VOLUME XCV— NO. 110.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, ; SATURDAY; MARCH 19, 1904.
War, News Continued on Page 9,
i The ; return from" the East , of VvTIIliam
H. /A very, I general .agent, of r the Toyo
Kisen" Kaisha 5 Steamship Company,- has
STEAMER- AMERICA >
MARU- RELEASED: BY Vi
'£5. TOKIO GOVERNMENT
Ma/lanie Humbert Is Silent.
PARIS. March 18. — Madame The
resa Humbert has notified the Parlia
mentary investigating committee, ap
pointed to inquire into the allegations
made by her aigainst persons occupy
ing high positions, that she preferred
to maintain silence. Thus terminates
the expectancy over her vague threat*
to expose many high officials.
PARIS, * March . 1 S.— The ; ! Chamber
of Deputies" to-day, after, a boisterous,
session, unanimously; adopted » a prop
osition of " the.r minority . fixing a^ regu
lar day each'.weekj forl hearings inter
pellations." : This :was; considered - to . be
further, "evidence] of the gradual weak
ening of .the I ministerial majority. jThe
decision insures' the > hearing "i«bfj ithe 1
Panama • and ?: forty .%'other/. ihterpella-'
tions.:..;. ) '.; »*". :- ¦[¦}¦¦ V--, ¦¦ •'/>* ;, .
lively ,; Session 'of /" the Deputies.
•SEQUL,: March 18.— Marquis Ito had
a audience with -the Emperor
this afternoon in the council hall. The
ceremonies were conducted in the pres
ence of. the, court. . ,The Emperor .was in
his most affable !mood-> .'«.*
- Tsutsuki," "secretary of .the- Japanese
Privy Council, who accompanied Mar»
quis-Ito: to*. Korea'.' says! that the-visit
of . the r Marquis . was . made" = purely ; In
behalf, "of .the] Japanese Emperor, to ex
press sympathy.with" Korea In the pres-.
enti troublous - times, . "and, contrary * to
the; general impression, it * had '. no po-
., The correspondent also confirms the
reports" "that the Russian horse artil
lery has withdrawn to the north bank
of the Yala.'a'nd ears part of the cav
alry has also been withdrawn, leaving
only a weak post at Syon-Chyon, south
ofWiJu.. ,
BERLIN, March 13. — The corre
spondent of the Lokal Anzeiger at
Seoul. Korea* In a dispatch' dated
March 17. confirms the previous re
ports that about 5000 Japanese en
gineers are engag»?d in -building the
field railroad from Seoul northward,
and say? the railroad from Fusan to
Seoul will not be completed before Oc
tober.
KOREAN -EMPEROB
, GRANTS AUDIENCE
TO MARQUIS ;IT0
Accomplices to .Killinc .of. Korean
Queen Meet-Death in] v Prispn T --Hlgh- ¦
waj-men TJinilariy Treated. .,.
SEOUL,' March 1 8.-^-On Wednesday,
March 16, thirteen'accomplices.tolthe
murder of the.Queen in 1895lwere ex
ecuted by .strangling . in i the ci ty pris
on. Twenty-two: highwaymen} were
similarly executed-at the same time". .
DEATH 'BY: STRANGLING '
FOR THIRTEEN .-.'MURDERERS
Commander of Caribbean Fleet Will
Go to Pensacola to Join In
Target Practice.
REAR ADMIRAL COGHLAN „,
SOON TO BE RELIEVED
WASHINGTON. March 18.— Rear Ad
miral Coghlan, commanding the Car
ibbean squadron, shortly will be re
lieved from service on the isthmus of
Panama by Rear Admiral Slgsbee,
commanding the South Atlantic squad
ron. Admiral Sigsbee left Pensacola
yesterday for Colon on his flagship, the
Newark, accompanied by the cruisers
Detroit and Montgomery'.
The Olympla, which is Admiral
Coghlan's flagship, will soon start for
Pensacola. where she will Join the ves
sels of the North Atlantic fleet in tar
get practice. It is probable | that Rear
Admiral Coghlan will .be succeeded; in
command of the Caribbean : squadron
by Rear Admiral Theodore F. JewelL
Herr Beumer further explained that
the plates are differently made. The
American plates are more complicated,
it is more difficult to make joinings and
they require much more costly work.
The American plates average 22 . per
cent thicker than the Krupp plates,
which, upon the basis of the American
price, makes a difference of $103 75 per
ton in favor of the German plates.
BERLIN, March 18.— In the Reich
stag to-day Herr Hue (Socialist) reit
erated an assertion which has been
much discussed in the press for several
years, namely, that Germany pays the
Krupp Company too high for. armor
plate, compared with what the United
States pays. Herr Beumer, for the Ad
miralty, replied that the German prices
vary, according to -the size and quality
of the plates, but, he added, the prices
of the plates for the new battleships
are considerably lower than the Amer
ican.
Hcrr line in Reichstag Compares
Prices Paid by His Country and
the United States.
SAYS GERMANY PAYS TOO
MUCH FOR ARMOR PLATE
confirms report
that Japanese are
• building railroad
PORT ARTHUR. March IS.— Accord-
Ing to information received from Rus
sians at Shanghai, during the fighting
at Port Arthur on February 10 and
February 11 the battleship MIkasa was
struck by ten projectiles and serious
ly damaged. Two Japanese battle
ships and two cruisers have been dock
ed for repairs at Nagasaki and Sase
bo, and 200O wounded men are said to
be in the Japanese hospitals.
All the Russian sick and wounded
at Port Arthur are making good prog
ress toward recovery.
The repeal of the anti-Jesuit law has
been a widely discussed question ever
cine* it was voted fn the Bundesrath.
March S. Doubts apparently prevailed
In the Bundesrath itself as to whether
that body was competent to act, since
the delegates of four States refrained
from voting.
* - ~ - *
BERLIN, March 18. — In the lower
house of the Prussian Diet to-day
Chancellor von Bulow replied to the
criticisms of those objecting to the re
pea! of the anti-Jesuit law and to the
charges that his action in the matter
¦xv.1? taken in order to obtain the sup
port of the Center party. Chancellor
\-cm Bulow warmly repudiated the as
sertion that his policy had been in
fluenced by the Center party. He be
lieved he had plenty of supporters, but
even if he stood alone, he would not
allow himself to be turned away from
a course which he considered correct.
The past votes of the Reichstag on this
subject better reflected the opinion of
the German people than the present at
titude of the National Liberals. There
was no question of dependence upon the
Center party, he said, but r.hy not be
accommodating to their Catholic fel
low citizens when it was possible to do
so without injury to the interests of
the state or Protestant church? He had
no intention of exceeding that limit, he
82id.
Chancellor 3Iaintains His
Position in Regani to Re
peal of Anti-Jesuit Law
been followed by the ¦ announcement
that . the Japanese Government has re
leased the company's steamship Amer
ica Maru from its auxiliary cruiser ser
vice and the vessel is now being refit
ted in. Nagasaki for- passenger and
freight traffic on the Pacific route. She
Is expected to return to San Francisco
early next month on the run scheduled
for the Hongkong Maru before she was
appropriated by the Mikado. This ex
plains the. mysterious mission of C.
Lacy Goodrich to the Orient. Immedi
ately after Agent A very's return here
Thursday afternoon he started Good
rich off for Seattle to catch the next
steamer for the Orient and accompa
nied the purser up the road as far as
Sacramento to give him . instructions
regarding his trip. After A very* s re
turn-to the Palace Hotel yesterday it
was learned that Goodrich is to accom
pany the America Maru back to this
port.
The America Maru was taken over
by the Japanese Government early in
February, just after she had entered
the Japanese waters on one of her reg
ular trips, and was Immediately over
hauled for service as a dispatch boat.
In the event of the Japanese Govern
ment refusing to relinquish the three
other vessels of the Toyo Klsen Kalsha
Company, ; the latter," as already an
nounced, \ is prepared . to , secure new
steamships, on the Atlantic -Coast.
•TOKIO. March 18. — The first as
sault-in force on the Russian . line
west of Port. Arthur '¦ has practically
begun. The British fishing boat
Seamew, arriving at Weihalwei from
Shaleithien Island, reports that six
teen transports are at Kaoshan. in
the Miao group of islands, on. which
troops -were embarking yesterday.
Two warships of big build and several
itorpedo-boat destroyers were south
east of Kaoshan. It has been known
for some time that the Japanese
army .was somewhere on .the Malo
Islands in force, but as Admiral Togo
stopped all transportation between the
northerly group' and -this point no in
formation has come from them in
three weeks.
. The Seamew . passed within four
miles of the westerly end ot Kaoshan
Island and says there were several
hundred small boats engaged in con
veying -soldiers to the transports. .
;The ".-point of destination of this army
division Is in all. probability west of
Port Arthur. .- English, army officers
here «ay ¦ if an invasion were^-intended
east, of "Port ' Arthur; these soldiers
.would have been landed on some 'one of.
the Elliott ' Islands, where . there •. is
known Uo- be a force of
Japanese." J The- departure of- this dl
visionhow indicates an "attack not later
than Tuesday, which' In :all probabilj ty
can be- carried out successfully;. as, the
Iee> has moved rapidly from the gulf
of Lioatung in the last; ten' days. 7 Boats
are comlng'in regularly now from Lan
chichangr laden with- lumber and they
say 'the gulf -is free of Ice. ,. The] report
by the seamen has excited^great inter
est and it? is^ribw-'co-nfidehtly -believed
that the* first real operation of 'the war
ls-now'iinder way.". ;..--. V /:..:- ; ;
lrtlcal object. Marquis Ito had not
come to discus3 the political or war
situations, although his visit may have
consequences which may develop later.
Tsutsuki admitted that Japan expect
ed a prolc-nged war, but Japan had to
meet Russian aggression, and it waa
better to do so now than later.
Marquis Ito will have several audi
ences with the Emperor.
BATTLESHIP MIKASA
IS REPORTED TO BE
SERIOUSLY DA3IAGEI)
GAlA'ESTON, March 18.— Through a
ruling of the Texas State Court, a com
petitor to the sugar trust has been
established in this State. For many
years the large sugar refinery at Sugar
land, one of the largest in the South,
has been operated In connection with
the trust In that the owners fn.con
sideration of a large subsidy agreed to
refine only the sugar grown upon the;*
plantation. When the refinery went
into the hands of the receivers this pri
vate agreement was discovered, and
as under the Texas -law agreement
with trusts are not tolerated this was
declared abrogated and the receiver In
structed to operate the refinery to pro
duce the greatest revenue.
The result of the action of the court
i3 that through negotiations with
Cuban planters arrangements have al
ready been made for the immediate
importation of 17.000.000 pounds of raw
sugar and 1,000,000 pounds additional
are expected to follow in due time. As
there is a paper factory in connection
with the mill, which produces a good
quality of all grades of paper. It is sahl
that the Influence of this factory will
also be felt by the paper trust.
Greatest .Revenue.
Orders Receiver of Sugar Refinery to
Operate Plant to Produce the
TEXAS COURT BREAKS
PRIVATE TRUST AGREEMENT
Sixteen Transports Guarded by Two Big Warships and
Torpedo-Boat Destroyers Are at Kao Shan
and Busy Taking on Troops.
While the Koenig Albert was pass
ing Sagres to-day Emperor William
sent the following message by wire
less telegraph to King Carlos of Portu
gal: . VV~
"Passing Cape St. Vincent, I send
your Majesty' my respectful compli
ments."
GIBRALTAR. March IS.— The North
German Lloyd steamship Koenig Al
bert, with Emperor William on board
and under convoy of the armored cruis
er Prinz Freiderich Karl, arrived here
to-day. All on x board are well. The
British squadron stationed here saluted
the German ship and General Sir
George Stewart White, the Governor of
Gibraltar, boarded the Koer.ig Albert
and welcomed the Emperor. Later Em
peror William landed and lunched with
Sir George White. The streets trav
ersed by the Emperor were lined with
troops and bluejackets. He was ac
corded a most hearty reception.
This afternoon the Emperor, accom
panied by the Governor, visited the
Moorish castle and the galleries in the
rocks. He expressed great satisfaction
with all arrangements that had been
made for his reception and commented
on the seamanlike appearance of the
bluejackets and the fine physique of
the troops.
| RAILROAD BUILDINGS AT VLADIVOSTOK AXD WEAK POINT ON^THE MANCHTRIAX ROAD.
Accompanied by Governor
White German Emperor
Pays Visit to Famous Fort
WASHINGTON. . March 1 8. — -"Santo
Domingo is just as black as it is painted,"
is the verdict of Assistant Secretary
Loomis of- the State Department, who
returned to Washington on the United
States ship Mayflower with Admiral
Dewey to-day. While in the'Carib
bean Sea during last month Loomis
visited many' of the principal ports of
Santo Domipgo, where the '.revolution
is now raging. The Mayflower did hot
go up to Santo Domingo City on ac
count of fighting there.
Loomis will; make a report- to -the
President .about conditions in Panto
Domingo and he has some idea of ac
tion which will, tend to restore order
in the black republic.
He found affairs throughout the re
public in a state of most deplorable
uncertainty on account of the revolu
tion. The natural wealth of vegeta
tion on the island made chaos and dis
regard of law and order the more de
plorable. Loomis found W. F. Powell,
United States Minister to Santo Do
mingo, apparently .respected and rec
ognized by -Morales' Government, \ but
it seems he was extremely tired- of
the great amount of work - devolving
upon him as a'result of the revolution.
He told Loomis that: the house in
which he . formerly lived has | been
made, a target, for artillery, fire until
there are.; now. no less than a t dozen
shells in its' walls.' ;
Loomis was disinclined to say. much
about his visit.. except. that reports of
disorder were' not exaggerated."
While this Government will do. what
it can toward" bringing \ order out of
revolution in Santo Domingo, it is not
likely any radicar action will be taken
at this time.". . ,._.... ' /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KAISER LANDS
AT GIBRALTAR
"Country Black as It
Is Painted," Says
Loomis.
CONDITIONS
ARE AWFUL
INDOMINGO
It is thirty-five years since the dam
was built, but little work has been
done on it since that time, and for
years it has been known that in the
event of a rise in the lake there would
be danger. The Lake Tahoe
Railway will puffer first. This line fol
lows the river from its source to this
town. The grades would be destroyed
and the tracks washed away, and it
would be almost impossible to have the
road repaired in time to handle the
summer traffic. In . addition there are
thousands of cords of wood in the river
bed between here and Tahoe. This
would be swept away* Truckee, with
its box factories and lumber mills,
would suffer most. The loss In dollars
and cents to that town can hardly be
estimated at this time. Floriston, with
its one million dollar paper plant,
would suffer next. Located as it is be
tween two steep mountains and right
on the bed of the river, it would be
wiped out of existence. Verdi, the next
town in its course, would also suffer
greatly. Reno proper, though on '.he
banks of the river, is so high above the
stream that it is thought but little
damage would result. However, in the
Glendale district, the damage would be
almost irreparable. Wadsworth would
suffer to some extent, but by the time
the water could reach that place the
residents would have ample time to
carry their belongings to places of
safety. Reno residents can be warned
four hours before the flood reaches
them.
RENO. Nev., March 18.— From Tahoe
to Pyramid the banks of the* Truckee
River are lined to-night with men
dreading the signal that may come an
nouncing the breaking of the big Lake
Tahoe dam, now being strained to re
tain a body of water ten feet in depth
and covering an area of 196 square
miles. The danger is increasing every
moment and in the event that the mea
ger restraint gives way millions of dol
lars' worth of property will be de
stroyed and miles upon miles of the
richest and most productive land in
this section of California, as well as in
\\~ashoe County, Nevada, will be a
stretch of desolation and ruin.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VON BULOW
REMAINS FIRM
¦
The prisoners win undoubtedly be de
ported to Yucatan at ¦ the earliest op
portunity. The Mexicans did not lose
a man in the Engagement, and the few
¦wounds will recover. A dispatch fr^>m
San Jose de Guaymas says that Bar
ren has not returned to that place yet,
but that Captain Callindo and a force
Tvhicb arrived from Mazatlan on the
tarac beat with Captain Barron on
Wednesday fought a similar engage
ment upon the other side of the Santa
Ursula range. They drove a small b?nd
of Indians dn-n-n from the mountains
and out upon Victoria Peninsula,
where, after a short but sh?rp fight,
the Yaquis were defeated and surren
dered, there being no avenue of escape.
GUA7MAS. Mexico, March IS.— A de
tachrsest of Federal troops, under
Captain Barren, routed a band of
Ta<jui savages near Bataraote Thurs
day morning, killing fifteen of the In
dian* acd wounding at least a score.
The first report of the engagement
came through an official dispatch from
General Torres, now at Hermoslllo, to
the prefect at Guaymas. Captain Bar
ren and the hundred men under him
belonged to a detachment of the
Eleventh Battalion, which arrived re
cently from Mazatlan to garrison th*
cities and towns in the Yaqui country.
Barren was cent to San Jose de Guay
rr.as end was destined to see early ser
vice, for on "Wednesday reports reached
that plac*» that a howling band of
ravages had c^me down out of the very
mountains which the Federal troops
had supposed to have cleared of the
Eavages in a campaign which ter
minated about ten days ago.
Barren had no accurate reports as to
tfce numbers of th» foe, but tet out in
pursuit with his hundred men. He came
upen the Indians in the Sierras, near
Batamote. Although taken by surprise,
the four ecore savages charged down
a hillside upon the Government irn^y.'.
mistaking the number and strength of
their opponents. The forces under Cap
tain Barron were prepared to take no
chances and they poured a withering
flre in upon the savages, killing and
¦wounding almost half of the band. The
Furvivors, terrified by the deadly work
cf thp Mexican rifles, were easily taken
p. lsoriert.
£r*daJ DiBj>*ich to The Call.
Three million barrels of oil in the
j tanks are destroyed. The large storage
j tanks north of the field escaped, they
: being remote from the originating
: point of the fire. The derricks and build
; Ings of the field are in ashes and the
1 best producing wells it is feared are
i ruined, they being Moonshine Xo. 1,
! Oriole 1, Mary Ellen 1, Guffey 3 and
Honeymoon 1. The combined output of
these was $0,000 barrels dailjC A heavy
ratn has fallent. during the day and
r=*V \.\ ;'VA"*^ji5 "T.jf steam to mingle
'/with* the Mastic volume of smoke. Prac
tically no effort has been made to com
bat the flames, they being beyond the
| control of human agency. A heavy
i pall of smoke has settled over the coun-
I Try for 100 miles to the west from the
! burning district.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOUSTON, Tex.. March IS.— Fire
broke out in the Batson oil field again
at 4 o'clock this morning and to-night
is still raging fiercely in the vicinity of
the gushers, from which fiery streams
continue to spread. Practically the
whole field is burned over and the loss
will be in the hundreds of thousands.
The fire started in the Moonshine Com
pany's gusher, and burning oil run
ning from it soon set the whole field
ablaze. The companies losing heaviest
are the Moonshine Oil Company, Buf
falo Company, .Reeves & Armstrong.
Haywood Producers and the Hughes
Company.
Practically Ko Effort Is Being Made
by People to Subdue the
Burning Wells.
People Shudd'r at Thought of a Break
Which Would Mean a Loss
of Millions
Indians Plan Snrprise on Mexicans,
tat the Whites Have Only
Few Injured.
Whole Section Is AWaze
and Loss Will Be
Tremendous. '
Hundreds Patrol Truckee
River Ready to Give
Warning.
Many Killed and Wounded
and the Remainder
Captured.
Water Rising in Lake
and a Disaster \
Is Feared. ;
Great Pushers Belch
Streams ol Flame
Skyward.
Yaqui Band Repulsed
by tlie Federal
Troops.
SOLDIERS
SLAUGHTER
SAVAGES
ST. PETERSBURG, March 18. — Viceroy Alexieff today cabled to the Czar from Mukden as' follows: "Our patrols
discovered-the presence of the enemy's infantry on the banks of the Cheng-Cheng River, about three miles from Anju.
The enemy, opened fire and killed one of our horses.
| "General; Mishtchento reports that* Pingyang is occupied by Japanese infantry with'some guns, and that Korean carts
are carrying their supplies. The enemy's cavalry is not visible in large bodies, and only isolated horsemen are seen. Their
horses are poor." . .
TAHOE DAM
MAY YIELD
ANY TIME
FIRE RAGES
IN BATSON
OIL FIELDS
JAPANESE PREPARING TO ASSAULT
THE FORCES WEST OF PORT ARTHUR
THE \7EATHEB.
rorecart made at Saa Traa
ciico lor thirty hours ending 1
midaisrbt, II area 19:
Saa Fraaclsco and vicinity —
Cloudy Saturday ; fresh westerly
winds. . A. O. McAT>rE,
District Forecaster.
THE TKSATEBS.
Alca*»r — "yarrtfal/*
California. — T*« Old aun
Central— -*3£ai2tiJ OTSrUa/*
Columbia, — "71a Silver Slipp*r. -
CSmt«4» — Vauievill*.
Piscliei 1 * — '"Z±* Eona1«r»."
Orp2texBa — Vaadertll*.
Tlvoli —^Tie Gypsy Bcxes*"
Katiaew at AH Tbeatcn To-D*7.
The San Francisco Call.Range Cattle for St. Louis.
TUCSON. A. T., March 18.— The
World's Fair mine, in • the Harshaw
district of Arizona, has been sold to
Minnesota capitalists. The purchase
price was $500,000. The mine has been
one of the best silver producers in
Southern Arizona. ¦ . •
• m ¦ -
Canmakers* Strike On*.
CHICAGO. March 18. — The strike
of the employes of the American Can
Company was declared . off to-day
pending : negotiations . which probably
will lead to a .settlement. .
Arizona Mine Sold.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
18.71-H. F. Coolidge. '04, general secre
tary of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation at Stanford, has resigned, and
a successor will be appointed ' soon.
Cpolidge has been ; actively connected
with: the work of ! the association at
Stanford during the past four years.
Y. M. C. A. Secretary Resigns.
' WASHINGTON, March 18.— The
House Committee on Judiciary to-day
authorized' a favorably report on the
Jenkins "bill, extending to .five years
the statute of limitation in its applica
tion to GovernmenV officers. The ex
tended time as now to be reported. will
not apply to any person who is now
exempt from prosecution by reason 6f
the three-year statute. Minority views
will be filed on the bill.
Favors Jenkins Bill.
STOCKTON, March 18.— An Italian
sheepherder whose name is Anton Cre
dencci v was found this afternoon be
side the railroad track at Peters, thir
teen miles east of this city, in a .se
rious condition from bruises -inflicted
with a coupling, pin some time last
night by a robber who relieved him of
$355. The man lay in the street all day
in an unconscious condition, passers
by thinking he was under the influence
of liquor. . • . .' ¦- , • v^
Italian Ilobbed and Beaten.
WASHINGTON, March 18.—Opposi
tion to the" extension of the coastwise
laws to the Philippines wes continued
to-day before the House Committee on
Merchant Marine and Fisheries by the
cordage interests. It was asserted
that should these laws be applied a
combination of ship owners could ruin
the cordage industry by making high
freight rates on Manila hemp.
Coastwise Law Opposed.
MOSCOW, March 18—Mme.Shtchens
hovitch has been informed that her
husband, commander of the battleship
Retvlzan, has become deaf as the result
of the cannonading In the repelling of
Japanese assaults upon Port Arthur.
Rctvizan's Master Is Deaf.
TRINIDAD, Colo., March 18.— Five
unknown tramps who were stealing a
ride are dead as a result of a freight
wreck on the Colorado Southern Rail
road at Mayne. a small station forts*
miles north of , here, this evening. The
engine and five cars of the train are
piled In a ditch and 'the bodies of the
victims are still under the wreckage.
The accident happened on a small tres
tle and was caused by a broken rail.
The crew escaped. _
Train Kills Five Tramps.
HAVANA, March 18.— It is said here
that Speyer & Co. of New York recent
ly interrogated the United States Gov
ernment as to whether the Cuban
loan of $35,000,000 for the payment of
the revolutionary war veterans was
satisfactory ; to it and in accordance
with the terms of the Platt amend
ment. The reply received, it is said,
was to the effect that Cuba Was en
tirely authorized to close the business
In accordance with the contract.
Cuban Loan Questioned.
Plan to Fortify East Bank of Lino.
NEWCHWANG. March 18. — The
work of undocking the Russian gun
boat Sivootch has begun, so as to en
able her to enter the Liao River at the
earliest possible moment. Three small
boats from Port Arthur have been
disentrained at the railway station.
The above facts, together with the
Russian demands for a market here
for lumber and grain bags, are taken
to indicate the proposed, execution of
plans .to fortify the east bank of tlie
Liao River from the railway station
to the forts and the coast line to Kln
chau.
SANTA CLARA, March 18.— Arbor
day was celebrated here to-day by the
planting of trees along Franklin street
from the depot to Santa Clara College.
School children and students of Santa
Clara College participated, two bands
from the college supplying the music.
At Central 'Park four trees were plant
ed in memory of C. C. Morse.' Hon. D.
W. Herrington, Rev. Joseph Caredda
and Rev. Michael Accolti. Addresses
were delivered by E. F. Jordan, Pro
fessor L. R. Smith ahd Rev. John J.
Cunningham.
Arbor Day at Santa Clara.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 18.— The
Admiralty has no confirmation of the
reported loss of the torpedo-boat de
stroyer Skorl off Port Arthur.
No reports have been received at the
Foreign Office or elsewhere confirming
a Bourse rumor, of a great Japanese
defeat, which probably grew out of the
unconfirmed Shanghai report of the de
feat of 200 Japanese by a Russian force
of 300 men.
RUMORS ARE NOT
CONFIRMED AT
FOREIGN OFFICE
NEW YORK, March 18.— Twenty
thousand bricklayers and laborers and
about 2000 ironworkers are on strike,
and unless a settlement can be reached
at a conference to be held to-day th€
strike probably will spread until about
100,000 men are involved. The employ
ers, considering it improbable that any
settlement will be reached, are pcepar
ing for the strike which they think will
follow.
Members of other unions who will
be out of work because they cannot
proceed with building without the
bricklayers, are said to be indignant
that the bricklayers should tie up the
whole building industry.
Twenty-five hundred lithographers
have struck rather than be locked out.
They quit when they found that they
must sign the arbitration agreement or
be discharged.
It Is Expected That 100,000 Mechan
ics Will Be Involved Unless Set
tlement Is Soon Reached. 1
ARMY OF MEN OUT ON >
STRIKE IN NEW YORK
A. P. Stewart, general agent of the
Chicago and Alton road, leaves to-day
for St. Louis to attend a convention
of the general agents of his company
to be held there beginning March 29.
Warren F. Holton, formerly con
nected with the Southern Pacific
Company and now traveling passenger
agent for the Piedmont Air Line in
Cincinnati, has been ordered trans
ferred to this city, the change being
effective on April 1.
Robert Donaldson, chief rate clerk
of the Southern Pacific Company and
a son of Assistant General Passenger
Agent R. A. Donaldson, has been as
signed to the charge of the company's
ticket-room, superseding Q. C. Cura
mings, who has been chief clerk of
that office for twenty-five years.
A. J. Earling, president of the Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Rail
road, who has been wintering at San
ta Barbara with his family, arrived
In this city yesterday and is registered
at the Palace. He Is accompanied by
his son, George P. Earling, and the
latter's wife. President Earling: has
been connected with the Chicago,
Milwaukee and St. Paul road for
twenty-five years, having entered its
services ,as a telegraph operator and
steadily risen through various depart
ments to the chieftaincy of the big
concern. He came north to Inspect
the company's local office and. inquire
Into business matters here.
Fred W. Swanton and H. E. Irish,
who are interested in the plans for the
development of Santa Cruz, are at the
Palace.
Dr. T. R. Heintz of Redding is at the
Palace.
Rev. C. W. Merrill and wife of Sara
toga are at the Palace.
R. P. Dunlop, a mining man of Ton
opah, is at the Palace.
L. A. Blasengame, a stockman of
Fresno, Is at the Grand.
Judge A. V. Barker of Ebensburg,
Pa., is at "the Occidental.
Dr. G. K. Thocftmorton of Lafayette,
Ind., Is registered at the Grand.
Mrs. Fred Bories of Seattle is visit-
Ing this city and Is a guest at the
Lick.
PERSONAL.
WASHINGTON, March 18.— A recep
tion was given to-night to Booker T.
Washington by negroes of the District
of Columbia. The reception was held
in the Metropolitan A. M. E. Church.
The audience contained a number of
white people, and on the platform were
seated representative white and negro
citizens of Washington.
Music was played by. the Marine
Band. Bishop Arnett delivered the in
vocation. Commander Henry B. Mc-
Farland delivered an address of wel
come, and Representative James , E.
Watson of Indiana Introduced Dr.
Washington, who delivered a brilliant
address. The benediction was delivered
by Dr. Edward Everett Hale.
Honor to the Celebrated Colored
Lecturer!
Negroes of District of Columbia Do
HOOKER T. WASHINGTON
GUEST AT A RECEPTION
BERLIN, March 18.— The commercial
negotiations between Russia and Ger
many are at a complete standstill, ow
ing to Germany's refusal to discuss
the diminution of agrarian duties or
to consent to an increase of • the Rus
sian duties on manufactures in the
same proportion.
Negotiations nt Standstill.
"The icebreakers are getting ready to
begin operations at the; end of March."
The Ministry of Marine has directed
the institution of prize courts at Se
bastopool, Libau, Port Arthur and
Vladivostok.
The Emperor 'visited the- new Admir
alty dockyard to-day. He was looking
pale, but was cheerful and smilingly
greeted the 17,000 dock worker who
turned out to welcome him. The Em
peror went on board the transport
Kamtchatka and inspected the vessel's
arrangements for accommodating 1000
men. She will be ready in a few
months. The Emperor then boarded
the first-class cruiser Olga. The Olga's
engines are ready, but her turrets and
conning tower are not yet armored,
and her guns are not in position. His
Majesty asked a number of questions
and looked pleased at what he had
seen.
NOT SUFFERING FROM COLD.
A correspondent, on crossing Lake
Baikal, writes:
"The stories of soldiers frozen to
death while crossing the lake provokes
mirth. Personally, I am convinced that
the men are" not' suffering from cold.
Huts at intervals of a few versts pro
vide warmth and refreshment and the
weaker men are driven across In sleighs
well wrapped in furs. Others march the
distance, forty versts (about twenty
six miles) comfortably in a day, and
are glad of the opportunity to stretch
their limbs after the railroad, journey.
The hut* are provided with bells, which
are rung "during snowstorms, and lan
ternshung on the telegraph poles show
the way at night, the ice railroad con
veying the baggage cars, which are
drawn by horses.
The Red Cross Society is considering
a proposition to fit out an auto-traln
to convey the wounded over the high
road 350 miles from Mukden, Man
churia, to Blagovetchensk, East Si
beria, on the river Amur, where they
would be placed on board barges for
conveyance to hospitals established
along that river.
An expert in the military organiza
tion says that even presuming there
are four divisions of Japanese at Ping
yang, Korea, they could not venture
to advance until reinforced by two
more divisions, which would require
another month or six weeks. The
writer contends that they could not
advance more than seven miles a day,
owing to the condition of the roads.
He compares PIngyang with Plevna,
and says the great drawback to the
town is that 'it is surrounded by
marshes, which will breed insects and
malaria when the warm weather comes.
act against the wishes of the Korean
Government, the Russians are instruct
ed not to fight them as though they
were troops of a belligerent state, but
to' confine themselves to placing them
under arrest."
The Gazette expresses the hope that
the Anglo-French understanding will
result in a more friendly attitude on
the part of Great Britain toward ,Rus
sia.
A diplomat representing a small Eu
ropean power expresses the hope that
China will join Japan, on the theory
that all the white powers, including
the United States, will then be com
pelled to form a coalition and stop the
war, which would ruin the trade of
the whole world with China. But he
fears Japan realizes the danger and
will decline China's aid.
CAKE OF THE WOUNDED.
PARIS, , March 18.— The Petit Pa
rlsienne's St. Petersburg correspondent
sends a rumor to the effect that Vice
Admiral Stark, • who has been relieved
of the command of the fleet at Port
Arthur, ostensibly an account of 11U
health, has attempted suicide. There
is no confirmation of this rumor.
Says Stark Tried to End Life.
Missionaries Receive No Instructions.
ROME, March 18. — The Osserva
tore Romano, the Vatican organ, de
nies the statement that the Congrega
tion of the Propaganda has Instruct
ed missionaries in Japan secretly to
help the Japanese.
MOSCOW, March 18.— The provincial
government of Moscow has asked Dr.
Nansen, the Norwegian explorer, for in
formation concerning the kind of pre
serves which proved most satisfactory
during his polar expedition. Dr. Nan
sen's experience will be useful In en
abling the province to arrange for sup
plies for the Manchurian army.
Nansen's Advice Sought.
Hak Sang, Who went b -tween the
Emperor and the legations and was a
frequent caller at the American lega
tion, took refuge in the Palace of Flow
ers, which belongs to the Emperor, but
is kept by a German woman and flies
the German flag. Hak Sang thereby in
creased the suspicion that he was pro-
Russian, and in view of the Japanese
successes he decided to fly from the
country. He asked Minister Allen to
allow him to go to Chefu on the Cin
cinnati. Minister Allen declined to do
bo, unless Japanese Minister Hayashi
had no objections. Hayashi offered
him transportation on a Japanese boat,
but Hak Sang, being afraid to accept,
refused the offer and renewed his ap
peal to be allowed to go on the Cin
cinnati, to which Minister Hayashi con
sented.
SEOUL, March 18. — The United States
cruiser Cincinnati took to Chefu the
Korean general Yi Hak Kyumen and
Chamberlain Hak Sang, both advo
cates of the declaration of the neu
trality of Kc-rea submitted to the pow
ers in January, the effect of which
would have been favorable to Russia.
When the Japanese were victorious at
Chemulpo the advocates of neutrality
became alarmed and many of them
went to the American legation and
sought an asylum. Minister Allen de
clined to receive them '£fnfl urged them
to remain at their homes, stating that
nothing would happenUo them if they
followed his j advice. * | None of them
have been m<Vlested. J
WASHINGTON, March 18.— The fol
lowing report has been received at the
State Department from Minister Gris
corn, Tokio, February 20: •
"In view of the fact that there are
Eome twenty American missionaries in
Fusan and that they are unable to
communicate by telegraph with Mr.
Allen in Seoul, I deemed It advisable
to mention the matter informally to
Baron Komura. In reply to my in
quiries Baron Komura stated that am
ple measures were being taken to pro
tect all foreigners in Fusan and the
Japanese Consul had been instructed
to use every effort to tills end. An
additional number of Japanese police
are being sent to Fusan to be at the
disposal of the Consul.
"In view of these precautions, It
seems hardly likely that the foreign
residents at Fusan will be liable to
any ill-treatment other than that to
which all non-combatants near a siege
of war are subjected."
FOREIGN RESIDENTS
IN FUSAN ARE NOT
IN'SERIOUS DANGER
VESSELS ENTERING
KWANGTUNG MUST
SIGNAL FOR PILOT
WASHINGTON, March 18.— Count
Cassini to-day furnished to the State
Department the following notice:
"By order of my Government, I have
the ho-nor to advise your Excellency
that In consequence of the laying of
torpedoes in the waters of the Kwang
tung all vessels which desire to ap
proach to the coast or enter Port Ar
thur shall observe the following rules:
'After heading for the entrance of the
pert on a strictly northern course, all
vessels shall stop at a distance of at
least five miles, hoist their national flag
and call by signal for a pilot, who will
be sent to them to steer them to their
assigned berths.' " .,-.
Much Interest in Johnson Case.
WATSOXVILLE, March 18.— The
preliminary examination of F. "W. John
son, a hotel proprietor of this city, was
begun to-day on a charge of altering
a railroad ticket with intent to de
fraud the Southern Pacific Company.
The case is exciting considerable in
terest In consequence of the local prom
inence of the defendant.
HAYASHI CONSENTS
TO THE DEPARTURE
OF YI HAK KYU3IEN
TOKIO, March 18.— It is expected that
imperial sanction will be given imme
diately, to the election of M. Matsuda,
one of the leaders of the Constitution
alist party, who was' to-day elected
president of the House of Representa
tives, and that the D.iet will be formal
ly opened by the Emperor himself on
Sunday or Monday next. Both the Con
stitutionalists and Progressives having
decided that in view of the urgent need
of united action Upon the part of Ja
pan at this juncture to support the
Government insures the complete ap
proval of the Government's financial
programme for the prosecution of the
war. M. Matsuda was Minister of Fin
ance in the Okuma Cabinet and Minis
ter of Education in the Ito Cabinet.
The Standard's Tientsin correspond
ent says that Paul Lessar, Russian
Minister to China, haB renewed his pro
test against the dispatch of Chinese
forces outside the great wall, and has
intimated that unless they are with
drawn Russia may be compelled to act
on the assumption that China is aban
doning her neutrality in favor of Ja
pan. The Minister is also reported to
have renewed his threat that on the
slightest movement on China's part
Russian troops will march on Peking.
It is said that in reply to this, the
correspondent adds, China refused to
recall her troops.
A Newchwang correspondent of the
Times, cabling under yesterday's date,
asserts that there are no Japanese
north of the Yalu River and that none
of their scouts have been seen there
since the beginning of March. On the
other hand, the correspondent says,
the Russians are reported to have
crossed the Yalu to the south, leav
ing a small force to guard the river.
LONDON, March 18.— Again there Is
no news from the Far East, with the
exception of vague rumors of unsuc
cessful attempts of the Port Arthur
and Vladivostok fleets to Join forces.
SAN JOSE, March 18. — Miss F. M.
Balcomb of Stanford University won
a four-cornered oratorical contest at
the Unitarian church this evening held
under the auspices of the Intercolle
giate Prohibition Association for
Northern California. All the topics
related to the prohibition cause. *t.- 5
Miss Balcomb's theme .was "The
Ultimate Remedy." The other con
testants and their subjects were: J. J.
Mazza, University of California, "Leg
islation on the 'Liquor Traffic"; Jesse
D. Kuykendall, University of the Pa
cific, "The Liquor Problem and Col
lege Man": John L. Olsen, California
College of Oakland, ."Prohibition."
Kuykendall of the University of the
Pacific was awarded second prize. The
first prize was $75 and the second $25.
A musical programme was rendered
in connection with the oratorical con
test.
Miss Bnlcomb Carries Away Honors
in Debate on Prohibition
Theme.
STANFORD GIRL. WINS
PIUZK AT ORATORY
PARIS, March 19.— A Petit Parisienne
St. Petersburg correspondent tele
graphs:
"I learn from a sure source that the
Russian Vladivostok squadron left port
¦seventy-two hours ago. The officers
refuse to discuss the destination of the
squadron."
The correspondent has had an inter
view with Finance Minister Kokovzoff,
who expressed surprise at the recent
panic in the Paris Bourse, adding that
Russia had profited by buying. Russian
stocks at 'bottom prices. The Minister
declared that the gold reserve in the
bank was actually increasing, and that
if any metal was to be sent to the seat
of war it would be silver, to the use of
which the Orientals were accustomed.
He said the Russian mint was casting
silver bars similar to those employed in
Manchuria for the use of the Russian
officers there. Finally, the Minister de
nied all knowledge of any purpose on
Russia's part' to float a loan in France.
All Parties Agree to
Give Support to
Government.
Act Is Regarded as a
Violation of Neu-
Officers Refuse to
Discuss Its Des
tination.
Occupies Premier
Place in the
Newspapers.
EMPEROR TO OPEN
JAPANESE DIET ON
SUNDAY OR MONDAY
SQUADRON OF CZAR
IS SAID TO HAVE
LEFT VLADIVOSTOK
KOBE. March 18. — Official informa
tion given out here to-day confirms
previous reports to the effect that the
Russian squadron at Port Arthur re
cently made an attempt to break out
of that port. On the night of March 10
Admiral Makaroff with a few undam
aged and repaired vessels under his
flag crept out of the outer harbor. The
night was dark and there seemed a
fair chance of his escaping and effect
ing a Junction with the Vladivostok
squadron.
Admiral Togo's men, however, were
not to be caught napping. On the
morning of March 13 Makaroff's ves
sels found themselves In touch with
Togo's scouts and, knowing that a
strong Japanese fleet had them shut off
from the north, returned to Port Ar
thur, where they still remain.
"Should the Russian troops encounter
Korean forces operating against the
Russians under the influence of Japan
ese officers, who are forcing them to
A communication from the Foreign
Office is published here confirming the
statement that Russia does not regard
Korea as belligerent and will not do
so until there is evidence that Korea
is actively making common cause with
Japan. The communication, after re
iterating the assertion that Russia con
siders it implicitly a neutral state act
ing under pressure by Japan and de
prived of the power of free action, and
that Russia, therefore, cannot regard
as valid any treaty to the benefit of
Japan nor the abrogation of Russian
concessions, proceeds:
The admiral adds that he cannot
understand how such a stupid story
was credited. He expressed the opin
ion that the war would be of long du
ration, judging from the extensive
Japanese preparations, which were
thoroughly understood at Vladivostok,
where war was expected even earlier
than it came.
"We are convinced that the mo
ment has now 1 arrived to stop Anglo
phobe tactics of the Metcherski type
and to show that England's true po
sition is the one she has taken lately,
after which she will know how to
grasp the hand held out by Russia."
The Gazette is surprisingly pro-En^
lifh and says: "Through the -good of
fices of our excellent ally better rela
tions may come between us and our foe.
If so. It would be well not bnly for
ourselves but for Europe in general."
The Novoe Vremya, which Is as rab
idly Anglo-phobe as the London Times
is Russo-phobe. will not admit that the
Franco-Anglo "entente" is possible
until England delivers up Egypt.
Concerning the loss of the cruiser
Boyarin at Port Arthur a private letter
Bays that the vessel struck a floating
mine dropped by the Japanese. Naval
engineers are preparing to raise the
Boyarin, though it is thought doubtful
whether it will be fit for fighting pur
poses, as it is feared that the tremen
dcus concussion more than likely has
etrained the frames.
Admiral Stackelberg, who. on account
of illness, turned over the command of
the Vladivostok squadron to Captain
Reitzenstein. has arrived in St. Peters
burg. He gives an entirely different
version of some of the reports emanat
ing from Japanese sources regarding
the events before he left. The cruise of
his squadron February 9 to February
15 in Japanese waters was made by
order of Admiral Stark, for its effect
upon the - population of Northern
Japan. Admiral Stackelberg denies
that he fired upon Japanese merchant
men in Sangore Straits. He says the
chips were captured and that while at
tempting to convoy them to Port Ar
thur a blizzard sprang up, and not
wishing to endanger the .Russian
cruisers, after taking off the crews and
passengers from the merchantmen, one
of the latter, loaded with contraband
rice, was sunk. The other, which was
a tramp steamer, was released to carry
to the Japanese the story of the pres
ence of the Russian warships in those
waters for moral effect. There never
¦was any bombardment of Hakodate,
which is heavily fortified.
EXPECTS A IX>XG WAR.
The Viedomostle says: "We must
admit that England can never be an
enemy and that Germany is con
stantly threatening our frontier. Ger
many makes no secret of the fact that
she wants to increase her colonies.
Accordingly we ought not to quarrel
with Endand. but to use this senti
ment as a buffer with which to pro
tect ourselves from Germany. An al
liance with Japan will not last; where
will England's sympathies go after
ward?
ST. PETERSBURG. March 18. —
The Franco-English "Entente" to-day
occupies premier place and is hailed
with surprising satisfaction.
Sr*cl«J XMrpatch to Th« Call.
"Three Chinese bandits a few days
ago attacked a house in' the center of
town. The master of the house Hilled
two of the bandits and a third was
killed by officers.
"The understanding at Port Arthur Is
that the Japanese are proposing to ef
fect a landing west of the Llao River."
"The Japanese squadron is now reck
oned to consist of the battleships Shik
ishima. Patsuse, Yashima, Mikasa,
Asahl and Fuji.
"Port Arthur is exceedingly gloomy
at night, all lights being out. Pickets
patrol the streets, stopping all pedes
trians. . ,
"The enemy, in endeavoring to stand
as far as possible, outside the range
of the Russian batteries, rendered their
own fire ineffective. The people are be
coming used to bombardments and the
Japanese squadron cruising In the off
ing causes little alarm. Occupations
are resuming their wonted course and
many stores have reopened.
"Not a few womeji heroically refuse
to leave Port Arthur, regardless of the
tragic death of Baroness Frank. Dur
ing the height of the cannonading one
woman with dressings for wisclnded
wandered the streets, ready to afford
aid to the wounded.
"A branch of the Russo-Chlnese bank
is doing business and many wives of
officers and soldiers are returning as
sisters of mercy. The land defenses
are strengthened every day and the
troops are eager to fight. The gaiety
and Good spirits of the troops is sur
prising.
"During the engagement between the
Russian and the Japanese torpedo boat
desroyers the boats came Into close
quarters, being within a few fathoms'
length of one another. A torpedo from
the Russian destroyer Vladstini tore off
the stern of one of the enemy's destroy
ers, her captain standing on the bridge
as she sank, amid wild- cries.
"Six hours of firing by the heaviest
guns during the last bombardment did
not demolish a single building, but cost
a few lives. The husband and child of
Baroness Frank, who was decapitated
by fragments of shell flying in through
a window, were unharmed.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 18.— A
correspondent of the press, who has
just visited Port Arthur, telegraphs
from Mukden to-day as follows:
"Despite the various bombardments
at Port Arthur the external aspect of
the city remains unchanged, although
the enemy fired an enormous number
of projectiles. The battleships and
cruisers bear marks of fighting. The
black clouds of smoke from their stacks
overhang the town. The cruiser Pal
lada stands almost repaired In the
drydock,
"Near the entrance of the harbor can
be Been the charred wrecks of the Jap
anese flreshlps. Aboard one of the
farthest out was found the body of a
Japanese officer who had shot him
self. Beside him lay a chart showing
the course of the flreships and the spot
where they sank.
The Russians are entirely confident of
success on land. The Manchurian vil
lagers are very friendly and bring big
supplies of fresh provisions to the mov
ing regiments, receiving cash payments
in Chinese currency. All available
mules have been bought by the com
missary and enormous herds of cattle
are visible, being driven in from the
interior.
CHEFU, March 18.— The launch Nig
ger arrived here to-day from Port Ar
thur. Her captain reports that with
special permission he left Port Arthur
on the morning of March 16. Owing to
heavy weather he took shelter near a
small island midway between Chefu
and Port Arthur. There he met two
Japanese torpedo-boats. The Japanese
searched the launch thoroughly, and
all his papers and letters were closely
scrutinized. Finding nothing to confis
cate they allowed thff launch to pro
ceed. One of the passengers on the
launch says that during his journey
from Harbin to Port Arthur he noticed
great activity at the stations of Muk
den, Lanyang and Haichen. The Rus
sians were sending reinforcements un
der picked officers to the Yalu.
He overheard in a train that the
Russian forces in Korea are estimated
at 99,000 men. No further movements
are planned before General Kuropat
kin's arrival.
RUSSIA DISPLEASED
AT CHINA'S ACTION
IN MOVING TROOPS
Citizens Are Now
Aotustomed to
Gunfire.
Feel Confident of
Success Under
Kuropatkin.
Russian Admiral
Is Unable to
Get Away.
Viceroy AlexiefF reported that Japanese infantry had reached Chlngcliong River and that a skirmash
took place a few miles from Anju. Marquig Ito visited the Korean Emperor. That his mission had a polit
ical object was again denied, but It was admitted his visit might havo Important consequences.
The sinking of the RusslanoruIserBoynrln by a Japanese mine wan confirmed In n dispatch from St.
Petersburg. The Russian Admiralty has not received news of the loss of tho destroyer Skorrl.
The Russians, necordinjc to lute dispatches, intend to fortify tho east bank of tl»e Lino River.
- The Japanese Diet openetl in Tokio. "¦ The iwlitieal parties liuve agreed to unite in support of the
Government's financial programme.
Advices from Port Arthur minimize the damage done by Japanese shells.
The ilrst assault In force on tho Russian line west of Port Arthur practically has begun.. r.
Advices from -Kobe confirm, the report that Togo's scouts prevented the escape of Admiral Makaroff.
from Tort Arthur on the night of March 10. lie is still at Port Arthur and .unable to join tho Vladi
vostok squadron. ' <
It is estimated that Russia has 99,000 men in Korea awaiting the arrival of General Kuropatkln.
FRANCO-ENGLISH
"ENTENTE" GIVES
CHEER TO RUSSIA
JAPANESE STILL
HOLD MAKAROFF
AT. PORT ARTHUR
GENERAL ASPECT
OF PORT ARTHUR
IS NOT CHANGED
RUSSIAN FORCES
IN KOREA AWAIT
NEW COMMANDER
SUMMARY OF THE LATEST WAR NEWS
RUSSIA WILL NOT MOVE UNTIL KUROPATKIN IS IN CHARGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1004.
Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protrudim,PUe»/
Your drutrgist will refund money If Paio
Ointment falls to cuie you in 6 to 14 toa. SOc*
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
Cleveland Celebrates Birthday.
PRINCETON, N. J., March 18.—
Groyer Cleveland to r day quietly ob
served his sixty-seventh birthday at
home; , '•¦...'•..... - ' ._..'¦
ST. LOUIS, March 18.— Assistant
Prosecuting Attorney Dalton to-day
refused to issue a warrant against
John' T. Klely, son of, the Chief of Po
lice. . charging him with murder or
manslaughter. Klely was ¦ arrested
several days ago on a charge of shoot-
Ing and killing City Sanitary Inspect
or Silence and released on $5000
bonds. ' . ¦¦¦
Refuses Warrant for Kiely.
DENVER, March 18.— Information
was received at the office of, the St.
Louis World's Fair Board of Colorado
to-day that the order requiring ¦. cattle
exhibited at the St. Louis Fair' to be
halter broke- has been rescinded. This
will permit exhibition of range cattle.
2
GrtEE.YBERG & GREENBERG.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All Humors
Are impure matters which the skin,
liver, kidneys and other organs
cannot take care of without help,
there is such an accumulation of
them.
They litter the whole system.
Pimples, boils, eczema and other
eruptions, loss of appetite, that tired
feeling, bilious turns, fits of indiges-
tion, dull headaches and many other
troubles ?.re due to them.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Remove all humors, overcome all
their effects, strengthen, tone and
invigorate the whole system.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed
an request. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell. Mass.
We Save You I
One-Half. 9
If you will go ea3t with the 1
Burlington Overland Excursions i
we will save you one-half of I
your sleeping car expense. These |
excursions leave California If
every week and go east thro' |
Salt Lake City and Denver, pass- I
ing the incomparably grand [
scenery of the Rocky- Mountains n
by daylight. ||
Double berths, comfortable for two, D
cost only $6.50 to St. Louis and $7X0 to B
Chicago— Just half the cost of berths la fj
the palace cars. The tourist cars are clean ¦
ami comfortable, have the same quality H
of bed linen and blankets, lacking only h
the expensive finish of the palace cars. «
If you go with the Burlington Kxcur- E
Mons you will also save about $10 In rail- H
road fare. is
If this savins; Is worth while to you. if
just send me a postal card showing your ¦
name, address and destination. fl
W. D. SAN BORN, . ff
General Agent Burlington Route, fl
63 1 Market St., San Francisco, fl
S10 Telephone, Main 1188. ||
Always. Remember the Full Name
| ir axa&ve gromo Qpnme
Cures a Cold in Oca Day, Crtpm 2 Days
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
BELT SALE
...TO-DAY...
2^1* I * 7 ° r latcst designed
I Ladies' Black Crushed
Patent Leather Belts, worth 40c
O^p J For Ladies' Soft Crush-
J^lllLAed Leather Belts, in
colors white, tan, black, red and
gray* Worth SOc
For Ladies' Crushed
' Leather Belts, in black
and red, in fine quality, worth
75c
£ £T r\ For Ladies' Extra Fine
U^° I Crushed Leather Belts,
in brown, black, white and red,
worth $*.O0. • J'-,
Other Belts up to $5.00
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
31, 33, 35 and 37 GRANT AYE.,
Cor. Geary St.COIXMBUS. Ohio. March 18.— The Inde
pendent Window . Glass Company to-day de
cided upon a ft per cent ' advance In lh» prio*
or window class, J__ ;
SALT LAKE, .March 18.— Melanka
Narancic, a Greek, was arrested, at
Stockton, Utah,- charged with com
mitting four murders, two of them in
Chicago. Narancic Is said to ' have
killed his sweetheart in Austria four
years ago, his brother-in-law in
Greece two years ago and. two men in
Chicago, one three years ago and the
other five months ago.
Charged With Four M orders.
PORTLAND, Ore., March 18. — The
Federal Grand Jury, which has again
taken up the matter of land frauds
in the State, has returned an indict
ment against several people con
cerned In the business. The Identity
of the indicted parties la being closely
guarded. pending the arrest of sev
eral of those implicated.
Land Frauds Investigated.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 18. — The
Alaska Steamship Association to-day
agreed upon a schedule of passenger
rates to Nome and the Klondike for
the season of 1904 as^follows: Nome,
first-class, upper deck, $100; main deck,
175; intermediate, $65; steerage, $40. To
Klondike, first-class, $70; from Klon
dike, $100. The freight rates to either
district remain practically the same as
last year.
Rates to N'ome Changed.
Wason Crushes Child to Death.
RENO. Xev.. March 18. — Xita. the
five-year-old daughter of W. C. Nea
sham, a rancher Hying near this city.
was crushed to death to-day by being
run over by a wagon driven by her
father. The little one was riding with
Neasham when a sudden jolt of the
wagon threw her under the wheels.
SAN DIEGO, March 18. — A sequel
to one of the most remarkable crimi
nal cases ever tried in this county was
disclosed to-day when Public Admin
istrator P. J. Layne. guardian of the
person and estate of Attorney James S.
Callen, now insane at the Highland
asylum, in searching through his
ward's desk came upon a package of
jewelry done up in a silk handker
chief. There were twenty-eight pieces
of jewelry, some worth upward of $100
apiece. A note written by the attor
ney inside the package Informed the
finder that the jewels were the prop
erty of W. II. H. Stowell and must
be returned at the proper time, with
the understanding that they be not
used as evidence. Mr. Stowell was
out here from New York and while
his trunks were at the Santa Fe depot
they were broken open by H. R. Hall,
the night telegraph operator, and his
wife and Jewelry was taken. Some of
it was recovered, at least enough to
convict the prisoners, but most of it
was never found until to-day. . After
being convicted the Halls were sen
tenced to fourteen years each in the
penitentiary, but while their appeal
•was pending they escaped from the
County Jail. with a cattle thief named
Brooks and have never been definitely
located? Callen went insane soon after
the Halls escaped and it is but now
that his effects are being examined
by his guardian under order of court.
JEWELS STOLEN BY
HALLS ARE RECOVERED
SANTA CRUZ, March 18. — Theo
dore Wust. a prominent mer
chant at Soquel, died last night at
San Jose from an operation for ap
pendicitis. He was a linguist and a
scholar of great ability.
SoqucI Merchant Passes Away.
English Sculptor Dies.
LONDON. March 18. — David Wat
son Stevenson, the sculptor, died at
Kdinburgh to-day. He was born in
1S42.
JANESVILLE, Wis., March 18.— Allen
P. Lovejoy, whose wealth is estimated
at several million dollars, was found
dead in bed to-day. Lovejoy, who was
79 years of age. had large lumber inter
ests in Oregon, California and "Wiscon
sin.
Millionaire Found Dead.
Bard again assured him that his can
didacy could not affect their status as
friends. In discussing the situation in
Ventura it was made evident by both
.men that an expression of the people
of that county meant much to them.
The Perkins bill to establish a fog
signal at Quarry Point, Angel Island,
bay of San Francisco, at a cost not to
exceed $12,000, passed the Senate to-day.
At an interview to-day Oxnard went
over much the same ground, and of
fered a New York interview as an ex
planation of his recent active opera
tions in the southern counties.
Oxnard pressed the question then, as
he does now. He asked Bard if it would
affect their positions of friendship if he,
Oxnard, should be a candidate, and
Bard replied that it would not or could
not — his attitude being known, he rec
ognized the right of any man to be
come a candidate. Bard at that time
accepted an invitation to dine with
Oxnard. and at the dinner Oxnard put
this question: "As you will not be an
avowed candidate, would you. In case
I became a candidate, do what you
can to help me?"
Bard replied that he could make no
such promise so long as he remained
even a passive candidate. He would be
compelled, he said, to say the same to
any other friend who might announce
himself.
Oxnard. who is announced as in the
race for the toga now worn by Thomas
R. Bard, called upon the Senator at the
latter's committee-room this afternoon,
and the two frankly discussed the situ
ation. When Bard returned from Eu
rope some months ago Oxnard called
upon him at his hotel in New York and
asked him if he wa«? to be a candidate
for re-election, and Bard said then, as
he does now, that he would not offer
himself as a candidate, but would be
pleased to serve if elected.
OXXARD WANTS THE TOGA.
Capitalist Meets Senator Bard and
DIscns«e« Situation.
WASHINGTON. March IS.— Henry T
O'Neill was a man of great force
and of fine integrity. His business
ventures were successful and he en
joyed the close friendship of many.
He came from a family of paper
makers, his grandfather and father
having owned and operated concerns
in this country and Ireland. In 1878
he and his brother, Frank O'Neill,
established the South Coast Paper
Mills at this place and in 1S90 the
brothers were associated with C. W.
Callaghan in starting the Lebanon
Paper Mills at Lebanon, Or. At the
time of his death O'Neill was a direc
tor of the Union Pulp and Paper Com
pany of San Francisco.
SOQUEL, • March 18. — Edward
O'Neill one of the veteran paper man
ufacturers of the Pacific Coast, died
here to-day. O'Neill had not been in
good health for some time and two
months ago he came down from Al
bany, Or., believing that a change of
climate would restore him. He leaves
a widow and a son, who has been his
business associate.
Death Claims a Well Known Paciac
Coast Manufacturer.
VETERAN PAPER MAKER DIES.
ASTORIA. Ore.. March IS.— The in
vestigation into the death of Miss Hilda
Willen, who was shot and killed by
the son of Police Commissioner W. J.
Cook Wednesday evening, has devel
oped into a most interesting case, on
one side of which are arrayed the
Finnish residents of the city and on
the other side the English speaking
population. All sorts of rumors have
been current since Coroner Pohl com
menced the investigation, and to-night
it was stated the Finns would make
an effort to lynch the lad. They dis
claimed any such intention. A score
of witnesses were examined to-day,
among them the physicians employed
by the Finns to hold an autopsy. The
doctors made an examination to de
termine whether or not the girl had
been criminally assaulted prior to the
time of her death, but there was no
evidence of violence. The investiga
tion will be continued on Monday, as it
w ill be necessary for the prosecution to
bring witnesses from a distance. The
extremes to which the Finnish people
have gone in their effort to secure full
investigation have aroused much feel-
Ing, and racial lines were never be
fore so sharply drawn here.
Finnish Residents and English Speak
ing People Bitter Partisans Over
Cook Charge*.
MURDEK CASE STIRS ILL
FEELING IX ASTORIA
LONDON, March 19.— After a series j
of maneuvers off Portsmouth, which j
were In some quarters held to have*)
demonstrated that submarine torpedo
boats had come very near In some re
spects to revolutionizing naval warfare,
there is this morning recorded a ter- j
rible disaster, by which what here Is j
regarded as the most perfected type of j
these vessels in the world has baen lost i
with all hands.
This is the submarine boat known in
the British navy as No. Al. a craft of
nearly 200 tons, almost double the size
of the original type of the Holland j
submarine boat built for the British
navy. Great things had been expected
of No. Al. which was said to be In
many respects an Improvement on the
earlier type, but as a matter' of fact •
during the later Portsmouth maneuvers !
smaller boats proved more successful. ;
Details of the accident did not reach I
London till a late hour. When they j
came they were found to be dramatic
indeed.
The submarine was lying beneath the j
surface of the sea. waiting for a battle
ship, when she was struck by a Donald
Currle liner. The liner passed on and
reported that the had struck a torpedo. '
Investigation, however, proved that the
supposed torpedo was the submarine
boat No. AL
The wrecked vessel lies within a half
mile of the Nab lightship off Hem
bridge, Isle of Wight, in seven fath
oms of water. She took with her to
the bottom Lieutenant Loftus Charles
Ogllvy Mansergh, who was in com
mand and who was eenior of the lieu
tenants engaged in submarine work;
Sub-Lieutenant John Preston Churchill
and nine petty officers and seamen.
Eleven in all were lost.
The vessel has always been a bad
diver, in fact the worst in the whole
British submarine flotilla, although she
was built upon the most improved
model and was the newest of the fleet.
The name of the liner which struck
the submarine boat is the Berwick
Castle, from East London. South
Africa. The loss. of the boat was not
known for several hours after the liner
had reported to the maneuvering fleet
that she had struck a torpedo. Tht
officers of the liner say that they saw
a glittering torpedo-like shape in the
water and it is supposed therefore that
the submarine boat rose Just before
she was struck. The officers of the
fleet did not suppose for a moment
that the submarine had been struck
and continued operations, expecting
that vessel to reappear at some other
point. . Finally a search was made and
the breaking of the waves revealed the
presence of the submarine boat.
There is no doubt that all the mem
bers of the crew died in the steel tube.
It is thought that the Berwick Castle
in striking upset the trim of 'the boat
and spilled the gasoline in the tanks
rendering her helpless. The crew was
battened down and must have met
death from suffocation in the absence
of air and"" owing to the fumes.
SUBMARINE BOAT, "Al." PRIDE
OF THE BRITISH NAVY. SUNK
BY LINER.
The cards arc out for the wedding
of pretty Miss Burdse of Oakland and
Bernard, Pacheco Miller, the populaz
attorney of the city over the bay. The
nuptials will take place Just after Lent
at Arbor Villa, the palatial home, of
Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
Alaskan tribe— Mrs. "W. A. Dcane. Mrs. Er
nest Leigh, Mrs. Kate Water*. Miss Lottie
Holmes, Miss Myrtle Chance. Miss Ftederieka
Gomez, papocse*; Frank Gomez, Valentin*
Dean, Alice Gomez. Marlatte Gomez. Amy
Raiscn. Leila Raisch and Jack Ralsch.
Kiowa Tribe — Mrs. Ccrnwall. Mrs. Looslejr.
Mrs. Freeman. " Mrs. Buckingham. ' Mrs. Blr
ir.irgham and Ml?s Smith.
Xavajo Tribe— Moon In Face Mrs. G. Law
Smith. .;.3
Tea, cakes and candies were dis
pensed during the afternoon and even
ing, and oh, such stupendous surprises
in the way r of dances, croons and cere
monies. To-day and to-night the melo
dramatic Lo will hold forth at the cere
monial house. 2226 Jackson street— and
all are welcome — at the usual tax. And
the homeless dogs and erring cats will
thereby be the gainers.
Peacefully the Sioux dwelt beside
their hereditary foes, the Kiowas, the
former represented by the following
named:
Miss Ellrcbeth Kdwards. Mls« A. Edwards.
Miss Helen liesa, Mrs. S. P. Walsh and Miss
V. C. Drlffleld.
A. J. Mocre. Miss D. C. Drlffleld. Mrs. A.
C Freeman, Mrs. WIna Stanley. Mrs. Bailey.
C C Lord. Mrs. W". A. Deane. Mls» Donnelly.
Mrs. Blenefeld. Miss Maud Smith. Mrs. A. W.
ijcott Mrs Joseph Manuel Martin. Mrs. Arthur
Cornwall. Mrs. V. S. Bradley and Miss Els*
Everdicg.
The handsome home of Mrs. Smith
was a stupendous joy to the basketry*
and blanket lovers, those who recog
nize in them the earliest and by far
not the meanest art in America.
Among those who lent their treas
ures to Mrs. Smith's splendid collec
tion were:
Baskets there aVe from the puny
tribes of basket makers on the coast.
the Pomos giving generously of their
precious store. So, too, the Kllckitat
gave a bit of dextrous workmanship,
a papoose basket that bears the proud
distinction of having held and coddled
the babes of four generations. This
evidence of industry is the property of
the stunning Indian maid of the bunch
last evening, Mrs. Arthur Cornwall,
who looked the part of Wawona with
her heavy black hair falling loosely
over her fine shoulders.
Then there was Mrs. George Law-
Smith, the hestess. who looked a hand
some squaw of tremendous dignity; but
it must be confessed by an unpreju
diced observer that she is indisputably
handsomer as a Colonial Dame than
as a Navajo princess. Then there were
Indian maids, whose social proclivities
had been enormously developed under
the tepee regime, who received with
the sang froid of their stoic ancestors,
save when they saw a quarter in sight.
They grew busy to Win it by clever
cajoling, and who could resist the wiles
of dusky Sybil, who could forecast the
future with all its hopes and fears?
"Sybil? Who?" Why, she it is whom
we know in clubdom as Mrs. Bucking
ham, and a mystical syren she made,
likewise many dollars.
Mrs. John Loosley created quite a
panic in the afternoon by appearing
in the garments of a Piute squaw, with
her dusky papoose hitched to her head
in its basket, as becomes every down
to-date Indian matron.
Mrs. Ernest A- Leigh as Anona was
a bewitching maiden, but her color was
a trifle pale f or a Klickatat. - \;^
and the diabolical youth no longer
linger In their memories as emissaries
of the evil one. For be it known that
the animals' refuge, with Miss Maud
Smith president, has grown richer by
many dollars since yesternight's pass
ing, and there's more coming to-day
and to-night at the Indian tea at 2225
Jackson street. Indians revivified?
Well, you'd think so if on ringing the
doorbell you were greeted dumbly by
an earthen colored maid of the plains,
clad in aboriginal robes, beaded and
caparisoned, and leading you nilly
willy into an amazing Indian court,
where baskets, blankets and plaque3
cover the walls and overflow profusely
upon the floor, whfere hosts of maid
ens crouch about. / 4..-
Well may the vagabond dog and the
errant cat congratulate themselves
that now the day is nigh when they
may look forward to a "refuge" in
their old age, or even in their infirm
ities, -where the pitiless poundman
By Sally Sharp.
The funeral services will be held to
morrow morning at 11 o'clock from the
late residence. Rev. C. R. Brown and
Rev. J. K. McLean will officiate.
She leaves three children, Joseph P.
Cooko of Honolulu, Miss Grace M.
Cooke and William G. Cooke, both of
the latter of this city.
OAKLAND. March IS.— Mrs. Harriet
E. Cooke died at a late hour last night
at her home. 1227 Linden street, after
a long and useful life. She was 62 years
of age.
She has been for a number of years
interested in the work of the Fablola
Hospital and endowed the "Dottie
Cooke Cottage" at that institution.
She served for some years upon the
board of managers of that institution
and did much for its advancement. She
resided in Oakland for nearly twenty
years prior to her death and was the
widow of the late Joseph P. Cooke of
the Hawaiian Islands.
OLD AGE ENDS
LIFE DEVOTED
TO GOOD'DEEDS
INDIAN TEA IS
GIVEN BY SMART
CLUB WOMEN
Mr. Cornwall also admitted that rep
resentatives of the Northern Pacific
Company are here for the purpose of
closing the deal.
During the week representatives of
both interests have been holding daily
conferences in the offices of Manager
Taylor in the Mills building, but up lo
a !ate hour yesterday a sale had not
been effected, although President Corn
wall, in re'spons? to a query, admitted
that a deal was on and added:
"I would not like to make any definite
statement at this time, for frequently
such statements greatly interfere with
the compleion of big transactions."
J. J. Donovan of Whatcom, general
superintendent, and William Howard,
attorney o* the Bellinsham Bay and
British Columbia Railroad Company,
have been in this city for several days
conferring with D. O. Mills of New
York. P. B. Cornwall and other stock
holders of the company with regard to
the sale of the road to the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company.
P. B. Cornwall, who is president of
the company, and Banker Mills own
the contro"ingr interest m th? corpora
tion. They were recently considering
a proposition to extend the company's
line across the Cascade Mountains to
Spokane, with a view of making con
nections with the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company's road, which is
owned by the Harriman syndicate, but
while this project was being held m
abeyance under instructions from D. O.
Mills, it is reported that the Northern
Pacific Company secured an option on
the property and a meeting was finally
arranged t<> be held in this city for
the convenience of Mr. Mills, who
journeyed westward a bit earlier than
he is accustomed to in order to be
present.
Deal Is Being Discussed
in the Montgomery Street
Offices of Eastern Banker
MEETING IS HELD HERE
During Maneuvers Off Portsmouth While Craft. Is Rest
ing Beneath Waves She Is Struck by a Liner and With
Her Complement of Eleven Brave Men Sentto the Bottom
Distributes Robinson Bequest Fund.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday began the
distribution of the interest of the Rob
inson bequest fund in accordance w'th
the new plan inaugurated by resolu
tion of the Board of Supervisors. The
sum of $1960 was paid out to various
charitable societies designated as bene
ficiaries of the fund.
* WASHINGTON. March IS.-New
postofflce established at Vacation, So
noma County: Carrie B. Cnopius. post
mistress. . •
. Surrey R- Jones. San Francisco, ap
pointed clerk at Fort Lapwal Indian
School, Idaho.
War Department orders: Major John
E Baxter, quartermaster, having re
ported on arrival at San Francisco In
compliance with orders heretofore Is
sued, will proceed to and take station
at Boston and assume charge under di
rection of the quartermaster general of
construction work at Fort Warren,
Fort Strong, Fort Banks. Fort Revere.
Fort Andrews and Fort Standlsh, Mass.
Major Webster Vinson. paymaster,
when no longer needed as witness be
fore the general court-martial at San
Francisco will repair to this city and
report to the paymaster general for
duty.
Postodce and Issue Army
Order*.
Federal Departments Establish a New
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Letters of administration upon tha
estate cf the late Palagia Mar'.e Krzy
zanow3ki were granted the Public
Administrator by Judge Kerrigan yes
terday aftemccn. The case has been
dragging in the courts for some time
and has attracted considerable atten
tion on account of certain allegations of
fraud, mismanagement and conspiracy.
The executor of the estate was re
moved some months ago. and in giving
the administratorship to Public Admin
istrator Hynes the Judge stated that
sufficient evidence had been produced
before hlm\n the shape of records of
other courts to warrant him in mak
ing an investigation.
The case has assumed many aspects.
The deceased willed her property to one
Charles Rickman. who is represented
by Attorney G. W. Parry- The amount
involred was but $23,000. and Rickman
was named executor. Then one Marie
Nightengale came to the front and pro
claimed herself a daughter of the de
ceased and asked for a division of the
estate. She was represented by Attor
neys Nagle & Nagle, but just, before th»
case went to the jury it was compro
mised and Marie was given J10.000. Tha
Public Administrator will contest this
on the ground that while Judge Troutt
gave the order for drawing that
amount of money from the banks, he
did not designate to whom it should be
paid.
Now comes Aloyxy Sylvester Borow
ski. a resident of Austria, who claims
that he was a nephew of. the deceased
and her only living relative. He is rep
resented by Pence & Golla. A discus
sion arose yesterday afternoon as to
the method of proving hl3 relationship,
but the Judge decided that It should be
done by deposition rather than by a
bill of particulars. Rickman has now
combined forces with Miss Nightengale
in opposing both the appointment of
the Public Administrator and, the In
troduction of Borowski into the matter,
and the fight promises to be a lively
one when it comes to an Issue.
Attorney Kickey. for the Pub
lic- Administrator, in asking for
letters upon the estate quoted
from the records, in which it wa3 al
leged by one party or another that
Rickman had been conspiring to secure
mest of the estate and that he had
paid out exorbitant sums of money use
lessly. One of the items was a funeral
bill for O200. but Rickman says he op
posed the payment of this. Attorney
Parry *° T Rickman offered an Itemized
statement of all money expended, and
said that all expenditures had been au
thorized by the court.
Case Assumes 3Iany Com
plications. Owing to Money
Matter and New Claimants
The action of the Commissioners in
removing the Starr King statue from
an obscure place to a conspicuous posi
tion in Golden Gate Park has been, gen
erally commended. Among the com
munications read yesterday was one
from George H. Thomas Post. G. A. R-.
thanking the commission for bringing
the monument to view.
C. P. Wilcomb, curator of the Golden
Gate Park Museum, has made a dona
tion to the institution of his own col
lection, embracing 813 objects of nat
ural history-
A loan collection representing good
work of local painters and sculptors
has been placed, in the Memorial Mu
seum. Commissioner Altman was
thanked by the board for his enter
prise in this field.
Commissioners Spreckels, Dlngee.
Altman and Sullivan were not con
vinced that the board had the right un
der the city charter to grant the Tem
plar petition. They promised to take
the subject under advisement and re
port their findings later on.
An impressive delegation consisting
of Judge W. W. Morrow of the United
States court. Judge John Hunt of the
Superior Court of California and Henry
Kowalsky, a friend of both courts,
waited on the Park Commissioners In
reference to the proposed Hall McAllis
ter statue. In brief and lucid fashion
Judge Hunt explained that $3600 had
been raised to erect the monument, and
suggested that a site on McAllister
street near City Hall avenue be desig
nated by the board. The designer of
the statue, the well known, sculptor,
Robert Aitken. accompanied the dele
gation and produced the design in min
iature drawing. In the reproduction
of the proposed carved inscription only
two errors in spelling were noted by
the Commissioners, but the inscription
is brief and the words are not pon
derous. Originality Is also one of the
features of the design. Commissioner
Altman, the artist member'of the com
mission, paid a tribute to the beauty
of the design and, the eminence of the
sculptor. On motion of Commissioner
Sullivan a site on McAllister street at
City Hall avenue was granted.
To-day Mr. Altman and Mr. Aitken
will view the premises and decide upon
the exact spot' for the statue. The
figure. 7 feet 9 inches high, will rest
on a base eight feet high.
The Board of Park Commissioners
met yesterdey afternoon at the office
of A. B. Spreckels, president of the
commission. W. H. Jordan. Wallace C.
Wise and T. P. Ross, from the execu
tive committee of the Knights Templar
Triennial Conclave, asked permission
to construct a platform and erect a
booth thereon in Union square, adja
cent to the sidewalk on Post street. It
was said by Jordan that the Knights
Templar of California contemplated a
liberal distribution of souvenirs to
Eastern visitors. The gifts will consist
of wine, flowers and fruit. Perhaps 40.
000 pint bottles of California wine, each
bottle of Itself a thing bf beauty and a
joy forever, will be donated to the ap
preciative visitors to the Golden Gate.
At the proposed pagoda in Union
square the souvenirs will be distributed
to those only who may be entitled to
receive the gift*. A guard of honor
from the Knights Templar commanda
ries will be on duty day and night at
the plaza, and these knights will pro
tect the palms and preserve the lawns
from infidel invasion.
Member of Commission and
Bobert Aitken to Select a
Site on City Hall Avenue
STATUE FOE McALLISTER
Knights Templar Ask Board
of Park Commissioners for
Privileges in Union Square
COXSPIBACY IS ALLEGED
Krzyzanowski Matter Taken
Into Kerrigan's Court and
the First Hearing Is Had
I^ake City .May Iaj^c the Republican
National Competition.
v;aSHINGTOX. March 1«. — Chicago
is giving the Republican national
committee trouble about a guarantee
cf $75,«>X) for the convention. Not even
the first installment of $15,000, which
was asked for long before Senator
H.tr.na died, has yet been paid. Matters
have reached a critical stage. Some of
the expenses of the committee on ar
rangements have not beep paid.
Two days ago an ultimatum was sent
directing a deposit of several thou
fand dollars in the Security and Trust
Company of Chicago at once subject to
a check of the committee of arrange
ments, and to notify the committee of-
Qcialfl here by return maiL Members of
ti# national committee are now await
ing a reply. No one of the committee
is yet ready to predict that the con
vention will be taken away from Chi
eago. but unless the money Is forth-
C"minjr the national committee will un
doubtedly be called together to con-
Eider the situation and decide what
sh'^uli be done.
J. Hampton Moore of Philadelphia.
r.r^:?ident of the National League of
Republican Clubs, was in Washington
t>-day and saw Senator Quay. Moore
f ?.s an advocate of holding the Re
publican convention at Pitlsburg and
? xjressed the opinion that Pittsburg
rr.icht get the convention after alL
The first Republican national'conven
tion was held there fifty years ago.
WASHINGTON*. March 1«.— Senator
Platt Ui-day definitely decided to con
test with Governor Odeil for control
of the Republican State convention and
fight for the re-election of Colonel Ci.
TV. Dur.n as chairman of the State
Committee. He said this afternoon to
a. Cal! correspondent: "The war is on."
Then he issued & cai! to arm? to his
fr.ords an-, arked a*.i who were ready
to help hi:n in the figrht to meet him
in New Yr.rk City to-morrtnv nieht and
devise ways and means of wiping cut
the great advantage which months of
preparation have riven Governor OdelL
He will oppose the election of Gover
nor Odeil as State chairman and" at
:h<» proper tirr.e will give his reasons.
It is to he a straight out tight be
tween an o!<j and new boss. Thus far
the administration :s not involved. Ef
forts have bcx?r> mad** by both factions
to involve the Prpsidrnt. and It is one
uf the few things about which Mr.
Roosevelt declines to express an opin
ion. He has b<?en using his influence
to prevent ar.y fight at all, and this has
been exerted in the direction cf hav
ing the Governor so conduct himself
that Platt would not be forced to fight
cut of self-respect and of having the
Senator keep peace no matter what
Ode!l might decide to <lo with the ma
chine. But since these two men, both
cf undoubted pclitlca* experience, are
to try conclusions the President will
stand eside and watch the fur £y with
•;o little anxiety for the party's welfare.
•
CHICAGO'S BOXUS NOT PAID.
President Has IMrained
From Taking Part in Row
and Will Keep Hands Off
koosevelt a spectator
Xew York Senator Gives
Challenge to Udell to Fight
for Control of the State
Secures an Option on the!
Bellingham Bay Compan.vs j
Short Line in the Xortb j
HILL IS AFTER
MILLS' RAILWAY
ADMINISTRATOR
IS APPOINTED
DISTRIBUTION
OF SOUVENIRS
IN SUDDEN AND AWFUL FASHION DEATH
CLAIMS CREW OF A SUBMARINE BOAT
"WAR IS ON,"
SAYS PLATT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1904.
3
ADVEBTISEJIENTS.
The wet weather prevented
so many of our patrons from
availing themselves of our
remarkable reductions that
we shall continue the An-
nual Clearance * Sale until
the end of the month.
W&J.SLOANE6iCa
•FURNITURE ' CARPETJ • RUGtf - DRAPEWEJ-
114-122 POST STREET
Soaethars we are greeted in the
irorrisg by fiags st half-mast for 6Oine
If prominent cficial who yesterday
\ Tras apparently in perfect health.
\ "When* we inqrire the • ailment by
\ -which he ¦was stricken it is not on-
\ cctrmon to be told 'acute irdiges-
¦ | tioa " or trouble."
I 1 It is tirae people learned Ibat iu-
I digestion or any fom of
• B&w. "stomach trouble" is not a
j thing to trifle vrith. The
' l^tjjSs^. result sit set b? fata!.
li&i&^&gX cenci'ion of diseased ;
¦ C^^P^^^ Etcmach Trbich oo*s
«^/***S^^» -ot carry with it phvs-
I^J^^^^^W ical Iocs end weakness.
' )^^^^V»w^? ® T - p * ffrce ' s Golden
j^^^^^jW^ Medical Discovery
' caTS indigestion and
; *^^^ ether f onns of disease
• tv^i a -^ cc t^ n ? e stoisach
/Jvtr and its allied organs c!
J^Jvf digestion and nutrition.
| A^^ It enables the perfect dsges-
\&y' tion and assimilation of
\K "Th»nlt» to Dr. Pierce's Gclder
JfTtiical Disccrrrry." writrs Mr,
V Charlcn H. G«Taan, of Lchigfcton.
Pa. "It is the only ta«t:cine that
has doae cjc ary gtaod. I tried er»ry-
tlncg I could tluck of to care icdiges-
• J tioa. cud focod I was only throwing
¦war isoacy. Tfcrs I heard of Doctor
Pierse's Goldra Medical Discovery and tried x
boti'.e cf it. and to srv joy fctsS iflrras doing
1 or good. I used six bottle* cf it. and an cow
cored. It is the best medicine on earth.*
This grand remedy does its work fn
a. thorough inanner; it gives the
health that is all healUi ; the str»-!gtli
tbzt is solid, substantial and lasting;
cot fiibby fat, not false Etiranlns, Irct
Pennine, complete, renewed vitality and
lL"e force-
Accept no sebstitcte for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing "just
cs good" for <**<&***« of the ctornacb,
blood snd lnngs.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure can-
stipstion and its consequences.
Schilling's Best means
us bmk:r.(-paw^v (pica
oeOmm tzryr.r.% extract* ' sod*
of good-enough quality at fair
DE. FIEBCZ'S EE2IEDIZS.WASHINGTON, March 18. — The
President has issued an executive or
der applying civil service rules to. the
service of the War Department in the
Philippines and also classifying em
ployes • in that service specially com
mended. ' '.'.¦ , '. '-¦
Civil Service in Philippines.
I The' Supreme Court yesterday > re
fused.; to 'set aside; ,thef assessment
placed' upon" the" property of- the- La
Grange Hydraulic Gold? Mining Com
pany by the officials of Trinity County.
The plaintiffs . thought that' their taxes
were ¦ tod ) great and made a hard fight
I or a : reduction.' '¦" -V
.' It 'was also decided that P.* N.
Blankenship has'a perpetual right to
use an irrigating ditch' on the r land ot
Samuel Whaley in Sacramento County.
Supreme. Court Ends Disputes.
NEW YORK, March 18. — It was
announced to-day that beginning with
April 2 five-* of the Cunard Line steiim
4hips plying between Boston and Medi
terranean ports will call at Fiume,
Hungary; for" passengers; 'arid ithere
after a fortnightly service will] be ob
served. - The rates have not yet : been
announced. V*! This fol
lows the subsidy, of ' $100,000 -granted
some months ago by .'Austria-- Hungary
to the Cunard Line, and it is believed
by steams Wp- men* that it wilr be' fol
lowed hy one of the . most desperate
steamship wars ever waged. x . ¦
Cunarders to Sail Oftcner.
NEW YORK, March 18.— The follow
ing Californians are 'registered here:
From San Francisco— B. Lleber and
Mrs. F. Lieber, at the Holland ; W. F.
Lawrence, at the Imperial.
From Los Angeles— R. B. Clapp, at
the Imperial; A.H. Heber, at the Hol
land. :
Californians In New. York.
S. J. Marsden, president of James
town Miners' Union No. 185; Albert'
SciaronI, member of the executive
committee, and Robert Garth, walking
delegate of the Tuolumne Miners'
Union, have been ordered to .appear
in the United States Circuit Court at
10 a. m. on Monday, March 28, to
show cause why they should not be
punished for contempt of court for
having disregarded, and violated the
restraining order issued by the court
on February 26, commanding them to
desist from the employes
and interfering with the property of
the Rawhide , Gold Mining Company:
The restraining order" was issued
upon a complaint and 'affidavit recit
ing, that, officers and members of the
miners' : unions mentioned had threat
ened the lives of employes infthe mine
and had conspired to ruin the/prop
erty because of the strike that had
been declared by the unions. ;
of Restraining Order. "
Officers of Jamestown and Tuolumne
Unions to Be Tried for Contempt
STRIKING MINERS CITED
TO APPEAR IN COURT
MIS^OULA, Mont., March 18.-^Louis
H. Mott was hanged at 6:08 o^clock
this morning for the murder, of his
wife. - Five minutes after the trap was
sprung he was pronounced dead. His
neck was broken.
Mott walked unassisted from the
jail to the enclosure in which the gal
lows had been erected. In a brief
speech under the gallows he . stated
his conviction had been brought about
through dishonest methods and, con
cluded by saying that he was willing
to give life for life. ; *--*Y".V'^V 5
That His Conviction Was Dis
honestly Obtained. '
Uxorcidc in Last Sjieech - Charges
WIFE MURDERER MOTT'S
LIFE ENDS OX GALLOWS
SIKESTON, Mo., March 18.— The Cor
oner's jury which has been investigat
ing the recent death of Harry Miller, a
bridegroom of a month, to-day held Dr.
Warren Smith guilty of having admin
istered morphine to Miller, which
caused his death, and held the widow,"
Mrs. Lydia Miller, as an accessory. No
motive Is shown. Both are held to the
Grand Jury, Dr. Smith in the sum of
$10,000 bond, which he furnished, and
Mrs: Miller under ?5000 bond, which
also was given. Mrs. Miller waived pre
liminary, hearing when arraigned.
Coroner's Jury Fixes Responsibility
for Murder of Harry i
Miller.
BRIDE AND PHYSICIAN
;¦;'¦"¦: ARE HELD FOR MURDER
A vessel drawing ten feet rises two
inches in passing from fresh water to
salt. _'>.;:.
1 George W. Rumble Accuses State Mln
' ernloglst of -Trying to Get Money
From Him.
George W. Rumble, the manager of
the Sunset Mining Company, who is
under indictment for fraudulent use of
the mails, filed a number of affidavits
j yesterday in Judge Sloss* court pur
| parting to show that he" is a man of
j probity. In an affidavit made by him
self he prefers charges against ; State
I Mineralogist Lewis ,G. Aubury and T.
J J. Fitzsimmons, editor of; the * Engin
' eeririg and Mining Review. ,' He says
that once Aubury solicited -a bribe
I fr.onv him and that\ Fitzsimmons of
- f ered ,to boom his 'mining. schemes in
j his, journal upon the payment of $150.
¦ Aubury and Fitzsimmons recently filed
'affidavits in ''the "same court in which
they aver that Rumble's reputation
for truth, honesty and integrity is
bad; • £i
I The affidavits are filed In connec
, tlon with Rumble's motion to : set
i aside a judgment for $600 obtained
I against him by George H. Folsom. ; He
' clalmsthaf the judgment was obtained
by unfair means.
CHARGES AUBURY WITH
SOLICITING A BRIBE
WASHINGTON. March 18. — The
following Californians are registered
here: J. W. Flynn of San Francisco,
at the Raleigh; William -E. Smith of
San Diego, at the New Willard.
Calif ornians in Washington.
INDIANAPOLIS. March IS.— The tell- i
ers to-day completed the count of the
votes of the miners on the proposition
to accept or reject the operators' offer
of a two years' wage scale, and an
nounced the result as follows: Total
vote cast. 165.S87; for accepting the
scale, 98,514; against the scale and in
favor of strike. 67,373; majority against
a strike, 31,141.
Secretary Wilson of the United Min
ers said a meeting of the joint sub
scale committee would Jn all probability
be called for Indianapolis next Monday,
when the scale would be signed for two
years' and arrangements would be made
for the next joint convention, to meet
two years hence.
Report That 165,887 Ballots Were
Cast nnd That of These 9S..114
Favored New Schedule.
TKLL.ERS COMPLETE TASK OF
COUNTING MINERS' VOTES
Burton Preparing Defense.
ST. LOUIS, March 18. — United
States Senator Burton of Kansas, who
Is to be placed on trial next Tuesday
in the United States District Court
here on a charge of having accepted
$2500 in fees from the Rialto Grain
and Securities Company, has for the
past week daily visited the Federal
building, looking over papers pertain
ing to the case and preparing his de
fense.
SNOW HILL. Md., March IS. — Dele
gate William G. Kerbin of Worcester
County, who has been pushing the
"Jim Crow" bill in the State Legisla
ture, has been boycotted by the ne
groes. Kerbin boards at a hotel here.
When he returned from Annapolis and
entered the dining-room he was in
formed that the colored cook had re
fused to prepare another meal for him.
Hungry and angry, he traveled to Bal
timore before obtaining food. His
colored laundress also has joined the
movement.
Xcgrocs Boycott Kerbin.
It is stated that .the scheme is to
make a grand highway from San Diego
to the Solano de Sonoma Mission pre
serving the original name of El Camino
Real. It is the purpose if possible also
to extend the road •through the Sacra
mento River Valley to the northern
limits of California.
This city's representation at the con
vention will be known as the San Fran
cisco Camino Real Committee, and will
consist of the following named repre
sentatives of various organizations:
General N. P. Chipman, president of
the State Board of Trade; Senator Jo
seph B. Knowland, president of the
Landmarks League; Vanderlynn Stow
of the Merchants' Association, Miss
Stella Finkledey, grand president of
the Native Daughters; H. R. Noble,
grand president of the Native Sons;
R- P. Jennings of the Promotion Com
mittee, Mrs. George Law Smith of the
California Federation of Women's
Clubs; Andrea Sbarboro, president of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation; F. A. Hyde of the Automo
bile Club, T. J. Parsons of the San
Francisco Board of Trade, Hugh Craig
.of the Chamber of Commerce, L. ,P.
Lowe of .the Automobile Club, H. H.
Varney of the Associated Cyclists, C.
G. Moore of the Chamber of Commerce
and William Babcock of the Merchants*
-Exchange.
A call for a State convention was
issued^ The convention will be held
in Santa Barbara April 19 and 20. . It
is intended that plans will be formed
at this gathering to awaken a more
general interest in the project and to
secure favorable legislation. Native
Sons, Native Daughters, Promotion
Committee, executive, judicial and leg
islative departments of the State gov
ernment, municipalities and civic bod
ies will all be represented at the con
vention.
A. number of representative citizens
met the Chamber of Commerce yester
day to discuss the matter of the re
habilitation and the extension of El
Camino Real. F. A. Hyde called the
meeting to. order and Introduced the
subject. Many of those present made
remarks and every speaker was strong
ly in favor of the proposed improvement.
It was decided to co-operate earnestly
with the others in different parts of
the State that are working with the
same object in view.
People Interested in the
.Rebuilding of El. Camino
Real Will Work Together
Mrs. McCoy took up the subject of
the minor and the saloon,, and an
nounced that she had seen the District
Attorney and Chief of Police Wittman
in regard to the enforcement of the law
on the matter. Mrs. McCoy told of the
influence of the saloon on newsboys,
and said it was her desire that the law
should be brought inta force, "making it
illegal for the youth* selling papers to
enter saloons.' {
Mrs. D. J. Spencer and Mrs. Lizzie
Ross Miller were among the speakers,
and Mrs. L. P. Williams led the devo
tions. Dr. A. C Avery was secretary
of the meeting.
"Temperance" was the subject which
was foremost in the discussions before
the executive board of the San Fran
cisco County Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union yesterdayl The body .met
at the First Baptist Church, Eddy
street. Mrs. Alice E. . Bradley, :tpresi
dent, was. in the chair, and all present
wore the white ribbon, the insignia of
the organization.
Reports from- various departments
showed a vast increase in the Interest
in the work and a growing knowledge
of the labor of the members.
Miss Louise Hollister, organizer and
lecturer /rom Illinois, grave it as her
opinion that, now Rev. Anna Shaw had
become president of the National Wom
an's Suffrage Association, there will be
a closer affiliation between the temper
ance and suffrage forces all through
the United States.
Th'e use of unfermented wine in the
sacraments was reported upon, and
Mrs. S. B. McCoy said the unfermented
wine was in use- in nearly all churches
in the city.
Temperance groceries was another
theme which engaged rapt attention,
and was discussed by Mrs. E. S. Cam
eron, Mrs. McCoy and Mrs. E. G. Hum
phrey. The trend of the argument was
toward using all influence toward the
patronage of temperance groceries in
lieu of the establishments where liquor
Is sold.
Presidential Aspirant Asks for Ap- j
polntment of Committee to In- j
vestigate Combinations. - I
WASHINGTON. March 18.— Repre- j
Bent&tire Hearst of New York to-day :
introduced a resolution providing for !
an investigation of the trust' question j
by a committee of five members of the !
House. The resolution contains ten j
clauses reciting the evil effects of trusts j
on the country, among them being thej
following: i
Sumfrous illecal combinations known as
trusts have been torav-d 10 aitrorb or eliminate
comj>etitjon and establish virtual monopolies ;
with a view to controlling production and !
raising the price of their products. :
Such extortionate trusts ae the boef trust j
and the coal trust and the ice trust have ar- j
bitrariJy jn<T-ea.«ed the cost of the necessities j
K>f life to t'ie public. I
Such Fr«culative trusts as the shipyards |
truft and the stf-»;l trust have inflated their j
stock to many tim«*s it? actual value and sold
it to the public, transferring- the people's j
money from banks and Ifgliirnate investments j
into the i>ockets of tract promoters and specu
lators.
Industrial ¦ unrpFt ha? been fomented by the'
iscreased cosrt of living and by the consequent
necersary effort? of !ab«-;r to make its wages
keep pace with the Increased cost of living.
Bach trusts as the steel trust, in spite of I
the increased con of living, have ruthlessly']
cut down the wapf s of hundreds cf thousand^ ,
of employes in order to pay dividends on xva.- ''¦
t^red stock, and other trusts have wholly col- j
lapsed, throwing hundreds of thousands of j
workmen out of e-mDloyiuent. !
The purchasing power of the community has
J>een diminished by the increasing demands of
the truFt*. by unsound and reprehensible meth
ods which have misled the people, swindled
thf m and robbed them of their savings.
All classes of the community are being made
to feel the evil influence of the unrestrained
treed and lawless practices of the trusts.
The committee is directed to inform
the House fully on the trust situation,
to the end that more effective laws
may be prepared and passed by Con
gress regulating and restricting com
binations. The committee is empow
ered to send for persons and papers. An
additional resolution states "that It Is
the sense of this House and it does rec
ommend that the laws already existing
against the trusts be in the meanwhile
enforced by the executive branch of
this -Government and the legal repre
sentatives thereof."
The resolutions -were referred to the
Committee on Rules.
TltrSTS AHE ATTACKED
IX HEARST'S lti:SOLUTIOX
PLAN TO HOLD
A CONVENTION
Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union Members Hear
, Arguments on Abstinence
NEW YORK, March 18. — It was de
cided to-day to disband the New Or
leans French Opera Company, the
members of which refused to sins' last
night,, claiming that their salaries were
overdue. The company began an en
gagement in this city on Monday, the
intention being to open in Paris after
a short run here. It was said that the
manager appealed to his Xew Orleans
subscribers for financial assistance, but
failing to secure It. he grave up the
engagement here. The company num
bered 280 people and has been heard
in many parts of the country.
Opera Company Disbands.
WHITE RIBBON
IS PROMINENT
When the Senate convened to-day]
Senator Foraker was approached by
the opponents of General Wood. It was
admitted then that the contest against
confirmation was lost and there was
nothing to be gained by carrying the i
case over to-day. An agreement there- ;
fore was reached whereby no more
speeches were to be made.
Dependent on ,the confirmation of
General Wood w"ere 167 promotions for
other army officers. These have been
held up since the nominations were
made by the President, but now will be
confirmed without opposition. They
include twenty colonels promoted to be
brigadier generals on the retired list
and one brigadier general on the active
list, and officers ranking from colonel
down to second lieutenant. .. All these
nominations, as well as that of Gen
eral Wood, were sent to the Senate at
the beginning of the special session in
November and lapsed when that ses
sion closed. They were sent to the Sen
ate immediately at the beginning of the
regular session.
A controversy arose as to whether
they were reappointments, and also as
to whether the promoted officers were
entitled to the rank and pay of the
grade to which they were nominated.
As all no doubt will be speedily con
firmed,' according to military authority,'
they will take rank and pay from the
time they were first appointed to fill
i vacancies. »
Senator Foraker moved to make the
vote public, and Senator Blackburn
moved to make public the testimony
had before the Committee on Military
Affairs. Publishing of the testimony
was voted down, and a general under
standing prevailed that the vote was to
be given out. v
Bacon, Berry, Blackburn, Clark of
Montana, Culberson, Gibson, Lattimer,
McCreary, McLaurin, Mallory, Martin,
Money, Newlands and Simmons, all
Democrats, and Kittridge and Scott,
Republicans.
Five Democratic Senators voted, with
the majority in favor ; of > confirmation.
They were Senators Cockrell and Pet
tus, members of the Military Affairs
Committee. ,and Senators Patterson,
Clarke of A^kansas\ and Dubois. The
negative vote on confirmation was as
follows: \ . . , "
WASHINGTON, March 18.— General
Leonard Wood was to-day confirmed to
be a major general by the Senate, the
vote being 45 to 16. The rank dates
from August S, 1903, the day President
Roosevelt made the promotion. The
contest against his confirmation began
on November 19, 1903, soon after Con
gress convened in special session, and
continued through the present session
until to-day.
When death removed Senator Hanna
from the opposers of General Wood
only two Republicans remained in the
minority. They were Senators Scott, a
member of the Military Affairs Com
mittee, who opposed the nomination
while It w'as pending in committee, and
Senator Kittridge.
WASHINGTON. March 18. — The
President to-day "signed the legislative,
executive and judicial appropriation
bill. This is the second of the big
supply bills to become a law.
Signs Second Supply Bill.
Senate After Long Contest
Confirms President's
Appointment
DISTINGUISHED MILITARY OFFI
CER WHOSE PROMOTION- HAS
BEEN CONFIRMED BY SENATE.
The steamboat measure provides for
separate compartments for white and
colored passengers, but there must be
no discrimination in the quality of ac
commodations.
BALTIMORE, Siarch 18. — Governor
Warfleld has approved the two so
called "Jim Crow" bills relating to
railroad and steamboat travel in the
State and the act will go into effect.
The railway bill requires companies to
provide separate coaches foV colored
passengers except in express trains
and trains with Pullman coaches at
tached. The provisions do not include
electric or streetcars.
Governor Approves Bill Providing
That Negroes Must Have Distinct
Traveling Apartments.
LAWS OF MAIIYIjAXD
DRAW THE COLOR LINE
Business failures in the United States
were 203, against 200 last week and 194
in 1903. In Canada failures for the
week number 17, against 27 last week
and 14 in this week a year ago.
Weather conditions are unfavorable
to the lumber trade at leading Eastern
markets, but prices are firm.
Wheat (including flour) exports for
the week ended March 17 aggregate
2,606,124 bushels, against 1,834,632 bush
els last week and 2,395,598 bushels in
this week last year.
The demand for woolen goods from
manufacturers' agents is reported dis
appointing, and wool sells more freely.
The backwardness of spring trade,
generally attributed to the almost un
interrupted bad Weather, tinges most
reports from distributive centers, but
several developments of the week have
been notably favorable. Chief among
these might be mentioned the arrival of
much-needed moisture, in the critically
situated Southwestern wheat belt, the
continued improvement in the iron and
steel trade and the decision of the
bituminous coal miners not to strike
against proposed reductions of wages.
Liquidation in the cereal markets and
In cotton, accompanied by sharp price
breaks, is also generally construed as
allowing of improvement of the actual
consumptive demand. The railway sit
uation shows a gain.
The recent heavy rains on the Pacific
Coast, while damaging because of large
areas inundated in the San Joaquin and
Sacramento valleys, have done much
good in California as a whole.
The improvement noted in iron and
steel has progressed still further.
Rather more unrest is, noted in the
general industrial situation, but the
only actual outbreaks are those of the
building labprers at New York and of
lithographers. Those strikes, if con
tinued, are expected to injure the gen
eral building situation at New York
and injure the paper trade throughout
the country.
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say:
NEW YORK, March 18.— R. G. Dun
& Co. will say. to-morrow:
The improvement in trade and indus
try continues, the favorable reports
largely outnumbering the adverse in
fluences. The most important event of
the week was the two-thirds vote by
the bituminous coal miners to accept
the proposed reduction in wages. This
will probably prevent a serious struggle
that would paralyze manufacturing
Just when it is beginning to revive.
- Complications have arisen In the local
building, trades that retard structural
work, but a settlement is anticipated,
and the open, weather is stimulating
outdoor work at other points. Distri
bution of Easter goods steadily expands
and. dealers' stocks are being depleted
because of conservatism In purchases.
This promises large supplementary job
bing and wholesale orders as the sea
son advances. Railway earnings thus
far available, for Maroh show a de
crease of only .8 per cent as compared
with last year's figures. ,
Another ' Week has brought ne' check
to the progress in the Iron and steel in
dustry. Increased strength and activ
ity are noted in the hide market, which
is significant at this time, when the
quality Is least satisfactory.
Failures, this week number 229 in the
United States, compared with 220 last
year, and 21 in Canada, against 22 a
year ago. .
• I am extremely disgusted and annoyed at the
statement made with reference to my remarks
at the banquet last night. 1 had been invited
to attend and to speak at the Irish Fellowship
Club in f celebration of St. Patrick's day and
had accepted the Invitation, uut requested thar
I would not be called upon for a speech. I
had understood that I would not be afked to
respond to" any stated toast and had therefore
gone to the banquet without any preparation
to talk on any subject.
After arriving I found that they had as
signed me to respond to the toast, "The Pres
ident Of the United States," and when L arose
I attempted to give an excuse for not talking
on the subject. My excuses were that I was
not permitted by the regulations to discuss the
President or other civil officers, and reminded
them of the disaster that had befallen some
officers who had come from the Philippines.
Another wits -that I did not know anythrng
about the Presidency, meaning thereby that I
had not studied up the usual platitudes given
to the office, and third, that I was no orator.
I am .particularly chagrined at the way the
report Is published In the papers, which would
draw the inference. that I referred to the pres
ent President, for whom I . have the warmest
admiration and with whom I have had a mo«t
agreeable personal acquaintance. His kind and
thoughtful consideration upon the occasion of
thie death and burial of my mother has given
, me a personal attachment for him which will
| never grow less, and anything that would be
eaid to indicate that I was not his warmest
and most devoted admirer would do a wrong
! to my personal feeling for the present chief
I magistrate O f t h e United States.
CHICAGO, March ' 18.— "Presidency
and President are distinct terms," said
General Fred D. Grant to-day when
asked if he had been correctly under
stood when It was reported of him that
he declined to toast the President of
the United States at the St. Patrick's
day banquet of the Irish Fellowship
Club. The general gave the following
signed statement:
The old Holden School building was
erected at a cost . of $50,000. The
new structure cost more 'than $100,
000. The new building was damaged
by water.
All the Injured firemen were on the
third floor of the burning structure
when the roof fell jn upon them. The
fire started on the third floor and by
the time the first engines arrived the
entire upper part of the building was
in flames. It was feared the fire would
spread to the new school building ad
joining, which is twice the size of the
burned structure, but by hard work
the flames were confined to the upper
floors.
CHICAGO, March 1 8. — Six firemen
were severely Injured in a fire of sup
posed incendiary origin which burned
the old Holden School building at
Loomis and Thirty-first streets. One
man may not recover.
Speaker Says He Holds, the
Chief Magistrate in 'the
Highest Personal Eespect
Reports of the Commercial
Agencies Predict Increase
of Prosperity in Short Time
WASHINGTON, March 18. — The
House was in session a little more than
three hours to-day, .an. eanly adjourn
ment being taken to permit members to
make a trip to the site of the pro
posed Jamestown Exposition. Al
though the postoffice appropriation bill,
was under discussion the entire time,
only one page was completed, making
eleven pages in all disposed of. Sev
eral amendments were adopted, the
principal one being the Insertion of a
new paragraph in the bill providing for
an appropriation of $500,000 for' "un
usual business" at third and fourth
class postoffices. The Postmaster Gen
eral is required to make public the
regulations under which the allotments
are to be made before using any part
of this amount and a similar require
ment was imposed in the case of the
expenditure of the $1,000,000 for separ
ating mails at third and fourth class
postofHces.
' The report of the Committee on
Elections No. 1, declaring that Alex
ander D. Dantzler, contestant, was not
elected to Congress from the Seventh
District of South Carolina, was agreed
to. Also that Julius Kahn, contestant,
was not elected from the Fourth Cali
fornia district; also that James M.
Moody, contestant, was not elected
from the Tenth district of North Caro
lina. This confirms the titles of Rep
resentatives Lever, Livernash and
Gudger in their seats.
Confirms Report of Election
Committee, Which Gives
Livernash; Title to Seat
-a— — ;
Following a line of questions asked
by Chairman Hepburn regarding the
selection of the canal route recom
mended by the commission, Admiral
Walker explained that the law required
the commission to select the route most
feasible and economical which the
I.'nited States could own and operate.
Nicaragua was selected first because
J109.003.000 was asked for the Panama
concession by the French company,
•which put that route entirely out of the
question as compared with Nicaragua.
\\ hen the price was reduced to $40,000.
000 and title assured the conditions
were changed and the commission re
jxr.rted in favor of the Panama route.
The hearings will be continued on Mon
day.
Admiral Walker made a detailed de
scription of the methods of expending
money by the last canal commission.
of which he was president. He said
that President MeKinley had delegated
him as the executive head of the com
ir.ifMon. and when the commission or
panized the entire supervision of the
expenditure of money was left in his
hands.
Secretary Taft was also questioned
by members of the committee regarding
his views as to the proposed methods
of expending the money for the con
struction of the canal. He said the
Pr'-fid^nt undoubtedly had made the
j.roper delegation of his authority on
this subject. If there tvas any question
as to this, the Secretary sai/1 that con
tracts in excess of 52,000,000, for in
stance, might be referred to the Secre
tary of War.
WASHINGTON, March IS.— Secretary
Taft ivas h^ard to-<Jay by the House
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce on the subject' of construct
ing the Panama canal. The Secretary
favored the pending Lovering bill for
the government of the canal zone.
Disbursements in Excess of
.$2,000,000, He Says. Might
" Be Iveft to War Department
Flames, Supposedly of In
cendiary Origin. Partially
Destroy a Schoolhouse
DISCUSSES POSTAL BILL
ONE MAY NOT RECOVER
AVERTS BITTER STRIFE
LOVEPJXG ACT FAVORED
FRIEND TO ROOSEVELT
Officer Declares a Wrong
Construction Was Given to
Toast on "The President"
According to Dun and Brad
street Action of Coalmen
Means Much to Country
Adjourns to Enable Members
to Visit Site of Proposed
Jamestown Exposition
Eoof of Blazing 'Structure
Falls Upon Brave Members
of the Chicago Department
House Committee-Hears Sec
retary of 'War oir Subject
Concerning: Big Waterway
HOUSE HOLDS
SHORT SESSION
GENERAL GRANT
IS INDIGNANT
MINERS' CHOICE
AFFECTS TRADE
CONSULT TAFT
ABOUT CANAL
SIX FIREMEN
BADLY INJURED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1904
FIGHT AGAINST
PROMOTION OF
WOOD IS LOST
4
Offices. 35 and 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOGA CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
is always the fore-
runner of colds, grippe
and pneumonia. When
the snow is followed
by severe cold the con-
ditions are ; still worse.
We can say confidently
that ho other remedy
so strengthens and
fortifies the body
against these , attacks
as Scotfs: Ehnulsion.
Thirty years prove it
A SNOW-STORM
SCOTTS^I^SION.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SlyonsIJ
Tailoring exclusively, and 0 !
fashionable tailoring for critical j j
men. For twenty-five years then ;
largest cloth importer on theH j
Paci^c Coast. The volume of ¦
my business enables me to •
offer values that cannot be ap-
proached. '
A dollar's value for the dollar
spent. My reputation is your
Trousers to Onier
64.50 up
Samples and self-measure-
ments free by mail.
ChsisXyonvS
LONDON TAILOR
721 M^rkenndiZZKearnyJt
- /
OCEAN TBAVEL.
J$amburg~Jkmerican.
.; Bi-weekly Twin Screw Service.
For Plymouth, Cberbonrar. Hamburg.
THE GREAT OCEATT JLYEE,
S. S. Deutschland
686 V& ft. long— 23% knots a vc rage speed.
SallB Ayr. 7. May IX June 0. July 7.
Wftlderaee ....Mar. 10 *Deutschland ..Apl. 7
t'Bluecher Mar. '-'4 Patricia .......Apt 9
f'Moltke Mar. 31 IJelgravia Apl. ltt
Pennsylvania ..Apl. 2 A. Victoria. ...A pL 21
•Grill room "and tgyninaslura on board. ¦•
, . HASIBUBG-AIISSICAK LIK2.
ADVEBTIEEMENT3.
DOCTORS
PRESCRIBE
MUNYON'S
PAW-PAW
Or. Thos. C. Carter, an Eminent Wash-
ington Phvsictaa. Gives Knnyoa'i
Paw-JPaw a Stronsr Professional In-
dorsement.
I HAVE usfd. and am now usingr. Mun-
1 yon's Paw-Paw, and find it a most ef-
fective pepsin tonic, t successfully pre-
scribe it in cases of severe nervousness,
indigestion and stomach trouble.
"Professor Munyon Is to be. congratu-
lated in utilizing the fruit of the Paw-
Paw tree, the digestive <rualltle3 of
which I believe are second to no known
production in the fruit or vegetable
kingdom. THOS. C. CARTER. M. D..
"332 C Street. N. W."
"I wnnt *very tired woman, after a
hard day's work or an afternoon's shop-
ping 1 , to take a tablespoonful of Paw-
Paw and see how quickly it will refresh
and invigorate her.
"I urge upon brain-workers particu-
larly the use of Paw-Paw. It will Im-
mediately give tone and energy to the
whole nervous system. .
"If the toller who feels the need of a
stimulant will step into the nearest drus
store and ask for Paw-Paw, he will have
no further us* for whisky, beer or oth^r
stimulants."
Sold by all druggists. Large bottle $1.
Paw-Paw Laxative Pills, 25 cents a bot-
tle.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
•*> v Steamers leave Broadway
/^l^-SffiV wharves. Piers 9 and 11.
iv? ¦ San Francisco. . i
¦TOT TlUB <— \«*\ For Ketchlkan. Wr»n»«l.
I / \Tvk^ 1 1 Juneau. Halnes. SlcaEway.
I I \ «W^\ I I «tc. Alaska— 11 a. m. Mir.
\#\ V 1'rfl 1 «. u - le . 21 - M » 31 « Apr '
V*VJ> 7(5/ 5! Change to company •
xVjtr^tiPy' steamers at Seattle.
>^?» |^1«^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port •temma*. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Bel-
lin*bam — 11 a. m.. Mar. 1. 6, 11. 16. 21. .26. D,
Apr 5 Change at Seattle to this company 4
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle
or Tacoroa to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to «_.
(Humboldt Eay)— Pomcna. 1:30
p. m Mar. 5 11. 17. 23, ». Apr. 4. Spokana.
1:30 p. m.. Mar. 2. 8. H. 20. 2e. Apr. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Kedondc). San Dtego and Santa Barbara — Sau-
ta Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anseles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). 5anta Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Harford (Sao
Luis 'Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme. •
Cco« Bay. 9 a. m.. Mar. 8. 10. 24. Apr. 1.
Bonita. » a. m.. Mar. 12, 20. 2S. Apr. 5.
For En*«»nada. Masdalena Bay. San Josa del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
«al!a" Guaymas (Mn.>, 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved .to change steamers or salllns
TICKET OFFICES — 4 N>w Montgom-
ery St. (Palace Hotol). 10 Market st. anil Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C. IX DUXAXS, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Franci3co.
The Tacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutt-r st.. w!U
eali for and check basrsragre from hotels ana
residences. Telephone Eic-hange 312.
AMSBICAIT LINE.
FJymor.tli — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York. Saturdays at U:3O a. m.
Z#el«ndMar.2C.10:.K>sun|N"eMr York Apr. »
St. Louis Apr. - ISt. Paul Apr. ltf
ATI.A7TTTC TBABS?OBT JJJTZ.
Hew Yorte — J»aa.i.an Direct.
Mesaba Mar. 2ti. 0 a. tn.
Mlnnetonka Apr. 2. 7 a. m.
Marqu-tte Apr. 9, 9 a. m.
Minnehaha ', Apr. IK. « a. m.
Only- first-class passenffera carried.
DoaxxxrxoCT lise.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea rassage.
Kensington Mar. UtilSouthwark Apr. S>
Dominion ADr. "ICanada Apr. 1«J
H0I,IvAlTI5-AMERICA T.TZTE.
New Twin-Screw Sttamrrs nf li'.Soo Tons.
New York — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
SaiUr.p Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Noordam Mar. i^i Potsdam Apr. 5
Statecdam Mar. 211] Rotterdam Apr. 12
RED STAB 1.I2TS.
UTew Torlt — Antwerp — yaris).
From New York Srjturdaya at U>:'M a. m.
Zeeland Mar. 2t>|Vadtf!and Apr. ft
Finland Apr. 2iKroonlan(3 Apr. 13
WHITE STAB lUTE.
New York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
\\>dne»-lays.
r«»dric.Mar. 2:5. » a. m. Tputor.ic. Apr. 13.10a.m.
Mae«tlc..Mar.:i(>. 10a.m. Celtlo. . Apr. 15. 5 p. m.
Oceanic. -Apr. 6. 1O a.m. Ce<5ric. . Apr. 2t>. S a. m.
Boston — Queen stown — XVlverpool.
Cymric Apr. Ul. ilsy l'j. June 18
Republic (new) Apr. 30, June. 9. July T
Cretic May 5. June 2
BOSTON WBSXTSBBAHEASr SERVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar, ZTaples, Gencx.
REPUBLIC (new) Mar. 2d
ROMANIC Apr. ». May 14. June IS
CANOPIC Apr. 2T^ May 3S. July £
C. D. TAT1X)R. Pasaenjter Agent Pacific Coast,
• 21 Vtmt St.. San Franciaca.
V$fB J^^W»tf TO TMft *^5^ilf<
IKTACWERS. nAR3£ILttS; GWi'ool^
IS li APteS & ALIX/^Dpi A. EGYPT/fijj |
REPUBLIC (new) Mar. IB
ROMANIC Apr. 9. May 14, June IS
CANOPIC Apr. 23. May 28, July Z
(Send for rates and illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest in the-
Mediterranean service. I
First c!as», ?65 upward.
Boston to Liverpool o .ne««oTra
\:REXIC Mar. 31. May S. June 2
CYMRIC Apr. 21 r May 19. June IB
REPUBLIC <new)..Apr. 30. June 9. July 7
First class, $60 and 65 upward, accord-
ing to steamer. For Dians. etc., address
C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post St.. Passenger
Asent Pacific Coast.
O. /?. & N. CO,
OREGON sails March 23. April 7. 17. 27
Mav 7, n and 27. GKO. W. ELDER sails
March 23. April 2, 12. 22. May 2. 12 and 22
Only steamship line to rORTLAND, OR., and
short rail line from -Portland to alt points
East. Throuzh tickets to all points. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer iralls
foot of Scear st. at 11 a. m. S K. BOOTil
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery at.: c'
CLIFFORD. Gen. Asent Freisht t»cpt . 3
Montgomery st.
occaeics.s.co.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samrw*. Auck-
| land and Sydney. Thur., March 21. 2 p. m
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Apr. 2, 11 a "m.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Apr. Zi 11 al -u
a. imCKlSi B2H.t8, lib..Iiebt6fliGz.H3 larWa
H#tlSaLUl S»rkstSL.PJerlfc 7.facfe j t
C0HPA6HIB SE5EHALB TBAU3ATIASTIQDB.
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE-PARIS. V»L.
Sailing every Thursday Instead ot
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. : -*?XS*?
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sso-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGKNCT FOR UNITEU STATES A.N 1 )
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldina).
New YoTk. J. F. FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat
Aitents. B Montgomery avenue. San FrancUco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent3.
- . ¦ . , , . »
Mare Island and yallajo Steamer*.
' Steamer GEN. FRISBIK or MONTICELLO— .
9:« a. m.. 3:1^ and 8:3O p, m .. except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 «. m.. 8:30 p. m. Li.-ave Vallej.»
7 a. m.. 12;30 and 8 p. m., eJt. Sundajr. Suu-
day. t a. m., *:15 p. m. Fare. GO c«ata. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Ulsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearCHURCH BENEFIT.— Dr. G. G. Burnett
delivered » lecture on "California." last night
at the T. M. C. A. Auditorium for the bene
fit cf the building fund of the > Swedish Eb
enezer. Lutheran Church.
London Editors Pleased.
LONDON, March 19. — The morning
papers editorially express satisfaction
with the suspension of Daniel J. Sul
ly & Co., which they urge should be a
further warning to foster the grrowth
of cotton In the British empire. The
news of the failure arrived after the
close of business in the Manchester
and Liverpool markets.
INFERNAIi MACHINE KILLS
BELGIAN ARMY OFFICER
Bomb Found Xear Home " of Police
Commissioner Laurent Explodes
in Hands of Major Papin. -
LIEGE. Belgium, March 18. — An
infernal machine exploded to-day out
side the residence of Commissioner of
Police Laurent, wrecking the house,
fatally injuring an artillery officer,
Major Papin, and seriously wounding
half a dozen other persons. When the
machine was discovered Major Papin
was summoned and, examining the
package in which the machine was
concealed, the explosion occurred. Pa
pin's legs were blown off arid he short
ly afterward died. "A policeman who
also lost his legs by the explosion is
in a precarious condition. Thousands
of windows were shattered. ' There is
no clewto the perpetrators of the out
rage, but it is believed to have been
the work of an anarchist.
SOCIAt. GATHERING. — The Art Athenaeum
and the Camera Club of the Girls' High School
-are an entertainment and exhibition ln the
auditorium of the school last evening.
indeed attempted to escape, but were
pursued and killed, and others were
killed on the island or succumbed as
the result of disease, and only' Holden
and one companion survived. After
two years of captivity, an English bark.
The Britannia, came to the shores of
the island, when the two captives suc
ceededf in securing their freedom and
in a short time reached Lintin, China,
where they took ship to New York,
arriving there on May 5. 1S35.
Summer Home Is Burned.
SONOMA, March 18. — The hand
some country . home of Rudolph
Spreckels, located three miles west
of this place, was destroyed by fire
last night between the hours of 10:30
and 12 o'clock. The family were ab
sent and the premises were in charge
of a watchman. The fire is supposed
to have been caused by the explosion
of an acetylene gas plant.
PANIC ON' 'CHANGE.
News of Sully's Failure Causes New
Orleans Brokers Uneasiness.
; NEW ORLEANS, March IS.— The
¦ announcement of the failure of Dan : el
Sully & Co. created a panic to-day on
the floor of the New Orleans Cotton
Exchange. Prices melted away until
they were ?9 and 510 a bale lower
than yesterday's close. When the
panic was over the comrnercial in
tegrity of the local- cotton trade was
found intact, although scores of small
operators were wiped out and heavy
longs had lost fortunes. Prices
tumbled 10 and 20 points at a time
and still the selling continued. Coat»
were torn, hats smashed, chairs and
stools about the ring were demolished.
So great was the roar from the ring
that it could be heard for blocks. The
ring had the appearance of being the
object of an attack of about 200 men.
Mho plunged over ope another to get
nearer the small pit that is In the
center of it. It was not until the
brokers found their books well clear
of long cotton that they paused and
allowed the tumult to subs<de.
At 1:30 o'clock the panicky feeling
has passed to some extent and brokers
were unable to extricate themselves
from the ring and find out Just what
th« situation was. They found prices
$9 and $10 a bale lower than yester
day's closing.
When it was found that no local
firm was embarrassed by the failure
prices showed a wonderful recovery.
At the close the tone was steady and
May showed a recovery of 13 points,
while July had recovered 29 points.
KING OF COTTON' MARKET WHOSE
l"XEXPECTED SUSPENSION IS
I THE TAT.K OF THE WORLD.
Fagan, manager of the firm's New
Orleans office, was taken into the firm.
will be given out from this office to
day. Possibly a statement will be ready
early Saturday morning."
Hadley later was quoted as saying
that the firm would pay its debts in
full and the suspension was due to
the impossibility of meeting demands
for large sums of money due to the
Sully firm from European sources, sums
that the quick slump ln the market
made payable too Quick for them to be
able to meet.
Sully left his office at 4 o'clock
All sorts of explanations were mad?
for the suspension. One of the reasons
given was that the New Orleans bull
party had sold cotton while Sully was
bulling it In the confidence that they
were supporting him. Another was
that Sully's following in the market
had sold their long cotton without ad
vising with him.
HINT OF TREACHERY.
' From two well informed sources
came a denial that there was any
treachery from New Orleans. A cotton
operator with New Orleans connections
said that the bull party there was still
bullish in cotton.
Another account that came from one
of the six or seven best known cotton
operators in this country was that the
bear party had made a deliberate and
well-planned attack to overwhelm
Sully and had succeeded. The bears,
according to this authority, had
figured out the weakness of Sully's po
sition, due to immense holdings of spot
and contract cotton and to his opera
tions on the Liverpool market, and
planned an attack on the market that
would carry it down Just far enough
to make It Impossible for Sully to meet
his margin calls, knowing that his
failure would send the market so much
lower thst they could cover at figures
to recoup them.
No definite idea of Sully's commit
ments in the cotton market could be
obtained from other houses In the cot
ton market. One estimate was that
he was "long" 300,000 bales of May cot
ton alone.
A good authority safd that he did not
believe Sully was "long" more than
that in the whole market, and a con
servative estimate made ln another
source was 600.000 bales. The losses by
Sully's failure, in case" he cannot settle,
it was said, will be divided among
nearly all the brokers on the exchange.
One estimate was that Sully's ownings
after a settlement under the rule of the
exchange would not exced $500,000.
What Sully has personally lost or what
his backers hare lost in market opera
tions Is not included in this figure.
HIS SUDDEN RISE.
In . Stock Exchange circles the fail
ure of Sully was at first taken as a
sure sign of the collapse of the cot
ton boom. Later there was some ap
prehension lest the failure might
bring down a string of banking insti
tutions in the South.
Daniel J. Sully became a factor In
the cotton market In January, 1903,
when he took fan the bull movement
that Theodore H. Price h*ad dropped.
He was thought to have done a great
thing when he bulled May cotton of
1903 to 10 cents. He had been a cot
ton buyer for New England firms. He
had made a study of crop conditions
and foresaw the short er*»r> of that
year as well as the short crop of this
season. It was said that a clique of
New England mill-owners backed him
in his first venture. His May cam
paign was'a success and it was esti
mated that he personally cleared
more than $1. 000, 000. '
He established a cotton house of
his own last year under the name of
Daniel J. Sully & Co.. but when his
operation in cotton became so suc
cessful, the cotton market having
been pushed up above 17 cents a
pound early this year, he widened the
scope of his firm's business, bought
a seat on the New York Stock Ex
change, went into the office business,
bought a membership on the Chicago
Board of Trade and. it was said.- made
connections with other promlnentex
changes throughout the country.
The members of the firm were
Daniel J. Sully, .Colonel S. F. B. Morse
of Houston. Tex.. Walter S. ¦ Crandall
and Edwin Hadley Jr. Recently- R.
BLOSSOM FETE TO BE
HELD IN SAN JOSE
Woman's Club Is Arranging an
Elaborate Flower Carnival
for April.
SAN JOSE, March 18. — A blossom
fete for the early part of April is be
ing arranged by the Woman's Club of
this city. The date has not yet been
selected, but it will be some time be
tween the 1st and 15th. At that time
the orchards will be in full bloom
and the gardens ln the city will be at
their best. San Jose has always been
famous for her floral shows and it is
expected that the ladies of San Jose
will sustain their' former reputation.
There is to .be a big floral parade in
the morning. With games and sports
of all kinds in Ithe afternoon at Agri
cultural Park. % Handsomely deco
rated carriages and automobiles and
floats will be in line. At the exercises
in the afternoon there will be a bat
tle of roses, and mounted horsemen,
all bedecked with flowers, will com
pete for honors in games and races.
Artillery companies -from San Fran
cisco will be present at that time and
take part ln the event with drills. All
women's clubs of this city and county
will assist the Woman's Club in the
show. The proceeds of the event are
to go to the building fund of the
Woman's Club.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO. March 18.— Although
there were no important developments
In the labor situation to-day it seemed
to be agreed on all sides that the situa
tion is serious and that there is no im
mediate prospect of a settlement. The
tie-up In the building trades is •prac
tically complete and the declaration of
the Citizens' Alliance and the Building
and Contractors' associations for an
open shop town is regarded' as plainly
defining the issue against unionism.
Much speculation is indulged in as to
whether unions outside of those con
nected with the building trades will
take up the fight, but it is thought Dy
union men that the issue will be con
fined to the building trades alone.
Meanwhlle.the Building Trades Council
announces that its members are pre
pared to do work for citizens on houses
from roof to cellar, and it is claimed
that they are securing all the materials
they need from outside sources. In
deed, while the local supply houses are
under agreement not to furnish ma
terials to others than employers con
nected with the Builders' Association,
the locked-out artisans appear able to
secure materials from several houses.
This afternoon J. M. James, a builder
not connected with the Builders' Asso
ciation, filed a petition with Attorney
General "Webb asking his permission to
sue in the name of the State the Build
ers' Association of Sacramento on the
ground that it has enteredinto a con
spiracy to prevent contractors outside
that association from carrying on.thtir
business.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SALEM, Ore., March 18.— Horace
Holden a resident of Tillamook City
for the past sixty years, and one of
the most highly respected pioneers of
Oregon, was laid to rest in the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery this afternoon. The
deceased was 94 years old when he died
in Tillamook City last Monday morn
ing, and during that time he had ex
periences that would fill volumes more
interesting and startling than the yel
lowest of the yellow back novels. ..
Horace Holden was- born in Hills
boro, Vt., July 21, 1S10, his parents be
ing farmers of moderate means. The
father died when the son was a mere
boy, leaving the lad to support a fam
ily of children. He struggled with the
problem manfully until, at the age of
21 years, his health failed him and he
decided to go to sea, signing as a sailor
on the ship Mentor, and began a voy
age to the IrwUan Ocean. The ship's
company consisted of twenty-two men
when the voyage began at New .Bed
ford, Mass., and the vessel crossed the
Atlantic to the Azores, rounded Cape
of Good Hope, and cruised in the Indian
Ocean for many weeks. Later the ship
entered the Pacific Ocean, was over
taken in a terrific storm and became a
wreck on a coral reef near the Pelew
group of islands. Eleven of the men
were drowned in the terrific seas that
swept the doomed vessel, the remain
ing eleven reaching a place of safety
on the reef after herculean struggles in
the waves.
When escaping from the ship the
crew only carried away one small
chest of ship's biscuits, a keg of water,
some clothing, a can of gunpowder, a
musket and a brace of pistols, together
with a tinder box and a pair of cut
lasses. They spent a night on the cliff
and on the following morning, the
storm having .subsided, they were much
refreshed and ready to battle for their
lives. Scarce had the day come, how
ever, when new dangers beset them.
CAPTURED BY CANNIBALS.
Canoes filled with naked men, armed
with battle axes and spears, ap
proached them. There was no way of
escape and the men were taken cap
tives and conveyed to an island thirty
miles away, but when nearlng the is
lands the prisoners suddenly made a
dash for liberty and escaped by su
perior skill in handling their boat.
Taking to the open sea after twenty
four hours of hard work the wretched
sailors again approached land and
were rewarded by finding a good land
ing. But scarce had they set foot on
shore when they were again captured
by natives and taken to the largest is
land in the group.
The natives seemed to be disposed
to put their prisoners to death, but
just as the poor captives were to be
executed and put In the pot a man
clad ln native attire, but with' the fea
tures and hair of an Englishman, came
upon the scene and saved them from
death. They were given a hearing be
fore the chiefs, and the natives, after
consulting their prophetess, decided to
let their captives live. Their deliverer
proved to be an English sailor who
had been set ashore by his ship and
abandoned, and who had made a name
among the cannibals. j
The prisoners were well treated for
a time, but the food Bupply ran out
and they were placed in old canoes
and told to leave the island, which was
done. But disappointment was again
their portion, for they landed on an
other island, where they once more be
came prisoners of a savage tribe.
The prisoners were separated and
dragged about from place to place.
Holden finally fell into the hands of
a native who* was more humane than
his friends, and he often spoke of
Pahrahbooa, his erstwhile lord, who
called the prisoner by the name of
Teemit.
THREE OF CREW KILLED.
The Island on which they were was
known to navigators as Lord North's
Island. They were .the first white men
to land on the" Island, which was sup
posed to be uninhabited, and they found
no means of escape. Three of the men
After Being Shipwrecked
He Falls Into Hands of
Cannibals Several Times
Labor Situation Unchanged
and There Is No Prospect
of Immediate Settlement
NEW YORK. March 17. — Daniel
J. Sully, who has for fifteen months
been the largest figure in the cotton
markets of the world and who has
"bulled" cotton from 7 cents a pound
to 17 c^nts, to-day announced his
inability to make good his engage
ments on the New York Cotton Ex
change. Within a few moments cot
ton fell nearly 513 a bale from the
highest figures of the " day. Many
crashes have been recorded, but prob
ably none has been accompanied by
such frenzy and confusion. While
there had been no premonition of the
impending crash, no morning of the
season had witnessed a more demor
alized market. In less than three
minutes after the opening half a cent
had been taken off the price of cot
ton. The prices went up and down
10. -^ and 20 points within two and
tl~ee minutes. May opened at 15.25c
and sold down to 14.75c in less than
fifteen minutes, while July, opening
at 15.22c. went down to 14.86c.
Toward the end of the first half hour
early sellers started to cover and
there was a ra;-id advance. There
was nothing in the news to account
for the excitement. It seemed merely
a renewal of bear operations and the
clinching of further stop orders.
Shortly after the afternoon session
there was a lull in the pit and at
about 2:05 o'clock the announcement
of the suspension was made by Su
perintendent King, who read from the
rostrum this notice:
"We regret that we are unable to
meet our engagements and will there
fore have to suspend.
"DANIEL J. SULLY & CO."
BROKERS ARE FRAXTIC.
For a few seconds there was quiet
over the floor. Then with one impulse
a mighty shout went up from the bears
who had been flehtins Sully and the
bull clique for months. Hats were
thrown into the air to be trampled
upon in th? stampede for the pit. Coats
were torn by frantic brokers and chairs
end camp stools were dashed into the
pit. Messengers soon were rushing in
e.nd out of the building with orders it
se!l or buy. Telephone booths were
besieged and telegraph offices were
flooded with dispatches.
Outside the Cotton Exchange ap
pearances gave little indication of the
pandemonium within until the mes
sengers began to rush between the ex
change and the brokers' offices. Soon
the news reached the Stock and Pro
duce and Coffee exchanges and th c
traders on these markets hastened to
6ee the panic. But a double guard was
placed at the doors and ' admittance
•was refused to any but those accom
panied by members.
It was estimated that something like
750.000 bales of cotton were traded in
during the twenty minutes of panic
that followed the announcement and
that of this upward of 500,000 bales
represented "forced liquidation." or the
selling out of men whose margins have
been nearly or quite wiped out. As
the market slumped 2S0 points during
this period the loss falling on this ele
ment amounted to something more
than $1,000,000.
The market steadied after about
twenty minutes and then there was a
eudden upward shoot of about 100
points. This sharp upward rise was
brought about by the buying of brokers
and speculators, who saw that the mar
ket had slumped too far and would
react. A part nf the. excitement on the
floor o^the exchange was caused by
the scramble of brokers who wanted
Just such bargains and had to fight to
get in the ring to get them. The buy
ing rush was almost as exciting and
just as noisy as the selling panic.
STOCKS TAKE DROP.
"No statement of any kind or de
scription, Mr. Sully directs me to say.
Tb<? announcement of Sully's suspen
sion tvas put on the tickers everywhere
¦within a few moments after it was
roade, and there was somewhat of a
flurry on the floor of the New York
Stock Exchange after the news reached
there. Sully is a member of that ex
change, having purchased a seat two
or three months ago. Stocks went off
from half a point to a point and a
half on the fear that the failure might
bring a rush of stock selling. The
weakness was only momentary, for
¦word was passed around that Sully
had net been trading in stocks and that
the clearing-house sheets had never
Fhoan a single transaction by him.
The market was reassured and stocks
went up again.
Fully shut himself up in his office
and refused to publish a statement.
Shortly bS^ct 3 o'clock he went Into
conferj^^^with counsel, and later Ed
win Hartley Jr. of Providence. R. L. a
member cf the firm, sent out this state
ment:
CONSPIRACY IS CHARGED
EXPERIENCES AT SEA
Daring Speculator Who Controlled Markets of the World
for Fifteen Months Forced to Announce That He Cannot
Meet Obligations He Incurred During His Short Reign
Sacramento Contractor Asks
Permission Jo Bring Ac
tion Against Association
Oregon Xonogenarian Passes
Away After Career ofSany
•Remarkable Happenings
WANTS TO SUE
THE BUILDERS
DEATH CLOSES
EVENTFUL LIFE
SUDDEN AS WAS HIS RISE IS FALL
OF DANIEL J. SULLY, COTTON KING
¦ - ¦ ' .' ; - ;
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL. SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1904.
5
THE WEEKLY CALL. SI PER YEAR
ADVEBTISEJCEI3TS.
13 *
-A touch is enough for
cleanliness. That is why
Pears' soap lasts so.
Pears' shaving soap is
the best in all the world.
Established orer too rears.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
dHOSEOa 0F flnATQHYJ
0 & ixnuxmsr.i*.i:M»,s.r.w.i
\ Or * Tkc f-* r S tM Ao«Jt»ek»l Mtwai in ?»>e \
A _^2*a_ World. . UeakB*»»«» or tr,j rontracred A
« fj£&M da*»»e p»«Jll»^ly cwH t>? tfc<- oldest X
O iSSl b P aa!lBI " tfctCets. »«-j« jT r»rv O
fi !l*nl J h DR. JCHCAN-OISEASES OF HEN 4
» if^J*v%3 Co^j'tioco frr* ted Hr.'iW pny»'-. ¦.
A I ?*& n Tretnarrt prrionti > "r trf ir'"-,. a Q
V 8 jur cl U /Wtart Om tn erery c*:r urd-mi ra . W
Ari ii» *'nn f» &-*v. PRH.«»omv.r^
V * ;f ITaiBBiAcr, i'»:lt.d fkee. (a"
\ A n, vshxbte book for am) \
Q DS. J«EDAS*<-O.. 1S31 Market su.H. F. V
Did It
Ever Strike You
That every article sent to us takes witl
its return to you a policy of insuranc*
that it's satisfactory in cleanliness, fin
ish and delivery?
Well, it's so. and our collection am
delivery service is another distinct aid ti
your satisfaction, because its alway:
prompt.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 KASKXT STBZST.
Tel«phon« South 420.
CCIOX&HSA IX) C1H1KT SlSCSAl&Jt
A CUKE IX ** HOURS.
/Good Razor?
M AND SHAVE YOURSELF. \
I $2— I
E3 Will buy cne of rar BEST RAZORS. H
£a Made of the beet materials; b!a<J<* £j
flS i« of f.ne t<»mr*rpj n»el that will M
EgS hold edge and yet Is easy to keep In E
3 Kood condition. ¥3
B MT $1.00 POCKET KN'IFE has r
3 no superior. Comes in Wostenholmsi. L
3 1 X U Stiletto. Henckels. Jordas* Bj
3 and other hi^h-grade makes. fl
E4 SCISSORS. 23c up. Razor strops RJ
El an low as 25c. Two bars Williams B
H 10c rhavinsc reap. 15c. Mall orders H
Ekl promptly filled. M
¦ THAT MAN PITTS!
9 - F. W. PITTS.. The Stationer. M
BL 1008 MARKET STREET, S. F. ¦
#fi\ Every Woman
•^•^'V'^m »» latemtSd »nd »h<»M *now.
«SaY^ iv^'li * \ • T» about tbe wonderful
UV^TOWa MARVEL Whirling Spray
VY%KC*> «;siL tio» and SwrHon. Best-?*f.
\^ l est— Most ConTenier.t.
"- '^^^^S^^l^frr^r-^g, U Omici U»t>atl*
i,*T«ar«r«r-mSrlt. V^
If h» «-srnot *aj>i>Iy ih9 \It/V ",:-<<& .
YIARVEL. accept no . Tft. -fLffej-^
otl>er, bnt «md Mamp for 11- / ' <q^y
fcutratad book-*»«»«-i.U irlTe* V\ / *jf
foil particular* and direction* tn- »V /,. • am
valuable W> Udie*. M.% RVHL CO.. Cs J i^V^jr
Tlrce» Build. r.tr. N«w York. l - > *»~i--^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; elves health asd
•treneth to sexual orcans. Depot. 323 Market.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '.',:>'<
A MILLION HAPPY AMERICAN g
-IJOj^ &S&* "'' CHILDREN are kept healthy with g
jidflBiSSfc SS138v CASCARETS Candy Cathartic. Good I
/oMipSk.^T^totxC words spoken by their mamas for §3
Tr^^ \« CASCARETS'to other mamas have g
¥««3p^'%b V>* \|£ y |J made CASCARETS successful until H
Jig ' r*. ¦ the sale now 13 OVER A MILLION H
jd&gaM a *f "' V nISSv'SW BOXES A MONTH. Why do little M
gEJ»g§|/'^J% y*" 1 "* folks llko CASCARETS? Because |
BsSnHgfJ/^raH «w-» F ra^\'4L tiie^ are a sweet, palatable, frag- 1
r -^TUrJ; v V=£ V| rant little tablet-taste :oood. do E
S** \-v «H* * ) lr 3° cd ~ never ff ri P nor U rl P e - butact j|
W&XB^.'diW^JP&^Bb^ Ufj£&J\ O entl y. naturally, positively. Medl- H
JjJH jglT V&a0tif^ &USi/M cfcMtaa* a child dislikes wl«i not do «
aSa^SKkuX!!^*^- / SUsSr ttmuchaocd. Children are always S3
WlHf^W' / SSffiST readv to take CASCARETS. THE U
/'f^SalL PERFECT HOME MEDICINE, ask g
Ss> v * or tnem and are kept healthy al- g
yflfe>~ /T " \ of childhood's ailments. Best for Ej<
y 1 3*#^&Y / T -J\ th * Bowels - AU dmoffists. lOc. 25c. I
I HgS5§S(L('"~7\\ 50°- Never sold ln bulk. Genuine If
V^^P^A^ffit M taDlet stamped C C C. Sample- and ca
I *7^ jf booklet free. Address M
:¦ ' \/"V\ I 1 STERLING REMEDY CO.. M
"They make mm l^PVl / Chicago or New York. I
CATHARTIC ¦¦ fflTntffflr^^ P
AWWUAL SALE -TEW MILLION BOXES I
Greatest in the World \^J
; C ,'.7- ADVERTISEMENTS.
f NINE TIMES OUT OF TEH JSjiiL %
I ITS CAUSED BYCONGESTIOIL|Bgpgr(fe 1
I /^^ -^^WOPTHE-AOHE I
I the simplest, easiest and most effective remedy for this most I
i common complaint. It can be safely said without the slightest k
If exaggeration that millions of people have been cured of back n
I trouble during the past half century by this wonderful, healing, " H
I " strengthening and pain relieving plaster. y
I REMEMBER— It makes no difference for what purpose yon may wish t-> a»e a I
M plaster, Altcocic's is al *r*jr« the ufest »nd most eflective. Furthermore, these plaster* I
P are guaranteed not to contain belladonna, opum or any poisonous ingredients. They fl
B are made of healing regetable rums which sooths, strengthen and care. i\
B They are the original and only genuine porous plasters. it
SHINOLA.
PRIZE PUZZiLE.
1900 1® GOLD GIVEN AWAY
To thoroughly introduce "Shiaola," the world's greatest shoe polish, aad
the " Shinola Outfit," we will present to purchasers, 22 prizes of $100 in gold.
One prize of $25.00; one of $15.00; one of $10.00; four of $5.00; fifteen of $2.00.
The conditions are simple and easy. Try as many times as yon lite.
I Cut out the pieces and when you have matched them together I
showing the Shinola Outfit, paste them iq this frame which mast fit 1|
the picture perfectly. n
Shiaola. the World's Best Shoe Polish, Is sold by all dealers, tj
The "Shinola" Shoe Shining Outfit consists of Shinola Polish, ft
Shinola Dauber and Shinola Polisher. A purchase of Shinola |,|
(large box) 10c, entitles you to one chance. A purchase of the com- tj
plete outfit, 3oc, entitles you to 5 chances. W
You get full value for your money and a chance to win gold. ft
The outfit by mail. 40c. You most send the end of carton aad the tisane paper to {
be entitled to 5 chances. tj
IN8TRU.CTION8-After pasting the pieces ia the frame and purchasing a box of Shinola,
yon must enclose with your answer the piece of printed tissue paper to be found on the inside
of every box. Write your address plainly here. Name- .¦¦¦¦ — ¦.?; . * ' "'"' " ¦
gt rfi? t ln ...I.,.., ¥^a'^~ 11 .I H'"' mall
to us. Should you buy the complete outfit which entitles you to 5chance9. tear off and send with
this advertisement, one end of the pasteboard carton (in which the dauber and polisher is
sold) together with the tissue paper. Don't pay over 10c for any shoe polish, 10c buys "Shinola. •*
It is the best. It is a cleanly paste polish, quick, easy and always ready for Instant use. Preserves
the leather and gives a splendid shine, one ahine will last more than a week; too shin»< in a bor.
Good for rubbers and all blick leather, from babies* shoes up. Shir.oU dauber and polisher are
made of lamb's wool, the best idea ever perfected ; dont «cil hand*. It is a pleasure to shine your
own shoes with this outfit. Millions of boxes are being sold. If your dealer cant s-Tplyyou,
'send us 10c for box "Shinola " or 40c for the outfit complete, we pay the post
Thi< contest will close April i«t. 1904. The best zi answers selected will be awarded prizes ia
' order mentioned. The correct solution with names of prize winners will be published intfils paper
April 9th, 1904. All will have a fair and equal chance. No employee of this company nor their
families will be allowed to enter the contest. Address SHINOLA COMPANY*
/ Prize Contest, Rochester, N. Y#ALAMEDA, March 18.— Earth slides
and leaks are constantly occurring in
the dike that separates the north side
of the tidal canal, between Fruitvale
avenue and High street, from the south
retaining wall of the Sausal Creek.di
verting ditch. As the bottom of the
ditch, which runs parallel to the north
side of the canal into San Leandro, is
much higher than the bottom of the
canal, the leaks and cave-ins will, if
not given attention, cailse the bottom
of the ditch- to fall through in places
Levee of Diverting Ditch Which Carries Sausal Creek
Debris Into San Leandro Bay and Runs Parellel to
the Main Waterway Is Washing Away in Many Places
LEAKING DIKE MAY CAUSE ALAMEDA
TIDAL CANAL TO FILL WITH MUD
PHOTOGRAPHS AND DIAGRAM SHOWING CREVASSES DISCOVERED IN THE
LEVEE BETWEEN THE ALAMEDA TIDAL CANAL AND THE FALSE CHAN
NEL OF SAUSAL CKEEK THAT WAS BUILT BY THE GOVERNMENT.
SACTRAMKNTO,* March: 18.— The State Board
of > Examiner*; to-day, purchased • $60,000 of Po
mona < ( Lou Angeles • Coun ty) 4 ¦; per cent school
and park bonds at par and accrued interest.
ALLIANCE. Nebr..' . March IS.— The Sixth
District Republican convention to-day, unani
mously renomlnated Congressman Klnkaid an<1
Instructed . the . delegates to the . national con
vention i to work for the nomination ¦ of •Roose
velt for ' President and * John L. t Webster ' for
TJM 'President.
ARROYO GRANDE. March 18.
Dave Stewart was found dead at this
place; in an unoccupied building yes
terday." Papers found on his ' person
show; that he was^a member of ; the
China relief expedition' and was trans
ferred to the Philippines.
Ex-Soldier Found Dead.
OAKLAND, March ,18.— Mrs. Ida M.
Inslp, • a resident of Ferndale, Hum
boldt i County, i died . , at . the
Hoter Crellln, in this city, to-day. She
is a i native daughter of Humboldt
County. .Her body will be shipped to
her, late homa" for Interment."
Death of Ida M. Inslp.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
18. — On Saturday night "Mask and
Dagger," Berkeley's dramatic society,
will present "The Jealous Wife" in
the Stanford assembly hall under the
auspices of Sword and Sandals, the
Stanford dramatic organization.
The student presentation of "The
Jealous Wife" at Berkeley proved a.
thorough dramatic success, resulting
In the decision to produce it at Stan
ford at the request of Sword and San
iflals.
Berkeley Drama at Stanford.
. SANTA CRUZ, March 18. — Thomas
W. Kelly, who was indorsed as the
Union Labor candidate for Mayor, has
refused the nomination and the Union
Labor Improvement Club has substi
tuted George Stevens of the Carpen
ters' Union.
Labor Candidate Withdraws.
Rejects Hospital Site Offer.
OAKLAND, March 1 6. — The Board
of Health has rejected the offer of the
Realty.' Syndicate to give the city a
site for a contagious diseases hospital
near the tidal canal. Dr. S. H. Buteau,
a member of the board, .said the site
was unsuitable from a sanitary point
of view.
School Children Vaccinated.
OAKLAND, March 18.— Seven hun
dred public school children were vac
cinated to-day by a staff of physicians,
volunteers . In the service of the city.
The operations were "performed in ac
cordance with an order from the State
Board of Health. .
OAKLAND, March 18.— The promise
of a bitterly contested divorce suit was
given In court this morning when the
case of Florence Fa wcett Richards
against Harry Richards, a local singer,
was called. An application, was made
on behalf of Mrs. Richards for alimony
and costs. The defendant alleged that
he was out of employment and unable
to pay. The Judge compromised ' the
matter by ordering him. to pay $30
costs. -
Richard's Divorce Suit.
OAKI^AND, March 18. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Joseph R.
Lewis, over 21, San Frr.nclaco, and
Mary^B. Mendonca, over 18, San Le
andro; Manuel Silva, 25, and Mary
Silva, 16, both of Fruitvale: Alfred
Lewis, 29, and Mrs. Annie E. Crack
bon, 32, both of San Francisco. •
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, March 18. — Walter
Breeden, former secretary" of Knares
borough Lodge of Foresters, has been
held for trial in $2500 bonds on a
charge of embezzlerpent of funds pf
the lodge.
Breeden Held for Trial.
OAKLAND, March 18. — Suit was
brought to-day by William Mugford
against the Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific
Company for $15,000 damages because
a piledriver fell on his hand and took
off four of his fingers. Suit was also
begun by Clarence Whitaker against
the California Sash and Door Company
for $10,000 damages on account of the
fact that a buzzsaw had taken off two
fingers. ."
Place Ilijjh Value on Fingers.
OAKLAND, March 18.— A general de
nial of the allegations made by William
Dove In a suit brought against . the
heirs of the Blake estate to - recover
property valued at $50,000, at the corner
of Tenth street and Broadway, was
entered by James Moffitt, Alice S.
/Blake. William V. Witcher and Helen
F. Witcher to-day. Through an alleged
defect In the title Dove lays claim to
I the property, which once belonged to
his father.
Blake Heirs Enter Denial.
OAKLAND. March 18. — An unknown
man booked as John Doe Clark at the
detention ward of the Receiving Hos
pital created a disturbance to-day at
the Oakland mole and threatened to
burn down the depot. Nothing is known
as to where he came from or his ante
cedents. At the hospital he refuses to
eat, and is so violent that he had to be
strapped to his cot.
Threatens to Burn I>epot.
LOS ANGELES. March 18.-r-Joseph
W. Stark," charged with making
threats against the life of Henry E.
Huntington and his son and to blow
up the property of the Los Angeles
Railway Company, has been declared
to be sane by Judge Wilbur, before
whom the sanity inquiry was held.
The court stated that he believed
Stark to have made the threats al
leged, but that he is not insane. Stark
is undergoing treatment at the Coun
ty Hospital for injuries received in a
railway accident, and the case against
him will not be pushed further until
he Is discharged from the hospital.
Man Charged With Threatening Lives
of 11. I£/Huntlngton and Son
Must Stand Trial.
COURT HOLDS THAT
STARK IS NOT INSANE
OAKLAND, March 18.— A'divorce was
granted Alma A. Page from' Frederick
Page to-day by Judge Ellsworth on the
ground of extreme cruelty. They were
married last January, but- in the few
short weeks of her married life, the wife
alleges, she has gone through a terri
ble ordeal in which her life was threat
ened on many occasions. Finally she
was forced to have her husband ar
rested. He gave a cash bond of $500
and left town. - •
Soon Wearies of Wedlock.
OAKLAND, March 18. — Cornelius
Fitzgerald, a leader in the notorious
"Fish Gang," which has for years been
a terror to peaceably inclined citizens
of West Oakland, has been banished.
The cold, bleak shores of Alaska are
Fitzgerald's destination and he has
been given forty-eight hours in which
to leave the city. One year is pro
nounced as- the term of banishment.
If Fitzgerald shall be seen in Oakland
for a twelvemonth he goes to Jail for
Fix months each on charges of drunk
enness and vagrancy. All this was de
clared by Police Judge Samuels when
he disposed of the cases to-day.
Fitzgerald Banished.
OAKLAND, March 18.— Colonel P. A.
Flnnigan of Berkeley was cited to ap
pear before Judge Osden this-mornins
to ehow cause why he should not be
puciehed for contempt of court in hav
ing signed himself as attorney in a suit
brought by his three' daughters. Lil
lian, ilau'l and Miiry Finnigan, against
Attorneys James Sweeney and G. M.
Williams to recover property at Dv.ight
way and Ellsworth streets. The colonel
made his excuses and the Judge al
lowed him to go, but warned him that
he had committed a serious offense.
He had drawn up the papers himself
and filed them with the County Clerk,
signing himself as their attorney with
out ever having been admitted to th*
bar.
Iimiisan Cltrd for Contempt.
OAKLAND, March 18. — The Oak
land Transit Consolidated has with
drawn its application for a street rail
road franchise through East • Four
teenth street, from First avenue.
Property-owners along that thorough
fare had made preparations for a hard
contest before the City Council against
the application. Company officials have
informed the Council that they are
confident a new route through East
Oakland can be selected that will be
satisfactory to the property-owners
and residents. It has been suggested
to the company that the road be ex
tended through East Twelfth street.
Oakland Transit Abandons Applica
tion to Operate Car Line on East
Fourteenth Street.
WITHDRAWS PETITIOX
FOR A FRANCHISE
Director L. J. Hardy said to-night
that he would file a "report Monday
night covering a call for the district
bond election.
At the board meeting this evening
Mayor Olney was present by invita
tion and addressed the board. The
Mayor said he was glad the change In
plans had been made and he believed
a separate election was perfectly legal.
.The item of $960,000 covers the gram
mar and primary schools, making pro
vision fc-r school building sites, new
structures and additions. The Council
will retain in the general Improvements
schedule $150,000 for a proposed new
polytechnic high school building and
equipment.
This action was taken in line with
the request from the City Council bond
committee that a separate election be
held for the school bonds.
The Board of Education, in commit
tee of the whole, to-night decided to
call a district school board election for
Saturday, April 23, at which will be
submitted the proposition to bond Oak
land school district for $960,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 18.
Board Decides to Hold a
Separate District Election
in the Last Part of April
In the light of Davis' protest tlie
City Council has referred the matter
to ihe City Attorney for an opinion on
The legal phases. The City Attorney
has been requested to press the in
junction suit pending in the Superior
Court to a speedy hearing.
OAKLAND. March 18. — R. H. Davis
ha» made an urgent and forceful pro
test to the City Council against the
erection of billboards for advertising
purpose in this city. He has par
ticularly selected large board fences in
the vicinity of Tv.eifth. Oak and Fal
lon streets as nuisances and has sug
gested that the license tax on the
fence be raised to ?1000 a month, be
cause the billboard companies are re
sisting, by attempted injunction, the
rffort of thr City Council to regulate
fence advertising.
Cltizon I>erlnres lYnres Are Xnisanccs
and Council Asks City Attor
ney for liCga! Opinion.
MAKES STIFF PROTEST
AGAI.VST . 1U 1. 1. HOARDS
WILL SUBMIT
SCHOOL BONDS
The case of Alexander B. Oarnett.
charged with the murder of Major J.
W. McClung In the rooms of Mra.
Elizabeth Hitchcock-Coit in the Pal
ace Hotel on November 25, Is sst for
trial in Judge Lawlor's court on Mon
day, but it is doubtful if the trial will
proceed at that time.
Attorney W. D. Grady, on behalf of
the defendant, filed a motion in court
yesterday for the appointment of a
commission to take the evidence of
Dr. A. H. Garnett. Colorado Spring.
Colo., defendant's brother, and the
Judge continued the matter until 9
o'clock Monday morntnpr.
Grady said that a cablegram had
been received from Mrs. Coit from
Paris, France, to the effect that she
would be ready at any time to give
her testimony to a commissioner ap
pointed by thfl court and he suggested
that the court should appoint a com
mission. The Judge had already ru!e«l
against appointing a commission, but
said he might reconsider the matter
on Monday morning.
Grady also remarked that Mrs. Mc-
Clung was at present in San Diego ami
the Judge asked if she had been mib
penaed as a witness at the trial.
Grady replied in the regative and the
Judge advised L'm to do so at once.
I wa» surprised to notice how fast the cur
rents In the tidal canal have worn away the
north-side bank that divides the canal from
the diverting ditch. It was originally In
tended to riorap the banks of the canal to
prevent th«m from caving and making the
channel shallow. It appvars now that if this
Is not done soon to the north-side bank at
least between Fruitvale avenue and HUh
street, the narrow strip of earth separat
ing the tidal canal from the south wall of
the diverting ditch will be washed entirely
away, leaving nothing to separate the two
but th<5 unsupported plankingr and piling
W Ith no dike to support the south wall o*
the diverting ditch the latter would be almont
worthies*. If th« hanks of the tidal canal
were rlprapped as they should be the divert
ing ditch would continue to answer the pur
pose for which It was planned, to carry the
slickens of Sausal Creek to the flats of San
Leandro Bay. As matters are a break Is
liable to occur In the diverting ditch and the
debris will then flew directly Into the tidal
canal. "-:
and permit the great volume of storm
slickens that are now coming down
Sausal Creek to flow directly into the
tidal canal and fill up that channel,
upon which the United States Govern
ment expended nearly a million dollars
as a part of the Oakland Harbor Im
provement project. At present the di
verting ditch conveys the Sausal Creek
debris Into San Leandro Bay, spread
ing it over the flats south of Melrose.
Between Frultvale and High street
there are four places where the levee
against the south wall of the divert
ing ditch has fallen away, exposing the
planking and piling to the action of
the tides in the canal. The first of
these landslides is about eight hundred
feet west of Fruitvale avenue and Is
fifty feet wide. There are a number of
leaks in the bottom of the ditch at that
point and through these the water of
Sausal Creek is making Its way Into
the tidal canal and undermining the
ditch bottom. There is another large
slide midway between Fruitvale ave
nue and High street and two other
smaller ones. In some places the south
wall of the diverting ditch is the only
partition between that channel and the
tidal canal. Sausal Creek ia now higher
than It has been for many seasons and
a great body of water and slickens is
coming down from the hills north of
Fruitvale.
The diverting ditch cost the United
States Government $55,000 to construct
and should the bottom fall out of it in
any place It will be worthless as a
part of the Oakland Harbor project.
City Engineer William R. Poyser,
who has taken a close interest in the
tidal canal since work was first com
menced on the s big waterway, nearly
twenty years ago, has closely observed
the action of the tides on the banks of
the channel and of the flood running
through the diverting ditch. With ref
erence to them he said:
GARXETT MURDER TRIAL.
SET FOR MONDAY NEXT
The action involved the title to the
property known as the Sessions Basin,
upon which the plaintiff has expended
570,000.
Sessions claimed that he had a con
tract with H. W. Carpentier to buy the
land and he did take possession of It
and expended money for improvements.
He, however, failed to make the final
payment of $50,000, which became due
In 1S97, and only made a tender of the
money in 1901. After putting In his
side of the case, attorneys for De
Fremery made a motion for a nonsuit
upon the ground that he had failed to
show that he had perfected his title.
Two days were consumed in the argu
ment. When it was finished this aft
ernoon Judge Hall decided In favor of
the defendant and granted Its motion,
tlon.
A suit over property valued at $150,
000 was decided against C. E. Sessions
this afternoon by Judge Hall and in
favor of the Oakland Harbor Develop
ment Company, of which James L.. de
Fremery is president and principal
stockholder. De Fremery stated In
court that he owned twelve-fourteenths
of the stock of the corporation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 18.
Granted Nonsuit Against
C. E. Sessions in Action
Over Valuable Property
The best man seems to be the whole
thing and his office is akin to the Chris
tian minister's. First he introduces the
bride and groom and then serves them
and himself with cups of sake. Three
drops of it are poured into three dif
ferent crescent shaped vessels, which
graduate in size. Each of the trio
drinks from each of these cups. This
ceremony is called ean san kudo.
In the meantime the wedding party
la regaled with a sort of low chant
ing, in which the best man and the
guests in the other room participate.
Afterward they eat dried wsh, and the
nex't day the friends of the bridal party
come with presents and sit down to a
great. feast.
These rites were all observed in the
wedding of Miss Toshi and Mr. Ma
klno at midnight last Sunday in the
groom's little home at 1546 Dwight way.
All the way from Tokio t<r Berkeley
came Miss Makai Toshi, a Japanese
maiden of comely mien and picturesque
gowns, to marry Saklo Maklno, a pros
perous florist. They were married last
Sunday night, the day after her ar
rival on the Siberia from the Orient,
and thereby hangs a tale of a strange
wedding - ceremony, estimated from
Christian standards, and a pretty chap
eron with a touch of romance in her
story. j .
Now Miss .Toshi did not travel alone.
She is the daughter of a coal merchant
at Shizuoka, a town a hundred miles
from Tokio, and her people know some
thing of the demands of American so
ciety. They found a chaperon In Ma
dame Fumi Agata, whose husband is
Frank Agata, a student at the Univer
sity of California, and from whom she
has been separated since their mar
riage seven years ago.
The Japanese wedding rites are per
formed at dead of night. Bride and
groom enter the room from different
doors. The apartment is dimly lighted
and none but the best man is permit
ted there with the enchanted couple,
for fear of the groom marrying the
wrong girl in the dark.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, March IS.
CASE DECIDED
FOR DE FREUERT
Among the many events being planned for
the future Is a large card party, for which
Miss Mary Wilson has s«?nt out cards. March
2<J is. the date selected and Miss May Burdge
will be the guest of honor.
Mine Mary Mleux. who Is visiting Mra. C.
C Clay at Level L*a. was the, motif for a
little informal gathering at Miss May Coogan'a
Wednesday afternoon. , ,• i
An evening with bridge whist was recently
enjoyed at the home of MIfs Elizabeth Me-
Near, on Linden street. The guests were:
Mr. and Mr*. George W. Mr-Near Jr., Mr. and
Hrr. William Pierce Johnson, Miss de
Kremery. Miss Ellen Chabot. Mr. and Mr«.
George Grtenwood. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Lacy
Brayton. Mr. and Mrs, Harry East Miller.
Mr. and Mrs. William Hubbard. Miss Annie
Miller, Paul Miller and others.
The Alameda County King's Daughters'
Horn* for Incurables Circle will bold a recep
tion at the home on Wednesday. March 23.
from L' 10 <; p. m. A programme of music
will be given and the affair promises to be as
enjoyable as have been former events at the
home. Among the musicians who will assist
in entertaining are: The Misses Theresa and
1,1'y Sherwood, with mandolin' and ! guitar;
Mrs. Eva Shorey Corson. soprano; Miss Ruth
Waterman, contralto; Miss Fannie Lawton,
violinist.
Mrs. J. Cal Ewing entertained a gmall
euchre club to-day and the member* enjoyed
a very .pleasant, afternoon. The lucky prize
winners were Mrs. Mehrmann. Mrs. Emery
and Mrs. Smith. The club membership In
cludes Mr*. W. A. Schrock. Mrs. Frederick
Morse. Mrs. Frank Wedgewood, Mrs. Wlnton
cf Harwards. Mrs. Reynolds. Mrs. H. B. Mehr
mar.n. Mrs. J S Emery. Mrs David Smith,
Mn. Sam Platt Mrs. William Weilbye. Mrs.
Walter Moody Mrs. Robert Boyer. Mrs. Dletz r
Miss Nellie Diets. Mrs. Whltehead. Mrs. I. A.
B«-retta and Mrs. Ewlng.
The Neighborhood Club met last evening at
tho residence of Mr. and Mrs. F. I. Kendall.
In honor of St. Patrick the decorations were In
crecn and ' each guest auspiciously flaunted
the emerald colors. ' The usual whist games
were enjoyed.
These I'resent were Mr. and Mrs. W. S.
Baxter, Mr. and Mrs. George Cope, Mr. and
Mrs. T. C. Cooran, Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Oof
rill. Mr. and Mrs. J. It. Burnham, Mr. and
Mrs. William Morris. Mr. and Mrs. William
I^etts Oliver. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Tale. Mr.
and Mrs. F. 1. Kendall. Mr. and Mrs. Hay
ward. G. Thomas. Mr- and Mrs. Charles
Snook, Mr. and Mr». J. W. Nelson.
I-at< r <n tbe afternoon a few other friends
came in quite informally, among these late
arrivals being Miss Letilla Barry. Miss Isa-
Ix-lle Kendall. Mifs Marion Walsh, Miss Myr
tle Sima. MUs Cornelia, i-tratton, Mtsa Irene
Ban:*, Ml5s Lillian Isaacs and Mi.-f Llllie
Heed.
OAKLAND, March IS.— Miss Ethfl Kent
and the young lad Irs who are to be her brides
maids enjoyed several delightful hours to-day
at the home of Jlifs Noelle de Golla, on Har
rlaon street. The day's festivity besran with
the daintiest of luncheons at noon," served
in the shadow of yellow ji>nquil8 arranged In
artistic profusion on the table. Cover* were
laid for Mis» Kent. Miss Kathleen Kent, Miss
Florence White. Miss Mattie Milton and Miss
d» Golla. , .
}Iiss Makai Toshi Crosses
Pacific to Meet and Wed
Prosperous Berkeley Man
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
JAPANESE MAID
BECOMES BRIDE
The district convention will also
nominate a Republican candidate for
Congressman in the Third District,
v. hich will undoubtedly be Victor H.
Metcalf, the incumbent.
The committee will meet on April
26 and appoint the delegates from the
outside sections. The primaries will be
held in the four cities named on Tues
day, May 3, and the district conven
tion will be held in Oakland on May 14.
This convention will nominate district
delegates to the National Republican
Convention. These delegates will prob
ably be George W. Reed of Oakland
and Senator J. J. Luchsinger of Solano.
These district delegates will then act
as delegates to the State Republican
Convention at Sacramento, which will
nominate delegates at large to the Re
publican National Convention.
OAKLAND, March IS— The Repub
lican committee of the Third Congres
sional District finally issued its call to
day for an election for delegates to a
Congressional and State convention for
the. counties of Alameda, Contra Costa
and Sola no. In -the towns of Oakland.
Alameda, Berkeley and Vallejo there
will be primaries hHd. In other sec
tions of the. district the delegates will
be appointed by the committeemen for
those sections*
in tin* District Comprising
Three Counties.
How the Delegates Will Bo Selected
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE
ISSUl^S AX ELECTION CALL
The part of the jail that communi
cates directly with this basement is
the kitchen, where six or eight pris
oners are employed, and it is believed
that while some were making a show
of working one of their number was
busy burrowing in the wall. The door
has been double locked and barred un
til Rome other means can be devised
to strengthen this part of the building.
The peculiar part of the affair is that
it cannot be ascertained which of the
prisoners are guilty, but it is belie\'ed
that a number were in the' plot. Im
mediately under the jail office is a
basement that has never been occupied.
There is a small iron door leading into
this basement that is always locked,
but in some manner the prisoners pro
cured a key to the door and, choosing
a dark corner of the wall, started to
dig for freedom.
A bold attempt of prisoners to cut
their way through the walls of the
County Jail was discovered to-day
through the vigilance of the deputies
under Sheriff Bishop and that part of
the building in which they operated
is now barred with heavy locks until
the damage can be repaired. With a
little more enlarging and a kick- the
outside row of bricks in the heavy wall
would have gone out and left a breach
large enough for a man to crawl
through.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 18.
The company paid taxes amounting
to about 5100 under protest and has
brought suit to recover the money. The
District AttQjjiey to-day filed his de
murrer to tl.e complaint, which was
overruled by the Judge.
It Is the opinion « ' District Attor
ney All^n that the franchise of the
Western Union Telegraph Company Js
exempt from taxation, and while he is
maintaining 'a suit against the com
pany for the retention of the taxes col
lected upon an assessment by Henry
P. Dalton a decision of the Supreme
Court directly against the position he
has 'aken In tl.e matter has forced him
to the conclusl .n that this franchise
is exempted by the Federal Govern
ment.
"In this connection," he said, "I have
found a decision in the 96 Califonia
Reports which states that by reason of
the fact that the Gevernment has given
the "Western Un!-n a franchise over its
public Iiighways the company In re
turn gives Government messages pri
ority over any other business. By this
means the Government carries out part
of its powers of sovereignty. The rates
are fixed by the Postmaster General,
and it states directly that no State has
the right to tax this franchise and
that such an act is null and void. In
the face of this decision flat against
me, I do net see what I can do."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. March IS.
A list ef convictions numbering ten
ur twelve are now in the hands of the
District Attorney and Carroll is prom
ised a showing up in court such as he
has never had before.
He has stated that he will plead
pu!lty and take his sentence. This has
been a part of his plan for years. When
caught he immediately pleaded guilty,
giving a new name each time. This
action on his part saved him from hav
ing Lis record run down and secured
him short sentences.
It has Wn discovered that William
Cam*;], colored, alias Charles Walker,
arrested in company with Thomas
O'Xelll for robbing John Hanrahan. a
Civil War veteran, of $r>0 at the Emery
ville racetrack is « star criminal with
a long record of conviction?, and Dep
uty District Attorney Everett Brown is
preparing his record with a view to
placing the prisoner where he will do
r.n harm for many years to come. Car
roll has been convicted of larceny, bur
glary and forgery in San Francisco
and burglary in this county and has a
dozen or more prior convictions against
his name.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Hrpadway, March 18.
Jail Delivery Is Prevented
and Now Double Locks
Guard the Passageway
Saves Himself From Severe
Punishment by Keeping
His Becord From Light
Franchise Is Granted by
the Government in Re
turn for Special Favors
R. A. an-1 Florence E. Berry (wife) to Flora
A. Baldwin, lots 0 and 7. block 108. and lot*
23 to 23. block 11.1, map of lands of Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association.
Berkeley; $10.
David V. and Nettie M. Stanase to same,
lots 22 to 23, block S. Alpine Tract. Oakland:
110.
Melville Auerbach (single) to Reginald Mar
shall. E half of lot 4 and W 12:6 of lot
5 map of Beckett's (second) Addition; Oak
land: ¥10.
J. S. and Emily V. Marshall fwlfe) to S.
D. Ayera. lot on W line r>t Etna street. 1<!O
8 of Dwlgbt way, 8 4O by \V 133. portion
of lot 4. block 3. property of John Kearney,
etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Golden Gate Syndicate (corporation) to Ed
ward Cavanagh. all that portion of lot 10.
block 4. lying S of 8 line of Bancroft way
as now opened and E of W boundary line- •>*
land now of second party hereto, map plan
of State University Homestea"3 Association.
Berkeley (quitclaim deed): $5.
A. L. and Abbie C. Payne (wife) (by M.
M. Fit* their attorney), to same, same, Berke
ley (quitclaim deed); $5.
Charles W. and Mary E. Keel (wife> and
David U. Stanare to E. A. Dickey and W. A.
Boscow. lot on 8 line of Sixty-first tUly)
street. 1<V:.42 W of Telegraph (Humbolrtn
avenue. W 51.09. 8 100. E 25. N ICO. lets 0
and portion lots 5 to 8, block C. map resubdl
vlfrton blocks A to P\ map No. 3, Roberts A
Wotfsklll Tract. Oakland: $10.
S. M. Narlnian to Bertha F. Narinlan fwtfel.
lot on W line of Elm street. 4f> S of E<1ward.«.
S SI, W 125. N 2S. E 81. S3. E 44, portion of
lots 44 and +•">. map Pacific Theological Semi
nary Tract No. 2. Oakland; sift.
Georjre H. and Agnes Hall (wife) and 'Wil
liam O'Malla (single) to David V. Stallage, lots
22 and 23. block S. map Alpine Tract. Oak
land: (to.
Elizabeth Wall and Samuel W. Cheyn^y
(husbamf) to Catherine A. Hathaway, lot on
NW corner of College avenue ani Stuart street.
N 100 by W 1«. lota 11 and 12. block A.
Berry-Bangs Tract. Berkeley, deed and agree
ment; $10.
Mary Walker (English) (widow) to ¦William
Jeapersen. let on XK line of Mattie arenue at
Intersection with E line of Park street. M S^.OS.
E 40. S 73.S0. NW 43.79. lot 42. block C, Par
son's Golden Oate Tract. Oakland: 110.
Alexander V. and Mary A. Taylcr (Vife) t3
Annie Campbell twidow). let on N> line iZ
Twenty-flrst «or HobarO street, , 333.91a E o?
Pan Pablo avenue. E 10 by N IWi. portion of
lot 27. corrected map of Jones Tract. Oakland;
12800.
William W. and Jos»phin<» Hannelin to Frame
and Amelia Basttan. lot on W line of Madison
street. 75 N of Seventh, N 23 by W 75. blocVs
61, KellersberzeT' 8 maj. Oakland: also lot on
E line of Madison street. 23 S of Seventh. 3
25 by E 100. block 127, Kellersbergers map.
Oakland; fltx
F. or Frank Kings to Benjamin T Mouser.
lot on W line of Telegraph av-nue. 60:1** K of
Brown (or Thirty- fourth) street. N' 30. W 1*0.
S 2S-.11. E H«>. bein» S portion of lot 11. ma?
B. map of jxirtlon of estate of A. C. Brown.
Oakland: *1"
Dellma Thlbault (widow) to William W. an'l
Josephine Hamelin. let on W ltn« of Madison
utreet, 73 N of Sixth, N 2a by W 75, lot lft,
block 61, Kellersberger'a map. Oakland; $10.
Lewis M. and M. I>. Harrison (wife) to Mar
garet F. Neill (widow), lot on N line, of MiHor*
street. 10O W of San Pablo avenue.* W :» by
N 1UO. being E one-half i.i lot 16. Mlln-a
Tract, etc.. Oakland: $li>.
Ktliet Soule (Pomroy). Ahc« S. Blake isoi*
trustee under the will of Francis Blake, de
ceased) and Beach C Soul* to Charles Douj
ery. lot on S lice of Albion street, 187 W of
TelerTaph avenue. \V 40. S 142.66. E 40. >T
142 more or less, Dortion of lots 27 and 2S.
Alden Tract. Oakland: »10. 1
John W. Harris to Frank P. Doyle, all in
terest In lot on S line of Twelfth street. 1498
E of Broadway. B 26 by 8 100. block 159, Kel
1ersb#rger's map. Oakland; also all Interest .»f
estate ot H<»nry Harris In above described
land. Oakland: S1O.
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
FRIDAY. MARCH IS.
ALWAYS PLEADS GUILTY
OFFICERS ARE VIGILANT
District Attorney Discovers
a -Criminal With a Long
List of Prior Convictions
THINKS CAUSE HOPELESS
Alameda County District
Attorney Quotes Decision
of the* Supreme Court
Bricks Removed From Foun
dation Wall Until Only
the Outside Row Remains
SAYS CARROLL
IS A BAD MAN
DISCOVERS HOLE
IN THE PRISON
WESTERN UNION
HAY BE EXEMPT
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1904.
6
NEW ADVEBTISEJSEUTS.
HEALTHY PLANTS
Require the Hoit Careful Attention as
Well as Good Soil.
Did you ever see a rosebush which —
despite the most beneficent envlforiTnent
of soil — of sunshine — and of atmosphere
— seemed never to achieve a healthy
growth.
A ton of manure will not help a plant
that has a canker eating out its heart.
You must destroy the cause before you
can remove the effect.
You cannot cure dandruff and baldness
by rubbing on hair lotions and rubbing
in vaseline, etc.
You must look to the cause of the
trouble — It's a germ at the roots of your
hair which causes it to fall out.
Newbro's Herpicide destroys the germ,
and healthy hair is the sure result.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co..
Detroit. Mich.
BBIDGEWORK AT COST.
Why wear a cumbersome olate that
covers the. roof of the mouth when
you can have teeth without? Our pro-
fessor of bridgework personally su-
perintends this work and furnisher a
written Kuarantee for ten vears.
Painless Methods. Cleaning Free.
Graduates Only. Extracting Free.
Week Days, 9 to q; Sundays, o to I,
Post-Graduate Dental College,
. Saa ZTanolsco — 3 Taylor Street.
OaSUnd — B73 Washington Street.
San Jo i a — 15 Cast Santa Clara StrMt.
Sacramento — 407 J Street.
GaAPE-NTJTS.
People Don't
Feel Bad
when fed right
Grape=Nuts
Pre-dlRested Pood.
Get little book, "The Road to
Wellville," In each pkg.
OAKIiAXI>-
11 IS Brqiidwny-
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 17.
AI«A3IEDA-
14S5 Park Street
Telephone Ea£le 303.
BBANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYsubject, the case vas continued until
a week from next Monday, when Archi
tect Kohlberg will be summoned to ex
plain why "The Octavia" «s without
fire ladders.
Dr. Daojrlas A. ¦ Hare, dentist, has removed
his office irom 1S02 Market ¦treet to corner
Market and Church streets. •
The argument on the demurrer in
terposed by Herman and Jacob Ep
plnger to the indictment charging
them with, obtaining money by false'
pretenses was to have been made be
fore Judge Lawlor yesterday after
noon, but by consent it was continued
till Monday afternoon.
Eppinger Argument Continued.
Great r»ce meet at Tanforan. to-day, Satur
day. Special train leaves Third and Townsehd
streets for track at 1:50 p. m. -Special round
trip tickets 40 cents. Ask Southern Pacifio
agents. •
Pony Races To-Day.
Vivian C. Everhard, who was ar
rested on Thursday night with Robert
B. Collins, will be taken, to Fresno to
stand his trial on a charge of burglary
for breaking Into the jewelry store of
H. C. Warner. Chief Wittman notified
Chief J. D. Morgan of Fresno of Ever
hard's arrest and received a reply yes
terday to hold him and the jewelry
found on him and an officer would be
sent to take him back. Collins prob
ably will be discharged.
Will Be Taken Back to Fresno.
P. Synopolis was arrested yesterday
on a warrant from Police Judge Mo
gan's court charging him, on com
plaint of Dr. Dudley Tait, president of
the State Board of Medical Examiners,
with practicing medicine without a
certificate. Synopolis some days ago
had Dr. Gerino arrested on a charge of
stealing a bottle of medicine, but the
case was dismissed, ' and Gerino had
him arrested for maliciously swearing
out a warrant for his (Gerino's) ar
rest.
Synopolis Again in Trouble.
The trial of Nicola Crudo for the
murder of Prospero MigaJo was re
sumed before a jury in Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday. The defendant tes
tified in his own behalf and claimed
that he shot in self-defense, as Migalo
was coming toward him with a knife
in his hand. His evidence was prac
tically the same as that given by his
nephew, Joseph Crudo, on Thursday.
The prosecution called two witnesses
in rebuttal and the case was continued
till Monday, when counsel will address
the jury.
Crudo Trial Xearing Close.
PAKIS. March IS. — The taking of evidence*
in the cases of Masse and Moranne. charged
with giving faJse testimony In the Fair litiga
tion, was concluded to-day. The court's de
cision wlii be rendered March 24.
T. T. Browning, Chief of Police of
Ogden, and Sheriff J. W. Bailey re
ported at police headquarters yester
day morning. They have come to take
back John Sullivan, alias Jack Furey,
who is wanted there on a charge of
robbery. Sullivan was one of a gang
of desperate crooks, fifteen in number,
which committed numerous hold-ups
last fall and shot and killed two spe
cial officers. Sullivan denies that he
had anything to do with the murders,
but the officers say he does not deny
the robbery charge. They will also
take back "with them Fred Rodgers, a
bo}' that escaped from the Reform
School at Ogden. They saw him on
the street with another boy, ¦who
escaped at the same time, and cap
tured him. The other boy, John
Adams, dodged away from them.
Will Take Sullivan Back.
Edward S. Sproat of the bankrupt
grocery firm of Sproat Bros, was ar
rested last Thursday by United States
Marshal Shine on an attachment issued
by United States District Judge de
Haven for having failed to file his j
schedule of assets and liabilities. He j
will be taken before Judge de Haven j
at 10 o'clock this morning to show j
cause why he failed to comply with
the requirements of the bankruptcy
law. Joseph C. Campbell, Sproat's at
torney, gave his personal assurance to
Marshal Shine that his client would I
appear to-day in pursuance of the pro
cess Issued by the court.
Attaching the body of an involun
tary bankrupt for failing to file a
schedule is a very .unusual proceed- 1!
ing, and this appears to be the first
time that such a process has been is
sued in this State. The creditors are-j
very anxious «o ascertain the where- j
abouts and extent of Sproat's assets, I
and for that purpose they took advan- [
tage of a clause in the bankruptcy act j
to have an attachment issued for his ;
arrest so that he might be compelled
to answer in court as to his assets. . ;
There are proceedings pending j
against Sproat in the Superior Court j
and he has been already indicted by i
the City and County Grand Jury for .
attempting to defraud his creditors. !
The following application was made to
Judge de Haven last Thursday by
Frank & Mansfield, attorneys for Siebe
Bros. & Plagemann, M. J. Brandenstein j
& Co.. Martin Dangers & Camm and I
F. Hillens, petitioning creditors:
The petitioning creditors In the above en
titled matter respectfully represent:
That on the 3d day of March, 1904, tb.% laid
Edward S. Fproat vae duly adjudged a bank
rupt by this honorable court:
That on the 7th day of March, 1904, said
bankrupt fas served with notice to file a
schedule oT his creditors and of his property, j
as required by section 7, subdivision S of the >
acts of Congress relating to bankruptcy:
That said bankrupt has failed to comply |
with the said notice and, has failed to furnish!
a schedule of his creditors and property. That i
more than ten (10) days have elapsed since j
the date of said adjudication in bankruptcy.
Wherefore, said petitioning creditors make I
application to this honorable court for an. at- }
tachment against said Edward S. Sproat. and
that said Edward S. Pproat be brought before
this court to ehow cause why he should not
be punished for contempt for failure to file j
such schedules. :
Dated. March 17th, 1904. '
In accordance with the foregoing ap
plication Judge de Haven issued the
order for the arrest.
Judge de Haven Commands
Him to Appear and Show
Cause for His Neglect
When the story of how Annie Dunn
had maltreated her invalid husband
had been told - by Policeman TV. M.
Phillips and Beveral other witnesses.
Judge Mogan sent the woman to Jail
for three months and expressed regret
A friend of Eugene Wanderer pur
chased a lottery ticket and won a wad
of money, and when Eugene heard of
the occurrence he allowed it to monopo
lize his mind, so on St. Patrick's day
he did rot realize that the heavens
were weeping until Policemen Doherty
and Jewell called his attention to that
fact and demanded to know what he
meant by aimlessly wandering in the
¦net. His answer being unsatisfactory,
the officers searched bis sodden cloth
ing and In one of the pockets found two
tickets issued by a Mexican lottery.
Then they arrested him for having the
lilc-pal coupons in his possession.
"It is true. Judge," pleaded Mr. Wan
derer, "that I did not have sense
enough to get out of the rain, for my
mind was completely absorbed by the
good luck of my friend. Nor do I re
member buying the lottery tickets that
these officers have produced in evidence
against me. If I took any drinks — the
officers declare I had been drinking
when they found me — I have no recol
lection of having done bo."
"A most extraordinary case of mental
aberration." commented the Judge,'
'and as this is ycur first introduction
to roe. and rou seem to have done
nothing more reprcscnEible than to
make an animated sponge of yourself,
I'm Inclined to let you go, provided you
promise that never again shall the in
ridlous blandishments of the fickle pod
?iees be permitted to keep you out in
the rain when you have no umbrella."
Mr. Wanderer promised and respect
fully withdrew.
Police treatment of hopeless victims ;
of the opium habit was then taken up j
ard logically discussed by Judge Mo
gan, his remarks being addressed di
rf-ctly to Officer Hicks, but apparently
aimed at the force as a whole.
Robert Lane, a most pitiable locrk
inp "dope" fiend, had been arrested
v. h:!e he was loitering in the vicinity
at a Kearny-street drug store that
makes a specialty of Belling opium. He
was not doing anything particularly
harmful — just loitering — when OiTlcer
Hicks took him in and booked him
for vagrancy. A few days aero a s=im
lliur charge against him was dismissed
by Judge Fritz, who then expressed the
opinion that it v.-as useless to send such
a human wreck to jail, and it was
evident that Judse Mogan did not ad
mire the police enterprise that resulted
in having the derelict placed before
him.
"This man — or remains of a man —
should have been sent back to his
haunts In Chinatown instead of being
brought here." said the Judge to the
policeman. "He is a hopeless slave to
the opium habit, and opium is all he
cares for. Imprisonment cannot have
cither runitive or reformatory effect on
him. and to imprison him is absolutely
useless. So long as their only offense
i? that of existing, he and his kind
should be kept within the confines of
Chinatown, where their appearance
•iocs not shock nor their presence con
taminate. Take this creature back to
Chinatown, and see to it that he is re
turned there every time he crosses the
boundary. Do not bring him here again
until he commits wme offense more se
rioiis than that of living out his mis
erable life."
Tbe tottering, wild-eyed wretch was
led away.
Mfltcn Rice, stalwart of fram« and
aggressive cf manner, was before Judge
Mogan on a charge of .peddling with
out a licer.se, and in defense of his
misdemeanor he airily pleaded inability
to procure enough money to purchase
the requisite permit. He came from
the East about a menth ago, he added,
end adopted peddling as an honest
r.eacf of earning a livelihood.
"And an easy means as well." said
the Judge, eurveying with critical eye
the herculean physical proportions of
llr. Rice- "With your physique and
forwardness cf manner you should be
able to obtain employment at any kind
c»f unskilled labor, but evidently you
are not yearning for hard work. Ped
dling is a business better suited for
the aged and infirm than for such a
giant as you. Mr. Rice, and I would
advis* you to turn your muscular hand
to some other vocation until you have
earned sufficient money to peddle — if
r«3dle you must — in a legal manner.
I'll remand you for one week, and if
you are not accompanied by a ped
dler's license when next you appear
before me I'll fine you $10 for peddling
without cne."
Mr. Rice's demeanor was less arro
gant as he vent forth to "hustle."
In defense of their conduct Murphy
and Buckley pleaded that they are au
thorized to capture any dog and ex
amine it to ascertain if it is properly
tagged, but Judge Fritz contested that
pica, stating that they should exercise
discretion in their overhauling canines.
Folic* Judg-e Fritz fcund Deputy
Pourzdkeepers Arthur Murphy and
Charles Buckley guilty of cruelty to
animals ar.d severely censured their
official stupidity cr arrogance that led
to their arrest on complaint of Cap
tain W. S. Overton of the Coast Ar
tillery, whese St. Bernard dog j they
".::?;ed upon seizing despite the fact
;ha: a license tag was attached to the
. ;u.Tal's collar. They will be sentenced
j. xt Wednesday.
Captain Overton and his wife were
<!rivisg along Van Ness avenue one
day last week, their St. Bernard trot
t'.ng behind the buggy, when Murphy
and Buckley tried to net the dog. ignor
ir.jr its owr.ers' assurance that it was
duly licensed to run at large. To save
the animal from threatened injury
'"aptain Overton lifted it into the
but the pounamen continued
•^winging- th*ir net, striking and maim
:r.g the dop and narrowly missing Mrs.
<"'vertos. Then the tag on the dog's
collar was exhibited to them, and they
desisted. This statement of Captain
and Mrs. Overton was corroborated by
Mrs. Morgan, who witnessed the occur
rence from the sidewalk.
Policeman Earle stated that ever
Fince the beginning of January he had
been attracting Mrs. Peyser's attention
to the necessity of having "The Octa
via" supplied with fire escapes, but she
had ignored his reminders and he found
it necessary to arrest her to prove that
he meant business.
"It seems to me," remarked the
Judge, "that if I were managing a
boarding-house I would be as eager as
any policeman to have my boarders
provided" with all arailable, facilities
for escape in the event of flre. And if
the owner of the premises declined to
pay for guch facilities, I think I would
pay for them myself and then deduct
their cost from the rent."
After some further discussion of the
Mrs. Annie Peyser, landlady of "The
Octavia." an apartment-house at 1423
Octavia" street, protested to Judge
Mosan that it was not her duty to
equip that structure with fire escapes,
and complained that Policeman A. S.
Earle had overstepped his duty when
he arrested her for neglecting to com
ply with his oft-repeated request that
she provide some means of escape for
her boarders in the event of nocturnal
conflagration and impossibility of them
finding egress via the ordinary routes.
She »aid, furthermore, that if fire
escapes are necessary the owner of the
building. Architect Kohlberg, should
erect them.
Fred Helbush and Fred Tapley were
accused, before Judge Mogan, of
having perforated with revolver bullets
the cellar walls of Mr. Travers' resi
dence, 110 Second avenue. Richmond
district. The complainant stated that
the safety cf his family was en
dangered, to say nothing of the prop
erty damage effected, by the leaden
missiles fired by the defendants, and
that he desires to have them compelled
to select some other target when they
go out to pistol practice. - •:;•
No contradiction of the complainant's
charge was entered, the only defense
offered being that the scene of the
shooting is outside the boundary of the
district in which the discharge of fire
arms is prohibited by law. This plea
was takpn under advisement and mean
lime Mr. Travers will amend his com
plaint to malicious mischief," which is
a misdemeanor anywhere within the
boundaries of San Francisco.
Plans and specifications of the frame
building at the southwest corner of
Jackson and Broderick streets were
produced in Mogan's court to show
whether the structure was three in one
or one in three, and at the conclusion
of an exhaustive examination of ex
perts the question remained undecided
and was continued till next Monday,
when more experts will testify.
The inquiry was incidental to the
charge of Health Inspector Mulligan
th?_t the building is three separate and
distinct buildings with only one drain
pipe, whereas it should have three.
George F. Duffy, plumber, alleges, on
the other hand, that the building is only
one building, and that its one drain
pipe meets all the legal requirements.
"I'd like to see you young people
get along amicably," said the Judge,
"for the haby's sake as much as your
own. . I do not want to deprive your
wife and child* of a livelihood, Henry,
and for that reason I will let you go
if you will promise to abstain from
quarreling with her. Do not make such
a promise unless you intend to keep
it, for if you ever come before me again
on this charge, your wife's helplessness
will not be allowed to help you."
The husband gave emphatic assur
ance that he would never again pro
mote domestic discord.
¦ a a
Then came John Henry, a pale-faced
young man, charged with having, as-
Fauited his equally young and equally
Eallow-complexioned wife in their home
on Clara street, near Fifth. Policeman
Phillips was the complaining witness
in this case also, and he testified that
.Mr. and Mrs. Phillips frequently dis
turbed their neighbors by quarreling.
A fourteen months old baby crowed
in his wife's arms as she sat in court.
Mrs. Henry hoped her husband would
not be sent to jail, for he was the only
means she had of supporting herself
and baby. He was a clerk and earned
a good salary. She was unable to ex
plain why they did not dwell in har
mony. He might be to blame for the
marital friction and the fault might
be hers. Yes, it was just possible that
both of them were to blame for it.
that he could not extend the maximum
penalty for disturbance of the peace
so as to double the period of incarcera
tion prescribed for her.
The Dunns live on Shipley street, be
tween Fourth and Fifth, and a flock
of neighbors testified that the hus
band is a weak invalid ana the wife
a sturdy termagant. While he was able
to work the man was industrious and
frusral and saved some money, while
the woman was neither an economical
housekeeper nor a cheerful wife. So
when a chronic malady incapacitated
the breadwinner for labor he discreet
ly took charge of the family treasury
and gave the woman such sums as
were needed for current expenses.
She did not relish the restraint thus
r'.aced upon her penchant for extrava
gant expenditure, and constantly de
manded more funds, which demands
were as steadily refused, despite their
attempted enforcement by violence.
The sick man was frequently beaten
until the neighbors rescued him from
the infuriated woman, and It was with
the object of allowing him to end his
numbered days in peace and avert his
probable murder that they finally ap
peaJod to Policeman Phillips to put a
stop to the cruelty. So the policeman
embraced the first opportunity to ar
rest the woman. He caught her in the
act of ferociously beating her spouse
last Thursday.
"I am very sorry." said the court,
"that a charge more serious than that
of disturbing- the peace was not entered
against this defendant, and I regret
that the law does not allow me to sen
tence her to prison for a more extend
ed period than three months. The
lonper she is in jail the better it would
i»e for the helpless victim of her bru
tality — a brutality that makes her a
disgrace to her sex. Take her away,
Mr. Bailiff."
E. A. Belcher, .who has been prom
inent for some years in the councils
of the California Miners' Association,
has written a communication in which
he discusses the subject of ground
sluicing in the light cf the decision of
the Supreme Court of California in
the Kate Hayes case. The decision
was fi!ed last December. Since then
there has been some query, especially
outside of this State, about the effect
upon California. Mr. Belcher says
that some operators have scented dan
ger to the mining industry- .There is
no such dnnger, and to this phase of
the matter Mr. Belcher applies him
self vigorously. A part of his com
munication is given herewith for the
amount of information that it contains
that may not be readily accessible to
many who are interested in mining
pursuits.
"The court," says Mr. Belcher, "did
not extend the doctrine of Woodruff
vs. North Bloomfleld, etc., known as
the 'mining debris case.' and mining
industries conducted on the water
sheds of the Sacramento and San Joa
quln rivers are in no greater danger
now than they were after the filing
of the decree ip the mining debris case.
In the mining debris case the defend
ants were using large heads of water
for mining by the hydraulic process
and discharging their tailings Into the
tributaries of the Sacramento River,
whereby, as the court found, the river
had already become so silted up as
to endanger the fertile, agricultural
lands of the plains, and whereby navi
gation of the river and of San j Pablo
Pay and of San Francisco Bay had
been impeded. In the Kate Hayes case
the defendants were using large heads
of water (25O0 Inches) for mining by
the 'ground sluice process,' by which
as disclosed by the evidence, great
quantities of tailings were carried into
the tributaries of the Yuba River,
where, for the same reasons as those
obtaining in the mining debris case,
they became a continuing menace to.
valuabfe property.
"The court finds that the ground
sluice process (as shown in that case)
'produced the same effect in kind as
the !.; Jlrnulic process, only to a less
degree.' The . gravamen of the action
was, as it must be in every such case,
that material injury had been done and
was being threatened. Mining on the
water sheds of the Sacramento River—
to \7hich the Yuba, Bear, Feather,
American and Mokelumne rivers are
tributary, and upon the water sheds of
the San Joaquin River— to which the
Calaveras, Stanislaus. Tuolumne and
Merced rivers are tributary, stands in
no greater danger from injunction now
than It has at any time since the entry
of the decree in the .mining debris case.
Now, as then, the courts would take
cognizance only of material injury. ,
"It should be remembered I that •' in-
KATE HAYES DECISION.
Thirty mining claims in Trinity
County were located in a week re
cently.
IX SEVERAL COUNTIES.
The San Andreas Prospect reports
that mining is causing more interest in
its vicinity than has been manifested
in several years. The Mountain King
mine has recently been sold at a price
reported to be 5300,000. B. D. Beck
with has sold forty .acres of mineral
land not many miles in a northwester
ly direction from Hodson. Work is
progressing at the Chris Anderson
mine. Work on a dredging proposi
tion will soon begin at Reiliys, below
the town. Five stamps will be added
to the equipment of the Soulsby mine.
The Amador Dispatch reports that
the dividends that the Central Eureka
mine has declared will amount to
120,000 in round numbers.
Concerning recent operations in Sis
kiyou County the Treka Journal says
in substance:
The hydraulic miners have been rushing
work with the elevators and giants, by rea
son of the abundance of water, and are also
pround sluicing extensively. It is reported
that a Scotr River miner picked up a $260 nug-
Ret. washed out during the heavy rain storm.
The ditches of the hydraulic mines at Oro Fino
were damaged by severe rain storms, but will
toon be all right. • A. C. Brokaw has put his
men at work on bonded claims at Salmon
River, and also at the Golden Eagle claim on
Indian Creek. The Morrison & Carlock claim
at vjuartz Valley is worked steadily with a
full torce.
The Kedding Searchlight says that the suit
of T. .1. Foley. J. J. Doyle* M. Arrighini and
D Endlcott against the Balaklala Consolidated
Copper Company to quiet title to about 1W
acres of mineral land in the Flat Creek dis
trict has been comprised. The parties who
bronght th'- action have quitclaimed" their in
terest in the disputed ground.
There is sufficient evidence to be
convincing that the interest in mining
in California is stronger than it has
been in some time. Old mines that
have been shut down will be reopened.
Xew ones will be operated for the
first time. The old Calumet mine at
Quartz Hill, Shasta County, , is one of
the properties to be reopened. Ac
cording to the Redding Free Press
there is a great deal doing in the
Quartz Hill district. The Original
Quartz Hill will run with a full crew.
The Hyatt mine is expected to be re
opened during the coming ; summer
and to have a large force at ' work;
The Meek mine is to resume. There
will be activity at the Afterthought
mine this year. Underground develop
ment has been steadily progressing
during the winter season.
The Grass Valley Union reports that
E. L. Labadie has bonded seven claims,
which are the Hartery, Winfleld Scott,
South Extension of Hartery, Minne
sota, Croesus and Croesus Extension
.and also the Edison- Ancho property at
The Union says:
< The claims in the Grass Valley district ad
join. Of this eroup only the Hartery has ever
been workel to any depth, and that, as mining
Roes to-day, is but a scratch on the surface.
The Hartery was discovered in 1S53. being first
mined by the original owner, Thomas Hartery.
In the latter 00s It was purchased by Mc
¦ Lau^hlin &" Lcutzenhelscr. Mr. Loutrenheiser,
still a resided of this city, retains a one
fourth interest in the property. McLaughlin,
a banker o£ San Jcs«». owning half the claim.
I he remaining fourth being in possession of San
Jo^A parlTr**. The claim is t500x!K>0 feet. A
ehaft exists fronj which three levels were
turned, extending north between 300 and 4';0
feet and youth about SCO feet.
In Amador County the old Plytnouth
mine will be worked again, so says
1 the Adamor Record. The mine is
near the Shenandoah.
According to the Porterville Enter
prise C. B. Rogers is improving a
group of mines in the White River dis
trict.
During: the. yea^ endine December 81. 1903.
th« Xonh Star mines produced a total in value
of $736,087.11. at a current operating cost
of " $259,104 39. and an operating Droflt of
* 476,022 ne, of which lesi than one-half has
been expended on various capital accounts.
During the ypar the company paid out $134.
746 63 for development work, $61,957 77 for
Improvements and $.19,772 4-7 for property pur
chased. A dividend of $11«.C<T7 05. or 5 per
cent on ts*e caoital stock, was declared, leav-
Intf n remainder of $121,379.37 to be added to
the cash surplus, which has now reached the
mim of 5224,144 48. The actual profit amount
ed to a little more than $2 per share. During
190:J the North Star min» produced 27,335 tons
of ore, yielding $732,523 61. or $2n 74 per ton.
at an operatins cost of $t* 30 per ton. Th»
unusually profitable production of 1903 Is due
in riart to the exceptionally rich ore body
opened In 1902 between the 1100 and the 10CO
east levels, and developed 30O feet farther
during 1908. by a winze, to the 2300 level.
from whtth source- there have be*n produced
during the past year 10,900 tons of lore, yield
ing $-"?<?«. 403 73 '$03 43 per ton), at a profit of
$240,131 tf5. while from the deeper worktops
of the min». opened from the central shaft,
th're has been produced a substantially equiv
alent sum. t
Three hundred closely printed pages
are required to supply a bibliography of
the geology, paleontology and mineral
resources of California. This bare
statement is sufficient to indicate to
fhe reader the interest that California's
minerals,, the direct cause of most of
the literature mentioned in the biblio
graphy, have inspired. State Mineral
ogist Aubury has just issued the biblio
graphy referred to as a guide to all
persons who would learn anything
about California's sources of mineral
wealth. Looming up prominently
among the other publications, as they
are officially enumerated, are the re
ports and bulletins that have been
issued from the State Mining Bureau.
It is shown that the counties that have
had registers and maps prepared by
the bureau include Plumas, Calaveras,
Siskiyou, Trinity. Lake, Nevada, Placer,
El Dorado, Inyo, Shasta, San Bar
nardino, Sierra, San Diego, Amador,
Tuolumne, Butte and Mariposa.
Running over the list of authors who
have contributed to the general fund of
knowledge concerning California from
the view point of geology, paleontology
and mineral resources of the State, the
interest inhering in the general sub
ject will be found to have been excep
tionally strong. An index of the work
by authors takes up more than twenty
pages of the bibliography. An Illus
trious line of scientists and others is
indicated. No one who wishes to know
about any particular phases of the
related topics need longer be at a loss
to find the particular volume that will
deal specifically with matters concern
ing him. Incidentally a large amount of
information is placed in easy reach by
the bibliography, by the publication of
somewhat detailed references to the
contents of certain of the more import
ant books that have been printed dur
ing a series of years in this State.
At the annual meeting of the Xorth
Star Company . an annual report was
submitted. Some extracts from the re
port are as follows:
BIBLIOGRAPHY OF MIXES.
junctions have never run against any
process of mining or against any
mining upon the Klamath and Trinity
rivers and their tributaries, and cannot,
for the reason that neither of those
rivers is navigable, that there are no
agricultural lands on their border*
capable of being injured, arid that both
streams are so torrential In character
that the major portion of the silt is
carried out to sea, where it does no
harm. Mining by the ground aluic*
process and the hydraulic process ha«
been conducted there on a large scale
without hindrance since the early days
of mining:, and probably the most Im
portant hydraulic mining operation*
in the State are being conducted there
now. The mining industry of California
stands in no danger from the courts."
CREDITOES WANT ITEMS
TJ. S. Marshal Takes Him in
Custody for Failing to
File Schedule of Assets
Judge Fritz Censures Them for Having Seized
Captain Overton's St. Bernard After
the Owner Said That It Was Licensed
Belcher Tells About Effect of Decision.
Aubury Issues Bibliography of Mines.
The Interior Papers Report on Progress
EDWARD SPROAT
UNDER ARREST
DEVELOPMENT WORK UPON MINES
IS PROMISED ON A LARGE SCALE
OFFICIAL DOG-CATCHERS PROVEN
GUILTY OF CRUELTY TO ANIMALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 10. 1904.
7
AJyEBTISETHTENTaL •
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
.Fac-simle.Signalnreof y^^^^^^
, JtCkRlE&S
'Jbe@M& k * t ° K ** 1 ur^^H LEU
y^^^TBJLIOUSNESS. fg\ _^
SICK HEADACHE. I j M \ff &m KJ
TORPID LIVER. Eggl ¦ W ft« l\
/Mm \\ FURREO TONGUE.^ 1 -_ - - -
ffiffl pi P| LL^fl
(i Utof CONSTIPATION J^>| "^ "
SALLOW SKIN 1 """ 1 — ¦- 9BSBaS
tw touch «.. L I V E R <££ ss
Genuine Wrapper Printed on • .-f ,— •
I I ¦•ill i^t^*?S
1 The North Western 8 j
I / lumir 1^1 Tnli»l««»«ssilsf»
I M oeeex * »*«*jrrA 4m\
l"t muto / . I due to arrive at
Vji\^5^7W SAX FRANCISCO.
\^ — 1 a y (Mala Llae. Terry De?«v
V^>*^ root of Market Street >
1,at» - Y*o* F.MCUT IT. 1^. - Aa»rr.
7.00a Vscavt'.ie. Wiover*. Kua»§ey_ 7 53r
7D0a Bealcla, SatittB. Elmtraaad Saerv
1 cieDU> 720?
7J3a Tatielo. Ni?v Ca'.'.ttoca. 3aaU
Union Pacific Excursions
i.Tcrd ususaal uppmtumities tot. aa
ecoaaolcal aad sa&sfactcry joaxaejf to
Chicagod&st
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles ene day earlier.
Choice of routes. i
Fax full isforaudaa apply t> or ad&esa .
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK.
Cenerd Agrax, Cea'l Agrs! Passe Dept,
CMeago & Nortb- Western Ry. Lftion P»d5c R. R.
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN PRASCISCO, CAL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 0:30 a. m., throayh in 3 day*,
wlta diner and all traovturs.
Other Santa Pa Traina:
• 8-30 Jl Si for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfletd
8:'co J; a j Merced, Hanford and Vlialla.
4:00 p. m. for Stocktcn.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Caayoa and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. aad
Ferry Depot. S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South First St,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NURTH PAC1FK
satlwat coarPAirsr. *•
Tlburon Ferry, Foot or JOarket Street.
SA2T FRANCISCO TO SAY BAPAXTH,
V.EEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 3:10. 6:30 p. xa. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at l:3O and 11:30 p. ta.
SUNDAYS — 8:00.. »:3O. U:OO a. m.; l:S0.
3:30. 5:00. «:2a 11:30 p. m.
SAW EAl-AEI TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6;06. 7:33. 7:30. »:20. U:13
a. rn.; 12:30. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and «:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40. 4:S5, 3:05. 6:25 p. m. - .1
Leave j In Effect j Arrlre
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. |San Fraoclaco.
"Weekl San- I DeaUna- I Son. I Week
Paya. ( days. I tloa. | day*. | Day.
~7T3Oa 8:00 al a:10a|8:40~a
9:30 a) Is&ad» 10:40 a 10:20 a
: 3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 pj 6:i» 9
»:10p 3:00 pi ijq p}
• JO a ~ — 9:10 a S:40a
8:00 a Korito, 10:40 a 10:29 a
S:30p 9:30 a Petahnna 6:06 p 0 M p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
5:00 p Santa Roaa. \
7:S0» ¦ ~ 10:40 a io^» a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p •:» »
t:SOp 3:30 p 9
WlEdaor, I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsborx. 10:40 a 10:20 »
Lytton,
»:80p 3:30 p GeysenrUle. 7:33 p «:2»p
Clcrerdale. P
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30p and UMaa. 7:33 p) 6:20 p
I 7^0 al 8:00 a| Wllllts. I 7:35 p| 6:2O p
7:3Oa|8:0Oa| . 110:40 a!10:M a
8:30 p, 1 3:30 p| Gn»rs*vIIIe. |7:25p|a;20p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10a| 3:40 a
j t:10p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:3Oal 8:0Oa| 110:40 a!10:2(J a
S:3Op[3:3Op| SebostopeL I7:35p|g:a>»
STAGES connect at Green ZSrae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fnlton for Altrurta asd Mir It West
Sprints: at Lyttorf for Lytton Springs; at G^y.
[ servlUe for Skaces Spiinsa; at Cloverdale for
I the G«ysers. Boone vllle and Greenwood- at
j Hopland for Doncan Spring Hlx^iUnd Sartais
I KrtseyvtU*. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay Lalil
port and Bartlett Springs: at UUah tor Vlchr
, Springs. Saratoga. Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
! D«U Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pome.
I Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, £jerty"a*
Bucknells. Sanh«drin Heights. HoUTlIIe. Orr**
' Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Cams
I Sterena. Hopkins. JJendocino City. Fort Bran.
I Westjiort. Usal: at Willita for Fort Brace
! 'Weatport. Sb«rwood. Cahto. Cot«1o. Layton-
t vllle. Cummlnes. Belt's Springs. Harris. Ol.
• sen's. Dyer. GarbervUle. Pepperwocd: Scotia
and Eureka.
¦ Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at r*-
j duced rates,
I On Sunday round -tr!o tickets to all points
j btyor.d San Rafael at half rates.-
¦ Ticket officea. 630 Market street. Chroalcls
i building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAX.
I Gen. Manager. Gen. Pa*a. Act.
|ffl
Wm =
16 Pages. SlpcpYcar
!£¦»». iU.-tiaex. Saa Ramon 8 2Qr
7.*U St:e«. Lrv«raore. Tr*cy. L»U»ro5.
Stockton 7.20*
100* aS»»»:» ExpreM— (VU UmTti>.
WlilUm* iror B«rtlett Spria*i».
WtSlov*. ?rrnto. Ked BloS.
Port! tod. T»ooin*. Seattle 7 53?
140* Dsm. Woodlasd. Kalshu Laadiaz.
MaryiTl'.le. Oro*!Ue 7-50*
VKU Port Cotta. Mart!nea. Aatlocia.
Byron. Tracy. Stocfcton. New-
bu. he* U»no«. Me ad ota.
Armoaa. HMrfonL V 1 • » 1 1 &.
. PorterrQle 4.2OT
t-35 » ton Co*U. Msrttaea, Tracy. L«:i-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Frviatv
Gosi*a Jancttoa. Haaf«rd.
V!t%l!v BaXer§2e!d 4S*P
•40a >'ilt«. 3an Jom. Llvenaore. *-iucX-
ton. (*M!'.ton;. lone. Sftcrsaeato,
PTacerrHie. MarytTine. Cb'.eo.
Bed Bluff 4.23*
8 3D* Oafcdale. Cbtaeae. Jtaaitova. So-
r.or*. Tuolamse «aJ ABffe!* 4 20e
SCOa Atlantic Ex?res»-Ozd:n and Eut. 11.20*
S-33* Richmond.- yarttaes aad Way
Station* I 50-
10 00a Tb« Over". tad Lfcntied — Oro'ta.
Dearer. Omaba, C5!c»j». • 23?
10-CO* Vallej»_ 12.28*
1000a Lo* Anz->« Pa»«e«t«r — Port
Cotta. Martinez. Byroa. Traey.
LaUtrop. Stockton. Mereetf.
Raymond. Fresno. Goaneo Jaac-
tion. Hasford. Lemoore, ViatUa,
Bakertflatd. L«a Ange'.ea 7-29*
12 CO* Hayward. Kile* aad tt»t Sutlost. J.20P
tiJJOF Sacraaeato KTer Steamer*- tit.OOr
S-SQr Benteie, Wtatar*. Saeruaeaux
ftoodaad. taUSt* L*ad!af.
llaryaTtlle. OroTtTle aad »»y
atatloaa t8-§3*
S-5ffp Hanrmrd.3niea a»« Way Statloaa.. 7-Mr
5 30r Port Coata, Martlaem, Brroa.
Tracy, Latfiro*. Modeat**
Meread. Fresno aad Way Sta-
tions beyond Port totta 12-20*
5J53f Martlaei. Tracy. St<x*:oa. UrU... 10.20a
4 CO* 1 Marttaex.SaaRamoa.ValleJo.Xapa.
Callitoia, S»at* n»»* ... •"•a*
4 COf Ullea. Traey. Stockton. L*dl 4.20*
4-SOr Harvard. NUea. Irriartoa. 8aa \ *-3.5CU
Jo««. Uvenaor* 1 rti.SOA
6-CQr Tbe Owl Llalted— Jfewaiaa, Lot
Baaos, Meadota, Trvaso, Ta.l*ra>
Bakenoeld. Lo« Aagsl ea.
Golden Stale Limited S2e*»«r.
Oakland to Loa Angeles, tar Cai-
' cmo. t:»C.R.L* * ¦;..- !.....¦ •.*•«,
6-COr Port Coita. Tracy. Stociwa ....... 12.20*
T5 35r Hay ward. Kllea aad Saa Jo«« ..— 7.20*
B-OSr Hayward. KU-t aad Saa Joae. iiU.
i COf Eaatera Ex?r*»s— 0*V»"- Dearw.
Omaha. St. Loots. lOleafa au
Eaat. Port Coata. BealcJa. 3al-
• aa. Elxntra, Darts. Sacraxneac* .
RoekltB. Ambura, Colfaz.
Tmckee. Boca. Reno. Wa4a> -
worta. Wtaaetaaeca ............. S 29r
S.OOp ValTeJo. daily, except Saaday.... I 7 KA -
7-COr Valleje. Sunday only f '•* OF
7-CQr Klehtnood. Saa Pablo. Port Co it*.
MarUaes sod Way Stations 1143a
I-C5P Oregon * California Expresa— Ba»
rajaeato, MarysrUle. Reddlag.
Pertlaad. Paget Souad aad Eaat. 1.59a.
t.tSr Hayward. Xllea aad Saa Jose (3aa-
daye«ly> Ii-at*.
COAST LINE Marr«w «««;•;.
(Foot «f Market Street.)
8.18a Kewark. CsaterrlllP. Saa Joaa,
Feltoa. Boalder Creek. Baau
Croi aad Way Stations. .......... S-5S»
t2.1ft> Kewark. CenterrtUe. Saa Joe*.
Kew Almaden. Los Satos.Fe:toa,
BonMer Croek, Saata Cruj aad
Principal Way BUUoaa rl3 J5*
4.1o> Herwark. Saa Jose, Los 0 a toe aad ) t8.S5«,
way stations.... ....):13SSa
«13&f Heaters Tra'a. SutanUy oo!y. Saa - •
Jooa aad Way Statioma. R'tnra-
tag from Los Gates Saadsy only. :7 2S*>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SA.N > KAN CISCO. Foot or Market St. (Sltptt
—XUii t:t» U:U)AJi. 100 SCO 6-15 Pje\
froa OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — •»;*•) ts-.Ot
tS.Oi 10:08 a.m. 12-00 200 4 00r.ii.
COAST LINE (Brstd liuis).
CT (Third ami Town tend Streets.)
S~10a Baa Joae aad Way Stations......... S-34&T
700a Baa Jose and Way btatloaa..... ... S33*
0.00a Xew Almadea fTa-s.. Frfd.. oaryX . 4.13*
•,-COa Toe Coaster — 8 topa only Saa Jose.
GDroy (connection for Hot!!*.
Mr). Pajaro. Cajtrorlll* (eea-
aectton to aad from Monterey
aad Paetac Orore). SaSnaa. 6aa
- Ardo. Paso Roblea. Saata Mar-
garita. Saa Lois Obtsjxx principal
staifcms taence Serf (conaecuos)
for Lomjoc). principal statloaa
taraee Saata Barbara.Saa Bneaa>
rentara, Saogas. Los Aajeles... 13.4S*
1.60a tea Jo**. Tres Plaoa. Capftota.
aaataCrui.PaclacGrOTe.6a: la aa.
Baa LnU Oblspo sad PrtecraeJ
Way StaUans ........_ *-1f>
IOJOa eaa Jose and Way Stations. 1.2*
11-Ma Saata Clara. Baa Joae. Loa Gats* -
and War Station* 7.33*
148r Baa Jo«e aad Way Station t S3*
t-AQr Otl Moats Express— SaaU Cars,
8aa Jose. Del Most*. Msaterey.
PaeJfle Grove (coaaecta at Saata.
Clara for Saata> Croa. Boaldsr
Creek aad N arrow Gauge Fotmts >
at Oilroy for HoIIistcr. Tr»»
Ptaoa. atCaatrortUe for SaUas*. 12.1S»
S-SOr Tres Plaoe War Passenger 10-4**
4 JOT Saa Jose and War Stations tS-OOA.
tfflOr aaa Joae. (»!» Btsu Clara) Lm
GtK>«. aad Prtacin*! Way St*-
ttons(exesot Ssaday) rS-OO*
lt-SOr Saa Jose aadPrlneiral Way Statfoas IS. 43*
tX*r Strnset LtBtted.— Uedwood. Saa
Jose. Gfiroy .Salts aa.Paao Roblea.
Baa Lais Obtspo. Saata Barbara.
Los Acgeles, Demtag. El Paso.
Kew Orleans. »w York. Cos-
¦ecu tt Pajaro for Saata Cms
aid at Casrrorni* for F»c!2c
Grorajaad Way StatToaa. 7.10a
Ml -IB* SaaMateo.tiereafoTd3elTnoat.Saa
Carlos, Bedwood. Fair Oaka.
M«nloParX. Palo Alto_. ........ r8.4*U
SXOr Ssa Jose aad Way Statloaa. .„ Ml*
£5r Palo Alto aad Way 9i«tloa«. ...... 18.16*
11 Mr 8oata saa Fraadsco. Millar**. 3 ot-
U*c*xbs, San Maseo. Belaoat.
Eaa Carles. Be4wood. Fair Oaka,
M*a:o Park, and Palo Alto 9.45»
¦11_Ur Mayteld. Uosataia Vis m, Saa ay-
?ale, Lawrence. Saata Clara aad
ftanJ— „.. rt4i>
A for Momiaar. P for Arteraoeav
ISaaday exeepted. t Saaday oaiy
« Satarda? oaiy.
I Step* at all itaUoaa oa Saad»y.
OTOuj tntai stopplnr at YtleieU SX Matatoarf
are«:»AJUt:«UjL. 11:30 jkJU.MSamjutM9jt.m4
MiSJaV
______ J 0SANRAFABU
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
• TU Ssusa— to 7_ rr«
Suburban Service. Standard tiauss £lecuic-«
Depart from San Ftanclaco Dally 7:00, 3:00.
»:0v. 10:00. 11:00 a. _.. 12:2). 1:45. 3:13. «:13»
6-li. «tia. TtoO. 8:45. 10:»t 11:4? p» m.
raOMSAN RATAEL TO SAN STtA^dSCO
— Dally. 5:». 8:35. T:4O. 8:33. 8:=3. 11:0ft a.
m.. 12:3). 1:43. 2:53. *:43. 4:43. 5:45. «:4S»
8: FROM :2< Mni^VAL_ET T O SAN TOAJ»-
aSO^-DaM^ *:»• 7:52. 8:55. »:S5.
11^30 a. _.!l2:33. 2:00. 3:15. 4.-05. 8:03. «:0S,
a-oo'a. m. daily — Caxaderu and way statloea.
B;13 P. n»- '•reek, days iSaAoniar exceptod>— >
Tomalss and. wr at Atloaa.
¦ 1:15 P.-—- -Saturday— CaTartoro aad way
rtatlona. <fr<8Aj|
Sundays o_y— 19 a. _.. Point Bcyea aa4
OTTICX-C8 Mirktt *. •
* TZBKX—VoXm Depot. Xoot of lUrkat «. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Look at the Brand!
Walter Baker's
Cocoa and
Chocolate
8g~'-.-: : r'.-A. : -:^.--.V:-'.. ; :v;-^'-»-. l .--''.^^i !^^
The FINEST In the World
Costs Less than One Cent a Gup
Forty Highest Awards in Europe
and America
Walter Baker&Co.Ltd.
Estaiifehed 1780 Dorchester, Mass.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
<.. -¦-.-..¦ L«are .. ¦; TUSwmli* Iwtj Arrir* ¦ ¦ ; ."
8— Franctoco FKrftotata SwPtiadw
Week Sao- m Sao- I Wee?
Par*, dayi <fay» Darv
•il«Ji*8:00A f^iiriiyiTli isto&rffttoi
•l:4Sr 9:00a TCSN»%f J:»5r *:&Or
5:16 p 1O:OOa W&t^5Sv 9:tOr S:5Of
1— attrift ttag»fcr TOkrQf
'noil , I *2S Mauzt Sr.,(Nortb Shore KMilnadT
¦mai } tad Sau&auto Fkut, Foot Mart* SbA Port Arthur policeman committed suicide recently
because he failed to apprehend- certain elusive news
paper correspondents that were making life miserable
for the military authorities. The unfortunate man as
sumed his unwelcome duty with too serious a notion of
its gravity. The correspondents who may be in Port
Arthur have proved themselves to be absolutely harm
less. If they, know anything, about conditions there they
have kept their knowledge a secret.
The present winter has been one
of the severest on record, and nowhere
has this fact been more keenly real
ized than on the railroads of the north
ern part of this country. Not in years
has the service on these lines been so
seriously crippled. Heavy falls of
snow, blown into huge drifts, block
aded the tracks and stalled many a
train, and the intense cold, numbing
the workmen, seriously impaired their
efficiency. Stories have been rife of
the privations and sufferings of travel
era compelled to -remain for weary
hours and even days in chilly cars,
halted in out-of-the-way places and
unable to proceed. But their hard
ships have been trifling compared with
those of the trainmen, necessarily,
from the nature of their duties, ex
posed to 'the bitterest weather. The
way in which leading railroads have
been hampered is shown by the experi
ence of the New York Central, which
at one time had 20,000 freight cars
stalled between New York and Buf-
Winter and the Railroads.
A COMMITTEE .has been organized to make the
appearance of San Francisco ' t more attractive.
This city has extraordinary advantages in its
diversified surface. A flat city is not as capable'of re
ceiving artificial ornamentation as one that has varied
top.ography and altitudes. Many years ago Hon. Fran
cis G. Ncwlands submitted a very co.mprehensive plan
for beautifying San Francisco, which merged public and
private energies to that end. The bonds voted last fall
include a considerable part of his plan and private enter
prise should be'induced to supplement public effort.
A modern city to be attractive needs, in the first place,
the best. street pavements, and in the erection of all
business buildings their exterior graces should be con
sidered. The architect of the Claus Spreckels building
had this in^mind^ and produced what is admitted to be
the only handsome skyscraper in the United States. In
the East the tall buildings" are merely square topped
structures in the planning of which utility alone was
considered. The San Francisco architect treated 'this
building as a column and crowned it with a capital and
dome. •
Given well paved streets and business buildings of
attractive exterior in the business section, of the city,
BEAUTIFYING THE CITY.
CAUSE OF ACTION— A. N. S., City.
In the State of California, if when tha
cause of action accrues against a per
son when he is out of the State, the
action may be commenced within the
time limited after his return to the
State, and if, after the cause of action
accrues, he departs from the State, tha
time of his absence is not part of the
time for the commencement of" the ac
tion. In this State the statute of lim
itation on a written obligation runs
four years if executed in the State and
two years if out of the State.
San Francisco has within her gates. the first assign
ment of Filipino soldiers of the United States to cross
the seas. They seem to be surprised at us and we cer
tainly are at them. They are little, but every inch of
them is soldier. A few." more' such as they will do much
to correct the American impression of the South Sea
WHISKY — Subscriber, City. Tha
derivation of whisky or whiskey 13
from the Gaelic \isge (water) and bea
tha (life), equivalent to the Latin aqua
vitae (water of life). The best is pro
duced from .barley after it has been
malted. What Is known as "raw grain
whisky" is made from wheat, oats,
rice, rye, Indian corn, buckwheat and
millet Whisky is also made from
beet root, potatoes, beans, molasses
and sugar.
CONVICT— E. C. C. City. A man
who has been convicted of a felony id
not restored to his civil right unless ha
has been pardoned. He might receive
credits for good behavior while in
prison, but unless he was pardoned and
restored to his civil rights he would not
be entitled to vote after his release
from prison.
From the silent house the bold ghost
turned —
Why dream that a dream is true?—
Ashes were where Love's fire once
burned;
Death's meaning at last he knaw.
— Smart Set
Had she forgotten what he held fast? —
They say 'tis a woman's way;
Was it only ¦ a dream that Love could
last,
The dream of an idle day?
The year was young, but the place was.
old.
And the house had gone to sleep.
And the phost that came by night was
For the silence was so deep.
Aloud he called to his heart's fair
queen.
But she would not unbar the door.
And the window from which she used to
lean
Stirred at her touch no more.
In vain through the empty night ha
cried,
Buf there came no answering tone;
And then he bethought him that since
he died ¦ r -
A hundred years had flown.
But a hundred years should have brought
more near
The Love that he loved so well;
And the bold ghost's heart turned cold
with fear —
Where was the old-time spell?
The Bold Ghost.
THE DICK BILL— W. H. R., City.
You can find a copy of the Dick bill tot
the regulation of the militia in tha
United States In the Army and Navy
Journal, to be seen on file In the San
Francisco Fre« Public Library.
KANSAS MOTTO— Reader, Oakland,
Cal. The motto of the State of Kansas,
"Ad astra per aspera," means: To tha
stars, through all difficulties.
Anszvers to Queries.
CHINESE RAILROAD— T. H. E.,
City. The first railroad built In China
with the sanction of the Government
was opened in 1S88.
Ragan's belongings were strewn pro
miscuously on the sidewalk, and close
to them, scattered on the lawn, were
the desks, maps, books and other para
phernalia of a well-regulated school.
Now, there had just been a Grand
July investigation regarding the dis
appearance of some supplies belonging
to the School Department, but the in
quisitorial body exonerated the Board of
Education from any blame in the prem
ises. H. M. Black, the former foreman of
the Grand Jury which had conducted
the inquiry, chanced to come down on
the Haight street car and was inex
pressibly pained to see the desks and
other school articles surrounding Ra
gan's house.
"Well, I declare," said Black to a
friend as the car passed. "And to think
that we cleared those School Directors
of any wrong doing. It's a shame that
Ragan should have the effrontery to
flaunt in the public gaze the very
things which we said he and hia col
leagues did not appropriate."
Health Officer Ragan tells this story
on himself. Shortly after Ragan had
completed his term as a member of the
Board of Education, some years ago, he
moved from his old home on Haight
street to a more commodious residence.
The Haight street house- had been rent
ed in the meantime to a lady who con
ducted a private school, and on the day
Ragan moved ouL>the school moved in.
One on Ragan.
Mystery surrounds the disappear
ance of Captain Hultin. formerly of
the Finnish Guard in St. Petersburg.
A few years ago he retired from his
military post in the Russian capital
and accepted a position as president
of the Scandanavian Commercial Bu
reau in Berlin. Again he resigned his
posltfon and returned to St. Peters
burg, where he entered the employ of
a mercantile firm. Later he became
a political suspect and as a result the
police entered his house and made ;i
thorough search for evidence against
him. It resulted in nothing, however.
Hultin, conscious of his innocence,
felt that an injustice had been done to
him, went to the Chief of Police and
demanded satisfaction. From this
visit he never returned.
Fate of a Finn.
Piqtorially, the Sunday Call to-morrow will be quite
up to its standard of excellence. For instance, there
is a, full page of photographs of the girls who are play
ing "Ring Hockey," the newest gymnasium game; a full
page of photographs of the beautiful society women of
Santa Cruz; a full-page photograph in multiple colors
of Baby Helene Muller: a page of "Parisian Novelties
for Easter"; a "Scrap-BooK Page" of the strangest
things under the sun, and many attractive features
besides.
In a lighter vein but in the field" of pure literature
are several pages of the latest and most popular fiction.
First there is the fourth installment of "To-morrow's
Tangle." the stirring California novel, by Geraldine Bon
ner, the famous California authoress, for the exclusive
rights of which the Sunday Call paid $1000. Then follows
the second of_the series of sea stories by Albert Son
nichsen, the California writer who is now the literary
lion of the hour in New York. It is called the "Mur
derer Who Laughed." "In the Matter <?f His Nibs,"
by Francis Walton and Josiah Flynt, is no less unique
and equally thrilling. Added to this is "Mrs. Bluebeard,"
by Izofa Forrester, . and a full page of "Half-hour
Storiettes," which are truly fascinating.
GALEN CLARK, for more than half a century a
pioneer of the Golden West, and for twenty-six
, years "Guardian of the Yosemite," at 90 years of
age has been prevailed upon to write a truly notable and
valuable book about the wonderful valley and the
Indians who inhabited it when he made his first visit
among them in 1855. Thousands upon thousands of
people have visited Yosemite and marveled at its grand
cur, but it is a surprising fact that few of theirT carry
away any knowledge of Chief Teneiya and his tribe,
who ruled the valley when the adventurous miners first
came to wrest it from him and enslave his warriors.
Fewer still know anything of the war of extermination
that was waged on both sides almost immediately
thereafter, even though it is comparatively recent his
tory.
And besides being one of the original surveyors of
the famous "Mariposa Grant," -Mr. Clark was the dis
coverer of the Mariposa Big Tree Grove, which, to
gether with Yosemite Valley itself, he was chiefly in
strumental in bringing under Government control. Thus
this remarkable man perhaps knows more about the sub
ject on which he writes than any one else in the world,
and for this reason, too, the copious extracts that have
been made from an advanced copy of the book, and
which will be published in the Sunday Call to-morrow
by special permission, easily make up the most interest
ing and important article of the year.
But even apart from this notable contribution the
Sunday Call to-morrow will present many excellent
magazine features. On the page devoted to the "Timely
Topics of the World" is a big birdseye view photo
graph of the St. Louis Exposition, with an article de
scribing the wonders that will be displayed at the big
fair. Another timely article gives a graphic descrip
tion of how the ancient gods of war are being invoked
in the Far East. Still another tells how American
farmers are being made out of Russian Hebrews by
scientific methods.
Equally valuable with Galen Clark's book are the
recollections and reflections of Thomas Fitch, the famous
orator, on John C. Fremont, one of California's grandest
heroes.
SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
After persistent and apparently unreasoning denial by
the Japanese the world now has proof that one of their
cruisers was sunk in the sea fight off Chemulpo. Do the
little brown men seek to enhance their reputation for
prowess and bravery by picturing their foe as imbecile?
A brave fighter loves a. brave antagonist and from
the conflict comes with greater glory in either victory or
defeat.
That it pays to possess brains ona
learns conclusively from a late Lon
don paper. We are Informed that tha
late accomplished chimpanzee "Con
sul" was so valuable to its owners
that it was Insured for £20.000. and
its death at Berlin from bronchitis
will cost the insurance companies that
amount. This Is the largest sum at
which an animal of two years old ha3
ever been valued, and the amount was
in no sense a fancy price. The animal
cost almost nothing to keep and It3
performances often brought in a
clear £200 In a single day. The sim
ple explanation of this la brains.
There was the "boxing kangaroo."
which rose In value from about £10
to half that number of thousands
when he was in his heydey at tha
Westminster Aquarium. True, daunt
less resolution perhaps was the dom
inant quality in his personality, but
there must also have been in him a
liberal admixture of this priceless
thing of brains.
Priceless Animals.
falo, although every available engine
was put on In the effort to overcomo
the obstacles created by successive
storms and the extremely low tem
perature. The difficulties of the sit
uatipn were increased by the unusually
large amount of traffic. The traln3
had to be loaded lightly and it re
quired nearly three times as many lo
comotives to handle the business as it
would in moderate weather. Every
railroad thus hindered in its operations
naturally suffered a considerable finan
cial loss. — Leslie's Weekly.
Granting an actor is innately one
arid has the natural gifts of a pleasing
appearance, magnetism and inspiration
— what then? These will pass his
first examination into the eligibles.
Plutarrh relates of a battle-scarred
Hoinan being asked what were the re
•juirfcrnents to become a great warrior
¦*ijy! he answered: "A great character."
It is not such a great cry after all
Irom a great warrior to a great actor.
Character is as much a part of suc
cess in the drama as It is In the flght
injr field.
I would place character at the head
of requirements for the stage success.
A great m:m character Is a gentleman
at heart. He will live in a plan* of
hiffh thinking and lowly living. He
trill have Pane methods; lie will
Tireathe a good personality over the
footlights; he will take pleasure in the
simple things of life and will aid the
drama on the road to ennoblement.
Character Is the essence which defies
t*mpt»tjon laxity and the diversions
1 hot are the pitfalls. Character will
Instill concentration. To keep oneself
simple and fresh and young at heart
if the duty of the actor, and sanity,
health end that feeling Ibsen expresses
as "the joy. of life" are the things our
drama will always need. The actor
with character is the strength and
backbone of the drama to come — the
drama that will be voctic. scientific
end fu!! of sreat hope mid pleasure
the drama that' vri;Mn!ze its place .sidu
by side with the pulpit, in sowing
kindly help and ennoblement.
The management of his career is as
creat a necessity to an actor as are
his natural gifts aa an artist. There
If one would desire to lay down a
iwt of laws to govern advancement
lpon the stage, one is struck at the
outset by the elusiveness of the
scheme, for the drama, like all other
arts, requires the innate artistic sense.
When that is once found, as a gen
eral rule, it forces itself into a hear
ing, like the sprout that grows under
the ground and forces itself into the
5un, into the plant or shrub or beau
tiful flower It is ordained to be. It is
the strength of the inborn artistic
sense that will make itself be felt more
or less, according: to its worth and in
tensity. Whatever may be said to aid
an actor can only be set forth In a
few rules of ethics — a moral guidance
that will not make an actor of a man
whom nature has not ordered to be
one. but would help in lending a clean
ly aid to the drama in those who
would succeed. The actor Is a law
unto himself. He is innately an actor.
There is a temperament that gives
conviction to the audience — there is
a nature that gives grace and a.llows
the elasticity to take on and give out
emotion, for that is the great effort
for which the actor's energies are
bent — the giving out of emotion. I
have seen humble supernumeraries
who tvere great aciors, though they
did r.ot know it. They had the grace
and the power of expression which
r^ome others, cast for leading roles,
< ould never hope to equal. No set of
rules will make a man an actor. Xo
help will assist him to span mediocrity
if he is not a dramatic artist at heart.
I- have always contended that the
actor's art embraces all the other arts.
In his own being he brings out the ef
fects aimed at in the color emotions
of the painter, in the prose emotions of
the sculptor, in the thought emotions
of the author, in the soul emotions of
the poet, in the magnetic emotions of
the orator. He incorporates these In a
composite whole in his work and re
flects them in himself. The laws of
success in each of these branches of art
enter of necessity into the art of the
actor.
BY n. II. MOTHER".
• Star Actor.)
' (CotQ-ri&A. 19M. ty Joseph U- Howies.)
En every profession, trade, occupation,
the question cf ho'.v to achieve the
highest possible result— to vie with
some master — to succeed, is to-day the
all engrossing thought of men and
women.
At no other period of the world was
ever go much thought, care and study
paid to the question of success as now.
Success— that invigorating, fresh-air
tonic — success and how to gain it — is
a theme uppermost in men's minds.
One cannot view the great attention
th3t is being paid to the problem of
achievement but become convinced that
'.he tendency of the world is to become
rysterr.atlzed, that less is being left to
chance, that the ways of the struggling
.-.re being lightened and that it is gradu
ally becoming: more possible to accom
plish great things than ever before.
The drama, enrolling in its devotees
the best thought and energies of the
thousands, has become a force that is
daily being reckoned with more and
more. When Victor Hugo many years
pgo called the actor the high priest in
hi? pulpit, who sows seeds of thought,
he ?poke with the voice of a seer that
was not taken seriously by his genera
tion, but was to be listened to a hun
dred years after. The great multitudes
of theatergoers who attend theaters
nightly throughout this country are a
tribute to the art of the actor, the sur
roundings of the stage and the neces
sities of the drama as a means of rec
reation. It now rests with the actor
to make It a means of ennoblement.
How to succeed as an actor, how to
pay the warmest tribute to the drama,
how to give the public the greatest re
j=ults of the actor's efforts are sub
2i*i*'worthy of close attention from
the best minds.
The "Actor's Profession.
As an administrative entity China has sovereignty of
Mukden. If the Japanese had occupied it there would
be an immediate protest from St. Petersburg, and the
nations would be compelled to take notice. Japan may
hot choose to protest, leaving that to the Governments
which accepted Mr. Hay's note. It would be tactics
for Japan to let the Russian violation of Chinese neu
trality become apparent, permitting resistance of China
to develop into defensive measures which would amount
to involving China in the struggle. This would create
a diversion of value to Japan, provided that China could
master a sufficient force to offer effective resistance. Of
this, however, there may be doubt. The outside world
knows but little about the armament and military
capacity of China, but she is supposed to be weak,
except in the enormous number of her people. The
Chinese fight, when they have to, and given proper
arms and discipline could be sufficiently formidable to
keep Russia busy for some time.
As the most important foreign affairs of China are
now in charge of Wu Ting Fang, the diplomatic part
will be conducted by him with great intelligence, for he
has an experience greater than any other Chinese states
man since Li Hung Chang. He has the ability to make
clear to the Western nations any controversy in which
Russian aggression or effrontery may involve the
empire.
In the judgment of Americans, who act from their
convictions of what human liberty means, and without
prejudice engendered by remote collateral issues, the
struggle between Russia and Japan appears as a conflict
between absolutism and representative government.
Wherever the Russian standard is planted stands "the
scepter that ends with a cimeter and the cross that ends
with a knout." It is absolutism, the most retrogressive
and opposed to the spirit of the age. The institutions
of China are democratic by comparison.
It was the belief of Bonaparte that the Russian spirit
would never change and it has not changed since his
time. Since the Italian campaign every Continental Gov
ernment except Russia has been liberalized by the rise
of parliamentary institutions, through which the people
have some voice in their Government. It is a step for
ward in the enlargement of the protection of human
rights. Only Russia stands where the savage Rurik
placed her. This gives her a certain advantage in such
adventures as she is attempting in Eastern Asia. Her
Government, being autocratic and executive, does not
have to consult the people, who have only the privilege
of fighting for the Czar for 17 cents a month and found,
and of dying for a system that keeps them in ignorance
and degradation.
Such a Government .cannot be questioned at home
and it carries its methods abroad with Confidence. Its
proposition to use Chinese territory as a base is one
result. If any nation with a Parliament and popular rep
resentation did such a thing its administration would be
questioned, as is done in the British Parliament, our
Congress and the legislative bodies of the Continent:
But the nobles, who control even the Czar, permit no
inquiry and have no questions to answer, unless they are
asked by other nations! We will see whether Mukden
will provoke inquiry from any quarter. ¦
Mukden is not very far from Peking and would be a
valuable Russian base for an attack on the capital. Its
occupancy by the forces of the Czar is an intimidation
of the Chinese Government. It is probable that this,
and similar acts, will be indulged in by Russia, to force
China into resistance, and then the claim will be made
from St. Petersburg that China has" violated neutrality.
Russia is a past master in such tactics and may not
be expected to omit their use in the present struggle
for control of Eastern Asia. Her policy is one of exas
peration, to force the other party into an overt act.
If it do not succeed in this, then the foothold she
has gained by craft is made permanent. In dealing with
the countries she has overrun in her progress toward
Eastern Asia, she has pursued this course of occupy
ing what does not belong to her and then treating re
sistance as an act of aggression, to be punished by
every cruelty that her Cossacks can inflict.
The United States has sought,, through '.Mr.. Hay's note
to the powers, to protect China against these tactics,
and it remains to be seen whether the nations interested
in the autonomy of China will be listless spectators of
such aggressions as will destroy China if not resisted,
and will furnish Russia an excuse to subvert that em
pire if resisted.
IT is reported that Russia has ordered the Chinese
out of the Chinese town of Mukden, with the in
tention of occupying it with a Russian garrison.
Mukden is in Chinese territory and administration.
Russia has never had territorial jurisdiction nor .sov
ereignty there. The best evidence of this is that the
United States has treaties with China covering Mukden
as a Chinese port, and providing for an American Consul
there, whose exequatur has to be issued by the Chinese
Government.
A copy of this letter found its way
Into the farr hands of a Vassar College
senior, who at once organized a so
ciety among her classmates for Its
study and interpretation. After some
weeks spent in erudite deliberation
they reached the conclusion that the
first sentence was an order for certain
articles named In the manufacturers*
catalogue, while the second apologized
for the insignificance of the order and
acknowledged the firm's courtesy in
forwarding its list. The third and
fourth sentences were found to contain
a discussion of 'the difficulties of es
tablishing a trade in high-class sport-
Ing goods in Japan, where the fishing
was mostly done by professionals. The
epistle closes with a little flourish of
characteristic Japanese politeness.
But while the learned seniors at Vas
sar were pondering over its mysteries
the New oYrk house had filled the or
der and got its pay from the courteous
Mr. Nakamura.
"Wishing we now at Japan there it
was not in prevailing fish-gaming but
fishermen. In scarcely therefore, but
we do not measure how, the progression
of the fishing game beforehand. There
fore we shall yield oi feeling to restock
in my store your country's fishing
tackles, etc. .
"Should you have the kindness to
send a such father country even in a
few partake, when we send the money
in ordering of them, should you?
•Yours, yourstruly,
"N. K. NAKAMURA."
"Messrs. In Abbey & Imbrle, New
York — Dear Sirs in yours: We shall
present to your company the bamboo
fishing rod, a net basket and a reel, as
we have just convenience. All those
were very rough and simply to you
laughing for your kind reply, which you
sent us the catalogue of fishing tackles
last etc.
The present interest in things Japa
nese gives timeliness to the publication
of a letter gent several years ago by a
tradesman in Tokio to a New York
house manufacturing sporting goods.
On its face this curious bit of Japanese
English would seem to have been writ
ten by a graduate of one of the Govern
ment schools, from which he had Issued
strong in the belief that he was master
of the speech of the Anglo-Saxons. His
epistle, the alien constructions in which
show that it could not have been com
posed by any one speaking a European
tongue, is as follows:
"N, K. Nakamura, Toklo. 13 Ginza.
r A Poser in Japanese.
the committee of beautifiers may find much room for
¦improvement in the residence districts. There every
possible use should be made of the tropical foliage to
which our climate is kindly- The heights, such as Rus-»
sian and Telegraph hills, Buena Vista and Twin Peaks,
are susceptible of being made most alluring features.
Buena Vista is already a" park reservation. Not many of
our people ever visit its summit, from which there is
a view of the bay, the ocean and far scenery, including
Tamalpais, Diablo, Mission Peak and the Farallones.
Nature has' lavished charms within the corporate limits
which the people of other cities' go far to seek.
Let it be understood, also, that cleanliness is always
beautiful. A clean city has charms that a dirty city
cannot have. In this respect San Francisco has beeti
greatly improved since the merchants took the matter
in hand. Rough pavements are not easily kept clean,
so that to be clean streets must be well paved, and one
improvement begets another.
San Francisco can be made the most attractive of the
great commercial cities of the United States. At pres
ent our water front is repulsive. The old wooden build
ings are tottering to their fall, but will be propped and
crutched as long as they bring rents out of proportion to
their value. Some betterment is appearing cm the front,
and it is to be hoped that owners there will follow the
few examples tha£have appeared. The better and more
beautiful our bui^pigs, the cleaner and more ornamental
our streets, the better will be our local governments. A
dirty and forbidding town is less mindful of its municipal
> administration than one that is clean, and attractive.
The owner of the Kohinoor would not keep it in grimy
surroundings and ignoble company. A clean city means
clean hands in its government.
The new committee on beauty has an important duty
and deserves general encouragement.
The watching of the simple things
of life is paramount. When I began
my career I one day walked through
j a public park at sundown with a promi
nent actor. A man sitting upon a
bench suddenly lit his pipe. My friend
caught me by the hand and watched
the play of the light effect over the
man's face and surroundings. A short
I time after that I saw him in a repro
l duction that had a marvelous array
I of light effect in it. I praised it to
I him, and he called to mind the scene
we witnessed of the man lighting his
pipe. From that simple incident he
had caught the suggestion for a novel
lighting effect of an entire scene.
! Among some of the impassioned
j thoughts of Guy de Maupassant Is
this: "The public is. composed of
I numerous groups who say to us, 'Con
, sole me, amuse me, make me sad,
I make me sentimental, make me
I dream, make me laugh, make me
j tremble, make me weep, make me
j think,' but there are some chosen
! spirits who demand of the artist 'Make
! for me something fine in the form
which suits you best, following your
own temperament.' "
The actor who is sincere will make
his work like unto his innermost soul.
! Let him look to it that that soul is
good and clean and wholesome, then
he will have a great and pleasing per
sonality that others will love. They
will wish to see him and cherish him
during his life and perhaps for a few
days fn memory after his death; and
to be loved for our work while we
j work, and to be spoken of kindly for
a little while after we have made our
final exit, is the greatest meed of suc
cess the actor can. hope for. If he
gains this he has reached the highest
round of success of the "actor's art.
I would like to tabulate the require
ment* of an actor's art as follows:
1. Character.
2. The management of his career.
3. To keep himself -simple and
natural.
: 4. Alertness watching the actions
I of life. , .
! 5. Incessant work.
There has been much ado at certain
times over what has been termed the ;
artificiality at the actor's art — a cry ;
that he leads an unnatural life, that '
his whole life's work consists of dis
sembling and assuming a thing which
is not. It is true, the first impression
a beginner gets is that romance ends
behind the asbestos curtain. The moon
to which he utters impassioned ad
dresses is only a box light, with per
haps a tobacco stained man operating
it; the sunshine is but admass of blind
ing lights, the mountains but painted
daubs and the woman he makes love
to perhaps is the one he passes in the
dining-room with a chilly good-day.
Well, what of all that? The painter
does not place upon his canvas the
real effect of the sky; the sculptor
simply reproduces the pose of life in
senseless marble; the orator commands
thought through figments of speech;
the actor's art calls for him in his
own person to become a thing which
exists first mere.ly in his brain, but
that is his art — to make unrealities
real — and he must bend his energies
upon an ability to create perfect illu
sion If he would endeavor to succeed.
Scientists tell us the color of the sun
we look upon as golden is in reality
blue, and we know the tints we see
in the horizon denoting a sunset are
not the real pigments, but simply illu
sions; so we afterward learn that ro
mance is romance on the stage only
as it exists in oneself.
actor's career is his stock in trade. It
is the merchandise with which he
loads his shelf. It is his verr work.
It is the thin? from which he is to get
his credit. It represents his toil. It
is well to take an inventory; of his
career very often to pee where' he has
succeeded — to note where ho has fail
ed. When one has done this, one will
learn at once the value of integrity,
without which success in no walk of
lite can be grained.
I have known many who have all
the attributes -of great actors, but who
huve not the position they should hold
because they have not managed their
careers well. In the search for the
artistic they forgot the almost busi
ness side of the actor's life. It has
many times brought to my mind a
story Sir Walter Scott tells of a pil
i^rim who entered a monastery for
the night and was surprised to see all
the holy inmates performing the most
manual of labor. Some utilized wheel
barrow?, others the humble spade.
The pilgrim held up his hands in
horror. " We are holy men," he said.
"It is our duty to pray. Such mater
ial work is not for us." He prayed
zealously in a cell when he was shown
to it, and when he was not called to
supper he asked to see the abbot.
"Your reverence, I am hungry," he
said. "You said our duty here was
simply to pray," said the holy father.
"Keep on praying, my son."
The management of a man's career
calls constantly for a watch over the
ethics of his heart so that he does no
unwise thing. It keeps him keen for
what Marcus Aurelius centuries ago
so aptly called "Keep the thoughts
upon the. main chance."
are those who, in the!r dreamy search
for the artistic, overlook the practical
.side of life, the part thnt is necessary
for all men to keep strictly, in view.
There is a debit and credit side^.rff
every man's career. It is necessary
for him to keep a sort of spiritual
hook, keep his balance, if possible, al
\vay3 011 the right side of profit. An
CHINESE NEUTRALITY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . . .... .. Address AU Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office * • <5^^^^^t> '. Third and Market Streets, S. P.
SATURDAY '...'. • • - .MARCH io» i9°4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY. MARCH 19, : 1904.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Alain 1042. •
Townstnd's California Glace fruits an;t
choice candles, in artistic • fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. •
The Mormons, it is said, arc making strenuous efforts
and palpable headway in their campaign to settle and
proselyte in Oregon. If there be any people in Oregon
that can much less accept, \he Mormons after
the; revelations made at - the United States Senatorial
inquiry into Smoot's affairs they deserve the fate rhat
they are inviting. Whatever they may wish, however,
should not be permitted to jeopardize the interests of
decent people.
j The Royal Society in London was
recently entertained with an account
by R. I. Pocock -of a spider of the
Desidae family, living in Australia,
I which makes its habitation along the
| seashore in the crevices of the rocks
j between high and low water marks.
j This location is selected, no doubt, be
cause It abounds with the food that
these spiders prefer. But when the tide
Is in their homes are covered with wa
iter. Instead of deserting them, how
j over, the spiders solve the difficulty "by
| means of closely woven sheets of silk,
! which they stretch over the entrances,
: and within which they imprison sufll
j oient air to keep them alive during the
' time that they remain submerged.
Youth's. Companion.
Ingenious Spiders.
WATER— J. P. O.. City. One mil
lion miner's inches of water to He taken
from the Colorado River for irrigation
purposes means one million times as
much water as will flow through an
opening one inch square under a pres
sure of six inches. The discharge
through such an opening under that
pressure la about one and one-half
cubic feet per minute. The represent
ative from the Congressional district
In which you live will advise vou as
to what steps have to be taken to se
cure power rights on a river.
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESGRAND JUNCTION. Colo.. MJirch 18. —
After experimenting many years, John T.
gpeneer claims to Iwve pwfected here a method
of growlnfc 8e«<lles8 apple* which ts destined
to revolutionize the apple Industry, just as
#«.<lless oranges revolutionized orange-growimr.
Oscar Ellinghouse, who as admin
istrator of the estate of his brother,
Alfred Ellinghouse. sued Selby^Oppen
heimer, Edward Ackerman and J. B.
Lankershim for an accounting, was
given judgment for $704 60 by Judge
Hebbard yesterday. The suit was the
result of a difference of opinion aaXo
EUinghouse's interests in the Califor
nia and Republic theaters.
EllingliousC Gets Judgment.
W. A. Butler, the contractor, who is
being sued for maintenance by his
wife, Margaret Butler, was adjudged
guilty of contempt of court by Judge
Hebbard yesterday. He failed to com
ply with a court order directing him
to pay to Mrs. Butler $100 for her
support pending the determination of
her suit. When Butler was informed
that he must pay the money or go to
jail he promptly paid the sum over
to the clerk of the court.'
Rosalind Bower Clarke, the "sweet
pea girl," will have to wait a few
days before she receives any of the
alimony Edward Clarke, her husband,
was ordered to pay her. Clarke'se
cured a five days' stay of proceedings
yesterday.
Joseph A. Hammill, a mint employe,
was ordered by Judge Murasky to pay
to his wife. Lillie Hammill, $35 a
month pending her suit for divorce
and $50 counsel fees.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
May Davis from Henry Davis for cru
elty, Mrs. Davis being allowed $50 a
month alimony; Mary L. Warner from
Matthew Warner for desertion, and
David Luftspring from Pauline Luft
spring for desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by Lily
Gorman against P. Gorman . for cru
elty, Elizabeth Strohm against Elmer
Strohm for cruelty and Ralph Davi3
against R. Davis for desertion.
Judge Hebbard Threatens to Send
Contractor to Jail and He
Promptly Pays Up.
Mrs. Botkin looked better and was
less ill at ease than on the previous
day. She seldom said anything to her
attorneys, but sat mostly with her
cheek resting on her gloved hands and
her head turned away from the jury
box. Occasionally she would put her
arm around her sister's waist and the
two would whisper confidences. Dur
ing the afternoon session N. C. Mc-
Clure of Healdsburg, brother-in-law of
the accused woman, eat with the. two
sisters for an hour and then left the
courtroom. He appeared to take a deep
interest in the proceedings and was on
very good terms with the two women.
After the jury has been secured Judge
Cook ordered the information read to
them and then adjourned court until
Monday morning at 10 o'clock. At that
time District Attorney Byington .will
make his opening statement and the
taking of testimony will begin.
Judge Cook ordered an attachment
issued against Lawrence Fitzgerald,
superintendent of Station G postofflce,
who lives at 509 Webster street. The
attachment was made returnable forth
with and the bail was fixed at $250.
Fitzgerald was summoned on the first
venire, but failed to appear in court.
time they have seen each other in five
years. He was accompanied by Mrs.
N. Ruth, one of the important wit
nesses for the prosecution, and the two
were given seats directly in the rear of
the defendant and her sister. Dunning
appeared perfectly at ease and smiled
broadly at the replies of Joseph Taubel,
a German, "who contributed the comedy
element to the session by his profuse
explanations in dialect of his state of
mir.d regarding the charges against
Mrs. Botkin. Even the defendant
smiled once or twice at Taubel's ef
forts to translate his thoughts into
English.
"Are you going to make that man a
witness?" he demanded angrily.- "I
Fubm!t to the court that the conduct of
the District Attorney is highly im
proper. He has no right to halt a
talesman and discuss with him any
feature of this case in the presence and
hearing of the Jury."
"I have a fight to talk to this man,
Holbrook alleged in his complaint
that on April 23, 1896, he entered into
a contract with the defendants where
by he was to receive a fifth interest
in the mine if he succeeded in nego
tiating its purchase for them. He al
leged also that the defendants were
willing to pay $35,000 for the mine
and that by reason of his services he
enabled them to secure the property
for $13,100. He alleged further that
the defendants secretly purchased the
mine for the last named sum, and that
they refused to transfer to him the
one-flfth interest promised him as his
commission.
Judge Morrow decided that the
averments of the complaint had been
proved and rendered judgment for
Holbrook.
According to a decision rendered
yesterday by United States Circuit
Judge \ Morrow, Charles H. Holbrook
is entitled to receive a one-fifth in-,
terest in the Young America mine in
Sierra County, owned by David " C.
Green, S. M. Green, Otto Mears and
T. L. Wlswall.
Judge Morrow Decides That Re
Earned That Interest for Negoti
ating Transfer of Property.
IIOLBROOK GETS FIFTH
INTEREST IN A MINE
Automobiles are becoming more popu
lar daily. Parties of two to six are to
be seen touring the surrounding country
for pleasure. Plenty of time may be had
forthis pastime if you have a gas range
from San Francisco Gas and Electric
Co.. 415 Post street. •
COURT FORCES BUTLER
TO PAY' WIFE ALIMONY
haven't I?" asked Byington.
"No, sir; you have not at this ,time
and place," replied Knight. "If you
wish to talk to him take him to your
office."
Assistant District Attorney Judge
Ferrall took up the cudgels for his
chief and declared that they would
talk to^ Taklos whenever and wherever
they pleased. Judge Cook thought dif
ferently.
"The District Attorney should not
carry on a conversation with the tales
men in the presence or hearing of the
Jury," he said.
"None of the jury could hear me,"
protested Byington.
"I could hear you up here, although
I could not distinguish the words, and
the jury is considerably closer to you
than I am."
Knight and Ferrall continued to
squabble heatedly over the incident un
til threatened with punishment for
contempt by Judge Cook. The mo
mentous information possessed by
Taklos was that he noticed Mrs. Bot
kin was extremely nervous while on
the train and from that he concluded
she was a guilty woman.
DUNNING IN COURT.
When. the morning session was about
half finished John P. Dunning came
into the courtroom through the pri
vate entrance behind the bar. Mrs.
Botkin glanced quickly at him as he
came through the gate, but he did not
look in her direction. It was the first
He was staying with a family
named Pearson at 337 Tehama street,
and a strange feature or the case is
that the "Pearsons moved on the day
that Grealey disappeared and nothing
has been heard of them since. Attor
ney Phillips put the case in the hands
of the detectives and after working
for three weeks the sleuths confessed
that they were unable to solve the
mystery.
Young Grealey became of age on
January 9. In the 'meantime Mr.
Phillips communicated with the elder
Grealey and secured the money for
the son, who promised to call around
the next day. sign the papers and
claim his inheritance. He did not
keep his promise and subsequent in
quiry revealed the fact that he had
disappeared.
Grealey was left about $500 by his
grandmother, who died recently. He
had a quarrel with his father j and
came to this city last October. He
called at the office of Phillips & Ad
ams, attorneys, and told them the
story of his grandmother's will and
asked them to get the money for him,
it being held in trust by his father
till he should attain his twenty-first
birthday.
The detective department has been
working on a mysterious disappear
ance case for the last three ¦weeks and
finally has given up the case as a
mystery that is beyond its power to
solve. The much sought person ia
Hugh Grealey, formerly of Parsons,
Kans., who fell heir to a small sum
a few months ago and then suddenly
vanished.
by Grandmother, Drops Out of
Sight Ere He Claims Coin.
Hugh Grealcy, Who Was I^eft $500
j STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE
, OF HEIR TO SMALL SUM
When Carroll had answered all ques- I
tio;is in a manner apparently satis
factory to prosecution and defense
there was a tense few minutes while
counsel discussed the advisability of
t-xercising a peremptory challenge.
Finally District Attorney Byington
said "We accept the juror." AH eyes
were turned to where Attorneys Knight
and McGowan were deep in consulta
tion with Mrs. Botkin. After what
seem»-d half an hour, but which was in
reaiity only a couple of minutes. At
torney KnSght turned to the court and
said "Swear the juror." A sigh of re
lief went up from all the court officials,
a? the procurement of a jury has been
a severe trial to all who are connected
with the case. In all more than SoO
talesmen were summoned before the
panel was completed.
There was something of a sensational
incident in the afternoon session. Fred
erick Taklcs. one of the talesmen,
stated that he was unable to give the
defendant an impartial hearing because
of something he had witnessed while a
passenjrer on the train that brought
Mrs. Botkin from Stockton to this city
at the time of her original arrest for
the alleged crime. He was excused and
as he passed District Attorney Bying
ton the latter said to the talesman. "I
guess we'll have to use you for a wit
nesj:.-** Taklos stopped and he and
Byington talked in low tones for some
seconds. Suddenly Attorney Knight
Jumped to his feet.
KVIGIIT GROWS AXGRT.
CARROLL ACCEPTED.
After five days of tiresome examina- •
tion of talesmen the jury has been com- <
that will determine the guilt or j
innocence of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin, who >
is now on retrial for causing the death i
of Mrs. John P. Dunning, at Dover, j
Delaware, by sending to her through j
the mails from this city a box of j
poisoned candy. The candy which !
caused the death of Mrs. Dunning also j
killed her f ister, Mrs. Deane. and, in ;
the event of an acquittal in the present j
cape, Mrs. Botkin will have to answer j
to a charge of murdering Mrs. Deane.
The last two jurors were chosen yes- t
tc-rciay. In the morning session Samuel
P. Robbins proved acceptable to- both
Bides and was sworn in. Late in the
afternoon session John P. Carroll was |
accepted and the box was filled.
It was 3:40 o'clock in the afternoon
before the last juror was secured and i
only six names out of the special venire I
r-rnained to be drawn. Fifty-two tales
man had been examined when Carroll
was called to the box, and out of all
these only one man had proved accept
able. The defense still had three per
emptory challenges left and the prose
cution two. None expected panel
to be filled and it was confidently
thoupht that another venire would be
found necessary.
The Board of Public Works Is plan
ning to make several improvements in
the City Hall and will petition the
Board of Supervisors to make the nec
essary appropriations therefor in the
next municipal budget. '
The Bureau of Public Buildings yes
terday completed its estimate of the
amounts required to conduct its affairs
during the next fiscal year. The bu
reau recommends the construction of
an additional electric passenger eleva
tor in the main corridor of the City
Hall at an estimated cost of $7500; also
the installation of a heating plant for
the western end of the City Hall to
cost $20,000, and the construction of
a . balustrade in the second story of
the City Hall dome to cost $4000, the
present wooden partition being deemed
Inadequate for safety,
j The bureau also favors the cleaning
of the granite on the City Hall, which
will cost an additional SSQOO.
The entire amount asked for by the
Bureau of Buildings for the mainte
nance o£ the City Hall, including its
cleaning during the year, is $143,523 75.
Of this amount $9350 is for supplies..
For the maintenance of the Hall of
Justice it is figured that $25,981 will
be required.
Tha Bureau of Engineering estimates
that it will require the sum of $90,840
to conduct its office during 1904-1905.
.It estimates that the receipts of the
bureau in fees will aggregate $20,000
during the year.
GRAND . JURY INVESTIGATES
CONDITION OP THEATERS
Commissioner of Works "Herbert
Schmitz Makes Verbal Report.
Other Business Transacted.
AJ a session of the Grand Jury yes
terday afternoon, in compliance with
a recent request qf that body, Herbert
Schmitz, president of the Board of
Public Works, made a verbal report
on what the various playhouses in the
city are doing relative to the ordin
ance providing for the safety of au
diences and proper fire fighting ap
paratus. He stated that the majority
of theaters had already complied with
the orders of the Board of Works and
the others had promised to make the
necessary alterations and additions at
once. .
The matter of the condition of un
accepted streets was also inquired into
and Commissioner Schmitz informed
the jury that no action could be taken
by the Board of Works if the abut
ting property owners did not favor the
improvement of the thoroughfares.
The condition of the remodeled Wood
ward's Garden Pavilion came in for
some discussion and a report from the
building: inspector certifying: to its
safety was read.
Owing to Chief Wittman's inability
to attend the session the report of the
Police Committee was not acted upo f n.
The report shows that the number of
arrests for battery in 1903 was 1062.
Of these 787 were dismissed. 202 con
victed, 20 forfeited bail and 12 were
fined without alternative, which is
equivalent to dismissal. The remain
der were disposed of in the Juvenile
Court or their cases are pending.
The Grand Jury will meet a'gain
next Friday.
The very highest grade of Java and
Mocha is Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast. •
Dnggctt Free Krorn Blame.
A. K. Daggett, the notary public,
who, with W. T. Kearns, was a defend
ant in a suit in which charges of fraud
were made by the plaintiff, E. Murphy,
is no longer concerned in the suit.
Judge Seawell made an order yester
day directing the dismissal of the suit
as to the notary. The suit was over
the estate of Jane Canney.
As t<J the demand for $8O1S. approved by
resolution No, 4305. I find tha charter require
ment that the same Fhall "specify each sev
eral item, date and amount composing it" suffi
ciently complied with in the. statement in the
demand that it is presented "for water fur
nished for uee of hydrants during month of
January. 19O4,' 4024 hydrants at $2 each, VS(M3."
No definite amount of water is required to
meet the demands of hydrant service, the sup
ply being sufficient to meet any eudden de
mand. Such service 1b reduced to a flat rate
of $2 a month without reference to the amount
actually used.
As to the demand for JUCC 65. approved by
resolution No. 4394. on the contrary, I find no
reference whatever to the amount of water sup
plied to the public buildings enumerated there
in. The demand contains a statement in de
tail of the buildings pupplled with water and
the date of tsupply covered by the demand, but
no reference is made to the amount so sup
plied. This oversight Is no doubt due to the
fact that your Finance Committee has en
tered Into an understanding with the com
pany whereby It is to be allowed one-twelfth
part each month of the appropriation for the
fiscal year 1903-1904, which sum appears to be
much less than like charges made to private
consumers, but a more detailed statement of
the amount of water, i .supplied each public
building Is possible, as appears from such
statement subsequently made by the company
to your board, and it is my opinion that the
charter requires the same.
City Attorney Long yesterday filed
an opinion with the. Board of Super
visors in which he holds that the de
mand for $3048 for hydrants submitted
by the Spring Valley Water Company
for January is in legal form and should
be allowed, but the demand for $1166 63
for water furnished public buildings is
insufficient In its present form and
should be amended before payment.
The advice of the City attorney waa
asked in the matter in view of the fact
that Mayor Schmitz had vetoed or
dinances authorizing .the payment of
the demands on the ground that they
did not comply with the charter re
quirements. The opinion says:
It is Impossible that the demands presented
tfcould refer to the ordinance authorizing tha
incurrinc of the liability out of which they
arise, either by title, date or section, as the
ordinance of 1903 has been suspended by In
junction. It la my opinion that in so far aa
the Mayor"* objections to the demands relate
to this matter they are untenable under tho
law, " -
It is further objected, however, that tho de
mands are insufficient in this, that they do
not "specify the quantity of water supplied or
the rate or rates charged."
Among the g-oods that were seized
yesterday was a \aluable stock of pre
pcrved ginger and spices.
A tall Chinaman with a black eye
and a bright emerald sweater vouch
safed the information that Kwong had
gone "catchem Fresno"; that he has
friends there, and will stay in hiding
until his debts are outlawed.
Strance to say, when the last arrest
hai been made and the book was gone
over, it was found that in every case
the prisoner had given the name of
•Sing."
According to the stories told by his
neighbors, Kwons had a rather poor
standing In the Chinese Bradstreets.
Kwong, they say, owes money to every
one that he knows in Chinatown, and
they universally say "Him no good."
Owing to his inability io settle with
his creditors, among whom is an irate
landlady, Kwong On Lung, head of the
firm of Kwong On Lung & Co.. "26
Jackson street, fc?ft town hurriedly
about a month ago, leaving behind a
large stork of rice, nuts, oil and other
Chinefe delicacies.
In figuring up her accounts against
Kwong, Anna Moore, owner of the prop
erty at. 726 Jackson street, found to
her dismay that the Celestial tenant
had gotten the best of her by J1S9.
The store was locked up, and was
stocked with all varieties of goods.
Miss Moore thought that she . might
pquare matters by claiming them, but
was informed that the only way . in
which Fhe might claim her property
would be to have _the Sheriff take
charge of the stock of goods.
Accordingly yesterday morning the
Sheriff and deputies arrived at the
building and proceeded to unceremoni
ously throw open the doors and pile
the merchandise out on the street.
Before two boxes had been carried
out Chinese of all sizes and descrip
tions poured in from all directions. As
each load of stuff was taken to the street
the crowds thronged about it and gazed
longingly on the delicacies. Some even
went so far as to grab boxes of noodles
and rice when the officers' backs were
turned. The police gave chase, how
ever, and each time locked up the of
fender on a charge of petty larceny.
By the time the store was cleared out
several arrests were made. One Chi
naman, about SO years of age, was
caught running down Jackson street
dragging a hag of rice. He was easily
overtaken and booked with the rest.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
yesterday considered the petition of
Charles and Harry Bush that the suit
brought by the city to compel the re
moval of a staircase projecting eighteen
Inches on the sidewalk for a frontage of
fifty-two feet at the northeast corner
of Franklin and Eddy streets, in front
of the premises owned by the petition
ers, be dismissed by the City Attorney.
The latter stated that the steps were
built under a permit granted by resolu
tion of the Board of Supervisors on
April 2, 1800, and a permit for the
same was also granted by the Board of
Public Works on September 26. 1900.
Attorneys Choynski, Lane and Coffey
argued the matter for their respective
clients, the last named claiming that
the Board of Supervisors had not the
power to permit the steps to remain on
the sidewalk, even though it had orig
inally granted a permit for the same.
Choynski charged that Coff ey had inti
mated that the trouble . between the
Bush brothers and his client, A. Pet
zold, the adjoining * property owner,
could be settled for a money considera
tion. "Coffey said that he had simply
stated that he would lay the offer of
the Bushes to settle before his client.
The committee took theTnatter under
advisement, but is in a quandary how
to act, as Bush Brothers acted under a
regular permit from the Supervisors in
the premises.
The joint Supervisors' Committee on
Judiciary and Fire yesterday referred
to. Assistant Chief Shaughnessy of
the Fire Department, L. Deane and
W. H. Mooser of the Architects' Asso
ciation and City Architect Shea the
proposed ordinance regulating fire es
capes In buildings for a report thereon.
' Louis Brownstone and M. A. Najhan
appeared before the Judiciary Commit
tee in behalf of their petition to collect
certain moneys overpaid by the city to
the State for a 25 per cent commission.
The petitioners were given two weeks
to file authorities on the question.
The consideration of the proposed or
dinance prescribing a district within
which it is prohibited to hold meetings
on the public streets will be taken up
by the joint Committee on Judiciary,
Police and Streets on Friday, April 1,
at 2 p. m.
Henry Peters of 87 South Broderick :
street, a grocer at 798 llayes street, j
Bernard F. Wambold of 732 Ivy j
avenue, retired from the ffrogery busi- j
ne«s.s.
lerdinand Salz of 1CS0 Ilaight j
street, a grain dealer at 214 Pino j
street-
James II. Roberfcion of 503 Capp j
street, an insurance agcnU
William O'Connor, residing at St. j
Dtxnstan Hotel, a capitalist-
Samuel P. Ilobbins of 622 Turk
ttreet, a real estate dealer.
Jolin P. Carroll of 14 Lake street,*
formerly employed by the Harbor <
Commission.
THE JURY.
William S. McDeritl of 4022 Twcn
tj-srt-oml street, a conductor for the
Halted Itailroads Oompanx*
Wrnon I'pton of 205 Central ave- I
him 1 , a member of the printing firm ,
of I'jjton Bros.
Jacob Goetjen of 243 Fifth street, a j
gr«>oer In the linn of II. Goetjen & Co. j
Julius LUienthal of 307 Pulton
sUvet, a retired jjroeer.
Morris II y man of 2230 Sacramento (
strwt, a mercliant at 206 Sansome |
street.
Says Spring Valley's Bill for
Hydrants Is Legal and
It Should Be Allowed
Petitioners Act Under Reg
ular Permit Granted by
ResolutionPassed by Board
Engineers Department Fig
ures It Will Need $90,840
During Next Fiscal Year
ESTLMATES EXPENSES
Twelfth Man Secured After
tlie Venire ol^ KM) Had
Been Almost Exhausted
DFFICEHS ARE RELIEVED
J. P. Danning, Husband of
Murdered Womaii^ Makes
First Appearance in Court
Celestial, That Owes Kent.
Hurriedly Leaves Town
to Escape His Landlady
«
SHE ATTACHES GOODS
•_¦'»'¦¦ ¦ •
Many Arrests Made Because
of Inability of Bystanders
to Withstand Temptation
QUANTITY NOT STATED
COMMITTEE UNDECIDED
Bureau of Buildings Plans
to Construct New Elevator
and Install Heating Plant
Bush Brothers Urge Super
visors to Allow Steps Built
on the Sidewalk to Remain
City Attorney Advises Sup
ervisors Regarding Charge
for the Public Buildings
BOTKIN JURY
IS COMPLETED
SHERIFF RAIDS
CHINESE STORE
WATER DEMAND
IS IRREGULAR
WOULD IMPROVE
THE CITY HALL
ASK THAT SUIT
BE DISMISSED
- - ¦ ¦ . . - • ¦ •.-¦¦:¦•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SATURDAY, MARCH- 19, , 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
EMMETT CORRIGAIM COMPANY
Presenting "Jockey Jones"; Nichols
Sisters; Loney Haskell and Orphe-
um Motion Pictures. Last times of
the Barrows-Lancaster Company;
Poettluser's Swedish Ladles* Quin-
tet; Ferguson and 3£ack; GMo\<»
Artcsto and the Lowe-Huehes Duo.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c, 25c
and 60c.
Beginning; StTXDAY MATINEE:
The Celebrated Spanish Actress and Panto-
LA BELLE GUERRERO
Presenting.
"THE ROSE AND THE DAGGER."
CALIFORNIA
I >p3 IiAST TTB12 TO-NIQHT. E&jl
S^ MATXSTEE TO-DAT."
I DANIEL SLJLL I I
H In His Greatest Success, M
I THE OLD MILL STREAM!
i §¦ A Rnral Romance of Surpassing- Ex- H
! U cellence. M
j. ma m^—~ m . BU
I To-Morrow— BEN HENDRICXS
H . In His New PJay. "ERICK OP P
H SWEDEN." B
AT n 47 I Ti Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR nssKg
General Manager.
AT 8 TO-SIGHT — Mats. To-Day It Sna.
"Parsifal should, be seen."— Call.
Wagner's Impressive atiracle Flay-
|.;.PARSIFAL;|
Produced upder the personal direction of
Frederic Belasco.
The music by an orchestra of Twenty.
Evrs., 25c to $1. Mats. Sat. 4 Sun..25c to 75c.
"Given with lntenee sincerity and reverence.
It cannot help but uplift trie spectator. It
Is well worth seeine." — Chronicle.
fig OAll MAYER
Hall? =? 0 B«r%tta props
Market Street. Xear Eighth. .Phone South 833.
TO-TTIGHT —^A3T TWO ITJGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
The Greatest of All Irish Dramas,
| SflAMOS O'BRJEiTl
"THE BOLD BOY OF GLENGALU"
HERSCHEL. MAYALL AS "SHAMUS."
J!g Specialties by Champion Gaelic Dancers.
nDirCC Evenings 10c to 5Oe
1 KILCJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Hcxt — THE KINO OI" DITECTITES
Racing Lipfil|§> Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Racing Each Week Day. Raia or Shtn«.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp. -
For special trains stopping at the track tak*
g. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:34
1:CO. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In last two
cars- which arc reserved for ladies and thair
escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 ard tnuradlaUly after tb» last rac*.
THOMAS II. WILLIAMS, PrealdsaC
PERCY W. TRJIAT. gecretary. '
P^I o f a DONTFAILTO
lalUWW .ce the beratifu!
< COURT Loungins
ftfiil roonv the EMPIRE
ailU PALLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, ths
UTA tl Q louis xv par.
D ~'±- 1 DIES' WRITING
ootels ro ?^
POSTUM CEB.EAL.
¦ V * T' *
Some
People
and
i
Experiment and see if that is
Lhe cause of your trouble. Try
leaving it off 10 davs, use
¦
FOOD COFFEE
and if your physical ails begin to
disappear you will know exactly
what to do to get back to com-
fort and health again.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLf8558.
MATZZTEE TO-DAT AT 3:13.
UL8T TIMES OP* *">. ;
THE GYPSY BARON
Strauss' Rcmantlc Opera In Thret Acts.
SXO. DOM2HTXCO STJSSO as
SAJDTDOB BABXZTXAT
MONDAY EVENINO. at 8 O'clock— FJTSt Pro-
duction ia San Francisco of
MR. PICKWICK.
, Initial Appearance Mere of
SOBA DS PTT.T.TPPE.
TVual Popular Prices S3c. SOc and T3o
Box Seata .11.00
vULUiwiDI A lama mm
BKATX2TEE TO-DAT
TO-2CJGHT A.VD 8CXDAT — I*AST T1ME3.
The Great Musical Comedy Hit. TIIE
SILVER SLIPPER
Wtta SAWrSL COL1153.
Ti* Sensational Champagne L'»nc*.
BE0IN2OW0 VSZT MO1TOAT.
MARY MANURING
' In a Kiw Modern Comedy by Leo DUrtchsteia.
"xaxubxet's KOnrxrrMOoar."
SEATS NOW SEHJXO. "i-,
A Smiling : : Is
Face ". I Always
- • . •¦ : The Most Wslcoroe Kind
And a Very Funny Musical Corae-iy
la as Welcome as th-> California Flowers la
Spring. That Is Why
1 The Rounders
Is Making so Bf; a Hit.
Perfect in Every Manner.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23c. M«» aad
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c ami
80c Children, at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
KXIT PLAT — "P3HST.-
BEGINNING MONDAY, MARCH 21.
*£*? | Mary of
1ISK8 Magdala
Seats Now on Sale.
Prices, 50c, 75c, SI, $150, $2.
High-Glass Specialties
Erexy Afternoon aad Evsnimr la the
Seated Tbeater.
ENJOT TOTJKSELF IX CABARET DE LA
MORT.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CUMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Tai« a Trip DOWN THE F1XMZ.
Admission. 10c; Children. *c -
When Thoninc Ask for •?The ChntCT."
W T8CTT- T -*'" r E0TJS A3TTJgiaCE.M -Li*.
Richard Wagner
Lecture Recitals'. T-yric Hail. , by
MRS. RAYMOHD BROWN, Pianists
Tuesday nli-bt. "The Rinjf- Thursday. "Trto-
tan"; Friday,- "Melstersinger" ; Saturday
rnattnr*. "ParstfaL"
SEATS— 50c. 75c. $1. This roorain* at bher-
raan. Clay & Co.'s. ¦ ' '"
BASEBALL!
Chicago Nationals.vs. Sao Francisco
SATURDAY. 3 P. M.. SUNDAY. 3 P. M.
RECREATION PARK.
" Eijhtb and Harrison.
ADMISSION 50c I J
aESEIl VEI> SEATS, 25c eHHtV
Lfjara how muchbetter you can feel— Go to your
Druggist To-Day— Get one bottle— Peel just^ ONCE
that" abundant new nerve forca made by Paine's Celery
Compound— You will NEVER AGAIN be contented
with low spirits and poor health.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND. *7*\~ \,
Weak Nerves— Dyspepsia—
Dizziness— Bad Blood
Easily Conquered — Quickly Cared— Ths "Whole Country Has Awakened to tha
Marvelous Properties of the Celebrated Nerve Titallzez and Tonic.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
f ¦»»»»«» • • • • •• »»»«»>> * j *T~*7^~*~ J business. My blood was In troublesome
" ? or who noe<1 a blood tonic to take Palne's
&^™$h'4r 'i^SB&&!/v^ ' Us O7 pain to the TBUI! CA USB. J
11 afliroSpfrri * ( Pala Xb only the sissra or symptom. «
" ft"5L»^Oi3v "'' ' Tcffffffi'*'* a* 'fiBraV '' *"•* idls to treat tie pain itself. •
* «! V'^'^a ? ' ' P nrlt y or «uff ertay ia tlie extra »
* frrT sBBfsV %&$££$££^W^^ HI * ' ***** C7B:CS THE TRUE CAUSE • '
< i mhbss*bsb»»bsbssbsbbbbbbsbs»sss(sbsbb ( ( • nous x^iscovcrcr of *I*flln©'s Ocl^ry ,
f Mr. T. B. PETERS OK ? 1 Compound. :K
" mmm .__ , _ . . _. o i Ths blood and all tha orgrans of # *
;; Health by Paine'. Cslsry n J jfj^^^, p^,. Ctlery Com . *
? Compound. J n potmd glwmm tna blood aad thm ...
• »..«_. ••»»«»« «»»••« »»•»«» ( ner7e ayrtaEi the strength to <>
"I Was Slok — Dizzy — Worn-Out.* ' ' SZAZS all the organs work ia "
North Weymouth. Mass.. Dec. 14. — !! health and harmony. |,
"Palne's Celery Compounii la the best • t
i and most effective medicine I have ever i jyj THIS SPS2VO. ¥ ?
! taken. I was sick, dizzy and worn out * 4-*
j for a long 1 time and unable to attend to ««»««¦»»»•«¦¦ »¦•»»»» «»»«• —
ADVEBTISEMENTS. V"
i{||||||^ The shoes that are ¦ vSsjPP*
worn by the best gowned
Wfiffif women in the leading cities 3||p
IIIIP of this country and^abroad Sj|p
©re designed by SOROSIS*
Jj^^^s are now showing the
SOROSIS SHOE PARLOR ROYAL SHOE C0. :
216 Post St. 50 Third St.
Send'for latest catalogue. - _ _
OPEN THIS EVEITXNQ TILL 10 O'CLOCK.
' L^_ JBALTIMORE. Md.. March 18.— W. A. His
cott.< • furniture ; dealer ¦ failed to-day. .-> Assets
about JIOO.WO; liabilities not stated.
HARTFOHD, Conn.r March 18.— The Repub
lican State convention has been called -to meet
in New Haven May 10 and 11 for .the election
ef delegates to the national convention.
CCTERESTINO LECTURE.— The sixth lec
ture of th* annual course of Lane lectures was
delivered in the auditorium of Cooper M<yiical
Ocllere U»t tticht by Dr. George B. Somrrjs.
The talented speaker took for hJe subject "The
jT«iBe4 2f une". and delivered an tnterettlnj
It has been found necessary to pest
pone for a second time the field day of
the San Francisco Athletic League
which was to have been held to-dav
at Berkeley oval. It will be held on
the 30th inst. if the track be arall-
Field Day Is Postponed.
BALTIMORE. Md., March .18.— Kid
Sullivan of* Washington was given the
decision .on points over Tommy Daly
of Brooklyn. in a fifteen-round spar
ring bout before the Eureka Athletic
Club.' ' ' ¦ ' ••-.,
Decision for Sullivan.
plete the' series for the championship
of the league, each team having
played twelve matches. The result
of to-morrow's game is almost a fore
gone conclusion, but the match be
tween 'tHe Hornets is quite open, and
will be contested keenly, as the Pick
wicks will make a great effort - to ' es
cape the last place in the league table
of results.
OAKLAND, March 1 8.— The Board
of Police and Fire Commissioners to
day granted the Reliance Athletic Club
a permit to hold a boxing contest on
April 29. '
Grants Boxing Permit.
MILWAUKEE, March 18. — Charley
Neary of Milwaukee got the decision
over Dave Sullivan of Xew York to
night in a six-round bout before the
Badger Athletic Club. Both men were
on their feet at. the end of the bout.
There were no knockdowns.
Dave Sullivan Loses to Neary.
Young Corbett to Box in Chicago.
MILWAUKEE, March 18. — Tommy
Mowatt of Chicago has been matched
with Young Corbett for, a six-round
bout in Chicago on April 1.
The failure of the Nile* Boiler
Company, an Eastern corporation, to
make an appearance in the damage
puit of Frank Forthaus yesterday
cost the company $4000 in Judge
Hunt's court. Forthaus sued for $17,
250 damages for injuries he received
while in its employ. The company
defaulted and when the case was call
ed yesterday in Judge Hunt's court the
court, after taking evidence of the
plaintiff and several witnesses, award
ed him $4000.
Costly Negligence.
CHICAGO, March 18. — After six
rounds 'of tame fighting Jack O'Brien
of Philadelphia won the decision to
night over Hugo : Kelly of Chicago.
The decision was not popular. O'Brien
showed to poor advantage and put up
one of the poorest fights of his career.
Kelly had the better of the first five
rounds, but In the last round O'Brien
woke up and had so much the better
of the round that the referee gave him
the decision.
O'Brien Defeats Hugo Kelly.
Professor An^cll of Stanford and Pro
fe*sor Edwards of Berkeley Name
the Klifihlo.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March
16. — Dr. Frank Angell. chairman of
the faculty athletic committee, ha-s
submitted the names of the follow
ing men as eligible to play on the
Stanford baseball nine in the inter
follesriate series with California:
n. B. Ball. W. II. Blake. J. F. Brenr.an A.
j. Chalmers. J. H. Colbert, H. P. Daily, J. G.
Drhy, P. K. Funk*. H. C Howard, J. I:.
Knapp. B. B Knight. II. &.r Lewis R. \\.
M'.Phail, R. B. Matthew*. U.S. Morrow. W
K. Roosevelt. D. D. Sales. C. K. Stud'.ey
1. A. Swain. W. E. Trttch, A. L.. Trowbridee,
I. H. Webster. R. A. William*. V.". Wlru
The names of the University of Cal
ifornia men submitted by Colonel G.
C. Edwards, chairman of the faculty
committee on athletics at the State
University, follow:
W. Adam*. C. F. Await. R. G. Ariett B.
H. Boehmer. J. J. A. BUs?. W. A. B'nntr
V. 8. Burnham, W. E. Cahill. A. I,. Clark
H. G. Calklnc, L. J. Dupn»y. W. Euler X
Frater. R. C. Gunn. D. J. Graham. B. V; a N
loway. S. n. Gamble. K. C. Gillie. • C E
<;illt«. J. Green. R. Humphrey. S L. Hamm
J. L. H*rri«. H. Hubbard. F. W. Hadley. w'
H Heitmuller. K. Hamilton G G Hatch'
H. G. McK*nnay. \V. A. Newman C. K.
Itobin^on, T. K. Swwy, c. It Strub S u'
Ktcw. A. F. Sr.enc-er. S. JI. S>n«he<tne-'. F p'
Tatutn, C. S. Trlpp, It. C. West. G. R War
ren. R. J. Wulren. .\. }\ \V>gn»r.
MEN WHO MAY COMPETE
OX THE COLLEGE .VINES
Nor is the weather the only thing
that the Stanford athletes have had
to contend with; they have also had
their share of hard luck. Two of the
promising candidates for the varsity
nine have been obliged to give up their
work on the diamond owing to the
strict faculty ruling as to scholarship.
Sales, '06, candidate for pitcher and the
heaviest hitter on the team, has been
"on the shelf" for several day^ as the
result of the dislocation of one of his
knees, an injury he received in batting
practice last week. He Is improving
rapidly, however, and is expected to
be back 'in the game again by the time
the baseball field gets dry enough to
play upon.
While the baseball mien have trou
bles enough to keep them worried, the
track athletes are not without theirs.
Russell. '06, one of the best of the quar
ter-milers, has a bad ankle and strained
tendon and may be kept out of the
running for some time. He has shown
great speed in the recent- tryouts on
the track, beating Crossman, the var
sity quarter man, in the last field day.
"Brick" West, '06, is also on the re
tired list for the present as the result
of a strained muscle. He 'recently
equaled In practice the Stanford record
of 21 feet 10 inches In the broad Jump
and has been counted upon as a point
winner. His Injury Is of such a na
ture that . it may prevent him from
jumping altogether.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March
18. — The month of March, up to the
present time, has been a particularly
bad one for work on the diamond and
on the cinder path. Practice on both
diamond and track is practically at a
standstill. Treasurer Cowden has been
compelled so far to call off a half dozen
or • more games and meets owing to
the inclemency of the weather.
The first round of a ninety-six-dog
open stake will be run to-day at Ingle
side Coursing Park. The first brace of
greyhounds will' be slipped at 11:30
a. m. The sport will commence to
morrow at 11 o'clock. The'likely'win
ners look to be: V;
Rolla Wells, Young Klamath, Presidio Boy,
Full Moon. - Silver Cloud, Gambit. Rector,
Queen's Motto. Maid o" the Glen. Toronto,
Fenii, Wattles. Little Plunger, Spotless Beau
ty. Reckless Acrobat, Una. Equator, Barefoot
Koy, Doc : Hnrns, Belfast, Idaho Boy, Concord
Boy, Clover Blosson, Apple Blossom, Commer
cial Traveler, Sacramento Boy, Princess . Sa
voy. Heredire. Lulu Girl. : Money Musk. . Fox
Hunter, Conroy, Our Minnie, J. E. H.,- Ragged
Actor, . Young Fearless. Merry-Go-Round,
Meddlesome, Little Mercy, Balendine, Pepper
Hill. Qulta, 1 Mark Twain. Our Motto, Homer
Boy, Texas Hoo Hoo, Little ¦ Mercy, Crawford
Belle. ESfflraKZiSB^
A well balanced sixt*y-four-dog stake
will be run in its entirety to-morrow
at. Union Coursing PaVk. The cours
ing will commence upon the arrival of
the 10:16 o'clock train. The likely
winners look to be:
Barge, Friendless . Boy. Frisky Barbara.
Amandan, Raztime, Sir Wlnton, Tralee Boy,
Hudson, Fair Tralee. McHenry. Boots, Frisco
Lad, Mls« Green. Raby Aurora, Real Article,
Donnybrook. Vandal, Kempronius, McVey, Kr>e
Horn. Black Coon, Gold Lily, Yankee B)y,
Tlllle R, Silver Heels, Game Boy, Pasha Pleas
ant, Pea Lion, Ruby Sankey, Reta S, Haphaz
ard. Lord Brazen. , • *- T ;
The coursing season will close at
Stockton on the 27th inst.. on account
of the opening of the baseball season.
The pa3t season was the most suc
cessful ever, experienced by the Pacific
Coursing Club. Judge Andrew Dean
has been presiding in the saddle re
cently, and has given satisfaction. .
The officials of Union Coursing Park
expect to hold the first contest for the
grand national champion stakes on
April 3. It is expected that Palo Alto
and Pocatelli will meet in the first
series of trials. Both greyhounds are
being given a special preparation .in
view of the approaching competition.
Regular monthly puppy stakes will
be resumed at Union Park in May.
The entries will be limited to twelve,
and winners will be barred from suc
ceeding stakes. After the first stake
preference In entries will be given the
six dogs beaten in the first round. This
will give all the young greyhounds a
chance to gain experience on the field.
P. M. Clarkson has been appointed
secretary of Ingleside Coursing Park
to succeed \\'llliam Elliott. The new
official has been identified with the
sport for many .years, both as owner
and official.'
A sixteen-dog open stake was run at
Honey Grove, Tex., on the 13th inst.
H. C. Lowe's Northern Star, by North
ern Surprise- Jessamy. beat J. W. Har
din's Go Gong, by Said Pasha-Lady
Scattercash for final honors. Every
hare but two reached the escapes.
An exhibition game will be played
before the end -of the season on the
grounds of the Military Academy at
San Slateo between, teams represent
ing two of- the clubs in the California
League. *
A. S. Theberge, the right fullback of
the Vampires, has left San Francisco
for Vancouver. V. S. Shiowell, secre
tary of the Vampire Club and inside
fright forward of trie eleven, ; left on
Saturday last on the steamship Ala
meda for Honolulu! ; G. K/S. McCal
lum has been named secretary in' his
stead. ;<:;-.* i\:: :
The. standing of the. teams for the
championship of the ' Calif ornia As
sociation Football League is shown in
the table:
• . | Matches. | Goals.
• ¦ ¦ - - ' • • • ' *b -j r - *i > T3
CLUBS. . £• o'| 3 S 2 |
- .- - » - = *" i? • 5" g.
* : : f : :- r "
Thistles- ....'....••....... 11 10 01 1<43 ' £21
Vampires ...12 S 2 2 31 ¦¦ 8 18
Independents .:....;...... J2 8 3 1 41 13 17
Albion Rovers ............ 12 4 6 2 16 23 10
Occidentals' r. 12.1 6 6 12 42 «
Oakland .'Hornets ........ 101 II 7 2 0 2S 4
Plckwlcka . ;.....'...: 11| l| 8 2 13 48 4
Natter ..; to-morrow's match between
.thr'. Thistles and trie Oakland. Hornets
one .match,' between ..the' Oakland
Hornets and the Pickwicks, , will'comr
At 3 p. m. the ball will be kicked off
in the match between the Occidentals
and the Independents in the semi-final
round for the California Association
Football Union cup. The winners of
this match will meet the Thistles in the
final, round for the trophy. Arthur
Robinson will be the referee and the
teams will line up as follows:
Independents. Positions. Occidentals.
Forbes Goalkeeper Chtver»
Lynch...... ... .iWf back , Smith
Armstrong Rlsht back .....'..Milne
McGraw- Left halfback ....... ".Higgina
Welsh ...Center halfback .....Ferguson
Duncanson Right halfback Lloyd
Owens .Outside left V.' Holland
E; Fay: ...Inside left .' Evans
P. Fay Center forward Gracie
T. Fay Inside right '....' P. Lydon
Russell......... Outside right ....:.F. Holland
The Presidio Athletic Grounds will
be the scene of two association football
matches to-morrow. At 1 p. m.' the
ball will be kicked off in the match
between the Thistles and the Oakland
Hornets. This is one of the matches
in. the series for the championship of
the % California Association Football
League and was postponed from Sun
day, January 17, on account of bad
weather. -This match completes the
schedule for the Thistles. The referee
will be J. "D. Robertson, chairman of
the California Association Football
Union. The teams will line up in the
following order:
Oakland
Thistles. Positions. Hornets.
Lowe Goalkeeper ..C. Y "Williamson
Tierney Left back \V. J. Holland
Forrest Right back Morrison
Taylor Left halfback McKay
Duncan Center halfback .Cowell
McGregor Right halfback Plereon
R. Disher '.OuUlde left Podmore
T. Disher Inside left Shand
T. S. Lydon Center forward McKenzie
J. Smith Inside right SJcArthur
A. Disher...... Outside right Pomeroy
John Myers of the Pacific Cricket
Club, W. H. McNaughton of the Ala
meda Cricket Club and Henry Roberta
of 'the San Francisco County Club,
comprising the schedule committee ap
pointed to arrange the series of
matches for the coming season, have
completed their work.
Each of the three city clubs will play
twelve matches, while the Santa Cruz
Cricket and Athletic Club will play six
matches for the championship of 1904
of the California Cricket Association.
Arrangements have also been made for
sis additional matches during the year,
two between married and single men,
two between England and All Comers,
one veterans vs. juniora. and a contest
between the winners of the 1904 cham
pionship and a combined eleven.
The schedule of matches follows:
May 1— Alameda va. Pacific, at Alameda.
May 8 — Alameda vs. San Francisco County.
at Alameda.
. May li— Pacific v«. Ban Francisco Countv.
at Alameda.
May 22— England vs. All Comers.
28— Pacific v* Santa Cruz, at Santa
May »— Alameda vs. Santa Crux, at Santa
¦t^tai^ta." Francilc ° c ™*» *»• Alameda.
Fraacl «° <**ntr t* Pacific.
5SS itavS- at AUjneda -
J«& tlv* 1 "* £"" T * Pacia C *t Alamed*.
j« \l i!^* {"*£"" vb - AlAm ««la, at Alameu*.
at AUnfe * V9v San F *«««*» County.
at J Al£^<ia PaClflC V "- San Francla «o County.
CoSntTat AtaSSS?* ~ **» '«»«••»
at A AE<£~ PaClflC "• San r*™*!*" County.
Aujcust 21— Pacific vs. Alameda, at Alamerta
Cou£V^ r AlaSa" lflC "• San Francisco
September 0— Admission day
med'a tembCr 1I ~ Alaroeda v «- Pacific, at Ala-
Allmeda*" 1S - Veterana *"• Jwlo». at
Co S u < n P tV em «T r A.^rcda ameda * aB F ™'~°
bl£5 e1e^ alrPlOnS ° f 1WH » satnst * com-
B Kortlang. the well-known member
of the champion team of last year ia
in Seattle and intends to return next
year to his home in Australia, where he
will settle down.
T - W. Beakbane. who was re-elected
one of the vice presidents of the Call
fornia Cricket Association at its ail
nual meeting, has written accenth
the office anoT saying * there is ii tt >
doubt that the Burns Valley Crlrk
et Club. Lake County, will continue to
be a member of the association Ita
annual meeting will be held shortly
when delegates to the California Crick
et Association will be chosen.
nine strokes," 3 up 2 to play.
Driving arid -approach putting con-j
tests are announced ,to take place this
afternoon on the links of the San
Francisco Golf Club. On Tuesday the
ladies, will play an eighteen-hole handi
cap, medal: score.
So'secure did the golfers, feel in their
tenure that it was proposed to improve
the rugged, broken ground lying be
tween the present course and the.Ma
rine Hospital and to lay out nine holes
upon It, so as to have a| full eighteen
hole course. When the cavalry had cut
up the present course it was thought a
new course might be laid out, to be
used in the event of it becoming neces
sary to abandon the'old one.
A 'little reflection showed the futility
of this plan) In a few years, after the
golfers had expended thousands of dol
lars and had developed a fine expanse
of velvety turf, the eyes of some cav
alry officer would be likely, to covet the
well-grassed area, which would seem
excellently adapted to showy evolutions
of well-drilled troopers. The golfers
have decided to seek pastures new.
They are likely to go out in the direc-,
tion of Ingleside. The handsome:club
house standing Just outside the Presidio
reservation would be sold, and on ac
count of the increase in value in real
estate In that part of the city. would
probably bring a price greater than its
cost.
The handicap contest, over, eighteen
holes, that began on the Saturday after
Washington's birthday on the 'San
Francisco links was concluded last Sat
urday. S. L. Abbott Jr. won his match
In the semi-final round by. the default
of R. I. Bentley, who. was absent; from
the city on" business, and in the final
round beat Rolla V. Watt, who received
A special meeting of the members of
the San Francisco Golf Club will be
held at the clubhouse, near the Presidio
reservation, this afternoon at 4 o'clock
for the purpose of considering the es
tablishment of new links. The course
on the Presidio reservation has been so
cut up by the cavalry and artillery evo
lutions that it is in an unplayable con
dition.
Even if the members were willing to
expend several hundred dollars in re
pairing some of the damage, the liabil
ity to have the course ruined again
would still exist. When General Gra
ham first gave permission to the golf
ers to lay out a course on the reserva
tion the ground was overgrown with
bushes, tufts of iris and rough grass.
It was quite unsuitable for. use even as
an exercising ground and would never
have attracted the eyes of a cavalry
officer looking for a place on which to
perform evolutions. By the expenditure
of several thousand dollars the golf
club transformed the rough tract Into a
fine links, covered with springy turf.
Each succeeding commanding officer
after General Graham has been equally
friendly to' the golfers, who had beauti
fied and improved a large area' of the
reservation. . -
Members Hope to Have New
Course SafeFromlntrusion
of Troopers and Artillery
Palo Alto and Pocatelli Are
Expected to Meet in a
Series of Exciting Trials
City Clubs Will Play a Series
of Twelve Games for Cham
pionship of Coming Season
Cardinal 3Ien Find It Impos
sible to Train Owing to
the Unfavorable Weather
Leading; Team Ready forLast
Match for the Association
Football Championship
CRICKETERS GET
SCHEDULE READY
ATHLETIC WORK
AT A STANDSTILL
GOLFERS DISCUSS
ABANDONING LINKS
HOUNDS TRAINING
FOR BIG STAKE
THISTLE ELEVEN
TO PLAY HORNETS
On the park courts matches in all
four classes will be played to-morrow.
The fourth class will be finished.
Guerin and Hall will meet in the fin
als. Each has won the. cup once and
one of them will be tied with Long In
the race. The latter has won the tro
phy twice.
The first class will also be finished
and the second and third classes start
ed to-morrow.. /..-V - .
Considerable dissatisfaction has
been expressed by the members over
the loose way in which the tourna
ments are being run. Last Sunday
four teams were put in the tourna
ment not only after the entry list was
closed, but even after the drawings
had been held. These four teams were
put in the first round instead of the
preliminary and consequently were
asked to play one less , match than
those who were there on time. Surely
the players should not be rewarded
for their carelessness. Another inter
esting f3ct is that all three of these
teams left to play on Sunday are of
the four that were put in late.' In
future a time for the closing of en
tries and for the drawing will be set
and players will be unable to get. in
after this time. ;:,i>
Gray and Wood are the first limit
team to reach the semi-finals. They
will receive odds of "15 4-6." while
Salisbury and Stringham will "owe
15." This is a liberal handicap and
it would not be at all surprising if the
lower class men carried off the tourna
ment honors. '.\ : \
On the California Club courts two
tournament matches will be played.
The handicap doubles was started last
Sunday and In the upper half Will
Allen and Tracy Crawford reached
the finals. In the lower half Sidney
Salisbury and Frank Stringham will
meet Leonard Wood and Herbert
Gray. ' ; "
The Murdock brothers can hardly
hope to win. Percy Murdock classes
with MacGavin and Variel, but his
brother has played but little and is
somewhat outclassed. The match will
be called at 2 o'clock.
If the weather permits there will
be some intere-ting matches on the
tennis courts to-morrow, both here
and at Oakland. After many post
ponements the Alameda County cham
pionships will be brought to a close.
The only match left is the finals of the
doubles. The opposing teams will be
the Murdock brothers. Hamilton and
Percy of Alameda and Drummond
MacGavin and Robert Variei, repre
senting the California Tennis Club
and the University of California.
The college men are strong favor
ites, but \ .. have to play better than
they did last Sunday. Variel was
away off. but has been playing a con
sistent game of late. If he gives Mac-
Gavin any kind of support his team
should win.
TWO. MEMBERS OP THE PITCHING STAFF OF THE SAX FRANCISCO BASEBALL TEAM AND THE BACKSTOP. WHO IS A FAVORITE WITH THE PUBLIC.
Clubs on Each Side of the
Bay Are Trying to Com
plete Their Tournaments
TENNIS MATCHES
HINGE ON WEATHER
selves as to the merits of Hank's 1304
aggregation.
The home team has not enjoyed a
whole lot of needed practice owing to
the condition of the weather during the
past month and this may handicap the
players to a certain • degree. Yet if
they are the real goods and have any
tight in them they should be able to
at least make the big leaguers hustle
some before the game is completed. On
Sunday afternoon the same two teams*
v. ill line up once more, with a cnange of
pitchers.
Jimmy Whalen and Winnie Cutter
are due to appear on Uncle's slab this
afternoon. If any one in the Coast
League will stop the jj great Chicago
sluggers it is Whalen. For the last
three years he has been the mainstay
on the home slab, and for that reason
the fans all look to him to buffalo the
Eastern stars this afternoon.
Big Bert Jones and Stanley Yerkes
will have a try at the stars on Sunday
afternoon. The grounds are a little
soft after the recent rains, but with
a few hours of sunshine they will dry
out readily. The grass has sprouted
out all over the outfield, while the in
field is as smooth as glass. If San
Francisco does not have a champion
ball team this year it will at least pos
sess a swell ball grounds.
The ever reliable Tommy Leahy will
do most of the catching in the two
games against the Chicago club.
Tommy is in the best of shape and
ready for the opening of the season.
The fans will rely a whole lot on Leahy
to bring the pennant home to Uncle
and h« will certainly do his share of
the work. The teams will probably line
up as follows this afternoon:
San Francisco. Position. Chicago.
I-^ahy and Hanson Catchers. O'Neill ar.d Kiing
Whalen and Cutter Pitchers. I^undsren-Weimer
M?f >»•>• First base Chance
Andwton .«»oind ba«e Evfr*
lrw in Hhird base Ca»ey
Fchmwr Khoristop -Tinker
Hilrtchrand Left field McCarthy
Waldron Center field Slagle
Aieany Rl*bt field Graham
Jimmie Whalen and Winnie
Cutter Will Try to Puzzle
the Windy City Batsmen
If the weather does not take a bad
turn this afternoon the new San Fran
cisco baseball team will appear in its
first real mix-up. Mr. Seelee's great
Chicago National League tossers will
furnish most of the excitement and
¦nhsn the came is over the fans will
have a good chance to judge for them-
CHICAGO NINE
WILL TRY OUT
UNCLE'S TEAM
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, MARCH 10, .1904.
BASEBALL TEAMS WILL LINE UP TO-DAY IN FIRST GAME OF THE SEASON
10yawl Nereid was driven on the beach
so near to the railroad track that the
passing trains almost struck her. J.
K. Savory's sloop Juanita of the San
Francisco Yacht Club was driven
toward shore and rests on the wreck
of an old scow near the track. Mac
farlane'B fast twenty-footer Ruby is
high ashore broadside, and a small
sloop lies half submerged in the mid
dle of the lagoon.
The force of the storm was felt
even in po sheltered a spot as Corte
Madera Creek, which is a winter an
chorage for several arks and yachts.
The ark Olga broke from her moor
ings and struck the schooner White
Wings, punching two holes in the
schooner and sinking herself. The
White Wings was patched up suf
ficiently to be towed to Tiburon for
repairs.
At Sausalito the sloops Surprise and
Curlew, with the launches Vladimir.
Rob Roy. Alice and Kitty M were at
moorings in front of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club. They rode the
storm out. The waves burst the sea
wall and tore away a great part of
the roadway in front of the clubhouse.
On the beach at Old Sausalito Boat
builder Smith had a boathouse jacked
up ready for removal to another site.
The storm seized it and made a com
plete wreck of it.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that the fol
lowing examinations will be held at
San Francisco-, Marysville, Fresno and
Los r Anseles: Electrical assistant.
April 19. $75 per month. Age limit,
20 years or over. Applicants should
be thoroughly familiar with the prac
tical side of electricity as applied to
telegraph, telephone and cable engin
eering and also with the methods of
testing and installing electrical in
struments used in fire control, such as
storage batteries, telegTaphs, electrical
clocks, telephones, etc. Civil engineer
and * superintendent of construction,
quartermaster's department at large,
April 19 and 20. Age limit. 20 years or
over. This examination will be held
to fill seventeen vacancies at $1500
per annum. Physician, Indian ser
vice. April 19- Age limit, 25 to 55
years. Persons who desire to com
pete should apply either to the United
States Civil Service Commission,
Washington, . D. C. or to the secre
tary of the Consolidated Board of
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson
street, for application form 1312,
which should be properly executed
and filed with the commission at
Washington.
Government Wants Kniploycs.
(C37T)The Fretter (CRourke) „ IW
63SG Mr. Dingle (Tierney) Iu2
C377 'Arthur Hay <CI*rton) 101
fourth race— The Thornton stakes; three
ypar-olds and op: $2500 added: four miles:
*«m3)Eailor Knot (Daly) W»
1302 The Way (Clark).... IK.
(K£9 Rio Shannon <Coffey) llu
<<>V.5)HoraUus (McAlester) Io9
6C93 Veterano (Vlvell) 109
Fifth race — Six furlongs; three-year-old* and
up: selling: ¦ .„
62S3 »K1 Piloto " <Hoa*> 103
(C330)»Ocyrohe (Coffey) 03
tE<53 *Bax Elder (Moran) W
4794 Oriana (Camobell) 110
«>40 MvPtoIa U<"nnlnpF) £fl
G330 'Mlsty's Pride «?!»£> ¦ • £J
6327 The Hawaiian (McCafferty) .... 95
fclxth race— Mile and seventy yards; three
year-old.i and up: -handicap:
f63Sl)Hainault <Thomas & Ileavey) 101
C.3G5 Kevnote (Kyle) 99
CT.65 Modicum iKoiintaln) Ho
C3T.4 Kenllworth (Stover) fl7
(6204 Arabfr (Jer.nines) ...Ill
(VIM Ocean Dream <Twyman> IDS
6365 G. \V. Trahern (Qulnlan) 97
J453 Wane Nlcht (Wllkerwsn) 103
•Apprentice allowance.
?
PROBABLE V/I17NERS.
First race— Billy Moore, Assessment,
Decoy.
Second race— Matt Bogan, Gal*atlin».
Bard Barns.
. Third -race— Mr. ramtua, The Pretter,
Pllle d'Or.
Fourtb race — Horatius, Veteraao. Bio
Shannon.
Fifth race— Ocyrohe, Letcla, Misty'*
Prifie.
Sixth race— Arabo, Modicum, Ocean
.Dream.,:" :/-""-' V-'\ ' -' ' •'" : ' '-'¦'¦--'
SEATTLE. March IS, — A special to
the Post-Intelligencer from Ska'gway
says that the feefling pipes of that
town's water system are frozen and
that the supply of .water for consum
ers and fire protection has been shut
off.
Stairway's Water Pipes Frozen.
admission.
The lecture was under the auspices
of the California Camera Club — in fact,
it was their one hundred and J-ixty-
Kxih lecture, and Henry Payot satis
fie-d his immense audience with his true
and beautifully colored illustrations.
The description of men and women, of
localities, of life and manners and cus
tom* of Japan was as instructive as it
was entertaining.
Mr. Payot was given hearty applause
at the close of the lecture. During the
intermission Richard H. Hunt con
tributed to the enjoyment of the lec
ture by pinging some ballads with fine
expression.
uraa the subject of a lecture given last
night by Henry "Payot in the Alhambra
Theater. Every seat was occupied, and
a number large enougti to have fHled a
tnr more hundred seats was declined
llcnry Payot Tells tlic Story of Japan
Under Auspices of the Califor
nia Camera Club.
"Japan, the Land of the Rising Sun,"
BIG CROWD HEARS LECTURE
OS SUBJECT OF THE MOMENT
Encampment of Cadets.
SAXTA CRUZ, March IS. — T. W.
Kelly has returned from San- Fran
cisco, where he arranged for the an
nual encampment of the First Regi-*
ment of the League of the Cross Ca
dets to be held here in July. A pro
gramme has been arranged and Arch
bishopi Riordan, Archbishop Mont
gomery and Bishop Conaty will be
guests of honor.
NEW YOiiK. March IS. — At a
meeting of the board of directors of
the Saratoga Association for the Im
provement of the Breed of Horses F.
R. Hitchcock was elected president to
succeed William C. Whitney, and
Harry Payne Whitney was elected
vice president in place of Mr. Hitch
cock. Clarence H. Mackay was elect
ed director of the association.
Hitchcock Succeeds W. C. Whitney.
The Board of Education will meet
this morning and appoint forty census
marshals for the purpose of taking
the yearly census of children of school
age. Active work will begin on April
1 under the supervision of Chief Cen
sus Marshal Atkinson and his head
deputy, JTohn Fitzgerald.
Will Appoint Census Marshals.
The Dixie was doing well until sMe
sprung a leak and was forced to re
tire.
The chances of L. S. Adams' Sautee
are considered much better since she
beat the fast Witch, owned by Genuns.
last Sunday. The winning boat had
nothing to spare, but a victory over
the Witch is a coveted honor, al
though the margin be smalL
The two models 'launched by M.
Phorsen and C. '. McCleary last week
made a satisfactory showing. They
are built on graceful lines and show
considerable speed. Forest & Car
ter's new scow sloop did not come up
to expectations when launched last
Sunday. Her poor showing was at
tributed to her riff, which was too
small. This defect can easily be rem
edied and the new boat, with proper
rigging, .will be heard from when the
races commence.
Many new models have already
been launched and more will be in th^
near future. Many of the students or
the Humboldt Evening School have
become interested in model yachting
and already three crack boats have
been built by them. They are the
Humboldt I. II and III. • The first
named is the only one of the three
that has been launched. It is one of
the largest boats In the fleet, meas
uring seventy-nine Inches.
The San Francisco Model Yacht
Club will open the racing 1 season far
IS 04 to-morrow on Spreckels Lak-J
in Golden Gate Park. The owners of
the small boats have beerf anxiously
awaiting this occasion. For several
weeks most of the owners have b«ea
out accustoming themselves to tli*
different courses and surroundings.
The racing season last year was satis
factory, but this year the competition
will be better. The models will not
meet with interference from rowboati
as the'y did last year on Stow Lak-s
and the banks are much better on the
new lake. A lack of wind also mad3
racing rather difficult at times. The
yacht owners will not have this ti>
contend with this season, us there is
always a good breeze over the new
lake. ?.-;
Spreckcls Lake in Golden Gate Park
Will Be the Scene of Action
for Small Craft.
SEASON FOU MODEL YACHTING
WILL BE OPEXED TO-MORROW
LOS ANGELES, March IS. — James
F. Morley, manager of the Los An
geles baseball team, who has Just re
turned from the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League managers at San
Francisco, denies the Dillon case has
been settled. He still hopes to hold
his first baseman. Morley will deal
directly with the parties in the East
with claims on Dillon's services and
expects to soon have a termination of
the dispute.
Morley SU11 Claims Dillon.
The sloop Phoenicia, upon which
her owner has expended a great deal
of work -and considerable money dur
ing the winter, was carried against the
bows of the old schooner Tropic Bird
where she pounded hard, suffering
much damage. The Mikado, on the
other side, of the Tropic Bird, was car
ried against a cottage, the end and
one side of which were completely
ripped out, nearly everything In the
cottage being destroyed. To scuttle
her and prevent her from doing fur
ther harm, a dynamite cartridge was
discharged in the sloop, which now
lies a wreck on the beach. The apron
of the Olympic Boat Club house was
carried away. The Tropic Bird lost
an outside gangway.
On the beach near the bridge is a
half- rater. A launch ; was swept?
against the concrete bulkhead of the
Belvedere Hotel and sustained consid
erable damage. The yawl Spray was
lying, at Frank Bartletfs moorings in
the cove. - The rone chafed and parted,
the sloop being blown away, but for
tunately escaping much damage, as
she was caught at the plledriver near
the bridge to the lagoon. The, sloop
Sans -Souci, went. into the lagoon at the
close of last season, but her mfst wa's
unstepped and'she lay to a mooring in
the cove, standing the blow well.
" 'In the lagoon many evidences of the
Eouthweater are visible. The sloop
Merope is in the road at the head of
the lagoon. The •, sloop Halcyon was
driven , up on the beach, and the sloop
Cupid into ¦ the • marshJ- W. , Fliher'a
Rarely has so much havoc been
wrought among the pleasure craft of
San Francisco Bay as was done by
the storm of last week. The shores
of Sausalito, Tiburon-and Corte Ma
dera Creek tell an eloquent story of
the violence and destructive force of
the gale.
Broadside on the beach of the main
street of Tiburon is the big yawl Aca
pulco, formerly the schooner Dolphin
of the Vallejo Yacht and Boat Club.
The little sloop Venture was hauled
up on the beach at the time of the
storm, but the stays were knocked
from under her and she was battered
about. R. N. Whitney's little launch,
after losing everything except her en
gine, was thrown against the plank
walk leading to the Corinthian Club
house, where she formed an excellent
breakwater for the cottage that abuts
on the walk. Her coaming was bat
tered on* and a big hole stove in her,
but she can be repaired. E. F. Sagar's
sloop Edna, moored on the Emilie's
chain In front of the Corinthian
Club house, rode the storm out with
out damage.
.Tutlse Morrow Thanked.
United States Judge Morrow re
ceived by mail yesterday from Boise
City, Idaho, a set of artistically en
grossed resolutions signed by James
H. Hanley, president of the Board of
Library Trustees, and the Mayor and
the Woman's Columbian Club, thank
ing him for having secured for that
city from Andrew Carnegie a donation
of $5000 to be used for library pur
poses.
Shores of Tilmron Lagoon
and Belvedere Cove Strewn
With Evidences of Gale
If any one doubts the power and pro
gressiveneFs of ITncle Sam in matters
military he rbould go to the Presidio
*.r.d see what he has done in "the way
cf educating and training the youthful
Filipino. Yesterday between the hours
at 3 and 4 o'clock the Philippine scouts
were put through an extensive drill on
the parade grounds in front of the gen
rral hospital buttdings, and at 5 o'clock
they were reviewed by Major F. de L.
Carrirgton in full dress parade. They
made a fine showing axid took a tre
mendous interest in their work, execut
ing the different evolutions in a highly
rcmrnendable manner. The band made
a great hit during the parade and
I-layed "The Sta.r-Spar.gled Banner" in
a stirring fashion. About 2000 people
witnessed the ceremonies. There will
be r.o drill to-day or to-morrow, but on
Monday and every day next week they
will be on the parade grounds between
3 and 4 o'clock.
Scouts Show to Advantage In Drill
and Band Plays "Star-Spangled
Ilanner.*'
Sixth race, one and a »ixteent> mlle»—Atho
la won. Nimble Naf second. Straier third.
Time. 1:5-1 2-5.
Fourth race, five and a half farlonga Jen*
Collins won. Presentation *econd. J:-sett* tfcird.
Time. 1:10.
Fifth race, ore and a sixteenth miles — Clrc-J*
Girl won. Safeguard second. Dr. Garrick third
Time. 1:32 4-5.
Third race, flve and a half furlonja — rjoclls
won. Spencerian secend. Shortcake third. Time
1:0* 2-5.
Second race, half mile — Truffle Hunter won.
Falbala second, Georgia Carter third. Time.
;5O 4-5.
First race. »x fnrlonjfs—^a Cache won. Hi.«t
second. Half-a-Hunired third. Time, 1:17 5-5.
NEW ORLEANS, March 19. — Crescent City
results:
New Orleans Race Results.
PLEASURE CRAFT
ARE TOSSED ABOUT
I1LIPIXOS GIVE DRESS
PARADE AT THE PRESIDIO
N'EW YORK. March IS.— The New
York Yacht Club officials have replied
to the letter of Sir Thomas Lipton In
which the Irish Baronet asked if the
club would accept a challenge for a
race for the America's cup under the
new rule of measurement of the club.
Sir Thomas Lipton in asking if the club
would accept a challenge under the
hew rules practically asked the club to
bar the Reliance." Constitution and Co
lumbia from participating in future
races for the cup. These boats could
not be used as defenders, because the
present rules of the club limit the
draught of any boat to eighteen feet,
and these three draw 20 feet each.
It is understood from club members
who have a knowledge of what the
committee agreed upon that the latter
Intimated to Sir Thomas Upton that
the club does not cros3 a bridge until it
comes to it. and that it has no power
to say what It will do in the event of
a challenge being received and can
make no agreement with any one which
shall govern future contests.
Practically A?ks That Reliance. Con
stitution and Columbia Be Barred
From Future Contests.
UPTON* NAMES CONDITIONS
FOI» ANOTHER CUP RACE
FRESNO. March 18.— Chicago won
again from Tacoma on the diamond
this afternoon by a score of 5 runs to 1.
The game was uninteresting. Tacoma
being decidedly out of form. Overall
went in the box in the fourth and for
three innings did poor slab work. Chi
cago made four hits and four runs off
him, while he walked two men to first.
He was replaced in the seventh by
Sample, who held the Chicagoans level.
Slagle, Chicago's center fielder, played
the strongest game of the day, batting
exceptionally well. Hannivan crossed
the plate for Tacoma"* only run on a
hit by Hogan. who caught in great
form. Score:
Tacoma 1 6 4
Chicago % 5 8 0
Batteries: Taccma — Thcmas. Overall. Sam
ple and Graham. Hcsan. Chicago — Brown.
BriRgs and ONeill. Umpire — Burleigh. At
tendance — 2500.
Chlengo Players Make Fonr Hits and
Four Kuns Off His Delivery.
OVERALL Vi POOR FORM.
OAILAiro BACETBACg- FRIDAY. March IS.— Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
C3SG.. I?IRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs: selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.;
Index Horse and Owner. lWt St. Vt. «4.""Str. Fin. Jockey. • Op. . Cl.
633S Cassie W, 6 (J. C. Nealon). JlOTk 5 ... 1 h 3 1^41 1VU 1*4 Bonner 6-2 J
C2S0 Dr Sherman 6 (M. L. \Vhite)!108* 9 ... 9 3 0 2 "2 \x 2 h Frowen ••• 20 "40
63e«J Ama*a. a (M. M. Rowley)... 101 1 ... 2 1^1 >4 3 2 3 3 Buxton 10 ._ «
6234 Impromptu. (Painter) 107 2 ... 10 7 % 6 h 4 n J. Martin.. ' 9- . • '
6171 My Surprise, 1 (Mounce) 109 6 ... 4 % 2 •>» 4 li 5 3%'Mountaln .". ' 5 •
633S Pure Dale. 4 (Thomas & R). 102 7 ... 5 1V-6 >i 7 6 h jTravers .:. , 3 0
63C0 Bell Reed. 4 (J. T. Collins).. 104 4 ... 3^4n 5n 7 3 !J. T. Shehn 15 20..
6234 Florinel II. a (H. W. Hoag). 1<» 8 ... 8 H 8 2 S3 6 4 |1. Powell... \ 12 15
61C1 Pcnzance. 4 (H. Stover) fi 1021 3 ... 6n S3 94 93 iKnapp 30 100
51 56 jTom Mitchell. 4 (McNeil). ... 1C4U0 ... 7 2 10 10 10 !C Smith... 4ft 30
Time — :25»i. :51»i. 1:10^. At post 1^4 minutes! Off at 2;14H- Cassie. place. 4-5; show,
1-2. Sherman, place. 15; show. 8.' Amasa show. 6-5. Winner, ch. m. by Trentola
- • Catalina. Trained by J. C. Nealon. Scratched — Benlash Arooruna. Start good. Won
easily. Next three driving hard. Bonner was not anxious the first part of it with
CaesJe and von when ready. Dr. Sherman ran an Improved race. Ana« grew groggy
near the close. Impromptu sulked first part of it. My Surprise quit. Pure Dale lacked
Fperd. Florlnel was sore. .
C3S7. SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; purse; maiden 2-yearoldE; first. f325.
Index Horf« and Owner. Wt^St. U . V4-' % • Str. Fin. Jockey. 1 Oj>. Cl.
e315 Eseobosa (Stewart & Co.) 111 4 4 4 1 . 1 n J. Daiy 3 8-2
6351 Saccharate OCapa Stock Farm)llO7 2 3 1 3 2 2 2 IKnapp 2 2
C375 jPireMa (Mrs. Miller) '107 1 1 4 I n 3 ns |J. T. Shehn 10 15
C255 iAnatirus «P. Ryan) iios 1 :,., ... 6 *£ 2 H 4 2 jj Martin.. 2 16-5
6339 iSen. Poyntz »E. Fitzgerald).. 107 8 .'. . ... 8 b H D 4 Mountain - 10 - v S "
G351 IM.'zpah (Summers & Co.)... 10S 3 < 2 »4 7 Vi 6 4 !Haack ..... 6 12
C255 lLady 2%'inora (J. B. Harris).. 104 6 • & H 6 2 7 2ValTravers .>. 30 M>
t :Lady Blanton (Mrs. Miller). .ilOi 5 ... .,. 7 18 8 |Hollander * *
Time— :2<5. :41 ! i- At post 5 minutes. Off at 2:46%. Escobosa. plac#. ,7-3; shoT*. 1-2.
- -Faecharate. p!ac». 7-10; show. l»1. Pirelia. brow., 2. Winner, br. p. by Eddt* Jcnes-
Xarsmax. Trained by F. Edwards. S:art good " Won Jn a drive of four. Winner is
game enough for what he can do. Saccharate would have won If not Interfered with by
Plrelia on stretch turn, Ar.aurus had some speed Senator Poyntz away poorly. %\jom
Anjreles index C12S. 'Coupled with Pirelia. straight, place and show.
O3SS. THIRD RACE — Futurity course; selling; 3T»year-o!ds and op; value to first. *325.
ilndexj Horse and Owner. iWtiSt. Vi. %. %. Etr. Fin. J Jockey, j Op. Cl.
! {GXPZy Hoceo. 3 (Photo Stable) 102 .3 ... 6 7 3 ?i S 2 1 h ICrosswalt* 4 9-2
C364 [Criss Cross, 5 TF. N. Hayes). 121 1 ... 11 2 VAX n 2 5 IMouctaln .. « 6
i (Gi40)fSalto. 3 <D. S. Fountain). ... 102' 6 ... 2 H 1 H 2 1^43 2H'Var.drbout 1 9-10
6102 iHarhor. -S-<H.- E. Rowell) 107-4,... 3n 4 2^4 2 4 l^jTravers ... 6 5
: 5575 iThank Haven 3 (Clark) 105! 5 ' •* H 5 10 J. S 5 8 |J. Jones 20 40
I 4017 iDuke of Richelieu, 5 »Gottur.g)illSi 7 ... 6 12 6 20 6 30-6 50 ;C King CO 2C0
C2S0 JMtndota. 3 (Napa Btock F.)..|10C! 2 ... 7 7 7 7 JG". BvsUman| 50 2'^)
Time— :254;-:51. 1:14%. At poet 1 minute. OJf at 3:00. Hoceo. p)ae#. 6-5: show. 25.
Oro<:«<. p!ace. 9-5; show. 4-5. Salto. show, out. Winner, b. f. by Take Notice-Happy
Maiden. Trained by D. Anthony. Scratched — Resigned. Harry Thatcher. Foxy Grandpa.
Haul of Tarsus. Start poor. Won In a drive of two. • Third stoppVrig'. ¦ Mountain on
Crl5* Cross had race won. but did not eee Hoceo dosing fast on the Inside. Salto quit-
Harbor gave It up early. Others outclassed.
GOSJ). FOURTH RACE— One. mile and 50 yards; ¦Belling; 4-year-olds and up; to fir»t. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. WHSt. ?4. %. *i. Str. Fin. | Jockey. | Op. Cl.
«367 ildogo. 5 (C. McCafferty)....:. 102 5 1 1H1 H 1 5i 1 1H1 3 |C Smith...! 12 13
6244 'P.im Rock, 6 <S. J. Jones) !109j 4 .2 3 2 8UI »H2 2 2ft (I. Powell... I 12 12
Ctne ,Po!onius' 4 (Stewart & Co.).:jlll) 3 4 <4 4 fi 3 2 31 3»;!J Daly » 5 1S-T.
6341 IBoutonniere 4 <F. Jonea). . . (1O3| 2 3 :< n 42 4^43 tBuxton | 3 1*5-5
6352 !Mr. Dingle. 4 CC. Tierney).. jllOJ 18 5 & 5 6 [Mountain ..! 1 6-5
Time— :25?i. :Z2. 1:1S^. l:47»i. l:5Ot4. At post % minute. Off at 3:31 >4. Idogo. place. 5;
show. C-5. P.ock. place. 4; ehow, 1. Polonlus. show. 1-3. Winner, br.' g. by Re
splendent-Idaho. Trained by C. McCafferty. Scratched— Rio Shannon. Start good.
Won easily. Balance driving. Idogo was ablaze to-day, looking like the new St.
Francis Hotel wiih the lights all turned on. Rim Rock was ready this day. too. Polo
nius didn^t_ run _very_ fag^ Bcutonnlere even slower and Mr. Dlnjrle walked.
0300. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-old3 and up; value to first. ?325.
Index! Hor«e and Owner. Wt'St. hi . H. %. Etr. Fin. ! Jockey. I Op. cT
fi3C4 iGa!anthus. C (Mrs. Coffey>.:.' 10x1 1 3 n 2 1 ?^1 lHlBuxton 4 «
C2S*5 IMImo. 4 (P. Sheridan) il04' 3 ... 1 i 12 1 «¦; 2 2*j!Roach 8-5 11-5
6124 !Col. Van. 6 (D. S. Fountaln).jl07l 4 : 6 2U« 5 6 3 3 »i ,Vandrbout 5 7
6333 IReeves 4(Lama«ncy Bros.). .|112t 2 5 '^ 4 r%4 1 4 3 !J. Daly 0 9-2
5378 iMolto 4 ill. U. Shannon>. . . t -!l01 «... 4 2^5 n 5 »4 5 4 iBnnner 20 12
0.154 iMuresca 5 (Mrs. Miller)..... 1105 7 ... 2 h 3 n 3 4 « 10 !c. Smith. .J 4 13-2
6330 (Whiskers .1 (R. Wilson). .. ...ilOlt S ... S « 72 7 n iTravers ...! 10 20
.... jLozano. 5 (Leach &. Cook) ill2| 6 ... 7 1 7 % 8 8 iW. Xanaei! 30 1W
Time — :24»i. :50 1:17. At post >i minute. Off at 3:57^. Galanthus. rlace. 2: show. S-10.
Mlmo. place. »-10; show. 2-5. Van. show. 0-5. Winner, ch. g. by July-Snowdrop.
Trained by J. Coffey. Start good. Won easily. Next three driving. Buxton made no
mistakes this p. m. with winner. Mlmo tired at the paddock. Colonel Van closed from
behind. finlshinR strong. Reeves no excuse. Mureyca quit. Whiskers' not up to much.
0301. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling: 3-year-olds; value to first. $025.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. U-H- *i. Str. Fin. j Jockey. I Op. cTT
C574 {Gateway (T. W. -Lottridge). . . 92] 2 2 ?» 2 3 2 4 In 1 %¦. iCrosswalte 10 10
eS53 jAnirad (Mrs. Coffey) > Ml 3 ( 10 4 3 5 3 5 2 R JTravers ... 6-5 6-5
6353 iHulfora <H. Stover) U07| 4 11 In 11-4 23 3 12 iKnapp 3 4
<:27l IScherxo (Pueblo Stable) la:! 1 3 3 3 n 4 4 4 !j. T. Sfcehnl 3 7-2
C3C2 !Jack Little (W. P. Fine) | 9j| 5 5 Pulled up |C. Smith...) 10 25
Time— :21 s i. :5l. 1:1C«;. 1:40. At poH >4 minute. Off at 4:22ij. Gateway, place. 3;
•how 1 Anirad. place. 2-o: show. out. Hulford. «how. 2-5. Winner, br. g. by Del Pa«o-
Seco.' Trained by T. W. UottriOge. Start good. Won in a hard drive of two. Third
stepping. Gateway ran a game race. Anirad late in getting up. Hulford quit. Scherzo
couldn't untrack himself. Jack Little swerved at start.
Chafes Sloat, the alleged cham
pion lightweight from Tennessee, was
pie for Jack Gray, who stowed him
away In two rounds. Sloat is a big,
awkward looking rube and the gallery
had all kinds of fun while he was
maneuvering about the ring. Jack
O'Brien of the south side won from
Joe Leahy after four rounds of good,
hard fighting. It was even up all the
time and both boys were going hard
when the gong tapped.
Hike Synfy, the terrible Turk, laid
George Murdock on the carpet in the
third round. Kid Parker had a tough
engagement with Dick Cullen, but fin
ally landed the money at the end of
the fourth spasm. Harry McCloud put
Manuel Torres to the floor with a
shower of hard ones in the second
round of their erigagement.
Bonar Wilt dropped Jack Augustine
In the second round with a vicious
right crofts to the jaw. , Up to that
time the fight was slow and uninter
esting. Dick Highland easily beat
Jack Brown, a newcomer, in four
rounds. The latter was game and will
ing to go. but. lacked experience and
did not understand how to hit in the
correct fashion.
The amateur boxing game is the real
thing os a money maker. That was
demonstrated at the new "Woodward's
Pavilion last night, when the San
Francisco Club's bouts drew about 9000
people, or something: like 56000, for the
box ofllce. There were ten bouts on the
card, and the show "broke up In -a
chorus of hisses and hoots that sur
passed anything that has ever been
heard here at a prizefight.
It happened after the last mill of the
evening had been decided. Owen Sul
livan, the big: youth from the' south
side, was pitted against Joe Long, the
veteran of many a battle. It so hap
pened that Long just beat Sullivan to a
pulp during those eventful four rounds,
and when Referee Greggains decided in
favor of Sullivan the gailery started in,
and soon the ground floor was assisting
it, in a chorus of hisses that is beyond
description.
Sullivan clearly demonstrated that he
does not know the fighting game. He
rushed around the ring like a mad bull,
while Long met him squarely every
time and punched him from head to
foot— so badly, in fact, that he was a
mass of blood, but still game. He did
not hit Long two effective blows during
the engagement, and was not entitled
to anything but the losers end of the
purse.
The next best bout on the card was
between Joe Larkin and Joe Podesta,
two lightweights. They slugged and
slugged till it looked as though both
must drop from sheer exhaustion, but
still they stayed the limit. Podesta was
given the decision.
Gus Koster won from Joe Stanley
after four slow and tedious rounds.
This decision did not please the multi
tude at all, and those in the gallery
were not slow to make known their
feelings toward the club and its referee.
Second race, six farlocgrs — Axares won, Dcn
r.a Bel La strcond. Lcra Lighter third. Time.
1:17'^.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards —
Picqnart sven. Mamselle seccsd, Th# Fiddler
third. Time. 1:4«4.
Fcurth race, six furlono — Harre«t«r wen.
Martius second, Lady Lavish thirl. Time,
1:1«. .
Fifth raze, flve furfor.ffs — Debbi» May won.
Matt Wad!eiffh second. Jake Ward third. Time.
1:01 K. . .
Sixth race, six furlongs — Nlchcls won. Bar
thowe second, Sly Ecots third. Tim*. 1:16*4-
Racing at Hot Springs.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. March IS.— Essex
Park result*:
First me. half mile — Amalina. won, Flnkl*
•econd. The Lor«[et third. Time. :50H.
Fourth rac?. six rurloncs. handicap — Colonel
Casey. 91 (Feicht). 4 to 1. won; Golden Rate.
12.1 (Prior) « to 3. *econd: Ra« Tt». l<n ( j.
L*Tis>. 3 to 1. third. Time. l:U>-». M-- F.
Tarpey and Americano also ran.
Fifth race. six furlonars. parse— <3entl«
Harry. 110 •Jackson), S to 5. won; Cnemist.
117» (Anderson). 7 to i second; Potrero Grande.
1<iT (W. Kelly). 7 to 1. third. T1:ae. 1:17.
Innjibrocls. Caroburn. Xlaud Browne. Fit*
Stockwel] and Can N>!1 al*a ran.
Sixth rtu-s. seven furlongs. sellia« — Caa«jo.
lie (J. Lewis). 3 to 1. won: Gltn Rice. 1»Z
(Feicht). 4 to" 1. second; R*<1 Damsel. l«fc
f Henderson). - 1O . to 1. third. Time. 1:3a.
Evander. Cursus and Rio Chico also ran.
Second race, one mile. 9-lltnK — Pfcyx. 115
(Lawrence). 3 to 2, won: Major Hooker. 110
(McClees) 7 to 1. seconi; Gray Morn. 110
(Miles). ICO to 1. third. TlTn<\ 1:45. General
Cronje. Lurdan, Picture, Ulm, Capitol. AJ
metus. Homage and Tlr.g-a-LJnff a!so ran.
Third race, flve and a half furjenffs. «e!i;ng—
Barrlnyton. 10O < Johnson). 7 to 5. won; 9u*i«»
Chrl#t!an 05 iP*elcht). 4 tr» 1. second; L«ty
Usk 95 (Jackscn). 11 to 5. third. Tin*. l:0O.
Mr.iel Reed. MatronJa and Kvercnore also ran.
First race, six furlong*, purse — Moonstone.
100 (Feicht). 7 ti 2. won; L!herto. Ill <tni«aa».
11 to 5. second; Kylo II. HO fBooker). 7 to 2.
third. T!rne. 1:17. Ismad. Frterllene. Hon
duran. Natal. Coastantlna and North Pole a> »
ran.
Barringtc-n. another favorite, galloped
hi first in the five and a half furlong 1
dash. Susie Christian was second and
Lady Usk third.
. Gentle Harry beat Chemist a length
for the fifth race at six furlongs. Po
trero Grande finished third.
Canejo took the last from the odd3
on favorite Glenrice by two lengths.
Red Damsel was third.
Weather cloudy; track good.
SU3IMAKY.
LOS ANGELES. March 18.— Three fa
vorites won at Ascot to-day, which is
the best the talent has been able to
pick them for several days past. Gold
en Rule once again was made favorltd
In the six-furlong high weight handi
cap and. following the rule where he
is favorite, he ran second. Colonel
Bogey came like a lion In the stretch
and won handily, with Rag Tag third.
Moonstone won the first race from
a bad bunch. Liberto. the favorite, was
second, and Kylo II third.
Phyz ran to form and took the sec
ond race at 7 to 5. with Major Hooker
second and Gray Morn third.
y^rt^rday at Harry Corbett's and
nearly SIC. 000 worth of tickets \rer<>
disposed of. This indicates an at
tendance at the fight of record-break
ing proportions.
is a new one on Britt. When he wts
fiehtlr.g Tim Heagerty he landed some
FtifT punches, but the Australian only
smiled and said: "I could Uike those
launches ail eight."
"Oh. no you couldn't." said Britt,
"you won't be here all night."
Just then he landed on Heagert>'a
Jaw and the fight ended abruptly.
Close application to his training work
is the feature of Jimmy's daily rorrtine
at his cam? at Croli's Gardens. Ala
ir.^da. A* the time Ec-t for the big bat
tle of little rnen draws nearer Britt is
commencing to wear a more serious
countenance, as if he were giving the
ccminp fipht ail his mental attention,
respite the serious look Jimmy is
happy and says he will be happier still
when he puts his gloves up in front of
Young Ccrbett. If faithful attention tc
the programme mapped out for him by
hJf handlers means good condition
Uritt will be at his best next Friday
night.
Jimmy went through his usual
work at his gymnasium yesterday and
received a number of visitors. Many
of the?se cast their critical eyes over
the crack fighter's physique and were
pleased with his condition. There
¦will be no material change in Britt's
work until the middle of next week.
After the stirring and turbulent
times of Thursday at Corbett's camp
there was a lull yesterday. The lit
tle champion declared a holiday in
th^ afternoon. With his trainers he
w«-nt to Sutro Baths and disported
in the big tank like a schoolboy. In
the evening he came into town with
his automobile and attended the ama
teur fights.
The advance Bale of seats opened
¦ Many anecdotes have been told of
Ccrbett's r.imble wit In the ring. Here
Britt weighed a shade over 132 pounds
ycrterday. His trainers would prefer
to have him heavier, as they could then
work him hard without danger of over
training.
While betting on the Britt -Corbett
f.cht is slow to commence the men who
lieure price* have decided ihat the
openlas odds will b« 10 to 7, with Cor
b*tt favorite. The adherents of th?
« "cJifornlan will probably not unbuckie
their money belts until early in the
week, when they will feel sure that
Britt will make the weight and stili
retain his etrencth-
Sever. -sixteenths of a mile — %V. E. Pedley'i
Carlotta. 163: U. and W. M?Cre*ry'« Sunset.
162, and HaiEie. 100: R. SpreckleV Pat. 157.
One-quarter of a mile — W. K. Pedlej-"* Car
lotta. US& and Queen Rucker. 147: R. and W.
McCreery> Sunset, K3; R. Ppreckles' Maud H,
14**: F. J. Carolan'f Floradcra, ICO.
One mile— \V. E. Pedley's Oarlotta. 155: R.
and W. McCreery's Mamie, 103; R. Spreckles'
Lotrlx. 14i>.
The officials of the California Polo
and Pony Racing Association, who
carried out their programme of races
on Thursday bravely despite the driv
ing rain, hope for ¦ more favorable
climatic conditions to-day. at. .Tan
foran racecourse.
There are six races on the card,
ranging in distance from three-six
teenths of a mile to one mile. Robert
Leighton, the clever handicapper for
the association, has readjusted the
weights and exciting contests are ex
pected among, the miniature -thor
oughbreds.
Thomas A. Driscoll will take the
place in the stand of Thomas H. Wil
liams as presiding judge, the presence
of the latter being required at Oak
land track owing to the stake race.
C. D. Jeffries, who proved so success
ful as starter, will wield the flag again.
There will be a special train over
the Southern Pacific, leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 1:30 o'clock.
The cars of the San Mateo electric
road pass the track. The ponies will
be called for the first race at 2:15
o'clock. The entries follow:
Half mile— W. E. Pedl*y's Carlotta. 1TO
pounds- R. and W. McCrepry's Mamie. 156: R.
Sprockets' Lctrtx IjO. and Oacahaute. US; Z.
MeCreeir'« Lucy Glitters, llrt.
Three-sixteenths of a mile — R. and w. Mc-
Creery'a Sunset. 16O. and Mamie. 1C5; R.
Sprockets' MauilH. 14C. and Althomer. 1+4:
The Baywood Stud's Par-A-Cnat. 13$; T. J.
Cardan's Flcradors. 155.
Three-eighths <•:'.» nille— W. E. Pedley't Car
lotta. 1(3. and Qu*en Rucker. 1">5: R. and TV.
McCreerj's Sunset. 157. and Mamie. 1«3: R.
Spreckles' Fretful. 151. and Pegfcoine. 155; F.
J. Grace'* Maudie Swift. 1S5.
Wilt Knocks Augustine Out.
and Koster Wins From Joe
Stanley in a Tedious Go
Ilobert .Leighton. the Handi
capner, Strives to Equalize
Chances of Contestants
After Turbulent Times in
His Gymnasium on Thurs
day He Takes a Day Off
Phyz Takes the Second Eace
at 7 to 5, Beating Ont 3Ia
jor Hooker and Gray 3Iorn
SULLFVAX GETS VERDICT
( HAMPION SEEKS BEST
Third race — One and an eighth miles; four
vecr-olds and uaward; selllns:
CCZA ?Filie <!'Or fK-enyon) 96
<C332)*Mr. Fcrnura (McCalterty) ...... ..r.TjM
Second race — Futurity course; four-year-olds
anl upward; selling:
6SCC 'Flaneur (McCafferty) iOj
<tZ7>0>Captlv2t<« (Blanch! &>Co.) . ...1O«
(Kbo^Galanthus (Coffey) .110
tiS 12 'Alice Carey (Hone!!) s ,j
(GMUtltollIck «Jcne») ......113
(Cn»:)Matt Hoean (MagTane) no
(615<t)I2ard Burns < Judge). -. n:i
Fir*t race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling: ,
(OSj'AsseFsraent (Neal) . KX)
lX;s«; Impromptu (Palmer) 101
KJ7G Xllgar (Lelser) , . ;tu
CITS •Uaiidor <Fine) 100
t533S Carilee (ApnJeby) '.......... .Iff!
C358 Aljaretta (Murray) . 103
CM? 15i;ly Mure <Uector) .105
03ii7 r>e?cy (Miller) {OS
6305 'Benlasn (Jeuness) ...100
Hello: Wh'o is it? What? Wait till
you get your dope book. Well! who is
that talking? Heiny. Oh! yes. up in
the grocery store. What's the trouble?
Say. on der low up vat happeninged to
dot Meister Dinkle horse, in der fort
race? Did he got on dose free lunch
plates? Or vot you call it? Bar plates?
Or did he vair yoost saucers yet? Oh!
der yudges look out of dot race. Veil,
dot's all right den, so long as dere vas
investigationing it. I had a feefty cent
combination and Meister Dinkle put it
on der bum. All right. Good bye.
.The Thornton stakes at four miles,
which calls for endurance as well as
speed, will be the attraction at Oak
land this afternoon. At least five will
start. The clever handicap horse Ho
ratius with Powell up. will unquestion
ably be the favorite. Veterano Is a use
ful perfdYmer in heavy going and will
be piloted by Jack Martin. Mike Daly
will have a try for the rich prize with'
the three-year-old Sailor Knot, which
will be ridden by ,W. Daly. Rio Shan
non won this race last year and might
repeat. Jimmy Coffey said Buxton
would probably ride his horse. The
Way has not lived up to his Eastern
record, but might prove the surprise
to-day. A special boat will carry the
crowd home after the races.
KXTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Little Crosswaite piloted two winners.
Hoceo and Gateway. The latter was as
good as 12 to 1 in the betting, and
until the last race belonged to the
maiden class.
Jimmy Coffey's Galanthus retired the
favorite, Mimo. from business in the
fifth, one of the best betting events of
the afternoon. Besides the two horses
mentioned. Reeves, Molto, Muresca and
Whiskers were all accorded support.
Roach went out in front with the first
choice and stayed there as long as
possible. Less than a furlong from the
judges Roach was compelled to draw
his whip and Buxton beat him out
rather easily with the Coffey entry, a
7 to 1 shot in the ring. Vanderbout
came from behind with Colonel Van.
leading Reeves out for show honors.
Muresca lacked staying qualities.
Crosswaite rode his second winner of
the day when he placed Tommy Lot
tridge's maiden Gateway across the
line first in the concluding mile sell
ing run. Twelve to one could be ob
tained about the green one. which beat
the favc/rite Anirad out less than a
length. Hulford cut out the running
for seven furlongs, when he tired, fin
ishing third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Carelessness or overconndence on the
part of Mountain cost the black mare
Criss Cross the third race. Dell Foun
tain's Salto, the 9 to 10 favorite, did
not get away from the barrier any too
well, but worked his passage to the
front on the far turn. In the run home
Mountain, astride Criss Cross, went by
the favorite and at the end of j the
stand it looked shoes : to plates ' she
would land. But Mountain apparently
did not observe Crosswaite creeping up
on the inside with Hoceo and lost the
decision by a head. Five to one could
have been had about the winner. Dr.
Itowell's Harbor had many friends, but
the three-year-old retired early in the
struggle.
IIOCEO BY A HEAD.
Playing favorites was again a pre T
carious business, as Cassie W was the
one public choice to live up to expec
tations. The track, of course, being in
a muddy condition, left a loophole for
many excuses. The attendance was
good and betting brisk.
James Nealon's fillie Cassie W, a 2
to 1 favorite, captured the first event,
a five and a half furlong selling af
fair. Bonner had the leg up and, tak
ing matters quietly to the . stretch,
passed the tiring Dr. Sherman and
Amasa. winning easily by more than
a length. Dr. Sherman was as gooji
as 50 to 1 and took the place from
Amasa by a head. My Surprise showed
some speed, but failed 'to stay.-
Unless J. T. Sheehan mends his ways
and ceases indulging in so much rough
riding, he is apt to find himself* in
trouble before long. He had the mount
on Plrelia in the two-year-old dash
and, striking the stretch first, turned
wide, interfering badly with Knapp on
the favorite Saccharate and Escobosa,
the second choice. It worked the fa
vorite's downfall, for the filly was
downed a neck by J. Daly on Esco
bosa. Anaurus ran disappointingly.
There was nothing: unusual about
the sport at Oakland yesterday unless
if was the spectacular win of the mile
and fifty yard selling number by
Charley McCafferty's recent acquisi
tion, Idogo.
A* piper "virtuoso from Big Jim's
opium squad could scarcely figure the
brown gelding a chance on his preced
ing race, -.wheri\ he finished behind
Blackthorn, Decoy and Billy Moore.
Still, with' C. Smith replacing Bonner
in the saddle and 15 to l"in the betting
ring, h/s blazed a new path through
the heavy going and won, buck-jump
ing, from Rim Rock, another rusty
looking outsider, backed down from
20 to 12.- ..
For a time it looked as if it might
take a donkey engine, block and tackle
to haul In the- derelict 6 to. 5. favorite-
Mr. Dingle, but he eventually finished
In last position. ...
CASSIE \V SCOREJ?.
THREE FAVORITES LAND
WEIGHTS READJUSTED
New Woodward's Pavilion Is
Packed by a Throng That
Kisses Referee's Decision
The Latter Is Again Favorite
in, the Betting. Being His
Seventh Unsuccessful Start
Attractive Programme Is Ar
1 ranged for Second Day's
Racing of the Tiny Horses
Corbet! W ill Be a 7 to 10
Choice Until the Volume
of Money Changes the Odds
Thornton Four-Mile
Stake ToDay's
Attraction.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
ID0G0 BREEZES HOME IN THE LEAD
WITH BOOKS QUOTING FANCY PRICES
AMATEUR BOUTS
ARE WITNESSED
BY BIG CROWD
TANFORAN TRACK
TO RE-ECHO WITH
PONY HOOF BEATS
COLONEL BOGEY
LANDS IN FRONT
OF GOLDEN RULE
BETTORS ARE SHY
SENDING IT IN
ON THE FIGHT
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE PRIZE RING AND THE TENNIS COURTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, MARCH 19. 1904.
HAVANA, March 18 — A e«nelderabJ« num
ber of ffst'ff are rr.ipTat'np from Santo Do
minco to Eastern Cuba. _
The total number of available men
capsble of bearing arms In the United
States is 10,853,396.
"A steam plant has just been shipped
from Philadelphia to China to operate
a woolen mill.
J. Phelps. a private in Company A,
Tenth Infantry, was arrested last
night and charged with assault with a
deadly weapon. As the. result of a
saloon brawl between Fred Roily and
the soldier Roily was stabbed on the
face and head. He will recover.
Fml Roily Stabbed by Soldier.
I. Matsuma and E. Iwamur?, Japan
ese, were stabbed last evening by Kat
rurni Kobashi at 12 St. Marys alley.
Kobashi owes money to Iwamure, who
asked him tr* pay him last night. Ko
bashi drew a dagger and made an at
tempt on his creditor'* life and had
it not been for the timely assistance
of the Jatter's brother and friends he
would have been killed. As it was
Matsuma and Iwamure were slashed.
The Injured men were treated at the
Emergency Hospital and Patrolmen
Lyeett and Mills arrested Kobashi on
a charge of attempt to commit mur
<Jer. *
Japanese SLuJics Conntrynieii.
11- . • - -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1904.
12
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Conllnned.^
A^5400oTcORNER* raloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by own-
ers for years; fullest investigation solicited.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A — $3000; GR1LJ. rocm and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a first-class paying business;
other Investments only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
¦ , ¦ ¦ — Nr
A— $1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by-
present owner 17 years; bakes 4*»j barrels
per day: dally sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26t6 Kearny St.*
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton st». ;
•large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight: a splendid offer. See R. i
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. I
A — $500: BRANCH baltery and candy store, ,
with llvins rooms; daily receipts about $10;
, choict-st location In th» Mission. See R. Q. I
WILKE. 2<»V. Kearny et. j
A— $2200; Saloon, with lease; estab. years; j
vicinity of Fourth st., Market and Stockton; j
place speaks for itself; all particulars. IX. I
O. WILKE. 2C>4 Kearoy st. •
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 16 fur- |
nished rooms; 0 years' lease; rent $65; a |
business where . man and wife can easily ]
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G. •
WILKE. 26ft Kearny st. ' I
A— $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary .
et.; rent 140; lea««;3 horses, $ wagons; busl- j
ness eetab. years; investigate at once; a rare !
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny et. j
A — $16G0: COR. saloon irith 4 rooms and bath; |
rent $50; lease; a first-class paying place in ;
choicest location; $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE. 26% Hearny st.
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
penses about/ $5 per day; will sell or trade
for lodging-house. See R. G. WIIiKE. 20%
Kearny st. . ' ' '.
A — $1200; COFFEE" saloon and bakery In
choicest location; rent $30; dally receipts
about $70; a good businees, but , alckneas of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar- !
ket and Stockton Ets.; rent $75; a splendid i
location and rare business cnance. !=eo 'H. I
G. WILKE. 2*5% Ko.arny st.
A— $2200; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.;
no opposition; in thriving country town about j
75 miles from this elty; a rare chance. For '
particulars »ge R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 50x100;
house of 4 rooms. 2- stories; 2" horses, wagon,
etc.: price $3600; not all cash required; a
good business. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et. _^___
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & OCX Phone~SouthTo50. .
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for roomlc^-houdes, hotels and
ail kinds of business chances.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $600 per month; must
sell on account other business; only with us.
9-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $lS00; a bargain; sick-
ness. ' a
50 rooms; elegantly furnished; fine location;
close In; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to $250 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
¦on It asked; chance of a lifetime.
00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called
Bast.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture, Ax-
minster caneta; fine location; clears $S0; fine
buy.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
28 rooms; oak fur.; velvet carpets; close In; I
can be run as boardlng-hduse If desired ; $1800.
1C2 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ins 1400 i>er month; 5-year lease; part caah.
balance $8 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $85; well furnished; all new;
$600 down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms; rent only J90; north Market; all
full; clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms: new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel In city; all full and clearing $no
to $»300 per month: books; open for inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
i carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel: beautiful furnishings;
cVearlng $600 per month: every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
£0 rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house In city; electric elevator: well fur-
nished; guaranteed . to clear $400 to $500 per
month; books open for Inspection: everything
In first-class chape; on account other business.
SO rooms: rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in; fine meney-maker.
220 rooms: ''new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luuriously furnished^ 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand rew building; clear-
lnr $400 to J600 per month; oUiged to leava
city. ;
II rooms: rent $40; close In: oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms; rent only $35: well located hotel
south of Miirket: fine bar; well stocked; br!ck
building; electric llehts: everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time: price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
8-room upper flat: corner: all sunny rooms:
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
! 126 rooms: fine downtown corner house: prl-
] vate baths: beautiful furniture: 2 entrances:
; takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides j
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms: corner: rent only fS5: oak fur.:
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600.
50 rooms: new; modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheun rent: clearing $250 to $300;
very central: first-class proposition.
71 rooms: elegant, new, modern building; It.
one of the- best cities In Southern California;
electric lights: hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 9-year lease: rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms: well furnished: first-class tran-
sient house: 2 blocks off Market: 5-year lease;
clearing over $100: good buy for some one.
31 room*: rent $110: all light rooms: clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $800
to get In; must leaveclty at once: price $1300.
108 rooms: cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date- apartment-house; hnsf
fine bar: enn be run In conjunction if desired-
rare chance for right parties; pnr>- cash, bnl-
ance can be paid out of house: other business
Interests demand t Immediate departure.
126 rooms; r»nt only ?4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men: electric elevator,
llEhts: long lease: clears ?t00 to ?5Q0 per
month: one of the best buys in the city.
MITCHELL * CO Phoce Jessie 2931
' 1206 Market st., opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange; price $650.
C5 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly: handsomely, furnished.
26 rms.: choice corner roomlng-house:.unex-
celled fcr transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms: well appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must sell: make offer.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
100 ROOMS, sunny corner, rent $125.... $4500
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110. . 2600
46 rooms, Mleslon warm belt, rent $65. 2250
20 rooms, summer resort, rent $400 yr. . 550
14 rooms, fine location, rent low. ...... 700
Hotels and summer resorts. ¦ j-
KITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
TOR : sale cheap — 10. . 12 ' or ' 22 room lodging-
house; good location. Call 118. Jones st.,
bet ween. 1 and 3. , ¦
SUTTER, 14 large, light, corner rooms;. nicely
furnished: all rented: bargain hunters, ex-
amlnethis. Owner..209 Kcarny.st.y room 1.
FOR sale — Rooming-house.' 50 rooms, near Call
building. $7000. Box 4472. Call. ,
18 ROOMS; rent $70; long lease; furnished new;
Clears S60. Call at £56 Ellla it
LODGIXC. MOUSnS I--QH SALE— Con.^
CENTRALLY located corner house: 54 rooms;
nicely furnished; rent ?225; long leaae; must
be sold. WILSON. 400 Taylor at.
HOUSE of 30 rooms; rent $50; price $600. Call
_111G Mission st. '• '
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
' of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Oivn until 11 p. an. -
dentists;
DR. LUDLUm'"h"ill, "u*i Market, nr Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 00c; gas given.;
A NEW plate— Tho Whalebone— cannot . break;
v warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50;. '.fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set- all' work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. snirEeon-dentrst.r.U.lat
t'loor, Phelan bid.. SOU Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1S41 Polk st.
GOLD fillings -75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
. pain; open Sundays! Dr.O.B.Hewftt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 25c.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; double
stamps pn. dregs' linings. 'Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Fattf rns cut to measure; eve. class.-. 1010 Mkt.
" . . CUBES BTJPTTOE. '-,--¦¦
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market St.: $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire WeaU New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough,' inspiring
• instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
025 Golden Gate ave. ..
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; established IS- years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 23
•new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER fcnd better s-chool than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S..F. Business
College. 1236 Market Et.
STAMMERERS tauzht to talk; no drawl,
singfong or motions. Call or write Naturat
Speech Academy, 1030 East Twenty-eighth
St., "Los Angeles. Cal.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.:
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
| School cf Dancing, 1556 Market, nr.- Larkin. '
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
] advice of . official court reporters and be com-
i .: petent stenographers. • 1382 Market; catalog.
¦ WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith.,
spelling, writinE, etc.: flay eve. ; Si mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electrlclty, 24 Post
• St., : S. . F. ; a practical school of engineering;
> complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
- . dancing; established 20 years. . 1412 ; Polk st.. 1
~ bet. ; Pine and California; classes now. open.
SPANISH— A practical and progressive meth-'
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California, r.4.
EDIC ATIONAI, Continued.
THEJ.>yceu*i, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. PregldVnt Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phclan bldg.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min., mech., sur-
vey. assay, cyanide: day. ev.: est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 11.1 Fulton.. nr. City Hall.
EANJO. mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. J3 per mo.;
mandolin club SI per mo. $28 Haight st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons, 2.1c half hour. MRS. PECK
experienced teacher. . 1013 Mission, nr. Sixlh.
SPANISH.French.etc. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of language,320 Post;estab'U1871;ablest profs.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. «ent to any address in th»
Lnlted States or Canada orve year for tl.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings dally. 51; de-
veloping class Thursday S p. m. 502 Eddy st.
A MATERIALIZING seance Sunday, S and 8
p. m. 328 Ellla St.; SOc.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052~Ellls. readings dally,
0:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
MME. LUCRET1A. spirit medium; hours 10 to
¦ B; circles every evening. 14S 6th st., room 1.
ELISBBRAUN. renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 8S6 Bush.
PROF. FRED EVAN8. noted clairvoyant and
elate- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
A WEEK'S news f.or 5 cents— The "Weekly Call
; 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
/
JOEN 3D. SPEECKELE, Proprietor.
'f tfrcs aaaaalaiisM to 1053 KcKAO&HT. Egagr
W. J. MAP.TIN Easiness Manager
TELETHON E.
A«k for THE CALL. The Operator •Will Con-
nect Tou With tbe Department You ¦Wlsb-
rublication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial P.oom 217 to 221 Stevenson «•
Delivered by Carriers 20 Cts. Per Week. 78
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 , c '° t8 i., fh
Terms by Mail. Including Posttasa tt-ai-n w«"
Order) : __ .y,
DAILY CALL «nclvd. Sunday). 1 yeer...$JJJ"
DAILY CALL <inc!ud. Suniay). « mos..-- *™
DAILY CALL— By Single Month „•?":
STTfDAY CALL 1 Year - *"
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year ...^..^^.^
POSTAGE. \ weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTKK3 ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Earnple Copies will be lor warded whe.n re-
quested. . .
»£ail rabecribers In orderlr* charge of ad-
drew ehould be particular to give both M^w
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to tnsuro a
prompt asd correct compliance with tieir re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
U1S Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
SliS Ces'.rr Street Telephone Norta 77
WASHINGTON "^CORRESPONDENT:
«AiTUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
JCETW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A- Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hi'.l Hotel; Flfu»-aTe-
nue Hotel and Hoffmaa House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Korthem Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Hous*.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGXESS-.Msrqcetta Building
<Loog Distance Telephone. "Central 2C19. )
SEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
BTEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO.N Herald Squara
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, coraer Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; opea until
11 P. m.
£27 Mcntgcmery street, corner Clay; open
ustil 9:30 p ra.
CtX> Hayes rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3T* McAilister street; open until 9:30 p. m,
€15 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1041 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
f2Cl Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
ustll & p. in.
l<w. Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
3C?<; Valencia street; open until 3 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. n».
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
?2P0 Fil'.rnore street; open until 9 p. ra.
MEKT1>G XOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge N r r>. 30. P. and «
A. M.— irailed meeting THIS tEAT-*V\rT
URDAY> AFTERNOON at I:o0/V\
o'clock. Second Degree. By order of
W. M. EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC L/>dge No. I'd. F. and A. M.. m
Will rre^t Till:? EVENING at 7 >f\f
o'clock. Third degree. /V>
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. 109, F. and A. M. «
Officers and rr.err.b^rs are hereby notl- v\f
tied to assemble at the hall of this /^f\
loc"£e at 11:30 o'clock THIS (SAT-
URDAY) MORNING to attend the funeral
of our deceased brother. JAMES KELTEY
KENNEDY. By order of the W. M.
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C9. F. and A. m! m
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) W
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Serond De- /V\
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the HCTCHINSON SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY •will be held at
the office of the company. No. 327 Market
*».reet <room 4. second floor). In the city
and county of San Francisco, ¦State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, the 221 day of March.
A. D.. 1&04. at the hcur of 11 o'clock a. m.,
Jcr the purpose of electing a Board of Di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year, and
fcr the transaction cf such other business
ti may properly come before the meeting.
Transfer bocks will close en FRIDAY,
March 1L 1904. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Com-
pary, 227 Market street. San Francisco,
California.
tan Francisco. Cal.. Msrch 8. 1904.
ANNUAL meeting — The annual meeting <-<f the
stockholders of the WESTERN SUGAR
REFINING COMPANY will be held
at the office <A the company. No.
227 Market et.. Sen Francisco. California,
en MONDAY, the 2Sth day of March. 1901. at
the ho"ir of 12 m.. lor the purpose of elect-
ing • board of directors to serve fcr the
ensu.ng year, and the transairtion of such
ether business as may ccrr.e before the meet-
lr.e. Transfer books will close on Friday,
March IS. 1304. at 12 m. W. H. HANNAM.
F€cretary-
THE California Debrte Commission having re-
ceived application to min«> by haudraul'.e
rroct-ss frcm F. M. Conn and S. G. Simpson
in Emigrant Hi!i placer mi.-.tng claim n*sr
Ou!nry. Plurr.as County. Cal.. draining Into
£par;:rri Creek, which reaches Feather River.
giv»ii notice that m<Ktlnc will b» held at
r~-«n '-Hi riord building. San Francisco. Cal..
Mai-h r*. 10f4. lit 1 :?.<", n. m. -
AGENTS UAXTEDi
KIRST-CLASS rrorositlorTto w« if -"acquainted"
enerretie acents of both sr:cs. Apply 8 to
ir» b m.. 72'» Emma Ppreckrls building.
AGENCIES for every city of the Union for the
Marquis Hair Trr.ic Co.; liberal terms. 41 1
Pet fi.. Son Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— First-class life !n;=Jrance solicitor
salary 5100 per month and commission*.
402 Parrott bMg.
AOVT2BTXSEMEITT VJ H.VV1.3O.
HAVING recently acquired tlirr.ugh~cxcha.rTce
of rroperty thr«"«f40s:h.-l£rFhlps in the test
College cf Advert isinc in the United Stat. «
I nil; s»ll t*<»m at 25 «*>r rrrt discount for
cafh: th« rollcsre teach'-s advertising writ-
ing by correspr.ndrnc* and assists its grad-
uates to s«ctrre r^ritid.ns: r-ataloevs fw^
ri*r.~1 nr aiT.limti'-n. A'lrtross hoy 3026. Call.
ATTOnXEYS-AT-LAW^
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a "emaiTrVe
Eee rce and «ave money; no pay in advance.
_° JS&HpW*. ATTORN JCY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.: rrrs. 1. 2. .1 4 & 5 1st fl
J1C2 Market rt.. between Mascri and Taylor'
Acvic-e fr<« ell matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-La^T ErTmTlde:*.
r»h floor, entrance room (ill; established 20
jrars; all cases, general court and office prac-
t!f»; nc fee in advance or for consultation-
ev«-t:lr.gs tiy appointment. Tel. Red 30C1.
DIVORCE— CoKts. Si 2: "advlc^
free: open eveningg. 927 Market ct.. rra. 301.
L I-. CLARK. 1C7 Market «t.; consultation
;rf*; no W-* in advance; open evenings.
WHEN you b»com« diegurted with your~work~
*»nd for SPACLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. 8W-3S7 Tehatna «t.; tel. South 40.
V.ESTITRN Carpet Cleaning Work*. 1WJ Har-
risnr St.; Al cleaning; 3c. T<?1. MlErion 220.
CONKLIN'S Supericr Carpet-beating WotTv
S33 Golden Gate av*>_; telephone East J2<5. '
HOPKE BROS.: excelUnt csirpe7~beat!ng: mat-
tresses mad* crer. J433 Honrard.-tel.South 21*.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Suiter rt ¦
tel. Main S94. CEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prlces-
reatonable. 1703 Harrison i-t. ; tel. Mission 263.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections" madel
rity or country. Pacific Collection Co 415
Montgomery roorr.s 8-10: tel. Main SSSO.
COTTACi^SKrOrl SALE.
A NICELY furnished rottage. 4 rooms, fcr
eaJe. cheap; rent of cottage reasonable 1120
Clay rt.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED to rent — Furnished or unfurrtlVh#d
cottage 4 rooms; plenty ground f.-u- chicken
raising: within oounty; ««tate particulars; near
car line. SAMUEL. 407 O'Farrell et.
CLOTErgG EZgOTATIgQ.
BUTTS cleaned and pressed, SI; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 EllJs St.. room 14;
«hooe Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—' STRANGERS. ATTENTi6n\ "
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
! business opening in San Francisco? If bo.
i we 1 an cfiVr you any number requiring an
Investment from flOO to $50.CflO; every busi-
ness oi»pcrtur.ity that passes through our
ofnoa ir:;jst ytnnd the closest investigation,
and we ear. place you in a store, factory,
hotel, ia!i!, oifice, or, in fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION'. ? .
Do you wish to er.Iarxe your business, or do
j you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnith you with an active cr silent partner
! who v.-lll invest from $100 to $50,000; we
Jiave a iarre number of desirable applicants
on our t>oOks seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 'JZ! Market st.
A— ?10O REWARD
¦Will b« paid for legal proof showing that any
person «ver Iom a dollar who invested any
money, through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital Ftock. fW.OOO.
027 Market st., rooms 321, 322, 323, 324.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest f&OO in a
hlgh-oLass real estcte office and fill position
of cashier: experience not aecessary: invest-
ment secured and $20 weakly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; nicely furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; larg» din-
ing-room, with 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs: the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest" linen, best silver service;
10 years' laase; price $10,000; easy term*.
A SAKE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure Interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and Investment company: flJiO monthly as-
sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVKST. CO.. 927 Market at. .
A — 2 PBH CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rlch-ouick" swindle or gambling scheme, but >
a rerutable buslner.3 e*tah. 3 years in S. F.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 92/ Market st.
THE BKST INVESTMENT.
100 eharen of uoid stock of the Norton Bay ,
Co SilS; will be worth ?200 by August. 1UO1. >
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market at.
A— TAILORING AND HABERDASHERT.
A first-class tailor or gentleman familiar
with gents' furalshlr.s goods can secure a
partnership in one of the leading stores In
San Francisco: about $S0CO cash required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— BARBER SHOP.
For sale. 4-ehair Ehor: centrally located and
good, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of immediate ?als.
QEBSIANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market sL
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with SiOOO cash to take interest
In stable established 10 years; $100 monthly.
GERMANIA INVKST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A— WHOLESALE V.'HISKY HOUSE.
Being aUo importers and distillers and es-
tablished in £an Francisco thirty years, de-
t'.rt an additional partner with $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— LK1HT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
Partner wanted with $2000 cash In manu-
facture of hieh-ffrade gas and electrical fix-
tures and latest irr.proved'mantles.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— CANDY. CANDY, CANDY.
For sale, store and factory; wholesale and
retail: situated in the heart of city and es-
tablished about 25 years; low rent; long
Wso; price ffiOOO: easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A.— HARDWARE STOKE
For sale: a high-class business; long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire: will invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. »27 Market St.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership in established business in
this city and take charge or store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 1>27 Market st.
A— HEAVY MANUFACTURING BUSINESS
For sale; a complete plant for the sale and
manufacture of CARRIAGE and WAGON
MATERIAL: estab. 15 years; also work and
repair *hop: sell at Invoice about $12,000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and Ice cream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to S2CXK)
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $100 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $30") to $1000
Drug stores ¦ $2000 to $€000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for drugcist or
doctor; well-equipped drug store: gi>o<l fix-
tures, counters and showcase; businees al-
ready established ; with 6 rooms and bath
In rear; elegantly furnished throughout;
everything complete for hous«»k<v>ping of beet
quality. CAMERON * CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale cr trade — Quartz mines: fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
fcr r'mg- house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store: all equip-
ment for making own candies; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month: will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear, investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy. st.
j FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located: clearing $300 per month: first-class
proposition; will Ktand strict Investigation;
price $*>000. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
| $200 — FINE paying office and established com-
mission business; clearing $100 monthly.
1007 !i Market St., rocm 1.
SUMMER resort; finest climate; big payer;
complete; near city: sickness; Investigate.
1007 *£ Market j»t., rftom 1. %
$3E0— PARTNER wanted In established com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly; will
give bar.k reference?; experience not re-
quired; grand opportunity. 1007',4 Market, r.l.
DELICACY, store: Lnrkinst.; well patronized;
price f?T>5Q. Apjily 209 Kearny st.. room 1.
PARTNER with $250 for fine paying offlce
bu sirens ; no exj>eri«-nce necessary: ?7i» mo.;
eteady man wanted. 209 Kearny st., room 1.
: $50 CAPITAL entitles you to S12 weekly guar-
: ciitec-d, without services. Call or write 209
Kearny st.. near Sutter. room 11.
A PARTY r.Ith small capital to take interest
> in three mining claims, in Council District,
AIask;i, hflp work property; rich paj-lng
claims on all sides: big returns; meet owner
here. C. C. SMITH. 26 Montgomery, room 5.
! FOR fslo— A large, well paying bakery, with
¦ large rake trade end 5 to C barrels of bread;
I • lafpjt improved wagons and 0 good horses;
i only a short distance from city. Inquire M.
P. DETELS. 218 California Et.
j AN exceptional opportunity; old established
commist-ion and brokerage business; whole-
sale district; largo lifts of shippers and buy-
_en>. Particulars BROOKnANK, 917 Market.
j FOR sale — Grocery nr.d bar; if you wish to se-
I • cure a nice little home, with a fair business
; «-ornbln«i and wii»h to take Hfe easy; price
! $700. Call at 368 Eleventh St.
WANTED — A competent co-worker and stock-
holder In a close corporation: well estab-
lished and big dividend paying wine com-
pany. Addr*** W; C, bos 520, Sacramento.
j DELICATESSEN store, with home cooking; 25
steady . boarder*; large dining and 2 living
; rooms; rent $20. Call at 410 Ninth st. •
I FOR . sale— Corner saloon: wholesale district;
I first -class location. Inquire HILBERT MER-
JCANT1LE CO.. 213 Market st.
Al INVESTMENT, with or without services;
corporation now doing business; large divi-
dends assured. Box 43fi2. Call offlce.
CIGAR stand for sale; cor. Battery and Clay
str.; on account, of sickness in family must
be sold In IS days.
y ?475— ERANCH bakery, delicatessen, notion
?tor» : north Market; living rooms. 783% Mkt.
SALOON— Corner: J30OO: best business street
in city: near Market st. Box 4410. Call.
j $250— BRANCH bakery and restaurant; $25-
water free. 414 Jones st.
j $650— FINE cigar stand; cheap rent; lease.
j Opposite Transport, East and Folsom sts.
I $250— RESTAURANT: 3 living rooms; rent
j $14; good reasons for selling. 602 Sixth st.
1 ROUTE on Call. Apply at office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
. t'.cn of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. _^
, C8EDIT CI.OTgIEB3. ~~~
C. F. ADAMS CO. T- "~
'SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe -the whole family from hats to
shoes;, everything up to date at cash Drlces
Credit for all. SIS Mason et;
PROFESSOR ALBERT C VTCTOB,
Tha famous
PAI.MIST AMD CLAIRVOYANT.
Ep«cial Reduction for Ona Week.
___^__ ' . - ,.
- $1— Hl« $5 RMdinff for $1.
Fre» Test! Free Test! Fr*» Testt
A Free Teat to All Who Coma Presarcd to
Have a Readinz.
'Without askloc a question ha t-tls 70a your
name, your mother's maiden name, tha name
of the one you love, tells you your aga and
what you called for. without askln? a glngla
Question.
THERE 13 SO AFFAIR of losportaafe —
past, present or future— but what Professor
1 Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. He will
point out the war that will lead to success m
business, speculations. Investments, love, court-
ship, matrimony, divorce or anything you may
be In trouble about.
UnlUct Impostors and preteadsrs. Professor
Victor takes no money la advance and posi-
tively refuses to accept any fea If you ara not
entirely satisfied. All- business strictly con-
fidential. Hours from 9 a. m> to 8 p. m» daily
and Sunday. 700 Post it.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at one* aad ¦*?» H.
His former $3 readlnn this waek tor
•1. 11. fl. fl. fl. fl. fl. fl. fl.fl.
NO CHARGES NO CHAKGS
Unless, you obtain tiia Information tor wfcich
Tou consult bin).
(Tou te be full Ju&re.)
PAUL DEST1N 15.
Til* first raclstered tranoa clalryovmat aa4
Palmist »r«r In Saa Fraaclsax
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly asree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your nama,
occupation and what you 'called for: I proa.
Ue to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hope.
fear or ambition better than you can tall
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite tb*
separated, cause happy man-lag-, make you
successful In Hfe, cure disease and lost vital.
tty, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and buriea treasures and Insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. : Sundays, 2 to 9.
826 — O'Farrell st. — 328.
ISilAR, tha Egyptian syp?y, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
«t., cor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to S p. m. ; readings by mall as satlsfac.
tory &* in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. Si; send lock of hair, data of year
of birth; don't send currency: send postoffle*.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — MME. REVAXXA, formerly 8 Fourth st..
reads life; business advice; names given;
readings SOc one week. Offices, 805 Howard
et.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
A— Miss M. Wille. 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a que*.
tlon; names given; special, fl; hours 10 to 4.
MISS ZEMDAR. youog. glftad. clair. & palm. :
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestlo
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. SOc; G.. |1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ava.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your Ufa correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life: satl3fac>
tlon guaranteed; 23c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MRS. A. H. KROMEXBERG. palmist, clalr-
voyant, card reader: when oth«rs faU try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant. 017 Market, rooms
11-12; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-9.
MR3. LESTKR, MSI Mission; Hfe reader, busi-
ne?s medium; read, dally; dr. to-night. 10c
MRS. BROWS, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23H 6th; 1. 25o, g. 50a.
THEO. clairvoyant card reader: ladles SOc,
gents $1; hours 11 to 9. Room 19, 763 Mkt.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
ZdV, Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; gents. 50c.
MRS. BAL'MA.VN". the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tlrgs daily. 443*4 JesMe at., bet, gth and 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.: teL Bush 133^
Japanese-Chinese employment offlca; fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japaaese-
Chlnese help. 428 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
SCAJTDIXAVIAX Female Employment Bureau,
5O4 Kearny st.. room 3; phone Black 445S.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411VJ OTarrell; tel. Ea3t 42B.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office: Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese -Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all klnd3 help. S15 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BP.ADLEY & CO.. ftlO Clay.
E3IPLOYMENT WAJiTED FEMALE.
SUPERIOR German second Ctrl, best of ref-
erences. wish»!» situation. Sea J. F. CRO3-
ETT & CO.. 331 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED stenosraprier and office lady
desires position; best of references. Box
440.S. Call office.
AN experienced and partly trained nurse wtll
care for invalid; $35 per month. Box 43C5.
Call office.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by tha day;
first-class laundress, also cleaning; best of
ref erf nee. 1S27 Valleio st.
AMERICAN woman wishes working- house-
keeper's position or cook for men; neat, goo.i
cook: city or country- MR9. M.. 2C« Eddy.
GERMAN girl wants position for light work
In the afternocn; taking care of children
preferred. 1TO9 Market st., box 34.
A DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by tha
day. fl SO. 12a9 Bush St.
FRENCH Birl wishes work by the day. waah-
ir.s or house-cleaning. 134^ 7th ave. south.
GIRL wishes a position for general housework
and wishes tr> have from 1 to 5 In the after,
noon every day. Please call in the morning.
2490 Market «t. . - 7
PPOFESSIONAL French cook, by day or oth-
erwlse; full charge cf dinners, receptions,
mark^tlrs anywh»r«: also cooking lessons
given. Box 4 1 IS. Call office.
A NEAT, respectable middle-aged woman de-
sires work a few hours dally or assist with
light housework in small private family. Ad-
dress MRS. L.. 153VJ Fifth st.
A RESPECTABLE woman ¦ desires a position
to do housev/ork: city or country; references.
Box 4444. Call office.
LADY of middle age: experienced In resorts
or sanatoriums. social or business manage-
ment: country preferred. But 443O. Call.
AN experienced and partly trained nursa will
cara for Invalid: f35 per month. Box 4383.
Call office.
REFINED lady desires position as housekeeper
In mountains or country. Address box 1077.
Call office. Oakland.
POSITION -waited by trained nursa In doctor's
office; best ct credentials; 10 years' expaf»>
ence. Box 4372. Call.
A COMPETENT cook would like a situation.
912 Pnrk st.. Alameda.
A LADY piar.Ist wishes position. Address
box 4450. Call office.
DRESSMAKER. 3 yesn»" experience, would
like to work out by the day. 1615 O'Farrell.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ad« and subsections taken for Tha
Call at Eaton' a Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
mmmm^~ *"^^ —^ __ __ mmm^ mmm _ . .^^
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— M.VLE.
MASSEUR or .bath-ruhb«»r. age 22. of good
appearance, best of reference, wanti a posi-
tion. Address YOKEL. 2H Third st.
YOUNG French couple, of good education. <1~-
slre employment: private famllyi wife to «lo
housework or cooklne. husband to car* for
horses, drive and general work. FELJX
GRIMAUD. C33 Broadway.
RELIABLE bookkeeper and collector, good pen-
man, desires position in an establishment
where faithful service would be appreciated;
at present er gaged; beat of references. Box
4166. Call office.
YOUNG man. honest, sober and industrious,
wt'h's position of any kind. JOHN HUME,
547 Hayes st.
MAN and wife want work on ranch; wife cook
and housework, man understands all kirvti
of work: best of references. Box 44<M>. Call.
BOY wants position as messenger in wholc-
sale house; bright and active. Box 4440. Cail.
TEMPERANCE bartender .wlshe* poeition;
city or country. Box 4159, Call.
'%'¦ -*-"*- A LONG fTLT WANT 15 SHORTLY SUPPLIED
FREE to Want Advertisers in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Ihe Gem JNail (Jiddcf
1 Xlv VJWJ.1A 1 iMll vJ&Ajh/ |/w*
KEEPS THE NAILS IN SPLENDID TRIM.
The "Care of the Nails" is a subject m which every one should be interested, for it is rightly
taken as an open index of good breeding and character. Laxity in the care of the nails Indicates
slovenliness. Perfect grooming of the nails is often an important element in a favorable decision
when applying for a business position. -; 'Li V t. u u-
A simple manicuring should be given the nails at least once a week. The cuticle should be
pushed back with a flat pointed, (oar-shaped) orange stick. Soak the nails :n a bowl of warm,
soapy water for five minutes. Then cut the nails the proper shape, being careful to remove all hang- . .
nails. File carefully and rub in some cold cream or vaseline; this will prevent bnttleness. Re-
move it with a cloth and apply some manicure powder; rub briskly with a chamois polisher,
too high a polish is considered bad form. / ->V '* • C : . u
' The almond shaping is preferred; oval at the delicate finger-tips and short at the sides.
This cutting and shaping of the nails can be perfectly done with The Gem Nail Clipper,-a complete
manicure set. For sale everywhere at 25c. • . ,
t— INSTRUCTIONS HOW TO USE^—
fiFM NATT HIPPER 'tk I
v
To use the Clipper press 'down firmly on the lever and release the lock by turning the
star. In using the Clipper always keep the lower jaw against the end of the finger, and, by sim-
ply changing the angle of presentation, cut the nail short or trim as desired.
"The Gem" Nail Clipper
. TRIMS THE NAES ANY DESIRED LENGTH AND SIZE
1 1 j . •
Perfect for Removing Hangnails.
The Gem Nail Clipper is made from a high grade of tool steel, neatly finished in nickel;
is less than two inches in length, and has no sharp corners to wear the pocket. The jaws are
hardened and ground accurately. With proper care one will last several years.
After practical and thorough tests, made by disinterested parties, it has been demonstrated
that "The Gem" is the best Clipper upon the market. (
POINTS FOR ATTENTION
We Invite Your Careful Attention to the Following Facts Relative to 4 *The GemT Nail dipper:
FIRST — It is made from a high grade of tool steel and its jaws are hardened, tempered
and ground. V/ith ordinary care one will last for years.
SECOND— Haying two cutting jaws, actuated by a powerful leverage similar to the or-
dinary cutting plyer, it makes a good clean cut and does not tear or pull.
THIRD— The j jaws are so constructed that one may trim the nail to any desired length or
shape. »
FOURTH — It is a perfect tool for removing hangnails.
FIFTH— It cuts, cleans and files. •
SIXTH — It is just the thing for both fingers and toes.
SEVENTH — It is about two inches in .length, and when closed has no sharp corners to wear
I the pockets.
¦ EIGHTH — It is a practical manicure.
This offer remains open Thursday, Friday and until II p. m. Saturday evening,
after •vfhich hour it will be absolutely impossible to st cure one of these useful Nail Clips.
ONE OF THESE GIFTS CAN BE SECURED BY PLACING A WANT
AD IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, AND IN NO OTHER WAY CAN /
ONE BE OBTAINED. |
TELL YOUR WANTS
•* IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL .*
And you will be speaking direct to OVER 35,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising: medium.
It is safe to figure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom are home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of oar
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares.
Bring in your Want- Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sun-
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
' BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Markat-and Third streets:
open until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH. OFFICES:
• 1003 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:38 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1 > 1341 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until t p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. ¦;¦ > '
1CD6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
§ Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p.m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
IS ti. K K. ltd u Ca X UrrKyli!
214S Center Street...... Telephone North 77
ALAMBDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store .* Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19. 1904.
13
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
200 NEW White sewing machines, for rent at
$2 c«r month. Why not rent the best?
WJaite Sewing Machine Co.. 30© Post st. and
1841 Fllimcre st.
50 NEW White sewlnr machine*, slightly shop
worn, «t half price or les* at 300 Port »t
and 1S41 FUlmore it.
DOMESTIC— Th« m-irthTe fcr family usei
best la cheapest: second-hand all mak-n at
any price: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domeotie office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $.% $5. $S: an BtyU«: guaranteed. New
Home Srwlnr M-o-M-^ ft-. . inai Market st.
SPECIAL. NOTICES. ~
LADIES, send your address to 1126 Market St..
8. F.. valuable Infonrmtlon: room 2.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES tn EAR3
positively cured; new methods: 1 w#«k's treat-
ment fr»e. Dr. Cottlnjfham. VH Sntter st.
STORAfiE .»D WAREHOCSE3.
A— r.MPORIUM Storage A Van~Cto.T furnltur«I
household rood* stored, moved, shipped. T25>
731 Howard st. ur. Third; phone Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
ttce Post and Powell sts.: t«L Prtv. Ea. 57L
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and me-rehan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; Phone East 12«.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made <4f>
Mission st.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfu-w.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Mo-'ic Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; pho.-.e Jackson 2~t.
BEKINS Van an-1 Storage O>.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1S4O Shlpplmr at cut rates.
STUTTERING AND SfTAMMERING.
THE MELBOURNE SriJOOL for the ran of
stuttering and stammering, comer Van Ne»j
ave. and Market St.. S. F.. has lv»n esrab-
Ush»d In this city for 3 years and shall con-
tinue, for it is founded on true merit and haa
the commendation °f reputable physicians
everywhere-. It teaches a superior system
and challenges results. No whole?ale class
work, but 6 hours' individual teaching daily,
reducing nervous obstruction to speech and
leading to thorough control. Within reach
of alL Business hours. 1 to 5 p. m.
TYPEWRITERS' ASDJUPHJES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith PTem'.er. $23; other typewriter* at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50k «Th«
Typewriting Exchange. 538 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars cfLiM. ALEXANDER. 110 Moot,
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 509 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market St.. opposite Third —
For the half year ending 31st of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared, at ta*
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1D04. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for subsUtence supplies— Offlca
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal..
Man-h 0. 13O4. — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco. Cal., as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Saturday. March 20, 19O». and opened
Immediately thereafter. In presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general Instructions t.»
blddirs and blank forms of proposals will bo
furnished to established dealers on appllca-
tlon to C. R. KRATTTHOFF. Maj. Com'y.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licences were- Issued
yesterday:
Charles Jos?. 32. 1014 Mascn street, aod Ltna
Schmidt IS, 57 Springdale street.
Lafayette F. Stradling. 2S>, 1022 Ellis str-et.
and -Jessie Hughes. 26. 1022 Ellis street.
August L. Penults. 24. 214 Austin avenue,
and Viola Allen. IS. 46 Ivy avenue.
Petfr Lynaurh. 30. 1338 "^ Alabama street,
and Kate K*lly. 27. 1338S Alabama street.
John H. Eckhoff. 24, 384 Fourth »tre-et, and
Emma Nelson. 27. city.
Frederick A. Liebenberg. 23, 132S PoiEt Lo-
bes avenue, and Victoria V. Wlaniewski. 2*J.
city.
EIRtHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH3L
Birth, marrlare and death notice* sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must b* hande.1
in at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with the- name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are publishied once in this column
free of charge.
BORX.
CUVER— In this city. March 17. 1004. to th»
wife of Charlea II. Cllver. a daughter.
DAVIS — In Durasgo. Mexico. March 16. 19O4.
to the wife of Arthur E. Davis, a son.
FT'RNANZ — In this 'city. March 4. 1304. t»
the wife of Joseph M. Furnana, a daughter.
McKAY—In this city, at the Potrero, March T.
l'JO4, to th- wife of Thomas McKay, a
daughter.
MARRIED.
LANGHANS — JOHNSON— In this ctly, Marc!»
16 190*. by the Rev. George W. White,
pastor of Centra! Church. Emil N. A. Lan*-
hans and Mrs. Mary F. Johnson, both of Saa
Francisco.
MILLAR— POTTER— In this city. March 17.
11HM by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane, David
Millar and Jennie Potter, both of San Fran-
cisco.
MITCHELL— WEBB- At 2434 Market street.
this city. March 1C, 19»M. by the Rev. Geor*-*
W. White. j>a9tor of Central Church. George
William Mitchell and Mattle L. Webb, bol'l
of San Francisco.
DIED.
Anderson. Neils Meade. Dcra Shew
Hell, Mary Mlchatls, Isaac
Briggs, Sarah E. Nltmeyer, Henry
Ero-an. Martha E. O'Neill. Edward
Caiiahan. Edward Openshaw. Edmund
Clark. Thomas Orans. John E. Jr.
Fletcher, jlary Alice Paulsen. Clara M.
Hacley. Ella A. Pierce. Frederick
Hewitt. Mary R- Porta. G. E.
Horco, Motokkhl Robart. August F.
Houston, Carter Schmlercr. Minnie J.
Jacobs, Lee Shaw. William
Jackson. Farrar Smith. Elmer J.
Kane. Catherine Stier. Anton
Kennedy. James K. Wallace, Nora
Klngsland. Thos. G. Ward. Ellen
Lawson. Albert Wilke. Wilhelmin»
Llese, Anna Martha Wolk. Jeaa
McCall. Lilly
ANDERSON— In Suisun, Cal.. March 16. 1SJO4.
Nell* Anderson, husband of Margaret Ander-
son, father ot Mrs. Loui»e Bush ot New
York City and K. E. Anderson of Suisua.
and brother of Mrs. A. Madsea of D-~»-
mark and Mrs. W. M. Smith of Saa
Francisco, a native of Denmark, axed A
years 11 months and 51 days.
(C7The funeral will take place from th*
family resilience In Sulsun Sunday. March.
20. at 1:30 o'clock. Interment in the Fair-
Held Cemetery.
BELL— In this city. March IS. 19&4. Mary,
belo-wd wife of t!>e late Henry Bell, and
mother of William II. and Edwin C. Bell.
Mrs. William House and the late Mrr* Wil-
liam Parish, and sister of Mrs. Ellen Fitz-
gerald, a native of County Cavan. Ireland.
BRIGGS — In tills cltv. March l.< 19O1. Saratl
E. Brigsrs. beloved moth'T of Mrs. Mary J.
Anderson, lira. Frances Young and Thomas
Lincoln Briegs. a native of Sorlnrfleld, III.
{Baker»fleld. Cal.. papers please copy.)
E7FUn€rai and interment at Gait. Cal.
BROWN— In this city. March 17. 1'JW. Martha
E., beloved wife of the late R. Nelson
Brown, and mother of Charles H. and Walter
H. Smith, a native of Portland, Me., aged
SO year* 6 menths au.i s days. (Portland.
Me., papers pleaae copy.)
!T7Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvite-1 to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2340 Washington street. Please omit
Cowers. Interment private.
CALLAHAN— Entered Into rtst. in thU city,
March IS, l'JOt. Edward, dearly bilosved hus-
band of the late Bridzet Caiiahan. a, nattvs
of Ireland, aged 83 years.
C7 Interment private.
CLARK — In this""ctty. March 17. 1VH. Thomas
Clark, beloved husbanJ of tMarvaret Clark,
a native of England, aged 72 years 11 months
and 4 days A member cf th« Cambriaa
Mutual AiU Society and Amalgamated So-
ciety of Carpenters and Joiners.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Saturday), at 1 :3O o'clock, from his lata
Continued on rage Fourteen.
James McGinn. Henry lUrueo. I
JAMES McGINN * CO.. I
Formerly With -McGinn Bros.. I
Funeral Director* a&d Embahmtl I
214 Eddy St.; Tel. South B'a. ¦
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT.
Stege; on Santa Fe electric 'road; $270. per
acre; bulldln* lots $10O; orchards and build-
ings $400 per acre ;¦ monthly payments; send
for maps. HAIGHT. 401 California st..S.F.
ROOMS FOIl HOUSEKEEPING.^
A NUMBER of very desirable funny apart-
ments. 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc. ; unfurnished or furnished to
order; ne-w house. The St. Charles. 15(X>
Sacramento St., near Larkln.
ARDELL. 15 Page — 2 front furnished house-
keeping room*, gas range, $3 week; 1, $1 up.
ELLIS, 6S5 — 2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished;
rag range, running water; $25.
FOURTH. 491 — Front and back parlor for I
housekeeping: also double and -tingle rocm-i. |
GOLDEN GATE ave., 430 — Three very desir-
able housekeeping rooms.
GUERRERO, 132S— Extra nice sunny rooms;
reasonable. Phone Church 5536.
HAWTHORNE, IS. between Pecond and Third.
Two sur.ny furnlrbed room*; stov»; sink;
bathroom; yard; *12.
HOWARD. 1038 — Two larg* connecting room*
complete for housekeeping; gas and water.
HYDE, 52S — Nicely fur. front parlor sotte; also
3 sunny basement rooms. Phone Hyde G.TO.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; frep baths; rate $3O up.
MCALLISTER. 53*— Sunny front suite*. $18,
fl4. $7; gas range, hot bath, laundry: adults.
PAGE, 1324— Two, thr»e or four completely
furnished houpekeeping rooms; private house.
SIXTH, 310 — 1 or 2 large sunny rooms and
kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
THIRD SOS — Two. grand connecting, bay-win-
dow parlors: $14 only; gaa and bath.
THREE rood unfurnfc-hed rfioms on quiet
•tre.-i. suitable for housekeeping. Apply
Orovr st.
TURK. 824 — Two large ¦ sunny well-furnished
rooms; complete for housekeeping: $1K.
APAKTMEIfT HOUSES.
A— ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS
LAGUNA.ST.. NEAR GEART.
Will be ready for occupation in a few
day*. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elecantly furnished
apartments with private bath— -2, 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat; electric light; ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
1084 SUTTF.R ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN. ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $30 to $43.
Make reservations now.
THE LUNGElt. 445 Octavla. cor. Hayes— Just
completed; sunny: modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
bathe* $40 up; refs.; aljo doctor** offices.
ET. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van N«rss— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
eric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1675 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms; also flngle; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
IROQUOIS Apartments. 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
w.-irth: 2. 3 and 4 rms.-. open for Inspection.
ROOMS TO LET— Fa rn anil tnfiirn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folgom sta. — New
he-use, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house tn
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A^BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market «t. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $L $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming hous*. Stl CFarrell st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nliihed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 EI!t-. corner Mascn^-Elegantly
furn'&hetl sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). «1S Post. nr. Taylor— Ju»t
cpened; desirably located; sunny, single rooms
ar.d suites, with private baths, hot and ccld
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone Eait 1317 If desired.
EDDY. 110. near Mason-«-Nicely furn. front
room or sunny suite; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 429 — Sinele room for gentleman; run-
ning water: rent $9.
FOR single gentleman. In private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjolntng; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call office.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave. — Sunny
furn. front room; all conveniences; $8-$12.
FREDERICK, 557— Well furnished rooms; also
housekeeping; splendid Park view and air.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
GUERRERO. 1323 — Large sunny rooms, single
or en suite; reasonable. Phone Church 5536.
JESSIE. "2-J — Very sunny bedroom for one per-
son, furnished new, $1 50 week.
MISSION, 1013— Small front room; $5 a mcnlh;
gentlemen only; no sign.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-- ocm and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to ?S; month. $S to $30: eievator on ground
floor; room* with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER, 3C1— 2 nicely furnished rooms, suit-
able for offices; also sunny single rooms.
SUTTER. 4CC — A bay-window unfurnished
sunny suite for gentlemen; rent $25.
THE AVOCA. 837A Mi*alcn — Furn. rooms by
the day, week or month; prices reasonable.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 25c to $1 night. $1 75 to I»"» week; elec-
tnc lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator.read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 619 — Elegant front parlors
-, and adjoining »ulte for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones— Nicely furnished
room:-. $2; tunny ktittes. $5 per week; bath-*.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room: 15c to $1 a night; 75c to $5 a week;
open all night: convenient to all cars.
APVERTISEMENTS. cubceriptlons rec«rre<l at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office af The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened, at 10GS Market it., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. nr-
ROOMS AND BOARD.
"~~~~ % ~ N iEixiE^l:RiriHOTO:u ~
731 Bush St., above Powell; select flrst-
class residential hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and Drlvate exchange telephones In
every room: terms reasccabl*. B. DU
CARPE.
HOTEL BALTIMORE,
1015 VAN NES8 AVEN^NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FlftST CLASS
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70«.
- EARLCOUBT.
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING; EVERTTHINO
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCB.
HQTEL HATTON.
977 Pine St.. near Taylor: elegantly furnished
suites, private baths; all modern conveniences;
American or European plan.
LAF.GE room, Rood board; suitable for two; in
a private family; also single rooms; reason-
able; references. 7Stt McAllister st.
HOWARD. 841A— Flrst-class board with room,
single or double. $4 50-$5 week; American
family; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
HOTEL EL&MERE. 41S Sutler— Sunny rooms:
excellent table; from $40; iln-rla $23.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
tultes. witn batns: also oingle: homelike.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has b^en
opened at IOCS Market St.. . opposite Fifth.
Open until il p. m. _^
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Sunny unfurnished room without
board; good neighborhood: gentleman; rea-
sonable rent: references exchanged. Address
R. T. B.. 753 Baker st.
~ TO LEASE. * ~
TO lease; Kenllworth Inn: romantically situ-
ated In Mill Valley: 50 minutes' ride from
San Francisco; complete! - furnished; 40
rooms; steam and hot water baths; electric
lights; heaters throughout: elevators, etc.;
rent low. Apply MADISON & BURKE. SO
Montgomery st.
EMPLOVMENT WAJfTED — MALE.
V ANTED — Position as bla-kJ-nr-.tth; will work
n n e hares; i<i year*' experience in a cruntry
•tfwpi. Bcx 4 ?57. Call.
BOY 9 years old, would like a home with
goc< family. Cigar store. 1000 Market et.;
apriy between 11 and 1.
POSITION as city -salesman to call on grocery
' trade. Bcx 4471. Cail.
HOT wis!)»s position in electrical works. 2«M8
Fols"m et.
WAMTi'D— PesitkTi as compositor on country
pa-x-i. Box 44M, Call olflce.
WANTED— Prpition as city talesman for esap
comj-anr preference. 1008 Market et.. box S5.
RFLIABLE. -ompetent young man. thoroughly
vnderrftands care cf horses ar.d duties per-
taining to fcKTtmar's and coachman's posi-
tions w?*hes situation on private place, city
or cou-atry. A. M. P.ARP.ETT, northwest
cornt-r Washington and East ft*.
ENGLISHMAN. 12 years in Central America;
prod t>ookk«-jn'r. thorough Juiowl'd-r' Span-
ish. *if\ French: «et.lT"* -fto-sIUon with Tnnnu-
jBtturlng: or exj>ottin« firm with * view to j
«-.<r.tually representing them In Europe.
Brx 4CS5. Call. !
RELIABLE, cctnretT.t young rr.an. age 27, |
•• ishns a i*~s1tion mi private place: city or
country; f- ¦. garden. «-tc. : capable hort»e-
ran and driver; thoroughly understands j
<-f>irhTr!a-n*e cut!<n; ref^rencs. . Box 4417. Call.
A CARDENER desires a position; thorouFhly j
coirp«eBt in all l!n»-s of horticulture under j
t f« and ov:tsldp; S years In last place; well j
reccmmTded. Bcx 444SL.Call. J
COOK 'wants a ttituatJon; hotel, boarding or i
r«*£t_urar.t; quick »>hort-«rdw m»n. ur.d>r- !
¦-•.•-¦•» l:is btjFln'ss. and all around man: t
city or country. Box 4<rn. Call oftir*. • j
ATTORNEY, who la also experiewed office I
man. l>ookkee{-er. correspondent, busings j
rraoajrer. »>tr. # will accept position with ecr-
TTaticn. fa- estate concern. Box 4S27, Call.
AN e*rp*ripnrft3 and accurate operator on
Burrourhs adding m— chine desires position.
Qox 4447. Call.
CLEP.K— W -*, l'Quor and (crccrlw, window
dree. ;j an.' card WTit<»r dMires position;
br#t rf rt-ferenct-s. Address bcx 4446. Call.
BARBER— Fiirt -class frcri New York wants
firpt-ciBss pofition. Address Barber, box
44GS. C*ll olfic*.
YOUNCi man warts situation es assistant
fcoiAkeeper or general office work In whole-
sale hc-Mse; references. Box 4431. Call effic*.
3TOCXO r-.£.n cf 33, German, wishes place as
houseman In flrst-class hntel or prlvat*
bouse : #xr>*>ri<>T-iced. Box 4412. CcM offloe.
"WANTED — Petition as grocery *ale*anan by
your.R man of ton years' experience; best
of referer*;*-*. Bcx 4424. Call office.
BOOK KEEPER, graduate from one of best ac-
countants in city, desires position; wages n»
object. Address G. B.. 217 Parrctt bldg.
BAKER — First-class all-round man wish*-*
situation In the country. Box 4442. Call.
GOOD cook wasts Fituaticn In boarding-house
or restaurant. Ca!l 65S Folsom st.
AESATBB and chemist wants eituation: ex-
perienced trill man. Box 4416. Call office.
TOUNG Chines*-, first -class cook, wishes a
ix'-e'.tlon in email orjvate family. 810 Da-
l>or.t et.. AH FONG.
Mi CATION wanted by Japanese: wishes peti-
tion in private family; can milk cow. take
care horse, chore around; very useful: city
or country. Address box 4453, Call office.
JAPANESE youth want* eievator work in.
hotel or ar.y place; have rood i-r-commenda-
tiofML W. ISONO. S2S Steven-sen ft.
VOUNG Jnranese boy wishes situation as a |
•.outworker. Address ."f^ Clement st.
ki;aih::k kk.vovati>o.
nY n*w healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
<~o . y.27> Van N-vs« ave.: teL Howcrd 3167.
FINANCIAL.
F«"'R fal« — 25 ehares <>» i>er cent rref erred.
41UO oach ft, v.): reliable, legitimate local
corporation: wholesale- UrurRitrts: splendid;
tJtft-: cajh opportunity. IV- x 4412. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT^
Ail destrable varant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: ever 1000
la fjeber; a cocib:ne<l list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and htip you to find a
place; we nev«r fail: service free.
STERLING KTRNITURE CO..
1C» MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
0 •
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
frervice abs;!utely fn-e; take advantage of
this der-artir.ect : St taIII save you tlise aiid
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co.. 245-25!) Geary
ctL. on the etjuare.
FEE the 4 rooms, bath, at J»j7 Hayes to-day;
nothing like It In city; moderate rent.
ELEGANT. Eur.cy, cor. flat. 2 storie?. 12 rns., I
2 baths; marine view? $75. Tel. Geary 44>*.
PARLOR floor. 5 unfur. rooms, bath, laundry;
adult*: 522 50. 333 Pierce st., near Oak.
•SEVENTEENTH. 4182, near Castro-st. cars—
Susny upper flat. 7 rooms, bath, basement.
BOMETHING new; 4 rooms; see it to-day.
'¦C~ Hayes ft.
LINDEN ave.. 503 — Three cice eunny rooms,
basement; rent $1L
FLATS TO LET Fl'RMSHED.
FOR rent — Furnished cur.ny 5-room upper flit
and bath: rent $25; 105 San Jose ave.. near
TnfT.ty-third Etu Call from 3 to 5 p. m.
POLK. 1404— Sunry furnished flat for rent;
cheap.
SUNNY Sat of 4 rocrae and bath; new: rea-
sonable. 1223 Guerrero ; phc-ne Church 5536.
WASHINGTON. 2S33, near Alta Plaza— Be*u-
t'.'-jHv furr.'.shej sur.ny flat cf 7 roomy.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
JTTnNlSHED flat 7 rooms, ninny, carpets al-
most new. for eale; r»>nt 122 50; healthy loca-
tion; leaving city. Call between 10 and 12,
Siy« gt.. between Minion and Howard.
BDKKT Upper furnished flat. 7 rooms: 4 bay
•B-indows; corner; all front rooms; $S00. ltft%
Fifteenth «t . corner Dolores.
NEWLY furnlfshfij flat of T rooms: rent $35:
•rrcut-t be told at once; a snap at fl75. 1012
Golden Gate ave.
NEW furniture of a modern, sur.ny flat 5
r^ioms and bath, completely furnished. 3*J70
Twentieth Et., near Folsom.
VAN NESS ave., £07 — Fcr sale, cheap, furni-
ture in "-room flat; several rooms rented.
10 to 3 Sat. and Sun., after 3 wk. day*.
TOP. runny, corner flat. 5 rooms furnished,
lor eale; rent J20. .*..*• Webster rt.
FIVE rooms; furnished; sunny upper flat;
rents fj-j. OOfcVj Guerrero st.
NEATLY fUT-ralshed flat: north cf Market; oloe?
in: rrurt lr>e sold. Particulars box 44*8. Calf.
FrilNITfRE FOR SALEL
CHEAPER tlace to buy furniture, stove* anj
houiPhol'l goods of every description; flats
bought. Mission A uc. House. 429-4:7.1 Valencia.
SOLID ©tk furniture cheap; 3 rooms. 4 Bond
et.. n«»ar To-^lith and Misclon.
FURNITURE WANTED^
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Tted~4462;
buy*, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price*? for furniture and rndse. L. H
CURIJ. aucticnf-rr.lSiS MktL :tel.Howard 27*W|
HELP WANTED FEMALE^
CliOK. t-mall hoepital $30
Cook, no wathinp. San Rafael $35
Cock and second cirl. same house, coun-
try $55-J25
I'arlor maid and waitress $*i3
:$ wcood eiTls. city. Oakland f25
• :¦*.-.•.•„ ucne, city $:a
German nun* rirl, 4 years* child $30
4 houl waitre«fs<i». city $22."K>-$25
Chan.benr.aid and naltlngr, country hotel..
' 12250
2 laundretse* -.... $.*J0
Ir.stltction laundress "$25
Nurse friri. Oakland $05
House girls $20-'f25-$30
_. Arr'y to J. K. CROSKTT & CO.. 384 Butter.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressing
ira-rUc-jring, etc.; trade taucht Irora A to Z
ir. 2 week*: |5 to those eaierlnif now; Z po-
eitlon* to fill lBin-.edlately; positions •ruaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school tn
West. 233 Geary «t.. ruom 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both B_aeon8 tauxb: from etart to finish
In I rocr-th tor $10: positions mm trimmers
ralr-dadiei*, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up*
day eni evening c'.tts. 113 Stockton st., r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdres-sinir
trade, manicuring, mastage. ac 12^6 Mai--
ktt et.. cor. Jones, room S»4; positions secured
at hlghett wase»; day and eve, class; call.
A GIRL for general housework and cookin*
2210 Central ave; car fare paid.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
A FRENCH nureiry gcverness for child 3 years
old; wares *30. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sut-
ter ft., near Powell.
PANTS finishers. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27
Geary ft-
STENOORAPHER and office assistant; state
salary expected. Box 4452, Call office.
WAITRESS wanted. 52S Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS waist hand. 1814 Bush «t
WANTED— Refined, middle-agtd lady, no ln-
cumbrance; companion to lady: email wages
and good home; reference*. Address box
1075. Call office. Oakland.
LADY wanted for shooting jrallery: good In-
ducement for right party. A. W. FELL,
Watscnvllle. Cal. ;
WANTED— G!rl for cooking «Jid general
houtsfwork. Apply between 4 ard 8 at 739
McAllister «t.
YOUNG slrl for second work: wages $20. 245
("h^sinut 6t., between Dur>ont and Kearny.
WOMAN to assist with light housework; wages
$12 to fU. 1130 Church st.
GIRL to assist housework small family. Call
9 »o ll. 153^ Fulton St.; $12.
WANTED — First-class waist and coat helpers.
J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
WANTED — Neat young girl for second work.
617 Fteiner St.. near Hayes.
GIRL for general houtework. Apply 3632
Twentieth et. f
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Cal! for the reception
cf advertlseirpr.ts and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. -
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A^MUKRAyTreAPY ¦S4^63a^CTay^sT
Pboue Main 6848.
Leading Employm»nt and I.abor Agents.
DO YOU SPEAK
Italian, • German. Spanish.
Greek. French. Swiss?
We do
Reduced rates.
— $5—
Nevada. Nevada.
To Nevada State.
S hours day. Government work. S hours day.
25 teamsters, ship to-night, $2 day.
10 laboT»t*. thip to-night,
Rockmen. drillers. Irrigation ditch.
•* Nevada State.
Government work.
Ehl? to-nisht.
President and Owners
of Great
Gold Mines,
Copper and Silver,
At our office to-day. See them.
15 single and double hand drillers, $$2 50.
0 machine miners, $90.
Black5mith for mire. Cement finisher.
Don't be stir.sy -ftith your distance. Get
closer to Land of Sunshine.
Where man can work every day. Big wages.
Arizona — Arizona-
Close to Prescott. 910 miles.
$9 10— That's all.
555 laborers, teamsters, drillers, rockmen,
etc.
Center Great Mines.
MILKERS.
2K milkers, all parts of California. $30, $35,
$40 and found.
4 buttermakers, $-i0 and found.
12 farm and ranch hands, $25, $2<i. $30 fd.
4 milkers, fare paid, north, $35 found.
5 choremen. ?2u, $25.
WOODCHOPPERS, ETC.
]2j woodchopper-?, all over State.
Postraakf rs, shakeniakers, etc.
2 farm hands, t'jgether. Oregon, $30 found
— LOOK—
Roy for city store. $5.
6 boys. learn trades. $4. $."> and $fi week.
Gardener, flowers and vegetable*, $40.
2 yourur men, little experience painting, $5
to S9 week.
Blacksmith and woodworker, city factorv,
$16 week.
Driver lor merchar.disf stnrp, $50.
SHIP CALKERS.
2 ship calkers. factory, ?2 ,'h) day.
MEN AND WIVES.
3 farmers and tvIvpp, J-jij. $5o. J6O found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
9 cooks, different hotels, ranches, mines.
etc., ?.;0 to. $65; <i waiters, bell, elevator
boys. 115 to ?40 found.
Pcrters — Dishwasher-? — Roustabouts.
2 laundryrr.fn, extra eood jobs. $15 week.
Butchers, country Jobs. $30. $40, $50 found.
Camj cook. S men, ?^O found: porter, city
hotel. C2<> found; baker, country shop. $40
found; baker, institution; foreman, ycrcoer
gang on ranch: 4 married farmers, vineyard,
south; second cook, city hotel. fl5 found.
Man and wife, man cock, wife chamb2r-
rr.aid, $45 found.
Farmer, wife, btrry ranch. ?40 found
MURRAY & READY,
- «*?4-<536 Clay st.
MAN Bbooi place, ?25 and found; gardener,
$30 and found; c.irpenter. ?."5 day: machine
m:m. J.'t M day: 2 Iron molders. $3 50 day;
ironer and polisher, ccuntry, $15 week; sa-
loon porter, $30; oyster rr.an. $4."i: baker for
institution. $40 and found; hotel waiter,
ccuntry, $-'!ft and found; elevator boy and
kitchen man. $:>0 nnd found, and others. J.
T. CiiO~ETT & CO.. <£S Sacramento st.
FOR Nevada: one foreman. $:J; one plow
¦Irlvtr, ?2 50; 20 fcur-hor«e teams'-ors-. $2 25.
fare refur.u-d. HOKD & SMITH. S3 Third st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 iloritgomery. r. 12—
Eir porter, country. $15; second ctjok, $70.
A— L L
Men to learn the bcrber trafle in two months
and secure good TK>sltions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. CS3 Ciay «t.
WANTED — A Fhoeinaker that it a musician for
clarinet player preferred. Address B. F.
NEWBY, Dlxon. Cal.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced enamel
ware and household goods department man;
will pay $75 per month to rlcht party; ptate
ag«> and exoerience. Box 4475. Call.
AGENTS fcr family liquors: oommisflon and
salary. Apply 1230 Market St., room 11
between 12 and 1.
A THOROUGHLY experienced wrapper wanted
at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S, 740 Market »t.
WANTED — Watson boy. Apply between » and
lla. m. at HALE BROS.'
PIANO player. Globe Cafe, 30 Turk at.
WANTED — An organizer for association work.
Apply J. SALOMON. 306 Sixth st.
GOOD barber for Saturday night and Sunday.
1415 Valencia st.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 25 Sacramento st.
BAUBEP.S— City front fhop for sale; transient*
cheap: owner «ick. DECKELMAN, 106 Ellis.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop, whole or halflrw
teregt. for sale. 137 Third et.
BARBER shop; 3 chairs; good business and
l'-cation. 211 Sixth Bt.
WANTED— A second cook at 500 Howard ft.
WANTED— Those who served In the U. S. VoT-
unteers In the war with Spain and the Philip-
pine rebellion to &<Sply for two months' extra
pay, which is now due. For particulars, call
or address F. B. WILSON, 4."C Parrott bldg..
San Francisco; cpen f.crn 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED^ — Competent salesman for lubricating
grease* ar.d oils; must be experienced; all
applications must state age, salary required,
givlnq references; confidential. Address box
4427, Call office.
A BOY for an insurance office, about 1ft years
old, rtsldinsr tn San Francisco with parents.
Address, in own handwriting, box 4115, Call.
TWO-chair barber-shop for sale In lovely
coun'ry town; good businevs. Apply M. D..
1715 Etocktcn fct. ,
WANTED — Porter and bootblack: boy pre-
ferred. Arena Barber Shop. 1161 Jefferson
tst.. Oakland.
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. ; 14
years' practice; references fiom thousands of
persons for v. hem I have secured pensions.
TRY our men's shoes,- union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pelr; foot-form ehoes at $2 5O; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d Bt., Exam. bid.
BARBERS-^-4-chalr shop at half Its value;
/ good trade: going out of business. Address
459 Twelfth it-, Oakland.
GERMAN: steady; reference; handy; tend bar
wlnehonse; married preferred. Box 2231. Call.
YOUNG men. eallors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
creen bands, for ships. Herman's, 27 Steuart.
BOY about 17 years eld wanted. 106 Ell la st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. ¦ CO., 24 Butter at. ¦
SAII/)R£ and green hands for Europe and
steam whalers. LANE'S. r-O4 Davis st. ¦
Pentfion Atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. 'Phelan bldg.
Pact Com. Geo. IX. Thomas Post, G. A, E.
__HELP U'AXTED — MALE— Coa^
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
526 — Montgomery et. — 526
Phone Main 1101 — Upstairs.
SPECIAL — CHEAP FARE TO
NEVADA TO-DAY. SEE BOSS HERE.
20 teamsters, 10 laborers. 10 rockmen; 8
hours: GOVERNMENT WORK; BOSS HERB.
Pantryman, country hotel, free fare, $30 ard
found: bell and elevator boy, country hotel,
free rare. $30 and found: dishwasher. $5 a
week: 5 woodchoppers Marlposa.. County; 4
nillkers. }f,JO and $40 and found.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third et.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard at.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44~Thlrd St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of ThTball for th« reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor.Duncan and Church ets.
ALL sizes -men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission ft., bet. 1st and 2d ets.
GET your shoes half-poled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mieslon st., bet, let and 2d sts.
HORSES A.\D WAGOXS.
REGULAR auction sales of horses, buggies,
wagons end harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at 615 Ellis Ft.; all horses guaranteed
to be. as represented. S. WATKINS. Auc-
tioneer. Phone East 743.
AUCTION eale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st. ; every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
EAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
session begins June <?. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 510 Golden Gate ave.
CAMPING house wagon; great for theatrical
parties. Owner at G40 Howard St.
HORSE, harness, business buggy; a bargain.
Address A. F. E., room 207, Crocker bids*.
AUCTION every Tuesday, 11 a. m., of horses,
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission et.
I Largest aseortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; w-nd for clr-
cular. G. H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
MCALLISTER. 12ffi»— 12 rooms, bath and bil-
llard-room; $60; water free; modern.
SEE Renting Department M. Friedman & Co..
237 Post st.. for nice fiats and house*.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Poat 8t.
LOST AXD FOl'XD.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARSHALL J. FAIRFIELD, No.
213-149S. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST — Wednesday morning, on Tiburon ferry,
or between Ferry and Mills building, a gold
locket from watch fob; liberal reward. Ite-
_jturn to room 31, tenth floor. Mills bldg.
LOST — On Castro-st.. car or near Powell and
Market sts.. a silver locket; monogram L. M'.
L.. wir.h lady's portrait inside. Please ad-
dr<-Kf= u:;k Seventeenth st.
LOST — Small lemon and -white pointer dog.
Reward room 33, Phelan building.
LOST — Lady's oi*n silver watch with mono-
gram. Reward at <121 Mission St.
LOST— Esquimaux bitch: name Zaza; with
harness. Return 236 Taylor st. ; reward.
MEDICAL. ~~~~
LADIES dpf-inn? safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always sfcfe. painless and reli-
able: I have no lallures; cure guaranteed: no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience in all
ftmale disorder?: call or write without delay;
advice fr<?e; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETI1. specialist for all female
cocipla'nt3 and Irregularities; Instaat relief
guaranteed: 30 yf-ars' experience. S28 Post St.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
hef guaranteed. lCfiSU Market st., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
ccmpiair.ts: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helf.ed: the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1C1S Market st.
I Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Ir.st. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to D; 25 years' exper.
I MBS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market — Reliable ladies*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
' DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
¦¦ DR. ROSEN resides 2005 Folsom st.. corner
2Cth; ladies, relief cr no fee: $10.
j DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union square: all disease* cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
EOILERS. engines. 2d-hand machinery. McInT
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
j DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~~
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
teed* do painting or aoatlng: good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, bcllers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, r-haftlng. etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
reatfd and •xebanped; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
I PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
; roofs with Asbcstcs Roof Paint; guaranted
to stop all leaks !n the one and preserve th»
' new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 142S.
i A — FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny «t..
near Bush; open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
| i _
| A— BUYS, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
ttc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $150.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st., near
Pine: open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3%c ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Wtbster. Tel, Jackson 1321. .
SHOE repairing shop for sale: In country. Ad-
dress JOSEPH LEDDY. Williams, Cal.
FOR Kale— One OO-llght electric bath cabinet.
Particular Electric Work*?, 227 Ellis et.
j FOR sale— Piano, muFic box, organ, harness
and modern house. 422 Orsnge st.. Oakland.
FOR sale— Plumber's tools, grinding stone and
barbers' chain?. 853 Howard st.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches-
easy payments. GARIN, 603 Haywird \\<\%.
Enc>cl-jpedia Brltannlca; Scrlbner edition ;"half
morocco. King's Old Bookstore. Cl McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged.
repaired. Sykcs-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
DESKS bought, aold and exchanged T D~
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mleslon; tel. Bu£h*4C7l
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes, TwenMeth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIOALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKH and sa'es; see the complete line at 1S1G
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
•••VN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental*
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B BECK
& Co.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches
all slzen. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters* all
maV-es. ALEXANDER Ac CO.. IIP MontT'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Light steel or Iron rails, eight or
twelve j/cund. In good condition. EDWARD
A. ELLSWORTH. Idles. Cal. -j
SHOES wanted; misfit & castoit; htghest prcs.;
new & 2d hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds ot oast-ofT
-clothing; I send postal. MORRIS. 943 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
thw>trlr<l rood*. *,ftt Oth «t. : tel. Jm«(* 2*51.
PAINTING. ETC.
.ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, - painting,
Hertrrann Paint Co,, 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
mo.\eyjto -y*^*^
A.U-HERMAS MURPHY.
COl-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
\ Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estaus. cecond mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Mon»y.
See HERMAN MURPHY. v
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $L000.000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
-CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
• REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-9-10- U. CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattel*, in city, town.
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels. •
Location, etc.
Box 40S, Call Offio.
MONEY loaned, to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamstt-rs. boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments: large business in
4rt principal cities. Tolman. 5M Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., 6S Danohoe bldg., 1170 Market at.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
84C Market: tel. Main 1«44. Branch, 1!) Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. "H Montgomery st., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth Bt. ,
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 11X1 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM *1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
* Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle hldg.
TO salaried people tylthout security; on furni-
ture, indorse'! notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 14.1 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rate-s on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commlfcion; installments -accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 p*r cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room SI, 6 Eddy srt.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loane money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Dk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MO-RELL. *> r » Examiner building.
M ISI C A L I VSTRIMKXTS.
FOLLOWS:
Two Stelnway, one Chickerlng, one Sterlln*.
one mines Bros., two Steck. one Stelnway
grand and one Steck grand; also many other
pianos from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up. all fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
A 'CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
550 up; grtatest bargains ever offered In San
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
pianos for $2 Der mnnth; new at $:: per
month; all money paid applies on purchase
Heine Piano Co.. S35-23I. Geary ot. OaklanJ
address 1US2 Broadway. *»
THE planes of the late OTTO BKXDIX. con-
sisting of Knahe grands and Kohler & Chase
uprights, all purchase! last June, are of-
fered lor sale at a large sacrifice. Apply at
once to MRS. OTTO EENDIX, California
Conservatory. 132'.* Sutter et., cor. Franklin.
ONLY Diano house in the city that will rent
you a new piano for ?3 p*?r month and allow
,0 months' rent and cftrtaice oft purchase
'price; sole ajtents for McPhall. Schiller and
1 other mckes. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 5C0 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b<? sold to pay -storage dirt cheap.
WHITE HEAD'S stora*?," lG'tf Market st.
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
tone; rent or sale. Byron Mauzy. 303 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITJ*; & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chlckering baby -rrand:
Ehonlr.ger. little used. Keefle's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; niancs al-
mo5t given awey. Hornum-r. 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $l.T5. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian pianu
player. BY RON MAUZY. SOS -3 12 Post fct.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOLSOM. 035A— Fine large store and ."$ rooms;
rent |30; key upstairs. BURNHAM &
MARSH CO.. 211 Montgomery St.
PERSONALS.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a veal, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 7S1 O'Farrell St.. nrar Larkiu.
Call or write for book, free.
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS tc order at $1 weekly. We havo
ccntracts with leading: houses to take all
their chort ende. called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on installments cheaper than
ethers do fcr ctsh. LEON LEMOS. merchant
tailor. 1127 Market tt.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 110 Taylor.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, "-tops fallir.g.cures dandruff
and itching rcalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac- .
cept no eubetitue. Star Remedy Co..*133S Polk.
A — Microtlne, a positive cure for catarrh, cold
In ' the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample,
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 l)th.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
£12 Shot well; consultation free:- call or writ«.
Cancerous lumps, cores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bone?, etc.). speedily cured by
tkilleo specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
ail blemishes removed; ihampooing specialty.
MME. ROl'ME. 231 Post parlor* IS and 14.
AT less than cost, uncalled for «ults. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1550 Market, nr. Larkln.
GOLDEN GATE,. TOO — Cor. ;l£unJry,barber'shop,
cigars, tobaccos, newspapers; suit3 cleaned.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
elec. needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers, 1170 Mkt.
SUITS to order on installir.enta of $1 p<?r week.
NEUHAUS & CO. tine), tailors. 72u Market.
LIQUOR habit cured In two days or no charge
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. 007 .Market stl
Actlna* restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. -i324 18th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 3C9 Sut-
ter. r. 6C9. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room SS.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 CO; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $}» at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The*, Weekly Call.
16 pages. !n wrapper.for mailing. $1 per ye-tr.
t FALI/iJi-THY.
___________ - ~™__
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. L1EBE3
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 315
Taylor »t.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AXD SUHGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— 6ffic«~and~reard'ttncer
1021 V, Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attection paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases' a ' •pfcclaltr
DR. BALL. 1073% Market at.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herd doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6U7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
OR TOKO PO CHY, successor to Dr. Ll *Po
Tal, herb. doctor, cures all diseases of human
. by Ube of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has- returned from Orient.
Now at SE corner Ceary and Taylor -rts.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All <H»-
cured by Chinese herb*., "46-s ciay tu
REAL ESTATE—CITY— FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. "
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
GOOD PROSPECTIVE BUYS.
$66,000— Fifth St.; 50 feet front: eood 3-story
building; pays almost 6 per cent now.
$60,000— Mission- st. corner; good 3-story build-
Ing; pays over 6 per cent.
$50,000 — Larkin-st. corner: good frame build-
Ing; rents now $250.
$45,000—50x100; close to Market and Larkln.
$45,000— Geary St.; leased to two responsible
concerns; pays 7 per cent.
$45,00O— Fine, large building; rents $4200 a
years; always rented.
$15,000— North of Market and eouth of Sutter;
nearly 45 feet. front; 2 buildings on It
-" now; new building can be erected and
pay handsome return.
$42,W>0 — Mission St.; nearly 35 feet front. With
extri* large depth running to rear etreet;
we have responsible tenant for 6-story
and basement brick building, who will
take ten years' lease.
$40,000—45x137:6; close to Main and Mission
ets. ; under 5 years' lease.
$40.000 — Leavenworth-nt. corner; extra large
size; fine site for- fiats.
$36,000— 33 'feet front on best business street;
west of Taylor; good 3-ftory building.
$31,000— Drumm St.; $13,000 cash will buy this;
3-story brick building; under lease to re-
sponsible concern.
$30,000 — Mission St.; 3-story, building, under
lease to one concern; pays 7 per cent
now.
$25,000— Rents $2Oi 50; covered with building
fronting on 2 main streets.
$20,000— Larkin-st. corner: 100 feet of frontage;
rents J120; this Is a splendid buy for
present rents and an excellent site for
good building later,.
$15,500 — Bush St.. inside; 137:6 feet deep; good
house en It;
$15,000 — Turk St.. not far from leavenworth;
nearly 30 feet front: an excellent pros-
pective piece of property. -
$10,500 — Hyde St.. in business portion; over SO
feet frontage; rented very low at $55.
THOMAS MAGEE & EONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
W. J, GUNN. — -~ —
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$1,625— Cheapest lot In Western Addition;
25x137:0; ready for building; street
work all done and accepted; basalt
blocks laid In ' center of street and bi-
tumtnlzcd on each side; a few st«-ps
from the cable cars; fine marine view;
easiest kind cf terms, about $400 first
payment and a credit of 5 years for the
balance; 5 to 10 feet more frontage can
be obtained if wanted.
$5,000 — N\V. sunny corner, W. A., very cheap;
overlooks Presidio*; .grand marine view;
fronts over 100 feet on sunny side; cars
pass; C flats can be built.
$2.100 — Webster-st.. corner, 25x100; makd
offer; must be sold; $500 cash, easy in-
stallments to suit.
$10,000— Webster-st. corner. 110x100; choice
lot to improve; cars pass.
$4,500 — Western Addition; cheap lot. irregular
shape, 50:6xl.57:t>: easy payments; *1«>>jO
first payment, 5 years' credit; grand
marine views.
$50,000— Pacific Heights: grand marine view;
2 corners, 275x137:6; very cheap: basalt
blocks laid: cars pass.
$13,700— Pacific Heights: 6S:7xia">: overlooks
the Presidio; marine view Is grand.
$100. per foot; marine view lots:' Pacific
Heights: any frontage to suit; full
depth 137 :«; easy terms.
$2,500— W. A., NE. corner. 23x100: $500 first
payment. 3 years' credit for balance.
$5 t 00O — 5 lots north of Park: graded; street
work done; 8"bmit offer; must be sold;
a bargain.
•jl.SOO— 3 lots. 25x120 * each: ave.; graded;
street macadamized; ea«y payments,
$150 first payment: easy Installments' to
suit; clo.«e to Cl<?ment-st. cars; will sell
one of thes** lot*.
$1,C5O— 2 lots, 22d ave.; 50x120; easy Install-
ments; $50 » first payment.
W. J. GUNN.
W0 CALIFORNIA 3T.
FOR SALE.
Beautiful well-built cottage of 7 rooms,
bath and fine basement; brick foundation;
close to 4 lines of cars; yee the owner: call
before noon. 22U Third ave., Richmond Dis-
trict.
$1.23 PER WEEK, no interest. Lets in the
Excelsicr Homestead Tract: all level. no
grading to do: ready to bulid your little home
on; clcse to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
20 Montgomery St., Room 5.
$l*>50— NEW cottage of 5 r. and b. ; 2 blocks
from 2Uth and Mission sts., on Prospect ave.;
ttreet work don*; fine view; will loan $14U0
on th'.s with easy payments.
D. COFFIN & CO., snai Mission . M.
$C5C0 — NEW cozy homes Just completed ; bar-
gair.r: beauties; see them: Clayton St., south
cf Frederick: Masontc-ave. cars to the dour;
transfer at Haight or Oak st. J. STIERLEN.
f.wnw. on premises; phon? Page 04C1.
J2.">00 — 2 FLATS of 4 and 5 rooms, baths; good
location: Income $25 per month. Apply 331U
Mission st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; ws lrmo
full cost improv. ani part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
HOUSE on corner lot: handsome home; stable,
etc.; for >*a!e cheap. S00 First ave.
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 830 Howard.
REAL ESTATE — Coantr? — For Sale.
FOR sale — Country homes In every county In
California, at all prices, from $450 00 to
$75,000 CO. Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT.
952 Broadway. Oakland.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. COS J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal
FOR sale — 52 acres, including hay crop now
Browing: 3 hours by R. R. from S. F. : cash
or exchange town lot;, value $2000. S. H.
TARR, room 217, Parrott building.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyard?: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sont free. C. M. AVOOSTER CO.. <54*}
Market »t.
BERKELEY ADYEItT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
"a bargain! "
$:>5C0— Worth $10,000: bank loaned $500 on this
property; must be sold: 8 beautiful rooms:
rood as new; fine wide street; near both
trains; lot 25x140; large barn; prettiest gar-
den in Berkeley: street v.-ork all done. W.
C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
A. MURDOCH A- CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bar-f.ilns: we build, buy. s*ll or exchane".
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'XTS
r'ICUITVALIi REAL ESTATE.
5400 WILL buy a 3-room cozy house and
chicken yard; lot 50x100: on corner; 2 blocks
to cars: terms: title perfect. SYNDICATE
INVESTMENT CO.. Fruitvale station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL USTATK.
2137 AND 2139 Chestnut st.. Oakland; take
Key Route and get oft at San Pablo-ave.
station; nsw 6-room houses; open porcelain
nickel plumbing;, combination gas fixtures:
larze lots: sunny; key next door; one sold
to J. C. Davidson, manufacturing Jeweler
ar.d diamond importer. 124 Kearny et.: ask
him about them; a bond snd guarantee on
title and construction given; prices low;
terms easy; they are beauties and- dirt cheap
• and must be seen to be appreciated.
' . Also step around the corner to 1114 32d
st. and examine that Swiss chateau; new
style of finish and architecture; key next
door; owner's name on premises.
$250 DOWN; new. home; close center of
town and handy to new Key Rout* ferry; S
«nd 6 roomr-. GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002
Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — A fine 7 or 8 room house In Oak-
land in a good location for cash; not too far
out. P. C. Lassen. 400 Tenth st.. OaklanJ.
OAKLASU~FtRSm^^R^SALE!
TO-MORROW the Say for bargains In"7ural^
ture. H. Scbelrwas.Uth 6t,,cor.store.OaKlaad.
BY A riTTING ADVERTISEMENT IN THE CALL * m -Water Front Notes.
The Englehorn i« quoted for reinsurance at
10 per cent, the Sappho at 25 per cent. Zwijger
at 80 per cent and Clematis at 25 per cent. • "¦.
The steamers Edith and Rainier, which were
The Time Ball on the tawer of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
J e at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at 3
p". m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N\. in charge.
Time Bnll.
Branch Hydropraphic Office. U. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
March IS. l»04.
Captain Hamlet has been detached from the
United States revenue cutter Hugh McCulloch
and placed in- command of the Thetis, which
leaves shortly for Honolulu. She -will remain
some time at the Hawaiian port and from
there proceed to Point Barrow on her regular
yearly cruise.
Thetis to Go to Honolulu.
Adelina. the four-months-old daugh
ter of Luigi and Louisa Roggi of 7 Koh
ler place, died yesterday morning of
convulsions. The child had been effected
for some time and was taken seriously
ill last Thursday night The parents
neglected to secure medical attend
ance. For this reason the body was
taken' to the Morgue and an inquest
will be held!
Dies In Convulsions.
Nicholas Augulund, a longshoreman, fell
down the hold of the steamer Homer yesterday
and sustained serious Injuries, from which he
may die. At the Harbor Hospital, where be
was taken. It was thought the man's skull was
fractured at the base of the brain.
Falls Down Steamer's Hold.
The FacMc Mall Company's steamship San
Juan will sail to-day for Panama and way
ports with a full cargo and about* thirty pas
sengers. Among the latter will be Lieutenant
13. M. Wood of the United States navy, who
goes to Join the squadron stationed at Panama.
San Juan Sails To-Day.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hich and low waters occur at
the city front f Mission- street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the Hfme at both places.
SATURDAY, MAHCH 19.
Sun rises .6:1*5
Sun sets (5:20
Moon sets 8:47 p. m.
O Time TImel Time ITime
» Ft. ! Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
? H W L W| H W [L W
19 0:36 • 5.01 6:42 1.1 1:03 4.7! cTil! 1.6
20 1:01 5.01 7:22 0.0 1:32 4.5 7:22 2.0
21 l:S4 5.11 8:07 0.7 2:*7 4.3 8:04 2.1
22 2:12 5.2! »:C2 0.6| :::50 4.0 8:53 2 7
•»•; 3:02 5.2|lO:05 0.015:03] 3.1>| 9:581 Z.»
24 4:03 5.1111:13 0.5! 6:l"| 4.0111:12 3.0
25 5:07 5.1|12:17 ft4| 7:22[ 4.3| |
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides ara given In the left
hand column and, the successive tides of the
day In. the order ot occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last .tide of the
day. except when there are bat three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are tn
aadition tn the soundings of the United States
Coa3t Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
! sign precedes the height, and then the number
i given Is subtracted from the depth given by
I the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
I of the lower low waters.
The barkentlne Addenda, which arrived yes
terday from Willapa, ' reports that March 0,
when 70 miles west of Cape Blanco, she en
countered a heavy southeaster, accompanied
by a, high cross 6ea. The vessel was thrown
on her beam ends and cabin and forecastle
were flooded. Much damage was done about
the deck, two topsails were blown away and
the vessel's cargo of lumber shifted to star
board. The gale lasted about twelve hours.
Damaged in Heavy Gale.
v « TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Redondo Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 19
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului.. Mar. 19
Elizabeth Coquille River Mar. 19
Ncwburg Grays Harbor Mar. li)
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Mar. 19
Empire Coos Bay & Ft. Orford. Mar. 10
Jennie Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 10
Lcelanaw.... Tacoma Mar. 19
Centra.Ua..... Grays Harbor Mar. 20
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 20
Mineolu Tacoma Mar. 20
Anubls Seattle Mar. 20
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Mar. 20
Edith Tacoma Mar. 21
Coptic China & Japan Mar. 21
Hero Oyster Harbor Mar. 21
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom... Mar. 21
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 21
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 21
DelNorte.... Crescent City Mar. 21
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. 21
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 22
Senator Puget Sound Ports Mar. Tl
Tltania Nanaimo Mar. 22'
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 23
Spokane Humboldt Mar. 24
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. Mar. 24
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 24
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 25
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 23
Oregon Portland & Astoria.... Mar. -25
Amasls Hamburg & Way Pts. Mar. 25
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Mar. 2tJ
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports Mar. 27
'Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 27
Alaskan New York Mar. 27
Alameda '. Honolulu | Mar. 20
TO SAIL.
¦ Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
¦ March. 19.
Aurella. . . . Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct Plor 8
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Eureka.... Humboldt . 9 am Pier 13
« March 20.
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 10
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 20
Spokane.... Humboldt ...l:30pPler 9
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 2 pm Pier 20
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonlta .... Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
SJCarca 21.
Uroatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
March 22.
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 prn Pier 10
March 23.
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Siberia..... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G W Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
" March, 24.
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
March 25.
Arcata..... Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Anubls..... Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 1U
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului. S pm Pier 23
Maxell 26. I
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m| Pier 40
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amtPier 9
March 28. | |
Oregon..... Astoria & PortlandlH amIPier 24
March SO.
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm Pier 20
G. Ltndauer Grays Harbor.. 5 pm Pier 10
'-'/¦¦ * . .FROM SEATTLE."
* Steamer. - . For. Sails.
J Dollar..... Valdez & Seward...... Mar. 20
Alkl. ;........ Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 20
Dolphin....;. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 22
City of Seattle Skagway & Way Port*. Mar. 23
Farallon... ... Skagway & Way Forts. Mar. 20
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Florence T. Savage and Mary T. Rm (oir>
ers) with M. V. Brady (contractor), architect
J. E. Krafft — Masonry, excavation, grading,
concrete, artificial stone work, brick and terra
cotta for an eight-story and basement brlclc
building on W line of Pownll street. 23 N ot
OFarrell. N 43 :» by W 73; $1S.600.
Same owners with Fred P. Klscher (c-on
tractor). architect same — Carpenter, plaster
ing, marb:.- work, class and hardware tor same
on same; $21,200.
Same owners with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors), architect same — One passenger
and one sidewalk elevator for same on same*
I $5K45.
> Same owners with Kern St Elbach (con
tractors), architect same — Painting, etc.. for
! same on same; $7"»0.
Same owners with M. V. Brady (contractor)
architect imhk — Painting, cleaning, etc., of
exterior brick, terra cotta and RTantto work for
fame on same; $250.
Samo owners with Jcshua Ilendy Macnln*
Works (contractors), architect same—Construc
tional iron and steel work for same on same
$8078.
Same owners with J. Looney (contractor),
anfiitect same — Sewerins, plumbing and gaJ
! tittinp for sams on same: 5236O.
William E<ie Company (owners'* with H
; Williamson Company (contractors), architect
William Curlett— Pump, electric motor, tank
pipes and valves for water supply to stand-
I pipes for theater bulldlns en lot on SE line of
I Market street. 75 NE of Ninth. NE 5O» SE
I 165. SW 123. NW 75. NE 75. NW DO; $4425
1 Conrad Gataert (owner), with "William Ldn
' den (contractor), architects Rousseau & Son
; All work except plumbing, gas fitting, sewer
I work, painting and mantels for a three-sto-v
frame bulldinz on lot on W line of FillzncrW
street. 78 N of Slitter, N 25 by W 100. Western
! Addition U5rt; $7383. . ,-
Same owner with J. Looney (contractor)
architects same — Plumbing, gas fitting ana
sewer work for same on same: $075,.
James H. and Hannah II. Ueorc? (owners)
vjih J Frank Rail (contractor), architect T
Pp.terson Ross — All work except ga» flxtur-sl
rrantels. tlllnc. nni?h hardware, art clas*
p'lumbinz and palntine for a two-«tory ard
basement frame bulldinr <fiaU) on tot *>n S
I w'los: 0 *^ 1 ™ 1 - 31:3 W ° f Baker ' W » by
Builders* Contracts.
ARRIVED.
Friday, March 18.
Stmr Enterprise, Younggren, » days and 11
hours from Hilo.
Stmr Spokane, Nopander, 20 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Umatflla, Patterson, 70 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Whlttler. Nlelson. 2\ days from Re
dondo.
Stmr Whlteaboro, Olsen, 16 hours from
Greenwood. .
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from ' Half
moon Bay.
Fr ship Helene Blum, Gruenais, 257 daya
from Leith, via Valparaiso 68 days.
Bktn Addenda, A strap, 15 days from Willapa
Harbor.
Bktn O'Shanter, Slmme, 17 days from Wil
lapa Harbor.
CLEARED.
Friday, March 18.
Stmr Marioona—Rennle, Tahiti; J D Spreck
elu Bros A. Co.
Br stmr Wellington. McKellar, Ladyemlth;
R. Duns/nulr's Sons Co.
Ger shlD Thekla, Wolter, Port Townsend;
master.
SAILED. ; V- .
. Friday, March .18.
U 8 stmr Daniel Manning. ¦ Tuttle, cruise In
search of dismasted ship Wm H Macy. ¦
Schr Balboa, Burmelster, Port Blakeley.
Ptmr Alltak, Rasmussen, Alitak.
Stmr Pacific, Johnson, Prince William Sound.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay. •
Br stmr Wyefield, Webb, Nanaimo. -
Srmr Oregon, Doran, Astoria. \;' J :<N
Stmr Marlposa, Rennie, Tahiti. ; "¦">-?¦•;
. Whal stmr Beluga. Comisky, whaling.:
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. .
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Br stmr Wellington, McKellar, Ladysmlth.
Ship Eclipse, Backus, Blaine.
Ship Star of Franc? , Bergman, Ladysmlth.
Bark Hecta, Nelson, Ladyemith.
Bktn Encore. Palmgren. Coos Bay.
Schr Otlllle Fjord, Bosch. Topolobampo.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN.
March 18. 12 p m — Schr Defiance. •
TELEGRAPHIC. ¦
POINT LOBOS, March 18, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind southwest; velocity 8 milta per
hour.
'SPOKEN.
No date—^-Lat 49 north. Ion 20 west, Br bark
I Peter Iredale, hence Oct 27 for Ipswich. - - "
Shipping Intelligence.
The Pacific Mail wharf is Jammed to the roof
from one end to the other of Its great length
with merchandise of all kinds, from peanut9
and preserved ginger to 6teel rails and hard
wood legs. In addition to these piled products
of-many kinds Is a string of. loaded freight cars
and the narrow lane left In the barricade of
bales and boxes Is constantly blocked by the
heavily laden trucks bearing away the stuff dis
charged from arriving steamers or bringing
cargo to fill outgoing liners' holds. The Sibe
ria sails Wednesday and will carry a cargo
weighing about 5S7OO tons. Of this fully half
rtlll has to be hauled to the ' wharf and ma
neuvered through that maze of piled up mer
chandise^ It has to be done and Captain
Thomas D. E. Wilson Is going 'to do it, but it
is one of the biggest jobs he ever tackled. The
freight still to arrive includes 1500 tons of bar
ley and 25,000 cases of canned salmon, all for
Japan.
A Problem In Stevedoring.
Notice is hereby given that early In April,
San Pedro harbor buoy. No. 2, heretofore
reported slightly out of. position, will be tem
porarily dlscontnlued owing to the work ot
dredging the harbor.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
"W. P. DAY, Commander. U.S. NV,
Inspector. Twelfth Lighthouse District. \
(List of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific Coast.
1903. page 14.)
Notice to Mariners.
SAN PEDRO BAY— CALIFORNIA.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Marlpofa sailed yesterday for Tahiti with one
of the largest cargoes ever taken to the South
Sea port and passengers, among whom were
the following named:
1 Mrs. J. W. Wolff, Mrs. L. Schmidt, Mis*
Alice Wolff. Mlsa L. Pechln. H. G. Wolff, B.
L.. Smith, Seymour Church, J. A. G. Rasmus
sen, E. Levy, Julien Levy, S. B. Wilson. Miss
L. Dowllnc, Rev. Mr. Dowling. Miss E. H.
Bunkley, Mrs. E. T. Bunkley, I* Tournols,
Miss Isabel Gallagher, G. F. Frankhauser.
Mariposa Sails for Tahiti.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK BXCHAN'O'HL
Following wer» the sales on the San Fran*
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 52i 300 Ophir • 23
40O Andes S3: 2C.O Overman .... 2t»
2CO Belcber 21! 10O Overman .... 27
2«»» Eelcher 23! 2ix> Poto«l 2*
20O Caledonia ...125| 3^-0 Savage "4
SC« Chollar 24' li/) Savage 73
100 Chollar 231 13CO Sivage 70
40O Con C * Va.2tO HO Sierra Nev .. «©
6<X> Con NY 03,' .TOO fnlon Con .. RS
10U> Crown Point. 21! inn Inion Con .. 87
30© Gould & Cur. frf»; 7iiO t'tah 2-t
S0O Hale & Norc. 821 4CO Yellow Jnekat 33
5C0 Justice 07)
Afternoon Session.
3C0 Alpha 07| I'MO Mexican 2 05
Z'.*) Caledonia ...120: ."ii^Ophlr 5 12^a
10«> Challenge Con 3«t 10O Potosl 5K»
70O < 'hollar 23, SCit Savage 63
ICO Con C & Va.l H5i 10ft T'nlon Con .. S3
1C00 Con Imperial. (12; 10U Yellow Jacket 34
70O Gould & Cur. 45;
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Parlflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
40O Alpha Con .. 07! 1 to Overman .... 2S
2CO Andes 0S| 5*h> Savage K*
10O Caledonia ...1 20 2tO Savage 70
300 Caledonia ...1.5 5«.<> Ravage 67
SOo Chollar 24! 1W Savage C3»
200 Chollar 2Jl 4W Savasra fi5
200 Con C & Va.2 i«>| K;f> Savnge e«
ICO Con C * V.I 97m 30<> Savage 71
CCO Con NY O4| 5m; Scorpion 09
200 Gould & Cur. 4M COO Sierra Nev . . 7t
400 Gould & Cur. 4"jl2<;!> Sierra Nev .. «S
ICO Coultl & Cur. 5"' 2Cf> t'nion Con .. ,«7
2^0 Mexican 2 15| '.00 rtah 22
1C0 Mexican ...2 12Vj! OCO Utah 2.\
10O Ophir 5 5o! SOO Yellow Jacket ' 33
100 Ophir 5 25!
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 52! 200 Savage «7
40O Belcher 23: 150 Savago «W
200 Caledonia ...12'i| SOO Savage 63
200 Chollar 24! 700 Savage 64
TOO Chollar 23j 200 Savage ...... 62
:W0 Con C & Va.l CO 100 Sierra N*»v .. fis
SCO Gould & Cur. 47J 100 Sierra Nev .. fD
JCO Mexican 2 (.0} SfiO Sierra Nev .. 70
100 Overman 27| 200 Yellow Jacket 34
10O Potosl 28t
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Frtrn
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
3M Cent Eureka. S5| l.V« Mont Ton ..1 23
200 Cent Eureka. 8C 1000 Paymaster ... 11
5O'> Golconda Of! 300 Ton Midway.. S3
400 MacNamara . 21
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Evelyn 3-»| 2U> Mont Ton...l 22*4
2C0 Evelyn 33, aCO Ten Bel.-nont. . 59
1 iX) Evelyn 32| BOO Ton Midway.. M
100 MacNamara . 21 1 4-X) United Ton .. 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. March 18 — t pw m.
Bld.Ask. I BliA»k.
Alpha 07 US Justice 06 07
Alta 07 09|Kentuck 03 04
Andes 52 63|Keyes Gracs.. 83
Belcher 22 23: Lady Wash .. — 04
Best & Eelch.2 35 2 601 Mexican 2 00 3 06
Bullion 10 12 Occidental ... 88 00
Caledonia ...1 15 1 20| Ophir 3 00 S 12*4
Challenge Con 33 3S| Overman .... 25 2*1
Chollar 22 2.1! Potosl 28 27
Confidence ...1 10 1 18t Scorpion ..... OT 08
Con C & Va.l S5 1 90| Savage ...... CO «i
Con Imperial. 02 Oct'Seg Belcher... 07 Oft
Con NY.... 03 04 Sierra Nev .. M eg
Crown Point. 20 21 Silver Hill .. «3 CS
East Sierra N 05 — St Louis'.... 10 13
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndlcata .... 04 05
Exchequer .. 15 17} Union Coa .. 83 89
Gould & Cur. 44 45! Utah 21 23
Kale & Norc. 90 ©1 1 Yellow Jackst S3 S4
Julia 03 O4?
TONOPAH MIXES.
Bld.Ask. I BidJUfc.
Co>han — 19|Ray Cztea... — 14
Eareranra ... — 0l| Ray Ton .... — 13
Gipsy Queen. — 30[Ray A OBrlea — 10
Geld Anchor. — 251 Rescue or OS
C-oid M Con. 03 — [Ton Belmont.. M ca
Har-nsvah .. — 10] Ton & Cal... — . 20
Har.r.apah M. — 23] Ton Exten ..A3 69
Little Ton .. — 60 Ten Fraction. 10 43
MacNaroara . 20 — [Ton & Q TV. OS _
Mizpah Ex .. 10 — (Ten of Nev. 6 W 6 C2U
iloni Ton .1 22^ 1 23? Ton N" Star.. SI __
N Y Ton — CCTtn Midway.. Z1 23
Paymaster ... — 12) Ton Superior. — H
Pln« Grove... — 10|Vnlted Ton ..13 —
Th« rtean.er Maripcua sailed yesterday for
Tahiti with a general cargo, valued at $32,517,
and Including the following: .
1249 bbls flour, 3X910 lbs rice, 16,913 lbs
sugar, 7310 lbs salt, 20,620 lbs bread, 3S0 ctls
barley. 8M6 lbs bran. 49 ctls wheat. 2793 lb«
fresh meat. 16 pkgs paste. 223 lbs middlings,
6167 gals wine, 7 pkgs beer. 111 pkg« potatoes,
193 cs canned goods, 162 cs 40 pkgs salmon,
2130 lbs lard, CS07 lbs beans, 27 pkgs fresh
vegetables, 38 pkgs fresh fruits, 202 lbs but
ter, 0 cs eggs, 810 lbs codfish. 510 lbs 8 cs
cheese, 89,434 ft lumber, 34 pkgs drugs and
sundries, 14 cs coal oil, 86 bxs soap, 98 pkgs
paints and -oils, 104 pkgs dry goods, 12 bales
twine, €0 bdls 8hooki>, 24 cs boots and shoes,
12 pkgs machinery, 11 cs arms and ammuni
tion, 24 bales bags, 10 bbls cement, 21 pkgt>
bicycles arid sundries, 23 pkgs nails. 9 colls
rope, SI boiler tubes, 35 pkgs 'ship chandlery,
22 pkgs sewing machines, 10 reels barbed
wire, 1 horse.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 12 pkgs mlllwork, 3 bbls oil, 3 pkgs
hardware, 1 cs boots and shoes and 1 pkg har
ness, valued at $2*2, en route to Raratonga.
Exports to Tahiti.
Movements of Steamers.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship
Colon, which arrived off the port early on
Thursday forenoon, bat by bad weather wns
prevented frcm entering the harbor until Just
too late for quarantine inspection, was given
free cratlque early yesterday morning and by
8 o'clock was alongside her berth. She brought
1184 tons of cargro and treasure from the
mines o' Mexico and Central America valued
at $50,513. Amonx her passengers was Wil
liam H. Flynn. a Michigan lumber king, and
Samuel Comstock, an attorney ' ot Cleveland,
Ohio. They are x bolh travellne for pleasure.
Charles Mohrmann, who came from Panama
or. the liner. Is a professional alligator hun
ter. He has been following his profession In
the swamps of South America. Captain Irvine
of the Colon reports everything very quiet
along the const. The Inauguration of the new
President, which occurred while the Colon
was at . Panama, made things lively at the
Isthmian port. The Colon's passengers In
cluded the following named:
John S. Bryan, William H. Flynn. Samuel
Comstock. George T. Beverldge, Lochlel , M.
King, John Hallett, Mrs. Mlcalla Hallett.
Flng Po, Loy Choy Sang, Mrs. Claudlna Man
uel, Edward Manuel, George Hehl, Theodore
Knoch, Michael Yokel, William Stone, Charles
Fox, Charles Mohrmann, Refugio Medina, En
carnaclon Herrera. Leonardo Herrera. Daniel
Vizcarra, Petra Vlzcarra, Refugio Vizearra,
DeWltt C. Plxley, Charles Wheeler, Frank
Donnelly.
Colon Lands Her Passengers.
The latest lumber charters reported are:
British steamer ¦ Inverness, 2401 tons, from
Portland to Manila, $34,000, chartered prior to
arrival; barkenttne T. P. Emlgh, from Puget
Sound to Melbourne, 35»; schooner Win. Not
tingham, from Puget Sound to Sydney, 30b 9d;
British bark Frocyon, from Puget Sound to a
direct nitrate port.
The British iron steamer Missouri, 185* tons.
Is loading barley at Steuart etreet wharf for
the Orient.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping; Merchants.
>"E\VS OP THE OCEAX.
forced to anchor in Puget Sound on account ot
heavy weather, sailed yesterday for this port.
The steam whaler Beluga sailed yesterday
on what may be a five year cruise. The Kar
luk will get away to-day.
The ship Kennebec, Captain Lane, left Mon
tevideo yesterday (or Hampton Roads.
The pilot boat Lady Mine yesterday brought
in from the collier Wyefield a fireman who had
accidentally broken several fingers.
The steamship Umatilla, which arrived yes
terday from Puget Sound, was 70 hours coming
down, having been able to make but slow prog
iess against the southeaster with which bhe
had to contend.
FRENCH SHIP HELENE BLUM.
W r HICH WAS 75 DAYS ROUND
ING THE HORN.
The French ship Helene Blum, Cap
tain Greunais, which has been on her
way here from the Old World since
the middle of last summer, came into
port yesterday looking considerably the
worse for wear. She left Leith July
3 and was fighting northwest galea
off Cape Horn October 28. It took
her seventy-five days to round the
storm-swept headland. She was
smothered by salt green seas. She
was thrown on her beam ends. Her
sails were tattered and torn by the
fierce blasts and her main topmast
snapped off. Then she sprung a leak
and December I went limping Into
Valparaiso very much In need of re
pairs. Temporary repairs, costing
nearly $3000, were effected at the
South American port and January 10
she resumed her voyage. She will
be thoroughly overhauled while here,
receiving a new mainmast, which Is
all ready for her. Her voyage from
Leith occupied 257 days. She was
sixty-eight days coming up from
Valparaiso.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDCf— Arrived March 18— SUnr Marsh
flald, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 18, 8 a m— Stmr
Dolphin, from Skagway.
Sailed March 18— Stmr Humboldt, for Skag
way.
TATOOSH— March IS — Stmr Rainier, from
Belllngham, returned and anchored in Neah
Bay; stmr Edith, from Tacoma, for San Fran
cisco, in Rtraits. weather bound.
Passed out March IS — Stmr Edith, for San
Francisco: stmr Rainier, for San Francisco.
Passed In March 1* — Stmr City of Puebla,
hence March 16 for Victoria; stmr Centennial,
hence Marcb 15 for Seattle.
Passed in March 18 — Br shir) Clssie, hence
March 12 for Tacoma; Br ship Castle Rock;
hene* March 9 for Port Townsend.
ASTORIA— Sailed Marcb IS— Stmr Geo W
Elder, for San Francisco; stmr Ros«crans, for
San Francisco,
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed March IS—
Stmr San Mateo. for Tacoma.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed March 18 — Schr James
A GarfleJd. for Coos Bay.
PORT HA RFORD— Sailed March 15— Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 15— Schr Lucy,
from Umpqua.
Sailed March 18 — Stmr Alcatraa, for San
Francisco; stmr San Gabriel, for Umpqua;
schr A B Johnson, for Grays Harbor; stmr
Marshfleld, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed March 18 — Schr
John G North, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived March IS — Stmr Pomona,
hence March 17.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 18— Stmr Ala
meda, hence March 12.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON — Sailed March lfr— Stmr Alllanca,
for New York.
Arrived March 15 — Stmr Yucatan, for New
York.
NEWCASTLE, AUS— Sailed March 17— Schr
Edward R West, for Hawaiian Isl&ads.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March. 17— Nor
bark Vivax, from Eureka, Cal.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed March 18 — Ship Ken
ncbec. for Hamilton Roads. ,
CALLAO — Sailed March 17 — Ger itmr Her
nvimhiH. for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Arrived March 18— Stmr Cura
cao, hence March 7.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 18— Stmr
Lucanla, from New York.
LONDON— Sailed March IS — Stmr Minne
tonka for New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived March 17 — Stmr
Island, from Xew York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived March 17 — Stmr
Rotterdam, from New York, via Boulogne.
Pij; Iron Firm Incorporates.
The Seymour Church Company wafl
Incorporated yesterday for $25,000.
Following are the directors: Seymour
Church. L. F. Faure, K. C. Schmidt.
J. S. Hutchinson Jr. and P. B. Rob
erts. The company Is formed for tha
purpose of handling: pig Iron.
FRIDAY. MARCH IS.
Citj- and County of San Francisco to Henry
I E. Bothin, lot on E line of Van Ness avenue,
! 27 :s S of Pacific avenue, S 50 by E 100; $ .
I Joseph L. and Elizabeth A. Eviston to Ellz
[ abeth M. Devoto oviie <.¦:' James A.) and An
¦ tonio Tapsi. :ot on NW corner of Union and
Gc-j_h MreeU. w bt»:HV&. N 110, W 30. N
;27:»>. B 119:114. S 137:«T ?10.
CU.\ and Couiay of San Fia.nclsco to Emma
Mirhaud. iot on .^f line of Hayes street, 31:3
E ot Buchanan. E 25 by N V2: $ .
j David Karquharson tc Clara K. Sutro. lot on
i W line of liuchanan street. 1V2:9 S of Jackson,
S 25:1 \t, by W 80. quitclaim deed; ?2.
Clara K. Sutro to Frank V. Acker, same; ¦
i $10.
i City and County pf San Francisco to Pauline
i A. E. Baumstelger, lot oil N line of Geary
[street, tis:9 E of Webster, E 34:4^ by N
I 137:0; J .
1 Same to William F. Ambrose, lot on SE
corner of Fultcn and Steiner streets, E 110 by
S 55; S .
£an-.e to Helen C. Dixon, lot on S line of
! Fulton street. 87 :G W of Fillmore, W 50 by
! S 6*:9; J- — -.
Same to William F. Kagan, lot on N line
I of Gclden Gate avenue, 105 E of Pierce street,
E 40 by N 137:6; $ .
Same to John P. Murphy, Thomas C. Clancy.
Francis A. Wilson and Samuel P. Jones (Joint
tenants), block bounded by N line of Pine
j street, K lina of fcteiner. S line of Bush and
I W line of Pierce; f .
! Calvin I>. Brown and Lottie L. Ewlng (wife
I of A. M.) to Ada F. Brown, lot on W line of
I Scott street. 02:0 S of Post, S 25 by W S7:«;
I $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Audry
C lloore, lot on S line of Sutter street, 10G:'J
I W of L'ev'sadero. W 19:6 by S 113; t .
Marcaretha and A. E. Coolot to Clara L.
! Diej»en brook, lot on W line of Devlsadero
! street. 100 8 of Hayes, S 25 by W 1C«:3; also
I property out of county and all Interest in es
. tate of A. Coolot: $20,000.
Ernest B. Wenderoth to Minnie Wenderoth
; (wife of William or Herman W.). lot on N
line of Geary street. 175 W of Lyon. "W 25
I by N 100. and all Interest in Western Addi-
I tion lot G17; $10.
j Benjamin Wenderoth to same, eame; $10.
! City and county of San Francisco to Fred
1 erirk R. and Ernestina R Liewald. lot on S
I line of Thirteenth street. 125.02 W of Treat >
! avenue. W 23.004. S 117.045. E 25.10, N
j 114.354: *- .
Leopold Anthenien to Rose Anthenlen (wife). '
\ lot on E line of Capp street, 168 S of Fif- ;
i teenth, S 82 by E 120; gift.
City and county of San Francisco to Emma
j A. Fernell and Maud Luttringer (Schmidt).
' lot on SE corner of Fifteenth and Guerrero
I streets. S 100 by E 1<TO:10: $ .
Same to Jacob and Nathan Harband, lot on
I N line of Seventeenth street. 100 E of How
! ard. E 30 by N 112:6; $ .
Same to Maria Dere, lot on S line of i
Seventeenth street 275 E of Dolores, E 77
! by S 100; $ .
John S. Dittmrr to* Catherine E. Donaldson.
I lot on E line of Church Etreet. 144:6 N of
j Sixteenth. N 25 by E 125; gift.
Lloyd C. and Mary T. Dibert to John Haz
lett lot on W line of Sanchez street, 153:0
S of Sixteenth. S 25 by W 100; $10.
Hannah and G. H. Batchelder to Charles
j J. Musante. lot on S line of Hancock street, ;
1 205 W of Sanchez. W 25 by S 114; $10.
City and county of San Francisco to Joseph
; Mairhen lot on W line- of Noe etreet, 80 N
I cf Seventeenth. N 25 by W 95; $ .
Same to George E. and Mary Dankwerth.
I lot on W line of Treat avenue, 245 S of
j Twnty-secead street. 8 45 by W 122:6; $ .
Same to BellinRham Bay Brewery, lot on
iS line of Twentieth street. 25 \V of Alabama,
W 50 by S 104; ? .
Fred and Maggie Graves to Manoel P. and
'• Bellp A. Rosa, lot on S line of Day street,
i 15<> B of Dolorrs. E 23 by S 101:6; $10.
Iirif-a. Granella or Guinaesa (Cordano) to
j Francesco Spingola. lot on N line of Union
! Ftrpet. O* E of Dupont. E Z.i by N 09; S755O.
I Catherine I^arson to George M. Mitchell, lot
I on XE line of First street. 80:6 NW of Fol
] eom NW 23:6 by XE 137:6; $10.
Mary E. and William H.- Healey to Robert
i Dalzifl lot on NW line of Jessie street, 550
i SW of First. SW 23 by NW C2; $10.
Isabella F. and Herman Schottler to Charles
! W Ktookett. lot on SW line of Julia street,
; 23 SE of Minna. SE 23 by SW 50; $10.
: James II. and Kate A. Stevens (Harrington)
! to same, lot on S corner of Minna and Julia
i meet*. SW r>0 by SE 23: $10.
John Center. George S. Crlm fand as trustee),
! William H.. Samuel M., Grace M. and William
: H. «'rim Jr. and estate of Samuel Crlm (by
: trustee) to F. E. Knowles, let on NE corner of
i Division and Bryant streets, N CO, E» 8G, S
j Cl :4. W 74: *]<>. / ,
Patrick O'Gara to Etta O'Gara. lot on K
j line of ITtah street. 1S2:6 S of Marlposa, S 25
' by E 100; also lot on E line of Arkansas
. street, 2S7 S of Twentieth. S 23 by E 100; gift.
KI'zaV><>th E. F. O'Brien to Jane T. Egan.
1 lot on K line of Eighth avenue, 250 X of B
I street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Electa
i E. Caswell. lot on SE >-omer of Thirteenth
! avenue and B street, S 225 by E 240: $ .
Irfonce Grotliw.:ll to Sophie K. Chaquette.
i lot on NW corner of Thirty-sixth avenue and
; Fultcn smrt, W 32:fi by N 100; $10.
Thomas F. Chalfield to Stanley E. and Jes
j tie A. .Sherwcf/<!, lot en E line of Twentieth
avenue, 250 t> of H street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Eernhanl and Rose Getz to William A.
, Schmitz. lot on E line of Seventeenth avenue,
i 275 N of I street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
City Realty Company to Lucy E. Glunz, lot
! on W line of Fourth avenue, 120 S of II street
1 S 25 by E 120; $10.
Herman and Alvina Dinldeman to Emma
! Harrington (wife of Alphon«o), lot on E line of
i Eleventh avenue, 100 S of I street, S 25 by E
i 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Cora
R. Si<-'b?n. lot on W line of Forty-eighth ave
1 nue. 2tX» S of I street, S 23 by W 120; J .
] Same to riintoti T. Hull, lot on NE corner of
i L streot and Ninth avenue, N 32, E to point
• 14K.2 W of Eighth avenue. S to point 00:10 E
I of Ninth avonue, W 00:10; $ .
Jacob Hcyman Company to Elsie M. Caw
! thorne. lot on NW corner of Forty-fourth ave
; nue and U street. N 100 by W 57:0; $10.
W H. and Stella Ppase to Ann Towns lot
¦ on NW llnp of MI«sion street. 50 NE of
! Tlngley, NE 64. NW 101:6. SW 9:6. SE 75,
I lot 154. Academy Tract ;\$10.
Ida Pierce and William V P Johnson (trus
j tecs of estate of Henry Pierce), Henrietta P.
I Watklnson and Josephine Pierce to H and W
Pierce < Incorporated), undivided two-fifths of
j same .17 pieces as In decree of distribution of
! estate of Henry Pierce.- excepting lot In Laurel
! Hill Cemetery. recorded March « 1904 (see
, probate In abstract 3S61. March 9. 1904);
! Charlotte I* Brown to Clara A. Richards
] lot on SE lln« of Vienna street 525 NE of
India. XE 50 by SE 100. lots 10 and 17 block
63, Silver Height?: $5. f 10CK
Wilhtlmine Wilke to Emma Rutfce. lot on
n bv° f W N ys* d gift treet - 16 ° S ° f Powh «««n.
George and' Kate Ryan to John and Ida
Mattson, Jot on NE line of Tomasa etreet
•JH-.9 NW cf Butler avenue. NW "8-9 N
*5:0V E 25 S 33:2%. lota 9 to 11. block *
j Frsnconia; $10. '
Frederic K. and Bell M. Magee to Nels P
I and Ane M. Jensen, lot on S line of Rich*
land evrnue, 440 W of Mission street XV "0
by S HiO. lots :i and 4. block E French &
Gilman Tract; $10. ' rencn *
HEAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Adolph v Balz, who on October 29.
1903, was severely Injured by a fall
from a Mission-street car, filed a suit
for $10,000 damages against the Unit
ed Railroads yesterday. He charges
the employes of the company with
carelessness.
Sceka Damages for Injuries.
I Coi!ti;:::iv' ¦: r i fese Tiflen.
witn :i ......ire in « u; a.u' C:-:tr"x to SVs
seller ;' (: . TI'- :i..r...,- siuikj opened .s-Mif
firm. i;.t (iisk'.mJ mi the day iTogres^tt:.
¦svhi!-? th.- «:i .-t-.ck--. «C?r«« n.-K.t-cte'i.
The Pacific.- 1 'oa>: Doras C-jmpany will p«y
n reKUlnr :nut:t!..y J-.-t-il ••! JI i»*r «har«>
The Califcrnia C:\n- ar.l Electric Cor.'.i?ariy
ha:- roade Its ilr.-t rdcusi paymcixt 6i $!.*>¦>. tii"j
mirier liia s-irikin^ lusd imvisions of Its tnai
O«ed to the Mcrc=.:it::i.- T/ust Cun-.par.y. Thia
Rinocnt iv 1 1 1 he appiltj Brjrt v> fill m- r^-cj'jiie
•ront.H of th? .oinkinii fund prov^iona of the
var'.our underlying- Uon.Is. ami the balance
v. ill be var.u to meet the rcijuirerr.t nt3 of the
Corporation.
STOCK AM) UO\1> EXCUANGK.
FRIDAY. March IS— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr COup..l07»il08V3|4s qr cp'new. — 13»H
4s qr res. .lOtjailOTliJOs qr coup... — 1C7 1 ;
MISCELLANEOUS CONDS.
Ala A "vV Ca. — — I u T Co fs . . HO —
Bay CPC 5s.l01 102HI Do 5s Ill —
Cal C G 5s. — 1W-4I L>o con 5s.. — IO2«4
Cal U & E g |O<-«anlc S r>s. — 75
in & ct os. — — |o:n Cable t.s.llS.''^ —
Cal-st C 5a. 116*4 HT'/iiTac O 1m 4s. — OG
C C Wat fis. — lOOUil* E Ry 5s.lO5!i —
Ed L & P 6s.l23 131 I' & C H tis. — ll>5
F & C II es.H4Vill5^lP £ O R «;s.U6 —
Geary-st 5s.. 45Vi 90 Fowell-st fis. — —
H C&S B^s.104 — Sac KG&K.V. »9141(X>
Do 5s 9914100^4! PF & SJV5s. — —
Hon R T 6S.106 — | Sierra It fis.HSVa —
L A Elec Bs. — 105 S I' of A b's
L A Ry 5s.ll2?» — (10CJ) 100*4 —
L A L Co 6s - — <l«10) 1079i —
D o gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s S
Do gtd Cs.103% — nncOSr A.tOt^ —
LAP lem Cs.l01t 4 102V4 U9C3)Sr B.lC5i 4 —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll6 — j (11MJ6) 107 —
Do lcm,5s. — 115 I (1912) — 11S»£
MV& MtTos.lOi — t»PC 1 c% r.a.11.% 11!»
KRR of CCs.107 — Do stmpd..l«) 100 ',i
Do 5a ....118% — S V B R Cs.m —
N P C R 5s.lO5 — |S V Wat 6s. 104^1 04 'i
X C Ry 5a. — — ( Do 4 3 2.1m. OS'i 99
X C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4s .".-lm. 8534 —
N S R R Cs. — 100^41 Stkn OAEda. — —
O G L&H P3.IO6 — |U G & E 5s. — 106
O W gtd 5s. — — 1
WATER ST0CK3.
Contra Costa — 41 |Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — C2#|S V Wat Co. 39?i 39*4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 3%|S F G & E. 57'i —
Mutual E L. SH 10 I Stkn G & E. 5
Pac L Co.. 55'i — jL* G & E Co. 27Vi 32Vi
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F Q & E. — _ I
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd.310 345 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 |L P & A....162H —
Anglo-Cal .. 86 9O'.£|Mer Trust.... — 225
Bank of Cal.400 427Vs|Merch Ex....— —
Car Safe Dp. — 150 | S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — j
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 1 9av & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co .
S F Sav U.625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 | Presidio — 41
Geary — $0 |
POWDER.
Giant 60% 62 |Vi(?ortt 4% 4T4
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 30c IKilauea. S C. 21, —
Hawaiian C. 46>4 47 iMakawell C. 21^ 22
Honokaa SC12 W^lOnomea S C. 24 ' 27
Hutch S P C 8*4 8 7 ,|Paauhan S C. 13^ U\i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.139 140 [Oceanic S Co 4V*
Cal F C A. 96>i — | Pac Aux FA. 5' 6
Cal Wine A. — 92 | I'ac C Borx. — 168
MV& MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
Beard —
70 Paauhau S P Co 13 73
1<> S F Gas & Electric 5.) 00
1') S K Uas & Electric, a ilO j» 50
25 S V Gas & Electric, a 90 5S 25
Street —
$2,000 Spring Val 4s (3d mtge) 90 00
$11,000 Sac Elec Gas & Ry 5s 99 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 46 50
50 Hutchinson S P Co g 75
10 Oceanic S S Co [ 4 50
5 S I" Gas & Electric, s 90 58 0©
20 Spring Valley Water Co U9 5O
$11,000 S F & S J V 5 oer cent 118 50
Street —
5 Californla-st Cabl« R R 199 75
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Bid.Ask-I Bld.Ask.
Bay CPC €s. 99 — | S P Co 4Vis. 9S 99
B L Wat Cs.100 — j Sun Tel tls.113 —
Cal NWR 5s.lll% — | Do 5s 1C2«£ —
S F Drdk 5s. — 113Vi|Suttr-st R5s.lOT. 113
SF & N!' 53.11H4 — |UR of SF 4s. 79 —
S P C R 4s. — 1C0 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23 23>4!Mat Nav Co. 60 S9
Cal Cot Mils — 95 Nev Nat Bk.lS5 2<:5
C Jockey Cl. 99 120 JN S R II... 9Vi —
Cal Powder. 125' 140 N Cal P Co. 9«^ —
Cal Ship Co. 15 .".0 Oak Bk Sav.112^ —
Cal T I & T. — 133 (Oak T Con.. 7.". —
Cen Bk. Oak C3 T^ — JIOOF Hall A. 6 —
Chutes Co .. 6Va 8 jOrpheum Co. — lfl*i
City & C Bk. — 112 I Pac S TelCo. — 102U
Ea»t Dynm.150 250 Iraraf Paint. 3S —
Drnt Pwd pfd 60 — I S F Drydock. «0 —
Do com ..40 — JSF&SJ Coal. 20 —
FN Bk, Oak. 120 — S J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr 1U - so & MTgbt. — 163
Frnch-A Bk.ior> 110 Swiss-A Bk.113 —
Gas Con A.. 1!>4 21 | Truck Elect.. 10 13
Hono P Co.. 12'.i-13%|UR InC pfd. 44 —
I.on.t SF Bk — 60 | Do com ..9 —
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 44
Aztec 50
Central Point Con 62 68
Chicago Crude 20 ....
Claremont 50
Four 6tt ....
Fulton 100 4 00
Hanford ......155 00
Home 1 32«4 1 S7}$
Independence 16 17
Junction 15
Kern 4 90 5 23
K°rn River 13 00
Lion 01
Monarch of Arizona 41
Monte Crlsto 75 SO
Occidental of W Va 1.1 ....
Oil City Petroleum 37
Peerless 13 50 1(00
Pittsbur< IS) ....
Reed Crude 1 35
R F & McKlttrlck 3 00
Senator S3
Povrelsn 44 ....
SterlinK 2 00 2 75
Superior 05
Th!rty-thre« 8 00
Toltec • 1J» ....
Tw»nty-eiKht 4 0*> ....
West Shor^ 2 60
Associated r*cnds 79
• Miscellaneous —
Abby Land <fe Improvement.. 1 30 ....
Fischer's Theater 1 25 ....
Northern Cal Tower 10 50
SALES.
Morning 1 Session.
100 Four Oil 65
300 W^st Shore 2 75
Afternoon Session.
100 Monarch _ 41
200 Four Oil 6«
Battles With Gales Off Cape Horn for Seventy-Five
Days and Puts Into Valparaiso Badly Damaged— Takes
Eight and a Half Months to Come From the Old World
FRENCH SHIP HELENE BLUM SAFELY
ENDS A LONG AND STORMY VOYAGE
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Atlantic Tn:st Company Held Bo
spcrslblr for $40,000 for Recelr
cr*s Kxpcnses In Canal Case.
Jtidjjrr.ent against a creditor In a
foreclosure proceedirjc is one of th<»
freaks of the lav/, and In the case of
tho Wooclbridse Canal and Irrigation
Company the freak will cost the creri-
Itcr mortgagee, the Atlantic Trust
Company, about Sto.oco. according
to a decision handed down by United
State3 Circuit Judge Morrow yester
day.
The property of the canal company
was sold last year by order of the
United States Circuit Court in fore
closure proceedings in the suit brought
by the trust company. At the request
of the creditor the court had appoint
ed E. C. Chapman as receiver and
Chapman's report to the court showed
tint the price, $21,100. which the
canal property obtained at the court
sale, was about $40,000 short of pay
ing the co3ts and expenses of the re
ceivership. He thereupon brought
suit against th-? trust company to re
cover that sum.
Judge Morrow gave an oral decision
yesterday in *favor of Chapman. This
Judgment is believed to be final, for
all the matters in litigation concarn
ing the Vv'oodbridge Canal and .Irri
gation Company have been passed
upon by the United States Supreme
Court.
j CREDITOR MUST PAY
! FORECIiOSUKE SHORTAGE
/HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SATURDAY. MARCH 19. 1904.
14
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral en «„„
day. March 30. 1004. at 2 o'clock? r OD hX
i.te residence. S18 Chester street. Interment
Pt. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland
S'JHMIERER-In this city. March 16. 10fr|
Mrs. Minnie J. Schmlerer. l>elovcd wife of
Georpe R. SchmJerer. and sister of P w
and Edward Pyne and Mrs. T. J. Barrett'
- ii8ti\»> of rrtland. "arc-eu.
C7"Friende acid acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the luneral to-morrow
<f=unday). e.t 11 oVJock. from her .ate rtai-
dence, 41» Nineteenth avenue. Richmond dis-
trict. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
S-HAVT— In this city. March 18. 1904, William
£haw, m. native of Scotland, aued 40 years..
C7"Frlrt5d* and acquaints ncc« are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March i"O, at J o'clock, from the mortuary
ciiaccl of the Golden Gate Undertaking Cora-
jiany. 247S Mission -«tr»-et. near Twenty-first.
Interment Cj-pre*« Lawn Cemetery.
SMITH— In tli;« city. March 17. 1903. Elmer
J.. btloved aon of Richard II. and May L.
Smith, and brother of Roy Smith, a native
of tan Francisco, ajjed 2 years 1 month and
0 days.
t-F FritTiit and acquaintances are respect-
pF r!»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invted to attend the funeral to-morrow
|f=unday> at 2 oolock. from the funeral par-
I' 1 !* or The H. F. MaRPs Company !II7 Mif-
fion etr«»t. where et-nices will be hs-ld
tinder thp smnrAcm of Court Punflow °r No
I*.. Foresters of America, Interment Odd
rvalue Cetnrtery.
ONEH.I>—In Bo. 4 uel. Santa Cruz County. Cal
March IS. J»»4. Edward O'Neill, a native of
Ise*. Mass.
Oi'KXSHAW— In Ocean View,. March 17, 1904,
i.dmund J.. beloved infant son of Edmund
J. and Mary A. Gperahaw. a nati\e of San
•> Tanr-lsco. ae^d o months and 14 days
CTTThe funeral will take ula.v "to-day
-haturday) at ;»:.:« ./clock, from the parlors
of Caxew & E.r.c!i»h. -» Van Ness avenue
friend* are invited to attend
Jr.. dearly betored and only snr. of John and
May oran*. brother of Elizabeth Orans and
frandson of John and Eli M r*tn Orans «"d
the late Julia Jackscn. a native of San Wan
cif-o. ared :? y^an <j months and 2y davs
, fr* hrJ^n.ls and aojuaintance* are respect-
fs In^i?, 11 "^ tO »*"« nd th " f un " raI to-morrow
¦ Siindavt. Marrt, 9jq, a t 1 o'clock, from th«
r«id*nee or charts A. Jacfcficn. 421 Harriet
rT^'^r^IT'? ?w * nd Sevonth . Brannan
Cera«£ry Interment Cypreas Lawn
PAVLSEN-In thia city, March 17 1904 at
h;,r residence. 1010 Lombard streu Clara
M.. beloved wife of Henry PaulivTknd ,*C*
in« mother of Alfred H.. L^-jj. Uavld
';T;™r, Rubet^ r '. Hei " y - Torv*id- M d u?;
¦aie Caenar I'auleen, a native of Sierra
Vd™ Ca a<te<J " year " 8 m ««t»»» m*
PIERCE-In this city, March is. 1004 Fred-
erick Pierce, beloved fathf of M-s jVChn
Mstren. Mrs. L. Ur.ae.^n. Mrs J^l
Huesc- and Frederick 1'ierc". a ,-ative o"
Lncland. aced 57 years and 3 days V
rf'I'.TA— In i.Uis city. March 15. .«<« a t St
Jo«.ph'« Home. o. E. Porta. a native of
fcwl-.zerland, a^ed 43 years. °
C7Friends and acquaintanrvs are resDect-
ullV Invited to ettead th« luneral Saufrt"-
%&&<££*> k - f^ m lhe
ot J. E. Godeau. «J05 MontKomery avonue
-J.ence to the Italian Church, where a
requ:enj hlch mas. will be held fcr the re-
oose of his foul. CfTnmencins ct 10 o'clock
Interment Holy Cross Cemttery. «-"«•*
F.U8ART- In Oakland, Cal., March 17 iimu
Aucuet F. Robart. btloved son of Marv and
the late Jule, Kobart. and brother of Th\ 0 -
dor. Robart and Mm. X. D. Ryan, a n"u?e
of Sa:i Francisco. Cal.. aged 3<J y ta rs -.
njonthe «r:d J8 days. yeari -
E^TFr^nds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend th? funeral to-morrow
• sun^ayi. at 2::!0 c'ol.>rk, from the Brooklyn
I r»slyterlan Church, East Fifteenth street
«nl Twelfth avenut, East Oakland.
M<-CALL— In Oakland. March 17, 1904, Lilly,
wife of John McCall. a native of Michigan
ared 22 years 9 months and 1 day.
MEADE— In oekland, March IS. 1304. Dora
S^hew. btloved wife of Calvert Meade a na-
Mve of Boston, Mass.
MICHAELS -In this city, March IS 1904
iSft^S^i busband of Esther Michaels!
ar.<J beloved father of Louis Michaels a na-
li%«r of G~rmeny. aged IA years.
r7"Fri*rn<ls art- respectfully united to at-
tf-na the funeral services to-morrow March
.?¦ at J^ 15 !ock ' at th * *SS of *.
UT?, V JL-° • Z 53 fc uttfr street. Interment
Hills at Eternity Cemttqjr. by train leaving
Tliiu and Tov.nsend streets at 11:30 o'clock
Pleaf* omit flowers.
MEMEYfR- to this city. March 16. 1904
Henry Member. bclo\'M brother of Mrs.
Minna Jahrand of Wndea an der Aller Ge--
rr.any. and Wl'h»lm NSemeyer of Neemez^i
Stub^n. Bremen, a nati\e of Germany, aged
U-^Fripnils and acquaintances are re?p<?ct-
rollr invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday afternoon, March 19, at 2 o'clock,
at the family residence. IOCS Market street.
Oakland. Internunt private.
LAWSON— In this city. March 18, 1904,
Albert, lovine husband of Catherine Law-
¦an, a native of New York, aped 78 years.
LIFSE— In Cast Oakland. March IS 19O4 at
IW Twelfth avenuf. Anna Martha Liese.
belo\ed mother of Arthur H. Lie.se, and b*'-
iuv«>d aunt cf Mrs. (."harlpg A. Gove Bin
l»ulsa Holmes and Mrs. E. A. P.odterF, a
native at Germany. ag*^l <a» y^ars 10 months
«r.t3 5 days. A member of Brooklyn Re-
Jfkah Lode* No. 12. I. O. O. F., and the
\tteran R^b-l:ih«. Ka^t Oakland; Temple
No. 1,, Rathb'>ne Si8t»r». and the Assistant
non^er v\ otr.en of California.
C^Senioes will h<? held tn-day (Saturday).
st 1 o'clock, at the chauel of the Cyprejis
L«» 11 i>m« <>r>'. under the auspices of Mis-
sion L^-dce No. 103, F. and A. M.
KIVGSLAND— In Oakland. March 16, 1904,
Thomas G., beloved husband of Margaret A.
Kir.gs!«n<J. and father, of William Jacques
P^atl and O!lve Kinrsland, a native of
Boonton. N. J., eped ;~ ypars 7 months and
15 days. (Xew York City papers pleas?
copy. )
CTFrieri«ii and acquaintance/! are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funfral services
Sunday. March 20. at 2 o'clock, at St. Johns
Er'-'wpal <"hurch. Fifteonth street, between
Mission and Valencia, thence by fleotrir.
funeral <-ar fr^m corner of Etclit««Btta an.i
Guerrero streets at 2:.".O o'clock t.i Cyprepi
Pawn Cemetery. Interme-nt private.
HORCO — In the City and County Horpltal.
March 17. 1S04. Motnkiehi Horco, a native
cf Japan, aged 30 years.
HOfPTOX— In this tlty, March 15, 1904.
t'artfT Houaton, beloved husband of Jennie
B. HouFton. and father of Oiarles J. Hout-
t"H. «'M brother of Mr?. W. 11. Smith, a na-
tive (f New Hamp?hire, aged «il yf-arp.
C7"l*rienos and acquaintances and com-
rr.des of thf Q. A. R. are pwoeetfttlly in-
vited to atrend the funeral, which will be
h"!d unfler the auspices of G«occe H. Thomas
P<>« No. 2. G. A. K.. at th^ir hall. 320 Pwrt
«reet. on P-jnday. March 2* 1 . at 1 o'clock.
Intierm'nt GforRe H. Thomas Pcet p'.at, Na-
tk'ne! Cemetery, I'resldio. Remains at the
rarlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 313 OFarrell
ftreet.
OFFICERS and members of S»ven Pines Cir-
ci«» No.3, Ladies «>f G. A. EL— Toa are h^-eby
Tiot'.n>d to attend the funeral of our late
comrade. Carter Houston, on Sunday after-
noon, at 1 o'clock, from George H. Thomas
Post, Red M«>n> building. ~JO Post stre^u
HENRIETTA HOWE. President.
ANX1E M. PHILLIPS. Sec, 1019 Polk st.
JACOBS— In tMs city. March IS. 1904. Lee
J«<-ot«. beloved husband of Agatha Jacobs,
end father of Mrs. Fannfe Soiro and Clar-
ence. Roland and Irfne Jacobs, a native of
N>w Y<-rk. aeed 5O years.
JACKSON— In Giant. Contra Costa County.
Cal.. March H. 1904. Farrar Jackson, son
of the late Dan and Frankle Jackscn. and
brother of Arthur, Walter. Ethel. Alice and
I'an Jackson Jr., a native of Xew York, aged
32 years and 0 months.
t-j? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
March ?rt. train Ravine Giant at 10:15
u'clodu* tlunee to West Berkeley, where
services will be h*ld at the Church of The
Good Shepherd, corner Ninth and Bristol
strefts. at 11 o'clock. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
KANi:— In this c-i-y. March IS, 1W>4. Cath«Tin«
Kan*-, a native of Ireland, ared 63 years.
C^TNotice cf funfral hereafter.
KK.VXKDT-ln Brrryessa, ne.-.r San Jose. Cal..
Slurrh 16. ISO*. James K., beloved husband
< f Mary F. Kennedy, and father of Robert
K . William F.. Allen R. aud Brea C. Ker-
n^dy. a native of New Brunswick, atred 02
>ear* 3 months and 10 days.
Continued From Page Thirteen
DEATH NOTICES.
•ffidence. S3 Silver rtre-t. thence to Good
i-anicTit-tn H!«!ca. Second stre-t near * o -
s-.-m fcr service, con.niencins at _ o c.uck.
iWrmert Op;e*« Liv.n Cemetery, by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
F*.re:tt.
FLtTCHER- la this city. March 17. 1304,
Mary Alice, beloved wife of Joseuh 11.
Kleuher, and mother of Georj:? ". and
Uthrl M. Fletcher, end etster of Mrs. J. v\ •
rtlcfcaxtfxoa and William Hlines of Modor
' .u;:ty. Cal.. a native of New York, agred
r.J >car« 10 months srd *J4 cays. tEierra and
PJumaa par>etB vlcase copy.)
JtyFricnd* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atfnd th? funeral to-day
Saturday!, st 1:30 o" cluck, from Mizpali
Preilyteiian Chun h, Harrison street, neat
Flftt. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
?¦lectric funeral car from ITisbteenth and
HANLEY— In thie city, March 15. 1904. Mr*.
Ella A. Har.Uy. beloved wife of P. J. Han-
!ry, daushter o f Henry and Gertie Grimen-
ttein, t.nd sitter cl Jcbn, Frank and Elnia
Grimer.etfin and the lato Annie Grir.ienstein.
Ri^o Filter Ot Mrs. W. H. Sharer, a native ol
K«dwood City, ated 23 yiars '< months and
11 day*. (Uedwoud City paters please copy.*
|^J'FT1e^d^. and acquaintances ar« «-e?pect-
'•jllv invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
March 1«. «t 9:^0 o'clock, from h«r late
T^fiitnce. 64T First a\-enue. Interment C>-
prefs Lawn Cemetery.
HEWITT— At h»>r refider.ee. 61ft Carp street.
March IS 19>H. Mary llebecca, belovfd wife
cf William A. Hewitt, and mother of Kd-
-ard T., William A.. Mary A.. Arthur G.,
Margaret K. and Paicy L. Hewitt, a native
of England, ajied €0 years 1 month enJ 1.
day?.
IT>'f'r!"n'J» and acquaintances "are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
Marrh 2o. at 2 o'clock, Irom the residence
of his son. 14<^< Jackson streH. Interment
Odd Fcllowe' <Vm<?terv. •
E7Frtendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attfod the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at S:l. r > o'clock, from the par-
lore cf McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mipsiun etreet. between Seventh and Eighth,
th«noe to Sacred Heart Church, where a re-
quiem hish mass will be <«!«-brated for the
rff^se or her soul, at s» o'clock. Interment
Holy Cmn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth ard Guerrero streets.
WII.KE-In this dty, March 18, 1004. Wil-
hlniina I'. Wilke. belovi d wife of the late
Frederick Wilke. and mother of Mrs. Emma
Kuthe, Mis. Mletze Renwiok and Theodore,
Huk« and Arthur Wilke. a native of Ger-
irany. acod 7<i years <5 months and 20 days.
WOLK— In thiR city, March is, 1904, Jean
Unlk. be'.oved father of Jules Wolk. father-
in-law cf Mis. Juls Wolk. and grandfather
of Id.i and Emile Wolk. a native of Grodno,
I'oi^snie, aped <j» years S months and 5 days.
fully Invited ti atfnd th» funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from th«- residence
of the parertr, L341 San Bruno avenue. In-
t?r;reit Holy Cress Cemetery.
STIKP.-ln this city. March IP. 1904, at his
iisijer.ee. 2* Cam:i street, between Sixteenth
and Seven'.enlh and Valencia and Guerrero,
Anton, dearly beloved liurban-i of Katie
Sutler, and father of Lina and Wilhelm Stler.
a native oi Pohl-Ooo», Hessen- Darmstadt.
Germany, ased 4; years 1 month and 3 days.
WALLACE,— In this city. March 17, 19O*.
Nora. beloved wife uf John Wallace,
beloved sister of Maggie Reynolds, Mrs. T.
Mulvihill and Mrs. T. Uiblen, and beloved
aunt 0/ Mr*. M. Kellcher, a native of Ken-
irare. County Kerry. Ireland, aged 32 years.
CFrSenj* end acc^ain'.ances are respect-
fully invlteJ to att'.nd the funoral to-day
ibalurday), frcm her late residence. Sixth
ftrect, between Powell and Etandford ave-
nue, Emeryville, at 0:30 o'clock, thence to
Ft. Cotumba'a Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be . celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Intrrrr.oni St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
WARD— In this city, March 18, 1904, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Frank Ward, mother of Fran-
cis K. Ward, daughter of the late Catharlno
anj Robert Brady, and Rister ot Catharine.
Rolx-rt and Thomas Brady, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2* >ears <J months and 6
da\y.STOCK MAEKET.
. Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May. ' Jnly.
Opening 6 7% 6 7% 6 TV,
Closing 6 74 6 74 6 "U
PARIS.
"Wheat— March. Sept.-Deo.
Opening .2150 2143
Closing 21 CO 21 50
• : Flour^
Opening 2S 70 29 45
Closing .."I................. 29 S3 29 30
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. 1X>U1S. March IS. — Wool — Steady and
unchanged. Medium grades, combing and
clothing. 17«?21«ic; light fine, 15©17Kc; heavy
fine. 12@14&e; tub-washed. 22£31c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON*:
PORTLAND. March. 18.— Wheat — Walla
Walla, 75c; btuee tern. 80c: Valley, Me.
1 The bark La Fontaine hoa cleared tor.
Miscellaneous 3Iarkets.
New York Stock Market.
SET, TORK. March IS.— Tber* was a ra'her
prcnctiiireii tiixrlrjt off In th» huyir.c mr.-.-e
.-.-.: in Etc<-k5 to-day, and th- market proved
nr.aWe t» withstand the welsht cf the real
«r:ac sai^. aggravated tr the fully failure
Ti-if rcdu'-tlon cf the tbort :nteir»«t acccm
pllirb»d br jt-stetilay'* active bujins Wt the
market mere \-alnTal.!e. Bat y<-6t»rday'« ad
v»r,c^ h«<! induced «ome hrp»>« ot a further
rir-. and broueht ir.to the market this morn-
Jnr a »lijht!y increaard dcrr^nd. Some of the
larp* wire cczr.r'.lrslzn heuses «/?r.t cut market
letters' !*st rJ^ht, v.hirh trrre framed In a
noro L-uilifh tc:i«» than mtf, f=irnl!ar cutcut (t
r-acy w'ks u>H.» 'Hie r<rjlt was a periM
c( strrrsjih durins ih.r ««ar!y part of the day
Another ?u«alr.irc factor ha* been the i#r
lifctMirr vrlih »-^lch T!rc,fr«s:onal trailers hate
fought tb» cjvssre by rbort eolci* of ttocks
T»>* recer-lty of <-everir.g thyae ehorts as th?
advaurr naman ha* rtrved to extend the rise
rnatcrially. The d = y» « ar : r advances had
Ixtn romrthi: - nor* Oaa lort. and the mar
ket 'had *:t?a4i<l Mica the ncrrs of the SuKy
fcsj»n*-i< n in ;Jv cottcn tnarkct decMr'l the
Oorawwtf te;:.-fr»cy. Th:r<- was a liberal
Eheiline '«:t i-t t>«r «lr>rk». ar.J a sharp break
tn rricse t.-> a r«:nt tx-U-w lart Eight fcr a few
it th* leadinj,- activ- etoefcs. Bat rlj^rous sup
por-.lnc orders v.ere fc.t:,tv.min g at the deciin
ns.i the rnaik.t rallied. There was co'.hinsr ;o
*how a-.y trrge prt«s-urc n( liqui.UHcn ot st>'kh
ts a O:rc« rcanlt ft th* «^>»ton 'ai't;-^ -.he
S*fi*« auitu.i? of V.-a;i, street as'a'wb.'lc
rather a-1ver».. ; , na U -«:i : . treet spe^latT™
are «unx»acd to hbsv lort Urre hi-s« i, Y >.™
trsrinr on the f*-5rt »12«- of «he ratios mark*-
It ha* be*a ib# current supposition that -he
cotton \ix*t tra* lRtrnvtrd en «* tbon Aal
t,: th* fctock trarket. Th? a-'ecrtiens that 'the
•^rs.tor tias «hcn in tV «ock m=rkn m£
wttb-Bcm, but th» nirvcus "ca- t"a
rtc^k» causal by the fallcre coatinued" t-> th^'
»-ir»inc. F.-hlch w.i# rrvrrirt: f.nj tm-suUr *n«i
not f-rfro-nth.. tovr-r.t. Tfca fn«ST« o?a
f»\-oraM« lnr : k n*_iemezit nco altrr tb« fij-'»
fai'nre w«« fcr.noarccd. ard v» «rii:-icut Jr.Hn
<t»«!. A tsll tn fftcrlins .-x«-h»nce in I'ari*
•aa r. «harr a^-^xtxc hrrc. sj. *M! es o mark
tac Kb « ihc prices o( ccld la I^cdcu. were
KEW TORK. Warch 18.— CT.o«e: Mor.ey on
call— Easy. 1%Q1\ per cent; closing bid. 14-
Ta« Joan— Kary; tixty day*. 3^4 Der
cent; Kinetyeays. 1*03% ceEl * %
incnth*. 1, , ; per cent.
Prirr.e rr.ercar.Uie paper— 4^5514 ceaL
Fttrl.rg ixcimnr* — Strw.i?. tiith actual bu* 1 -
W»s ka tAv.k<m' lulls at $4.K734 8705 ffT dt
taan<3 ar.d at $4.S423a4.S43O for rixrr day bills
Post-d rate»— Si -j-..'i4 S3 ac3 $i S74&4 8<s'
• •ooi»r.»rcial b!U«— J4 S4. '»«r»»-.
B*r eiJvt-r — S^Vc.
Mexican rio.'.srs — !4Uc
Bocds— Coveremeat. steady; railroad. Irrera
lar.
Nezv York Money Market.
I EASTERN 3IARKETS. |
Exchange and Bullion.
Sliver and Sterling Exchange were slightly
1 higher.
I The total imports by the San Francisco
banks of gold yen from Japan from December
j 1. 1303 to March 13. 1904. amounts to 25.
! B33.000 yen. valued at about $12,725,200. It
; la reported that a much larger amount than
this has been shipped from. Japan to India
and Hongkong.
The following banks received the amounts
name4: 'Anglo-Californlan Bank. Ltd., 5.430.
000; Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corpor
' atlon, 9,650.000: International Banking Cor
poration 6, 833. 000; London Paris and Ameri- !
can Bank. Ltd.. 3.70O.CO0.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 S4%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 57*4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 124
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 56*4
i Mexican Dollars, nominal 4349 46
I Wheat and Other Grains.
j WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change. Chicago dropped 2>4c and the sentt
, mem there was still very bearish, with a good
' deal of talk about the t>oor demand for Flour ;
1 and the settlement of the Arsentine ! strike.
, which would be apt to increase the shipments
j from that country. Crop reports from Western
j Kansas and Oklahoma were gloomy*. There :
1 were no further rains in the Southwest and a
dust norm over Western Kansas was re
ported. Only a few points in the Southwest.
have been favored oy light rains and the crop
t Is flow being damaged. .
i The . private wires of Mitchell. Mulcahy &
j Cc from Chicago said: "The close wa» heavy
and the selling panicky. It was a heavy mar
ket throughout the day. but the weakness was
accentuated In the latter part by the heavy
(allure in the cctton market in New York.
' which was also supposed to be long on Cera
and Wheat in this market. Cables were steady.
Cash markets in the Southwest were dull and
orders from mills seemed to be withdrawn. The !
Modern Miller was bearish on the crop situa
tion. The whole situation to-nisht is nervous
and unsettled and the action to-morrow will
depend udom cables and the extent of (urther
liquidation 1>7 weak holders. It has. however,
had a good break, and on any further decline J
ought to be a purchase for a rally."
I In this market caih cratn was firmly held.
1 but -buyers, are keeping aloof and business U
i quiet. Futures are lower.
} CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4001 45: California
! White Australian. $1 6C@1 574: Northern
Club $1 4C#1 42H; Northern Bluestem, $1 500
1 S3 "per ctl.
•¦£'• ».'."y. FUTURES.
Session 9 to ll:3O a. m.
Open. Ilitrh- Low. Close. '
May .?l 41% $1 41H $1 40?{ $141
Decemher ... 1M 1 364 1 33?i 1 35%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. H!gh. Low. Close.
May— No sales.
December ...$1 33S $1 35ft $1 35M $1 334 j
BARLEY — The market continues ln excellent
shape for holders and sellers. In addition to
the Oriental demand and the usual domestic |
requirements an extra good demand for Hono
lulu has lately appeared, and numerous liberal
sales on this latter account are • being made.
As stocks are very moderate and the May shorts
are casting about (or the grain wherewith to
fill their contracts, it will be seen that the
market Is running very strongly in favor of
sellers. Futures were hlghsr ¦ again yesterday
and the cash grain was stiff, with holders in
clined to demand a farther advance. The only
lageing description is Chevalier, which is re
ported neglected and weak.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12&61.13; Shloping and Brewing. ;
$1 174S1 20; Chevalier, $1 1391 25 for (air
to choice. . "
FUTURES.
- Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.,
: " Open. • High. Low. ' Close.
-M«r ...$112 .V * 2 * *i »?4 *ii2
Decemter— No sales. $1 02 bid.
2 p. m. Session.
No tales. '
.-¦ OAT3 — The northern steamers continue to ar
rive without any consignments from up the
coast, and as State receipts are light the mar
ket continues very firm, though prices show.no
further advance. Vtatf
White $r 27"*ei 37H : Black. $1 25©1 53;
' Red. $l"25«l 85; Gray. IX 32}J wr cU. __
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 33- J-crowa
London "^yers. $1 23; usual advance for frac
tional Coxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy 18-«j
cartons, per tb. 7%iC; fancy 12- oa cartons per
package. 6\c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb ?i~e
choice 16-c* carton*, per lb. 7Uc: choice 12-o«
cartons, per package. «V,c; choice buUi car
tons, per lb. 7%»c; l«-ox cartona. seeded S---1
lir>Ks. Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 3\c; bu!*^
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 6-»^c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 1343113- .
Noi.2. 114SI2c; No. 1 hardshell. UBU40"
No. 2. 113114c: Almonds. 114« for Nonpa
reils. 114c for IX L. lie for Ne Plu» CUru
and O'^c for Laagueiioc; Peanuts. e&7c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@l-c: Cocoanuts. $4 50133
HONET — Comb, logllfec fcr white and S4
©J#4c for amber; water white extracted 5-%/t
S^c; light amber extracted. 44Q-J\c dark.
BEESWAX— 27320c per ib.
Previsions.
The local situation remains unchang»<1. T^!«
Chicago market is thu» stated by the private
wires of Mitchell. Mulcahy & Co.: "There 1
was steady liquidation throughout tfw day for
outside account and the same absence of sup
port as heretofore, except covering by shorts-
There Is still quite a large scattered outsiOe
Interest."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 104c per lb for
heavy, lie fcr light medium, 13c for Ilsht.
134c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 1^4c: California
Hams. 124c: Mess Beef. $10 3(>@11 per bbl
extra Mess. $11 30fil2; Family. $12 5fy^i;j;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra dear. $2»tj"i3;
Mrss. $1S; Dry Salted Pork. H>4§llc: H*
Pork. $27. Pigs' Feet. $3; Smoked Beef. 14s
p«r lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*4e per lb (or
compound and 9^c for pure; half-barrels pure
94c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 3-lb tins. lOHc; 3-16
tins, 10>-ic.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 0\c; thre»
half barrels. 9>4c: one tierce. 8}«c; two tierce*.
9c: llvt tierces, 3?*c per lb.
Hides, Tallcnv, Wool and Hops.
L"" ¦
HIDES AND SKIN3— Culls and brands tell
about 4S1; under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 04c: medium. S4c: light. 7*ie; Cow
HiJe». 8c for heavy and ~\c fcr light; Sta*».
«c; 3alted Kip. 0c: Salted Veal 10c; Salted"
Cal/, lie: dry Hid«s. 15918c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 19c; Sheepskins. »heariir.g». each;
short Wool. 4V$65c each; medium. 7Off3Ocr I0C5
Wool. $lgl 3O; Horse Hides ult, ?2 73 for
large and $2§2 30 for medium. $1 25^1 73 for
smalt and 50C (or Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 73 (or large and $1 30 (cr medium. $1 . : 23
(or small and 30c (cr Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c; dry Salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central American. 31c. Coat Skins — Prtme An
goras. 73c; large and smooth. 60c; medium.
35c: small. 2Oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4*iff44c per 1!»:
No. 2. 34:54c; grease 24@3c.
WOOLr-Fall cl!p^-San Joaqula Lambs'. 99
lie; Middle County. Ilgl2c- Northern def*ct
lve. frSlOc: Nevada. 13313c; Oregon, fine. HQ
10c; Oregon, medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS — 24627c per lb for California. 1903.
and 174c for crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
Spring Lamb Is showing more cf a rang*,
as some poor stock is bein? received. Fall
Lamb is higher. Hogs are firm and the local
packers are now paying up to 6c for some
thing especially good. All other descriptions
remain unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 7SSc (cr Steers and 6HS7o per IS
(cr Cowa.
VEAL— Large. SgS^c: small, 839*~,a per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. Ewes. »t»3^3
per lb.
LAMB— Fall. 124§1.-V:; Spring. lS.g'lBo.
PORK — Dr«sf.i Moss. 7©»4c per Itt-
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The (ollowlng quotations are for good, sound.
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 30
per cent shrinkage (or Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, »30c; Cows and Heifers.
~QX: thin Cows. 4© 5c per 1b.
CALVES »#44c per lb (gross w-!*ht>.
i'HEEP— Wethers. 441»3c; Ewes. 4V«944o
p«r lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 54i*«S<? per lb. r/ii
HOGS— Live Hogs 140 to 2C« lbs. 5%«*?;
over 200 lbs. 54©3\c; soft Hogs. i*iHZc;
Sows. 20 c«r cent off; Boars, So per cent eff,
and Stags. 40 per cent oS from abovs quota
tions.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 34c spot and 5Hc Jun»-
July; San Qa^ntin. $5 23; Wool Bays. 32333c;
Fleec* Twine. 74SSc
COA tr— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel-
Ur.zton. $S: Seattle. $6 30: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver H1U. $8: Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7: Cocs
Bay. $5 50: Grata. $7: Wallsend. $7: Richmond.
$7 5O; Cumberland. $13 ln bulk and $14 23 la
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 30; Cannel. $9 3t> per ton: Coke. $11 C-al.t
per ten ln bulk and $15 ln sacks; Rocky M.;;n- -
tain descriptons. $11 43 per 29CO lbs and $12 $0
per long ton. -according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 3c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled, and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c-;
Baker?' AA. $1 1O61 1^: Lueol. 43c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. «0^70c p«r gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 33o
(or Australian: extra bleached wint?r Sperm
Oil. 83c; natural winter Scerm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. C5c; natural Whala
OIL 60c: extra wtnter strained Lard Oil, 73c;
So. 1 Lard Oil. 60c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
Xo. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc;
boiled FUb Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint OIL 33c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, la bulk.
14c- Pearl OH. in cases. 234c; Astral. 204c;
Star. 20Hc: Extra Star. 24 He; Elaine. 2t>4c;
Eocene. 234c; Deodortied Stove Gasoline, la
bulk l(Jc: In cases, 224c: Benzine, tn bulk.
13c; " in cases, 134c: Sd-degree Gasoline la
bulk. 25c: In cases, 31c
TCRPEST1NE — 84c per gallon ln cases and
7Sc ln drams and iron barr*U.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7"»
74c per lb; White Lead. 7974c. accordis^ to
Quantity. •
SUG\R — The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as (ollows. per lb. In 100-lb baxs:
Cabes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.53c;
Powdered. B.SOc; Candy Granulated. 5.5oc;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granu
lated, eparse. 5.40c: Fruit Granulated. 3.40c;
Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags only). 5.30c;
Confectioner*' A. *40c: Magnolia A. 3c;
Extra C, 4.90c; Golden C. 4.S0c: "D."
4 7Cc- barrels. lCc mere; half barrel*. 23c mere:
boxes 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for ail
; kinds* Tablets— Half barrels, 3.90c: boxes.
6 15c* H 4 E. Crystal Dominos. 8.4Oc i»r lb.
No order* taken fcr less than seTenty-ftve bar
rels or \t» e<jnl*alent. -
CANDLES — The Standard Oil Company has
Issued the following new quotations: Elwtri.?
1 light per set. 746104c (or slxw and »4e for
twelves- Granite Mining. 1 S«llc (or sUe» »tui
9c for twelves: Paraffine Wax. 10^gt0%c; Ra
diant Parafnne Wax. 7S»Hc per set. .
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. MARCH 1«.
Flour qr slu .. 13. W; Tallow. ct!s .... 10
Wheat, ctls .... l.C^!P«!ts. No. .... W3
Barley. ctU *?* Hides. No. .... It**
Oats ctls 1.113] Leather, rolls .. • 7t
Rre" ctl« 220; Lime, bbls ...... 30t>
Beans sks 443; Paper, reams .r <RS
Potatoes, sks .. 444 Powder, cars .. 3
Onion* ska -•• 40 Sugar, ctls 5.5O
Middlings sks.. «' QuicksltTer. Bsks ' 4O
Hay toni 400 Wine ga!s .... O.«f.0
Wooi. bales ... 171! Brandy, gala .. 3.3C0
Screenings, sks. 20!
OREGOX.
Wheat ct!s 9,S'T<li Potatoes, sks .. 8TI.
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 16.772 Bran, sks ..... I.2"0
Flour qr ska.'. 13,543 Shoru. sks .... I.2Z0
Potatoes, sks . . 274i
LOCAL XAEKETS.
Spirit of the Exchanges.
Tte pr:3cir«l everts yesterday ie«>re rn the
American exchange*. The panicky break la
cotton e_i<I th» Ctflsri cf D. J. Sally, the lead
ing bu'i. affected Wa^l-stre-et stocks more or
less. ** it wts tbm opinion that the failure
would have a restraining influence on further
aites:v-* at afg-r»-*slv» ball operations, and the
rr^arirt racc*<J lower. Wheat and Com were
also Ejected by th» failure, as New York, was
f»TP^seii *.o be '.cr.z en both, ar.d the two
CTfsls wtre weaker on the Chicass Beard of
'Trade. IyTT.acs report*! Japanese bonds
eaV.er. b« American •ecr3rif.es higher. There
was netting new from the Continental bourses.
Bank of British North America.
The asersJ report of the Bank of British
North America, hartrg thirty-three branches.
Jr. Casada ar.d agencies in New York and San
Frasclsco. shows profits of £47.673 for the
haif year acded December 31. Dividend* cf
80s or 6 per cert per share <par £.Z-0) were
«I»e:ared ficrta* th« hm'.t year.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Paelse Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, March IS— 5 p. ra.
Tte following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<U.ie. as compared with those cf came date last
M**on, a=3 rticfali Sn last twenty- four hours:
Last Tins Last
Statics* — 24 hours, season, eeascn.
rvreka 0.00 49.09 47.29
R*S B:u5 0.02 23.55 21.12
f-acra=:erto 0.24 13.40 13. SS
5an Francisco 0.21 16. 56 15.C5
»esno O.<12 4.56 6.78
In<5»r«nilece« O.00 1.82 1.S2
Far. Lu:« Obispo 0.37 10.58 14. S3
L"» Anselee ©.01 4.1*6 10.22
gee Diego O.i<Q 2.6S 8.78
THE COAST RECORD.
= 2 2 7 2 ~
i Is = § f = ?J ?
STATIONS. 7 2§ 5i fa J"* b
2t>.f.< 42 34 PW Cloudy Tr
2*** 1 " 21«.*6 rut 50 S Cloudy ...
Farallcn 30.04 SH . . TV Cloudy ...
Eureka 3Q.OC C2 4« >TtV Clouir ...
K!a*r»ta!r ~»."i* Sx 2«J jJVT Cloudy .
Fr»*no WAV 74 ZX KW Cloudy .02 ,
Independence .TJ.st 72 4S "W Cloudy ...
L-* Ar.R»les.. 3f>.(4 <"2 34 W Cloudy .01
ilt Tamaiya;*.3«>.{S 52 45 £W Pt.Cldy .22
North Head.. 29. 36 46 44 5 Cloudy CS
r hl *^-ix -».^0 M r.2 NW Pt.Cldy . .'.
tocatrllo 23.JXJ 4S 40 fW Cloudy .87
Prrti-nd :;i»..jo 4s 4>» i=E Cloudy .13
Vrir.'. Reyee... 23. Vi M 4S X\V Pt.Cldy
Ked Bluff 29. JW .;., -r, s CToudy r«
Rr*-bunr 30.02 54 44 SW Rain \£
Parrarr.^nto ..::<•.<«) 60 .-,.; «r^- cloudy "4
f»lt Lak- 29.MS &o 4^ N Rain 'o2
s^an Diego 3<».O2 66 52 NW Clotidy
Ftar.cisco.3t>.«»» 54 .V> SW <~loudy "h
S»n L. Obispo.no.08 CJ 56 SW . Rain I37
P»atUe Sa.VS At; 4,) 5 Cloudr 16
Sr-iicane 29.WO 4<5 34 SW Oouiiy i-»
ra;x*h 2».*C 4* SS SU" C!ou-lv '-vl
w«mwin».;aj« 54 m ??.- Pt cidy iv
y. mnemucca 2».»>2 IA 4S PW noudy Tr"
29^2 74 5<i W Clear ..'.
WEATHEP. CONDITIONS AND GENE RAX.
FORECAST.
The pressure ha* risen rteai'.ly over the
northwestern jorticn of the ccuntrr and has
fallen in Southern California.
Cicrudy »c»ttifr prevail? over the entire Pa
cific Coart and B*ta fhewers have fallen ln the
..-.frier and «!or.g th* *outh«m ccast
Ths temperature has remained about normal
- he rivers cf Northern California are all* at
a high *u*e and rising slowly, but conditions
ar» etrai;!>- improving and it is likely that
th# r;v*r* wiTl ts.ll Saturday.
The followinir river rea-itng? ar» report*.* •
P"-. n!u*r. 22 4. fallinir: Cclu™. 23.3 -."ri :
UmirwrfOc ls».9. rising; Sacran-.or.to • > 4'»'ris^
icf. and Han Joaqnin Bridge. 11.2 ' risi-.ir
The foliowir.g high winds are reported
iStocsh. 4*.. southwest; Ncrth H"ad. 4S south'
west; Seattle, 34, south; Wlnnraucca. 2^.
southwest. T» *
hc^reS^^n^t^lr,^^ «" ***»
Northern California — Cloudy Saturday Ire«h
west winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday- n E ht
westerly wird*.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
San Fr«r.ri«ro and vicinity— Ocnifiy Satur
day; fr^sh vnsvtfiy winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
CHICAGO. March IS. — Mysterious selling
pressure on a -large scale near the close of
j trading on the Board of Trade to-day was
only explained shortly before the final gong
sounded, the announcement being that the firm
of D. J. Sully & Co. had (ailed. Sully, the'
"Cotton King." acquired membership on the
Board of Trade only a few weeks ago. Con
siderable liquidation in the late trading to-day
was .said to be for his account.
The wheat market was already in the hands
of the bears before any tremor of the Sally 1
failure was felt. Immediately after the open- \
ins there had been a little firmness due to .
comparatively steady cables and to reports o(
dust storms in Kansas. Private advices also
stated that few places in Western Kansas had
received any moisture of consequence. Initial
quotationj on May were unchanged to %c
hieher at 94 Tic to 954c July was SfJ-^c
higher to «^c lower at 69^©^a¦^^c to S9Tic.
Acting under the impression that the drouth
in the Southwest was not yet broken, many of
yesterday' s sellers began to buy wheat back.
From >-94c July rose to SI*&c. with only small
offerings on the market. Later the selling
became more pronounced and prices started
downward. The dwrllnln* tendency was ac
centuated by weakness at Kansas City and by
I a rumor that the strike in the Argentine re- j
public had been settled. Early buyers turned t
sellers and many prominent longs took, profits. J
There was also considerable selling (or the j
short account. The early bull influences seemed
to have wholly disappeared. It wag at this 1
Juncture that a prominent commission-house j
began executing selling orders for large quan- 1
titles of wheat. Vague rumor quickly con- \
nected the name of Sully, the cotton king,
with thl3 heavy selling. Definite announce
ment of Sully'e failure was not forthcoming,
however, until some little time later. Trading
was exceedingly brisk the last few minutes,
and* on each sale a lower price was recorded.
Tbe close was at the extreme low DOlnt. with
May 2%c lower at 92i4c and July 2S'a2*ic off
at S7c.
- Considerable strength was manifested ln the
I' corn pit early in the day and prices showed
a lair advance The closing was weak and near
the bottom. May down l$ic at 51&C July
closed with' a loss of 14c at 49t,c.
A strong cash situation and small receipts
maintained a firm tone in oats the greater
e part of the «ession. An easier tone s#t in near
the end. May Closing 4SfHc lower at 39%c.
Juiy closed with a net loss of at 3SKc.
Provisions were weak on continued selling
by commission houses. The selling was largely
in the way of liquidation, and was mainly the
result of the demand from that source. The :
close was at the low point of the day, with '
j May pork 374c, lard 174c and ribs 150174c ,
[ lower.
* The leading future* ranged as follows:
; Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
¦ Wheat No. 2 —
May 93Vi 95Vi 92H 92*i
I July (old) 91 91% SS»i 88%
July (new)..*. 89*; 00 S7 87»4
Sept (old)...... 84*i 84T4 82 S2=»
Sept (new) S3^ S3»i 81 81%
• Corn No. 2 —
I May 51% 53T-4 61 V4 611&
July 50?% 5Hi 4S-, 49^
September 50Vi 50% 4S4 4S4
Oats No. 2 —
May 40H iO-% 39 30"*
i July 3$^ 39^ 3SU 3*14
September 334 33H 325; 33
Mess Pork, per bbl—
I May 13 40 13 70 13 25 13 25
i July 13 SO 13 924 13 45 13 45
Lard, per 100 lbs—
t May 70O 705 B 824 « S24
t July 7 15 7 20 7 024 7 024
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May 'flDO 6 97»$ C 75 6 77K
July 7 05 7 10 6 5"H 6 90
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, March IS. — Cafth quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat.
MVQOfic: No. 2 red. 02g97>4c: No. 2 corn, 50%c;
No. 2 yellow. ClHc: No. 2 oats. SS'K.fgSOc; No.
5 white, 42043c; No. 2 rye. 694070c; good
feeding barley, 38ff"41c: (air to choice malting,
40©55c; No. 1 flax*eed, $10S4; No. 1 North
western, $114; prime timothy seed. $3 124:
mes? pork, per barrel. $13 2501.*: 374: lard, per
ICO lb«. $6C5©«674: short rib* sides Ooo»).
] SC .10156 624; short clear sides (boxed), $7 25«
! 7 37U; whisky, basis "of high wines. $1 2b;
clover, contract grade, $11.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 47.400 29 600
Wheat, bu.»hels. 37.100 61,3(^0
Cora, bushels 211.200 134,600
Oats, bushels 250,000 19-",20O
Rye. bushels 17,100 10,600
Barley, bushels 77,000 3O.4GO
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, March 18.— On the- Produce Ex
rhanRe to-tlay the butter market was steady.
Creamery. 14023 >&c; dairy. 134021c. Eees.
13Hc Cheese, steady. 104011c.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, March 18.— CATTLE— Receipts',
13C0. Slow. Good to prime steers, $5 2505 75;
poor to medium. $-1 5065: stackers and feeders.
$2 30©4 23;. cows. $1 G0<S4; tfeifprn. $2 23»4 50
canners $1 C0«S2 CO: bull*. »2 2504; calves. $3®
6 25: Texas fed steers. $453.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 23,000; to-morrow
15.0C0. Sleady, 5c lower. Mixed and butch
ers. $3 2003 40; good to choice heavy, $5 230
5 50; rough heavy. $3 2T>S5 35; light, $4 SOii
5S5: bulk of sales. $5 2305 40.
SHEEP— Receipts. 6000.' Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. $4 25425 25
fair to choice mixed. $3 50®-* 50: Western
?he«p. $3 20{j5 25; native lambs, $4 5003 50;
Western lambs, $405 75.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CORN* — Offerings continue small and th« mar
ket rules firm.
Western sacked, fl 37*j91 40 for Yellow, i
Jl 35®1 37% for White and $1 30 for Mixed; j
Calfornla large yellow. $1 4O®I 45: small
tountf do. $1 43©1 50; White. «1 374-81 424
p«r ctl: Egyptian. $1 4331 50 for white and
*1 27481 30 for brown. -*"-•, -'
RYE— 11 3Cfll 324 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Jl 7562 per ctL
Flour and Millstuffs.,
FLOUR— California Family Extras. %i 90^
6 10. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 70tJ5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S*S4 23
per bw. /
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per ICO lbs;
Rye Flour $3 25: Rye Meal. S3; Rice Flour.
<7; Corn Meal, $3 23; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy. $404 23; Buckwheat
Flour "$4 50© 4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 73; Fa
rina, $1 SO; Whol* Wheat Flour. $1 SO; Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 25gS 6O; In sacks. $S 7309 10:
Pearl Barley $C; Split Peas, boxes. |7; Gre«n
Peas. $3 50 per ICO lbs.
Hay andFeedstutfs.
Bran. Shorts and Middlings are now reported
weak. Offerings of liran are larger and the
stuff is depressed by the growing green feed,
j and handlers report that any pressure to sell
j would probably lower prices. Rolled Barley
is higher In eympathy with the raw grain.
Hay ranges as for some days cast, with a
quite and fairly supplied market.
BRAN— tl9©20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— tr; 50^29 per ton. -V
SHORTS— »19@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. I24Q25 per
I ton; Oilcake Meal at tha mill. J29 5O-g.il:
1 Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. S22f?23: Cora [
! Meal. $29 50330 50; Cracked Corn. I30-8U1;
I Mixed Feed. $22e23; Hor»« Beans. *W©
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ell.
HAY— Wheat. $14^17 50; Wheat and Oat.
$14^16 50; Oat. $14 50610; Wild Oat. J13#13;
Bartey {13915; Stock, nominal — none here;
Alfalfa' $12813 50..
STRAW— 00-370C per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is no further change ia Beans, the
market being quiet and featureless.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35©2 50; Pea. $3©3 23;
{ Butters. $3 50@3 73: small White. $3@3 15;
large White. *2 €5#2 75; Plak. $3 20©3 35;
: Red. $4 50>@5: Lima $3 2W?3 35; Red Kidneys.
i $4 30£3: Blackeye, $2 15-&2 20 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2®2 50.
I SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 754*4; Yellow
Mustard. $30.3 25; Flax $1 SO01 90; Canary.
64«J5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa 14314%c; Rape. 1
1 l»-4©2c; Timothy. e©64c; Hemp. 3ViS34c per ]
> lb: Millet. 3®34c; Broom Corn Seed. $20<j?21 '
I per ton.
•DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25©2 50 per cU. ]
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were light, being less
than 1000 sacks, but the market had an easy
tone and prices of table kinds were lower, as
dealers were anxious to dispose of poor quality
offerings, which have been accumulating on
the wharves for some days. Onions were weak
I and the top quotation' was obtained only for
} selected lots. Offerings in. original packages
j consisted chiefly cf "sprouts." which were hard
to sell, even at the Inside rate. What few
Australians were left in first hands were offer
ing at $3 25©3 50 per cental.
Receipts ot Asparagus were light, be in*, less
1 than one-half the quantity received on the pre
ceding day. and as there was a fair Inquiry
for shipment on the Portland steamer prices
wt»re ttrnur. Los Angeles Peas were easier
owing to the abundance and comparatively low
prices of the bay article. Receipts of Rhubarb
from the Growers' Association were light, but
the market was amply supplied with carried
over stock and several lots received from out
side growers were offered at a sharp decline.
Sales at the top quotation were rare, meet deal
ers being satisfied to clean up at cost. The
other vegetables were in moderate supply and
prices were unchanged. There were 52<J boxes
of Tomatcea and 50 bo*es of Chile Peppers re
ceived from Mexico by steamer.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 95c@
$1 13 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 15<§1 33
per ctl; Biver Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed. 70c£$l i>er ctl:
Garnet Chiles, $lgl 10 per ctl; Early Rose,
H 4Ogl €0 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, nominal;
new Potatoes. 3^3^c per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 2S©2 50 per ctl for Or
egon and $2 75@2 S3 for Nevadan; Green.
Oniora. 50£l0c per box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 10>gl24c per lb
for extra. S*S10c for No. 1 and 6-&.hc for No. 2:
j Rhubarb. $1 50®2 25 per box; Green Pea3. »@4c
per lb for Los Angeles and 4@6c for bay:
String Beans, 15@2uc per lb; Tomatoes, $19
j 1 CO per box or crate for Los Angeles and
$1 2301 75 (or Mexican; Summer Squash from
Los Angtles, -^— per box; Cabbage.
$1 10 per ctl: Carrots. COc per sa=k;
Hothouse Cucumbers. $lfil 25 per dozen:
I Garlic. 5©6c per lb; Egg Plant. 15«20c
i p«r ?b; Dried Peppers. 5©9c per lb for Stock
! ton and 10@124c for southern: Dried Okra,
I lOgl24c Der lb; Green Peppers. 15®25c per
! lb: Mushrooms, 15@25c per lb: Marrowfat
j Squash. l@l%c per lb; Hubbard. %c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Trading In Poultry was quiet, as most retail
ers were well supplied with Western stock,
five cars of which have been marketed since
! Monday. Prices of dome-tic were well sus
j talned, as the receipts were very light owing
to the recent rain. Three cases of dressed
Turkeys came in and sold at 19-g22c. per
pound. -Game was in fair request At previous
prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16013c per lb:
Geese, per pair. *2@2 25; Goallngs, $2S2 25:
Ducks. $5 3«.:ixti SO per dozen for old and *0 5""J
7 50 fur young; Hens. $6 50<g7 SO for large and
$5 SCStf for small: young Roosters. $6 5O@7 30;
old Roosters. $'.'o5 50; Fryers. $5 3006; Broil
ers. $303 30 for large and $4 3005 for small;
Pigeons $1 25@1 30 per dozen (or old and $2 23
<?2 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geese. $3 per dosen: Whin
: Geese. $lf?l 25: Brant. $1 50 for small and $1
, for large; Honkers. $405: English Snipe. $3 SO;
j common Snip*. $1 50; Wild Pigeons, $1 50:
; Rabbit*. $1 &C-§2 for Cottontails and $101 23
(or Brush; Hare. $101 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market is now r»r>orted in satis
factory shape for sellers. At the present ran«e
of prices the goods are moving off very well.
and though supplies are ample there is no ac
cumulation. The tendency ln receipts, however,
is to increase, as usual at this time of the year.
Cheese 1* no weaker as far as choice grades
are concerned, but dealers are beginning to
{ complain of the abundance of old and inferior
stock, which cannot be moved at any price.
Quotations remain about the sam*.
The Eesr market is quiet and without par
ticular feature. It Is kept In a condition of
unrest and uncertainty by the operations of
speculators la Sonoma County, who are bidding
against one another to get supplies for cold
storage, basing their contracts on newspaper
quotations. This leads all parties concerned
to use their utmost endeavors to mold the
newspaper quotations this way and that to suit
their private purposes, and the result Is con
fusion. The quotations below represent the
San Francisco market, as previously stated.
Receipts were 59,300 lbs Butter, 1633 cases
Eggs and 41.500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 214*0
22c for extras, 20®21c for firsts and' lS©l*s
for seconds; dairy. l.*Q20c; store Butter, nom
inal; cold storage. 20@21c for extras. 19-9l9e
for seconds and 16@18c for ladle- packed.
CHEESE— 8469c for good to choice new
and 7@Sc for lower grades; Young Americas,
94010c; Eastern, 13016c; Western. 14013c
per lb.
UGGS — Ranch, 17018c (or good to choice and
19c for large white selected; store, 150l«i4c
per dosen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fntits.
Receipts of Oranges were light and etocks
of choice lots showed considerable decrease,
but the market was dull as there was very
little doing in the shipping lice and the wants
of local buyers had been well satisfied dur
ing the active trading of the two preceding
days. There was not much Interest mani
fested in the auction sale and the bulk o(
the offerings were bousht . back by the man
agers of the auction company. Five cars'
were sold as follows: Extra fancy Redlands,
$1 2.VS2: ordinary fancy. 75c@$l 23; choice,
C3C§$1 20; standards. 30c£$l. As usual the
top quotation for extra fancy was obtained
only for a few boxes of" desirable sizes a
steamer arrived with 342 cases of Mexican
Limes and prices were lower, as the next
steamer is expected to bring heavier sup
plies. Pineapples were selling at an' advance.
Stocks of Bananas and Apples were well
tip to requirements and prices stood as pre
viously quoted.
APPLES— $1 73«2 23 per b«x for extra fancy
$1 25©1 50 icr ordinary fancy. S3^8$l for
choice and 33<?e5c for common.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges $1©^
per box for fancy and 50cQ$l 25 for standard
to choice; Tangerines, 73c0$l 25 per box-
Lemons. $1 "1.02 50 for fancy. $1 2igi 50 tor
[ choice and 75c0$l (or standard: Grape Fruit.
»1 2302 50; Mexican Limes. $30«; Bananas
*lfi- r.er -tur.ch lor Hawaiian and $1 Um+tS>
for Central American; Pineapples, $2§5 50'
per dozen.
Dried FntitsJ^uts^Raisins^oney.
FRUIT— Apricots. SHeiO^c for Royals and
9«12c lor Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4U«
5%c; kun-dried, 3%64'ic; Peaches. 5-U7iT c -
Pears. 651H : c; Nectarines. &634c- Flnl
white. 3d4c in boxes; black, 4»ic: Plums, pit
ted fi€Sc per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2V402Sc for the four
¦tees.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades. 5O-Ib cases 2
cn.wn Loose Muscatels. 5«;c per lb:
3-rrowa. 5Sc: 4-erown. «4c: Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4\»c: Seedless floated. 44c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c: 3-crown Malaga loose 3\,c:
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 44c: Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 5Hc Layers, per 20-
Ib box — &-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Debesa dusters. $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusttr*
1 taken ts increasinr the likelihood of an early
out-go cf rolil to Paris. There was moderate
activity In the bend market, and the tone was
irrepu'-ftr. Total sale*. $2,710,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on, call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
AU:h:Eon 27,300 «i»Hl 67 67 H
Atchison j>fd .VjO 9<)i« 00 S»Vl
Baltimore ec Ohio.. 30. &A} 7»*4 77^ 77>«i
Bait &: Ohio pfd bSV»
Canadian Pacific.. 5.900 114 113 112%
Central of N J 2>X) 13» 15S 150
Ches & Ohio 1.4W) 31 30& 31
Chicago a=d Alton 100 *0«, 39S 3*«4
Chi Sl Alton rfd... 100 f2 fc2 SI
Chi & Gt Western. 400 15 14»i 14%
Chicago * N W... 100 166^ 166^ 166
Chi. Mil &. St Paul 42.9OO 143^ 141'H 142-4
C M & Sl P p£d.. 1<W 17SVi 17s^t 17S
Chi Term & Trans 1U0 10H H>S ii%.
Ctl T & T pfd 100 20%t 20»i So 1^
C C C A St Louis. JX.iO 7CH 76*, 74
Colorado Southern. TOO 1S;» IS 4 17 ?*
Cclo So 1st pfd 200 64 54 &>4
Colo So 2d p£d.... 700 26H 23 24 4
Dei & Hudson ... 1.500 150Hi 149 T^ 14»»^
Del Lack & West '. 2»jo"
Denver & Rio Gr.. 100 19 V4 19 S l'J*i
Den & Rio Gr pfd. 200 6$i, 6S4 e7S
Eri« 21,800 23S 24^» 24*j,
Erie 1st pfd l,ax> 64* 4 63^ 63\
Erie 2d pfd 1.700 41h 41 40 fc
Kocking Valley 74
Hock Valley pfa... 100 79 79 79
Illinois Central ... 6U> 12S% 12Sii 12s
Iowa Central 19
Iowa Central pfd 36
K C Southern 30O lsS lf>H 1~ r ±
K C Southern pfd.. 200 33 33 333j
Loulsr & Naahv.. 4,700 1C4 S 4 103% 103^
Manhatun L 5.40O 143^ 142^ 143
Metropol Securities 4<» 764 78 77
Mtt Street Railwy 4,100 lVji t IO614 IOS14
Mica & St Louis 56
M Et P i 8 S M.. 100 61*4 61H 61
M SP & SS M pfd 3l»> 122 119!* lls
Missouri Pacific .. 22.1k«> »1% »<)^ &OH
Mis Kans & Tesas 2,7<X> IS"-* 17V* 17"-*
il K& T p'd l,*>xi S9 3S 38
N R R of Mex pfd 100 37 37 3tJ"4
N W Central l.Sw 116H 115% 116
Norfolk & West.. 2,10<> 57H 56T, 56%
Nor & West pfd... 2u> S9 h'J &5
Northern Securities }>y
Ontario & Western 3.S<)O 21H 20 T 8 20%
Pennsylvania M.'-n. H6». 115% 113=*
P C C & St Louis. 200 62' 61 62'
Heading 36,50<J 434 *- 42\
Ptading 1st pfd... 300 7s»4 7S»4 7h^i
Reading 2d pfd 10<> 5S 5S 57
Rock Island Co 7,400 21 *i 20\ 21
Rock Island Co pfd 61.3UO 624 62 61*4
St L 4 S F li pfd ' 70O 434 42=* 424
St Louis S %V 3<jO 14 1» 14 14'
Ft Louis S TV pfd. 5Oi) 341, 32a^ 32
Southern Pacific .. 27.1 UO 48' 44 V 4 4 -i
Soothern Railway. 2JX» ' 21 S0i 4 . 2l7ii
Southern Ry pfd.. 1.200 Mi, " m' 83^
Texas tc. Pacific... 1,400 24 23V1 U3 1 !*
Tel St L & West 24
T St L & W pfd.. 700 37 S34 36
L'nion Pacific G6.600 7«?4 75V t 73%
Union Pacific pfi.. lot) k$% »«% m^
Wabash lt» 1» 19 l.st,
Wabaah pfd 3.OOO 3CH 35 35
¦Wheel & Lake E i«u
Wisconsin Central. 100 l£% 1S% 1S%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 100 424 <24 42
Express Companies —
Aiiama 225
American 100 190 lt>ft is3
United States 1C>O 103 1C3 103
205
Mirctllanecus —
Amal Corper 23.£00 4SS 46'^ 47Vs
Am Car & Fr.dry.. 2C> 20 19r 4 194
¦ Am C & F pfd 2W) 71 «» 71, 704
Ara Cotton Oil 29
Am Cctton Oil pfd. 88
An Ice 700 7H 7 7U
Am Ice pfd 1.700 294 28 2SV*
Am Lin**ed OH 100 9 » 84
Am Ltnse*d Oil pfd 2»V
Am Locomotive 1.100 224 22'i 22
Am Locomotive pfd 100 K" 8 62'* W^
Am Prcelt & Rfng. 1.C00 4a 47" 8 47* 4
Am S & R pfd 7<X)' W)i S14 J.l» 4
Am Sugar Rfr.g.... 15.4H0 126H 125 l i 125
Anaconda Min Co.. IC10 0C\ 6»;% C3
Brooklyn R T 4. UK) 43- t 42»» 424
Colo Fuel & Iron... 4<K> 2*4 2$H 2S
Consolidated Gas 1.200 194 1924 19.1>4
Corn Products 7,100 13", 134 l.iu.
Corn Products pfd. 300 72 70 V» O T «
Distillers' Secur 234
Ger.eral Electric... 1.100 1C7 164% 165
Inter Paper 11
Inter Paper pfd 64
Inter Hurr.p 38
Inter Pun-.p pfd 74
National Lead 200 14!i 14?i • 144
North AraTican , 834
Pacific Mail 28
PeopJe's Gas 2,100 07 964 9G?i
Pressd St«el Car.. 200 30 204 29
Pressed st Car pfd. 100 70 70 70
Pullman Palace Car 209
Republic Ste«! 700 8 7»i 7*i
R»pubi!c Stetl pfd. 2-XJ 434 424,, 43'
Rubber Oryxis 5<JO 194 194 1»
Rubber Goods pfd ; 70U
Tenn Coal <c Iron.. 3.0W S3 37 »i " 374
t: S Leather 200 7 L i 7»i 7
U S Leather pfd... ICO 7S 7S 77 4
U S Realty 6V.
i: £ Realty pfd 600 45 1 * 47»i 474
D S Rubber S00 134 12% 12%
U S Rubber pfd... 800 51 4 51 51 '
O S Steel 7.2O) ll*i llU 114
U S fieel pfd 67.800 5S% 57»» 57%
Westinghouse Elec. 1,100 181 161% 160%
Western Union 87 tj
Tctal tales 53S.9C0 shares.
UNITED RAiLROADS OF hAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. March IS. — Bond transactions
I In United liailroads of San Francisco: 20,000
at f»K.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Comnaa, bid 4 l i. asked 44; preferred, bid
33*4. aiked 39^.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2i r»g..lO5 ;L & N unified U. 0SV4
Do coupon 103>iiMan con gold 4s.loa%
Do 2» reg 100^,1 Mex Cent 4* <S3
Do coupon 106>i Do 1st inc 1315
Do new 4_i rcg. 132V-I Minn & St L 4s. 95'
Do coupon 13^*iiM. K & T 4s 97%
Do old 4i reg..lOtS»i; Do 2d« 774
Do coupon 107=i!NR of Mex con 4s 75'
Atch gen 4s 100%lNT C gen 34s.. 0754
Do aij 4~s 88%iN J C cen 0s....l2STi
AtJanUc C L 4s. U2V,\ Nor Pac 4s 103U
Bal & Ohio 4s 101»J Do 3s ..: 71
j Da 3»Ss PTUlXor & W con 4s. 98
Central of Ga CslOS^-OSL 4s & parttc. D2«
Do l*t Inc CO .'Pa conv 3^s ».->%
CJv-s & Ohio 4H«.lCl>|iIi»adtr.g gerf 4s.. !<3»;
CM A Alton 34s. 7<i j&L & I M con 5*.1I3
C B & Q new 4s. 02tm;S L & S F fg 4*. 8lU
t;.M & BF gen 4s.lO7 j St Louis SW lsta. 9:-L
I C & KVf can 7s. 123 4 i Seaboard A L 4s. 03
C. H I & Pac 4s. Cj'iJSo Pao 4s SS^
Do col Tim 77^'Bo Railway 5* ll*»ii
f.C.C t. SLgn 4». 33 ITex tc Pac lilts.. 110
OJ Trrm 4* SO (T St L A TV* 4; 70
Ccn- Tol«aceo 4s. 5S j Union Pac 4s 103T'
Colo & So 4s.... S3*il Do conv 4s.. » Jmjv,
C ? & I 5» 70 IU S Steel 2d 5s. 7iS
Den & Rio G 4s. 9$ jWabash lsts ...
Eri-.» ;>rior lien 4<i. 87 J i' Do deb B . J.
I>o Ken 4* S4%;W & L Erie 4s.. '
F W & D C l*t*.:njii| Wls Cent 4s «i«
Hockinp Vat 4»i«.104H
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Coa 23i Ontario 4 k»
Alice SO.Opblr 173
Breeoe lu!Pho«nix c<5
Com Tunnel C*|PotosI 27
Con Cal & Va... 1 ?'.;s*\-age 70
Hem Hilver 1 25; Sierra Ner 64
Iron Silver 2 10. Small Hope* ~o
Leadvill* Con C2| Standard •> m
Llltle Chief CCJ
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Mcrey — |U S Sir*l n»V
C«U loan* 2404 t>o pfd 37%
TiTn-p loans. ... 44*53!-}' W«-*tlnK Comir.on. 80
Bonds — I Mining —
Atrbtsoa 4e CS^lAdVt-ntur^ J:
Xy> cdj.43 SS |AUotie» 3^
Mix Cent 4s 61 I Amal -Copper .... 47
Raihoads- i Amer Zinc = 7JJ
Atchison 6714! Atlantic 7
r.Do PM 00 iBlnEham 19«
Boston & Alhany.243 | Calumet & Hecla.4i9
l^ston & Ma!ne.lf« (Ctntennial 1CT«
Boston Eler . . . .lM^jCorper Range 40?i
I itchburg pfd 137 Inaly V,*e*t 30H
"..^ Centra! •••- lOvs.'Dom Coal ,.. 57%
; i« T. N H & H..ir>> |Frs>nk!in 7
Pere Marquott-.. 78 |Grar.cy 2T4
Lnion PacMe.... 734!I.«I e Royale 7Vi |
Miscellaneous— I Mass Mining 3%
Amer Ars,e Chem. 13 I Michigan- 4V* !
Do pfd 7i j Mohawk 33U
Amer Pn-u Tube. 4 Mont Coal & C... ZVj
Arc-r S-.ig«r . . . .lSS^'dld Dominion ... 9' ; 4
Do Pfd 124 | Osceola 97
Amer Tel £ -Te!.122>4! Parrot 22
Amer Woolen 10HIQu!ncy £**
Do pfd 74*-, ; Shannon ." 7K
Dom Iron & S... SsjlTamarack 92
Ed Elect Ilium.. 2T.0 (Trinity 4U
Gen Electric 1G4 [U R Mining 21 «-i
Mas«3 Electric 19 |u S Oil 8W
W D « P« 72qiUtah 3-llA
Mass Gas ass; | Victoria 3 "
Ln Shoe Mach... 4fi\|\rinona 5U .
, Do Pf'J 2S>4 1 Wolverine CO*;
Lnlted Fruit 9^
London Closing Stocks. .
Cons for money.. 865i| N Y Central imi"
Do for aect..S6 ll-lC|Nor & Western.. 54U
Anaconda 3^1 Do pf.i S9
Atch'son raHIOnt & Western.. 21*6
Do pfd 92"; ! Pennsylvania «)*4
Ba! & Ohio SOUlP.anri Mines . fli,;
Can Pacific llfi 14! Heading 21%
f>>e« & Ohfo ."32 ! Do 1st pM 4O '
Chi Great W>st.. 15^' Do 2d r>*d *>flU
Chi, Mil & St P.I 17%) So Railway 21 %[
De Beers 10^' Do pfd CfiU.
Don & Rio G.... 20 !So Pacific 4<5i;
Do pfd 70*4! Union Pacific ... 7?ii
I-He M14 Do P?d 06
Do 1st rfd C6 |U S Steel UTi
Do 2.J pfd 42 I Do rfd «>'
III Central 131 JJ ! T\-afcai=h 19',i
Louis & N.vOi...T7>7V Do pfd 37
M. K & Tfxas.. X8H1
Bar silver— Steady.' 2C 3-16d per ounce
Money— 2#G2\ per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
I short bills is 3 per cent and for three months'
bills 2 15-1C33 per c«nt.
Bank Clearings
NEW YORK. March IS.— The following
table, compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank
c;*arirrs at the principal cities for the week
ended March 17. with the percentage of In
crease and decrease as compared with the" cor
responding week last year:
PerCt. PerCt.
-„ _ Inc. Dec.
New York J1.047.2S9.479 .. 22 9
{Chicago 167.628.005 1.2 i
i B-ston ll. < s«34,446 Vo
Philadelphia .... 90.736.111 77
St. Louis M. 838,428 2« 3
Pittsburg 35.Mi.385 ...'. 36'i
San FrancUco .. 29.902.142 57
Baltimore 23.200.wm 6 4
I Cincinnati 20 912 250 3**
I Kansas City 2it.4O4.S45 i3*9
New Orleans .... 2», 293 221 65 6
Cleveland 13.27o.!«sJ ...'. ifls
Minneapolis 14.457,515 20.3
Detroit 9.3»>4.610 '3*4 !
LouirvlII« 10,675.801 ' « 0 ]
Omaha 7.G0B.S07 . 4*7
Milwaukee 8.133.S«5 13.8
Providence 6.6t>}.-00 8 0
Buffalo ' 6.24S.2O2 12.5 . .
Indianapolis 5.470.177 2 9
St. Paul 5,8x6,548 3.9
Los Aneeles 6,831.635 1.1
St. Joseph 5,433.0*3 13
Denver 4.187,437 4 5 ;.-.•
Columbus 4.1SS.10O 8.3
Memphis «,0O1.175 51.1
I Seattle 4.O9O.976 . . 1 si
Richmond 4.583.6SS IS. 9
Washington 3.763,509 3.9
Savannah 2.937,113 22.1 !
Albany 3.260 015 12.6
Portland. Or 3.4S3.1S1 3.1
Fort Worth . 2.871,662 3 5
Toledo. Ohio :... 3,nR4.G31 6 3 !
Salt Lake City... 2.670.747 4.5'
Peoria 2.854..TS2 11.1
Atlanta 3,415, TOO 19.3
Rochester 2.2^,127 3.5 ....
Hartford 2,el7,64S 11.4
Nashville 2.4oS.85-3 3.3
Des Moines 2.67(1.340 5.1 ....
Spokane, Wash... 2.442.792 14.8 '
Tacoma 2.124. 096 2.6
Grand Rar! is ... l.«76.733 6.4
Xew Haven 1,72<5.1G9 5.3
I Scranton 1.528,774 6.7 ....
Dayton 1.645.041 3.9 I
Norfolk " 1.673.558 3.1 ....
Springfield, Mass. 1.49S.0S2 4.7 ....
Worcester 840. 341 * 39 5
Portland. Me.... 1.407.751 0.« . . .
Augusta, Ga 1.487.925 12.3
Topeka «1S,97« 65 8
Sicux City 1.2O5.409 17.1
; Syracuse 1.168.842 .... 5 6
Kvansville 1.128.713 3.0
Birmingham 1,207.471 2.1
Wilmimrton. Del. 1,107,017 0.6 ....
KrexTille 1.103,039 2.9
Davenport 1.0»j4.24S 32.8 ....
Little Rock 1.113.3(33 27.6 I
Wllkesfcarre 7S2.0S6 .... 12.1
Kail River 785,723 i.8.1 i
Maccn 1.OO1.00O 2?. 2
! 'Wheeling. W. Va. 6»n.6S4 -3.11
Wichita 1.G81.043 31.0 !
Aknm 631.000 .... 13.1 !
Chattanoopa M9.922 21.7 '
Springfield. Ill TW.S2S 13.0 j
Kalamazoo. Mich. C7O.11S 6.8 ;
Youngjtown 515.873 .... 17.8!
Helena 5«*c?.2:>7 45.4 .. .
Islington 779.011 15.1 1
Fargo. N. D 431.034 8.1
New Bedford 454.035 19.1 |
1 Cantcn. Ohio 519,000 .... 2.1 i
I Jackfonvllle, Fla. 1.023.SR4 l»n.7 !
Lowell 416.C27 17.6
j Chester. Pa 374.333 6.S :
Creensburg. Pa... 307.720 20.4!
Rockford. Ill 549.700 14.9 j
Blnichamton 40T1.40O 6.5
gprlnirfield. Ohio. 412.796 • 6.1
Bioomirlgt'-n. 111.. 35*5^31 6.7 |
Quincy Iil 413.631 Q.3 \
Sioux Falls S. D. 272.007 3.4
Mansfield. Ohio... 224.3S2 24.4
Decatur 111 295.401 17.0
Jacksonville. 111.. lS7.n5.1 ..#. 30.5
Fremont. N»hr. .. 14S.899 S.6
•Houston 11.749.»tM 4.3
•Galveston 8.749.000 2.S
Charleston. S. C. 1.23«.74!> 5.5
Cedar Rapids .... 446.SC9
Total*, r. P.$1.^47.O73.25.S 14. S
Outside N. Y. 799.783,779 .... l.S
CANADA.
Montreal $15.!>67.r>»4 30.9
Toronto 12.KK).C7« 20.4
Winnipeg 4.058.135 12.7 !
Ottawa 1.2S9.6rt5 72.2 ....
Halifax 1.63S,8«6 ;
Quebec t.190.187 .... 10.5
Vancouvor, B. C. 1.173.U4 9.S
j Hamilton ... 000.1.17 5.S j
Lorni-n. Ont 733.3-T3 16.8,
St John. N. B... 743.570 13.2
! Victoria, B. C 543.649 S.C
Totals. Can.. f41.494.S95* 21.2
•Not included in totals because containing :
other items than clearings.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. March IS.— The cotton futures
market c-Dened weak at an advance of 5 points
on April, but generally unchanged to 17 points
lower on further boar pressure and liquidation,
in of better cables than exoected and
smaller estimates for the day's receipts. There
was continued pressure against the market,
and wbile. during the afternoon there were
frequent sharD rallies, prices cradually went
down «nd down.
Toward 2 o"clock. when margin Drices are
made up. May was selling around 14.80 cents
This re:>n-sw5t(?<i a decline since the hleh
point or only a fevr days ago of about 1S5
points, or nearly $9 25 a bale. Tills evidently
was mom than the bullish interests cduld
finance, asd just before 2 o'clock the suspen
sion of D. J. Sully & Co was announced Im
mediately the market vras plunged into the
i wll'lfst scene of demoralization. Brokers w»r«
ra^iic-ftricken. aod cotton came oourlnc out"
with and without orders. The market went
down as thoush there was no bottom to it.
No one ceeiried to care cbout buyine but
evrrj' oae wanted to nell. Th€- big bear*, who
ever they have been, a little over a week ago
may have boujeht some cotton, but they were
carrful not to buy too actively, and before the
dr 1 line was checked even May had sold down
to 12.C3 cent« and July to 12.80 cents. This
wan a le*s. as compared with last night's
closing price?, of from 250 to 260 points or
about $12 50 a bale. TJie decline from the
high point reached on the close of last week
1 was about 4 cents a sound, or about $20 a
"ule.
Just before tbe close covering helped prices
somewhat, and the market was finally ateady
at a net decline of 62 to 190 points, with May
closing at 13.37 cents and July at 13.3S cents
Sales were estimated at 1.5C0.00O bales.
In spite of the recent ssvere declines and re
ports concerning the Jarre line held by the
Bully interests, it may br> eaid that the su*-
I pension came as more or less of a surprise to
the ceneral , trade. The Sully holdings are
variously estimated. Local traders rtcently
have detected the existence of a large interest
in May. which has been estimated at around
300.000 bale", and the bear drives in to-day's
j d>vclcrmejits is thought to have represented
the efforts of shorts to force the- lessening of
the bull crip on the May option, which, if
continued, must bave resulted seriously ; to
shorts.
New York Grain and Produce.,
NEW YORK, March 18.— FLOUR— Receipts,
Heavy buying cf Egg* for storage and ship
ping have caused* an advance In wholesale
rates, and retail prices are higher in conse
quence. There is no scarcity of supplies, how
ever. California Cheese is cheaper and . prices
may be lower before long, as the wholesale
markets are overloaded. Butter stands exactly
the same as quoted last week.
Most kinds of vegetables are la good supply
and several kinds are cheaper, particularly
Asparagus and Rhubarb. Seasonable varieties
of Fruits are in free supply and unchanged,
with plenty of Oranges to be had.
Fish, Meats and Poultry are still selling at
the familiar quotations. Game has changed
but little since last week. Wild Pigeons are
added to the list.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$—€10 CO'New
Seattle $—0 8 50 Wellington $—©10 00
Roslyn t—G 9 00 Wellington
Richmond ..$ — © 0 50 Nut S — © S 0O
Gret* $— if* 9 00 Coos Bay $-9 I SO
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter. cbolce.*q45@50! Cheese Swiss 2O£.°.5
Do good 35-§40| Ranch Eggs, dz.2O?25
Do packed,Ib.224®25|Common Eggs.— 31714
Cheese. Cal 124@l5i Honey comb 1b. — @20
Cheese. Eastern. 20@25| Do extracted.. 8^10
MEATS. PER POUNT>—
Bacon .. :.18@25iPork Sausage. -124@1*
Hams ie@lS Smoked Beef — «20
Lard ...12*4@— I
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective
Association gives the following retail prices
for meats:
Roast Beef...... 106201 Hlndqtr Lamb....l*e20
Tenderloin Steak.l5©18|Foreqtr Mutton. — 61'.' 4
Portrhse. do.l74©224 Le* Mutton — ©15
Sirloin S teak.. 12 H S 15! Mutton Chope 15@20
Round Steak. .. 10© 12 *it Mutton Stew.... 8©10
Eeef Stew — 610 Roast Veal 12^20
Corn Beef... S<910|Veal Cutlets..... 1&Q20
Soup Bones AQ — Veal Stew 12^^15
Soup Meat....... 5#10! Roast Pork.... .12^618
Lamb Chops — i?20iPork Chop*.. 15@18
Fereqtr Lamb.l3U@13t . .
POULTRY AND GAME—'
Hens. ea<ch C'J@30, Squabs, per pair. — ©60
Young Roosters. Rabbits. ' each.... 20^25
each .: .75d?$l|Hare. each .—©20
Old Roosters ,ea.50@65! English Snipe. dz.$l 50
Fryers, each — @75|Jack Snipe. doi.$2 50
Broilers, each. ,.50@<J5 Gray Geese each.4OgC0
Turkeys, per lb.25#27 White Gee«e. ea.l5©25
Ducks, each 75c®$l Braat. each 2OS40
G€ese. each.. — ©*l 50 Honkers, each. . .IO&h.i
Goslings ' ...?2 00 Wild Pigeons, dz.— g$2
Pigeons, pair. . . .—©50*
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears. ea.20#35j Dried Figs, lb— . 6^10
Almonds 15620|Grape Fruit, dz.75Ca$l
Apples 5® SJLtmes. doz 10©15
Cranberries, qt.. — ©23! Lemons doz 15@3i>
Pecans — ®20| Oranges, doz 20$50
Brazil Nuts 20® — (Pineapples- each. 25^50
Bananas doz 25#40i Tangerines doz. .15^20
¦Chestnuts 15©20| WalnuU. per lb. 15@20
Cocoanuts, each. — @10|
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb... S©15|Onlons. per lb 34*g4
Artichokes, doi . 3O@80i Okra. dried, lb...20@ —
Beets, dozen lO© — (Potatoes, old. lb.l &©¦,£%
Beans, white, lb. 5® — Do new * lb 4{? 5
Colored, per lb 5© — Do sweet, lb.. — @ 5
Dried Lima. lb.. — @ 6 Parsnips per dz.l5@20
Cabbage, each... 5£10 Radishes, iz bch.l3@20
Celery, head 5@10 Rhubarb, lb e@ 3
Cress, dz bunch.l — Sage, dz bnches.25@ —
Cucumber?. eaeh.lOal5 String Beans. lb.2u©25
Garlic 10® 12H', Summer Squash
Green Peppers, lb25@40| per lb i2Vjei3
Dried Peppers. . .10i@20! Sprouts, per lb.. 50 6
Egg Plant. lb..2W830( Spinach, per lb. — ©6
Green Peas. lb.. 6@ S! Thyme, dr bnchs.23®30
Lettuce, per doz.l5#30( Turnips, p«r doz. — @15
Leeks, dz bunch.l5<320J Tomatoes, lb 10gl5
Mushrooms. lb..23'g'40j
Barracouta ..... — ®15 Rockcod — 015
Carp 10®12*i Sea Bass — @13
Catflsh — «12i3 Smelts — @15
Codnsh — fil-'ji Soles 10@13
Flounders 10@ — Skates each 1O913
Halibut 15©— [Squid — <g—
Harrlng SSlOiTomcod 12^%@—
Mackerel — Q— Turbot 20^—
Do horse 15g — (Trout — @
Rockflsh — €12H! Brook Trout — @ —
Salmon, fresh... 15^20| Whiteflsh 10® —
Do smoked 15©25| Clams, gallon 60<£? —
Sardines 10® — I Do hardshell.Ib S©10
Shrimps — (eioj Crawfish lb — S15
Shad 10® — (Crabs, each 15®25
Striped Bass lftfT20f Mussels, lb 12H91"»
Perch 10©— Oyeters. Cal. 10O.4O(iM
Pompino — 6$2| Do Eastern. d«.30®40
Family Retail Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
-\Y:;- York Stock market lower.
Cotton breaks ami Sully, the bull leader, fails.
Local Stocks and Bonds quid cr and featureless.
Fractional, advance in Silver and Sterling Exduinge.
Wheel firmly held, but quiet.
Barley in active demand and higher.
• Oats, Corn end Rye firm and unchanged.
Hay steady. Bran zceak. Zi-ith larger offerings.
Beans and Seeds quiet at prcz'ious prices.
¦ Potatoes and Onions zreak and tending dbivnzvard.
Poultry quiet. Game in fair demand.
Oranges in lighter supply, but dull. Limes lozver.
Butter moving off well. Cheese quiet.
Eggs in active demand for speculative storage account.
Proz'isions zi'eak and quiet at previous prices.
Hogs and Fall Lambs higher. Beef and Mutton unchanged.
Standard Oil Company issues new list for Caudles.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Queenstown or Falmouth with 111.32S bushels
of whtat. ,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 18.— Wheat— One cent
lower. Bluestem. Sic; club. 73c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. March 18.— Clearings, $?24.777;
balances. JiM.554. .
TACOMA. March IS. — Clearings, $2SC,703;
balances. $56,953.
PORTLAND, March 18. — Clearings. $344,200;
balances. S95.U2O. _
SPOKANE. March 18. — Clearings, $334,S44;
balances, J3S.978.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, March IS. — The wool auction sales
which were to have been held to-day were
postponed on account of the prevalence of a
heavy fog.
WHEAT — Receipts, 15,023 bushels. Spot,
easv; Xo. 2 red. $1 OC'i elevator; No. 2 red.
51 CUVjQI C7'4 f. o. b. afloat; Xo. f Northern
Duluth. $1 OiK f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
a little higher en cables and small Northern
receipt*, but ea«ed off and later became de
moralized, under larger stop-loss selling," to
gether with a bearish Modern* Miller report,
closing l^stgC^c net lower. May closed 97%c;
July closed U2*ic: September closed S3%cl
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
JIIDKS— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
HOPS — Easy: State common to choice. 1903
crr.p. 2S@-3(5c; 1002 crop. 23327c; olds. 9@14c;
Pacific Coast. 1CC3 crop. 25@31c; 1302 crop,
23fl27c; olds. 0^14c.
6UOAR — Raw. firm; fair refining, 3c: cen
trifugal, <M te*t, 34c; molasses sugar, 2ftc;
refined, firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady; mild. st«ady.
The market -for coffee futures closed steady,
unchanged td 10 point* lower. Sales. 92.0CO
bags. May. 5.?O@5.35c; July. &.50@5.&5c; Sep
tember, 3.70Sr..S0c; December, 6.0OS6.15C.
It ts not gfn»rally believed that Sully & Co.
were interested to any material extent In the
coffee market.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market ft
firm with demand good and prices showing a
hardening tendency. Common, 4@5Vic; prime,
SHtf.'Hc: choice. 6<fGVic; fancy. 76714c
PRUNES continue to attract nothing more
than a moderate hand-to-mouth demand, and
th«- peteraJ tone is quiet. Quotations range
S'ifiGVJc according- to grades.
APRICOTS rule firm. Supplies are limited
and holders show a disposition to look for
higher prices. Choice are quoted at 9ty*n0c.
extra choice at 10H@10^c and fancy at 11
PEACHES hild steady to firm. Choice are
quote.1 at «u©74c, extra choice at 7HS8c and
fancy at 9%!gl0c.
Nezu York Metal Market.
NEW YftRK, MARCH IS.— Tin was again
hisher in the London market, advanced £ 1 10s
to £128 10s for spot and £128 12s 6d for fu
tures. The local market was firm at $2S 2*9
2S .».
Copper was unchanged In London, closing at
£57 '2k to tor fpet and £50 7s Cd for futures.
Locally copper was unchanged. Lake, $12 50tJ
12 75; electrolytic and casting. *i;> 37fc,<i
12 C24\
Lead advanced Is 3d to £12 In London, but
was unchanged here at $4 CO54 e5.
Spelter declined 2s 6d In London, closing at
£21 5s, but was unchanged here at $3^5 10.
Iron closed at Sis Cd in Glasgow and at
438 *4d in M'.ddlesbcro. Locally Iron closed
unchanged; No. 1 foundry. Northern. $1M*
15 50: No. 2 foundry. Northern. $14 50<gl5; No.
1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry, soft,
113 50(314.
2S.ICO barrels; exrerts 13,752 barrels; market
dull.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL'; SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
Business on the Exchanges
Quieter and Featureless.
There was nothing excitiruc on tne local
exchanges yesterday- On th* J-'tock and Bend
Exchange both bonds and share* were dull.
Chicago Board of Trade.
15
AUCTION SALES
£^ The Greatest Sa!e of the Seasca
AUCTION SALE OF
50 Head PERGHERON HORSES
These hcrses were carefully selected by on*
« tne greatest breeders of Norman-Percherjn
fcors *» »» California (William Brockman. Su-
sanvllle. Lassen County) and consist oi pure
.irJ?**** * nd Seldiag*, weighing from 13w>
to louu.
At same time wUl be sold one great trotter
and one beautiful carriajt? horse.
This Is the grandest lot of ¦ an-purpo*»
hcrse3 ever brought to San FrancUco.
All are nicely haJter brck« and a great many
of them broke to harness. They are ail fat
and ready to go right to work. A car»ul in-
spection of this lot is earnestly requested. To
be wM on
MONDAT EVENING. March 21. 1304.
At 7T4O o- clock, at
&ALESTARD. 1732 Market St.. car. Van
Ness ave.
Write for catalosues.
Horses at yard March 17.
FRED H. CHASE ft CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.- The overworked * Eye. the faded Eye,
the- red and inflamed Eye, the Eye that
needs care, relieved by Murine Eye
Remedy.- No- smarting. - ••
\Vailswortli Sues Grain Dealers.
Henry Wadsworth, , receiver for Ep
pinger & Co., the bankrupt grain firm,
yesterday filed a suit for $5750 against
the . firm of • Giryin .& Eyre and . G. W.
McNear. He claims the defendants re
ceived the money for,the benefit of the
Compliments Ills Office Force.
City Treasurer McDougald yesterday
sent a" communication to the Board of
Supervisors requesting . that' the ef
ficiency of his office force be left un
impaired ' in the fixing of j the next
budget. McDougald refers to the good
work being done by Chief Deputy De
voto, Receiving Teller Perkins,-Depu
ties Whitesides * and Tomalty, Book
keeper Wertheimer. and Clerk Hobro.
each of whom" is compelled to furnish
a bond.
Mary Mannering's New Vehicle,-.Writ
ten by Leo Dltrlclistein', Gives Her
; . Ample Scope to Show Talent. \
"Harriet's Honeymoon," the, play in
which Mary Mannering is to open a two
weeks' engagement at the Columbia
Theater nexfMonday evening, is said
to be one of the best laughmakers pro
duced,this season. 'It was written by
L<eo Ditrichstein, author of "Are You a
Mason?" and he has been ¦ successful
in producing mirth-provoking situa
tions in a consecutive and culminative
story.
An extra stupid German police in
spector is the chief mover in the fun
making arid he mixes thlng^s up in a
•fearful way. Miss Mannering portrays
the heroine, a young American woman
on her honeymoon trip in the father
land. She is said-to be supported by
the most excellent company r she .has
ever :had and it is understood, that her
management has | provided an elabor
ate and 'picturesque setting for the
three acts in which the comedy is
placed.- ¦-.;. ; ;' ......
During Miss : Mannering's engage
ment matinees will be given only on
Saturday and there willbe no Sunday
evening performances.
"HARRIET'S -HONEYMOON" SAID
TO BE A VERY FUNNY ; PL.AY
SAX DIEGO AGAINST HEARST.
Resolutions Are Adopted Opposing
Proposed Indorsement.
jrt SAN DIEGO. Cal., March 18. — A
meeting of the Democratic County
Central Committee was called this
evening for the purpose of giving ex
pression to the sentiments of the
Democracy of this county In the mat
ter of indorsing Hearst for President,
did fo in no uncertain terms. There
was a good representation and reso
lutions proposed by N. M. Hobllt of
Occanside were adopted as follows:
Whereas. It Is proposed by M. F. Tarpey of
Alanieda County to cause the Democratic State
Central- Committee at its meeting to be held at
Pan Francisco to-morrow to adopt a, resolution
indorsing tha candidacy of the Hon. William
Randolph Hearet for . the Presidency or the
United States; and. •
Whereas.'- The present members of the State
Central Committee have been selected upon th«
Issues of the last State campaign;
Resolved; By the Democratic County Cen
tral Committee of San Diegro County that the
present members of the State Central Commit
tee ilo not represent the Democracy of Califor
nia in the matter of indorsing any candidate
for the Presidency cf the United States, . •
Resolved, That , the members . of the State
Central Committee fjom San Dies* County be
and they are hereby Instructed to vote against
the adoption of said resolution. .
Rpsclved. further. That, on account of his
record in the last gubernatorial campaign, thia
County Central Committee does not consider
William Randolph Hearst a representative can
didate of the California Democracy for the
Presidency of the United States. :
The resolutions were telegraphed to
Gavin McNab, who holds the San
Diego proxies for the meeting to-mor
row. *v
mittee, fitting resolutions in respect to
the memory of Thomas J. Clunle, W.W.
Foote and W. D. English will be
adopted.
Among leading Democrats in the city
last night were A. Camurietti, Amador;
Thomas- Geary. " Sonoma; James H.
Budd, San Joaquin; . R. H. De Witt,
Siskiyou: A. B. Sanford, Mendocino:
Frank Freeman, Glenn, and ¦ J. B.
Curtln, Tuolumne.
A vigorous effort will be made in the
committee this afternoon for the adop
tion of a resolution recommending that
the State convention instruct the dele
gation from California to the St. Louis
convention to use all honorable means
to secure the nomination of Hearst for
President of the United States. Last
night the supporters of Hearst were
quite confident that the proposed in
dorsement would not encounter much
opposition. M. F. Tarpey and James H.
Budd are recognized as leaders of the
Hearst forces. ;. .
Wants City to Clean Streets.
The Laborers' Protective Union pe
titioned the Supervisors yesterday to
provide that the cleaning of streets be
done by the employes of the Board of
Works and that such employes be paid
a minimum wage ef $2 50 a day.
¦ * ¦
PlfO'e f"uri» for Consumption prevents srip
Sir's rnfumoniB. At rfrus^lrts. •
« o ¦
IROCjrOTS CLUB MEETS.— At a meeting of
the Irrxjucis C!ub held in Pythian Cant* last
eier.in a resolution was adoritwl voicing the
crr^ltion r-1 the organization to the pinpored
oifiira.r,c«- rmbibitirs: Ftr*»t meeting?.
titude of profound and hopeless melan
choly while his lawyers tried to con
vince the court that he was a
physical and mental wreck, and that
unless he were admitted at once to bail
he would become incurably, insane
forthwith or be carried out of Los An
geles-County's new jail a corpse.
- The millionaire was Colonel Grif
fith-J. Griffith, formerly Park Com
missioner of Los Angeles, now under
sentence of the Superior Court in that
city for shooting his wife, Christina
Griffith, .for which offense he- has been
sentenced to serve two years at San
Quentin and pay a fine of $5000. Pend
ing the decision of his appeal, which
cannot be heard In the Supreme Court
for more than a year, his attorneys had
sued out a writ of habeas corpus before
Justice McFarland for the purpose of
getting their client out on bail. Griffith
was brought into co.urt by Sheriff W.
A. White of Los Angeles County. His
petition was presented and argued by
ex-Judge J. F. McKinley, John T. Jones
and Earl Rogers. It was opposed by
the Los. Angeles District Attorney, J.
D. Fredericks. After hearing all that
was to be said on each side the court
denied the petition and sent Convict
Griffith back to his quarters in the Los
Angeles jail.
AFFIDAVITS GALORE.
Attorney . Jones opened ¦ the case for
the petitioner with the reading of a
batch of affidavits from y well-known
Los Angeles physicians. These experts
were called at the trial Mn- the attempt
of the defense to substantiate a. ple& of
insanity, but the jury refused to accept
their theory. They now deposed that
the month -passed since the trial had
produced grave changes for the worse
in the # condition of the prisoner, that he
was rapidly breaking down both , phy
sically and mentally, showing signs of
acute delusional insanity, and liable if
confined further in the jail to become
either a maniac or a dead man.
This was the burden of all the affida
vits, for they were as much alike as
peas in a pod. They were sworn, to by
Drs. E. M. Griffith, J. H. Crawford, H.
G. Bralnard, Robert V. Day, E. M. But
ler, Granville MacGowan and F. C.
Shurtliff. All had known the prisoner
for many years and all were convinced
that the only thing that could save hia
mind and perhaps his life ; was.. to get
him out of Jail and into a sanitarium, .
where he could have abundant open-air
exercise. Besides the affidavits • of. the
doctors Jones read that of A. W. Marsh,'
a detective, who declared that he had
been watching Griffith for weeks and
believed him to be sinking swiftly into
a state of complete collapse.
WHEX DOCTORS DISAGREE.
Jcmes rested. This gave District At
torney Fredericks a turn at the affi
davit business, and he at once pro
ceeded to square himself by reading
the depositions of Drs. George W.
Campbell, E. G. Goodman, J. W. True
worthy and W. W. Hitchcock. They
had known Griffith just as long as had
their professional brethren, .and -.they
were just. as positive in their beliefs.
They, declared that the prisoner was
in prime condition, both mentally and
physically, and that neither his life nor
his mind would be -endangered by
imprisonment in the Los. Angeles jail.
This belief was fortified by their ac
counts of a visit which all four of the
affiants had paid to Griffith in his cell
A millionaire convicted by. twelve of
his peers of a murderous assault sat in
the Supreme Court yesterday afternoon
guarded by a Sheriff, but nevertheless
chatting and laughing gayly with his
friends. He seemed. in the pink of phy
sical condition. His 'face, serene and
full-blooded, was as fresh and uncloud
ed as that of a child. Apparently" no
trouble cast its shadow. over his mind.
This was before the court opened. A
moment later, when the venerable Jus
tice McFarland had taken his seat upon
the bench, the prisoner sank into an at-
J".OO Raster* Crm tor $10 by Hunter. 1206
ilt.-Krt «t. J?»nd for cirroiar. *
Accused of Stealing Tools.
John St. John was booked at the
City Prison yesterday afternoon on
four charges of petty larceny. The
police say that he has a mania for
stealing carpenters' tools and they
had been looking for him for some
time.
ljrf Cabin! "The bread ¦with a flavor." A*k
j-cur £«_!«¦ — whoUsa:* — WCt» Dolores St. •
day before yesterday. The prisoner
had been stripped to the buff and the
medical men had gone over him as if
he had been a prizefighter on the eve
of the contest of his life. The only
unfavorable symptom manifested was
Griffith's own statement that since the
trial he had lost twenty pounds. There
upon they had weighed him and, find
ing that he pulled down the scales to
157 pounds, they duly certified to. the
court that for a man of 5 feet 6 Inches
that weight did not indicate the prox
imity of dissolution^ Finally they de
clared that he , was occupying a sunny
and well ventilated cell, 22x11 feet in
its dimensions, in the magnificent Jail
which is the pride of all citizens of
Los Angeles. * , •
Sheriff White's affidavit was also
read. Griffith is evidently his star
boarder at the jail. The prisoner, be
sides tenanting the best cell, is exempt
ed from eating the common fare pro
vided for the other jailbirds. The jail
kitchen is at his. disposal and he may
have the choicest viands cooked there
by the first chef of- the city. As a-re
sult of this style of living, the Sheriff
deposed, Griffith was always cheerful
and light-hearted. He made no com
plaints against his confinement. "In
fact, he had repeatedly thanked White
for providing him with such pleasant
surroundings.
WRIT DISMISSED. ~
After all these and other affidavits
had been read the lawyers talked for
an hour. Numerous "points" were
made on.- each side. The 'petitioner's
attorneys, however, based their argu
ment chiefly on the critical illness of
their client, while the District Attor
ney argued that the application for bail
should have been first presented on
its merits to Judge Smith, who tried
the case at Los Angeles, and that noth
ing- could justify Justice McFarland
in interfering : except' imminent danger
to the prisoner's life.
The aged Justice took this view. "If
you had made out a clear case," he
said, deciding the matter off-hand, "I
should admit this man to ball, but It
does not appear that he is In peril.
All the testimony is from- experts and
it is evenly balanced.- The petition is
denied and the writ is discharged."
The alleged physical wreck spent sev
eral hours in company with the Sheriff
In "doing" the "city before his train
left In the ¦- evening for r Los Angeles.
He did not manifest any signs of physf
cal or -mental weakness, but on the
whole seemed to be enjoying life im
mensely.,' . ••¦-;;'
LOS AXGELES CAPITALIST, WIFE
WHOM HE TRIED TO KILL AND HIS
TEMPORARY CUSTODIAN.
Fund to Replace Memorial Window.
A most unexpected but welcome
gift of $10 was recently received at
the Maria Kip Orphanage from a
at the Hollenbeck Hotel. Los
Angeles, who prevents special thanks
by signing himself "One intere?ted in
your work.'* . This will be made the
beginning of a special fund. to replace
the memorial window that was de
stroyed during the heavy storm of the
10th inst.. when so much damage was
done in San Francisco. The window
•was placed over the altar in the cha
pel by the late Mrs. Joseph Eastland
in memory of her little daughter,
•whose life ended so tragically. It is
earnestly hoped that others interested
in the orphanage may add to the sum
and make it possible in the near fu
ture for' the empty space to be again
made beautiful.
The early morning worshipers at St.
Dominic's Church yesterday were wit
nesses of an interesting ceremony, per
formed by Archbishop Montgomery.
Punctually at 7 o'clock Brother Raphael
Corcoran, Brother Basil Kenny and
Brother Antoninus Lewis presented
themselves at the sanctuary and with
profound and elaborate exercises the
Archbishop raised the three young Do
minican students to the order ofthe
eub-deaconate.
Assisting Archbishop • Montgomery
•wore Rev. S. F. Welsh. ReAv T. C.
Clancy and Rev. L. O] Daniels. V :
Thi= morning Brothers' Corcoran.
Kenny and Lewis will he' further ole
vated. each receiving the responsibility
of deacon at ' the hands' of the Arch
bishop, who will be attended by the
eame priests who assisted at the cere
mony yesterday.
Sub-deacons Corcoran and Kenny are
Datives of California and Lpwis is a
native of St. Louis. They entered the
Dominican order at Benicia eight years
ago. Probably in three months each
ir.ay be raised to the priesthood.
Throughout yesterday they were in re
ceipt of congratulations on their ele
vation.
The Democratic State Central Com
mittee. B. D. Murphy, chairman, will
meet at Pioneer. Hall In this city at
2 p. m. to-day. The call for the State
convention of the party to select dele-!
gates to the national convention at St. :
.Louis has been prepared by Secretary
Al McCabe and will be submitted to the
legal committee this forenoon.
The representation is on the basis of
the vote cast for Franklin K. Lane in
1902. One delegate is allowed for each'
200 votes so cast and one delegate for
a majority fraction of such number of
votes. The apportionment gives a con
vention of 723 delegates.
San Francisco will have 16S delegates,
apportioned by districts as follows:.
Twenty-eighth District, 9; • Twenty
ninth. 10; Thirtieth, 13; Thirty-first, 12;
Thirty-second, 11; Thirty-third, 8;.
Thirty-fourth, 9; Thirty-fifth, 9; Thirty
sixth, 10; Thirty-seventh. 10; Thirty
eighth, 10; Thirty-ninth, 7; Fortieth, 6;
Forty-first, 7; Forty-second, 10; Forty
third, 8; Forty-fourth. 9; Forty'flfth.'
8. Los Angeles will have 55 delegates;
Alameda, 48; Santa Clara, 28; Siskiyou,
10; Humboldt, 12; Shastaf 11; Mendo
cina, 12; Butte, 12; Sonoma, 21; Sacra
mento. 26; Solaro, 12; Contra Costa, 10;
San Joaquin, 17; Tulare. 12; Santa Cruz,
10; Monterey, 10; Fresno. 21;. San Diego,
12; San Barnardino, 10; Kern, 13; San
Luis Oblspo, 10.
The call provides that the delegates
shall be elected May 3, in accordance
with the provisions of the primary
election law. It is also provided that
the temporary roll of delegates to the
State convention shall be made up by
the chairman and secretary of the
Democratic State Central Committee.
Twenty delegates to the St. Louis
convention will be chosen' from at
large and two from each Congressional
district, but the Congressional district
conventions will be composed of dele
gates elected to the State convention
from the respective districts. It Is fore
shadowed that the State convention will
be held at Santa Cruz and there, or
wherever the convention meets, all the
delegates to the St. Louis convention
will be chosen. \
The Hearst forces to : day will bring
all the pressure possible to bear for a
State convention to assemble on Mon
day, May 16. A committee from Santa
Cruz, headed by Mayor Clarke of that
city, arrived in San Francisco yester
day and will to-day submit a propo
sition to entertain the State Democrats
in the charming city by the sea-
To-day, at the meeting of the.com-
Santa Cruz May Be Desig
nated as Place of Meeting.
Delegates Are Apportioned
HEAEST FOKCES ACTIVE
Former Park Commissioner of Southern City Who Shot
His Wife Is Refused Bail by Justice McFarland in the
Supreme Court — Contradictions of Expert Testimony
The Young Students Receive
Their Distinct km at Hands
of Archbishop Montgomery
CEKE3I0NY IMPRESSIVE
Brothers Corcoran. Kenny
and Lewis liaised to Suli-
Deaconate at St. Dominic's
Democratic State Central
. Committee 3ieets To-Day
to Issue Call for Convention
CHURCH HONORS
YOUTHFUL TRIO
READY TO OPEN
THE CAMPAIGN
MILLIONAIRE GRIFFITH MUST STAY
IN THE LOS ANGELES COUNTY JAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH. 19, 1904
16
KALE'S. I HAJwE'S.
Kimonas: Two Prices
That are just half their worth.
They're odd sizes of a maker's spring line grouped till there
are all sizes at each price, but not in every style.
First, at 45c . Second, at 95c
It's a dressing: sacque of linen ba- It's a short kimona. made of fancy
tlste. tiRht-flttlng back, loose front. *, ; *
bell sleeves, large round collar, entire Persian lawn In Du Barry style, large
ural linen with colored dots; others of slee\-es. entire sacque edged with band
white lawn trimmed in lace and col- _ # ... , ... „ , . , ¦
ored lawn. Some short kimonas in of whIte lawn wlth P° lka * oXa - to
this lot also. match, ruffle around the yoke.
Others in fine lawn, some pink, blue and white; some with
figures, some trimmed with lace and others with" embroidery;
all have kimona sleeves.
All out on tables on the second floor to-day. >
Stocking: Economy
For Women, Girls and Children.
At its height to-day and in a way that will emphasize the
advantage of buying at this Hale stocking store.
Women's Gauze Stockings 25c
Thin gauze lisle women are buying more of than ever this spring.
It's one you usually have to pay from 35c to 50c a pair for; here at
25c- to-day. In fast black, full fashioned, strengthened at the soles,
heels and toes; sizes 8 to 10.
50c Stockings at 35c pair — Here are Girls' white stockings, 25c pair — Im-
two styles: a thin gauze lisle and ported, of fine rib, long and elastic.
an openwork lace; both ' of . them They're the stocking for conflrma-
what women want and underpriced. tion; sizes 5$s to 9%. 25c pair.
They're an imported Hermsdorf Baby stockings. 12^c pair — Fast
dye. with double soles, heels and black, strong yet elastic; cotton.
toes; sizes 8 to 10; usually 50c; but a smooth lisle finish; sizes 4
now 35c pair. • - • to 6.
Skates 48c Pair Easter Gloves
Nezv Ones Just Here. Best We Know Of at $1.50.
They have those hard ebonized It's the Hte Jouvin. It's a kid
rollers, and. fasten with leather ovcrseam, made from selected kid
straps; they're adjustable. Now, with the greatest care; delicate
boys, they're 48c a pair to-day, shades of tan, mode, brown and
Third floor. every other shade that 13 most
Clamp skates. $1.10. with bright fin- wanted; sizes S l A t0 1 1 A and 8.
lshed steel, adjustable hard wood And hen ,„ the Blanche Suede. If« a
wneels. 1 splendid dressy tlove. perfect fitting and
comfortable as can be. In black. mod» and
New lpW£»!rv Bray; sizes 5*-j try 7^i.
x^ c " JCVVCU ; The H. B. at *1 ta as rood as most $1.50
These are the things you want moves,, it's our favorite, it win b« your
~.^-» f~~ T7-. -?-- favorite If you woar It once. It's a two-
mo»t IOr .easier. . cIasp flntshed with one rm» of embroidery
Hat pins, 10c — Beauties to go with the on the back: sizes 5'i to 7»i and even $ in
Easter hat. Some of Jet. others black.. $1.00 pair.
blue and pink balls. Other novel- $100 pair— A 2-clasp Piqua "Walkln* Glove.
ties finished with Paris point embroidery on
Sash pins. 50c— In the Art Nouveau. in $? '£**{¦ m aimost every " hade: " t?esl
a large silver gray head; sterling $i.oo_? A l-ciaip Cape Glove for school or
finish.- ¦• shopping -wear. Made with the Dent
Screw earrings. 25c — Gold-filled wires. thumb: in oak, Havana and tan; sizes
Wal fiu? ! Sii8 2 tSlhe la St tUrqU ° 1Se ' Jl.O^-Jasp Mocha dove for ,tr~t wear.
four pins to the set. finished with ore row of silk embroidery
¦ - "' on th» back: In *ray, mode or black;
Drug Savings ""' £ to I^
Women will be glad to readof to- 8c CantOti Flaitnel
2 a £\ - u t*. t». Unbleached, 28 in.
Toilet soap. Be cake-^-It s new. Its , . , ...
called "Sweetheart." It's a perfect A. stimulant brighten* up even a
cleanser, leaves a pleasant odor. healthy man; same way with the
Toilet soap. 10c box— It's hard milled, department. This will brighten up
cakes tn^e 1 £*' VkTn^Rosy ?«% to-day in one of the health-
Posy, Lakewood Bouquet and Vio- iest departments we have. Its a
let. ; flannel that is wanted for under-
Castile soap. 13c— It's a regular 20c WC ar and children's wear. 8c yard,
bar. . • ________
Easter Eggs are here. Good Dandruff? Electric scalp treat-
scheme toiill those candy boxes me - nt ' ivilX cure *'• I?* ne^'-
nozv. There is a big demand U ' s at Hale's Hair-Dressing
just before Easter. . Parlors.
Small Eggs 25c • Ib. ffl \*m*9*&&
Chocolate Cream Eggs ;<: J^^J^J^^^^^^
each. Yellow centers. Splendid jgyL__^^o_»_» aod*>»^^^
to eat. ¦'.... Market Street, Near Sixth.
MARKS BROS.
SPECIAL 1— r AI7CT RZBBON.
Selling 10c Fancy Striped and Pclka Dot
Ribbon: "'-j Inches wide; special to- CLr»,
day,, only OV*
SPECIAL 3 — TAFFETA RXBBOST.
Selling 15c I-oulsine Wash Ribbon;
Heavy . Cord Edse; 4Vi inches l^r*
wide; special to-day only ""^
SPECIAL 3 — CHILDREN'S HOSE.
I*? Selllns: • 2.*k: Children's Bicycle Ribbed
Hose; double heel, toe and knee; l££s-»
special to-day only ¦ 1 0 w
SPECIAL 4— WOMEN'S HOSE.
SelllnR 20c Women's White Foot \f\c"
Hose; special to-day only Ivfw
SPECIAL 5-LAWH WAISTS.
Selling $1.00 Lawn Wni«ts in Pink. Blue
and White, tastily tucked in all CiPZ.r'
the 1904 styles; special to-day only VPO^
SPECIAL 6— NECKWEAR NOVEL-
TIES.
Selling 25c Over Collars In Bui- | a^
garian Effects; special to-day only IOw
SPECIAL 7 — HAKOXESCKIEFS.
, Selling: 8 l-3c Women's Hemstitched
Tjlncn Handkerchiefs; special *o-day «>/-»
only...... OC
SPECIAL 8— CHILDREN'S KNIT
• UHDEBWEAE.
Selling 35c Children's Cream Fleece
l<lnrd Vests or Pants; all sizes;- | PZr-
special to-day only iw»
SPECIAL 9— WOMEN'S KNIT UN-
DERWEAR. . '
Selling $1.00 Imported Swiss Ribbed
Lisle Vests; long sleeves: tights to *7Kp
match; special to-day only . .. * t>V
SPECIAL 10—EUNABOUT
SKIRTS.
6 Specials In RUNABOUT SKIRTS
advertised In Thursday's Call hold good
for to-day.
SPECIAL 11— -MERCERIZED PET-
. TICOATS.
Selling Sl.CO Mercerlied Sateen Petti-
coats in Black and White Striped Effect;
deep accordeon plaited flounce; CiKf
special to-day only \><Jw-
SPECIAL .12— VEILINGS — 3 LOTS.
LOT 1— Selling 50c Chiffon Drape Veil*,
all colors iv, yds. long; special OfS/-.
to-day only ••• ****+'
LOT 2 — Sell ins 25c Flo-wing Face ; M«-*h
Veils; special to-day only 15C
LACES. '
Our LACE DEPARTMENT Is com-
plete. We carry an extensive line. of
the lateet and most exclusive of Amer-
ican and European Novelties at prices
within reach of all. : .
MAIL ORDER.
PATRONS are REQUESTED to send
address for our SPRING BOOKLET;
now in PRESS.
WRKS BROS.
The Horns of Honect Values, .
1220-1222-1224 MARKET ST.
EEGAL SHOES.
J£very success has its imitators and
the Regal Shoe has had its share.
J|||w Trouble with inli-
/^S^l^v Jk a^P rs s that they
£^JM0i^^K imitate the appearance and
K^^^^Kl^^^^ It isn't the advertising, nor
the brass signs, nor the electric
T^^^^M^^^Ml lights, that sells Regal Shoes— .
£e^#^^r.p^4W^ ' it's the shoes themselves.
The value is there
leather — the skilled
tl^f^^^S-l^rak l° n &» satisfactory
Sftylf^^^^^^A Besides the sales
>S^^'i^^^^^S^?\ in 72 Rc«jal stores
CUSTOM lhere ai " e OVei " 300r
unexcelled spH.re >fe^|^^^^©^B 000 people who buv
T w-e loen-fairticalarly \^|^- - '^^iC-^ Kegal bhOCS TegU-
r=ivcrsity «nd bor.3«» \f^^sM^^^^ Ipriv hv mail T-TaU
turn who :iVr "crispress' lanV DV IUalL " aU
of advanced styic, fj'.i toe, X^^f^KsK* of them have been
¦wide "outside sv»inj;,*' er- n£;' *U±&£&& j • • r n
tersioa sole back to heel. QOing it lOr'tlVQ
years.
You don't believe it is possible to fool 150,000 people
continuously for five years, on such a simple proposition
as the wear of their shoes, do you?
• $3.50 everywhere and always. ,.
Send for Style 'Book. Mailorders promptly filled.
There are 72 Regal Stores. 22 of them in Greater New. York, where the
styles originate. • The new-styles are on sale at our San Francisco Store at
the same time as in the New York Stores.
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
ADVEBTISEMENTa
SATURDAY — MOHDAY — TUESDAY.
BUTT23B. Extra Choice. . . .3 squares 81
COMBINATION SALE
ST7OAB, Best Caaa 23 lb«. SI. 00
COF7__. "Oar Special" a lbs. ,"»Oc
TEA, Best, 10 kinds x n». 5Oc
BUTTiiB, X*_aest Made aqnare 45c
EGOS. Very Bert l doz. 2Oc
SAI.T, White and Dry 3 lacks 10c
SOAP, Our Pearl Savon 6 cakes 25c
S3.S0 Combination Order for. .83.00
CHEESE. California Mild lb. lOc
CKEABl, Poppy and Jersey. .3 cans 25c
COD. GROCERY CO. me
JOHN ROBINSON. Pr«»ldent. *
313 OTarrell St., Near Mason
Telephone Folsom 318.
Dollar T I
Premium All coffees §
pl*ee . Spices I
with Each Cent5 Mifl2 I
wIthEach Worth Po wd2r I
•k^They are Beauties 'p K
A thousand kinds j£k h
iBJf to Select from. *^f|i
W It Pays to P|
IV •¦ Trade at J" |
Great American IiHportmg Tea Go's 1
r* stores H
881M_rkBt 210 Grant &t. UV> Polk n
M0 Sixth 13l» rWvliaders 705 Ltrkin |1
4-H*l«ht J006 Sixteenth 355 Haye. I
S^inss'.on -UMontc-yav.. o» Mar Vet M
20Q&TiZznon 2518 Mission 145 Ninth £j
866 Third 2732 *tta <69Foprth H
M . DONARA *&
Kt^ffl x ¦ { \ T^fl
Y CLUETT, PEABOOY <_ CO. yg
MMOMOr CLUtTT <W0 MONARCH tHlHTS •
/I CTH M /I To etay Cured - Caus « «-
MO 111 IVI IX moved - Health rastored.
V ¦¦ |Tir 'No more Asthma, or Hay
piiRFn *«% Book w rr "
\>Vl\LI/ P. HAROLD HATES.
- ¦ Bnffalo. N. T.
WEEKLY CALL, §1.00 PEB YEAB.