.-THE WCATSEB.
Forecast made at San Fran
cisto for thirty hoars >ndlngr
xaianiirtit, March 3:*"
San Francisco and vicinity —
Clculy. threatening 1 Thursday;
coder; brisk northeast wind*.
A. G. HcASXE,
District Forecaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, : MARCH 3, 1904.
TOGO WITHDRAWS FROM PORT ARTHUR
WAR ACTIVITY CENTERS IN NORTH KOREA
? V 1 11 X i 1l V^ I 1 V 1 1 1 V^ J — j 1 i 1 JL-/ 1 X 11 lv V_^^l x 1 1 1 1 v v^x 1 X I jf^\
LONDON. March 3. — News from the Far East, published this morning, indicates the correctness of the information received in "Washington as to a change in the war plans of the Japanese,
involving a postponement of the attempt to capture Port Arthur. Official reports from Port Arthur show that not only was there no lighting there on Sunday, Monday or Tuesday, but that the
Japanese fleet apparently has withdrawn temporarily. Japan is centering all her efforts at present upon the attempt to wrest Northern Korea from the Russians and send an army across the Yahi
for the invasion of Manchuria. The crisis is nearing in that region, and any hour may bring news of a battle that will decide the mastery of the frontier. While the movements of the Japanese
army in Korea are still cloaked with the utmost secrecy, It is probable that the Mikado has at the present moment forces aggregating 120,000 nearing the vicinity of Pingyang.
PANORAMIC yiEW, OF PORT
ARTHURr^RL'SSLV'S FAR
EASTERN'STRONGHOLD.:, "'¦
Horses Haul Troop Cars.
ST. PETERSBURG; March 2.— The
cars on the - ice railroad' over Lake
Baikal are now drawn by horses, a
locomotive which performed this ser
vice havinsbroken through the ice.
JAPANESE TROOPS
ARE CONCENTRATING
IN, NORTHERN KOREA
Continued on Page 4, Column 4.
PARIS,' March 2.— Information reach
ing here from official sources shows
that the Japanese concentration of
troops is going on extensively in the
nerghborhood or Pingyang, xvorea.
Large forces are debarking from.trans
ports at nearby ports, from which it
Is assumed that an extensive land en
gagement Is imminent in Northern Ko
rea:
Benckendorff Returns to London.
LONDON, March 2.— Count Ben-
BLIZZARD AT LAST
STRIKES WYO3IING
Heavy Storm Sweeps Over the State
and a Continuance is Pre- •
dieted.
CHEYENNE Wyo.. March 2.— After
a winter which Has broken all records
for warmth and absence, of storms.
Southeastern Wyoming to-day is in the
grasp of a severe blizzard, which start
ed after a sudden drop in the- tempera
ture of 30 degrees. It Is almost Impos
sible to see buildings across the street
and the Weather Bureau predicts a
continuance of the storm and a wverc
cold. wave. • ' WS3&
NAGASAKI, March 2.— The Japanese
hospital steamship Kobe Maru, which
arrived at Sasebo on Monday with sev
enty-one invalids, including six naval _
engineers, Who were employed on board
the vessels .which were sunk at Port
Arthur, brings confirmation of the re
port, that the attempt to obstruct the
entrance to that. harbor was partially
successful. It is reported that the
hulks of the Hokoku Maru and Bushlu
Maru -now -¦ block part of the channel.
The explosions on board these steamers
were caused by , electric wires operated
from the torpedo-boat • destroyers,,
which : afterward saved ; the" crews.
SUNKEN STEAMSHIPS
PARTLY | BLOCKADE
HARBOR'S ENTRANCE
.SPRINGFIELD. 111., March 2.— By
a fensiitional bit of strategy to-day
the control of the political auxiliary
organization • known as the Cook
County Democracy was obtained by
the.adherents of Mayor Carter H. Har
rison. The' victory was achieved by
a iegal ruse. With a demand for in
corporation as the Cook County
Democracy John Powers and other
friends of the Mayor appeared to-day
before 'Secretary of State Rose and
showed that the charter held. by the
*p"ponents of the Mayor had become
invalid for" non-compliance with the
la"*' requiring corporations to make
an annual report to the Secretary of
State 1 . A license was thereupon issued
to Powers, who thus regained control,
from which he had recently been
ousted by a court decision upholding
.the' anti-Harrison faction. The deci
sion had enjoined officers of the Har
rison, faction from .appearing at the
meetings of the Cook County Dem
ocracy
Tbo Friends of the Chicago 3Iayor
Take Advantage of a Legal
Technicality. .*
HARRISON FACTION WINS
CONTROL BY STRATEGY
PARIS, March 2.— The Liberte to
day publishes a dispatch from.St..Pe
tersburg saying that the British Era
bassador, Sir Charles Scott, had trans
mitted to Foreign Minister Lamsdorff
the answer of Great Britain to the Rus
sian protest against Colonel Younghus
band'.s expedition to Tibet,^ with the
further announcement that Great Brit
ain had bound herself not to menace
the independence of Tibet, and that
Russia had given a like assurance.
BOTH GREAT .BRITAIN
AND RUSSIA PLEDGE .
TIBET'S INDEPENDENCE
Four of the five Russian torpedo
boat destroyers which left here yester
day for Algiers have returned on ac
count of rough weather.
PORT SAID. March 2. — The Rus
sian cruiser Aurora, recently in the
Red Sea, left to-day for Candia, isl
and of Cretei
SUEZ, March 2.— The Russian ar
mored cruiser Dmitri Donskoi. which
applied for permission to remain here
for repairs, has been allowed five days
in which to complete the necessary
work. ' . '
TOKIO, March. 2.— The Emperor late
to-day issued a rescript, countersigned
by the Minister of State, summoning
the Diet to meet in special session on
March 13. It Is not believed that the
session will last more than ten days.
The parliamentary elections are pro
ceeding quietly. The final returns are
expected to reach Tokio by Saturday.
Few political meetings preceded the
elections, domestic politics practically
being forgotten.
The Cabinet met in extraordinary ses
sion to-day and discussed war taxation
measures for- submission to the fc Dlet.
It Is now planned to increase by. 70,
000,000 yen the amount to be raised by
taxation. The income tax on land prob
ably will be doubled, the taxes on spir
its and tobacco increased and some new
taxes created. •
MIKADO SUMMONS
THE JAPANESE DIET
TO SPECIAL SESSION
RUSSIAN CRUISER
granted five days'
tbie for Repairs
"Limantour is a sympathizer of the
church and the wife of President Diaz
is a very devout woman." said Thomp
son to-day, "and it is believed that the
influence of the two upon the President
has caused him to regard the" church
more leniently of late. President Diaz,
it is generally understood in Mexico,
intends to leave soon on a two years*
tour of the world. The offlde of Vlc«
President has recently been created and
it is generally believed that Diaz, who
holds dictatorial power, will appoint
Limantour to the office and turn over
the Government to him. Diaz, has built
himself a palace in Paris anct it in be
lieved that his tour of the world means*
that he will never return to Mexico, -but
will go to Paris to live. ". % ;
"The belief prevails that Limantour
will return to ; the church the lands
which have been confiscated, and this
will be the signal for a revolution.
Bernardino Reyes. formerly 'com
mander of the army, Is the man who
will head it. Reyes believed that he
would be Diaz's successor until he was
removed by the President. Limantour
is not a Mexican nor a Spaniard. He is
a Frenchman and Reyes would be
much preferred to him by American in
terests and the better class, of Mexi
cans. That Reyes will b» successful
there is little -doubt. Limantour will
have only the police of the City of Mex
ico and about 2000 rurales, or country
police."
TACOMA. "Wash.. March 2.— Mexico
is on the eve.of revolution. according to
Colonel H. H. Thompson, who has just
returned from that country. .He bases
his belief on the opinions nf men jvho
are on the inside of Mexican politics
and who stand high with the Govern
ment. Thompson lived In Mexico, near
the Texas border, for many years. He
says the prospective revolution is de
pendent upon President Diaz's release
of the reins of government to 'Liman
tour, his present Secretary of War,
whom he proposes to make his Vice
President, ..^
Special. Dispatch, to -The Ca.IL
The alarm was at once given and
the railroad .company sent a special
tra'n to the sec-Re with a posse of of
ficers and a detachment of State
Ranger?, who were . ordered out by
Governor Lanham. The trail was
tafcen up at once and has been fol
lowed across the Rio Grande into Mex
ico. It is believed that the bandits
have taken refuge in the mountains
in. Mexico and that it will be difficult
to capture them. A more remote and
iiesolate region than that where the
kidnaping occurred could hardly be
found; The country is difficult to
travel over and is very sparsely set
tlpd.
.AUSTIN, -Tex., March 2.— Daniel
Ccshing, a. brother of A. B. Cushing.
superintendent of maintenance of way
of the Southern Pacific Company, was
ki-dnaped last n'ight at a remote point
in Wept- Texas by a band of Mexican
brigands and tarried across the Rio
Grande into Mexico, where he is being
held for a r&nsom of $10,000.
Yo'ung Cushing wns operating a
pumping station for the railroad on
trie banks of the Devils River, in a re
•mote- part of Western Texas. When
hs was missed this morning by the
eection men an investigation was made
and in hip room in the pumping plant
a note written and signed by him was
found, which Ftated that he had been
overpowered during the night by a
band of men who said that they in
tended to carry him off and hold him
for a- ransom. •*-*"..
Special Dispatch *» The Call.
Siberian gold miners have petition
ed the Government " to permit the
transportation of their equipment over
the Trans-Siberian Railroad and to let
off the. railroad employes who _ have
been taken into the army, declaring
that otherwise .the gold-mining: in
dustry will be ruined..
U. S. N., who has obtained permission
to observe the Russian fleet opera
tions, may go to Port Arthur from
London, via Suez, owing to the delay
whjch now prevails on the Trans-
Siberian Railroad.
Reyes Is Expected to
Lead People to
. Victory.
Escape Into Mexico
Vati There Wait
.V.' for Ransom.
Czar's War Chief
Pleased With
His Men.
Each company, under the direction
of its captain, supervises its own
SCARCITY OF PROVISIONS.
Every railway in Russia is carrying
soldiers to junction points that con
nect with the trans-Siberian line. The
troop trains are followed by proces
sions of cars laden with ammunition,
guns, two-wheeled carts, provisions,
army kitchen utensils and hospital
supplies.
The soldiers are generally between
21 and % 27 years of age. beardless and
full of vigor. They wear bulky fur
capes and heavy felt boots. Their
uniforms are plain almost to the point
of meanness. Each man has two sets
of underclothing, a long thick over
coat and a . short sheepskin jacket.
When the troops reach the military
storehouses east of Lake Baikal they
will be provided with long sheepskin
overcoats and double jackets of goat
skin.
To-day a list of twenty-nine killed
aboard the Variag and also a few, of
the casualties aboard the Askold, the
Xovik and the Pallada was published.
Ominous rumors ran through the city
to-day in business circles that Port
Arthur was to be abandoned to the
enemy after sinking the Russian ships,
as was done in the Crimean war. This
is probably exaggerated, but the story
is fortified by the telegram from Port
Arthur published in the Gazette to the
effect that the commander has called
upon 'the people to shed the last drop
of their blood in case the enemy takes
the town.
. Major General Pflug, .Viceroy Alex
ieff 's chief of staff, sends the following
telegram, dated March 2:
"According to additional information
which has reached me, our patrol, hav
ing passed the night twelve versts from
Pingyang, approached that town on
the morning of February 23. They
closely pressed a Japanese patrol with
seven officers, forcing it to retreat at a
gallop toward the gates of the tovn.
"The presence of our patrols near
Pingyang caused great alarm and soon
the enemy's sharpshooters manned the
walls and towers, expecting an attack.
According to the report, our patrols
approached within 700 paces of the
town, which they found to be sur
rounded by new ramparts. They, how
ever, were checked by the enemy, and
it is supposed the Japanese have more
than 1000 men in Pingyang."
MAY ABANDON STRONGHOLD.
says:
"Admiral Stark, telegraphing from
Port Arthur to-day (March 2), says
the enemy did not appear off Port Ar
thur on either February 28. February
29 cr March 1. Reconnaissances made
by cruisers and torpedo-boats over a
radius of sixty miles from Port Arthur
also failed to discover the "enemy's ves
sels." ,..,......
ST. PETERSBURG, March 2:— In a
dispatch to the Czar Viceroy Alexieff
Negotiations have been ... completed
with France, Great Britain and Italy
for the repatriation of the Russian
sailors who were taken on board ves
sels of . those countries after th«
Chemulpo fight. These men will, be
brought to Odessa, under Russia's
pledge ' not to allow them to fight
again during the continuance of the
war.
Numerous offers have been received
from women in Germany,' France, arid
especially England, to go to the front
as nurses. Dr. Nutzer, a woman phy
sician of Berlau, has already been en
rolled for this work.
Lieutenant Newton A. McCully,
REPATRIATION OF SAILORS.
kitchen and nominates its cook and
provision master. All matters per
taining to the company are managed
with great efficiency, as a majority of
the soldiers are peasants, accustomed
to a highly developed communal ex
istence. There is a serious scarcity of
provisions and the troops en route to
the Far East are living principally on
thick, sour soup, with cabbage. Meat
rations aVe sparingly distributed, in
view of the delays on the way. Tea
is not provided by the authorities, but
nearly every company supplies itself,
though the men receive only 7 ru
bles (J3 60) a year. The captains say
that tea keeps the rank and file in
humor to bear hardships and face
danger. ;
KUROPATKIN IS PLEASED.
General . Kuropatkin is daily in
specting the contingents bound for the
front and declares that they will, as
tonish the world by their willingness
and capacity to meet the exigencies of
the campaign.
Dinners are being given the regi
ments in their native towns and cities
before they leave for the front. These
functions are attended by civil and
military officials in uniform. The din
ners are served by women. In these
scenes of animation the soldiers be
have with quiet dignity that impresses
even hostile critics with a sense of
their fitness for trying, work. The
majority of them are fresh from lives
of extreme frugality and even priva
tion. Their eyes are bright, their
flesh firm and their frames well tan
ned and muscular.
The volunteer fleet steamship Kazan
has been transferred to the Red Cross
Society. The Kazan was reported at
Port Arthur on February 17, when
she was said to have been slightly
damaged during a Japanese attack.
The volunteer fleet steamship Ekate
rlnoslav, which was captured by the
Japanese,, is lying in the harbor of
Sasebo, Japan. Dispatches received
here say that her officers and crew
are well, and deny that the Japanese
are using her for transport purposes.
The volunteer fleet steamship Voronej
has reached Colombo, on her way to
Odessa, where the Nijni Novgorod of
the same fleet arrived to-day.
Orders /were issued to-day todispatch
2000 troops to reinforce the British gar
rison- at Malta. It' is believed ithat this
¦ Heartrending stories are appearing
in the. English newspapers of the suf
ferings' of refugees from Port Arthur
on the train journey to European Rus
sia. ;
It is bitterly cold and there is a
scarcity of food and water. Several
children have been suffocated, under the
rugs and shawls with which they, were
covered in attempts to keep them
warm/ Owing to exposure and. exhaus
tion* an epidemic of influenza : has bro
ken but'amoriK the refugees. .
The Tientsin correspondent of the
Standard cables that the Russians are
fortifying strong points south of Muk
den. • Thousands of coolies who are
working day and night on the ramparts
and entranchments of Haicheng'are
compelled to labor without pay.
SUFFERING OF REFUGEES.
Reports received here from Tokio
declare that Japan has granted per
mission for fifty-three foreign news
paper correspondents to accompany the
Japanese forces. The date.. of their de
parture has not been fixed.
- A mile and a quarter of the Siberian
Railroad, according to , the Tokio re
ports, has been destroyed in the Nln
guta district, between Vladivostok and
Harbin.
From Yinkow comes an unconfirmed
report that 500 bandits, armed with
modern rifles, have attacked a Rus
sian post to the west of Saicheng,
thirty-two miles east by north of New
chwang; that there, was severe fight
ing, and that both sides lost heavily.
This report is discredited at Yinkow;
but, if it is true, it indicates that a
serious danger is confronting Russia
in these well-armed brigands.
According to the Daily Mail's account
oi mis affair, six Japanese found among
the bandits were killed. This would
tend to show that the Japanese are or
ganizing the bands.
LONDON, March 3.— Hardly a word
of news from the seat of war, with the
exception of ¦ the Russian official dis
patches, is published here this morn
ing,, and' it now seems clear that the
story in the Morning Telegraph, two
days ago, of a bombardment of Port
Arthur by the Japanese on February
29 was nothing more than re-echo
of previous attacks.
A RMING CHINESE . BANDITS.
''TOKIO, March 2.— It has been learned
here to-day that the Russians have
occupied the telegraph offices at Anju
and Yongampho, north of Pingyang.
They have imprisoned the District
Governor and have confiscated official
papers. The Russian force near Anju
numbers about forty men. The main
Russian force is concentrated at Liao
yang. The Russians near Antung
aggregate 2000. No iihportant engage
ment is expected south of the Yalu
River, .which, it .is believed, the Rus
sians will make their main line of de
fense. ¦•'.•..-"' ¦ .
"It is now certain," the correspondent*
continues,' "that 'at the beginning of
hostilities the Japanese wanted to land
troops at a point near Shanhaikwan,
and that the Chinese prevented them.
. "Liaoyang, between Mukden and
Newchwang, is becoming the nucleus
of an important Russian army."
PARIS, March 3.— In a dispatch from
Harbin, Manchuria, a correspondent of
the Matin says it is rumored that the
Chinese generals Ma and^Thiang have
asked permission to ally themselves
with the Japanese.
movement is made to facilitate the re
inforcing of the stations in China later
should necessity arise. Four hundred
troops also were ordered to China to
raise' the local stations there to war
strength.
CHINESE WANT TO FIGHT.
Special Cablegram to. The Call and New York Ilerald. Copyright, 1904, by
the Xcw York Herald Publishing Company.
REVOLUTION
IN MEXICO
IS IMMINENT
BRIGANDS
KIDNAP A
YOUNG MAN
Japanese Expect the Foe to Make the
Yalu River His Main Line
of Defense.
Japanese Fleet Disappears From the
Vicinity of Russia's Liaotung -
Stronghold.
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOLUME XCV— NO. 04.
THE THEATERS.
Alcazar— "Ml«3 Ho'obs."
California — "Sa? Harbor."
Central — "A Break for Liberty."
Columbia — "The Old Home
stead."
Chute* — Vaudeville.
Pischer's— "Boly-Poly."
Grand— "Hills of California."
Orpheum — Vandevills. Matinee
To-Day. t 1 -.. -
Tlvoll— 4 *Tli« Gvosv Baron."WASHINGTON. -March 2.— CharUs L. Jones,
r.-hoee nomination as post master at Junction,
Ark:, "was confirmed. -ti-day. will imcceed E.
r^rn^K, who rwhtned on the ground that he
».«s afraid "he would become a victim of lh«
r*BTWll - Tucker f«*ud.' :
CHJCAGO, March 2.— The exami
nation of witnesses in the cate of the
Porter Bros. Company, the bankrupt
fruit. 4nd produce concern, ended this
etttfrrvoori. G. G. Ranney, treasurer of
the -Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul
Railroad Company, was the last wit
ness, examined. When asked whether
thV Porter Bros. Company secured re
bates Ranney said he was unable to
ansive)- -the' question and was dis
missed. ' - ' ¦
Testimony Knds In Porter Case,
Cats Freight Rate on Grain.
CHICAGO, March 2. — The Chicago
Great Western has renewed its attack
on the Chicago and Northwestern by.
announcing a further cut of 2 cents'
per 100 pounds in the rate on grain
from Missouri River points to Chicago.
The new rates, which will be 4. cents
on wheat and 3 cents on corn, will gi>
in effect next Friday.
Must Stand Trial for Jlimler.
AKRON, Colo., March 2.— Judge Ar
mour to-day overruled the motions to,
quash the informations against D. W.
Irwin, Frank Irwin, George Tuttle, Per
ry Tuttle. Elmer Shank and Clanton
Dansdill, cattlemen, charging them
with the murder of Joseph Meenan,
body, riddled with bullets, was
found on the prairie April 8 last.
NEW HAVEX, Conn., March 2. —
Jud£e_ Thayer" in the Superior Court
to"-<Say sustained a demurrer filed by
counsel .f6r Mrs. Philo S. Bennett to
the suit of William J. Bryan for con
struction of the will of Mr. Bennett.
In the action 1 brought in behalf of
•Bryari an effort was made to have a
sealed letter left by Bennett and giv
ing $50,000 to • Bryan enforced as a
'trust. In sustaining the demurrer the
'cou.rt ".decided that the question of the
status pt the sealed letter cannot be
determined in the present action, but
must be reserved for decision in other
suits.
Jud^re Holds . That Status of Letter
Giving; $50,000 to Brvan Must
Be Reserved.
MftS. BENNETTS DEMURRER
.- • - SUSTAINED BY COURT
"Yea." , , .
"How can that be?" pressed Burrows. "One
, "And the same manifesto of President Wood
ruff declaring •. a . suspension ' of the polygamy
principle was a revelation, was It not?"-- •
Burrows directed a number of ques
tions to Smith' bearing upon the con
sistency of Smith's answers relating to
his belief and acceptance of the divine
revelations. He said:
. "I. understand you believe In'the revelation
of Joseph Smith 'Jr. in regard to polygamy
and still think It is right."
Smith said it was true.
Tayler asked:* "Do you so regard It? 1 ,'
"The command did not change my view on
the question of plural ¦ marriage," - : he an
swered. "I believe plural marriages to be
right."
' Tayler then asked if it is true that
the revelation declaring plural mar
riage.8 remains in the books of author
ity as a part of the teachings of the
church.
BELIEVES IN MANIFESTO.
Tayler explained that he wanted to
Bhow that the demands of the church
are such that it might affect Smoofs
allegiance to the United States.
Wqrthlngton said thatthe line of
questioning was following out matters
dh which there was no dispute and
which are admitted by his client.
Burrows, ordered Tayler to proceed
with the case and the committee took
no notice of "Worthington's objection.
Continuing the inquiry in relation to
divine revelations, Tayler asked in re
gard to the, manifesto of President
Woodruff, in 1890, commanding a sus
pension of the requirement that polyg
amy be practiced in the church and
also the prayer for amnesty in 1891.
The questions were numerous and wen*
to ascertain whether the members of
the church considered these declara
tions affected the continuance of co
habitation of those previously married.
Smith said it was regarded that they
did affect such persons.
Beveridge Inquired concerning the
reasons for the line of questioning re
garding polygamy, as he said he un
derstood Smoot was not charged with
being a polygamist.
3IIGIIT AFFECT ALLEGIANCE.
In answer to a Question Smith said
that prior to 1862, when the plural mar
riages in the church were declared by
the church to be constitutional, polyg
amy had been practiced "in a limited
way."
Smith answered that the law question
was finally passed upon in 1889, and
that since that time he had no knowl
edge of any plural marriages taking
place.
At the afternoon session Smith was
again on the stand. Before proceed
ing Senator Hoar said he wanted to
understand one more point in regard
to the revelations and that was
whether women members of the
church were permitted to vote on
questions of acceptance or rejection of
revelations. Smith answered that
women voted on all of these matters.
It was brought out that the Su
preme Court decided in 1878 in the
Reynolds case that plural . marriages
as practiced in the Mormon church
are polygamous and Tayler asked
whether the church accepted that rul
ing of the Sunreme Court.
at 10:30 o'clock. An executive ses
sion of the committee was ordered to
determine on certain lines of conduct
ing the case.
That oath waa taken ' in 1900, and all the
evidence introduced thus far goes to show that
since that time the members of the hierarchy
have not been pledged to • polygamy. ¦ :¦
- The witness has been asked in regard to the
polygamous marriages of a certain Mr. Teas
dale, an apostle in the church. We have not
made objections before the testimony was tak
ing an irrelevant turn, because, we realize that
the practice of a court of Justice cannot obtain
In a committee hearing. But now an attempt
is being made to bring In testimony in regard
to the conduct : of this Teasdale some . fifteen,
twenty or thirty years ago* If you are trying
to prove merely that some members " of ' the
church have violated the laws of the land,
and judge Mr. Smoot from that point of view,
you might as well close the hearing now. '..-.
The committee went : into executive
session at 4 p. m. to determine the ad
visability of admitting the testimony.
It was finally decided, to allow special
latitude in the hearings.
Worthington, in reply to Tayler,
said that the charge that Senator
Smoot had taken an oath as apostle
which would be In conflict with his
oath to support the constitution of the
United States by reason of the fact
that the apostolic hierarchy was com
posed of men violating the laws of
polygamy, said: .
Smith said he was acquainted with
Lillian H. Hamlin, who was known
as the wife of Cannon, but that he had
never seen her before 1896.
Van Cott, on behalf of Senator
Smoot, made a protest against going
into the conduct of persons not inter
ested in the case and asking questions
which could have no bearing on it be
fore the committee. He referred to
questions which had been asked by
Senator Hoar concerning Smith's belief
and questions of Burrows in relation
to the inconsistency of his belief.
Van Cott declared that the State
laws protect a person In his belief, no
matter what the tendency of the belief,
so long as there Is no practice in vio
lation of law, and that therefore the
line of questioning was not reaching
any end. He read from Tayler's state
ment that Smoot was not charged with
any offense cognizable by law.
Tayler said he was pursuing the line
of Inquiry set out in the protest against
Smoot to the effect that the president
of the Mormon church and the major
ity of the twelve apostles were prac
ticing polygamy. He referred to Smith
as the dally associate and superior in
the church of Smoot, and said that
Smith is tho husband of five wives and
believes still in the principles of polyg
amy.
"Do you expect to prove In thatjeonnection
that the president and the twekre apostles
form a propaganda of polygamy?" asked Bev
erldge:
"We do," said Tayler.
"Then I think the course taken is perti
nent," said Bcveridge.
APOSTOLIC HIERARCHY.
Tayler asked a number of questions
relating to Abraham H. Cannon and
others of the Mormon faith in order
to bring out the witness* knowledge of
the question whether or not they were
polygamists and whether they had
married since the manifesto of 1890.
' VAX COTT ENTERS PROTEST.
"That Is right," subscribed Smith,
declares in favor of polygamy and the other
stops lt.' T
"I adhere to both In my belief." said Smith.
"I believe pblygamy was right, or I should
never have married more than one wife."
"As I understand It," Senator \Hoar Inter
rupted, "the last revelation does not prohibit
polygamy, .but merely suspends the former
principle commanding it. It may still be be
lieved that the practice Is Innocent and proper,
but as the divine command to continue it Is
stopped, the members of the "church submit to
the civil law on the question of plural mar
riages."
Smith, answered again that many
thousands in the church had declared
against the principle of plural mar
riage as given to the church In a reve
lation from Joseph, Smith Jr. To
bring out the effect of refusing- to sub
scribe to the- teachings of the church
Senator Hoar asked a' number .of
questions and Smith said: ¦;
"The principle of revelation Is the funda
mental principle, of the church." "¦?
-•¦••'Have- you ever received such a revelation
direct from God?" asked Mr. Tayler. '
"I notice that you say many thousands re
jected the doctrine of plural marriages. Do
you mean that they never practiced plural
marriages, or that they declared against the
doctrine?"
Senator Dubois remarked
"Not that I know of."
• "Now, that lit Just what I have been calling
attention to." said Senator Hoar. "The wit
ness aajs, 'Xot that 1 know of.'-"
Turning to fcmith, he remarked that the an
swer exoresfled doubt, and more pointedly he
asked the witness: "Has the church ever re
jected any of your revelations? Have any of
the revelations to the presidents been re
jected?"
"May I say a word on that first?" asked
Smith. He stood up and was noticeably con
cerned at the trend of the questioning as he
replied: "The members of the Mormon church
arc among the freest, most independent people
of all the Christian denominations. They
have freedom of speech, freedom of thought.
They are not all united on every principle of
the church. They are not expected to be. They
are entitled to their own conception In- regard
to the principles of their church, their con-
Cf-rition of what appears to them to be tho
risht or the wrong. So long as one accepts
God end his opinion is not in conflict with
the accepted standards of the church he en
joys following the church. He who denies
God, he who commits adultery or steals or
lien or bears false witness against his neigh
bors in any -way or goes contrary to the car
dinal principles of our Christian religion. Is
compelled to withdraw. But one who is "hon
ect. virtuous, believes in God and haa a little
faith in our religion is nurtured, though he
may not believe in the church in all that
It teaches. In that book (Smith pointed to one
,of the volumes that had been Introduced
earlier in tho proceedings) is a revelation on
plural marriazes. Not 3 or 4 per cent of the
entire membership of the church have entereO
that state. All the rest have abstained from
plural marriages and many thousands have
rejected the principle- entirely." ¦
FAVORS PLURAL MARRIAGES.
"May the members of the church say to you,
'We deny that God has told you to tell uu
that and we will not receive your revelation.'
Could that occur In the church?"
"It could." waa the reply.
"Has this ever been done?" asked Senator
Hoar.
REVELATIONS AKE ACCEPTED.
CHOSEN BY REVELATION.
Smith explained that the first presi
dency is the president of the church
and two high priests or counselors, and
that the twelve apostles are next in
authority.* The presidents are elected
by the council and apostles, but he be
lieved and it is taught that the presi
dents are really chosen by divine rev
elation and they are then endowed with
the authority of the holy priesthood
by authority direct from God. He said
the apostles might elect to their num
ber In the event of vacancy, but that
they would not go contrary to the wish
of the presidency.
In regard tc/ the revelations, the wit
ness said the church holas that any
elder may receive a revelation for his
own guidance.
"Mr. Smoot may receive a revelation
direct from God?" asked Tayler.
"For his own guidance, yes," -was the
answer.
In response 16 direct questioning
Smith said only those revelations to
the president which had been presented
to the church and accepted by ¦ the
members were binding on them.
Overman wanted to know what hap
pened to those who did not believe in
the inspired revelations.
"Were they unchurched?" he asked.
"They unchurched themselves," was
the response.
After more direct questioning con
cerning the rights of the church mem
bers to reject revelations, Tayler put
the situation In this form:
and director or officer of a number of
mining companies. A list of first presi
dency or twelve apostles governing the
church \vas # read by Tayler and iden
tified by Smith. This list included the
name of Reed Smoot. '-'- ' •-
He said he was president of a num
ber of other small concerns, the names
of which he could not recall, and that
he is a. director, of the Union Pacific
Railway, Company, editor of the Im
provementer and Juvenile •• Instructor
Zion's Co-operative Mercantile Institute,
v/ith • capital stock of more than $1,000,000;
Etate Bank of Utah. Zlon Savings Bank, Utah
Kugrar Company. Consolidated 'Wagon and Ma
chine Company, .Utah Light Railway Com
pany, Salt Lake and Los Angeles Railway
Company, f-'altair Beach : Company and Salt
Lake Knlttlnr Company.
The first question asked brought out
that Smith Is president of the church
and was born in Missouri in 183S, went
to Utah in 1848 and always has been in
the church.
Tayler asked Smith if he was a
prophet, seer and revelator.
The witness replied he was: "So sus
tained."
SMITH IS KEPT VERY BUSY.
Further questions along the same line
brought out the statement that he re
ceived his powers by reason of the po
sition he holds in the church. . , . ,
Questions directed to ascertain the
business occupation of Smith In addi
tion to the presidency of the church
brought out the following list of con
cerns of which he is president:
WASHINGTON, March 2.— An effort
to unearth secrets of the Mormon faith
was manifested in the first day's pro
ceedings before the Senate Committee
on Privileges and Elections which is in
vestigating the protests against Keed
Smoot retaining his seat as a Senator
from Utah. President Joseph F. Smith.
the highest official of the church, was
en the stand all day. He was ques
tioned closely in regard to the prin
ciples of divine revelations. He said
he adhered absolutely to all the teach
ings of the church in that regard and
that he himself had been visited with
divine inspiration from God directing
him as to details in matters pertaining
to the welfare of the church, though na
angels had come to him as in the case
of the revelation to his uncle, Joseph
Smith Jr., the founder of the church.
He subscribed to the standard of au
thority for the church in relation to the
revelation commanding polygamy as
made known to the first president in k
visit from "an angel in black." He also
said he still be'leved in polygamy.
The testimony was directed in a slight
degree at Senator Smoot and no at
tempt was made by the defense to cur
tail the admission of testimony until
President Smith was questioned in re
lation to Dolvgamous conduct of cer
tain officials of the church before the
manifesto of 1S90. The attorneys then
objected and much time was devoted to
the testimony. The committee then
went into executive session and after
a full discussion determined to allow
the utmost latitude to the hearings,
which means that court practices will
be a\'oided. The protestants sa^d they
regarded th!? as a victory for them
The committee will hear practically ail
the prosecution has to offer -and de
termine Itself what is competent.
At an executive session of the com
mittee following the afternoon hearing
it was decided to meet every day at
10:S0 a. m. and remain in session until
12 noon, meeting again at 2 p. m. and
continuing throughout the afternoon.
Five members, including the chairman,
will constitute a Quorum.
PRESIDENT SMITH IS CATTED.
The attorneys for the defense, A- S.
Worthlngton of this city and Waldemar
Van Cott of Salt Lake, Utah, arrived
early and engaged in consultation with
their client. J. G. Carlisle, former Sec
retary of the Treasury, and R. W. Tay
ler, former Representative in Congress
and the attorney who prosecuted the
successful contest against Brigham
Roberts retaining his seat in Congress,
on the ground of his violating the anti
polygamy law, are the counsel for the
protestants. Half a dozen witnesses,
nearly all of them officials of the Mor
mon church, occupied seats in the rear
of the large committee room.
Tayler announced his readiness to
proceed and asked that President
Joseph F. Smith be sworn.
DENVER, Colo., March 2.—Attor
ney General Miller to-day received no
tice from the Attorney General of the
United States that he will make appli
cation March 14 to the Supreme Court
of the United States for permission to
Intervene in the Kansas-Colorado suit
concerning the use of the Arkansas
River waters. This action on the part
of the Federal Government was a com
plete surprise to the Colorado officers.
Colorado's contention that no State nor
the United States has any power to
say what shall be done with waters
that rise in Colorado is opposed by
the Attorney General of the United
States, Miller said, only as regards the
General Government, which will in
sist on its water priorities. Otherwise,
according to Miller's claim, the posi
tion of the United States is favorable
to Colorado.
Uncle Snm "Will Intervene in Colorado
Suit Concerning^ Water of the^
Arkansas River.
GOVERNMENT TO TAKE
' PART IN LITIGATION*
.•At Mallorys suggestion the bill was
"'?mended as to except supplies for the
•army, and navy so far as to prevent
T*pn?.!ct with the bill regulating the
¦'shiprnent of Government supplies,
•which wa« passed yesterday.
Pgfterson offered as a substitute a
bill reducing the duty on goods im
.jx-rtfid from foreign countries* in Ameri
ca.a-built vessels and spoke in support
of'IV- • , .*.
' 4t .this point a large number of pri
vate pension .bills were passed. At
4:50 j>. m. the Senate went into ex-
V-tutive- session to permit Spooner to
j«poft the Cuban treaty from the Com
jnfttee' oh Foreign Relation? ind at
4:tJ» 3"gairi reopened the doors.
The, Senate adjourned at 5:28 p. m.
Th.e -debate was participated in by
Messrs. Lodge. Patterson and Platt of
Connecticut and turned on the inter
pretation of the preferences of Secre
tary 'Taft. recently Governor of the
Philippines. It was stated thet he had
oxprrfsed a willingness that the pro
posed law should be enacted in case
ttie tariff .on Philippine products was
revised. It ' was intimated that the
tariff reclultion could be accomplished
"by the ejiort session of Congress, but
C'armack contended that in a short
session this would be impossible.
•PajtcrFon accepted the suggestion of
a " revision of the Philippine tariff as
a'' threat- of another raid on sugar and
tobacco/ and : said the friends of the
and tobacco industries would re
fis.f- f very effort of that kind by all
If gitimate parliamentary tactics. He
predicted that a bill of the kind. If an
administration measure and presented
by Lodge, would receive the unanimous
support of the Republican eide.
•;Xot necessarily," Platt of Connecti
cut interrupted to say, and Patterson
replied that it had been uniformly so
in the past. Plait raid, however, that
he would Join in the effort to defeat
ajiy measure that would so far reduce
the tariff nn Philippine sugar as to in
terfere \vith the American sugar in
terest. A motion by" Lodge to lay on
tbe table an amendment by Car-
ER&q)c postponing the operation of the
bill until. 1S06 was carried, 37 to 11.
.Allison's amendment deferring the time
to-- 3&0L- was then agreed to without di
vision. ¦¦'. -s»"
• Allison's amendment deferring until
July J, 1905, the time when the por
tion af the" measure requiring that mer
chandise from the United States for
the .Philippines Fhall be carried only
in American vessels shall go Into ef
fect.'was the -first subject of consider
ation at; the afternoon session. Car
mirk sought to have the time etill
further extended.
' WASHINGTON, March 2.— The bill
for the regulation of Philippine ship
ping wes again the principal subject
of -consideration, by the Senate to-day.
It v/as amended bo as to defer for a
.year lhe time when the bill shall take
effect.
It is pointed out that it is not urged
by the President that all the people, in
cluding Indians, in the Indian Territory
shall be admitted as citizens immedi
ately, but that gradually, as the In
dians become -qualified for citizenship,
they may be accorded the rights of
citizenship and that eventually, per
haps the Indian Territory may be made
into a seoerate State.
WASHINGTON, March 2.— President
Roosevelt In the last week has had
several conferences with Senators and
Congressmen who are Interested in the
proposition to create new States. It is
believed to be the President's solution
of the problem that two new States be
created, one from Oklahoma and the
Indian Territory and one from the ter
ritories of New Mexico and Arizona.
In this respect he is in agreement, at
least so far as Oklahoma and the In
dian Territory are concerned, with the
Senate Committee on Territories. The
idea of the creation of only two States
does not meet the approval of the peo
ple in the Territories, and their objec
tion to it may delay statehood legisla
tion.
Indians Are Not to Be Ad
mitted to Citizenship Un
til They Become Qualified
Fight Promised an Effort
: to Beduce Tariff on Phil
.. ipplne Sugar and Tobacco
MAY ,ADD TWO TO LIST
At this point Bailay said he assumed
that all of the testimony being
brought out in regard to the-x^ligion
of Mormonism had some sound rela
tion to the influence of the church In
civil affairs and that unless 'he was
assured of that he would object.
QUESTIONS RIGHT OP INQUIRY.
- "For my part," he said, "I do not
think Congress has anything to do
with rellsious affairs."
TayJer answered that the prosecu
tion would attempt to show that the
church directed affairs of state, poli
tics and, in fact, all matters, and con
sequently the method of procedure
was necessary. No further objection
was made.
The committee then adjourned until
2 p. m. and Burrows announced that
hereafter the hearings would be held
every day until concluded, beginning
Smith described the accepted the
ory of the revelation of the principle
of polygamy to Joseph Smith Jr., say
ing that an angel in black had ap
peared unto him. He said revelations
had not come to him In that form,
but that he had received direct reve
lation from God by inspiration.
"By inspiration."
"J uevjr said I had received a revelation,
except that God ha« shown me that Mormon-
Ism is God's divine truth," said Smith.
"How has God shown you that?" asked
Mr. Burrows.
President Roosevelt Holds
Several Conferences With
• Congressmen on Subject
CAB3IACK IX OPPOSITION
Act Providing for Carrying
* Goods in ¦ American" Ships
Is Amended After a Debate
Committee on Privileges and Elections Which Is Investigating
the Protests Against Reed Smoot Retaining His Seat Cross-
Question Joseph F. Smith, the Highest Official of the Church
SHIPING BILL
AGAIN DEBATED
MORE STATES
IS NEW ISSUE
SENATORS MAKE EFFORT TO UNEARTH
THE SECRETS OF THE MORMON FAITH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, THURSDAY, ' MARCH*. ¦ 3." 1904.
PRESIDENT OF MORMON
CHURCH AND A UTAH
: SENATOR.
2
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
• Itching, 1 Blind, 'Bleeding or Protruding -Piles. ".
Tour druggist will refund money If; Pazo
Ointment falls to jure you In 6 to 14 days. 50c*
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
WINES, CORDIALS
AND EXTRACTS
of cod liver oil act
about the same on a
weakened system as a
cocktail does on an empty
stomach. If any good is
accomplished in either
case the medical world
has yet to find it out.
The reason . Scott's
Emulsion affords effec-
tive and permanent relief
and cure in all wasting
diseases is because it re-
stores health through
nourishment, not through
alcoholic stimulation.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
These shirts are-just what you want for everyday wear.
They are made of good material that will wash without fad-
ing. JThe workmanship likewise insures satisfaction — button-. \
holes will last" and seams will hold. ¦ t
The colors are blue, gun metal, slate and tan grounds, with \ I
neat, quiet, figured designs. The sizes are from 14 to 17. The
customary prices are $1.00 and $1.25. We are selling them this •
week for 85c. j
The number, is limited — the early buyers will have best ¦ I
choosing : :
. Out-of-town orders ft/led — wrtie us.
740 Market Street
' * * ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ' J
Writes Mrs. Hobson of Michigan.
j • _-—^-_. • ¦ ¦ ' . " ' —^ -
rAuEBEY RG3&CM JplJ j I \
In fflg Climate fliere EyeryMy is ! jjjjk "g^M I
Lialle to Calarrli and EyeryMy Has Wj \ i
it in Soie Form or Otlier, f^^mM
ru-na Has Become a Rxtnre and WWi
Lite tlie Telephone and Electric amM P l\W}w<
Liglt Conld. Hardly Be Spared From II WwCJS^
Ciyilization, -S^iss^j I \\'*\t '/'^S-.^
Mrs. A. Hobson. 225 Washington St., )\, V '/^C^\^lyJ
Lansing, Mich., writes: ¦-. ft mW^^W\
"Peruna has been such a blessing \[ $d^\0v^ \ \ r ' -^lTV> iM^I '
to my only child, as well as myself. " -X\jtVv> j//\T\sS vfifyt^'^i
;; that I feel induced to give my testi- \\ •/- < %^^;[i^.€^Xl^/^^^\-
moniaf. He has always suffered from " / /\\ v^\*-/ Jl 'j""^-^- *.r/jCy/f^'^\
catarrh of the head and throat, and I ' ij'r^N^^V^~-V.v^^j^//'//'
| had to use extra precautions so as [\ \xss /\* "
• < not to have him exposed to damp or ? ¦^^^^^^^^'Sr^^^v.^:^*^^
| cold weather. Last year he was taken * ""^^^J^^^^^^T'lji^^^^f
with la grippe, and as it was a severe J -r*> s'n^^^^^^f^^^^^-
case, caused mt much anxiety. No t H^^^^^^^k^^j(/\.
medicine helped him until he took \ f**^'^
¦ Peruna. I noticed an improvement " • ' wfj/ f'*'*' "~^&^**^^ ¦ . '•
! at once and in three weeks he was >> i -^if tvs^H^i/ai'Wfi'^ '
; a different child, the grip had been Z } LOlXX.W Qra.lTI.Sl ¦
completely cured and I noticed that || weeks old she suffered with sore eyes.
• the catarrh was made better. He I Tn e lids were red. swollen and summed
: : *,„ gj*s « <-. »«*. *»«, •*. JE;, \ E5JJ5 £. l 5£?S; K
he was entirely well. I now use it off ? came. As she grew a little older, ca-
n and en for colds, cramps, indigestion « ta " h developed in the head and nose,
;: or wtra, £$&»* «« jsm sr°. s .,r',^™^'»,r»
' superior to any doctors or medicine I > improving at once and within a month'
I ever tried. It keeps me. as well as * her eyes^made well again7to my great
my child, in perfect health, and I " relief. Since that time Peruna has been
1 ;.-, r . ¦ A .. „ " my only family remedy." — Mrs. Carolipe
i gladly recommend it to mothers. — » Kramer.
1 *#.«. a Unhvnn' \ t If you do not receive prompt and sat-
mrs. h. nooson. isfactory results from the use of Peruna.
•"•••••** •••••••¦ •••••••• write at once to Dr. Hartman. Riving a
Mrs. Caroline Kramer, President "Mas- £ ul! statement of your case and he -will
kel el Dol" Hebrew Society. 1173 E. Lorn- A p1 "^ tO glve y0U hlS valnable ad^
bard St., Baltimore, Md., writes: ; Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
"When my little daughter was four Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.The style' of the" structure to span
the channel* is the same as that used
in Chicago, where the river traffic is
very heavy. . There is no draw, but
the bridge is raised on either side so
that the full width of the channel is
given to the passing craft. The Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific bear the chief
burden of : expense inlthe bridge-build
ing enterprise, but ; the public '.will- de
rive ; many conveniences. South .San
Francisco will be brought Into close re
lation to the business region ; of v ths
city, east of Kearny and • Third streets.
The contracting firm, thie Thompson
The .new bridge of the Santa Fe
Railway to span Channel Creek at
Third street engaged the attention of
the Harbor. Commissioners at the reg
ular session yesterday afternoon. The
contractors are ready to begin the
work of bridge building, and therefore
it devolves upon the Board of Public
Works • and the Harbor Commission to
remove obstructions "on > Third street.
A portion of .the street 'controlled by
the city,* as well as spaces under the
jurisdiction of j the State are occupied
for business purposes. .
Harbor Commissioners Re
quested to Remove Ob
structions on Third Street
TIME TO BEGIN
BRIDGE WORK
' The investigation of Reed Smoot, the
Senator from Utah, promises to bring
forth some Interesting testimony in re
gard-to the inner workings of the Mor
mon church. President Joseph Smith is to
be one of the chief witnesses. More, time
to read the trial will be had if you use a
gas range ¦ from Ban .Francisco Gas and
Electric Co.. 415! Post street. • ?
TONOPAH, March 2.— A miner
named John Mitchell was killed in the
bottom of a 700-foot shaft of the
Montana Tonopah" mine this after
noon. A bucket loaded ; with rock was
ascending the shaft and when near
the top the bale broke, letting, the
bucket fall to the bottom^ striking
Mitchell, breaking his back and neck.
Another man was in the shift, but he
escaped by hugging the wall. Mitchell
leaves a wife and four children. »
Falling Bucket Kills Miner.
• NAPA, March 2. — Rain began fall
ing Tuesday night and kept up at In
tervals throughout to-day. According
to the Southern Pacific gauge at the
depot, the rainfall for the twenty-four
hours preceding 7 o'clock this morn
ing amounted to .15 of an Inch. This
makes a total for the season to date
of 19.65 inches. Last season up to
the same date 15.54 inches had fallen.
The indications point to more rain.
Rain at Xapn.
The Supreme Court yesterday re
fused to. grant a new trial to George
Suesser. who was sentenced to death
In the Superior Court of Santa Clara
County for the murder of Sheriff H.
R. Farley of Monterey County at Sa
linas, September 18. 1899. Sueaser
was convicted and given the death
sentence In Monterey County origin
ally, but the Supreme Court granted
a change of venue on appeal. The
second trial in Santa Clara County re
sulted no more favorably for the de
fendant.
Sucsscr Must Hans.
They are confident that they will win
in the end. It Is asserted that Foster
& Orear, the holders of the news
stand privilege, did not on the 1st of
this month make tender of $1500 a
month, but offered to pay on the basis
of J4S0. the old rate. - ",
NEW YORK, March 2. — Fourteen
persons are believed to have been
killed, of whom the bodies of only five
have been recovered; about a score
injured and , several are missing,
through the collapse to-day of the
steel skeleton of the Hotel Darlington,
a twelve-story apartment-house in
course of erection at 67 West Forty
sixth street. The steel framework had
been* erected as far as the eleventh
floor, and the structure was swarming
with ironworkers, masons and labor
ers when, without an instant's warn
ing, the upper floor sagged and col
lapsed, and the whole structure fell
with a crash that was heard for
blocks and shook all the buildings in
the vicinity. A portion of the steel
frame fell upon the rear of the Hotel
Patterson, on West Forty - seventh
street, crushing in the wall of the
dining-room and killing Mrs. Ella
Lacey Storrs, wife of Frank Storrs, a
wealthy resident of Rye, Westchester
County, as she was sitting at luncheon
with the wife of Rev. Dr. Minbt
Savage, who escaped unhurt.
The other bodies so far recovered
are Frederick Morrills, foreman of the
Roebling Construction Company; Far
rell I. Fagan, a derrickman, and two
unidentified men, apparently laborers.
The more seriously injured, with one
exception, are laborers on the building,
and are:
Joseph SInto, Andrew Maher, James
W. Smith, Henry Strobe, Tony Smith,
Dennis McGinnis, Frederick Weissen
muller, Gottlieb Witterau, A.V. Benter,
Joseph Gentry and Ernest Meier, a
waiter employed in the Hotel Patter
son. .
SEVERAL ARE MISSING.
Among those missing is Frank J.
Allison of the Allison Realty, Company,
the builders of the hotel, who is known
to have been in the building' when it
fell. Efforts to recover the bodies^of
the dead and rescue those imprisoned
In the wreck were begun by the fire
men Immediately after the crash, and
at 11 o'clock to-night the contractor
in charge of the wrecking work said
that his men had discovered seven bod
ies and that two were known to be
pinned under the wreckage on the east
side of the building. J
The cause of the accident was the
overloading of the floors. Foreman
James Halpin, in charge of the iron
workers, stated that there was a large
quantity of cement and other building
material on the fifth floor and on the
ninth floor were eighty-three beams
which were to have been used in con
structing the remaining floors of the
building.
That criminal carelessness is charge
able to somebody is shown by the fact
that the building department had
placed repeated against
the building, the"- last one being filed
to-day, at the instance of Inspector
Charles French, because "the side walls
were more than two stories in advance
of the front walls, and the floor beams
were not properly bolted and tied."
RECEIVED MAXY WARNINGS.
In spite of this and previous warn
ings those responsible for the construc
tion of the building went ahead regard
less of consequences.
Adjoining the collapsed building on
the west side is the four-story brown
stone residence of Harold Brown.
Some of the huge iron beams struck the
side of the house and drove holes in the
walls and roof and destroyed a part
of the brownstone front, which was
thrown to the street. The occupants,
escaped uninjured. On the east side is
a house occupied- by a school for boys.
The pupils had gone home td lunch a
few minutes before the crash occurred.
Some of the beams struck the house,
tearing off a portion of the roof and
smashing holes in the side walls. Mrs.
Storrs was sitting at lunch with Mrs.
Savage when the crash came, and she
and Meier, the waiter, were buried un
der the debris of the. roof and walls.
Mrs. Savage barely escaped being
struck, but her skirt was pinned to the
floor by a mass of fallen bricks. Mrs.
Storrs was breathing when extricated,
but died within a few minutes. The
waiter is believed to be fatally Injured.
The other occupants of the dining
room escaped unhurt.
The Hotel Patterson was shaken to
its foundation and the .flre es
capes on several stories were torn
from the fastenings and all the win
dows on these floors were \ smashed.
The occupants of these apartments
hastily quitted. them. Rev. Minot Sav-f
age was ill in his apartment in the
front of the hotel at the time of the
collapse. The ' plans for the building
were filed by the firm of Neville &
Bagge, architects, and called for the
construction of* a fireproof ; building/
twelve stories in height, with a front
age of 55 ;' feet and a depth of "100. of
steel, brick and stone, of a height when
finished of '- 199 feet. The approximate
building cost, exclusive of the plat, was
named at $350,000.
Arrested for Stealing Beer.
CALISTOGA', March 2.— Acting
night watchman Clarence Smith was
arrested here- last night "by Constable
Fosson a charge of burglary. . He en
tered the liquor store* of D. C. Wills
arid .was caught in the act of taking
two /bottles of beer. When arrested
Smith was struck' on the- head by .Wills
several times with a ; heavy- revolver,
which inflicted a severe" scalp wound.'
The town of Alturas was covered
with a sheet of water, in some por
tions attaining a depth of four or five
feet. Families along the river were
compelled to abandon their homes,
while on the first evening of the flood
the water backed up into the electric
light plant, extinguishing the flres in
the furnaces and left the town in to
tal darkness.
The estimated loss of stock on the
range is appalling. The winds which
brought rains into the valleys and on
the foothills left a heavy fall of snow
in the mountains. On the winter
range north of Canby In this county
is a fall of three or four feet of snow
on the level. Fifteen hundred or two
thousand head of horses are wintering
there, as the feed is good, except when
rendered unobtainable by such heavy
snows. Cattlemen have been trying
to break trails into this vicinity In or
der to rescue these poor animals, but
without success, as their efforts were
ever thwarted by continually falling
and drifting snow. It is estimated by
the stockmen that they cannot pos
sibly save more than half of all this
vast herd under most favorable
weather now, and that if the storms
do not cease immediately all will be
lost. '
ALTURAS, March 2. — The recent
floods here have been the highest In
years. Streams everywhere were be
yond the control of their banks and
considerable damage was done.
Bridges and dams are washed away,
while mountain roads are ruined by
torrents, either being cut away so as
to be impassable or covered with de
bris.
Modoc County.
Farms and Stock Suffer Greatly in
STORM IX THE NORTH.
The message also stated that the
flood was headed south toward Stock
ton and would probably take every
thing in its way as far as the Cala
veras River. This afternoon the steam
barge Wright came up the channel
with 1800 sheep rescued from the
levee of Staten Island. The Wright's
captain stated that water was seep
ing fast into Bouldin Island and that
there was no hope. At 4 o'clock this
afternoon the crest of the flood and
the tide surged against the Bouldin
Island levees. Hundreds of men were
stationed at the threatened points to
give battle to the enemy. Prepara
tions had been made to remove such
property as could be transported in
case of a flood. Three distinct breaks
have occurred since and a small army
of men was rushed to the points where
the water had started over. By the
use of sand bags and shovels the men
held the water in check until stronger
supports could be thrown up. For a
half hour it looked as if the entire
island would be annexed to the In
land sea, but the workers finally tri
umphed and the falling tide left the
island dry- To-night a force of sev
eral hundred men is at work prepar
ing for the supreme test which is ex
pected at midnight when the tide
comes in.
Although there is considerable
alarm here to'-hight it is not believed
that the water will approach this city
on the north nearer than the Cala
veras, as the broken levees below have
provided an escape for the flood. The
situation is liable to change, how
ever, as it Is not known what volume
is yet to come down the Sacramento.
One thousand dollars was offered by
island residents this morning for a
steamer for one day, and the offer had
to be refused, for # there was not a
steamer available.
"Send us a steamer, or a launch and
a barge at any cost," was the message
that came to this city early this morn
ing from the Sargent tract, near Term
inous. "Can you go up the canal to the
Sargent canal farm and rescue stock
and beans from the levee?" was asked
this morning of the captain of the
steamer Jersey.
"I would . not attempt to take a
Bteamer up that canal for what the
boat cost new.. She would be swept
on .the top of the levee and capsized
as sure as fate," came back the answer.
Sloughs, rivers, channels, all are blot
ted ,out by. the seething, yellow torrent
that . spreads ( over t : the ., lower country.
The flood la running over the' tops of
STOCKTOX, March. 2. — Many thou
sand acres of the richest land in this
county, about one-flfteenth of its total
area, was under water at nightfall this
evening:. One million dollars is a con
servative estimate of the loss that falls
on owners and renters of reclaimed
lands. Unsatisfied and unchecked by
the vast area swallowed up yesterday,
the great flood that has come down
the Sacramento River and rolled into
San Joaquin County made further en
croachments and to-night it was fear
ed by the more timid that the surging
waters may leap the Calaveras, four
'miles north of this city, and overflow
Stockton before twenty-four hours
have passed. This afternoon came the
report that the great Terminus tract
had been added to the inland lake, and
later a message was received from
Antioch stating that Sherman Island
of 12,000 acres was flooding from large
breaks in the levee and that the water
at high tide at Antioch to-day was
nearly a foot higher than it was yes
terday. Sherman Island is not in this
county, but its levees made barriers
that are hourly growing fewer be
tween the delta of the Sacramento,
llokelumne and Calaveras.
M. D. Eaton of Eaton & Buckley,
who are extensively interested in the
Terminus tract, went out there this
morning. Shortly before 3 o'clock this
afternoon he telephoned to Buckley
that the levee had given way and that
the flood was rushing in on the tract.
He demanded that a steamer be sent
at once and added that he feared all
of the residents of the tract might not
escape.
Under Water Xear Stockton.
Many Thousand Acres of Land Are
FLOOD CAUSES BIG LOSS.
Contractors Eeceive Warning
That Work*Was Being Im-,
properly Carried Out, but
Fail to Heed Inspectors
ACCIDENT IS DUE ¦
TO GROSS NEGLECT
;h,an a yar before the island can be freed of
water. The cross- levee has broken and the
water has got -as far as Bmmenton. ¦ All
• Sherman I eland, with an area of about 0500
acres, has. at a conservative estimate, about
five- feet of water over it and it will ba more
' La*t Monday morninr the break, which is
a mile and a haJf south of Sacramento, wu
I2« feet wid*. To-day it is more than a
th6usand. Naturally this reMev.es the pressure
north of the break and has reduced the depth
rf water there, but it has made matters much
mow serious for the inhabitants of the coun
try south.
' "Thousands upon thousands of acre.s of good
land farms and homes are completely sub
•rr.erged. Outside the city of Sacramento the
cemetery even. Is one big sea. with the tops
cT headstones for whitecaps. The graveyard Is
oorered by many feet of water, and occasion
ally large marble monuments loom up over the
Inland sea. It is a most remarkable sight
/ind- one that it would be worth a man's while
.to travel miles to see.
Captain Carlson of the Apache gives
a' descriptive account of the present
state of affairs on the river. He said
last night:
DESCRIBES INUNDATION.
In some instances the inhabitants of
•fhe town of Walnut Grove were forced
to leave their homes without first re
.'moving their cattle or gathering to
pether their food and clothing.
These islands, upon one of which
Walrrut Grove is situated, are deemed
the -finest pasture and grain lands in
' California and if it were not for the
fact that they are liable to the winter
'floods their value would be ines
timable. As it is, all varieties of grains,
vegetables and fruits are grown in
'abundance. The land has recently
b'een 6own and the owners say that the
.^f.ood could, not have occurred at a more
inopportune time.
; These refugees are for the greater part
from the town of Walnut Grove, a
place of about 1400 inhabitants, of
which S5 per cent are Mongolians. The
.town itself is entirely submerged and
the farms and ranches about It are in
undated. • '
When, the river steamboat Apache
maile fast alongside the Folsom-street
pier -last night, after an exciting
Ttta down from Sacramento, more
than <_>ne hundred farmers, farm
hands and Chinese and Japanese vege
table growers disembarked. Some
ivere /homeless . and without f ur
ther i>cssessions than the clothes on
their backs; but all were thankful to
have escaped tht? liood that is raging
over their respective homes, and thank
ful for the successful termination of a
decidedly thrilling experience on a river
boat. " • . -~~ r ,~ \
The reclamations on .the south side
of the San Joaquin River are safe. The
water about Victoria, Union and Rob
erts islands and the Jones and other
nearby tracts has raised very little and
there is no possibility of a flood in that
section.
It is stated that when the Staten Isl
and levees gave way the flood came
down in a big, high wave and took
houses and barns and swept them
across the island, smashing them
against the levee on the west side.
*'When morning came we found a
rowboat and sent a man for help. I
think he went to Bouldin Island. Last
evening the steamer Jersey came and
took us off, all but a few of the men,
who ctayed to watch the stock.
"Yesterday a man came v over in a
boat from Staten Island. He said that
the people of that district did not have
time to save food and he wanted to
borrow some. He said there were near
ly a hundred families camped on the*
levee over there."
"We made a camp on the levee. Fif
teen or twenty families got together
and we built a flre and made coffee.
The water came almost to the top of
the levee and we believed that we
would all be drowned.^. Once the levee
below us gave way With a roar and
the water poured ..through into the riv
er, which was lower than the water in
side the levee. It made an awful noise
there in the night. We fully thought
that the end was coming. The most
of our stock ran for the levee when the
flood came.
This morning some fifteen or twenty
men stood^in a dejected group on the
south wharf in this city, awaiting the
arrival of the steamer Jersey. They
had been tenant farmers on the Brack
tract and had accompanied their wlvei
and children to this city on the Jersey
last night. They were waiting to be
taken back so that they could help save
a part of their belongings. There were
between sixty and seventy persons liv
ing on the Brack tract, and all were
renters. Last Monday they were told
that there was a possibility of the levee
giving way, but they did not heed the
warning. It was nearly midnight when
the wild alarm was sounded that the
flood was coming.
"I could hear the men shouting and
I knew what it meant," said J. J.
Pimentel'in telling of his experience.
"I told my wife to get the babies and
some food ready, while I ran to the
barn and hooked up my best team to
the lightest wagqn. Before I could
drive to the door of our house the
flood was there. It did not come grad
ually, but swept down with a wave
more than a foot high. We did not
have time to dress the children. We
threw them, bedclothes and all, into
the bottom of the wagon, tossed in a
little food and scrambled in ourselves.
The water was then up to the hubs.
I lashed the horses into a gallop and
by the time we reached the levee the
water was coming into the bed of the
wagon.
many levees, and to attempt to run a
steamer there is to risk the boat being
capsized on some levee.
Steel Skeleton of a Twelve-
Story Building Collapses
in New York City, Dealing
Death to Many Workmen
The water In the vicinity of Sacra
mento Is reported to have dropped sev
eral feet In the last twenty-four hours.
Sherman Island was reclaimed a little over
two years ago. and the owners of property
there were Just about to realize an Income
from tbelr lands. An f$5,000 dredger was in
stalled on the island recently, but through
some kind of an accident it sank four or five
days ago.
The trip that I have Just completed was the
most nervfe racking of any that I have ever
experienced. At times the boat was abso
lutely unmanageable and would not answer
her helm en account of the fierce, swirling wa
ter.
At the Pierson district two pumps capable
of pumping 4S.000 gallons of water per minute
¦re kept steadily at work to keep out the seep
age, for. should the rising waters spread over
that part of the land, there would be a tre
mendous loss Incurred. There le a cannery
en the Pierson District.- In which all the as
paragus and fruits grown there are canned.
Grand Island is threatened with ruin and
the entire length of the levee In that district
is being putrolled by the farmers and their
help. At Rio Vista the water is one ana a
half feet above the dock, and Front street, the
principal thoroughfare of the town. Is entirely
submerged. The residents of the town say
that this Is the first time the water has ever
risen over the docks.
At Rio Vista and the surrounding country
all the available men have been called to as
eist in closing the levee. The break Is a
large one and hundreds of men are busily en-
Raged loading sacks of sand upon the defective
epct. They have stopped a large part of the
water, and if the weather continues to be in
their faver it will not be long until they hava
the levee entirely repaired.
PUMPS WORK STEADILY.
At Emmcnton the farmers are working: In
dustriously, getting their cattle and posses
sions together and moving them to safer
places.
Tyler iFland, situated back of Andrews
Island, is under water, and the levee there Is
broken in six places. At Snodgrass. Slouch
B. the conditions are a little more favorable.
The water Jheie has fallen fifteen Xeet from
Monday morning up to noon to-day. Nine
thousand acres are. however, submerged.
Ryer Island Is safe up to the present, but
should a fioim arise, or should w« have an
other north wlr.d, it will be only a matter of
a few hours when the entire island is sub
merged. Egbert District No. fi36 Is still under
water and great damage has been done there.
Brannan Island is In a very critical condi
tion, and the water is so "high there as to
leave but from a foot to a foot and a half to
spare.
of the men on the island are doing all that
they possibly can toward saving that portion
of the- Island that is not yet submerged and
dredgers are already at work.
FARMERS MOVE CATTL.E.
Some Have Only the Clothes on Their Backs, but All Are Thankful
. for the Rescue — Captain Carlson Gives Graphic Description
: of Devastation Wrought by Water on Sacramento Lowlands
FOURTEEN
PERISH IN
THE RUINS
RIVER STEAMBOAT APACHE BRINGS
FLOOD VICTIMS FROM WALNUT GROVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. THURSDAY, MARCH 3, '1904.
Bridge Company, was assured by the
commission yesterday that space
would be cleared so that the work . of
construction could begin at once. The
contractor offered to remove at , his
own expense an old wharf, provided
the board would allow him to use it
for mixing cement during the bridge
building operations. The offer was re
fer»ed to the Chief Engineer.
Fred S. Stratton, Collector of Cus
toms, San Francisco, at the sug
gestion of the United States Treasury
Department, has requested the Harbor
Commissioners to assign space for the
revenue steamers Golden Gate and
Hartley at Lombard-street wharf. The
Government offers to pay monthly
rental of JC2 50. The subject was re
ferred to the Chief "Wharfinger.
, The Commissioners are not discour
aged by their recent reverses in court.
3
ORDER F*OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
Mall TUi Order to Tl»« S*a Traaoisco Can Wit* 75a. '
Xbe San Francisco Call.
San Francisco, CaLs .
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me om
topy. of : The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sun da v . paper, and the additional 35c .is
to prepay shipping chars es.)
. SIGNEr. :.............................,.,.
STREET ....... ......o.... ««•
CITY ;....;.....;......* *»«-•
STATE .;.... ........;.« .....»•
DR. SHOOP'S BEHEDIES.
DON'T RISK A PENNY.
GET WELL FIRST.
For SA years I've been a. physician!
¦¦ ' I hav* treated nearly two million
¦ i-ascs!
• • Surely you'll admit that such experi-
ence must have taught me some certain-
, tirs.
• ' And — all that I know of disease and
< ; -jre— all that I have proven to be worth
" knowing — 4s condensed into my six books
ior the Sick.
. _ Write for a free copy to-<lay.
They -tell of my great discovery that
" practically all diseases can be perma-
nently cured through the Sympathetic
¦ Xerves.
Xot <he nerves we feel with, see with,
•Hear with, but the inside nerves.
It is these that unconsciously operate
the vital Organs— the Heart, Liver, Kid-
neys. Brain., etc.
: • XVhen the inside nerves get run down,
.that Orpan which is weakest in the body
lop? s its power to act properly.
It then throws its work upon the other
Organs.
. These Organs in turn become affected
t-hrough over work, and so, scarcely any
. case is found without complications.
" I proved it useless to doctor tiie indi-
vidual Organs themselves while the
Nerve-power to fully operate them was
larking.
Sedatives temporarily deadened the
pain, but increased the distress after-
• wards.
' - Tonics revived the drooping powers,
«>nly to insure relapse so soon as the
5timulus was withdrawn.
¦.Of what use to hourly move ahead the
hands of a watch if its mainspring be
seriously weakened?
There is but one sensible thing to do,
viz. — stiffen up the mainspring:.
That if? what my. now famous, pre-
scription — Dr. Snoop's Restorative
docs. . /
It acts directly upon the Sympathetic
>>rve Centers just as steam acts in an
•En'gine.
It provides, through these inside
. nerves. th»> power -to make the weakest
• <irfran do its duty. . -
] t enables weak organs to cast " off
. their clogging waste matter and to re-
pair their worn tissue.
It runs the human mill, at full capa-
'•••ity. till that mill- produces enough new
material to keep itself running without
" further help.
So sure am I of this Restorative that
. T authorize certain. Druggists everywhere
t<# supply it on a month's trial to prac-
Mically all who write me for that privi-
lege. ,:
To suppiy it at my expense if it fails
to br-nefit — at your, expense if it cures.
„ The cost is but 55.50 for six bottles
• deluding my professional help during
treatment.
Could anything better prove my faith
in this system than this voluntary test?
Could anyone furnish you better
grounds for confidence?
You should get my book, which tells
how to cure diseases permanentlv.
Write for it to-day — now — you can't
get wll too soon.
Juct eppcify which of the six you need.
}4ook I on Dyspepsia Book 4 for Women
5.00k 2 on the H^art Book 5 for Men (sealed)
Bock 3 on the Kidneyt Book C on Rheumatism
Address Dr. Snoop, Box S630, Racine.
WiK.
P. S. — Simple cases often yield to one
bottle of Restorative. All drugists carry
it. But all druggists do not supply it on
n month's trial. You must write to me
for that.
California mustard has
strength but lacks flavor.
Trieste has flavor but lacks
strength. Schilling's Best* is
the two mixed,, nothing else,
no color. The next - best
'mustard sold here is weak but
has good flavor.
Your grocer'* ; moneyback.
ADVEBTISEBCENTS- : l . • V 9m$P9!£££
f ''^M^^^^^W0-^ : S5^Y^%£*&& The popularity of our wash suits
$§?£:' ; $ rtfvfe^ ; /^>^^ last season has prompted us to pre-
p. s ;^ V (^$^&0&£h If pare even more extensi ve *y this y ear -
% %|l^^v#tl '^^U^S^ We recentj y received- our spring
% M?Sp£ #^^^%v^ stock of these goods ' When un P ack ' :
ing them we were a 2 reeabl y surprised
ourselves. We' have never seen such
W&ifi^MWxS \^*&wf beauty and harmony in colored wash
fabrics. Every suit is charming-
W*r j00$0!$^§ both in style and .colors. And when
%£&•. v$v£$ 1l%p$lf$£ you learn the prices you will con-
§MiS$8£P W$M^$mii sider the suits desirable from every
i ; r\sv&£>V#?\ standpoint.
W^Mm IflJPI The materiaIs galatea, linen
I%:$M$M ¦p^P*) cash, madras, pique, chambray and
l-j^fe;^f |SKiiA mercerized silk. The styles are sail-
mfflBr™*' '^^tSk ors ' in ages ** to - 10 ' " and Ru ssian
MmfgW iPfiil blouses, in ages 2*5 to 6 years.
BmjS& liilil e rnention 'below our prices, to-
B&Sm lilii gether with a brief description of the
JIIIf wf& goods. Description is really useless
fiW ill -~ you must see the g° ods t0 Properly
JpSfyS^ appreciate their beautiful colorings.
lo open the season- we place on sale a .. <^W^'0^^^^&^^'2' ti -
number of suits in sailor styles similar to / ¦d0Mi^^^^^^^h^:'-
the above picture for $1.00. The fabrics / i^^SKBwSS&^^^-
will wash well and bear our guarantee in
this respect. Theages are from 3 to 10 \^^^^^p^^^^p :
We also have 'sailor suits at $1.50, $1.75, .-•"'^ . -^t* 0^^^^^-
$1.85, $2.00, $2.25, $2.50 and $2.75, in f~'\*-0MM^Wk '^W
beautiful colors and splendid wash fab- /' 1. ''¦•^$v^£8tf •fe^---"^
rics, which we fully guarantee. . | **%^:0K?
For little fellows from 2j4 to 6 years |^' :^^vS^3
we have provided Russian blouse suits as JM* :t .<^^^^^^r {^^^^^
pictured on the right. The garments are 'M j|^m»w*^f . /$*£$&
made with Eton,, military or sailor collars. '"W^^^P'^&yiM^ / :^W y
$2.25 and $2.50 each. * lP^Pl^^^#^W
We also carry a large assortment of §^Bt^m^mM00^ ' ¦ ¦-
separate wash pants at 25c a pair. /^^^^^Sp^ **
Boys' golf shirts for spring and summer !^W^S^^00^0h --
wear, made of good quality percale, ma- r-?®^^-:^^^-^^^
dras and fancy weaves in colors that will
wash; separate link cuffs; price 50c. '^M>^^0My^'?I^^S^-
Boys' and girls' automobile caps in filtfe^lfe
cloth, corduroy and leather in some new .^l^^l? P^^^P
styles and colors, prices from 45c to $2.00.
Tarn O'Shantef caps in all shapes and '^S^P^I l®8ilP?^
colors from 45c up. JfliP^
Boys' Norfolk caps in a large variety of BSm
Mail orders filled for any of these goods — W$£gl lHH
please address Dept. L M&1 lip^
740 Market St.eckendorff, .• Russian Embaasador to
Great Britain, arrived here to-night
from St. Petersburg.
OTTAWA, Ont., March 2.— The Mili
tary Department has handed ' out a
statement of the estimate for new de
fenses.. The first line of defense will
consist of 100,000 men, of which 46,043
will be the peace establishment and the
remainder the war establishment. A
sufficient numberof officers are to be
trained with this line of defense to in
sure officers for a second line of de
fense of 100,000 men, if required.
Continued From Pago 1, Colnmn 6.
EMBERS OF REVOLUTTOX
SMOLDER IN PHILIPPINES
Pio del Pilar, Who Accepted the Oath
of Allegiance, Joins the Outlaws
Who Are Up In Arms.
MANILA, March 2. — Pio del Pilar.
the leading spirit of the Caribao In
surrection against Spain and the Unit
ed States, who was exiled to Guam,
but returned and accepted the oath
of allegiance/ has joined the outlaws
who are defying ¦ the authority of the
Government.
•WASHINGTON, March 2.— That the
embers of revolution still smolder In
the Philippines is suggested by a re
cent report to the War Department'
from General Wood to the effect that
a rebel styling himself General. Prym
has Issued a commission to Ricarte
as lieutenant general of Northern Lu
zon. Little is known here of Frym
and it is hoped that the movement ia
nothing more than a brigand demon
stration. Ricarte's whereabouts Is un
known. The Philippine constabulary
is looking for him.
French Bark Is Missing.
LONDON, March 2.— The French
bark Paris, from Hamburg, May 10.
and Cherbourg. May 18. for Honolulu
and San Francisco, has been posted at
LIdyds as missing.
Mops Killing of Seals.
!: WASHINGTON. March 2. — Repre
sentative Robinson of Indiana to-day
introduced a resolution . directing the
Secretary, of Commerce and Labor te
suspend at once and indefinitely the
kjlling of fur seals on the Pribyloff
" Islands, Alaska.
Captain Peyton C. March of the gen
eral staff, one of the United States
military attaches to the Japanese ar/ny,
arrived yesterday from Washington
and is at the Occidental. The other
American soldiers who will accompany
the Mikado's troops are Colonel Enoch
H. Cfowder, Judge advocate United
States army and member of the gen
eral staff; Captain John F. Morrison,
Twentieth Infantry, now stationed at
Manila, and Captain Joseph E. Kuhn,
Engineer Corps, also stationed at
Manila, These . appointments were
made by General Adna R. Chaffee.
•Colonel Crowder will be here to-day.
With Captain March he will sail Satur
day on the steamship Doric for Tokio,
where they will be Joined by Captains
Morrison and Kuhn.' On arrival there
they will report to Minister Griscom,
who will in turn conduct them to the
chief of the War Department, who will
then assign them to the divisions they
will accompany through the war.
Colonel Crowder will have general su
perlntendency over the' party.
The Japanese Government will supply
the American officers with every facility
for noting as observers the different
movements In which the Japanese
armies will engage. It will be the duty
of these representatives of our Govern
ment to cable to the War Department
at Washington news of big battles and
to compile official reports upon these
actions. Daily bulletins will be for
warded through the mails.
Captain March is well known in army
circles. He graduated from West Point
in 1SSS. He is thoroughly conversant
with the situation in the Far East. He
has been twice to the Philippines. The
first time he went in command of the
Aetor Battery. He also served there as
lieutenant colonel in the Thirty-third
Volunteer Infantry. Captain March
has been stationed at the Presidio, Fort
Mason and other points. In speaking
of his present detail Captain March
said:
"I am greatly pleased to have been
chosen as one of the four officers to
be sent on this service. We expect to
gain a great deal of valuable informa
tion, as we are to have every facility
offered us by the Japanese Govern
ment for observing and noting means
and methods of warfare. I think it
will be a long war and a fight, to the
finish. Of course, we all know of Rus
sia's great army, but only those who
have been In the Orient and are well
acquainted with the Japanese people
can understand what a remarkable
and wonderful race they are. They
are thoroughly equipped for this war.
They are a very tenacious people, and,
from what I know of them, they, will
never be bulldozed Into making any
concessions, but will fight for their
rights to the end. Their greatest
power, perhaps, lies in the very fact
that to a unit they are of the same
opinion in regard toj the stand their
country has taken toward Russia.
"The Russians, df course, are equal
ly obdurate and possess equal
amount of stubbornness. Both being
of unyielding disposition, neither will
give, but will fight until the last
resource is gone.
"I am prepared to remain away at
least a year and a half. Other Gov
ernments will have the same facilities
as ourselves and will undoubtedly send
attaches. Two of England's represen
tatives are at present in this country
and I expect they will arrive here In
time to will on the Doric. They are
Sir Ian Hamilton, quartermaster gen
eral, and Captain Haldore, head of the
British intelligence office."
CANAL COMPANY
READY TO ACT
PARIS, March 2. — It is asserted
positively to-day by one of the high
est officials of the Panama 1 Canal
Company that, contrary to the state
ment emanating from New ' Orleans,
no arrangement has been made or
projected .between the company, and
the republic of Colombia in connec
tion with' the. suits -.now pending be
fore,the French courts. , The official
declares there Is absolutely no diffi
culty in' the way of, an immediate con
clusion'of the negotiations' for' the
transfer of the* concessions to the
UNITED, STATES MILITARY
. ATTACHE TO- THE JAPAN
ESE ARMIES.
'Then came an elucidation of women's
rights and duties under the laws of
California, and the women went home
happy on learning from the lawyer all
the privileges they were enjoying,
without knowing it: also that they pos
sessed their privileges without the cor
relative "duties of citizenship. "But,"
said the club oracle, "the gentleman
didn't speak of the taxes we women
are* permitted to pay—and without rep
resentation. Wasn't that what the
colonies raised such a row about?"
Notwithstanding this diplomatic
omission the talk was a rare treat.
Here's to Mr. Ford as a club talker.
May we hear him again.
The lecture was followed by three
well rendered dialect stories by Miss
Noonan, after which the hero of the
day partook of a fe\v cups of club tea.
*— : ¦ ; *
ing one of the best teams in the East.
The railroad magnate plays polo
whenever the opportunity offers. The
game, he said, greatly Interests him
and consequently affords him a splen
did chance to get much needed exer
cise and recreation.
The party expecjs to leave some
time to-day for the East. -
The speaker then traced the spirit
of feminine progress through the Med
iterranean nations, on through the
days of old England— where a husband
couldn't, under the law, beat his wife
with a stick any thicker than his
thumb — across the seas to America,
where "the laws of witchcraft and
sorcery followed the Pilgrims to Ply
mouth Rock, and the spirit of the
Scarlet Letter lived through the colo
nial days."
Tirey L. Ford, clubman and United
Railroads attorney, has always been
suspected of cleverness In the amicable
adjustment of strikes, of wisdom in
dispensing advice to carmen and of
strategy in averting damage cases
against his company, but his dearest
foe knew not that h<» had surpassed
the achievements that fall to the lot
of ordinary men, and had become the
pet— nay, the hero— of the clubwomen
of San Francisco. And. mark ye. men
folk, how 'twas done: The Forum
Club, presided over by Mrs. Henry
Payot, extended an invitation to Mr.
Ford, by virtue of his legal knowledge,
to address the club upon a legal topic
of interest to women, and he chose the
clever subject, "The Lady and the
Law." And therein he made the hit of
his life! In fact, fancy and in gal
lantry, the address easily leads the
field of this month's unillustrated club
talks.
He outlined the progress of woman's
social and legal position thusly:
"With the dawn of civilization came
the first faint, feeble and halting recog
nition of woman's rightful station.
Thence on through the ages as civiliza
tion advanced, woman gradually rose
from the humble servitor of man to be
his proud equal and his household
queen. But the process was slow. The
Chaldeans framed the flrst code of
laws of which we have any knowledge
that gave to woman a legal and Indi
vidual status. But she was still in
bondage to the whims of men. Moses
gave to the Hebrew world a marvel
ous code of laws, but under its pro
visions the husband alone had the priv
ilege of divorce, and daughters could
not Inherit except in the absence of
sons, and then the daughter must
marry in her tribe."
By Snllle Sharp.
¦ Mr. " Gould and his two. sons are
great polo players,: a fact ; which he ia
seemingly proud 1 of, and" he laugh
ingly . that the trio, ' s with
"Ben" Nlcoll, prided themselves on be-
"I have been deeply impressed with
the 'indications of prosperity In your
State." continued Mr. Gould. "The
modern. character of the Southern Pa
cific "and j the " Santa Fe roads is ' very
noticeable to the experienced railroad
man and their equipment would be a
credit to any of the big Western lines."
FRIENDLY WITH HARRIMANY
Referring to his business relations
with E. H. Harriman of the Southern
Pacific and Union Pacific railroads,
Mr. Gould remarked that he and Mr.
Harriman a**e on the best of terms.-
The Southern Pacific connections with
the Gould and other roads to the West,
he said, were eminently, satisfactory
and he could see no reason why he
should contemplate an invasion of the
coast territory so long as these pleas
ant, relations continued. The same
statement, he kidded, would apply- to
the Santa Fe qonnections. He stated
that the .Wabash road. expected to' get
into Pittsburg by the middle of April
and that a great deal, of ; money is be
ing, spent to accomplish this work.
He has already arranged for an exten
sion of his railroad interests eastward
from Pittsburg to tidewater in Balti
more'and he remarked that the West
ern" Maryland . road would probably be
the nucleus of that extension.
"My trip to the coast," . said Mr.
Gould to the newspaper representa
tives, "was mainly for the purpose of
inspection. My family preceded me to
Southern California, where I joined
them and hoped to remain for some
time, but urgent business has called
me East again, and we decided to start
thither by way ; of San Francisco,
which I have not visited for a number
of years. I was pleasantly surprised at
the splendid condition of business af
fairs I found west of St. Louis, a fact
which I attribute to the fine crops of
last fall. In the East there was a se-.
rious depression and a slump in securi
ties, which has left a bad effect there,
but fortunately it did not extend to the
West. Business, so far as railroads
are concerned, could not have been bet
ter. All the available equipment of our
roads is being used, and I believe that
the other roads are enjoying the same
prosperity." ,
When asked regarding the frequent
reports that he is behind the Western
Pacific Railroad project, Mr. Gould,
with an air that would readily suggest
that he had tired answering the ques
tion, replied: "Not a cent of my money
is involved in that enterprise, and I
have never had any intentiornof invest
ing in it. I am not directly or indi
rectly interested in the road, and I am
certain that none of my business asso
ciates are."
George J. Gould, president of the" great
Gould systei.i of railroads, accom
panied by the members of his family
and several railway officials and
friends, arrived in this city from the
south at 8:30 o'clock last evening in
a special train, composed of four cars.
The party has been making a tour of
the Southern and Southwestern States
and left San Diego yes terday, stopping
over at Santa .Barbara for a few
hours and then proceeding on to this
city. Among the male members of Mr.
Gould's party are his two sons, Jay
and Kingdom their tutor, O. B. Hunts
man: Benjamin Nic-Il, a prominent
steel operator of New York; L. S.
Thome, vice president and general
manager of the Texas and Pacific Rail
road; E. T. Jeffery, president of the
Denver and Rio Grande Railroad; Le
roy Trice, vice president of the Inter
national and Great Northern; Vice
I resident Kramer of the Colorado Mid
land and a corps of secretaries of the
railroad magnate and his fellow pas
sengers. They were met at Third and
Townsend streets by W. J. Shotwell.
general agent of the Gould lines, and
by him later shown through the main
portion of the city and escorted on a
trip through Chinatown.
OX INSPECTION* TOUR.
; " -OTTAWA; Ontario, March 2. — A
cablegram to the" State Department
eSlj-8 that the .British Admiralty has
»*r>t a rnr^-of-war to Sdngchin for
Canadian missionaries and their fam
ines- The vessel will also call at
Wonsan. . .
.Warship |o Rescue Missionaries.
.thirig possible to prevent news setting
• <jut as to the.. operations of their land
; and naval forces. The night the In
drayelli was off Moji a war vessel,
¦ showing" no' lights, suddenly ran up to
t.he-H-ner an.d turned searchlights upon
• her, ' disappearing after making out
"her name. ' Otherwise the Indravelli
taw no evidence .of hostilities.
..ASTORIA, Or.; March 2.— The Ori
¦.. ratal' liner Indrayelll arrived here to
*day from. F-ar Eastern, ports. Captain
<?raveri says . he could learn little of
-the' war" situation in the Orient.. He
¦adds that the correspondents are not
I permitted to go to the :front and that
the two contending nations do every-
Suppressing All War \cwg.
Captain March Goes
.. as United States
Attache,
"I have i advised the President that
he is authorized to pay at once to the
Government of Panama the $10,000,000
provided for by the treaty. Also'that
he is authorized to pay- to the New
Panama Canal Company the $40,000,000
which,, under, the : agreement
the United States and ¦ that company
we are to pay for its property, and have
notified the . canal , "company we are
ready to close ' the transaction.;
"The details in connection with the
transfer of ;': the canal company's . prop
erty should, not 'require' 'more than
thirty daya." , • •
United States.
The officials of the United States em
bassy share the views of the officers
of the canal company that there is
nothing now in the way of the actual
transference of the ; concession and the
company's property. At recent confer
ences between Embassador Porter and
President Bo of the canal company, the
President pointed out I'.at two suits
are now pending— one involving Colom
bia's right to hold shares and the other
the general question of the company's
right to transfer its concession to the
United States. .
M. Bo was inclined to believe one
and perhapsjboth suits might be pro
tracted several months, but' General
Porter was satisfied, after hearing M.
Bo, that even if the suits are continued
they do not constitute any menace to
the United States, requiring putting off
the transfer. If this view prevails at
Washington it is expected that the
details of the transfer will soon be ar
ranged through the canal
representatives there.
WASHINGTON, March 2.— A con
clusion of the negotiations of the. title
to the Panama canal property is In
sight. Within thirty days, perhaps in
a shorter time, the United States will
be In full possession of the property,
and the money consideration will have
been paid to both the republic of Pan
ama'¦. and to the new Panama Canal
Company. ..
Attorney General Knox said to-day:
There are many drugstores in the
vicinity of California and Devisadero
streets, but at Hoover's, on the north
west corner of the street crossing
named," it was denied last evening that
any such young woman had applied
there for information as to a physician
who would treat her case. Dr. Ward
said last night that he knew of no phy
sician named Winslo'w in San Fran
cisco. The city directory gives no such
name in its list of physicians. | .....
Mr. Merchant, in whose family the
young woman's sister' lives, declined
last evening to disclose the name of the
missing girl or to give any information
that would assist in locating her.
The police are working on a new
mystery and as usual are doing all
they can to increase the difficulty of
its solution.
Last week a young Swedish woman
came to this city to visit her sister, a
domestic in the family of B. D. Mer
chant at 928 Van Ness avenue. Her
home is said to be in San Jose, where
the Merchants lived until about four
months ago. The young woman's
throat was ailing, and on Thursday
she called at a drug store to ask
where she could find a physician to
treat her complaint. According to her
statement made later to -her sister,
the Merchants' servant, this drug
store was somewhere in the vicinity
of Devisadero end California streets,
and she was there advised to consult
a certain "Dr.^Wirislow" at an address
which the sister cannot now recall.
On Friday afternoon she left her sis
ter at the Merchants' home,, saying
she was going out to consult Dr. "Win
slow. She has' not been seen since
and no word from or regarding her
has been received by her friends.
Mrs. Merchant communicated the
facts of the case yesterday to Dr.
James "W. Ward, the president of the
Health Board,\/and on his advice she
reported the matter to the police. De
tectives were at once assigned to work
on the mystery, but as yet they have
found no trace of the missing woman.
At police headquarters every precau
tion is being taken to keep the facts
secret.
Levinson was just closing the sajoon
for the night and was in the act of
turning out the lights, when two men
with handkerchiefs over their faces
ran up to him and. covering him wit:h.
their revolvers, ordered him to throw
up his hands.
Before Levinson was fully aware of
what had transpired he was .relieved
of two purses, the contents of which
amounted to about $40 in coin. He was
then thrust into the lavatory and the
door locked. He drew his revolver and
fired three shots into the' celling to at
tract attention.
Dan Cunaso, who runs' a tamale
stand next door to the Levmson place,
heard the shots and hurried to the aid
of the prisoner. The men had already
made their escape and no arrests have
been made. >V-'-V ¦'¦•'
Levinson says that earlier in the
evening a man dressed as a sailor of
the navy, but who had anything but
a nautical bearing, loafed around, the
bar, and, he believes, sized up- tfre
chances for a good haul. The sup
posed sailor was slovenly in appear
ance and had three or four days"
growth of beard. Levinson. says that
he believes the sailor's costume was
merely a disguise.
The saloon of Sol Levinson, corner
of Fifth and Stevenson streets, .was
held up by two masked men- at 1:13
o'clock this morning. ¦ .
WOMAN'S RISE
THROUGH AGES
GEORGE GOULD
IN THIS CITY
ROBBERS RAID
CORNER SALOON
NEW MYSTERY
STALLS POLICE
.'PARIS. March. 2,^-Gabriel Hanotaux*
former Mfrlist<"r of Foreign Affairs, has
. started an agitation in favor of inter-
I'erition by the powers "to stop the war
between Russia and Japan. It is bellev
• -efl that the Russians would be grlad of
such a good excuse to end the strug
gle in -which th*y thus far have been
the. "under' dog." '• Germany, it is be
• lleyed. also ;ivou!d be willing to join in
an intervention .movement,- if it. were
thought the- Czar would approve. It is
.recognized, however, that France and
*-. Germany, alone would be "ineffective, as
•in "that] cas.e the movement would be
• interpreted as .anti-British. . -.;¦
•' .'The intervenors, . .therefore t hope to
. jcbtain American support in their atv
tipns," and. eventually, support from
Grea't Britain as well, through the good
offices of -.Washington.. .
: French, official circles count much
upon the new movement, .as they be
•lieve Russia would be perfectly willing
•to a'ceept the good offices of all the
V>ow«rs> "provided it were, a combined, ef
fort.-thus, compelling Japan to do the
'•etnr.e. ¦ Lt is pointed out that Russia,
'. phould the" appeal: for intervention be a
• universal .one* could accept j with good
grace. as'.glViflg'. way. to the consensus
. of opinion! •::;: ¦*> ¦ •
Special Dispatch to The Call
Owing to this revolutionary danger
the Government has proclaimed a
minor state of siege and a mild form
of martial law in fifty-three of th«
seventy-one provinces In European
Russia. ¦ .
Starving rustics, continues th« Rund
schau, maddened by excessive use of
vodka, or Russian rye whisky, are
plundering estates and burning' out
lying homesteads, murdering land own
ers In all directions.
BERLIN, March 2.— The Taegllscha
Rundschau reports that Russia Is dn^
the verge of revolution. Local out
breaks have occurred among students
and urban workers and peasants. M.
de Plehwe, Minister of the Interior,
regards the peasantry as in a most
dangerous condition. '*.- " .
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
• America May Be
; Asked; to Act
Martial Law in
Fiftu - Three
Provinces. .
Starving Rustics
Are Pillaging
Estates.
The report that Japanese had landed at Possiet Bay for an In
vasion of Northern Jlanchurla is explained, seemingly, by a tele
gram from Vladivostok, which reports that about 2400 Japanese
have debarked on the northern coast of Korea and are threatening
Ilunchun, a Manchurian town not far from Vladivostok.
Martial law has been proclaimed In fifty-three Russian prov
inces, owing to the attitude of the peasant classes, which arc on the
verge revolution.
A^peace movement has been begun in France. It is believed
that Russia would welcome the mediation of the powers and it is
hoped by the promoters of the movement that the United States
can be induced to take the lead with a proffer of its good offices.
In a desire to accord fair treatment in its news columns to the
belligerents in the present conflict, The. Call to-day presents the
historical record of Russia's friendship for the United States dur
ing the Civil War. A controversy on this subject is being waged in
the Eastern, press, as a result or the statement by a prominent fin
ancier that the scope "and intent of Russia's action during the 60's
had been exaggerated.
Japan lms made a complete change In her plan of campaign,
and for a brief period Port Arthur will be granted a respite from
the rigors of war,, except such as" may be incidental • to, a reported
shortage of provisions. " ~ A ' land investment of the stronghold will not
be attempted for at least a fortnight, and during the last four days
even the Japanese fleet has disappeared froni the vicinity of IJao
trfng Peninsula. It' is to be doubted, however, that Admiral Togo
has withdrawn to a great distance, as he is not likely to give the
"bottled up" Russian warships an opportunity for escape. Perhaps
the crafty naval hero of the Mikado's empire has retired simply
with the hope of luring Admiral Stark away from the protection of
the powerfnl land batteries of Port Arthur. '
' . Japan's decision to temporarily cease the attacks upon Port Ar
thur Is made for the reason that for the next few days her activity
will center in the ad\*ance of the army' now In Korea toward the
Yalu River, where it will battle with the Russian land forces for
the command of the frontier. Should the Russians be defeated and
driven back, the cutting off of Port Arthur from its base of supplies
and reinforcements, would be an easy matter and the downfall of
the stronghold would be practically assured. Japanese troops to
the number of 120,000 are now nearing the Yalu and the flrst great
land battle cannot- -long be -delayed.
* St. Petersburg has been, stirred, by, a rumor that Port Arthur
is to be abandoned, the Russians, retreating northward in Manchu
ria. Newspapers which are regarded as semi-official are presenting
reasons for such a move, which indicates that it is receiving strong
consideration in Governrhent circles.
FEATURES OF THE DAY'S WAR NEWS
Belief That Rus
:sia Would Be
I ..Willing.
Intervention by
the Powers Is
Planned.
Revolution May
Add to Czar's
Troubles.
PEACE MOVEMENT IS STARTED IN FRANCE
Yalu Rtver Me
Slavs' Li lie of
t; iiDefense.
Battle Will Oc
cur Along Its:
Banks. ; ¦
Chinese bandits
Are Harassing
¦ Russians;
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, JHURSDAY; MARCH 3,. 1904.
WILL FOLLOW FORTUNES
OF THE MIKADO'S ARMY
The officers and men of the first line
are divided into. two those en
gaging for. both peace and war service,
who will be paid and be liable for train-
Ing in peace, and those engaging for
war service only. : > .. Uv-/;
+—_ s ; -r-T— 1 — *
4
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES..
"I wrote to
Dr. Pierce for
advice though I
thought surely
I would die."
•After my baby came In January, igeo,* writs*
Mn Nancy Abner. of St. Paul, Ai '*., " I suffered
severely from all sorts of aches and pains, tin til
the following May, when I read one of your
pamphlets treating on female diseases. I wrote
to Dr. 'Pierce for advice, although I thrught
surely I would die. as our physician tcld me I
was more liable to die than to get well; your
fatherly advice caused my health to be restored.
I took five bottles of Dt. Pierce's Fa»or«\e Pre-
scription, three of * Goidea Medical Discovery •
and three vials of * Pellets.* together Trith yottr
other remedies, and I am now able to do all bit
worts.-
Weak and sick vromen are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free t and
so obtain without charge or fee the
advice of a specialist upon, diseases
peculiar to women. All correspondence
ts held as strictly private and sacredly
confidential. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce.
Buffalo, N. Y. \ ¦ :."/v
The invitation to consult Dr. Pierce,
by letter, free, ia not to be confused
with offers of w fcee medical advice"
made by irresponsible persons who are*
not physicians and are professionally
and legally disqualified for the practice
of medicine.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription ia a
safe and reliable remedy for the enre of
womanly ills. It establishes rejrularity
dnes weakening drains, heals inflamma-
tion and ulceration and cures female
weakness.
., F J^- lh ' 9 Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on receipt
of stamps to pay expense of mailing onfy.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for the book "vx
paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
bound volume. Address Dr. R.V. Pierce
Buffalo, N. Y. • - '
.. . ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
ORIENTAL RUGS
100 HAMADAN and KARABAGHS,
75 SHIRVAN and BEL00CHISTAN3,
•• formerly $20.00 to $25.00, now JkJR |||j
75 SHIRVAN, DAGHESTAN,
BELOOCHISTAN and KAZAKDJIE,
formerly S25.00 to 530.00, now \jH 1 1 1 §
Immense reductions in KHIVA, CASHMERE, KIRMAN
and PERSIAN, carpet sizes.
While the ahoye items illustrate the remarkahle
values we are offering in Rugs, this Sale includes
Furniture for Hall7 Library, Parlor, Dining-room and
Bedroom; also Upholstery and Lace Curtains. .•* u
114 IZZ POST STREET- ST. PAUL,, March 2.— The Issuer (Minne
sota) County Bank, a private institution, has
closed Its ' doom. - Livingston Quackenbush is
president t of " the bank and W. W. Quacken
bush cashier. Liabilities and assets are $05,-
OOO'oach. .-¦.- ¦ ¦
WASHINGTON. March 2.—Secre
tary Hay, and Senor Quesada. the Cu
ban Minister; -to-day signed a new
treaty confirming the Cuban title to
the Isle of Pinea
Confirms Title to Isle of Pines.
WASHINGTON. March 2. — Repre
sentative Morrell to-day introduced a
bill making vessels of not exceeding
1000 tons, which on. March 1, 1904.
were licensed to enter, the interislarid
carrying trade of the Philippines, elig
ible to American registry.
Ships for American Registry.
WASHINGTON, March 2. — The
House devoted the entire day; to con
sideration of the District of .Columbia
appropriation" bill, but. did not con
clude action', on the irieasure. The
House, In committee, , decided, by
unanimous vote to. fix the minimum
rates which may be charge'd in the
District of Columbia for telephone ser
vice, or. for telephones in private resi-*
denccs at $25 to per 'annum. -
TELEPHOXES CONSIDERED.
M. F. Tarpey is at the Palace.
Dr. M. C Findley of Grants Pass is
at the Occidental.
Edward Berwick, a writer, of Pacific
Grove is at the Grand.
William Pierce, a capitalist of Sui3un,'
and wife are at the Palace.
J. Chambers, a merchant of Chlco,
and wife are at the Grand.
Fish Commissioner W. E. Gerber of
Sacramento is at the Palace.
J. S.Appel, a pioneer merchant of
Denver, .and wife are" guests at the
Palace. •
J. M. Shawhan has resigned his posi
tion as manager and secretary* of . the
Journal of 'Electricity, Power and Gas
and disposed of his interest in the pub-
PERSONAL.
While Japan was nominally pagan.
Dr. Harris held that she was more
Christian in spirit than Russia.
The doctor told how for thirty years
Russia had tried to coerce Japan, and
after a while how Japan stood for her
rights. Japan, said the doctor, was
upright and kept her word; while Rus
sia was full of duplicity.
Japan, he said, stands for twentieth
century civilization,' liberty and equal
rights for all, while Russia stands for
everything opposed to those" essentials
to national character and manhood.'
Dr. M. C. Harris delivered a most in
teresting lecture at Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church, Twenty-first and
Mission streets, last night, his subject
being "War Talk With Peace as the
Issue." Dr. Harris has had a long ex
pei*lence with the Japanese, and for his
labor among them has . received high
honors from the Emperor.
Minister Places Russia Rclow Mika
do's Realm in Sincerity of Pur
/'--,¦ pose hnd Civilization.
JAPAN HAS CHAMPION
IN REV. 31. ' C. HARRTS
LOS ANGELES, March 2.— Colonel
Griffith J. Griffith, who until his pres
ent trouble was rated as a millionaire,
was convicted to-night of assault with
a deadly weapon for having attempted
to murder his wife at the Hotel Ar
cadia, Santa Monica, on September 20
last, and for the first time in his ca
reer spent- to-night in a cell In the
County Jail. The case has been . on
trial for nearly two weeks, Griffith
haying been charged with assault with
Intent" to commit murder. His plea
was Insanity, due to drink. There was
no denial of the shooting," but his at
torneys sought to lighten the penalty
by urging that Griffith had been on a
spree of several years' duration and at
the'tlrrieihe fired the shot he was not
irieritally responsible for hl3 actions.
Scores of ., experts, some of whom
were brought from as far as Chicago,
testified in the case and every possi
ble, effort was made to show that
Griffith was insane. The jury took
no stock in this plea by the, defense
and after being out six hours ren
dered^a verdict of assault with a dead
ly weapon, the maximum penalty for
which is two years in the penitentiary
and $5000 fine. After the verdict was
rendered Griffith' was taken Intg cus
tbdy, by the Sheriff and spent - the
night in jail. There will be no appeal
from the verdict.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wilson and another desperado held
up fifteen railroad laborers at 'Callentes
a week ago, securing $3000. While es
caping on a passenger train, officers
tried to arrest them at Mllford and a
revolver fight ensued.
; Deputy Sheriff: Hlckman and two
passengers were wounded. Wilson re
ceived several bullet wounds and gave
himself up,, but his partner escaped. 1
Since, being brought to the .hospital: the
wounded outlaw has , been guarded • in
his statements and declines to reveal
the identity of his associate. He ad
mits having been a member" of the no
torious "Soapy Smith" gang at Skag
way. He also admits j having been in
the Sari Joaquin Valley at the time the
threatening-letters from the dynamiters
were being : received by the • Southern
Pacific Company.. ;
SALT LAKE. Utah, March 2. — In
William Wilson, alias J. M. Moore, the
Callentes bandit who lies seriously
wounded in Holy Cross Hospital, the
police believe they have one of the
gang who attempted to blackmail the
Southern Pacific Company by threaten
ing to wreck trains. It has been es
tablished that Wilson was in California
about the time the gang threatened to
dynamite the "Owl," and from admis
sions he has made the police believe
Wilson Is one of the band.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"There Is no thought or possibility
of the annexation of Santo Domingo
to the United States in the minds of
either the administration or the repre
sentatives of Santo Domingo now In
Washington. It has not come Into con
sideration and will riot. It is simply
an effort which is being made to ar
rive at some plan which will safeguard
all interests and put a stop to the out
rageous state of affairs now existing
In that island.
"It seems probable that some such
treaty as now exists with Cuba bring
ing, it under the Platt amendment or
some friendly protection may have the
desired effect."
"The State Department is disinclined
to take one - side or the other in the
revolution now going on because it is
realized that- this rebellion may be con
tinued 'for ttfe very purpose of inducing
the United States to intervene.
President Roosevelt has conveyed the
same Ideas to persons with whom he
has discussed the future of Santo Do
mingo. Mr. Loomis says:
"The administration is at a loss to
know just how to take official action
in Santo Domingo. The absence of
either regular or revolutionary govern
ment of a stable character makes the
problem more, difficult.
WASHINGTON, March 2.— A fair re
flection of "administration opinion" Is
comment of most officials here on an
•article In the 'New York Independent
by Assistant Secretary Loomis of the
State Department on this Govern
ment's attitude toward revolution rid
den Santo Domingo.
BANDIT WILSON
STILL RETICENT
Commander Sawyer of the' gunboat
Helena, which is in a mud dock at
Newchwang, China, in a cablegram to
the Navy Department to-day from Yln
kow, reports everything quiet in that
vicinity. He adds that the price of beef
is very high. ¦ . .
WASHINGTON, March 2.— The land
ing in force of the Japanese on Liao
tung peninsula and the beginning of
the land investment of Port Arthur will
not begin for a fortnight, according to
advices received here from what are
believed to.be reliable sources. It was
expected that the attack upon the
fortress would take place yesterday or
to-day, but these latter advices, with
out explaining the reason for the de
lay, show that there has been a change
in the original plans.
Army officers here believe that the
Japanese have decided that, with the
railroad connecting Port Arthur with
the outside world cut, thus preventing
supplies reaching the place, two weeks'
privation will render the final assault
easier. Moreover, as Port Arthur can
be safely left as it is for the time being,
the Japanese troops may be employed
instead "in Northern Korea and near
the Yalu River, where they are now
most needed.
Washington Learns
of Japan's. Change
of Plan.
An official of the Foreign Office
pointed put to-day the erroneous im
pression prevailing abroad that Rus
sian newspapers, owing to the censor
ship exercised over the news, expressed
only views sanctioned by the authori
ties, whereas, as a matter of fact, the
newspapers editorially have the widest
latitude and frequently embarrass the
Government by their unrestrained
criticism of other countries.
The correction of the original version
of the Vicksburg incident at Chemulpo
has already affected Russian . public
opinion favorably. The report of Com
mander Marshall, captain of the Vicks
burg, has been communicated to For
eign Minister Lamsdorff by United
States Embassador McCormick, and
the formal* thanks of the Russian Ad
miralty will be tendered as soon as a
detailed report Is received from the
captain of the Variag.
t The Foreign Office points out that
the view held in Washington, regard
ing foodstuffs as contraband of war,
agrees with theirs, if such foodstuffs
are destined for private individuals.
A difficulty will be to determine the ul
timate destination of such material. It
might be consigned to private parties,
but eventually reach the military Gov
ernment. The Foreign Office holds that
foodstuffs shipped in large
are subject to suspicion, as this would
be prima facie evidence that ' the ma
terial was designed for the use of the
military.
ST. PETERSBURG", March 2.— The
Russian Government earnestly desires
the conservation of the ancient friend
ship between the United States and
the empire. The opinion is expressed
here that the two countries are now on
the eve of a better understanding of
the points concerning which differ
ences have existed. The campaign of
recrimination, which is progressing' In
a portion of the press of both coun
tries, is deprecated, and the Govern
ment here specifically disavows respon
sibility for the utterances of some Rus
sian newspapers against the United
States, which In turn have Inflamed a
portion of the American press against
Russia.
GRIFFITH JURY
FINDS VERDICT
, Shipping men cannot figure how the
Northeast Siberian Company could af
ford to pay 5600,000 spot cash for the
steamships purchased.
The sale of the steamships does not
affect trans-Pacific traffic. 1 which for
two years has been handled chiefly by
three lines out of Tacoma, which ope
rate, larger steamships.
* ! j.
A young sea captain residing in Ta
coma says that a month ago he was
approached by an agent of the pur
chasing company and asked if he could
take the vessels to the mouth of the
Amur. • *•¦
TACOMA, March 2.— The Northern
Pacific's trans-Pacific steamships Ta
coma, Victoria and Olympia have been
sold to John Rosene, manager of the
Northeastern Siberian Company, which
holds important mining and commer
cial concessions covering Eastern* Sibe
ria from the Russian Government. In
this enterprise Rosene is a partner of
Ferdinand Peck, fcfrmer Minister In St.
Petersburg. The fact that' Rosene has
recently returned from St. Petersburg
and the further fact that so much ton
nage is not needed in the trade of Cape
Nome and the northern coast of Siberia
leads to the supposition that he is act
ing as agent for the Russian Govern
ment. The belief exists among ship
ping men that the steamships will be
used In transporting supplies, forage
and possibly ammunition by the North
ern Siberian route to the Russian army
By crossing Bering Sea from Dutch
Harbor, thence through Kuril Straits
and across the sea of Okhotsk the
steamships could reach Nikolaivsk, at
the mouth of the Amur River, and sup
plies could thence be transported to
the Interior of Siberia and to Vladivo
stok. From Khaborovka, on the Amur,
a railroad runs direct to Vladivostok.
Special Dispatch to The' Call,
ON BOARD RUSSIAN "WAR
SHIPS IN THE HARBOR OF
VLADIVOSTOK.
Russia Buns Steam
ships on the Pa
cific Coast,
Russians Show Less
Bitterness Toward
This Nation.
Under the direction of a committee
of leading citizens a grand ball was
given to the RuSsIan officers at the
Astor House. George Opdyke, Mayor
of New York, headed the committee,
assisted by Charles P. Daly, president
of the American Geographical Society;
XV. H. Aspinwall, J. TV. Beekman, El
liott F. Shepard. Royal Phelps, Hamil
ton FiEh and other prominent men.
On leaving New York, Admiral
Lissovsky took his Bquadron into the
Chesapeake Bay and up the Potomac
River to Washington, where, President
Lincoln and Secretary of State . Sew
ard gave the Russians a most cordial
The authorities of New York, as did
those of San Francisco, gave the Rus
sians' a grand welcome. They showed
the Russian officers over the fortifica
tions of the port, and held a military
review in their honor, besides giving
them a reception. .
The significance of these acts was
the more marked in that an English
fleet, to whose officers only the usual
courtesies were extended, was at the
time lying In the harbor.
The fleet sent to Xew York was un
der command of Admiral Llssovsky,
and consisted of the flagship Alexandei
NevskI, the Oslabya, the Peresviet, the
Variag and the Vitiag.
The Variag — whose later namesake,
built at Cramps' yards in Philadelphia
in 1S00, went down in glorious defeat at
Chemulpo on February 10 last — came
first, in September, 1863, followed by the
admiral and the other vessels early In
October.
The reception' accorded to the visiting
guests was in every sense unequivocal
— a most cordial welcome and hospital
ity extended gratefully to openJy,
avowed and ready friends.
NKW YORK'S WELCOME.
"According to Korean reports a de
tachment of 2500 Japanese, without ar
tillery, landed at Songchin on February
10 and marched toward Southern Man
churia.
"There have been heavy snowfalls at
Port Arthur and in Manchuria recently.
At Port Arthur there was 10 degrees of
frost and Vladivostok had heavy snow
storm."
rive at San Francisco was the Gaida
mack, which came in on October 16,
1863, followed soon afterward by the
flagship of th,e fleet, the Bogatyre,
carrying Admiral Popoff, the com
manding officer; the Abreck, the
Calevali and the Rynda, the last named
arriving on November 7. Ten days
later—November 17, 18C3—according to
the files of The Call of that date, the
civil and military authorities of San
Francisco and California gave Ad
miral Popoff and his officers a grand
ball, which was not a mere social
function, but a political demonstration,
which indicated a full understanding
and due appreciation' of the motive of
their presence in the harbor.
The committee that had the ball In
charge consisted of Hon. F. F. Low,
Governor-elect of California and chair
man; Hon. Ogden Hoffman, United
States District Judge; Admiral.C. H.
Bell, in command of the United States
Pacific squadron; Brigadier General
George "Wright, in command of the De
partment of . the Pacific; the Hon
Charles James, Collector of the Port ol
San Francisco; the Hon. H. P. Coon,
Mayor of the city, and many represen
tative citizens.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 2.— An of
ficial dispatch received . from Major
General Pflug, Viceroy Alexieff'e chief
of staff, dated March 2, says.
-"According to the reports of our
patrol to Pingyang and on the road to
W'usan there were no signs of the
enemy. Pingyang has been occupied
by 6000 Japanese, who include 200 cav
alrymen. No particulars have been ob
tained concerning artillery.
"At Port Arthur and In Manchuria
•all is calm.
LOOMS TALKS
OF REVOLUTION
"In my opinion the peace of the
world depends largely upon the main
tenance of good relations between
France and Great Britain," this person
concludes. "Let us not allow in
triguers, whose motives are known, to
profit by the fact that France Is pro-
Russian and Britain pro-Jap
anese to destroy the beneficent work of
recent years."
A power in Central Europe is actual
ly conducting a press campaign in
England with the object of creating a
conflict' with France, this person de
clared, and an emissary of this power
has offered a certain English journalist
a series of articles attacking France,
and, furthermore, a representative of
a certain Asiatic power Is also striving
to incite the English press again?:
France.
PARIS, March 3. — The London corre
spondent of the Echo de Paris has
telegraphed an Interview with a certain
person In London who, although his
identity is not revealed, is obviously
Paul Cambon, French Embassador to
Great Britain. According to the corre
spondent, this person declared that the
beginning of hostilities by Japan
came as an absolute surprise to Great
Britain, which had done its utmost to
prevent the war. ¦»
The spreading of the conflict will be
avoided easily, the correspondent's in
formant continues, if France and
Great Britain keep cool, but the great
est vigilance Is necessary to frustrate
the alms of Individuals who are inter
ested in creating a quarrel between the
two nations.
Gne European Nation
Inciting Powers
to Conflict,
No Japanese Between
Pinguang and the
Yalu River.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 2.— A dis
patch from Vladivostok, dated to--day»
says that, according to private report*
received there, three Japanese detach
ments of 800 men each recently landed
at Chiunchan, Korea, about 130- mile's
north of Wonsan, with the supposed
object of reaching the valley of the.
Tumen River and threatening: H"uflV:
chun. Manchuria, nine miles north, of"
the Korean boundary and about eight
miles west of Vladivostok. ". .
A fleet of ten Japanese warships was
recently sighted on the horizon, off;.
Vladivostok. They were believed to.be'
reserve vessels, not powerful 'enough
to blockade Vladivostok or endanger."
the Russian first-class cruisers whose ;
base is that port. - •'. .•¦'¦'
According to a special dispatch, froiri'
Port Arthur, twenty Chinese have been'
arrested there for signaling to the Jap-;,
anese ships from shore with flashlights^
and lanterns. A warning has beetr.i*-.
sued that similar offenders hereafter
will be treated as spies and shot.' ••
RUSHING WORK ON FLEETS/
Although it is denied that the pres-,
ent plans of the Admiralty contemplate
the dispatch of either the Black Sea
or the Baltic fleet to the Far East,; It
Is beyond question that both are being
prepared with the greatest haste., to
meet any emergency. General Altvater;
the artillery specialist, and Admiral
Verkhosky have been, inspecting. . the
ships and crews of the Black Sea fleet
and work on the warships Is being
rushed night and day. The battleships
Boradino and Orel and the transport
Kamtchatka are nearing completion at
the Admiralty dockyards here. In the
dead of night the ice-bound ¦ Neva- la
like an Arctic landscape, lighted fop a
half mile by the flare of blazing stack?;
the silence broken by the din of drum
ming hammers.
The battleship Boradino mu3t be
taken to Kronstadt to receive her.ar
mor and it is reported that the ice
breaker Ermak will be brought from
Reval to cut a channel to the arsenal
there. The battleship Alexander III, at
Kronstadt. Is ready and the Russian
fleet recently at Jlbutil, French Somaii
land. Is returning, so that when spring
opens Russia will have an imposing
naval array In the Baltic.
TROOPS WELL CARED FOR.
About 800 volunteer workmen have
left here to work at the dockyards at
Port Arthur and Vladivostok.
General Soukhotine, who is on his
way to the Far East, telegraphs to Wat-
Minister Sakharoff from Tomsk, Si
beria, as follows:
"During my long journey I saw sev
eral divisions of troops. Their trans
port was proceeding in perfect order.
The men were provided with warm
clothing. At Cheliabinsk everything; la.
under the close control of the military
chief of the district, who sees person
ally that the troops are supplied with
warm garments."
The Novoe Vremya to-day printed an
editorial on the "Anglo-Saxon rejoic
ing in England and America at the re- .
ports of Japanese victories," in which"
It says:
"The whole world, with those excep
tions, realizes that the Russian occu
pation of Manchuria would benefit civ
ilization." *. ' .Vy"-!
llcation. His retirement Is due to .ill
health, the result of close application to
business during the last two years. :
Fred C. Finckle, chief engineer of
the Edison Electric Company of Los
Angelas, is at the Palace.
. J. E. Kennedy, manager of the Audi
torium Hotel of Chicago, is here on a
pleasure trip and registered at the
Palace. „>- -• ¦; ;.;
Thomas II. Schumacher, traffic man
ager, and E. E. Burley. general pas-,
senger agent, of the Oregon Short Line,
are at the Palace. Schumacher has
just returned from Southern California,
whither he accompanied his wife, who
Is 111, from the East and will return
to Salt Lake- to-dav.
The first of the Russian vessels to ar-
President Lincoln and Secretary
Reward and the other members of the
Cabinet, and the members of the for
rljrn committees in the two houses of
Congress knew why they came.
FI.KKT AT SAN FRANCISCO.
In January, 1 863. Louis Napoleon
mad? an offer of mediation which the
C'air.U' d* Paris (vol. vi., p. 63. "History
of the Civil War") says "was a threat
wh)ch might he carried into action at
any- time." Mr. Seward received the
offensive dispatch on February 3. and
answered it on February 6 in what
is dVscrlbed T'Nic/ilay and Hay's Abra
ham Lincoln, " vol. vi., p.* 71) as "one of
th>-most important state papers writ
ten-during the war." As soon as the
contents of the French note were
known in Europe, Russian fleets were
ordered to New York harbor and San
Francisco.
"I- wiil not- cooperate in such action
and; I will not acquiesce, but on the
-contrary. I shall accept recognition of
• ;th'e- "Confederate States by France and
•Great Britain as a casus belli for Rus
* sia;.. and that ¦ the governments of
France and Great Britain may under-
. stand that this is no idle threat I
*:will send a Pacific fleet .to San Fran
cisco and an. Atlantic fleet to New
York.. Sealed orders were given to both
¦'admirals."
The. substance of the whole story is
to be summed up as follows:
. Emperrrr Alexander II, speaking to
Whaxton Barker in 1S73, said that when
invited ' ;by France and England to join
in' Recognition of the Confederacy his
¦Answer wafc: >*,';¦ x? ,-
¦ "It <s certain, however, that when
our' < 7 rovornment and the Union were
jmppr'jod by a formidable rebellion,
¦we should have found a powerful ally
in^ RuF?-:a • had an emergency oc
curred-"*
The statements <-.f Mr. Weed and his
deduction;; therefrom are corroborated
by authenticated letters and 'documents
cf Secretary £?e ward himself. Prince
Gortsr-'hakoft'. Bayard Taylbr (United
Stales Charge d'Affaires at St. Peters
bCrgr. at *txe time), the late Cassius M.
Clay; .Minister to Russia; a resolution
of Congress of -April, 1*6*. presented to
the'Cnx in "August of the same year,
ud'isa&f others accessible to the pub
lic thr/msn the medium of our libraries.
Thomas Willing JBalch of Philadel
rhia" Sn his recent hook. "The Alaskan
-Froniior," gives a number of authorita
tive .quotations 'from various American
and .Russian statesmen on the subject.
• In. 'House Ex. Doc. No. I, Thirty-sev
enth Conpress. third session, page 461,
-Is given a letter to Bayard Taylor,
.Charge d'Affaires in St. Petersburg
(1862). fr«m Prince . Gor.tschakoff, in
'which 'the latter says:
"liussia has declared her position and
•will maintain it.. There will be pro-
TfosalE.for Intervention. We believe that
•intervention would do no good at pres
.c-nu Proposals will be made to Russia
•to jn'.n in pome plan 'of interference.
'She. will refuse any intervention of any
rUind." ;
• • a.\n warns our-fofA
• Mr. : .W^ed.said further: "Louis Xa
poleon had invited Russia, as he did
;Englar.d,' to. unite with him .in de
xnanGlng th? breaking of our blockade.
The Russian Embafsador at London
informed his Government that -Eng-
TJind ivas preparing for war against
the United States, and the two fleets
were gent \o America under sealed or
ders: eq that if their services -were not
needed the. intentions* of Czar Alex
ander II and h:s Premier, Prince Gort
.Fcha&ofi. would remain secret."
- .Mr. -Weed adds:
' "lie added that other Russian war
vessels "were lying: at San -Francisco
.with; similar orders, and admitted that
the -seals were to be broken on receipt
bf news .of the' United States becoming
involved in war -with foreign nations."
¦. RUSSIA'S FIRM ATTITUDE.
' " T- am. here,' replied the Russian ad
rnirc.1, 'nnder' sealed orders, to • be
broken only in a contingency that has,
Xiot yet occurred.'
c . lliich has been written lately as to
the jhtitude of. Russia . toward, the
United States Government at the crit
ical-time of the Civil War, most of
which .Is an advance, of sentiment and
personal opinion without regard to
facts. , ' • ' • . . ¦
:' la' a recent letter to Marquis Ito,
¦ Premier 'of : Japari,\. 'Henry Clews, the
WsUnstreet financier, wrote- that Riis
. eja" jp3v« the U rifted-. States ncr help
jdurfnp ihe CivH -War, and that, the
.presence of the. Russian fleet in New
5'orK harbqr in 1£S3-~WSlS not an indi
: cation of good will. toward us.' Many
otner writers jiave. • followed this lead
¦and made comment without taking the
.. trouble ' io- look' oj> the facts of the
casi», .which st-and altogether in con
tradict Ton. ! . • •
In th« i 'Memoirs of Tliurlow Weed,"
a. rr,o'5t statesman of his
time ara an' intimate friend of Presi
dent-1'IJncolh. Mr;. Weed is~ authority
for.'. a. conversation' during the winter
'of. lse3 : «J4 be'tweon .Admiral . Farragut
and Admiral* L.issovsky, who became
warm fri?n.ds-' i vchen. as young officers,
-they.. Fej'ved. in the Mediterranean to
pethcr. Say? Mr.' Weed:
-•"Fitting .In- my room one day after
p dim-f-r. "Admiral Farragut -said' to his
• Ru-s-sJaln friend:*
. ";Whv~are you .spending the winter
here .in id!p7;f*ss?*. . ¦ •
Histopu's Recppd
? of OM - Tiiiie
: ; EpieMsMo. "":-.
Chinese at Port
Arthur Act M
as Spies, i
Small Force Is
Threatening i
Huncliun. I;
Intervention by
,; Qtiier Nations
¦ Prevented.
Russia Gave Aid
to Ainepica in
¦;•: Civil War/ .
Japanese Disein
fiark Neafim
BROWN MEN TO ATTACK MANCHURIAN CITY
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, - THURSDAY, MARCH ; 3. 1904.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
2®^| Arising, I
m i
I a V — 3
¦rttal Glass a
PmiWHIIII' ....jSA1LKD.
"_¦ 'ARRIVED.
, ,i i' ' Wednesday. March 2.
fitmr. Rainier, Hansen, U2 hours from What
com. - - ' .
. Btmr Aberdc«n, J Daniels,' 5 daya and 8 hours
from Portland. . ¦ "
. Btmr Iaqua. Jontensen. 09 hours from: Se
attle. ' ' »jJBiflHiltf ryg^*'"IB l B^3WHS
Late Sliipping* Intelligence.
OAKLAND, March 2.— A decree of
divorce was granted* 1 Martha Hand from
George Hand by Judge Ellsworth this
morning on the ground of Willful ne
glect. She was also awarded the cus
tody of the minor child and $25 a month
alimony.
Says She Was -Neglected.
The Civil Service Commission will
at its meeting next Monday night take
up the alleged violation, of the civil
service rules by the . Department; of
Elections • in employing twenty ;'. labor
ers who 'are ; not'on * the ' registered list
as the' charter provides."
Commissioners to , Investigate.
Funeral of the Late Rev. W. T. Bealc.
OAKLAND.* March 2.— The funeral of
the late Rev. William T. ; Beale, who
was killed yesterday by being struck
by a vehicle at San Pablo avenue and
Twenty-first street, will be held Friday
afternoon at 2 o'clock from the First
Methodist Church. Coroner Mehrmann
will hold an inquest Friday afternoon
at 5 o'clock. Rollln Blakeley, driver of
the .vehicle which struck the clergyman,
appeared in the Police Court this morn
ing on. a charge of manslaughter, but
the case was continued until Friday.
. OAKLAND, March 2.— The following
marriage licenses were issued ; by the
County Clerk to-day: Silvester Y. Lud
low, over 21, and Margaret Harty, over
IS. both of Oakland: Paul Williams; 25,
San Francisco, and Milllcent Saxtori;
21; Alameda.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, March 2. — The Pied
mont District Improvement Club has
appointed a committee to solicit funds
for prizes to be given school children
in the district for the best kept gar
dens, lawns, front and lpack yards, at
their homes. The club will co-operate
with the City, Council and John A.
Britton to procure rights of way_ for
the projected Cemetery Creek sewer.
Improvement of. Piedmont avenue has
been taken in hand. Property-owners
are letting contracts for concrete
sidewalks, curbing and gutters. Peti
tions will be filed with the City Coun
cil urging that the work needed be
ordered. .
Club Will Offer Prizes.
Secretary. White. of the San Fran
cisco Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children was present in
court and was allowed to take the boys
to San Francisco, that being their
home.
OAKLAND, March 2. — Ernest Schultz
and Henry Knox, the bold, bad bur
glar boys, who were captured after an
exciting chase in Alameda a few days
ago, were brought before Judge Hall
this afternoon and a charge of bur
glary against them was dismissed, with
the understanding that. they would be
dealt with in San Francisco.
Ernest Schultz and Henry Knox Given
Into the Care of Probation Of
ficer Wldte.
CHARGE AGAINST BOY
BURGLARS DISMISSED
OAKLAND, March 2. — Eliza W.
Eastin of East Berkeley, afflicted with
dementia, had to be carried into court
this afternoon on a stretcher in or
der to have her case set. She suf
fered a paralytic stroke a few days
ago, which, in conjunction with her
malady, has rendered her helpless.
Carried Into Court.
.BERKELEY. March 2.— William D.
Eastin,- a real estate dealer, residing
at California- and Francisco streets,
ewore to a complaint to-day in Jus
tice Edgrar'B court charging his wife,
Elizabeth W. Eastin, with insanity.
She. wa« taken to the Receiving Hos
pital in Oakland, where she will be ex
aniined. Hfcr malady is the result of
an illness of fifteen years' duration.
IIJnc*<>s IjkI- in Insanity.
OAKLAND, March 2. — Stephen B.
Smith, 49 .years old, 'a farmer, was
found dead this morning in a chair at
Redwood Hall, a meeting-place In
Redwood Canyon, across the road
from Smith's home. The deceased
farmer had been in ill-health. Cor
oner Mehrmann has charge of the
case. Smith was born in Missouri.
Farmer Found Dead in Clialr.
Pardon Proves of Little Use.
OAKLAND, March 2. — Though she
was pardoned out of the County Jail
only a few days ago by Governor Par
dee, Emma Wingate, daughter of a
pioneer expressman, of ¦ this city, was
sent back to jail to-day, for ninety
days. The woman is said to be In a
serious .physical condition. During
her short period of freedom she fell
into the' hands* of the police because
of misconduct.
OAKLAND, March 2. — The trial of
W. E. Barnes on a charge of grand
larceny for, driving away with- a
horse and buggy was begun to-day.
While in jail a short time ago Mrs.
Anna B. Hughes bailed him out and
married him in order to keep from
having to testify against him. : He has
spent most of the time since their
marriage in jail for one offense or an
other. *T--
Barnes' Trial Begins.
ALAMEDA, March 2.— Douglas Mc-
Adam, a young man who has been in
the public eye for several weeks .. by
reason of his tales of extraordinary
adventure in the Orient, was found suf
fering from an apparent epileptic fit
to-night at Willow street and
Santa Clara 'avenue. He was
removed to the Oakland Receiv
ing' Hospital. Young McAdam
has been subject to peculiar
lapses, and physical. He ar
rived at San Francisco on the trans
port Ixigan, and claimed to have been
captured by Russians, who had beaten
him and fractured his skull. The pa
tient was held at the hospital for ob
servation. This is Me Adam's third
attack in two weeks. .
Douglas McAdam, Self-Declared Hero
of Strange Adventures, Seized With
a Peculiar Physical Malady.
STRICKEN 1X)R THIRD
TIME IN FORTNIGHT
• OAKLAND. March 2.— The trial of
the suit :of the Alameda Vegetable
Company againn the Pine Smelting
Company was continued before Judge
Ogden to-day. The two corporations
aTo. both struggling- for an existence.
The garden trui k men have secured a
temporary injunction restraining the
smelter from operating on the ground
the the fum** kill the vegetables, and
.are asking that the injunction be
made permanent.
WoulJ Save Gardens.
Heindricks, who Is a single man. and
Shaughnessy quarreled on Tuesday af
ternoon at Fourth and Berry streets
and Shaughnessy knocked Helndficks
down, the back of his head striking,
the sidewalk with great force. He waa
taken to the Central .Emergency Hos
pital in an unconscious condition a^d
has remained so since. It is feared that
his injury may prove fatal. :. ¦"'¦
Percival Heindricks, a box sawyer.
living at 2936 Howard street, is at the
Central Emergency Hospital with a
fracture at the base of the slcull and
Michael Shaughnessy, 512 Fourth street,
is in ''the tanks" at the City Prison
waiting the result of Helndrlcks* Injury
before a charge Is preferred against
him.
Blow May Cause Death.
OAKLAND, March 2. — A contest
over the will of the late Thomas Car
berry, who died a few days ago and
left his property to Mrs. Mary Mulli
gan, was filed with the County Clerk
this evening by Timothy Carberry, a
brother of the deceased. The estate
is valued at about $3000. Carberry
claims that he is the only natural heir,
with the exception of a nephew and
niece, and that his brother was un
duly influenced by the Mulligans in
the making of his will.
' The deceased, prior to his death,
made his home with Peter and^Mary
Mulligan. After his death they pro
duced a will, in which Mary Mulligan
was left all the property. The brother
states that one of the chief t assets of
the estate is a promissory' note for
$1500 due from the Mulligans. He al
leges his brother was weak and sick
prior to his death and unduly in
fluenced and. that the will was not
properly witnessed.
Brother Alleges That Peter and Mary
Mulligan Exerted Undue Influence
Over Him.
CONTEST OVER ESTATE
OF LATE THOMAS CARBERRY
OAKLAND, March 2. — Walter Bree
den, formerly financial secretary of
Court Knaresborough No. S609, An
cient Order of Foresters, \ a colored
men's lodge, .has been arrested at
Marysville on a charge of embezzling
?250 from the lodge. Breeden fled to
Mexico last July after the organization
had accused him of being short in his
accounts. Nothing more was heard of
the fugitive until Monday, ..when he
was located with relatives at Marys
ville. Breeden will be brought to Oak
land for trial.
Walter Brcetlcn, Charged by Ancient
Order of Foresters With Embez
zlement, Is Captured.
FUGITIVE LODGE
SECRETARY ARRESTED
. OAKLAND, March 2.— An association
of the lumber dealers of Alameda Coun
ty has been formed within the last few
days. 'Most of the larger lumber firms
are members. The association has the
support of a number of the building
contractors of Alameda County, who
have agreed not to purchase from firms
not members of the Lumber Dealers'
Association, and there are indications
of a big building war in Alameda
County.
Representatives of the association
called upon Hugh Hogan, the president
of the Humboldt Lumber Company, to
day and requested him to become a
member of the combine, but he refused
to consider the proposition.
Contractors Support Combine and
There Are Indications of, a Build
ing: War.
DEALERS IX LUMBER
FORM AN ASSOCIATION
OAKLAND, March 2.— Funeral ser
vices over the late George P. Morrow,
the grain merchant, were held this aft
ernoon at the family residence, 416
Forty-ninth street, the Rev. H. H.
Wintler, pastor of Alden Emanuel
Presbyterian Church, officiating. Rep
resentatives from Oakland Lodge of
Elks, Athenian Club, Reliance Club and
Temple Lodge No. 11, Ancient Order of
United Workmen of this city, the San
Francisco ProQuce Exchange, the San
Francisco Merchants' Exchange and
the San Francisco Hay Exchange at
tended the services. The pallbearers
were Charles Laumelster, Frank Som
ers, Joseph Magner, "William Baehr,
Leonce Sheldon, Dr. H. P. Carlton and
W. Bray. The remains were cremated.
The Board of Free Library Trustees
closed the Alden reading rooms this
afternoon from 2 until 4 o'clock in
respect to the memory of Mr. Morrow,
who was much interested in the insti
tution. . ,vi
Representatives of Commercial, Fra
ternal and Social Organizations
Attend the Services.
GEORGE P. MORROW'S
FUNERAL IS HELD
The body was discovered by a track
walker Just after a light engine, which
was following: the Berkeley local, had
passed over the line and It is believed
that this engine was the one that
caused the man's death. From letters
in his pocket he had recently done
business with J. L. Barker, a whole
sale dealer in plumbers' supplies, and
he had lived in both Oakland and
Fresno.
OAKLAND, March 2. — With the
head completely severed from the body
the remains of J. A. MacDonald were
found upon the track of the Southern
Pacific at "West Oakland to-night.
From a union card in his pocket It
was learned that he was a plumber,
but further than that identification is
lacking.
Card in Pocket Shows He Was
a Plumber and Ills Name Wns
J. A. MaeDonald.
TRAIN* SEVERS MAX'S
HEAD FROM ITIS BODY
Dr. E. R. Dille. pastor of the First Method
iFt Church, cf. Oakland, addressed, the Young
Men's Christian Association last evening in
fc'tiles Hall on "The Record of Revelation." .
The invitation of Harbor Commissioner
Charles H. Spear to the College of Commerce
Club, which he recenlly addressed, to take a
trip about the bay has been accepted and
next Sunday Is the time set. A State tug will
take the students to all the points of interest,
lea\'ing San Francisco at 10 o'clock and re
turning at 4 o'clock. —
The sophomore class will nominate officers
for the 190C Blue and Gold at a meeting to be
held next Friday morning. Eugene Hallett.
editor cf the '(,.*¦ Blue and Gold, has offered to
take the c-ditor and manager elected on his
staff ro'that they may have the benefit of the
practice. I -
The GVee Club will sing in the Greek Thea.
t»r next Sunday afternoon, beginning at 4
o'clock. The programme will be a half hour
long.
BERKELEY. March 2— Rowing m»n at the
university were given a better status last
n!ght r.h»n the executive committee of the
Arsocl.ited Students agreed to take them under
it* wing. This agreement xrai« mad*, however,
with some re«*rvations. For instance, the row
ing ftMadatlea that has existed heretofore will
maintain its independence and support itself as
bert It may. Besides this, the executive com
mittee «rtU regulate the expenditures of It*
moneys, through the graduate manager, and
take a hand In the selection of the crews to
sc-e that they are chosen In fairness. About
the only compensation the boating association
will receive will be the prestige that will come
from being affiliated with the Associated Stu
dents and the right to decorate its oarsmen
with big "Cs" when they win In Intercollegiate
contests. Max Thelen. Professor O. C. Ed
wards and Graduate Manager Decoto and a
commltt** from the boating association met
to-day and drew up articles of affiliation,
which will be ratified by the two associations.
Charles Elrton. who was captain of the '07
baseball team. ha« been retained, assistant
coach for the varsity baseball nine by the
executive committee of the Associated Stu
dents. He will rot receive any salary.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
•Th» Elf Man" <P. Arrher Oibscn); (a} -Jm
rj^r L£iecr Wird Mein Scblummer" (Brahms).
<bl ••Staendehen" <Brahmf). (c) "In Pi"ardie"
.iFoot*). «1> "Idyl" (MrDowell). Mrs. Blanch
¦rrd; "SUIT At the -Night" (Bohm-Smlth);
• iiedcuin Pong' (Arthur Foote).
•- Mrs. Arthur Moore is the club accom-
Hfenist. and *he will be assisted by
"Miss Louise Hcsar. E. Dunbar Cran
daie Ts the director.
''Part I — ••SolJ>r»* Chorur." frcra "Faust"
(Gcunoi); "A Summer Lullaby" <S. Archer
GiJ.»cn>: "Tvbal Cain" Uohn C. Walling;;
4fiL '•Pleurn, m»* Y':ux." from "Le Cld"
iMa-sen^t), . Mr*. M. E. Blanchard: "lWrn
Fftirh Tondf? Ftrr" % «Bullard): "Saltarelle"
«5-a!*t Pa»n*>. Part II — "Winter Ecng"' (Bul
•r«ra);.'a) •B-ioti- and SaUdl**' 1 «Buck>. <b>
•fira t>r*am«" <Jol-.n W. Mit<-«lf). IZ. H. lit-
Ohfillrh: ••Grating at Dawn" (Mtx Bruch);
*. Mrs. M. E. Blanchard. the mezzo-
VoTatralto singer, will be the leading
Soloist, and members of the club will
also .be heard in foIo work, notably
Ki-pest McCandlish,. tenor, and Harry
f'erry.- basso. A glance over the pro
gramme promises a rare musical treat
to-morrow night, one number, "The
Tubal Cain," by John C. Walling, be
fng of local interest. This composition
is s-afd by tho?<? who have heard it ta
Ije' of a high order. This will be the
.first : time it has ever been . heard .In
public. " The programme Is" as follows:
OA.KLAND. March 2.— The most
fjpifliant musical event o" each, year
•in .Oakland is the Orpheus Club con
cert which is given in the fall at the
Maedonough Theater. The first concert
of\.the eleventh season takes place to
morrow, night at the theater and, as
usual," almost every seat In the house
fc!t$' already been reserved.
i)rjranlrjijioM Opens Its Eleventh' Sea
. mmi at tiro Mat'donmiuh Theater
'• .. " • Tlii-* Ktenins.
oophets cxrn concert
PROMISES GOOI> PROGRAMME
BERKELEY, March 2.— Miss LeU a Cooper
and Paul M.-' Jones were marii<Nl last evening
at the home of Rev. R_ S. Eastman of the
South Berkeley Presbyterian Church, who per
formed the ceremony. The . wedding vow«
were exchaneed In the presence of only rela
tives and a few, friends. -The bride la a daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Cooper of 2313 Rus
sell street and a graduate of the Berkeley
Hlzh School. Mr. Jones Is a member of tlje
firm of WeUman, Peck * Co.. San Francisco,
and well known In Berkeley. Mr. and Mrs.
Jones will rts.lde at 2313 Russell street upon
their return from a weddlnsr trip.
.The engagement Is announced of Miss
/•Kitty" Blachree of 2412 Milvla street ami
Howard M. Smltton of South Berkeley. Mi?-
Blachree Is a graduate of the n*rkel*y .High
School. Mr. ' Smltton Is engaged as an archi
tect in San Francisco.
A corty was given by Mr. and Mrs. J.
Campe at the family residence, 1310 Market
•treet. corner of Sixteenth, on Saturday even-
Ing. February 27. The occasion was the nine
teenth birthday of John Campe Jr.
A musical programme was first in order,
after which followed games, etc. A feature
of the programme was the sluglng of a. quartet
under the skillful leadership of Joe Ghlrardelll
Jr. Those composing the quartet were Jack
Monahan. George Campe. /Rudolph Druhe and
Henry Campe.
Those present from San Francisco were the
Misses Martha Vollers. Ida Nordhausen. Clara
Campe nnd George Camp**, Henry Campe.
Henry Vollers. Harry SegqJken. Howard Segel
ken, Tom Hlggs and Jack Monahan. From
Oakland, the Misses Bertha Ruedy, Elsie
Schroeder. EUie liaird. Hazel Laird. Bertha
Kipke. Lulu Thelss, Ida Thelss. Clara Thelss.
Llllle Clausen. Ethel Clausen. Gretchen Rohr
bacher.' Sophie Blohme, Anna Meese, Hermina
Blohme. Augusta Hlnrichs, Retta Street.
Freda Lehre. John Campe>. Carl Thelss, Walter
Loretz. Frank Loretr. August Nor. Max Joch
ner, Henry Ruedy. Carl Nash. Percy Nash.
Joe Ghlrardelll. Jr.. Walter Druh*. Rudolph
Druhe, August Zltlau and Arthur Richter.
From Alameda. MJss Alma Hand. From Elm
hurst, Walter Newbert.
The Misses Gorrill will give an informal at
home next Tuesday.
Mrs Grace Davis Northrup assisted Louts
Eaton last Monday night at the organ recital
he gave at Trinity Church In San Francisco.
Amor- several delightful numbers were the
"Biblical Songs." by Dvorak. Several music
lovlns people fro^r* this side of tly; >ay went
over to the recital.
Miss Virginie de Fremery. organist of "the
First Pre'bytcrian Church, will exchange r.ext
Sunday evening with Will King, organist cf
the First Conffregational Church, and at the
close of the regular services at the last men
tioned church will give a short recital Miss de
Frvmery has many admirers, who will be de
lighted with this opportunity to h-ar her on
an Instrument worthy of her mettle.
Mrs John Hampton Lynch is expected to ar
rive In Oakland next Monday. She will be the
guert of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. James
Moffitt.
Mrs. F. M. Dodge entertained the Hill Club
Monday afternoon, assisted by Miss Alice
Fhnt. . .
The Tuesday Afternoon T*V> Club will be en
tertained to-morrow afternoon by Mrs. Irving
Burrell at her pretty new home on Vernon
Heights.
Thursday evening. March 10, Miss Bessie
G. Yard will give a reading recital at W«n<lte
Hall, under the auspices of the Starr King
Fraternity. She will be assisted by Miss Ger
trude Weld Hlbberd. violinist, and by Mrs.
Arthur W. Moore, accompanist. The presence
of these three names on the prosramme In
sures Its success as an entertainment, for all
are artist^. In their line, of unusual ability.
Miss Yard has a very pleasing- manner and
her art Is simple and natural, her character
delineations being especially good. This will
be Miss Yard's last appearance In public before
her wedding, as her marriage with Chapel
Julson, the wen-known artist, li to U an
early April event.
Mr. Metcalf « pupils were assisted by several
well-known musicians, the. vocal numbers
belnr comrosltions by Mr. Metcalf. The en
tire programme was as follows:
Suite for piano and viclln (Cesar Cui>— At
Twilight, valse. scherzino, serenade, finale —
Ml»s Aimee Davies and Miss Mlna Clark;
piano, "Tannhauser 3Iareh" (Wagner-Liszt).
Miss Flwenc* Luke; songs — (a) "I Know a
Maiden Like a P.ose. <b) "The Silence." (c)
"Winter" — Lowell Redf.eld: piano. •"Fantalsie
Brlllante." Opus 4'J iChopin). Miss Margaret
Davis; songs — (a) "A Dream So Fair." (b>
"Zephyr," (c) "Cetait en Avrii" (MS.), (d)
"Until You Came" — MJsa Florlnae Juillerat;
piano. "Camavar (scenes Mlgnonnes). Opus 9
(.Schurr.ar.n), Mrs. Pauline Powell Burns: violin
— va) "Legende." Opus 37. No. 2 (John W.
MctcaU). (b) ••Canzonetta" d'Ambrosto) — Miss
Mlna Clark, accompanied by Miss Aime«
Davies; Sonata. C sharp minor. Opus 27. No. 2.
••Moonlight" (Beethoven) — Adagio, Allegretto,
Presto, agitato — M!ss Estelle Drummcnd:
eongs— (a) "At Nightfall.'" (b) "Break. O
Sea!" (MS.)— Lowell Redfield; piano, "Rl
cordanza" (Liszt), Mrs. Pauline Powell Burns;
'cello — (a) "Serenade," (b) "Dorf-Lied"
(Pepper), William Leimer,t. accompanied by
M!sa Florence Crandell; songs — (a) "Kach Hour
You are Away," (b) "Night and Morn" (MS.),
(c) Serenade in Seville — Miss Florlnne Juillerat;
piano — (a) Prelude (Rachmaninoff), (b) ballet
music from Alceste" (Gluck-Salnt Saens) —
Miss Margaret Davis.
Miss Florence Luke was suddenly attacked
by stage fright in the midst of a splendid
rendition of Wagner - Liszt's "Tannhauser
March" and was unable to proceed, much to
the regret of these who had been enjoying
her fine work.
The Schumann "Carnaval" was most artistic
ally executed by Mr*. Pauline FsweU Bums,
her ""election displaying* not only her ability
as a musician but her wonderful memory.
Miss Estelle Dnimmond Is one of Oakland's
coming pianists, and her rendition of
Beethoven'a "Mccnlleht Sonata" was ad
mirable.
OAKLAND, March 2. — As a respite from the
monotonous and daily card-club, society has
been flockir.ff in crotvds to the various musical
events that have taken place since the season
of sackcloth and ashes began, and none has
been better attended than was the iletcair
recital last night. The Unitarian church was
filled to the farthermost »eat with a most ap
preciative audience. Miss . Margaret Davis,
the pianist, was never in better form, an<i de
lighted her hearers with several esqulsrfie
numbers.
17. Thursday. 10 a. m. — Current events.
"Australia." Mrs. Frank Otis. 2 p. m. — New
book section; "To-Morrcw's Tangle," Miss H.
O. Soule; discussion by members.
IS. Friday, 10 a. m. — United States history.
"A Visit to Alaska," Mrs. I. N. Chapman.
21. Monday. 10:30 a. m. — German section.
22. Tuesday, 10 a. m. — English literature.
"Lalla Rookh." Mm. W. C. Halsey.
23. Wednesday, 10 a. m. — Spanish advanced.
11 a. m. — Spanish primary- 10 a. m. — Parlia
mentary law.
24. Thursday. 2 p. m. — Art history. "An
Informal Tall:." Mrs. Philip, S. Teller.
25. Friday. 10 a. ra. — Civic section. 2 p. m.
— Decorative art. An illustrated talk on "Bas
ketry," Charles Wllcomb, curator of Golden
Gate Park Museum.
2«. Monday. 10:30 a. m. — German p-ction.
30. Wednesday. 10 a. m. — Spanish advanced.
11 a. m. — Spanish primary. 10 a. m. — Parlia
mentary law.
14. Monday. 10:30 a. • m. — German section.
15. Tuesday. 10 a. m. — Music section.
18. Wednesday, 10 a. m. — Spanish advaneed.
11 a. m. — Spanish primary. 10 a- m. — Parlia
mentary law.
; ALAMEDA, Match 2. — The Adel
phian Club has recently issued the
bulletin of events for the month* of
March. The schedule is as follows:
3. Thursday, 10 a. m. — Current events.
"Rockefeller." Mrs. F. B. Weeks.
4. Friday. 10 a. m.— Cnited States history.
"The Eventful Yenr of 1780 in the South." Ml*3
Laura Bennett. "A Talk on the Life of Mar
tha Washington," Mrs. Waldo Parkhurst.
5. Saturday, 2 p. m.— Union meeting. Lec
ture; subject. "Love. Courtship and Marriage."
Rev. Philip Cone Fletcher.
; 7. Monday. 10:30 a. in. — German section.
S. Tuesday, 10 a. m. — English literature. "A
Glance at a C«ntury of English Literature,
1750-1S0O," Mrs. Gecgge B. Bird.
P. Wednesday, 10 a. m.— Spanish advanced.
11 a. m.— Spanish primary. 10 a. m. — Parlia
mentary law. 2 p. m.— Shakespeare section.
"The Tempeit," lecture. Mrs. Mary Fair
weather.
10. Thursday. 2 p. m. — Art history. "Cali
fornia Artists," Mrs. E. W; Ms.illn.
11. Friday, 1:30 p. m. — Advisory board meet
ing. .
Social Organization of Alameda Is
sues Bulletin of Events to Take
Place in March.
ADELPHIAX CLUB ARRANGES
PROGRAMJIE FOR TIIE.MOXTH
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
•County dork Cook, cs secretary °f
tfce- Hoard of Supervisors, ?aid to-day
vulh.his kne-wte-dge of the finances that
the board could wind up the year with
o'ut a 'deficit. "There 1« always the
same talk toward the close of a year,"
tie .said, "but I do not believe that there
•wi{l be any • u.nl^s the board keeps
on- .spending for the next four months
sf it did'th"? first six. This I do not
b<?lieve will be necop?ary."
• ;in regard to the Wleged pending de
ipcit in the county treasury. Supervisor
Joseph Kelly denied to-day that there
•would be any shortage, or at least not
entmgh of a one to speak of. All the
fc<?avy eifensts, he stated, came at
the beginning of the year, and if the
iexpefiM limit of 70 per cent had been
reached within the first six months it
;V;as no sign that the same rate of ex
penditure was to be k«rt up through
out the remainder of the year.
- "Accordirig to ih^, law as it now
kUiTAp, we are allowed to sppnd TO per
c<»nt of the total calculated expense in
th«5 firet Fix months," he said. "We
have been under h^avy expense in
-buIlSing bridges and repairing roads
en* «# have' lived up to this amount,
"put the work has been done and for
the rest of the year very little more
rdoney ne*d be expended. We have
Jctpt pretty close tab on what we had
and know about where we ptand."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March 2.
Austin was working amid the belts
and pullies when his blouse caught In
a cog-wheel and he was slowly, but
none the less surely, dragged into the
machinery. His left arm was caught
in the wheels and so crushed and torn
and that it was all but
pulled from the socket. The boy was
taken to the office of Dr. E. R. Sill,
where it was found necessary to com
plete the work of removing the arm.
The boy lives In San Francisco, at
the Presidio, but while working in the
East Oakland mill has been living
with A. J. Butler, at 1212 Twentieth
avenue.
While the shock has been very great,
it is believed that his youth will pull
him through. This Is the first accident
that has occurred in these new mills.
Ernest Austin, a lad employed in the
steel mill of the Pacific Steel and Wire
Works, in East Oakland; had his arm
torn out in the machinery this morn
ing, and the wheels were only stopped
in time to save his life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March 2.
Programme — Dr. H. B. Mehrmann,
Phil Wal?h and Charles J. H^eseman.
Committee of "The Rope"— Robert
Howden, V. L. Fortin and Ben O.
Johnson.
More than two hundred representa
tive citizens of Oakland, interested in
the welfare of this city, have become
members of an organization known as
the "Oakland Boosters," the object of
which is, as its name suggestsrto ad
vance the interests of Oakland and to
use its influence for the accomplish
ment of much-needed public Improve
ments. The idea of forming a "boost
er?" club was first advanced by a num
ber of Board of Trade members, who,
on a recent excursion to Los Angeles,
saw how the inhabitants of the south
ern city always presented a bright
picture of their city to visitors. The
plan met the enthusiastic support of
many of the merchants and as a result
the "Oakland Boosters" has been
formed and Its members are pledged to
the extermination of the "knocker" and
the "chronic kicker."
The officers of the new club are:
President. A. D. Coplin; vice president.
Dr. H. B. Mehrmann; secretary. Wal
ter Fawcett. At the first meeting, held
layt night at the room of the Oakland
Board of Trade, the following commit
tees were appointed:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, March 2.
The butchers employed in the mar
kets of Kohler Bros, and G. A.
Rothamel went on strike this morning.
The butchers' union has put the mar
kets on the unfair list and pickets have
been posted in front of them to enforce
the boycott. The cause of the trouble
is the refusal of the proprietors to
agree to the new schedule of wages
presented by the union, which calls for
a J2-a-week advance in wages. The
new schedule was presented to Kohler
Bros., who are the proprietors of the
Buffalo Market, at Twenty - second
street and San Pablo avenue*, and the
Excelsior Market, at Twenty - fourth
street and Telegraph avenue, and to
G. A. Rothamel, who runs the Pacific
Market, at Twentieth street and Tele
graph avenue, yesterday afternoon by-
Business Agent T. E. McGovern of the
butchers' union, and both firms re
fused to sign the agreement.
McGovern at once called a meeting
of the executive committee of the
union, and the men were ordered to
quit work this morning. Five men
were called out at Kohler Bros*, mar
ket and three at Rothamel's market.
The old schedule of wages for Jour
neymen butchers is $16 a week. It is
said that several other firms have re
fused to sign the agreement, and it is
feared that a general strike may be
ordered to enforce the demands of the
union.
1118 Broadway. March 2
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
With a pistol in his pnly hand, T. C.
Lane, a maimed brakeman of the
Southern Pacific Company, came out
of a lively melee in the office of Division
Superintendent Warren S. Palmer ot
the railroad at the Oakland mole'Mon
day afternoon and to-day he was ar
rested on a charge preferred againBt
him by A. W. Baker, an assistant su
perintendent under Palmer, who Lane
says attempted to throw him out of
the office. The accused man was ar
rested this afternoon, but was released
on bonds about 10 o'clock to-night.
There was a dispute over the amount
of wages he was to get and Lane went
to the mole to see Superintendent Pal
mer in regard to the matter. He did
not find Palmer, but found Baker. Lane
says that his complaint met with scant
courtesy from Baker and that he wa3
very shortly ordered out of the office.
He refused to go and says that he was
attacked by Baker and that when he
showed fight a second man came to
Baker's assistance. With but one arm
and attacked by two men he says that
he drew his pistol and made them stand
back while he made his retreat.
Lane says that he Is the victim of
duplicity and ingratitude. When he
met with the injury that cost him his
means of a livelihood he says that he
was promised a good job on the road
in another capacity if he would bring
no action for damages against the com
pany. He says that after he had re
covered he was sent down to Tracy,
where he has been doing work
that at the regular rate paid for such
work should have brought him 'about
$S0. Instead of this he was given $50.
Baker, when seen this evening, re
fused to talk.
Lane is well known in West Oakland
and has always been considered a man
of good character and habits. He lives
with his wife and family at 1032 Chester
street and those of his acquaintances
who know him well are surprised at
seeing him get into any such trouble.
1118 Broadway, March 2.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Heretofore rummage Bales have
been held In this city without regula
tion or hindrance and several of the
churches were given to conducting
auctions monthly, finding them to be' a
source of considerable income. Inves
tigation on the part of the medical
members of the Board of Health had
convinced them that the dissemination
of infectious disease has in many in
stances been due directly to the pur
chase and wearing of clothing discard
ed by persons afflicted with contagious
ailments. This has been noticeable in
the prevalence of measles among the
local Japanese, who are liberal patrons
of rummage sales.
ALAMEDA. March 2. — All goods
hereafter offered at local rummage
sales will have to be thoroughly fumi
gated under the supervision of Sani
tary Inspector E. C. Maillott. This de
cision was reached after a general dis
cussion by the members of the Board
of Health last night of the danger of
spreading contagious diseases by the
distribution of cast-off clothing at sec
ond-hand auctions.
County Clerk Thinks Talk
of .shortage Is the Usual
. Scare Toward Year's Close
Machinery Draws . Victim
Into Its 'Clutches, but Is
Stopped in Time toSaveLife
Two Hundred Business; Men
Across the Bay Become
Members of Organization
Spread of Measles Traced to
Promiscuous Distribution
of Old Wearing Apparel
Row Occurs in Superintend
ent Palmers Sanctum and
A. Baker Swears to Charge
Severn 1 Fi rnis E ef use .- to
Sign New Agreement, and
All May Be Called Out
REAL ESTATK Til ANSACTIQNS
.Manieda Count y. „
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 2.
Louis Gottrhall (administrator of estate et
Bridget Stokes) to Lewi3 Pfterson. lot on S
line of West Third street. 2S by 9*. btlng lot
*1*7. Nock 442. Adeline and Market-street Uoffle
slead. Oakland: $CVO. I
Kate L. and <J. L> Fit* (husband and *•
attorney). M. and Catherine A. McCann to
same. same. Oa'.<Iar.d; quitclaim derd; 410.
Gotten Gate Syndicate to »aiae,
same. Oakland: rju»telalm deed; $j.
Lewl3 FVtcrson (single) to Cannino and Ven
genza. VaocMo. lot on 3 line of Third street.
10rt E of LJnden. E 25 by S 04. lot 27. bloc*
4-»2. Adeline ami Market-street Homestead,
Oakland: $673.
Jose and Ros» de Senna <wlfe) to Nicholas
and Gertrude Xel5<n lot on N Una of -A
street. 133 E of Ettlc. N 96 by W 33, being »
fraction of subdivisions F and G. of lot '1.
block 7:K> Watts Tract. Oakland : quitclaim
deed; |ir.O.
J M. and Mary D. Barrett. A. J. and «o
phle 21. Sr.yder to Annie Martin (wlf» of Wil
liam), lot." 4 and 5. block K. Paradls*. Park,
Oakland: S10.
John and Amelia. 3. Conant (wife) to Llllaa
M Browne <sinKl«->. lot on N line of Thirtieth
street. 113 E of West E 37 :« by N 140. por
tion of lot 24. block 2031. Rowland Tract. Oak
land: ?10.
Ur;bert H. ar.d Dora O. Swayce (wlf») ta
Alice E. (wife of Louis) lot 22, block O, Bella
Vista Park East Oakland; $1'>.
Calvin A. Shaw to Mary E. McKenm lot
on SET line of Irving avenue. 2TS SYV of EMt
Twentieth street SW 5O by SE 134.72. lot 24
and S 13 feet cf lot 23. Map of Resubdlvlslon
cf Cor>y Tract. East Oakland; $10.
San Franoiico Saving* Union to John J.
MuIgreT7, lot on S. corner of East Eleventh
street and T>nth avenu«. SE 100 by SW 150,
portion of block 16, Clinton, East Oakland;
110.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to E. A. Up
ton, lot 21. block r>. Central Piedmont Tract.
Oakland Towr.ship: deed and agreement; »1<X
Realty Syndicate (cc-jxwation) to E. J.
Saake, lot 16, block D, sam». Oakland Town
ship; deed and agreement; $10. ¦•>_•. 'i
Charles II. and A. 31. C. Vortmann to M.
M. KoTley lot on W lin<» of Raymond. MTMt,
l.%0."5'; S of Fa:rvl<rsr. S M by Vf 122.45, lot 12.
Map of Alcatraz Tract. Oakland: Sift.
Masonic Temp'e Association of Berkeley <»
corporation) to Troy Laundry <a corporation),
lot on W Tine of Grove street fas now located),
2Z0 N of Alston war, N 110. W 125.77, 3 110.
E 12G.43, lot 8 ar.d portion of lots 7 and »,
block 1. map McGt>» Tract, portion plat 67.
etc., except E 10 feet lot» 7. R and 0, conveyedT
to town of Berkeley, C2i D 110, Berkeley;
«27SO.
Christine C. and Samuel P. Starr to Eliza-
Moore, lot en N line of Canter street." 253 TV
cf Sh-.ttuek BTCBS*. W 5<> by N 1.T4.C2. lot 33
cf EUbdivisicn map of block 1, Shattuck Tract.
X portion plat US. etc., Berkeley: $10. :
Valentine an-1 Olive H. Schmidt toll. U
Wurt3. lot 8, block 7.. map State University
Homestead Association No. :!, Berkeley; $10.
Myron L. and B.eb»cca W'urta to Mary
Ha ye*, same: $10.
Henry A. Svr.cer to Hazel K. Spencer, lot
bejr:nnins at point on N line of Peralta Park.
19.} W from K l!n^ of Teralta Park. W ta. S
C52, E alor.jr N lir.e cf Vcsen avenue to Inter,
section with W lir.» of lot 02. N* .100 to begfn
nlr.|r. map Peralt.i Park. Berkeley; also- lots H5
to M, map resubi'.vislon of same. Berkeley;
rift.
:-.-•....: to same, lot en S line of Railroad!
avenue. 4t*i TV of Walnut street. W 42 by 9
207:6. portion lot UL b!ock 2.X lands adja«.-«7it
to Encinal. le«s 10 feot for widening; Enclnal
avenue from ncrth end. Alameda: sift.-
Brugulere Ccrapanr (a corporation* to J. V.
Matte*on. lot on SW lin« of Washington street.
6j NW of Fremont avenue. ; NW :'.<> by SW 123.
portion lot 13. b!ock S. map subdivlalons of
XE porticn'of Sather Tract. Fruitvale_ Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Robert II. £3-1 Uora. O. Swajrne to Alice E.
James (-wife of Lcuin). lot en SW corner of
Wefcstfr «tr?et and Taylor avenue, N 12.
120. S 22, K 120. beir.? lots 4 and 5. block B.
map rlat c! rrcperty cf Jam»» IUd.de 11', Ala-,
meda; $10.
r.. E. Hall to A. C. Rhode* and O. O.
JamleiKin, lot ro S line of San Antonio ave
nue. 100 E cf Oak street. E 5O by S 100. beta*
portion cf lovts 0 and «. block R. map of lands
adjacent ta Kncir.a!. Alamefia: $10O.
Belasa E. and Charles Lot: Davies to Robert'
II. Bfake, let oa S line of Clinton avenue,. 1C0
B of Cnestnut »treet. E 50. S parallel wjth
Chestnut street to bonndary line of Rancbo
San Antonio as patented. W to point where It
would be intersected by line parallel with and
ICO E of Chestnut street. N" to beginning?, block
87. lands adjacent to Encinal, Alamrda: $10. •
nlnK. Aiameda: $10.
George Sturtevant to Geonro C Gale, Mot oa
E line cf Versailles avenue, 410.40 >T of-. San
Jose avenue las .«.w.? now exists), E 124.26 to
line distant 100 W from and parallel wlih W
line of Coll»s* avenue, X 43.9.1 to S lln« cf
Encina! avenue. W 127.33. S 44.29 to be«;M
nlngl A.ameUau $10.
Sama to same, lot on E line of Versailles
avenue <>"0 fret wida). 40O.0S X of 9an Jos*
avenue (as aacie now* exists). E 121. 23. etc.
N 40. W 124.2V, etc.", S 40.35. AlamedH; $10. .
BLOUSE CATCHES COGS
"BOOST OR BUST" MOTTO
WILL AFFECT CHURCHES
am: within the limit
MOKE MEN MAY FOLLOW
PLACED UNDER AKHEST
Alameda Health Or
ders That All Clothes
Must IfcLWell Fumigated
T.-.C. Lane, a One-Armed
Brakeman, Holds Office
Hands Off With Pistol
Blockmen in Three Markets
Strike to Enforce the
Demands of the Union
Club Is Organized, 'the Mem
bers of Which Will Work
for Welfare of Oakland
Supervisor Joseph Kelly Says
. That the Heavy Expendi
tures Have All Been Made
Young 3Ian Meets Horrible
Accident in the New Steel
Mills in East Oakland
WILL GO AFTER
ALL "KNOCKERS"
LIVELY FIGHT
AT THE MOLE
BUTCHERS WANT
HIGHER WAGES
ARM IS TORN
FROM HIS BODY
RUMMAGE SALES
BREED DISEASE
DENIES THERE
IS A DEFICIT
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1904.
OAKLAND, March 2. — Notice was
filed with the County Clerk to-day that
at a regular meeting of the stock
holders of the Emeryville Savings Bank
the number of directors of the bank
had been increased from five to seven.
Increase Directorate.
ALAMEDA, March 2.— Extensive re
pairs are being made to the long
trestle across San Leandro Bay at the
cast end by the Southern Pacific.Com
pany. 'Teredoes and time had work
ed havoc with the_structure, . and- it
will have to be almost rebuilt to in
sure safety.. The bridge is being wid
ened to permit* the laying of a stand
ard pause track- upon it when; the
Southern Pacific undertakes to make
a broad, scauge out of the;narrow gauge
line running to Santa Cruz.
Repairing Long Trestle.
BERKELEY, March 2.— Two new
banks have opened their doors in this
_city. The South Berkeley Sav
ings Bank-began business yesterday in
the - India building and the West
Berkeley Savings Bank, invited busi
ness to-day in a store next to the post
office-on: University avenue. . * The of
ficers of the .latter institution are: the
following l named : President;' M. P. W.
Albee; vice president, Francis Ferrier;
secretary. W. A. Gompertz; -assistant
secretary, C. D. "Maloney; attorney,
William. H. Waste. .; ¦ •:¦. .
Two Banks Begin Business.
SAN D I KGO— Arrived March 2— Schr Lotttle
Carson, from ; iCurcka. ...... .'..-.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
" "Wednesday," March 2.
gtmr nmiMwick,"- EIW sen." Fort • Itracsr. •
Bktn Ol.aner.. Schmehl, : Harbor.
Schr Roy Somer*. Sotland, -Grays' Harbor.
Schr Ida A, Campbell.- Point. Reyes,
fitmr Secuoia. Ft«:n, iWlllapa Harbor.
6
NEW ADVEBTISE2EKNT3.
MRS. MABY G&XaOVXOK ¦ *
Of PhillDsbursr. SXontaaa, Tails How si«
"Was Cured ot Dandruff. ¦ .
Mrs. Mary Gregovich of Phillp^fcurx.
Montana, under date of • Nov. 2.6. 1139.
writes: "I had typhoid fever this -sum-
mer, consequently was losing- my. hair
terribly, and my head in places was per-,
fectly bald. Newbro's Herpicide had Just
come into use in Philipsburg, and th*
doctor strongly recommended It. to me.
After 3 or 4 applications my hair stopped
falling oat. and is coming in agraln dulte
thick. I uaed to be troubled greatly with
dandruff, of which I am now quit*
cured." Kill the dandruff ' germ with
Herpicide. Sold by leading druggists.
Send 10c in stamps for sample to Th«
Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich. . , •
PIVOT TEETH
Inserted on broken-down roots,
restoring the natural expression
to the face. Gold and porcelain
crowns made for cost of material
Post-Graduate Dental College,
San JFraaci3oo — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington Street.
San Jcso— 45 East Santa Clara. Street*
Sacramento— 407 J Street.
bkaxch offices
of the gall in
alameda; county
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main lOSq. i-
BERKELEY-
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 17.
ALAMEDA.
1135 Piirk Strwt.
Telephone Eajle 502,,-' .
:•• .. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pears' soap is nothing
: Pure soap is as gentle as
0il to the living skin.
.- Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
Sold an over the world.
THIS^BLUE SIGNATURE
£^UAtVA^EES^7
[BEWARE OF "JUST AS COODSlSan Joaquln and Kings River Canal
and Irrigation Company Is Al
lowed 6 Per Cent.
In obedience to the mandate of the
United States Supreme Court United
States Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday
dismissed without prejudice the bill
of complaint in the suit of the San
Joaquin and Kings River Canal and
Irrigation Company against the coun
ty of Stanislaus. The decision of the
Supreme Court was as follows:
That hereafter. In 3 ca»» the- counties i of
Merced and Fresno shall -fix rates . in such a
manner that, taken as a whole, the rates In
the three counties of Stanislans. Merced and
Fresno would not insure an Income or at least
6 per cent, the complainant would not be bound
to accept such rates, and this court would not
bind It in regard to the propriety of rates for
the future.
Costs were awarded to the defend
ants.
$40.00 Fine Bedroom Suit for $26.00
This Week.
All this week at the PATTOSIEN'S
the entire line of $40.00 Bedroom Sets
will be closed out for 526.00 at PATTO
SIEN COMPANY, corner Sixteenth and
Mission streets.
The above advertisement appeared in
Wednesday's Call reading "$26",00 Fine
Bedroom Suit for $6.00." The copy fur
nished by Pattosien Co. read plainly
"$40.00 Fine Bedroom Suit for $26.00,"
and the error was made i by The Call
through the lise of a discarded copy.
This explanation is made by the paper
in justice to Pattosien Co., as the firm
had no such offer to make and the ad
vertisement as printed was misleading'.
The Best of All.
To bring your friends or mother or
family from Eastern ice and snow to the
glorious climate of California is to do
the best of all.
Santa Fe cheap colonist rates are good
during March and April. You can pay
the money here and the ticket will be
delivered in the East by telegraph. Why
not send? If interested, ask about it at
641 Market street, San Francisco.
Moral: The Santa Fe runs all the way;
see that the ticket reads "Santa Fe."
no posserble chance for me ter win out,
so I retreated an' de gang follered me.
Den we wua pinched." ,
i Policeman Joy's stirring story of the
chase came next. He saw the quartet
dash along Pacific street, and he "pur
sued. - As the details of the hunt fell
from his lips the courtroom crowd was
spellbound. Lady Gay Spanker's de
scription of how she captured the fox
brush, as recited by Rose Coghlan,
never held the audience more complete
ly enchained. And a great sigh of re
leased souls followed the final sentence,
"Then I scooped in the bunch."
His Honor dismissed Mr. Wallace,
held the women for disturbing the
peace and vagrancy and pronounced
the bartender guilty of peace disturb
ance. They will be sentenced to-day.
Robert McKay Is only 21 years of
age, but he has a record that "makes
him a veteran in crime. His latest
exploit in law breaking was when he
entered a Minna-street saloon last
Tuesday evening and robbed a "chair
warmer," " whose sole cash in pocket
consisted of 75 cents. Onlcer Small ar
rested the youth, and Judge Cabaniss
yesterday held him to the Superior
Court with bail 'fixed at $2000.
• • ft
Judge Fritz held Patrick J. Riordan
in $2000 to stand trial on a charge of
robbing his sister-in-law, Myrtle Ju
lien, of a diamond ring valued at $600.
Rlordan sold the ring for 550 to a per
son in Oakland.
Arthur E. McCooley hired a horse
and buggy at Conlan's stable on Cali
fornia street and drove the animal al
most to death. Judge Conlan will sen
tence him to-day for cruelty' to ani
mals.
• « •
About twenty-flve stablemen are de
fendants in the police courts on charges
of blocking the streets and sidewalks
by allowing vehicles to remain upon
them over night. There is some talk
of getting the ordinance amended to
make conviction for such an offense
more certain.
SUPREME COURT GIVES
WATER RATES DECISION
One of the deck hands declared that
he had seen Walters go over the wheel,
which, if true, would cause his death
almost instantly. The authorities are
STOCKTON, March 2.— Albert J.
"Walters of Los . Angeles jumped from
the steamer Captain Weber this morn
ing on its -nay up from San Francisco
and was probably drowned. George
L.. Price of Alameda states that "Wal
ters said he had been on a spree for
five days and was so afraid that he
would harm himself that he offered
Price $100 to remain with him all night.
He seemed to have plenty of money.
He also asked Price to Inform his wife
in Los Angeles and a sister, Rebecca
Walters, in Randallstown, Md., if any
harm came to him. Early in the morn
ing, dressed only in his trousers and a
silk shirt, and apparently suffering
with delirium tremens, Walters, sud
denly jumped from the cabin window.
A search was made for him on the boat,
but without avail. One of the steamer
employes declares that he had seen
Walters take a life preserver.
According to Price, who left for Oak
dale to-day, Walters was well dressed
and seemed well-to-do. He gave his
age as 38, and said he was employed
with the Pacific Coast Borax Company.
Price, who is a member of the firm of
Price & Son, Alameda photographers,
says thaj Walters took his money with
him when he jumped from the window.
! Price declares that he gave the alarm
1 at once, but the boat was not stopped
; and no attempt was made to rescue
; Walters.
F. S. Sutherland, known as the
"human fly" from his fearlessness In
climbing the dizzy heights of flagpoles
and steeples, is wanted by the police
on a felony charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses. The complaining
witness is J. L. Bronsted, a car
penter, living at 328 Eddy street.
Bronsted alleges that Sutherland
called upon him January 15 and
told him that he had entered into
a contract to tear down and rebuild 300
feet of the famous Eiffel tower in Paris.
He asked Bronsted if he would ac
company him, as he needed a good car
penter. Bronsted consented and the
following day he and Sutherland signed
a contract in which it was agreed that
Bronsted should be superintendent of
the Eiffel tower Job at a salary of $10
a day.
Bronsted and his wife left this city
for Paris accompanied by Sutherland,
who, it is alleged, on the strength of the
contract, borrowed at various times
sums aggregating $1000 from Bronsted.
After getting all the money Bronsted
possessed Sutherland disappeared and
Bronsted learned that the Eiffel tower
story was a myth.
Claims He Has Contract
to T^ar Down and Kebuild
Part of the Eiffel Tower
Man Had Plenty of Money
and Seemed to Fear That
He Would Harm Himself
OFFICERS AKE AT WORK
"Howl," replied the Judfje. pttp!
"Because my wife, telephoned that
she wanted to eee me," *s«ld the de
fendant
"I didn't!" exclaimed Mrs. Gill, from
her seat among, the witnesses.
"You did," exclaimed Mr. Gill. .Then
When the wife of H. W. Gill, barber,
left his bed and board and returned to
the home of her father at 531 O'Farreli
street, the abandoned husband adopted
a peculiar means of occasionally re
minding her of his unaltered affection.
It has been his wont to station himself
in front of his father-in-law's dwelling
and voice his sense of deprivation in
coyote-like howls that make night hide
ous. While indulging In one of his
sleep-murdering serenades night before
last he was arrested and the charge
against him yesterday in Mogan's court
was disturbance of the peace.
"Why did you do it?" the Judge
asked.
"Do what?" was the defendant's
cross-query-
• • •
Mr. Gardner lost not a second in ac
cepting the invitation. A perfect cas
cade of autocratic sentiment was pour
ing from his lips when the court again
abruptly stemmed the torrent and pro
nounced him guilty. He will be sen
tenced to-day.
"Truly, that was going some," Mo
gan remarked in admiring tone when
John O'Donnell concluded his re
countal of how he had made Frank
Quesner, highwayman, look like the
proverbial 30 cents.
Mr. O'Donnell stated that at mid
night Tuesday he was seated In a Te
hama street saloon and "not paying no
attention to nobody," when Mr. Ques
ner entered and courteously solicited
information as to the exact time of
day. With equal courtesy Mr. O'Don
nell drew his gold watch from a vest
pocket and was about to supply the
asked-for information when Mr. Ques
ner wrested the timepiece from his
hand and hurried away with it. "When
he recovered from his astonishment
Mr. O'Donnell started In pursuit, and
after a sharp chase overtook the fleeing
thief, grabbed his coat collar with one
hand, "plugged" his eye with the other,
recovered the watch and handed his
prisoner over to the police.
"Mr. O'Donnell, you're a wonder,"
said the court, "and you will find your
gallant conduct rewarded by the pleas
ure of seeing Mr. Quesner deprived of
his freedom for as long a period as the
law permits. I will sentence him to
morrow."
"Let us remember that you are not
running this court," exclaimed the
power that was running it, "and we
may get along more amicably. Con
ceding that you are a pleader of more
than ordinary ability, this court can
not forget your position and give you
free rein to dispose of things as you
may desire. Now, go ahead."
"Xever mind the priors," said the
defendant, waving his hand as if he
desired to clear the atmosphere of his
past demeanors. "We'll let bygones be
bygones and confine our attention to
this unwarranted charge now before
you. Let the dead past bury Its dead.
Let us "
Nell Gardner wanted to do all the
talking when he was placed flbefore
Judge Mog?n to answer to a chajge of
petty larceny. He was specifically ac
cused of stealing two buggy robes
from vehicles standing on the street,
and, after glancing at him a moment,
the Judge recognized an old offender.
"You seem to be possessed of an un
controllable penchant for taking unto
yourself buggy robes without asking
permission of their owners," said his
Honor, "for here we find that on two
prior occasions you were arrested for
that offense."
"With this testimony stored away in
the judicial memory the case was con
tinued till to-morrow." :"'
Several witnesses testified that to
the best of their knowledge and belief
the horse had been shod when it really
needed shoes and had been as well
cared for as the average work horse
belonging to a ranchman of moderate
means.
Further questioning incidentally
elicited the information that Mr.
Young had labored in the spiritual
vineyard until he found the pecuniary
rewards therefor inadequate to sup
port his ever-increasing: progeny. His
children now number twelve and he
wrests a livelihood for them from the
stony and sandy soil at the southwest
corner of San Francisco County. In
his agricultural pursuits the equine ex
hibit in the case had been his faithful
and uncomplaining co-worker, and if
the quadruped were not in as fine fet
tle as Lou Dillon or some others of its
species the fault was owing to the im
pecuniosity instead of to the malice or
carelessness on the part of its owner.
I am a ranchman."
F. F. Young, a former expounder of
the gospel according to Presbyterian
tenets, was the stellar defendant of a
large and varied galaxy that passed in
irregular procession before the tribunal
of Mogan yesterday morning. The
charge against Mr. Young was cruelty
to animals and the prosecuting attor
ney depicted him driving a horse of
enfeebled physique and ramshackle
equipment. His defense was a com
plete denial of the accusation that his
treatment of the animal had been
wantonly inhumane.
Policeman Knight swore that the
horse appeared to be anaemic and un
kempt, that his rear feet were shoe
less, that his harness was a mass of
patches and knots, that a piece of
loose chain flogged his heels as he tot
tered along and that the vehicle to
which he was attached had a piece of
rough scantling serving for a whiffle
tree.
"Where do you dwell?" Inquired the
court, fixing a penetrative eye upon
the mild countenance of Mr. Young.
"My home Is at the southwest cor
ner of San Francisco County, two and
j a half miles south of the Southern
Life-saving Station, on the ocean
beach," was the deliberately delivered
reply.
"And your occupation?"
General Lew Wallace's penned nar
ration of the chariot race in "Ben Hur"
has just been pronounced a radiant
gem of literature, but there were folk
in Judge Mogan's courtroom yesterday
who opined that it was paled in thrill
ing effect by Patrolman Joy's recountal
of a sprint in which he participated
night before last on the Barbary Coast.
This verdict may have been Influenced
by the fact that the novelist's effort was
purely imaginary, while the policeman
told of an actual occurrence as he saw
it. Truth is always more Impressive, as
well as stranger, than fiction. Then,
too, the printed page lacks the direct
force of the recitation. Policeman Joy's
diction may have been less elegant than
General Wallace's, but any defect In
that line was more than compensated
for by his eloquent delivery.
The footrace had origin in a "scrap"
that disturbed the peace of Gomez's
saloon and dancehall on Pacific street.
The patrons of the establishment are
Afro-Americans and when L. R. Wal
lace, a piano mover, dropped in for a
drink and a pas deux there was nothing
distinctive about his color. Lottie
Smith and Ruby Galindo, belles of the
dusky district, divided the visitor's
terpsichorean indulgence while the
liquid refreshments were, set up c. o. d.
by Frank Silvey, the night bartender.
According to the story told in court
by Mr. Wallace, the first shadow of dis
cord was cast upon the gathering by
Miss Smith. Mr. Wallace could assign
no other reason for her '"obstrepelous"
conduct than her jealousy of the atten
tion paid by him to Miss Galindo.
Whatever the cause, Miss Smith sud
denly informed Mr. Wallace that he
couldn't dance enough to keep himself
warm — that he was awkward as a crab
—and she could not torture herself by
tripping another measure with him.
Mr. Wallace, who prides himself upon
his grace and agility as a cakewalker,
resented Miss Smith's criticism. "An*
den, yo honah," he concluded, "suthin*
wuz stahted an' we all mixed. When
de bahtendah busted in I seen dar wuz
. . *
Labrade Morales, a middle-aged Mex
ican woman, who resides in Hinckley
alley, will be compelled to explain to
Judge Mogan why she refuses to re
store to the custody of his mother a
17.-year-old boy, with whom she has
become infatuated. Mrs. Floss, the
mother, yesterday swore to the com
plaint, charging the other woman with
unlawfully detaining a minor, and
superfluously added that the moral
character of her son's abductor is not
above reproach.
• • •
After hearing: the testimony pro and
con Judge Mogan decided that Mr.
Sparrow had been sufficiently provoked
by the defendant to make the assault
justifiable and instead of obtaining re
venge Mr. Derocavich was made the re
cipient of a stern reminder that if he
did not keep his face in its natural
shape he would be temporarily de
prived of right of way to the Sparrow
restaurant.
George Derocavich resented his dis
missal by Restaurateur George Spar
row, whom he had been serving as
cook, by standing outside that gentle
man's rotisserie on Howard street, near
Ninth, and twisting his countenance
into flcnd-like expressions every time
his former employer looked at him
through the window. So distressing did
these facial distortions become to Mr.
Sparrow that on Tuesday last he sallied
forth and attempted to straighten out
Mr. Derocavich's features by vigorously
punching them, whereupon the assailed
one had him arrested for assault and
battery.
• * •
Mrs. Gill repeated "I didn't," and Mr.
Gill retorted. "You did," until the
bailiff sternly silenced the lady and the
Judge shouted, "Stop it!" to the man.
"And you must stop your nocturnal
howling and . slaughtering slumber in
the 500 block of O'Farrell street," added
the court, shaking an admonitory finger
at the defendant. "If you ever come
back here on a similar charge I'll see
to it that you don't indulge in vocal
gymnastics tor a week or two, at any
rate."
LOSES ALL HIS MONEY
J. L. Bronsted Accuses F. S.
Sutherland of Obtaining
Coin by False Pretenses
Los Angeles Man Takes Fa
tal Leap at Night From
Steamer Captain Weber
With Twelve Children to Provide For He
Abandons the Pulpit for the More Lucra
tive Vocation of. Working a Small Farm
POLICE SEARCH
FOR HUMAN FLY
JUMPS FROM
STOCKTON BOAT
FORMER PREACHER HELD
FOR CRUELTY TO HORSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLY THURSDAY," MARCH 3. 1904:
7
AMUSEMENTS.
AT fV k FT A Tl Belasco A Mayer, i
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — Mats. Sat. and Sun.
Charming |||AA
Perform- R3 I V Y . ,
ance of ifllUlJ Anai *
Jorome K. _ _ ' _ Greatest
Jerome b LJ||RGy Succe«.
Comedy. flflUDDO
Evgs., 25c to 75c. Mats.,' Sat. A 8un., 25c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY — The Comedy o( the Tyrol
?, r ,c WHITE HORSE TAVERN
Monday. March 14, PABSXTAK.
Seat Sale Next Monday — Special Prices.
No one seated at Parsifal after 8 p. m.
CENTRALS
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
. TO-NIOHT— ALL, THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Sensational Eastern Success.
A BREAK FOR LIBERTY
Founded on the Famous Plttsburg Tragedy of
the Blddle Brothers.
App The Great Robbery !
V ¦¦ !¦ The Darirts Escape from Prison !
llLL The r.ace for Lifo with Horso and
w Sleigh ! '
¦— — The Battle to Death In the Snow !
Magnificent Scenery! Novel Mechanical Effects!
nnircc Evenings.... ,10c to 50c
rnltCJ Matinees 10c.. 15c 25o
. Next Week— "RIP VAN WINKLE."
MISCELLANEOUS AMTTSEMENT&
HAROLD BAUER
THE GREAT PIANIST.
iast Concerts To-NUht "&'numl"
LYRIC HALL
SEATS AT SHERMAN. CLAT A CO.'S
$2.00. 81.50 and $1.00
HOMER DAVENPORT, March 10 and 12
ALHAMBRA THEATER
FRIDAY, MARCH 4. 180*.'
MARTINEZ HERMEUNK
•Will Lecture en GEOLOGY, With Illustrated
Charts. -
Tickets on Sale From 9 to 12 and 2 to 4, at
Alhambra Theater, Eddy and Jones sts. -
GRAND OPENING PICNIC
— OF— '¦<
' SHELL MOUND FABZ«..
. SUNDAY. MARCH «. 1904. \
BOWLING AND SHOOTING .FOR CASH
PRIZES.
Slngln< by ' Se\-eral • Singing • Societies. - ;
DXKCINO-IN.TWO PAVILIONS.'
ADMISSION FIFTT CENTS— LADIES FREE.'
¦ . ADVERTISEMENTS.
Munyon's
I Paw=Paw
x comkade or gekeb-ai. ghaut
TESTIFIES TOR PAW-PAW.
e APT A IN' CHAItLES A- DeARXAUD,
Washington. D. C. the man of whom
president Lincoln said, "Congress and
th*i nation owes Captain DeArnaud a
debt of gratitude for hft services to
G«»heral .Grant." and whose damage suit J
frtr J^'OO.ono against General Farnsworth (
baa attracted such wide attention, says: j
"I ni a great- sufferer from vertigo and ,
could Tirrdly walk. A Grand Army com- j
rade induced me to try Paw-Paw, and !
tfie results have been marvelous. I de- j
.s'.re to thank you In behalf of all suffer-
' en' for the {rood vou are doing."
V^Jened) CHAS. A. DeARNAUD.
I want every weak and debilitated per-
?on to pive. Paw-Paw a trial. y
¦ I want every doctor carefully to test
.this remedy and then honestly tell the
public the results..
. "I want every clergyman, when he feels
exhausted, to take Paw-Paw and then
<eir his friends what he thinks of it.
• Sol»J by all druggists. Large bottle $1.
Payr-Paw Laxative Pills. 25c a bottle.
. ;••¦.; m/**
I guarantee this knife. No oth*r knife
of «juaj value trajs ever offered for this
money. Ccirea in pearl handle, wfth three
or fcur blades, and possesses the be*t
¦««l.«v«r temj>ered. CT 1 (\f\
• MV price Oi»vlU
. \MT SPECIAL. $2 RAZOR has no ira-
perlcr on <"arth for the money. No matter
•how particular you may be, it will plea»«
¦;:cu.
FCISSORS as low a* 25<r. RAZOR
STRUTS -from 25c up. TWO BARS of
•Williams 1 10c sra,i- SHAVING SOAP
v?r 15c.
Mail crdVrs filled promptly. ."-.:"
THAT iWAN PITTS
(F. W. PITTS),
Th<» Stationer,
1008 MARKET STREET.
. j San rrar Cisco.
''AyeJhere'stheRub!"
But'why not do away with the bother,
• fh» work as well, of home laundering,
¦wheji with our modern methods we can
" .and :d« tnrn o'ut family washing 1 in such
pood order and at such reasonable cost?,
'/Save your strength for other household
•' duties -ar.d .you will not regret the small
• additional expense.
# . N-o saw. edges.
: UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
• 2004 MARKET STREET.
'. . Telephone South 420.
Cross babies become good-
•; natured babies when fed on
. Mellin's Food. Mellin's Food
'• nourishes and pleases.
WeuM you like ¦ sample of Mellln'i Food
¦ to try? Yon may have one for the asking.
. KELLINS FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
-/f>)\ IMPROVED '{*^S
|?A Eyeglasses M
lj Spectacles M
i Any one knowing the
.whereabouts of CLARA
MOUNCB or MRS. B5RG-
•OTA please communicate
.at once with Box 2422 Call
Office. News to her advan-
ta£e. . • •
iASTHMA CURED
• To stay cured. Health restored. Attacks never
return. - Write for Book <50. free to any
AMhnu or Hay Fever sufferer.
Addrtee 1\ HAROLD HAYES. Buffalo, J»% X.
AMUSEMENTS. ¦* ' /'".^
VALUABLE VAUDEVILLE
...NIRVANA...
And Her Statue Horse "LoU"; Carlir*
and Otto; Al. Anderson and Bill
Brlggs, and Orpheum Motion" Pic-'
turcs. * : iy '¦/'¦•' ¦"¦'.:"%* "\- '¦<**:
Last times of Fllson and Errol;:
Girard and Gardner; George \V»
Day. and 3Ionis and Bonen.
• Regular Matinees .very. Wednesday, Thurs- •
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c,. 23o ¦
and We. ' .-.---:
I ¦ I V V/Ul-HOUSEv.
UNEQUIVOCALLY INDORSED /
by tl?o ENTIRE PRESS t • ;^
Magnificent Revival of Johann Strauss' Mast'f-
THE GYPSY BARON
A Romantic Opera, in TnVee Acts.
FIRST APPEARANCE IX ENGLISH OT
SIG. DOMEN1CO RUSSO
Th» Kavorlt* Tenor. ' .'"r. V""
MATINEE SATURDAT.
8ECT>*RE SEATS IN ADVANCE I
Usual Popular Prices : . . .25c, 30c sad 73ot '
Box Seats .* ....$1.00
What Is the aense of apesdiar Two Dollars tat
scats when you can see so dcllzatful '¦' ¦
a mnslcal comedy as ¦ •.
"ROLY POLY' f
For 25, 60 or 75 csnts? <r
Remember this is the last WMk and sis*. . .
rutwiU A-ppeaianc* of- ' : '
AND DILL i.'
Bear "RAMONA" ¦ and "DORA" — Son* H!ta»
. - Matinees Saturday and Sunday. ¦ ¦ - ¦
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. « :
• — ."THI 30 U JX D JUXS^ta.
The Great New York Casino Inrrn— ¦ '
First appearance of -RICHARD F. CARRQUa
and JOHN P. KENNEDT.
i HUrh-Clacs Specialties Every Afteraooa
aad Urmlng la tie TboroocUy
Heatod Theater.
. '. — TO-3ntQ3*T-—
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
ConcludiBK "With— -
NEW LIVING PICTURES
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIES IN THE
INFANT INCUBATORS.
! ADMISSION ...10c | CHILDREN So
. When PhontasAsk for- ••The Chute*.".
\\ — T: — F : — "-""
! Pfl.flfP DON'T FAIL TO
I aiaWV B€ c the bcMrtifal
¦f COURT Lour.giag
/Mm room, th* EMPIRE
aU ** PARLOR, the
.£% -. j PALM ROOM, th«
Hf/lfia LOUIS XV PAR-
Mfr" 1 *, LOR, and the LA:
U ± 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels room-
AMUSEMENTS.
SOLUmSSA itiasa-TBttTsi
H&PFWFI I FOUR NIGHTS. .
r/\l\CVTL.LLi* SAT. MATINEE.
DENMAN THOMPSON
(HIMSELF) to the great rural drama, THE
OLD HOMESTEAD
Last Time Next Sunday Night.
SEATS NOW READY
For the $30,000 Production of the
SILVER SLIPPER
The Latest Musical Comedy,
By the Authors of "Florodora." ,' v: ' ',_
The Sensational Champagne Dance.
First Time Sera Next Monday.
CALIFORNIA
THIS WEEK. "55^
ST Jamei A. Herne's Beautiful Comedy, jl
I SAG I
I HARBOR I
B Eat. Mat— Reception to AMY HAM- I
Kj LIN on stage after performance. f|
H 6UNDAY— DANIEL SULLY hi @
B "TH5 CHIEF JUSTICE." »
—.MATTSrEE SATUBDAT...-
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
FRANK BACON
In Judson C. Brusle's Comedy Drama,
Tie HILLS OF CALIEOIIA
DDirCC Evenings 15c, 25c, BOc, 75«
rttlCLO rJatlnees.. 15c, 23c. 50c
MARCH 21st— MRS. FISKE
In MARY OF MAGDALA.
Sale of Seats Begin* Monday, March 14.
Racing Ijlll^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
' NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
Racing Each Week Day, Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races ' commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
• For special trains. stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market «tre#t. at 12. 12:30.
1:00,1:30 or 2 o" clock. No smoking In last two
"car*, which are reserved for ladles and their
escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
i PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual orsans. Depot. 323 Market.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AT>v KK.TTRBM MNTHI ' V . . '
THE IDEAL WINTER
ROUTE TO THE EAST
IS via El Paso and the Rock Island
It takes you through orange groves and
across a sea of salt; past the crumbling
• ruins of old missions and under the shadow 1
fof mountains compared svith which Gib- I)
ralter is a plaything; across rivers and I
plains, glittering^ in the rays of the most |-
brilliant sunshine- in America; through. B
towns that have grown up in a night and ¦
others that were old before New England 1.
was new . • H:
Climatically, no other trans-continental I
route compares with it. No high altitudes; ft'
little or no snow and for three-fourths of I.
the way, no cold weather. I
Through trains daily, Los Angeles to H
Chicago. Standard and tourist sleepers, K
coaches, chair cars, diner. Full infofma- i
tion on request v' |
WC. A. RUTHERFORD, . . ' • B
District Passenger A sent, 3'
i^l Market St., Sjn Francisco, CiL . '
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
||j^i& Styles
' S M Nowln
r^m^^ $ 1.30 to$ 4.00
Our spring. stock of hats is now * a »s5«j8P^ s e~-te
ready for our many customers. J^^^^^Mii^^K
The assortment is Derbies and
soft hats, in the latest shapes and
light spring colors, also black. The
Norfolk golf caps, with plaits ft '^ J^Nlujfc&Z'
and strap on top, indestructible fc\
snap visor, silk lined, for 4bc. / n.'-\- ,*^^^^^'Co
Out-of-town orders filled — write us j,^^^^^?'.
740. Market Street - 'Humor in Little Tots.
'¦¦-. BT CHAKLnS FRKDKRIC GOP?. D-D.
(Author at '"Litlie Saint Sunshine." "The
"Loom of Llf»," otc.)
." {Copyright. 1904, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
¦ There are nja-ny good "people" who
• Ere not good "parents." The qualities
' trhlch make a man a first-class gen
: -eral or banker or statesman or mer
chant do not necessarily make a first
"vlass father; nor do those which make
.'•a' woman a brilliant social leader or
;.rlub president or prize winner at whist
• -parties, necessarily make a model
-jn other.
'.- In order to name all the qualities
"that go to make good parents one
•V-Culd have" to furnish a complete
jcatalogue of human virtues, but there
•are. a few that are essential.
.-. . • • •
"• . And for -the first I select "a pro
•rcKind sense of personal responsibilr
lly." But some parents seem to re
gard themselves as merely links in the
•*«.:hain of life, to draw the next genera
tion after them with as much indif
/terence as iho links of a pump chain
; f'?el iti drawing one another over the
wheel! If the only influence in the
evolution of a child's life were
'^heredity, this might do. But environ
ment is, after ail, the main, shaping
""jjouer of character, and the true
parent feels that every day of a child's
life is a judgment day for him! He
"appreciates the perils of shipwreck.
• He nieaf uros the tragedy of moral
-ruin. He holds himself accountable to
God for the character and destiny of
this b?ing he has summoned into life.
For the second 1 select "a 1 beautiful
Mending of sternness with gentleness."
I.t will not do for the father 10 be all j
.<>.ne and the mother all the other.
•JJa.cli must be both. But how difficult
;n is to keep the soul in this fine I
«-<!ui!ibriurr. — to be as hard as steel '
.and immovable as granite when a I
.cfeUd nef ds to be curbed or chastened i
:md . to be tis fluid as water and as I
caressing as air in all those moments '
.vvhen it needs sympathy and tender
.iksj! If you are not the first, the i
child will trample you under its feet, j
and if you are not the second it will |
.-consider you "an iceberg!
- ' In the third place (he prepared for a ¦
furprife) I name "a keen sense of i
humor." So great is the importance of ¦
thi5 pxacf in dealing with child life and j
.«o little recognition has it had that 1 1
may seem to exaggerate and throw it j
out of all proportion. But I had al- j
'•nost said: "PeoDle who cannot see a^
•jj">ke have no business being parents!";
Childhood is certain to be full of ab- '
¦ .-urditics. In adjusting themselves to !
the existing conventionalities of life Ceo j
many cf Which are irrational) the lit- •
tie i>eople will make ludicrous blunders '
by an unavoidable necessity. Nine- 1
•i-enths of th<* things they do in contra- !
diction to - the existing customs are I
as rational as the customs them- j
'selves, and are done because they can- !
.not see any reason in many things :
being as they are (and no more can ;
•- A tea-cher became exasperated ¦ with
a little fellow who always said, "I have j
went- home," and made him stay after!
School until he had written the correct!
.phrase, "I have gone home," 500 timps. ¦
¦l'.ut at the end of the long columns he j
; addcd, "Dear teacher. I have got j
through and**i<=nt home!"
A Uttle girl was writing a composition '
en- "The Rabbit," and found herself in
the i>redirament of the port Schiller,'
¦who said of himself, "I have been for
•years trying to describe a hero without
-ever having seen one." This being the
case with the Ilftle girl, ehe asked the j
teacher "if the rabbit had a tail." "A |
Fmall one— none to ppeak of," ghe re-
T-lted. Whereupon the little girl af
firmed in writing: "The rabbit has a
rmall tail, but you must not speak of
it." ;
¦ Now, what is the parent to do who !
hasn't a keen sense of the humor ini
the thousand and one situations into!
which the ignorance of childhood i
crowds it, a-nd the quaint remarks in |
which it describes its impressions of
life? ¦'¦?¦• - ; :,L'
A stranger was calling in a home
that was full of noisy boys. A half
dcz«n of- them were rolling and tum
bling en the dining-room floor, shout- j
ing ancJ pounding each other until the I
truest tiecanw- alarmed and asked the J
father why he did not interfere. The
p.jod man had not even heard them, s
hat looking over his shoulder -at the i
r'otcuF mob he paid with the utmost
tranquillity, "I>»t the lambs play!"
II i.« the ability to distinguish the
l»mbl!k<> from the wolverine qualities
in the rhild thp.t makes the wise pa
rent- And this true perception is root
od in the sense of humor. The sub
lime and the ridiculous.the crave and
the sray lie so rlose' together as to be
flirtingTiisbabie only bS' a trained sense
of th<"ir true relations. "Humor is
the invisible tear in the visible smile."
"Humor i* of a genial quality and
«-!ose!y allied to pity."
.Ah! There you come upon the deep
Virjd subtle beauty of a sense. of humor
in the parent! It is the feeling of pity
that lies bark of the emotion of fun.
All right minded parents realize the
;>ath?tic element in the ignorance and
Snexncrience of. the child. They laugh,
but 'hy also weep (secretly) at the
piteous situations in which the little
stranger flnds itself among all the ar
tificial conventions of our stiff and
formal social system. There is some
thing terrible about pouring the fluid
nnture of a little child into this rigid '
BECAUSE the usual spring floods, in the rivers of
California, are the only floods we have, the papers
make much of them for news purposes, but it is
well not to make too much, lest they be taken by East
ern readers as the £&.ual of the floods in the valleys of
the Ohio and the lower Mississippi country. . With
every acre counted, the tilled lands involved in our floods
seldom reach 50000 acres. While the flood is a very
serious matter to the owners of the inundated lands, it
makes comparatively little impression upon the general
production of the State.
Our rivers are land builders and these floods- transport
silt that raises the general level of the country. Man
cannot wait for nature to complete her slow construc
tion. He wants to use the land before its natural level
is completed, and does so by shutting out the water with
dykes and levees. When the rising waters make a
breach in these, the land is temporarily submerged, but
in the process it is raised a little and its fertility is in
creased, so that its future production compensates for
the loss of part of one season's crop and the cost of re
pairs. The water soon recedes and the same land is
planted later in the season, for the climate of California
permits the use of land for such a variety of crops that
only lack of water can keep land out of action for a
whole crop j-ear.
Putting floods among the accidents to which agricul
ture is liable in a very small part of California, an ex
amination of the effect and comparison with the accidents
that beset crops in the East leave such a balance in our
favor that it may be said that a wise farmer in the East
would gladly trade his chances for ours. There an in
exorable condition limits him to one crop a year. If we*t
weather destroy his small grain in the shock, or early
frost spoil his corn, he cannot plant a later crop of any
thing, and if the loss be so, large as to disorder his
finances, he burdens his land with a mortgage to tide him
over to the next seed time. Here he waits a brief space
and then crops his land to something else, for every day
in the year is seed time and harvest in California. Most
of the flood districts, in the sag of the great valley of Cal
ifornia where the. waters meet, in six weeks from now
will show no sign of the inundation, but every acre will
be growing some crop. The land owners whose fields
are involved naturally protest against 'such publications
as make possible an analogy between these floods and
the vast disasters of the same kind on Eastern rivers.
When the enormous drainage of the Mississippi and
Missouri rivers joins, and the snows of Nebraska, the
Dakotas and on the far watershed of the Yellowstone
melt and meet the rains on the drainage basin of the
Mississippi, an overflow is caused that overwhelms mil
lions of acres from Quincy to New Orleans. These
floods sweep away the crop possibilities of an entire year.
They cover a width of more than a hundred miles, and
their occurrence is a calamity that affects the revenues
of States, and the welfare of millions of people. In a
misfortune so vast the little and brief floods of the val
ley of California are lost sight of entirely.
Those Eastern floods frequently make necessary the
intervention of the Federal Government, and large ap
propriations are made from the Federal treasury, hi vain
effort to check them or to aid the people who are im
poverished by them. In this State the land subject to
occasional overflow is of great fertility, because it is
flood made land, the alluvium dissolved and divided fine
ly by the water, to make it the best medium for plant
food. This land is the equal of that built up by the an
nual floods of the Nile, on which were the world's an
cient granaries, and which to-day, under more skillful
cultivation, is regenerating Egypt, industrially and finan
cially, making it a greater country than the shepherd
kings dreamed of.
But California could spare all of these flood lands, and
by transferring the energies of their owners to other
fields suffer no loss in production. While this could be
done^t will not be, for the reason that there is no need
of it. These lands will continue to pour their product
into our horn of plenty, and their owners will prosper in
spite of storm and flood.
. mold and expecting it to take. the un
natural shapes without blunders and
protests.
Many tragic sights that I have seen
in homes where such formalism ex
ist and where childhood is judged
by parents who have no sense of hu
mor make me feel a profound relief
when I hear a hearty laugh from the
lips of a father or mother. For their
little new born souls need such laugh
ter as flowers need sunlight and rain.
* Let us laugh with them and laugh at
them! It has been sententiously said
"that Rome died laughing," for "the
j Romans were shouting and applaud
j ing in the theaters when* the vandals
were bursting open the gates." If
1 people had more children and a finer
I appreciation of the unconscious humor
in their thoughts and words they
would not need to go so often to cir
cuses and theaters for hollow and
empty laughter. The laughter pro
voked by childhood is as the music
I made by the rain upon the roof or the
I wind among the tree tops.
"Morally considered, laughter is
I next to the ten commandments."
i "Stupid people who do not know
I how to laugh are always pompous and
1 self-conceited."
"One pood, hearty laugh is a bomo
shell exploding in the right place,
while spleen and discontent are a gun
that kicks over the man who shoots
it off."
A home without laughter is a flower
without perfume, a bell without
sound, a lamp without light.
A keen sense of humor is as neces
sary in a parent as a keen sense of
justice is necessary In a Judge.
THE SPRING FLOODS.
THE SAN FRANGISCQ CALL
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication OiJicc <||pl[Ii%> Third and Market Streets, S. P.
THURSDAY. ~. .MARCH 3, *9O4
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Special information supplied daily\ to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 23ft Cal
ifornia »tr*»Pt. Telenhone Alain 1042- •
Townsonds California glare fruits and
candles &0c a pound, in artistic flre
etohrd boxes A nice present for Eastern
friends. .15 Market st.. above Call bid- *
A Novel Railroad.
. A., railroad whose trains never stop
throughoutjtheir journey is projected
in the plansTof a Belgian scientist who
has recently proposed a new trans
portation scheme. The plan is decid
edly revolutionary and aims to save
San Francisco low life supplied a 'tragedy a few days
since as inevitable,- logical and convincing as a well
written play. A man and a woman, both morally unfit,
lived briefly, drank, quarreled and died; one a murderer
and suicide, the other a There is more food for
reflection and a sterner lesson in life's obligations in
this "gloomy drama of the slums than in* a* dozen ser
mons.
While facing the threat of a deficit in county funds the
officials of Alameda County are trying to determine to
their own satisfaction the meaning of. the word "expendi
ture." That's easy. In public affairs it means the spend
ing of every dollar that drops into the treasury and then
a session of the Grand. Jury to discover who spent it,
why they spent it and why the. public reaped no advan
tage. , . : 9 ¦
* That a good thief does not always make a good liar
has been demonstrated in young Hooper, the romancing
rascal who has been sentenced to spend the rest' of his
days in the penitentiary after trying to inflict his name
with the odium of a dozen crimes he did not commit.
A few of his ilk would demoralize the best police force
on earth. It is so easy to solve mysteries of crime by a
convenient and complaisant" liar.
The women, parishioners of one of the most fashion
able churches of Oakland, bending obedient head to the
persuading admonition? of reform, have decided to doff
their headgear in church. With such a revolution ac
complished without the clash of argument and warring
tongues, and with Easter bonnets even now flaunting
their feathers before feminine eyes, who will not say
that the spirit of self-sacrifice is in the air?
COLOMA— Subscriber, City. . Cotoma,
at one time written Culluma, El Do
rado County, Cal., where gold was first
discovered, derived its name* from a
tribe of Indians in the vicinity. .'
MANUFACTURER — A. C. KeU»ey
ville. Cal. A man cannot manufacture
a proprietary article and peddle the
same from place to place without hav
ing a license to do so. •
FUSIBL.E PLUGS — Two. readers*
City. There Is a »aw in France com
pelling the owners of steam, boilers to
insert fusible plugs in steam boilers,
which plugs will melt • and let .the
steam escape whenever its pressure
and temperature rises abovp'a certain
point. In order to Insure the efficien
cy of the plugs they are manufacture
by the Government. Tt*i3 said that
this contrivance is the most reliable
against explosions and that it haa
stood the test of more than " "forty
years in that country. - ' . •
INTERNATIONAL LAW — C. W..
Oonzales. Cal. International law Is x
body of rules established In custom or
by treaty by which the intercourse be
tween civilized nat'ons $¦» governed.
It is divided into public and private in
ternational law. The public o'r law of
nations consists of those rules which
independent nations agree as jiisl and
fair in regulating their ' dealLngs' in
time of peace and war. Private Inter
national law is that collection of -laws
that regulates the mode in. which ordi
nary courts of Justice adminsfer the
remedies and give effect to the rights
of parties where such rights wer.e ac
quired partly or wholly in a foreign
country and where different remedies
must otherwise have necessarily ap
plied. For a full explanation of thia
subject consult Wharton oh Inter
national law.
The Democrats of St. Louis must, regretfully be it
said, be enrolled among the decadents who have lost
the fire and vim of youth and live pitifully in the mem
ory of deeds done and gone. They held a convention the
other day, chased one another out of the windows, in
terrupted a murder trial and contributed liberally, it is
true, to several spectacular breaches of the peace, but not
a single Democrat was killed. The days when the Dem
ocracv made history have gone.
SCENT OF ROSES— Subscriber, City.
"You may break, you may. shatter tha
vase if you will, but the scent of tfir»
roses will hang round it still." is from
"Farewell," in Moore's poems; * ' .
Answers to Queries.
BUSHEL MEASURE — C. B.. Ala
meda. Cal. A box 24x11 1-5 inches
square will hold a bushel, or 2150.4
cubic inches.
A Debt Not Outlazved.
Several days ago Senator Nelson
went over to Baltimore, where he ad
dressed a large gathering of mer
chants and business men at a ban
quet. In the course of his remarks
he alluded to a visit he made to Bal
timore a long time ago. He told how
he marched through the city as a pri
vate in the Fourth Wisconsin Volun-,
teers and of his subsequent warlike
operations in. other parts of the State,
including: the capture of a horse down
on the Eastern shore.
Regarding this latter achievement,
the doughty Minnesota Senator spoke
playfully, but in considerable detail.
His account pleased the company
around the table immensely and, in
cidentally, it pleased the Senator that
he should be such an entertaining
post-prandial orator.
Now he is not without his regrets
for his playful speech, for yesterday
he received a letter from a resident on
the Eastern shore, demanding, in very
serious manner, full payment for that
horse. This Eastern shore man writes
that he was not present at the ban
quet tables, but stood in an adjoining
corridor and heard what the Senator
said. The letter gives additional infor
mation, so that Mr. Nelson has no
doubts of the claimant having been
the genuine owner of the captured
equine. — -Washington Post.
The Projickin Winter.
I dunno what de Winter mean!
He cay he gwlne ter go.
En w'en de birds is buildln' nests
He pelt urn wid de snow.
I dunno what de Winter mean —
He projick 'roun' you so!
He say: "To* rheumatism
Will soon be on de wing;
Yo* ole fr'en', Chill-en-Fever,
Is romin' wid de spring.
En* yo' bones '11 sholy rattle
. Lak de bones de minstrels fling!"
En den he fix ter fool me,
En hush his winds, so cross.
En holler: "Yer's de sunshine
You folkses said wuz los'!"
En de mockln'blrd come out ter see,
En freeze up in do fros'!
I dunno what de Winter mean.
A-hangin' roun' de do'!
He know it's spring — birds want ter sing
En time fer him ter go;
He mighty hard ter on r erstan'—
He projick 'roun' you so! . :
— Atlanta Constitution.
Solicitude.
Alice, the three-year-old daughter
of a local newspaper writer, is . the
happy possessor of a fine appetite,
which she uses to advantage at all
meals. One day at dinner Alice had
partaken freely of the dishes prepared
for her special delectation and then
expressed a desire for some cake.
"AliJe," said her mother, reprov
ingly, I do not think you should eat
any more. What an appetite you
have, to be sure! You certainly must
have a hungry-bug under your
apron."
Of course Alice had to know what
kind of an animal that was, and after
her mother had informed her to the
best of her ability she resumed ira
portunings for cake.
"Now, Alice," said her mother, "I'll
tell you what I will do. I will give
you two pieces of cake — one for you
and one for the bug 1 . But, remember,
you must not ask for any more."
Alice ate the two pieces of cake in
silence and then looked longingly at
the cake dish. Her mother's injunction
not to ask for any more had made a
d^eep impression, but finally the temp
tation was too great and the young
hopeful blurted out:
"Mamma, I think the hungry-bug
wants another piece of cake."
Fan History.
The name of the first fanmaker is
lost in obscurity, but Kan-Si. • the
daughter of a Chinese mandarin, whp
flourished in an age that is long since
forgotten, was apparently the earliest
lady to use a fan.
So China — the cradle of the world'3
antique lore — was the birthplace of
the fan which is* in universal fashion
to-day. Chinese and Japanese " men
and women are rarely seen without
fans, and it is said that the very beg
gars in the Mikado's empire receive
the alms given them on the -tips of
their coarse fiber fans.
The ancient Greeks and Romans
used fans of enormous size. Some,
made of feathers, were so large that
they were 'borne by slaves over the
heads of their masters to protect them
from the sun's rays and to stir the
air.
The first folding fan seen in Europe
was a prized possession of the notori
ous Catherine de Medici and in the
reigns of Louis XV and Louis XVI the
fan became a very gorgeous work of
art and was often jewel-studded and
exquisitely carved.
Catherine bf Arragon introduced
fans into England when she married
Henry VII's son, and Queen Elizabeth
owned some marvelous fans. one. rich
ly crusted *with brilliants, being a New
Year's gift from her favorite, the Earl
of Leicester.
Th~ Spanish conquerors of Mexico
and Peru brought Queen Isabel fans of
Inca feather work, which are to-day
in the museum of the Escurial and
are unique examples of the extraordi
nary skill of the vanished racr. '
Spain is, of course, the land of the
European fan, and few women can
equal th_? grace of the Spanish sendr;i
in the art of using the large black fan,
which she especially favors. — Weekly
Irish Times. ' t-Z " V
RUSSIA is wailing long and loud against. what it
terms the rank ingratitude on the part of Amer
ica in withholding from her the sympathy and
encouragement due a Christian nation and a friend who
is in combat with a pagan and an upstart people. To
this cry is now added that of sympathetic Germany,
whose press comes forward with invective and cartoon
against the pro-Japanese sentiment manifested by citi
zens of the United States. The most violent organs
even go so far as to state that when Japan is given a
trouncing by the sacred concert of the European powers,
it will be good employment for them to try a little sua
sion upon the most western of the_ white nations," "whose
growth during these hundred and fifty years has been like
that of some coarse turnip behind the barn."
Of course it profits not to take heed of the mouthings
of the jingo German press — its breed is even of a more
fearful and wonderful stripe than that on this side of the
Atlantic; but as the course of world diplamacy moves
along it behooves American statesmen to keep a close
eye upon the empire of William Hohenzollern. At first
glimpse it would seem that there is a very wide frontier
between the interests of the German state and those of
our own. We have no colonies along the Congo nor de
pendencies in China. There are no contending spheres
of influence in any barbaric state which harass the deli
cate diplomatic balance between nation and nation. The
strife of trade seems to be the only gage of battle which
has been taken up between us, but the force of circum
stances is bringing this country nearer every day to a
probable clash with Germany somewhere south of the
Isthmus of Panama.
Consular reports from our representatives in Brazil,
Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay are filled with the re
cords of German colonization, German trade develop
ment and German hands behind'Presidential chairs down
there. Only recently the Germans succeeded in obtain
ing from Paraguay a fat trade concession for one of their
lines of steamers and not many months ago an arrange
ment was made with the Government of Argentina by
which several thousand German agriculturists were es
tablished in a colony. on the Plata under practical self
government. So the tale runs continually.
It may be said that if the Germans are capturing
South America it is the fault of our American traders
themselves, and that the Monroe doctrine cannot be in
voked to keep out the merchant and the tiller of the soil
who choose to make their home in South America. But,
as this paper recently pointed out when the time comes
for a pan-American railroad to connect the United
States with the llanos of the Amazon and the Plata
there may be grave trouble.
At its present rate of growth German influence bids
fair to be the dominating factor in South American poli
tics within fifty years. When America wishes to build
its road down across the spine of the hemisphere it will
be, not with Brazil or Colombia that she must deal, but
with Germany, and it is that fact which renders the de
velopment of a sentiment hostile to us among the Ger
man people a matter of serious import to both countries.
GERMAN ATTITUDE TOWARD AMERICA.
No Cure, No Pay.
An elegantly dressed woman about 35
years of age called at the bond and
warrant clerk's office at the Hall of
Justice last Saturday afternoon and ap
plied to Assistant Louis Ward for a
warrant.
"What are the circumstances of the
case?" courteously inquired Ward.
"Well," she replied, "I was induced to
try a two days' cure for the liquor
habit at a place on Market street. I
paid the usual . fee, which was very
stiff, and after the two days expired on
Thursday I was discharged as cured.
Yesterday I was seized with an over
powering desire for strong drink, and I
am worse than ever. Now, I want you
to give me a warrant for the arrest of
the man for obtaining money by false
pretenses."
Ward"assured her that the law did
not cover such a case, but she protest
ed and insisted upon getting the war
rant. When Ward politely but firmly
refused her request she became very
indignant, and left threatening to take
the matter before the Grand Jury.
the time consumed, in the case ©f.. or
dinary railroads, in letting off. end
taking on passengers at stations. The '
new trains,. as planned, will cronsist; of
cars propelled by separate motors and
will work, says a waiter in Harpey's
Weekly, in the following manner:
"When a station Is approached the
passengers and baggage for that;st:*
tion are moved into the rear car,
which is cut off just before the point
is reached. The passengers desirous
of boarding the train take their places
in a car on a siding at the station;,
which proceeds to the main track a:
full speed and catches the- passing
train, to which it is coupled and the
passengers and baggage transferred.
Those for the next station are then
received, and in turn the car is duly
dropped. The scheme is most fan-'..
tastic, and at present impracticable, .
yet it must be admitted that many. of"
the elements necessary, such as se/p- "
arate motors which can be controlled
together or individually, are already
developed." .'
A Hungarian statesman who wanted to know the
other day if the United States intends to grant equal
privileges to all nations in the use of the Panama canal
in times of peace and war was urged to possess his in
quisitive mind in patience until some nation more con
cerned should make the inquiry. Let the gentleman ap
ply to the bureau especially provided at Washington for
the answer of impudent queries.
Love's Young Dream.
Her eyes were ' full of shy. sweet
confidence, if not assent, as they
looked up into his. What he was
saying to her was inaudible, but the
other people had no doubt it was
something exquisitely tender. They
were utterly unconscious of the other
passengers crowding about them as
they stood there on the upper deck of
the ferry-boat. It was evidently a
happy chapter in love's young dream.
A moment of silence between the
two. What need of words? They
watched the gulls sweeping and
curling hither and thither in swift
pursuit of the fragments of bread
tossed into the air by some children
on the boat. Then George bent low
and whispered softly to his inam
orata. A smile of perfect joy lit up
her countenance. All doubt and tim
idity disappeared. Slowly and delib
erately she spoke, as if to give fullness
to her expression. All the while her
eyes enveloped him with a look of
ravishing sweetness. He had touched
Angelina's heart, and her words told
the delight she felt as she said:
"You bet I like icecream."
with much interest and some anxiety. It is not well to
underrate the strength of the enemy. .Though appar
ently without any overmastering issue, the Democracy
ii fully- equipped for appeal. to every sordid prejudice that
can be touched into glow. It must not be forgotten that
the Whig party came out of its half-dug grave in 1840,
and carried the country on the single issue of Van Bu
ren having a set of gold spoons in the White House.
If Hearst is the candidate we may expect such a cam
paign carried on, on perfectly artistic lines, for the men
who* are hired to plan for him are past masters in that
kind of politics. If they leave untouched a 'single hectic
jealousy, foetid hatred or putrid prejudice in the country,
it will be by accident: The chairman of the Republican
committee will have a task in meeting a campaign of
that kind, equipped and bugled and bannered by every
gaud that trust money can buy.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. MARCH 3. 1904.
THE Republicans of Ohio have acted most credi
tably in proceeding decently and in order, with
out wrangle or appearance of faction, to the elec
tion of Congressman Dick to succeed Senator Hanna.
Mr.dDick has represented the Akron district in the House
for four terms, including- the present Congress, and re
signs his seat as a Representative to take that of a Sena
tor. He is a young man, aged only 46, but has a long and
creditable experience in politics.
It was known that as Senator Hanna felt the uncer
tainty of life and the weight of age he indicated his wish
that Dick should succead him, and the party in Ohio has
not only respected that wish, but has affirmed its confi
dence in Senator Hanna's judgment of men. He rarely
failed in that faculty, which he had in a degree e,qual to
the late'Samuel J. THden's skill in seeing the capacity of
others and selecting them for a career. Iii.TUden's case
both Cleveland and William C. Whitney were brought
into public life by this faculty of foreseeing the results of
their individual quality. That Mr.Dick's career will in
like manner justify Senator Hanna's judgment there is
no doubt.
The Republican party is more concerned, however,, in
the selection of Senator Hanna's successor as chairman
of the National Committee. In the last two campaigns
the West was the Republican battle ground. The finan
cial issues promoted by Mr. Bryan had their origin and
stronghold in the Weft. Senator Hanna was peculiarly
fitted to fight that field and he did it, with tactical skill
that was the admiration of his party and theconfusion of
the. opposition. Now, however, the scene shifts and the
battle field moves with it eastward. Roosevelt's strength
in the West is inviolable. This is true not only of the
cis-Missouri country but of the trans-Missouri States of
the Middle West. The dalliance between Wall street and
the trusts and the Democracy makes the East the battle
ground, and acting upon the. good judgment that made
Hanna the general in two .Western campaigns it is pro
bable that an Eastern man will be chosen to head the
committee.
The party and the country will wait for that selection
HANNA'S SUCCESSOR.
Those qualified to speak of the affairs of Russia have
informed the world that the Czar is in no hurry to strike
a blow at the land forces of Japan, now intrenched in
Korea, but in good time and in the fullness of prepara
tion would drive the Japanese into the sea. It is per
haps timely to offer the uncomfortable suggestion that
Japan is aiso playing the game and will probably object
in her strenuous way.
Tzi'o Aspects of Panama.
Panama is not without development
in the present or promise for the future,
even away from the zone of great ex
pectations along the canal. Minerals
are in good evidence, gold, manganese,
copper and coal being found in prom
ising deposits. The central mountain
ranges aie but little occupied, and
amons them are . many beautiful and
healthy locations. There is a flourish
ins commerce, and some of the places
along the seacoast are of importance.
Bocas del Toro and the Chiriqui Lagoon
region enjoy an active fruit trade, and
lr.nd is still offered on favorable terms,
some of it Government land, to be had
for the taking. Probably the hill coun
try back of the Chiriqui Lagoon will
become one of the most favored agri
cultural regions in the tropics. From
Chiriqui Eouthward the coast is not
much occupied. Nearing Colon, cocoa
nut gloves become prominent and on
southward, among the islands of the
San Bias coast, such groves become
very abundant. In the interior of the
San Bias country are lofty, mysterious*
mountains, little known because the
San Bias Indians are hostile. It is
stated that among these mountains
gold is abundant; and from their po
sition in relation to other gold-bearing
regions of Panama and Colombia that
is not improbable. Farther south the
limits of the republic of Panama are
in the swamps of the Darien region.
Along the Pacific the land is not
greatly different from the Atlantic por
tions of the isthmus, excepting that in
the northern portions the hills come
more frequently close to the sea and
at some places gravel bluffs and coral
limestones are exposed to the action of
the surf. Well off the coast below Pan
ama City are the pearl fisheries, in the
waters surrounding groups of islands,
some of which are of considerable size,
and whose climate is said to be de
lightful. Near the Costa Rica bound
ary on the Pacific side is the David
region, a rich country, hospitable and
eager for development, where Amer
icans are sure of a hearty welcome.
On_ the swelling tides of the Pacific
one sees great steamers passing up and
dcwn.the coast to the city of Panama,
where commerce awaits, impatient at
the barrier of less than fifty miles
separating the mighty tides of the Pa
cific from the waters of the Caribbean,
where the tide scarcely rises at all.
The waters on either side of the isth
mus are as different as the waters of
one side of the earth can be from th^
waters of the other side. N6w the time
is at hand when they are to be united.
The great southern continent has
been for almost a century vitally in
terested in the various projects to con
nect by a canal the Atlantic and Pa
cific oceans.' But South Amerioa has
comparatively few voices of "public
opinion, and .it has been difficult to
ascertain just what the consensus of
opinion is among South Americans re
garding the independence of Panama
and the relations of the United States
to the entire canal project.
The general tone of the South Ameri
can press in its comments, so far as
can be ascertained, has been surpris
ingly mild and reasonable. Much bit
ter opposition to what has been termed
"the Yankee policy of aggrandizement"
might have been expected, especially
in view of what we have been hear
ing in the last few years about North
American* Insolence and the imperti
nence of the Monroe doctrine. The
present occasion might have been ex
pected to figure as a sort of climax to
Latln-Atnerican dislike for the United
States.
The animosity of Latin America for
TJnoIe Sam. however, has been a good
deal stronger in the newspapers than
In fact. The earliest comments on the
Independence of Panama and the canal
treaty were very mild, but later there
has appeared a spirit of animosity,
aroused no doubt by the reports of
opposition to the President in this
country and the utterances of Senators
and other public men on the "unjusti
fiable Interference" of the United
States. This later feeling has influ
enced most of the South American
countries to refuse recognition to the
new republic. Venezuela, Peru, Nica
ragua, Guatemala, Costa Rica and
Cuba are the only Latin-American
countries so far to extend such recog
nition. The. canal will so'- plainly "and
largely benefit the entire southern con
tinent .hat it is not surprising to find
bo few "expressions of rear or dislike
toward, our Government for the part
it has played in bringing about the
present situation —Review of Reviews.
8CLEVELAND March 2. — Elmer Dover, sec
retary of the Republican National Committee.
Is ill and confined to his room here. The
physicians <Jo not believe that Dover's illness
is eerious. but he will be kept quiet for sev
eral days.
NEW YORK. March 2.— James B. Colgate
Jr. of this city denies the -report that hl3
nephew, James C. Colgate of Hurley. Wis..
had become Insane from excitement after re
ceiving: a legacy of $1,000,000 from his grand
father, the late James Colgate, who died sev
eral months ago In Westchester County.
•
LONDON. March 2.— A slight cold
prevented King Edward from attending
the concert of the Philharmonic Society
r'o-day.. but Queen Alexandra and the
Prf:iee of Wales were there. The artists
included Marie Hall, the violinist, and
'Elizabeth- Parkins, the American so
prano.
Kins Edward Indisposed.
Son Shoots Fatlier for Striking Mother
NEW YORK, March 2. — Angered by
the' sight of his father striking his
Rged mother when she protested
j/gainst pipe smoking in their home at
'^Vqodhaven. L. I., Theodore Schralner,
19 years old, shot and it is thought
fatally wounded his father. Smoke
from the latter' s pipehad caused Mrs.
.Sehrainer to cough violently.
Walters Unknown in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, March 2. — Nothing
is known here of Albert J. Walters,
who is reported to have committed
suicide by leaping from the steamer
Captain Wehr, near San Francisco,
this morning, and who Is stated to
have claimed Los Angeles as his home.
No such name appears in the city di
rectory and the police have been un
able to find trace of any such person.
+ *
in the same building, and that he was
prepared to blow up the place. He
said he did not care how many inno
cent persons he killed so long as he
got the Huntlngtons.
On one occasion he followed H. E.
Huntington to his hotel and tried to
reach him before he got to the ele
vator, saying that he would kill him
on sight. After that incident Hunting
ton and his son were guarded constant
ly by private detectives and several
times these officers have prevented
Stark from reaching them. As a result
of following Stark the officers learned
that he.^was trying to purchase.ex
plosives. To-day the officials of the
Huntington companies secured a war
rant against him for insanity and he
was taken into custody and locked up.
It was found that he had prepared
models of bombs and even after his
arrest he asserted that he would kill
any person named Huntington. His ar
rest deprives a wife and several chil
dren of any means of support and they
will be cared for by Mr. Huntington.
Dick Declared a Senator.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. March 2.—Charle*
Dick was declared elected to the Unit
ed States Senate at the conclusion of
the Joint ballot of the two houses for
both the short and long terms. ." •.
4 . , +
right into the arms of the troops com
manded by Colonel Navarro and, beiiig
without ammunition, they surrendered
without a fight. The Yaqui prisoners
have been gathered at the San Antonio
and Provtdencia ranches, from which
they will be marched to San Jose da
Guaymas and taken by boat to Guay
mas to wait deportation to Yucatan.
CHICAGO, March 2. — The accounts
of the World's Columbian Exposition
of 1893 were closed to-day with the
payment of a final dividend of 4.65 per
cent to all of the 2000 stockholders.
This payment, with a dividend of 10
per cent which was paid in 18%4,
makes a total of 14.65 per cent in divi
dends paid on the capital stock. All
told the local organization spent $20,
000,000 and the National Government
and the different States $7,000,000, the
total amount spent on the Chicago
World's Fair being $33,000,000.
Accounts Arc Finally Closed and
Stockholders Receive Substantial
Dividends.
CHICAGO WORLD'S FAIR
A GOOD INVESTMENT
>"c\v Clubhouse Is Destroyed by Fire.
SEATTLE, March 2.— The hand
some new home of the Rainier Club,
which was to have been ready for oc
cupancy April 1. was gutted. by fire
to-day. The loss i $30,000. fully cov
ered by insurance. It is said the fire
was the work of an incendiary.
LOS ANGELES, March 2.— Rendered
insane by a street railway accident for
which he was responsible and bellev-'
ing that the Huntington system owed
him thousands of dollars which he
could not collect, Joseph Stark tried to
enforce payment by threatening to kill
H. E. Huntington and his son and to
blow up the power house and offices
of the Pacific Electric Railway Com
pany. After having been shadowed for
weeks by the detectives of the com
pany and after having once tried to
carry his threats into execution. Stark
was arrested to-night for insanity and
is confined in the County Hospital.
Stark was formerly an employe of the
Valencia-street line in San Francisco
and when he came here he secured em
ployment on the Los Angeles street rail
way. In March of last year he was
struck by a car while he was riding
on the wrong side . of the street and
thrown to the ground with such vio
lence that his skull was fractured. He
was in a hospital for weeks and finally
recovered, but his reason was gone.
The accident was due entirely to his
carelessness and when he visited
lawyer after lawyer they told him he
had no basis for a suit for damages.
Then he began a systematic study of
explosives and, having mastered that
subject, again appealed to lawyers to
take his case. When they refused he
stated that he would blow the Hunt
ington shops and offices out .of exist
ence. When reminded of the penalty
he replied that he knew he was crazy
and that nothing could be. done to
a crazy man. He stated that he had
priced explosives and all that he de
sired to complete his work was to find
H. E. Huntington, his son and others
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prisoner Imagines He Has a
Grievance Against Capital
ist and Has Been Under
Surveillance for SomeTime
SAN JOSE DE GUAYMAS, Mexico,
March 2. — Governor Rafael Ysabel of
the State of Sonora and General Lo
renzo Torres, in command of the Fed
eral forces, returned to this port to
day from an expedition into the Santa
Ursula Mountains against the Yaqui
rebels who -have been infesting that
country for months past, making life
unsafe on the surrounding ranches, pil
laging, killing and burning. A con
certed effort was made to dislodge the
Indians, and as a result they were sur
rounded, being defeated after a sharp
engagement. Fifteen Indians are now
known to have been killed and almost
a hundred braves taken prisoners. The
few who -"¦caped will hardly trouble
the ranchers longer.
General Torres and Governor Ysabel
personally ied the expeditions against
the Indians in response to many ap
peals which had been repeatedly sent
out from this district after each new
outrage committed by the savages.
The forces were brought as far as
Batamotal on the Sonora Railroad and
from there taken to San Jose de Guay
mas bv boat. In addition to the Fed
eral and State troops a volunteer force
was organized at San Jose de Guaymas
by the municipal presidente, Senor
Parodi, and Colonel Navarro recruited
a mounted force at the ranches in the
district.
Many prominent citizens took the
field with the force organized at San
Jose. The Indians felt safe In the re
treat as they had always been success
ful in eluding the small forces sent out
against them. The location of the
Yaqui's camp had previously been de
termined and the forces under General
Torres and Governor Ysabel formed the
advance. Those under Colonel Navarro
and Presidente Parodi went by a round
about road to cut off the Indians' re
treat.
The country is rough and they, hav
ing been recruited in the vicinity, knew
the trails. The plans of the leaders
carried well. The Indians were sur
prised in their retreat, overwhelmed
by the numbers sent against them and
after a short but sharp fight in which
many fell, killed and wounded, they
retreated in great disorder. A large
number surrendered to a pursuing
force, while a party of thirty retreated
Mrs. Meadows at once sought help.
but before medical aid could be se
cured Ryer was dead. He had resided
In California nearly forty years and;
was well known in San Francisco and
elsewhere. The Coroner's Jury re
turned a verdict of suicide while tem
porarily Insane. . . =
SALINAS. March 2. — A sensational
will contest over the Meadows estate;
involving more than half a million
dollars, now on trial in the Superior
Court of Monterey County before a
jury, has caused a man to commit sui
cide. Yesterday John Ryer of Pacific
Grove, 83 years old, father of Mr*.
Fannie Meadows, the widow of James
Meadows and one of the contestants
In the suit, ended his life in a most
dramatic manner. Whenever the will
contest was mentioned Ryer became
excited and nervous, expressing ths
fear that his daughter and three chil
dren would become destitute. Yester
day morning Ryer went to the kitchen,
where his daughter was preparing
breakfast, and asked: "Do you go* to
Salinas to trial to-day?" Mrs. Mead;
ows gave an affirmative reply, where
upon Ryer said: "Well, then, I'll take
this," and swallowed a couple of
ounces of carbolic acid.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 2. —
John Murray, forest ranger for the
provincial Government, has seized
logs, lumber and a logging camp outfit,
valued at $30,000, and has tied up a
sawmill at Sidney, B. C, all because
the American owners of the same are
alleged to have evaded payment of the
Government tax of 50 cents per 1000
feet uncut. . The unpaid tax due the
Government is estimated at $2000.
The confiscated logs measure a mil
lion feet and the lumber in the mill
yard aggregates 800,000 fee.t and was
ready for shipment to Puget Sound.
The company owning the logs, lumber
and. mill is composed of stockholders
residing in Tacoma, Seattle and Blaine.
VOWS TO DYNAMITE
RAILWAY- OFFICES
Despondent Man Takes the
Fatal Potion in the Pres
ence of His Offspring
Subsequently Robb stated that what
he intended to say was. that if \ the
evidence had warranted the indictment
of Heath he "would have been glad to
see him take his medicine," on account
of the high position he (Heath) held.
Senator Clay moved to report favor
ably a resolution Introduced some time
ago by Senator Penrose calling for a
Congressional investigation of the Post
offlce Department. On this motion the
four Democrats present and Senator
Penrose voted aye and five Republicans
In the negative. Senator Penrose again
put the motion and all of the Repub
licans except Chairman Penrose with
drew, breaking the quorum. Some Re
publicans were absent on other com
mittee duty.
WASHINGTON, March 2.— The Sen
ate Committee on Postofflces and Post
roada to-day heard Attorney General
Robb of the Postoflice Department in
advocacy of a bill to prohibit guessing
contests carried on by newspapers and
circulars. This bill was prepared in
the Postoflice Department and- intro
duced by Senator Penrose.
During the course of Robb's state
ment the /subject of the postofflce in
vestigation was referred to. Senator
Culberson asking if some men had not
been protected by the statute of limita
tions. Robb said he believed such was
the case.
Senator Culberson then asked If
Perry S. Heath was not one of those
protected by the statute.
Robb answered in the affirmative,
adding that on account of the posi
tion which Heath occupied both offi
cially and politically he would have
been glad to have prosecuted him.
Senator Scott at this juncture de
clared that Robb was going outside of
his province in making such a state
ment. He moved that all reference to
the matter be stricken from the record.
This motion was carried by a strict
party vote.
Senators Culberson and Clay strongly
objected to the proposition to strike
the statement made by Robb from the
record.
Witness Admits That Secre
tary of Republican Nation
al Committee Was Favored
Product Aggregating Nearly
Two Million Feet Was
Beady for Shipment South
Immediately after the announcement
of the verdict to-day, the District At
torney nolled the cases against Sher
man Parker, W. F. Dabis and H. H.
McKinney, In which they were charged
with the overt act of train" wrecking.
While the jury was absent from the
courtroom the District Attorney also
nolled the cases against Steve Adams,
W. F. Davis and Charles G. Kennison,
all union leaders, the latter being presi
dent of Miners' Union No. 40 of Crip
ple Creek, charging them with the
murder of Melvin Becks and Charles
H. McCormick, who were killed by an
explosion in the Vindicator mine
shortly after the miners' strike in this
district was commenced.
Thus ends three of the most sensa
tional criminal cases, Involving prom
inent labor leaders end growing di
rectly out of strikes, ever begun in
Colorado.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., March 2.—
The jury in the conspiracy case against
Sherman Parker and Thomas Foster,
miners' union leaders, who were
charged with conspiring to wreck a
Florence and Cripple Creek passenger
train, to-night rendered a verdict of
not guilty. There was no demonstra
tion when the announcement was
made.
Prosecution Asks the Dis
missal of Similar Cases
Against Union Leaders
Augrusto Puiiido, who has been sec
retary of the legation for several years,
puffers only half as much as his chief,
for he is to continue in his present of
fice at -J230 a month instead of $460.
• Nicholas Hernandez, a son of the gen
eral, who is an under secretary, has
already secured other employment In
Philadelphia.
Cp to last summer Venezuela had
been without a Minister at Washington
during four years. Puiiido represented
th6 interests of the republic as secre
tary, with headquarters in a Washing
ton- boarding-house.
. V POHT OF SPAIN. March 2.— General
= 1 eraandez ("El Mocho"), Venezuelan
.-Minister to the United States, has been
,-ecalled for political reasons.
\ WASHINGTON, March 2.— General
' Hernaijdez. the Venezuelan Minister to
this country, has received a brief com
munication that President Castro dc-
Fires him to return home for a con
ference "on certain matters that it .8
easier to talk than to write about."
* The Minister expects to leave Wash
ington shortly.
NEW YORK. March 2.— It is stated
•here that the Venezuelan legation in
Washington will be closed because
President CaFtro has stopped the salary
of Minister Hernandez. This is said to
have been brought about through a let
ter fo the fiscal agents here of the Ven
ezuelan Governent instructing them not
to pay the general's salary as hereto
fore on the first of each month.
11' Is Reported in New York
¦ That Payment* of Salary of
.^Official Has Been Stopped
Regulars Attack in Front
and Indians Betreat Into
Hands of Native Troops
DRINKS CABBOLIC ACID
PLANS WILL EXECUTED
DELINQUENCY IS $2000
Joseph Stark, Who Is Said to
Be Demented, Is Arrested
in Los Angeles for Plan
ning to Murder Millionaire
GIVES FBAXIv REPLIES
OTHER CASES XOLLED
SEVERAL STOBIES TOLD
John Kyeiy Fearing That Hi3
Daughter Will Come to
Poverty, Ends His Life
Canadian Banger Seizes a
Lumber Outfit Because
the Levy Is Not Paid
Postoflice Department Coun
sel Says Utah Man Should
Have Been Prosecuted
Parker and Foster. Accused
of Wrecking a Train, Are
Acquitted of the Charge
Government Forces Make
Sudden Attack and Kill
and Capture Many Savages
WILL CONTEST
CAUSES SUICIDE
KmilLs Venezuelan Minister
to This Country and Lega
'tion Is Likely to Be Closed
THREATENS
TO BLOW UP
HUNTINGTON
YAQUIS TAKEN
BY SURPRISE
LOGS ARE HELD
FOR THE TAXES
HOBB WANTED
TO "DO" HEATH
JURY VERDICT
FREES MINERS
CASTRO SENDS
FOR HERNANDEZ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. MARCH 3, 1004.
9
•• . ,' - ; - grape-nuts. ;. ¦¦__:___,___ _ _ i ___.___, : ___^_ _____¦ ' ' :
I need the carbohydrates to make flesh and supply my body with heat and energy: • ¦
I need albumen and phosphate of potash to restore wasted brain and nerve matter.
1 know that working and thinking consumes energy and brain and I know this waste must be rebuilt by food.
The field grains 7 contain these elements, 1 know, but most people, like myself, absolutely cannot digest the large,
percentage of starch in grains and trouble follows.
A few minutes spent in studying the subject proves that
all these questions have been scientifically answered in
. . This food is so perfect the weakest stomach can digest and assimilate it. It contains more riutri-
31 ment that the body can make use of than 10 times as much meat, wheat, oats or bread.
JHBB»J»a ~ wn\ \ _ I m i i m hi ii ¦ ¦mm iiiii -i- Tiiinm— irni-n—m "* ... ¦Bnfii
|||| . Grape-Nuts is only entire wheat and barley and salt, but scientific processes requiring many hours'
' . treatment have made, all the/grains ready for any; v stpmach. . (The starches are all converted
Practically pre-digested (although not chemically frea ted), -a]£ this natural nutriment is ready as soon
as it goes into the stomach for immediate absorption into blood, muscle, heat, energy, etc.,
'1P1Hr¥7 w ¥^¥^. Is found in ten days r trial. Look for the miniature book, "The Road .to- Wellville," found in each package.
JL Jl jLJw Jt iW/wI. Everyone should read it. Now in its 10th million.SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
¦Judgment for the plaintiff was en
tered yesterday in the actions brought
by Scatenafc Co. and the other com
mission houses against; the Board of
Harbor Commissioners for an injunc
tion restraining the board from depriv
ing them of market privileges on the
wharves. This entry, : which was made
by the consent of the board, is a prac
tical admission that it •will not take an
appeal from the judgment -of Judge
Sloss in the suit ¦ of Wetmore , Bros^/ in
which case he •'" decided that the board
acted illegally.
Harbor Board Admits Judgment.
First" race, '-^ six furlongs, purse — Harvester
won, Mike Strauss second, Back Number third.
Time.. 1:15. . ' . ¦ .',
Second race, one and a quarter miles, ' steeple,
chape — Don Ami won. Theory second. Bob Hll
llard third..' Time,' 2:22. . . .
' Third : . race. . one ~. mile— Dutiful : won,'- Ralph
Young second, Letolia third.:. Time,M:47U>' : '
. Fourth race, one mile and 6eventy yards — El
Caney^won/ Easy Trade second, Jerry third.'
Time. 1:46. :
Fifth ¦ race. - six ; furlongs, . selling — Tenney
bclle .won. '-Caithness ' second, Barthos - third.
Time, 1:141,4. - \,
Sixth race, one • and an eighth ' miles—Glcn
¦wood.'" won,^ O'Reilly eocond, Varner third.
Time.' 1 ;5S. JBmWUVftii flWIHI'lMmfffflilln
Racing at Hot Springs.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark.,- March 2.— Essex Park
results:.. '
Fourth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds, the
Premier Stakes — Viperine won. Sweet Pepper
second, Deval third. Time, 1 :03 2-5.
I Fifth, race, one and three-eighths miles, sell.
Ing — Gravina'/won, . Lee. King second, Mauser
third. Time, 2:20.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, celling —
Wreath of Ivy won. Docile second. Overhand
third. Time, 1:201-5. .
First race, seven furlongs — Banana Cream
wen, Sablna second, Prince of Endurance third.
Time,"; 1:27 4-5.
¦Second- race, four furlong*, eelllngr— Stella
Allen won. .Pinkie second, Guadalupe third.
Time. :42 3-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Presentation won,
Frank Bell, second, - Bid Silver third. Time,
1:14 4-5.
NEW ORLEANS. March 2.— Crescent City
results: .
New Orleans Race Results.
First race — Jndgre Voorhies, Nellie
Bawn, Assessment.
Second race — The Bugaboo, Chapel,
Laocoon.
Third race — Montana Peeress, David
S, Visroroso.
Fourth race — Mr. Sinarle, Expedient,
GHssando.
Fifth ' race— Amaia, Nonle, PIckaway.
, Sixth race— Cousin Carrie, Mounte
bank. Handpress.
PKOBABLE WINNERS.
Charles Corey, the popular and effi
cient clerk of Judge Graham's court,
has resigned, his place now being filled
by Deputy County Clerk Treft. Corey,
who has embarked in business, will be
greatly missed at the City Hall, for he
was one of the most competent, oblig
ing and genial clerks In the municipal
service.
Corey Leaves City Hall.
Ann McNamara, formerly adminis
tratrix of the estate of Michael Mc-
Namara, has been cited to appear in
the Probate Court March 12 to show
cause why, v hen she resigned last
August, she dJr] not file an account of
her stewardship. The citation was Is
sued yesterday on petition of Joseph.
Haber Jr.. who was recently appointed
special "administrator of the estate
upon the discovery that It had been
mismanaged by Attorney Hu Jonea.
Mrs. McNamara Must Explain.
BERIJN, March 2.— The rising of
native troops In the Cross and Nsasan
ang rivers region of German Kamerun,
West Africa, resulting in several fac
tories of the Northwest Kanierun be
ing burned and four Germans killed,
was caused by the eccentric conduct
of Count von Pueckler, and was direct
ly due to the theft of a lantern from
the Northwest Kamerun Company.
Von rueckler, who was the Govern
ment's District Commissioner, was re
puted to be a quiet and sensible ad
ministrator, having sound knowledge
of native ways and character. He for
merly was an employe of the North
west Kamerun Company, but recently
had . been employed by the Govern
ment. Ilerr Schoeller, president of the
company, received in December last a
.long letter from Count von Pueckler
regarding the stolen lantern, conclud
ing with the assertion that he intend
ed to make the property of^white men
respected by burning five villages.
Herr Schoeller inferred, ,from the vio
lence of the language, of Von Pueckler,
that .the latter was deranged, and
wrote both to the Count and to the
agents of the company commanding
that nothing be done over so trivial a
matter, saying that the company for
the first time was about to pay a divi
dend, and adding that the good will
of the natives must be cultivated. Herr
Schoeller's " letter arrived too late.
Count von Pueckler with twenty- five
men tried to arrest the head of one, of
the villages,, but the Count was killed
and his escort with difficulty escaped.
During the next few days the com
pany's factories en the Cross River
were : burned and four agents were
killed. A punitive expedition has now
arrived in the hostile district.
Count von Pueckler, as appears from
Information subsequently received by
Herr : Schoeller, had recently' given
away to fits of fury against the negroes,
attributable to the state of his health
as a result of his long residence in
the hot climate of Equatorial Africa.
Theft of Lantern Causes
Uprising- hi South Africa,
and Lives Are Lost
Pofano County Grand Jury Organizes.
VALLEJO. March 2.— The Solano
Tounty Grand Jury has organized with
W.. H. Crooks of Benicia. foreman; H.
¦K. White of Benicia, secretary, and
"W. P. Weinmann of Benicia, expert.
In view of the fact that an important
prisoner sawed his way out of the
County Jail at Fairfield the other night
it is expected that the Grand Jury will
Ftrongly. renew the recommendations
f>f previous Grand Juries that Solano
County build a new jail.
Body of Drowned Miner Recovered.
. TREKA, March 2.— The body of
CHarles Spengler, a miner of Big Hum
bug, who was drowned February 15,
has been found eight miles down the
Klamath.
Cooper and Farber Discharged.
United States Court Commissioner
Heacock yesterday dismissed the case
of the United States against S. Cooper
and M. Farber, charged with stealing
60,000 feet of copper wire from the Gov
ernment reservation on Goat Island,
October 20, 1903, The evidence "was in
sufficient to justify their being held."
Snit Grows Ont of Railroad Wreck.
KAN .RAFAEL,. March 2.— Edwin S.
Tucker and his wife, Rebecca C. Tuck
er, to-day filed suit for damages
against the North Shore Railroad Com
pany. Tucker asks for 525.000 damages
for himself and he and his wife in a
joint suit ask for $15,000 more. They
allege that they were seriously injured
fn the wreck of a passenger train on
the North Shore road at Point Reyes
on' Mav 21. 1303. -w ;
of Runs to
CARDINAL BASEBALL) MEN
SHOW OIPROYTSD FORM
Defeat the Alumni Team by a Score
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
2. — The varsity baseball team braced
up in to-day's game with the alumni
and played in a way that made yester
day's showing appear like a night
mare. The alumni went to defeat,- the
score being 4 to 2. The ragged play
ing so evident in yesterday's contest
was noticeably absent to-day. But
three errors were made, two of them
being muffs of fly balls by Chalmers in
right field, and the other by Tritch in
an overthrow to first' base.
Shortstop Trowbridge and Second
Baseman Williams of the varsity
team played in particularly good
form, the former taking seven chances
and the latter six without an error.
Tritch pitched a steady game, striking
out two men, giving one his base on
balls and allowing but six hits. Sales,
Wirt. Ball and Trowbridge secured
the four hits with which the varsity
was credited.
For the alumni Elston. the second
baseman, put up the best game of
fielding, while "Brick" Morse, the cap
tain, proved best at the ball, getting
three hits out of four times up.
Parker and McKay pitched a fine ar
ticle of ball for the visiting team. The
teams were made up as follows:
Stanford — Williams, Sales, Chalm
ers. Wirt, Ball, Stott, Swain, Trow
bridge and Tritch.
Alumni — -Spencer, Morse, Elston,
Cowder, Hamlin, Waters," McKay,
Hatch and Parker'.
The big horse Proper, from the Jen
nings stable, cut in well when he en
deavored to concede sixteen pounds
and administer a beating to Mike
Daly's black colt Judge yeBterday ' in
the mile and 100-yard handicap at Oak
land. He came about as close to doing
it as Young Corbett will of stowing
away Jimmy Britt in a dozen rounds.
Proper was assigned 123 pounds, but
for all that the heavy track was fig
ured to be In his favor, and from 2\i
his price was played down to- 8 to 5.
The comedy was furnished in the
quotations about Judge and Celebrant,
each carrying 93 pounds. Of course,
last Saturday Celebrant defeated
Judge, but Johnny Daly, who rode the
latter, went all to pieces the last eighth
of a miie in that race. Yesterday
Judge opened at 10 and receded to 13.
Four was the opening price against
Celebrant.
Travers, on Celebrant, had orders .to
kick mud on Judge for some part of
it at least. Travers carried out in
structions, leading the Daly colt al
most to the stretch. Then "Willie Daly,
on Judge, picked up the running and
at the finish won about as he pleased
from Proper. Gorgalette ran third.
Much money was lost on the favorite,
and the pedigree experts are endeavor
ing to figure out how many double
crosses there are In Judge.
THREE FAVORITES SCORE.
There was a good crowd present, but
the betting for some reason was a trifle
lighter than usual. Favorites finished
in 1 front on three occasions. -
"Walter Jennings introduced a smart
filly to the public in Amy J, which ran
circles around the other starters in
the two-year-old dash. For some rea
son the books took no stock in the tip
that the daughter of Bendoran could
go some and the early risers obtained
a little 12 to 1. There was 7 and 8 to
1 for everybody. Eduardo ruled fa
vorite and Bell met with his usual ill
luck, poor old chap, finishing in the
ruck. Jack Martin piloted Amy J
and, shaking off his field at the start,
simply cantered in first by five
lengths, the filly covering the half
mile in 50 seconds. Salable ran his
race, downing My Order a head for
place honors.
With Geheimness, Ocyrohe and a
couple of others scratched from the
first event, James Neil's three-year
old, Distributor, was installed favorite.
The gelding was almost M.eft at the
post and finished third. , The; Hawaii
an played down ffom 3, and which re
placed Distributor for the honors of
favoritism at post time, collared Royal
White in the stretch, .winning handily.
Harka, backed from 10 and 12 down
to 4 and heralded as one of the best
things that ever came down the pike,
showed some early speed, but not
enough to Justify the plunge made on
her.
HULFORD WINS HAXDILV.
Harry Stover's Hulford completely
outclassed the starters in the five and
a half furlong sprint- following, and
from 7 to 5 the odds dropped to 9 to 10.
See got the gelding away first and won
all the way. Hoceo outstayed Box
Elder, \taking the place.
Both Elliott and Velma .Clark* wers
absentees from the fifth number, a" six
furlong selling run, which left MImo
a 6 to 5 chance. Travers rode a weak
race on El Piloto and the; favorite,
after leading from the Jump, beat
"Frisco" Hoag's sprinter a length.' St.
Winnifride was heavily backed, but
never evinced any particular liking for
a slow track and ran third. Mocorito
never cut any figure in the race.
Three pounds less weight worked
wonders in the form of G. W. Trahern.
On February 22 Joe Quinlan's gelding
started favorite in «. rape and ran un
placed. In the last race yesterday "the
ring laid 8 to 1 about Trahern and he
spreadeagled his company. Axminster
took the place, three lengths before
Oro Viva. Jimmy Coffey's mare Evea
G, the post favorite, showed a speck, of
speed early in the game, but soon grew
weary, falling back to the rear rank:'
NOTES OF THE TRACK. '
Fair Recluse, the dam of Amy J, cost
James.R. Keene . $lfi,500 in England.
She proved barren and was sold . to J.
B. Haggin.
Harka was reported to have worked
six furlongs over a muddy track in 1:17.
After the race a draught would have
blown the clocking brigade over the
racetrack fence, they were so light
financially. ...
Hulford was bid up from $400 to $700
by H. Hamilton. Harry Stover retained
his three-year-old. •
The weights for the Waterhouse cup,
at two and a quarter miles, which will
be run on Saturday, are as follows:
Claude 127 Colonel Anderson. .. 09
Proper 123 Irascible D9,
Nones 119 Watercure 98
Cunard 116 Constable 98
Dr. Boyle :... 114 Outburst ..08
Luclen Appleby... .114 Heather Honey.... «8
Lincoln- II -.112 Hinsdale ........:. 98
Aeneas .' 112 Tommy Hill 08
Siddons 110 Prcstolus : 08
Dainty 109 The Way j)8
Tellowtail V.lGft Rio* Shannon ..... 97
Thane ......... ....108JPirateer ........... 97i
Argregor 108 Caliban 97.
His Kmlnenca ... .108 Flourish 97
Horatlus / \ . . .108 I-acy Crawford . . 97,
Modicum" ....106 Expedient ........ 97'
Faulconbrldge .....105 Eonic j)6
Grafter '..105 Clausus no
Royalty ..103 Curans ....96
Joe Lesser .'...... .104 Myriad Dancer f)B
Horton 104 Past. Master .. 90
The Giver 104 Huntresua .'.....; 96
Erne ;104 Sidonla ...'.. or>
Oriana 104 Star Nova ......... 95
Incubator ...102 Discus ....t~i 95
leader .; 102 Marchmont . ......... fl.V
Cambaceres .102 Nigrette .". 95
Cafonal ...... .102 Colonel -Van . . . ... 95
Frank Woods 101 Tonopah *. 94
Lord Melbourne 101 Blessed Damozel .... 03
Baffled 101 Egyptian Princess.." 9.1
Our Bessie 101 Daisy Green ....... 92
Major Tcnny ..... .101- Duke of Richmond. 90
Admetus 101 Jack Little ..90
Vcterano ' 101 Play Ball ........ 90
The Fretter .lOOlEBie - . ..; ,.'.;.% »o
Diamante .. lCOlCarson Beauty ;...'9O
ENTRIES FOR, TO-DAY.
First race-^-Six and a, half i furlongs; four-'
year-olds and up; selling:. ' v ¦ f-.r -','-''
5301 •Nellie Bawn (McCabe t Co.) .'. . . . . .'.10.1
W70 Theodora L (Smith) .'.".......•.'. ....100
571$ Joe* Johr. (Lane) '. .".V. . ; . .102
C(2»0 Judge Voorhies (Murray) . . .V. ........ 1 10
«170 'Assessment ¦ (Neal) & ...r. ;,'... 100
C170 Mordente fStoer) ........... .....100
fJC'5 Mfsto. fWilson) ..:.....; . ....;...;..;IO2
Giro Adirondack (Shannon) ,...:.. ..:".•..¦..'*. 102
IS1M) »Pabt' Master (Fink) ........". ...... .TV 07
C110 *Lou Clievtden; (McDowell),... ;...'...1<U
NATIVES KILL
AND DEVASTATE
OAKLAND. March 2. — The United
States Revolver Association will hold
Its annual indoor championship match
at the ranges of the Oakland Re
volver Club. 412 Fourteenth street, on
Saturday afternoon and evening. The
match will begin at 2 p. m. and will
be conducted under the rules of the
United States regular army.
On the same date the Oakland Re
volver Club will hold a prize shoot,
open to all comers. Contestants may
use any 22-caliber pistol or any cal
iber revolver with a suitable reduced
smokeless powder charge. Unlimited
re-entry will be allowed.
United States Revolver Association to
Hold Annual Shoot at Club
Rangesi
Sixth race— Six furlonzs; four- year-olds and
up; selling:
(fil22)'Cousln Carrie (Burger) 97
f.W)3 Mountebank (Keating & Co.) 104
0206 Fair Lady Anna (McCafferty) 102
(61f»2)Handpress (Magrane) 110
<W88)'BoutonIerre ( Jones) • 09
6210 Yellowstone (Fine) 107
(ClOO)'Modder (Buckholtz) 97
•Apprentice allowance.
Fifth race — Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; scllins: „_
5546 *Xonie (Garden City Stable) «7
(620«)*AHce Carey (Rowell) 102
(H74 *Amasa (Rawley) 104
G200 Waterpower (Stover) 10«
C208 •Impromptu (Painter) 102
61»ri *Plckaway (Jackson) 104
(«l74)Qulz II (McCafferty) 103
0184 Pure Dale (Thomas & Reavey) 107
r>!»4<*, Florinel II (Hoaj?) « 109
6184 Dr. Sherman (White) 109
Fourth race— Mile and fifty yards; four
year-olds and up; Belling:
6112 Expedient (Smith) J04
(C197)«Mr. Dingle (Tierney) l«w
(02l)fl)Prince Blazes (Balrd & Co.) 10^
0197 Outburst .(McAlester) 1««
G2(K) Chickadee (McCafferty) 10
(G172)Gllssando (Romish) «>«
61S4 Pat Morrissey (Wellman) 107
Third race— Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; selling:
6208 •VIgoro?o (Appleby) «<
01*2 Blackthorn (Fink) }08
6140 Bogus Bill Capps) 10^
H170 *Gold Finder (Fitzgerald) H>->
C21O Young Morello (Scharetg) 108
«2(*! Seaforth (Redmond) • 105
C210 'Montana Peeress (Coffey) I'M
55Ct 'Gray Dally (Hutchinson) .'OO
0055 Nilgar (Leiser) '°->
5958 David S (Stanfield) • u{}
Second race— Seven furlongs; thre«-year-olds;
selling: .
5433 »Tcchniqu« (Clifford) M
6130 Laocoon (Coffey) 104
5470 The Bupabco (Kpplnger) 10«
6139 'Dungannon (Knebelkamp) 97
•5158 Jack Little (Fine) 101
(J153 'Chaple (Cotton) • "9
CHA3IPIONSHIP WTLIi BE
DECIDED IN OAKIiAND
Racing Auto vs. Duhallow; Amandin vs.
Ploughman; Barefoot Boy va Emin Bey; Char
ter Member vs. Aeolus; Texas Ginger vs. Con
cord Tralee; Tlllie R vs. Adonis; Tralee Boy
vs. Fenil; Peter Mclntire vs. Renegade Apache;
Rose of Gold vs. Lord Brazen; Idaho Boy vs.
Irvington Tralee; Reta S vs. Vandal; Game
Boy vs. Free From Flaw; Humbug vs. Sacra
mento Boy; High Born vs. Our Motto; Libera
tor vs. Kittle Plunger; Cubanola vs. Barge;
Kaglevs. Rector: Cloverdale vs. Pepper Jack;
Lost Chord vs. Sir Wlnton; Flaunt vs. FYee
Born; Me Henry vs. Shadow; Apple Blossom vs.
Money Musk; Donnybrook vs. Jack Short;
Rocker Arm vs. Advertiser; Miss Green ve.
McVey; Shot«un vs. Tamora; Vina vs. Sir
Pasha: Old Ironsides vs. Bill Dugan; Ragtime
vs. Royal Friends; Ruby Sankey vs. Pocatelll;
John Heenan vs. Raby Aurora; Hudson vs.
Melrose.
Pocatelli, Lord Brazen, Rector and
other fast greyhounds will meet In
this week's stake at Union Coursing
Park. Aeolus has been sent from
Los Angeles to battle with the cracks.
A number of the young greyhounds
which are. rapidly coming to the front
are also in the running. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
Other Fast Ones in the Usual
Weekly Run.
Pocatelli, Lord Brazen, Rector and
GREYHOUNDS OF CLASS ;,
IN UNION PARK STAKE
OAKLAND RACETKACX — WEDNESDAY, Mar. 2. — Weather cloudy. Track slow.
O21S. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index ' Horse and >' Owner. WtSt.,.%. %. %. Sir. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(6158) The Hawaiian. 3 (Figaro Sta.) 00 1 ...:6n 2 1^2 2 12. Travers ... 6-2 11-5
68SG Royal White 4 (F. Lowry)... 106 6,...'2n,l*%ln 27 Vandrbout 8 8
(6038) Distributor, 3 (J.Nell) j 99 8 ... 7 6 - 6 % 4 1>43 % Roach ..... 2 12-5
Harka. 3 (Wentworth Sc L.). 88 2 ... *h 84 31 41 Holbrock .. « 4
6134 Ripper 4 (P G Lane) Ill 6 ... 6 n 7 6 6 5 5 4 Reed 20 30
C008 Doria, 3 (II ' L Jones) 97 3 ... 3 h '4 h 5^612 Knapp 6 12
6196 Mehdota,'3(Napa Stock Frm) 02 4 ... In 5n_73 7.1. G. Bullman 15 60
4200 Orpheus, a (J. J.. Coalter).. . . 110 7... 88 8 8 Frowen ... 20 60
Time — :25%',--:Bi -1:14%. At post % minute. Off at 2:15." Hawaiian, place, 7-10; show,
1-3. White ' place, 7-2; show, 3-2. Distributor, show, 1-3. Winner, ch. k. by Figaro-
Queen KapioHna- Trained by J. Lodge. Scratched — Gehelmncss. Waterpower. Sim W,
Ocyrohe • Start 'bad. Won handily. Balance driving. Travers on winner, treat the gate,
took his horse- back and then outfooted , Royal White through the stretch. Distributor
away very ; badly - and no chance. Harka was plunged on for a good thing. She tried
to run out on stretch turn. Others^ww^jo^^'^^^^_^ |^_^ <^^^
O21O. 'SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-oid«; value to first, $325.
Index ¦• Horse and Owner. Wt St. ¦ % . V*. 9i- Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6135 Hulford . (H Stover)* Hi 1 . . . 1 % 1 1^1 2 1 2»4 See 6-5 9-10
(6180) Hoceo (Photo Stable) . . > . 107 3 ... 8: 34 2n 26 J. Martin.. 8 18-5
0196 Box Elder (Hamilton Stable). Ott 5 ...2n2h3434 Roach 3 13-5
61 58 Vaughan (Mrs Hertzell) 104 6 ... 64 64 5 % 4% J. T. Shehn 30 60
6211 St Yu-sef (H "E. Rowell)/. .. 99 4 ... 6 2^4 2^4 1 5 1 Travers ... 25 30
0140 Cinnabar (R.'A Smith) 09 7 ... 7 7 .6268 Greenfield . 30 r 100
6950 Mary Dunn (Bender & Co.).. 101 2 ... 4 % 5 n 7 7 Ollphant .. 25 30
Time — :24*J- :49. l:10V>. At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:41. Hulford. place. 9-20; show.
\ 1-5. Hoceo, place "9-10; show out. Box Elder, show. out. .Winner, ch. g. by Crich
ton-Xellie Bell Trained by H. Stover. Scratched— Targette. Start good. Won in a
• gallop.- Second easily. Third stopping. Winner bid up from $400 to $700 by H. Hamil
ton; retained. Hulford outclassed his company. Hoceo easily disposed of Box Elder.
Balance of- no use.' ¦_ _ ,__ ¦__ _ ri^_^_^_^_ (
G22O. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs;' purse; 2-year-olds: value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. U . ¥». ?4 • Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
Amy J (Jennings & Co.)..... 109 B 1 2#1 2 15 J. Martin.. 10 8
(5691) Salable (Blasingame Bros.)... 109 4 31 2n 2h Crosswalte 10 8
C183 My Order (P. Ryan) 109 6 ....... 4 ?i 4 3 3 *i Travers ... 6 13
6147 Eduardo (B. & W.) 109 2 ...... 6 5 2 4 1^4 Bell 8-5 8-5
(0147) George P. McNear (H. Stover) 112 3 ...... 2 % 3 n 5 4 v See 8-5 11-5
<0183) Bob Ragon (Summere & Co.). 112 1 . . . ... C h>6 6 J. Daly.... 4 .
Time — :24« :60. At post 1% minutes. Off at 3:07." Amy, place. 3; show, -6-5. Salable,
place. 3; show 1 Order show 6-5. Winner, ch. f. by Bendoran-Fair Recluse. Trained
by W. B. Jennings. Start good. Won in a gallop. Next three driving. Winner a
remarkably spry filly. Salable ran hla race. My Order ran his race . George P. Me-
Near retired early. Bell got cut off early with Eduardo. Bob Ragon ran a magnifi
cent race.
0221. FOURTH RACE — One mile and 100 yards; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; first. $S0O.
Index Horse end Owner. Wt St. U . %. ft. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.,
6186 Judge, 3 (M. J Daly) 93 4 2 % 2 1%2 2 1^14 W. Daly... 10 13
6077 Proper 4 (W. B > Jennings) ... 123 2 5 2^4 % 5 3 4HJH4J. Martin.. 5-2 8-5
(G0S9) Gorgalette, 4 (J. D. Fltzgrald) 100 1 4 % 5 2 3 n 2 1 8 1% Knapp 10 10
6198 Celebrant. 3 (Hamilton Sta.) 93 3 13 1 3%1 % 3 2 4 *i Travers ... 4 15-2
6149 Modicum 4 (D. B. Fountain) 106 « 3 n 3 n 4 % 6 «4 5 1 Vandrbout 4 «
(CISSHJoe Lesser. 0 (H. D. ; Beams) 104 5 6 6 C 6 6 |Bonner 5-2 1S-5
Time— :25, :50^ 1:16*4, 1:43?; 1:49^., At Post 1 minute. Off at 3:33»$. Judge, place, 4;
show, 8.-5 'Prop'er place, '4-5; show, 2-5 Gorgalette. show, 6-5. Winner, blk. c. by
Atheling-Judy. Trained by ML J. Daly. Start good. -Won easily. Next two driving. No
knotty legal problem was too difficult , for the Judge/to unravel to-day. Martin on
Proper saved no ground. Gorgalette ran her race. Celebrant killed oft setting the
pace. .Modicum quit. Joe Lesser ran a bad ract. -^ • „„„„„'„ 1 --,-.---_.
0222. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; Belling; 4-year-olds and up;, value to first, $325. '-
Index Horse and Owner. ' - Wt St. V*.- x h- %• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6115 MImo 4 (P. Sheridan) 91 3 ,\. 15 1 Ryjf2%l 1 "' Roach !..... • 6-5 13-10
(6124) El Plloto 0 (H. W. Hoag)..103 4 ... 2 Ii,j2 1%2 % 2 3% Travers •'. :. 6-2 3
6162 St. Winnifride. 4 (Painter).. 00 5 ... 3n 3 1*43 14 3 1J Vandrbout 10 .5
ClGl Mocorito a (T. J. Wellman). 106 1 ... 44-4645 46 Holbrook .. . 3 18-5
C171 I Wat. Overton. 4 (Knebelkamp) 100| 2 ... 5 5 5 5 McBride . . 40 75
Time — :lMvi -W,*. 1 :1C?4. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:00. ' Mimo. place, 9-20; show, out.
Piloto, place, 7-10; ehow, out. Winnifridc. show. 4-5. Winner, b. g.~ by Mileslo-Ml
r.ona. jralncd by P. Sheridan, Scratched— Elliott. Velma Clark. -Start fair. Won
ridden out. Next two driving. MImo had plenty of. speed. Travers. on El Plloto rode
as If he thought it a four-mile race. St. Wlnnifrlde can do better on a. fast track.
Holbrook was about as much assistance to Mocorito as a coll of lead pipe would be to
a drowning man. • _ _. : •_¦ j __-_
G22». SIXTH RACE; — One mile and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-oIds_ and up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. >i . %\ ?;. Str. Fin. Jockey. , Op. Cl.
6126 G. W. Trahern. 5 (Qulnlan).. 100 3 1 n In 2 «J 1 1^1 2 J. T. Shehn S 7
61G3 Axmlnster, 5 (Randall) 104 1 4 1K3 h 3 »i 3 2 2 3 • J. Martin. . 2 3
5887 Oro Viva 4 (D J Holton).. 100 2 2 2 2 2%1 h z: n 3 5 Travers... 7-2 14-5
5CR2 Col. Anderson 5 (E.Fltzgrld) 94 5 6' % 5 1>£5 4 5 4 4 h - Roach . 16 15
•54.83 Evea G 5 (Mrs. Coffey) 97 6 3 n 4 2',^4 5 4 H t 1% Knapp .;.. 7-2 11-5
SOU Lacy Crawford, 4 (Schreiber) 102 1 4 0 6 6 6 0 Bonner ' 10 15
Time— :25V., :3Ui, liitHl 1:4*%. 1:48%! At post 1% minutes. Off at 4:25. Trahern,
place 5-2; show. 1. Axminster. place, 1; show. 2-5. Viva, show. 1-2. Winner, b. g.
by Rear Guard-Rhetta B. Trained by J. Quintan. Scratched — Rey Dare, Golden Light.
Start good- Won easily. Second driving. Third stopping. This race would indicate
thRt G W. Trahern has recovered his speed. Oro Viva grew weary racing out in front
with him. Axminster could not get up. Evea G ran disappointingly. Crawford no speed.
•Los Angeles Index 5S31.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Crisp Cross, 11B (Mountain), 9 to 6, won;
Dorice. 105 <3. Lewis), 3 to 1, second; Sherry,
114 (Prior), 10 to 1. third. Time, 1:22^-
Annie Robinson. Gentle Harry, Gibraltar,
MacGyle and Hilary also ran.
Sixth race, mile, purse — Sals, 64 (Hilde
brand), S to 1. won; Greenock. 107 (Prior), 8
to 1. second; Glennevis. 10S (Redfern). 2 to 1,
third. Time, 1:41 H- Cardinal and Bragg also
ran. .
Third race, four furlongs, purse — Sea Air,
110 (Redfern). 6 to 5, won; Hllona, ¦ 110
(Prior), 4 to 1. second; Sinicado. 103 (Moun
tain). 10 to 1. third. Tlmf, :49. Sinicado
end Caroca coupled. Hildebrand, Auro and
Devx>n B also ran.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs—Fus
tian, 109 (Mountain), -8 to 1, won; Golden
Rule, 130 (Redfern), 4 to 1, second; Pat Bul
ser. 95 (L. Jackson), 6 to 1. third. Time,
1:14. Americano and Buccleuth also ran.
Quldado won the first* race from Bas
eanio, the. favorite, by a neck, with
Ting-a-Ling third.
Felipe Lugo galloped home in front
of his field In the second event, cover
ing the six furlongs, 'with 115 pounds
up, in 1:13%. Golden Mineral, the 7 to
10 favorite, was second and Colonel
Bogey third.
The two-year-old event was easy for
the favorite. Sea Air. Hllona finished
second and Sinicado third. Caroca,
which was coupled with Sinicado In the
betting, threw Jockey Boyd at the post,
shaking him up so badly. that Phillips
had to be substituted. Hildebrand, the
second choice, was left at the post in
this race.
Criss-Cross took the fifth in eaBy
style from Dorice; Sherry was third.
The last race, at one mile, was won
by Sais, Greenock second and Glennevis
third. Bragg was favorite, but had no
speed, and finished in the ruck.
Weather fine: track fast.
First race, six and a half furlong*, wiling-—
Quldado, 117 (J. Boland), 6 to 1. won; Baa
senio, 114 (Miles), » to B. second; Tine-a-
I.irjr, 116 (Mountain), 10 to 1. third. Time,
1:23. Nell Holton, Tomahawk, Capitol, Viva.
Jud^e Napton and Sharpless also ran.
Second race, six furlongs, purae — Fellp«
Lugo, 115 iHildebrand), 5 to 2, won; Golden
Mineral, 102 (Mountain). 7 to 10, second;
Colonel Bogey, 100 (R. Murphy). 20 to 1, third.
Time, 1:13%. Blwood and Foncasta also ran.
LOS ANGELES, March 2.— There
were several surprises at Ascot to-day,
the biggeet one coming In the fourth
race, when Fustian, at 10 to 1, defeated
Colden Rule, Pat Bulger, Americano
and Buccleuth. at six furlongs. They
finished in the order named. Ameri
cano was a 4 to 5 favorite.
President C. G. Tounjr. A. M. Blade, "W. C.
Ml|a, J. S. Benn, John Butler, T. W. Brother
ton. F. E. Daverkosen. Colonel G. C. Ed
wards, S. A. Heller. C. W. Illbbard. E. H.
Horton, Walter Cook. Charles Huyck, R. Isen
bruck. R. Haas. C. A?hlan<1. C. R. Kennift,
J. B. Kennlff, W. J. L. Klerulff, Forest Carey.
A. B. Finch, Judge John Hunt, Theo Lager
crantz, F. J. Lane. Walter D. Mansfield. E. A.
Mocker. W. A. L. Miller, Mr. Schad, A. Muller.
J. Peltier. F. H. Reed. W. W. Richards,
Achille Roos, Charles Vogrelsons, Samuel
Wells, Samuel Rosenheim, II. B. Sperry, Judge
J. M. Seawell, H. E. Skinner, Alex T. Vogel
sang. George Walker. W. A. Genesy. James
Watt, Bert Spring-, Maxwell McNutt. J. X.
Dewitt, W. A. McNaughton, J. c. Sellers, M.
J. Hynes, Dr. W. J. Stephens, Mr. Bell. Mr.
Kirk. G. W. Lane. W. E. Brooks, Charles S.
Wheeler, F. G. Sanborn, J. H. Tritch, James
Turner. W. S. Turner, S. Walter. Milton Man.
non. H. A. Herringer. Kirkham Wrljrht. W. J.
Wolf, F. S. Johnson, Charles H. Kewell.
Achille Roos offered a valuable
trophy for competition at Stow Lake
among the club members In delicacy
and accuracy. It is to be won twice
before becoming the property of any
competitor. Those present last night
were:
Judge J. M. Seawell spoke, M. J.
Hyjies sang and F. H. Reed, Colonel
G. C. Edwards, Alex. T. Vogelsang
and James Watt all contributed to the
entertainment of those present.
A committee consisting of Judge
Hunt, Alex. T. Vogelsang and Achllle
Roos was appointed by President
Young to select a suitable testimonial
for Mr. Mansfield as a token of appre
ciation of the services he performed for
the club.
Judge John Hunt presided In his In
imitable style. As usual, Charles S.
Wheeler, who represents the highest
type of the angler, made the hit of the
evening. He pictured the delights of
the pastime so vividly as to make his
hearers long for the day when, with
creel and rod and flybook, they will
again seek their favorite streams.
George Lane paid a heartfelt tribute
to Walter D. Mansfield, who was
president of the club for seven years,
retiring at the recent election.
Those brothers of the angle, the
members of the San Francisco Fly
casting Club, met at a smoker last
night and exchanged reminiscences
of past seasons on the famous trout
streams of the high Sierras and talked
of the season soon to open.
Young Corbett intends taking; a boll
day afield before he settles down to
the routine of training for his fight with
Brltt. 'With Harry Corbett and Colonel
Martin Brady as guests he will tour, to
Del Monte In his automobile. He ex
pects to devote two days to the trip
down and back and will possibly spend
two days sightseeing on tha Seventeen
mile drive and elsewhere.
Corbett's trainers think this let up
will do him rood, sub he easily tires of
gymnasium work. Ho Is hardly lazy,
but the routine wearies him. When he
puts on the gloves It Is different and
he enters Into the boxing with great
spirit. He never became seriously In
terested in training: for Dave Sullivan
and It was difficult for his handlers to
get him to do the amount of work re
quired to put him In condition.
As he does not drink and smokes but
one cigar a day It will not take long
to get him Into condition, especially as
he knows the bruising battle he is en
tering upon.
Jimmy Britt began his training yes
terday for the contest. He Installed
himself comfortably at Croll's gardens,
where he will fit himself for the fight,
which it Is thought will be the hardest
In his ring experience.
He feels perfectly at hom« at Croll'a
and has the run of the place. He flnd3
congenial surroundings one of the es
sentials for the proper conditioning of
himself and Is careless and free as a
schoolboy while going through the daily
routine he has to undergo. He went
around yesterday and renewed his ac
quaintance with every one connected
with the establishment. There was lit
tle real work done, but the parapher
nalia In the gymnasium was tested and
a little light exercise was Indulged In.
In a day or two the regular daily grind
will be taken up and continued without
letup to the allotted date.
Brltt was accompanied by Fred
Landers, but the camp will be aug
mented In a day or two by the arrival
of "Spider" Kelly and Frank Rafael,
who are expected to Join the staff and
aid in putting Britt through his paces.
He and Landers went out for a stroll
last evening and talked over the pros
pective battle, which will be the one
topic of conversation until Brltt and
Corbett meet.
• .. • . .. • '•¦ . : •
: The officials • of the California Polo
and Pon j- Racing Association have ax
. -ranged- an- attractive; programme for
• their 'meeting: to be held at .Tanforan
¦racecourse on . the 12th and 14th inst.
¦ : : AU the ponies which helped make ex
" eltfog sj>or.t at the recent Del Monte
n>eei will again be seen in competition.
• BiivVr Dick and Becky jvlll fight their
• batiies -over. again in the sprints, while
ihe southern contingent will make an
<-v'h*r atteir.pt to beat Fusillade with
I in-.ihe distance events. The
Ftirrap on the latter" s saddle broke at
: their last. meeting and the losers think
' it; may have affected the outcome.
. -. One of. the most interesting races
VUl be at yards for bona fide polo
. •ponies, the: prize being the artistic
FJireve crip; The races are at various
diftances from three-sixteenths of a
mile to. one mile. After 1 the first day's
racing the weights will be readjusted
r.y- Robert Leighton. the racing secre
tary- All ponies must be ridden by
qualified : gentlemen riders* The pro
" gramme follows: .
. /SATURDAY, MARCH 12.
'* Three-ei*hthr of a rail* — For maiden ponifi;
t"j> »cl:'ht 1W pounds; 4 i>ounds allowed for
«-ach half-Inch unaer 14 hands 2 inches: P"«»
i~5- value to winner S50, second $15.- third $U>.
one-fourth mile— For polntes: top -weight
l^S" 'pouTnif ; ? pounds allowed for each half
inclr under M hands 2 inches; puree $100;
vnltie' to winner $70, second $20, third 110.
. 5Ji>* For ponies; top weight 155 pounds; 4
'• X-imnds allowed for each half-Inch under 14
• hanC* 2 !nehe«; cup value to winner $83. «ec
oM >:». third $15.
r -T.hTf* • hundred yards — P"or bona flde pola
. jWles- that have never won a race; top weight
37o jjouads; 5 pounds allowed for every half
: inch under 14 hands 2 Inches; cup $S3; cup
I I'rvf^er.tfd bj' Mfysers. Shreve & Co.
. T.hree-slxteenths of a mile — For ponies; top
height 1C5 pounds: 4 pounds allowed for each
half-fnch und»r 14 hands 2 Inches; winners
«:nce thi* year to carry T» pound? extra, twice
or m<3rv S jiounds extra: purse $73; value to
*rinner ?W>, second $15. third $10.
Flre-e'shths oT a mile— For ponies; top
Teisfct 1*5 poundF; four pounds allowed for
f'ach one-half Inch under 14 han<5s 2 Inches;
rurs? $100; value to winner $70, second $20,
third HO. .
'¦ Three-eighths of a mile — For ponies that
h»ve not won a race 5lnce January 1. 19^4:
.top w^teht J6O pounds; 4 pounds allowed tor
*srh" -half-Inch under 14 hands 2 inches: purse
f 75i xalue to winner $50, second $15. third $10.
MONDAY, MARCH 14.
One-haJf . mile — For. pen I e*: top weight 1"
founds; 4 pound? allowed for each half-Inch
vn'der 14 hands 2 Inches; winners once this
-year 6 pounds extra, twice or more 10 founds
**rra; cup value to winner $60, second $25,
third ?15.
jKree-fixteenth* of a • mil*— Handicap for
Pponief 14 henfis 2 lnchei and under; weights
announced Saturday, March 12, at 6 p. m.:
•acceptances due .Monday, March 14, at 11
a. m.; purse $75, value to winner $50, second
Jr5. third $10.
Tfcree-eiehths of a mile — For ponies; top
¦weight 1W pound*': 4 pounds allowed for each
Jialf-inch -undT 14 hands 2 Inches; previous
dinners at this meeting to carry 8 pounds ex
tra; purse $7R; value to winner $50, second
Jl!i, third ?10.
| '.Or* -fourth of a mile — Handicap for ponies
•14 hands 2 inches and under; weights an
rio'unced Saturday. March 12. at 6 p. m.: ac-
VepUtnees due Monday. March 14. at 11 a. m. ;
purse f-75;. value to winner $50, second $15
lh"trd flO. • ' /
Mile— Handicap for ponies 14 hands 2 Inches
«hd under; weights announced Saturday,
•March 12, at 6 p. ra. ; acceptances due Mon
day, March 14. at 11 a. m. : cup value to win
ner $x.\ second ?25. third $15.
.'Tlirpe and a half furloncs — For ponies; top
•»eStht ICO pound?: winners once this year to
• carry. 5 pounds extra, twice or more 8 pounds
' .eictra: purse ?7.'.; value to winner, $50. sec
ond $15, third *10.
Silver Dick. Becky. Fusillade,
; : Carlotta and Others in the
'• iJaccs at Various Distances
He Is in His Happiest Vein
and Provokes Much Laugh
ter With His Witty Sallies
Is Taking Matters Easy Be
fore Settling Down to Eou
tine of Serious Training
Is Unseated at the Post by
Caroca, and Phillips Is
Substituted in the Saddle
JUDGE HUNT PRESIDES
BIG ENTRY EXPECTED
JOCKEY BOYD THEOWN
MITT LOUNGES ABOUT
Interesting Contests Will Be
Held at Tanforan Track
rin the 12th and 14th List.
Members of San Francisco
Flycasting Club Discuss
the Season About to Open
Feather -Weight Champion
Will Make a Tour to Del
Monte ThisW 7 eek inHisCar
Outsider in Betting Leads
Golden Eule, Pat Bulger
and Americano Under Wire
Fast Filly Sprung by
W. B. Jennings
in Amy .J.
PONY RACING
DATES NAMED
FUSTIAN BEATS
A FAST FIELD
ANGLERS MEET
AT A SMOKER
'MOBILE TRIP
FOR CORBETT
PROPER FINISHES SECOND TO JUDGE,
AN OUTSIDER IN THE HANDICAP
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE, THE PRIZERING AND THE FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL. THURSDAY, - MARCH 3, 1904.
10
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦HIIHBIHIIIHHHIIHHNnNIIIIIB
| MEN, WAKE UPl]
i .(Tghiirog^^fe Is Your Back Weak? n
<@S^^^f!aL Have You Dr agg«n g Pains? B
B Are You Easily Tired? g
H IwSi&saS^ "35^^^^^^K^^HL M ave you lost the flr* ar.d O
B gfflHBBBf J» 1 * strength of youth? Have you ¦
H K^aSSflf "come and go" pains in your back 91
B BaBBHfeT* '^^^^^^^f^- an^ shouldf>r3<? Are you growing B
B ff y>~u have theso symptoms or jj
hi fcSSsafcMM^— _- > *^^4^^^^^i3 any otner sign of breaking down .
It- IHMffiiT^silffl >SS^Si2waffl" nt your nerves «n f l vitality, you S
S fE^BS&&* i wU1 nnd n *' w lifo ln Elcctricit y as B
H * V-.Xafe*^ • _ \ Is made for you. It is the best i
? f-A \ to use Electricity. It pours a J
Ft 'vS^J^i'fc ' »5tVTh J& gentle stream of life into the weak E
n parts continually for hours every H
g y^^^^sJ^^^SSB^r 1^^ night. It refreshes th(* nerves, ex- ¦
a g.^yrT^^TgSaPwggBJ rands the vital powers, enriches O
E2 v. ¦ ' the circulation and makes you feel B
B , * m 3S^l^^^^ m bright, active and vigorous in one m
gj night's use. You get stronger each day. and In a few weeks you are a new {
S man, stronger and younger in the fire of youth. It 13 grand, this method !
S of mine, and every man who has ever used it is praising it. 53
q WOBTI TEN TIKES WHAT HE PAID 70S XT. 2
*.< MARSHALL. CAU. Dec 26. 1903 „
pj DR. McLAUCHLIJi- D«ar Sir: I have used your Belt for about two months. 5*
£jj and must say that It has cured me entirely. 1 feel like a new man now and can *"
D , rto a hard day's work easily. There are no more Dains ln my back and arms and R
Hi that tired ftelinc has gone.- . I;am sure that the Belt has been worth ton times ¦
rj ' more to me than I paid for it, and If .you wish you may use my name, for I will be m
j£ ' glad to recommend the Belt. Grate'ully your*. ¦ ARNOLD F. BKRRI. ™
m Don't delay trying it. Tour future happiness depends on your checkine !
m this. drain upon your vitality, so stop it now and you can be sure of a lone **
g and vigorous life; full of the joys of a healthy vigor. * ' B
U Don't drug. '¦ Drugs can't cure you. as you know, if you have tried them. •
H My Belt* cures because it increases your nerve power and vitality Elec B
gl tricity renews the youthful strength; that cures. If you will call I will El
B * * lve y°u a free test of what I can do. If you can't call send for rav rs
H : beautiful illustrated book, telling about my method. I send it, sealed free. «
2j I have 50,000 cures. Call or write to-day. Send this ad. * " **
5 Dr. M. C McLaughlin, SSjyfyrSsLst. g
g Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. «
. ¦uiiiiBiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiBiiimg
. ' AD VEBTISEMJENTS.
of winter fe^A
The cold, misty rains, northerly winds and damp,
cloudy days of winter arouse the old pains and aches 4^^*te^^^-^
and bring out all the misery of Rheumatism. All rheu- filtgiPi [k f^ti.
matic troubles spring from a too acid blood and the it^Xw^^U PPlPI
deposit of gritty, iritating particles of acrid matter in the tW^W^^^w
joints and muscles, producing keen, cutting pains, inflam- '¦** ¦"'^iSi»l«r
?f "«£& •& . x.-^^ais^aissashg"-
whole system. JJ5 a S B> Jl^J»,? nd8r tr «atment of physicians and
• Rheumatism, having itS'&iSX^^l^ c^^^^ m^WinSs:
origin in the blood, requires not us© them. My finRorjoints were also affected
an internal ron'itittitinnat'?? 1 '^*^ 1 ? 01114110^" 6^ Could barely get out with
an internal, constltuiionai the aid of a cane. Iwas unable to do my houBebold
remedy to stop it. External w ° rk « aQ d w " truly. in a pitiable condition. *
treatment onlv relieve*: fnr n £° ma 5 B 116 * tOT Y short. S. S. S. cured mo
treatment only relieves lor a after usin* it for. some little while, and I nnheei-
time. Liniments and plasters tatlngrly recommend it to all rh#tixnstic sufferers,
produce counter-irritation V. MBS. MABIAH decker.
and scatter the pains, but they collect at some other point, and Rheumatism
goes on season after season, finally becoming chronic, and the joints and
' — I — ¦ »-i muscles always stiff and sore.
(CS (<TN |C^ S " S * S ' neu . tralizes and fi!t ers out of the blood and
j^^ system all poisonous acids and unhealthy matter.
and invigorates and tones up the sluggish organs, and
m^ the cure is thorough and lasting. S.S.S. is guaranteed
purely vegetable, unequaledas a blood purifier and greatest of all tonics". *
Write for our book on Rh'eumatism. Medical advice and all information '
given withoutjeharge. _ THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA tIt is for the interest of Loth the employer
and employe to work together on friendly
terms,, and this can always b« done when
there is a dis^oeltibn shown on both sides to
exercise the principle of give, and take.
• I am here for ft r>eaceful purpose, and it Is
my Intention to get acquainted with all sides
of the quentlon before I act. and I feel quite
eure that I will be met in a frisndly spirit
by all sldeB, because. If through our committee
work legitimate labor can so en In the even
tenor of Its way unmolested and the bucine«*
lrit<>r«t can b* mads to feel venire every one
T.-lll i>el thankful to the Cltlpnn' Alliance for
bringing about this sort cf a condition.
The executive committee of the Citizens'
Alliance of San Franeisco Is made up of your
ruOKt representative citizens, cool and con
servative, who really at heart, HUe all good
citizen*, feel friendly toward' labor, because
there Is ' no such thins as -'classes" in the
business world.
1 There Is & Citizens' Alliance In every city
and town In Colorado, and these various al
liances now have a greater membership than
the labor unions, and It Is my purpose to put
California on exactly the t**me. basis.
Herbert George is registered at the
Palace. He came to San Francisco in
November and organized the Citizens'
Alliance. He returns to this city to
take charge of the work and will de
vote a good share of the time during
the coming year not only to directing
the San Francisco alliance, but to or
ganizing the entire State. He has just
finished his work in Colorado and says
Industrial neace has been established,
all reports to the contrary notwith
standing. Speaking of the situation in
Colorado, Mr. George said:
Declares It Is to Interest of
Both Employer and Em
ploye to Work Together
WILL ORGANIZE STATE
Herbert George, Head of San
Francisco Citizens' Alli
ance, Arrives From Denver
SAYS MISSION
IS CONCILIATORY
All this week at the PATTOSIEN'S
the entire line of 140.00 Bedroom Sets
will /be closed out for $26.00 at PATTO
SIEN COMPANY,] corner Sixteenth and
Mission streets. ; .: . ' .•.
The above advertisement appeared -in
Wednesday's Call reading "$26.00 ¦• Fine
Bedroom Suit for»$6.00.'' The copy fur
nished by Pattosien Co. read plainly
"$40.00 Fine l Bedroom Suit for $26.00/'
and the error .was made by . The Call
through. > the use of - a ; discarded . copy.
This • explanation ¦ Is made by ' the paper
In Justice to Pattosien Co.,. as the . firm
had no such offer to make and i the ad
vertisement as printed was misleading.
$40.00 Fine Bedroom Suit for. $26.00
* This Week.
The Board of Works yesterday re
quested the Board of Supervisors to
have experted the . books and accounts
kept by N. Jortnll, former' secretary
of the board. The request is made so
that the ' surety." company * which ' was
on Jortall's ; bond may be advised.. If
all moneys handled ;by him have been
properly accounted for.
Wants Books Experted.
Thomas J. Kennedy, assistant bond
and warrant clerk, has been selected by
District Attorney Byington to proceed
to Dover, Del., and accompany the wit
nesses in the case of Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kin, charged with murder, to this city.
All the witnesses in the East are to be
waiting for him at Dover, where , Mrs.
Elizabeth P. Dunning received the box
of poisoned candy gent from this city
vhich caused her death and the death
of her sister* Mrs. Deane.
Mrs. Botkin's seebnd trial is set for
March 10, but as it is anticipated the
Impaneling of the jury will occupy at
least two days the examination of wit
nesses will not be commenced until
Monday, March 14.
District Attorney Bylngton Sends As
sistant Bond and Warrant Clerk
Kennedy to Dover, Del.
WILL BRING WITNESSES
FOR THE BOTKIX TRIAL
The Knights of, the Red Branch will
observe the one hundred, and twenty
sixth anniversary of the Irish patriot,
Robert Emmet, with a*~ celebration at
Native Sons* Hall to-morrow evening.
The oration will be delivered by 4 Frank
J.. Sullivan. Many well-known enter
tainers have volunteered their ser
vices for the occasion. The following
committee will- have the ' affair in
charge . J. Deasy, J. J. Connlff e. P.
JV'Mfidlfran, T. L.'M»honey and T. J.
:,:eiiett \ ;
Eight thousand tickets will be
printed for the occasion, three thou
sand for the afternoon event and five
thousand, for the evening entertain
ment A request will be made of all
the large business houses to. allow a
half-holiday to all employes who de-
Bire to take part in the celebration."
Th* Board of Education will also be
&3ktd to grant all school children a
holiday, should they be disposed to
attend the exercises. The ."committee
will meet again on next Sunday at the
same hall.
The executive committee in charge
of the St. Patrick's day celebration
met at Knights of the Red Branch
Hall last nicht * and outlined more
rlrtnn for the celebration to be held on
March 17 in honor of Erin's patron
saint. The afternoon exercises will
consist of Gaelic field sports afr the
Prts!dlc athletic grounds, and In the
evening there will be a musical and
literary entertainment at Mechanics'
Pavilion, followed by a grand 1 ball.
The programme will consist of pa
triotic selections' by the orchestra, a
drill by Company D. League of the
Cross Cadet3, vocal selections by Da
vid Manlloyd, sleigh bells solo by Miss
Nellie Waters, reading of resolution
aud a short address by the chairman
of the evening, Michael Casey.
Day in Afternoon and Literary
Programme at Night.
Ott*a*lon to Be Celebrated With Field
LOYAL SONS OF ERIX WILL .
OBSERVE ST. PATRICK'S DAY
An attachment was served yesterday
on A. G. McKerlie, doing business un
der the name of the Yolo Creamerie in
the Union-square Market, at the in
stance of the Farmers' and Merchants'
Bank of Sacramento, which has sued
the concern for $3631 60.
Attaches Creamerle Company.
YiAy Davis, who was married to
Henry Davis at Oakland in January,
1893, sued him for maintenance yes
terday. She alleges that February 24
of this year he abandoned her and has
not since then contributed a cent for
the support* of herself and one child.
Davis, who, according to his wife's
complaint, receives a salary of $120 a
month, has been ordered to appear be
fore Judge Hunt to-morrow and show
cause why he should not pay Mrs.
Davis $50 a month pending trial of
the suit.
Sties Davis for Support.
The factory of the Baden Company
is on the third floor of the building:
and is reached by a narrow winding
stairs. At the top of the stairs on
the third floor is the door to the ele
vator, which evidently had been
forced open. The elevator was found
at the top floor, but blood stains on
the floor of the elevator and on the
floor by the entrance at the thirQ
story show conclusively that it was
Baden has for some time occupied
an office at 112 First street and re
sided with his family at 10US Steiner
street. While his death was without
doubt the result of an accident, it was
at first thought by the police that mur
der had been committed. The body
was found lying in a mangled heap at
the bottom of the shaft with arms and
legs broken and the skull fractured.
Samuel Baden, a manufacturer of
ladies' skirts and shirt waists,
brother-in-iaw to Attorney Henry
Ach, met death in a horrible manner
yesterday morning. His dead body
was found by Gus A. Ston?, an er
rand boy, lying at the bottom of an
elevator shaft.
Baden leaves a widow, daughter
and two eons. The body was taken
in charge by Attorney Henry Ach.
Police Officer Chupelle stated yes
terday afternoon that he had often
warned Baden about beingr careless
with tm» elevator. He" further says
that Baden was in the habit of arriv
ing 1 at the building before daylight,
and was invariably careless in the
manner he operated the cage.
The- theory of robbery and murder
was .quickly discounted when, upon
seaithing the-^oody, it was found that
the dead man was armed with a 38
caliber revolver and had about twenty
dollars on his person.
there that Baden met his death.
It is the belief that Baden, on
reaching the third floor, forced open
the door lending out of the elevator,
at the stame time starting the elevator
upward. In this way the body must
have been crushed between the ele
vator and the floor above.
Employes of the' Baden Manufac
turing Company say that Baden was
in the habit of getting down to his
office! very early in the mornings,
sometimes arriving: before 4 o'clock.
MANUFACTURER WHOSE BODY. TERRIBLY CRUSHED. WAS FOUND
YESTERDAY MORNING AT THE BOTTOM OF THE ELEVATOR
SHAFT AT HIS PLACE OF BUSINESS ON FIRST STREET.
The financial report of Cashier J. T.
Donahue of the Board of Public Works
for February shows the receipts fur
various permits issued aggregated
$12,42-' S5. against $13,009 08 for
January. Of this amount $2930
was for 150 street space per
mits. 4360 for 25 sidewalk permits,
$1625 for 17s house building permits and
$143 for 4 house moving permits. There
were 153 side sewers built, for which
dejjt.-Fits in the sum of $5230 were made.
The -iisburseinerus amounted to
$9089 18, of which $4455 were for de
posits on permits returned, $4349 IS for
account of tearing up streets, fund and
$285 on the house moving fund.
Cashier Donahue of Works Board
Mates Ret-cipts Were $12,422 35
In February.
The board took no action on the
petition of C. S. Harney tu- be released
from his contract to grade Lake StrtCt
between Twenty-fourth and Tv.vnty
sixth avenues. Hartley's attorney ad
vised him that proceedings were tikea
Irregularly in that the resolution of
intention was not published for ten
dr ys, a fatal defet that would render
void any assessment for the work.
» _
I-'ILKS FINANCIAL REPORT.
The report of City Engineer Grunsky
recommending that the orfer of the
Pc.v Cities Water Company to supply
this city with water from Coj-ote Cio«k
be not accepted, because the source is
unreliable, as published in yesterdly's
Call, was ordered transmitted to tht
Bt trd of Supervisors.
The City Engineer was directed to
report on the -petition of George C
Aduins that a sidewalk be constructed
on Devisadero street, near Green.
The board transmitted plans to the
Board of Education for the reconstruc
tion of the three corners of the base
ment of the Whittier School at an esti
mated ccst of $660.
The amount of deposit for the con
struction of conduits by Herbert E.
Law on Mission, New Montgomery and
Annie streets was fixed at 5335.
The board decided to investigate the
complaint of Almshouse Superintend
ent Schmitz relative to the impassable
condition of Seventh avenue from K
street to Corbett road.
City Engineer Grunsky yesterday
filed a report with the Board of Public
Works regarding a permit for the main
tenance of a spur track on Illinois
street, near Sixteenth, by the Union
Oil Company. Grunsky reports that
the company's improvements have been
so located as to cut off approximately
seventy feet of the easterly side of Illi
nc-is street, leaving on the ground an
eighty-foot street. This is also the
condition southerly from this property
to Eighteenth street.
The Harbor Commission notified the
board that some satisfactory disposi
tion would be made of the Union Wood
Company, now occupying a wharf at
the foot of Third street, so that the
Santa Fe Company could construct a
steel bridge across Channel street.
The petition of R. D. Smith and J.
F. Connolly that r Mission street from
Second to Third be paved was referred
to the City Engineer for a cost esti
mate.
Harbor Board Will Make
Disposition of Wharf 0b-
structing a Thoroughfare
BRIDGE TO BE BUILT
City Engineer Eeports on
Petition of Union Oil Com
pany to Lay Spur Track
IMPROVEMENTS
BLOCK STREET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1904.
Samuel Baden, WellrKnown Manufacturer,
Is Killed While Paying an Early Morn
ing Visit to His Place of Business
MEETS AN AWFUL DEATH
IN HIS OWN ELEVATOR
Tax Collector Smith stated yester
day that the receipts of the.license of
fice for the month of February, 1904,
were $30,077 25, an increase over the
same month last year of $2914 25. The
number of licenses of all kinds issued
was 2801. and liquor licenses amount
ed to $19,824. There, were 122 li
censes granted .to restaurants. The
principal increase was for lodging
houses, real estate brokers, fortune
tellers and phonograph parlors.
February IJrcnse Collections.
Mr. Oeorgo will take charge of the
Citizens' Alliance offices In the Crossley
building immediately and regular
¦weekly meetings of the alliance will be
held as soon as arrangements can be
made for a hall sufficiently large to ac
commodate a fair percentage of the
membership.
"I notice by the records in the office
to-da.v thrft there are over 10,000 blue
card members already with a red card
membership of half as many more in
sight," continued Mr. George. "Blue in
dicates the regular membership and the
red the allied members. I purpose rais
ing this list to 30,000 before next De
comber.'
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS/*^
THE ELECTRO-GHEMIG INSTITUTE
: ~ " j The Larisst, Finest and Most ThorouiMy
The Elecfro-Chemic Treatmsnt Equipped Electrical and Medical
cures Painiei«iy and institute In the West.
Without operation: -
SkSSSSiT" 1 **- ALL CHROMIC AND SPECIAL DISEASES
COirSUICPTIOW, Which taake life miser able and happiness lia-
PEATaZKS, possible are succeasfuly treated upon
S^S 0^* 1 THE UTEST SCIENTIFIC PRINCIPLES
inrUSAI^rXA,
BTBSTOT7S27XSS, THJC ELECTRO-CHEMIC TREATMENT
nraw.1T V paRAITSIS itanda pr^-emlnent and alone. Is unequaled and
va~swaJU. A^rrXia Is the most advanced and successful method of
LOCOMOTOB ATAXIA, treatment known for all classes of chronic dls-
CAHCEB, TUMORS, . eaces. Hundreds of persons »uff?rin«t frctn seem-
XtlVKH DISEASES, / lngly Incurable diseases. a;lven up alike by phy-
n-ffTntrr'a riT«rr>AS-R stclans r.nd friends as beyond hope of even relief.
. 2222L . hare, under the n««lc InHuence of the Electro-
DIABETE3, DYSPEPSIA., Chemic Treatment, been restored to perfect health.
BLADDEB TBOTTBXiXS,
and the apodal and CONSULTATION "T^ Tpi "T"!
Nervous Disorders of _ nd %A &ef AJ HJ
¦"""^^ I EXAMINATION F H Ed Ed
Offloe Honr«: Sally, 9 ».m. to S pan. and 7 to 8 p.m. Sundays. 10 asa. to 1 p.m.
The Electro- Chemic Institute,
118 OBA2TT AYE, COS. PO3T ST.; SAZT PSASTCXSCO.
Separate Apartments for Ladles and OemUeaien.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
I f sum«it i«l Trslai leateand »r*
[MbaMRftSMAsr* £m\
W^^TTW SAX FRAXCISCO. .
\^ gm « "f y (Main Line. Ferry Depot
»^*^ Toot of Market Sireet t
¦Lxmx — K»o* Fii»»ut«Y 17. l-W. — AWirm
7-00* VncsTllle. Wiuter*. tiuiuicy 7S0p
7 COa Deal.la, tiuUua. Elmtrs sad Sucrv
men:.. 7.20>
7.304 T.ilifjo. K»pik CalUto:-.i. Santa
Km*, Msrttnez. 8»n Usnton 8-20>
7- 30* Nile*. LiTermore. Tracy. Lathrop.
SCocK:on /2Q>
£.00* 8h»sM Express— (Via DaTl*>.
Wtlllauu (fur Bartret: Sprln£«>. ,
'Willows, 't'ruto. Ued UluiT.
PortUoi). Tscoma, Sesttle 7.50^
800* Davit. Woodland. Ka!<ht» LandmK.
>Ury»v!:'.e, Oro»l!Ie 7.50?
8 30* Fort Cotta. Martinez. Aattoch.
Byroa. Tracr. Siockton. New-
irnri. Los Busoa. 11 e n .1 o t a.
Armona. Ilnn:or4, Vlsalla.
PorteTTtll* *.2ar
C 30* Port Cosin. Martinez. Trscy. Latb-
n>p. Modesto, Merced. Fresao,
»io.-«n-n Junc:tu:). II aa ford,
Vlu'f.1. D&XenSeld 4 53?
tt 30* Nile*. Sm Jose, I.lvermore. Stoci-
tiirj. (?Mi:t.>a!. luae. Sacramento,
Pmrerriile, Mary»'»Ue. Colco.
Bed Blaff 4-20*
8.30* O»fcd!«l«. Chlnen*. Jamestowa. So-
norm, Tuo'.mnne and Ansel* 4 20?
800* Atlantic Express— OgCcn ind East. 11.20*
3.30a Klchmoti^, Msrtlnes snd Way
Sutlnas 3 50?
IOCS* Tbe OtfrUml Limited — Ogilea.
Denver. Omnha. t.li!c««o. 6201*
1000* Vallejo 12.20*
10-00* L«» Anjt»".e» Pa»*eniter — Port
Costa. Martlnex. Ilyron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
ItKTiimu'l. Freino. Goiben June-
tii'D. llaBfonl, Lemoore, Visalia.
Cakerifleld. Los Anscle* 7 20- .
1200m Haywsrd. 5I1« and Wsy Stations. 3.20p
.?1J)0r 8«cr»mento UlTer Stesraers tii.OJp
530i» BcBlrta. WlnteT*. Sacramento.
Wvodland. Knlsnta Landing.
MaryaT'.Ue. OrorlUe sad way
•tattons 10.50*.
SJOr Baywara.Ktiea and Way Station*.. 7-S0r
3 30r fort CoeSa. Martinez. Byron,
Trie/. Lsthrop. Modesto,
Mercid, Fresno si'd W»y Sta-
tions beyond Port t'oit* 12-20?
3-30i« Msrtlnez.Trsey. Stockton. Lod!... 10.20*
4.C0P Uarttnex.6anllaraon.ValIeJo.Napa,
Catlstoca. Santa Uo«a 920*
4 00f Nile*. Traer. Stockton. LodI 4.20r
4 30r Uayward. Nil's, lrrlnston. San » t8.60*
Jose. Ltvennore ) (11.50*.
6 OOr Toe owl Limited— Newman, Los
Banoa. ?Jr ndota. Fresno. Talsre,
Bskersfleld. Los Aagsles.
Golden SUte Limited Strep-r.
Oakland to Los Angele*. for ' hl-
eago. via C. R. 1. A P 8.504
B.COr Port Co* ta. Tracy. Stockton 12 20r
t530P Hayward, Nlies and San Joj« ..... 7. 20*
6-OOp Hayward. S lies and San Joia. 9. SO*
b.COr Eaut'ro Express— Osden. Denver.
Umaha. St. Loals. Chicajo sad
Ksit. Port Costa, Benlcia. But*
saa. E'.mlra. D»t1». Sacramrato,
Roeklln. Auburn, Colfai,
Truckee. Boca, Reno. Wa.lv
wortn. ivianemacca 3 20'
6. 00p Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I -. - n
7-OOr Vallejo. Sunday only f «-°«* F
7X0r KlcBoond. San Pihio. port Costa,
Uiirttnsx and Way Stations 11.23*
8X6r Oregon * California Express— Sac-
rtmento, Marrttllle. Ileddlar.
PortlsDd. Pain Sound and Kast. 8-804
8.1 0» Hsywsrd. Nlles and Saa Jose (Snn-
day only i 11.60*.
COAST LINE i (Sarmw tiaag*).
(Toot of ilaricet Stregt.)
8.1 S* Newark. Caatervllla. Ban Joao.
Felton. Douloer Creek. Saata
Crns and Way Stations 553'
t2'1fir JfewarJ:, C«atervUle. Bin Joia,
Kew AIniAden.Los Gato«.Fe!ton,
Boalder Creek, Sunta Cruz sad
¦*¦" ¦¦- Prlndjal Way BUUon* rlO55»
4.1Bp Newark. Ban Jose. |i0s6atosan4 I fS-Si *
way itatlon » HO 55*
«9-30r Banters Train. Saturday only. San
J Jote and Way Stations. Retam-
Ing from Lou Gato* annrtay only. t7 2ir_
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From b ANY KA* CISCO, tout of ilnrket St. (Slip •>
-tl:13 »:0O 11:U0a.m. 1.00 3-C0 6.1»p.n
From OAKLAND. Foot of Droadway — t6:0O t3:H0 ¦
18:06 10:00 a.m. 1£C0 2.00 4 00 r.n.
COAST LINE (itVoaJ »«*u«.».
' m CIT* (third ana Townaend Streets.)
8.10a San Jo«e snd Way Stations S-30r
7 CO* Ban Jote snd Way Stations 5 35f
ICO* New Almaden (Tnf «.. Frld.. only), 4.10r
• 00* Tfce Coaster— Stops only Sao Jose.
Oilroy (connection for Hotlls*
ter). Pajaro. Castrovllle (con.
oeetlon to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove). Sallnaa. 8a*
§Ardo. Paso Bobles. Santa lla>
garlta, San Lot* Oblspo, prtnctpsl
stations thence Sarf (connection
for Lompoc). principal ststlons
tbence Santa Barbsra,San Buea»-
ventnra. Snagos. Los Anje'.es... 10-43r
•.CO* 8» i Jose. Tres Plnos, C»p!tola.
tiantaCrnz.Paciac ftrove.Saltnaa.
P«n Lnl* obupo ami Principal
Way Station* _ 4-10»
10_50» Ean Jose and Way Station* 1-23?
11-30* Ssnta Clara. Ssn Jose. Los Gato*
and Way Station* 7.30r
130? Esn Jo«e and W»y 6t»t!om 8 38*
SCO*' Del Monte Express— Santa C!srv
8sd Josa. Del Monte. Monterey.
PactDc Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux. Boalder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Po!nts>
at Oilroy for Hulllster. Tres
Ptnos. at Castrnville for Sallaa*. 12-1S'
3-30* TresPlnosWay Ps»»«n«er 10 4S*
430? Bsa Jose snd Way Stations t3.00*
tSOOi* esn Jose, (via Ssnu Clara) Loa
Gatos. snd Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) r9 00»
i6-U> SanJoseandPrinclpalWayStatton* 13 40*'
600r Sanset Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Joae.Ollroy.S'allnaii.r'aso Koblea.
Ean Lul* Oblspo. Santa Barbara.
Los Ane» If ». Demlnjr. El Psso.
Kew Orleans. K«w Tork. Con-
oects at Psjaro for Santa- Cms
snd at Cftatrovtu* for Paetae
OroTe and Way Station* 7 10v
16 16? eanllateo.BeTesford.Belinoni.Sasi
Carlos. Redvood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t«.43*
6 §0r Esn Jose and War Buttons S33*
8 COr Palo Alto ajid Wsy Stations 10.15*
11 .SQr Bomb SanFranctsco. Mlllbrae. Bar
llngarae. 8an Mateo. Delmont. -
fian Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
. Menlo- Park, snd Palo Alto 3.43p
«11.Mi» Hayfleld. Mountain View. Suanv-
vsle. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
Saa Jose f9.4a>
A for Morninr. Pfor Afternooa.
1 Baaday execpted. t Sanday only
• Bainrdayonly.
I Stop* at all station* on tanday.
tr Oaly trains stopptnf at Valencia 8t> sovtab««sMt
sre»:10AJt^7:00*ji, 11:30 *~»L,S:S0rjc.«:J0*.j t .aa < j
¦ ROSS VALLEY, '
CAZADERO, Etc
Via S&usaUto retry.
Suburban Service. Standard Cause Electric-.
Impart from Ban Francisco Dally .:0O. 8:00.
flOO 1000 11:00 a- m.. 12:20, 1:45, a. IS. 4.13,
0 : l3' 8-15 T :00k »:«. 10:20. H:4»p. m.
FTtOM SAM RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
-Daily 5-25 «:35. T.W. 8:33. 9:33. 11:05 a.
m. 12'2<>. ll*Si 2:S3. 3:45. 4:45.. 3:45. 6:45.
'FROM^nT VAL1J5T TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO^Dally. 5.43. 6:35 T:«. 8:33^, 0:53.
11:20 a. m.. 12:25. 2:00. S:13. *:03, 3: OS. «:03.
"03? »:0a 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally— Caaadero and way statlona. ,
- 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday exceptedv—
Tdmales and way statlona.
8:13 p. m. ¦ Saturdays — Casadero and war
stations. ncA
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Rayea aa4
way stations. .
, TICKET orriCS-t» Miftut it. '
FBRBT— Ualoa O«sot. toot 0! lUrkat af.
.. . APVEBTISEMEKT8*
- .'-..¦¦¦•¦ j@^^^DTte5^f
Po»itlTely cared by theso
Wttlo Pills.
3% also relieve Distress £roa Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Heartj Eating. A pcr-
' '^ remedy for DkzL-.ess, Xausea, Drxrwsl-
¦ tsess. Bad Taste ia the Month, Coated Tongns j
. r*Li in ' «he Side, TORI»ID LIVER. They !
• fcegtjate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. j
Small WH. tmallDose. j
• . Small Price > I
Vrvfcrr DR. J O RDAT?S~q^?^ 1
QFAHlTdHY^i
v- £3 icn KitTwa.tst.Kt*»,gjrxri.^ I
" -U .• " he *-"¥*¦-»•- *™«««»l Masear, In !he K !
¦' in * j. ¦ r^fc^ \V«»r(d' > >Vrtkt«e<i .-r anv c«fiTr»f»ed A !
(5 1^£ J CS- JCKDAM-O'SEASES OF HEM I '
" \ f 'I C.CTKultf.tKm fire ir.d strictly priTite. \ j
0 I Y*vZ A T! ""' T '« r«t~r.i-..y ot bv u-.tcf. A A
¦\ B T Mil /'•"""• fur' >••. rrrry cs«« un Jer:«!icn. T !
l) k if 's»? *'rt»'nR«k f tt I !-•*«• rnv or A
' »¦' H StBnlACK, MAII.E.O FREE. ( A V !
: " A <* ii- -»i«--»W* two. lot Ti'ti) \
' V. EU. Ji:n:>*.\ /L i O . IC5! Market st..S. F. V I
OCEAK TBAVEL. j
_y^\C~r r^. Gtiemmerm leave Piers » and j
yf^V^^^ffiy Jl- liar.cisco:
f^^. %tf\ For JCttchikan. V«'rangel, ;
/C. v"^?*ft "*\ "'¦'¦¦~^- Kaliiea, Skaguay, |
1 I \\AJc5* i €tc > Alaska— 11 a. m.. Mar. I
1 \ wSca/ ./ i. «. ". J«i. -l. i*. ai. Apr./ 1 .
\J>>. Y /»97 Cliange to comi'anyj'v
yfc^^—^ay s - .fEn:er at Seattle ,
For Victoria. Vancouver. I
.. " ¦ Vvft Tov.-ns*ni, Fcattie, Ta- i
comiu Evel^tt. BeUiBShatn — 11 a. m.. Mar. 1, !
«. 11. 16. SJ. I'S. Cl. Apr. 5. Chanre at Statt'.e •
iw tin's con-pany's itt'Utint for A!&£ku and O. ]
\^\ r.y. ; at t=ttti!e or Taccniii to X. P. Ry. ; i
i ¦ Vancouver ;o C. P. Ry.
¦• For flluinbjldt Bay)— Poraons. 1 :30 '
p. .ra.. Mar. ft. 11. 17. 25, 20. Apr. 4. Spokane.
• l./.M p. n... Mar. 2. 8. 14. 20. *»•«. Apr. 1.
. ¦•For Los Ar.relee tvia Per: l*j* AnReles and \
Ktrflohdui, San Diepo and Santa Barbara — San- j
'.ta~Rc*a, Sundays. 8 a. m.
.Ptat<» .of California, ThurrdayF, 9 a. m.
Tor. Los Ar.Ef ies ivia t^an l'p«iro and Kasf I
; F*n Pt-drr). Santa Barbara. Santa Crur. Mon- j
ter*r. Fan Simeon, Cavuco?, Port Harford (San i
1-ufs Cbtspo), Ventura end IIufrj»m^.
".•' .Coos Bay, 9 a. ir... liar, tf, Vi. '21. Apr. I.
Ronlta. 9 r. ra.. Mar. 4. IS. 2b, 1'8. Apr. 5.
• For KnsfT.ada, Maedalcr.a Bav, San Jcfp del !
<-"nfco; Mcr»tliir. Altait L.a Far.. Santa Ro- ;
-•F4U». Guayrr.as Olex.). 10 a. m.. Tth rach :
-n-» r.'.^i. >'< :• furth'r !nrcr:r.atlon obtain foIJer. |
• P.Ijrht is roE?r\»-ri to charge steamers or taillrii;
• estrr
TICKrT OrriC2S--4 K«W Monigom- ¦
rrv ft. (Haiae« HtAtSh 1" Market rt. and Rrcad-
.>£-.- ?"r»ie!it effirp. 10 Market :.?.
- . C T». L'UXAX.V, CT.err.l rn.'senpcr Agpnt,
:•• ;.*.. San Frsnclfco.
, . Tb« Pacific Trsrrt'T if<->.. 2-> Sutt»r rt.. will I
' •¦•"<•! for ;.r,,! • !io( >: Kiyr.irc frorri liotole «nd
¦ T' -¦.'¦•>•<¦{••. Tr>i'h- r,» Exchense 312.
O- R, fe N. CO.
ORECOX ??'.'¦* ilarch S. JS. 2S. April 7 17 !
IT, TJ.ny 7 and 17. BJS. Oregon i^ Tcmporarliy In '
rrvic* ir.rtcin 1 . cf tSe Colombia. CEO W
tXJOEti tmll* SJjirvh t. is, £.->.. April 2. 12. •_•:•. '
;-.!.-:y 5 ar.i* 12. Only «t?an-.fh;p line to PORT- '
]..',r.;> Oir.. *rA rJjcrt rail Jlne from Portland .
. t" all j;o<:;ts i:ast. 'Hirough tlck'ts to all point*.
i :! rnii u tttaxafbtp end rail, et LOWEST ¦
RATES. S^amtr tickets Jnciude berth and ;
Tr»-3:». Sfcrr.fr Falls f.-nt of Sr*t»r tt . at 11 :
a m. S. F. liOCTH. Ofn Act. Tans. I>ept., i
WmilAOWety St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Ageal.
Tv\£+:; V-rrt.. :'. iContcotaenr rt.
iltKEICAH X.TBTS.
Tlrmcxitt — Chcricnrsr— Southaaipton.
in:.'. Ni w * r.rij .-.-turofivr at :<::,'¦> a. ra.
N"v. \. r>. M^r. It Zrc!sm!.liar.^;.!'js;0sim
tt- Paul ilar. :fl .<t. l/u!» Apr. 2]
ATIA^TIC mtAJTSPCKT T.Z7U1.
• '• 3ew Ttrk — Itcntlci: Sirsct.
T.!»ao:nl:i«c- M-.r. i:, S a. m. :
Mlrrwapt^i" Mar. lit. 7 a. m. ;
. y * M' t u Mi' r. 2<I, tt a. m.
:: ."¦ rrl:n Apr. 2. 7 a. rn. ¦
¦.'.'" Only flm-c:i*s> r;s!"nrfr5 tarried. '.
xtoxzznioir x.i»e.
. rortlxuafl — Tiiverpocl— :=ii<irt Bea passase. |
f"Ar.ed:t Mir. :2iihi7r;ait.n Apr. 2 ;
Vancouv* : Mi.r. -C.Cr.inl>r<.rann Apr. a i
HOilArB-AKTEICA IO.SZ:.
Kew Twli.-.< ."•. Si'arr.em of IZMJ9 Tone.
Kew Tort — Bcttcrdcai, Via Uoulcjmc. '¦
MRi'.lr.g Tuf-days at Id a. m.
P.ottertfarr. M2r. J'f tat^ndam Mar. 2» :
. i*opr6am Mar. SiPatMarn Arr. i ¦
EED ETAS I.IK- 2.
• Sew "Zori —^Attwerp — Paris.
From Kew Vork Satur.ia;-s at IO:M ». m.
Vaderland Kar.XSjZctflaad Alar. 21 i
Kroosland Mar. lit Finland Arr. 2 '
WHITE STAB X.XHE.
JTew York— Queenstows — Liverpool.
Balling \\>dn«"*<Iayi'.
Oceasic . . .Mar. ft ncon>Iaje?-ti-.-.Mkr.:;o,lO '.
Celtic ..Mar. 1«. 4 p. m.: Arabic. ..Arr. 1. ."V p.m. •
SeCV.c ..Mar. 23. 9 a.rr..,O'<?anic.Apr. '!. 10a.m. ;
Boston — Queen at own — 1.1 v c rpool .
Crir-ric Mar. 17, April 14. May 12
Oetlc Mar. :;l. April 2.1 ;
BOSTOXT KEDIXEHHAWEAN SEKVIC3.
Azores, Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
CAKOPIC Mar. 12. Apr. 23. May 2« i
r.KPITBLIC (flew) Mar. 2« '
r.OlL.\:<IC April 9. May 14. June IS j
C". -D. TAVIjOR. PaFSPncf-r Aitent Pacific Coast. ;
21 Po»t St.. San Francisco. I j
*i!S*&AZRy KAK3CILLLS. CEKQ^^Vk P
t^ KAPLLS & AlXXAN'Dai A. /^J^fm
CAKOPIC Mar. 12. Apr. 23, May 28 !
" REPUBLIC (new) Mar. i'6 I
ROMANIC Apr. 9. May 14. Jun* 18
fS*>n»l for rate? and lllimtrated booklet.)
Th'xt ftfemere are the largest In the
Mf<IH*rrane»n service.
. - -'F;rEt-clar*. fC3 upward.
Boston to Liverpool oueelSow*
CTMRIC Mar. 17. Apr. 14. May 12
ORPrriC Mar. Jl, Apr. 2S
' Firt-t-c'.atF. $C0 and *65 upward, accord-
lnsr fi, st«=am»-r. For plans etc., address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-S1 State St..
Bortoa. cr to C. D. TATLOR, 21 Port ft.
'. ' ~~
J$amburg-/krnerican.
Sl-weekly Twin-Screw Service,
\*. Tot Plymouth, Cherbonrir. Kamhurr.
• "Moltkc liar. r., # Mr,Iike Mar. 31
. Pretoria Mar. 12 .Pennsylvania ..Apl. 2
¦ Waldwiee ....Mar. 19;*r>euu>chland ..Apl. 7
".nijrechrf ....Mar. 24 'Patricia Apl. 9
••Orlil room and rj-mr.ariuni on board.
. HAMBUEG-AMESICAN 1.IXTE.
Offir-*-«, 25 and 27 Broad way. New Vork.
HKRZOG £ CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA BT.
• E. 8. EIEHRA. for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and F>dn«-.v, Thur.. March 3, 8 p. m
6.K. Al^AMKDA. for Honolulu^ Mch. 12. 11 a.m
S. p. ilARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Mch. IS, 11 a.m!
ii. littinu i CKS.CS., Aftx^Tct£tC!fia,C4S KsmtS
unrtcmz czxtzr^x TXAWSATuiJtrmu.
• f-IRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. r «u,
Saillr.E every Thursday Instead of •iJECt'SfL
« Fuvroay. at 10 a. in., from Pier 42. -*¦&?&'
?>orth P.tvar. foot of Morton et.
Firrt class to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
. crd class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
' KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Bulldlngj,
J^ew York. J. F. FUOAZI tc CO.. Pacific Coatt
¦ Af^r.ft. fi Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets gold by all Hall road Ticket Agents.
Bteamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
t *i a., ci., :;:15 and 8:20 p. m.. except Sunday.
Emday. 8:45 a. tn v 8:30 p. so. Leave Vallejo
7 a. rn.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. 8ud-
4iT. " a. in.. 4:15 p. ra. Fare. CO cents. TeL
Kiln Itu*. rier 2, Miseioa-et, dock. HATCH
liuOS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W BrantS m
EM H Wa
M Gre&m m \
always bears the above cap^H
label. It means the same^ffl
as telling you that we filj
back up its purity with a$m
B9 - $5,000 guarantee. BB
BBm Made by the largest pro-^H
Wm ducers of Evaporated Hh
Jsjsm Cream in the world, wlfk
Watch and 1
Wait for the 1
ScotchmanS
1009 MarKet St. I
i.rrr ; . . ' . . — : — : — — — — ,
Always Remember the Fall JName
g axatave frfrrjmna
Cures aCoM la One Day, Gripm 2 Days
f9. SfsJCfr&vp*^ bco. 25c
I RAILWAY TRAVEL.
| IViT. Tamalpais Railway
! '¦•-,¦ ¦. Leave -x Tu Siaulits ttrj Arrive ' "*¦
I a— Prandseo Fist rf itorkst a ¦ Saa Frandsc*
! .Week Sun-- ¦ i g 8FtV. : Sao- I Week
Day*, days /fJE^mKSl days Dayv
•lM0i*S:OOA KMmMAW »«.-O» rfwTTO
*1i46p »:OOa WgBTSSmSB l:95r 2:50r
ft:lftr 1O:OOa %^K«3SSr »:«Op 5:5Of
ll:OO A 4:B«r •:¦•»
—— . . l!4»F 5t5»F ,
.«— .. '9iiar ,T:BO* •
*C—sst wllfc ttsgi tt s>ws tat ITEffi- Qosy
'ncnt > I V» Majuckt 3T.,(Nort)> Shor* RailrosW 1
•nUB I tad SAVtAuro Fsut. foot Uukst Sc.
; . BAILWAY TBAVEL.
The Only Double-Track Railway Between
the Missouri River aad Chicago.
The
The Most Lav.erloas Tra«n :rs the World.
Electric lighted Throughout. |
Buffet-smoking car', vith barber i
and bath. Booid^efi Library, din- !
Ing cars, s'azvip.rd and comp?rtn:e.-»t j
sleeping cars and observation cart, j
Less than three days San Frarc'sco s »
j to Chicago daily without change, via j
Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & Northwestern Kys. |
*L«aV<i fen Francisco da!!y at 10 a. rr..
Two ether trains dally at 9 a. ta. *r\C
r. i-. m. l
Foi tirketj. rirep'.r.z car rescrvktior.s and i
full information app!y to agents Southern
Paciric Co., or
R. R. RITCHIE,
. Gener»! Afiat CM:aju .i >.Vrti- Western Rallwty. j
6 : 7 lUriit Strstt. <
SAN FRAXCISCO, CAL.
CALirORNiiX I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO g
LEAVES DAILY |
*t 9:110 a. m, through la H dayi, i •
with diner aad all trapping*. §
; Otlier Saata Tm Train «|
r A : oX *' ""I foe Stocktnn. Freano. Bakcrrtteld. j
. 0:30 a. m. f M*rc«d. Hanford and Viaalia.
e : W d. rn. j _¦ > ;
4:00 d. m. for Stockton. i
S:OU p. ro. for Kanaa* City. Grand Canyon and j
Chlcaso. j
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St^ »al J
: 7erry Depot, S. 7. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oaklaad, Cai. 07 Souta rirat St n
: San Jose.
( CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
| MK FRANCISCO Mj HUHTH PACIFIC
[ BAILWAY COMPAmr.
' Tiburoa rorry. Toot of Market Stre*'.
sa» raAKCisco to sax baiael.
WEEK DAYS- «:30, 0:W>. ll:uua. m.; 12:a*.
S:30, 0:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:00 and 11:30 p. ro. j
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
0:30, 6:00. «:20. 11:30 p. ro.
SAW QAFASL TO SAN TKANOISCO.
WEEK DAYS— C:05. 7 :3S. 7:5O. t»:lU 11:13
a m. : 12:10. 3:40. 6:00. Br.'O p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:i>5 and C:35 p. m. |
SUNDAYS — 8:0O. 9:40. 11:15 a, m.; l:40t
8:40. 4:55. 6:C5. 6:25 p. ra.
" Leave j In Effect j Arrtv*
San rrancigeo-l Btpt. 27. 1903. [San Frtnclico.
Week I Sun- I Deitlna- I Sun- I Week
Dayt. I days. | tloo. | day*. | Day*.
7:30 a 8:00 a ¦• »:10* 8:40 a
9:30 a Icnaelo. I0:40al0:2oa
8:30p i:SOp «:oa p «:20p
5:10 p 5:00 p . . 7:35 p
7:20 a ~ I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
8:00 a Xovato, |10:40 «|10:2t> a
3:30 p 9:i0a Petaluma 6:05 p <:20p
5:10p 8:3Op anil. 7:33 p
S:00p Santa Rcsa-
7 -JO a '' 10:40 a 10:2i> a
8:00 a Fulton.' 7:35 p t:20p
3:30 p 3:80 p -
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 4 10:30 a
Lytton. - ;
S:30p 3:30p G<>ys#rvllle. 7:35 p 8:20 p J
Cloverdaie. 1
7:30 a 8:00 a . Ropland 10:40 a 19:20 a
8:80 p 3 :S0 p and Ukiah. 7:85 p 6:2[> p
7:3Oa| a:0Oa| , WHUta. t 7^5 p| «:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20a
3:30 pi 3:30 p[ Guernavllle. | 7:35 pj 8:80 p ;
' 7 :30 al 8:00 al - ¦ - gonoma- . lft:10a 8:40*
B:10,p| B:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p 6:20 p
TrUJO a! 8:00 al 110:40 a 10:2o\
3:30 p? 8:30 p[ Sebantopol. |7:3Sp 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae - for San
! Quentin: at Hanta . Rc«a (or White Sulphur
! Sprlne*; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark \V«t
i fcprinRs; at Lytton (or Lytton Springs; at G«y-
' tervllle (or Skagrs Sprinra; at Cloverdale tor
the- Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood;- at
Hopland (or Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KelseyvtUe. Carlsbad Spring*. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah (or Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
D«ll Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. . John , Day* a. Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknells, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvil!*. Orr"s
Hot Spring?. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brtgf.
Westport. Vsal; at Wlllits for Fort Brag*.
\\>*tport. Sherwood, Cahto, Covtlo. Layton-
vtlle. Cummipgs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. GarberviUe. Pcpperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip ticket* at r«-
duc«d rites. ,
On Sunday rcund-tiip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
, • Ticket - offices."' 630 Market street. ChronlcU
- building.
! H. C. WHITING, H. X. RTAN.
j Gen. Manager. Gen. Pa«a Agt.
WeeMy Call $1.00 wM
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lUlOLKS"
Should know that perfect diges-
tion and assimilation of the food
is the first. essential to the putting
on of solid flesh. Persons who
have a weak stomach and suffer
from Dyspepsia, Indigestion and
Constipation are always thin, be-
cause they fail to derive proper
nourishment from their food. Try
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters at
once. It will strengthen the stom-
ach, perfect digestion and- build
up firm, solid flesh. It never fails.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
TURPINJ,
1 ARROW COLLAR 1
|1 10 CENTS, 2 FOR 25 CCNTS ||
|§ CLUETT, PEABODY A CO. If
HI KAKEM OF CU1CTT AMO MONARCH IHI»T1 H
» HHHBB0BEfl8B8BHHBBHBBHEBBB^BBHBB9iTHE- .SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY; MARCH 3, 1901.
12
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT A N D^TA^^sT^H^oTs^Tor^men" and
working boys; instruction from the fifth
grade to preparation for the university; day
school of interest to all men; business meth-
ods a specialty; personal attention given;'
thirty Instructors: private coaching; night
law school; instructors fxom; University of
California and Stanford University; indus-
trial classes; men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant.- boil-
ers, dynamos, engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal engineering, assaying; students have all
othjr privileges of the association if desired;
International certificates given to students
completing the courses and passing the, exam-'
lnatlons; young men, strangers coming to the
city directed to good homes; association .em-
ployment agency for all graduates of our
school; the beneficial Influence of a great
moral Institution; our work is indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men of
the city; our educational work accredited by.
more than 115 universities and colleges In the
United States; mechanical, freehand draw-
ing; nnval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties: advantages over
other schools, tuition less. Instruction .supe-
rior; we are not In business to make money.
but "to make men": especially advantageous
¦ to young men coming from the. Interior. Call'
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's - Christian ' ; Association Institute "of
Practical Education for Men and-Boys, H.-J;
!. McCoy. General Secretary/ San "Francisco.
-Address all " communications to ,,LE
: BURNS SMITH. Educational. Director."
-WRITE to California Business for In-
formation concerning February -- club ' di»-:
count;' on moving .into our new and ; elegant
building wo want 800 students; come, and'
Join the great school of .the \West:, 75-page
catalogue. 601-825 Golden Gate ave.. '
THE Lyceum. 1 an accredited preparatory school
.for the university, law and medical college*;
r*f. President Jordan or any Stanford profea-
, sor; day and evening •session.',: Phelan- bMg.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.^
.; F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand. . touch ..typing,
.-¦ language?, telegraphy. English branches; day
; . and night sessions; illustrated' catalogue free.'
SOCIAL dances Wed.'. ¦ Thurs.', Sat'.: and Sun.;
classes . Mondays, Frtfljiys. •'. • Fosterfs
School of "l>ancin.T, 1556 .Market, ;. nr. Larkin.
MITCHELL & CO Phone Jessie 29S1
1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-flodr 'houre; rent
$40; sell or .exchange; price $650.
65 rooms; downtown house: steady; transient;
clearing $3f.O monthly; handsomely furnished.
26 rms.; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well appointed housekeeping
suites; landlady must sell;, make offer.
MITCHELL _ CO.. 1206 Market st.
18 ROOMS rent $70; long lease; furnished new;
clears $60. Call at 856 Ellis et. •
54-ROOM corner house; Sixth, near Market;
house always full; must sell. Dox 2116, Call.
EDDY, 518— An upper flat'of 8rooms; eunny
all dey; veil furnished; a bargain.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of .advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. '.• t
CAKP—T BKAT1XG A.NDCLEA.M.XIi.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
• on floor, without removal; price moderate.
' S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building., Phone. Main 5237. •'
WHEN you become disgusted with* your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, U55-357 Tehama et.jitel. South 40.
DHL MONTE,' M7 Hayes st. ; phone' Page 638-^-
Carpets renovated, on the floor; also beating.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, -1809 Har-;
rlson St.; Al cleaning; ; 3c. ; Tel. 'Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet. beating; mat-
. tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.-
: ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.," carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable.*" 1703 Harrison 6t. ; tel." Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S : Superior: Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden '.Gate ave.; telephone East 26.
jLOPGHVO-HOUSES FOB SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters tor rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
SO rooms; corner; rent only $600; best down-
town house in city; electric elevator; well fur-
nished: guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 p«r
month; books open for inspection; everything
in first-class shape; on account other business.
7- room flat; rent 540; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness ; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel: beautiful furnishings; clear-
Ing $000 per month: every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
ICC rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $360 to $400 per
month; going East.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished: oak
furniture; Axminster carpets; beautiful flat.
102 rocms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
15 rooms; rent $83; well furnished; all new;
$C0O down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
126 rooms; rent only $4 i>er room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 .to $500 per
month: one of the best buys In the city.
S-rocm upper fiat; corner: all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; brussels car-
pets: clears $50; $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $S00.
9-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
00 rooms; part offices: elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment*
house: luxuriously furnished; 5- year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $4CO to <i>GCC per month: obliged to leave
city.
30 rocms; rent $9a; fine location; all on 2
floors: 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
11 rooms; rer.t $40; close In: oak. cherry fur-
niture: Brussels carpets: clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; 5700.
46 rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market: fine bar, well stocked; brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; cart cksh, balance time; price $2500:
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
25 rooms: rent $140; hot and cold water; part
houeekieplng; nil full; clears $150 per month;
well furnished; leaving city; gift; $1200.
T»0 rooms; new: modern apartment-house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $230 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
71 rooms; eiegant, new, modern building: in
one of th« best cities in Southern California;
electric llghtc: hot and cold water; everything
up to .late; 5t-year lease; rent only $200: clear-
ing $'.T.O to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
2.1 rooms: well furnished: first-class tran-
sifnt house: 2 blocks off Market; 5-year leass;
clearing over jslOO: good buy for some one.
."5 rooms; rent only $150: close in; thorough-
ly renovated, P'lt In first-class condition: can
be run transient If desired; clears now $is*
per month; part cash, balance time; good
money-maker.
14 rooms ; cheap rfnt: furnished In oak; Ax-
minster nr.d Brussels carpet?: -new; half cash,
balance Ions time; make offer; departure.
31 rooms: rent $110; a!l light rooms: clear-
ing ov»r $100 per mo.; regular snap: only $sO'J
to get in; must leave city at once; price J13C0.
i 21 rooms, well furnished; fine little down-
j town trnr.pirnt hou.«p; clearing $100 per month;
obliged to leave the city; $1700.
j 20 rooms: ch*ap rer.t; oak ar.d cherry furni-
ture: Moquet carpet*: gooil lease: clearing $1^5
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rcoms; rer.t only $75: Ellis: oak furni-
ture; -.jooJ carpets; clears SCO; leaves 3 rooms
ff.r lan^'.icly: fno opportunity to get good hous«
reasonable.
MARION GRIFFIN,
40T, Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern nu^inrss methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black 3i;o7. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-dat..- title abstract free with every sale.
We do business etrlctly according to law. -
SPECIAL XO. 1.
CORNER flat. 8 rooms; rent $30; 5 rooms
rented for $52; splendid bathroom: new porce-
lain bathtub; price enly $450; $150 down.
SPECIAL NO. ih
ELEGANT, new, modern downtown house
of 50 rooms; t-ot and cold water; electric ele-
vator; stfam heat: In snlendld neighborhood;
the furnishincs are of the best, consisting of
oak, enameled iron and brass beds, Brussels
and Axminlster carpets and elegant hangings;
lease for .S years: clears $400 a month; suit-
able term*.
— — — — _____ __
rtCST furnished :;o-rcom hous» in this city.
nEST laid-out :i0-rcom house in this city.
NEW building; central; :i-year lease.
HOUSE now clears about 5200 month.
SPECIALS NOS. « AND 1. ~~~
21 room* for saie because of family troubles;
worth $1SOO; will sell for $i;!00; low rent:
clears 575 month, which -can be zreatly in-
crrased; roomers all mechanics, good, honest
people; mortgage <?!>0C) may remain.
SPECIALS NOS. S AND 9. ~-
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE if you act quickly.
NEW, MODERN house of 45 rooms.
NEAV FURNITURE. In good location.
LEASE for 5 years nt a low rental. '
ROOMING-HOUSE full of nice people.
ALL you need to pay down is $1200.
NO. «. .
NOW Is your opportunity (If taken advantage
of »t ojic?) to purchase one of the finest 100-
room acartment-houses in Han Francisco; the
price Is nominal for such a house; exception-
ally wel! located; beautifully furnished
throughout; long lease at $5 per room; the
very b.st bargain, which' we will prove to you
if you will imestigate.
SPECIAL NO. 10. •
20 ROOMS. |B5O; rent $10; electric lights in
all rooms; lea«p if iloplred; north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 40ti, Hearst bldg.
SPECIAL NO. 11.
12 ROOMS. NE. CORNER, north of Market;
rent $40; tine location; 1) rooms nicely, fur-
nished ar.d ;; rooms rented unfurnished: price
cut to $500, i', cash. -
MARION OUIFKIN, rm. 406, Examiner bldg.
SPECIAL NO. 15.
275 PER MONTH . Income over rent; large
house: central: price 13500? H cash and little
mcr.thiy It stallments; .furnishings In good or-
der; it's A No 1 for you If you have $175O In
cash.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 4(Ki. Examiner bldg.
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 708
1020 Mnrket St.. opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered
Clear titles. Reliable dealings. Easy terms.
20 rooms; me-chanics" house; rent $40. :. .$575
t'O rooms; trade for ranch; clears $350'
14 room?: rent $30: amazing low price. .$350
:U looms: rent SCO; just think $1550
2-t rooms; rent $'<5; one floor ..$1100
tj rooms: rent $20; a pick-up ..!.$130
20 Vooms; clears $80; rent $40 $$50
4<> room*?; mechanics' house: rent $60... $1000
16 rooms; rent $50;, clears $63; terms... $fk50
31 room?: sunny corner; rent *55 $1ti0<>
VZ rooms; California st. ;' rent $50; snap. $750
lo rooms: Geary et.: clears $40; rent $28. $500
15 rooms; •> unfurnished: rent $45.. $425
V,7> rooms; transient; lease. .....-.;..... .jifino
s roomp; Pclk st. ; rent ; $32 ; A only. '.S^SO
_12 room?: Polk st. ; , partially "furnished. $450
MODERN transient house; CO rooms; rt,own-
tr.wn: elegantly furnished; liquor license;
long lease; money-maker. See HINKLEY.
SWELL APARTMENT HOUSE— 220 rooms-
crand . entrance; . elegantly furnished, by
'Woane: wiir.scl! whole or one-half ¦ interest
Spp my agrnt. HINKLEY. 1020 Market et. '
A — $lfX>0: house of 30 rooms. 37 beds; rent $100,
lease ef 4 years: poo<1 furniture: room* always
«ccupl*€l. Pee R./5.-W1LKIE. 21!^, Kearny SL
HOUSE — 1.1 ronns; a It ; full ;: one of ; best res"u:
df nee. streets of city: sacrifice en account of
Klrkneps; no assnta. : Box 2413, Call office."
TO let— Fine looming-houee. 160 rooms, unfur-~
nfshed;: rpleridld location;^ cheap rent to'de-
t-liehle tenant. ne,x 2243. Call. , ' ;
PN A P— I.ds!Tig-houB~. • ¦ 100 = rooms; : furniture
n<.w; this week only, at 24 Turk st.'
-OH2T D. SPEECKELS, Proprietor.
' T^rcsTccaiiZEicatscas lo I05S McNAUGHT, Macgger
k\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
• TELEPHONE.
Afk fcr TKE CALL. The Operator "Will Con-
nect Tou Wtth the Department You Wlsn.
rubliratlon Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 . Stevenson st.
b'l.'verfd 1 by Carriers. 20 Cts. Ter Week. 70
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents
Tern:* by Mail. Including Tostase iCath W ltn
Order) : _,
•DJUI.Y CALL <includ. Sunday). 1 year... $S 00
DAILT CALL (Includ. Sunday). 6 mos 4_W
DAIUT CALL-Bv Single Month vjf«
FVNDAT CALL 1 Tear 2.K>
VrKOfXT CALL. 1 Tear r. 1 ; 00
FOEEIGV f Daily... $8. SO Fer Tear fcxtr*
PC^Tirr \ Sunday. 4.15 Tor Year Extra
tcsTAOE. \ w , ekly . j oo P«r Year Extra
' AI-L rOSTJIASTEKS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
t«nrpie Copies Trill be forwarded when r»-
querted.
Mall eubeerlbers In ordering char.*" of aa-
trtts rhcUid be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
• uefct,
OAKLAND OFFICE.
XI IS Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
SMS Onter Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT^
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS?
vr*;(iorf-AMor:a Hotel; A. Bretino. 81
rnlor. Square; Murray Hill Hotel: Flrtn-ave-
*» Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhrrman House; P O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; T»exn'ont House; Auditorium
Hou!. Paltser House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Bulldln*
CLone DiEtaace Telephone. '"Central 261».">
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 80 Tribune BuiMln«
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald S<juar»
BUSINESS OFFICE: of The San yrandeco
- Co!l. corner Market and Third etreeta; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JW'S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
Jl p. ra.
t2~ Montgomery etreet comer Clay; open u»-
. til 9:30 p. a.
BOO Hayee etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CK> MrAllister street; orjen until 9:30 p. m.
<"35 Larkin Ftre<"t; oren until 9:30 p. m.
.J941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
"2CI Market etreet cos-ner Sixteenth; open u»-
til 9 r. ra.
JOF. Eleventh ctreet; open or.til 9 p. m.
K.-TC Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
North«a*t corner Church and Duncan etreeU:
-cren until 9 p. m.
Ncr-.hweft ccrr.er cf Twenty -second and Ken-
tuclry Ftreet?; open until 3 p. m.
. ¦ HEKTUU :»OTICKS.
CALIFORNIA Ledge No. L F. and A. «
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) V\f
EVENING at T::;ft u'c!ock; state /V\
. rr.«>t:r-fr. FRA-xKLIN 1L DAY, Sec.
ri PKLITY Lodpe No. 120, F. and A. M. Z
— Ptaf>d meeting TJIIS <THl"R5DAY)VV
.. EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By order^^\
•of t;. e W. M. fvT:- ,
FREDERICK BAB&Y. Secretary.
FUNERAL notice— Fidelity Lo4?«> No O
.- 129. F. and A. M. : Officers ar.d mein-'VVf
¦tiers ar» reqoctted to assemble at Ma- /VS
Rtaie Temple on FRIDAY, 4th inst.,
»t &:30 a. m..- for the purpose of conducting
• the funeral ceremonies of our late brother,
. SAMUEL BADEN. Services wtt] ho held at
. !ate rt-iidence of dectased !C2S Steinr-r st.,
¦ at 10:^0 a. rn. By ord^r of the W. M.
_. FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
LORIC Lodee No. 210. F. an«l A. M.^ <^
.Stated meeting and third degree TlllS'>f^f
fTJIURSDAY) EVENING at T:aj/V\
o'clock. By order of the Master.
. 3^ H. GOLDSMITH, Secretarj-.
ETARR KING Lodsc No. 3H, F. &z& ®
A. M., 31T Dtvisadero Ft. — gtated>fV'
netting THIS EVENING at 7::J(J/"V\
o'cicck. A. A. ANDERSON, Sec.
•ANNUAL MEETING— Paauhau Sugar Plaata-
- t:cn Company — The rt-guiar annual meeting
: «f the stockholders of the Paauhau Sugar
¦¦ Plantation Ccmracy will he held at th<»
• cfCce cf the corar-ary. 3C7 Market street]
loem 4. second Tocr, tti the city ar.d couatv
of i^an Francisco. Htat« of California, ok
6ATLT.DAY. the 5th day of March a! D
' I»0*. a.t the hour of 11 o'clock a. m for
the purpose of electing a Board cf Director'
to serve for the rgyotng year and for tp e
trar.Eaction of such ether uusir.ets as ma-
trcperly cc.-r.e before the rcettiEg. Trans:er
bocks will clcse on TUESDAY. February il
19C4. at the hour of 'J o'clock n m
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Taauhau Eugar
Fr^sct P " y - "' 7 3rket '*•• *™
AGENTS WAXTm
/.GENTS--An agtacy for a prcpT^iti^rtnaT^
•• a decided, improverr.en- on bulldins and loan
I. worth havir.f. O^t wS^ "j.roxe
mer.t Romany. Perrctt hullJing.
__^ A-BVjE3TrsrE3CEirT XTTlTTTZtol
HAVING rtcinUy acquired "through'Xxcha'n'-e
of property th.— «u tchoJarrhiiR in lht best
ColteE* of Advertising in the United States
\ .?'' t ..' m at ** P r ' r ccn ' discount for
cash; the college teaches ad%erti^mrnt writ-
ing by crrrefj.onaenc and awMj its B rad-
V ?'w^ *° Ee(ur '* POrttlmw: <ataloja!^s fur-
niyhPil en err-licatlon. Addrrry box 302fi. Call.
W. IL BlTTXEfC ~" ~
ATTORNET AND COUNSELOR AT LAW
'-..-_, Advice Free. Phone South 74.J.
Fuite 322. Eir.ma Spreckels Bulld'or
P!viT^ B quietly OC d legally obtained' for
eijht cautcs; damages secured for injuries to
r-erfon or estate; replevins for property us-
.;.iv!u.Iy detained: attachments and garnish-
rr.crts ,or debtff; bcnd« furnisheci; bankruptcy
lrc.ee, rings; wills probated; eytate* tettled
co-.tx-tiens made in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee^
r ""«- "S!»S2V?SS: no pa >' in advance.
< T . G , xv -, HOWE. ATTOF.NE.Y-AT-LA W.
I,ttaMi»hed 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5 l«t ft
..m."2 Market rt.. befween Mason and Taylor*
ACvin- !ree all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg I
Cth f.»cr, entrance room 611; ostablished SO!
yeat^; all ca^s. general court and orfic prac-
tice; no tee in advance or for consultation-
yvcr.irgs by appointment. Tel. Ti°A S06L
"C^ F. rLARK. 027 Market .t.; consultation
fre*: no fees In gilvance; o>jen fvenings.
DIVORCE— CortF. JI2: quick, quiet; advice
fr*e: <pen evenings. 0?7 Market Ft., rrn. .".01.
A. CAMERON & CO... Phon^~ South ~105o
3 K&iy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for al! kinds of business chances.
O>xt»>r ar.d chophouses . .'. $350 to $1000
Candy ar.d ice cream parlors. ..?2iK) to Si'xxj
Barber shops $5(Xi to JU.Vk)
Cigar stands to J'-'ikkI
Orocf^ies and bars J.VJO to ? jiwo
t-a.oons J3U,, lo |u».O<J0
Kestaurants $3^, t t<) (20.000
I-ruit ana vegetable etores fcJOU to $lw(>
• Drur Btores &<m to Wkh>
¦ tll S al ' ls 'f a Ftorrt! *-*«> to u:<m
Wood and coal yards s^J to$loop
rOR. Eale— Beautiful mountain reBort. lent, than
minutes* ride from depot of best int«n.r
VIZ r l " tst ' : l ?" than * houre- ride Troni
•k t r ?.'i ?° l M acres lan<1 : 36-room furn.
hotel, ftith barns, *hfds. etc.; 3 years' lease-
can get longer; rental $500 p<r year; horses.'
tlrT 1 ; ief ; i fn CO * f:; , bar w<>n "O u "pp«": billiard
tabJe, Piano; laises own fruit, vegetables
hay, chickens, rtc; big money to be m-do-
YL\ ce 1 "^o^nt death. CAMERON &
for r mg-house or buslne^s.^Cameroa. 3 Eddy.'
*^JR tale— V.V11 Jocatcd ca ndy~slore ; TiT^uTir
S£^l'tb£S%E °**Z « nd '^: rs'tablishVd S
>«-*i-. rlears mer f200 per month: will in-
_. vont about S12On. CAMERO.V. 3 Eddy »t
FOR cale-One or the best restaurants in clty^
jh'ar, rent; receipts $7^ to ?100 dav; wll "
&To PI1Ca $15<Xt -
r h?^"' ° r Wl *™^w"«n«" ranch-Fin"
AtrmMOBILE-Partner wanted; Join adver"-
ti«r in openine rtowroom. rtorage .Sd "-
pair depct; have finest apenclee; want parti
!)«-. mechanical, ability, able d^vot* ,«",
Umr; mu?t also invest $2.VX> cash, be "u!»hJ | n
Sf« r Ti,* =qUiil lnvpst '"ent upon adv^rtl^rs
P*r*. trin^r. need not apply. Boj; ZIZS. Can.
BCSCTESS CHANCES— Con tinned.
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $9 60 per day; ex-
penses about $5 per day; will sell or trade
for lodging-house. See R. G. WILKE. 26^4
Kearny Et.
A— 912C0; COFFEE saloon and bakery in choic-
est location; rent $S0; dally receipts about
$70; a good business, but 6lckne£S of owner
compels him to retire. Particular* R. G.
_ WILKE. 26% K;arny st '. ¦
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Market
and Stockton sts.; rent 975; a splendid loca-
tion and rare business chance. See R. ¦ G.
WILKE. 2ti% Kearny et. ¦
A — $T2Z0; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.;
no opposition; in thriving country town about
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars Eee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay, w^th lot 50x100;
house cf 4 rooms. 2 Ftories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price J.'ititK); not all cash required: a
rood butineEs. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. "
A— $4000; CORNER faloon. with lease; largo
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest Investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny Bt.
A — 93000: GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment In Oakland: close to theaters;
rent $70 and a first-class paying business;
other Investments only cause of eale. 6e«
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearry st.
A— $1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4% barrels
per day; daily eales $45; living roome. Call
Tt. G. WILKE. 2G% Kearny st.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts. ;
large *tbck; clears at least 925O per month;
full value in sight: a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 20% Kearny Et. <
A— $500; BRANCH lialcery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Et. /
A— $22O0; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vlclriity Fourth st.. Market and Stockton;
place epeaks fcr itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur-
nished rooni6; 5 years' lease; rent $G5; a
business wberc man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A — SSOOO; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
tt. ; rent $40; lease; 3 horses. 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WiLKE, 2ti% Kearny st.
A— $100 REWARD
will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who Invested
eny money In our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COUPANT.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. $50, GOO.
5127 Market Ft.; rooms 321, .122, 023, 324.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; riohly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
lnir-rootn with K> tables and Imported Vienna
chair?: the best carpet? money can buy
throughout: finest linen and b?st silver ser-
vice; 10 year?' !c3se: $10,000; eary tenis.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market ft.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash ar.d services secure interest and
<fflce of treasurer in an inroi porat<?d realty
ar.d investment company; $150 montmy as-
sured: hichest refer«-nces >
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— 2 PBR CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-qnkk" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. U27 M-irk't st.
THK BEST INVESTMENT.
10O shares of sold stook of the Norton Bay
Co. S2S: will be worth Sl'OO by August. 1004.
j CIT.MANIA INVEST. CO.. ')27 Markit ft.
THE M UTUAlT INVESTMENT CO..
467 PARROTT BUILDING.
The following are a few of our bargains
'.hat must po:
Kl^cant new roominp-hoL'ff, 6 floors. .$15,000
T*ine saloon and cisar stand 1.4C0
Swell saloon and fixtures 7S0
Centra! ci£ar stand <i00
Toa store— « snap 9Wt
Ladies' tailoring, good traiie l.WX)
Camij- factory — money maker 2.200
Grocery — Rood business 1.T.C0
Ma mage Viaths. cheap *. 600
THE MUTUAL INVESTMENT CO.,
«5 MARKET ETHEET.
PACIFIC nr.ALTY COMPANY. 200 Kfarny st..
room I; several fine tmslnesi chances to offer:
Car.1v Ttore; bi<j stock; well patronized: price.
?650; rer.t $30: b:;?;,'e::t bargain ever offered.
Corner cigar stend; rent (25; price, $175.
Corner cipar stand: bis- trai!^: price. S13C0.
Branch bakery; daily receipts S10: price. S200.
Delicacy store: rent $20: bargain: price, $2CA
Restaurant and chophouse: bargain; price, $700.
Partner to attend counter ar.d take cash in :
restaurant ;trr ; all capital required; fine chance.
Ronmins-house; Market st. ; fine location;
clcara $!50 mo.; lens leas^: CO rra.; elegant
carpets and furniture: price reduced to S2.;C0.
A TRY KRI--.no & CO A
7<V> MARKET ST. SUCCESSFUL AGENTS
A— $::oO; ooriNEU cl?ar stand, transfer point.
$17."; wood, coal and e-xpressing business.
$400; B. bakery, books, notions, etc.
(lOOO: restaurant ar.rf delicatessen.
S7DO; salocn; sickness cause sucr'fice.
S3000; roadhouse; Butte Co.; realty included.
A— SCCO"; PAYING fruit stand"; Yash~busfness ;
fine location: receipts $20 daily; hcrse,
Tvasoii. fixtures. KKEDO &. CO.. 705 Market.
WE are establishing a department store In
Los Angeles, located in the center of the
int-Iiiscnt middle classes, mechanics and la-
boring pocplc. and willing to negotiate with
merchants desirins to takfl s-pace; rare, op-
po-tun.ty for dry Roods, notions, clothing.
fhoes. rlilna and crockery, cloaks and suits,
•stationery, carpets and drapery. CALIFOR-
NIA GENERAL MERCANTILE COlll'AXV,
222 Frr.nklin st.. I>os Angeles. Cal.
A DELICACT and branch bakery; one of the
best proposition! In the city; cstalilif=h<»<i
f<v:r >fars; 4' furnished living rooms- only
< $5C0A8KIRM,*0 Eddy st., room 72.
HA RBER.S, attention! Fine downtown chop, 4
chairy; Al btMUMsa; only $3(.tJ; 10 others.
SKinM. « Eddy St.. room 72-
KINK Erocerj' and bar, corner north of Market
long lease, lew rent, $2500. part cash; corner
paloon. on water front. $1100; payins brewery
business. ?2r>00. or will Fell part; paying
bosJaeasea of ail kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for sale and exchance. EITEL. &
CARROLL, 513 Kearny ft.
WANTED — A partner with $.".00 'n a manufacT
tcrins business; articles cf everyday use-
same trade supplied each day; the profits
are ICO p«r cent, but it requires two per-
*ons to run the business. Address box "SSO
Call office.
HATCH chickens by ttcam: there is bis,- money
in it; fwend 4c for my incubator and poultry-
houw book. Address \V. R. DEAN i)'".i East
Twenty-fifth st., 1/os Angclep.
ADVERTISEMENTS WRITTEN. clreula-s
public.' noUoe*. ijamphlet:; prepared; consult
R. J. ECHIRMAN, expert ad. writer room
720. Emma Spreckels building.
$.r<0— PARTNER: miin and wife or two ladle*
to take half Interest in a send paying tem-
prxnee refrcs-hnitnt parlor; Rpdwo<Ki drove
45 n.inutOF Siorn S. V. Box 2108. Call office!
BUSINESS preposition: will bear in\tftls;atlon-
SCOO can cksr S1.V» monthly; nee this at once
J. K. TETLOW^CT Market kt.. room 14.
DELICATESSEN'^ rtorelaeari Pa»*,1 fa fat good
bUrines<s location: "llvins rnom;; rent $27 f.O-
will sell for $S50. nix 2S52. Call office.
GROCERY nnd litjuon" In Western AddUion for
rale, reasonable; stock in first-class shape
Hox 2<»ft. «;all orfi'-e.
55nr»— KOH kuIo — Downtown lunch place- can
KatiS p-r>.>n*. Aii.ly KORNERIS. li;th"fl>or
Call building, bn. 11 and 12.
A-_$X,f^pAJJTN]:n : lake cash: cigar stand:
fi.*> 'no::th Kuarar.tee. ;^t llascfl Ft.
FOR sale— ("hrap: blaeksnlth Viop. doing eood
_busjnesj5.^CcrTit-r Ff}1 and Cough Bts.
oextl;:man vnmt.i-nuy « cbiropodictVpar-
l-r. Hox«:il, Call offlci-. •
GROCEP.T and bar for Eale chca P 7~"3l27
Hachatmn tt. '"i
A, GOOD pinint!cn for « man with eome cash
gocd security. J5ox 2127. fsjll fffice.
WILL, buy a send Imrin^r.. TheJ!^ frTTa^h"
have you? Jlox 2I2S, Call office.
FOR pal-— Chrphruse; fSCO; p^tt'cashV 1 ' balance
° n p g^y trims. HoxJUStJ. Call ofiice.
SHOE rrj.itirlns Jli'P for sale; cheap ni
Albion ,\ve.
NKWS »*tani1. mtMttOtttxy unrt :-.oti.(>n store; fine
location; doing soo<1 business. Ilex 23r>«,:Call
SALOON foe --ale on n.rouiH rt sickness" of
:¦ prcprietor.' res* Sixtefr.ili vt. . .
WANTEIV-A fPl<v>,, | n K( , o <i 7ors::o;i7 «:nte
ukrd.: Hox 1OCT>, <;a!l offlce.
FOR SALS— Grocery and h»r In >Ii«6lon; good
bar trad*-; tsnoJ i-oin»=r. , ITos '-ZQ1. Csl!.
NEWSPAPER toute in SanVrrkncJBiAlpaj^nl
$!-.'> a mcr.ti). H«<ini in. 2.»5 Ktarny st»
FOR Ff.ie— Ccn-.i-iieip djelns an<1 cleanlni:
»orkf. BoxCM 1. Call !
WANTKli-A ,t<k1 «!e- I -. J n~J.^r^~27N, Km |
ma f».j.l.-i.. Utt., !>-.';, Mi.iiK't hi. • j
S PIRITPAUSM.
ilME. PHILLIPS— Clairvoyant; card re&aer/ao
and 50c; future revealed; sat. guar.: hrs.. iu-s
dally except Sat. »J3_^axktt at., suite Sl-~
MP.S. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business merUum: readings <» a " y > *i : Q f
veloplng clasa Thursday 8 p. m- 5OS Eddy at.
C V MILLER'S matPrtalizlug eeance to-night
at 8 o'clock; 11. 10S4 Bush st.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit message! to-
night, 10c. 618 McAllister st. ; readings dally.
MRS. LESTER, 063 Mission; life reader, busl-
nesa medium ; read, daily; cir. to-night. 10c
EH ISE BRAUJ*. renowned psychic. M > " a^ In ?, a
demonstrate my wonderful powers. Sett t»usn.
EDWARD EARLE. 1033 ElUs. readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Tharaday.
PROF. FRED EVAN'S, noted clairvoyant *rul
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy St. Phone Scott 8S>.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
. I
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR,
The Famous
PALMIST AXD CLAIRVOYANT.
Special Reduction for Three Days.
50 cents— His $3 Readlnf for— SO ceat*
Free Test? Free Test! Free Te«t!
A Free Test to All Who Ccm» Prepared to
Have a Readinjr.
"without asking a question he tells you your
name, your mother's maiden name, the nan*
of th« one you love, tells you your ag» and
what you called for, without asking a »mgl»
question.
THERE IS NO AFFAIR of importance—
| past, present or futur«! — but what Professor
; Victor' s occult eye can plainly reveal. Ha
will point out the way that will lead to suc-
cess In business, speculations. Investments,
love, courtship, matrimony, divorce or any-
thing you may be In trouble about.
Unlike impostors and pretender*. Professor
Victor takes no money In advance and posi-
tively refuses to accept any fee if you are not
entirely satisfied. All business strictly con-
fidential. Hours from 9 a. m. to 8 p. ra. dally
and Sunday. 7CO Post st.
i ;
A GREAT"! CUT , IN PRICES.
Call at once and s*v# $4.
His former S3 readings this week for
51. $1. SI. $1. 91. Jl. $1. $1. 91. SI-
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the information for which
Tfou consult him.
(Tcu to bo full Judse.)
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairyovant and
Palmist ev«r In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
• I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantea
to make no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom.
Ise to tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you caa tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful in life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and burled treasures and insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 2 to 6.
326 — O'Farrell st. — 328.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
60c 50c * 50c 50o
My $3 readings this week for 50c
Sh* reads your life correctly, glres an ac-
curate description of the past, present and fu-
ture. If in trouble consult her and you will
be told how to overcome them; gives valuabla
advice In all affairs in life.
PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
50c 50c 3f\: 30c
17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
ISMAH. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail aa satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. SI:
full life. il>: send lock of hair, date of year
cf birth; don't send currency; send postofflce.
Wells-Fareo money order or registered letter.
mrs. e. m. sanders! ~~
Palmist and p»rcJ»ie; advice on business;
teacher of mental suggestion and the new
thought. 1000 Sutter st. Phone 2363 Polk.
Evenings and Sundays by appointments.
THE only original Roman Gypsies in th» city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums; we h'ave given reedlngs to 10.000
people in Ean Francisco since our arrival;
they ar^ satisfied, so will you be. 2S3 Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. A palm.;
I correctly treat your lovo affairs, domestic
trouble, bu*. and financial success; names;
L.. 5(V; G.. II. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MISS M. W1LLK. crystal seer, life readsr;
without asking a question reads your entire
life; special. $1 this week only. 480 Geary.
Mr.3. A. H. KROXENBrRO. palmist, dalrl
voyant. card reader: when others fail try me;
good readings 10c. "21 Franklin. nr.G.O. avet
A — Mse. Kavenna reads life; business advice;
names given: 2."c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
OLDEST latty pn!mist and card reader In city.
26*-i Kearny, room 20; ladies. 25c; gents. 50c.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant. 017 Market, rocms
11-12; gives dates, name*, facts; hours 11-J).-
MRS» BFvOV/X. clairvoyant, card r«ader. re-
moved frcm 132 fith to 23 'i 6th: 1. 23c. g. 50c.
MME. LE FEP.N. card reader, of 109 Fifth
St.. has removed to. IIS Ninth rt.
MRS. . BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 44S% J?fata st.. bet. 5th and ftth.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 5380.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TO let — (-room cottaire; large yard. 214 Col-
llngwocd St.. bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
FURNISHED cottage to let; 3 rooms and bath.
114 Hawthorne St.. near Folsom.
DEVHSTS.
DR. MURPHY. 504-5-6 Caliaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Ba*ford Obtun-
der: the only device ever invented for grtnd-
lns. driMins and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charffe. for extracting when plates are
made; old rlates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set: extracting 50c; gas given. •
A NEW Tlate— The Whalebone— cannot break 7
warranted CO yrs; crown, S.J 50; fillings. 50c-
plates. S3; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago D»ntal Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. H. O. TOttira — Bridses and teeth wlThT
out plates a RD?clalty. 1841 Polk st.
GOLD fillings, 7Ec; silver, 35c: crowns. S2- no
paln;open Sundays. Dr. O.B.He wltt.204 Sutter
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny," cor. Bush
S*t teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;fillings,25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r 14 Is*
floor. Phglan bid.. S06 Market, cor. O'Farrel'l.
'' i; '^i)i!il!ii :i ' D !>KAMSTRES!»E!«
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaitingTdoubia
stamps on dress llnlns*. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsum 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School— •
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class 101ft MVt.
U3i:pl.oyml::st offices.
GET your help at PINE J APANESE~HmPLO??
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co. 13.13
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church ; phone Polk ZWH. '
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135—!
Japanese-Chinese employment office- far- •
nlshes best he'p; contracts for farm help. etc. ¦
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office^ — JaDanea*- '
Chinese help. 42tt Powell st. Tel. Mam 5752. '
CHINESE Employment OfflceZ-Best heln at '
Leon Soung's. 411 H Q'Farrell; tel. East 4^t.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chines*
help. 415, Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of.
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51$.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 vear*"
Tel. Main IOT7. BRADLET & Toc>:, ftVcia?.
KWI'LOYMEXT WAXTBD KEMAJLB.*
EXPERIENCED middle-aged woman woujj
like position as ladies' companion or slict
st Ur8 bcx* a i5 ry P * f month * =3 - 1OOS Markst
NURSE with hospital experience will taks cars E
of invalid, adult or child. \ddress i Ki«?
1834 E11U «t.; phone Geary 1744 Nnr "*«,
WOMAN wishes to take charge, of a nrtJIt*
EDUCATIONAL — Coptlnncd.
ATRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
kef St.: estabUshPd IS, years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free. ':-". -'"-"<
ALAaCER and better school than ever; enter
st once if you d^lre a good position; Gregg
, rhortband ElHs bookkeeping. 3. F. Business
College. 12S6 Market »t.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and ba com-
, petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College. Odd Fellows' bid.";
bookkeeping, rhorthand. touch typing, arlth.,
spelling.' writing, etc.; day eve.: %\ mo. eve.
HHJALD'S 'School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
it.;.S-F. ; a practical school of engineering ;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— avil, elec. min.. mech.. ear-
: vey. . assay, cyanide; day. ev.;est.lSG4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HINMAN'S Academy, * thorough school of
dancing;, established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
bet. Pine «n<l California; classes now open.
SPAXISH.5Vench.*tc. Prof. DeFilippe's Academy
I J of language.820 Post;estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
' taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary at.
GUITAR.- mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
' mandolin club SI per mo. • 82S Halght st.
ESPANOL — Metodo - practlco y progreslvo.
-Rafael Serrano. 630 California, cuarto nm. 4.
SCHOOL. OF ILLUSTRATION Day aad
. PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night c\*aa.
PIANO lessons. '25c half hour. MRS. PECK
experienced; teacher. .1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
'_. :¦.;_.. cttres ycrynres.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market St.; $100; ruptur»
-.cur* for $10; circular explains; send for on*.
AFTER 3 years- of personal experimenting, on
November -15/ 1003. the solution of the prob-
» lem has been solved of how • to cure "5 per
cent of ."ruptures; from the best, authority
.less than lO'per cent has been cured by the
ordinary truss. In the past ICO years.
THE WANT COLUriNS Of THE GAL
HAVE; AS COMPLETE A STOCK OF
SATISFACTION
TRAYS! V TRAYS! ¦;_ TRAYS!
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
USEFUL HOUSEHOLD GIFTS
YOUR CHOICE OF EITHER A TABLE TRAY OR A
BREAD TRAY.
Corinthian Engraved Nickel Tirays— Assorted Designs.
Oval Coristtl^iaia Engraved NS.cJ&el Bread Trays.
OTie above trays are solid nickel-plated white metal with artistically engraved centers, highly pol-
ished and beautifully embossed rims.
This offer remains open Thursday, Friday and until 11 p. m. Saturday
evening, after which hour it will be absolutely impossible to secure oue of
these useful trays. t
OXE OF THESE GIFTS CAN* BE SECURED BY PLACING A
WANT AD. IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, AND IN NO OTHER WAY
CAN ONE BE OBTAINED.
:
— — TELL' YOUR WANTS- — —
& IN NEXT SUNDAYS:- GALL .*
And you will be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising; medium.
It is safe to figure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom are home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of our
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares.
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sun-
day's Call. ' ¦ f :
r — : \ — ; : 1
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the 7©ar.
BRANCH OFFICES: .
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. in.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until »:30 p. m.
' S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
615 Larltin street; open until 9:30 p. m."
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. ,
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. ; • '
109 6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. % .
Northeast corner Church and- Duncan streets; open until 9 p.m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-scconrt and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open ui:.il 9 p. ra. '
'' f..-- - ¦>• ' ' ¦
OAKLAND OFFICE:
111S Broadway .Telephone Main 1033
EERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street ..Telephone North 77
-.'. ~i. .-. . :--¦:¦
- ¦ :;i> ALAMEDA OFFICE: .
Schneider's Book Store .Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1904,
13
.EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS cooks, waitresses, lady clerks
and housework gi-1* wish Bltuaticnr. Leave
I our oroVrs with J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Sutter et. .
A STRONG, neat young Swedish cook wants
»ork In private family In San Rafael or San
. Mateo; «xi-f-tc $'to a mor.tn. MISS PLUN-
KETT. 42J Sutur ft.; telephone Main 5472.
COMPi-TKNT woman, late from the East.
wish-* to do cocking and housework: is neat
and i it an; city or country; carfare expected;
viaee* f^,. Box 2420. Call office. '
A SWEDISH woman wants place as house-
. keeper °r light general housework; wages
$lo to $20; city or country. Call 45u» ISth Et.
WOMAN; faithful worker; wants work by the
day; houseoleaning or washing; $1 35 a day.
Call ht!8 Folsom et.
DKKSSMAKUn de*ires work at home: shirt
¦ waifts, SI up; iiress skirts. ¥1 50 ud; chil-
dren" f dresses $1 up. 10!E! Folsom et. .
COMPETENT woman wishes situation; house-
' work: U a good cook; wages VJ.V 1139 and
I1CI Howard Kt.. near Eighth.
MIDDLE- AGED >voirinn wishes to do light
housowcrk by the month; references. 3601
-Tv.. r.i> -fixth st.
M:aT srirl wishes chamber-work or light
h wc-nork. 704 Folsom st.
A YOUNG girl would like to mind baby and
be useful. Call r.l Natcma «t.
KOUXQ German pii-1 would like a situation to
do uoatair* work. «31 York St., between
• Twenty-first and Twenly-wrond.
RKSPnCTAHLS woman wants a situation,
.cooking *nd housework. In email family; no
' . postals. !4f>7 Soott *t. t
6WKT-IPU tlrl w!sh<>« «ltuation as chamber-
roaid In hotel; experience. Apply 210 Eddy
. ' «.. downstair*.
STRONG German girl, good cook, wants po-
¦eftion for kitchen and housework; Ameri-
ctn family. Address box 2>C9. Call office.
.WOMAN would like to do wanning and clean-
in* by the day. ?t B0. Address 92 Ninth st.
GOOI> cook -wants kitchen work: can give ref-
. trtnees. Address box 281*3. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ad* and subscriptions taken for«The
<"»11 at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
EMPLOYME.ST WAXTED MALE.
EITUATIONS wanted — A laige number of
wootfnWB. mechanics, cocks, V-ierks, garden-
ers and others; lirvt cla?*: leave orders with
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento gt.
A GARDENER, orchardls* ; experienced In any
t ranch: private erounds; iloral. vegetables;
curing or dried fi-utts; vine*; pruning, graft-
ing; tfairy work; ref«>r«-nces. Address J. W\,
»v>x 2 132. fall office.
TOUNG iran wants position in office; has little
knowledge of shorthand and bookkeeping; ro
r\f*riencv. Apply W. SCHMIDT. First and
liarrifon Ets.
MAN wants work on private place; take care
of horses, cows, garden and lawn; wages $.to
lo $X and lound. Box 1000, Call office,
Oakland.
A. TRUSTWORTHY man. 3S. wants position as
ji.ght watewnar; can furnish references. Ad-
• .r>-5-5 J. B., 753 Folsom Et.
SITUATION wanted ar bookkeeper or shipping
• leik; 1*fi of referencrs; English or Gtrrman
>jorres;»or.dence. Box 24£3, Call office.
A PRACTICAL pardoner wit-hes situation on
private vlace; rlngle; reference*. Addrewi
¦(73 Seventh st.. Oakland.
YOUNG mar. would like position around paddle
nor«s; has experience. Box 2421, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS ledger man de^iref position; best
<-f references, box i'42«i. Call office.
H"T CL clerk wishes position day or night,
n.-x :M33. Call.
COACHMAN war.ts situation; understands his
t>u*:nw;s well: pood. careful driver; car*
' ps.r<3en; can ir.ilk; good city and country ref-
tri-ci.es; sober, rttr*^ table. E. £.. New
Western Hotel.
JIAN wants work: house rfeaalajc window
"vsishint. ctryte taken up and relaid. palnt-
l-«r arttttewasblag garden wurk, «-tc. Address
A. PAYNE. Hcvurd Houte. SIS Howard st.
WASTES — By exytrieut-ed yuung florist and
•gardti.cr to take charge ol big place, either
private cr commercial: single; reference*.
Address B. II.. box ~i-}Z, Call office.
SITUATION -wanted — L'arher, first-class young
>. ¦¦.•:...-. Se^ires petition at 1r.0unts.ls resort
lor season l'jf*i: eteady, re:iat<!e; city refer-
ence. Etaiv particulars, nc. Box 2241, Call.
ENGINEER d<Fircs poFition, either stecm,
IfBsoline, electric cr refrigerating. Addrets
box 241U. Call office.
CANADIAN clerk dt-sire* i-osition In first-class
liquor store; <*.pabii- of taking charge: best of
rrfeaeoce*. Appir boa 2S19. Call office.
A. IBCSTWOKTHT man, SS, wants petition
a* n'sfct mtetuaan; can fumli-h references.
Adrtjffs I. U., ZZ-ii Folsoni s-t.
YOT'NG married man. coc-d hal'its, wants po-
i-itiin in Stock Eiohar^R with opportunity
cf ieeming businees. Audreee box '£2?.*i. Call.
•CHIROPODIST — First -class-: v.ants poyitioa
ttate ealary. Addrea Dovtor. KC5 Powell st.
PIPE fitter, machine oi*rator and diemaker.
14$ Sixth Kt.. city.
Ci' w >D Japanese boy wants p?»-itien as scbool-
Uay. I. T. H.. 1 J<< Go'.dpn Gate ave.
A XICE Jajianese boy wants a position as
.*ithv.'at!;er in hot*-! or buan^ing-hou*?: speaks
K:;glii=h very well. Address GEORGE, 523
. St'verson rt. ; phone Mint 1243.
JAPANESE — Horret boy; tpeaks English:
. r.-ant* * jn fit! <n ai <vhuoll<r>y. G. N., 1225
l>»vt?«r:fTO rt.; Id. Pcott MS.
Y< I"N<^ Chiles, v.mjid l!k» a rltuation a« «-ook:
wsf»-» $^5 to $40. Address R. SING. 7
Bn-rham p!a r »-.
JAPAN'EFF: biy wants ¦ position nr school-
. h< .. KAMA. T.3 William et.
CLASSIFIED »<HvrrtiRem«»nt* and snb«TiptIon«
received at Call branch office. 2UOO Fillmore.
A BRANCH o'fice fcr Call advertisements and
cubrcrtptions has been established at lOiW
lfl\A XCIA L.
' 4'* PER CENT
Ik paid on ordinary laUng,! account* and 6
per <ent on term accounts by the Phoenix
!-*v;r:gs B. «r.d L. Association, T>W California
*t. A. A. Watklns. president; Charles R.
Uirhop. vice president; 8. PrentiF* Smith,
trta'urer: Oarrnce Grange, secretary and
managing director: Gavin McNab. attorney;
Georpe <". Hoerdmnn «n<1 Charles K. L*idd,
dirpftors: AvaUer/K.. Smith, cashier.
Sutecribed capital. $8,000,000: raid in capi-
tal. ILO00.O0O; reserve fund, $2<*>.OOO.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and et'KA
*na«4. W. H. BITTNKR. Lawyer and F1-
nar.iial Aeent. .122 Eimdi Spre<-kels bldg.
FEATHER ftiSKOVATISO.
BY new. healthful procrrs. Cal. Steam Feather
¦ Co.. 325. Van ICcn sve. ; fcet Howard .'51C7.
FLATS TO LET.
' -
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
. service absolutely free; take advantage of
this departmeat; It will eave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Gearv
. gt., on the square.
AJLL <-'. the most desirable flats and hounes are
listed In our renting department; l*t u« give
you a llet and help you fin-i one tn the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market St.; sen ices abso-
lutely free.
"127 60—4182 SEVENTEENTH St.. near Castro—
,_Funny upper; 7 rooms, bath. bas«*inent.
. FLAT of S rooms and bath; $27 60. Southeast
<orner of OTarrell and Hollls «ts.
MODERN flat of 3 eunny rooms. 9S7 Sanchez
rtre*t.
A Ni:W 7-room flat; latest improvements:
nearly fKjvhfrrt. Mlyylon st.. bet. 23d and 24th.
FLATS TOH SALI'—l'iilMSHKD.
£*M — A FURNISH Erf-flit of 5 rooms on
Pouch ft. 11 City Hall Fquare.
FURXITLIIEJFoi^j^,^"-
M I SK1ON Auction House-^FoTrtoves. iurnitu"™
and household goods. J^Vale.ncia? c^r. l""^
Kt'RNITCRE of 7 rooms for sale- mu«t —m
by March 5. Box 29<jt. «'«U offlce * W
FURMTUIIB WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone vCSTivm
buys, rente, repairs, packs furniture, carpets!
HIGHEST prires for furniture and mdse r i7
liVIlV. auctioneer. ISIS Mkt.; tel.Howard I 275a
HELP "/ANTED— FEMALE.
COOK. San Rafael, no washing $35
Cook, no washing, city $35
5 cooks. German style, city $30-$35
Assist matron for a home $25
Cook for delicatessen, no restaurant. $10 week
2 nurses for infants :$25-$30
2 waitresses for restaurant $S a week
Nurse girl, grown children $25
American young woman, not over 30 years
old, to look after orphans. In first-class coun-
try home; very nice place $25
4 second girls, city $20-*25
Chambermaid, country hotel $20
Laundress, no shirts $30
Cook. Sen Rafael '. *-"'
Housework. 3 In family $ : «>
Cleaning woman. Institution $20
Dining-room girl, orphanage ". $20
Dining-room plrl. institution, country $25
65 general housework girls at $20-$25-$30.
Apply to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
Butttr st. _J_ j
A LAUNDRESS for private family, . $30; a
strong chambermaid for private family.
city, $30. references; a nurse for one child,
$25. references; a chambermaid for plain
hotel short distance out of city, $20; house-
' work girls for city and country. $20 to $30.
Call at MISS PLUNKETTS, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
TWO tall, etrong girls to work In a factory;
mu« work from 7:30 to 5 p. m.; $1 a day.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near
Powell.
A GIRL for general office work and run er-
rands. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
ft., near Powell.
WANTED — A Protestant cook, without wash-
ing, for family of 2. tn city, $40 per month;
also a flirt- class German. Scandinavian or
French girl for housework. In fa^iilly of 3.
f hort distance In the country, wages $40; also
a flrst-cla*s English nurse for 3 children, for
country, at $30; also a dining-room girl for
springs hotel, at $30. See J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Putter st. " . • '
A LAUNDRESS. $30; infant's nurse, $30; two
nurse girls. 125; eecond girl, $25;- German
girl, care of one child, $30; cook and second
girl, same house $:i5 and $-5;. house girl,
$:;5. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A-WAXTED — Girls to learn hairdressing.
manicuring, etc. : trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; *5 to those entering now; 3 po-
Fitlone to fill Immediately; x»o?ltlons guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school in
West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for 515; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at ?1O per wk upr
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdressing
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
LADIES wanted; everywhere; copying letters
at home, evenings or ppare time and return
to us: no mailing or canvassing; (O weekly
earned; materials free; Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. GUARANTEE CO.,
No. \V 4, Ninth st., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED .quick — Lady performers for road
company; those with three or. more special-:
ties preferred: I pay transportation and
board. Call at once, room 46, Winchester
Hotel. Third et.
¦WANTED — Experienced dressmaker for eoun-.
try: good wages, board and lodging. Call at
MB Fell st.. to-day (Thursday), between 9
and 12 a. m.
A— OPERATORS on ladles 1 waists. 656 Mls-
rion Ft., third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. 656
• Mission st., third floor.
A— OPERATORS on children's wash suits;
Kood pay. 03(5 Mission 5t.. third floor.
GIRL for light housework; fiat; two in family.
Call early. 3531A Lombard st.
LADY, aged 50 or 60, able to help about house,
can find good home at (JlSVi Filbert st.
WANTED — Girl to assist in general housework.
1410Vj Geary st.
WANTED — A girl for cooking and housework;
wages good. 1624 Geary 6tt
MIDDLE-AGED, good cook; no other; no wash;
$7 per week. 432 Capp st.
¦WANTED — Girl for general housework and
cooking. 2S74 Washington 8t. ; wages $30.
TWO experienced saleswomen for suit depart-
ment; m:«t be thoroughly competent. Ap-
ply between 9 and 10 a. m., C. CURTIN.
011 and 013 Market st.
FIKST-CLASS pewers, ladies' waists, etc.;
Work yent: carfare paid. H. FREIDLAN-
DER, 3.-9 Fell rt. '
NEAT younp German or Swifs girl to assist
in li»rnt housework; small family; &ood home.
__445 Walter ev.
PERMANENT position to pood solicitor for
city work. 512 Starr King bldg. ; 10 to 5 p. m.
WOMAN for country: housework; small fam-
ily: $1P. Call 3SS4 Seventeenth st.. 0 to 2.
A VEST operator: steady work; good wages.
Apply S. N. WOOD A CO., 27 Geary et.
HELP WASTED BIAL^.
a^^urrai^&'reTdy; "Sl-csTaajTsT.
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
In l!>0;> we Rave employ- In 1004 v.e hope to
ruent to tl\<*"O men. increase- that number.
• GOVERNMENT WORK.
TO STATE OF
NEVADA.
20 teamster?, $00; 20 laborers, $C0; 15 rock-
men and driller?, 2 years' Job, S hours a day.
Ship To-N!ght. Fare Refunded.
ARIZONA
Land of Sunshine.
ARIZONA. SHIP DAILY. ARIZONA.
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT— UK) MILES— $0 10
M»» lnnoreis, etc., for construction work; goo3
ti apf s.
VIA SHIP TO-NIGHT VIA
S.F.& P.&P.n.R.— Arizona— K.F.&P.&P.R.R.
MISCELLANEOUS.
5 miner?. .«haft work. I* hrs., south, $.1 day;
farmer and wife, i-ee bof=s here, $t7, fd.:
blacksmith, sawmill company, see boj«s here.
$50 fd.; rough carpenter, factory, $2 day;
young man for fl&h and poultry market, city;
butcher, country shop, fare paid. $10 fd.;
cake- baker's helper, city: dishwasher, insti-
tution, we party here. $25 fd.: gardener and
wire, f-ountry. $>0 and house: milker and
wife. Sonoma County. $35 fd. ; milker, north,
fare paid; 8 milkers, other dairy, $.'!O and $.'!5
and fd. ; 23 farm hands, choremen and chore
boy?, cookr, di&h'.vasherB and kitchen hands.
Own 7 a. m.
MURRAY & READY, txU-030 Clay st.
TO~TIIEi
MINES. GOLD AND .«lL.VKtt MINES.
MINES. '
Three minrrs, shaft work, south.
Electrician for rr.ine, see boss here; cook and
¦wife, mine boardins-houpe, see boes.
Two concentrator men, t'M).
T«vri rock nreakcr rr.cn. $<>7 50 to $75.
Three tlmN>rm»»n. $2 75 day.
Fi\£ machine drillers. $90. . ;
Three carmen, $0~ 50.
Two skip tenders, $2 75.
Ton hand minrrs, gold mine, $82 50.
_MURRAY_& READY. tSt-CJS Clay St.
ITAIJAN salesman, country store, $75; timber
faliers. X<;.-> ami found; dairyman, $35 and
found; man and wife, private family, $50 and ¦
found: night c-ook, $.V); elevator boys; lunch
waiters. 75 cents a day. and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st.
( ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 Stockton st.— Assist"
ant Ftcward, country, fCu; waiter, . $40;
f armor and wife ai housekeeper, $40;
baker's helper, young man, $7. a week; gar-
dener and <!•• choren, $25; young man to help
In takery. $3o; etc.
WANTED — A sob»r, industrious young man,' ,
German preferred, to take charge of delivery
wagon and act as city agont for a wholesale
liquor housr; muFt state former occupation
and furnish a bond for a reasonable amount.
Address box 2430. 9a 1 1 office.
WANTEIV— iToachman who thortjujthly under-
stands his bUFlnr-rs; muff be . capable .of .
taking charge of stable and have unquextion-
able references as to ability and character.
Address fully, stating salary expected. Box
24'J), Call office.
__ _ _
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full'
information mailed free. MOLER System 1
College. ««i Clay rt.
WANTED, quick— Performers for road com-
pany; roust be able to change for 3 nights;
I pay board and transportation; will advance
fare to oln company. Call at once, room 46,
Winchester Hotel. Third st.
YOUNG men everywhere: copy letters, home
evenings; $8 50.- week; send addressed ' en-
velope for particular*. Manager Dept W 4
box, 1111. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Office boy for law office; must be
bright, energetic and over 13 years of age.
Address In own . handwriting, stating age,
box 2*33. Call office. -
TRY our men's ehoes. union made, at $1 and
$1 5O per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 or
. orthopedic «hoes,$3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. r> doora from Market.
CLERK wanted for croeery . store. F. G.
ECKHORST & CO.; apply Greenwich and
Pierce «ts. ' .' '
WANTED — Dentists: one operator and one
laboratory men. Box ICO, Memphis, Tenn.
. MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, , sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience in all.
female disorders: call or write without delay;
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1006% Market St., -opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pffls
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5.' By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland, s
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated'
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief-
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper!
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
epeciallet; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. anl MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS'
original method of treatment. 1126 Market «t.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY..KEE, 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR SALE.
BOILER8. engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc'lN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?" ~~ ~
Repair it wltli elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
- needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs
ELATERITE 'ROOFING CO., 713 Market st!
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps
¦ pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought sold,
-rent«a} and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
; H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
A— FINE suits, $7 50; dress~pant"sT*$2 5O.~drigl-
; nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells: or reuts gear machinery en^
glnes, boilers, .water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. -
TWO thoroughbred mares; pedigrees furnished-
must be sold at once. B. SCHROYERS, 1523
Howard st. " :
ALTERATION 'sale— Best $2 50~ hats. $1 50
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 0 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair-
foot-form , s|oes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. .11 3d et.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3%o ROLL and up; fine wall paper; sarnples
; mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webf ter. Tel. Jackson 1321.
A' SINGER sewing machine for shoemaker. 11
. ,City Hall ave.
A COAL, oil cooking stove wth 3 burners 11
City Hall ave;
WILL trade a 30-foot sloop" for a launch Ad-
dress F. M. P., 142 Ninth st., city.
Encycl-jpedia' Britannica ; Scribner edition; half
¦ morocco. King's Old Bookstore, 61 McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
re-faired. Sykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale st.
FOR sale — Piano, music box, organ, buggy, har-
¦ness and hay cutter. 422 Orange st., Oakland.
FOR sale— Five cabinet oval showcases :~three
— — fee^_ OIie 5 feet and one 0 feet. 200 EaFt st.
SAFB6 and cash reslsters, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1320 Market St.
DESKS boupht. sold and exchanged T D
MCCARTHY CO., 782 Mission; tel. Bush 107'.
MILES of pipe and fittings Tall sizes." ElT
_^ENg R1LEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline, engines, 1 to
feiaTfa.^; ohet>p. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
1 SLOT machine* cheap: Chicagoes. Twentieth
Centune8._Puck3^B ; ACIGALUPI. $l:!3 Market.
DESKS arid safe«; see the complet* line at 1116
__Market. Nfess. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE i HER-
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bujlard & Breck, 131 Post «t.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& Co., 122 Market st.
GASOLINE englnrs, automoWIes and launches;
all slzta. ,T. E^ DOAK. 4« Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters- all
makes. ALKXANDKR & CO., 110 Montg'y.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1(1 puses, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
WANTED— To buy, a small cooking stove with
¦ over., to burn coal; state size, make, number
of holes and price asked. Box 2011. Call.
1 PAY highest prices for- all kinds of cast-oft
Clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 043 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. II. C. HOLMES.
11-lD Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
thentrlcal goodB. 151 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2iS51.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
eoi-«O2-tiO3 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc. ; legacies. . life estates and"undlvided in-
terests in property purchased.
: Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
; or country.
l»w rate of Interest.
Give full particulars,
of property or chattels.
L/ocation, etc. _^ T<i^* ! '
Box 408. Call office. -*^
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
¦without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. US Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market «t.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlng-houees, without
security: easy payments; large business In
4tl principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private placo to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
810 Market: teU'Main 1H44. Branch, 10 Third.
A — 1 per cent'on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity;. $23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSON & CO., financial brokers. Emma
Spreckels bldg.. rrn. t!21 ; loans and alt other
financial matters negotiated: confidential. *
MONEY to lonn on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, ipearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
'« : dorscd notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-40, Chronicle bldg. . : >•
TO salaried people without security; on' furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bid*.
AT lowest rates on furnituro and planoo; strict
privacy;no commission vlmtallments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent-
. mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 0 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1C03 Mutual
8a\ings Bank building. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co.; of Wyoming loans money to
, salaried qpiployes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bId,
CASH loaned salaried people on notes" without
; lndorser. MpRELL, 60n Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $1750 on property. In probate court,
will soon be settled; state rate of interest
t wanted. : Box 2565.', Call office.
WANTED — A ,loan of $225O on a fruit ranch
of 40 acres; well" Improved and in full bear-
Ing ; i name ratn of Interest. Box . 2557/ Call.
WANTED— $5000 on : good : valley, land; will
-pay 8 per. cent interest; security good. 'Box
617 Call- office. * ¦¦/¦>'¦ '¦.%>'
WANTED — To' borrow $4000 on *a ranch of 120
acres; will pay.7V4'per cent. Box 2594. Call. I
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FINE SELECTION OF PIANO BARGAINS.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
¦Chlckerlng; walnut case; nearly new.
Stelnway: about a year old.
Knabe; walnut case; finest, largest size;
nearly new.
I Stelnway; largest size; fine condition.
Sterling; mahogany case; largest size.
Standard; oak cas:; good as ww. *
Halnes Brother**, ths genuine; mahogany
cass; nearly new.
Steck; largest size.
Steck: medium size: mahogany case; nearly
new. ; •
Two Neumanns: good condition.
. Steck grand piano; good as new.
v Steinway grand piano; In good order.
V PRICES FROM $125 UP.
- - SQUARE PIANOS,
Including such makes as Weber, Steinway.
Haines, Kranlch & Bach and others, from
$10 ud. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
- . Chickering Agents.
Curtaz building. 16 'O'Farrell at.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
.«. r >0 up; greatest bargains ever offered in San
* Francisco; all '. makes. We rent upright
pianos for $2 oer month; new at $3 per
month; all money paid applies on purchase
Heine Piano Co., 235-237 Geary et. Oakland
address 1252 Broadway.
ONLY Dlano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
<J months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5C0 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b» sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1638 Market St.
IF you want bargains come now; planes al-
most given away. Hornung, 210 McAllister.
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
A FISCHER uorlght piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary St.
BEAUTIFUL 3-oedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrlfic?. Keeffe'B. 285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
¦MIXES AXI> MI.\1XQ ..:...
100 shares . of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
OFFICES yD STORES TO LKT.
TWO nice sunny bay-window- suites for offices.
108% Ellis st.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 140 Geary st., opp. City of Paris.
PERSONALS.
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. "We havo
contracts with' leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. "We make
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper than
others do for ccsh. LEON LEMOS, merchant
tailor, 1127 Market st., bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
, vibrating machine for rheumatism: genuino
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses aj
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 40« Geary.
THE £tar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses sealp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
repl no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338Polk
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affect-
Ing skin, mouth, bonea. etc.), speedily cured
by skillful jpeclallst from Europe. Apply Cen.
tral Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. ; worst cured.
RAG caruet3 wove to order and for sale: *lso
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer tn
¦ carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo^ Matthews, 7n Fifth St., Oakland.
SOCIAL dances Wod.. Thtirs.. Pat. and Sub-
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancir.B, 1550 Market, nr. Larkin.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that Is the Important Item to persons
• contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'Farrell.
*
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dl»-
oases positively cured by Willow Bark Co .
1373 Waller: consultation rr«?«: call or write.
HAIR grown, gxay J rertored: pimples, wrinkles,
all blemlrhes removed: shampooing specialty.
'MME. ROUMTC. 2".l Post, parlors 13 and 14.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at. CHARLES LYONS'. London
_TlL' or - " 21 Ma >"ket st.
SUITS to order on Installments of $t per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 720 Market.
FANCY embroidery work done by Swiss lady.
Orders taken at .13C0 Stockton st.
LIQUOR habit cured In two day9 or no charge.
ACME LIQUOR CURF. CO.. l>07 Market St.
J. W. SPARROW. Jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary St., has moved to 218 Post st.
Artlr.a restores lost eyesight :cures deafne** and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaten, electric needle specialist. 309 Sut-
«¦ ter. r. COr>. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 3-9.
Bon Marcl.e Pants Co.; sneclat $5 pants to or-
__der_^oom(. 14 A 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travere. 1170 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE milt $7 50; dress pants $2 30.
Misfit CIctMng Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hnlr tn Its natural color. $1: nt all druggists'.
PALAi.'STKY.
MADAM PEVAS*
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBES
BUILDING. 13D POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 513
Taylor St.. nehr Geary. Phone lltack 501.
ETC.
ROOMS papered, ' S4 up: tinting. painting.
: Hartrrann Paint Co.. 3H> Third: tel.Maln lit
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 V, Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attection paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073M Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herd doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 607 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE corner Geary and Taylor rts.
WONG WOO, the famous herb~doetor— All dls-
eares cured by Chinese herbs. 74H-S Clay st.
SEWING MACHINES A.\D SUPPLIES
WE shall close cut at once a lot of shopworn
machines at from $20 to $:i0 each; thny are of
our own make, practically new; prices an*
less than half. White Sewing Machine Co.;
. call at 300 Post st. or 1811 Fillmore st.
DOMESTIC — The machine- for > family use:
beet Is cheapest: second-hand nil makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowenf rates.
Domf6tic office, 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: Jllghtly used; $10. $15. $20;- second-
hand. $:i. $5. $8; all styles: guaranteed. New
Horn* Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
. . SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured: new methods;l week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlnjrham, 204 Sutter st.
A j![IL.^'£ 1 ir' HO J [;SE!l ;u
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co., furniture/
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone. Grant ltil.
PIERCE-RODOLPH "storage & Moving Co.. of-
.fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 3U3 Golden Gate ave.; Phone East 120.
GOLDEN .West Storage;, advances made.' ttiO"
. Mission st.-. tel. Howard l«l. : F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture -'Moving '.Com-
? pany. j 2320 FlUmore at.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgcmerj'
¦ st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
DIVIDEND -'NOTICES.'
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bulld-
j ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Bank
;j building. 70S Market St., opposite Third—
¦*' For the half year ending 31st of December,
1003, a dividend has been declared at the
' rate -per annum of (12). twelve per cent on"
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2," 1904. -JOSEPH A. LEON-
' ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Company
. (Con.)— A dividend, . No. 63, of fifty cents
. (50c) per share on the Issued capital stock of
••' the company has been declared, payable at
.; the office of the company, rooms 2i»2. 2O4 and
'••.' 206,: Hayward building,. San' Francisco, on
•March 10. 1904. Transfer books close March
: 3. 19O+, at noon. C. C QU1KN, Secretary.
RF.AL ESTATE — <}ITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ife COMPANY. ' ~~~
633 MARKET STREET
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
¦ ' AUCT1ON.-
Tuesday. March i<. I9C4. 12 o'clock Btoon
At Our Salesroom.
O'FARRELL-STREET INVESTMENT.
N. line O'Farrell st.. 112:8 ft. E. of Laguna.
through to Myrtle ave.; 53x120 ft.: Improve-
ments 2 elegant 2-story residences (Nos. 1£.'<>-
22 CFarrill wt.). containing 12 rooma and bath
each, renting fcr $53 and $«5t> respectively.
SILVER-STKEKT COTTAGE.
N. line Silver St.. 137 ft. E. of 4th: 28xSO
; feet; substantial cottage, containing 4 and 5
rooms and bath: larze stabl» with 4 stalls.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
S. line cf Carl *t., 137 ft. W. of Stanyan:
lot 25xl".7:C ft.: this lot l» situated ao aa to
command a b-autlful view,
MISSION RESIDENCE.
N. lin# of Hill st.. 125 ft. K. of Guerrero:
lot 5Oxl-'t3 ft.; No. 34; Improvement* consts:
of an elesrant 2-story residence of S rooms an<J
bath, salon carlors, basement, patent heater,
etc.; uo-to-date stable en premises; carriage
room, etc.
MISSION COTTAGE.
N. line of Dcrland st.. 2S1 W. of Church:
25x167 ft.; No. 151: improvements consist of
modern cottage, containlr.se 5 rooms and bath.
renting fcr $-*O wr month.
MISSION HOME.
W. line of Castro at., 1C5 ft. N. of 2Cth:
lot 25x123 ft.: No. 710: Improvements consist
of 2-story residence of 7 rooms and bath with
porcelain tub: 7-foot basement; brick founda-
tion.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
SE. cor. of Mission and Noe sts. and tota
remaining on W. line of Noe St.; College.
Honustead, block 2; will be sold aa per
diagram. •>« -.- >--
DOLORES-STREET RESIDENCE.
E. line cf Dolores st.. 100 ft. N. of 26th; lot
60x125' ft.: No. 1221: Improvement* consist of
7-room residence in first-class condition.
DIAMOND -STREET RESIDENCE.
W. line of Diamond «*.. 60 ft. S. of 22d: •
50x115:9^ ft.: No. ; new residence of
8 rooms and bath; modern in every reaped
and a perfect beauty.
For further particulars apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY,
• ¦ 633 Market atreet.
DO yon want a nir» bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH t MATER. Plumbers. 836 Howard at.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH ave.. eii^-$3~; a flaTof S^good~roo3is7
unfurnished. Apply S42 Grove st.
CHELSEA. 6. south aide Bush. bet. Powell and
Stockton — Parlor auite;hkpg. prtvtlegea; qulit.
ELEVENTH. 211 — 2 aunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; rent cheap.
FOURTH. 491— Newly furnished rooms, doubla
or single; also housekeeping: rent reason-
able^^
GEARY. 1002— Nlc«ly furn. aunny front parlor:
single roonis; housekeeping privileges; gaa.
GUERRERO. 1151—2 to 4 furnished house-
keeping rooms; piano, bath, porch; $S to $20.
GOLDEN GATE. 1210— Lovely sunny bay-
" winriow narlr.rs; complete for housekeeping.
HAIGHT, 234, corner — Sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; piano.
JESSIE, .123 — Large, sunny room; furnished;
housekeeping; gas range, clcset. water; $12.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—"
Sunny, furninhed 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
MARKET. 1032— 2 housekeeping rooma. with
ga« and coal stove; $1'J a month.
MCALLISTER. 10.11— Furnished room for lady;
housekeeping privileges: phone; bath.
MOSS, 13, off Howard, nr. 7th — 2 sunny front
rooms, furnlsh?d for housekpg: adults only.
NOE. 347 — Three sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping: adults only: American family.
STETENSON. 255— Single rooms, running wa-
ter; large front room, cheap; housekeeping,
complete, $1 75 week.
THIRD. 308— Two sunny front rooms, $12;
suite of ::, $ltt; another. $8.
VAN NESS ave.. 02tJ — Elegant sunny corner
parlor suite, with small kitchen If desired.
THE LUNGER. 413 Octavia, cor. Hayes— Ju^t
completed ; sunny; modern 3-rcn. apartments;
eltgantiv furnished; electric lights; prrrats
baths; $40 up; refs. ; also doctor's offices.
ST. CECILE. Ii5 Fell, abov* Van Ness— Tha
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-roora
a->artn)*nts; private baths, steam heat, elec*
trie lightr. elevate-, gas ranges; $30 to $35.
St. Andre. 1230 Pise — New management, superb
flptnit«;strtctly first-class; steam heat;electr!o
lights ;pnv. ;phoDe;elev. :l to 5 rms.. with prlv.
bath: furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR. prop.
ST. TXlUI:?. 1373 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-3
room-, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine vlrw; now open; references.
GRAND view; new, modern apartment resi-
dence. 3101 California st.. corner Lyon; now
or on for inspection; convenient car line*.
IROQUOIS Apartments. 810 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth; 2. 3 and I rms.; open for Inspection.
~HADDON HALLT
031 EDDY ST. REFEREnTCES.
AgAETMOe KT3 WAITTEP.
WANTED — A three -room apartment complete-
ly furnished for housekeeping. Box 830. Call.
MODERN apartmer.t of 4 rooms wanted. f.ur-
n'.thed. Box 2CQI. Call office. •
JKOj»Jl£jr^>^M%Tj--K^»^^
AURORAS corner Second and Folsom ats. — New
house, new furniture; every room outsld*;
modern and sunny: prices from $1 SO p»r
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house La
this vicinity; Srst-class grill attached.
A SUITE of connecting fumlshetl rooma for
2 or •'» slnglu gentlemen, or single room for
1 or 2 eentlemen In * refined family, where
lb«r« are no other roomers; breakfast and
dinner if drslrcd. Box 2 113.* Call office.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth St.— Roonis
?5c to $1 p«r night. $1 25 to $5 per week ar.it
light housekeeping rooms: cpen all night.
AT '"lhe Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.)— Rooma. 25c. 5Oc. $1. $1 50 night;
SI 50 to $10 week: house open all ntgnt.
ALL newly furnished beautiful rooms at tn»
Waverly rooming house. 841 O'Tarrell st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market <old No. 13ft4>— Kur-
nlshtd rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMINGS (The). 813 po»t. nr. Taylor— Ju^t
opened; desirably located; sunny, single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and coll
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone ev»r>-
ri'dn; elevator. Phune East 1317 If desired.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 446 — Nlca furnished room for on* or
two persons.
EDINBURGH. THE. 2S9 Powell, eor. Geary-^
Sunny suites and offices; also single rooms.
EDDY, 210— Single and double; suitable tor
gentleman; gas, bath; reasonable.
FERN HALL. 812 Bush — Elegantly furn. roma;
all sunny; terms reasonable; references.
FOR Finale jr«.-ntlem*fi. In private .»nw <no
other roomers), a. large sunny furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks froa
park entrance and 3 block* from panhandla.
Address Box 2624. Call office.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mlsa;oc — Rooms 33s
. to $1 25 night: $1 CO to $8 wi.; reading-room.
HERMANN. Cti«. bet. Flllmcre and Steiner st».
— Furnished room with flmt-clasa board for
respectable young man.
HOTEL ST. PAUL. 4*K Ellis St.— New house
and pew furniture; steam heat: hot wattr;
free baths; house open and elevator servlc*
all night; transient. M. E. GRANT, former-
ly n^ the Vendome. 1104 Market st.
JESSIE. 363. east of U. S». Mint— Furnished
from room: $7 per month.
! LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— Elegantly furnished
; rooms, en suite and Mngle; light and sunny
all day; close to town; rates reasonable.
LARKIN. 1930— Nice room, suitable for gentle-
rnan: rent $10 per month.
! MASON. 1527. near Broadway — Sunny, fur-
I nlshed rooms.
I MISSION. 837A— Furnished- rooms by to* day.
' week or month; prices reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 50— Furnished room with bath in
private home. .
O'FARRELL. 776 — Sunny front , unfurnlsh*!
double parlors; rent reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room. »mokiog-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 00; week. $3
to $3; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
f.cor: room* with hot and cold water: bath*.
1 STEVENSON. 633 — Sunny furnished room for
gentleman.
| THIRD, 3C8— Rooma. 23c. 5Oc. 75c and*$l per
night; $1 td"$4 week; nice, quiet; bath.
VNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
I rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $8 week; tlee-
• trie lights (no gas), running water la every
room: elevator. read. -room: free bus; bagg-aca.
Continued on Page Fouxteetv
HELP WAXTEI1 — MALE — Continued.
PA^IFl^TBMiPLOYMiNT~AGENCY.
52ti-^MontEomery st. — 52tt.
Phone Main 11U1. upstairs.
Machinist, dredger work, ,£ood show to ad-
vance, $00 found, see boss Here: eecond cook,
country hotel, $45 found, fare 1 returned: j
cook, private; carriage painter, $3 day; 2
youn- men, sash and door factory, 'north,
good Job; carpenters; solicitor, Nevada, 8
hours; fare refunded; 20 teamsters; 20 la-
borers, 20 rockmen.
BRIGHT boy wanted. Apply Western Pneu-
matic Horse Collar Company, «17-tS19 San- ¦
some street, city.
WANTED— Young man from 18 to 20 years of |
age for office work. Apply bet. 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' ,
YOUNG man or bright boy wanted to take
care of automobile parts stock; must write
a^ fair hand. White Garage.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make monev F. PERSON,
477 and 478 Parrott building.
BY wholesale pants house, good city man. !
Apply from 10 to 12, 14 Sansome, room 31.
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,,
green hands, for ships. DENT'S, 26 Steuart.
BRIGHT boy to work In printing office. Apply
519 Filbert St.
COLLEGE barber; wages, room and board un-
til first class for $50 cash. Box 2431, Call.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop fcr sale, 1000 Va-
lencia st. ¦ v .
COMPETENT bookkeeper for German hospital;
single man; must speak and write German.
Address, giving references, HENRY EP-
STEIN, care German Benevolent Society, 360
Geary Et. - -
BARBERS, take notice — The office of secre-
. tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-'
moved to 9 City Hall sq., or 1504 Market st.
Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 148, JOS.-
R. BLEILY, Secretary.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade in 8 weeks for $15. under competent
teacher. Western College of Barbers, 647
Commercial st., San Francisco.
"WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roy<in, Reno Houoe proprietor, has
•added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night."
150 YOUNG men, 18 years of age. to organize
military organization.. Call S. .SZANIK, 473
Valencia st.. between' 6 and 8 p. m.
AGENCIES for every city of the Union for the
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
Post st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Bright boy from 14 to 18 years of
age to learn the d#-y goods business. . Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED-S cutters, 20 coat makers. 15. .vest
makers. 15 r>ants makers; ready for work
March 1. Scotch Plaid Tailors, 1009 Market «t.
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
. persons for whom I have secured pensions.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or main charges. 11 3d st., Examj bid.
AVANTED-^Boys, by large electrical supply
company. Box 2418. Call.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop for sale In good loca-
tlon.- CO" Laguna st.. near Hayes.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole-makers on vests
. Apply 2r,QU Ninth gt., oppoelte Clementina. '
PANTSMAKER for country. - Apply REISS
& CO.. 24 Sutler st.
BARBER shop and cigar stand for sale "with
three living rooms. 394 Fourth st. >-- •- - •
MAN to do janitor work ' for tuition In S F
Barber School. 741 Howard st.
Pension Atty., E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bldg
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 7'K) rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions. has been
opened at 1008 Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission et., bet 1st and 2d «ts.
GET your Fhoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 5«3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WANTED— SALESMEN".
WE want four bright canvassers to learn to
sell White sewing machines; ealary and pre-
mium to live men. Apply from S to 9 a. m.
and 5 to 0 p. m. at 300 Post St., White Sew-
ing Machine Company.
HOUSES AND WAGONS. "
REGULAR auction sales of horses, buggie.3,
wagons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at 015 E!II» Ft.; all horses guaran-
teed *.o be an represented. S. WATKINS,
Auctioneer. -Phone East 743.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m., 327 Sixth St.. every horse must be
ee represented or money refunded. JOHN J
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
WANTED — A good, sound horEe and wagon,
suitable for delivery; state age and weight
•if horse and condition of wagon. Box 2002
Call office.
FOR sale — Handsome, fast riding pony. D
LIEGINGER. Devlsadero and Fulton sts.
GOOD cat wanted; bring cat to-day. 2578
Mission st.
GOOD pasture wanted for 2 horses. Box 2006,
Call office.
AUCTION every Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses,
wagons and harr.er«. at 1140 Folsom st.
I
Al EXPRESS wavon, llcht camping wagon,
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest atsortmt 2d-hand wagons, buekbd. sur-
rey. harnefs.work.drlvlnEhorses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; eend for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
MeALLISTER. 1209—12 rooms, bath and bil-
liard-room; $60; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed Hat of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post «t.
$17— HOUSK. C rooms. 171 Collins St.; near
Geary-st. cars.
HOUSES TO LKT — FURMSIIED.
A SPLENDID location; ID rooms; nicely fur-
nished; bargain. 1555 Octavla st..cor.Sutter.
HOliSES KUHMSHKD — FOR SALE.
$l)T.o; MUST cell to-day; parties going away;
8-roomed house; new furniture. 1003 Sut-
ter st.
' IAVKST.MKNTS.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments cf $100 and upward;' no "get-
rlch-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business cstab. 3 years in 3 F
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st. '
BONDS, STCCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-raying socvrltles for sale..
OERMAK1A INVEST CO.. 027 Market St.
LOST A.\D FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Lean Society of San' Francisco in the j
nam< of MARGARET A. CONNELLY. No. I
215-1141. The i'.diki- w'.U please return to]
bank. • '
LOST — One liver and white pointer dog; li-
cense tags of San Francisco and Salt Lake
City on collar. Reward, R. C. DALTON, 631
Sutter st.
LOST — Gray leather bag" containing purse, 4
rings, cherk and papers. Reward, C. L.
WHITE, 207 Crocker building.
LOST — About 2 o'clock, near ferry, . package
containing white shawl, gloves, belt. 3 Rose
place, off Taylor at. ; reward. -
LOST — Purse; between Sacramento boat, Port-
land steamer and Brannan and First sts.
Liberal reward If returned to 86 and 88 1st st,
$40 REWARD— Lost. In the vicinity of Mc-
Allister and North Wlllard sts..- a solitaire
diamond pin.' Return to 226 North Wlllard st.
LOST— Sunday night on Sutter st., bet. Hyde
and Powell, black feather boa. Return to
242 Post st. : rc-ward. ; ¦
LOST — White bulldog; 'ears clipped; D." W. 1
, Earl on collar ;• reward. < 2121 Laguna st.
GREAT Dane dog. light brlndle color, hind
fo«Jt sore; reward. 348 Tenth : St.-
LOST— Fox terrier dojc pup; child's pet. 1805
Ellis st.; .liberal reward.
LOST— Diamond ring at Mill Valley station.
Return to M1S8 M. B.. 814. O'Farrell; reward.
FOUND— Dec. 20, a lady'n purse .containing -2
watches and $5. Inquire lSQ3'i Jont-s et. 1
REAL ESTATE — CITY--FOR SALS.
. . .
PEREMPTORY AUCTION^
PEREMPTORY AUCTION.
By order of DR. EMMA. L. MERRITT,
Executrix of the Estate of
ADOLPH SUTRO, Deceased.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3. 1904.
At our office and salesroom.
SS Poet St., at 12 o'clock noon.
We will offer at auction to be
sold to the highest bidders and
Subject to confirmation
by the Superior- Court
Ocean Boulevard Lots. Ocean Boulevard Lots.
Fronting on Fourty-elghth ave. and Ocean bou-
levard, between O and P sts. Lots 25xl3r> feet,
with double frontage, adjoining a magnificent
$7000 residence. Th« grand Pacific Ocean at
your front door.
PARK AND MARINE VIEW BLOCK. .
Whole block In 50 subdivision*. 25x100 and 23x
120 each, fronting on Fulton and C sts.. Forty-
sixth and Forty-seventh aves.; 2 blocks to the
boulevard and car lines. Superb view of
Golden Gate Park and Ocean.
DESIRABLE LOCATION FOR HOMES.
8— UNSOLD LOTS— •
On high, elrhtly elevation In block 225. en Cliff
ave., Clement st.. Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth
aves.: surrounded by pretty homes, and com-
manding view of the Ocean, Cliff House. Sutro
Heights and the Park. The last lota to b* had
In this desirable location. *
ASHBURY HEIGHTS! ASHBURY HEIGHTS!
Entire block on the heights or In subdivisions-
double frontage lots on Clarendon ave. and
Ashbury st.: on electric ear line. Transfer
privileges to all parts of the city. Masonlc-ave.
and Elghteenth-st. cars passing. Splendid view
of city. Chance for speculators. .
TERAIS OF SALE— CASH.
Maps and Particulars at Our Office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 POST ST..
$10,800— CASH $2000; nearly completed; rents
$1200 per year; 7B0-62-KI Seventh-ave. boule-
vard, near Fulton st-: 17 minutes from Cit>
Hall: all-ntzht car service: every possible
latezt Improvement: 25x120. Apply on prem-
Ises. 1 to 4.
$500 DOWN and $20 per month for new cot-
tage, 4 r. and b. : on China ave. and Mission.
$2750— House, t> r. and b.. with stable;
402U Tw*nty-sixth Ft.
D. COFFIN & CO.;C3303 Mission Street.
¦FLATS for sale — All rented; paying well;
nrar Mission and car line; cash and mort-
gage. Box 2424, Call office.
ADVERTISER will pay $1000 cash for lots In
vicinity of Golden Gate Pack. E. S. J..
box 2777, x Call.
1 BUILD on ycur unimproved realty: we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot are per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
HKAli KSTATK—ConnrrT For Sale.
$lo"X MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.'""
$2CO profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. WC J st.
WRIGHT & K1MBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues <tent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. US
Market st.
r q i.vr kic. h >>»>'» R*^ 1 ' kstatk.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts:
map?, photos, etc. BELL, 417 Parrott blrig.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAJIEUA KKAL ESTATE.
$1200— COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath: lot 27H
xl37Va- Call Bets Grove st.. Sun Francisco..
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
11 KK K . E I<K Y 9 E A V ESTATE.
$723 — 3-ROOM cottage. 1 block from car line;
lot 30x100; easy terms; situated at lotw
Grayson St.. West Berkeley.
MORAN & SWAIN, '-'131 Shattuck arve.,
opp. Berkeley station.
A. MTRDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bargains; we build, buy, sell or exchange.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FHI'ITVALK KKAL ESTATE.
CHARI.ES~fTlEe! ~PHON E'\'ALE~206r
Office Half Block From Fruitvale Station.
A LITTLE GEM AT A BARGAIN. '
Four-rcom cottage, bath- wired for electrici-
ty; fine well, windmill and tank; house has a
hlc:i basement, full brick foundation; located
close to depot; fine school near by; lot .l'»:Hx
125, with alley 20 feet wide: as the owner is
going away this place is offered at a great
sacrifice: two adjoining houses now supplied
with water from this property; more custom-
em ;an be had if desired; price all told, only
?1. "•'•<>; I would advise any one wanting a nice
home, well located and cheap, to look at this
at i-nce.
EASY TERMS CAN BE HAD IF WANTED.
CHARLES F. LEE, 1222 Fruitvale ave.
4 ACRES, near Fruitvale and car line; half In
orchard; Iaree 5-rcom cottage and attic:
windmill, tankhonse barn, carriage house
and slabie: $M0O; half cash. J SYNDICATE
INVESTMENT CO.. Fruitvale station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RKAL ESTATE.
, BELDEN' S~BARGAINsT~'
$2200; new one and a half story 7-room house
and lot 73VixlOO; near 23d ave.. East Oakland;
easy terms.
$500 to $600; lots 25x125 at corner 25th and
Market sts.; one block to San Pablo ave. and'
short walk to business center; cheapest lots
in townV
$900; sunny lot 35x125; near San Pablo ave.
and 25th st.
$067 will buy lot 3T.if.xll5 on Edward St.,
between Telegraph ave. and Broadway.
$1150; beautiful e'-vated building lot 40x132
on Vernon st., Vernon Heights: grand view.
• $1075; 3«-foot lot opposite elegant mansion
of Senator Perkins, Vernon Heights; a snap.
$450: lot SoxlOO on 2Sth St., ciose to San
Pablo ave.
BELDEN, REAL ESTATE.
1112 Broadway. Oakland.
$250 CASH. 50 monthly; neat, cozy new-built
cottage, surrounded by Immense laurel and
oak irees; running stream of mountain water;
candy loam soil (5. to 10 feet deep; lovely
surroundings; section building up rapidly:
near car line; fine schoolbouse; good sub-
stantial community: see it and you will buy
it, sure, adjoining East Oakland; away from
cold winds and fog: price, all told - S675; . s
lots; 50x100. Call or send for circular. 433
Seventh St.. opp. Broadway station. Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
$S30 — NEW modern cottage. 4 rooms and bath:
lot 100x140. on a sunny corner in Elmhurst:
6c furc to Oakland: this price has been re-
duced for a quick sale; owner iolng East
. next we«k: must be sold. C. K. MARSHALL.
1118 Broadway.
A DESIRABLE place for a home at your own
terms. See the owner. P. J. KELLER, of
Rose ave.. 37th and ."Kith sta.. Piedmont ave.;
r.fflrp 40 1 Ninth st.. Oakland. ,
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
THIRTY^SIXTH, C&0, near Key~route^3cey
next door; 7 rooms and bath; nickel plumb-
Ing; very sunny; combination gaa and elec- '
trie lighting; rent $.'W; water free. ¦
¦ O. W. AUSTIN, too 1 .' Broadway.
OAKLAtfn FTTRXITURE FOR- SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains . In furni-
ture. H. Schelbaas.Uth st.,cor.*tore,Oakland.
FOR ANY NEED AS THE LARGEST
DEPARTMENT STORES
have wmmssm .hcrchandisl!Shi pping Intel licence.
ARRIVED. '
„ „ , Wednesday. March 2. '"¦¦¦¦¦
:¦• Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing. - '
In addition to; the fore-going the steamer
carried 154,712 lbs, pig lead, valued at 113 631
en route to Yokohama,' Japan. • '
Vhe -steamer City of Puebla sailed on Tues
day for Victoria with an assorted merchandise"
cargo consigned to the port of destination and
the prinlcpal British Columbian ports valued
a* $11.0(0. and including the rollowing
1465 pkgs fresh rrults. 93 pkgs fresh vefce
tab'es. 7 cs canned goods. '._200 lbs meal 200
lbs chocolate. 21!«i lbs « cs cheese. '55™
ckjtr. _25O lbs ralslna, 2320 lbs coffee 8 nk_s
groceries and provisions, «53 lba glucose si
pkgs r*ste. fii.100 lbs malt,'. 458 gals wine 6
pkg« leather. 300 tins matches. -.4 pkgs twine
2 pkgs electrical supplies, 2.124 lbs sheet lead'
2178 lbs lead pipe. 14 cs arms and ammfini
tion. :»62 lb» leaf tobacco. _3 pkgs machCry
1 cs Khoe«, 8 cs dry goods. . '
.Merchandise for the North.
The British ship County of Llnlithgow pro
cecds to l»uget Sound to load lumber rl
the United Kingdom or Continent, chartered in
The bark Martha Davis returns to Wii/i
with general cargo. rtuo
Matters of Interest 'to .Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. '
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Whaler Belvedere Sails.
The steam whaler Belvedere went to sea
yesterday and will be followed In a few days
by the other vessels of the Arctic fleet.
Mrs. Josle Anderson, who lives at 1555
Kearny street, wound up a drinking bout yes
terday by swallowing some laudanum. Heroic
treatment administered at the llaraor Hos
pital will probably save her life.
AVomah Drinks Laudanaum.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Sierra will sail at 8 o'clock this evening for
Honolulu and the Antipodes. She" will carry
a full cargo and many passengers, there be
ing a larce number of prominent peoDle
booked for the Hawaiian port
Sierra Sails This Evening.
The Kosmos liner Denderah, previously re
ported damaged by collision, has been sur
veyed and, according to a cablegram received
yesterday from Hamburg, found to have been
badly damaged. Eight bow plates will have
to be renewed and repairs will occupy about
a week.
Needs Eight Xcw Plates.
Some anxiety is felt for the saftely of the
brlcantlne W. G. Irwin, which left Koche
Harbor two weeks ago for this port. The
Irwin is one of the speediest sailing vessels In
the coast trade and In view of the storms
which have swept the Pacific since she left
Roche Harbor her non-appearance- is causing
no little uneasiness. The Irwin is a vessel of
330 net tons register and was built in 1881.
Brigantine Overdue.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company has
chartered the steamer Humboldt for service
between Seattle and Alaska. She will leave
to-day for the Puget Sound port. The steamer
Portland, which has been laid up most of the
winter, is almost rfady for sea and will leave
for Valdes within the next few days.
Humholdt Is Chartered.
F. F. Dunne, a lineman, who lives at 110
Eureka street, touched a live wire ' yesterday
while working on a telegraph pole at Powell
and Union street*. The shock caused him to
release his hold and h» fell to the ground,
twenty feet below, breaking his right leg and
sustaining other Inurles. He was badly burned
where he came into contact with the electric
fluid. His injuries were treated at the Harbor
HoEpital.
Lineman. Has Bad Fall.
A number of changes will take place to-day
on the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's liner Doric. First Officer Arthur
O'Neill and Fourth Officer Hugh Lyons leave
th» service of the White Star Line, both to
better their conditions. O'Neill will remain
here and Lyons return to England. The sec
ond officer. Frederick A. F"rank. will succeed
O'Neill as llrst officer. Third Officer Blair
movins Into second place. The new second
and third officers will be Captain Simmons,
who was relieved of command of the .British
ship St. Mirren upon her arrival here a few
weeks ajro, and John Queen, who was mate of
the British ship Chelmsford. which arrived
here July 31 and has been laid up since at
Sausalito. •
Changes on the Doric
The French ship David d'Angers and
the British ship Glenelvan were placed
on the overdue list, each quoted for re
insurance at 10 per cent. The d'Angers
is out 105 days from Iquique for Fayal.
v/hltjier she is bound for orders. The
Glenelvan is bound for Wallaroo. She
left Anjer sixty-one days ago.
The Theodor is quoted at 50 per cent
and the "W. F. Babcock at 15 per cent.
Two overdue vessels were reported
yesterday safe at their respective des
tinations; two names were added to
the overdue list and at Lloyds in Lon
don the French bark Paris, long over
due from Hamburg to Honolulu, was
posted as missing.
The vessels that arrived were the
German ship Robert Rickmers and the
French bark General Mellinet. The
Rickmers was 147 days making the pas
sage from Rangon for Bremen and was
reinsured at 30 per cent. The General
Mellinet reached the Clyde, 152 days
from New Caledonia. She was quoted
at 15 per cent.
Stmr National City. Hammar, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg, bound to Redondo; put la to land
passengers.
Stmr Umatilla, Patterson, C5 haurs from
Victoria.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr North Fork, ' Nelson, 31 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Ottlllle Fjord, Boesch, 7 days from
Wednesday. March 2.
Wh stmr Belvedere, Tilton, whaling; Wm
Lewis * Son.
Strar Spokane, Nopander, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company.
Stmr State of California, Thomaa. San Di
ego: Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Br shin LUmcre. Wilson, Port Townaend;
J & A Brown. . . •
Fr bark Edmond Rostand, Roy, New Cale
donia; Uoth, Blum & Co.
Fr bark Jean Bart, Callier, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, March 1.
Stmr Mineola, Kirkwood, Tacoma.
Wednesday, March 2.
Stmr Ciarlna, Johnson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Empire, Macsenn, Coos Bay. /
Wh rtmr Belvedere. Tilton, whaling.
Stmr San Mateo. Ron, Tacoma.
Stmr Spokane, Nocander. Eureka.
Stmr National City. Hamar, P.edondo.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen. Coquille P.iver.
Stmr Acme, Lunqulst, Bureka.
Schr C T Hilt, Hulls. Tillamook.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega..
Schr Win Renton. Bruce. Falrhaven.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 2. 10 p m— "Weather
thick; wind west; velocity 4 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 2— Sch En
dfavor, *rom» Everett; schr Dauntless, from
Grays Harbor: schr A B Johnson, from Grays
Harbor.
Arrived March 2 — Schr Ruth E Godfrey,
from Everett: bktn J M Griffith, from. Port
Hadlock.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 1— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived March 1— Ger
bark I'quador, from Port Blakeley.
TATOOSH— Passed in March 2— Schr Wm
H Smith, from Port Angeles for Redondo; schr
Marlon, from Port Angeles for San Pedro; ehip
Elwell, from Port Hndlock for Sydney.
Passed in March •£ — Stmr Centennial, hence
Feh 2S for S^attlp.
POUT ANGELES— Sailed March 2— Schr Al
bert Meyer, for Tacoma. I
EUREKA— Sailed March 2— Stmr Newsboy,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 2— Br stmr Indra
velll. from Hongkong.
Sailed March 2 — Stmr DesDatch, for San
Francisco.
Sailed March 2 — Schrs Maria E Smith and
W F Wltzeman, for San Francisco; U S stmr
Buford, for Manila.
Arrived March 2— Aus ship Francisco Guls
eppe. from Port Los Angeles.
SEATTLE— Sailed March 1— Stmr Excelsior,
for Valdes. *
Sailed March 2 — Stmr Texan, for Tacoma.
REDONDO — Arrived March 2 — Stmr Ohe
halis, from Grays Harbor; schr W J Patterson,
from Grays Harbor.
BANDON— Arrived March 2— Schr Ruby,
henco Feb 15; schr Onward, hence Feb 10.
Sailed March 2 — Schr Alpha, for San Fran
cisco. ¦
SKAGWAY— Sailed March 1, 5 p. m— Stmr
Dirigo. for Seattle. .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 2—
Btmr Whitesboro, from Point Arena.
• Sailed March .2 — Br stmr Tottenham, for
Punet Sound.
BALLARD— Sailed Feb 2»— Schr Maweema.
for San Dlesro. March 1— Schr Stlmson, for
San Pedro. *4 . ' • ¦ .
SOUTH BEND—Airlved March 2— Schr Ce
celia Sudden, from San Pedro.
Sailed March 2 — Schr Novelty, for San Fran
cisco. ...
BELLINGH AM— Arrived March 2 — Stmr
Olympic, ¦ hence Feb 27; stmr George Loomls, .
from Seattle, and sailed for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 2t-Schr
Chas E Falk,,for San Francisco; ; schr Mctha
Nelson, for San Pedro; schr Espada. for San
Pedro: schr Lizzie Vance, \ for San ' Francisco.
i Arrived March 2 — Schr -.San Buenaventura,
hence Feb 21 : echr Glen, hence Feb 19.
. PORT HARFORD- Sailed March 1— Stmr
Coos Bay, , for^San Pedro.
• ISLAND PORTS.
MAH UKON A— Sailed March 2— Bark Star of
Bengal, for Delaware ; Breakwater.
~ HONOLULU— Arrived March 2— Sclir Amer
icana,, from. Newcastle, Aus. *
Sailed ', March . 2— Stmr Alameda, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
-DELAWARE* BREAKWATER— -Passed Max
1 — Stmr : American, from Kahulut, for Phila
delphia. • ; ¦ • ,-;-¦
NEW-YORK— Arrived March 1— Stmr Yu
catan, from Colon.' *$3fifSSi*?s6-IJE
Sailed March 1— Stmr AUIanca, for Colon,
c :? > f u\<< FOREIGN PORTS. '/_",,¦
; VALPARAISO— Arrived -'Jan - 6 — Swed ship
Alfhild. - from '.Port' Ludlow. ¦ ' , • -¦
• CALLAO — Arrived Feb 27 — Ger ship Arthur
Fltger, from "fiirtnrtn "jr%gitf^iitfiliWii|i<MBijni[ii|
[NEWCASTLE, AUS— Arrived/ Feb 18— Br
i thig Australian, from Acapulco.'
Stmr Brooklyn, Johansen, 16 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Alcazar, Johnson, t" hours from
Greenwood.
brig'antine w. c. irwin.
for; whose safety much
anxiety is felt.
United States Coast and Geodetic . Survey —
Time and Height of. High; and Low Waters
¦', at Fort- Point, entrance to . San Francisco
Sun, • Moon and Tide.
The Time,; Ball' on the tower of the Ferry
building: was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. o... at. noon of the 120th - meridian, or at 8
p.m. Greenwich time. J.C. BURNETT,
. Lieutenant, U.- S; N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographicr*t>tflce. V. . S. N.. Mer
- • chants' Exchange, San Francisco,' Cal.,
. March 2. 1904. .
Bankrupt Engineer.
Frederick A. Clark, civil engineer.
San Francisco, filed a petition In In
solvency yesterday in the Upiterl States
District Court. He owes $2534 and baa
no assets.
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. .'.; ¦
KOO Mont Ton ...1 251 200 Ton Midway. 3S
100 Ton Belmont. HI 2500 Ton Midway. 42
100 Ton Belnwjnt. *'0\ 100 Ton N Star.. 31
100 Ton Belmont. 59 1
Afternoon Session.
41:0 Evelyn 32 il BOO Ton Belmont. CO
liiO Mont Ton. .1 22Vi 3C0 Ton Belmont. 61
3?>O Mont Ton 1 25 40O Ton Belmont. »>2
2.'.! Rescue 10 1CCO Ton Helmont. «4
100 Rescue >..... 00 2000 Ton Midway. 33
7(X> Rescue 081 . .'. .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. March 2— 1 p. m.
Bid. Ask. : Btd.Ask.
Alpha <*S 1.7! Justice CM C7
Alta OS 10 Kentuck 02 03
Andes ...'.... 4S 4i)'Keyes Graea.. — 175
Belcher 30 32 i Lady Wash.. — 00
Best & Belch.2 00 2 25 1 Mexican 1 M 1 90
Bullion 11 12|Occidental ... S3 $5
Caledonia ...1 15 1 2U Ophlr 4 M 4 !«
Challenge Con 35 :t7! Overman .... 34 35
Chollar IS 2O Potost 17 13
Confidence ...1 10 1 20 Savage 57 5S
Con C & Va.l W> 1 65 1 Scorpion cm O*
Con Imperial. 02 »i3'Seg Belcher.. 07 08
Con NY.... 0:t 05 1 Sierra Nev ..53 54
Crown Point. 23 23!Silver Hill .. 66 BS
East Sierra N 05 — jst Louis .... — 1.1
Eureka Con... — 50 'Syndicate ... 04 05
Kxchequer ... 15 17 1 Union Con .. S7 SS
Oould & Cur. 43 44; Utah 2O 22
Hale & Norc. 91 95 Yellow Jacket 49 47
juiia 04 ce!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask. j Bid.Ask.
Colehan — lSiRay Exten... — 10
Esperanza ... — 01 ! Ray Ton .... 10 —
Gipsy Queen.. — "O.Ray & OBrien — 03
Gold Anchor. 15 24 1 Rescue ...... 08 0»
Hannanah Mu — 25 Ton & Cal.. — 2O
MacNamara . IS 20 Ton Exten ..60 77
Mont Ton.t 22>^ 1 2"S;Ton of Nev. — 6 CO
Nevada Chief — 40! Ton Midway. 38 K>
N Y Ton — 02;Ton Superior. — It
Paymaster ... — 12 1 United Ton ..10 12
Bay. Published by official authority of the
E Superintendent.
NOTE — The hljrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tido is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. MARCH 3.
Sun rises S:38
Sun sets 6:C5
Moon rises 8:11 p. m.
O iTimel Prime] ITtmel Tlmej
,9 | Ft. I Ft. j 1 Ft. I Ft.
• |H W| )L Wf |H TV| fL W|
3 0:24 5.6 6:06 • 1.1 12:28 5.5 «:31 0.4
4 1:03 5.6 7:C0 0.9 1:22 5.2 7:13 1.0
5 1:43 5.6 7:52 0.9 2:22 4.6 7:58 1.5
6 2:27 5.5 8:52 0.9 3:27 4.4 8:43 2.2
7 3:15 5.4 9:57 0.8 4:37 4.1 9:37 2.8
8- 4:05 G.2U:0» O.S 5:55 4.0 10:42 3.O
. 9 I 5:06| 5.1(12:12 .0.7 7:09 4.011:52 3.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of th» Udea
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand- column and the successive tides of the
day In th« order of. occurrence as to time; the
fourth tln-.e column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition. to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.'
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due. 1
Homer ! Coos Bay !Mar. .1 !
Titanla j Nanaimo i....!Mar. S]
Centralia Grays Harbor Mar. 3
Del Norte Crescent City 'Mar. :{
Jeanie • Peattle & Tacoma 'Mar. 3
Arcata Cooa Bay & Pt. Orford.jMar. 3 i
Arctic I Humboldt i.\Iar. 3,
Pomona ! Humboldt |Mar. 8.
Point Arena. .! Mendoclno & Pt. ArenalMar. 3 |
Santa Rosa.. J San Dle«t> &. Way Pts.lMar. 3
W. H. Krugei, San Pedro jMar. 3
Rival j "vVil!?pa Harbor Mar. 3
S. Barbara. . . Seattle & Olympia Mar. ' 1
Chlco > Coquille River Mar. 4 !
Peru New York via Panama. |Mar. 4 ;
Coos Bay San Pedro &. Way Pts.lMar. f ;
Oregon Portland & Astoria Mar. 5'j
Spokane Humboldt ." Mar. 6^
Newburg Grays Harbor ...JMar, 6 !
San Pedro Grays Harbor iMar. 7!
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.lMar. 7 i
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 7 '
Alameda Honolulu l.Mar. 8 I
Porno Point Arena & Albion .Mar. S !
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. |Mar. 9 !
San Juan New York via Panama. Mar. 9 \
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma JMar. » !
Mariposa Tahiti |Mar. 10 '
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Mar. 10 ;
S. Dollar..... Hakodate IMar. 10 ;
G. Lindauer.. Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 10 !
North Fork... Humboldt Mar. 11 i
Nevadan.,... Honolulu & Kahului.. Mar. 12
Siberia China & Japan (Mar. 1U !
CltyPuebla.. Pujjet Siund Ports IMar. 12 !
Alaskan New York Mar. 12 I
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. (Mar. 13 j
TO SAIL. ,
Steamer. Drstination. I Sails. Pier.
March 3. |
Centralia... Los Anreles Ports. 1 10^m Pier 10
Aurella.... Astoria & Portland i 10 am Pier 2
Humboldt.. Seattle & Alaska. Ill am Pier 9 I
Sierra Sydney & Way 8 pm Pier 7-
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland H am Pier 24 '
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier a i
State of Cal San DIpro & Way. 0 am Pier 11 '
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10 I
March 4. '
S.Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. | 1 pm|Pler 2 ¦
Eureka..... Humboldt I 9 amIPier IX I
Bonita Newport & Way.. » amjpier 11
March 5. ( - |
Poroona.... Humboldt ....¦ I 30 p Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier a
Doric China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Acapuico... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40 i
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20 |
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier ID ,
March 6. (
•Newburg... Grays Harbor. ... .| 4 pm|Pier' 10
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. OrfdllO am Pier 13 I
S. Rosa.... San DIcgo & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2 I
Umatllla.. . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Jeanie...... j Seattle & Tacoma. S pm Pier 20 I
i March 7. ;
Chlco Coquiile River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ... 10 am Pier 11
March 8. |
fpokane Humboldt . |l:30pPier 9
Oregon..... ABtoria & Portland|ll am|Pier 24
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. I 9 amlPler 11
March 10. |
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor..... | 3 pm|Pier 10
March 11. ||
Senator Puget Sound Ports. Ill ami Pier S4
March 12. ! . I
Alameda... Honolulu |lt amjPier 7
Peru.....;. N. Y. via Panama.12 m|l'icr 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Valencia..... Skagway & Way Ports. (Mar. 4
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. (Mar. 5
Dolphin. .".... Skagway & AVay Ports. Mar. 10
Dlrigo....... Skagway & "Way Ports. Mar. 10 i
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Mar. 10
Cottage City. Skagway. & Way Ports. Mar. 11
Dora.. ... Dutch Hrbr via Valdez Mar. 15
'Santa Ana... Valdez '& Way Ports.-. Mar. Ill
J. Dollar Valdez & , Seward Mar. 20
Thomas Duntze of the firm of j
Thomson, Dunze & Co.. wine mer- j
chants, New Tork, swore to another !
complaint before Judge Fritz yester- |
day charging Joseph Campbell Jr.. j
their Pacific Coast agent, with felony |
embezzlement. It is alleged that on !
April 8 last Campbell received $934 05 j
from John Rothschild & Co., 115 Sac- •
ramento street, for a consignment of j
champagne and failed to account for {
the money. The previous complaint |
sworn to by Duntze last Saturday was j
for $750 received by Campbell from j
Bathjen Bros., Stockton street, on i
September 23. Campbell was arrested j
on that charge and released on bonds.
Piling Up Charges.
»
Movements of Steamers.
NAPLES— Sailed March 1— Stmr Terusla.
for Nf-w York. March 2— Stmr Prince Adel
bert, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed March 2— Stmr Celtic;
from New York, via Queenstown; atmr Haver
ford, for Philadelphia, via Queenatown; stmr
Ivernla, for Beaton.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed March 2 — Stmr
Kaieer Wllhelm II, from Bremen for New
York, via Cherbourg.
GENOA — Arrived March 2 — Stmr Palatia.
from New York, via Naple«.
Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Nord America, for New
York.
Sailed' March 2 — Btmr Majestic, for Liver
pooHl: stmr Armenian, for Liverpool; stmr
United State*, for Christiansand and Copen
hagen.
CHERBOURG — Arrived March 1 — Stmr
Pennsylvania, from New York, via Plymouth,
and proceeded.
ALEXANDRIA— Arrived March 2— Stmr Re
public, from Boston, via Algiers, Genoa and
Naples. "
NEW YORK — Arrived March 2 — Stmr Nea
politan Prince, from Genoa. Palermo, Naples,
etc.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
HONGKONG! — Arrived orior to March 2—
Br stmr Braemer, from New York; Br stmr
Indrawadl. from Xew York.
Sailed Feb 27— Stmr M S Dollar, for Cal-
LADYSMITH— Sailed March 2— Ship Wm H
Macy, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— In port Feb 1&— Bark Home
ward Bound, for San Francisco.
CORONEL— Sailed Feb 28— Stmr Cone
maugh. for New York.
STANLEY, F I— Sailed Feb 2&— Bark V.'lll
scott, for San Diego.
UELAGOA B AT^— Arrived Feb 29 — Br ship
Gantoclc Rock, from Whatcom.
COLON— Sailed March 1— Stmr City of
Washington, for New York.
CLYDE— Arrived March 2— Fr bark Gen
Melllnet. from New Caledonia.
BREMEN— Arrived March 2— Ger bark Rob
ert Rlckmers. from Rancoon.
HAMBURG— Arrived Feb 27— Ger btmr Isls.
hence Oct 23.
Special orders department: Major
Charles R. Krauthoff, purchasing com
missary at San Francisco, Cal., will
proceed to Los Angeles, Cal., on of
ficial business pertaining to the inspec
tion of subsistence stores to be pur
chased for shipment to the Philippine
Islands, and upon completion of this
duty will return to his proper station.
Orders to officers of the United
Stales navy: Lieutenant Commander
G. E. Burd, detached duty at the Union
Iron Works, San Francisco, to navy
yard, Puget Sound, Washington, duty
in charge of department of steam en
gineering of that yard. Lieutenant
Commander F. W. Bartlett to the
Union Iron Works, San Francisco, for
duty in connection with the battleship
Ohio and duty on board that vessel in
charge of the steam engineering de
partment when commissioned.
Postmasters commissioned — Califor
nia — Philip F. Unger," Hodson.
Idaho — John Larsen, Hope; Charles
Wilson. .
Oregon — Charles A. Hunter, Leap.
Washington — Walter H. Copping,
Xesplem.
Changes in {ourth-calss postmasters
— Oregon — Balltson, Polk County,
Peter Cook, vice Forester W. Royal,
resigned; Beaver. Tillamook. Joseph
Bixby, vice James R. Finlay, resigned;
Xeskowin, Tillamook County. Lina D.
Scherzinger, vice Isaac S. "Ward, re
signed.
Washington — Amboy, Clarke Coun
ty, George W. Roper, vice William H.
Fretzman. «
WASHINGTON, March 2. — Need
ham's bill appropriating $80,000 *o r
the construction of a wagon road
within the boundary of the Tosemite
National Park, from a point in the
Merced ,River Canyon, where the Cas
cade Creek empties into the Merced
River, through the canyon to the west
ern boundary of the park, was favor
ably reported by the House Commit
tee on Public Lands. The money is to
be available when the Legislature of
California shall appropriate the neces
sary money to build a continuation of
this road from the western boundary
of the park through the canyon to
Merced Falls on the Merced River.
The bill states that the appropriation
is made to secure the construction by
the United States of one part and by
the State of California of another part
of a wagon road from the San Joaquin
Valley at Merced Falls to the Tosemite
Valley In accordance with a recom
mendation of the Yosemite National
Park Commission in its report to the
Secretary of the Interior on December
4, 1899.
Provisions Eequire Califor
nia to Defray Half of the
Expense of ' Construction
STATE AID IS EEQUIKED
Needhanrs Bill Appropriat
ing .$80,000 for Yosemite
Meets Committee Approval
REPORT FAVORS
THE PARK ROAD
Bertha Peterson (owner) with T. D. Hixa-in*
(contractor). architect— All work for a
five- room frame cottage on lot 100 feet S from
SSS£"iSo(>.' trwt * on E llne of Saa Brun ™
Albert Niel«en (owner) with Hans Petersen
(contractor). architect— All work excent
paintlnsr. lincrusta, mantels, tiling ras fix
tures, shades, finishing hardware, water sewer
and gas connections for a three-atory and base,
ment frame buildinr on E line of Treat ave
nue. ISO S of Twenty-third street. S 23 by E
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Fran
cisco (owner) with James W. Smith (con
tractor), architect* Shea & Shea, — Alterations
ant) addition* to St. Peter's Convent bulldtnr
on W line of Florida etreet. 2OO S of Twenty
fourth: $10.15*. twenty
John M. Vance (owner) with 3an Francisco
Electrical Company* (contractors), architect
Nathaniel Blalsdell — Wlrina\ m witch- and wir
ing for lomc-dlstance telephones for an eight
story and basement brick building on E lln*
of Taylor street, 72:8 N of OTarrell, N 65 by
E 92:6: flGeS. °° Dy
W. J. Urton (widower) to Blrdte E. Raeder
(or Roeder). all interest In lot on SE corner
of Santa Clara avenue (as same now exists)
and Morton street. E 37 :« by S 140. portion of
lots 1. 2. 55 and 56. Mock 21. map Homestead
of Mary A. Fitch, etc.. Alameda: $10.
Bnilders* Contracts.
J. G. Klumpke (single) to Fred M. and
Emma J. French, lot 7, block C. map Kins;
Tract on Frultvale avenue, quitclaim deed.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Lottie A. Lampe (widow) to Charles Car
roll, lot 13. In hlock F. map of Daly's rwsub
dlvtston of cortlon of Robinson Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Elizabeth A. and Warren T. Clark* tn
Charles T. Hall, lot on N lin* of Hast* street
100 W of Mllvla, W 60 by N US. lot «. bloc'i
5. amended map of blocks S and 6. Barker
Tract. Berkeley; $100.
Amelia Williams (widow) to> John Baader.
lot on X line of Handy street. 78. (JO S of Its
intersection wi^h W line of Lortn, Villa Tract
E 40. N 99.4O. SW 40. S 99.40. lot 22. mag
Lortn Villa Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Olive J. Stewart (widow) to Frank %, Es
mond, lot on W lino of Shattuck avenue, 80 >j
of Blake street. W 137.56. N 29.92. E 139.79
8 30 to beginning, portion of plat 68, Kel
lersberser's map of Ranehos V. and D. Pe
ralta. Berkeley; $1SCO.
Same to Ellas O. Smith. lot on S ltne of
Huso street. 06 E of Fifth avenue. E 25 by 3
110; $10.
Same to Thomas H. Prayj lot on W lin_ of
Fourth avenue, 75 N of Hugo street. N 25 by
W 95: $10.
Same to Ernest and Emma SI. Jaeobaeji. lot
on S line of H street. 82:6 W of Fourth ave
nue. W 25 by S 93; $10.
Sam* to Charles F. Noura*. lot on SE corner
of Fifth avenue and H street. E 32:6 by S 95;
$10.
Lambert. William N. and Josephine Vaa
Laak to Eveline V. Hanford. lot on 3 line of
Thirteenth avenue. 240 E of P street. E SO by
5 100. block 265. CVNell and Haley Tract; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Phlllp> R. Petcrmen, lot oa
NW line of Chenery street. 8SS SW of Rosvnoke.
SW 25 by N W 10O. lot 159. block 3. FaJrmount
Land A#.cciatlon; $10.
S. Ducas Company (a corporation) to Kaut
Ulsaker. tot on W line of Kosciuliko strvat. 225'
6 of Crescent, S 25 by W 70. lot 232, HoUiday
map A; $10.
Josephine Lefrass* to Margaret Doorherty.
lot on E line of Adam street. 83 S of Army.
S 25 by E 67. lots 242 to 245 and 831; $10.
Richard J. Montgomery (single) to J. J.
CNeil < single), lot on N line of Forty-second
street. 290 W of Market. W 80 by N 1<XX lot
24, block 2094. Aldan Tract at Temsacal. deed
given to correct description In 959 D. 6S, Oak
land; $10.
Josephine and Junet A. Kane to May K.
Roberts (single)., lot on XE line of Ekst Six
teenth, street. 9O SE2 of Tenth avenue* SB 33
NE 10O. NW 25. SW 80. NW 1O. 8W 70; block
87, Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Samuel H. and Harriet M. Llngard to Mar?
E. Hlzar. lot on N line of Rose street. BO W
of Mllvla. W 40 by N 100. portion of lot »
and block 18. property of Berkeley Villa As
sociation. Berkeley; $10.
Emllle A. Bertsch (wife erf William H.) and
Charles 9. TrJnJer to F. T>. Cb&ae. lot on, N
line of Vine street. 12O W of "Walnut. W »O
by N 75. portion of lots 18, 19 and 20, block
4 map resubdlvlston of blocks) 8 and 4, Anti
sell Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Su*an T. Wood to Samuel A. Wood Jr.. lot
16. block 329. Great Park Homestead Associa
tion; 510.
Same to> William F. Wood, lot 2. block 325.
same; $10.
Bay District Land Company to Fernando
Neljon. lot on NW corner of Second avenue
and C street. N €C0 by W 120; also lot on NW
corner of Second avenue and B street. N 600 by
¦TO- 120, also lot en NW corner of Second ave
nue and A street. W 132:«. N 10O E 12:6. N
26S:7. E 12O. S 2(3:7; $10.
A. E. and Rose A. Buckingham to Oscar H.
McOee and William X. Canfleld. lot on W lin«
of Tenth avenue. 350 S of H street, S 25 by W
120: $10.
City Realty Company to John W. and
Georgia A. Caples. lot on 8 line of H street,
67:6 E of Fifth avenue. E 25 by S 93: $10.
John and Meta Burgoyne to Augusta Olsen
(wif* of Andrew). lot on W line of Sixth ave
nue. 275 S cf A street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to John D. Meinhardt. lot on W line
of Sixth avenue, 250 S of A street. S 23 by W
120; S10.
William W. and Carrie E. Rednall to Luigi
Masarle, lot on E line of Wisconsin street.
325 N of Twenty-fifth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Hazel Inlow to Julia I* Inlow. lot on W
line of Sixth avenue. 197 N of Lake street.
N 28 by W 120: $ir>.
Frederick W. and May E. Bridgo to> Georjra
Tourny. lot on E line of Twenty-seventh are
im». 325 N of California street. N 50 by E 120;
$10.
Louis P. and Minnie G. Kerner to Xfarcaret
Brodrick. lot on SE corner of Seventh avenue
and California street. S 100 by E 120: $10.
William E. and Augusta Denn!son to- Robert
I*. Tay4V>r, lot on W line of Ninth avenue. 150
N of A street. N 2* by W 120: $10.
WEDNESDAY. MARCH X
A*__- A. Scoble to G F H.mco. tot « W
Hn« of FUlmore -treet. 65 S of Feu. » w «v
street. N 137:6 by W 137:8; *»t. ifcA , 1 ,, te1 .
.t^£ «**¦&•* fits «a^s
and Mary E. Tinney <Brady) < wl £ .j*,?! 01^
W.) to George W. and Emma L. Topplinj. lot
on NE corner of EU1« and BroderlcH strwu.
E 37:8 by N 112:6: $10. wrotirh-
Gussie M. Broushton to Teresa A.
ton. undivided half of lot on N line^ of Jac^
son street. Ill W of Broderick. N 100 by W
Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to Margaret A. Kelso. lot on N Une of tnlon
street. 75 E of Baker. E 25 by N W. I™
Charlotte A. Jone. to Oleana . W. Eccles ( wli«
of Christopher), lot on W line of *•**£*
street. 37:« S of Page. S 27:6 by W f ' : „ W
C. il.-Mann to Hattle G. Mann, lot on £
line- of Walnut street. 127:814 N of TVaahlng
ton. N 27:8>i by W 137:6: gift.
E. Dora and A. D. Cutler to Joseph A. SBe I
don. lot on NE corner of Clay and Locu«t
streets E 75:6 by N 127:8Vi; $10.
Mary E. R. and Clancy J. . D*"!*""' }%™
SW line of Twelfth street. 137.3O SE of Mis
sion. E — . SE 236. SW 10O. SE IS-1J. 8™
311.97. XW le.VfH, NE 6. SE 14.S3. >» 34.
XW 139 XE 539; also lot on NW corner or
Glen Park avenue and Bond street. N w I 0 --*'
SW 14 SE to Glen Park avenue. & 0:3 Vit«;
Ferdinand and Mary M. Giuliani to August
Rathje. let on E line of Woodward _<•»«"•''»
avenue. 223 N of Fourteenth street. *» 0:4 or
E 70; »10. , ,_, — «-
Patrick Doollne to EH«n Doollng. lot on *«
line o: No* street. 150 3 of Seventeenth. 8 £>
by B 110; »rirt. . - -±l* . ._.__
Charles Welsheimer to HeJena Weisheimer
lot on SE corner of Guerrero- and Alvarado
streets. S 83 by E 6O; »tft. _ .
Jesale J. and Giuseppe Liuzza to J. T. FUl
ler. lot on N line of Twenty-eighth street. -OU
E of Dolores, E 25 by N 114, quitclaim dee«.
James H. and Ida M. Duncan to McEwea
Bros, (corporation), lot on N line of - T A ™V
street. 106:8 W of Church. W 63:4 by N 114.
Julius and Margaret J. Louis (Cord) to An
tonio Fodera. undivided one-half of lot on a
line of Alta street. 230:7 E of Montgomery.
E 22:2& by 8 60; $10. ,,
Antonio Fodera to James A. Deroto. undi
vided one-half of same: $10.
Miranda Weller to Alexandra and Antoni*
Vayssie. lot on NW corner of Montgomery
street and Broadway. W 41 to alley 4 feet
wide by N 137:6. and use of altey; lift. ....
Annie Favreajra for Fravega). Mamie. AI
blna, Stella. Stephen. Joseph. John and Frank
EacUaluDl to Maddellna Bacigalupl. lot on
W line of Lafayette place, 60 S of Union
street. 8 2O by W «O: aJ«o lot on W line of
Lafayette place. feO 8 of Union street, S 14:19
by W 62:6; $ .
John E. Orphant to Frank W. JlcBwta. lot
on SE line of Federal street. 209 SW of Ftrst,
SW 44 by SE 80. $10.
Thomas Wilson to Robert O. Wilson, lot ca
SE line of Shipley street. 125 JfBJ of Fifth.
NE 25 by SE 75. $10.
Henry and Eda Icketheimer to Mark J.
Platshek. lot on NW comer of Bryant ana
Eighteenth street, W 100 by N 100: also lot
on NW lln* of Brunswick street. 178 SW of
Lowell, SW 178 by NW 213. lots 49 and 47.
West End Homestead: also lot on NW line of
Morse street, 3S0 NE of Lowell. NE 90. NTT
239:8. SW 100:6. SB 194. subdivision 61 of
West End Homestead, exoept portion taken
for widening of Mission street; $5.
William R. Connolly and Mary A. MeCreagh
(wife of John) to R. H. Warfleld. lot on E line
of Bryant avenue. 6S:9 N of Eighteenth street.
N 68:3 by E 135; $10.
John and Johanna Mulcare to Mareell*
Klnerr (wife of Albert), lot on NW corner of
Twenty-fourth and Vermont streets. "W 25 by
N 100; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIOXS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY; MARCH 3, 1904.
TWO OVERDUES REACH DESTINATIONS
AND PARIS IS DECLARED MISSING
14
ROOM? TO LET^— Fern, and Pnf art-.
VAN NESS ave., 519 — Blegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for offlc, or club.
VAJC NESS av*.. $07— Elegant front etilte, $30;
also hoi:srk«-rpi_K rowms; call after 3 o'clock.
VAX TVlNKEIi. 207 Jones — Xleely furnlahed
rooms. $2: sunny Fnltea, $5 per week; bath?.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d «t.. near Market—
Moet convenient and respectaile; 700 rooms;
• _*c to 31 50 night; *_ to $8 week; elevator;
«lec. llfhtf : rf-a<J!r.B-room; free bus; baggage.
\VO_P Hcuw, _f»2 Elxth— Electric lijrht In every
room; 15c to $1 a nlpht; 75c to fi a. week;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
A BRANCH effle* of The Call for the reception
cf advertisenripnte and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
KOTKL. HATTON*
C77 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
fruites; private lathy; ail modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70«.
EARLCOURT. ~ ~~
Kill PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL,
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERYTHING
. NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
ATHERTON (Thf). 1661 Octavla, near Sutter —
Large sunny airy suites and single rooms;
beautiful lawn; excellent board; reas. rates.
HOWARD. MIA — Firet-dact board ¦with room,
(ingle or <!o_b!p. $1 50-$5 week; American
family; home cocking: homa comforts; plane
DORLAND. 21 — Nicely furnished room and
board for married couple or 2 gentlemen;
fcrme rriviles'-s: references required.
JCICELY furr.ifbed front room; one or two
ger.tlpmen; with or without board. 1402
TV-?hinrton ft.
THE AUDfBON. cor. Hyde and California—
Pleasant roros new vacant; suite or single;
excellent beard.
NICELY furnished. Funny rooms, with board;
private family; tern:* reasonable. 925 O'Far.
rell et.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41« Putter— Sunny rooms;
excellent tabl"; from $40; single $25.
JONE5. f,1t — Young lady working day time,
fan have room. 2 meals; $16 month.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Elegantly furnished
fuitti!. wltn baths; alto single; homelike.
Gcldm Gate ave.. 1224 — Nicely furnished room
with board: modern conveniences; gentleman.
Stevenson mansion. P07 California — Fine rooms;
new cnefe; colored service; table specialty.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r»celvea st Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS A.\n BOARD WAXTED.
TV ANTED — Bo&rd and rooms for man and
wife and grown daughter; boarding-house or
hotel preferred; must be modern and flrst-
cla-->; rtait rates. Bex 2SG4. Call office.
BOARD and room wanted for a gentleman
(American) in walking dlstasce of Third
and Market *u. Box 25S4. Call office.
GENTLEMAN wishes beard and room In a re- .
¦ fined rrivate family. Address box 2610. Call.
ROOMS WAXTED.
WASTED — 4 unfurnished rooms around Hayer
Valley. Aairert McN.. CS Tiffany ave.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
l_tc>s: Cfcichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are bfft: Fafp. re'lable: take no other. Send 4c j
. mmj* for riartirular?. "Relief for Ladies"
in letter by reTurn mail. Ask your druggist. 1
f'hichffter Oiemical Co., Philadelphia, Pa. •
LADIES, send you address to 1126 Market St., !
P. F.. valuable information; room 2.
STI/1TKRIXG AXD STAMMKRINO.
MELBOURNE Fchool. \"an Ness-Market — Cure j
in every caff, individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure. |
TV KE WRITER^ AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally pood No. 2 Reminjrton. No. 1 i
.Sir.ith Premier, $25; other typewriters at i
higher and lower price*; rentals $2 50. The |
Tx-p«?wrlter E-char.yp. -Jti California st. i
A FEW goo-1 typewriters at $30 each; get par- I
. tkulars cf L. _: M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont- '
connery i-t. ;
_r>-HAXD typewriters sold, rented, rpr-lred.
. V. fbi-ier Tjp^writcr Inspec. Co.. 50S Market.
31ARRIAGE LICENSES.
• The following marriage licenses were issued
:>'*Mcrd_y:
An_r*w S. Johnson. 23. Grand Hotel, and
.Clara Bunnell. 19. «%01 Geary street.
Frank A. Murray. _3. Vallrjo. and J*«s!e C.
fc-p^nce-r. IS. Vallojo.
P. Bum McAtee. 54. 44 Third street, and
Elous* s. de Vdex, 29, Oakland.
John F. rord. 52, Kedwcod City, and Mary i
F. Lcnp, 4.V city.
"., ..Pletro Biancht. 25. Pcint Arena, and Maria
.afazzucchl. m. Gorreno. Italj-.
<*harl.-s OaviFsajn, .12. 51S Bus.li street, and
-EilT_iboth Mathem-c, 29. 1774 Burti street.
Marcus Solomon. 31. 252 'i Clara street, and
Ann!* 1 f'oir.per.. 25, 270 Tenth street.
Otto U Bul, 2-J. CSS Post Ftre^t, and Garnet
J. Baker. 20, 16 Turk street.
G<-orp* Y_ Vandever. 33, city, and Belle
¦ Hirrhberg. 2". city.
Frank E. Raymond. 20. 739 Sixth avenue.
. «LT'l Jmnie- Lally. 2S. 2416 Pine etiwt.
Oor.ion I. HamMin. 21. 7«MS Sutter street,
u.T"i Anna A. Mersi.h. 17. Martinez.
Oennarr* Pitfra. 81. H19A Powell street, I
and A«le!ir» Candioto. 17. 141»A Powell street. |
August Anderson. .16. 2*119 Seventeenth j
*:r*'L antl Anna Braasch. :{0. Bethany.
- EMS-MERIAQES-DEAm
.. Btrth. niarr-.ac-*' and death notices sent by
mall will not »>e in^ertPd. They must be hand". !
In at either of the Dublieation offices and be
.indorsed with- the name and residence of p»r-
•ens authnr-zfd to have the can« published
Notices restricted Dimply to the announcement
of the even* are published once in thi_ column
free of charge. t
BILLING?: — In this city. February 18, 1904,
to tn*> wife of J. c. Billings, a son.
JOHNSON— In this city. February _S. 190*. to
. the wife of J. Johnson, a son.
MAHONKY— In this city. February "9 1904
to the wife cf J. j. Mahoney. a «/n. '
WllJJAMS-l!) th!« city. February 23 1»<M
to th«> v.\i r O f John A Williams.' a son.
PMARKLED.
!OUR-WHEELCCK-In this city. March
U»_. by the Rev. John Ku-phenV. Harry
. ArmiKir of £nn Pfdro. Cal., and Sue
hemlock of K_n Francisco.
•DAVtSSON— MATHEWB— la this city March
. . 2. UOC. by the Rev. John Stephen^ <-Tu?r,,£
liaviiiran and Eiizabcth Mathews, b.nh of
fean r rancisco.
J»4 by the itev. O. Groonsb-rg Melvin
l>avi? and Ida Wilson. -• " a " n
HMMENS— THItTLCTON-In this city Feb-
ruary _1. l»n. by th» H»v. Dr. Burr'willi-
Mmmrps an-1 MaM L. Thlgtl^ton
DIED.
f, d !! mf ' c John Q ' Manning, Jeremiah '
*?.'"' ? a ? Uf ' McCabcf Owen
. lUiley. John H. McNab \ndrew M
KannJiw. Edward J. Mo rart mLw I.
l^n^^argar.the grtSSWff^
• Ullcn-. Michael Vincr.ni Bortra"d
. nUMrJimjf. Wallin. Sophie W
l<a«ler. M_ry C. Whiting. 1^" a '
. I-inret, Famuel «> w »l nXl t
Mayers. Annie \VuIf, George R.
ADjUHS — In this «-ity, February 29 1904 t h
U Adams, uncle of Fred A. TayloT^nd ,h
Ute C^y W. Taylor, a native of New y O rk
ngid 78 years 4 months and 20 davs • »'
inemler of Shasta Lodge No. 57 j on v !
'^!_i__a and Lake County. Cal.. 'and Howe.il"
Mirh.. paper* please copy.) • mo-,cii.
t2' Friends and acquaintances are resoect
fully invited to attend the funeral toJda V
< Thursday) at. 1:30 o'clock, from he^ or
. :uary chap* rf the Golden Gate Undertaking
...Oompujy. 2475 Mission -treet, near Twenty^
flnt Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery!
HADEN— In thi* city. March 2, 1901 Samuel
t*lor*d bartwa of Lena Baden. anifXV '
m«n^ Bad€n> a naUve °* ™ T - I
. &*?***** *»<> acquaintances are re»i>ect '
fully invited to attend the funeral scr'-Ws
la IIMNlilM (Friday), at 1O:3O o'clock at hi_ i
late residence. 1<CS Stelner etreet. undf-r t"i" '
*ut pice, of Fidelity Lodse No. 120, F. an_
l.-AILEY-ln this city. March 1, IJXM. J oh n
• H"ii B * ll ?"*«S eloved fatb * r of William J
K"»2 c ' Chlc **°- Mrs. Georjre Hcbbs uf
Kansas City _. n j Mrs. N. R. Lobb of th"_ •
•it>. x native of Kentucky, aged 77 vear_ i
rl^c^y"/" 1 ° dayS " tKMSa » C"y' ~r*™ |
f.^T^ e^ d^ " nd are respect-?
7r H J Ht _ 10 oV1 <>ck. from tb* residence
¦>f Mf daurhtrr. Mrs. N. n. Lobb 9_7
Alabama rtrert. Interment Cyprus I_,wn
anT'Town.^ 1^^ 1^ ™ r3
¦
urday. March 5. at 9 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are Invited to, attend.
BUCKLEY— In this city, March 1. 1904, Lil-
lian G..' dearly beloved daughter of Daniel
and the late Delia Buckley, and sister of
Mrs. N. J. Blake, Oeorire A. and Frank E.
Buckley and Mrs. J. Arthur Deerlng, a na-
tlve of San Francisco.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resrt-
denc_ of her sister, Mrs. J. Arthur Deering,
477 Guerrero street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. '¦¦&-j7<
CARLYLE — In this city, William Carlyle
brother of Eliza Carlyle, a native of St.
John, New Brunswick, aged 65 year*.
ETThe funeral will take, place to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co,, 767 Mission
street, Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by 11:30 train from Third and Townsend
streets.
DABEL— In Napa. March 1, l»04. Rose Dabel,
beloved wife of George Dabel. and mother of
Willie Dabel, a native of Wurtemberg-, Ger-
many, atred 38 years 11 months and. _ days.
ICT Remains at the funeral parlors of the
H. F. Maafs Company, 017 Missslon street.
DE ZETK— In this city. February 29, 1904.
Albert Joseph de Zeyk, beloved husband of
Laura de Zeyk, a native of Iowa, aged 42
years and 3 momhs. (Washington. D. C,
and Fresno papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited in attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn &. Co.. 214 Eddy I
street Interment Cypreps Lawn Cemetery.
DILLOX — A month's mind requiem mars will
be celebrated en Friday. March 4, at 10
o'clock, at St. Patrick's Church, for the re-
pose of the soul of the lnte Michael Dillon.
Friends are invited to attend.
DOERING— In this city. March 1, 1904, Mar-
garethe, dearly b?loved wife of the late
John Doerlng, loving mother of John. Joseph
and Charles Doerine. and sister of Anton
Haas of Munich. Germany, a native of Ua-
varia, Germany, aged (34 y«ars 2 months and
4 days. (Munich, Germany, papers please
copy- )
E7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), March 4. at r J:3o o'clock, from her
late residence. 15:55 Seventh avenue South,
thence to All Hallows' Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
rejxise of her pouI, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLETCHER— In thi« city, March 2. 1904,
James P.. dear!y beloved and only child of
Llll'.e R. and the late James Fletcher, a
native of San Francisco, aged 6 months.
HASSLER— In Oakland. March 1, 1004, Mary
C. Uassler, beloved daughter of Antone and
Theresa Hassltr. and Fister of John D..
Antone J. and Thomas V. Hassler. a native
of Oakland, aged IS* years 2 months and 27
day*.
C-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on Friday,
March 4, at K:30 o'clock, from her parents'
residence. 1X25 Peralta street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
masE will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul at 9 o'clock- Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland.
LANZET— In Seattle, Wash., March 2. 1904,
Samuel, beloved husband of Rachel Lanzet,
and father of Mrs. Max Benas, Mrs. M. R.
Goldberg, Mrs. B. 8. Dickhoff and Markus
and Annette Lanzet, a native of Austria.
a£ed t57 years.
MANNING— In thi_ city, March 2, 1004, at
Ills re-sldenee. 1227 Ellis street. Jeremiah
Manning, beloved brother of Patrick. Delia
and John Manning and Mrs. Nora Keefe. a
native of County Cork, Ireland, a"ed 40
years.
MAYERS— In this city, March 2, 1904, Annie,
beloved wife of the late James Mayers, and
tfevoted mother of Thomas and Annie
Mayors and Mrs. J. R. Matheson. a native
of County Waterford, Ireland, aged 62 years.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFaJden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
I thenr« to St. Patrick's Church, where a
reyui^m high mass will be celebrated for the
; repoce of her soul, commtnetng at 'J o'clock.
i Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
! McCABR— -In this city, March 2, 1904. at hii
residence. _l»15 Mission street, Owen, be-
loved husband of Kllen McCabe. a native oC
County Cavan. Ireland.
CL? Notice of funeral hereafter.
McNAB— In this city. March 1, 1904, Andrew
I Mitchell McNab. iather of Mrs. T. A. Davi»»
of Seattle and W. C. Mitchell and Mrs.
H. Macrae, a native cf Scotland, aged 66
jears.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of CraiE. Cochran& Co., 429 Golden Gate
av<nu<\ between Polk and Larkin. Inter-
; m«>rit Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
I MOZART— Passed to higher life "in this city,
March 1, 1JHH, Mary L.. beloved wife of Ed-
win H. Mozart, a native of Ohio, aged 60
¦ years 3 months and 3 days.
d?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to att« nd the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 1:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
d«-n<*. 1424 McAllister street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by special train
from Third and Tcm\nsend streets
.Ml'RISOX-In this city. March 1. 1904 .Wil-
liam Alexander, son of the late John B
Murison. and brother of Elizabeth L. and
Grace A. Murison, a native of New . Or-
leans, La.
C7Fuiw?ral cervices at Trinity Episcopal
f'hurch to-day (Thursday), at 11 o'clock.
Interment private.
! MYERS— In this city, March 1. 1904 Ann
Myera, relict of the late Frank Myers, a
native of County Rcseommon, Ireland aged
hi years.
iryp'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Thursday), at » o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadder., McBrtarty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to £t. Patrick's Church, where a
requiem hit-h mass will be celebrated for
the' repoFe of her soul, commencing at 0:30
O Clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery'.
RADGESKY- In this city, March 1. 1904.
Kiizabeth Radtresky, - relict of the late
Adolph Radgcsky. a native of Prussia, aged
! «S years.
! (ETFuneral services and interment private.
; ST. JOHN— In this «ity, March 2. 1904, Wil-
liam Geonre nandolph £t. John, dearly be-
loved and only child of William and Agnes
fct. John, and beloved grandson of John P.
and Marion Wleboldt. a native of San Fran-
cisco, ased C months and 2 days.
THOMAS— In Ea-t Oakland, March 2 1904
at 1^09 Twelfth avenue. Stephen, beloved
. husband of .Sarah R. Thomas, a native of
Lnglajid. aged 54 years 11 months and 29
! days.
VINCENT— In this city. March 2. 1904 Ber-
trand \ :ncent, beloved husband of Louise
Vincent, and fatiur of Mathilda, Charles. I
Arnold and the late Henry Vincent, a na- !
£__ of F ™ nce - a «f«"l « years. (San Joss
M«»roury please copy.) -
Cp-Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday, j
March 4. fit 10 O'clock, from the mortuary I
chapel of Julius 6. Godeau. :>05 Montgomery
avrnur. where services will be held under
the auFDlccs of the Board of Rnlief of Odd
Fellows. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
£- L H N V~ In thlR clty > March 2. 1901. Sophie
V\ .. beloved wife cf the late John Wallin.
and ,.."'" tfc f r ol John E. and Charles E.
f^-'.'", a "J. M "; I . 5 " bert Kli » a tein, a native
of r Inland, aged 01 years.
(p- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 10 c clock, from th<? residence of h*r
dauiiht- r. lira. Robert Klii*tein. 523*. Bry-
¦nr street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
XV -r'^ Ht l J^~ ln tMs cltJ - Man h -• ~~*0*. William
rbeodore, youngest and dearly beloved boh
cf Jacob A. and Mathilda \\>s.« ( .| and 7e-
na 1 v.r/ h 7 Of p 1 ' n T and lmM w *««l a
»oX»iToi. r r, i : cI ' co - aecd g >ear8 a
WHITING— In this city. March 1, 1904 Delia
• oarly Gloved wife of David W WhYti , g"
of Mrs. Louisa Pcrata and the
'•''^ Pcrata. and sister of August
Lmil, Fred Stella. Virginia and Paul Pe-
[•h_Vi* E V Mr "' Ueorse McCmcken. Mrs
a na he n°f n tr rV \- and Mr6 " John Whltln™
a nati\e of han Francisco, ago u 27 years _
; months and 2« days., «>-"-' years _
" f,^T riC ,T A I and ac i ua 'ntances are rcspec_-
.Vli, i l K? lo , aU(n ' 1 t^ funeral to-morrow
ilarrh 4. at 10 o'clock, from her
mother a «. s ,d^noe. 420 Vallojo street, be-
twr-Hn Kearny un.l Mf-ntaomery, thence to
Forerter*-, Hall. K-, O'Farrcll street where
WVLF-In this <ity. March 1, 1904, George
5"«S?KSi225S? of Cora WuIf - a natlf:
e-^ J> ""V? in:5 al . lhe "ortuary chapel of tho
Golden Oate Undertaking Company, 2173
M;gsio n street. :icar Twe-nty-flrst.
F. J. Monahan. Mana K cr. Tel. Mission 31
MONAHAN, O'HAKA & CO.
* L ? !E£ :A ?J. |J "? K '"TOKS AND EMBALMERS.
—*---—«« i.^ion bt.. n e _ r Nineteenth.
• n Francisco.
I ¦""'"'"" *)V«» :i - Henry 'Han-en, tj
JAMES MrGINN & CO B
hcrTiirrly WUh •McGinn Urea. U
I * v 2f1*} Directors and Embalmcrs A
B -?t l.iMy st.: T<>l. .South _7ti. j
Drh-ffat.s itctiirti'; to I lie '-Convention.
OMAHA. March 2.-Whon the Farm-
ers' Co-operative i, # onvenlion convened
to-day the delegates \vho left the hall
yesterday ramp back and joined forces
with the majority. The constitution
and by-laws were adopted and a baard
of nine directors ejected. H. N. Gaincs
of Toot- lea, Kans.,, was made chairman
of thn board and cjnnowcr.d to pro-
ceed with the incorporation under, the
name of the . Farmers' , National Kx-
chanpe Company. Nearly all the dele-
gale, present subscribed for stock. .'• Provieior* were subjected to heavy > liquida
tion at the outset. Much of the selling press
ure-was due to the weakness, in coarse grains
and to decline In hog prices at the yards.
Packers aud foreigners became active' buyers
Oats were extremely weak early in the day
on heavy profit-taking credited to the principal
holder. May closed i£®%c higher, at 42'/4<g>
42%c. July showed a net gain of i£c. closing
at 3O9ic.
CHICAGO, March 2. — Perhaps the feature
that attracted meet attention from wheat
traders was the Gcvernment crop report, which
In its general summing up of the appearance
of winter wheat stated that the condition of
the olant was unpromising over much-- tho
greater part of the wheat belt, because of se
vere weather without snow covering. The «ie
rlouimeM of the Argentine railroad otrlke was
emphasized ajiew in a cable dispatch from
Liverpool stating that a fear of a curtailment
of wheat shipments from Argentina on ac
count of the ctrlke caused relative strength in
English markets In the facn of the sharp d<>
rllno here yesterday. Under thes*« . influences
the market ' onened strong, with May up
KiflVic, at J)894(g:«»c. and July %«S>Y*c higher^
at 02Vt©02>4c The May option soon lost all
Its initial gain, developing decided weakm>sR
on fffneral liquidation. Before any »«upport
came Into olay prices had dropped to »?Vic, a
loss of l*ic from the opening high price. With
the timid longs quite thoroughly aolrt out, of
fering* becarac scarce, and tho price gradu
ally worked its way toward a higher level. The
more distant deliveries held firm In rjiite of
the early decline In May, commission houses
being active buyers of both July and Septem
ber. The market later became strong. One of
the features in the late strength was a marked
improvement in the export demand. Prospects
of o cold wave in the Southwest gave added
zest to the buying, the volume of business
reaching a large total. Th* close was almost
at tho ton. After selling to 904c, final fig
ures on May were itOVic July closed at the
high point, at 05Wc Weakness prevailed in
corn diirlnr the opening hour, due to heavy
liquidation.- The strength 'In wheat, however,
caused an lmoroved demand. The close was
at the ton price of the day. May closing at
554©f»5Wc. July closed at 54c, after gelling
between 52 He and 54c.
Future Grain and Provisions.
.RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard, grades, - 50-ib cases — 2
crpwn, Loose 'Muscatels.- -5i(c- /per ¦-• lb:
3-crown. 5%c; : 4-crown, ts^c;- Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 4Vic; Seedless floated, 4 He; 2-crown
Malaga loose. : tic; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
There was a fair movement in th«» standard I
and choice grades ,r>f Navel Oranges under a !
good demand from small retailers and peddlers j
and prices of such fruit were steady. There ¦
was a fair demand for shipment to Honolulu
and the steamer sailing to-day will take out j
some large. shipments. Fancy stock was neg
lectid, but firmly held, supplies being com- |
paratlvely light. Five cars cf .standard ami
choice Navels and one car of extra fancy. Red
lands fruit were sold at auction. The car of
extra fancy stock ; sold at $1 404T2 40. the
managers of the auction taking all but twenty
boxes. The bidding on the other five cars wn»
fairly brisk. Choice sold from 90c to $1 to '
and standard from 75c to $1 15. The other
Citrus fruits had no noteworthy chango.
There was nothing new to report in Apple*.
Supplies of all grades were well up to re
quirements.
APPLES — $1 75472. per box for extra fancy:
$1 25®1 CO fo« ordinary fancy. 85c®$l for
choice and .*!5<5C5c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellta fr"om cold storage (re
packed). $2 WKfr:l ¦ per bo*. ,
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 C0<ff2 V»
per box for fancy, $l(iM CO for choice and 8oc€>
$1 10 for standards: Seedlings. 50cS!$l:- Tan
gerines. 75c&$l 25 per box: Lemons. $1 7."wTf2 50
for fancy, $1 25©1 50 for choice and*73c«?$l for :
standard; Grape Fruit. $1 25ft2 25; Mexican i
Limes. fC@O fiO: Bananas. $l«j!2 per bunch for I
Hawaiian and ?1 . r .0iTf2 25 for Central Ameri
can; Pineapples. $1 6C02 50 per dozen. • I
. '¦ — — — — ' .. j
Dried\ Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honc\
- . ¦ .• . . " ¦ ;..-.,.
FRUIT— Apricots. 8 1 /5@104c for Royals and i
9®12c for Moorparks? Evaporated Apples. 4U@
5%c; sun-dried, U^^Vicf Peaches^ 5if74c; I
Pears 8©11 lie;.. Nectarines. : 5@5»4c: Figs,
white 3©4c In boxea; black. 4%c; Plums.plt
ted. 5@8c ' per ¦ In. , ¦ • - ,
, PRUNES--1003 crop. 24<52%c for the four
sizes. *
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
• ' Alnc York Money Market.
NEW YOHK. March ?.— cWe: Money on
rail— Ksry. 1 '.ftr |*»r cent: closing bid, 1«4;
ofT'Ted at l^i per cent.
Time loans— nafy and dull: *ixty 3 r-r
r«T.t: r.inrty Vlaya, 34 percent; six rr.oiit'h« 4S
<¦/, per cent. ' w
•Prime mercantile paper— I %«?.'. 14 pPr e,.,^
Fterlinr Ei: hanRp— Pi»»<Jy. with actual busl
r.e-r* 'a bank»»V. Mils at *4.RCT>O?r«..s<K>;> for «le
.rs«n'5 and at $4.R.':<;T>e4.S37© for irixty-dav Mil*
Posted rate* — $4 M*4 «ind $4 R714 -
ComrnwIaJ Mils— $t «>.i??4 S3%."
Par silver — T.7%c.
Mexican dollars — *5Uc.
.. Fionas — Government, rteady; railroad, firmer." "
Ne:v York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, March 2. — Th* stock market
continues- ftet and lifeless. The feeble oscilla
tion In prices i S not sufficient to offer any
marfla of profit over the expense of com-
EASTERN 3IAB.KETS. |
Open. , High. Low. Close.
May $1 07»i 81 07U $1 07 $1 07U
December — No sales.
No afternoon session.
OATS — It Was reported on 'Change yesterday
that the Government Is In the northern market
for 2500 tons and that there Is also a foreign
order there for 1000 .tons. The latter Is pre
sumbed to be for Oriental account. -Oats are
idling up north at .f24 W) per ton. equivalent
to $1 35 here, so . whlpments from . northern
points to this nmrket am not likely to be
heavy, at least for the present. In fact. Oats
en route from there to this market have been
ordered withdrawn from sale until further In
structions. The bulk of our local stock is held
by the millers, so that It will be seen that tho
situation Is firm nil around. ¦
White, $1 27401 37%; Black. _ $1 25@1 65;
Red. $1 25<ftl ;S5; Gr*.y..$l :t»4 per ctl.
COHN— Hellers report buyer* coming to the
front and paying full aslting prices without de
mur. This ehows a better demand. Quotations
•continue as before. '
Western sacked. $1 374<$1 40 for Yellow,
$1 374@1 40 for Whlto nnd *1 35 forMlxrd:
California large yellow. $1 37 4© 1 424; small
round do. $1 00; White. $1 374@1 40 per ctl:
Egyptian,. $1 45©1 50 for white and $1 27%@
1 30 for brown. ' , • ,
T RYE— $1 -80fll 324- per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75&2 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Sesslon*9 to .11:30 a. m
Feed $1 OS-^rtfl 1114J Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 16«1 174; Chevalier. $1 174@1 40 for
fair to choice.
CAfJII BARLEY,
Oprn. High. Low. Close.
May $1 45 $1 46% $1 1)t; | t iiV
December ... 1 42 1 42 "4 1 41% 1 42
Board adjourned at noon to allow the mem
bers to attend the funeral ot the late George
P. Morrow.^
BARLEY— Futures were slightly higher
agHln. The cosh market fxhlbited several note
worthy features. One was the statement that
ICOO. tons hud just been sold for shipment to
Australia and another was a demand for bright
Fe<>d for Honolulu, mentioned several dHys ago.
It appears that Honolulu has for some months
be»n getting its Barley up in «ho two northern
State*, but has left there and come Into this
market, where It can do better. Barley Is
woitH $1 12'/i@l ir> up there, and the freight
to Honolulu is higher, than from San Fran
cloco, so this market Is now grttlngr the busi
ness. /
FUTURES.
Frsslon 9 to 11:30 a. m
California Club, $1 424^1 47»i; California
White Australian. $1 024©l 574; Northern
Club. $1 424^1 474: Northern Hluestem,
$1 B24#l 574 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT.
, WHEAT — The foreign markets, continued
quiet and featureless. { A cable from the Ar
gentine said that there was no prospect of a
settlement of the railroad strike, which has
assumed very serious proportions,- traffic being
paralyzed.
Chicago was 24c higher on the day, with no
news worthy of note. - j . ,
In this market futures were higher, but the
demand for cash Wheat was light, as next
Jlondny is tax assessment day and nobody
wants to own any more Wheat than he can
avoid on that day. '
Wheat and Other. Grains.
Exchange rates remain a« before. Silver is
%c higher. .
Sterling Kxchange. sixty days . — $4 8*4
Sterling Kxcjiange. sight .... — 487%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 gs^j
New York Exchange, sight — ]5
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 174
Silver, per ounce 5"Ts
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 474
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MAliKETS.
The situation In Cheese Is like that In Kcga.
the market being glutted and 'leniorallzvil,
with buyers scarce and holding off. The low
prices do net f*>em to tempt them.
¦ Butter has turned weak a^nln, and some
dealers are shading the quotations to sell. It
was reported yesterday that strictly choice
creamery had been offered down to 21c. The
demand is slow and stocks are large.
¦ Receipts w«re 41, (KW lbs Uutter, I." 13 cases
Eggs and 33, WO lbs Cheese.
UUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 22lA^23c
for extras. 21c for firsts and 2f>c for sec
onds; dairy. 18!ff20c; store Butter, nominal;
cold storage. 20«21c for extras. lS<S10c for
seconds nnd lfiffHSc for ladle-packed.
CHEESE— R4S?10c for good to fholce new
anJ 74/ 8c for lower grades; Yow.g Americas.
lOifllc; Eastern, 15!ffl«c; Western, 14@15c
Pe KGGS— Ranch, lG@18c; store, 15@10c per
dozen.
. The depression In Eggs continues. Receipts
continue very heavy and the accumulation of
stock here i;, formidable. Great piles arc to be
sefcn 111 all the large commission houses, and
as Is always the case when the market is going
down everybody Is afraid to buy. Storing
would relieve the market, but most dealers
are afraid to store now. as Eggs that are stored
thus early In the season are not likely to keep.
This glut of Krss hnppf>ns tvery. yoar about
fhis time, but it seems to.be rather more pro
nounced this >THr than usual.
Butter,' Cheese and Eggs.
Three cars of Western Poultry were on sale,
making four for the week., and fts the demand
was less urgent than previously the market
developed a weaker tone. Young J>tock was
in comparatively light supply and firmly held,
but old Hens and Roosters, which constituted
the bulk of the supplies, were Inclined to cosi
ness and could be bought at concessions. Two
cases of dressed Turkeys caVne in. Game was
unchanged, with the dfmand and supply about
balancing.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 20ffl22c per lb;
live Turkeys. lKfil7c per lb: Geese, per pair,
$L'lB2 25; Goslings, ; " Duckn. $5 50© « 50
per dozen for old and ?« f>0i&7 50 for young;
HenF. $(i 5&S7 50 for largr an<1 ?5 50<pG 50 for
small; young . Roosters. J><5 6O©7 30; old Roos
ters. $5 50(T/«: Frvers. Stfifttt 50: Broiler*. liVf?
!t 50 for large and $4 5<:tfJ3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 26$1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25<&2 50
for Squabs.
GAMK — Gray Gee»e. $:; per doz; White' Geese
$l(ffl 50; Brant. $1 50 for small and $2 30 for
large; Honkers. $4 for small nnd $5 for large;
Rabbits. $1 50Jji2 for Cottontails and $1@1 23
for Brush; Hare, $1 2.*®1 50.
Poultry and Game.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 640
7c per lb; White Lead. t>4@Tc.\ according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar- Refining Com.
pany quotes an follows, pr lb. In ICO-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed ami Fine Crushed.- 3.55c;
Powdered. 5.40c; Candy Granulated. 5.40c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.30c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5,;>0c: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulated
UOO-lb bags only), 5.10c; Confectioners' A,
S.Sflc; Magnolia A. 4.90c; Extra C. 4.S0c;
Golden C. 4.70o; "D." 4.60c; barrels. 10c more;
half b»rrels. 25c more; boxes. 5Oc more; 5O-lb
Imps. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels.. S-SOe; boxes, 6.03c; H. A E. Crystal
I), miner. M.3Pc per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Most descriptions have
been advanced Vi©4c. Bundles, per lb. 44c;
cases, regular, .5 '4c; ca*es. extra large, 54<r:
Eastern style. OV'ic; boneless. CUc; "Norway."
tlV»c: "Narrow Gauge." 0?«c; "Silver King,"
74c: blocks. "Oriental." «Hc; blocks. "Sea
bright." «*»c; tablets, 7c; middles. 708*ir;
fancy boneless. 81468140: pickled Cod. bbh», $S;
pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 75.
BAGS — Grain Bass. 8»4@3*r;e spot "and 54c
June-July; San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags.
32933c: Fleece Twine, 74©Sc.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. 16 50; Bryant. |6 50- Bea
ver Hill. $0: Standard. $7; Roslyn, |7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. 57: Wallsend. $7; Richmond
$7 SO; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14.
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
?11 oO; Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Cok*. $11 ZxtdtVi
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, ?11 43 per 2C00 lbs and $12 80
per long ton, according to brand.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the last
mail per steamer Ventura there has been but
one arrival of coal from Australia, vli. : The
Drumcraig from Sydney, with 547 tons of coal
and 22S2 tons of coke. Within the past two
months we have had but two arrivals of Co
lonial coal, amounting to 3747 tons, hence the
stock of Australian on hand has materially
diminished. In fact there Is absolutely no
Australian steam grades whatever in first
hands. If It were not for the liberal arrivals
of Coast coal there would have been a marked
advance In valuen, but with fuel oil as a
competitor there is no noticeable change In
price. There are at present reperted on the
chartered list to load coal fropi Newcastle six
teen vessels, with a carrying capacity of
about ItO.CCO tons, and some of these will not
arrive hore before the latter part of this year,
hr.nce Colonial coal Is only a small factor
In establishing local values. Almost all the
transportation from our northern collieries is
being done by steam, at low rates of freight,
so that the future grades of foreign coal will
be best adapted fcr domestic uses only,* and
British Columbia and Washington will pro
vide about all that Is utilised for steam. We
have had a succession of rain storms locally
for the past several weeks, which has called
Into requisition an increased consumption of
fuel for house purposes."
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add f«c; Linseed. 4t»c per gallon for boiled and
17c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers" AA. 91 K-1?I 12;. Lucol. 4Jc for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. «0t?70c per gallon:
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. D3o for Ceylon and 55c
for Aubtrnlian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oi!.' Me: natrral winter «perm Oil. SOc: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. B3ci natural Whale
Oil. 6Oc; extra winter strained Lard OH, 75«;
No. 1 Lard Oil. «50c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No 1 Neatsfoot OH. C5c: light Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. -J3c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc;
boiled Fl»h Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled
Paint OH. ."5c; raw Paint Oil. S3c.
COAL OIL— PriCM for Coal Oil are Ic lower.
Water White Coal Oil. In bulk, ltc; Pearl OH,
in cases. 2fiU jC ; Astral. 20'*,c; Star. 204c;
Kxtrn Star. 2»4c; Elaine. 2«iic; Eocene. 2;»4c;
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 16c; In
cares. 224c; Beminc. in bulk. 13c; In casra.
Hi Vic; 80-iegree Caroline In bulk, 23c; in cas?s.
31c.
TURPENTINE— Me per gallon In case* and
7Sc In drums and Iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
WEDNESDAY. March 2—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr COUP..IO74IO8U 4s qr cp newl324 —
4s qr re*...107 41f*o; 3s qr coup. .\M\ilOt
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A XV 5s. — — O T Co 69.119 —
Bay CPC I*. — 102 Do 5s — 112*4
Cal C a 5s. — 104 U Do con 5s. 100 10.-. 4.
Cal O * E g Oceanic 9 3s. — 73
m & ct 5m. 83 05 Om Cable Rs.122 —
Cal-st C 5s.ll«%117H Pac G Im 4s. — • 9T
C C Wat 5s. — 100 <p E Ry 5«.105tJ —
Ed L A P 69.125 131 P A C H «a.lO84 —
F & C H 6s.ll2 — P ft O R 88.118 —
Geary-st Bn.. 45^ 90 Powell -st 6s. — —
H CAS 54«.1O4 — Sac EGAR.Is. 99V A \0O
Do 5s .... B»4 90 SF A SJV5a.llft —
Hon R T 6s.lO6 — Sierra It 6«.1114112ti
L A Elec 5s. — 108 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. .113 — (13C9) ....tOBt* —
L A L Co 6s — — (1010) 1064 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C da
Do gtd 3».ir«\10»4 (19O3)Sr A.ltH% —
LAP lcm 58.101% — U0O3)Sr B.lOaH —
Mkt-st C t>.ll« — <15X)ft) 107 107H
Do lcm 58.114 — (1912) 119 —
MVA / MtT5sl03411t?i SPC 1 eg Sa. — —
NPwR 'of C68.107 — Do stmpd.100% —
Do 5s ....11«H — 9 P B R 6s. 134 — '
N P C R 59.105 — S V W 6«.104% —
N C Ry 5s. — 100 Do4a 2dm. OfP/alOlu;
X S R R 5a. — lOOVi Do 4s 3dm. 99 904
O G L&H Ss.108 — Stkn O&E^s. — ICO
O W «td Ss. — 100 r (1 & K 5S.103U —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 I Port Costa.. — —
Marln Co... — 63 Is V W Co. 40 40t;
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 3%. 4 ; S F G A E. B6 T i 674
Mutual E L. 9 10% Stkn O A E 8 —
Pac L Co... 5«K — lU O A E Co. 30 40
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES!.
BFQ4E.- — I
INSURANCE.
Flrem 1 " Fnd.310 350 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 L P A A... — 179
Anglo-Cat .. 87V» — Mer Trujrt... — 223 '
Bank of Cal. — VJ Merch Ex... — — .
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 3 F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL. — 23C0 Sav A L 80. — 100
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 43O
Mutual Sav. 10O — Union T Co. — — •
8 F Sav U.025 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2C0 Prealdlo .... — 41
Geary — SO
POWDER.
Giant 61 63 | Vigorlt 8'i —
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 20c 40c Kilauea S C. — 9
Hawaiian C. 44^ — MakaweU C. 20 —
Honokaa S C 11*4 12*4 Onomea S C — 27
Hutch SPC 8\* 84 Paauhau 3 C 12% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— — [Oceanic S C. 44 4*;
Cal F C A. 95 — Pac Aux FA. 5 6
Cal Wine A. — 94 Pac C Borx.167 —
MV& MtTm. 97>i — I
Mowing Session.
Board—
30 Alaska Packers' Association. ..130 30
75 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 44 SO
45 Honokaa S Co 11 .">"
25 Paauhaa S P Co 12 12>j
73 Paauhau S P Co 12 23
55 S F Gas A Electric, s 9O .... 57 5* >
25 Spring Valley Water Co 40 25
Street —
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 136 50
$l,C00 Pac Electric Ry 5 per cent. .105 (52!i
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 44 50
85 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 44 374
5O MakaweU 2O CK>
160 Paauhau S P Co 12 SO
6 S F Gas & Electric 57 00 .
20 Spring Valley Water Co 40 0)»
$16,000 Spring Val 4* (2d mtge) 10U 00
Street—
55 Alaska Packers' Association. ..130 50
50 S F Gas A Electric, s 90 57 5O '
91. COO Pac Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 ttt'i
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bay CPC 69.100 — . S P Co 44*. 98 09
B L Wat Ss. — 120 Sun T«l 6s.. 113 —
Cal NW 5».M0 112^i Do 5s 102% —
SF Drdk 5b — 1134 Suttr-st RSs.105 US
SF A NP39.im«lH4 UR of SF 4s. 78? 9 79Ji
S P C R 4s. — 100
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 22 Mils Nat Bk.30O —
Cal Cot Mils. — 95 Nev Nat Bk. — 210
Cal GAECor. 40 — K 8 R R... 11 —
C Jockey Cl. 09 120 X C P Co.. » —
Cal Powder. 125 — Oak Bit Sav.1124 —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T Con. <S5 —
Cal T I A T.115 140 IOOF Hall A 54 —
Cen Bk. Oak 63% — Orpheum Co. — 16%
Chutes Co .. — 8 Pac S Tel C.100 101
City A C Bit. — 112 Paraf Paint. 38 —
East Dynm.150 230 S F Drydock. 60 —
FN Bk Oak.120 — ISF&SJ Coal. — 224
Fischer Thtr. 1 — S J Wat Co. — 10«
Frnch-A Bk.lC5 — SO A MTgb — 1«3
Ga* - Con A. 1»4 21 Swlss-A Bk.114 —
Hono P Co.. 94 — Truck Elec. — 13
Lon* SF Bk. — «0 UR InC pfd. 444 —
Mat Nav Co. — 00 Do com .. 104 —
Afternoon Session.
Street —
96,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 79 00
California Stock & Oil Exchange,
Oil Stock- Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 40
Apollo 45
Associated Trust Certificates. 1»
Aztec 73 SO .
California Standard 12 ....
Caribou 2 00
Central Point Con «7 ....
Chicago Crude 13
Claremont 4!t ....
Esperanza 200
Fulton 3 f»O '
Haoford 143 CO
Home 1 '^» 125
Independence l' ; 17
Junction 13 l>;
Kern 5 OO
Kern River :. 13 W
Monarch (of Arizona) 41 ....
Monte Crlsto 77»i 80
Occidental of W Va 13
Oil City Petroleum 33
Peerlers 13 5O 11 «X>
Keeel Crude 1 »O ....
Senator «3.
Sovereign 47 V*
Sterling 2 85
Superior 06
Toltec 1»
Twenty-eight 4 10 4 30
West Shore 2 «1
Associated Bonds "*4 ••••
Miscellaneous —
Abby Lanil & Imp 1 -T> 1 SS
Chutes Company 7W * .
Fischer's Theater 100 1 75
Northern Cal Power 9 50 9 62*|
SALES.
Morning Session.
200 Sovereign . - . , 49
10O Central Point Con 87
1«K» Oil Ctty Petroleum 31
100 Oil City Petroleum 23
Afternoon Session.
50 Monarch 40
5 Peerless 13 {10
1 Hanford 140 OO
1000 Chicago Crude 10
10O Kern Oil 4 W>
10O Kern OH IM
' 450 Kern CHI SCO
150O Toltec If>
1000 Associated Bonds 73
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were th« salea on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 32 10O Overman 3d
100 Calf donia ...120 700 Savage 57
coo Mexican . 175 100 Union Con .. 85
1C0 Ophlr i "0 100 Utah 23
Afternoon Session.
SCO Andes 47 10rt Savage »7
10O Andes 48 100 Savage ...... ss
300 Belcher 31 300 Scorpion ft:
2O0 Con C A Va.l «."V 200 Se« Belcher.. OS
100 Confidence ...1 15 2CO Sierra. Nev ..53
SCO Gould A Cur. 44 100 Sierra Nev .. .84
4f0 Mexican 1 S5 300 Union Con .. <«
.".Ort Ophlr 4 90 300 Utah + 21
5OO Overman .... 35 100 Yellow Jacket 47
200Potosl 17'
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alta CS 100 Mexican .....1 T3
1C0 Caledonia ...1 20 no Mexican 1 80
2C-0 Con Imperial. 02 100 Mexican ...1T74
MO Con N T O* 10O Ophlr 4 73
300 Justice 07 20O Savag* 57
Afternoon Session.
ICO Andes 47(1000 Justice 06
600 Andes 43 j 2CO Mexican 1 so
10O Best ft Belcn.2 13 j 300 Overman .... 35
100 Caledonia ... 1 20 l«o Overman .... 3*
10O Chollar ...... 23 ICO Potosl ,. 17
10O Con C A Va.l 60 40O Sierra Nev .. .53
ICO Crown Point. 241 ICO Union Con .. 83
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
.Following were the sales on the San Fraa-
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lens 50
p*?r cent Bhrinknge for Cattle:
CATTLK— Steers. 8^9c; Cows and Heifers,
7<&Sc; thin Cows, 4ig5c per lb.
CALVES — l®4Hc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4«iig5c; Ewes, 4>i©4Vic
per lb igroys weight).
LAMBS— 5Vi(SCc per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 Ibs. 5%(95%c:
ovvr 200 lbs. 5%ti5Vic; soft Hogs. 44«4»4c;
•Sows, 2o per cent off; Uoars. 50 per cent off.
anil Stags, 40 ptr cent oft from above quota
tions.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholf5al» rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEKF— 0Va©74c for Steers and tV&64c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large. S<ffiOc; small. 84'8'04c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers 94@10c; Ewes, 9®t>4c
per lb.
LAMB— Yearlings., lie; Spring. 180>16c.
PORK— Dress-ed Hogs, 7(gS«ic per lb.
DRESSED MEATS.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs continue as previ
ously quoted, supplies of every description ex
cept Veal being rather under the demand, and
quotations. are accordingly firm.
Meat Market.
Foreign, Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — "; March. > May. July.
Opening •.::.¦. 8 10% ' fi S%- 0 7%
Closing G lOVt -0 9 TJ 84
\ PARJS.
Wheat — March. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 1)5 22 40
Closing ..22 35 22 40
Flour — . • . • • ¦ . " •
Oprnlng 29 fl5 20 05
Closing , ,v. 30 50 . 30 55
.9/. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, March 2.— Wool, nominal. Mrdi
um grades, combing and clothing. in©21c;
light fine. 153174c; heavy fine, 12g$l44c; tub
wa.»hr>d, 20^304 e.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. March 2.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 77c; I51uestem. 82c; Valley, Sic.
' V \ AVASHINGTOX.
TACOMA. March 2.— WHEAT— Bluoetem,
S3c; Club, 7Sc.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. March 2.— Clearings, J751.787;
balances. *123.fN>«.
•TACOMA. March 2.— Clearings, $407,506;
balances. $34,510.
PORTLAND, March 2.— Clearings, J606.42J;
balances, $65,2C8.
SPOKANK, March 2.— Clearings, $3S0,19C;
balances, fU5,333.
Miscellaneous Markets. |
CHICAGO, March 2.— CATTLK— Receipts.
17,000; strong to 10c v higher; good to prime
SU-ers, ?5iSJ'5 85; poor to medium, S3@4 00;
stockers and feeders, $2 00@4 15;' cows, $1 50
@4; hoifers, $2W4 00; canncrs, $1 f>0@2 50;
bulls, *2<g4; calvet",- ?3S?0 75; Texas fed steers,
?4(;?t 70. ¦ '-
i HOGS— Receipts to-day. 28.0CO; to-morrow."
30,000; steady, - 5@lfSK •..'decline; mixed and
butchers'. $5 20(55 .'i5;.'goo<l to choice . hea\T,
$5 4Z<tt5 CO; rough heavy. $5 25(ff5 40; light.
J4 sr-fi'5 23; bulk of sales. $5 2C3<5 40.
PH HEP— Receipts, 20,000; sheep nnd lambs
slow; good to choice withers, $4 25ffl CO; fair
to choice mlsed,. ?3 50<{j 1-25: '"Western sheep,
$2 60Q5 25: native, lambs. ?4 50#5 75,; Western
lambs, $4 50i^5 95. . ,
CHICAGO
Livestock '. Market.
VEiiBTAHLKS— Asparagus", 15@17>4c per 11>
for No. 1 and 10^12'ic for No. 2; Rhubarb.
SfflOc per Ib; Green Peas, 4@7c per Ib for
Ixjs Angeles and He for bay; String
Bean*. 10S17>4c per Ib; Wax. per Ib;
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. S1I&1 50 per box or
crate; Hummer Squash, from Los Angelas. $l<@
1 V5 per box; Cabbage. $1 10 per ctl: Carrots.
f>Oc per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l per
dozen; Garlic. 5® tic per lb; Esg Plant, 2C@3Gc
Iht lb; Dried Peppers, 5<5Sc per lb'for Stock
ton and H)<ai2ViC for southern: Dried Okra.
104f 12^c . per lb; Green Peppers. 20j<302 per
lb; Mushrooms. 20Q25c p«-r lb; Marrowfat
Squash, l@Uic per lb; Hubbard, %c per lb.
y ONIONS— Yellow. $2*0002 US per ctl' for Or
egon and $2 SStfS for Nevadan; Green Onion*.
Oo<ff<;Oc per box.
There were moderate receipts of vegetablrs
from Los Angoles «nd prlcrs had but little
quolable variance. Rhubarb and Asparagus
w< re, offering freely and sold at the previously
quoted rates. Hothouse Cucumbers were plen
tiful and weak, while Mushrooms were higher
under decreased receipts
POTATOES— Durbank*' from the river $1 10
@1 20 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. |1 25@1 50
per ctl; Petaluma and Tomales nurbanks,
$1 15@1 25 per ctl: River Keds. $1@1 10 per
ctl; small Oregon Burbanks for seed, OOctfiM
per ctl; Garnet Chiles, $1©1 10 per ctl; Early
Rose. $1 25<ffl 35 i^r ctl: Sweet Potatoes. $2 50
per ctl; new Potatoes. 233 Vic per Ib.
Prices of table Potatoes were unchanged,
but only a small percentage of the offering*
of river and Oregon Buibanks commanded the
top quotations. The cargo brought by the
Crepor steamer did not grade very high and
s.'iles at *1 CO per cental were rare. The bulk
of tl>e supplies from the river sold at ?1 10<Jr
1 15. the top quotation being obtained only for
fmall lots of exceptionally fine stock. Yellow
Orionri were steady at unchanged rate?, while
grefn were abundant and lower.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables
DRIED PEAS— Blafkeye. $2 23®2 &0 per ctl
SEEDS— Brown- Mustard. $:{ 75ft ?; Yellow
Mustard. $3/^.1 "5; Flax $1 80®l 00: Canary,
5(Ra>'ic'for Eastern: Alfalfa, 14ii£l4-V,e: Rape.
lVi@2c; Timothy, 0<g«4c; Hrmp S*©3HC per
Ib; Millet. 3@3Uc; Broom Corn Seed, ?20@21
per ton.
Large Whites we,re quoted lower, sellers be
ing unable to get the recently advanced ask
ing prices. I.tmns were firm at the advance
of the preceding day. ' - :
.BEANS — Bayos $2 3502 55; Pea, $3; But
ters. &J 50; small White, $3 10(33 20; large
White, $2 «r.© 2 75;- Pink. $3f3 25; Red. $5;
Lima. $3.30@3 40; Red Kidneys, $5; Clackeye.
$2 1C<ff2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans. $J@2 50.
Beans and Seeds.
minions, and the consequence is the entire
abstention of any outside interests. Occasional
new developments that might be supposed, in
, tlmi* of ordinary activity, to have a bearing
on values are parsed over with Indifference.
The cause of the stagnation is not entirely
dear and still more ob.«cure in the coming
event which may serve to break the deadlock.
One of the immediate Influences upon to-day'b
market was the unsolved doubts over the out
1 come of the Paris settlement, which is still
in progress. While no trouble has yet devel
oiwd, the apprehension on the subject is not
I likely to be allayed until the conclusion of the
payments of the account, which are due to
morrow. Both Paris and London labored under
this disadvantage to-day and reflected »me
Influence upon New York. Current earnings
ate discouraging. Heavy declines in January
net earnings continue to come to hand, the
Pennsylvania lines and Lehlgh Valley being
to-da>'i> conspicuous additions to the list. The
lack of pressure upon railroad Mocks on thi.
account argues eome confidence among se
curity holders that the unfavorable condition
is but a temporary one. The money market
In the future is another problem. Call money
is a druir, and the reserves continue to pile up
In New Voik bank?.
The New York Central's one-year borrowing
of $5,000,000 at the equivalent of 5 per cent
confirms the indication of previous facts that
a relatively high rate is demanded for the
other corporations' Inane. The possible effects
of the Panama payment, which is exacted to
be put through at once, and the further cor
poration borrowings known to be hanging over
the market may be an explanation of the
money market'* uncertainty. The "movement
of gold from New York to. Argentina, begun
yesterday, is another factor in the problems.
Its present significance is that London Is
• Lie to call on New York for payments of its
Pouth American debt. notwlth.«tnhdlng the
enormous merchandise balance of the last few
months for which p"i?/m«*nt was due us.
The war in freight rates, the prospect of a
soft coal strike, uneasiness over the condition
of the wheat market and the lmi>ending se
curitlrs decision mupt all be held In mind to
understand the apathy of the market from day
to day. The movement of prices to-day is not
worth analyzing.
Bonds were firm and dull. Total sales,
fl.120.CC0.
I'nited States bonds were all unchanged on
call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison :i.40O *»«i C5' 4 «5«4
AtehiFon pfd 20U K8 *>*>*» ,*$ht
Baltimore & Ohio. 5.400 75 74% 75
Bait & Ohio pfd 8H^
Canadian Pacinc... 500 111 110?i 110%
Cen of New Jersey • 1M ¦
Chesapeake ic Ohio. 2(K) 30 2J)% 29%
Chicago t Alton... 1,300 3S 3«>i 37
Chi & Alton pfd.. 300 82 82 Sl>4
Chi Great Western 100 15 15 144
Chicago & N \V.. 1,200 1M 162% l«3*i
Chi. Mil & St P... 8.800 139'.i 13ST* 133
C, M & Ht P pfd 172
Chi Term &. Trans. 2,000 0% flij 9%
Chi T & T pfd 2,900 20>£ 104 194
C, C, C & St Louis loO 7<»>i 76V» 7(J
Colorado Southern. 2<«) Hi \Z% 15'j
Colo South 1st pfd. 300 M 54 53 %
Colo South 2d j.fd. 100 23% 23tf 23
Del & Hudson ' 500 155 154 154
Del, Lack & West 2«0
Denver & Rio G 1H^
Den & Rio G pfd C5-> 4
Erie 4,200 23Vi 23 23 |
Erie 1st pfd 1,100 IS2H <J2Mi WVs
Erie 2d pfd 200 S9»; 39 38',s
Hocking Valley 72>4
Hocking VaJ pfd 78»*
Illinois Central 100 126% 126% l'M%
Iowa Central IS
Iowa Central pfd 33
K C Southern 1«%
K C Southern pfd. 100 32 32 < 31%
Louis & Nash 1,000 103 102 102V4
Manhatt-n L 1,000 143^ 142Vi 143>*
Metropolitan Sees . . • .Vw 85 85 84
Metropolitan St Ry. 5*00 115>i 115 114*i
Minn ic St LouiH 68
M, St P & S S M.. 300 61 «OV4 tki',4
M StP & KS M pfd 118
Missouri Paclnc 1,000 8«*«, 88 88
Mo, Kans & Texas. 100 15* t 15»i 15
M. K & T pfd 35?i
Ntl U R Mex pfd.. 2fO 364 3«4 3«
New York Central 200 1144 1144 114>i
Norfolk & Western. 60O 55->« 55»» 55^i
Nor & We«st pfd t>5
Northern Securities '. _. #H%
Ontario & Western. 500 '20% 20«» 2o',i
Pennsylvania 12.S00 1134 113 113'i
P, C, C & St Louis 6<j'
Reading 2,tX)0 40% 40\i 40
Reading 1st pfd • •. ... 75%
Heading 21 pfd • 1O0 56 &6 Z>U
Hock Island Co 2,100 204 20'4 20»i
Itock Island Co pfd 10<J «1 ' 61 ' mi,
KtL & £F 2 pfd 4llt
Kt Louis S W.. i a L
St L 8 W pfd I.10O 30'i 30»4 304
Southern Pacific... 2,400 4U3j 4:j% n\
Southern Rwllway. tRKi 19 l«i, ifjl:
Pcmhcrn Ky pf.l 79
Texas & Pacinc 224
T. Si L 4 W 100 244 214 234
T. St L & W pfd.. 100 33 35 S3V*
TTnlon Pacific. 3,«00 74 73^ 73 t^ ,
Union Pacific' pfd - ,vi;i,
Watmnh nil*
Wabauli pfd , 400 334 33U 33'
Wheeling & L E.. .... 15
Wisconsin Central. 7C(» IS4 ly is
WiM-on Cent |jfd.. lw 42 42 40
ExincFb Companies —
Adams 220
American j&g
fnited States 100 103 103 102
Weils-Fai-go 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 5,i»00 47 46% 4«%
Am Car & Fly.. 1S 5
Am Car &. Fdy pfd eg
Am Cotton Oil 2S'i
Am Cotton Oil pfd g&
American Ice 200 8 S 7«:
American Ice pfd.. 300 314 31% 31
Am Linseed Oil a
Am Lin Oil pfd 27
Am Locomotive .. 1,300 22% 22i« 2''%
Am Locomo j>fd... 100 &0*i 80% 804
I Am Smelt & Rfg .... 47™
Am Fm & P.fg pfd »o
Am Sugar Hfp 5,C0fi 125% 1254 125>A
Anaron Mining Co fl2 "
Brook Itap Tran.. 12,300 41 V* 40% 4T»i
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 31 31 aoi',.
Consolidated Gae . 1,700 1M34 J03 192%
Ccrn Products — 900 J$«i 18% n 7 i
Corn I'^oducts pfd ... gs
r»l*til Securities «>[i'
Gf-neral Electric .. 100 1394 liH4 15it
Intertiatl l'uue-r n
Int Paper pfd W ii
Internatl Pump 33
Int Pump pfd - • 711;
National Lead '.'.'.[ ]4 Ti
North American " gi
Pacinc Mail 1,400 27«i 20«i 27»i
People's Oas 300 OS?, 98^ US'/*
I»repsed Steel Car 27U
Pressed St Car pfd ..... . "" («!?
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 210Vi 2lb\i 210
Republic Steel --/
-Kcpublic Steel pfd 40
Rubber Goods 400 10U i»4 iSt:
Rubber Goods t .M .'* "™ ~^
Tenn Coal & Iron 35
U 8 L-ather 300 7Vi ill 7«
U S Leather pfd... 200 77»i 77% 77*?
V 8 Realty 4 7 ' 8
U B Realty pfd «oo fiou 4oii 4n<5i
V S Rubber 1.100 12H 12 W
t; S Rubber pfd ¦ .... .. 4lS
IT g gteel 3,O<)O 114 11 II
V R Steel j»fd «.3IK> - .V?% 664 MU
Wefrtlnghouse Elec. l.SWO 150 K»» 158 .
Western Union ... 700 BUM 67% fc7«4
Total sales 131,600 chares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF. SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. March r 2.— No -bond- transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN. COMPANY.
Common— f 4 75 bid. $5 W> asked.' Preferred—
tZH SO bid, |40 asked.
'-.. The World's Exchanges.
* The 'stock butinefs was quiet all over the
'¦» irld ye!=t«Tuay. The private advices cf
Mitchell. Mulcahy ft Co. from New York re
,j>orteC that marhrt tame, with a light demand
fc.r ftotkf. in the loan crowd. Twelve' Indus
trials advanced .:J3 p<=r cent and twenty Rail
ruafl!' .^3 p«r cent. The Mexican Contra.1 was
I*-;* rtf-4 to be ior.?idcrlng a new plan for a
r«-ao.Jurtmer:t of its capital. The postponement
cf the Panama canal payments is likely to keep
,mrr.ey »a»y lor »ome time to rcme. Gold shlp
meets to the Argentine have begun much ear
lier than expected and $5<A>.<J00 went cut to that
•country 'on the let.
"• Thore wt» fio v.ar news lo disturb the foreign
•feourta ana' they w»re quiet. The Part* sett!e
'.«:eht progressed without disturbance. Anierl
c»iis in London wore steady and idle. Consols
v+e higher. Japanese bonds were unchanged.
• bu'u Rpsflan fours were ' 4 tip. As the day
-went- en ih<»!e wa* a decidedly better feeling
• t I^&ndou. Paris and Berlin, but the markets
'¦ '¦¦' The Lumber Trade.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron say»:
"The month Ju*t jiaased has not witnessed
•*nj- changes in the general lumber trade, a.1
• though the trend of aJU.lrm has been «uch a>
to indicate a visibly etror.cer market. The
•trouble between tb« eteam BChoontr owners
«nd ti»Sr opponent has been settled as far as
.j>Ksib!e and peace seeras to have been estab
y .V shed "upon & permanent basis. During March
\ :edwood and pine are certain to pick up In
v ih»-lr saies. clthourh price* w!ll not be ad
tanwt. The normal market win be sustained.
"Shingle* aie quotable a» nt the first of
February, vith the demand ror both redwood
Vnd red cedar varlrties pltkinc up. Eastern
«(,urces will be sending In tnelr calls before
.the- end of March. The shingle organization
in the redwood field reports heavy business
»:nc<? the opening of the 8s.n Francisco head
ijuartrrs and the bm-id'oti at their recent zneel
ir^worf cr*«tly pleaiu>d at tht showing made.
Tlk- diLtui bani-^B in the Pacific Northwest over
ti.« fhingle situation m-rni to be righting them
¦elves end trade is becoming more normal.
"The fugar pine circlMi report the average
Winter business and the mountain mills will
#<>on J* prrpar<>d for thflr season's cut. The
I 'yrar 1I»O4 will be an extremely active one in
' tte mrar «nd white pine belt, and prices will
' -b*- heid Vfr)' close to. if not higher, than In
laflS. "Many smell rnllln will of™ operations
aiiout the first of thf eeaBon. but this Influence
• «i!l not bo felt to any great degree.
"Th«- interior coast dcn:a.ods have not b?en
•fceavy owing to the ecarclty of rain, but the
• lart fortnight has r-cen the farmers" redemp
tion, with the crns?quence that thwe \f a far
\ k^althlT trr'.irxg all ov<>r th^ roast and par
1 tieularly in Southern California. The north
' if n«*v«-"r Jn trouble for adequate rainialls and
The be.it conditions prevail in the territory north
Of San Francieco."
Weather Report.
: . 1 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN' FRANCIpCC, March 2 — 5 p. m.
• The followinc are the seasonal rainfall? to
fCatt as comi'trtd with thi»se of the eame date
' ,'¦.-. reason, and the rainfaJI in the last twen
ty, four hours:
Last This Last
t-'iationt — 24 Hours. Season. Seaeon.
Eureka O.7O ' 4«>.u8 42.02
Red Bluff O.O0 20.38 17.78
Sacramento . Trace ll».C! 13.35
fan Francieco.. U.ll 13.14 ll-S»
Fr.etco «i.Oo S.>«6 5.72
Independence ... <K(n> \.?A 1.81
•£S. L. Obispo i>.<x* k.*'fi 11. M
T>r>s Angeles o.ixt 3.22 ii.T,'A
t Sa-n Diego O.ott 1.H3 9.05
THE COAST RECORD.
' ' - S 2 ~ " "3
I [ff i\ ll H I
.-¦r^nn. | g || £S | V |
¦ : ¦ : = = i ;¦;•¦-.' i
'. * • • * *
iTiY.T :>('.«2 30 20 SE Cloudy TlO
; «"er*'. n Z'i.m .V» 50 NE Pt.Cldy T.
1 F.UTT^a ;vi. <i2 B2 44 N Hnow .70
Fa>rtllon 30.12 T*i 50 K Lt.Fos .15
,Fres=no 30.<A 70 46 NW Clear .<K>
J":a^«aff 23, r M\ CA 2< PW Ooudy .00
Pocatetio .....:n.44 v.Z "^ N* Clear .in
Point Seres. .3O. OS .".S r^l \V noudy .43
Independence Jd.oj r<; «» fe dear .<k>
L'*. Are-Pi^s. .^'.(•v T4 48 S-'W Cloudy .<**
Tiqrth Ht*6..S».l2 42 32 E Cloudy .00
SU Tam*lp&ta>UV!S :.7 42 W Pt.Cldy .10
'.h'ondx 2^.i<:» h4 .%<• NW cloudy .00
\T .rtlsnd .'to.JK 44 .12 E Ooudy .f<0
V«1 Hluff 30.12 Tr6 r.2 XE Cloudy .CO
ttospburs S2
t-'acram<>ntr> ..30.1S *W r.2 S Oar T.
\j*V.*.'. . ,r>o..-i4 B2 BO JCW Clear ,1O
. pin praaefao»jao.l< *vi .12 W Pt.Cldy .10
P. .L. .**t 74 .•-» N Ooar .*<O
Fan I»lrp> 20. IK 0,4 50 PW Cloudy .00
F'Attl* Jft.80 44 :i<t NE Cloudy .<*
Fprfkane S0.8J 34 20 PR Clear .(12
Tutocsh 23. «2 4<« 34 K cloudy .no
Wall* V.'a!ia.3o.44 44 3O NR Pt.Cldy '.OO
• •Wihr'-mncca .:<n.2R 4R 42 XK 8?now OI
'- 7.'"^* 2».y 8» .%O SW Pt.Cldy .(10
I TITATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOnECAKT.
• The prepFur* has rlfipn with unurual rapidity
•tivr-r thp north western portion of the country.
¦l>vriTiZ thp iiast tw.nty-four hours th*>re has
beat a rise nf tJiree-quartens of an inch or
more over Ii3»ho.
•- A cold tv«v* nv»r the lntermountaln rririon
ikfli kcrOT.-mnj- thi» hiKh ar^a and easthound
trav^lrr* may f-xz*"-t fnnw. hljrh north winds
• n<i free«ln»; t^mr^raturri, betWtCB the Sierras
*n<l the .Tlorkv Mountains.
•Fnrrj-aM rrsi* at t^sn Fnir.rlBro for thirty
.hour^. »>rtd!r>g midnirht. March 3: " i
Northern California— Cloudy: «-o!der Thurs
day with unow in the mountains; brirk north
«?«j?t winds.
F.'mthTn California — Cloudy: colder Thum
-''iay; freffh southerly winds, chanjttnff to west
erly.
NVva<5a— fnow: much colder Thursday; hi^h
BCtrth winflp: "-old rave Thursday morninR
i -Sen JTranoiJcn and vicinity — Cloudy, threat
, > rtpr Tburrday: cooI'p; brisk northeast winds.
. • -A. G. McADIE. IMstriPt Forecaster.
CHICAGO, March 2. "*- On the" Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was eas»ic?r.'
Creamery, 14@25M[C; dairy, lt@22c. Eggs were
Bteady, 17®17%c. Cheese, steady, 10%t?ll%c.'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, frfarch 2. — Cash quotations
were as follows: Flour, steady; No^ 2
spring wheat, 02c©?l;. No. .3, 85®
S9o; No. 2 red. 03c@$l 01% : No.- 2 corn. 52c;
No 2 yellow. 55c; "No. 2 oats, 40%@41c; No. 2
white, 44c; No. 3 white, 40%@43%c; No. 2 rye,
73%c; good feeding barley. 38<§r40c: Fair to
choice malting, 4t5@5Sc; No: 1 flaxseed,' $1 C9;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 15; prime timothy-
Beed, $3; mess pork, per bbl.,- $14 C2%@14 75;
lard, per 100 lbs.. $7 30^7 35; short ribs sides
(loose). $7 25@7 "."%; short clear, sides (boxed),
$7 5C@7 75; whleky, basis of high. wines, $1 27;
clover, contract grade, $11 05.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels . ; . : 89,000 , , 22.300
Wheat, bushels .: 75,100 ¦ 19.S00
Corn, bushels .............400.200 87,200
Oat-s, bushels ". 601..100 . 175,800
Rye. bushels 1C.20O ».30O
Barley, bushels . ,. ;.. ..204,700 20,00()
Cash Grain and Provisions.
A local firm says of Wool: 'The local Wool
market Is quiet, as the bulk of the fall Wools
have been cleaned up and there are few Wools
left unsold. None of th* scourers are running
at present The new clip of 1904 will be com
ing forward «oon. as shearing has commenced
at a number of points in the San Joaquln Val
ley. The outiook Is that sales of the new clip
will be vsry alow, as growers will have to ac
cept lower urices than they expect because
scourers here are restricted by the low quota
tions from the Eastern market. The new clip
Is expected to come forward looking much poor
er than for years on account of the very dry
season throughout California."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %<81c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 0%c; medium. 8%c; light. 8c: Cow
Hides. Se for heavy and 8c for light; Stags. 6c;
Salted Kip. 0c; Salted Veal 10c; Salted Calf,
10%c; dry Hides. 15@16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25©.10c each;
short Wool. 4C«C5c each; medium, 70090c; long
Wool, $l<gi 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2^2 60 for medium. $12542175 for
small and 00c for Colts. Horse Hide*, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 SO for medium: Slfil 25
for small nnd 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium,
35o; small. 2Cc. - '
1 TALLOW— No. 1 rendered,- 4c per Ib; No.
2. 3 Vic: grease, 2%@3c
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs. 9®
"o: Middle County, ll«J12c; Northern defect
ive. OfilOc; Nevada, 13®15c; Oregon, fine, 18®
19c; Oregon, medium, 17c per Ib.
HOPS— 23630c per Ib for California. 1908,
and 20c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, O^c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
0c; five tierces, S T $c per Ib
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%e per Ib for
compound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
tinV io%c UnS " 10%C: 5 " lb tln9i 10%C ' S " lb
Provisions.
Chicago was higher, with considerable llquid
at n '°, - This market was quiet and unchanged.
1 . A CLR ED MEATS— Bacon, lie per Ib for
¦ heavy, 11% C for light medium. 13%c for light.
I 14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
j eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%c; California
I Hams, 12%®13c: Mess Beef. $10 50©ll per bbl;
extra Mess, $1160^12; Family, • $12 5O<8 13;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $24@25;
Me8 , S# ? l 2 : Dry Salted Pork. 10%©llc;, Pig
Pork $2T; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
per Ib.
Everything quiet on the European bourses.
IV 'all -street Stocks steady on the day. Cotton highei\
Local Stocks and Bonds still tame and featureless.
Sifoer advanced 3-8C. Exchange rates unchanged.
Cash Wheat dull, but Futures higher.
Barley in demand for Australia and Honolulu.
Oat market active and rising up north.
Corn in better demand at full figures.
Max .and Feedstuff s rule firm, Tvith moderate offerings.
Beans firm and in demand for shipment.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Poultry weak, ivith less demand. Game unchanged.
Qrange market working around into fair condition again.
Butter easing off again and Es;rs and Cheese demoralised.
Provisions firmer at Chicago, but unchanged here.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Most descriptions of Pacific Codfish higher.
Coal Oil marked down ic per gallon.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg ..1041, Lo U j S & n Uni 4s 98V4
Do coup .106 Manhattan c g 4s. 103*i
Do Ss reg 106 Mex Cent 4s .... 65%
Do coup 1C6V4 Do 1st Inc ... . 13?i
Do new 4a reg.l32\i Minn & St L 4s. 98%
Do coup 132U M K & T 4s 97»i
Do old 4s reg. 106% Do 2ds 77*Si
Do coup 107V4 N H R of M c 4s 73>ji
Atch gen 4s .... 00*4 N Y Cent g 3^s. 97
Do adjt 4s 88 N J Cent g 5s..l2SV4
Atlantic C L 4s. 01 &, Nor Pac 4s .....102'i
Balto A O 4s ...lOlVi. Do 3s 70%
Do 3%s 73V t Nor & Weat c 4s 97%
Cent of Ga 5s.. .105% O S L 4ff & Par. 91U
Do 1st inc 66% Penn conv 3«.s.. 04%
Ones & O 4%s..l01 Reading Gen 4s.. 95%
Chi A Alton 3%s. 74% St L & I M o 5s.ll2%
C B A Q n 4s.. 92% St L & S F fg 4s. 80%
C M & S P g 4s.lO8% St J- S W lstB.. 02»i
Chi & N W c 7s. 129% Seaboard A L 4s. C5V,
C R I & P R 4a. C8% Southern Pac 4s. 88%
Do col 5s .... 77% Southern Ry 5s.. 111%
C C C A S L g 4s. 07% Tex & Pac lsts..H5
Chi Term 4s 80 Tol St L & W 4r. »ifl%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 66% Union Pac 4s ..102%
Colo A So 4e S4% Do conv 4s ... 95
Colo F & I c 5s. 70 US Steel 2d 5s. 72%
Denver & R G 4s. 07H Wabash lsts 115
Erie prior lien 4s. 00% Do Deb B 58%
Do Gen 4s ... 84 Wheel & L E 4s. 80%
Ft W A D C lsts.104 Wis Cent 4s 88%
Hocking Val 4%s.l04%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 30]Ontarlo 4 CO
Alice 28|ophlr 4 00
Breece 10|Phoenix 06
Com Tunnel .... OOlPotosl 24
Con Cal & Va. .. 1 45)Savage 64
Horn Silver 1 SO I Sierra Nev 50
Leadvllle Qm ... 02 1 Small Hopes 20
Little Chief 07)Standard- 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — U S Steel .. . 10%
Call loans 3%@4% Do pfd 56%
Time loans ...4%gj5% Westing Common. 77,%
Bonds — Mining —
Atchlson 4s 97% Adventure ..;.... 2-
Do adj 4s 87% Allouez 3%
Mex Cent 4s C4 Amal Copper »... 40%
Railroads — Amer Zinc • 7
Atchlson ........ P5?i Atlantic < . 7
Do pfd 8S% Ulngham 19
Boston & Albany.241> iCalumet & Hecla.44f
Boston & Malne.l«5^i Centennial .-J7
Boston Elev 138 Copper Range ... 40U
Fltchburg pfd.... 135% Daly West 34
Mpx Central 11% Dom Coal 57
N Y, N H & H..102 Franklin ;7%
Pere Marquette.. 77 Grancy 3Vi
Union Pacific 73% If]* Royale 7
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Chem. 1.1 Michigan 4
Do pfd 74 Mohawk 36
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal & C. . 2%
Amer Sugar 125% Old Dominion 10
Do pfd 124% Osceola 5(1%
Amer Tel & Tel.. 120% Parrot 21
Amer Woolen ... 0% yuincy SO
l>o pfd 70 Shannon 7%
Dom Iron & S S% Tamarack $Kl
Ed Elee Ilium. .23m Trinity 4%
»Jen Electric 159 IT S Mining lflTi
Mass Electric ... IS IT S Oil .s%
Do pfd 73% Utah 3;f%
Mass Gas V.)% Victoria 3
United Fruit 0C% Wlnona 5*5
Un Shoe Mach... 43 Wolverine 73
Do pfd...>. 2S%
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money 85 7-16 X Y Central 118
Do account.. 85 11-16 Nor & Western.. 57%
Anaconda 3 >4 jj o pfd S9
Atchlson 67*4 Ont & Western.. 20%
Do pfd 91 <4 Pennsylvania GSI4
Bal & Ohio 76T* Rand Mines S%
Can Pacific 113% Reading 20%
Chea & Ohio 30% Do 1st pfd 30
Chi Great West.. 15 Do 2d pfd 2S%
Chi. Mil & St P.14::% So Railway 10%
De Beers lO'.i ( Do pfd 61%
Dt-n & Rio G 10%!s o Pacific 44^
Do pfd CS Union Paclnc 70
Erie 23% I Do pfd »rt
Do 1st pfd 63% I U S St«-e! 11%
Do 2d pfd 40 Do pfd 57%
111 Central 130%iWabaBh 18%
Louis & Nash. ..105 Do pfd 31%
M. K & Tex 15%'
Bar silver— Steady, 26 ll-16d per ounce.
Money — 2% ©3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 3i*<ff3 :i-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 3>£&3V« per-cent.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. March 2.— The cotton market
closed firm. 13S48 pclnts higher.
New York Grain and Produce.
YORK. March 2.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
«>SSS barrels; exports. 10.R41 barrels Steady
WHEAT— Receipts. 21.450 bushels. Spot
steady; No. 2 red. $1 O7V4 elevator; No 2 elel
vator, $1 Cs f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Du
luth. $1 lo% I. 0. b. afloat. Options opened
firmer and advanced on favorable cables and
covering, closed firm at l%tfl%c higher. May
o!v * l JU ' y tlosed 9<jc> September closed
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Quiet
COFFEE — Spot Rio. 'steady; No. 7 invoice
6 13-10c; mild, steady: Cordova. 10S13c. The
market for coffee futures closed steady at un
chansed prices to an advance of 10 points
Sales, 40,000 bags, including: March. 5 10$.
5.45c; May, 5.70c; June. 5.8. r jc; July. B.O3066;
September, 6.20®6.25c; December. fi.43Q0.50c
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining-. 2%c: cen
trifugal, 90 test. :>%c: molasses sugar. 2%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet. Common, 4tS5c; prime, 5%©5»4c5
choice. 5%©ae: fancy, 6%@7c. * "
PRUNES— Are still firmly held, but without
a quotable fhange, prices ranging from 3%c to
6%p. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Steady. Choice. 0%@l()c; extra
choice. 10 1 .4(ai0%c: fancy. K'(315c.
PEACHES— Are meeting with a fair jobbing
demand and rule firm. Choice. 7^4tj7$4c; extra
choice, S%@«Hc; fancy, 9@l0c.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. March 2.— The London market
for tin was Is higher, with spot closing At
£124 Cs 7d and futures at £124 10s. Locally,
however, the market was a littl» easier at $'•8
«J2N 40.
Copper was unchflnRM at £56 1,'s for spot
and £55 15s f«r futures tn the London market.
Here it was quiet, with lake, electrolytic and
casting at ?I2 25®12 BO.
L-a4 advanced Is 3d to £11 178 «d In London,
and the local market was steady at $4 6f»^f4 «.V
Spelter was steady at $5 05«?5 15 locally, ami
at £22 2s ca in London.
Iron rlo!>«vl at ."Is 3d In Glasgow and at 42s
4V<<\ In Mldfllesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry, Northern, $1» 75@
15 25; No. 2 foundry. Northern. 114 25014 75;
No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry.
Southern, soft. $13 25013 75.
Chicago Board of Trade.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
The only chantre is an advance in Cocoanut
Cake. Bran, and Middlings continue steady
and. the Hay market is again reported in gtiod
condition for sellers.
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"Receipts of Hay have been averaging about
450 tons per day for the past ten days, the
total for the week Just ended amounting to
2700 tons, about the same as that reported a
week ago. The situation remains unchanged
In every way. with two elements at work
which seem to about counteract each other.
Since the ralvs both consumers and retail deal
ers have felt, that prices should be 'lower and
have been withholding their purchases accord
ingly. On the oth? r hand, receivers of Hay,
knowing that stocks are very light throughout
the State, have felt that the situation does not
warrant a decline, and without any particular
effort in this direction have maintained last
month's conditions, without* material change.- It
was expected that shortly after our good rains
set in quite a number of -outside lots of Hay
would seek this market. It Is true that we
have heard from a few such lots, but nothing
of any great consequence, and as the Interior
demand from some ¦ localities continues the
situation still holds quite firmly and will doubt
less continue so until the new crop begins to
be marketed In large quantities. It must be
remembered that we are liable to • be called
upon at nny time for a large amount of Hay
for the Orient, which we are in no position
to nil to very good advantage. A call for
5000 tens might necessitate the shipment to
this market of quite a bit of Hay from Kansas
an-I Nebraska to tide us over until our new
crop Is ready. The lowest freight rate obtain
able on such shipments is $10 per ton. so it
can be readily seen that none of that Hay can
be sent here at present prices, especially as It
Is considered greatly Inferior to the California
product. ' : - • - ¦ ¦ -
"On the whole our market shows no change
•from the report given last week, with quota
tions unchanged also."
BRAN— $21(322 per ton.'
MIDDLINGS— $27 C0®29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24«J25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2l»5C©:Jl:
jobbing. $.32; Cocoanut Cake. $22023; Corn
Meal, $20 50@30 50; Cracked Corn. $3f"fJ\'U:
Mixed Feed, $22@23; Horse . Beans, $30©
40 per ton;' Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $15@1S: Wheat and Oat. $l."@
17 50: Oat; $15@17; Wild Oat. $149916'. Bar
lev. $J3<S15; Stock nominal— none here; Al
falfa. $12<gl3 50 per ton.
STRAW — G0@75c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4%c; Seedless
Thompsonj. unbleached. 5$$c. Layers, per 20
lb box— e-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; 4-crown fancy clutters
J2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 33; 2-crowri
London Layers. $1 25: usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy lG-oz
cartons, perlb, 7%e; fancy 12-o* cartons, per
package. 6%c; fancy bulk cartons, per Ib, 7Vic;
choice 16-ox cartens; per lb,-7*ic; choice 12-oa
cartons, per package. 6&c; choice bulk car
tons, per Ib. 7^4c; ltJ-ox cartons, seeded Seed
ling*. -Muscatels, per Ib, 7c; 12-oz cartons,
reeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per Ib, 6%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings.! Muscatels, per Ib, 0%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. U(,o»c;
No. 2, Il^i«tl2c; No. 1 hardshell, 13-tfl3%c;
No. -2, 11&11%c; Almonds, 11 %c for Nonpa
riela, 11 Vic fcr I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and fllic for Languedoc; Peanut. , 6@7c for
Eastern: Pecans, lliftMe; Cocoanuts, $4 50(35
HONEY— Comb. 10@ll%c for whfte and b£
«HH4c for amber; water whltf extracted. 5®
5Vic; light amber extracted. 3%i@4Hc; dark.
5Vic: light amber extracted. 4Vj®»?ic: dark.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per Ib.
July 7 41\i .7 85 7 47Vi 7 65
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.— * ,
May 7 37ft 7 50 ' 7 32ft 7 45
July : 7 45 -,7iOO • 7 40 7-55
of riroducts .late in tin?.. day. • under..this.im
proved demand prices gradually advanced, the
close belos: at about top prices. May closed
22 Vac higher, lard 2^®5e higher, and • ribs
were up 3c. . ¦ ¦
The" leading: futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
AVheat No. 2 —
May 09 0»V4 07% 98V4
July (old) 031$ j»5lfe 03 95»i
July (new) »2\i <MM »2V» »4Vj
September (old). 87 Vi 88%" 87 8S%
September (new) 8C% 87«i 86 • 87%
Corn No. 2—
May B4% 6SV4 53% 65%
July 63% 54 B2Vi 54
September T>2it, 52%. 51 Vi 02%
Oats No. 2 — ,
May 42 «. 42% 41 42%
July.. • -3»% - -:»*ft 3Sy 4 39%
September ....; 34Va 34% 34 3i%
Mesa Pork, per bbl..-^- I . . '.
May 14 45 14 85 14 37% 14 72Vi
July 14 CO 14 85 14 45 14 82\l,
Lard, per ICO lbs. — ; - •
May 7 40 7 50> 7 32H 7 50.
STOCK AN*t> BOND EXCHANGE.
Stock and Bond Kxchans* Gas and Electric
•old off to $37 and Paauhau Sugar up to 112 SO.
California-street Railroad will pay a divi
dend of 75c on the Oth. _
The gross earnings of the California North
western Railway for January increased 17905
and net decreased $142«. For the seren months
ended January 31. 1904. gross earnings In
creased $53,568 and net decreased $29,430.
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY-, MARCH 3, - 1904.
Continued on rage Fourteen.
Businers on the exchanges was light again,
with few fluctuations. . On the California. Ex
chanze Kern - Oil cold up to ' $5 . and on the
* ¦ — ; . K-
Transactions in All Stocks Con
tinue Light.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80@
S 10 usual terras; Bakers* Extras. $4 70®3:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5@4 23
per- bbl. ¦ • - : ¦ . ¦ ¦ -¦ ¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prlcea in packages are as
follows: Graham . Flour.' : $3 25 per 100 ibs:
Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal. $3: Rice- Flour.
$7;. Corn Meal. $3 25: extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60: "Hominy.'. $4®4 25; • Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50fi>4 75: Cracked Wheat,* $3 75; Fa
rlna,"$4 50; Whole Wh«at Flour, $3 60; Rolled
O.'.ts. bbls, $7 25@S CO; In sacks,' |tJ 75<g8 10;
Flour and Millstuffs.
STOCK MARKET.
Flour, qr «ks .. 15,464 1 Hides. No. .... 50*
Wheat, ctls .... 1,5^0 Quicksilver, fiks «W
Barley ctls .... 1.C30 leather, rolls... in
Beans, ska '4,705 Wine, gals B2.350
Potatoes, sks .. 61" I Brandy, it a Is .. 11,200
Onions eks ...' ' 70iSugar. ctls ... 440
Middling*. sks.. 200 Tallow, ctls ... 40
Hay. tons 438 j Lime bbls .... 317
Feed, sks \ .:.. 2iO;Chicory. bbla .. 23
Screenings, slcs. SOOiPaper, reams .. 635
Pelts.. No. .... 451
FOR WEDNESDAT, MARCH 2.
Receipts of Produce.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15The Board*. of Education^ was > en
gaged'j yesterday, in ¦ revising * the ; rules
governing^the administration' of ; school
affairs. :;' It" is .not thought? that "any
radical. changes will ;be made,- but the
rules > will ~ : be modified in certain v in
stances: ' ~ '
School Board; Kevislng Rules.
- ; We offer you fiO.OOO pairs of ladles', gents',
children's, misses'- and, boys' shoes at unheard
of . Drlces. : . Ladles' shoes 1n sizes . from 3 to 8
In , all widths 'from. 33c- a pair. ' Chlldren'6
shoes at the . same ¦ price.' These are adver
tised. This is positively a going out of .busi
ness proposition. ;¦ We are selling such makes
as. Laird's, /Nolan's,' Foster's, .Wright &
Peters', etc., • at , less than .one-fourth their
value. In fact, $1 25 will buy an elegant up
to-date ; shoe. . < Ladles'. , patent i leather ties at
&5o a pair.. Boys' school . shoes at-7Sc a pair.
Men's shoes in high .grade -leather for 85c a
¦pair./-.,. V ;:•".¦- ,-rv.v.- ¦ -,. '.,'.¦-'•" •¦ .; ¦¦-
.*, Give us a call. -, It costs; you nothing.'; Sale
b^clns Saturday- morning at ' 9 o'clock, m Store
.closed until then. , Massachusetts Shoe'Com
pany, 1101 Market street, corner. Seventh, Odd
Fellows' building. '; " " •
Saturday You Have a Chance to Save
I Money.
ACCUSED OF PICKING
POCKETS OX A CAR
Joseph Sullivan Charged With Grand
Larceny After Being Identified by
Two Alleged Victims.
Joseph Sullivan, alias James Moore,
alias Daniel Jennings, was booked at
the City Prison yesterday afternoon
on a charge of grand larceny. He was
arrested on Mason street Tuesday and
was positively identified yesterday" by
two of his alleged victims and another
witness.
The victims are J. T. Ayer, con
tractor and builder, 3740 Seventeenth
street, and William Schoeckert, a
visitor from the East. They arrived at
the depot at Third and Townsend
steets on the train from Los Angeles
on Tuesday night and along with other
passengers boarded a Third-street car.
Two men were seen jostling the" pas
sengers and after they had left the car
soon after it started Ayer discovered
that $25 had been stolen from hi3
pocket and Schoeckert missed a purse
containing 5105 in currency, a check
for $100 on an Eastern bank and a
baggage check..
A Japanese Globe Trotter.
XakichiNakamura, a young Japan
ese, arrived in this city yesterday, af
ter having completed a tour of the
world. Nakamura was not aware that
his country and Russia had met in
conflict until his arrival in the United
States. Asked whether he intended
returning to Japan to join the Mika
do's forces, he said that it was his in
tention first to continue his journey,
which will take him into South Amer
ica. Everywhere he has met with
hospitality and he carries a book in
which is recorded the cities of the
world he hats visited, the records be
ing duly attested by officials whose
signatures are accompanied with
great civic seals.
ST. LOUIS. March 2.— Under the protection
of five mounted - police fifty men were taken
Into the World's Fair, grounds to-day and put
at work ' In place of the striking laborers on
loads and track grading and landscape work.
Sue* Dr. Ka/.ci for Damages.
Dr. Louis Bazet. formerly a mem
ber of the Board of Health, who
¦while driving on Oolden Gate avenue
January 24 last, ran over William
Robertson, was sued for S305 damages
by Joseph Higgins, Robertson's guar
dian, yesterday.
Take home the right kind of a pack
age- Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast. •
VEWKIRK. O. T.. March 2.— A jury here
to-d»y acquitted Mrs. Newt Farrls. chargred
*lth the munler of her huphand at Kaw City,
Aujrun <> last. Mrs. Farris fhot her husband
*'hl!e he was abusing her.
Red Eyes and Eyelids. Granulated
Eyelids and otfcT Eyp troubles cured by
Murlne Eye n<rn«»dy. •
Lnui« Levy, who claims to be the
nephew of Julius Friedman, the capi
talist who died at the Palace Hotel,
leaving an estate worth $46,000. filed
a petition for the distribution of the
estate yesterday. Levy is acting as
his own lawyer in the proceedings.
Wants Friedman's Estate,
Harold Bauer, who easily proved him
self the greatest pianist before the pub
lic on Tuesday night, will give his sec
ond concf-rt to-night at Lyric Hall, when
an entirely new programme will be pre
sented. Mr. Bauer's farewell recital will
take place Saturday afternoon.
Bauer Concert To-Ni^hi.
*Y Sergeant Blank testified to making
the arrest and subsequent? events and
Assistant | Bond Clerk Bernard Flood
told about' taking the dying statement.
An adjournment was then taken until
to-day at. 10 a. m.
Ernest Fournier, a 14-year-old mes
senger boy, . residing at 683 San Jose
avenue, was placed on' the stand. : He
said he was going home, on the night
of November S and heard loud talking
coming from the Dirking residence.
He placed his bicycle against the fence
and listened. Feld wasoutside of the
partly -opened door, trying to force
his way into the house, and was strik
ing some-one. Dirking then came out
and said, "You , had ' better get away
from here." Feld- then stepped back
and fired' a shot at Dirking. Dirking
followed Feld up the hill toward Cali
fornia avenue. Cross r examihation
failed to shake the boy's testimony, al
though the defense adopted the same
tactics in regard to testimony, given
at: the preliminary hearing. • * -
Mrs. Clementina Dirking.the widow,
was next called upon to relate her
story. Her testimony was practically
the same i as given j by, Fritz Dirking,
with the additional , Information that
Feld had struck her with the bar
while • she was endeavoring to keep
him put. • District Attorney. Byington
attempted to show by this witness that
from bruises on Mrs. Feld's body after
the tragedy her husband had. also
struck her, but the court sustained an
objection. During the recital of her
testimony Mrs. Dirking's eyes filled
.with tears on more than one occasion.
Cross-examination of the same char
acter to .which the preceding witness
had been subjected failed to shake her
testimony. ' .
WIDOW GIVES TESTIMONY.
the knife had never been found and
that when his wife accused him of do
ing the shooting Feld made a threaten
ing movement toward hen {
Dr. William P. Chilson of St. Luke's
Hospital was next placed upon the
stand and described the location of the
bullet wound -and the. extent of the
scalp injuries. He gave it as his opin
ion that the wound on the head could
have been made by a bar similar to
the one in evidence.
Dirking senior then pushed his wife
aside ; and Feld struck him with .an
Iron bar. The boy says he then
heard Feld use several vile names/saw
him draw a revolver and fire a shot.
Feld, followed by' Dirking, went - up
the street, and after going a- short
distance turned and said, "I 'have got
something quicker than a knifel"
Young Dirking then; ran* to . Mission
street for an officer and returned . to
the house. , He heard scuffling in \ r his
sister'p room and-thereupon went" into
an •. adjoining room *and secured, .his
father's revolver.' " At this . juncture,
Feld came' out into the hallway with
his wife holding him by the hands.
The boy stated: that he pointed' .; the
revolver at Feld's'head and tried ..to
pull .the hammer down, but without
avail. Some one.was'heard approach
ing from the' outside and Feld ' "said,
"Here, take this^gun; M the, police; are
coming," at the same time . handing
the. weapon to his. , wife. Two -men
came in and held Feld until \ the- ar
rival of Sergeant Blank. .. To , the.-of
ficer Feld accused the boy of." having
fired the shot, but Mrs. Feld said 'her
husband was the guilty person. • '
- At this juncture the prosecution sub
mitted for, Dirking's inspection the;re- ;
volvers,' and, upon his identification,
they were admitted in evidence. ; An
iron bar, in reality a. "jimmy." ¦ pur
porting to be the one carried by Feld,
was offered as an exhibit for the peo
ple, to which the defense. objected on
the ground that it had not been proven
that it was. the bar in question. 'After
some argument Judge ¦ Dunne "over
ruled the objection, made. , The, dead
man's coat and .vest "were next v intro
duced by the prosecution. .
•Upon cross-examination the- defense
endeavored to impeach the witness by.
reading from -the record, particularly
relative to" the iron, bar. and what" Feld'
said f upon --the ; arrival of -Sergeant
Blank. From questions 'about the'size
of. the knife a foundation was ;laid for
Bell-defense. It was brought out that
KNIFE WAS NEVER FOUND.
The lad told a graphic story of the
tragedy, and, although somewhat
nervous upon cross-examination, all
attempts of the defense to impeach
his testimony on material points by
reading from the transcript; of v his
testimony taken in the police court
failed. . . .; ?
He said that on the night^of No
vember 2, 1903. he was in the kitchen
of the house at 11 Fair avenue, read
ing, and that his father, mother and
sister' were in the same room. Their
attention was first attracted by -the
barking of a dog, and then they,
heard the footsteps of a person com
ing toward the back door. Mrs. Feld
wife of the defendant, exclaimed,
"He's coming," and bolted the "door.
His father then told the women to
get out of the room and the. boy.
armed himself with a bread knife.
Feld started kicking on the door' and
Mrs. Dirking ran through the > hall
crying "Murder!" She went to the
front door and Feld ) came ud the
alley- way alongside of the house. The
boy's father then ~ went through' the
hallway, and as he did so the lad
gave him the knife and told him' "to
protect himself." ;- When he reached
the front door Feld was trying to
force an entrance and his mother was
endeavoring to.keei* him out.
EX-POLICEMAN WHO KILLED HIS FATHER-IN-LAW, AND POR
TRAITS OF THE WIDOW OF THE DEAD MAN AND HER SON,
WHO GAVE STRONG TESTIMONY AGAINST THE ACCUSED.
Golden Gate Hall was very hand
somely decorated last evening for the
annual banquet of the association.
Festoons of flags and bunting hid the
ceiling and a flower screen stretched
across the stage concealed the or
chestra, which furnished music that
could not, however, drown the merry
din of hundreds of voices. About a
third of the diners were ladies. C. H.
Philpott was the toastmaster and kept
the company in a happy mdod as he
inntroduced the following speakers: J.
C. White, "General Topics" ;J.W. Hell
man, "Why the Retail Hardware Mer
chants Should Work in Harmony With
the Wholesalers"; Roy Hall, retiring
president ¦ of the association, "Love
One Another"; G. A. Gutman, "Mr.
Dinkelspiel"; J. C. Nailor, "Standing
Together"; A. Carrigan, "Pleasures of
Business Life"; E. Janssen, "Once War
Was Business, Now Business Is War";
Mr. Harris, "Retail Merchants From
a Traveling Man's Standpoint." Other
addresses were delivered by L. Walsh,
A. A. Watkins, A. C. Rulofson and W.
R. Wheeler. The speeches were all
brief and pointed arid they were re
ceived with much applause.
ANNUAL BANQUET.
Log Cabin! "The bread with a flavor." Ask
your dealer — wholesale — 900 Dolores at. •
bay. For this afternoon a trolley ride
about the city has been arranged for
the ladles, who will start from the cor
ner of Post and Montgomery streets at
1:30 o'clock.
STOCKTON. March 2. — H. R. McNoble.
grand president of the Native. Sons of th«
Golden West, has Just returned from, a rlsit to
every parlor in the State from Stockton
to Mexico.
For a persistent Cough, Piso's Cure for Con
sumption Is an effectual remedy. All druggists.*
Police Officer } George W. .Russell,
who made the diagram of the-prem
ises at 11 Fair avenue, was the first
witness called. He explained the dia
gram to the jury. Fritz Dirking, the
16-year-old son of the man who was
killed, was next placed on the stand.
District Attorney Byington then
made an opening statement of the facts
In the case and of what the prosecu
tion Intended to prove. He told of the
events of the night of the shooting and
said the prosecution would prove that
the crime 'was ' premeditated from
threats made by the defendant on three
occasions. . ..* •
Feld was one of the most interested
persons In the courtroom and at no
time did he evince any particular nerv
ousness. He held a handkerchief in
his right hand and the other clasped
the hand of his mother, who sat by his
side. He was to prompt his at
tcrneys on material points and during
the entire proceedings failed to show
by any outward sign that he appre
ciated the seriousness of his position.
During the testimony given by Mrs.
Dirking, the widow of the man he
slew, Feld eyed her steadily and even
the tears shed by the 'somber ..little
woman in black during the recital' of
the events of that fateful -night' failed
to move him.
BOV TELLS OF TRAGEDY.
In the cross-examination of witnesses
counsel for the defendant showed that
it will endeavor to combat the testi
mony of the prosecution's witnesses by
showing that Feld acted In self-de
fense and that a conspiracy exists in
the family of the deceased to manu
facture damaging testimony. This lat
ter feature was borne out by the ex
haustive cross-examination by Attor
ney W. IL Alford on contradictory tes
timony given by the witnesses at the
preliminary examination and the ad
mission by Attorney J. A. Spinetti in
an interview that it was the intention
of the defense to establish that fact by
pointing out to the jury the discrep
ancies in testimony given at the pre
vious hearing of the case.
Contrary to expectations the opening
day of the trial in Judge Dunne's couri
of Joseph Feld, the ex-policeman,
charged with the murder of Fritz Dirk
ing, his father-in-law, on the night of
November 2, 1903, was devoid of any
thing that savored of the sensational.
Rapid progress was made by the pros
ecution and by adjournment time this
afternoon it is thought the defense will
have presented all of its testimony.
WASHINGTON. March 2.— The President
to-day sent to the SenatA the nomination of
Louise L LiU as postmistress at Mill Valley.
Cal.
Advertising mailing cards printed by Edw,
S. Knowlec. 24 Second street. •
LOS AGN'ELES. March 2. — Harry Fernald.
an employe of the Los Angeles Brick Com
pany, was caught by a heavy belt whlla oil
ing the machinery of the plant to-day, drawn
around a pulley and killed. Fernald leaves a
wife, who is seriously 111.
A charge of being found in posses
sion of tools for counterfeiting coin will
b« made against tho prisoners.
Whether the woman informed him
as to the whereabouts of the die is
unknown, but Varni, suspecting that
it was in possession of Carossi, caused
his arrest on a charge of carrying con
cealed weapons. While Carossi was in
custody Varni searched his room, but
was unable to find the die. Then to
Fhow that he bore no enmity toward
his friend he engaged a lawyer to de
ffettd Carossi from the charge which
he himself had made.-
It w?s while these persons were in
the City Prison about a month ago
that Detective Sergeant McManus
Jearned that they were suspected of
being engaged in counterfeiting and
he communicated with United States
Secret Service Agent George W. Hazen,
•who at once detailed shadowers to fol
low the suspects wherever they went,
day and night.
At 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon Vis
ciglio and Carossi were seen to enter
Varnl's shep with something heavy
wrapped in a newspaper. When the
men came out they were arrested by
Foster and McManus, while Hazen and
Cronin searched the locksmith. In his
pockets they found the steel die. to
gether with the collar and the chuck.*
Varni denied all former knowledge
of the die, but the secret service men
f'&y that they have a good case against
him. They have learned that his wife
used to buy the Mexican dollars which
Varr.i is said to have restamped into
American standard dollars.
¦ The exposure of the gang came about
indirectly through a woman who be
fore her marriage with Varni consorted
¦with him and was known as Julia Ca
riglia. The woman and Varni had a
quarrel, and in order to revenge her
pelf or to hold it over his head as a
threat she stole the steel die from
Varni. He was very much put out
about its loss and consulted a lawyer
concerning the matter. He was ad
vised to marry the woman, for as His
wife ehe would not be allowed to tes
tify against him in court. Varni ac
cepted the advice and nfarried the wo
man in the latter part of January of
this year.
For several months past the secret
service men have been trying to lo
cate the plant from which counterfeit
silver dollars have been issued. These
are the most dangerous of all counter
feits, for they are made of pure coin
eilver and would be received at par
anywhere. A close inspection of some
of .the pieces found recently shows that
they had been stamped out of Mexican
silver dollars.
United States , Secret" Service Agents
Hazen, Foster, McManus and Cronin
made important arrests yesterday aft
ernoon and seized a steel die that had
been used in the manufacture of. coun
terfeit dollar pieces. The prisoners are
Marsigrlio Yarni. a locksmith and gun
smith diring business at S10 Sansome'
street, and two of his companions
named Giuseppi Carossi and Francisco
Visciglio. who had been recently em
ployed in the fisheries In- Alaska.
¦The executive committee's report out
lined the work before the; convention
at some length, and then the nominat
ing committee, which had been in ses
sion for several hours, reported. Upon
its recommendation the following offi
cers were chosen for the year: Presi
dent, ' O. F. Sites of . the Palace Hard
ware-Company, San Francisco; vice
president,' G. A.; Gutman of Orland;
secretary,* Henry Gracey of San Fran
cisco,- who has held "that post since the
association ¦' was formed In 1900; treas
urer, H.C. Bennett,, San Francisco.
A number of noteworthy papers will
be read and discussed to-day. . .
During the afternoon the wives and
other .'. women friends of the members
of the association were entertained In
an excursion on the steamer Monticello,
which took them upon a tour of the
leaSing points of interest about the
After a preliminary session yester
day morning, which credentials were
presented and \ committees appointed,
the convention | got down to business
at. 2 'o'clock and listened, to the an
nual report of the president, Roy Hall
of Fresncv President Hall reviewed the
conditions obtaining in the hardware
trade during the year and discussed the
work, of . the association, past and fu
ture. He prophesied continued prosper
ity for business in the State during the
current twelvemonth. The report of
Secretary Henry Gracey was also read.
It showed a gain of eighty members
since the last convention, bringing the
total up to 390. The affairs of the asso
ciation were. shown to.be in a most sat
isfactory condition. ¦
OFFICERS FOR THE YEAR.
Four hundred delegates and members
of the California State Retail Hard
ware Association gathered yesterday
morning at the third annual conven
tion of the association held, at the
California Hotel. The meeting will
continue to-day and to-morrow, and a
large amount of important . business
will be .transacted. , Yesterday's .ses
sions were given, up to the routine work
of organization and the election of offi
cers for the coming year. A banquet
was held last night at Golden Gate
Hall.. This evening Jjie association will
be entertained at Fischer's Theater,
where Kolb and Dill will give a num
ber of special turns for the benefit of
the hardware men and everybody will
be well "roasted." ; .
Doings of Counterfeiters
Revealed by the Angered
Wife of Locksmith Yarni
Yearly Banquet Given by
San Franciscans Proves a
Feast of Good Fellowship
XEW OFFICERS CHOSEN
THREE OF GANG CAUGHT
Secret Service Men Find
Die That Turned Mexican
Dollars Into American
Four Hundred Members of
Stale Eetail Association
Meet in Annual Convention
Opening Day of the Trial Is Not . 'Characterized by Any Testimon>
That Savors of the Sensational—Witnesses for the People Tel
Stories That Are Unshaken by Attorneys for the Defendan
SILVER PESOS
MAKE BAD COIN
HARDWARE MEN
TALK OF TRADE
JOSEPH FELD, CHARGED WITH MURDER,
FACES A JURY IN SUPERIOR COURT
~HE SAN FRANGISGO CALL, THURSDAY, MARGH 3, 1904
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To those who have suf-
fered long and hopelessly
from Humors of the
Blood, Skin, and[/ Scalp,
and who have lost faith
in doctors, medicines, and
all things human, CUTI-
CURA Soap, Ointment,
and Pills appeal with a
force hardly to be realized.
Every hope, every expec-
tation awakened by them
has been more than ful-
filled. More great cures
of Simple, Scrofulous, and
Hereditary Humors are
daily made by them than
by all other Blood and
Skin Remedies combined,
a single set, costing but
one dollar, being of ten
sufficient to cure the
most distressing cases
when'all else fails.
'."¦-* Bold threothont the world. Cutieurt Befolmt, Me.
(In form of ChocoJ«te Cs*t(4 P11U, 25c. per »U1 of €0),
Ointment, Me., 8oa«, We. - Drpott: London, 27 Chtrter.
home 8q.| Paris, 3 Kne <le la Palx; Bo«on, V.7 Coiamba*
' A*«. Potter Otuz * Chem. Corp., Soie Propi. '
¦a- Scad for ¦• Alt About tit Skin and Scalp.".
HALE'S. | HAaiE'S.
Good goods and a good store— -Hale s.
More Silk Interest.
Your Easter needs anticipate at Hale's.
Potigces— Still a few plain ones at 75c, but they are begin-
ning to run low; 85c, $1.00 and $1.25 lines are still complete. Those with
embroidered dots are $1.00.
Japanese Silks — Favorites for waists and even children's
dresses, plain white, 35c. Those with embroidered dots, 85c.
$1.25 Pcau dc Cygnes at 65c— Cardinal, old rose, delicate
pink and changeable rose; only those four shades. Else it wouldn't be
half price. It's an elegant French silk with deep luster — silk that doesn t
crack or split. You couldn't find a greater favorite for shirt waists or
party dresses. But best of all is this
$1.00 Black Peau de Soie at 75c.
A beautiful cloth, heavy, dressy, in a deep rich black; perfect texture;
in fact as good a $iioo quality as we know of and yet inside buying makes
this little lot 75c to-day. Who won't want some to-day?
Special Underwear for
Women at 39c.
In the window and on the bargain table to-day.
Fine spring-weight garments most women want now. Garments that
are not to be had regularly under 50c, and would not be now if our New
York man hadn't run across this little straggling lot.
White cotton vests and pants, ribbed and shaped, high necks, long
sleeves, trimmed with silk shell stitching, pearl buttons. Pants
with sateen bands, ankle length.
========== Cash books. good ¦_ They're cro-
OfflCe manila paper.ruled, Bed Spreads cheted ones,
onIv 4C * n()r white. with
Stationery Those IarRC desk Uc Marseilles pat-
1 ¦ " blotters are 5c; . terns; full dou-
smaller blotters in packages ble size; measure 76x87 in. A
(24), ioc. very unusual spread for the
Ledgers and journals, canvas- price,
covered, 200 pages, 25c. Heavier ones at $1.00, $1.25.
Rent and plain receipt books, ioc Marseilles spreads are $1.00,
and 25c. $-2.50, $2.75 and on up.
Black ink, Carter's, large bottles, The Comforters.
Sponge-top bottles of mucilage, Y< H a ie'!, WayS **' g °° d ° n " **
Stenographer's note bcoks, 25c. Great many to choose from.
Plain stick files, 5 c £" d not hl & h P ncc3 to W-
Shannon's board files, 50c. lhesc two:
T thrarv «aet.» fnr nffle* ti«#» er ?5c whlte cotton filled ones, doubl* »lz».
.LiDrary paste tor omce use, 5c neo hsavy df>ub i« t>«i .j,,. pure wtiu, eot-
and IOC. ton filled: both sides .covered with floured
Those light green eyeshades, eel- «iiJcoiine : .titched or tufted; u iood u are
luloid, 25c. " f - m
Floor Shine— no mixing, no painter. &^a 4^^ Z£$$k
Floor Shine is the spring tonic for £& —^^*toi>t> OQOOg^^
floors— no place but Hate's. Market Street, Hear Sixth.
39 STOCKTON STSXiiST.
Telephone Main 5523.
A crowded atore and greatly Increased
j sales Is a positive proof of the Immense
popularity of our special weekly offertnes.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS.
Creamery Butter, per square.. 35c
Last week's butter sale was the largest.
y«t quality Jast as rood tals week.
Re*. 40c.
Ranch Eggs, per doz 20c
Only the best Santa, Rcsa and Potaluma
stock. Res. 25c.
English Breakfast Tea. per Ib . 35c
A treat for all lovers of jcood t*a.
Res. SOc.
Navel Oranges, per doz 25c
Selected stock. Reg. SOc.
Finnan Haddies, per Ib 15c
New stock Just arrived. First cut on
the orlce this season, too. Res. SOc.
: Armour's White Label Lard-
s'*. B'». iVm.
} Special price*. 3O«s. OOc. 91.15. k
Reff. prices. 40c. 70c. $1.25. >
; Never falls In excellence of quality.
: Ripe Olives, per qt 25c
• One o! the most healthful of delicact«9.
Ideal Laundry Soap, 7 cakes for 25c
Once used always used. Reg- * for 23c.
Cannzd Tomatoes. 3 cans 25c; doz 95c
The Hesperian brand. Res. 10c per can.
BlsseH's Cycle Bearing Carpet
Sweepers $2.00 Each
The housekeepers* best friend. Res. $2.80
0. K Bourbon, bot 75c; Cal $3.00
A fine family whisky. Res. 91 and $4.
Hermitage Rye. per bot 90c
A whisky worth having. Re*. $1.23.
Lie bis* s Extract of Malt, doz 51.63
An excellent tonic for tired peepX
Re«. $2.
Claret, per gal 40c
A healthful light drink. Re*. 60c
[ Dollar m I
D • / f\ TeaS ft
Premium 4L 1 1 coffees 1
Free " spices I
... c . c«nt5 Baking I
with Each \xr n^ u ». * $
| Worth Powder ||
A thousand kinds jM 1
to Select from. «^jS J
H It Pays to F|
J*- Trade at J f
Great American Importing Tea Co's I
r ' Stores u!
8OKack«« SlOOrmntaT. lASI^Ik El
I 140 Sixth UaaOmrimdef TC6 Larkin ¦
j 475Hal«at 8006 Sixteenth ZZ& Hayes E
328S Mission C21 Monts"y are. B2 Market B
[ SOOSFQImora 1615 Mission 14o Ninth R
|^Thfad2^24th 469Pourth 8
| ...TO-DAY... |
• To-Morrow and Saturday •
g * AT 2:30 p. m. •
lAUCTIONi
jS EXTRAORDINARY J
g TO CXiOSS OUT •
© THE ENTIRE STOCK OB* C
g RARE ANTIQUE • •
!• PER5IAN=== |
® A RUG SALE WITHOUT PARALLEL, •
* IN DISTORT. m
J GENUINE BbNA-FIDE AUCTION •
•' MlHRAiM'S 2os post*$
f IMIIII \ HI1 STREET S
ADVERTISEMENTS.
K • go giTCHxar ssoplj be withopt owe. 0
j SAW/ED BURNER J
j GAS HOT PLATE j
f TXtlili HXCXEXi — Guaranteed Not to Blow Back the name. . «f
JV 1-Burner, 81.50; a-Borner, $2.50; 3-Bnrner, S3. 73> W
H THESE ASS BEGTOXAR PRICES. * ¦
§ WE STILL HAVE BARGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS I
K SEE OUK BXTSH-STKEET "WTKDO WS. ¦ - - It
ft? I ¦ *'^ ' '^^b *7& "W T Tf^^^ w jk j A
fob 1 .. A^ka^Bl - JL^aV^Aef Cjt (J Jl 1 £>Hk C9J1* . '^™* la