Fred Griffen, brother of J D."-B.'Griffeh
who » was vkllled,! was : greatly * shocked
War JVe-ws Continued on Pays 1*
WASHINGTON. March 20.—Secre
tary Hay yesterday exchanged ra tinea-'
lions'* of the Haytien. naturalization
treaty, which will become almost im
mediately, effective. It contains . a
clause prescribing' definitely, , that a
naturalized citizen*who returns to the
country of his nativity and .. remains
there continuously for more than two
years may : be regarded as having
abandoned the citizenship he acquired
by naturalization.
llaytien Treaty Ratified.
Warships Ready for Service.
LJBAU, Russia, March 20. — The
warships which have been wintering
here are now ready to go into com
mission.
WASHINGTON.March 20.— Count Cas
sini, the Russian Embassador, has been
instructed by the Russian Minister of
Finance categorically to deny the re
port which has been current in several
European capitals to ,the effect that
Russia .was forbidding the exportation
of any grain from the empire. The
Russian Minister of Finance, in a ca
blegram to Count Cassini to-day, says
there is absolutely no ground for the
report! '.
Russia Denies False Report.
CONSTANTINOPLE. March 20.—
The Russian and Austrian embassies
to-night renewed their pressure upon
the Porte to accept unaltered the
Austro-Russian scheme of reforms in
Macedonia. The Russo-Austrian note
pointed out that the counter proposal
of the Porte made on March 17. which
objected to the placing of foreign of
ficers In command of the gendarmerie,
in -Macedonia, did not tally with Tur
key's original acceptance of the re
form scheme. The note warned the
Porte of the grave consequences that
would follow any further delay.
The Sultan received Baron von Bier
berstein, the German Embassador, in
private audience yesterday.
The Lady Cairns was a three-masted
ship of 1616 tons. She was com
manded by Captain Levins and was
bound from Liverpool to Timur, New
Zealand. The Lady Cairns was built
at Uelfast in 1869 and was owned by
L. Tulloch of Swansea. ,~
The Mona was commanded by Cap
| tain Schwartzing and was last reported
j at Adrissen.
*
f*
36.13 for the entire season last year.
Up to this date last season the rainfall
here was 31.76 inches.
STOCKTON, March 20.—The rain con
tinues and the waters about Stockton
¦ are booming. Bouldin Island is re
| ported safe this evening, but the men
i patrolling the levees expect to have a
hard fight of it soon. Word from points
to the east is to the effect that the wa
ter is rising in the Calaveras. Mokel
umne and San Joaquin rivers, though
they are not yet as high now as they
have already been this season. The
continued rain is a menace, however,
and the keenest anxiety is felt.
NAPA. March 20.—Heavy showers of
rain and hail visited here yesterday
and to-day. The weather has turned
considerably colder. The rainfall for
the twenty-four hours preceding. 2
o'clock this afternoon amounted to .30
of an inch. This makes the total for
the season 27.22 Inches, against 24.17
inches for last season to corresponding
date. • .
SAN JOSE, . March 20.—The rain
storm continues in .this valley. The
precipitation to-day was .32.- The
ground is thoroughly soaked and the
streams are all running bank full;
POKTE IS WAEXED
TO ACCEPT BALKAN
REFOKM SCHEME
DUBLIN, March 20.— The German
bark Mona collided with the English
ship Lady Cairns off Dublin Bay this
morning. The Lady Cairns sank in a
few minutes. Her crew of twenty-two
were drowned. The Mona, which was
much damaged, was assisted into Dub
lin harbor.
English Ship Lady Cairns Sunk in Col
lision With Bark 3Iona..
SHIP AXD CREW GO DOWN.
LOS ANGELES,- March 20.— D. B.
Griffen, "'a wealthy cattleman, member
of the firm of Murphy & Griffen, who
own large tracts in Tulare County and
thousands of acres in the rlmperial dis
trict of San Diego ; County, either; fell
or threw himself between the cars of
an east bouxid Southern Pacific train ¦ a
few miles cast of ;Indio this afternoon
and his body was ?' ground "to pieces.
Whether K was an accident or j suicide
is not known, but those who were^with
Griffen on the train are inclined : to ithe
belief that he .willfully ended his life.-
Grlfferi had' been/ to Imperial to^in
spect his cattle' interests and to make
arrangements for the acquisition of ad
ditional lands. .He • left there at ;. 3
o'clock this morning along, with anuni-,
ber of well known '.Los Angeles men.
He was sober,. but his actions were such
on .the train that those -about him
'doubted *his~: sanity.- In* response^ to,
questions as where he was going he
stated that h& would leave the /train" at.
the next-station. .'As station after sta
tion passed it was always • the | "next
station" that "•was '.to -be" hi3 -stopping
place. "-The train" was delayed "by a
slight freight wreck, and this seemed to
greatly worry' Griff en. When the train
was a few-miles east of Indlo-he.gave
the news agent a"- letter i addressed ;t'o
his brother, .Fred Griffen, ,824 Post
street, San -Francisco, .and told him to
mail it at' Indib. Several : times ¦ he
mentioned jthe 1 fact that it wasimpor r
tant that: the -,Ietter be- 'mailed ; there.
He had been riding in the smbkfng car
and got up while, the train was moving
rapidly and started .toward, the Jday
coach. As he stepped between the cars
he Avas seen '* to hesitate and then dis
appeared. ¦"'"•He -was ; missed "and the
train was stopped as quickly as possible.
The railroad men' found the fragments
of his 'body scattered:overthe?right of
way for a .hundred yards ;or ; niore,- ; the
trunk being' torn' to .pieces 'a.v.d r a • por
tion of ; theYhead'- torn; away: -Four
coaches, had passed over" the.' body.
• The "remains 'were 1 taken to Indio and
the'* coroner- aHRiverside 'notified. 1
It will be held there awaiting instruc-j
tions | from ; the- San J Francisco relatives
of the deceased:."- ':*'• - .; ¦'.'.*
Special 'Dispatch to The Call,
NEW YORK, March . 20. — The
newspapers; of Bolivia and Peru are
announcing under, "scare heads" that
after a search, extending through four
centuries the treasure of the Peruvian
Incas, burled in Bolivia; and valued at
$16,000,000,' has* just been discovered
by. a company of .British and Amer
ican-engineers.
". The • Bolivian newspapers • tell " of
great excitement among the, natives
'because of "the belief that gold-valued
at>$30,000,000 more : is awaiting, dis
covery.-, s
.According to the . stories, all ..this
treasure; • of :. the • purest gold, was
•found at^Chayaltaya.
'.. The legend \is ;.that 'about -370 years
ago at,the J time .of .the Spanish coii-
, quest, the • gold ;was burled by . Indians
for : the -Peruvian \ Incas, to be paid to
the' Spaniards as ransom for the libera
tion of Emperor 'Atahualba; but that
the .money was .refused .by .the Span
iards,* who Wiled the .Peruvian Em-,
"peror.- ;The treasure remained ' hidden.
Since j then innumerable' exploring par
ties, native and ; foreign, have made
fruitless '¦ search for the gold. V \
•It, was by a mere, accident .that the
lucky j finders | came ' upon ..the ancient
treasurer awhile" making. a ;8urvey and
driving: stakes they discovered the for
tune.- .. *A '. has now 1 . arisen
among them. as to Its division. " , j
'at the news of his brother's: death and
stated .last rilght that it- 4 was undoubt
"ediy.'due'to an accident. ~ He*, said:
[¦ :*•".' My i -brother had no- reason- whatso
\ ev'er ; that' would" cause- him- to take his
| L life and I am sure that he did not do so.;
{"He' was. forty; years of "age'and had al
ways been successful in his various en
terprises/»At the age/Of.«19 herleft'hls
; home -and If amily in -Dallas,', Texas, . and
came to Cal if ornia. He . never returned
}'= home/'ibut .1. have, corresponded ', .with
him coftstantly during that time. -My
brother was?; liked." by all \that~; knew
him: and -had. a large circle of business
acquaintances, -.as. -he large
numbers -of stock to; different "parts ;of
the country.". .., ' . ; ¦ . ; ,<•' :.'¦
f Fred Griff en j will . leave ,f or; Riverside
'on" this' morning's train and-* will take
charge of the remains:*, TheyiwiHin all
probability,; be r forwarded to Dallas,"
Texas', "where;the interment -will take
place.,-'"" ;-.;¦ '; :.„*., ..'-, : . .- '.'¦:, f .y~,. I- - ¦ •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUried Treasure Un
earthed by Men-
Is cans.
Provable Suicide of
Wealthy D. B.
Griffin. ;
Special Cable to The Call and Kew York
Herald. Copyright. 19O4, by the New Tor'*
Herald Publishing: Company.
YINKOW, March 20.— Two Americans
who arrived at Newchwang on Satur
day from Vladivostok say that half the
population there was unaware of the
recent bombardment until the next day.
No damage was done. All the women
and children have left the place.
The Americans could see a few sol
diers between Tsalchow and Neweh
wang, but witnessed no preparations
to defend the former station or the
railway line. Forty miles north of
Newchwang one railway bridge was de
fended by a single gun. South of that
point nothing had been done.
Harbin and Mukden are swarming
with troops, who seem to be coven
trating there. .
VLADIVOSTOK, March 20. — The
Russian military plans are progressing
satisfactorily here, along the main coast
and at Saghalien Island. Many inhab
itants continue to migrate to Khab
arovsk and Nlkolsk. and some women
and children are returning to Russia.
The first detachment of the Red Cross
from Russia has arrived and ha3 been
distributed among the field hospitals.
More than 100 nurses have been sent
from here to Manchuria and Korea.
The delivery of Russian malls to the
frontier and to ports is working fairly
well, and the telegraphs excellently.
Letters reach Vladivostok twenty-two
days after leaving St. Petersburg.
CATTLEMAN
DIES UNDER
CAR WHEELS
FIND VAST
WEALTH OF
THE INCAS
pound guns. The Japanese had three
killed and- four wounded.
Describing the bombardment of Port
Arthur, the same day, the correspond
ent asserts that more than 100 shells
fell in the town. The effect of the great
shells from the twelve-inch guns must
have been appalling. Outbreaks of fire
were seen and the report of an explo
sion was heard, which it Is surmised
occurred in one of the magazines of tha
forts. ¦
BOMBAKDMENT
OF VLADIVOSTOK
DOES NO DAMAGE
, The ; fight lasted nearly an hour. The
.weakness of the ¦ Russian torpedo-boat
destroyer armament again proved- fatal.
'The Japanese concentrated .their first
fire on the Russian twelve-pounder and
put'lt out of ''action early" in the fight,
leaving; her with only 'three-pounders
against ; their twelve-pounders and six-
.-\When - the; Stereguschtche - sank the
men "¦who .were locked In the cabin sank
with her. >
RUSSIAN. ARMAMENT WEAK.
On the Japanese side one- destroyer
was hit on the water line, two : of her
compartments were flooded and her
quick-firing ammunition was wetted.
This vessel retired from the actldn. Her
officers...- escaped r narrowly from a
twelve-pound shot, which struck the
platform In. front ".of ¦the bridge, killing
one man and sweeping the bridge .with
splinters. -The same vessel received a
three-pound shot through" the hull, but
the damage was repaired ¦ within four
daysl - . - ¦¦ .. ,; "y*v, "!
. .A Japanese lieutenant who boarded
the Stereguschtche^said.he had never
seen a more sickening sight. Thirty
bodies, terribly mutilated by a shell,
were lying on the deck. As the Japa
nese, approached \ two Russian bluejack
ets ¦• rushed from the conning -tower,
locked themselves in the cabin aft and
refused . to come out. Two stokers
jumped overboard and were" picked up.
These, with ; two wounded men, were
the -only 1 survivors of a crew, of flfty
five. SS5lS£93tl3S3B
Describing the fight between the
Russian and Japanese torpedo-boats,
the correspondent confirms the report
of the fierceness of the contest. The
vessels were so close that the Russians
threw charges of explosives on the
bridge of one of the - Japanese boats.
These, however, failed to detonate. All
of the - vessels engaged were more or
less damaged. The Japanese losses
were six killed, and eight wounded.
That the Russians were defeated in
spite of 'their superior numbers is due
to the better shooting of the Japanese
and the fact that the Russian vessels
were armed % with three-pound guns,
while the armament of the Japanese
ships was made up of six-pounders.
In reference to the fight of three
hours which occurred later, the corre
spondent says the Rusians fought with
desperation and the Japanese with con
fidence born of their past victories.
One Russian commander was killed
early in the fight. A lieutenant then
took - command, ' only to fall, shot In
both legs. Then the command de
volved upon the sub-llentenant, who
also was shot and killed after taking
the wheel himself. When the cock
swain fell -this vessel was captured by
the Japanese. The other Russian ves
sels escaped.
RETIRES FROM 1 ACTION.
The correspondent says that Vice Ad
miral Kamimura's bombardment of
Vladivostok was solely intended to
harass, the. Russians and compel the
Russian cruisers to leave the harbor.
The vice admiral brought his ships
within opposite range of the dead point
of -the forts on the northwest entrance.
The Rusians did not reply because the
Japanese vessels took up a position be
yond the arc of the training of their
guns. 1 Vice Admiral Kamimura, the
correspondent says, sailed south on
March 11 after searching Amur Bay.
' Since Vice Admiral Makaroff's ar
rival at Port Arthur, he adds, the Rus
sian defensive-tactics have been more
active, and their torpedo-boat destroy
ers more alert and enterprising.
EVERY VESSEL DAMAGED.
LONDON, March 21.— A correspon
dent* of • the -Times with the Japanese
forces sends by. wireless telegraphy, via
Weihaiwei," under date of March 20, a
graphic storr.- of the battle at
Port Arthur on Mareh'9.~ He says that
Admiral'. Togo, has been comparatively
passive, according to the last advices,
and that "Port Arthur has been given
a respite, although the cruisers and the
torpedo-boat destroyers have kept up
a close blockade.
Not a Vessel Escapes Damage in
Combat of Torpedo Craft.
. COMMANDER OP THE RUSSIAN NAVAL. FORCES IN THE PAR EAST. WHO 13
DUBBED -THE CO8SACK OF THE SEA": THE OFFICER WHOM txE HAS DIS
PLACED, AND A WAR SCENE ON L.IAOTUNG PENINSULA.
Treese has been in the city for
about seven. months and is employed
by Byron Jackson. Mrs. Butler
stated at the hospital last night that
she had only known Treese a month
and knew of no one that would shoot
him out of revenge. In telling her
story she said that they did not see a
pistol in the hand of the highwayman
when he stopped them and It was
only after Treeso started after the
fellow that she saw the weapon and
so Informed her escort It is her im
pression that the thug again ran into
the alleyway where he first appeared
after firing the second shot. ¦->
Detectives Graham; Fitzgerald. Bun
ner. Mulcahy, Freel and O'Dea are
working on the en s=e. . '
He is described as a young nian
dressed in a black coat, back derby
hat and dark trousers. Owing to the
darkness neither Mrs. Butler nor
Treese were able to give the police a
description that might lead to the cap
ture of thjp fellow.
At St. Joseph's Hospital Dr. Ander
son ascertained that the bullet had
gone through the left shoulder blade
from the back, but was unable to lo
cate it by probing. Treese's condi
tion, although serious, is not neces
sarily fatal. Detective O'Dea, who is
working on the case, stated last night
that the case did not look like one,
of holdup and intimated that revenge
may have played a prominent part in
the crime.
Upon being struck by the bullets
Treese considered it foolhardy to battle
further against odds and immediately
turned and ran to the drug store at the
corner of Twenty-second and Guerrero
streets. There Dr. Joseph Brady made
an examination of the wounds and ap
plied a temporary dressing. Upon the
request of the wounded man he was
removed to St. Joseph's Hospital.
The shots caused intense, excitement
in the neighborhood. Officer J. T. Gal
lagher, who was in the neighborhood,
arrived on the scene a few minutes af
ter the shooting, but could find no
trace of the footpad. Both Treese and
Mrs. Butler agree on the description of
the highwayman.
DESCRIPTION OF THUG.
During the enactment of this tragic
affair Mrs. Butler. pluckily remained
on the scene and followed the men
into the street. Not for a moment
did she lose her self-possession until
the shots were fired; she admits that
after that the only thing she remem
bers is running with Treese to a
nearby drug store.
Treese made a sudden lunge with the
umbrella and as he did so there was a
flash and report and the middle finger
of Treese's left hand was shot away
at the second joint. Treese whirled
around and, as he did so, the thug
fired a second time, hitting him in the
back.
The robber backed to the edge of the
sidewalk and said, "I told you to put
up hands." Treese pluckily started to
attack him again with the umbrella.
The ominous snap of the hammer of
the thug's pistol was heard, but the
cartridge failed to explode. By this
time both men were in the street.
Treese advancing and the robber re
treating.
Shortly after 8 o'clock last evening
while Treese and Mrs. A. Butler were
walking down the south side of Twen
ty-second street, between Dolores and
Chattanooga streets, a fellow weariner
a white handkerchief j across his face
stepped out of a dark alley * /and j'or
dered them to throw up their, hands..
Instead of complying' with* tWT reauest
Treese, who - is a - powerful man. dealt
the thug a blow across the arm with
an umbrella he was carrying. .
ROBBER FIRES SHOTS.
Failure to comply with the peremp
tory command, "Hands up," and an at
tempt to give battle to a footpad last
night, may cost E. J. Treese, an iron
molder, his life. As the result of the
encounter he now lies in a precarious
condition at St. Joseph's Hospital, with
the middle finger of his left hand shot
away and a bullet hole in his back.
This crime by one of the murderous
crooks that now infest the city oc
curred in one of the thickly settled sec
tions of the city, but as usual there is
no clew to his identity and the police
are working in the dark. The fact that
his intended victim was accompanied
by a woman did not deter the thug
from attempting to carry out his plans.
SOUTHAMPTON. March 20. — The
American line steamship . New York,
Captain Young, from New York March
12 for Plymouth, Cherbourg and South
ampton, met with two mishaps to-day,
grounding off Cape La Hague, France,
in the early morning and later coming
into collision in the English Channel
with the Peninsula and Oriental steam
ship Assaie, under contract " to the
British Government and used as a
troopship bound for Bombay with 500
troops on board.
The New York grounded while ap
proaching Cherbourg at 2:30 o'clock
this morning during a fog. The sea
was smooth, however, and the tide was
on the flood and within an hour and a
half the vessel was floated without as
sistance. Her bottom was damaged
and there was water in the holds, but
she was able to proceed.
During the voyage up the channel a
dense fog descended. When off Hurst
Castle, England, the Assaye suddenly
appeared -and. it- was found Impossible
to avoid a collision. The New York's
bow crashed Into the Asaie's star
board bow, tearing a great gap in that
vessel. The New York's bowsprit and
figurehead were carried away an* the
latter was smashed into fragments.
There was great excitement on both
vessels. The boats of the Assaie were
lowered and the troops were mustered,
but the bulkhead of the troopship saved
her and the vessel was able to enter
Southampton and the New York was
docked at 6:30 o'clock for temporary
repairs. Nobody was injured. It will
be impossible to estimate the damage
to the New York until 6he has been
put into drydock.
It is believed that both vessels have
been seriously injured. Another ves
sel will replace the Asaie.
When the New York grounded at
Cape La Hague the passengers, who
were asleep, hardly felt the shock.
James Sellers, a passenger on the
New York, says that while he was at
luncheon there was a grating noise,
followed by a tremendous shock. Every
.one, he says, ran to the deck and It
was found that the New York's bow
was firmly fixed in the side of the As
saie. Sellers was close enough to ob
serve the marvelous discipline aboard
the troop ship. Not a second was lost
and there was no sign of a hurry and,
while the boats were being prepared
for launching, the soldiers were mus
tered with the precision of an orderly
drill.
"As, the vessels parted," concluded
Sellers, "we saw a gaping hole In the
Assaie ten feet wide and sticking ,on
our stem was a portmanteau and other
portable property. There was no panic
on our boat. Had we struck the As
saie amidships she would hare sunk."
The greatest damage has been done
by creeks overflowing their banks and
inundating hundreds of acres of young
fruit and vegetable farms. All over the
county thoroughfares have been great
ly harmed, by washouts and sinkholes.
Both the California -Northwestern and
the North Shore railroads have been
damaged by landslides. The precipita
tion for San Rafael and vicinity. up, to
the present time is 41.42 inches, against
HAN DIEGO, March 20.— Rain com
menced falling in light, misty showers
this evening at 8 o'clock, and, though
the wind was not right for a good rain,
the barometer was down and the pre
diction was for a good drenching be
fore morning. In the last twenty-four
hours .14 of an inch of rain fell here,
with the same sort of a fall through
out the southern portion of the county.
SAN RAFAEL, March 20. — The storm
which has been In progress fn Marin
County for the last several days has
done great damage in various sections.
It has be^n raining for several days
and thf* precipitation for San Rafael
and vicinity during the last three days
has been nearly eleven inches. To-day
a severe hail storm was witnessed near
Mill Valley, while to-night Mount Tam
alpals is covered with several Inches of
snow. It has stopped raining and there
is. every indication that the storm is
over.
That Rainfall Is General
Reports From North and South Show
ENTIRE STATE DREN'CHED.
PORTLAND. Ore.. March- 20. — The
wind storm which occurred here yes
terday did much more serious damage
than was at first thought. About 600
Yeet of the fence around the Lewis
and Clarke Exposition grounds was
blown down and in some instances
the boards were carried several hun
dred feet. The wind unroofed the
grandstand in the baseball park, tore
the porch from the clubhouse and
razed part of the fence. A house was
blown down in South Portland and a
large warehouse which had Just
reached completion on the east bank
of the Willamette River was demol
ished. Shade trees were uprooted in
every direction. Telegraph and tele
phone communication has been par
tially restored, but it will be several
days before the damage is entirely re
ps i red-
Wind Razes Fences and Buildings In
the Northern City.
STORM VISITS PORTLAND.
Rain fell stea/My to-day and the
storm continues to-night. Much water
is Cowing through the break in the
South Yuba levee and the country is a
sea of water for miles. The damage
from this will, however, be lieht. Wa
t»r over the Fifth-street grade between
this city and Yuba City is five feet deeo
end boats have taken the place of
Ftr^t cars. It is thought that the
Yuba River will establish a new hurh
water mark of twenty feet before she
falls. No alarm is felt in this city at
this time.
MARY6VILLE. March 20.— A north
bound extra freight train from Sacra
mento to Red Bluff went Into a ditch
near Reeds, six miles south of
this city, shortly after 10 o'clock this
morning, the engine, tender and one
freight car turning completely over. At
that hour water was running over the
track and the embankment had been
undermined. The engineer and fire
man escaped by swimming to the
shore, having Jumped from the cab
when they felt the engine leave the
rails. Their escape from death Is con
sidered miraculous. About 500 feet of
the track had been washed away, the
current being very swift. Flood water
from Reed Slough, which had over
flowed its banks and was flooding that
Feet ion for a distance of over a mile,
caused the wreck. Water from the
break In the south levee of the Yuba
River also Joins this stream and much
of ihe track is inundated. It will be
impossible to raise the engine and tend-*
er until the water recedes.
The Yuba and Feather rivers have
reached high water mark again and
are slowly rising. Marysville rests se
curely behind her magnificent levee
system, but Is shut out from all outside
points by the torents that are
flowing on all sides. No trains arrived
in this city to-day excepting the south
bound Red Bluff local, which was un
able to proceed farther on account
of the washout near Reeds, be
tween this city and Wheatland. The
Knights Landing and Oroville roads
are inundated for several miles and
Tvathouts are reported. The company
has large forces of men at work, but
traffic will not be resumed until the
water recedes.
Special Dupitch to The Call.
No Lives Are Lost, but Both Vessels
Are Damaged and Are Laid
Dp for Repairs.
Overflow From Slough Undermines
Track and Sends Engine, Tender
and One Car Into Torrent.
Police Believe That Revenge and Not
Robbery May Have Been
Motive for Crime.
Plucky Woman- Stands -'by
Her Escort During
Trying Ordeal.
After Running Aground
She Collides With" a
Transport.
Miraculous Escape From
Death ol Engineer
and Fireman.
American Liner New
York Has Narrow
Freighter Is Ditched
by a Flood at
Reeds,
E. J. Treese Receives
Wounds That May-::
Prove Fat?l
MURDEROUS
THUG SHOOTS
HIS VICTIM
TRAINMEN
SAVE LIVES
BY JUMPING
STEAMSHIP
MEETS TWO
ACCIDENTS
SUPREMACY OF JAPAN IN GUNNERY AND NAVAL TACTICS IS SHOWN
IN GRAPHIC STORY OF PORT ARTHUR BATTLE BY AN EYE WITNESS
Orpfcemn — Vandevlll*.
Tivoll— "Mr. Pickwick."
THE ' TSSATCSSL.
Alcasar — "ParsifaiJs^. <,//
California— "Erik of Swdea."'''
Central— 'The Xinr of Dotec
tires.? / >s^
Columbia — "Harriet's Honey
moon."
Chute* — Vaudeville.
Pi»ch«r'» — "The Kounders."
Grand Opera-Eou»e— "Mary . of
Magrdala."
roreca*t made at Saa Fran
cisco for thirty boors enAlnir
midnight, March SI I
Sin Francisco and vicinity—
Cloudy Monday, with «howen;
fresh west wind.
o. a. wxxAsoxr,
I>ocal N P orecaster.
TED WSATBX5.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 1904;
VOLUME XCV— NO. 112.
The San Francisco Call.Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature • is on each box. 25c *
v To : Cure a Cold ¦ in Ono Day
British manufacturers appear to be
steadily losing ground as .regards agri
cultural machinery in Russia;: says the
Mechanical ¦ Review of London, .while
America and Germany, are continually
increasing their output to that district.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 20.— On
the ; steamshiD Shawmut. which ar
rived t here to-day, were 300 native
Filipinos bound for the St. Louis Ex
position, in charge of Dr. Hunt, for
merly Governor of the Province of
Northern Luzon, and Mr. Healy. The
party includes Vizcainos, Tingallos.
Isorrotos (head hunters, from the
mountains of .Northern Luzon), Ne
grados and Negritos, with all their
native outfit. Three of the party were
dying when they reached here, owing
to the confinement aboard.
FILIPINOS ARRIVE .TO
ATTEND EXPOSITION
.The V. postoffice, military academy
and sundry civil y appropriation bills
constitute the work mapped out for
the week in the .. House. The > House
will adjourn on Monday early,, owing
to the death . of -Representative
Thompson of Alabama. "The postoffice
bill is pending -' and several, knotty
questions, such as rural free 'delivery,
salaries, railway mall .subsidies and
railway « mail service;* . are ' ¦ likely to
prolong 'its consideration ' for several
days. -The military;. academy . bill is
not expected to consume much time.
WASHINGTON, March 20. — The
present week in the Senate will be
devoted almost entirely to appropria
tion bills, beginning Tuesday with that
of the District of Columbia and. fol
lowing with the Indian and pension
bills.
Postofllce Measure to Occupy Much
V of the Time of the Lower .
House. :
SENATE WILL WORK OX
APPROPRIATION MEASURES
The lemon * growers of San Diego
County have agreed on co-operation. A
comittee has been appointed to \ corre
spond with producers of citrus fruits
in other counties.. .
The Modesto News reports great in
terest on the part, of newcomers con
cerning Modesto and surrounding coun
try. Many parties are looking the
country over. . Settlers have been pour
ing into Ceres. ¦;:'. : '
The Fresno Republican - reports that
Fresno has . built three new .' school
houses ' during the last year and that
every one c of the buildings is i full \ of
pupils. By. the : next: year the city will
be compelled to; provide' additional ac
commodations for the school" children!
" The; Stockton Mail says that; three
parties are after the Lafayette > School
property * in Stockton for a ; site for a
first-class hotel. ' ... '^ i; ¦
The California Wooien Mills Company
has been incorporated to do business in
Napa. v ¦;•"¦_¦
Healdsburg will have new high school
and grammar school buildings. ..
Lemon Growers of San Diego Asrree
to Co-operate With the Producers
in Other Counties.
PRESS OF THE INTERIOR *
REPORTS GREAT ACTIVITY
REDDING, March 20. — Three
masked men armed with a revolver,
shotgun and rifle held up Dave En
dicott's saloon at Kennet at 1 o'clock
this morning, securing $100. There
were fifteen men in the place when the
robbers entered. They were forced to
line up lacing the wall. While the
two highwaymen kept the fifteen cov
ered with their weapons a third went
through the pockets of the victims
and also robbed the money drawer of
its contents. When the men left they
warned all present to remain in the
saloon fifteen minutes under penalty
of death. It is believed the robbers
are the same men who have been
committing saloon burglaries during
the past few months in small towns
north and «¦— " of Redding.
MASKED MEN HOLD
UP SAL.OON AT KEXXET
Robbers Cover Every One in the Place
With Wenpons, Securing About
One Hundred Dollars.
CHICAGO, March 20.— After being
lured to the postoffice by a decoy letter
sent by . detectives, John Manke. aged
22, a bookkeeper, who was accused of
having made a false identification of
one of the victims of the Iroquois The
ater fire, waaHaken into custody late
yesterday. When taken before Assist
ant Chief Schuettler he broke down and
made a complete, confession. He said
he identified the body of Mrs. Frank
Greenwald as that if his wife and tried
to secure. $500 found on her remains at
an undertaker's rooms on the north
side. Manke, who goes umltr the name
of John Kochs, is _wanted by the New
York authorities, as he admits havinsr
hurriedly left an Eastern hotel.
According to the police the friends of
Mrs. Mary Ludwig, another victim of
the fire and who lived in Milwaukee,
are making efforts to secure possession
of the money, as they say it was found
lying beside Mrs. Ludwig instead of on
Mrs. Greenwald.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Capture Man Who Falsely
Identified a Victim of
Iroquois Theater Disaster
LOS ANGELES. March 20. — The
Chatsworth Park cut-off, which re
duces the distance between this city
and Santa Barbara on the coast line
of the Southern Pacific by ten miles
and puts Oxnard on the main line,
was opened to traffic to-day. This will
reduce the running time of limited
trains op the coast line by probably* a
half to three-quarters of an hour and
will obviate the congestion of traffic
between Los Angeles and Saugus, with
which the railroad company has fre
quently to contend. Train No. 21.
known as the Coast Line Limited, was
the first to pass through the Chats
worth tunnel over the new cut-off.
For the present only coast line pas
senger trains will be operated over
the new S route • and a few through
freights will be diverted that way. Ul
timately all southern traffic will come
through the new tunnel, leaving the old
San Fernando route for the San
Joaquin valley service.
The great tunnel on the Chatsworth
cut-off is over a mile in length and
has required several years' work of
putting it through the mountain. Ac
tual construction has been in progress
on this tunnel since 1899. . Picturesque
scenery is an attraction along the new
route to Oxnard.
Chatsworth Park Line Connecting Los
Angeles and Oxnard Opened
for Trafac. '
CUT-OFF REDUCES TIME
BETWEEN* SOUTHERN TOWNS
There will also be private cabinets
of gold specimens which will be very
valuable and attractive. From present
appearances it is more than probable
that the beautiful cabinet of specimens
presented to President Roosevelt by
Nevada County during his visit to this
State last spring will be secured for
the exhibit. This Is the most superb
cabinet of gold specimens ever pre
sented to any official. The cabinet was
made of manzanita wood. It contained
more than $2500 in gold and was by far
the handsomest present the President
received during his entire trip through
the West.
The agricultural, horticultural, lum
ber and other industries of the county,
and in which it is known to excel, will
be fully displayed. The mining men
and others realize that this is Nevada
County's opportunity and they are de
termined to make the most of it No
similar area in the world has produced
the same amount of gold that stands
to the credit of this county. Since the
discovery of gold In 1848 In this State,
Nevada County has produced nearly
$300,000,000 of the yellow metal, a record
unparalleled in the history of America.
The first gold quartz ever discovered
in California was found witnln its bor
ders. The deepest mines ,and tho
richest veins in the State are located
in Nevada County. The largest hy
draulic mines and the richest gravel
channels yet , discovered In the world
are known to exist there.
The county is also rich in other min
erals.- Recently large deposits of cop
per have been encountered and hav*
been found to contain copper as rich
as any in the State or country.
Nevada County will have an exhibit
of resources at the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition. This has been made possi
ble through the liberality of the Super
visors and the untiring energy of the
Nevada County Promotion Committee.
The former recently made a large ap
propriation for the maintenance of the
exhibit. At a meeting of the Nevada
County Promotion Committee Samuel
Butler, editor of the Grass Valley Tid
ings, was selected to manage the ex
hibit. It Is the intention of the'Super
visors and the committee to make this
the finest display ever sent from any
county in the State to any great inter
national exposition. The mineral dis
play alone will exceed $10,000 in value.
It will be by, far the best mineral ex
hibit ever sent from this State by any
county. In addition to the general
milling ores which will constitute the
exhibit there will be some very hand
some cabinets of specimens. Nevada
County is noted for rich specimen ore
and this will be very much in evidence.
There is provided a magnificent cabi
net, 21 feet long and 11 feet high. witH
a depth of 18 inches. The shelves of
the cabinet are of glass and the -back is
lined with mirrors. This cabinet has
been constructed especially for miner
als and will make a handsome sight
when filled with the precious metals it
is made to contain.
XEVADA AT ST. LOUIS.
for themselves in the interior of Cali
fornia. Other coUnties may be spurred
on by the example of Tulare County.
Mr. Mlot will advise with the people of
Tulare and the installation will soon be
made. .
In addition to th<» steD that the
State Board of Trade has taken by
erranging to publish General Chip
man's report in a vast number of
copies, artistic pictures have been se
lected to embeijish the official and
authoritative text. This morning one
of these pictures is published in con
nection with this article. The idea
embodied in that picture is the favor
able conditions thoit attend life in the
open air in this State and, incidentally,
a hint of the charms of natural scen
ery in rural life is given. There will
'A general review of the figures con
tained in General Chipman's report
has been made in this paper. As the
matter prepared consists of more than
tixty pages, closely printed, much
that is of interest has necessarily been
held back to await more epace and
a favorable opportunity for comment.
With the moving to St. Louis of the
entire force of the California Com
mission, the attention of the people
of California, who are intensely inter
ested in getting benefit from the
money appropriated by the State and
by the counties and by private enter
prise to advertise California, natur
ally is drawn to St. Louis and to all
measures of promotion that will
there be employed in the State's be
half.
VIEWS ARE SELECTED.
Much will, however, naturally depend
upon the literature and other auxil- !
iaries that are adopted to convey an '
intelligent understanding to the minds \
of spectators. Counties will have lit- •
erature that is devoted to the facts and ;
resources in their respective localities, i
Special industries will also have their |
own distinctive literature to distribute. |
The California State Board of Trade !
hae provided a way to give to the!
world a comprehensive knowledge of !
California as a whole, so. that the en- !
tire glittering domain between the Si- j
erra and the Pacific Ocean shall be |
pictured firmly in the minds of mil- j
lions who have never seen California. |
but who may be induced to come to j
this State to live.
Some allusion has been made in The
Call to the annual report that was re
cently submitted to the State Board I
of Trade by General N. P. Chipman, j
the president of the board. An ar- I
rangement will be made to have all the j
great array of facts contained In that
able document put before all who come |
rear California's exhibit at St. Louis.
A great edition that will probably |
number hundreds of thousands of cop- !
ies will be put through the press in I
order that gratuitous and reliable in
formation may be dispensed largely
during the entire exposition season at
St. . Louis.
If the opinion of the California Com
mispiontrs is correct, then California
has secured an exhibition that will sur
pass all others that have preceded it
end that will give to the people in at
tendance at the exposition an adeauate
Idea of California mines and minerals,
horticulture, agriculture, viticulture,
education, art, timber resources, etc.
The offices of the California Commis
eioners to the St. Louis Exposition have
been closed. The next step that will
be taken to advertise the resources of
California to the world throuKh the
agency of the exposition will be the in
rtallation of the exhibits that have
been prepared in this State. Much has
been scid concerning these exhibits.
In the exhibition hall of the State
Board of Trade sharp rivalry may be
stimulated between California counties^
by the progressive action of Tulare
County. . The large hall in the Ferry
building houses the exhlbitB from many
counties, and horticulture, agriculture,
viticulture and varied California in
dustries are there exemplified. Care
has been given to the method of instal
lation that the special products of the
State may be so attractively displayed
as to prove first-class advertisements
for the sections that they repreent.
Tulare County has discovered in
these conditions a chance to do good
•work for itself. The county has long
had an exhibit with the State Board of.
Trade. Now a combination of cir
cumstances has' given Tulare' County
one of the greatest collections of prod
ucts that any individual county in
California has ever possessed. These
were gathered for the purpose of mak
ing an exhibition at the St. Louis Ex
position. After the work of.prepara
tion had been performed, It was decid
ed that Tulare would not send Its coun
ty exhibit to St. Louis. The result is
that a magnificent display , for the
county is now. available for use in this
city, where it will be seen, by; at least
10,000 persons per month -on the aver
age, throughout the year. The display
will; be made a permanent attraction
in the exnibition hall > of the State
Board of Trade in San Francisco.
During the last week» A. E. Miot
has been in San Francisco, - consulting
with the management of the State
Board of Trade in reference; to the in
stallation "of Tulare's ; splendid '; show.
Designs have I been ' considered -and it
has been : decided that' money will not
be spared . to give Tulare the setting
that Its products richly ••;, deserve,' vso
that they shall make, the most favor
able impression -possible upon specta
tors who are thinking of finding homes
ENTERPRISE OF TULARE.
"John W. Klein of Dwight, 111.; with
whom the committee has been in corre
spondence for some time, has gone to
Sonoma County, where he Intends to
work on a farm, become acquainted
with local methods and Conditions and
finally purchase property with a view
of engaging in the poultry business.
Miss K. Ryan of Seattle, Wash., will
make California her home. F. Schram
and C. Tracy, both of Pittsburgh Pa.,
will locate in California, the former in
Santa Clara Valley and the latter in So
noma County. E. E. Bennett of Ox
ford, Ohio, with whom the committee
has been in correspondence since Janu
ary 5. 1903, will settle In Sonoma Coun
ty. W. W. Starkey of Seattle, Wash.,
will live in California. N. Bos of
Switzerland intends to go into the cat
tle and dairy business around Santa
Cruz. G. O. Swigert of Galesburg, 111.,
and his brother will locate in California.
"The following are expected to arrive
in a few days: E. H. Rhodes and fam
ily, Kipple, Pa., to Kern County; Eliza
beth J. Hogan of Cooks Falls, N. Y.,
and Wilber Caleb of Medina, N. Y., to
Campbell, Cal. ; A. ¦ Munson of La
Crosse, Wis. r and John Nickelson of
Minneapolis, Minn., will purchase ten
or fifteen acres of river bottom land.
Frank O. Terwilliger, Wife and son of
Arkport, N. Y., will go to the Sacra
mento Valley: Dr. O. C. Jackson and
three sons of Jamaica, Long Island,
will raise Shetland, Welsh and Hack
ney ponies; James H. Rogers of Heb
rune, Ghio, will send son and daughter
to prepare coming of nine; G. M. John
son of Fairland, Md., a raiser of prize
poultry, will arrive within the week."
"Emile Henri Hershey, the father of
twenty children, who recently came
from Minnesota, has gone back to Min
nesota to gather his household effects
and children and bring them all to Cali
fornia. Mr. Hershey will locate himself
and family on the new colony at Tagus,
in Tulare County. Of .course, Mr. Her
shey has several grown sons and
daughters who are married, and with
his grandchildren the population of Ta
gus will be increased by at least thirty.
C. Herendeen, an expert on fermenta
tion, of Chicago, Liverpool and Iiondon,
is thinking of starting a cracker fac
tory in this State. E. C Leads of Oma
ha, Nebr., will invest in a walnut grove
in the Santa Clara Valley. F. Rehor of
McMinnville, Or., a butcher, is favor
ably impressed with Eureka for a busi
ness locution. David Black of Mendo
ta, 111., with whom the committee has
been in correspondence since July 7,
1903, after looking around the State has
decided to locate in Sonoma County,
where he will Invest 55000 in the poultry
or orange business.
The success of the California Promo
tion Committee is shown by the number
of persons it has been influential in
.bringing into the State to settle. Thus
a recent report of the committee says:
It is confidently believed by the State
Board of Trade directors that this prac
tical advice, coupled with the great ar
ray of material and reliable facts con
cerning the State that are contained
in the president's report, will r be the
means of securing direct communica
tion with thousands of thoughtful men
who have already become impressed
by the show of California's products
in the mines and mining, agriculture,
horticulture, forestry and education
buildings of the exposition. Probably
no better device has ever been adopted
to attract and hold attention than the
combination of exhibits and literature
that will be In view and in ready reach
of the Inquirers for facts at St. Louis.
Another matter that will be exploited
by the State Board of Trade under the
heading heretofore given is transporta
tion. On this point it is set forth that
"the Sacramento Valley has railroad
facilities from San Francisco to Red
Bluff on both sides of the river, where
the roads unite and proceed to Oregon.
Competing railroads traverse the San
Joaquin Valley, namely, the Santa Fa
system and the South Pacific Com
pany's lines, connecting Northern and
Southern California, and the Southern
Pacific Company has a coast line from
Los Angeles to San Francisco. There
are three overland roads centering at
San Frandnco— the Central Pacific, via
Ogden; the Southern Pacific, via South
ern California and Texas, and the San
ta Fe system in Southern California,
Arizona and New Mexico. Nearly all of
the leading roads in the East have
representatives in San Francisco com
peting for the through travel and
freight. Two railroads are operated
through the north coast counties from
San Francisco, one terminating now In
Wllllts, Mendocino County, and . the
other at Cazadero, Sonoma County.
One of 'these is to be extended by the
Santa Fe system to Eureka, Humboldt
County. -
"There Is rapid transit by numerous
lines to points not far distant
fronv San Francisco, and South
ern' California is being gridlroned
around Los Angeles by electric
roads. Many electric roads are in
operation . about i Fresno, Stockton • and
other points in the. northern and cen
tral parts of the State. There is also
the open sea, via Cape Horn," and be
fore many years the isthmus route will
be available. The sea makes it also
possible to. reach competing overland
roads in Oregon and Washington."
"It la generally desirable for the
homeseeUer or investor to be put in
communication with one or more re
liable persons in the town or district
preferred. This can usually be ac
complished through the California
State Board of Trade, which is always
ready and willing to help intending
settlers in any way it can."
"They should also make known
their needs with reference to church,
school and social privileges; whether
they are willing to locate some dis
tance from towns or expect to make
their homes near towns and villages
and whether they wish land improved
or unimproved. If they have prefer
ence for any particular part of this
State they should name the county,
and the information in respect to the
particular district may be easily given.
"Difficulty is often experienced by
the California State Board of Trade
in replying: to inquirers because of in
definiteness of inquiry. Questions
concerning climate, industries and
resources would be generally satisfac
torily answered by this report, but
when specific information is desired,
that can only be given by letter. In
quirers should therefore state their
present occupation, what they wish
to do on arrival in California, wheth
re they are married or single, whether
they wish to engage in farming or
other branches of business. They
should state, approximately, the sum
of money they wish to invest and, if
they are seeking homes in the interior
on farms, they should write as to
what branch of farming they wish to
engage in.
ADVICE TO INQUIRERS.
One extract from General Chip
man's report, of which no mention
ha* been heretofore made, but Which
is considered of value in addressing
possible settlers, relates to transpor
tation facilities, land values, labor
demand, cost of living and sugges
tions to persons wishing information
about California. One passage under
this heading, that the State Board of
Trade will call to the attention 'of the
public from abroad, is in full as fol
lows:
be many pictures of this sort which,
it is supposed, will have a better ef
fect upon those who look them over
than would a greater number of views
of the more conventional and hack
neyed sort that deal with scenes in
special industries.
VICTORIA, B. C. March 20.— W.
M. Swartmout, editor of the Manila
Times, president of the Merchants'
Publishing Company, of the Far East
ern Press Club, and of the Manila
Press Club, wm a passenger on
the steamship Shawmut arriving to
day, bound for Washington to lay the
grievances of the white residents be
fore Congress. He will publish at the
St. Louis fair a special edition cf the
Manila Times, setting forth the ad
vantages of the Philippines for white
settlement. He says the great ques
tion now is the great scarcity of la
bor, the Filipinos declining to work
at any price. Mr. MacCulloch. head
of the biggest printing and publishing
firm in the islands, was also on his
way to San Francisco to consult with
regard to the supply of labor. His
business has been practically sus
pended owing to the impossibility of
obtaining labor at reasonable rates.
Grievances of Residents Be
fore ConjrrrjsH.
Newspaper 31 en of Manila Will Lay
INDUSTRY PARALYZEtJ
BY SCARCITY OF LABOR
Energetic Work That Is Bringing
in Better Conditions.
Practical Information Is Supplied for
Good of Settlers.
SAMPLE OP THE PICTURES BY WHICH THE STATE BOARD OF TRADE WILL SET FORTH THE RESOURCES OF CALIFORNIA.
The killing of Gingle ends a three
year intermittent pursuit of the-out
law and his four brothers, two of
\vhom are now serving terms for high
way robbery, while another is under
arrest at North Yakima. charged with
various crimes. The hold-up of Noah
Beckner at Mabton, the saloon rob
bery at Prosser, a burglary at Arling
ton and several cases of horse-stealing
have been charged to the notorious
Gingle gang. "Jack" was considered
the leader. After the Incarceration of
his two brothers he left the Yakima
Valley and came to this town, where he
has supposedly been a wood-cutter.
The confession vof a North Yakima
prisoner i*ut the officers on the trail of
the desperado. Sheriff Grant and local
officers tracked Gingle yesterday and
located him in a lonely cabin in Union
Park addition.
Gingle lived alone. The officers
watched the place all night, forming
for the attack this morning just before
daybreak. When Officers Doak and
Pugh kicked in the door of the cabin
and sprang inside, yelling "Hands
up!" a form on a rude bunk at the op
posite side of the cabin stirred and one
hand was seen to rise. Then came the
report of a heavy revolver. Gingle
opening the fight without arising. The
officers both returned the fire and Push
jumped on the prostrate outlaw Just
as the latter changed his gun to his
left hand and began shooting again.
As Officer Pugh bore down on his
man he felt a tremor pass through Gin
gle's body. Doak had stopped shoot
ing, and as Gingle's revolver dropped
from his hand the outlaw groaned and
gasped for breath. . The other officers
had rushed ' in and were striking
matches while Gingle was dying. Two
bullet wounds in the body and one in
the leg had done their work.
When the body was laid out it be
came apparent that Gingle had ex
pected an attack. Around his bodv.
over his underclothes in which he
slept, was strapped a belt filled with
revolver and rifle cartridges. The
heavy revolver which he used so des
perately was drawn from this belt when
the officers entered the cabin. Beside
his bed stood a rifle with the magazine
filled with cartridges.
SPOKANE, Wash., March 20.— In a
desperate battle in a dark cabin against
odds of three to one, working his six
shooter to the last, even while a nervy
officer was on top of him endeavoring
to crush out the last flicker of resist
ance, John Gingle. hfghwayman, horse
thief, counterfeiter and burglar, was
killed by three bullets this morning.
His death was the result of a surprise
by Sheriffs Doust of Spokane and Grant
of North Yakima and the accurate
shooting of Deputy Sheriffs Pugh and
Doak. Although all of the shooting
was done at close range, the partici
pants being within reaching distance
of each other, Gingle was the only man
hit.
Special Dispatch to The Call
OFFICERS MAKE
CLEVER ARREST
President Angus M. Cannon of the
Salt Lake Stake of Zion, referring in
the Mormon Tabernacle to-day to his
confinement in the State prison for
polygamous cohabitation some years
ago, described himself, as being "im
prisoned for the testimony of Jesus."
He said:
"When I was out there on the hill
(at the ; peDitentiary for polygamous
cohabitation), imprisoned for the tes
timony of Jesus and testifying to the
teachings of God, I wrote to the
mothers of my children to teach them
obedience to the will of God. I wrote
them, 'Men cannot build walls so high
or prisons so deep as to shut out the
spirit of God.' "
Mrs. Elizabeth Kompe, a German
immigrant recently arrived here, ha3
set forth In an affidavit what she al
leges is the treachery of the Mormon
elders. She says in her sworn state
ment that she was induced by Mormon
elders to leave her husband and come
to Utah, and since coming here she
has been in dire straits, which the
Mormon people have not tried to al
leviate. She also avers that she was
offered polygamous marriage by the
mormon elders, Hottendorf and Huef
ner, after arriving in Salt Lake. The
woman has been ill at the Holy Cross
Hospital for some time. She declares
that these two Mormon elders told her
that she need not mind the fact that
she had 6. husband in. Germany, as
when she was baptised into the Mor
mon church the baptismal water acted
as a divorce.
SALT LAKE. March 20.— Young Mor
mons throughout the State of Utah
have united in a movement having for
its object the enforcement of the
pledges given to the Government when
Utah became a member, of (he sister
hood of States. These young Mormons'
are particularly vehement in their as
sertion that the law must be obeyed by
the members of the Mormon hierarchy
as well as by other citizens. As a re
sult of this movement,' which already
numbers some 500 young men in its
ranks, the practice of living with
plural wives by the high officers of the
Mormon church must be abandoned or
else these young Mormons will leave
the church. This is the ultimatum that
is to be given to the Mormon hierarchy
at the general conference of the saints
to be held here next month.
These young Mormons are thoroughly
American, and they are not at all
pleased by the notoriety which the
State has achieved as a result of the
disclosures at the Smoot hearing. It is
said by this element that the younger
Mormons were as much surprised at
these disclosures as the Gentiles
of the East. At all events the move
ment has been started to force the
church to make good its promises made
at the time Utah was admitted to the
sisterhood of States. The denouement
will come at the April conference of the
saints. Then, it is declared, the young
Mormons will serve notice on the gov%
eminent body that they will leave the
church in a body unless President Jo
seph F. .Smith and other leading Mor
mon high priests cease to violate the
law by living with their plural wives.
Saecial Dispatch to The Call.
Death Ends Career of Crimi
nal Wanted for Almost
Every Crime on Calendar
Men Will Leave the Church
if the Priests Continue to
Live With Plural ' Wives
WARNING TO ELDERS
The Indians of Quinault Reservation
are badly frightened and fear that the
entire country is going to be flooded.
Three weeks ago when an earthquake
5hook up Lima. Peru, seismic dis
turbance was felt on the Washington
coast and Queets River was thrown
out of its bed in one place.
TACOMA, March 20.— Indiana arriv
ing to-day at Hoquiam on Grays Har»
bor bring news of strange happenings
along the shc-re of the Parifle Ocean
north of Quinault Indian Reservation.
They declare that the earthquake last
"Wednesday night threw a number of
rivers out of their channels, forming
large numbers of lakes on adjacent
lowlands. ' The beds nf Queets, Quin
ault. Wishkah and Hoh rivers, accord
ins? to the Indians, were raised from
twenty to thirtv feet, throwing 1 their
volume of flood waters into the valleys
lying between the Olympic mountain
range and the Pacific Ocean.
That section is very thinly Inhabited,
owing to the lack of transportation, and
it has a very heavy annual rainfall.
Some of the lakes, the Indiana say, are
several miles in extent. Several scores
of settlers are opening stock ranches In
that region and it is feared some of the
people were drowned. Probably a num
ber of days will elapse before authen
tic details can be obtained from th*
white men.
Sr>ecia! Dispatch to The Cait
• *
Natives Fear That Their
Lands AVili Be Flooded
by the Broken Streams
INDIANS ARE ALARMED
MAKES STAND IX CABIN
Young Mormons in Utah
Organize to Enforce Pledge
Made to the Government
Until Bullets of Pursuers
Lay Him Low Desperado
Returns Fire of Officers
Courses of Many Eivers in
Washington Are Changed
and New Lakes Formed
OPEN REVOLT
IS THREATENED
QUEER FREAKS
OF A TEMBLOR
OUTLAW GINGLE
DIES FIGHTING
STATE BOARD OF TRADE PLANS TO LARGELY ADVERTISE
RESOURCES OF CALIFORNIA AT ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH ; 21, 1904.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOAN'S SIDNEY FILLS.
COMMON _PROPERTY.
Public Prate* Zs Public Property. Saa
Praaeisco People Kay Profit by
-- Local Experience.
Grateful people will talk.
Tell their experience for the public
good.
San Francisco citizens praise Doan's
Kidney PUlf.
Kidney nufferers appreciate this.
They find relief for every kidney ill.
Read what this citizen says:
Mrs. Marguret Leech of 112 William
street saj-s: "I cannot be^ln to tell you
the different kinds of medicines I have
used nor the quantity I took during the
years I have been subject to attacks of
backache Like I had used many a prep-
aration in the past when -I noticed an
'advertisement about Doan's Kidney Pills
in one of our 'San Francisco papers. I
made up my mind to try the remedy. It
actfd, just as represented, stopped the
back?che and pain in the side, and what
is of much more Importance to me, dur-
ing the iart six months I have not had
the slightest indication of a return."
For salp by all dealers. Price 60 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agr*nts for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no BnbetituU. .
Skin Diseases
of the most stubborn and chronic kind
are promptly relieved and eventually
cured by the use of
This powerful germicide is ab-
solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
germs that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthv
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere for the
last 12 years. Booklet on request.
Sold by leading drnjrjrists or trial
bottle sent. prepaid on receipt of 25 cenu.
; 61 O Prince St., New York.
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of tlalpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m«
(Jvisit DR. JORDAN'S great jj>
klUSEULI OF flHflTOHY?
0 (\5 K51 VJjm&ta. >:**?.*. S.r.C:l A
\ C5/ The L*r?e.t Anuaiaicai Mu-xuan in the \
Y <ft5*^3> ds«ne »«»ill»»»7 cars4uy the oldeu X
A (l&g* A DR. J33DAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ »£f*3S>Jl Connulttnoo fte« xnd strictly prtrate. \
A S iTrJ |J Tra«T3isnt personally ft by letter. A (}
\ I 1/ MR P»*nr* Cwr«m ertry cist underMUen. V
A P '{ llW Wrftefof S^ck. PHIl.O«OFBir«f A
\J I ii J T * H»imiAt»:. UAiLxo rxts, (Ay
X n jl »»ij»Me baok for mr») \
Q tm. j«ci>a:« a co.. iosi Market st. a r. V
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
QV ARAITT223 CUBE 70S T&WS.
KAItMT.S3S XXJSCTXOZr. Cures ordinary
cases in a r«=ar days. Warranted to curj
worst cases. STO OTHER, TKEATXTEITT
EEQTJIBED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PSSTliaiTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. IELIT'3 PHARMACY. 102 Eddy.
80 B a I jp± Ammunition. Iluntlnc and
H H FAS S-porUnff Good*. Lurge»l
Jj 8 8*3 stock, '-owmt {rices. S<nJ
W U II %& SHKEvV^&'TlAKBER CO..
TM Market nt, an* tti
Kearnjr *A practical working laboratory for
assaying minerals .will be an exhibit
of the Colorado School of Mines at the
world's fair. It will be operated by
students. The Colorado commission
has appropriated 52000 for the cx-
Former . Mayor Grace 111.
NEW TORK, March 20.— Former
Mayor William Grace is seriously ill at
his home -in this city. His condition
has been" superinduced by pneumonia,
from which he suffered. last December.
It was said to-night at Grace's home
that his condition is critical. .
California is the only State in the
Union which produces raisins.'
Alleged Murderer Arrested.
PERRY, Karis.; 20.— "William
Gordon, colored, has been arrested here
for an alleged murder said to have been
committed in Denver about eight years
ago. ; He is being held in Topeka await
ing the arrival of an officer from Den
ver to take him back.
MUNCIE, Ind., March 20.— The Mid
land mill, the local \>lant of the Ameri
can Sheet Steel Company, which has
been closed since August last, will
probably resume within two weeks. The
600 idle employes met to-night and ac
cepted temporarily the reduction of 20
per cent which the steel company has
demanded of its employes.
Mil linen Accent Reduction.
Ing the .Imperial Diet and for the words
addressed to us by your Majesty.
"This empire has invariably endeav
ored to maintain the peace of the Far
East, but Russia, which lacks the sin
cerity to respect the peace, has violat
ed its treaty with China and Its re
peated declarations to the powers.
. "We are exremely impressed with the
fact that your Majesty has declared
war. The executive arms at the front
are repeatedly obtaining victories. This
is solely due to your Majesty's impe
rial influence.
"It shall be our constant endeavor to
bring to the discharge of our legisla
tive functions the utmost care and cir
cumspection, »o that your Majesty's
august instructions may be obeyed and
the Important trust imposed in us by
Jthe nation may.be complied with.
"With profound respect and humili
ty the. President of the House of Rep
resentatives, Masahisa Matsuda. pre
sents this." :
The Peers will meet to-morrow to
prepare a response to the speech from
the throne.
At Augusta. Me., lamp chimneys
were shaken down and crockery, was
smashed. The vibrations lasted several
seconds,, and in ; nearly every instance
occurred about 1:04 o'clock: ~
¦ BOSTON, March 20.— An earthquake
shock this morning caused a tremor
throughout the eastern part of New
England. Beginning at St. John, N.
B., the vibration traversed the State
of Maine, causing slight damage to
buildings in Augusta, Bangor and Port
land. The shock was felt plainly as
far south as Taunton, in this State.
Reports from Manchester, N. H., and
Springfield,, Mass., state that the vi
brations were .felt _ distinctly in those
cities. ' ' , ,~ . .
Observers at the Harvard University
astronomical observatory in Cambridge
felt the shock.
Many Cities Feel Force of Temblor
and In Some Places Damage
Results, r'7
EARTHQUAKE GIVES NEW
' ENGLANDERS A SHOCK
Russia bought from • the United
States in 1903 nearly $20,000,000
worth of goods, which 13 double th«»
average for previous years, and sold
the United States nearly $11,000,000
worth, which Is an increase of 50 per
cent over previous year*.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright, 1904. by th» New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON*, March 21. — A dispatch to
the Express from Johannesburg says
a battalion of a WelsM regiment, num
bering 600 men, was in open mutiny
yesterday at Howick, Natal. The bat
talion was on the way from PretQria
to Durban for embarkation.
The officers had tried -vainly to
maintain discipline, but the men got
entirely out .of hand. They carried
their arms into Howick, raided drink
ing bars and stores'- and drove the
town folk before them. There were
wild scenes of rioting and soon there
were forty-one casualties.
. The mutineers spread over a circuit
of two miles, taking possession of
houses and pillaging and terrorizing
people.
A telegram was sent to Pietermar-
Itzburg for help and the commander
there dispatched a battalion of troops
with two maxim guns to restore or
der.
The War Office here says it has no
information on the subject
Battalion of Wclchmcn With Arms
-Jlun Wild in Streets of Howick,
Natal.
WELSH SOLDIERS DEFY
DISCIPLINE AND MUTINY
JOHANNESBURG, March 20. — An
outbreak of the bubonic plague has oc
curred in the Indian coolie section.
Thirty deaths have occurred- since
Thursday. It. was at flrBt supposed the
outbreak was one of pneumonia, but
the nature of the disease now is offlclal
ly admitted and the section has been
cordoned. A plague camp at Reitfon
tein has been opened. It is rumored
that Dr. Marias, who was attending
patients, died on Friday.
Thirty Deaths Occur at Johannesbnrg
and Camp Is Established at
Rcitfontcin.
PLAGUE BREAKS OUT
IV SOUTH AFRICA
The French Government has already
transmitted to Tokio Russia's protests
against the seizure of Russian whaling:
vessels wintering at Nagasaki before
the expiration of the date fixed for the
departure of Russian vessels from Jao
anese ports. To this Japan replied
that, a prize court having passed upon
the question. It was no longer a diplo
matic one, but that the owners had a
right to appeal to a superior court.
Russia refuses to take this view, and
asks France to renew the protest.
Count Lamsfiorff, the Russian For
eign Minister." considers this to be a
violation of the laws of war. notably
of the twenty-fifth clause of the Hague
convention, to which Japan was a sig
natory. The Minister, therefore, asks
France to call Japan's attention to the
matter, apart from the general protests
contained in the recent Russian note to
the powers.
PARIS, March 20.— The Russian em
bassy has received from St. Petersburg
and has handed to Foreign Minister
Delcasse, for transmission to the
French Minister at Tokio, who Is
intrusted with the protection of Rus
sian interests in Japan, a protest
against an alleged infraction of the
laws of war. It appears that during
the attack on Port Arthur on March
10 the Japanese fired more than fifty
projectiles 'at the quarantine station
on the island of Sanshantao, resulting
In the Injury of njjmerous persons.
"Third — That we appeal in thun
dering tones to all Confederate vet
erans, to their wives and daughters
and to the great and glorious organi
zation, the Daughters of the Confed
eracy, one and all, to arise in their
might and by precept and" example,
voice and pen, moral force and in
fluence, help put a stop to this dia
bolical, barbaric, unlawful, inhuman
and ungodly crime of burning human
beings.
"Fourth — That we heartily approve
of and applaud the action of Governor
Vardaman in his recent successful ef
forts to save a criminal from a mob
bent on burninGr." "~~
An anti-lynching crusade has been
Inaugurated by the W. R. Barksdaie
Camp, United Confederate Veterans,
of this city. The following significant
resolutions were unanimously adopted
at a largely attended meeting of the
camp:
"First — That we are unalterably op
posed to the y lynching of a human
being, save, perhaps, for the one un
mentionable crime.
"Second — That as Confederate vet
erans and law-abiding citizens of Mis
sissippi, and of the United States, we
are violently, vehemently and etern
ally opposed to the practice of burn
ing a human being for any crime
wha tsoever.
MEMPHIS, March 20. — A special
to the Commercial Appeal from
Grande, Miss., says:
£p«:ial Cable to The Ca!l and New Tork
Herald. Copj-rJght. 190*. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
¦ VALPARAISO, Chile, ( March 20.— The
Chilean Times reports the consensus of
native opinion as growing in bitterness
toward the United States. The semi-
J official journals of Santiago, by their
attitude en the Panama question, have
encouraged the anti-American senti
ment, which became so pronounced as
to force an abandonment of the project
ed Chilean exhibit at St. Louis, "for
reasons of economy," but on the same
date the resolution was taken it was
announced that in 1910 the South
American Exposition will be held In the
capital, "to celebrate Chile's independ
ence and demonstrate the advancement
of the republics of Latin. America dur
ing the hundred years since It was ob
tained."
The leading Valparaiso papers com
pliment the administration upon its ac
tion in holding off from the Louisiana
Purchase Fair as commemorating the
beginning of the American imperialis
tic policy of expansion — "which can
only be looked upon with distrust by
Latin republics of the continent and a
menace to their future political exist
ence."
It is intimated that Chile will at
! tempt the formation of an anti-impe
j rialistic league by republics which ac
cept an invitation to take part In her
projected exposition In 1910, with a well
defined anti-Yankee programme.
FRANCE TO MAKE
PROTEST AGAINST
JAPANESE ACTION
The Queen City left Victoria the week
befcTe last on her usual trip and has
not been spoken or reported since. She
was due Thursday, but no anxiety was
felt until Sunday morning. The Queen
City goes as far north as Cape Scott
and Quatslno Sound, t Some«of the
roughest waters of the coast lie be
tween these points and the Strait of
Fuca. The Queen City is about four
hundred tons.
The Queen City is a low-speed boat,
and it is feared that in the gales which
have been raging all along the west
coast north of Cape Flattery she was
driven ashore, as the wind has fre
quently reached a velocity of sixty
miles an hour.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 20.—Cap
tain Troup, manager of the Canadian
Pacific Navigation Company, to-day
asked Captain Gaudin, representative
of the Department of Marine and
Fisheries, to send out the Dominion
Government steamer Quadra to look
after the steamer Queen City of the
company's line, which is now more
than four days overdue from the west
coast ports of Vancouver Island. Cap
lain Gaudin immediately ordered the
crew of the Quadra summoned and
steam raised on the vessel, which sail
ed to-night on her quest, taking with
her a couple of newspaper men. She
will carefully search all the coves and
inlets from Race Rocks northward In
the endeavor to locate the missing
steamer.
Serious alarm is felt here because no
word has come from Clayoquot, Barn
field Creek or Cape Beale about the
Queen City, all those points being con
neeted with Victoria by telegraph. The
officials this morning held a consulta
tion as to what should be done, and It
was decided best to apply to the Do
minion Government authorities for as
sistance. •
Missing Boat Is Four Days Over
due and Much Alarm
Is Felt.
VESSEL STARTS IN
SEARCH OF QUEEN CITY
DISLIKE OUR POLICY
Withdrawal of Republic's
St. Louis Fair Exhibit Is
Prompted by Bitterness
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED
»
Strong Appeal Is Made
for Moral Influence
Against Illegal Executions
Anti- American Sentiment Is
Fostered by Semi-Ofticial
Journals of Santiago City
Camp of Confederate Veter
ans Starts Crusade to
Abolish Mob Punishment
The garrison in January amounted to
15,000 or 20,000 men. of all arms, mostly
artillery. When the news of the war
came martial law was immediately
proclaimed and strict surveillance of
everybody In the place was maintained.
. The whole seacoast around Vladivo
stok Is a network of submarine mines.
Since the outbreak of the war very
few vessels have entered the harbor
HAS A LARGE GARRISON.
During all the time the two Jewish
merchants were in Japan they were
"shadowed" by special service men.
who also kept a watchful eye on one
or two others of the Shawmut's pas
sengers, one passenger having two mec
mounting guard at his stateroom door
on the suspicion that he was a Rus
sian spy.
Libby and Hoff say that the winter
at Vladivostok has been exceptionally
mild. The sea has been frozen only
six miles out from the harbor entrance
and the Ice-breakers go out every
morning, returning at noon, clearing a
channel. Coasting vessels were running
in and out of the harbor without dif
ficulty.
Llbby says that before he left
thefntire Vladivostok squadron of the
Russian fleet was anchored in the har
bor and had not stirred out of it for
quite a long period. The Russians, lust
before the war. had strong forces at
work on the fortifications, making new
entrenchments, building bomb-proof
storehouses and placing big guns. The
place Is Immensely strong by nature,
but has been rendered Impregnable by
the fortifications which command the
entrance and channel to the harbor.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 20.— The
Boston Steamship Company's steam
ship Shawmut arrived this moraine
from Mtnila. via China and Japan.
Among her passengers were* Augustus
Libby and Cornelius Hoff, Jewish mer
chants of Vladivostok, who received
twenty-four hours* notice from the
Russian military authorities to leave
the country- They had to abandon
their business and sell out at a heavy
sacrifice, and as egress by sea was
blocked and the railway between Vlad
ivostok and Harbin destroyed for a
considerable distance, they were com
pelled to travel by sledge more than
1000 miles to the nearest port on the
Korean cbast. They were arrested at
the Siberian-Korean frontier, where
there was great trouble about their
passports, and where they were in dan
ger of being thrown into prison as
spies. No sooner had they got into Ko
rea than they encountered .the special
service officers of the Japanese Wur De
partment and were In more trouble,
their story that they were refugees
fleeing- from Russia by order of the
military not being accepted. After en
during many hardships and much an
noyance they joined the Shawmut at
Yokohama.
SLEUTHS ON THEIR TRAIL.
The first flush of the war fever has
passed in Japan and business is irolnr
on quietly again. One hundred war
correspondents left for the front the
day before the Shawmut sailed from
Yokohama.
from the south, owing to fear of Japan
ese commerce destroyers. The Rus
sians appeared to be greatly annoyed
when it was learned that the railway
between Vladivostok and Harbin had
been torn up and the bridges dynam
ited. Apparently no attempt was be
ing made to repair the damage. The
Phawmut encountered Japanese tor
pedo boats and destroyers hundreds of
miles out at sea, and these vessels are
evidently keeping a»-strict watch on
commerce In those waters.
CHILEANS HAVE
NO LOVE FOR US
WILL FIGHT
THE LYNCHERS
Jews Driven From Vladivostok En
dure Awful Hardships.
JAPANXSE SOVEREIGN", HIS ELDEST SO.V AXT> THE HEAD OP HIS MIN
ISTRY. WHO TOOK THE LEVADINO PART IX THE OPEKIXG OP* THE
SPECIAL SESSION OF THE TOKIO DIET.
It is probable that the represen
tatives of the powers will investigate,
and, if justified, will take action. The
prisoners are heavily guarded, as it is
feared the Pedlars Guild, which is
principally composed of the city's
rougher element, may force an en
trance and liberate the prisoners.
SEOUL, March 18. — The Supreme
Court here is clearing the local* prison
.by wholesale executions nightly. In
the last three nights six prisoners have
been decapitated and thirty-eight
hanged. Many of these victims have
been in jail for years without trial.
Now they have been hurriedly con
demned to execution. • Some were for
mer students in Japan and others were
thieves, highwaymen, embezzlers of
public funds, political offenders and
traitors. All suffer the same penalty,
and as the bodies . are carried out
strings of ten or twenty condemned
.men bound together refill the cells
vacated.
Spoclal Cable to The Call aj«d New York
Herald. Copyright, 1004, by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
"i "We, your Majesty's humble servants
of the House- of Representatives,^re
spectfully express our ¦ gratitude tor
your Majesty's gracious action in open-
In view of the, extraordinary reply
to the throne passed at the opening
of'the last- session., in December,
wherein the House of Representatives
condemned the policy of' the Cabinet,
wjiich< was declared to be incompat
ible with the progress of the' empire
and to be temporizing, the House of
Representatives to-day appointed a
committee "•• to ¦ prepare a response.
After the joint session the committee
met and prepared ; and presented the
following:.'- " ¦¦-; ¦ • ¦
REPLY TO THE ADDRESS.
the Emperor entered the mem
bers of Parliament bowed low. The Em
peror, advancing to the front of the
platform, bowed to them and imme
diately ascended the throne. Premier
Katsura advanced to the throne and
handed . the address to the Emperor.
The latter read it in a voice low but
firm, which carried to every corner of
the chamber. It was as follows:
"We hereby open the Imperial Diet
and address each and all of the
members of the House of Peers and the
House of Representatives. We an
nounce with high' satisfaction that our
relations with the treaty powers are
steadily growing in cordiality and good
understanding. Prompted by an earn
est desire to maintain a permanent
peace in the extreme East, our Govern
ment, by our command, entered into
negotiations^ with Russia, but we re
gret that owiong to an absence of sin
cerity on the part of Russia in her
peaceful- professions we have been com
pelled to appeal to arms, and having
taken that step we cannot hesitate un
til the object of the war is. attained.
"Our forces, in the presence of un
wonted hardships and privations, are
now displaying their steadfast loyalty
and, valor, and we hope that all our
subjects will , co-operate in perfect
unity for the enhancement of the glory
of the empire.
"We. trust that you will. In compli
ance with our will, fulfill the duty in
cumbent upon you and give cordial con
sent to those budgets and bills which
are especially urgent in connection with
the situation and- which we have or
dered the Ministers of state to lay be
fore you."
The members remained with bowed
heads until. the reading was concluded.
The president of the House of Peers
then ascended the: platform, advanced
to the throne and received the address
from tho Emperor. The • Emperor
stepped to the front of the platform,
bowed, left the chamber and .returned
to the palace.
The other galleries were filled with
Japanese civil officials and- military
and naval officers. No women were
present.
SPEECH FROM THE THRONE.
The members of the Cabinet, headed
by Premier Katsura, occupied a posi
tion on the right platform, close to the
throne. The diplomatic gallery was
filled, nearly every legation and staff
being present. Sir Claude Macdonald.
the British Minister; General Hamil
ton and Colonel Hume represented
Great Britain. Minister Griscom. Col
onel Wood, Commander Marsh and
Secretaries Ferguson and Laughlin of
the United States legation were offi
cially present.
Lrong before the Emperor reached the
Peers' chamber the members were in
their places. The Peers, all uniformed,
occupied the right side of the chamber,
and the Commoners, all in evening
dress, filled the left. The seats, which
occupy rising tiers, had been removed,
and the members stood in semi-circles,
with the presidents and vice presidents
of each house in advance of each main
group.
TOKIO. March 20.— With stately cer
emony the special session of Parlia
ment, convened to provide the money
needed to wage the war against Rus
sia, was opened this morning. The Em
peror, clad in the uniform of a gener
alissimo, rode in the great state coach
from the palace to the Parliament
House and personally read his address
to the Peers and Commoners. For the
first time, the Crown Prince attended
the ceremony. He-followed his father
to an improvised throne in the Peers'
hall and stood cloBe by his right side
while the Emperor read his .appeal to
his subjects. /
The Emperor left the palace at 10:30
o'clock, accompanied by a group of
imperial, Princes, aids and members of
the imperial household. His escort con
sisted two troops of lancers, one
preceding the other. Following came
the coaches carrying the Emperor,
Princes and staff. The brilliant uni
forms, the splendid coaches and the
pennants of red and white silk car
ried by each lancer made the imperial
procession an attractive 'picture; Lines
of police and gendarmes kept the
streets clear and walled back: the popu
lace, which received its ruler in abso
lute silence— the highest mark of re
spect.
Mikado - Opens a
Special Session
of the Diet.
LONDON, March 21.— Nothing has
reached here to confirm the report that
a battle has taken place on the Yalu,
in which the Russians are alleged to
claim that they captured 1800 prisoners.
A dispatch from St. Petersburg to a
news agency, dated yesterday, says
there has been no change in the situa
tion and that all is quiet on land and
sea. Along the Russian line from Ping
yang to the Talu River and the Japa
nese line to Gensan there have been
slight skirmishes between scouts, but
no battle has taken place, as the dis
tance between the opposing armies is
too great. The bulk of the Russian
forces, the dispatch adds, has not yet
passed the Yaln.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph says that the mili
tary authorities werf startled by the
attempt of the Japanese to land in
Helena Bay, as the nearest Russian
force that could have been used against
them consisted of three rifle regiments
at Newehwang. A storm having hin
dered the Japanese landing, energetic
measures are now being adopted to
prevent such a descent. Among the
other devices adopted has been the con-
centration of troops at Foochow, twen
ty-two miles south of Helena Bay.
In cabling the fact that all British
and American residents at Newchwang
must remain within the walls, the cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle at
Newehwang says:
"I vras arrested while attempting to
leave yesterday."
"The correspondent says It is* rumored
that a Japanese squadron arrived at
the mouth of the Liao River on Sun
day night and landed a party which,
after reconnoitering, re-embarked.
A correspondent of the Times at
Newehwang cables as follows:
"According to information received
here, the reason the Vladivostok forts
did not reply to the bombardment by
the Japanese was because the batteries
were not provided with guns. Since
the bombardment parties have been
working night and day to place the
guns in posjtion. The bombardment
destroyed the Linievitch battery. The
Russian losses were slight because the
batteries there are deserted. The same
conditions prevail at Vladivostok as at
Port Arthur. The supply of provisions
there is running short and the popula
tion is panic stricken. The ice is con
sidered the only real protection." •
Storm Prevents Landing of Japanese
Army at Helena Bay.
MOSCOW, March 20. — Owing to the
discontinuance of the trips of the
volunteer fleet steamships no tea is
coming from Ceylon by water. The
practical suspension of freight trains
over the Trans-Siberian Railroad
makes it almost impossible to get tea
from China. One merchant, who has
20,000 chests of tea en route in Man
churia, offers to sell it at a nominal
price to the Government for the use
of the soldiers. Because of the-diffi
culty in delivery here the merchants
have decided as a last resort to return
to the old Mongolian caravan route
through Kiakhta and will petition the
Government to afford them facilities.
CANA, Isle of Crete, March 20.— The
Husslan battleship Oslabya, with Ad
miral Wirenius ou board, sailed at 11:30
o'clock this morning for an unknown
destination. The torpedo boats fol
lowed the battleship. Tho Russian ar
mored cruisf-r Dmitri Donskoi arrived
here this afternoon.
Shortage in Tea Supply
RUSSIAN ADMIRAL
SAILS ON BATTLESHIP
FROM PORT OF CANA
ST. PETERSBURG. March 20. —
Vice Admiral Makaroff has reported
th* miraculous escape of four sailors
from the torpedo-boat destroyer
Si«>reguschetche. which foundered dur
ing the naval bailie off Port Arthur
on March 9. The m**:i escaped by
swimming when the boat sank and
succeeded in keeping airoat until they
were picked up.
The Metropolitan Archbishop of St.
Petersburg has sent an ikon to the
torpedo-boat Roshitelriy. which in the
' onflict of March 9 managed to elude
the Japanese fire. This ikon, it is be
lieved, will safeguard the boat from
further harm.
Prince Abemelik LazarcfT, a descend
ant of the Armenian Kings, is giving
;i series of fetes for the benefit of the
Keel Cross Sociery at his historic man
sion. Society leaders are figuring in
the dances at the fetes.
Minister Avallene said he hoped that
the battleships Retvizan and Cesare
vitch and the cruiser Pallada would be
ready to resume service in a fortnight.
He declared that the separation of the
Russian squadrons had proved to be
most useful, and finally confirmed the
statement that the Mediterranean
pquadron would return to Libau when
that port was free from ice.
The correspondent sars he learns
that the Russians are fortifying the
mouth of the Yalu and "Wiju, as well
us the Tatung River. •
?
NARROW ESCAPE
OF FOUR SAILORS
OF A DESTROYER
The Minister said he did not expect
that there would be any further
changes relating to the Emperor's
principal representative at the seat of
v.ar during the entire period of dura
tion of hostilities.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Echo de Paris has had an interview
with Vice-Admiral Avallene. the Rus
eian Minister of Marine, who said it
had been necessary to replace Vice-
Admiral Stark, the condition of whose
health was deplorable, .with an ener-
S^tic man like Vice-Admiral Makaroff.
but the Minister denied that the pres
ence of either Vice-Admiral Makaroff or
General Kuropatkin affected the posi
tion of Viceroy Alexieff, adding -that
Vice-Admiral MaJtarofTs telegrams to
the Emperor would pass through the
Viceroy's hands.
PARIS, March 2L— According to the
Ft. Petersburg correspondent of the
Matin, a member of the Rusian im
perial family has declared that the mo
bilization of troops is proceeeding
actively in Turkestan. The concentra
tion of troops is being effected on the
railway from Merv to Kushka, a fron
tier fortress overlooking the Pamirs. It
is believed that Grand Duke Nicholas
Kicolalevitch, general-in-chief of the
cavalry, will assume command of the
troops in Turkestan.
SUPKE3IE COTJET
OF KOREA ORDERS
3IAXY HANGINGS
A cargo of cattle has been landed
and three more cargoes are anxiously
expected.
These advices state that the Russians
are not making elaborate preparations
to hold Newchwang. The plan is to
withdraw and burn the town if the
Japanese attack. A few temporary
forts have been erected back of the
town. . The Russians will make their
first firm stand at Liaoyansr. where re
inforcements are arriving nightly.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1904, by the New York
Herald Publishing 1 Company.
KOBE, March 20.— Cossacks have
captured a Japanese major, five other
officers and two civilians near WiJu.
All of, the prisoners -were sent to Ir
kutsk. Siberia.
¦ 'The Russians near the Yalu River
have informed the Korean authorities
tha^ any one caught supplying fodder
or any military provisions to the Jap
anese will be considered an enemv to
Russia and will be liable to be shot.
SHANGHAI, March 20.— News has
been received from Port Arthur that
several officers of the garrison, under
'the strain caused by the bombardme*nt
and by reverses, have committed sui
cide. Fifty soldiers have been shot
for attempted desertion ' in the past
fortnight. •¦ .
The total number of casualties in the
town to date are 2S5. The population
is demoralized. The weather is in
tensely cold.
An elaborate' system of barbed wire
barricades, based on the South African
plan, has been constructed around the
land approaches to the town, where
dynamite mines also have been laid.
Guns from the disabled battleships
have been mounted behind new earth
works.
Czar Prepares for
a Clash With
Britain.
Taken Prisoner by
Cossacks Near
Wiju. ¦
GREATER
WAR IS IN
PROSPECT
It Is claimed by Russia that the Japanese, during the latest bom
bardment of Port Arthur, shelled the quarantine station. Through
the French Minister in Tokio the Russian Government will protest
to Japan against this alleged violation of the rules of war.
The attention of the representatives of the powers has been
drawn to wholesale executions of prisoners in Seoul, the Korean
capital, and a r»rotest may be made. In three nights six prisoners
were decapitated' and thirty-eip-ht hanged.
No confirmation has come from the For East of the report that
a battle of some magnitude had occurred on the Yalu River. Ad
vices from St. Petersburg make no mention of an engagement, and
It Is tho belief there Hint Hie ninln lines of the opposing armies
In Northwestern Korea are still too far apart for a general engage
ment. It Is IJkely that the report had some connection with the
news of a light given out at Shanghai by the crew of the Amer
ican cruiser Cincinnati. In the latter combat only 200 Japanese and
SOO Russians were engaged. the smaller force be! — annihilated.
Admiral Togo's fleet is- still engaged, apparently. In coverlna:
the transportation of troops, and Port Arthur Is having "ulte a
lengthy period of tranquillity.
Two Jewish merchants, formerly of Vladivostok, havo arrived at
Victoria, B. C. They claim that at the outbreak of the war they
were given twenty-four hours' notice to leave the Russian strone
hold and were compelled to sell their property at a sacrifice. After
undergoing ereat hardships they reached a Korean seaport and fin
ally got to Japan, being constantly "shadowed" by J'oanese secret
service' men, who regarded them as spies. These men say that
Vladivostok Is impregnable. The place has been heavily fortified
and there is a network of mines at the approaches to the harbor.
Japan's Emperor has opened the special session of the Diet
with ancient ceremonial. In the speech from the throne Russia is
accused of duplicity and the Parliament is urged to pass the meas
ures presented by the Government to provide funds for carrying on
the war.
JAPANESE
MAJOR IS
CAPTURED
FEATURES OF THE CALL'S WAR NEWS.
RUSSIA HURRIEDLY MOBILIZING AN ARMY IN TURKESTAN
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL'/ MONDAY, 21, 1004.
3
There is no other such deal-
rn£ in
tea baVing-pswder cplm
ceffe* flavoring extracts lodi
as Schilling's Best; no other
such goods; the goods account
for the dealing.
"I had La Grippe pains»all over mr,
and 1 was in such distress I thought I
could not endure -it. I thought of Dr.
Miles' Anti-Pain Pills, and after taking 3
doses the pain disappeared, and I slept
peacefully. My brother has a surelllcjr
on his neck and uses them, as they ease
the pain, and leave no bad effects lll«s
quieting powders."— ADELIA LANE,
Portage. Mich.
If they fail to help, your dragglrt will
refund your money on first package. ¦
25 doses, 25 cents. Never sold la talk.
The srreatest remedy on earth for pains
of" any kind. Their soothing Influence
upon the nerves is felt throughout the
entire system.
Dr. Miles-
Anti-Pain Pills
It would be utterly impossible tn
Imagine anything more distressing than
La Grippe paln3. They are simply Inde-
scribable, and seem to be composed of
all the misery sensations known. i
Yet they can be relieved, and in a very
short time, by taking
Grip Pains
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVXBTISEMENTS.
JjP^DEmOPING
y . l»i !¦' i ' r>Ty J! >' exceUent •work
M' . ¦ ' \ '" Ettrac^ n K favor-
m" '¦ " \ able attention all
I 'ft ovcr tlle c 0 ** 1 - Send
f • __ II roe & trial order;
mm ¦> *l# rWM like It. also.
t 4" Tk^w My price* are worth
p. iTTt— — J*"^ ccr.f !df-ri-jr; hrre ar;
wf~ a. few flcrurec:
nl DEVELOPING.
31 Roll »f »lx IOc
C) Roll of twelve 15c
HI PRINTING.
: BolJo fir.!*h 3c to Se
f I ¦'- ' V*lox finish 3c to Co
*' Daylight Ttoadlne Films, tn all
t popular «!zes. at my usual low
\ jirlcee. Order by mall If you're out
\ THAT MAN PITTS
\ F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
\ 100S MAHKKT STREET, above
(, Towell St.,
C Ean Francisco.The Carnegie Institution has $10,
101,500 assets and a cash- balance of
S445.472.V.. ¦. ':,>, : -.: ;.;¦.-: ¦¦• ¦¦,- ¦ . ;. , .;
The Pennsylvania-Railway,, east, of
Pittsburg, handles 75,000 . tons of freight
daily for each mile of its length,- its
annual earnings being $165,000 a mile.
OAKLAND! March JO.— The Pacific
Incinerating. Company has commenced
to distribute garbage cans through
out the city,, preliminary to the begin
ning of operations at the crematory in
West Oakland.
Distributes Garbage Cans.
RULERS WILL DISCUSS
INTERNATIONAL TOPICS
ROME, March 20.— King Victor
Emmanuel has ordered the royal
yacht to be sent to Naples on March
26 for his meeting with Emperor Wil
liam of Germany, who will remain
there four days. The press is semi
officially assured that the meeting of
the • monarchs will have no political
significance." although the sovereigns
wish to have a verbal exchange of
views concerning pending inter
national questions. S,
The North German Lloyd steam
ship " Koenig Albert, with Emperor
William on board, sailed at midnight,
smid salutes fjrom the fleet in the har
bor and batteries on the rock.
"PROGRESSIVE POLYGAMY"
NEW NAME FOR DIVORCE
Dr. 31 cKlm In I^enten Sermon Com
pares Legal Separations With
Mormon Methods.
WASHINGTON, March 20.— "Some
Ugly Features of Our National Life,
and What to Do About Them," was the
subject of a Lenten sermon delivered
to-night by the Rev. Dr. McKIm of the
Epiphany Church. He made a direct
and forcible attack on the "almost
conscienceless extravagance and pas
sion for display"- that' "has spread
downward among the people." Dr. Mc-
Klm drew:a vivid picture of the "pro
gressive polygamy" of society divorces
as compared with the polygamy of. the
Mormons and made a caustic reference
to the "graft from top to bottom of
society" and "even the dark and por
tentious shadow of the betrayal - of
public trust lying across the legislative
balls of the nation." . . -. -
Bank President Dies.
SPARTA^ Wis., March 20.— A tele
gram from Los Angeles to-day an
nouncing the Budden death of Ira Hill,
aged 64, president of the Bank of
Sparta. Hill and his wife were spend
ing the winter in California. '
Mr. and Mrs. I. C. Bateman have returned
from San Francisco, where they lived for the
last eighteen months, and are now residing at
934 Taylor avenue. ¦: . -., .<¦..,- .¦•'.;
C. P. Whltcomb will address the member*
of the decorative art section of the Adelphian
Club rext Friday on "Baskets and Banket
Makers of the Pacific Coast." He will illus
trate - hU talk with charts and samples of
bafeketry. ' : . f . . ' - :
¦ Joseph Durney . of 2249 San Antonio avenue
has gone East on a business trip and expects
to he. away from Alameda for six weeks. "
ALAMEDA, March 20. — Miss Anne. Louise
Daniels will leave on the 2d of next month
for Baltimore, from where she will take
passage (or Bremerhaven, Germany, on ' the
steamer Chemnitz. She goes abroad to resume
her musical studies In Berlin.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Poisoned by Pencil.
Sala Morris, a 12-year-old girl re
siding with her parents at 410 Franklin
street, was poisoned yesterday after
noon by eating canned salmon which
containing a small portion of an Indeli
ble pencil. The child was taken to the
Central Emergency Hospital, where
timely treatment saved her life.
ALAMEDA. March 20. — Miss Edith
E. Saxton, the 16-year-old daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. William Saxton of 1517
JFtailroad avenue, died at 10 o'clock
this morning at the family residence.
Death was due to a pulmonary com
plaint. The funeral will take place
Tuesday afternoon from the late home
of the deceased.
Dies at Sixteen.
Well-Known Wool Buyer Dies.
PRESCOTT, A. T., March 20.— James
F. Salter, a well known wool buyer of
Denver, died at the Mercy Hospital
SAN DIEGO, March 20. — George
Merritt Clark of Buffalo, N. Y., a well
known member of the American
"Water Color Society of New York,
died at his California home, the Bo
hemian Bungalow, near Bostonla, in
this county, early this morning.. •-.:• '¦-.*
New Yorker Dies in San Diego.
here to-day after* ten days' illness of
peritonitis and abscess of the liver. An
operation "was performed Friday, but
did not give relief. Salter. who was 52
years old, was at one time a prominent
and wealthy wool merchant of Boston
and New York.
Herman F. Muller, for many years
receiving teller of the .German Sav
ings and Loan Society, passed away
Saturday at his home on Lyon street.
He was a\ native of New York, 50
years of age, and leaves a widow. The
funeral service will be held to-day at
2 p. m. at Masonic Temple under the
auspices of California Lodge Xo. 1,
P. and A. M. Interment will be pri
vate.
Bank Teller Passes Away.
ALAMEDA, March 20.— Rev. C. C.
Bateman, chaplain of the Twenty
eighth United States Infantry, will ad
dress the Unitarian Club "Wednesday
night on "The Philippines, Their Peo
ple. Products and Prospects." On th«
night of the thirtieth Professor Milton
B. Vail will lecture at the same place
on •" Russo-J.inanese War" and Henry
Payot will deliver an Illustrated talk
on "The Land of the Rising Sun." La
die* will be invited on that occasion.
Unitarian Club Events.
The Berkeley "renascence" will prob
ably date from the day that the new
Hillside Library of Architecture gets in
full working order. As a kind of a
forerunner of what's to come th» Hill
side Club has caused to be published
and widely distributed a little pam
phlet by Charles Keeler on "Artistic
Home Building." This book probably
will be the death warrant * of the
Berkeley "decadent," and the birth
certificate of the Berkeley "renascence"
in things architectural.
A course In architecture- will soon be
oe necessary to the future home builder
in Berkeley as a building permit, if the
plans that are now being developed by
the Hillside Club are carried to their
f tuition. The club, which Is an organ
ization that would have tickled the
heart of Jonn Ruskin or Matthew
Arnold, has resolved to found a library
on home building so that the good peo
ple of Berkeley will know what's what
in architecture.
The club Is native to the environs
about the north gate of the university
and social ostracism awaits the one
that will be anarchistic enough to build
according to his own barbaric tastes
and not consult all the nicely colored
drawings that will find a resting placa
In the new. library.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street. March 20.
Tuesday 'morning session, 9:30 — Topic.
VEvanKelistlc Forces." ''Hebrews, XI, and
E\angelisni," Rev. A. I. Goodfriend: "The
Holy Spirit, and Evangelism," Rev. W. C.
Sherman: "Prayer, and Evangelism," Rev. W.
M. White; "Practical Evangelistic Methods,"
Rev. E. R. Ulile; open parliament: luncheon.
Afternoon session. 1:*U — Topic, "Personal
Evangelism." Acts, chapter XX, Rev. "W*.
J. Ppeers; "Personal Prayer Habits," Rev, W.
C. Sherman; "Utilising Our Membership," Rev.
Jj. J. Sawyer; "Personal Conviction of Sin,"
Rev, Richard Hardin: '"Experience of a Per
sonal Worker," Adjutant Storey: "Personal
Workers Abroad." Mlsa Katbrene Myers: "The
Soulwlnnet's Joy," Rev. R. C. Brooks: supper
for delegates.
Evening young people's session — Edward Mc-
Klnlay, •chairman. Personal workers' texts:
"Ways of Winning"; "The Evangelistic
Movement Among the Young." Rev. . J. S.
Macintosh- - "•Purpose Meeting," Miss Esther
R. Smith. •
Monday morning- session. 0:30 — Topic. "The
Present Situation." EiekieU chapter XXXVII.
Rev. S. G. Gale; "Present Needs and Con
ditions": "Obstacles to Soulwinning." Rev.
E. W. Darst; "Is a Change- Possible?" Rev.
K. P. Dennett: "The Message of Joel," Rev.
Franklin Rhoda; fastins and prayer.
Afternoon session, 1:30 — Topic, "Evangel
istic Efforts." "The Great Commission." Rev.
Paul Stewart; "The Evangelistic Movement,"
Rev. E. E. Baker; "Torrey's World Tour,"
Rev. Miles B. Fisher; "A Sermon to School
Children," Uev. I. N. Halllday: "Every Pastor
an Evangelist," Rev. A. C. Bane; "Revivals
ana Eoulaavingr." Rev. M. Slaughter; "The
Essentials of a True Revival," Rev. H. M.
Gllcrist; supper for delegates.
Evening session. 7:30 — Topic. "Saving the
Children." Scripture texts concerning children;
"Home Instruction." Rev. J. H. Lawrence;
"Sunday School Evangelism" ;• "The Conver
sion and Training o£ Children," Rev. G. W.
White.
The conference arrangements have
been largely furthered by the Rev.
Dwlght E. Potter, pastor of Union
street church. Provision has ' been
made for the entertainment of many
guests. The conference will open to
morrow morning, the session being de
voted to discussion of "the present sit
uation." The complete conference pro
gramme follows:
"Evangelism" is the theme of a two
days' conference which will be held
Monday and Tuesday at Union-street
Presbyterian Church. Twenty-five
pastors and laymen will present vari
ous phases of the subject. Evangel
istic workers from foreign lands and
fiom State localities will take part. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 20.
CHICAGO, March 20.— Charles L.
Counselman, head of the commission
house of Counselman & Co. of Chicago,
died to-day at Hot Springs, Va., of
Blight's disease. Four months ago
Counselman went to California In
search of health, and when he left for
Virginia two weeks ago it was believed
he had completely recovered. Counsel
man, who was 55 years of age, was one
of the most prominent brokers In Chi
cago.
Commission Merchant Is Dead.
ALAMEDA, March 20. — Rev. E. E.
Baker of the First Presbyterian
Church of Oakland will preach the
dedicatory sermon on Easter Sunday,
¦when the new edifice of the First
Presbyterian Church on Santa Clara
avenue and Christnut street will be
opened for worship. The building Is
nearly completed and within the next
ten days the furnishings will be in
stalled. The structure still lacks the
final coat of paint and the colored
glass windows that will be a feature of
the church. .:•:
X«*\v Chnrrh Xearly Ready.
Hillside Association Founds
a Special Library for
Benefit of Townspeople
Two Days' Conference Be
gins With Soul-Saving
Methods as the Subject
EVANGELISTS
WILL SPEAK
"The Holy Land" was the subject of
an address delivered this evening at the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Church by
the Rev. Dr. Heacock.
Home missionary services . were held
this evening at the Chester-street
Methodist Church. The speakers were
Mrs. L. P. Williams and Mrs. C. G.
Davis.
The' First Baptist Church will occupy
the chanel of its new place of worship.
Telegraph avenue and Twenty-first
street, Easter Sunday.
The Rev. A; I. Goodfriend of Valona
preached , to-day at the Union-street
Presbyterian Church/ -:
The Rev. R.' C. Stone of the Centen
nial Presbyterian Church, preached his
fifth anniversary sermon to-day.
The Rev. S. H. Wingfleld-Dlgby, chap-
Iain of the . Seamen's Institute of San
Francisco, preached " to-night at % St.
John's Episcopal Church. .. . y
The First Congregational Church
choir sang Mozart's oratorio "Requiem"
this evening, the large chorus being un
der the direction of Alexander Stewart.
The organist, William B. King, played
two additional numbers from Mozart.
The soloists were Mrs. Grace Davis
Northrup, Mrs. Carroll Nicholson, Ar
thur Macurda and Harry L. Perry.
The annual meeting of the First Uni
tarian Church will be held Wednesday
evening at the church parlors. Reports
from the various church societies will
be presented, and an address will be
delivered bv the Rev. George W. Stone,
the minister.
John A. Britton, general manager of
the California Gas and Electric Cor
poration, delivered an address this aft
ernoon at the Young Men's Christian
Association on "Character and Ability
or Pull— Which?"
Forty hours' devotion was commenced
this morning at St. Columba's Church,
Golden Gate. The Rev. Father Keane
of St. Joseph's Church, San Francisco,
preached this morning. Monday even-
Ing the Rev. John Canteville of St. Jo
seph's Church, Berkeley, will officiate.
The; West Oakland evangelical
churches will unite during passion
week in the evening services, which
will be held at the Union-street Pres
byterian Church. :
Passion week services will be held in
East Oakland by the united congrega
tions of the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church, the Eighth-avenue Methodist
Episcopal Church, the Pilgrim Congre
gational Church and the Tenth-avenue
Baptist Church. The programme of
services Is as follows: Tuesday even
ing, March 29, Eighth-avenue Metho
dist Church, "The Day of Conflict," by
the Rev. H. W. Fraser; Wednesday
evening, March 30, Pilgrim Congrega
tional Church, "Christ and the Home,"
by the Rev. C. M. Hill; Thursday even-
Ing, . March . 31, Tenth-avenue Baptist
Church, "He That Serveth," by the
Rev. C. K. Jenness; Friday evening,
April 1. Brooklyn Presbyterian Church,
"The Place of Sacrifice," by the Rev.
R. C-' Brooks.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 20.
"May you have a long life and a hard
death; I would like to give you the
contents of a revolver," Is the threat
against the Rev. William Rader in an
anonymous letter recently received by
him.
It was in a sermon at the Third Con
gregational Church last night that the
Rev. Mr. Rader mentioned the fact of
his having received a threatening let
ter which was the outcome of a sermon
he preached Sundav night, March 13,
in which he scored agitators and
bluntly asserted that San Francisco is
full of anarchists; is full of people that
do not love this country, nor this coun
try's government.
On that occasion the Rev. Mr.
Rader declared that those that Insult
the Government of the United States
and those that Insult the flag of this
country should be deported, and he
continued by saying- that men that In
sult the Stars and Stripes are not
worthy Its protection.
Anarchy, he also declared, was in
disguise in the city under a "sweeter
name," a "more sugary guise," and he
pictured the mourning that had over
taken the nation through the assas
sination of three Presidents.
The subject of the sermon preached
last night was "The Leavening of the
Nation." "... .
Rev. Mr. Rader said in part:
A man sine against the Holy Ghost when
he becomes Impervious to truth, by prejudice
and bigotry.
One Is appalled sometimes at the attitude of
men toward the gospel. How frequently I
receive letters of condemnation for speaking
the simple truth. These letters, of course, are
unsigned and are consequently, from men who
are bad.
A man who would write an anonymous let
ter is oar>able of murder; is capable, I say,
of any crime of the calendar.
For the «ermon I preached last Sunday I
have received one letter which Illustrates the
hard mind.' In this tetter the writer politely
exrresses the desire to give me a "lead pill"
and wished me a "long life and a- hard death."
I hope he is here to-nlgnt. If I • were called
ux> at any hour of the night to help him, or
any other man, I would give my strength to
serve him.
That Is what I am in the world to do. but
these threats ere anarchy, not against me per
sonally, b'.it acalnst God. against the church,
against the truth and against the Government.
How shall the church make itself felt against
euch dreadful threats in this beautiful city.
in this beautiful land of the free?
The Bev. William Katler Ee
ceives Anonymous Note
Telling of Desire to Injure
Large Chorus Choir Heard
at First Congregational
Church in the "llequiem"
"WASHINGTON, March 20.— The an
nual meeting of the American Tract
Society was held to-dav in the. Church
of the Covenant. Justice Brewer pre
sided and made a brief address, setting
forth the general work of the tract
society, both in the home and foreign
field. He emphasized the necessity of
this work as well as showing that there
was no other agency so well equipped
to furnish Christian literature in the
many languages and dialects. Rev.
Judson Swift reported the year's work
and "William H. Taft. Secretary of
"War, delivered an address which gave
an account of the progress In the Phil
ippines relating particularly to educa
tion and Christianity. The secretary
of the society said that eighty- nin»
new publications had been added to
the list during the year. These were la
English, Polish, Bohemian. German.
Hungarian. Spanish, Swedish and Ital
ian and the total number of distinct
periodicals added was ISO. making the
grand total of publications isfcned since
the organization of the society, in
cluding volumes, tracts and periodicals.
749,315.572.
The tract society furnishes all or
nearly all of the Christian literature in
the Spanish language, and during the
year has distributed in the American
colonies upward of 1.000.000 pages, and
the total for the year in the Spanish
speaking countries Is 5.312,000 pages.
The society has expended a total of
three-fourths of a million dollars in
creating and circulating Christian
vernacular literature at the foreign
mission stations.
WORK OF AMERICAN* TRACT
SOCIETY IS REVIEWED
During Mrs. Nuttall's confinement
at Napa her violence had continued
and she finally collapsed. Death came
¦very suddenly after an unusually vio
lent attack, from which, in her weak
ened condition, the patient was unable
to rally.
OAKLAND, March 20. — Mrs. Aby
gail Nuttall. wife of Thomas Nuttall of
this city, who became violently in
sane at the family residence. 567
Twenty-fifth street, on March 6 and
was committed to the Xapa Insane
Asylum on March 10, died very sud
denly yesterday at that institution as
« result of physical and mental ex
haustion. The deceased had been
mildly insane for several weeks before
her commitment to the asylum and on
M:irch 6 she became exceedingly vio
lent, it being necessary to confine her
in straps at the Receiving Hospital.
DKATIf QUICKLV LXfiS
•SUFFERING OF MRS. XUTTALLi
THREATS MADE
TO CLERGYMAN
PASADENA, March 20.— A. W. Col
gate of Morristown, Mass., a wealthy
soap manufacturer, aged sixty-five
years, dropped dead as he was about
to enter the residence of a friend on
Orange Grove avenue late this after
noon. Death was due to heart failure.
Colgate had been staying at the Hotel
Raymond since December 19 and was
apparently in the best of health up to
the moment he fell dead. His wife and
sister, Mrs. Stone, were with him. The
body will be taken East to-morrow if
Mrs. Colgate is able to travel.
Wealthy Soapman Drops Dead.
David Dustin Shattuck, a well
known commission merchant of this
city, died yesterday at his home on
Sixth avenue. He was for a num
ber of years engaged in business on
Front street and was highly regarded
in the commercial world. Deceased
was a native of New Hampshire, 75
years of age, and is survived by a
widow and four children. Frank B.
Shattuck, Mrs. W, F. Holmes. Mrs. B.
B. Kellogg and Mrs. Robert H. Rene
bome. The funeral will take place to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock from
the Richmond Congregational Church.
Interment will be private.
Death of Wcll-Known Merchant.
CHILDREN" OF BERKELEY "WHO
WILL SING AT CONCERT IN
GREEK THEATER. ¦
RENDER MUSIC
FROM MOZART
The following officers have been
elected by the Amalgamated Car
penters to serve for the ensuing quar
ter: President, T. M. Latimer; vice
president, J. C. McCoy; sick steward,
D. Jimeson; auditors — John Hood, J.
Germain, W. Younp: delegate to Dis
trict Council of Carpenters, E. C.
Dickson, vice T. M. Latimer.
• Carpenters' Union No. 36 has ap
pointed a committee to confer with
the executive committee of the Build
ing Trades Council relative to the set
tlement of the differences between the
carpenters and the council. The mem
bers of the committee are R. Harlan,
W. Rambo and R. P. Scanlan.
OAKLAND, March 20. — The Labor
ers' Union held an all-day banquet on
St, Patrick's day, a general invitation
having been extended to members of
all unions affiliated with the Building
Trades Council to attend. During: the
day addresses were made by J. T.
Kerne, J. P. Burke, F. H. Pratt and
J. B. Bowen. The members of the
committee of arrangements were F.
Carlson, E. Baker, L. Swasey and J.
Austin.
News of the Labor. Unions.
WASHINGTON, March 20.—P.epre
sentative Charles W. Thompson of the
Fifth Alabama District died in this
city this afternoon of pneumonia. He
has been sick just one week, having
been attacked first last Sunday night.
Toward the end he suffered intensely.
The body will be taken to Tuskegee,
Ala., for burial.
Representative Froni Alabama Suc
cumbs to Attack of Pneumonia.
DEATH CALLS THOMPSON'.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
CLUB TO TEACH
HOME BUILDING
One of the features of the concert
•will be the motion songs by some fifty
primary girls. They will be dressed in
costumes of white canvas and blue
ties and trimmings, and dance and
motion to the singing of their friends
of the higher classes.
So much rain has fallen that the
grounds leading to the Greek Thea
ter of the University of California are
in a deplorable state, and unless the
rain ceases for the rest of the week it
will be necessary to wait. A postpone
ment is a thing the managers wish to
avoid, as it will demoralize the sine
ers and the singing, too., Mrs. L. V.
Sweesy, who is training the voices,
said to-day that not until the middle
of the week could she say what would
be done in this emergency.
The children have been carefully
trained for this concert. First they
were practiced in their various schools
and then as a whole. The initial re
hearsal of the 500 children was held
yesterday and was entirely successful.
The programme for the day will be as
follows:
"Columbus. Glorious Nation," chorus; scngs
of the season, chorus; "An Apple "Orchard in
the Spring," "Spirit of Summer Time," "The
Golden Rod," "Snow So Fair." Primary
songs, Longfellow school — "Sailor Song,'
"Summer": Southern sores, chorus — "Suwa
nee River," "Dixie Land," "Old Black Joe":
MeKinley Glee Club — "The Children's Armr," r
"The. Finland Song"; sacred songs, chorun —
"Cast Thy Burden." "Christmas Seng," "Oh,
for the peace"; primary songs, Longfellow
School— "An April Child," "Froggries* Swim
ming School"; Scotch pongs, chorus — "Blue
Bt-llB of Scotland," "My Heart's in the High
lands." "Bonnie Dundee"; Whittier .Boys'
Club — "Styrlan Song." "Jolly School of Boys";
slumber song?, chorus — "O, Blue Eyes,"
"Lullahy." "Cradle Song"; patriotic songs,
chorus — "Star Spangled Banner," "America."
BERKELEY, March 20.— The man
agers of the concert to be given by 500
school children for the benefit of the
fund to furnish the juvenile room in
the new Carnegie Library are in doubt
as to whether or not they will let the
concert go on next Saturday, the day
fixed for the big festival of music.
Having failed to negotiate, the club
has abandoned that plan of campaign
and will attack the legality of the pro
ceedings under which the franchises
were granted, and John Yule, the at
torney and president of th<» club, has
made a report on that phase which de
clares that there are three fatal errors
which invalidate the franchises. This
report, with a petition from the inter
ested property owners to postpone final
action on the franchise ordinance, will
be presented to the City Council to
morrow night.
This offer is considered a prohibitive
one by the club's committee which had
the* negotiations in hand. Macdonald.
the committee declares, has admitted
that the cut-off franchise is of no use
to his principals — that they could not
utilize it. On the other hand, the Tran
sit Company desired it simply to im
prove the Fourth avenue service into
Peralta Heights and the contiguous
territory. The two franchises involved
are merely new connection* between
the Fourth avenue branch and the main
line on East Twelfth street. No other
company could under any conditions
find the slightest practical value in
these 'franchises except for speculative
purposes.
Macdonald's offer to make the assign
ment is considered by the club as evi
dence that the privileges are not of
service to his principals for road-con
struction purposes. The College avenue
franchise might be made valuable as a
feeder for the "corkscrew" franchise
out "Webster street, which is in Mac
donald's name.
The Peralta Heights and Boulevard
Improvement Club has failed in ita
move to get an assignment to the Oak
land Transit Consolidated of the Fourth
avenue cut-off franchise, which was In
cluded In a blanket purchase of fran
chises by J. H. Macdonald, representing
principals who have not made public
their identity. Macdonald has demand
ed for the Fourth avenue franchise one
third of the $8300. the total amount at
which he bid in these and the College
avenue privileges.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, March 20.
Attacks Legality of Pro
ceedings by Which Mac
• donald Bid Was Accepted
GOES TO THE COUNCIL
Improvement Club Eejects
Proposal 3Iade to Assign
Foiirth-Avenne Franchise
All this is to cost $200,000. that is. if
the Town Trustees decide that it must
be done. Engineer Huggins suggests
that the best way to pay for it is by
the district plan, each district being as
sessed for the benefit that will be con
ferred upon it.
The rains c-f the last month have
demonstrated that the sewers ought to
be laid, for whenever there was a heavy
rain the sewers overflowed throughout
West Berkeley, making it disagreeable
and unhealthful for the people living
in that section of the twn. The sew
ers were uuilt for a town much smaller
than Berkeley and naturally the in
creasing growth of the city has finally
resulted In the overtaxing of the pipes.
City Engineer C. L. Huggins has hit
upon a new plan for draining Berkeley
of its surplus waters and diverting
them so that they will not repeat the
immense damage to property that was
•inflicted this year. In substance, the
plan consists in four big storm sewers
that will be built in the bottom of the
natural waterways of the town, on the
principle that it is easier to follow the
lead of nature than it is to create new
ways. (
It will be possible to use but three
of the natural drainage systems, as
there is no system adequate for the
purpose in one of the sections— South
Berkeley. One of the three sewers will
be laid in School House Creek in North
Berkeley, another in Strawberry Creek
in Central Berkeley and still another
in Derby Creek in South Berkeley. The
fourth will be laid in an artificial be"d
along either Tyler or Woolsey street.
Immense pipes, large enough to carry
off the surplus no matter how thick the
population or how heavy the rain will
be laid. These will probably be- three
feet in diameter.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, March 20.
1 Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
i 1118 Broadway, March 20.
Richard Cornelius, president of the
Street Railway Men's Union of San
Francisco, delivered an address this
evening at the socialist headquarters
on the subject of "The Citizens' Alli
ance vs. the Trades Unions." Repre
sentatives from nearly all the labor or
ganizations in this city were present; a
large number of the members of Car
penters' Union No. 26 having attended
the lecture in a body. Mr. Cornelius
contended that the only way for the
labor unions to meet the issue which
the organizing of the Citizens' Alliance
had brought about was to go into busi
ness on the co-operative plan. He said:
We are living In an age of organization,
and in order to live we ipuM perfect our own
organization. Xever before In th<? history of^
the world was- society so thoroughly organ
ized. We are fed by an organization of pro
vision dealer?; we are clothe by an organi
zation of dealers in sho<idy. for seldom indeed
is Ihe workin^raan able to buy anything but
nhoddy. and lastly, if by eome chance a
».'orkingman Is ahle to build a home of his
own. he is confronted by the lumber trust.
All that now remains la for the laboring man
to have a trust that he may meet the other
trusts on even frnxs. and now. when the
workingrnan begins to organize for •self-pro
tection, he in confronted by the Citizens' Al
liance, which eayg, "\\> ar* out to destroy
you unless you He down and be good dogs."
Tlierr- are on'y two way*, lie down or fight
back, and I for one am- going to fight back.
Organized labor is going around In a circle,
but with "very revolution the circle is getting
wider, and more .worklngmen are being brought
into the ranks of organized labor. Now jhe
Citizens" Alliance has come just about the.
right lime. Not that th<» Citizens' Alliance
amounts to much, for it does not. but if the
f-omlng of this mushroom growth ends in forc
ing the union man to go Into business for
himself I for one nhall thank God for the
Citizens' Alliance. If I had my way, the
union!" would conduct their own stores, and
then the union man could defy the power of
such organizations as the Citizens' Alliance.
Herbert George faid that the labor
unions were all bluff and that if the employer
would only stand firm the laboring man would
take ofT his hat. Well, time will prove ¦wheth
er or net that is so. In my opinion there is
nothing to the Citizens' Alliance but bluff and
bliiFter. It flgilres that enough union men
will turn traitor to their principles to. allow
the employer and the business man to win
out. but if the workingmen stand together the
employer cannot hurt them and they will havs
nothln~ to fear from the Citizens' Alliance,
l^t the union men start a co-oyeratlve store
of their own and put their best men at the
hea>] of it and as their capital grows let them
extend their business *and t^ey will soon find
that th»y can do without the men who are
m«-mbors= of the Citizens' Alliance, and when
these nvn low the support of the laboring
men it will n^.t be Ions before they will be
looking for a job, po?»!bly from the very m»n
whom- they wftld now force to the wall by
means of the Citizens' Alliance.
The plans for the next rally of the
"Oakland Boosters" are now com
pleted, and the meeting will be held
ii^xt Tuesday evening at "Ye Liberty
Hayhouse."
'ihe raliy »tll be held after the close
cf ih« regular performance, which will
be slightly shortened to accommodate
tho s=j»eakers at the rally.
Thfe "Boosters" will gather in the
chapel of th4 First Presbyterian
Church, and will enter the theater by
the stage door on Franklin street.
While the la^t art of the piay is being
finished the speakers, among whom
are the Rev. E. It. Dille. the Rev. E. E.
Baker, Rev: Father AlcSweeney. Coun
cilman A. H. Elliott and James P. Tay
lor, will take their places on the rear
of the revolving stage, and immedi
ately on the fall of the curtain' the
stage will be turned, brinjons: the
speakers fate to face with the audi
ence. The present campaign of the
"Boosters" is for the proposed bond
Issue, and on Tuesday evening the
ei>eak<TS will point out the great bene
fit that will accrue to the city of Oak
land if the bonds are authorized.
The members of the Oakland Real
Estate Dealers' Association are also
working for thr bond issue, as they re
alize that if th*» proposed public im
provements are t-ceomjiliFhed property
will increase in value and at the same
time will be in greater demand. Twen
ty-five members of the association en-
Joyed the hospitality of the Press Club
at luncheon yesterday afternoon, and
the following committee has been ap
pointed to draft resolutions of thanks
to the members of the club on behalf of
the association: Charles Taylor. Henry
Dodge and James S. Naismith. The
Real Estate Dealers' Association has
created the office of assistant secretary,
and yesterday afternoon Ellis E. Wood
was elected to fill the position.
Real estate dealers report little busi
ness during the past week, the almost
steady rain having kopt prospective
purchasers within doors. Dealers are
confident, however, that as soon aa
the weather clears up the market will
be better than ever before in the his
tory of Oakland. Lost week was the
first this year that the inclement
weather has interfered ivith the realty
market, business during the preceding
•week having been unusually brisk.
Hyde & Hirges, contractors, are
building a new wherf in East Oakland
for J. S. Kimball. The new structure
will be C2j feet long when completed
and will have a width of 40 feet. It will
be used for landing lumber and freiuht.
The Oakland Board of Trade commit
tee on the celebration of the arrival of
the first Santa Fe train in Oakland is
preparing an interesting programme
for the occasion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March 20.
Horace Davis, a former president of
the university, will address the Agri
cultural Club Friday morning at 11
o'clock in the agricultural building. His
subject will be "California Wheat From
the Miller's Standpoint."
The Art Association concert will be
held In Hearst Hall on Friday evening.
The musicians for the evening will be
Mrs. Lachmund and Mr. Manchester.
The Association of Collegiate Alum
nae will meet in Sorosis Hall, 1620 Cali
fornia street, San Francisco, next Sat
urday at 2:15 o'clock. Dr. Farrand of
Stanford will speak on "The New Inter
pretation of American History and Ita
Importance for California."
The championship field day will be
held on Wednesday on the oval. The
four classes will be the competitors.
* The Charter day address will be de
livered by Dr. James B. Angell, presi
dent of the University of Michigan,
who has become distinguished in the
United States both as a scholar and
diplomat. .
The postponed lecture of Samuel
Adelsteln on "The Temple of the Holy
City" will be delivered to-morrow even
ing in Hearst Hall. The lecture is un
der the auspices of the' Art Associa
tion. r
The students will assemble by classes,
freshmen first, on the road leading from
the library to the Greek Theater at 9:45
o'clock. The regents, guests of the uni
versity, faculty members and officers of
the alumni bodies will assemble at the
library at 10 o'clock. In case of rain
the procession will assemble in the
armory and march upstairs into Har
mon gymnasium.
Charter day will come on Wednesday,
marking the forty-fourth year since
the foundation of the University of
California and the thirty-sixth since the
present charter was granted. The stu
dents and faculty wiJl assemble as in
past years and participate in the cere
monies that will distinguish the occa
sion.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
- 2148 Center Street, March 20.
SAYS FIGURES
ARE TOO HIGH
Carmen's Leader Declares
Business Once Started
Will Endure and Extend
Faculty and Students of Uni
versity Will Fall in Line
and Go to Greek Theater
System Will Cost $200,000
and People Will Pay Ac
cording to the District
MARKS AN ANNIVERSARY
REALTY MARKET QUIET
Board of Trade to Cele
brate Arrival of First
?Santa Fe Passenger Train
ADDRESSES SOCIALISTS
BAIN OVERTAXES PIPES
Organization Plans Bond
Rally at Which Promi
nent Citizens Will Speak
Cornelius Says Union Men
Should Open Co-operative
Stores to Fight Alliance
Dr. James B.iAngeli; Pres
ident of Michigan, Will
Address California Men
Engineer C. L^ Huggins Sug
gests Four Storm Sewers
for Bottom of the Creeks
BIG MEETING
OF "BOOSTERS"
ADVISES LABOR
TO FORM TRUST
HERE TO SPEAK
ON CHARTER DAY
FINDS NEW WAY
TO DRAIN TOWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, MARCH 21, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Grounds Leading to Greek Theater at University
Are in Deplorable State and Managers of Ju
venile Singers Are Contemplating Postponement
RAIN MAY NECESSITATE
DEFERRING OF CONCERT
4
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY -COOK BOOK,
Mali This Order to Tn« Saa rxaaotaco Can Wit* 78a.
The San Francisco Call.
San Francisco, Cal.r
Inclosed herewith please find 73c, for which send me on*
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscribe
crs to the daily and Sundav paper, and the additional 35s U
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEr « «»«.«
STREET ..—
city .;...: « MW .
STATE —
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
.1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYStork Visits Curzon Home.
:"\NCHESTER; March 20.— John
Redmond, addressing an Irish demon
stration here to-day, said that the first
business of. the party was to strike
down the present Government and
then to see that no Government was
put into office which would not' grant
home rule to Ireland.' He said It was
ridiculous for Liberals like Herbert
H. Asquith to / call home 'rule an
"academic question."
Redmond Scores Government.
..KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 20.—
Reports received from all parts of the
Kansas wheat belt show . that to-day's
heavy - .rainfall was general. .The
Santa Fe Railroad headquarters " at
Topeka has . advices that wheat every
wh'-e is. in,good condition.
Wheat Crop, Flourishing:.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., March 20.— Sir
Cavendish Boyle, Governor , of. New
foundland, has been promoted to the
Governorship ¦, of - Mauritius. . This is
one of the most important of the
British colonial governorships, . and
carries. a salary of $25,000 a year, as
against $10,000 paid to the.Governor
of Newfoundland.. The promotion
is due to Sir Cavendish Boyle's tact
ful handling of French ¦ shore matters
during his incumbency of the ;pres- 4
ent post. He "will r leave here early 'in*
Sir Cavendish Boyle Promoted.
Fire Ruins Factory.
MILWAUKEE. March 20.— Fire to
night ruined the big factory owned
by M. Moliter and J. P. Hummel and
the\Creve Show Print Company's
plant, both located in a four-stnrj
building at the corner of Milwaukas
and Durn streets. Loss. J 100.000.
March 20. — George Alex
ander makes the unusual announce
ment that; in consequence , of , the fail
ure of : "Love's Carnival," an Eng
lish version of the German play.
'•Rosen Montag," which was produced
at the St. James Theater last Wednes
day night,' it will" be withdrawn to
morrow:- and be . replaced, by "Old
Heidelberg." which ran for 200 nights
prior to : the' opening of "Love's Car
nival." .
"Love's Carnival" Withdrawn.
T. E. Browning, Chief of Police of
Ogden, and Sheriff J. W. Bailey left
yesterday morning on their .return
trip, taking With them John' Sullivan,
alias Jack Furey, who is wanted there
on a charge of robbery. The officers
also took with them Fred Rogers, \ a
boy who ¦; escaped from the Reform
School at Ogden and whom they ar
rested here.' . ;
Taken Back to Ojjden.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., March 20.— The All
ing of Arrowhead Lake with water at
the World's Fair grounds -to-day
marked aibeginning of the completion.
In its details, of the exposition. This
body of water skirts the Philippine res
ervation and contains about 9,000.000
gallons of water. It Is to be used for
homes for the lake-dwelling tribes of
the Philippines, and will also afford a
fire protection.
The filling of Arrowhead Lake forms
the first of the water effects of the ex
position. The lagoons will be filled
during the coming week. All these
bodies of water will be obtained from
the. city mains. The first filling will
not be- filtered, but thereafter -nd
throughout the fair all the water will
be filtered in the lake and lagoons.
Task of Filllnir Arrowhead Luke in St.
Louis Fair Grounds Is Ac
complished.
HOME FOR WATER DWELLING
FILIPINOS IS COMPLETED
That Indian tea at the home of
Mrs. George Law Smith, 2226 Jack
ron street, Tv^as a most astounding buc
c<?ss. On Saturday night every able
bodied redrkin.from the Klickitats up
the coast, to the Algonquins from the
vnowclad East, had Withered at the
home of the hospitable paleface, and
they danced, crooned, prophesied and
«lid all sorts of profitable stunts — and
the Animals* Kofuge is thereby safe
for ot least a time — and the poor old
ne'er-do-well tabbies and dojjs'es need
have no fears for their uncertain fu
ture. , '. - '
S t?o" great a surc«»«=?» — artistfrnlly and
financially — was the affair that the
r. r i]pf-' | i]s hostess has consented to con
tlnue it for another afternoon and
night, the day yet to be decided upon
— presumably Wednesday or Thurs
day, po.as not to interfere with the
j>!3rs of the Doctor's Daughters.
The date will be announced to-mor
fow. /
So Snccessfnl !« the Affair That So
ciety Demands Repetition of the
Sonjfs and Dances.
The usual routine at the reporting
on and off of the watches at the Cen
tral Police station was varied yester
day afternoon by the presentation of
a gold watch, suitably inscribed; fob
and Jeweled star to John D. O'Brien,
the well-known Call reporter, for his
bravery In saving the life of Police
man D. J. Keohane at the risk of his
own on the morning of March 4. dur
ing -the capture of two burglars in
the Astor House on Pine street.
• The men were formed in the As-
Eembly room and punctually at 3
o'clock Chief WIttman took his po
sition on an improvised platform. The
Chief paid a graceful compliment to
O'Brien for. his act of valor and made
the presentation on behalf of the
donors, the members of Company A.
The recipient made a suitable reply
and the proceedings wound up with a
special vote of thanks to him by the
company, followed by applause.
John D. O'Brien Presented With, a
Gold Watch, Fob and Jeweled
Star by Company A.
POLICE3IEN HONOR BRAVE
ACTION OF A REPORTER
J. C. Godwin, manager of the Re
gal Shoe Company, Geary and Stock
ton streets, received a telephone mes
sage on Saturday to send three pairs
of shoes to the manager's office at
the Emporium as samples. ' A boy was
sent with the shoes and when he
reached the Emporium a young man
took the oarcel from him and told
him he would take it to the manager's
office. It was discovered later that
the .shoes had not been ordered by
the Emporium and that a trick had
been played : on the shoe company,
which reported the matter to the po
lice. -¦¦¦¦.- ¦¦¦''-, ;
Trick Played on Shoe Store.
The American market was fairly
strong at the beginning of the week,
but was far weaker; afterward' on
the news of- the collapse of Sully &
Co. in New York.
LONDON, March 20. — The stock
market has been stronger and more
active, especially in the early part of
the week, owing to the cheapness of
money and the absence of War news.
The new Irish loan issued in accord
ance with the terms of the Irish land
purchase act, is considered attractive
for investors, and will be easily cov
ered. Business during the week con
tinued to be of small ' volume, but
there was no pressure to sell, and the
report that the Government is buying
Consols for the sinking fund had a
reassuring effect..
Loan Proves Attractive to
Investors.
Business Active and Strong— New Irish
ABSENCE OF WAR NEWS
ENLIVENS LONDON MARKET
CLEVER INDIAN" FTXCTIOX
TO BE GIVEN' THIS WEEK
WASHINGTON, March 20.— The for
eign crop report of the Department of
Agriculture gives the following:
-Austria official . estimates of wheat
crop of 1903, 46,014,058 bushels of 60
pounds each; rye. 81,157,628 bushels of
66 pounds; barley, 73,872,502 bushels of
48 pounds; oats, 128,328,181 bushels of
'32 pounds, tnd maize, '16,055,908 bushels,
of 58 poundl.
Australia ]Svheat crop of 1903-04 un
doubtedly very large and will have an
unusual quantity available for export.
Argentina visible wheat supply about
56 per cent greater than a year ago. and
double that of corresponding date , in
1902. The surplus available for export
out of the 1903-04 crop is unofficially es
timated at over 90,000,000 bushels.
Roumania wheat area sown in the
fall of 1903 officially estimated at
4,011,402 acres; rye, 326,923 acres; bar
ley, 81.494, and rape 145,157.
Rtissla, official estimates— Wheat area
for 1903, 577,264, 2S8 acres; production,
621.457,659 bushels of 60 pounds; rye,
912,007.655 bushels of 56 pounds; oats.
769,782,316 bushels of 32 pounds, and
barley, 37.470,361 bushels. Livestock:
Horses, 28.170,500: cattle. 44.251.500;
sheep and goats, 71,541,200, and swine.
13.782,100. ' ,Ci-f
Hungary— Crops reported officially
satisfactory.
Turkey— German Consul General re
ports grain crops of Turkey extraordi
narily good.
Italy— Crop conditions fairly good.
France— Official primary estimates of
1903-04 crop areas are: Wheat. 15.920.
428 acres: : rye, 3.236.439; barley. 360.033:
oats, 2,021.078. The winter wheat area
is over 3 per cent less than a year asro.
Condition of cereals stated as falling
somewhat below "good."
Netherlands — Weather too mild and
wet. • •
Portugal— Wheat crop larger than
first supposed and requirements from
abroad estimates at 3,000,000 bushels.
Uruguay — Wheat crop a medium
yield, but of, excellent- quality.
Smedley was known both as an actoi
and playwright. During the past yeai
ne has been starring In "Her Fata:
Sin." a Play written by himself. The
youns man's father has directed th«
authorities at Detroit to send the bod>
here for burial.
Leeland was last seen alive Thursday
morning, and it is believed he turned
on the gas and died Thursday after
noon. His preparations had been most
careful. He even removed the tip from
the gas Jet to insure a rapid flow. He
left a note on the table in the room
saying:
"My only request Is that I be buried
here at the expense of the city. I have
no money. I have spent many hun
dreds of dollars while here as a membet
of various theatrical companies. Don't
notify my parents. It is unnecessary."
On the back of this note he had
written that weakness and illness as a
result of an operation for appendicitis
and an attack of typhoid fever had in
capacitated him for work. "I am very
well connected," he wrote, "probably
better than any one In the theatrical
profession. Last season I played a
leading role in "The Chaperones."
SALT LAKE, March 30.— Robert Lee
land's real name is William Burns
Smedley. He is the son of William E.
Smedley, a wealthy banker and insur
ance man of this city. The young man
was born in Leavenworth, Kans., In
1874, but spent most of his youth here.
He was educated In an Eastern medi
ctLl school, but was obliged to give us
his profession because of ill health.
Some years ago he attended a military
academy at Poughkeepsle. N. Y.. wUb
the Intention of entering West Point
He soon left school, however, to beconw
an actor.
DETROIT, March 20.— Robert Lea
land, an actor and writer of several
melodramas, was found dead to-day in
his room in a lodging-house on Colum
bia street. He had committed suicide
by stuffing up every crack and crevice
in the room and then turning on the
gas. Leeland, who was 30 years of age,
is said by one of his friends to be the
son of a wealthy banker in Salt Lake
named -Smedley.
EL PASO, Tex., March 20. — "Cuckoo,"
one of the most noted bull-fighters in
all Mexico, met his death while pursu
ing his vocation in the arena at Juarez
to-day. . .
"Cuckoo" was regarded as an expert
with the sword, and when he faced the
fourth bull to administer the coup de
grace to the exhausted animal no one
doubted but that the death of the
beast would result from one clean
thrust. Contrary to expectations, the
bull did not die instantly, but sank to
his knees in mortal agony. "Cuckoo"
then attempted to give the brain thrust
and complete his work, but as he bent
over the bull hastily regained his feet
and tossed the matador Into the air.
piercing him with his long horns and
tearing the flesh in a horrible manner.
The dying man was quickly wrapped in
a blanket and carried from the arena,
while the victorious bull rolled over in
the sand, to rise no more. Several thou
sand people witnessed the fight and
many were sickened by the closing
spectacle. .. .
"Cuckoo* was a favorite with the
Mexican masses, and his untimely end
caused much sorrow among the Mexi
can peons.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dying Bull Unexpectedly
Turns on His Tormentor
and Tosses Him on Horns
iustralia and Argentina
Will Have a Large Sur
plus of Wheat for Export
Son of Wealthy Salt Lake
Banker Commits Suicide
in Detroit Lodging-House
FOREIGN CROP
OUTLOOK GOOD
FATAL GORING
OF A MATADOR
ACTOR ENDS
LIFE BY GAS
Mrs. McHugh alleges that the con
ductor swore to a battery charge
against her to save himself, as she
told him she would sue the railroad
company.
I boarded the Geary-street car at FlUtnore
street and asked the conductor to let.me get
off at Seventh avenue. He replied In an in
sulting manner that the car went only as far
as Fifth avenue and that I'd have to walk
the rest of the way. We then had an argu
ment, during which, taking advantage of ray
being the only passenger on the car, he »wor«
at me and otherwise insulted me. When we
reached Fifth avenue bs stopped the car and
pushed me off. We both fell, he one way and
I the other. He *ot up and left me lyln*
alon». An old man came along and directed
me to the French Hospital, where I was
later arrested as I was having my wounds
dressed. I never hit him and whatever cuts
he may have received he (tot from, falling
while throwing me from the car. .
Mrs. Catherine McHugh, a domestic,
residing at 255 Stevenson street, told
a story last night of being brutally
insulted . and then "thrust from a
Geary-street car by the conductor and
left lying bleeding on the street, while
the car sped on its way. The woman's
head and . face were covered with
bruises and cuts from contact with the
street.- Mrs. McHugh was arrested
while at the French Hospital, where
she had gone to have her injuries
dressed. She was charged with bat
tery, the complaint being sworn to by
the conductor, whose name Is James
McLane.
The conductor alleges that the
woman hit him on the head. with her
umbrella after she had dragged -him
to the street because he had attempted
to prevent her from alighting from the
moving vehicle.
Mrs. McHugh, who bailed herself
out immediately after her arrest, made
the following statement: ?
3Irs. Catherine McHugh. Ar
rested for Battery, Com
plains Against Accuser
SAYS CAR MAN
WAS BRUTAL
Home Parties.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Harris gave their
son, Harry, a party in honor of his
twenty-first birthday anniversary. Sat
urday, March 12. The decoratlcns were
red hearts with a touch here and there
of smilax and carnations. Supper was
served at midnight. Those present
were:
Martin Hamburger, W. Bray. Walter
Israel, Arthur Weingarten, Oscar Ja
cobs. Mel. Cohen. Harry Levy. Eman
uel Harris. Harry Kushner. Elliott Ep
stein. Dave Schneider, J. Kushner. Mel.
Joseph, Abe Myerson. Walter Myers,
Harry Joseph, Edward Genzler, R. Min
er, Sam Cohen, Edward Loebner, Char
les Danziger, Wilfred Harris, Abe
Person?!?.
Mrs. J. Gunzhurger. 1907 Futter
street, will he pleased to see her friends
on Mondays.
Miss Llbble Aronson. accompanied by
her grandmother. Mrs. R. Rosenthal.
left yesterday for a six weeks' pleasure
trip through Southern California.
Mr. and Mrs. William. R. Sprow! cele
brated the sixty-fourth birthday of Mr.
Sprowl at their residence. 930 Guerrero
street, on the evening of March 17. The
floral ¦ decorations were elaborate.
String music accompanied the dinner
and dancing. Among those present
with Mr. and Mrs. Sprowl were Thomas
V. Cator, John Lassart. Mrs. Lassart,
Miss Lassart, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Sou-
Mrs. Charles H. Mentz held her sec
ond Friday afternoon on March 18 at
her home on Washington street. She
will receive again next Friday, March
25, the affair being informal.
Weddings.
Miss Alice Bachman and Charles H,
Brown will be married to-morrow.
Home Parties. .
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Hazel B. Caro, daughter of Morris Caro
and granddaughter of Mrs. G. Rosen
berg, to Maurice Goodsteln. They will
receive Sunday, March 27, from 2 to 5
p. m., at 1306 Laguna street.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Groeschel announce
the engagement of their daughter.
Jeannette, to Albert M. Meyerf eld. At
home Thursday, March 24 and Sunday,
March 27, at 1521 Geary street.
Mrs. Regina Stern of 1105 Laguna
street announces the engagement of
her daughter, Pauline, to Lewis D.
Wallensteln of this city.
The engagement of Miss Jessie Burns
to Horatio F. S toll was announced at
a luncheon given at the California Ho
tel on Thursday afternoon. Miss Burns
ia the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Rob
ert Burns, and is well known here in
musical circles, being an accomplished
pianist and possessing a rich mezzo
soprano voice. Mr. Stoll Is the son of
John T.. Stoll, one of Sacramento's old
est and best known citizens. He has
been identified with the Argonaut for
the last ten years, and only severed his
connection with the editorial depart
ment, at the first of the year, to take
up the duties of general manager of
the company. No date has as yet been
set for the wedding. Among those who
were present at the luncheon given by
Mrs. Burns in honor of her daughter
were: Mrs. Ursula Stoll. Mrs. Ernest
Rochat, Ml^s Florence Boyd. Miss El
len Page, Miss Elizabeth Dufficy. Miss
Florence Rochat, Miss Emily Rochat,
Miss Ethel Bennett, Miss Helen Ben
nett. Miss Edith Barry, Miss Alice
Brady, Miss Pearl Ruddick. Miss Clara
Rawlins, Miss Marthe Chevret. Miss
Edith Gowan.iMlss Alice Gowan. Miss
Edith Alderson and Mfcis Ethel Lid-
Btone.
Engagements.
The convention adiourned to meet
in the same hall on Sunday next at 2
o'clock.
President Casey responded to the
tribute of the convention in eloquent
terms, pledging his gratitude for the
courtesy and esteem manifested by the
testimonial.
The thanks of the convention were
extended by a rising vote to the press
for the generous courtesies extended
toward the celebration.
A delegation of members of the In
dependent Hurling Club pledged that
society's good offices in the grand
Gaelic and athletic tournament, post
poned until April, owing. to the In
clement weather of March 17.
The convention was addressed by
several • delegates, including T. P.
O'Donald, P. J. Hagerty. J. P. Mc-
Gulre, R. J. Curtin, John Kenny, M.
McDonnell, Daniel Fitzpatrick, Thomas
F. Alford, William I, Rearden^and
Theodore Lynch.
After a vocal solo by Miss Kate
Flynn, which, was enthusiastically en
cored, the chairman of the convention,
Mr. Casey, was presented with a
handsome gold badge, inlaid with the
Irish-American colors and surmounted
with raised shamrocks, artistically en
graved. The presentation was fol
lowed by an appropriate address by
President Daniel Fitzpatrick of the
Ancient Order of Hibernians.
At a meeting of the St. Patrick's
day convention In Knights of the Red
Branch Hall Saturday afternoon great
enthusiasm was shown when the re
ports of the finance and executive
committees were read..
Richard J. Curtin, secretary of the
St. Patrick's day celebration commit
tee, read the financial returns of. the
societies enlisted In the convention,
which showed that a handsome sur
plus had been realized." The money
will be expended in aid of the erec
tion of a new hall and lodgerooms for
the United Irish Societies of this city.
When the reports had been received
and filed a unanimous vote of thanks
was tendered the various officers of
the convention on i motion of R. J.
Curtin, seconded by Theodore Lynch.
Chairman Casey of the Con
vention Presented With
a Handsome Gold Badge
FINAL EEPORTS MADE
The McKenzie Musical Society will
give its fifty-seventh concert and hop
at Native Sons' Hall. Thursday, March
24, at 8 p, m. Dancing at 10 p. m.
Lady Lovat Lodge, auxiliary to Clan
Fraser, had a '"basket party" in their
lodgerooms at their last meeting. Each
lady brought a basket with lunch for
two and placed her name in it. As the
evening wore on the baskets were
placed on a table and the auctioneer
proceeded to sell them to the highest
bidder. The baskets were made of dif
ferent colors and were very attractiv :.
After the baskets were sold -the gentle
men found the lady who packed his
basket and lunched with her. Coffee
was served. The affair proved a great
success. Those in charge were: Mrs.
W. Rea (chairman). Mrs. J. W. King.
Mrs. M. L. Crowe, Mrs. A. Brown, Miss
H. Marshall, Miss A. King and Mrs.
Macpherson.
The California Women's Whist
League .played another of the March
"Compass" whist games on Thursday,
March 17, and, although It was a very
stormy day, there was an excellent at
tendance and a spirited contest was on
for the two handsome prizes, which
were won by Mrs. F. Standlsh and Mrs.
James Gallagher. ~
Both ladles were obliged to play with
a dummy hand and made remarkably
high scores over all others playing the
same hands, proving that a dummy
hand is decidedly an advantage.
Mrs. Reddin was presented with two
handsome prizes, won . at tha games
March 7 and 14.
The "Phi Theta" Society entertained
a number of their High School friend-i
at a heart party at the home of one of
the members. >
The Hi-Hum Social Club gave a farce,
"The Infernal Machine." on March 19,
at the residence of the Misses Meinber
ger, 2159 Twenty-fourth street. The
cast was as follows: Mrs. Almlra Am
berson.MIss M. Meinberger; John Am
berson, V. Meinberger, Mrs. Jane
Jenkins, Mrs. J. T. Carren; Mrs. Maria
Jackson, Miss A- Meinberger; Mr. Jo
siah Slocum, R. Meinberger; Mr. Bob
Bunker, J. T. Cafren.
The guests were the Misses Dugan,
Piltz, Goldsworthy, Lawrence, Perry,
Dougherty, Pfleger, Elliott, Carey,
John, Meinberger, Mrs. Meinberger,
Mrs. J. T. Carren, Messrs. Meinberger,
Carren, Frahm, Regan, Richardson,
Crowhurst, Pfleger, Epsteen, Carey,
Ramsey, Goldsworthy and Hemmlnga,
and Master V. Meinberger.
Club Parties.
"Gentleness, kindness and a broad
and liberal judgment were the leading
characteristics of the dear lady, who
wore her crown of years gracefully and
cheerfully, happy In the friendship of
a long life, happy In her hospitable
home, full of the treasures of love and
time.
"Mrs. Porteous never/ dispensed a
sigh, but always a smile.
"With this brief tribute to her mem
ory, be it
"Resolved, That we, the members of
the California Club', assembled in regu
lar session, bereaved by the loss of this
loved and distinguished member, do
hereby testify to our sincere apprecia
tion and friendship, and to her friends
and relatives we extend our sympathy,
mingling our regrets and mourning our
mutual loss, rejoicing the while that
her months of suffering are now thp
dream and her present joy the great
reality."
"Mrs. Porteous was a charter mem
ber, always faithful In attendance and
loyal to our ideals. In the early years
of our club life, when the department
of social science formed a club of girls
employed during the day, Mrs. Por
teous gave this club Its first home and
her name, which It still bears.
"Mrs. Janet Stoddard Porteous, a
loved and honored member of the Cali
fornia Club has passed on to the higher
life.
"In the pause that comes at the door
of death we would lav the tribute of
our affection and appreciation upon the
bier.
The following resolutions were draft
ed by the California Club on the pass
ing of a loved member* and a capable
and lovable woman:
Here's news from Gotham— Mrs. John
Jacob Astor, Mrs. Mary Harriman and
other prominent members of the "ins"
of New York society have formed in
athletic club. No — I don't infer that
they intend to promote prizefighting, as
do the male athletic clubs— but they
have gone ahead to put up a $250,000
clubhouse, with all the paraphernalia
necessary to muscular development.
"Goodness." says a good old grand
dame, on hearing the story, "whatever
will become of the men — the poor men.
Not only are the women of this queer
age studying everything from physic?
to politics, to improve their minds, but
here they are now trying to improve
their muscles."
» * •
The Chicago clubs have an epidemic
of Ibsen. They've been having
"Ghosts" and "Hedda Gabler," and all
the other of those delicious repugnan
ces that allure us, but make us shiver.
No doubt 'twill strike us ere long — it's
heading this way now. Apropos to the
Chlcagoese clubs, a native daughter is
figuring strongly among them— such as
go in for music, and its accompanying
literature— Mrs. Saidee Knowland Co?,
daughter of the well-known Alameda
capitalist, Joseph Knowland.
Mrs. Coe holds a professorship of
music in the University at Evanston,
but finds time to deliver illustrated
lectures to the clubs. Last\week the
Ravenswood Woman's Club gave an
"American Indian Day," when Mrs.
Coe delivered her musical interpreta
tion of "Hiawatha" — of which the
critics were loud in their praises. Mrs.
Coe addressed the Pioneer Daughters
during her last visit to the coast, when
she gave "Parsifal" with oral and
piano Interpretations — which has al
ways been a pleasant memory to the
Daughters.
The address of the afternoon was by
Dr. J. D. Hodgen, professor of dentistry
in the State University, who chose for
his subject "The Chemistry of Ra
dium." His address was entertaining
and highly instructive.
At the conclusion of Dr. Hodgen's
address Mrs. Janisch of New Zealand
spoke briefly of that country and of
the lectures which she is delivering here
under the auspices of the New Zealand
Government.
The first and third Wednesdays of
each month- are known as "Current
Topic Days" at the Forum Club. Last
Wednesday the exercises were conduct
ed by Mrs. Tirey L. Ford, one of the
directors of the club.
Miss Ruth Alamede Smith, a pupil
of Miss Agnes Marie Noonan, the elo
cutionist who so charmingly enter
tained the Forum Club two weeks ago,
gave a number of clever recitations and
responded to several hearty encores.
• ¦ • •
The Russian historical section of the
Laurel Hall Club. Mme. Emilia Tojetti
leader, held a pleasant session" on
Thursday last. The programme fol
lows: Songs (a) "Ye Who Have
Yearned" (Tschaikowsky), (b) "Gold
Rolls Beneath" (Rubinstein), (c) "The
Scarlet - Sarafan," Miss Henrietta
Grothwell; accompanists Mrs. Grace
Lor in Williams; paper, "The Two CapU
tals of Russia — Moscow and St. Peters
burg," Mrs. William A. Terrill.
This interesting paper was followed
by piano solos by Miss France A. Wert
heimer (L'Alonette) (Les Ginka), after
which Madame Tojetti talked charm
ingly of "The Literature and Musio of
Russia."
so. ihey must have awfully clever hus
bands.
Irish Societies Will Use
Surplus from St. Patrick
to Help Build
Mrs. Cushing, Mrs. Thomas Morffew
and Mrs. Reamer, the presiding host
ess, acquitted themselves admirably as
raconteurs— but women there are who
say their husbands coached them. If
The Oakland Club celebrated its
monthly gathering by a Hibernian
luncheon, given Wednesday afternoon.
The clubhouse was effectively decorated
with greenery, and all the guests wore
bunches of the "chosen leaf of bard
and chief." The menus were in the
form of a shamrock, tied with light
green ribbons and embellished with
gold, while all the dishes were remi
niscent of the little green Isle. Mrs.
Reimer, who presided, had on her right
the guests of honor. Miss Agnes Mur
phy and Miss Aimee Moore. During
the early part of the luncheon many
favorite Irish melodies were sung. Mrs.
Pierce scoring equally well on her songs
and her anecdotes. v-*. .'.-¦;- ¦¦
To-day the Pioneer Daughters will
hold their monthly meeting and recep
tion at the Pioneer parlors, when Miss
Eliza D. Keith will deliver the address
of the afternoon. A high class musical
programme, under the direction of
lime. Ellen Coursen-Roeckel, will fol
low. What a charming presiding offi
cer Miss Lucy Adams has made! But
many things are expected, too. from
the incoming president. Mrs. Sidney S.
Palmer, who is an acknowledged parlia
mentarian.
On Tuesday, the 29th, the club will
hold a red-letter day. The programme
will be under the direction of Mrs. John
D. SIbley, and will include: Scene from
the "School for Scandal." with Mrs.
James Monroe Gamble as "Lady Tea
zle," and a song cycle, "In a Persian
Garden" (words from the Rubaiyat of
Omar Khayyam), rendered by Mrs.
John D. Sibley, soprano; Mrs. Grace
Carroll Elliott, alto; Edw. Xavier Rol
ker, tenor; Homer Henley, . barytone;
Miss Mollie Pratt at the piano.
On Tuesday last the California Club
heard a charming dissertation upon a
subject dear to all womankind — laces:
somehow, laces are so intricately inter
woven with loves that apart from their
infinite beauty they appeal to all
women. Mr. J. P. Weil gave to the club
of his generous store of knowledge,
illustrating his explanations with sam
ples of the laces under discussion. Fol
lowing the talk — which ranked among
the happiest of the season — came the
following reports from sections: Lit
erature. Mrs. A. W. Truesdall; travel
ing libraries. Miss Abbie Edwards:
whist. Mrs. E. P. Schell; art. Mrs. H.
H. Fassett. The reports showed
health, growth and interest — the latter
Imparting the vitality, of course. Mrs.
Schell's whist section is thriving vig
orously—as women of to-day are card
enthusiasts. And besides the passing:
pleasure derived from the pursuit,
whist, or bridge, or any of the "intel
ligent" games, afford good mental
growth — provided, of course — that you
"let not your angry temper rise." Be
sides, a good card game compels silence
and concentration— the two mental ele
ments that — now. ladies, don't get
cross — that we women mostly lack.
Now, frankly, isn't it true?
• • •
The Alden Club of the International
Sunshine Society gave a card party on
Monday, March 14. to raise funds with
which to purchase a limb for a patient
In the Home for Incurables. Thirty-six
tables were occupied and all played
progressive euchre. In the absence of
Miss Jean Pedlar, the president, Miss
Jennie McFarlane presided. Miss Ma
bel Freeman dispensed the refresh
ments, assisted by Mrs. J. A. Davis,
president of the Golden Gate Club. The
California Whist Club generously do
nated its rooms for the affair. The first
prize was a handsome oak pedestal, the
second a cut glass dish, the third a
handsome cushion, the fourth a rare
vase, .the fifth a hand-painted creamer
and sugar and the sixth a silver can
delabrum. The scorers were Mrs. W. H.
Jardine, Miss Sadie Frltch. Miss Gene
vieve Peel, Miss Elsie Young, Miss
Virginia Dare, Miss Meta Stofen, Miss
Cecile Rogers, Miss Margaret Rogers,
Miss Elizabeth Edwards and Miss
Marie Denervand. Miss Mabel Free
man was responsible for some very ar
tistic tally cards.
It la a pleasant bit of news that Mrs.
Ella Sexton, the versatile clubwoman
and writer, has won the signal honor of
having her Juvenile book on California
placed upon the "State list" of supple
mentary readers.
The Papyrus Club promises a de
lightful day to Its friends and mem
bers on Thursday, when Miss Cara
ROma will sing and other musical peo
ple will contribute to the programme.
The club doesn't seem to have suffered
very seriously from its recent upheaval
and is going merrily on its way build
ing jokes and laughing at them In a
way that betokens much good fellow
ship remaining still.
that the numbers will be clever: Music,
selection, by Schuman Club; a bur
lesque on parliamentary usage, entitled
"A Model Session." Mrs. E. J. Foster;
music, Schuman Club; recitation, Miss
Hoagr; vocal solo, Hirschel-Steln; tea.
To-night there will be a clever enter
tainment at * Lyric Hall for the main
tenance fund of the Press Fraternity
building at St Louis under the direc
tion of the Pacific Coast Women's Press
Association. The following programme
will be rendered, and It Is dependable
It is quite probable that many club
women from here will accept the gen
erous hospitality of the St. Claire club
house—Mrs. TV. C. Kennedy tendering
th<» charming courtess*.
At the park a tourney will hold the
boards, when the tribunes will inaugur
ate a rhower of blossoms — whereat con
fetti is tame, terribly tame. The mount
ed knights will flank the tribunes in
bombarding the populace with the prod
igal blossoms of the fields and orchards
— which, though robbed ruthlessly, will
rot bear the slightest scar of the des
poliation.
The following Is Just a few— a very
few — of the alluring attractions set for
th<? day of the "blossom tournament":
Procession led by 100 Knights of the
Orchard. In which fifty ladies will ride
In blossom-bedecked carriages, besides
fifty more in garlanded autos, followed
by a battalion of artillerymen with
puncarrlagf's laden with blooms, and
30^0 bicycles with posies dressed.
Then will come the children's classics,
floats and carriaires containing the em
inently respectable "leading citizens"
and leaders of organizations.
Speakir.gr of the ?an Jose Woman's
Club reminds me of the spontaneous
invitation it has issued to all of its
club Bisters to visit the Garden City
on its "Blossom Day," as guests at the
St. Claire clubhouse.
The date of the affair has not been
definitely set. but presumably will oc
cur during' the first week In April — the
matter being entirely In the hands of
the sweet blorsoms themselves.
"On with the clubhouse!" is the slo- !
pan cT the California Club, and behold
the splendid unanimity in the launching
of the big project— for who is there in
the club that doesn't gaze upon that
yawning Sacramento-street lot with
irr.apTir.ativo longings for a fireside
thereon? And now at last the initia
tory step has been taken— the die is
crust. For on Monday last the build
ing committee and board of directors
unanimously decided that the time was
r.ow rips for building, and enthusiastic
discussions of plans, architects, costs,
ways axd mean and other vital Ques
tions ensued. Mr. Pissis came recom
mended to the board as an architect
with ideas — and unlimited 'patience — so
be was accordingly chosen to draw the
plans. What's that? "He'll have a
merry time?" Well, I doubt If hell find
It bo shockingly difficult, as there are
many level-headed ¦women on that
building committee (Mrs. Hovey, chair
man) end also on the board— end they
all know a thing or two about business
methods.
The decision cf the board w«ls sub
mitted on Tuesday to the club at large
ar.d the matter went through with a
whoop — the clubhouse became a thing
cf reality In the short 6pace of a half
hour. And Mr. Pissis, the patient archi
tect, is now busy upon the plans. And
may success attend him! The money
to be raised is $35,000, which sum is sup
posed to cover the cost of the new
home.
With matters progressing: satisfactor
ily — end the trades unions staying good
—the club ought to be ready to open
its fall term in its own new home — the
first club in San Francisco to own its
own clubhouse. And here's to the club
house, to the architect and to the
women that are engineering the project
— may success be theirs.
• It has come to be ancient history —
that bis 55000 (and a little more) that
the club raised through Its Journalistic
venture, thanks to the business acumen
cf Mrs. Arthur Cornwall, and her co
horts—and It will come In mighty
handy now. Bo, too, will the $2000
v.-orth of furniture donated for the new
home.
Apropos to clubhouses, all the leading
clubs in the country are agitating the
pubject cf owning their own homes.
The- Century Club is entertaining prop
ositions along these lines, while the
Ebell Club of Los Angeles has pro
gressed to the extent of creating a
buildinp association, with Mrs. Achsa
J. Stimson, Mrs. Clara B. Burdette,
Mrs. Rose L. Burcham, Mrs. 'Jeanne
W. Flint and Mrs. Mary L. Hunt as
directors. It is expected that the build
ing will be done within a year and that
it v. ill cost between $20,000 and $25,000.
The first stock issue of $20,000 has been
taken by 1*5 Ebell members. The sec
ond is?ue for an equal amount will find
a ready sale among the remaining
members. There are now 450 names on
th» rc-stcr.
H^re rs activity — the kind that has
made the Southland the paradise that
it is.
And aJorff ccmes San Jose, with its
Women's Club doing: various stunts for
ih» foregathering of funds for their
< lubhouse. That Indian congress they
held last summer netted them some
thing like S5000.
And thus are women progressing —
not alone along cultural and philan
thropic lines, but in business matters
cs we!L
What a week! It would seem that
the. world was taking the German rest
cure. Nobody nowhere — one is tempted
to say— save at a card party now and
then, a luncheon, or a periodical din
ner. "• \
But referring to rest cures it Is no
figure of speech to say that society is,
or has been, taking the treatment for
rebuilding flesh, limbering muscles and
rejuvenating skin— for the sanitariums
contain many tired women who have
paid for their social supremacy by
burning up their vitality.
But Easter Is nigh, and the bonny
chapeau | will set jauntily over mad
ame's restful face, rosy and round for
the weeks of vigilant care.
Her, George C. Turner. Mr. M. E. Wells,
Mr. and Mrs. Lake, Mr. and Mrs. Um
bach. Miss Lillian Umbach, Miss Ada
Umbach, Gus Umbach, Miss Kirk, Mrs.
Johnson and Miss Payne.
Mr. and Mrs. C L. Nonnenman Jr.
celebrated their twentieth Weddta'B an
niversary on Wednesday evening.
March 9. at their residence on Fifth
avenue, South San Francisco. At mid
night a sumptuous supper was served,
Mr. and Mrs. Nor.nenman were the re
cipients of many beautiful and costly
presents.
A very enjoyable christening party
was given March 6 at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. A. Gauch, 39 Hermann
street, it being the christening of tly;:r
youngest daughter, Theresa Hermiua
Gauch.
Pastor F. W. Fischer officiated ami
Mr. and Mrs. H. Lilenthal of L0o Con
necticut street were th? godparents
for the baby. Among those present
were Pastor and Mrs. F. W. Fischer.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Gauch. Mr. and Mrs.
H. Lilenthal. Mr. and Mrs. J. Hoehrs.
Mrs. and Miss J. Pachner. Mr. arid
Mrs. P. Otto, Mr. and Mrs. II. J. Sifjuis.
Mr. and Mrs. P. Melnhardt. Mrs. J.
Isaacs, Mrs. J. KnlHstpr. Mrs, A. vnn
HUsen, Miss S. H. Wilson. Miss . II.
Isaacs. Miss T. Si^fert. Miss P. Pace.
Miss C. Gauch. Mi?s G. Isaacs, .T.
Carleln, G. Dernhach. H. Wilbert. W.
Gauch. L. Isaacs. Masters Harry Pach
ner, Alfred Otto and Elsie and Doria
Gauch.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Flack. Miss S. Thom
as, T. Douglas. Miss C. MeCauley, Les
lie Alt, Miss L. Gade, George Taylor.
Walter Huber. Miss L. Sharp, Miss L.
Spora, Miss E. Atkinson. Cecil Wil
liams. Misses B. and J. McGulre and
W. Walters.
Miss Mabel Burchell entertained a
few friends at her home, 2053 Fifteenth
street, Wednesday evening. March 9.
The evening was very pleasantly spent
In singing and dancing, after which
supper was served. Those present
were:
Harry C. Welnpahl celebrated his
birthday by giving a theater and din
ner party Saturday evening. March 19.
The favors were very unique — tooth
picks made to represent Japanese la
dies, for the gentlemen, and fans for
the ladles. Among those present were:
O. Haustedt, Vera Zech. Dr. A. Solly.
Juannetta Zech. Paul Westerfeld, Edna
Mohr, George Dannenberg. Freda Mal
fonte. Edward Goldman, Carrie Mal
fonte. H. Haustedt, Clara Klaum. H.
C. Welnpahl. Ada Zech, Fred Blalch.
Flore Hammersmith, H. Wertch, Walla
Westerfeld, Dr. F. S^apff and Freda
Stapff.
. The Misses Jessie Parlln, Lizzie Skin
ner, Frances Kelleher. Annie Gillam,
Mae Ryan, Emma George. May Mc-
Murray, Gertie Corcoran and Eva John
son; Messrs. Macauley. Bob Murray.
Val. Beady. H. de Cosi. Dennis Wer
rey. Pete Fodrini and Tim Kelleher.
Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Gilson entertained
a few friends at their home, 2150 Mis
sion street, Thursday evening. March
17. A most enjoyable evening was
spent by all. Supper was served about
11:30. Those present werl:
Baum, D. Kosnimsky, Everett Brown,
Frederick Lamping. N. Olinsky. Mr.
and Mrs. Sam Harris and Harry H.
Harris.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
MORE MONEY
FOR NEW HALL
Week Just Past Seems, in Its Quietness, but' Luii Before
Mirth's Reign Begins Again.
Problem of Providing Funds to Erect New Home Calls
for Serious Thought of Members.
CALIFORNIA CLUB MAKES PLANS TO FURTHER GREATNESS.
REST CURE PREPARING SOCIETY FOR ADVENT OF GAYETY
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALU; ' MONDAY; MARCH v 21; 1904:
An authority puts the total annual
expense of printed forms of adver
tising at $600,000,000.
"In -the production of lumber'Cali
fornia now "holds second place among
the States. '¦''; "•¦;
WASHINGTON. March CO.— The condition of
Postmaster- General; Payne, who has been con
fined to the house for several days, continues
faVorable.: Last night he slept ten hours. and
awoke 1 i feeling, refreshed.. He Is gaining in
strength.' and • there Is less extreme nervous
ness.-.,.:.
Increases Rubber Footwear Price*.
NEW YORK. March 20.— A cireuka
has been sent out to the trades by th»
United States Rubber Company an
nouncing an advance of seven per cen.
on all classes of rubber footwmr. V
take effect Immediately.
Four boys left two pairs of patent
leather shots at a hat store at 1S6
Third street on Saturday night and
said th?y would call for them later.
Policeman J. J. Cameron w;is notified.
as it "U'as thought the boy.-? had stolen
theshoes. but th<?y did not return and
the shoes were tent to the Properly
Clerk's office.
Shoos May Have Been Stolen.
LONDON, March 20. — Lady Curzon,
wife of Lord Curzon of Kedleston.
Viceroy and Governor. General" of In
dia, gave birth to a daughter In Lon
don to-day. Mother and child are do
ing well. -
5THE irrigation experts of the Department of Agri
culture at Washington and the agricultural college
at the University of California have reported that
their work of surveying the Fresno alkali lands, which
has been carried on since the "summer, of 1002, has now
approached so near completion that actual work upon
the construction of drainage canals may be inaugurated
at any time. Their estimates place the cost to the State
of these necessary drains ' at $260,000, and their report
assures the ranch-owners about the southern city that
with, this expenditure there will be reclaimed from
aridity several thousand acres of valuable orchard and
grain lands. ,
' The work these experts have been doing in the Fresno
district has called to the notice of agriculturists one of
ALKALI LANDS.
"My egg?" he said, inquiringly.
"Why— I— I'll -have it. repeated, I
guess." . "
A Japanese woman, when abandoned
by her lover takes a peculiar and pic
turesque revenge. When she no longer
has any doubt as to his faithlessness
she gets up in the middle of the night
and puts on a pleasing dress and
wooden sandals. Attached to her head
dress, she carries three lighted candles
and suspended to her neck hangs a
small mirror. She takes in her left
hand a small straw effigy of the faith
less one, and in her right a hammer
and nails. Walking gravely to the
sanctuary she selects one of the sacred
trees and nails the effigy securely to
the trunk. She then prays* for the
death of the traitor, vowing that if her
wish is granted she will take out the
nails which trouble her god, since they
are fastened to' a sacred tree. Night
after night she comes to the tree, add
ing one or two nails, and repeating her
prayers, persuaded that the .god will
not hesitate to sacrifice the man to
save the tree.— London Mail.
"How will you have ; your egg?" said
Miss Pinchem to her new- boarder.
Her Revenge;
MUSICAL COMPOSITIONS— From
the standpoint of music there is a
great diversity of opinion as to which
are the best musical compositions of
Wagner, Rossini, Verdi, Schubert and
Mendelssohn.
LAND OFFICES— J. S.. Subscriber,
City. The United States Land Offices
in the southern part of California arc
located in Visalia and Los Angeles.
Either of these offices will furnish a
plat of lands open for settlement and
will also give a description of the land.
LIFTING— The limit in lifting tilth
the hands alone was reached by H.
Leus3ing at Cincinnati. Ohio, March 31,
1SS0, when he lifted 13S4 pounds weight.
The limit in lifting in harness was
reached byjw. B. Curtis in New York
City, December 20, 1S68, and the limit
was '3239 pounds.
SOCIALISTIC VOTE— A. C. R-, City.
At the Presidential election in 1900 the
State casting; " the largest Socialistic
vote was New York, which was 39.2SU.
or 2.8 per cent of the total vote, while
the next highest was Massachusetts,
which cast 39,065, or 9.9 per cent of the
entire vote.
Far His Mother-in-Law.
Hs stepped on his tiptoes as he en
tered the Emergency Hospital and
whispered into the ear of the matron
on duty that he wanted to see Chief
Surgeon Brackett on very important
businessv The affable chief surgeon
bowed gracefully before him and in
quired what he could do for him.
"You see," said he, "I am In danger
of my life. My mother-in-law has de
cided to kill me and I want to protect
my life. The truth of the matter is that
she is hopelessly insane, and to bring
her In here to be examined by the In
sanity Commissioners would make a
scene about my home that I do not
want. Now, I want you to give me
some chloroform In this bottle," draw
ing a small phial from his inside vest
pocket, "and when she goes to sleep
to-night I will place a quantity of it
on a handkerchief over her face. This
will make her quiet until we can re
move her in a carriage."
"Oh, I understand," said Dr. Brack
ett. "Just come this way," leading the
way back into the detention ward for
the insanity suspects. Two days later
poor Kemff, for this is his name, was
on his way to the Hospital for the In
sane at Napa, bound tight in a strait
jacket.
THE Agricultural Department desires to locate an
extensive tree and plant experiment station near
Chico. This is for the purpose of serving the in
terests of the fruit planters and ranchers of Northern
California. The department is continually searching the
world for trees, vines and plants that will add to the
varieties now in cultivation and use. It also uses such
experiment stations as schools of instruction in the best
and most improved methods in horticulture and agri
culture. The experts of the department desire to aid
the people of California in making the best and most
profitable use of the natural resources and climate of
the State.
In many vays such a station is useful. It will dis
tribute the fig wasp, the blastophaga, to the end that
the Capri fig, which preserves the wasp for its work in
fertilizing the Smyrna fig, may be available in the Sac
ramento Valley and in the, foothills, to which niany
believe we must look for 'the best dried fig supply. It
is known that the variety of our nut crops may be
greatly extended. The true filbert will flourish here if
properly planted and cared for. Its crop is important.
We now import great quantities of this nut, which
comes into favor as the wild hazel nut disappears from
the East. The Irish filbert is but little known here and
is not often seen in the market. But it is a large nut
of excellent quality, and if its planting be promoted by
such an experiment station it may be made to occupy
land that is not in action for any other profitable pur
pose.
The best variety of the pistache nut can also be do
mesticated here, and it is the purpose of Mr. Swingle
of the Agricultural Department to introduce it as soon
as this station furnishes proper facilities. The large
pistache is 'used as we use the almond. The tree has
the advantage over the almond of being a late bloomer,
when the rains cannot interfere with it. The nut is now
imported for use in confectionery and also as -a table
nut at a high price. California can produce it in quan
tities to supply the American market. Our great suc
cess with almonds and English walnuts should induce
our planters to encourage everything that will add to our
variety of nuts. The proposed station will be used also
to enlarge our varieties of deciduous fruits. Having
the best fruit climate in the world, we should never abate
the effort to use it up to its full capacity in the kinds of
fruit that we may. raise.
It is to be hoped that the people of Chico will see the
importance of this opportunity and enable the depart
ment to secure the desired location. . They were liberal
to the State in the location of the Normal School, and
we venture to assure them that this experiment station
is not second to that school in its importance to them
and to all Northern California. They can afford to.be
liberal. Their locality has recently felt the impulse of
progress and has received large numbers of well satis
fied settlers from the East. The advertisement it will
get from this proposed station will warrant them in
donating to it the land it requires. /
I China has created marked concern in the capitals
of the world by seizing the first opportunity for freedom
from international treaty restrictions to order enormous
quantities of modern arms from the most famous of
German gun-makers. It is. very evident that it will re
quire something more than Secretary Hay's note to
preserve the "administrative integrity" of the Celestial
Empire. The Empress Dowager should -advertise for
a fool killer. .
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS— Y. C.
R., City. If a court grants a woman a
divorce from her husband, for good and
sufficient ground, and assesses costs
against the defendant, the court will
enforce its order at any time that it
appears that the defendant Is in a po
sition to meet the provisions of the
order. The fact that he has no money
at the time of the decree does not pre
vent the court from citing him to ap
pear and show cause why he has not
complied with the order of the court.
If at any time after the order of the
court he had It within his power to
obey the order, but failed to do so, the
court will take the necessary step3 to
punish the individual for his neglect.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen"aK 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1042. *
Townsend's California Glace fruits an-1
choice candies, in artistic fire-etche.J
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. •
i Reports of barbarous reprisals upon the Germans by
the' savage : blacks in South Africa have sickened the
world with horror, meager as are the details of the ter
rible warfare. Yet is not retaliation one of the inviolable
laws of nature? We know enough of the regrettable sit
uation to .understand that there are two sides to it
There is not a creature alive that will not fight -when
hurt-; . :-. ¦ ¦-.¦'•'¦ : -fv'>
Lumber in .Siberia.
Many lumbering enterprises are be
ing established in Manchuria, Siberia
and Sakhalin, with the idea of com
peting with American Pacific Coast
lumber.
The most important Is the Russian
Timber and Mining .Company >of .the
Far East, with headquarters at Port
Arthur. This company is organized
by some of the most prominent men
connected with the Russian Govern
ment and is reputed to have a captital
of 20.000,000 rubles ($10,300,000).
Its principal operatiions will be on the
Yalu River, where It runs down tim
ber from the forests of Korea, as well
as! the large ' forests of Manchuria.
These forests are said to be very ex
tensive and contain immense quanti-
MOVING PICTURES — 94, Stock
ton. Cal. Many of the living or mov
ing pictures are taken "from life" by
means of a photographic instrument
made specially for that purpose. "
EUROPE AND OCEANICA — F. P..
Tomales, Cal. The area In square
miles of Europe is 3,822,320; that of
Oceanica ia 4,200,000.
Anrd'ers to Queries.
George Dalton Morgan, who has
brought from the Orient a Japanese
bride, told the other day a story about
the Japanese seafighter, Admiral Uriu.
"In Tokio," he said, "Admiral Uriu
Ik regarded as a • kind of Haroun al
Raschid. . They declare there that he
investigates personally — sometimes
even . in disguise— every . detail of the
workings of the Japanese navy. Hence
many odd adventures befall him. •
"Once Admiral Uriu got wind of cer
tain complaints that had been made
against the soup served on a torpedo
boat in his squadron. He shot from
his flagship in a launch one day at
meal time and boarded this torpedo
boat just as two sailors came from the
kitchen carrying a huge and steaming
caldron.
" 'Halt!' the admiral shouted. 'Set
that caldron down.'
"The sailors, with wondering looks,
obeyed.
"'Now,' he said, "bring me a spoon.'
"Ati officer hurried forward.- •
" 'But, admiral—' he began.
" 'Never mind, sir. There's a com
plaint from this boat, and I'm going to
settle it now,' said Admiral Uriu.
"He lifted the lid from the caldron,
ladled up a spoonful of its contents,
and. after blowing on the liquid, he
swallowed it. Then he made a wry
face.
" 'You call this soup?' he exclaimed.
'Why, it is nothing but dirty water.'
" 'Yes, sir,' said one of the sailors;
'we have just been scrubbing the galley
floors.' " — Buffalo Enquirer.
A True Criticism.
AN EXPERIMENT STATION.
The Japanese-Russian war has come, as a boon to
those, of our fellow citizens that love to spread their
learning in . glittering generalities before a wondering
public! The conflict to them is bristling with potenti
alities of world disaster, but after we reduce the clash
to its lowest terms and to its most sensible expression
it is nothing more or less than a case of grab and greedi
ness on the part of two nations.
"This world Is a mighty queer place."
said a prominent merchant the other
day, as he sat at lunch with a number
of his business associates. "A little
thing happened to me this morning that
makes me think that if a few of us
would do a little more thinking and act
less hastily the inhabitants of the world
would be better off.
"Almost twenty years ago, when I
first started in business here and had
but a small store on Battery street, a
young man, or rather boy, came into
the place and asked me if I could give
him something to do. As I was only
doing business enough to support my
self and one clerk I felt compelled to re
fuse him work, and told him so. He
was insistent, however, telling me
that he only wanted pay enough to buy
food and clothing. He said he had been
all over town looking for work without
success, was without funds and needed
a place badly. 'I have recommenda
tiones,' he finally said, offering for my
perusal a bunch of letters. I did not
look at them, and finally had to tell him
that I was too busy to listen to him
and walk away from him. He stood for
a few minutes, and then with his head
hanging walked out of the store.
"This morning that young man, now
in his prime, walked into my store as
the representative of one of the largest
ctothing houses in the world. As one of
the -firm, he came to see me about a
businss deal that meant much to me —
in fact, meant the life or death of my
business. I sought for concessions, but
he was like adamant, and finally after
a business talk that lasted for several
hours he left the store, saying as he did
so, 'I will give you until noon to de
cide."
"When he came for his answer I gave
it to him, consenting, of course, to the
terms he dictated. It was when the
cantract had been signed that I learned
who my sharp opponent was. He told
me of the little incident that happened
in my office twenty years ago, and said
that after leaving my place he had
gone to the water front, shipped for a
voyage around the Horn, landed in New
York and secured employment with the
firm which he now represented and in
which he was one of the junior part
ners."
A Lost Opportunity.
He is known to the "trust" as a man
who can claim
A trust universal for spirit and aim;
The "union" he joined in his earliest
youth —
The union of rectitude, conscience and
truth.
He goes on a "strike," and he goes there
to stay.
When the tempter from justice would
lure him away.
He has wealth in the dearth of material
gains
Since Virtue and Honor are holding the
rein3. — Boston Transcript.
For this quaint little man. as is very
well known.
Has some old-fashioned doctrines and
creeds all his own. ,
His wealth is not measured by vessels
and docks.
His shares are not many In bonds or in
stocks;
But a notion is his that a conscience at
rest .
Is the bargain of bargains ia which to
invest.
So his dealings and records all witness
his pains
To justify Honor in holding: the reins.
He sells a full gallon of genuine milk.
A full yard of cotton, a full skein of
silk;
His pepper and spices, his butter and
ham.
His coffee and lard are all strangers to
sham.
The sands of his life never flow to the
ends
Of weighting his sugar or "doing his
friend?."
The "gold bricks" of fraud never dazzle
the brains
Of the man for whom Honor is holding
the reins.
town
Stands the quaint little store of the
quaint Mr. Brown —
A man whose integrity, purpose and
worth
Portray him aa one of the salt of the
earth:
"Whose -word is coin current wherever it
g-oes.
"Who mortgages effort to pay what he
owes;
Whose hand in the highway of bargains
disdains
A drive save where Honor is holding the
reins.
On a quaint little street in a quaint little
Honor Holds the Reins.
War correspondents are book writers
in reserve; and this is their chief
function in modern campaigns. In
South Africa the censorship was so
rigorously employed that the English
press did not receive any adequate re
turn for its enterprise and the enor
mous expense of the service. The spe
cial dispatches were mutilated at head
quarters and held back by the block
ing of the cable lines; and the public
was dependent upon the offi
cial dispatches for information, and
these were condensed and often ren
dered unintelligible by inscrutable pro
cesses of revision at the War Office. At
critical times, when there were British
reverses of when important movements
like Lord Roberts' march to Kimberley
and Bloemfontein were impending,
London was the best center of news,
because there was more or less leakage
from official sources. There was a
legitimate cause for complaint on the
part of the English people, who were
paying heavily for the war in blood
and treasure. They were intensely in
terested in the campaign, yet were not
allowed to have an intelligible account
of it from day to day; and this was
not in consequence of any lack of en
terprise on the part of the London and
provincial journals. The press was
well represented by a competent staff
of correspondents; but the military
censors were most arbitrary in their
methods, and the dispatches were held
back and clumsily edited and condensed
by officers who were without the train
ing and judgment requisite for an in
telligent discharge of their functions.
Good descriptions of battles were re
served for the mails, and were not
printed until a month or five weeks
after the fighting was over. — New York
Tribune.
The Censors.
Prospecting and locating of mining
claims are in no way interfered f* with
by reserve regulations, for the mining
laws apply exactly as on the public do
main. Settlers and others are allowed
free all the timber they use. Reser
voirs, roads, stores, and similar enter
prises are permitted 'upon application.
Grazing by sheep and cattle is permit
ted with only such restrictions as prove
recessary to preserve the range and
protect settlers, or others having rights
4 — Regulation, as far as practicable,
cf grazing and timber cutting so as to
prevent waste and utilize the full pro
duction of forest and range.
o — Protection of young growth so as
to Insure a future supply.
If sufficiently large and tveil dis
tributed areas can be held as re
serves, only the mature Umber cut,
and the young growth protected from
fires, there is no reason why lumber
ing should not be a permanent and
profitable industry. Small mills scat
tered over the timber districts will
perpetuate local prosperity, and' the
price of lumber to the resident will
be low. Without reserves the pres
ent tendency toward syndicate own
ership of all commercial timber is
apt to result not only in wasteful use,
but in the disappearance of the small
mill and in high prices for lumber.
Almost if not quite as important
is the relation of forest reserves to
mining, ". -ilch absolutely requires an
immense amount of timber and a sus
tained supply of water. In all cases
its profits depend directly upon the
cheapness of these commodities. With
out protection from fire, and from en
terprising lumbermen who may ac
quire all the timber around them and
ship it out of the States, many im
portant mining camps are certain to
be in serious straits in a few years.
One of the objects of forest reserves
is to preserve the timber for its logical
users. Resex~ves do not make it more
difficult for miners to secure timber, for
prospectors are allowed free use of all
they need ard large concerns can pur
chase as cheap or cheaper than from
private speculators. There is no inten
tion of working hardship on legitimate
Industries, for the desire is simply to
secure the following objects:
1— Maintenance of the area Intact
under one management.
•3— Establishment of fire protection.*
3 — Preservation of resources for local
use.
A trip through the white pine
States of the Great Lakes region, or
through a hundred other once forested
districts of the world, will convince
any man of the short sighted abuse of
timber resources, and of the effect of
attendant forest fires on permanent
prosperity. For a while times are
good: towns and railroads are built;
farms are cleared and prosperity is
evident everywhere, but it does not
last. Only the best timber is cut,
while millions of dollars' worth of
poorer material, which in time would
be worth quite as much, is destroyed
by fires. These fires also kill all young
growth and seed trees and eventually
turn the land into a desert, which is
abandoned by its owners and does not
even pay taxes. The mills are moved
away, the towns abandoned, the far
mers find themselves without a mar
ket, and the enterprises, and some
times even the counties, which were
built upon such unstable foundations,
become bankrupt. This is not theory;
it is history written in lumber district
after lumber district, not only'all over
the United States, but throughout the
world.
The lumbermen were not to blame;
it was only the natural outcome of
conditions which obliged them to con
duct their business in this way or lose
money. The private owner of tim
ber often cannot afford to do" other
wise. But the Government can, and
this Is the reason why every civil
ized country in the world, including
our own, has adopted the forest re
serve system.
The possible uses of most forest
r.reas are manifold. They may in
clude the production of lumber, or of
mineral, or of pasture, or the conser
vation of water. One of these func
tions may be the most Important or
all may be fairly well balanced, but
in any case the industries and Te
f ources of a region, or a State, should
be considered as parts of a whole,
each contributing to and sharing the
general good. Practically every Im
portant industry in the intermountain
States, whether mining, agriculture,
grazing or lumbering, depends for its
existence upon the forests of these
States, and the forests can serve all
these interests bes=t only if placed un
der a management which will prevent
u"due promotion of one at the ex
pense of the aggregate good of all.
• By GifTcrd Plr.choi. Hes.3 cf the CnitsJ
States Bureau of Forestry.)
Before any discussion of the forest
reserve question in the West there
should be a clear understanding of the
Government's policy in creating and
managing these, reserves.
Through ignorance of this policy,
possibly justified in some measure by
occasional mistaken interpretation of
it by overzealous or incompetent of
ficials, many citizens have objections
to reserves which thev would be the
first to drop if they understood the
true situation. The Government has
but one aim in creating forest re
serves — the best permanent use of the
land by the people and the prevention
of waste of any of its resources.
Saz-ing Our Forests.
ties of exceedingly fine timber. Thera
is much of the like in this market
from that locality, and it has been the
source of supply for both this and the
Tientsin market for ages.
At the mouth of the Yalu Russia
ia to build the third largest sawmill
in the world. "Whether or not the
mill is to come from the United States
is not known, but a great mill enter
prise is already in process of construc
tion, located exactly on one of the
points now in controversy. In addi
tion to this competition, which Is al
ready supplying: large quantities of
timber and lumber to Port Arthur,
Dalny, Newchwang and to the Chi
nese Eastern Railway, the Russians
are shipping quantities of lumber to
all of these places by steamer from
Vladivostok and vicinity and from the
island of Sakhalin. — National Geo
graphical Magazine.
Away sailed the navy to the south
ward, bent on an errand that should
sustain the honor - of the Hawaiian
flag and the prowess of the Hawaiian
bluejacket— if he wore a jacket.
A month passed and the month wore
into two months, with not a word from
the seat .of war. An anxious monarch
scanned the blue horizon with weary
eyes for a sign of the fleet. Not a
sign, until along about the eleventh
week came a message that the navy
was In distress off Hilo. Explanations
followed soon afterward. Everything
had gone well for a few days until the
crew had consumed all of the square
bottle gin it had taken aboard, when
the cruise began. They could not fight
without gin and to get it the brave
tars were ready for any sacrifice. Su
they put into Hllo. They traded the
brass cannons for more gin and for
eleven weeks held out against no worse
a foe than the seductive distilled strong
waters from Holland. The navy re
turned In disgrace. The admiralty
went out of business and the flag was
lowered on the only ship in the navy.
For many years thp Kaimialoha was a
hulk in the Honolulu harbor, the last
and the only man-o-war the royal
family ever owned.
This is the true 3tory of the Royal
Hawaiian Navy. It was in the days
of the kingdom. Some one at the court
of the dusky islanders conceived the
idea that Hawaii Bhould be graced by
a navy. This was particularly desired
because King Kalakaua had a row on
hand with his brother monarch at
Samoa. So a navy was acquired.
The navy consisted of a converted
teak wood trading; schooner fitted with
a third mast and full rigged. The
Hawaiian admiralty provided the naVy
with a lot of old brass cannons, en
listed a crew of natives and forthwith
sent them out to battle with the ob
streperous Samoans.
The Fall of the Navy.
Other features worthy of mention were continued
liquidation in provisions at Chicago, where the outsid
ers, realizing that they have been quietly loaded up by
the great packers, have begun to sell, the liquidation re
sulting in a weaker market for all lines of cured meats.
Hides are reported firmer and more active, but the de
mand for woolen goods from manufacturers is disappoint
ing, though wool is selling more freely. The Eastern
lumber trade is reported quieter owing to unfavorable
building weather, but the different markets • are gen
erally firm.
The tendency in wheat and cor- has been toward
lower prices, and wheat has been singularly apathetic
and featureless all over the world except ' at Chicago,
where the market has been lively with sharp speculative
fluctuations for some little time. This activity seems to
have been almost wholly due to the Armour deal, owing
to its purely local character, but Armour is now said to
be out of it and preparing to take a of rest and
recreation in Europe. The fact is the world is abund
antly supplied with wheat and the markets in all coun
tries are tame and featureless in consequence.
The usual weekly statistics exhibit nothing particularly
different from the conditions which have prevailed for
several months. The bank clearings last week showed
a loss from the corresponding week in 1903 of 14.8 per
cent, with the largest cities about evenly balanced in the
gain and loss column. New York fell off 22.9 per cent
and Pittsburg 30.1 per cent, while St. Louis gained 26.3
per cent, Minneapolis, the seat of the flour industry, 20.3
per cent and New Orleans, the great cotton mart, 55.6
per cent. The large increase at New Orleans is not sur
prising, as the current wild activity in cotton there would
naturally run up the volume of clearings; but a gain of
20 per cent at Minneapolis, which has been sending in
complaints of a stagnant market for flour, with the mills
preparing to close down if the inquiry does not improve,
is rather paradoxical. The failures for the week were
229, against 220 last year, but with the single exception
of the Sully collapse, were not of serious importance.
Apathy still prevails in Wall street. Speculation is
at a low ebb and the break in cotton, with the failure of
its bull leader, is regretted by the banking and other
financial interests, who fear that it will give the public
another fright and effectually check any further aggres
sive bull movement in stocks for the present. Consid r
erable disappointment is express :d, for the stock market
was showing signs of awakening activity, and within the
past few days there has been a "welcome drift in quota
tions toward a higher range of values.
All this recovery and buoyancy seemed swept away
On Friday, however, and the general stock market sym
pathized with cotton by going off a point or so, with a
disposition to realize all along the line. The depression
may prove merely temporary, however. At any rate,
two or three days will probably tell the story. Condi
tions are certainly, in favor of a better feeling in bonds
and stocks, as the great financial interests publicly an
nounce that they have released all checks upon an up
ward movement in prices and, indeed, are quietly advis
ing their customers to invest in good dividend-paying
securities. Money continues abundant at reasonable
rates and readily accessible to solvent borrowers, and
the financiers say that the chances for profit at the pres
ent plane of values are larger .than those for losses.
Hence the panic in cotton came as a wet blanket to
Wall street.
The above conditions show a satisfactory state of
trade throughout the country, taking the situation as. a
whole. California continues to make a bright showing,
as the drenching rains now sweeping over the State,
while doing more or less damage along the river bot
toms, almost injure abundant crops of everything this
year. . ¦ . _ ,
Both of these "features are encouraging, as they
presage more activity in the steel trade, which has been
languishing of late, and which, when dull, exerts, a de
pressing influence throughout the country, and vice
versa. A third welcome feature was the moistening of the
great wheat fields of the Southwest, where a prolonged
season of dry weather was beginning to damage the
crop. This was partially offset toward the close of the
week by a dry dust storm which swept over .Western
Kansas and Oklahoma, doing more or less injury to the
growing plant in that region.
The leading feature, of course, was the panicky break
in cotton, which carried with it over the dam the lead
ing bull operator, D. J. Sully, whose holdings were about
300,000 bales. The disaster occurred on Friday and in
the frenzy to realize the day's sales were run up to about
1.500,000 bales. Brokers were astounded by the enor
mous offerings, as the cotton came pouring in upon the
market from all queers. It was a deluge of cotton and
the market went d(^vn as if there were no bottom to it.
Just what effect this' great break will have on the cotton
manufacturing industry remains to be seen, but the re
sults will probably manifest themselves this week as
soon as the cyclone has cleared off.
Another feature of the weeic was the decisive vote by
which the bituminous coal miners decided to accept the
proposed reduction in. wages without declaring a general
strike, which would have worked great mischief to the
manufacturing industries at the very moment they were
commencing to revive. Another important feature was
the continued improvement in the iron and steel trades,
which showed an expansion in the movement and a cor
responding steadiness in quotations for most descrip
tions.
THE revival of activity in general trade noted a week
or ten days ago was still more pronounced last
week and the whole line of domestic commerce
showed more animation. The weather was riot' of the
best, and storms, more or less severe, checked the dis
tribution of goods in many sections, notably on the Pa
cific Coast and especially in California, but on the. whole
the business situation was encouraging throughout the
country.
BUSINESS STILL EXPANDING.
While it is true that many of the
earlier reserves were established with
out investigation sufficient to prevent
the inclusion of some agricultural land,
this is impossible under the present
system. Now the land is carefully ex
amined and mapped and the lines are
drawn to exclude all considerable areas
susceptible of settlement. Small agri
cultural areas are provided for in the
legislation just recommended by the
Public Lands Commission. This sys
tem removes one of the strongest argu
ments which has been made against
reserves. A no less welcome change
¦will be the proposed new policy of re
ducing' control from "Washington to a
minimum and placing more authority
in the hands of local officers who are
familiar with their State conditions,
and will thus be free to conduct the
business promptly and acceptably to
the people, unhampered by red tape,
unnecessary restrictions and delay. To
accomplish this end a bill has been In
troduced in Congress to transfer the
reserve management to the Bureau of
Forestry, in the Department of Agri
culture, and Its passage will result in
an immediate revision of the many
cumbersome and restricting regulations
which have caused dissatisfaction.
These two changes will remove prac
tically all objections which are. now
urged against forest reserves. In short,
the object of the Government is not to
blot these areas off the map, but to
protect them from fire and to manage
them so the people can get more from
them than they do now.
of priority and equity, from outside
competition.
Even though this destructive operation of the laws of
nature is due to the presence of irrigation canals it be
came evident to the experts from Berkeley, who first
undertook the study of the situation, .that since " the
waters from Kings and adjacent rivers were absolutely
essential to the continued fertility of the country, irri
gation could not be dispensed with, and the only remedy
which could be brought to bear would be that of drain
age for the alkaline seepage water. Upon an appropria
tion of $15,000 made by Congress in the summer of 1902
Professor Elwood Mead of the University of California
and also head of the Bureau of Irrigation at Washington
went down to the southern fruit district to direct the
work of a party of Government engineers in platting the
contour of the country and determining the proper steps
to be taken for the creation of an elaborate drainage
system. C. G. Elliott, who has remained to complete
the work inaugurated by Professor Mead, announces in
his report that drains from five to seven feet in depth,
and laid out in half-mile parallel lines will rid the low
country of the destructive alkali.
With the remedy for, this destruction of acres of the
richest fruit land in the State now found to be prac
ticable by the experts from the Washington agricul
tural bureau it remains for the State to set to work im
mediately upon the construction of these seepage chan
nels. Each season which brings with its alternate damp
ness and sunshine additional, strata of the noxious salt
to the surface renders more and more worthless land
which should be bringing forth its sown seed a hun-.
dred fold. :
the most peculiar anomalies presented by the modern
science of systematic farm production— that of too much
irrigation being a hindrance rather than a benefit to
the lands upon which it is applied; for the concentra
tion of alkali upon the surface soil has been a phe
nomenon coincident with the introduction of the irri
gation ditch system in the Fresno district. The physics of
the surface precipitation of the alkaline salts is sim
plicity itself. It is merely that the presence of a num
ber of irrigation ditches add greatly to the volume of
subterranean waters through seepage; the level of these
waters consequently rises until in, very low elevations
the surface of the ground and the height of the sub
terranean flow strike a tangent and the alkaline sub
stances in suspension in the waters are precipitated out
upon- the surface of the soil by evaporation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, MONDAY., MARCH 21, 1904:
THE SAN FR K N G I SCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ........ .Address All Commmiiationv to HcNAUGHT, BUnager
Publication Office . <z0a§sl§v&> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY ........ ...... -.MARCH *2i. 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6. 'China raises and consumes more
ducks than any other country in the
world.
"Why," asks Dr. Spalding "of Chi
cago's Health Department, "shouldn't
the law require parents to have their
children vaccinated before the age of 6
years? Certainly these babies have as
much right to live as children at tha
school age."
Thousands in the East are crating
household goods and taking a team to
the train, a train to the Santa Fe and the
Santa Fc to California. Are your friends
coming? ' , . •
There are cheap colonist rates on the
Santa Fe in March and April. You can
deposit the moneys here and have the
ticket telegraphed East. If Interested,
ask about it at •". 641 Market street, San
*"rarcif«co. \ ., ¦
Coming to California.
GIBRALTAR, March 20.— Vice ; Ad
miral-Lord Charles Beresford, com
manding, the channel squadron, enter
tained Emperoi- William- at dinner on
board his flagship to-night, the squad
ron meanwhile displaying brilliant il
luminations and searchlights.
'SAN RAFAEL, March 20.— The
English merchant ship Beautshire,
which wag driven on the beach in
upper Richardson Bay during . the
storm on March 0, haa at last been
noated. The Beautshire is a 2400-ton
ehip and was at anchor off Sausalito
awaiting cargo. During the storm she
was driven over a mile from her an
chorage. The ship settled in 7 feet of
mud. : The damage done was consid
erable. \
Ship Beautshlre Is Floated.
HEMLN'GFORD, Nebr., March 20. —
Disastrous prairie fires have swept
the range country. The ground being
dry, the fire burned the roots of the
grass in the ground, destroying it for
grazing for three years. One strip
burned is six by twelve miles, another
more than twenty miies long- and very
wide, while another strip,- still burn
ing, north of the Niobrara River,
seems to have been more extensive.
Ranch sheds, barns, groves on tim
ber claims* and property along the
railroad | has been destroyed. Several
narrow escapes from' death are re
ported from the ranches, j
Prairie Fire Sweeps Nebraska.
Anita Madeline Flahoven, Marguerite Made
line Horan, Mary Madeline Horan, Mary Eliz
abeth Thoney, Alice Carmellta Barrett, Bertha
Gertrude Barrett, Grace Catherine Barrett,
Anna Ga.ce Murphy, Regina Viblana Lar.dUn,
Juliet Mildred Bettannler, Mary Elizabeth Hel
mer, Mabel Madeline Hopper, .Anastatsia Grace
Uoe, Evelyn Isabelle Lucas. Margaret Mary
Lucas, Rose Elizabeth Helm, Lucy Madeline
Noble, Florence Cecilia Gorman. Florence Ce
cllls. Hurley, Sarah Lucille Blansry. Ellen An
tonle Ehm. Margaret Bernadctte Savafie. Anita
Stella Hart, Rci<e Agnes Frunz. Johanna Ce
cilia Prunr, Victoria Amelia Cunlo. Mary
Catherine Tully. Mary Isabelle Cummings,
Adc-le llary Uatto, Henrietta Theresa Untried,
Aline Ann Collins, Ruth Helen May, Manraret
Irene Jackson, Cecila Louise GrandoHi, Anna
Theresa Lemon. Mary Catherine Dacol, Mabel
Gertrude Pratt, Evelyn Veronica Rosetti, Ger
trude Loretto Fos?. Alice Veronica Fowl, Mary
Marguerite Murphy, Catherine Alousie Kll
<Jay. Aneelua Claire Price, Lucy Mary Gear
aebty, Mary dementia Cummin?, Harriet
Agnes O'FarreU. Helen Theresa Dawson,
Eleanor Elizabeth Dalley, Margaret Agnes
Grant. Josephine Cecelia Grant, , Lena
Josephine Fitzpatrick, Anna Gertrude Pfluper,
Ethel Imelda Kelling, Agneg Bridget Hanni
van, Josephine Claire Anderson, Antoinette
dementia McMahon.
BOSTON, March 20.— With the object
of promoting women's trades unions in
the United States, the executive board^
of the Woman's National Trades Union
League at itB annual meeting here to
day voted to send a general organizer
and secretary throughout the country
who will act as t a business agent, or
ganizing trades unions among women,
instituting lockouts and strikes.
*Tiong the members of the board
present were Miss Jane Addams of
Hullhouse, Chicago, president; Mrs.
Gertrude Barnum, State secretary of
the Woman's Trades Unions of Illinois,
and Miss Lillian B. Wald, head worker
of th- College Settlement of iSew York.
National Union Leaeue Will Send
Delegate Throughout Country to
Promote Organization.
WILL FORM TRADES
UNIONS FOR WOMEN
Aboard the street car were seven
passengers, four of whom were injured,
as follows: George Jenkins, Spokane,
head crushed and hurt internally; G.
L. NIckee, Spokane, badly bruised;
Jacob M. Bess, residence unknown,
bruised; James Lintcm, Pennsylvania,
badly bruised.
The electric car was badly smashed.
The blame for the accident is not yet
fixed as the street car company order
ed that all information be suppressed
and it has not yet been possible to get
intelligent explanations from the pas
'sengers who were aboard the car. The
street car was on the crossing before
the locomotive was observed to be com-.
Ing down the hill. Whether the con
ductor went ahead to see If the track
was -clear is not known. /
SPOKANE, March 20.— A street car
bound for Hillyard, a suburban town,
was struck by a Great Northern loco
motive this morning while the car was
crossing the railroad tracks in the east
ern part of the city.
Four Out of the Seven Passengers on
the Dummy Are Severely
Injured.
ENGINE AND STREET CAR
COLLIDE AT CROSSING
CHICAGO, March 20.— A general
chairmen's association was formed here
to-day at a meeting of the chairmen
of the orders of tho Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers of all the sys
tems of the country- M. D. Cadle of the
Missouri Pacific system was made
chairman and A. M. Rodgers of the
Chicago, Milwaukee and St.- Paul Rail
road was named as secretary.
The purpose of the organization, it is
said, is to bring about uniform condi
tions on all the railroad systems in so
far as the engineers are affected and to
enable the brotherhood to meet , the
Gener.al Managers* Association with a
corresponding body of men who will be
constantly in touch with the engineers
in all parts of the country.
Heads of Different Orders in Their
Brotherhood Comprise 3Icmber
ship in Association.
LOCOMOTIVE EXGI KEEKS
FORM NEW ORGANIZATION"
washed over her decks from stem to
stern and threw her on her beam ends,
where ehe lay for hours entirely at the
mercy of the sea and almost entirely
submerged by tne .mountainous waves
that swept over her. To add to the
terrible predicament she was in her
cargo of coal shifted.
The whole crew was • ordered below
and for twenty-four hours worked with
might and main to try to readjust her
cargo and finally succeeded in getting
her into shape so that she was man
ageable. The great waves that struck
her battered In the forecastle and
washed away, all the stock of beef and
provisions stored there. The carpen
ter, cook and steward had all their be
longings washed overboard. At times
while the storm was at Its height thore
seemed to be at least a hundred tons
of water on the deck.
When the storm had somewhat abat
ed and the ship had righted it was
found that the rudder head had sprung
and it became necessary to rig a Jury
rudder. Consequently the spanker
boom was taken down and lashed
across the poop deck from rail to rail
and with the aid of relieving tackle the
captain was able to guide her on her
course. In the meantime from the ter
rible strain under, which she was labor
ing her seams had opened and her hold
commenced to fill with water, and when
The storm beaten ship William H.
Macy came Into port yesterday. Her
appearance more than verified the re
ports that the steamship City of Puebla
had brought in concerning her. She
had a heavy list to starboard and her
whole appearance showed the effects
of the terrific encounters with the seas
she had suffered. She was a woeful
looking spectacle. How she weathered
the gale and lived through the fury of
the storm that threw her on her beam
ends is a miracle to both officers and
crew. At any rate, she has managed
to get into port, and a more battered
looking object has rarely crossed in
over the bar. She left this port on
January 30, bound north for Lady
smith. On the second day out she en
countered a storm that shook her up
so hard that the main yard came
tumbling down with a great crash. The
balance of the voyage north was a sec
cession of gales and storms. On the
return trip from Oyster Bay, from
which port she sailed on March 1, the
voyage was uneventful until March 10,
¦when shs ran into a terrific gale, which
came upon her without any warning
and carried away her sails, her main
mizzen topsail and stay sails. The seas
struck her with tremendous fury.
they tested the pumps they found there
was seven feet of water in the hold.
The windmill was set going and all
pumps working, and by this means
she was kept afloat.
Second Mate Albert Maas had a ter
rible experience. He was washed over
board twice, but managed to scramble
on board both times, and, although
badly bruised, did not suffer otherwise,
In speaking of the storm he said:
"The gale struck us just as though it
had been fired from a gun. There was
no warning about it at all. It hit us in
a bunch, threw the ship on her beam
ends and whirled us around in the
troueh of the sea. Our forward '-"uses
are entirely gutted out. The waves
struck the petitions between the rooms
and smashed them as though they were
paper boxes. I was washed overboard
twice, and as I went over the first time
I caught the starboard fore sheet,
when suddenly the ship gave a tremen
dous pitch and rolled me back again.
Before I could grab hold of anything I
wns washed overboard a second time
and the sea threw me back against the
main hatch, and from there I was
washed to the bilge pump. This I
grasped and managed to clamber to
safety. Unless the ship had been
mighty stanch she never /could have
weathered the awful hurricane she
passed through."
AMERICAN VESSEL THAT ARRIVED IN PORT YESTERDAY AFTER FIERCE ENCOUNTER WITH GALE THAT TORE
AWAY HER RIGGING AND RENDERED HER HELPLESS. CREW THAT WORKED NIGHT AND DAY TO READJUST
! SHIFTED CARGO AND OFFICER THAT NEARLY LOST HIS LIFE.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., March 20.—Sur
rounded by members of his family and
of the college faculty, who brought
many tokens of their love and esteem,
Charles W. Eliot, president of Harvard
University, celebrated his seventieth
anniversary to-day.
This afternoon President Eliot was
invited to University Hall, where he
met the faculty and was presented with
a loving cup, in accepting which Dr.
Eliot said:
"I have received many tributes of
affection, but none so dear as those
from the departments of the faculty. I
owe to the university all that I have
accomplished and am myself a product
of the university and the Influence of
the two governing boards."
Head of Harvard University Is Re
membered on Occasion of Seven
tieth Anniversary.
PRESIDENT ELIOT
CELEBRATES BIRTHDAY
LONDON, March 21, — The Daily
Mail's Hamburg correspondent says
that the captain of the Berwick Castle
is persistent in the assertion that it is
impossible that his ship could have
collided with the submarine boat No.
1 ' A, as the shock would have been
much more violent. He says he felt
only two very slight shocks and that
the atmosphere was clear and that he
saw no submarine boat.
PORTSMOUTH, March 20.— Attempts
were made to-day without success to
raise the British submarine boat No. 1
A, which was run down by the Donald
Currie line steamer Berwick Castle Fri
day afternoon. The principal damage
appears to have been done to the con
ning tower, which shows the marks of
the collision. The hull of the vessel ap
pears to be intact.
It has bee.n ascertained that the sub
marine's hull was also pierced. The
boat will be salvaged first by repairing
and then filling It with compressed air,
the position In which. she lies and the
currents having compelled a suspension
of the attempts to lift her. The divers
report that it is impossible to aee inside
the submarine. The opinion is that the
boat filled with water immediately.
The disaster to the -No. 1 A has cre
ated a most painful 'impression in all
classes. Queen Alexandra, the Duke of
Connaught and the chiefs of the Ad
miralty have sent messages of sympa
thy to the relatives of the victims. Ad
miral Fisher, in an official signal to the
fleet expressing sorrow, says:
"Practically our gallant comrades
died in action. Their lives were not
thrown away, if we consider their
splendid example of cheerful and en
thusiastic performance of duty, in
volving all the risks of war."
HAMBURG, March 20. — The Don
ald Currie line steamship Berwick
Castle, which ran down the British
submarine boat No. 1 A, near Ports
mouth, Friday afternoon, arrived here
to-day undamaged. The officers of the
vessel declined to give any information
concerning the matter, pending an of
ficial statement.
William Aloysius Riley. Milton Patrick
Evatt. Albert Juhn de Campji, Edward Aloy
fius MrM&hon, John Bernard O'Connor. Wil
liam Franc-is Kelleher. Jeremiah William
O'Connor. Harry Francis Sheridan. Theodore
Joseph Meyers. Thomaj Charles Hopples. John
Henry Canthovy. Louis I'aul Hcim. Robert
Jowph White. Luke de Sales B'.lper. Harry
Joseph Kenniski. 'Wllllem Joseph Burke, Al
bert Mirhacl iiorden, Edward Charles Car
berry, Milton Joseph Lurkin. Leo Glennon.
Theodore John Hipviera. James Aloysius Kerri
enn. Albert Joseph McKee, James Charles Me-
Cann. Anthony Edward O'DonnclI, Daniel Jo
t-eph CCKeefe. Bdward William O'Brien. Ir
vine Joseph O'Shea. Thomas Joseph Powers.
Frank Aloysius Spencer, Edward Thames
French. Knbcrt Patrick I>ouchcr:y. Emmet Jo
peph Murphy, John Ignatius Sweeney. Ward
James MuJIen, Raymond Joseph Mullen. Albert
-Alexander Carroll, Francis Eugene Oarroli.
Vineoct Aloysiup McMurdo. Arthur Raymond
Cany. Hemy Chtrles Franklin. James Pat
rick Thornton. Clarence Vincent Lemon, Kd
vari William Gorrran. Joseph George Fltz-
I>a«rick, Edward Burkhart F'ltzt&trick. John
George Haven. William Patrick Donovan.
Francis Wlillam Sheridan, Bernard Joseph
.Nuitman, Iti.atius Robert Nuttman, Francis
Aloytiug Mecordy, Waiter John Whalen. Ar
thur Lawrence Carey. Robert Thomas Mc-
Carthy. Lysle Charles Coffee, George Patrick
Harden, Augustine John McMabon. William
Lawrence Skar.ahan. William George Power.
James jMoysius Dougherty. Edward Charles
T« Sling. Thomas Francis Byrr.e. William Aloy
tiu* Riley, William Jchn Harrington. Joseph
Peter Kearney. Joseph Charles Schaeffer, Fred
erick Peter Granucci, John Joseph Laborte.
James Thomas Rowt. Anthony Alcyfius Goet
z*n, Joseph Moses Iloipie, Edward Joseph
CaflEon. Edward Hubert Carroll. William Pat
rick Hurley. James Math'-w . Dalejr. Francis
Artone Brlck«>r, Frsncis Philip Sheridan. Har
old Joseph Dougherty, Victor Ignatius Hol
land. John* William Lawrence, Charles Edwin
Carey. William Gallagher. James Francis An
drewp, John William Bloss. Michael Joseph
Drlscoll, Edwin William Lyone, Francin Wil
liam Kclleher, Patrick Basil Leamy. Joseph
Klcyd Leamy, John Anthony Henry, William
Michael Thompson, Roy Bernard Burrows,
Frar.k Kenealy.
Mary Jordan. Josephine Smith. Alice Mur
phy. Mary Conboy. Elizabeth Cacciavi, Kath
•rine Dovrd, Gertrude Iturkin, Mary O'Don-
BelL Anna CTDonnell. Claire Martin, Valarle
Vast or.bille. Angela, ReiHy, .Catherine O"Gara.
Anna Tracy. Gertrude Cecilia Doherty, Helena
Angela Cavatnaro, Francis Phllomena Curley,
Rom Ursula McAsey, Veronica Mary Howard,
Isabel Virginia Riordan. Dorothy Francis
Goloblch. Ellen Veronica Crawford. Rose
Francis Landry, Madeleine Clare Norton.
Grace Mildred Hlnch, Charlotte Albertlne
Hunter, Frances Honora Connolly, Frances
Cecilia. Wilson. Grace Camilla Murphy. Alice
Amelia Filzuatrick. Cecilia Mildred McTas
sart, lUme Ocilia CoRhlln. Winfred Clemen
tina Pierce. AUc« Elizabeth Shea. Mary
Louise Hhea, Eileen Agnrs Fonle. Mary Agrn^s
fhlrley. Ada Teresa Peternon. Sarah Dinifred
Peterton, Stella Placida Peterron, Esther Cath
erine Kjerrlffan. Mary Frances Weyland. Mar
•ruerite Bricld Weyland. Mary Margaret
O'Mailey. Loretta Albertina McCann, Gertrude
Catherine McMurdo, Marguerite Catherine Lin
cenfelser, Honora Patricia Callasfrsui, Allco
Mary Glennon. Cecilia Louise Glennon. Jean
r.ette Gabrlel'.a Bpamftr. Lucy Frances Snamer,
Agnes Frances Zimmerman, Alice Elizabeth
HozT»e. Cecilia Agnes McLauKhlin. Agatha
Mary Cavanaugh. Mary Josephine Connolly,
Mary Aioysia, Wldmore, Anna Marcaret Me-
Glennon, Catherine Agnes Burnr. Adelphine
Madeline Seiller, Anita Maria Truman, Loretta
Clemetina. Foley, Katheiina Marzuerite Mc-
Klwain, Mary Josephine O'Shea, Helen Evelyn
Durkin, Florence Catherine Smith. Anna Isa
beile Uadovich. Anna Mary Kadovich. Gene
vieve Mary Bch&n. Mary Clementina MeGirrty.
Gertrude Imelia Savage. Iscbelle Clementina.
ttoherty, Mary There&a Jordan. Ruth Luclle
O'Kane, Mary Sylvia Leamy. Theresa Ve
ronica Wanderer. Marguerite Frances Wan
derer, Blanche Helen SeRprscn. Mary Carmel
lta McCulIoch; Acnes Claire O'Dwyer. Agnes
France* McDonald, Marj' Agr.es Perpoll.
Imelda Elizabeth Prendersast, Margaret Eve
lyn McCarthy, Felice Cecilia Athernon, Ce
«ilia Rote Sheehan, Dolores Lauretina, Helen
Angela Judge. Eileen Cecilia Hurley. Mary
Angelia Enos, Alice Theresa McConalojrue,
Kv«Iyn Patricia Shore, l!ary Mercedes Whcr
inFkey, Bornadette Arnei> Hurley, Angela
Helen Etorek, Elizabeth Claire Wilbert, Genc
»ie\-e Irene Wiselng, Florence Jennie Veronica
I.amcena, Caroline O'Connor. Delia Rose Mc
llale, Anna Marj- O'Ocnnell. Anastasia Rose
KHfftieT. Mary Eulalia Callaghan. Virginia,
rtprnadette Spencer, Lillian Rose McDonald,
llary Francie Hcran. Theresa G-rtrude Calden,
• trace Marie PftifCer, Antoinette Claire Miller
ruzabeth Mary Fitch, Cecilia Marie Wallace.
OtSlim Maria Miller, Catherine Loretta Carroll,
Mary JSrtelle Jeffries, Alice Veronica MarRey,
Mary Agnes R»-ghinl. {Catherine Frances Lee.
Klizabeth Eulalia Marpey. Mary Rose Gran
r.eci, Emily Eileen Walters, Julia Elearnor
T5alTic«, Eftolle Oertrude OiHipan, . Ethel
*!TitIda Kelllns, Mary Rose Qramcl.
t be shunned. The sacrifices of par
tuts for their children was tenderly
touched upon and with a prayer for the
spiritual welfare of the newly confirm
ed, his Grace concluded with offering
thanks for the opportunity given him
to meet so many at the exercise which
it had come to him to perform.
Following is a list of those who re
ceived confirmation at the hands of
Archbishop Montgomery:
His Grace also discussed the power
of society on youth and especially ad
dressing himself to the boys, reminded
them that society, if contaminated, was
Discussing the description of litera
ture that children should be given to
read, his Grace recommended that par
ents take into their homes newspapers
proper for perusal and not of a doubt
ful character. With regard to night
and mornihsr prayers, he wished that
the practice which obtained in years
pone by would be again continued gen
erally.
His Grace directed pertinent remarks
to the younger ones in the assemblage
as to their future conduct and spoke
especially of the sacredness of the
home and the duty that it owes to the
church.
Seldom has a more impressive scene
been witnessed in any sacred edifice of
the city than the confirmation of boys
and girls by nts Grace Archbishop
Montgomery in th« Church of St.
Charles Borromo, yesterday.
The children were appropriately at
tired, the boys in black suits with rib
bon of white satin on their breasts and
the Misses in pure white frocks and
long lace veils, hanging: gracefully from
their heads.
Punctually at 4 o'clock his Grace the
Archbishop, attended by the Rev. Fath
er J. McDonald, pastor of St. Charles;
the Rev. T. Moran, the Rev. Father
Philip O'Kyan and the Rev. Father E.
Looney, entered the sanctuary and the
exercises were begun with profound
ceremony.
After devotional exercises. Archbish
op Montgomery expressed his delight
at seeing so many youths present for
confirmation, which showed, he said,
the loyalty of the parents of the chil
dren to the church and to their paa
tor.
Captain of the Berwick Cas
tle, Says His Ship Did Not
Strike the Little Craft
Archbishop Montgomery
Warns Against Doubtful
Papers and Evil Society
VESSEL IS NOT RAISED
EXEKCLSES DIPEESSIYE
England Is Sorrowful Over
Fate of -the Men Who Died
in the Submarine Boat
Boys and Girls Assemble at
the Sanctuary and Assume
Spiritual Responsibility
MOURNS LOSS
OF SAILORS
CONFIRMATION
AT ST. CHARLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH- 21, 1904.
After Thrilling Encounter and Terrible Battle With Storm
and Leaping Seas That Washed Her Decks and Threw
Her on Her Beam Ends, She Finally Enters Port
WILLIAM H. MACY ARRIVES,
BATTERED BY FURIOUS GALE
7
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLr^T
TO-NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK.
First Production in San Francisco of
Mr. Pickwick
A Musical Comedy in Two Acts, Based on
Charles Dickens' Masterpiece.
Music by MANTEL KLEIN.
"Words by CHARLES KLEIN.
Lyrics by GRANT STEWART.
Initial Appearance Her* of
Dora de Fillippe
The Eminent Lyric Soprano.
See AH the Famous Characters of the Story!
Many Merry Moments of Mirth and Melody'.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Usual Popular Prices 23c. 50o and T.Tc
Proscenium and Mezzanlna Box Seats Six.)
THEATER ENTIRELY RENOVATED.
First Time To-Mght at &
MRSLFjSE
Mary of Magdala
Next Week — Seats Thursday
MBS. riSXE In HEDDA OABL2B
THE PLAY YOU LIKE
Is the one that is full of fun.
That is what everybody says of
The Rounders
Brircrul of FUN. SPECIALTIES. SONGS.
DANCES.
CrR t "ALL STAR" CAST. Including Richard
P. Carroll, John P. Kennedy. John Peachey.
B*n T. Dillon H»len Runsell. Nellie lynch.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
¦ KISMET
A Funny Turkish Musical Comedy. Seats
now <>n ?ale. First appearance of LIZZIB
DERIOUS DALY.
GILLO'S "ARTESTO,
MOVING PICTURES SHOWING BRITT AND
YOUNG CORBETT TRAINING AND A
GREAT SHOW
Every Afternoon and Evening la th*
Theater.
ENJOY YOURSELF IN CABARET DE LA
MORT.
ANIMALS FTIOM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c; Children, 6c.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
Richard Wagner
Lecture Recitals. Lyric Hall, by
MRS. RAYMOND BROWN, Pianist?
To-morrow night, "The Ring"; Thursday.
"Tris'tan"; Friday. ••Meistersincer"; Satur-
day matinee. "Parsifal."
SEATS — 50c. 75e. $1. At Sherman. Clay A
Co- 'a. _^________________.
SPRING FLOWER SHOW.
TWENTIETH EXHIBITION
of the
California State Floral Society
Will be held in the
GRAND NAVE of the KEKK* BUILDING.
San Francisco.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY.
March 24. 25 and 2lS. 1904.
Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. nj. \
Music Evenings.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GKKAT RESTOKATlVU. l.WiGOHA-
tor and Nervine.
The must wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
/ The Mexican Itemed)- for D:»ea*ea o£ in*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merlts.
NABER. ALFS A iJHUN'K. Agent*.
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular*.* „
SGRIPTION
R WEAK WO MEM.
\AA T. HESS,
Notary PnbUc and Attorney-at-Xaw.
T«ntii floor. Koran 1013. Cla>u> SpraclMla blJ*.
Teleohone Mala 933.
Residence. 1802 McAllister mt. »
Residence Telephone Fax* "84L
5, Some can &
§ and some g
>) cannot* |
¦ USE COFFEE I
without dangerous q
5> harm to the body 8
P Qcit for 10 days to prove for w
£jj yourself, meantime use p
| POSTUM §
oceoeoeoeo(309SB09cecboe«60EceoeceajOEceo89eodoe3i
FOSTOTtt CEREAI,.
WASHING WITHOUT WAtEB
la Like Tryinsr to Get Rid of Dandruff
Without Kerploide. ,
Did you ever see any one trying to
wash themselves without soap or water?
If you did what would you say of him?
It is every bit as foolish to try to get
rid of dandruff and to prevent baldness
by feeding the germs which cause ' It,
with Cantharldes, Vaseline, Glycerine
and similar substances which form the
principal ingredients of most so-called
Hair Vigors.
Newbro's Herpicide Is successful . be-
cause it attacks and kills the parasitic
germ which feeds on the hair roots.
It is the original and only genuine
scnlp germicide manufactured.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to. The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich. '.
CASTOR I A
f oi Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of C^S^f/g^/fa
Perfect Fitting {V^
fy Eyeglasses tf
:1a At Moderate Cost {\
V 642 /WAR kct St
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTELBUTLER
SEATTLE.
¦ -
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense
of $260.000 — New Management— ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF.
LOCATION — Very accessible to street car
llne«, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms in antique ' decoration*.
Turkish Bath» in Hotel.
UNSURPASSED KESTAURANT, De Stel-
ger. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of . Wales. . v
HOTEL ORCHESTRA : Telephone Connec-
tions In every room: long distance connections
made with any part o* the eoa»t.
Wire for reservations, at our expense. ¦
. BUTLER f HOTEL. Seattle.
pfllarp DONTFAILTO
I aiaUW -e e th, beautiful
- - COURT Lounging
/Hill room, th4 EMPIRE
¦•"¦y PARLOR, the
>/» j PALM ROOM, tha
iirand louis xv par.
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
D J. » ''• DIES' WRITINQ
Hotels room.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
<f&^%! lllflDIA^^rai
bULUfVlEllA LEACMQ MA..3
Two WceKs, TVMTrfVit '
Beginning 10-rUglllI
tManageraent FRANK McKEE.)
Presenting a New Modern Comedy, by Leo
Ditrichsteln. entitled
Harriet's Honeymoon
Nightly, Except Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
La Belle Guerrero ;
Taffary's Dogs; Billy Clifford; Adelina
Roattino and Clara Stevens; Montell
Brothers; EM3IETT CORRIGAN
COMPANY, Presenting "Jockey
Jones"; Xichols Sisters; L-oney Has-
kell and Orpheum Motion Pictures,
Showing: Young Corbctt and Britt
Training.
r.egular Matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25c
and 50c.
CALIFORNIA
TO-NIGHT.
The Popular Comedian,
WORTH LAND SlNCER^i^q
A new clay by Sidney R. Kills.
NEXT— The World" » Great»»t Marvel,
ANNA EVA FAY.
Special Matinees tor Ladles Only Wednesday
and Saturday.
ALCAZAR l^ r
- . General Manacer.
AT' 8 TO-NIGHT — Mat*. Sat. and Sua.
Warner's Impressive Miracle Play,
...PARSIFAL...
SUPERB STAGE PICTTTBE3.
"People sit absorbed while the great legend
ii enacted." — Chronicle.
"It is worth any half dozen Lenten ser-
vice*." — Call. *
The music by an orchestra of Twenty.
Evgs.. 25c to $1. Mats. Sat. & Sun., 25c to 73a.
Market streat. near Klchth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATIXEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Great Spectacular Sensation,
ill THE KING OF in
III DETECTIVES III
Magnificent Original Scenic Effects!
A MID-AIR RACE FOR LIFE.
. With Marveloualy Realistic
BALLOON AND AIRSHIP SCENE.
The Melodramatic Masterpiece of Twentieth
Century.
pDirtC Evenings. 10c to BDc
ralVLJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
tag! 81111^ Racinj!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCXEY CLUB.
Racine Each Week Day. Rain or Shin*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. tru sharp.
For special trains stopping At th« track uk»
fi. P. Ftrry. foot vt Market street, at 12. 12:30.
1 : CO. 1 :3O or 3 o'clock. . No smokies; in Ust two
cars, whtcb arc reserved for ladles and tbalr
escorts./ *
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
? :45 ard immediately after the Ust raco.
IV THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President
PERCY. W. TRKAT. SxTPtury-
Wefifly Ci $1.00 wYeai
PATTOSIEN S
..Great Furniture Exposition Building..
COR. SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STS.
This Is the most popular Furniture. The two great gales Floors are the
and Drapery House on the Pacific grandest in America and for the last
Coast, where the people are every day three years a business of over a half
enjoyinjr the advantages of buying their million has been done on these two floors,
goods cheaper by from 25 to 40 per cent After the first of May thls^monstrous
than they can elsewhere. Building will be altered into an immense
The doors of this grand Establishment ApMtment-Hou.e. with stores Under-
wlll close Saturday. April 30. FOREVER. "l^ «^., T _ rt ,__,_ „,_-_
I The great Retiring Sale now In progress £W^ HOW TO GET THERE
is the attraction that draws the naulti- Take any Mission-Street Car direct:
tude. Buying Is brisk and the buyers Ta,ke any Flllrnore-Street Car direct;
are delighted. People are just picking Take any Valencia-Street or Blue Mar-
up the bargains in Curtains, Draperies, ket-Strcet Car to Sixteenth Street, or
Carpets, Rugs and beautiful Bedroom take any car which transfers you to any
Suits in solid mahogany, blrdseye maple of these lines. The polite conductors will
and oak. and magnificent brass and Iron assist you to get to the GREAT RE-
beds at one-half price. TIRING SALE.
PATTOSIE?rS.AUGUSTA. Ga., March 20.— The Re
publicans of the Tenth Congressional
District met at Snarta yesterday and
nominated Sim Walton, a colored bar
ber of Augusta, to oppose Congressman *
T. W. Hardwick. the Democratic in
cumbent from this district. The con
vention was composed almost entirely
of negroes. Besides the nomination of
Walton resolutions were passed indors
ing Roosevelt. A. L. Wlmberly. Repub
lican Revenue Collector, was Indorsed
as a delegate to the national conven
tion.
HOLDS BURGLAR AT BAY.
George Miller Covers Intruder With
Gun and Turns Hint Over to Police.
George Miller. 324 Utah street, held
a daring burglar at bay with a shot
gun last night until relieved * of his
charge by the police. The burglar, who
was recognized by the officers as
James Gibson, a teamster, was at
tempting to enter Miller's residence
through a rear window and was dis
covered bv Mrs. Miller. /
She told her husband of the man's
presence and' the latter hastily, secured
his shotgun and started after the fel
low. Gibson,"- in the . meantime,', climbed
on the roof ; of : an adjoining: house.
Miller followed him, and.i covering him
with* the shotgun, * commanded him to
come down and into' his house. \-
The burglar begged pitifully, for
mercy and prayed Miller, not to shoot
him. He obeyed his captor's command
and .went: into * the house, covered by
MilleV. -The police were: telephoned for
and locked "Gibson up; in the •Seven
teenth-street - station on a charge -of
attempt to commit burglary.
Is Robbed by Woman.
Stephen Sadowy; residing at 23
Washington street, was robbed by a
woman who gives her name as Sarah
Margin, of more than $1SO last night.
The robbery took place at the Adelphia
"House, 909 Kearny street. Sadowy re- •
ported his loss to the police and a -war
rant was issued for the arrest of the
woman. She was found in a resort at
1433 Stockton street and taken to the
Central Station, where it was four.d
that she still had $113 50 of the coin.
The woman was charged with grand
larceny.
Members of the Golden Gate Club
Meet in Their First^Shoot of
the Season. ,
The Golden Gate Gun Club mem
bers held their first shoot of the sea
son yesterday " at the Inglesido
grounds. Though the weather was
bad there w&s a large attendance and
many good scores; were, made.
lverson won the first-class medal
and was warmly congratulated. " His
work was a surprise, as this is hlg
second \ season at the traps.
• After a tie in the second-class shoot
Kirkpatrick of Japan ,and H. ; Kleve
sahl shot s off, tlie latter winning the
medal, by one bird. ' Following are the
scores: *
Medal shoot. 25 birds. Champion class — Nau
man 25. Webb 24. O. Feudner 24, E. Schultz
23, Wilson 23, Gibson 22, Klncannon 21. Fos
ter 20. ...... .:•¦¦-¦ . . -*¦ ¦¦ ;-,-•.-,.;
First" classr-=-*-**tverson 25. Gamble 23. Slade 19,'
Murdock ¦ 20. ' Donohoe ' 13, Golcher *; 22. Kleve
nahl 23,; Pottery 10. Kerrlson • 17, . Hoyt 21,
Shields 18. '? Berminsham 18, Moore . 14, ; Dr.
Hutton 18, Wattles 13,- Lang. 9, Reed 23, G.
Sylvester, 22, Dr. Derby 21, Burns 12. ,
Second class— Jacobsea ¦ 12, Patrick 16, Tur
ner 13, Smith 10. Lewis j 13, Bowen 21, H.
Klevesahl 16, Dr.: Sylvester 11. , i\ .'.•:-'<¦*•*.'
Sealed , condition ' snoot — High • scores : • Wil
son . 15. Nauman 15. , Webb 14, - E. Schultz * 14,
Golcher 14." O.' Feudner 13," Klncannon 13.- Mc-
Murchy 13, ; E. Klevesahl 13, lverson 13, H.
Kleveeahl 14. .;, ¦ -.-'- * .-. - •' - ; , _. . t
Consolation •-' stake— Gibson 17,-. Nauman * 23,
Wilson 23, Webb 23. O.' Feudner 25, E. Schultz
23.'- FoBler 22, Klncannon 22. . .
First class— Gamble 22. Slade 17, Murdock
19. ' Donohoe > 1!>, . Golcher 21. E. ' Klevesahl , 23. ¦
Potter 22,- » Kerrison- 17. • Reed 23, lverson * 25,
Hoyt 19. Shields Bermincham 23., Moore
17, Dr. Hutton 11, < ; Wattles 20, * Lang 20, G.
Sylvester 10. * .." -?•'¦'•"•* ¦¦'¦'•}'"¦'- >¦¦ ' •*¦ '"'' v ¦* ¦•-'
'*.?; Second ; class— Jacobsen 15." Patrick 14, Tur-'
ner 12, Smith 11, Lewis lO.Bowen 6, H. Klev
esahl 17.1 Dr.; : Sylvester 14.
GUX MEN MAKE HIGH SCORES
AT THE IXGLESIDE TRAPS
SHOOTING AT SHELL MOCXD.
Public Prize Contest of Germania
Schuetzen Club Xcxt Sunday.
"What is regarded as the event of
the season in shooting circles and sec
ond in importance only to the Bundes
Fest held here two years ago is sched
uled to take place at Shell Mound
Park n-xt Sunday.' The Germania
iJchuetz~:i Club will give a public
prize shoot and it is anticipated that
many of the prominent marksmen
from .the cities on the coast will be
in attendance. For the largest num
ber of six-inch buUseyes and best cen
ters during the day $207 will be di
vlded. On the honorary target $1000
in cash, merchandise and Jewelry will
be divided among the marksmen mak
ing: the best three-shot tickets. The
net proceeds of the shoot will be used
to defray the expenses of the delegates
who attend the National Schuetzen
Bund to be held in New York in June.
FoMoTvins; are yesterday's scores:
Phcll Mound Pirtol and Rifle Club, practice
».hooi~*v. Guild 2S3. H. Skinner lf», Henry
Wobbcr 272. Edward Lorenztn 271 D. L V.
Frates 2^<i. Alfred Thompson 320, P. A. Paul-
Bon'-E2 K. S. Wixon S5S.
Vniventty of California' Cadets* Rifle Team,
jjrsct !<¦•<- rhoot. Saturday — W. A Benner 25,
P. Jacohf 30, J. A. Burgress <9 shot*) 3S. A.
R. Whitrr.an T.S— 3f. T. Thode 45 J C. \Vbtt
iT.sn 4C— 40 W. L. Robertson i5 J Turner
4S-44. It. Daniels 45—50. " "
Month!:*.- medal shoot. Troop A* N. G C —
Serjeant R. C. Greeeninger 41. Serjeant H B.
Taylor -.. fVrceant C. A. Becker 43 Sprceant
E. H. Carr :!9. Sergeant F. T. Engl e 27 Cor
pcral T; P. trfhmsna 3S. -Corporal C. J 'Orton
2S. -rtrporal G. W. Pope 33. Corporal W
HulH-r 40. Trumpeter G. Ruge 32, A. N K«nt
2T«. W. Bareuth 12. R. Brown 12, G. W Hoad
!ey 42. T. Connolly 29, A. -Lag* S3. C N'lcolal
«!.». J. Ptterfi 3fi. 3. K.DIxoc 34. F. Bernhard
42. 3. T. Nouree 36. C. Coop 14. M. Bolts 2tt
M. GoMberK 2. H." Cramerdln* 16, R iJ*
Plomander 15. A. W. Albrecht 34, F Barthels
S» S. 3, Frater 2S. E. M.MuU-llle 12.
<~ornp-etitfon for -flag*, re-entry — Sergeant H
B. T»;kt C Perpeant R. C. Greeninger 4. S*r-
B'-Hr,<. «". A. Becker 3. Serjeant F. T. Englo
:j. G. "V. !loa<I!ey 2. Trumpter G. Ruce I F.
IV rn hard 1. R. Brown I; j.' T. JCourse l" A*
M. KsTit i.i«g»HHHnBfe' '
Woman Who Made Charges Against
Physician of California General
Hospital Claimed by Death.// :*^
Mrs. Ray Storck, the woman that
made sensational charges against the
attendants of the California General
Hospital several days ago,' died at her
residence, 2005 Mission' street, yester
day. She was a native of Hungary, 42
years old. She is survived by her hus
band and four childrenA
On March 12 Mrs. Storck's relatives
related to the police a tale of alleged
brutality which they said the woman
had suffered at the hands of the at
tendants of the California General
Hospital, on Douglass street. Accord
ing to Mrs. Storck's story,- she was
taken to the hospital and,- while suf
fering agonizing pain, was tied hand
and foot and thrown into the cellar by
the resident physician.
An investigation by the detectives
followed, but no evidence to" substanti
ate the woman's tale could be secured.
The attendants-at the hospital averred
she was insane and that while In the
hospital. she never left the ward and
was accorded the beat of treatment.
Wires Secretary of Republican State
Committee That He * Is Grateful
to Party.
Charles E. Snook, secretary of the
Republican State Committee of San
Francisco, received the following mes
sage yesterday. In acknowledgment of
resolutions of indorsement of President
Roosevel t :
"WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON.
March 14. 1D04.— My Dear Sir: The
President has received your telegram
of the 13th inst. and requests me to
convey to you his cordial thanks for
the information It contains. »
"He greatly appreciates the action of
your committee. Very truly yours.
"WILLIAM LOEB JR..
"Secretary to the President"
MRS. RAY' STORCK PASSES -;
AWAY AT HER RESIDENCE
PRESIDENT EXPRESSES HIS
THANKS FOR INDORSEMENTS
Prank Mitchell and Grant Smith Start
a Promisins Singles Match— The.
Day's Scores.
The tennis court3 of the California.
Club were covered with water most of
the day yesterday, but several of the
players by working energetically gut
the water off and played a few sets be
tween showers. Frank 'Mitchell and
Grant Smith started what promised to
be a fast and interesting singles match.
Both players were rather out: of prac
tice, particularly Smith, who had not
played for more than a month. Th3
first set was a lively and an extremely
close one. Smith finally won by an 8-6
score. The second set was - played in
the rain and Mitchell proved much the
better mudlark. In this set Smith
was unable to get a game, the score
being 6-0 in Mitchell's favor. ' r ; : -
R. B. Daggett and Harry . Gabriel
played two close sets, bot'u of which
went to the former by a score of 6-4.
Daggett has been practicing regularly
of late and there is a marked improve
ment in his game.
The only o'ther match played was a
one-set one * between Bradley Wallace
and H. Spring. Wallace won the set,
the score being 6-1.
The players are having the usua'
difficulty getting -used to the new.* balls
for 1904. The first, lot each year are
always lively and consequently hard
to stroke. They are a trifle larger and
heavier this year and will prove more
satisfactory than ever when the players
become accustomed to theml
TENNIS MEN PLAY BETWEEN
SHOWERS OX CLUB COURTS
Rev. John A. B. "Wilson, pastor of the
Market-street Trinity Methodist
Church, delivered a novel sermon to
his flock at the services last night. It
dealt with the labor question and was
the outcome of a letter received by Dr.
Wilson from the executive board, of the
Retail Clerks* Association of this city.
Following is a copy of the letter, which
Dr. Wilson read to those present:
Dear Sir— Knowing you to be Interested and
In sympathy with all questions that affect
the public we. the Retail Clerks' Association
of this city, would like to have you "press
your views upon the subject of that for which
the association Is earnestly contending: namely
the uniform doeing hour for all retail stores
of « o'clock five evenings in the week 10
o'clock Saturday evenings, Sundays and legal
hO A I fs?' S wnat. d 1n 8 your r ?u t d C ment. should be the
right action for the Justice-loving public to
take oi this question. Yours very respectfully,
taKe ° q THEODORE ROSENBACH.
Secretary No. 432. R. S. I. P. A.
The clergyman took the letter as a
theme for his sermon and spoke in part
as follows:
I am Blad of this letter: not only because J
Kvrnn«thize with this contention, which I
certafnly do but because It Is a* It should I be
for tsSL e people to come to the church of God
for an expression of active sympathy with
them In their most reasonable effort .to secure
lot themselves that which justly belong, to
everv man. Time was in the history of the
church when it afforded an asylum for every
nn» In trouble. A man who had no oth*>r
friend ml>.ht find "shelter, food and protection
there I think it U not true to the extent
sunposed by-manv that the church his been
on theVlde of "Him that oppressed the hlre
llns In his .wages and that fear not me. salth
the -Lord." Sure I am that the Bible Is al
wa~« on the side of the poor in every just
ronVention. I want to thank these retail clerks
far knowing in advance that I would speak
for then? They are right: they know It: their
empleyers know it; the great patronizing pub
lic of this generous, fair-play city knows it:
and the three or four hotrs of employers who
would oppress their clerks to take advantasre
of their fair-minded llv»-and-let-live com
petitors know that. their clerks are askine for
only what is equitable and- «ust. They know
also that they, themselves are swine, -with all
four of their feet In the trousb to host all its
contents They do not know that they are
coins to turn the trouch over, however, and
lose it all If. they do not become mori human.
If I knew, the' names of these shyiocks 1
should be strongly tempted . to let you know
As to what' the public* shouM do. " It seems
to me there is but one thing: namely, to pa
tronize the fair-minded merchants who .are
wiPinsr to accept a reasonabls day's work from
their employes, and on- no account to; patronize
the men who want it all and do not carp how
they get It. nor -at whose expense. Let us turn
their trough over. When the hours of closing
are uniform a hardship is worked to no one.
¦\Vhen some refuse to do so." then the others
are compelled- in self-defense, to keep open
also or suffer loss. I hate boycotts, but I love
fair play too well not to deplore lh» ns trnn •
age of these :unfalr- storekeepers by this fair
play-lovln? public, of San Francisco.' It : not
only 'weakens the. cause of the' clerks, hut
shows J» lack of appreciation of those who are
fair and. upright. I shall certainly request the
members of my family to limit -thelrypatron
age'to those who keep In good fntth Jhe hours
requests by - the . Retail Clerks' Association.
After all. the law of love taught by the Savior
Is the only true solution of these correlative
obligations. ' Thou shalt love thy neighbor
NEW YORK, March 20.— At a confer
ence held to-night by Senator Platt,
Governor Odell, the chairman of the
Republican State Committee, and many
other prominent Republicans, after an
exchange. of views and statements by
Senator Platt and Governor Odell, it
was unanimously agreed that Senator
Platt should remain as he has been in
the past, the active leader of the party.
It was further agreed that in contests
for leaderships in the party there
should be no interference in. favor of
or against any one either by Senator
Platt or Governor Odell.
The resultof the conference was
generally interpreted as being equiv
alent ; to a complete settlement of all
points at issue between Governor
Odell and Senator Platt, the basis of
the compact being the acceptance by
the Governor of the offer of „ the
chairmanship of the State Committee.
This is said to have been the point
for which the Governor was contend
ing, and in return for the concession
he willingly:, conceded allegiance to
Senator Platt as the recognized leader
of the Republican organization of the
State. . _ ' . ¦-../¦
Senator Platt after the conference
said:: ' - . -
"The atmosphere has been cleared
absolutely as a result of the plain
talk we had to-day. Republicans in
New York State had. good cause for
alarm up to noon to-day. It looked
as if the party might go \o the" devil,
butall that has been avoided, I do
not think anything could have brought
together the large number of leaders
from all parts of the State which met
with me tq-day and later met the
Governor/ aside from myself and one
or two others who put the success, of
the party, above, all personal consid
erations. " I shall return to Washing
ton to-morrow and about Wednesday
I intend to go 1p Aiken, S. C, for: a
Governor OdelL said: .
'.'I have agreed to accept' the chair
manship of . the Rublican State com
mittee, and will, be found working
side by . side Avith Senator - Platt for
party, success." ';
1. "Are we , to < look to you as our
leader?" inquired a friend.
"No, you are to. look to Senator
Platt," he replied.
Understanding Provides
Neither Leader Shall In
terfere in Any Contests
Takes It for His Subject
and Delivers Interesting
Sermon oh Labor Question
PEACE EEIGNS AGAIN
EEADS COMmiNICATION
Politicians Confer and
Agree That the Senator
Shall Direct the Party
Eev. J. A. B. Wilson of Trin
ity Methodist Church Sym
pathizes With the Clerks
ROSE.. THE CALIFORNIAN,
ESTABLISHES NEW RECORD
Lowers the World's Mark in the Shot
Put, Which Has Stood for
Ten Years.
ANN ARBOR, March 20. — The phe
nomenal feature of the Michigan
freshmen-Detroit University/ school
track meet here last night was the
shot put event, in which Ralph Rose,
a varsity freshman, established a new
world's record with a twelve-pound
ball. He hurled the missile a distance
of 56 feet 3% inches and beat the
former record by 1 foot 1% inches.
This distance of 55 feet 2 inches was
made in 1892 by G. R. Gray of New
York. Rose, who is a Californian, re
ceived an ovation and his team mates
declared him to be in a class by him
self in all the heavyweight events.
ODELL GIVES
WAY TO PLATT
PASTOR FAVORS
EARLY CLOSING
DISCARDED CIGARETTE •• '
STARTS BLAZE AT RUSS
Frightened Guests Are Soon Relieved
of Their Fears by the Timely Ar
rival of Firemen.
Smoke Issuing from one of the rooms
on the upper floor of the Russ House
caused ten minutes of excitement
among the guests of that hostelry yes
terday afternoon and resulted in an
alarm being turned in to the Fire De
partment. -
An investigation developed the fact
that a careless lodger had left- a lighted
Turkish, cigarette lying on a bureau,
down which flames eventually were
communicated to the carpet. The fur
niture in the room was rapidly taking
on a pyrotechnical appearance when
the occupant of an adjoining apart
ment scented smoke and, rushing out
into the hallway, gave the cry of
"fire," which aroused the entire hotel.
For a time there was a small sized
panic In the hotel, but the timely ar
rival of a chemical engine and the
prompt quenching of the blaze soon
pacified the guests, who returned to
their rooms and began to rearrange
their property, which they had hurried
ly gathered together preparatory t»
flight. The damage was about $50.
BASEBALL NINES WILL PLAY
TO-DAY AT RECREATION PARK
Large Sundny Crowd Visits Eighth
Street Grounds, • But Inclement
Weather Prevents Game.
All one needed to prove the eagerness
of the fans to see a ball game after the
long let-up in this city wtu. a trip to
Recreation Park yesterday afternoon,
where Chicago and San ' Francisco
were to have played the first exhibition
game of the season." With' only slight
intervals of clear weather the enthu
siasts still hoped a kind fate would de
cree sunshine at the last moment and
they went to the grounds In hordes de
spite the showers that descended for a
full hour before the time Tor play. At
2 o'clock it was seen the grounds would
be unfit for immediate use and the dark
skies did not portend a decent after
noon, so the crowd was turned back
and the ball tossers returned to their
hotels.
' Manager Harris had a little surprise
up his sleeve, however, and those who
wanted to see the big league club In ac
tion will not be disappointed i if the
weather will permit games to-day and
to-morrow. Manager Selee announced
that he was not due to appear against
Seattle at Sacramento until next Wed
nesday and could stay over here If
Harris cared to show on those dates.
Harris did care and the matches were
straightway arranged,* to be called at
3 o'clock. •/'. ";-T\0
As Harris may be able to dicker for
one or more of Chicago's extra men
the games, will have an added interest.
Selee has not actually given a promise
to that effect, but he has had several
long conferences with the local magnate
and it is known such a thing was dis
cussed. Otto Williams, the young la
fielder, who has been sougnt by several
of the major leagues. Is the one -most
fancied by Harris.
William Clancy, Oakland's new first
baseman, arrived from the East last
night and will Join the team at Hanford
to-morrow. He Js a raw-boned six
footer and comes with the reputation of
being an extra good man. Clancy was
to have joined the Chicago Nationals
this spring and $1000 was offered for
his release, but he chose to play in Cal
ifornia as he did not relish the Idea of
possible bench duty and could not see
where his . opportunity to displace
Captain Frank Chance was brilliant.
MINIATURE YACHTS RACK
OX SPRECIvELS LAKE WATERS
Wind Is That Can Be Desired, but
Rain Interferes With
Pastime.
The members of the San Francisco
Model Yacht Club picked a poor day
for the opening of the racing season
yesterday at Spreckels Lake, Golden
Gate Park. It was an ideal day for
racing as far as the wind was con
cerned, but the rain made it impos
sible to finish all the races.
The honors were carried off by W.
Roeckner's Apache, w£ich won three
out of five races. Second honors went
to B. Jurgen's Bulletin, which won
the other two races.
The Apache also had the distinction
of making the fastest time of the day.
The Piute, owned by Forreft, made
the second best time. The Apache and
Piute are both scows, and not much
to be looked at, but their time was
much better than that of their trim
mer looking rivals.
The racers with their time and own
ers follow: ,
BOAT. OWNER. TIME.
FIRST RACE.
Apache W. Roeckner 6:3.1
Zulu '. L. E. Gandy 7:0:{
Piute Forrest 8:03
Bulletin B. Jurgens 9:19
Maid G. Stevenson 10:55
SECOND RACE.
Bulletin Jurgens 12:08
Piute Forrest 13:51
Apache Rocckner 3:34
Piute Forrest 4:17
Bulletin Jurjrens .'. 6:11
Zulu Gandy 6:40
FOURTH RACE.
Apache Roeckner 3:33
Bulletin Jurgens 5:04
Maid Stevenson. 5:20
Santee Todrt & Adams 5:34
Iris London 5:50
Piute Forrest . . l 6:11
Reliance Christiansen 7:23
FIFTH RACE.
Bulletin Jurcrus 8:43
Zulu Gandy 4:06
Piute Forrest 4:25
Maid. Stevenson 4:27
Apache..... • Roeckner 4:34
Santee Todd & Adams Fouled
A large crowd from this city visited
Jimmy Britt yesterday at his Alameda
training quarters despite the inclement
weather. The Californian went through
his work with a dash and snap which
indicated the high development of his
physical condition. He weighed 134^
pounds before he commenced his work."
In the morning he went on the road for
a short run. He did no boxing, and will
probably cut it out entirely to prevent
possible injury to his hands. He
punched the bag for some time and put
extra steam into his blows.
While Britt's muscles all show the
developing work to which they have
been subjected, the casual visitor is im
pressed particularly with his neck
muscles. These stand out in knots, as
though meant as a possible protection
against a knockout blow.
Britt's arms look big and his should
ers and chest are also impressive. He
has none, of the gauntness which it was
expected would show toward the end of
his training. When he takes off five
pounds, as he probably will have to do
to make sure of his weight on Friday,
he may take on a tucked-up appear
ance. ¦-.;¦'..
He showed great strength yesterday
while roughing it with Frank Rafael.
He forced the latter all. around the im
provised ring and would not let him
make a stand.
Britt kept up a continual fire of fun
ny remarks while he was working. His
favorite proverb is, "The pen is
mightier than the sword, but the box
ing glove brings home the most
money."
Both Britt and Corbett were interest
ed spectators lastv night at the Or
pheum, where moving pictures show
ing the rival boxers in training were
thrown on the screen.
Corbett went on the road yesterday
and covered nearly sixteen miles. He
did no work In the afternoon.
The Sacramento greyhounds starred
at Union Coursing ParK yesterday.
When the deciding course was reached
bath contestants were products of the
capital city. George Nethercott's Barge,
that ever reliable fast one, carried off
the stake, the money, the glory and in
fact everything J that was possible for
a greyhound to win.
Silver Heels, however, was there
strongly and until the red flag was dis
played the spectators were in a quan
dary. The rival hounds raced after
the hare in such a wholehearted and
fearless manner that the spectators
kept up the cheering until the great
course was at an end.
Barge had the speed and that count
ed, for the wet, sodden ground was
bad for the hare. Silver Heels ruled a
favorite at odds of 1 to 2. She was slow
to settle down to work, but when once
started she ran gamely and had a
chance all the time.-
There were sixteen upsets in the first
round. Such fast ones as Sea Lion,
Red Rock, Haughty Helen and others
went down to defeat to the surprise of
the wise bettors. The hares were slow,
owing to the cold weather. A large
crowd was in attendance. Following
are the results, with Judge P. J. Reil
ly's official scores:
First round — Barca beat Aggie W, 6-3;
Friendless Boy beat General Dewet, 6-0;
Frisky Barbara beat Texas Betty, 6-0; Aman
dan beat Ploughman, 4-2; Roy Hughle beat
Rag Time, 4-3; Irvlngton Trale* beat Sir Win
ton. 2-0; Tralee Boy beat Pepper Jack, 4-0;
Hudson beat Easle, 4-2; Fair Tralee beat
Texas Ginger, 6-0; McHenry beat Hamburg.
3-2; Concord Tralee beat Boots, 6-1; Ml Am
igro beat Frisco Lad, 9-4; Emin Bey beat Miss
Green, 0-4; Raby Aurora beat Red Rock, 5-4;
Real Article beat Duhallow, 4-1; Donnybrook
beat Texas Mamie. 18-7; Star Sylvanus beat
Vandal, 6-3; Sempronius beat Pasha 'King,
16-9; Renegade Apache a bye; Free Born beat
Frank Dunn, 9-1; The Referee . beat Black
Coon, 4-3: Sacramento Lass beat Gold Lily.
4-0; Terah beat Yankee Boy, 7-1; High Born
beat Tillle R. 2-0; Silver Heels beat Piker,
6-O; Mollie Me beat Game Boy, 3-1: Pasha
Pleasant beat Cloverdale, 3-0; Lost Chord beat
Sea Lion. 4-0; Racing Auto beat Ruby San
key. 8-0; Mellimvood beat Reta S, 3-0: Mcnlo
Prince beat Haphazard, 5-0; Lord Brazen beat
Haushty Helen, 8-0.
Second round— Bartte beat Friendless Boy,
4-0; Amandan beat Frirky Barbara, 4-3; Roy
Hughie beat Irvington Tralee, 4-0; Tralee Boy
beat McHenry, 2-0; Concord Tralee beat Hud
son, <-3; Fair Tralee beat Ml Amigo. 5-3;
Raby Aurora beat Emin Bey, 4-0; Real Article
beat Donnybrook, 3-2; Sempronius beat Star
Sylvanus, 5-1; Free Born beat Renegade
Apache, 3-2; The Referee beat Sacramento
Lass, 4-2; High Born beat Terah, 10-6; Sliver
Heels beat Mollie Me. 0-0; Pasha Pleasant
beat Lost Chord. 4-3; Melllnwood beat Racing
Auto, 7-2; Lord Brazen beat Menlo Prince,
3-0.
Third round — Barge beat Amandan, 4-0: Roy
Hughle'beat Tralee Boy, 4-0; Fair Tralee beat
Concord Tralee. 3-2: Raby Aurora beat Sem
pronius, 8-1; Real Article beat Free Born. 4-0;
The Referee beat High Born, 9-4; Sliver Heels
beat Pasha Pleasant, 6-1; Lord Brazen beat
Mellinwood, 4-2.
Fourth round— Barge beat Roy Hughie, 4-3;
Fair Tralee beat Raby Aurora. 5-3; Real Ar
ticle beat Tie Referee, 9-7; Silver Heels beat
Lord Brazen, 8-S.
Fifth round — Barce beat . Fair Tralee, 2-0;
Silver Heels beat Real Article, 5-0. !
Decldinz course — Barge beat Silver Heels,
8-6-
Michael Egan, the Jersey City'hand
ball expert, who is here to play Cham
pion Fitzgerald for the world's cham
pionship, took part in a four-handed
game at the Olympic Club yesterday,
and the big crowd present watched him
with deep Interest. Egan did . not ex
tend himself during the game, but at
times showed himself fast on his feet
and possessed of a qulckeye. He used
his left hand with as much skill as his
right and drove the ball with unerring
aim. The ball struck the front wall as
if shot from a rifle, and the Impact
echoed throughout the court. : Egan had
J. C. Nealon for a partner, and they
defeated Alderman James Dunne and
Al Hampton the best two out out of
three games. . • •- •
The sale of seats for next -Sunday's
contest is large. Al Hampton has only
twenty seats left, and standing room
will be at a premium. Fitzgerald did
not play yesterday. He is in: perfect
condition. The members will pay $5 a
seat to see the champions perform next
Sunday and the following Sunday.
"When the championship Is decided the
pair will play exhibition games for the
members of the club and ., their fair
friends. ,
As a. preliminary to the big contest
next Sunday Henry Corey and Jimmy
White will play Midgy Magulre and
Joe Collins. The following Sunday
Henry Corey and Louis Levy, the
Oylmplc Club experts, will contest with
Joe Condon of the Occidental Handball
Club and Al Leach of the St. Ignatius
Athletic Club. Corey and Levy defeat
ed Condon and Mahoney last Wednes
day night.
A match game between Corey and
White and Levy and Maguire was
played yesterday, and the former won
by one point. It was a game of crip
ples. Corey's shoulder was out, Maguire
had a sore finger. White was suffering
from a bad "mit" and Levy's right
hand was badly bruised. In the final
game Levy and Maguire led and had
20 to their opponents' 10. White and
Corey took a brace and won out amid
great cheering.
J. C. Nealon, the veteran, and Alder
man Dunne, Phil Casey's side partner,
played a single-handed game, and when
the score stood 20 to 20 Scorer Jack
Gleason called it a draw. The two'men
played remarkably well and were heart
ily applauded. Following were the
scores of yesterday's games:
Egan and. NeaJ° n • l^~7l~?l
Dunne and Hampton - 21 — 18— lo
J. C. Nealon ... i •"••£?
Alderman Di'nne of New York SO
White and Corey 21 ~P — i 1
Levy and Maguire 18—21—20
The condition of the weather was en
tirely against good marksmanship yes
terday. The alternating dark and light
with heavy showers of rain kept the
riflemen busy adjusting their sights for
a center shot. The attendance of shoot
ers at. Schuetzen Park was far greater
than was expected under the condi
tions.
Joseph Straub, an old-time member
of the California Schuetzen Club was
the winner of the best bullseye with
257 points; he was closely followed by
Adam Brehm with 323.
In the Turners shooting section Otto
Burmeister was high man in the medal
shooting with 198 rings, followed by
Captain F. Attinger with 196.
In the bulseye contest of the Grutli
shooting section Charles Muller was
high man and won the Adam Brehm
medal. V\ ;i \ , *.-,' • ~
Edward H. Benjamin, one of the vet
eran sharpshooters of the State, made
his appearance on the range and took
part in the proceedings of the Califor
nia Schuetzen Club. He demonstrated
by his good scores that he was still
a master of the rifle.
The opening rifle tournament of the
season will be held at Schuetzen Park
on the first Sunday in April. The pro
gramme is an attractive one and
marksmen are eagerly looking forward
to the event.
The special prize presented for bulls
eye shooting by Philo Jacoby was won
by H. Scheunert with 820 points.
The scores made by the different par
ticipants follow:
California Schuetxan, Club monthly bullser*
shoot — First. James' Straub, 257; second.
Adam Brehm. 323; third. M. F. Blasse 425;
fourth. Chris, Meyer. 450; fifth. M. F. Hartter,
510; sixth. A! Studer. 595; L. Tblerbach 600;
F. von Wye, 640; George Tammeyer. 72S: T. J.
Carroll, 746; W. F. Blasse, 762; F. AtMnger,
770; H. Diehl. 783; Ed Englander. »9.; H.
Scheunert. S20; Aug. Jungblut, 852: W.
Nolden. 837; A. Rahwyler. 829. H. Enare, 93«;
P. Jacoby. 970; F. Werlen. 1000; Otto Bremer.
1046; Max Kolander, 1002; A. Strecker. 1091;
L. J Reuboid. 1092; J. E. Klein, 1209; J. L.
Utschlg 1236: F. D. Smith. 1246; George
Ahrens, 126»; Emll Woenne. 1344; J. Kullmann,
149S; John Jones, 1467; J. C. Waller. 180t!:
John Boiler. 1600; C. Peach. 2085: C. Sagehorn.
2041; John Horstmann, 1997; O. Burmelster.
1.1S2; M. Reubcld. 2308; L. Rink, 2400: W.
Barber. 1146; William McCracken. 253.V. A.
UtBchig. 1420;- W. Remensperger^ 1874; Frank
Brt-mer, 1041; F. Relde. 2448.
San Francisco Turners' Schuetzen. monthly
medal shoot — T. J. Klatze, 18(5. 152; W.
Nolden. 122, 100; F. Hesserschmidt, R7, 67;
C. Sagehorn. 137. 172: Charles Peach. 165. 177;
Joseph Straub. 150, 165; B. Jonas, 180: Otto
Burm-ister. 1«3, 19S; A. Furth. 42, 75: J.
Mahr 150. 147; D. Davidson, 98, 58; August
Jur.gblut. 171. 190; F. Attinrer. 196. 190; C.
Xellsen. 139. 1S2; Captain F. Kommr. 1SS,
169: C. Abraham. 142. 155; H. Knge, 191, 180;
A. Utfchisr. 142, 147: A. Brehm, 76, 116.
GrutH Shooting Section, monthly bullsey»
shoot — Charles iluller. F. Werlen. Joseph,
Furrer. E. Suter. G. R. Hauser. A. von Wye.
L. Hauser. O. Imdorf. The©. Slmmen, E.
Defilllppl. £*= t
The Oakland Hornets turned up yes
terday at the Presidio athletic grounds
for their penultimate match In the Cal
ifornia Association Football League
championship series with an incom
plete team. The match was forfeited to
the Thistles and a friendly game of two
half-hour periods was played, J. D.
Robertson acting as referee, with T.
Hunter and F. Lynch as linesmen.
The ground vaa in exceedingly poor
condition for play, the water standing
in deep pools in many places. It was
almost impossible for the players to
keep their footing, and fine play was
out of the question. Though the This
tles had several shots at goal neither
they nor their opponents scored. The
team3, neither of which was complete,
lined up in the following positions:
Oakland Hornets. Positions. Thistles.
C. V. Williamson. .".Goalkeeper Lowa
Moriscn Left back Trerney
Duquesne Right back." Forrest
Cowell i*ft halfback Taylor
Pomeroy Center halfback. ...Duncan
Pomeroy Right halfback. .McGregor
Bov.-cocic Outside left. .. .Drummoni
McKenzie Inside left McKendry
Shand 'Center forward.. T. Lydon
Gillchrest Inside rt;ht Smith
Goodlet Outside right Smith
In the semi-final round for the Califor
nia Association football union cup the
Independents defeated the Occidentals
two goals to nothing. The match con
sisted of two periods of forty-five min
utes each. Arthur Robinson was ref
eree, with J. D. Robertson and H. R.
Gillchrest as linesmen. The match was
stopped for a few minutes on account
of heavy rain, but was resumed. Dur
ing the first period, which began at 3
o'clock, neither side was able to score,
though the Independents had several
shots at goal, A. E. Chivers doing
splendid work in saving. In the second
period T. Fay and Duncanson got one
each past the clever goalkeeper. The
Fay brothers, as usual, played a strong
game, In which they were well support
ed by Duncanson and Mechels. The In
dependents will play the final tie for
the cup next Sunday against the This
tles. In yesterday's match the teams
lined up in the following positions:
Independents. Positions. Occidentals.
Forbes Goalkeeper Chivers
Lynch Left back Smith
Armstrong Rlsht back Milnt*
McGran Left halfback Hlirglna
Mechels Center halfback Lloyit
Duncanson Right halfback. ..Fereus^n
E. Fay Outside left Evans
"Watt Inside left P. Lydon
P. Fay Center forward Grade
T. Fay Inside right Condon,
Russell Outside right. .F. Holland
- ;'y f (Captain.)
In spite .of the threatening weather
and the Icy wind a goodly number of
spectators watched the match to the
end.
In th« open stake at Ingleside Cours
ins Park yesterday E. Reddy's courser
Full Moon showed he is possessed of an
abundance of Btamina as well as great
speed.
After beating: the fast Presidio Boy
in the second round it fell to his Uot
to go against Viking for three unde
cided trials before he could have his
colors raised. In the next round in a
course with Rector it looked easy for
the dog from the Eastern kennels. The
talent was so sanguine that their Judg
ment was right that 5 to 1 was auoted
on his chances. ]
Full Moon, to the surprise of all, just
ran away from his opponent and be&t
him by a score of 6—1. Later he went
out to Reckless Acrobat, the ultimate*
winner, after holding him well to the
hare.
Reckless Acrobat led everything he
met In the stake and was the best dosr
in the going. Homer Boy, the runner
up, also showed to good advantage.
Following are the day's results., with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
Open stake, second round — Viking; beat Rolla
Wells. 5-2; Full Moon beat Presidio Boy, 5-1;
Gambit beat Jlgamoroo. 6-0; Rector beat
Queen's Motto. 5-0: Orslna beat Toronto. 10-B;
Fenli beat Wattles, 5-0: Little Plunger beat
Lily York. 3-0; Reckless Acrobat beat Una,
.VO; Fairy Belle beat Haddlnston, 6-1; Doc
Bums beat Van Nora, 6-1; Yellowtail beat
Aurelia, 3-0; Clover Blossom beat Prometbeus,
;{-2; Commercial Traveler beat Colored Lady,
r>-4; Princess Savoy beat Heredlne, 4-0; Money
Musk beat Lulu Girl. 4-0; Oonroy beat Fox
huuter, 3-0; J E H . beat Our Minnie. 9-3;
Ragged Actor beat Touns Fearless. 3-0; Merry
go-round beat Medley. 5-0; Little Mercy beat
Balendine, 11-4; Pepper Hill beat Ouida. 7-0:
Vina beat Mark Twain, 5-0; Homer Boy beat
Texas Hoo Hoo. 7-0; Crawford Belle beat Lit
tle Lucy, 5-2.
Third round — Full moon beat Viking. 6-1:
Rector bent Gambit. 18-1; Orsina beat Fenil,
5-3; Reckless Acrobat beat Little Plunger, 6-3;
Doc Burns beat Fairy Belle, 5-0; Clover Blos
som beat Yellowtall, 9-2; Princess Savoy beat
Commercial Traveler, 8-1; Money Musk beat
Conroy. 2-0; Ragged Actor beat J E II. 5-2;
Little Mercy beat Merry-Go-Round, 3-2: Pepper
Hl'.l boat Vina. 5-0; Homer Boy bcslt Crawford
Belle, 5-3.
Fourth round — Full Moon beat Rector, 6-1;
Reckless Acrobat beat Orslna. 6-1; Doc Burns
beat Clover Blossom. 6-3: Princess Savoy beat
Money Musk. 4-1; Ragged Actor beat Little
Mercy. 7-0; Homer Boy beat Pepper Hill, 3-1.
Fifth round -*- Reckless Acrobat beat Full
Moon, 3-0; Doc Burns beat Princess Savoy, 8-1;
Homer Boy beat Ragged Actor, 4-2.
Sixth round — Reckless Acrobat beat Doc
Burns. 5-1; Homer Boy a bye.
Deciding course — Reckless Acrobat' beat
Homer Boy, 4-2.
Many Fast Hounds Lose in
First Round and Cause
Surprise Among Bettors
Changing Light on . Tar
gets Necessitates Frequent
Adjustment of Sights
With the Easterner as a
Partner He Defeats Hamp
ton and N Alderman Dunne
Association Footballers
Flounder Through Sea
of Mud in Two Games
Reckless Acrobat Defeats
Httiiier Boy in the Final
at the Ingleside Park
FAVORITES WIN OFTEN
HORXETS FORFEIT GAME
COKBKTT OX THE ROAD
The Little Champion Goes ah
Unusual Distance for His
Day's Conditioning Work
Walter Jegnings will have more than
$30,000 to his credit -when he ships his
racing ctable to NeW York. The horses
carrying the white with red stripes
have won $29,150 since' the opening of
the New California Jockey Club's sea
eon. M. J. Daly, who is en route to
Memphis, is second on the list with
513,^50. D. S. Fountain has a total of
$10,600 and Harry Stover is fourth with
$7750.
The New California Jockey Club has
distributed about 5320,000 in stakes and
purses and more than seventy owners
have won sums exceeding $1000. Among
the leading winners are:
W B. Jennings. *2>.I50; M. J-. Daiy. $13,-
BSO; D £. fountain. fl(».«OO: H. Stover. $7750;
C C Mc'^rrt-rly. .<73Oo; B. Schreiber, (72SO;
J. J. HcA letter. *«1SU; Burns & Waterhcuse.
fTlflO: Parker i- Thwalte, $«>COO: ain=. J. Cof
fey. 1*550; Mr ton Jones. $6K>0; S. S. Bender
& Co., 12500; II. E. How-ell, $5T.iX>: T. G. Fer
eu*on. f.".;.(X); W". Itsher, *42i(); W. P. Ma
cran? &: Cp.. $-»275; Boots & Hollenback,
J4O(>!; Rianchi A Co.. $3UOo; FraJik Skinner.
V395C; C«esar Vouur, $3*>0t>; Hamilton Stable,
J3&OO; X«->a StOfk r,arm. f^OOt': J. F. Nt»
man, I3SSS; Thomas & Reavey, $32u'J; Lamas
n»j- Bros.. $33">»; \V. C. Vivell, $S500: H.
Green. $3100; S. Judge & Co.. f3O25: T. J.
Well man, ?3(«M>: E. W. Fitzgerald. $2300: John
I> Millin, rSti^J; E. Ti»rney. $2700: C4 \V.
Chaj"-. H. T^rttiO; R. A. Smith. ?2f>25: L.. A.
B:a*in~*ri»» & Bro.. $24O<>; John F. Schorr,
|3«0»; H. W. Hoac. ?235O; J. C. Nealon.
f^37.'.; J. ouinlan. ?U325: L. Kempner, ?22W;
A. F. Dayton & Co.. f2150: P. Ryan. $2125;
F. XL l^nterman. ?21t»C: W. B. Sink Jr.,
f21C<>; C. T. Htr.shall, $2000.
Two handicaps with a value of $1000
ea'h will be decided this week at Oak
land. They are for three-year-olds and
upward and will bring together some of
the best horses here. One at a mile and
a sixteenth will be a feature of Wed
nesday's card, while on Saturday there
wii! be another at a mile and seventy
yards.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Futurity course, four-year-olds
eni up. »e!llnK. ,
<C567)P!aiktborn <Fin*iO 110
ISC* -Quiz II <McCafTtrtj) l^
«T*1 Pcssart (Cast) 110
<-"7S TKip Me <iiadis*on) 105
<f£.ViT;tus (Mech) 103
O7S Tuto Gratiot <\VIIkerson) ICG
<J3S'J 'My Pun-rls*- < Mounce ) OS
Second race — Six and a half furlong* three
jear-o'dp &nd up, celling.
«na up. «!lir.g.
fioi'S Mountrbanh (Keating) 104
€390 'Reeves < Lamasney Brcs.) J'9
C3f<S f'aptlvatt (Dian«-hi & Co.) KK5
tew t«Oaianthu$ (Ccffey) I* 1 -"!
5^01 Harry Thafher (Mrs. Hastings) 104
?;TT«1 'Hji.'crd <Stover> J»T.
C2Z'J *«'ro Viva tHolton) 105
Third race — Six furlor.s*s, three-year-olds,
f*Oir>*r.
«::74 !4arka <Wt!!msn) 103
<*rs?7)Tr?:y Grandfja (Coftey) 103
«"3s.«. iiurtxn iKowell* 1C«?
rnffi •« ounty Down <Ha?l:*ll> 100
fiKt Mid»jy • Pj^dnron t Stable) 103
C4f"2 'Box l^ider < Mor*n ) 1 <K>
eif'l .lack Littie (Fine) 105
Fourth "race— One and an eighth miles;
thr^e-ycsr-olds and up; sellir.gr:
6391 Ar.irad (Coffey) 88
fiST.3 Hcrton <EIanchi & Co.) ;. 112
<<r?3I)*Gat<=w*y dvOttrMce) »2
(«37<l*Dusty Millar <-=h»rldan 93
• ?>341i!"h:rkai!»« > ¦ (Rafour) '. Ill
<O",Sf >*lrt'£:o iMc<7a{Ti»rty) u<H
637t- 'Silurian iLamasney Bros.) 1OG
Fifth race — Mil*; four-year-olde and ur;
C374 'Rone (L«masn*y Bro^.) 04
*Pcnri! :,Ie «Ryan> ion
fS.C'2 You-ip Morello 'Pcharetg) ion
<ZTM »Matt1e Clark (Dayton & Co.) »4
?K2S "fc"if*nvin* < Stover) yg
fi.*J7<i Tjnrni <MaTi2Hr;t ...10 s
fi37.% Petrolia "McCarthy) «.»
«V:74 Elrrer L <Klunder» 1OS
CT74 Pa«t Master <McAle*ter 105
*Tt£O Rim Rook <JoneM 108
fi?9S In-j-rcrniJlu (Painter) 104
EixtU race— Seven furlcnss; three-year-olds;
purre:
BUS Hf-d Orr.f* Nurse <TTe!lmar) 102
O343 Salanus (Jenninrf) 107
«fi.'{<V7(T»rd Wadsworth fFergruson) 112
63*3 Celebrant (Hamilton Stable) 107
•AprrentlCT allowance.
PEOSABLE WIITJIEKS.
First race — Quiz IX, My Surprise, Poi
eart.
Eeecni race — Oalantb.ni, Keevet. Hul
fcr*.
TfcirtS race— Fozr Grandpa, Harbor.
Jacv kittle.
Fourth race — A.=irafl. Gateway, Silu
rian.
Fifth race— Blm Bock. Young- Morello,
Past Master.
Eixtli race — Lord ¦WRflrvrorth. Cele
brant. Solacns.
California Jockey Club
Distributes Vast Sum
of $320,000 to Owners
DALY SECOND ON LIST
WINNER A SHORT ENDER
NEALOX PLAYS WELL
WEATHER IS ADVERSE
Hwrses Sporting Colors of
the Popular Turfman Take
3Ianv Stakes and Purses
Pleases a Large Attend
ance of Friends [That
Visits Him at Alameda
Work of the Handball Player
Is "Eagerly Noted by
the Olympic Club Men
San Francisco Team Wlps
Way Into Final Roimd
for Football Union Cup
After Severe Running in
Previous Rounds
Out Rector Quite Easily
Scores the Best Bullseye in
the California Schuet
zen Club Competition
Sacramento Dogs Display
Speed and Gameness in
Last Course of the Day
FAST COURSER
IS FULL MOON
JENNINGS STILL
RETAINS LEAD
BRITT TRAINS
IN GOOD FORM
BARGE DEFEATS
SILVER HEELS
EG AN 'S METHOD
SUITS EXPERTS
STRAUB SHOOTS
IN GOOD FORM
INDIES BEAT
OCCIDENTALS
SPORTS OF THE TRACK, THE RING AND THE COURSING FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ. MONDAY; , MARCH 21. 1904.
is thyself." And "Whatsoever ye would that
mm should do unto you do y» ev«>n so unto
them, for tlii3 13 the law and the prophet*."
Leipsic's new railway station cost
ISft.OQO.OflO marks ($32,000,000). Of
this sum, Prussia and Saxony contrib
ute 52.000,000 mart*
There is one milch cow to every
four inhabitants in the United States.
George, Fred Williams for Hearst.
BOSTON, March 20.— In a "signed
statement " sent -to the press to-night
f ormer Congressman George Fred
.Williams announces his ; endorsement
of W. i R. ' Hearst's - candidacy j for the
Democratic presidential V nomination.
Mr. » Williams adds that he Intends to
wage'a contest In thi3 State in behalf
of the 'candidate. ¦
Claim Boxing Law Is ; Violated.
The officials^ of the Pacific: Athletic
Association sent a letter to the Super
visors . on. Saturday /calling the. atten
tion ; of the board to the , by
the amateur, fight club > managers • of
the- city ordinance .'governing: boxing
contests. The boVrd is asked to~ with-'
hold* further : permits until ; the matter
has been investigated. • . ; :
Tennis Championship Stopped.
A large crowd was on hand to witness
the tennis finals , in doubles for the
Alameda County championship yester
day at the ; East Oakland courts, t- The
first set was linished but the snatch had
to be postponed before the second had
been more than started. ;¦'•
; MacGavin and Variel, the crack team
from , the r UnIversity of California, 'were
right on edge."'
Colored Barber Nominated.
8TO SAIL.
Mankind's Narrow Kscape.
Pd modern conveniences though
we may roam,
ever so high toned, it's no place
like home,
charm of the janitor palls' on us
there *
Which, seek through the world, we
don't meet with elsewhere.
. Home? Ho-ome? Call this a home?
Ii's no place like ho-ome! It's no-o
place like home!"
John Howard Payne had written
thus far. and was about to attack the
second stanza, when a misgiving
struck him like a wet blanket.
"No," he said. "If I turn It out in
that shape Pattl .will sing it as a
* topical song!"
' . So. with a shudder, he tore it up and
wrote in its stead the immortal dog
gerel with which everybody Is fa
miliar.— -Exchango. ; <
Vcsctable Blood Poisoning.
Twelve years ago a pr6fessional gar
dener of. my acquaintance, says a
writer in the County Gentleman, found
a slight Irritation in -his fingers
after pitting up some Primula ob
conlca. It seemed a matter of little
moment at the time, so he thought no
more of It, especially as he felt no
further inconvenience all through the
summer of that year. The following
spring it recurred at the time the sap
rises In the trees and every year since
the same Inconvenience has asserted
Itself, despite the use of blood puri
fiers, dressings and all sorts of med
ical i treatment. Doctors are agreed
that it Is a form of . vegetable blood
poisoning which Is susceptible to - no
known remedy.— London Glob*.
j Steamer. Destination. . ¦ Sails. Pier.
~~ Marcli 21. ~~
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports, 2 pm Pier 20
Spokane.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 6
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
UmatUla... Puget Sound Ports. U am Pier a
Karen 22.
Coronado. . Grays Harbor. ...... _ 4 pm pier 10
Elizabeth.. Coquille River. . '5 pm Pier 20
Jeanle Seattle & Taeoma. 3 pm Pier 20
March 23. 1
Newburg... Orays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt .l:30pPler 0
Siberia China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
March 24. .
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 1
Marcli 25.
Rainier. . . . Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata..... <^°°s B - & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Anubls..... Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19
Nevadan... Hono.' & Kahulul. 3 pm Pier. 23
Marcli 26. ¦ ", \ ¦
Colon...... N - *. vla Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
March 28.
Oregon..... Astoria* Portland 11 am Pier 24
March. 30. *.- -?- ->.*
Centennial. Seattle & Taeoma. 2 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor Us pm Pier 10
! ... . March 31. . ,
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE. •
Steamer. ¦ r For. . Sails.
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 22
City of Seattle Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 23
Alki. ......... Skagway & Way Port*. Mar. 25
Cottage City. . Skagrway & Way Ports. Mar. 28
FaraUon Ekagway & Way Ports. Mar. 29
"To keep his tail from • dragging on
the ground, the road* are so dirty," —
Dublin News.
An inspector of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals sum
moned a farmer fo*r working his don
key in' an unfit state. When charged
before the magistrate with cruelty to
the animal, the farmer said:
• "There's nothing wrong with him.
He's only a bit proud."
"But the Inspector'^ says he was* so
lame he had to walk on his tiptoes."
"Yes; he often does that."
"But if the donkey was not lame, why
did he*walk on his tiptoes?" "v^;
A Comical Ass.
Back in the seventies, when Dewey
had command of a ship of the old
Hartford type, he was lying in the
harbor off Genoa. Visitors were al
lowed on board at all times except
Sunday morning, at which time in
spection took place. One Sunday a
well known American millionaire
ateamed out with a party of friends
in hi3 private yacht and succeeded in
getting on . deck, where he was met
by Captain Dewey, who asked. him to
leave. Mr. Money remonstrated, and, 1
finally, exasperated by the cool firm
ness of the officer, he burst out: \
"No, sir, I won't leave. I am an
American citizen and have a perfect
right on this, vessel. I pay taxes in
America; I am on my own property;
part of this ship belongs^o me!"
Calmly Dewey opened his penknife,
stooped down, split off a piece of the
deck flooring. Handing it to the in
censed American citizen he replied:"
"That's about what you own, and
there's the ladder — -now grit!"
And he got — Lippincott's.
Gnve Him His Share.
The state of things now prevalent
In the relations between the people
themselves of many parts of the Bal
kan Peninsula may be described
roughly as Christianized barbarism.
Murders are committed by one tribe or
family nominally Christian, against
another, and the murderers walk
unmolosted provided they can keep
clear of the victim's relatives, who
would wreck vengeance, not only on
the murderer's • relatives, but even
against his fellow tribesmen or co
religionists. The truth is, as the Bul
letin d'Orient pomts out. that the Mirl
dites, the Malissoris and other sections
of people are still, in all essential
characteristics, barbarous and almost
semi-savage. — -London Globe.
Christianized Barbarism.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Elizabeth Coquille River Mar. 21
Jcanle Seattle & Taeoma. .... Mar. 21
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Taeoma Mar. 21
Anubls Seattle Mar. i!l
G. W. Elder.. Taeoma & Astoria Mar. 21
Cmtralla Grays Harbor Mar. 21
Edith Taeoma Mar. 21
Coptic China & Japan Mar. 21
Hero Oyster Harbor Mar. 21
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom.'. . Mar. 21
Bute of Cat.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 21
Pomona Humboldt Mar.' 21
Coon Bay San Pedro & Way Pw. Mar. 21
Coronado. San Pedro Mar. 22
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 22
Senator ¦ Puget Sound Ports.... Mar. 'Z'l
Tltanla Nanaimo > Mar. 22
Arcata ' Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 23
Tellus.. Oy«ter Harbor Mar. 21
Spokane .. Humboldt Mar. 24
City Sydney.. New Tor): via Panama. Mar. 24
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 24
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 26
Centennial...' Seattle & Taccma Mur. 25
Oregon Portland & Astoria Mar. 25
Amasis Hamburg & Way Pts. Mar. 23
O. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Mar. 20
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Mar. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 27
Alaskan New ,York Mar. 27
Alameda Honolulu |Mar. 23
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria... .IMar. 30
TO ARRIVE,
Movements of Steamers.
It occurred to a writer in the
Rochester Post-Express to apply
President Harper's test qualification of
a good college professor to other oc
cupations.. He did so. with amazing
results. It will be remembered that
Mr. Harper said of a college professor:
First--He should be married.
Second— He should be a church mem
ber.
Third— He should mix with the stu
dents outside the classrooms.
Fourth — He should have a doctor's
degree.
Fifth— He should be willing to work
hard eleven months in the year.
Sixth — He should be in sympathy
with the public and take an active part
in public affairs.
This* ie a curious list of qualifications,
says the Post-Express, and every one
of them looks more like an incidental
than an essential thing. Let us see
how far they are "characteristic of a
college professor only. Take the case
of a brewer:
First— He should be married.
Second— He should be a church mem
ber.
Third — He should mix with his work
men outside the brewery.
Fourth— He should have a certificate
of apprenticeship in the art and mys
tery of brewing.
Fifth— He should be willing to work
hard eleven months in the year.
Sixth— He should, be in sympathy,
with the public and take an active part
in public affairs.
The formula seems to fit like a glove.
Try it on a circus manager:
First — Hft should be married.
Second— He should be a church mem
ber.
Third— He should mix with the show
men outside the tent. ;
Fourth— He should have a doctor's
degree.
Fifth— He should be willing to work
hard eleven months In the year.
Sixth— He should be in sympathy
with th<» public and take an active part
in public affairs.
President Harper's Test.
Henry Clay Evans is back in Wash
ington for the first time since he went
to London as Consul General of the"
United States. He says he finds Amer
ican ways decidedly more to his liking
than some of those on the other side,
and he is not getting rapidly used to
his new surroundings. There are
some tricks of speech that especially
annoy him. He fails to see why they
should speak of the "goods van run
ning off the metals," when they mean
that the freight car had run off the
track, and he hasn't got used yet to
London newspapers.
Evans has never had quite a fair
chance in the political game in Wash
ington. He was a candidate for Vice
President In the St. Louis convention
of 1S96, and he withdrew on a promise
that he should be given a place In Mc-
Kinley's Cabinet. When the time came
to cany out the promise it was inex
pedient to do so, and Evans was put at
the head of the Pension Office, where
he quickly made himself so obnoxious
to the pension attorneys and the pen
sion seekers that McKlnley had to
promise to let him go. It remained for
the present administration, hpwever,
to send him to London, where his Ag
gressive American habit of mind keeps
him In a state of pretty constant irri
tation with his surroundings.— New
York Globe.
; K\-ans on English Idioms.
Fellnlty finds its competent expres
sion in the genuine English tile cat.
There is, to my mind, nothing like the
same attraction in the petted Persians
uf the parlor beyond the fact that they
are cats of a kind. Not having to en
dure the rough-and-tumble life, they
lose their individuality and their char
acter, just as human beings do. They
love the cream pot more than the per
son who cares for them. The darlings
of the drawing-room, too, often are
greedy, conceited, irritable and selfish.
Has the cat a conscience? I am com
pelled to confess that I am rather
doubtful en that point. Let us leave it
on the basis that a cat is a true woman
and that fhe can dissemble passing
well. It is 'not her fault if she develops
a liking for the family canary and lor
the goldfish, nor if after eating a brace
of the latter she comes with an in
scrutable look of innocence on her face
and asks for milk. — Chicago Record -
Herald,
Another point in the complex charac
ter of the cat is her capacity for jeal
ouey. There is never Jealousy without
love, and this may be added to the
proofs of the cat's capacity for af
fection so strenuously denied by super
ficial observers. I have seen a cat de
liberately plan punishment for a dog
that was receiving more than she con
sidered his fair share of attention at
her mistress' hand?. She sprang on his
back, fixed her claws in his coat and
tame back with an air of reproach to
•\\aid her mistress after the dog had re
tired to a safe distance.
Cat's Jealousy and Revenge.
Details which are now transpiring as
to the avalanche which cost the lives of
six French soldiers bear another touch
ing tribute to the saving intelligence of
a dog. But for the sagacity of this
faithful animal the death roll must
have been doubly greater than it was.
After the rescue of the men entombed
the troops formed themselves into two
parties, one of which went forward in
the darkness at once with the Injured.
Luckily Captain Bartoli, who com
manded, had with him a small pocket
lamp. This gave light enough for the
leading rank to march by. The second
party had no such aid and were In a
desperate plight, when Captain Bartoli
had an inspiration. "Stop! Stop!" he
called,' and his dog crouched at his feet.
Attaching a string to the collar the
captain said, "Forward, Stop," and the
column marched behind the dog
through the dark. At dangerous points
the dog often had to turn back to find
the tracks of the first column, but It
always did find them, and at last led
the column to safety. — London GIbbe.
Canine Sagacity.
The storrq off the mouth of the Columbia
River last evening ha« moved slowly pastwanJ
and this evening overlips Southern Utah and
the eaKtern slope of the Rocky Mountains.
Cloudy weather prevails over the Pacific slope
and rain has fallen In all districts.
A thun'ler-storm la reported from Eureka.
There has been a decided fall In the tem
perature over the country wwt of the- Rocky
Mountain!*, and freezing weather Is reported
from Nevada.
Th« river has risen slightly at Sacramento
ar>cl San Joaquln bridge and fallen slowly at
other points.
Snow Wl on Mount Tamalpais during the
day. '
ForecaRt made at San Francisco for thirty
hour3 ending midnight. March 21 :
Northern California — Cloudy, with showers
Monday; fresh west wind.
St'Uthsrn California — Cloudy, with showers
Morday: Hpht north wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with rain or snow.
Pan Frsnclrco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday,
with showers: fresh west wind.
O. II. WII,LSON, Local Forecaster.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 20—5 p. m.
The following are. the seasonal rainfalls to
(into, as eomnared with those of same <late last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, srason. season.
Eureka 0.54 4».9{ 47.20
Red BiufT 0.00 23.63 21.12
Sacramento 0.10- l'S.S7 13.38
San Francisco 0.12 17. 11 16.»«V
Fresno 0.24 4.SO . «i.78
Independence 0.02 1.7K 1.82
San Luis Oblspo 0.20 10. S7 U.M
Ixis Angeles 0.3C 5.32 10.22
San Diego 0.14 2.00 9.78
: THE COAST RECORD.
i iff o : = <| sf 3 '
STATIONS. Z Sg i*3 : a =f »
¦» o a a • o 7 —
- : <= c \ - j §
Baker . ...29.SS 38 32 NW Pt.Cldy .14
Carson . ..*. . .2J>.fi« 31 2tl S Snow .12
Eureka ..40 .64
Farallon :»9.Sd 48 45 W Cloudy .21
Fresno 4<5 ...
FlaestofT 2SI.4S 42 38 SW Cloudy .2<>
Independence .20.58. 54 44 NW Pt.Cldy .02
Los Angeles.. 20. 1<i as 54 SW Cloudy ..!•!
Mt TamalpaU.2U.S4 40 34 W Cloudy .44
Phoenix 2ft. 5S 7H tt) SW Clear
Portland 2!*. 64 44 :{.S SW Cloudy .48
Point Rejes...29.fiO 50 37 NW Cloudy .11
Rod Bluff 29.78 52 40 SE Pt.Cldy . .
Rnseburg 2». 76 44 34 SW Cloudy .56
Sacramento . .2S.S4 50 4«i W <1oudy .lfi
Salt Lnke 2!t.0ti 36\S2 I SE Clear .40
San Diego 20.00 K0 54 NW Cloudy .16
San Francisco.29.no 50 44 W . Cloudy .12
San L. Obispo. 29.02 54 4tl W Pt.Cldv .2t".
Seattle 2!».54 44 38 S Cloudy" !24
Swokane 2i».»fi 44 32 SW Cloudy .42
Ttntoosh. .....29.18 44 88 SW Cloudy .23
AValla \V;illa.20.?><i 4fi MS SW Pt.Cldy .OS
Wlnnemuccn .2fl.C8 ,T4 24 W Cloudy .t>4
Yuma 2?».68 78 <I4 W Pt.Cldy ...
Weather Report.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to .San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — Tbe high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point;, the height
of tide is the same at both places. .>
J MONDAY. MARCH 21.
Sun risea 6:13
Sun sets 6:22
Moon rises 10:43 p. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
? H W L W H W L W
81 1:34 5.lj 8:07 0.7 2:47 4.S 8:04 JTS
22 2:12 6.2 0;02 0.6 3:60 4.0 8:53 2.7
"3 a -02 5.2)10:00 0.51 5:02 3.9 9:58 2.9
24 4'0:i 6.111:13 0.5 6:17 4.0 11:12 3.0
25 5:07 5.112:17 0.4 7:22 4.3
L Wl II W L W H W
26 0:27 2.9 6:22 5.1 1;1S 0.2 8:20 4«
27 1:38 2.6 7:37 5..1J 2:13 0.2| 9:07 - 60
NOTE — In the above exposition or the tides
tbe early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time:_th»
fcurth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tldea, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the. United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
slcn precedes the height, and then the' number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 20— Stmr
New York, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 20— Stmr
Etrurla from Liverpool, for New York
NEW YORK— Arrived v March 20 — Stmr
Norge. from Copenhagen, Chrtstlanla and
Chrlstlantand. . .
OCEAN STEAMERS
VICTORIA— Sailed March 19— Stmr Senator,
for San Francisco.
Arrived March 19— Stmr Shawmut. from
Hongkong-.
HONOLULU— Sailed March ¦ 1!)— Br stmr
Moana. for Vancouver; bktn S G Wilder, for
San Francisco; Chll ship Othello, for Puget
Sound. March 20 — Bktn Geo C PerktnF. for
Eureka.
Arrived March 20— Ektn Archer. hence
Feb 18. ,
ELEELE— Arrived March IS— Schr Rosa
mond, from Kahulul.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS
POUT LUDLOW — Sailed March 20 — Schr
Honipu, for ; schr Meteor, for San Pedro.
Sailed March 20— Schr Mlndoro, for Shanghai
Sailed March 19 — Stmr Alliance, for San
Francisco. March 20 — Stmr .Pomona, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Inward March
20 — Stmr Shawmut. from Manila, via Yoko
hama, for Taeoma.
SEATTLE— Sailed March 20— Stmr Queen,
for San Francisco. March 19, 0:30 p m — Stmr
Valencia for San Francisco.
EVERETT— Sailed March 20— Schr Admiral,
for San Diego.
TATOOSH — Passed out March 20 — Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, from Seattle, for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived March 20 — Stmr Alas
kan. Yrom New York.
Sailed March 20— Schr Excelsior, for Wil
lapa Harbor.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 20— Schr Ma
weema. from Bollard.
EUREKA — Arrived "March 19 — Schr Fortuna,
hence March 14. _
ASTORIA— Sallrrl March 10 — Schr Laura
Madsen. for San Francisco;- schr A F Coats,
for San Pedro.
ABERDEEN'— Arrived March 19— Stmr G C
Lindauer hence March 18.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed March 19— Bktn
Gleaner, for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS — Passed March 20, 10 a m —
Stmr San Gabriel, from San Pedro, for Ump
qua River.
Passed March 20. I! p m — Stmr Alcatraz,
from San Pedro for Greenwood.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March 10— Schr A B
Johnson, for Grays Harbor; schr Bertha Dol
beer, for Eureka ; bkin Robert Sudden, for
Grays Harbor; stmr Coos Bay, for San Kran
cisco *
Sailed March 20— Schr Ex-«lsior, for Wil
lapa Harbor.
Arrived March 20 — Stmr Coos Bay. hence
March Id; srhr Espada. from Grays Harbor;
schr Willis A Holden. from Everett.
Arrived March 20— Schr Ethel Zane. from
Bollard.
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBOS, March 20, 10 p m — Weather
cloudy; wfhd northwest; velocity 8 miles per
hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED
Sunday, March 20.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San IMego.
Ptmr Maggie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Bonlta. Glelow. San Pedro.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Aurella. Eriekson. Astoria.
Whal stmr Karluk, McGregor, whaling.
Stmr Spokane, Nopandcr. Eureka.
Ger ship Thekla. Wolter. Port Townsend.
Bktn Portland. Clark. Falrhaven.
Kchr Advance, Ogidnessen, Coquille River.
Schr Camano, Faxe, Port Gamble..
Schr Esther Buhne. Olsen. Coos Bay.
• Stmr Alcazar, Johnson. 14 hours from
Greenwood; bound to Port Harford; put In to
discharge ground bark.
Stmr Mlneoln, Klrkwood, 111 hours from
Taeoma.
Ship Henry Villard. Shaube, lS'daya from
Eleele.
Ship \V tl Macy, Groth, 18 days from Lady
smith.
Uktn Katie Flicklnijer, Zautz. 7 clays from
Astoria.
Srhr I'alson. Anderson, 17 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Andy Mahoney, Anderson. 11 days
from Astoria.
Sehr Halcyon. McDonald, 16 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Ida. Campbell, B hours from Point
Reyes.
Hunday, March 20.
-U S stmr Daniel Manning, Tuttle, from
cruise in search of ship W H Macy.
Stnir I.eelanaw, Monroe, 117 hours from
Taeoma,
'Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. 27 hours from Moss
Landing,.
Ktmr JtaKK'e. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Goo W Rider, Randall, 72 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 54 hours,
Stwr Empire. Macg^nn, 80 hours from Coos
Bay.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's steamer Coptic Is due to-day • from
Hongkong.
¦ » : —
Shipping Intelligence.
UIR1VED
Coptic Due To<-Day.
A gasoline fishing boat containing Salvatore
Puomo and Mario Dedsanto was capsized oft
Angel Island about 0 o'clock Saturday night.
The occupants managed to reach the Island by
swimming. The boat was not recovered.
Narrow Escape From Drowning'.
The steamship Queen called yesterday from
Seattle for this port. On arrival here she will
go to the Union Iron Works, which has been
awarded the contract to repair her. The price
to put her In condition Is $57,090. Since her
terrible experience at sea oft the Tillamook
lighthouse when she was on flre. she has been
lying at the dock at Seattle, awaiting the bids
from the different shipbuilders to put her In
con'dition for service again. The Union Iron
Works made the lowest bid. It will be several
months before *he is ready to go Into com
mission again,'
Queen Ijeaves Seattle.
WATER FRONT NEWS
Sun. Moon and Tide.
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALX, MONDAY,; MARCH 21, 1904.
9
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Mare Iilanfl and Vallejo Btaamars.
Exceptionally valuable and in-
teresting article.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
Guardian of the Yosemite for
twenty-six years.
YOSEMITE INDIANS,
By Galen Clark,
Bteamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
B-45 a. m.. 8:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 8:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave ValUjo
7 a. m., 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a m., 4:15 p. m. Fare. DO cents... Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Missioa-st. dock. HATCH
BR0S.V * '
COKPAQNIS OKNERAWS TRAN3ATLANTIQ7E.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j»^»w_
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. 5*fiff-»
North River, foot of Morton at.
First class to Havre. *70 and upward. Bsc-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AN'J
Canada 32 Broadway (Hudson build Ins).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat
Aeents B Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
T1 rl; p t i sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
IN THE MATTER OP
IDS NIBS. '
This Story Is Even More Exclt-
tng and Original Than Its
Striking Title Suggests.
NEXT SUNDAY CAJiL.
AUCTION SALES
£a> The Greatest Sale of the Season £^
AUCTION SALE OF
50 Head PERGHERON HORSES
Theee horses were carefully selected by on«
of the greatest breeders of Norman- Percheron
horses in California (William Brockman. Su-
sanville. Lansen County) and consist of pure
bred mares and geldings, weighing from 1300
to 1800.
At same time will be sold one great trotter
and one beautiful carriage horse.
This Is the grandest lot of all-purpose
horses ever brought to San Francisco.
All are nicely halter broke and a great many
of them broke to harness. They are all fat
and ready to go right to work. A careful In-
spectlon qf this lot is earnestly requested. To
be roM ah
MONDAY EVENING. March 21. 19<M.
. , ' At 7:45 o'clock, at
SALESYARD. 1732 Market sL. cor. Van
Ne«s ave.
writs for catalogues.
Horses at yard March 17.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. !
*St'< Livestock Auctioneers.
£a* Special Auction Sale £^
On MONDAY. MARCH 21. at 11 o'clock, at
el.i EULIS- ST.. I will «ell »>O head of choice,
sound ycung horses, well broken. Just arrived
f r< m the country. The above stock consists oiT '
horspg suitable ror all purposes, weigh from
10W to 14C6 pounds, from 5 to 8 years old; al3o
tJv fan pacing horse. Robert C, record 2:ll»,i.
o years old and sound; gentle, for a lady to
ride or drive. I consider this the best road
hon--«» In California; also his mate, a very fast
raoer. 7 years old; any one wanting to got a ;
well-matched tram of fast young pacers should
not overlook thl? sale, as all this stock will be
guaranteed to be as represented, and any one
wanting to hitch or ride b»hlrol any of the :
abeve utook we will he only too pleased to show
thorn any time before day of sale.
K. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
100 — HEAD — 100
Draf t, Wagon & Saddle Horses £^
. Consigned by Sot Hale Jr. of Idaho and W.
C. Wot* of Lakevlew. Oregon.
40 head well broken Draft Horses, weighing
from 1400 to 1800 pound*.
40 head gentle Wagon Horses, weighing from
1200 to 1400 XK.unds.
10 head good single Driving Horses.
10 head well broken Saddle Horses.
These Horses can be eeen at barn Saturday.
March lf>. AT AUCTION TUESDAY. MARCH
22. 7:30 p. m.
Remember, every horse Is gentle and well
broken, single and double.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
248 Third Street. San Francisco.
¦ - W. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
AVCTION SALE of 50 GOOD HORSES. WED-
NESDAY. March 23. at 11 a. m. ARCADE I
HORSE MARKET, S1'7 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves. Piers 9 and 11. I
San Francisco.
For Ketchikan. Wrang«U
Juneau. Halnes. Skagway.
etc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. M-r.
1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 2t$. 31. Apr.
ft. Change to company's
eteamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Pert Muuasend, Seattle. Taeoma, Everett. Bel-
lir.ghaic— 11 a. m.. Mar. 1. 6. 11. 18. 21. 26. 31.
Apr. 5. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattla
' or Taeoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C.
' P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:50
' p. m Mar. f 11. 17, 2.1. 20, Apr. 4. Spokana
' 1:80 p. m.. Mar. 2, 8. II. 20. 28. Apr. 1.
For Los Acgeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondc), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
\ ta Kosa, Sunday?, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
I For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Sap Pedro)., Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (S*n
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
I Ccos Bay. 0 a. m.. Mar. 8. 16. 24. Apr. 1.
Bonita. » a. m.. Mar. 12. 20. 2S. Apr. 3.
1 For Ensenada.. Maedalena Bay. San Jose del
' Coho. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
; salta. Guaymas (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or salllns
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgora-
; ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
i way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market at.
! C. D. DUN ANN, General Passenger Agent.
: 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
; The Tacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
i ral for and check baggage from hotels and
f residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
O.- /?- «£ N. CO.
OREGON sails March 28. April 7. 17. 27
Mav 7, 11 and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails
March 23. April 2. J2. 22. May 2. 12 and 2Z.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and
shcrt rail line from Portland to all points
East. Throush tickets to all points. Steamer
tickets include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Snear st. at 11 a. m. S F. BOOT»I.
Gen. Act. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery st. : C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent Freight Dept. 3
Montgomery st.
oceanics.sxo. sM^sg
S. S. SON'OMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thur., March 24, 2 p. m.
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Apr. 2, 11 a. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a. m.
4J.tM«EL3& BlM.B n IJtJ..Itt!t0nte,H3 fertrtS
lnj^tUfia.121 EarttttL.ntrb. 7.P(d&fL
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CH1CACO fl
LEAVES DAILY jf
at !):.'{<> ft. m., thrcugrh ta 3 days, B
with, diner aad all trapping's. B
sjjMMQBMHKMfST? 'ff^^~>ff*^Hs^nMfc^sTJrQMuL.~r
Other Santa Fe Train* :
a"^ *" m l for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld
8:00 I', m.'/ Merced, Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:00 p. in. for Stockton.
8:0U p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
. Chicago. .
TICKET OFFICES — 641 MarJiat St. and
Ferry Depot. S. F. Alto 1112 Broad*
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South First St-
Saa Jose.
|p|p£8|£2^| TOSANRAFAEL,
l^^^^^l CAZADERO, Etc
'raliSs^MSES^.fSii Via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauxa Klectrlc—
Depart from £an Francisco Daily 7;u0. S:w>.
0:00. lo:0O, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:43. 3:13. 4:13.
6:15. 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:2o. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
Daily. 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. B:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 4:43.
8:45, 10:20 D. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 8AN FRAN.
CISCO— Dally. 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 8:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:55. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:03. 8:05.
7:05. 8:00. 10 :S5 p, m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:0O a. m. dally — Cazaderu and way station*.
5:15 i). tn. week days (Saturday exempted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3 :15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
. stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations. .
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Mirket St.
FERRT — TTnlnn Dennt. foot of Market St.
Wt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tk SaaaliU fsrrj I Arrive
gaaFrmdico htsf lUrtstst . 3*nFr*nd«c»
\Veek Sun- ¦ arm Sma- I Week
! Dsys. days j/e£jnzx*\ days Days.
I «1IMA*»:OOa t^waau^ft 12«o»r 10:40*
•lMSr 9:OOa MMBQCIlof 1«»5» *:SOr
ftslfir 10:00a «^«BM^7 S:IOr .V.SOr
~— - 11:00a «:5Of »:*0v
,,.,, 1:45p XflfwJr 8:5«r ._~-_
,.,,„ .atisH ymp : t'.iOr . m^ m
¦ . Hmm* iVk tbf* tm T «sssi mi HOn CMsy
Ticrit I 626 Makot ST^(NorU» Shore Railroad)
•HOB I and SAnsAixro FS3UY. Foot Marks* 3c
r. ..•¦¦-' ' ' -^
WEEKLY CALL, ?1.00 PEB YEAB.
Palace of ¦Liberal" Arts
The fourth great picture in colors of trje World's
Fair Official Art Scries will be issued FREE with
THE SUNDAY CALL', MARCH 27
; * 1 — : — *
; j With especial pleasure The Call directs the particular
I I attention 01 its readers to the next picture in this splendid se-
; ries. It is an exceptionally fine picture in every respect. The
I j ornamental features of this grand building, perhaps the
handsomest on the Exposition grounds, are plainly 6hown.
Even the statuary is brought out clearly and prominently. The
color is most charming and natural. The surroundings are
most beautiful. In every detail and as a whole it is a superb
picture.
PALACE OF LIBERAL ARTS.
• With its sculpture crowned corner pavilions and arched
entrance rising majestically above colonnades of great doric
columns, the Palace of Liberal Arts presents a most imposing
appearance. Situated most easterly of the magnificent exhibit
palaces, covering an area of nearly nine acres, constructed with-
out galleries, •well lighted and designed to be an almost perfect
structure for exhibit purposes, it will contain the treasures of
science, art and industry, grouped under the head of Liberal
Arts in the Exposition classification.
Every Person in San Francisco, Every Resident of the Pacific
Coast, Every Man, Woman and Child in the United States Ousht
to Get This Picture and Every Picture of This Superb Series.
1 here Is No Charge for the Pictures. They Are Presented FREE
With the Sunday Call. Order in Advance : : : :
The Call Is Sold at All the Principal Hotels and News Depots and
by Stationers and All Train News Agents. Register a Complaint
if You Cannot Purchase a Call ::::::::
* : * *
i' . , .
RAILWAY TKAVEL.
I f- sunsst \ »m\ Trains T«mt« and ¦*•
(Ab0OCM»ftnA57A 4L\
I . "O^g / • I du« to nrrl re at
\f*\Jf=^/Sy SAN FKAXCXSCO.
N^ t~ \ $ S (Mala Lino. Ferry Depo\
V^^ Foot of Market Street »
t»ATI — FBOM y«W»PAST 17. 1W4- — A«»IT» |
7-00 a Vtearllie. Wluter*. ttumser 7S0*
7 00a Uenicl*. SuUao, ESmlra sad Sucrv
meaiu 7.29r
7J0a VUleJo. N»p«. Csilitog*. Santa
Kosa. Martlnes. Saa Ramon 1.297
7 3tK Ntles. Ltvermore. Tracy. Lathron.
Stocktqa 7.20?
8- C(U 6hatta Express— (Via D»r!»>,
Wtlilami (for Osrtlett 8prtne*>.
Willow 1. trrnto, Ked UluS.
Portland, Taeoma. Seitt'.e...... 7-50*
¦40a DaTli.Woodland. Knlzhts Landtag.
MarysTllle, OtotIHb 7.S0*
8-S0a Port Cotta, Martinet. Anttocn.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton, JJew-
naa. Los Baaos. Mendota.
Armona. Hanford. Via all*.
portervllle 4.20*
8SCa Port Coita. MarUaea. Tracy, LctV
rop. Uodetto. Merced. Fresno.
; Ooaben Junction, II an ford,
1 - Vtsalla. Bakcrvfield 4 S3r
8-50* KOes. Ban Jote, Ltvermore. Stock-
ton, (f Milton), lone, Sacramento*
PlseerTtlle. MarjtTtlle. Cblco,
Red BlnS ~. 4 20?
I3O» Oakdale. Cnlnete. Jamaitown. 9o-
nora, Tnulnmne and Angels 4-20p
0.00a. Atlantic Express— Ogdcn snd £»*t. 11.20*.
9.30a Richmond. Martinez and W»y
Sut'on* B 50 r
10 00a Tiie OTerland Llmltrd — Oglan,
Denrer, Otnsaa. Cnicagtx 8 20^
10.00* Vallejo 1220*
10.00a Lot Angclet Paaaen ger— Port
- Costa. Martinez. Byron, Tracy.
Latnrop. Stockton. Merced.
{ Kaymond. Fretno, Gotnen Juno
ttnn. Hanford, Leraoore, Vlsaila.
• Buferrsflrld. Los Angeles T-VX*
12.00m Harward. Niles and W»y Stations. 3.2Qr
tt DOk Sncrsmento River Steamera tii.OQp
i.SOr Benlcta, Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Xalghts Landing.
Msrytville. Oroville aad way
nations 1050»
SZSr Hayward. Nllea and W ay Statlona.. 750?
3.30f Port Costa, Martinez. Itjrron.
Tracy. Lat&rop. Modeito.
Mfrc*d. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Cotta 12 2O
3-30P Martln«s.Traer. Stockton. Lodl... 10 20v
4 COp Martinez. San lUmoa.ValleJo.Napa;
Caliatoga. 8i»nU Ku» 9 20*
4 OOp Nllea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4-20*
iiOr Hsyward. Nile*. Irrtngton. San » t8.60*
Jote. Uvenaore ) {11.50a
600? Tbe Owl Limited— Newman, Lo»
Banos. Mendoia. Freino, Tulara.
BakeraSeld. Lot Angeles.
Golden Slate Limited Steeper.
Oakland to Los Angelet. for Chi-
cago, via C. R. I. A F 8-S0a
6C0p Port Cotta. Tracy. Stockton ....... 12-20f
t5-30r Hayward. Nllet and San Jot* ..... 7.20a
600p Hsy ward. Nllet and San Joae. 9.40a
6. COp Eastern Eipre**— Og^n. Denvsr,
Omana. St. Loata. colcago and
Ka.'.. Port Coata. Benicla. 8ol»
aon. Elmira, Davis, 8acramento^
Koeklln, Auburn. Colfax.
Truckee, Boca, Rano. Wads*
wortn. Wlaneraucca sV28*
; 8. OOp Vallejo, daily, except Sunday.... I « -«_
7.00> Vallejo, Sunday only f r - 6ar
7 CO' Ulchmond. san Pablo, Port Coata,
Martisex and Way Stations 11.20a
8 CSr Oregon A California Ezpr«<s — f>»o-
ramento, Marjavllle. Reddlag,
Portland. Pttget Sound aad BaaL. 8. 59a
9-IOp Hayward, S lies sod Sao Jo»e(3aa-
dsyonly) 11-60%
COAST LINE (J^«rr«w tiaaga).
(Foot of Market Street.)
C.I 5a Newark^ Caotervllle. Saa Join.
Felton. Bonlaer Creek. Saatai
Cruz and Way Stations........... 8-SSp
t2.15P Newark, Centerrtlle. San Jot*,
New Alraaien. Lo* Gato«.7e!toa,
Boaider Creek, Bams Cruz snd
Principal War gtatlona tiOSSa
4.1EP Newark. flaaJote. LoaOatoa and I t355 ».
wayatatloaa } :10 55 a
•9^50p Boaters Train. Saturday only. Saa
Job's and Way Station*. Keturn-
j tag from Los Gatoa 8andsy only. XT 28>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN >"KA> CISCO, Foot of Market St. (8it?<>
-n:15 *:C0 11:00 a.*. 1.00 3-00 6.15 P.M.
from OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — H:C0 Q-.m
i r»:OS 10:00a.m. 12-00 200 4-00 ».M.
! COAST LINE! <Kroad Uaagt).
j tr~ (Third acd Townaond 8tr«eta.>
i 6-10a Ban Joae and Way Statlont. 8-SOr
7 00a San Joae and Way SUtlona 6 38p
8 00 a New Almaden (Taea.. Prld., only). 4.tf>
i 4.00a Th«- Cositer— Stop* only Sas Jo««,
t Gllroy (connection for Hollis-
' ter). Pajaro. CsatroTilla (cos.
¦ aectlon to and from Monterey
1 aad Partflc Grove), Ssltnaa. 6aai
'¦ Arto, Paso Robiea. Santa Mar-
garita. Ban Lull Obltpo, principal
irstlont theac* 8arf (conneetioa
for Lompoc), principal statlona
thence Santa Barbara,San Bnena.
vc nt.tira, S>»nnu». Los Angelea... 13 45r
8. 00* 8*9 Joae. Trea Pino*. C Apt tola,
SnntaCrnz.P«ct0c Orove.Saltnaa,
San Lnla Ublspo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10*
10.30a ean Joie sod War Stations 1.20'
lUOi Santa Clara, Ean Jote, Los Gstos _
and Way Stations 7.30p
t-30f Etc Joae and Way Stations 133*.
(OOP Del Monte Rxprexa— Santa Clara,
San Joae, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boaider
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points),
at GUroy for UoUUter. Trea
, Plnot. at CaztmTllle for Sallaas. 12.15*
I S-30* Tres Plnot Way Paaseneer 10-4Sa
I 4.80P Ban Joae and Way Statlona tS.OOA
I t6C0f San Joae. (vta Santa Clara) Los
eatoa. aad Principal Way Star
Uuua (except 8andaT> t9-00a
. b ZOt- Ean Joae and Principal Way Station* |3.4Da
S.bdP Snntet Limited.— Uedwood. 8aa
iose;Gllroy.SallaM,Pa»oKoblea,
Saa Luit Ol>l«t>o, Santa Barnara,
Lot Angel«a, Demlntc. El Paao,
New Orleinn. New Tork. Coo-
nrct* at Pajaro for Santa Cms
and at Cantrovilln for Paclaa
Grove and Way Station!........ 7.10a
I t»-1&P EauMateo.Bereaford.Belmoat.8aa
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
I MeoloParlc. Palo Alto tfl.48*
j 8 SQr San Jon and Way SUtlois. 8 33 a
; 8 00r Palo Alto and Way Buttons 10.15a
I U.iOr aouinSanFranclaco.MUlbrae.Bar>
I Ilagame. San Mateo. Belmont,
j San Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
¦ Menlo Park, and Palo Alto...... 9-45*
«1148v Kayfleld. Mountain View, Snnny--
vale, Lawrence, Saau Clara and
8an Jote tMlr
A for Morning-. P for Afternooav "~"
IBnnday sxcepted. t Sands./ only
a Saturday only.
I btop* at all atatlona on Sunday.
ITfOoly tralna ttopplsg at Valaacla 8*. sowrab— ij
• re»:10AJ«7:OUA.M, ll:30A.M..4:iS0»r_«:3O»ji.* - «
Mlrj
CALIFORNIA NOBTBWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
ikh FRANCISCO ANj nURTH PAClFIi
', EAH.WAY COaKPAHT.
Tiburoa ferry. Foot of JCarktt BtZMt.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KATASIm
V.EEK JDAYb — I :ao. St:UO, 11:00 a. m. . V£:Hi,
Z:SO. (V:1O. b.ao p. m. Thursdays — Extra UI9
, at 11:30. p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SC.\DAIS-8:l», »:2O. 11:00 a. m.; l:3u.
8:30, 5:00. «:I0. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EA1-AEI, TO SAS TKAXC13C0.
WEEK D.Wo—GM. 7:U. 7:5o. V.-jQ. U:li
a. m.; 12:30. 3:40. S:00, 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Kxtra trip at 2:03 and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. »:40, 11:13 a. m.; 1:4^
8:40. 4:93. 5:V3. «:23 p. m.
L«av» I In Effect 1 Arrive
Ban Francisco. I Sept. 27, 1903. ; San Francisco.
Week j Sun- I Deitlaa- I Bun- I Week'
Days. I days. | tloa. | days. | Days.
7:30 al 8:00 al »:10a| 8:40 a!
0:30 a Isnado 10:40 a 10:2© a>
S:30p(3:3Op{ •:O3p(0:2O»
6;10p| 5:00 p| 7:33 p|
7:30 a 9:10a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 »
3:30p S :30 a Peuluma 6:03 p C:20 »
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
3:00 p Santa, Roam.
7:30 a 10:4O a 10:20 a
S:OOa Fulton. 7:33 p S:20 »
8 30 p 3 :3O p
Windsor,
7:30a 8:00a Healdsburz. 10:iOalO:20a
Lytton,
8;30p 3:30 p G«yserville. ":C3p 8:20 »
Cloverdalo,
7:30a 8:0O a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a.
8:3Op C:50p^ and Uklan. 7:35 p 6:20 u
7:3Oa|"8Tboa[ Wllllta. \ 7:33~pt g:2o p
7:30 al 8:00 al |10:40atlO:20a
3:S0p|3:30p[ Cuernsville. | 7:33 pf 6:20 p
T:S0al 8:00 at Sonoma. t 8:10 a| 8:40 a
6:10 p| 3:00 p| Glen Ellen. |«:03p(«:20p
7-.3Oal S:0Oa| |1O:4O allO:20 »
8:3Op| S:3Op| EebastopoL I 7:35 pi 6:20 »
STAGES connect at Green 3rae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
tipriDgs: at Pulton for Altrurla and Mark. West
Springs; at Lytton for Lyttun Springs: at Gey.
•ervllle for Skaxgs Sprtnss: at Cloverdale tor
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
I Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, U<i-
port and Bartlett Springs: at TJklan for Vichy
bprlngs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, f oruo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerlyj.
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr»
Hot Sprlnics. Halfway Hcusa. Comptcha. Carr.p
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocsno City. Fort Braes.
Westport. Usal: at Wiilits for Port Bragr.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Lay to n-
vtlle. Cumrr.ings. Hell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
tcn*s. Dyer. Garbenrllle. Pcpptxwood. ScotU
and - Eureka. \
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tiekata at rt>
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
i beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce». 630 Market atraat. Cnronlcl*
lif 1 *? WHITINO, " R. X. RTAX ..
.Gen. Masarsr. G«a. Pan. AgtTHE SAN FRANCISCO" GALL, MONDAY, MARCH >2J r 1904,.
10
EMPJLOYMEXT WASTEP--FEMA1.E.
PROFESSIONAL French ccok. by day or oth-
erwise: full charge of dinners, receptions,
marketing: 'anywhere; also cooking lesson*
given. Box 4418, Call office,- N
YOUNG /rlrl wishes situation for upstair*
> •work; American family preferred. Pl«as«
call Monday at Swiss Dairy. 221S Fill-
more at. ¦ ¦¦- *'s •
GIRL wishes a position for general housework
1 and wishes to have from 1 to 5 In the after-
noon every day. Please call In the morning.
2490 Market «t. j
1 A NEAT. respeotabl« middle-aged woman de-
sires work a few hours dally or as»i«t with
1 light housework in small private family. Ad-
t dress MRg. L.. 153% Fifth at.
COMPETENT woman wants a position to taka
care of t-mali children; references if required.
Box 4453. Call office.
COMPETENT dressmaker wants sewing la
families by the day: first-class work guaran-
teed. Box 4461. Call office.
YOUNG woman wants house cleaning by th«
day; $1 50 and carfare. MRS. MAXWELL.
7t>9 McAllister St. %
A WOMAN wants light work on a ranch;
good Dliln cook; references. Address box
4422. OU office.
AN experienced and partly trained nurse will
care for invalid; $35 per month. Box 4365.
Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes working house-.
¦ keeper's position or cook for men; neat, good
cook; city or country- MRS. M.. 208 Eddy.
REFINED lady desires position as housekeeper
in mountains or country. Address box 1077.
Call office. Oakland.
POSITION wanted by trained nune in doctor' a
office; best of credentials; 10 years" experi-
ence. Box 4372. CalL
WANT position as managing housekeeper;
country preferred; references. Box 4434. Call.
WANTED — Position aa seamstress.' Box 4437.
Call office.
A DRESSMAKER wishes, engagements by the
day. $1 50. 1233 Bush st.
FRENCH girl wishes work by the day. wash-
ing or house-cleaning. 1342 7th ave. south.
A LADY pianist wishes position. Address
box 4450. Call office. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recetved at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st
EMPLOYMENT WASTED- -MALE.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work
of any kind: can drive and care for horses.
Box 4093, Call office.
A MAN with lengthy experience in Spanish-
American trade, thoroughly familiar with all
requirements. ee»ks position: speaks and cor-
responds in Spanish. English and German; Is
a good office man, bookkeeper and corre-
spondent. Box 4330, Call office.
ENGLISHMAN. 12 years in Central America;
good bookkeeper, thorough knowledge Span-
ish, also French: desires position with manu-
facturing or exporting firm with a view to
eventually representing them In Euro.p».
Box 4t&>. Call.
RELIABLE, competent young man, thoroughly
understands care of horses and duties per-
taining to footman's and coachman's posi-
tions, wishes sttuation on private place, city
or country. A. M. BARRETT, northwest
corner Washington and East sts.
MASSEUR or bath-rubber, age 22. of good
"appearance, best of reference,' wants a posi-
tion. Address TOKEL. 214 Third st.
RELIABLE, comoetent young; man, ace 27,
wishes a poyltlo-n en private place: city or
country: attend garden, etc.; capable horse-
man and driver; thoroughly understands
coachman's duties; referenced. Box 4417, Call.
YOUNG man, 25 years old, would like position
In cigar store; can give good reference. Box
4436. Call office.
YOUNG French couple, of good education, de-
sire employment; private family; wife to ds
housework or cooking, husband to care for
horses, drive and general work. FELIX
CRIMAUD. 633 ¦ Broadway.
YOUNG man wishes to work on chicken ranch
where he could learn all about th» chicken
business: prefer good home to big wages.
E. LARELL. 2790 Bryant it.
EOT artist wishes position in advertising firm
or on newspaper or magazine; am now at-
tending art school. . LEO KRAUS 70SA
Larkln St.. city.
A GARDENER desfrea a position: thoroughly
competent In all lines of horticulture under
glass and outside; S years in last place; well
recommended. Box 4448. Call.
ATTORNEY, who Is also experienced office
man. bookkeeper, correspondent, business
manager, etc.. will accept position with cor.
poratlon. real estate concern. Box 4527. Call.
RELIABLE man, 35 years of age, wants work
any part oJ 5 days per week; no objection
to email wages. Address lo07U Folsom st.
BARKEEPER wants position; city or coun-
try; ¦ can furnish reference; are S3. Box
4326. Call office.
WANTED — Situation^ by young man who thor-
oughly understands driving and work in pri-
vate stable; refs. Address box 4345, Call.
BAKER— First-class a>l around bread, cake
baker and confectioner; country preferred.
BURTON. 1B2 Seventh st.
YOUNG man. 25, would like position aa driver
and salesman: hustler; best reference. Box
. 4349. Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman would like tern-
porary situation for five or six months. Box
4260, Call office.
JOB printer, first-class, union roan, 6 years'
experience, wishes steady position. Adiirsi*
box 4421. Call office.
A LUNCH waiter wants a steady place t>
work dinners. W. K. BROWN, box 4439,
Call office.
YOUNG, man, honest, sober and Industrious,
wishes position of any kind. JOHN HUME
547 Hayes St.
MAN and wife want work on ranch- wife cook
and housework, man understands all kinds
ot work: best of references. Box 4460. Call.
BOOKKEEPER, employed daytime. couli
f-pare a couple of hours evening. Box 4k>3.
Call office.
WANTED — Position as blacksmith: will work
on shares; 10 years' experience In a country
shop. Box 4457, Call.
AN experienced and accurate operator on
Burroughs adding machine desires position.
Box 4447. Ca.ll.
CLERK — Wine, "liquor and groceries, window
dresser and card writer, desires position;
beet of references. Address box 4446. Call.
BARBER— First-class from New York wants
first-class position. Address Barber, box
1405. Call office.
YOUNG man' of 33, German, wishes place as
houseman in first-elara hotel or privat*
house; <?xoeriecced. Box 4423. Ca.ll office.
POSITION wanted as salesman. 2506 Sutter st.
AN experienced janitor wants a position; ref-
erences. Box 4441. Call office.
STEADY man desires employment eventnn.
Box 4420. Call office.
POSITION desired in wholesale house; age 15
1SUS Alameda ave.. Alameda.
COMEDIAN wishes situation with traveling
company. Box 4463. Call.
STRONG boy wants position in butcher shoo.
Box 4j(T_». Call.
A LICENSED engineer and machinist wants
. position; city references. Box 4309, Call.
COOK wishes situation in saloon "or lunch
house. AL NAUDE. 1525 Powell st.
WANTED — Situation as coachman by an ex-
perienced man. Box 4287. Call office.
BOY want* position as messenger .in whole-
sale house; bright and active. Box 44-10, Call.
-TEMPERANCE bartender wishes position-
city or country. Bos 4459. Call.
BAKER— First-class all-round man wishes
situation In the country. Box 4442. Call.
SITUATION wanted by Japanese: wishes posl-
tion in private family; can milk cow take
care horse, chore around; very useful- city
or country. Address boxj»53. Call office.
JAPANESE, strong man. wants a Dosttion to
dj cooklns and general housework; S7 week.
G. A.. lSOai^ Caatro at.
JAPANESE vouth wants elevator work la
hotel or any place; have good recommenda-
tions. W. ISONO. K2S Stevenson st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 10SW
\ alencia »t. > . . ¦
gjEATHER REKOVATITfQ.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
-Co.., 325 Van Ness ave.; tel. Howard 3167.
jLODOIXO HOCSKS FO R. 9 ALE— -Cnn.
I A ¦'¦ ¦ -
MARION GRIFFm.
' 406. Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In flne front offices.
Phone Black 8607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
STOP AND THINK
Before buying: call on my only agent. OIA-
; RION GRIFFIX. and he will tell you all
about my 40-room house; every- room large
and light; low rent; lease for three years or
more: price at bedrock; part cash; will net
, ! over $150 profit per month.
24 LARGE sunny rooms 4 blocks north of
Market at. ; well furnished and all occupied
by permdhent roomers; nets $92 per month,
aa rent Is only $3 per room, and price only
$1600. Exclusively for sale by MARION
GRIFFIN.
DEPENDABLE houses are In demand; here's
one MARION GRIFFIN haa for sale because
the owner haa urgent business In Eastern
States; 35" rooms; ateady income $411; rent
$125. '
SOUTH of Market money maker: new house;
new furniture; 29 rooms; $1500; rent $60;
lease If desired; full of roomers. MARION
GRIFFIN, room 408. Examiner bldg.
I AM out .of the city and I want to sell my
house near Nob Hill, 44 rooms, for $2000:
reduced from J3200; only $1000 down and
easy terms. See my agent, MARION GRIF-
FIN. ;
"A FACT AND A FORTUNE."
We offer a 117-room house for $6500; It Is
thoroughly respectable and the profit la about
$400 per month. It Is no wonder there is such
a fortune In such a house, for it is a fact
that the population of this city is (and has
been for- three years) growing at the rate of
25.000 yearly. Respectfully yours,
MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL 20.
20 rooma on Golden Gate ave.; hcuse built
one year ago; elegantly furnished In mahogany
and oak; flno ;^Brussels carpets: inoome $111
over rent. See MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL 200.
AX ARMY OF PEOPLE
Are charging all over this city buying hotels
and rooming-houses. A detail of able-bodied
aids d» camp KEEPS THE PEOPLE IN LINE
at rooming-bouse headquarters (MARION
GRIFFIN'S offlce in Examiner bldg). Reader,
hadn't you better march in line? Should you
be lucky enough to get near the head of the
column ask. for orders to Inspect that camp
of ever 200 rooms, strictly modern. In which
the captain ln> command clears $1000 per
month.
EXCHANGE. '.
Farm wanted In trade for apartment-hous«
on corner near Van Ness ave. ; furnishings new
and elegant: cost S2960; will take $2000; silk
curtains cost $75 pair; mahogany furniture;
Moquet carpets: large rooms; front and back
yords. MARION GRIFFIN, room 40tt. Hearst
bldg.
- "A WORD TO WIVES."
MARION GRIFFIN can show yoa an 8-room
flat north of Market st. In whlcff you can
make $30 over your house rent; you need only
pay $125 down.
NEW OXE 37.
You'll surely be "on velvet" when you walk
on these carpets. The furniture? Why, It's
that ultra fashionable golden»oak and birdseye
maple. The building? It's on a sunny corner
and the exterior appearance la grand and
majestic. 'Twill not require much money to
put you in possession. Leasehold? ' It has a
duration of 5 years. See MARION GRIFFIX.
C. E. HINKLEY Phone Mint 798
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
Former patrons my best references.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
It rooms; Leavenworth st.; snap $300
12 rooms; Sutter St.; offer wanted 500
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $o5 ltiOO
S rooms; eth and Howard sts.; rent $30 ..00
10 rooms: X. Market St.; rent $40 400
Any house sold on monthly payments.
10 rooms; O'Farrell ft.; liquor license.. C50
23 rooms; one floor; rent only $35 1100
34 rooms: rent $00; profitable 1150
Clear titles, square dealings at IIInkley*s.
11 rooms; partly furnished; pee this.... 350
20 rooms; one floor: lease; rent $40 8C0
S5 rooms; sunny cor.; lease; grand buy. rtOOO
,63 rooms; lease: rent $113; price only.. 3500
'14 rooms; rent $30: clears $29 350
, 21 rooms; Ellis and Powell; pick-up.... 050
Carriage for customers at HINKLEY'S.
ATTENTION, buyers — Have you some furni-
ture; 14 rooms; 11 rooms unfur.: newly 'reno-
vated; rent $50; water free; amazingly • low ;
price $125. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St. -¦
CENTRALLY located corner house: 54 rooms:
nicely furnished; rent $225; long lease; must
be sold. WILSON. 400 Taylor st.
FOR sale cheap— 10. 12 or 22 room lodging-
house; e:ood location. Call 118 Jones at.,
between 1 and 3.
FOR sale — Modern house, 160 rooms, new fur-
niture, long lease, fine location; $5000 will
secure this. Box 4277. Call.
FOR SALE— A lodging-house. SO" rooms; new
and well appointed; centrally located. Box
4C01. Call office.
FOR SALE — 23 rooms; lodging-house; clears
$50 ever expenses; low rent; investigate. Box
' 2704. Call offlce.
A-SEE SKIRM'S BARGAINS before buy-
Ing. Room ~'J St. Ann's bldg. C Eddy st.
SPIKITVAL'ISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings dally, $1; de-
vtloplntc class Thursday 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
-¦fl:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
MRS. LESTER. 963 Mieslon; life reader, busi-
ness medium ; . read, dally; clr. to-night. 10c.
ELISE BRAUN, renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 886 Bush.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
3late- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 837.
CLAIRVOYANTS.' '_
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR.
The Famous
PALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT.
Special Reduction for One Week. _
$1— Hl« $5 Reading" for $1.
Free Test! Free Test! Free Test!
A Free Test to All Who Come Prepared to
Have a Reading.
Without asking a question he tells you your
name, your mother'3 maiden name, the name
ot the one you love, tells you your age and
what you called for. without asking a single
question. \
' THERE IS NO AFFAIR of Impostance—
past, present or future — but ¦ what Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. He will
point out the way that will lead to success In
business, speculations, investments, love court-
ship, matrimony, divorce or anything; you may
be In trouble about.
Unlike Impostors and pretenders Professor
Victor takes no money in advance' and posi-
tively refuses to accept any fee If you are not
entirely satisfied. All business atrlctly con-
fidential. Hours from 0 a m. to 8 p. m. dally
and Sunday. 700 Post at.
-*
"A man with a reputation."— New York World.
CARL ANTONIUS, .' K '
Clairvoyant, Trance Medium and_ Healer.
To Introduce his superior methods. Professor
Antonlus will give readings afthe reduced
price of $1 for one week, and will positively
make no charge unless you find him superior to
any palmist, medium or clairvoyant in the city.
Hours from 9 'a. m. to 8 p. m. daily and Sun-
day. Permanently located in his own home,
483 Geary st.
, ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
PRlmtst, permanently located at 1104 Market
ut., cor. Turk; private readings daily 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; Z questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postof flee
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter!
A— MME. REVANNA. formerly 5 Fourth St.,
reads life; business advice; names given;
readings 50c one week. Offices. 835 Howard
et...bet. Fourth and Fifth.'
A— Miss SI. Wllle, 4G0 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you. called for without asking a qurs-
' tlon: names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
A — MME.' BERNARD reads your life correctly:
advice given 01* all affairs of life: aatlsfac-
t Ion guaranteed; 25c_up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c; g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G.G.av.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg. palmst.clalrvoyant. card
reader;when others fall try me;good readln«r»
' 10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.Q.ave. Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME/LUISA. 8panlsh palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; 1. 25c, f. 60c. 1200 Marketer. 67.
¦ _ CLAIRVQYAKTS — Contlnaed.
A GREAT 'CUT IN PRICES.
I Call at once and save $4
His former ?5 readings this week for
SI. ?1. $1. *i. |i. $1. fl. Si. $1. $1.
NO' CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for whlcl
you consult him.
(You to be full judge.)
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant an<
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
I Read carefully. An honest proposition
I do hereby solemnly agree and guaranty
to make r.o charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for: I prom-
¦ lse to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
, - le true or false; tell whom and when yot)
will marry. In fact 1 will tell every hope,
. fear or ambition better than you can tel:
yourrelf; I r*stcre lost affections, reunite th<
separated, cause happy marriagre. make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develoo mediums, give aiivle* on mines
and burled treasures and Insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m.: Sundays, 2 to 6.
S2C— O'Farrell st.— 32g.
MMTS. LOVONIA clairvoyant, palmist — Read-
_ Ings this week 25c. 4C8 Jessle,st.. nr. Sixth.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles. 25o";
gents. 60c; hours 1 to 0. 150 6th st.. room 18.
THEO, clairvoyant card reader; ladles 30c,
gents ?1; hours II to 9. Room 16, 765 Mkt.
MME. "WALTERS, great card reader: la, 25c
gents 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 2.1^ eth: 1. 2. r >e. g. 3rtc.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2CVa Kearny. room 20: ladles. 25c: gents. 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. U now at 317 Kills st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tings daily. 44S',& Jessl? St.. bet. Eth and Cth.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEX you becom« disgusted with your work
send for SFAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 355-.157 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rlfon.st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIX'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Ooldrn Gate ave.; telephone Ka*t 12«.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tres3es madu over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st>;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WAT/COM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpct-beatlng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
ceothhtg behoyatiho.
8UITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis et., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
cbepit cSoTHxejaa.
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st. ¦
- DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MtirketrnTEleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from iS per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 00c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlsLr.14.lst
floor. Phclan bid., SOO Market, cor. O'FarrelL
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth wlth-
out plates specialty. 1S41 Polk st.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 5/) up; crowns. $2 up; fillings. 25c.
DRESSMAKERS^AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking: & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIOXAL.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 001-
025 Golden Gate ave.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar.
¦ ket st.; established 18 years; the school that
secures possiions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, j Shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
' at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand, Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business.
College. 1236 Market at.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. aur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen .School, 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. IPoG Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1332 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows* bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc. : day eve. ; ?4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of MInes*Electrlclty. 24 Post
St., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
bet. Pine and California; classes now open.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO t 530 California, r.4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 482 Geary at.
KENT Law School;' always open; conducted
by practicing lawyer. 636 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club SI per mo. 828 Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION^ Day and
PARTIXGTOX' S. 424 Pine st. — Xlght class.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hoiir. MRS. PECK
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH.French.etc. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of Ianguage.320 Post:estab'dl871:ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
GEORGE \AOKI. 421 Post Et.; teir^Busn~135^
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for firm help, etc
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau
' 504 Kearny st.. room 3; phone Black 4458.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
LeonSeung's. 411*4 O'Farrell; tel. East 426. :
FRITZ'S Emp. Offlce; Japanese *nd Chinese !
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 163.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 years, i
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A SWEDISH cook, young, strcngv flrst-class
. references, wants a place at $^5 a month.
For particulars address or phone MISS
PLUNKETT. ,425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
GERMAN lady wants position In private fam-
il>*: is good cook: flrst-class references: cun-
Tiot speak English. ROSA SCHEWERER.
Park Hotel.*26-2S Turk st. . . ¦¦¦¦•":
A MIDDLE-AGED ¦ woman desires cooking
some housework, for a small family; no
washing. Ironing or window-cleaning. Call
at 554 Natoma st. .
EXPERIENCED stenographer: has had seven
years' -experience;, can operate any machine;
best of references. : Box 4438. Call offtcs.
A YOUNG woman wants any kind of work by
the rlay; be«t references. Please call or ad-
drcss 3445 Clay ut., bet. Laurel and Walnut.
WOMAN wants work by the day;.' good iaun-
dreas: $1 60 a day: no postals answered. 566
Minna tit:, near Seventh. >¦ "
A ' COMPETENT laundress and ' houpecleaner
- wants work by the day; ?l 25; references.
Box 4005. Call offlce. .
SWEDISH I woman wants t Dlace I to cook In a
boarding house: wages $30. 2t»O Rltch st. ¦
WANTED — A .' situation as housekeeper or
nurse to an Invalid., Address 710 Harrison st.
YOUXG girl wishes position for second work.
Call at, 1126 O'Farrell st.
A. NEAT. German, girl wishes, a .position as
"cook for small family. Box 4471, Call office.
THE CALL
JOKZT 1>. SPKICKELS. Proprietor.
: ('am_ccgzmEEm^7aHiTciiAI^HTri^agr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
XA tor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
I'ubUcation Offlce Market and Third, S. F.
r.'litorial Room 217 to 221 Steven60ft et-
i'tllvered by Carrier?. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cta. Per Month Single Copies S Centa.
Terms br Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order):
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 year...$S.0C
DaILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 6 mos.... 4.00
HAILY CALL— By Sirgla Month 75c
Fi'NDAY CALL 1 Year 260
V.'EEKLT CALL "I Year 100
„__„„ f Dally. . .$8. SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J s un day. 4 15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. L weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL, POSTMASTERS AHE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE EUBSCRDTTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. .
Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad-
<>.T^r «*ou!S be rart'cu'.nr to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
rroTEpt and correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
I1U Eroeiway Telephone Main 1W3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2I4S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASH INGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NTETvTS STANDS:
Wsldnrf-Aetoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81
T nion tfquar*-; Murray Kill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
r.ue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherrrar. Hou|e: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tr.-mont House; Aufiitoriuai
Hotel: l^lmer House.
OHIOAGO BEFRESEXTATIVE:
C. <5KOTJ<J;E KP.OGNE.SS.. M»n;u»tt« BuDfltng
iLcng Dif.anr-e Telephone, "Central 2C19.")
>rETV YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Frandaoo
<~a;i. corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
I3UANCH OFFICES:
10OR Market «reet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
R27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until S>:00 p m.
3fif< Hayf-s street: open until 9:30 p. m.
e*» McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Lajk^ etre^t; open until 9:30 p. m.
.Wl Miss-ion street: open until 10 p. m.
22»n. Market strrct, corner Sixteenth; epen
until 9 p. m.
iw Eleventh street: open until O p. m.
1«>6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner CTiurch and Duncan atreeta;
rpca until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreeis: open until 9 p. m.
22^0 Fillmore street; open until ft p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASTLl'M OF GOLJIEX GATR Com- _?_
manfl^ry No. 10. K. T., C25 Sutter J2|p
St.— S-tated assembly THIS EVEN- gj
ING m S o'clock. Ord»r of Temple. «f
All fratere are courteously invited.
By order cf the Comma mier.
THEO FROL1CH. Recorder.
EAX FTtAXClSCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ®
Arch Mason?, mffts THIS EVENING. VVf*
Business and R. A. degree.
II. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. I. F. and A. _,
M. — The officers and members of the 'v^f*
»lov* named lodge are hereby notified
brother. HERMANN KRAXKLIX MULLBR.
in King fielomon's Hall, Masonic Temple, on
MONDAY. March 21, 1904. at 2 o'clock p. m.
Master Masons and friends of the deceased
are tnvitf-d. Vy order of the Master.
PRAXKLIX H. DAY. .Secretary.
OCCIDEXTAL Lodce No. 22, F. and q
A. M— THIS lUONDAT) EVENING
at ":S<» o'clock. Third decree. Mas- /^f\
ter Masons cordially invited. By
order of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HF.RI.1AXN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. «
M. — r-ailed meeting THIS DAY "^\f
iMOKDAV), March 2t 1SHM. at 7:30 />f\
<-.'oloo!t p. m. D-btw 2. By order of
the AW M. L. F'.-in.'MACHER. Secretary.
KING SOI-OMON'S Lodge No. 2C0. F. «
and A. M.. 'is:» FfUmor* 1 ft.— Second HfV*
degree THIS EVENING at 7:30 /^\
.'rlnrk. HARRY HAEHR, Sec. '<*,.,'
THE rv.:.:: hi meeting of, the stockholdera of
tb«- hlerra Railway Company of California
will be held at the offices of the company.
No. 223 Crocker building, City and County
f<t Kin Francisco, State of California, on
MONDAY, the Mh day of February. 1904, at
'the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
ef electing directors Zor the ensuing year
S£d the transaction of pucb other business at
Rtr.ay cow," before said meetliur. Dated at
Fan FranoiEc-o, Cal.. January 23. 1904. S.
D. FRESHMAN, S*»cretary.
Tbt above meeting adjourned until April
11th. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. in. ..;
Feb. 8. 19*U. S. D. FRESHMAN, Eec'y.
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting of
t be stockholder* of the HUTCHIXSOX SUGAR
FLAXTATTOX COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company. No. 327 Market
street (room 4. second ¦floor), In the city
and county of San Francisco. State ot Cali-
fornia, en TUESDAY, the 224 day of March,
A. D.. 1904, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing ;• Board of Di-
rectors to Berve for the ensuing year, and
for the transaction of eucb other buslneaa
at rr.ay properly come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY,
March 11 1S04, at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS,
EeereUiry nutehinson Sugar Plantation Com-
pany. 327 Market street. San Francisco,
California.
Ean Francisco. Cal- March 8. 1904.
ANNUAL ireetlng— The annual meeting rt the
stockholcers of the WESTERN SUGAR
REFINING COMPANY will be held
ma the olfice of the company. No.
E27 Market St.. Ran Francisco, California.
on MOXDAY. the 2Sth day of March. l!)04. at
the hour of 12 m.. lor the purpose of elect-
Ing • board of directors to serve for the
enaoisg year, and the transaction of auch
• other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Friday,
March 18. 1904, at 12 m. W. H. HANNAM,
Secretary -
ACEyrS^WASTED.
FIRST-CLASS proposition to well-acquainted,
energetic agents of both sexes. Apply 8 to
10 a. m., 720 Emma Sprockets building.
AGENCIES fcr every city of the Union for the
Vanyuis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
Port st-. San Francisco. Cal. . /;
AnTTBTrsTMrirT jyminsra.
HAVING recently acquired through~excharTge
of property three $40 scholarships In the best
College of Advertising in the United States,
I will nell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: tbe colleee teaches ediertislnr writ-
Ing by correspondence and asclsta lta grad-
uates to secure positions; catalogues fur-
ntafaed on appli'-atlin. Address box 3026. Call.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a email fee.
6ee ice and rave money; no pay In advance.
O. W. HOWE. ATTORXEY-AT-LAW
Established 22 yr».; ran. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. l«t fl.
1122 Market et., between Mason and Taylor.
A fl vice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attomey-at-Law. Exam, bldg.7
€th floor, entrance room Cll; established 20
y«*rs: all cases, general court and offlce prac-
tice: ne fee tn advance or for consultation;
erenlrga by appointment. Tel. Red 306L'
DIVORCE— Costa. (12; quick, quiet;, advice
free; open evenlnge. P27 Market «.. nn. 30L
L. 6. CLABK. 327 Market. St.; consultation
free: no feea in advance; open evenings.
A — 1903 MODEL automobile (French make)
cost S12S0 used very little; will eell for
S50ft; all in good running order. Box 430"
Call offlce. ~*
BOARDING FOR. CHILDREN.
A GERMAN lady will board 1 or
a good home. 316 Prospect ave.
cottECTXon^opricEs.
BAD tenants ejected (or $4; collections made:
«-tty or country. Pacific Collection Co. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. Main 6580.
COTTAGES FOtt SALE.
A . rCIOELY famished cottage, 4 rooms, for
eaV, cheap; rent of cottage reasonable. 1129
Clay tt.
BUSINESS CHA5CBS.
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION t
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening in San Francisco? If to,
« r e can offer ¦ you any number requiring an
investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that paesea through our
offlce must stand the closeat Investigation,
and we ran place you in a store, factor)-,
hotel, mill, office, or. in fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATENTION!
Do you desire to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If s«. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; wa
have a large number of desirable applcants
on oar books seeknc good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. f>27 Market et.
A — $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof ahowlng that
any person ever lost a dollar who invested
any money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock, $50,000.
827 Market «t.. rooms 321. 822. 32S. 824.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 In a
high-class real estate offlce and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; Invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 room*; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room, with 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen, best silver service;
10 years' lease; price $10,000; easy terms.
GETtMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at-
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure interest and
offlce of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A — 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT. '
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. *25: will be worth $200 by August. 1904.
GBHMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A— TAILORING AND HABERDASHERY.
A first-class tailor or gentleman familiar
with gents' furnishing goods can secure a
partnership in one of the leading stores In
- Sun Francisco: about S5000 cash required.
GSRMAXIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market et.
A— FARBER SHOP.
For sale. 4-chalr shop: centrally located and
good, established trade; sickness of owner
corspels sacrifice of Immediate «ale. :
_GF.KMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A— LI\ERY BUSINESS. "
Wanted, man with $4000 cash to take Interest
In stable established 10 years; J20O monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A, CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances. '
Oywer and chop houses $360 to 31000
Candy and Ice cream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber rhops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $50<X)
Saloon* $.100 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable storca $300 to $1000
I>ru? stores f 2000 tb $8000
D^licateseen store* $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A F1UST-CLASS opportunity for druggist' or
doctor; ¦wcIl-equlDDed drupr store; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $60;
business already established: with 6 rooms
and ba.th In rear; elegantly . furnished
throughout ; everything complete for houpe-
keeplng of the best quality; price $1SOO.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; flne prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-houge or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR eale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for' mak'nir own candles: established 8
years; clears over $200 per month: will in-
voice about $12nO. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
FOU One of the best restaurants In city;
ch?ap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear Investigation: price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FCfR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply etore; well
located: clearing $300 per month: flrst-clasa
proposition; will stand strict Investigation;
price $SCOO. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
$200— FINE paying offlce and established com-
Ti£. 8 , lon ,, bUslne85: clearing $100 monthly.
1O07U Market tt., room 1.
SUMMER resort; finest climate; big -payer;
etunplete; near city; sickness; investigate.
1007*4 Market s't.. room I.
$350— PARTNER wanted In established com-
mission business clearing $160 monthly; will
give bank references; experience not re-
quired; grand opportunity. 1007>£ Market, r.l.
A — 350 — PARTNER for old «stab. and well
paying clflce business: bona fide proposition.
Particulars, Brookbank. 917 Market st.
AX exceptional opportunity; old established
commission and brokerage business; whole-
sale district; large lists of shippers and buy-
er>. Particulars BROOKBANK. 917 Market.
$1400— FIXE, large grocery and bar;near water
front; splendid money-making place for right
party. See H. DOYLE. 1023 Market, nr. 6th.
BAKERY and complete line of delicacies to be
had for $350; rent $12; flne trade and rare
business chance. H. DOYLE. 1023 Market.
WANTED — A partner In a manufacturing bus-
iness; a liquid to Mil all kinds of Insect*,
flies, etc., at small cost; there Is a large field
for the sale of this article and big profits
l-t «hc right party. Box 4343, Call office.
FOR sale — A large, well paying bakery, with
large cake trade and 5 to 6 barrels of bread-
latest improved wagons and 6 good horses;
*ooly a short distance from city. Inquire M.
P. DETELS. 218 California st.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; If you wish to se-
cure a nice little home, with a fair business
combined and wish to take life easy; prie*
$700. Call at 368 Eleventh St.
WAXTED — A competent co-worker and atock-
holder In a close corporation; well estab-
lished and hjg dividend paying wine com-
pany. Address W. C. box 520, Sacramento.
CORNER grocery and bar with 3 living rooms
frr sale: well established: rent very low.
*.T5: place well stocked and will sell cheep;
no sg-rits. Box 29C2. Call offlce.
FOR SALE — Either whole or half Interest In a
generrxl merchandise store In a good town
in not them part of State. Address for par-
ticulars box 4354. Call offlce.
DELICATESSEN, dairy, produce etc.; fine
basiiirts and good location; good stock; price
$1200. Address box 42S3. Call offlce.
GROCERY for sale — Whele or half Interest-
location excellent: first-class stock; estab-
lished trade. Box 4294. Call offlce.
GROCERIES and bar; transfer point- near
O-»Me n Gate Park; will eell for $1300- no
agi;nu. Box 2765. Call offlce.
CIOAl: stand for sale on Montgomery st. close
10 Mai kef In a sood location for business
Box 2T'74. Call office.
LOOK '.—Rent only, $6: fruit and vegetable
.store, branch bakery, furnished living rooms:
$120 to-day. 00 Harriet st.
CIGAR store and laundry offlce; good estab-
lished business. Box 4313, Call offlce.
CIGAR stand; A No. 1 location: rent reason-
able; price $1500; large stock. Box 4258. Call.
CIGAR stand In wholesale district for sale
Lex 43W. Call offlce.
WANTED — A delicacy store; one well estab-
lished- state price asked. Box 4C02. Call.
GOOD saloon and boarding-house; 22 beds*
near water front; 6750. Box 44S8. Call. '
DELICATESSEN store, with home cookingOa
steady boarders; large dining and 2 HvJjte
rooms; rent $20. Call at 410 Ninth st. '
FOR sale— Corner saloon; wholesale district*
flrst-class location. Inquire HILBERT MER-
CANTILE CO., 213 Market st,
$250— BRANCH bakery and restaurant; $25;
water free. 414 Jones at.^
RE6TATJRANT for sale; bargain: everything
complete; call and see It. 422 Turk «t. *
ROtTTE on CalL Apply at office.
$475— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen, notion
store; north Market; living rooms. 783% Mkt,
SALOON— Corner: $3000: best business street
In city: near Market st Box 4410. Call.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has be*n
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦ .'
CTTstES BPyi'OKB.
WHO?— Hunter. I20« Market St.; $100; rupture
con for $10; circular explains; send for «a».
YOU KNOW WHOfi TO TELL YOUR TROUBLES TO «=-
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— $180O^CORNER cigar stand on Kearny ;
> rent $S5; lease; a good business; come and
Investigate. R. Q. WILKE. 26}j Kearny st.
Al BLOCK of land. 300x300, In San Leandro
with bouse of 4 rooms: Income $400 per
year from fruit: will exchange for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 'JoV» Kearny at.
A— $20C0~SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$60; place established many years 'and good
paying. Cail R. Q. WILKEX 20& Kearny st.
A — $4000-1CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin
st., doing a fine cash business; value In
sight; fresh dock; no better location In this
city. Bee R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny at.
A — $L"000 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
waterfront, close to Market st.; place estab-
lished yeara and well paying; daily receipts
about $60. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A — $1100 — SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush sts; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest stock' of liquors. All particulars of
• Pw. G. WILKE. 26»4 Koarny st.
A— $1100— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
. store; rent $40; dally receipts $45; plaoa
clearing; about $175 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny at.
A — $175tf— CORNER' grocery and bar on
O'Farrtll St.; place kept by present owners
S years and doing a good paying cash busi-
ness; fresh stock; value In right. R. G.
WILKE. L'flK Kearny et. ¦
A— «660— CORNER bakery, with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market St.;
will be sacrificed If eold at once; owners to
leave city. Call It G. WILKE, 28^ Kearny.
A — $«G00 — CORXER taloon with 5 years' lease;
cloee to Flood building: this is the choicest
location in this city and a flrst-class paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 28% Keamy «t.
A — $750 — CANDY store and Ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc.. on Devisadero et. ; 3
living rooms; n. splendid location and good
business &ec R. G. WILKK. 26 Va Kearny.
A — $3000: COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
at.; rent $40; lease; 3 horses. f> wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. "WILKE. 26 % Koarny st.
A— $1650; COR. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50; lease; a flret-class paying place In
choicest location: $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
A — $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest location; rent $80; dally receipt*
about $70; a good business, • but sickness of
owner compels htm to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKJE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $S50; CORXER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid
location ar.d rare business chance. See R.
O. WILKE. 28^ Kearny at.
A BAKERY across the bay, with let 50x100;
house of 4 rooms, 2 etorles; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price $3800; not all cash required: a
good business. Call oa R. G. WILKE. 2«H
Kearny st. ¦
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A- CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060.
8 Eddy et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-bouses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new. and elegantly
furnished; up-to-date apartment-house; haa
fine bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
nup chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of house; other business
Interests demand Immediate departure.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
"P-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; on« of the best buys In the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable: all full; clears $100; part cash.
86 rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house In city; electric elevator; well fur-
nished; guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 per
month; books open for Inspection; everything
la flrst-clasj shape; on account other business.
30 rooms: rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; cloee in; fine money-maker.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 6-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $800 per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms; rent $40; close In; oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
46 rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
touth of Market; fine bar; well stocked; brick
building; electrla lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; flne downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In $."0 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses: 4 'rooms landlady;
price $1600. ,•
50 rooms; new; modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-class Proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building- In
one of the best cities In Southern California;
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 9-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
Ing $250 to $300 per m6nth; owner sick abed.
23 rooms; well furnished: first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks oft* Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
31 rooms; rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap: only $800
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease: flrst-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $600 per month; must
sell on account other business; only with us.
9-roam. new, modern flat: 4 months c elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
50 rooms; elegantly furnished: 'fine location-
close In; new and modern throughout: full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate: only faoe of mortgage now
on It asked: chance of a lifetime.
90 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture: high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern: flrst-class grill In
conrectlon: best proposition In city; called
Ewt.
24 rooms: rent $145; n«w and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
good lease.
17 rooms: rent only $70; oak furniture Ax-
minster carpets; flne location; clears $80'- flne
buy. .
8 rooms: flne upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
?450. •
28 rooms: oak fur.; velvet carpets; close in:
can be run as boardlnjr-house If desired; $1800.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building: flne entrance; cheap rent;' clear-
ing $400 per month: 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
15 rooms; rent $85: well furnished: all new;
SflOO down, balance 1H per cent: flne buy; only
$1250. " .
25. rooms; rent only $60: north Market; all
full; clears $100 per month: prire $1800; win
eschang* for small chicken ranch.
1GB rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
femllv hotel in city; all full and clearing 3400
to $600 per month: books open for Inspection-
obliged to leave city. . .
7-room flat: rent ?40: oak furniture; good
carpets: sickness; price $350.
72 rooms: rent S400; elegant new bulldlne-
swell family hotel: beautiful furnishings: I
clearing $600 ner month: every room full; will J
stan'd the strictest Investigation; location un- I
surpassed.
MITCHELL & CO.... ......Phone J>ss!e 2081
1206 Market et., opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house- rent'
$40; sell or exchange ; price $C50.
63 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient:
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished!
26 rms.; choice corner, rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping suites'"
landlady must pell; make offer. .•".-*' ,
MITCHELL & CO.. ,1206, Market st.
100 ROOMS, aunny corner, rent $125 $4W>
. 40 rooms, south, of Market, rent $110. ; 2fi00
; 46 rooms. Mission warm belt, rent $65 . ««.v>
20 rooms, summer resort. \ rent $400 yr. ~550
14 rooms, flne location, rent low. ...... 700
- Hotels «nd summer resorts. ./
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny st :
$1200 FOR IS fin* rooms: In good busings lo-
cality; rent $75. H. DOYLE. 1023 Market. >
22 ROOMS: ; $800: first -daw place; In down-'
town center. HARRY DOYLE. 1023 Market
FLATS TO LET.
! AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT. "
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list.
i ed In our free renting department; over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
• v let us rive you a list and help you to find a
i place; we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
, A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service . absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you tlr»e and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239 Geary
st., on the square.
NEW upper 5- room Mission flat: sun every
room; latest porcelain plumbing:: rent $17 3<>.
6 "West ave.. ohone Scott 2<J66. ; ' ;
ELEGANT, sunny, cor. flat. 2 stories, 12 ran,
2 baths; marine view; 973. Tel. Geary 448.
LAUREL ave.. 221. off Van Ness ft., betTTurk
and Eddy — Four rooms and bath.
LARGEST list of hous«s and flats to let. Call
on LYON St HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
LINDEN ave.. 006 — Three. nice sunny rooms.
- basement; rent $11.
MODERN new sunny 3 -room flat, yard. 1006
Capp st., near 23th.
PINE. 706 H, near Powell — Upper flat. 6 rooms
and bath; sun ail day; modern: $37 30.
SEVENTEENTH, 41S2, near Caatro-st. cars—
Sunny upper flat, 7 rooms, bath, basement.
SOMETHING new; 4 rooms; see It to-day.
887 Hayes st.
SEE the 4 room*, bath, at 037 Hayes to-day:
nothing like it In city: moderate rent.
FLATS TO LET — FURXISHED.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms and bath: new; rea-
sonable. 1323 Guerrero: phone Church 8338.
FLATS FOR SALE: Ftn.MSlIED.
NICELY furnished »-room flat; best of furni-
ture: room* all rented: must be sold i-n-
medlately; no reasonable offer refused. 723
Eddy st.
FURNISHED flat of 9 rooms for tale reason-
able in North Beach district: furniture alt
tr-arly new and In first-class condition. Bo*
2983. Call office.
SUNNY upper furnished flat, 7 rooms; 4 bar
windows; corner; all front rooms; $300. 1S&1
Fifteenth *t . corner Dolores.
NEWLY furnished flat of 7 rooms; rent $."3:
must be sold at once; a snap at $173. 1012
Golden Gate ave.
NEW furniture of a modern, sunny flat. 3
rooms and bath, completely furnished. 3279
Twentieth St., near Folsom.
VAN" NESS ave.. 807— Fcr sale, cheap, furni-
ture in 7-room flat: several rooms rented.
Hours. 10 to 3 Sat, and Sun., after 3 wk. days.
FLAT of S rooms for sale, cheap. 1st Va-
lencia st.
FIVE rooms: furnished; sunny tipper flat;
rents $20. 608^ Cuerrero st.
NEATLY furnished flat: north of Market; clow»
tn: must be sold. Particulars box 4449. Call.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— A furtiished bouse "or" Bat, with
three or four bedrooms and servants' room
from August 12 to September 12. Box 42al.
Call of flee. -
"FI'RXITITIB FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stores and
household goods of every description; fiats
bought. Mission Aue. House. 423-409 Valencia.
FURNITURE of a four-room cottage for «a>.
$S3; complete for housekeeping. Address
box 4303. Call offlce.
SOLID oak furniture cheap; 3 rooms. 4 Bond
at., near TwWtth and Mission.
FUn.MTLIlE WA.VTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 MUsion. phone Red 4162.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt. ;tel.Howard 275i^
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairtlressinsr.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to £
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fili Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 203 Geary »t., room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both «ea*ons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $13; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wit up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. lo.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdres3lns
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jcnes, room D4; positions secured
at highest wagea; day^and eve. c!a»3; call.
A — WANTED, operators on ladles' waists -
good pay. «56 Mission st., third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear «34
MUslcn st., third floor.
A— WANTED, a young lady who understand.!
sketching for catalogue work: two days a
week employment. tioO Mission st.. thirl
floor; apply between a and 10 a. m.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' wash oversklru
656 Mission 8t., third floor.
WANTED — Girl for general housework In
Sausallto: must be good cook: liberal wage*:
small family. Apply 1121 Laguna st., Saa
Francisco, between 10 and 12 Monday a. rn.
RAPID coat operators wanted; high wages to
the right people. Apply Monday. b*t. 7 -SO
and 8 a- m.. 9. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Oeary 3;.
YOUNG girl to help In general housework;
three In family. Call Monday at 1331 Post
street. : • -.-•
GIRL, general housework small family. 420O
California at.; Eddy-st. cars, cor. 4th ave.
GERMAN irtrl for upstairs work: assist wit*
grown children. Pit Page st., near Scott.
WANTED — Girl for cooking: and housework-
wages ?23. 1SS8 Fell st.
FIRST-CLASS makers and apprentices wanted
in millinery store at 602 McAllister St.
YOUNG Kir! wanted to a*slat In" light house-
work: good home. 221 BarUett st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED — Reliable Protestant woman;
chambermaid and plain sewing: references-
¦waives $30. Address B.. box 30. Rosa Station.
WANTED— Refined, middle-aged lady, no In-
cumbrance; companion to lady; small wage«
and good home; references. Adirtsa box
1075. Call effice. Oakland.
WANTED— A girl to take care of child 2 years
old; wages $15; references. Call 2520 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— A good girl for cooking and house-
work; good wages. Call 3601 Clay it.
WOMAN to train for position with local flnn;
no traveling. Box 4532. Call offlce.
¦WAITRESS wanted: call Monday. «31 C!ay st.
WETNURSE wanted: apply Monday 1 to 3 p.
m.. to PR. LEW1TT. SOO Van Nesa avs.
YOUNC'ctrl to assist with houaswork. S90S
Seventeenth st.: good home.
PANTS finishers. S. N. WOOD * CO. 27
Geary ft.
WANTED— First-class waist and ooat helpers.
J. BAER. 12C0 Oeary st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch nfflce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
HELP WAXTED MALE.
MEN can go to Alaska, get a timber homestead
and an interest In th« enterprise: good wagea
and permanent position; this is the working-
man's opportunity; we pay 6 per ceat and a
dividend mi ail money Invested. Address Th«
Alaska Mutual Fisheries and Industrial Co..
A. C. Jennings. Sec., room A. Times building
Seattle. Wash.
WANTED — Those who served In the U. S. Vol-
unteers In the war with Spain and the Philip-
pine rebellion to apply for two months' extra
pay. which is now due. For particulars, call
or address F. B. WILSON. 456 Parrott bl.!s ., *
San Francisco; open f.cia 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED — Competent salesman for lubricating
greases and oils; must be experienced; all
applications must state age. salary required,
giving references; confidential. Address box
4127. Call offlce.
WANTED — A shoemaker that is a musician for
Interior town; good proposition; cornet or
clarinet player preferred. Address B. V.
. NKWBY. Dlxon. Cal.
WANTED^Laborers and mechanic* to know
Uhat Ed Rolk!n. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Housp.
217 Third St.; 25O rooms; 25c to 50c per algh^
WANTED— Cashier and credit man In whole-
sale house; give age and reference. Address
box 4262. Can offlce. . _
WANTKD— Man tend offlc* and collect; $C0
month; $300 deposit. 83 Mason. rMB 1>THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 190i.
11
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY. _
REAL ESTATE.
WANTED — A fine 7 or S room house In Oak-
land in a good location for cash; not too »ar-
ont. P. C Lassen. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'RJtlTCnE^FOri^^ALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture H. Schelhaas,llthst.,cor.store^Oakland.
ROOMS POR*flIOPSigK— EP-Sfc^
*~ vt*MBERT"of very desirable sunny apart-
ments, 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath lollet.
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charles. 15C0
Sacramento at., near Larkin.
ARDELL. 15 Page st.— 2 sunny front connect,
housekeeping run. : gas range- $3 wk.; others.
OSTRO. 429, nr. 17th. rear — 3 pleasant sunny
unfurnished housekpg rooms; large yard; $10.
ELLIS. 310— Parlor suit?, suitable for an office
or light housekeeping. 'sC] *-
ELLIS. C65— 2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished:
gas range, running water; $25. ¦
FOURTH, 491 — Front and back parlor for
housekeeping; also double and single rooms.
GEARY, 1040, bet Polk and Van Ness— Beau-
tiful f-unny housekeeping rooma.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 439 — Three very desir-
able housekeeping rooms.
oT'ERRERO. 1321 — Extra nice mnny rforcs:
rear-rnable. Phone Church 053<?. '
HYDE, 112 — Housekeeping rooms; suites and
single; cas ranges; new; }11 to $22 month.
HYDE, 528 — Nicely lur. front parlor suite; al*o
3 *ur.ny basement rooms. Phone Hyde 030.
I KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
Bunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rate »3O up.
MCALLISTER. MS— Sunny front suites. $16,
$14, $7; gas range, hot bath, laundry; adults.
1 PAGE, 27S — Two sunny housekeeping rooms or
single. I I ;
TAYLOR, 011—2 furnished rooms, gas. range,
sink. $10; sinsle room, gas range, $0 5O.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367— ?12: 2 front house-
keeping rooms In Mission warm belt. -
APARTMENT HOUSES.
A ET. HILAIRE APARTMENTS *
— LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEARY.'
Will be ready for occupation in a few
days. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath — 2. 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat: electric light; ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS — — —
Will be finished March 15.
10S4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
rath each: all unfurnished: $30 to $45.
Make reservations now.
THE LUNGER. MS Octavla. cor. Hayes — Just
completed; sunny: modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights: private
baths' $40 up; refs.: aUo doctor's offices.
ST. CECTLE.H5 Fell, above Van~Nees— The
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-room
spartments; private baths, steam heat. el«c-
erlc lights, elevator, gas ran-ea: $10 to $55
R0O3IS TO LET Fnrn. nnd Unfurn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom its.— Ne-r
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $160 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
.25c to $1 per night, SI 23 to ti per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st)— Rooms. 2&C. SOc. $1. $1 SO night:
$1 SO to $10 week: House open all night
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rooms at the
¦U'averly rooming house. 841 O'Farrell st.
BURNETT. 142tt Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). CIS Post. nr. Taylor— Juit
cpened: desirably located; sunny, single roo:n«
and cultes. with private baths, hot and ceil
water, ctram heat electric lights. i..ion» every
room; *leva:or. Phone Ea«t 1317 if desired.
EDDY. 116. near Mason — Nicely furn. front
room or nunny suite; prices reasonable.
FOR tingle gentleman. In private home <r.o
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blcrks from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call office.
FRANKLIN, 721, nr. Golden Gate ave. — Sunny
furn. front room; all conveniences: $S-$12.
FREDERICK. 537— Well furnished rooms: also
housekeeping; splendid Park view and air.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 23 night: $1 50 to $8 wk. : reading-room.
GUERRERO. 1323 — Large sunny rooms, single
or en -suite; reasonable. Phone Church J.VW.
JESSIE. 363. east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
front room, $7; 2 gentlemen, $10 per month.
KEARNY, 215 — Front room; also back suite
for housekeeping.
MASON, 213 V4 — Sunny bay-window front room;
other rooms, $2 per week up; clean; quiet.
PINE. 1300, cor. Hyde — Large furnished room;
running water; grate; 1 or 2; $10.
POST. 631 — Sunny room, suitable for one or
two ladles; $8 or $10; conveniences.
4"OWELL, 509 — Large sunny rear room; suit-
able for one or two men.
RINCON ave., 7, off Second st, bet Brannan
and Townsend — Nice, clean front furnished
room in German family.
ROTAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoklng-rocm and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 SO; week. $2
to $8; month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor;. rooms with hot and cold water; baths. -
THE AVOCA. 837A Mission— Furn. rooms by
the day, week or month; prices reasonable.
TURK. 780— Modern parlor suite; sunny ¦ and
nicely furnished; a quiet home, for gentleman.
TURK, 12W — Front single room: $1 50 week.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — ICO
room*. 33e to $1 night $1 73 to 16 week;- elec-
tric lights <no gas), running water In every
room: elevaior.re.Jd. -room: free bus: baggage.
VALENCIA, 580. bet. 16th and 17th. (new
flat) — Three elegantly furnished bay window
rooms, miltable fcr doctor or dentist; board
if required; apply oa premises; ref. required.
VAN NESS ave.. 510 — Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones — Nicely furnished
rooms. $2: tunny suites, $5 per week; baths
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
35c to $1 SO night: $2 to $S week; elevator:
- elec. .lights: readlng-rocm: free bus: baggage. !
WOLF House, 202 Sixth — Electric light In every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 75c to $5 a week;
cpen-all night: convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and n-bscriptlor.* ha* been
opened at 1003 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 n. it.
ROOMS AXD ROARD.
""^""""^^EDGEMERE HOTEL. )
731 Bush St.. above Powell; selectX flrst-
class resldental hotel: elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed : electric light; steam
¦ heated and private exchange telephones In
every room; terms reasonable.*
B. DU CARPE. Prop.
OCTAVIA. SW. cor. Sacramento, overlooking
Lafayette square — Can accommodate a few
|' adults .with excellent rooms and board. .
r___ — _ — : _____
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
• ¦ SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
:':¦ PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 700.
' EARLCOURT ~~"
1011 PINE ST. —A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING; EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
~~ HOTEL HATTON.
977 ¦ Pine st, near • Taylor: elegantly furnished
suites, private baths; all modern conveniences;
American cr- European plan. ' ..."
HOWARD. S41A— First-class board with room,
single cr double.' $1 59-$5 week; American
family: hom» cooking: home, comforts: piano..
ST. IX3UIS. - 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone East 13oO.
HOTEL EL6MERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms:
'¦ excellent table; from $40; single $25. '«,
HORSES AXD WAGO5S.
REGULAR auction sales of horses, buggies,
v.-aerons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at C15 Ellis st.; all horees guaranteed
to be as reprcs-r.ted. i?. WATKJNS, Auc-
tioneer. Phone East 743. ~
AUCTION eale of horse* every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st.; every horse must be
as represented cr money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
5"0— BAY mare; gocd driver; also good under
saddle; must b»» sold at once. Apply to L.
J. 1I0RAN. 2131 Sbattuck ave., -.opposite
Berkeley station.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
session begins June fl. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE— A mare « years old; good driver
and gentle. Box 2TC0. Call office.
!sO HEAD young ttock. 7 to 14 months old.
Apply J. LEIPS1C. 1421 Buchanan at.
FOR sale — A 6-year-old jack. Inquire at S55
Mlnr.a st.
HORSE 6 years old for eale. Box 2961. Call
office.
WANTED — A horse for driving; state price,
etc. Box 2073, Call office.
WANTED — A good unaad work horse about
1200 pounds. Box 2»C3. Call office.
CAMPING house wagon; great fcr theatrical
rattles. Owner at G40 Howard it.
AUCTION everj- Tuesday, 11 a. m., cf horses,
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom et.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest asscrtmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. our-
rey.hsrness.work.drivine horse*. 15th-Valencia.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PHINTED list of houses to let; !=end for cir-
cular. G. HUTMBSHN & CO.. 20 Montgomery-
M-ALI.1STEH. 12C0— 12 rooms, bath and bil-
liard-room; $60: water free: modern.
SEE Renting Department M. Friedman & Co..
237 Post st-. for nice flats and houses.
BKFORE moving pet our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOtSES TO LET FlRNiSUBD.
A — 10 LARGE rooms, piano, bath, basement,
ftirny fide Faeramento st.. near Pierce; will
lease. For rertnit to in«v>ect apply to SPECK
& CO.. 203 Montgomery »t.
HOUSES Kl'RMSUED — FOR SALE.
$500 — FURNISHED* cottlgeT
rent $23; 3 rooms bring rent; all full: cen-
tral location; garden, bath, cellar, hot and
(^••ld water. 257 Fourth ft., barber shop.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — A yellow handbag going from Howard
and Rusp to Mission and Sixth sts. Please
return to MRS. BJECK. 113 Russ St.; keep
money.
LOST' — Esquimaux bitch; name Zaza: with
harness. Return 23*5 Taylor st. ; reward.
LOST — Lady's cren silver watch with mono-
gram. Revrard at 021 Mission st.
LOST — Esquimaux bitch; name Zaza; with
harr«-s6. Return 236 Taylor st. ; reward.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
meihods are always safe, calnless and reli-
able: I hav« no failures; cure guaranteed; no
e-ort/itant fees: 17 years' experience in ail
female <iieorden§; call cr write without delay:
afivke free; correspondence confidential.
DR. "WHITE, 7C2 Market st.. rooms 7 and S.
MRS. DR. WYETU. specialist for all female
coreplairts and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: :'.O years' experience. 82d Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reiiablo specialist for all fe-
n-.ale troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1H..S~ Market St.. opp. Sth.
DR. G. W. ODOXXELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this rpeclalist on female
ccmrialrts; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helred; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. IOLS Market st. •
A DESTITUTE women's friend: free secluded
horn* duricr cor.Snement: also housekeeping
rooms; infants adopted in good homes.
MRS. DR. FUNKE 141« Sth St.. Alam'da.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
.in obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10: hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a, private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St., corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee $10.
DR. and MR?. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112fl Market st.
DP. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
t'r.'.c- TQUare: all ij'.yea?"!' rq-fd bv h»rby.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIX-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont et.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting cr coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pair.;-?,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc, bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale »t.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof **aint; guaranteed
to stot) all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1423.
A— FINE suits. $7 00; drew pant*. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, tn-
fflnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Fpear st. '
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 no.
Popular Price Hatter, 430 Kearny tt, near
Pine; oren to Op. m.; Sundays to nocn.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid. : catalog free.
3*_c ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting. j«iper!ng. M. MEK-
IGAN, 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
PRINTERS — Special, bargain* in presses, type,
material ; complete outfits. HOAO, 513 Market
FOR sale, cheap— Fine large safe with heavy
steel vault:. 554 Hayes st.
SHOE repairing shep for sale: In country. Ad-
dress JOSEPH LEDDY, Williams, CaJ.
FOR sale— One CO-light electric bath cabinet.
Particulars Electric Worka, 227 Ellis st.
FOR sale — Piano, music box. organ. harn?ss
" and modern house. 422 Orang* Ft., Oakland.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN, b03 Hayward bldg.
Encyclopedia Britannica; Scribner edition; half
morrocco. King'e old bookstore. CI McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged.
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second -
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market rt.
DEEKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission; tel. Buah 467.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. JB. Beck & Co.. 122 Mket.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucki. EACIGALUPI, 033 Market.
DESKS acd ea_fcs; eee the complete line at 181 «
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HeIv
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain*. Bollard & Breck. 131 Post *t
SAFES— New and second-hand! E ~B ~BECK
&.CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4C Fremont st.
ASK for prices on eecend-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER tc CO.. 110 Montg'y.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Can. 16 i mcm, sent to any address In ths
L cited States ar Canada one year for $1.
ailSCELLA.NEOLS WAJfTS.
WANTED— Light steel or iron rails eight or
twelve pound. In pood condition. EDWARD
E. ELS WORTH. Nile.", Cal.
EHOES wanted: misfit & castoff; highest prcs. ;
new & "ti hand e tot*. for sale. 749 Mission'
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing; tend postal. ¦ MORRIS, 043 Folscm.
TILTON wants good eecond-hmd clothing and
theatrical c-oods. 151 9th «t; tel. Jrxsie 2&1. <
REAL ESTATE— -CIT V— -FOn^S ALE.
"cheapest and choicest home
building lots.
On Official Grades in Sunset District.
SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED.
Between H and I Street?.
In Blocks Fronting Golden Gate Park.
ELECTRIC CARS PASS THESE
PROPERTIES.
Sold on Your Own Terms and
Monthly Installments.
Price *8io and Upward.
See Thes* Bulldinw Site? and Jud^e for Yourself
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
Branch Office. Corner H St. and Seventh Ave.
Open Every Day. Including Sundays.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MARINE VIEW
RESIDENCE SITES.
Selling fast! Prices most reasonable. Terms
to suit.
Property and streets on official grades; g<;wer
work done; see the buildings now going on in
block.
Bounded by Vallejo, Green, Broderlck \ and
Baker sts. . Select your building- site. For fur-
ther information apply at office.
BALDWX & HOWELL.
25 POST STREET.
FOR SALE.
' Beautiful well-built cottage of 7 rooms,
bath and fine basement: • brick foundation:
close to 4 lines of cars: see the owner; call
before noon. 2_ Third ave.. Richmond Dis-
trict.
llO.SOO; cash $2000; 3 swell flats not yet com-
pletid. but rented for $1200 per year; Seventh
ave. boulevard. TCO-2-4, near Fulton st.; 1G
minutes from City Hall; all nleht car serv-
ice; every Dosslble latest improvement. In-
cluding bltuminlared street; 25x11*0. .Apply on
premises from 2 to 5.
$1.CS PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots in the
ExceUlor Homestead Tract; aU level, no
grading to do: ready to build your little tftime
en: cloee to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. Room 5.
$27;O— HOUSE, d r. and b., with stable; 4029
Stiih St.; t>maU payment, down, bal. like rent.
$1200— For 2 cottacei on .57:0 ft. of
ground; rent* $S ironth each; Arlington St.
P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission St.
(350C — 2 NICE flats on. Sanchez St., near 2»th:
high basement, brick foundation, nice barn
and driveway; sanitary plumbing. Box
*2V7, Call office.
t'2:-0O— 2 FLATS of 4 and 5 rooms, baths; good
location; Income $25 per month. Apply 3310
. Mission st. '
BUILD on your unimproved realty; w* loan
¦ full cost lmprov. and part lot at U per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
12-R00M hou*e must be sold for mortgage.
¦ m Bins. •
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. S30 Howard.
It KAL ESTATE Conntry For Sale.
~~wT i." white!!
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
f 15.500— 103 acrts; all level; 1 mile of town;
Contra Costa County; elegant U-room house; 2
large barns; 7 poultry houses; 2 large gran-
aries; income about »J0uo a year; best ranch
in the county.
$30,000 — Ki&math Co., Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on Big Klamath Lake; 3000 acres; cut
about HVO tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of grain; well fenced and cross-
fenced; Kovd S-room residence; farming imple-
ments; 10 hores; 3 good barn», etc.
ilO.tX'A) — In Sonoma Co.: fciUO _cren weH fenced
In ti fields: ii'iune: a large barns; dairy house;
well watered; i'oO acres tillable; all level; 24
acres fe-year-old orchard; 30 head cattle; 'JO
hogs; fanning implements, etc.; $5000 mort-
gage; trade for bay property.-
*27.COO— IrT Placer Co.. on R. R.— 16S0 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; & good
barns; tanning implements; 90 head cattle: V2
head horses; pienty water to irrigate; part cash.
$>5tt> — Ecld by order of Superior Court, 1080
acres, near Point Arena, 200 acres fine potato
land; api<le orchard; 600 acres more could be
planted; SuO acres h*avy timber; well Im-
proved and fenced; fine dairy or Btock ranch.
$.7K!0— Best ranch In Southern Oregon; .TJO
acres; 2 sets good Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses: farming tools: outside range.
$3250 — Only. 2 miles of town. 163 acres; 10
acres old vineyard; family urchard; 60 acres
clover or alfalfa: under a ditches; large new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; farming implement*; only
J1WK) down.
)2500 — ICO acres near boaf and cars, Sonoma
Co.; good tf-room house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry, *'JM);
job can be had with the place. . -
f'2oV0 — One mile P. O.. schools and store*;
255 acres: 40 level: 10 could be lrrlsated;
house, larce barn, outhouses: well fenced and
cross- fenced ; liy hens; new buggy, wagon,
farming tools: some stock; 3 wells; water piped
to buildings; furniture.
?lStu— Two and a half miles live town and
R. Bis 400 acres; 40 in grain on creek; about
ICO acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
ing orchard; balance timbered pasture; house,
tarn, etc.; fine place lor resort or sanitarium:
not far from city.
$.'>000— 3 miles cf Santa Cruz; 47 acres; 13
unVr cultivation, balance fine pasture; 3C5
assorted fruit trees; 1500 grapes; windmill and
tank; water piped to builduus and yards:
splendid h-room hard-finished house. good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses; 2
cows: 7 dozen hens; single ana double buggies
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture:
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
82CC0 — 1W) acres, S miles of Na^a City, 2
miles. P. O. ; 30 acres under cultivation; 15
acres full bearing fruit; 15 acres fine grain;
«..* acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry houses,
incubator, brooders. 2 wagons. '1 carts, horse,
cow, poultry, tcols.
J30<X) — 100 acres, at station and near Santa
Cruz; ".5 acres clear: orchard: 10- room house:
outbuildings; mortgage fi'000: trade equity.
$3500 — Near San Jose; 14 acres bearing fruit,
rnortly prunes; facilities for irrigation; build-
ingv.
• J.TJ50 — 20 acres sandy loam, only 2% mtles of
Petaluma; house, 5 rooms and bath: part cash.
J7S0 — Gold mine, with SO-foot shaft and fine
body of ore In *lght. El Dorado Co. ; assays
?14 a ton; would exchange for vacant lot.
S230O — W) acre*; 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
Feme tteep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; Rood "-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$35CU — Near Petaluma; 13 acres;' 6-room
house; good outbuildings; tools: wagon and
horse; 10 poultry houses; 400 hens; _ Incuba-
tors and brooders; a money-maker.
$1COO— Clcse to Bebastopol; S acres, 4 acres
bearing blackberries; family orchard; good
well; running water: fine Jersey cow; spring
wagon- harness; tools; furniture. ,
$4500 — Near Sebastopol; 24 acres; all level;
2 Cowing streams; « acres apples; 3 acres
blackberries: nice S-room hou«e. barb; drying
plant; outbuildings; horses: farming tools; ru-
ral delivery-
$2250—10 acres, all In aprleota Just com-
mencing to bear; (J miles from San Jose; lovely
hcrr.e; half cash.
$1700— In Sonoma City: 3V4 acres; all level;
good hcusc. barn, windmill, tank house; 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa: spring
wagon ;,5C0 chickens: feed house.
Send stamp, for printed list.
' TV. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery «t.. room 3.
PROl'ERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
FOR sale^-Country homes In every county In |
California, at all prices, from $400 00 to
$75,000 00. Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT.
952 Broadway. Oakland.
$10 A MONTH buy« a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit ' per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT tk KIMBROUOH. Sacramento. Cal
FOR sale — 52 acres. Including hay crop now
• growing: 3 hours by R. R. from S. F. ; cash
or exchange town lot: value '$2000. S. - H.
. TARR, room 217, Parrott building.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
- vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue* lent fr««. CM. WOOSTER CO.. W3
Market st. -
FOR sale — 300 acres . level land; Kings River
irrigated; ¦'. crops alfalfa; $30; easy terms.
Box 4250. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMED* HEAI. ESTATE. /
$52."0— A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time, two beautiful, up-to-date, modern C-
¦ room, flats on Clinton ave. ; . bay frontage:
beautiful marine view: elegant surf bathing J.
bathhouses, etc. this is a rare chance; don't
overlook tt. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1422
Park st. >; : ¦¦-¦¦¦¦¦.- ¦¦ - ¦ -- .- ¦ .
A— $2C0O; LOT 53x114. on Park st., with fine
cottage of 6 rooms: beautiful grounds'; with
furniture- $3000. See R. G. WILKE, 2054
Kearny at. : . " ¦' '. .
NEW complete cottage. 5 rooms, open for In-
spection this week and until sold. 102C Fair
Osks ave.. Enclnal Park station. Alameda. •
ALAMEDA, FPIIJUSHED HOUSES, ;
FIVE-ROOM h0U3< and bath; convenient to
both stations. 1520 Bay st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A. MURDOCK. & CO.v South Berkeley station,
for bargains; we build, buy, sell or exchange.
(Tuesday), at 0:30 o'cloc*. from the- parlors
• of James McMenomcy tc Sen. 1057 Mission
street, near Seventh, thence to St. Brendan'*
Church, where a requiem high mass 'will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Hoiy
Ctosi Cemetery.
GREENE— In this city. March IS. 1904. Gen-
eral Oliver DufJ Greene. U. .9. A., beloved
father of Henry E. R. and Nathaniel Greene
of Seattle. Wa»h.. and Oliver Dun! Green*
of San Francisco, and Mamie G. BottastoU.
widow of Major C. H. Boneatell - of PUtta-
burg Barracks. N. Y.. a native of New York,
aged 71 years 2 months" and 13 days.
C7"Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the Presidio
Chapel. Interment National Cemetery.
HARKINS — In this city. March X% 1904.
Dennis Harkins. beloved husband of the
late Catherine Harkins. and father of Mr«.
Mary Gray and Barn?y Harktns. a native
of County Galway. Ireland, aged 53 year».
A member of Riggers' and Stevedore.'
Union. Local No. 222.
C7 Remains at parlors of McFaddea. Me-
Brearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, b«-
(-tea Seventh and Eighth.
jACOBS^ — In this city. March IS, 130*. Le«
Jacobs, beloved husband of Agatha Jacobs,
and belovevl father of Mr.*. M. Spiro and
Clarence, Roland and Irene Jacobs, and
brother of Mrs. E. Goeler of this city. Mr*.
A. Abrams and David and Charles Jacob* of
New York, a native of Syracuse. N. Y..
aged r.O years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day. March 21. at 2 o'clock, at Si« law
residence, 1902 Webster street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero street*.
JES8EX— In this city. March 2O. 1904. lira.
Henry Jessen. a native of San Francisco.
KANE— In this city. March 18. 19O4. Cather-
ineKan*. a native of Ireland, ag?d 63 years.
C^Frtends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Monday), at
*:'M o'clock, from the parlors of Car«w A
English. 29 Van Nesa avenue. thenc« to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem masa will
be celebrated for th« repoae of her soul, com-
mencing at » o'ctock. Interment Holy Crew*
Cemetery.
KLAUENBERO— In this city. March 20. 1«H-
Herjnan. beloved husband of Sophia Klauen-
berg. father of Georgia and Hebna KUuen-
berg, son of PhUlp and Johanna KUuen-
berg. brother of Henry and Hu«o
Klauenberg and Mrs. L. Schilling, and
brother-in-law of Fr».l and Anna. Kuske and
Robert and Lin* Schieve. a. nativ* of Ger-
many, aged 36 years 7 months and 7 days.
KOEPT— In this city, March 2O, 1804. John
J.. beloved and eldest sen of John and EUm
Koept. and brother of Dora. Fred. Hilda
and Marie Koept. a native of San. Francisco,
aged Its yeara.
McGRATH— In this city. March 19. 1904,
Thomas F.. dearly beloved husband of Bell
McGratb. loving father of Maria and Frank
McGrath, and brother of John J. McGrath.
Mrs. J. Htckey of Alameda and Mrs. W.
Dwyer, a native of Tlpperary, Ireland, aged
3* years.
E^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at » o'clock, from hi* late resi-
dence. 357% Minna street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Churcb. where a requiem high mas*
will be celebrated for the repose of hia soui.
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cro«s Cem-
etery.
MILLER— Friends and acquaintances ar« re-
spectfully invited to attend the anniversary
solemn requiem high mass for the r«po»*
of the soul of Fannie d* C. Miller, at 10:30
i o'clock. Tuesday. March 22, at St. Raph-
ael's Church. San Rafael.
MULLER— In this city. March 19. 1304. Her-
mann F. dearly beloved huabar.d of Fannia
Muller. a native cf New York, aged 50
<yrars and 17 days
ET Friends are' invited to attend the
funeral services to-day. March 21. at 2
o'clock, at the Masonic Temple, corner Post
and Montgomery streets, to b« h^.d under
the auspices of California Lodge No. 1. F.
and A. M. Interment private.
MUNSON— In this city, March 20, 1801.
Clinton Munson M. D., aged S7 >ear« I
month- and 10 days. (.Taco.tva, \V_sh.,
papers {lease copy.)
C7" Interment private.
OLIVER— In this city March 1!>. 1904. HUl
Addie A Oliver, sister of Willis A. Oliver
of Santa Cruz Cal.. a native of Connecticut.
• C^Frlenda are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Monday), at 2
o'clock from the First Laptlst Church. Eddy
street, between Jonea and Leavenworth. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral
car from Eighteenth and Ooerr*ro streets.
Remains at the funeral p*rtors of Craig.
Cochran & Co.. 420 Golden Gate avenue.
O'MEARA— In this city. March 20. 19C4.
Johanna, beloved wife of the late Patrick
O'Meara of Bakersfield. Cal.. mother of
Catherine, Martha, Francis. Peter. Joseph
and Martin O'Meara. Mrs. C. Dunn* and
Mrs l>. Closkey. and aunt of Margaret and
Edward Gllman. a -native of County Tlp-
perary. Ireland, aged 6O years.
OWENS — In this city. March 2O 1904 Hannah
Helen, beloved daughter of Mr. B. and the
late P Owens, and sister of R. J.. M. A..
R. C. and E. J. Owens, a native of Saa
Francisco.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:43 o'clock, from her lat*
residence. . 12t» Tenth avenue (Sunset),
thence to St. Agnes Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th*
repoae of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Crc*s Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this city. March 20, 1!XM.
Caroline T. Phillips, a native of Riga,
roe County. N. Y.. aged Sti years » 11 r'.hs
and 5 day*.
ROWLAND — In this city. March 19. 1904.
Anna Maria, mile of Samuel Rowland, and
beloved mother cf George A.. Florence E.
and Elmer M. Rowland, a native of Santa
Clara. Cal.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral awrvice-
Tuesday. March _, at 2 o'clock, at Bunker
& Lunt'5 undertaking parlors; 26ti«t Mission
street. Interment Wednesday, at San Clara.
SAXTON— In Alameda. March 20. 19«>4. Edith
Eliza ?axton. beloved daughter of WllU-_
and Eliza Saxton and sister of Fre4 aad
Albert fa'axtcn and Mrs. Ben Beynon, _tr».
C. Richter and Mrs. Paul Williams, a natlv*
of Yorkshire. England, aged IS years 7
months and 10 days.
SHATTUCK— In this city. March 2O. VXH.
David Dustin beloved husband of Phoebe
Jane Shattuck. and father of Frank B. Shat-
tuck. Mrs. W. F. Holmes, Mrs. B. B. Kel-
logg and Mrs. Robert H. Renebome, a na-
tive of New Hampshire, aged 73 years 0
months and 20 days.
E7Frienc?a are invited to attend the
funeral services to-morrow (Tuesday). March
22 at 2 o'clock, at the Richmond Congre-
gational Church, corner Clement street aad
Seventh avenue. Interment private.
STORCK— In this city. March 20. 190*. at V
residence. 2063 Mission street. Ray. belove<l
wife of George Storck. mother of Rosle.
Wim* Francis and. Eva Storck. daughter
of Mrs. Bertha Nathan, and sister of M. S.
Nathan, a native of Hungary, aged 42 years.
Five Cent Error Cost $17,000.
The greatness of little things finds
frequent illustration In railroad opera-
tion. A case has Just been discovered
where, nine years ago, an error of 5
cents was made In the computation of
a rate sheet between two given points.
It u-as found upon investigation that
as a result of this error the two rail-
roads operating between the two points
have lost cpward of $17,000 during that
time. This shows why railroads are
so strenuously opposed to what are
considered inconsequential reductions
in rates. The business in question was
simply the passenger traffic between
Dallas, Tex., and a small town located
a few miles, away. It is the multipli-
cation of the little things that so se-
riously affects railway revenues; The
loss of a fraction of a cent per hun-
dred pounds on some commodities
means thousands if not millions of dol-
lars to the railroads and makes the
difference between profit and loss. It
Is only by the most zealous care that
railroads are enabled to maintain their
revenues on a paying basis, and it is
for this reason that the value of little
things is so !well understood by rail-
way officials generally.-— Engineering
Review.
: *
THE MTUD—RER WHO
IiACGHETX
SECOND OP THE SERIES OP
TI___U>'G SEA STORIES
BY ALBERT SOXXICHSEX. .
The Young California Author*
Who Is Now New York's-.
Literary Lion.
NEXT SUNDAY CAIXw
* . fr
ROOMS AXD BOARD— Contlnn»d.
IROQUOIS Apartments. 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
' worth; 2. 3 acd 4 rms.: open for Inspection.
SHOTWELL. 221. near ftlth — A nice sunny
room, with board, la a Protestant family.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
*ultt>. witn batjs: aUa flagle; homelike.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan 6c Church st*
A BRANCH offtc» of The Call for the r-ception
cf advertisements and mibscriDtlons has been
opened at 100$ Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until il p. m.
P.VPERII A.VG1XG. PAiyriXC. ETC.
ROOMS papered. S4 up: tinting. palntlag.
Harta-ann Paint Co.. 31!> Third: mi.Maln 413
-•^ A . < 9!^ .?.^?. A x -P- .?. t i pp . L1^?:
200 NEW White sewing machines for rent at
$2 cer month. Why not rent the bes:?
Wcite Sewing Machine Co., 3UO Post st. and
1S41 FiUmore st.
50 NEW White sewing machines, slightly sbop
worn, at half price or leas at 300 Post „
and 1341 FiUmore st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use:
best Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any price; all klnd.« rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1C21 Market, near SUth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $-';, $5. $5; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
OFFICE for Singer Sewing Machine Co.. 22+4
Mission St.. nr. 10th: all kinds rep., rented.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
LADIES, send your address to 1126 Market st..
f". F.. valuable lnform»Mr-; mom 2.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARJ
positively cured: new methods; 1 week's treat-
ir»nt free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 gutter st.
STORAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st. ur. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage ft Moving Co.. of-
nce Post and PoweU sts. : teL Prlv. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; Phone East 12ft.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. MO
Ml8«lcn tt.; tel. Howard MI. F. W. Zehfuss
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Me--? Com-
r-4ny. 320 Fillmore St.: phc-e Jackson 2"!.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 41 Montgomerr
it.; tel. Main 1340 Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERIXG AXD STAMMERING.
THE MELBOURNE SCHOOL for the cure of
stuttering and stammering, corner Van Ness
ave. and Market St., S. F.. has been estab-
lished in this city for 3 yeara and shall con-
tinue, for it is founded on true merit and ha<
the commendation of reputable physicians
everywhere. It teaches a superior system
and challenges results. No wholesale cl_s
work, but 6 hours" Individual teaching daily,
reducing nervous obstruction to speech anJ
leading to thorough control. Within reach
of all. Business hours. 1 to 5 p. m.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
, AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. 425; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 SOl -The
Typewriting Exchacgf. J.10 California at/
A FEW gocd typewriters at $30 each: get par.
ticulars of L.& M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. COS Market.
DIVIDEXD .NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bul!d-
irg Society. Sth floor. Mutual Savings Ban*
building. 70S Market St.. opposite Third —
For the half year ending 31st of December.
1903. a dividend^ has been declared at tin
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates.
free of tases. payable en and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 190*. JOSEPH A. LEO.N.
ARD. Manager HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies — Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal.,
March ». 1004.— Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses in San Fran
Cisco Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received fcere until 11 o'clock
a. ra . Saturday, March 26. 1904. and opened
immediately thereafter, in presence of bld-
" ders. Specifications, general Instructions to
btd-liT* and blank forma of proposals will be
furnl-hed to established deal»ra on applica-
tion to C. R. KRACTHOFF. MaJ. Com'y.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. March 14. 19O4 —
Sealed proposals in triplicate will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. in.. April 14.
1DO4. and then opened, for construction of
frame subsistence storehouse at the Infantry
Cantonment, Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.
Government restrves the right to reject or
accept any cr all bids In whole or In part.
Information furnished on application to WM.
S. PATTEN. A 4 is tan t Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Q M. -
EIRTHS—HABRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b* handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons nuth.riz-i1 to hare the same published*
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event ere published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN*.
OODDARD-Jn this city. March 12. 1904. to
the wife of Alfred George tioddard. a
daughter.
DIED. ~
Antor.ia. Slsttr Mary McGrath. Thomas F.
Cavanaugh. James Miller. Fannie de C.
Collins Jane L. Muller. Hermann F.
Combe, Jewel Munson. Dr. Clinton
Davles. Jane Oliver. Addie A.
Dillon. Bridget O'Meara. Johanna
Greene. Gen. O. D. Owens, Hannah H.
Harkins. Dennis Phillips. Caroline T.
Jacobs, Lee Rowland. Anna M.
Jessen. Mrs. Henry S_x.*on. Edith Eliza
Kane. Catherine Shattuck David D.
Kiauenb»rg. Herman Storck. Ray
Koept, John J. ¦£.•: ,
ANTONIA— In this city. March 19. 1904. at
Mount St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum.
Sister Mary Antonia.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
TMonday) from Mount St. Joseph's Infant
: Orphan Asylum. ' where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose cf her
; soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAVANAUGH— In the City ard County Hv*-?
pltal. March 20, 1904. James Caranaugh, a
native of New York, aged So years.
COLLINS— In this city. March 19. 1804. Jane
L.. dearly beloved wife of the late Dennis
W. Collins, mother of Mary L. Collins, be-
loved daughter of the late George and Mary
Dwyer, and beloved sister of John H.,
Giorge E., Lottie W. and the late Thomas
F. Dwyer. a native of San Francisco, aged
37 yeara, 5 months and 30 days.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0:30 o'cloclc. - from her late
residence. 274CL Baker street, thence to St,
Vincent de Paul's Church, where a requiem
masa will be celebrated for the repose of
her. soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
¦ Cross Cemetery.
COMBS— In this city. March 20. 1904. Jewel,
beloved daughter of Katharine Combs and
the late William Henry Combs, and sister
of Lotus. Tiny and Muriel Combs, a native
of C-liforcia.
C7Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral servleea,
to bit held at 10:30 o'clock Tuesday. March
22. at the Church of the Advent, Eleventh
and Market streets. Interment Wednesday
morning, at Napa. •
DA VIES— In Truckee. March 19. 1904. Jane
relict of Llewellyn Da vies, and mother > of
Llewellyn Jr.. Richard and Arthur Davles,
Mrs. EUza Thorrold. Mrs. Jamea Mcraa.
Mrs. P. Sinclair and Mrs. F. Richards a
native of South Wales, aged W yeara* 11
months and 3 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, front the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 94S Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and . Guerrero streets. -
DILLON — In this oity. March 20, 1904. Bridget
beloved wife of the late Thomas Dillon, and
(•Ister of Matthew and Andrew' Canavan.
Mrs. Samuel Heather of London. England,
and the late James and Norah Canavan, a
native of Clly of Galway. Ireland, aged S4
years. ' A member of Garfield Post No 21.
Ladies' Relief Corp*.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full Invite- to attend the funeral to-morrow
James McGinn. ' Henry Hansea. ¦
JAMES McGINN it CO.. I
v Formerly With McGinn Bros.. I
• — — Funeral Directors and Embalmers— I
214 Eddy st. ; Tel. South 678. - |
MOSEY TO IiOAX^^.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-602-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgage*, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of renta; property In trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property ourchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 0 PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-S-S-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
. lot, lid or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country. .
Low rate of Interest.
(Jive full particulars
cf property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call Office. .
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsurs, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business in
4*5 principal citiea. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
wlthcut removal or other Eecurlty: no com.;
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. *:S Doaohoe b'.dg.. 1170 Market St.
HIGHLY rreuectable private place to obtain
liberal a£vanc<s on diamonds, Jewelry, at -
per cent lntereat. Baldwin Jewelry ?tore,
S48 Market: tel. Main JO44. Branch, 19 Third
1 PER cent on furnltur* or pianos: no removal:
no commission; r.o publicity: $25 up: quick
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery Ft., rm. 7.
MON'tT to lean en low interest : KOld. *tlvtsr.
diamond*, pearla and precious ttones bought
at W. J. HEaTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy metlifd — To wage earners on unln-
dor«ed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, room* 4S-43. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes nnd other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos: strict
privacy :no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI. 3C1 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loen Bank. 638 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy »t.
1_ PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
' Savings Bank building. 708 Market St.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employer. It. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. rtCfi Examiner building.
MUSICAL IXSTUUMEXTS.
BARGAINS fN SECOND-HAND PIANOS AS
FOLLOWS:
Two Steinway, one Chlcktring, one Sterling,
one Kaines Bros., two Steck. one Steinway
grand and one Steck grand; also many other
piano* from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up, all fully guaranteed.
BEXJ. CURTAZ &. SON*. 16 O'Farrell ?t.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
$50 up; greatest bargains ever offered In fr-an
Francisco; a!l makes. We • rent upright
pianos for $2 per month; new at $3 per
month: all money paid sprites on purchase.
Heine Piano Co.. 235-237 Geary st. Oakland
address 1252 Broadway.
THE planoe of the "late OTTO BENDIX, con-
Eisting of Knabe grands and Kohler & Chass
uprights, all purchased last June, are of-
fered for sal'r at a large eacrific«. Apply at
once to MRS. OTTO BENDIX, California
Conservatory. l.'52d Sutter St., cor. Franklin.
ONLY ciano house in the oity that will r?nt
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
ti months' rent and cartage oft purchase
price; sole agents for MrPhail, Schiller and
other- makes. SCOTT-CL'RTAZ, .VSO Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be sold to nay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage, 1H.10 Market st.
SMALL pianos for rmall apartments; great
tone; rent cr sale. Dyron Mauzy, 20* Post St.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pa'y-
mente. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chlckering baby grand;
Ehonlnger. little used. Keeffe'*. 2.->5 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; plano3 al-
most given away. Hornung. 21»5 McAllister.
A FISCHER upright piano for safe; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzey pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Post rt.
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
FOLSOM. U35A— Fine* Urge store and 3 rooms;
rent $jO; key upstairs. BURXHAM &
MARSH CO.. 211 Montgomery st.
PERSONALS.
A freeh, smooth and ycung looking face,
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgflet the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The nnmber, "SI O'Farrell st.. near Larkin.
Call or write for bock, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to. order at $1 weekly. We have
. contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you & fine suit on installments cheaper than
others do for cash. LEON LEMOS, merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st., bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
4'ibratln: machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nursea as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 116 Taylor
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves its growth.stops falling. cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
A — Microtlne, a positive cure for catarrh, cord
in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 9th.
ON and after this date I shall not be responsi-
ble for any d»hts contracted by my wife,
Mrs. Irene Vlning. • ¦ •
(Signed.) FRANK. L. VINING.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
•kin. mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe, Apply Ctntral
Pharmacy, 221 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
DRUNKENNEE3, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shotwell: consultation free; call or writs.
HAIR grown gray restored: pimples. wrinkles,
all blemishes removed: shampooing 'specialty.
MME. ROUME. -31 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed., Thurs., Sat. and Sun.. •
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1550 Market, nr. Larkin.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
elec. needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers. 1170 Mkt.
GOLDEN OATE.300 — Cor.;laundry.barber shop,
cigars, tobaccos, newspapers; j suits cleaned.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS fc CO. J (Inc.). tailors. 72*J Market.
LIQUOR habit cured in two days or no charge
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. »07 Market st.'
Actlna restores lost eyesight :cures deafness and
catarrh: A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 360 Sut-
ter. r. CC9. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 3«.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wlgt;
country crdera. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 783 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 SO; dress pants $2 00.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
PAL_I£T11Y.
MADAM DEVA8. . ~~"~~
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBES
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLIi scientific palmist, 313
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black S«\. ¦:.
PHVSICIA.XS AM) SUBGEOXiJ. '
DO. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1C21% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of. women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONQ . HIM. herd doctor,
treats all diseases of the human v body; for
put four yeers at 113-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth. ¦
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr." Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by u»e of herbs and teas. • 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — AU dl»-
, caaca cured by Chinese herbs. ; 740-8 Clay st.
H ELI* XV OTEn M A l^TC-—^C«*W j rj^-»-i»«t^
A— MURHAY A KEAt>T. OT4-S36 Ciay St.
l'iione Main 5*S4a.— •
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
DO YOU _*£AK
Italian. German. fcpanulv.
Greek, French. owjes.
We &o
Ueducc4 rates.
Nevada. ' Nevada.
To Nevada State.
5 hours day. Government mot*. 8 hours day.
„ teamsters. *hii> to-night, $2 Cay.
10 laUrrers, fifcij) to-night.
F.ockn-.e=. drillers. Irrigation ditch.
Nevada State.
Govern-itnt work-
ghip to-night.
Great
GoM. Ccrrer
and Sliver Mmem.
13 *;r.g'e acd double hand drillers, $s"2 50.
b ciactlne miners. *30.
Cement tulffcer.
Dtn"t b« rtingy with your distance. Get
closer to Land of Sunshine.
Where n_ can work every day. Big wages.
Arizona— Arizcca.
Cloe* to Prescott. 810 miles.
(9 10— That's all.
t55 iabcrers, tearr.sters. drillers, rcckmea, etc.
Center Great Mines.
MILKERS.
2« ailkers, all parts of California, $30, $33,
;, «_id fo"nd.
4 tuttennakers. ?45 and found.
12 farm and ranch hands. $25. $26. $30. fd.
« E-Ukers. fare , ;-. i. north. $35 found.
8 cboreroen. $2*. S2.V
WOC'DCHOFPERS. ETC.
125 woodchorper*, ail over Ftate.
PcttTsakers, ahakemakers, etc.
2 farm bar.ds. together, Oregon, $30 fcusd.
— LOOK—
Bey for city etcre, $5.
6 boys, learn trades. $4. $5 and $3 week.
Gardener, flower* and vegetables. $40.
2 yourx men. little experience painting, $0
to $9 week.
BlacKJm'.Th and woodworker, city factory,
|16 wetk.
DrivfT fcr rrprrhandls* store, $50.
SHIP CALKERS.
5 s_s calke-f. factory. $2 .V» day.
VEX AND WIVES.
1 Jarr-en' and ¦wiv«^. tt*f. $.V>. ,6O found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
• cocks, dlflerer.t hotels, ranches, mines,
etc., $30 to $65; 6 waiters, bell, elevatcr
bejt. $15 to ?40 fr_nd.
Porters— Dlshwar hers— Roustabouts.
2 la-ndryn-.en. extra good Jor*. $15 week.
Butchers, country job. $3«. $40, $50 found.
Otmj? c->ck. S men, $30 found; porter, city
hotel, $20 found; baker, institution: fore-
man. »crar>er pang on ranch; 4 married
farmers, vineyard, south; -ecood cook, city
hotel, $45 found.
Man ar.l wife, roan cock, wife chtraber-
iruUfi. $45 found.
Farrr.er, wife, berry ranch. $40 found.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay »t.
6 BOCfiS PAT.
STEADY JOBS.
E-.ekerr.ar.'i. ?4 day.
5 Elastfrer*, f." fiay.
9 hoflcarriers and mortar mixers, $3 60 day.
6 plumbers. $4 day.
2 tinner*. $3 50 day.
2 $3 to $3 50 day.
25 carr*r.te— s. (3 -Vi Jar.
10 painters, all round tt<-i, $3 50 day.
6 pai*rr._T!iErer5. fa .•» day.
1 glazer, J3 50 day.
COnjCTBT.
Pr.ver city wholesale rr.llk wagon, $4f> fd.
Waiter, city hotfl, $32 60 found.
2 farmer*, vineyard, tare $1 5o. $26 fcund.
Pedmaker.
¦WaitT, Kureka, fare paid. ?8 75 week.
— LOOK —
Millwright. Phllirftne Islands. *125 to (ISO.
MURRAY & READT.
C34-638 Clay st.
AT C R HANPEN i ro.'P. 423 Bush „
J~~rai>er foreman and 4 scraper team-
>tPTF. r«rri«" ranch S3.VF25
Farmer and wife $4i'i
»i horse ilow hands $25
O'rraan barkeeper $4<")
2 heit*. hall waiters, sprinM $_
Cnlor*d dishwasher, springs ju{(>
Lunch cook, saloor. $00
Difhwa^hers, vegetabl* men, kitchen
beli> $3rt
C. R. HANSEN & CO 423 Bu*h St.
A— PACIFIC EX PLOTMENT AOENCT.
?<2f'> — M'intjrcmfry n. — -52H.
Phon* Ma^n llftl — Upstairs.
Nevada — f hours — Oovemment work.
2<> mt-n. bum chaxr-oal. 5 years' j>b: 5 wood-
cheppcrs. Mariposa County. ?1 &n and $2
ecrd; pantr\-man. country hotel. f39 found,
free fare; bellboy, country hotel, free fare.
$."» found; chcreboy. private place, J10
found: teamsters, laborers, drillers, fanners,
coal miners, big job. New Mexico; tiack-
frr.ith. carr.p, Nevada, h hours, $3.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCT.
14 Third Et- Thcne Bush 405.
NEVADA.
Governn-eru job. b hours.
20 teamsters, $2 25 a day
20 rockrccn, $2 50 a day
29 laborers. $2 00 a day
k SPECIAL CHEAP FARE
Carpenter foreman, $4 00 a day
S carpenters. S3 00 a day
CAL. EMP. AGENCT. 14 Third rt.
•WTANTET>—
50 — Fcrur-horse Bkir.ners — 50
S— Hour«— 8
Special Arrangements.
Wares $2 25.
Fare Refunded.
Ship Monday Evening.
Good camp, good board, good climate.
Apply Contractors' Agency. US Third et.
Oyea S-nday from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
TBecond cock. $T0; bar Dorter, country hotel,
$25. Offic* open Sunday, 9 to 11 a. ta.
OOVERNMENT :o«:t:nr.i — More than 15,000
appcintments last ye«r. ExamlaaUons soon.
Tfaow— nds arpointed were prepared by the
National Correspondence Institute, Washing-
ton, D. C. Write for circular J-l, giving
list ef positions, salaries, examinations.
saxasle c-estiona. etc. to ocr Paclflc Coast
office. 627 Market St., Stua Francisco, Cal.
TTAJKTED — For C. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35;
citizens of United States, of good character
and lexcserate ha&iia. who can apeak, read
and writ* English. For information apply to
RecT-ltlnx Officer. PJ.alto . building. New
Mc_gc_ery et.. San Francisco, or 1028 Sec-
oad st., Sacramento.
__ __ ___
lias to learn the barber trade in two months
aad ••cure rood positions; cataiogu* and full
i—orraatlen mailed free. MOLER System
Ooileffe, _S Clay et.
COVEIiNMXNT poeitlcns — Call at room 14,
fifth Soor. 805 Larkin st., for free Information
as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc ; day
or tver-rn.
TTAyTED — An elevator boy. 28 Stockton st.
NEAT appearing boy for light office dntiea
afternoons; state eal&ry. Box 40&4, Call.
FTR?T-CLA£8 barber wanted. 238 O'Farrell
street.
¦WANTED— Two boys <15) to uass calendars.
Call. 7:30 a. ra.. 125 Henry st.
EXTRA lunch waiter. 212 Brannan sL
BARBER wanted; steady: short hours 204
Ilattery si.
' EOT wasted. C33 illsslon st.
GOOD CD?rators on vests; wages no object to
right parties. Oil '¦- Stevenson st.
BARBER thop: 3 cfaairs; good business and
location. 211 Sixth rt.
PENSION ATTT.. H. HARRIS. 40 Ellis et : 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons fcr when I have secured pensiona.
TKY our men's eboes. unlca made, at $1 and
$1 Z.Q pair; foct-fcrm fhoe.s at 12 7.0; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Brirht boy, neat appearance; room
tl. IVlgrr bailiias, Oakland.
WANTED— Non-union lathers. Addre*7
LATHER. Bex 10S*. Call orrice, Oakland.
WAXTEP — An ergacizer fcr association work.
Apply J. SALOMON. 336 Sixth et.
THREE-CHAIR barbr shop, whole or half In-
m tercst. fcr ea'.e. 127 Tiird si.
GERMAN; steady; reference; handy; tend bar
wiachouse; married preferred. Bex 22S1. Call!
Terrion Any.. E. A. BuIIls. r. 40. Phelan bldg
Past Com. Ceo. H. Thomas Port, G. A. K.
JV-..N to do janitor work for tuition In S. P
Harber School. 741 Howard et.
VOUNG men. eal!or». blacksmiths, carpenters.
irroca hands, for Ehipe. Herman's, 27 Steuart
TTINCIIESTER Hoteli 44 Third et.. near Mar-
kct — 700 rcomi; S5c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baerage to and from fefry. '
ADVERTISEMENTS, siibscriptierji received at
Call branch office, ccr.Duncaa and Church «ts.
ALL mist* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. &C3 Uiasicn St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your ehoes half-eoled while waiting; 25:
to SOc. S(3 _ission &•.., bet. Ut and 2d sts.
«1 TELL YOUP WANTS TO READERS OF THE CALLWASHINGTON, ; llarch 20.— Mrs.
Miles, wife -' Lieutenant General
Miles, Is reported to-night to be rest
ing easily. She has improved steadily
for the past four days, but still is very
seriously ill.
M rs. 31 lies J mprovin*,
' v It is of possible interest, in connection
with the, war situation, * to inotice • that
the Imperial Bank of Russia has lately
been losing gold. On" December ¦ 21, it
reported : 5357,500,000 in' its gold , reserve ;
on December 31, this had risen to $362.
400,000. * A week later these holdings had
fallen abruptly to $310,000,000. — New
York Commercial.' ' x^-
Russia's Gold ' : Reserve.
CHICAGO.. March 20.— Fire to-night
destroyed the " Union Traction Com
pany's car barn, at {Division street and
Western avenue, causing a loss of JlSo,
000. The. building was 250 feet long and
200 feet wide. This is the second of the
Union Traction Company's .barns to
burn 'within a week. Both fires are
thought- to have been of incendiary
origin,
Burns Traction Company's ; Barn.
Bnrnett'ft Extract of Vanilla imparts
a superior delicacy of flavor, try it. use It. •
Lc» Cabin! "The bread with a flavor " A«Jc
you i dealer— wboJesale— 800 Dolores it •
Captain Splllane : \>f the Southern
station has detailed several men to
make an investigation.
Fourth street and asked,. them where
he could find a respectable* place to
stay over night, j They escorted him
to Third' and " King streets, i according
to his story, and one of thernen hit
himon the head. He lapsed into un
consciousness and; was discovered sev
eral hours later, arid taken to the hos
pital. The doctor can give no descrip
tion of the 'men.:-.,- - V -
Mrs. Minnie Maddern Fiske. the
well-known . actress, arrived from the
East v yesterday and is at the St.
Francis. . •
• George" L.- Bugbee,. auditor of the
Guaymas Railroad, arrived from Mex
ico last evening and is at the Grand.
Nelson Morris, the millionaire
packer of Chicago, arrived from the
East yesterday and is registered at the
Palace.
Captain John Cross, the well-known
railroad builder of Los Angeles, i3 at
the Palace. .
PERSONAL.
Attorney W. H. Hatton of Fresno is
at the Lick.
F., A. Hihn, a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs, C. W. Dunlop of New
York are at the Palace.
WASHINGTON, March 20. — The
world's cotton crop for 1902-03 is esti
mated by th<* Department of Agricul
ture at 17.179.765 bales, valued at
$750,082,450. This is based on the
latest data available, the . figures in
most instances representing the cotton
appearing in commercial channels.
With -the exception of 2,687.813 bales
of the East Indian crop^ which aver
age 400 pounds per bale, the bales
given are of an average weight' of 500
pounds. The total includes estimates of
the Chinese and Korean crops.
Cotton Crop of the World.
CHICAGO. March 20.— The coal oper
ators and miners composing the Joint
sub-scale committee of the central com
petitive district arrived in this city to
night and will . to-morrow sign the two
years 1 contract providing for a wage
scale at a reduction df 5.55 per cent
from the present wage schedule, which
schedule was accepted by the United
Mine Workers by a referendum vote
taken last Thursday.
3Uners Ready to Sign Contract.
EdTvartl Seltzer of Fruitvnle Has an
Exciting Experience With Thugs.
Dr. Edward . Seltzer of 1450 Fruit
vale Fruitvale, was taken to
the Emergency Hospital from Third
and , King streets early yesterday
morning suffering, from a badly* lacer
ated scalp and numerous bruises on
the face and body." 'According, to the
story of the physician, he was beaten
and robbed of; $18 and: his watch and
chain ' by three young thugs on Satur
day night 1 :
Seltzer says that he met the trio on
DOCTOR BEATEN AXD ROBBED.
Iver Grunbach, a Swedish sailor, re
ported to the police last night that
he had been held up and robbed at
the corner of Washington and San
some streets. Grunbach alleges that
he was held up by three me.n, who
beat him cruelly on the head and then
rilled his pockets of ?6, allthat he
had. ;
Policeman J'. Attridge found Grun
bach lying on'the sidewalk at the cor
ner mentioned,"bleeding from several
ugly scalp wounds and cuts on'the
face. Grunbach told the patrolman
that he was on his way to his scow,
which lies at the seawall, when he
was struck from behind and felled to
the ground. Then, he says, three men
went thrQugh his pockets and relieved
him of his money.
Grunbach's face plainly showed the
effects of an encounter," it being cov
ered with contusions and cuts. The
policeman was unable to 'find any
trace of his assailants/Detectives
were detailed on the case. " \
Bailor Alleges Three Men Beat Him
and Rifled His Pockets.
CLAIMS HE WAS ROBBED.
The second outcast was found on the
steps of the Third Congregational
Church, on Mission street, by Edmund
Clarence, the sexton, shortly, after 10
o'clock. The infant, a girl baby, prob
baly had been left there early in .the
night, for when found she was shiver
ing from the cold and all but famished.
The waif appears to be but a few days
old and is very frail and delicate. She
was wrapped in a , few fragments of
feminine wearing apparel of cheap tex
ture. She' was also given in charge of
the matron of the Central Emergency
Hospital.
Two more deserted waifs were found
in the Mission district yesterday morn
ing on doorsteps. Within the last week
no less than four discarded children
have been discovered in this section of
the city, and all within a radius of a
few blocks, and the finding of the un
fortunate babes has become the general
topic of the residents of the section.
The first waif to be discovered yes
terday was left on a doorstep at 1813
Mission street and' was found by
Charles McCarthy of 1831 Mission street
shortly before -2 o'clock yesterday
morning. The outcast was a boy, prob
ably about three weeks old and appar
ently healthy and happy. It was care
fully wrapped 1n a costly quilt and
placed in a telescope basket. From the
texture of the quilt it would appear
that whoever discarded the infant was
well to do. The child was taken to the
Central Emergency Hospital and given
in charge of the matron. It will be
turned over to some charitable institu
tion. ;
Two More Discarded Waifs
Are Found by Eesidents
of the Mission District
, The v proprietors were notified by Po
liceman Cavanaugrh, who relieved
O'Connor and, after examining the
goods that had been left in the win
dow, they reported that articles valued
at $80 had been stolen and the po
lice were furnished with a detailed
list. It is supposed that the thief or
thieves had used a crooked stick in
drawing the articles toward the hole
in the windows.
The thieves who make it a practice
to break the windows of stores on
Kearny street and steal the goods on
exhibition were heard from again yes
terday morning. The store that suf
fered at this time was Selig's men's
furnishing goods establishment at 218
Kearny street.
About 6 o'clock yesterday morning
Policeman O'Connor noticed that two
plate glass windows in the vestibule
of the doorway had been broken and
it was apparent that a selection had
been made of the goods in the win
dow.
Goods That Were on Exhibition.
Thieves Carry Away a Quantity of
WINDOWS IX STORE BROKEN.
TINY INFANTS
ARE ABANDONED
When Speaker Cannon "takes his pen
in hand to sign a few bills everybody
moves away from his immediate vicin
ity, so as to be beyond reach of the
ink shower he is sure to distribute. In
five minutes the marble rostrum . at
which he sits looks like the back of a
coach dog. Cannon is. always much
afraid of blotting the document await
ing his signature, so he shakes the pen
vigorously before* putting it to wqrk.'
On days when the Speaker has much
of this work to do Asher Hinds, the
parliamentary clerk.' who sits beside
him, wears what he calls his "signing
trousers," which garments are about
as much isoiled aa they can be.—Ex
change.
The Speaker Throws Ink.
Among others who spoke were Rev.
J. A. B. Wilson, George Estes, presi
dent of the United Brotherhood of Rail
way Employes; C. Fiske ef the execu
tive board of the Labor Council and
George Wheeler, prominent labor lead
er and State organizer of the Federa
tion of Labor.
The Free Speech and Defense League
has been" organized but a few weeks,
yet at the present time it has 185 mem
bers on its roll and the list is rapidly in
creasing. It was founded chiefly for
the purpose of defeating the so-called
anti-free-speech ordinance, introduced
to restrict street corner oratory.
Benham advised every workingman
in San Francisco to Join the newly or
ganized league, for, he said, it waa to
their own interest and benefit to de
feat the proposed ordinance. He care
fully reviewed the bill, pointing out
many of Its alleged defects and showing
why he thought it unconstitutional.
Benham was followed by W. Leonard,
a prominent labor leader of Cripple
Crerek, Colorado. Leonard was given
an ovation when he appeared on the
stage and his address was an Interest
ing one. He told of the martial law in
Colorado and showed how the working
men there had been treated.
Benham told why the new league had
been organized. He bitterly attacked the
new ordinance and said it waa in direct
violatiqn of the constitution. He warn
ed the members of the league to be on
their guard and fight the new measure,
for*, he said, if they did not act with
alarcity, their foes were likely to steal
a march on them.
The Free Speech and Defense League
held its first public meeting last night
at the Alhambra Theater. Many prom
inent labor orators took the stand and
denounced' the proposed street speaking
ordinance now before the Board of Su
pervisors.
G. B. Benham, president of the Labor
Council, was the first talker of the
evening. His name was the signal for
a round of applause and he was fre
quently interupted during his talk by
cheers.
If you have not read this -channlnsly lllua
trated book, you do not* realize that the South
ern Pacific Is the scenic route across the con
tinent. Ask for a copy. Tou can get one from
S. F. Booth, general agent, 1 Montgomery
etreet, or uny Southern Pacific asrsnt. •
Seen From a Car Window.
Members of the Free Speech
and Defense League Hold
Their First Open Meeting
WOULD DEFEAT
NEW ORDINANCE
Sewelt gave the alarm and one of
the other roomers notified Policemen
Connolly and Krueger, who hurried to
Sewelt's room. They placed Sewelt's
prisoner under arrest and booked him
at the City Prison on a charge of bur
glary. He gave the name of James
Rogers and his occupation as clerk.
Sewelt claimed that $1 35 had been
taken from the pockets of his cloth
ing and a comb was also missing.
When Rogers was searched the comb
was found in his pocket and identified
by Sewelt as his property. A bunch
of skeleton keys was also found in
the prisoner's pockets.
John Sewelt Captures Intruder and
Holds Him Till Policemen Appear.
John Sewelt, who occupies a room
at 547 Howard street, was awakened
about 2 o'clock yesterday morning by
a noise in his room. When he opened
his eyes, he saw a man examining: the
articles on top of his burea.u. Sewelt
jumped out of bed and grabbed hold
of the intruder, who made an unsuc
cessful attempt to break away from
him.
FINDS STRAXGER IX ROOM.
Then and not until then did the world
know that Moxey was possessed of con
siderable method. In the long legal
document filed by Mandeville he laid
bare the plot for a . fortune skillfully
laid and skillfully carried out by
Moxey and Hoover. He had learned
of the plot through a visit paid by
Hoover to Boston. The "professor,"
who had attended to all the details
connected with the transfer by Mra.
Moxey to her youthful husband of her
great holdings, for once overreached
himself. He hastened to Boston as
soon as the deeds had been completed,
assumed the name of Young, made
many inquiries about the value of tlw
realty, and then filed the deeds, thus
acquainting Mrs. Moxey's relatives
that she had for "love and affection
and $10," transferred to one Oliver N.
Moxey, her Boston property.
The case was on trial before Judge
Coffey for several weeks and ended
only when the Court, In an opinion that
branded Hoover and Moxey as a pair
of schemers, declared Mrs. Moxey In
competent and appointed Mandeville
the guardian of her property.
Mrs. Moxey, formerly Mrs. Gage H.
Phillips, aged 64, a Boston woman of
means, came out here two years ago.
She became inbued with the idea that
she should remain perpetually youthful
and when she was introduced to
Hoover and Moxey, it is claimed they
did the best they could to convince her
that perpetual youth could be obtained
and maintained by any one that took
a course of physical culture at "Hoo
ver's University" for the development
of muscle and grace. She matriculated
at the "university," and soon becams
the special charge of Oliver N. Moxey,
aged 27, instructor at the Hoover school.
It soon became known that the pupil
had means aplenty, and with this kowl
edge.came the revelation that the
sword-master had been smitten by tho
mature charms of his pupil and that
she, in learning to parry the sword
thrusts of her teacher, had exposed
herself to the deadly aim of cupid.
They finally went to San Jose, and were
married. Then came Mandeville's suit
against Mrs. Moxey, who is his mother
in-law. It was filed at a time, when
Moxey, with his pockets lined with the
gold of his bride, was living a life of
ease and comfort and filling his wife's
ears with honeyed words that only
made stronger the web he had woven
about her.
At the law offices of A. A. Moore,
Saturday afternoon, Mrs. Moxey was
examined by Drs. Wadsworth, Rethens,
McGettigan and Lustig as to her com
petency. These physicians are all
members of the Insanity Commission,
but did not make the examination in
their official capacity.
Mrs. Moxey will undergo a further
examination by the same physicians
this morning in Judge Hebbard'a
chambers, the purpose being to deter
mine her competency and if the same
is established, to restore her to capacity
that she may legally effect and agree
to a compromise division of her proper
ty that has been arranged between her
husband, the fencing instructor, ¦ and
her guardian and stepson, Harry Man
deville.
A few minutes after the occurrence
several policemen were at the scene of
the attempted robbery and made a
search of the neighborhood, but failed
to find any one answering the descrip
tion of the thief. An investigation
failed to disclose the location of the
bullet fired at Knox. Back of the desk
is a gallery, on which is stored a large
supply of hams, bacon and soap. It is
probable that the bullet imbedded
Itself in these.
Detectives . Fitzgerald and Graham
are detailed on the case, but in view
of the inability of Knox to identify the
robber, it is not probable that the
search will be successful.
I made a move, all right, by dropping behind
the desk and, as I did eo, he discharged his
weapon. As soon as I dropped I commenced
to cry out 'Murder, thieves' and everything
else of an alarming nature I could think of.
Between the noise of the shot and my outcries
the robber evidently "became frightened and ran
out the front door. I followed him at a dis
tance of about 100 feet, until he reached Cum
berland street. He disappeared down the alley
land, a<« It waa dark and extremely mujjdy. I
thought it -was useless to pursue farther.
When I first saw the robber he was trying
to open the rlgister with his. right hand and
held bis revolver In his lafC hand. He wore a
white handkerchief bound over his face below
the eyes, concealing- his fpaturr* in such a
manner that it would be impossible for me to
Identify him positively. Ho was about five
feet ten Inches In height and wore a dark suit
of clothes and a derby hat. The register is
one of the latest patterns and requires that a
key be touched and a handle turned before the
drawer can be opened. He was evidently un
familiar with its workings, and to this Is due
the fact that he secured no money.
We were preparinc to close up. Robert
Knox. my eon. and Frank Walt and Henry
Burg, two clerks, were In the rear oi the shop,
cleaning uu, and I was sittlnc at the desk in
the front, maktng up some accounts. Opposite
the desk, on the other «i<Je of the shop, is the
cash mister. I heard an unusual noise and,
lookisg ud over the desk, discovered a^man
trying to open the reelster. He saw me as
quickly as 1 saw him and, pointing a revolver
at me with his left hand, he told me that if
I made a move he would blow my head off.
A lone robber made a desperate atr
tempt Saturday night at 9:30 o'clock
to hold up -the grocery of Robinson &
Knox at 876 Valencia street. Discov
ered in his attempt to rifle the cash
register, he fired one shot at Andrew B.
Knox, one of the proprietors, and then,
becoming frightened at the outcries of
those in the store, ran out of the front
door and made his escape. He ran up
Nineteenth street to a narrow alley
called Cumberland street and then dis
appeared down the dark thoroughfare.
Knox followed the robber as far as the
alley, but abandoned the pursuit there %
In telling of the incident Knox said:
Roattino and Stevens in a novelty
singing and dancing act are good, and
Montell Brothers, equilibrists, acrobats
and head-to-head balancers deserve
credit for their performance.
Emmett Corrigan and company ap
pear in "Jockey Jones," or "The Day of
the Handicap," and are as popular as
they were last week. The other hold
overs are the Nichols Sisters and Loney
Haskell. The moving pictures are par
ticularly interesting, showing the train
ing quarters of both Britt and Corbett,
also a scene at a life saving station.
Taffary's trained dogs are the best
that have been exhibited here in some
time. The little beasts appear almost
human and do tricks that seem almost
incredible.
La Belle Guerrero heads the bill at
the Orpheum this week. She appears
in a pantomimic sketch, "The Rose and
the Dagger," and the audience responds
with applause. She is ably assisted by
Philippe Daufaure and the, two carry
the piece to its finish. There is clever
dancing and the pantomime work is of
the best. The scenic effects are good
and the plot, though worked out in rno
tion, is complete.
Billy Clifford, known on the bills as
"The Broadway Chappie," makes a hit.
He sings good songs, has easy manners
on the- "boards" and retires with hon
ors.
"Erik of Sweden" is the offerinsr at
the California for this week, with Ben
llendricks, the Swedish dialect come
dian, in the title role. The play is a
good one of its kind, albeit Swedish
comedy has been overdone_jand under
done these twenty years past. Better
thap the play is Hendricks, who would
make a success in almost any kind of a
comedy role. He is genuinely funny,
and in addition possesses a splendid
barytone voice, which he used to. nood
eltect in a number of songs scattered
throughout the various acts. Notably
acceptable among these are "'Fair Land
of Sweden" and "Northland Lullaby."
The plot is somewhat more involved
than is usual in Swedish dialect plays.
The hero is a Swedish baron who comes
to <his country to gain a livelihood.
He discards his title and hires as over
seer to a wealthy man who had de
spoiled and disgraced Erik's father in
the old country. The overseer falls in
love with his employer's daughter and
his suit is favored by her fathei\ who
hopes thus to repair the wrontc he has
done. The villain, Count Ardale. Indif
ferently played by Charles Rowan, also
lays siege to the heart of the heiress,
and after four acts of narrow escapes
and blood curdling attempts on Erik's
life is finally thwarted and croes out
the right upper entrance with a mock
ing laugh. Then the heiress. Anna Al
lonstrom by name, and creditably ren
dered by Miss Helen Nelson, succumbs
to Erik's pleadings and the play is over.
Little Evelyn .Wright, precocious and
interesting, delightfully portrays Little
Elinore, and, together with George Mil
ler as Jim, a New York street waif,
lends a strong element of comedy to the
performance. Miss Belle Francis as
Henrietta Mowbry. sister to the villain
and something of a plotter herself,
made everything possible out of her
role, which was considerable. Miss Jo
sephine Florence - Shepard as Mrs.
Christina Gulden played the kittenish
widow* on somewhat broad lines, but
managed the part very well. The play
will run for the remainder of the week.
La Belle Guerrero in Panto
mime IsHeadlmer andEm
niett Corrigan a Holdover
In Event of Mandeville's
Ward Being Restored to
Capacity Case Will Close
Discovered at Cash Register
by the Proprietor, Who
Gives Alarm and Pursues
HE MAKES HIS ESCAPE
COMPROMISE TO FOLLOW
ORPHEUM SHOW IS GOOD
Desperate Robber Attempts
to Shoot Andrew B. Knox
in the Latters Store
Doctors Examine Bride of
Fencing Master to Deter
mine Her fcompetency
"Erik: of Sweden," Given by
Capable Performers, Well
Received at California
SEEKING TO END
MOXEY DISPUTE
BEN MENDRICKS
CLEVER ACTOR
TRIES TO KILL
A GROCERYMAN
THE r SAN FRANCISCO :CALL. MONDAY, MARCH 21; 91904.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DrussitU. BOc flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
Nearly one-fifth of the deaths in Val
paraiso are from pneumonia. In Bom
bay the deaths from the same disease
are In the ratio of only twenty-six in
10,000.
12
Our stoc'i of goods in tbls department is most com-
plete. We are novsr offeting splendid values in LACE
CURTAINS, PORTIERES, BLANKETS.. COMFORTERS,
BEDSPREADS, TABLE COVERS, TABLE LINENS, NAP-
KINS, TOWELS, TOWELING, SHEETS, SHEETINGS
and PILLOW CASES. As we carru onlo tna Uest Drands
and makes. of the above goods, and Uelng direct Im-
porters, our customers can relu on getting the lowast
prices. - ;
Eight Specimen Values.
&/! Ctl\ (TAPESTRY PORTIERES In Uoth plain
xp^t-.OU ] colors and figured, Z% rjards long,
Pair. ' with nandsome fringe top and Uottom.
fcO Elf\ ( REVERSIBLE TAPESTRY TABLE COV-
JpkS.DU ] ERS, 2 uards sauare, fringed ail*
Each. ' around in a full Yarletg or colorings.
<£Q Cft (MADRAS NET B0B1NET and CABLE
) LACE CURTAINS, In white, ecru and
Pair. ' AraUIan, 15 entirelu new designs.
tfjOfc £»*>( WHITE MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS,
ydiJv j full size for douhle h:ds, Yerg hand-
Each. ' some designs, hemnnd readu for uss.
<£ft A A ( FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
\jpO.Uvr \ size for large Uads and extra fine
Pair. ( dualiiu
*> i *\n IRISH SATIN DAMASK TABLE LINEN,
SI. Oil rul1 72 lncnes wllle ' *2 different de-
Yarrl slgnsj dinner size napkins to match
each design, $3.00 dozen.
<£*> 00 ( BLEACHED LINEN HUCK TOWELS, full
V • Doz. J size,- fcoth hemmed and hemstitched.
"/ BLEACHED DOUBLE DAMASK LINEN
&*\ E(\ TABLE CL0THS,2 nards wide and 2#
*pO«OU I uards long, 8 different designs; larga
Each. size dinner napkins to match each
h design, S3. 50 dozen.
ill, US, H5, 117, 119, 121 POST STREBf.
FOUR BIG STOKES
Quality and Price Sale All the Week
We are looking for permanent customers. Here, you
get two things, quality and economy. Besides these is
the service, learned by a life-time of experience.
Add quality, economy, and service to truth telling, and
you have all we give you.
Keeping customers is more important Mn building a
business than gaining them.
Groceries
Table Butter— 1^ Ib square 2 squares 75
Refc'ly 50c square— this is 25c per Ib for fresh butter
Bacon— G. B. & Co. kind 16 Sweet Pickled Figs-u pt jar 40
Sweet— cooks crisp-reg'ly 20c Ib California- reg'ly 50c— 2 for 75
Hawaiian Beauty Coffee 30 Tomatoes— Solid packed 25
4 vear old Kona— choicest raised In vacuum jars— reg'ly 35c— 2.90
en the Islands— 1 Ib carton] 14.00 .doz
Guatemala Coffee 20 Squash— Pumpkin 15
r . . • ,_ fl,™. k ike 90 Oneida Com'ty— a pie In a l-oo
rf^^Nn^-roastor^ 0 j^SMfiT. "
years-res'ly 40c Ib £. B. 6.25
Anchovies in oil 35 j e ii 0 _ RegMy 1Oc _$i.2o doz 3 for 25
Reg ly 45c-75c bottle 60 Scvera , flavors _ qulck te make 90
OatS-H.O.-Re 8 My 15c 2 for 25 C , on Tea _Bee brand 60
Germea— Reg'ly 22#C pkg 20 Angroowelle-X X X-reg'ly 80c Ib
Flaked Rice— Reg'iy i5c 2 for 25 Macedoine— French 20
Im^/irl'jl nronnm « Mixed vegetables— 3 for 50
Imperial uranum 55 ree'iy 26c— 12.75 doz
Infants Kid Invalids food— 6.60 & - J
rte'Iy 60c— $6.75 doz bnrimpS — German 3 tins 50
Egg NoodleS-Californla Ib 10 _ re8My25c-^75doz-qukk salad 1.90
8 Reg'ly 15c pkg doz 1.15 Buckwheat-Delmonte 20
5 y P * Self.rals!ng-reg'ly25c--3tflbpkg
Ch ix k L n re T??lL e « 35 tin 1 J2 Soups-Van Camp's 3 cans 25
uT f ' yl r * 1 ' S5do * I- 20 AIlk!nds-reg'lylOc-*l.IOdoz 95
In the husk-l2*c 4 for 45c Qam Cnow y r _p & w 20
Cheese— Eastern 2 lbs 35 Best quality— ready to use— 2.25
Sharp— for rarebit— macaroni— reg'ly 25c— 2.75 dor
reg'ly 22Jc Ib n Bacon— Armour's— sliced thin
Cranhprrv Sauce 40 Mibe*n nben
Beef Extract-Liebig's Ela R s "i^l,n^ ?#
2«j«r dot 4orj«r dor Keoulres no cooklngr- 1.2o
Reg'ly 40c $4.75 75c *8.75 reg'ly 15c— J1.50 doz
special 35c 4.io 65c 7.50 Sardines— Boneless— D. G.
Devfted Tongue— Underwood's 2s *• **•
R^'Iv, £<L r 290 Rt *' { y 20C-I2.00 S0c-$3.25
Regly35C-$3.5odoz speda | 15c- 1.75 26c- 2.90
Crackers— Fresh— good Corn— Western 12#
r»e»y ep«ci«i Reg'ly 15c— $1.65 doi 1.45
Oysterettes— Carton 15c io (Candy)
\w, S A d rif~ " o' C on Chocolate Molasses Chips 30
NoahS Ark— " 2oc 20 Phelp's-reg'ly 40c Ib
Dainty Chips- can 35c 30 Maple Sugar-Hazen's 15
High leas— ." 50c 40 Made from pure sap-reg'Iy 20c Ib cake
Toilet Articles
T-, / ii.,rr. o^,,£:i is Honey.& Almond Cream 35
Talcum Powder 15 HeinVreg'ly 40c-$3.76 doz 2 for 65
Mennen's-violet-reg'ly 20c bat p on(rs Extract _ Medhlin size 65
Reuter's Complexion Soap _ Reg'iy 75c
Exquisite fragrance— 20 Carmel Soap 50
irg'ly 25c— $2.75 doz 2-25 Made of P ure ol!ve oIl ~
reg'ly 60c box of 6 cakes
Lyon's Tooth Powder 17#' Cold Cream 45
Peg'Iy here 20c Dagget & Ramsdel's— 2 for 85
reg'ly 50c. jar
Liquor Department
Whiskey— Her^ ge Sherry-Cooking-*California
qt. dor. pa. * d0 * *¦*
Reg'ly $1.25 $12.50 5.00 'Reg'ly 50c 16.50 $1.60
spedal 1.00 11.25 4.00 spedal 35c 4.00 1.15
Duff/s Malt Whisky 70 C laret-v. Zinfandel
Reg'ly ,5c-*9.00 doz pt , dOT qt, do , ftl
Wm Penn— Malt whisky 70 . Reg'ly $1.65 $2.35 50c
Reg'ly $1.20-$10.50 doz 8.25 special' 1.25 1.90 35c
Port— Private stock Curacoa— White— orange
S& i 'P. ££ m A m *r- ¦•¦** « us*
spedal 50c 5.75 2.00 Liqueur special 75c 1.20
Champagne Cider-TraoeoaaBeauro ,. .. "
p* dw qu doz Benedictine
Reg'ly 20c $2.00 30c $3.2J) p*» «<» qt« dos
spedal 15c L75 25c 2.90 Reg'ly $1.15 $12.50 $2.15 $24.00
just arrived from New York . special 95: 11.25 $1.85,
House Furnishings
White Shelf Paper 2 doz 15 Borax— Powdered— g. b. & o>. 10
Reg'ly 10c doz— 36 inches long— reg'ly 15c— $1.50 doz iifl
11 inches wide— scalloped edge _. . . _., , . _, , _./
#•••••*.'#'•» Tamp Oil P Afh Plata white or
Shelf Paper— Plain white 30 Die UI1 , • M " bw «* ©old vein
RegMy 40c qnlra-M x 36 Inches R .. 1JI *£ Me -
m... -T- . Keg ly 30c 40c
Gilt Tacks 05 - s P edii 20c soc -
cu R ,f Am^* 1 10 ° Mixin S Bowl-Yeilow earthenware
bnell Oil 50 «qU-l%ladJa. 8qt*-llK In dl*.
12 Inches wide— 12 yds In coll— * R«g'ly 65c 50c
all patterns but white— to doso spedal 40c
n "TpT'T Cake Turner-steei-retinned 10
DUSt ran— Japanned 20 Wood handle— reg'ly 15c
Steel edge-reg'ly 25c . Fry Pan-Steel-never break
DUSt BruSh 80 Reg'ly No. 7 40c No. 8 50c
Pure bristles-reg'ly 45c special SOc . 85c
Tack Hammer 10 Griddle lft>n-No. 9 30
Wood handle with claw Polished— reg'ly 40c
426-432 Pine St, Tel. Prlv. Exchange 1. : —
230-234 Sutler St. " " " 100 Cor. 13th and Clay St Oakland
2bl9 California St Telephone West 101 y T Telephone Main J
Send Postal for interesting Catalogue
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AJJVZBTISZMENTS.
REGAL SHOES.
WW?\
!ily appKed. v >^^\
f )ATfew light) f(^\^J
.{ratal with ayjj |T7
j or a $yj I /
Regal- * polish- ===s / f
x No^turpen- 8>'
tinerno paste,
no grease. J A smoothTclean,
¦quick, and /'healthy", shine;'
¦;^ y A shine that saves your
shoes, and it _costs less, than
a cent:
t At all Rcgsl 8Urcs—«.t CenU?
THE;SWOE TOOT PROVES
San ' Francisco Store, ,' Corner Geary and
; Stockton Streets.
1 Dollar
Id /A TeaS
I Premium l^ g g coffees:
1 Frpp " " Spices
H with E&ch x\r n^ u ' iu j
| Worth Ptorder
i N ft are Beauties *s j
| A thousand kinds jM j
! fej to Select from - *ftj
In It Pays to r
| I^« Trade at *
| Great American Importing Tea Go's
j I Stores
I' 1 XI Market 210 Grant av. lliaPoEe
140 Sixth 1819 Dvrfeadero 705 Larkbt
475H*Urht S006 Sixteenth 355 Hayea
3S3SUks2ra £21 Montc'y ave. Z2 Market
A2008. Fffimere 1316 Mission 146 Ninth
§ a68Tbfad 2732 34th 483 Fourth
Small babies quickly grow to
large babies when fed on Mel-
lin's Food. Mellin's Food
furnishes material for growth.
A sample of Mellin's Food coats you nothic«
but the asking. Will you sot thea ask for
it for your baby's sake ?
MBLLW8 FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS-
I BOKARA 1 1
i In CLUETT BRAND B
If QUARTER SIZES, QUARTER CACM 1
|j CLUETT, PEABODr A CO. j
f\ makms or etorrr *»o wonawch »hh»t» j g
|ASTHMANOLA|
is tiie only enre f or Nervous oad
Broccbial ASTHMA.
Tour Drusxist or at 5'JS MA1GHT 3T.. i
San Francisco. Cal.
HAD WAY'S KTI.MVg BS&TEP has stot
unrivaled beforn the public (or U> years a*
Pain Kemedy. It instantly relieves and quick
cure* all Coida. Sora Tnroats. Influenza. Bra
chltls. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgl
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internal
tor ilalirla and ail Bowel Pain. All dru^Ut