Continued on Page ; 2, , Column : 6.
SALONICA. Macedonia. March 4.—
The Albanian insurrectionary move
ment at Ipek is ended. The Govern
ment has promised the Albanians ex
emption from the cattle tax. Several
skirmishes have occurred near Ama
tova: The Insurgent chiefs Apostol and
Yovan are strongly Intrenched mtx
Gumenje awaiting an attack,
Albanian Insurrection End. 1 *.
centration of Chinese forces west
of > Mukden': arouses? suspicion in
spite \ of the ; repeated declarations'
of China's jieutrality;
.•-, Cossacks -are advancing into
Korea^ where the attitude ioU the
natives -toward therh-is variable^ ¦¦•*.'?
The ; people' atv Harbin >belieye
BERLIN, March 4.— In the Reichstag
to-day Herr"; Bebel. the Socialist leader,
adversely criticized conditions in the
army and quoted military writers i»,
support- of his views. He maintained
that the present system of army ma
neuvers was useless, and cited a mili
tary writer who had said that if the
army was led in the next war as It was
during the last maneuvers attended by
the Emperor the " defeat of Germany
would .be unavoidable. Drill la a mere
"preparation for parade display, there is
too much luxury; In the army and the
frequent » changes of uniform tend f to
Continucd -'on' Page^ 2, ¦¦ Column 2.'
The { Central Telegraph office
at Harbin -" will; 'henceforth be
dosed to. the public. .The cori-
PARIS, March 5.— Telegraph
ing from Harbin, a correspondent
of the ; Matin says a special staff
of- officers has started for Lake
Baikal to meet General Kuropat
kin.
Government to fcj-ect Cement Plant.
WASHINGTON. March 4. — The In
terior Department has decided to pro
ceed with the erection of a Govern
ment cement plant in the vicinity of
the Tonto Basin, in Arizona, for fur
nishing material for the big irrigation
project there. This decision is the re
sult of the rejection of the bids sub
mitted by cement manufacturers, the
Government estimating that it can
erect a factory and produce the
cement cheaper than it can buy from
the manufacturers.
Illinois Bank President Passes Away.
QUINCY. IIL, March 4.— Henry Fran
cis Joseph. Ricker, president of the
Ricker National Bank, died to-day,
aged £2 years. Ilia estate is valued at
12.000,000. . ,
Manning Is Expected to Recover.
WASHINGTON, March 4. — Robert
Manning, the -War Department mes
senger, who was shot by William
O'Brien, passed a comfortable night
The indications are now that the
wound Is not as dangerous as at first
supposed and Manning * has a good
chance of recovery.
BERLIN, March 4.— Count Iiiouye, the Japanese Min
ister here, privately informed several of his intimate
friends in this city to-day that the Japanese army had
won a series of brilliant and important victories, in 'the
course of the past week, but that public announcement
of these successes is being withheld for strategic'rea:
sons. It is believed here that tlie Japanese troops nave
practically succeeded in isolating Port Arthur and in
out-maneuvering the Bussnins in the Yalu region; -
WASHINGTON. March 4.— Discussion
on State Department questions occu
pied the entire session of the Cabinet
meeting to-day. The assurance is given
that no important action regarding any
of the subjects under consideration was
taken. The' project of laying a cable
line from Japan to the island of Ouain
is under consideration by this Gov
ernment, but no action has been deter
mined upon.
It Is said on trustworthy authority
that neither Japan nor any- other for
eign Dower will be allowed to lay the
cable now or at any future time. When
ever a cable line is constructed between
Guam and the mainland it will be un
der the authority and Jurisdiction of
the United States. , .
Special Dispatch to The CalL
AMERICA WILL
LAY THE CABLE
Muscovite Army Is Said to Have
f Been Outmaneuveredon
SAN JOSE, March 4.— J. A. Clute. a
conductor on the Southern Pacific, lies
at 'his home at 370 North Sixth street,
this city, with a painfully bruised head
and badly lacerated fingers. He was at
tacked last night with a heavy cane or
club at Ocean View by some one who
came up behind him. Clute Is acting as
train agent, and last night left San
Francisco on the first section of the
overland limited. Clute refused to rec
ognize a scalper's ticket presented by a
man.- The ticket was from San Fran
cisco .to Chicago. At Ocean View Clute
left the first section to take the second
section of the train. Just as the first
section pulled out some one hit him a
terrific blow with a club on the head.
He was hit just above the left eye and
rendered insensible for a few seconds.
In the fight that followed he was bitten
on the hand and finger. Had the blow
over i, the head been a little lower the
eyeball would have been crushed. There
Is some danger of blood poison from tho
bites on the band. The railroad com
pany will prosecute his assailant.
Because J. A. Clute Would Xot Ac
cept Scalper's Ticket He Is
Badly Beaten.
RAILROAD AGENT IS
VICTIM OF ASSAULT
PARIS, March 4.— Informa
tion received from official sources
in Korea confirms previous reports
to , the effect, that t Chenampo is
free from ice, that the Japanese
have ceased debarking troops at
Chemulpo and that they have tak
en advantage of the opening
of Chenampo to land troops there,
thus • expediting tlie forward
movement.
» Official advices from St. Peters
burg confirm the reports that a
decisive movement is anticipated
on the part of the Port Arthur
squadron how that 'Admiral Maka
roff has arrived, there, that tor
pedo-boats; especially will be
brought into play and "that, in
spite of reports to the: contrary,
-Rttssia is understood to 'have an
ample supply of torpedoes for
these /crafts.
/.The Temps to-day publishes a
dispatch from St." Petersburg
which isavs the Russians have
taken advantage of 'the stormy
weatrler .which i has -prevailed to
improve their defenses. . The^dis
'patch also says "that the -Japanese
JAPAN'S SOLDIERS
MAY HAVE PORT
ARTHUR ISOLATED
Sir Francis Laking, physician in ordi
nary to the King, visited his Majesty
to-day. The weather is cold, wet and
dismal.
* : *
LONDON, March 4.— The cold from
which King Edward is suffering has
not improved, and it is thought now
that he will not be able to attend St.
Paul's Cathedral on Sunday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MAKES ATTACK
ON THE ARMY
SEATTLE, March 4.— The complete
form of a- mastodon was found at Hill
side, on Quartz Creek to-day, accord
ing to a dispatch to the Post-Intelli
gencer from Dawson. It was imbedded
thirty-eight feet in the earth -when
found and it necessitated the use of
a steam thawing plant to unearth the
Immense animal. The hair and the
skin of the beast are in a perfect state
of preservation,- although the flesh Is
somewhat decomposed, and the big
tusks, which remained fastened to the
skull, are in good condition. It is said
the skeleton is worth about $50,000, as
there are but one or two of them In
existence in this condition. Three men
— Herson, Swason and Herter — discov
ered the mastodon. It was buried In
an old channel and well In the zone of
almost perpetual frost, which accounts
for the good shape it is in.
•J : : *
Dawson Miners FM
' It Buried in a
Channel,
Port Arthur Squad*
ron Expected
to Move.
British Ruler Still
Suffering From /
Heavy Cold.
VIEWS IX TWO OF THE TOWN'S WHICH HAVE BECOME NOTED AS
SCENES OF MILITARY OPERATIONS SINCE WAR 1 WAS DE
CLARED BETWEEN THE JAPANESE AND RUSSIANS.;
WARSHIPS
WILL SAIL
TO BATTLE
EDWARD'S
CONDITION
NO BETTER
UNEARTH
MASTODON
SKELETON
LOS ANGELES, March 4.— Unknown
persons whose motives are known only
to themselves have been causing no
end of trouble on the Huntington elec
tric lines in various parts of this coun
ty by trying to wreck trains. Not a
division of the Huntingtca system has
been free from this menace and many
times serious wrecks have been averted
only by the timely discovery of tho
work of the would-be wreckers. Seven
separate attempts have been made in
six weeks to wreck cars upon the Long
Beach line, and while the company's
secret service department has been at
work upon the case the identity of the
culprits has not yet been discovered.
The latest effort to wreck ore of the
company's cars occurred last night near
Domlnguez. A coach left that station
at 9:15 o'clock, north bound, and near
the end of a cut In that vicinity It
struck an obstruction that nearly lifted
the car off the track. Several redwood
cross ties were found to have been
placed across the rails, and that there
was not a serious wreck is regarded
as a miracle. A few hundred yards be
yond another obstruction was found In
the shape of heavy lumber placed up
right between the rails. This, too, was
observed in time to prevent damage,
and a short distance from the second
obstruction heavy brush had been piled
upon the track.
Sheriff "White has detailed deputies
to try to discover the perpetrators
and the search for the criminals will
be continued until their Identity is dis
closed. It is probable a reward will
be offered for the apprehension of the
criminals.
Special Dispatch to Tfc« Call.
Hooper and Carson, according to
Taylor's version of the case, upon dose
interrogation admitted that "the gang"
might have paid some one to liberate
them. Deputy Sands, who was former
ly a guard at Folsom, believes one of
the supposed plotters to be an ex-con
vict from Folsom. One of the men
alighted at Yolo, while the other re
mained on the train until it reached
the Sacramento drawbridge. Nothing
more was seen of them. The prisoners
were incarcerated in Folsom, and Tay
lor and his deputy arrived from Folsom
last night. Taylor went to Oakland to
day to learn of the source of the
agent's information, but savB he gained
no tangible clew.
The Etory as Sheriff Taylor gives it is
as follows: He and Deputy George
Sands left San Rafael at 3:45 o'clock
Tuesday afternoon. They left San
Francisco for Sacramento at 6 p. m.
Upon leaving the Oakland mole the
train conductor sought out Sheriff Tay
lor and informed him that the agent at
the Sixteenth street station, Oakland,
had notified him to warn officers having
two men in custody that two of the
pals of the prisoners would board the
Sacramento train at Sixteenth street
prepared to liberate their comrades.
When The train reached the Sixteenth
street station two men boarded it, and
they were pointed out to Sheriff Taylor
as the ones who were to carry out the
plot. The Sheriff and his deputy were
particularly vigilant thereafter. During
the trip up the men supposed to be in
the plot passed up and down the aisle
five times, on each occasion close to
gether. On the first two occasions the
officers kept their weapons concealed,
but ur>on the trip being repeated for
the third time they drew their revolvers
ar.d kept them drawn during the bal
ance of the ride to Sacramento. The
supposed plotters, however, made no
outward demonstration, hence Sheriff
Taylor says he could not wire ahead to
have them arrested. :MfcJ&
SAN RAFAEL, March 4.— That there
was a plot to liberate Austin Hobper
and Charles Carson, the highwaymen,
from the custody of Sheriff Taylor when
en route to Folsom prison is quite evi
dent according to that officer's state
ment. Sheriff Taylor was notified of
Euch a plot, and both he and his deputy
were on the qui vive until the prisoners
were turned over to the Warden at
Folsom. The plan was to take the pris
oners away from the officers on the
train.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Ca.IL
Efforts of the Detectives Fail to Lead
~ - to the Disclosure^ the Identity
of the Criminals.
Hears That Attempt Would Be Made
to Liberate Frisoners While on '
Way to Penitentiary.
Huntington Lines in Los
Angeles County Are Seri
ously Menaced.
Spoils Plans oi Friends of
Highwaymen Carson
and Hooper.
Seven Attempts Made
to Derail Electric
Cars.
Sheriff of Marin Re
ceives Warning
in Time.
WRECKERS
OBSTRUCT
THE TRACK
THUGS PLOT
TO RESCUE
BANDITS
JAP AN WITHHOLDS REPORT OF BRILLIANT VICTORIES
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. .Copyright, 190i,- by the New York Herald • Publishing Company v
TIENTSIN, March 5, 8:25 a. m.===There has been a three days' bombardment of
Port Arthur by the Japanese warships, beginning oh Monday and continuing at intervals
on Tuesday and Wednesday. The Japanese warships were at first within fifteen kilo*
meters range and then moved up to within seven kilometers of the forts.
(No details are given in the foregoing dispatch, -which was evidently censored)
M IKADO'S SHIPS BOMBARD PORT ARTHUR THREE DAYS
TEC WEATHEB.
Forecast m&ae at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours ending
mlanlffht. March 5:
San Francisco and vicinity—
Cloudy Saturday; XUrht east
wind. A. O. McADIE,
District rorecaster.
The San Francisco Call.
THE THEATEBS.
Alcazar— "Mist Hobbs."
California — "Sa* Harbor."
Centrml — "A Break for Liberty."
Columbia — "The Old Eom«
«t«art."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Fischer's— "Boly-Poly."
Grand— "Hills of California."
Lyric Hall — Bauer Concert.
(Matinee Only.)
Orpnetua — Vaudeville.
TItoII — "Tlia Gypsy Baron."
Matinees at All Theater* To-Day.
PRICE FIVS CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 9G.
SAN -FRANCISCO,." SATURDAY, MARCH 5;i 1904.Schooner W. F. Garms Reaches Port.
Oakland High School ' defeated
.Berkeley High last night in thc f Aca-
l dem5c Athletic. League basket ball
match by a score of 17 -to 16. : The
'psnif ivas played in the. Young: Men's
Christian Association , gymnasium ,in
this city. The teams were made up of
.the following players:
/Oakland High School — Umphred.
Ford. Ilurt. Sprajrue. Hirch. . Berke
ley High School — Seisrle. White, Bailey,
MiHer. Stone. . .
Academic J/*aguc Basket Ball.
Santo Domingo ' City Is Quiet.
SANTO DOMINGO, March 2.(Delay
ed). — The United States training ship
Hartford arrived to-day from San
Pedro de Macoris. Santo Domingo city
Js quiet. .The United States cruiser Co
lumbia . arrived yesterday. She; will
convoy the Clyde line steamer Chero
kee to San Pedro de Macoris.
Keappoints Clerk Ayer.
OAKLAND, March 4. — The Board
of Public Works to-day reappointed
R. B. Ayer chief clerk in the Superin
tendent of Streets' office, a position
formerly held by him. Harry Newton,
the incumbent, resigned to-day.
C. M. McGregor was awarded a con
tract for the construction of the new
chemical fire engine house on the lot
in Linda Vista, which was given to
the city by residents of that section
of Piedmont.
Has Stormy. Passaffe.
The ghlo S. D. Carlton, Captain MacLeod,
ended yesterday one of the «torrol:«t trips
Bho ' h»« * ver ****&* across the Pacific. She
brought 2603 tons of coal. Early In th«,voyasre
there were seventeen days of rain and terrific
iduallB. Every »all «et we« burst and blown
away and It was a very disreputable looking
cllnpe'r »hl3 - l^at answered to the Carlton' s
helm when the weather cleared. A succession
of gales wa« encountered for the twelve days
beginning February 0. Time and axain th»
decks were filled with salt rreen water, and
even-thing movable and wfthln the /sea's
reach win washed away. The Carlton lost
three lower topsails In tbis last blow.
While making his rounds last night,
Night Watchman W. Kevins found a
box -containing a complete, set of
burglar's tools in the entrance of the
Nevada Bank building. The outfit
comprised a pair of wire-cutting
shears, a screw driver, file and jinimy.
Nevlns reported the find to . the Cen
tral station and officers were immedi
ately., detailed with orders to- patrol
the neighborhood and' to keep" a, strict
lookout for suspicious characters. \
Watchman Finds Burfflar Tools.
The: South Pasadena Bank is a com
mercial Institution capitalized at $25,
000, of which'. $12,600 is paid up. G. W.
Ey; Griffith is president, E. Cawstoh vice
president ; and ; John' A: Goodrich secre
tary/treasurer and cashier. - < -"-•'
'The West Coast_ Banking and Trust
Company has taken Sacramento for its
home. ¦ Its capital; is $25,000, of-<hich'
2 per cent Is : paid up. John R. Tyrell
is its president and J. L,.- Martin its
secretary. ' •
The Wagearners Commercial and
Savings Bank 'comes to San Francisco.
It has ' an authorized capital of $25,000
and $100 of this has been placed In the
treasury. The president of the concern
is J. "E/ 'Morris "and Z. L. Martin is
cashier. *
The Seal Rocks Bank is alleged to
be a commercial and savings concern.
It has an authorized capital of f 1,000,-.
000." The amount paid up Is $60. Reeves
Davis is president of the bank and
C. S. Cushing cashier. Depositors in
this, institution will not be allowed to
make overdrafts 1 of more than $60 for
the time. being.
The Bank Commissioners granted
four licenses yesterday. Three- were
to incorporafors that took advantage
of -the' lapse of the law when the Leg
islature abolished the ' commission to
getrld of pan Kevane. J .
Institutions Have Their Homes in San
Francisco,. Sacramento and
South Pasadena.
FOUR MOKE NEW BAXKS
; 'ARE GIVEX LICENSES
¦Oakland High School Has a General
Contest I'pon the Berkeley Cin- .
''.^ ' der PatW."
BERKELEY. March 4.— The Oak
'land.High School held an interclass
Held day upon the university cinder
"track to-day. The Junior class cap
tured the .championship for [ the
school. The results were as follows:
* r-C-jaia aaRh— nice, Scupham and Sites.
Tiicel' i *-5 second*.
100-yard fiath— Rice, Sheehan, , Ecupham.
Time. H» *-5 5-ccnds.
'• 220- yard Oa*h —Sites. t?a!Ingrer, Schnable.
Time '-£• 1-J» «eeon«Ss.
. ¦- 440-j-erd d»Fh— Walter. McNamara, Rey
nolds. Ttnr. S7-«et**j»l«.
wc-yard run— Flokee. Dciler, Michael. Time,
" intnutfs li Feconds. '-• -'. ,.
Ml> run— Keys, . Ptow. Brooks. Time, 5
minute* 15 feconds.
> 2-n i!* run— Jtichardscn, McKim. Time,
11 mlnyto* 40 p<-con<!«.
•• 12w-yard hurdle— Melvin, Dozicr, Ghlrardclll.
.Time,*. 17 3-i M-eonds. ¦. ;
;20-*y«rd Mirdle — Melvin, E. Dozier, L. Do
"zier. Tlrof. 27 seconds.
- Hroad Junin— Jtelvin. Eheehan. Vesper; IB
.feet IS' inches.
' High jump— Hall, Ghirardelll, Grubbe; 5 feet
S Inches. , , . . ,
6hot put"— Roberts, Althnf. nranhall:-S* feet,
role vau'.t— Dorier. Vail. Jlayden; height a
tin.
Htmmcr throw — Ma;d?n, Dcwton* Hock;
3>J 'eet.- . -> ., . ,-
JIXIOIIS WIX FIELD DAY
AGAINST ALL THE CLASSES
Frank and Nellie Byrne (owneri) with Wor
rell & Elrod (contractors), architect All
work for a twor«tory frame building (flats) on
W line of Second avenue, 175 S of Point Loboa
avenue. S 23 by W 120, outside lands 282
$4CCO.
E. J. I>e Breton (owner) with William Batc
man (contractors), , architect Albert Plssls —
Pews to be erected lh chapel of -Home for Aged
of the Little Slutere of the Poor on N line of
Lake street, 120 E of, Fifth avenue. E 310, N
7S0:6. SW 301:0%. SE 7(K:5 3-16; $2458.
Xlcolaus Cunfermann (owner) with . Cobby
& Hani«en (contractors, architect August Nor
dln — AH work except painting, ehades and alec-.
irloal fixtures for 'a 3-Ftory frame- building on
SE line of San Jose avenue. 70 NE of Geneva
avenue. BE 1C2, NE 34:S»i. NW 137:6, SW
35, block 30, West End map 1; $Cl«5.
Mrs. Mary E. Plppcy (owner) with Gilbert
Flndlay (contractor), architect F. Flndlay — All
work for alterations and additions to make a
two-story frame' building- (flats), also conserv
atory rdded to rear of old flat on W line of
Walter rtreet. 17» S of Thirteenth. S 25 by W
100; $2<3C5. "
Cella G. Hen-en (wife 'of M. S.) lowm-r) with
W. . W. Rcndnll (contractor and architect) —
All work for & two-stcry. basement and attic
frame building on NE corner of Hayes and
Shrader streets, N 27:0 by E 110; $7Co0.
P. H. Fleming (owner) with AV. R. Krnny
(contractor), architect — All work except
ir.ante'.s. gas fixtures and shade* for a three
*tory and basement frame building (fiats) on
S line of Sacramento street. 1C5 W of Spruce,
27:C by 132:7H: *7045.
Same owner with G. A. Petterucn (contract
or). arcUitcct same — Painting, except wood
work,-trf'maln hall Tor same on same; $725.
Carrie XI. Cook (owner) with Whitney Cul-
W & Co. (contractors), architect Prank S.
Van Trees — AU work except flrpt-stcry lntt
riors, plumbing, painting, tile, electric work,
heating for a two-story, attic and basement
residence on N line of Washington street, 47:0
\V or Locust. W SO by N 1-'7:8%; ?atf>5.
Sams owner with J. Looney (contractor),
architect same — Plumblnp, sewering and water
service for Fame on same; $1000.
Builders' Contracts.
' The' frightened guests rushed out in
the street ln'ttieir riightclothes without
waiting to gather together . their be
longings,' • and ' great excitement pre
vailed in the vicinity of the fire.
At 2 Vclock this morning the-fire was
still. burning furiously, but it looked as
lf;thc 'department was gradually get
ting. the 1 flames under, control. •
The' stable is a- total loss,' and con
tained . many j of the finest horses and
carriages in -the city. " Most of them
were owned by. physicians and residents
of. Oakland. The stable Is situated in
the heart of the town, and Is very, near
the City Hall.
At an early hour this morning fire
broke out in the, City Hall Stables, and
before the flames could be got under
control sixty, horses were burned to
death, as many vehicles destroyed and
one man, Edward Sullivan, injured.
F. W. Baker, proprietor of. the City
Hall Stables, ¦ says that a • stableman
named Dennis Manning was sleep
ing In the loft with SuHivan, and as
he (Manning) has not been seen since
the fire .broke out it is -feared that he
perished. Baker says that Sullivan was
rescued by the greatest luck, and that
the men were sleeping directly above
the. place - where the fire • broke out.
Sullivan was badly burned and suf
fered a fracture of his right arm. 'It
is not known how many more men
were in the stable when the fire broke
out.
F. W. Baker turned in the alarm,
and, *as' the. stable adjoins "engine
house No.'l, it was not- long before
streams of water were being played on
the burning building.. . '• • . y'
The City Hall Stables; are' directly
in the rear of the Touraine Hotel and
Sergeant Lynch of th'e night watch lost
no time in awaking: the inmates of the
hotel.' 1 -- ' . ¦ .• ¦¦•:-.-¦•
Oakland Office San , Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 5. '
Edward Sullivan Is Carried
From* Blazing' Structure.
Dennis Manning and Oth
ers May Have 3Iet Death
The case excites the deepest interest
in Germany, and a Socialist who heard
<he decision of the court said: "That
means 10,000 more votes for us."
The Prince sat .through the long sit
ting of the court apparently unmoved,
apathetically listening to the reading
of the testimony. It is understood that
the Prince's family will place him in a
private asylum..
BERLIN. March 4.— The military
court of the First Guards division,
which yesterday began an inquiry into
the sanity of Lieutenant Prince Pros
per von Arenberg, who Is serving ;a
term of imprisonment for the murder
of a native suspected of being a Brit
ish spy while commander; of a sta
tion In German Southwest Africa, to
day decided that the Prince was jmen
tally' irresponsible when he committed
the murder and therefore declared his
sentence of death and subsequent com
mutation to fifteen years' imprisonment
to be null.
Grand was 39 years of age and had
no relatives here. v He left a. note to the
Coroner telling him to do whatever he
wanted with his body. One letter was
addressed to the girl, and told in en
dearing terms how he "loved her still."
In a memorandum book found on the
person of the deceased were several
notes written in a scrawling " hand x
Grand summed up the motive for the.
deed In these words, "Your precious ac :
quaintance has caused me my life." All
of the notes referred to a young woman
named Caroline Darling of 'the. Penlel
Mission, at 49 Third street.; Grand
spoke of his love for the girl and: said
that life without her as his wife was
no longer worth the living. , ,
One of the notes, written March 4, at
5:45 o'clock, a few minutes before the <
Austrian took his life, was addressed to"
the police. It ran as follows: ' "At "the
Denver House, on Third street, you'll
find my valise, and if you look sharp
ycu might find some Interesting evi
dence. Give my Bible to Caroline Dar
ling if she accepts it." Detectives
Bailey and Armstrong went to the Den
ver House and secured the grip.
Albert Grand, a love sick Austrian,
committed suicide Just evening about 6
o'clock on a bench near Stow Lake, in
Golden Gate Park. The love-demented
man blew the entire side of his head oft
with a bullet from a large 44-caliber re
volver.
G. W. Bishop of 216, Eddy street and
William Gray of 939% Howard street
were driving near by and heard the
shot. They went to the spot and found
Grand dead. They notified the park po.
lice station and the body was removed
to the Morgue.
ONE MAN SUFFERS
BURNS AND FRACTURE
Family of Former Prisoner
Will, It Is Said, Commit
Him to a Private Asylum
Fatal Shot Near Stow Lake
Is Heard by Drivers, Who
Notify Police and Morgue
Sixty Valuable Animals Are
Victims of a Fire That De
stroys Big: Livery Stable
Near Oakland City Hall
DEFENDANT IS UNMOVED
BLAMES GIKL FOE DEATH
Doric May Be Late Iiea\inj.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's liner Doric ia scheduled to sail at
1 o'clock this afternoon for the Orient, but
will probably not get away until much later.
Owing to the crowded condition of the Pacific
Mall wharf slow progress was made handling
the Doric's cargo, the last of which was not
dtacharpred until iate yesterday afternoon. She
win call at .Manila this trip, and carries many
passengers.
PITTSBURO. March 4. — The Standard Oil
Company to-day cut the price oX petroleum
3 cents a barrel on all high grades and 2 centa
on the lower erad?*.
Finds That. Lieutenant Yon
Arenberg Was Not Sane
When He Killed Native
Albert Grand, an Affection
ate Austrian, Seeks Com
fort in Mysteries of Grave
Papers setting forth that Harry
Payne Whitney had obtained the ser-
Vfcea of Shaw are on file at the office
"ct the Jockey Club. It is supposed the
contract is effective only if Shaw has
• the ban lifted this year. For some time
it hap been intimated that the stew
ards think Shaw's license should be re-
Tnewed and some action is looked for.
If Jockey Sha\» is successful in se
f uring; his reinstatement It is likely he
will ride for the stable.
Direct announcement of the plans
have not been made, because the stable,
beins an' asset of the estate, could only
be retained as an asset by the consent
of all th* heirs. The latter will meet
shortly. Should any heir object to the
retention of any part of the stable,
this must be sold. In this contingency,
Harry Payne Whitney will, it is etated,
bid in the animals.
NEW YORK. March 4.— Harry Payne
¦U'hitr.^y will continue in control of the
racing stable of his father, according
to the Tribune. T^ie thoroughbreds
probably will be entered in the name
of Frank EL Hitchcock until the usual
period of mourning shall have passed.
This, it is understood, was the desire
ffxprc-Esed by Mr. Whitney dr.ring his
last illness.
the Sen Will Control the Great
Racing Stable.
After the Usnal Period of Mourning
WHITNEY COIiORS MAY
CONTINUE ON THE TURF
HONOLULU, March 4.— In the suit of
Contractors Clark and Henry- against
the Oahu and Ewa plantations to re
cover $26,000 under an alleged agree
ment of the plantations to supplement
the inadequate Federal appropriation of
JS6.000 for the dredging of Pearl Har
bor channel so as to open it for navi
gation, the deposition of Lieutenant
Rodman has been taken. He makes
aflldavit^that the channel as dredged
according to the Federal contract and
completed is thirty-one feet deep and
over 200 feet wide, but is unsafe for
vessels of over 509 tons on account of
its tortuousness. He declares that $500,
000 will be required to improve it to a
condition equal to the necessities of
war time. To enter the present channel
cruisers would have to use their twin
screws, besides requiring the assistance
of a tug. It is stated that if the plan
tations do not pay the claim of the con
tractors the harbor will not be opened
to commerce.
Planters Must Keep Contract to. Se
cure Benefits of Proposed
Improvement.
PEARL HARBOR MAY NOT
BE OPENED TO COMMERCE
HORSES DIE
HEMMED IN
BY FLAMES
MILITARY COURT
ACQUITS PRINCE
LOVE CAUSES
HIS SUICIDE
The Labor Council adopted a reso
lution last night declining to indorse
the proposition submitted by C. H.
Holt of Holt Brothers Manufacturing
Company of Stockton for a settlement
of the difficulties between that firm
and its employes.
An assessment of. 50 cents a week
was levied on Branch No. 2 of th2
Butchers' (sausage makers') Union in
aid of the striking butchers of Oak
land, •••^v. ;
The consolidation of the lumbermen
in Alameda has worried the building
trades councils and other labor unions
across the water, as builders. It Is said,
have been refused lumber unless th«!
same is obtained from some member
of the consolidated body, which Is
known as the Lumber Dealers' Asso
ciation.
Following this, the Building Trades
Council suspended Union No. 509 from
its meeting and added a fine of $2500,
which amount must be paid before re
admission can be gained.
As a committee of peacemakers.
President P. H. McCarthy, Secretary
Tveitmoe and Treasurer McDougald
were delegated to proceed to Sacra
mento and do what they can to ter
minate the trouble existing in that
city between the union men and their
employers.
By the votes of the Expressmen's
Union and Picture Frame Workers the
proposed public street assemblage or
dinance was strenuously opposed, and
a committee appointed to wait on the
Board of Supervisors to refuse Us
passage. '.\-r
The trouble existing between the two
branches of the District Council of
Painters and Paperhangers is far from
being settled. At the meeting of the
District Council last night the stand
taken by the Russell-Brundage fac
tion was sustained. It was held that
local union No. 19 had not violated any
of the laws nor .rules of their union
governing the brotherhood, notwith
standing the action of the general ex
ecutive board.
With the view of encouraging home
manufactures and, the shipment of
their goods, the grand body of thesvi
unions will be petitioned to encourage
the passage of the Gardener shipping
bill now before Congress. The passage
of this bill will encourage the building
of vessels here-for the foreign carrying
trade.
According to a resolution passed by
Boilermakers' arid Iron Ship Builders*
Unions 25 and 205 of this city, the mem
bers of these unions will refuse to
make repairs on boilers made outside
of this State.
Local Men Will Try to Increase the
Amount of Work Done In
This City.
BOILER-MAKERS REFUSE TO
REPAIR FOREIGN PRODUCT
The Fencers* League,, a club com
posed of lovers of the sport of fencing
and which was' organized quite re
centry, gave its first exhibition at Scot
tish Hall last night. An interesting
programme was rendered and the af
fair was voted a complete success. The
feature of the evening was a tourna
ment, in which the lady members were
the participants, and some good
fencing exhibitions were given.
• Colonel Martin Brady consented to
act as referee, and at the end of the
contests gave the following awards:
First prize, gold medal. Mrs. Mont
gomery; second prize. Miss Sybil
Campbell; third prize. Miss Ethel Cot
ton; fourth prize, Miss Ruby Randohr.
The rest of the programme consisted
of Irish dancing by Eddie Campbell;
recitation. Miss Ruby Randohr; box
ing contest, Reilly and Geary; horn
pipe, Mr. Macbeth; fencing contest.
Professor Reid against two pupils, Mrs.
Montgomery and Miss Cotton; horn
pipe, Montague Barton; sword-feints.
Professor Reid; fencing contest. Pro
fessor Reid and Mr. Vane.
Dancing followed the entertainment.
Lovers of Sport With Rapier and
Sword Hold a. Pleasant Affair at
Scottish Hall.
FEXCEKS* LEAGUE GIVES
FIRST ENTERTAINMENT
fleet has been weakened by dam
ages sustained since February 25
to the extent of six cruisers, five
torpedo-boat destroyers and one
gunboat.
CRONSTADT, Russia, March
4.—- A telegram received from Ad
miral MakarorT; commanding the
Russian fleet at Port Arthur, says
there is no truth in the rumors of
his illness.
BOBRUISK, Russia, March 4.
Pupils of Jewish schools at
tended a service at the synagogue
yesterday, the anniversary of the
emancipation of serfs. The na
tional hymn was sung repeatedly.
The rabbi in his address expressed
hearty sympathy with the Govern
ment.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
A> ri- a U : o r^
Conflict .-on Sea Expected
PHILADELPHIA, March 4.
Teh nurses ¦ left over, the
Pennsylvania * c for -i Seattle to., sail
for the. battlefield: party is
undei|th« guidance/ of v Dr. Anita
Newcdinlr; Magee; who, tendered
her services, ,together.-.with. those
of lier companions,^ without hope
of remuneration. / ?; V
: The^party consisted of Miss
Ella> King;yMiss -Minnie Cook,
MisVvv\delai<de" McReath, Miss
Elizabeth "Kratz and; Miss Adel
Neifi; ; ; Miss "Sophia
Newail -arid Miss Genevieve Rus
isellf v^ew^ York ;^- mUs Mary
Gladivm; ''.Boston,- and..Miss Alice
Keniiner/^IiKliana; -¦ ; >-- ,
• * They, \\nli' embark on the Jap
anese mail steamship Iyo. which
will sail for Yokohama on March
9. Their expenses on the trip to
PARIS, March 5-— In a dis "
patch from Rome a correspondent
of the Figaro quotes the Japanese
Minister to Italy as saying in an
interview that he was not fully
aware of the opinions held in Jap
anese military circles," but, judg
ing from the general trend of the
news received from the seat of
Avar, the attention of the Jap
anese generals was no longer con
centrated on Port Arthur.
He said he did not fear the con
centration of Russia's Baltic,
Black Sea and Eastern fleets, be
cause this was impossible before
summer, and Japan hoped that
the war would be ended by that
time. Asked concerning the pos
sibility of European complica
tions, the Minister said he did
not believe these would supervene
if Japan was victorious.
TEN NURSES LEAVE v,
PHILADELPHIA TO AID";
: SUFFERERS IN BATTLE
MINISTER AT ROME
¦SAYS POET ARTHUR
IS NOT DESIRED
A letter from Dalny, dated
February \ 1.8, brings .the state
ment that the population had been
reduced 'from 1500 to 1000. Sev
eral hundred men were sick in
Admiral MakarorT has arrived at
Port Arthur, where lie was given
a great reception: . /
Quoting- from a correspondent
who wrote to him from Port Ar
thur under date of February 17,
the correspondent of the Matin
sa.ys ' that Gerjeral Stoessel; com
mander at Port-Arthur, had is
sued a general order blaming of
ficers who wasted their precious
time in useless criticism of their
superiors, and threatening those
who d\d so" with,- severe punish
ment. . • .-¦•••" V l :
that Port Arthur 'was mined, a
long time.ago by -ithe Japanese,'
who are 'now trying- to- send -men
who know the place well to. blow,
the mines up. ...
T»he Russian cruisers Bayan
arid Diana" received only 'slight in
juries during the recent engage-:
ments.with the Japanese. Vice
Seattle will be paid by the Phila
delphia Red Cross Society. The
Japanese Minister has secured
transpqrtaliOii for than to Japan.
.-¦ All tlie_bays in the vicinity 'of
Dalnv \vete--stili ic^bound;ii> ;'
the hospitals' and would' shortly be
moved north. • .",' '- : ' '(>i~ ; : ; * "
Continued. From Page 1, Column 4.
Wrecked War^
Bottles Up; Squadron at -Port Arthur
According to the Sebastopol
correspondent of the Daily
Graphic Admiral SkrydlorT -has
learned privately from Port Ar
thur that the Russian battleship
Retvizan lies in such a position
as to block effectually the exit of
battleships from the harbor, the
passage being practically open
only for cruisers.
" The Japanese officer who has
charge of Japan's financial and
commercial interests in England
declares that his Government
foresaw the possibility of coal be;
intr declared contraband of war
LONDON, March 5.— Little
change in the Far Eastern situa
tion is reported this morning. It
is apparent that the Japanese are
busily engaged in transporting
their forces into Korea, and this
work is facilitated by the enforced
inactivity of the navv.
DISABLED BATTLESHIP
PK EVENTS THE FLEET
FH03I KE ACHING SEA
biiOLL, TKursday, March 3
(1 -55 p. m.).— Horace N. : Allen,
United Stales Minister to Korea,
lias thought it necessary to send
a ii-ard of marines to the Amcri
can mir.es at jtfri San. belonging
10 J. Sioat Fassctti which were
reported on February 27 to have
been seized by Russian soldiers.
Sixty men have been sent to the
spot, which is 120 miles north
and that it had been contracting
large shipments of Welsh coal for
years, so that to-day it had a sup
ply sufficient for the use of the
navy for years. The recent Jap
anese elections resulted favorable
to the Ministry, without greatly
altering the strength of political
parties. The returns are approx
imately 130 Constitutionalists, 96
Progressives, 90 without part}'
and 83 members of the small
group.
According to a Tokio corre
spondent of the Standard the
Mikado has sent a personal mes
sage to the Emperor of Korea
assuring him that war was de
clared with the view of securing
permanent peace, and expressing
the sincere wish that the recently
concluded Japanese-Korean pro
tocol would increase the intimacy
of the two countries.
On the strength of a state
ment made by a missionary the
Shanghai correspondent of -the
Daily Chronicle sends in- a doubt
ful report that'twenty-eight-Jap
anese sailors have landed , at
Tengchau, west of Chefu, saying
that their vessel sank as the re
sult of an engagement with a
Russian warship, which also went
down. No Russians were saved,
but 200 Japanese were rescued by
Chinese junks.
This action is reported to have
occurred between Port Arthur
and Miao Island in Liao Thieshiu
Channel. "-....
*- ¦¦ . • .*"¦¦>
*fpecfai Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright. 1904. bjr
the 2Ve\v Vorli Herald Publishing Company. -.;¦
Mr. Koda told of. Russia's design on
Japan and of the years that the bear
The British-American Union had a
rousing meeting last night at the Acad
emy of Sciences Hall, which was
crowded to its utmost capacity. Dr.
d'Evelyn, president of, the union, pre
sided, and there was a profuse display
of the American and British flags on
the platform and from chandelier and
wall. There was also a display of the
Japanese flag in appreciation of the
promise of Kisatsuchi Koda, secretary
of the Japanese Association of Amer
ica and graduate of Stanford Univer
sity, to give some of his. Impressions
anent the cause of the conflict between
Japan and Russia.
Mr, Koda did not mince matters, but
arraigned Russia for what he termed
her duplicity, her grabbing propensi
ties and her insincere talk about main
taining the integrity of China, while at
the, same time herself laying hands on
and stoutly holding Manchuria and
Port Arthur.
D. Edward Collins, president of the
California Bank of Oakland, spoke on
"British-American Arbitration."
had been watching hi3 opportunity \*
make a grand dive upon her and as
similate her with .other Important
points that Russia might have the bal
ance of power in the Far East.
With emphasis Mr. Koda asked
whether It was to be Anglo-Saxon civ
ilization or Slavonic civillzatlc-n in the
Far East? Japan, he declared, stood,
firmly for Anglo-Saxon civilization.
He charged Russia with having vio
lated the promise she made to Japan
that she would go back— that she wauld
withdraw and drop, her grip on the
territo-ry which had at last proved the
bone of bitter contention. Japan had
waited so long that at last she sur
prised Russia by blowing up a few of
her ships on one dark evening. Japan,
he said further, was fighting for her
own independence and for her own In
tegrity, and he was sure that the larga
sympathy that Japan was given by-
America and great Britain would bear
fruit in the near future.
Members of British-American Union
Listen to Address at Academy
of Sciences.
that important movements are under way.
The .Japanese Minister to Berlin is quoted as authority for the statement that Japan's soldiers have,
scored several successes in Kor«i. the only news that passes tlie Japanese censor is that sent
by diplomatic, representatives. Public opinion in Russia toward America is becoming less hostile.
Coal and stores are reaching Vladivostok despite the watchfulness of Japan's navy. The four Rus
sian cruisers are still in port. . ,'„• . .?, . * , 5 ;.-. . '.
Little news Is obtainable concerning: the operation^ on hjtnd or sea. The. strict censorship Indicates
Mr. Allen, United States Minister, according to dispatches from several Independent sources, has sent
United States marines from Seoul Into the very heart of the zone of military operations In Northern Ko
rea in order to protect some mines owned by American citizens.
The Sthtc Department Is astounded at the proposed action of the Minister, and. discredits the re
port. Such Jin invasion would be unprecedented and. would almost inevitably result in a clash with one
or both of the opposing/ forces. • - . -
SUMMARY OF 1 THE- CALL'S WAR NEWS
DIPLOMATIST PROPOSES
TO HAVE PROPERTY OF
AMERICANS PROTECTED
Soldiers From Warships Travel Many
Miles to Prevent Russian
Depredation.
RUSSIA IS ARRAIGNED
BY JAPANESE GRADUATE
OF STANFORD UNIVERSITY
AMERICAN MARINES TO GUARD THE MINES
THE SAN •¦..FRANCISCO- CALL. SATURDAY. 5;. 1904;
• BREST,'; March; 4. — By'order of the Minister
of Marine, M.. Pellatln. , all. leaves. of absence
of naval of fleers and men and those of con
valescents have been ' canceled. ". \
PASADENA. March 4.— Michael Cudahy.
th»""ni1l]i<ni«lr* parker of Chicago. . t» ho is se- \
rioutiy ill. has ixTD^rrmcved.froia his winter'
residence here to the F&sadena Iloepltal
SALT LAKE, Utah. March 4. — Jack
Clifford of Butte knocked out Tommy
Markham of Utah to-night at the end
of the eighth round of hard- fighting.
Both men were knocked down in the
first round. Markham's lack of condi
tion told heavily againsthlna^
Clifford Defeats Mnrkham.
* ASTORIA, Or., March 4. — The miss
ing fechboner W. F." Garms -reached
port" this morning. The vessel had
been driven north by the gales. .'She
had /been missing for. two weeks and
fear was entertained that she had been
2
¦ A { Guaranteed Cure for Files.
' Itching. Blind. • Bleeding or,Protrudlnj;PHes.:
Tour • drugBlst will, refund,; money ..if . Paxo
Ointment falls to cure you in 6 to 14 dajrs.* 000*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SarsaparQIa is unquestiona-
bly the greatest blood and
liver medicine known. It*
positively and permanently
cures every humor, from
Pimples to Scrofula. It* is
the Best*
Pouring Water
Through a Sieve
Is about as resultful of gain as antici-
pating Kit is f action from haphazard
laundry n\thods.
However high your ideal of laundry
work, our methods real lz» it — even cre-
atd one that, perhaps, you've thought
Impossible.
No saw edges. . ........
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MASXST STREET.
\ aceloybone Svatli 420* ., _ '^cently it waa stated that eight battle
ships, three protected cruisere, two
armored cruisers, thirty torpedo-boats
and two coal transports would sail for
Japanese waters in June.
One of the transports, the Kamschat
ka, which carries 7000 tons of coal, will
be equipped with the largest of these
devices ever constructed. Her sister
transport also will have similar equip
ment. These two ships will carry enough
coal to supply all the vessels in the
Russian fleet without having to stop at
any port.
contemplates sending the Baltic fleet to
China seas is indicated by a rush order
just filled by an American firm for ap
paratus for coaling the warships at sea,
Thi3 is principally because the neu
trality laws will not permit her to ob
tain coal, which is contraband of war,
at various ports along the route from
the Baltic to the Far East. Russia has
been obliged to hold back the fleet of
forty-flve warships until June, when it
is believed it will be ready to make the
trip without havingto stop at any port
for coal, for then the Russian navy xvill
be better equipped than any other navy
for coaling ships at sea by means of a
marine cable, in a way similar to that
installed on the United States battle
ship Illinois when she was put in com
mission.
In a dispatch from St. Petersburg re-
NEW YORK, March 4.— That *Russla
Forty-Five Powerful Men-of-War Are"
to Reinforce the Squadron in
RUSSIA WILL SPEED
FLEET IN THE BALTIC
AND COAL SHIPS AT SEA
SAN JOSE, March 4.— The splendid
country; home of Jjjdge H. G. Bond at
Santa Clara has been sold to Lyman E.
Crandall"of New York City., The,con
sideration - named is corporation- stock
valued •, at v $60,000. - The ; place . comprises
about sixty acres within the town lim-
Judge Bond Sells His Home.
MADISON, Wis., March 4.— C. R.
Van *Hise,V~ president of '. Wisconsin
University, announced to-day -.'that'
three New York men and one Chicago
man had subscribed to a fund amount-,
ing to $30,000 and had. placed the
money at the disposal of- Dr.' Richard
T. Eley, : director, of . the .school of eco
nomic and political science of .Wiscon
sin University, to ; investigate ; the his
tory of the labor, movement and allied
societies; in the United States. -The
, work \wlll take : about -. five years.
' Will Study Labor Conditions.
Albert Schadel, who w*as arrested
Thursday night on suspicion of hav
ing attempted the burglary of the resi
dence of Mrs. M. Tighe at 323 Taylor
street, is still in custody of the police,
although they, are inclined to believe
his story that the entrance he made
to the house was through a mistake.
Schadel is a member of the hospital
corps of the United States army and
was drinking when he^ entered "Mrs.
Tighe' s i home/ He badly frightened the
woman and her ; 10-year-old daughter,
but did riot seek to injurenhem-
Police Believe Him Innocent.
MISSIXG GIRL FOUXD
ASLEEP AT XEIGHBOITS
Hostess of Young Woman Is Xot
Aware of Mystery Concerning Her
Whereabouts.
. SAN JOSE, March 4.— The mysterious
disappearance of Miss Lena Feltln from
her home this morning, clad in her
night robe and a blanket, was cleared
this evening, when she was found at
the home of a nearby neighbor, where
she .had been asleep all day. Her
hostess supposed the girl had informed
her mother of her intended visit, hence
made no report ¦ -~-^
LONDON, March 4.— Sir Joseph
Trutch. formerly \ Governor of British
Columbia and at one time agent; here
for the Dominion of Canada, died to
day. . . *
Death of Sir Joseph Trntch.
SALT LAKE, Utah. March 4.— Dr. J.
S. Witcher, son of General J. S. Witch
er, TJ. S. A., retired, of Oakland, Cal.,
died suddenly at his home here to-day
of gastric fever. Dr. Wltcher was 34
years old.
Death of Dr. J. S. Witcher.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 4.—
The operators' and miners' sub-scale
committee, shortly after convening to
day, took a recess to allow the miners'
scale committee and the officers to
hold a conference.
After the conference the sub-scale
committee presented what -they said
was their ultimatum, cutting their de
mand in half and asking: for a two
years' scale at "one-half of the 12*4
per cent advance in wages given last
year." This would make a reduction
of 5 cents a ton from the present
scale and a decrease in other labor of
about 6 percent
President Mitchell and F. L. Rob
bins, for the operators, said that a
general joint session would be held
to-moi'rrow to receive the scale com
mittee's report. If the terms offered
by.' the' operators are accepted or lit
tle changed! a scale will be signed to
morrow. .
Sub-Committee Presents a Reduced
Scheaule, Which May Be Accepted
by the Owners.
MIXERS AXD OPERATORS
V ; ; v DISCUSSIXG THE SCAIiE
The new electric road between Napa,
Vallejo and Benicia is rapidly nearing
completion.
N'APA, March 4. — At a meeting of
citizens held at the. Courthouse to con
sider the building of a new railroad to
San Francisco prominent citizens ex
pressed themselves in favor of raising
a bonus of about $16,000 and a com
mittee was appointed to solicit sub
scriptions. The people of Napa are
called on to furnish rights of way and
terminal facilities. S. G. Van Wyck of
San Francisco is president of the com
pany proposing to build the road.
Citizens Hold a Mass-Meet ins and
Subscribe $16,000 as a Bonus
to the Project.
XEW ROAD FROM XAPA TO
SAX FRAXCISCO PROPOSED
ALAMEDA. March 4. — Information
was received here to-day of the death
at San Jose of J. M. Gray, who was a
member of Alameda's governing body
from 1877 to 1881. Gray moved from
this city twenty years ago.. He suf
fered a stroke of paralysis some years
ago and waa an invalid when he died.
Old Alamedan Passes Away.
Noted Veteran of Civil War Is Dead.
NEW YORK, March 4.— Captain Ira
Corey, whose company on the extreme
left of the First Brigade checked the
advance of General Barksdale at Get
tysburg and held the Confederate brig
ade back until Union artillery came
up after an hour, is dead at his home
in Morristown, N. J. -
OKLAHOMA CITY, O. T., March 4.
Three persons perished in Wednes
day night's prairie fire and the finan
cial lossxby the fire and gale Is esti
mated at $500,000. The dead:.
W. H..MOTER, near Walter; over
come while fighting fire. .
DR. HARMON, near Lawton; burn
ed to death in his stable. —
UNKNOWN BOY. near Lawton,
body found on prairie burned to a
crisp, . >
Hastings, Leger, Walter, Oluslee,
Granite, Elk City, Cache, Temple,
Snyder, Willow, Bloomington, Sayre
and Mountain Park all report damage
both in town and surrounding country
by -wind. ,r,r -.
GUTHRIE, O. T., March 4. — Spe
cials from Indian Territory tell of
fierce winds and numerous fires on
Wednesday night Ardmore, I.'T., re
ports property loss of $270,000 by the
fire in the country near' by. No loss
of life is .reported from Indian Ter
ritory.
KANSAS CITY, March 4. — Reports
of losses from the prairie fires in
Kansas continue to come in. although
the fires have burned themselves out.
Near Holland six members of the fam-*
ily of John McClure, a farmer, were
burned, none fatally.
LEWISTOWN,; Mont., March 4.—
Somewhere between here and Lom
bard, 'nobody -knows just where, three
trains, one a freight and two. mixed
passenger and a freight, have been bur
ied in . snowdrifts for two weeks. The
two mixed trains carried about twenty
passengers. The crew of the freight
train managed to reach Harlow Town
and"*procure; provisions, and it is -be
lieved the snow-bound passengers on
the other trains have succeeded . In
reaching: some of .the - ranches, where
they are.being taken care of.
WASHINGTON, March 4. — Admiral
Walker, chairman of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, conferred with the
President to-day. At the conclusion of
the conference Admiral Walker said
that he had advised the commission by
telegraph to. come to Washington at
their earliest convenience.. He said he
expected the commission would sail on
March 22. If, however, all the members
could not arrange their affairs so as to
leave at that time the commission
would leave a week later.
It is said that the President adopted
an unusual procedure in specifically
naming Admiral Walker as chairman
of the commission, but there were
slight signs of friction. It is said, which
impelled the President to prevent' any
contest in the commission by naming
the chairman himself.
OAKLAND, March 4.— Fabrico Nigro,
who is the owner of the property upon
¦which the Poodle Dog restaurant in
San Francisco is situated, died this
evening: at his home in "West Oakland.
Nigro has been failing for some time,
and a few weeks ago his wife secured
guardianship over him, as he had be
come quite weak minded. Besides his
wife he leaves three children*. It is re
puted that his estate is worth about
$400,000. -¦-> 0
Fabrico Nlgro Dead.
SALINAS. March 4. — When James
Meadows died in the winter of 1902
he by a will and codicil disinherited
his son, Frank Meadows, because the
son had attempted to kill his sister,
Isabelle Meadows. The entire fortune,
valued at nearly $200,000, was divided
among the three sons, who were to re
ceive one-fifth, and the daughter, who
was to have two-fifths. A contest was
commenced by Frank Meadows, but
discontinued upon an agreement by
the family to allow him one-half of
his sister's share. The agreement was
repudiated and a new contest filed.
The case has been on trial several days
in the Superior Court before a jury
and this afternoon a verdict was given
to Frank Meadows. It is said that
there will be no appeal, as a compro
mise will be effected between the
parties.
James Meadows of Salinas Secures
Verdict in the Court of
Monterey County.
SOX WINS IUS FIGHT
AGAINST FATHER'S WILD
Other Cities in the Western
States Report Damages by
the Elements and Flames
President Forestalls Pos-'
sible Contest by Specifi
cally Naming- Chairman
ST. PETERSBURG. March 4.— The
Japan evidently refrained from mak
ing a special effort to prevent their
passape. and it is not impossible that
the calmly permitted the delivery of
the contraband poods, calculating that
they would prove useful to herEelf at
a later stage'/of the campaign.
. The Vladivostok squadron continues
ir.active, though it has an ample sup
ply of coal and the ships are in good
condition. It has evidently been In
structed by the Russian Government
to remain close to the Vladivostok
batteries, In preference to risking a
fjght in the open sea. It is declared
to be only a question of time before
this squadron will receiv. the attention
of the JaDanese navy.
•
Russian Women as .Nurses.
¦ TOKIO. March 4.— It is evident that
several trends laden with coal,, pro
visions and other contraband articles
have recently effected the passage of
Tuugaru Strait and succeeded in reach
lrg Vladivostok. Their exact number
and names are unknown, but it is
Mated that they included British. Xor
,v <rgri2n and German vessels. Two of
them are said to have carried cargoes
of Australian coal.
COAL-LAPEX SHIPS
CONVEY CABGOES
TO VLADIVOSTOK
WILL SOON SAIL SOUTH
GBEAT LOSS BY WIND
Chairman of Canal Board
Summons the -Members to
Washington Immediately
Much Property Destroyed
and Three Perish in Dis
aster Near Oklahoma City
WALKER CALLS
COMMISSION
DEATH BY FIRE
ON THE PRAIRIE
Sprague cannot remember where he
came from, but a railroad ticket issued
in his name shows that he came from
San Jose. The cab driver that left
Sprague at the hospital said that he
had been given instructions by a man
at the depot to take Sprague to the
hospital, and that the unknown man
had paid for the cab hire.
It later developed that Sprague waa a
street ¦ preacher in San Jose and had
fallen down a precipice in that city.
He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and later granted a permit to go
to the Santa Clara Hospital.
Sprague from all appearances Is a
religious fanatic, and though he cannot
remember the name of the town he has
just left, he says that he Is about forty
miles away from home.
An aged man giving the name of
Henry Sprague was driven to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital last night,
where he is being held for examination
by the Lunacy Commissioners to-day.
Cannot Remember Where He Came
From, but Ticket Shows He Halls
From San Jose.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS AX
AGED STREET PREACHER
RUSSIAN iEMBASSADOR TO THE COURT OF ST. JAMES, WHO CON
VEYED:A LETTER. TO KINO EDWARD FROM CZAR NICHOLAS,
AND >4vAL COM AIANDEB IN THE FAR EAST. '¦
James E." Weaver, a traveling ac
countant for the auditing department
of the Southern Pacific Railroad, fell
unconscious yesterday afternoon at the
corner of Market and Second streets
and died a few minutes later.. The
man had been suffering from tubercu
losis for some time and death was due
to a hemorrhage.
He was placed in a cab and taken
to a near by drug store, and from
there to the Emergency Hospital. All
aid was given him. but he died soon
after his arrival.
Weaver was well known in railroad
circles. He was formerly employed in
the auditing department of the Union
Pacific Railroad at Omaha, where he
was born. On the advice of his phy
sicians he came west and secured em
ployment with the Southern Pacific
Company. Yesterday afternoon he left
the office of the company at 5 o'clock
and was on his way to the ferry to go
to his home in Oakland, when he
dropped unconscious on the street.
"Weaver was a trusted and able em
ploye and highly regarded by his su
periors. He was single. 26 years old,
and leaves an aged mother at 1140 Fil
bert street, Oakland. The body was
shipped to Oakland.
J. E. WEAVER DIES SUDDENLY.
SAN JOSE, March 4.— The local the
aters must comply with the ordinance
in regard to precautions against fire.
They have been given thirty days from
to-day to make the changes by the Po
lice and Fire Commission, and if the
theaters do not comply with the law
they will be closed. This action is be
ing urged by the Federated Trades
Council of this city, which appeared be
fore the Police Commission with reso
lutions demanding that steps be taken
to protect the lives of the patrons. Fire
men must be placed on the stage to
watch for fire and see that the en
trances and exits are kept unlocked,
and the theaters must have asbestos
curtains. The fire hose at the Garden
and Victory theaters was stated to be
in very bad condition by Fire Chief
Brown. At the time of the Chicago
theater fire an investigation of the local
theaters was made and changes were
recommended, but no attention was paid
to the request of the commission. Now
the theatrical managers are given the
choice of making the changes or. clos
ing.
Authorities Allow Thirty Days in
Which to Provide Safety
Equipments.
SAN JOSE THEATERS
MUST GIVE PROTECTION
"We must look the facts in the face
and prepare to take the consequences
6f the Japanese alliance. One of those
consequences was the activity and bit
ter hostility of Russia' and the oppor
tunity afforded to the German Em
peror to ; knock the heads of the Euro
pean.powers together and get sbme-
k thing of advantage to his nation.".;
The Spectator proceeds to warn the
press against giving Russia occasion
for picking a quarrel, especially refer
ring to the "aggressively anti-Russian
tone of the Times under the impres
sion of partisanship," which, it de
clares "it is difficult to condone or
even understand." Continuing, the
Spectator says:
"That the Times should give occa
sion to those who desire to embroil
Russia and Great Britain is rendered
more remarkable by the fact that the
Times has done much excellent; ser
vice in pointing out the trend of Ger
man policy. It is to be feared that
the harm done by the want of re
straint originally shown by the British
press cannot now be undone, but at
least our newspapers should realize
the need of not playing into the hands
of the military party in Russia or pro
viding material for those who desire
to prove to France that her ally has
been treated in an unfair and hostile
spirit by the British people. While
explosives are lying about there is al
ways need of extra care and circum r
spection."
The Spectator concludes by urging
the Government .to be vigilant and.
have its plans prepared for, all emer
gencies, sayg: . ,
"A great European war would ob
literate all traces of the Japanese war.
A popular war would cover up an un
popular one and give the Russians an
excuse to make peace or withdraw
from Japan's reach and so staunch the
bleeding in men and money now going
on in Manchuria."
Further, according to the Spectator,
military men In Russia believe the war
against Great Britain would be con
ducted in company with Germany,
whose colonies could be taken in the
event of the British" being victorious,
while, as the Russian fleet has already
gone. Great Britain could not inflict
injury to Russia."
WARNING TO THE PRESS.
Proceeding to explain why the mili
tary power should try to escape the
humiliation of a possible defeat by a
small Asiatic power, the Spectator re
marks: " .
The Spectator points out how "the
Russian feeling of resentment against
Great Britain is steadily rising, the
Russians being convinced that the
British have been the chief cause of
their difficulties by encouraging the
Japanese to go to war."
"Without considering whether there
is any truth in this view," continues
the Spectator, " the important fact is
that it is held by the Russian people
and that public opinion is in such a
state of excitement that war with
Great Britain wouM be extremely pop-t
ular."
LONDON, March 4. — The Russian
Embassador, Count Eenckendorff, who
returned from St. Petersburg, to-.day
visited King Edward and presented the
King with an autographic letter from
the Czar. This was in answer to a let
ter sent by the King, who, on hearing
that the Count intended going to St.
Petersburg, sent for the Embassador
and asked him to hand the Czar an
autograph letter, in which King Ed
ward, in the most friendly terms, em
phasized Great Britain's complete
neutrality during the war in the Far
East, and said he trusted that the
Czar would pay no attention to the
press reports intimating Great Britain
was not neutral, nor to any unfriendly
comments of the English papers, which
the King regretted.
The Spectator to-morrow will say, in
a long article on the effect of the
Russo-Japanese war on international
relations, especially relations between
Russia and Great Britain:
"We do not want to appear as alarm
ists, but -we would be doing harm, and
not good, if we tried to conceal the fact
that the present situation in regard to
foreign affairs is one of considerable
anxiety."
RESENTMENT IN RUSSIA.
Professor Craven was a brother of
Mrs. Olney and leaves one daughter.
Mrs. Henry Koehler of St. Louis. He
was 64 years of age at the time of his
death.
Professor Craven was well known
in Oakland some years ago. He was
connected with the School Depart
ment of this city and was at one time
the head of the Tompkins and later
of the Lincoln School. He was also
at the head of the Alameda High
School.
Mayor Warren Olney of Oakland has
received news of the death, in Wash
ington, D. C, of Professor Andrew
Craven, who, for some time past. 'had
been connected with Columbia College.
' Professor Craven was the husband of
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven, who, after se
curing a divorce from him, claimed to
have become the contract wife of ex-
Senator James G. Fair. Her suit to
break Senator Fair's will was bitterly
contested in the courts of this city, and
the points of law involved attracted
national attention.
Washington — Dan Ginger. Licking.
Whatcom County: Peter Shockley,
Fulda. Klickitat County.
Idaho— Fred F. Huffman, Sever
ance, Kootenai County.
Changes in fourth-class postmasters
— California — Almond, San Diego
County, Evisa A. Rosa, vice Lewis P.
Peterson, resigned; Esparto. Yolo
County, It. E. Murphy, vice John E.
Martin, resigned.
Idaho — Horseshoe Bend, Boisa
County, I*. B. Levee, vice Edwin P.
Stone, resigned.
Special orders by the War Depart
ment: Private Elmer L. Parsley, Com
pany F, Nineteenth Infantry, now in
the hands of the civil authorities
serving a sentence of imprisonment,
will be discharged without honor from
the army by the commanding officer
of Vancouver Barracks, Washington.
Fourth-class postmasters commis
sioned — California — Chris C. Peterson,
Wallace; Samuel Glvens, Glenn, Glenn
County; Charles A, Henry. Waukena,
Tulare County.
"WASHINGTON. March 4. — Bell to
day introduced a bill in the House pro
viding for an appropriation of $100,
000 for a postofflce building in the city
of Santa Rosa, provided a suitable site
be provided by the city.
In the Indian appropriation bill
considered by the House to-day the
provision for Indian warehouses at
New York, Chicago and San Francisco
was allowed to remain and the appro
priations limited so that there will be
no other such warehouses.
at Santa Ro«a.
Congressman Bell Introduces a Bill
Providing for a Public Building
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
ANDREW CRAVEN
PASSES AWAY
IN THE EAST
Colonel E. H. Crowder and Captain
P. C. March, two erf the United States
army officers detailed to accompany
the Japanese forces, will sail on the
Doric. Captain Henry Lindberg of the
Swedish navy and Captain P. J. Hcg
»r<lt of the Swedish army, also bound
for th<? seat of war as observers, will
travel on the Doric.
v.e!!-to-drt Japanese, who are going
home to fight the Bear. They will be
cabin passengers, but in the steerage
v. ith Harry Oka and his automatic pis
tol are .half a hundred compatriots, all
<->f whom have served in the Japanese
army .and are going home to Join the
colors.
"Percy William?. Henry Moss, George
Andrews, Mrs. Percy Williams, Mrs.
Dr. T. Tashiro and K. Kameda are
Oka is a member of the Japanese re- i
serves. He has not been officially re- I
tailed, but goes of his own initiative,
at his own expense, because, he ex-
Ijiair.5. -Japan needs ah her trained j
fighters."
Harry is a good cook, and was a
favorite with his '.ate employers. He* is
proud of his record as a soldier, glories
in his culinary triumphs, but is most
of a!l delighted with the parting gift j
of his Arizona friends. This was an |
automatic Colts revolver and two
boxes of cartridges. '¦,
Engraved on the barrel of the pistol j
is this inscription: ;
"Accept this pun as a remembrance
of your American friends. Take it
home with you and kill two Russians
for each of the undersigned:
¦Among: the Japanese patriots leaving
here to-dav <-n the liner Doric for the
land of th^ir birth none is filled with
more serious purpose than Harry Oka.
once a troouer in the Mikado's cavalry,
veteran of the Chino-Japanese war and
for the last three years cook in the
service of the Imperial Copper Com
pany, Red Rock, Ariz. He goes back
pledged to kill at least ten Russians.
JAPANESE PATRIOT
PROPOSES TO SLAV
TEX OF THE ENEMY
VLADIVOSTOK. March 2 (via St. j
Petersburg, delayed). — According to in
formation received, forty Japanese I
transports, escorted by the entire naval !
l'eet, ha\e been energetically landing!
trocrps in Knic-a at Chemulpo and Fu- .
san. It is estimated that ru!ly 100,000 j
ii^n ha*"e disembarked, and it is sup- i
p-ised 'kat en immediate advance in j
Northern Korea is contemplated.
From the fact that the .Japanese fleet i
is thus employed it is felt that no im- i
mediate attack on Vladivostok or Port !
Arthur would be made. The Russian j
landing of 2500 troops at Songehenp. <m
the northern coast of Korea, has been ;
confirmed.
The rumor is abroad that a quantity |
vif transpoi t material and ninety toss
of salt fish have lw?en discovered laid .
away in secret places in the neighbor - j
hocrd of Xikolsko. Thcs? wore appar
ently lor the use of the Japanese forces
toward the end of the summer. j
:
ODESSA. March 4.— Another detach
ment of Jewish doctors left for the
front to-day, receiving an ovation "as
their train pulled out of the station.
Trade here Is much affected by the
war. Some of the banks have stopped
discounting bills and business firms
are not making new contracts, pending
developments.
JEWISH DOCTOES
START FOR FRONT
CHEERED BY CROWDS
ST. PETERSBURG, March 4.— Major
General Pflug. chief of staff of Viceroy
Alexieff. telegraphs from Port Arthur
recommending: that gifts to troops take
the shape cf cigarettes, tobacco, boots
and shoes, belts, needles and thread,
paper and envelopes and soap. He
says warm clothing is not required.
VLADIVOSTOK. March 4.— Ail is
quiet here. Xo Japanese warships
have b?en seen since February 25,
when ten ships were sighted on the
horizon, but scon disappeared. The
inhabitants continue to leave Vladivo
stok for Xikolsk, Khabarovsk or Eu
rope. There are no sijrns of spring.
The ice is heavy and the co!d is se-
IU'SSIAXUKXEKAL
WIKES FOB GIFTS
FOR THE TROOPS
RESIDENTS HUEKY
FROM STKQXGHOLI)
OF THE laJSSiANS
offer? of half the number of v/omen at
tending: mod v"i lectures here to go to
the front as nurses have been ac
cepted.
Immediate Advance by a Tremendous
Array of Soldiery Said to Have
Been Ordered.'
JAPANESE TRANSPORTS
DISEMBARK A HUNDRED
THOUSAND MEN IN KOREA
BENCKENDORFF PRESENTS
NOTE TO BRITISH MONARCH
Reply to a Promise of Cordial Neu
trality Given by England
EMBASSADOR OF CZAR VISITS EDWARD
THE SAN FRAXaSCQ GALL, -SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1904.
The battleship Retvizan, now lying
crippled at the entrance to Port Arthur
harbor, was the first of the Russian
battleships to carry and utilize a ma
rine cable way.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All sorts of people use it,
all sorts of stores sell the
famous English complexion
soap. Established 1789.
Scld all over the world.
Is there anything better than
trade between friends ?
Schilling's Best makes
friends and trade.
. Your grocer's; moneybacje.
-4^
DR. PIEBCE'S RTDYTFTOEES.
THE FARMER FAILS
In health just a»doe* the drj-maa, and
he fails commonly from the same cause,
" stomach trouble.* The farm is a
wholesome place to live; the fanner**
life is a healthy life ; hot no external ad-
vantages can overcome the effects of a
diseased stomach. When the stomach
and its allied •
organs of diges- t •» ¦£?
tion and nntri-
tion are di»- ~*^ xJSff^j^
eased, the food **
eaten is imper- "^i^i^^^^uf
fectly digested ¦%£jiz^Y\J& r fy n
and assimilated, .J^'^VJfoKjarfCf
and the conse- f £V,Jrt^E*353v
quent loss of bXWil^T^
nurtition results lt^jiff/^S'?^rj^J\
in physical de- V$%f *£&W§PQ
1 DT"pierce > s*=Sss3^^\l5' 1
Golden Medical g G9&S* / /&!
Discovery cures T> Jv \. JL /
diseases of the -^r^iw 4A^Sst>*
stomach and *^ri&/
other organs of
digestion and i^_ -v3Avfij
nutrition, and
enables the j>er» lY^vwi
and assimilation \ *4
of food; It N \
builds up the.
body witb sound flesh and solid nmscle.
"I used ten bottles of Dr. Piera's Cokki
Medical Discovery aad several rials of bii
¦peasant Pellets' 1 year ago this tpiing. ant
have had 00 trouble witb indigestion sines,'
writes Mr. W. T. Thompson, of Townsead
Broadwater Co., Montana. "Word* fail to teC
how thaaVful I am for the relief, as I had svti
fered so much and it aeetned that the docton
could do me no good. 1 got down ia weight tt
one hundred "and twenty-five pounds, ana wai
not able to work 1 at aU. Now I weigh neart;
one hnndred and sixty and can do a day's won
on the farm. I have recommended your aedi
dae to several, and alia!! always have a gocx
word to aay for Dr. Pierce aad his medicine*.*
The sole motive for substitution is U
permit the dealer to make the little mon
profit paid by the sale of less meritori
ous medicines. He gains; yon lose*
therefore accept no substitute i <X « Ooldcj
Medical Discover! "^ ' ;= "7^-Spain Wants More Wheat.
MADRID, March 4.— Owing to the
great rise in the price of wheat on the
Spanish markets the Government has
presented a bill- in the Chamber of
Deputies which provides for a consid
erable reduction of the Import duties
on wheat and flour. v
QUEENSTOWS, March 4.— The Cunard Jiner
Campania,, from New York February 27 for
Liverpool, which arrived here to-day, reports
on March 2 she passed an Atlantic transport
line ship displaying eignals "not under con
trol."
EMBASSADOR TOWER
SECURES A PARDON
American Heturns to Germany and Is
Arrested and Convicted for I
' -V '£. Desertion.
BERLIN, March 4.— Emperor Wil
liam, upon the request of Embassador
Tower, has pardoned Edward Engesser
of Buffalo, NJ Y., sentenced some time
ago at Baden for desertion to six
months' imprisonment. Engesser left
the army in 1S70 as an. act of youthful
indiscretion: He returned to- Baden in
December last and was Immediately ar
rested and convicted. Embassador
Tower found that the case was within
German treaty rights, but he caused
Engesser's petition, admitting his tech
nical guilt, to be brought to the Empe
ror's attention.
Aged AVomnn.Is Murdered for. Money.
ALBUQUERQUE, X. M., March 4.—
Mrs% Annie Boone, 70 years old', was
fou nd ¦•• dlad Jn her bed.. at ; her home
here lo-day. -She had; been, murdered
by -being on the : head with a
piece of gaspipe. She had recently re
ceived'$100. and it is believed the ob
ject of the-murder was to secure this
money, which is missing. There is no
clew to the murder.
, TELLURIDE, Colo.. March 4.— C. W.
Baldwin.' proprietor of the Cosmopoli
tan 'saloon- and restaurant here, was
deported to' Ridge way to-day. The Cos
mopolitan has been used as a free eat
ing-house for the strikers. It was closed
last week by the military authorities
and. Baldwin reopened it without hav
ing secured their consent to do so.
Attorney Richardson, representing
the Western Federation of Miners, to
day appealed the cases of the twenty
seven, strikers who were recently ar
rested for vagrancy, fined $25 and costs
each and put on the chain gang to
work out their fines. The cases will
be heard by County Judge Wardlaw
Monday'. ; . ,
SJOUX . CITY, , Iowa. March .4.—
Frank JL. • Larue, president ..of the
Corning: TSavings Bank, nowvin
hands of a receiver, shot -arid killed
himself .'to-day- '' The savings bank
closed its doors on FebruarylS and its
affairs werefourid badly tangled. The
strain and worry of the weeks preced
ing the failure had affected Larue both
physically and mentally and he had
been confined to the house for ten days
or more.. '. v . .
Military Closes the Place a
•j Wefek Ago and It Is^ Ee-
I opened Without a Permit
Strain and Worry Preceding
Affect the Official
I and ; Weaken His Mind
AJTAIES AEE MUDDLED
VIOLATED THE OEDERS
Proprietor of Tellnride Ees
taiirant That Gave Food
to Strikers Is Punished
President of a Bank, Now in
the Hands of a Receiver,
Shoots and Kills' Himself
UNION ALLY
IS DEPORTED
ENDS TROUBLES
WITH A BULLET
PRESIDENT OF MORMON CHURCH
EXPLAINS DOCTRINES OF HIS FAITH
Exhibits Intense Feeling While Giving His Testimony Before the
Senate Committee and Declares That if the Principle of Rlura
Marriages Should Be Publicly Attacked He Would "Defend Ii
THE- SAN FRANCISCO ' CAIX, SATURDAY. .MARCH 5, 19Ui.
Smith asserted that the incident over
which the anti-Mormon !' papers had
' "I believe the practice of polygamy
was general among the; Jews at • the
time the Scriptures were written," said
Smith. "I believe 'that; it wag com
manded that a Bishop should be a mar
ried man,, because, his duties* made It
necessary that he should be an expe
rienced man."
. Senator McComas took the witness in
hand to bring out whether, as the head
of the Mormon church. Smith had ever
rebuked the apostles of the church for
teaching polygamy since the manifesto
of 1S90, and Mr. Smith declared: "No
member of the church has ever taught
polygamy since that . time." ; f
"How about Apostle Grant?" ' '
Quoting from the New Testament,
Senator. Hoar said it is stated that
there "Is a command that "a bishop
shall be sober and have one wife — "
"At least one wife," Smith "inter
rupted!
"Well, we don't construe it that way
in our church." said - Senator Hoar,
amid laughter. "What I wanted to get
at is this: Now. I know several bishops
in our church who are; bachelors. Do
you regard it a divine command that
the bishops shall have one wife or
more? What -I want to know is how
you. construe that " command."' "
INTERPRETS TESTAMENT.
"I take it, then, that the question of
getting a wife's consent to marry again
might just as well be eliminated en
tirely." said Senator Beveridge.
"Just as .well," answered the v/it
ness.
Senator Overman asked Smith if he
knew whether any one of ihe • six
polygamist apostles had disobeyed the
law in regard to polygamous cohabita
tion since the manifesto in 1890. ¦
"I do not know," answered Smith. "I
only know that they were in the same
status of polygamy at the time of the
manifesto as I was myself. I do not
pry into their ? family affairs. I am
happy to say that I am not a "spot
ter" or an informer. I am not a. paid
spy." ¦ ; ¦c-'-rJ'^-^:
Smith answered that she would be
destroyed by the Lord, but that he was
not informed "just how the Lord would
go about it."
"Then it does not mean that the hus
band could destroy h<?r?" Senator Pet
tus asked. ?
"No, never."
Smith called for a copy of the book
of doctrine and- covenants and read a
part of the revelation which, he said,
has been accepted in the nature of
permission to take plural wives and
was not mandatory upon the members
of the church. It was set forth that if
one wanted to 'espouse a second wife
he could do so by obtaining the consent
of the first, but that if the consent of
the first was withheld he was at liberty
to proceed without it. It was set forth
also that where the first refuses con
sent t> share ncr husband wilh an uher
woman she would be "destroyed."
Senator Pettus asked the meaning of
the word "destroyed," In that sense.
"It answers as to when and where,
but not ho\v r " said Senator Foraker.
"What I want to know Is whether 'the
members of the church were compelled
to practice the polygamous marriage
and, if that is true, why It is that only
three or four per cent of the Mormons
have practiced what has been declared
to be divine command."
TAKING PLURAL WIVES.
• "Does that answer your question?'
asked Smith. ....
I plane.
Taylor " asked about M. F. Cowley,
tone of the apostles, and Cowley's talks
»on doctrine, and in answer to ques
tions by Senator Dubois Smith said
Cowley was elected as an apostle in
3J&T. Reading from the Deseret News
of June 23, 1903, regarding a speech
"toy. Smith at the Weber Stake reunion.
Taylor asked Smith if he was correctly
reported in saying that the doctrine of
¦ plural marriages was a revelation by
, jG«d to Joseph Smith Jr., and to reject
the men in all matters of voting, but
. thai in holding "priestly office"
* . women are not regarded on the same
'mestic and matrimonial relations of
; the high officers of the Mormon
.church, and for that reason he had fa
•" vored the passage of the Evans bill
'to prevent prosecution for polygam
. • -ous cohabitation, unless complaints
were entered by husband or wife
frgainst each other. This bill was
pa£8«rd. but vetoed by the Governor of
-. Utah.
President Smith was called to the
. ftand by Senator Hoar at the opening
K- of the proceedings. Hoar desired
information on the subject of rights
of women In the church and whether
they hold any priestly authority. Smith
Eaid women are regarded as equals of
WASHINGTON, Marrh 4. — Interest
in the investigation before the Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
of the protests against Senator Fmoot
of Utah continued to-day, although
most of the time was devoted io the
introduction of documents subscribed
to as the law of the Mormon, church.
In that '"onneciion President Joseph
Smith, who wzs again on the witness
«tand, testified that if tho principle of
plural marriages should be attacked
it would be defended by the church.
Intense feeling was exhibited by
President Smith against individuals
.who, he said, had spi^d on the do-
"When, where and how was the in
junction in favor of polygamy received
by the church? What I want to
know is whether the practice is arbi
trary or merely permissive?"
<Smith explained that the revelation
was made to Joseph Smith'' Jr., at
Nau-jo, in 1843, but was not. publicly
proclaimed on account of the disturb
ance against Smith. It was taken to
the Salt Lake Valley in 1847, and ini
1S52 was proclaimed by Young and ac
cepted a* « r* vi*rioa. -rSSgggjsa^iaftaM
"I obey the law, so far as teaching is
concerned. I have not said that I have
obeyed the law in my practice. As I
have said before, I preferred to take my
chances with the law, rather than to
abandon my plural families. Polygamy
has not been taught in the church by
any of the officials. The church has
obeyed the laws, even if I have not,"
said Smith.
Reference has been made many times
of the revelation commanding plural
marriages, and Senator Hoar said that,
although the ground may" have been
covered before, he would like to have
it go on record in answer to this ques
tion:
that would be equivalent to a rejection
of God himself. Smith believed he
was correctly reported.
AVOIDS TEACHING POLYGA3IY.
Smith isaid he had avoided teaching
polygamy, but that the manifesto had
not changed his convictions on the
question of plural marriages.
Senator Hoar asked him why he
avoided practicing what he had held to
be a divine command, and the witness
answered it was because of the more
recent manifesto stopping the practice.
Senatcr Hoar persisted that according
to the witness' own statements the
practice had not been stopped, and Sen
ator Foraker interposed abruptly that
the witness had gone over that matter
fifty times and he could see no purpose
of the continued questioning along that
line. Senator Hoar resented the inter
ruption and said Senator Foraker's
statement suggested that he had asked
one question fifty times and had re
ceived fifty answers. He objected to
the inference, and when Senator For
aker arose to answer he. too, stood up.
The two Senators faced each" other in
what threatened to be a serious clash.
Senator Foraker said the Senator from
Massachusetts "could .say what he
pleased, of course! but I have not said
he asked fifty, questions."
"I accept the disclaimer from the
Senator from Ohio," responded Hoar,
but the aggressive manner in which it
was said failed to relieve the situation.
After more,; heated words Senator
Beveridge, who occupied a position di
rectly between -the- two, requested per
mission to ask a question. He said he
wanted to address "Mr. Smoot," and
lmmediately : .substituted the name
"Smith." Iq the laugh that was pro
voked both Senators, eat down and the
hearing continued. ; '> \ ¦'.' - •
Senator Beveridge desired to know
whether the church considered that the
laws were being obeyed when poly
gamous cohabitation had continued
since the manifesto of 1890, and Chair
man -Burrows made the question more
personal. He said: "You have said to
day that you were obeying the laws in
not teaching polygamy since the mani
festo was promulgated. Do you think
you were obeying the law in having
eleven children from . different mothers
since that time?" <-C^-'-%^
OBEYS THE LAW IN PART.
DISTINGUISHED MEMBERS OF THE SENATE COMMITTEE ON PRIVILEGES AND ELECTIONS, WHICH IS
MAKING A THOROUGH INVESTIGATION INTO THE PROTESTS FILED AGAINST REED SMOOT OF
UTAH BEING ALLOWED TO RETAIN HIS SEAT IN THE HALLS OF CONGRESS.
Reference was made to the Evans
bill, which passed the Utah Senate on
March 8. 1901, and a few days later
the House. This bill provided that no
prosecutions for polygamous cohabita
tion should ' be instituted except on
complaint of husband or wife. The bill
was vetoed by Governor Wells.
Smith had said he was in favor of the
bill and was asked why.
"Well, it was rather a personal mat
ter with me. I was one of those un
fortunates or otherwise men who had
a numerous family, and we were made
the prey of a prying individual who
was continually spying into matri
monial relations. I thought if such a
law was passed it would be a boon to
myself as well as a relief to those In a
similar position, and put an end to this
continual 'spotting' of our private af
fairs, I spoke to a few friends about
this bill, but to none of the members
of the Legislature."
Senator Hoar wanted to know what
Smith would do if the revelations con
flict with the law. "Which would you
obey?" he asked.
"With me, perhaps the revelation
would be uppermost," said Smith.
"Suppose you receive a revelation
commanding your people" to "do some
thing which would conflict with the
law of the land? Which would they
have to obey?"
"Whichever they pleased," was the
reply.' "There is no compulsion." Then
he read from one of the standards of
authority: "Let no man break the law
of the land, for he that keepeth the
laws of God hath no need to break the
laws of the land."
son to receive revelations.
Smith said that only thn prpsidpnt
could receive revelations "for the en
tire church," though every member of
the church could receive revelations for
his personal guidance, provided they
live.d worthy to receive inspirations
from God.
Smith then testified that the law
making polygamous cohabitation a
crime was passed by the Utah Terri
torial Legislature, which was over
whelmingly composed of Mormons, and
that the constitutional convention was
also composed, to a large majority, of
Mormons, so that the laws of Utah
legislating . against polygamous co
habitation really were the result of the
efforts of Mormons themselves.
FAVORED EVANS BILL,
A pamphlet on the Thatcher episode,
by Edwin G. -Woolley, was read, in
which It was said that if Thatcher per
sisted in his candidacy for the Senate
on a platform not in harmony with the
wishes of the church the logical put
come would be to cut him off from the
church. It was stated also by Woolley:
"It would be the same If any other per
son in the church should persist in run
ning for. office in contradiction of the
wishes of the church."
Smith was then taken in hand by the
defense and- questioned by Worthing
ton. Worthington called attention to
"an apparent Inconsistency" in regard
to the authority of more than one per-
THE THATCHER EPISODE.
The book on Mormonism, by Brigham
H. Roberts, was next taken up and
treated in the same manner. '
Senator Hoar, in a lengthy statement
going over the testimony that had been
introduced, said it would soon be known
whether Tayler expects to controvert
facts as set forth by Smith — that there
have been no plural marriages since
1890, but that those who had plural
wives would continue to care for them.
"I expect to. show," said Tayler, "that
many plural marriages have been sol
emnized in Utah since 1890."
"And that Mr. Smoot had knowledge
of them?" asked Beveridge.
"Whether with his knowledge I can
not say. I cannot connect Mr. Smoot's
name with every word I utter," said
Tayler. "I expect to show that these
marriages have been, consummated
among officers of the church, and that
Senator Smoot as a . member of that
hierarchy must have had knowledge of
the fact," said' Tayler.
"When this point was reached, and as
none of the Senators desired to ask
any more questions of the witness, Tay
ler was instructed to put in the va
rious documents and books which he
desired to offer as exhibits.
"What would you do if the principle
of plural marriages was publicly at
tacked?" asked Senator McComas.
"We would defend it," said Smith.
STATKS HIS POSITION.
made "such a hubbub" had been a
declaration merely that Apostle Grant
had two wives. That declaration, the
witness said, had been made by Grant
in a- private speech and he had not
taught the practice of the system.
4
» SCOTT'S EMTJI^SIOy.
eats lots of blubber, the
..North-woodsman eats
.lots of fat pork and
•the Norwegian fisherman
;takes lots of cod liver oil.
j They are all heat-produc-
ing foods.
Scott's Emulsion is the
best protection against
colds, grippe and pneu-
monia, because it is a
heat and fat producing
food of the highest
"M/* .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MNYON'S
PAW=PAW
- _^yr \vjI*^O *kV}L\ v / ,_-f
Prof. Clark. Well-Known Scientist.
Praia ea Paw-Paw.
PROF. E. WARREN CLARFC THE
well-known '.ecturer, traveler and scien-
i tist. 27 Thomas street. New York.
I writes: "Paw-Paw Is Nature's own rem-
edy for Indigestion and nervousness. In
three trips around the world I have pe-
i come perfectly familiar with the medici-
! nal virtues of this remarkable fruit. Peo-
ple in India could not do without it. I
was much interested when I read that
I Profesnor Munyon had Introduced this
1 remedy to the public and I have been
1 taking Munyon's Paw-Paw with most
: gratifying results. The first bottle ln-
! creased jny appetite and cured me or
sleeplessness. I am now taking It regu-
larly and find that my whole system is
Improved and strengthened. Paw-Paw
certainly 5s a wonderful aid to digestion.
, I urn' tolling all my friends about it and
what It did for me." .
If you have Dyspepsia, try it.
If you are nervous, try It.
If you are despondent, try it.
If you are weak and run down, try it.
' Cast away all tonics, all medicines and
! all stimulants and let Munyon's Paw-
I Paw make you well.- It will lift you into
, the high altitudes of hope and hold you
there. It will give exhilaration without
intoxication.
i Sold by all druggists. Large bottles 11.
¦ Munyon's Laxative Pills, 25c_a_ bottle.
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
afcrd unusual opportunities for. *a
economical acd satisfactory jouraey to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full information apply to cr address
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK,
General Afent. Cen'l Ajent Putt Dept,
Chic j jo i Ni'rth- W«;nn Ry. Union Pacific K. R.
6 1 7 Market St. No. I Montgomsry St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. f
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. C3 |
LESSEE
UH FRAKllaiu jtgj nuriTH PACiFl?
RAILWAY COMPANY.
| Tlbuxoa 1'erry. Toot ol Market 3 tree; |
SAN FJBANCZSCO TO SAM SAPA^L. !
WKEK DAYS — 1 :'M>, »:OO. ll:uua. in.: 1X.^>.
Z:XO, 5:lu. *i.'M p. m. Thursaays — Extra trip
mil :3U d. m.
Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:39 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:0O. 0:30. ll:C0 a. ra.; l:2w. •
3:.!o, &:00. «:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAFAEL TO SAN rXAZTCISCO. \
; WEEK 1/AY.- — r.:iC. T ::5.". T:wiv. w:*v. 11:ij •
! a. m. ; 1^:50. :t:40. &:00. 5:^l> p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 2:02 and G:33 p. m.
I SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:4*
I 3:40, 4:53. 5:C5. 6:25 p. m.
Leave- I In Eflect ) Arrive
San Francisco. [ Sept. 27. 1303. JSaa Francisco.
i Week I Sun- I Deitlna^ I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. I Day*.
• 7 :30 a 8:00* 9:10a| S:4(2a
I l»:30a lenaclo. 10:40 a!lO:21>»i
i:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 8:20 p i
5:10 p 5:00 p > 7:33 p|
7:30a | »:10a| 8:49a |
9:00 a Norato. |10:l0 a|10:2u a j
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma J 6:05 pi 6:20 p I
6:10 p 3:£(>p and (T:35pi
B:OOp Santa Roia. I j j
7:30 at I |1O:4O a 10:IO a i
|S:00a Fulton. T;30p «:'M p
3:30 PI 3:30 p| j j
Wmdjor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Hraldxburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a I
Lytton. :
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:33 p 0:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 1O:4O a 10:20 a
3:30 p 8:30 p and Ukiah. 7 .85 p 6:2O p
7:3Oal »:uOaj WilllU. | 7:33p| 6:20 p
7:30 at S:0Oa| 110:40 allO:^) a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevlllg. |7:SSp|g:20p
7:30 al 3:Oo"a| Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a I
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ell»n. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 aj 8:00 al 110:40 a!lO:2O .»
8:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebaatopol. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
. STAGES connect at Green Bra* for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey.
tervillt for Skacrs Springs; at Cloverdals for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at '
Hopland for Euncin Springs. Highland Springs. ;
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Hprlngii. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy I
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blu« Lakes, Laurel I
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo. !
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerljr"s. J
Bucknelli, Sanhedrtn Heights. Uullvtlle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Port Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at WtUlta for Fort Brags'. <
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. I.ayion- i
vllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol- {
sen's. Dyer. Qarbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip ticket* at re-
ductd rates. TmiUTi
On Sunday rcund-trlp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket offices. 63V Market street. ChronlcU
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
. J Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass Agt.
B-— — TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY.
ROLL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
VI* Sau«*Uto Paxxy.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge* Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:0O. 8:00.
S 00 10:00. ll:0Oa- m.. 12:20. 1:45, 3:15.4:15.
Sil6 «: 15. 7:00. 8:45, 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
-Daily. 5:23. 6:33. 7:40. 8:35. 8:33. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. i:43w 2:55. *:4,5. 4:43. 5:43. 6:44,
6:45, 10:20 :>¦ m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 5:45. 6:53. 7:52. 8:55. »:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05.-5:05. «:05.
T:05. 0:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH
6 :00 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way statlona.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
i 3:16 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
¦ Sundays ' only— 10 a. m.. Potnt Rayea and
way ¦ stations. - - • " ' -• -
TICKET OFFICE^ — 626 Market St.
FERKT— Union D*pot. foot of Market at.
BAILWAT TEAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
•t 9:30 *• m, tfcrontfi la 8 days,
¦with diaer and all trapptnjt .
Otiier Santa ?• Tratasl
7:80 a. m.1 tor Stockton. Fresao. BakenHeld,
9:30 a. ra. Y Merced Hanford and Vlsall*.
8:00 p. ra. J
4:00 o. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas CJty. Grand Canyon an!
Chicaca. Jl. I
TICKET OPPICI3 — 641 Market St., and
r«ny Depot. S. P. Al*o 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland, C*X. 27 Sontn Tint St.,
San Joie. ___^___^__
I / «u«atr \^1 Tn»ln» leave and ax*
IIA BCCf H MAST A ,dm\
\*i VtouTM } . J due to arrive at
Y<fr\^j|E^/C// SAN FRANCISCO.
X^T^Y y <M»!n Llae. Terry Depo\
V^JU V^*^ Foot of Market Sired >
"t»t*a - Faoai K»bKt--A»T 17. 1*». — a**m~
' 7 00a V»e»Tille. Winter*. Uum»«-y... FoOT
7.00* BenlcJa. Sulsna. Elmlm ajd Sacra-
H'.rU!.. 7-ZOF
7.30* V»lleJ* Nap*. C»1UM>k». Saat«
Ko*a. Martinez. S*n r.ainon 820p
750* Ntie*. Ltvermore. Tracy, Lathrcp.
Stockron .. / Z8P
¦ OO*Sb»ita Express— (Via Darls).
, Wtmara* (for Bartlett Sprlujn).
Wir.owi tPTnto. Kert Bluff.
Portland. Twoisit, Seattle 7-50^
¦ 00* David. Wood! and. KnUhti Lan<t:ng.
Mary*vllle. OroTlllc 7.58f
8 30a Port Costa. Martiae*. Aatloco.
BTron. Tracy. Stockton. N>w-
man Lot Basus. il e n J o t a,
Armona. Hanford. Vital la.
Pon«TTii;e v ••• 4.2BP
8 SO* Port Cosw. Martinez. Tracy. Latn-
rotv Modesto. Mrrced. Fresao.
Ootben Junction. Hanford.
Vlaalta. Bakenfleld 4.5OF
I. JO* Klle» San Jotc. LlrermoTe. Stock-
ton (+M!'iton). loni". Sacramento.
Placerrl'.le. Mary»Ttlle. Calco,
Red Bluff ... 420f
8.30* Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 8o-
nora. Tnolutr.ne anct Angels 4 20p
9 00* Atlantic Kxpreaf— Osdcn sad Ea«t. 11-20*.
8.30* Richmond. Martlue* and way
Stations ¦50?
10 00* Tn« Orerland Limited — Ogden.
Dearer. Omaha. Chicago. 222"
1000* Vallejo - — • 12.20*
10.00* Los An*ele» Passenger — Pori
Costa. Martinet. Byron. Tracr.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
liaymond. Fresno. Goshcn Junc-
tion. Hsnford. Lemoore. VIsar.a.
B»k<-rsneld. Lo» Anfre'.e* 7-20*
12.00« HaywarJ. Nlles and Way Stations. 3.20?-
tt.OOr SaeromentoRWer Steamers Til. 00p
5.30r Bealctit, Winter*. Sacramento.
Wtodland. Knights Landlnr.
MarysTllle. OroirJJle and way
stations ~ 1050*
S 30r Haywarri. NCw and Way Buttons.. 7 53p
3 JO* Port Costa. MarttaM. Byron.
Tracy. Latarop. Modesto.
Merced. Kresno aud Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 1220p
3 30r Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lortf... 1020k
4 COr Martlcex.SanUnmon.YiillrJo.Xapa.
Call»to«;a. Santa IJoaa 9 20*
4 OOr Kile*. Tracy. 8ex-fctoo. Lortl 4.23?
•130* Bay ward. *."!!<¦». lrrlajftoa. 8an> «8.5CU
Jose. Livermore ) til. 50*
5 COf The Owl Limited— Stwnna. Los
Baoo*. Mrndoia. Freono. Tulare.
Bakersfleld. Los Angotes.
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Aa,-»lM. for Chi-
cago, via C. R. I- * P 853 v
6CQt Port Costa. Tracy. StocSzon 1220p
?5 3Qr (Iayward. Sues and San Jo*« ..... 7.20*
6-00i> llayward. N lies an J S>" Jose....... 9-sOa
6 00 Ea*tern tspr,«»-i)(W. Denver.
'¦-.nih». St. Lonts. cnlraajo and
East. Port Costa. Hostel*. Sut-
•hd, Elmlra. l>avl*. Sacra mentor
Hocklln. Auburn. Colfax.
. Trucker. Boca. Ueno. v.w^'v
worth. Wlnaemucca B23>
6.00f Vallejo. dally, -xcept Sunday.... t 7 -, „
700i» Vallejo. Sinday only f ' ou *
7. CO' hlchmoiHi. .-»a PaMo. Port Cost.t,
Martinet and Way Statloos 11.20a
I C5r Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento. Msryvl;i<". Kcl.lLDft.
Portland. Puget Soond and Kavt. 3. 50*
C10* llayw»ri*. Nlie » «n«l s»o Jus» (sun-
dayonly) 11-SRfc
COAST LINE (>*rr«w t»«^).
(Foot »r MarKet Street )
8-15* Newark. Con:rrv!:>. S«a Juse.
Felton. Doolner Creeb. Santa
Crm and Way Station* 5-5S*
t2.18* Newark. C«nier»U!e. 5«n Jos<v
New Almaden. Lo* G*to&.Fe:ton.
Boulder Crtiek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Station* M0.55*
§4.15* Newark. San Jose. LosGatos and) *3 55 »
way station* lt10 55fc
•9 30* Unnters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stations, netnrn-
lng from Lo* «l«to» Snn<!nT only. ;7 2S*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
front SAN HUMIM i). Fuol <>c .Market Si. (Sltp<>
-n-a >:(» U:oo a.m. 1.00 300 6-1S*.a
From OAKLAN'D. foot »f Krunttway — t(i:uu tjn»J
t3:03 Iu:0Oa.m. 12 CO 2 00 400 r.m.
COAST LINE (Uro.at.aiii):
ry (Third nod TuiTnucnd Streets.)
6-10* San Jove and Vl*r Swtlon* gj>
700* San Jo«e and Way St*:lon* 5 3S!"
1.00* New Almaden (Tnrs.. Fiid.. onTy>. 4.10*
¦ 00* Thr Coaster — 9tup* onl.r Smp .lone*
Gllruy (connection for rjollia-
ter). Pajaro. Cautrorine (coc-
nertlon l« and from Monterey
and Paclflc (.rovc>. Salinas, dan
Ardo. Pa»o Kjbles. 8ant» Mar
f»r!;.i. San Lul* » »i»: - j» .. principal
stations thence Surf (cennectioa
fi.r Lompoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara. Son I)Qfa»
rentiira, Saugus. L«w Anceles... 10.43*
t.CO* fai Jose. Tr<-« Plnos. Capltola.
&aataCru^.I*aflOc(»roTe.S.illnaa.
San Ln!> Oblapo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10*
1040* Saa Jcse and Way Sutlona. 1.23*
11 30* Santa Clara. San Jose. Lot Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30 ¦
130* San Jo*e ar.d Way Station* S 35a
3 OOr Del Monte Kxpr»»»— Saara Clara.
£an Jusv. Del Mr>nrc. Monterey.
Paclflc Grove (connects nt Santa
Clara for Santa Cmz. lluulder
Creet and Narrow Gaoc? Pol n:» >
st Gllr.jy for Holllster. Tres
Plnos. at TiistroTlile for Salinas. 1215*
5-30* Tres Plnos Way Passeniter 10 4S*
4 30* ban Jose ind Wsy Stations t8 CtU
tSOOf fc»n Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. and Prtnclpal Way S;.»-
tions (exept Sunday) '^ On*
tb-SOf EanJoseandPiincfpalWay Station* 13 40*
6.00* 8aa*«t Limited.— Kedword. 3»n
Jose.G11roy.SaltDa*.P*so Itoblea.
6an I. "!s Oblspo. Santa Barbara.
Los Aoicel»s. Deminsr. El Paso.
>ew Orlesna. New York. Con-
nects at Pajsro for Santa Crux
and at CastroTt:> for Paclfle
GroTe and Way Statlona 7-10\
tS-16* Can Mateo. Beresford.B«lmont.8aa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
MenloPark. Palo Alto........... rS-48*
• SO* San Jose and Way Stations m 8.33*.
100* Palo Alto and Way Stations....... to is*
11.30* South SanFrsnclsco. Mi'.lbrar. Bar
llnjcame. Saa Mateo. Brlmont.
£an Carlo*. Bedwood. Talr Oaka.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto...... 9.45r
•11-Wp Kayflekl. Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose t3.4&i»
? forMorn-.ns;. Pfor Aftemooa.
1 Sunday excepted. I Sunday only
a Saturday only.
I Stop* at all stations on Sunday.
Or Only trains stoppl&g at Valencia St. soaihtMvad
sreB:10*.*^7:00*.M., 11:30 a.m.. S:30» ¦„ .:» *ji«Taa3
•«• *J1 -
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
L«s\ve Tia SnaUita f srrj .\rhTc
Bam Prancfaco fast sf lartst ft, Saa Fraadaoj
Week Sua- gx'\3 Sm>> Weak
P»n. day* dari D»yv
•iTM**]"H:OOA t~££&rt2&l 13:O3*f0l4C4
•1:46* »:OOa rgEBSfigSi! l:'»r1:Bo?
•:1ft* 1O:OOa VgK0f I:tOp .V.M>n
11:OOa 4:&Of 9iS9p
t—i Tta ihft >t Kissa sM TTflaw Oaf)
"nCllT I ft2ft Makxtt St^( North Shor« RailrostdT*
ms | and S«g»*tfro Fbit, Foot **»rVrt Sc
iCBOKHBOU AX3 CSISiaf U&&U4iSi
A CURB IN - 48 HOUR*, -
ADVEETISEMENTS
I DONT- HACK |
1 high up on the chest. ' It won't care yon in a minute, but I
I keep it on a reasonable length of time and you- will feel the I
II * For the aching back after a TGrippy Cold, nothing will |
IT benefit you as much as an Allcock's Porous Plaster. 1
H REMSMBCR— Allcock's Porous Plasters are equally effective for. weak back, W
I pains ift tti* region of the Ivldnajrs, pains in the cheit, rprmlni, ttuToeu of H
." I •_ thajolnta, ••ra ¦¦¦«<;]«• or any trouble arising from taking cold or over-e*ert«on. H
ft ¦ AHcock f »— the oaly genuine porous plaster. 1¦?, The deeds made by Mrs. Rosa . Frey
giving" to : her two; children; Julius! D.
Frey and Millie Lindauer, realty worth
$10,400 were set aside by Judge Seawell
yesterday ;on complaint of Mrs. Frey.
She made the deeds two years ago, in
tending that they should hot go into
effect until after' her J death. ¦'Unfortu
nately, she was ignorant .of the law and
had them recorded, thus making them
immediately effective.' She did "hot learn
of her, mistake until* the. "property^, men
tioned; in the deed to her son"*, was at
tached by the Mutual Label and Litho
graphing Company for debt. .. :'"."
Mrs. Frey Gets Realty Back.
The Grand Jury held a brief session
yesterday afternoon, at which some
minor complaints were heard and'mat
ters of public interest discussed. No
final action was taken.
The greater portion of. the session
was devoted to a consideration of the
methods in vogue in the police courts.
It has been repeatedly alleged that the
judges are not attending to business
and that the number of convictions is
hopelessly at variance with, the num
ber of complaints filed. The alleged
misconduct _ of... affairs at the Alms
house was also taLen up, but no wit
nesses were called. The investigation
is practically ended and it is expected
that by next week a report will be
ready.
Feren bids, ranging from $2,000,000. tt»
.«2.500.000, for grading, and tunnel work
on the proposed bay shore cut-off, have
been received by the Southern . Pacific
Company and are now being considered
in New York at the conference between
President Harriman, General Manager
Kruttsehnitt and other officials of the
Harriman lines.
It * was stated at * the offices of the
company -yesterday that the 'awarding
of contracts for the work •will be made
within the* next six weeks. The work of
tunneling will be the principal ex
pense of ¦constructing the^ cut-onY for
there are to be five f-mnels through the
Potrero hills. .'¦¦_
The : bidders for; the boring of these
are among the largest contracting firms
throughout the country. •¦
GRAND JURORS PROBE
MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS
SCRUTINIZING BIDS FOR
CONSTRUCTION OP CUT-OFF
Professor van der Naillen in a short
address described the studies in wire
.less telegraphy made by European spe
cialists before Marconi, but said the
Italian inventor was entitled to be
called the father of the system be
cause he had maCe it commercially
available. There was no longer any
excuse, he argued, for failure to adopt
it on all steam and sailing ships, both
ocean-going and coastwise. More than
300 maritime stations have .been ,es
lablished and many trans-Atlantic
lines have installed the apparatus on
their boats. San Francisco and its
great commercial interests cannot
longer afford, he concluded, to neglect
the great invention.
A. Van der Xaillen Explains Appar
atus and Pleads for Use of .
Marconi's System.
" The commercial practicability of the
Marcrmi system of wireless telegraphy
tm presented yesterday afternoon be-
Jore a epecial meeting of the San Fran
cisco Board of Trade. The apparatus
.exhibited consists of the simple forms
of transmitter and receiver or "co
herer." Messages were sent and re
ceived across the width of the halL
Several hundred members were pres
ent and showed great interest in the
tests.
DEMOXSTRATES SUCCESS
OF WTRELESS TELEGRAPHY
HANOVER. Prussia, March 4.— The
condition of Field Marshal Count von
Waldersee is causing anxiety among
his friends. He has been ill for some
days and is losing his strength.
Count Von Waldersee Seriously 111.
Louis Luft. a waiter employed at
865 Market street, reported to the po
lice last night that he had been as
saulted and robbed of $8 by two
young men. Luft had been drinking
Thursday night in a saloon at the cor
ner of Montgomery and VaUeJo streets
when he met the men who he says
robbed him. They had drinks together
and when he left the place his newly
made acquaintances struck him on the
head with a blunt instrument and
went through his pockets. Luft say
that he can identify the culprits.
Claims He Was Robbed.
Louis Whitehead, a youthfu} burg
lar, was captured yesterday afternoon
by Officer E. E. Gable as he was in
the act of ransacking .the house of
Mrs. H. L. Ditjen at 70G*£ Fell street.
He was taken to the City Prison and
his 'name placed on the detinue book.
Whitehead gained access to the
Ditjen home through a window and
had secured a pair of gold-handled
opera-glasses when caught. The po
lice believe that they can connect him
with numerous other burglaries that
have occurred in the neighborhood
during the last month and will defer
charging him until the connection has
been established.
Louis Whitchcnd Is Arrested In House
With Loot In His Possession.
«
YOUNG BURGLAR IS CAUGHT.
which, had been stolen from the tailor
ing shop of T. W. Williams at bhi
Kearny street, which had been entered
by the j thieves through a rear door. .
Wright Is 25 years of-age and Wedin
is 22. Six months ago the latter served,
a three months' term In the County
Jail for petty larceny. The original
charge was grand larceny, but it was
reduced. Wright has also served a
sentence for vagrancy,
j Both men were arraigned on a charge
of burglary yesterday before Judge Mo
gan. An additional charge of assault
with intent to kill was lodged against
Wright for hfs murderous assault on
O'Brien.
Rolla V. Watt; presided and Dr. F.
M; Larkin made the. address- of wel
come and was ifollowed by the Rev.
William Kirk 'Guthrie .and H. J. Mc-
Coy, both of whonihmade appropriate
speeches. Miss Hussey and Mrs. Part
ington rendered vocal selections arid
Miss Cleveland^ gave. a recitation, and
Messrs. Davis and "Wilcox acknowledg
ed the high compliment- which the as
sociation and the woman's auxiliary
had paid them in assembling in such
large "numbers to. bid them welcome to
the city. . . , *
People representing many of the
city churches, together with the cler
ey. Prominent* professional,. and busi
ness men arid members of the Young
Men's; Christian Association, assem
bled in the association j»arlors last
night to extend a welcome to Henry
W. Davis of Indiana, the association's
new religious work director, and B.
B. . WIlcox of Chicago, who has just
assumed ' the position of State secre
tary of the association of California.
. The reception was given under the
auspices of the board of management
and the woman's auxiliary, of which
Mrs. E. E. Kelly is chairman.
Henry \y. Davis and B. B. AVilcox
Greeted at Y. M. C. A. by Repre
sentative Men anil Women.
STRANGERS TO CITY ARE
GIVKN* HEARTY WELCOME
LIMA, Peru, March 4. — A tremendous
earthquake which did much damage
occurred here at 5:20 a. m. Nothing
comparable with it has been expe
rienced during the last thirty years.
NEW YORK, March 4.— Advices to
Iccal houses having connections at
Lima state that, though the earthquake
was the most severe in many years, no
lives are reported to have been lost.
PARIS, March 4.— Mail advices re
ceived at Madagascar from Mayotte,
Comora Islands, say that three craters
of the Great Comora Islands have been
in a state of continuous eruption- since
February 25. There have been some
victims among the natives.
Severe Earthquake Occurs in Lima
TWO BURGLARS, OFFICERS
WHO CAPTURED THEM.
REPORTER, AND SUSPECT.
After having had a quarrel with her
employer . last Thursday, Miss Lena
Johnson, a Swedish servant, 42 years
old, deliberately killed herself by.- al
lowing gas to escape from a bracket in
her room.
, Miss Johnson had been employed^for
some time in the family of Mrs. J. E.
Miller, 2644 Howard street. The un
fortunate young woman .visited Sophie
Olson, her sister, at 52 Converse street
last . Thursday night and told her that
she had had a quarrel with Mrs. Miller
and that she intended to commit sui
cide. At a quarter before 7 o'clock
yesterday morning C.-T. Lynd, one of
the roomers in the house, detected the
odor^of illuminating gas in the vicinity
of Miss Johnson's room. An entrance
was forced and she was found dead in
her bed. / Gas was escaping from an
open burner in the room and the key
hole and the sides of the window were
plugged with rags. ' -
Her relatives declare that -she was
demented because of sickness.
After a Disagreement With Her Mis
tress, Lena Johnson Deliberately
Kills Herself.
SWEDISH SERVANT TAKES
''^QUARREL TOO SERIOUSLY
Policeman McHugh made what he
considered an important capture of
two burglars yesterday morning. One
is Thomas H. Commins, a blacksmith
at 320S Mission street, and the other
William Murphy, a fireman attached
to engine 18, who is looked upon as
the champion Jumper of th depart
ment.
McHugh, In his report to the Chief
of Police, says i he saw two men act
ing suspiciously about 3 o'clock yes
terday morning on Mission street, be
tween Twenty-eighth and Twenty
ninth. . Then he saw them enter
the blacksmith shop of Thomas H.
Commins and come out in a few min
utes. He saw them walk to the butcher
shop of Charles Fritz, 3204 Mission
street, and break open the door with
a hammer and chisel. McHugh thought
it was time to act and boldly, entered
the butcher shop. He found Murphy
hiding under the stairway and prompt
ly arrested him on a charge of bur
glary. Commins was not found till
about S o'clock and he was also
charged with burglary.
The two defendants appeared before
Police Judge Conlan and after being
Instructed as to their rights the cases
were continued till Monday. About an
hour later they were both released on
$2000 bonds accepted by Judge Conlan.
Fritz, the proprietor of the butcher
shop, called upon Captain Martin yes
terday afternoon and said that Mur
phy and Commins had his permission
to enter his shop at any time to get
a supply of tallow to use on the legs
of their horses. He was satisfied they
had no felonious yitent and said he
would not prosecute them. He hinted
that whisky had much to do with their
foolish act.
Wright and Wedin for more than a
week past have occupied a room at
405 Kearny street. In attempting to
loot the room of a fellow lodger they
were discovered. First, they attempt
ed to escape by stringing a line of bed
clothes from a rear window. Wright
stood at the head of the stairs with
a drawn revolver while his companion
prepared the improvised rope, i Sud
denly they abandoned that idea of es
cape and dashed down the stairs into
Kearny street. Pursued closely by
O'Brien and the policemen, they sought
the shelter of the Astor House, where
Wright made a losing fight for f reedom;
even to the point of attempted mur
der. >
Wright was sullen and combative
after he had been .¦ overpowered, and
Wedin was smilingly, •non-committai.
Both denied knowing one another, but
in Wright's possession was found a
photograph of the two men, taken to
gether last September.
After the two men had been taken
to the Central station, Detective Jerry
Dinan and Policemen McShane, McGee
and Groat made a search of ; the bur
glar's room and discovered " nineteen
waistcoats, fourteen coats, seven pairs
of trousers and a bolt of cloth, ' all of
Baffled in his original intention,
Wright turned his gun on O'Brien and
sought in every way to take his life.
He managed to explode the weapon
once, the bullet taking effect in
O'Brien's leg. Notwithstanding the
wound the reporter continued to strug
gle with the burglar and finally suc
ceeded in wresting the revolver from
Wright,' but not before he had checked
the fall of the hammer with his finger
and received a painful bruise.
Policeman Keohane came to O'Brien's
assistance as quickly as possible, but
the fighting was in such close quarters
that it was impossible to rescue the re T
porter from his peril until'the weapon
had been wrested from Wright and. he
was powerless to do further harm."..
Keohane grabbed Wedin, the other
burglar, and threw him downstairs into
the waiting arms of Policeman O'Con
nor, who was mounting in pursuit of
the thieves. O'Brien after taking the
revolver away from Wright passed it
back to Keohane and managed to hold
the thief until the policeman came to
his aid.
John D. O'Brien, a reporter for The
Call and one of the best known news
paper men of the city, narrowly es
caped a fatal wound at an early hour
yesterday morning in a chivalrous effort
to prevent a vicious thief from killing
a policeman. Fortunately the . leaden
missile missed a vital spot and only in
flicted a flesh wound in O'Brien's left
thigh.
The thief whose murderous attempt
was balked by O'Brien is known as
Charles H. Wright. In company with
another thief, who gives his name as
Robert Wedin, he attempted to burglar
ize a room at 405 Kearny street. The
lodger awoke and made an outcry suf
ficient to attract the attention of Po
liceman Daniel J. Keohane on Pine
street and Policeman O'Connor, who
rushed down from Dupont street.
O'Brien was talking to Keohane at
the corner of Pine and Kearny streets
when the outcry came. Both men saw
the two thieves bolt from the lodging
house at 405 Kearny street and rush up
Pine street. O'Brien and Keohane took
up the chase and followed the burglars
into the Astor House, a notorious resort
on Pine street. OTirien followed Keo
hane up the stairway, and in a narrow
niche off the hallway discovered the
two burglars. Wright drew a revolver,
with the evident intention of shooting
Keohane, who had missed his quarry
in the rush upstairs. The plucky re
porter grappled with the intending
murderer and wrestled with him for the
revolver.
Wednesday evening at Lyric Hall
Clan Fraser presented Dr. Ian Grant
in an Illustrated lecture on Scotland
and the consensus of opinion as ex
pressed by the large and enthusiastic
audience present was that it was the
most interesting lecture ever presented
in the city on the subject. The illustra
tions were true to nature and the cloud
effects in the region of the famous
lochs were superb. The members of
Clan Fraser escorted the lecturer from
their hall on O'Farrell street to Lyric
Hall, with pipes playing and plaida
and bonnets in full force.
Lecture on Scotland.
Held in $2OOO Bonds
for Entering a
Meat Shop.
Loot of Tailor Shop
Found in Room
of Crooks.
It may be said with some degree of
assurance that the iron and steel in
dustry has made further progress in
the right direction, and the prospect is
brighter than it has been at any time
during the winter.
Domestic hides are weaker than Is ex
plained by the seasonable deterioration
in quality.
Failures for the week in the United
States were 236, against 240 last week,
287 the previous week and "229 last year.
Failures in* Canada number 27, against
22 last week, 20 the preceding week and
16 last year. ittibSgili
Prospects have improved on the Pa
cific Coast, where much-needed rain
has fallen.
Railway earnings for February were
2.2 per cent less than last year, bad
weather restricting traffic
Business continues to improve despite
the difficulty of low temperature and
higher prices. Weather conditions have
been singularly unpropltious, deep
snow retarding distribution of mer
chandise and excessive cold delaying
the opening of spring trade and struc
tural work. Yet -retailers are making
extensive preparations, and plans are
submitted for numerous building opera
tions.
Manufacturers are buying wool only
to cover actual needs, and while stocks
are small buyers disposed to purchase
find dealers willing to meet their views.
There Is little activity in lumber.
Eastern shoe manufacturers report
demand for spring goods backward as
a whole, but leather is strong in price.
Wheat (including flour) exports for
the week ending March 3 aggregate
1.643,086 bushels, against 2.09L4S8 .bush
els last week and 3,491,486 bushels this
week last year.
Business failures in the United States
number 195, against 200 last week and
171 in 1903, and 19 in Canada, against 17
last week and 24 last year.
XEW YORK, March 4.— R. G. Dun &
Co.'s weekly review of trade to-morrow
will say:
Railway earnings reflect the most un
favorable vlnter weather in many
years in a decrease of 20 per cent in
January, net earnings representing a
decrease in gross of 5 per cent. Febru
ary returns promise to be no better. The
feeling is still that good settled weather
would help to repair the backwardness
of general business and be particularly
helpful to building and other lines of
outdoor work, in which operations are
practically at a standstill. Collections
are fair to good.
Weather conditions have checked
Eastern wholesale trade, and retail
business Is backward.
Among the industries reports indicate
activity in iron and steel and prices of
some grades of iron firmer, but the iron
ore situation is not yet settled, the coke
supply is insufficient and a soft coal
strike overhangs Western industry gen
erally. The agricultural situation, on
the whole. Is one of great strength,
and a record breaking acreage will go
into cotton.
Trade and Industry are still Irregular,
being: active in favored sections, but
hampered in others by the prolongation
of winter weather, with its concomi
tants of delayed transportation, car
shortages or floods.
NEW YORK, March 4.— Bradstreefs
to-morrow will say:
winter. .
¦ The railroad company hopes for &
pleasant day and a large crowd in the
rark la order that as much animation
ac pcs?ible may be exposed to the big
camera, which will be in charge of
Hairy and Herbert Miles. It is pur
posed to expose the lens of the camera
at different points around the music
stand, in order to gain the greatest
possible scope and catch a large num
ber cf the fashionable equipages that
are in the habit of including that por
tion Of the park in their Sun Ay tour*.
. The company has also arranged with
the Harbor Ccrr.missioners for the use
of one of the State tugs later in the
v.eek for the purpose of getting a
motion picture of the entire city front.
'.Another unique undertaking planned is
to send the camera to the Caspar
Lumber Mills, where the felling of a
pigantic tree, its transportation to the
'mill, and its transformation into lum
ber is to be photographed while the
operations are in progress and the pic
tures reproduced at the exposition for
the purpose of illustrating the thriving
lumber business of California.
Southern Pacific Company to Exhibit
Motion Pictures at the St. Louis
Exi>osition.
. The Southern Pacific Company has
.arranged for the taking of a motion
picture of the Fpreckels music stand
and its surroundings in Golden Gate
Bark to-morrow afternoon. The pur
pose of the company is to use the pic
ture in connection with the California,
exhibit at the St. Louis Exposition,
with a view of showing Eastern and
foreign people an" attractive spot in
San Francisco during a California mid-
PHOTOGRAPHING PHASES
OF A CALIFORNIA WINTER
Blacksmith and Fire
Laddie Charged
With Grime.
John D. O'Brien Shot
in Left Thigh by-
Thief.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, March 4.—
Charged with arson and with 'being
members of a gang organized to burn
business property to secure Insurance
money, August Wilmer, Alexander Jen
nings, John H. Hclliman and Frank
Wilson have been arrested by the po
lice of this city. J. E. Colter, a promi
nent merchant of Lehi, Utah, is under
arrest there on a similar charge. He
is accused of being the financial backer
of the gang and having instigated the
plots. Jennings and Wilson have con
fessed, implicating the others. Among
other deeds, it is charged that the gang
burned the creamery at Lehi in Sep
tember last and the boarding-house at
Murray owned by "Wilmer.
TRADE MOVES
IRREGULARLY
?
Business in Iron and Steel
Is Active, but General Con
ditions Are Backward
Salt Lake Police Bound Up
a Gang: That Has Made
Arson a Means of Profit
BURN HOUSES
FOR INSURANCE
The plaintiffs In error had petitioned
the Superior Court of Washington for
the condemnation of a right of way
across certain lands belonging to the
Tacoma Mill Company for a line of rail
road in Thurston County on its way to
a terminus on the Pacific Ocean. The
defendant had refused to sell or convey
the right of way. The lower court en
tered an interlocutory decree restrain
ing the railroad company from proceed
ing with the condemnation suit.
Under the judgment of the Court of
Appeals the condemnation proceedings
may be prosecuted In the State courts.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals yesterday reversed the decree
of the United States Circuit Court for
the district of Washington, Western
Division, and directed the lower court
to dismiss the bill In the case of the
Black Hills and Northwestern Railway
Company, the Mason County Logging
Company, Thomas Bordeaux. A. H. An
derson and Joseph Bordeaux vs. the
Tacoma Mill Company.
RAILROAD 3IAY CONDEMN
FOR ITS RIGHT OP WAY
Captain Sartoris was born In Wash
ington and educated in England. At
the beginning of the Spanish war he
was appointed first lieutenant of the
First United States Volunteer Engi
neers and upon the request of Major
General Fltzhugh Lee he was made
aid de camp of the latter. On his
twenty-second birthday he was pro
moted to be captain of the Third
United States Volunteer Infantry and
¦was honorably mustered out of that
regiment at the end of the •war.
On the recommendation of General
Lee he was appointed a lieutenant in
the regular service.
. 3Ille. XouCard Is a gTanddaugrhter
of the late Sir Charles Halle, a dis
tinguished English musician. Her
brother, M. Charles Noufflard, is now
Secretary General of French Congo, a
position of hig-h responsibility and
trust.
ep*ctal I>!8p»tch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. March 4. — IL.and
Mme. Xoufflard of Paris have author
ized the announcement of the engage
ment of their daughter. Mlle.Germalne
Cecil, a Parisian beauty, to Captain
Algernon Sartoris, gTandson of Presi
dent Grant, who recently sailed for
France. The marriage will take place
In June In Paris. Captain Sartoris
was received into full membership of
the Roman Catholic church at St.
Louis last week. Captain Sartoris was
brought up in the Church of England,
though his mother, Mrs. Nellie Grant
Sartoris. is a member of the Methodist
church.
¦WASHINGTON, March 4.— Isaac T.
Stoddard, Secretary of the Territory of
Arizona, has resigned and his resigna
tion has been accepted, to take effect
April 1. -
Some tlm« ago charges were filed
against Secretary Stoddard. He waa
charged with promoting the incorpora
tion of companies in Arizona for which
he received lucrative fees. In Itself
this was not contrary to- the law, as
the Secretary Is entitled to the fees of
his office; but when the Governor and
Legislature of the Territory sought to
curtail the Secretary's fees and to put
his office on a salary basis Stoddard
objected and a discussion followed
which has ended In him presenting his
resignation.
fiancee Comes of Splendid
Family and Brother Is
in Government Service
Efforts of the State Offi
cials to Curtail Perquisites
Causes a Bitter Contest
MAKBIAGE IN JUNE
HAED FIGHT OVEK FEES
Isaac T. Stoddard, Secretary
of Arizona Territory, TVill
Step Out on April 1
General Grant's Grandson
Goes to France to Claim
Paris Belle as a Bride
SART0RIS WILL
WED A BEAUTY
ESCAPES CHARGE
BY RESIGNING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. MARCH. 5,; 1904.
WELL-KNOWN NEWSPAPER MAN HAS NARROW ESCAPE
FROM DEATH AT HANDS OF A CORNERED BURGLAR
5
ADVERTISEMENTS^ %^_~~~~~~-~~«-~-
Harold Bauer
— — ZZZZZZZZZZ— AND THE
Blj^zpill Those who have heard the
ISJffppiipl^ great pianist can. at best, re-
1 1 tain only an imperfect recol-
,„ „ m , , lection of his wonderful art.
I consider the Pianola is supe- %~."
rlor in every way to all other g U t the OWHCr Of a METKO"
pianoforte-players and am con- rtm __ __ . _,. _
vinced that no instrument can STYLE PIANOLA Can T6-
be considered complete unless # .
quipped with the Metrostyle. produce Eaaer'S interpret a-
One Is amazed to find how close- *•. . , ,, _ . , *, »•
ly It H possible for an aWuf tlOn Wltll all (H ltS SUOtletlCS
novice to approach the lnterpre- , ... -»."• '. ¦ • -, .. »
tations of a sreat artist by means and delicate gKldatlOnS Of CX-
of this invention. . • w
. HAROLD BAUER. pi'eSSlOIl. *
Bauer has himself im-
parted to the rolls of music a detailed guide in tempo
and phrasing. So simple is the operation of the Metro-
style that even an absolute novice in music can obtain
the effects that characterize the rendition of the
master.
But the guide is not arbitrary and the player may
at any moment infuse as much of his own individu-
ality into the composition as he chooses. Thus the
Metrostyle Pianola becomes an instrument of the most
absorbing interest as well as the highest' artistic im-
portance. ¦ -. ¦ ; -. ,
You Are Cordially Invited to Hear and Play the New Metrostyle Pianola
KOHLER & CHASE
Established 1850
SOLE AGENTS- post and kearny sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IQHREVE&CO.I
The
•advantages of a complete equii>-
ment in the work-rooms of
Shreve & Co.'s Stationery De-
partment are available for the
prompt and intelligent execu-
tion of orders for Wedding
Stationery, Visiting and Recep-
tion Cards, and the Stamping of
Correspondence Papers.
POST & MARKET STS.
*..OAKLAND,;. March 4.— Notice of
motion -forj a new trial in the case of
Jane ; Clough against the , Spring Val
ley Company was filed with the
County . Clerk to-day. A decision was
recently given against the water.com
pany.
neighbors -have bobbed up to tell about
the, things .'they ; have lost lately from
their me^itsafe3. City Clerk Clarence
Merrill, whose house.; is .'directly back
of Boeddiker's, lost two dozen chickens
arid half a tori'" of coal.^' -'• The chickens
disappeared r with such'; regularity.. and
the coa£ too/ that Mr.' -Merrill put pad
locks .1 oh I his 'hencoop -ami Vcbalbin A to
8a ve """ himself '• from (^bankruptcy.
Thomas F. Graber, another/neighbor,
lost ' )ast ) Sunday's v t dlnner/l; the thief
havjng; robbed | the meatsaf e on 8atiir
'da^^.nlihf.T.p ; iir8.*-^'feakerV ; ;,'..;* another
neightibiv '" went ; without bread ".'-' and
milk on Sunday because of , this thief,
and Mrsr Hews, her friend! took her
coffee? black', on the ; Sabbath for the
same reason v , There are other, losers,
but 'they "have" not .'"com-'
plaints yet with the 'Town Marshal.
Tributes * for the Dead.
OAKLAND, March 4. — There were
many tender tributes pai/I to the dead
at the funeral of Mrs. Amelia Bartlett,
wife of /William C. Bartlett, which was
held to-day from the residence of the
family, 477 Prospect t street. Mrs.
Bartlett was , well known . in Oakland
aside from" the reputation of her hus
band; who for years was editor of the
San. Francisco. Bulletin 'and later of
the Oakland Tribune. \ Rev. J. K. Mc-
Lean: conducted the services and told
of the life and virtues of the de
ceased. The pall bearers were: Mayor
Warren Olney, Warring Wilkinson, Z.
T. Gllpin and James W. Cox.
BreedciYs Casef* Set.
OAKLAND, March 4.— The prelim
inary, examination of Walter Breeden,
charged with embezzling $250 while
secretary, of Court : "Knaresborough,
Ancient Order of Foresters, has been
set for -March. 10 in the 'police Court,
before' Judge Mortimer) Smith.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 4.
The charge against T. C. Lane of
having threatened the life of Assist
ant Superintendent A. W. Baker at
the offices of the Southern Pacific
Company in the Oakland mole was
dismissed to-day. Lane is ' the one
armed brakeman that took a violent
method of gaining redress for a fan
cied wrong. A brother-in-law of
Lane arrived from Cheyenne last
evening and has agreed to take Lane
with him and give him employment.
-The matter came up to-day before
Justice of the Peace George Samuels
sitting for Justice Quinn. -Baker took
the' stand 'and told how Lane had gone
to the mole and asked to see Division
Superintendent Palmer. Palmer was
absent and Lane accosted Baker. Ba
ker told Lane he had no time to talk
to him. Baker was then held up at
the point of a pistol while Lane called
him all the names he could think of.
Pistrict Attorney Allen stated to
Judge Samuels that Lane was under
the influence of liquor at the time of
the incident and imagined he had not
been/given all. the pay that was due
him. Mr. Allen believed that the ends
of justice would be served if Lane
were ' allowed to go with his relative
to Cheyenne. Upon this motion the
charge was dismissed. . ,
Judge Hall in dismissing the charge
took occasion to say to Nathan that he
believed him guilty and warned him
that if such a verdict had been arrived
at the least punishment he would have
given him was three years in prison.
The Judge agreed with the District
Attorney in the belief that a jury
(vould not convict, owing to the repu
tation of the wife.
OAKLAND, March 4. — After two
trials and believing that it was im
possible to secure u verdict of guilty.
District Attorney Allen made a motion
Ihip morning to dismiss the charge
sgralnst Louis Nathan, a young man,
t harmed with having: placed his wife in
a house of Sll-repute.
Judge and District Attorney Believe
It Hopeless to Attempt to Get
Jury to Convict.
CHARGE AGAIXST LOUIS
XATI1AX IS DISMISSED
Under the management of the ladies of the
First Baptist Church the "KrossRoads Skule"
will be pnsfcntfcd in Armory Hall next Tues^
day evening. A. P. Smiley will appear in the
role of Mr. Zelotus Whackem, the schoolmas
ter: -
Frank Whalley has i returned from a trip
to Mexico, where he ; Inspected several mines.
He will leave t<oon for Alaska to look after the
IiropeTtlee there in which he Is Interested.
Miss . MargarethA Hildebrandt and James J.
Nelson were married l«ist evening at the 'home
of the bride's mother, 1023 Morton street: Rev
J. H. Wltte of the German Lutheran Church
officiated. MIm Emllle Kelson was maid of
honor. . Mit-s Millie Utschlg flower girl and
Benjamin ?Btt!e best man. I The I bride'* dress
was of white chiffon over silk and she wore a
veil of white. • tulle, . fastened with orange
blcEsoms. - \~ -
ALAMEDA. March 4.— Miss Teranla Kurtz,
at one time a teacher In the local School De
partment, but . now a resident of Sacramento,
was given a dinner to-day by her former as
sociates at the Lor.gfellow School. Miss Kurtz
will depart. soon for an extensive tour of the
East. •
Judge .Tames G. Qulnn and bis bride have
returned from their j honeymoon trip.
' Mr. and Mrs. Philip H. Sanlro will receive
their friend* on Sunday, March 13. from 2 to
5 o'clock, st «C4 Sixth street. Oakland.
'.Misn Mabel Thayer Gray, .president of Ebell,
is able to be out once more and though 'her
prolonged illnees has : left her but a. pale
edition of her former self is elowly regalnliis
streiirth.-.-, . --, . ' ';'.:¦¦ '.' •¦ i
Mr. and Mr*. William MoBaln entertained
a few friends quite informally laM night at
their home on Twenty-first f treet. Several
cemre of whist were enjoyed, two very pretty
prizes belnsr won by Mr. and Mrs. Da Rofe.
The: consolation prize vvas awarded to Miss
Tcna Kobler. ¦ Among thofe prcnent were Mr.
and ] Mr*. Da' Rose, .MIk; Mamie r>u Ros?,
Mifsrs llao and Tena ' Kohler and. Fred le
Balllster. . ,>
Mrs- Fred Dorsax was the hostess at the
regular meeting of the Harmony Whist Club
tf-day and her pleaoant hospitality add"d con
siderably to the afternoon's enjoyment. The
priseg were f.'On bv Mrs. Chad wick and Mm.
Whltehead. Mrs. Whitehead and Mrs. Shank
land were the club's guests to-day. The next
meeting -of the club v.-lll be at Mrs. Milton"*.
on San 1'ablo aveiwe. ' • . . .
The other solcirts were Mrs. M. E. Blanrhard
and Erne?t McCandllPh, and both received
inort flattering applause. Mr. McCandllfh, in
fact, being given a perfect ovation.
The Orpheus Club concert last night flU?d
the Macdoncugh Theater irom the front row
in the orchestra to ths very last row In ths
gallery and the large audience seemed to enjoy
every numb?r. Several of the choral numbers
were encored, the "Winter Song" — which was
Fung at t':ie laet concert and which was re
peated, by request last night — being, especially
good.
John C. Waiting's "Tubal Cain" was one of
the best thinss on the programme, both In a
musical | R'ay and in its rendition. - Harry
I'erry was 'he soloist In It nnd was never
In better voice.
OAKLAND, March 4. — One of the numerous
500 clubs was entertained this afternoon by ih*
Missfs Gorrill at their home on Prospect
Heights. Among their guests were Miss Eliz
abeth Gray, Mis« Eva Powell. MIfs Helen
Powell, Mrs Dudley Kinsell, Miss Geraldlne
Scui'ham. Mr?. C. D. Oilman, Miss Wilheimina
Koerig. Miss Evelyn Craig. Miss Kinsell, Mias
Beatrice Vanderbursh. Miss Ida Larkey, Mis*
Edith Larkey, Mrs. H. S. Robinson and Miss
Lillian Moller.
- HUNTINGTON. W. Va. t March 4— The
miner* at the East Lynn mines on » the '. East
Lynn branch of tha Norfolk and Western Rail
road an ea a strata. '.fSESfi
Charge- Against Brakeman
That 'Threatened Southern
Pa cific Official Dismissed
LINE ESCAPES
PROSECUTION
EVENTS IN. SOCIETY
UNIVERSITY .EVENTS
BERKELEY. March . 4.— The Carnegie In
stitute of Washington has distinguished Pro
fessor Percival Lewis of the physics department
by making an appropriation of $300 for his
use In conducting some original research work
with spectra gases and metallic vapors. Th<j
results he Is expected to achieve will have an
Import&nt bearing on all astronomical prob
lems. Professor Lewis will use the money
granted him to purchase a number of very
large quartz prisms and lenses not now In
th»- possession of the university.
The sophomore class met In North Hall this
morning and nominated officers -for the '06
Blue and Gold. The following named w?re
nominated fbr editor: Jackson Gregory. Carl
B. Glascock. Harry L. Stoddard and Olln M.
Beyle. Stoddard is a graduate of the Santa
Barbara High School, a member of the sta.f
of the Dally Californian and prominent in the
Young Men's Christian Association: Gregory
Is a graduate of the Salinas High School, as
sociate editor of the Occident and University
Magazine and a member of the English Club;
Hellman's academic days were spent In the
Lowell High* School. " be having been editor
of The Lowell periodical; Boyle is a graduate
of Lowell also, and -has served on all the col
lege publications. . Prentlss Gray was the only
sophomore nominated for business manager
the honor, having been declined by W r d*
Leon, W. E. Andrews and E. a Rust. Gray
is a graduate of the Oakland High School
where he wa« . manager of The Aegla The
ejection will be held next Friday, March 11
Mrs. Cheney, appointment secretary u "in
receipt of a cablegram from th« Japanese Gov
ernment requesting her to recommend teachers
lit English for the Government high schools
of the country.- The salary for these positions
will b« $900 a year. . .
The Gle«" Club will sins at the Greek The
ater Sunday afternoon; beginning at 4 o'clock,
when the following programme will be ren
dered: "Absent"., (Metcalf-Tynes), "Mater
Aurea" (Gluck-Stewart). "Doleurs,"' "Rev
eries" (Storch). "Lonely" (Spicket). vocal solo
(selected). "Serenade" (Schubert)., "A Mad
rical" (Stewart). .
Another Overdue Arrives.
The French ship David d' Angers arrived yes
to-day at Fayal. 106 days out from Iqulqae.
She. was quoted for reinsurance at 10 per cent.
The T-eodor remains at SO, and the W. F.
Balcock a*. 15 per cent.
- Harriet E. and Joseph. D. Cuthbert to Prank
Toussau and Romaln Junca. Jot on N line of
Enclnal avenue. ftO E of Versailles. E 81 r4*,,
N 148-.2H.-W 7O-.1OV4 to point SO B of Ver
sailles avenue, S lW:BJ t , Alameda; |XQ,
National Horn* and Loan Association to John
J. Ormsby, lot on E line of Chapin street 6O
S ot Pacific avenue. 8 50 by E 15, being 3
half of lot 14 to 18. block 2, map Chapla
¦treet. Alameda: $10. - .c- v
Matbias and Ellen O. Hansen t» State Sav
ings Bank, lot on W line of Spruce street, 150
S of Rose. S 30 by W 131:7, portion of lot 5,
black 2. T. M. Antisell map Villa Lots. Berke
ley: $10. ¦¦ - - -
George F. and Mary M. Barkar (by J. ' L.
Barker, their attorney) to Mary E. Lux (wife
of Louis A.), lot on S line of Haste street. U>
W of Mllvla. W 50 by S 1S5. lot 3. block «.
amended map blocks 3 and 6. Barker Tract.
Berkeley; $100.
Berry- Bangs Land Company (a corporation)
to B. F. Beans, lot on W line of Colleg* ave
nue. 100 £ of Stuart street. S 50 by "W 14S. lot
3, block J. Berry- Bangs Tract, map No. 2.
Berkeley, deed and agreement; $10.
R. L. and Hattle B. Colwell to George G.
Macklnnon. lot en N Una of EfBe street. 230
W of Calais. W 100 by N 132 :«. lots 33 to IX,
block 34. map resubdivlslon of Smith'* subdi
vision of Mat hews Tract, Berkeley; $10.
George G. Macktnnon (single) to Neal J. Me-
Keon. lots 37 and :js. bUvk ",;\, map resubdi
vision of same, Berkeley: $10.
Frederick O. and Je?sie G. Hurt to Annie
E. and H. M. W. Edmonds, lot 4, block. E.
map No. .3 Hillegass Tract, Berkeley; $10O. ¦
Berry-fiangs Land Company (.•» corporation)
to W. C. Wlester, lot on E line of Regent
street. 2C0 S of Stuart, S 30, right E 14*. let
IS, block H. Berry-Bangs Tract. Berkeley.
deed and agreement; $10. - >
Linie VVhidilrn (widow) to George Omer. lot
on NW line of Locfcsley avenue. ICO NE-ot
Summer street. N"W 10O by NE .V». lot 24.
Locksley Square Tract. Oakland; $373.
Fidelity and Deposit of Maryland to Wai
ter and Annie G. Morgan. ftOS D 302, lot -48.
block F, map No. 2. Linda Vista Terrace, re
conveyed deed. Oakland; $1.
Louis and Km it la Slegriest to Eusenio and
Lulsa Brigwardello, lot on W line of Tele
graph avenue. 12D.C5 N frcm S line of plat
49, said point of beginning being also Inter
section of caid line of said avenue with S
boundary line of land conveyed to Paaqualo
Bruno. »!>5 D e3, thence SW 100.03. SW 54.C8,
NW 129.S*5 along line of land, estate of S.
E. Alden. to intersection with line running
NW from point of beginning, betns S boun
dary line of land conveyed to said Bruno,
thence SE to beginning, portion estate Vicente
Peralta in Oakland. Oakland; $10.
Georgft and Carrie R. Sterling to Realty
Syndicate (corporation), lot on N corner of
Howe and Amethyst (or Fortieth) streets. NW
153. NE 130, SE 33. SW 110. SE 123. SW 4t>.
lots 1 and 17 and SW 10 feet of lot 2. block
D. mas of Thermal Hill (formerly Howa
Tract), Oakland; $10.
S. J. and Eldrie Johnson to Grace Drennon.
lot en" S line of Mead avenue. COO W of fan
Pablo, W 40 by S 127:7. lot 41 and E 13 feet of
lot 4. map of Mead Park. Oakland; 410.
Thomas F. and Mary N. Rayon to G.. XV".
McKeand, lot on E line of Filbert street. 107:8
8 of Twenty-fourth. S 26 by E 123. portion
cf lot 8, block 1. map of survey of N Exten
sion. Oakland; $3.
Engebreth and Olette Peder*en (Guttorm
sen) to Elizabeth J. Wood, lot beginning at
SE corner of lot 6. block A, thence along line
dividing lots 6 and 7, SE 93, NE 27:«, NW
94, SW 27:6, map of lots of Oakland View
Homestead Association. Oakland: $10. ' ¦
Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to George
E. Pratt, lot on J?E corner of University av*«
nue and California street. E 150 by S 1:18.
lots D. E and F. corrected map of range 12.
Hardy Tract. Berkeley ; $10.
George and Carry R. Sterling to Realty Syn
dicate (a coporation), lot on NE corner of Ad
dition and California streets. N 13S by E 100,
lets A and V. same map, Berkeley; $100.
« Reafty Syndicate Ccmpany (a corporation) to
George E. Pratt, same: $10.
Amanda M. Carroll (wife of George W.) and
G. W. Carroll to Miles Standish (single). lot
ort E line of Campbell street. 20 S of Taylor,
S 25 by E 100. portion lota 14 and 15, block
69*. Oakland; $10.
Home Security Loan Society (Home 3«curtty.
Building and Loan Association) to. John
O'Neill, lot on W line of Center street. 17O N
of Folsom. N 40 by W 135.73. lot 41 and S 13
feet of lot 40, map block 18,. Curtis -Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
B. A. Armstrong to Mary Armstrong (wife),
lot on NW corner of Twenty-eighth and Myr
tle streets. W 40 by N 100. portion lots 13 and
14 block B, Golden Gate Homestead, Oakland;
gift.
Carl and Christine Jeachion to Ed want
Stokes, lot on E line of HoOla street. ."UiO X
of R.N 50 by E 125, subdivisions A and B
of lot 4 block £01, map Xo. 2, Watts Tract,
Oakland; flft
Geortre T. and Adeline S. Hawley to Sophia
Clark (wife of Charles D.). lot 14. map Salis
bury and . Campbell'* resubrtiviaion ©i -Moc<
A Oakland Heishts Tract. Oakland: $1O.
H. O. Chllds (single) to Loui3 S«lby. *ot ; on
NW corner of Nineteenth and West »tre«ts.
W too by N 100, lot* 0 and 10. block P, rnap
Barnes Tract. Oakland; 510.
J B. Campbell (femme »ote> to Thomas F.
Dyer, lot on N'E line of Lee street. tto:0M SK
of Adamf»_ N'E 151.2O. SE W..SW 14.1.37. XW
63.27. lot"4, block 5. map subdivision No. I
of Adams Point property. Oakland: $10.
Margaret Daly (widow> to James Gleason
(single), lot on N line of Stanley street. SSKi.flO
E of Grove. E 50.C4. N 13TJ.95. W-50.C2. S
132.«>. lot 12, block 4, map McKee Tract. In
plat 4«, V. & D. Peralta Rancho, Oakland; |i<>.
Francis and Sarah • A. Cuttins to Cutting
Packing Company lot on K line Dt Adeline
street. 10O S of Fifth, E 254 by 1 50. OaU
land: STO.
• JVI. J. Keller Company (corporation tn
GeorBe Sterling, lot on NE corner of Linden
and Forty-sixth streets, E 13O by N 239k Oak
land; ?10.
Ellen Keller (wife of M. J.) to game. lame.
Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10.
George and Carrie It. Sterling: to Realty
Syndicate (corporation), lot on E line of Lin
den street, 1(i'J N of Grant or Forty-first, an
per map Mulllkin Tract, thence E along N
boundary of said tract. 10O from and parallel
with gald N line of Grant or Forty-first street,
and t&7.&> to W boundary line estate of John
Evoy, in plat 3«, etc., thence N :;fi.aii to point
1C«> S from and at right angle to S line of
Forty-second, etc., W parallel with S line cf
Fortj'-gecond, distant at right angle l'X> there
in in. 0S7.5S S ;SJ»;3, portion plats 30 and 02
of V. and D. Peralta. Oakland, qultelain* deed;
|io.
George E. and Ada It. Pratt to Georue
Sterling, lot at Intersection of \V Una of Uni
versity or College avenue with SB line of
Second avenue. 3 198.1*4 to center Temescal
Creek. SW 195.;J6 to Intersection with 6E Hn«
of Second avenue, NG 30&32 to beginning por
tion block T, lying N of center line. of Temescal
Creek, map Vernon Park. Oakland; tlO.
Gcorse and Carrie It. Sterling to Realty
Syndicate (corporation), same, Oakland: $lt>.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda. County.
KRIDAT. MARCH 4.
STATE DEMANDS
MORE DRAINAGE
Professor Elwood Mead Says
Adequate System Would Be
of Value to 'California
Berkeley Office San Francesco Call.
; 2148 Center street, March 4.
That the agricultural industry of
California will b3 vastly benefited if
the State is provided with an adequate
drainage system Is the belief of Pro
fessor Elwood Mead, professor of the
institutions and practice of irrigation
at the University of California. Pro
fessor Mead has just returned to Cali
fornia after a fifteen months' absence,
during which lie studied the irrigation
and drainage systems of Europe arid
the United States, and his observation
in regard to the need3 of California is
based upon his investigations else
where. In this regard he said to-day:
I am . convince d from what I. saw in Cali
fornia and elsewhere that the State la in
need of a complete drainage system. The
State has- great natural advantages, but nature
will have to be assisted, by the work of man.
I think that the work could be very well be
gun nnd profitably in the Sacramento Valley,
by whose, river . I have Just . come from the
upper country 1 . A system of drainage there
would be -'of Inestimable advantage to the
fatmers.and preserve them against the annual
losses they have to suffer.
While abroad I spent considerable time
«tudying the irrigation methods in use in the
valley. of the Po in Italy. I had expected to
find a country very like California In climate
and productions, but instead found that It
much more renembles the Mississippi Valley
in respect to the crops grown. There Is net
that diversity of fruits and cereals grown there
that there in in this State, nor Is the land
necrly so rroductlve. - • .
I. feel now, more than ever, that California
has a great future as an agricultural State.
.The irrlRdtlon development pi Northern Call
fornl& ltfrceruTn 3 ia.'tttake ' groat/ rfrosress dur
ing the. wxti.VfpW yinvt- The Department of
AericuUir* is.KcttlriK li^tfr methods for using
wstcr* and 'stopvlns-.l.faltage* In canals.
•Professor Mead will give a course in
Irrigation methods to the studentsTof
the; 'Agricultural College that will oc
cupy the rest of the 'term and at the
saine.:tiir.e he will confer' with the ir
rigation experts of the State to deter
mine, upon the procedure to be fol
lowed in .several {big; undertakings
about to ¦ be' launched by' the Depart
ment of AsTlculture.vT ; J **• '*••_¦
BERKELEY, March 4. — Caught in
the act of walking off with twenty-six
pounds of Friday's fish that didn't be
long to him, George C. Boeddiker, un
til lately a watchman at the univer
sity and more recently a student
boarding-house keeper, was arrested
on a charge of petty larceny early this
morning by Deputy Marshal George
Thompson.
In Boeddiker the local police think
they have captured the man who has
aroused to anger more housewives
than any other man in Berkeley. In
him they see the author of all the re
cent petty thefts of meats and vege
tables and- chickens and butter Vind
egjjB form kitchen meatsafes and back
door stoopp.
The whole town has suffered from
these nighttime depredations. Noth
ing left out of doors has been safe for
the last three months. Chickens that
were sent to roost at twilight disap
peared by morning. If the baker, the
butcher or candlestick-maker left any
of his wares at the rear door It was
walked off with while the family slept.
Even the pints and quarts of milk the
milkman deposited went the way of
the others.
And now the police claim to have
discovered another thing— rthat the
tetuff all went to stock a student board
ing-house. They have ascertained
that the boarders, of whom there are
four, -who lived at Boeddiker's place. at
2011 Bancroft way lived, on the fat of
the land. Chicken/ was served three
times a day and sometimes oftener.
The choicest cuts of meat they always
had and fish was served regularly on
Fridays.
One of these boarders is Walter
Jannoy, who looks as if the boardhad
certainly^agreed.Miith ,him v Be sayj^
tie* had no ' idea * r Vhat - "lie "'was "eating
other pebple's.thlngs and ordered fr.om
the menu without feeling any qualms
of conscience. v / ." .
"We often had chicken at the table,"
he said. "In fact, we had it so often I
gotrather tired of it. Other thing3
we had in proportion and I always
went away satisfied. I will be rather
sorry, to miss the good things."'
The" other boarders are J. Robert
Hubbard, J. A. Riedler and H. E.
Gruenwalder, all of whom express re
gret at their landlord's plight. :
Boeddikef, it seems,, has been sus
pected .of : , the doorstep "thefts 'for a
long time. " Deptuy, Marshal Thompson
noticed him around town . last ' night
"and set a "watch upon him; Some
time after midnight he saw* the man 1
go to Fishers market on Shattuck ave^,
nue and take a lot of fish out of a box
standing In front of the place.' The
fish he put. into a sack and started to
walk off.
"As poon as Boeddiker saw that'll,
.was after him," the officer said to
day, "he threw the sack Into the street
and walked rapidly down Shattuck
ayenue. I thought he would try: to
escape by running, -but .he did -not,
and I soon 'overtook- him. -I ; have- no
doubt h~e is the man who has "* been
robbing people ¦ around here lately." '.i
Boeddiker protests his . Innocence,
saying his arrest, is -the. result of a mis
understanding and '* an . ,' .officer's > ; mis*
taken zeal. At ) the : County : .Jail,;?' to
which he was taken upon failing* to'
give $300 cash ball,,he said: ¦•- •*;>: £3",*
"I was on my way 'to West Berkeley'
to buy some whisky, for. my « wife* who
is ill. arrest is 8imply> a, mistake
that wfrl "be easily rectified."
Since Boeddiker's arrest many of his
MISMATED COUPLES TAKE
TROUBLES INTO COURT
Kirkic L. Kequa and Pearl F. Eu
banks Gain Freedom — -Others
Attempt to Find Peace.
OAKLAND. March 4. — Judge Og
den to-day granted a» divorce to Mrs.
Kirke L. Reoua from Daniel L. Re
qua of Los Angeles on the ground of
desertion. They were married several
years ago and removed to the southern
city, where she says her husband left
her.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day
by Francis L. Locke against Phoebe
A. Locke on the ground of cruelty.
The case was transferred from Butte
County, where the pair are well
known citizens of Marysville. The de
fendant is at present residing -in this
city. i ,-; -r
William H. Hushes instituted di
vorce proceedings against Jessie M.
Hughes on the ground of desertion.
They live in Alameda and have two
children.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day
by Carrie Tansy against E. T. Tansy
on the ground of failure to provide.
He is a printer employed in San Fran
cisco.
A decree of divorce was granted
Pearl F. Eubanks to-day from John
W. Eubanks by Judge Ogden. She
was allowed to resume her maiden
name, Jenkins.
Preacher's Death Accidental.
OAKLAND, March 4. — A Coroner's
Jury this evening , returned a verdict
of "unavoidable accident" in the case
of the Rev. William T. Beale. who was
struck by a team at Twenty-first street
and San Pablo avenue and died from
shock.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
/ 1118 Broadway, March 4'.
For hours to-day aged Frederick
Page, pistols in hand, sat barricaded
in his room at 308 San Pablo avenue,
defiant of the civil officers who were
trying- to serve a summons In a divorce
suit brought by his pretty yourfg bride,
who was Alma N. Schmltt until Janu
ary 6. Threatening to kill the first per
son that should attempt to enter the
apartment, the -angry husband held the
fort against all comers until the assist
ance "of the police was invoked this
evening through the issuance of a war
rant for Page's arrest. The complain
ant was Mrs. Page, who swore that
her spouse had threatened to kill her.
Armed with the warrant, Detectives
Quigley and Shc-rcy, flanked by Dep
uty, Sheriff Jeff Scanlan, who bore the
divorce summons, repaired to the Page
domicile. Warned that they might, ex
pect a deadly encounter, the officers
very stealthily-approached the room.
They tried the door, no response; then
with skeleton keys they gained en
trance, only to awaken the old man
from a sound slumber into which ' he
had fallen, after his arduous vigil dur
ing the day.
"What do you want?" demanded
Page.
"You; we have a warrant for your
arrest," answered the detectives.
"And here is a summons in a suit for
divorce," added Scanlan.
"Did my wife do this?" queried Page,
as he got himself together and started
off to jail.
"Well," he continued, "that's what
an old man gets for marrying a young
wife."
In default of 15000 bonds Page was
detained at the City Prison.
Page claims to be a mining man.
He said he was 52 years old, but his
appearance adds ten years easily to
that half-century mark.
There is romance In the marriage
story. Pretty Mrs. Page was an at
tendant at Ziegler's delicatessen shop
on Seventeenth street and Telegraph
avenue when she first attracted the
old man's attention. He found it con
venient to drop into the shop and
chat" with the buxom saleswoman.
And he talked about wealth and gain
ed the girl's confidence. On January 6
they were married and occupied apart
ments at 308 San Pablo avenue.^
It; was not long before the 1 young
bride had some of her illusions rudely
dispelled. Her husband told her to
day that he was threatened by a beau
tiful widow with a breach of promise
suit. This and numerous alleged acts
of cruelty are recited in- the divorce
complaint, which was prepared and
filed this afternoon. Mrs. Page had
warned her spouse of the notion she
intended to take, hence the old man's
preparations to withstand a possible
siege. But Morpheus won him from
Mars and the prosaic policeman cap
tured the sleeping husband.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call;
1118 Broadway, March 4.^
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion is going to close up on May 1, be
cause it can no longer . remain In Its
present quarters. Until the new build
ing is erected, the association will con
duct no active work.
Some "time ' ago the association sold
its present building to Charles Jurgens
and took a lease, which expires May li
Mr. Jurgens has Increased the rent of
the building'- and the association has
docided to stop work, and has sent out
the folio wing, notice to "members:
Dear Sir: , In Ma>\ 1003. the association
building was sold and has since been rented;
the present lease, however, '. expires - May 1,
1004, and the future rental is to be Increased
to what Is considered a prohibitive figure for
the association. After a careful review of the
situation the boards of trustees and directors
have reached the determination to close the
active work in the various departments and
to vacate the building upon the expiration of
the present lease. Those holding memberships
in the association will be entitled to unex
pired membership privileges in the new build
ing to be erected at the corner of Fourteenth
and Jefferson streets. The associations at To
ledo Salt Lake, Denver and other points are
hevi'ng experiences similar to our own, durlnK
the erection of their new buildings. It id
hoped that ground may be broken for our own
new building in the early summer. Thanklns
you for your co-operation In the past and with
confidence In your loyalty for the future, we
remain yours very truly,
' D EDWARD COLLINS. President.
W. A. KLING. Secretary.
Tfte Young Men's Christian Associa
tion has several important events "to
announce: -The association orchestra
will repeat some of the music on Sun
day at the regular mfcn's "meeting. In
addition to the music by the orchestra,
the association, male, quartet will
sing two selections, and Ralph T.
Fisher will stng a barytone solo.
Stuart W. Booth, editor of the Oakland
Times, will deliver an address on "The
Needless Fears of Youn? Men." This
will deal with the obstacles and djfti
culties which young men set up in
their pathways. This ' meeting is fcr
men only, at the association hall, 2:30
p. m.' :
The Open Parliament Club will dis
cuss the* question "Is the Golden Rule
Compatible With Business Success?"
at its next meeting on Saturday even
ing at 8 o'clock at the Young Men's
Christian Association. It is expected
that several successful business men
will bV on hand to give their own ex
periences in their endeavor to adjust
the administration of their business to
the '"requirements'' of the golden rule.
The sessions of the Open Parliament
Club are open to all ir.sn.
Owing to the fact that Miss Clara
Morris, who was to lecture on the Star
course of the Young Men's Christian
Association, has been obliged to cancel
her date on account of serious illness,
arrangements have been made to give
a concert by local talent on Monday
evening, March 7, in the association
hall, at 8:15 o'clock.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 4.
Every meat market in this city was
open and doing business to-day, de
spite the lockout of the Butchers'
Union. In the non-union shops, which
number all but four markets, the em
ployers were hard at work with such
help as they have been able to pick up
since yesterday morning. 'The quartet
of union shops were also busy and the
proprietors who have declined to joip
the bosses' association say they can
hold out and supply their customers.
The employers have framed plans
for a campaign of Indefinite length, and
one of their first moves was to send
delegations of bosses to work at Fred
Becker's big markets on Washington
street and on Thirteenth street, which
has apparently been selected as the
storm center of the contest. Here were
a dozen employers working behind the
blocks alongside of non-union men who
had been given the places of the
locked-out union butchers. This plan
of assisting Becker will be continued,
each member of the Employers' Asso
ciation taking his turn. The same sys
tem will be followed in all other shops
where considerable assistance • may b"e
required pending a settlement of the
difficulty.
In the smaller shops, where the em
ployers do much of the cutting, the
pressure from the lock-out is not so
severely felt. Many of them have been
compelled to stop delivering meat, but
they say the people will be forced to
go to the shops for a time and carry
home their orders themselves.
On neither side was there a new
phase of the struggle. . Possibilities arc
discussed as to the injection of outside
unions in the affair. About the labor
headquarters rumor was current that
the restaurants and hotels might be
affected by a sympathetic strike of
cooks and waiters. At this time none
of the union representatives are -will
ing to commit themselves on this sub
'ject.
From the Batchers' Union to-day
was. given out a statement by J. E.
McGovern, the, business agent, that the
union wag prepared to make a long
fight and would be given all of the as
sistance it required, both financially
and morally. McGovern added:
This is a flsht to save the Integrity of the
union. The employers have tfaid lh*y would
hot recognize the union and they' have- locked
out their men because they have stood by the
union. We are not really able to say what
form our efforts to win will take. I feel 'sat
isfied we can w'n.
On the other hand, Fred Becker said
The employers have organized with a deter
mination to t*ttlefor good whether we shall
be permitted to carry on our own businesses
as we think is best. We will not sign any
agreement with the union. That is final. The
men can be members of all the unions they
want to. but when they do business with us
It must be as Individuals. This talk about
wages and hours Is nonsense. I am paying:
the union rates, and so Is nearly every other
butcher. ,
.Both the wholesalers and retailers
declare that there will be no meat fam
ine. Irving C. Lewis of Grayson-Owen
Company said that the public would
be supplied even If the retailers were
compelled to close their shops. The
tenor of comment on the subject from
the employers' side was to indicate
that the possible contingencies of the
struggle had been carefully studied and
would be met.
• The union shops claim to have suffi
cient, supplies to run them through un
til Monday. The proprietors assert
their ability to get meat no matter
what action may be taken by the
wholesalers. Robert Vincent, one of
the union shopkeepers, insisted that he
could keep his stock up from several
sources if the ordinary -supply should
fall.
Among the locked out butchers Is
former Mayor John L. Davle. Davie
Joined the union before he went back
to the meat block, his old trade, and
was among. the employes at Becker's
that went out.
The. San Francisco Butchers' Board
of Trade, through its secretary, John
M. Gilbert, declares. that the organiza
tion is not in any way interested in the
Oakland trouble.
North Berkeley Improvement Club
Authorizes Its President to Appoint
a Campaign Committee.
BERKELEY, March 4. — The North
Berkeley Improvement Club took the
first steps toward advertising the pro
posed, bond issue last night when it
authorized Victor Robinson, the presi
dent, to appoint a committee of three
to arrange for a series of meetings, in
North Berkeley.
. Besides arranging for these meet
ings the committee will seek to interest
the other improvement clubs in the
city in the bond* and prevail upon
them to use their influence in favor
of them. Addresses were made by E.
B. Newton, Lto Hampton; F. W- Rich
ardson, editor of the Gazette; J. M.
Doyle. A. L. Ott and others, advising
that the bonds are needed.
Youthful and Comely Wife
Outwits Her Husband and
Gets Him Into City Jail
Employers 'Reiterate That
They Will Not Deal With
Butchers' Union as Such
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 4.
J. R. Talbott, a notorious bunko
man, was sentenced to six years at
Folsom State prison to-day for steal
ing $100 from Jamen Morrison and his
wife, an innocent old couple whom he
persuaded Into lending tfim the
money under the pretense that • he
krr»w their son. whom they were on
their way to visit in Orange County.
In •giving' Judgment, • Judgre Hall, ad
rir"ssinsr himself to the prisoner,. said:
"I have little to say to you. -I believe
you are a man who lives by his \vJtK
Aided by a confederate you swindled
a;i old couple out of their money. So
cioty is entitled to protection from
such men and it is the judgntent of
this court that you be confined in the
State's prison at Folsom for the period
tft Kix vears."
Talbott i" known as a crook on
both sides of the bay. He was arrest
ed by Detective Tom Ryan of the San
Francisco Police Department for a
(similar offense some months ago and
has been shown up to the watches
thece. The railroad detectives have
had him under surveillance for some
time pa^t and state that he has made
a practice of traveling up and down
on the overland trains between the
Oakland mole and Port Costa for the
jjross^euiion of his profession.
- In an effort to influence the court
«n attempt was made this morning to
show that he was sick, but the hoped
for cemency did not materialize.
Plays on Credulity of James
Morrison and His Wife and
Borrows a Hundred Dollars
TAKES FIRST STEPS
TO ADVERTISE BOND:
Circular Announces the New
Move and Some of the
Plans, for the Future
ROBS AN AGED COUPLE
BOSSES ASSIST BECKER
POLICE AID IS GAINED
ACTIVE WORK TO CEASE
Organization to Close Its
Doors Until the New Build
ing. Can Be Constructed
Aged Man Threatens Death
to Process Servers With
Summons in Divorce Suit
J. K- Talbott, a Notorious
Criminal. Goes to Folsoin
Prison for Six i Years
Locked Out -Men Are Being
Supplanted' by Non-Union
Help When It Is at Hand
TURNS ROOMS
INTO A FORT
RENT RAISED
ON Y. M. C. A.
LITTLE MERCY
FOR BUNKO MAN
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
-\ , ¦ .¦¦ ¦..;. -.-¦¦ ¦ . ::-¦¦¦.:¦: < . . - - v : - .< \ " .»
, THE SAN FRANCISGO:aCALL," SATURDAY,; MARCH 5,. 1904
Authorities of the College Town Say That
Thrifty Student Boarding-House Keeper
Is the Mysterious Meat Safe Thief
BERKELEY POLICE CATCH
BOEDDIKER IN THE ACT
Appeal Clough Case.
MEAT MARKETS
ARE ALL OPEN
6
BERKELKY BOARDING-HOUSE
V KEEPER WHO IS ACCUSED OF
ROBBING MEAT SAFES.
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
A BAZ.S 5TEWSPAPEB MAIT.
—————
Grettlnr a Hew Crop ot Hair, ana Hm No
More Dandruff.
Everybody in the Northwest knows
Col. Daniel Searles. the veteran journal-
ist and publicist of Butte. Jan. 10. 1900.
the Colonel writes: "I used a couple of
bottle of Newbro's Jlerplcide with mar-
veloup results. The dandruff disap-
peared; a new crop of hair has taken
root, and tho bald spot is rapidly being
covered." Herpicide is the only hair
preparation that kills the dandruff germ
that digs up the scalp in scales as it
burrov.K its way to the root o.f the hair,
where it destroys the vitality of the hair,
causing the hair to fall out.. Kill the
dandruff serm -with Herplcide. Sold by
leading drugrgists. Send 10c in stamps
for srmple to The Herpiclde Co.. Detroit,
Mich.
FREEDENTISTRY
Artistic Gold Fillings
Painlessly inserted for cost of ma-
terial, ieeth cleaned and regulated
free. Natural looking artificial teeth
made to fit the most difficult cases.
All our work is guaranteed for 20
years. Using ihc purest, gold, our
fillings will not turn alack or fall
out.
U'vrk P«r«. ».«o 9;SnniJay«. 9 to I. <•*
•¦' PainUM Method «— Extraction Frte.
G raduate* . Only. Cleanlnr Fre«. '
Post-Graduate Dental College,
San Francisco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland— 973 Washington Street.
San Jo«e— 45 East Santa; Clara Street.-,
Sacramento— 407 J Street.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 11.
ALAMKDA.
1435 Park Street:
Telephone Eaffle 502.Will Go to St. Louis.
A meeting of the executive commit
tee of the California Pres3 Association,
composed of Interior editors, was held
irr the Occidental Hotel last night.
Plans for an excursion to the St. Louis
Exposition were discussed and a route
outlined. It is expected that about
seventy-five • members of the asspcia
tion will make the trip. The follow
ing delegates were elected to the con
vention of the National Association- of
Editors to meet at St. Louis: A. B.
Lemon of Santa Rosa. E. B. Willis of
Berkeley, R. H. Jury of San Mateo.
F.-.B. Mackinder of St. Helena. S. H.
Olmsted of; San Rafael and F. W.
Richardson of Berkeley.
POSTAL I'XIOX RATES
ESTABLISHED FOR CHIXA
Postmaster General Payne Explains
How Articles and Letters 3Iay
i Re Prepaiil to the Orient.
Postmaster Fisk has received the
following from Postmaster General
Payne: ¦
.Ordered — Modify my order No. 441, dated
April 30. 19«3, so as *o read as* follows: Tha
Classification, rates and conditions applicable
lo articles circulating in the domestic mails
of the United States shall apply equally to
articles mailed at the United States postal
agency at Shanghai, China, addressed for de
livery at any place tn the United States or its
island possessions.
. Also to articles mailed In the United Stateb
or its island ,pos*essions addressed for de
liver*- in Shanghai.. China, or In the cities in
<1dn* served throush the United Sfates postal
¦i;erxy at Shanghai: except that the Postal
tjiion postace rates and condition* shall be
applicable i to letter*, pcstal cards and printed
matter destined . for said cities oth»r than
Shanghai. vU. : Letters. 5 cents a half ounce
or fraction of half ounce; postal cards, single.
2 cents, double, 4 cents; printed matter of all
kinds. Including periodicals rrom i<ublieberti
for regular subscribers, 1 cent for each two
our-ces or fraction of two ounces. -<
Par's cables report that Russia has
arrived at a better understanding with
Great Britain as to th<* neutrality of the
latter in the war with Japan. This is
good news for the Russians, and now
you can with safety purchase one of the
new gas ranges from the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post street. •
Hebbard Reverses Dunn.
Judge Hebbard yesterday reversed
the' judgment of Justice of the Peace
Dunn in the suit of "William Meister,
a Seattle - merchant, .against the Pa
cific Telegraph and Cable Company.
He denied theprayer. of the plaintiff
for $299 damages alleged to have been
I* sustained by him through the noh
j delivery of a telegraphic order, and
i gave the defendant corporation judg
ment for costs. . j'-
Something for nothing, nit; you pay
for Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast, gladly. •
The reputation of George W. Rumble,
the promoter, who was recently indict
ed . by the Federal Grand Jury for
fraudulently using the mails, is bad.
according to affidavits filed yesterday
with the County* Clerk in connection
with the suit brought against him by
G. H. j Folsom. The affiants, who are
Chief of Police Wittman. Attorney N.
H. Jackson, State Mineralogist Lewis
Aubury and T. J. Fitzsimmons, man
ager and editor of the Mining and En
gineering Review, . say that they have
known Rumble for some time in this
communitj' and that his reputation for
truth, honesty and integrity is bad.
Citizens Dertbunce Ramble.
The Board of Park Commissioners in
regular meeting yesterday afternoon at
the office of the president, A. B. Spreck
els, declared in favor of 'beginning work
as early as possible on the proposed
circular speed track which will inclose
a polo field and athletic grounds in
Golden Gate Park. It was the sense
of , the board that $25,000 of the park
allowance might be expended in the
enterprise, provided representatives of
the polo clubs and athletic associations
would contribute an equal sum. -
A. B. Spreckels headed the list of
outside donations with a contribution
of $1000. The l!st is now open for sign
ers, and it is expected that prominent
men belonging to athletic, turf and
polo clubs who have been urging the
commission to go forward with the
work will sign up at once.
Commissioners Reuben H. Lloyd, A.
Altman and W. J. Dingee freely ex
pressed their sentiments to a delega
tion that waited on the board yester
day. J. L. Borden was the spokesman
for a delegation consisting of William
J. Simpson, E. J. Lynch, James Mc-
Tighe, E. R. Pease and T. J. Crowley.
All parties agreed that the site Should
be the ground' south and west of
Spreckels Lake, between the present
speedway and the north drive.
Superintendent McLaren estimated
that the work proposed would cost $50,
000. He estimated that the loam would
cost $16,000. It was figured that 80,000
cubic yards of sand would have to be
moved. Mr. Borden, speaking for the
horsemen and the athletes, drew a
beautiful picture of that region of the
park a,s it would appear when the- track
was completed and the adjacent area
adorned with trees, terraces and
grasses. Commissioners Lloyd, Spreck
els, Altman and Dingee tldmired the
picture. They explained, however, that
only a small percentage of the annual
park allowance could be applied to new
work, as the expense of maintenance
very nearly equaled the amount al
lowed for all purposes.
VALUABLE ART SPECIMENS.
It was announced to the board by
Mr. Lloyd that Mrs. Sarah M. Spooner
had given to the Memorial Museum
in the park tapestries, laces and rare
paintings of great value. The Spooner
contribution embraces a thousand ar
ticles. Mrs. Spooner left the city yes
terday for Pacific Grove and will short
ly proceed to her home in Boston. Be
fore her departure from San Francisco
she executed documents providing that
the park should have ftiture ownership
of many rare specimens of art. A reso
lution of thanks to the lady was unani
mously adopted by the board.
The commission -awarded to M. Ear.I
Cummlngs a contract for building a
drinking fountain on the terrace in
front of the conservatory. Golden Gate
Park. The design submitted by Mr.
Cumraings was accepted at a previous
meeting, and his bid, on open compe
tition, to build the fountain for $2500
was accepted yesterday.
The Commissioners decided to plant
a row of trees adjacent to the sidewalk
all around Lobos Square. Permission
for 'such tree-planting was obtained
from the Board of Public Works on ap
plication ot Mr. Lloyd. The area of
the park is twelve acres, bounded by
Chestnut, Bay, Laguna and Webster
streets. The secretary was directed to
inform City Attorney Long that there
were squatters on Franklin Square,
near Sixteenth and Bryant streets. The
commission proposes to improve the
square, and desires the ejectment of
persrns having no right on the prem
ises. It was remarked "that the Spring
Valley Water Company claimed 100
feet of Franklin Square.
The superintendent reported that the
working forces on parks and squares
during the month of February num
bered 295 men.
The Children's Playground for the
month of February was maintained at
a loss of $5S2 5y The loss at the Japan
ese Tea Garden was $93 40. Rainy Sat
urdays and Sundays in February ac
counted for the falling off in receipts.
KMULKAIS FOR TEMPLARS.
John P. Fraser, in behalf of the deco
ration committee, Knights Templar
conclave, requested that Templar and
Masonic emblems should be laid out
and planted in Golden Gate Park. It
was agreed that Commissioner Lloyd
should supply the emblems.. The su
perintendent will direct the planting.
Professor Grueber recently gave to
the park a rare animal, known as a
monkey-bear, or "coochy-coochy." It
was captured in a forest of Venezuela.
It answers to the name of "Castro."
Mrs. Millmore, matron of the Chil
dren's Playground, . is taking care of
"Castro." The Commissioners yester
day instructed the superintendent to
provide a cage for the newcomer. The
pedigree of Castro is in French. Ac
cording to the translation of Commis
sioner Altman, the animal is naturally
dangerous and becomes ferocious at the
sight of blood. According to the trans
lation of Secretary de Succa, "Castro"
is as gentle as a cat. The animal is
playful. His tail is long and beautiful.
His intelligence is remarkable, and the
secretary 'reports that his disposition
is agreeable.
Henry Brown of Willits, Mendocino
County! offered, by letter, to sell to the
Park ' Commissioners two sound and
healthy tame grizzly bears. The offer
was referred to the Chutes.
The subject of selecting a site in the
park for the proposed monument to
Hall McAllister was referred to Com
missioner Altman. The secretary was
directed to notify Judge Hunt of the
reference.
i '/'Moscow Is burning!- The worldis on
fire! '.Romeo, -go to 'the bathtub and
takeout Juliet!".
¦ It remains for the court to determine
whether these words, shouted in sten
torian tone's at\3:30 a. m. by a hus
band at -the door of his wife's^ room
in. a hotel, are sufficient grounds for
divorce. They- are incorporated in a
complaint filed yesterday by' Louise R.
Stack, a pretty Sacramento girl, against
Edgar H. Stack, a clerk in the auditor's
office of the Southern. Pacific Company.
Mrs. Stack alleges that they were use<l
by j her husband r on * the . morning «f
October 29 last year, within a few hours
after she'.became his .wife; and •. while
alief-was. resting peacefully in a ? room
at^ the; Golden Eagle; Hotel In Sacra
mento,-and- were accompanied' by the
rat-a-tat-tat of beer bottles on th?
door. . ' '- ' \
¦ BEER IN EVERY POCKET.
¦ ; It appears from the complaint that
the. remarkable nocturnal oration al
leged to have been made by Stack was
the first rift in, the lute .of their matri
monial happiness. A.few. honrj befcre
the' speech was delivered, says Mrs.
Stack, her husband helped himself to
$100 out of her purse,- vislte 1 several
saloons, got gloriously drunk and then,
with a beer bottle In each pocket, re
turned to the hotel." She says he awak
ened her by banging on the Voor with
one of the bottles. He- then. frightened
her almost to death by shouting at the
top of 'his voice that theworM was c-n
fire,' that 'Moscow was also ablaze ami
by directing one Romeo to hasten to
the ,bathtub and. rescue Juliet. She
has nothing to say about the days that
followed up* to November 30,' when she
"gays-'ishe and her husband camVto this
city and made their home at 113 Gough
street j with | Mrs. Percival Edwart,
Stack's mother. She says she remained
there for a while and because Stack
did not pay his board bill they were
put out by his mother's husband, Per
cival Edwart. ¦ - -
PAWNED JEWELRY.
On February 6, she says, he pawned
her diamond pin and wedding ring and
humiliated her by telling her friends
about it. Then on February 25 he told
her. he would not live with her any
lc/nger. informed her that he was going
to get a divorce and left her in indigent
circumstances and dependent upon
charity.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Bessie Walker against Leon J. Wal
ker, Etta Gray against Henry Gray
and Emma L. Bamford against James
Bamford. Mrs. Walker alleges cruelty.
Mrs; Gray neglect and cruelty and Mrs.
Bamford desertion. A suit on i the
ground of cruelty was also filed by
Isabel S. Hamilton against John C.
Hamilton.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
Frances M. Brown from Henry M.
Brown for neglect, Cora Hoertkorn
from Charles Hoertkorn for cruelty, Jo
sephine C. Hobbs from George L. Hobbs
for desertion and Blanche Beck frcm
Max Beck for cruelty. *
George W. Hislop, who is the de
fendant in a suit for divorce brought
by Louisa K. Hislop,' and plaintiff in
arTactlon for $50,000 damages "for alien
ation of affections against Henry
Brown, ' the banker, filed an answer
yesterday to his wife's amended com
plaint. He denies that he was ever
intimate with a woman named Violette
or any other woman than his wife.
'Next September, the" Sovereign Grand
Lodge of the independent Order of Odd
Fellows ,will hold its 'convention' in this
city. It is the supreme governing body
of 'an' organization possessing • in the
United ' States J 1,032,000 male members.
The membership of thlsorder affiliates
with ; the r Odd - Fellows of Australia,
Germany, Denmark,, Sweden, Switzer
land and the "Netherlands,' these hav
ing an aggregate j membership of 37,600,
not' Including" the '-Rebekah -branch. "The
order, dc-as not affiliate whh^.the Eng
lish order or the Manchester Unity of
Odd Fellows,' which number 900,700. In
addition to, the numerical strength of
the' order there, is- the -Rebekah or. wo
man's' branch i of thei; order, which/; in
the United States- numbers 259,000.- Out
of the. general membership'there is. the '
Encampment branch/ which has a mem
bership of 155,700, and the Chevaliers'
cf the^Patrlarchs Militant; who num-'
ber 17,750. * .' ; -'
The sessions of. the sovereign bajiy
will be from September 19 to Septem
ber 24. Inclusive,* and as it .will be the
first time since. 1S69 that this body has
met in San' Francisco the Odd Fellows
of the State, | assisted by the' member
ship of the several branches of the
order, will tender, a grand reception to
the visitors. "In giving. welcome to the
visitors the Odd Fellows will call at
tention to the,-resources of- the State, in
addition to entertaining them, i
EXTERTAIX3IENT' PLANNED.
The programme will include a daily
service of fruits and flowers; a ,trip . to
and collation at the Big Trees at Fel
ton, Santa Cruz County; a public "pa
rade of all branches of the order; the
engaging of the , Mechanics' :, Pavilion
for headquarters and display of Pat
riarchs Militant; prizes for competitive
drills, and the publication of a Cali
fornia souvenir giving full information
of this wonderful State. ¦¦ - ¦ .
This will be done by the California
Odd Fellows at their own expense, as
none of the^' citizens not members. of
the order will be asked to make any
contribution toward the proposed en
tertainment. The extent of the enter
tainment, decoration of the city streets
and other features will in a measure
depend upon the amount contributed,
but f rc-m assurances ¦ received by the
general committee it is safe to assert
that the week's festivities will be such
as will maintain the reputation for hos
pitality of Californlans and be a credit
to the 50,000 members of "the order in
the State. S It la expected that every
lodge in the State, the Encampment
branch, the Patriarchs" Militant in mili
tary uniform and the Rebekah branch
will be represented in. a grand parade
in this city and that not less than 15,000
persons will be in line.
.It is. expected that by March 10 the
committee will have, received advices
which; will enable it to determine the
amount of contributions.
EARLY CONTRIBUTORS.
Among the contributions to the re
ception fund are the following from
San Francisco bodies:
Pftcine Lodge. $50O; Apollo Lodge, f5C0; Bay
City. Ijodge, $SOt>: Fidelity Lodge, ?500: Oriental
Encampment. $50O; Yerba Buena Lodge. $355;
Gulden West Lodge. $;!00: Abou Ben Adhem
Lodge. $3tX>; Magnolia Lodge. $250; California
ijodRe, $2.'O; Templar Lodge. ?250: Alta Lodge,
$2.%0; .Franco- American Lodge. S'JSO.
Encinal Lodge of Alameda has pledged $150,
and Ookland and Enterprise ' of- Oakland each
$100. Golden Rule. West End and Good .TVI11
of Los Angeles, Stockton of Stockton, and tha
lodees of Humboldt County all guarantee 50
cents per^oaplta on their membership.
To Vallejo belongs the credit oi making the
largest donations in proportion • to membership
and resources, as the following contributions
from bodies In that city- show: San Pablo
Lodjre,. SITO); Golden State Lodge, $100;. Myrtle
Rebekah Lodge, $150, and Mount Morlah En
caftpinent, $100. ' ,
Board Holds Polo Clubs and
Kindred Associations Must
Bear Half of the Cost
Visi ting Eepresentatives Act
lor the Largest Fraternity
in thev United Stales
Avers That on Night of Mar
riage He Got Drunk and
Delivered Wierd Oration
A register of the mining industry of
Butte County has just been Issued by
State Mineralogist Aubury. One state
ment that it contains in the introduc
tory matter will attract attention
v. herever there are mining interests.
"There are more gold dredgers in oper
ation in the vicinity of Oroville," it
pays, "than in any other similar area
in Xortb or South America. There are
twenty-four at work and several more
in construction." The gold product of
Butte County in 1902 amounted to $916,
£61, and the silver value produced was
12219. There were also produced lime,
trick and mineral waters bringing the
.total value of mineral products of
Butte County for 1S02 up to $926,251.
The gold output came principally
from the auriferous gravels, but some
Qcartl rr.ir.es are operating. The county
.ha* been noted since early settlement
lor its auriferous gravel properties and
hydraulic, drift, river bed and surface
riacere. At one time placer mining was
extensively carried on in the county,
but this is now confined to ground
sluice cluing principally. Drift mining
is carried on extensively In the lava
capped districts and is producing some
pcld. There are many tracts of larrd
Fuit&ble for this class of mining that
car. be worked. Most of the hydraulic
nines in Butte County have been closed
down, but a few are working under
•permits issued by the California Debris
Ccrnmlssion. A few miners are follow
ing pocket mining, which has often
jrroved to be lucrative. Dredge mining
fcEB found its most extensive field in
Butte County. Some little platinum is
recovered with the gold in the dredge
mining operations. ¦
About Sa per cent of the business of
Butte County is connected with mining.
Lumbering, fruit growing and stock
raising constitute th* remaining 65 per
cent. Some general facts are supplied
by the Mining Bureau register concern
ing the counts* which are not out of
plxic* in a publication which aims to
give to the public the facts that are of
interest to miners. The assessed valua
tion of the county for lf«03 was $16,057,
765. The county extends from the Sac
ramento River on the west about fifty
cai'.es easterly. Forty per cent of the
county is volley land, composed of the
Sacramento, Feather and Butte Creek
valleys. The elevation ranges from
ahcut seventy-five feet to €649 feet
above s*a level. In the operation of
mints, rnil!s and dredgers wood for gen
crating steam and water for electric
r ower are available. Most of the drift
and quartz mining is done through tun
nels and drifts giving drainage by
gravity. Timber is plentiful In the
county for fuel, lumber and mine tim
.bering. .
A LEADING INDUSTRY.
The chief mining interest naturally is
attached to the dredging operations.
Of the twenty-four plants in operation
all but one are bucket dredges. One is
a. shovel dredge. The companies en
gaged in dredge mining in the county
and the number of plants that they are
working, respectively, are as follows:
Anv-rlcan Gold Dredging Company, two;
OwSu Dredging and Exploration J^ m Pa n >;
on?- Bcs-.cn «nl OrwrtUc Mining Company,
two'- Butte <5oM Dredg* Company. cr.«: Boston
arui e«!lforni» Dredging Company, two: Chero
l»f Ooid Dredging Coast any. one; Boston and
Orovll> Minlr-g •"eir.pany. on»: El On Dredge
< -ciiwav one. Feather Exploration Company.
,".:.. i^iera Oold Dredging and Mining Lorn
rki'v two- Iva Ora Gold Dredge Company.
La-k' Bed* Oo!d Dredge ConspanK J. H !>•«
e*r Marigold Dredsc Corrpany.Oroville Dr»d*e
Company and Per.nsvl-.ania Dredge Company.
ere etch.
Nearly all the dredging plants get
their water supply from the Feather
River. Indeed, the exceptions num
ber but six. In these six instances the
water supply is furnished by the
Palermo Land and Water Company.
Oroville is the nearest town to all the
dredge-mining plants.
A. valuable feature of the . Butte
County register, which it shares in
common with the other county regis
ters of the same State series, is the
official information it gives concerning
the actual working of any mining
property in the county at the time of
the official compilation of mining
facts. For instance, under the head
of "Miscellaneous Mining," such re
marks as the following appear regard
ing mining claims: "Not worked for
some years"; "no development,*'
"heavy flow of water crushed pipe,
abandoned after sinking below two
holes"; "ha? produced, mill burned, not
rebuilt at the present time"; "stands
¦well," etc.
This sort of exact information
may be of disadvantage to mining
fakers who sell stock on false repre
sentations concerning the amount of
working progress at any property in
which they have inviud the public to
invest, but the legitimate mine oper
ator has nothing to complain about
when these facts are made public. His
situation is made stronger.
The State Mineralogist has an ex
planatory note in his register to the
effect that some mines were shut down
¦^ hen the field assistant of the State
Mining Bureau visited them and he
was therefore unable to obtain any
data concerning them. For every
established claim the name of the
owner or other person designated as
the proper one to give Information is
published, with postofBce address.
PARENT OF DREDGERS.
. Some interest in this connection at
taches to the gold dredging conditions
in New Zealand, where the dredge
mining industry had its origin. Ac
cording to the best available returns
the New Zealand dredgers recovered
a' total of 87,130 ounces of gold In
1S03, with an average of sixty dredgers
at work at Otago and Southland. The
same district in 1902 produced by
dredgers 103.369 ounces. In the West
Coast district an average of twenty
dredgers in 1903 produced 30,619
ounces, as against 30,000 ounces in
round figures. for the year preceding.
The Otagra Times says of the condi
tions under which the dredgers in New
Zealand were worked:
During alir^t the whole of the winter
merit hs tlie river fluctuated so much that
lUtndy dredging was difficult tn the Molyneur
River, and for a period of several weeks In
July and August, aiter the heavy fall of snow,
the cold was so intense that operations were
almost completely et a standstill. The *org«
dredgers had a hard year, and were only able
to work intermittently, with th« result that
a considerable portion of the actual working
time vas occupied in treating the traveling
flrtrt. This, combined with the heavy cost of
ccalinj, has made working very expensive. A
number of companiis worked out their ground
*n<l closed up during 19C3; but. on the other
har.u. a few new cnes were floated, the most
attention in tbia connection being devoted to
the Walkaia. and Upper Clutha districts.
The Badgrer mine at Grass Valley
has. been taken under option by U. P.
Koenig. It has not been operated for
many years.
The Rawhide mine in Placer Coun
ty, near Shady Run, has been bought
by H. W. Morris of San Francisco.
The report is that the price was $80,
000.
Work has been resumed at the High
Peak mines near Julian. San Diego
County.
The Xevada County Miner says
that the Gold Tunnel mines are ex
pected to resume. A second payment
has been made to the laborers on the
Gold Tunnel, Potosi-Orleans and Erie-
Ontario mines by W. W. Vick.
j The Keystone mine at Old Diggings,
Shasta County, has been sold by Ed
White to the Broda Mining and Smelt
ing Company of New York. The pur
chase price is reported to be $40,000.
The Redding Free Press says that a
smelting .plant will be erected. The
Keystone embraces eight claims. It
adjoins the Texas mine on the north
east.
REPORTS A CAXARD.
The Manvel correspondent of the
Redlands Pacts writes that the xeport
of strikes qX rich ore in the Search
light district is declared by mining
men to be unreliable. The paper
says:
One of the latest report* brought here by
an user.t of the clique working' up the boom
describe* an immense ledge, running as hish
• f 815.O0O to the ton In gold. The agent «
hibited «=r«cimens o r quartz In support of his
story. The «amples were almost pure gold,
but cot exactly of the rock formation found
in th? extension. Wild reports which ha\e
Kcne out concerning the strike have brought
se\era! prospectors and '"greenhorns" to tha
locality, many of them having spent their last
dc'.Iir to s*t here, ar.d in many Instances they
fcBXe become a charge on the district, a «w
o' them being invalids, who have staked their
all on the one vain hope of striking It rich.
It can be positively stated that there has been
no rich strike, and the rock formation of the
new extension does cot warrant the hope that
there will be any in that vicinity.
All the accumulated tailings and
debris in the streams in Siskiyou
County, says the Treka Journal, have
been swept away by the freshets,
leaving the miners a clear field for
active operations, but many claims
have been filled ui> and dams washed
away.
The Siskiyou News estimates the
output of the Salmon River district
in Siskiyou Counts* since I860 at J6,
250.000.
Operations on the World Beater
group of mines at Ballarat have been
begun.
The Los Angeles Mining Review
publishes under the caption of "Les
sons in Mining" the following concern
ing the great stamp aggregation for
the Homestake mines in South Da
kota, in which Mrs. Phebe Hearst is
interested.
¦ The Treadwell mines of Alaska have hitherto
enjoyed th- distinction of having the largett
ftair.p mi'.l in th* world, but the mines will
soon be shorn of their honors. The HomestaUe
iXmpany of South Dakota, of which Mrs.
Pfccb* Hearst ts the principal owner. Is so
lnjr to increase the capacity of its mill, or
mill*, to 1000 stamps, giving it seventy more
Ftarr.pa than are In operation at the TreadweiL
A* is well known the ores of both companies
are low erade, very low grade, yet they arc
two r>f the best dividend-paying gold mines in
the United States. Tou a«k why? Because
those in '¦harce of the mines have studied
th« problem before them with mathematical
precision; they have employed capable mining
«>r.sine«T« to determine the possible limits of
the ore bodies; they have employed the most
skillful mining experts and chemists to de
termine the values In the ores and how these
values can be the most economically extracted:
they have, in other words, proceeded along
strict business lines, and Instead of making a
failure they have made b. success, as would
all other men proceeding on like intelligent
lines.
COST OF ENTERPRISE
PREPARING A WELCOME
3IAKES STKAXGE CHARGE
Commissioners Decide in Fa
vor of Half -Mile Circle
Close to Spreckels Lake
The Sovereign Grand Lodge
' Will Meet Here in the Lat
ter Part, of September
She Sues Him for Divorce.
¦ ; '' N Alleging fie Disturbed Her
Sleep at Unseemly Hours
State Mineralogist Issues a Register in
Which First Place in America Is
Assigned to the Home Gold Gleaners
BUTTE COUNTY MINING
DREDGERS ARE LEADERS
SPEED TRACK
FOR THE PARK
ODD FELLOWS
ARE COMING
STACK'S TALK
SCARES WIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL; SATURDAY/ MARCH ,5, 1901.
Dedication Ball.
A ball will be given this evening In
Native Sons' Hall by the general com
mittee of the Improved Order -of . Red
Men and the Degree of Pocahontas in
aid of a fund that the order^ is creat
ing for the purpose of approprla ?ly
dedicating the new wig.vam in course
of erection on Golden Gate avenue. .
7
GBAPE-NUTS.
' A "™
Big
Step
Toward health is made by
Grape-Nuts
the scientifically perfect food.
O<?t the little book "The Road to
V.>Hvi!;e" In each pk$.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KODAK
Printing
, AND.
Developing
AT CUT PRICES
There Is a distinctive quality In nr.y
work. I'm thoroughly equipped for Ko-
dak Developing and Printing, and my
prices are too low to arrue about. Here
are a inw ficures:
DEVELOPING.
Roll of 6. 10c: roll of 12. 15c.
s. . PRINTING.
. Solio finish, 3c to 5c.'
Vefox finish, 3c to 6c.
I carry in stock ' all popular rizes of
KODAK FILMS for daylisbt loading at
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. V>: PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 Market Street, Above Powell.
San Francisco. -
Every -Woman
¦a^^?^-- ' V>\«k is Interested nnd tbonld Jraotr.
*n'MWV* i n * . about tiiowonderfnl
W A^ iVo MARVEL Whirling Spray
VYVSC^Ql^L ti*»a*d SsrtiMt. Beet-saf-
vV<C^i*^ffiv. nt-Mc«t Convenient.
—^*&<=&?^<i& rr ?!%?2jk uuiuwiMutir.
If h» r.-.nr.ot i-ipi'ly the Xi5"*r ¦>S"fr / ($
M.tRVGl.. aweptiio -^ \» •"''TrsSS^iy^
ether, bet sesd 6taim» for n- Vv / * -¦.nA/
luitrated book-««W.lt UTei V* / "£
fnllpartirnlaroandrtiTWtioMln- Ht'f - Im
valuable to l»d!e». JIARVKLCO,. 't^rifii^
Times Ujlld.nc. Xew Tcrk- , - -^
OCEAN TBAViX.\
MAP3EILUA. GCNOA^i |
g^WAPtfcS 8f ALEXANDRIA. ECYPT^
. CANOPlC Mar. 12. Apr. C3. May 2S
REPUBLIC (new). :..........:.... Mar. 20
ROMANIC Apr. 9. May 14, June 13
(Send for rates and illustrated booklcO
' These steamers are -the largest - in the
Mediterranean service. ¦ • ¦>_. /¦- .-.
First-class, f65 upward.
1 Boston Jo Livefpo'al ouo^Sot™
CYMRIC. Mar. 17, Apr. 14. ATay !2
I CRETIC ...Mar. 31, Apr. 28
First-class. JtSO and- S65 upward, actord-
Inc to steamer. For pl*ns. etc., adures<«
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 State st..
' Boston, or to C. D. -TAYLOR. 21 Pest st.
, ICHPA8RII: 6CTSXl«:T2tAIf3iTIi\Sirjij;;
DIRECT LINE TO HAVHE-PAR1S. jt*^.
Sailing every Thursday instead or »iS,tfXir
Saturday, at 10 a. m..' from Pier. 42. •^**J«-i-.-
Xortn River, foot of Morton st.
< First class to Havre. S7O and upward. ' See-
I ond class to - Havre. $45 and upward. GE.N-
I EKAL AGENCY tfOR UNITED STATES AXD
CANADA. :S2 Broadway (Hudson . Bulldlns).
New York. J. F. F17GAZI *: CO.. Pacific Cca»t
Agents. 5 Uonlsomery arenue. San Francisco.
! Tickets «old'by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Maro Isjlana; and Valleio Steamers.
¦ Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTlCEtLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., uccpt Suodar.
Sunday. 9:15 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a, m.. 12:30 and 6 p. tn.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. tn.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 150& Pier 2, MiMlon-st. rtock. HATCH
' BROi , ¦• J ..v>*..^-.--
OCEAN TBAVEL.
' >^TcT7 !> v St«aa:er3 leave Pier* 9 and
/gAS s -^Q^ 11, Ean Fianciseo:
/¦&%_ XiffV For Ketchlkan, Wrange!.
/u/^S^Sl V*! Juneau. Haines, Ekaruar.
II VSSe^ I I etc -- Alaska— 11 a. m.. Mar.
V \ \WiSCa/ / 1. «, 11. l-i. 21. -i. 31. Apr.
\*i \V fit 5. Ch*n«e to company's
VVv*L-^v »t*ainer at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
¦ -"^ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
eoma, Everett. BeUingham — 11 a. m.. Mar. 1.
6, 11. 18, 21. 28. 31. Apr. 5. Change at Eeattla
ti> this ccrnpany's steamers for Alaska and G.
X. Ry. r at Seattle or Taeoina to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureica I Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. tn.. Mar. .1. 11, 17. 23. 29. Apr. 4. Spokane.
1:30 p. m., >Iar. 2, 8. 14. 20. 2tt, Apr. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Low An^elea asd
Kednndo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa. S'jndavs. A a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, A a. m.
For Los Anseles ivla San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mt-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. in.. Mar. .*. 16. 2*, Apr. I.
Eonlta. 9 a. m.. Mar. 4. 12. 20, 29. Apr. 5.
For Enspnada, Ma^dalena Cay. San Jose d?t
Cnbo. MazatUn, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
I salia. Guaymas iJKt.i, lt> a. m . 7th pacn
n-i;.th. K«.r further Information obtain folder.
I R!«rht Is reserved to change steamers or MiUnji
date?
TICX"ET O?nCES — 4 New Montgom-
j cry gt. (l-3'ace rictey. 10 Market st. and Broad'
j Tray wharves. Freight office. 10 Market : *.
| C. D. DUN A XX. Genera! Passenger Agent.
1ft Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Suttsr »t.. w:lt
call for and e*eck basKage from hotels +n-i
residences. Telephone Exchange ."512.
o. /?. <s yv. co.
OREGOX sails March ». IS. 2S. April 7. 17.
27. M'iy 7 an<l 17. P.S. Oregon i.« temporarily m
service instead cf the Columbia. GEO. TV.
ELDETt sa!N March 3. 13. 2S. April 2. 12: S3;
May 2 and 12. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., anrl short rail line from Portlanl
to all points East. Through tickets to alt point.*,
all mil cr steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth an I
ictaU. Sfairtr »ai!s foot or Spear «t.. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agent.
Fr?!ght Dept.. 3 Mont*c:nrry st.
AKEJLICAK JJXTB. '.-.i ¦¦'-'
Plrmcuth — Clierbonrjc — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at !<:.>'» a. m.
New York Mar. 12'Zee!an<J.Mar.20.1O:rU^rt>
St- Paul Mar. 13!St. Louis \pr. 3
ATLA3TT1C TSA2TSFOST J.17TE.
Haw York — Londoa Direct.
M»nomlne* Mar. 12. 9 a.m.
Minneapolis Mar. 13. 7 a. m.
Mesaba ...:.. Mar. 2R. !» a. n.
Mlnnetrnka Apr. 2. 7 a. rn.
Only flrst-olasa passengers carried.
Dosmrcoir use.
Portland — Idvsrpool — Short sea passage
Canada Mar. 12jDoaiin!on Apr. 2
Vancouver Mar. 26,rambroman Apr. 9
HOLLAITD-AMEIIICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.5C0 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam. Via Bouloxna.
Sailing Tu»«day» at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam Mar. S^tatendam Mar. 23
Xcordam Mar. 22! Potsdam Apr. 5
BED STAB UZTZ.
New York — Antwerp — Paric.
' From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a.' m.
Vaderland Mar. I2f Zee land Mar. 2*
Kroonland ¦ Mar. 19. Finland Apr. 2
WHITE STAB LISTS.
ITew Tor'* — Queeneto-wn, — Xttvcrpool.
Sailing W»<liv;s<tay».
J Oceanic ...Mar. 0 noon[MaJ*stic.Mar.3O,l0 a.n.
Ort'.c ..Mar. 1«. » p. m. (Arabic. ..Apr. 1/5 p.m.
Tedric ..Mar. 23. 0 a.ra.iOteanic.Apr. R. 10 a.m.
! Boston — Qneeastown — Liverpool.
| rymric Mar. 17. Aprtl II. May 12
i Cretic ,^..»...i.... Mar. M, April 2S
! 3OSTO5 JIEUITIBSAJTEAH SraTICTE.
Azores. OiDraltar. riaplvs. Oe&oa.
C»NOPIC .— '- Mar. 12. Apr. 2U. May S 1 *
REPI*BL1C (new) Mar. 2«
KOMAWIC....- April », May It. Jun» IS
C. D TA YLOTt. Passenger Agen/ Paclfls Coast.
I 21- Post St.. San Franclgco. '
j Hamburg- American.
\ Bi-weekly Twfai-Screw Scrrics.
I Per Plymouth. diertJomr. S^mborr.
•Moitke Mar. S.'Moliice Mar. 31
Trctoria Mar. 12; Pennsylvania ..Apl. 3
"Waldersee ....Mar. 10 j *Deata-:hIar.d ..ApL 7
•Bluecher Alar. 24 > Patricia Apt. 9
•Grill roojn anil.sysir.r.siuBi on Tward.
SAM3'OSO-ASCZXXCA.ir I.I2TE.
Offioea. and C7 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
oeeaBics.s.ce.sSi
S.S. A1AMEDA. for Honolulu. Mch. 12. 11 «.m.
P. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Mch. 1». 11 a. in.
S. S. SONOMA, for IleuoJniu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Timr., March 24. 2 pi. m.
ADVEBTISEflTKirrS. i
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
Fac-simile Signature of /^Lw^l^U?
y^^^^gpBILIOUSNESS. |^
J^^j^KX SICK HEADACHE. W0\ § \B C
T o RP|D L1VER - Kl » " ™ W\
Ifm M INDIGESTION O| I I £ffl
SALLOW SKIN ¦«™B^«B^HBBa8SifflSfifflBBl
They TOUCH tha LIVER "S ! Si
Genuine Wrapper Printed on -p ,— -
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS ><$£>¦- J^^< n „ \>
Look for tb» 6lf nature / r P rZ^^^^=C^2^Z^
I, I, ' •
Hi 1 ILI I wit eL F 3 &£^l a *^
h?3 3 ¦ ¦ ¦ MB tEZta Utar ¦ T^i
> That's a good \yay to go if you do not care for extreme style but *¦ wr%
|3|| do like to be comfortable. • f jada
p3 The Burlington Overland Excursions leave CalL r omia for the t |g|
Kg East in Pullman tourist sleeping cars on certain days every week, h S^J
|*3 They travel thro' Salt Lake City and Denver, passing the grand / p^j
gpf scenic panorama of the Rocky Mountains by daylight. -'.'.S^M
WH Each excursion is in charge of an experienced special conductor, %ji
l|g who does nothing but look after the wants of the passengers day and f fa'JJ
Ell n;gh:. ¦ . |*>J
1^1 The cost of double berths (comfortable for two) is only $6. ?o \
H*i to St. Louis and $7.00 to Chicago. Tourist car passengers may take , K|
f,^ their meals in Burlirjgton dining cars. The meals are always good, J^*
tg the prices moderate, and you pay only for what you order. y 1$
\3x Would be pleased to tell you more about this pleasant way of E^t
1 EiS going. A postal card request, giving your destination, is all that'i WQ
1 pi necessary. IH
1^1 General Agent gurlington Route, j^B
906 Telephone, Main 1133. 63 1 Market St., SAN PRANCISCO. jt?j|
w^L *-•-*¦' ' ¦ ¦
t
';" fg? , \ . , ¦ • .¦-?,;>¦.; . ADVERTISEMENTS. . . . • ¦ . V '.- - . ; ¦ j
H A MILLION HEALTHY, MANLY S
i /^Ilifl&^&Vv^si*^ AMERICAN MEN, fathers of fam- g
a /&&^^ S^nH& ilies. business men, statesmen, g
3 jST . \»0^»|. mechanics, farmers, lawyers, min- g
H W ¦. • ; isters.doctors.bookkeepers.bank- CT
l J vSS^l. • er8 » sailors, soldiers, traveling H
9 S*«y 'fiUv \ '^a^pT Baleamon, railroaders, laboringr g
m l£¥ i~^*\ J nien ' naen in every walk of life, in g
a «2L 'i x &/J ©very line of activity, keep their B
8 sii»<&r^&?l bowels regular with CASOAR- i
I K^GLv v^w ET3 Candy Cathartic. They tell 1
1 n^gMll'/ Rf other men about the wonderful f
m» rhmv NgpsSroSy ff merit of this -wonderful little tab- i
3 m«*« flSrTKS + I let. They take OASOARETS home B
d ™* dfiP* k. to their wives and families. The g
alT*. yztl2"J»* fik consoquence 'i3 a sale of OVER A H
1 s° edt " mm^^ .^^ MILLION BOXES A ' MONTH i
« jp^]^ made by merit and appreciation. E3
% £&£M&k ,^^ -^ Inan w ho keeps his bowels regular m
a . J&~ ¦ "with OASOARETS, can keep strongr and B
3 -^^BBffljflfr'^dl** healthy even without much exercise, for when &
JizaKitf& the bowel3 are regular and the dijre8tionBtrong m
»3 JSHJEr jap . the system is eafo and the muscles, brain and §3
H m* J& ne ' :ve s 11 have inexhaustible elasticity and lifo. H
jg Er Mr All druffsists,' 10c, 26c. 60c. Never sold in bulk. The'gen- K
* jF Sff utn« tablet -stamped O C C. Eatooleand booklet free. E!
«| 9f " Address 8terllngr Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. f-%
H CATHARTIC
AfySMUAL SALE -TEN fVlSLLIG^ BOXES I
1- Qf^^stJntt© World ' ¦"->« jINSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
President Castro has closed the Venezuelan embassy
at; Washington. This is one of those little diplomatic
incidents that relieve -the tedium of the capital.' The less
we hear of-Castro the better we are pleased and it cer
tainly Willie to his advantage to hear little of us.
Japan Calls for a Poet.
Shortly before the outbreak of the
war Japan, which has no national song,
called for one in the following words
which appeared in -a' Japanese news
paper: "A song that ennobles
labor, which nobles, the lazy
people, despise, is a true national song.
It is : neither genteel nor vulgar, but
noble and common. Who can make
our dally work holy? Who can com
pose the first national song in our coun
try? Does the hx-ven not send such
Disgrace, conviction and sentence to imprisonment
have closed the career of Machen and others involved in
the frauds upon the postal service. How unfortunate
it is that these, men could not look into the future and
strike a balance-sheet of the profit and loss of,dishonesty.
'It-js' difficult sometimes to estimate the motives- of crimi
nals except on the theory that crime is a disease.
: A few, days since the college community of Berkeley
gave its thoughts to the observance of Memorial day,
the Worthiest of holidays, the inspiration of purposes
without -equal in the activity of men and women. It is
well to suspend our work and for a day look back at the
splendid figures that led. in the march of morality and
good deeds. And Berkeley has many such to honor,
revere and emulate.
THE SMOOT CASE.
C. W. Campbell. British Consul in
Wuchow, has written a very interest
ing report on a journey made by him
in Mongolia, giving a remarkably in
structive account of the mode, of life
in the interior of China. One /very
peculiar custom is noted. 11 r. Camp
bell tells us that he was particularly
struck by the numbers of pairs of
boots hung in separate wooden cages
in the archway of the main west gate
of Hsuanhua, the valedictory gifts of
beneficent prefects. It is an attractive
custom in China to invite a departing
magistrate whose rule has been pop
ular to leave a pair of old boots for
suspension in a prominent place as a
hint to his successor to follow in his
footsteps. . "
In His Steps.
AS The Call predicted, the wide excursion taken by
Senator Smoot's answer. in the contest- ; of his scat
has brought into the case the whole polity of the
Mormon church and the practice of its leaders. The
testimony given by President , Smith is what we 'said it
would be, proving him to "be in the" practice of poly
amy ever since the manifesto of 1890, and in .violation
of the pledges made to secure the admission of Utah
into the Union. ¦
, Notonly does. President Smith make confession, under,
oath for himself.' but for his cousin^ John Henry Smith,
and other apostles," and for various Bishops and officers
of the church. He declares, also, that his relations with
his. plural wives/of whom he has five^ were i'of common
knowledge. .- He lacked precision on • only one point
After admitting> that he ha^d many .children born 1 ; since
1890, he was in doubt about the exact number, belonging
to one of his wives, 4>ut said he would-findout and report
later. He also admitted that Smoot had to get the
A raldlfT of the Russians
Lay japanned at Tsehrtzvkjswlvitch,
There was a lack of woman's nursing
And other comforts which
Might add to his last moments
And smooth the final war;
But a comrade stood beside him
To hear what he might say.
The japanned Russian faltered
As he took that comrade's hand,
And he said: "I never more shall see."
My own, my native land;
Take. a message and a' token
To some distant friends of mlne. ;
For I was born at Smanlxzrsqgqfxzskl
Fair Smanlxzrsqgqfxzeki on the Lrk
ztvzklmnov. 1 ' —New York Sun. ,
Bingenhovsky.
Charles, Mart vr.
The Westminster .Gazette of London
in its issue of January 30 recalls an
old superstition concerning the relics
of the first Charles of England. It
says:
"To-day is the anniversary of the
execution of King Charles I. The
shirt worn by him on the scaffold, his
watch, his white silk breeches and
the sheet thrown over" the body after
the execution have been preserved
and are to be seen at Ashburnham
Place, the seat of the Earl of Ash
burnham, into whose family they
came into possession on the death of
the "monarch. The relics were once
looked upon as cures, as recently as
1860 a sick person being brought to
Ashburnham in order that he might
get some benefit by touching them."
RUSSIANS— L., City. Russians are
called Muscovites from the fact that at
one time Russia was Muscovy. The
Slave are a race of people widely spread
in Eastern, Southeastern and Central
Europe. . The Slavs are divided into two
sections, the southeastern and western.
The former comprises the Russians.
Bulgarians. Sero-Crotians and Slovens;
the latter the Poles. Bohemians. Mora
vians, Sberaks. Wendts, etc. From the
fact that the Russians are included in
this category is the reason that they
are designated as Slavs. Tatar or Tar
tar in the Middle Ages was the name
given the hosts of Mongol. Turk and
Tatar warriors who swept over Asia
under the leadership of Jenghig Kahn.
The name was afterward applied to the
descendants of these hosts, now inhab
iting the steppes of Russia in Europe.
Siberia (the latter with an additional
intermixture of Frunlsh and Samoyetic
blood) and the Caucasus, such as the
Kazen Tatars (the remnants of the
Kiptchaks. or "Golden Horde"), the
Crimlc Tatars in the Crimea, the Kalu
nicks or Eleuths (who are properly
Mongols), etc. It is by reason of this
that Russians are sometimes called
Tartars.
Korea, overwhelmed by the armies of Japan, threat
ened, by, the forces of Russia and destined to the horrors
of war that it neither caused nor invited, intends," it :s
said, to ask us for .help. Under . existing conditions
Uncle Saip cannot even give the balm of his advice.
The best thing for Korean statesmen to do now is to
preserve a few of the current maps of the world as sou
venirs, for it is among the things reasonably certain
tnat -Korea won't be known to the new niapmakers.
Our admirably balanced courts have decided that the
Board of Education has exclusive control of the, public
school buildings in this city. In fixing this serious re
sponsibility upon the members of the School Board we
should always keep in mind the names of the gentlemen
when we look upon the unsightly barns in* which .we
house our children. If San Francisco is famous for maiiy
things, she is notorious for one — her shameful neglect of
the proper housing of her school children: - ' T -
GRAND PRIX DE ROME—Subscri
ber, City. The Grand Prix de Rome, or
grand prize of Rome, 13 a prize awarded
by the French Government for the best
work In sculpture, painting, music and
architecture. It is confined to French
subjects over 15 and under 30 years of
age.
RECORD— Sailor, City. When a ves
sel running between San Francisco and
Portland. Or., makes a record the time
is reckoned as between the bar in San
Francisco harbor and j the one at the
mouth of the Columbia River.
EMMA ABBOTT— J. and R.. City. It
was in December. 1890. that the Emma
Abbott Opera Company appeared in
San Francisco. It opened at the Bald
win on. the 8th of that month for a
two weeks* engagement.
In the Days of Daniel.
When Senator Bailey and Senator
Tillman were having their discussion
recently over paternalism in the Gov
ernment Senator Tillman said: "I live
in the country, and I have always lived
in the country, and I know more about
farmers than the Senator does."
. "Ah yes," said Senator Bailey suave
ly. "I do not think there is anything
the Senator from South Carolina does
not know more about than any other
Senator, if we take his own opinion
on that point."
"I beg to tell my friend that a great
many South Carolinians have gone to
Texas," Senator Tillman said to Sena
tor Bailey.
"Fes, and we put some of them in
the penitentiary/ too," replied Senator
Bailey.
"Which in them days was consid
ered repartee," quoted Senator Kean
solemnly and loud enough Tor all to
hear.
Anszvers to Queries.
EXPORTS— Subscriber, City. The ex
ports from the United States to Russia
during 1903 were valued at $7,518,177,
and to Japan during the same period at
$21,6:2.603.
The Life-Saver.
. A few days ago several members of
a fraternal society after the meeting
adjourned drifted into a discussion as
to the merits and demerits of the to
bacco habit.
I One of the party, John Griffiths, a
brakeman on the Southern Pacific,
startled them somewhat by quietly re
marking: "I have been a smoker ever
since I was in my teens and to that
fact I owe my life."
He was pressed for an explanation.
"I was brakeman on a freight train
not long ago," said he, "and as the
train pulled out of Truckee I jumped
on the cab of the engine to have a chat
with the engineer and fireman. When
we were bowling along at a good speed
I put my hand in my coat pocket to
get a cigarette, as I wanted to smoke,
but discovered that I had left the
package in my vest pocket in the ca
boose. I climbed over the cars till I
reached the caboose. Just then I was
thrown off my feet and after I had
gathered myself up I jumped out of
the caboose and ran forward. The
engine had been derailed and the engi
neer and fireman killed. If it had not
been for my craving for a smoke I
would have been In the cab and no
doubt would have met the same fate.
That's why I say tobacco saved my
life."
The Night Attack,
There's the throb of the screw In tha
darkness.
And the throb of the wave at the bow.
And the captain steps out In the offing.
With a muttered prayer and a vow.
Then the strife of the gods of battle.
When Death stands grim at the wheel—
A tale of the strife of the puppets
That go down in the ships of steeL
"Clang!"
A jangle of bells in the engine-room.
And the Hell-fires glare in the stoke
hole's gloom;
For Life and Death on the signal hang.
The smitten steel of the furnace rings.
And the pent-up monster sighs and
sings.
The stokers know not why the- order
rang.
But the steam gauge leaps at the sum
mons — "Clang!"
"Port!"
'Tis Death speaks low to the man at
the wheel:
There's a thunder of guns. The great
ships reel.
What matter if Death waits In Honor's
court?
There's a ringing cheer In the wild
turmoil
Of the grinding jar of the gun's recoil.
Then the lauched torpedo's quick retort.
And the battle is over — the ship's in
port.
•Tis the strife of the gods of battle.
When Death stands grim at the wheel—
A tale of the strife of puppets
That go down in ships of steel.
— Stanford Sequoia.
SAN JOSE TAKES THE PALM.
AS an advanced missionary for the palm as a street
tree, The Call desires to commend the people of
San Jose, for the use they made of Arbor day.
On the suburban avenue leading to Alum Rock Park
they, used elms and the Monterey pine. But around the
school buildings, in Naglee Park and on the streets palms
were, planted. In the future there will be shown in the
East pictures of San Jose in the winter months that
will present a tropical aspect. . . . ,
San Jose is becoming more and more a resort for
tourists. An excellent hotel there has helped to bring
the town into prominence, and Lick Observatory has
drawn further attention to it. Now its palm
liried streets will add to its many gifts and
graces, which are a lure to travelers. It had
always the finest material advantages. It is the
center of the prune industry, which has* made conquest of
the American market and already is a factor in Europe.
It is also the greatest seat of the field and garden seed
interest in the country, and has a strong hold in all
forms of fruit production. The coast line of the South
ern Pacific has put it on an overland through route, and
its prospects are as bright as can be boasted by any
town on the ccast.
The determination of the San Joseans to make the
be*t use of the climate by making of their town a palm
city is a keenly practical matter. It will increase tourist
travel, and travelers who go to enjoy the resulting grace
and beauty will look- through and beyond the palms to
the material advantages of the region and will buy
home? and rural lands and become residents. It is
£> : mpi. anpther use made of climate as an asset, and a
mojl important use. No California town can afford to do
otherwise.
, The same principle applies to country property. If an
owner wish to sell a country ranch he should !>egin
by surrounding his ranch house with palms and orange
and fig trees. It is known that in the market men buy
with their eyes. Given two lots of fruit, of equal quality,
but one artistically . displayed, while the other is a
slovenly jumble, and the one well arranged to attract
the eye will find 'a buyer, while the other goes without.
So. it is with cities and ranches. As we have the advan
tage of a climate in which such ornamentation is easy
and cheap, its neglect is an improvidence that cannot be
excused.
We again preach ' the palm to the cities of the plain
and the coast. All palms are good and quick growers
and they are ornamental from the moment they are
planted." San Jose has done well. Now let Oakland and
all 'cities do as well, and California will get fame not
only,"as*the Golden but as. the Oriental State.
His Retraction.
The campaign had gone wrong, as
usual, for the editor of a struggling
Republican paper in a Southern Cali
fornia town. To make matters worse,
the Democrats, as is customary with
the victors after a hot political bat
tle, held a general jubilation and par
ade. One of the features of the pro
cession was a float carrying a huge
bell, which was beaten alternately by
a negro and a white man named Joe
Jeffries. It was sounding the death
knell of the Republican party.
The morning after the parade the
Republican paper appeared with a
brief account of the procession and
stated that among other features there
was a float carrying a bell, beaten
alternately by two negroes.
Jeffries, who like the well-known
Jeffries of to-day was handy with his
fists, immediately sought out the edi
tor and threatened to scatter his re
mains over fourteen counties.
The editor, like Moses, was a meek
man and promised a retraction. It
appeared the next day as follows:
"We were in error In stating that
the bell carried in the political pro
cession was beaten by two negroes.
It was beaten by Joe Jeffries and an
other negro."
While it is yet early perhaps to determine the worth
of the various correspondents that are operating with
such disastrous consequences to the armies and navies
of Japan and Russia in the Far East it is comparatively
easy, by elimination, to determine the distinguished un
worth of some of the gentlemen of the quill. For spec
tacular prevarication the. British correspondents* have,
almost made that triumph of yellow .journalism, Douglas
Storyism, a venial sin.
Virginia Tercentenary.
Considerable interest has been
aroused in England by the proposal
to celebrate in this country the tercen
tenary of the founding of Virginia, th«
historical record of the date of the
turning of the first sod on the Virginia
plantations being May 13, 1607. It was
the first British colony on the Ameri
can continent, and there is probably
no portion of the United States -where
more numerous representatives are to
be found this day of old English fami
lies, the younger sons of which came
over during the reign of King James,
in the train of Christopher Newport,
after whom so many towns and cities
have been named. It is on this ac
count that Virginia enjoys in a very
special degree the sympathy and the
good will of the English people, and
especially of the British aristocracy,
and under the circumstances the pro
ject of holding a world's fair at Nor
folk, Va., the busy and prosperous city
at the mouth of the Elizabeth River, is
likely to receive a very friendly re
sponse from the old country.
War Correspondents.
nr soix>mox neili- sheiudan*.
<rhi!;tpin« War Oorr»spcndent New T^rk
• II»r*M.t
««"9Oyx:«tit. 1SWM. by Josef* "•• Dow>«.)
The man behind the gun fights the
battle in these days of long-range arms
of precision. The tnan at the end of the
cable te!!s the v/crlcl about it. And his
task is a!togpth*T as strenuous as that
of the other. The war correspondent,
in fact, nuts the glory of the soldier
and the Fai-or on record. He makes
It imperishable. Ho makes history, as
the people of his day and of a future
day read :'.. And he works for small
flory, and no pension at the end of his
service.
Perhaps it is proof of the innate s?nse
of justice of the American reading pub
lic that it is as much interested almost
in the i>e rsonality and in the field trials
of the eorreF;v'rj(lPnt as in those of the
generals and admirals who hold the
center of the ?tcge. Almost, but not
altogether. This I.« an interest, of
course, that is not catered to by the
conscientious <orroepondent in the dis
charge of hi? duty. The correspondent,
intent upon his work, never puts him
srlf in the limelight— although the busi
ness office of the newspaper sending
him to the front does sometimes, when
he is a man who has made a big repu
tation. The correspondent is too busy
throwing the limelight upon other peo-
And his task has elements of heart
breaking in ic Get one of the tribe to
talk to you after a campaign, as some
of them will talk when the mood is on,
and you v.ill perhaps be' astonished to
Ifarn that the life they lead is as peril
ous as the soldier's life, and as ardu
ous as the life of th<» lowest soldier in
the ranks. Thore is nothing in the '
world more arduous* than that.
To begin with, th«» war correspondent
is not, as a rule, selected by the editor
of a great newspaper from the bright
young men of his staff and sent to the
front et a good salary and all expenses
paid as a ste;i in advance in his pro
fession and a kind of reward for faith
ful service to his newspaper. That is
sometimes done, but more often it is
not. It is not always even men who
have graduated out of the ranks of the
working newspaper men v.ho go to the
front. The element of lurk enters into
the thing largely. I have known a
small diplomat who chanced to be on
the scene at the outbreak of hostilities
to become a great war correspondent, j
I have known private soldiers- In the
ranks of the American army to gradu
ate into it. It often happens that local
correspondents of big newspapers find
their opportunity by being on the spot.
But a very large clan of the special
correspondents are those men who,
with the news instinct and some news
paper training perhaps, find them
selves at the outbreak of war with in
dependent means and a thirst for an
adventurous career. The career of
the special correspondent is adventur
ous. The man at the theater of a
great or a little war, free to go and
come as he lik«^s and not held in disci
pline as the soldiers? are, must meet
adventures. He cannot hel? it. Ad
ventures are always going about there
looking for a chance lo be met
.A man of thia class, ambitious to
go to the Fcene of war as the repre
sentative of a newspaper finds it not
difficult, in the beginning, to secure
credentials. If he is a man of known
rtandlng. He finds It easier the more
often he goes to the front, naturally.
Being a bright — tan, with the trained
habit of observation, his letters and
cablegrams become steadily more val
uable and presently he becomes
known as one of the guild of war cor
respondents. Then when war breaks
out editors send for him and he makes
hie own terras. The investment he
had made of his means in the first
instance becomes profitable, yielding
him a livelihood.
Still another class embraces those
men of letters who have made a rep
utation in the field of 1'terature and
who are sent out by great journals
and great syndicates and paid high
salaries because of the value of their
names attached to newspaper articles.
Rudyard Kipling, for instance, went
to the front In South Africa in this
way. John Fox Jr. is now at the
front somewhere in Asia- Richard
Harding Davis is always at the front.
These men write high class stuff, of
course. They are not the worse re
porters because they are great. And
the investment in them pays. And yet
It may happen that Pete Smith, who
began as a police reporter and did not
get much higher until a stroke of luck
came his way. will give more vivid de
tails of a battle. His name, neverthe
less, will not command so much at
tention in black letters at the top of
a page.
Every grjeat newspaper does not
send a representative to the war, al
though every great newspaper is rep
resented in every engagement. A war
Is covered, in America at least, by the
syndicate system. One great news
paper, for instance, purposes to cover
an impending war at all points, send
ing out the best men available, and
then arranges to sell the stories of
these men to a number of newspa
pers msking; up what is called the
"syndicate." AH these papers gret the
Bame reports. Being published at
widely separated points, they, do not
interfere with each other. And all
share the expense in proportion to
their circulation, the syndicate mat
ter being sold at a fixed rate accord
ing to : the size of the 'newspaper pur
chases it It may even happen that the
a poet among us?" Yet. with this lofty
Ideal, entirely consistent with Chris
tian sentiment, the Japanese have no
really definite religious faith. A3 Sen
ator Beveridge points out in his book,
"The Russian Advance": "The Jap
anese soldier goes Into battle burning
with the thought of dying in the ser
vice of the good Mikado, dying for the
glory of the flag of the Crimson Sun"—
not for the glory of one or many gods.
THESE are the days for making politics in Congress.
No matter what may be before either house, the
discussion runs at right angles to it and is irrele
vant.. One of the late manifestations of a desire to
make small beer politics occurred in the House, when
Scott, a Republican, endeavored to counter and parry,
by saying that Mr. Cleveland had a negro to dinner
with him while President. Mr. Gilbert of Kentucky, a
Democrat, admitted the charge and declared that it was
evidence that Mr. Cleveland is a Republican. Mr. Cleve
land, somewhat satirically, but positively, denied the
charge, whereupon the Democrats applauded very effus
ively, and Scott apologized, but . sent a shot into the
opposition by saying he had been the means of getting
for Mr. Cleveland the first applause from the minority
that had greeted his name for many year?.
It looks now as though the only issue left for the
minority in this year's campaign will be what is called
the Booker Washington dinner. As far as known the
facts about it arc that Booker Washington had gone
to the White Mouse fo promote the appointment pi an
eminent Southern Democrat tq a Federal judgeship.
The President was about to go to lunch and invited
Washington to join him, in- order that the consultation
might continue. The invitation was accepted and the
Democrat was appointed. He had been the Governor of
his State and makes an able and worthy Judge.
In tlie whole affair there was no thought of social
equality, nor any other element except the securing of
an able and fearless judicial officer. But it occurred
just as the trusts were beginning their campaign against
President Roosevelt to. punish him for his fearless en
forcement of the law. Their organs in New York took
it up and proceeded to divert attention from the trusts
to the "negro question. In this they have ever since
been ably supported by their Democratic allies.
The position of a certain class is illustrated by a story
current in Washington City. A Southern gentleman met
Booker Washington there and proceeded in a florid
way to commend him and his \<"Grk, declaring him to
be the greatest man in the United States. Washington
disclaimed such ascription, and said that he was only
a humble man who had selected his duty and was try
ing to perform it, and said that there were others by
thousands, greater and more worthy than he. "Name
one, sir," insisted the Southern gentleman. "Well," said
Washington, "President Roosevelt occurs at once as an
example." "Well," said the Southerner, "I did think
that once, but when he invited you to dinner with him,
sir, I changed my mind."
It is the opposition policy to spread abroad -the idea
that the President is unsafe, adventurous, apt to involve
the country in war, and that he ought to withdraw our
outposts, let the Philippines drop, and do a lot of things
that the President of his own motion cannot do. The
Democracy, in broad outline, is divided into two camps
that may be called, respectively, the Cleveland and
Hearst camps. One of Mr. Cleveland's most highly re
spected acts was his Venezuela message, which dropped
out of a clear sky, and was a challenge to Great Britain
to war. Has President Roosevelt, by any act or intima
tion proceeding from his administration, come as near
involving us in armed conflict? We by no means mini
mize the importance of' that message. It was truculent
to the last degree, and the remarkable fact about it is
that the services of Mr. John Hay were at once enlisted
in London to break its effect and placate English opin
ion, with the result that a peaceful solution was reached
and war was averted. While all Americans may be sure
that President Roosevelt will not permit an affront to
his country to pass unnoticed, he is as safe as Mr. Cleve
land, or any of his predecessors.
As for the other camp; in 1898, Mr. Hearst was yell
ing in large letters in his several newspapers, "Nail the
flag to the Philippines; don't plant it there — nail it." He
was warning the country that it was about to be dis
graced by President McKinle}' refusing to take the isl
ands, and he printed columns of attack on the President
on that account. Indeed, Mr. Hearst in those days,
wanted the earth and the kingdoms thereof, and seemed
likely not to be contented with mere islands. Now he
says in his own newspapers that he is. the idol of the
people and the popular choice for the Presidency; and
that President Roosevelt is unsafe!
All of this continuallj- crops out in the incompetent
discussions in Congress. The Booker Washington dirf
ner is merely the text for attacking President Roose
velt because he has appointed a 'few negroes to Federal
office. But the latest use of the dinner issue has served
to reveal the fact that Mr. Cleveland went to the Demo
cratic State, of Missouri for a negro appointee, who was
assistant City Attorney under the Pemocratic municipal
government of Kansas City, and who, he says, served in
the Federal office, to which he was confirmed by the
votes of Democratic United States Senators, "with- in
telligence ;md with efficiency." , . ,
In view of this revelation and of the further fact that
Mr. Cleveland probably appointed as many negroes as
President Roosevelt has, and for the same reason, their
intelligence and efficiency, we suggest that the minority
may as well regard the incident as closed.
\ '¦'-¦ '- --• ' -•'¦ ¦-•¦' ¦' '" '
Brannigan's Nerve.
John Mitchell, ex-sergeant of the
army, scout and Indian fighter of the
early days o'f Custer, Wade and Miles,
takes care of the guns In the armory
over at the University of California- To
the chosen few whom he delights to
honor he recounts stories of the plains
which should find tti"elr way Into a book
some day. The other day he grew rem
iniscent.
"It was in *67," said he. "when I was
still an enlisted man and was with my
regiment out In Wyoming, where the
Sioux were keeping everybody on the
jump. There were fifteen of us, under
a sergeant by the name of Brannlgan.
and we had been away from the post
on a little scouting expedition and were
leturning when this Incident happened.
"We had been riding hard all day
without anything to eat. for we were
only fifteen, you know, and the Indians
were out, and in that case a man don't
stop to take anything like a course
dinner on the plain*. Well, vfe came up
lo a .little station called Cedar Creek
Just as night came on. thinking to
spend the night there. We found about
150 Rappahoe bucks camping there, too.
"Well, sir, you should have seen that
sergeant's face when he saw those Rap
pahoes. Xo sooner had we unsaddled
when about twenty of those bucks
walked o-ver to us. They were awfully
arrogant and carried ritles. Said they
to Brannigan, 'Grub.' That was all.
"And, do you know, that Brannigan
stood there and ordered us to give
them an antelope we had, all our coffee,
eow belly and crackers. We didn't have
a thing left. Then he walked up to the
chief and gave him his plug of tobacco.
Still those bucks just kind of hung
around, restless and uneasy— there were
150 of them, you remember.
"We boys grumbled some and had to
get along without anything to eat. Then
when it go*- dark we began to make
ready to turn in for the night. Bran
nigan had been getting more and more
nervous as night drew on, and when he
saw us getting out the saddle blankets
that fixed him.- "¦'">-..¦:
" 'Boys.' he said, 'we won't turn in
to-night. We will Just sit up and tell
POLITICAL SMALL BEER.
newspaper sending out the men may
make a profit by it
Having selected Its corps of corre
spondents, the newspaper heading the
syndicate assigns each to the part of
the field of hostilities he is to cover'
and then makes application to the
War Office of each belligerent power
for permission for the men assigned
to accompany its armed force to the
place of his assignment. This permis
s'.on is usually given, although not al
ways. L.ord Kitchener, for Instance,
would not tolerate the presence of war
correspondents with his force in the
Sudan campaign. In cases of that kind
tho work becomes harder, but must
still be done. If the commander of
ar.y fleet or -.v.irship does not desire
the presence of special correspondents
his Government will not force them
upon him. Every correspondent on an
American ship during the Spanish v/ar
was there by courtesy of the com
' manding officer of the ship.
Having obtained permission to ac
company the fleet or the land com
mand to which he has beon asFignr,-!,
the special correspondent is told where
to report and to whom and when. He
must give his word, on his part, to
conform to the rules of the service,
and to send nothing to his newspaper
without firm submitting it to the cen
sor, if he is with th*» army, or to the
captain of the ship he is assigned to
if he is with the navy.
So long as he observes this pledge
he is allowed to come and go as he
likes, within reasonable limits. He is
furnishes passes through the lines
upon application and he has a recog
nized status as a non-combatant. He
is in no danger, so long as he sticks
to his trade, of being shot if he falls
into the hinds of the enemy.
On the other hand he is in very
grave danger all the time, as will
readily be seen. If he is on board a
warship — where, as a matter of form,
he is generally assigned to staff duty,
so that he will find his place and go to
it quietly when the men are called to
quarters — he must, of course, share
the fortune of the ship when she goes
into action. If he is with a land force
he must get as close to the front as he
can. The front is where things hap
pen, and he is there to chronicle hap
penings. If there ever was a time
when a war correspondent could sit in
a hotel a thousand miles from the
scene of action and write a description
of a battle comfortably to be cabled
at his leisure, that time is not now.
The march of events is rapid. The
man who would see must be in the
middle of things.
After *a battle has been won or lost
the special correspondent must hurry
to the cable station to get his report
of the action filed, writing the report,
if he can. o-n the way. He has been
working all the time the "others were
fighting, but in reality his work only
begins in earnest when they leave off.
Whether the action he has seen be one
mile away from a telegraph office or
a thousand, whether he finds himself
facing a desert or a stormy sea, he
must spare neither steam nor money,
nor -man nor horseflesh to get into
touch with the home office. Of course,
he must not spare himself. If he did
he would soon find his managing edi
tor sparing him.
A great man may witness a great
action and write of It most vividly, and
yet see himself beaten by a 515 a week
local correspondent of the North China
Oazette if he be lacking in the talent to
move on the cable office at the psycho
logical moment. A successful war cor
respondent, in a word, must be always
and at all times the man who Ir on the
spot. As the spot may have a habit
of shifting over a thousand square
miles of plane surface It will be seen
that he must be well nigh ubiquitous.
Pie must be Impervious to fatigue, able
to do without sleep, careless of hun
ger, reckless of danger, yet warily alert
against it in the Interest of the news
paper that has' sent him to the front at
enormous expense. . ¦
sent of the church to become a candidate for a Senator
ship. As directly pertinent to the original inquiry this
is of more interest than the admissions of polygamy.
Ecclesiastical dictation of the political course and con
duct of citizens is insufferable under our system of
government. The church, in all forms, has its position
distinct from the state. Neither can interfere with the
legitimate functions of the other with safety to civil
President Smith makes a special plea that he had
married his five wives before the church manifesto of
1890, and did not propose to degrade them by ceasing
relations, though he admitted that such course was un
lawful. It appears then that the,church sanctions that
which the state outlaws, for he continued in the con
fidence-and achieved the headship of the church, not
withstanding his violation of the laws of the state; in
a particular which h supposed to go to the very heart
of morals and good conduct. What in another is held
socially and legally to be a vice of the most serious
character is regarded by the church as virtue and its
practice is rewarded with honors.
If Senator Smoot had confined the case to his own
qualifications the only issue would have been the exer
cise of authority by the church in the political action of
its members. This would have been a most difficult mat
ter for the Senate to decide. But he chose to impinge
upon his personal position the practices of his church, in
which he is a ruler and an apostle, and it seems clear
now that the Senate will vacate his seat, unless,- the
progress of the investigation relieve him of the situation
in which President Smith's testimon3* places him. The
whole matter acquires increasing' importance and leads
public thought back to the first Republican' national plat
form, which denounced polygamy and slavery as "the
twin relics of barbarisn*," suggesting the same treat
ment of both systems by making their eradication a
matter of Federal concern.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE , SAN: FRANqiSCQ ; :GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor ...,.....• Address All CommcniaUoas to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <3£HHi»> • Tlllrd nnd Market Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY.......... ,....................;...........,...................:.. 7T..MARCH 5./1W
THE "-'SAN. -'FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARGH '5, 1904. -,
8
Townsend's California giaco fruits and
candles. EOc a pound, in artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 71S Market St.. above Call bids.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cal-
ifornia street.' Telephone Main 1941 •The/ case of # Ernest -Alexander,
charged with extorting: a bribe from
Lulu Wilson, alias Mamie Lin. while
he was a member of , the Police De
partment, was again called in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday. Attorney
Gibson ' appea- for the defendant
and asked for a continuance owing to
the death of W. .W. Foote and the
fact that Attorney Peter. F. Dunne
would not represent the defendant. A
continuance was granted at his re
quest till March 28
AlexamT.r Case Continued.
Mrs. Eleanor "vY. Richards, who is the
plaintiff in an action to recover $500
from Dr. Henry L. Deimel, yesterday
filed an answer to his cross-complaint,
in which he charges her with abusing
his confidence while she was his house
keeper and taking: advantage of his ab
sence to use the means he provided for
her own benefit. She denies the truth
of his charges and says she was ever a
faithful employe.
Denies Dr. Beimel's Cliarsres.
Bertha Bennet, a woman of the half
world, was arrested last night and
charged with grand larceny. . W. M.
Scott of 757 Cole street alleges that
she robbed him of $2.
Arrested for . Grand Larceny.
NEW YORK, March 4.— The ¦ follow
ing Californiaris are registered here:
From San Francisco — S. C. Houghton,
at the Manhattan; A. A. Michelette
and wife, at the St. Denis; M. Copper
nail, at the Park Avenue; W. M. Alex
ander, B. W. Freer, at the Manhattan;
G. A. Starkweather Jr., at the Herald
Square.
From Los Angeles — K. K. Aylaugh,
at the Imperial; Mrs. C. Kirchoff, at
the Union Square; F. A. Swan, at the
Park Avenue.
Californians in New York.
The sister of Albert C. Cubit report
ed at the Central Police Station last
night that he has been missing for two
weeks. Cubit is a member of. the
Teamsters' Union and is about 33 years
old.
Albert Cubit Missing:.
Whether a woman take the civil and
political status of her husband under
the Chinese exclusion act will be de
termined next Monday morning by the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
in the habeas corpus proceedings on
behalf of Mrs. Chin King Sung, for
merly Miss Wooey Ho, a Chinese
woman. Three years ago she applied
for admission into the United States,
but the Chinese Bureau decided that
she was not admissible. Then she
came before the United States District
Court on habeas corpus, alleging that
she was a native of the United States.
Judge de Haven was not convinced of
the truth of the claim and ordered her
deported to China. Then she went be
fore the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals and finally to the Supreme
Court of the United States and " her
claims were rejected.
Since her last appeal was filed she
married Chin-vKing Sung, who alleges
that he is a native of this country and
that his wife is therefore entitled to
remain here with him. , .
There is every likelihood that the
woman will be permitted to remain.
dered Deported Marries Native
Son and Beats the Courts.
Chinese Woman Who Had Been Or-
STATUS OF SIRS. OHIX AS
WIFE OF AN AMERICAN
Joseph I. Landay, a prominent fur
niture manufacturer of St. Louis, is
staying at the Grand.
.'Ellwood Cooper, the well-known
olive grower of Southern California,
is registered at the Lick.
, William Thorsen of Wisconsin, who,
with a number of associates, recently
purchased the West Side L/umber Com
pany, is at the Palace.
Count de Clermont-Tonnerre of
Paris and Lieutenant K. Franz of the
Austrian army, who are" en route to
the Orient, arrived from the East last
night and are at the Palace.
Rev. Charles Smith of San Jose is
at the Palace.
Attorney George F. Buck of Stock
ton is at the Lick.
Dr. J. M. Proctor and wife of Peta
luma are at the Palace.
L. T. Garnsay, a business man of
Redondo, 1b at the California.
Adjutant General Lauck Is down
from Sacramento and registered at the
California.
T. W. Heintzelman of the Southern
Pacific Company at Sacramento is at
the Grand. ¦ .
United States Marshal H. Z. Osborne
is up from Los Angeles and staying at
the Palace.
PERSONAL.
SANTA CRU^, March 4.— The
masked highwayman who robbed
Claude Hetidrieks at Scotts Valley yes
terday operated at 10:30 this morn-
Ing on Branciforte drive within two
miles of this city by holding up H. O.
Hammond and F. R. Darjn. . Ham
mond came along with a load of wood
when the robber stepped out from the
brush, leveling a pistol and demanding
$5. Hammond said he would no.t
have the money until he sold the
wood. The robber counted one, two,
three, and Hammond saying "God
bless* you, shoot; I have no money."
The robber then lowered his pistol,
ordering him to drive on. Dann was
next held up by the robber, who se
cured a gold watch worth $135, but
Dann did not give up any' money. An
other . man then came along and
chased the highwayman, but not hav
ing a pistol could not continue the
pursuit. The officers are now looking
for the robber. They have shotguns
and if they catch sight of him there
will be trouble unless the highway
man surrenders quickly.
One Farmer Gives Chase and
Now the Footpad Is Busy
Eluding Sheriff's Posse
J'jano overture Mif>s Hay Smith
Contralto foIo. selected Ml«s I^ouise Ganey
Tenor solo. "Erin the Tear and the Smile
in Thine Eye" Professor O. I. LJenau
Soprano «olo. "Phe Ie Far From the
L*nd" MiF* Annie Roonjy
Gaelic eolo, selected M:ei« I^oretta Earr
Accomrjar.led by Mis* France* Barr.
Barytone foIo. ¦"Battle Eve of the Irish
Brigade" Professor R. E. J. Kern
Btereopticon views of Irish scenery.
unjust measure ae any on»> of the paid minions
t.f the Government?
The ¦*¦&?* work«-r th»n evidently had no
rishu in Ireland which the Government re
tpeefd. I-*t as bo thankful that we live in
the Catted .-tares of America, where all men
hav# f-quul jxjlitical rights.
Mr. Sullivan's address held the atten
tion of all his hearers and was fre
quently interrupted by prolonged ap
plaus*-. In fact, it was a most enthu
siaFtic audience and none of the par
ticipants in the entertainment escaped
without an encore. Thomas W. Hickey
recited, with admirable elocution. Em
met's address before his Judges on the
eve of his execution. The other fea
tures of the programme were as fol
lows:
Emtr.^t was a true republican. ¦ friend of
tt>» pecpl*. His associate In the attempt to
:re* his country were often of the humblest
1 ai-^°s in Ireland. He undcrftood ar><i appre
ciated the fact that all great popular move
ir>r?» fo; freedom of man spring from the
people. The Irish people were deprived of the
1 Rt.;« if !:fr. liberty, property and the pursuit
ot hipr:nefn. Kirimet believed that all people
v.rr( creatfd fr^e and equal, and that no man
ba : * right to demand of another In politics
> r '.n religion anything else but what l:e
< lainipd for himself — that the tights of one
rnai: ended where the liberty of another began.
Up believed as w> believe and as the declara
«icri of rights of America set* forth that all
ptntrnment rc?tf on the consent of the gov
«-rn«-d. The notorious Norbury and Plunkett,
ft Ing for the Government in the trial of Em
met. charged him with criminal Intent In «•>
s-oc'.atlng in his enterprise the bricklayer.
liaker, oM clcthe* man. the hodman and the
bottler. This %vat a grt-at crime Indeed. Did
they rot poaMM the Fame right of serving
their native land a« Plunkett or any other
inember of tho Government? Were they not
• apalile of demanaing JuFt laws and retiming
Irish flags, Irish songs, Irish elo
quence and a great audience of stal
wart Irish -Americans combined to
make a brilliant success of the cele
bration of the one hundred and twenty
sixth anniversary of the birth of the
Irish patriot, Robert Emmet, held last
t-vening by the Knights of the Red
Branch in Native Sons' Hall. The
sneetin^ was opened" by James Caniffe.
liie chairman, with a Khort address, in
.which he referred to the current war
n the Orient and declared that "all
irue Irishmen pray for the success of
'Russia, which has always been the en
emy of England and the friend of both
America and Ireland." Mr. Canlffe's
statement was greeted with cheers
mingled with sc-me hisses.
The leading feature of the evening
an address by Park Commissioner
Frank J. Sullivan, who discussed Em
rset'l career at length and in eulogistic
periods. Emmet, he declared, was the
f.ower of Irish nationality and the pa
triot's death was ascribed as a sacri
fice to the panic of Englishmen who
were dreading an invasion by Xapo
'eon. "Why does Emmet's glory grow
jrreater year by yrar? Why are we
< e'.ebratini? his memory here on the
Pacific Coast a century after his
death?" the orator asked, and answered
the question by saying that Emmet
was, first, an orator with a divine gift
< f earnestness and a mission of truth
10 men; second, a high minded patriot,
and ihird. a friend of the people.
A MAX VOll THE PEOPI.C
On the subject of Emmet's attitude
toward the people of Ireland Mr. Sulli
van said:
Chairman Caniffe Declares
All True Irishmen Desire
Russia's Success in War
There was a lady in the case. ':'.;
Captain Cassan's affections -were cen
tered upon a young woman, who .evi
dently reciprocated? in kind until about
a week ago, when he returned from a
bay voyage to find that during his ab
sence she had married Cameron* and
none to housekeeping with him on Mis
sion street. The Jilted skipper hastened
to the domicile of the honeymooners
and created a violent* scene with Mrs.
Cameron, which resulted in his expul
sion by Mr. Cameron. Then he sought
Kplace in strong waters, but they only
accentuated his heartburning:, and a
second time he visited the home of the
Charles Cassan proudly informed all
whom it might concern In Judge Mo
gan's court that he was "master of the
scow schooner George Washington,"
but found that his announcement did
not in, the least condone the offense of
which he was accused by a common la
borer named John Cameron.
Fennuckkie Barnardo informed Judge
Mogan that he was unable to restrain
the Impetuosity of the horse he was ac
cused of driving at a ten-mile-an-hour
gait on traffic-congested Market street,
between Third and Fourth. The horse
was of rural birth and breeding, he ex
plained, and the clanging of the gongs
on street cars scared him so that he
hastened to get away from the noise.
"I can't accept your excuse," said
his Honor, "because you had no busi
ness to plunge a country horse into the
midst of a city's din without having
previously . tested the animal's ability
to withstand the racket. As you were
speeding at the rate of ten miles an
hour, I fine you $10— or Jl a mile."
Albert G. Foss and Robert O. Mc-
Vey, Eoldlers, were before Judge Fritz
on a charge of assaulting with a deadly
weapon a fisherman named A. Landari
at 12:30 o'clock yesterday morning at
Pacific and Sansome streets. Landari
testified that the two men jostled him
as he was passing them", and when he
protested McVey grabbed and held hl3
arms while Foss plunged a pocket
knife into his back, making a deep
wound. The soldiers were arrested by
Policemen Holmes and Skain. The case
was continued till next Monday.
Charles Spofford appeared in the
court of Conlan to prosecute the as
sault charge entered against Joe Mul
loney, a restaurant waiter, and the
damaged apoearance of Mr. Spof
ford's face corroborated his com
plaint. He testified that Mulloney
brought him a beefsteak so diminu
tive that he felt justified in demand
ing a larger one and that thereupon
the waiter smashed his countenance.
The case was continued.
Charles Belmont, another ¦waiter,
was before Cabaniss on a charge of
assaulting John Kiser, chief cook in
a Montgomery-street restaurant. Ki
ser informed the court that Belmont
delivered his orders to the kitchen in
a way that was unintelligible to the
cooks and that consequently some
very annoying mistakes were made.
For instance, when a customer or
dered a rib steak Belmont entered the
culinary department and yelled "Gim
me a ribber," and when Kiser inter
preted the order as "liver" and ac
cordingly cooked liver, Belmont waxed
angry and cast a cup of hot coffee In
his face. Belmont was fined $20.
» • •
"Every morn you bring me violets,"
hummed Judge Mogan when Clerk
Gray informed him that among the
names on his morning docket were
those of Violet Carter, accused of
theft, and* Violet Johnson, charged
with vagrancy. "Where were these
Violets culled — or, I might better say
pulled?"
"On the Barbary Coast," was the
clerk's reply.
"'Ah, soil and atmosphere may ex
plain their total lack of fragrance, to
say nothing of the wilted appearance
of Miss Johnson."
Neither of the Violets was ready
for trial and both cases were contin
ued.
"You prefer to punish those who
are dependent upon you for support,
I suppose? Well,' you must provide
for them. I will continue this casa
until next Tuesday and allow you lib
erty during the interim, so that you
can either earn or borrow enough
money to provide your family with
life's necessaries. And for your own
Fake you would do well to hustle."
"Why don't you borrow enough
money to keep your wife and children
from starving until you obtain a job?'*
"I don't like to borrow."
Another instance of helpless child
hood suffering through parental nep
lect was unfolded by the testimony
apainst Bernard Hardy, a stalwart l"el
low, who had been arrested for fail
ure to provide for his invalid wife and
two little ones. He said lie had been
captain of a tugboat, but lost his po
sition because the odor of oil in the
pilot house affected his liver and in
capacitated him for work and for
some time he has been without funds
or employment.
"Why don't you try some other oc
cupation?" inquired the court. "You
appear big and strong enough to per
form any kind of manual labor."
"I can't get a job," was the reply.
• « *
Wandering aimlessly along the San
Bruno road, while the rain fell heav
ily upon them, three-year-old Olive
Fenton and her intoxicated mother
were met by a policeman night before
last He took them to the City Pris
on, where the little one was consigned
to the care of the matron and the be
draggled parent placed in a cell.
The woman was a pitiable figure as
she stood before Judge Mogan yester
day and incoherently told as much as
she wanted to tell concerning hersoif.
At first she refused to talk at all, but
Fharp questioning by the Judge elicit
ed the information that she Is the wifr»
of George Fenton and dwells at 32 2 Mi
Bryant street. She either could not
or would not explain, how she and the
child had been found so far awav
from their home, nor would she dis
close where she became inebriated.
Her reticence was such that the Judge
ordered her held in custody until her
husband can be brought to court and
made to testify.
In the court of Cabaniss yesterday
the young fellow gave his name as
Martin Urich, and it was proven that
the boat in which he was caught had
beer, stolen from the schooner Cham
pion. He was sentenced to four months'
imprisonment.
Customs Officer William Harrington
was on watch last Thursday night at
the Pacific -Mail dock, when he saw a
young man in a boat whose actions
aroused his suspicion. The youth at
tempted to beard a big steamship by
climbing over her stern, when the
watchman inquired why he had adopt
ed that extraordinary means of get
ting aboard, and the answer was so
unsatisfactory that the youth was
commanded to row ashore. Instead of
obeying, however, he started rowing
with might and main for open water,
and then the watchman opened lire
at him with a revolver and the fugitive
surrendered.
• • •
From other sources, however, it was
ascertained that the attack upon Miss
Alberts was provoked in some unex
plained way by the attentions she re
ceived from the impresario of the es
tablishment, James Hallett.
, Before the case is finished there is
likely to be startling disclosures of the
unseen life behind the scenes of Mr.
Hallett's subterranean home of the
drama.
Marie Alberts, who stated that she
is an actress, was the complaining:
witness against Tillie King and Lola
Hallett, also self-alleged Thespians,
when they were conveyed before Mo
gan to answer a charge of assault and
battery. Miss Alberts deposed that so
grievous were the injuries inflicted
upon her by the defendants that she
was unable to leave her apartment for
four days. The assault, she explained,
was entirely unprovoked and took
place in the theater in which she and
her assailants were employed. When
she stated that the playhouse in ques
tion occupies a basement at Kearny
and Jackson street there was a pal
pable sagging of the interest which the
chairwarmers had manifested in the
case.
? • •
Throughout the testimony in the
case of robbery against several women
inmates of a Stockton-street room
ing-house there were so many allu
sions to one Irene that at last Judge
Mogan asked for a description of the
mysterious female. "She is a blonde
lady with a red dress," was the most
complete aid to her identification that
could be obtained.
Yet the elusive Irene was, according
to all the evidence, most active in the
robbery of a soldier named Carter
of about $40. It was sworn that Irene
drugged his beer with cigarette ashes,
stole his money as he lay in a stupor
and left him in her apartment while
she fled to parts which the police have
since been unable to discover. The
most garrulous witness was a- young
man named Charles Clealj who served
as clerk of the house, and when he
told of the solicitude with which he
attended to Carter's comfort before
and after the theft even Bailiff Hickey
was affected.
The hearing will be resumed next
Monday.
The charges against M. T. Tacanda
was pressed by Mr. and Mrs. Slmoles,
who own a water front lodging-house
with saloon attachment, and they tea-'
tifled that the defendant owed them
room rent for two months, which he
refused to pay, and that he added in
sult to injury by frequenting the sa
loons and taunting them with inability
to make him pay. A troop of ordinary
and able seamen and apprentices and
a few landlubbers corroborated the
testimony adduced by the Simoles and
the defendant had no logical excuse to
offer for his conduct. He will be sen
tenced to-day.
When the case of M. T. Tacanda
was called in Mogan's court a sturdy
young fellow emerged from the cage
with nautical swing and a number of
men in sailor togs advanced from
without the rail to the section reserved
for witnesses.
From the thriving city of Great Falls,
Mont., came W. R. Getz to inspect the
San Francisco sights, and to properly
prepare his vision for the task he im
bibed until he was Intoxicated. Then he
saw the Interior of the City Prison, and
yesterday morning he had a close view
of Judge Mogan.
. "Why, you are still drunk!" ex
claimed his Honor, as Mr. Getz vainly
tried to stand erect before the bar of
justice.
'"Tain't drink (hie) 'tish gout,"
hiccoughed the defendant. "I'm jush
full of gout."
"You're full of whisky," said the
Judge, "and you must go back to Jail
till you're sober. A good sleep and
twenty-four hours' total abstinence
from whisky is an infallible cure for
the sort of gout that you've, got."
Mr. Getz ambled from the Judicial
presence.
Camerons and uttered ' threats and
other Improper language. Again did
Cameron attempt to eject him, but this
time there was a scrimmage, in which
the punishment was about equally di
vided. , Then the husband had the old
salt arrested.
When the defendant was remanded to
custody to await further evidence in
the case he dramatically protested, and
demanded to know what . was to be
come of the George Washington while
he languished in prison. The court
wearily replied that the good scow
schooner cut no figure in the case, and
to the best of his knowledge and belief
she would be compelled to take care of
herself until her master is at liberty to
resume command.
MUSIC AND ELOQUENCE
MEETS THE-' WRONG 3IAN
Santa Cruz Highwayman
Spends Half a Day on One
Eoad With Little Success
On Sunday ifevening Miss Nannette
Reiss, daughter of Mrs. Isaac Reiss of
1516 Post street, will become the bride
of H. Morgenthau. Miss Reiss is a
charming young woman and exception
ally popular in her social set. The wed
ding will be celebrated rather quietly.
• • . •
Arrangements for the Doctor's
Daughters' horse show are growing
apace, and Interest in the affair it de
veloping with leaps and bounds. The
show "will ' be held In the riding school
at the park, and will easily distance
anything yet done by the clever Daugh
ters. Mrs. Ferdinand Stephenson. Miss
Mabel Hogg, Miss Florence Callaghan
and Miss Lucie King will be conspicu
ous among those "first over the
fences," as they are all splendid horse
women. ¦
Kiiights of the Red Branch
Celebrate Anniversary of
the Irish Patriot's Birth
Police Judge Mogan Hears Two Stories
of Cruelty in Which Young Children
Are the Victims — Advice to a Father
KEEP EMMET'S
MEMORY GREEN
BOLD ROBBER
STOPS THREE
HORSE SHOW
TO SURPASS
PAST EFFORTS
HELPLESS LITTLE ONES
NEGLECTED BY PARENTS
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SATURDAY, MARCH 5,. 1904.
9
—5 — : •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Look at the Brand I
Walter Bakers
Cocoa and
Chocolate
Th3 FINEST in the World '
Costs Less than One Cent a Cup
Forty Highest Awards in Europe
. and America
Walter Baker&Co.Ltd.
EstabHsherj 1780 Dorchester, Mass.
Palarp D °N' T fail to
I aiaWW iee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flfifl roam, the EMPIRE
ttUU PARLOR, the
r J - ' PALM ROOM, the
linifld LOUIS XV, PAR.
UlUllU LoRf and the LA-
a : j i DIES' WRITING
Hotels ro °m.
POSTUM CEEEAL.
A Steady Slugger
Coffee
works
in ways people
fail to understand.
With man} r persons it sets up
stomach disease and directly con-
. gests the liver, thus causing yel-
low skin, bad breath, constipation
and extreme nervousness and fre-
quently heart trouble.
One can find out exactly how
much coffee has to do with bad
feeling and sickness, by leaving it
off entirely for io days. Drink
Fostum (well made) in its place!
and note the change in feeling.
That's an easy way to fix the guilt
on the "fellow" that is silently and
in £. most stealthy manner doing
deadly work. • "
If health .and the ability to "do j
things" are worth anything at all
it certainly is worth such a test,
attended by no inconvenience '
.whatever, on the contrary one '
•feels better from the beginning.
It ma) solve ypur problem.
AMTJgEMENTS.
if* ft I 1 1 SMS O I A SA * FRASCISCO'J
vUkUfwiDIM uadiso warn
...MATINEE TO-DAY...
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES.
DBNMAN THOMPSON
(HIMSELF) in the great rural drama. THE
OLD HOMESTEAD
BEOIHNING NEXT MONDAY.
' First Time Here of THE
SILVER SLIPPER.
LATEST MUSICAL COMEDY.
By the Authors of "Florodora."
SEATS WOW BEADY.
VALUABLE VAUDEVILLE
...NIRVANA...
And Her Statue Horse "Loki"; Cnrlin
and Otto; Al. Anderson and Bill
Brlggs, and Orpheum Motion I'io-
turcs.
Last times of fTLSOX.AND ER-
ROL; Glrard and Gardner; George
\V. Day. and Morris and Bowen.
Regular Matine»« every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c, 25c
and 50c. '
CALIFORNIA
jgS LAST TIME TO-NIGHT. 83)
A. Herne's Beautiful Comedy,
I SAG
I HARBOR
¦ Matinee To-day — Reception to AMY
H HAMLIN on stage after performance.
B To-morrow — The Eminent Actor,
DANIEL SULLY, in
"THE CHIEF JUSTICE."
BBy Fitzgerald Murphy. , , ¦
— »imihiiiiih iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiir
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS. J
FRANK BACON
le HILLS OF CALIFORNIA
POPULAR PRICES.
MARCH .aist—MRS. FISKE
MARY QFMAQDALA
Sale or Seats Begins Monday. March 14.
TIV0LISS5&
MAT1HM TO-DAY AT S:15.
UNEQUIVOCALLY INDORSED
by the ENTIRE PRESS t •
Magnificent Revival of Johann Strauss' Mas-
terpiece,
THE GYPSY BARON
, A Romantic Opera in Three Acts.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN ENGLISH OF
SIC DOMENICO RUSSO
" ¦¦ ' The Favorite Tenor. '
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
' • Next— MR. PICKWICK, f .
Usual Popular Prices...... 23c. 50c and 75o
Box Seats......:....-..- ..tt.00
ASTHMA CURED
To stay cured. Health restored. Attacks never
return. Write . for Book 60. tree to any.
Asthma or Hay Fever sufferer.
Address P. HAROLD hivks. Buffalo. H. T.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦a
[The... |
I Scotchman f
j IS GROWINfi FAST [
J He will be in full bloom J
I J on March 12th. ¦
: US ' ¦ — —— ' IB
b Dont' forget £
a to attend the ¦
I BIG OPENING [
| MARCH 12th. |
S He is the largest Scotch- S
3 man in the world. §
f 1009 MARKET |
a ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
A T 1~* AT A T1 Belasc «> * Mayer.
ALCAZAR £sess!
_____ General Manager.
TO-NXQHT-*Mats. To-Day and Sna.
Charming R#j j Q Q
Incl°oT IfflaUU Anni«
Jerome X. i|AI*f**V <*****•*
~ HOBBS 8Mc '
Kvg*.. 25c to 75c. Mats.. Sat. & Sun., 25c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY — The Comedy of the Tyrol
?S E WHITE HORSE, TAVERN
Monday. March 14, FAKSIFAL.
Seat Sale Next Monday — Special Prices.
No one seated ut Parsifal after 8 u. m.
i Market Street. Near Eighth.. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
' The Sensational Eastern Success,
A BREAK f OR LIBERTY
¦ Founded on the Famous Pittsburg Tragedy of.
| the Blddle Brothers. j
[ Magnificent Scenery! Novel Mechanical Effects!
UDirCC Evenings...:. .......10c to 50c
rnIWC3 Matinees.. ...10c. 15c. 25c
MONDAY NIGHT. March 7,
The Everlasting Favorite,
RIP VAN WINKLE
Racing !p6l^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
. NEW- CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Racing Each Week Day, Rain or.Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. aharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
6. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:30.
1 :Co, 1 :30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
escorts. . . . - '•¦ ; . ¦ . ¦
Returning ,' train* leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS* President.
PERCY : W. TREAT. Secretary.
COURSING PARK.
96DOG
Open Stake.
Saturday and Sunday,
March 5 and 6.
Coursing will besln at H:30 Saturday «nd
It a. in. Sunday.
TOTAL PRIZES $1000
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which tco direct to the dark.
THOMAS TIERNET. Judre.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. SUpp«r.
It means somethinc to see a perfect comedy.
One that la filled with delightful music.
That >s juat what's the matter with
"ROLY POLY"
This is the closing week, and to-day an4
to-morrow the laat and
Farewell Appearance of
.-...K0I.B AND DH.I.......
Hear "RAMOXA" and "DORA." Son* HIUi
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Next Monday Xisht
"T2E ROUND E5tS"...-.
The Great New York Casino Success.
First appearance of RICHARD T. CARROUi
and JOHN P. KENNEDY.
KELLY AWTVIOLETTE
......AHD A GREAT SSOW™..
Every Afternoon and Evenlnsr tn t&«
Seated Theater.
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIES IN THB
INFANT INCUBATORS.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO,
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Take a Trio Down the Flume.
Admission. 10c; children. 5c.
When Phoning. Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMTTSEUBNTflL
HAROLD BAUER
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Last Concert This Afiarnoon at 3 O'Ctaci
LYRIC HALL
SEATS AT SHERMAN. CLAY * CO/8.
$2. $1 50 and $1.
HOMES SAVEXPOST, March. 10 and IS.
SRAND OPENING PICNIC
— or—
WHTT-r. KOQIS PAKX.....
SUNDAY. MARCH «. 1904.
BOWLINO AND SHOOTINO FOR CASH
PRIZES.
Sinking by Several Singla? Societies. ;
D.vNClNG IN TWO PAVIL10N3.
ADMISSION FIFTY CENTS— LADIES FREE.
EXCURSION TO NAPA
On Steamer ST. HEIJINA.
Leaves Washlngton-st. Wharf. Pier 3, at 10
a. m.. SUNDAY, March 6. Th« tide being
right. It will Rive us two good hours' stop at
Napa. Round trip 50 cents. Good music. Re-
freshments on board.
Weekly Call $1 per Year
I The Policy of This Store Has Not Changed. The
Usual Courtesies Will Continue.
FOR. TO-DAY
Noteworthy Specials in Men's and
Boys' Clothing
EVER mindful of the requirements of men and boys, we have
arranged our new spring stock to fjive the best values possi-
ble. To-day every new style and color of garment -made in
the East will be shown at this sale. It will be advisable to take
advantage of the low prices to save money. »
For Men
An opportunity seldom given to obtain up-to-date clothing at
prices that are right. .^ |
$0.98 — The styles are this season's newest and the materials
are all pure worsteds in neat stripes and fancy mixtures, Scotch ii
cheviots and homespuns in plaids, overplaids and stripe effects, 5
blue serges, black and grav worsteds. They come single or dou- |
ble breasted. These garments are lined with the best serge and
Italian cloth linings, have hair cloth- fronts and the best English
shrunk canvas interlinings. They are sold regularly at $12.50,
$13.50 and $15.00. Overcoat*
99.98 — Your choice of several lines of covert cloth and fancy
cheviot top coats, medium length box coats and three shades of
Priestley's cravenette overcoats, cut 52 inches long. These gar-
ments are all tailored in first-class style, hang gracefully and are I
a perfect fit. The linings are of the best serge and all have Skin-
ner satin sleeve linings. Worth $12.50 and $13.50. \
Trousers , I
$2.98 — 500 pairs of men's genuine Lester worsted trousers; |
all new and up-to-date patterns in 20 different styles. These trou-
sers have the best linings and pocketing, are all silk sewed and
warranted to be thoroughly shrunk, so that they will keep their
shape. They sell regularly at $4.00 a pair, but for the balance of
the week you can secure these at $2.98.
For Boys
HUNDREDS of bargain chances to outfit the youngsters in
the swellqst of new spring clothing.
Suits »
$2.45 — Two-piece new spring suits in 10 pretty patterns: ages
8 to 15 years. These suits were selected with great care and are
worth 75c or $1.00 more than price quoted.
Sailors ~in all-wool navy blue cheviots; ages 3 to 10 years.
These suits were bousrht to sell for $3.50. Special for few days only!
Sailor Norfolks in navy blue cheviots. Ages 3 to 8. Excellent values.
Washable Suits
49c— Washable suits in pretty colors. These are rare values.
We bought the lot at low price and can afford to sell them at a
low price. 5
75c, fl.OO and 9 1.5O— Washable suits in about 100 differ- '
ent patterns to make selection from.
91.25— Khaki suits, made of Government khaki material-
neatly trimmed and perfect fitting, with long trousers. Ages 3 to
12 years.
II ALH'AYS RELIABLE ! j£S
I MARKET ST..&I, |
? — . .. • • r ''" ¦'.'.' ¦ '¦ Matches. .'.' Goals: ~
¦• ' '< "' -' — '— - a
¦¦ ' ' --o ¦¦ *• ' i. 1^ i! c c "fl >•
.^clubs. .; %¦£& f,:|, »=.:•¦¦
¦¦¦ - . ¦ -^- '"¦ t^\ <* I I a*--' : '~ .
-.,' y- : -".<-. *¦¦•.-•¦ - \k' i^; : : j_ ; i '¦'}'':] '.•¦'
Thistl>s, ...;..|10! I>|... 1*35 3|To
(Vampires ........... 12 S ;'2 2 31 ;S18J
lrtdep?ndents: ...:,.. n '7 -3 1 35 "12 15 J
Albion Rovers 12 •• 4 « ' 2 : l«>-23 "10 1
Ocoldentaln. .... .....},12 :.'. -6L. 6..12-42 -«!
Oakland Hornets. . . . JH ¦ 1 • 6 : 2 < {> -20 ' 4
Pickwicks' ........*... J, 10|: 1 .- -7| 'i2 '12 42 '4
, The'. Vampires played'a practice game |
last'- Sunday, at ;¦; Alameda and held a
rneeting afterward." Several of , 'the men
connected with' the Vampires^ have -leff
or; are -about to leave ., California^; ;Kay |
return a ', to ¦ ¦Englandr» Sho well : sails * on
the steamer Mariposa to Tahitilarid
Huff erdirie, , the ; trainer, formerly '" as
sistant trainer at ;the University". of . Cal- "
if prriia, 'returned - to 5 England ' on "- Tues--
PRESIDIO A.YD ALUMNI
XINES IX RETURN' GAME
Crack Amateur Ball Tossers Will Line
KUp for Action This Afternoon
at 2:30 O'clock.
The champion Presidio baseball team
will line up against the BerkeJey-Stan-
Tord Alumni nine in a return game at
the Presidio grounds this afternoon at
!:20 O'clock. % Thc last. meeting of the
:rack ball tossers was a Warm one, the
soldiers winning. out by a great rally
In the eleventh inning by a score of
I to 3. The, college men hope to wipe
out their defeat and will put a strong
icam in the field. Parker, formerly of
Stanford, will do the twisting for them,
and Hatch, the former Berkeley back-
Ftop, is to play behind the bat. "For-
Byth and Conrad, the reliable soldier
battery, will appear in the points for,
*he boys in blue. Following is the line
"P-" - . •'.'.
J J rcs'dio. ' Pozlttons. Berkeley-Stan
t.'onrad:.: Catcher Hatch
roreyth... ¦....:.. Pitcher Parker
HalUban First base Cowden
T>oux!a«a 6erond baee ...'.. Elston
Oasnon.- TTiird base McKay
Jauslr*. KbTtstop Walters
Ijan-.b.. Left Field Mor«e
rareersa Center Field. ........ Hamlla
Cu«ack. Field :...Ep«nccr
Winter Is Sentenced.
Arthur 71'.. Winter was sentenced
yesterday 'to,, serve •; one - year . In' Fol
6om> penitentiary. .-. On December '20
lie attempted to hold up .Henry Ellis
at:;SacramentO'arid East streets and
was^captured by: Deputy- Sheriff John
Holland.- > -¦ .• ; ¦ ' V riV« ;
ship~ v and, having 18 points,' are u certain
df 'second -place. The ..¦Independents
hajVeV one, league match to ¦ play,^th?
ThlstJeSfand Pickwicks have two apiece
arid the? Oakland Hornets \ have," three
yet'.'unplayed.;. TheVstanding-;of the
clubs for the ( champiorisfcfip ; of ..the
league is;shov;n in the table:..'- : ,. \ '
CALIFORNIA- ASSOCIATION- FOOTBALL
~ 'LEAGUE. MARCH.iS.UaW. -; >.,. .¦
on it should be plain sailing for the col
lege team. The Murdock brothers. Ala
fineda's best team, and Griffin and Gard
ner of San Francisco are rfbout the only
other teams that have a chance. Tony
Murdock Is in poor form and it Is not
expected he will give his brother good
enough support to win. Griffin and
Gardner play a fair game, but are rath
er outclassed by men like Variel and
MacGavin.
Play in both singles and doubles will
be resumed this afternoon on the East
Oakland courts, and If possible both
events will be finished to-morrow.
The tournament committee makes the
following announcement: The semi
finals in singles will be called at 11 a.
m. Sunday: finals at 2:S0 p. m. Play in
doubles will be resumed on Sunday.
Matches for same will be called at 10
o'clock. Any teams not present when
their matches are called will be de
faulted. The consolation singles will
start on Sunday at 9 o'clock. Drawings
will be held this afternoon. Any team
present this .afternoon will be called
upon to play in the doubles.
The handicap doubles tourney sched
uled to be played on the California
Club courts on February 22 -will be
played to-morrow. Ten teams have al
ready entered, and several more will
enter to-day. Some of the prominent
learns already entered are C. Smith and
F*. Mitchell. Ray Cornell and R. T.
Crawford, H. Schmidt and, H. Rolfe. A.
W. Worthington and W". F. Bull, Dr.
Hill and Win Allen and Bradley Wal
lace and Sidney Smith.
The Golden Gate Club will finish the
fourth class to-day and commence the
third. The other two classes will be
played a week later.
Help Stcclheads Over Dam.
; The high writers caused by the ' re
cent trains have destroyed the. fish lad
der on { Pariermill dam 'above ; Sequel,
Santa, Cruz County, "so 'the Fishi- Co'm
migsioner,s; have . sent two' deputies 'to
Ae. scene, with a net to take the steel
headsbelqw, the obstruction and release
them jn the waters above.. In this man
ner 500, fish 'hay,e been i helped on their
way to; the spawning grounds within
the last two days. ; ; ;,. ,..'¦ 'I '.---'.
Lovers of association football will
have the opportunity of witnessing two
games on the Presidio Athletic Grounds
in this city to-n\orro\y. „ At*l .p, m. the
Thistles will play the . match against
the Oakland Hornets*in,the champion
ship series . of the California ; Associa
tion Football League postponed fro?n
January 17. . •. . . '.
Early in the week it was rumored
that the Oakland Hornets, having been
beaten on Sunday by the Occidental
eleven lnthe opening. round of matchoi
for the California- Association l Footb&ll
Union cup, would drop ' out of ' tth":
league contests and play." on. Saturday
afternoons ortly until the opening of
the 1904-5 season. . :'-\ '¦'. " » , t .:
Though the Hornets have had in'thcir
ranks some of the strongest: and most
brilliant players " in • California, , as
"Percy" Chambers, the captain; Alex
ander and Shand-as -forwards,- Hunter
and Bird in the halfback line a.nd "Wil
liamson as goalkeeper," they "have.' nbt
developed combination work, -and con
sequently have made but ' littte ; s'hoxv
as a team. The club* has-, flfty : nine
members • and - forty-nine -.• registered
players, a larger number-thaniahy club
in the California. League. .T.eUscf Jttt.le
club spirit has ; been . developed-, ithat
the Hornets liave'gone 5 on;t6 .the'rield
with only seven^ or -eight , players' in
some of the league'matcjieg;: 'The club,
however, will put a'- team jht'c ] the fleid
to-morrow. The two ; elevens i -.\vill\ line
up in. the following 'positions: '1^ ',.•/...
¦ Thistlee. ' Positfcns.. MOiakland Hornets.-.
Lowe ...:.. G6a4keepcr:C. ,Y. AVilllkihsSn
Tierney '..'. Ueft Back. , . . '. '. :\ . .sMCrrlsqn
Forre*t . : .Rifcht ba«k . V . '. .'.'.. : .Holland
Taylor .- Left hairbackr/.'. . :.'..Mc)C«y
Duncan Ofnter hilfba»k>. . .;. . .Hijll
McGregor Rlitht halfback:.. .". .\ .".
A. Dlsher Outride - Jeft.r. .', . .-.'Boamore
T. Disher: . . » Ihsld* .left. ... : . . :'. JdtcKenitie
T. H. L;. don Center forward . .•.¦.';.'. .Shand
J. Smith.... Insld* right. : . j. V<;MeArthur
R. D!;h«?r Outside: right:: ..'.'.' .v.Cowell
A. \\V wilding; of 'the ?•y^mpireVrwHl
be the referee df 'the 'Thiki^-HtTrn^t
match.- ." .'•.!•..,;.. f'Uii,^*. \\< ••*' >'¦'. ' '
At 3 p. m. on the ; Presidio,, Athletic
Gr.ounds . the IbalJ ' will/be :,' kicked 'off
in the match*,between. the 'tndependehts'
ahd the' Vampires fpf" I he .California
AEsdpiktion ; Fool iball< Union v cli^.' ]' Ar
thur Robinson ,'will''bp''thic: refetee, 4nd
the Hnemen'Xvill b"e l^ofniAn'' Logan-' arid
C. W."< Irish. Airth, the^ Variipire \ gbil-,
keeper.' having been >¦ injured r.tooj se
riously io play again; during, the pres
ent seasori , .'Rolf e will take f charge I of
the goal. . Theiteams'wiil line" up ift. the
following positions':^, ,-'¦-':,''¦ •', . . j.C- !"-.
' Independents.** '*"rcsHion»i. : ;' * •¦^VampU-ep.' 4 ? "
Torhfi. . .i. . t .;.... Goalk^p^t, ~7:'.\ . .1 '. . t :".ItOUe
Lynch ..:;...... .;I^ef t bftck . : '. .... V. -.'. Pj»tf isen
Armstrong; ...... night ba«tfr.;"*:.'..;':.,Theb«rie
Duncanson. . . .".'. ..L^ft- halfback,';.; ."'.-HflrwoOd
Meche^s. . . ¦. : . .\ . . Center . halfback . . .';.. .Turner
Q\v<ns. ., .V ...... v .R!^ht halfback'. . ; . ,.GIartie,r
rtusseli . . ; Outside v left. .'. . ..T. .V;". L'e^s
E. Fay Inside .left... ..... ."..'.., -.Kay
T. Vay. : .".-. ...-.;, Oenter' forward ; .. . .-. WUdinR
Elli». .'..'. .:..'.. .-; Tnstde ¦'¦ rlBt>£>. ; : ;.v. .fihoweU
Noian . .\ . .*. '. . . . . .Outside right . . . . : . ; . : Biichly
'Tne'Thlstles^arecertain^bfVth'eVfeaf
est f nuriiber ;of jp'oints - in ; the Tcontest
for.>the;Callfornia;AftsociatipnlF6atball
League ,'champi6h^hip. Had Ih'de'
pendents, won : their • last- two 'Jriiatthes
in the leriesi and ; had \ the .Thistles! lost
their 'last ; 'iw6,,"th€ i
the* Thistles" -would- hayeitied ; with; 19
points; .but the. Independents,' having
been .beaten Jast' Sunday by -the Albiph
Rovers, '.can; niake. only , 17* pblnts'i,a't
most. ; The -already : have
poirita'and.arefalmost'certain'tofniake!
njorja, , : The have Vpiayed^ all
their matches.for theileagUe ; .champibn-"
At the annual meeting^.»f ¦ the Cali
f-rnia Cricket Association to be- held
on Monday evening, ' beginning at 8
o'clock, the election of officers to serve
during the'eoming twelve months will
be held. .' The Alameda, .Pacific, San
Francisco -County. >and . Santa Cruz
Cricket "clubs, have; held '¦ their annual
meetings and nave" chosen their dele
gates." " '.¦'¦¦" * •• v 'I?'; 1 y '; ' '
. The representatives of the Alameda
Cricket. Club are G.' Harold Ward and
W. McNaugriton;-, of the' Pacific
Cricket club, John Myers and Dr. O.
N. Taylor; of the San Francisco Coun
ty Club, Henry Roberts arid H.-Dixon,
and of the Santa Cruz Club, E. F." Hil
ton arid H. H. Davies.
V. Keeling, one of the vice
presidents, of the . California Cricket
Association, writes that the interest in
cricket in Lake County has nearly died
out and that there is little hope that
the L'akepprt Cricket Club will be or
ganized this year, .T. W. ; Beakbane,
the leading. spirit of the Burns Valley
Cricket Club, would be able ft> get to
gether, a team in the Lower Lake dis
trict, if there were any antagonists
with; whom they could -pTay. As it is,
it looks as though' the Burns Valley
club , would i not get .any : games this
season with -local opponents. \. V- .
At the annual meeting of the Santa
Cruz Cricket and'"Athletic Club H. H.
Davies chosen captain and Steph
en r ; Stagg. „ honorary .secretary. The
meeting ;.was successful and the pros
pect for the season is good.
The Santa»;,Cruz players desire to visit
San Francisco. on May 29. and 30 for
the;., purpose ! of playing two matches
against. the ;city ; cricketers." They wish'
toire'eeiye 'a .return-^yisit' from a San
.F'r&nciscO. club .on Sunday and Mon
•day;^July" 3 and -¦ 4. . The Santa Cruz
dti jr. is not- exclusively .for cricket, but
has\facilitles for lawn tennis and other
sports.'.:' ''Summer, visitors may avail
themselves, of Its privileges on pay
ment of a" small fee.
. : : 'A t'>the annual- rneeting of the San
Francisco County Cricket Club the fol
lowing officers \ were elected for the
coming, year: W. S. McGavih, presi
dent; T..J. A. Tiedemann and E. G.
Sloman.; vice. { presidents; Harold B.
Richardson, V secretary- treasurer and
captain; A". , H. .Wilkes,, vice captain;
Henry Roberts and H.\Dixon, dele
gates.to the California Cricket Associa
tion. The ¦ president, vice presidents,
captain and " vice captains, with H.
Dicksori*,. WTR." Stewart' and Taliesin
Evans,: constitute the -board of direct
ors. 'Ground and selection committees
will be appointed by the president..
, : B. Kortlang, a star performer of the
Sari -Francisco . County Cricket Club
last;, season, arid of the 'Pacific' Club
in-H9.62, is ini Seattle, where he is in
the employ, of ;the_- Pacific Fur Com
pany. .-'.It is. possible he will stay in
Seattle during -the, coining summer and
play with the Seattle Cricket Club. He
iserititled- to one of the^Reridle" merit
medals'ifor a-. century scored : against
the. Alameda eleven last year, and is
desirous to" have it engraved with the
w'ords, ''.Champion all-round cricketer
of California.": He thinks that he can
claim theHitle fairly; having won . first
places in the .batting and bowling av
erages | in . 1,902 anjd having taken ¦ first
place cih s the ¦ batting; list last season,
besides capturing far" more wickets
than any other bowler. ''-.- -. .
The fact that it rained for the
last four or five "Sundays -.has made it
difficult for the .tennis players here and
across the. bay to.h6ld'thefr scheduled
events. The committee in charge of the
AJameday County^ championships has
done well, .running, off with
surprising speed ; considering", the unfa
vorable weat,her.. Last Sunday the sin
gles event was .narrowed" down to six
men. Three of -¦ these" are - evenly
matched, while the others have little or
nolchance' of annexing the champion
ship. That Percy' Murdock .will be one
of the cpntestantsln the.flhals is a cer
tainty. . He meets. 1 the winner of the
OtisrAmbrose riiatch Jh the semi-flnals
and 'is sure to* beat" either of them. In
the other hal/ there.; is- much more 'un
certainty.' " Charles-' Dunlap I has ob
tained a place in the semi-finals and
will meet the -winner of the Variel-
George. Baker match. . Dunlap has not
much chance of beatfng either of these
men. He should,- however, give a good
accpunt of himself, and -If .at, his best
might win. A. great battle is expected
when Variel and Baker meet this afttr
hoon. On account' of having beaten
MacGavin last Sunday Variel is a
strong favorite. Baker is a steady
player and can always be depended
upon. Variel is a much more brilliant
player, but, like all others in this class,
has off days. If he-1s not at his best he
is liable to' be poor. Variel played the
best game he has yet shown in his
match with MacGavin. True, the latter
was not playing his best, but Variel
deserves great credit, as he has played
but little of late and was thought to
have a poor chance of beating the
lengthy crack. Baker played fine tennis
in the doubles against MacGavin and
Variel.
Now that MacGavin has been dis
posed of the most likely candidate for
championship honors is Percy Mur
dock. It was thought from the start
that the "main struggle would.be be
tween MacGavin and Murdock. The
latter has always been considered a
good first class man, but never accom
plished much until last September. He
was runner-up in the coast champion
ship singles, and made Bell, the cham
pion, play his best to win. Murdock
has always possessed beautiful strokes,
but has lacked steadiness. His drive is
a trifle wild and his overhead work not
up to the standard. If he can play any
thing like the game he put up in Sep
tember neither Baker nor Variel would
have a chance to beat him.
Murdock showed last Sunday that he
is in great form. Of course, it was ex
pected he would beat Clarence Griffin,
the young crack from the park, but no
body thought he would do it by so one
sided a score. Griffin plays good tennis,
and any one .who" beats him as easily
as Murdock did' must be a player of
championship caliber.
In doubles by far* the strongest team
on paper is MacGavih'and Variel. Be-,
fore the tournament", it was thought
that Variel would give MacGavin but
little support. Since the defeat of Mac-
Gavin at the hands of his partner their
chances of winning the doubles cham
pionship' are considered much better.
These two players should win the
doubles with little difficulty.' The Baker
brothers, considered* by 'many to be
their^ most dangerous opponents, were
disposed of on 'Sunday,- and from now
Handicap foursomes over eighteen
holes, medal play, are set down for this
afternoon on "the schedule of the San
Francisco Golf Club, partners to be
drawn for at 2:30 o'clock. The winning
couple -will receive prizss.
On Tuesday morning next, beginning
at 9:20 o'clock, a team match should
be played among the members of the
Ladies' Annex of the San Francisco
Golf Club, but there has been so much
slackness in holding ladies'- competi
tions since the beginning of the year
that the event cannot be regarded as
a certainty. • Last Tuesday morning
some ladies were out on the links for
practice, but no competition was held.
The first match play round of the
handicap event, the qualifying round of
which was set down for Washington's
birthday, but was deferred until last
Saturday, was completed on Wednes
day. On Sunday R. G. Hanford and
K. D. Girvin played their match, the
former, allowing a handicap of six
strokes, winning, 4 up. The recent
drills of cavalry and artillery over the
Presidio course have scored it in every
direction, while hoof marks and tent
peg have added to the troubles
of the golfers, who, in spite of these
drawbacks, are persevering in their fa
vorite recreation. S. G. Buckbee, hand
icap 12, won 1 up from H. M. Hoyt,
scratch. Perry Eyre beat W. J. Dut
ton, who received 10 strokes, 1 up.
Polla V. "Watt and R. J. "Woods, each
of whom received a handicap of 12
strokes in the qualifying round, played
on equal terms. R. V. Watt was in ex
cellent form, winning 6 up, 5 to play.
S. L. Abbot Jr., giving 3 strokes, won
5 up, 3 to play, from Warren' Gregory,
and R. I. Bentley, receiving 4 strokes,
beat Dr. T. G. McConkey, 4 up.
The second round began on. Thursday
and must be completed by to-morrow
e ening. S. L. ALbot Jr. is paired
against the winner of the Monteagle-
Starr match; R. . I. Bentley against S.
G. Buckbee; Rolla V.'.Watt against R.
G. Hanford, and Perry Eyre against A.
S. Lilley. S. L. , A«fobot' Jr. and G. E.
Starr, both having handicaps of 3
strokes, play on equal terms, while L.
F. Monteagle. handicap 12,' r receives 9
strokes from S. 'L." Abbot Jr.; .S. . G.
Buckbee, handicap 16. receives.8. strokes
from R. I. Bsntley,- -handicap 8;' Rolla
V. Watt," handicap 12,* receives .4 strokes
from R. G. Hanford, ; whose .handicap
is 8; Perry Eyre and A. S. Lilley, each
having handicaps "of 6'strdkes; "play 'on
equal terms. : ". A; I S."; Lilley, ¦¦ having
drawn the bye, did' not. play in the first
round. ¦ •--/•; ¦".'¦ - ' .*
The competition' over \72, holes, medal
play, 'for, the open^championship of
Southern, Calif orniai.-' in .which any
golfer, professional /or amateur, mem
ber or non-member^of- an. affiliated or
associate. club of the;Southem Califor
nio Golf Association,'^ may ' take part,
began yesterday* morning on the" links
of the Los "Angeles "County Club and
will be completed to-day."--. ;
The fourth- annual JVcom^petition. for
the men's 'amateur .championship -of
the Pacific Coast Golf Association will
be played on the links -of Los . An
geles County ¦ • Club .- on - . Wednesday.
Thursday, Friday arid Saturday," March
9. 10, ,11 and 1 12.?. ' ; " - V". .
Contest, for Open Champion
ship of Southern California
Is On To-Day at Los Angeles
Game > Seems Dead . in Lake
port---Santa Cruz team to
Yisit City Decoration Day
Meet the IiKlependeiit 4 Team
at Association FbOtball'oii
Presidio Athletic Ground
They Ha ve Events of Import
ance to Decide -and /Hope for
'' Fair Weatlie 1 !* Conditions
GOLFERS ACTIVE
ON CITY COURSE
VAMPIRES PLAY
FIRST CUP GAME
CRICKETERS TALK
OF COMING YEAR
RAIN INTERFERES
WITH TENNIS MEN
Just to mention the name Ormonde
to an .Englishman brings back recol
lections that are dear, and he will en
tertain you with tales v>f • the time
when "the. horse of. the century" left
the- fleetest of merrie England behind
him and won by himself. No doubt
exists but that Ormonde, winner of the
De'rby in 1SS6, was a mighty race horse!
and when w! OB. Macdonough pur
chased hlm.for'j^ji.OOQthe Calif ornian
achieved world wide notoriety ! in ¦ the
turf world. In England the glory of
Ormpnde was perpetuated to an extent
by the grand, performances of hls^sori,
Orme, but since coming to this country
his get have done nothing.'- notable.
Beau Ormonde is a good but hot a
great horse," and so with the balance of
his sons and daughters.- "•' . ¦.
•"Still, like the sound of bagpipes -to
the canny Scot, there appears '.to' ,be
romance -about' the name Ormonde,
that causes the sporting* blood "in the
veins to" tingle.' And "for this; reason
whenever an Englishman or • English
woman, for that matter, visits Cali
fornia and* an' inherent love : for, the
thoroughbred exists, a pilgrimage; - is
usually made .to Ormondale, Menlo
Park, to worship at . his j shrine. On
the occasion , of. her ; recent visit here
Mrs. Langtry, the famous* English act
ress,,, herself the possessor, of .an ex
tensive racing stable, made the,, trip ,to
Mr. Macdohough's breeding farm and
the picture herewith reproduced shows
the Jersey Lily holding ,the r bridle of
the • most', talked about horse. in all
Christendom, p.rmondeis now twenty
one years old, but his splendid condi
tion, would indicate .that he is passing
his declining years in happiness : and
luxury. :<"•"' '''.'• v ,.. ¦'¦ '¦:
MRS. LANGTRY AND ORMONDE, "THE HORSE OF THE CENTURY,' 1 AT RANCHO DEL PASO.
YACHTSMEN ARE
BUSY OUTFITTING
PLEASURE CRAFT
Yachtsmen are already busily pre
paring: for the rapidly approaching
opening of the season. The yacht
owners of the Corinthian and the Cali
fornia clubs have met and prepared
schedules of cruises and races for the
coming season. The commodore of tha
San Francisco Yacht Club will meet the
owners to-morrow afternoon In tha
clubhouse at Sausalito to discuss a pro
gramme for the year. The fleet of tha
San Francisco Yacht Club will be in
creased by the addition of the big slocp
Nellie, owned by Dr. T. L. Hill and
Vice Commodore H. H. Jenness. and of
the sloop Angela, recently purchased by
D. Moves, J. E. Gray and Frank Maino.
The sloop Surprise, formerly owned by
ex- Vice Commodore A. C. Lee, will be
sailed by Blair and Marten, her pres
ent owners, under th» burgee of th-;
San Franci3co Yacht Club. The sloop
Xellie is lying in Sessions Basin, East
Oakland, where she is being put into
commission. She will be ready to hoist
sail in about two weeks.
Dr. T. L. Hill's yawl Phyllis, which
was under charter last year to Lester
Hammersmith and friends, is bein.;
overhauled at Sausalito. It is probable
that Lester Hammersmith will sail on
the sloop Edna, owned by ex-Commo
dore E. F. Sager of the Corinthian
Tacht Club, and that S. S. Marshall,
formerly commodore of the California
Yacht Club, will also be a member of
the Edna's crew. The sloop Thelma,
owned by Marshall, Foard, Thompson
and Meserole, will be let out under
charter.
Jt is said that J. R. Savory's sloop,
Juanita, has been driven up high and
dry on an old scow in the lagoon be
hind Tiburon. Frank A. Bartlett has
been visiting Tiburon every Sunday
throughout the winter and has F. E.
Baker's sloop Emilie nearly in readme.^
for the season. It is doubtful whethtr
the bridge over the entrance to the
lagoon can be raised again or not. If
it is deemed unsafe to raise it it will
be necessary for the yachtsmen to un
step the masts of their boats so as to
be able to pass under the bridge.
The California Yacht Club is nego
tiating for a location near the bay end
of the railroad wharf at Oakland, and
when it ig secured will proceed to ere;t
a" clubhouse and establish an anchor
age there. At a meeting of member*
of the California Club a schedule of
cruisers, races, clambakes and other
events arranged by. the regratta com
mittee, consisting of W. H. James. W*.
McBain and A. Vekander, was proposed
and adooted with a few changes. Sat
urday, May 7. will be opening day and
the opening cruise in squadron will
take place on Sunday. May 8. The other
events on the schedule are as follows:
Sunday. May "22— Handicap regatta.
Saturday. May 28 — Cruise to Banicla.
Sunday. May 2». and Monday, May 30 — Spe
cial orders. ..
Sunday. June 19 — Class flagr. regatta and race
for owner's cup.
Saturday. July 2— Cruise to San Mateo Point;
Sun Jay. July n. clambake at the Point- Mon
day, July -i, return to moorings.
Sunday. July 10— Annual racs tor the Wal
lace trophy (postponed from July 4).
Saturday. July 23. to Sunday. July 31 An
nual cruise up the Sacramento River.
Saturday. Aujnm ft— Cruise to Sheep I»tand
•wfctre fl«h chowder will be enjoyed on Sunday'
August T. *'
Saturday, August 20, and Sunday, Aurust 21
—Cruise to California Core "
Sunday, August 2S— Regatta for yachts in
th« 20-foct class. *~— u»
Saturday and Sunday. September 3 and 4—
Cruise to Petaluma Drawbridge; Monday Set>
tember 3, return to noorlngs
Pa^c^ntfrXTvYc^Sti^"* " *
Sunday. October 2— Handicap regatta for th«
v tncent cop.
Saturday. October 1»— Rendezvous at ai
choraae of the San Francieco Yacht Club at
Sausahto^and Sunday. October Id. cruise ou«
siflc tfce HeaUj, in company with the fleet of
the San Franciaw Tacht Club.
Saturday, October 20— Clos'in* day at th«
clubhouse, and Sunday. October 30. closing
cruise in squadron. •
California Club Hopes to Get
Good Location Soon and to
Begin Building New House
SAUSALITO TARS MEET
Commodores Prepare Sched
ules of Cruises, Races and
Other Events for the Year
HOMFRAY TAKES
THE HONORS IN
WATERLOO CUP
This year's Waterloo cup has been
•won by E. Herbert's greyhound Hom
fray. which ran in the name of G.
rJkrlinson. The winner is by Fabu
lous Fortune-Kill Mode. The runner
up was H. T. Michels* Minchmuir,
nominated bv R- H- Whitworth. She
la by Wet Day-Kaffir Queen.
In the betting the odds against the
winner were 200 to 1, while 50 to i
could be had about the runner-up.
The stake was worth $2500 to the win
ner. With this went a $500 cup pre
sented by the Duke of Sefton. a great
coursing enthusiast.
The -winner was purchased at the
Earbican sales in February, 1903, for
525. He won a sapling stake soon
after. This year he won two courses
in one stake, three in another and was
runner-up ' in a third. In the cup
event he beat in turn "Walter Black
amoor, Prince Charming, secured a
bye through the withdrawal of West
brook and beat Loran Leader, Fetch
Fair and Minchmuir. He was led
twice during the stake, but when once
on the hare he showed great deter
mination and scored rapidly. Minch
rauir -was unfortunate in getting a se
vere trial in the semi-final, which
handicapped her.
Parcelius, the stake favorite at 85
to 20, was palpably overtrained. He
¦was runner-up for the stake last year.
The Waterloo purse was divided by
L. Pilkingtor.'s Priestlaw, by Mellor
Moor-Thoughtless Beauty, and A. T.
JCewbold's Mallory. by Fabulous For
tune-Slaine.
The Waterloo plate was divided by
the Duke of Leeds' l»nelv Star, by
Fiery Furnace-Lopal, and L. Pilking
ton's Prince Plausible, by Boswell-
Thoughtless Beauty.
The meeting was held as usual at
Altcar. near Liverpool, on the open
field, the hares being started up by
organized beaters. The weather was
fine, the horses strong and a large
crowd watched the snort. R. A. Briee
Judged and W. Souch acted as slipper.
The Chicago Coursing Club has been
organized with Michael Allen presi
dent; Thomas McCarthy, vice presi
dent; John Hannon. secretary, and
James O'Leary. treasurer. A thirty
five acre tract has been leased at
Mount Greenwood, a suburb of Chi
cago, for three yeafrs. The grounds
are accessible by street car and by
two railroads.
Sufficient money has been sub
scribed to guarantee that coursing
trill be established on a splendid scale.
President Allen is an old-time leash
man. He has been associated for
years with John Wilson of Illinois in
the most extensive kennel of grey
hounds in the Middle West.
The owners of PhIo Alto, Rubber
Ankles, Full Moon and of other crack
greyhounds have found it impossible
to condition their dogs properly to
start for the Grand National Cham
pion stakes at Union Park k week
from to-morrow, as originally intend
ed. It has been decided to postpone
the first contest until April 3. It is
expected Palo Alto and Pocatelli will
be the first brace to start.
The management of Ingleside
Coursing Park has decided to resume
Saturday coursing to-day. The first
lound of a ninety-six dog stake will
be run, the first brace of dogs going
to the slips at 11:30 o'clock this morn-
Ing. The coursing will be resumed to
morrow at 11 o'clock. The likely win
ners look to be:
Medley. Tralee Las*. Hzjrsed Actor, Topsy
Turvey, Frisky Boy. Roy Hugfcie, Doc Kurns,
Honest Jchii. CJuo*n"e Motto, Ye'Iowtail, Vi
king, Filvirr C!oud, Northern Alarm. Northern
Lad. FriFky Barbara. Ulaueue. Pepper Hill.
Black Coon. Loretta. Hera. Mark Twain. Jlin
mie Anthony. Oolder Lizht. Lily Wrlffht, J E
H. Bella LloyJ. Jerry Wriitht. Bonnie Pasha,
Ten? Hurlick. nc-<i Rock, Bob R. Colored Lady,
Homer Boy Little Mercy, Pasha Pleasant.
Clover Blofsom. Jo. !\»sha. Silver Heels, Gold
Li!y. Haddlcgtor.. Youn? Fearless, lone Hill,
l*a<Jy Mer.lo, Fifldkr. Intruda. Lily York,
Equator.
Sixty-four well matched greyhounds
¦will start to-morrow at Unon Cours
ing Park. The first brace will be
slipped upon the arrival of the 10:15
o'clock train. The likely winners look
to be: v^
Racing Auto. Amanrfan, Barefoot Boy. Charter
Member. Concord Tr*?ee. Tillie It. Tralee Boy,
Reneirads. Apache. Lord Brazen. Irvlnston Tra-
Ve. Vanaal, i-"i*e From Flaw, Sacramento Boy,
Our Motto, Little Plunger, Barjrc, Rector. Clo
verdalc, Lost Chord. Flaunt, Shadow, Money
Muck, Donrybrook. Rocker Arm. McVey. Ta
tnora. Sir Pat-ha. Bill Dugan. Ragtime, Poca
teJli. Raby Aurora and Hudson.
Union Coursing Park has reopened
Its former downtown office in room
413 Examiner building. Secretary
Harry Edell is in charge.
Winner of the EventEeceives
Purse of $2500 and a $500
Cap— Notes of the Field
STAKE IS VALUABLE
The Son of Fabulous Fortune
Beats ilinclimuir Cleverly
in the Coursing Classic
THE SAN- -FRANGISGQGALLr -SATURDAY; .MARCHES,; 1904.
ENGLISH CELEBRITIES OF TURF AND STAGE MEET IN CALIFORNIA
WASHINGTON. March 4.— Th« S-mto to
day confirmed the nomination ot LcutM C
Tyler as postmaster at Mm Valley. California.
BUCHAREST. . Roumartla. '. March 4.— The
Finance Minister ha* 'laid-before'the-Cham
ber * bill ' lmpofilnir • hfravy protective duties
on import*. The duty on coal is among toe
heaviest. ••¦•-¦•-... , t
10PHILADELPHIA, March » 4^— Two hundred
marines from • the • League Island navy yard
left this city to-day for San Francisco, en route
to the- Philippines. - - . . . . . • :"
. ST.: LOUIS,! March. 4.-rThe strike: of, .the
laborers at '. the \ World's Fair grounds was ' de
clared off and '1600 'men who walked out Mon
day resumed work, at ' the ¦ reduced waves/ .' • -
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo.. March 4.—Gover
nor Dockery to-day granted a respite of fifteen
days to - Oeorre Cnllins, who is now in the
St. - Louis - jail and was to be executed " on
March 11 for the murder of Detective Schu
macher. __ ; ... ..~,. y
«»ockcy Charley Thon>e Retires.
OMAHA, Nebr., March 4. — Charles
Thorpe, who won fame in America and
ibroad as a Jockey, announced to-day
:hat he has decided to permanently re-
Ire from the race-track
> . • ....
First race — Cora I, Royal White, Skip
Me.; :' A' ¦'¦' -\ -.: "-.¦ ¦" . ." v' " :. ' -¦.
Second, race — The Mist, Arisbe, Georaro
7. McHear. v^
Third race — Nonie, Fare Dale, Albe
marle.
Fourth race— Koratius, Oar Settle,
Grafter. .. Y.-' ' •; ¦- ; '-j V
Fifth race— Kalnault, Mimo, Mlaty '¦
Prl<le.i '. V •-> . ¦;.-•¦ ¦ . .- r ;:
Bixth race — Frank Woods, Illilouon,
OroViva. ; ¦ '¦•< ¦' . -¦; " >' -=-V-
PEOBABLE WIHNEBS.
The Police Commissioners yesterday
submitted : the, drafts of two proposed
ordinances for the suppression of im
morality arid covering, points which
are hot provided in the Penal Code nor
in the book of general ordinances. The
first ordinance prohibits the letting of
buildings or premises to be -used for
immoral purposes and , is designed . to
place the . responsibilty '•) on the - owner
of such property. The ' second . ordi
nance prohibits the visiting, of disor
derly houses. ,
To Suppress Disorderly Houses.
Annie Anderson, sister of Charles An
derson, the Klondike millionaire who
was sued for breach of promise by
Alma de Bretteville, the artist, filed an
affidavit yesterday In which she asks
permission to publish the summons di
recting Anderson to appear and answer
the suit for $ 5000 Bhe brought against
him some months ago. She alleges that
he is still in DawEon, and therefore
cannot be reached by personal service.
Miss Anderson is suing to recover
money ehe claims her brother promised
her shortly after . he made his rich
strike In Dawson.
Anderson Still in Dawson.
Fifth -r*ce, six furlong* — Josette won. Lady
Contrary second. Tally H third. Time, 1:14 1-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Albert F. Dew«y won.
Araihne second. Tancfed third. Time. 1:413-5.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs — New
York Morning Star second. Optional third.
Time. 1:13 1-5.
Third race. Fix and a half .furlongs — Inquis
itive Girl won. Vestry second. Safiduccee third.
Time, ir20.
Firft race, six furlone»— June Collins won.
Lovable second. FURurtha third. Time. 1:14 2-5.
Second race, five furlongs — Modred Law
won. Dixie Lad second, Iitabella D. third.
Time. 1:01 4-5.
NEW ORLEANS. March 4.— Crescent City
summv.ry :
New Orleans Race Results.
Sixth race— One mile and 50 yards; four
year-olds and' up; selling: '-. ; '~z'.'
6126 •Illilouon (Randall) ... •.."...: 1C4
(C247)*Keynote (Kyle) 90
(6112)Frank Wood* (Garden City stable)... .1C9
6175 'Byronerdale (Crane) .102
• C2.YJ Princft Blazes (Balrd) ..; ....107
6223 *Oro Viva: (Hatton) ................. .103
: C195 Lady -.Kent ( Wellman) . . . . . . . . . ... . .105
?Apprentice . allowance.
Fifth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; Felling: *
0222 'St. Winlfride (Painter) ..101
Ki2."J *Evea G- (Coffey) :.:..,' 08
(til71)Sterling Tower* (Stockton stable). .. ..l'JO
5CC9 MIsty's Pride (Jones) •......; .100
¦ «126 Golden Light (McCatterty) ...108
(01S7)Hainault (Thomaa & Reavey) 10G
(U222)»Mlmo (Sheridan) ...10.T
' 0221 Modicum • (Fountain) 106
CIS.% I^ord Melbourne (Bender) ......' 101
\ C1!(«J The Way (Clark) CS
15735 Our Bessie (Newman) .'. : .101
C23:; Outburst (McAIester) SS
(CrUDHoVatius (MeAlester) .....108
(6109) Veterano (Vlvell) ..101
•Los Aneeles Index 57C1.
CHICAGO. March 4.- — Buddy Ryan
of Chicago was given the decision to
night over Billy Mellody of Boston on
a foul in the fifth round of a six-round
contest. -MeHody injured Ryan so se
verely that he was not able to continue
the fight.
Ryan Wins on a Foul.
Third race, six furlonps — Ae^Fan won ' Feb
ruary Blue.wconU, Woolsack third. Time 1-17
Fourth race, one mile — Blnehelio won. Satin
Coat .<econd, Judtre Cantrlll third. Time, 1:41
Fifth race. . six furlongs — Reducer won,"
Marco second, Tenny Belle third. Time. 1:1S<4.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth — W. B.
Gate* vron. O'Reilley'stecond, Felix Bard third
Time, 1:47*4. %-¦
First race, three and a half furlongs sellinr
— Amelina won. The Lorella second, Rondolet
third. Time. :*5*4.y
Second race. nv« furlong— Mcor Hen won
Mat Wadlelgb second, To San third. Time
1:(C»4.
HOT SPBINGS. Ark.. March 4.— Essex Park
result* :
Racing at Hot Springs.
MILWAUKEE.) "VVis., March 4.-—
Charles Neary of .Milwaukee to-night
received a Avell-earned decision over
Louie Long of Oakland, Cal., In a six
round boxing match before the Bad
ger Athletic Club. Xeary had the bet
ter of the milling throughout, knock
ing Long down eleven times.
* Boxer Ix>«ie Long Defeated.
The association team has been
coached by'H. M; Strickler, director of
the physical department. The Berke
ley men were the champions last year.
The league is made up of these two
teams and'of -teams representing the
Occidental Club and the Oakland
Young Men's Christian Association.
Stanford University withdrew because
of injuries, to" its players.
The opening game of the Coast
Basket Ball League will be played' on
Monday ' night in the Young Men's
Christian Association gymnasium, Ma
son street. The opposing teams will
line up as follows:
University cf Cal. Y. M. C. A..
W. J. Musgrove. . Forward G. B. Garrlsun
J M Fencuson... Forward O. E. Lutz
s . / Forward C. Terrill
C. J. Force :....... Center J. W. Callnon
D M.Evans: Guard H. McKenzle
F. P. Koch -Guard.. J. F. Lewja
University of/ California Players to
Meet Those of the Young Men's \
Christian Association. ;
The Humboldt II was another new
model seen for the first time on Sun
day. She was built by James . Greig
of the Humboldt Evening School. She
is the larsrest boat in the club, meas
uring 79 y 2 inches over all. She showed
considerable speed in the trials, on
Sunday.
The new lake waa tried out last
Sunday for the first time since it has
had the necessary four feet of water.
Sailing accommodations were found
much better than on Stow Lake,
where the model yachting has pre
viously been done.
Many of the model boats were out
for the first time on Spreckels Lake
and the owners, one and all, declared
that the new body of water could not
be improved upon for racing pur
poses.
An impromptu trial race between
four of the best boats in the fleet fur
nished the closest and most exciting
race ever held in the park.. The
course was an 1800-foot one and the
fact that all four models finished
within a space of five foot shows how
close the finish was. The first two
boats were inches apart at the finish.
The four contending boats were the
Imp, owned by Commodore Henry
London; the Sautee, owned by L. S.
Adams; L. E. Gaudy's Zulu and, B.
Jurgens' new Zarmpa. The Imp car
ried on* the honors, but was hard
pressed by the Sautee. The Zampa
was fouled and finished last. This
new model was in fast company, but
made an excellent showing on Its
first time out.
' Many new models were in evidence
during the day. H. S. Brindle was out
with a new Brooklyn-built sloop
called the Don II. She is fifty-nine
inches^over all and resembles the
Don I, which v.-as built on such grace
ful lines. The latter boat was suc
cessful tAvo years ago on Stow k a ke
and the owner expects its successor to
prove even faster.
The members of the San Francisco
Model Yachting Club are making
great preparations for the formal
opening of the racing season on the
new Sprpckels lake in Golden Gate
Park. This most important event
among sailers of the small craft will
take plaec on some Sunday during
this month. The date has not been
fixed as yet, but the commodore has
announced that it will take place in
a couple of weeks.
Hold Impromptu Races to Test, Their;
Boats 011 tii c Bis Body of
Water.
MODEIi YACHTSMEN' FlXD
XEW LAKE A SUCCESS
BASKET BALIj TEAMS
IX TOURXAMEXT GAME
Sixth race. ceven furlongs, wiling—Bu-r
cleuth. 10C (Hildebrand). 3 to 3. won- Doily
TV'elthoff. 101 (Lawrence). 5 to 1. second-
Err.!>hee. Ill (Mountain), 7 to 1. third. Time'
l:2S»i. Erne, Laureatea, MacAna and Evand-i
al«o ran.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles. selllnK—
Straseler. »7 <J. Booker), 13 to 5 won- H!»
Eminence. 100 'Hildebrand). 5 to' 2 se'conJ-
Grail. 100 (Redfern). 4 to 1. third. Time. l:5t'
Labor and Platoniui al?o ran.
Fourth race, six furlongs, the Green Meadow*
handicap — Cruzadcs, 10$ (Mountain) 15 to 1
won: Elfin Kin?. lOtf (Hlldebrand).. 3 to J
accond; GoMen Rule, IIS (Redfern). 6 to "•
third. Time. 1:14. Glennevls, Ocean Dream
and Pat Bulger also ran.
Second race. fIx furlongs, gelling: — Metlakatla
104 fllildfhran.il. 9 to 5, wen: Miatletlde 100
(.Tarkson). 12 to 1. second; Wlnnlfreda ion
(!>>wis). even, third. Time, 1:15%. Rodolfo
El:». Annie Marie and Fox Lake also ran.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards
•elline— Invlctug. 107 <Mountaln). 4 to 1. won'
Canejo. 114 (¦Redfern). S to 5. second- Lunar'
114 (Prior), 4 to 1. third. Time. 1:47. Moor'
Major Hojker. Liberto and Albert Enrisht
alfo ran.
First rac«, one mile, selling— El Oriente 100
(Hildebrand). 4 to 1. won; Ph>», 104 (Law
rtrce). 15 to 1. second; Glenrlce, 103 (Felcht)
2 to 1, third. Time. l:*:iy t . Dr. Bernays'
Miss Betty. The Ladaean. Susie Christian'
Athelrtwe and Jlnglw also ran.
SUMMARY.
It was an off day for favorites, only
one out of six getting home in front.
This was BuccJeuth in the last race,
which won handily from Dolly Weit
hoff and Emshee in the order named.
The race of the day. the Green
Meadoiv handicap, af six furlongs, fur
nished the biggest surprise. Baldwin's
Cruzados, the extreme outsider in the
betting, came from the rear in the
stretch and won by a length from
Elfin King, with Golden Rule third.
Cruzados was 15 to 1. A world of money
was lost on Golden Rule and Ocean
Dream, the latter of which ran a poor
race. Hildebrand rode three winners.
Mountain two and Booker one. On the
whole, the books had much the better
of the argument.
Weather perfect; track fast.
Judge Hamilton stated that he had
proceeded under rules 204 and 205, the
turf rules which give the judges no dis
cretion in the matter of a refusal to
obey orders, and that no middle course
was open to him, :.s the rules men
tioned specifically say "shall be -uled
off."
Redfern's refusal to ride Laureatea is
said to have been the result of a dis
agreement some time ago With the
mare's owner, J. Pelter. Pelter also
owns Chub and Redfern asked to be
allowed to ride him in his last race.
Pelter had engaged a rider, however,
and refused to give Redfern the mount.
This is said to have aroused the en
mity of Redfern Sr.
Judge Hamilton Immediately called
an officer and instructed him to take
up W. W. Redfern's badge and put
him off the track. An official ruling
was then made barring the two Red
ferns from the turf.
LOS ANGELES. Mar.ch^.-^A ; full
fledged sensation developed tQ-day at
Ascot. Jockey Arthur. Redferii. held
by many turf authorities to be^the best
lightweight rider in America,' was ruled
off the turf, together with his father,
W. W. Redfern. The offense for which
Redfern received this extreme penalty
was disobedience of the orders of the
Judges. Presiding Judge A. W. .Ham
ilton/instructed Redfern to- ride Lau
reatea in the last race of the. day and
asked him if he had any v.objections
to the horse. The jockey x^pJied that
he had not, but would "see his father,
who looks after his interests. A few
moments afterward Reklfern Sr. sent
word that Arthur would not ride Lau
reatea. Judge Hamilton issued a for
mal order to the clerk of the scales, in
structing him to put Redfern' on Uu
reatea. Redfern Sr. came to the
Judges' stand and stated that, his boy
would not ride the horse. Judge Ham
ilton called his attention to rule 204,
giving the judges the right to put any
rider they chose on a horse. Redfern
Sr. replied: "That makes no differ
ence; my boy will not ride Laureatea."
giving no excuse for his refusal.
In the field there are Hamilton,
Sweety and Wulzen, all of them fairly
reliable and likely to' remain in the
eft, center and right gardens respec
'ively. Like the rest of the team they
¦~re not bothered with competitors.
•They are a pretty good lot," Mc
'arthy Rays, "and the main thing now
s to get them to work together. We
ire going to put in the rest of the time
practicing up on team wprk. That is
ivhat is needed most" '
But on the whole McCarthy is satis
led with the prospects for* a team.
•ven if he isn't with the prospects for
?ood weather. He - thinks he has
)icked out the best men the college
las for the nine places. In fact, he
Joes not blame himself so much for
hat as he does the players, . who
•eemed to have fitted themselves in
without much fitting or changing.
For instance, Heitmuller seems to
>e about the best the college affords
n the way of a pitcher. Nobody else
rantou.h him for speed and twisters.
He is not as good as Overall by a long
way, but then Overall is good enough
for a professional team.
Then there is Bliss in the backstop's
place. Hatch was his only competitor
and he did not stay long.
It's the same way with the infield.
Iraham at first, Gillis at second,
Vdama at short and Strub at third
-re all alone in their glory.
It would perhaps be a little better
tor the team if there, were men to
strengthen one or two of these posi
tions, but there are not, so Coach Mc-
Carthy takes them for what they are
worth.
"Honest now," says McCarthy,
ain't this the hardest kind of luck?
itaining every day. Why don't it quit
?nd give us a chance? Here we've
postponed five scheduled games and
rut out practicing every day for a
Tionth. Stanford has had a snap.
Only lost one or two games. It makes
Tie sore."
nia on account of the rains that they
ntend to make the most of <?very clear
lay between now and April 2. the day
of the first game against Stanford, get
ting in as much practice as they can.
This leaves a little less than one
month for the players to develop into
i hampionship form, which is not any
where near enough, considering that
there are only three "vets" from last
fear. There were four holdover men,
t>ut Hatch. '04's catcher, has quit the
same, so that there are only Heit
muller. Bliss and Adams. With six
daces' to fill with new material and
ihe rains to look after in the bargain.
Joach Jack McCarthy has had his
lands fulL
BERKELEY, March 4. — So much
me has been lost to the varsity base
all men of the University of Califor-
hivcrsitjr of California Bnscball Men
Will Develop Team Work.
UA1S STOPS PRACTICE.
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jlarcli 4.
Trainer -Dad" Moulton has nothing
.at praise for the varsity track can
•Jdates and appears well satisfied with
his= year's prospects on the cinder path.
The men are keeping the strictest
raining rules and entering into the
<,ork v.ith more spirit." said he, "than
¦ ny team I have ever trained. I have
o hold them back to keep them from
;verworking. The distance men are
iofr.g particularly good work. I am
naking some shifts among the men,
hanging some frc-m the short to the
¦rig distances and vice versa in order
•> pet them where they belong."
•Norman Dole, holder of the coast
ecord in the pole vault, is perhaps the
>est and most consistent performer
imgng the many men that are an the
iack.6quad. He has vaulted 11 feet 5
rches at this early date in the season
md promises to make a bid for the'
world's record in that event before the
eason is over. He has also entered
h? broad Jump and high jump, mak
ng 21 feet 6 inches in the former and
feet S^» inches in the latter in recent
rials. "Brick" West, '06, Is also mek
ng a good showing in the broad Jump,
laving jumped 21 feet 5 Inches.
Lanagan, '04, an d McFarland, '07,
yr<> putting up the best showing in the
'.urdles and premise to develop into
K>lnt winners. Dunn. '04, Stanford's
rack quarter-miler, is being tried io
he £20-yard dash with good results.
Us best performance has been :23 2-5
or the distance, but he will undoubt
dly improve upon that within the com
v.e month. .In the weights Crawford,
05; Hyde. '04. and Van Sickle. '05, will
r.ske a formidable trio in the intercol
vsiate meet. Hyde in the shot put is
he best of the three and can be counted
m to take first place in that event.
The varsity baseball nine is proving
unfidei-able of a puzzle. On Tuesday
hoy put up a miserable exhibition in
he game which Santa Clara defeated
.hem 11 to 0. Their work was ragged
n every department of the game and
he men were almost wholly unable to
lit the ball safely. On the following
lay they took a. brace and defeated the
liiuamJ 4 to 2, putting up perhaps the
3est game they have played this sea-
Tc»-rr»orro\v, weather permitting, the
Berkeley varsity will play the St. -
I>iary r 's jine o» the Stanford -diamond :
and the Stanford varsity will cross bats
with the Independents on the Berkeley
fiiarr.ond. This will give the students
of the two colleges an opportunity to
see their opponents in action.
Cmzados, an Outsider in the
Betting TiUves the Crreen
3Ieadow Handicai) Cleverly
le shows Keinarkable Skill
in Pole Vault, and in the
Broad and the High Jump
OAKLAND SAOETBACX— FRIDAY, March. J.— Weather fine. Track heavy.
6242. FIRST RACE^Flye y "aiuI"a K haH furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index Morse and . Owner. _• ' ; ¦ W,t$t 1 ¦ U •.•''%. %. Str. Fin.. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C151 Ocyrohe (Mrs.v JVCoffey)..,.. 10.*. .'3 ... 2n 2 2 2 ',4 1 h ' W. Daly... 7-5 11-10
U135 Riwsca (0. "VV. Boesecke). 1 . ... »8 <2 ... 3 H In 11 2 8 Cross V »
Salto (D,,'S. : Fountain).. V.... 100 "4. .. .' 6 i%3 % .3 2 3 4 Vandrbout 3 18-5
(51CS) Wiggins (McAllister &• Co."). .103 0 ;.;. 1 1- 4 H 0 2^4 6 Connell .... 6 11-2
6138 Silftrate f\V. B. Jennings).:.. 104 1 ''... 4 2 5 H « 3 5 8 J. Martin.. . 10 12
6062 Orso (J. D. ' Fitzgerald) ...... W5 5 ."...' 6 10 « 15 4 U. C 2& J. T. Shehn 20 • 60
,....,. Rose XV- (Edgewood Stock. F^> 103 8 ...-8 73 13 7 2 Knapp .... 20 - 50
5430 Cotati^ (\V. , Napier) 101 7 .... 72 8 8 S« . Buxton .... 30. 100
TIme-^:25Vi; :50%. '1:11. At post 4% minutes. Off »t 2:18*4. Ocyrohe. place. 1-2: show,
: 1-5. Riesca, place. S-£»: show. 3-5. Salto, show*7-10. Winner, b. ¦ c. by Dr. Me-;
-? . Brid*-Ocypete. Traintfl by J Coffey.' Scratched— Forest Fire, -Mtsa May Bowdlsh,
¦Dusty, Miller.' Hogarth, Young Pepper.' Zenonian. Emil. Start good. Won easily- Sec
ond driving;.- * v Third stopping." The track near inside rail was very heavy and holding:
... , in Xair.shaf* tn- -nflddle of track. Daly nearly lost the race at the end through over
¦. ,confWence. -,. Riesca .ran her race. Salto has bad underpinning. Wiggins tired In the
.. ,, stretch and.got ; .ln the deep footing'.' '¦ . ¦ • » - >W -
6243.^ SECOND RApE— Three and a" half furlongs; selling; 2-year-olds;' value to first. |325.
IndexJ, ; - r ¦ Horse- and'Owtjei-.-' — -[WtiSt. .%. '4. %. Str. Flnl Jockey. . 'Op. Cl.
6183 Gloojnyibus (B. & W.).. 104 3 2h 2 ii 1 n Bell ....... "-1O 7-10
(C207) IJght of, Day. (Mrs. Coffey).. 00 5 3 2 In 2 H W. Daly... 3 : 4
¦ C159 Escobosa (Stewart & Co.) ICC 4 4 6 4 4 a 2V£ Holbrook .. 20 -60
616.-1 Steel W^re, (IT. Stover) 09 1 lh 3^4.5 Roach 'G 9-2
5S35 Calculate (Ulasingame Bros) OS 2 6 6 54 Crosswalte 15 30
.... Anita Knight (J. H. Spratt).. 104 ti 5 2^5 n G . J. Martin.. 8 ,23
Time — :25, :«.. At post V* minute. Off at 2:45. Gus, place, 1-3; show, out. Day. place,
4-5; show, "out. " Escobosa. show. C. Winner, b. g. by Eddie Jones-Happy Maiden.
:. c Trained by> D. Stone. -Start good. Won In a hard drive of three. Gloomy Gus was hard
,v;. pressed. . Light pf, Day might have won if Daly had not . drawn his whip.. Escobosa
• showed ¦ Improvement. ¦ Steel AVlre quit. ¦. . • ¦ -— .- r ' r-
O244. : vTHIRD RACE- r Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325. ;
Indoxl '-f^T.: Horse and. Owner]" 7 Iwt St. &. >/*••%• Str. Fin. Jockey. 1 : ' Op. «¦ Cl. ¦
02lVf Flaneur.: 6 (C.McCafferty)... 110 11 IVil 1 1 H 1 1 Uii Bonner...-. • 6-2 ;'&-2
6210. MarsHo. 5 (J. Quinlan),...:.. 101 2 3%2n 2,l%2n 2 ns Travers ... 4 '; : 5
614S jDecoy. a (G. Miller).. r. 100 3 2 n '3 l%.Vh 3 %i 3 1% J. Martin.. 5 . 10
6200 Bcnlash. ; 4 (J*. Jeuness). ..... 98 7 4 »i 4 n 4 1%6 3 4% Vandrbout 25' 25
¦6136 , Constellator. a. (Keating Co.) 10." 4 6 1^(1 5n 4 2 5 3 Gruwell ... 2 1S-5
6210 Flyer. 4 (T. H. Ryan)... 103 8 ft 1 6 3 6 4 5 1 6 4 J. T. Shehn ' 6 15-2
5129. Rim Rock. 6 (Jones & Co.).. 106 6 8 7^7 1&7 % 7 6 Buxton .... 15 . 16
6222 Wat. Overton. 4 (Knebelkamp) 98 5 7 % 8 8 8 8 McBride ... 25 . CO
Time— :25. :CC*i. 1:18. 1:31. /At post 1 minute. Off at 3:07. Flaneur, place. 4-5; show,
..2-5. Marelio. place. 9-5:' show. 4-5. Decoy, show, 7-5. Winner, br. g. by Bramble
.. -Promenade. -Trained by C. McCafferty. . Scratched— Stscnvine. Start good. Won in a
ai -; drive of -three. Flaneur well ridden and beet Marelio showed improvement. Decoy ran.
¦.. ¦ hJs.ra*e~ "Gruwell. lack* experience and could do nothing with Constellator. C'Benlash'
', did well. ¦ Flyer' poorly. handled.
0215. FOURTHRACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; first.' $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. Wt St. }i. %. «$. Str. Fin. Jockey. | Op. Cl.
6233 Expedient, a (P. E. Smith):.. 105 7 7 7 6 n 3 H 1 n J. Martin.. 7-2. 18-S.
6175 Fill* d'Or. a (G. D. Kenyon). 04 2 2 11/62 1 In 11 2 6 C.-Smlth... 15 . 20
6209 Elmer L. 6 (Klunder &. B.).. 05 6 4 2 3^31 4 V, .! % Travers ... 6 13-2
6163 Cloche d'Or, 4 (A. Conrad)... 94 3 5n6%4h «1 42 Knapp .... 4 1S-5
6197 Mr. Farnum. 4 (McCafferty). .' 07 5 64 5n 5n5n 5 2% Bonner . .. .' 8 ' 13
6230 Nellie Bawn. 5 (J. McCabe).. 94 4 1 2%1 242 %''! n ft % Roach 10 10
6175 The Fretter. a (F. O'Rourke)|103 1 3h 4 1M|7 7 7 Sherwood .. 2 0-5
Time— :25U. :51. ,l:17*i. 1:45, 1:B7*4. At post % minute. Off at 3:31#. Expedient, plac«.
.6-5; show. 1-2. Fille d'Or. place, 8; show. 3 Elmer, show. 4-5. Winner, ch. • g. by
¦Flambeau- Experiment. '-Trained by P. E. Smith. Start good •' Won cleverly. Next
.. .two driving.- • Expedient a. "better horse tn- day. and vigorously ridden. Fille d'Or ran a
good 'race. Cloche d'Ch; looks light In -flesh. Mr. Farnum ran poorly. Nellie Bawn quit.
•,'' The Fretter waa miserably- ridden. . getting into the deep going on the rail. • ¦¦ . -
0240. FIFTH 'RACE— Six. Yurlpngg; handlbap; 3-year-olds and up; valueTo first. $400.
Index fj " Horse. and Owner. 7,. > Wt St. ii. %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
(6115) Sad Sam. a (H. ; Green). 114 1 ... 11 1 >J 1 n 1 h ISherwood .. 1 9-5
6108 Soufriere. 3 (Dayton A Co.).. 03 3 ... 2 3 2 .1^2 M, 2 1%IJ. Jones.... 6 6
6127 The Don.-4 (H. E. RowelD... 95 5 ... 5 4 1»44 lVj.1 4 Travers ... 4 21-.%
6208 Olympian. 6 ¦ (J.- F. ¦ Schorr) .. 103 2 ... 3 2 3 1 3 3 4 iy, Reed 10 So
6017 Stilicho. 4 (W. B. Jennings).. 104 4 ... 4 h 5 5 5 J. Martin.. 3 2
Time— :24. :49. 1:16%. At post 1% minutes. Off at 3:5SVi. Sam. place, 7-10; show, 1-4'
Soufriere. place. 8 -5; show. 2-5. Don, show, 1-2. Winner, ch. g. by Rancocas-Heeley.
Trained by E. Getehell. Start good. Won In a drive of three. Sherwood rated 3ad
Sam and he finished gamely. Soufriere ran an excellent race. The Don was outfooted
the first part, but finished strong. Too short for Stilicho.
6247. SIXTH RACE — One arid a sixteenth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index ' Horse and Owner. WtSt. %. ,'#. %. Str. Fin. . Jockey. Op. Cl.
6150 Keynote. 5 (J. A. Kyle). . N .v. . 104 3 4h2h.13.13 16 J. Martin.. 4-5 7-10
6150 lllloa. a (S. Judge) ...... 90 5 2 2W 4 3 2%2 n 2*i IVandrbout 5-2 5-2
6230 Theodora L, 4 <P. E. Smith). 07 .4 13 1 2>42 13 3 3 3^ Knapp 15 25
J4504) 'Goldone. a (Mrs. COffey) 100 1 3 % 4 3 4 S 4 10 4 50 |J. Daly 5 9-2
U150 Sam Lazarus Esq.; a (F.Stoer) 110 2 5 5 5 5 5 JHaack 23 40
Time— :25. :51. l:mi. 1:44%, 1:52. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:23. Keynote, place. 2-5;
- .¦ > show; out. Ulloa.- placej 2-5; show. <out. -Theodora, show. 3-2. Winner, b g by
Chorister- Rapture. Trained by J. A. Kyle. Scratched— Joe John, Marlin. Start good.
Won pulling ¦ up. Second handily. * Third driving. Winner won in ragtime- Ulloa
¦ outstayed -Theodora . L. Goldone was looking for hurdles. ?Los, Angeles, index C0S3.
QUAKKEL WITH OWNER
POLE'S GKEAT WORK
' Fourth race — The Waterhouse cup; two 'and
a quarter miles; three-yea/-olds ' and up; purse
$3000: — , ...
6223 Lacy Crawford (Schreiber) 08
(6175)Horton (Blanch! & Co.) ..104
GO8B Grafter (Blaslnsrame) ...:.".... ..;...-.105
*5513 Illo Shannon - (Coffey) . , , , .y./ M ...... 07
. Third race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
a'nd up; selling:. ¦ "-S^^sSSSSfS
C208 Cherries (Fuller) : '. .101
6211 Midway (Piedmont Stable) . iS5
6218 Doris ( Jone*) ..• 85
6100 Slsenvine (Stoer) .."......,.... iaj
6171 »Our Pride (Howe Stable)............ la*}
61.15 Foxy Grandpa (Coffey) 90
6181 Albemarle (Quintan) .....103
6182 Titus (Meek) .:.-....,....: s on
6234 Pure Dale (Thomas & Reavey)......iO2
6194 *Amoruna. (McGuIre) .02
«234 Dr. Sherman (White) ..lus
6234 Nonie (Garden City Stable).......... 101
Second race- 1 - Half a mile; two-year-olds;
purse.
(6159)The Mist (Hammond)- ............109
6159 Edgccllff (Burns & Waterhouse).... . .KM
(60tifl)nose Eley (Blaslngame). .. .. . .......113
6220 George P. .McNear (Stover). ....... ..116
Ben Eric (Dobeon) :....' ..112
6207 Anaurus (Ryan) .101
(5S95)Artsbe (Napa Stock Farm). .:..... ...109
6207 Lady Nlnora (Harri«..... .......:... .101
First race — Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up; selling, v
55(10 Dora I (Inglls) 101
C21S Kipper (Lane) .....'...... 00
«1»4 »Ar«;ot (Rich) :..¦««
«0G2 Hogarth (Carmody) 87
C014 Kionda (Hughes) .:. .......10::
6218 »Royal White (Fountain).:. ..'.:.. .;.. 94
5372 Tom Fox (Clancy) ¥.... . ; '.;... 09
C211 'Dusty Miller (Sheridan) 85
C219 Mary Dunn (Bender & Co.').......;.; 85
6208 Jim Roberts (Watklns).;.. :....l(Ki
C219 Vaughan (Mrs. Hertzel) . . ... 87
6052 Skip Me (Madison & Co.)..... 100
Distance events are always popular,
and the Waterhouse cup, at. two miles
and a quarter, down for decision this
afternoon, should attract one of the
largest crowds of the season. Among
the starters are Our Bessie, the crack
Texas mare; game little Horton, Win
ner of. a Burn* handicap; Horatlus,
winner of last year's Seattle derby, and
Grafter, another useful performer.
Barney Schreiber will be represented
by Lacy Crawford, and Jimmy Coffey
will take a try for the rich stake wi^h
Rio Shannon. Veterano likes a route
and will be a certain starter. The Cali
fornia Jockey Club adds $3000.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
The California Jockey Club received
official notification from the Crescent
City Jockey Club, New Orleans, yester
day stating that the entries of Tommy
Griffin had been ordered refused. His
trainer, McCloskey, is indefinitely sus
pended. Tommy's troubles were
brought about by substituting a
scrubby-looking filly in the paddock at
New Orleans for Sweet Pepper. This
trick caused the odds to recede and,
when the money had all been bet, the
real Sweet Pepper was led into the
paddock.
Wiggins, the filly formerly owned by
Willie Rink, was heavily backed to
take the opening event. 3he was prob
ably a trifle short.
Jack Martin piloted two winners.
Escobosa was 100 to 1 at one stage
of the betting on the two-yt-ar-old race.
Gruwell could do nothing with Con-
Etellator, finishing .back in the bunch.
It begins to look as if The Fretter
has had his day. If within ten pounds
of his best form, Frank O'Rourke'a
Brutus horse looked good enough to
dispose of the. bunch starting, in the
mile and a furlong number. 'He was
accordingly backed down to 9 to 5 fa
voritism and 'finished absolutely last,
after being .miserably i handled by
Sherwood. Fille d'Or, a 30 to 1 out
sider, with C. Smith on her back,
passed Nellie Bawn on the far turn
and for a time looked all over a win
ner. Tiring, though, as the paddock
was approached, Expedient led the
mare out a neck. Elmer 1/ downed
the well played Cloche d'Or for the
show.
"Doc" Kyle finally landed a race
with Keynote. The Eastern horse
met an ordinary collection of platers
in the concluding mile and a sixteenth
run and at odds of 7 to 10 galloped in
first by six lengths. Ulloa took the
place from Theodora L by a head.
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
Everybody thought Gloomy Gus
would have an easy thing in taking the
two-year-old dash, buf he didn't. The
books held the Burns & Waterhouse
youngster a 7 to 10 chance, and in an
other driving finish he just did last
long enough to down Light of Day a
neck. Steel "Wire gave out early., los
ing the show to Escobosa, a 60 to 1
shot. , •
Constellator opened favorite. for the
seven-furlong selling number, but a's
Gruwell has yet to show that he pos
sesses ability to pilot- winners", the
gelding's price receded in the betting.
Charley McCafferty's Flaneur, with
Bonner in the saddle, finally closed
favorite and, after leading throughout,
won with a little to spare from Mar
elio. Jack Martin, on Decoy, a 10 to 1
chance, only lost the place by a nose.
GRUWELL'S POOR RIDE.
;";' Thebooka encountered some' i squally
.weather. : as five out of six public
choices docked first, all" well backed.
The attendance was good, and there
was no paucity of coin in the ring. *
There were several absentees from
the opening sprint, which left Jimmy
Coffey's colt Ocyrohe'a 6 'to 5 favorite.
He won,! but was given a' strong ar
gument by the 6 to 1 shot. Riesca. 'In
a long, driving finish 'Willie Daly land
ed the first choice winner by a head.
Dell Fountain's Salto ran an ordinary
third.
BOOKIES ARE HARD HIT.
Sam. the jungle demon, earned
more honors by capturing the six-fur"-"
long jj handicap at Oakland yesterday,
sHoulderlng Sherwood and 114 pounds.
Harry Green's sprinter opened up an
'even-'money chance, and when the odds
stretched to 9 to 5 the ..market became
panicky, and those Who climbed aboard
at wthe. openings quotations, were 'looking
for a fireplace to toait their feet. How
aver, x the alarm* 1 proved a fals^one, ;f or
Sad Sam jumped away in the lead, as
.usual. an.d-.wWle Jimmy Jones- or* -the
lightweight Soufriere clung as closely
to him as. a porous. planter adheres to
the spinal column, the favorite beat' the
clever filly out a head. '¦-./[: . :
The Don, a- bit tardy about' I getting
Into his stride, closed strongly; finish
ing less than two lengths/back. Stilicho
was well -supported,, but could not ne
gotiate the ; ;cuppy going. .*. . "
Father of the Jockey Has His
Badge Taken Up and He .Is
Escorted Off Ascot Track
viunov 31 mil tun Is Loud in
His Praise of the Many
Athletes Under His Charge
Waterhouse Cup Will
Be Decided To-
Day .
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
SAD SAM GOES BACK IN THE BETTING,
BUT IS NOT H E ADE D I N HANDICAP
REFUSES TO RIDE
LAUREATEA AT
JUDGES' ORDER
CARDINAL MEN
SHOW WELL ON
CINDER PATH
JOKEY ARTHUR REDFERN RULED OFF THE TURF FOR DISOBEDIENCE
B0NIFIELD WINS
TWO RACES IN
OLYMPIC TANK
CORBETT GIVES
ADMIRERS CAUSE
FOR UNEASINESS
Little Champion Shows No
Haste in Settling Down to
Training for His Fight
Polytechnic Swimmer Re
duces His 100 Yard Rec
ord Nearly Two Seconds
COMPETITORS CHEERED
BRITT IS. IN EARNEST
Eepresentatives of Schools
in Academic League Make
liafters King With Shouts
Is Improving Each Shining
Hour at His Quarters at
Croll's Gardens,; Alanieda
The sixth annual swimming tourna
ment for the championship of the
Academic League was held last night
at the Olympic Club. Representatives
of the different schools were there in
great numbers and cheered and gar*
college yella which made the rafters
ring. Enthusiasm was unbounded. The
feature of the tournament was the 100
yard race, won by W. E. C. Bonifleld
of Polytechnic School In 1:09 1-5 sec
onds, beating his previous record of
1:11 seconds.
Sidney St. L. Cavill gave an ex
hibition of fast and fancy swimming,
going through his customary expert
aquatic feats to the edification of the
great crowd present.
Incidental to the general exhibition
participated in by the members of the
different colleges. members of the
Olympic Club Introduced a special
fifty-yard handicap, which was won by
R. Lundy In 35 seconds. R. Lyons
pressing him a close second. This race
was introduced in» the middle of the
programme in order to give the other
participants a chance for a slight rest.
Taken as a whole, the tournament wa3
up to the general standard of excel
lence exhibited in previous contests of
this league. Summary:
100 yards— Won by W. E. C. Bonlfleld. Poly,
technlc; J.Tiarles Fay. Wilmerdlng' School, sec
ond, and Clarence L'unha, Boone's Academy,
third. Time. 1 :feO 1-5.
44O yards — Won by Mead Cornell. Lick; J.
Johnson. Wilmerdtne:. second, and Lowell Krls>
baum of Lowell School, third. Tim*. 8:25.
220 yards— Won by W. E. C. Bontfte!d, Poly
technic; Clarence Cunha, Boon-'s. second, and
James Rose, Boone's, third. Time. 3:19.
8S0 yards— Won by H. J. McKemie. Poly
technic; M. Bean. Lowell, second, and Donald
Day, Lick, third. Time, 15:55.
J. J. Gleason was referee. Georga
James acted as starter, and the timers
were Kenneth Melrose, A. P. Roth
kopf, F. R. Butz and Perry T. Tomp
kins. Committee in charge, W. L.
Potts and Harold Clifford.
Young Corbett'aVapnarent/ careless
ness regarding hls^cqming- battle with
Jimmy Britt is causing his "admirers
some uneasiness. His present Intention
is to settle down to training* on Tues
day'next. This will allow him but fif
teen days in which to" prepare himself
for what is conceded to be a hard bat
tle." ¦; •• ' ". ¦
- It was thought the lesson he. learned
when he fought Hanlon the first time
would ."make ** him cautious, jbufc it did
not -have ; a lasting effect. If Hanlon
had experienced men behind him' that
night the. general opinion is that he
would have won. as he caught his op
ponent entirely out of form.
:When Corbett fought Mc'Govern here
he was eleven pounds overweight five
days before the contest and was mak
ing no effort to get down to the re
quired figures. He was finally in
duced ' to take a serious view of the
situation and weighed in safely at the
appointed time.
'There is a suspicion that Corbett
holds Britt lightly and that he thinks
a little training will carry him through
safely. This confidence is likely to
prove his undoing some day when he
Is caught napping by some strong, am
bitious youngster.
Ten miles on the road at a fast clip
was part of th'e exercise taken by
Britt in his training work yesterday in
Alameda. With Fred Landers he took
to the highway in the morning ami
traveled from Croll's Gardens to Fruit
vale and return. After an easy rub
down Britt rested until 3 o'clock, when
he went into the gymnasium. There
he pummeled the punching bag for half
an hour and mixed with Landers for
six fast rounds. Jimmy did not go at
Landers as viciously as fie Intends to
later on, for the reason that Landers
Is preparing himself to meet Lynn
Trescott, the Australian, In a ten
round preliminary to the Woods-Kelly
battle before the Sequoia Club* of Oak
land next Tuesday night. Landers is
availing himself of Brltt's cleverness
and expects to make his opponent long
for the land of the kangaroo after their
contest.
Frank Rafael is domiciled at Croll's
Gardens and is rea/iy to stand all
kinds of heavy work as sparring part
ner 'or the Calif ornian. -. v"
BAY CITY CLUB PRESENTS
' AMATEURS OF ALL. KINDS
TO INVADE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC TERRITORY
Santa Fe Preparing to Bid for North
ern California Deciduous
Fruit Shipments.
The Santa Fe Railroad, through th«
medium of the Santa Fe Disoatch, a
subsidiary company of the railroad,
has announced its intention of enter
ing Northern California as a formid
able competitor of the Southern Pa
cific in the handling of all kinds of
deciduous fruit. J. S. Leeds, manager
of the dispatch company, arrived from
Chicago last evening and admittted at
the Palace that he Is here to bid for
fruit shipments. He said:
"We have no particular grievance
against any one and do not intend to
inaugurate a battle royal, as some
may think. We simply want our pro
portion of the business. There is no
truth in the statement that we have
purchased river, steamers, but as the
Sacramento River is a waterway open
to any one and there is a great amount
of fruit grown along that river, it ia
likely that we will make an effort to
secure a portion of the business orig
inating In that district. We consider
that we have the best refrigerating
cars in operation, about 4000 in num
ber, and with our own rails from Cal
ifornia to Denver, Kansas City, St.
Joseph and Chicago and with an
abundance of experience, we believe
that we should have a share of the
fruit business from the northern part
of this State."
Mr. Leeds stated that in all proba
bility Antioch would be selected as a
point for handling the Northern Cal
ifornia fruit, it being particularly ad
vantageous' in the way of temperature
In moving fruit down the river into
the colder atmosphere of the bay.
WASHINGTON BANKRUPT
TAKEN INTO CUSTODY
Good Hnmorcd Crowd Howls at L.u
tllcron^ Sights Created by Clown-
Like Fighters.
The Bay City Athletic Club's bill of
boxing last night was a decidedly
unique one, in which amateurs with
and without skill were seen in the
ring.
The first match was a four-round
¦dispute between Frank Dell and Wil-"
liam, Brannan. The two men put up
a ludicrous bout and after four rounds
of clown-like pantomime the decision
was given to Dell.
James Leary of the Diamond Ath
letic Club and George Cole were the
next pair. They put up a rattling
good fight for four round, when Leary
was declared the winner for his ag
gressive work.
Young McClure and Carl Winters
went a few while it lasted, but a stiff
right to the jaw sent Winters to the
long count in the first round.
Ben Price and Arthur Oliver of the.
heavy-weight division fought two
rounds, when Oliver knocked his man
out. '¦/•[',,
Harry Tenny put Manual Torres to
sleep in the second round with a
smashing left to the jaw. Torres put
up a great go and is as quick as chain
lightning. The men fought with the
agreement to protect themselves at all
times. The knock-out came in a
breakaway and Torres hit the mat as
if shot. He was carried to his corner
and it was some minutes before he re
gained consciousness.
The main event was between Jack
O'Brien and Jack O'Brien. Jack
O'Brien won. • One of the men was
from the Telegraph Hill Club and the
other hails from the Brooklyn Club.
The south of the slot man successfully
defended the reputation of his neigh
borhood and was given the decision by
forcing the fight.
Alexander Isaacs, Adjudged Guilty of
Contempt, Is Arrested on Bench
Warrant.
Alexander Isaacs, a "Washington State
bankrupt, was arrested here yesterday
on a warrant Issued by the northern
court. Isaacs was ordered by the ref
eree at Tacoma to turn over merchan
dise valued at 16379 23 and $1073 23 in
cash to the trustee. He failed to obey
the order, and when adjudged in con
tempt left the jurisdiction of the court.
He was released shortly alter hla ar
rest yesterday on a $7500 bond to ap
pear at 10 o'clock Monday morning be
fore United States Commissioner Hea
cock and show cause why he should,
not be extradited.
Rebels In Uruguay Defeated.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay. March 4.—
It Is officially announced that General
Muniz, commander of the Uruguayan
forces, has routed the troops of the
revolutionary leader Sarisave at^Unks
de Quequaychico. The rebels fled, aban
doning a number of killed and wounded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^ SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1904.
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS*
MCLEAR HAVANA^^
ffim The Smoothest W^rHE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1904.
12
I EDUCATIONAL.
WRITE to California Business Colleg" for In-
formation concerning February club dis-
count: on moving into our new and elegant
building we want SOO students; com* and
Jcin the great school of the West: 73-pa<*
catalogue 901-925 Golden Gate av».
THE Lyceum an accredited preparatory school
Jor the university law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening session. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 3-
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
languages telegraphy. English tranches; day
tnd night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
ATRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
kft st.; established is years; the school that
secures positions for graduates: Just added 23
new typewriters; catalogue free.
A LA-IGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand Kill* bookkeeping. 3. F. Business
College. 1233 Market st.
SOCIAL, dances Wed.. Thurs.. Pat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Loulne Foster's
School of DancJn,?. 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of offlclal court reporters and b« com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College. Odd Fellows' bid. :
bookkeeping, shorthand touch typing, artta..
spelling, writing, etc. ; day eve. ; $4 mo. cr».
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity, 24 Post
st. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.min.. mech.. rur-
vey assay cyanide; day, ev. ;estlSS4. Vaa
uer Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
bet. Pine »n<l California: classes now open.
KENT Law School; furnishes free books; al-
ways osen. 536 Parrott building.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 Oeary «t
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo-;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 823 Halght st
ESPANOL. — Metodo practlco y prosreslro.
Rafael Serrano. 030 California, cuarto na. 4.
SCHOOL OP ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pln» st— Night class.
PIANO -lessons. 25c half hour. MR3. PECK,"
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH. French, etc. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of language.320 Post;estab'd 1871; ablest prof a.
DENTISTS.
DIt LUDLUM H ILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ar»
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting SOc; gas given. •
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — cannot break;
warranted 2O yrs; crown, $3 50: fillings, ftoc;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dfntal Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. H. G. YOUNO — Brtdsis and teeth with-
out plat«s a specialty. 1941 Polk st.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. .15c: crowns. $2: no
pain ;open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up:nl!in£s.25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.l4.1ss
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DHES.SMAKEIM AX D SEA.MSTItES.SKH
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; doubls
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure-; eve, class 1010 Mkt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush~i33^
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st Tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 Vi O'Farrell; tel. East 4i«.
FRITZ'S Emp. Offlce; Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 16a.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all klads help. 315 Stockton; Main 51 <0».
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1037. nRADLKY Ik CO.. (Uf> Clav.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
GOVERNESS wishes position: thoroughly ex-
perienced teacher and musician; piano, voice
culture. German and English branches litera-
ture; country preferred; references; term*
$30. Box £450, Call.
REFINED girl, fine sewer, desires a position
as seamstress; Is willing to assist with tha
upstairs work, but not to wait on the table.
516 Van Ness ave.. basement.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes housekeeper's po-
sition ; neat: good cook; no objection to
country. Address Housekeeper, 206 Eddy st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires cooking and
some housework for a family; no washing;
no window cleaning. Call 534 Natoma st.
A YOUNG girl wishes position aa cook in nlca
family. Call in morning at 51 Hermann
¦t, near Valencia.
A WOMAN with references desires washing or
housework by the day: terms, $1 and carfare.
Address box 2401. Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 270 Minna
street.
A HOUSEKEEPER with child 4 years; best
references. 105O Larkin st.. near Sutter.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 523 Second
street.
WOMAN wants washing and Jronlngj by th»
day. 2500 Mission st.
LADY wishes plain sewing, binding or red-
lining ladles' and gentlemen's clothes: mend-
Ing done on short notice. Room 23. 232
Van Ness ave.. phone Folsom 803.
A SWEDISH woman wants place as house-
keeper or light general housework; wages
$15 to $20; city or country. Call 45CO ISth st.
DRESSMAKER desires work at home; shirt
waists. $1 up; dress skirts. $1 50 up; chil-
dren's dresses $1 up. 1022 Fuisora St.
WOMAN wishes to take charge of a prlvat*
or rooming house: good references and secur-
ity given. Box 2*14. Call offlce.
STRONO German girl, good cook, wants po-
sition for kitchen and housework; Ameri-
can family. Address box 2S29. Call ofSc-.
A BRIGHT young lady would like position ia
a store or offlce. Apply 372S Twenty-third st.
LAUNDRESS wants work two first days of
the week." 743 Kolsom, phone Red 577.
A YOUNO girl would like to mind baby and
be useful. Call 51 Natoma st
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tha
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYIIBNT W.1XTED MALE.
SINGLE mlddle-aced American of experience
wants situation as cook and general utility
man on small suburban . place; b?st refer-
ences. Addr«39 box 2478. Call offlce.
WISH position as clerk. A. W. DAVIS, 0c0
Taylcr st.
BELI.BO? or elevator man wishes position;
useful man. Box 2121. Call office. .•
RELIABLE, steady young man wishes situa-
tion for half days; no janitor work: refer-
• ence. Address H. E. H., 132^ Railroad ave..
Alameda.
WANTED — A pcsitlon by a first-class tool-
maker and machinist: good at repairing ami
all kinds of pipe work; city or country. Box
2446. Call of lice.
YOUNO Spanish man, speaks no English,
wishes situation as porter in Iv'e! or general
work, or around private place. Box 2*43.'
Call office. "
YOUNG man wants position In offlce; has little
knowledge of shorthand and bookkeeping; no
experience. Apply W. SCHMIDT. First and
Harrison sts.
THE great modern cutter and fitter wishes a
position as a tailor; 14 years* experience; in
country or city. 43O Natoma St.. city.
ELDERLY, reliable man wishes easy occupa-
tion cf any kind, e"lty or country; small
wages; good home. Box 2444. Call offlce.
ENGINEER desires position, either steam. gaTT
oline. electric or refrigerating; references
given. Address box 241U, Call offlce.
A TRUSTWORTHY man. S3. wants position as
ntght watenmar; can furnish references. Ad-
dress J. B., 750 Folsom st.
SITUATION wanted as bookkeeper or shipping
clerk; best of references; English or German
correspondence. Box 2423. Call offlce.
A PRACTICAL gardener wishes altuatlon on
private place: single; reference*. Address
473 Seventh st. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS ledger man desires position; best
cf references. Box 2120. Call offlce.
HO , TE fx cler i fUhea "po3uioa~day «* ofest.
Box 2133, CaU" , • v v
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALB.
A. CAMKKON *Tcc£ Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and PoweJI.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business cnances.
SO rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house in city; electric elevator; well fur-
nished: guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 per
month; books open for Inspection; everything
in nrst-class shape; on account other business.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
ing ?C00 per month; every room mil: will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms: rent only $100; well furt/.shed: lit-
tle apartment-house;" reduced to $U.C0.
106 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $250 to $400 per
month; going Kast. . *
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture; Axmlnster carpets; beautiful flat
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in" San Francisco: .beautiful, mod-
ern butldins; flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent SS6; well furnished; all new;
$C0O down, balance 1& per cent; flne buy; only
$1250.
126 rooms; rent only $4 Der room: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electrio elevator,
lights; long leass; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
8-rocm upper flat; corner; all sflnny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
12C rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per- day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $300 cash, balance on Install-
ments; price $S0O. ,
9-room, new. modern flat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
00 rooms: part offices : elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
¦ halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25: some housekeeping; clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 6-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
Ing $4ii0 to $000 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rooms; rent $95: flne location; all on 2
floors: 3 years' lease; clears $100; full: $2000. \
11 rcoms: rent $40*. close in; oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $58..over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms: rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market; flne bar. well stocked; brick
building; elc-c*.ric lights: everything good con-
dition: nart c<.sh, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
25 rooms; rent $140; hot and cold water; part
housekeeping; all full; clears 5150 per month;
w«ll furnished; leaving city; gift; $1200.
50 rooms; new: modern apartment-house: 10-
year lfatp; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition. .
71 rooms; Wegant. new. modern building; In
one »jf the best cities in Southern California;
electric lights: hot and cold water; everything
up to .Jate; 9-year .lease; rent only $200: clear-
ing $2S0 to $3C0 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms; well furnished: first-class tran-
sient house: 2 blocks oft Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over *100: good buy'for some one.
35 rooms; rent only $150; close In; thorough- ¦
ly renovated, put In first-class condition; can
be run Uansient If desired; clears now $185
per month; part cash, balance time; good
money-maker. t
14 rcoms: cheap rent; furnished In oak; Ax-
minste- ar.d Brussels carpets; new; half cash,
balance long time; make offer; departure.
31 roomt: rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $800
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
21 rooms well furnished: flne little down-
town transient house; clearing $100 per month;
obliged to leave the city; $1700. ~
20 rooms; cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture: Moquet carpets: good lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rcoms; rent only $75: Ellis: oak furni-
ture: uood carpets; clears $60: leaves 3 rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable. ¦*
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In flne front offices.
Phone Black 3007, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-datt.- title abstract free with, every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
SPECIAL NO. 1.
CORNER flat. 8 rooms; rent $30; 5 rooms
rented for $52; splendid bathroom; new porce-
lain bathtub; price only $450; $150 down.
* ~SPECIAL NO. 2.
ELEGANT, new, modern downtown house
of 50 rooms; bot and cold water; electric ele-
vator: Efam heat: In sulendid neighborhood;
the f urnlshincs are of the beat, consisting of
oak, enameled iron and brass beds, Brussels
and Axminiirter carpets and .elegant hangings;
lease for 8 years; clears $400 a month; suit-
able terms. ' .
SPECIAL NO. 3.
BEST furnished 30-room hous: in this city.
BEST lald-out 30- room house In this city.
NEW building; central; 3-year lease.
HOUSE now clears about $200 month.
~~ SPECIALS NOS. 6 AND 7.
21 rooms for sale because of family troubles;
worth $1SOO; will sell for $1300; low rent;
clears $75 month, . which can be greatly ln-
crtar.ed; roomers ail mechanics, good, honest
people: mortgage ($000) may remain.
~ SPECIALS NOS. 8 AND 0.
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE If you act quickly.
NEW, MODERN hi>use of 45 rooms.
NEW FURNITURE, In good location.
LEASE for 5 years at a low rental.
ROOMING-HOUSE full of nice people. .
ALL you need to pay down Is $1200.
NO. ».
NOW is your opportunity (If taken advantage
of at enc*) to purchase one of the finest 100-
room apartment-bouses in San Francisco; the
price Is nominal for such a house; exception-
ally well located: beautifully furnished
throughout; long lease at $5 per room; the
very btst bargain, which we will prove to you
If you will investigate.
SPECIAL NO. 10.
. 20 ROOMS, $050; rent $40; electric lights in
all rooms; lease If desired; north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 400. Hearst bldg.
SPECIAL NO. 11.
12 ROOMS, NE. CORNER, north of Market;
rent $40: flne location; 9 rooms nicely fur-
nished and o rooms rented unfurnished; price
cut to $500,- Vi cash. ,
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406. Examiner bldg.
MITCHELL A CO Phone Jessie 29S1
1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange; price $G50.
65 rooms; downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $3tO monthly; handsomely furnished.
26 rms.: choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well appointed housekeeping
¦ultes; landlady must sell; make /offer
;-: :¦-;; MITCHELL it CO.. 1206 Market st
SPECIAL NO. 15.
275 PER MONTH Income over rent: large
house: central: Price $3500; % cash and little
monthly Installment*; furnishings In good or-
der; It's A No 1 for you If you have $1750 In
cash.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406. Examiner bldg.
A — $1000; house of 30 rooms, 37 beds; rent $100,
lease cf 4 years: good furniture: rooms always
occupied. See R. G. WILKIE. 26^ Kearny st
SNAP — Lodging-house, 100 rooms; furniture
new; this week only, at 24 Turk st. v
18 ROOMS rent $70; long lease; furnished new;
clears $00. Call at 850 Ellis st.
54-ROOM corner house; . Sixth, near Market:
house always full; must sell. Box 2118. Call.
EDDY; 518 — An upper flat of 8 rooms; sunny
all day; veil furnished; a bargain.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper.for mailing. $1 per year.
__'_coara;oTioif omcxa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country.' Pacific Collection Co 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. MalnToC80.
CUBES BTTPTPBS. ¦
WHO?— Hunter.' 1206 Market st; $100; rupturs
cure/or $10; circular. explains; send for one.
«CLAmyOYAJVT»-^on«|^
AA— MME. RAVENNA, formerly of 5 Fourth
St., has permanently moved to her new and
elerant offices. £35 Howard st, bet Fourth
and Fifth; thanking her many patrons and
BOlicltlns their further patronage: business
advice; originator of names given; full life
reading, 50c until further notice.
MISS M. W1LLE. crystal seer. Ufa reader:
without asking a question reads your entire
life; special. $1 this week only. 460 Geary.
Mr.'. A. XI. KRONENBERG. palmist, dali^
voyant. card reader: when others fail try me;
. gocd readings 10c. 721 Franklin. nr.O.G. »»«.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved frcm 1S2 6th to 23^j 6th; 1. 25c, g. 30*.
MME. LE FERN, card reader, of 100 Fifth
St., has removfd to US Ninth st
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortunc-
teller Is now at 317 Ellis st
MRS. EIIAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44SH Jessie st. bet Sth and «th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
.10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
C A K I'KT MKATIiNO AM) CLKAM.Mi.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phoae Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
¦ send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 333-357 Tehama at; tel. South 4O.
DEL MONTE. 547 Hayes st: phone Page 638
Carpets renovated on the floor; also beating.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1SC0 Har-
rison st. ; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made. over. 1432 Howard ;tet. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st-
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
' reasonable. 1703 Harrison it ; tel. Mission 2u'l.
CONKLIN'8 Superior Carpet-beating - Works.
.333 C olden Gate ave. ; telephone East 28, '
C^AIRy«>YAjVTS-— Contlnneil.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
¦ .• Call af once and save $4.
His former $5 readings this week for
$1. $t. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him. . .
(Ycu to d« full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clalryovint and
Palmist ev«r in San Francisco.
Read carefully.. An honest proposition:
¦ ¦ •: 1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry, in fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated^ cause nappy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost -vital-
. ity, develop mediums, give advice on , mines
and buried treasures and Insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to 0.
326 — O'Farrell st.— 326.
ISM Alt, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
. palmist, permanently, located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m.; readings by mail as satlsfae-
tory as In person ; 3 questions answered, $1 ;
full life, $3; tend lock of hair.' date of year
. of birth; don't send currency: send poatofflce,
: Wells-Fargo money order or registered latter.
T » MRS. E.-M. SANDERS, •¦, *..-.
Palmist and ¦ psychic; advice on business;
teacher . of ¦ mental suggestion ' and the new
thought. 1009 Sutter st Phone 2568 Polk.
Evenings and Sundays by appointments.
THE only original Roman Gypeies In the city;
; palmists, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums: we have given , readings to 10.000
, people . In San -. Francisco ! sine* : our arrival ;
they are satisfied, .go will , you b». 285 Geary.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, 5 917 Market) rooms
: 11-12; gives dateg, names, facts; hours 11-0.
OLDEST lady, palmist and card reader In: city.
, ; ;2tJtt Kearoy, room 20; ladies. 25c; gents. 50c.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR". MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings daily, $1; de-
veloplng class Thursday 8 p. m. C02 Eddy st,'
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance Sunday,
1 o'clock. $1. 10S4 BuBh; phone Larkin 41 M.
MRS. CONNOLU 148 Cth" stl; circle to-nlgM;
convincing tests to-all, 10c; readings dally.
MRS. LESTER, 063 Mission; life reader, busl-
. ness medium; read, dally; clr. to-night, 10c.
EL1SE BRAUN, renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powerB. 8St> Bush.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, npted clairvoyant ' and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 837.
CLAIRVOYAM'S.
PROF. CLARK, THE GREATEST . -HYP-
NOTIC CLAIRVOYANT OF THE AGE AND
¦HUMAN X-RAY. WILL. GIVE DAILY
READINGS AT THE PARLORS OF THE
INSTITUTE OF PSYCHOLOGY, 521 GOLD-
EN GATE AVE.. ON BUSINESS. POLI-
TICS AND ALL IMPORTANT AFFAIRS
IN LIFE; DIAGNOSES DISEASES ACCU-
RATELY AND LOCATES FOREIGN' SUB-
STANCES IN THE HUMAN BODY.
PROF. HENKEL OF THE INSTITUTE
,. TEACHES HYPNOTISM. DEVELOPS
CLAIRVOYANT AND CURES LIQUOR,
g TOBACCO : AND MORPHINE HABIT AND
¦ • STAMMERING, AND ALL FEMALE ILLS
WITHOUT DRUGS. % . . ¦¦ -
MME. M. BERNARD .....THE FAMOUS
<;'¦ ¦ % Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
60c '• 60c 50c ~ 50c
v* My $3 readings : this week for . 50c . ¦ ...
Sh* reads your life correctly, gives an ac-
. curate description of the past, present And f u-
. ture.. It. In trouble consult her. and you will
be told bow to overcome them; gives valuable
advice in all affairs in life.
PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
50c- , •-¦- -60c . • 50c ' ¦ •• \ 60c
. 17 Third st , next , Examlner^bldg.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted, clair. & palm.;
, I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, ' bug. and 'financial" success; names;
; ; 1.., 5Oc; G.; fl. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
nryt\E<!« m \\<m*~ rontinnf*.
X^$ICO0; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
callerj'. averaging about $'J «O per day; ex-
penses about $5 per day: will sell or trade
for lodging-house. See R. O. WILKE, 2t;H
Kearny st. ,
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery in cholc-
ert location; rent $60; dally receipts about
$70; a good business, but eickness of owner
compels him tc retire. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 20«4 K?arny st.
A — $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Market
and Stockton ets. : rent $73; a splendid loca.
tlon ?nd rare business chance.- See R. G.
WILKE. 'Jtfii Kearny st.
A— S22S0; STEAM laundry and property;
w;ulpped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.:
no opposition; in thriving country town about
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE, 20fi Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 60x100;
hcufe of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 'i horses, wagon,
etc.; price $."5000; not all cash required; a
good business. Call R. G. : WILKE. 26 V4
Kearr.y st.
A— $4000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest investigation so-
licited. S*e K. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
ettablirhment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a first-class paying business;
ether Investments only cauae of sale. 8e«
R G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4 ',-4 barrels
per day; daily sales ?45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^3 Kearny st.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
etore; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight; a cplendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny St. .
A — $500; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about J10;
choicest location in the Mission. See K. U.
WILKE. 2Ufr Kearny it.
A— $2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth st.. Market and Stockton;
place speaks for Itself: all particulars. R.
G. WILKE. 2OV6 Kearny st^
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur-
nUhed rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $65; a
business where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
St.; rent $40: lease; 3 horses. 0 wagons; busi-
ness <>stab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tiVa Kearny at.
A— 51OO REWARD
will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lest a dollar who Invested
any money in our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY. /
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. $00,000.
927 Market st. : rooms .121. 322. 323. 324.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rotims; richly furnished,
complete and r«»ady for occupancy; lar^e din-
ing-room with 10 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; th«: best carpets money can buy
throughout ; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' l«>ase: $10.(>00; easy terns.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market *t.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and Fervtce* secure lntenst arid
office of treasurer in an Incorporated realty
anO investment company; $150 moniniy as-
sured; hichest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Matket ft.
A — 2 PFR CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. -J27 Market st.
THK UEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1004.
Gr.RMANIA INVEST. CO.. 'J27 Mark?t st.
THE MUTUAL INVESTMENT CO..
467 PARROTT. BUILDING.
The following are a few of our bargains
that must go:
Elegant new rooming-house, 6 floors.. $15, 000
Fine saloon and cigar stand 1,400
Swell saloon and fixtures 750
Central cigar stand COO
Tea etore — a snap.- IKK)
Ladies' tailoring, good trade 1.500
Candy factory — money maker 2.200
Grocery — good business 1,500
Massage baths, t neap C00
THE MUTUAL INVESTMENT CO..
855 MARKET STREET.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY. 200 Kearny St.,
room 1; several fine business chances to offer:
Candy store; big stock; well patronized; price.
$850; rent, $30; biggest bargain ever offered.
Corner cigar stand; rent, $25; price, $175.
Corner cigar stand; big trade; price, $1300.
Branch bakery: daily receipts, $10; price, $200.
Delicacy store; rent. $20: bargain • price, $200.
Restaurant and chophouse; bargain; price. $700.
Partner to attend counter and take cash in res-
taurant: small capital required; flne chance.
Rooming-house; Market St.; fine location:
clears $150 mo.; long lease; 20 rms.; elegant
carpets and furniture; price reduced to $2300.
WE are establishing a department stor« in
Los Angeles, located . In the" center of the
Intelligent middle classes, mechanics and la-
boring people, and willing to negotiate with
merchants desiring to take space; rare opi
portunity for dry goods, notions, clothing,
ehoes. china and crockery, cloaks and suits,
stationery, carpets and drapery. CALIFOR-
NIA GENERAL MERCANTILE COMPANY,
222 Franklin St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
READ THIS AD! " '
$C0OO— Best corner saloon and cigar stand
ever offered in Oakland; old established cor-
ner and business; 5-year-loase at low rent;
reason for selling given with full particulars
by THE ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway Oak-
land.
AUTOMOBILE — Partner wanted; Join adver-
tiser In opening showroom, storage and re-
pair depot; have finest agencies; want part-
ner, mechanical ability, able devote entire
time; must also Invest $2500 cash, be u«;d In
business: equal Investment upon advertiser's
part; triflers need not apply. Box 2425. Call.
FINE grocery and bar. corner north of Market,
long leace, low rent, $2500. part cash; corner
taloon. on water front. $1100; paying brewery
business. $2T.OO. or will sell part: paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and Indginz
houses for rale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
WANTED — A partner with $500 In a manufac^
turlng business; articles of everyday use;
camp trade supplied each day; the profits
are 100 per cent, but It requires two per-
sons to run the business. Address box 2580,
Call offlce.
WHOLESALE district; no night or Sunday
work; cigar store, must be sold on account of
sicknees in family; no agents. See proprietor
at 324 Clay st., corner Battery.
ADVERTISEMENTS WRITTEN. circulars,
public notices, pamphlets prepared; consult
R J. SCHIRMAN. expert ad. writer, room
_720. Emma Sprcckels building.
BUSINESS proposition: will bear investigation;
$.V>1 can clear $150 monthly; see this at once
J. E. TETLOW. 850 Market et., room 14.
FOR sale— Fine retail milliner? store; Market.
Ft. location. Apply HOLM & NATHAN, 512
Market St.
FOR sale — The only first-class road house In
California near San Francisco. Address box
2458. Call of nee. ,
BUTCHER, shop for sale at a bargain ; goodie
cation: good business; must sell; no agents.
Box 24SS. Call.
ACTIVE man with $500 to take half interest
in eld established real estate business; refer-
enceg required. P. O. box 1C2, Oakland, Cal.
FOR rent— Blacksmith shop, with or without
tools; established Blx years. Inquire 1806
Railroad ave., Alameda..
DELICATESSEN store near Pa'k. In a good
business location: living rooms: rent $27 50;
will sell for $S50. Box 2552. Call offlce.
GROCERY and liquors In Western Addition for
sale, reasonable; stock in first-class shape.
Box 2600. Call offlce.
FOH sale — Hoarding house; 15 rooms; rent,
$40; steady boarders. 323 First et
FOR sale — Horseradish grinding and dclicates-
sen business. 2401 & Mission at. .« .
$500— HALF or all of my bar and grocery.
Box 247S). Call offlce.
SHOE shop, 3CD Turk st, for sale at low price
it, account of leaving. ¦¦.
FOR SALB — Grocery and bar In Mission: good
bar trade; good corner. Box 2593, Call.
FOR sale^ — Cheap; blacksmith shop,' doing good
business. Corner Fell and Gough sts.
GENTLEMAN wanted— Buy a chiropodist par-
lor. Box 2431. Call office. ,-
GROCERY and bar for Bale cheap. 3127 :
Buchanan st. . . '
A GOOD situation for a man with some cash-
good security. ._Box_2427. Call office. -•
WILL buy a good business, cheap, for cash;
what have you? Box 2428, Call offlce.
FOR sale— Chophouse; $500; part cash, balance
on easy terms. Box 2430, Call offlce.
SHOE repairing shop for 'isale ; cheap. ill
_Alb»on .ave. . ~ - ' . —
¦WANTED — A- ealoon In good location; state
. price agked.. Box 2905. Call offlce.
FOR sfcle^ — Complete dyeing and- cleaning
. _work«. Box 2S01. Call. .
WANTED — A rood salesman. Room 21S," Em-
. • ma Spreckels bldg., 027 Market at ' .- -
rOHJT D. SPBECKSIiS, Proprietor.
turn ttranaiicn n HH mciapgh, iwei
W. 3. MARTIN. . Business Manager
TELErKOXE.
A*k fcr TUT: CALL. The Operator Will Con -
acct Tou Wltn ihe Department You Wish.
TutJicatlon Offir* Market and Third. S. F-
Editorial Rocm 217 to 221 Stevenson *t.
r>e!ivrre<I by CarrierK. IX Ct*. Per Week. 75
Cis. Per Morth. Stncle Cople« 5 c ' nt *-.,. w
Tern:« by Mall Including Postase iCash \\ itB
Order) : A
DAILT CALL rlnrlud. Sunday). 1 year... $8.00
IMILV CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mo».... «£<>
PAILY CALL— By Single Month •{£
FVKDAT CALL. 1 Yfar ff*
IVnEKLT CALL. 1 Year i. 7 .
Fnprirv 'Daily... SS.fcO Fer Year Extra
Po£?jr£ - S*ni.v. «.15 Per Year Extra
rCSTAOl^. Lv.eekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMAPTEKS AKE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Earcrle Copies will be forwarded when re-
queeted.
Mall «ub*crlber« in ordering chance of ad-
*re*a fhould be particular to Slve both NtW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
rrompt end correct compliance •wlib their r«-
«Jett.
.... OAKLAND OFFICE. ' m '-- , /s- .
iII8 BroeCwey Telephone M»ln 1083
BERKELEY OFTICE. _
n<8 Center Street Telephone Norta 77
Washington" correspondent.
CAMVtL VT. WALL. Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Bretano. 31
fr.icn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
tft Hotel and Hoffman Houte.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS':
Pherman House: P O. New« Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House. Auditorium
Hotel; Pait^er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGN'ESS..Marquette Building
(Lonr Distance Telephone, •'Central 2$19.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune BulUlnr
NEW TOP.K CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
EtTINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call comer Market and Third streeti: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IPOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
127 Montgomery etreet comer Clay; open un-
til 8:OOp. m.
TOO Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
«>-"3 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S-I1 M'.ssicr. street; open until 10 p. m.
?cei Market street corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 r. m.
roe. Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
JCPC Valencia rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast eerner Church and Duncan atreeta;
cren until 9 p. m.
Ncnhwen comer of Twenty- second and Ken-
tucky ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETtKO ;»OT1CKS.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal m
Arch Masunts. meet* THIS (SATUR-W
DAT) AFTEBKOOM at 2 o'clock, also /V\
this evening at 7 o'clock. R. A. De-
Kree. H. G. PRIN'CE. Secretary.
GOLI'EN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and »
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (SATUR-'W
I>AV) EVENING at 7 o'clock; first de- /VN
gree. Ey order of W. M.
EDWIX L. MEYER. Secretary.
MISSION Lodre No. ICT. F. and A. M.— B
Calk-d rr.f-etir.g THIS (SATURDAY) Wf
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock; first de-/>r\
pr*<- R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
FRIENDS and members are earnestly v-*.'/*-
requested to at'.en.l the twenty-fifth £^*^«
a r: n:\ert-ary fr.tf rtair.mtnt. liall and fQ&Si?
rwnqurt of the Austrian Military and " s a»«»
Benevolent Association, to be held at En-
thract Hall. 2.T7 Twelfth St., THIS (SATUR-
DAY* EVENING, commencing at 8 o'clock
Bhan.. THE COMMITTEE.
ANNUAL MEETING — Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Con-.par.y — The recular annual meeting
cf the stockholders of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the
cff.ee of the company. 327 Market street,
rocm 4. pecend floor. In the city and county
cf San Francisco. State of California, on
SATURDAY, the 5th day of March. A. D
1001. at the hour of. 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a Board of Director*
to eerve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business aa mar
properly erne before the meeting. Transfer
locks will close on TUESDAY, February 23
1304. at the hour of 3 o'clock Dm.
II. W. THOMAS. Secretary Paauhau Surar
ss: ci? paay - ** Market *-- gaa
___ AGBXTS^ WAKTKD. ~~
MEN and women for city and^min'try~agre~nt»~ :
wrr k!y balary. expenses or commission; steady
12^S McAlllrter Et.. 9-11 a.m.
ADVERTISEMENT WKITHTO.
HAVING, recentiy acquired through"«chane^
cf property three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising in the United State*
1 will stll them at 25 per cent discount for
cath: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ln« by correspondence and assists its rrad-
V fVT*.. to f ~ cure Positions; catalogues fur-
nisned on application. Address box SO2«. Call.
j* Tl OK ,VE V}-A'I.LA\V.
W. H. BITTNER; '
ATTOR-VKT AND COUNSELOR AT Uff
Advice Free. Phone South 743
Suite 322. Emma Epreckels Building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eis-ht causes; damages secured for injuries to
• person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments for debts; bends furnished; bankruptcy
proceed ir.g»: wills probated: estates settled"
collections made in all parte of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fe«.
tee me find pave money; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
.r,^ b J ls - led y " : ""¦• J « 2. 3. 4 i 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market Ft., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice tree all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg .
«.th floor, *ntr»ncc room «11; established 20
>earE; all rtst:, general court and office prac-
tice: no fee In advance or for consultation •
-venlngt by appointment. Tel. Red 306L
L. S. CLARK. 027 Market ..t.; consu'.taUon
. frfe; no fees in advance; open evenlnra.
Ul VORCE— Costs. $12; «iu!ck. quiet; advice
fr~r- «p»n *vfn;riri». 027 Market »t.. rm. SOI
nUSI.VESS JCHAXCES. ~~
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1030
3 Eddy »t., cor. Market ar.d Powell.
Headquarter* for al! kinds of business chances.
OyutPr and cbophouses $350 to $1000
Candy and lee cream parlors. . .$200 to $2500
Barber shuus $500 to %2M0
iifur stands $350 to $2000
Groceries ar;d bars $&00 to $0000
£ alt f Ilfc $300 to $ 10.000
" eE 'f urant » $350 to $2o.OOO
irult anj \-egetibIe stores f^Ou to SluOO
i£",?," tonra f 2000 to $0000
Dt.ica.e^.en ttores $250 to $4500
Wood end coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR rale— Beautiful mountain resort. less than
cn> to htste: 1^*8 than 3 hours' ride from
heel, with barns, tbeds. etc.; 3 years' lease :
S15!f '2 nscr: re " taI I*"" horse..'
SmS^Ti? CW8: . b * r wel > dipped; billiard
CO . 3 Eddy *£* Unt death - CAMERON &
F ?^. , S^i Ie . or t™^«— Qu»rtr mine: flne prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton- trade
for ring-house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy?
FOR tale-Well located candy store; all e<julp-
rccnt for making own candles; established 8
years; clean oAr C200 per month: will T ln-
volce about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy at.
FOR rale— One of the best restaurants In -Ity-
cheap rent; receipts *75 to SloO day will
& S CO I . n 3 CT Eddy t '«u : PI1Ce * 150 °- CAMER °N
FOR sale, or will trade for email ranch— Fine
hardware and electrical supply e tore- well
located: clearing f300 per month; nr«t-cla»s
proposition; will stand strict Invexti-atlon-
price tfeOOO. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Kddy "t?
A nrrLICACT and branch bakery; one of the
best propositions In the city; established four
years: 4 furnished JJvlnr rooms; only SVio
£KIRM, 6 Eddy «t.. room 72. *^'
BARBERS, attention! Fine downtown shon 4
chairs: AI business; Only 5300: 10 other*
SKIRM, C Eddy st.. room 72. <*»««•
PLt'MBING and tinning business for sale; es-
tabllehed for many year* rame locality; rea-
son, slcknexs; price, $2000; 'good customers
Box 2*85. Call office.
A— $350— PARTNER old-eetab. office: clearing
$.*!00 trio.: no experience required; bank refs,
run .particulars BROOKBANK. 017 : Market.
x^. _,^x X " -J •«- -¦¦ V^^ 1 fc <*- J ** <^ jl 1 J A rV-, -V^.^ a J 'JL 1 jl JL - A< x. x_ *S A., JL H
IS OFTEN THE
RESULT
TRAYS! /?.TRAYS! * TRAYS!
pREE TO CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS
' % TT-T
EXT SUNDAY S CALL
USEFUL HOUSEHOLD GIFTS
YOUR CHOICE OF EITHER A TABLE TRAY OR A
BREAD TRAY.
Corinthian Engraved Nickel Trays— Assorted Designs.
Oval Corinthian Engraved Nickel Bread Trays.
¦— The above trays are solid nickel-plated white metal with artistically engraved centers, highly pol-
ished and beautifully embossed rims.
¦ ¦ ¦. .... ¦-..¦ ¦ .... . . ,-....
Tills offer remains open Thursday, Friday and until 11 p. m. Saturday
evening, after which hour, it will be absolutely impossible to secure one of
these useful trays.
ONE OF THESE GIFTS CAN BE SECURED BY PliACING A
WANT AD. IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, AND IN NO OTHER WAY.
CAN ONE BE OBTAINED.
: , — TELL YOUR WANTS ; — ;
•* IN NEXT SUNDAYS CALL .*
And you will be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising medium.
It is safe to figure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking: to
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom are home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of our
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares. /
Bring io , your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Son-
day's CalL
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
1005 Market street, opposite Fifth: open until 11 p. m. . 1 , '
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. to. !»_. £
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. , ¦• y -JFt* VI "
639 McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m. 5I "it . *' ¦ : ;
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. " *-- 7 $^-« w--
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. STJT
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m. ' *' »
IOC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1006 Valencia street; open until 9 p. mi'
' Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway.. .^^.... i Telephone Main 1083 • /
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214S Center Street. .....'. Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE: • >
Schneider's Book Store. .;. park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,.: SATURDAY. MARCH 5, 190*r
13
_MPIX>YME J XJ^JW : AXTEP^ MA_B.
MIDDLE-AGED manT~wI7e and gTowtTdauglir-
ler want furnished eto«-k and poultry ranch
en shares, cr country heme to take care of.
wasts; handy with tocls; references. Address
Y. M. STARK. Ill Ninth ft.. San Francisco.
• A GARDENER, orchard** ; experienced in any
. branch; private ground*: floral, vegetables;
curing of dried fruits; vinee; pruning, pra:t-
• in<r; <"airy »-ork; reference*. Adores* J W
box 2432. Call office.
CHIROPODIST — First-class; want* position
. state salary. Address Doctor. 1525 Powell st.
FIPE fitter. %axfclae operator and dlemaker
14* gist* t.. city.
A LAUXr-RYMAN <Japane«e) wants a posi-
tion in family; very handy. Box 2441. Call.
•JAPANESE — Honest bey; speaks English;
warts a position as schoolboy. G. N., 1225
Deviaacero st. ; tel. Scott 54S.
FIXAJVCIAL. ¦
«!i PEU CENT
. Is paid en ordinary eavlcgs accounts and 6
r*T cent en trrm accounts by the Phoenix
havocs B. and L. Association, 510 California
H. A. A. Watk'.ns. presifient; Charles R.
. Bishop, vice resident; S. Prent'.ss Smith
trearvrer; <1ar*-nce Grange, secretary and
. tranarinr director; Gavin McNab, attorney:
' Georpe C. Baarflman and Charles E. Ladd
C:r*>~ters: Walter K. Smith. <-a*hier.
Fur^crtbeJ capjtal. SS.<XK>.000: paid In capl-
ral. fl.OOO.oou; reserve fund. S2«0.000.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stoeit
¦ fl~at*-d. W. H. KYTTNER, Lawyer and Fi-
r>-,.-:al Ag«r.t, C22 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FEATHER RESOVATI5O.
BT new. healthful process. Cal. Steaia Feather
Ct> . 32r. y an » ss ave.; tel. Howard 3167.
FLATS TO k"'
A — HOUSES aad flats to let: an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
• this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Cc, 245-259 Geary
ft., en the SQ-jare.
ALL cf the inost desirable flats and houses are
. listed in our renting department; let us give
• sou a list ar.d help rou find cne in the loca-
tion ycu went. STERLING FURNITURE
¦ COMPANT. 1039 Market st.; services abso-
lutely free.
- RATES. 1743. rear park entrance — Sunny up-
IT flat: 4 rryimt; bath; rent $16.
GUERRERO. 733— Upper fiat, 6 rooms, bath;
rar. '.n every room; beautiful location.
PTEINF.R. 502-^4— Two beautiful, sunny Cats,
8 rooms; rent rtaRcr.sble.
FX.AT of 5 rooms and bath; J27 50. Southeast
ccraer cf OTarre'.I and HoI'.Ie rts.
_ODEKN Cat cf 3 tunny rooms. 9S7 Sanchet
*'.re«t.
rj^j^ii^^Ej^rir^?^ s H ep -
GEARY. 2103— Newly furnished cozy^fls.t. 3
'<* rrif : mrw; rer.t $35.
FLATS FOR SALE FCRXISHED.
KICELT furnished Cat fcr sale; 5 rooms ar.d
. bath: $1 :.*.>; top flat. 5i»> Natnraa et.
t7.*i — 7-ROOM flat: completely fnrniahed: 3
. rooms rented for *15: rent *2t>. »iiat» Haight.
NICELY f urr.ished modern 9-roem flat ; WSUOO
ccrr.fr. »2* Van Ness ave.
FinMTUlE FOR SALE.
SI1SSIOX Auction House — For etoves, furniture
tnd household goods. 403 Valencia, cor. 15th.
FURNITURE cf 7 rocrr.s for sale; must sell
by Mart-h 5. Box 2:*>4. Call o'.&ce.
FIRXITIHE WASTED.
A. WOLLPEItT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44G2.
buys. r«?m£. r»pairt. (tacks furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST r-r:cfs for furniture ar.d mdse. L. H.
KUHIt. aurtHnetr.ms Mkt.: tel. Howard 27.VJ
HELP "AXTED — F_MAL_.
COOK. 3 family $50
Cock. 4 family, no washing %n
4 cooks. Gtrmsn *ty!e, with anj without
» k.r\ing J. '-.I •-»,:¦
Cook, email hot<?l, country; e*e boss at 10
o'clock $.V«
•~>?k. elx clTsrrsen. etttFt tilrtance £X>
«."ook. can Rafael, little washing $30
i.r...-: s .'-, nun*<? fur country *3O
4 «*cond irirl*. city $20-$25
Cook, country hotel $.{5
.Hotis^u-ork., Alameda. no washing $10
6 waitresses r.nd chambermaids, city an.i
country $s, $25 and $.".5
Nurse. 2 grown children $25
Cook an4 housework, small family $to
Second girl and nurse. 2 children J25
Parlor maid and sewing iZi
5»» general housework sirls city and coun-
try $2O-$25-$.*>
. Apply to J. F. CRQf ETT & CO.
A LAUNDRESS. $-"V>: two chambermaids. *2.'»:
fcoond cirl. *2T>: c<-nk and second girl. $.15
tn-1 $2r, ; rook. Sav:«ai;to, $30. MRS. NOR-
TON. 31"! Su:t«?r *t.
• A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressir.g.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 we*ks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
• • • s to fill immediately; rwsitior.s guaran-
¦ • teed at $1(» per we«k up: leadicg school in
West. 233 Geary et.. room .13.
A — Girls to learn m:!!ln*>ry now for spring sea-
•on; tKHh B*-e*ons taught from start to fir.lsh
Its 1 month fcr £13; positions as trimmers.
r* ¦-¦:-. etc., guaranteed at $lo per wk up;
day and evening claw. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
: A— LADIES to !*arn ail branches hainiresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, otc. 12C6 Mar-
ket st_. cor. Jon^s, room 94; positions eecured
at hi£he*t wages; day and eve. class; rail.
WANTED — Experienced dressmaker for coun-
try: good wages; board and lodging. Apply
at 1241 Webster st.. to-day (Saturday) be-
tween 'J e.. ra. ar.d 12 m.
• WANTED — Yours lady In art needle work
etcre. to give lessons in embroidery and worls
on orders; Ftaie exoerience and salary ei-
: pe<~u-<2. Bex 24:K. Call.
GIRL for ofSce work: hours S to C; must write
good and rapid hand; state ealary wanted.
Box 21W. Call.
A —OPERATORS on ladles* waists. C56 Mis-
rjcr. st.. third floor. %?
A — OPKrtATORF on ladies' underwear. C5«
Mission Ft., third floor.
A— OPERATORS on children's wash suits;
*ood ray. _« Mission n^ third floor.
VAVTED-^-X_4r to do altering. C. F. AD-
AMS CO.. 31 S Mason rt. - ;.¦¦<* '-¦
VAXTEO — A trirl for *ms!l family; cooking
and housework. Inquire 224 Sutter et. .
BINDERY eirle wanted at SUNSET PRESS,
Market and Ter.th «s. .¦,;•>¦
WANTED — A strong woman to do washing.
Hex 24re. Call.
A GIRL fcr general housework and cocking;
carfare paid. 2210 Central ave.
WANTED— Firs* -class millinery saleswoman.
Apply between 9 and It a. m. at HALE
Ep.es*.
WANTED — Experienced jsrket alteration hand.
ApT'iy between ;-> . an-1 11 a. m. at HA I.I'
BUGS'.
WANTED — Experienced stenographer: one who
is famUiar with the Smith-Premier type-
writer Ar>r>!y between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS'.
WANTED — An experienced »aWIady for lace
and r.fcttcar department. Call at STRAUSS
& FROHMAX'S. HC Post st.
WANTEI>— Good girl to take care of 2 grown
children and do upstairs work; references.
Apply 9 to 12 a. rr,.. 200G Jarkson Ft.
WANTED— Aprrrnticet fer _Ul_et}. 723
Market tt.
PERMANENT position to good solicitor for
city work. 512 Ptarr H'.r.r. Bldg. ; 10 to 5 p. m.
A MIDDLE-AGED w<w.«a a« worfelng house-
keeper. 120 Eleventh ft., top Coot. left.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework, as-
eirt in cooking; wages S1.V 8Sa Haight st.
GIRL for light housework; flat; two In family.
Call o-arly. 1-31A Lombard st.
A VEST operator: eteady work; rood wages.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary sL
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
MbBalpUons has been established at liX'G
Val T.cla st.
HELP WASTED BA— _.
WASTED — Coactunan who thoroughly under-
stands his business; must be capable of
teking charge of stable and have unquestion-
able references as to ability and character.
Address fu!ly, stating salary expected. Box
24_. Call office. . .
WAXTED — Laborers and tsecbanics to know
-that "EA Iii.'.kir, Reno Houoe proprietor, haa
¦ d<J»>d 100 new rooms to «he Denver House.
217 Third et.; 230 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
f ' TOL'NG men. 18 years of a«e. to organize
EiMi&ry organization. Call 6. SZAXIK, *7J
»*lends, tt., belwe«a 6 and & p. _.
MOXEY TO LOAN Continued.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly . confidential. National
Credit Co., C8 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy, payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on \ diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
M. JACOBSON & CO.. financial brokers, Emma
Spreckels bldg.. rm. €21; loans and all other
financial matters negotiated; confidential.
JJONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'8, 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unin-
doreed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prlvacy;no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loan* money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL, COO Examiner building.
¦ • . MOXEY WASTED.
WANTED — $1750 on property in probate court,
will soon be settled: state rate of Interest
wanted. Box 2C65. Call office. j
WANTED— A loan of $2250 on a fruit ranch
of 40 acres; well Improved and in full bear-
ing; name rate of Interest. Box 2557. Call.
WANTED— $5CO0 on good valley land; will
pey S-pir cent interest; security good. Box
817 Call offlce.
WANTED— To borrow $4000 on a ranch of 120
acres: will pay '**, per cent. Box 2594. Call.
y [Pgj^-^^.'y^TODMEXT S. -
A FINE SELECTION OF PIANO BARGAINS.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Checkering: walnut case; nearly new.
Steinway; about a year old.
Knabe: walnut case: finest, largest size;
marly new.
S-tt-inway: largest size; flne condition.
Sterling: mahogany case; largest size.
Standard; oak cas?: tcood as new.
Hatnes Brothers, ths genuine; n-.ahogany
case: nearly new.
Steck; larerest size.
Steck; medium size; mahogany c*se; nearly
new.
Two NeAmann* zood condition.
. Pteck grand piano; good as new.
Steinway KTand tiiano: in good order.
PRICES FROM $125 UP.
SQUARE PIANOS.
Including such makes as Weber, Steinway,'
Halnes, Krarrich' A Bach and others, from
$10 UD. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
Chickerlng Agents.
Curtaz building, 10 O'Farrell st.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
$50 up; greatest bargains ever offered in San
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
pianos: for $2 t>er month: new at $3 per
month: all money oald applies on purchase
. Heine Piano Co., 235-237 Geary st. Oakland
address 1252 Broadway.
ONLY Diano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 p»r month and allow
«J -months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole acents for Mcl'hali. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 560 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b» sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage, 1B30 Market St.
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;ChlckerIng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little uped. Keeffe's, 2^5 O'Farrell.
FINE $.VM> piano at your own price; selling ac-
count death in family. 312 Fair Oaks st.
IF you want bargains come now: planes al-
most given away. Hocnung, 21 «>. McAllister.
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright Dlano for sale; good as
new; $133. 237 Geary St.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30&-312 Post st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TWO nice sunny bay-window suites for offices.
10-S^ Ellis st.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply HO Geary tt.. opp. City of Paris.
' PERSOXALS.
Al SUITS to order at'$l weekly. We havo
contracts with leading house? to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
ycu a fine suit on Installments cheaper than
others do for ccsh. LEON LEMOS merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses «j
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 40« Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth.stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
rept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133SPoIk
THE Infallible system: the only copyrighted
successful method of keeping ahead' of« the
¦race*; good forever; price $1. Sold only by
PITTS, 1008 Market st.
Cancerous Jumps, eorec, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bone*, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Gram ave. Worst cases cured.
PARTY transferring lady's trunk from Third
and Townseml depot to ferry depot Tuesday
notify A. N. STEWART, 931 Kearny st.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 155« Market, nr. Larkln.
M - W EI - LA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that Is the Important item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'Farrell.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and ail drug dls-
oase« positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
137.. Waller; consultation fre»; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored: pimples, wrinkles,
?i». J il" T1 "' hes . r '' n l ove<J: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS". London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
GET your gents', ladles' and" children's fur-
niEhings at P. FELIZ'S, 352 Third st.
GOLDEN GATE.3C0— Cor.:laundry.b irbor M-.op
cigars, tobaccos, newspapers, suits clen ned.
SUITS to order on Installment* of $1 per week
NEL'IIAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
FANCY embroidery work done by Swiss lady.
Orders -taken at 13C9 Stockton st. <
LlQl'OR rfablt cured In two day» or no charge
ACME LIQUOR CURK CO.. 097 Market St.
Actlna restores lost eyesight-.cures deafness and
ratarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eatrn. electric needle specialist, 309 Snt-
t*r. r. fiO9. Mlis Eaton. 233 Geary, room SS.
Bon Marct.e Pants Co.: sneclat *.*> pants to or-
der. Room* 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. and Mrs.. Travers. 1170 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50
I Misfit ClctMng Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. SI; at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, fnr mailing. «l ner v^ar.
_J\4IM£RIIAXGIX«. I'AIVri.Mi. ETC.
ROOMS papered. " $4 up: tinting. painting.
Hartroann Paint Co.. S19 Third: tel.Maln 41:;.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021 ',4 Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. -
BLOOD.' skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1O73H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herd doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
' past four years at 115-117 Mason; now la-
• cated at 687 Geary st... near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. ' successor to Dr. LI Po
S Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUD A has returned from Orient.
Now at. SE." corner Geary and Taylor ,' sta. .
WONG W ? OO, the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs: 743-8 day el.
:¦..;- ¦ T9^'-^
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
REGULAR auction sales of horses, buggies,
wagons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at 615 Ellis st; all horses guaran-
teed to be as represented. S. WATKINS,
Auctioneer. Phor.e East 743.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth i>t., every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale— A fine large driving or harness horse;
16% hands high; sound; bay, with black
points: sold without a fault. Inquire of 627
Halght *trcet stables.
WANTED — A good, sound horse and wagon,
suitable for delivery; state age and weight
of horee and condition of wagon. Box 2602,
Call offlce.
ONE 4-ton platform, gear springs and wheels
and axles; 20 business buggies; rubber tire
read buggies and surrey. 1504 Folsom et.
GOOD' pasture wanted for 2 horses. Box 2906,
Call offlce.
AUCTION every Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses.
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, lipht camping wagon,
and cu-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest aKsortmt 1'd-hand wagons, buekbd. sur-
rey, harness, work, drivlnghorees. 15th -Valencia
1XVKSTHE.VTS.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
¦ rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business esub 3 years In S. F,
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
BONDS. STCCKS AND MORTGAGES. s
All dividend-paying sec-rltles for sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. t>27 Market «t.
J.OST AXD FOUND.
LOST — A oassbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
narao of MARGARET A. CONNELLY. No.
215-1141. The finder will please return to
bant.
LOST — Gray leather bag containing purse, 4
rings, check and papers. Reward. C. L.
WHITE. 207 Crocker building.
I — *** — ™ ~ * " ' *~ *~* — ~ "*~ **" ~— — ~ ~— ~™ — — — i <~~ m
| MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience in all
female disorders: call or write without delay;
advice free: correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms -7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. $26 Pcit st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist fcr all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 100SH Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected.-the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
. advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, lllfe Market— Reliable ladies 1
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. an 1 MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment: 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St., corner
2<Sth: ladies, relief or no fee; $10.- -
DR. . NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD MIMXQ .
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
SWELL English high trap, silver-mounted har-
ness, whip, r-^bes and beautiful hor*e; origin-
al cost $75<i; a bargain, if taken quickly;
owner desirous of leaving city; monthly pay-
ment?, or will exchange for good equity;
answer quickly. Box 'Jt:l7. Call offlce.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK? — —
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy tt) lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or ehingies; best for new roofb
ELATERITE ROOFING CO..' 713 Market st!
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
rented and ixchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Rocf Paint; guarantee
to stop all leak? in the one and preserve the
new. 2U5 Front St.: tel. Main T.42S.
FOR sale — Fresh milch cow; % Jersey, ~^
Durham; third calT; 4 gallons milk daily;
gontle. MRS. L. E. DARLING, Dlmond P.
O.. Alameda County.
A— FINE suits, $7 50; dress pants. 52 50 Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, '£'.$ Kearny at.,
near Bush; op*»n to J» p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, toilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
TWO thoroughbred mares: pedigrees furnished- ;
must bo sold at once. B. SCHROYERS. 1523 ;
Howard st.
ALTERATION ?ale — Best $2 5O~ hats. Jl 50
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine: open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3Hc ROLL and up; flne wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. HER.
IGAN, 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
A SINGER sewing machine for shoemaker. 11
City Hall^ ave.
A COAL oil cooking stove wth 3 burners 11
City Hall ave.
A FIXE diamond ring at a sacrifice. 10 Sixth
street.
Encyclopedia Eritannica; Scribner edition; half
morocco. King'6 Old Bookstore, 01 McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
rtraired. Srk<*g-Corson Co., 254 Beale st.
FOR sale^ — Piano, music box. organ, buggy, har-
ness and hay cutter. 422 Orange St.. Oakland.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1323 Market st.
DESKS bought, iold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bugh 467.
MILES of pipe and fitting*; all sizes EU-
GENE R1LEY & SONS, 100 Vallejo et.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p., chegp. E. B. Beck * Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes, Twentieth
f.Vnturles. Puck*. BACIGALUPI. QXl Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1S1G
Market. ab.,V a n Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — Now and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargalnr. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post «t.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
fc Co.. 1^2 Market ft.
GASOLINE engines, autoi'iobilptt end launches;
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for price* on second-hand typewriters; all
maker. ALEXANDER & CO.. UP Montg'y.
MISCE LLAXEOUS WAXT3.
WANTED- To buy a job lot of stationery and
schcol supplies; must be cheap. Box 2440
Call office. V. n
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clotl.log; send postal. MORRIS. 913 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES
11411. Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741, or postal!
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goody. 154 ftth St.; tel. Je»ale 2851.
————————————
AA A— HERMAN MURPHY.
6t)l-W}2-t«M Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment..
Save expenst-s by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of. rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
~ WILL LOAN . ~~
A r«aiK>nable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
• or country.
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars.
of property or chattels.
Location^ etc -
. Box 40S. Call offlce.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 29 Montgomery, rm. 7.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
w! J. GUNN. ~ ~~ T~
530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
(Savings Union Building.
foO.CCO— Pacific Heights: marine view lot; two
corners: one is a northeast corner, 27 5x
137:6: basalt .blocks laid; 3 frontages;
an ideal «ite to build on: takes tn a
view of the hills of three oJiv>ties and
the islands of the bay; a perfect pan-
orama.
$13,700— Pacific Heights lot: 68:9x103;- over-
looks the Presidio and the bay; grand
marine view.
— PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
$5.000— Northwest corner: marine view very
flne; large lot: fronts over 100 feet on
sunny side of street: looks into Pre-
•idio; ready for building; cars pass; 6
flats can be built on this- chutee lot.
$10,000— Webster-st. corner; 110x100.
$9,500— Broderlck St.; 2 Cats.
$3,000— Lake st.: 5 lots; 25x100: Cnt pur-
chase for a builder.
$3. COO— Lake »t- corner; 32:6xlCO; now re-
quired for a grocery, as the locality
' needs it badly; houses going up in all
directions and no grocery within blocks:
bealdes no corner can be had: we have
thoroughly canvassed the etreetr the
right grocer can have his own way and
a fine field.
$2.100— Webeter-st. corner; 25x100; easy ln-
) stallments; $25.
I $9,000— Baker St.; NW. corner; 137:6x137:6:
cars pam; cheapest corner in W. A.;
builders, examine this.
$6,500— Larkln st. : 2 flats.
! $3,000— Stelner-st. corner; 50x100.
$4,000— Point Lobos ave. corner; 45xlC0; 2-
story butldlng.
$1,800 for 3 lots: a fine purchase: very cheap:
2Sxl2O each; 21st ave.. near Point Lo-
bos ave. ; ready for building; street
i graded and macadamized ; few sti*p»
from electric cars on Clement «t. : this
is only $575 each: easy payment*; $-**»
first payment. $50 per month; all of
the adjoining lots on both side* of the
street cost $7S0 each: this Is the best
bargain In Richmond: complete ab-
stract of title issued by the California
Title Insurance and Trust Company
down to date goes with the lots; these
are choice lots to build on at once.
$1,050 for 2 lots; 23x120 each: on 22d ave..
near Point Lobos ave.; easy payments:
$1CO first payment. $40 per month: very
cheap.
Property north of the park in large and small
subdivisions, on all the avenues.
W. J. GUNN.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
BARTLETT, 3O4 — Comfortable furnished rooms
and use of kitchen; rent reasonable.
ELLIS, 1900. near Scctt— 2 large, furnished
rooms; housekeeping; gas, phone, bath; $13.
FOURTH. 491— Newly furnished rooms, double
or single: also housekeeping; rent reason-
able.
GEART. 1002 — Nicely furn. sunny front parlor:
single rooms; housekeeping privileges; gas.
HAIGHT. 234. corner — Sunnj furnished
housekeeping rooms; piano.
HOWARD, 1109—2 housekeeping rooms, suit-
able for a man and wife; rent, *!•».
JESSIE. 323 — Sunny front room, furnished
housekeeping, gas range, cot. water. $12.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
MARKET. 1032 — 2 house keeping room*, with
ga« and coal stove: $12 a month.
MISSION, 933 — Housekeeping room* to let.
MODEL House. 1206 Stocktcn st.— New turn.;
hekpg. rm. $5-12 mo:; phoce. baths, gas; sun.
NOE. 347 — Three sunny furtiished rooms for
housekeeping; adults only; American family.
OCTAVIA. 1259-rElegantly furnished house-
keeping suite; gas and coal range.
STERLING Apartments. Hayes, bet. Fillmore
and Stelner: finest In city; 4 rooms, bath;
just finished: open Sunday: water; garbage;
janitor service free.
STEVENSON. 255 — Single rooms, running wa-
ter; large front room, cheap: housekeeping,
complete. $1 75 week. ,
STOCKTON, 41 and 45 — 2 connecting rooms,
complete: running water; gas stove; $4 50 wk.
THIRD. 308 — Two sunny front rooms, $12;
suite of 3. $16; another. $8.
VALENCIA. 822— Two or three sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms.
VAN NESS ave.. 70»V— 2 sunny front room*.
$23; also 3 basement rooms, complete; reason-
able.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
IB pagey. In wrapper, for mailing, fl per year.
A — CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTER AND
LARKIN STS.
Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms and
bath ea^h; all unfurnished; $30 to $45.
Make reservations now.
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavia. cor. Hayes — Just
completed; runny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
. elegantly furnished; electric lights: private
baths; $40 up; refs.; also doctor's offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— Th«
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
tric lightr. elevator, gas ranges: $30 to $55.
St. Andre, 1230 Pine — New management, superb
aEtmt*;strlctly first-das.*; steam heat;electrla
lights ;prir. :phon»;elev. :l to 5 rms.. with prlr.
battt: furn. or unf urn. MRS. W. WEIR. prop.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-3
room*, also Blngte; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now cpen; references.
GRAND view^ new. modern apartment resi-
dence. 5101 California st.. corner Lyon: now
open for, inspection; convenient car lines.
IROQUOIS Apartments. 510 Ellis, nr. Leavtn-
worth; i, 3 and 4 rms.; open for inspection.
H ADDON. HALL] "
951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES. ¦*-. :-
i^^^AJtCTP!irTS_ n W : AjraTBP.
WANTED — A three-room apartment complete-
ly furnished for housekeeping. Box 838. Call.
MODERN apartment of 4 rooms wanted, fur-
nlshed. Box 2601. Call offlce.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
bouse, new furniture; every room ontsidt;
modern and sunny, prices from $1 CO per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house la
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 149 Sixth st. — Rooms
2Sr to $1 p*r ntght. $1 S3 to $9 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "ihe Almonte." 673 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 23c, 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all ntght.
ALL new|y furnished beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming house. 841 O'Farrell st.
BURNETT, 1*26 Market (old No. 1304) — Fnr^
ni.-hed rooms; suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMINGS (The). 81S Post. nr. # Taylor— Just
opened: desirably located; sunny, single rooms
and suites, with private baths, bet and ccld
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
CLIFFORD. 2O4 Ellis, corner Kason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; pr!et-« reasonable.
ELLIS. 804 — Roommate wanted: gentleman has
large front room; would tike a young man to
share expense; very low. Call tljls (Satur-
day) evening. . •-,-,.
FERN HALL. 812 Bu<d> — Elegantly furn. rotns;
alt sunny: terms reasonable; references.
FOR single gentleman. In private .ratne (no
other reamers), a large - sunny furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks frora
park entrance and 3 blocks from panbaadie.
Address Box 2C24. Call office.
CEART. 675 — Two newly rurnlshed rooms:
large front room, every convenience, suitable
for one or two gentlemen. Its; also' back
room, suitable for two. $12.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33;
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $8 wk.: reading-room.
GRAXT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished front suite;
also single rooms; $2 SO to $7 week.
HAWTHORNE. IK), between Folsom and Har-
rlson — Sunny front parlor; fine view; suitable
* for man and wife or couple: , walking dis-
tance; $1S; $15 to steady tenant; others. -
HOWARD. 640— Large sunny front room, suit-
able fcr two; respectable people wanted: $9
month.
LARKIN. 1930 — Nice room, suitable for gentle-
tman; rent $10 per month.
MASON. 213 & — Outside rocms, $2 per week
up; clean, quiet place.
MASON. 1527. near Broadway— Sunny, fur-
nished rooms. •
MISSION. S37A— Furnished rooms by the day.
week or month; prices reasonable.*
ROTAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent Hgtata,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $3; month. $S to $30; elevator off. ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ,
, n P.Q M * T p J^Q^~~^\°^'_ * n * ?[!?5s?? •
STOCKTON. 41 and 45 — Nicely furnished sun-
ny suite; also single rooms: *1 5O to $S week.
TA YLOR, 234— Nicely Tarnished rooms; rea-
scnable.
| THIRD. SOS— Rooms. 25c. 50c. 75c and $1 ptr
1 night; $1 to $4 week; nice, quiet: bath. ,
TURK. S1»J — Larse and small single rooms
for srentlemen of good standing.
UNITED STATES. 123 EddyTn-ar Market — »0O
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $fl week; elec-
tric lights <no gas), runnlnr water In t»ery
room; elevatcr.read.-room: frst bus; baggage.
VALLEJO. 1251— Front bay window too— In
new flat: gas and bath: $».
VAN NES3 ave.. 613— Elegant front parlors a— t
adJoJRlng suite for office or club.
VAN WINKEL. 207 Jone»— Nicely furnished
rgoms. $2; sanny suites. $5 per week; baths.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
33c to SI SO ntght: $2 to SS week: clerator:
tlec. lights; reading- rocm: free bus: baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Klectrtc light In every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 7.V to $5 a week;
open all night; convenient to ail cars.
A BRANCH efflo* of The Call for the receptlcii
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market «.. ospesite Fifth.
Open otitil 11 p. m.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOTEL HATTON
977 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART 3T.
SELECT AND FIRST CLAPS
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 7*«.
EARLCOT-RT
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APTLY AT ONCg.
ATHEKTOX (The). MCI Octavl.-i. near Sutt?r —
Large, sunny, airy suites and single rooms;
beautiful lawn; excellent board; r»as. rates.
HOWARD, 841 A— First-clans beard with room.
stngle or double. $t »>-$5 week: American
¦ family; home cocking; home comforts; piano.
DORLAND. 24 — Nicely furnished room and
board for married couple or 2 gentlemen;
home privileges: reference* required.
NICELY furnished front rccm; one or twr>
gentlemen: with or without board. 14C2
Washington st.
THE AUDUBON. cor. Hyd» and California—
Pleasant roras now vacant; suite or stngte;
excellent board.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41$ Sutter— Sunny rocm.i:
excellent table; from $40; single $23.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
lultfe. wltn batns; also single: homelike. -
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs: colored service: table specialty.
ROOMS A.M> UOARO WASTED.
WANTED — Board and rooms for man and
wife and grown daughter; boarrling-ho-use cr
hotel preferred: must be mod»rn and flrst-
class; state rates. Box 2r^H. Call offlce.
; BOARD and room wanted for a gentleman
(American) In walkl-.g distance of Third
and Market sts. Box 25S4. Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN wishes board and room In a re-
flned private family. Ad<lreya box 2filO. Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
-.^^-^^rt-.^^^f-^^-.,^-
FOUR unfurnished rooms: north of Market »t.;
must be sunny: rent $1.H. Box 2t'~. Oil!.
PALJUSTItV.
MADAM DEVAS" ™~
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBE3
BUILDING. 133 POST ST.
ELIVINE BERSCH— Best card reader: rea.ia
fortunes by the planet cards. 2tis5 Missicn.
St.. bet. 22d and 23d.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 315
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 5ffl.
1EW_IO MACHI.NK3 A*D SCPPL1E.*
WE shall close cut at once a lot of shopworn
machines at from $20 to $3O each; they are of
our own make. Dractiraily new; prices an
. I»95 than half. White. Sewing Machlns Co.;
eall at 30O Post st. or 1>41 FUlmere st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic offlce. IC21 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10. $13, $20; second-
hand. $3. $5. $S: ail styles: guaranteed. New
Heine Sewing Machine Co.. lf»M Market St.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES, send you address to 1126 Market St..
8. F. valuable information: room 2.
SPECIALISTS^
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISE3 la EAR9
positively cured: new methods:l week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cotttnzham. 204 Sutt»r st.
STOR li:r. AND WA.IKHOI *F.««.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.. furr.itur*7
household goods stoivd. moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Thirl: phone Grant lhl.
PIERCE-RODOXPH Storage A Moving Co., of-'
floe Pest and Powell sts.: tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'3 storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Gclden Gate ave. j Phone East 13Sv
GOLDEN Weft Stnragp; advances made. sl°>
Mission St.; M. Howard ML F". W. Zthfus*.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 232O Fillmr>re st. : phone Jackiton 2M.
BEKINS V^n and Storage Co.. It Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cut ratea.
STtTTERIXG A5P /'T.* 31 MERI * 0
MELBOURNE School. Van Ne*s-Market— Cur»
in every case: Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire Into womie-faj cures: home cure.
TYPEWRITERS AM» SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. I
Smith Premier. $23: oth«r typewriters • at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th<*
Typewriter Exchange, 53t> California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $.1O »ach; get par-
ticulars of L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters nold. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 509 Market.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home BuilJ-
ir.g Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market St.. opposite Third —
For the half year ending 31st of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at th»
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent en
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. l&H. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. Hl'Gn CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Company
«Con.) — A dividend. No. •«. of fifty cents
<50c) per share on the issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the offlce of the company, rooms 2U2. 204 and
206. Hayward building. San Francisco, on
March 1O. VMH. Transfer books close March
3. 19O4. at noon. C. C. gUINX, Secretary.
________
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. March 4. 1904 —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this ofSce until 11 a. in., Monday.
April 4. 19O4. and then opened for "Dotnir
all the prtmlnK and furnishing all material
therefor that' may be required at Headquar-
ters Pacific Division and Headquarters De-
partment of California during the fiscal year
endlnr June 30. 1905. Preference will be
riven to articles of domestic uroduction or
manufacture, conditions of Quality *nd pries
(including in the price of foreign produc-
tions or manufacture the duty thereon), be-
ing e<n»al. The United States reserves th<*
right to reject or accept any or ail proposal*
In' whole or in part. Information furnished
on ' application to undersigned. Envelopes
- containing proposals should b» marked
"Proposals tor Printing." and aiOreised to
.WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster
General. V. S. A.. Chief Quartermaster.
MAR1UAG_ LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wera Issued
yefiterday :
William M. Marshal?. 34, city, and Amanda
F Suart, 2X Elwood, lnd.
August* AudeouJ. 2(1. «?33 Broadway, and
Malvlna Aye. 22. CXI Broadway. ' ,
• Myles Prendergast. 4O. Duluth. Minn., and
Ida E. Do—cK 2-'!. 1003 Sacramento street.
John II. Sparer. ZZ. Sebastcpol. and Jesafa
Edna Crawford. 18. 174 Fell street.
Hammond S. Weaver Jr.. 21. 559 Waller
street, and Constance Fllmer. 1J>. Sacramento.
AdolDh Methfessel. 2S. 1015 Mason street,
and Maria G. Pinznn. 19. 1013 Masono street.
John A. Harrln«f,n. 21, city, and Maud G.
Hatlinan. Id. Oakland.
Robert Oordan. 42. 921 Eddy street, and
Pauline Levy, 33, 10C2 Ellis street.
Continued on Page Fourtee_i
HELP WA.YTEp— MALE— C»a.
A^MURRAT "—"READY". "i"«4^_6 CLAY ST.
Phone Main 8S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
CHEAP FARES TO
NEVADA NEVADA
TO NEVADA STATE.
8 Hours Day Government Work 8 Hours Day
25 teamsters; ship to-night; $2 day."
10 laborers; ship to-night.
Rcckir.en. drillers. Irrigation ditch.
Car repairer. $3 day.
; NEVADA STATE.
i GOVERNMENT WORK.
SHIP TO-NIGHT
TO THE
MINES
Engineer for mine; 0 machine miners, gold
mine, £*>>; 3 hand miners, gold mine, $S2 50;
r concentrator man, $90; rock breaker, $75;
skip tender, 12 75 day; 2 timber-men. ?&0.
TO ARIZONA ,
SHIP TO-NIGHT
Close to Freecott. 010 Miles. $9 10.
; 500 laborer*, drillers, rockmen, etc.
PRESCOTT ARIZONA SHIP DAILY
MISCELLANEOUS.
Blacksmith for woods, to go to-day, $45 and
found; -machine blacksmith. $3 50 day; ce-
n<ent finisher. $4 50 day; butcher, country
ehop. $10 and found; second baker. $40 and
found; launary man. Tyler machine. *12
w»*k; 4 chore boys, near city. $15 and found;
choreman. private place, $30 and found:
night ccok. $10 week: second cook, $45 and
found; farn-.er and wife, good Job, south, $45
and found; milker and wife, Sonoma County,
small place; married gardener, $40 and
house: butcher, shop, north, fare paid, see
boss hf>rc. $40 and found; milker, fare palU,
$."." &nd found; ixHlmaker, S25 and found; 3
elevator beys, city: ccoks. waiters, kitchen
hands an-1 dishwashers; 25 farmers, milkers
and chort-men
OFF-N 7 A. M.
MURRAY & READY.
A — GANG cf 25 or 30 Greeks, Italians, Austri-
ar.s or Russians for railroad work.
Ml'lilUY £• READY. 034-036 Clay St.
A— INTERPRETER for this office; one who
cpeaks Italian. Spanish. German and French.
MURRAY & READY, 634-03*5 Clay Et.
HARNESS-MAKER for country. 52 to $2 50
day; dairy man, $35 and found; timber faller,
>:'."• and found: night cook. $50; broiler. $70:
cy«er maij. $40; restaurant porter, $25," and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. «2S Sacra-
merto st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Second cock; country: $70.
___ _ _ _
Men to learn the barber trade in two month*
find secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College, C35 Clay st.
BARBERS, tate notice — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to » City Hall sq., or 15Oi Market st.
Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 14S, JOS.
R. BLE1LY. Secretary. .
IN wholesale house, an experienced bill clerk;
good rapid writer; quick and accurate at
figures ; mention age ar.d references. Box
2iS3. Call office.
' WANTED — Furniture salesman, one ported j n
new and second-hand business : must be a
worker: no other need apply. H SCHELL-
HA<S. Oakland.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade in the mo5t practical school: po-
sitions found. WESTERN COLLEGE OF
BARBERS. 647 Commercial St. -
TRY cur men's shoes, unlcn made, at $1 and
$1 .V> p^r pair, foot-form shoes at $2 T>(> or
orthopedic ehoee.$3 r>«; beet shoes on earth. 11
Third st., Exairi. bldg., 5 door* from Market.
BOY to chore and milk 3 cows, near city, $10
a month and found. Cal. Emp. Agencv,
14 Third St.
WANTED — Boys for offlce work: good oppor-
tunity; must have at Wft e!phth grade edu-
cation. Bex 24V5, Call office.
WANTED— Barber fcr Saturday evening and
Sunday. Apply 1415 Valencia St., after 9
a. m.
BARBERS— Two or 3 chair shop wanted, with
living rooms. Address Call box 20. 1008 Mar-
ket st.
BARBER wanted to-night. 291 Seventh st.
GOOD bcrtxr wanted; Saturday' and Sunday:
?5. 34S Washington ?t.
COLLEGE barber: wages, room and board un-
til first c!a?s for $50 cash. Box 2434, Call.
TAILORS — Ladies' tailors wanted for the
country. ARNSTEIN. SIMON & CO.
CYLINDER and platen feeders wanted. SUN-
SET PRESS. Market and Tenth sts.
YOUNG man with some experience, either at
harness or carriage trimming. 718 Folsom.
WANTED— A youth. Apply 317 Sutter st.
BRIGHT boy. 16: opportunity to advance;
wajw. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Se<-ond.
BOY in drugstore. 4W Gough st.
UNDER preswr on pants: steady work. l.*C
Now Montgomery «=t., room 16.
¦WANTED — Bootblack at The Berkeley, first
class only; better than b^st wag-e*. East
Berkeley.
EXPERIENCED crockery man wanted for
salesman and floor; etate experience, salary
existed. Addr*ss box 2451. Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman for draperies and
curtain* wanted: statef^xperience at.A salary
expects. Addreag box 2451. Call office. ".
AGENCIES for every city of the Union for the
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.: liberal terms. 114
Pc«t st.. San Francisco. Cal.
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
persona for whom I have secured pensions.
TRY our men's shc«>s, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or main charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Dentists; one operator and on«
laboratory man. Box 160, Memphis. Tenn.
CANVASSERS falling any article can add
handsomely to their income. Box 2450. Call.
GOOD wood turner wanted. GEO W
KXEA.gg. CIS TMrd st. "
NICE. cl»an'offlce boy wanted. Apply super-
intendent's offlce. The Emporium.
YOt'NG men. sailors and green hands for
steamers. 017 Jackson Ft.
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters
5Tfen hand;, for ships. DENT'S. 2t» Steuart!
PANTSMAKER for country. Apply RElT*
EROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter tt.
FIRST-CLAPS buttonhole-makers on vests.
Apply iyWyi Ninth at., opposite Clementina.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In S F
¦ Barber School. 741 Howard et.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hot»I. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading - rooms;
free 'bus and bajrgage to »nd from ferry-
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan &. Church «t».
ALL sites men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. Cfa Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoe* half-noled while waiting: 25c
to -VV\ .V-J Miseion ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WANTED-BAIESMES.
SALESMAN wanted to sell patent article,
a!.-o State and county, with right to manu-
facture; principal feature an excellent ad-
vertising medium; big money fcr a man of
genuine ability. Address P. O. box 114,
South Berkeley.
WE want four bright canvassers to 1-arn to
sell White sewtng machines; salary and pre-
mium to live men. Apply from 8 to 9 a. m.
and 5 to C p. m. at 300 Po«t et.. White Sew-
ir.g Machine Company.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; tend for cir-
cular. G. -H. UMBSKN A CO.. 20 Montgomery
MCALLISTER. 1269—12 rooms, bath and bll-
tlard-rootn; |60; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
UOISES TO LET Kt'RMSHBD.
ON Russian Hill, one block from cars, magnlfl-
• cent view; large garden: billiard table and
modern conveniences; eight rooms and bath.
Apply to MISS HAMILTON, 1513 Washln*-
ton «t. ! .
A SPLENDID location; 19 rooms; nicely fur-
nUhed; bargain. 1555 Octavia ¦ st.. cor. Sntter.
HOUSES Fl'RMISHGD— FOH SALE.
$650; MUST Mil to-day; parties going away:
B-roosed boua *J fit* furniture. 1000 Su>
ter it,
reajl^ estate— cjty— for sale.
"^^^^^t^Stom^s^magee^^sons;
i REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
PROPERTIES PAYING LARGE INCOMES.
$10,500— Rents $&6; close to Post and Taylor
• sts.; 40 ft. front; always rented.
$10,00O-Rents.$96 50: Seventh-st. cor.; 100 ft.
frontage on two streets; will always re-
main rented.
$10.000— Rents $99; corner, north of Market
rt. : 100 ft. frontage on two streets; cars
passing; always rented. .
$9,230— Rents $102 a mo.; Harrison" st. ; 2 lots,
4 buildings; always rented.
$5,000 — Rents $50; close to Third and Folsom
fits.; 3 tenants; will always remain
rented; could be made to pay better.
$4,250— Rents $40; close to Market and 12th
sts.; 4 tenants; Is always rented.
$3,800— Rents $37 50: only 2 tenants; good 3-
story frame building; in the manu-
facturing district, close to 2d at., wher*
is seldom a vacancy.
THREE LOTS OFFERED <THEAP.
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
. MCALLISTER ST.
NORTH SIDE.
LAKE-STREET CORNER.
CLEMENT-STREET CORNER.
43 FEET FRONT.
MISSION- STREET INVESTMENT.
25 Xt. front by 1C0 ft. deep, through to Minna
St.; leased to a very responsible concern for
seven years at an average rental of $7$ 00.
Price $11,750. <-
This property pays 7 per cent net. and is on a
growing business street.
GOOD BUILDING SITES.
$20.500- ; >-Broadway corner; 150 ft. of frontage,
with sun, light and air on 3 sides, and
magnificent and unobstructed view on 2
rifles; excellent »lte for high-class Cats
cr first-class family apartment-house.
$17,000 — McAHister-st. corner; good central lo-
cality for renting purposes.
$14,0CO— Pine st.: north side; nearly 70 ft. front I
by 137^i ft. deep; could be covered with
improvements and would rent Immedi-
ately and steadily.
$17,500 — Buchanan-st. corner; nearly 150 ft. of
frontage; close to town; an excellent
site for renting.
$12,500 — Broadway lot; In town; nearly 75 ft.
¦ front; back to another main street;
could » be covered with Improvements;
not a be.tter locality In the city for
renting.
MANUFACTURING SITES.
$30,000— Nearlv 22,000 s<l. ft. : close to the cen-
ter of the city; covered with improve-
ments that could be used for business
purposes.
$23,5CO— Second St.: nearly SO ft. front and
extra large depth to rear st. ; right in
the manufacturing district.
$35, ©»X) — Corner in manufacturing district: over
30,000 sq. ft.; fine site tor manufacturing
or storage purposes.
Over l.iO.tf'O rq. ft. on Seventh st.; may sub-
divide: will sell or lease; railroad
tracks In front.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$10.850 — 3 SWELL flats, not yet completed, but
rent-Mi for $12CO per year; 7th-ave. boulevard.
Nos.7t!0-2-4. near Fulton St.; IB minutes from
City Hall; all-night car. service; every possi-
ble latest improvement; 25x120. Apply on
premises, from 1 to 4.
$500 DOWN and $20 per month for new cot-
tage. 4 r. and b. : on China ave. and Mission.
$2730— House. 6 r. and b.. with stable;
4<KK» Twenty-sixth «t.
D. COFFIN' A CO.. 3303 Mission Street. .
FLATS for sale — All rented; paying well;
near Mission and car line; cash and mort-
gage. Box 2424. Call offlce. V V
ADVERTISER will pay $1000 cash for lots In
vicinity of Golden Gate Park. E. S. J..
box 2777. Call.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: wa loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$200 — A FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms on
Gough st. 11 City Hall Square.
PLUMBING, new or old: estimate!* given.
AHLDACH ft MAYER. H.tG Howard St.
RKAI, ESTATE — Counrrr — r'or Snle.
ALFALFA*" lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues 5ont free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market St. s.
poivr richmoxd rrai. estate.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, Dh»itos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bids.
'HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A NICE home in Los Gatos; lot 70x363: house
of 4 rooms, nnd barn; to exchange for lots
or land in Alameda County. Apply, to P. C.
LASSEN, 40C Tenth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND property to exchange for country
property. P. C. LASSEN, 460 Tenth st.,'
' Oakland, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$12CO— COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath; lot 27%
X137H- Call 666 Grove »t.. San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATB. *
ON sunny side of Essex St.. one block from
Ashby Elation, betwern Adeline and Shattuck
ave.; house of 6 rocms; price reduced S230
for ten days: by owner only. C. R. SHAW,
1506 Eleventh ave. ; tel. Brook 130. Make
appointment by mall or telephone.
$4700— A GREAT bargain; house 17 rooms; all
furnished; rents for $70 per month; all in fine
condition; 2 blocks from Key Route station;
fine flower garden; let 50x133; street work
complete; old age only reason for selling.
P. O. box 114, South Berkeley.
565— 20-ROOM lodging-house, one block from
car and U. C. : well and windmill: now pay-
Ing $1S5 per month; will lease for term of
years and sell furniture.
YOUNG &• BARRY.
A. MURDOCK £ CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bargains: we build, buy. sell or exchange.
PRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FHUITVALE REAL ESTATE. t
4 ACRES, near Frultvale and car line; half in
orchard: large 5-rcom cottage and attic:
windmill. " tankhou*e. barn, carriage bouse
and stable: $. r >500: halt cash. SYNDICATE
INVESTMENT CO.. Frultvale station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS!
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAK LAKH REAL ESTATE.
TIIIRTY-SEVE>«rH st.. near West; newhouse
r. large rocms; up to date; 2 blocks from
bank and "Key Route" station; small de-
posit down; private loan; genuine bargain;
wilt sell carpets.
OWNER. P. O. box 1C2.
Oakland. Cal.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
A fine lot on Thirty-fifth st.. 57x144; on the
north side of the street. Apply to P. C. LAS-
SEN. 466 Tenth St., Oakland. .
OAJCLA3TD . FirRKITURE SA L B.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
' ture. II. Schelbaas.ilth st..cor.stor«,Oakland.
OBTAINED FROM AN
INVESTMENT
IN A WANT AD IN THE CALLROTTERDAM— Arrived Mar 4 — Stmr Etat
endam. from New York, \ia Boulogne.
NAPLES — Arrived March 4 — Stmr Hakara,
via Gibraltar, for Genoa,' and proceeded,
LIVERPOOL— Sail'd : March 4— Stair Vic
torian,; for N«w York ~, ..;.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ABERDEEN— Arrtrved March 4— Schr Ex
pansion, fiwn San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed March 4— Nor bark So
rata, fcr .
DOMESTIC PORTS
SAILED.
FRIDAY, March 4.
Schr G W Watson, Weltkunat. Port Town
send. _
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point. ' entrance, to . San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.- . : -.
NOTE— The high and low . waters occur . at
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
mrnutes ' later than at Fort Point; the; height
of ildo is the same at both places.
To Australia — 10,830 "lbs dried fruit. 230 ' lbs
raisins, 1915 lbs hops, 130 cs canned goods
448,000 lbs sugar. 208 gala brandy, , 17 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 690 lbs shrimps, 1249
cs canned talroon, 479S ctls barley, ¦ 5 cs min
eral water, 1511 bxs citrus fruits, 27.SS4 lbs
coffee, 41 cs boots and ¦ shoes, 99 pkgs - ma
chinery, 2165 lbs grease, 1709 lba seed, 34 pkgs
tewing machines, 9 bales hose, ¦ 193 pkgs drugs
and , sundries, ' 18 pkgs rubber goods, 5 hairs
overalls. 130 rolls newspaper, 21 cs corsets," 25
bxs *cap, 5 csdry gx>ods, 449 pkgs metal • pol
ish. 37 rojls 9 c» leather, C5 cs agricultural im
plement/*. 1 cs firearms.' " • '_ "
To FIJI Islands — 25 cs canned salmon, 77 cs
assorted canned * goods. 314 . lba meals. ' 6 ca
To New Zealand— 12,924 lbs dried > fruit,
9S33 lbs raisins, 1167 cs canned goods. ,434 lbs
hops, 2336 : cs canned salmon. 69 bxs fresh
fruits, 1790 lbs cereal foods, 17 cs table prepa
ration!!, C33 cf boots ' and shoes, 39 pkgs ma
chinery. 117. pkgs bicycles and sundries, -410
gals lubricating oil, i; cs arms and ammuni
tion. 66 pkgs metal polish, 15 cs drugs, 8 pes
Meel, 149 rolls newspaper, 14 bxs soap, 846
lbs seed,' 10 cs fuse, 10 cases : rubber goods,
& cs electrical supplies, 'JiPpkgs building ma
terial. :
, To Samoan Islands — 49 bbls flour, 88 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 680 cs . 12 pkgs sal
mon, 1C3 cs canned goods, 7 pkgs fresh fruits,
1235 lbs nif-alf, 12 pkgs potatoes and onions,
1225 lbs bread. 3 bbls bottled beer, <IO pkgs
drugs. 10 bxs soap, 5 pkgs dry goods, 23 pkgs
paints and oils, 30 pkgs naval stores, 25 pkgs
mlllwork. : • . „
To Honolulu — 4 bbls flour, 474,800 lbs rice,'
15,669 lbs Cti cs manufactured tobacco, 16,967
lbs fresh meat, 1233 lbs 2 cs fresh fltth, 2435
lbs dressed poultry, 11 pkgs oysters, 2000 lbs
ealt, 12,410 lbs butter, 10 cs gin. C93 gals
6plrlts, 2 cs liquors, 2 cs brandy, 2055 gals 1«
cs wine. 140 gals 57 cs whisky, 598 lbs coffee,
200 lbs 3 cs tea, 33 cs meals, 33 cs table prepa
rations, 1207 lbs chocolate, 67 crts onions, 436
pkga potatoes, 1583 cs canned goods, 7170 lba
codfish, 102 pkgs fresh . vegetables, 969 pks
fresh fruits, 4ftO5 lbs cheese, 33 cs 82 bbls sal
mon, 5371 lbs beans, 74 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 12 ctls corn, 175 bxs paste, 3809 lbs
ham and bacon, 262 lbs 3 cs bread, 220 pkgs
dry goods. 104 ca boots and shoes, 12 colls
wire, 354 pkgs paper, 42 bdls 70 bars steel. 121
cs 2 bdls Iron, IS cs arms and ammunition. 13
pkgs boiler tubes, 24 pkgs machinery, 16 bbls
plaster, 40 cs hats and caps. 5 rolls leather, 13
bales twine, 12 pkgs electrical supplies, 37 bxs
soap, 67 cs drugs and sundries, 53 pkgs wagon
material, 77 pkga school furniture, 41 1 coils
rope, 0 pkgs nails, 204 pkgs railroad supplies,
12 cs Jewelry.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sierra
sailed on Thursday for Sydney via Honolulu,
Pago Pago and Auckland with a general mer
chandise cargo, valued at J280.036, to be dis
tributed as follows: For Honolulu, $119,139;
Samoan Islands, $5976; New Zealand, $69,267;
Australia, $93,480; FIJI IHands. $791; New
Caledonia. $«05; South Africa, $554; Fanning
Island, $12 J. The leading exports were as fol
lows: ¦ . .
Exports to the Antipodes.
The German ship Alsterufer Is chartered for
railroad ties from this port to Callao; British
uhlp Clssie lumber from Puget Sound to Mel
bourne at 35s: British Fhlp County of Llnllth
gow, previously reported, same business from
Puget Sound to Hamburg at 51s 3d — chartered
in England.
XEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
FLOW OP CALIFORNIA RIVERS.
The following tabla gives a comparatiT*
statement for two years of the estimated floT
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet. The figures for tha
last year may bo revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by S. G. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANYON.
Second Feet.
DATE. .
1003. 1004.
February 21 12.770 46.«r,9
February 22 13.110 Ofl.000
February 23 t 17.500 70.210
February 24 19.700 R7.42O
February 25 l^.-tOO S7.42O
February 2« 17.50O j 71.60O
February 27 | lCT-.'O | 77.9C0
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1 .
1908. 10C4.
February 21 I.3SO I.S70
, February 22 1.1^> 2.«M>
j February 23 1.320 f»..Vir.
February 24 l.iso | ».7M>
February 25 1.1« I3.2K0
February 26 1.0«f> 7.120
February 27 1.060 I 10.M0
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE. j
1903. I 1DO4.
j .
February 21 MO P.-.rt
February 22 850 7m>
Februaiy 2;S WO 7f,o
February 24 7m> 1,012
February 25 *."W> 1.10O
February 2« 7IM> 1.17ft
February 27 1 70O 1.0S5
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERV1LLE.
I Second Feet.
DATE. 1 —
j 1903. { 1004.
February 21 : i I«3 10ft *
February 22 1 \K'. KU
February 23 1 IKS »3
February 2» 1«:; .«*
February 25, IK! S2
February 2« | ( lf3 7H
February 27 I 1W 7<»
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
March 4.- 1904. ..•-.:
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 e , at noon of the .120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time'. J. C. BURNETT, ¦
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
Collides With Pilot-Boat.
The scow-schooner Ada McCune damaged
h«r rigging yesterday by drifting down on tha
pilot- boat Pathfinder, ofl Metgxs wtert. Tha
Bilot-boat sustained UtUe damage.
Weathers Many Squalls.
The schooner Alice Cooke, Captain D* B. P.
Penhallow, which arrived yesterday. IS days
from Honolulu, encountered many squalls and
much rain, but managed to make a fair pas
sage in spite of the discordant elements. She
brought 20,939 bags of sugar. ¦
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, 40 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Centralla^ Erickson. 74 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound for San Pedro; put In
to land passengers.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 15 hours from
Caspar.
Stmr Peru, Macklnncn, 21 day« from Pan
ama, via San Bias 6 days.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. 98 hours from
Olympia. via Seattle 92 hours, bound for San
Pedro: put in to land passengers.
Schr Alice Cooke, Penhallow. IS days from
Honolulu.
Ship S. D. Carleton, McLeod, 82 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Schr Virginia, Nelson, 14 day* from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Glendale, Gronrold, 13 days from As
toria.
CLEARED
Friday, March 4.
Ger stmr Aniibis, RMmers, Hamburg, etc.,
via Seattle; J D Spreckels & Bros. Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
SAILED
Friday. March 4.
Stmr Bonita. Gielow. San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Je*sen, Eureka.
Ger stmr Anubls, Relraers; Hamburg, etc.,
via Seattle.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. San Pedro.
Stmr Centralla, Krickson, Redondo.
Stmr Gluey, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Coronado. Peterson. Grays Harbor. *
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, Men.1acin->.
TELEGRAPHIC
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS. March 4. 1O d m— Weather
clear; wind northwest; velocity 6 milea per
hour. •
Mar 2—50 miles W of five-fathom lightship,
ship Dlrlgo from Honolulu for Delaware Break
water.
DOMESTIC PORTS
COOS BAY — Arrived Mar 4 — Stmr Czarina,
hence Mar 2; stmr Alliance, rrom Eureka.
Arrived March -1 — Stmr Empire, hence March
2; bktn Omega, from Santa Rosalia.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Mar 4— Bktn Re
triever for San Pedro.
SEATTLE: — Arrived Mar 4 — Stmr City of
Puebla. hence Mar 1. Mar 3 — Stmr Valencia,
from Valdez."
Sailed March 3 — Stmr Lyra, for Hongkong.
March 4 — Schr Queen, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Mar 4— Tug Dauntless,
hence Mar 1. , . - .
Sailed March 4— Ger ehio Masdalene, for
Qveenstown.
Arrived March 4— Schr W F Garma. hence
BELLINGHAM— Sailed Mar 3 — Schr Defi
ance, for San Francisco.
PORT* GAMBLE— Sailed Mar 4 — Schr Queen.
°PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Mar 4 — Schr
Oliver J Olsen. from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Mar 4— Br ship Ancenls,
for Fremantle.
POINT LOBOS — Passed March 4, 11 a m —
Stmr FrancU H Leggett, from Eureka, for
""'ujjrou \— Arrived March 2 — Stmr San Ga
briel from San Pedro: schr Louise, from San
Pedro: schr Sadie, from San Pedr>.
Called March 2— Schr Beulah, for San Pedro;
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived March 4— Schr
Queen, from Port Gamble.
t'KAOWAY- Sailed March 3— Stmr Dolphin.
'"EUREKA- Arrived March 3— Stmr Acme,
hence March 2. .~'.' : L '__
S\N DIEGO— <¦ Arrived March 4 — Stmr Che
halls, from Redondo: bark Coloma, from
MeDONDO— Sailed March 4— Stmr Xew
burg, for San (Francisco: stmr Chehalis, for
Arr.'ved March 4 — Stmr National City, from
Fort Bragg, via San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 4 — Schr
Halcyon, for Ssn Francisco.
Arrived March 4 — Schr Expansion, from 8an
Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Mar 3— Stmr
American, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS. '
HONOLULU— Arrived March 4— Stmr RI
berla. from Hongkong; stmr China, hence Feb
27. for Hongkong.
ELEELE — Sailed March 2 — Ship Henry Vil
lanl. for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS. '
< BREST— Sailed Feb 29— Fr bark Francois,
for San Franclscc. '
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Mar 4— Br stmr
from Vancouver; Fr hark Ernest
Legouve, hence Jan 20; Fr bark Nantes, hence
Jan -O. .
FAYAL— Arrived March 4 — Fr «hiD David
d'Angers. from Iqulque.
ADELAIDE— Arrived prior to March 4— Schr
George E Billings, from Tacoma.
MELBOURNE — Arrived rrior to March 4 —
Br bark Invernelll, from San Diesrrv :
ALGOA BAY — Sailed March 4— Bktn Puako,
from Newcastle. • Aus.
NEWCASTLE. AUS — Sailed March 4^ — Br
bark " Melaoope. for San Franclaco.
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed March 4 — Stmr
Cymric. from Liverpool for Beaton.
"GLASGOW — Arrived March 4 — Stmr Korean,
from New York.
AUCKLAND — Arrived prior to March 4 —
Stmr -Ventura, 1 from Pan Francisco, ria Hon
olulu ."for Sydney. N S W.
NEW YORK — Arrived March 4— Stmr La
JLoralne, from Havre,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
: Thursday, March 3. •
Stmr Signal, Bendegard. 4S hours from Coos
Bay." -"". ¦¦•¦;¦¦¦* ' ' ¦ • ' ¦¦."¦¦-.
Friday, March 4. ;
IT S stmr Dix, Ankers, '60 hours from As
toria : . put in to finish loading.
US stmr Buford.' Hall, 54 hours from Port
land; put in to . finish loading. ' #
"/• Stmr Navarro, Weber, 13 hours from Delmar
Lauding. ,. • - ¦ .
•" Stmr Prentlts. Ahlstrom. SO hours from Port
land, via Astoria" 70 hours.
TO ARRIVE. I
Steamer. ¦, From. . Due.
Del Norte Crescent City Mar. 5
Chlco Coqullle River Mar. 5
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. 0 I
Oregon Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 5 j
Chas. Nelson • San Pedro Mar. 6 j
Spokane HumboMt Mar. «
Newburg San Pedro Mar. «
Lakme San Pedro Mar. 7
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor .'.Mar. 7
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 7 '
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 7
Elizabeth Coquille River Mar. 8
Tellus ' Oyster Harbor Mar. 8
Alameda Honolulu Mar. 8
Porno Point Arena & Albion .Mar. 8
Wycfleld Nanalmo Mar. 0
Czarina Cooa Bay Mar. 9
Pomona Humboldt |Mar. U
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. |Mar. 9
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma |Mar. !•
Missouri Hakodate jMar. 10
Chehalls Pan Pedro Mar.«ln
S. Monica.... San Pedro Mar. 10
San Juan New York via Panama. Mar. 10
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Ft. Arena Mar. 10
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 10 ,
Mariposa Tahiti Mar. 10
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Mar. 10
S. Dollar Hakodate Mar. 10 I
G. Llndauer.. Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 10
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 11
North Fork... Humboldt Mar. 11
Siberia China & Japan.^ Mar. 12
ChyPuebla.. Puget Sound Pbrts.... Mar. V-'
Alaskan New York Mar. 12
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Mar. 13
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul. . Mar. 13
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar. 14
Jcante I Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 14
TO SAIL.
{Steamer. | Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 6.
Redondo.... Portland v. Eureka 6 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
| Pomona Humboldt 1 30 p Pier :>
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Doric China & Japaq 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier "20
March 6. •
N'ewburg... Grays Harbor I 4 pmfPier 10
S. Rosa.... San Diego & AVay. 9 am Pier 11
Uma,tUla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Jeanle Seattle ¦& Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
March 7.
Arcata..... Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ... 10 am Pier 11
March 8.
Chlco....... Coqullle River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Spokane.... Humboldt ll:30pPier 9
Oregon..... Astoria & Portland|ll am|Pl«r 24
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.l 9 amlPier 11
March 9. | f
Eureka..... Humboldt I 9 am|Pier 13
March 10. j
S. Monica..- Grays Harbor I 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth... Coqullle River | 5 pm Pier 20
Porno...... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor 3 pra Pier 2
March 11.
Senator Puget Sound Ports. |U am Pier 24
March 12. |
Bonita Newport & Way..] 9 am Pier It
Alameda... Honolulu |ll am Pier 7
Peru N. Y» via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
March 13. j
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
March 14. I
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma 10 amlPler 20
Sequoia.. ». Wlllapa Harbor.,. 4 pmlPier 20
March 15. '
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm] Pier 16
* . . FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. | Sails.
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. |Mar. 5
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 10
Dlrlgo. . . . . . . Skagway Sz Way Ports. Mar. 10
Portland . Valdez & Way Ports.. Mar. 10
Cottage City. Skagway &. Way Ports. |Mar. 11
Dora. Dutch Hrbr via ValdezlMar. 15
Santa Ana... Valdez & Way Ports, .j Mar. lfl
Ramona... .. Skagway & Way Ports. |Mar. 18
J. Dollar Valdez & Seward |Mar. 20
The ships Charles E. Moody, Star of Italy.
Hecla and Eclipse, the barks Palmyra and
Fresno and the schooners Premier and Prosper
will load on Puget Sound.. The ships William
H. Macy and Balclutha will take one cargo
from San Francisco and another from Puget
Sound. All other cargoes to go from San
Francisco direct.
Ships — Tonnage. I
VVmiam H. Macy 2.202 '
Alexander Gibson 2,101
Charles K. Moody 2,0O:{
Star of Russia'.. 1,081
Tacoma 1,738
Malclutha 1,(3.89
Slntram - 1,65(5
Star of France 1,644
Hohemla 1,633
Star of Italy 1,«14
Kcllpse 1,595
Panta Clara 1,633
Hecla l,52fl
Indiana 1.4SS
Columbia 1,472
Llewellyn J. Morse 1.393
Centennial 1,287
Total 2S.C53
Barks— Tonnage.
Levl G. Burgess '. 1,610
Isaac Reed •.: 1,542
Gatherer 1.500
(^arondelet 1,438
Palmyra 1,300
Kuterpe 1,318
Fresno ] ,245
Himalaya , 1,027
Coallnga .• 1,001
Klcctra 9S5
Nicholas Thayer 585
Will W. Case 5S3
Total ¦ 14,209
Barkentine — Tonnage.
Sknglt 007
Schooners— Tonnage.
Premier aas
Prosper 241
Total I M9
Steamers — \ Tonnage.
Kvichak 1.0<M
Xu&hagak ' s0(>
President 5<H
IJnltnak ;.. 2.14
Chilkat ]72
Island Belle 14:5
Jennie .- 127
Kayak 115
Alitak ., 115
Kadlak 114
Thlrtle 102
Hat tie Gag;e 80
Gertie Storey 73
Afcgnak »:5
Klsie fi5
K'la Rohlffs «•
Pacific <>3
Royal 59
Polar Rei.r ''
Novelty f.0
Naknek 45
Katahdin 44
Arctic 42
Wigwam 40
Aleut 38
Reporter 38
Lillian 34
Ryba .....:.. 32
Qulnnat 31
Total .". 4,490
COMPARATIVE TONNAGE.
• 1902. 1903. 1904.
Ships 23.867 ,25.652 28,653
Barks 9,651 13,073 14.2CO
Barkentlnes ...... 607
Schooners 2.718 Mfl 549
Steamers 3,343 «,686 4,490
Alaska Packers' Association Fleet.
This season'* fleet of the Alaska Packers'
Association will consist of the following ves
sels:
Movements of Steamers.
cheese. 550 lbe dried fruit, 150 lbs hops. 1 pkg
machinery, 4 bbls oil, 1 cs ammunition.
To New Caledonia — 131 cs assorted canned
good*, 47 cs canned salmon, 548 lbs ham and
bacon. 250 lbs dried fruit.
To South Africa— 250 bdls shingles, 69 pkgs
metal polish.
To Fanning . Island — 100 lbs sugar. 640 lbs
meals, 4 cs canned g'oods, 3 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 6 cs paints.
The steamer also carried $2000 in Mexican
dollars, consigned to Suva, Fiji Islands.
The Peru brought 1285 tons of car
go and treasure valued at $2519. Her
passengers included the following
named:
Mrs. Elinor Paint, John Quest, U.
S. A., retired; William Sheppard, Mrs.
F. Bauer, A. J. Bradsle, F. A. Phelps,
Manuel Esqu^rno and A. W. Furlong.
The Peru brings word of the mur
der at Guadalajara of an American
mining engineer. F. A. Phelps, one
of the Peru's passengers, helped to
bury the murdered man, but declares
he has forgotten his name. The dead
man hailed from Missouri and was of
German extraction. He was murdered
and robbed by a native whom he had
hired to guide him over the hills.'
Charles Larsen, who arrived here
yesterday, a passenger on the Panama
liner Peru, knows all about the Rob
inson Crusoe business. He has just
spent fifteen months all alone on
Clipperton Island, where he was em
ployed as care taker. He had with
him a dog, made the acquaintance of
many strange birds and declares that
he enjoyed the isolation of his abode.
A British warship paid a visit to the
island and with the exception of the
schooner which brought his relief and
took him to the mainland was the
only vessel he saw during his stay at
Clipperton. Little guano has been
shipped from this island the list few
years, but the owners of the conces
sion employ a care taker to maintain
the buildings in repair.
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United Slates
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
Bign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the ' depth given by
the chart*. The plane of reference 1» the mean
or the lower low waters. )
_VRMY_ TRANSPORT r>IX ' WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM ASTORIA. WHERE SHE HAD BEEN BAR
BOUND FOR NEARLY TWO WEEKS, TO THE GREAT INCONVENIENCE OF THE QUARTERMASTER'S
DEPARTMENT. SHE WILL CARRY MULES FROM HERE TO THE PHILIPPINES.
Bid. Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Cs.lOO H'-'J 3 P Co 4Y a s. 98 89
B L Wat fis. — 1-0 ISun Tel 6s. 11:? —
Ca! NW n5s.H0 — Do Cs 1^2'i —
NsF Drdk 5s. — I13«i|Sntt»-St RSfclM 113
SF & NPSs.Ul'itllVsifR of SF Is. 7» —
s p c rt 4*. — ico I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 22 |]fils Nat r.k.300 —
Cal Cot Mils — 83 Nev Nat Bk. — -10
Cal G&ECor. 40 — IN S R R... It —
C Jockey Cl. »!> 120 IN* C P Co.. » —
Cal Powder. 125 — jOak Bk Sav.112'* —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 'Oak T Ccn. 6.'» —
Cal T I & T.115 HO 1OUF !Jall A- 5'ii —
Cen Bk Oak CJ 1 ; — lOrpheum Co. — 15%
Chutes Co .. «H» — [Pac S TeL.lCO —
City & C Bk. — 112 'Paraf Paint. 38 —
East Dynm.ir.O 2S0 18 F Drydock «O —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — ISF&SJ Ccal. 20 —
Fischer Thtr» l l i 2^l s J Wat Co - ~" lm
Frnch-A Bk.lC5 — SO & MTgbt — 1C3
Gas Con A. 19»J 21 Swiss-A Blc.lU —
Hono P Co.. lit, ].is; Truck Elec. — 13
Lon&.SF Bk. — «<> I'R InC pftl. 44* a —
ilat Nav Co. — 90 | Do com .. 10i a —
Morning Session.
Street—
$34.C0O United R- n of S F 4s «9 00
Afternoon Session.
Street—
$5,000 United R R of S F 4s 79 12^
$2,000 United R R of S F 4s 79 25
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 3>
Apollo 45
Associated Trust Certificates. 21 22
Aztec 73 80
Caribou 2 OO
Cental Point Con 63 f9
Chicago Crude 1» 20
Claremont 49 51
Fulton " 4 00
Hanford 140 CO
Home 1 2<> 1 23
Independence 11 17
Junction 15 19
Kern 4 73 B 00
Kern River 13 CO
Monarch (of Arizona) 41 45
Monte Criato 75 80
Occidental of W Va 13 ....
Oil City Petroleum 32 ....
Peerlesa 13 5<> ....
Senator 65 ....
Sovereign 45 49
Sterling \ 2 80
Toltec .* 1»
Twenty-eight 4 20 4 40
! West Shore 2 30 2 75
Associated Bonds 76>4 •&
{ Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 30 1 55
Chutes Company 7 00 ....
Fischer's Theater 100 ....
Northern Cal Power 10 CO
SALES.
Morning Session.
ICO Wolverine 40
100 Oil City Petroleum S3
Afternoon Session.
COCO Chicago Crude, cash .« 20
2C0 Sovereign 49
Mining Stocks.
SA>T FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were th» sales on the San Fna«
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Momlnsr Session.
ICO Best & Belch.2 15- 20O Occidental . . P2
3CO Bullion Hit 2f>O Ophir 4 3O
100 Caledonia ...1^5i 2fH> Overman .. 22
200 Chollar 20 200 Potosi ' 17
10CO Con C & Va.l «.V ftio Savage M
100 Crown Point. 21 J BOO Seg Belcher . ««
20O Gould & Cur. 48 2«>O Union Con . . 85
2C0 Mexican 1 73. 20O Yellow Jacket 4T
Afternoon Session.
6CO Andes 43! 30O Con C & Va.l «0
30O Caledonia ...120' :j|K» Silver Kill .. 62
SOO Challenge Con .15! 6P0 Hah 20
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
. inn Belcher 23 r 100 Con Cal & Va.1 P0
500 Belcher 2S 10u Mexican 17.1
200 Caledonia ..1 22^1 l«0 Ophir 4 B0
50 Caledonia ...1 2oi loo Overman .... ? tx l
200 Con C & V.I o~\,\ 500 Sierra Nev .. 51
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 2fi\ 1im> Ophir 4 45
60T> Caledonia ...120 2(:o Savage 56
200 Crown Point. 2O 2UO Union Con .. 64
150 Ophir 4 50)
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
clsco and Tonopah Mining Exchar.se yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Mont Ton ..1 ::0- lui> Ton Belmont. <3
S0<» Mont Ton. .1 27»i! Ml) Ton Beimont. fit
11CO Rescue DM: Wu Ton Belmont. *SO
300 Ton Belmont. 62 1
Afternoon Session.
300 Evelyn 33 30O Rescue 09
4C0 MacNamara . 19 900 Ton Belmont. «0
10C<> Mont Ton. .1 27Vi i'no<) Ton Midway. 40
40O Mont Ton ..1 30 lnnn Ton Midway. 42
40O Paymaster ... 12|100O Ton N Star.. S3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FPvIDAT. March 4—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. . Bid. Ask.
Alpha (Hi 07 Justice 04 i<7
Alta OS l'» Kentuck 02 03
Andes 45 47!Keyes Graea.. — 1 75
Belcher 27 2SLady Wash.. — M
Best & Belch.2 o<> 2 15 Mexican 1 70 1 75
Bullion CO 10 Occidental ... S3 S5
Caledonia . . .1 15 1 20 Ophir 4 40 4 B0
Challenge Con. .".."> 36' Overman .... 30 .53
Cfcollar IS COPotosl 16 17
Confidence ...I 10 1 15 Savage 5.1 ¦>.-»
Con C &. Va.1 K0 1 C5|Scorpion 02 03
Con Imperial. 01 0.1 Seg Belcher.. 04 C5
Con NY ta 05, Sierra Nev .. 6O M
Crown Point. IS 19 Silver Hill .. «S2 «$
Kast Sierra X 05 — jSt Louis .... 10 1.1
Eureka Con.. — 50, Syndicate ... 04 05
Exchequer ... 14 lfM.'nlon Con ..83 8t
Gould & Cur. 41 42;Utah 2ft 21
Hale & Norc. S>0 94iTellow Jacket 43 47
Julia 04 05!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask. } Bid-Ask.
Colehan — IS; Ray Exten .. — 10
Eeperanza ... — 01 Kay Ton . 03 10
Gipsy Queen. — 301 Ray & OBrien — pa
, Gold Anchor. 13 24; Rescue 08 C9'
Hannapah ... — 10, Ton Relmont. 6S «o
Hannapah Mu — 25 f Ton & Cal . . — 2f»
Lucky Tom.. — 05 Ton Pxten ..60 77
MacNamara . 17 20 Ton Fraction. — 50
Mont Ton..l 27^i 1 30 : Ton of Nev.'.a 73 6 00
Nevada Chief. — 40;Ton N Star.. 32
N T Ton — 02;Ton Midway. 41 44
Paymaster ... 09 11 1 Ton Superior. 11
D. C. Murphy. Emil and Rosalea Schanz to
James McMenomy Sr.. lot on NW line of Rln
gold street, 250 NE of Ninth, NE 25 by NW
75; $10. /
John A. Lyon to George F. Lyon. lot on E
line of Connecticut street, 250 S of Twenty
fifth. S 75 by E 100; $10.
Charles B. and Mary Humbert to John J.
Powers, lot on E line of Tenth avenue. 100
N of California street I> £5 by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Geta to Julie J. Schwartz,
lot on E line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 200 N of
D street, N 25 by E 120; also lot on W line
of Thirty-seventh avenue, 1<>O S of C street,
S 25 by W 120; also lot on W line of Thirty
seventh avenue, 160 S of C street, S 25 by W
James F. Brennan to John Craven, lot on
NE corner of Forty-fourth avenue and D street
K 415, E 1IC:7. SW 450, W 12:11 and all in
terest in Outside Lends 423; $10.
City Realty Company to Marie Sepplch (wife
of William G.). lot on E line, of Fifth avenue,
05 S of H street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Soren and Mary Chrestensen to . Harry M.
Lichtenetein. lot on E line of .Twentieth ave
nue, 150 S of N street, E 120 by S 25; $100. *
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie
P. Farnsworth. executrix) to Jennie M. Bur
gren. lot 15, block C, Sunset Heights; $1000.
Fannie P. Farnsworth to same, came, quit
claim deed; $1.
Patrick and Ellen Silk (by William T.
Plunkett. commissioner) to Columbian Banking
Company. ' lot on SE line of Preclta avenue,
143 :S NB of Mission street (new line), S 105,
E W>. N 2:0. E «1, NW 142, SW 39:8; $5000
Harlette de Witt Kittle to Charles Daiss and
Adoiph Baner, lot on E corner of Somerset and
Burrows streets, SE 400 by NE 240, block 23,
University Mound: $10.
Clara A. Potter to Nellie E. Schooler lot*
on N line of Minerva street, 130 W of Capitol.
W 50 by N 125, lot 10. block. R, Railroad Home
stead Association: $10. '
B. Ducas Company (corporation) to George
Ryan lot on E line of Butler avenue, 60 *N
of Wall street, N 25 by E 75, lott 4 to b,
block 3, Ftanconla; also lot on E line of Butler
avenue and SE line of Peralta avenue. NE
2»:1«». S 76:0»;. W 25, M 61:0%, lots 1 to S.
block 3. same: also lot on E corner of Tomasa
and Peralta. streets, NE 66:8%, S C6:0%, NW
«*."> :fi"i. lot 1. block 2, same; also lot' on W
line of Butler ' avenue, 107:«T4 S of Peralta
avenue, S 25 by W 75. lot 13, block 2, same;
also lot on SE line of Peralta avenue, £7:0 6-8
SW of -Butler avenue, SW 28:0%. S' 63:2%
E 24:6, N 77:9?i. lots 14 to 1C. block 2, same;
$10.
August H. Zetterberg to Hulda E. Zetter
berg. undivided M of lot on NW line of Mad
rid street. 250 SW of China avenue, SW i5
by NW 100; Kilt.
Josephine E. Nlven to C. August Welhe,
lot on SW line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 160
NW of J street, NW 75 by S 100, lot 3, block
4S5. Bay View Homestead: $10.
Anna M. Johnson to George Schnepple, lets
S and », block 6, Flint Tract Homertead; $10.
Michael Conroy to Catherine Conroy (wife),
lot on SE corner of Washington avenue and
Preclta street, E 35' by S 100, Preclta Valley
152; gift.
Nettle J. and Nathan TV. Harbine to H. W.
Pitkin. lot 1768; gift map 3; $10.
S. Ducas Company to George Ryan, lot on
E line of Condon street. 124 N of Peralla
avenue. N 25 by • E 70. lot ¦ 19.' George Ryan'
subdivision of Preclta Valley 234 to 236 re
record 2040 D. 87; $10.
Georxe and Kate . Ryan to John W. and
Annie Schaumleftel, same; $10.
Lulgi Lera to Marselio Vanni, lot on "W line
of Ohio street, 77:6 S of Vallejo, S 20 by W
57:<i; $2000.
Carlo Gugliermino (alias Guylerimlno>,
Charles and Lulgi Guylerimino (Templa) to
Jennie P. Jones, lot on S line of Commercial
street. 50 E of Kearny, E 20:C by S 00- $10.
Mary Duhig <by John Lackmaiin, Sheriff) to
D. C. Murphy. lot on NW line of Rlngoid
• Shipley) street, 250 NE of Ninth, NE 25 by
NW 75; f231.
r=.arah E. Rurh to Mary E. Rush, lot on SE
corner of Fulton and Fillmore streets E 27:0
by S 137:6; gift.
Same to Katherlne Rush, lot on S line of
Fulton street. 27:ti E of Fillmore, E 27:6 by S
l.".7:ti; gift.
Emma G. Butler and estate of Horatio K.
Gates to Golden Gate Commandery Company,
Jot on S line of gutter street. 96:3 \V of
Jsteiner. W 137:6 by S i:S7:«: $10.
Joseph and Max Brand^nrteln and as trus
tees et als. to llary \V. Trlckey. lot on N line
of Vallejo street, tX> E of Pierce, E 30 by N
120; $10.
Nellie and Alexander Bond to Katherlne
Hornrby, lot on W line of Pierce street 95 S
of Turk. H 25 by W 110; $10.
Hannah and Francis (alia* Francois) Marx
to Sarah Brodek, lot on S line of Post street,
125 W of Brodertck, W 23 by S 137:6; $10.
Morton L. Cook to Carrie II. Cook, lot on
X line of Washington street, 47:6 W of Lo
cuft. W W> by N 127:6^; gift.
James C. Jordan to Daniel F. Leary, lot on
E line of Michigan street. 500 N of Richmond
avtnue, N :«:4 by K 120; $10.
Jane M. and Annie Fleming to Ambrose
Furrer. lot on N line of Fourteenth street, 250
W of Valencia, W 25 by N 105; $10.
John S. Hellingsen to Hilda E. Hellingsen
(wife of John S.), lot on W line of Church
street, J>3 S of Hancock. S 25 by W 100; gift.
John and Henry Peters, Charles Baltz and
Adoiph Dittman to California Brewing Com
pany, lot on E line of Douglass street, 112 6
of Seventeenth, f 111 by E 125; $10.
Instates of Charles T. and Jennie A. Crocker
<m;nor£t ihy Henry T. Hcott and Charles K.
tJreen, guardians) to William B. Uoiirn. undi
vided two-thirds of lot on NK corner of Sutter
street and Van Ness avenue, N 120 by E 120:3;
?7.<.3X!.
Francis B. and Mary B. Harrleon (Crocker)
to pame. undivided half of same; 526,666.
Harry M. and Lucia H. K. Sherman (Kittle)
to Harriette de Witt Kittle, lot on K line of
Franklin street. 24 N of I^»mbard, N 113 :ti. E
124:3, N I:t7 :«. E 2C0:C. S .'{:«. S\V to beginning,
also lut on NE corner of Chestnut and Gough
street?, E i:«7:« by N 275: also lot on NE cor
ner of I»mbard and Gough streets, N 275. E
41'J:»>. S \:t7:ti, W 275. S 137:«. W 137:«; also
lot on P>7 line of Berry street, 91 :8 NE of Sev
enth, NE »1:S by SE 120; $10.
William H. and Agnes M. Sexton to Charles
and Caroline Tidd, lot on N line of Union
street. 00 W of Octavia. W 25 by N fcO; $10.
Charles O. and Lulu F. or Louise F. Burns
to Harris Ijindo. let on S line of Pine street,
J.VS:4 K of WeBster. E 41:8 by S 137:«; $10.
FRIDAY. MARCH 4. »
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The controversy arose over the ap
pointment of a new commission to se
lect a site. The committee amendment
was so amended as to make it apply to
all the great lakes, and not alone to
Lake Michigan, but Quarles' amend
ment calling for a new commission to
select a site was not acted on.
Almost the entire time of the Senate
was given to consideration of the ques
tion of the selection of a site for a
naval training station on the great
lakes.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— The Sen
ate to-day passed a bill for the amend
ment of the law governing leaves of
absence of persons employed in the ex
ecutive departments. It specifically ex
cludes Sundays and legal holidays
from the thirty days* annual leave of
such employes and extends the law
so r.s to make it cover the clerks and
employes of the Government printing
office.
Senate Adopts Amendment Concerning
Leaves of Employes.
ABSENCE LAWS CHANGED.
The controverted features in the In
dian bill went over until to-morrow.
The House confirmed the right of Sims
(D.) of Tennessee to his seat. F. M.
Davis, a Republican, had contested it.
Stanley (D.) of Kentucky made an
urgent appeal for relief at the hands
of Congress for the tobacco growers
and the toilers In the tobacco fields,
and complained that competition had
been destroyed by combinations of cap
ital.
WASHINGTON. March 4.— The
House to-day had under consideration
the Indian appropriation bill, the read
ing of which for the purpose of amend
ment was pending on adjournment.
During the general debate on the bill
Martin, a Republican member from
South Dakota, addressed the House on
his resolution directing the Secretary
of Commerce and Labor to Investigate
the causes of the differences which
exist between the cost of live and
dressed beef.
Sims, a Democrat of Tennes
see, Wins His Seat in His
Contest With F. 31. Davis
TOBACCO MEN APPEAL
Congress Probes Into Cause
of Variance in Price of
Live and Dressed Product
Ctiarles Larsen, a Passenger on the Liner Peru, Thinks That the
Robinson Crusoe Life Is All Right — Steamship Brings Word
of the Murder of an American Engineer at Guadalajara
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Unlisted Securities.
BEEF AN ISSUE
OF DISCUSSION
LIVES FIFTEEN MONTHS BY HIMSELF
ON LONESOME CLIPPERTON ISLAND
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALU, -SATURDAY, MARCH 5. 1904:
.. SATURDAY, MARCH 8.
Sun, rises .../............ .....6:39
Sun sets ..................: 6:07.
Moon rifles '.. .10:25 p. m.
O iTIme ITlme ¦"¦« Time !|Tlme :-.;;
2., I Ft. I Ft. H Ft. I Ft.
»|HW| |L.W |HW[, ¦ |L W| ¦ ;
6 1:43 6.6 7:52 0.9 2:22 4.6 7:58 1.5
tt' 2:27 t 5.5 8:52 0.0 3:27 4.4 8:45 2.2
7 3:15 >:5.4 9:57 0.8 4:37 4.1 8:37 2.6
8 4:05 5.1' 11:03 0.8 5:55 4.0 10:42 :t.O |
8 5:06 5.1 12:12 0.7 7:09 4.0 11:52 9.1
10: 6:12 ;5.0l:10 0.6 8:17 4.2 ..........
. L W HWI L-W ¦;• H W
11 ;i:06f 3.1 ¦7:13|- 5.0} 2:03 0.5 9:07 4.4
KOTE — In the above exposition : of the tides
the early morning tides are given - In Ithe Jeft
i hand column • and . the successive : tides of ?, the
| day. In. the order of occurrence as to time: the
uXourth. time- column sl\jt3 the last tide of the
14
•. EIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEAm
Birth, marriage and death notices tent by
reail will not be inserted. They must b« handed
'- in ct either of the cublicatlca offices and be
indorsed with the nsir.e and residence of per-
' )»cr.B Ruttoo'ired «.t> have the *aine publisaed.
Vo'tices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once iii thus column
free of charge.
BORN.
BAJIRICKLO— In this citv. March 3 1&04. to
the wife of J. R. Uamcklo. a daughter.
MORRIS— In this rlty. Man-h I. 1904, to the
wife of Edward il. MorrU. a son.
* ~ MARRIED.
FORD— LONG — In this t-ity. March 2, 1904.
hy the P.ev. J. Georite Gibson. John F. Ford
Of Redwood City end Mary F. Lung of this
< ity.
DIED.
Eoyce. Jr.hn Xvubbert. Margaret
Brooit*. William Mannlns. .'eremlato
Bulger. Arnie J. Meehan. Ahhle I.
Butzbach. Ruth Nlgro, Failxo
Cater. Michael Pelle. Christine M. !
Coug'hlan. Patrick Reggies. Elizabeth I
Iiabe! Roe* Rush. Katharine*
Dunn. Lcui* Ryan. Geoice T.
Hendricks. Emma Sheridan. Jowph
' Hyrup. Peter Levin Stamra, Helena. B.
lj»ir.g. Wary B. Walsh. Hridcet
Lnnzet. Samuel AVessel, Willie Louis ]
Lemon, Ar.hur P. Young, John E. ;
EOYCE: — In 1h!« city. M?rch 3, 1904. John :
n<?yce, beloved son of Bridget Hoyce and the I
late James Boyce. e native of County Done-
gal. lrr!an<1. i£-e<i 45 y«-ar*.
ITT Friends and a«qi:aintanceg ere recpect-
fu!!y invited to attend the funeral to-day ,
•Saturday,, at * o'clock, from the fumral j
parlor* of Jair.e* M«-Glnn * Co.. 22 4 Eddy I
rtl«et, thence to St. Mary's Cathctjral. where •
a solemn requsem mss-s will l>e oelebra'.ol J
for the re:>c«;» of h\e #oul, ccmmonc'.ng at '.•
o'clock. Jntermtnt Holy Croet Cemetery.
PIONEER Council No. I. Y. M. I— To the j
officer* and members of Pioneer Council No. I
1. Y. M. I. — You are hereby notified to at- j
ler.o the funeral of <>i<r late brother, John j
Bam, Saturday. March .1. at B a. m. sham,
from James McGinn'* undertaking par!or.»,
T>4 Ed<1y street, thence to St. Mary's .Cathe-
dral. F!ne« for non-a:t-?ndznce. IJy order »t
E1WARU C. CURTIS, Pre*.
I:. TOR1X. Secretary.
BRt «:»:•:.<— In thiil <iiy. March 4. 19<>4. Wiljiam
F Brooks. be!oved son of Ann anJ the late |
William Brooks, brother «>1 I'eter. Frank. [
Joseph. Christopher and the late Michael |
Brooke and Mrs. Mary Allen and Mr?. Sarah j
i:uri)hjv a native of New York.
BILGER— In tfalt city, March 4. 1901. Annie ;
J.. <ie»rly belovod dausfctf-r of Michael and (
Mary !3uls;er. and rister of John anJ William |
Culger and t^•* late Henry. Mary anj ,
Thomas Hi-!eer. a native cf San Francisc, ;
?^ed IS years and 7 moBtba. ;
C^Friencs »nd acquaintances are reapect- .
fully invited to attend the luneral to-morrow j
(Sunday), at 12:.".<» o'clock, from the parlors i
«>f Csr»« 4.- Knslish. -"J Van NeFs avenue. |
thenve 10 Sacred Heart Church for service*, j
f.mmencing cl 1 o'clock. Interment Holy j
• 'rot* Cemetery. '¦
lil'TZKACH— In this city. March 4. 1904. Rulh |
bertha KHzabeth. l>eloved daughter of |
Charier A. and F'orrnce C. Buizbach, and •
• Inter of Arthur G. Uutzbach. a native of j
California, aged 4 vcars «> months and lti ,
" day«.
CASEY— In tt is city. March 2. l»O4, Michael, i
<1<-arly h^lo^ ed father of Jo«-j.ih <'asey of i
New York City, a-iid wncle of Patrick Lydon. j
Thomas Kelly «nd Mrs. Bernard Capoel, a j
native <jf Gort. County Galway, Ireland, j
age3 O yea!-«. (Nep. Yoik and Los An- I
gflei" nsiMTS iiiea«<> cooy.)
CTFriend« and acquaintance* are rtspect- i
fuliy :nvit~d to attend the funeral to-day !
¦ Saturday*, at M"<> o'clock, from th» i.arlore !
"- of the I*acifie t"n<1ertakers. TT7 Mission .
•'.reet, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where ;
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated {
Cor the r»iK>se <»f Ids soul, commencing at 'J ;
" o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
" COl.'GHLAN— In thl« city. March J, 1304. at !
his residence. '2i> Wool ptreet, Patrick, j
beloved liuai-.and of the late Kate Coughlan. i
»pd fathtr or Hacnora. John Francis Joseph. 1
Daniel Josech and James Patrick Coughlain. !
an<l brot»»er of John Coughlan and Mrs. B. i
O'Brien, a native of the parish of Desart- j
«*-rgf«. Couniy Cork. Ireland, aged S5 years. J
A member of the Riggers' and Stevedore*' j
Union No. 21i. Ixxvl 1. L. M. and T. A.
CTFriendg and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors j
Of J. C O'Connor & Co., 7<j" Mission street, j
thence to St. John's Church, where a ;
requiem high mase will be celebrated for j
the rencse of Ms sou! at a o'clock. lnt«T- |
.ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DABEL— In Napa. March 1, ll>04. Rose Dabel.
beloved wife of Georere Dabel, and mother of
Willie Dabel. a native of Wurtetnberg. Ger-
many, a red 3S year* 11 months and 8 days.
ETFriendj' ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited u> attend the funeral to-day
• Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
purl'TS of the H. F. Maas? Company. 317
Mission sa-eet. Interment Cypress Lawn
Omelerj'.
."prVN— In thia city, March 4, 1904. Louis
; ' Dunn, a native of California, aged 48 years.
HKXDR1CKS — Entered into rest. In this city.
March 4, 1904, Emma Hendricki", beloved
sister of George T.. Jowph S. and K. Mill-
r.er and Mrs. C. D. McKenney, and mother |
<-f the late Arthur and Raymond Hendrickn.
« 'native of Jamaica. West Indies, aged 4(5 ¦
. yea.rs *¦ months and 4 days. ;
CS'Fripnds and acquaintances are respect- J
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow •
• Sunday t. March G. at 1 o'clock, from her
" late reeioence. 1436 Pine street, corner Polk.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero atreets.
HYR1P— In Alameda. March 4. 1904. Peter
• Levin Hyrui>. btlovt-d father of Mrs. C. J.
Klinker, Mrs, P. A. Johnson. Mrs. D. P.
. Munthe. Mr*. H. P. Nielwn. Mrs. O. Prahl
«nd' P. X. and W. P. Hyrup. a native of
Denmark,' aired 73 years (J months and <J
•iavf.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited u> attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at ;• o'clock, from the residence
of D. P. Munthe. llf.4 Broadway. Alameda.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
LA1NG— In this city, March 4. 1904, Mary
B. Lalng. beloved mother of Mrs. J. C.
Swift ef Kansas City and L. E. Lainc of '
San Francisco, a native of Scotland, aged
53 years 4 months and 10 da ye.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to atttnd the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday). March G. at »:30 o'clock, from the
parlors' of H. F. Subr & Co.. 1137 Mission
s-treet, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LANZET — In Seattle, Wash., March 2, 1904,
Samuel, beloved husband of Rachel Lanzet,
and father of Mrs. Max Bena*. Mra M. R. !
Goldberg. Mn. B. S. Dickboff and Markus
. and Annette Lanzet. a native of Austria. !
aged 67 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at 32:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2365 Pine wtraet, between Fillmo't
and Eteiner. Interment Salem Cemetery, by
electric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
LAWSON— In thia city. March 4. 1904. Arthur
B , belored bm of Mrs. Clara E. Lawson
and rather of Arthur M. Lawson. a native
of San FrancUco. Cal., aged 39 years 1
month and 14 days. A member of Pacific
« Parlor No. JO, N. S. G. \V.
EyThe. funeral will take place to-morrow
(Eunflay). at 8:30 o'clock. shan>, from the
psrlon cf James UcMenomey tc Son. 1057
Mission ftreet. opposite new Postofflce.
thence to Cyureaa Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
tric furxral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rerw streets at 10 o'clock. Cremation Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
LUBBERT- In th!« cltr. March 4. 1804. Mar-
caret Lubbert. beloved mother of Mrs. Fred
Champreux. Mn. Robert W. Lewla and
George H. and Arthur J. Iiubbert, a aatlve
of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged tt£
:*ari.
C7'FriendB and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral 8unday
March 6. at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, S7 Federal street, off Second, be-
tween Bryant and Brannan. thenre to St.
Brendan's Church for services: commencing
¦t 1 o'clock. N. B.— A requiem high mass
will be calibrated for the repose of her soul
Monday, March 7. commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MANNING— In this city. March 2. 1904. Jere-
miah Mannlnjr. beloved brother of Patrick,
nelia. ar.d John Manr-insr and Mrs. Nora
Keefe, a native of County Cork. Ireland
aged 40 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Saturday), et 9:30 o'clock, from hi* late
residence. 1227 Elli» street, thence to St
Mary"« Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
. high maaa will be celebrated for the reposa
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock In-
terment Holy Cross .Cemetery.
• MEEHAJN — In this city, March 4, 1904, Abbie
Irene, dearly beloved d&utrhter of Charles
«nd Henrietta Meeh&n, and Bister of Charles
W\, Georse H. and the laie Ulysses G.
Mfehan.
CT Interment private, Monday, March 6.
N1GRO — In Oakland. March 4. 1904, Farlro,
brloved husband of EJlen Nigro and father
of Madeline Nisr-o, a native of Genoa, Italy
aired 78 years and 4 months.
CTThe funeral will take place Monday,
March 7. at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. KJ» Center «tre«t. between Seventh
zx.6 Elyhth. Please omit flowere.
I'KLLE— In Oakland, March 3. 1904, Christine
M . wife of Captain Albert Pelle, daughter
«f C. C. HIH and the late Dorothea, f. Hill,
and rlster of Magnus P.. Charles H., Martha
M.. Ann'e W. and Harry C. Hill, a native
of Oakland, aged 24 years 8 months and in
Cavr.
CTFriends and acquaintances are rcspect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
James McOinn. Henry Haasen.
JAMES McGINN &. CO..
rormerly With McGinn Bros..
Funeral Directors! and Embalmer»— —
£14 Eddy et: Tel. South 576.
Sunday, March 6. at 2 o'clock, at .her
father's residence. 242 Ettle street. Inter-
mit Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
RUGGLES---In this city. March 3, 1904, Eliz-
abeth Woolverton Ruggle?, widow of the
late James Duane Kusgl«*. and mother of
James Duane Kuggles Jr.. a native of Al-
bany. N. V., ajred 7<i years and 3 months.
(Albany. X. Y.. and Madison, Wls., papers
please cop;'.)
prxh» funeral services will be held Sat-
urday, March 5, at 11 o # clock, at the family
rest 3«?nce. "210 Jackson street. Intermen*.
private.
BUSH— In *->> cltr. March 4. JfliU, Katharine,
daughter cf Faraii E. and the late Hiram
Rush, and tslster of B. F. Rush of Suisun
and Mrs. W. K. Fletclur, a native of Suisun.
fE7"Kriendf» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
on Sunday. March «. at 1«» o'clock, at her
lnte residence, M>i> Fulton street. Interment
private.
RYAN— In Oakland. March 3. 1904. George T..
beloved son of Christina and .lames J. Ryan,
and brother of Hudson, Ada and Caroline
Kyaii. a native of Canada, aged 31 years 1
ni.-.mn and IS days.
CCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend She funeral Sunday,
March «i. at 2 o'clock, from hi» late residence,
115«S Sixtjr-l&St street, thence to St. Colum-
ba'4 Church, where s*rvjc*s will be held,
lormneniijig at 2:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Marys Cemetery. Oakland.
SHERIDAN'— In this ctiy. March 4, 1904.
iU*^ph Sheridan, a native of Pennsylvania,
uped t9 jean-.
STAMM— In this city. March 4. 1904. Helena
I!er:Ita Stamm. dearly beloved daughter of
Christ and Kmtna Stamm, and sister of
Kmma A. and <;.>rtrud* M. i-tainm. a native
of California, aged i) months and 20 days. ¦
WALSH — In this city, March .'J. 1004. Bridget.
beloved xrif«- of Joseph Wai^a, and mother
of May a.n«l Deborah Walsh, and sl«tnr of
Mis. Katie Tobin. and niece of .Mrs. M.
Bradyl and John O'Rourke, a native of
Count> v Cavan, Ireland, aeed 30 years.
(ty Friend V and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitt-d to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of Ci-.rew A- Knslisli* iTJ Van Nets avenue,
thence to St. John's Church lor cervices.
«ommencing at 1 :?.O o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Oioetery.
YVESSEL— In this city, March 2. 1004, Willie
Louis, youngest and dearly beloved son of
Jacob and Mathilda. Weasel. devoted Brother
of llfnry and Detlef We*>se!, and beloved
grandson of Mis. W. Fredericks, a native of
.San Francisco, ared 14 years 3 months and
lit day?.. A member of the Young Men's
Christian AKSoriation.
E7"Frierids and acquaintances are reypect-
fully Invited la atiuui the funeral to-day
I Saturday). March 5, at 1:30 o'clock, fi-om
the St. Mark us Evangelical Lutheran
Church, O'FarrcII street, between Franklin
and Gouth. Remain* at the. parlors of 11.
F. 8uhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Oilvet Cemetery.
YorXG— In this city, March 4, lflOi. John
Erl, dearly l»?loved son of John P. and Min-
nie I*. Young:, and brother of Herbert and
l>ju!tf Young, a native of St. Joseph, Mo.,
«gfd 1 year k month:: and 5 days.Wheat and ; Other Grains.
Flour qr sks .. 10,186 Hay. tens 644
Wheat, ctls .... 514 Straw, tons .... 1
Barley ctla V.".". 9.222 Feed, sks ..... 68
Oats ctls 20 Sugar, ctls .... 1,370
Corn, ctls ..... 41 Hides. No 8*1
Beans, sks ..... 1.014 Leather, rolls .. 10S
Potatoes, sks .. 3.0«6 Lime, bbls ..... 1.15
Onions, sks ... 173 Wine, gals 69.450
Middlings. *ks. . 176 Brandy, gals . . . 850
__ OREGON.
Oats ctls ..... 4,50R( Fotatoes. sks .. 439
.WASHINGTON .
Shorts, sks ... 2.5001
' EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ..... 3631
FOR FRIDAY. .MARCH 4.
Receipts of Produce.
Silver and New York telegrams were lower.
Other rates remained : Unchanged. ...
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... $4 84%"
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 87H
Sterling Exchange, cables.. — 4 88^4
New York Exchange, sight ...... — • 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Stiver, per ounce ...;..;......... . — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... — 47V5
Exchange and Bullion.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. Mny. July.
Opening <i 10% 6 8% B 8%
Closing 6 10fc ' 0 8« 68 '
PARIS.
Wheat — March. Sept.-Dec.
Opening .....22 20 22 45
Closing 22 20 22 45
Flour — • ' ..
Opening... 30 20 30 «5
Closing ••• 30 05 30 55
St. Louis Wool Market. .
' ST. LOUIS, March 4. — Wool, steady." Me
dium grades, combing. and clothing, 17@21',4c;
light fine. lftf&17Hc; heavy fine, 12@14%c; tub
waehed, 20@31c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGOX.
PORTLAND. March 4. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 77c; bluestem, 81c; valley, 83c.
The total shipments of wheat from the port
of Portland for the week ending to-day were
1C0.S40 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 4.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, S4c:, club,, 70c. ;
••' Northern-Business. ,
SEATTLE. March 4.— Clearings, $735,721;
balances. $143,091. . . .
TACOMA. March 4.— Clearings, $377,081;
balances. SM.550.
PORTLAND. March 4. — Clearings, $505,287;
balances. ?64,1C6.
SPOKANE. March 4. — Clearings, $406,968:
balances, $103,444. •-- . ;
**t 1 ;h *" !Urt of n '" t fh « n '»« for the
«y win stow that Uie various c&ueet were
. IfEW TORK. March 4.— Activity was
clightly stimulated in the market to-day, but
without effecting ar.y mere appreciable move
ment Df pricen than en the dullest days of
the »«k. Vp to noon the number of sharek
traded in mas lot far rxjow the day's total
y«t.er>1ay and the day before. From that time
th* carket drop?*Kl back Into Its dull rut.
There wa» nothing in the day's news to ex
plain cl'-erly the »purt of activity. Traders
w*»rep»*ir.ingly lisr>*-n«d ty the idea that per
manent tnactilty ir imnocFiljJe and that the
.longer It continues the more likely is an al
t^mpt to pi:r an «"Tid to It to prove success
ful. T..-c»y's drmonrtration. although con
ducted wjth a ilttie mere confldence and de
tf-«-ciir.at!on thar. fcr tome time, was «lil
put-riT profefdirmal. Th' movement of indi-
Via-jal stock? hud a*roo.4 deal to do with the
Cfnrral tone. Tfc* xrttlement upon the tenr*
an-' recthr«i of the Pantma wlthdrav.-al from
tBL sub-treasury anu from Government bank
flep •Mtorit-s »as rerarded as a satisfactory
clearing u,, of a doubtful matter and a* offer
ing a potiFlblltty of irtlmulatlon to iavfistmeni
here - n th- part Of the French , nd Pa n amA
benffici«ri«-». borne trouble was reported from
* o, m* S l ° lhC , wlndln K "P of t»>« «*ttlcmrnt.
i.ut n>e .-•.*«!¦ for disturbance of thl» factor
»as felt to t* about at an end. Reports of
gross tarnlnw or railroad* for the fourth we*k
Jn tebruarv. although showing a large pro
portion of ir«» romparfd with last year am
re.atlvHy bfttc-r than for precedinc wf-eks end
offer iraif «:nwura«ement for the pW that in
plm'" tbTwi ie rer P° nslble for the greater
New York Stock Market.
Butter rules weak and buyers have the ad
vantage, though quotations . are not actuallv
lower. Stocks are still large and the demand
Is not brisk. -
, | The Cheese market is stationary, stocks being
as larse and the feeling as weak as ever i
Top quotations for Eggs are still maintained,
but th«v inside quotations for both ranch and
store are lower. The feeling continues weak
especially as some large retail houses through
out the city are extensively advertising to sell
at the rate of -two dozen for 35c. Stocks are
still enormous and dealers will soon have to
begin to store whether the Eggs be fit to go
into the icehouse or not. It is a case of doing
something or other to clear off the heavy sur
plus.. The sharp decline has resulted in a
good' shipping demand for the northern coast
and It was reported yesterday that Sunday's
steamer would take away almost 100O cases.'
The ' warm, sunny weather 1* - favorable to a
liberal : production of , Eggs, hence there is no
prospect of. any decrease In receipts at present.
¦i ' Receipts were ¦ 55,000 lbs . Butter 1252 cases
Egsrs and ¦ 28,500 lbs Cheese.
: BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 22S23c
for extras. 20©21c for firsts and 18@19c for sec
onds; dairy.. lS^20c; store Butter, : nominal;
cold storage, 20ff21c for extras. 18@19o for
seconds and 16@19c for ladle-packed. '
CHEESE— 8%© 10c for good to choice new
and -7®Sc for lower grades; Young Americas,
10@llc; ; Eastern. 15®16c; Western.' I4@15c
per - lb. - ; .
EGGS— Ranch, 15®17c; store, liglSc per
dozen.* ' ' .' '.¦'-' . : ,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
IC£W TORK. March 4. — Close: Monty on
call, rtf-aty, 1*4^2 per cent; closing bid. 1%
•yer cent; offered at 2 per cent.
Time loans. Fteady and dull; sixty days,
3@3^ ier cent; ninety days, ZVtQ3% per
cert; Fix months, 4g4% per cent. " ••• j
Pri:re mercantile tieper. 4Vi®5% per cent.
Sterling exchange. Ftrong. then ea*y. with
:¦.-'•-. I 1 HBim— in bankers' bills at $4.K065<a;
4.t>67l» for demand and at f4.833O@4.8363 for
f:xty days.
Posted rates, $4 S4'j ar.d « 87>^.
Commercial hills, $4 b3»sQ4 fc3%.
Bar silver. 57*ic.
'Mexican dollars, 45c
. Government bonde. steady; railroad bonds,
ftim.'
New York Money Market.
• BAGS— Grain Bass. 5HQ\">%e spot and 5Hc
t June-July; San Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags.
I 32@35c: Fleece Twine. 7%®8c.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $6 50; B*a
: ver Hill. $6: Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
: Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond,
| $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 In
i sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14,
; Welsh Anthracite Effg. $13; Welsh Lump,
i $1150: Cannel, $9 50 per ton; Coke.. $11 50^13
' per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2djX> lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
; - OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
: add 5c; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
: 47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases.- No. 1. 70c
. Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12: Lucol, 44c for boiled
'¦ and 42c for raw; China Nut. 60@70o per gallon;
• Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
: for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil,' S5c; natural winter sperm OH, SOc: extra
bleached winter 'Whale Oil. 6oc: natural Whale
¦ Oil. 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
j No, 1 Lard Oil; «0c;-pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
I No 1 Neatsfoot OH, 65c; light Herring Oil.
i 45c; "dark Herring Oil. '43c: Salmon Oil, 3Sc;
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint Oil, 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk
lie; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20»£c; Astral. 20W;
Star 20Hc: Extra Star. 24 He: Elaine. 26Vjc;
. Eocene 23%c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 16c; in. cases, 22 «4c; Benzine, in bulk.
'. 13c; In cases, 19%c; 80-degree Gasoline In
bulk. 25c; In cases. 31c. V
TURPENTINE— 34c per gallon in cases and
I 7Sc in drums and iron barrels. ,
! RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%©
I 7c per lb: White Lead. 6^®7c. according to
¦i quantity. - "
I SUGAR — The Western Surar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-Ib bags
/Cubes,. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.55c;
i Powdered. 5.40c; Candy Granulated. 5.40c; Dry
I Granulated, fine, 5.30c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.30c: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c; Beet Granulated
! iico-lb bags only), 5.10c; Confectioners* A.
I 5.30c; Magnolia A, 4.90c; Extra C. 4.80c;
Golden C. 4.70c: "D." 4.60e; barrels. 10c more;
half, barrels. 23c more; boxes. 60c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. • Tablets — Half
barrels. 5-SOc; boxes. 6.05c; H. A V. Crystal
Dominos. 8.30c per lb. No orders taken " for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
General. Merchandise.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15fi22c per lb
live Turkeys..' 16@17c per lb; Geese per pair'
$2@2 25; Goslings. -; Ducks. $5 5CS0 SO
per dozen for old and $6 50®7 50 for youns-
Hens. $6 50® 7 for large and $5«6 for
small; young Roosters. $6 5O«7 50; old Roos
ters. $5@G r.O; Fryers. $5 5&SU; Broilers.. $5®
6 50 for. large and $4 C0R3 for small: Pigeons
$1 2S@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25S2 50
for Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geese. $3 per doz : White Gee«e
7r.c@$l 25: Brant. ?1 00 for small and $2 for
large; Honkers. $5; ;. Rabbits.- $1 50#l 75 for
Cottontails and $1@1 25 for Brush; Hare $1 25
The Poultry market had an easy tone except
for ftrictly fancy young stock, which was In
limited supply. . Old stock was weak and fine
large Western Htns and Roosters that were
selling at $S per dozen last week were offerine
freely at $74/7 50. The fifth car of Weatern
for the current week wag on sale and sold off
slowly. . Twenty-two cases of dressed Turkeys
came in and fancy stock was in good request
at 20@22c per lb. while- poor quality lots were
hard to dispose of even at the minimum quota
tion.
Trade in Game was quiet and most kinds
were lower. - .
Poultry and Game.
J Miscellaneous Markets. |
Sugar Stocks Continue to Sell
Well, Others Quiet.
With tfce exception of the sugar stocks,
which continued to sell well at steady prices,
there waa not much activity on tl*e local ex
changes. Mining stocks were featureless and
the oil stocks neglected.
¦ The Pacific Jupiter Steel Company of Soutb
San Francisco has levied an asse.inment of" 2
cents per share, delinquent April 1.
The Ophlr Mining Company paid a divi
dend of 25 cents per share, amounting to
?25,200, yesterday.
The gross earnings of the United Railroads
of San Francisco for January. 1!)()4. amount
ed to $526,910. an increase of $54,034, aa
compared wfth January. 1903.
The Nevada County Narrow Gauge Rail
read Company han declared a dividend of $5
per share, amounting to about 9I2.0OO.
The Orr Extension Ditch Company, a Reno.
Nev.. corporation, has levied an assessment
of J15 »er share, delinquent April 1.
The Spanish Spring Valley Ditch Company,
also a Reno corporation, has levied an a»
ptrsment of $2 per fhare. delinquent April 1.
Tho Chutes Company has passed its divi
dend for this month.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
FRIDAY. March 4—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
43 qr coup.. 107H1CSU [4s qr cp newl32»413S
4s qr reg...lO7VslCS*i 3s V coup. .ICttH 107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — IO T Co* 6«.119 —
Bay CPC 5*. — 1C2 i Do 5s — 112*4
Cal C G 5s. — 1C4V»! Do con 5a. — 103^j
Cal G & E s Oceanic S 5s. — , "J
m A. ct 5s. — M !Om Cable 6s.l23 —
Cal-st C 5s.ll8\117i;!Pac G Ira 4s. 9O 9«
C C Wat 5s — 1OO !P E Ry .'¦¦«. 1 1:.14 —
Ed L * P B«.125 131 |P * C H 6».103V» — .
F & C H 6s.M4 U5H|P & O R Cs.llS —
Geary-st 5s.. 45^a *O ,Powell-st «s. — —
H C£S 5^8.104 — Sac KG*R5n. tH>>, 1C0
Do 5a .... 98 — ISF & SJV38.11SVi — V
Hon R T. fis.106 — j Sierra R 6s.U24 —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 Is P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.112Sill3J.il (19C9) ....lf»5«4— ,
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 1C«4 —
Do gtd 6a. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5 8 .lO3*;i05ii (l!105)Sr A.1O4% —
LAP lem Ss.lOlH — (1905>Sr B.105% —
Mkt-st C 6S.116 — <19W>> 107 107H
Do lcxn Ss.115 — (1912) ....113 — .
MY& MtT5?lC4 — SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
NRR of CCs.107 — Do stmpd.lOfl«i —
Do 5s HSU — S P B R 6s.l31 ¦ —
N PC R 5S.105 — S V W 6a. 104%
N C Ry 5a. — — . Do 4s 2dm. 9Ot,10Oti
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4a 3dm. 9S14 W»«.i
N S R R 5s. — 10OH Stkn G&EC*. — 100
O G L&H 5S.108 — U G & E 5s. 105*4 —
O W gtd 5s. — 1C0
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 f Port Costa. . — —
Marln Co... — *3 IS V W Co. 39X S>*
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3*i — IS F G & E. 56% 57*4
Mutual EL. »H — Stkn G ft E 5 —
Pac L Co.. 55H — ll'OftBCft-. 37H
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — |
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd-310 345 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 L P A A., .158 163
Anglo-Cal .. S9% 95 Mer Tru«t... — 225
: Hank of Cal. — 430 . Merch Ex... — —
I Cal Safe Dp.l47»£13O S F Nationl. — . -^
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L. — 23CO Sav A L So. — Ifift
Hum SAL.— — fee Sar Bk. — 43O
Mutual Sar.lOO — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.«25 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..190 200 IPresldlo ....— «
POWDER.
Giant «1 62 I Vlgorit ..... 3H —
Hana P Co. 20c 30c Kllauea S C. — ¦ 5
Hawaiian C. 45 45% Makaweli C. 21% 22
Honokaa S C 12% — Onomea S C 22 30
Hutch S P C 9U — Paauhau S C 13*4 13%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.137 — Oceanic S C. 4H —
Cal F C A. 95 — Pac Aux FA- 5 •
Cal Wine A. — 94 Pac C Borx.167 —
MV& MtTm.lC0 —
j Morning Session.
1 Boards- •
15 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 44,87'«i
10 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 43 0O
15 Hcnokaa S Co 12 374
10 Paauhau S P Co 14 00
20- S " F""~Gas * Electric 57 Ort
20 Spring Valley Water Co ;. 39 5rt
$3 OOO Sierra Ry of Cal « per cent.. 112 5O
Si' 00© Spring Valley 6 per cent.. 104 «2*i
Street— ¦
«2 COO Market -st Ry 1st con 5s 115 00
$5,000 Sacramento E G A Ry 3s 90 73
Afternoon Session.
23© Hcnokaa S Co 12 50
2C0 Hutchlnson S P Co..... '. » 23
10 Makawell 21 5O
T 5i > Paauhau S P Co...;...'..;.:. W JTM
20 Paauhau S P Co..... 13 75
. 30 S.F Gas, &¦ Electric. :.. 57 25
Street-^ .
$8,000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5s 115 00 .
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. &%c:
over 200 lbs. 5%05%c: soft Hogs. 4ii©4«4c;
So\va. 2o per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off,
and Stags, 40 per cent. oft from above quota
tions.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. Stj9c: Cows and Heifers.
7©sc: thin Cows. 4«j5c per lb.' •
CALVES — l®4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes, 4Vi©4%e
per lb iptofs weight).
LAMBS— 5H@6c. per lb.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF — 6»4€7»4c for Steers and €@6%c per
lb for Cows.
VEALj-Large. 8<39c; small. 8%««%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%©10cj Ewes. Sp^c
per lb. ,
LAMB— Yearlings, lie; Spring. 16c.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7@SVsC per lb.
DRESSED MEATS
Beef Is quoted a fraction higher and firm at
the advance, with no surplus on hand. Mutton
is unchanged, but also firm. Spring Lamb Is
scarce and very firm at the flat quotation be
low. There Is no further change In Hogs.
Meat Market.
CHICAGO, March ; 4.— CATTLE— Receipt?,
2">00; steady: good to prime steers, {5@5 73;
poor to medium. $3 5O@4 90; stockers and
feeders. S2 5O©4 25; cows. SI 5O@4; heifers.
$2 5094 *><>; canners. $1 50<g2 40; bulls, fZif
4 10; calves, S.'isi'l 75; Texas fed steers. $4@
4 85; Western steers, ?4Q4 75. >
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 19,000: to-morrow,
15,000; 5©10c lower; mixed and butchers, $5 15
(g5 50; good to choice heavy, $5 40fi,"i 60;
rough heavy, $5 20^5 40; light. $4 60©5 20;
bulk of sales, ?4 50^5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7OO0; sheep, strong:
lambs, strong; good to choice wethers. $4 254t
4 75: fair to choice mixed. $3 50ig4 25: West
ern cheep, $2 75@4 25: native lambs, $4 50®
5 70; Western lambs, $4 85@6.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
Cheese, firm; lo^iftll^c
CHICAGO. March 4.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market was weak.
Creams, 14@:M>4c; dairy, 14®22c. .
Eggs, firm; 17@18c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
for bay; Strinsr Bean*. 10«l5c per lb
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. $1@1 35 per box or
crate; Summer Squash from Los Angeles. $10
1 25 per bos; Cabbage. $1 10 per ctl: Carrots.
60c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 60cQ?l per
dozen; Garlic. 3#6c per lb: Egg Plant. 20-8 25c
per lb; Dried Peppers, 5@8c per lb for Stock
ton and 10@12V£c for southern: Dried Okra
10#12»£c per lb; Green Peppers, 20^23c per
lb: Mushrooms, 1.1@25c * per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, 1@1 Vic per lb; Hubbard. %c per lb.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 25c per lb for
fxtra, l,»4@20c fcr No. 1 and lfrgtCe for
No. 2; Rhubarb, SglOc per lb; Green Peas. 3V1
©Oc uer lb for Los Angelas and
Receipts of river Potatoes were light but
Lv Sr r e ,.T' ere ., llb ,? ral arrlv a»s of Oregon Buroanks
»w™ T.i I market was quiet at previous
prices with buyers operating cautiously pend
ing the arrival of the Oregon steamer, which
w»r , t 1; d^ r 7 rlth about 1)00 ° Sweeu
were In limited supply and Jobbing at an ad
vance. Onions ruled firm at unchanged rates.
Asparagus ruled ttrm at the outside quota
tions during the early trade, but the market
weakened upon the arrival of. the river boat,
which brought down about 35 boxes. Los An
geles vegetables were in moderate supply and
prt i£V howed but sl 'K ht variation.
_ POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1 10
©1 15 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks $1 25© r 40
?f r «»V : «. Petalum » and Tomales Burbanks.
$1 15@1 25 per ctl; River Reds. $1©1 10 per
ctl; small Oregon Burbanks for seed. 90c5Sl
per ctl: Garnet Chiles. $l@l io per ctl- Early
Rose. $1 25@1 35 per ctl; Sweet PoUtoes $2 75
per ctl; new Potatoes. 3«»3V,c per lb
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 «O@2 75 per ctl for Or
?fS I i, and * 2 OOlS:I for Nevadan; Green Onions.
OO^i <«>c per box.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
EASTEKX MARKETS.
Feeling on the Bourses.
Private wires to Mitchell. Mulcvhy & Co.
yesterday rtr^ilcd that further disturbance on
**"-«¦" VsLrif Bourse ccu*<d a heavier feeling
London t»as dull and h«-avy be
• a.ute l«raro stock exchange firms* in Paris
had to carry ova the «t-tt!emema. though the
y.ar was also a c>pr<--s?!r.g factor. In New
VorU t'.ere m 1:0 selling prc-SFure and rather
:iiore u<,mand for Invwtment l>ond».
Internal Revenue Collections.
The collectlcr.s of Internal Revenue in the
city o." San rranclfco during the month of
Febr-jiiry r.crp at :.,..-.is.
U<i $6,037 12
li^r 54,416 00
1-ruit Spirits 46.074 32
« Jrain Saints S4 433 SO
?t^ar!- 16.10127
• 'iEjarettM; 9,1^2 <<6
.',2
Tcb.tca. 1,52.1 40
riarlrs Cards 3*> :*4
¦fipecUlc 3.«i7 45
i:xj>ort Stamps 51 40
Voexaarvtaxr stamps ..^ 100
T ta! $221,588 16
Th* collection* la»t month eliowcd an in
. ?*<*(- or j:».<rjS over February. l\KXi. the col
lectiODf in that tnor.th being tlS2.4')Q.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Tirae.)
SAX FHANCIPCO. March * — 5 p. m.
The t^ilr-wing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date tast
eras-en, ar.l rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Btatiom — 2t hours, season, season.
Eunka <».12 41.62 42.29
Hed i'-luir O.0O 20.40 1S.0*
O.O4 JO.«,-7 11.99
.£M K:anrtsco O.'W 1S.1S~ 12.42
r-vmnc O.«» s.sn 5.94
Ir, ¦;¦ i-endence 0.00 1.60 1.81
Sap Lu'.h Obispo y.00 S.O; 12.9:{
tjoa ACgele* 0.V«> i.22 9.C5
t^n Dkg» 0.00 1.S3 &.31
. : THE COAST RECORD. !
~ £ Z ~ <*¦ "5
i ii it n it i
STATIONS. 2. ?,£ *i£ r= y- y
Far^llcn - "0.1N T>4 52 N-vT Cloudy .00
Ht Ttnia!;>ni*-:j!i.lS» iT *2 SW Pt.OJdy . ..
iiiker :i0.14 40 26 SE Pt.Cldy .06
f!.!>un 30.08 54 42 V Clear .01
Kindts -M.-J2 «» 44 SW Cloudy .12
Krf*no :W.10 <a> 54 NW <:iear .00
riagfctpfi 29.92 5l» 2S W Clear .00
ro.niello riO.OS 4O 28 NW Fnow .30
rndevrxlent* .30.1)2 «» 51 NW Clear .00
l^jf A:ipeie»..~J.9« 76 4S E Pt.Clcy ...
N<-rlh tiexL<i. .SJ.9^ «*¦ 44 S Rain .44
Ph-i*nix ».7S JSO 56 SW Cloudy .OO
Portland SI. 06 50 SH SW Rain .40
Ke;! Bluff 30. 16 tt, 46 N Pt.Cldy. 00
lies* burg :;iJ.14 5S 3S PW CToudy .00
Sacramer.to ..TA. 14 €2 50 NW Clear .O4
N»!t Lake 30.0S 40 32 N <7lear .12
San Francisco.30.18 C2 5O W Clear .02
-a.n 1^. ObiEpo.SO.i* 72 IH N Clear
-S*n Diego 29. 9« C2 48 NW Cloudy ...
Seattle 29. SS 5© ¦*© SE Rain _ .16
Sprkane 30.14 36 28 FE Cloudy .12
•Tatriosh 2!«.8(» 46 42 S Rain .4S
Walla Walla.. 3«>. 10 52 3d 8 Rain .12
Winnemucca .30.16 4S 32 SW Clear .CO
Vuma 29.80 KS 41 K Clear
Point R#> ••*..:«>. 13 56 48 NW Cloudy ...
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is bpjrinning to fall rapidly
along th'- coast cf Washington and a moderate
dlsturl^nce wiil probably racve In from the
North Pacific. High southerly winds prevail
at the mouth of the Columbia River. Heavy
. rain is falling in Washington and Northern
Orepon. S.iow is felling in Southern Idaho and
Wyoming. The weather is generally pleasant
• and fair throughout California, with Jenipera
turet a few de-prees above the normal.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: North Head, 46 miles, from the
fcuth; Modena. 3S miles, from the northwest,
and Flagstaff, .'iC miles, from the southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endinp midnipht, March 5:
. Northern California— Fair Saturday, except
showers on tbe north coast; light north winds,
ch«nginR to Boutherly.
• Southern California — Cloudy Saturday, with
fog along the coaft In the morning; light east
wind, changing to northerly.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
San Franrirco end vicinity — Cloudy Satur
day; light tast wind.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
CHICAGO, March 4.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, easy. No. 2 spring wheat.
92®98c; No 3, 85®96c; No. 2 red. 95<g$l 01;
No. '2 corn, 50\4c; No. 2 yellow, 51 %c: No. 2
cats, 40®40Hc; No. 2 white, 43c; No. 3 white,
tf)Q43%ei No. 2 rye, 72%c; good feeding bar
ley, 39<§40c; fair to choice malting, 45© 55c;
No. 1 flax seed, $1 08 •&; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 14;. prime timuthy seed, $3; mess pork, per
barrel. $13 S7%@14; lard, per 100 pounds,
$7 0507 10; short ribs sides (loose). $7@7 12VJ;
short clear sides (boxed). $7 37%<S7 30; whia
ky, basis .of high •wines,* $1 28f olover, contract
grade. $11 C5. .-._-,. -
Articlec — . , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37,700 26.0C0
Wheat, bushels 50,600 32,300
Corn, bushels 108,200 141.500
Oata, bushels 4OOI20O 10S.9CO
Rye. bushels 13,300 8,600
Barley, bushels 126,900 > 7,100
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Handlers of Lima Beans report a very firm
market, with no rain to amount to anything
tnus far in the southern districts while the
7 en JfJ^? S Very Kood - Other Beans rule steady
JS" 1 *. at unch anged quotations.
t»^i «t a , yo? - * 2 a5^ 2 55: Pea -' * 3 : But -
S2 nn<£j ;^ ma ii Wh i te " * 3 ® 3 15; larse Whlt< ''
L >^l' J o 30 ® S 40: Red Kidneys. $3; Blackeye.
Vi?erU 5 ,? er ' Ctl: Horse Beans - $2132 50.
hEEDS— Brown MuUard. $3 7S@4; Yellow
r« U «, l / artl i * 3^ a Mi r!ax - 51 S0®l 90- Canary,
,V,M C f °r Easte m: Alfalfa, 14@14%c: Rape.
lh^®M?lVT lm ,^o y ' 6 ®«%c: Hemp. 3*;@3%c per
lb. Millet.. 3@3U C; Broom Corn Seed. $20©21
per ton. .
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25©2 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
A press dispatch from Portland says that
Hops there are weak at 24c for the best, with
prices tending downward. There are said to
be about 20.000 bales of Hops on hand on the
Pacific Coast, and this amount it waa thought
a few months ago would be needed by the
London brewers, but these aver that they have
plenty to do them until next season opens.
English brewers also say that bad times
throughout Great Britain have curtailed the
consumption of beer and that their business is
therefore not so prosperous as In 1903.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %<Slc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium. 8%c; light. 8c: Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags, ec;
Salted Kip, 9c: Salted- Veal 10c; Salted Calf,
10%c; dry Hides. 15@16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 2.*.®30c each;
short Wool. 40<BG5c each; medium. 70t?!>0c: long
Wool, $1(31 50: Horse Hides, salt, J2 75 for
largo and $2Q2 50 for medium. $1 25<£1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 SO for medium; SltJl "-5
for email and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium.
35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No.
2. 3%c: grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs, 00
lie; Middle County. Hiffil2c: Northern defect
ive. 9<nCc: Nevada. 13^13c: Oregon, fine, 1S@
19c: Oregon, medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 23$3Cc per lb for California. 1903.
and 20c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions remain as before quoted,
with steady markets. The situation in Hay
Is reported satisfactory by receivers.
BRAN-$21^22 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— $27 50S29 per ton. '
. SHORTS-$2I«?22 per ton
-FEEnSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24^25 per
Y?J.L. Oi - cake McaI at the niill. $29 50031:
jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22^23: Corn
*Jf al i *2° 60@30 50; Cracked Corn, $30031;
Mixed Feed, $22023; Horse Beans. $300
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $15@1S: Wheat and Oat. $15®
17 50; Oat. $15@17; Wild Oat. $14@16; Bar
.,• H 3 ® 15 : Stock, nominal— none here; Al
falfa. $12@13 50 per ton
STRAW— C0®75c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. March 4.— The following table,
complied by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
March 3, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year: - ,
. - Percentage. !
Cities— > i nc . r>ec.
New York $1,113.465.808 28 8
Chicago 193,148.256 4.5
Boston 120,295,574 11.7
Philadelphia 111,971.965 6.9
St. Lculs ........ 55,S5T,218 8.0
Pittsburgh 39,210,022 24. -I
San Francisco ... 30,449, 9<l2 .... IS. 3
Baltimore 20.338,998 25.2
Cincinnati 22,05:5.800 1.1 ....
Kansas- City 23.B32.407 18.7 ....
New Orleans .... 21,380,781 30.9
Cleveland 14,350,395 12.7
Minneapolis 1H.152.746 33.1
Detroit 10.398,458 ' 3.2
Lcuisville 11,224,532 4.9
Omaha S.4S1.904 -10.7
Milwaukee ¦ 7.470.214 8.6
Providence 6,565,700 .... 0.5
Buffalo 6.87U.1S(» .7
Indianapolis 3.C00.S59 6.1
St Paul 6.200.147 10.2
Los Angeles 6.087.791 .8
St. Joseph 5.046,3(53 8.4
Denver 4,4(50.009 6.7 ....
Columbus . 4.7S3.300 10.2 ....;
Memphis 5.126.030 2.7 ....
Seattle 3,073.179 10.2
Richmond 3,920,493 6.1 ....
Weshir.gton 4,224,858 1.9
Savarnah 3,033,839 7.8
Albany 3,223,135 18.1
Portland. Or 3,248.333 7.7
Fort Worth 2.825,254 40.8
Toledo, Ohio .... 3.451,472 17.1
Salt Lake City... 2.41H.016 .... 5.3
Peoria 3.435,671
Atlanta :J,C09,«32 4.6 ...'.
Rochester 1 , S23, S44 30. 4
Hartford 2.999,113 3.5
Nashville 2.529,209 .4 ....
D«s Molnes 2.708,b67 16.9
Spokane. Wa*h. .. 2,171,222 10.5 ....
Taeoma 2.142,559 3.0 ....
Grand Rapids ... .1.818.033 5.3 ....
New Havtn ..... 1.072.147 21.5 ....
Scranton 1.4(315.947 .
Dayton 2.S.{I!.1!)5 61.8
Norfolk 1,760,115 «.3
SprinKfU-ld, Mas?. 1.7US.1I2 7.,"{ ....
Worcester 082,491 .... 47.9
Portland, Me 1.2S4.325 .... 15.4
Augusta. Ga l,ieK,079* .... 4*6
Topeka, 704,678 .... GiH5
Sioux City 1,347,103 17. v :
Syracuse 1.075.313 17.3
Evansvlllc 1.097.105 2.1
Birmingham l,2S-'{,628 13 ;j
Wilmington, Del. 1,250.141 9.0
Knoxville 1,591,554 82.4
Davenport 1,455.007 22.6
Little Rock 0!»9.375 12 I
Wilkesbarre 944,129 . 15,3
Fall River 050,959 ly.i
Macon 1.0U1.000 5.1 -
Wheeling, W. Va. . 745,«38 13.1
Wichita 1,013.419 30.5
Akron 72l#,«)O0 .... 10.9
Chattanooga 88B.011 39.1
Springfield, III...' 859,166 ' 23.8
Kalamazoo. Mieh. 741,228 24.9 ....
Youngstown 545.M2 12.9
Helena 560,396 12.9
Lexington 8*0.699 • .... H .2
Fargo. N. D 450.830 33.2
New Bedford CR5.719 14.7
Canton. Ohio ..... r>n:>,O0o 36.1
Jacksonville. Fla. -893,912 10.1
Lowell 396.eO3 7.9 i
Chester. Pa...... 347,956 8.4!
Greensburg, Pa... 32(1,950 3.S.3
Rockford, II! 443,393 10.2 ....]
Blnghamton 364.8W 13.5
Springfield. Ohio. 685,953 25.0
Bloomington. 111.. 1,195.833 14.3
Quincy. Ill 509.90!) 13.6 ";
Sioux Falls. S. D. 20.1.178 21.3
Mansfield. Ohio... 17H.214 1.1 I
Decatur. 111...... 375,651 0.3
JackEonvilie, III.. 34U.188 * 24.1
Fremont. Neb.... ' ?M,MQ 2.4 ....
•Houston* 12.128.793 .... H.i
Charleston S. C 1.249.762 11. S
Cedar Rapids 518,542
Totals. U. B.". $1.067. 687,201 lsT2
Outfclde N. Y. 8S4,221,304 . 5.0
CANADA.
Montreal $17,417,057 4.(»
Toronto 12,310.7:0 .... 27.3
Winnipeg 5.456.773 48. 5
Ottawa 1,811.143 5.5
Halifax 1,367.478 . .7.0
Quebec 1.270,til3 15.0
Vancouver. B. C. 1,187,310 9.8
Hamilton 008,001 31.5
London. Ont 004,741 5.0
St. John, N. B.. 762,611 1.2
Victoria. B. C... 709,175 43.9 ....
Totals. Can.. $44,165,697 .... 8.1
•Not Included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. March 4.— The cotton market
closed barely steady at a net decline of 7&)
12 points on the general list.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, March 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12.700 barrels; exports, 11,300 barrels. Market
wan dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 31,300 bushels. Spot.
casv. No. 2 red, 81 04 elevator; No. 2 red
$1 0591 08 f. o. ;b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. $1 08% f. o. b. afloat. Options were
eesy all day, closing Irregular at %c lower to
%o higher. May closed at $1 00%; July closed
at 07%c; September closed at 89%c.
HOPS — Firm. State, common to choice
1903 croD. 31037c; 1902 crop, 24(g28c; Pacific
Coast. 1903 crop, 27@33c; 19C2 crop, 24@27c.
HIDES— Firm. . • > i
WOOL— Firm. '
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR — Raw, .firm. Fair refining, 2 5-16c;
centrifugal, 9t$ test, 3 ll-32c;' molasses sugar,
2 11-lCo; refined firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. nominally steady. No. -7
Invoice. 6%c: mild, steady. The market for
coffee futures closed steady at a net decline
of 5Q10 points. Sales were reported of 97,000
bars. Including: March at 6.15c: April,' 5.20c-
May. 5.35©5.45c: July. 5.006:5.75c: September
5.85@6c; October, 606.07c; November, 6.10c-
December, 6.05<e6.20c. and January, 6.35c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
rather more active and holders are firm In
their views. Common are Quoted at 4@5c
prime, 5%©5%c; choice,' 6%fi6c; fancy,
6%@7c.
¦¦ PttUNES — Are rather unsettled. . Jobbing
demand Is fair, but confined to small lots and
i the . undertone of the seems a shado
hlsher.
APRICOTS— While meeting with only a
i moderate demand, are firm, owing to licbt
1 offerings. Choice are quoted at 9%@10e; extra
choice. at 10Vi®10%c, and fancy at 12@15c.
TEACHES — Continue firm, with choice quoted
;VLOUR — California Family Extras, j$4 80®
6 10. '-usual . terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70@D;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing, at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl."- -i-. -..-. .,! ' ' ' -
MILLSTUFFS — Pricea tn packages are as
follows; Graham' Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7: Cocn Meal.. $3 25: extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats; »4 50; Hominy. $4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. J3 75: Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 BO; Rolled
Oata. bbls. $7 25®8 60; In- sacks. $6 75@S 10;
Peart Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
not vry effective in bringing out the higher
prices which these who professed to believe
in the I- efficacy hoped for. A decline In North
ern Securities en the curb was a reminder of
the recurring effect to be locked for from the
Supreme Court declyion day on Monday. The
movement of currency has been In favor of
New Tork. and a gain In cash for, the week
Is Indicated of nearly ?2.000.0CO, tti spite of
the rnitgo of gold to South America, transfers
to Chicago and absorption by the sub-treasury.
This was retarded with dissatisfaction rather
than otherwise, »as showing a decreasing inte
rior use of money.
Bonds were rather firm, but dull. Total
I tales. 1.405.000. )
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchiscn 8,900 >£6 65% 65^s
Atchison Pfd 200 89% 89H *<9
Baltimore & Ohio.. 6,800 75% 75% 75%
Bui t & Ohio pfd... 300 88 SS fS
Canadian Pacific... 1.500 111% 111 111%
Cen of New Jersey 153
Chesapeake & Ohio 200 30% 30Vi 30
Chicago & Alton... 5,300 39% 3S% 3«%
Chi & Alton pfd 83
Chi Great Western. 200 14% 14% 14*4
Chicago & N W... MX) 164*4 164 104Vi
Chi. Mil & St P... 12,800 139T, 139^4 139%
C. M & St P pfd.. 1C0 173 173 173
Chi Term & Trans. 100 10 10 10
Chi T & T pfd l.SCj 21% 21 21
C. C, C & St Louis 85
Colorado Southern. 2.500 17% 16% 17
Cclo South 1st pfd. 400 55 H 55 55
Colo South 2d pfd. 1,100 24*4 24 24%
Del & Hudson 500 150% 163*4 155J5
Del, Lack & West. 2t',(T
Denver* Ri« G... 200 18% 1S% 18%
I5en & Rio G pfd 35%
Erie ". 3..-S00 23% 23% 2:1
Erie 1st pfd 1,000 62% 02% «2%
Erie 2d pfd 900 39 3S% 39
Hocking Valley 72%
Hooking Val pfd.. 1(0 £0 80 78'
Illinois Central 600 127% 127 127
Iowa Central. 3<J0 20 19 20
Iowa Central pfd.. / 100 34% 34% 34
K C Southern 17V4
K C Southern pfd •. -32
Louis &: Nash 1.300 1O.'{% 103 103
Manhattan L •1,200 144 14">% 14:5%
Metropolitan Sees. 300 84% 64 S3
Metropolitan fct Ry. 1.C0O 115% 115 114%
Minn & St Louis 58 '
M. St P & S S M. 61
M.StP & SS M pM 117
Missouri Pacific... 3,100 89 SS% 88%
Mo, Kan & Texas.. 70(0 15% 15% 16»,i
M. K & T pfd 3t>'i,
Ntl R R Mex pfd 35%
New York Central 2,000 114^ 114U, 114
Norfolk & Western 1,200 56% 55% 05*4
Nor & West pfd 85
Nor Securities .'. . f»7"i
Ontario & Western 500 20% 20H 20»*
Pennsylvania 9.300 114% 113% 113%
P. C. C & £t Louis I 55
Ueadin* 9.400 41 40% 40%
Reading 1st pfd 75
l:< iulir.c -JJ pfd 100 50 RC 56,
Rock Island Co 2,900 21 20% 20%
Rock Island Co pfd .»••• B1H
StL & £F 2d pfd. . 100 43% 42% 42%
St Lculs S W 100 14 14 13*4
St Louis S W pfd. 500 31*4 31 31
Southern Pacific... 5.100 44% 44 44
Southern Railway. 3O0 19«4 19 1S%
Southern Ry pfd.. UK) M» SO 73%
Texas & Pacific... :to0 23 22% 22»»
Toledo. St L & W ! 23i2
I T. St L & W pfd.. I0"i :« 34 34'
Union Pacific 9,200 74% H% 74%
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 S7 87 87%
AVaba^h n%
Wabash pfd 600 34% 33% T»5
Wheeling & L E 15
Wisconsin Central. 100 18 . " 18 Is
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 40%
Express Companies —
A( * a ~'S 220
American 185
United States v. .... 103
Wel!s-Fargo "05
Miscellaneous —
Amal Coppw 10,500 47% 46% 46%
Am Car & F " 700 20Vi 20% 20
Am Car & F pfd.. ¦ 6OO "•" 71 J4 70<* 70
Amer Cotton Oil .. 100 29% 29 & 29
Arncr Cot Oil pfd &8
American Ice 300 7% 7% 7%
American Ice pfd. COO 31 31 31
Amer Linseed Oil .... 9
Amer Lin Oil pfd. 1 27
Amer Loco 3,100 23% 22% 22%
Amer Loco pfd 200 82% 82% 82%
Amer Smelt & Ref 47*4
Ameri S & R pfd 100 90% 80% 90
Amer Sugar Ref .. 11,000 123% 124% 124%
Anaconda Min Co ' 64
Brooklyn Rap T... 7.900 42H '41>4 41%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 31' 30% 30
Consolidated Gas .., 1.7ftO 194% 194 19.1
Corn Products 9,200 1S% 13V4 13%
Corn Products pfd. 400 70 6S»i CS
Distillers' Secur .... 23»i
General Electric .. 400 ltS2% 162 ' 161
Inter Paper jjii
Inter Paper pfd " * gy
Inter Pomp ;.-.-] 33
Inter Pump pfd '" \\u
National Lead $00 15% 14%* 1511
North American ' $i
Pacific Mail 300 27% 27% 26%
People's Gas 1,100 9SN MVi OS'*
Pressed Steel Car.. 200 28 -I °sTZ <»<5
Pressed S Car pfd ....
Pullman Pal Car "io
Republic Steel .... 200 7% zii " 7«t
Republic Steel pfd ..„ 42
Rubber Goods .... 400 19% 19 " 19
Rubber Goods pfd 73%
Tenn Coal & Iron "" 351?
U S Leather 100 7»i 7>i tu
U 8 Leather pfd.. . 700 78 78 78
U S Realty 1,100 7% 715 714,
U S Realty pfd .. COO 52'/* 51 5l«
U S Rubber 300 13 12%- 12«
U S Rubber pfd .. 500 48% 43 4H
U S Steel 4,000 11V4 11 n
U S .Steel p'fd S.000 56% 5(J% 50W
Weetlnghou^e Elec 700 160 139 159%
Western Union ... 200 88 88 88
Total sales 194.900 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK. March 4.— Bond transactions
of the United Railroads of San Francisco we-*
*S000 at $7S 75 end $29,000 at $79.
AMERICAN CAN • COMPANY.
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred bid
3S%, asked 38%. ' . .
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO5 L & N unified 4s. OSW
Do coupon 105%]Man con gold 4s 105%
Do 3s reg 100 Mex Cent 4s .... 65 '
Do coupon 106% Do 1st inc ijt;
Do new 4s rcg-132Vi Minn dfc St L 4s. 90»i
Do coupon 132V4 M. K * Tex 4s.. 97*i
Uo old 4s reg.. 106% Do 2ds 77
Do coupon 107% NR of Mex con 4s 75
Atrh gen 4s 99% N Y C gen 3%s.. 97*t
Do adj 4S..... SSU N J C gen 0s...l28
Atlantic C L 4s. 91% Nor Pac 4s 102%
Bal & Ohio 4» 101 Do 3s 70%
Do 3%s 93% Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Central of Gfc Ss.105 OSL 4s & partic. ftl%
Do l«t inc 66% Pa conv 3%s.... 9514
Ches & Ohio 4%s.I0e%'Reading gen 4s.. 95H
Chi & Alton 3VJS. 75 SL & I M con 5s 112xZ
C. B & Q new 4s. 92V1 8 L & S F fg 4s. R0%
C.M & SP gen 4s.lOR% St Louis SW lets. 93U
C Sc My con Vs.. 129% Seaboard A L 4s 65i2
C, RU Pac 4s. Cf>% So Pac 4s S8(J
I Do col 5* ..77%'jSo Ry 5s ..111^4
C.C.C & SLgn 4s 97%jTex & p« c l«ts 115H
Chi Ttffl 48 80 T. St L & W 4s. C9
Cons Tobacco 4s. 57U Union Pac 4s 1C2U
Colo & So 4s...*S4V4 Do conv 4s....- 95*4
Colo F &. 1 70 US Steel 2d 5s. 72%
Dfn & Rio G 4s. »7% Wabash lets ...115%
Erie prior lien 4s. 96*i Do deb B 59%
Do sen 4s 84 W & L Erie 4s.. 87
F W& D C lsts.104 Wis Cent 4s so
Hocking Val 4%«.104% ¦
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ..... 12 Ontario « 4 25
AJice 1« Ophlr 4 55
>3recc« "."••• 10 Phoenix 0^
rom Tunnel ...: 0« Potosl ........... 75
Con Cal & Va... 145 Savage -. 68
Horn Silver .... 1 15 Sierra Nev. ...... 60
Iron Sliver 2 /W Small Hopes .... -22
Lcadvll!* Con 02 Standard ..2 50
Little Co'.ef ...'.. 07 .
Cons for money.. S3%IN y Central 117*4
Do for acct..S5 0-16 Nor & Western.. 57%
Anaconda 34 Do pfd 89
Atchlson ,.. 67%iOnt & Western.. 20%
Do pfd......:.. 91% | Pennsylvania .... 5«%
Bal & Ohio...... 77 hi Rand Mines - 8>v
Can Pacific ....114 Reading ...."20&
Ches.& Ohio..... 80% Do let pfd. . .'.'..30
Chi Great W....J5Vi Do 2d pfd .28%
Chi. Mil & St P. 143V, So Railway 19%
De Beers ....... lH'-zdi Do pfd. ..:..... 81%
Den & Rio G.... 19% So Pacific ....... 45%
Do, pfd 08 - Union Pacific... 78 Ji
Erie 23Ti Do pfd 00
Do 1st pfd K4i,4 US Steel........ 11%
Do 2d pfd 39% Do pfd t 68 i
III Central .;.... 130% Wabash 1S%
Ix>uls' & Xash...lOC (Do pfd. -.. ...... 34%
M. K & Tex 16% Spanish; 4s ..'.... 76%
Bar silver— Steady 26 7»16d per ounce '
Money— 2 V* per cent.
The rate or discount in the open market for
short bills is 3 l-lfn??3V4 per cent and for three
months' bills 3.1-ie®3Vi per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
..CHICAGO,. .MarcJv •*•—. Under, the > Influence
of ' lower •' cables, > wheat market* opsn'ed
somewhat unsettled.-, with;,. May /unchanged : to
lc lower, at • OCgU'c. ¦ • Initial quotatlona on
July were unchanged to -%c lower,' at' 9I^i<§^
92'4 c. ' Commission ¦. ' houses, • however, ' ;'• wer,e
active buyers at : . the' start,* owing to repdrts
from Russia Uiat ' ¦wheat ¦ crop . prospects ';. were
unfavorable. • Business was' of considerable
voiuiie, and the" rush to secure' wheat was, the
cauee of a temporary -rise to 99c In May-de
livery. The price of July likewise advanced 1
to 93c before there.. was sufficient profit-taking
to cato i reaction. • Many of the pit traders
wore beariehly incllnod, and on. the bulge were
eaelly induced to take the selling side. Offer
ings became «d liberal that the advance "was
soon lost. May declined to 97c, while July
reacted to 91%c. Then some additional' bull
news regai ding crop prospects ' began to cir
culate, with a resultant Change in sentiment.
The Ohio crpo reoort ;showed the. condition of
wheat to be only 69, . as compared . with 94 a
year ago. The -droli.thMri : the--Sbuthwest* stll)
eontlnued.V and' a ¦ g6od .cash • demand WA8»fer.
ported 1 .from-, .the. Northwest.. Many v of '.the.
earlier seller* bfBun. to buy/but offerings were
hard-to«iind.--.Th6re '.was- a>jrood.° demand for'
July, and the- price of . th»t*optico rose Jo 93',*c,
while May alfso 'showed ?a gain of a cent or
mGre.- -T5»e -market- was • the
close, when "another decline occurred-ron.lib
eral' profit- taking. , .Prices ,at' the finish were
steady,' with! May .'at; 07c and "July at-?2%c.
' 'Active buying by. 'several large commission
houses caused ¦ strength'; in ! the 1 corn-. , market.
The close was- well- toward 'the" top price of
the day. " Mav- closed,- at 53%C". -V July closed
lc liteher, .. at ¦ 52Uc: • - ' . • •'•:.; •
r Offerlhg8'of oats were scarce at the opening,"
and en good eeneral buying there Vas a quick
Jump in jDriees. May <¦' closed at ! 41t4c, lc
higher: and July at 39%c,-l He -higher. •¦¦• '
Provisions were* unsettled, with - trading
about evenly divided. '- The' feature in-trsidlng
was the sellinc of May pork, and a consequent
decline of 50c In the price of th.af product.
Lower Drices for hoes at the yards was the
main bear Influence. -The close was steady,'
pork . 25c ' lower, lard unchanged, and ribs
down 17 %c. ,
The leading futures ranged as follows: V
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.'
Wheat No. 2 — -'¦¦,.
May 07 - 99 96 k 97
July, old 93% 9Ui . 92% 93%
July, new .... 92ft 93>/i »1% 92%
Sept.. old ... S7 88 86% 87%
Corn No. 2 — " •
May 63%' 53% - 52% 63%
July 51?i 52% 51% 52U
September... 50%. 51 % -; 50% 61 Vi
Oats No. 2— v •
May :.. 41% 41% 40% , 41 U
July 3S% 40 3S%- 39%
September .. 34U ,34% 33% '-.". 34Vi
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May li 90 14 30 13 80 13 92%
July ...:.... 14 32% 14 40 13 95 14 07%
Lard, per 100 iiounds —
May ...7 22% 7 3o 7 20 7,25
July 7 40 7 50 7 35 7 37%
Short Ribs, rer 100 pounds —
May 7 25 7 35 7 C3 7 07%
July 7 35 7 45 7 20 7 22%
Future Grain and i Provisions.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
10c; 10-ib tins. 10%c; 5-lb tins, lOftc; 3-lb
tins. 10--Kc. -
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; thre«
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, S%c per lb. • -
Chicago was lower. Wires from there say
that the sharp decline In prices for Hogs has
decreased the receipts, but It is thought that
the decrease is merely temporary. The San
Francisco market continues quiet and feature
less, with ample supplies.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, li% c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%c: California
Hams, 12%@13c; Mess Beef. $10 50@ll per bbl;
extra Mess, $11 50®12; Family, $12 50^13;
prime Mess Pork. $15: extra clear. $24@25:
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10%®llc;. Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
RAISINS— The-Aseoclation quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades, 50-lb cases — 2
crown Loose Muscatels. 5>4c per lb;
3-crown. 5^c; 4-crown. fi%c: Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4Vic: Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c: 3-crown Malaga loose. fi^Jc;
Seedless Sultanas. ¦ unbleached. 4%c: Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 5%c. Layers, per 20-
Ib box — 6-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters. $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25: usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy 16-oa
cartons, per lb. 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. 6%c: fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c;
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb. 7%c: choice 12-oz
cartons, per package. 6%c: choice bulk car
tons, per.lb.. ?\'\C\ 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb, 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 5%e; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb. <i%c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%@14c;
No. 2. ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13@13%c:
No. 2, ll@HVic: Almonds. ll%c for Xonpa
rlels, 11V-C few 1 X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 W>©5.
HONEY — Comb. 10011 %c for white and 8%
@9%c for amber; water white extracted, 5<9
5'ic; light amber extracted. 3^@4%c; dark.
5Hc: light amber extracted. iVi®4»ic; dark.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Provisions.
FRUIT— Apricots. 8^@10%c for Royals and
9®12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4>4@
5%c; sun-dried. 3%<g4y*c: Peaches. 5@7%c:
Pears 8<Sll%c: Nectarines. 5®5%c; Figs,
white 3@4c in boxea; black. 4%c; Plums, pit
ted. 5@Sc per jib.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%©2%c for the tour
sizes.
There is • a better feeling In Evaporated
Apples, but otherwise Fruits are reported quiet.
The recent good demand for Peaches seems
satisfied and that market is now quieter. There
is nothing else new to report.
Dried Fruits } N tits, Raisins, Hone\
Kczc York Stock market steady. Cotton higher.
P:iris Bourse again shotting weakness.
Sa: Francisco Exchanges quieter, zvith Sugars leading sales.
Silver end Domestic Telegraphic Exchange lower.
Wheat and Barley quiet and without feature.
C^cis. Com and Rye steady at prcz'ious prices.
Kay end Feedstuff s selling off well, with tnoderate receipts.
Lima Bca:is very firm, zvith continued dry weather dozen south.
Butler, Chccs ar.d Eggs still in excessive supply.
Evaporated Apples rather firmer. Peaches quieter.
.Previsions about the same, here and elsewhere.
Hops reporlcd lower and quieter in Oregon.
Beef and Lamb slightly higher. Mutton and Pork unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables show little change.
Poultry easy and Game quiet and lower.
Oranges in light stock, but weak and quiet. \
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— U S Steel. 11
Call loans 3%©4% Do pfd 56»4
Time loans ...i%Q5\i Westing Common 79
Bonds — Mining —
Atchlson 4s 97% Adventure 2
Do ad' 4s K7»i Allouez Z%
M« Central 4s.. 64 Amal Copper .... 47%
Railroads — Atlantic 7
AtchUon C0% Bifigham 19H
Do rfd 89 Calumet & Hecla.445
Boston & Maine.lt;5% Centenilal ...... 17%
Bofton Elev 138% i>— Range 40%
Fitchburg pfd.... 136 Daly West .... 34
Mex Central .... 11% Dom Coal A...,. "52%
N Y. N H &. H..190 Franklin ..i...i.. .7%
I'ere Marquette.. 77 • Grancy -¦•^Vi
Union Pacific...'. 74 Iele Royalc 7
Miscellaneous— . .. Mass-Mining ..........: 3%
Amer Arge Chcm. 12% Michigan 4%
Do pfd 74 Mohawk. ........ 30:
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 ¦" Mont Coal •¦&»¦ C. '2%
Amer Sugar 12 J% Old Dom .'. . 10>*
Do pfd........ .123 Osccola „ 57:
Amer Tel & Tel. 121%' Parrot .......... 22%
Amer Woolen... 10& Quincy '..; S3
Do pfd 71 Shannon .......... 8%
Dora lr o n & S.. 7 *J I Tamarack .....;. 95
Ed Elcc Ilium... 231 Trinity -..........: 4%
Gen Electric ;..l<!0. O S Mining...... 20^4
Mass Electric...". IS K-S OH 8%
Do pfd 73% Utah 33%
Mass Gas 3S Victoria, 3;
United Fruit 97 WInona 5
Un Shoe Mach; ;•.-<«¦ Wolverine "" .'71
Do pfd 2SVi
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
FISH—
Barracouta — eiSjRockcod — ©15
Carp 10<pl2%!.Sea Bass....... — ©15
Catfish — ei2t^ Smelts — O15
Codflah — ©12% Soles 10<915
Flounders 10<9 — Skates, each 10015
Halibut 15©— ipquid .— ®—
Herring 8©10Tomcod 12%-®—
Mackerel —^ — Turbot 20©—
Do hors« 15® — -Trout — ©—
Rockflsh — ©12% ' Brook Trout. . . . — ®—
Salmon, fresh... 15«20 Whlteflsh 10<9 —
Do smoked I.".fi25 Clam-i gallon ... 80® —
Sardines ltva — ; D o hardshell.lb 8O10
Shrimps — #10 Crawfish, lb — «15
Shad 100— |Crah«. each 151323
Striped Bass 15®20 Mussels lb 12%®15
Perch 1C#— Oysters. Cal. 100.40«5f»
Foaiplno ....— Q$l 50 Do Eastern. dz.SOJMO
Colored, per lb 5® — Do sweet, lb. . — & 4
Dried Lima. lb.. — 9 «' Parsnips per dz.l3<3?O
Cabbage., each... 5£10 Radtsltes dz bch.lS<32O
Olery. head.... 5@10JRhubarb. Ib...l2%'?15
Cress, dz bunch.l.*»« — | Sage da bnches 25<9 —
Cucumbers, each. KV320 String Beana. lb.15^23
Garlic 10<812% Summer Squash. ¦
Green Peppers, lb30ig40 per lb ...10©12U
Dried Peppers. . .10«i0 Sprouts per lb. . 5® •
K«r Plant, lb.. .23935 Spinach, per lb. 9& S
Green Peas, lb. SftlO Thyme, dz bnchs25<934>
Lettuce per dox. 15S30J Turnips per doz. — <&li
Leeks, dz bunch. 15®20 Tomatoes, lb.. 12^913
Mushrooms. lb..20@35i
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus. lb...20@35| Onions, per lb..333>-i
Artichokes. doz.t)0c3$l|Okra dried 1b. ..2iX*—
Beets, dozen 10^— j Potatoes oid.lbl%«2U
Beans, white, lb. 5<3 — Do new, lb... 4(9 S
FRUITS AND NUTS—
AHIgtr Pear». ea.2O^33i Dried F!g» 1b. . 6®10
Almonds 15©2o' Grape Fruit, da.75cSll
Apples &3 Si Limes, dot 1C913
Cranberries, qt. .—©25 j Lemons doz 15^30
Pecans — C20 Oranges, dox 20-^50
Brazil Nuts 2O<5£— i Pears, per lb.. — «12S
Bananas, doa 2'.&' to: Pineapples ea...25.«5O
Chestnuts 15«20j Tangerines, doz. -15«2u
Cocu&nuts. each.— @10i Walnuts per lb. 15^20
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each C0@90: Pigeon* pair. ..-r-@3O
icur.K Roosters. i Squaba p«r pair. — ©6O
each 75c®$l ! Rabbits each 20<323
Old Roosters. ea.CiOSfiJ Hare, each —(820
Fryers, each —©75; English Snipe dz.$t CO
each. . .5O©«5 Jack • Snipe. doz.$2 50
Turkeys, per lb. 25*27 Gray Geese, each. 40^50
Ducks, each 75cg$l: White Gee?e ra.lHiiZS
Geese, each.. — igjl 5O Brant each 20*340
Goslings $2 OOi Honkers. each...4O©«5
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter. choice,sq.43<a50irheose. Swiss.. . .234J33
V Do good 35©10IEKgs dos. . .17H®U2H
Do packed,lb.22H'g25 Uoney. corrib lb.— 62O
Cheese. Cal 2S$O20 Do extracted.. 8310
Cheese. Eastern. 2'J*{25
MEATS. PER FOUND—
Bacon 18*020] Pork Sausage.. l2Vs«>18
Hams 1Gi»13| Smoked Beef — (920
Lard 1-M9 — j
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective
Association gives the following retail price*
for meats.
Roast Beef 10(020 Hindqtr Lamb. .tSigJO
Tenderloin St^ak.l&glS.' Forcqtr Mutton — @12S
Portrhse. do.l7Vi©22% Leg Mutton —©15
Sirloin Steak.. 12Sei.»i Mutton Chops 15^J2O
Round Steak.. .10<gri2*«il Mutton Stew. ..- 83 1O
Beef Stew — C10| Roast Veal 12-92O
Corn Be»f f@10Veal Cutlets 1.V32O
Soup Bone« 4« — (Veal Stew 12%«15
Soup Meat ..... 5<810{ Roast Pork 12V»319
I-amb Chops.... — 020! Pork Chops 13O1S
Foreqtr Lamb.l2%@13|
Some kinds of Vegetables are a little lower,
but prices of mo«t descriptions are still rather
high.
COAL. PER TON— "
Wellington .$— «1O CO New
S?attl« ......$— @ 8 50' Wellington $— ®10 0©
Roslyn $— & 9 00 Wellinston
Richmond ...« — *p 9 50. Nut $ — & S 00
Greta $— Q9 00lCoos Eay. ..$-—© 7 50
Eggs are In unusually heavy supply and they
are much cheaper, as will be s«en. Buffer,
too. UJower. as wag predicted last week, and
as- the production Is steadily Increasing even
lower prices are expected in the near future.
Meat and Fish are gttll •ellln? at the iamlllar
quotations. Poultry has not changed since last
week.
Fninily Retail Market.
Lead declined 3s 3d to £11 ISs 9d in Lon
don, but remained unchanged locally at $4 CO
<&i C5. /
Spelter clewed unchanged at £22 2s Cd in
London and remained, quiet - locally at f 5 06
65 15. .
Iron closed at 51s 3d in Glasgow and at
42s 4%d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was
unchanged; No. 1 foundry NortU/rn. $14 75
to $15 25; No. 2 foundry Northern, $14 25@
14 75: No. I foundry Southern and "{to soft;
$13 25@13 7B.
Cliicago ; Board of Trade.
NF.W YORK. March 4.— Tin was lower in
London, declining 5s to £123 15s for spot and
2s Cd to £124 5s for futures.- Locally tin was
easy at ?2SS28 25.
Copper advanced 5s In London to £57 and
£36 for pr>ot and. futures respectively. . Lo
cally copper was steady. * Lake, $12 50(312 75;
electrolytic and casting, $12 37%@12 62%.
New York Metal Market.
at 7H®7J$e; extra choice;- 7=£CSVi-c; fancy,
i)@ioc. -.¦-. . y • . • -'• ¦ '
.Teed. $1 07>£@l .10;" Shipping : and . Brew-
Ing.. $1 1601.17HJ Chevalier, $1 17HS1 40 for
fair to choice.- ¦* ! ¦.-. » ¦ , • .
.'..-;¦' \ ' :\ ;.»¦¦.•; \- FUTURES. ,
' . ""- Session'O to 11:30 a.- m. :, . ':
' , Open. High. . . Low. Close.
May .... 51 07}*.' ?1 «I7% «f;7H $1 07>i
December ...102 102.1 02 102
r •' .. .2 p. - m. Session.'
May-^l 07% bid,. $1 OS.askeVJ. - , .'
December— fl 02»/i bid.
OATS — Continue steadily held . and in fa*r
local demand at unchanged quotation*.
White. $L27%@1 37%: Black. $1 2501 85;
Red/ $1 25R1 35: Gray, $1 32% per ctl.
' CORN— There Is no further change to report.
Prices are steady and offerings are not large.
¦-{ Western .sacked. $1 37%@1 40 for Yellow.
$1.37%@lMO.for White and $135 for Mixed:
California "large yellow. $1 27%t?l 42%": small
round do. $1 50: White. $1 37 yi@l 40 per ctl:
Egyptian," $1.45@l'5O for white and $1 27%©
l;3O for brown. '- ¦ ¦ •- . :
-RYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per cU.
Of. the -10,257 'ctls received . from all quar
ters'yesterday over COCO wtfe screenings from
Port j Costa.' V- There' are a good many screen
ings • coming in at present. ".;-<' • '.
.. \ ;> -C"+ :'¦'- -CASH. BARLEY. ¦ ' r
2 p. m. Session. .. - -
May— $1 .43% bid. $1 43% a*ked.
December— $1 39% bid. $1 39% asked.
• BARLEY — The. market showed no change,
either. In .-futures or the cash grain. In re
gard ' to the . celling off of. a ¦ largo line held
in warehouse, mentioned yesterday, the hold
ers • sayJthey' have, been fellers all along, but
are .not disposed to lefgo-under market rates,
'and - in fact ares pretty^ independent.- having
already refused .'to "sell • the whole line out
right.', i They "are 4 long on - May and express
themselves satisfied with the condition of af
fairs. ••.•¦ '. • -' . . • ,-.- .'¦?•
California Club, $1 42H@l 47%; California
White Australian, $1 52W01 57%; Northern
Club, ¦ $1 42>4®1 47%; Northern liluestem,
$1 52 '4 ©1 57V, per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ?1 43% $1 4.-5% $1 43 $1 4*V4
December ... 1 39ft . 1 39% 1 39 1 39
CASH WHEAT,
In- December. Bradstreet's gave the exports
for the week. Flour included, at 1,643.000
buahels. - against .8.-01.000 during the same
week .last- year. The - Modern Miller says of
the general crop conditions: "Except in the
northern . portion of the , Wheat belt, .where
there is snow protection, the crop is in poor
condition to withstand • freezing and thawing
weather during March. The top Is unusually
small and thin, but the plant Is generally well
rooted.: But-H needs- plenty of moisture to
bring it to its full development." !
'In this market' cash Wheat was firmly held
and futures were higher.
There was a fair movement In the common
and medium grades of Apples, but the fancy
grade* were dull.
APPLES— $1 7562. per box for extra fancy:
$1 25@1 50 for ordinary fancy. 83c@$l for
choice and 35g65i: for common.
PEARS — Winter If ellia from cold storage (re
packed). |2 50*23 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 50JI2 ?O
per box for fancy, $1@1 50 for choice and 85cO
$1 10 for standards; Seedlings. 5Oc@$l; Tan
gerines, 75ctf$l 25 per box; Lemons, $1 7562 50
for fancy. $1 25@1 50 for choice and 75cfijl for
standard; Grape Fruit. $1 23^2 23; Mexican
Limes %cgn 50: Bananas. $1S2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 50@2 25 for Central Ameri
can; Pineapples. $1 C>0®2 50 per dozen.
plenty of such fruit available at reasonable
prices. Business at the auction rooms reflected
the" conditions prevailing in tne open market
and a carload of extra fancy Redlanda fruit
was withdrawn owing to the light bidding.
One car " of Navels I was sold, ordinary fancy
selling at $l®150. choice at 85c®$l 40 and
standard at 80c®$l 05. There was nothing new
to report In other Citrus fruits.
THE SAN FRANCISCO : GALI:rrSAfURDAY/ MARCH 5, % 1904.
STOCK 3TAKKET.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
Continued on .Pace Fourteen.
Stocks of Oranges were light, but the market
continued weak despite the warm, sunny weath
er, : with . trade ol *. a hand-to-mouth character.
Retailors were * complaining ; of th« light con
sumptive demand and .were indifferent buyers,
limiting their. purchases to small quantities for
immediate s wants. - Extra * fancy ; Navels were
the weakest description, although there wus
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were , lower and
Paris ..futures higher.;. Cables from the ¦ Ar
gentine reported a ; threatened extension' of ! the
railway, strike there. .; :-„<"."; ' .' „,•
: Chicago continued' active • and ¦ unsettled, as
will be .seen by ..-, the ..,- fluctuations.;; Receipts
there continue liberal /and - the. cash situation
Is r.ot improving.-. , The. Ohio State report; gave
the condition,, of jthe ; crop at 69, against • 78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15¦ $100 Rupture Cure- for; $10 by-Hunter. 1200
Market »t, . . fiend for circular SjMSSfiBfe! *
C F. Humphrey announces that he has
removed J his -law offices to 'rooms 211 to
216." inclusive, tenth floor. Crocker build
ing. Telephone Private Exchange 151. •
A masquerade ball under i the aus
pices of the ; Danish 'Brotherhood of
America will be given this. evening in
Turn Verein Hall on Turk street. '
Danish Masquerade Ball.
The will ' of Louis Elkus, the mer
chant who" died a few days ago, was
filed for probate yesterday. He leaves
his entire estate, which is estimated
to be worth many thousands of dol
lars, to his widow, Cordelia Elkus.
trusting to her. love and affection to
Mrs. Ellens 'Gets Estate.
L. Eca da Silva, inspector and inter
preter in the Chinese Bureau, is "no
longer in the: Government service, his
employment having been terminated
several days ago. • ... . ¦ =.
Interpreter Da Silva -Out.
An inflamed throat should not be neglected.
Plso's . Cure for Consumption heals. •
Weak, Eyes cured by Murine Eye item
ed}'. Cures pink eye and /all inflamed
conditions. •
The petition Is signed by the-Mar
ket-Btreet Company, by G. H. Umb
sen, secretary; O. D. Baldwin. J., J.
Beatty; Investors' Realty Company,
by Henry Kahn, president; A. Geary;
William Giselman, trustee; Joseph
Buttgenbach and Edward R. Rock
for Maru Rock.
Fourth street is the main thoroughfare lead.
Ing* to the Potrero and South San Francisco,
and Is rapidly becoming so congested with
teams that passengers on the Fourth-street'
cars are being much delayed. - There are few
basements on the street, therefore the work
would be less difficult to accomplish now than
later on. We ask that ¦ this Improvement be
Inaugurated at once, and that provision for the
same be made In the next budget.
Property , owners on Fourth street
petitioned the , Board of Supervisors
yesterday to widen »tlie; road way of
Fourth street, from Market to Chan
nel, by cutting off four feet from each
sidewalk, thus widening the main
roadway, eight feet. The , petition
eays: "v:v ?
Petition Supervisors to Cut Down
Sidewalks by Four Feet to Re
lieve Congested Traffic.
PROPERTY OWXERS WANT
FOURTH STREET -WIDENED
Because of pressure of business Eu
gene W. Levy, Commissioner of the Su
perior Court, has tendered his resigna
tion. His place will be filled at a meet
ing of the Judges to be held next Tues
day.
Commissioner Levy Resigns.
Major. Parker W. West entertained
Colonel Crowder, Captain March and
a number of other officers informally
at dinner at a downtown restaurant
last night.
Major John P. Wlsser is still going
on his rounds of annual inspection.
Everything Is gone into minutely and
the inspection is carried out In ac
cordance with the full army regula
tions. . The inspection is 'the most
complete and exacting that has been
undertaken in several years. The
general hospital buildings were , in
spected yesterday. It was a big job,
as the hospital is now composed of
some dozen or more separate build
ings, having room to accommodate
more than 600 patients.
The drill of the Ninth Cavalry on
Thursday night came as a great sur
prise to both officers and enlisted'men.
It took place shortly after 7 o'clock
and was a bleak, drear, pitch dark
night, when suddenly the bugle's shrill
blast gave the signal "to arms." In
thirty-two minutes the entire squad
ron was mounted and fully equipped
to go into action. Major Bigelow ex
pressed himself as highly pleased with
the work of his command.
Colonel E. H. Crowder called on
General MacArthur yesterday morn
ing and for more than two hours the
officers were closeted in close conver
sation. Naturally much was to be
discussed about Colonel Crowder's trip
to Japan and Russia, and the exist
ing state of affairs in the East.
The transport Dlx. which was de
tained for thirteen days by rough
weather on the Columbia bar, arrived
yesterday. A big gang of carpenters
will at once be put to work building
stalls for the 230 mules that she is to
take to the Philippines.
The transport Buford arrived late
last night from Portland. She will go
alongside the transport dock this
morning and at once be placed In con
dition to receive the 600 marines, who
will be brought down from Mare Isl
and as soon as she is ready to receive
them. She will go to Manila,
The Twenty-eighth' Infantry went
through full regimental drill yester
day morning on the parade ground in
front of the general hospital buildings.
The drill was a hard one, but the men
showed themsel" 3 up to high stand
ard of excellence.
Major Wlsser Putting Troops at the
Presidio Through Unusually
Difficult Drills.
ANNUAL INSPECTION IS £/;£
. VIGOROUSLY CARRIED ON
Log Cabin! "The bread with a flavor." A«k
your dealer — wholesale — BOO Dolores st. •
Insolvent Farmer.
Manuel Silva, a farmer of Undine,
filed a petition in insolvency in the
United States District Court yester
day. He owes $1569. and has $187 as
sets.
The board tore down a fence that
obstructed. Magnolia avenue for a
width of seventeen and a half feet at
Webster street. The owner added that
amount cf land to his 120 feet of land
which he owned and failed to obey the
board's order to take the fence down.
There is a large number of other
fences on public streets which must
come down, and the Board of Works
intends to put an end to the practice
of property owners realizing revenue
from land which belongs to the city
and not to them.
As a result Commissioner Woodward
reported yesterday that the fences
v.'hich obstructed half of the roadway
on London "and Paris streets, near
China avenue,' were' removed by the
property owners. One individual had
fenced in half of the roadway of Fel
ton street frotn Yale to'Oxford, a dis
tance of two blocks, but he obeyed the
removal order with alacrity.
Notice was also served on Lovell
White to remove the fences on Charter
Oak avenue at Thornton and Silver
avenues, the entire width of the street
being utilized as a vegetable garden.
If the fences are not removed at cmee
they \i 111 be torn down by the Board of
Works.
The Board of Public Works, through
Commissioner Woodward, yesterday
caused the removal of a number of
fences which have been obstructing
certain public streets for many years
in the University Mound and other out
lying districts.
Several property owners in defiance
of all legal right took it upon them
selves to fence in about half of the
roadway in front of their own prop
erty and then rented the increased area
to vegetable growers and flower pro
ducers. Peremptory notices were
served on these owners to take the
fences down, or the Board of Works
would have its own men carry out the
order.
"Why," said Wilson, turning to
Chief of Police Wittman, "we have
wide open gambling here and wide
open brothels and the town is going
to the bad on those lines. Let us be
gin to suppress the big deviltries. We
have too much law now and I don't
believe in it I am pleading for the
right of free discussion, but not for
any particular class."
"This proposed ordinance," said J.
J. Paulsell, "violates the constitution
relative to the free exercise of relig
ious worship, the right to the liberty
of speech and the right of citizens to
assemble in public places. This
board has the power to control and
regulate, but not to prohibit."
A. Wood of the Salvation Army
made a plea for street meetings and
referred to a decision of Lord Chief
Justice Coleridge that the streets
could be used for public gatherings.
Chief Wittman argued in favor of
the ordinance as a good police regu
lation. Supervisor Brandensteln took
exception to a remark made by one of
the speakers that the votes of the Su
pervisors on the ordinance would be
watched by the labor people. Bran
denstein branded the remark as an in
sult to the members of the board, who.
he. said, were above any such insinu
ation.
The committee recommended the
passage of an ordinance making it un
lawful to, conduct any business in a
building connected with any j place
used for Immoral purposes.
The Joint Committee on Judiciary
and Fire postponed action on the pro
posed ordinance providing for a free
and unobstructed passageway to exits
for fire escapes on buildings. . Fire
Marshal Towe submitted : a diagram
providing for fire escapes on t the-sides
of buildings. The committee decided
to meet on Friday, March 18,. at 1
p. m., to consider all legislation de
signed to insure the safety of theaters
and other buildings.
The joint Supervisors' Committee
on Judiciary and Police yesterday took
under advisement the proposed or
dinance prescribing a district within
which it is prohibited to hold meet
ings on the public streets, which had
been submitted by the Police Depart
ment.
Rev. Dr. Edwards, representing the
Federation " of Missions, said that the
ordinance would prevent meetings of
the Salvation Army and the va/lous
missions. Edwards objected to a pro
hibitive ordinance on the subject.
|tev. J. A. B. Wilson, representing
several branches of the Protestant de
nomination protested against the or
dinance in the name of 100,000 con
stituents. Wilson thought any one
should be allowed to speak on the
streets, which he designated as the
poor man's "temple of liberty." He
further protested against shutting out
the people who desired to discuss la
bor or other questions. Wilson said
it was not wise to load the Police De
partment with petty ordinances when
there were graver matters requiring
its attention.
"Under this section," said the
Mayor, "there is at present a vacancy
in the office of City Engineer which
the Board of Public Works is at lib
erty to fill at once. Several names
are under consideration by the board,
but no selection has been made as
yet."
President Schmitz of the Board of
Works stated that *Grunsky*s successor
•would be chosen in a few days, but
declined to give out the names of any
that had reasonable chances of ap
pointment to the place.
City Engineer C. E. Grunsky yes
terdaypresented his resignation to the
Board of Public Works. The resigna
tion was brief and conveyed the in
formation that Grunsky had received
telegraphic advices that his appoint
ment by President Roosevelt as an
Isthmian Canal Commissioner had
been confirmed by the United States
Senate. Grunsky asked that his resig
nation take effect at the pleasure of
the board, but preferably on March
8, 1S04.
The resignation was handed to
President Schmitz of the Board of
Works, who at once notified his
brother, Maj-or Schmitz, of Grunsky's
decision to give up municipal office.
The Mayor considers that Grunsky
has vacated the position of CItv En
gineer under section 4 of "Miscel
laneous" of the city charter, which
provides as follows:
Section 4 — Any perron holding- a salaried of
fice under the city and county, whether by
election or appointment, who shall, during his
term of office, hold or retain any other salaried
office under the Government of the United
Btate?. or of this Ftate, or- who shall held any
othfr (salaried office connected with the prov
cramfnt of the city and county, or who shall
l*romi" a member of the Legislature, shall be
deemed to have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the city and county.
Police Officer Peter S. Chappelle filed
a petition for a writ of mandate yester
day directing Auditor Harry Baehr to
turn over to him his warrant . for his
salary for the month of January, 1904.
He says Baehr refuses to give him the
document. Judge Hunt, to whose court
the ' case was. assigned by ' Presiding
Judge Kerrigan," issued an alternative
writ, returnable before him March 18,
when Baehr's reasons for withholding
the warrant will be heard.
Policeman Wants His Salary.
Works Board Waging Cam
paign Against Obstructors
of Public Thoroughfares
Gninsky Beceives Notice
That Senate Confirms Him
as a .Canal Commissioner
Supervisors' Committee Con
siders Proposed Ordinance
for the Prohibited District
CITY ENGINEER
RESIGNS OFFICE
MOVES FENCES
FROM STREETS
MAY RESTRICT
STREET CROWDS
fense, and was folldwed by Attorney
Alford. Alford made one of his char
acteristic strong pleas for an acquittal
and exhaustively went over the testi
mony. He dwelt upon Feld's appear
ance and said that he did not look a
murderer. He endeavored to pick to
pieces the testimony of the eye-wit
nesses to the shooting and accused
them of perjury. Mr. Alford concluded
with the statement that he had done
the best he could for his client, but did
not have any witnesses.
District Attorney Lewis F. Byington
then closed for the people. During the
course of his remarks he took occasion
to look Feld in the, eye and, pointing his
finger at him," say: If there was ever a
crime committed in this community
that appeals to law-abiding citizens for
punishment it Is the crime for which
this defendant is before you to-day."
The jury was composed of the follow
ing citizens:
H. T. Bray. James S. Bailer. Martin Keat
ing Joseph Michael. F. M. Rust. J. Stamper.
II. Schroder. Alexander Thaln. C. P. Wrtrht.
S. Jacobs E. W. Kersruson and Henry Brune.
provide for their eight children. Mrs.
Elkua is named as executrix of the
will.
Deputy District Attorney Whiting
then 'opened for the prosecution. He
reviewed the testimony and pointed out
the Inconsistency of the defense. Judge
J. A. Spinetti then opened for the de-
The trial was resumed at 10 o'clock
yesterday morning, and the defense
placed Emil Feld, a brother of the de
fendant, on the stand to corroborate
the testimony given by Patrolman Neil
Riordan the preceding day relative to
the visit to the Dirking house after the
shooting. The defense then rested, and
District Attorney Byington then of
fered to place George F. Kelly, Walter
Kelly and Detective Gibson on the
stand in rebuttal of the testimony given
by J. Bouse that the rear door bore no
evidence o£ having been kicked. An
objection by the defense to the intro
duction of the testimony was sustained.
Detective E. L. Gibson was then
called by the prosecution and testified
that on the front door of the Dirking
residence were marks that had the' ap
pearance of having .been made with a
"jimmy" similar to the one introduced
at the trial.
Mrs. Quarles next testified that Feld
had said In her presence that "he would
fill his wife- full of lead and buy her a
lot in the cemetery."
PLEADS FOR ACQUITTAL.
"When the case was submitted to the
jury, shortly before 5 o'clock, Feld's
mother was completely prostrated and
had to be assisted from the courtroom.
When the jury returned with its ver
dict Mrs. Feld was unable to be present.
MOTHER IE PROSTRATED.
"If Joseph Feld's little girl. Violet,
were In the courtroom now she would
no doubt^Hmb up on his knee, extend
ing both her chubby arms and say
'papa.' "
This reference to his child affected
Feld, and for the first time during the
course of the trial he manifested some
feeling by giving vent to tears. His
aged mother, who has been at his side
continuously, bore up bravely until the
beginning of the arguments, and then
sobbed pitifully on her son's shoulder.
Joseph Feld must die on the sallows
for the murder of his father-in-law,
Fritz Dlrklnff, on the night of Novem
ber 2, , 1903. After deliberating about
half an hour the jury brought In a ver-«
diet to that effect at 5:30 o'clock last
evening. The verdict came as a great
shock to Feld, and he broke down com
pletely. When being taken from the
courtroom he cried and said, "What
will my poor mother do?"
The last day of the trial was taken
up principally with the arguments of
counsel for the people and the defense.
During the course of Judge Spinettl's
forceful statement to the jury In behalf
of the defendant he said:
VERDICT THAT FIXES
JOSEPH FELD'S FATE
We, the jury, find the defend
ant entity of murder In the first
dejjree,
E. W.| FERGUSON,
Foreman.
The Montana court has fined Heinie
and his associates $2000 each, and has
sentenced them to-be imprisoned until
the fine shall have been paid and until
they shall have obeyed the order of
the court. .They were released from
custody pending the appeal.
The conclusion we reach is that the JudK
ment of contempt, of court which the appellants
eeek to have reviewed upon tHe present writ
of error Is a Judgment in a civil proceeding;
that it is remedial and coercive in its execu
tion and that it has been entered by the court
for the purpose of enforcing the private rights
of the complainant, judicially determined In
its favor, and that the appellants are subject
to its terms and conditions. It follows that
It t» a Judgment that cannot be reviewed upon
this writ of error and the writ of error is
therefore dismissed at appellants' costs.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals yesterday dismissed the appeal
of F. Augustus Helnze, Joslah H..Tre
rise and Alfred FYank, found guilty by
the United States Circuit Court for
the District of Montana of contempt
for having violated an order permit
ting: the. inspection and survey by the
Butte and Boston Consolidated Mining
Company of certain underground work
ings from the Rarus, Johnstown and
Pennsylvania claims beneath the sur
face of the Michael Devlft claim owned
by the Butte and Boston Company.
It was contended that the court had
no Jurisdiction to review the judgment
of the Circuit Court in this case.
Judges Gilbert, Ross and Morrow, be
fore whom, the matter was argued,
handed down an opinion yesterday ad
verse to the appellants. In quoting
from the contempt case of Devitt the
court says:
They carry th« keys of their prison la their
own pockets. Courts are established to de
termine the rlsbts and remedies of litigants
by peaceable discussions under the law Instead
o? by the wages of battle. They are not In
fallible, but no better method of determining
adverse claims has yet been devised.
. No constitutional right Is denied to the ap
pellants In \ this case. They are not required
to furnish evidence against themselves. They
arc slniDly to unbar their doors, stand and
allow the representatives of the complainant
to ascertain whether In the depths below the
surface of their own property the defendant
in the suit in which this controversy has
ailaen is not engaged in extracting and carry
ing away the wealth of the property. The
complainant Is simply asking to be allowed
to protect Its own property and rights and It
would be a miserable failure of justice If the
court has not the power to enforce obedience
to its orders in such a proceeding'.
The Court below In Its Judgment of contempt
found j as a fact that Helnze, Frank and
Trtrise had. full knowledge and notice of the
order of Inspection and Its terms, and during
all the times mentioned In the order they were
able to comply with its terms.
Murderer,Upon Hearing His
Fate, Loses Self -Control
and Is Led Away in Tears
+— , _ *
BREAKS DOWN IN COURT
Prison Doors Will Close
Upon the Millionaire If
He Persists in Defiance
NO "ESCAPING THE FINE
Circuit Court of Appeals
Decides He Must Permit
Inspection of His Mines
Jury Decrees Ex-Policeman
ilust Pay Death Penalty
for Killing of Dirking
CONDEMNS FELD
TO BE HANGED
HEINZE LOSES
IN HIS BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,, MARCH .5, i 190^.
16
f ;V r : MABKS BROS. ;
BRILLIANT DISPLAY OF EASTER RIBBONS
iviorlis tiros© ssss^,
TAFFETA RIBBON, 2 l /z inches I I LOU/SINE RIBBON, cord edge, I
wide; at.. Q 1 q " 4 inches wide. 20c quality, JQq
m , at
SATIN TAFFETA WASH RIB- I . I IMPORTED STRIPED and I ,
BON, 4 inches wide. 25c 10} ' c DRESDEN WASH RIBBON. 20 C I
quality, at... t ..:. ....... iiZ^Ll 35c quality, at.... ¦ |
$3.00 JAILOR MADE. RUN- | 5Qc f|f th Avej|UC | OXFORD and VESTING
ABOUT SKIRTS, for to- Bows at 35c • WAISTS that formerly
day only LACE or EMBR01D- sold for $1.50, $2 and
___- ERED OVERCOLLAR. $3; very spe- . ,
I A* #1 ntz Sold elsewhere for 50c. cial for to-day 7/7.
At $l.yO \ \ Our price, 3~C. \ onl/t at: | /JC
ANOTHER BIG KNIT UNDERWEAR SALE
SUITS, low neck, sleeve /ms> knee hngth; colors pink, blue,
less, knee length, lace trimmed. white and black.
A* 7 Or. WOMEN'S UNION SUITS. A 4 $1 nn WOMEN'S UNION
Hi /OC medium weight, full Hl^l.AU SUITS, lisle and wool
length, Oneita style, gray or ecru. mixed; colors white or gray.
35c FRENCH LISLE VESTS, long or half sleeves, low neck, pants to I nc n
match, of :.... . '. ": . . , l ZJg
1904 STYLES IN VEILINGS
FLOWING MESH VEILS.?—-] ,M ALINE. PUFFS in all col- I I
1% yards long, dotted \50c ors. large chenille dots. 25 C
body and border, at. ... I I SOc vaue, at........ I
II AHCQ I I Our dis P la y of IMPORT .LACES for Dress Trimmings
rLAULu . j i s m ost complete. Our prices are within reach of all.
THE HOSIERY BARGAINS OF THE SEASON
£1 WOMEN'S COTTON HOSE, ** WOMEN'S LISLE LACE ALL-
12 oC fast black, double heel and toe. liJC OVER HOSE, formerly sold for
~T Sold elsewhere for 20c. -. 23c; special to-day, 19c.
*l CHILDREN'S BICYCLE RIB- . _ WOMEN'S GAUZE LISLE
17 C BED HOSE, double heel, toe and ZOC HOSE, double sole, heel and toe.
.. £ knee; cheap at 23c; our price 17c - ' A splendid 35c quality.
DAINTIEST BELT YOU EVER SAW AT 25c
CRUSHED LEATHER BELTS in all colors in the 1904 styles. 45c I I
i'*?; quality. Special to-day at ...... .;•.'. :.hV. ..'.'.:....'."'...'.-.'. .... | ZOC \
HALE'S I * • HALE'S.
Good Goods Make Hale's a Busy Place
Sale White Waists
Bright, new, winsome styles.
S6me of the prettiest only came in Thursday. Several styles
in them alone, and for a stirring sale we marked them 95c.
_ I But let's start at the beeinnine. — , -r^
pr £ Hrf-» Many styles in whitc and black-and- 1^8 H/^
jlFfl^ white at 50c. Every one unusual. kJ^\J\^
At 65c are some madras waists in Jj -
'white and colors. We never saw such 1
material in waists before under $1.00, and few then.
At 75c are any number of white lawns, black-and-white lawns and
blue-and-white. . ~ _*'
The 95c ones come in too for extra attention. Some of them have
beautiful "insertion fronts, some with the.new Mexican-drawn work in-
sertion Then there are a few natural color linen ones, tucked. 0.3c.
Note Especially the $1.25 Ones
Note their beauty, their style. Here's one with embroidered rines.
fine tucks and lace insertion. Others with Mexican drawn work inser-
tion and one with a deep lace yoke and lace in the sleeves.
I S l OC^ g ?> Hen's 75c . »i <*£
To Bur, To-Day Work Shirts 50c I f I S
Boys and girls at I2y 2 c. ,^ ======^_ =^ ==== _ = - a n d .
-Women's fancy ones at 15c. white striped drill; extra well
Hale's is the stocking: store. 'made. We don't know of a bet-
Three telling proofs of it to- 9SS^S^SSS^&
day. / and backs, each seam felled;
ia^c Boys' and girls' stockings, full in the body; strongly
those black seamless ones. stitched; every size. 50c.
wide or narrow ribbed, heavy -. • ». ,. eu:-*. cr\
weight; sizes 6 to 10. Dozen Men's Negligee Shirts SOc
for $1.38. The best of the kind we have had.
20c pair, boys'. -.or girls, three They have soft co n ars attached:
styles; lieht, medium and made of fme quality, of colored
heavy wemht; fine, medium or satccns and twUIs in pretty red.
bicycle ribbed, solid black; bIue and b i ack str j pe3 .
real lone and look well all the
time. Dozen for $2.25. —m—^^—————
15c Women's fancy stockings: 77; — ; E v'e r y
black boots with pink. blue. 1 OC Z5ale dav arti-
i, red and lavender tops: Riche- t\ •* . A *.• « cles every
lieu ribbed; also plain black I Ollet AttlCleS one needs
with colored silk embroidery . an^ t n a t
on the instep; sizes 8^3 to 10. many will be surprised to find so
Dozen $1.65. inexpensive.
m^^ mm^ m ¦ ' :—^^— Large box powdered borax, ioc.
J5 il iITi j Bradley's tooth powder, ioc.
rrenCll Mixed Box 3 cakes toilet soap. ioc. .
Chocolate Creams 25c ? ox fac ? powder, ioc.
. Large piece chamois skin. ioc.
Also hand-made bonbons. Box violet talcum powder, ioc.
Hand-made chocolate creams Wood-back hand brush, ioc.
and chewine chocolates are 25c Large ribbon *dressine comb. ioc.
lb., too. - Whisk brooms, ioc.
It's the best candv news in a Large box packing camphor, ioc.
long while. Cake shaving soan. ioc.
Not only pay less, but get more
than you &y Rum
*~ij*^ Larpe bottle and double distilled
iSSii m¥ j&B%&^*m quality. Less to-day than It has been
A good quality and a large bar.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' >ff : fiVJ
SUITS THAT WASH—guaranteed abso-
lutely fast color. If they fade bring them back
and get another.
These suits are made in the most popular
styles and materials.
Russian Blouse Wash Sailor Wash Suits —
Suits — Made up with Eton or 3 to 12 years; made of Mad-
Sailor collars; 2J£ to 7 years; ras, white duck, piques,
in washable silks, mercerised* Marseilles, chambrays and
linens, imported chambrays, ij nM1 e
Bedford cords.Madrasc,oth, >»«»•
75c to $9 50c to $4
MILL TO TWAIN
S16'5IS MA1KET SInontcomery : :
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
SATURDAT— MOHDAT — TUESDAY.
EGGS. Best selected doz. 2Oc
Good Fresh Eggs, 2 doz. 35c.
BUTTER. Extra choice. 3 sq. $1.OO
Good Dairy Butter, square 30c.
SUGAR. Best cane 20 lbs $1.OO
(With grocery order.)
FLOUR. Port Costa sk $1.25
(Including beautiful calendar.)
CORN. Sweet, tender can 10c
ROLLED OATS. Best.. o lbs 23c
SAGO or TAPIOCA..... 7 lbs 25c
COCOA. Lowney's. Reg. 25c.2Oc
CREAM. Poppy brand.. 3 cans 25c
C.O.D. GROCERY CO. me.
JOHN ROBTXSOX. President.
313 OTarrell St, Near Mason
Tele-pious Poliom 313. ¦-.,..
Dollar _ {
« /A Tead 8
Preminffl/.llcoffeesi
Free " " spicee I
i*uc u Cents Baking |
with Each xtr n^ u n j H
n . worth powder |]
I j^^Thcy are Bcautica q ll
ijjp A thousand kinds /g |
*||f to Select from. *^§|B
W It Pays to P| ,
1 1- Trade at . J |
Great American Importing Tea Co's 1
C* Stores I
981 Ulrica* SlOGnmtmr. 1419 Polk M
l*0 8irth 1819 Dvfindexo T» LarUn H
175Ha!ght $006 Sixteenth 355 Hayw |
3236 Mission 621 Mont»'y ar». KMork.t
2008 PiUmor* Ids MJs«i«n 1W Ninth I
806 Third 2732 Mth 469 Fourth E
/ / 1 \ t^m»Mi
| TURBIME|
3 A CLUETT COLLAR |
Id QUARTER EACH. QUARTER SIZC8 g|
Ifl CLUETT, PEA8ODY <t CO. §j I
I MAXtM Or CLUCTT AND MONAftSM I HI UTS I
rivisiT DR. JORDAN'S great d
OF ANATOMY^
\ OF The Lareest Amatomical Museum la the \
V aaSvkiak World. WcaktniM or aay contracted A)
.V {Cjafl diKM *»«t<l»«-l7 «»!¦•<« by the old.it I.
O fisfSl 5p«a»'»«oa theCoui Eic.j6ye.axi. ©
A d&Xfg DR. J0R3AH-DISEASE3 OF MEN A
A ¥ Camulution free and itrictfy private. \
0 i XS*C R Treatment per»on»lly it by Inter. A A
( I V (IV f—ttt— Cur* in eT«:y one undena* en. T
a t" II ltd w,ite fc. Book. rniL««apav.r A
V • A ¦ II • aAIIBl.tGk., MAILED VKKM. (AY
X Q (I TmiuaSle beak far mra > \
V OH. JUCDaX 4 CO..1C91 Market St. 8. F. V
Always .Remember the EdQJIfme
B axaliye Mroiao
CarcSaCold in One Day. Cnpin 2 Days
AS fyLJ* onevery
X
ADVEBTISETVrETnS.
The "Peewee" Derby.
TH : EXTREME SPB1H6 BLOCK.
The greatest hat novelty ever in-
troduced. Produced by us simultane-
ously with New York. The. Craze of
Broadway.
PRICE $2J£
To be had only at
LLJNDSTRGM'S
1458 Market Street
Opp. Central Theater
And 60S Kearny Street.
TACITIC COAST HAT WOEKS,
MAKEKS.