The Sunday Call Magazinehow at Vienna, at Scheptowka and at
Breslau Boris had -been used as an in
strument for assassination by Olga
Palitzln. He recounted his own and
Laura's narrow escape at Boulogne,
and he supplied the reason for the two
attempts that had been made that day.
"I have no doubt," h» concluded,
"that In the note which you received
before dinner the grounds were sug
gested 4s a convenient place for you
to deliver the bogus message?"
The tears were running down Du
browski's cheeks, and he could only
nod.
"How can I atone for all this— I. a
loyal soldier, who love my Emperor?"
he groaned, when he had recovered a
little. "How can I atone to you and
Miss Metcalf, who have risked so much
for me?"
"By placing yourself entirely in my
hands, and helping me to cause these
desperadoes to be wiped out," replied
Fortescue earnestly. "After to-day's
experience I will not permit Miss Met
calf to be subjected to this peril for a
day longer than necessary. Your
party leaves for Paris in a few days,
and I propose to end the affair In
France for several reasons. In the
meanwhile, I shall see that. Miss Met
calf is efficiently safeguarded."
"I am entirely at your disposal, mon
sieur," said Dubrowski humbly.
"Then all I ask at present is si
lence," Fortescue replied, as he went
to open." the door. "I will gee you
alone before you return to Balmoral
to-morrow." •
Late that night, or rather at two in
the morning, Fortescue tossed the
"What motive could Olga Palitzln have
in Inspiring Dubrowski to make this
late apology for his rudeness, and to
prefer a request for secrecy on grounds
which she must have been aware
would not weigh -for an instant with
either himself or- Laura. The circumr
stances under which she had been seen
by both of them in Delaval's company
flatly~*contradlcted the insinuation that
she had been "deceived." ' The state
ment might be good enough to hood
wink Dubrowski for some purpose, but
the Princess was too clever to thlnlc
that It would serve those whom she and
Delaval had come near to killing in the
Rue St. Pol. •
."Your own apology, I am sure, will
be accepted, monsieur, in the spirit in
which it is offered,'.: , replied Fortescue.
"As for the message you have deliv
ered, you will ; pardon my aaklng
whether you have been charged with It
quite 'recently?! 1 ;\ '. '
They had reached the end of, the
lawn furthest from the house, and as
he put the question the attache came
to a [halt with his back to the thick
undergrowth that aLirted the ": park
fence. Far away beyond the" moonlit
greensward the windows' of the bll
llard-robm 4 glowed, brilliantly," and' the
clack" of the. balls Vcouldv be' distinctly
heard. Boris also wheeled round to a'
standstill, facing Forttescue and the
shrubbery* behind as he answered 'the
question. ¦ ¦.•¦', f y v l :..,-'-'*¦'•- i : -'''u-,_
"Th'e request reached ; me only ; this
evening-— as we went'to dine," he said."
"Possibly, monsieur, you observed that
I was disturbed in my mind. For many
days I had not heard of my friend, and
am going to let this old assassin run
loose a little longer till we get him on
a more congenial soil." He spoke in
pood English, merely altering his voice,
knowing that Dubrowski was ignorant
of the language.;
Fortescue nodded assent, and passing
his arm through that of his
would-be preserver drew him , away,
catching as he did so. a glimpse of the
baffled assassin on his back among the
ferns,*- hel^ -down by two of Volborth's
men. Dubrowski seemed unable to
comprehend. As they moved away he
blurted out:
"Thank God, monsieur, you are safe.
I did my best, but your fellow-country
man*, who is, I presume, a police offi
cer, was before me. Why should any
one want to kill you, who are so ami
able? Is It that the man was a
poacher?"
"I thank you for the attempt to save
my life, Captain Dubrowski," said
Fortescue, with acurtness .that .was
perplexing. "The ; man was not a
poacher. He Is a Russian." ¦,
"Ah! then I have it," cried Boris with
an access of loyal' rage. : "He is of the
vile scunTof those Nihilists. He 'must
have mistaken you for my beloved Em
peror,'to whom^you bear a so striking
resemblance." ' *
.They ..walked some. way. ..over :" the
grass lii silence, v
"No, -it is not' that." said ¦• Fortescue
in the same short tone. "Come in here,
DubrowBkl; . there Is something that
you must hear." v';*' : -.- ; -:. '
They, had reached" the .broad gravel
walk that skirted the house, but in
stead of making for the bllilard-room
omission of; Ma Hiie C* not sound like
friendship exactly. It had more of the
ring of superiority, or— could It be pos
sible toward an officer of the Imperial
Guards? — of contempt.
"Do you know that that attempt on
my life was engineered directly by
your agency?" said Fortescue, watch
ing every muscle of the other's face.
"Monsieur!" exclaimed Dubrowski.
clapping his hand to that part of his
dress-suit where a sword would have
been If he had worn a uniform.
VI see that you do not know it any
more than" you know many things
which concern your liberty and your
life." proceeded Fortescue sternly.
"Do me the favor \o examine these
two documents— one by the light of the
other. They will go far to convince
you. The larger, as you see, is the key
to a cipher. The smaller is a draft
telegram written in that cipher. I
have added a translation at foot, but I
should prefer you to verify It for your
self." And sweeping Lady Metcairs
garden gauntlets from the table, he
•spread out a copy of the cipher code
received from Melton, and the , original
of the telegram to Serjov from Olga
Falltzin announcing that "Boris Du
browski was under suspicion and was
to be discarded useless."
"I see that you recognize the hand
writing, - monsieur," | said Fortescue
quietly/* r as' the aide-de-camp went
ashy gray\..cn .reading the translation.
Then for. five" minutes, as Dubrow;ski
bent over the table and laboriously
compared the telegram with the code,
letter for letter, there was silence in the
room. Fortescue walked about, exam-
IX two weeks from to-day
The Sunday Call will print
• the first installment of
VThe Fugitive," by Ezra S.
Brudno, a brand new novel
which made its first appear
ance in any form on February
15 last, since which time it
has created such a furor that
booksellers all over the coun
try declare it will have a big
ger circulation this year
than any novel of recent
years, and this prophecy is
built upon the advance or
ders that have already been
icceived.
Perhaps its chief strength
lies in the fact that it is not
only a new theme handled
with wondrous power, but is
said to be a biography of the
author's own life. The world
is clamoring more than ever
for what men actually know
and not what they merely
imagine. and every page of
"The Fugitive" breathes the
spirit of actual knowledge,
which doubles the thrilling
interest of the remarkable
storv itself.
. Though it will 1)C publish
ed complete in five editions
of The Snnday Call, the book
Itself is in thivc pails. Book
I, Litliriania;Book II.South
ern Russia: Book III. New
York.
• Once ajrain. The Sunday
Call, following its liberal
;m<l advanced literary policy,
\viH jriv-p its readers a new
"SI 50 book for onlv 25 cents.
CO p" rlpM t>y Dod4. M<*a«l & Co. All rlghti
.reeeiArd.)
JAMES METCALF'S ancient
lineape placed him above sus
picion of snobbery, but he had
the true Highland hospitality,
a-r.'i rordlally assented without a sec
hVj thought. He vanished in the <li
r^<'tfon of the Ftablrs without even
\yu;?ing to be introduced to his new
g-uesl.
• Thr interval had Riven lima time to
Efc-t herself well under control, and
guesting from a knowledge of her im
jiorial rr.istress" ways that Boris had
not been informed of the nature of his
rnicslon did the best thins possible.
S.he bec\on?d him to her a:;d put the
Tsarina's loiter into his hand, simply
caving, in French:
"Lady Metcalf is good enough to
JTn* room."
FcTteseue, while sympathizing with
the .awkward position in which lima
was placed, was amused as well as in
terested in the little comedy, that was
Going forward, and he Ftudied'Boris as
he read. The young officer's face was
very Gruve till he came to the end,
then he handed the letter back w:th i
courteous smile, and a request to be
Introduced to Lndy Metcalf.
"There 1e good Fluff in tl.e lad yet,
tvhlch fhowr now that the evil influence
has slackened," was the attache's men
trf*. comment; and. though he knew It
not. there was at that moment born In
his brain the nerm of an idea that was
to mark the difference between life and
death to come.
The two princ.'pals having so com
ported themselves cs to save a contre
temps, everything on the surface went
smoothly. Boris was introduced right
nnd left, and made much of, while lima
gallantly played her part of being
quietly pleased at his arrival. Luckily
for her the people staying at Blalrgel
die were of the class who hold that
iovw-Hke behavior in a betrothed
couple is bad form, and the last thing
that was expected of her was to
monopolize Boris. The most difficult
moment was when Laura made her ap
pearance, and Ehowed undisguised as
tonishment; but Fortescue was at
hand, and leading her aside quickly ex
plained the position. On which the
daughter of the house wer.t up, and,
cm the . Etrcngth of their previous
strange meeting at Breslau. welcomed
th« new gurst as though the scene in
the ctreet had never been. The bronze
on the young Russian's check deep
ened a little an they ehook hands,
showing that the incident was not for
gotten, but the keynote for all-roand
civility had been struck and it -pre
vailed.
At the earliest opportunity Laura and
Fortcccue strolled away together, and
the confirmed Volborth's account of
vhat had befallen her. Amid the fa
miliar flowers and shrubs of the old
Scotch garden, with the gray walls of
licr childhood's home in the back
cround, the girl was not c»sy to p«r
cuade of her danger, nnd Fortescue had
to ppeak rather more- plainly than he
had Intended. She . wasn't going to
"funk" before a lot of ckulkers who had
bolted from one man's pistol at Bou
logne, she' protected; and It was only
when he pointed out that the flight of
the Nihilists on that occasion was not
due to cowardice, but to a desire to
paper into the hand held out for it be
low the level of the table.
"The same boy — Widow Ferguson's?"
asked Fortescue under his breath.
"No. sir— another one. unbeknown to
us," was the reply, and Meldrum was
gone.
Fortescue was too old in the world's
ways to examine the missive at once,
but presently, when Fitz Harding was
absorbing attention with a tiger story,
he unfolded It on his lap. It was from
Volborth, written in French to. this
effect:
"Take care. Olga knows that he is
at Blairgeldle. She has communicated
with him since 6 o'clock."
Thrusting the billet into his waistcoat
pocket he' was , in ; time ' to Join the
chorus of polite appreciation at the
c!ose r of the ex-Judge's narrative. It
was useless to speculate on the Princess
Palltzln's reason fpr resuming corre
spondence with' Dubrowski; all he could
do was to watch closely and await de
velopments, and these came sooner
than he expected.
The- men having rejoined the ladies
In the drawing-room a move was al
most immediately made by most of the
younger members of, the party to the
billiard-room. Finding that' there were
more j would-be players J in the pool
than there- "were balls, Fortescue, -as
almost a member of the family,; de
clined to take a cue; and settled' down
on the settee as a spectator.' Some one
—he knew very welPy«who it was,
though he was too wary; to turn his
head— promptly took a seat at his side.
As soon as the 'clatter and racket "of
the came were in full swing, he felt
browski's eyes open with a sndden
horror, his stalwart figure stiffen, and
in a moment the young Russian had
leaped forward toward the dark fringe
of shrubbery. • Turning on his heel,
Fortescue was In time to see a pair of
fierce eyes, the gleam of a knife, and
Dubrowski's hand outstretched to
grasp the lurking form of Weletski,
the graybeard Nihilist, who at that In
stant was seized from 'behind and
pulled back into the gloom of the
trees. There was the sound of a scuffle,
a stifled oath, and Volborth, still in his
German disguise, stepped out from the
bushes. '
"That should bo proof that you are
well looked after," he said. "Though
to do him justice the decoy would him
self have frustrated the crime he was
intended to bring about. You had bet
ter return to the house, Spencer, tor/1
a tap on his arm, and Boris said In, a
strangely fluttering voice:
"I wish a few words with you In pri
vate, monsieur— without risk of being
overheard— if your kindness will ac
cord them. I will not detain you long."
Ke made an unconscious gesture to
ward the French windows which, as
the night was warm, stood open, show
ing a vista of lawn and garden bathed
in moonlight that only failed in the
shadows of the dark shrubbery be
yond. Here, thought Fortescuo, was a
chance to learn where the next blow
was to be expected, and he rose at once
and led the way out, Boris following
and pacing at his side. It was not till
they were some distance from the win
dows that the, Russian spoke, slowly
and' haltingly, giving the Englishman
the impression that he was repeating
a lecson by rote.
'. "I wish through* you, monsieur," be
gan Dubrowski, "to tender an apology
to Miss Metcalf for the language
which I unfortunately used to her, and
before her, at Breslau. At the same
time I am requested by — by a friend,
to Implore her not to disclose the crime
attempted by the man Delaval at the
house of the Baroness von Lindberg.
My friend, who wrote that letter of In
troduction, was deceived in him, and
she— that is I->-would be ruined if it
came to the ears of the Russian po
lice." - • ,
Fortescue , was Intensely puzzled.
Fortescue said carelessly. "The only
point was how it got here — by a mes
senger from Ballater, I suppose?"
"Yes, sir; one of the Widow Fergu
son's lads brought it Just before the
first gong sounded," was the reply.
"Ah! thank you, Meldrum; that-ex
plains everything most satisfactorily,"
said Fortescue, and he returned to the
drawing-room devoutly wishing that
his last assertion had a little more bot
tom to It. What cc-uld this communi
cation be, he wondered, that had
wrought such a wondrous change in
Dubrowski's manner?"
The change endured throughout din
ner, growing, If anything, more
marked despite a palpable effort on the
part of Boris to throw it off. Lady
Metcalf had appropriated him to her
self, and he was clearly struggling to
seem Rmused by and to respond to her
platitudes, but though he may have de
ceived his amiable ho6tess, there were
at least two pairs of sharp eyef upon
him which noted his embarrassment
and preoccupation.
When the ladies had left the dining
room and Meldrum had arranged the
array of decanters, before Sir James,
the old butler slopped on his way. to
the door and stooped to whisper in
Fortescue's ear:
"I was to give you this, sir, without
any fuss. Brought to tne back door
half an hour ago by a boy." At the
same time he thrust a folded scrap of
preserve their leader for future mis
chief that she looked grave. Even then
ch* was not perlcus long.
"But there is the umqultous Herr
Wlnckei as a protector." ehe said.
•'And, by the way, what la Herr Win
dee!, and how la it he Is on Deeslde
now? I can put two and two together,
you know. It isn't coincidence."
"No more than my presence at Bres
lau wa3 a coincidence," replied Fortes
cue. "He is a secret service man, on a
mission for his Government connected
with the Tsar's tour, and he knows a
good deal. "Were It not for him, and
my confidence In his vigilance, I
sho-uld put the English police on to
Palltzln at once. I am not at all sure
that I shall not do so as it is."
"What! and have us all dragged into
the police court or the Old Bailey or
somewhere as witnesses, and most
likely set Uma's affairs made public
and Captain Dubrowski locked up Just
when he's- behaving so nicely!" cried
Laura breathlessly. "Indeed you
mustn't do anything: of the kind, Spen
cer. You're clever enougn to find a
better way than that, I know; and I
will promise to be careful and not go
about alone. And you will be careful,
too, de'ar, won't you — though after the
way you cleared them out at Boulogne
I am sure if you say 'Bo!' they'll all
run like mice."
With that he hud to be content, rec
ognizing that all he could say would
never make her really afraid after the
discomfiture she had witnessed. But
her persistence in holding the danger
so cheap confirmed his decision that,
Volborfh willing or not. matters would
have to be brought to a head before the
Russian party was
back at St. Peters
burg. There was the
Paris visit, followed
I iy a three weeks'
stay at Darmstadt, to
come yet, and he was
not going to have
Laura, subjected to
lurking perils during
the whole of that
period when a little
ingenuity on his part
might end the busi
ness, with credit-, to
Volborth and stecurity
to all concerned, at a
much earlier date.
The exact direction of
his Ingenuity; wag a
nut which he prom
ised himself to' crack
with the aid of tobac
co and solitude, and
that was a combina
tion which the ameni
ties of country-house
life would not permit
till he had retired for
the night.
The remainder of
the afternoon passed
uneventfully at Blair
geldle, with not so
much as a ripple to
tell of the undercur
rents below. Under
the Influence of Lady
Metcalf's specious at
tentions Boris Du
browski began - to
make himself quite
at home. He paid the
inevitable visit to the
ptableB with his host,
he was lionized by
tuch of the company
as could trust their
French and laughing
ly refused an Invita
tion to play tennis
in regulation overalls
and spurs. With
Laura he was the
least bit shy. but with
Fortescue. who seized
every opportunity of
cultivating him, he
was soon on the best
of terms. When the
first gun boomed from
the hall door the stal
wart young Russian
was as gay as any of
the house party that
trooped in to dress
for dinner.
And then a change came, swift and
mysterious, which Fortescue could not
understand. He had parted with Du
browski at the door of the bedroom as
signed to him, leaving him with a mu
tual jest and laugh to go to his own
room. Twenty minutes later he was In
the hall on his' way to the drawlns
room when he 8 •? Dubrowski .de
scending the stairs In civilian evening
dress, the dog-cart having returned.
But there was a greater alteration in
the aide-de-camp than that effected by
the change of clothes. His face waa
cold and set, and he replied to For
tcscue's offer to Guide him to the
drawing-room In as few words as were
compatible with the barest politeness.
In' the drawing-room, while making a
visible effort to appear at his ease, he
was plainly quite the reverse. Had he
not been a foreigner his silence and ab
straction would have excited general
remark. .
"What's the matter ?'\ whispered
Laura to her lover. "He looks as If he
is afraid there was going to be aspara
gus and didn't know how to eat it."
But Fortescue only smiled, and see
ing that there was likely to be a long
"wait" slipped out into the hall. Has
tening to the dining-room he button
holed the old butler.
• "Meldrum," he said, "has any mes
sage or note come for Captain Dubrow
ski, the Russian officer?"
•JHasn't he got it, sir?" replied the
butler sharply, - scenting ia breach of
duty among his subordinates. "I told
Charles to see that the bedroom maid
placed It on his dressing-table."
"Oh. yes, it reached him all right,"
It was somewhat of a shock to hear
that she was here In Scotland— that
she, and Indirectly I myself, were- so
menaced by the Third Section that she
had journeyed hither to secure Miss
Metcalf's silence— and yours."
", Fortescue's lips' curled as:he thought
.' how • Olga Palltzln's methods a of secur
ing silence 'differed from the one sug
gested In her wooden-headed dupe's
¦unaccountable mission. ; And ..' then,
strangely, by the action of that same
dupe, came the first inkling of what
this, his latest befoolment, meant. Be
fore-Fortescue could reply he saw Du-
windows he opened one a little farther
on belonging to a small room where
Lady Metcalf kept her garden tools
and flower seeds- Motioning Boris to
precede him h& followed In, shut the
window and drew down the . blind.
After turning. up-- the lamp; he faced
round and confronted his big compan
ion, who looked more than ever aston
ished.' There was a sudden masterful
ness In the Englishman's manner, and
a dropping of punctilio, as emphasized
by the "Dubrowski': tout court, that
the • Russian's . slow intelligence could
not grasp. The familiarity In the
ined th« ornaments en tb* mantel*
piece, and finally fen to studying ¦>
horticultural almanao on the walL
Presently a deep groan escaped the
man at the table, and he looked up.
"For the love of heaven, tell m«
everything." he said hoarsely.
And than, perceiving that this weak
vessel was to be as clay In his hands.
Fortescue changed his manner to one
of gentle sympathy, and kindly but
firmly poured a flood of daylight Into
Dubrowskl's souL He kept nothing
back from him except the fact of Vol
bortli being & police agent. Be showed
¦THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
2
BY A HAIR'S BREADTH• The fiber and staying-power of a
Cook^sT tourist eager to get value for
money is nothing to required by
the monarch of a friendly power "do-
Ing" a friendly capital. ' Though the
last day of the visit of "Le Grand Pe
tit Nicholas" to Paris' had arrived,
there remained the art treasures of the
Louvre, to be Inspected, the venerable
Rosa Bonheur to be interviewed, and
decorations to be sorted out .wholesale
to hungry Republican officials before a
start could be made for the crowning
ceremony at Thus It was
not till nearly 2 o'clock that the pro
cession of carriages, with its escort of
cuirassiers, filed away from the Rus
sian Embassy In the Rue de Grenelle.
At Sevres a halt was made to enable
the visitors to see the porcelain fac
tory, and here the absence of Vilborth
first excited remark. As usual it was
the police agent's bete noir. the Coun
tess Vassili, who dragged the fact from
the obscurity In which he had wished it
to remain. The suite were clustered to
gether at the door of the furnace-room,
while the Tsarina went through the
pantomime of starting one of the fires
with a decorated torch, and the old
lady passed the time In her favorite
amusement of "counting heads."
. "All here but Paul Volborth," she
whispered, nudging Boris Dubrowski,
who chanced 'to be standing next to
her. "As a social success that man's
days are numbered. Can you explain
how it is that he has more license than
any of the rest of us?"
lima, at her mother's elbow, heard
the question, and involuntarily her
eyes sought Dubrowski's face. For the
first time for weeks their glances met
with something akin to friendly sym
pathy, and though her eyes were In
stantly averted she awaited his reply
with eagerness.
"I am sure that none of us — that is,
very few of us— appreciate the import
ance of Volborth's worK," he said.
"There must be many things that he
has to do, and to— to discover, that we
can have no idea of."
The aide-de-camp had no trick of
easy speech, but, clumsily expressed as
was the double entendre, lima under
stood its meaning.
'¦" Volborth's connection with the Third
Section was, she knew, one of the few
points on which Fortescue had not en
lightened Boris. The latter had no
suspicion of the Identity of the mian
who had appeared so opportunely in
the grounds of Blalrgeldle when the
attache's life was threatened. But she
recognized with a flutter at her heart
that his reply to her mother was really
meant for her— as an admission that
her warnings at Vienna were accepted
at last. And it pleased her to think
that that acceptance' had- come spon
taneously without proof from outside —
that day of all days.
In the meanwhile Volborth was more
than Justifying Dubrowskl's opinion
that he was busily employed elsewhere.
So closely and cleverly had he In
vested the shop of the Veuve Grigot
with his spies, that every movement of
the t conspirators was known to him,
while they themselves remained In
ignorance* that their rendezvous had
been discovered. At an early hour, as
a result of a newspaper report, Serjov
had been traced to the Morgue, whence
he had returned Immediately to the Rue
EXPIATION.
CHAPTER XII.
She shook the papers playfully in his
face, then stood un tiptoe, and. drawing
down his head, whispered the names of
several personages well known In Rus
sian society.
"There, you foolish boy, that ought to
allay your suspicions," she laughed.
"They are not like poor me, under an
undeserved cloud, but they prefer to
share my incognito for the fun of the
adventure. And now tell me the ar
rangements, Boris— when the T*ar la to
arrive at Versailles, what he is to do
when he is there, and where is the best
score against that ruffian Delaval as it
is. but it would be unbearable if the
suspicion incurred by me on his behalf
debarred me from the pleasure of the
spectacle which I have come specially
to see. I only occupy this garret so as
to enjoy unmolested the delight of
viewing my beloved sovereign among
the splendors of Versailles."
"Well, you will have your whim,"
said Dubrowskl. "But once more let
me ask — you are quite sure of these
friends of yours V
KJdc, very much after the style of the
room in the Rue St. Pol at Boulogne.
"Yes," he said, "I have got the
passes, and In the names you gave me.
J do trust that you will be careful,
though. Olga— for my sake as well as
your own. It is a big risk to run
merely for a little sight-seeing— for an
officer . of the household to procure
passes In false names."
The Princess was eagerly scrutiniz
ing the slips of paper which had been
signed "Mohrenheim" by the Russian
Embassador and bore also the vise of
the Prefect of the Paris police.
"Have no fear; I will be discretion it
self." she paid gayly. "I have a long
passes?"
Dubrowskl flung open his cloak and
produced several slips of paper, which
he laid on the table. It was a Ions ta
ble, with chairs close together on either
floor of the dwelling-house. The Prin
cess Olga Palltzin, its sole occupant,
rose with outstretched hand.
"You good Boris," she said with a
little cooing laugh. "I knew that. I
could trust you to keep your word.
And has fortune favored your en
deavors? You have obtained the
a door opposite the landing. A silvery
voice bade him enter, and he found
himself in a tawdry apartment— larger
than might have been expected, since it
covered the shop as well as the lower
till the gleam of Pierre Grigofs bulls
eye lantern shone full in his face. The
dim outline of the ex-Communard's
hulking frame was Just visible, block
ing the narrow stairway.
For five seconds Pierre's ferocious
eyes glared In doubt, then his hideous
features broke Into a forbidding grin.
•Bon solr, monsieur," he gurgled, dof
fing a floury cap of rabbit's Ekin. "You
come not often, like some of them, and
nt first I did not recognize you. Pass
up. if you please; Madame waits."
•She is alone?" asked the visitor, and,
being answered in a leering affirmative,
he ascended the stairs and knocked at
On the south side of the Seine, in a
quiet street not a stone's throw from
the Boulevard Saint Germain, there is
a baker's shop which In. the early days
of October, 1896, prospered exceedingly.
Let us call the street the Rue Casse-
Tete, and assign the name of Griat—
Veuve Grigot — to the proprietress of
the shop. Neither of those appellations
is to be found in the directors, but this
will be the kinder course in view of
possible inquiry by the police into the
nature of the aforesaid prosperiiv.
On the face of things this took sliape
in an increase of the number of the
widow's customers. The street is fo
quiet, so shy and retiring in its habits,
that perhaps none of the neighbors
noticed it; but had they done so they
would have wondered at the frequency
with- which the half-glass door swung
to and fro admitting strangers who
were not of the Rue Casse-Tete. They,
the neighbors, devoured the Vruve
Grigofs moldy loaves, with maledic
tions, because they were cheap and
near. It would not have occurred to
them that the fame of the dingy bak
«>ry was such as to attract- outsiders
from other streets, least of all outsiders
in fur overcoats and shiny silk hats.
Not that the dwellers in the Rue
Casse-Tete would have had real cause
for wonderment on that head, for the
good widow made no addition to her
"bake" to meet an extra demand, and
the sudden influx of customers did not
even cause a diminution of her normal
stock. And, what was still more
strange, "these others," the new cus
tomers, though they undoubtedly went
into the shop, were not to be seen
coming out again — at least without an
unconscionable long wait — by those
who saw them enter. And all day long
and far into the night Pierre Grigot,
the widow's black-browed son, with
whose name rumor coupled wild do
ings In the far-off Commune days,
stood tuard at the foot of the stairs
beyond the inner door that separated
the shop from the house.
About the time of street-lamp light
ing, in the late afternoon of Tuesday,
the 7th of October, a tall man, envel
oped from head to heel in a military
cloak, but wearing a~ civilian hat well
pulled down over his eyes, entered the
shop, and, paying no heed the
frowsy old woman behind the counter,
walked straight through to the Inner
door. Opening and shutting. it behind
him, he was for a moment in darkness.
COUNTERPLOT.
CHAPTER XI
stump of his tenth cigarette into the
grate in his bedroom and produced his
writing: materials.
"That. I think, ought to fall into line
neatly," he muttered, "and It has the
advantage of leaving a loophole for
that poor beggar to crawl through."
The letter which he proceeded to
write was addressed to a firm in Pall
Mall, and ran as follows:
Dear elrs — I require « of chain mail
to fit under clothe* for a man 5 feet 9 Inches
in hHcht, chert measurement 30. - I will call
for it la three days' time. Faithfully yours.
SPENCEH FORTKSCUt:.
"You have stood my friend, whatever
be the result," he said warmly. Then,
as his host began to unlatch the door
for him, he added: "Forgive me for
wanting to be reassured again. In the
arrangements which you have made
with Restofski- for the arrest, you are
certain there is no danger to the Tsar?"
"Rest easy on that score," replied
Fortescue, patting him on the shoulder.
"At the eventful moment his Majesty
will be resting after the labors of the
day in the security of his apartments in
"Come, come, my friend, you must
have courage, and not depreciate your
self too much," Fortescue was begin
ning, when an interruption occurred in
a rat-tat on the outer door. Thrusting
a revolver which lay on the table into
the "pocket of his coat, he kept one
hand on the weapon, while with the
other he drew the latch and opened
ever so slightly. Then he flung the
door wide, exchanged a few words with
the messenger, who had brought a
bulVy parcel, and reshot the bolt.
"A needless precaution, as it hap
pened," he smiled. "If you will excuse
me I will carry this Into the other
room." And he disappeared with the
parcel Into the sleeping apartment, re
turning Immediately.
"And now, Dubrowskl, you have done
your part, and It remains only for you
to witness the result," he said. "What
I am doing, as you are aware, Is aimed
at putting an -end to Miss Metcalf 's
danger, but if you benefit Indirectly by
what happens no one. will be more
pleased than I."
There was a hint In Fortescue's voice
that his departure was desired, and Bo
ris adjusted his cloak and wrung the
attache's hand.V- ' ->->
Running up to the second floor, Du
browski knocked at the outer door of
one of severcl small suites, and was at
once admitted by Fortescue In person,
who for good reason had rented a com
fortably furnished sitting-room and
bedroom In preference to going to a
hotel. Ostensibly the mission ~ whlqh
had brought him to the French capital
was the same as that which had taken
him to Breslau. though if his business
was to watch the Tsar's reception with
official British eyes he performed his
task in a singular manner. Since his
arlval in Paris three days before, he
had not once left his apartments, his
meals being brought to him from a
neighboring restaurant by the con
cierge.
"Well, my friend, you have been to
ithe baker's shop? You have given
them the passes?" he said, proffering
bis cigarette-case. "That is well. And
you do not think that the Princess was
dissatisfied with your behavior? You
made it sufficiently cordial?"
"I am no play actor, but I did my
best," replied Boris stoutly. "I came
near to spoiling: it all, though, at the
end, when she spoke scornfully of lima.
False lover as I have been, it raised my
gorge to hear that pure name slighted
by those murderous lips." .
"I am glad to hear you say that,"
said Fortescue, "but I trust that you
concealed your feelings at the time,
Dubrowski. and did not scowl as you
are doing at the reminiscence?" The
familiarity of the Englishman's man
ner was now that of one friend for an
other, and lacked the contemptuous
tone which he had used at Blalrgeldie.
That the Russian understood in his
slow, heavy way. and was duly grate
ful for not being held by his new ally In
as great loathing as that in which he
held himself, was apparent in hl3 mel
ancholy smile.
"She did not notice: I was leaving
her when I felt like that," he replied.
"And she would only deem me sulky
because of her recent neglect. Thi^ Is
a new experience for Olga Palltzln. She
is too sure of her mastery over men to
fear rebellion from one whom she has
once held in thrall— especially from
such a blind fool as I."
"It is not fitting that you and I should
discuss Mademoiselle Vassili," he re
plied gravely. And without waiting to
hear the half-mocking retort which was
flung after him, he closed the door and
descended the stairs, guided only by a
stream of light from the 'lantern of the
villainous sentinel below. So. scarcely
returning Pierre Grigofs hoarse "Au
revoir, monsieur," he passed through
the shop into the quiet street.
But it was not to the Russian Em
bassy that he first turned his steps.
Crossing the river by the Pont des Arts
he passed the Louvre, and, plunging in
to the network of streets behind.- en
tered the courtyard of a highly respect
able apartment-house a few doors from
the Rue Marcel. As he disappeared
under the archway, a dark shadow
which had flitted in his wake all the
way from the Rue Casse-Tete hovered
for a n\oment on the pavement and
then made off with all haste to the
Russian Embassy.
"He Is not looking quite himself," as
sented Boris, and he proceeded with
much detail to catalogue the pro
gramme of the visit to Versailles on the
morrow, which was to be the closing
function of the Tsar's stay in Paris.
The Princess put to him many trifling
questions, as when she asked with a
merry laugh if the Emperor would wear
the grey overcoat which had become so
familiar to the Parisians in the last few
days. For this Dubrowskl would not
vouch, though he expressed the opinion
that it was probable. At length he rose*
to go. His demeanor now, as it had
been throughout the interview, and a
previous one that they had had. was
brusque, despite an obvious' struggle to
be civil. Doubtless Olga accounted for
this by the three weeks' break In her
correspondence with him.
"Farewell." he said. "I must return
to the Embassy, or I shall be missed."
"By the beautiful lima, eh?" the
Princess murmured with a heartless
laush. "How are things between you
now, my Boris? I had forgotten to ask."
He was bending over her hand, and
she must have noticed that his touch
was Icy cold.
spot to get a close sight of him and the
dear Empress? They tell me that his
Majesty is looking thin and worried."
"A ' prospective danger is not more
enjoyable than a present . one, when it
threatens the" woman you -love— you
must understand that, Volborth," he
said. "However,, you have' refused to
remove that danger by arresting these
people till it suits you; and, being in
honor bound, I could not go, behind
your back to have them" arrested In
"You need feel no alarm about Miss
Metcalf at present," he said. "All the
active agents of the gang are here in
Paris, and they are under close sur
veillance. The Palltzln herself, Anna
Tchigorln, Weletaki, Serjov, Krasno
vltch, and Delaval, are being watched
to and from the Rue Casse-Tete by
Restofskl and his men In conjunction
with the French police. When they
fall here, as they have failed before, It
will be time enough to : get nervous
about. Blairgeldle — and then' only .^f*
they succeed in scattering."
Fortescue made a wry face, and. re
plied with an impresslveness which
gained its object In being' remembered;
afterwards. • •-{'¦/:
"They probably know It -now that
they have had Dubrowskt's brains to
pump,l>repU«d ; Volbo>th..,«^'It was .ito
warn' -you on £hat account ; tif~f edouble
vigilance -that t I liaatehed hither. -I
wish you had not come to Paris. Spen
cer, on this quixotic errand; your pres
ence Increases my -anxieties tenfold."
For the excuse of a government "mis
sion" would not have sufficed _for Vol
borth. and Fortescue had accounted for
his trip to him by a wish to draw off
the Nihilists from Laura to himself. In
this he spoke the truth, though hardly
"the whole truth, and nothing but the
truth."
"Well. I am keeping pretty close," he
said. "And what is your theory as to
Olga's plans, Paul? What does her re
union with Dubrowskl portend, think
you?"
"Mischief, undoubtedly; though
whether they are flying at you or at
higher game. I have no evidence yet,"
was the reply. "Probably both." Vol
borth added after a pause, as though
he had decided to impart a • further
confidence. "For this. I may tell you.
relying on your secrecy. Dubrowski
has obtained passes In false names for
the entire gang to be admitted to the
park and terraces at Versailles to
morrow. His Majesty and the conspir
ators v.ill be so tightly hedged apart
that I do not apprehend any danger to
him; but I trust that you will not go
there, Spencer."
"As I have told you before. Paul, I
am not partial to being hunted," For
tescue replied; and "before Volborth
could press him for a more definite
statement of his intentions, ..he changed
the subject to his anxiety about Laura
"Metcalf. He had instructed an emi
nent firm of private detectives, to keep
an eye on Blalrgeldle, but he protested
that he wished he could be. as certain
that Laura would be as careful as he
should be himself. With , this and
much more on the same head he so
contrived to swamp the non-committal
answer as to his own intentions, that
Volborth. who was very sensitive at
any Insinuation of having . exposed
Laura to danger, hastened to -reassure
him. • '
"I was aware of that," came Vol
borth's startling assertion, which, how
ever, he qualified somewhat by adding:
"At least, that was a natural deduc
tion from his occupation this after
noon. He came straight to you from a
half-hour's call upon Olga Palltzln at
their Number 4 Centre."
Fortescue had fl'in^ himself upon a
couch, but at thift be raised himself
upon his '!bow. ."That is not very' com
fortable hearing," he said, putting what
he could of fear" into .the gaze with
which he regarded " his informant.
"How long are. you going to subject me
to the sensation of belnjx hunted, Paul?
I was hugging myself with the notion
that they had not discovered my ad
dress'in Paris." "'., \ •
As soon as the aide-de-camp had gone
Fortescue retired Into his bedroom and
Inspected, without unfastening, the
parcel which he had received. It was
rather bulky, and tied with stout
string, the knots of which he noted with
satisfaction were"sealed. —The , paper,
and general neatness of the package,
suggested a purchase from some high
class tradesman who was In the habit
of serving wealthy customers. After
measuring the parcel with his eye, For
tescue placed it in the. bottom drawer
of the chest and turned the key. There
was barely room for it.
"It will be safer there; for, if I •miss
take not, there will be sharp eyes about
directly," he said to himself. "That re
pentant youth is pretty certain to have
been shadowed from the Rue Casse-
Tete, and Volborth will be here hot
foot to learn the cause of his visit."
And in prompt confirmation of his
surmise, there came a tap at the outer
door; and using the same caution as be
fore, he admitted the chief agent, of the
section. He wore no disguise, and by
the gardenia in his button and jaunty
cane, looked for all the world as if he
had been idling away his afternoon on
the boulevards. Whereby he did him
self less than Justice, for that was far
from being the case.
"Dubrowskl has been hare?" he said,
after a brief salutation.
"Yes; sit down ar.d I will tell you
about it." replied Fortescue, adding
mentally: "I've got to dish you, Paul—
for your own good— without lying to
you, and it will take me all my time."
But aloud he proceeded: "Our Boris
was Inquiring, about my movements to
morrow — whether he was likely to see
me at Versailles."
the chateau— half a mile from the
scene. You, who know the preclseness
with which his programmes are ad
hered to, should be confident of that."
"And you' yourself— shall you be pres
ent at the taking of the arch-traitress
and her ganfetf" „
"I shall endeavor to be, but you must
not look for me with any . certainty,
since my position in the affair is unoffi
cial," said Fortescue. "Be at the spot
Indicated at the time agreed upon, and
you shall see .what you shall see." '
corner when something happened that
held him spell-bound. , Two tall forms
glided past, the shimmer of steel catch
ing his eye, and a moment later, as
they met Delaval, he heard the muffled
words In a rich Irish tongue —
"Traitor! That is for Boulogne."
And in another voice—
"And that for those whom you be
trayed at Antwerp." , . "
There followed a faint groan, and, un
able to contain himself, Fortescue
looked from his hiding-place and saw
his late pursuer limp and lifeless on the
pavement. The two men were return
ing on their own tracks, and Fortescue
would have drawn back, but perceiving
that he had been seen he waited in the
mouth of the entry not knowing what
to expect.
As the men came up the nearest
raised his hat and said
"We have saved you some inconveni
ence, sir, you will have noticed. It Is
not my business to be inquisitive about
his reasons, but that gentleman wanted
to give you what he has got himself.
Is it too much to expect that you will
repay us by abstaining from raising an
alarm?"
"I shall consider that I have seen
nothing, but I should advise you to
make yourselves scarce," replied For
tescue. "You have certainly relieved
me from a dilemma— not, I presume,
out of any affection to myself?"
' "We know nothing of you, sir, except
that any man who has incurred that
dead scoundrel's enmity is entitled to
our respect," replied the spokesman.
"This is the fruit of an unfortunate al
liance between purely Irish and Con
tinental politics. He preferred the in
terests of the wrong half, and betrayed
his .compatriots to the English police —
firstly, we believe, to save his own
skin; secondly, to further a plot by
which only aliens would benefit. You
have not witnessed a murder, sir,' but
an execution — by order of the Revolu
tionary Brotherhood."
Again he raised his hat theatrically,
and taking his companion's arm flitted
away into the gloom of the opposite by
street. Fortescue also made haste to
quit the dangerous neighborhood of the
heap on the pavement..
"What queer beggars these Fenians
are," he reflected as he presently turned
into the Rue Montmartre. "He. didn't
want me to split, but in case^I did he'
couldn't resist throwing in that adver
tisement of the 'I. R. B.' Well, this
shows that Melton's theory as to the
giving away of that cheap lot at
Boulogne and Antwerp was tolerably
accurate. And what is more to the
point, it leaves me one less to deal with
to-morrow."
It is unnecessary to describe the. tur
moil of Gallic ¦ hysteria and interna
tional sentiment that marked the visit
? of the Tsar and Tsarina to the Theatre
Francals on the night of October the
7th. The only part of the performance
. with which "we have to do is the point
when Mounet-Sully was gesticulating
wildly on the stage in front of the red
cloaked artists grouped around the
busts of Mollere, Racine and Corneille.
When the ecstacy of the. audience had
been raised to fever heat by the bare
faced adulations of, the odel which the
rhymester was .-hurling: at the Russian
monarch8. Fortescue slipped from his
fauteuil and made his way round to
the lobby at the back of the grand-tier
boxes. There he -found lima Vassili
awaiting him. >
. **I have only a moment, or ray moth
er, who is in there with Count'Woron
zoff and some of. .the others, will miss
me," she said, pqintlng'to the door of a
box. ¦ '..-_ ¦
, "A moment will-. suffice, for. I have
committed everything to writing, "-.re
plied Fortescue, : handing , her. a" sealed
envelope. ' "All I. 'ask is that you carry
out the Instructions to ¥ the letter.. You
are, sure ! of . your courage, ' mademoi
selle " 7 •¦.;•. :- *•.'¦, .L" •:*?¦•- ¦¦"".¦*-.;-; ¦ ¦-¦¦ • ' ¦"¦.-.''¦.•*
, "Is i Is not for i my. dear mistress, for
Laura, for you, monsieur, who have
beenTso kind, and "Just 'a little'for poor
Boris^that'l am to be brave?" ; she re
plied with' a grave smile. M Yes,.:my
courage shall' not fail; have no fear of
that." ... • -
.'"Then go^od-night. Mademoiselle Vas
sili, and may to-morrow bring luck,"
said Fortescue, bowing low, for the
benefit of- the. few spectators .of their
meeting, as he left her to return to his"
sej/t.
He remained till the close of the per
formance, seeing nothing or Volborth,
either in the private bo?: ds "allotted to
the imperial suite or among the obvi
ous mouchards — Russian and French — .
who thronged the lobbies and corridors.
But In the portico, as he was* leaving
the theater with two attaches of the
Embassy, he was touched on the arm
and some one thrust a crumpled paper
into his hand. It bore the words:
"Take care. We have lost track of
Delaval."
On reading this he smiled a rather
ugly smile for a mild-mannered man,
and Immediately excused himself from
further accompanying his companions.
"So! my friend Volborth," he mut
tered, as he turned his steps toward the
telegraph office. "I am not sorry that
to-night. of all nights you should be
taught that you are not infallible. But
I must warn the detectives at Blalr
geldie In case the 'Yank,' as Laura
calls him, has doubled back in that di
rection."
The contingency made him self-con
centrated, and it was not till he had
walked several blocks that he remem
bered the necessity of paying attention
to his own surroundings. Almost sim
ultaneously was borne in upon him the
consciousness that he was being fol
lowed, and turning his head, without
slackening his pace, he perceived that
his visit to the telegraph office was not
an Immediate necessity. "A convenient
lamp shot its rays full on the face of
the man. behind, and showed the broad,
pretentiously genial features of Delaval
himself. -
. The - street through which - Fortescue
was taking a short cut was a quiet one,
leading to still quieter byways, in
which he anticipated that the attack
•would be made. As he walked on with
seeming carelessness he formed | his
plan and proceeded to put It in prac
tice by turning the next corner, and
diving into the first dark entry he came
to. Therehe would wait, he told him
self, till, his pursuer had passed, when
he would slip out, while Delaval was
halting . in perplexity, and make the
best of his way back to the glare of the
boulevards, where it would be easy to
lose himself in the crowd.
Twenty, forty, sixty seconds sped by,
and pld-pad round the corner came De
laval, ¦ brushing so close to his in
tended victim that the fumes of his
whisky-laden breath were distinctly
noticeable. He .went on a dozen -paces,
then.' paused , In . doubV and began [ to
come slowly .back, peering in to entries,
and' stopping at every -step tojisten.
Fortescue saw that the time was
come for beating a retreat, and he was
on the point of making a" 1 dash for the
England, W we : need* not. discuss it
further.".' s . ¦'"¦ -'.-' '¦'¦'}
The topic was not congenial 'to Vol
borth, and with a renewal of his warn
ing he rose to go. Fortescue made no
attempt to detain him, excusing the
alacrity with which he went to open
the door by the announcement that
they would probably meet later, as he
was. going to dine at the British Em
bassy, in order to accompany the staff
to the gala performance at the Theatre
Francals. " 'VJ- -.,-,
"I have a mesage for Mademoiselle
Vassili from Miss Metcalf— no treason,
only a girl's message; and it will be'an
opportunity of delivering? it," he ex
plained.
"I am glad that I ain not your moth
er; though you ought.to be safe enough
with the Embassy follc." said Volborth.
"Inside the theater there is no possi
bility of risk, but watch yourself on
the way home."
When he was gone Fortescue threw
himself into a chair, and Indulged in a
hearty laugh.
"For sheer, cold-blooded squandering
of the average man in the interests of a
cause, commend me to the Russian po
lice system," he sa&i to himself. "Here
is this fellov.-. who I really believe has
as much affection for me as he can feel
for anything/quite aware of my, peril,
yet he wont lift a finger to abate it, be
cause, forfoo'h, it would entail a breach
of his methods."
He sat still for sofcne minutes, think
ing- deeply; > and then as he rose to
change into evening dress, he added:
"At least, I have not lied to him. I
think that any impartial Englishman
would allojv that my end Justified my
means."' • • . - * .'._.-
Casse-Tete with the news of Delaval's
death. At the same time Volborth had
been apprised that the man who had
eluded espionage on the previous night
was lying cold and stark and unclaimed
on the marble slab.
It soon became evident that the loss
of their comrade was not to altar the
plans of the Nihilists for the day. In
deed, such signs of activity became ap
parent that Volborth, in making the*
usual division of his forces, decided to
attach himself to the wing that was to
keep in touch with the enemy, leaving
to Restofskl the command of those
who were to hem in the Tsar. Keen as
ever, not only to protect life, but to
preserve the Empress from the horror
of an attempt, he could not but be
specially anxious on the last public ap
pearance of his Imperial charges in the
neighborhood of a populous center. If
that day passed off quietly he promised
himself an easy task at sleepy Darm
stadt, and then, hey for the sweets of
victory! It made him impatient to think
of it— of the scene which he pictured of
Restofski's grip fastening on Olga Pa
litzin's white arm as soon as the Tsar
was safe on his way to Holy Russia
once more.
Some such thought was in his mind
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAL'i..
Continued on Page Fifteen.
JOS ROSENBERG'S.
I The Queen 1
I of All- I
INever'Come' Undone ;
HoseSupporter
Wear them and you will more \
than appreciate them. Only j
to be had at the Price Cotter's,
and ycu know his way of
sellng.
DIANA LADIES' HOSE
SUPPORTERS and AB-
DOMINAL REDUCER
combined. Made of a circu- I
lar shape pad with belt at- 1
tached. Covered with mer- \
cerized sateen. Four straps A
of extra strong elastic, fancy fj
I buckles, also button clasps, g
In pink, blue, red, black. Do
not judge the by the
price. Price 25c.
THE HOOK-ON— Attaches to
the front steel of corset ; by
patent hook. Made with a cir-
cular cut pad and four straps
0 of heavy clastic, with button fl
g| hose supporters attached. 11
n In red, pink, blue and black, ti
H You will appreciate the qual- 11
B ity and low price. Price 23c. It
1 THE SEW-ON LADIES* H
| HOSE SUPPORTER— Can |
H be attached to any part of n
H the corset. Made of silk fin- fl
M ish sateen. Two straps of ||
I! fancy frilled elastic with '9
M rubber button clasps. All col- B
? ors. 23c. |i
H THE ABDOMINAL RE- I
I DUCING ' HOSE SUP- i
| PORTERS — Attaches, to the I]
H front of the by patent 1
U clasps. Extra strong elas- R
H tic, fancy flcur de lis buckle, y
pi also velvet grip clasps. In t
g red, pink, blue and black, i
I . I, Price 25c a pair. , a
1 THE SPINAi SUPPORTER |
| and HOSE SUPPORTER II
B ' ATTACHED. Made of firm I]
§3 Parisian webbing. It attaches j
H over the shoulder. No strain ]
H on your hip or side. Has an |
|j extra long tape with elastic J
h attached, with hose sup- I
U porter, button clasps. In |
y . black only. Children, 23c. I
H Women, 30c. j
9 Wh en there is anvthinsr new i|
Fa to improve your form you'll E
|i ; surely find it at fl
I Joe Rosenberg 1
1 816 Market. llO'Farrdl |
1 MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED Bsaia gently, "don't you think, yiey
would be more apt to come to a wed
ding?"
"I couldn't invent that," she protest
ed in a muffled voice.
"It's very easy," he persisted. "Just
say 'yes.' I will look after the rest. I
have - wanted lo ask' you for , a long
time." . "
Even Tolliver came to the wedding
and led the chorus of "He's" a Jolly
good -fellow,", as he ¦:';.. poured.^several
quarts of rice down the elevator .shaft
after ,the departing pair. James had
discovered that, Bascom really had to
work for n living and that the studio
had been furnished by a maiden aunt,
who insisted (hat he be started right.
I June Calendar
I Girl . ;;. •'
+— — _ — : — __ : • : .. . *
On the front page of this Magazine
Section The ;• Sunday: Call presents to
day the "June Multiple Color'Calendar
31rl,". the . fifth in the ,new, series for
190-1, which have been attracting much
attention for their beauty and artistic
quality, since the first was published In
January, last. . .
The June Calendar Girl is a special
pose of Miss Ella Kearney, one of the
prettiest and cleverest girls in San
Francisco and one. who has a special
faculty for dramatic effects: This,
however... is the, first time she
has /appeared before the cam
era, "and it was because she was
such; a good subject that Mr. Terkelson,
chief operator at-Bushnell's, chose her
for this striking .picture, .which is a
novelty. In photography. The suit,
which Is of the new Bilk-finish, to give
it that wind-swept effect necessary to
an instantaneous picture, is from New
man.& Levlnaon. It is an importation
designed expressly, for this picture.
WILLIAM had said he would
come at 2:30 sharp. The
races at the Country Club
course began at 3, and It
would take a good half -hour to make
the drive.
Beatrice Hans.com, fidgeting Impa
tiently on the broad veranda, glanced
at the clock on the tower of St. Mark's.
It was 3:30. An hour late already! It
was so like William! It would be haz
ardous to speculate when he might ar
rive now. Ve,ry probably the unimpor
tant fact that he was to drive her out
to the races had quite slipped his mind,
for William's memory was of a decid
edly uncertain variety, as Beatrice
knew from countless precedent cases.
She would wait no longer. She would
go over to the links and take it out of
one of the caddies. Some one must feel
as out of sorts as did she. She rose
angrily, and as she did so there was a
great clatter of hoofs on the winding
driveway. A pair of cobs, pulling a
smart trap, were drawn up before the
stoop, and William, very shame-faced
and apologetic, sprang from the seat.
"Oh, I say," he began.
"Well, what have you to say?" said
Beatrice, turning on him wrathfully.
"Whatever it is, it should have been
said before 3:50."
William coughed in embarrassment.
"We haven't any time to los«." he
urged.. "Jump In and I'll try to explain
on the way out."
"Out where?" she said coldly.
"Why, out to the track, of course,"
said he.
"No, thanks," said Beatrice. "The
last few races are always tame af
fairs. I'm not going.**
• "Not going?" he questioned In dis
may. "You said—"
"I said at half-past two," she re
minded him.
William stared at her blankly. Then
his face brightened.
"May *I stay here with you then?"
he asked.
"I was just starting for the links,"
said she. •
"But you'll let me explain, -won't
you?"
Beatrice shrugged her shoulders.
"If it won't take too long," she said.
William hitched the cobs and came
up the veranda steps.
"Look here," he said contritely, "I'm
horribly sorry about this, but— but— "
I "But you forgot, as usual," said Be
atrice.
"Well," he Bald, "Barrows and Mor
ton came in to talk up that lumber
deal-"
"Just say you forgot," said -Beatrice
wearily. A "It's the on'.y explanation."
"I did remember It, though, at three,"
he said hopefully.
"So like you to shut the stable door
after the horse has gone." she said
savagely.
William locked pained. He said noth
ing..
"If this were the first offense I might
overlook it," continued the girl. "But
it's been like this four times out of
every five. The exact number of times
l f vi-_';>i«»t »""«t!ns for you to fulfill
WHEN Herbert Bascom's effects
were moved into the Holbein
studios the other occupants
gathered in the front win
dows and Jeered openly. Bas
com, whose hearing was singularly
acute, caught the comments as far up
&m the third floor.
The only trouble with Bascom's ef
fects was that they were new — distress
ingly new. From the oilcloth for the
tiny kitchen to the Persian rugs and
Turkish hangings, they all came from
flrst-hend etores. The Hdbeinites
were unaccustomed to such extrava
gances. They had bought second-hand
things when they had first set up, and
thereby had acquired merit in the eyes
of those already established. It was
unbobemian, as Tolliver expresed it, to
have glaring new furniture and things
In one's studio. It argued the posses-
Bion of unseemly quantities of money
and email artistic merit. From the
moment that the first delivery wagon
backed up to the door Baecom lost his
surname, bo far as his fellows were
concerned, and gained the title of The
.Aristocrat. It was Tolliver's nlck
"name, but it spread rapidly, and no
French Communist ever hated the name
more than the Holbeinites. . .
As soon as the place had been set
tled Bascom went around one morning
delivering invitations for a studio tea
that afternoon. There were many
moved to accept the invitation, for the
delivery wagon of a leading grocery
Jmd unloaded much that looked attract
ive that morning.
But Tolliver made a personal canvass
and when Baecom hurried home that
afternoon, laden with additional pack
ages, he was met by a neat pile of re
grets carefully pinned upon his door.
As a result of Tolliver's activity it had
been decided to snub this aristocrat
who sousrht by means of the tea to
flaunt his rich possessions before th'ir
«yes. It was unboh^mian, and whli«r
• bis presence had to be tolerated, friend
ship and fellowship should be withheld.'
Bascom was no fool. He readily per
ceived why he was being snubbed an<l
quietly accepted the situation. He nod
ded friendly to the men when he m»t
them In the halls and gravely removed
his hat when he passed the women.
For the rest he went to work and
found in this an absorption which did
not permit him to worry about the at
titude of his neighbors. He missed
their companionship, but he had letters
In plenty. Since the artistic colony re
fused to recognize him he devoted him
eelf to his society engagements when
tin-.e permitted, thereby bringing forth
.additional comment as to the gorgeous
nps-s of his garments.
Then came Miss Alice CaswelL She
was but a decorator of china, but her
effects v.ere pitifully meager and she
was at once accepted by the rest of th»
inhabitants as a Bohemian.
She wes a bright, brisk, even tem
pered girl, and before the week was out
eh* had made friends even with the
Janitor, a feat hitherto supposed to be
impossible. She had the studio across
the hall from Bascom, and before ehe
had learned of his isolation had already
formed a friendship with him. She had
reeded pome material which she did
not heve time to go out for. and he had
peneroufly supplied her wants. -She
had noted v/Jth approving eye his skill
as a draughtsman *»rd fine sense ot
oolor. Aft^r that she Foon acquired
the habit cf dropping in to ask his ad
vi e about her designs, aXSinr h's wide
Bascom's Aristocracy
By Jasper Collingwood
A few weeks later she had a birthday
party. Early in the morning the occu
pants of the other studios began to ar
rive, each with some little token and
the invariable inquiry as to whether
Bascom had been invited to the evening:
festivities. It seemed odd to her that
they should be bo interested in his pos
sible appearance, but she readily an
swered that he would. No objection
being offered she personally rounded up
Eascom when the time of the party ar
rived and got him across the hall on
the plea that she needed help in the
preparation of the Bupper. •
Bascom had interposed many objec
tions when she had invited him. but
6he had pleaded with him and on her
assurance that the attitude of the oth
ers had materially changed he decided
to risk It because she wanted it.
She never realized that the abate
ment of the crltlclBm was because she
was openly his champion and the rest
had decided to respect her "delusion."
as .they termed It. She was so happy
getting the spread ready that she never
noticed the clock- until all of the prepa
rations had been made.
''Why. it's 3," she said wonderinslv.
"I asked them to come In about 8. I'll
take a little run down the hall and re
mind some of them."
Bascom sank into the easy chair In
front of the cannel coal fire. Cannel
coal was a luxury in the Holbein flats,
but he had sent two scuttlefuls that
morning in honor of the event. Alice
ran down the hall to Tolliver's door.
There, pinned to a panel, was the sign,
"Gone to the theater." She retraced
her steps to the stairway. On every
door was some card giving notice that
the owner had (rone out. She descended
to the lower floors, apparently not a
noul remained in the bulldine. Bascom.
by th<* flrep'^cr, was rtartled by the
tiny figure that darted in and sank
sobbing upon the home-made cozy cor
ner.
It took small questioning to get at
the trouble. The cause he already
knew. The form the opposition had
taken was 8 11 he needed to ask.
"I vouldn't have minded so much,"
she sobbed, "only I did so want them
to . meet you and see how .' nice you
really were."
"Did you get It all up for rap," he
demanded eagerly.
Fhe nodded. "That Isn't the worst of
Jt." ehe confessed, "I even invented the
birthday. Mine was seven months away
and I couldn't wait. . I thought they
would be more apt to come to a birth
day party. Now I have all their pres
cr*«* ard tb";-' wouldn't com"."
"He dr-v lbs tearfu' Uttle faco down
urea his chnulder. "Little girl." If.
experfence of great value.
By the time the other dwellers in the
Studio building had thought to warn
her of the intruder in their colony the
intruder had become her mentor, and
she grieved greatly as one after an
other the rest of the artists let slip
some caustic fling.
"But he is a really clever man," she
assured Tolliver one day as he sat
perched in the window seat declaiming
against the aristocrat. "I assure you
that his paintings are very much above
the average."
Tolliver snorted contemptuously. "My
dear child." he remarked patronizingly.
"You do some very clever china work.
Don't try to get beyond it and set up
ns a critic. There never was a man
came into this place with new furni
ture. He can't be an artist." Then the
conversation dropped. There was no
arguing with Tolliver when he called
one "dear child."
overdue appointments is simply appall
ing!"
SU11 William said nothing. Ha
looked across the trim lawn with Its
winding driveway and Its flourishing
shrubs.
"And so. hereafter," she went on.
"you need make no appointments with
me."
"You don't mean " he began In
expostulation.
"I do mean just that," said she.
"This is about the last straw. I don't
Intend to be subjected to such heed
less annoyance again."
"You won't go anywhere with ma?"
he asked.
"I shall make no appointments to
go anywhere with you. If we go. It
will be on the spur of the moment;
and even then I shall not be surprised
If your treacherous memory allows me
to come home alone, as I did the day
of the river carnival."
William thought deeply for a mo
ment.
"Perhaps you're right," he said at
length. "I haven't fully realized until
now what I have Inflicted upon you.
I'll stay away as much as possible
until I can educate my memory Into
something like normal condition. 1
won't bother you any longer now —
you said you were going over to th«
links. I believe. I'm really more sor
ry about all this than I can make you
understand. Good-by."
He ran down the steps, and a mo
ment later the cobs whirled down the
driveway In a cloud of dust.
Beatrice sat on the veranda lost In
thought. She knew she had hurt him
deeply. But, he deserved it. she told
herself grimly. Still, she was rather
sorry she had been so disagreeable
about It; he was so bis and good
natured, and so absurdly helpless.
She was roused by the clatter of
hoofs on the driveway. The cobs
were again pulled up before her, and
William ran up the steps.
"See here, Beatrice," he said, hur
riedly, "I came here this afternoon with
a firm determination to tell you some
thing important, but in the confusion
of being late and el> that, you know—'*
"You forgot it, of course/' she
laughed.
At the sound of her laughter William
was evidently relieved.
"Exactly," he said. "I meant to tell
you that the deal in Lakeside real es
tate has been closed and that I've made
a tidy bit out of it. I meant to ask you
—hang it! It sounds cold-blooded, but
I don't mean It so — if you'd marry me."
The girl gasped. She looked at him
steadily for several moments.
"Oh, ¦\V:*,liam. William, you Incorrigi
ble man!" she said.
"Will you?" said he eagerly. "Marry
me, you know?"
She laughed nervously.
"You'd forget," she declared, "and
marry some one else within a month."
"I know I've no right to ask you," he
said, humbly.
Beatrice was absorbed In a bit of try
she was assiduously picking to bits.
"Still," she said, "you do need a guar
dian—so Derhtips I'll rl»k it."
(Copyright, 1904, by K. M. Whitehead.)
Incorrigible William
By Forbes Dwigrat
Nevertheless, Harry Wilton under
stood her meaning. A moment 1»**"J
and he had settled her future.. Wjjp
"I am going to be married UJV*£nTr!r;
Eloise lifted her face. "Are *ras«*;L
Bhe whispered. "Who to?" ¦KijJ
"You!"
"Me?"
"Yes," and together they walked
toward 'the ticket window.
papa meant well, but he's old and. well
—I hated him. So I just determined to
run away."
Young Wilton was staring at the girl
In silent amazement. "Why." he stam
mered, "why. when did your father
change his mind? When did he tell
you that you must marry that man,
that Mr. Glade?"
"Papa never told me whom I was to
marry. He said 'Never mind* when I
tried to. question him, but I know that
it was to be Mr. Glade. I know, be
cause he always looks at me so funny,
and then he >vas invited to breakfast,
and to lunch, and to dinner to-day.
Anyway, who else could it possibly be?
No one el3e would marry Just poor,
plain me!" •
For a moment Harry Wilton was
silent, then drawing a step nearer he
looked down into his companion's face.
"Mr. Glade was not to be your hus
band. I was to be the man."
"You?"
"Yes, but when the time came I
couldn't do it. I felt that I. was being
fcrced upon you, and, well. I Just de
cided to leave you In peace and go
away!"
"You?" Eloise repeated. "Why, I
never thought that you cared about
rael"
"Yes, I cared so much that I could
not bear to hurt you. I supposed, cf
course, your father told you."
"No," Eloise fingered her boa nerv
ously. "No, if he had perhaps I might
have—"
"Yes," Harry drew closer to the girl's
side.
Her cheeks were flushed and sho
dared not raise her eyes to the young
man's face, for she knew that he was
looking at her. When she again spoks
her voice trembled.
"What are we— that is— I mean, what
are you — ?" But Eloise did not finish
her speech. Her voice suddenly failed,
and she hid her face in her muff.
"Going away, did you say? Why, I
understood that you— you— were to be
married thl3 evening. Why dosen't
your— your huaband buy the ticket?"
Eloise flushed scarlet. She turned
her face away and looked across the
room, then out into the train-shed,
where bells were ringing, smoke puff
ing and whistles screaming. Mr Wil
ton was waiting for her answer. When
she again turned her face toward him,
Harry saw that her eyes were filled
with tears.
"I couldn't do It," she whispered.
"I couldn't marry that horrid little Mr.
Glade. Perhaps he is nice. Perhaps
Eloise Thickerton looked around the
waiting room of the depot, a fright
ened expression in her large, gray
eyes. She held her muff tightly in both
hands and watched the people coming
from and going to the ticket windows.
Eloise had not fully made up her mind
Just where she wanted to go.
When Harry Wilton, carrying his
satchel, came into the waiting-room,
the first person he saw was Eloise
Thickerton. The young man looked
at her in amazement, then he slowly
drew out his watch: it was eight
o'c?ock. Of course, she must be look
ing for himself. Poor girl, the idea of
being deserted was intolerable to her.
Walking quickly across to Eloise's side,
Harry touched her lightly upon the
arm. The girl gave a little, startled
cry.
"Oh, Mr. Milton, I'm so nervous.
I— I— really am so glad to see you. I
want you to buy me a ticket, will
you?"
Harry was bewildered.
"Thickerton," he cried when he had
gained control of his voice, "my son
has gone!"
Franklin Thickerton looked at the
Judge as though he had never before
seen him. "So has my daughter!"
When Eloise's father had read this
note he seated himself before his desk
and for fully ten minutes opened and
closed the drawers in rapid succession.
He seemed to be searching for some
thing—perhaps Eloise. At this mo
ment the door swung open and Judge
Wilton hurried into the room, his face
pale, ' his hands working with ex
citement.
This note Informed the lawyer that
his daughter would not be married that
night. She had gone away and would
never again trouble her father's busi
ness arrangements. She expressed the
hope that he would be successful with
his Russian business transaction, then
she bade him good-by.
not returned and the housekeeper • had
found a note in her room addressed to
Mr. Thickerton;
(Copyright, 1904. by S. L. Tinsley.)
TO-MORROW then at the lat
est, but it would be worth
a thousand dollars more to
you if you could leave on the
midnight train."
Mr. Factore took up the roll of pa
pers and started toward the door.
"If you change your mind so that
you can manage to leave to-night,
why call me up, will you?"
Mr. Franklin Thickerton. who was
opening and closing the drawers of
his desk, turned around hastily.
"Yes, yes. I'll see, my boy, I'll see!**
Pierce Factore nodded his head, and
vu about to leave the room when
Mr. Thickerton whirled around sud
denly in his chair, with an expression
of dismay upon his thin, smooth face.
"Eloise! what will I do with
Eloise?"
Pierce Factore uttered an exclama
tion of impatience.
"Marry her to some one!" exclaimed
Factore in exasperation, hardly know-
Ing what he was saying. To his amaze
ment Mr. Thickerton seized upon his
Idea with delight.
"By George, the very thing! Glad
you thought of it. I'll attend to it at
once. Perhaps, after all. I'll be able
to leave on the midnight express."
Then, "whirling his chair around. Mr.
Thickerton applied himself to work.
Having finished his letters, Mr.
Thickerton hurriedly rang the bell and
then impatiently awaited the arrival
of his daughter. Eloise. Eloise Thick
erton was a tall, slim girl, with a pale
face, large gTay eyes, and short, curly,
light-brown hair. When she entered
the room in answer to her father's
summons she looked about her with a
frightened expression. A summons
from papa meant something extra.
Mr. Thickerton was always too busy
to cay more than good morning or good
night to his daughter. When Eloise
.had closed the door, her father began
speaking.
"My d*ar. I must leave at once for
Russia on business. I may be gone
months, and I may be gone years."
Eloise grasped her father's arm in
surprise.
"Papa!" ehe exclaimed.
"Yes, I must go at once. This deal
means much money for me. Therefore,
I have sent for you to yell you that
you are to be married at once; thia
evening by 8 o'clock at the latest. That
is all, my dear. You run away, I ana
busy, very busy!"
Poor Eloise! The room swam before
her eyes. She sank into a chair, be
cause she could not trust herself to
stand.
"Papa, dear; dear papa, what do you
mran?"
Her voice was so pitiful, that even
her busy father found time to turn
amund and look at her.
"There, there, my dear, don't fret; it
wll! soon all be over."
Eloise shuddered. "Papa, dear, you
don't mtan it, do you? You're just
teasing me, aren't you?"
She clasped her hands. He did not
look at her. but shook his head and
drummed nervously upon the desk.
"There, there, my dear, run away
now and don't bother me. I am very
busy; but remember, be ready by 8."
Eloise waJked sadly toward the
door. Then she hesitated, and looked
back timidly at her father.
"Whom am I going to marry,
papa?"
Franklin Thickerton did not under
stand his daughter's question, and he
was too busy to ask her to repeat it.
So he answered absently: "Never
mind, my dear, never mind!"
Eloise silently left the room.
One hour later, Franklin Thickerton
was sitting in Judge Walton's office.
The Judge listened while Mr. Thick
erton talked. The conversation con
cerned Judge Walton's son.
"You have always favored a mar
riage between Eloise ana Harry. As
I start for Russia to-night, and
have no one with whom I could leave
my daughter, why not let us have the
marriage performed this evening.
What def you say?"
The lawyer looked at the Judge.
"What does Eloise say?" replied the
Judge.
"She will do what I say!"
"Very well, Harry shall be on hand
at eight o'clock to-night."
The two men Fhook hands, and Law
yer Thickerton hurried away to make
the final arrangements for his
journey.
.At a quarter before eight o'clock the
Thickerton household was in a state
of excitement. Eloisc was missing.
The housekeeper was weeping in the
sitting-room. The lawyer had looked
himself in the library. The servants
•were huddled together whispering in
the kitchen.
Eloise had left the house an hour
before and her father had expected her
to return in a few momenta. She had
... - . . *-.
THE SAN * FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
4
THE INTERRUPTED FLIGHTPhillips is a writer of affairs. His
"Master Rogue" and "Golden Fleece"
showed the broad, hurried current of
modern life; the muddied, cloudy cur
rent is his province. In his last story
he has gone down deeper into this
turgid flood, followed it to its sources.
Not only does he trace the flow from
its Inception down through the tortuous
channels of present day circumstance
and opportunity, but he makes an
analysis, almost chemical in its com
pleteness, of the mud and the silt which
darkens and soils the surface of the
stream. Money, what It does for its
possessor; power, what an influence for
good and for evil it swings; the vanity
of society, what a hollowness and a
mockery its tinsel enfolds— these are
the materials out. of which Phillips
molds "The Cost." The materials . are
not new; they have been . used time
and time again by other hands. "The
Honorable Peter Sterling," "The Octo
pus" and "The Pit," "The Thirteenth
District," Gertrude Atherton's latest;
"Rulers of Kings"— all of these stories
of recent years have been bullded on
the same themes, yet Phillips has
evolved something new and vitally
alive from this well handled lumber.
PHILLIPS HAS
Triumph in "The Cost."
DAVID GRAHAM PHILLIPS,
whose rise as a novelist has been
accomplished with the rapidity
characteristic of the'present day swing
of fiction and fiction makers, has put
the capstone on his recently erected
pedestal with his latest story, "The
Cost." Have there been any doubts of
his powers up to now they must assur
edly waver before the direct assault of
this remarkably compelling novel. A
story such as "The Cost" raises itself
head and shoulders above the zone of
commonalty and stands out > pre-emi
nent among the fruits of a year's wide
writing.
CARLYLE'S ESSAY ON BURNS—
Gateway Series; American Book Com
pany, New York: price 35 cents.
EURKE ON CONCILIATION—Gate
way Series; American Book Company,
New York; price 35 cents.
ELIOT'S SILAS WARNER—OaU
way Series; American Book Company,
New York; price 40 cents.
ROLFE'S SHAKESPEARE, revised
edition, Hamlet, Othello, Macbeth.
The Tempest, Twelfth Night, Midsum
mer Night's Dream: American Book
Company, New York; price, each, 58
cents.
ELEMENTS OF ALGEBRA—
George W". Hull; American Book
Company, New York; price 50 cents.
ELEMENTARY ALGEBRA — J. H.
Tanner; American Book Company,
New York; price $1.
DIE MEISTERSINGERi — Edited by
W. W. Bigelow; American Book Com
pany, New York; price 70 cents.
EL SI DE LAS NINAS — Edited by
Geddes and Josselyn; American Book
Company, New York; price 50 cents.
EURIPIDES' IPHIGENIA— Edited
by W. N. Bates; American Book Com
pany, New York; price Jl 23.
STORIES FROM LIFE — Orison S.
Warden; American Book Company,
New York; price 45 cents.
FORMS OF ENGLISH— Charles F.
Johnson: American Book Company,
New York; price SI.
LIVES AND STORIES^ — Grace H.
Kupfer; American Book Company,
New York; price 45 cents.
SAMUEL SMILES* SELF HELP —
Edited by Ralph L. Bower; American
Book Company, New York; price 60
cents.
TRUSTS VERSUS PUBLIC WEL
FARE — H. C. Richie; R. F. Fenno ft
Co., New York; price 50 cents.
THE BETTER NEW YORK — Dr.
W. H. Tolman and Charles Hemstreet;
The Baker & Taylor Company, New
York; illustrated.
WHAT JESUS IS DOING — J. F.
Shorey; Alfred Holness, London.
HISTORY OF THE UNITED
STATES^ — Henry W. Elson; The Mac
millan Company, New York; price
$1 75.
JAPAN DESCRIBED BY GREAT
WRITERS — Esther Singleton; Dodd,
Mead & Co., New York; Illustrated;
price Jl 50.
OUTLINES OF UNIVERSAL HIS
TORY — George P. Fisher; American
Book Company, New York; with
maps; price $2 40.
CHRISTMAS STORIES, by Dickens
—Edited by Jane Gordon; American
Book Company, New York; price 50
cents.
CONFESSIONS OF A RAILROAD
MAN — S. R. I. Community, New
York; price $1.
A DICTIONARY OF ETIQUETTB
— W. C. Green; Brentano's, New York
price Jl 25.
THE SINGULAR MISS SMITH—
Florence M. Klngsley; The Macmlllaa
Company, New York; Illustrated;
price *1 25.
AT THE BIO HOUSE— Anne Vir
ginia Culbertson; The Bobbs-Merrill
Company, Indianapolis; illustrated.
DOROTHEA— Maarten Maartens; D.
Appleton & Co., New York; pries
U 50.
MODERN ARMS AND A FEUDAL
THRONE— T. Mllner Harrison; R. B\
Fenno & Co., New York; Illustrated;
price $1 50.
New Books Received.
5TEWATIT EDWARD WHITE, the
writer who has made the forests
and barren grounds of the great
north real to its, now comes forward
with another novel laid in the heart of
t,h& country, that is so throbbing with
life to him. "Tha Silent Places." which
ran in Outing serially, under the title
"Ihe Trail. of the Jingoss," and is now
In book covers, is a story that thrills
the blocd and twangs the nerves like
nothing that has been written about the
I and of BHence since young Jack Lon
don first showed his touseled head over
the horizon of fiction.
White's latest story narrates the in
cidents attending 1 ' a great man hunt
through the wilderness of Canada and
out into the white desolation of the
Barren Lands. A bad Indian, Jingoss,
who has jumped his credit with the
Hudson Bay Company's trading post
ut Conjuror's, v House, Is followed
through trackless wilds and snowy des
erts by two indomitable backwoodsmen
for the space of four seasons and at
lest brought to cover, when both the
quarry and the trailers are nigh dead
f rcra the rigors of cold and "starvation.
The' chaae leads over river, rapid and
lake, through forest silence, across the
dead white dome of a frozen north-
Jnnd. Day *by day, month by month,
there is the unceasing battling with
the grim forces of nature — a struggle
that assumes' the proportions of . the
heroic under the skillful pen of White.
Strong, remarkably intense, is this nar
rutlve of almost superhuman struggle.
The early part of White's story,
wherein is pictured the stretches of
green woods and shimmering waters,
has all the rare freshness of the wood
land that makes the author's other
stories of the trail so redolent of the
large free spirit of the great wilder
ness. Following the two woodsmen,
Sam Bolton and Dick Herron, up wind
ing water | courses, over portages and
through g piney thickets, the reader
catches the sound of the white water
and scents the musky odor of the
spruce needles with a startling vivid
ness.
Then when the trail of Jingoss leads
Into the heart of winter's fastness there
is pictured a grim and terrible panor
ama of desolation and of the naked,
primordial play of nature's forces, bru
tally overwhelming. White's narrative
rises here to a" tragic pitch, which fol
lows beat for beat the terrific swing
of, the winter cruelty that strikes its
way into the reader's very marrow.
The . strange love story which
threads its. way through the tal« offers
itself as a good ensample of the au
thor's restraint In the handling . of
something that .might prove a fatal
weakness. Indian girls who have a
love for, white men have been features
of ptorles before — usually the excuse
for ,: a deal | of sickly sentimentality ;
White's girl, May-May-Gwan, is, as
true a redskin as Dick Herron is the
hard-skinned .woodsman, and she does
not offer her heart with tender words
of rippling sweetness at. every turn of
the road,, as a Hiawatha of • Charles
Majors' creation, eay, would .in
evitably do. • • • >
Much of the strength in "The Silent
Places" lies in j the sharply contrasted
natures of the two woodsmen.. In Sam
Bolton White has drawn a| character
ofVsuch rich and mellow fullness, so
mature a gentleness, that he is at once
a candidate for our affections. The
spirit of the woods seems to . have
tempered him to a fine perfection aa
-WHITE WRITES
Thrilling Tale of North.
COULD the clever collaborators,
Gelett Burgess and Will Irwln,
only have sustained to the end
the dash and the verve that mark the
opening chapters of "The Picaroons"
they would have achieved more suc
cess than even the generous meed
due them. For the scheme of. their
book is novel, Its atmosphere some
thing never yet produced with quite
the same touch and the tales they
have to tell are in themselves gems
of short stories. With a happy con
ceit about which to thread their
stories and a couple of rattling good
ones placed at the start, the two writers
seem in a fair way to keep up the
merry pace they set until "The Forty
Pantella*" and "The Story of the Re
turned Klondiker" begin to show
strain and "The Story of the Retired
Car Conductor" falls very flat. Had it
only been that the delightful vagaries
of Coffee John and Big Bertha or the
rare adventures of the Harvard fresh
man with the bananas could have been
equaled throughout the book, the two
local writers would have made . an
THE ROMANCE
of Roguery in "Picaroons"
That lie may trate the devalpprnent
of. the instincts for strength of charac
ter and for glut of power ID his charac
ters. Phillips opens his story with tha
youthful tlnrs of the two men and the
woman who arc to figure in the incense
drama of the later action7- John Du
lv.ont, Ann Arbor -student,' \villful,'Im
petuous, impatient of restraint in the
pursuit of boy's folly and pleasure, is
the avowed lover of Pauline Gardiner,
a sweet girl of nnlve insouciance.- De
spite the precaution of Pauline's par
ents in sending hfr away to colle/e, the
two lovers are secretlv married and
John embark* on a business career
with all the hish ideals of a wholesome
man. Into the life of Pauline, vet at
college, theie enters the influence of
an awkward gawk of a student. Hump
den Scarborough, a man come to col
lege with the one purpose of learning
all there'is to learn that he mav fight
the world with his knowledge. While
Pauline Is secretly bound to the ambi
tious John Dumont, the is more and
more drawn under the spell of Scar
borough of rough-hewn, crude strength.
Phillips ehifts the scenes. Her mar
riage acknowledged, Pauline follows
her husband's fortunes to New York,
and there comes the unmasking. The
brute in John Dumont first shows the
gleam of its eyes; Pauline'3 marriage
bonds are allowed to stay only thac
the great god Appearances may be ap
peased. With the accretion of every
dollar comes to John Dumont the lust
of wealth, and with that, power. To
the dizsr heights of a trust kins, t
financial arbiter, he soars, forgetting
wife, honor, charity, .everything in the
yellow dazzle. With each step in the
rise of Dumont PhHllps- traces the ad
vance of Hampden Scarborough' In the
right. A leader of men, am orator of
power, a man charged with tremendous
ideals. Scarborough finds himself the
leader In the fight against Dumont's
despotism. Quite another Peter Ster
ling is he.
How the -tremendous forces of John
Dumont totter to a fall, only to be built
up again into an engine of vengeance,
how his life becomes honeycombed with
preed, charged with sin and bitter with
frightful strivings; how HampdenScar
borough comes Into the fruition of his
life's ideals; how Pauline finds the
sweet that the world sometimes reveals
—these are the tissues of a narrative
of striking vividness and dynamic
force.
(Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapo
lis; illustrated: price $1.50.)
f-^DWlN A. ABBEY'S frieze decora
tT* tion In the ne,w Boston Public LI-
brary,- which has for its theme
the legend of the, Holy Grail, is, with
Sargent'.s companion study, "The
Source? of Religion," in the same build
ing, the most perfect example of mod
ern mural decoration. These two re
markably artistic series of allegorical
panels, the one with its Incarnate mys
ticism'of veiled prophet and ecstatic
psalmist, the other . incorporating the
ideal of man's spiritual existence, have
an importance In the world of art that
cannot be overestimated. Their-being
signalizes a high triumph for our Amer
ican school. That we may the better
appreciate the worth of one of these
friezes, Abbey's "Holy Grail Legend,"
Sylvester Baxter, an authority upon art
criticism, has written* an interpreta
tive and descriptive monograph, under
the title "Edwin A. Abbey's Conception
of the Holy Grail."
An interesting fact' concerning Ab
bey's scheme for the delineation of the
grail cycle, which Baxter gives promi
nence at the outset of his book, is that
the artist's decision concerning the sub
ject of his frieze came quite unexpect
edly. Intending to create a series of
panels whose scheme should be the
sources of ', modern literature, just as
Sargent had depicted the sources of
modern. religion, Abbey began to make
researches preparatory' to working out
his conception when the all-pervading
influence of the grail legend In early
literature caught his immediate atten
tion. The possibilities of this field, of
fering itself as it did practically as vir
gin ground to the artist »nd • capable
of the highest esthetic. Interpretation,
caught Abbey's decision at once, and
he proceeded to put into color and line
what Walter Map, Sir Thomas Malory,
Chrestien de Troyes and all that noble
company of ancient barda had done
Into story.-' ,; uV •;.' -^ <.,
Baxter devotes a well written analy
sis to the esthetic significance and ex
alted poetic concept of the grail theme.
He believes that the search for the
mystic cup is representative of the high
spirit of enlightenment and* religious
faith that has characterized both the
spiritual and the sensual uplift of man
kind. . This legend, so persistent, so
fundamental to all our early literature,
embodies the sum total of the desires
A CRITICISM
Upon Abbey's Frieze.
epic of San Francisco's underworld
indeed.
The'joint authors iire very alert to
the fact- that our city has a field for.
the picaresque wider, more . fertile,
more tiistinctlve than any city in the
land. Their book reflects admirably
the life li* the town known only to the
bluecoats and police 'reporters. The
water front, the gambling holes* of
Chinatown, the "hop joints" and sail
ors' boarding-houses— a terra in
cognita for most folk, are made to dis
play their secrets of tragedy and
comedy under ths searchlight of
Burgess* and Invin's odd humor.
Many of their stories are not stranger
in fiction than In their bona fide oc
currence — -for some old-timers will tell
you the story of Big D»rtha and the
tale of the newspaper syndicate of
rank outsiders is old in the annalsof
local newspaperdom. #
Would you catch the charm of , the
world that lies east of Kcarny street
and north -of Market, the world of the
•grafters,"* the "bums," the picar
esque, read ."The Picaroons,." • The
dull pages you can skip. Fortunately,
there are not many such.
(McClure. Phillips & Co., New
York; price ?1 50.)
The Baker & Taylor Company an
nounces the completion of arrange
ments for English editions of two re
cent books, "The Strife of the Sea," by
T. Jenkins Hains. which has attracted
very wide attention both in this coun
try and abroad, and "My Mamie
Rose." Owen Kildare's story of his
rise from the Bowery. "The Strife of
the Sea" seems to appeal very strongly
to English publishers as the sort of
work which the English public will ap
preciate, but what seems curious in
this relation is that the story of a
man's rise from the Bowery struck the
English publisher as unlikely to appeal
to his public, because it was so Ameri
can. If the popular English books,
which deal with special phases of Lon
don life, were failures in this country,
there would be a small chance for Eng
lish works. However, the start of "My
Mamie Rose" In America is most prom
ising, being now in its fifth thousand.
William, Dean Howells, the dean
of American novelists and critics, has
gone abroad for the spring months.
Perhaps his most endearing trait— and
he has many— is the generosity of his
praise for the rising generation of fic
tion writers. To an English interview
er he said recently:
"Chicago is becoming the center of
an active school of novelists. I think
very highly of Edith Wyatt, who has
a fine sense of style, but knows litera
ture too well to be literary. Then there
is Edith Wharton and poor Frank Nor
ris — to- the mystical side of whose na
ture, no one has ever done justice — and
Brand Whltlock, who has written the
best American political novel that has
ever been done, "The 13th District."
The publishers, Doubleday, Page &
Co., have received a letter from the
French Minister of Public Instruction
stating that he has subscribed for a
certain number of copies of the French
translation of 'Booker T. .Washington's
autobiography "Up From Slavery."
This is an honor that the French Min
istry of Public Instruction bestows only
on books considered as having a great
educational value for, the children of
the public schools and the readers of
popular libraries. The action of the
Department of Public Instruction is In
keeping with the unanimous praise
that his work received from the French
reading public and the critics.
Philip Verrill Mlghels, whose story,
"Bruvver Jim's Baby," represents a
new and genuine success in American
fiction, was born in Carson City, Ne
vada, in 1869. His father founded and
edited the Carson Appeal. Like so
many other literary men, young Migh
els was educated for the legal prof es-
"The Ballads of Bourbonnais," by
Wallace Bruce Amsbary, with pictures
by Will Vawter, has just been pub
lished by The Bobbs-Merrill Company.
The poems deal with a settlement al
mest "Unknown to the country at large.
In 1835 certain venturesome French
traders from lower Canada came into
the fertile valley of the Kankakee, in
Illinois. They bought land of the red
men for a mere song, and induced a
number of their countrymen to settle
with them. To-day the colony numbers
about seven thousand. Bourbonnais Is
the typical town of^, the settlement, with
not a single resident of English de
scent. The ballads were written by Mr.
.Amsbary in the hope of preserving the
dialect of the Illinois French-Canadian.
In addition to the quaintness of the
dialect the volume has considerable hu
mor of a whimsical sort.
a S a good indication of what San
J\^ Franciscans are reading we pub
lish the list of twelve books that
have been most In demand at the local
branch of the Booklovers' Library dur
ing the month oast:
"Sir Mortimer," Johnston; "The Vi
king's Skull," Carling; "Adventures of
Elizabeth in Rugen"; "My Friend Pros
pero," Harland; "Cap'n Eri," Lincoln;
"The Rainbow Chasers," Whitson; "A
Daughter of the States," Pemberton;
"Rulers of Kings." Atherton; "A
Woman's Will," Warner; "Order No.
11," Stanley; "Denis Dent," Hormingr;
"In the Bishep's Carriage," Mlchelson.
W. E. Xorrls' "Nature's Comedian,"
to be published this month by D. Ap
pleton & Co., is an interest
ing study in egotism, its hero being a
great actor, a gentleman and a man
of the world. His ambitions, his mo
tives, his successes and his failures are
skillfully drawn. Harold Dunvllle sug
gests a composite of several well known
matinee idols, but he is portrayed with
so distinct a, personality that we won
der if the man has not really lived
amon; us.
STRAY LEAVES
for Vagrant Bookworms.
One of the mystic and pretty things
told is of a visit to a temple in Yo
kc-hama, passing from outer to inner
sanctuary, and again from these, led
by the priest, past many guarding
screens at last to the innermost sanc
tuary and altar, and there where the
Bod was expected only a mirror is seen.
You are not told the mirror's meaning;
each must interpret for himself. It is
mppused that eome of the secret of it
may be guessed from the doctrine that
he who seeks the Buddha can only find
him by looking into his own heart.
In the brief account of the religions
of Japan the most notable thing noticed
is toleration. fihintoism and Buddhism
do not antagonize but accept each
other, and the people merge them in
An evolution so swift, indeed, that
tie can almost imagine that method
.*»f. creative power half merged into
other one of sudden fiat perform
-i C fc-w_--Let there be light, and there
light," Is probably the sublimest
¦sentence in language, and now we
seem to hear history saying "Let
there be a New East," and lo, there is
a New East. So the coming of books
about Japan proves welcome now.
Esther Singleton, the author of
"Turrets. Towers and Temples," com
" piled the book from the works of
writers approved by fame; her part
in the task— a triumph in its way, too,
is the exercise of taste in the culling,
and the orderly stringing of the gems
together — they are gems — he who
doubts that is damned to lose
much of pleaeure if in the darkness of
that doubt he lets pass the oppor
¦ tunlty to advantage by this woman's
deft drawing of the curtain back to
grant us peeps at poetic Japan.
The writers whose words have been
here collected are those who have
studied their subject sympathetically;
they have gone to the spot to search
for the soul of Japan, and seem to love
auch glimpses of the elusive thing as
.occidentals can grasp. So the nature
. of the book is appreciation.
¦ ' Among these writers is Lafcadio
Hearn, who is fairly lacquered with the
love of Japan, making it the land of his
adoption and becoming citizen— as Jap
anese £« he could be perhaps without
donning a yellow skin. It is with ar
dent eloquence he endeavors to make
tis comprehend his chosen country.
8om« of the best of his is where he
tells us of the holy island of Enoshima,
the Deity of Beauty, Devotion, Love,
the Goddess of Eloquence, and also
Goddess of the Sea — "the eternal poets
•whose mighty syllables no man can
learn." Also, of course. Hearn de
¦crlbes with poetic glow Fugi-San and
•orne of the temples.
Another enthusiastic writer is Sir
Edwin Arnold, who, being a Japanese
by marriage, so to epeak, naturally
loves the Island Empire and describes
it in caressing words. His chapter on
Fugi-Ean, the marvelous sacred moun
tain, Is a prose poem. ?co less loving,
no less eloquent are the pearly compo
sitions of Pierre Loll— he who writes
as if possessed of the mind and mood
of a lotus-eatlr.g god, and can on the
occasion of his giving us glimpses of
things es he sees them be careless of
a.11 that's ugly and lull us with dream
sweet visions of what is most fair.
Here as elsewhere Pierre Lett's work
proves that for the readers who like to
peek carefree moments In a land of
literary loveliness one of the directest
rentes to travel there is to go via VI
cud.
The volume contains chapters varied
and many enough to cover all the main
tJuLj'-r.-tc about Japan and all that is
written is done by master hands. Eth
nology, history, religion, manners, arts,
a notable chapter on modern Japan,
and above all for beauty and compell
ing interest are the accounts of "Places
and Monuments."
They startle the word's attention
rs they hold the center of the stage of
history in the act of making. and
rattier imperiously the tiny island em
pire seems saying to a world audi
ence: "Look at me, give some of
your mind to my methods, listen to
my well-served guns us they clear the
road for the way 1 wish to go. note
from the daily news that my success
is cumulative and that I go from
power to power and from progress un
to progress — who shall <!are venture
to foretell the limits of what I can and
will do, for this is especially the Bff*
¦when evolution has evolved to the
point where we are fully conscious
that such is the creative way, and I.
the empire of Japan, am of evolution
the most attention-demanding ex
ample."
the world's past, present, and
future a long li?t of subjects soliciting
attention — and sometimes these many
subjects seem almost in Babel clamor
as to which should come first for the
brain's fuller comprehending and the
hearts completer judgment. From
out this springs up at present, as a
thing exceedingly aJH-e. little Japan.
as .verily the land of the rising 1 sun.
end its uprising, strangely surprising
inhabitants and out-comers, the big
little Japanese.
T-ircrri-; is always lying in the
desk drawers of every heart
and brain deep interested in
SHE GATHERS
Literary Gems in Japan.
This fathered cherry bmnch can scarce cou-
A fancy of the Ulrssom ia<J?n trre.
Blooming: in nmllcbt: c<iuK' I show it th'v.
Thoughts cf its beauty woulu <lriw sleep away.
Japanese women, we are told, have
no legal rights; they cannot obtain a
divorce, no matter how bad their hus
bands, may behave. It is Intimated
that the ladies live as if they accepted
as sacred truth that which is written
in '"The Greater Learning of Women" :
"A -woman shoulJ lock ~ her hus
band as if he were Heaven itself, and
thus escape celestial punishment."
About these wonderful little ladies we
are informed that so shy and intensely
reserved are they to men who are not
of their race that occidental men know
them not except most vaguely. It is
intimated that even the better of the
geishas, the highly trained entertain
ers, "the life and soul of Japan," as
the writer calls them, are not for bar
barian occidental investigation.
A curious item in the accounts of
manners and customs is the habit of
carrying from household to household
what is called "the honorable live fish,"
in tubs of water. Each housewife in
turn orders a slice cut off the honorabk
live fish, and then the unfortunate fish
is chucked back In the tub to keep his
remainder fresh until another house
wife wants another slice. We wonder,
upon hearing this, what kind of cruel
soldiers the^e unmerciful mothers
would breed. Surely it would be ter
rible for the Cossack to be caught in
the clutches of the sons of such mothers
and they happened to take a notion
to deal with them as if they were no
better than honorable live fish.
All in all, it is an interesting hour
the book gives in telling of this em
pire of beauty and its artistic natured
people, this land of silk and chrysan
themums and cherry blossoms, sacred
mountains and temples built on high,
of silk courtesy in peace and steel
courage in war, this New East that
seems so naturally fitted to some day
comprehend arid adopt Christian ideals
and, if they ever do, to do them daring
ly and well.
(Dodd, Mead & Co., New York; il
lustrated; price $1.50.)
their devotions. They rejoice in a birth
with Shinto ceremonies and bury their
dead with Buddhist rites; and Japan,
undo-jmatic and unfanatic. waits will
ing to accept any religion which can
convince them that it is better than
these two. One of the striking things
in the study of the 1 ok is this toler
ance, and the apparent splendid
foundation which the nature of Japan
offers for the bulldlnp thereon of the
Christian Ideals. Even Shintolsm. in
all its error, is yet a recognition* that
heroism in the abstract is very vague,
but when incarh-te in a human person
c'.'ty then men havs r> t'nse of its
reality and deify it.
In the chapter on flowers we are
to'.d of the po- •••-- errnr which con
siders the chrysanthemum the national
fiower of Japan, for that honor belongs
to the cherry blcs.=om. Anent thi?
cherry b!o5som an rxqufrito bit is this
— the romance of how it happened: The
Emperor Shemu. on a. hunting expedi
tion, first became eno.ir.cred of the
beauty of the double cheify blossforni
so he sent a branch *f the flowers to
his favorite consort. Ko:r.io Kogo, with
this brief vtrst:
the Juice of the oak staves sweetens
old spirits. So unlike this gentle, old
woods man Is young Herron, impetu
ous, boorishly strong, unthinking, until
his heart is fined by the tragedy that
to him under the snowpall of
the barren lands. These two men are
»" licately sketched out from the
background of the .story. J *
Again, "The Silent Places" is rare
reading. It is away off the beaten
path of fiction, something powerful
and vividly real.
" (McClure. Phillips & Co., New York;
illustrated; price $1 50.)
This little interpretation and appre
ciation of Baxters is illuminating and
scholarly beyond the ordinary meas
ure of art critiques. It develops, the
hidden excellence of Abbey's frieze and
gives a comprehensive view of the
whole which must make for a more
perfect understanding on the part of
all readers who are furtunate enough
to view the original. •
.'."(Curtis:' & Cameron, Boston: price
U 50.) • . -'¦ : *
and achievements of the higher life.
"The Quest of the Holy Grail," says
Baxter, "signifies the 'quest for spir
itual enlightenment as pursued
through life by the righteous soul of
man— the grail, as we have seen. beinK
the symbol for illumination of the soul
through the wisdom that comes with
the right use of knowledge. ' Hence
nothing could be more appropriate,
nothing could set a loftieii standard for
them that thirst for learning than this
sacred legend set forth in this place.
By the very nature of man this quest
must underlie every activity that
makes for the growth of the human
soul."
The remainder of Baxter's work is
•devoted to an Interpretation of the
artistic work, a description of the
various panels in detail- and an anal
ysis of. Abbey's art. Very strongly
does Baxter commend Abbey's hand
ling of his motif, especially the re
straint he has exercised in keeping
down the spirit of his progressive
scenes until the climactic episodes in
the ntpry of the grail allow the artist
full swing. Special notice does Bax
ter call to Abbey's faithfulness to the
facts of archaelogy and history in the
matter of his costumes, his architec
tural backgrounds and the spirit of the
scenes he depicts.
In his new novel, "The Queen's
Quiar," Maurice Howlett has under
taken to tell the whole story of Mary of
Scotland as she herself knew It; to
paint her as she appeared to herself
and to others, to depict her heart, her
love, her power, her errors, her pain,
her sway through all the six years*
tragedy of her life In Scotland. This
Is said to be one of the great books of
the year in its power, its literary qual
ity and its skill.
grot paid for was a "Carrier's Address"
In verse, for which a syndicate paid
him $75. Then he wrote advertising
verses, and in fact anything that came
to hand, and finally struck into story
writing, and, as the saying is, "found
himself." Mr. Mlghela is of New Ens
land ancestry and is a nephew of Pro
fessor Addlson E. Verrlll of Yale. He
has recently contributed a number of
unusual stories to Hariwr's Magazine.
Charles Wagner, whose volume of
wise and kindly advice to the members
of the family. "By the Fireside." has
Just been brought out by McClure-
PhllUps, has decided to visit America,
where he has so many friends, In Octo
ber or November. He will deliver ser
mons and- lectures, speeches to children
and young men's clubs, and will make
addresses in the universities. "Side by
side with my lectures," he says, "I in
tend to carry on a discreet propaganda
for my work here in Paris. This work
is the center of my activity, and con
sists essentially in the diffusion of the
great principles of the gospel under a
simple and logical form appropriate to
the mind and the needs of the time. Z
hope to find In the United States sym
pathy for this work, to which I have
given my efforts all my life."
Winston Churchill's new novel, "Tha
Crossing," was published by The Mac
mlllan Company on May 25. This
novel narrates the crossing of the
Cumberland Mountains, first by the
American pioneers and then by the tide
of American emigration, In the years
between 177S and 1792. The love atory
Is even more romantic than In Mr.
Churchill's former novels, and the
book Is especially distinguished by its
wealth of the romance of adventure.
ston, and went so far as to practice a
short time. But th& fatal step had
already been taken— he had published
a story In the Sacramento Bee at the
age of 18: a storv about a little boy
and girl, for which he received no pay.
He abandoned the law, went to San
Francisco and earned a limited living
as a sketch artist and then as a re
porter. Finding this unsatisfactory, he
went to New York and edited three
trade Journals for a year. Then, "dead
broke and friendless," aa he himself
says, he started out to work for him
self. The first individual work he ever
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.
5
SURVEY OF
RECENT
BOOKSALBERT SONNICOSEN
ON YASHIMA
A ball of white smoke flew upward.
A few seconds passed— all eyes were
on the white . triangle, a mile abeam.
It seemed as though the projectile must
have gone beyond the horizon line.
Suddenly a white spurt of foam shot
up from the Indigo water within fifty
yards of the target; a long, thin thread
of water, that opened at the top like
an umbrella and came down in show
ers^ I ' "¦'!)¦: J'-
A clang of the breech-lock brought
my attention to the guns again. The
gunner was once more sighting. This
time he flred at will — he was trying
to make time. 'Another crackling re
port, another breathless Interval, > and
the exploding shell sent -up its foun
tain closer to the target .; This was
repeated flve times. At the last j shot
the target was hidden 'in the spurt
of -foam. * ; t "
The Uteutenant rushed aft along the
out of the deck. There was no noise,
no hurry, no excitement But from
the small oblique eyes of every .man
came a gleam of Intense professional
interest. There was; none of the blase
Indifference of the soldier at drill.
One- of the for'd six-inch guns was
to be tried first. Above, on the fore
and aft bridge, stood a lieutenant with
a pad and a pencil - to record the hits.
Beside him stood an ensign with a
watch to time them. If was to be a
test of qulokness as well as of marks
manship. Below a petty officer stood
behind the gun, a wire In each hand.
He was stooping, his eye even with
the gun sights,- his whole attitude one
of Intense mental concentration.. -
For the first time I heard a word
spoken. The lieutenant gave the; word.
A brilliant yellow bar of i flre shot out
from the muzzle of the gun. The-at
mosphere crackled like new sheet tin.
bridge. A gun In one of the after tur
rets began firing, almost as regularly
and as quickly as a pulse beat. Be
tween each. shot came the. clang of the
breech block, evidently the second
gun made better time; her shells cer
tainly came nearer the mark. A
¦mothered, cheer came from. her crew.
The. officer skipped 'midships, -the
ensign with hlnu— There was no mis
taking the repressed excitement of the
gun "crew. The men had thrown open
their thick Jackets— the gunner had
thrown, his off. His. arms were bare:
the- muscles swelled' and shrunk as
though the brown skin held imprisoned
snakes. His lips ' were parted, .expos
ing his teeth as though he were snarl
ing.-*: '¦ '- , •-'
His first shot struck the target full,
putting a hole through one of the can
vas wings, the ; shell exploding slightly
beyond. Again came an ¦ - impulsive
THE Japanese naval men have
never been in the habit of invit
ing foreigners to be present at
target practice aboard their war
ships, but it was the writer's luck to
witness by accident a realistic exhi
bition of Japanese skill at gunnery..
This v.as shortly after the Spanish-
American war. The . American troop
transport of which I was then a petty
officer was lying in the naval dry
dock at Nagasaki. This kept us there
a long time, and our captain had be
come intimately acquainted with vari
ous Annapolis trained officers on the
Japanese battleship Yashima, also In
port.
One morning I was sent aboard the
Yeshima with a message to one of her
officers from our captain. When I had
delivered it the Japanese officer said:
"It's Impossible for me to send my
answer just now. We are going out
side the harbor for a couple of hours'
target practice. If you have the time
to spare, you may stay aboard till we
come In again."
The Invitation was accepted. The
officer left me alone in a chartroom
on. an upper deck, while he hurried off
to his duties.. >^
From the big yellow funnels of the
battleship huge banks of smoke tum
bled up, rolling over the green hills
that surround the harbor. The cap
tain and his staff stood on the main
bridge. There was a simplicity in their
neat blue and white uniforms that
made it difficult to distinguish their
ranks, nor was there that pompous
ness of manner in them peculiar to
many European naval officers. " One
little chap came into the chartroom
for something and bowed very polite
ly. I took him to ' be a wardroom
steward until afterward he turned
out to be the navigating officer.
A bell clanged faintly somewhere
down in the bowels of the 6hip. They
had been weighing anchor. : but :so
noiselessly that I had failed to be
aware of it. Shrill whistles came from
various parts of the. ship, and groups
of men moved about the decks with
automatic regularity. Sentries with
muskets sprang up in unexpected
spots as though they were shoved up
they gave that muffled cheer, or again
their oblique eyebrows became xnors
oblique still and the corners of their
mouths went down.
Again the target swung ahead, and
again came the thunderous roar of the
smaller quick firing guns. The white
wings of the target almost disappeared
In a boiling circle of milky foam. In
stinctively my hands went up and cov
ered my ears; the atmosphere seemed
to crystallize and break up Into pow
dered bits. A big gun In some for'd
turret interpolated its gigantic roar
at regular intervals that set the big
ehlp trembling.
We were coming closer to the tar
get now, and the firing increased.
Slowly we passed it. Those gun crews
not engaged in flrins stood stolidly by
their guns, staring fixedly at the tar
get. Their t-xcitement had passed —
their faces were as expressionless as
that of the average Chinaman when
he overcharges for the wash.
Again the engines began throbbing
and the green hills about the harbor
mouth rose on both bows. In >*»if
an hour the Yashima's anchor cable
was rattling out.
cheer, or murmur of admiration, rath
tr. The small, black mustache of the
lieutenant went upward as he jotted
down some figures on his pad.
The first shot' evidently made the
gunner overconfident. The four suc
ceeding shots were comparatively poor.
Not a word was spoken, but the gun
crew scowled.
There came an interval In the firing.
The target swung ahead. Then a small
gun up In the foretop began sputtering
nervously, the reports rolling above us
like thunder. A" tne officers on the
bridge were gazing intently at the tar
get through binoculars. A circle of
angry white foam appeared about It.
The ship's course was describing a
huge figure eight. As the target
swung around on the other beam an
other six-inch gun on that side opened
fire. > After each firing the men slipped
back the breech lock, pulled out the
empty brass shell and slipped In a load
ed one with the regularity of automa
tons. There was not a trace of their
repressed excitement in their move
ments. Only their faces showed the
keen rivalry between the men who
manned the different guns. Sometimes
"He! Mahomet All?"
"I ordered him to say nothing. I had
a score to settle with you. But we
dine at 8, Captain Joyoe. We live
plainly here, but I think I can do you
a little better than you did me at
Kurkur."
**I couldn't give it awagr before all
those blacks, or where should I hare
been the next time I used my false)
beard and Arab dress? You put ma la
a very awkward position. But at last
I had a word alone with your Egyptian
officer, who managed my esoape all
right."
The fewer question* the better, per
haps. But. of course. It most seam
rather amazing. I had a little private
business with the Kabbablsh. It most
be done In person. I did it, and came
to your post In my return, I kept ao
winking at you as a sign that I wanted
a word with you alone."
"Yes, yes. I begin to understand.**
"How waa that?"
"I could get nothing out of him, ttXk m
"Did you try?" , j
"Yes. sir; I did what I could."
"What did you do?"
"Well, sir, I threatened to use physi
cal force.**
"What did he say?"
"He said nothing."
"What was he like?"
"A tall man. sir. Rather a desperata
character. I should think."
"Any way by which we could ldantlfy
him?"
"A long, black beard, sir. Gray ey«a.
And a nervous way of twitching his
face."
. "Well, Captain Joyce." said the gen
eral. In his stern, inflexible voice, "X
cannot congratulate you upon your first
exploit in the Egyptian army. You are
aware that every English officer in this
force la a picked man. I have the whole
British army from which to draw. It Is
necessary, therefore, that I should in
sist upon the very highest efficiency.
It would be unfair upon the others to
pass over any obvious want of zeal or
intelligence. You are seconded from
the Royal Mallows, I understand T*f 5
"Yes, sir." /
"I have no doubt that your colonel }
will be glad to see you fulfilling your,
regimental duties again."
Hilary Joyce's heart waa too heavy
for words. He was silent.
"I will let you know my final decision
to-morrow morning."
Joyce saluted and turned upon his
heel.
"You can sleep upon that, you beau
ty, and a good night's rest may It give
you."
Joyce turned in bewilderment. Where
had those words been used before?
Who was It who had used them?
The general was standing erect. Both
he and the Chief of the Intelligence
were laughing. Joyoe stared at the
tall figure, the erect bearing, the In
scrutable gray ayes.
"Good Lord!" he gasped.
"Well. well. Captain Joyce, we a#e
quits!" said the general, holding out
his hand. You gave me a bad ten min
utes with that Infernal red-hot
horseshoe of yours. I've done as moan
for you. I don't think m can spar*
you for the Royal Mallows just yet
awhile."
"But, sir; but f"
"No, sir."
"Yes, sir, and your own best riding
camel as well. There is a slit cut in
the tent, and he got away unseen In
the early morning."
The Bimbashi acted with all energy.
Cavalry rode along every track; scouts
examined the soft sand of the wadys
for signs of the fugitive, but no trace
was discovered. The man had utterly
disappeared. With a heavy heart Hil
ary Joyce wrote an official report of
the matter and forwarded it to As
souan. Five days later there- cam* a
curt order from the chief that h»
should report himself there. He feared
the worst from the stern soldier, who
spared others as little as he spared
himself.
" And his worst forebodings were real
ized. Travel-stained and weary he re
ported himself one night at the cen
tral's quarters. Behind a table piled
with papers and strewn with maps tn*
famous BOldler and his Chief of In
telligence were deep In plans and
flgure3. Their greeting was a cold ona,
"I understand, Captain Joyce," said
the general, "that you have allowed a
very important prisoner to slip through
your fingers."
"I am sorry, sir."
"No doubt. But that will not mend
matters. Did you ascertain anythinj
about him before you lost him?"
"Gone?"
clusion it would be to tEe incident! He
lay upon his angareeb still debating it
when the question suddenly and effect
ively settled itself. All Mahomet
rushed Into his tent
"Sir," he cried, "the prisoner U
gone!"
"Well, you can sleep upon it, yon
beauty, and a good, night's rest may it
give you!" ; V
He adjqurned the court, and the pris
oner, as imperturable as ever, was led
away by the guard to his supper of
rice and water.
Hilary Joyce was a kind-hearted man
and his own sleep was considerably
disturbed by the prospect of the pun
ishment which he must inflict next day.
He had hopes that the mere sight of
the koorbash and the thongs might
prevail over his prisoner's obstinacy.
And then, again, he 'thought how
shocking it would be if the man proved
to be really dumb after all. The pos
sibility shook him so that he had al
most determined by daybreak that he
-would send the stranger on unhurt to
Assouan. And yet what a tame con-
"Tell them to undo the man's gaJa
beeah. Order them to put a horseshoe
In the fire and make it red-hot."
The prisoner watched the proceedings
•with an air which had more of amuse
ment than uneasiness. He never
winded as the black sergeant ap
proached with the glowing shoe held
upon two bayonets.
"Will you speak now? asked the
Bimbashi. savagely."
The prisoner smiled gently and
stroked his beard.
"Oh, chuck the Infernal thing away!"
cried Joyce, Jumping up in a passion.
"There's no use trying to bluff .the fel
low. He knows we won't do it. But I
can and I will flog him, and you tell
him from me that If he hasn't fond his
tongue by to-morrow morning I'll take
the skin off his back as sure as my
name's Joyce. Have you said all that?"
"Yes. sir."
"Perhaps," said he, " if the Bim
bashi thought fit"— 1 - He looked at the
prisoner and then at the burning wood.
"No. no, It wouldn't do. No, by Jove,
that's going too far." -
"A very little might do It."
"No, no. It's all very well here, but
it would sound Just awful if ever It got
as far as Fleet street. But. I say." he
whispered, "we might frighten him a
bit. There's no harm in that."
"No. sir." /
-"He has come far, sir. A trotting
camel does not die easily. He has
come from Dongola, at least.'
"Well, we must get him to talk."
"It Is possible that he is deaf and
dumb."
"Not be. I never saw a man look
more all there In my life."
"You might send him across to As
souan."
"And give some one else the credit?
No, thank you. This is my bird. But
how are we going to get him to flnd his
tongue?"
The Egyptian's dark eyes skirted the
encampment and rested on the cook's
"No clew of any kind?"
"Look here, Mahomet All, we've got
to get some sense out of this fellow.
You say there are no papers on him?"
"No, sir; we found no papers."
"Well, I'm blessed!" cried Hilary
Joyce. "Of all the Impudent scoun
drels! He keeps on twinking at me.
Who are you, you rascal? Give an ac
count of yourself! D'ye hear?"
But the tall Arab was as Impervious
to English as to Arabic. The Egyptian
tried again and again. The prisoner
looked at . Joyce with his lnscrutlble
eyes and occasionally twitched his face
at him, but never opened his mouth.
The Bimbashi scratched his head In
bewilderment.
action on his own account. But even
as it was, he had a rare chance of Im
pressing the authorities. He would
love to show his capacity to the head
of the Intelligence, arid even more to
that grim chief, who never forgot
what was smart, or forgave what was
slack. The prisoner's dress and bear
ing showed that he was of Importance.
Mean men do not ride pure bred trot
ting camels. Joyce sponged his head
with cold water, drank a cup of strong
coffee, put on an Imposing official tar
boosh Instead of his sun helmet and
formed himself Into a court of inquiry
and judgment under the acacia tree.
He would have liked his people to
have seen him now, with his two black
orderlies in waiting, and his Egyptian
native officer at his side. He sat behind
a camp table, and the prisoner, strongly
guarded, was led up to him. The man
was a handsome fellow, with cold gray
eyes and a long: black beard.
"Why." cried Joyce, "the rascal Is
making faces at me."
A curious contraction had passed
over the man's features, but so swiftly
that it might have been a nervous
twitch. He was now a model of Ori
ental gravity.
"Ask him who he is and what he
wants."
The native officer did so, but the
stranger made no reply, save that the
same sharp spasm passed once more
over* hi3 face.
herents. Then, again. Senoussl lives
up that way"— he waved his cigarette
to the westward— "the halifa might
send a message to him along that route.
Anyhow, your duty is to, arrest every
one coming along, and get some ac
count of him before y< u let him go.
You don't talk Arabic. I suppose?"
"I am learning, sir."
"Well, well, you'll have time enough
for study there. And you'll have a na
tive officer. All romething or other, who
speak.? Ensjiii-h. and can interpret for
you. Well, goodby— I'll tell the chief
that you reported yourself. Get on to
your post now as quickly as you can."
Railway to Baliani, the post boat to
Arjouan, «r<l then two days on a camel
in the Libyan desert with an Ababdeh.
guide, and three baggage camels to tie
one down to their own exasperating
pace. However, ever, two and a half
mil^s an hour mount up In time, and
at last, on the third evening, from the
blacken slarr-heap of a A ni1I which is
called the Jtbel Kurkur, Hilary Joyce
looked do\rn upon a distant clump of
palms, and thought t--"t- this cool patch
'of green in th? midst of the merciless
blacks and yellows was the fairest color
effect that ho had ever seen. An hour
later he had ridden into th« little- camp,
the guard had turr.ed out to ealute,
him, his native subordinate had greeted
him in excellent English, and hi had
fairly entered into his own.
It was not an exhilarating place for
a lengthy residence. There was one
large, bowl-shaped grassy depression ,
sloping down to the three pits of brown
and brackish water. There was the
grove of palm trees also beautiful to
look upon, but exasperating in view of
the fact that nature had provided her
least shady trees ony the very spot
where shade is needed most. A single
widespread acacia did something to re
store the balanc?. Here Hilary Joyce
slumbered in the heat, and in the cool
he- inspected his cquare-shouldered,
epindlc-t-hanked Soudanese, with their
cheery black faces and their funny lit
tle pork-pie Forage caps. Joyce was a
martinet at dnil. and the blacks loved
being drilled, so the Bimbashi was soon
popular among them. But one day was
exactly like another. The weather, the
view, the employment, the food—every
thing was th2 same. At the end of
three weeks he felt that he had been
there for interminable years. And then
at last there came something to break
the monotony. *"
One evening as the sun was sinking
Hilary Joyce rode slowly down the old
caravan road. It had a fascination for
him, this narrow track, winding among
the bowlders and curving up the mul
lahs, for he remembered how in the
map it had gone on and on, stretching
away into the unknown heart ..of Afri
ca. Th^ countless pads of innumerable
camels iJjrough many centuries had
beaten i&mooth, so that now, unused
and deserted, it still vound away, the
strangest of roads, a foot broad, and
perhaps two thousand miles in length.
Joyce wondered as he rode how long
it was since any traveler had journeyed
up it from the south, and then he
raised his eyes and there was a man
coming along the path.
For an instant Joyce thought that it
might be one of his own men, but a
second glance assured him that this
could not be so. The stranger was
dressed in the {lowing robes of an Arab,
and not in the close-fitting khaki of a
soldier. He- was very tall, and a high
turban made him seem gigantic. He
strode swiftly along, with head erect
and the bearing of a man who knows
no fear.
Who could he be, this formidable
giant coming out of the unknown? The
precursor possibly of a horde of savage
spearmen. And where could he have
walked from? The nearest well was a
long hundred miles down the track. At
any rate, the frontier post of Kurkur
could not afford to receive casual vis
itors. Hilary Joyce whisked round his
horse, galloped into camp and gave the
alarm. Then, with twenty horsemen at
his back, "he rode out again to recon
noiter.
The man was still coming on, in spite
of thtse hostile preparations. For an
Instant he had hesitated when first he
saw the cavalry, but escape was out
of the question, and he advanced with
the air of one who makes the best of a
bad Job. He made no resistance, and
said nothing when the hands of two
troopers clutched at his shoulders, but
walked quietly between their horses
Into camp. Shortly afterward the pa
trols came In again. There were no
signs of any Dervishes. The man was
alone. A splendid trotting camel had
been found lying dead a little way down
the track. The mystery of the stran
ger's arrival was explained. But why,
and whence, and whither? These were
questions for which a zealous officer
must flnd an answer.
Hilary Joyce was disappointed that
there ivere no Dervishes. It would
have been a great start for him In the
Egyptian army had he fought a little
IT was in the days when the tide of
MahdUm, which had swept in such
a Hood from the great lakes and
Dorfur to the confines of.Egypt.
had at last come to Its full, and even
begun, vjs some hoped, to show signs
of a turn. At Its outset It had been
terrible. It had engulfed Hictfs army,
ev.ept over Gordon and Khartoum.
tolled behind the LJritish forces as they
retired dowx: the river, and finally cast
u-, a spray of raiding parties as far
n Jrth as Assouan. Then it found other
chancels* to esit and to wesi. to Central
Africa an<i to Abyssinia, and retired a
little on the aide- of Egypt.
For ten years there ensued a lull.
daring which tiie frontier garrisons
looked out upon those distant blue hills
of Dor.g'jla. Uehind the violet mists
v.hich draped them lay a land of blood
and honor. From tkr.e to tine som?
adventurer went south toward those
hate-sirt :r.cunr2.*ns, tempted by stories
of jum and ivory, but nose ever re
turned. Or.ee a mutilcteu Egyptian
ar.d once a Crc-ek woman, mad with
inlrsl and foar. mede their way to the
lines'. TliL-y were the only exports of
that country of darkness. Sometimes
the sunset would turn those distant
mists Into a bank of crimson, and the
dark mountains would rise from that
sinister reel: like islards in a sea of
blood. It secr.it d a grim sy:nbol in the
southern heaven when seen from the
furt-cap'ped bills by Wady Haifa.
Ten rears of lust In Khartoum, ten
years of silent work in Cairo, and then
all was ready, and it wes time for civ
ilization to take a trip south once more,
traveling cs her wort is. In an armored
train. Everything was ready, down to
the laft pack saddle of the last camel,
end y^t no one suspected it, for an un
constitutional Government has its ad
vantages. A great administrator had
argued and managed, and cajoled: a
great soidier had organized and planned
ai;d made piastres do the work of
pounds. And then one night these two
master tpirits met and clasped hands,
and the soldier vanished away upon
tome business of his own.
And just at that very time Bimbashl
Hilary Joyce, seconded from the lioyal
Mallow Fusiliers and temporarily at
tached to the Ninth Soudanese, made
his first appearance in Cairo.
Napoleon had said, and Hilary Joyce
hai noted, that great reputations are
only to hi made in the East. Here
he v.T-s iu the East with four tin cases
of baggage, a Wilkinson sword, a
Bond's slug-throwing pistol and a copy
of "Green's Introduction to the Study
of Arabic." With such a start and the
blood of youth running hot in his
veins, everything seemed easy. He was
a little frightened of the general; he
had heard stories of his sternness to
young officers, but with tact and suav
ity he hoped for the best. So. leaving
his effects at Shepherd's Hotel, he re
ported himself at headquarters.
It was not the general, but the head
of the Intelligence Department, who re
ceived him, the chief being still absent
upon that business which had called
him. Hilary Joyce found himself in
the presence of a short, thick-set offl
cei, with a gentle voice and a placid
expression, which covered a remarka
bly acute and energetic spirit. With
that quiet smile and guileless manner
he had undercut and outwitted the
most cunning of Orientals. He stood,
a cigarette batween his fingers, looking
at the newcomer.
"I heard that you had come. Sorry
the chief isn't here to see you. Gone
up to the frontier, you know."
"My regiment Is at Wady Haifa. I
suppose. Eir. that I should report my
self there at once?"
"No; I was to give you your orders."
He led the way to & map upon the wall
and pointed with the end of his cigar
ette. "You see this place? It's the
Oasis of Kurkur— «. little quiet, I am
afraid, but excellent air. You are to
get out there as quick as possible.
You'll find a company of the Ninth and
half a squadron of cavalry. You will
be in command."
Hilary Joyce looked at the name,
printed at the intersection of two black
lines, without another " >t upon the
map for several inches around It.
"A village, sir?"
"No, a well. Not very good water,
I'm afraid, but you soon get accus
tomed to natron. It's an Important post,
as being at the junction of two cara
van routes. AH routes are closed now,
of course, but still you never know who
might come along them."
"We are there, I presume to prevent
raiding?"
"Well, between you and me, there's
really nothing to raid. You are there
to Intercept messengers. They must
call at the wells. Of course, you have
only Just come out, but you probably
understand already enough about the
conditions of this countr o know that
there Is a great deal of disaffection
about, and that the halifa is likely to
try and keep In touch with his ad-
THE > SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALII
HOW THE. JAPS FIRE
BIG GUNS
6
THE DEBUT OF BIMBASHI JOYCE."Cn." He pounded until the call burn
ed into his fingers. It was an age be
fore Callendar answered; then Calla
han's order flew:
"Hold 59. Answer quick."
[ And Callendar answered: "59 Just
pulling out of upper yard. Too late to
Btop her. What's the matter?"
Callahan struck the table with his
clinched fist, looked wildly about him,
then sprang from the chair, ran to the
window and threw up the sash. The
moon shone a bit through the storm of
sand, but there was not a soul in sight.
There were lights in the roundhouse, a
hundred 1 yards across ttte track. He
pulled a revolver— every r railroad man
out there carried one those days — and,
covering one ot the roundhouse win
dows, began , firing. It was a risk.
There Avas one chance, maybe,- to a
thousand) of his killing a. night, man.
But there were a thousand chances to
one that a. whole tralnload of men and
women would be killed inside of thirty
minutes if he couldn't get help.
He chose a wlndowJn the machinists*
section, /where he. knew no one usually
went at night. He poured bullets into
the^ unlucky casement. as fast as pow
der could carry them. Reloading rap
idly,., he .watched, the roundhouse ; door,
and, sure' enough, (almost at once, it
was cautiously opened. Then- he fired
into the ' air— one," two, three,- foxuy.nve,
Bix— and he saw ,*'.rain . start '¦ for y the
station : on the ; dead-, run. " He /knew,
too,^by the -tremendous sweep of his
legs/- that it" was", Ole Anderson; the
night foreman, the man of all others he
wanted.- '"->.; • '•>••- ¦-.' ,?*¦•»'."¦- -¦-¦-¦ ? ¦• ;; - ; - - -- ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦-¦,
"Ole," cried trie dispatcher, waving
his arms frantically as the giant. Swede
leaped across the. track and looked up
from " the ;' platform below, "Go get
Bucks. I've got a runaway train going
against 69. For your life, Ole. run!"
The big fellow was Into ; the wind
leave Callendar. From .'¦ Callendar ,-]-.to
Griffin is a twenty-mile run; ; There is
a station between, but in those 'days
no . night . operator. The runaway coal
train was then* less than thirty mllea
west of Griffin, coming down a forty
mile grade like a cannon ball. If 59
could be stopped, at Callendar, she
could be laid by in five minutes, out of
the way of the certain, destruction
ahead of her on the main line. - Calla
han seized the key and began calling
line off down the grade."
They were already past -Jackson,
eight miles away, headed east, and
running down ' hill. • Callahan's- eyes
turned like hares- to , the train sheet.
69, going west.- was due that: minute to
Callahan Jumped to the key. "What's y
that?" he asked, quick as. lightning ¦/
could dash it.
"Twelve or fourteen cars coal passed
here, fully forty! miles an hour, headed
east, driven by the wi — "
That was all J could send, for Ogia-' ,
lalla broke in. Ogalalla ts the station
just west of Jackson. And with Calla
han's copper hair raising higher at
every letter, this came from' Ogalalla:
"Heavy gust caught twelve' coal cars
on side track, sent them out on main
It was the Kacons operator calling;
J," clicked sharp and fast. "Twelve or
fourteen cars passed here — Just — now
east— running a-a-a-" Callahan sprang
up like a flash— listened. What?
R-u-n-n-i-n-g a-w-a-y.?
Callahan was too good a railroad manqu
to ask questions of a superior. Bucks
might have stood on his head on the
stove, and it redhot, without being pur-
sued with inquiries from Callahan. If
Bucks chose to sit up out there on the
frozen prairies in a flimsy barn of a
station and with the wind howling
murder at 12 o'clock past, and that on
Chrl—the 24th of December, it was
Buck's own business.
lt dispatching; get into commercial
work; mistakes don't cost life there;
don't try to handle trains. If it ever
happens with you, you'll kill your
self."
That was all he said; it was enough,
And no wonder Callahan loved him.
The wind tore frantically around the
station; but everything else was so
Btin. it was one o'clock' now, and not
a soul about but Callahan. "D-i. D-i.
"I kind of looked for my mother to
night," said he, after Callahan got his
orders out of the way for a minute.
"Wrote she was coming out pretty soon
for a little visit."
"Where does your mother live?"
"Chicago. I sent her transportation
two weeks ago. Reckon she thought
she'd better stay at home for Christ
mas. Back in God's country they have
Christmas just about this time of year.
Watch out to-night, Jim. I'm going
home. It's a wind for your life."
Callahan was making a meeting point
for two freights when the door closed
behind Bucks; he didn't even sing out
"Good-night." And as to Merry Chri—
well, that had no place on the West
End anyhow.
"D-i. D-i. D-i. D-i," came clicking
into the room. Callahan wasn't asleep,
Once he did sleep over the key. When
he told Bucks he made sure of his
time; only he thought Bucks ought to
know, ¦¦'•
Bucks shook his head pretty hard
that time. "It's awful business, Jim.
It's murder, you know. It's the peni
tentiary, if they should convict you.
But it's worse than that. If anything
happened because you went to sleep
over the key, you'd have them on your
mind all your life, don't you know —
forever. Men— and— and children.
That's what I always think about— the
children. Maimed and scalded and
burned. Jim, if it ever happens again,
They look old now. The Ink is faded
and the paper is smoked with the fire
of fifteen winters and bleached with
the sun of fifteen summers. But to this
day they hang there in their walnut
frames, the original orders, just as
Bucks scratched them off. They hang
there in the dispatchers' offices In the
new depot. But in their present swell
surroundings Bucks wouldn't know
them. It was Harvey Reynolds who
took them off the other end of the
wire — a boy in a thousand „ for . that
nigjit and that minute, j The instant
the words flashed into the room he In
structed the agent, grabbed an ax
and dashed out into the waiting-room,
where the Sheriff, Ed Banks, sat with
his ¦ prisoners, the cowboys.
' "Ed," cried Harvey, "there's a run
away train' from Ogallala coming down
the line In > the wind. If we can't trap
lt-here, ifir knock 59 into kindling
wood. Turn the boys loose, Ed, and
save 'the passenger train.. Boys, show
the. man and "square yourselves right
now.' I" don't know what you're here
for, but I. believe It's to . save 69. Will
you, help ?'! • : - •
The three men sprang to their feet;
Ed Banks slipped the handcuffs off in
a' trice., /."Never mind the rest of it.
Save the » passenger train first." he
roared, i Everybody, from Ogallala to
Omaha knew. Ed Banks.
¦'.' Which way.? , How?" cried the cow
boy s, ¦ in * a ' lather of • excitement.
-; ; Harvey -x Reynolds,-.: beckoning as he
ran, •¦ rushed out the door and up the
track, his posse at his heels, stumbling
into the gale like lunatics. '
"Smash in the toolhouse door," pant
ed Harvey as they neared it.
Ed Banks seized the ax from his
han.'s and took command as naturally
The worlds flew off his fingers like
sparks, and another message crowded
the wire behind it:
"To Agent: Go to east switch; open
and set for passing track. Flag 59
and run her on siding. If can't get
59 into the clear ditch the runaways.
"BUCKS."
would be together. Could he save the
passenger? Callahan didn't believe it.
A sharp, quick call brought Griffin.
We had one of the brightest lads on
the whole division at Griffin. Calla
han, listening, heard Griffin answer.
Bucks rattled a question. How the
heart hangs on the faint, uncertain
tick of a sounder when human lives
hang on It!
"Where are your section men?" ask
ed Bucks.
"In bed at the section-house."
"Who's with you?"
"Night agent. Sheriff -with two cow
boy prisoners waiting to take 59." ;
Before the last word came Bucks was
back at him:
"To Operator: Ask Sheriff release
his prisoners to save passenger train.
Go together to west swltchhouse track;
open and set it. Smash in section tool
house; get tools. Go to point of house
track curve; cut the rails and point
them to send runaway train from Oga
lalla over the bluff into the river.
S ,"BUCKS."
with the word. Bucks boarded four
blocks away. Callahan, slamming down
the window, took the key and began
calling Rowe. Howe is the first station
east of Jackson; it was now the first
point at which the runaway coal train
could beheaded. ;
"R-o R-o," he rattled. The operator
must have been sitting on the wire, for
he answered at once. As fast as Calla
han's fingers could talk he told Rowe
the story and gave him orders to get
the night agent, who, he knew, must
be down to sell tickets for 69, and pile
all the ties they could gather across the
track to derail the runaway train.
Then he began thumping for Kolar, the
next station east of Rowe, and the sec
ond ahead of the runaways. He pound
ed and pounded, and when the man at
Kolar answered, Callahan could have
sworn he had been asleep — just from
the way he talked. Does It seem
strange? , There are many strange
things about a dispatcher's .senses.
"Send your night man to west switch
house-track and open for runaway
train. Set brakes hard on your empties
on siding, to spill runaways If possible.
Do anything and everything to keep
them from getting by you. Work
quick."
Behind. Kolar's O. K. came a frantic
call from Rowe. "Runaways passed
here like a streak. Knocked the ties
into toothpicks. Couldn't head them."
Callahan didn't wait to hear any
more. He only wiped the sweat from
his face. . It seemed forever before Ko
lar spoke again. Then it was only to
say: "Runaways went by here before
night man could' get to switch' and
open it."" ;
Would Bucks never come? And if he
did come, .what on earth could -stop the
runaway train now? They were head
ing Into the worst grade on the west
end. It averages one per cent from
Kolar to Grifflti, and there we get down
off the Cheyenne Hills with a long re
verse curve and drop into the canyon of
the Blackwood with a I three' per- cent
graded ; Callahan, almost beslde.him
self, threw open a . north ¦ window to
look for Bucks. Two men .we're flying
down; Main street toward the station.
He knew them; It was Ole and Bucks.
But Bucks! Never before '¦¦ or since
was seen 'on a street of McCloud such
a figure as 'Bucks— in his trouaers and
slippers, with his night shirt free as
he ; sailed j down the . wind, j .- In ¦[ another
instant he was bounding up the stairs.
Callahantold him. > , ' >'
• VWhat have ,you done?'\he panted,
throwing himself. Into the chair. Cal
lahan told him. Bucks 'held ¦ his , head
In his hands while .the boy talked. \ He.
turried^to'the sheet— asked quick for 59.:
v r She's out of Callendar/ $ I tried hard
to stop her. I didn't lose a second; she
was; gone.".; ¦,.¦_¦"."¦ •'•*._ - >*£"£¦; ' / , ¦'¦;;¦ r :
.- Barely an . instant Bucks . studied. the
sheet. Routed^ out of - a' sound sleep
after an eight-hour trick, and on such
a night; by such a message— the mar
vel was he could think at all, much
less ¦ set a trap which should save 59.
In {twenty minutes from, the time
Bucks ' took the ; key the two trains
He came up to the dispatcher's of
fice and sat down. Callahan wondered
why he didn't so home and to bed; but
and 59 moved out stealthily, evenly, re-
Flstlessly. into the teeth of the night.
In another minute only her red lamps
gleamed up the yard. One man still on
the platform watched them recede; it
was Bucks. ¦ '
The engineer swung out of his cab
with the silence of an abused man. His
eyea were full of soda, his cars full of
nand, his mustache full of burrs and his
whiskers full of tumble weeds. The
conductor and the brakemen climbed
sullenly down, and baggageman shoved
open his door and elammed a trunk
out on the platform without a pretense
of sympathy. Then the outgoing crew
climbed aboard, and in a hurry. The
conductor-elect ran downstairs from
the register and pulled his cap down
hard before he pushed ahead against
the wind to give the engineer his copy
of the orders as the new engine was
coupled up. The fireman pulled the can
vas Jealously around the cab end. The
brakeman ran hurriedly back to exam
ine the air connections and gave his
signal to the conductor; the conductor
gave his to the engineer. There were
two Ebort. choppy snorts from the 101,
; No. £9, the California express, was
late that night. All the way up the
valley the wind caught her quartering.
Really, the marvel is that out there on
the plains such storms didn't blow our
toy engines clear off the rails; for that
matter, they might as well have taken
the rails, too, forgone of. them went
over sixty pounds. No. 59 was due at
11 o'clock; it was 12:30 when she pulled
in, and on Callahan's trick. But Bucks
hung around the office until she stag
gered uz> under the streaked moonlight,
as frowsy a looking train as ever
choked on alkali.
There was always a crowd down at
the station to meet 53. She was the big
arrival of the day at McCloud, even if
Fhe didn't get in until 11 o'clock at
night. She brought the mail and the
express and the landseekers and the
traveling men and the strangers gen
erally; no the McCloud livery men and
hotel runners and prominent citizens
and prominent loafers and the city
marshal usually came down to meet
her. Hut it was not so that night. The
platform v.-as bare. Not even the hardy
chief of police, who was town watch
and city marshal all combined, ven
tured out.
Bucks was assistant superintendent
and master mechanic and train mas
t*r ar.d chief dispatcher and storekeep
er — and a bully good fellow. There were
Forae boys in the service; among them,
Callthan. Callahan was seventeen,
with hair like a sunset, and a mind
quick as an airbrake. It was his first
year at the key. and he had a night
trick under Bucks.
"Three hundred thousand dollars is
a good deal of money, Callahan," I ob
jected.
"Figure it out yourself. To begin
with, fifty passengers' lives — that's
JauOO apiece, isn't it'.'" Callahan had
a cold-blooded way of figuring a pas
senger's life from the company stand
point. "It would have killed over
fifty passengers if the runaway had
ever struck 69." There wouldn't have
been enough left of 59 to make a de
cent funeral. Then the equipment, at
lea'st $50,000. But there was a whole
lot more than ?300,000 in it for
Buck*."
"How so?"
"He told me or.ee that If he hadn't
paved 59 that night tie would never
have signed a.nother order anywhere
on any road."
tkyy
Why? Because, after it was all over,
he found out that his own mother was
aboard 69. r.»idn*t you ever hear that?
W^l, sir. it was Christmas eve, and
the year was 1SS1."
Christmas eve everywhere; but on
the West End it was Just plain De
cember -4.
"•High winds will prevail for ensuing
twenty-four hours. Station agents will
use ftxtra care to secure cars on eid
injrs; brake-men must use care to avoid
being blown from moving trains."
That is about all Bucks said in his
bulletins that evening; not a word
about Christmas or M<:rry Christmas.
In fact, if Christmas had come to Me-
Cloud that night they couldn't have
held it twenty-four minutes, much less
twenty-four hours; the wind was too
high. All the week, all the day, all the
night it had blown — a December wind;
drj as an August noon, bitter as pow
dered ice. It was in the early days 'of
/nir Western railroading, when we had
only one fast train cm the schedule — the
St. Louis-California express; and the
only fast engine on the division — the
301; and only one man on the •whole
West End— Bucks.
Now, I myself never knew Bucks.
He -left the West End before I went
on. • Bucks is second vice president —
which means the boss — of a transcon
tinental line now, and a very great
swell. But no man from the West
End* who calls on Bucks has to wait
for an audience, though bigger men
do. They talk of him out there yet.
r>iot of General Superintendent Bucks,
which he came- to be, nor of General
Manager Bucks. On the West End
he is Just plain Bucks; but Bucks on
the West End means a whole lot.
"He saved the company $300,000
that night the Ogalalla train ran
sway," mused 'Callahan. Callahan
himself is assistant superintendent
When the multitude of orders was
out of the way Bucks wired Ed Banks
to bring his cowboys down to Mo-
Cloud on CO. Sixty was the eastbound
passenger due at McCloud at 5:30 a.
m. It turned out that the cowboys
had been arrested for lassoing a Nor*
weglan homesteader, who had cut
their wire. It was not a heinous of
fense and after It was straightened out
by the Intervention of Bucks— who
was the whole thing then— they were
given Jobs lassoing sugar barrels In
the train service. One of them, the
tall fellow. Is a' passenger conductor
on the high line. yet.
It was 3 o'clock that morning— the
25th of December In small letters, on
the West End — before they got things
decently straightened out; there was
so much to do— orders to make and
reports to take. Trucks, still on the
key in his flowing robes and tumbling
hair, sent and took them all. , Then
he turned the seat over to Callahan
and, getting up for the first time In
two hours, dropped Into another
chair.
The very first » thing Callahan re
ceived was* a personal from Pat Fran
cis, at Ogalalla," conductor of 69. It
was for Bucks:
"Tour mother Is aboard 59. She
was carried by McCloud in the Den
ver sleeper. ¦ Sending her back to you
on 60. Merry Christmas." f
It came off the wire fast. Callahan,
taking it, didn't think Bucks heard;
though. It's probable he did hear. Any
way Callahan threw the clip over to
ward him. with a laush.
"Look there, old man. There's your
mother coming, after all your kicking
—carried by on 59."
As the boy turned he saw the big
dispatcher's head sink between his
arms on the table. Callahan sprang
to his side; but Bucfcs had fainted.
It was easy after that. Griffin ia
the foot of the grade: from there on
the runaway train had a hill to climb.
Bucks had held 250, the local passen
ger, sidetracked at Davis, thirty miles
farther east. Sped by the wind, the
runaways passed Davis, though not at
half their highest spaed. An Instant
later 250's engine was cut loose and
started after them like a scared col
lie. Three miles east of Davis they
were overhauled by the light engine.
The fireman, Donahue, crawled out ot,
the cab window, along the footrall
and down on the pilot, caught the lad
der of the first car and. running up.'
crept along to the leader and began
setting brakes. , Ten minutes later,
they were brought back in triumph to
Davis.
But it is one thing to order a contact
opened, and another and very different
thing to open it, at two in the morning
on December twenty-fifth, by men who
know no more about track-cutting than
about logarithms. Side by side and
shoulder to shoulder the man of the
law and the men out of the law, the
roughrlders and the railroad boy, pried
and wrenched and clawed and strug
gled with the steel. While Harvey and
Banks clawed at the spikes the cow
boys wrestled with the nuts on the
bolts of the fish-plates. It was a baffle.
The nuts wouldn't twist, the spikes
stuck like piles, sweat covered the as
sailants, Harvey -went Into a frenzy.
"Boys, we must work faster." he cried,
tugging at the frosty spikes; but flesh
and blood could do no more.
"There they come — there's the run
away train — do you hear It? I'm going:
to open the switch, anyhow," Harvey
ihouted. starting up the track. "Save
yourselves."
. Heedless of the warning. Banks
struggled with the plate bolts in a
silent fury. Suddenly he sprang to his
feet. "Give me the maul!" he cried.
Raising the heavy tool like a tack
hammer he landed heavily on the- bolt
nuts; once, and again; and they flew
in a stream like bullets over the bluff.
The taller cowboy, bending close to his
knees, raised a yell. The plates had
given. Springing to the other rail.
Banks stripped the bolts even after the
mad train had shot into the gorge
above them. They drove the pick un
der the loosened steel and with a pry
that bent the claw bar and a yell that
reached Harvey, trembling at the
switch, they tore away tne stubborn
contact and pointed the rails over the
precipice.
The shriek of a locomotive whistle
cut the wind. Looking east, Harvey
had been watching 53's headlight. She
was pulling in on the siding. He still
held the switch open to send the run
aways into the trap Bucks had set. if
the passenger train failed to get Into
the clear; but there was a minute yet—
a bare sixty seconds — ana Harvey had
no idea of dumping ten thousand dol
lars' worth of equipment into the river
unless he had to.
Suddenly, up went the safety signals
from the east end. The 101 was cough
ing noisily up the passing track— the
line was clear. Banks and tho cow
boys, waiting breathless, saw Harvey
with a determined lurch close the main
line contact.
Iii the next breath the coalers, with
the sweep of the gale in their frightful
velocity, smashed over the switch and
on. A rattling, whirl of ballast and a
dizzy clatter cf ¦ noise, and before the
frightened crew of 59 could see what
«ras up against them the runaway
train was passed — gone!
"I wasn't going to stop here to
night," muttered the engineer, aa he
stood with the conductor over Harvey's
shoulder at the operator's desk a min
ute later and wiped the chill from his
forehead with a piece of waste; "We'd,
have met them in the canyon." ."•" -
Harvey was reporting to Bucks.
Callahan heard It coming. "Rails cut,
but 69 safe. Runaways went by here
fully seventy miles an hour." *,
as Dewey. -~
"Plck up that tie and ram her." he
cried, pointing to the door. "All to
gether—now."
Harvey and the cowboys splintered
the panel in a twinkling and Banks;
with a few clean strokes, cut an open-
Ing. The cowboys. Jumping together,
ran In and began fishing for tools in
the dark. One got hold of a wrench;
the other a pick. I Harvey causht up
a clawbar and Banks grabbed a spike
maul. In a bunch they ran for the point
of the curve on the house track. It
lies there close to the verse of a lime
stone bluff that looms up fifty feet
above the river.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI 1
7
BUCKSno_textno_textpressure If persevered In this treat
ment will surely produce the desired
results and a marked, improvement
will be noted at the end of a month
of faithful treatment.
SYSTEMATIC LABOR (Young
Housekeeper). — A maid, of average
ability should be able to do the house
work for a family of three In a clean,
orderly manner without friction, es
pecially when the home is supplied
with numerous labor-savins . conveni
ences. Do not, however, expect a
maid to sweep and scrub all day and
supplement the exertion by serving
a five-course company dinner at 7
o'clock, for one or both efforts will
result in failure, no matter how strong;
or willing- she may be. The average
general maid has a brain much Ilka
a machine: If kept in a regular gTOOv©
it works quite smoothly, but confuss
the routine and chaos results. Th«
source of most troubles in th« domes
tic household Is lack of system. If a
maid has a method of her own which
enables her to perform the required
services in a satisfactory manner, it
is usually wise not to Interfere with
her plans. If, however, she lacks sys
tem, have a friendly talk with her.
pointing out how the work may be
planned so that it may be done prop
erly, and leave her some time for rest
and enjoyment; if she Is a sensible
girl this will appeal to her and she
will likely fall Into your way of work-
Ing. After having decided upon a sys
tem which best accords with the
household insist upon each duty being
performed on the day allotted to it.
unless something quite unforeseen
occurs to prevent. If at any time ytru
are without a maid and must do your
own work apply this same plan to
yourself.
THE ART OF ENTERTAINING
(Social). — As the friend.^ you desire to
entertain are about equally divided
for and against card playing. I would
suggest that you send invitations to
those fond of whl3t, asking them to
an afternoon card party. Send caril-i
for an afternoon tea at 5 o'clock la
those who do not play. Should you
Invite them all for tho afternoon ami
attempt to provide two distinct forr,;-»
of amusement, which would clearly
indicate "a house divided against it
self," It would occasion considerable
awkward comment and more or 1:*^
embarrassment. We should always
remember that every one ha3 a P er --^
feet right to his or her own convi..^^:
tlons on this much-discussed subject ¦
and it would bo Ill-bred indeed to
force our own ideas on our gu^st*.
Further, the novice should not b3
urged to take part In a card gann;
unless entirely agreeable to the expert
players, for the beginner la chagrined
at the blunders, and the expert an
noyed. At a sr o'clock tea delicate
sandwiches and cake are served in
fcrmally to the guests. Do not at
tempt much In the way of entertain
ment.
TREATMENT OF FRECKLES (H.
L. • B.). — Of all facial blemishes
'reckles are the most obstinate to cope
Kith and are bete noire of the profes
sional beauty specialist as well as the
home practitioner. Usually they are
the remaining links of childhood and
will vanish, with increasing years.
During their existence eternal vigi
lance in the matter of diet, protection
from wind and sun. with frequent ap
plications of a mild acid lotion, will
materially assist in keeping them in
jSubJection. The tiny brown specks
are' caused by mlnuta particles of iron
in the blood which have worked their
way through the glands of the skin
and formed a deposit under tht sur
face \ they may be divided Into two
classes — constitutional or sun freckles
The former are usually quite dark
and cannot ba eradicated except by
heroic measures in the hands of a
skilled dermatologist; even then suc
cess does not always result. The usual
method of removing these blemishes is
to have the delicate tissues of the epi
dermic removed in layers by the appli
cation! of a caustic lotion, until the
offending spot is reached. This re
quires time and patience and during
the peeling process the skin is made
very rough. Sun freckles, disappear
almost entirely after a few days in
the shade, but are again brought out
give a pleasing contrast to an other
wise somber outfit.
THIC3K LIPS AND NERVOUSNESS
(Eloise). — I know of no remedy for
reducing constitutionally thjck lips.
All that can be done. is to keep them
smooth and avoid doing anything that
may Increase their size. If the thick
ness is the result of some habit, stop
it at once and in time the lips may
assume their normal shape; for ex
ample, avoid any disposition toward
Answers to
Correspondents
oy exposure to wind ana sun. An ex
cellent, harmless lotion which may be
applied dally and which is very effica
cious In ordinary cases is composed of
one-half pint of rosewater, one table
spoonful of lemon Juice. and half an
ounce of powdered alum. Powerful
bleaches are not advisable in the
hands of amateurs.
BEAUTIFYING THE ARMS
(Ellen).— Ugly, thin arms may be
readily developed and^the rough skin
rendered beautiful by extremely good
care in the matter of bathing, together
with the wise application of a pure
skin food, accompanied by systematic
massage. Do not be alarmed about
the rough condition of the skin at
the backs of the arms above y the
elbows; the pores are rather large on
this part of the arm, hence, the pre
disposition to coarsen if the regular
functions, are impaired, whether by ill
ness or general sluggish circulation.
The first thing 1 to do is to relieve the
congested, morbid condition of the en
larged pores;, a flesh brush Is an in
valuable aid in this work. Bathe the
arms* with hot water and then make
a lather of castlle or other bland soap
and then, with the brush or finger tips,
rub thoroughly into the pores. -Con
tinue" the gentle friction with the
lather for at least five minutes, then
wash away and rinse the arms with
cold .water, dry with. a soft absorbent
towel, rubbing briskly for five or ten
minutes^ ''but be carefui hot; to Irritate
the skin. Then anoint the arms with
a reliable skin food or with cocoa
butter; the latter is a most valuable
tonic for skin administration and is
used in the famous public baths in
large cities for the upbuilding of wast
ed, tissues. Rub into the skin as long
as it is absorbed readily, using a firm
GIRDLES AND BELTS (Mary K.
L.).— The high-boned girdle to match
contorting the. lips in conversation — ,
such mannerisms '•¦' are unpleasant to
witness and ruin the' contour of the
chin and nose as well as the lips. Bit
ing the lips, and especially the under
. lip.'Jwlth.a sucking . inward movement
is, the '.most', common cause of disfigure
ment among 1 adults as^well as among
children. Most people are quite un
conscious of the habit which is often
the result of -nervousness. Dab the
lips with a little, liquid". quinine to act
as a reminder- and thus assist .'in
breaking up vthe'hablt. Lips ".which
are very sensitive^ to wind and cold
must be anointed to prevent cracking,
but do not use a greasy lotion except
when absolutely necessary, and then
rub - on lightly. -The - frequent ,appli
catlbn of salves, oils, etc., thoroughly
rubbed Into .the : lips . acts precisely
like massage, building up the tissues,
thus producing undesirable size. An
excellent lotion consists of pure sweet
cream or equal parts of rose water
and glycerine, unless you happen 'to
be one of the people who cannot use
glycerine. ' ., ; ' - v
Lack of exercise^ and. "long hours
spent in hard, mental? work in, over
heated roonur isVprobably at the bot
tom L of ;¦ your trouble. To -I overcome
nervousness when no organic -disturb'-"
ance is, present,/ take .plenty of out
door., exercise^ -regularly— walking is
the. best form In which to take, such
exercise and is within the reach of all.
An hour spent in the open-air each
day will do much toward 'restoring
the fagged nerves, to normal condi
tions, provided, one's, food is plain and
nourishing and the sleeping-room.- well
ventilated at all times and at all sea
sons. • •¦ . .' ¦"¦Kiv-i?
the gown is the most fashionable waisx
completion of the season. When worn
by a tall, slender woman It is extreme
ly-Frenchy .and gives a wonderful
amount of style to the gown; on the
other :hand, it is a most unfortunate
choice for /women: of naturally short
waist line or those inclined to stout
ness, for the numerous short lines ex
aggerate every faulty curve of waist
and hips. "Know thyself" should be
the .watchword of every woman and
this is only possible by faithfully
studying -the .mirror; at times its re
flections will be anything but flatter
ing and, then, the wise woman wll!
know her limitations. The hig^h girdle
must be made with the utmost care
and the fit and boning be faultless to
insure that perfect adjustment so es
sentialto good style. No set rule can
be given as to materials, as its com
ponent parts V are almost invariably
the same as those of the gown- over
which "it. is worn., A girdle made of
folds of black silk'or ribbon boned to
hold it iri correct shape is useful to
wear with odd waists, but it should be
remembered .that unless the waist Is"
designed to be worn vfith a
high; girdle It ''Is apt to look Just" what
It* is: and I cause the girdle to be un
comfortably snug, worn over the many
gathers of the average blouse waist.
Belts jj are varied enough to^sult
the most exacting; there are wide ones
to delight the slender woman and nar
row ones to grace the woman of stout
form.. One of the prettiest designs of
the season is of plaited ribbon, trim
med with Jet or cut steel beads with
buckles to match or with buckjes in
dull .gilt, or.: silver. ¦ To wear:with the
trig walking suits are narrow belts of
colored enameled" leathers, bright red.
blue, golden brown, black, etc., which.
In the good old days, long since gone
by, she could wear almost any old
frock and cover It with an apron and
consider her attire suitable for work.
In fact, the main idea was to keep her
best clothes for nome use and to ap
pear at her employer's garbed in any
pown that would hold together and not
eppear positively shabby. Certainly no
cne In the office ever accused her of
Even then she had troubles, for shirt
waists only look smart when they are
•dainty and Immaculate, and then Ehe
discovered to her sorrow that more
than one waist had to be sent to the
laundry after wearing once, because of
Its soiled look, which contrasted sharp
ly with its otherwise fresh appearance.
That was entirely too much of a lux
ury, for the laundry bills increased .at
•m alarming rate, and such frequent
tubbings told seriously upon the fab
'rics. Then came Improvised paper cuffs,
which were always undone and a per
fect nuisance. Following in quick suc
cession were the tops of stockings and
finally straw sleeves, which were the
limit of hldeousneBs. Plainly something
must be done, for such an untidy speci
men of femininity could 'scarcely be
tolerated li\ a shipshape office.
The black sateen apron covered the
front of her gown, but failed utterly
to protect the waist or sleeves. Black
Bateen cuffs to match were straightway
xnade. but even this regalia was not up
to the mark and besides It was dis
tinctly homely and dull looking.
The crying need was an apron. Some
thing that would differ from the one
used by the waitress, by the nursemaid
cr the artist. Something that would
"be useful, yet picturesque, for the busi
ness girl of to-day knows full well that
it is to her advantage to appear fit,
but not overdressed.
This charming girl stands upon a pin
nacle of her own erecting. When she
)olne* the fraternity of bread winners
and took her place In a downtown of
fice, her first thought was how best to
lodk neat and nt. Frills and furbelows
.we're not to be considered a single in
stant, and the only costume that ap
pealed to her love of the eternal fitness
\>t things was the short skirt and trim
shirt waist.
("MHE apron girl is a new variety
I and. it must be confessed, a very
I charming one at that. She does
X not class herself with those who
fioa aprons as a badge of servitude;
but. on the other hand, she freely con
fesses belonging to that great guild
whose chief aim in Ufa Is in providing
bread and butter and occasionally a
little Jam.
The girl who dabbles in water and a
copying: r : ess does not need one that
hides every inch of her frock, so she
has improved upon the style adopted
by the waitress. A colored handker
chief, the largest size, to be sure, may
be converted into a chic little affair
that looks more tit for a tea. table than
a dingy office, but it is inexpensive
and launders nicely and., has been
chosen for its usefulness alone.
There are hosus of girls other than
stenographers who have hailed the
advent of the apron with delight.
There is the girl who ; teaches, the girl
in the photograph gallery, the girl in
the doctor's office and the girl in the
newspaper office. Each and every
one must keep neat and trim for call
ers and that is a difficult task, con
sidering the dust to which they are ex
posed. -It is easy, however, to stop
delving Into last year's negatives or
flies, put on an artistic grass cloth,
piped with red .or pink by . way , of
color, and be perfectly fresh; 'and
dainty when the visitor arrives," for
the most immaculate-girl in all Chris
tendom finds herself, at times, deep
in the depths of ancient history and
covered from head to toe with : the
dust of ages. . ..
It really Isn't -p.'; difficult matter to
keep the office generously supplied with
this fascinating accessory, . for every
girl can manage to keep a drawer in her
desk for her "linen chest," and with
little or no trouble see that iris filled
with freshly laundered ones, for aprons,
like all things linen, must be the, pink
of neatness, else they are worse than
none at all. ' • •> '
The girl who falls to see in a dainty,
bewitching apron an opportunity for
adding to her personal charms must be
nothing more or less than a dullard," in
deed. Many a man has been ensnared
in the muslin bow tied at the back of a
girl's waist, for there is something so
essentially womanly about the apron
that it Immediately suggests itself as
the banner of the home, and once
lodged, all the king's horses and all
the king's men couldn't set that idea
out of his head again.
but hemmed in a number of widths.
Stitching of this description is far
pret' r and shows to better advan
tage when mads in some' simple way
and no style lends itself better than
the tight-fitting Princess. This apron,
by the way, is especially smart when
worn by a rtout girl, for It never fails
to show every line of her figure to the
best possible advantage.
1 /">f O many and so varied arc
j \o\ tl»c little perplexities that
', V J eater into almost every
> i*"""^ woman's life without find
in* satisfactory solution,
.snd so mauy and so unusual are
tht- k-ttcrs that are constantly
bring received from women
! who cannot find an answer, to
. £ their questions in any other
iraf, that The Sunday Call lias
established this page devoted
entirely and exclusively to
"What Women Want to Know,"
edited by Sladye Moore.
-Here ex cry trial or tribula
tion of the mind and heart can
. * be iKnired out in the full con
. sdousness that it will receive se
rious consideration — every
. question of fact or fiction, of
the home and all its manifold
lie* and tasks, of the inner sanc
tuary of a woman's life, finds
ready solution. Ladles, this page
Is all your very own. What
. would you?
Please address all comrau
• nitrations to Madge Moore, editor
"What Women Want to Know,"
Sunday Call. San Francisco.
Hemstitched aprons are al.vays
popular and becoming. And really
they are not such a trial to make, for
t' -»se days materials may be purchased
machine iitched; and, not only this,
White is always pretty, but unless
an office is well kept it is somewhat of
an extravagance. Dimity in pale pink,
blue and lavender made with a !>aby
waist and great bishop sleeves, finished
with a band of beading, if sweet and
pretty, but It Is not overly practical.
Office aprons really should be made of
a stout material that will tub and be
none the worse for it, and while deli
cately colored dimities and lawns are
pretty they do not wear as well as per
cales, India llnons and even prints.
Calico Is . not to be despised these
days, for there is such an endless va
riety that the practical girl may appear
to quite as good advantage as her
more flowery sister. A peculiar shade
6f blue, with a dash of white, looks
well, and the apron may be made
by goring the front breadth, insert-
Ing the gores to give width at the
bottom. The apron is not sewed up all
the way, and the sleeves may be put
In the space left for them In the seams.
Ruffles may be added and finished with
a tiny white braid, but really they are
neater and more comfortable when en
tirely devoid of trimmings of any kind
or description.
Another apron that Is particularly
fetching for the stenographer who
daily comes In contact with Inks Is
made of a good quality of percaline.
It is light weight and looks very much
like moire silk, which are good points
In its favor. The slender girl runs a
number of lengthwise tucks in the
waist, letting them out here and there
to give her a round effect. The
strings, which are rather short, are
inserted at the waist line on either
side, and this in itself brings the apron
well in at the back. The ruffles, pock
et and ties are pretty if briar stitched,
which, by the way, is the latest im
provement on old fashioned feather
stitching.
Black India silk and pongee make
eoft, clinging aprons, which are not
only picturesque, but decidedly useful
as well. The girl who has plenty of
time and who cares enough for her
personal appearance may make a
charming one by fagoting the deep
flounce at the bottom, the ruffles at
the neck, at the wrist and on the
pocket Then In order to make it
more fetching she may catch the ties
just a little above the waist line in
front and bring them' to the ."back*
empire fashion, in a big bow with long
ends. Perhaps It is the bows that fly
about in such a saucy. Impertinent
way and perhaps it is the artless baby
effect that catches the eye of every
man that sees it, but whatever it is,
it not only catches his eye, but holds
it as welL
Then, tco, the girl who is compelled
to live at the end of nowhere, fre
quently is obliged to dre?s in the morn
ing for come evening recreation and
she finds th: all engulfing- apron a
blessing:, indeed. And for two reasons:
She does not consider it her bounden
duty to announce to every one 5n the
office that she is dining downtown pre
paratory to BOln's to the theater,
neither does she care to have comment
made upon her rather elaborate at
tJre. so she slips in quietly, changes
her long coat for a dimity covering and
no one is ever the wir;?r.
Not. so the girl of 1C04. She dresses
neatly and prettily and as she has
discovered that desk .work not only
colls but wears quickly, she has wel
comed her .big apron,'., not as a badge,
but as a protector for the 'dainty frpek
underneath, which she knows full well
will last just twice as long for this
precaution.
extravagance, neither did they give her
a second glance, and she was soon
looked upon as a mere machine, useful
or otherwise, as the case might be. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
10
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A BEAUTIFUL
WOMAN
The thre* requisites of facial b— aty arw
pounded features, absence- of wrlnklas and m
nil* complexion, and sb« Is a wIj* woman.
blessed with these favors, who will strivti
by every^xaeana to preserve, or. If lost, re-
store them.
Dr. Charte* Flesh Food, ta* greatest of
fcf autlflers t»-4ay. Is the resell tt years oS
ttudy and experience by Dr. C&axle*. a.
pbysloiaa of high standing la his profession. 1
and his preparation is th« only on» In th«
world recogalxtd and Indorsed bjr the medW
pal fraternity. It Is positively tht only)
preparation knotm to science which with-
out the use of medicines and tonics will
h>und out the hollowed, thin che«i or
scrawny neck with firm, healthy flash. For
removing; wrinkles from tho face, oeck and)
hands it acts like magic— one application
often showing a deddad Improvement, t—
pedally when the furrow U deep.
*" For dereloplng the best or to make that
breast firm, large and beautiful, nothing*
lean equal It. To prevent th« breast from
shrinking, mothers should always us* Dr.
Charles Flesh Food after weaning baby. It
will also restore a bosom to Its natural corW
toar and heanty lost. through this caose. '
We earnestly warn ladies to avoid rot*
¦titntes of Dr. Charles Flesh Food. Re*
that the name and portrait of Dr. Charleti
Is on the box before yosahaslac We also
warn ladles not to as* aay other cream oni
the face, as Dr. Chart**' Flesh Food Is guar-
anteed not to promote the growth of hair:
On sal* at all the principal Department
Stores and Drngglsts.
SPECIAL OFFER-?* £«£
iof Dr Charles Flesh Food Is $1.00 a box. but
to Introduce It Into thousands of naw homes
Its proprietors har* decided to send two (2>
boxes to all who answer this advertisement;
and send them 51.00. All packages axe wva.%
In plain wrapper, postage prepaid.
FREE A • im i> 1 * hox— Just enough to
convince you of the great
merit of Dr. Charles Flesh Food— will b/i
sent free for 10 cents, which pays for cost!
of mailing. W* will also send you our;
Illustrated book. "Art of Massage," whteht
contains all the proper movements for mas-
¦aging the face, neck and arms, and full
Directions for developing th* bust. Address
DR. CHARLES CO.. 108 Folios St.. Rsa YcriBional waist cleaner, as well as a trunk
packer,' but' I always get extra rates
fcr cleaning. I understand dry clean-
Ing and I can do a silk gown equal to
any professional.
"Making a trunk loo!: nice Is a dis
tinct art. I have packed a great many
trousseaus In trunks to be taken away
for an indefinite period. I don't sup-
"I take nice dresses and nice waists
and all sorts of nice dress belongings
and do them up In tissue paper. Then
I write on the outside the name of the
article within. Then I tie the whole
up with pretty satin ribbon.
"The appearance of a trunk Is a great
deal. I have a nice way with lingerie.
I take It In sets if there is time to sort
It out, and I do each set up in tissues.
If the sets are run with ribbons 'I se
lect tissue paper to match the ribbons.
One can tell then at a glance »th» kind
of lingerie that 13 inside.
"I work very quickly and I charge
$1 an hour. I can usually manage to
pack a trunk in an ¦ hour. • If I am
busy all day I earn eight or ten dol
lars, and this la enough for any girl.
Void *T*fTTg» as they sSterfd be failed
and you win find them in rood con
dition. That Is m sale rula far angr
packer to follow. , "¦"*
"The second rule Is to rae plenty of
stuffing. I used to staff with cotton,
but I find that rolls of tissue paper
are better. I take the papev and roll
it in long rolls. Then I take bunches
of the paper and use It freely. Hats
are kept in shape with tissue paper
rolled long and twisted around the
crown. The same with all the perish
able things of the wardrobe.
"Each pair of shoes ought to hav»
trees. But trees are not always pos
sible to obtain, so I fill shoes with
cotton or with sawdust bags. I take
a dozen of these of all sizes. They
are useful for clipping In the shoul
ders of coats. Trousers legs can be
folded and laid flat in the bottom of
a trunk, but when It comes to pack-
Ing a man's derbies and silk hats In
a trunk, with no hat box provided In
side, it takes all the skill of a profes
sional packer.
"I also make pads for hats, to slip
Inside the linings, and I make glove
sachets the size of lozenges and I per
fume hosiery and slippers. A trunk
packed by a professional packer Is •
dainty thing, Indeed. I have packed
trunks which, when opened, ameUed
like a bunch of violets.
"Trunk packing Is a nice occupation
when you have time to pack properly.
I stuff the bows of slippers with cot
ton and I run little rolls of paper la
under all ruchlngs to. keep them from
flattening. I place tissue paper under
all metal buttons so tlat they will
not crease the cloth and I place alt
small articles in boxes with a label on
top tglltns what Is inside the box.
"I don't think I would change my
profession for that of Queen of Ens
land. I love my work. I am Inde
pendent and I enjoy visiting nice
ho me a. Do I make money? "Well you
ought to see what I charge in cum
mer!"'
pose I need to be careful, for the bride
Is too blissfully happy to care how her
belongings are packed, but all the same
I take a great deal of pride In doing It
Just right. I make the trunk look
as pretty as I can, for the bride's many,
friends see it before she goes away.
"Patrons desiring their clothing
scented can be accommodated. I maks
dozens of sachet bags and I lay them
In between the waists and skirts. They
are of varying sizes and they run all
the way from a pad which is bix
enough to cover the bottom of a trunk
to small bags which can be scattered
through- the lids of trunks and through
suit cases.
packed It with Mr. Blank's belongings,
but before I did so I slipped out . the
letter. But what to do with It I did not
know. So, picking up Mrs. Blank's
nightrobe I put the letter in the sleeve.
I knew she would be sure to find It
i"After the trunks had gone she came
In the room in a great flurry. 'Did you
see a letter addressed to me?' asked
she.
"'Yes, madame,"* said I, 'and, think
ing you would want your mail as soon
as you reached your destination. I
slipped It Into the sleeve of your night
robe."
" 'Thank you and thank you again,'
eald she, but she looked at me narrowly
and paid me $10 extra.
"Dressmakers would like to get me to
pack the trunks which they ship to
their patrons. But they ask you to
work hard and they pay you very little
money. They are my worst customers.
I prefer to work for private parties.
"You probably heard of Mrs. Y.
She Is an ornament to Paris society,
to New York and in Chicago. I pack
ed her skirts last winter when she
was going away. 'My skirts fit me,*
said she. 'until they have been In a
trunk. After that they hitch up in
the middle of th« front and look aw
ful, especially my dress skirts.'
" 'That is because they are folded
down the middle of the front,* I re
plied. 'A lady's skirts should be fold
ed on each side of the front seam, but
never right in the middle of the front.
A fold In the front makes them hitch
up/
"Learning how to fold Is the im
portant thing about trunk packing.
every chi'd should avoid. Such a child
Is evidently almost entirely lacking in
those mental powers which every child
should Dossess.
Children have many different kinds
of fears. Some are governed more by
one bind, and others by entirely differ
ent kinds. Some have reasonable fears,
others have unreasonable fears. The
sensible child will ' fear the • fire * which
has burned him, or anything else which
has Injured him In any way. If talked
with and shown that at a certain dis-
tance,. and under certain conditions,
no unpleasant consequences will follow,
it-is quite easy to train him to be no
more ; fearful - than • he should . be.
A great many of the child's fears
are the natural result of a vivid imag
ination, which has been '. unduly stimu
lated by • senseless | stories of nurse t or
parent. Of all fears . these \ should be
dealt with most tenderly. .
The , children of nervous tempera
ments are | generally ¦¦ those most sensi
tive to such fears. Many of them suf-
fer almost dally. and nightly such an
guish as would drive their parents
Into Insanity. Greatly are such chil
dren to be pitied if their parents, be
cause of real, acquired or pretended
lack | of fear, have no sympathy with
these fears.
There is no use telling children that
they are unreasonable.
How terribly many children suffer
from . the awful dreams which awaken
them from the, deepest sleep! Indeed,
it is hardly possible for us to sympa-
Wm.J. Shearer's ThirtietKTalR to Parents
thize with such if we should. What
parent cannot remember some terrible
dreams which -unnerved him, even
after he was old enough to know that
so far as Is known there was absolute
ly nothing in dreams? Surely such a
parent should be most patient with the
fearful apparitions which are intensely
real to every, child.
Many a child has been Injured for
life and condemned..to become a nerv
ous wreck because^of the parents' dis
regard of these fears of imagination
which run riot when we are asleep
and Judgment is off guard. Like the
Insane person, the child in his sleep,
to a certain extent, sees the images as
if they were real. In too many cases
the exciting, arid terrible stories told
by parents to their children are the
direct cause of many of the worst
dreams of children.
Some parents have never given any
consideration to -'the claims of their
children when they are about to retire
for the night. Is this not. a mistake? It
may be argued that children should
learn to go to bed when they are told
and to go to sleep promptly. Let It be
acknowledged that this is the case.
The fact remains that there -are times
when they cannot do so. Often young
children will lie for hours thinking cf
hobgoblins and a hundred other things
which excite and scare- them. If re
ports can be believed, many time*
thoughtless or selfish parent! and
nurses try to scare children to sleep
by telling them terrible stories of what
may happen if they do not go to sleep
at once. Such treatment Is barbarous,
and, if It cannot be stopped In some
better way. It Justifies attention from
the Society for the Prevention of Crual
ty to Children. f •
Surely if there fa on a time that a
child should hear only kind, quieting
words, it is when it Is about to go
to bed. The last -thoughts before go-
Ing asleep are likely to be the ones
which not only determine the kind of
rest the child will get, but even the
character of the child in the future.
If you have kind words of approval,
give them now. See that, except In
extreme cases, the nervous child Is not
put to bed with harshness. The hour
before going to bed will be remembered
long after others have been forgotten.
If you no longer stop to give a kiss
to your boy or girl after he or the is
in bed or ready for bed, do not wonder
that that child is getting to think less
of the blessings of home.
With such something is radically
wrong. While it is not expected or
best that all should be as fearful as
are those who have lively imagina
tions and sensitive emotion, yet is is
best that children should have some
fear. If they have not, at every turn
they -will be meeting with accidents
which most children* would avoid. Chil
dren who have no fear would not hesi
tate to go near many places 'which
Sometimes innocent children are
brutally whipped for the purpose of
making them less fearful. From what
has been said upon the emotions and
the imagination of children It will be
seen that no treatment could be more
unwise. Surely the time has come
when those having the managing of
children should have some idea of the
significance of childish fear. All should
see clearly that it is not cowardice,
and that the child may really be braver
than the man who fears death In the
front line of battle, and yet be fearful.
Fear is the perception of danger. Cow
ardice is being afraid to brave the
danger.
Some children seem to fear nothing.
It is of treat importance that the
fears of children be dealt with in great
tenderness and with much considera
tion. Yet, how often the thoughtless
parent makes then a subject of ridi
cule.
•* "T EARLY If not all children quite
/\ I early show signs of fear. How-
I N ever, the very young child prob-
V^ ably has no fear whatever. Such
a child^2oes not hesitate to go Into al
rhost every kind of danger. That such
Is the case most will admit.
**" The more nervous a child is the
more fearful he is likely to be as he
gets older: however, If proper care is
taken fears may be prevented from
gaining more than temporary control
over children. If not dealt with proper
ly they may injuriously affect them all
through their lives. Foolish the parent
who thinks that fears are the signs of
weakness. They should be considered
as the natural result of living in the
world of imagination in which the child
exists. A* 6uch they will hold sway
over the child's mind until developing
reason and careful treatment remove
the causes.
"Well, she sent for me two weeks
ago, a hurry call, to come and unpack
her wardrobe. Her trunks had been
packed at Palm Beach, and, now, she
was back in town for a few days, she
wanted the things taken out. She had
no maid. Well, when I opened her
trunks I saw a little stain upon a shirt
waist on top. And I knew what this
meant. I called her in.
" 'Mrs. B..' said I. 'there is a spilled
bottle of cologne in you/ trunk."
" 'Impossible,' said she, looking
ready to flsM. 'for I had my trunks
packed by a professional trunk
packer.'
" 'Very well,' I said, 'but wait until
I show you.'
"Carefully I went down, lifting up
the 6oa.. »d garments until I came to
a bottle of toilet water with a crack
In the side, through which a pint of
violet-colored cologn" had leaked out.
" 'Oh, my dresses.' said Mrs. B.. and
down she sat and cried.
"Wei!, of course. I went to work and
cleaned the waists, for which. I charged
a good round price. I am a profes-
valets who do not know how to fold
a gentleman's clothing. But a great
many men, even rich men, do not keep
a valet. And these are the times wnen
I am called upon to fold men's cloth
ing. I found one woman hysterical
because she could not fold her hus
band's trousers. t
"Th:re is a clear little Dresden
china lady In society. She dresses a
great deal and lives In high style. She
is one of the best patrons I ever had,
but I would rather do without her
fee than pack her trunks for her.
• "I had a hurry call last night to go
over to a handsome apartment on
Fifth avenue. The woman wanted
VI begin by numbering the trunks.
Then I number the pages in my book.
And, as I pack the trunks, I make a
list upon the pages of the articles that
have gone into the trunk. When she
arrives at her destination my lady can
give the memorandum to her maid, who
will be able easily to find anything
ehe wants.
"Well, I worked as hard as ever I
could. At noon the maids brought me
eggnog and other drinkables, for I
had no time to stop and eat; and by
4 o'clock I had most of the trunks
packed.
"My plan Is to do the most difficult
trunks first. I take the thousand dol
lar gowns and pack, them In tissue
paper to match the gown. This Is to
avcid rpotting or crocking off. There
ese certain very delicate fabrics which
will show discoloration If wrapped up
In colored tissue paper.
"1 take with me several rolls of cot
ton, some tissue paper of air colors,
yerfis and yards of narrow satin rib
bon and two dozen paper boxes of all
eizes. I also take with me a Email
memorandum book.
"The trunks were large and were to
go to three destinations. Six were for
the mountains where my fine lady was
to etay ten days, six were to be divided
between two country houses, and the
rest were to go to Newport. All mutt
be packed at once, as the house was to
be closed.
upon my task. And It was no light
one.
"I made my first hit folding men's
clothes. This is a trick that has been
learned by very few people. There are
"I like best of all to pack shirt
waists upon wire frames. I take a set
of hangers and attach them to a pole.
Then I hang shirt waists over them.
Then I stuff the sleeves and the bust
with tissue paper, and, finally, I put
in a few saftty pins to keep all firm.
The waists look funny all stuffed and
hanging in a row upon a pole. Then
I take them down and pile them into
a trunk, with plenty of tissue paper
in between. They take up more room
this way, but it is the only way to
keen them nice.
"I like the trunks with com
partments, and when a trunk has
nothing of that kind but . is an old
fashioned hollow trunk with a tray.
I usually go to work and- make com
partments. With a little tack hammer
I tack stiff paper boxes to the sides
and into these I place the frail ar
ticles of neckwear such as the bows,
neckties, organdie waists and things
that cannot be crushed.
three trunks packed quickly. One
was for shirt waists, one was for Paris
gowns and one was for every day
dresses. 'But, madame,' I said, 'you
have no trunk fo,r negligees and small
articles/ I anally persuaded her to
borrow nn extra trunk for the gowns
of every day and by that time I had
all four trunks racked.
"Thai Is the trouble. They seldom
give you trunks enough. They expect
you to crowd everything into a trunk,
smashing It flat, and then they ex
pect to take the things out in good
shape.
"It was then 10 in the morning, and
within half as hour I had started is
" "There are twenty-seven." said she.
'and several boxes and! suit cases, and
the wagon is to call for them at 5
oVlock.'
" "I wart you to pack my trunks,'
eaid she, 'so I can catch the midnight
train.'
" 'How many trunks are there?' I
asked.
"I live in a cozy little apartment In
New York. There is a telephone on
my desk and all day long it goes tin
kle, tinkle. At first I used to enjoy
being called up. But now I often wish
It would step. I have all the work I
can do and I am getting rich.
"Last week my telephone rang one
day. It was the call of a well known
eociety leader whom I shall call Mrs.
A.
in Paris, and when Christmas time
ccir.es I take my vacation. People
ell go home to £:.en*l Christmas and
there is no trunk :«aekir.p a.t that time.
"Summer is :ny busy season. I go to
Newport and 1 am at my wit's end all
during July and August to find time to
eat. Then; are summers when 1 go
to Long Bsach and Saratoga and
then it is the same old story: 'Please
come and rack my trunk.* That is
all I hear from morning until night —
and all night, for my patrons leave it
until the last minute.
"1 don't yretend to stay In one spot.
I travel. "Winters I go south, summers
I go to Newport; oarJy rpring finds me
pampered d.irlings of fortune you have
£ot your hands full.
{ { T WENT Into trunk packing when
. I I was 18 years old and I have
J[ been ct it for three years.
"Three years Isn't a long time.
but It counts when you are bullied and
bcsrcd and worried e%-ery minute of
the lime. My patrons are all rich
v.orrcn. and when you deal with the
THE SAN .FRANCISCO; SUNDAY CALH
VI was called to a very swell house
the other day and I found a hand
some woman whom I recognized as
Mrs. Van D. 'You have never packed
trunks for me.' said she, 'and I would
like to try you. The trouble is with
my sleeve ruffles. No matter how they
put them in the trunk they come out
all crumpled.'
"'Like the cow with the crumpled
horn,' I suggested.
"She lifted her lorgnette at me. 'As
I was saying,' said she, 'my sleeve ruf
fles come ' out a sight. I want you to
pack them for me so they will be
fluffy.'
"She went on at some length, giving
me the impression that she did not care
what became of the rest of her ward
robe as long as her sleeve ruffle* were
not crushed.
"I nearly, got Into a scrape once, but
was caved partly by luck and partly
by my wits.
"My patroness, who was a society
woman, gave me a lot of, gowns to
pack. As usual it was the eleventh
hour and there was not a minute to
spare. Among the great confusion of
articles laid out upon the bed I noticed
a pile of stationery, and I saw a letter
¦ticking out of the sheets of paper. It
was a letter In a man's handwriting.
" Tut the stationery Into Mr. Blank's
trunk,' said she; 'there Is no room in
mint.'
"Bo I gathered up the stationery and
11
HOW TO PACK
A TRUNK
SORROWS AND FEARSComplaints of all nature come to
the Health Department. Photographs
sometimes . accompany the complaints
to prove beyond peradventure of a doubt
that the complaint is just. One 'man
sent samples of vermin captured in a
cheap lodging-house to prove that the
place was unfit for habitation. One
indignant citizen wanted -.a rooster re
moved because it crowed at the wrong
hour; another wanted cheese con
demned because the odor was jipt to
his liking; still another complained
against a house cat that held noctur
nal concerts outside his window," de-
pours coaloll over it and the grocer Is
warned to err no more.
At the present time the Health De
partment is gathering samples of
jellies, honey, vinegar, olive oil and
drugs for chemical analysis, and if the
goods 'do not come up to the standard
the balance of the stock is condemned.
This has its good effect Pure food is
what the people desire and It Is the
aim of the present Health Board to
see that they obtain that what they
pay for.
spite all efforts to shoo it off.
Scores of complaints of a just kind
come to the .office daily and these are
abated as quickly as possible. When
a complaint comes in, It is turned over
to the inspector V and he visits the
place, and if the nuisance is caused by
filthy premises orders the place to be
put in a. sanitary.. condition. If the
nuisance is caused by unsanitary
plumbing* the' complaint is turned
over to the plumbing department and
an expert visits the premises and
makes a careful investigation. Should
he find ft lack* of darinage
or a dozen and one * things
that may cause sickness, ascertains
the name of the owner of th,e prem
ises and a notice is sent him to begin
work immediately. Unfortunately
owners are slow to obey and a second
notice is sent. In the meantime the
occupant of the house' rails against
the Heaith Department for not doing
its duty,' • whereas the delay is actually
caused by the landlord's disinclina
tion to do the work. If. after the last
notice is sent and nothing is done, the
department has tne power to arrest
the owner for maintaining a nuisance.
The Police Court Judges usually up
hold the department, as they appre
ciate the necessity of sanitary plumb
ing.
The plumJbinsr department of the
Board of Health has supervision over
all buildings in course of erection or
repair. Before plumbing work can be
done on the building the master
plumber must go to the Health De
partment and secure the necessary
permit. If he fails so to do and does
the work not according to lawful re
quirements Is liable to arrest and can
be compelled to tear out all faulty
plumbing and do the work over again.
No one has the right to do plumbing
unless he ha.3 passed a proper exam
ination and is registered.
The Board of Health has inaugu
rated a system of daily school inspec
tion that promises magnificent results.
Physicians have been assigned to the
various schools of this city and dally
examine children who are suffering
from "all the ills that flesh is heir
to." If a child has tonsllltis, whoop-
Ingr cough or unsightly sores on the
face or hands or has any contagious or
infectious disease, he or she is sent
home for proper treatment. The doc
tor gives the pupil a printed blank on
which he has written what ails the
scholar and also advises the parents
to consult the family physician. When
the latter signs the card stating the
child has recovered and Is fit to return
to school the pupil is allowed to re
join the class. This system is work
ing great good. Incipient cases of
diphtheria have thus been discovered
and the danger of a spread of a con
tagious disease passed, as the system
of inspection is very rigid.
If a child has suffered from a con
tagious disease and desires to return
to school, he or she must apply to the
Health Office for a permit and this
is handed the principal, who allows
the child to resume study.
The Board of Health is actively en
gaged in a campaign against unsanl
tation. Barber shops will soon be
compelled to exercise creater caution
in handling cups, brushes, razors and
other appliances used in tonsorial
work. The danger of infection
through the use of articles that have
not been properly sterilized ia appa
rent to all. Rules and regulations for
their guidance are being prepared and
will be placed in* every barber shop.
paste are placed on boards in the
sewers of the city and the rodents
are dying in great numbers. Cubes of
bread covered with Pasteur virus, a
poison that Is harmless to human be
ings or animals other than rats, are
being spread over Chinatown and In
places where rodents are plentiful,
and the Health Department is pleased
to report that hundreds of rats are
being destroyed. N
It is, therefore, apparent that the
Health Department is keeping a
watchful eye on the sanitary condi
tions of this city. It can only do good
work through the co-operation of its
citizens. All nuisances should be re
ported to the Health Department,
either by letter or telephone, and it
will be the aim of the department to
see to it that they are abated.
and It la earnestly hoped that citizens
will assist the board In th* enforce
ment of these rules. Ths telephone
company has been appealed to to
place sanitary mouth-plecas over their
telephones to prevent the spread of
disease. Bacteriological examinations
of phones have shown the presence of
diphtheritic and tubercular germs and
the danger of contracting these germ*
Is great In case the public phones ara
not properly protected. The Health
Officer has ordered all lung testing
machines taken out of tha so-callad
"penny arcades^" on account of tha
danger of contracting contagious dis
eases. The streetcar companies and
tha railroads are dlsinfectinr their
cars under the direction of tha Health
Officer, expectoration on streets is
ilso prohibited and tha Chief of Pollea
is enforcing the ordinance.
Chinatown is being placed In a sani
tary condition. This reeking quarter
Is cleaner and healthier than ever be
fore in its history. The Board of
Health has a wrecking crew and dls-
Infectors In the Celestial quarter and
these men are actively engaged In
tearing out areas, pulling down rotten
walls and forcing the owners to clean
up their cellars. The board has ths
power to force the owners to vacate
the premises and place them in proper
condition. The owners complain, but
their protests are unheeded, as tha
health of the community is at stake.
The Chinese live in squalor and seem
to thrive, but the danger of the spread
of contagious disease Is too great and
the Health Inspectors are constantly
on the alert to prevent a violation of
the sanitary laws.
It Is & well-known fact that rats
spread disease and a crusade against
the rodents Is also In progress. Dainty
rare-bits coated with phosphorized
supervision by the Health Department.
In order that milk may be sold, a per
mit must be secured. This costs noth
ing-, but to soil lacteal fluid without *a
Permit makes the proprietor amenable
to the law. Inspectors visit groceries
and delicatessen • stores and depots
where milk is sold and bring in sam
ples. Sellers are warned to shake
their cans each time before selling
milk, so that the butter fats in milk,
which give sustenance to the body, are
properly distributed. If this was not
done /he first buyer would receive all
the cream and the next customer would
only obtain skimmed milk. -
Every particle of meat that comes
from the slaughter-houses inButcher
town is examined by an expert of the
Health Department. If he finds that
the carcass Is diseased or unfit for
human consumption, he is given the
power to condemn It and if an attempt
is made to dispose" of it the seller is
liable to arrest. These inspectors are
apprised by the wholesalers when
there will be a "killing" and on the
day set the officer visits .the-slaugh
ter-house and watches the killing with
a very critical eye. Tubercular cattle
are seized and condemned at once. As
a result of this watchfulness the meat
consumed in this city is W a high
quality.
Food inspectors go from stor* ,to
store and examine the products on
sale and when they find food unfit for
consumption they condemn It. Gro
cerymen are compelled to* keep their
places in. a sanitary condition. They
must of necessity do this, or lose their
customers. The inspector has the au
thority to go behind the counter and
examine the foodstuffs for sale or go
Into the, basement, where the stock Is j
stored, and If In his judgment the
article is unfit to eat, ' places a quar
antine label on the stuff and brings a
sample to the Industrial Chemist. If
the latter, after a careful analysis,
finds the fo'od unfit, the inspector
solution. This sheet must be Ions
enough to allow two or three inches
to lie on the ground. Select a room in
which the carpet may be easily re
moved: take down curtains, .draperies,
etc., remove ornaments and books;
exclude the domestic animals, in
cluding birds, elr.ee it ' has been
shown that these are liable to con
tract and carry the disease. If isola
tion Is to be effective, no person ex
cept the attendants should be allowed
to enter the room. These should wear
clothing that may be boiled in water.
The hands of the attendants should be
rinsed in a disinfecting fluid each time
the patient is handled, and in case of
diphtheria, if the patient coughs In thi
attendant's face, or carries any of the
discharges from the throat to the
hands of the attendant, these surfaces
must be thoroughly washed at once
with a disinfectant solution. The floor
of the sick room must not be swept
dry. We have learned %>l the dangers'
of dust, hence the rule should be to
mop or wash the floor, baseboards,
window sills and frames with clothes
•wrung out of the disinfecting fluid.
"All dishes, table utensils, etc., used
in the sick room must be placed in
boiling water or In disinfecting fluid
before being taken from the room.
Flowers brought to the patient ill from
contagious disease should not be per
mitted In the room. All discharges
from the l-outh and nose in diphtheria,
scarlet fever, membraneous croup,
measles or whooping cough should be
received upon pieces of old soft cotton
01 linen clothes and burned at once. A
cheap and effective cloth for all pur
poses in the sick room 13 the ordinary
cheesecloth, which may be sterilized
by simply boiling or by the addition to
the boiling water of some of the dis
infecting fluids."
It must be conceded *' all good cltl
rens that a better qua! y of milk is
r.ow being sold in this city than here
tofore. This is due to the crusade at
present waged by the Health Depart
ment. The ordinance of the city fath
ers provides that there must be three
and two-tenths butter fat in milk. If
after a chemical test the milk falls be
low this standard the dairyman or the
party selling the tame is liable to ar
rest and fine. At least a score of sam
ples are taken each day from milk
wagons by the milk and food inspec
tors of the Health Department. In each
Instance where a sample is taken from
a can, a like sample Is handed to the
driver, so that there may be no cause
for dispute. Both samples are sealed
and one is turned over to the Indus
trial Chemist, who makes what is
known os a Babcock test. As a rule
the butter fat in milk runs above the
standard set by the Supervisors, and
the dairyman Is unmolested. Should it
fall below a warrant is sworn out for
tha arrest if the milkman and he is
haled into the Police Court.
The Board of Health has recommend
ed to the Supervisors that they raise
the standard to three and a half and If
this is done the nubile will get a still
better quality of milk. .
All stores selling milk are subject to
Health Officer D. P. Ua^an. M. D..
has laid down the following rules to be
Applied in the household management
of contagious and infectious diseases:
"The patient. should be placed in a
room cpart from the" rooms occupied
Uy cthr-r members of the family. This
Is Isolation. All doors opening into the
I'StHfriit'K room should be covered with
* tbttt kept wet with a disinfecting
Kor the first time in the history of
the department steps are taken to pre
vent the spread of tu^-rculcr'? Should
a person suffering f om consumption
be r-jcoved from one place to another
or should succumb to the disease, the
room occupied by such patient is at
once dibinfected in the same manner
as above ttated. It is a well known
fact, which cannot be disputed, that
healthy people have *..itracted the
disease by occupying the »• .1 used hy
the- deceased years afterward.
The diseases In which quarantine are
enforced are chicken-pox, measles,
mumps, whooping-cough, scarlet fever,
diphtheria, typhoid fever, yellow fever,
typhus fever, plague, leprosy and
smallpox.
Whenever a person is affected with
cmall^ox or there is the least suspicion
that the patient is suffering from the
dread disease, the City Physician is im
mediately sent to the house and in
forms thfc oface when he verifies the re
port. A Tan Is sent from the smallpox
hocpital and the patient removed to
the hospital. The house Is then Im
mediately disinfected and whoever
hs* come In contact with the victim
Is crJy too willing to bare the arm
for the purpose of vaccination. Vac
cination Itself Is a great preventive of
this dreadful disease, as In most Jn
t-tancee those who have smallpox were
never vaccinated. Such vaccination
should be performed at least every
eeven years.
Under and by virtue of the ordin
ances of the city and county, physi
cians must report to the Health De
partment all contagious diseases. The
doctor notifies the office by letter or
trtephonu- and one of the corps of in
t; ecting phyecians \ is t3 the noire. anJ
verifying the report, quarantines the
premises. A placard warning the pub*
lie «•--• there Is eicknees in the house
is placed on the door t- d the house
holder is warned not to allow the chil
dren, if there are any, to return to
school until the danger period is v a s se< i.
In cases of diphtheria the physician
takes a swab, which is a piece of steril
ized cotton fastened to a piece of steril
ized wire, and sweeps the patient's
throat and at once inserts it into
a sterilized test tube, which is
closed by a piece of cotton and
this is at once sent to Dr. Can
ney, the city bacteriologist, who
makes a culture, and if he finds
the presence of diphtheritic germ or
bacillus, the patient is isolated during
the duration of the Illness. When the
patient is reported fully recovered by
the family physician the house is thor
oughly disinfected by employes of the
Board of Health, without cost to the
householder. Formalin is used and the
yepors arising from the heated fluid
fill the room with gases which destroy
ell germs that may be lurking In the
carpet, hangings, clothing or bedding
and even destroys flies and mosquitoes
that are In the room.
In order that the reader may better
appreciate what is being done to pre-
V^TVQ the health of the people, the fol
lov.ing facts are set forth:
The powers exercised by a Board of
Health are many fold and in the ex
excise of those powers, good Judgment
must be used. It is therefore the duty
oi the Health Officer, D. F. Ra?an. M.
L>., c? the executive officer of th*
hoard; to carry out th»> dictates of the
brard, and the results being achieved
proves his c-fflclency.
PROBABLY the most important
branch of a city's government i?
its Health Department. The
.health of its citizens must b
protected and in the preservation of
jLhe health of a community many
things must be accomplished. The
present Board of Health of San Fran
cisco. Is actively engaged in this dif
<icult task and during the short period
Jt has been in power, measures and
methods have been adopted that have
brought greater security to this grow
ing metropolis.
* With the crusade against adulterated
<ood # 6tufffs. Impure milk and unsanitary
plumbing; dcily school inspection and
abatement of nuisances, f board is
obtaining good results.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
12
PROTECTING THE PUBLIC HEALTHOn each fU or « ne may drink his beer
and liften to most beautiful music —
Wacner. Mozart. Strauss — music that
we cn]f hear at paid concerts. So it is
the recollections crowding round these
souvenirs that make them worth the
On the second fioor the man who is
in better cirtun.star.ces takes his fam
ily—to gossip abcut the theater, clubs
and wheat prices, while on the top
ficor the harpi'v rich, the exclusive
ones iv!th their small court talk, scan
dals end affairs of state are secluded.
By Irrr.a Linden Ti'den.
TEINS, steins everywhere — nh* 1
has not some steins these days?
.1^/ Valuable or cheap according to
. *. inclination and means. People
.. .• who hardly know* the taste ol
\ beer have extensive collections, r.iany
pf them very beautiful. From Munich
. ir.d Vienna and Dresden and Holland
they. come, from England and France.
"•Verywhere. and not the least attrac
tive from Massachusetts from the
£an«l» of. the Yankee, the beautiful
• G.-enby ware.
are the very f»w who can
rr.ake r i'grin-.apes to the very strons
, holds cf the steins and bring them
home c« trophies. There is always
• feme interesting experience, then, to
render them more precious.
"It is* so muth nicer," say the col
lectors, "'than souvenir spoons or cof
tee cups, because one gets them, gen
erally, from such queer places" — mean-
invariably beer halls of Germany.
Queer to us because their patrons num
obfr cuit'e as rr.ar.y of the fair sex as
their brothers.
* Rich and poor alike go to the tavern
arid drink the same beer, but cut of
The next time he sa-w it. five years
later, it was in the residence of one
of New York's wealthiest collectors,
Another man there is in town who
can tell a tale of a stein which he
wishes he had— Mr. Xavler S. Mar
tinez, the local artist and society man.
He was a student for many years in
Paris under the great painter Gerome.
A student episode of this time had to
do with one of the most famous steir.a
in America to-day.
It was during the Wagner operas at
Beyreuth that a party of students of
the Latin- Quarter decided to maka the
tear and take in the mu3ic of the
master. Fourteen of the boys, all of
them French except Mr. Martinez, who
was more than half French through
long association with the Parisians,
made the trip frcrn Paris to Beyreuth
afoot. It. was a long tramp, but walk
ing is cheaper than rail, even third
class, and money was scarce — as it al
ways Is in the Quartler -Latin.
Through the provinces of France to
the Belgium frontier, across into Hol
land to the North Sea, then the stu
dents hired a crazy craft that had
barely seaworthiness to cross the In
land sea, and mada the trip up the
Rhine to their stopping place.
Satiated with the magnificent music
of Wagner, they began making short
pedestrian tours to the neighboring
towns, and 'one day found themselves
in tha little city of Nuremberg, where
Albert Durer, famous in art as Wag
ner In music, was born and made his
name. A pilgrimage -»¦> hl3 birthplace
was the natural result of artistic en
thusiasm, and the subsequent visit to
the brewery for which the town is bet
ter known to the world at large, came
as naturally.
While the students were seated
around the old oak tables Xavier Mar
tinez' eye lighted upon a stein on the
wall that especially attracted his at
tention. It was a beautiful specimen
of ancient German workmanship, and
he. experienced in such matters, knew
that it was a product of the sixteenth
century.
Saying nothing to hia associates ha
waited his opportunity and drove a
neat bargain for its possession.
Throughout the subsequent tours of
the pedestrian Mr. Martinez carried
his treasure safely hidden beneath his
student cape and tot one of his com
panions knew that he possessed it.
From Nuremberg the party returned to
Paris by third class rail. Tired out. al
most exhausted by the long walks of
the previous few week3, Mr. .Martinez
sank into a deep sleep shortly after
the wheels of the train began moving
towards France. Several hours later,
when he aweke, the stein for which he
had sacrificed so much was gone.
Where he never knew.
Bides, she "looked so like our dear
queen," and Indeed, though this may
be the fact, it's Queen Welhelmlne who
must feel flattered.
Dr. Charles Levison oa Van Ness
avenue Is proud in the possession of
a stein which he values more than. Its
market value, even were its weight in
gold— for It was his friend and com
panion through Heidelberg— given to
him by a fag, a young man who was
at that time In the employ of our wiz
ard Edison and who was spending some
spare time perfecting himself in chem
istry at the German university.
Many were . the secrets which
changed hands over a genial midnight
glass. • Not a drop of beer can be
bought in the town after 12 o'clock, as
every Inn and shop are closed at that
hour.
The brother of the secretary to the
Minister, Stamboulof, boarded at th r
same house as Dr. Levison and ma:.y
a Bulgarian question of state was set
tled In consequence.
Suspended from pegs are the various
Bteins and tankards.
One beautiful design comes from
Budapest, another from Vienna, with
its striking coat of arms; another from
H&uXbrauhause, which was once a
romantic old castle now fallen from Its
high .estate to a mere beer hall, but
retained In its former splendor as
Broth' as possible. The coat of arms
*f the ancient aristocratic family em-
Jblazons the face of the stein.
From another deserted castle cornea
ft Bohemian tankard, which was once
used at the family boerd on state oc
casions.
Then there Is the little blue flelft,
email like Its home, dainty and or
namented with scenes of the sea— far
more expensive than any other stein
In the collection.
Next th?re is one from Nuremberg.
It plays a merry waltz when lifted to
the lips. "One never forgets the trip
to the brewery in that town," Miss
Crim reminisces. '"There are no at
tendants—the visitor takes his stein
down off the wall and placing a small
piece of money In a niche In the wall,
like, our nickel- Jn-the-slot, out flows tha
beer, cool, sharp — nectar. But one must
sit with skirts well off the floor, for if
one walks about it is to wads through
a sea of beer foam, at the peril of
one's shoes — such is Nuremberg.
Though this may sound strange It 13
quite the proper thing to make such a
pilgrimage."
In Berlin tbe stein heralds the coat of
arms of Pru?si?.. while from Dresden
there is another, in the beautiful Sax
onian colors, llctlock is the pottery
used in all the better steins, -which
corresponds to Ldmoge in china.
Another young lady who is the for
tunate possessor of a rare and beau
tiful collection Is Mrs. Glenn C. Barn-
Her eyes were looking forty miles
away again, and my eyes were looking
at Sylvia. The faintest line of color
showed in her rounded cheek, it
touched her dimpled curl above her
little ear. Sylvia turned to me with
the shyest of lights in her pansy eyes.
"There's another," she faltered.
Ah! I heard a rustling, under the
manzanita bush. I went down, and
threw a stone at it. When I went
back, I stood facing her.
"He is the seventh man. The an
cients thought there was luck in the
number seven: but you know the
stipulation— I must approve."
'."He is good, and he has honest
hazel eyes," she began slowly, "and a
splendid chin. He isn't poor, but I'd
rather take manzanita blossoms from
him.. If he could give me nothing else,
than to accept orchids from a prince.
I should rather live in that little two
roomed hou?e with him than with a
king In hi3 palace."
There was a rift in Sylvia's voice as
she finished.
"But he has never asked me to
marry him, and I guess he never will."
"He must be a darned fool then!"
I remarked savagely.
Sylvia laughed softly.
"That's one thing I didn't mention.
He is. But if he doesn't ask me to-
day. I am going to ask him. It's leap
year, you know. Why shouldn't I?
I wish, thousrh, he would ask me. I
should so much rather he would, dear
est.
The last word was whispered, but I
heard it.
"You can't mean me?" .1 croaked,
bewildered.
For answer. Sylvia left her throne
and came down to me. She pointed
the manzanita blossom toward the
Sacramento River, forty miles away.
" S'.-e, dear. The sun strikes the
river, and It looks like a band of gold.
It looks like—" she hid her face oa
my stupid shoulder, and my arms
closed around her. "It looks like a
wedding ring."
By Ina Wright Hanson.
-."T "rfVE climbed to the too of the
• \ A yhill. Sylvia and I. and sat
*Y Y down— she In the Queen's
chair, and I on a small rock
• at her feet. The Queen's
c^iair, so named by Sylvia, is a great,
'. white rock, naturally carved into
very fair semblance of a throne.
• Sylvia, her hand set proudly on her
' whit*?, full neck, makes a fitting queen.
; Sylvia's black-fringed, purple eyes
jvere quiet, her llf.le mouth had pen-
curves; ev c n her dimpled chin
" was not piquant as at some times, nor
deSiint as at others. Sylvia is essen
tially a creature of moods, and her old
• guarSian would not have her other
wise. A man, on!y yestf rday, was tell
iQg me ths beatitudes of his wlfe-to-
Jbe.
. Shv. is always the same," he bab
fcled. "One always knows how he
\rill find her. A v.oman like that i3 a
treasure hard to get."
I thought of Sylvia and smiled. It's
. because I never know how I am to find
her that she charms me. Sometimes
she in a gay little butterfly, flitting
from one flower of speech to another:
sometimes she is grave as a nun. I
hax-e learned though not to believe too
much in Srlvia. when she Is grave.
Sometimes the wildest of crimson
moodF originates in a drab one.
"Wfcet do you see. Sylvia?" I asked,
looking cp at the dreamy face.
"T>e FnrrpT^afn K!r«»f, fortv mflcs
He came to call on Kate the other day
when I was there. She was busy with
her piece work that she delights in so,
and was showing me a crazy-work
quilt that she had ready to put to
gether. George sat down on the floor
and laid the blocks as he thought they
ought to go. I don't .want to marry
George. He would be showing me how
to make the quilts his mother used to
piece."
"Joe Is truthful and manly," I said,
albeit grudgingly.
"Joe is a dear, but I am not good
enough to be a minister's wife.".
"Nonsense! You're too good for any.
man on earth!" I said sharply.
Sylvia smiled down upon me. When
Sylvia smiles with her purple eyes as
well as her red mouth it makes one
wish he were not getting gray over the
temples.
"Do you wish , to marry any of
them, guardie?"
"Something tightened in my throat,
but I spoke calmly, very calmly.
"Of course, your old guardian
doesn't want to lose you, but he Is
anxious for you to get your fortune,
and the time is very soon."
"Isn't there some other way?"Don*t
lawyers sometimes make loopholes, or
something?"
"They sometimes do," I answered.
"But they can't in this case. It's the
dogs or a . husband, Sylvia, in five
more days."
I smiled. "To found a Hospital for
the Cure and Maintenance of Infirm
Canines; and there are only five more
days."
"You left out something," she said,
taking up the flower again. • "You
must approve the marriage, and you
are a very, very distant relative."
"So distant that the relationship
wouldn't count if— I mean that even
this remote tie of blood makes me
take a great interest In your getting
your fortune. Haven't you chosen
ye**" [£¦$'
"I've had six •offers," she said frank
ly, "and refused three. There's now
left Tom and George and Joe," she
counted on her slender fingers. "Tom,
and George, and/joe! I can't marry
Tom, guardle. He tells such unreason
able stories. Why, he told me last
night that out in Iowa, or somewhere,
there was a cyclone which blew straws
from a strawstack right through stand
ing trees."
I grinned.
"But George and Joe don't exagger
"George is too — well — womanish.
his fortune becomes yours if you are
married on the fifteenth day of March,
1304."
"My twentieth birthday," murmured
Sylvia.
~If you are not married the money
goes—"
"To the dogs," laughed Sylvia.
"Your mother died at your birth,
your father a month later, leaving you
no relative in the -acrid but me. An
eccentric old man adopted yem be
cause he had once loved your mother,
s.nd he died when you were 10 years
old."
".".r.d you v.ere S5," interposed Syl
via.
"That dcesn't come Into the story."
I frowned. "This man appointed me
yenr guardian, and left a will by which
So, as one repeats a nursery rhyme
to the child who knows it, but who
delights in its recital, I told "it" again
to Pylv'a.
She sighed. "Money isn't everything,
she said tritely. She laid the pink blos
som in her lap, and added: "But
money is very handy after all. isn't it;
S^ardie? Tell me about it again."
"Cnly five days," she assented, bring
ing her gaxe back to me, I thought.
But no!
£Oh! The manzanita Is in bloom.
Please bring me a piece."
t -v — a as one harks to his queen,
but I remonstrated as one reproves a
child
"It is a matter of half a million dol
larsj Sylvia."
away." e he answered. "It looks like a
white thread with a knot tied in it. I
suppose the knot is a steamboat."
"I suppose it is," I said absently.
"Do you realise that there are only
five days more?"
THE SEVENTH MAN
hart of 2S31 Clay street, who. as the
fascinating Miss Howard won the
hearts of the Hollandise to the extent
of being presented v. ith some exquisite
delft, because, as 1 she heard on all
a very plain pewter affair, with unpre
tentious silver trimmings, and about
eight inches high, but the fact that it
was once the property of George Wash
ington and that he drank out of it
while in camp at Valley Forge makes
its value beyond price..
and was called the E|Hrer steTn. Mr.
ilaFtlnez* claims, though ably advo
cated by his ready tongue, were not
sufficiently strong to induce the* pres
ent owner to return his stolen property.
Perhaps the most envied of ail stein
collectors in California Is Miss Mildred
Pierce of the younger social set of this
city, and -whose beautiful family homo
is on the Alameda way In San Jose.
The stein •which causes such envy is
vastly different ieceptacles, however,
ar.fi la different parts of the house —
even using different entrances. The
Srst floor with its thick glass rnug Is
for the cemmon people — the poor with
their egiu.tJng political talks.
effort.
Among the harpy few in San Fran
cisco who have come back hone with
a fine collection of steins is Miss Grace
Crim of 2i26 Howard street. Every
large town in Germany is represented
on her stein rack. The rack itself is a
decorative work — the art of the pyrog
rapher. with its genial "Prosit" and
underneath the merry monks drinking
thtir brew from flagons, and laughing
over their good old tiresome jokes.
THE ( SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY , CALL.
13
RARE COLLECTIONS
OF HISTORICAL
STEINS.Fans From Mrs. W. S. |
Peters of East Oakland. |
THE Jones family was troubled
with two eons; one of them was
labeled Henry Clay and the
other was plain William, usually
marked down to Bill. Now, nature had
clearly designed Henry for great
things. He had the overhanging brow
and automatic cerebral action that
give promise of something new and
unique in the way of intellectual stunts.
While Henry had his eye on the Pres
idency as a comfortable berth in which
to pass his declining years, wearing
on his jutting brows a large laurel
•wrrath woven by his grateful country
men, WJUlam aspired to no lower a sta
tJon ".an that of the best baseball
pitcher in the United States. Later on
be modified his views somewhat and
concluded that he woul-" be satisfied
if he could be the engineer of the fast
mail and run up a new record for cows
intercepted on a single trip.
It is also 'innecessary to state that
Henry was one of the most regular at
tendants at Sunday school, while Wil
liam's patronage was usu: Ily limited
to the month !»-¦ "-tely previous to
the happy Christmastidc. At other
times he appeared only by * and
Lincoln had never gone to college. So
he girded up his intellect and set out
on the road to the White House. When
it was put up to William to go out and
secure his daily portion of the world's
visible supply of bread, he didn't hesi
tate more than sixteen or seventeen
minutes In deciding that Minktown was
too leisurely a place for him. xfe want
ed a place where men were doing things
— and being done. No two by four.hole
in the wall for William. He needed
room to expand, and Chicago seemed
to be hungering for. Just such . an in
dividual as he was. Therefore he hied
himself away to that city of high build
ings—with rent and wind in proportion
— and opened negotiations with a gro
cery for an opportunity to become
possessed of his dally loaf, with the
prospect of adding, a little cake and
preserves In the course of time.
While William' was 'thus paving the
way to becoming • a merchant prince,
with all the emoluments and dividends
thereunto appertaining, Henry Clay
was sitting In the lee of a large copy of
Kent's Commentaries and Informing
himself as to the way In which justice
might be made lame as well as blind.
In the course of time he was admitted
to the charmed circle that is allowed to
woods have very queer Ideas of Con
gress sometimes. As for William, it
was universally admitted that his intel
lect would never keep 'him awake
nights, and it was the general opinion
that he would be very fortunate if he
could find a place where he could work
for his board and clothes.
When they were sent to college It was
the same way, only more so. While
Henry was foregathering with the mid
night oil and putting a mansard . roof
and a two-story piazza on his Intellect,
William was usually waging fierce and
unremitting warfare on strong drink or
collecting choice specimens of ivory in
the room of the wicked sophomore from
gay Noo Yawk. Henry graduated with
high honor and a black cutaway, while
William just managed to get. by before
the switch was opened, but he had the
finest collections of signs that had ever
been seen in the Institution.
Henry Clay still had his eye on the
Presidency as his ultimate goal, but
he decided to begin t. collecting bills
' and starting flres for a disciple of
BlackBtone, meanwhile absorbing a lit
tle o* the perfection of reason *on the
side. It was a humble , beginning, ' but
he reasoned that even Abraham Lin
coln started at the bottom, and besides
not then if he could manage to connect
with a previous engagement While
Henry could get up before the whole
school and announce without turning
a hair that his name was Norval on
the Grampian Hills — although they all
knew that It was Jones when he was
In MInktown— and could even do the
giant swing dji the speech of Sparta
cus, William could never get the dying
soldier of the legion more than half
dead before his voice sneaked out the
back door and left him standing on the
platform with his mouth open and his
mind In the same condition. -The only
advantage that he ever secured from
thes~ Friday afternoon bursts of elo
quence was in the fact that-he had
steady employment for the next week
doing various and sundry acts of vio
lence to the boys who snickered when
his voice deserted him in the midst of
the action. >
Of course. It was universally admit
ted that Henry Clay was the hope of
his family and that William was some
thing else. It was even prophesied by
some of the more daring ones that Hen
ry might some day butt into Congress
if he was real good and read the Bible
and the Encyclopedia Brltannica reg
ularly. People who live in the back-
a soda-water fountain in the basement.
It was not much, but it helped a little
and while Henry was spreading the
light and heat of his eloquence over
the country William was counting up
his proflt3 for the year and carefully
prying off the mortgage which rested
on his aged parents' dwelling. Inci
dentally he was paying Henry Clay's
debts and selling him goods at whole
sale rates.
Here we must leave the brothers. We
realize that the tale Is incomplete, but
tales will grow and he *vho has a mind
to can add a few joints to this one.
Perhaps the fact that William Is com
pelled to rub along on a few hundred
thousand dollars a year while his
brother flourishes like a green bay tree
on the princely income of three thou
sand and found may lead in some
minds to the conclusion that while a
labile ofllce may be a public trust, a
private trust Is more to the point If
a man's tastes run to automobiles and
private *cars. However, the further
fact that statesmen are born and not
made should relieve Henry of all re
sponsibility.
Copyright, 19M. by Albert Brltt.
sit within the sanctuary of the law and
put its feet on the stove. The future
looked as rosy as a Government con
tract. . He was making as much as
twelve hundred dollars a year— when
he could collect it, and his name was a
power In all the Justice of the Peace
courts In the county. He was also cul
tivating the constituency with a view
to the time when the - Incum
bent of the seat in Congress should
conclude that he had rested long
enough." In the meantime he conde
scended to accept a seat in the State
Legislature^— after he had spent all his
prospective j Income for the next two
years in inducing the members of the
nominating convention that he was the
gentleman to safeguard their Interests
and give the gaff to the sinful corpora
tions,' at so much per gaff.
* It was easy sailing from this time
on; the prophecies of his early youth
were fulfilled In a manner that was
calculated to make the people believe
that the prophet business was looking
up. . The doors of Congress opened wide
to him "arid he was to be seen on th*»
floor of the House pleading in impas
sioned tones for- an appropriation of
four hundred and seventy-five dollars
for the dredging of Skunk Creek and a
new postofflce for the city of Mink
town. These statements leave no'room
for doubt that he had at last become a
full-fledged statesman. To be sure, thw
Presidency was still beyond him, but
what Congressman would desire to be
President in these degenerate days,
when the fierce light of Senate commit
tees and postoflic investigations beats
hard upon the thrown. Besides, while
he still realized that every "boy has a
chance to be President he had ceased
to have so much faith In chance.
In the midst of- these stirring events
in the career of Henry Clay, what of
William? When we last had the pleas
ure of observing that careless youth he
was occupying the proud position of
second assistant understudy to the
leading man in a corner grocery. By
the exercise of frugality and a . keen
eye to business' he had gathered to
himself a half share" in the business;
on the strength of that he was able to
buy out the other man and add a shoe
store annex. Things seemed to be
coming- his way and in the course of
time the seed that he had sown sprang
up into a flourishing department store
with a restaurant on the top floor and
FABLE FOR THE FOOLISH ON STATESMEN AND OTHERS
Included three movements' o£ hand
practice. This Was done so that the
women of fashion might be able to
cleverly and deftly express a great
variety of emotions. ' For instance,
anger, modesty, timidity, .merriment
and a host of pretty but extremely
dangerous flutters.
¦ In the land of the peach blossoms
fans are exchanged as love tokens, and
as China and Japan are really its home
proper, It is more than likely that such
was its original purpose. These coun
tries claim the proud distinction as
well to be the first to do any pictorial
painting. China, in fact, has done the
finest work In existence In filagree gold
and silver. So fine that some rare
specimens which look like cobwebs are
regarded as marvelous works Of art
and as such are exhibited in the Metro
politan Museum* in New York.
For exquisite work In fan making
turn to France, for there It was that
the art was carried to the extreme
limit and the finest specimens of West
ern Europe produced. Gold, silver,
laces,' ivory, pearls, feathers, Jewels — in
fact everything which art could de
vise were used in fashioning these
costly trinkets, and you may be cer
tain that, some of 'them cost a small
fortune. The finest artists of {he day
indulged In this lovely fad, so that
some of the fragile, old heirlooms are
the work of such painters as Boucher,
Watteau, Lebrun, Mignard and Le
moine. Besides these, many of v the la
dies of the higher class took up the
work for the money that was In It, for
the demand was far greater than the
supply. ¦- '¦*'. : I
The fan was Introduced Into Italy,
Spain and Sweden about the same time
that it became so popular in France,
and a little later it made its first ap
pearance In England.
During the reign of Henry VIII two
styles were in vogue. One was for
full-dress occasions, the other for out
door use, and they were used by men
and women alike, to protect them from
the hot rays of the summer's sun. It
is said that during the reign of James
I gentlemen corrected their children
with a large fan, so it Is very evident
that they must have been used com
monly and in the majority of house
holds.
During the time of Charles II fan
making was carried on extensively, and
was a very lucrative business, but soon
Bcme enterprising individual began im
porting them from India, which re
sulted in a petition being: presented to
the Government against importation.
The petition, however, was not wholly
successful, for -fan Importing was not
stopped, although a duty was imposed
which succeeded In protecting home in
dustry and in satisfying the manufac
turers.
About the time of Louis XIV a car
riage painter named Robert Martin in
vented a pure white varnish that was
of great value in giving a fine finish
"While the European people were so
busily engaged in making such beau
tiful specimens, there were other fan
makers turning out Just as useful If
not as beautiful ones. The South Sea
Islander was intent upon weaving a.i
she sat In the shade of her straw hut
or the . friendly shadows of a giant
palm, with nothing to work with but
leaves and grasses that grew so luxu
riantly about her. She knew no-thins
of . silks and laces, fine paintings and
Jewels, yet she was happy in her own
dreamy south — a child of nature. How
much romance she might have connect
ed with her fan is difficult to ascertain.
yet In all probability this dusky maiden
of the South Seas wielded her fan with
as much grace as did the colonial
dames In their stately minuet.
One thing Is to be deeply regretted,
and that is the fact that fan making
in the islands will b« a thins of tha
past before many years have elapsed.
The Islands are rapidly passing Into
tha hands of the great nations of tha
world and the natives art adopting tha
ways of the white peopte and are rap-
Idly losing Interest in thalr native arts.
Aniline dyes have already been Intro
duced and ars being osad by torn*, ea
paclally the Samoans, la placa of their
own native dyes. In f&et, to such a
surprising degree hav* they accepted
tha foreigners and thalr labor-«avla»
devices that some of tna handsomest
Honolulu specimens ara finished with
machlno stitching, wrnictt, of coarse,
cheapens and ruins them for tha major*
Ity of fan lovers.
To such an extent ha« tha fad ct eei
lecting been taken up that it t* en* of
tha most difficult thing* ta tha world to
get hold of an old heirloom. When
titled peopla Ilka ex^Quaan T"O>*W*
of Spain and families with wealth as
great as the Rothschilds antar tha field
of competition It only makaa tha strujr
gle> harder and each prts« mora pre
cious. Yet fans there ara and evidently
many of them, for It la a wtQ-known
fact that the Duchess of York received
seven hundred beautiful anes as wed
ding gifts, which makes a rather neat
collection In itself. But wa boast of a
flna collection a great deal nearer
horns. Here, there and everywhere In
the home of Mrs. N. 8. Peters of East
Oakland are the fans of the nations,
and what Is more to the point, each and
every one is the very Best that love or
money could buy.
and that was much used on painted
fans of wood, ivory end bone. The
few that are yet in existence are known
as the "Vernls Martin." far he guarded
his secret so Jealously that it died with
him and was lost to the world of art.
In far away India the fan has al
way beeriTknd is at the present time
for that matter, regarded as an at
tribute of royalty and of civil as well
as religious ceremony, while in. China
they are found about the royal throne
and are used to desginate degree and
as inslgna of office. ..
In the romantic field the fan has al
ways been quite as fatal as Cupid's
darts. The beautiful, black-eyed
senorita could talk with her fan while
her not overly watchful companion was
taking her siesta. Probably If the por
traits of the grand and stately dames
of French royalty could but speak,
they would tell of many an animated
flirtation, innocent enough at the .time,
but too frequently ending otherwise.
To be sure the pretty toy had not
then the great popularity that it had
In the seventeenth and eighteenth cen
turies, for then Us use was frankly re
duced to a science. To become pro
ficient and thoroughly familiar with it
required a course of training, -which
face so that nothing may distract their
attention or change the trend of their
thoughts. This fan, by the way, is
one of the most curious, for it is made
straight on one side and has a handle
some three feet in length. It is held
in an easy position and the voice is
thrown toward the part that appears
to have been cut off, and in this way
the congregation is enabled to hear
more or less distinctly what he has'to
say to them. In fact, there is not a
temple in the Orient where fans are
not to be found. Some are for ordi
nary, practical uses, while others have
been consecrated «.nd are considered
very holy.
The Siamese have a trick that . is
worth while. The priests are sup
ported by the people' in a curious way.
Each father carries a sort of a basket
strapped to his side and contributions
of all sorts and descriptions are placed
in It. When he sees any one coming
in his direction he turns his head to
one side and holds up a. fan so that
he may not see what his gift is to be,
for gazing straight at the donor would
be anything but modest, you know.
Right here at home we find that
some of our North American Indians
use a feather fan In their religious
dances and so holy and sacred are
they considered that it is almost im
possible to obtain even a poor speci
men. The white man is looked upon
In the light of a heathen and each and
every member of the tribe is bound by
an unspoken oath to keep their sacred
relics from the hand of the ruthless
vandal.
By 3Iadge Moore.
* *^\> HE collecting of fans is more
j puzzling than silver or china.
! for they bear no signature or
X mark of anv kind."
The pretty, frilly bit of lace and Jew
els that is flaunted so gayly in the
ballroom, on the veranda and at the
reception has an origin that is en
tirely unknown. For surprising as the
fact may be, this dangerous weapon of
feminine warfare dates back to remote
ages.
¦ In a tomb of the seventeenth century.
B. C. there was found the handle of
a small fan. Here and there the tiny
holes designated exactly where the
feathers had been fastened and the
preserved remnant was so complete
that not the slightest shadow of a
doubt could remain that the pretty toy
.had been a fan, in all probability
'owned by a fair and gracious daughter
of -that period.
: On the walls of an Egyptian grotto
there is a picture of a man fanning a
water vase for the purpose of keeping
•cool Its contents, and as far remote as
the time of Pharoah he is represented
as surrounded with fan bearers, whose
chief duty in life was to await his
pleasure.
This 'custom of fanning royalty and
"others in high position is as much in
vogue to-day as It ever was, though
perhaps the majority of people are not
Aware of the fact. For Instance, In the
Orient fans standing from four to six
feet high are kept constantly in motion
to keep the air cool and to displace the
Insects which are so plentiful in all
tropical countries.
. In religious ceremonies the fan has
always played Its part. As far back
as one can penetrate traces of It may
be discovered and the same custom has
followed down through the ages until
it is used at certain great functions at
the present day. Perhaps the first rec
ords that seems at all near to the
people of this day are the ones of very
early English history, which plainly tell
that fans were used in all churches
to keep the flies off the sacred ele
inents. No particular kind or shape
was choa*r-, although they were not
infrequently round with small bells at
tached which tinkled as the fan was
moved slowly to and fro.
In the gorgeous pageant attending
the late Pope when h« was carried
through SL Peter's to Rome, "two
magnificent white ostrich plumes were
carried, one preceding, the other fol
lowing him. In the olden times they
were used exclusively for the purpose
of keeping troublesome insects away,
but to-day they are carried merely to
indicate pomp, splendor and high po
sition.
The Euddist priests, when exhorting
their children to follow In their foot
steps, always bold a fan before tha
THE SAN SUNDAY CALIl
THE FANS OF THE
NATIONSContinued From Page Two.
as en that rassy afternoon he picked
hlj way among the crowds on the ter
race at Versailles. Since he had seized
Weletskl in the shrubbery at Blair
peldle the "Herr Winckel" disguise had
been necessarily abandoned, and it was
now as a Parisian dandy with huge
custachios and coal-black brows that
he formed cne cf the privileged pass
. holders who waited the coming of the
Tsar. They were all here — those with
whom he had to contend— Olga Palit
*s4n, Weletski, Anna Tchigorin, Krasno
vitch and Serjcv; the three latter scat
tered among the people and Ignoring
...'each other when they met. and the
- Princess escorted by the gray-bearded
. eld man, whose fierce eyes brought
• back to Voibcrth the grove at Schep
lowka on the morning cf Lobanofs
death. The Princess, he noticed, was
beautifully dressed without any at
" tempt at disguise.
From this he argued that either her
plans had been disorganized by De
:a\'ai's death, and that no "business"
was intended, or else that all her ef
forts were to be concentrated on a last
' .desperate outrage in which, succeed or
fail, she expected certain capture. It
might even be that the Princess meant
to use her well-known personality as a
figure in Petersburg society to get near
enough to the persons cf their Majes
ties for mischief. On the other hand,
had Fcrtescue . een the object of the
Nihilistic programme for the day it was
almost certain that she would have
used disguise— in the first place because
her enterprise would not end with the
I removal cf that awkward witness, and
in the second because her appearance
In preprla persona would put the at
tache on his guard.
It was a great source of satisfaction
to Voiborth that, so far as he could as
certain, Fortescue had abstained from
going to Versailles. The gay butter
flies of the British Embassy were well
represented on the terrace, but he was
not with them nor was he to be seen
elsewhere in the nearer precincts of the
chateau. Far as the eye could reach
the two great avenues were crowded on
both sides with lees favored spectators
kept In order by thick lines of soldiers
whose bayonets glittered in the sun.
But It was scarcely likely that Fortes
cue, if he came at all, would come as
a mere vulgar sight-seer to be hustled
in that seething mass.
"I am glad that he Is not here,
though I more than half expected him
to turn up in fplte of my warning,"
Volborth congratulated jiimself. "It is
what the charming Miss Metcalf would
call 'Jolly hard lines' for him, with his
fondness for this In-and-out work, to
have to lay low. He has to thank him
self for It, through poking his nose into
that hornet's nest at Boulogne, a^d I
have to thank him and 'Herr Wlnckel's'
little friend for these fairly safe ar
rangements here to-day."
And as the distant* blare of trumpets
heralded the coming of the Tsar, he
looked round with complacency at Olga
Palitzin and Weletski. hedged In by a
cordon of unobstrusive mouchards
reedy at the first suspicious movement
to stretch out restraining hands. But
the conduct of the suspects yielded no
provocation to arrest. At various points
they gazed idly at the approaching cor
tege from the balustrade of the terrace,
without attempting to gain vantage
ground near the flight of steps leading
He had no sooner set foot on the ter
race than one of his subordinates came
running up. ¦
.."They have gone down into the gar
dens, nearly in.c. body," said the man.
"The others are after them. I only re
mained to inform your Excellency."
from the lower level of the gardens or
the alleyway, kept clear for the vis
itors to pass into the chateau.
And so, amid the respectful homage
of the people on the terrace, and fol
lowed by the yells of the Parisian mob
in the park below, the "imperial party
entered the stately home of Louis the
Great. Yet not till Nicholas and Alex
androvna had reappeared In the bal
cony to bow their acknowledgments
and had retired to inspect the Interior
wonders of the chateau did Volborth
breathe freely. In the official pro
gramme It was laid down that after
viewing the palace the Tsar and Tsar
ina were to rest in their own apart
ments till the . grand banquet at .7
o'clock, and Inside the vast pile, with
double sentries at every door, they
would be as safe as in the Winter
Palace.
"All that remains Is to shepherd
Madame Olga and Company back to
Paris," muttered Volborth. And after
leaving Instructions that the suspects
should not be lost sight of, he hurried
into the chateau to compare notes with
RestofskL Gathering from that zeal
ous colleague that nothing of note had
transpired , en route, he returned. to the
terrace to resume command of his
spies, and he found the crowd of In
vited spectators rapidly thinning. The
park had already been cleared of the
lower orders by the troops who were
falling In for their Journey to the capi
tal.
"Good!" replied Volborth. "That
looks like a bolt from their lair. Let
us follow, my friend."
And descending the steps into the
broad pleasance. he saw the Princess
leaning on the arm of the vulture
faced old man to whom she was ap
parently pointing out the beauty of the
splashing fountains. After waiting a
while they passed on toward the park,
where among the leafy glades the eve
ning shadows were deepening. And in
desultory formation behind straggled
Krasnovitch, Anna Tchigorin and Ser-
Jov.
About this time the Russian suite
were coming off duty. Some bored, and
some admiring, they had duly tramped
through the Salle des Glaces, the apart
ments of the Great King, the museum
and the art galleries; and now while
the Tsar and Tsarina rested, they would
be free till the hour of the banquet
Boris Dubrowski had been in personal
attendance, and was the last to be dis
missed at the door of his Covereign's
private rooms; so that when he came to
the corridor where the other members
of the' suite were lodged they had al
ready vanished into their own . apart
ments.
Instead of entering the corridor, he
made his way by the £rand staircase to
the ground floor; and his uniform gain
ing him unquestioned egress, he passed
out on to the now nearly deserted ter
races. The scene was in striking con
trast to that of two hours before. Save
for a few lingerers to be counted on the
hand, the. crowd had all departed. The
lowing of cattle in the distant pastures,
and the cawing of the rooks away down
in the memory-haunted park, alone
broke the silence of. the. old-world de
mesne. .It was an hour and a season,
with an- all-powerful monarch housed
once more in the chateau, when a phil
osophic mind would have mused on .the
change that two centuries can wreak
on the affairs of men.
But the young Russian was no phil
osopher, a'nd he had other fish to fry
than meditations on the Grand Mon
arque and , the bygone glory of Ver
sailles.' -That he had a purpose quite
distinct from mere loitering was evi
denced by the brisk pace at which he
traversed the gardens, and, always
with his eyes about him, walked on by
way cf the avenue of the Grand Tria
non Into the park.
"This must be. the turning Indicated
by .Monsieur Fortescue." he -muttered,
as he came at length to a cross-road
hand. And quitting the broad drive, he
followed the left-hand rocd for a little
way till on one side he saw a" footpath
winding off Into still "deeper solitudes.
Feeling now sure of his ground, he
struck into the path, which presently
brought, him to an open glade sur
rounded Jon all sides by thick under
growth. In the center a marble fawn
gleamed white In the twilight, and sev
eral other paths converging on the cir
cular space gave It the character of the
heart of a mare. .
Convinced now that he had found the
place he sought, he drew >back a pace
or two. Into the path* by which' he had
approached and waited. His nerves
were all a-tlngle, six-foot.body guards
man though he was, and fi« started at
the slightest sound. A squirrel-run
ning across the glade caused him to
mop his damp brow, with a hardly re
strained Imprecation on his own fears.
But the momenta sped by, and peer as
he might- down. the dark aisles of the
opposite pathways, nothing; came to
break the monotony of his suspense.
"If I had not seen their Majesties en
ter their apartments, and wljhmy own
ears heard them say that they should
remain there, I could bear this no lon
ger," he told . himself at the end 'of ' a
quarter of "an hour. '•--_" _
And then. In the obscurity, of one of
the converging paths — not in front, but
running Into the glade at right" angles
The notes placed at the disposal of
the compiler by M. Volborth contain no
reference to his personal view of the
trick played upon him by his English
friend. In fact, they conclude some
what abruptly at this point with th©
curt statement that the arrested Ni
hilists were secretly deported to Rus
sia, extraditlc-n proceedings betnsr
foregone by a private arrangement
with the French authorities. But as
the ofilcial known in these pages &3
Paul Volbcrth was recently seen din-
Ing at the Cafe Royal In Resent .street
with Spencer Fortescue. both of them
being very merry, it i3 plain that their
intimacy was unshaken.
"And here." said Fcrtescue rising, "is
a letter from lima, saying that she also,
means to let the past take care of it
self. Let us go and tell the patient."
THE EM). •
"Thank God that your Majesties ar*
safe," he faltered. "We have had thess
people under observation all day, and
followed them hither In no thought that
your Majesties were anywhere than la
the chateau. Restofskl had orders not
to let you out of hia sight. I cannot
understand — **
But the stately woman la the dust
cloak -was on her knees by the stricken
man, stanching his wound with her
handkerchief and sobbing bitterly. The
long gray overcoat and the astrakan
coat of her companion were "beins
tossed on to the grass.
"Let ua se« to this brave man who
has proved his loyalty." said Fortescue.
kneeling at lima Vasslll's side. "I
wanted him to ?ave his chance, but I
did not think that you would cut it
quite so fine as to let them get their
knives home, Paul."
spirators. It was all over In fir* sec
onds. Olga Palitzln and her followers
•were overpowered and taken.
Bareheaded and pals to the lips Vol
borth came forward-
to him— a twig* cracked. A moment
later Olga Palitzln sauntered slowly in
to the open, and stood a clear-cut fig
ure in maize-color looking toward the
path" exactly opposite Boris. She was
quite alone as she stood under the
statue, but*-ominous sound — again a
twig cracked in the leafy alley whence
she had come.
Suddenly, while the aide-de-camp
watched with expectant eyes the wo
man who had fooled him. his gaze was
caught by a shimmer of white in the
path opposite, and a moment later his
heart stood stllL Advancing carelessly
into the glade from the gloom of the
pathway, two figures whose familiar
garb turned him sick with horror— the
ldng'gray overcoat and astrakan cap of
the Tsar, and the white dress covered
with a fawn-colored dust coat which
the Empress had worn that day. left
no doubt in his mind that Fortescue
had made a terrible mistake in trusting
to the permanence of Imperial inten
tions! Their Majesties must have ccme
oat, after all, for a quiet walk in the
park before the functions of the eve
ning, and were running straight into
Heaven only knew what ambush of
their ruthless enemies.
.Boris was no coward, and with the
need for ~ action „ came calmness. He
saw Olga step forward and cast herself
on. her knees; he saw the gray-coated
\ form start back as though In surprise;
and he had only begur to see four otb»r
figures gliding toward the group whose
attention was then held, when with a
wild curse that he was<not wearing his
sword he found that he was half way
across the glade. Interposing his body
between the assassins and the threat
ened pair. There was a gleam of
knives, a. : simultaneous rush from be
hind, and Boris went .down stabbed In
the chest" by" Serjov, Just as Volborth
and a dozen police spies. French and
Russian, threw themselves on the con-
BY HAIR'S BREADTH
them. I think I have learned tne tricK
of thorn at last. And I don't suppose,
all told, it has cost me more than fifty
pounds. And now I am trying to teach
the rest of the family. What I com
plain about the family is that they do
not seerri anxious to learn. "You do
it," they say, pressing the coal-scoop
ir.to raj' hands; "it makes us nervous."
It is a pretty, patriarchal idea; I stand
between them, the trusting, admiring
family, and these explosive stoves that
ar*» tiie terror of their lives. They
gather round me in u srroup and watch
me. the capable, all-knowing head who
fears no foreign stove. But there are
days v.hen I get tired of going round
making up flres.
Nor is it sufficient to understand only
one particular stove. The practical
foreigner prides himself upon having
various stoves adapted to various
work. Hitherto I have been speaking
only o£ the stove supposed to be best
suited to reception rooms and bed
rooms. The hall is provided with an
other sort of stove altogether; an iron
stove this, that turns up Its nose at
coke and potato peelings. If you give
it anythins else but the" best coal it
explodes. It is 'like living surrounded
by peppery o'd colonels, trying to pass
a peaceful ivinter among these pas
sionate stoves. There is a stove in
the kitchen to, be used only for roast
inp: this one will hot look at anything
room. It lives, generally speaking, in
side an iron cupboard with two doors.
When you want it you open these doors
and pull it out into the room. It works
on a swiveL And when you don't want
it you try to push It back again, and
then the whole thing tumbles over, and
the girl throws her hands up to heaven
and gays: "lion Dieu!" and screams
for the cook and the femme a Journee,
and they all three say "Mon Dieu!" and
fall upon it with buckets of water. By
round the celling, would enable us to
sit ranged round the walls, like pa
tients In a hospital waiting-room; and
list up coke and potato peelings. Since
then I have had practical experience
of the scientific stove. I want the old
fashioned, unsanitary, wasteful, illog
ical, open fireplace. I want the heat
to go up the chimney, instead of stop
ping in the room and giving me a head
ache, and making everything go round.
When I come 'In out of the snow I
¦want to see a fire — something that says
to me with a cheerful crackle." "Hello,
old man, cold outside, isn't it? Come
and Eit down. Come, quite close and
warm your hands. That's right, put
your foot under him and persuade him
to move a yard or two. That's all he's
been doing for the last hour, lying
there roasting himself, lazy little deviL
He'll get softening of the spine, that's
what vill happen to him. Put your
toes on "the fender. The tea will be
here in a minute." I want something
that I can toast my back against,
whll- standing with my coat tails
tucked up and my hands in my pock
ets, explaining things to people. I
don't want a comfortless, staring, white
thing, in a corner of the room, behind
the sofa— a thing that looks and smells
like a family tomb. It may be hy
gienic, and it may be hot, but it does
not seem to do me any good. It has
its advantages; it contains a cupboard
Into which you can put things to dry.
You can also forget them and leave
them there. Then people complain of a
smell of burning, and hope the house
Is not en fixe, and you ease their mind
by explaining to them tl-at it is prob
ably only your boots. Complicated in
ternal arrangements are worked by a
key. If you put on too much fuel and
do net work things properly the thirg
explodes. And if you €'• net put on
any coal at all and the fire goes out
suddenly then, likewise, it expicdes.
That Is the enly way it knows of call
ing attention to itself. On the Con
tinent, you know when the fire wants
seeing to merely by listening. "Sounded
like the dining-room, that last explo
sion," somebody remarks. "I think
not." observes another; "I distinctly felt
the shock behind me — my bedroom I
expect." Bits of the ceiling begin to
fall, and you notice that the cheval
glass over tne sideboard is slowly corn ¦
ing toward you. "W*;y. it must be this
stove," you say; "curious, how difficult
it is to locate sound." You snatch up
the children and hu"rry out of the
room. After a while, when things have
settled down, you venture to look in
again. Maybe it was only a mild ex
plosion. A ten pound note and a cou
ple of plumbers in the house for a week
¦will put things right again. They tell
me they are economical, these German
stoves, but you have got to understand
CCPpjTT'xtfg. iPOt, by C5eetr«J K»w« *=4
THET are odd folks, these foreign
er*. There are moments of
despair when I almost give them
W — feel I don't care what be
comes cf them— feel as if I could let
them rrufidie en in their own way —
wash my hands of them, so to epeak,
and attend exclusively to my own
business ; we all have our days of fee
bleness. They will Eit outside a cafe
en a freezing right, with an east wind
blowing, and play dorninoes. They will
etand outside a tramcar. rushing
through the Icy air at fifteen miles an
hour, and refuse to go inside, even to
oblige a lady. Yet in railway car
riages, in which you could grill a
bloater by the simple process cf laying
it underneath the seat, they will insist
en the windows being closed, light ci
pars to keep their ncses warm, and sit
¦with the collars of their fur coats but
toned up around their necks. In their
"houses they keep the double windows
, ¦fcer.rr.eticilly sealed for three or four
months at a time; and the hot air
quivering about the Etove scorches your
, face if you venture nearer to it than
-» yard. Travel can broaden the mind.
¦ I: can also suggest to the Britisher that
in Seme respects his countrymen are
r:c;fcing near e,o Billy as they are sup
posed to be. There wa* a time when I
used to eit with szy legs stretched out
t;tfcre the English cctl fire and listen
wtta respectful attention while people
whj I thought knew a!I about It ex
plained to me how wicked and how
wasteful were our methods All the
heat frcm that fire, they told me. was
gcing up the chimney. I did not like
t£ answer them that notwithstanding
I felt warm and cozy. I feared it might
be merely British stupidity that kept
rr.e warm and cczy, not the fire at alL
How ccull it be the fire? The heat
from the fire was going tip the chim
r.ew. It vu the glow cf Ignorance
thaf if£j making my toes tingle. Be
aifies, If ty Bitting close in front of the
fir* a^fl locking hard at it, I did con
trive, by hypnotic suggestion, maybe,
to fancy rnyself warm, what should I
feel like at the ether end of the room?
It eterned like begging: the Question to
r^yly that I ted no particular use
for *:e ether end of the room, that,
reaeraily epeakirr. there was room
encnxl: tbout the fire for ali the people
I really cared for, tiat sitting alto
fttfctr rourfl the fire seemed Quite as
tersTfcle as sulking by one's self in a
ecrcer the other end of the room, that
tit fire cade a cheerful and convenient
focus for family and friends. They
poiried out to me how a stove, block
ing cp the center cf the ro.n, with a
dingy locking fiue-pipe wandering
else but wood. Give It a bit of coal,
meaning to be kind, and before you
are out of the room* It has exploded.
Then th<tre is a trick stove, specially
popular 'in Belgium. It has a little door
at the top and another little door at the
bottom, and looks like a pepper cas
tor. Whether it is happy or not de
pends upon these two little doors. There
are times when it feels it wants the
bottom ioor shut and the top door
open, or vice versa, or both open at the
same time, or both shut— it Is a fussy
little stove. Ordinary Intelligence doe3
not help you much with this stove. Tou
want to be bred in the country. It
is a question of instinct; you have .to
have Belgian blood in your veins to get
on comfortably with it.- On the whole,
it. Is a mild little stove, this Belgian
pet. It does not often explode; it only
gets angry, and throws its cover into
the air, and flings hot coals about th»
old man, there's a good fellow!" Th«
carriage was crowded. chiefiy with
Germans. Every window was closed.
every ventilator shut. The hot air
quivered round our .feet. Seventeen
men and four women were smoking;
two children were sucking peppermints
and an old married couple eating their
lunch, consisting, apparently, of gar-
Ile.
At the junction the door was thrown
open. The foreigner generally opens
the door a little -way. glides in. and
closes It behind him. Thi3 was not a
foreigner but an American lady, en
voyage, accompanied by five other
American ladies. They inarched In.
carrying packages. They could not find
eix seats together, so they scattered
up and down the carriage. The first
thing that each woman did. the moment
she could get her hand3 free, was to
dash for the nearest window and haul
It down. "Astonishes me." said the
first woman, "that somebody Is not
dead in this carriage." Their idea. I
think, was that through asphyxiation
we had become comatose and, but for
their entrance, world have died uncon
scious. "It Is a current of air that -Is
wanted," said another of the ladies.
So they opened the door at the front
end of the carriage, and four of them
stood outside en the platform, chat
ting pleasantly and admiring the scen
ery, while two of them opened the door
at the other end and took photographs
of the Lake of Geneva. The carriage
rose and cursed them in six languages.
Bells were rung; conductors came fly
ing it. It was all of no use. Those
American ladies were cheerful but
firm. They argued with volubility; they
arjrued standing in the open doorway.
The conductors, familiar, no doubt,
with the American lady and her ways.
shrugged their shoulders and retired.
The other passengers undid their bags
and bundles, and wrapped themselves
up In shawls and Jaeger nightshirts.
I met the ladles afterwurC In the Lau
sanne. They told me they had been
condemned to a fine of forty franca
apiece. They also explained to xne that
they had not the slightest Intention of
paying It.
the time everything has been extin
guished you have made up your mind
to substitute for it Just the ordinary
explosive stove to -which you are ac
customed.
In your own house you can, of course.
open the windows, and thus defeat the
foreign stove. The rest of the street
thinks you mad. but then the English
man is considered by all foreigners to
be always mad. It is his privilege to b«
mad. The street thinks no worse of
you than it did before, and you can
breathe in comfort. But in the railway
. carriage they don't allow you to b«
mad. In Europe, unltss you are pre
pared to draw at sight upon the ether
passengers, throw the conductor out of
'the window and take the train in by
yourself, it is useless arguing the ques
tion of fresh air. The rule abroad is
that If any one man coject3 to the
window being open, the window re.
malns closed. He does not quarrel with
;you; he rings the bell and points out
to the conductor that the temperatur*
£of the carriage has sunk to little more
than 90 degrees Fahrenheit. He thinks
a .window must be open. The conductor
Is generally an old* soldier; ha under
stands being shot, he understands be
ing thrown out of the window, but not
the laws of sanitation. If, as I have
explained, you shoot him. or throw him
out onto the permanent way, that con
vinces him. He leaves you to di3CU3s
the matter with the second conductor.
who, by your action, has now. of
course, become the first conductor. As
there are generally half a dozen of
these conductors scattered about the
train, the process of educating them
becomes monotonous.- You generally
end by submitting to the law — unless
you happen to be an American womaa.
Never did my heart go out mo r a glad
ly to America 33 a nation than on oca
spring day traveling from Berne to
Vevey. We had been sitting for an
hour In an atmosphere that would have
rendered a Dante disinclined to notice
things. Dante, after ten minutes in
that atmosphere, would have lost all
interest in the show; he wo_uid not have
asked questions; he would have whis
pered to Virgil. "Get rr.e out of this.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
15
RED HOT STOVES
I HAVE MET.THE SAN FRANCISCO . SUNDAY CALL
> > .^— \ EAR EDITOR: This is my only picture that I have. It is my baby picture. It does not look a
J j bit like me now. IRENE WOODS, 125U Campbell street, Oakland, Cal." ) '
— ~XlJ ' ...That was the inscription on the back of the little pietttre of -Irene- Woods, which is' repro-
;duced union jc, the prize winners on this page. It is of a b:iby less than a year old, but little Irene,
who is many years .older now and who hr.s proved herself so clever in solving these puzzles, , was so, anx
ious to have her picture in the Gallery of Honor thai the Puzzle Editor could not bear to disappoint her.
But the PurzIerEdl tor. does not -waut.to .make a practice or publis!i!:i? buljy pictures, and this is -reproduced
as an example of what not to in as much as to please little Irene herself. . Of course . the Puzzle
Lklilor wants the full One Hundred ami Fifty prize winners every week, but whenever it is possible the
children ought to send ; in pictures that arc up to date and show them as they look now, rather than
pictures taken several years ago. Kut in any event, send in the best you have without delay.
Of course there Is no need of telling you again what rich reward is In store lor you If you' win.
Those books' nil ftpcuk. for themselves. But, children, you must, wake up. You did not do at all well this
week. 'V ... ".T,"- '".-.. '¦¦-,:,-:*'¦. '¦ -I- ••'-.¦' ; -. '. • ¦'-.. ', .
¦ But, children, pay strict attention now. Here Isisoracthliig the Puzzle Editor wants to speak of par
tlculurly. You must not only gi%c >our name nnd . the"' town and State wherein you live, but the street or
'posttollice number. ' Tlils.'ls imporUuit because many books are being returned because of incorrect ad
dresses. And don't forget; the gallery. of honor. * ' '¦¦¦¦ • " ;
I*LBJ&.SE DON'T'SEND IN '_ ANY,.'.TINTYPE PICTURES OR PROOFS THAT ARE UNTONEii—^whicb
nica'tU that, they will fade as soon as they are.e.-tposcU to the sun. and don't forget to write your name and
uddrc»M on ttic buck of (each and c\'cry photograph. And by all ineaiis be sure that you are a prize win-,
ncr before; you send In • any picture at ail.* •> •...-.*. ; -. . ¦ • "
And remember- thLs: You Hvlll all have a chance not only to win one of those 150 prizes, but get
your picture published ns well. • The • I'uzzle -Editor wants all the prize winners to send to their pictures
— the whole «5O every week if possible. Begin' right now. Don't watt. The more the merrier. There
can't be too many. But remember, only iheprlze winners can have their pictures* published. •
TUEKE ARE OXE HUNDRED AXDFUTY PRIZES, and till* Is what you must do to win on© of
them: ;.> • ¦ • ," ; - '¦ :
Find the names of v Four Different lliings Seen in a Barber Shop as shown in pictures 1, 2, S and 4
and Four Great Poets as 'shown in pictures 5, 6, 7 and 8 on this page and write them out hi the space op
posite the proper, corresponding numbers provided for the purpose in 1 the coupon on this page, as per di
rections; ill I In the coupon with your name 'and address and the prize you' desire — -if yon win — and send the
coupon to the EDITOR OF THE NAME PUZZLE P AGE, Sunday Call, Snn Francisco, Cal.
' RE3IEBIBE1^— To the FIRST ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BOYS AND GIRLS who soIto the eight
Same' Puzzles correctly, one of these ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL. PHIZES will be awarded.
And don't forset this next point, because it is very important: ALL ANSWERS* MUST REACH
THIS OFFICE. BY FRIDAY . NOON. This sives all those to the country an equal chance to compete*
Read everything on this page, to.be nure' that yon overlook nothing that will help you to win a DrizftT
THE -NAMES -OF THE i LUCKY WINNERS xWLLL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALiTtWO
WEElvS FROM TO-DAY, June 12. x
These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose If you solve aU the pus.
ties correctly: " - . - .¦' , ¦< •'¦,,. ... . ; '-.-/^f^
Abbe ', Constantin, by Halevy; . A, Christmas Carol, by Dickens;' Ethics of the Dust, by Raskin* Heroes'
and Hero Worship, by, Cariyle; Kidnaped, by Stevenson; Knickerbocker's History of New York, by Irvins*
I/ucile, by Meredith: Mine Own People,^ by Kipling;: The Pilgrira-'s Progress, by Bunyan; Pleasures of Life!
by Imbbock; Rab and His Friends, by Brown; Rip Van Winkle, by Irving; Samantha at Saratoga, by Hol
ley; Tanglewood Tales, by Haivthorne; Tom "Brown's School Days, by Hughes; Treasure Island, by Steven
son; Twice Told Tales, by Hawthorne; Uncle Tom's Cabin, by Stowc; A Wonder Book, by Hawthorne; Plu
tarch's Lives. '¦ysi^-'i'fM ¦•'. . £*&££h
OH CHILDREN, WAKE UP!
/"VHILDREN. children, this will
I / never do! Never in the world!
WO Instead of there beins the full
\^ hundred arid fifty prize winr.ers
this week there are only flfty-f.ve.
Nov. what do you think of that? Only
fifty-five' That is scarcely more than
one-third of the number of beautiful
books that should be sent out. This is
truly disappointing, and the Puzzle Ed
itor is sirnolv amasei.
Hovr is it, can anybody explain why
so many of you missed the solution of
the fence puzzles? Surely there is not
oce firnozjg 1 you all who ha? not seen
a fence of some sort. You all know
¦what a wire fence looks like and yet
almost every one guessed picture No.
3 to be a rail fence. And in picture No.
I. which was too plain for anybody to
miss, you all guessed zig-zag, instead
of sr.ake fence. The snake itself was
In the picture, so that all you had to do
was to write lire name down. Like
wise with the ether two pictures some
terrible blunders were made.
Come. come, children: :*ou must all
wcke un. Ths Puzi:ie Editor wants to
send out the whole one hundred and
fifty books n^xt we^k.
However, you all did much hotter
with the Weather Bulletin Puzzles pub
lished in the same issue, May 15, which
wes zs gratifying as your wild guesses
with the Fence Puzzles were disap
pointing. The following are the clever
fifty-five:
Florence Plumner, 2021 Linden street.
Oakland; Frank Kitspn. 77 Cumberland
Ftxeet, San Francisco; Josie Hough,
"Walnut Cre«k; Ruth Brandon, Watson.
\ille- George Parisen. 85 Cumberland
street, San Francisco: Louis Friant, 729
Clayton street. San Francisco: Sterling
Coulter. Santa Rosa; "' H. Koegel, 96
Cirmberland street, San Francisco;
"William Kor-gel. 96 Cumberland street,
San Francisco; Mathew Cooper, San
Jose; " Rowena Benson, Petaluma;
Jair.es Dunn, BaL«rsfield; Mazie Dunn,
Rakerefield; Virginia Dittes?, 1505 Fill
more street, San Francisco: Marion
Dittes, 1505 Fillmore street, San Fran
cisco; Jrene Montague. Lathrop; EdltU
Ransom, Halfmoon Bay; .. Dorothy
Crawford, 21*26 Post street. San : Fran -
•Cisco; Beatrice Miner, Alameda; Ofral
Davidson, 844 FiTty-feig-hth street; Oak
land; Jeannetie Chase, Lodi; 'Cele'ste
Young. Stockton; "Mildred Lansing.
Alameda;. John Murray, San Quentin;
Le!a Lindsay. 4032 , Army . street, San
Francisco; <J<ine,vieve • . FarreU, Pcta r
luma; Ethel Munson. 4032 Army -street,
San Francisco:* Mildred Curtis. 318 Ellis
street. San- Francisco; Lucy Hubert;
428 East Fourteenth " street, Oakland;
Mclvin HoegeJ, 96 Cumberland street,
San Francisco; RudoJj)h,Trautner, 2540
McAllister street. San Francisco; Ethel
Reace. Halk; Rose Howe. San. Diego;
Bessie Irvine. Irvington; A. Butter
worth, 27L3 Octa'via street, San Fran
cisco; Enid Brandt. 2535 Octavia street,
San Francisco; Anita Staffens, 1S0S
La r kin street. San. Francisco; Robb'
Brown, S75 Church street, San Fran
cisco: Frank Edmondson, Berkeley;
Ellen Murray. Newcastle; Chester Lev
inson, £8 Cumberland street," San Fran
cisco; Charlie Levinson, 88 Cumberland
street, San Francisco; Harry Levinson,
£8 Cumberland street, San Francisco;
Arthur Tllton, 154 . Ninth street, San
"Francisco; Hal Curtis, 91S Ellis street,
San Francisco; Nina Devany, 104 Guer
rero street. San Francisco; Ray Glass,
Los Angeles; Donald Georgeson, Eure
ka; Ed Harter, San Jose; F. T. Halnes,
548 Stockton street, San Francisco;
Russell PettingllL Eureka; Freddie
Grant, Point Richmond; Ralph Brad
ley. Santa Cruz; Jerome Tallant, 2321
Buchanan street. San Francisco;
George Brows, Walnut Creek; CaL
Children,
Why Are
Fifty-Five
jp2*ise*»
Winners
This Week?
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S.F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday <ML
San Francisco:
Below In their proper man
h«*rs plcaw find my sohrttoB of
Four Different Things Seen In a
(Barber Shop and Four Great
Poets represented In this wcek'a
name puzzles:
1
a
» •... ~«
5 •••...tT.,TnMi
« ......
~ ~~~ m ~ - 1 ~r\y* ¦ ¦¦'»—
8 .•.-. — ••..»
May 29, 1904k
Name ..?•»•
Street or -\ O... ....,
Cltj .....~..~..
State ++*++— »«».«««^»
If I win I choose for prize
••••?••• ....».»•»« *««
(See list of Prtce&yWOMEN OF RANK NOTED FOR BEAUTY.
VIENNA, May 23.— The commander
of the Viennese army corps has issued
an order to his officers forbidding them
to have any social int course with the
Duke of Parma.
The reason is that the Duke has re
ceived Into his. household Count Le
dochowsky, a former captain of the
general staff, who was dismissed the
army for being a leader of the anti
duel movement ¦ — — .,
Duke of Parma is Boycotted.
ZERMATT, Switzerland. May 28.—
An immense avalanche fell recently
from the . Spitzhorn mountain, near
Brlga, and. after many days of hard
work fourteen bodies have been dis
covered. The size of the avalanche is
calculated at 7,000,000 cubic feet, and
Its motion was so rapid that the wind
raised by.it transported a woman for
a distance of . 300 feet. Many of the
victims died of asphyxia . without even
& scratch ~~ — ¦ —
Great Avalanches in the Alps.
PARIS, May zs. — me present style or
dresses with sloping shoulders jias ef
fectually banished large tulle ruches.
Boas are also losing favor, and their
place Is being taken by stoles. The
most elegant of these light wraps,
made of ostrich feathers, fall to the
knees, and are five or six inches wide.
Some smart ones are seen, however. In
boulllone silk muslin with entredeux
Chantilly lace. Among favorite dress
materials are extremely supple fou
lards, fine . striped or small checkered
taffetas and mussore in soft colors.
Tulle Rnches Out of Style.
LONDON, May 28.— These rules for
prolonging life have been laid down be
fore the Royal College of Physicians,
London, by Dr. Herman Weber:
Moderation In eating, drinking and
physical indulgence.
Pure air, out of the house and within.
Keep every vital organ in constant
working order. " «
Regular exercise every day in all
weathers.
Sleep only from six to seven hours,
going to bed' early and rtslng early.
Daily baths — warm one day, cold the
next. (
Regular work and m ital occupation.
Cultivate .. placidity, cheerfulness,
hopefulness.
Control passion &-id nervous fear.
' Strengthen ; the will ir carrying out
•whatever is useful.
Check the craving for stimulants
and anodynes. •
Some New Health Rules.
Tailors Criticise Pictures.
LONDON,' May 28.— "After carefully
inspecting the • pictures at : the ' Royal
Academy," says the Tailor and Cutter,
"we have) come, to the conclusion that
many of ' the ¦ painters > cannot draw
with any degree of accuracy, and some
of them blend their colors in such an
original' way that they.. border on the
LONDON, May 28.— "Do high build
ings cause small heads and do small
heads mean short lives?" Dr. Warner,
who has examined 100,000 London chil
dren, traces a connection between phy
sical degeneracy and high buildings.
"One of the signs of physical deterior
ation," says Dr. Warner, "Is that heads
are growing smaller, especially in the
case" of females.. This form of degen
eracy is very nearly connected with
the erection of high buildings. When
we come to look at the condition of
children in districts where the resi
dences v are of a great height and size
we find a larger proportion tpf small
heads.
"I do not offer any explanation to the
facts, but if we find that as a fact
these great dwellings which are being
erected everywhere 'are the cause of
physical deterioration, that millions of
money will have to be spent in years to
come in pulling them down. *
"Want of air and light, perhaps, may
be a connection between high buildings
and the corresponding, deterioration. •
Small-headed children are. not confined
to the poorer classes. On the contrary,
it is quite marked among children, of
the wealthy. They are all bound to die
London Physician Says Human Heads
Grow Smaller as Buildings
Become Higher.
PHYSICAL DECAY DUE
TO TALL STRUCTURES
LONDON, May 28.— A memorial of a
singular character was read at the
Gloucestershire education committee
meeting recently. Some time ago the
committee passed a resolution that as
part of the religious Instruction to the
children simple stories from the Old
Testament should be given.
A number of scientists residing in
the county a memorial point out
that such simple stories as those of the
fall, the flood, the ark and the tqwer of
Babel are opposed to the teaching of
biology, geology, anthropology and
philology, and they say that If these
stories are to be taught as truths the
committee will be "going far to stunt
the Intellectual development of the
children."
ratives Stunt Growth of
Children.
English Scientist Says Scriptural Nar-
DECLARES THAT BIBLE
STORIES- ARE HARMFUL
The fair, stranger replied r^ "Your
majesty, I desired to as you if you
would like to marry me."
The King, who was naturally aston
ished at the strange request, replied,
"I fear I am too old," and, summoning
an officer, had the lady politely con
ducted to the door.
When she entered into the audience
chamber the King asked: "What can
I do for you, madam?"
BERLIN, May 28.— The Vossische
Zeitung relates the story of a strange
offer of marriage received by the aged
King of Denmark, who celebrated his
86th birthday recently.
His Majesty devotes one morning
weekly to "the reception of any one
who desires to present f any kind of pe
tition to him. and one morning the
visitors included a well dressed lady
of considerable personal x charms, and
obviously of good birth.
Ruler of Denmark Receives a Caller
Who Espressos Wish to Marry
Him.
MAKES LEAP YEAR
PROPOSAL TO KING
This veteran photographer considers .
that he owes his fortune, which must
be sizable, to King Edward. Many
years ago there was a terrible colliery
accident at Hartley, in Yorkshire. King
Edward, who was then quite a young
man, ordered Downey to take a set of.,
photographs of the disaster. This was ,
done to the then Prince of Wales' sat
isfaction, and at the York Agricultural
Show Downey received permission to -
photograph the Prince and Princess—
the present Queen. 'Her Majesty de-~
CAMERA MAN MAKES MONEY.
"The Country Girl." The accompanying
picture of Miss Millar is the likeness
of her most In demand at present and
shows her as she appears In "The Or
chid," of which her song, "Little Mary,"
Is the big hit.
It seems to be n question whether
Gertie Millar or her American rival,
Billie Burke, is most popular with
the photograph buyers at present— a
state of things at which no one who
compares their likenesses will wonder.
Miss Burke is even more of a new
comer in London than the Gaiety fa
vorite. She came over here first about
a year ago and sang "coon" songs at
the music halls. She "scored" at once,
George Edwardes, who was looking
for somebody to do Justice to a partic
ularly "catchy" melody of the darky
variety that Leslie Stuart had writ
ten for "The School fclrl," engaged the
fair Billie. Despite the fact that Edna
May was supposedly the "star" of the
"School Girl," the first night notices
recorded the fact that Miss Burke and
her ditty, "My Little Canoe," scored
the success of- the evening, and. at last
accounts, she had repeated the per
formance for the three hundred and
fiftieth time- Miss Burke is pretty
.and talented enough to command a
fat salary indefinitely, but no doubt
the handsome sum which the sale of
her photographs brings to her will not
come amiss.
j. W. Downey, the court pho
tographer already quoted and who
makes a specialty of "taking" celebri
ties, is now an old man, and during
his long career has photographed near
ly every member of royalty in Europe.
Three Czars of Russia, two Emperors
of Germany (the Kaiser and the Em
peror Frederick), Napoleon III and
three Sultans of Turkey have sat be
fore bJs camera.
clared that the resulting picture was
the best she ever had seen, and soon
afterward Queen Victoria commanded
the photographer to take her portrait
at Balmoral. Downey arranged his
camera in a sitting-room and waited.
When the Queen came in she said: "I
can give you only five minutes, Mr.
Downey. Lord Palmerston has an ap
pointment with me, and I must not
keep him waiting." However, the pic
ture was a success; and from that mc»
ment commissions to photograph roy
alties literally poured In. Downey con
siders, however, that he practically
made his fortune through one photo
graph—that of the present Queen, then
Princess of Wales, carrying the Duch
ess of Fife, who was at the time a lit
tle girl, on her back. He sold 300,000
prints of this photograph and made
close on $40,000 out of It. At the time
of the diamond jubilee 1,000,000 prints
were sold of a photograph of Queen
Victoria also taken by Downey.
TVTLI# > CROSS ATLANTIC*
IN A HUGE IRON EGG
Norwegian Sailor Plans to Go to St.
Louis Exposition in a Curious
Craft,
COPENHAGEN, May 28.— A Norwe
gian sailor named Brude intends to
travel from Norway to St. Louis, for
the exhibition, In a curious boat of his
own design. It Is made of Iron, and
egg shaped, being entirely without an
aperture, except that there is a small
turret rising from it. with four win
dows, to enable the craft to be steered.
The vessel Is being made at the Aale
sund mechanical works. It •will have a
sort of center board keel, capable of
being raised and lowered. It will be
rigged with a mast and, lateen sail.
Brude is looking out for three other
Norsemen to go with him. He expects
the Journey will tafce two and a half
months.
LONDON, May~2S.— Miss Claire Fre
wen, - the—daughter of -* Mrs.; : Moreton
Frewen, is one of the debutantes to be
presented to their Majesties, Queen
Alexandra and King Edward VII. at
Buckingham Palace . this season. Mrs.
Moreton Frewen is a lister of Mrs.
George Cornwallis-West (Lady Ran
dolph . Churchill) and of Mrs. Jack
Leslie, who with 'her husband was se
lected to accompany the Duke and
Duchess of Connaught to the Durbar."
These three sisters, who are such fa
vorites with royalty, are still known in
London society as "the Jerome sisters
of New York." As she intends doing
a great deal of entertaining this sea
son Mrs. Moreton Frewen has taken a
large house in St. Cumberland place
on the north side of Hyde Park, where
Mrs. George Cornwallis-West also has
a house.
But Miss Claire Frewen is not look
ing forward to her first season "out"
with all the pleasurable anticipation
that usually consumes debutantes, for
accomplished, bright and entertaining
as she is, she has never yet been able
to learri dancing. The art of Terp
sichore holds no charms whatever for
her and she consequently hates balls
and dancing parties. Every endeavor
has been made that she might learn
this almost indispensable social art, but
without any encouraging results what
ever, and Miss Claire would only too
willingly give up, if she were able, all
this part of her "season" to her bright
and handsome cousin Ruby, who loves
dancing to an exceptional degree, but
who, living over in Ireland, has few
opportunities of indulging In the de
lightful pastime.
Both these girls are great friends of
Miss Post, whose aunts. Lady Barry.
more and Mrs. Adalr, do so much en
tertaining on her account. It was, In
fact, 'for Miss Post that Mrs. Adalr
gave her celebrated fancy dress ball
last season.
sooner than they normally would. They
are not necessarily unintelligent, but
they have noJt the, necessary strength
for a long life," ".' ~~ ""¦'_ - • ~ '-* *"""
Parties Abhorred by
Daughter of Mrs.
Trewen.
The exemption which the King en
joys from the operation of the law
which compels number plates to be dis
played on automobiles enables him to
add something to the fun which he con
trives to get out of life despite all the
fuss and ceremony which hedges him
about. When "moting" he nearly al
ways exceeds the speed limit and the
indignation which this spectacle nat
urally arouses in the breast of the
rural constable is increased ten fold
when he beholds a car dash by him
that shows no number. In language
more emphatic than polite he com
mands the offending motorist to halt
that he may take his name and ad
dress. The King dutifully obeys. When
the situation IS explained the limb of
the law retires behind a hedge to kick
himself and his Majesty realizes what
a bracing tonic Is a hearty laugh.
Mrs. Stockton, the wife of Captain
Stockton, the naval attache at the
American Embassy in London, is seen
out and about everywhere in spite of
the fact that she Is seriously ill with
dyspepsia. The doctors declare this to
be the result of change of climate and
of the absence of sun which is depress
ing so many people to the verge of seri
ous maladies. Though dining out and
lunching out, Mrs. Stockton only nom
inally eats, her hope of cure coming
with the bright society she meets at
the luncheon and dinner parties and
not with the dainty edibles prepared
by the hostesses for the delectation of
their guests. Mrs. Stockton lives in a
flat In Ashley Gardens, Westminister,
under the shadow of London's new
Roman Catholic Cathedral, and in close
touch with the American Embassy In
Victoria street.
LONDON. May 23.— Although Kins
Edward failed to capture the Grand
National with Ambush II, his Majesty
was much more fortunate than many
of his subjects, who backed the horse
to win. The King had only one small
bet on the horse himself, and that same
night he recouped himself for his loss
many times over by his success at
bridge, being favored with a phenom
enal run of luck. The Queen, who is a
pattern of womanly virtue in all things,
never plays hrldze. Jmt..llxe_ King is
passionately fond of the game and
takes a hand at It whenever he gets a
chance. It is a singular fact that the
King owes not a little of his popularity
to his lack of puritanical virtues and
his devotion to some things which the
nonconformist conscience classified as
among the national vices. Her Majesty,
on the other hand, Is adored because
she sticks rigidly to the straight and
narrow path of feminine propriety, even
to the point of prudery. Just on what
terms they agree to disagree as regards
their tastes and feelings i3 a royal se
cret, of which occasional whispers are
heard in society.
ONE BUD
WHO HATES
DANCING
England's Ruler Is a
Great Player at
the Game. 1
KING WINS
TIDY SUMS
AT BRIDGE
For some time past Lady Malcolm
has been trying to persuade one of the
smart ladles* clubs to let her have a
room in one of the clubhouses always
reserved for her. But as such an ar
rangement as this clashes with the
most stringent of general club rules,
this little pied-a-terre in London is not,
yet an • accomplished fact and Lady
Malcolm is.' perftn-ce. obliged to con
tinue her patronage of n«r favorite
Jtiotei,
It is a son of Lady Malcolm's broth
er-in-law, the present owner of Poltal
lock, whe is the Ian Malcolm, M. P.,
who married Jeanne Langtry, the
daughter of airs. Langtry. This has
greatly shocked the rigid Scotch fam
ily of the Malcolms, to whom a "play
actress" is still far beyond the pale.
Among Lady Malcolm's other eccen
tricities, she, when in London, always
carried her Jewel bag in her hand. This
receptacle contains some most valuable
pieces of Jewelry, among others sev
eral Immense ropes of wonderful
pearls.
A London house and all th» bother
of servants that such an establishment
entails would not be at all to the liking
of Lady Malcolm, who prefers, when
she comes up to town, and this, by the
way, is pretty frequently, to go to a
hotel.
Many are the stories of her pleadings
on behalf of tired animals. She is, of
course, a Ms subscriber to all the socle
tics for dumb creatures. On one occa
sion when offering a cabman his legal
fare he began to demur, as cabmen
will, and asked for more than the 5
shillings. "Well." replied Lady Mal
colm, "if I give you 10 will you take
your horse home and give him a rest?"
Equines, old and worn out, that are
not likely to be well cared for in their
old age, Lady Malcolm takes under her
winp: and spends her life In devotion to
them. So it Is likely that her estate in
Kentucky will in all probability mean
another "home for horses."
Though not what- is termed a smart
American woman. Lady Malcolm Is a
very well-known figure in London and
Is dubbed a "perfect character" on ac
count of her love for old horses. At
Barnardiston Hall, in Suffolk, the es
tate she bought on the death of her
husband, she has no less than thirty of
them under her especial care. The Hal!,
an old and historic one. has under her
guidance been entirely changed and re
modeled, so that the stable, always
her first thought, now faces the draw
ing-room, so that Lady Malcolm. can
see all that Is done to her old pension
ers. And every morning: when In Suf
folk her Ladyship herself Inspects the
exercising of these old creatures, going
out to view the work clad in a short
skirt, ton boots and bowler hat. and
with whii> In hand. When in London
Lady Malcolm wears always two veil
ings of chiffon over her face, through
can be seen her fringe of fair
hair. For the street her hair Is con
fined with pins, but as soon as she gets
indoors it Is released from these con
fining prongs and allowed to flow down
about her shoulders.
Lady Malcolm of Poltallock is an
American by birth, her father having
been a planter in the South. Her first
husband, H. Gardner Lister, was also
an American and she became the sec
ond wife of Malcolm of Poltallock in
1897. a year after he had been made
a Baron of the United Kinsdom. The
Malcolms of Poltallock are a very old
Scottish family, and it was with very
great regret that on the death of her
husband, who died about two years
ago when traveling in the Riviera.
Lady Malcolm had to give up Poltal
lock, a place of great historic interest
in Argyllshire, Scotland. The gran
deur of the views from Poltallock
have often been spoken of in history
and. there being no direct issue. lord
ly Poltallock had to pass on to the
brother of Baron Malcolm.
LONDON. May 23.— Within the
next few months Lady Malcolm of
Poltallock will be leaving England for
the United States on a sort of house
hunting expedition, for her Ladyship
feels that she can no longer stand the
English winters and the whole of her
time in America is to be devoted to
scouring Kentucky to find some little
estate suitable for a winter home.
Sets of houses and lands there may be
plenty in the State of Kentucky, but
it may not be easy for Lady Malcolm
to discover exactly what she desires,
for her tastes are peculiar and to her
of more importance than her own
comfortable housing i3 the housing of
all the poor old horses which, wher
ever she goes, she collects and takes
care of.
Animals of London
Will Lose a
Friend.
ill, was asked for more ofter than that
of any other beauty, m - ith the exception
of the Queen. This seemed rather sur
prising, considering how lonp; the pres
ent Mrs. Cornwallis-West has been in
this country, but my informant con-
Fidered it due to the titled American
woman's constant social activity and
prominence. The young Duchess of
Westminster, whose husband is sup
posed to be the richest in this country,
was named as the English society
woman who#e popularity with the
buyers cf photographs is second only
to that of Lady Randolph ChurchilL
Oddly enough, the two are sisters-in
law, the Duchess, before her marriagre,
having been Miss Fhelagh West. Other
society women who undoubtedly gain a
tidy amount of pin money through the
tale of their photographs are the
Countess of Warwick, tAdy de Grey,
Lady Helen Vincent and Lady Pole
<arew, who perhaps can be described
as the most classically beautiful
women in English society. By the
wa y, I was told that among the keenest
buyers of photographs of British
women of title are American tourists
of the rentier sex.
EDNA MAY A "SELLER."
Edna May still "sells" well, but ac
ceding to the dealers the actresses
who now are in all probability making
most money out of the sale of their
likenesses are Gertie Millar, of the
"Oaiety." and Billle Burke, the Ameri
can girl who has made a hit at the
Trince of Wales'. Miss Millar is com
paratively a new-comer, but her good,
looks and talent have carried her along
50 fast that the is now the bright
particular female star at the Gaiety.
Sh<" made her debut at the Old Gaiety,
in "The Toreador," where she sang
"Keep Off the Grass" and "Captivating
Ora." and promptly became the rage.
Perhaps she might have followed the
example of Regie Boote, now Marchion
ess of Headfort. Belle Bllton, now
Lady Clancarty, and Connie Gilchrist,
now Countess of Orkney, and married
Into the peerage, but instead she be
stowed her hand upon the young com
poser of the songs with which she made
her hit, Lionel Monckton, who also
wrote "Oh! Listen to the Band." and
There is no doubt what woman it is
photograph now enjoy6 the
largest sale in this country. Queen
Alexandra enjoys this distinction, but,
of course, etiquette forbids her Maj
esty to make any profit out of the sale
of her pictures. The most popular pic
ture of the Queen is one taken in the
robes end cap of a doctor of music.
This has sold by scores of thousands.
and it is estimated that the total num
ber of the Queen's pictures disposed of
must run well into seven figures and
that her Majesty could easily make
S75M1 a year through their sale if she
<ared to do so.
There is, of course, nothing to pre
vent a beautiful society woman from
"realizing" on the sale of her pictures.
At a fashionable photograph shop in
the "West End" I was told yesterday
that the picture of an American worr
an, the former Lady Randolph Church-
QUEE.VS PHOTO IX DEMAND.
I was told the other day by J. W.
Downey, the leading: court pho
tographer, of Ebury street, Belgravia.
that at the present moment there are
et least six women in England whose
pood looks bring them in from 5250
to 55000 a year in this way, and there
are at lea«=t 100 who are in receipt of
incomes rar.ging from $250 to $1250 a
yejn- from royalties on the sale of
their photographs.
Mrs. Langtry. however, is supposed
to hold the record for this sort of
money making. When the craze over
her was at its height 800.000 photo
graphs of the "Jersey Lily" were sold
in Great Britain, their fair subject re
ceiving 6 cents per copy royalty and
clearing 550.000. Mary Anderson's pho
tographs also had a huge sale, going
at the rate of something like 100,000
a year for a decade. Maud Jeffries, the
American girl who played Mercia in
"U'ilscn B^rr.ett> t '.'Sign of the Cross,"
made 510.000 in less than two years out
of photograph royalties, while Edna
May is supposed to have done even
better. During the run of "The Belle
of New York" in London the Syracuse
frirl's portraits were being distributed
in this country at the rate of 5000 a
v tek.
LONDON. May 2S.— Probably ther«
isn't any country in the world where
It pays better to have a pretty face
thaa it does here in England — that is.
pays better Sn hard each. Good looks
tiave always been at a premium in this
country, ar.d the public fond of own
ing pictures of noted beauties, but in
the last ten or fifteen years this craze
h£F etottti to such an extent that pho
tographers here pay heavy royalties
to handsome society and stage women
in return for the exclusive privilege of
takirg and selling their likenesses.
Several American
Actresses on
the List.
Lady Malcolm to
Return to Her
Old Home.
Queen's Picture Is
of All Most
Popular.
Pretty Faces Are
in Demand in
Britain.
DISLIKES
ENGLISH
WINTERS
BEAUTY IS PRIZED IN LONDON AND FORTUNES ARE MADE
OUT OF THE ROYALTIES FROM THE SALE OF PHOTOGRAPHS
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1904.
7 ,- . - -
Pages 17 to 20
Pages 17 to 20¦ • , ..... - - ' 'y/jBff/ 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1904.
In the past two weeks Home council
of this city has Initiated eight candi
dates and it has several more to ad
mit at the next meeting. This coun
cil contemplates having an at home in
the near. future.
A new council was instituted at Hay
wards in the early part of last week.
Later" in the week one was instituted
in Modesto and another was to be in
stituted, in Stanislaus County.
The supreme office is in receipt of
encouraging reports from Los Angeles,
Pasadena, Whittler and other points
south of Los Angeles. It Is expected
that a new council will shortly be in
stituted in Redlands.
Pendo's supreme councilor, Tugwell,
has returned from a visit to the States
of Washington and Oregon, where he
visited the councils and reports them
as doing excellent work for the order.
Order of Pendo.
Last week Companion Court
Yerba Buena, L O. O. F., gave an at
home in its lodge room in the Shiels
building, at which there was a" large
attendance of the members of Court
Yerba Bm!na and Court Southern
Heights. Mrs. J. W. Bishop was the
mistress of ceremonies and under her
direction there was presented the fol
lowing programme of entertainment:
Vocal solo, John Davidson; instru
mental solo, George Geishman; fancy
dance, R. Rintoul; vocal selections, B.
Rintoul; ballads, George Dow; special
ties, James Patterson, Thomas E.
Strang and George Kluge, and an ad
dress by Ben I. Salomon. Refreshments
were served after the programme.
• The local courts of the Independent
Order of Foresters will have a* grand
family outing at Los Gatos'on Sep
tember 9. The companion courts will
assist.
The San Francisco board of.dep-
Independent Foresters.
The visit of Grand Guardian Mrs.
Carrie C. Van Ordell of Pendleton,
Or., to California Circle of the Women
of Woodcraft on the third Friday in
May was a pleasant close to the series
of visitations the grand officer has
made to circles of the order in this
State. There was a shorty business
meeting and a brief programme of
music, song and speech, contributed
by, Mrs. Di Cavanagh, Mr. Craw and
Neighbor Stock, after which a hand
some leather sofa cushion, bearing the
seal of State on one side, and the
emblem of the order on the other, the
work of George W. Baltic, one of the'
neighbors, to the visiting officer. This
was followed by a banquet, at which
Laurence Vincent was the toastmaster.
The grand guardian delivered an in
teresting address, in which she an
nounced her pleasure in having met
with the neighbors of California, and
expressed the hope . that when she
again comes to this State she will find
the membership still as enthusiastic
as at this time. The affair was car
ried to a successful issue by Grace
Davis, Mrs. G. ,W. Baltic, Alice Ma-
Woodcraft.
A series of successful parties given in
Sacramento by La Banaera Parlor,
Native Daughters of the Golden West,
closed with a May party in the first
half of the current month. It was a
delightful, successful affair in every
v.ay and surpassed any previously
given. The hall was decorated with
evergreens and wild mustard blossoms
arranged most artistically by Miss
Elsie McKenna, assisted by tbe Misses
Olive Sheehan. Emma Scott, Eva Erie
wine, Cecil Nicholas, Effie Croucher and
Ethel Backrath. There was excellent
music and a well arranged programme
which was enjoyed by many of the well
known people of the capital city.
La Estrella Parlor. N. D. G. W., will
give Its eighth anniversary ball in
Golden Gate Hall May 3L It is to be an
invitation affair and the c"ards call for
full dress.
Sans Souci Parlor, on the fourth
Monday in May, had a very pleasant
party In its meeting place in the Odd
Feilows' building. There was' a pleas
ing programme of music and song, fol
lowed by dancing. The affair was under
the • direction of Ray Bloom, Tessie
Richardson, Sadie Oppenheimer, Grace
Native Daughters.
The'visit of Supreme Oracle Mrs. E,
D. Watt to the local camp of tha
Royal Neighbors of the Woodmen ofl
the World last week was a very pleas
ant affair, that was greatly enjoyed
by the large number of members ofl
the order and members of the Modern
Woodmen who were present. Mrs.
Watt delivered a very interesting tallc
on the work of the order that waa
listened to with marked attention.
The lady has a happy way of telling
of most commonplace things in a
most entertaining manner, and what
she said was frequently applauded.
Goodfellowship Camp is still work
ing along the line of adding to its
membership and drilling its initiatory
team in the way it should go. Tho
chief forester and his men will soon
have a set of uniforms and will then
be able to put on the work in the
amplified form as it should be, ac
cording to the ritual. - *
Occidental Camp reports good pro
gress and that its field workers are
not slow in doing that which will in
crease the numerical strength of the
Camp.
Modern Woodmen.
Calumet Tribe is still active, taking
in palefaces at almost every meeting.
With next month the charter closes
and then the. advantages of being a
charter member will disappear, and
future candidates for admission will
have to stand the fee that is fixed for
non-charter members.- This tribe will
elect new chiefs during the first meet
ing in June.
A new tribe was instituted
week, with a goodly charter list, by
Great Sachem -Samuels and other
great chiefs, assisted by the degree
team of Pltiaches Tribe.
From information received from the
builders of the new wigwam on Gold
en Gate avenue it is now an assured
fact that, the building will be In a
condition to permit the Great Council
of this State to hold its sessions there..
A new council of the Degree of Po
cahontas, which has been named Ne
nemoosha, was instituted at Riverside
last week by Deputy Great Pocahon
tas Mrs. Lizzie Booth of Los Angeles.
The new council starts with forty
three charter members.
Chlckasaw Tribe, the new subordi
nate at the Mission, at its meeting last
week adopted fourteen palefaces, the
adoption degree being conferred by
Willipr Tribe "and the warrioni' degree
by White Eagle Tribe. This tribe was
at the same time visited by Great Chief
of Records Bliss and other great chiefs,
who each gave the members an inter
esting talk. "';..•
Poanochee Tribe had a night at the
Chutes last week and there was a large
attendance. ' .
Osceola Tribe will give an entertain
ment and dance at Union Square Hall
on the night of June 2.
The'degree team of Pocahontas Tribe,
accompanied , by several of the great
chiefs and' delegations from the. tribes
in' Napa, St. Helena and Benlcia, vis
ited * Samoset Tribe in yallejo last
The various tribes of the Improved
Order of Red Men In San Francisco,
together with the councils of the De
gVee of Pocahontas, are making prep
arations for a grand patriotic celebra
tion and picnic at Glen Park July 4.
Improved Red Men.
Court Justice has arranged for a pic
nic at Fernbrook Park July 10. A. B.
Raymond is the chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements.
San Francisco Circle had a most de
lightful leap- year party in Mission Op
era Hall on May 21. There was a large
attendance and the leap year rules
were carriedout In. the most admirable
manner possible by the following
named:
Chief of Police. Mrs. George A. Steil;
jailers, Miss Mary Foye and Miss Tlllie
Osthoff ; patrolmen, Mrs. D. O'Calla
ghan, Mrs. Samuel Hall, Mrs. Kate
Inskeep, Mrs. J. H. Armstrong, Mrs.
Peter Diehl, Mrs. W. H. Cole, Mrs.
Stuessi, Mrs. Thorp, Mrs/James O'Con
nor, Mrs. Paul F. Schmidt, Misses Eliz
abeth Osthoff, Mary Lynch, Callie Bra
dy, Mabel- Powers, Rose Tierney, Ellen
Sorgenfrey, Nora Barry, Elena Gillies,
Mary Daly, Kate Daly, Grace McGbw
an, Annie McCarthy, Mary Haff ey and
Annie Gheen. .
Lawton Circle No. 709 was instituted
in Washington Square Hall May. 18
The excursion to Stockton given, by
Court Verbano and Verbano Circle of
Oakland was attended by more than
3000 people. The excursionists had a
delightful time at Oak Park.
Court Palo Alto had a social function
in Native Sons' Hall on Friday even
ing.
At a meeting of Court Huburtus last
week, after the business of the even
ing, there "was an evening of enter
tainment followed by addresses by the
versatile grand recording secretary,
Dr. C. M. Troppmann,' Jacob Label of
the American Forester • Review,
Messrs. Johnston, Miller, Harris and
Goodwin.
LEADERS IN THE FRA
TERNAL SOCIETIES
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
doctor has the extraordinary faculty
of being able to address a half dozen
audiences in succession and not repeat
ing himself, yet at the' same time al
ways delivering an interesting and in
structive talk about the order.
California Lodge No. 1, Knights of
Pythias, at its convention on the first
Friday in May, confeYred the knight
rank on four esquires in the presence of
a large number of members and visi
tors. After this work, the social com
mittee took charge and presented * an
interesting programme of vaudeville
numbers, at the close of which a colla
tion and refreshments were served. For
more than six months past this lodge
has been conferring ranks at each
meeting and it now has a membership
of nearly 150.
McKinley Company No. 2, Uniform
Rank, K. of P., is making elaborate
preparations for an excursion to and
picnic at Sunset Park in the Santa
Cruz mountains on June 8. This com
pany is acting in conjunction with
Liberty Company No. 11 of Oakland and
San Leandro Company No. 69 of San
Leandro In this matter. There will be
a good programme of entertainment on
the grounds. These companies intend
to go to the encampment of the Uni
form Rank to be held in Louisville, Ky.,
next August, and the proceeds of the
picnic will be used to help defray the
expenses of the trip to the encamp-
Knights of Pythias.
Court Bay City, Foresters of Amer
ica, had a "hot time" at its smoker,
given on the third Thursday in May
in the social hall of the Alcazar build
ing. J. Kallmann called the meeting
to order and acted as master of cere
monies during the evening. There was
a pleasing programme, consisting of
musical and literary numbers and
specialties by M. Klein, M. Barnett,
W. Healey, J. Finnegan, H. Sullivan,
H. Strulzaft, Professor Renne, Arthur
Brown, M. J. Barruth, Riley and Dil
bert. Grand Recording Secretary Dr.
Troppmann delivered one of those elo
quent addresses in behalf of- the order
which have made him ¦ famous. The
Foresters of America.
Court Pacific Grove at its first meet
ing after the adjournment of the High
Court initiated three strangers. Dr.
W. D. Grimes is the spirit that is mov
ing the court.
Mrs. Hattie M. G ingles of Santa
Amanda Circle is one of the very ac
tive members of the order, who, dur
ing the recent session of the Supreme
Grand Circle) took a very prominent
part in the proceedings. She was
urged to stand for high honors, but
she declined and her speech of de
clination was one of the masterly ef
forts of the day.
Last week the members of Wash
ington Circle tendered a reception to
Miss May Falconer, one of its past
chief companions, who are elected su
preme grand secrej/iry.
The delegate to the recent session of
the Subsidiary High Court of the An
cient Order of Foresters held in this
city who traveled the longest distance
to attend the session was M. C. Pacheco
of Court Camoes, of Honolulu^ H. I.
He is connected with the Bulletin of
that city, and for that reason was
placed on the press committee with
Robert Maehl of Court Calistoga. The
court of which Mr. Pacheco is a mem
ber has a membership of 143 and has
54991 in its treasury.
The social given on the second Satur
day in'May In the A. O. F, building,
under the auspices of the picnic associ
ation of the Ancient Order of Foresters,
was as pleasant an affair as has ever
been given by a branch of this order.
The attendance was good and there was
good dance music.
The following named have been
elected trustees of the Supreme
Grand Circle of the Companions of
the Forest: Mrs. M. Dougherty, Mrs.
A. Warner, Mrs. C. Washington. The
final arbitrators are Mrs. A. M. Phil
lips, Mrs. H. A. Bronson, Mrs. R.
Kibby, Mrs. C. Kruck, Mrs. M. Mar
tin, Mrs. A. Asman and Mrs. J. Ben
nett. The auditors ,are Mrs. 'M. J.
Va'lente, Mrs. Kate Howard and Mrs.
M. Asher. The following named have
been appointed the finance commit
tee: Mrs. M. A. Castle, Mrs. M. Cum
mings and Miss E. Wunderlich.
Ancient Order Foresters.
Court Golden Gate had a social time
last week and there were many pres
ent to enjoy the entertainment offered.
uties held a meeting 1 last week and
discussed plans for work by the mem
bers In the near future. The board
was visited by High Chief Ranger
Wirshing, who gave it some good ad
vice and told of the work that is be
ing done in Los Angeles.
Bay City Circle gave an agreeable
social in the social hall of the Alca
zar building last week. There was a
good attendance and all enjoyed the
entertainment. There was a well ar
ranged programme of dances.
with fifty-three charter members.
At the meeting of James G. Blaine
Circle of the Companions of the Forest
of America last week the supreme sub
chief companion, who for- a long time
has been the deputy, retired from that
office and her retirement was made the
occasion of presenting to one of the
most affable and efficient officers that
ever held a deputyship, a token of ap
preciation of services in the shape of
a handsome sofa pillow.
The voting for queen of the car
nival that is to be given next month
In aid of the San Francisco board of
relief of the Foresters of America,
under the auspices of that board, was
closed last week. Miss Margaret
Alexander of James G. Blaine Circle
was the winner of the honor,' she hav
ing received 3915 votes. The others
who received high votes were Tessie
Vehey, 2997; A. Victorson, 1868; C.
Tucker, 1728, and Maude Adams,
1789. .
Fraternal Brotherhood.
On the third Friday in May Pro-,
gress Lodge of the Fraternal Brother
hood joined with San Francisco Lodg«J
of the same order to tender a recep
tion to Mrs. E. R. Neidig. vice presi
dent of the order, in the hall of tha
last named lodge in the Native Sons*
building. There were present repre
sentatives from all the local lodges,
and it was one of the most representa
tive meetings of the order held in this
city in many years. The guest of tha
evening .delivered a very interesting
address about the order and its pro
gress in this and other States. She
took occasion to say that she had seen
drill teams of the order in many of
the lodges and thought that she had
seen the acme of perfection, but that
she had to hand the palm to the ona
of Progress Lodge, which is composed
of young ladies and gentlemen who
are enthuslastlsts in the work. -Tha
visitor was presented by Progress
Lodge a basket of beautiful flowers In
the colors of the order, yellow and
white. After the address of the visitoc
there were addresses by H. C. Lewis,
general organizer; Deputy Organizes
T. H. Carr, the president of each ofl
several lodges and others. >~*rO
Mission Lodge No. 296 had a basket
social In Excelsior Hall on the fourtli
Thursday in May. Each lady who
attended brought a basket or box con
taining lunch for two, and these were
auctioned off to the gentlemen, tha
purchaser being obliged to lunch with!
the lady who brought It. After th«
lunching there was dancing.
Golden Gate Council at its last held
meeting received three applications for
membership, and at the close of the
meeting there was a sdcial hour.
The Cabinet visit for May was to
Pacific Council. A few enthusiastic
members of the old guard were on hana
and there were a number of speeches
for the good of the organization. Gen
eral Deputy Joseph A. Wilson was on
hand and urged all present "to get that
man." I
California Council at itsiast held
meeting Initiated one stranger and re
ceived five applications for member
ship, and under social entertainment
the speaker provided an hour's amuse
ment for the members and visitors.
El Capitan Council, the small coun
cil. Is still progressing and each mem
ber is doing his best "to get that man."
This council has the record of having
initiated in the past three months more
strangers into the order than all the
other councils combined.
San Francisco Council, at its last
held meeting, after the disposition of
routine business, entertained member*
and visitors with progressive whist and
light refreshments.
El Capitan Council numbers in its
membership at this time two of the
very prominent members of the Wood
men of the World — Head Consul F. A.
Falkenberg and California State Or
ganizer P. F. Gilroy.
Joseph A. Wilson, recently appointed
general deputy for this order, is active
ly at work at this time visiting all
councils and enthusing them upon the
necessity of Inaklng as good a showing,
if not a better one than the other fra
ternal beneficiary associations that are
reaching out for members in this city.
A large number of the members of the
several councils have pledged them
selves to "give him one man" within
thirty days, and if all are faithful the
deputy will roll up a very large num
ber of new members.
Columbia Assembly No. 1, Ladles of
the National Union, celebrated its re
moval Into new quarters in the Native
Sons' building on the third Thursday
in May by a housewarming after a
short business session and the initiation
of several candidates. There was a
game of progressive whist, after which
there was dancing for an hour. In the
absence of President Mrs. D. Oliver,
who has been quite ill for some time,
Past President Mrs. Hovey presided.
This assembly will give a basket picnic
and dance in its hall June 15. A hand
some prize will be given to the lady
whose basket and luncheon will bring
the highest price at the auction of bas
kets and contents.
National Union.
Occident Parlor of Eureka, Humboldt
County, had a very successful celebra
tion in the observing of Dewey day.
At the close of a recent meeting
the members of Las Lomas Parlor en
tertained a number of their lady
friends with a minstrel high jinks.
Miss Annie F. Lacy acted »as
interlocutor, while Mattie Farris and
Theresa Melbourne were the end peo
ple. The others who took part were:
Mrs. Lillie Kern, Mrs. May Lacy, Miss
Rose Smith, Miss Sadie Mad
sen, Miss Jessie Harp, Miss Kate
Whalen, Mrs. Siddie Daggett, Mrs.
Gussie Ormond, Mrs. Gertrude Sinse
heimer, Miss Josie Drew, Mrs. Hattie
Ehlert and* Mabel Driscoll. The end
people entertained with up-to-date
melodies, the soloists sang sweet bal
lads, the interlocutor assisted in a mas
terly manner in presenting old joke3
in new garbs, the Cherry sisters made
their reappearance in specialties, and
there were other specialties that were,
as one of the spectators said after the
show, "simply immense."
On the occasion of the recent laying
of the cornerstone of the new court
house in Redwood City, Bonita Parlor
was the special feature of the parade.
The members were highly compliment
ed for the fine appearance they made
in line.
Miss Louise Roussel, secretary of
Bonita Parlor, and Miss Ida M. Greene,
secretary of Copa del Oro Parlor, will
shortly visit the World's Fair at St.
Louis.
The members of this parlor on the
memorial- day of the order decorated
the graves of departed sisters, and in
the evening had appropriate services
In its hall.
The people of Anderson, Shasta
County, had a great Mayday celebra
tion and a parade. Prizes were offered
for the best display. The prize for the
tiest float in line was awarded to Ca
mellia Parlor, N. D. G. W. The color
scheme was golden yellow, and the
flo:ft represented the seal of the State,
Elizabeth" Smith personating California
looking down on the great seal below
her, and Miss Veva Downing-person
ating Minerva.
The parlor of Sacramento held
memorial service last week. The
oration, an able one, was delivered by
Past Grand President Mrs. W. A. Gett.
Magner and Leah Williams. The parlor
has elected Dora Bloom and Edna Levy
as delegates to the Grand Parlor, which
is to meet In Pacific Grove next month.
Minerva Parlor gave a birthday party
last week which was enjoyed by a
large number of members and some in
vited guests, Grand Secretary Laura
J. Frakes among the number. During
the evening the members and their
friends enjoyed, a banquet, followed by
a flow of Native Daughter oratory.
Keith Parlor will have a theater
party on the evening of May 30.
La Vespero Parlor had a pleasant
party in South San Frfcncisco Masonic
Hall on Wednesday evening.
week. At the landing the visitors were
met by a committee of the tribe and
a procession formed. Amid red fire and
the blowing of whistles from every
steam craft on' the bay, the procession,
preceded by a band of musics marched
to the Samoset wigwam and In due
time the visiting team conferred the
adoption degree on fifty-eight, pale
faces. After the work of the evening
there was a great feast of corn and
venison, many long talks and the
smoking of |he calumet. The follow
ing morning Great Chief of Records
Bliss and Thomas, Fink, sachem of
Pocahontas Tribe, were the guests of
Walter Howe, chief of records of Sam
oset Tribe, and after breakfast were
taken in his steam launch to this city.
The tribe at Palo Alto, which will
take part in the Fourth of July pro
cession there, has selected Great Chief
of Records Bill as the marshal of the
Red Men's division and Leon. Enemark
and A. W. Mayhew as his aids.
Bald Eagle Tribe is actively at work
at this time hunting the forest for pale
faces and bringing them before the
chiefs. At the last held meeting there
were several visitors, who entertained
the members with instructive talks in
regard to the order.
Under the supervision of Past
Sachem Thomas Roche of this city
there will be a competitive exhibition
of work in the adoption degree in the
wigwam of Elmhurst Tribe by the
team of that tribe and that of Chero
kee Tribe on May 31.
Franco- Americaine Lodge will give at
smoker to Its members and guests on
the evening of June 2. •
Miss Grace Bray, noble grand oil
Templar Lodge, was quietly married
last week to Floyd Baird, a well-known
contractor of Mission district. After
the return of the couple from the wed
ding tour the lodge will tender tha
bride a reception.
On the third Saturday In May Tem
plar Lodge had a pleasant social In Its
hall in the Odd Fellows* building under
the direction of Jennie Simmons, May
Greerer, Cora Gabel, E. Leddy, Messrs.
Gabel, Jensen and De Haven. During
the evening vocal selections were ren
dered by the Misses Luther and Misa
Ingey Winther.
Last week the subordinate and
the Rebekah Lodge at Napa held Joint
reception in honor of Congressman
Theodore Bell, who was at the last
session of the Grand Lodge elected
grand warden, and of Mrs. Dora Gard
ner who was elected president of tha
California Assembly.
On the evening of May 26 Terba
Buena Lodge gave a social to Its mem
bers and lady friends, and at the close
of an Interesting programme there wai
a dance.
Spartan Lodge had work in the ini
tiatory degree at its last meeting.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge at its
last meeting admitted three stran
gers by initiation and three mem
bers were admitted on transfea
cards. The work was most fa*
vorably commented upon. This
lodge will have a social evening May
30, and on June 13 will have an at
home.
Odd Fellowship.
The grand president has Bent two cir
cular letters to each parlor. In the one
he urges the members to prove by
earnest work their loyalty to the order
and in the other he requests each Na
tive Son to wear his emblematic button
or pin that the order may become bet
ter known.
responses to toasts by Senator J. R.
Knowland, Grand Secretary Charles H.
Turner, Major William A. Gett, District
Deputy John Straub, John Skelton, C.
Mahoney, Bert Wilson and J. B. Har
ris.
Employment committee — District No.
1, jurisdiction of San Francisco — J. F.
Linehan. J. R. Mclsaac, P. B. Stumpf;
District No. 2, jurisdiction of Sacra
mento—Joseph Greene, G. C. Sherman,
A. H. Hanley; District No. 3, jurisdic
tion of Los Angeies — I. W. Birnbaum,
H. J. Lelande, A. M. Norton.
In view of the Knights Templar at
tractions that will be in this city dur
ing the early part of September the
celebration of Admission day, which it
was supposed would this year be held
in Stockton, will be abandoned. It is
probable that the local committee will
have a celebration on September 9 in
such a manner as not to forget the
day and that other cities will be asked
to do likewise.
On the occasion of the recent visit
of many of the members of the order
to the parlor in Folsom, there were rep
resentatives from Stockton, Sacramen
to. Sunset, Oak Park, Elk Grove,
Courtland, Quincy, Placerville, Ama
dor. Pacific and Halcyon parlors. There
were 120 from Sacramento alone. The
visitors to Granite Parlor were wel
comed by Past President Ray McFar
land. and after the work of the even
ing the presentation of handsome re
galia by James Henderson on behalf of
the Sacramento parlors, to the visited
jarlor there was a banquet, the best
that Folsom could furnish. There were
— E. A. Forbes, George F. Pache, E.
Martinelli; returns — F. M. Ruther
ford, A. B. Barker, E. M. Burke; state
of the order— James M. Hanley, Na
than Coghlan, C. E. Mahoney, G. G.
Halliday, F. J. Griffln; legislation-
John F. Davis. E. Myron Wolf, J. P-
Coghlan, Ernest Weyand, F. A. Steph
onson; laws and supervision — Frank
R. Wehe, B. K. Knight. John T. York,,
H. Clay Kellogg, It. L. Beardslee;
laws of .subordinates — W. A. Gett, L.
O. Pistolesi. J. J. Van Nostrand; trans
¦portation — John T. Harraes, G. H. S.
Dryden, R. C. Sargent; instruction in
ritualistic work — D. W. Edelman,
George E. Catts. Andrew Mocker. Her
bert F. Hail, T. C. Conmy; special
r;iual committee — F. H. Dunne, L. F.
Byington, J. R. Knowland, G. J. Hans.
L. H. Mooser. M. T. Dooling, F. H.
Dam; Donner monument — C. W.
Chapman. John E. McDougald, T. J.
McGrath, Harold Power. Jr., J.
C. Tyrrell. John W. Willy; navy
yard memorial — S. J. McNight,
C. M. Belshaw, A. J. Turner;
historic landmarks — J. R. Knowland,
F. L Coombs. George Cosgrave, H. A.
Greene, Warren R. Porter, Calvert
Wilson. A. Ruef; Irrigation and forest
preservation— F. H. Dam. E. A. Forbes,
A. Caminetti. J. J. McElroy. J. A. Van
Harlingen; ritual — A. Ruef, F. A. Cut
ler, George Cosgrave, Frank D. Ryan,
John F. Davis; literature — A. Camin
etti. Thomas W. Hiekey, George J.
Hans, A. Kahwyler. Charles E. Van
Leuven? development of the resources
of California— Fletcher A. Cutler. R.
W. Musgrave. F. D. Watkins, Perley
K. Bradford, W. W. Foster, George W.
Braden, Harry C. Miller, G. W. Seldner,
Charles Boxton. T. P. Martin. H. G.
William«; publicity and press— E. B.
Hayward, W. O. Hocker, F. M. Silva,
D. D Lowney, I. L. Koppel; St. Louis
Exposition celebration— C. E. Me-
Lauprhlin (named in resolutions), H. C.
Lichtenberger, H. R. McNoble, Lewis
F. Byington. J. L. Gallagher; Camino
Ileal— J. L. Gallagher, W. D. Wagner,
M. T. Dooling. J. R. Knowland. H. C.
Lichtenberger; design for certificate of
membership— C. W. Decker, R. C. Rust,
J. A. Devoto; feasibility and advisa
bility of establishing a home for wid
ows and orphans — R. P. Troy, B. V.
Sargent, T. J. Lennon, Harry Levison,
C. D. Hayward; holding future sessions
in Yoscmite Valley— Fred H. Jung. B.
Mahoney, c' B. Cavagnaro, A. E. How
ard. L. B. Fowler.
Finance — John Porcher, John H.
Nelson, W. E. Foley; printing and sup
plies — Frank Mordecai. J. J. Neubarth,
Henry Litchenstein; appeals and griev
ances — h. g. W. Dinkelspiel. E. T.
Lampton, George L. Jones, E. C.
•Farnsworth, A. I. McSorley; petitions
Pacific Parlor ,No. 10 of the Native
Sons of the Golden West has again
received Grand Parlor honors, having
secured the election of its "silver
tongued orator," Past President Daniel
A. Ryan, as a member of the board of
grand trustees. He was one of
seventeen candidates who sought the
honor. As Pacific is proud of its new
grand afiieer it arranged a' banquet
"to our Dan, the future grand presi
dent of the order," at the Lick House.
It was one of the swellest affairs ever
given by this parlor.
.-. Grand President McLaughlin, N. S.
G. W., has announced the following
named standing committees for the
current Native Son year:
how, Mrs. ¦ M. J- Katz. Mrs. M. B.
Estl? and Annie Cornehel.
F. P. Gilroy of this city, one o&the
most prominent local Woodmen of the
"World, past consul commander of.Mia
sion Camp, has been appointed head
organizer for California to fill the
vacancy caused by the death of W. 1*
Temple.
California. Camp visited North End
Camp last week and was accompanied
by Golden Gate Camp's degree and
drill team. The last named Initiated
candidates in the protection degree for
the visited camp and the California
degree was conferred by members of
California Camp on a number of will
ing victims, who received all they
asked for. '¦¦-
There was a large attendance or
members of Woodcraft at \he theater
party given by California Camp at the
Lyceum last week, and the programme
was well received and greatly enjoyed.
18
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMNEWS OF IIAPPEXINGS
A3IOXG THE XEW I AND
OLD STAGE FAVORITES
The Chutes Theater has a good bill.
The Darwinian Temple, as they call
the monkey- house out there, has al
ways several excellent turns.
#• * *
Marcel's living art studies are still
the reigning sensation at the Orpheum
and showed not be missed. The new
numbers for the week promise ex
cellently. *
• • •
The Central also begins with a mat
inee performance to-morrow and of
fers the lively thriller, "A Celebrated
Case," as bill.
With Miss Dora de Filippe in the
role of the doll, the favorite "Toy
Maker" wiA be revived for one week
at the Tlvoll this week. Much curi
osity is evinced at the appearance of
a new "doll," Annie Myers having
made the ', part so happily known to
local playgoers. A special matinee
is announced for to-morrow.
• • *
matinee performance to-morrow af
ternoon.
-The latest Issue of the Dramatic
Mirror of New York has^ these kind
words for the San Francisco compos
er, Theodore Vogt, now in New York
to get a hearing for his two comic
operas, "Prince Asmodeus" and "The
Lily of Che-Foo":
"Theodore Vogt, musical director
and composer of San Francisco, grave
an orchestral rehearsal of 'the scores
of two of his comic operas, 'Prince
Asmodeus' and 'Lily of Che-Foo,' at
the Knickerbocker Theater last
Thursday afternoon. An Invited com
pany, * which included several well
known managers, singers and critics,
was present. *
"Mr. Vogt's music is rich in balance
and melody and'ii suggestLve of the
old Italian school of composition. The
orchestration, however, shows the in
fluence of the German school. In the
opening number of The Lily of Che-
Foo' there is a deal of delightfully
characteristic musical trickery, such
as is. to be found in Sir Arthur Sulli
van's scores. Altogether the music Is
considerably, above the .present . day
standard in New York. Mr. .Vogt, ob-
The Bostonians' new ' opera, "The
Queen of Laughter," was a great suc
cess at its initial performance at the
Nixon Theater, PIttsburg.
In the suit brought, by Louis James
against the Oriental Hotel of Dallas,
Tex., a verdict of $4000 was rendered
last Wednesday. Mr. James was ac
cused of stealing a pillow from the
hotel, and he brought suit for $20,000.
Cecilia Loftus Is to sail shortly for
London to confer with Israel Zangwill
over his new play, "The Serio-Comlc
Governess."
The "Prince of Pilsen'.' was recently
very well received in London.
Virginia Harned is to spend the sum
mer In Austria, and expects to sail
within the next two weeks.
Ralph Stuart will star next season
under the management of Ed Thur
naer.
• • •
Frohman to be leading woman of his
companies. The contract is for five
years.
"You know," she said, and It was
quite a new face, something of a Joan
of Arc about it strangely, that she
turned to me, "In the Empire Theater
one sees so many of those girls — -
not good girls — walking, walking up
and down the aisles. They look so
sad, ashamed, weary, some of them,
it's heart-breaking. I couldn't bear it
one nisht and purposely brushed up
ag-ainst one of them so that I could
apologize — 'make over her,' you know,
that she could feel that she was of
some consequence to a good woman
just for a minute."
Awkwardly expressed, perhaps, but
I think you will look far before find
ing a finer bit of feminine chivalry. 1
haven't found it.
to tho Empire in particular, by way of
the dangers of the stage, and here is
a bit of Miss Aug unintended for pub
lication, but most intimately sugges
tive:
Annie Russell will appear next sea
son in "Brother Jacques," a,' comedy
from the Vaudeville, Paris. She will
open at Washington, D. C, Novem
ber 1,
Mabel McKInley has written a two
*ct comic opera, the scene of which is
laid in Washington. It is to be pro
duced next season with Miss McKinley
in the leading role. *
It is not perhaps yet time to say that
Dr. Elgar possesses that which shall
raise him permanently above his fel
lows and shall bring about the real
"renaissance" of English music "The
Dream of Gerontius" does indeed show
a vital power, a soaring imagination,
a fervor of religious exaltation, a
dramatic impulse, a command of the
resources of choral and orchestral
writing, that put it far above any other
piece of music brought forth in Eng
land, for generations, and that have
conquered acceptance for it wherever
it has become known, in Germany as
well as in England, and now here. But
nothing else that he has done has
equaled thl3 cantata in the hold it hag
taken upon the musical public. Not the
overture "Cockaigne," nor the songs
entitled "Sea Pictures." and "The
Pipes of Pan," nor the orchestral piece
"Contrasts." which completes the list
of his compositions that had hereto
fore been heard in this city, are enough
to confirm the impression that "The
Dream of Gerontius" has made. His
earlier works are not widely known,
and attracted little attention when they
were first brought out. The next forth
coming products of his Imagination
will be watched with much eagerness,
to see if they carry out the promise
contained in his most famous work.
Yet' it must be remembered that- Dr.
Elgar Is neither a young man. nor a
beginner.
viously, does not merely 'play the
piano by ear," as do a number of the
now popular American 'composers.*
The two scores played were pleasing
and they were musicianly. *
"The worth of 'Prince Asmodeus*
and The Lily of Che-Fo6" t as prac
tical operettas could not, of course,
be in the least determined from hear
ing the orchestral rehearsal of the
music. The music, however, Is good."
THE CLEVER SOUBRETTE WHO WILL APPEAR AT FISCHER'S THIS WEEK TALKS OF HER CAREER.
Then the singer returned to sing
"Hush Thee. My Little One." with
sympathetic effectiveness. This also
was encored — and repeated. Came
then the Schubert "Auf dem Wasser
Zu Singen/* only Indifferently ren
dered and at symptoms of another
encore I Ced. StHl. Mme. Adrienna
St. Clair will probably have her re
venge one day. I shall probably have
to sit through nc-t two but seventeen
encores when she la a cumic opera
queen. And 1*11 venture the cour
ageous prophecy that it won't be Ions
to thea.
The singer's "Shadow Song" evoked
the usual complimentary encore-r
more than usually well deserved— of
the debut recital. Here was the trou
ble. Unwise counsel doubtless pre
vailed with the singer to "take" not
only one but two encores, with almost
the musical comedian's readiness. It
Is to protest here. One no more wants
to swallow a double programme than a
double dinner because one approves of
the first. But when it comes to three — !
In fact. I was encored out of the
place. Still, of one of the songs I
was glad, the ballad, "Daddy." sung 1
with quite charming feeling by the
singer. It showed her possessed both
of sympathy and poise.
Mr. Emlyn Lewys. wno accompa
nied in self-effacing fashion, then fol
lowed with a solo, the Chopin G
minor ballade, unimportantly han
dled. The audience agnin good
natnredly encored. Mr. Lewys a^aln
favored us. tJntaught by experience
the "house" again politely applauded.
The- pianist again promptly corraled
the opportunity. The audience almost
deserved the sticky bit of schoolroom
sentiment upon which Mr. Lewys
then wasted some taste and several
minutes.
I found Lyric Hall pretty well filled
when I got down there. Other3 be
sides myself were interested in the de
function of Mrs. Cora Hail, acd th»
rise^ — phenix-like — of Mme. Adrienne
St. Clair. I may as well say now that
we probably assisted at the launching
of a prima donna — comic operatic
should be fully understood. Mme. St-
Clair— oh lud, that it must be! — looked
every spangle of the part as she came
on. She is as handsome as. and not
unlike, Marguerite Sylva, with the
dark, piquant face, large shapeliness
and attractive personality of that Bel
gian beauty. And she can sing. It re
quired only a few notes of her "Shadow
Song" (Meyerbeer) to convince of that.
Many excellent features, indeed, has
this young woman's singing. She has a
lyric soprano of wide range, probably
three octaves, sweet, flexible and full,
and under fairly good control. Her at
tack Is noticeably secure, her intona
tion delightfully true and her colora
tura work — bar the trllls-^decidedly
good. She exhibits, however,' some
badly scarred notes In her upper
fortes, probably the result of forcing
the voice beyond its dynamic limits.
Her style yet has something of the
naivete and provincialism of her sta^s
name.
It is to be confessed that the name
it was that fetched me — "lime.
Adrtenne St. Clair." Not that the
statement of Mme. Abbie Carrington.
who has had the honor of teaching: the
lady to sin? — namely, "this California
girl will be one of the world's great sing
ers" — wag without interest. But it was
the name, chosen for programme pur
poses by Mrs. Cora Hall, that lured me
to her recital of last week. I had
thought the Vere de Vere extinct. With
Sweet Fifteen chewing "Ghosts" with
its gum, and "hupper" cookdom taking
to Browning societies. I had thought
the Idyllic day of the "Duchess" done.
Yet here was an "Adrienne St. Clair."
full-blown and unashamed. Did never
better Becky Sharp herself, with all
her ancestral *'Montmorenc:es." What
visions the name evoked! What pretty.
foolish echoes set a-quiver! Could the
St. Clair be as naive aa her name, her
song as artless as its Arcadian accent?
Or was she — but with further question
ings in the air I betook myself to hear
the lady warble, wishing that the god3
would throw in a hammock, an ances
tral oak or two and unlimited cara
mels.
Timely and charming among many
timely and charming things done by
the ilusic Section of tfce California
Club was the sc-ng recital of Mme.
Emilia Tojetti of last week, given
over to a programme of son?3 by the
great German lyrist. Huso Wc-if. A
few songs caly of th!3 God-gifted singer
have so far frifted this way. Denis
O'SuIlivan gave us the "Anakreon's
Grab" and the "Fussreise.** To these
Schumann-Helnk added the glorious
"Heimweh." Miss Caroline Little In
troduced the "Verborgenheit" at her
recital and the Sercbrich contribution
was the • delightful "Storchenbot
schaft." To these Mme. Tojetti has
added another nine of the 500 Wolf
songs, each a gem of its kind.
The field cf Wclf's sympathy seems
practically without limit. The massive,
druidlc simplicity of "Weyla's Chant"
Is as little like the gypsy gayety of th«
"Fussreise" a3 it is like* the palpitant
mysticism — tlte composer has plucked
out the very heart of the mood of
him who stands at the grave of the
great^ dead — of "Anacreon's Grave."
Again he turns Spanish troubador in
"Auf dem Grunen Balkon." and in the
love song, worthy to stand with th»
"Liebestod" of "Tristan and Isolde,"
"Geh— geliebter geh* Jetzt." he be
comes as passionately dramatic as
Wagner himself. He has humor, too,
wit, every necessary distinction of the
song maker, and seems equally con
vincing in every rnood.
Mme. Tojetti brought aa unpreten
tious sympathy and genuine reverence
to the interpretation of the songs, and
in Fred Maurer found an accompanist
who permitted no point of the diScutt
axfd delightful accompaniments to es
cape. The programme was prefaced
by a short sketch of Wolf's life and ap
preciation cf his genius by the sin;er.
and an unusual and admirable cour
tesy of the programme was the print
ing of the names of the pcet3 in whoae
lyrics Wolf has found inspiration.
warn a very disconsolate little sou
br^ue I found the other day when I
•¦ ¦ r.t to g'.e M:fs Edna Aug. She was
- 1 f-c-m long rehearsal. 6he felt
Bhe «raa a "million miles away from
cnoi*" A thousand times a day. she
she would go home. But Mr.
F • ber was bo kind. The theater peo
*•«¦« so nice. Besides, she wanted
¦ -"ied experience of a season with
Fis-.-fcer burlesQuers. So. she srjp
: e ¦!. she would stick it out.
In fact. Mi5s Aug is a person of
cany rr.i>'-"is. I* there is as much "to"
her en siaffe'as off. the Fischer The
ai-r patrons are likely to have as
riquar.t surprise in the new soubrette
as they hai in Georgia ORarney.
Mi#s Ausr has not a few of the ear
rr.arks cf penius. Like the famous old
Japanese painter, "mad to paint," she
¦ "mad to act." She has the big.
-areless. lovable, artist nature, and
ft. "thing of Its help'' 1?ss " ess - And
certainly the little eoubrette is
charmingly Impractical.
I found her with her browh head ca
*' pillow, hat and all. She had taken
rff as much as her shoes of her
rehearsal tepgery. found a pair of pink
s-'.ijspera and left the rest. It "was
¦;uite pathetic. No doubt If I had sent
trj» my card instead cf knocking at her
doer I chould have had another than
the woe-beg:cne little smile that she
pijt on to greet the Interviewer. t
¦¦Homesick?*' I asked, after she had
deeded me sufficiently sympathetic to
.1 <¦ rrr.it the slippers.
Bh« sank down Into a chair beside
tne and sighed. "Yes," and as hereto
t : - r- lav r.. said that she felt a "mil
: rr.iles from home." that she
wouldn't eat a thing and that butter
r*i:k was her only salvation.
"You're hungry," I decided. ' prac
tically. *
"I know it." Miss Aug sighed, "but
I can't eat; I'm dieting."
NVt fcr Lillian Russell's reasons."
I laushed. taking in the little, round,
Anna .Held like fisrure.
"No;"' the smiled, "it's al^ because
of an original sort of digestive ar
ran#en-.ei:t that I onn, can't eat this.
can't eat the other. I've too much
I h -*rihorus in my makeup, the doctor
s-ays— brains, you know! I'm starving
because I indulged the ether day.
< 'h. me!"
-."Order a chop," I prescribed bru
i*ny.
"Oh. would your* she asked. And
ben Miss Aug rar.s the bell for a wait
er and ordered things — indispensably
pfckles, I can't resist telling.
Possibly it was the prospect cf chops
— or rather chicken— that made Miss
,\sz look more cheerful then. The pho
• jjr •. pher arriving-, she came out on the
. -hexes' veranda — it xrzs at the Pal
?.«•«¦-—to be "taken" with a quite recon-
Bffi&e. She had a cheerful "Well.
Xtssie." for the chambermaid and a
;o:iy^"See what they're going to> do to
me" "for an evidently adoring bell boy
on tltf? way. For the photographer she
liad smiling regrets for a "tired face,"
and for me the amiable offer to pose as
I saw fit. And then I got a taste of the
A.ug quality. At. a word she was the
?' "uhre£t<* a nay from home, the know
ir;c soubrette. the ingenue, anything.
Prophecy is* fascinating, if fatal, but if
IXiia Aug is not every sniff of the Ger
rf.ar.-Jew ish scrub woman she imper
i r.iites to-night, as well as every
dainty inch of the Anna. Held like
Paksienne she also is *to do, I'll give
It up.
Sbe looks like Anna Held. Her abund
ant light-brown locks are tossed up in
ch% same careful negligee as the Held's.
"h- eyes are as long, though blue, and
. bold a recognizable measure at will of
Um same insinuation. The face is out
' lined in the same way: the figure.
I him p. petite, also reminds. I told Miss
Aug so as we wended our way back
tender the bamboo trees (potted) to her
• cm. The fashion in which she dis
- 'aimed the resemblance — "I wish I
•uld sea'ly think so" — pave away at
'.-ast one cf the soubrette's idols.
"I followed Miss Held at the Palace
of Varieties in London." she informed
rr.e as we reseated ourselves. "That was
'vhcre Flo Ziegf eld discovered her, you
know."
"You were in vaudeville then, of
c-ourse ?"
"And ever since," Miss Aug pouted.
"And I'm mad to act."
"Time enough yet," I consoled. "Re
member Cissy Loftus."
"How did she do?" the soubrette
asked eagerly. She had evidently fre
quently remembered Cissy — or rather
Cecilia— Lcftus. "She has character,
style, hasn't she?"
I egreed, and told Mirs Aug that San
Francisco had set the seal cf its ap
proval upon Miss Loftus* adventure
ivith the legitimate.
. She cried again, drumming her little
r.fijrrrs on the arms of her chair, that
:^he was "mad to act."
"I'd leave all this," she swept an. In
clusive han«J round the luxuries of her
room, "and go to a garret if I could
act. I'd take any old salary, starve —
no, 'feast— on a fat part. You know-
Mr. Price cf the Alcazar, yes, of
course? He was one of the first 'be
licvir.jr' friends I had. He and Mr. Be
1<i£co offered me the only opportunity I
hare had to gro into the legitimate. I
could have eaten him up for that!"
"Awl you've always been In vaude
vflle?"
"^o," she corrected: "I began at the
Casino, In New York, in "A Dangerous
Maii' That was seven years 2.50.
That's what Mr. Daly aw me in."
"Mr. Daly—"
• "Mr. Daly engaged me to take Ma
beile Gilnoan'8 place," ehe enlightened
me. "then he died — it must have killed
him.* But there was a man, now, a
grand man. It Is something, I tell you,
to have a manager like that, that you
< -a.n wholly respect. I always keep the
day of his death — think of him, you
know. Jane 5, it was."
"And th<2n you went to London?" I
"Then I went to London," Ehe sighed.
"Bat yon know the Palace Theater of
Varieties i* the best vaudeville house
in^the worid. It's the only onerthe Kingy
cX England goes to. I stayed there nine
Somehow, then, after much gossip,
we got back to the London theaters,
"No, that was when I came home. I
wanted something new, and I'd often
imitated the scrub lady for my friends
and thought I'd try it on the public I
used to see her — many of them — when I
saw my grandmother collecting her
rents. She owned large tenement
houses in Cincinnati. But the women
would tell her all their troubles and
Joys when they brought the rent." Mis3
Aug 6prang to her feet and dropped
Into a rheumaticky old dame, croaking
proudly: " *Ve haf a carpet vot Iss to
all corner* of the room now. My son he
buy it. Not one, you know, vot iss that
you haf to vash all 'round > it two times
of the week* — poor old soul!"
'"Then your grandmamma was not on
the stage?" I insinuated.
"Not much," Miss Aug retorted.
flopping cczily Into her chair. "The
fact— now, mind you, I'm not posing
as a society light— but I was disin
herited (sounds like Theodore Kremer)
for jrolng on the stage."
Ehe rushed then to the little table
at her bedside, seized a fat, worn
Bible therefrom and thrust It into my
hands.
"I believe you," I stammered.
'•That's not it," she shrieked, rapid
ly turning the pages, between which
everything from theatrical contracts
to photographs seemed to be reposing.
She singled out a sweet, staid old face
from the photographs and said:
"That's grandma. Doesn't look much
like the stage? She brought us up.
you know, pretty well. I'm a grad
uate of Woodward; did my Cicero and
Virgil before kicking my heels in
vaudeville. » Grandma hated It, but she
forgave me before she died. I Just had
to do it, you know."
"You have Bisters?"
"One — the prettiest thing you ever
saw."
"For the stage?"
"No, sir!" Miss Aug snapped. "She's
in a convent. And don't I watch over
her like a hawk?"— motherhood in
every note of her voice, she ended
wistfully: "Our mother Is dead, you
know.'
"Now tell me," I asked, "what you
reaiij' want to act." \
"What do you thlak?" Miss Aug ex
claimed. "Rosalind, Rosalind:" and she
sprang to her feet, thrust her chin in
the air and stalked around the room
reciting " "Dear Celia, I show more
width than I am mistress or — oh, it's
splendid!
"I never did run to Juliet, but I'm
dying simply to do Rosalind. Such dif
ferent ideas people have had of what
I should do. Mr. Springer engaged
me for, above all things, a Kremer
melodrama. I had. of course, the lib
erty of refusing the play when I saw
it — and did. Imagine me in this sort
of thin^: 'Ha! what is the hour?
Alas, vre have no clock! but there is
Mrs. O'Flannigan downstairs — kyind,
good scul — ehe-she-e will not refuse to
tell me the time' — wow!
"The Fatal Wedding," I laughed.
"Exactly," M5ss Aug chuckled.
"Then, when I refused the play, Mr.
Springer asked me what in something
('thunder' probably) I wanted. "Oh,
Clyde Fitch, Gus Thomas or Martha
Mortpn.' I said. Well, we went right
off to Martha Morton then, and she
cair.2 to see me that night In my
specialty and promised me a play. She
wrote it— 'A Four-leaf Clover,' with a
kind of P.osina Yokes part for me, as
sweet a thing as you ever saw. After
all sorts of ups and downs — oh, I've
had lots cf them— Flo Ziegfeld made a
contract to star me in the piece. But
there were delays and I became im
patient and at last bought my release
—from a man like Ziegf eld. Did ' you
ever hear of such folly?"
"It wasn't wise," I said mi!dly.
"Then I got another manager, Lean
der Sire, who was to produce the play
at the Bijou," ¦ Miss Aug went on,
eyes aflame. "I had my company all
chosen, Arnold Daly as lead and
Teddy Vokes — a good company. There
were two acts built, and then Mr. Sire
went broke and disappeared. It
seems that fate is against me so far
as the legitimate goes. Still, I
mightn't do well, and I'd rather be a
first-class chambermaid than a sec
ond-class actress!"
Approving, I asked her then If she
sang.
She threw me a laughing "Yes,
though my doctor says I'd have more
friends if I didn't! Sing! You don't
know how much I like to sins. I
spent every penny I had on lessons —
not one a day, but five — from Dr.
Dossil-tin New York: I studied with
Mr. Plumpton, too, in Parts. I adore
voices. Ada Rehan's! Brown — no,
creamy velvet! I want my voice only
for speaking purposes, though."
"And next year you do 'Humpty
Dumpty?' "
"Um," she nodded.
"And this season — "
"Buckle down to good hard work In
these burlesques — hope I'll get good,
hard, Ion* parts" — she wished.
And then Miss Aug's pickles ar
rived, with some unimportant broiled
chicken and French fried and things
and things and things." I took toast
and tea, as she would touch nothing
until I did, and we got to table talk
over it.
"I'm horrid," sh-> decided, crisply
demolishing a pickle. "I don't like
dinners, don't like Sherry's, don't like
anything that costs anything. I like
plain beef and cabbage and — whisper
— even 'kraut. Pretzels are my ado
ration, too! And I don't like Jewelry.".
I looked at fhe long string: of irregu
lar pearls round her neck.
"Oh. these are different. These
are Just — well, I love them. I do
everything but sleep in 'em."
months, in French songs, if you care to
know." ,
" The best vaudeville house In the
world?' " I quoted, and questioned from
this.
"Better than the Folles Bergeres,
than the best German house, than the
best Russian house — I've sung in all of
them," Ehe insisted.
"You did not do your scrub lady spe
cialty, then, did you?" -
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1904.
Julia Dean has been signed by Daniel
Forbes Robertson has acquired a
comedy through Mrs. H. ' C. de Mille,
which he will produce in this country
next season.
The Iroquois Theater in Chicago has
passed Into the hands of Hyde & Beh
man of Brooklm and Harry Davis of
Plttsburg. . It will be devoted 'to vaude
ville and will be ready by next season.
W. H. Crane, John Drew, j Margaret
Anglin, N. C. Goodwin and Maxine El
liot sailed for Europe last week on the
Deutschland. -
The 10 per cent tax on playgoing
deadheads in New York went into ef
fect last week at the Savoy Theater.
The first victim was Charles Cherry,
Maxine Elliot's leading man.
Ermetl Novelli. the greatest Italian
actor of the period, will make his first
appearance in America next season. He
will bring his own . company and will
appear In a repertoire of his most suc
cessful roles.
The Alcazar will have the stirring
romantic play, 'Tollgate Inn," for bill
this week. They begin with a special
By special request Melbourne Mac-
Dowell gives this afternoon at the
Grand Opera-house a single matinee
performance of "Gismonda." To
night and for the remainder of the
week the actor will appear In "The
Empress Theodora." A special mat
inee is announced for to-morrow.
Nothing but praise Is heard for the
new Neill-Morosco stock company
that made its . first appearance this
week at the California.
The other event of the week will be
the reopening to-night of Fischer's
Theater. The house has been much Im
proved and will begin the new season
with an entire new burlesque company,
and the management claims the
theater Is now one of the safest and
most comfortable west of New York.
• • •
Beginning to-morrow night at £hc
Columbia Theater Maude Adams will
enter upon her first engagement in
San Francisco since she became a
star.
BILIi OF GOOD THINGS
READY FOR THEATER
PATRONS THIS WEEK
19San Quentln, enjoyed a most novel
form of entertainment when Mrs.
Tompkins entertained the Monday
Afternoon Whist Club, of Oakland last
week (May 16):. The Warden's house
is charmingly located in a flower
covered | terrace within .the prison en
closure. Beyond stretches the beautiful
curve of Jthe bay. But nearer looms
the massive prison, with its great stone
walls. . Think of . the shock to the
nerves , of : the • uninitiated— to glance
from a window and see striped convicts
passing to and fro a little distance be
low! -Think, of 'being served by con
victs at a luncheon cooked by convicts!
And a most delightful luncheon it was,
too, followed • by - cards. The guests,
among whom were some of < the most
prominent 'of Oakland's (younger
matrons, carried away, with them
memories of a chamingly .unique enter
tainment. , Mr. and Mrs. Tompkins
were Oaklanders, Mrs.'. Tompkins being
a- member of'- theMonday Afternoon
.Whist Club . of that ; place. A few of
those Invited" are: Mrs. Horry Meek,
Mrs. Edson Adams, Mrs. Henry
Adams, Mrs. R. L. Knight, Mrs,
'The guests of Mrs. John W. Tomp
kins, wife of Warden Tompkins of
; The; "Ed" ; Newhalls have ' deserted
San Rafael for MJ11 Valley, where they
will spend the summer. . •
. Mr. and Mrs. Carter Pitkin Pome
roy and their family- will ; spend
summer; in their" San' Rafael home.
Miss ..Christina j Pomeroy j was' one' of
San | Francisco's most attractive and
popular, "buds" last winter. 1
over porches, ; over everything. And
they scatter their gay; petals till the
ground is like innumerable . Persian
rugs. Oh, it's Vmerry and; bright In
beautiful San. Rafael . now— bright
with the rbses and merry with the
Jaunty toot of ' the ,' automobile iho'rn
and the cheery., ring of the tally-ho
bugle. And it's gay with the spirited
ponies and their ;-'. laughing, ;.- happy
faced young riders. What' wonder
that .those j who have spent j the winter
ln.San Francisco hurry away, that they
may | enjoy the \ glory of the spring
time -and early ¦ summer in their San
-Rafael" homes! , '¦'-¦'-. .
THREE- OF THE PRETTIEST AND [BRIGHTEST.
San Rafael is one glorious scene of
roses during these spring days. Wher
ever one may turn" there is wafted i the"
scent of many. roses. :TJiey climb,';un
bindered, up Into, the -'tall. trees _", ¦: and
are suspended over the street In : long
clusters. They scramble over fences,
What an. independent maiden Miss
Alice Roosevelt is! 'She seems to
have inherited her father's deter
mined will and -goes about very much
after the dictates of. her own sweet
will.
A fact much .commented, .upon in
Washington was her active, interest In
the Russian bazaar; given by? her. dear
friend, the Countess Casslnl.
Now, the Presidential flat went
forth in no uncertain tones < that
women of Congress and \ those ; other
wise associated with the Government
should withhold active participation
in the affair, thereby, emphasizing: the
neutrality of the nation. ; But ¦ some
how the little black-eyed miss of ¦. the
White House did * very much Jas she
pleased in the matter, papa- notwith
standing. Thus 'do we rule, others
better than our own! ;
The tabbies will marry off Mr. Phe
lan whether he will or no. - This time
it is said not to be Mrs. Jack de Ruy
ter, but the lovely Ada Sullivan, >he
who for many years was known to be
very dear to the capitalist's heart.
Miss Sullivan Is now, in. Paris, where
she will meet Mr. Phelan. , Now,' do
you wonder that the dear, 'good tab
bies have put these interesting - facts
together?
Apropos of^rest cures, Mr. and Mrs.
James Follis, Miss Van Ness and a few
congenial friends are seeking mental
repose and incidentally- a rare treat by
starting for Tahiti on the Mariposa.
They will arrive at the Isle of palms
in time to witness the 14th of July
celebration there . and incidentally to
learn something of hospitality, as un
derstood by these simple folk beloved
by Stevenson.
.Jr. : , _
found in the foreign spas and health
resorts, will be permitted. All day
long the patients will be breathing in
the life-giving air, which in its very
elasticity will prevent any feeling of
ennui from gaining ascendency over
their minds. The directress of the
cure will see that her patients have
just enough to soothe their tiredout
brains, and will herself superintend- all
the arrangements.
Now, isn't . that an idyllic sort, of
dreamy existence? And is it not a
sane system?. Here* is mental and
physical rest-' in the unsullied air /of
the desert. Who shall say but this form
of "rest cure" will supersede the "go
ing to bed" treatment -now in vogue?
The great cure Is to be air— the pure
air of the desert. -The clothing is of the
lightest and roost ethereal 'description,
so that the patients may' enjoy the air
and sun baths with' little trouble. Sim
plicity is also to be the keynote- of the
furnishing of the camp.
No amusements, except perhaps a
little painting for the " artistic; no fine
dressing, no distractions such as are
Have you heard of the "desert
cure?" No? Well, there's something
for your poor Jaded nerves— ye who
have nerves — and where is she, alas!
who has not?
Herewith is a description of the new
treatment:
Trained servants, cheerful - and un
talkative, are engaged. ,' The diet is
confined exclusively to fruits and
cereals. *
Mrs. J. Malcolm Henry has rounded
out a triumphal winter. With all the
beauty and spontaneity of a maid, she
possesses the charms that early
womanhood brings, mental and phy
sical. Her return to her home will be
greatly regretted.
On Tuesday Mr. and Mrs. Christian
Rels entertained at dinner in honor of
Senator Voorhees. A delightful even
ing it proved to be, several guests call
ing later to meet the visiting Wash
in gtonian.
Dr. H. J. Stewart, Miss Frances
Stewart, Miss Grace Bailey, Miss Elsie
Maxwell,' Mrs. Wadsworth, Miss Voor
man, Mies Ida Voorman, Edward
Davis, Louis Allen, 'Philip Paschel,
Walter Dayton, Archie Artigues,
Arthur Tashelra, Mrs. George Carr, the
Misses Sheridan, Mrs. Bates, Miss
Bates,' Miss Dean, Dr. and Mrs.
Tashelra, Mrs. F. L Kendall, Miss
Isabelle Kendall, Mrs. Henry Wether
bee, Mrs. E. B. Sanborn, Miss Laura
Sanborn, Mrs. Louis Meade, Mrs. Jane
Everts, Mrs. Gerrit Livingstone Lan
sing and Miss Dolly Tarpey.
That was a charming affair given by
the popular Joe .Ros borough on Satur
day. The Rosborough garden Is a rare
spot, admirably adapted to an out-of
doors party. The music was said to be
especially high class, with some clever
vaudeville thrown in by way of con
trast. Among those who attended
were:
At the reception all the ladles of
the Twenty-eighth and Tenth regi
ments were present. Among the
guests were: Colonel and Mrs. Mor
ris, the Misses Morris, Colonel and
Mrs. Torney, Miss Torney, Captain and
Mrs. Burgess, Dr. and Mrs. Marshall,
•Miss Marjorle Gibbons, Miss Elsie
Dorr. Miss Maye Colburn, Miss Mary
Mariner, Miss Sweigert, Lieutenant
Shinkle, Lieutenant Ellis, Lieutenant
Brigham, Major Stephenson, Captain
Frederick Johnston, Captain Roches
ter, Lieutenants Foote, Talbot, Conwav
and a number of others.
the sons of Uncle Sam in the race for
feminine favor.
The home of Charles T. Notxnnan was
made glad last week, when a hand
some wee laddie became a member of
the household on California strMt.
W. F. Herrin and Miss Alice Herrln
started yesterday for California from
New York, where Miss Herrln has
been at school all winter.
Miss Lucle Gwln Coleman, 'Miss
Olga Atherton. Miss Hyde Smith, Miss
Christine Pomeroy, Miss Elsie Dorr,
Miss Helen Bailey. Athole McBean.
Wilberforce Williams, Shertl Schell and
Dr. Hewlett.- / v-
The saucy yacht Virginia had a
merry -party on board last Saturday
with its gallant owner. Aimer Newhall,
at the tiller. The following party
braved the waves — and the amateur
Quite the sensation of the week was
the engagement of Miss Stella McCalla
and William Wallace Chapin of 4 Sacra
mento. The tea given in honor of the
affair was one of the few large func
tions of the week, attracting to the Mc-
Calla home at Mare Island a very
smart gathering of guests. The follow
ing were present: Captain and Mrs.
B, F. Tilley, Captain and Mrs. Frank
lin J. Drake, Lieutenant Commander
and Mrs. Miles C. Gorgas, Mrs. Mc-
Dougal, Miss Caroline McDougal. Medi
cal Inspector and Mrs. Maly H. Slmona.
the Misses Simons, Assistant Surgeon
and Mrs. Richard B. Chapman. Sur
geon and Mrs. J. T. Miller, Surgeon and
Mrs. Charles P. Bagg. Colonel and Mrs.
P. C. Pope, Major and Mrs. B. F. Ful
ler, Mrs. C. N. OfHey, Lieutenant and
Mrs. Harding, Assistant Naval Con
structor and Mrs. T. Gained Roberts.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Samuel L. Gra
ham, Naval Constructor and Mrs. F.
B. Zahm, Mrs. Trowbrldge. Commander
and Mrs. C. B. T. Moore. Miss Frances
Moore, Medical Director James R. Wag
goner, Miss Waggoner, Paymaster and
Mrs. David Potter, Commander and
Mrs. A. F. Dixon, Lieutenant Com
mander and Mrs. James H. Glennon.
Mrs. Mary Turner, Mrs. R. M. Cutta,
Captain E. D. Taussig of the U. S. re
ceiving ship Independence and Mrs.
Taussig. Surgeon and Mrs. Charles P.
Klndelberger, Mrs. Irwin, Mrs. John Ir
wln Jr.. Miss Irwin, Past Assistant
Paymaster and Mrs. I. T. Hagner. Mm.
Theodore C. Fenton, Mrs. Lloyd, Mrs.
T. T. Craven, Mrs. Merritt, Mrs. Mc-
Crea of Vallejo, Mr. and Mrs. Collins
McCrea, Howard McCrea, Mr. and Mrs.
J. R. English of Vallejo, Miss Marie
English, Mrs. D. P. Hall. Miss Patty
Palmer! Chaplain and Mrs. A. A. Mc-
Allister, Mr. and Mrs. George E. Hans
com of Vallejo. General and Mrs. Cool-
Idge of San Francisco, General and Mrs.
Arthur MacArthur of Fort Mason, Mr.
and Mrs. Oulton of San Francisco.
Lieutenant William H. Pritchett, U. S.
M. C; Lieutenant Macker Babb. U. S.
M. C: Assistant Naval Constructor
William McEntee, Civil Engineer Harry
Rousseau, Assistant Civil Engineer F.
H. Cook, Pay Inspector Leeds C. Kerr,
Lieutenant Arthur MacArthur, the
wardroom officers of the ships at the
yard and many others.
Woods family was gladdened by the
advent of a bonny babe — a boy. And
of course the household Is beside Itself
with joy in consequence. My! What
a to-do a baby does cause.
The home of the Charles Morrison
Mr. and Mrs. Peter D. Martin will,
upon Mr. Martin's return from Oregon,
leave almost' Immediately for Newport.
Peter and Walter Martin are at pres
ent traveling in Oregon. The Cad
wallader cottags at Newport has been
put In readiness for the charming
couple, and plans for a merry summer
are maturing.
What will San Francisco do now,
without the radiance . of Mrs. Peter's
presence? Surely she has ' created
more Interest— and instilled more
spirit into society— than any visitor
yet within our gates. But, as we are
not so provincial as we were when she
came, perhaps she may come again —
with a new bunch of social tricks and
some m«re fetching frocks.
Mrs. Francis J. Sullivan and Miss
Alice Sullivan will go down on the 15th
of June to their country place in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
A Wild West Pony Show! And It Is
the San Rafael ponies that are to per
form. The suggestion calls to mind
groups of merry-faced boys and girls
riding like the wind through the streets
of San Rafael, their "bare-backed" po
nies under perfect control, and appar
ently enjoying the sport as much as
their riders. These young experts are
to go through all kinds of stunts next
Saturday, June 4. There will be trick
riding, Jumping, mounted "prisoners'
base," a parade of ponies and flower
decked pony, carts and innumerable
other attractions. In addition to the
pony show there is to be a tea. We
know what that means in San Rafael —
charmingly gowned, attractive women
serving dainties under the trees. >The
San Rafael Improvement Club, whose
membership includes the most promi
nent women of- San Rafael, Is at the
head of the affair— hence Its success Is
already assured.
The Baroness von Meyerinck has
been a guest at the Hotel Rafael.
• • •
Mrs. George M. Pinckard has re
turned to San Rafael after a short visit
to Menlo.
Mrs. Benjamin M. Gunn of San Fran
cisco, who has been spending some time
at the Hotel Rafael, expects to leave
on the tirst of June.
The James H. Follises of San Fran
cisco have paid a short visit to the Ho
tel Rafael. They expect soon to go
a-voyaging, the tour to include Tahiti.
Mr. and Mrs. William Casey of San
Rafael have left with their attractive
young daughter for St. Louis.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Mackenzie have
taken a place in Mill Valley for the
summer. Young Mr. Mackenzie Is a son
of Dr. Robert Mackenzie, who for so
many years was the much-loved and
popular pastor of the First Presbyte
rian ChurcH, San Francisco. The Mac
kenzies Sr. went to Brooklyn, New
York, more than a year ago, and rumor
has already convinced us that the bril
liant Dr. Mackenzie bids fair to win
New York as absolutely as he did Cal
ifornia.
Charles Minor Goodall, Mrs. Lillian
Brown Everts, Mrs. R. M. Fitzgerald.
Mrs. Egbert Stone, Mrs. Arthur Crellln.
The artillery and cavalry officers
made brave' hosts at their reception
on Wednesday night. The hoproom
at the Presidio— the scene of many an
unconditional surrender — -was very
gay with flags and greens, and — well,'
why dilate upon the irresistibleness of
the gallant officers. Really, the men
from town are becoming quite con
cerned over the fascination of the Pre
eidio pets and seem to think it high
time something was done to handicap
The Spinners were charmingly en
tertained at the home of Mrs. Wil
liam R. Wheeler on Tuesday, when
some clever things were done in the
line of song and story. These Spinners
think very well of their achievements
— and well they may, for among them
are some mighty clever women.
There's Mrs. Albert Gerberding, Miss
Lillian O'Ryan. Mrs. Mark Gerstle,
Mrs. Ednah Robinson and Miss Eliza
beth Mills, who, by the way, is said
t» be writing a book on "Prehistoric
Man." From the announcement of the
charming young woman's recent capi
tulation, it would seem that "Man As
He Is To-Day" might have been a bet
ter caption and infinitely more inter
esting, don't you think?
• ¦ • • •
Among the young college women who
figure largely in the social life of the
city are Miss Jessica Pelxotto, Miss
Mamie Voorsanger and Mrs. Adolphus
Graupner, she who was Miss Wenzel
berger. * ?v
At the recent commencement exer
cises at Berkeley a clever paper was
read treating ¦with the social side of the
college girl. Now, time was when to
admit of a social side In a college girl's
personality was to admit of weakness —
of lack of serious purpose. College was
primarily a place for work, and, logic
ally enough, no place for play. But a
revolution has come to the minds of
men, a clearing away of the cobwebs,
and It has come to be recognized in
college, as elsewhere in the world, that
God the Father has created us social
creatures, largely dependent upon each
other for pleasure and entertainment,
an4 that the cultivation of this thor
oughly human side of our natures 1b
wholly compatible with the laws of
God. and even a fulfillment of a divine
intention. Therefore are the serious
minded faculty men who preside over
the academic shades of Berkeley and
Stanford awake to this normal inclina
tion of the men and maids who come
to them to drink from the Pierian
spring, and with a wholesome interest
In the pleasures of the frat and the sd
rorlty the social education goes on with
the academic, and the coalition makes
for the developed college man or maid.
And from the social phase of develop
ment much benefit accrues to the outer
world, which looks more and more to
the leadership of the learned in all
things that concern the higher plane of
life. That being the case, it. is not too
much to expect that as the college maid
—and It is she rather more than the
man that sets the standard — will bring
into the "smart set" a higher regard to
general culture, a more serious note but
none the less pleasurable, and per
haps — who knows? — a higher moral
plane, since morals follow so closely
the amusements and pastimes of peo
ple. Albeit, we can see, even In the
morning of feminine college life, a de
velopment of companionable, sensible,
understandable women, neither prudes
"nor boydens, v neither sylphs nor neme
ses, but healthy, normal women, with
an Intelligent understanding of the
•world and the men and women who
people it. Here's to them, and may
their numbers grow with the years, and
society will grow with them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO . -CALL; -SUNDAYS-MAY, 29, 1904.
20
THE COLLEGE GIRL IN SOCIETYDetailed accounts of the battle oi Kinchou show it to have been one of the most sanguinary combats in. modern warfare. In repeated assaults upon the Russian intrenchments
every officer and man of the Japanese attacking columns' was shot down. Finally, after many of these futile charges, a handful of Japanese succeeded in piercing the Russian line. They
were quickly reinforced, and in a last brilliant dash the Russian positions were carried. .
ENTIRE COMPANIES ARE SLAUGHTERED
BY THE RUSSIAN GUNS AT KINCHOU
Continued on Page 21, Column 3.
Committee Is Said to Favor Affiliation.
• DENVER. Colo., May 28.— The com
mittee on affiliation with the American
Federation of I^abor has- riot yet re
ported to the conventiort of the West
ern. Federation of . Miners. It~ I3 un
derstood that the committee is in fa
vor of the proposition.
CHEFU. May 29.— A Pitzwo corre
spondent writes that the Chinese are
assisting the Japanese in every way
and that the Hunchus and other ban
dits are regularly enlisted in the Jap
anese army. ;.:/i..-.
Chinese Aid the Japanese.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. May Z&. — A
further confession v/as made , to-day
'by- William McL*n,e. a negro who.
when arrested last night, admitted
that he was the author of an attack
on a young woman on Canal street
early in the week. The police now be
lieve that McLane committed three
assaults wtiich have recently stirred
the residents of th*» fashionable sec
tion. McLane confessed that he was
the assailant of Miss Richards, daugh
ter of Professor Charles P. Richards
of Yale Unlveraity.'^gg
NEGRO PRISONER MAKES
A FURTHER CONFESSION'
The desperate onslaughts. of the'jap
anese on thehetehtsof Nanshan-were
telling, for the Russians leftSOO ; dead
in the'itrenche*. there. A, complete
TOKIO, May, 28.— Japan paid heavily
for her victories at , Kinchou. Nanshan
and Talienwan, losing 3000 men in kill
ed and wounded in >the repeated as
saults against these, strong positions,
but p'- scored. a sweeping and valu
able, victory, over the Russians, -cap
turing fifty guns, Clearing the way, to
Port Arthur, and Inflicting losses ; on
the Russians ..'which. In the - end, . are
expected: to- -total ; 2C0O men.
If is doubted if the Russians will
stand again north of Port Arthur. They
retired from the field, beaten and. they
/all<?d T to rally at'. NanquanJing. where
it was expected a second stand would
bp made. . ; Mi''- < ¦ : '
Japanese Killed and Wounded Num
ber Three Thousand.
AWFUL COST OF VICTORY.
•Encounters between Cossacks and
JaV>anese infantry are of daily occur
rence.' Japanese foot soldiers seem
able to deal easily with their. mounted
foes. ,
" Operations on a tvide scale are being
conducted with : characteristic^ rapidity.
Japanese troops • are advancing. with
great rapidity toward the northwest of
this position ... and there Is a further
movement .toward the northeast. Cos
sacks have been observed on the roads
between Haicheng and Liaoyang,
twenty miles distant from this place.
FENGWANGCHENG. May, 28.— Two
companies of Japanese scouts surprised
a qamp of 2500 Russian trops. on
Thursday seven' miles west of Kuan-
Jensin. ..The Russians, ignorant of the
small number of the attacking force,
fled in great disorder, leaving behind
two guns and many dead.
Handful of Japanese Puts 2500 Ttus
•:: .e slan .Troops to Flight., :
SCOUTS ROUT SMALL ARMY.
ROME, May 28. — According to a
dispatch from Tokio received here,
the Japanese have attacked the town
of Talienwan. Their occupation of
the junction of the Dalny Railroad
with the main Port AAhur line, it is
added, isolates Dalny.
Japanese Begin the Attack Upon the
Llaotuns Port.
DALXY is ISOLATED.
NEW YORK. May 2S. — Hereafter
all the pushcart peddlers doing busi
ness in New York will be required to
display Their photographs on the
sides of their carts. This is the May
or's own plan for solving the license
problem and preventing one cart from
beinsr used as a family affair. News of
the order to-day spread among the
Kast Side peddlers and they loudly de
nounced it as /an oppression. They
immediately planned to march upon
the City Hall with their wives and off
spring and protest to the Mayor.
Twenty thousand peddlers are expect
ed to be in line with their families.
Peddlers Doingr Business In New York
City Most Display Their Photo
graphs on 'Their Carts.
NEW PLAN FOR SOLVING
THE LICENSE^ PROBLEM
PARIS, Hay 29. — The correspondent
of the Journal at St. Petersburg says
that naval officer? there consider that
the battleship Orel will be a total loss.
Her keel, it Is said, is split.
The Tokio correspondent of the Ma
tin says that the §econd line of de
fense on the Liaotung- Peninsula has
been occupied by the Japanese with
out resistance. The authorities ex
pect, the correspondent adds, that
Port Arthur will, fall during the sec
ond fortnight in June.
Russia's Great Battleship Probably
Will Prove si Total I/oss.
a.vxoT save nii; orkl.
Early Am the action a shell passed
over the forward deck of, the Chokai,
killing 'a '-lieutenant (and . two » petty, 6ffl
cers aud : Avpundlngj twolmen.: - ' .
;The< torpedo* boat" flotilla shelled the
railroad ;near ; ;the;"Hhaos >Riyer. The
torpedo boats took soundings-, -and
guided - the larger .'ships. The - p.quad-
As soon as . 'the 'Japanese troops have
rested \they will press on to the so^th.
The "Japanese squadron . which . was
assigned to , co-operate in the attack
of the Second v Army, oh Kinchou and
Nanshan Hill, composed «if the gun
boats "Thuklshi, Amagi; "Heiyen"'and
Chokai. and ; the first torpedo . ilotilla.
entered ; Kinchou Bay on Wednesday.
A heavy sea prevented its participa
tion iri'i the, fighting of that; day. The
weathef cleared on. Thursday niorning;
however," and in tipit6.<pf the shallow
ness of the water the squadron steamed
close to ,' shore and bombarded \ the
Russian batteries. BBHJCHSftBfaB»W«
A force of Russians held. Sanchilipu,
which is northwest c-f -Dalny. but the
Japanese drove them out. The Rus
sians abandoned and burned the sta
tion and retired in the direction of
Port Arthur. ;
..The estimates of the Russians en
gaged in the defense of Kinchou. Nan
shan Hill . and the" south shore of Tal
ienwan Bay .vary,- but it is evident
that the Russians drew for men frc-m
the forces at Port Arthur and offered
all the resistance possible. It Is un
derstood here that Lieutenant General
Stoessel. commander of the military
forces lat Port Arthur, was in. personal
commmid of the recent, operations^
Nanquanling was occupied yesterday
morning by a force. of infantry, artil
lery and engineers, binder the command
of General Nakamura. The main Jap
anese force spent Friday night billeted
in ' the villages around Nanshan. The
soldiers were greatly fatigued as a re
sult of the constant fighting, but they
entered with ; much spirit upon the new
operations. " - ' "
search of this field is expected to show
a Tea ter. number of dead.
silenced the Japanese artillery opened
on the enemy's trenches, the Japanese
infantry advancing meanwhile to with
in rifle range. The Japanese gradually
worked forward to within 400 meters of
the Russian lines, where they encoun
tered and other entanglements.
They succeeded in discovering an open
ing in these obstacles, and getting fin
ally to within 200 meters of the Russian
trenches they rushed for the line. Sev
eral successive charged were made, but
every officer and man in' the attacking
parties was shot down twenty or thirty
meters from the line. The charges were
then stopped and the Japanese artillery
renewed. its preparatory fire on the enr
emy's position.
Toward', evening.:. a detachment of
Japanese carried a section "of the, Rus
sian trenches, breaking through the
enemy's < line. Hundreds of the ; com
rades of these men, inspired by their
success, sprang forward, and then the
entire line swept up the hill, driving
the Russians from their positions.
• It was In '! the desperate infantry
charges* that the : Japanese sustained
the majority of their losses.
The Japanese began the fighting by
bringing all their field guns into action
und concentrating their fire on the em
placements on the hill. By 11 o'clock
in the morning the principal Russian
batteries had been silenced. The two
Russian Held batteries then withdrew
to NanquanlJng Hill and from there
continued to fire on the Japanese until
nightfall. -
After the Russian batteries had been
TOK1O, May 2&— The Japanese as
sault on Nanshan Hill was one of the
fiercest and bloodiest affairs in modern
warfare. In the earlier rushes of the
engagement eveVy man participating
was shot down before he reached the
first line of Russian trenches. It was
found necessary to cease these infantry
charges and renew the artillery fire
from the rear before the final and suc
cessful assault on the Russian position
could be made. The success of this
assault was brought about by one de
tachment of Japanese troops, more in
trepid than their comrades, who suc
ceeded in piercing the Russian line.
A splendid stroke of fortune was the
discovery and the destruction by the
Japanese of the electric wires leading
to' the mines at the eastern foot of Nan
shan Hilk This prevented the Russians
exploding these mines when the Japa
nese'infantry crossed the ground where
they, had been placed. It is possible
that' the fortunes of the day hinged
upon these mines. If the Russians had
been able to <vcplode them at the right
time the losses among the Japanese
troops wouldphave been tremendous,
and it is possible also that the Rus
sians would have been able to hold the
hill.
Nanshan was splendidly defended.
Nearly fifty guns of various sizes
were mounted on the various em
placements, and there were also. two
batteries of quick-firing Held pieces. :
The artillery was sheltered behind loop-'
holed trenches on the terraces of the
hill. The infantry manning the field
pieces ran with them around the. hill,
thus using the guns for the protection
of the most important points.
RUSSIAN GUNS SILENCED.
TO1QO, May 29 (hd'qn).***The Japanese casual*
ties at Nanshan are now estimated at 3500. The num*
her of Russian guns captured exceeds seventy.
Japanese Make Repeated Charges From
Which Not a Soldier Returns. . ¦
. It was a campaign of deception and
the smiles upon the faces of Mr. and
Mrs. Vanderbilt as they entered the
hotel here showed how thoroughly
they enjoyed the joke on District At
torney Jerome and his siibpena
servers.
PHILADELPHIA. May 2S. — .Reyi
nald Vanderbilt is in Phlladelphfa, and
he did not come by boat from Boston.
He came straight through New York
City in his automobile and arrived in
this city by the Pennsylvania train to
night. He was enabled to do this by
eluding and deceiving the New York
detectives, who were armed with sub
penas calling upon him to appear and
testify in the Canfield gambling case.
Vanderbilt. disguised by a rough
coat, an automobile cap with a long,
pointed brim, and huge automobile
goggles, actually passed through New
York twice to-day without being rec
ognized. He was assisted by Alfred
Craven Palmer and sevsral other
young men.
Special Dispatch to The Ca!T.
LOS ANGELES. May 28.— Henry T.
Oxnard has declared himself a candi
date for the United States Senate to
succeed Senator Thomas R. Bard, and
his name will be presented at the forth
coming session of the Legislature as
such. The official announcement "f his
candidacy was made to-day in the foU
lowing card to the public:
"In order to frivtrr rny friend and neigh
bor Senator Bard an opportunity to
return to California and personally set
forth his position regarding the Sena
torfhip, I have until thia date delayed
declaring my plans with reference to
the approaching campaign. I will now
state, however, that jf the next Legis
lature is Republican, as it undoubtedly
will be, my name will be placed bei'ore
it as a candidate for the United States
isenatorship."
Special Dispatch to The OH
Through her- and her parents, the
police say, thousands. of babies have
been disposed of. . When Mrs. Eliz
abeth Starr Martin tried to foist a
bogus • baby upon her husband. Dr.
Martin of Boston, it was shown that
the baby was procured by Miss Stack.
In 189 S Miss Stack -was prosecuted on
a charge of running a baby farm.
XEW YORK. May 28. — Following
the death- to-day of Louise Hell. IS
years of age, who swallowed carbolic
acid and through the confession made
by William Bauman. her sweetheart,
who is under arrest, ¦" the detectives
have made the astounding discovery
that' a "baby trust" exists : in New
York. They are searching for Kate
Stack, v.hom Bauman had mentioned.
At the ' Stack .home the men were
told that Miss Stack would return in
a half hour. They appealed to the
police to assist them in breaking down
the doors of the house. A policeman
was detailed to help them.
"Why, if v/on't do any good to
break into that house," he said. "We
all know about that woman over here.
We also know that there is here one
of the strongest and most mysterious
organizations in the city. We call it
the 'baby trust.' They deal in babies.
They take foundlings and sell them to
the • highest bidders. The organiza
tion has a sst of officers and, several
attorneys who defend the members
when they are arrested." •
Special . Dispatch to The C»H
Continued on Paje 22, Column 5.
DECISION" OF INTEREST.
' ' Most interesting from a legal stand
point was the decision in regard to a
«-.!aim by Great Britain for interest at
§ per cent upon awards made by a
. It will be remembered that in De
cember, 1002: after repeated refusals
on the part of the Venezuelan Govern
ment to meet certain claims due to
various powers the interested nations
combined In blockading the ports of. the
. Fuulii American republic. Through the
fciterWntlun ol tht: United States the
DCAteadlng factions consented to arbi
trate their claims. Eleven countries
v.rn: involved, including Great Britain,
Germany. Italy, Holland, Spain, Mexico
and the I'nUed Stales.
SELECTION OF UMPIRE.
Oreat Britain, Holland and Venezu
ela united in asking President Roose
velt to appoint an umpire to settle the
points Involved upon which they could
* not agree. Mr. Plumley was the man
selected to perform this task. Home of
the questions which Mr. PJumley was
called to decide were new in interna
tional Jurisprudence, and so he was
permitted to take the evidence and
' briefs to this country for further con
sideration. Mr. Plumley for the Qrst
time ha« outlined the results of his
. deliberations.
There we're four awards, one involv
ing a lnrge sum of money, and the
others dealing with important ques
tions of international law. In one case
regarding the payment of Interest on
the awards, there was no precedent.
The two remaining questions were
about citizenship, where the laws of.
the contending countries were not unl
iorm arid well settled. These decisions
rendered by Mr. Plumley were among
the most important and far reaching
which came before any of the com
missions at the Caracas convention.
The first of the awards was in the
celebrated case between the Puerto
Tabello and Valencia Railway Com
pany, a powerful British corporation,
indlhe Venezuelan Government. The
Government guaranteed the company
p. certain net income, which was not
made pood. The umpire made an
••iivard in favor of the company or
$1,200,000.
. .LOS ANGELES, May £S.— The Hon.
. Jrank Plumley of Vermont, one of the
•rrcit prominent of the laymen attend
ing the Geperal Conference of the
Methodist church, now closing its la
;.bc>s in this city, has just forwarded to
"tne British and Venezuelan goverji
•*.m.fr,tK through their respective Embas
'sadors his decision as umpire in the
* dlr.putes- between these countries.
Specitl Dispatch to Th* Ca!!
Foundlings Sold to
the Highest
DlUliolo.
"/Umpire Plumley Ends
¦ . a Venezuelan
'¦¦ Question.
Slides Jerome's Men
in New York
: City. I
Henry T.Omard Will
Go Before State
Legislature.
The above map?, one illustrating Japanese operations on Lkotun^ Peninsula during the present war
and the other the Japanese campaign during the war with China, shotv how closely ' Tokio's" war board i<*
pursuing Its former victorious tacties for the capture of Port Arthur. Up to ,«lntc each movement in the
general campaign having for its object the s-eizure of the Russian- stronghold has been identical with that
made when the defenders of Liaotung were Chinese regulars. There remain only the final tragedies', of a
s-arjruinary undertaking — tire •assault upon the Russian "Gibraltar" and the capture of Palny. Japan's vic
tory at Kindlon lias cleared the way for these. ¦•*
Japan's Present Operations Identical With Those in War .With. China
DISPUTES
OF NATIONS
ADJUSTED
VANDERBILT
TRAVELS IN
A DISGUISE
ANNOUNCES
CANDIDACY
FOR SENATE
BABY TRUST
FLOURISHES
IN GOTHAM
Alcaiar— "A PoniU* Cue. 1 *
Calif omla — "Janlc* Meredith."
Central — "A Great Temptation."
Matiate To-Day.
Chutes — VaudeTlll*. -
Grand — "Glamcnda." Mattnee
To-Bay.
Orph«nm— V»nfl9Tllle. M&tiaeo
To-Day.
Tivoli— "A Sunaway Glxl." I 7- ' '
l'JLB TREATEBS.
TSB WSATSSB.
Ferecwt made at San XVaa
clsco tor thirty boors eudlar*
alfialrtt, Stay 89. 1304: r
• 8aa Francisco aad Tlctalty—
Cloaar Sundry; fresh southerly
yrtnd*. thx&gtzg to tatek west
erly. . A. O. XcASXB.
District rcxecajtter.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 1SL
FORTY-FOUR PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1904— PAGES". 21 TO. 32.
The San Francisco Call.WASHINGTON. May 28.— President Roose
velt will ; participate in the exercises on Me
morial day on the battlefield of ; Gettysburg.
WASHINGTON. May 28. — The Comptroller
of the Currency has been notified by Bank Ex
aminer • Sturtevant that he cloied to-day the
Elk J City. National Bank of Elk City, Okla.
The capital stock of the bank was $20,000.
AUXILIARY CRUISER
DIXIE SAILS FOR COLON
Leaves Wijh Stores and Provisions and
pn Return Trip Will Bring Back
Marines to League Island.
PHILADELPHIA, May 28. — The
auxiliary cruiser Dixie sailed from the
navy yard\^o-day, for Colon, with
etore3 and provisions. • At Colon the
vessel will take aboard 400 marines,
who have been serving there for more
than a year, and will return with
them to League Island. After land
ing the marines there the vessel will
go to the Brooklyn navy yard. to await
orders. HBHKSfiS&mflBBj
FOE TO BOLL WEEVIL
HAS BEEN DISCOVERED
Botanist Cooke Finds a Destroyer of
Cotton Pest and Government
Is dated.
WASHINGTON, May 28,—The De
partment ,of Agriculture to-day an
nounced that»an ant has been found
in Guatemala that is an effective enrimy
of the boll weevil. It will immediate
ly be introduced into the cotton States.
The greatest significance* is attached
to the discovery, which was made by
O. F. Cooke, the botanist in charge of
tropical agriculture investigations.
Cabled instructions have been sent
to him to report Immediately to the
department what assistance he needs
in the .way of men and money.
COMMANDER HUBBARD
TO GO TO BOSTON
Will Leave the Nashville to Relieve
the Newly Appointed Judge Ad
vocate of the Navy. .7,';.^
WASHINGTON, May 28.—Com
mander John Hubbard, ' now com
manding the U. S. S. Nashville, will be
ordered to take command of the U.
S. S. Boston when that ship arrives at
San Francisco from- Acapulco. • Com- 1
mander Diehl of the Bosto'n, who has
been appointed judge advocate gen
eral of the navy, will, upon reaching
San Francisco, proceed to Washing
ton. Commander Hubbard' is one of
the most capable officers In the ser
vice. He commandeft the Nashville
at Colon November 3, '1903, when
Panama proclaimed independence,
and he. played an important part in
the events which followed.
CHINESE SPURNS CORN
DOCTORS OF ST. LOUIS
Celestial Travels to San Francisco to
Be Treated by a Mongolian
Specialist.
ST. LOUIS, May 28.— Accompanied
by Nam Owyang, his private secretary,
Yu Chi Yi. Commissioner from the
Chinese province of Shantung: to the
World's Fair, started to-day for San
Francisco to have a corn cut off his
foot by a Chinese doctor.
Before the train pulled out Commis
sioner Yl stated that he had 'suffered
greatly for a week with the corn, in
cidentally losing much sleep, and
would travel all the way back to
China, if necessary, to be treated by
a great corn specialist of his own race.
Such a specialist, he stated, resided
in San Francisco. *: :-
WILL HEAR NO APPEAL
FROM EXAJUNING BOARD
President and Secretary of Navy Will
Xo Longer Intercede for Anna
polls Applicants.
WASHINGTON. May J 28.— Several
matters of Importance were considered
at the Cabinet meeting to-day. It was
decided, on the suggestion of Secretary
Moody, that hereafter neither the
President nor the Navy Department
would entertain appeals from applica
tions for admission to the Naval Acad
emy at Annapolis from the decision of
the medical examining board. Here
tofore it has been a practice of such
applicants aa were declared by the
medical board to be physically disqual
ified to carry their cases to the Presi
dent or the Navy Department in the
hope of having the decision of the
board overruled.
Steel Factory Sold at Auction.
BOSTON. May 28. — The plant of
the United States Steel Company of
Everett, the stockholders of which
have been in disagreement as to the
management of the concern's affaira,
was sold for $50,000 at public auction,
to-day to the International Trust Com
pany, for the benefit of the bondhold
ers. •':.-. ..
The "nlnety-nine-year act" is a stat
ute passed by the Illinois Legislature
many years ago granting the streetcar
companies in Chicago practically a
free hand. If the contentions of the
companies were accepted.
CHICAGO, May 23. — A decision
which in effect upholds the so-called
ninety-nine-year act, but restricts ap
plication, was announced to-day by
Judges Grosscup and Jenkins in the
United States Circuit Court. The de
cision says the act applies to all or
dinances and grants made by the city
of Chicago up to the adoption of the
city charter in 1875, but does not ap
ply to grants after that date.
Render Decision Applying to All Or
dinances and Grants Made by Chi
cago Up to 1875.
FEDERAL JUDGES UPHOLD
SO-CALLED 99-YEAR ACT
Two physicians attended her during
the night and to-day she is confined
to her room. Her eyes are swollen al
most shut and her back and arms are
badly bruised.
It is not likely that Miss McGee will
be able to reign as queen of the car
nival, although she says she will take
part in the festivities if she is able to
sit up.
JOPLIN, Mo.. May 28. — Miss Maude
McGee. queen-elect of the Joplin car
nival, was assaulted at a local lodge
room last night by Mrs. J. R. Wey
land, wife of a well-konwn druggist,
who had just been deposed as matron
of honor In the grand opening parade,
which is to take place next Monday
night.
When attacked by Mrs. Weyland the
queen-elect screamed and before as-»
sistance reached her she was un
conscious.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wife of a Joplin Druggist,
Being Deposed as Matron
of Honor, Assaults Her
SANTA ROSA, May 2&— Carl Rlvennan. a
stxteen-year-old con of Mr. and Mrs. A. River
man, who resides near this city, fell from a
water tank to-day and broke both bones of
his left lex.
May 2S. — The local police have dis
covered hundreds of skeletons of chil
dren in a loft on the premises occupied
by an old midwife.
Find Hundreds of Skeletons of Chil
dren In a Loft on Premises Oc
cupied by a Midwife.
TAGIL, Province of Perm, Russia,
RUSSIAN POLICE MAKE
A GHASTLY DISCOVERY
Appointments by the Governor.
SACRAMENTO, May 2S. — Governor
Par dee to-day announced the follow
ing appointments: George Pierce of
Yolo County, to succeed George Stack
of Sacramento on the auditing board
of the Commission of Public Works;
Nathaniel Ellery, to succeed himself
as Highway Commissioner; H. C. Cap
well, S. Kahn and J. W. Scott, to be
members of the board oC directors of
the Industrial School for the Blind at
Oakland.
mixed commission • in 1869, the con
vention constituting this commission
having provided that -the Venezuelan
Government should by its Congress
make provision without delay for the
payment of these awards.-. There was
a delay in the payment covering six
teen years. Venezuela denied the right
to collect interest, since there was no
specific provision for it by the two
governments.
Mr. Plumley held that interest at
the rate 3 per cent, the Venezuelan
statutory rate when no rate is named
in the contract, should be allowed
from the time when the Venezuelan
Congress ratified the terms of the con
vention, accepted the findings of the
commission and made the first pay
ment on account.
Regarding the dispute as to citizen
ship, England set up the claim that a
man born in Venezuela of British
parents resident in Venezuela, and al
ways residing himself in Venezuela,
was a British subject under the consti
tution of Venezuela existing at the time
of his birth. This construction of the
constitution Venezuela opposed, and in
sisted that he was a Venezuelan by
birth and domicile. The latter conten
tion was sustained by the umpire.
CONFLICT OF LAWS.
In the last decision Great Britain
urged that In case of a British subject
domiciled in Venezuela who died there
and who was married to a. Venezuelan
woman, such widow became a British
subject by such marriage and retained
it after his decease, and could appear
as a claimant for a cause accruing to
her husband in his lifetime. Venezuela
held that under the Venezuelan laws
at the decease of her husband, she be
ing then a resident of Venezuela, " she
reverted to her status prior to the mar
riage. It appeared that the claim in
Question accrued and the husband died
before the holding of the convention
constituting the commission. Mr.
Plumley held that the claim of Great
Britain was in accord with its law on
the subject, that the position of Vene
zuela was in accordance with Its law,
and there being thus a conflict of laws
the law of domicile must prevail, and
therefore the claim • of Great Britain
was denied.
FIESTA QUEEN
BADLY BEATEN
Continued From Page 21, Column 1.
UMPIRE DECIDES VENEZUELA CASE
NEW ATTRACTION FOR FAIR.
Toe Palace Damascus to Be Brought
Piece by Piece From Syria.
ST. LOUIS, May 23. — The Informal
opening of the Mexican and The
Netherlands pavilions took place to
day.
The Palace Damascus, an edifice so
old that its builder, its occupants and
Its history are lost in the obscurity of
the past, is the latest attraction . se
cured for the fair. The structure is
not to be a replica, but the actual
building will be brought piece by piece
from Syria and rebuilt at St. Louis. In
the. building will • be seen the rarest
and most beautiful collection of Greek
and Oriental art in the world. . . ¦ ,. ..
BY PAULr EDWARDS.
CALL, BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR,
ST. LOUIS, May 28.-rThe Dunkard Na
tional Convention, which is usually at
tended by 10,000 or 15,000 delegates from
all parts of the country, will, most like
ly convene in California in 1906. Tennes
see has been chosen for next ' year's
gathering, and a little effort by Califor
nians will secure the one following for
the Golden State. The- Bishops of the
sect practically gave a promise of the
convention 1 of, 1906 to the California
representatives, who went from here to
Carthage. Mo., with hopes of securing
that of 1905. " .
California's sister State, Nevada, Is
malting herself known at the fair. She
has already, won fame for her hospital
ity and exDects to win fame and more
medals with her mineral and agricul
tural displays. • At Chicago Nevada
took first prizes for flour and wheat
and also for honey and potatoes. She
took twenty-nine first prizes there, and,
as one of her commissioners modestly
puts it, she exDects to take them all
at St. Louis.
• Nevada has a cozy little building
under the maples just across from the
pretentious Pennsylvania structure,
and from far up the somber counten
ance of William Penn looks down upon
the World's Fair home of this younger
member of the family of States, full of
the throb of Western energy and am
bition. In the Nevada building are some
relics that are drawing many visitors.
One is the. lash of the whip used by
Hank Monk on the evening he landed
Horace Greeley in Placerville after the
memorable ride taken by the famous
editor in a California stage coach. It is
owned by Thomas Heidenricht of Car
son City. ' ,
"Borax Bill!" who as a baby was
William Parkinson, is probably the
chef d'ouvre of Nevada's display. He
is becoming known to all the fair vis
itors. Bill, abaft of twenty mules and
with every ribbon fully at his com
mand, Is goingto set all the West back
half a century in its efforts to appear
civilized to the effete East.
Of gold ore in her display in the
Mines building Nevada shows a won
derful variety— the greatest variety she
claims. Even sylvanite, supposed to
exist only in Colorado, Is exhibited.
Pieces of ore are shown, a ton of which
would make one rich. The "Yerring
ton nugget," a chunk of rock luminous
with ruby silver, weighs 271 pounds
and is worth JSOOO. Tonopah is well
represented and displays are on the
way from Goldfields and the Search
light mine.
But it is in agriculture, that Nevada
sees her permanent future and her
cereals, figs, apricots,' potatoes, apples,
honey and melons are to be shown
in abundance. She .has rich valleys
and they produce unstintedly. Visitors
will be told of the 1,500,000 acres of
arid land, rich as any on earth, that
Is to be watered by Government canals
next year and thrown open to settle
ment.
Charles Pierce of 14 Turk street, San
Francisco, is. here on his way to Syra
cuse, N. Y., to attend the annual ses
sion of the Holstein-Friesian Associa
tion of America and Canada. He will
try to secure the next session for Cali
fornia.
Dr. McSweegan, formerly a well
known Democratic politician in San
Francisco, where his brothers still re
side, but now prominent in his pro
fession in Kansas City, is visiting the
fair.
The following Californians have reg
istered at the State, building: -
From San Francisco — Lizzie Dren
non, O. J. Russert, T. C. Hopkins, Mil
ton Davis, Earnest Grant, E. Ghirar
delli, Mrs. F. H. Carroll. Mr. and Mrs.
L. E. Eppinger, R. Bradug, Mies Julia
Prescott, A. B. Teichner, Phil A. Erbes,
Lima S. Hass, Mrs. B. S. Bailey, C. H.
La Page, Dr. and Mrs. George Pres
ton, Miss I. N. Enright, Edward En
right, Mrs. J. C. Boyd, I. L. Johnson,
P. H. Johnson, Samuel P. Johnson,
Helen M. Davis, Mrs. A. J.- Pinkstone,
Mrs. J. J. de Haven, W. Schehr and
wife, Edgar D. Peixotto, Miss J. B.
Pelxotto, Miss M. Nathan, Miss Fran
ces Wolf, Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Na
than. Mrs. J. L.. Russell, L.. J. Russell,
G. Wedel. Professor G. Wedel, Dr. P.
H. Seibel. Marie E. Seibel, John Lan
don, R. Bertheau, J. Unger, Miss Cro
well, Dasie E. Crowell, Julius H. Mar
tin, Mrs. C. H. Churchill. Miss Ger
trude Churchill, Owen P. Churchill,
Edward Strasburg, Helen I. Moody, T.
A. Bryant and family. Rev. J. H. Coop
er and family, G. W. Baird, Mrs. Alex
C. Blair, Catherine White, Sanborn R.
Lucas, Louis. Hopkins, Mrs. S. Ber
berich, Mrs. Jonathan Hill, Ethel Van
Urb, A. J. Munn, Mrs. Mary Gilbride,
Mrs. C..V. Henderson and Frank Bair
oskey. -If '
From • Stockton — Fred E. Potter, W.
A. Pickering, E. H. Morris, T. A. Cha
rette. .,''-.;-
. From Oakland— Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Beckwith, Dr. Luelle Stone, Adelia
Zeis, Miss C. M. Tombly, A. B. Swang
er, Lela Coler Martin.
From Alameda — Mrs. R. Bradley and
son. M. J. Rounds, C. P. Naber.
From Berkeley — Clarence Paschell,
E. H. Hart. ,
From San Jose — Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Peekham. C. Ubrici. Mrs. L. H. Chase.
From Pasadena— N. F. Juers, Lizzie
Neileil.
Miscellaneous — G. H. Hoover, Port
Costa; Mrs. G. "Wilson, Santa Ana; R.
A. Black. Salinas; Miss H. M. Fillmore,
Redlands; J. E. Pollock, Eureka; F. J.
Romer, San Diego; Mrs. E. L». Jones,
Eureka; Beatrice Jones, Eureka; Besa
Falk. Satacoy; Mrs. C. H. Hill, Pied
mont; Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Good, Fres
no; C. M. Condick, Bakersflejd; T., O.
Graves. San Luis Obispb; J. IT. Mitch
ell, Sonoma; M.. Dlckson. San Rafael;
E. Hiel and wife, Long Beach; Dr. .H.
Black and wife, Stanford; H. R.Crowell,
Santa Paula. ¦ .
WASHINGTON. May 28.— Rear Ad
miral Jewell reported by cable to. the
Navy Department to-day the arrival of
th«~r European squadron - under —his
command, embracing the Olympic, the
Baltimore. and the Cleveland, at Hor
ta, -Azores,. V Orders were sent to the
admiral to. proceed to Tangier.
The kidnapers of Perdicaris'and his
stepson, Varley, in Morocco, have
submitted, their terms for fansom and
the State Department has decided that
they are absolutely impossible of ac
ceptance.
Bandit Raissouli demanded that the
Moorish forces should be withdrawn
from the district in which his band
operated, leaving him in" control. He
asked for a large money ran
som to be collected from the Gover
nors of Tangier and Fez, who happen
to be bitter enemies. He further de
manded absolute immunity for himself
and his followers from pursuit or pun
ishment for the kidnaping and other
crimes which they had committed in
the past. To cap the climax ,of hia
demands, Raissouli insisted that the
United States and Great Britain
should solemnly guarantee the observ
ance by the Moorish Government of
the foregoing stipulations.
Secretary Hay had a conference
with the President and it was agreed
that Raissouli's terms could not be
met. To grant them would be equiv
alent to forcing the Sultan of Morocco
to abdicate in favor of a brigand, so
far as a considerable part of the
Moorish trial was concerned.
The next step is in doubt. Admiral
Chadwick will be at Tangier by to
morrow morning on the Brooklyn, to
be followed in the course of a day or
two by the remainder of his fleet. As
the utmost confidence is imposed in
the discretion and judgment of the
admiral, the present disposition is to
leave him a free hand to deal with
this case in co-operation with Consul
General Gummere.
European Squadron Arrives
at the Azores and Is Or
dered to Proceed to Tangier
Her Commissioners An
• nounce That They Expect
to Carry Off Many Prizes
ATTRACTIVE EXHIBITS
MORE WARSHIPS SENT
United' States -Cannot Agree
to Terms Proposed by tjje
; Kidnapers of Perdicaris
California's Sister State Is
Winning Fame at Exposi
tion for Its Hospitality
BANDIT MAKES
BIG DEMANDS
NEVADA MAKES
A BIG DISPLAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29 X 1004.
22
j ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eruptions
I The only way to get rid
of pimples and other erup-
i tions is to cleanse the blood.
Improve the digestion, stim-
ulate the kidneys, liver and
skin. The medicine to take is
Hood'sSarsaparilla
Which has cared thousands.
JWe will offer the following \
choice propert'— ¦ by order of
the referee 1 rsday. June -J, <
1904, at our salesroom, 20
Montgomery street.
Subject to confirmation by
the Superior Court. j
NO. x.
Ellis street, south line. 82:6
east of Jones street, east 27;6x
I 137:6. Improvements consist of
a, three-story dwelling rented
i low at $85 per month. A
splendid holding 1 to improve
with a modern building.
NO. 2. ¦
Bush street, south line, 137:6
east of Stockton street, east i
45:10x137:6 to Harlem place, j
Improvements consist of frame
building rented low at $115.50
per month. Rents could readily
be increased. 4
Notice — Bids obtained at this
sale cannot be increased in
court - i
For terms and further par-
ticulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., I
Auctioneers, 20 Montgomery st.
Radway's
Pills
X*ur«:jr vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause*
perfect digestion, .complete absorption and
bcaltbtul regularity.
For cura of all dleordera of Stomach, Liver,
Bowc!a.KiaseyB. Blaftder. FemaU IrreiralartUes.
EicUIealacfce.Bmousaesa.CoBstlpatioo.Pllea and
all dera&remeatj of Internal Viscera, 25c box.
At CruofrW or by mail. XUdwajr & OH. U Y.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIE3.
¦Jnslm& £annot
Backed up by over a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a record
such a3 no other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors of Dr. Pierce'a
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
ranted in offering to pay $500 in legal
money of the United States, for any case
of I«eucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolap-
sus, or Falling- of Womb which they, can-
not cure. All they ask is a fair and reason-
able trial of their means of cure.
«I used four bottles of your 'Favorite Pre-
scription* and one of 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery/ " writes Mrs. Elmer D. Shearer, of Mount-
hope, Lancaster Co., Fa., "and can say that I am
cured of that dreaded disease, uterine trouble.
. Am in better health than ever before. Every-
one Trbo knows me is surprised to »ec me look
so well. In June I was so poor in health that
at Ujne» I could not walk. To-day I am cured.
I t&U «»erybody that Dr. Piercc's medicines
curtj me." ,
! Fxee. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send 31
one-cent stamps for the cloth-bound volume.
Address World's Dispensary Medical Asso«
ciation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y.
. - n — — —
Another Case or Appendicitis
Cured Without Any
Operation.
Dr. T. Wah Hing cured N. Peterson of
appendicltia, complicated with liver trou-
ble, and there has been no return of ill-
ness since. . .. • ,• . ; •¦ .
Sacramento, April 21, 1904. .
About two years ago I was taken down
with appendicitis, and upon consulting
one of the prominent physicians in -thiii
city was informed that an operation' was
absolutely necessary. A friend referred
me to Dr. Wah Hing, Chinese physician,
827 J street, Sacramento, who entirely
cured me. I lost but one week's work,
have had no return of the trouble since
and can, safely recommend Dr. Hing to
anyone. (Signed) v
N. PETERSON, 338 P St., Sacramento.
SEE >*EXT SUXDAY C ALI*
By Jerome K. Jerome.
AMERICAN* GIRL'S
ETIQUETTE.
Witty, bright, keen and cutting, j
but docs he write true
or false? !
hy In memc^of^he heroes bf/\61 and \
M '98/cfirl%es^^ be clbse3 iomorrowx
U— 740 Market Street Q, TtiMlti%f\l\ X ft\. C^QPowell, Edd> , *] ¦
*——* Opposite Third Street. W/* % V \JJJU ty \}J andMarket Streets
DE. iilLMEB'S- SWAMP-BOOT.
DO TOD GET UP ~
WITH A LAME BACK?
Have You RHeumatlsm, Kidney,
Liv/er or Bladder TTroulole *? ?
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or <iall ache in the back is un-
mistakable evidence of kidney trouble.
It is nature's timely warning to show
you that the track of health is not dear.
If these danger signals are unheeded
more serious results are sure to follow;
Bright"* disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble, may steal upon
arou.
The mild and the extraordinarr effect
of the world-famous kidney and bladder
remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swami>-Root. is
soon realized. It stands the highest for
its wonderful cures of the most distress-
ing cases. A trial will convince any
one — and you may have a sample bottle
free, by mail.
Geatlemea — I attribute my present
rood health to Swamp-Soot. X suffered
many years with kidney trouble and had
aa almost constant pain la my back.
Your trreat remedy. Swamp-Hoot, cured
my trouble, aad Z have since been per-
fectly well. Tours truly.
B. H. CaALKEB. ex-Chief of Police,
Ozark. Ala,
% Lame back is only one symptom ol
kidney trouble — one of many. Other
symptoms showing that you need
Swamp-Root are, being obliged to pass
water often during the day and to get
eg many times during the night, inabil-
ity to hold your urine, smarting or irri-
tation in passing, brick-dust or sedi-
ment in the urine, catarrh of the blad-
der, uric acid, constant headache, dizzi-
ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, irregu-
lar heart-beating, rheumatism, bloating,
irritability, worn-out feeling, lack of
ambition, loss of flesh, sallow com-
plexion.
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
•twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
settling, or has a cloudy appearance, it
is evidence that your kidneys and blad-
der need immediate attention.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to Mature, for Swamp-
Root is the most perfect healer and
gentle aid to the kidneys that is known
; to medical science. •
Swamp-Root is the trreat discovery
of Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
bladder specialist. Hospitals use it
; with wonderful success in both slight
and severe cases. Doctors recommend
' it to their patients and use it in their
own families, because they recoenize in
Swamp-Root the greatest ami most suc-
cessful remedy for any deranzement of
the kidneys, liver and bladder.
So successful is Swamp-Root in
; promptly curing even the most dis-
tressing' cases, that to prove its won-
; derful merits you may have a sample
bottle and a book of valuable infor-
' mation, both sent absolutely free by
mail. The book contains many of the
thousands upon thousands of tcsti-
¦ monial letters received from men and
• women cured. The value and success
of Swamp-Root is so well known that
our readers arc advised to send for a
sample bottle. In writing to Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y. f be
sure to say that you read this gener-
ous offer in the San Francisco Sunday
Call. The proprietors of this paper
guarantee the genuineness of this of-
fer.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
dollar size bottles at druj? stores every-
where. Don't make any mistake, but
remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
Binghamton. N. Y.. on every bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i f
I Elegant Rattan Rockers
I In all the latest patterns with shellac natural finish, j
I at prices that are right and at terms to suit your in-
U come. We have just received a consignment of
I mattings from the Orient that are beauties, the colors
and patterns being rich and artistic, something that
has not as yet been placed on sale in "this city." In
all departments of our immense store we can give
you decided bargains. Come in and see them.'
THE J. NOONfiN FURNITURE GO.
1017-1023 Mission St., Above Sixth.Representative of American Syndicate
" leaves Halifax to Make' Final Ar
rangements With Quebec.
HALIFAX, Nova Scotia, May 2 8^— |
READY TO CLOSE SALE
OF MAGDALEX ISLANDS
HONGKONG, May 28. — Three Chi
nese warships, four gunboats and two'
torpedo-boat destroyers, which arrived
at Macao, the Portuguese settlement
In Kwantung province, May 25, to sup
port the demand of the Viceroy of
Canton for the extradition of a fugi
tive from -Chinese justice, have left
Macao. The fugitive has not been sur
rendered.
Jjcare Without Secnrinjr the Fugitive
Whose Surrender Was Demanded'
by Uio Viceroy of Canton.
CHINESE FIGHTING SHIPS
WrniDR/ ' FROM 3IACAO
Men often say things V» a woman in
a spirit of banter which carry a sting.
Death of a Railroad Attorney.
CHICAGO. May 28.— Arthur TV. Pul
ver. general attorney for the Chicago
and Rock Island Company, died to
day of pneumonia.
Travelers and other* who have nev»r seen
T>1 Monte may do so on one-way tickets be
tween San Francisco and Los Angeles, -which
are sold for $22 and which entitle the holder to
two days' stopover and entertainment at tho
famous hotel. This rate Is Rood {(nine eUbe>
directlon. Children's rate. JI4 5O. Privilege of
SO days' stopover. A;k about It of Southern
Pacific agents, or at 61.1 Market street. •
Entertained at Del Monte.
Jhe officials believe that De Prcs
senz's dispatch correctly states the
devastation the Turks have wrought.
PARIS, May 28.— Thc Government's
advices concerning the details of the
Armenian massacres are not yet defi
nite, but the official view is that the
depredations are very grave. -Deputy
de Pressenz (Socialist), who has con
fidential relations with the Foreign Of
fice, has received a telegram from Baku
saying the Turkish forces operating
against the Armenians consisted of 12,
000 regulars and 16,000 Kurds, with fif
teen guns. The dispatch further as
serts that forty-three .villages were
burned and that the inhabitants .were
killed. The male Armenians are said
to have made a desperate resistance
on the summit of Mount Antok.
De Pressenz has forwarded the dis
patch to Foreign Minister Delcasse,
with a letter announcing that he will
question the Minister in the Chamber
of Deputies concerning "what steps
French diplomacy intends to take to
put a stop to this lamentable crime."
Some time ago. when Vial and Miss
Straka, eloped, an attempt was made
to procure Indictments 'against them
on serious charges, because at that time
Straka and his wife believed Vial to be
their son. The Grand Jury refused to !
indict them because of lack of evidencfa.
Six months ago Straka arrived in
New york from Bohemia, He sent for
his wife and daughter, and while they
were crossing the ocean they met Vial,
who was working as a deck hand ' on
the ocean 'liner. When the mother saw
the young man* she embraced him and
declared he was her son, who left his
home in Bohemia when 14 years old.
The assertions of the mother were
denied by the young man, but he said
he was willing to pose as her son if she
insisted. They came to Chicago and, as
Detrick Straka, Vial went to work and
helped to support the family. .
His love for Anna Straka grew, and
a short time ago they disappeared from
Straka's home. They furnished a flat
and were making; preparations to be
married when arrested. '•.
. They were taken to the station and
one'week ago were arraigned in court.
The case was continued, and last
Thursday it v was again called. VfSI said
he was born - in Germany, while . the
"long lost" son was born in Bohemia.
He said he had pos»d a3 a son,* but
his story convinced Justice .Sabath that
the. young man was not "the son of
Straka and his wife.
The mother still insisted ¦ that, she
knew. Vial was her son. while thc father
agreed with; the Justice. It was then
decided that Vial and Miss Straka
CHICAGO, May 28.— Arrested as
brother and sister eloping from their
home, later discharged from custody
and finaJly married was the experience
of Detrick Vial, 22 years old, and Anna
Slraka, 20 years old. The young per
sons were married last evening by Jus
tice Sabath. Although the marriage
ceremony was not interfered with, Mrs.
Strak/i. the girl's mother, still insists
that Vial is her "long lost" son, while
Straka says he is satislied Vial is not
his son.
Special . Dijpatch to The Call
Additional Details of thc
Armenian fSassaere Arc
Received by French Deputy
Woman Declares Both Prin
cipals in a Marriage Cere
mony Are Her Children
For the three holidays. Saturday. Sun
day and Monday, May 2S. 23 and 30. the
California Northwestern Ry.. the Pictur
esque route of California, will make one
fare for the round trip from San Fran
cisco to all points on the road, except
suburban. These tickets will be good
tzcinx Saturday. Sunday or Monday, with
the return limit Tuesday. May 31. This
will give many an opportunity to get
out into the country for a short trip
just when it Is at its prettiest. Get a
copy of "Vacation 1D04," look over it.
and take a pleasant trip during these
three days and at the same time arrange
for your summer outinjr. On Monday,
May 30, the train will leave Camp Vaca
tion at 5 p. m.: Russian River Heights
at 5:10 p. m.: Gue^rnewood Park at 5:15
p. in., and Guernevllle at 5:20 p. m.;
from Glen Ellen at 6:15 p. m. Both
trains will stop at Intermediate points,
arriving ln San Francisco at 8:45 p. m.
Ticket offlces 650 Market street. Chron
icle building, and Tiburon Ferry, foot
of Market street. . •
Special Excursion Rates.
DECORATION DAY HOLIDAYS.
TURKS DESTROY
MANY VILLAGES
QUEER TANGLE
IN ELOPEMENT
THE HAGUET May 28. — A revolt
that began in a village north of Sido
arko. an island of Java. Dutch East
Indies, and which was started by
fanatics yesterday, has been quelled by
the troops, who killed seventy-two of
the rebels and arrested a dozen of the
ringleaders.
Fanatics Start a Revolt on an l»Uiml
of Java and Seventy-Two of
Them Are Killed.
TROOPS ARE CALLED OUT
TO QUEIil* A REBELLION"
NEW YORK, May 28. — A bicycle
policeman, with no rggard for the ma-
JestJI of the Mayors chauffeur, has ar
rested that individual for exceeding
the speed limit. Thc chauffeur was
on his way to meet thc Mayor at Fifth
avenue and Staurant street. He was
late and d.ished at high speed past the
jrunrdian of the law, who gave chase
for reveral block?, with the dust flying
In his face. When the chauffeur at
tempted to explain that the chief
executive of Greater New York was
to be neriouK!}- inconvenienced by his
misadventure, the policeman scented
a plot to eseapo, and. refusing to be
drawn into it, haled his prisoner oft
to the station-house. When the al
leged lawbreaker had about come to
the conclusion that he was locked up
for the night a friend of the Mayor
appeared and bailed him out.
Bicycle Policeman Takes Him Into
Custody for Exceeding the Speed
Limit on Fifth Avenue.
AltRKSTS TIIK CHAUFFEUR
OF MAYOR OF NEW YORK
CHICAGO, May 2S. — Policy gam
bling in Chicago v.ith annual profits
fj-timated at 510.000.000, is declared
by As5istant_X.'hief of Police Srhuett
l*»r practically to have been obliterat
ed by a new line of attack against the
policy men. As the result of a con
ference between Sr-huettler and As
sistant State's Attorney Blair the
Grand Jury to-d.iy will begin voting
indictmentF against policy men al
ready arrested, numbering 1 174. and
all that may be captured hereafter.
Cases now pending in the Harrlson
mreet Police Court H gainst keepers of
policy shops and policy writers are to
be dismissed at the request of tho»
corporation counsel's offie«\ it is an
nounced, that full attention may be
giv^n by county and city officials to
preparing evidence for the Grand
Jury.
Chicago Grand Jury Will Indict Men
Under Arrc#»t and Those That May
Be Captured Hereafter.
SEW I.IVR OF ATTACK
AGAINST I»OLICV GAMBLING
should be married, and last evening:
Justice Sabath v/ent to the Strakas'
home and performed the ceremony.
An agent has left here for New York
to close the sale of the Magdalen
Islands by the Government of Quebec
to an American syndicate. They are
rich in iron and manganese deposits
and the herring fisheries are valuable.
It is said the Dominion Government
may take some action to prevent the
sale.
The bargain counter Is one of the
v.astc places of the earth. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1904.
23
ADVEBTISEJklENTa.
— /
.Good taste is apparent in oar
SILVERWARE
Exclusive designs and exquisitely wrought pieces,
particularly appropriate for : : : - '• :
.;."¦/ JUNE WEDDINGS
OolimBiri^iolCp*
,' 104-UO GEARy STREET
IDEAS and ENERGY at your
service.
Bright young men and women
are ?ecklnR positions in TO-
DAY'S CALL— SEE CLASSI-
FIED ADS'.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' %'
•^^^g^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^iJ^S^^^W^n^^^r^^^glg^mM^^^^^m^ra \Mrs. Chas. St'ernecke. " ' ' I * \ "' contracted a severe cold, which settled on my lungs in very short order. * *one whom I speak to has either taken •
V%EggPijp»^ t » » •,-!-, -•-•^-» »««?<.« • . • • • m m 9 t » an d '* was not lon 3 unt/f '* developed into a serious case of catarrh. Every morn- J ? Peruna or is satisfied that it is a spfen- I
j£( t- «,. , ,, , + ing I would raise a lot of phlegm, which was very disagreeable. My digestion was • I did medicine. I took it for two months •
# * Catarrh" ! that plJfa^ as fl^few { ™* <»* **W »"- *«» « *» <™> of Peruna I began to mend, and felt \ J to help regain- my strength after a seri- \
*&&''¦''¦'¦¦ ¦:¦¦.¦ i |^^^§^^^Mgflm'ffiiTl Ailments bottles are used. The longer Pcruna is ? that if I kept on taking it it would not t b^ leng until I would be well. I was right. * t ous if/ness, and it certainly was a great *
s&& '¦ .fl 1 SPfim y^TO^^^^^^MjJMnSCT CT^B^S^^^^^^aHtfifg^^^BpSS^HBSj Thc Most Ilwe<1 ln ariV community, thc more popu- * for in four weeks I was well again. I think Feruna is a grand medicine, end wish J *aid. It was both food and medicine to •
%0Ei ¦>¦¦¦¦• «iB i I %B| fes/!!$wM3&83 ffiCwSSgwffiil EBHgSBCT^^^^^^^^^^^«^^^^^^lTO Effective lal il becomes. 4 to add my testimony to the many others you have." — Miss Josie Schastzel. • * me. and in a short time I was out of bed *
• » . It certamfy proved itself a friend and .
The reason why Peruna has become a Pe-ru-na Cont&lns No Narcotics. |« multitude of homes where Pcruna has ? . , • . . Aft// - ihnf ., *
«t,r, i-,^ , o i,,.,h^i Mma^ v n-,0 ~nriH been us^ f l pf f and °n for twenty years. \"Biper in my case, ana 1 oeueve t/tat It «
standard catairnai remedy tne Tvoria catarrh cures Such a tfliri P could " ot be Possible If Pe- ? will do the same for all in need of a*
A Great Manufactory. I tablishra^nt every month, where every- 1 cure the medicine. Unfortunately, one *ver Is simply because it cures catarrh £"m ThTmlt fZ.ro lo runa contained any drugs of a narcotic t fa - "-Miss Kath-rvn Allen *
thin? concerning the manufacture of drueslst would put up the prescription There is no other possible explanation of »«?:«Wa Thoi nost of them a re^ lo- naturc> . * tonic. UiSS Katheryn Allen. ,
Tie r-lant of The Feruna Drug Manu- r crura that can be comprehended by thc a little differently than another drusr- it- It is simply idle talk for any one to 1 ""?"?- * e * °/ tn f™. ar f "if Pooular for Twen'V-Flvc Years r r , - , , ¦ r , ¦ ¦ , , ,*
Company is the Ursest pro- n on-profe SS ional visitar is fully ex- gist. The color would not be the same. Pretend that advertising can create a used internally Lnfortunatclj. a large Popular lor THen.y rive Years. ......
niWv medicine manufactory in the plalnrd . or possibly the taste would be a little popularity for a medicine equal to that " u a mber t . of thcsc remedies, espe- No medicine that the world has ever
«or!d. Its buildings are of the most Although Peruna is a proprietary med- different. One druggist would fix Peruna of Pcruna. fi * J t , 5JS5J2 rf r' catarrl "curt , for^ afi^r^^KTrKeflr* P r ° duced has received thc unqualified
modern and expensive kind, including ic i nc . the details of its compounding are so that there would be a little sediment If Peruna did not cure oatarrh. people tors, contain narcotics of some sort. Co- catarrh cure for about twenty-foe yean, endorsement of so many prominent peo-
nithia them pliarma-.-eutioal apparatus no Becret< and notMng &ive s Dr. Hart- in it. while another would compound it would soon find it out. Perhaps a well- cain "- opium whisky ami other narcotics Previous to that time it was the private pi* as Peruna. All classes praise Peru-
-;ual to any establishment of the kind man g rea ter pleasure than to show the in a way to maintain it perfectlv clear, worded advertisement might sell a bottle are used. These remedies B iyc tempora- { prescription of Dr. Hartman. For twenty- *»«- People of national prominence, wh-
in the world. Much of the chemical par- many friends of Peruna all of the essen- For v?ars Dr. Hartman used Peruna in of l'eruna. even thbugh Peruna were no r >' «>"«• The patient thinks he is better fffe rs p eruna kas stog(/ the tesf of are busy with professional and official
-phernaHa has been made expressly for tlal r:oces .^s by which Peruna is made, his private practice as a regular pre- tfood. But. after a person has bought one right away. In a few weekn. however. ooDOsition affairs, do not usually taKe time to write
:he manufacture of Peruna and repre- scriptlon. and had no thought of manu- bottle of a useless medicine.- no adver- "o discovers his mistake. Not only is j ercr f °ppo*"'°"' letters of commendation. But Peruna
teats many of the latest inventions. A Doctor's Prescription. . facturing and advertising it as a nropri- tisement can induce him to buy the sec- ™ s catarrh no better, but he has ac- j } Iac i 0 In large quantities to supply the arouses such enthusiastic approval as to
. The plant covers a large area in the! ctary medicine - ond bottle. If. on the other hand, he Quired the habit of using some narcotic. | immense demand for it. it requires the break down all precedents ln this partlc-
thrh-ing city of Colombo*, and many of! Before Peruna was manufactured as a . f, n( ] S the medicine to be what it is rec- This happens in a multitude of cases, utmost vigilance to maintain the purity ular.
Lhe building* in the point of architecture ' proprietary medicine, it had been pre- Forty Thousand Patients. ommended then he requires no further Such remedies cannot succeed. People % r l d t c^ C0 }}°P C( l ° th over M si ,"f le \? tt1 ?' U is no wonder when one stops to
»nd material Pro the finest structures in ¦crlh-d by Dr. Hartman for many years. TMrfman „„? — „?« iu a . „. i argument or inducement. "nd them out very quickly. -"^ No^fc^tbe^ot^orrfd climate th1nk of jt - Catarrh ls an insidious di*-
the State of Ohio. No expense or pains The doctor used to practice medicine and . ur - * larlman estima.es tnat ne must . ' ot tho South. Peruna must' be so pre- easp - ' While it does not often make ona
nave t»w>n spared to make P"rutia one of | was probably one of the largest practi- nave Prescribed Peruna for ovor forty jf,f s exac tly explains why Peruna has One reason why Peruna has found per- pa red that neither cold nor heat can actually s*ck abed, it is a very annoying
he most 5c->ntif:c and pharmaceutical tioners in the State where he belonged, thousand patients before it was adver- k ecome so ncnular It cures catarrh. This manent use in SO many homes is that it change its composition or alter its ap- ailment. It hangs on. year after year.
Sar»t^5SSSSf *£$££2£S£ b fSS^-«?d all eSurstL^^c^ Sr.^i^tman^to * on amply sufficient reason why it shout* contains no narcotic of any kind. Peruna %&?£%$ JS^j^SPSKSS =e «
S^lS^SSSirS^Z. Wi^'^y^mue manufacture the remedy himself in or- become popular. Catarrh ,s almost uni- is perfectly harmless" It can be used any g^^^ gttea«on by hun-
•nal in thc busings world as the univer- chzr.z* this prescription waS used year dci " /° jnsure a standard purity and a ve rsal. Catarrh is difficult to cure. The length of time without acquiring a drug Not a slnpirbottle of this vast amount after "repeated failures to cure it. is «u'ro
«al popularity of their famous remedy, after year. So frequently did he have uni f°i"m appearance. doctors do not care to treat cases of catarrh habit. Peruna does not produce temporary contains a speck of impurity or the to awaken feelings of unrestrained grat-
rvruna. . , occasion to write the formula for Peruna Peruna needed no advertising in the It therefore follows that when a results. It is permanent in its effect. slightest difference in composition. The itude. No ordinary inducement wouM
A rtait to 'ts h.i«:v lahr.ratnri^ hnr that hp rou'd do it in the dark with liis f Potion where thc doctor practiced medl- at a "' n ™?rerore follows rnai wnen a resum,. » pennunem contents of every bottle are exactly alike, have secured the consent of Senators.
••«» 11a m laboraton^. bot- that he cou.d do It in the dark with his cJn<> A]read thousands of people knew remedy is devised that can be used by any .. .^ nn . . _ . n _ nn .. _ v _ t ._ All these dilnculties have been overcome Governors. Congressmen. Consuls. Blsh-
i.ng and shipping rooms constitutes one eyes shut > of its good qualities. This is exactly ._. { /, h . hnmo rt „ mn/fl ,rnt* rn*t Lrh a " has no bad effect upon the s> stem and Peruna , s furni.shed to over two ops. prominent pbys.lcl.ins and clergyman
»f the sights of |he city. Hundreds of People would take the prescription to w hat has happened in every other local- one m thB h0 e C moaerate COSl, sucn a and Bra dually eliminates catarrh by re- millions of homes, each bottle in spotless of nil creeds. Nothing but cure could
rlsltora are cond^jcted throuch thc es- the drug store, where they would pro- ity where Peruifa has been used. remedy should inevitably become popular. moving thc cause of catarrh. There are purity and pharmaceutical integrity. avail to procure such testimonials.
K* ADVEBTISEICENTS.
fflSRlf REFfllGERATORS I
im^.nJL M and ice BOXES i
Wilf keep Provisions longer and i
yf^^^^^figtt U5E LESS ICE |
l^^-^ffi^/^l Than any other Refrigerator on B
r tH liiiilltl!' The Lar & est stock and Greatest I
I &n iPsil&liP Variety on the Pacific Coast. |
W. W. Montague & Co. I
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
- -V and PRINTING. A
*^l n«ad the followlny figures II
y and then tend ln your II
— • orders: \ fit
1 DEVELOPING. ' II
Roll of 6 10c Boll of 12 18c II
PRINTING. 1]
Solio flniEh..... 3; to 5c If
VpIox finish 3c to «o II
DATLTGHT LOADING FILMS- [I
All popular sizes at my usually low II
prices. Cameras repaired at reason- y
able rat**. . ¦
Mallj orders promptly flllM. Bl
THAT MAN PITTS II
.1 F. ' PITTS 'the fftation?r. If
I' 1WS MARKET ST.. above Powell. | I
San Francisco. . v A
What two words mean mo. 1
to your grocer? and what ci
thsy mean?
Schilling's Best; and the
mean a good deal of business
without any trouble.^MRS. BURDETTE
BUYING BELLS
TRUSTEE WARS
WITH TEACHER
PANAMA, May 23. — The project for the
establishment of the Panama colnaee on a
gold basis was defeated In th« Legislature to
day after a heated discussion.
STEUBENVILLE, Ohio, May 28. —
Dr. F. Savary Pierce of Philadelphia
died here to-day as a result* of a ner
vous collapse. He was professor of
neurology in several Philadelphia hos
pitals and had published several stand
ard works on nervous and mental dis
eases.
Physician Dies of Nervous Collapse.
FOND DU LAC, Wis., May 28. —
Mrs. Emil Mertz died yesterday from
supposed blood poisoning. To-day her
husband awore to a warrant causing
the arrest of Mme. L. R. Dawley, from
whom he claims his wife had been
taking treatment for the removal of
freckles. He charges her with prac
ticing medicine without a license.
Mertz declares the lotion applied by
the direction of Mme. Dawley caused
his wife's Lace to swell, and eventually
led to blood poisoning.
At the preliminary hearing to-day
Mme. Dawley was released on bail.
She declares Mrs. Mertz was ill before
applying to her for treatment and that
her prescription did not cause death.
Special Despatch to The Call.
Accusation 3Iade by a Be
reaved Husband Against
Fond duLacFreckleDoctor
FACE LOTION
CAUSES DEATH
RISING BUN, Ind.. May 28.— The Jury in
thf Gilleeple murder cas«, which has been out
since early Friday morning, has not agreed
and the chances for a verdict are very remota.
CHICAGO, May 28. — The identity of
the man whose body was found in a
loaded naphtha tank car yesterday has
been finally established. He was L>. J.
Hall, 26 years old, of Wolfs Lake, Ind.,
and the police believe that he was
murdered and his body* placed in the
car. A young man, whose name the
police withhold and who had been
employed in the shipping department
of the Standard Oil Company's plant
at Whiting, and a woman 20 years old,
to whom both Hall and the missing
man are alleged to have been atten
tive, are being sought by the police.
Hall had been employed as a clerk
at the Wolfs Lake clubhouse. He left
the clubhouse last Friday night and
that was the last time his friends saw
him alive.
Police Who Are Working on the Case
Believe That the Deceased
Was Murdered.
BODY FOUND IS NAPHTHA
TANK CAR IS IDENTIFIED
PARIS, Mav 26.— Premier Combes'
announcement that the question of sep
aration of state and church would
come in January has drawn attention
to the law already formulated by the
committee on the separation . of the
church and state. It is a sweeping
measure, the opening clauses reading
as follows: "The republic assures free
dom of conscience and it guarantees
the free exercise of religion without re
striction except for the preservation of
public order, f
"The republic will neither protect nor
pay salaries nor subventions under any
form whatever, to anv denominations!.
It will not recognize any minister of
religion and will not furnish any build
ing for the services of any denomina
tion or for the lodging of any of its
ministers."
The measure further abolishes the
concordat, suppresses the French Em
bassy at the Vatican and makes de
tailed provision for the disposal of the
Government's extensive possession of
church property.
In comparison with the present re
gime, under/which the clergy are sal
aried officials, and, the Minister of Pub
lic Worship is one of the members of
the Cabinet, the foregoing makes a
striking change in long and broad sec
ular conditions.- ¦ •
Measure Abolishes the Con
cordat and Suppresses the
Embassy at the Vatican
WASHINGTON, May 28.— P.eports
received here from the Far East dweli
at length upon the terrific power of
the Japanese shimose powder, the na
ture of which is an absolute secret.
It is not used to propel the -3ho:, but
for bursting charges of the army and
navy explosive shell. The r?suli of
the explosion has astounded the Unit
ed States army observers. The heav
iest armor-piercing shell with its
small cavity is rent into countless
thousands of sharp fragments, which
are hurled through the air with such
force that they tear through the sidi:s
Terrific Power of ShinioKe, the Pow
der Used by Japanese.
NEW EXPLOSIVES HAVOC.
Chopin rarely read anything heavier
than a French novel.
FRANCE FRAMES
SWEEPING LAW
ron advanced with the Japanese right
flank and aided In covering it. Later
in the day the falling tide compelled
the withdrawal of the larger ships; •
Captain Hayashi, commander of the
Chokal, was killed by the explosion of
a shell near one of the ship's guns.
Four other men were wounded. The
vessels themselves were not damaged.
The Japanese are not seriously dis
turbed by the Russian operations in
Eastern Korea. The movements of the
Cossack cavalry and battery of guns
that accompanies it are being closely
watched by the Japanese, who are
confident in their ability to protect
their communications and maintain
the military supremacy of Japan in Ko
rea. The Yalu victory, which opened
the Yalu estuary to water communica
tion, diminishes the importance of the
line of land communications from Che
mulpo to Wiju.
LOS ANGELES, May 28.— Eventful
were the proceedings at both sessions
of the locomotive engineers' conven
tion to-day. The chair so tragically va
cated Friday by First Grand Chief T. B.
Ingraham was filled by William B.
Prenter. Grand Engineer W. S. Stone
was returned to office by almost unan
imous vote, and the insurance branch
was deprived of an officer who, with
President Futch, has since 1896 so ad
ministered the association in this as to
place it foremost among fraternal in
surance organizations.
The event of this afternoon's execu
tive session was the election of Grand
Chief Stone to succeed himself by a
vote that was a surprise even to his
most sanguine friends. But one ballot
was necessary for a choice. Chief Stone
received 430 votes, Matt Shay 107 and
C. W. Gardner 41.
The concluding hours of the conven
tion were occupied in the casting of an
informal ballot for first assistant chief.
There were nearly forty aspirants. The
informal ballot resulted in placing in
the fore C. P. Curtis, F. A. Burgess, E.
W. Hurly, M. W. Cadle. H. E. Willis
and Peter Kilduff. These names will be
voted on Monday.
Continued From aPge 21, Column 5.
Elections the Feature of
the Locomotive Engineers'
Convention in Los Angeles
ENTIRE CONPANIES SLAUGHTERED
HONORS FALL
TO DELEGATES
PEKING, May 28. — An imperial de^
cree has been issued ordering the es
tablishment of a Red Cross Society in
China and that it join the interna*
tional convention.
China Joins Red Cross League.
"One of the fortunate incidents in
the attack was the discovery of a mine
wire at the eastern foot of Nanshan
Hill, the cutting of which prevented
heavy losses."
"There the wire entanglements and
mines lay before us, and the enemy's
infat:try and the machine guns, which
yet remained unabated, kept up their
fire. Finally our infantry forces ap
proachod within 200 meters of the ene
my's position and tried several
charges, but they still proved unsuc
cessful, officers and men all falling
within twenty or thirty meters of the
enemy's position. Thereupon our ar
tillery besan a heavy firing, and in
ihe evening, during the severest can
nonading, the last charge was made
and a breach was opened with srreat
diitlculty. through which we gained the
whole height, expelled the enemy and
captured all the gun» on the forts.
WASHINGTON, May 28.— The Jap
anese legation this afternoon received
the following dispatch:
"TOKIO, May 28.— Following are
further details of the attack on Kin
chou: The attack on the enemy at
Nanshan Hill commenced at 2:35 a. m.
on the 25th. The enemy's defensive
works were all of a most permanent
nature and their artillery consisted of
fifty guns of various 'calibers and two
quick-firing field artillery companies.
Their infantry ranged in two or thre*
lines In covered trenches, with loop
hoJes and placed machine guns on im
portant points, and offered a stubborn
resistance. We ranged all our field
guns upon the forts and the enemy's
principal artillery and silenced eleven
of them, and while the quick firers,
which previously retired to Nanshan,
continued firing until night, our artil
lery concentrated fire on the enemy's
trenchce and our infantry advanced
within 400 or 500 meters of the enemy's
position.
Daredevil Charges by Japanese Troops
in Kinchou Battle.
"INTO THE JAWS OF DEATH/ 1
COPENHAGEN, May 28. — Burmeis
ter & "Wain of Copenhagen to-day re
ceived an order to build two first-class
cruisers for the Russian Government.
The vessels will not leave Denmark
before the close of the war.
Russia Orders Two Cruisers.
HONOLULU, May 28. — The United
States hospital ship Solace arrived
here to-day from San Francisco. She
is the first steamship to be reported
here by wireless telegraphy. She made
connection with the local wireless
telegraph instruments when twenty
three miles out to sea. The operators
were not on duty during the night
when the Solace was farther out or
she might have been heard from
sooner.
With Honolulu by New
System.
Hospital Ship Is First to Communicate
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
REPORTS THE SOLACE
SEOUL. Korea, May 28. — The kind
liness of the Japanese to their prison
ers here has been exemplified by the
sending to the homes of two wounded
Cossacks photographs of the men,
showing them to be alive and safe.
Edwin V. Morgan, the United States
Consul to Port Dalny, who arrived
here yesterday, is the first American
official to journey from Fusan to Seoul
overland. Morgan says that, contrary
to the stories which are constantly
circulated in Seoul to the effect that
bandits are active in this section, he
found the country people to be quiet,
content and peaceably pursuing their
agricultural vocations.
Japanese Give Their Prisoners No
Cnuso for Complaint,
KINDLY TOWARD CAPTIVES.
Captain Jakovleff, former commander
of the Russian battleship Petropav
lovsk. who was wounded when the ship
was destroyed at Port Arthur April
IS, in an interview regarding the pos
sibility of the Japanese capturing Port
Arthur, declared that it would take
150,000 men with magnificent artillery
*"If the Japanese lost 3000 men in tak
ing Kinchou," the officer said, "they
•*ill lose 20,000 men at least if they
try to take Port Arthur. Even with
euch sacrifice I consider the capture
$f the fortress to be. impossible. Port
Arthur, in my opinion, is impregnable
as long as its food and ammunition
hold out."
The same officer said the works at
Kinchou had been hastily constructed
and were no criterion of the works at
Port Arthur, which could not be
flanked where the forts were scientific
ally erected and connected to support
each other.
PORT ARTHUR'S DEFENSES.
Emperor Nicholas received the pews
*of the result of the fighting at Kinchou
and in its vicinity with composure, as
beins the fortune of war, but he was
Considerably agitated by the later ra
pf.rts that General Fock had not suc
ceeded in savins the Russian guns.
An officer of the general staff said
that th».!oss of suns was unavoidable,
V confined to those mounted on the
works on the hills below Kinchou, as
they could not be carried away when
the P.v:ssians retired, but the breech
blocks, he addc-<l, had been removed.
Before the enemy could- use the guns
bert«r« Port Arthur they would have to
manufacture special cartridges. There
fore, the loss was not serious. The im
portant thing to ascertain was whether
th^ Japanese had captured anv field
guns.
Twenty transports will accompany
„ the Baltic fleet, carrying coal, ammu
nition and stores. There will be also
hospital shins. Altogether sixty-two
l« r.nants will go out onder Vice Ad
miral 7i"jestvensky. '
EXTENT OF JAPANESE VICTORY.
There is no attempt here to disguise
th*r fact that the gucceesful forcing of
the neck of Kwantung Peninsula prop
er put? a practical end to resistance to
the enemy until he reaches the actual
fortifications around Port Arthur. Al
, though there are many strong positions
in th*» more than twenty-five miles be
fore the perimeter of the fortress is
reached, the authorities admit that the
• Russians can offer JHtle resistance, and
must now retire within the fortress
and undertake to defend themselves
againpt a siege.
There is no intention of purchasing
any South American warships offered
by private firms. Neither has Russia
any intention of buying foreign mer
channn^n for transport purposes. Four
Harr-burp-American liner? were bought
by tlie merchant marine department
jlvA turned over to the navy to become
part of the volunteer fleet.
It has been found necessary to put
the battleship Orel, which recently
sank at her moorings at Krons"tadt
owing to her sea valves being left open,
and was subsequently refloated, into
the drydock. and possibly she may not
accompany the Baltic fleet to the Far
East.
AKhough work ip being hurried night
and day to prepare the Baltic fleet for
• service, it is fpared now that it cannot
be ready to sail for the Far East be
fore* Oct'iber. The delay is considered
especially unfortunate in view of the
situation at Port Arthur, where the ar
riv'n! of the fleet before the fall of the
fortress would compel the raising of
the siege.
"On May 25 a Japanese force, con
sisting of a battalion of infantry and
a squadron of cavalry, advanced on
the main road to Uaoyang, but was
soon compelled to retire.
"A second Japanese detachment.
consi5tJ:ig of a battalion of infantry,
•it the village of Dapu, in the Aho
Valley, fired heavily on our Cossacks
from 10 o'clock in the morning until
4 o'clock in the afternoon, but the
* Japanese Infantry failed in an attempt
to.iurn the Cossacks' right flank and
'intercept their retreat."
The fnct that the Japanese com
menced to advance along the main
LA&oy&Ag road Immediately they had
forced the neck of the Liaotung Per.in
si:nl and cut off Major General Fock
from co-operation with the Russians
In i he north, shows a thorough under
standing between the Japanese com
manders.
« The authorities here believe the ad
vance from Fengwur.pchenir has only
•bfoii raspended pending the elimina
tion of Pock's force and they expect
lh.it the iidvance upon Liaoyang will
now proceed in earnest.
BALTIC FLEET DELAYED.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 28. — The
Emperor has received the following
dispatch Cram General Kuropatkin,
dated May 27:
of an .iron ship as would a projectiia
from a machine gun. The Russian
warships Variag and Korietz w-j.-tj
found to be riddled, deck and sides,
by fragments of these shells.
: Imperial 4 per cents, instead of
weakening on the news from Kin
chou, actually advanced a quarter of a
point on the bourse to-day.
A great deal, of course, would de
pend upon the relative merits of the
artillery of the opposing forces. The
Russian guns could not be Judged by
the results on the Yalu, where the
Russians had only light advance guard
artillery against the heavy siege guns
which the Japanese were bringing up
for UFe in Manchuria. Port Arthur,
Captain Jakovleff said, had mounted
numerous large ?uns landward, while
Makaroff's system of range finding ia
bo nearly perfect that the Japanese
never ventured within reach of the
shore batteries.
Port Arthur, he said, was provisioned
for a year.
Admiral Birileff. the naval com
mander at Kronstadt, is becoming cele
bratod for his remarkable orders of
the day. One Issued this morning says:
'"I visited the school ship Xevka and
did not find her captain or lieutenant.
Two midshipmen in charge of fifty
cadets did not know how to turn out
and salute the admiral. They did not
know wherefore they were on board.
God save the Xevka on a cruise."
to accomplish the task.
Asked as to the- number of men in
the Port Arthur garrison. Captain
Jakovleff said it was much larger than
was stated In the telegraphic reports —
much more than 25.000 — but he declined
to state what would be the exact num
ber when the defenders of the Kinchou
positions retired within the fortress.
He discussed with some detail the
¦lifflculties of the approach. After the
¦)Uter line of the fortifications was
¦eached, said he, a number of de
.ached positions must be captured be
fore the enemy could even reach the
inner ring of defenses. The taking of
each position would necessitate a
bloody battle and their capture would
leave the citadel untouched, and, to his
mind, impregnable.
DEPENDS UPON* ARTILLERY.
JAPAN'S ARMY OF THE YALU
IS AGAIN MOVING FORWARD
IN QUEST OF KUROPATKIN
Kuroki's Advance Toward Liaoyang Is Begun Simulta
neously With the Attack That Resulted in
the Capture of Kinchou.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1904.
CHICAGO, May 28. — City Buildlnr Com
missioner Williams to-day formally refused to
Krant a permit for the reconstruction of th«
Iroquota Theater, in which hundreds of persons
perished by fire.
No, Cordelia, a wax figure isn't a
g-um-chewing female. *
ST. LOUIS. May 28.— While the Rev.
Robert J. Burdette of Los Angeles
awaits the opening of the convention
of the press humorists of America. hl3
wife is searching St. Louis pawnshops
and curiosity shops for antique bells.
She desires these bells for a collec
tion which she has so placed In her
Los Angeles residence, it is said, that
no burglar could enter unannounced
by chimes.
Mrs. Burdette says the collection In
cludes bells that have tolled curfews
in old English churchyards, bells from
the sheep grazing at Palestine, bells
that have Bignaled the guard from
French and Venetian fortresses and
numerous bells with other equally in
teresting histories.
"But I want more," she added, "and
I won't leave St. Louis till I get more."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eansacking- St. Louis Pawn
shops to Add to Her Col
lection in Los Angeles
FRESNO, May 28.— Because Miss
Gertrude Spencer, teacher of the
school in the Black Mountain district,
chastised the 12-year-old daughter of
Trustee James M. Wells, the school
trustee came to the schoolhouse to
have it out with the pretty teacher.
He called her a liar, and her part was
taken by the son of George Mantes,
the other trustee of the* district. "Wells
threw an inkwell at Mantes and hurled
a quart bottle at the girl, which cut a
gash in her forehead. Taken by sur
prise, they turned to leave the/ room,
when Wells picked up a stove poker
and threw it after the fleeing teacher.
The trouble arose over the school
clock being set an hour ahead of the
schedule time by one of the pupils.
The teacher had reason to believe the
Wells girl was responsible, and pun
ished her. The daughter told her
father, who came to the schoolhouse
to have the teacher give an account of
the event. Then the excitement came.
Wells was arrested and charged with
battery. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Exciting Incident in a
Schoolhouse B.ecause of
Punishment of a Child
24
A COLUMN* OP COXVEX-
1KXCE, of ACCOMMODATION'
anil REASONABLE RATES —
OUR MONEY TO LOAN ADS.
Reliable brokers and confi-
dential treatment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Beverage of Health '
§ s f®BL^ P ure beer — Schlitz beer — is the best dnnk.in
Wmm^^$^^ The malt is a food; the hops a tome; The
Jm/^^T) alcohol— only 3^ per cent — is an aid to
//C^z^ digestion; a healthful stimulant.
5^^ The most healthy nations in the world — the most hardy, mosr
1)1 ' energetic— drink the most of it. /
But the beer must be pure. Impurity means harmful germs.
That is why we brew Schlifz in absolute cleanhness-^-why we
filter even the air that touches it and sterilize every bottle-
And the beer must be aged. Green beer causes biliousness.
That's why we age Schlitz for months before we market it.
t .'V? ¦¦.""¦, . - ¦
Schlitz beer is absolutely pure; it c an?t harm you. Ask for
the Brewer) 7 Bottling.
floft Aageles-— SHERWOOD ft SHERWOOD— S«n Francisco
The B£er That Made Milwaukee famous.
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
jZSgegS?^" 155^.,// A MILLION ROMPING, ROT- P
/J35E)*^^gX!£}$y' BTERINQ AMERICAN BOYS, ||
» fW^ tho k^cL that eat too much pie m
& V^K^V -whenever they get a chance, 0
'S&J* l$5«w kr:ow that there's a ewoot little M
2£_» (JC-O ®2«il fragrant medicine tablet — a ffl
0 fr \^ JhPy pleasure to eat it— that cures pj
\ L^naJV *rfV that torturo of childhood — B
wSgCi^w 'Py SMALL BOYS' COLIC. Some- |
wffgse'Bfjfr/ '<£ times the littlo girls get it too n
fS&C^/ W — butOASCARETS Candy Ca- |
\iA^~Z.' jju thartic, the perfect bowel and Gs
5 Yl _s AW liver medicine and preventive BJ
'? .yx^u^,_,jyjL °^ childhood's ailments, keep fti
I W$ffiH^wfR!]Jj£M^^*\^ the children's stomachs and g]
> jS^^^s^^^^ B y Btem 3 always in perfectly fi
f l &ffi$3§ffiJ^ healthy condition. "Wise moth- |
/ era always keep a box handy in R
£s^P7^&mr3W&£r the house. All druggists, 10c, 0
¦^/fflMHTOX s^ 25c » 60°. Bo sure you get the B
w£ltft%sfii&$f 1 /y genuine — each tablet marked %
//§%r i ff COO. Sample and booklet g
/ (€> Ir Zall STERLING REMEDY- CO,' |
I Ak nuTfefi Chicago or New York. I
D"V CATHARTIC .aiUBBaflfl^^B
ANNUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES 1
Greatest in the World ee I
>fe ii | |i m 1 1 1 1 1 mm, umiHii Miiiiwwiiiiiiimniii m mim y 1 1 runrti*
• • , ADVERTISEMENTS. * ,
H$lfl W " J^^4 A "T3*^Sv T*"^ 'jfJI pn'Q Have gone into the homes of the people through- tyf t
IIP*! f U P I WL-JF S ' rA 9 Jy 0 M_i^ ' II * wii^ out the length and breadth of San Francisco. There £J*
InTO H Si a M"^^ §1 * * H""^ Ul^ b^ fI never has been 'such a sale before in half a year, SSt,
esSk! \i 0 Si n iH iL ' J mwi II S 9 A II L If ani * there never have been such prices in the »2g
gffjl r ML. UL. A JHL. iaL. uL JEm*. JStmA Jo*, nmif* history of the city. Think of getting Tapestry J&jH
gft&j ¦ Brussels, laid, for 59c a vard. Think of getting j£i£
nets $6- 00 rolls of matting for $2.25; or Linoleum, made* of the best pulverized cork and linseed oil, for 30c the square yard. Do you W*%*
raLfl Ti F1PCTTIV DDITCCCI C a^« st^ir and room pat- 1* iTTIWrC $6.00 twenty-yard rolls of matting at less than fefS
ewNhB I APfN 8 81 V II K I iNrl N terns, with or with- r r\ II \ I I I [\ IfN the ordinary dealer*- pay for it. 20 (>/+ /*r MjPtI
JUg Irll LJfliVl UlWJJbljJ out ' borders . Ori : EOr lUAAlinUJ yards will cover the average room. JsZ/h [&£$
K?<2wl ental and floral designs; sewed, lined and laid, per yard «//v gy t j lc twenty-yard roll, this week, not laid «j/w»«*v mmf]
tFmM DDITCCCf C s . tron S» durable carpet in elegant patterns and | |\TA¥ FTT11TC ac^e of the best linseed oil and pulverized H&^Mf
ffrJhi IIiYU^jCL/J designs. Deep-shaded grounds in reds mjr Lin UlvClJ ill J cor^ an( * sold this week for less than n&l
&J$II **i\%JUkJVMJkJ nc j g reenS) W ood colors and light tans. IjC \\J ijmjkj um*j they have ever been offered for be- jllH IvifT
y«55|i The yard, sewed, lined and laid fore. The square yard, not laid Jtwj?/
SWlf pyrrn 1 TkTfclTO£*r*¥ C* Ask some of your friends who have I\TI A II\ T TVTAT T^ITRTn J 7 patterns from which to K**ff
inwl I H X I Ii A nKlS\r| y N seen these patterns. There are all INLAID LmllLrlNlIN choose. The color goes clear P^Si
|^] I^Alllii UIWJJIjIjJ the cashm £ re3 and floral nn UMJtUU l>inVL/L,UlUJ through t0 the 1C RSA
ftf&jij and India designs of the highest grade Brussels made. This UJIr back. Sells regularly for $1.65 the square yard. This >l I*) \fjzJ%
y£|y week, by the yard, on your floor /w wee k at our big special sale for just V*«*t' C?£a
Hi HASSOCKS I SMYRNA OR AXMINSTER RUGS I TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS JEWEL GAS RANGES W%
SMl . 18x36 inches, this week 7^0 4 feet 2 inches square. A large assort- 4 burners, oven and V|j3
grUstl Made of Axminsters, £ \J\j ment j n swe n two-tone color- "7/" broiler. Kegular price %§j
WM Velvets and Brussels. AYMINSTFR OR SMYRNA RUflS ings. All fringed. $1.50 values" for 'OU $ 2 3-°o. This week in W
RygS] $1.00 and $1.50 values, AAiUinjlLIV Ull oiilllVnA IYUUj 6 ° your home, connected Vy
|r*S| this week, all 27x63 inches and 30 x 60, <£i QCZ $4-00 values, 5 feet 6 inches q/j "ye C*17 7C fa
P£yfl /mm, $3-75 values for square \J)fc.^O tbl/#lc) S
PSfl 35C STORE CLOSED ONDAY— TUESDAY WE START TH - SALE if
wJ!$m^-Lif*vu!F^S40p^ " The Credlt House." 233-235-237 Post. Street. j &}• ffft 'r^^XOTKD POLITICAL LEADER.
Death of Quay Deprives Republican
Party of a Skillful Manager.
Matthew Stanley Quay, without
question the .most prominent and
forceful man in the politics of his own
State during the last two decades and
second to but few in active influence
In the national arena, was born at
Dillsburg, York County, Pa,, Septem
ber 30, 1833. His Scotch-Irish' an
cestors had settled in Chester County
in that State in 1715 and" there the
family had- lived until 1^40, when
Quay's father, a distinguished Presby
terian clergyman, moved to Beaver.
There and in nearby schools young
Quay received his early education and
at 16 he entered Jefferson College,
whence he was graduated in 1850 at
the ajje of 17 years.
Quay was a ready student and at
tained great proficiency in the natural
sciences, history and logic. On leav
ing college he began the study of law,
but his health failing he spent some
time in traveling in the South, engag
ing In various enterprises to make his
way, lecturing on astronomy, publish
ing a newspaper and teaching school.
in 1853 he returned to Beaver, stud-
Jean Paul Richter had only five or
six books, all philosophical.
PORTLAND. Or., May 28. — Edwin
Hobson. an important witness for the
rropecution in the ca&es of Horace G.
McKinley. Marie L. Ware and S. A. D.
Puter. charged with defrauding the
Government of public lands, ana
¦whose disappearance caused the post
ponement of th« cases until next Sep
tember, was arrested yesterday at Eu
j^ne. Or., and brought to thi3 city and
lodged in the County Jail.
Man Who*>e Disappearance Caused
Postponement of Oregon Land
Cases Is Found.
AUTHORITIES ARREST
THE MISSING WITNESS
Metropolitan Business College
R. H. Webster, ox-Supt.. enlarged. See
educational column. • ;
SANTA ROSA, May 28. — The an
nual debate of students of the Santa
Hosa school took place at Assembly
"Hall last evening. The question was.
.'¦Resolved, that the Government
?¦hould own and operate the rail-
, roads." LeRoy Alexander and Hiram,
Jacobs represented the affirmative
*fde and Carl Schaupp and Dal M.
Ivemmon the neg.itive. The judges de
clared LeRov Alexander the individ
. ual winner, and his name will be en-
ETaved on the debating cup. This
cup was presented to the high school
by the class of 1902. Superior Judge
Seawell. County Treasurer Glenn E.
Murdock and Principal George E.
Mortenson of the Davis-street School
were the judges.
Government Ownership of Railroads
Uie Theme for the Youthful
Orators.
.SANTA ROSA PUPILS
HAVE ANIMATED DEBATE
Navy Department orders — Acting
Gunner E. Kellenberger is assigned to
the Pensacola naval training station.
San Francisco, temporarily. Abie M.
Strange of San Francisco has been
appointed stenographer of the immi
gration service, San Francisco.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 28. —
Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia — A. Brown. Orland; Burdette
N. CofCman, Picacho; David Ripley,
Dana.
War Department orders — Sergeant,
first class, George H. Arnold, Hospital
Corps. Fort Flagler. Wash., will be
sent to Fort McDowell, to arrive not
later than June 25, reporting on ar
rival to the commanding officer of
company of instruction No. 2, Hos
pital Corps, for transportation on the
Buford to Fort Gibson, Alaska, report
ing on arrival there to the command
ing officer, to relieve sergeant, first
class, Frederick S. Simmon^, Hospital
Corps. Sergeant Simmons, on relief,
will be sent on the Buford to Fort
FlagW. Wash. First Lieutenant Ben
jamin J. Edgar Jr., assistant surgeon,
and First Lieutenant Lynn S. Ed^
wards. Artillery Corps, are detailed as
member and recorder, respectively, of
the examininrr board convened at the
Presidio by special orders April 7. vice
First Lieutenant Edward P. Rockhill,
assistant surgeon, and First Lieutenant
Guilford S. Garber, Artillery Corps, re
lieved. Contract Surgeon Albert L.
Miller, U. S. A., now at San Francisco,
will report to the commanding general
of the Department of California for
duty on the transport Sheridan en
route to Manila, where, upon arrival
there, he will report to the command
ing general of the Philippines division
for assignment to duty.
Several Minor Changes Made in the
Postal Service and War and Xavy
Departments Orders Issued.
OF INTFItEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Rossini for nearly thirty years read
nothing but French novels.
BANK STATEMENT SHOWS
GAIN IX CASH HOLDINGS
Receipts of Domestic Gold Partly Off
set Average Loss Resulting From
Sub-Treasury Operations.
NEW YORK, May 2.S.— The Finan
cier this week says: The striking fea
ture of the oflioial statement of the
New York Associated Banks was the
unexpected gain of $16,2S4,900 in casn
holdings. This was largely due to the
fact that the average of about J7.500.000
of the disbursement by the treasury
in the previous week of the S9.000.00O
to the republic of Panama was in
cluded in the cash receipts of last
week, and also to the fact that the
net receipts of money, resulting from
the interbank movement, were almost
unprecedentedly large for the season,
amounting to nearly $10,500,000. The
average loss to the banks resulting
from s'lb-treasury operations and gold
pxjKins was partly offset by receipts
of domestic gold. It is noteworthy that
the gain in specie was more than $10,
000,000 greater than that in legal ten
ders. The latter, however, are at the
maximum of the year. Loans were de
creased ?16,070,100, following a liquida
tion in this item in the previous week
of $22,27r.,lU0, making $3S.445,00(» in the
fortnight. The decrease last week was
largely due, as was the case in the
previous week, to the cancellation on
public debts.
ied law and was admitted to the bar in
the following year.
In 1855 he was appointed a notary
o£ Beaver County by the Governor,
elected to the office In 1856 and re
elected In 1859. Later he was made
lieutenant of the Pennsylvania re
serves; lieutenant colonel and assist
ant commissary general of the State;
private secretary to Governor Curtin,
the famous war Governor, and then
colonel "of the One Hundred and Thir
ty-fourth Regiment of Pennsylvania
Volunteers (nine 'months --man). In
1862 he acted as military agent for
the State at Washington; then major
and chief of transportation and tel
egraphs and military secretary to the
Governor from 1S63 to 186*5.
In 1865 he entered political life ps Rep
resentative in the State Legislature, and
in the political field he remained more
or less actively engaged until his death.
He held many important appointive
and elective State offices, and was del
egate at large to the Republican Na
tional Conventions of 1872, 1876, 1880
and 1888. In 1886 he was elected to the
United States Senate and in 1888 was a
member and chairman of the National
Republican Executive Committee, win
ning by his masterful ability the elec
tion of President Harrison in the face
of almost certain defeat; For many
years before he had had a large hand
In the rwlitlcal campaigns of his State,
securing the elections of Governors
Hartranft, Hoyt and others, as well as
a potent voice in, national campaigns.
After his flection to the Senate he was
one of the great leaders in the councils
of his party.
Quay was re-elected to the United
States Senate in 1893, but in 1899 was
defeated for the next term by a dead
lock, which lasted throughout the, ses
sion of the Legislature. He was ap
pointed by the Governor to fill the va
cancy caused by the failure of the Leg
islature to elect, but the appointment
was not recognized by the Senate. On
the day of his rejection by that body
he was nominated to succeed himself
by the Republican State Convention of
Pennsylvania, and was re-elected by
(he Legislature January 15, 1901. He
WASHINGTON, May 28. — President
Roosevelt, on learning of Senator
Quay's death, sent the following mes
sage to Mrs. Quay:
"Accept my profound sympathy, of
ficial and personal. Throughout mv
term as President^fenator Quay has
been my stanch and loyal friend. I
had hoped to the last that he would,
by his sheer courage, pull through his
illness.
"Again accept my sympathy.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
Sends Message to Mrs. Quay on Learn
- ins of Senator's Death.
PRESIDENT S Y3I PATH IZES.
HAHRISBURG, Pa., May 28. — A
strong belief prevails among prom
inent politicians that as a tribute to
the memory of the dead leader the
Governor will bestow the Senatorial
mantle of the deceased Senator on the
shoulders of Richard R. Quay, the
Senator's favorite son. The theory ad
vanced for this prediction is that the
selection of the son would not furnish
an advantage to any of the many ap
plicants who will endeavor to be
elected for the full term at the meet
ing of the General Assembly next
January.
Politicians Believe That Senatorial
Mantle Will Fall to K. K. Quay.
SOX MAY SUCCEED HIM.
took his seat two days later, and his
term would have expired March 3, 1905.
Socially "Matt" Quay, as he was
generally known, was an agreeable, un
pretentious gentleman. As a politician
he was said to be a sort of Talleyrand
— strong in a certain finesse of strategy
and skilled in the best art of party
management. He was always a direct
and silent worker, following the short
est course to attain the desired end and
despising all claptrap and noise. It has
been said that during his half-century
of office-holding Quay, except in two
cases, resigned each office only to take
one higher in the scale.
They strenuously deny' any knowl
edge of Miss Wiggins' whereabouts,
but admit that she was in their com
pany just before she disappeared.
Mrs. Wiggins daily besieges the po
lice station in quest of her daughter,
who, she declares, was abducted and
made a victim of foul play.
BUTTE. Mont., May 25. — Late last
night the Sheriff's officers captured
Frank Bell, W. E. Evans and Joseph
Lynch, wanted in connection with the
disappearance of Edna Wiggins, the
l»j-year-old girl Vho strangely dis
appeared in this cit>\ eight days ago.
The three young men were appre
hended at Logan, Mont., while they
were beating their way East on a
freight train.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN" LUIS OBISPO, May 28. —
Thomas Fogarty, a Southern Pacific
_ca/ repairer, who lost both legs in an
j; accident in the yards in this city on
December 16, 1301, was given a jury
I verdict in the Superior Court to-day
•against the company for $50,000 dam
ages.
F'ogarty was working under a car
6n the cripple track when another car
0 Tvas shunted against it. In trying to
escape from under the car both legs
w-ere severed. The evidence was that
•ilte brakes on the shunted car were
o'dt of order. Fogarty was in a hos
"pital in San Francisco for ten months.
Suit was brought for 551.050 by At
'torneys Sullivan and Sullivan of San
Francisco. The case came to trial
<his week and lasted four days. Peter
•F. Dunne of San Francisco defended
the case. Fogarty is 53 years of age
' and has a large family.
Special Dispatch to Tfcr Call
LATE UNITED STATES SENATOR
AND .VOTED POLITICAL. LEAD
EK IN PENNSYLVANIA.
BLACKFOOT, Idaho, May 28.— The
attempt in this county, the home of
Senator Dubois, to instruct for Hearst,
failed. Senator Dubois was elected to
head the delegation to the State con
vention at Weiser. The delegation fa
vors Parker.
reflect the opinions and views of hun
dreds of others in their various lines.
Very generally they give voice to the
prevailing idea as to the future policy
of the Democratic party— that its trend
is toward conservatism and that the
radical element will never again be al-
Icwed to control.
Refuse to Instruct for Hearst.
appearance Are Caught
Men Wanted in Connection
AVith Edna AYiggins' Dis-
Car Repairer Given Verdict
Against Southern Pacific
• * for Fifty Thousand Dollars
Through it all his mental energies
never fagged. He joked grimly, at
times and was cheerful in his com
ments.
Ten day3 ago he began the arrange
ment of his personal affairs looking
toward the end. The lasf papers were
not signed until yesterday morning,
but the arrangements were all made.
Quay showed all the stoicism of an
Indian in his last illness. He held out
no hope of recovery and refused to be
lieve it was possible. Coolly and firm
ly he took leave of his dearest friends.
Thursday last he asked to be taken to
his famous library, remarking to his
attendants:
"I want to see my books once more
before I die."
Senator Quay expected death, and
told his friends so. The last call he
made at the White House he told Pres
ident Roopovelt that he expected never
to recover and would hardly see him
again. To Attorney General Knox he
gave thf» same information.
QUAY EXPECTED DEATH.
On his return from the woods, how
ever. Quay was bronzed as a veteran
and looked sturdy enough to live years.
He celebrated his seventieth birthday
at Beaver last fall and at the time;
seemed in excellent health. The loss of
weight, however, distressed him day in
and day out. going constantly to a
scale to see what his weight was. He
dropped off so persistently that the
alarm which pervaded his own mind
spread to friends and family. The re
sult was that he forsook hfs duties in
the United States Senate and betook
himself to Florida, hoping that th«
mild weather there would bring relief,
but Florida failed tr- restore vitality.
Tl.e Senator then went back to Wash
ington, and soon after was taken to
Philadelphia, where he was placed
under the treatment of two eminent
specialists of that city. They ordered
him to Atlantic City, hoping the sea air
would sid in hi^ recovery, but the loss
cf flesh continued gradually. Finding
that Atlantic City didMiot bring about
recovery, the physicians advised" him
to return to Washington. There his
condition continued unchanged.
He began to lose flesh— at first grad
ually, but later pound by pound. His
stomach refused to assimilate the food
It got, and, nutrition failing, weakness
followed.'
Senator Quay in health was a great
eater, and his trouble of later years
dated from an overdraught on his vital
system due to heavy eating, smoking
and the great nervous strain which he
underwent. Last summer, after the po
litical situation had cleared up in the
State, Quay decided upon a long out
ing. Accompanied by two friends he
went into the heart of the Great Maine'
wilderness, traveling miles' and living
in the open. At that time he complained
of weakness and continued loss of
strength.
PRIELVDS BECOME ALARMED.
BEAVER, Pa., May 2S.— Colonel
Matthew Stanley Quay, senior Senator
from Pennsylvania, died peacefully at
2:48 o'clock this afternoon, after an ill
ness which had been more or less per
sistent for the last year, which took a
turn for the worse ten days ago and
which the doctors diagnosed as chronic
gastritis. The funeral will be held next
Tuesday afternoon and the remains
will be interred in the family burial
plat in Beaver Cemetery.
? Senator Quay's illness was a recur
rence of the trouble that beset him dur
ing the latter part of 11)00 and the
early days of January, 1901, when he
was undergoing the strain of a des
perate flght for re-election to the Sen
ate.
JURY AWARDS
HEAVY DAMAGES
FACE CHARGE
OF KIDNAPING
Expressions of opinion given to The
Call indicate that for once the United
States may pass through the throes of a
Presidential" election without the busi
ness of the entire country experiencing
the usual four or five months of doubt
and uncertainty and consequent inac
tivity in all lines.
The men whose views are given are
leaders in the commercial world and
NEW YORK, May 28.— "If Roosevelt
and Parker""are the nominees of the
national conventions will the business
interests of the country be disturbed?"
This question was submitted to a
number of leaders in the financial and
industrial world. Almost without ex
ception prominent men express the be
lief that the coming Presidential cam
paign would prove to be an exception
to its kind.
Would Not Fear the Policy of Either
Roosevelt or Parker.
BUSINESS MK.V SATISFIED.
At the Jefferson Hotel Hearst has a
contract for ninety-two rooms, which
he still retains.
WASHINGTON. May 28. — Repre
sentative William R. Hearst has given
up the house in Jackson place, which
he leased In February, after it was
vacated by Elihu Root, former Sec
retary of War. This residence is one
of the handsomest homes in the
neighborhood of the White House,
which is only a block away.
The order of revocation came in re
ply to a request of the Planters' for
the earnest money, which it is cus
tomary for it to exact on similar con
tracts.
ST. LOUIS. May 28. — Through his
Western political and business man
ager, Andrew M. -Lawrence, William
R. Hearst to-day canceled his con
tract with the Planters' Hotel for 150
rooms which had been reserved for
him. The manager of the Planters'
said to-day that he had received a tel
egram from Lawrence canceling the
contract, which provided for the res
ervation of three floors of the hotel
from Julv 4 till after the convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Action Is Taken When the
3Ianagement Sends 7 a ? Re
quest for Earnest Money
THEEE FLOOKS. IDLE
Cancels the Order for Head
quarters in the Planters'
Hotel in Exposition City
Senior Senator From Pennsylvania Passes Away at His Home
in Beaver After Suffering for Months From Chronic Gas
tritis and a General Breaking Down of His Vital System
QUAY DIES PEACEFULLY
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
HEARST GIVES
UP THE ROOMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1904.
25
¦ ADVEBTISEMEirTS.
BORAXOLQGY
Don't sigh for a good complexion — get
one* That flower of the cheek is the beauty
.• of the wash basin — and Borax* If you'll
wash your face every night in warm Borax
water you'll find that Nature will respond
— your skin will become softer and your
complexion clearer and pinker. It's neces-
sary to get pure Borax* Ask for
20-MULE-TEAM BRAND*
For sale at drug and grocery stores every-
where. l /4 f Vi and J-lb* packages*
The famous "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to purchasers of
"20-Mak-Team Borax." At stores or sent for BOX TOP andiic In stamps.
Piciic Coast Borax Co., New York, Chicago, San Francisco.
Twenty Mule Te»m— Our Trade Murk.
\ ADVEBTISEMENT&
That's the date I surrrender possession of my store to
OLSON BROS., Grocers.
As the time grows shorter the reductions grow larger.
THE GOODS MUST BE SOLD.
CLOSED ALL DAY MONDAY— DECORATION DAY.
But be on hand Tuesday morning at g o'clock for
I cannot specify any particular department, as every-
ihing in the store has been cut almost in half, and In some
cases less than half. -' -T '
C. GURTIN,
911-913 Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
We offer $1,000 for a disease germ that
Liquozone can't kill; and most of the sick
are sick because of germs. One bottle free.
We have purchased more than a the body without killing the tissues, Catarrh— Cancer . skin Diseases
million 50c bottles of Liquozone and too. There is nothing else known Dind'ruff^DropJy 11 ** l^mach^ouw".
given them free to the sick. During which will 'do that. Any drug that dyspepsia Throat Troubles
the past four months we have spent kills germs is a poison, and it can- Tum^ufcer, ?J
over $500,000 to announce and fulfill not-- be taken internally. For that Goitre— Gout Varicoceie
this offer. We have done this tri*con- reason medicine is practically help- Gonorrhea— Gleet Women's Diseases
vince the sick that. Liquozone does less-in any germ disease. na^Lt^/'ci.a^.n^con.i^'d.":
what medicine cannot do, and we Liquozone is so certain that we pub- ea«es — an the result* of impure or poisoned
are willing to do the same with you, lish on every bottle an offer of $1000 debility Liquozone acts as a
if you need it. for a disease germ that it cannot kill, vitaiizer. accomplishing what no «rugs can do.
What Liqaozone Is. $Sigi§^S; , • 50c Bottle' Free.'
Liquozone is the result of a process very life of an animal— is deadly to If y° u . " e ? d Liquozone >a nd have
which, for more than 20 years, has vegetal matter. Liquozone is certain never tr »« d lt '.,P I t asc sc .? d us thls
been the constant subject of scientific destruction to the cause of a germ coupon. \V e will then mail you an or-
and chemical research. Its virtues are trouble, yet to the human, body it is d . er ? n y° ur l° cal druggist for a full-
derived solely from gas-largely oxy- the most helpful thing in the world. g«« bottle and we will pay your drug-
gen gas-by a process requiring' im- We paid $100,000 for the American Rig ourselves for it. This is 6ur free
mense apparatus and 14 days' time/ rights to Liquozone, because this gift, made to convince you; to show
NEach cubic inch of Lijuozone rep- product alone can end a germ disease. £» H 1 Tn SS£? tn vn.fr^if^ r
iieifte W oi I25 °- cubic Germ Diseases. SS.J? it &^?Br?^S^S|
The result is a product which does These are the known germ diseases. dc f • n ° n °^ rl ' ga r t ' P < ? c <t
what oxygen does. Oxygen is the All that medicine can do for these Liquozone costs 50c and $1.
nerve food, the blood food, the scav- troubles is to help Nature overcome CUTOUT THIS COUPON
enger of the. blood. It is the very the germs,- and such results are indi- for this offer may not appear axain. mi
source of vitality, the most essential rect and. uncertain. Lfquozone kills out the blanks and man it to the Liquid
element of life. But oxygen is a gas the germs, wherever they are, and the °'° neCo - 4 - 8 - 4e0 Wabasn av «- CMcarv
and unstable.while Liquozone is fixed results are inevitable. By destroying Mr di"^ease"is......!!.r........".
and concentrated. It gets an : excess the cause of the trouble it invariably 1 have never tried LiquoxonebuVifyoa^nV
of oxygen virtues into the blood, to ends the. disease and forever. • tuppiy me a 50c botti« fre«'i win uk» u.
go* wherever the blood goes. The re- Asthma ' Hay Fever— Influenza
suit is a vitalizing tonic' with which BronchitTs* 11 " 111 * L^csri EKsea * e " -\- .......
naother.known product can compare. Blood Poison Leucorrhea \ •
__.__ -¦ ' ._ _ . Brlsht's- Disease Liver Troubles
fCllIS InSlde Ger?TIS Uowel Troubles Malaria— NturalgU
IVU» IH31UC xreilUfe. Coughs— Colds Manv Heart Troubles C14 GJva full address— write plainly
But the great value of Liquozone consumption Piles— pneumonia ' '
ltV^in lh«» fnrt th^t M k-HU Vn ollc T Cr ? up , Pleurisy-Quinsy Any physician or hospital not y«t u*ln*
lies in tne lact tnat It Kills germs in Constipation J _ Rheumatism Liquozon* will be gladly supplied for a tMt.
GOOD TEETH
>^s|>l?&v Means Health,
Happiness and
Poor Teeth, Slcx-
Sp^Sl jG*^&V ne " * nd Mla8r y-
y&l/w Dld ttl> ever oo "
ff^viv/ Hurt? Kot by
V'^\ Dr. A. L Simpson
j» -^ DENTIST
\ : Z && 1206 Market Street
DT>TTPHl?C FOR BARBERS. BA-
oKlS^rlri& *"»• bootblacks, bath-
¦"¦"*- W * 11JI -' houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cannera.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoo factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BtrcHAWArr bros..
Brash Manufacturers, 300 Sacramento St.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1UO3, and for th»
year ending en that Cay. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
. In Cash ._»375.000 CO
ASSET3. ~" ~~
Real Estate owned by Company... $34,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 110.6U3 0O
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3SS.303 61
Cash In Company'* Office 9.5KS J«
Cash In Banks W.7o» 12
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages d. 323 11
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 8,373 57
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 102,837 47
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 132.3S0 21
Total Assets $954,758 25
LIABILITIES. = ===
Looses adjusted and unpaid $44,071 S3
Losses resisted, including expenses. 20.SS3 63
Grots premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning one year cr less, $ .;
reinsurance 50 p«r cent 160,772 48
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more ttyin one year, ) ;
reinsurance pro rata 87 929 30
Duo to otber Insurance Companies. 143 207 45
All other Liabilities. 52.402 23
Total Liabilities .....>. $309,802 17
INCOME. =: ' -
Net cash actually received for FireT
premiums $»71.S63 91
Received for Interest op. Bonds and
Mortgages 4 253 41
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources lflsni 44
Received for Rents 4i735 o<»
8.810 iS
Total Income .{._*50tUSD OS
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $125,219 00, losses of
previous years* $259.P91 45
Dividends to Stockholders 13,730 00
Paid or allowed for* Commission or
Brokerage , SD.674 3t
Paid for Salaries.^ Fees a;nd other
charges for officer*, clerks." etc. . 62,430 05
Pa-.d for State, National and Local
taxes • 5,333 06
All other payments and expendi-
tures ,,..„ 103.447 31
Total Expenditures $4S9. SIS 22
v- ''• •' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year... $:$O.61O OS
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amo»mt of Risks j ,
written during the
year $319,S2«.2S3 $1,233,203 81
Net amount <-.f Risks
expired during the
. year 643,405.600 1.510.797 83
Net amount In force
. December 31. 1!XXJ. . 156,691.112 473.100 43
"~~ - OSCAR RUPERTT. Vice President.
'„ '...-.... ...JULIUS BAESECKE.. Manager.-
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 21st
day cf March. 1904. . .:
HUGH LITERINO. U. S. Consul Genera).
WALTER SPEYER,
. GENERAL AGENT,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, \
225 Sansome St.
V San Francisco, Sunday, 20 May. 1904. . H
Smith's Tapestry j
Brussels Carpet, 59 cts.
• This price includes sewing, lining and laying
and is just one price example from a carpet stock
which v teems with exceptional values for little
money.
Our carpet department occupies the entire top
floor and should not be overlooked by anyone in-
terested in floor coverings.
Here's another interesting quotation in the line j
of floor covering — Sixty-five dollar Anglo-Pcr-
sian rugs for $45.00. Nine by twelve feet in size,
and in strikingly handsome patterns. See them
in the display window. . ; ] '
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St.. at Union SquareSALT LAKE, May 28.— Negotiations
that have been pending between the .
Utah Fuel Company arid representa- :
lives of the United Mine Workers of'
America for a settlement of the coal
strike in Carbon County have been !
broken off, the coal company officials |
informing the mine workers' repressn- j
tative3 that there was nothing to arbi
tratfe. , I
Refuse to Arbitrate Coal Strike.
/
Three of Them Must Pay the Ex
treme Penalty of the Law for
Their Crimes.
CHICAGO. May 28. — John H. Sam
mons and John Lynch were to-day
sentenced to be hanged June 17 for
the murder and robbery of Saloon-
Keeper Patrick Barrett. The motive
for the crime was robbery.
Frank Lewandsky, a wife murderer,
also was sentenced to-day to be
hanged on July 17.
DEATH SENTENCE PASSED
ON ILLINOIS MURDERERS
OTTAWA. Kans., May 28. — District
Judge Smart to-day denied the appli
cation of the Atchison, Topeka and
Safnta Fe Railway Company for a per
manent injunction against the striking
mechanics here. The opinion said that
no evidence of an intention to commit
a disturbance was shown and "govern
ment by injunction" would not be per
mitted until need for issuing a re
straining order to protect property or
the men who took th« strikers' places
was demonstrated.
Kansas Court Denies Application of
Railroad Agirinst Strikers.
INJUNCTION NOT GRANTED.
THE DALLES. Or., May 28.— After
deliberating for four and a half
hours the jury has found Norman Wil
liams guilty of murdering Alma Nes
bltt near Hood River, Or., March 8,
1900. The penalty for the crime is
death.
BUFFALO, May 28.— The Presbyte
rian General Assembly brought one of
the most memorable gatherings of this
denomination held in recent years to
a close to-night. The sessions, it Is
believed, are the prelude to the union
of ail branches of the Presbyterian de
nomination in the United States. The
question of union will now be submit
ted to the presbyteries and upon ap
proval by two-thirds the plans of the
union will be consummated.
Union of All the Branches of the De
nomination in the United Slates
Is Now Expected.
PRESBYTERIANS CLOSE
THEIR GENERAL ASSEMBLY
Travel Time to Be Reduced and
New Service Prepared for
Monterey.
SAN JOSE, May 28.— Beginning
Wednesday a new fast train will make
the run from th'.3 city to Monterey In
two hours, and another on the nar
row-gauge will reduce the time from
here to Santa Cruz to one hour and
thirty-nine minutes, and to San Fran
cisco the run will be made in one hour
and forty-five minutes.
TRAINS WILL SPEED
FROM THE GARDEN CITY
WASHINGTON, May 28.— After care
ful investigation of the charges that
Lieutenant Colonel William L. Pitcher
of the Twenty-eighth Infantry jilted
Miss Caroline Harrold of this city, to
whom he was engaged, the War De
partment has referred all papers for
the preparation of formal charges upon
which a trial by court-martial can be
had.
Army Officer Must Defend Himself
Against Charge That He Jilted
Miss Harrold.
COLONEL PITCHER TO BE
TRIED BY COURT-MARTIAL
NEW YORK, May 28. — The follow
ing Callfornians are in New York:
From San Francisco^— J. S. Anderson,
at the Grand Union; B. Aronstein, at
the Herald Square; R. A. Boggs, at
the Cumberland; A. Floesser, at the
Plaza; L. M. Grant, at the Grand
Union; J. R. McClure and wife, at
the Gilsey; W. Mulr, at the Murray
Hill; G. F. Rein, at the Grand Union;
S. E. Slade, at the Albemarle; H. C.
Thaxter. at the Astor; F. G. Thomp
son, at the Vendome; Mrs. Cheney, at
the Albemarle; A. Christeson, at the
Gilsey; R. W. Davis, at the Imperial;
Mrs. W. H. Patten, at the Albemarle;
Mrs. H. B. Pinney, at the Grand Union;
L. L. Roth, at the Hoffman: .J. S
Arguello, at the Criterion; Mrs. M.
Mason, at the Herald Square.
From Los Angeles — J. Geldas, at the
Vendome; P. F. McManus, at the
Grenoble; R. S. Selbert, at the Gregor
ian. >
Califorhians in New York.
SANTA ROSA, May 28. — George
Warren, a half-breed Indian, was shot
and killed this morning afHealdsburg
by Henry Maximllion, a full-blood In
dian. A pistol shot terminated a
drunken quarrel. Maximilion was cap
tured by Deputy Sheriff Barnes and
will be brought to this city and placed
in jail.
Half-Breed Indian Is Shot and Killed
and His Slayer Is
Captured.
BULLET FROM PISTOL
ENDS THEIR QUARREL
REDDING, May 28. — Charles H.
Braynard, chairman of the Democratic
County Central Committee and a
prominent attorney, appeared before
Superior Judge Head to-day to show
cause why he should not be adjudged
guilty of contempt for approaching
jurors in the Gallanar murder case.
The charge fell fiat and Braynard
showed ample cause why he should
not be found guilty. Judge Head,
however, reprimanded the attorney on
account of his familiarity with ju
rors during the progress of the trial.
Conduct of Redding Attorney in a
Murder Case Displeases Jhe
Court.
SHASTA COUNTY .TUDGt
REPRIMANDS A LAWYER
LEAVENWORTH, Kans.. May 28. —
Judge Kirkpatrick of the District
Court here to-day denied the applica
tion of the attorneys for Mrs. Con
cepcion Vasques Burbank. a Filipino
woman, to strike Lieutenant Bur
bank's suit for the annullment of the
marriage contract from the docket.
It was argued that Burbank is not a
citizen of Kansas and has therefore
no rights In a Kansas court. The Fili
pino woman alleges that Burbank
married her while in the Philippines
with his company. He is trying to
have the marrinjre declared" void.
Court Denies 3Iotion to Strike His
Complaint for Annttllmcnt of Mar
riage Contract From Docket.
LIEUTENANT BURLANK'S
SUIT ALLOWED TO STAND
WASHINGTON. May 28.— The fol
lowing additional increase in salaries
to postmasters in Pacific Coast of
fices were announced to-day:
California — Fort Jones, $1000 to
$1100; Fernando, $1000 to $1100.
Oregon — Ashland. S1900 to $2000:
Astoria, $2400 to 52500; Baker City.
$lM00 to S250O; Eugene, $2300 to
$2400; Forest Grove, $1400 to $1500;
HiMsboro, $1300 to §1400; Hood River,
$1600 to $1700. v
Several Employes In the Mail Service
in California and Oregon to Re
ceive Higher Pay.
« _
POSTAL DEPARTMENT
INCREASES SALARIES
BUTTE, Mont., May 28. — A Red
Lodge special to the Miner says Su
perintendent Pettigrew of the North
western Improvement Company, oper
ating the coal mines of the Northern
Pacific Railway Company, has re
ceived advices from President John
Mitchell of the United Mine Workers
of America regarding the controversy
with the local union over the question
of the employment of a check weigh
man. As a result of the differences
600 men walked out President Mitch
ell rules that the check weighman
must be elected by those who are ac
tually working ns miners.
Passes on Controversy Between Miners
and Montana Coal Company.
MITCHELL GIVES RULING.
Orejonian Wins in a Debate.
PORTLAND, Or.. May 28. — The
Western interstate oratorical contest
of the Intercollegiate Prohibition As
sociation he'd here last night was won
by Walter R. Miles. Newburg. Or.:
Charles F. B:iz;ita. Occidental College
of Los Angeles. Cal.. second, and Wil
liam H. Roddy of the Seattle Semi
nary, Seattle, third.
REDDING, May 28. — H. Herbert, a
prominent resident of Happy Valley,
came near being drowned yesterday.
All that saved him was a barbed wire
fence. He attempted to cross Bat
tle Creek on horseback. When in the
middle of the stream the horse step
ped into a deep hole, fell and threw
the rider into the water. The swift
current carried Herbert down stream
and he went under water twice. When
he came up the second time he struck
the wire fence that caught his- cloth
ing. When he recovered conscious
ness he drew himself on shore.
Horseman Falls Into a Swift Stream
in Shasta County, but Escapes
Drowning.
BARBED WIRE FENCE
SAYES A MAN'S LIFE
NEW YORK, May 28. — A serious
demonstration against Charles Green,
a negro, who attacked two girls In
Central Park, was checked to-day by
several policemen only after threats
had been made, by the latter to use
their revolvers. Threats of lynching
were made and the crowd began to
close in upon the police, who managed
to drag their prisoner to the station
after threatening to shoot.
The brute had attacked the girls,
Who were sisters, while they were tak
ing photographs in the park.
Save Him From Mob.
Attacks Two Girls in N'ew York
Park and Policemen With Difficulty
N'EGRO PRISONER \AR11OWLY
ESCAPES BEING LYNCHED
CHICAGO, May* 28.— Anxious to
spread the strike of machinists, the
Chicago Metal Trades Association to
day directed the posting of notices in
all shops to the effect' that all the men
will be jmt on a ten-hour work day
after May 31.
The notice served the purpose for
which it was issued, and the officers
of the Machinists' Union to-night is
sued.an order to all its members to
quit work on Tuesday at the conclu
sion of a day of nine hours.
About 2500 machinists will be in
volved in the strike, and their idleness
will throw about 1000 other men out of
work.
Chicago Metal Trades Con
tractors Post Notice An
nouncing Ten-Hour Day
INVITE STRIKE
OF THEIR MEN
SACRAMENTO, May 28. — A Japan
ese, contractor named Yamatl?hi, who
had a large number of his countrymen
working iu the aspargus fields and or
chards in the vicinity of Walnut Grove,
was shot and killed last night by two
of his countrymen after a quarrel.
The murdered man and his murder
ers belonged to rival factions. Yama
ti^hi's assailants were Y. Haria and
'Hayahi. The latter, who is accused
of "having fired the fatal shots, made
.his 'escape. Hari;i was placed under
arrest.
Factional War In the Orchards Near
Walnut CJrovc* Cause of
the Killing.
,1AI\\M>i: LABORERS
mihi>i;r a contractor
SAXTA ANA, May 28. — The twen
ty-first annual State Conference of the
German Evangelical Association com
menced a three days' session here to
day, Bishop Thomas Bowman of
Chicago presiding. Statistical re
ports were heard, the Bishop
delivering his conference address,
and greetings were exchanged.
Elections to-day resulted in the
choice of the Rev. F. W. Fletcher of
San Francisco as secretary of tha con
ference; the Rev. W. H. Althouse of
San Francisco, presiding elder for th«;
northern district; the Rev. C. Gruen,
Santa Ana, presiding elder for the
southern district. •
German Evangelical Association Be
gins Session at Santa Ana.
MINISTERS XAME OFFICERS.
The question Involved was whether
cloths containing threads other than
the ordinary warp and filling, intro
duced to form a design or for the pur
pose of ornamentation and dutiable as
countable cottons under the ad valq,
rem clauses of the Dingley law. are
subject to an additional specific duty
because of the extra threads. Judge
Townsend holds that they are not.
Between $300,000 and $400,000 in ex
cess duties will have to be refunded
to the importers if the decision is sus
tained by the Circuit Court of Appeals.
NEW YORK. May 28. — Judge
Townsand in the United States Circuit
Court has announced his decision re
versing the Board of United States
General Appraisers in a test case
brought by importers of fancy cotton
cloths.
Circuit Judge Townsend of New York
Files an Opinion of Great Inter
est to Importers.
REVERSES THE DECISION*
OF BOARD OF APPRAISERS
Resolved, second — That if this report
is adopted thereafter the above pro
posed amendment to the , constitution
be submitted to the General Conference
in order to ascertain whether the legal
constitutional vote of two-thirds of
the members present and voting shall
be given; and
Resolved, third— If such should be
the result the Bishops shall be re
quested to submit the proposition to
the members of the annual conferences
and of the lav electoral conferences,
which shall meet In the years 1907 and
1908, for their adoption of the said
amendment to the constitution.
LOS ANGELES. May 28. — The
Methodist General Conference to-night
decided by a practically unanimous
vote to amend the church constitution
so as to provide for the election of
Bishops of other than the white race.
This question was one of the most
significant programmed for considera
tion by the conference. The matter
came from the committee on episco
pacy as the result of memorials from
several annual conferences favoring
the election of colored Bishops to pre
side as general superintendents.
Chairman J. M. Buckley, in present
ing the report of the committee, char
acterized the recommendation as one
of the most far-reaching importance.
It was an action, he said, as weighty
as any that had been taken by' any
General Conference of recent years.
The report of the committee read in
part:
Concerning memo-rials from the Ten
nessee; East Tennessee, North Caro
lina, South Carolina, Florida, Missis
sippi, Texas and Lexington conferences
requesting the General Conference to
provide for the election of Bishops of
African descent, who shall be assigned
to the presidency of conferences, con
sisting wholly or chiefly of ministers
of African descent, respectfully re
port:
That in the present state of our fun
damental law a constitutional objec
tion is raised to .the ' granting of the
request of said memorialists; but there
having been referred to tins committee
by the General Conference a memorial
from the Rock River conference to
change the fundamental law so as to
make possible the realization of the
desire of the memorialists and to ac
complish other important objects,
therefore,
Resolved, first— That this General
Conference propose the following
amendment to the constitution: To
strike out from the third restrictive
rule paragraph 67, section G, of the
discipline of 1900. all after the disjunc
tive "but" and Insert tne words, "may
elect a Bishcp or Bishops for work
among particular races and languages,
or for any of our foreign missions,
limiting their episcopal jurisdiction to
the same respectively," so that the
whole paragraph shall read:
"The General Conference shall not
change or alter any part or rule
of our government so as to do
away with the episcopacy or de
stroy the plan of our itinerant gen
eral superintendency, but may elect a
Bishop or Bishops for work among
particular races and languages or for
any of our- foreign missions, limiting
their episcopal jurisdiction to the same,
respectively."
SAXTA ROSA, May 28.— This was the
third and closing 'day of the Healds
burg floral carnival. It was a splendid
event and entirely successful. The
closing day was devoted to merriment,
under the rule of King Rex. The pre
vious monarch, Queen Isabel, had abdi
cated after placing a crown on the
head of the jovial new sovereign.
The coronation of the king took place
on the same stand on which Queen
Isabel received her floral crown Thurs
day morning. ' Immediately preceding
the crowning Rex came into town with
his cavalcade of horsemen and chariots.
Following the ceremony there was a
fantastic parade. The masquerade ball
of King Rex took place to-night.
The carnival has been a delightful
event and praise has been accorded the
committee In charge for the floral fea
tures in the parade and the decora
tions. Hundreds of visitors remained
to witness the closing features of the
three days' exhibit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN. May 28. — The Placer
County bank robber is still at large
and as yet the officers have no clew.
A detective arrived from San Francisco
last night and Sheriff Keena, who was
In Los Angeles at. the time of the rob
bery, came home to-day.
There is now no doubt that the man
whom Constable Leak relieved of his
hat Thursday evening was the robber.
It was dusk and the fellow was several
hundred yards away, but one of Leak's
bullets took the man's hat off. With
the hat were found some strips of an
undershirt and a World's Fair cata
logue. Leak's theory is that the rob
ber was tearing his shirt into strips
in order to make a belt with which to
carry the $5000 ho stole.
Cavalcade of Horsemen and
.Chariots Lends Attract
iveness to the Display
Desperado Is Thought to
Have Torn a Shirt to Pro
vide a Belt for the Gold
Metliodists Take Im
portant Action in
Conference.
THEORIES BUT NO CLEW
QUEEX CROWNS A KING
Floral Carnival at/Healds
burg Closes. With Merri
ment and Masquerade Ball
Auburn Bank Robber Suc
ceeds in Escaping Cap
ture by the Authorities
PRELATES
MAY BE OF
ANY RACE
OFFICERS MAKE
FUTILE SEARCH
REX IS RULER
AT FETE'S END
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY. 29, 1905.
26
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-¦i-Sggm, ' : ¦¦• : -"' : ' ¦ N - . ¦¦¦¦-'¦ ' '¦¦••¦•¦ ; ' '¦• ¦ ¦ : -' ¦ ¦ " ¦ ;.¦¦¦¦¦¦.¦ • :-•¦ ¦ ' : , ¦,•¦. ; -. ¦ • ••¦¦ ¦;'¦¦¦:¦¦¦¦:.'.¦'-.;¦¦¦'¦¦¦
IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA BfiRBARfl.
.^AT£S— American pldo— From May I, 1904, to January I, 1905:
Cnc person occuplng roon), wjtbout bath, $2.50 to $3.50; with bath, $3.50 to $5.00
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I .^^^ The Famous
y^fipj JENNESS-niLLER
• /I A* \ $3.50 SHOES,
\ / At tiie P rofit - sharin S shoestorc. 19
! \ / different styles. The lot includes
1 \^*S?^^^^^^v/ almost every desirable style:
X. \-g||||||<^fewv Patent kid, patent colt, vici kid,
' s *^«^ ox ca^» hand-turned soles
j and medium or heavy welted
One of the 19 styles. sewed soles, stitched edges, lace
All sizes, all widths. shoes and Oxfords.
Profits Shared With the Customers.
nlie|Y^ |^\*|A \'t%tf\ f \^ Successor to
Pfielan Building. 312-814 Market Street.
SEE PAGES
• 38 to 43.
a BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
\\ T O L E T FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED,
KV HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
1 TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED, AND A THOU-
4^-J SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
P % PAGES 4i TO Al INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
WE TRUST THE PEOPLE
OUTFITTING CO.
1320-1328 STOCKTON ST. |i
| 2 ROCKER SPECIALS|
This large Willow Arm j
! Ro'cker. Regular price $5.50. J
Special this week |
$2,85
; ; This Solid Oak High Back !|
; : COKRLER SEAT fl> « Qg» !
I; ROCKER tJ)I*OD !;
; Never before did we offer I
' such good values in Rockers; |
1 small prices. !;
> good Canvas Cot for,!;
/ O5c. Regular price $1.25. ]
i All cars lead to our store. |
! Country orders solicited. , !
(5 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 0
I MUSEUM QF AHATOMY^
A Qfr i:zvj.Ltzizzz.ii\.i-,\!i:-±,z3.:-.\.0
\ ."• *" *-* r f «« AiMtosical Museun ia the \
U l*-y World. \VeaitAeft»*fc or any cacxrictefl A
• E3r iJM <l-» e *^ p»»ltl»»ly rarMI by tkt eldest Y
O i 7^ ;-* I ipeaaliiton tbeCcui / .t. 31 yriri.. <J
6 U&**h CR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN J
1 f 6«25 3 Coomlttttoo free »nd ftri'tly ->riT»!e. \
A I j5>jt H Tr««o»ent p<r»cr«.l!jr or br "inter, A A
T fl if A O Mum Curt la ettiy ck.it en ilcmk rn. Y
ApU 11 & Write for Sook.PKJf.OkOrayar A
V * It p DStRnu.cE, MAtLeo rcEB. fxr
A u It- r »"« b| * bt * k tor »¦'¦>) \
V DB. JOfiDAN A CO., IIH1 Marl:«l8t.B. r. 9
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
CTTASAXTTEED CUBE FOB 2CEXT.
HAESCX.EES IITJXCTION. Cures ordinary
casts in a few day*. Warranted to euro
jw-oret cases. SO OTHEE TSEATKEST
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. FBEVEXTTS COKTAGIOBT. Harm-
less. J2.00 for both bottles. For feale only
r. 8. KELLY'S FHAEMACY, 102 Eddy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\\ BLATZ method is generally commented l\
J^on as most remarkable and unique, for y
»PiJ the reason that in most every par- |
ticular it is original from a brewer's 1
y|pfcj point of view. n
v \vv The very cnoicest °* ever y c° m " 8
U \ % po nent P art of tne Blatz brews is 11
i \$L the |nvariabIe ruIe - Onl y the best I
I A JJ>3 of Mother Earth's crop is ever con- 1
' I sidered. The result is a beer of ||
I >^? honest quality with a goodness all |
I i V v\s>^ its own. U
(\ VS^-<^ Always the Same Good Old "Blatz? |
4z^-~^^^ BLATZ MALT-VIVINE-(Non-Intoxicant) i
W<-pZT~'>> A MAIT TOH1C |4
jP^ For Convalescents and Run-Down Systems. H
' U VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee I
A> SAM BIBO (& CO., I
Xnl^ WHOLESALE DEAI.EBS, 212 BATTEBY STREET, jH
San rranclsoo. T»l. Main 6859. i
Makes Men
Vigorous
Valuable Prescription by Which Any
Kan Can MaSe Hl» Own Remedy
to Cure Himself at Home Sent
Tree to All. Write for It.
VriX,!, MAKE iL MAW OP YOU.
For the return of that youthful feeling of
manhood a prominent Detroit physician and
navant is In possession of a receipt which he
America's Greatest Specialist.
has himself used hi his own extensive prlvats
practice with the most startling success.
Though the years have passed its equal has
never bten foun<l and with it thousands of
weak men have brought about the cures they
so much longed for. The doctor willingly
sends th« formula entirely free to any man
who writes him for it, and they will find it a
of lasting value. It Is good for sexual
wcaknrsn, lost manhood, nervousness, weak
back, emissions, varlcocele, lack of force, pros-
tatic trovrble, night sweats, inability and the
many other embarrassing conditions that be-
fall the sexually Imperfect man. It creates an
lnitnedtatp social feeling, warmth and good na-
ture, forces active blood to the muscular tls-
»*.:?. tones the nervous system and arouses
brillly confidence. It makes the man of 65 aa
pood as at ;~*>. and the young man again eager
for Fociety and fit for marriage and parent-
hood. Satisfactory results are produced in a
day's use. and a perfect cure In a few weeks.
repardless of age, or the cause of your condi-
tion.
If you need such a remedy send your name
and address to-day to the Dr. Knapp Med. Co..
1516 Hull 1>Mk.. Detroit. Mich., and In an un»
marked envelop* the doctor will at once send
you the receipt, as promised, explaining in de-
tail what insredients to use and how to com-
pound them so that any weak man can cure
himself in his own home without being tinder
obllffnticns to any one. It costs you nothing
and t:-.« saorer you write the sooner you will
he cured.
\/OlV SERKEY PAQ
* ENGINE CO.
*W*- ; *NJ? ; "3 The latest Perfect
Wt '"-stI?* guaranteed engine on
i~.rl ' V '.W*?^ the market.
& T *J*" : f**>Mk Engines kept In
r& ? L ' \±-i St » repair for one year at
8 i 4 : f " no cost to purchaser
>% : F f\ rT3<& and money refunded
5 ?** 5 ! aJ |n ful1 and *nglne
•?JgJ5 v\j'.vj fa ( ; 8kj taken back If not
'f\&3-~~?r^ 1 1 :'Ki§| satisfactory.
J E W'iw' Sold on Install-
I I vft ments..
N( fc " .¦'")& Correspondence ln-
SLJ3 : ; |y vited.
Sm ' i\ 219-221 Main St.
WiaS* 2^ San Francisco. Cal.
T^j Perfect Fitting (/|Y
M Eyeglasses £M
j At Moderate Cost {\
V642
<gp|vEvery Woman
f^V^i\wH\\?A 1* Interested an.J should know
f^WUa MARVEL Whirling Sprey
..*S^Cj9£si&w ho* en* Suction. Ke»t-Saf-
N^v^J?^>>J®Siry^<S!i~. Mo " Convenient
ilk yonr inttht fbr It. >t, /<8l s~"~~*^~*-
lf iif cannot supply the V. !%!&~',~r*">C
.-llAUVUf,. accept no NS^'f- -
other, but send stamp for ?«au g^-"//,- \ ,
lllnstrateu book— •»»»»<t. HrlTes \*, / ''''/Kjr
full particulars and rttrecttonn Id- fi.*# B
TnliiHblMoladies SIAnVfcXCO./T&J ''< ¦ •¦ S
41 1'ii rU now, Xen York. ''ktiini^llW
152 New Montgomery, i-an Francisco, Cal.
William Ilatteruth (Ladies' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Dru« Co.. 400 Sutter and 1C0 Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 EH1»
MENANDWOMEft.
«h3*j?WBXS^@J Us« Big « for unnatural
/SQgT In J to 6 d«T»-\d diseliarg«s,lnfiknimatioos,
£*jl£j Qaar&nued V| Irritations or ulcarailoaj
ffwaJV not t» «irlotor». of mucoat mtrnbr»n««.
¦7-^ Trntau tauth*. Painless, and not »«trla-
ST^STHEEUNSChcmiCALCo. g«nt or poisonoas.
0IHSIXXATl,0.g^)3 Said by SragslsU,
*$feVV t. B. «. >VSE; or ient ln P llln wr»pp«T.
*<tS^S sxprejis, prepaid, tot
11.00. or 3 bottl'S 12.7ft.
T % <2Sii&» s V M Circular uoi oa rtatuit.
STATETVYEINX
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TUB
Globe and Rutgers Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YOHK. IX THE STATB OF
New York, oa th« 31st day of December.
A. £>. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day, aa made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed aa per blank furnished by tha
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash J400,000 00
ASSETS. ~~ "
Real Estate owned by Company... $73,000 0O
Loans' on Bonds and Mortgages... 64,500 0l>
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 1,295,842 00
Cash In Company"* Office 3,678 7o
Cash In Banks 56,573 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7. 203 6S
Interest due and accrued on
Bonds and Mortgages 1.0S3 97
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 463,330 53
Total assets $1, 960.331 13
LIABILITIES. ~ '
Losses adjusted and unpaid 35.341 50
Losses In process of Adjustment
or la Suspense... 84.2S7 IS
Losses resisted, including expense* T.hltJ SU
Gross premiums en Fire Risks
running one year or less. $1.S37.-
972 44; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 91S.9S8 22
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than on« year. $02.-
527 61; reinsurance pro rata.... 63,324 SI
Due and to become few for bor-
rowed money 60.000 00
Due and to become due for com-
missions and brokerage 70,282 57
All other Liabilities 200 00
Total liabilities 11.222.233 CO
INCOME. • ,~ ~"
Nat cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,602 234 33
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 2,715 00
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans.
and from all other sources 40.001 07
Received for Rents 5.230 5<>
Received from all other source*.. 137 00
Total Income $1,550,477 0O
EXPENDITURES. = ""*
Vet amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $96,723 97. losses or
previous years $8SS,0SS 83
Net amount paid tor Marla»
Losses (Including $ . losses of
previous years) n $3
Dividends to Stockholders 44.000 0O
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerae* 244,523 94
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charses for officers, clerks. *to. 84,270 U
All other payments and expendi-
tures 62,88a 01
Total expenditures .,....$1.068.500 33
Flral
Losses Incurred during the year $725.275 71
Rlsk^ and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Met amount of Risks
written durlntr the
year $131,218,357 $2,013,728 09
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 92.8S1.943 1.24O.»S« 23
Net amount In force
December 31. l»03. 115.009.188 1.930.499 38
! E. C. JAMESON. President.
LYMAN CANDEE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 9Ui
day of February. 1904.
WTM. L. LINDSAY. Notary PuMte.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 413 California St
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL
$?9TC|\A/15/\K: MEIN
k»r*{ig DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOn
» "¦•fil stops all losses and unnatural dls-
3 M charges In 24 hours. You feel aa
i2E3 Effel Improvement from the. first dqse.
\7Tj\ P,7ul We have 8a much confidence In our
WmA IJjjM treatment that we offer Five Hun.
Eg&l RaH dred reward for any ca»* w<» can-
¦¦*"¦¦¦•"' not cure. This secret remedy cures
lost power, nixhtly emissions, wasted organs,
varicccele, deet. strictures, kidneys, falllas
memory, drains In tb« ur'.ie. gonorrhoea. d;.t-
ease of tha prostate glaras and all other terri-
ble effects of self-abu'-e or excesses, which lead
on to consumption r.nd death. Positively cures
the worst cuses In old or young of that morti-
fying condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed. $2
per bottle, three bottles. $5. Guaranteed to
cure any case.
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. CaJ.
Also for sale at 1073% Market st., 8. F. Send
for free booJc.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
I dialogue and Price Lists toallai
on Application.
PRESS AND SAXT MEATS.
JAS. EOYES & CO. gg^ffggig
orr.3.
LCBJUCATINO OILS: LEONARD * ELU3.
¦ «18 Frcat St.. S. F. Pbon* Mala 111*.
FBXKTXSrCh
F. C KUGBESi Ul Sansom* iu. A. «*.San Francisco Lodge No. 2, Knights
of the Royal Arch, will hold Its third
annual picnic to-day at Bchuetzen
Park, San Rafael. The committee,
consisting of twenty prominent mem
bers of the order, Is sparing.no pains
to insure all who attend a good time.
There will be games for young and old,
also dancing, and many other features,
besides valuable gate and game prizes.
Boats will leave ,the foot of Market
street at 9:30 and 11 o'clock a. m., 1:30
and 2:30 p. m. Returning 1 , the last
train leaves Schuetzen Park at 6 p..m.
Prepnrinjj for Picnic.
are charged with grand larceny and
the other two boys with petty larceny.
They are charged with having stolen
a skiff, some lead pipe and other port
able material at different points along
the water front.
Edward Crawford. aged 30. and
James Johnson, John Brown. Charles
Crulsen and Daniel Biglow, all aged
JS, were arrested last nipht. The po
lice claim that the gang has been ope
rating for some time and that Craw
ford has bcpn the "Fagin" of the
crowd. Crawford, Johnsun and Brown
Arrest Water Front Ganz.
Preparations are now going ahead
rapidly for the celebration at Los Gatos
on Friday, June 17, of the one hundred
and twenty-ninth anniversary of the
battle of Bunker Hill.
The committee on grounds and trans
portation reports that the park will be
put in perfect order and two special
trains will be provided by the railroad
company, which will leave Third and
Townsend streets at 8:30 o'clock on the
morning of the excursion.
The committee on games Is also
working hard securing prizes for the
games and races, and will endeavor to
make the games an Important feature
of the day.
The literary committee also reported
progress, and the Second Regiment
band has been engaged to furnish mu
sic for the exercises and dancing.- Seats
will be provided for the guests during
the literary exercises.
The reception committee will invite
all the public officials, both State and
city, so that the . day may be recog
nized as having the support of the en
tire State. The programme probably
will be completed by the end of the
week.
Celebration of One Hundred and
Twcntj'-Nlntli Anniversary to Be
Held at Los Gatos.
Frank Casner, a glass blower re
siding at 1016 Buchanan street, report
ed to the police at the City Hall sta
tion last night that he was held up.
beaten and robbed of 525 by a footpad
at Van Ness avenue and Jackson
street.. The police have no clew to
.the thug.
Says He Was Held Up.
PREPARE TO COMMEMORATE
BATTLE OP BUNKER HILL
DISCOVERY IS WORTH
MILLIONS TO FARMERS
Ant That Destroys the- Boll Weevil
Will Prove Invaluable to Cotton
Growers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. — The value
of a discovery made by O. F. Cook,
botanist of the Department of Agricul
ture, of an ant In Guatemala that kills
the Mexican cotton boll weevil can be
realized from the fact that the in
jury thus far done in the infected por
tion of Texas alone Is estimated by
the Department of Agriculture at
$15,000,000.
If Cook's discovery Is followed by
the introduction of the Guatemalan
ant Into Texas and if the insect does
the same work there that it does In
the uplands of Central America, it Is
no exaggeration to call this find worth
to the American cotton raisers a quar
ter of a billion dollars.
Hearst Men Win In Hawaii.
HONOLULU, May 28.-r-The results of
the Democratic primaries to-day Indi
cate that the Hearst people will control
the coming convention.
The question of the sale of impure
milk in San Francisco came up for a
hearing In an address by Miss Kath
arine Adams before the Association of
Collegiate Alumnae, California branch,
in the gymnasium of the South Park
Settlement, S6 South Park, at 2:15
o'clock yesterday afternoon. After
reading the report to the Board of
Health of the committee especially ap
pointed to inspect the existing condi
tions in the dairies in and around San
Francisco, Miss Adams went on to say
that she had made her own personal
investigations in the interest of the as
sociation, and that the conditions were
horrible. Animals and men were housed
in dirty, unsanitary, ill ventilated and
unlighted barns, the arrangements for
washing bottles and cans being Insuf
ficient and the operation perfunctory.
She had selected three of the best
dairies" in which to make investigations
and reported the following as the result
of her inspection:
"Imagine a long, low shed, the roof
scarcely six feet high, In which are im
prisoned nine rows of cows, thirty to a
row, with hardly room for them to
move in, in a barn filled with the ac
cumulation of years of filth, and, in ad
dition, another shed containing 300 more
cows. In one corner of the shed the
calves were kept, -and probably never
saw the light of day from their birth
until they were sent to the butcher.
FILTH ABOUNDS.
"The provisions for washing the' bot
tles were Inadequate, and the men,
chiefly of the ignorant class, scarcely
submerged the bottles, and never rinsed
them. The bottling was done in the
same place where some of the men
slept, and the room contained swarms
of Hies. The cooling room was directly
off the stable, separated from it by a
rail, over which the milk was passed.
There is one model dairy in Berkeley,
the school of dairying connected with
the University of California, but the
work is limited owing to lack of funds.
The dairymen claim that It is impossi
ble to make changes except at immense
cost, and that competition does not al
low of such expenditure. Hence two
things stand in the way of reform —
the unwillingness of the people to pay
more for milk and the impossibility of
getting better men owing to the union.
Dairymen have said that they have
had to fill the places of discharged men
with union men who have been dis
charged from other places for the same
offense."
When Miss Adams had finished the
following resolution was put before the
meeting and carried:
"Whereas, Milk is recognized as one
of the most important of foods; and
whereas, it is of the utmost importance
to any community to have a sufficient
pure milk supply; therefore be it
"Resolved, That the Association of
Collegiate Alumnae heartily approves
of the work of the Board of Health of
this city In investigating the sources
of the supply of market milk in San
Francisco; and be it further
"Resolved, That we unanimously sec
ond the recommendation made to the
Board of Health by its special com
mittee on . May 26 last to investigate
the oxisting conditions of the milk
supply. "KATHARINE ADAMS,
"EDITH S. HAMMOND,
"MRS. G. R. CH1LDS."
PRACTICAL PATRIOTISM.
Fairfax H. Wheelan was introduced,
and spoke on the work of the Mer
chants' Association. After paying : a
high compliment to the ladies, he im
dlately took up the milk question and
showed that beneficial reforms could
be accomplished, as was shown by the
work of a former milk inspector, Mr.
Dockery, who reduced the mortality
among children in this city Just 50 per
cent In eight months. Then he went
on to illustrate the work of the Mer
chants' Club in securing better light
ed and paved streets, salt water in
street sprinkling, removing of unused
tracks of streetcar companies and the
substitution of electric for horse cars,
the securing ojf various conventions to
San Francisco and many improve
ments which other cities have copied
and enlarged on. He closed with a
strong appeal to the women to urge
upon all their male friends the duties
of citizenship and the necessity of ap
pearing at the polls.
Other business before the meeting
was the election of officers for next
year. They are as follows: President,
Mrs. A. A. Graupner; vice president,
Dr. Edith Hammond; recording secre
tary, Mrs. Moody; corresponding sec
retary. Miss Mary McDougald; treas
urer. Miss Estelle Young. The board
of directors comprises Mrs. C. . "W.
Slack, Miss Cornelia Campbell, Miss
Alice Hays and Miss Edith Bridges.
Announcement was made that the
alumnae would probably send thirty
five delegates to the national conven
tion at St. Louis. Also a request by
Mrs. Drew asking the members to co
operate in listing household aids— that
is, people who would work by the hour
as companions "or servants.
Lloyd Eaton Dies In Nome.
Lloyd Eaton, son of Frederick W.
Eaton, auditor of the Pacific States
Telephone Company, died recently of
lung trouble in Nome, where he resided
for. the last four years. The deceased
was one of the promising young men
of this city, where he was born thirty
six years ago. During the gold excite
ment In Alaska the young man started
north with the object of securing his
share of the wealth that offered to
men that cared to. brave the dangers
of the frozen land. He succeeded In
bo far as acquiring wealth, but un-
fortunately the climaffe was more than
he could stand. Hia brother, Ward
Eaton, will leave here by the steamer
St. Paul with the object of -bringing
the body and the widow and child of
the deceased home.
SHOE FACTORIES WILL
RESU31E WORK TUESDAY
Brewers No. 7, $10; Ladles' Auxiliary
No. 1, Canmakers, $2 50; Iron Trades
Council, $100; Teamsters No. 85. $30;
Box-makers and Sawyers, $5; Carpen
ters No. 4S3, $10; Barbera No. 143. $3.
making a total of $11*7 50. To the Fort
Bragg strikers — Waiters, $10; Team
sters No. S3, $20; Ladies' Auxiliary No.
1, Canmakers. $2 50; Barbers No. 14S,
$5, making a total of $37 50. Donations
to Stockton and Fort Bragg Jointly—
Bartenders, $5; Soap. Soda and Candle
Workers, $3; Steamship Painters No.
986, $5; Soda and Mineral Water Driv
ers, $5; Bakers No. 24, $10; Boat Build
ers No. 16, $10; Carriage Painters No.
66, $10; Undertakers No. 9010, $3. mak
ing a total of $55. The Ship and Steam
boat Joiners have given $5 to Quincy,
Mass., and $5 to Fort Brass and
Stockton; the Newspaper Mailers, $3
each to Fort Bragg and Stockton, and
Bakers' Union $100 to the Western Fed
eration of Miners and $10 to Fort Bragg
and Stockton.
To-morrow la the day set apart for
the annual outing of Gas Workers'
Union No. 9S40 at Fairfax Park. Boat3
and trains will run at Intervals from
7:45 a. m. until 2:30 p. m. for accommo
dation of those wishing to attend.
Locates Wreck of Alton.
Captain Laurltzen of the Santa Fe
steamer San Pablo, on her 6:35 p. m.
trip to San Francisco, located off
Angel Island the sunken river steamer
Alton and left two men in a small
boat In charge.
Declaring Off the Strike at the Kutz
& Co.'s Plant Ends Two
Weeks' Lockout.
As a result of the settlement of the
differences between the Shoe Manu
facturers' Association and the Boot
and Shoe Workers' Union, announced
yesterday morning, the 700 men who
have been idle for several weeks will
return to their respective shop Tues
day morning. The members of the
Shoe Manufacturers* Association voted
yesterday that, Inasmuch as the strike
at the G. M. Kutz & Co.'s factory had
been declared off, there was nothing
further for them to do but reopen their
shops.
At a meeting: of the Boot and Shoe
Cutters' Union Xo. 339, held yesterday
afternoon, all members \ were In
structed to report foi work at their
former places on Tuesday morning,
when the factories will resume opera
tions.
Union men who are out on strikes
have received contributions from the
local organizations as follows: To the
Stockton strikers— Walters, $15; Pile
drivers, Bridge and Structural Iron
Workers No. 77, $10; Cracker Bakers
No. 125. $5; Furniture and Piano Driv
ers, $2 50; Range Workers No. 83, $2 50;
Dr. Ragan had this to say: "I doubt
if dairy interests should be carried on
at all in San Francisco County. This
is a new conclusion I arrived at after
rny visit to Marin County. Every con
dition favorable to the purity of milk
can be found there and when the law
requires the dairymen to adopt a san
itary system and abide by It the public
may be assured of the best results.
The climate is Just the thing. There is
no fog and if man thrives in such an
atmosphere why should not cattle?
"Upon hygienic conditions depends
the mortality of great cities and this
cannot be better emphasized than in
matter of milk supply. There are
sloping hills and the finest of grazing
lands. Even if the dairymen of San
Francisco should construct new barns,
my opinion In this respect would not
be altered, for there would be no
meadows, permitting cows to be
milked in the open air, and'no proper
sunlight or ventilation or running
water, as in creeks, to purify their
premises.
"We intend to press this matter of
pure milk to an issue. It is of vital
importance to good health, and every
possible action will be taken that Will
tend to the betterment of the dairies.
When the final report is made, the
condition of each Institution will be
published. We will establish a sani
tary rate, also a rate for the quality
of milk. All dairies not maintaining
these will be condemned. The practice
of blending poor milk with good will
also be stopped. We find that agencies
resort to this at times and we consider
it most harmful."
Early yesterday morning Drs. Ragan
and Hassler and Inspectors E. C.
Smith, J. Silvera, E. B. O'Conner and
William T. Robertson started on their
trip across the bay. The party divided
into three sections, each taking a dif
ferent course and continuing their in
spections until sundown. \
Ragan and Hassler left San Rafael
by way of the Petaluma road and
crossed to Fairfax, visiting seven
dairies. Smith and Silvera went from
Tiburon to Larkspur, to Strawberry
Point and thence to California City.
They also Inspected seven milk institu
tions. O'Connor and Robertson spent
the dav in the interior of the county
and collected data concerning eight
dairies. Dr. Ragan and his deputies
were provided with authorization from
the State Board of Health, as it was
rumored that there would be some op
position to their visiting a county other
than the one in which they are offi
cials. Reports on this score proved
to be unfounded, as no obstacles were
cast In their way. The health officers
are not done with Marin County. They
have nearly forty more places to look
over and report upon and will make a
second trip on Tuesday.
When the party returned to this city
last night a complete report was made
to Dr. Ragan. Prevailing conditions
were summed up and a general average
struck. This average is not encourag
ing. It hangs between poor and fair.
The Sleeping Hollow Dairy, however,
was found to be first class in every
particular and the inspectors say that
it compares with the others as a first
class racing stable rates with a country
bam. At other ranches whitewash is
applied only about once In every three
years in many of the sheds and in
some places no drainage facilities have
been provided. Ventilation and the
system of dry milking won favor for
some owners, but there is plenty of
room for improvement, as the report
to be submitted when all the dairies
are inspected will show.
DR. RAGAX'S STATEMENT.
While the health officer points to
Marin County as a headquarters for
the supply of milk, he does not com
mend the manner in which the dairies
now located there are conducted. With
one exception, fault is found with all
of the twenty-two visited yesterday,
though some of the unsanitary condi
tions found to exist in San Francisco
County dairies are absent. The ex
panse of fertile land affords facilities
for open air milking, which is one ad
vantage and the drainage of the sheds
is much better than was expected. But
the buildings generally are dilapidated
and cleanliness does not seem to be the
universal order.
INSPECTORS 3IAKE TOUR.
Dr. Ragan, chief health officer of San
Francisco, thinks Marin County an
ideal location for dairies. He is in
favor of abolishing all such institu
tions on the San Francisco peninsula
and obliging their owners to herd their
cattle to meadow lands and sheltering
slopes. The doctor arrived at this con
clusion last evening when he had fln»
ished the llrst c/f a series of dairy in
spections in the northern county. He
made many arguments in support of
his belief and pointed out the benefits
the public at large would reap from
such a move.
Declares That Lack of Clean
liness and Care Is Almost
Universal;
Dr. Eagan Says Milk In
dustry Should Be Re
moved From City.
3Iann County Ranches Visit
ed by Six Local Health
Officials.
Miss Katharine Adams Tells
Collegiate Alumnae What
She Has Found.
CONDITION OF DAIRIES
IS ROUNDLY DENOUNCED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1904.
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Yet you toss about all night, un-
able to sleep. It's your nerves
that are unstrung. Weak nerves
are starved nerves and you there-
fore need something to nourish
and put vim and vitality into
them. For this particular duty
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters Js
highly indorsed by physicians. It
is also invaluable in cases of Poor
Appetite, . Insomnia, Indigestion,
Dyspepsia, Weak v Kidneys, Bil-
iousness and Malaria, Fever and
Ague. We hope you'll try it at
once. »
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
£?"rik IaI*. ?*i JF5 Every mother feelt a
J*22' . of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a sourer of joy to all, but the ¦Buffering and
dan<*er incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomv; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
ovcrco"rr.c, the system is made ready for the coming event, and the
ecrious accidents so common to the critical
henr are obviated by the use of Mother's pyS^xffHfc^Kark^ijrfc
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," jWliiHi&B NlS
says many who have used it. $1.00 per lvHVlllVfl V
bottle at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to all women, will fCByhH/hlTft^
be sent to any address free upon application to g | ||~|g||
QRABFIEID REGULATOR CO., Atlanta* G*. H ¦ HVil^B
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
something absolutely new
in circus stories.
A half-hour storiette of the
giant, the clown and the beau-
tiful equestrienne that is
THE PRICE OF A THREAT.
"_ '¦ NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. .
NOTHING SUCCEEDS LIKE SUCCESS. THE FIRST HAIR-SAVER.
Why is * Newbro's Herpicide is the first "flair Saver." It
Newbro's Herpicide a success? was not made until the micrbbic and contagious nature j
Because it has the of true dandruff was discovered. Before this dtscov-
"Force" or capacity to produce an effect. cry, approaching baldness was considered inevitable.
What is the effect? and after it came the scalp was treated with tincture
The destruction of the invisible, vine-like, microbic of cantharides (made from dried blistering bugs) and
growth that lodges in the sebaceous glands of the hair other irritants to make the hair "prow." Every dcr-
follicles, where its growth and development cause matologist now recognizes the fallacy of this treat-
dandruff, itching scalp, falling hair, and, later, incur- ment. Save your hair while you have hair to save.
able baldness. Kill the dandruff germ with Xevvbro's Herpicide and
Is Herpicide pleasant to use? ¦ give nature a chance; marvelous results will follow.
mos I t ear delightfS 1> aVpVcarion^ev^r % WHAT WE' CLAIM FOR IT.
prepared for the scalp. It contains no oil, grease, »j can cheerfully state that Xcwbro's Herpicide
sediment or dye matter. Careful people who now con- does all that is claimed for it."
sider it a duty to use a scalp prophylactic, to insure (Signed), WM. F. WILSON JR. '-
cleanliness and freedom from dandruff \ contagion, g an Francisco, Cal. !
; B4 prefer Newbro's Herpicide on ac- WORKED LIKE A CHARM. tff£sis3-»
III imMM &m*Bg Jfr i
felfplfi- gl ° SS ' U (Signed), R. F. CLARK, M. D.
g|||tjg STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY. Los Angeles, Cal. wl&KW* *
-tfwWi AT LEADING DRUG STORES OR SENT PREPAID FROM DE- fl^|»V*fl \
llPffiiili TROIT, MICH., UPON RECEIPT OF $1.00. T H i^£§ )
%^f§jp^Ai Drug Stores $1.00. Send 10c in stamps to THE HERPICIDE CO., Datrcit, Mich., far sampla. 'l^^^J \
a H«atnTHair "Destroy the Cause— You Remove the Effect" An unhealthy HaJ
ADVXltTISEilENTS.
I Closed Monday— Decoration Day. |
- ¦ M0Wm ¦ I
F HOilte an> lot (' if% I
I Mr. C.R. Johnston
I Eureka, Cal.
j j . Was die fortunate person to secure the $5500 j
M house and lot free of all charge.
y The deed for the propexly will be property
1 executed in favor of the new owner on Tues-
ji day or Wednesday of this week. ;
M Committee in charge : William Sims, At-
|i torne\--at-Law ; Wiley B. Allen (Wiley B.
|j Allen Piano Co.); Hugo Poheim Qoe Poheim
[ j Tailoring Co.); L. E. Fitch, Advertising Man-
U agcr "Tie Bulletin"; I. A. Beretta (Chinn-
§ • Beretta Optical Co.) Assisted by: H. H. f
[ • Xewb\% 1 145 Shrader street ; M. C. Ran-
I i dolph, 700 Golden Gate avenue ; A. Carlson,
h 130?^ Langton street; F. A. Forsyth, 1503
E. Fell street ; J. O. Craft, 74S O'Farrell street ;
U Mrs. L. Miller, 4024 Eighteenth street ; J. B.
H Rohen, 59 Langton street ; M. K. Lander,
H 4200 Twenty-third street ; J. E. Archer, 1073 J / 2
g . Market street, and A. Wheeler, 1 141 Market
_fl street.
I ] The selection was made by Master George
I: Wayland Travis, 432 Eleventh avenue.
T I
: 957 to 977 Market Street, Near Sixth. I
< w I
.« . m
¦ '¦- - ¦'¦•¦- ' r -'"•' -*-•« '-'- : -^Tlz:.\ - -- >^!i. J gi-^Vl!<*g,*™.. 1X£si**t%-?*+n £-v~j>i? •j.rr.a-x;»^!\T<Jw>yjSf-^rj«CT^i*.^^3
*\7 k PALACE OP AGRICULTURE. /*Kv2g
p Union=Soiithern
Pacific
Through Pullman and Tourist
Cars to ST. LOUIS.
JUNE I, 2, 15 (TEACHERS' EXCURSION), 16, 22, 23.
ROUND TRIP
Wall Maps. Handy Pocket Maps and
Handsome Illustrated Guide to World's
Fair rBEE.
S. r. BOOTH, General Asrent, V. P. ». B.,
1 Montgomery Street,
Or Southern Pacific Afcats.
DIRECT UNEi f
¦rZrfpt _fj ogp0sr un/on> > 'PActnc -qmaha
f^^S-^^SALT LAKE. TcHEVENNE. \ ICAGO
TS§<C1SCO ° lTy I 5AN3AX
W/^GELEJy DENYEf? *U* .ST.Lqyii*
* _ : ~r Mi.—i.iu ¦»¦":. ¦' .'ifiri^ *w«t»a— »
ETHE BIRTHDAY"!
FOUR YEARS OLD TO-DAY.
Cora Fredericka Freer's painting, "The Birthday," was the most important figure composition
exhibited by a Chicago artist at the recent exhibition of American oil painting and sculpture at the
Art Institute. It is the work which combines the telling of a pleasing story with the successful ren-
dering of a most interesting effect of artificial lighting. The four flickering tapers on the birthday
cake illuminate the scene, which is' one of tenderness and intensity as well as of festivity.
\ The, costumes of the little girl in whose honor the celebration is made, her young mother
and her comrade and guest furnish notes of colors and the play of the warm glow from the tapers
on these offers a problem which the artist has solved most agreeably.
The expression on the faces of the participants in the pretty fete shows that she is also a
; close student of character. A smile of love and contentment. plays over the features of the mother
as she cuts the cake; the little one looks on with something of curiosity and wonderment in her
joy, while a look of patient expectancy plays over the features of her guest.
[FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
..":•.:,• ' ; '.,• JUNE 5, J904. .
All Newsdealers and Train Newsagents Sell the Call Ask for It.Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by o»«
Frftss Clipping Bureau (Allen's) "20 «sS~
ilornia street. Telephone Main 1042, »^
Townsend's California Glace fruits hi
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.«
Some of the prominent men, of
Japan are Christians. To this creed
belong one member of the Imperial
Cabinet, two Judges of, the Supreme
Court, two Presidents of the Lower
House of Parliament, three Vice Min
isters of State. In the present Parlia
ment the President and thirteen mem
bers in a total membership of 30*0 are
Christians. In the army there are' 165
Christian officers, or 3 per cent of all,
and the two largest battleships, are
commanded by Christians.. In Toklo
three of the daily papers have Chris
tian editors. ~ • • •
Christianity in Japan.
Eugene Field was a bock collector
and^ one of his favorite jokes, accord
ing to the Philadelphia Post, was to
enter- a bookshop where he was not
known and ask in the soiemnest man
ner for an expurgated edition of Mrs.
Heraan's' poems. One day in .vlllwau^
kee he was walking along the street
with his friend, George Yenowine, when
the latter halted In front of a book
shop and said: "'Gene, trie proprietor
of thia place is the most serious man
I ever knew. He never saw a joke in
his life. Wouldn't it be a good chance
to try again for that expurgated Mrs.
Hemans?" Without a word Fiekl. en
tered, asked for the proprietor and
then made the usual request. "That
is a rather scarce book," came the
reply. "Are you prepared to pay a fair
price for it?" For just c second Field
was taken aback; then he said:'"Cer
tainly, ! certainly: I— I know it's rare."
The man stepped to a case, took -out a
cheaply bound volume and handed it
to Field, saying: "The price is $3."
Field took It nervously, opened to tho
Field Outfitted.
THE CALL, under date of the 13th day of March,
1903, published a special dispatch from Washington
dated March 12. This dispatch stated that some of
the money placed in the hands of' United States Consul
Victor E. Nelson, Bergen, Norway, for payment to fam
ilies of Norwegian blue-jackets killed in the destruction
of the Maine in Havana harbor had not reached the
relatives of those soldiers, although it was said the money
was given to Nelson for distribution; that after an in
vestigation by the State Department 'upon this charge
Consul Nelson was. cabled forhis resignation.
The Call; published this dispatch in the course of its
business without any personal knowledge of the facts as
alleged, but finds upon examination that it was misled,
and that the statements contained in the dispatch were
not true. Mr. Nelson did not receive any money for dis
tribution and it is not the custom of the department to
make such distributions through the hands of the Consul,
consequently it was impossible that there should have
been any investigation of that charge, and it is equally im
possible that the State Department should have asked
him for his resignation for any such cause.
The Call takes pleasure in making this correction and
placing before the public the proper statement of these
facts. : >*V' -' $-V$»"S
A CORRECTION.
GEORGIA DIVORCE — D.. City.
The law books of Georgia bearing date
of the current year do not contain
anything to the effect that "It docs not
need any other requirement in order
to obtain a divorce than the publica
tion of a notice of commencement of
action In a newspaper." There Is a
provision that an action for divorce
may be commenced after the party
seeking such has resided In the State
for one year. If personal service of a
summons cannot be made on the party
from whom the divorce la sought, a
copy of the summons must be pub
lished in seme newspaper of general
circulation in the place where the
party Is known to reside and a copy
of the summons must be mailed to the
last known address, if there Is no an
swer after a stipulated time there may
be a judgment by default. The com
plaint for divorce must set forth the
grounds, which are in that State: Vio
lation of marriage vow. Incapacity
willful desertion (three years), habi
tual intemperance, felony, cruelty"
fraud, insanity or Idiocy at the time of
marriage, consangunity and deception
by wife at time of marriage unknown
to husband.
United States Senator Gorman has given to Repub
licans and Democrats alike another evidence of the judg
ment and shrewd common sense which have dictated and
directed his political career. At the recent State con
vention in Maryland Senator Gorman gave his best ener
gies to prevent any indorsement of himself for the Presi
dential nomination of the Democratic party. And nobody
for a mdixient believes that Gorman tolerates the chances
of any other aspirant before himsel/.
FORT RrLEY— Subscriber, City. Fort
Rlley. the United States military reser
vation. Is one of the suburbs of. Junc
tion City, Kans. It comprises 20.000
acres, was selected in 1852 and occupied
In 1855. It Is now the location of a per
manent school oC instruction for tha
United States army in cavalry and ar
tillery practice.
WE notice that the press of the State is circulat
ing a statement derogatory to the Associated
Charities of this city, which seems to be based on
a misunderstanding of the object and purpose of that or
ganization. This misunderstanding is to the effect that
the charities is expected to furnish funds for the relief
of those in need. As its ordinary income is less than
$4000 and its expenditure is a little more the comment is
made that its income is used up in office expenses and the
compensation of its office force, which is sneeringly re
ferred to as "of the female persuasion."
As we understand the purposes of the Associated
Charities it is not an almoner at all. The many benefi
cial organizations and charity committees of the differ
ent churches are appealed to for relief by
strangers and by* beggars of all descriptions. Among
these there is a large percentage of impostors. The un
organized public is appealed to every day, on the streets,
for relief and charity by promiscuous beggars. It was
found upon investigation that indiscriminate giving by
individuals and organizations was an evil in itself.. It
encouraged imposture, and diverted from the worthy
poor a vast charity fund which, directed in' proper chan
nels, would help the deserving poor to a better .condition.
To do this required some means for investigating each
case. Church and beneficial organizations could, not do
this and individuals were less qualified for such work.
It was known that often the worthiest indigents, become
dependent through sickness, accident or other misfor
tune, were restrained by pride from asking help and kept
their, distress concealed until they became martyrs to
their self-respect. Some organization was needed /that
would find them' out and assign the task of relieving
them to the proper church or society on which they had
claims of fellowship. •
To' do this work the Associated Charities was devised.
It is the business of those who administer it to examine
the cases of all applicants for charity and to see that they.
ASSOCIATED CHARITIES.
PUBLIC DEBT— Inquirer. City. Tha
public debt of the United States wa*
highest in 183fi, when It was $2,773^38.
173 CO. The lowest it has been slnca
was In 1S3L when it -was down to
51.646,961,095 61. At the close of 1905
it was $2,218.SS3,772 8?.
The Board of Public Works has placed itself on rec
ord with a promise that it shall concern itself strictly,
cdnscicntiously and effectively with the task of keeping
public thoroughfares clean. It may be well to remember
the promise and view it in the light of whatever perform
ance the Works Board reveals. It is encouraging to know,
however, that a sense of duty lingers in the minds of the
officials involved.
TIME DIFFERENCE— Reader, City.
There are sixteen hours difference to
time between Manila. P. I., and San
Francisco— that is. the sun rises there
sixteen hours earlier than it does here.
r Anszccrs to Queries.
So Nathan Hale, being chosen, went
By night through the foeman's drowsy
ranks;
He thought of his home, where the
dc^ep-grasaed banks
Of Connecticut lean to her spajmins
flow. — ¦
He thought of the gin he longed to
wed;
He thought of his mother, worn and
bent
With j'oars; of his youth's ambitious
glow; •
He thought of these, and with shudder-
Ing dread
For a weak brief moment bowed his
head.
But he did not falter; he pressed
right on;
His pluck had the old stern martyr
rfhg;
He would do this covert and vulpine
thing
For'hls bleeding land, as her loyal son.
A fox far cunning, a snake for stealth.
Rich were the knowledge he gained
and stored.
Had fate but willed him to bear its
wealth
Bark to the Washington he adored.
Yet, 110; with his triumph nearly
scored.
With the sands of Long Island almost
flung
Off his venturous feet, with tha hope
of bright
Rehabilitation in manful fight.
A passionate truth-lover, noble, young.
Scholarly, fresh from his books at
Yale.
They caught him and killed him,
Nathan Hale!
— The late EDGAR FAWCETT In
The Reader.
Washington wanted a man to serve
His country. Not in the martial way;
Not In the flurry and- dash of fray.
But coolly and with metallic nerve.
Sapient shrewdness, lightning eye;
A spy, if you will, yet no common spy.
He found one Knowlton, of 'Congress"
Own,
Stood with him there on Harlem plain.
While Howe and Clinton, adroit as
guiles.
Thronged the green "flatland monotone
Long Island spreads oetween stream
and plain.
With bloodthirsty Britlsn, miles and
miles*
Said Kriowlton, colonel of Congress'
Own.
"Your Excellency. I know a man
Fit for the perilots task you plan.
A captain In my stancti Yankee clan.
Still young, yet a patriot to the bone."
Nathan Hale.
Two English castles are about to
come under the hammer, each Included
In the sale of extensive estates. Illnjrs
wear Castle. South Devon, will be of
fered thia month, with several prop
erties In the neighborhood. It dates
from the feign of King John. I>uring
the civil war It was strongly garri
soned by the King's men. but was
successfully stormed by the army of
Sir Thomas Fairfax, early In the year
1645. The garrison were taken prison
ers. The Hanwell Castle estate la to
be offered next month. It Is situated
in Oxfordshire, and the sale -will in
clude the whole of the village of Han
well and part of the village of Dray
ton, near Banbury. This was th© seat
of the Cope family, and James I ttu
twice the guest cf Sir Anthony Cope,
the celebrated Puritan leader, -who died
in 1614.
Castles for Sale.
IT is believed to be useful for partisan purposes to
teach the people that the transaction of much of the
business of this country by large corporations, given
the bad name of trusts, is an evil that has originated in
our protective tariff. This course is taken in order to
effectively ambush another attack on protection.
But as large a part of the business of Great Britain is
transacted by corporations between which and our trusts
there is no appreciable difference in economics if there
is in law. There have been organized in Great Britain
77.579 of such corporations, with a stock issue of $29,
982,110,245. A majority of these floated their stock and
went under to the loss of the shareholders, just as the
wild-cat trusts in this country did to the loss of the in
vesting public.
The Manchester Chronicle says that last year 1629 of
these corporations became insolvent, inflicting a loss of
$145,995,000 upon the public which had taken their stocks.
The same authority says that «in the last ten years the
losses from the same cause have amounted to $2,725,
240,000. It. is declared that this lost capital was never
represented by valid assets. That is to say it was watered
and fictitious capital.
The Chronicle declares that there must be legislation
to protect the public against the lute of such investments
and that "It does not meet the case to say that we can
not legislate for fools; we must so legislate as to protect
the nation from unscrupulqusness, dishonesty and fraud.
The Board of Trade has been urged by the stock ex
change to deal with this abuse and a serious effort must
be made to safeguard our commercial interests by making
the law very stringent in dealing with abuses of flotation
under the limited liability system."
All the features familiar to us in the United States ap
pear in Great Britain. Under free trade stock watering
and luring of investors go on just as here under pro
tection. The revenue system makes no difference. If
our Democratic politicians were in Great Britain we sup
pose they would be pointing to free trade as the mother
of trusts and the wicked inventor of stock watering.
FOREIGN TRUSTS.
The Federal Commissioner of Immigration stationed
at this port has decided in the case of an Italian an
archist that an expert maker of bombs and infernal ma
chines is not such a man as Uncle Sam cares to have
within the confines of his domain. The decision is emi
nently just. Our political agitators, storming every
thing in sight with the artillery of their lungs, make noise
enough to suit us and fortunately commit no more harm
than the assault of exploded wind upon our eardrums.
"This year CO.000 carloads of oranges
have been shipped out cf the State,
enough to pay a handsome dividend.
Growers are looking hopefully to the
construction of the Panama canal,
which they think will reduce one-third
the present freight rate of SO cent3 a
box which _ihe railroads charge . on
New York shipments/'
title page and read In correct print:
"The Poem3 of Mrs. Felicia Heraans.
Selected and Arranged With All Ob
jectionable Passages Excised by
: George Yenowine, Editor of Isaac
\ Watts for the Home/ The Firesid«
Hannah More/ etc./ ".with the usual
1 publisher's name and cate at the bot
tom. Field glanced up at the book
seller. He stood there the very pic
ture of sad solemnity. "I'll take It/*
said Field, faintly, producing the mon
ey. Outside Yenowine was missing. At
his office the boy said that he had just
left, saying that he was going to
Standing Rock, Dak., to keep an ap
pointment with Sitting Bull.
Our Golden Fruit.
In an article upon orange growing in
California, contributed to the June
Booklover's Magazine. Allan Suther
land gives the following account of
how our horticulturists profit by the
golden fruit:
"Orange groves. In full bearing, fre
quently yield handsome returns on the
investments made. A crop of five acres
recently sold for $1575 on the trees.
Some orchards yield as much as J1S0O
per acre. Ordinarily a carefully culti
vated orchard of ten acres ought to
yield a sure annual profit of from $1200
to $2000. In full bearing, the average
orchard yields about $150 per acre.
Good orange land may be bought from
$50 to $130 per acre. Groves. Includ
ing all the water rights and privileges,
have sold as high as $2500 per acre.
About $50,000,000 capital 13 invested in
California groves. Records of the
State's product show that the ship
ments In 1S3S were less than one mil
lion boxes; in 13i>3 they had reached
four and one-third; in 1002. a little
more than eisht; and in 1903, eleven
and a half million boxes.
Socially the opening of the Royal
Opera season in London this week was
Dot quite as brilliant as usual, the
Kinz and Queen being absent In Ire
1*^1 and the display of dressmaking
kt-A diamonds being fairly modest.
Th* Covcnt Garden opera house is not
*r> npuriouu and gorgeous a place as
ft*' Metropolitan In New York, and
fb* f*ct that most of the singers come
k>tl*T 4ir*«X)y after the rigors of the
/'•-*rv*n woman sometimes gives an
;*?r***fe& that Xh* whole affair is a
fc *1r"W*"'tn. But there was one
fflg -vf fh* <>p>nln* tilsrht this year
i-4 GOfetA <i*ntrn that opera-goers in
fZ* )*;>?<*/? £fftf«-« hu\+ bad to do with
¦&&.• 1ft64 Ullurti was the presence
So when Rosebud — appearing
through a bookcase — bursts upon the
vicar and the Baronet's sweetheart
and assures them that 6ha will devote
herself to straightening out their af
fairs, they Inform her politely that her
services are not required. Nevertheless
the perseveres, and soon afterward
the demon carries off the lady to the
quarters of the "bold, buccaneering
Baronet." as the fairy supposes hlm..No
end of comic happenings follow, but
finally the fairy discovers that she has
made a fool of herself and helped no
one. and then it Is that, out of pique.
she transports the vicar, the Judge'
the Baronet and his lady love to "The
Revolving Realms of Radiant Reha
bilitation" and metamorphoses them
into the familiar pantomime figures
of pantaloon, columbine, harlequin
and clown, respectively. In which guise
they are obliged to perform in the pub
lic streets, but finally are set down in
the vicars <Jrawtng-roo?n, to find a
criticism of their enforced histrionic
efforts In the London Times, the some
w hat erudite style of whose critic Gil
bert parodies amusingly. All ends
happily, with the right lovers united
and the fairy comforted for her disap
pointment by the demon's promise to
renounce his calling and marry bt'r
At the end she is calling him "George "
The Lor. Jo;: Stage.
Bpeetel Correajxmdeore of The Call.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
5 HENRIETTA STREET. OOVENT
GARDEN, LONDON. May 16.— It is
Just as v.e expected, '.lie idea of W. S.
Gilbert'* r.e.v p!ajr. A (Fairy's Dilem
lr.a." is so fantastic, so <Iroll. eo emi
nently Cnb<<tian. in fact, that it is no
wonder the hankering to work it up
and see it acted overcame ail Mr. Gil
bert's resolutions to write no more for
the Eta^e. And let it be said at once
that no one but the author of "Iolan
the" and 'The Bab Ballads'— the two
Gilbert inventions that the new Gar
i;ck play most recalls — could have con
structed, as probably no one else could
Itave conceived, this brilliant piece of
trifling, "its chitf characters. Rosebud,
the good fairy why bungles hopelessly
the romantic mission phe has under
taken, ami Alcohol, the demon who, be
cause tradition requires him ( to speak
in numbers and he has no knack at
verse, has provided him&elf with a
rhyming dictionary, are creatures
whose like the stage has not known
e'.nce the palmy days of the Savoy. And
this tijne the famous librettist has out
dared nimself. Dignified judicial lumi
naries, bumptious military men and
fulsome ecclesiastics always have been
marks for Gilbert's wit, but never be
fore lias he K'jrw so far as to picture a
learned and crusty Judge transformed
into a pantaloon, a Baronet of the Life
Guards turned into a pantomime clown
or a sanctimonious vicar bewitched
into, a dancing harlequin in the skinni
est of spangled tights. To a first-night
audience the ;satire gave glee but no
-offense; whether the piece will be a
popular success no one has ventured to
prophesy.
The whole thing is a burlesque on the
time-iionored English pantomime.
When Mr. Gilbert raises his curtain we
find that Rosebud, the good fairy, is in
disgrace with the Fairy Queen. Her
mission is to help along lagging love
affairs. Those in the neighborhood,
however, have gone but indifferently
for some time, and the Queen of the
fays has- decreed that unless Rosebud
brings oft a coup of some sort she will
be thrust into the back row of the
fairy ballet, "along with the stout
ones," as Mr. Gilbert puts it. Anxious
to avoid this. Rosebud has been watch
ing a sort of double-barreled love affair
that has been going on in her vicinity,
the suitors in the case being a some
v.hat timid country vicar and a Baro
net in the Life Guards. The vicar is In
love with a learned Judge's daughter,
who, for courtship purposes, has dis
guised herself as a hospital nurse, but
Rosebud notices that the Baronet also
frequently offers attentions to this lady
and the fairy believes that the military
man's intentions toward her are not
honorable. Here is an opportunity to
intervene. She eeeks the aid of the
Demon Alcohol, an evil spirit, with,
however, conscientious scruples that
handicap him considerably, and after
.come trouble induces him to carry off
the lady to the Baronet's flat in White
hall Court, whence she, the good fairy,
will rescue her just in time and restore
her to her ecclesiastical lover.
But when the scene changes to the
vicar's drawing-room we find an un
expected state of affairs. It seems
that the churchman's sweetheart's
father, the pompous Justice Wortle,
does not approve of the vicar as a
eultor. and in order to deceive him the
reverend and the Baronet are In the
habit. In public, of devoting themselves
to each other's lady loves.
would present no "great difficulties. It
was merely a matter of a great deal of
digging. Henry M. Flagler took up
the project and it is being carried out
by his lieutenants. We. are not only
making artificial outlets through the
rock, but are also, by ditching 1 and
dredging, turning large bodies of wa
ter into rivers and creeks which flow
to the ocean. The work has progressed
far enough to enable me to predict
confidently the opening- in Florida,
within a very few years, of a great
tract of land of almost unprecedented
fertility. — Success.
There are great agricultural possi
bilities in the Florida Everglades.
Though they are yet merely an ex
pansive waste of swamp and lake and
jungle, I venture to predict that they
will be the location of hundreds of
fertile farms within ten years and will
by degrees develop Into one of the
most productive tracts of land In—the
world. The barrier to the utilization
of the Everglades has been, of course,
the water which covers the greater
part of them to a depth of from one
to six feet. But is has been found en
tirely practicable to drain off the wa
ter. "Work to this end has already
been begun and is being pushed rap
idly. When it is completed a tract of
land 160 miles long and sixty wide
will have been opened to cultivation.
The size of this region is not aa im
portant as the remarkable productiv
ity of the soil. The latter is not only
absolutely virgin, but has been fer
tilized by animals and vegetable life
through many centuries. I am confi
dent that its crops will lift Florida to
a place among the leading agricultural
States.
The project of draining the Ever
glades attracted the attention of Henry
B. Plant in" the early '90*s, but he was
by no means sure that the scheme was
feasible, so I, acting under his direc
tion, undertook an expedition through
the region. Despite its proximity to
centers of population, It was then for
the first time thoroughly explored by
white men._ Ours was virtually a voy
age of discovery. We paddled our light
boats on lakes and camped on islands
that, I have good reason to believe,
had never before been visited by any
human being but Semlnole Indians,
and by these but rarely. We under
went so many hardships that some of
our party were compelled to turn
back, but our efforts were not in vain,
for we ascertained the important fact
that the Everglades, along the whole
160 miles of the eastern side, are
rimmed by a rock ledge. We further
more learned that all of the lakes are
several feet above sea level, and we
decided that there was nothing what
ever to prevent the water of the lakes
from flowing into the ocean and leav
ing the land drained if vents could be
made In this long ledge of rock. The
chief question before us pertained to
the practicability of cutting through
the ledge In various places and dredg
ing out outlets Into the Atlantic, which
is not more than two or three miles
away at numerous points.
Experiments proved that this work
Draining the Everglades.
THE supply of a great city of those things that are
among the absolute necessaries of life is a matter
of the highest importance, because it concerns the
health and life" of the people. Of all food supplies milk
is the most important. It is a prime necessity in every
family and ik the sole food of infants. It is also the me
dium through which disease is most easily and most
commonly communicated to man.
The typhoid epidemic at Stanford University two years
ago was caused by the vile conditions in one small dairy.
The owner of that dairy caused the deaths of young men
and women in their prime of life and hope. If he had
met them on the street and shot them dead he would
have been hanged. But he killed them by slow poison
and escaped punishment. A few years ago a typhoid
epidemic broke out in Oakland, causing about forty
deaths. Its origin was traced to a/ small dairy where
everything was reeking with filth. The owner of that
dairy had been guilty of a great crime, but he went un
punished.
Now the dairies in the outskirts of San Francisco are
found to be in such condition that the milk they furnish
should not be fed to pigs it is so filthy,' Many years ago
dairies of this kind in and around New York City were
examined as a result of abnormal infant mortality. The
conditions found were appalling. At that time science
had not revealed bacteriology, and men could only infer
that milk from animals in the physical condition preva
lent in those dairies must carry death with it to the users.
Immediately there arose a crusade against "swill milk,"
which gave to the sanitary inspection of dairies an im
pulse that is still felt. X
As far as investigation has gone it is apparent that the
dairies lodged around the edges of San Francisco are in
a condition as deplorable and as dangerous as the swill
milk establishments of New York. The buildings, barns
and milking sheds are dirty. The cows have no range on
pasture, nor access to natural conditions, nor proper
food. They stand and lie in their own dejections and are
milked without washing and with their flanks in a dirty
condition. In many cases the water they drink is con
taminated, and the same foul water is used for washing
the milk cans and perhaps for thinning the. milk. The
cows are, as a rule, in a condition to excite pity and the
calves are treated so cruelly as to warrant official inter
ference to protect them.
The moral of it all is that those pestiferous and death
dealing dairies around a city should not be permitted at
all. The sale of their product should be prohibited. It
is impossible that they should produce wholesome milk.
That can only be done by cows that have free range on
pasture, with naturf 1 food in abundance, eating only what
is wholesome and living in pure air and the sunshine.
Not a pint of milk should be permitted to come into San
Francisco from any other conditions.
Within easy reach of this city, by water and land
transportation, are districts adapted to dairying, where
the best forage for producing milk is to be had in abun
dance and where the water is pure and every condition
i* kindly to the cow and favors the production of pure
milk. If our sanitary authorities will continue .their in
vestigation and abandon the idea that these filthy little
dairies can ever be put in a proper condition to produce
Avholcsome milk, but forbid the sale of their products, we
may reasonably expect a milk supply from pure sources.
It is a fearful thing that here where nature produces so
lavishly the finest forage and outdoor conditions the
most favorable the people should take their milk supply
from emaciated and diseased cows, standing belly deep in
mud and filth. In the pleasant country around us are
ideal conditions for dairying decently and wholesomely.
If the business were permitted only under such condi
tions we would have cows fed on pure pasture, milked in
clean and wholesome sheds and the milk preserved for
market, not by drugs but by devices for immediately
cooling it to a point that will enable its transportation to
the customer in proper condition for use.
Under such a system for supplying milk it could be
prepared for keeping any proper length of time in proper
vessels, by the Pasteur process for sterilizing. The peo
ple should appreciate the importance of rigid rules to
control this most necessary and at the same time most
dangerous of all food supplies.
But the two captains pointed out to
them that revolutions were a flourish
ing Institution in, the country; that
there was no reason to suppose that
this was the last. ' and^that to shoot
the leaders might be a precedent
dangerous to the leaders of the oppo
sition at some future time. After a
great deal of consideration and a
council of war the strength of these
arguments became apparent to the
opposition and the late government
and their generals were sent out of
the country unmolested.
The only thing that then remained
¦was for the two captains to see that
the soldiers in the fortress laid down
their arms. That was seen to. and the
army of the late government then left
the fortress. The moment they left
the fortress they were met by the gen
eral of the -victorious opposition, who
offered them double pay to Join his
array. Without a moment's hesitation
and without a single dissentient voice
the offer was accepted, the vanquished
soldiers resumed their armsand then
formed part of the escort of the army
of the opposition which conducted tifcj
two captains back to their cruisers.
This amusing story by Lord Sel
borne of a comic opera war evoked
much laughter from the distinguished
company present — Boston Transcript
The terms were accepted without de
mur, the Government occupied the po
sition, the opposition withdrew, and in
the course of two or three' days ad
vanced to the attack. There was a
terrific amount of fighting, an immense
amount of ammunition was expended
and a great many lives were lost'
Eventually the Government went on
th« run and retreated pell-mell through
the town into the fortress. But the
moment the opposition arrived at the
position which the Government for
merly held, they ceased flring-not one
single shot was fired after the Govern
ment had abandoned the position
When the opposition had occupied
the position and the Government had
retired into the fortress, both armies
hoisted a flag, "Referees required"
and the two captains, with the Union
Jack and the Stars and Stripes flying
then solemnly went up to the fort The
army of the victors (the opposition)
In f u th( \ Etreets an <* Presented arms.
All the shutters of all the stops were
taken down, and the population turned
out and heartily cheered the referees
Then came the delicate and diplo
matic question of arranging the terms
of peace. The two captains decided
that in respect of the men of the army
of the Government they must lay down
their arms and should then be allowed
to go free. The opposition accepted
those terms without question. They
then said that the generals of the
Government, and they thought" the
Prime Minister, too, should be allowed
to leave the country unmolested, but
to that the opposition at first strongly
demurred, thinking that they ought at
once to be shot.
They then carefully drew up the
order of proceedings. They intimated
that this position was to be held by the
Government, that the opposition was to
retire a certain number of miles and
might then proceed to take the position,
but— and these were the rules— if the
Government once abandoned the po
sition they were to be held to have been
beaten, while if the opposition were un
able to take the position they must
withdraw.
The Government and the opposition
both wrote back to say that their ex
cellencies should be obeyed; but, as
their excellencies had forbidden fight
ing in the town, would they kindly say
where the fighting might take place.
The two captains were quite equal to
the occasion. They surveyed the coun
try, and selected a position which
would do for military operations, with
rivers, hills and everything in its proper
place.
At : he recent Itoyal Academy ban
quet in London, a little piece of history
that bounded. like a fairy tale formed
ihe substance of the speech of Lord
Selborne in responding to the toast of
the navy. Recently, he said, they had
had on!y too pood reason to realize
how inseparable were the greatest risks
from the seaman's life. They were be
ginning to learn also what a modern
naval war meant. Still, those days of
th« navy immortalized by Captain
Marryat were Tiot altogether past.
A few weeks ago two small cruisers,
British and American, found them
selves in a port, which should be name
less, and discovered that the annual
revolution was going on. The Govern
ment was in possession of the town,
and the opposition were rapidly ad
vancing to attack It. The two captains
put their heads together — for there
were many British and American citi
zens in the town, and much British and
American property — and they sent a
joint note to the combatants warning
them that, however much fighting they
chose to do, they (the two captains)
forbade them to fight in the town.
A War Farce.
cf Dr. Hans Kicbter in the conductor's
chair— a fact which 6eerr.ed to glorify
the performance of Mozart's "Don
Giovanni." The orchestra and com
pany were superbly drilled and it
stems to be the general opinion that
the opera has not been £=o we!l done
before for a generation. It was given
practically complete, the usual cuts
having b^en restored, and in conse
quence the performance began at 7:30.
Alice- Nielsen of American comic opera
fame, who on thlsj occasion made her
first appearance Here in srand opera;
A\on sincere prais?, although she dis
turbed the traditions of tome of the
critics by making Zerlina human and
attractive.
are relieved by whatever organization they have the most
claims upon. If a church committee is applied to for re
lief it refers the case to the Associated Charities as a
rule, first furnishing enough means for immediate relief
during the time an examination is- being made. If the
case is reported worthy the relief is continued. If not it
is withdrawn. Even such highly organized bodies as the
Masons and Odd Fellows, Knights of Pythias and Ellcs
find it necessary to use the mockery of the Associated
Charities to protect themselves against imposition. If
such be necessary in their, case how much more necessary
is it for church communities and private individuals.
The Associated Charities have command of the liber
ality of many wealthy people who make it a rule to give a
stated sum to charity every year. They want to give this
wisely and where i^ is needed and not indiscriminately
and for the use of frauds and impostors. The only way
they can do this is- by co-operation with the Associated
Charities. That organization also receives and distri
butes clothing and fuel properly when furnished by the
charitable. It is in communication and co-operation with
the Salvation Army, the Volunteers of America and alp
associated persons who do charity work, and is the gen
eral clearing-house for all charitable effort.
The article referred to says that eight ladies are em
ployed in the Associated Charities of San Francisco, and
complains that their salaries and car fare amount to
$2948 15 per year. That is only $36851 apiece for a year's
work and car fare! Instead of complaining that it is too
much, as the article does, we should all be ashamed that
it is sqjjjtle.
For rent, telephone, printing and postage the sum of
$1109 30 was spent, and that is out of proportion to the
amount of good done by the devoted women who ad
minister associated affairs. We have no doubt that they
save the waste upon impostors and frauds of many times
the cost of their work and confine it to cases in which it
is really needed and where it does good. We make no
apology for this indorsement of their work and com
mendation of them, hoping that it may not only overtake
and correct the misrepresentation of their purpose but
that it will stir the community to a sense of its duty to
them. Their equipment should be better, their income
larger and their pay increased.
A CITY MILK SUPPLY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .-..._......• Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Offlco .......' .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY : ... . ,. .MAY 29. 1904
28
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThe London Tablet says Plus 3L haa
resolved that no priest* s ravenua from
ecclesiastical sources shall exceed $1200
The midsummer session of tha
Technical Society of the Pacific Coast
was brought to a pleasant close with
a banquet in the Marble hall of the
Palace Hotel last evening. About sev
enty-five, including the wives of many
of the delegates, attended tha banquet,
over which George W. Dickie presided.
Among the speakers of the evening
were E. J. Molera, Arthur L. Adams,
Marsden Manson, M. A. Schultze, Mrs.
C. E. Grunsky, John Richards, Charles
Bundschu and Mr. Medina.
Yesterday forenoon the members of
the society enjoyed a trolley car ride
around the city, during which they
vislted the big powerhouses of the
United Railroads and inspected the
work now under Tray in the Santa Fe
cut at the Potrero. In the afternoon
the session reconvened and listened to
a number of scientific papers and then
adjourned.
Last Daj's Programme of Engineers
Includes a Trolley Ride Through
the City.
TECHNICAL SOCIETY ENDS
SESSION WITH A BANQUET
Beethoven was fond of history and
novels.
The Scoble estate Is worth 5375,000.
Mrs. Desoza's interest consisted of a
one-third interest in the $35,000 de
vised by Scobie to his sister, Cather
ine Griffin of Guerneville..
Jeannle Desoza" (nee Bamber),
grandniece of James Scoble, who, In
November, 1903, assigned to F. J.
Russell, her attorney, her interest. in
the estate of her granduncle, yester
day filed a notice in the Superior
Court that she repudiated the assign
ment.
She says that she was a minor at
the time the assignment was made and
that Russell took advantage of her Ig
norance to secure her signature to the
document. She says further that Rus
sell, knowing that she was not fully
informed as to her rights, fraudulent
ly represented the condition of her In
terests to her.
Mrs. Jeannje Desoza Files Rcpudia*.
tion of Assignment of Legacy to
Attorney ;F. J. Russell.
HEIRESS CLAIMS LAWYER
TOOK ADVANTAGE OP HER,
The Grand Jury met Friday and
filed a report regarding its inspection
of the City and County Hospital. The
report state's that many necessary Im
provements have been made and the
Institution is In first-class order. The
report continues:
The bulldlngi for the help are In a dilapi
dated condition, and th? electric wiring is im
perfect. There Is a n«ed of lire escapes on the
buildings, and the' building occupied by the fe
male nurse* 1« unfit for the purpose (or which
It I* u«ed. While nearly new, the foundation
and flooring are rotted away. We see the ne
copslty for a new hospital at once, and we
would recommend that If another location
•hould be secured that the present site should
always be retained by the city aa an* auxiliary
hospital, the mild climate and pure air in this
location being unsurpassed In this city.
The Grand Jury recommended that
the Board of Supervisors and the >
Board of Health compel the Sanitary'
Reduction Works to install a smoke
consumer on its chimney in ( order to
prevent the dissemination of fumes
that are said to be injurious to health.
The Grand Jury finds that the neces
sary apparatus can be installed at an
increased expense of 20 per cent in
the fuel bill. ¦>
Grand Jury Finds Buildings at City
and County Hospital in Dilapi
dated Condition.
QUARTERS FOR HELP
LACK FIRE ESCAPES
the Flames. •
GITOFIR, Russia, May 28. — The
large village of Iskorosk has been
burned. The loss is estimated at
$1. 000, 000.
The fire waa started by chlldre'n
playing with matches. The whole pop
ulation ia homeless and reduced to
beggary.
Entire Population of Iskorosk, Rus
sia, Reduced to Beggary by
CHILDREN START FIRE
THAT BURNS A VILLAGE
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 28. —
While being pursued by a detective
two men,, thought to be freight car
robbers, jumped into the river and
were drowned or killed. Special Da
tective Wilson discovered four men In
the railway yards acting In a ' 8us-.
picious manner. Two of them pursued
by Wilson ran toward the river and
jumped into the swollen stream. Wil
son fired a dozen shot at them, when
finally one of them cried out, "I'm
shot!" and disappeared under the sur
face. The other man reached a bridge
abutment. As he clung there the de
tective fired three shots at him, one of
which struck him and he sank into
the water. > • ¦>'> ? :
Jump Into a River When Pursued by
a Detective and Are Either Shot
or Drowned.
SUSPECTED ROBBERS DIE
WHILE TRYING TO ESCAPE
The Britishers are rot going to use
•.'chauffeur" or "garage" any more.
They will say "motorman" and "mo
tor-house."
Jam* 1 ? B. Ap«r. a salesman, residing
In Berkeley, filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday in the United States
District Cnurt. His liabilities are
$412Sand he has no assets. His prin
"dpal creditors are George W. Hazel
ton. AlaniPda, $950. for money loaned,
.and William C. Pond, San Francisco,
55S5. for the same.
Insolvent Salesman.
Autopsy Surgeon Bacifjalupi found
that death had been caused from heart
failure and cirrhosis of the liver and
kidneys.
The contents of the stomach were
sent to the City Chemist for examina
tion.
George Guth, owner of a cigar store
at 149 Sixth street, died last Friday
night at his former residence, 1039
Mission street. He went to the house
on that evening after closing his store
and complained of being sick. Mrs.
Ashley, the landlady, mixed three hot
whisky punches for him, the whisky
being obtained from a bottle which he
had brought with him.
Gconre Guth Dies Suddenly.
The consistory of Lauterbrunnen,
Switzerland, has made the announce
ment that the old custom of smoking
in church will no longer be tolerated.
The office of librarian of the British
House of Lords is virtually a. sinecure.
As Disraeli said, the' British aristoc
racy never reads.
Grasshoppers furnish the Filipino an
important article of -diet. They are
caught In nets while in swarms, sun
dried, and eaten with brown sugar.
The stranger then held a bead on
Fichter and the Constable hurried to
his quarry and served him with the
summons.
Fichter heard the click-click of the
revolver as it was cocked and speedily
came to a standstill, throwing his
hands Into the air and screaming at
the top of his lungs:
"Don't shoot; I'll go." ¦
NEW YORK, May 2S.— John Flchter,
Rroceryman of Denville, N. J., waa re
luctant to serve on a Jury for a fee of
50 cents per day, so when Constable
Clarke entered his store with a Jury
sumnrons Fichter dropped his molasses
jug and bolted out the back door. Con
stable Clarke gave chase at once, and
down the street the two men ran.
Fichter crossed and doubled back
around some barns and started for the
store again. At this point Clarke met
a stranger who, divining 1 the cause of
the chase, at once shouted:
"Want that man for the jury?"
"Yes," answered Clarke.
"All right," eaid the other, drawing
a revolver from his pocket and shout-
Ing after the fleeing grocer:
"Halt, there; halt, or I'll fire!"
Special DlFpateh to, The Call
BALTIMORE, May 28.— The Mer
chant Marine Commission, appointed
by Congress and composed of members
of that body, for the purpose of mak
ing recommendations for legislation In
regard to the restoration of American
Bhipping, met here to-day.
Bernard N. Baker, former president
of the Atlantic Transport Company,
spoke in behalf of a ship subsidy, main
taining that Congress should make an
appropriation each year, for a number
of years, for the upbuilding of Ameri
can shipping. He further suggested
that this should be made subject to a
contract being entered into by public
proposals so that no citizen or corpor
ation would have any undue advan
tage.
Joseph R. Foard opposed 'the general
subsidy plan, but recommended liberal
mail Contracts, amended navigation
laws and a builders or owners bonus
of 50 per cent in cash upon the com
missioning of ships completed within
two years after the passage of the act,
and diminishing at the rate of 5 per
cent a year down to nothing at the
.end of ten years.
Grocer Fleeing From a Sum
mons Server Is Halted
by Stranger With a "Gun"
President of the Atlantic
Transport Company Gives
His Views to Commission
Eight'Deputy SherifT.3, under the di
rection of Jesse Galland, moved the
household effects from the residence of
Dr. B. F. Fleming at 2103 Pine street
yesterday. Fleming owes M. O. Sykes
$210 for rent and Sykes obtained the
order of eviction from the Superior
Court. Galland requested Fleming,
who lives with hl3 mother and three
sisters, to have the property taken out
by the noon hour, but when this re
quest was not complied with the
Deputy Sheriffs went to work and the
contents of the house were placed on
the sidewalk.
Fleming's Rent Overdue.
PREFERS JURY
DUTY TO DEATH
BAKER FAVORS
SHIP SUBSIDY
M. Wolfe, inspector of police of
Boston, Mass., arrived in the city yes
terday morning and called at police
headquarters. He is here to take back
Everett Abbott, defaulting vice pres
ident and cashier of the American
Marine Transportation Company, who
was arrested at Market and Powell
streets about two weeks ago by De
tective Ed Gibson.
After taking his sudden departure
from Boston Abbott went to Mextco
and came to this city a few days prior
to his arrest. He claimed at the time
that he was not responsible for the
deficiency in his accounts and blamed
others. The deficiency amounts to
$105,000. It was- all taken within two
months and the belief Is that Abbott
could not have exDended such a large
amount in that time and that most of
it must be hidden somewhere. . ¦ •
The inspector will leave with his
prisoner on Tuesday.
Inspector *M. Wolfe Says Everett Ab
bott's Defalcations Will Reach
Total of 3105,000.
ARRIVES TO TAKE RACK
ABSCONDER FROM BOSTON
The Grand Jury yesterday forward
ed to the Board of Supervisors Its re
port on the Fire Department. The in
quisitorial body found that with very
few exceptions most urgent repairs
and alterations are needed in the dif
ferent flre engine houses. The Instal
lation of an auxiliary salt water sys
tem is favored and the following ex
cerpt relates to the imperative need
of better fire protection throughout
the city:
"Larger mains and hydrants are
needed in many portions of the city.
A great number of five and six story
buildings have been erected in the
most exposed portions and known as
the "boarding-house district," notably
on Pine street, from Stockton to Jones.
The water main on Pine street is but
six inches in diameter and the pres
sure only thirty-five pounds to the
square inch, not enough to supply the
companies responding to first alarms
of fire. In the factory district on Bry
nnt street, from Fourth to Ninth, a
similar condition exists. Rlncon Hill
is practically unprotected. At Sutter
and Gough streets there are two large
hotels and the Lowell High School,
with a main but pIx inches in diam
eter. There is a lack of hydrants in
the thickly populated portions of the
city and the recommendation of the
Chief Engineer for 300 additional hy
drants is highly commended."
Declares That Larger Mains and Hy
drants Aro Xecdcd in Many Por
tions of the Citj\
GRAND JURY ADVOCATES
BETTER FIRE PROTECTION
A short time after the admittance of
the will Charles P. Brundage, nephew
of the deceased, who had cared for
Sweeney during the last few months
of his fife, claimed the entire estate.
He based his claim on a deed made by
: Sweeney a few weeks befo-re his death.
This doed conveyed to Brundase all
tbe realty left by the deceased. Brun
dage al£o produced a bill of pale of the
personal property of the deceased made
cut in favor of the claimant and signed
by Eweeiwy. Brundage's claims were
opposed, by the trust company and by
Sweeney's rplatives. Brundage. there
fore, filed salts to- quiet title to the
realty and to settle the dispute over
the personal property. These suits
"*ievc-r came to a final determination in
the courts, for they were compromised,
Brundage agreeing to dismiss them all
prrAMding the defendants would waive
all claim to the realty and content
themsf-lves with the personal property,
which was valued at about $31,00*. The
rornpromipe was effected and the
Sweeney estate peemed in a fair way
to be settled when tho Park Commis
sioners commenced their action to set
aside the compromise. This action was
fallowed by the filing of similar actions
by thp Lanes and Mrs. Clark. The ac
tions were all combined and were pros
ecuted in Judge BeawelTfl court, the
trSal lasting several weeks.
Thomas U. Sweeney, a wealthy ec
rentrlc, one of whose hobbies was the
Improvement of Golden Gate Park,
dl^d in January. 1900. Shortly after
his dtath his will, which doviFod his
to trrc Brurdage family and
''ther relatives, «'harles C Lane, his
brother-in-law, William Lane, the lat
nr's son, and Lucy Clark, the de
redenfs sister, and many charitable
Institutions, and also devised to the
I'arjt Commissioners two blocks f>{ land
to be used for the completion of the
Panorama building, was admitted to
pmbatfs. Th^ California Title Insur
r.nco and Trust Company was named
:;?_rxerutor of the will.
.' NFI'UFW CLAIMS ESTATE.
This lack of proof was also held to
be .evident in the cases of Charles C.
L>ane. William E. Lane and Lucy
Clark, relatives of Sweeney, who. In
suits commenced a few days after the
action brought by the Park Commis
sioners, prayed, as did the commis
sioners, thnt the compromise be set
aside and that they be declared to have
a larger interest in the estate than
they obtained through the compromise,
namely, an interest in personal prop
erty worth $31,000. Judge Seawell de
cided all the cases from the bench. In
dcJng so he said:
"This court finds that Thomas U.
Sweeney was able to manage his af
fairs, was capable of understanding
the nature of his deed to Brundage
and was not unduly influenced to exe
cute the sam°. It is ordered that judg
ment be entered for the defendants."
LtANES DEFEATi:i>.
The Panorama building on Straw
berry Hill in Golden Gate Park will
remain uncompleted if the Park Ccnn
mlsslonf-rs are dependent upon the es
t»je cf Thomas U. Sweeney for funds
to do the work. Judge Seawell de
cided yesterday that the Park Com
.xnissicners have no claim upon two
blocks cf land on K Btreet. between
Seventh an<5 Ninth avenues, devised to
•them in Sweeney's will, to be used for
•the -completion of the Panorama build
ing, the erection of which was begun
during th« testator's lifetime. The
court holds that the Park Commis
sioners failed to prove that the gift
deed made by Sweeney during the last
few weeks of his life, which trans
ferred to Charles S. Brundage. his
nephew, all the property devised in the
will, .had been obtained by fraud and
trndu* influence on the part of Brun
fiage. They also failed to prove that
the compromise effected by Brundage
vrjth the California Title Insurance and
TYust Company of his suit for his
uncle's estato was a compromise due
to lack of proper care and diligence
on -the part of the trust company as
executor of Sweeney's v.-ill. Again
they failed to pi^ove that Sweeney was
in his dotaje at the Hire the deed was
made ar,d that he was Incapable of
knowing the true import of the deed.
Judge de Haven, with a freezing
glance at the unfortunate representa
tive of the District Attorney, remarked
that he wished it to be understood dis
tinctly that when a defendant pleaded
guilty in his court he, the Judge, felt
surer that he was not doing an injus
tice in Imposing sentence than he
would In a case where a conviction had
been had by a Jury. When a man
pleaded guilty the court was sure of
his guilt and that he was deserving of
punishment. The fact that the prison
er had pleaded guilty would not have
any weight with the Judge or Induce
him to make the punishment one whit
lighter.
These remarks of the court discon
certed the prisoner and he was allowed
to change his plea to that of net guil
ty. June 1 was eet as the day for the
triaL
A brother of Minter had informed
the District Attorney that Robert was
not mentally or morally responsible
for his actions and that the defendant
had been a patient in an insane asy
lum for Borne time.
Persons who may plead guilty here
after In the United States District
Court need expect no leniency on that
account. They will be sentenced to as
severe punishment as though they had
been convicted by the verdict of a
Jury.
Such was the purport of an an
nouncement made yesterday by Judge
de Haven when Robert Minter, alias
Robert John, came up for sentence an
his plea of guilty to a charge that he
had made use of the postoffice with in
tent to swindle the credulous by prom
ises of employment at ten dollars per
week to his correspondents. On being
asked whether he had anything to say
why sentence should not be pronounced
ag-ainst him, Minter said that he waa
only technically guilty, but had pleaded
guilty after consultation with the Dis
trict Attorney and the Postofflce In
spector, with the expectation that be
cause of such plea his sentence would
not be made severe.
Robert Minter Is Allowed
to Change Plea to "Not
Guilty" and Held for Trial
Decision Destroys Claim of
Park Commissioners to
. Valuable Blocks of Land
BRUXDAGE GETS ESTATE
COURT WILL NOT MELT
Court Holds That Wealthy
Eccentric Was Capable
of 3Iana<riii£ His Affairs
Judge de Haven Eemoves a
Popular Misconception Re
garding His Sentences
SWEENY'S DEED
IS SUSTAINED
GUILTY PLEAS
NOT AVAILING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1904:
29
Apartments and rooms In all
portions of the city adrertlsed.
If It Is a QUESTION OF LO-
CALITY with you, consult our
TO LET COLUMNS. i
JOE ROSENBERG'S. — JOE ROSENBERG'S. r- : :t JOE ROSENBERG'S. — JOE ROSENBERG'S. _ JOE ROSENBERG'S.
*^f^wf — -_ * j£Ai AOB^. * I f\ 7\ I f\ • A / H S! 1 £% U f W% «^
y >4, \ / ****** *^ -5 I ¦ ¦¦ I long ad. In the newspaper an Indlca-
/fxVX *T*t 1 TT* C* r\ A\/ ~ RILE YOUR CLAIM u ?" of trie true value of the articles
i^^^fcv fill \ f.\ 1 *>r - FOR SO/WE OF 7 THESE n ? rc arc a re w offerings, and you'll
|f/|3p||jI|gV 1 U>a/ j<W ¦* %%^ XJS * * ¦ <ind we have many more.
JhS?^ Y /^ What About a Shirt <'y/° v t" la^B Here's Some Underwear lor .\0 PREMIUMS.
WF\ \ /CLOSE D\ Waist Suit (MffaWti the Little Ones. mihuf^/SSoth «t>
Bpfcf )_, i \ / \ POB SUMMEK WEAR? \£S {/ rf here's one of Q OO d Kind and »t the Price Cut- IVIUNCT O WUKIn OK
«ii s>SQ \ /AIL ft \ Hcre are some that n h f m ' enprtn ter> " Way of BeVUn *' • M0\EY BACK
>^m^\ )i I iVnLJ/ 1^ I J of English lawn, bell cd double wovcn flnger pair no« A garment -25c
I v^3L5lM J *\ I ' i cut skirt tucked and V OVM " CKII.DSEN'S TIOHTS— Alade of je tt r . C*.,- " M «„-.,,
I >W*«L\x /\ Uim / hemstitched; regular M*t~. rt C«l? TJrAii^in* Cnyvot s<?a Island thread, fast black. Jersey H XOV KjUTZ 10 iaVC inOnCy
\ T^SL i A/y\± '±1 walking length; waist is l^CIilO JK11-I\CUUL1I1J) lUr^ei. kntt, elastic or snug fitting: tor?, ankle 1If ladies' MUSUN UHDEBWEAB
«k \m^ /v'j \. ,- ' '"sf tucked and hemstitched, . The newest flgura length; just the garment for country BEAD
JHV X * *./ H %£ Hi i i<\ VSV with detach a b le collar builder. Hip spring wear. Price 50c INDIES' ' COSSET COV-
f^W^ f \/\\ Mv n ™*r rUrs for BB-J^Mi jul, ,ss. jssssm M\ a^«^|
l2*V— nmtlSWfSl. Ll\l^\ U\\I4\ Summer In tne sides of thls corset gives torfV§Syl\*l made of vegetable sub- O^/W T,;J e n-—. 1 "' 2 , 0
JS&SafiiSlwi S \\li\ 1 \ \"ju\ w ttf,.. the effect of th0 ful1 hJ P t0 the 6*\1& % stance, nainsook covered. HT-T ,,V LAS " :S OOWHS— Made
%2i)$M§\W8k fflf «« TO» W farv effect tn^orl the /beading; boned throughout with duality. It fits snusly under the arms. P r i. c • '••• •^X^WWllv U
WMyggy/ JVgSKa W "8aa \x%! Vf' , , , . , ' tailor- aluminoid boninp. wliich is rust proof shoulders and front Small lnrco and IiADIES 1 QOX7T13 — Made _
KyWlffy W yff 1! W r tl i? h t rtt , abBand8(lani! ' 1 r.nrt unhrrakaWc. Those who have medium g '»v in on* nrice Vop of Improved Lonsdale cam-
'^UlilV/^^^ft M habit back and trimmed had their corsets mado to order medium s.zes. all one price ol>c brlc> elaborate i y trimmed jj-. Vf
l»UlW«^feKP'*3i l a .. wlth lnr *° l>of*rl but- wo would like to inspect these. ir , t n .,i yoke, with iucks. cmbroid- , » cfcftr*
I^^IpI^ *P? Our Mlndl tons - rrlcP 81.50 Warranted and fitted. Price. . .81.50 VClVel KlDDOn ery insertion and finished fftM*Ji3{
BlfamiSS W and "UTio- CU«««-«o "S 7;il T II \T ,r i Ia to Greater D.manil than Ev.r for Ti\} h Sy.™?}?**,'™ 1 ?^:
W§m**& f Thought. Wise Shoppers Will Tell You Compare Valves nr... Trimming, and axuimery wouia cost y ™um!r e than iKnim
iffl Eg ' «, re That tha Price Cutter'. X. the Place «_,, - ny ,m «~a ?>,»* «*• Purpo.es. w aglc for th KOWn com . lull •* B
VlJ& 1 «£l? ayB t0 Bu y l»ai«»* «i«i Chllflren's , I^? . - Wldth Xo - 1^- aatin back - ful1 na P plete. Our price OOo
/ il rTFkXKP With You Underwear. fl*> Price Cutter 1b never under- (imported kind) ; in pinK. blue, green. v v " uu
/ %'£3T liADXES' VESTS-Lov/ neck and no &9 Boia for •»"» valnes - ¥? r i in &™ d f™ &Ck - whlte ' etC ' £?£ LndlCS
I JUSJ^ W f K * • Bleeves, Swiss ribbed and new open- -> \ A LA PAKISIENWE, > ard P lece for 50c 1-aulW.
1^0 »«iecrinBT work lace effect, deep yoke of Point fM^ T) Thft „-__ V mnir« r-nraet »m- «= h»-j w^ i_l %t i HAVE YOX7 SESH TSE ZTSW STTTXT
' °°° A *- ?e Paris lace; neck and nrmhole. fin- FpzM M J d h e 6 O f S a«n^ P ribbonl 7 ThC EVCr TlfJy Rl/bfacr NCCk. WAIST EXTEXTDEa?
T n s • * » • Jshed with beading with ribbon drawn |Vg|^\ inches in back, with a 9- «¦ tha Kaw Invention of a Patent J5V» Made of mrnt welgnt »om-
rf^. 0 w PI Lac l, S sertIon T ™,™\ ¦^ht.-iS \\m\ B &31 -ssusss • " Mt w ss .rssswnasrtfi
5f f?u' V ** °7 ttto^teTT par- .TO of English lislp, jersey iU X) with a large satin ribbon BACK COMB AWD BCAXS KETAXH- AX. arms and over the bust, and
pose.. The Languedoc or Point do J^v ribbed, tight fitting tops ' \A -/r bow. In pink, blue, white ER— It expands straight; after catch- JBfiPn Rive tho new full effect
< > u. 1 niPdall ' on - serpentine and &fj$ with draw string, umbrella and black. Price. :.. ..">Oe ing the stray hairs it curves to th« fcSj* \ which is s> much desired
«! r ? j u B ? p f att ,f rn *- - In A " bian 1*<S shape, trlmnied with a 3- . i, Pa d; after using one you would not \&Jf)J by the up-to-date woman.
ySrd Tuesday ° r r« -W In^h rufilo or r , n ? , Tor- Don'tFor^Ct be without it. Price..: 25c ]2§>( Why not improve your
yara. luesaay -.Cc m chon lace; easily washed, no wuu l * u * fc^ 1 v^^ form when you can buy
uf starching or ironing needed. Xf you are looking- for an np-to-date fc .^A fc . pa fmnte on o of these for 23c
lOr Tncto-ifl nf 95/* Xk Just ihn - P ar ment fi>r tho "Jelt for your new Bpring- dr«s. that £$!§?£«? CCI115.
IUC Ill^ltUU Ol CJZ. « Fuinmw wenr. Price. . .,"»Oc we have just received a complete ai- "KCTK? T,,«f r -,p»iv.^ .„.,,,,, 1n . „« Vnontrnn Tfm/» Ix/tll Caah
B1ACK VAI.EHCIEHNES 1ACE- I.ADIES' VESTS (The JJ" C cortment. P <PT those'^OcilE 5lOCM dl- VaCallOIl lUllC WlU
Half to one incli wide, good pearl Merode make)— Hiirh neck CN^¥jmK57 Hpio's one. Made of extra heavy S^lJff rppt from Schwirtzwald r'oer- Be Here
edge, all new patterns. Marked to and long sleeves, mado black silk taffeta, new straight front CT^ m-inv) The?- a" made of „ „ *
close out, 12 yards for 1 <) c <>f velvet rtnished thread. buckle, trimmed with three rows of V^JnT ,™ ' Lv Jl m ,i w^h ivnrv Mothers. why not get a /r\
jersey knit, summer T^Ml gun-metal buttons. For Tuesday. f\ •- S*"5; ca "* d To^ PEBRIS OB ritEEDOSI f3
f- .s TBB pbop=» 8 oap E » \£&%~§£\r €M Totally Dttlerent f\ ?2%iZ2S&£$gS.'3& SMTSmfii Z2? . f «52S W
HOW. tine toDsankie length To Other. You'll Find Our ladle.' n_. flnil,,- able bone buttons attached Wf
Here's some made of all- p rl ce \ garment Mp Neckwear In Style and Price. UnCUOliar. with patent tape, adjustable II
silk chiffon, full eighteen t.au'ijCS' " VESTS— Made of i™ BTTSTEK SHOWN COLLARS (For LADIES' PETTICOAT — Mado of shoulder straps. In white or J-"*
inches wide, chenilll and Vega silk high nrck and Ions leeC ladies ) -Made of^ fancy white .open- fast black mercerized sateen, with a drab. All sizes 25c
embroidery dotted. In blue, Swfgsr bbed Tights Tto match' smig work lawn, trimmed with three rows deep flounce trimmed with three ruf-
; brown and black and the nuing tops and ankle length; in plnk^ °T colored washable braid, whip- fles and finished with four rows of Sample Lme Ol India SllK
new shade of green. Prica blue white cream and black stitched, new pointed back, square tailor-stitched bands. Full wiatn, an • _ f .
J 25e ' A garment si OO fr °nt effect; in pink, blue and white, lengths; nothing skimped about these, WOISlS.
_. . - 2, \ ••¦••••••••• • Price . .... . . •••;•••• 25c except the price 81.00 Made of h wash silk >om . h
Here Arc Some Extra Fine Ladies' Hose. oS^^gT^uJffSEVSS. For the Men FolR. ? r !n, c m e e d d c r£ e U?L^ll
Wash VeilS. POTCES w^ JS^ 1101 SO lWiZtfT& X ffi Z£r*SS5? l ?& nJurinnumn-H*** of white ffin%::"ikrK e B\ n .hSHi^ d M ot £S
Priced low. Made of fine wash net. *" of y^l^ WS- ™ ; S/1^ hemstitched fancy^tock collar,; in 3. and 33. Note
with handmade Battenberg lace bor- J^vCTJ surnmtr weight, gauze — < C ?? ra Waf«t« Mtnnt. tm^« •»> •> —
tot £? ill Inches long - Instea^° c f J$R$ do^dye'^lfbie 1^ 8 - t \ Different i4:oJwSS;sssKSri"::fe:?K
-° C (PS^t "** Bpliced° U he e els SO Hn 6 d IftP P§ A A V ft| W I- ft fl 1 Touil find our LADIES' WRAPPEB3. * |-Jg Wa£g. sample price. .|3.05
Th/- frn-r/. nf ih* Hnun " >f^. «' xtr:i l r '»R. full MIL U fll Vb Rs SIL Lll 1 They are made of extra heavy colored $6.50 Waists, sample price. .g4.i:5
mC LraZe Ol tnC nOlir. m^ /> size. Wholesale price Jlir nillirS«nrnll percale, in blue, black and red stripes;
SKELETON GIXiSLB iKy// * 4 - 00 a dozen. Tuesday's 'Wt llVVhllUliillU ruffles* over the shoulders, with two 1/C UlSlead 01 25C.
<^*m\&j^ OR BELT rOUIfDA- 0s* » )licc * Pair Tlir nninr nilTTrn rows of fancy braid trimrnlnKs; deep An Of] ,, lnt nf eheBOIDEKIES
"ON — Mp.do of real ff LOT TWO— Made of THF PR I C E ~ C UTTER flounce and tght-fltting lining. At the that cam< , our wa *
whalebone and covered ' real Maco cotton, rno- IIM " IIIIUl - UUIIL.II p ricc Cutter's .Sl.OO pricf> _ and you .j, t f, !nk KO wh^ n you
"fe&ffi^Jfj^a with French crinoline; ilium wniglit. fast black, full finished. n.n u* r l/3t C* II n'Cormll C* Q fpnt^ sor ' t}lL¥r "- Eight Inches wide, m;ide
usert fnr i aokotf! . dresses white .soles. Just tho stocking for 010 n;Uil\Cl Oil II U raireil ill ' VCillJ. o f f mo lawn, in the newest Swiss
and under sash ribbons, summer wear, or soft and tender feet. / NOBMARDY LACE, In coral, vine open work pattern*, all pearl edge.
JRS In -white and black. Instead of 3Bc. to make Tuesday a busy MAIS ORDERS SOLICITED. and leaf designs, from 2 to 5 inches Many patterns to choose "from.
' Price .15c day, price will be ii5c I J wide. Tuesday yard 17c
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ : 'y;\
uBiliw^ WmmS 4*R9d TTUSiO RHAID -
• BUSS MARMAEA HENRY, FLORENCE KUSSELL,
5036 Forrcstvlllo Are., CHICAGO. Age C y««rt,
Miss Henry Bays: "Defore I be<ran using Danderino 215 Mohawk Street, CHICAGO. . MISS SELMA IIAS3EIX.
,my hair waBfallln? out In irreat bandsful. and I am Slne« It has become centrally known ,--»„ ,*«._». .,. ~ _» rnirinn
pleased to say that Danderino not only stopped it at that Danderino causes hair to rrow Just 37*8 riortu 4»d Court, bUitAUD.
once, but has made my hair grow more than twice as abundantly on tha heads of children as -¦ . -¦
as Ions aa It ever was." . " it docs on those of matured persons, many Miss Bassel says: "My hair would not
Mrs. Eloise Athorton, Little Rock, Ark., says: "It truly marvelous cases are comln* to our reach below my waist when I began, uainf
Is 6urcly remarltablo tho way Danderlne Improves notice. Little Miss Russell. whone photo- your DanJerine. It was also faded and split-
thohair. It has mado my hair erow ten Inches long- graph appears above, is certainly one of J.__ ., .«,_ __j_ «'n» it i« ov«r 1U feet
er in five months and it Is pctUnj thicker and longer tho remarkable ones. Her beautiful hair " ns at the ends. JSow it is ov«r >H ieo»
all tho time. I bcliovo in ptyinj praise whero It is Is over thirty Inches lony and her mother J 00 *" tb»a " e* 0 * was and It haa re^ea
duo, and you can us© my name aa reference if you Bavs that "DANDEttlNB QBEW EVERY Us orijinal rich blond color. I used the tonio
bo desire.", . / BIT OF IT." about four months all together.' ,
DANDERINE is to tho hair what fresh Bhowera of rain and sunshine aro to vegetation. It goes right to ! tho
roots, invigorates and strengthens them. Its exhilarating, fertilizing and life-producing properties cause the haiy to
grow abundantly long, Btron? and beautiful -IT IS THE NATURAL FOOD OF THE HAIR, SCIENTIFICALLY
CHARGED WITH NEW AND GENUINE LIFE-PRODUCING ESSENCES UNHEARD OF DY OTHER
MAKERS OF HAIR TONIC. NOW at all druggists in three sizes, 2S cents, 50 cents and $1.00 per bottle.
P B C C To shnVf bow quickly Dnnd mmlnm acts, wo will send a large sample free by return mail to anyans who sends thli advertisement
B n C£i to the Knowlton Danderin* Co., CMcasro, with their nama and eddress and ten cents In silver or stamps to pay postage.
SS5R S A i¥ EB A D N^Y REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M Two Millions a Month Hk
m Price 25 Cents Each 11
gj| Best Record* for Use oa All Types o! Cylinder Talk!n«. Machines HI
€» GRAND PRIZE, PARtS. 1503 gjl
'gj Cylinder UatUots from $.4 to 1100. Dae Uichifttt from U5 lo $65. jpa
9M Stud lor l-rtt Cataiof* ~«=5aj
" -. 1 ro« SALS »T (.CALEBS ETX&TWUIIS AITD 8T T«B ijllj
H COLUMBIA PMONOORAPH COMPANY OENCRAL 31
l§a Jimalaelurir.e Htadquerten cf Disc »r>d Cylinder Talking *S;M
Sj^A KachioetaadReccrdilortte Wwitf. p3iMby George W. Chad wick, and the
Chopin "Funeral March," played as an
organ solo by Mr. King.
The service lasts just one hour and
the public Is cordially Invited.
Rev. E. A. Ross, the evangelist, will
preach at Peniel Mission Hall, north
west corner of Pine and Kearny
streets, on Monday, April 30, at 8 p. m.
Dedication services will be held in
the West Side Christian Church to
day, as follows: . 9:15. a. m., Sunday
school; 10:30 a. m., Lord's supper and
sermon; 2:30, dedicatory service with
sermon by A. M. Elston; 6:15 p. m.,
union C. E. praise service; 7:45 p. m.,
congratulatory and evangelistic ser
vice with sermon by Frank Stuart
Ford. Special music throughout the
day. The church choir will be assist-'
ed by the Knickerbocker quartet and
the First Consrregational choir.
Some women sweeten their tea with
gossip instead of sugar.
The Board of Examiners Is com
posed of the following named: Dr. C.
A. Herrick of Jackson, president; Dr.
Fred G. Baird of San? Francisce, sec
retary; Dr. J. M. Dunn of Oakland,
treasurer; Dr. G. E. Schillig of Marys
ville, Dr. H. R. Harbison of San Di
ego, Dr. F. R. Cunningham of Los
Angeles and Dr. Russell H. k Cool of
San Francisco.
Last Tuesday Professor J. William
son of the dental department of the
University of California was presented
with an elaborate silver smoking set
by the members of the senior class of
the college. The presentation was
made by G. D. O'Connell.
George Wing, Illtred W./Letcher,
Robert E. Farley, Albert T. Gruttner,
Carl H. Schultz, Leon H. Marks,
George B. Yount, R. W." Rule, Walter
J. Chase, A. M. Splnks, J. E Wei
der, Guy Bennett, Harry C. Mentz, G.
E. Rawlins, Shirley J. Ashley, Joseph
P. Clarke, E. L. Dornberger, George
V. McLoifghlin, Edward M. Alsberge,
Louis C. Heller, Rudolph J. Blauer,
Thomas. R. E. Keys, Albert Brown,
Ernest Badgley, Clifford W. Scott, Al
bert E. Kline, Charles C. Lane, Louis
C. Pegot, Croxton L. Rion, T. F.
Simms, Charles V. Doll, Carlton E.
Rhodes, George E. Minahen, F. G.
Rees, Victor J. Vecki, Julia Baciga
lupi, Albert R. Steinwand, Rufus F.
McFarlin, G. C. Burbank, E. E. Blos
ser, Arthur G. Kelly, Frank E. Ro
dolph, G. A. Yant.R. R. Castle, Roy
Moore, Lew E. -Wallace, Albert M.
Dinsmore, Caleb W. McKinney, Lewis
T. Corwin, Ethan W. Scott, John C.
Smith, Herbert G. Moore, Fred L.
Dungan, Frank Rohner, George F.
McDaniel, Seymour C. Davis, Clarence
J. Frederick, Minot E. Scott, Fred W.
Elsworthy, Louis Graham, Edward J.
Howard, Ernest K. Peters, . William
McK. Walton, Arthur W. Sobey, Wil
helm J. Fleckenstein, P. M. Wlulle
mln. T. B. Callaghan, L. S. Irgens and
J. E. Mlddleton.
Sixty-nine new doctors of dental
surgery have been added to the small
army of California practitioners that
battle with the aches and pains that
throb through the maxillary bones of
an afflicted people. The State Board
of Dental Examiners held written ex
aminations for applicants for certif
icates last Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday at the College of Physi
cians and Surgeons and practical ex
amination at the University of Cali
fornia Infirmary, Taylor and Market
streets. ' The perusal of the examina
tion papers was concluded yesterday
and the announcement made that the
following named had successfully
passed through the ordeal:
State Board of Examiners Announces
List of Successful Applicants for
Permission to Practice.
In recognition of the fact that. Mon
day is Memorial day, 'several of the
musical selections will be appropriate
to that occasion, among them the
beautiful duet for soprano and alto
from Verdi's celebrated "Requiem";
the anthem, "Hark! Hark! My Soul!"
Appropriate muslo [n honor of the
heroes of the Civil War will be given
at the Plymouth Congregational
Church this evening.
In i>ltu:e of the usual evening ser
vlco another vesper service, such as
wiih so Hiioeessfully given last Sunday,
will be held at the First Congrega
tional Church this evening at 5
o'clock. » There will be no sermon, the
service consisting almost entirely of
musical selections by the full chorus
choir of fifty voices and soloists, with
some brief devotional exercises. At
this service the choir will be assisted
by Miss Helen Dunham Sutphen, a
talented young violinist of Alameda,
who will play "The Romance" from
the Second Concerto by Wleniawskl,
with organ accompaniment by Mr.
King," and also the violin obligato to
the Bach-Gounod "Ave Maria," sung
by Mrs. Grace Davis Northrup and the
chorus choir. .
A meeting for men only will be held
In the auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian Association this afternoon lit
3 o'clock. There is no more Inspiring
meeting in the city than this meet
ing, 'which is alwnys well attended. At
2:50 o'clock the Robson Ori'lirstrn will
give a concert. Mrn. rnrttngton and
Miss Hucsey will alntr a duet. Thq ad
dress of the day will be given by 11.
n. Wllcox, who Ih tho secretnry for the
State of California.
Memorial services will be held this
evening at the Grace Methodist Epis
copal Church, corner Twenty-first and
Capp streets. A patriotic musical
service will be conducted by Robert
Husband, assisted by the chorus choir.
Some of the old songs which stirred
men's hearts a generation ago will be
sung. The George H. Thomas Post
Xo. 2 will attend in a body. The
church has been elaborately decorated
in the national colors. The pastor,
Rev. F. M. Larkin, will deliver an ad
dress.
The usual monthly service of song
will be held at the First Congrega
tional Church this evening. The ser
vices will be of a national character
and appropriate selections will be ren
dered by the choir. Samuel D. Mayer,
organist, Avill lead the choir and Rev.
Dr. Adams will deliver an address on
"The Responsibility of the Citizen."
Services at the First English Luth
eran Church will be as follows: Morn
ing, "The Brazen 'Serpent"; evening,
Memorial day service. Pastor, Rev. E.
Nelander.
Rev. Joseph Hickey will preach at
the 10:30 o'clock mas3 this morning
in St. Ignatius Church. Rev. Joseph
Riordan will deliver the sermon at
vespers. The exercises of the month
win be concluded this evening with
the act of consecration.
Pastors Will Deliver Sermons on»Men
Who I,ost Their Lives Fichtlns
for Their Country.
Xgucn Liun's Case Continued.
The case of Nguen Lun, charged
with the murder of Tom Yick of the
Chinese Educational Society, which
was brought to an abrupt termination
on Wednesday owing to an alleged
attempt to bribe one of the jurors,
was called in Judge Lawlor's court
yesterday to be set for trial. By con
sent it was continued two weeks.
SIXTY-NINE DENTISTS
RECEIVE CERTIFICATES
SERVICES IN IIOXOR
OF THE NATION'S DEAD
As a mark of consideration and
honor the senior class of the Cogswell
Polytechnic College, graduating in
1905, tendered the class of 1904 a
dance last night at the college, Twen
ty-sixth and Folsom streets. George
B. Miller, president of the school, has
taken great interest in the welfare of
the school and planned the dance given
last night.
Dance at Cogswell's.
M". J, Hynes, administrator of the
estate of the late C. O/ Perry, is the
defendant in a suit brought yesterday
by John Coop. The action is to com
j>el Hyn.es, as administrator, to pur
chase from Coop 100 shares of stock
5n the Tonopah-Belmont Water Com
pany which Coop claims Perry agreed
to purchase from him a short time
prior to hi? death. The price of the
Ftock, according to Coop, was to have
been $2500.
Wants Money From Hrnes.
After a week of exercises the Irv
ing Institute at 2126 California street
has closed its graduating programme.
The pupils consider that they took the
proper course by opening the proceed
ings with a sermon delivered by Rev.
Mr. Weeden at St. Luke's Ch'urch
and concluding with the delivery and
acceptance of diplomas and an ad
dress by Right Rev. William Ford
Nichols, Bishop of California, at Gold
en Gate Hall. During the interval
there was a concert at Irving Insti
tute; senior class day, which was de
voted to essays and debates; a senior
class reception; an alumnae dinner at
the St. Francis iHotel, and the grad
uating exercises at Golden Gate Hall,
where David Starr Jordan addressed
the pupils.
Commencement at Irving:.
Mrs. Bertha Rosenberg, whose mar
riage to Morris Rosenberg was an
nulled on complaint of his fa'ther.
George Rosenberg, on the ground that
when It was performed his son was
not of age. secured a new trial of the
annulment proceedings *n Judge Sea
well's court yesterday. The Rosen
bergs have been In court for a num
ber of years. In addition to the an
nulment proceedings they are Inter
ested in a suit for $50,000 damages
brought by young Rosenberg- against
Mrs. Emily Goldberg. In this action
he claims that he was pecuniarily
damaged through Mrs. Goldberg's
failure to pay him 550,000 for con
senting to become the husband of Ber
tha, her niece, the defendant in the
annulment suit.
Mrs. Rosenberg Gets Xew Trial.
Xrxt Tuesday, at 30 a. m., one of the
preatest fales will take place at Baron's
Cloak find Suit House which was ever
knoTvn in this city. Thirty thousand dol
lars" worth of sample suits were bought
by Mr. Baron for cash from one of the
largest f.ictnrirs in N>w York. The same
will be Fold for such low prices as
were never heard of In this city. Sale
will commence next Tuesday, 1*0 a. m.
On account of the low prices an extra
'•harjte will be maiie on alterations at
Baron's Cloak and Suit House, 762 Mar
ket st. " •
$30,000 ladies* Tailor Stilts.
The tent city at "New" Santa Crui. will
rive Joy to thousands. It la well drained,
las every conrenience, and Its attractloni In
clude mammoth casino and baths, pleasure
pier, surf bathtn?, novel water sports, boating
fishing, datly military concerts, nightly dances",
fine blr tr<>« and beach drive*, and perfect
climate. For special exeureion rates through
June, July, Aurust and September ask South
ern Pacific agents. * •
A Wonderful Tent City.
Charles E. Ertz of Xew York, who
was prominently identified with the
organization of £he United Breweries
in this city, arrived at the St. Francis
yesterday.
Colonel Z. S. Spalding, the well
known capitalist of Hawaii, and wife,
who have Just returned from Rome,
are guests at the St. Francis. They
are on their way to Honolulu.
Mrs. Richard Clover, wife ot Com
mander Clover of the navy, arrived
from Washington yesterday and is at
the St. Francis. She is returning to
her summer home at Cloverdale.
General Manager Markham, Man
ager Agler, Freight Traffic Manager
Sproule and Passenger Traffic Man
ager Fee of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, who have been making a tour
of inspection of the lines north of
San Francisco, returned yesterday.
P. Wieleman, proprietor of one of
the largest hotels in Brussels, Belgium,
Is at the St. Francis.
Captain H. R. Robertson of Port
land, a pioneer in the log raft business,
is registered at the Palace.
State Printer W. .W. Shannon and
wife arrived from Sacramento last
evening and are registered at the Lick.
R. B. Burns, chief engineer of the
Santa Fe's Western system, is up from
Los Angeles and is staying at the Pal
ace.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, is at the
Palace.
J. H. Schively, a capitalist of Olym
pia, is at the Palace.
Victor H. Woods, State Surveyor
General, Is at the Lick.
Judge H. G. Strewe and daughter of
Seattle are at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. David Starr Jordan of
Palo Alto are at the St. Francis. ;.
-^ PERSONAL. MENTION.
The right cf the Citizens' Alliance
to use the label it has adopted has
been made the subject of a law
suit by the Typographical Union on
the gTound that the alliance label bears
a close resemblance to that of the
union. Yesterday Will J. French,
president of the San Francisco Typo
graphical Union Xo. 21, filed a suit
for en Injunction restraining the alli
ance from using a label that somewhat
resembles that used by the union
chops, and the presence of which on
prtnled matter Is an announcement
that the shop turning out the printed
matter Is a member of the alliance and
net subjected to union rules. The
similarity In the appearance of the
labels is rrhnt the union complains of.
the complaint alleging: that the new
device is so .r.ear the *orm of the old
that it is likely to deceive. In fact it
is alJ<\e:ed that it was adopted for the
sole purpose of deceiving the public.
The union also asks lor $5000 dam-
EfeF. claiming that by the use of the
label adopted by the alliance the union
has already suffered a pecuniary loss.
The case will be heard by Judge Sloss,
•who. when the complaint for the in
junction was presented to him. Issued
en order directing Herbert A. George,
manager of the alliance, and W. E.
Alexander, another official of the or
panization. tiho are the defendants In
the suit, to appear before him June 3
to show cause why the injunction
should not issue- as prayed for.
The charge is also made in the com
plaint that the alliance is a body hos
tile to the plaintiff and other union or
ffanlzatlor.s and Is organized to harass,
«nnoy end injure plaintiff and kindred
bodies.
Josephine Stobing wants a divorce
from William Stobing on the ground
of cruelty. She says he has abused
her. The Stobings were married In
1SS8 and have eight children.
Five years ago Bertha E. and Mi
chael Hannan were married. For a
time their married life was a happy
one. Then came disagreements. Ac
cording to the complaint for divorce
filed yesterday by Mrs. Hannan, these
disagreements increased in number
until finally her husband, tiring of
their wordy wars, took to using his flsts.
She says he used them with such ef
fect that on many occasions he left
her black and blue, and then, to make
matters worse,- called her all sorts of
vile names. This sort of treatment con
tinued, she adds, until April 28 of this
year, when he deserted her, leaving
her penniless.
Emma Carder wants a divorce from
Charles H. Carder on the ground or
desertion. They were married at Oak
land in 1900.
Emilia Rossi is seeking a divorce
from Caesar Rossi, to whom she waa
married at the town of Cuneo, Pied
mont, Italy, in April, 1899. She
charges at Rossi, who at present is
in Italy, has not provided' for her or
their year-old child for twelve months.
She wants a divorce and $50 a month.
Cruelty is alleged in the complaint
for divorce filed by Marie Laferrere
against Xavier Laferrere, the plaintiff
charging that ever since their mar
riage the defendant has treated her in
a most brutal fashion.
Judge Seawell denied W. H. Smith
Jr. a divorce from Catrina Smith on
the ground of cruelty. Smith failed
to prove his charges.
The concert by the pupils of the Den
man School for the benefit of the
teachers' annuity fund "was given at
the Alhambra Theater yesterday after
noon. The audience was largeand re
sponded to the efforts of the young
people with much applause. The pro
gramme, which was rendered by girls
of eight grades, was excellent, consist
ing of only high-class music and re
flecting much credit on Miss Estelle
Carpenter, superlntendenLof music in
the public schools, and A. L. Mann,
principal of the Denman School, who
trained the pupils.
Little tots from the first grade sang
a lullaby and danced a mtnuet. Those
of tho second grade made their en
trance in a serpentine drill and were
perfect in "An April Child" and "Slum
ber Song." The third grade won favor
in "May Dance," a Polish song, and an
"Evening Prayer," prettily sung. The
fourth grade rendered a jolly school
song and a sea ballad. The, fifth grade
pupils sang "My Own. United States,'
and their tableaux and drill work was
worthy of more than special mention.
Miss Edna Shores and Miss Carrie San
ford of the same grade proved them
selves promising artists at the piano.
The girls of the sixth grade ac
quitted themselves well with a class
song. "Lilies Sweet," and two trios,
"The Silent Voice" and "Lead, Kindly
Light." The seventh grade contributed
three numbers to the programme,
opening with • Sousa's "Stars and
Stripes." Miss Dorothy Passmore, ac
companied by Miss Susan Pasmore on
the piano, played a cello solo, "Ber
ceuse," by Popper. The last number
was "Santa Lucia, Neapolitan." The
pupils of the eighth grade were on the
programme for five numbers and dis
played remarkable vocal training in
solo, part and chorus work. Their
voices seem to be cultivated naturally
and the shriek and exertion that some
times characterizes children's singing
was not noticed. The numbers were
Schubert's "Serenade," Mendelssohn's
"I Would That My Love," Vogrich's
"Love and Mirth," Pinsuti's "Wel
come, Pretty Primrose," and Wagner's
"Pilgrim Chorus," the last named ren
dered by one hundred voices.
Programme by the Pupjjs
of Eight Grades Eesponded
To With Much Applause
Says Her Spouse Used First
Harsh Words, Then Blows,
and Finally Deserted Her
Claims New Organization Is
Willfully Attempting to
Deceive Public at Large
SUES FOR INJUNCTION
SEEKS DIVOKCE DECREE
GIKLS SING AND PLAY-
Typographical Union Avers
Citizens' Alliance Has No
Bight to Use the Device
Bertha E. Hannan Alleges
That Her Life Has I3een
Spoiled by Her Husband
Scholars of Denman School
Give Musicale for the
Teachers' Annuity Fund
Miss Vera McCord, daughter of G. B.
McCord, of 447 Cole street, arrived last
evening from London, where she ha3
been for the last four years. She was
educated in Oakland and graduated in
Emerson College of Oratory in Boston.
She acted Manuela in "The President"
with Charles Hautry at the Prince of
Wales Theater, London; also Phyllis in
"When We Were Twenty-One" with
F. Owen Baxter, through England,
Ireland and Scotland, receiving flatter-*
Ing notices from the press everywhere.
Miss McCord will spend a few months
with her parents before returning to
the Continent.
On Friday, June 3, Miss Agnes Mur
phy will address the British and Amer
ican Union at their meeting in the
Academy of Sciences building. As a
sparkliner raconteur Miss Murphy is ac
quiring a vast reputation.
On Thursday Mrs. "William D. Mc-
Carthy of 2340 Vallejo street was hos
tess at a delightful bridge party in
honor of Miss Agnes Murphy and Miss
Aimee Moore, charming Londoners who
are visiting here.
On June 3, at 8 o'clock, the clever
little monologlst, Miss Lorena E. Hall,
will give a recital at Century Hall,
when her most promising pupils will
assist her.
At a tea given by Mrs. Thomas W.
Jlivers yesterday at her residence, 83S
Hayes street, in honor of her daughter.
Miss Marie Adam, the latter's engage
ment to Clarence E. Musto was for
mally announced. / A large number of
friends of the young couple were pres
ent to offer congratulations.
Miss Adam is a beautiful girl and is
always exquisitely gowned. She is a
recent* graduate of the Dominican con
vent and an accomplished musician.
She is the step-daughter of T. TV. Riv
ers, the capitalist, well known in bank
ing and real estate circles. Clarence
E. Musto is a member of the firm of
Joseph Musto & Son" and is held in
high esteem in business and social
circles. The day of the wedding has
not been set, but it will accur some
time during the summer.
CUPID MAKES
A POOR MATCH
YOUNG VOICES
IN A CONCERT
PROMINENT
YOUNG PEOPLE
BETROTHED
STARTS FIGHT
OVER A LABEL
i - ¦¦.-.¦>:¦'
/THE SAN FRAXCISeO CALL', SUNDAY;- MAY 29, 1904.
The navv transport Solace, Captain
Bull in command, arrived yesterday at
Honolulu. 'She is on. her way to the
Orient with stores, officers and men for
the Asiatic squadron and the Guam
and Cavite naval stations.
Solace at Honolulu.
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lYllSS /\J£llC3 ITIHIvi y til,
Chicago, speaks to young women
about dangers of the Menstrual
Period.
"To Yotnra Womeit : — I suffered for
eix years with dysmenorrhea (painful
periods), so much so that 1 dreaded
every month, as I knew it meant three
or four days of intense pain. Tho
doctor said this was duo to an inflamed
condition of the uterine appendages
caused by repeated and neglected colds.
"If youngf girls only realized how
dangerous it is to take cold at thin
critical time, much suffcrinff would bo
spared them. Thank God lor Lydla
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, that was the dnly medicine
which helped me any. Within three
weeks after I started to tako it, I
noticed a marked improrement in my
general health, and at thejbime i of my
next monthly period tho pain had
diminished considerably. I kept up
the treatment, and was cured a month
later. N I am like another person since.
I am in perfect health, my. eyes are
brighter, I have added 12 pounds to my
'weight, my color is good, and I feel
1 i ght and happy. M — Miss Agnes Miller,
25 Potomac Ave., Chicago; III. — $6000
forfeit If original of above letter proving genulne-
, neat cannot be produced.
The monthly sickness reflects
the condition of a woman's
health. Anything unusual at
that time should have' prompt
and * proper attention. # ' *
The Great Pommer=EiIers Piano
Event of the Spring Season
This Offering, Like All Other Successful Pommer-
Eilers Piano Movements of, the Past, Is Composed
Entirelu of Worthu Instruments.
1 T INCLUDES 65 FIXE PIANOS. SOME OF WHICH H«1 vo rmtrn ttttdt.
Un£"t. thCSe Pian ° S e " practIcally new and P« f ect, except In the matter of sen-
The balance of the offering consists of instruments that without «««««
have come to us In the regular course of Piano business .Thol£h they "r« P i5ed
Pianos, they have come from private homes, where they w"re willing to «« *
The common policy of buying: up second-bmad Pianos to make a. ra1« t. »
before bringringr It on the floor for this event "*"= ri tuners and repair men
Those who desire a Piano for either their city or summer hom. i,,,,. ?« *
5l he - K !: e ?, te " t oPP° rtu B"/of the spring season, and save ?«£ * slotl iew™i^ ay
<lred dollars on the original price of a thoroughly good instrument 8^ eral hun -
.d£t\o C n X ?TSed °o f ut he PaSt BUSSeSt that y ° U be prompt SSE &. be.t of the
A SMALL CASH SUfi
i^or^sT^ *°* •' these instruments If you
C Kimball *U?r?sh^Pia^S OS were '$350 ansCEI *AirEOTTS TOED XTFBIOrHT
«*ch now $235 PIAWOS.
1 Kimball Upright Piano, ebony case. -A- B. Chase Upright, was 1500 neariv
¦was 1450 now S28I5 new now «oo'
1 KimbaJl Upright Piano, walnut case. Mathushek. waa J400... 'now $7«m
was J"° now $295 Lu t d ''ET. walnut case, good 'as new. was
1 Decker, largest size, mahogany case. £»eedham. was 1375 • -now
was $550 now $405 Schlller . was $275 now Sf 2 A
1 Decker, medium clze. mahogany case, * Smith & Barnes, oak cases, were J'!00
was $500 now $340 *, e&ch now *-|«t
HAZELTOH. « ol > ar * M - C* 016 - $250. . .now «l»f.
*1 Hwelton. walnut casT. large «lze. was £ ntl <*». ™ $300 now gjgj}
*«0 now 8425 vS/^sHtb 1450 now S^
I.ESTEB. K°t *v w«n M7* n0W S - 85
1 Tester Upright, was $500.. now R375 Wine A Son JU'*^- nOw *22O
S H.n«. ,»SS^^r O . S «5. «,ch... SSSKSP&S^SHggS- Utfi
2 StitzZStm -" V". 0 ".*. 17 . 5 8S££\Si££: : : ': : : : : "°z||§?
i i.VnV.riii.^iiiii::::::;;; gl?g iSS,?^:^" 0 ::::: Ep5
I POKKEB-nLEBS. -'• ¦ •- : ** * °
3 walnuts, were $300. . .now. each SIOO SQUABS PIANOS
2 mahogany were $300..now, each SlOO Fischer Square, was $300 nn » *av
1 oak. was 5300 now $190 Knabe Square/ wlS |500? now $t'~
BBimCEBKOFP. Kranich & Bach, was $500 nnZ *wA
2 Brir.kerhoff Pianos, mahogany case. Weber, was $550 ™Z §12
wore S2S5 each now»1SO Dicker, was $600. '.'.'.'.'.'. now «rn
1 Brinkerhoff, walnut case, was 2285... Stelnway, waa $550 nnw *?!»
• • now *1 8O Young, was $300. . .7.7.7.7." "now *^r
o 1 Brinkerhoff, oak. was $2S5..now $1SO Zeck. was $300 now **•»«
v- TKA-JTEB. Hallett& Davis, was $4 66 ! '.'.'. now S : 1k
4 Thnyer Pianos, mahogany, were $250 _- - fflO °
o **ch now »1«7 ,„ tXSEO PIANO PI.ATEBS.
1 Thaycr. walnut, was $250. .now S1O7 J Cecllla n. oak case, was $260 now eifiK
9BAFEB. 1 Angehra. was 1250..'... now ?«»do
1 Drapers mahogany, was $265 * w^ntliSt 8 SS&vSS? ' " - now *1»«>
now SI on ? J 4^ m . onIst % were $275 each.now 8155
1 Draper, oak. was $265 now 6165 «esal. was $250 now $165
2 Bailey, mabog?n^?£ were $300 each ' TISED "^SSESXK?"
„ now 8178 , „ MiATXKG PIANOS.
MILTON. •' I Peerless, was $600. now *47K
3 Milton, mahogany, wu $350.now «1 S7 , Sf!!!,. 88 * was *^® .now #525
1 Milton, walnut was $350. . .now 81 87 , £t!r *"' Tf Ik™' "¦• - now «55O
The instruments that follow have been l peerless, was $550 now $435
used and taken in exchange for other in- ttrvt* nsmn
strumexits Bold by us: j „ OHQANS. . , ,,
tTSED GBAKD PIANOS. In ««a Organs we have every known
Eteinway Concert Grand, was $1500 make, including Kimball. Estey, Mason
." now $395 & Hamlln, ranging in price from $5 to
Chickcring Concert Grand." was $1200... $35.
. Kimban'ParYor" Grind, was $1000 T. . approval. Money back If not aatisfac-
now S575 torv -
POMMEMILERS MUSIC CO., 653 Market Street
San Francisco's Busiest qnd Best Piano Store
] XEWM AN_&_tjEVINSp_y . |
fcai-nj and Sutler Struts.
Store Will Remain Closed Monday
l^adies' JNeckwear— 1 uesday
- At Astonishingly Low Prices
(First Floor Kearny St.)
Stocks and Turnover Collars of Venise and Point de Gauze
Laces. They're' in the very newest effects, in white, cream
and ecru. We secured the entire stock of a noted European
manufacturer, and place them all on sale Tuesday at the
following prices : '
I Oc Each— For Styles worth 25c
1 5c Each — For Styles worth 30c
- 20c Each — For Styles worth 40c
35c Each — For Styles worth 75c
50c Each— For Styles worth $1.00
75c Each— For Styles worth $1.50
A Very Important
Lace Curtain Sale
$1.25 Curtains at 90c $2.50 Curtains at $1.90
$1.75 Curtains at $1.40 $3.75 Curtains at $3.00
(Second Floor Suiter St.)
Lot 1— NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, Lot 3 -ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS,
in white or ecru, 45 Inches wide, 3K yards lone, with plain net
3 yards long; worth fi.25 «*%- centers and corded bord- 1 O A
pair, at "DC ers; worth $2. 50 pair, at «pl«7U
Lot 2-NOTTlNGHAM CURTAINS, Lot 4 -ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS,
}K yards long, white or ecru, with handsome floral borders and
in choice designs; real * ( Af * cable net centers; Worth -.- nn
valueg1.75.at <pl.4U $3.75 pair, at »fr.S»UU
Excellent Silk Values
(First Floor Kearny St.)
They are the Silks that are now in the height of their,
popularity for smart Shirt Waist Skirts — qualities that will
stand the test in the wear — Specially priced for Tuesday.
Fancy Figured Pongee Taffetas, Taffeta Silks, 20 inches wide,
champagne color in exquisite de* some in navy blue and brown with
signs, also some handsome white white hair line stripes; others are
striped Taffetas, 20 inches wide ; changeable effects in rich colorings;
Silks worth J1.00 per yard, ,- worth regularly |i.oo per
our price OJ>C yard, special at (5C
Ladies' Dusters and Capes
I (Third Floor Ketrny St.)
We place on sale Tuesday a splendid lot of Ladies' Dusters and Capes,
made well, of excellent materials, in the full cut — a handy article to have
when traveling ; the prices are :
Ladies' Linette Dusters, with belt J2.00
Ladles' Linen Dusters, with belt «3.25
Ladies' Yosemite Dust Capes $1.00
Stylish Belts For Ladies
At Tempting Prices
(First Floor Sinter St.)
White Duck Belts, washable, with Crush Leather Belts, in white, tan,
gilt or nickel buckles; worth brown, green and black, with
regularly 25c each, sale i - assorted buckles; excellent - n
price lOC value at C>UC
White Pique Belts, with embroidery White Duck Belts, with fancy cross
band — entirely new; real -5)-^, stitchdesign in pretty Per- yg-
yalue 50c each, special at -i3C slan colors, special at. ... < OC
Four Great Offerings in
Bathing Suits
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
Each one of these Items is an exceptional value. Come and investigate
Mir large stock of Bathing Suits — you'll find many more bargains like these:
i.adies' Bathing Suits of navy blue Misses' Bathing Suits of navy blue
Jersey Cloth, neatly trimmed Serge, with red sailor collar,
with white braid; special a 4 OA trimmed with white * 1A ;
at »pl.7U braid ; per suit «>^.UU
Ladies' Bathing Suits of black Sea Boy's Wool Combination Bathing
Island cloth ; sailor collar and Suits, in black with white stripes,
entire suit trimmed with &~ ,_,- well made and good fit- a ( — ~
braid; per-suit «pZ.C3 ting; sizes 26 to 34, suit s>l«ZD
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — Samples Sent to Any Address
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE -».
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN* THE STATE O*
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Pecemb*?.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tK*
Commissioner :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $300.00000
ASSETS
Real Estate owned by Company $508,080 21
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 7(51,213 40
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 1.-37.6.4 98
Amount cf Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable »ecuritles as collateral.. 130.210 0O
Cash in Company's Office 8.217 21
Cash In Banks 07.223 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 11.S06 57
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 22S.8S938
Rents due and accrued 2.139 29
Interest and rents due 2,08121
Ground rents 18.00000
Total Assets .h. $1.883.504 41
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $33,283 23
Losses la process of Adjustment or
\ in Suspense I? Hi 5
Lcsses resisted. Including expenses. 18.283 3t
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,174.- •
003 00; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 837,001 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,158.- __.__-_
6S8S8; reinsurance pro rata E34.073CQ
Amounts reclalmable by the la-
sured on perpetual flre insurance __.„_„
policies BT1.033C3
Commissions and Brokerage due __...--
and to become due.............. 33.354 em
Total Liabilities .$2.011.478 Q
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flr»r .
premiums $1,877,288 »X
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 88,81124
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources M.2S8M
Received for rent* 9.00084
Profit on sale of Ledger Assets.... 9.138 7S
Income from all other sources 2,533 73
Total Income _ .$1.791.ftC0 W
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losse*
(including^ $144,392 82. losses of
previous years) 1X13.11327
Dividends to Stockholders 80.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 873,08491
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 127.773 OS
Paid for State, National and Local
tsjtrs 40.13814
All other payments and expendi-
tures ¦ 02.43089
Total Expenditures »....$ 1.442. 393 11
Fire.
LOSSES incurred during the year... $777,289 34
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $150,803,883 $2.023. «9 43
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 142,213.204 1.87S.571 80
Net amount in force
December 31. 1303. . 187.S56.239 2.330.690 28
THOMAS H. MONTGOMERY. President. "
JOHN H. PACKARD Jr.. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 29th
day of January 1904.
JOHN STOCKBURGER. Notary Publlt
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 and 413 California St
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
C. A. HENRY & CO, CITY AGENTS
215 SANSOM E ST., S. F., CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THE }
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP* WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE O»
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1003. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by ti»
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Caoltal Stock, sail ny
In cash ._ $300.000 09
ASSETS. ~~~ "~~~
Roal Estate owned by Company... $309,273 CO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 5I3.2S3 73
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... frll.311 73
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 443,21164
Cash In Company's Office 6.03139
Cash in Banks :.... 133.333 3S
Interest doe and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 17.600 R
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 12.263 5T
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 134,005 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 1.010 23
Total Assets .JI2.S8S.539 21
LIABILITIES. — =====
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2«,0«9 63
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense C9.541 89
Lo«es resisted, including expenses. 15.632 09
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $913,623 OO;
reinsurance SO per cent 136,313 59
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,613,-
. SCO 00; reinsurance pro rata 840,82009
Commission and Brokerage due and
¦ to become due 00.79944
All other Liabilities 0.333.32
Total Liabilities .jl.43g.0M 83
INCOME. """
Nat cash actually received for Pipe
Premiums $1,210,513 49
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 29.S3017
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 69.23109
Received fcr Rents 4.312 41
Total Income .jl.312.917 12
EXPENDITtniES. = =
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including (0S.711 49. losses of
pmvlous years) $372.0W 97
Dividends to Stockholders 50.00)00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 264.047 67
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 86.738 63
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 43.19O9S
All other payments and expendi-
tures i 83.03183
Total Expenditures ._$1.113. 133 10
=^~rtre:
Losses Incurred during the year. . . $331,299 00
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $163,639,700 $1,783,643
Net amount of Risks
expired durins the
year I33.164.70O 1.697.911
Net amount in force
December 31. 1903... 251.372.200 2.327.434
A. H. SAWYER. President.
\V. H. STEVENS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 21st
day of January. 1904.
L. B. COOKE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPART3IENT:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS
411 ind 413 California St.'
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
6E0. A. MURDOCH & SON, CITY AGENTS
410 CALIFORNIA ST.. S. P., CAL
WEEKLY CALLj $1,00 PE3 TSAB,
You will find our CLASSI-
FIED COLUMNS a ready ref-
erence when yon need an AT-
TORNEY or DENTIST.
HIGHEST professional skill
and reasonable rates.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
500 Suit Cases
JUST ABBXVED
That We're doing to Dispose of at
Prices Never Before Quoted for Plrst-
Class Goods.
Linen Lined ...Sft.OO
I Same with Straps all around. .97.00
Leather Lined #7.7»O
Same with Straps all around. .SS..*>O
Silk Lining N-S8.5O
Brown, Olive or Russet.
A.B.SIV^CO.
128 Ellis St
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
Mrs. Dr. A. W. TRAVERSE, nee LOIS GRAV.
Donohoe building. 1170 Market st., cor. Taylor'
rooms' 2S-29. with the electric needle; perm-
anency guaranteed; hours 1 to i p. m.
t )J ' ~ i win M'iFi ' n *innfc w r»* ¦ frili*' lmuiisMi»in— m bwms . . .-'¦*- --¦* * ¦lice courts as a defendant more- than
once before.
Matt Larsen, convicted of drunlc
kenness and unprovoked assault upon
various pedestrians who crossed his
path on Market street, cheerfully in
formed Judge Fritz that he was pre
pared to pay any reasonable fine, hut
his Honor surprised him by pronounc
ing a sentence of two months' impris
onment without alternative.
George Thomas, who stole a ten
pound box of chewing tobacco from a
wagon at Fourth and Howard streets,
got thi'eo months from Judge Mogan.
The value of the plunder was $6 50,
but George was trying to sell it for 50
cents when a policeman nabbed him
on the Barbary Coast.
Mrs. Margaret Galvin, who is weal
thy enough to keep a maid and dwell
in an expensive flat, was convicted of
drunkenness in a public place and is
held in custody to appear before Judge
Fritz next Tuesday. The woman; who
is a confirmed inebriate, has been ar
rested numerous times before, but un
til yesterday sTie escaped imprison
ment by forfeiting her bail. She was
helplessly Intoxicated when Officer J.
B. .O'Connor picked her up on Van
Ness avenue Friday afternoon.
* * ? •
Nineteen-year-old Mary Wilson,
who recentlS' came from a respectable
home at Marysville and fell into evil
ways, will be sentenced for vagrancy
next Saturday by Judge Mogan. She
refused to return to a soldier a cheap
watch which he had allowed her to
wear and he it was who had her ar
rested. Then she gave up the watch,
but was held for vagrancy. '
Walter E. Reed pleaded' guilty to
two charges of petty larceny In order
to escape conviction on the more se
rious accusation, of forgery and was
sentenced to a year in jail by Judge
Fritz. Reed forged the name of his
employer on a check for $40 and wad
brought back from Indiana to stand
trial.
Petty larceny Is the charge on
which Walter Murdoch will be tried
next Tuesday by Judge Mogan. He is
accused of stealing a valise from 320
Minna street and pawning it under
the Illustrious name of "Jack-Mun
roe."
C. S. Rproat. accused of concealing
property to defraud his creditors, will
have a jury trial June 9 In Judge
Fritz's court. He recently: pwttH a
well-known market on Market street.
Complaint of Kxeeutrj
Thomas W. Kase, to whom Jose
phine Winter, widow of W. G. Winter,
asigned her interest in her husband's
estate, applied yesterday to the Su
perior Court for an order directing
Elizabeth Bloom, executrix of the will
of Winter, to appear and show cause
why she has not filed an accounting
since October, 1898. Judge Kerrigan
Issued the citation directing Mrs.
Bloom to appear before him next Fri
day.
Grego Sparovich said that while
strolling past No. 30 East street, a
'longshore slopshop kept -by Julius
Goldstein, he was grabbed and drag
ged inside by Thomas Beatty, "side
walk booster" for the establishment.
Ere he was allowed to leave the place,
Mr. Sparovich added, a brass watch
was put in and $12 50 taken out of one
of his pockets by Beatty.
After listening to Mr. Sparovich's
narrative Judge Mogan set next Fri
day for the trial of Beatty, who is the
ex-champion uncolored cakewalker of
the Pacific Coast and has been in po-
Bavo Casier, who fired two shots at
Mrs. Lizzie Vinkie a few days ago in
her Sunshine court< residence, has been
held to the Superior Court on the,
charge of attempt to murder. His bail
was fixed at $2000 by Judge Cabaniss.
"A low-down thing" and "a mean
old thing" were the most offensive
epithets addressed by 'Mrs. Clara
Carney to Joseph Enos, from whom she
rented the three rooms she occupies at
2S27 Sixteenth street, but Mr. Enos con
sidered them sufficiently opprobrious to
justify him in having her arrested for
disturbing the peace.
Her refusal to pay for one dollar's
worth of extra gas which was con
sumed in her apartments primarily
brought the landlord's Ire upon Mrs.
Carney, although he testified that she
had also appropriated to her own use
a dilapidated meat safe belonging to
him and ousted therefrom a quantity
of pigeon feed, and had painted some
of his flower pots and presented them
with their floral treasures to her
friends. In comparison with her en
deavor to shirk the gas Indebtedness
he considers the pieat safe and flower
pot incidents of minor import.
Mrs. Carney's case was exhaustively
defended by Warren Temple Esq.. bar
rister-at-law, who did not succeed in
disproving Mr. Enos' allegation as to
her offensive language. When the lady
announced her intention of vacating
the Enos property next Friday the case
was continued till next Saturday by
Judge Mogan.
Judge Fritz was ready to proceed
with the preliminary examination of
E. W. Gunther, charged with bribing
a juror in a Chinese murder case L.
Judge Lawlor's court, but Attorney
Hoff Cook, for the defense, obtained
a continuance till next Friday.
John Parsons, who is traveling for
an Eastern men's furnishing goods
firm, is held in $500 cash bail to an
swer the charge of having insulted a
twelve-year-old girl Friday afternoon
at Oak and Stanyan streets, while she
was going -from school to her home in
the Sunset district. There were no
eyewitnesses of the alleged offense, but
the girl notified Patrolman McKebbitt
and described Parsons so accurately
that the officer at once recognized tho
description as that of a man whom ho
found seated in the Park panhandle,
and whom the girl subsequently iden
tified as the man who had terrlflecl her.
Judge Mogan resolutely declined an
appeal for reduction of the ball, and
took occasion to say that no mercy
will be shown by him to any one con
victed of annoying women or children
In the public parks.
Mrs. Van Curen is a cripple and
walks with the aid of a cane. She
struck her persecutor with the cane be
fore he allowed her to rise. Then he
waxed angry and told her that she
didn't own the park.
Judge Mogan pronounced Master
Hester guilty of disturbing the peace
and ordered him to appear for sentence
next Tuesday.
As the boy was a stranger to her the
lady did not reply to his query. Then
he did a very foolish thing by ignoring
the snub and seating himself baside
her. Still more foolishly, he main
tained his familiar manner and con
tinued talking. Most foolish thing of
all, he placed his hand upon her knee
and endeavored to restrain her when
ehe attempted to rise and leave him.
"Let me go," she commanded.
"Aw, don't be in a hurry," he said.
"Hello, kid; didn't you used to go to
the Crocker School when I was there?"
Mrs. Edith Van Curen of 810 Stanyan
street was sitting upon a bench in
Golden Gate Park last Friday after
noon awaiting her husband when 19
year-r.ld Sidney Hester, who lives In
the 700 block of the same street, ap
proached her and said:
Then began a debate that continued
without a second's intermission on
either side until the Judge reminded
the faithful Hickey of his duty. During
its progress Mr. and Mrs. Thommel
shouted simultaneously, each apparent
ly determined to shout the other to
subjection. The lady had the last word
and was in superior argumentative fet
tle when the halt was en-forced.
The cape is under judicial advisement
till next Tuesday.
In defense of the charge Mr. Thommel
said he had been "nagged" by the com
plainant, but did not chase her out of
the hou.se. She, however, before depart
ing had struck his eye with her
clenched fist, and he submitted a deep
ly discolored optic in evidence.
"How can you?" yelled Mrs. Thom
mel.
"How can't I?" shouted Mr, Thom
mel. "Didn't you blacken my eye, and
didn't you pull out my ha.ir until I must
wear a wig?" To substantiate that in
terrogatory assertion Mr. Thommel
doffed a toupee and disclosed a cranium
bald as a billiard ball.
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Thommel were
the stellar performers yesterday in
Judge Mog-an's court. They berated
each other across the bench until his
Honor inserted an index finger In each
of his ears and sternly commanded
Bailiff Hickey" to silence them. With
the man at his right and the woman at
his left, the Judge received the full
force of their rapidly delivered cross
fire of crimination and recrimination.
Mrs. Thommel had concluded her
complaint ere the oral duel began. It
was Mr. Thommel's f defensive state
ments that fired the train. The parties
dwell at 127& Harriet street, and at
10:30 o'clock Friday evening Mrs.Thom
mel, attired only in a nlghtrobe, ap
peared upon the sidewalk and disturbed
the neighbors by loudly requesting her
daughter to throw some clothing out of
the window, as the air was chilling.
Among those attracted to the spot was
a policeman, and to him the lady stated
that she had been ejected by her hus
band, with whom she had been having
"some words."
Husband and WifeBerate Each Other Across the Bench Until
His Honoris 'Compelled.to Stuff .His Ears and Order That
Bailiff Hickey Try to Stop the Controversy at All Hazards
JUDGE MOGAN RECEIVES
WARM ORAL GROSS -FIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALi:, SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1904.
31
THE STRENGTH OF MEN.
By Norman Duncan.
NEXT SUXDAY CAM;.
If you read "The Frnita of Toll"
by this same author two
weeks aso you will under-
stand why he has out-
done Jack' London's
fame.
RAILWAY TRAVEI*
CALIFORNIA y
LIMITED TO CHICAGO 1
LEAVES DAILY h
¦t 0:30 *. xa, through la 3 flays, 1}
tritii diner and all trapping-*. fi
Otsex Santa Tm Trains i
o : fn*" E1 'l fcr 6 to ckt<». Freeno, Bakersfleld,
*.-fjOp!a;> M «" cefi - HaaTord aad Visalla.
« :O0 p. ra. for Stockton.
S:00p. m. for K&cs&s City, Grand Canyon and
. - m Cfcicairo.
JTZCKZrr orriCES — C41 HCarket St. ana
Terry Sepot. 8. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
Vet. Oakland. CaL 37 South First SU
S&n Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
. LESSEE
m FEAKCISCO AND NORTH PAClFii)
BAXZ.WAY COUPAZnr.
Tibnron Ferry. 7oot oX aXaxJcet Street.
SAX7 rn-AKCISCO TO SAW 2APAE1.
WEEK JjAYti — 7:i>o. t-:oo, b:w, 11 :m» «. m. ;
12::ii. 2:So, 3:40, 5:10. i:5y. 6:30 and 11:30
• j>. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
BUXDATS — 7:30, *:<*>, 9:3'>, 11:00 a. m.;l:30,
2;3'.», £-4l», 6:30. ll;3a p. m.
•-:.:. £AFAEL TO SA^ F3AITCZSCO
WEEK DAVi- 6:oi. 6:U), 7:35, 1 :M, U:20.
11:10 a. ia.; :..'". +2:O>J, 3:10, &:wo, £>:2u,
«;.-.". p. ru. Saturdays — JJitra trly at 1:15
Ei'm'.'aYS- C::o. 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m.;l:45.
Si*i'. 4:Tnt. 5:W, 5:20, 0:25, 7:50 p. m. f Ex-
cept taturdtjE.
l>.-av«r Ia E3ect | Arrive
San : un. ? May I. !»>*. | Fan Iran.
V.'t-etv I Sun- I Destica- | Sun- I Wetk
lmit. i day*. ( tlon. | days. / Days.
; 7:£c. B ; | 7:45 a,' 7:45 a
*;S0e; fc:».>aj j fe:4u ai b:40a
*-:<n'R # H:S(.>a Ifsaclow 110:2(1 a,10:20 a
2:30 j.; 2:30 p j 6:00 pj 6:20 y
5:lopi5:10p C:2up 7:25 p
« ! I HAj p
7:3i>a| 7:3oa| | 7:45 aj 7:45 a
t^wa, *:>•>*; Novato, jlO:2o a|10:20 a
2::;op, a :30 a I'etaJurca 6:20 p 6:20 p
&:lopi 2:3<>p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
|S:lop Santa Kosa. 8:45 p
7."Co a; 7i>i>aj 110:20 a 10. 20 a
>-:i><'a, i:t»vta- Fulton. i 7:25 p' 6-20 p
2::;ot 2:3" p, { fe:4jpj 7 :25 p
I Windsor, j 1
1 7:30 aj 4F-.20 a) Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
j Lytton,
2:20 p; 2:30 pi Geyserville, 7:25 p 7:25 p
! I Cloverdale.
7:?»a: 7:30 a! Hcpland '10:20 a'10:20 a
*:20 r; 2:30 p] and Ukiah. | 7:25 p; 7:25 p
: I WillltB. j I
7:30 a: 7:80 a 1 , Fherwood. f 7:25 pj 7:25 p
,(i:Wa ; Guernevllle and 110:20 a'10:20 a
2:30 P; 2:3OpfCajnp Vacation, j 8:45 pj 6:20 p
V8:OOal S:r>Oa 6:40 a! 8:40 a
6:10 pj 9:30 a Sonoma, <5:OOp 6:20 p
. I 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p|
*7:30a! 7":30 aj 110:20 a'10:20 a
2:i0p| 2.30 p| EcbastopoL | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STACKS connect at Santa Rosa for White
fcuiphur Springs: at Fulton for Altrurta and
Mark West Pprinpa: at Lytton for Lytton
Eprlncs: at G^ysert-Ule for Skafr^s Springs; at
ncverdale tor the Geysers, Iioonevllle and
Greenwood; at Hoplaad for Dur.caa 8prtn«rs.
Highland Spring*. Kelseyvme. Carlsbad
Bprlngs. So4a Bay. Lakepcrt and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Fprinra, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Leke, Witter
Eprlacti VW* Lake, romo, Potter Valley
3oba Day's, Rlverbide, Lierley*e, Buckneirg
Sanhedrin Heisrhts. Hullvllle, Orr** Hot
Fprir^s. Ila'.fway House. Comptche. Camp
BtrvcM. Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Braes
Weftpcrt, Usal; at Willits fcr Fort BraK«,
¦W r *«t&ort. Eherwood. Cafcto. Corelo, Layton-
%-l'.le, CummiES, BelVs Sprlnrs, Harris, Ol-
eer.a. Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood, Scotia
ard Eureka.
Saturf8>- to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Rour.d-trlp tickets to all points
•Jbeyocd San Haiael at half rates.
Tlckrt efflce. C50 Market street. Chronicle
bciieir.s.
n. c. vrnrrrNO. r. x. ryan*. -n»
¦ G^n. Gen. Pass, Agt.
fe^p|5^ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
Wj^M MILL VA LLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
&itziJtez2&L%*&>& Via Eausalito Perrr.
EUBUEBAN BEUVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart fxorn tan Francisco, wetk days, at
6:30 7:10. 7:45, 8:30.: 9:13, 10:00, ll:(X»a m.
411-40 a. ra. Sausalito only), 12:20 1:43, 3-15
4:00 4:30. 6:15. 5:50. C:2-"., 7:i. r .. 9:00. 10:20.'
11.35 p. m. Sunday* end legal holiday*, depart
et-710 7:45. fc:30. »:15, 10:0f>. 11:00, n- 4 o
a m., i2:2o. 1:00. 1:45. 2:S0. S:15. 4:<X>, 4 35
6:15. 5:50. C:25. 7:i5. S:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:35
p. *n.
Arrive at San Francisco, week daj-g. e-17
7:00. 7:35. 6:15. 6:43. 9:35. 10:20,. U:O5 a. m
32:05 ] :25, 2.f«0. 3:35. 4:20, 5:05. 5:40, 6:15.
C-Sr. '7:55. 10:ti5. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive <u 12:45. 2:05,
B:'>o p. m.
For Fairfax, we<>k days, depart at 7:45 a. m.
S-15 p. ».. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.) On Sundayi
and lepal holidays, at 7:45. ,8:.~0, 8:15. 10:00,
11:00. U:40a. ra.. 1^:20. 1:00. 1:45, 2:30, 7:15
.'end 6:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7-45 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way etatlcna
'j-15 e. na., Sunday* only— For Point Reyes,
'^lS p.*tn-. **fly except Sunday— For Caza-
dero etc *-> -
5:15 p. ra. daily except Saturday and Sun-
day— For Point Ittyee. etc
7:15 P. xn. Sundaya cn!y — For Point Reyes,
S-15 I>- m. Sundays ccly — For Cazadero, etc
TICKET OFFICE— €20 Market st.
FERUY — Union Dfpot. foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Ilk Rii'tkIJts Ffrryi Arrive
Ean Framysco V<*1 «f ittltt St. I San Franciuro
"Week Hun- huu ' w «eic
1000 a WfcSSBJg 2:06 i-*1 1:05 a.
1000a 11:00a S^.S^^f 3^p 3:35 r
1:45 I- 12:20 r \$?$iz/ 6:40 r 6:J6 r
D;l5r !:45f X^T G:1Bf 10:06 r
i 4:35i- 8:60 P
• VVa CrtTity Car, « Tsmaipah ts BUI Vti:ey.
Ticket *ea> U*r.E.ET St. fKortfa Shore Railroad)
Omccs Jtnd excEAXiTO Feerv, Foot .Market St.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
><j^ H*aN. Tr "'* 1 " !•»?» »nd ire due
/vUr^X to arriT* at
hfu|§|Sz]SAN FRANCISCO.
J wT^^yo/ Fbom Mat 21 * 19Ot -
j N^fP^fV^ Fzrbt DeroT
(Foot of Market Street ) .
±!L±Z±^i MAIN LINE. - ahbit.
7 00a V«c«vl!W;. winter*. Ruimey 7.50P
7.00a Benlcla, Suigun, Elinlra and S»cra-
__. 7.20P
7 JOa Vallejo. Kapa. CalUtoga, Baata
_ Kcsa, Martinez, San Kamon 6-20p
/•SOa Nl!e«. Llvermore. Tracy, Lathrop,
„_„ Stockron 7.20P
B-OCA Ebaru Ezpresi — (Via Darl«>.
WllHami (for Bartlett Sprlae*).
TVlllowg. tKroto. Hed Bluff.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.50P
Bw!A Dana. Woodland. Knljhts tADdlnr.
MarysvlUe. OroTllle 7.B0P
850a Port Coeta, Martlner. Antloch.
Byron, Tracy, Stockton. New-
man, Lot Basoa. Mesdota,
Armona. Hanford. VI t alia,
rort<TTille 4.20p
E^CA Port Cotta. I.atbrop. Modetto,
Merced. Freino. Uo«hen Junc-
tion. Banxord. Visalla. Balcert-
field 4.B0P
6-SUA Knee, Ban Joae. Lirermore, Stock-
ton, (t Mil ton), lone, Sacraiannto,
Placerrlile. MaryiTllle, Cclco.
Hed Blnff 420p
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamettoirn. So-
nora. Tuolutnue and Angel* 4 ?0p
6 00a Atlantic Express— OKdenind East. 11.20a
9. 30a Blchraond, Martinez and Way
Stations 6-50p
10. CCA Th* Overland. Limited — O^den.
Dearer. Oin&na, Cbloatro 620p
10-COa Vallejo 1220*
1000a Los Anfrelen Passenger — Tort
Costa. Martinez, Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
iCayiriond. Fresno, Gofchen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lcrnoore. Visalla.
Baker»Beld. Los Anceles 7.20P
12.00m Hayward. KUesaad Way Stations. 3.20P
ti J)0p Sacramento Itlrer Steamers tii.OQP
5 3CP Build*. Winters. Sacramento.
Womlland. Knights Lauding,
Marysvllle, OroTllle and way
nations 19-|2 A
3-SCp Hayward. NUes and Way Stations.. 7.60P
3.3DP Port Costa, Martlnt-z. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way 6tatlone beyond Port Costa 12-20p
5-30P Yonemlte Valley, via Berenda and
W«won» :. 8.50a
SSDp Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10-20A
4 CCp Martinez. Pun lUuion. Vallejo, Jtapa,
Call*u.)ta. SantaUosa 9-20A
4450P NUes. Tracy. Stockton. Lodi 4.20P
4 30p Hayward. Klin. Irrlngton, San) tS.50A
Jose. LlTermore | JI 1.50a
d*Cp The Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Kkno*. Mrndoia. Fre»no. Tulare,
... Hafcersneld. Los Angeles 8.50a
6-CPp Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12.20P
T6.3t'P Harword. Vlles ami San Jo«e 7.20a
6-CCp Hayward. Mies and San Jose 3iO»
643LP Ea»tern Express— Ogden. Denrer.
Omaha, fet. Louis. Chlcaeo and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sul-
fun. Elmlra, Da»>. Sacramento,
Hock 11 a. Auburn, Co I fax,
Trnckee, Boca. Iteno. Wads-
worth. Winnemucca 520p
• .•Cp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday... . I •, «- n «
7JJCP Vailrjo. 6unUay only f '-°" p
7-OCp lilchaiond. ban Pablo. Port Costa,
ViKTV.wr and Wny Ktatlons 11.20a
7 CCp Oregou & California Express— Sac-
rametito, Maryrrllle, Ke<ldlng,
Portland, Pnget Sound and East. 850a
8.0Ep !>nu 1'asieDger— Truckee, Laze .
Tahoe ?.• 7.50a
8.10p Hayward, Nile* and San Jose(Scn-
m dayonly) . 11-50a
COAST LINE <>arrow Uaage).
m (Toot of Market Street.)
7.45a Sanu Cruz Excur:lon(Sunday only) 8-IOp
8.16a Newark. Centerrllle. San Joss,
Felton, Boulucr Creek. Santa
Crnz and Way Sutlons 6 55 P
12-1 Bp Newark, ' Centcrrllle, San Joae,
New Almaden. Los Gatot.Fe'.ton,
Boolder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations IIO-SBa
4-1Ep Newark. Saa Jose. LosUatos and S 18.65a
wsy stations ) J10 65a
4.15P Wright. Felton. Boolder Creek and
Sanu Cruz, Eaturday and Sunday '
only .. 68 65a
m OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from fcAN r KANCISCO. root cf Market St. (8l!jH»
-K:K »Aj 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 516 p.m.
trom OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 18:00 {3:09
!2j°LJi :t i J *•"• 1200 200 4-00 r.M.
COAST LINE <Hroa4 Uaoare).
IMT (Third and lown»end Streets.)
6.10a San Jote and Way Stations... 6 30p
1700a San Jose and Way Sutlons 640P
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30P
8-UOa New Almaden (Tues.. Frld., only). 4.1QP
8 00a The Coaster— Stop* only San Jose.
Gllroy (connection for tlollls-
ten. Pajaro. Castrorllie (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grovr), Salinas. San
Ardo, Paao Koblea. Santa Mar-
rarlu. San Luis Oblspo, principal
atatlons thence Surf (connection
lor Lompoc), principal station*
thence Santa Barbara.San Buena-
rentura, Burbank. Los Angeles . 10-45?
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Capltola, .
CantaCroz.PaclficGrore.SitMna*,
Ban Luis obinpo and Principal
Way Stations 4-IOp
JO.JCa Can Jose and Way Stations 1.20p
11 -iCA Santa Clara. San Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30p
130 p Ean Jose and Way Stations 8. 38a
3 OCp Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Sanu
Cruz. Boulder Creek and Narrow
Gauge Points) at Gllroy for II ol-
llster. Tres Plnoa. at Pajaro for
tianu Cruz, at Castrorllle for
Salinas. 12.15p
3-30P Tres Pino* Way Passenger 10 45a
4.30p "an Jose and V»"ay Stations 18.00a
tS OOP Santa Clara, -«n Jose. Los Gatos,
and principal Way Sutlons (ex-
cept Sunday) ». 1900a
{5.30p &anJoseandPrlnclpalWaySUtlons (9.40a
6 4Sp£anset Limited.— Hedwocd. San
Jose.GIlroy.Sallnas.Paso Uobles,
Saa Luis obispo. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demlng. Kl Paso,
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cruz
and at Caotrortllo for Paclflo
Grore and Way Sutlons 710a
t6-15P SanMateo,Beresford,Belmont,San
Carlo*, lied wood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 16.48a
6 30p San Jose and Way Statlont b-36A
8 OOp Palo Alto and Way Buttons 10.154
1 1 .50p South San Francisco, M Ulbrae, B ur-
Unfame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Kcdwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45p
>11-3Cp MayUeld. Mountain View, Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. 8anu Clara and
San Jose t3-45p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. X Snnday only.
a Satnrday only. b Monday only.
i Slops at all sutlons on Sanday.
t*"Only trains stopping at Valencia St. ionthbonnd
»refc: 10 i.M.. 7:03*. *„ 7:15 A..*,, 11:80*. M.. 8:30r.M,
»:M f.» t >»< i:Wf.K. :.*-. 1*
15,000 Vital Rings
Worn ty ir^ea who are more than delighted
with results. They produce healthy clrcula.-
tler.. curing Organic Weakness. Drains. Varl-
cocele. etc., enlarges and puts organs in nor-
mal natural condition. |2.50 po«t paid. Physi-
cians recommend them. DR. BURN'ARD, 140
Geary *t., Baa Francisco.
fASTHMANOLA|
Za the only cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at BUS IIAIGHT ST.,
Ean Francisco". Cal.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEHS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; civet health aai
ttrenjctb to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Markst.
;¦¦_•;, " ADVEBTISEMENTa '^^"^
| ''f> BathingSuits
j (M: ?£^ T Vacation
\ l^^S 300 MEN'S Combination Suhs, like IDOTtralloQ, extra strong
< rVjT"^ and durable; rrgularly sold at $3.00. Specie], while §O 00
* • 2 • they liit .,...•.. mm
w -» &* 1 W\ 1 50 BOYS* Combination Salts, like illustration, extra C | 25
7< i ii : Etrong and durable; regularly Bold at $2.00. Special v l"
$. $$*!*£•' 3& 200 LADIES* Wool Alpaca Suits, neatly trimmed, $0.50
ciilor collan dx«« 32-^2. Special
I :; "
« Our stock and assortment of BATH- M » >/T5V «%.
II ING SUITS is the lar£cit In the city 4? W ragc^Sr® / ViK.
\ L*di«' Suits.. L-ca $1.30 to $25.00 A A k.1 *C M A|0>^j
i Girls' Suits $1.25to$5.OO \).W»%P Wty<&M*&%/
\ Ken's Suits from 75c to $8.00 BLiain nn
{ Boys' Stilts from 5Oc to $3.50 K N 114*1 ING CD.
I i Also Caps. Shoes, Vater \Tmgs, etc 60 Geary St., San Francisco
\ Outing Hats, Golf Jackets and Tarns. Open Saturday* Till 1O P. M.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
Mi--nnr-r- n, , — i,— -i -i n n n i.njuwuuuLnAnA^.rumn n r.,-.nr-,-, --¦.-»»-----«•.•.«-««««««---.--.»----.--» —
• ; .. '5 ' w . '-"*;*' %
• Special Announcement! |
0 ®
S Our Great Semi-Annual »
1 1 CLEARANCE SALE [ j
| S commences g
S TUESDAY, MAY 31st at 9:30 A. M. |
I ¦ — t\
1 The Greatest Bargain Event in Years §
© • For Particulars See Tuesday Mornin? "Call." g
9 •
Q Store Closed Monday, May 30— Decoration Day. O
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET, NEAR JONES. I
9 *
Ala u & J*! in r j* xa.
Week Commencing • THIS AFTER-
NOON. May 29.
(SPECIAL MATINEE DECORATION DAT,
MONDAY, MAY 30.)
UnprecedentedAttractions?
FERRAR, GOLE and
COMPANY
7 Presenting Their Refined Comedy i
i, Sketch. "HIS COLLEGE CHUM."
! THE JOLLY JACKIES.
GASTON and STONE
ji In "A WHIFF OF THE BRINY."
POWERS BROTHERS
J The Original "AM'HONSB and
7 GASTON AWHEEL."
J; Last Week of the Universal Favorites,
GOLBY FAMILY
< In Theh- Novel Musical Entertainment.
2 TEN ENTIRELY NEW SUBJECTS:
I MARCEL'S
LIVING ART STUDIES
< Twenty-five Celebrated Parisian
J Models.
I AL LAWRENCE
AMUSEMJ5NT3.
tffctffcfl ERMOHfr SAN FRMaSCO-S Two Weeks, Tft MflRRDW
yyLUBviPlll LEADING THEAiB Beginning I U"mUllliU SI
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY,
"The LITTLE MINISTER"
WEEK Vntinpp TrtrDflV
BEGINNING iimllUWC IV'VdJ*
MELBOURNE
In a Superb Production of Sardou'g
IGISMONDAJ
Matinee Morrow Bf5 ORATI0! '
POPULAR PRICES— 15q 25c, 75c.
CALIFORNIA
fJ3 TO-NIGHT. I
The Incomparables— the greatest stock^ft j
comriany in existence. |«
The Oliver Morcscj Company 1
Presenting PAUL LEICESTER H
FORD'S charming comedy of the Rev- M
olutlon, ti
JANICE MEREDITH 1
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE TO- i|
MORROW. g
M BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY. I
M Next— Julia Marlowe's most recent B
«• triumph. THE CAVALIER, a stirring «
D story of the South in war time. a
TIVOLISSS,
LAST NIGHT
A RUNAWAY GIRL
BEGINNING
TOY MATINEE TO-MORROW
DECORATION DAY
For One Week Only
THE TOY MAKER
TOY MATINEES
TO-MORROW AND SATURDAY
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 6Oc. 75c
A T £~i k rT k "1T& Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR ETSs
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— L-\ST TIME— TO-NIGHT.
A POSSIBLE CASE
THE GREAT LAUGHING HIT.
Evgs ,25c to 75c; Mats. Thurs. & Sat.,25c to BOc
comme*ci»q MEMORIAL DAY
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
The DellEhtful Romance,
llipgiill
A Stirring Colonial Love Story.
June 6 — UNDER TWO FLAGS.
In Preparation— "LOVERS' LANE."
Next Month— WHITE WHITTLE3EY.
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
of the Tremendous Success.
A GREAT TEMPTATION |
STARTING MATINEE TO-MORROW.
The Unsurpassed Historical Drama.
A CELEBRATED CASE]
Powerful Romance of a Hero of Fontenoy.
DMirL'C Evenings...... 10c to 60c
fKltfcj Matinees ...10c. 15c. 25o
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO M^T^
BY AUTOMOBILE ( S|Pfe Sl
MOBILE CARRIAGE CO.
GOLDEN GATE AVE. and GOUpH ST.
Phon* Private : Exchange T7o.
Downtown offices — Court Palace Hotel; Lobby
St. Francis Hotel; Lobby of Occidental Hotel.
P. J. BSTTiIiT 3n&X*
JAS. T. 0BACS Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, MAY 29.
—OF—
Champions
64— Nominations— 64
MONDAY (Decoration Day).
Holiday Reserve Stake.
PURSE |g|3yU PURSE
TRAIN SERVICE BOTH DATS.
Leaves Third ' and Townsend streets 10:15
and 1 p. m.; Twenty-flfth and Valencia .its.
five minutes later. Returning at 4:45 p. m.
and after the last course. San Mateo electric
cars every four minutes during the day.
INGLESIDE
COURSINOARK.
112-DogOpenStake
Sunday, May 29
Hereafter Running
on SATURDAYS
Coursing will begin at 11:30 o'clock sharp
and continue until the last winning flag poes
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mission street cars transfer to Guerrero
ears, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERNET. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
ALFONS: BENCE AND ALLEN; MR. AND
MRS. BEN HUNN; THE TWO FANTAS;
GEORGE AND LAURA LEWIS; MILDRED
MANNING and NEW MOVING. PICTURES.
Take a Rid* on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
BAILROAD.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission, 10c; Children, 5c.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
HOWE CLUB : '°° voices
rnvrPDT Largo Orchestra
UUNV-'tlK » A MUSICAL TKBAT! .
HATIVS RONS' HAIL Tiektts at
THURSDAY, Jut 2. tt 8. - SOSLSS fc CHASE
s ' Peer of All Mimetic Entertainers.
BELLE GORDON
> Th* Phenomenal Athlete.
> Last Week and Stupendous Success of
BURKE, LARUE and the
INKY BOYS
< Presenting "THE SILVER MOON." jl
<!> Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, v
J? Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. >
.;< [ Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c. I
GRAND REOPENING THIS SXTNDAT
NIOHT. May 29.
Entire New Burlesque Company, Including
Caroline Hull. Edna Aug. Garrtty Sisters,
Yorke & Adams. Al Fields. Edwin A. Clark.
Ben T. Dillon, Roy Alton.
An "All Star" Chorus of forty voices. First
production here of
— =u. s.
A Riproarlng Burlesque. One thousand
laughs. A World of New Songs, D&ncea. Nov-
elties.
SPECIAL— See Lionel Lawrence" » S "RA-
DIUM GIRLS."
Same Popular Prices. Reserved Seats —
Nights, 25c, 60c and 75c. Eaturday and Sun-
day Matinees. 25c and 50c Children at Mati-
nees, 10c and 25c. Seat* now on sale at the
box office. Matinee on Decoration Day.
May 30.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchikan, 'Wrange!.
Juneau, Halnes. Skagway.
etc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. May
30, June 4. Change to Com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
Ftor Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, Bellingham — 11 a. m.. May 30.
June 4. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattlo
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry., at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. May 28; Spokane. 1:30 p. m.; Corona,
May 31.
For Los Angelea (via Port Lo» Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Bx-rbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m. *
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angelea (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mont-
erey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueaeiae.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. May 31. June 8.
Santa Cruz, 0 a. in. (freight only). May
19. 27.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose det
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904— Th«
palatial steamship Spokane will leave Tacoma*
Seattle and Victoria. June 7, 21, July 5, 19.
Aug. 2. 18.
For further information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to ehanir» steamers or sailing dates.
TICJCST OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.and Broad-
Way wharves. Freiyht Ofilce, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
FOR NOME
Low Passenger and Preitfht Bate*.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Co.'s Steamship
VALENCIA
Prom San Francisco, Juna 8, IX a. xa*
Prom Seattle, June 14, 9 p. m.
For rates and full information apply
TICKET OFFICES.
' 4 New Montgomery st. and 10 Market st.
FREIGHT OFFICE. 10 MARKET ST.
J. H. COOPER. General Freight Agent. '
C. D. DTj*NANN. Gen. Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
COLUMBIA sails June «, 16 and 28. Jury «.
16 2S. GEO. W. ELDER sails June 1. 11 and
21. July 1, 11. 21. Only steamship line to
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets to
all points. Steamer tickets include berth aact
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montgomery st.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent
.Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
S. 8. MARIPO3A, for Tahiti. May 29, 11 a. m.
S. 8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, June 4. 11 am.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thurs.. June 18, 2 p. m.
LCSPEZCEELS k BEOS. Ca,iitl,TlCiBt (fflcs &13 Xir-
Xbl, Fnizat omc8323HarrstSL. Pisr 7, Fi^iij Ji.
PASSENGER SERVICE —
/C£ 3S " u -stV Through without change. S. S.
/tV^. «§* v^A "Serapis" from, San Fran-
ttf flWwi Y*l Cisco on or about Jung 3, l'JO4.
M K5gr} I » for Hamburg and principal
W\ vK53/. ¦ fJ P° rt3 ln Mexico. Central and
y\ v43Pf."'-/v South America. For rates and
>>)!><>©<' particulars apply at 6*1 Mar-
*et "*-. «r to LENDAL M.
W A ORAT. Manager, 323 Markat
st., San Francisco.
COXPASNIS 8E5BEULE TBAirSATLANTIQUX
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRB-PAitiaL
6alllng «v«ry Thursday Instead o£ **Sk£GW^
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from PUr *2* ¦••raffieS'
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. »70 and upwanJ. S«».
and class to Havre, 943 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AflENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building),,
New Tcrkl J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflo Co**;
Aa-ents. 8 Montgomery avenue. San Franciaca.
Tickets sold ty all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To TJ. S. HaTy Tard _ ana Vallejo.
STRS GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARKOW-9:45 A. M^ 12:30 noon. a:15 P. M..
6^0 P. M-, 8:SO P. M. («- Sunday). Sundays.
S : 45 A U. 8:30 P. M. Leave Vallejo. 7:0O
V M. O^OO A. M.. 12:30 NOON. 3:15 P. M.,
( .{OP ji (ex. Sunday). Sundays, 7:0O A. M..
4-15 P* M Fare one way. 50c Landing and
ofnee Pier 2. foot Mission st Phona Mala
1508.' HATCH BROS.
WeiyCai $ioo but Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Fagged brains and tired
bodies need rest and sleep
as well as "FORCE."
"FORCE" will do a
good deal, but it won't
do it ail. ;
- FORCE •* contains all that Is food (and noth-
ing else) from the wheat berry, which hma been
the maliutay of human life for a thousand gen-
erations. ,\ . .
PARAISO SPBINBS
Monterey County, Cal.
¦ The most popular sanitary and" health
resort In California. Completely renovated
and improved. No winds or fogs, and'sur-
passlngly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery, i Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and . particulars to F. W.
SCHKOEDER, Manager, or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU, 11 Montgomery st.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense ot
$260. 00O— New Management— ENTIRELY FIRE-
PROOF.
LOCATION — Very accessible to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN. .
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several ' private rooms In antique decorations.
Turkish Baths In Hotel. . .
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. D« Stel-
ger, Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef. to Prince of "Walei. ,.> .
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions in every room; long distance connections
made with any part of the Coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. ¦ Wash.
1 ; .
Pa.arp D0NT rAIL T0
laiaWW see , the beautiful
- ., j COURT Lounging
/iflfl. room, the EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
vip - : - J PALM ROOM, the
Iff/Hid LOUIS XV PAR-
Ui.Ula** LO j^ an( j the LA
O - 1 _| _ DIES' WRITING
Hotels : ROOM -SAN JOSE. May 23.— Th* J. W. Chllton
Company has been Incorporated here to han<lt«
fruit and farm products, with capital stock
of (50,000. of which $13,000 Is subscribed.
Trapper's Oil cure* rheumatism and neural el i.
Drurcists. 60o flask. Richard ft Co.. 400 Gi/,«
A motion for a new trial -was filed
in the- United States Circuit^ Court
yesterday ori' .behalf of George W.
Rumble, convicted' of -havinff used the
mails to defraud the public by & wild
cat mining scheme. The motion will
be -heard next Wednesday.
.Kuinbta Asks New Trial.
¦\Veddtns invitations and weddlngr-cake boxes.
Very superior. Edward S. Knowle*. 21 2d at. •
Boris Sarafoff. the Bulgarian chief
of- the insurrection in Macedonia, haa
ordered a light but strong automobile
for next season's campaign.
B.F.Stoll. dentist; Ilaight &. Masonic av.»
The attaches of the Board of Works
and Board of Education will play a
«:ame of baseball this .morning at 9:30
o'clock at Eighth and Harrison strets.
Will Play Baseball.
The Supreme Court yesterday re
fused the petition of the people for a
rehearing of the case against Ernest
Moore Chadwick, alias "Sir Harry"
Westwood Cooper, on the charge of
forgery. The much-married ex-convict
will therefore hp/ve a new trial. £
WJlTXot Grant Rehearing.
Hiss I. E. Connor will offer to the la
dies of San Francisco her entire stock
of fine millinery at greatly reduced
prices: $25.00 hat. $15.00; $15.00 hat
$10.00; $10.00 hat. $5.00. Sale beginning
Tuesday, 9 a. m. 138 Geary street •
Millinery Sale.
From foot of Market street, narrow gauge,
a new train. 5anta Cruz passenger N'V' BOS,
¦wiil Jeave at 9:13 a. m. daily except Sbnday
!or Boulflcr Creek. Bi* Basin. Eanta Cruz and
principal way ftatlons. Effective June 1.
Iraln No. 0o«, leaving 6am» station at 4:15
33. m- will rxt^nd service on Saturdays and
Sundays t-outh of Kan Jo»e to Santa Cruz and
may stations. Effective June 1. •
The following changes tn time of trains
leaving bread gauge depot. Third and Town-
F-nd streets, will go into effect June 1: No.
a*. leaving San Francisco « p. m. dally for
l>cl Monte. Monterey and Pacific Grove, will
?>e 'discontinued on- Sundays. No connections
ior Santa Cruz. Xo. 30. leavlr.j at 3:30 p. ra.
callv. mill extend Its service Kouth of San Jose
to Hollister. Tres 1'inos. Santa Cruz, Pacific
«Jrove und way stations. No. 44, leaving at 5
X>. m. dally except t-unday. will extend service
fouth of \jo* Gatos to Wright.
Changes in Train Time.
The Pacific Mail steamship City of
Sydney, which arrived from Panama
and Central American ports Friday,
brought the news from Salvador that
Isaac Lewin, one of the leading coffee
brokers of that republic, who formerly
lived in this city, where his brothers
are now prominently Identified with
the grocery business, is waited there
on a serious charge by the Government
authorities.
According: to the information received
here Lewin, who had been engaged in
business In Salvador for a number
of year3, recently disappeared after
failing to account for $30,000 due on de
liveries of coffee assigned to "him. His
disappearance raised a great furor
among the growers, who appealed to
the Government to cause his arrest.
Le\yin was traced to Honduras, where
he was arrested, but while j being
(brought back to Salvador by officers
who had been sent" after him the ac
cused escaped and is supposed to have
made his way Into Guatemala.
The Government of Salvador has an
nounced its intention to apprehend
Lewin at any cost, and to that end the
steamers touching at the ports in that
country are being searched and a care
ful lookout is being maintained by
agents of Salvador in Guatemala and
neighboring republics. When the City
of Sydney touched at Salvador the of
ficials stated that the opinion was en
tertained by the Government that Lew
in was somewhere in the eastern part
of Guatemala making for Port Barrios
with the view of reaching this country
by way of New Orleans.
Le win's method of alleged Irregular
dealings with the coffee growers Is said
to have been to give receipts to plant
ers for their coffee, which was shipped
to this city^ and when the money on
these consignments became due he
went to Honduras, leaving a clerk.
Jorge Castro, to face the trouble that
ensued. The authorities, however, con
cluded that Castro was in no way Im
plicated and he was released from cus
tody. ,
One of the alleged victims of Lewin
was a sister of Macarlo Urias, one of
the wealthiest coffee flnca owners in
Salvador. , L.ewin is well known In this
city, where he formerly lived. He vis
ited San Francisco only a few months
ago in connection with his business af
fairs here. When the City of Sydney
arrived Friday afternoon several In
quiries were made of the officers of the
vessel regarding Lewin by persons sup
posed to be acting for Consul General
Mejta. The latter, however, while ad
mitting that he had learned that Lew
in was a fugitive from Salvador and
was badly wanted by the -authorities
there, denied that he had received any
official instructions regarding the case.
Authorities of Southern Ee
luiblic Endeavoring to
Arrest Well Known Man
The programme of to-day's band
concert at Golden Gale Park is as fol
lows: "Star-Spangled Bannep"; march,
'"La Regina del la -Casa"; overture.
"Preciosa"; waltz, "Roses of the
South"; cornet solo by D. S. Rosebuck;
grand selection from "Babette,"
"Fantasia Meflstofele"; Oriental sere
nade, "The Star Dreamer"; reverie,
"The Roses' Honeymoon"; "Interna
tional Congress"; caprice, "Awakening
of the Lion"; "March Militaire."
The programme for to-morrow
afternoon will be as follows: "The Old
Flag Forever"; patrol, "The Blue and
the Gray"; overture, "Felsenmuhle";
waltzes — "Wedding |of the Winds"
"My Own United States"; "The Holy
City"; selection, "Faust"; "Tone Pic
tures From the North and South";
"Ave Maria"; "Reminiscences of
Stephen Foster"; "A Battle Scene"
selection, "King Dodo."
Park Conceit Projjraninies.
SAN SALVADOR
SEEKING LEWIN
Th« difference between the partners
seems to be over the possession of the
stock iti the Curtis, Collins & Hol
brook Company, a corporation doing
business in the southern part of the
rftatc. The stock, according to the
plaintiff, is worth S26S.550. He says
that for business reasons the stock,
though ;t portion of the assets of Tu
man & Holbrook. was allowed to stand
in the name of Holbrook. and that the
Jatter took advantage of this fact to
claim the shares as part of his indi
vidual assets. He says Holbrook mad*
ihis claim in January of this year, af
ter he hnd repudiated the partnership
and that he- has ever since refused to
acknowledge plaintiff's interest in th>j
stock and has also, says the plaintiff,
refused to account to him for money
he received during the last two years
for the sale of 100 shares of the stock.
Ceorge E. Tuman is dissatisfied with j
the manner in which his partner, C. I
II. Hoi brook, has conducted himself in j
connection with their business of pro
moting deals in limber lands, and he
wants the partiiership dissolved, a re
ceiver appointed and a decree of court
issued declaring that Holbrook is not
the sole owner of 1075 shares of stock
iri the Curtis, Collins & Holbrook
Company. His suit was filed yester
day.
PARTNERS Ql'ARREL OVER
THE OWNERSHIP OF STOCK
ficorsc C Tiiiikmi Appeals to Superior
¦ Court to Settle Hi* Dispute
With C H. Ilolbrook.
Baldwin & Howell have been appoint
ed agents for the sale of lots in the
block bounded by Forty-sixth and For
ty-seventh avenues and C and Fulton
streets. This block is the first one
along the Ocean boulevard north of the
park put oiTthe market in subdivisions
of lots 25x120 feet. It adjoins Golden
Gate. Park on Fulton street, has an en
trance to the park of Korty-seventh
avenue, Is one block from the life-sav
ing station and the street car line and
only a few blocks from the Cliff House
and Sutro Heights. A number of lots
have been sold already. A fine resi
dence on the west line of Forty-sixth
avenue is in 'course of construction. The
lots. are sold on easy terms and range
in price from $300 upward. The branch
ofllce of Baldwin & Howell at H street
and Seventh avenue, south of the park,
has full charge of this block.
Oscar Heyman.is building a cottage
on the north line of A street, between
Seventh and Eighth avenues, for Stan
ley Hudd, to cost $3500; a cottage on
the west line of Hoffman avenue, be
tween Twenty-second and Alvarado
streets, to cost $3000; a cottage to cost
$3500 on the south line of Alvarado
street,' between Douglass street and
Hoffman avenue; two'cottages on the
east side of Girard street, north of Bur
rows, to cost $2000 each, and three co't
tages to cost $3000 each on the south
west corner of Vermont and Twenty
fifth streets. • - * •"
j adjoining lots on Noe street, 25x105
: feet, an average of $450 each; four
i lots on the south side of Twenty-third
; street, between Castro and Diamond
j streets, an average of $450 each; six lots
j 25x114 on the north line of Eliza
' beth street, between Noe and Castro,
j $525 each; lot 25x100 feet on the west
1 side of Noe street, 75 feet south of
I Twenty-fifth, $650; two lots on the east
I side of Dolores street, south of Twenty
( fifth, 25x125 feet, $1850; two lots 25x114
: feet each on the south line of Duncan
, street,- $450; nine lots at or near the
j northeast corner of Twenty-fifth and
I Bellevue streets. 25x125 and 25x118 feet.
i at an average of $125 each; lot 27x101:10
feet on the east side of Ellen street, 33
j feet south of Duncan, $95; the gore cor-
I ner of Valencia street and Tiffany ave
nue, $4000; lot 25x100 feet on the north
' east line of Laidley street, between
• Harper and Fairmount streets, $500; two
lots 25x100 feet each on the north side
of St. Rose street, between Boyce street
and Parker avenue, $360; lot on the
northwest side of Mission street, be
tween Thirtieth and Brook streets, run
ning through to San Jose avenue, 30x162
j feet irregular, $2325; lot 50x100 feet and
frame dwelling at 1530 Point Lobos ave
nue, north side, between Fourth, and
Fifth avenues. $4400; eight lots on the
east side of Folsom street, north of
California avenue, 25x115 feet, at an
average of $140 each; lot 25x120 feet on
the west line of Seventeenth avenue,
between A and B streets, $300; lot 25x114
feet on the north side of Twenty-second
street, between Church and Sanchez
streets, $575, and lots on Twenty-ninth
street, between Castro and Noe, 25x114
feet, at an average, of $475.
James Otis will expend $18,000 in the
construction of a residence on the south
line of Broadway, 107:6 feet west of
Webster street.
Major Frank de L. Carrington ar
rived yesterday, from St. Louis, en
route to Manila. It is reported that
he has been ordered there to be tried
by a court-martial to explain how the
money that was appropriated by the
Government for the fitting out of the
provisional battalion of Philippine
scouts had been expended by him. The
scouts are now in % St. Louis. Major
Carrington will go on the transport
Sheridan", sailing for Manila on
Wednesday, June 1.
Immediately after registering at the
Occidental Hotel • yesterday the major
staj-ted off for army headquarters,
where he was closeted for a long time
with General MacArthur. • When asked
concerning the charges preferred
against, him of failing to report for
duty and neglecting to account for
fundg intrusted to his . care, he as
sumed an air of surprise and queried
in a quiet manner:" "What charges?
where did you read of them?" When
informed that they had been published
in The Call a week ago and had also
been referred to in the press dispatches
from Washington later, he replied that
he had not read them.
*'As to -the story about my failure
to report for duty," he continued, "all
that there was to tha^ was the fact
that the Washington authorities tried
to find me at a certain time and were
unable to do so. I reported afterward.
There was no trouble."
He admitted that he is on his way
to- the Philippines under orders, but
would not admit that he had been dis
patched to Manila to answer any
charges, and endeavored to convey the
idea that these charges were all news
to him. . , ¦", ; ::¦• •'
Commander of Scouts Says
He Is Ignorant of Charges
Preferred Against Him
HE IS NON-COMMITTAL
Baldwin & Howell report a great
number of sales in the Mission and
Potrero districts, north of Market street
and in the Western Addition, on Par
nassus heights, in San Mateo and the
following in the Sunset and Richmond
districts:
Lot on the west line of Twentieth
avenue, 220 feet north of California
street, 26x120, George B. Roswell to
Jeremiah Aher, $700: lot on the cast
j line of Twenty-third avenue, 200
feet south of California street, 25x120,
Margaret Barrett et al. to L. R. Fulda,
$500; lot on the north side of I street,
100 feet west of Twentieth avenue, 40x
100, A. Meyer to a client, $1400; lot on
the east line of Twenty-first avenue,
200 feet south of H street, 37:6x120, A.
Meyer to a client, $1500; lot at the
northeast corner of Twenty-first ave
nue and I street, 37:6x100, A. Meyer to
K. Van. Oterndorp Jr., $2100; lot and
Improvements consisting of new two
story and basement frame house of "6
rooms and bath, on the west line of
Twentieth avenue, 150 feet south of H
street, 25x120, Carrie Hanchette to
Mary E. Stubbe, $3800; lot on the east
side of Eighteenth avenue, 150 feet
south of H street, 25x120, Kate Spencer
to .Carrie Hanchette, $1025; lot on the
northeast corner of Lake street and
Second avenue, 60x88, James R. Wat
son to Charles A. King, $5000; lot and
improvements, consisting of a new cot
tage of 5 rooms and bath, on the east
line of Twelfth avenue, "250 feet south
of I street, 25x120. J. A. Rutherford to
A. B. Duessing, $3200; lot on the east
side of Ninth avenue, 150 feet north of
N street, 50x120, E. Wlerbltsky to T. J.
Moran, $1000: lot on the east line of
Nineteenth avenue, 100 feet north of I
street, 25x120, V. C. Hardin to Adeline
Pujol de Balart, $1350; lot on the west
side of Twenty-fourth avenue, 325 feet
north of Lake street, 75x120, F. F.
Ticronan to H. H. Sattler,, $3500; lot on
the east line of 'Nineteenth avenue,
250 feet north' of I street. 25x120, E.
Million to Clara M. Perkins, $1250;. lot
on the east side of Twenty-first ave
nue, 237% feet .' south of . H street,
37%xl20, A. Meyer to . a client, $1600;
lot on the east line of Twenty-first ave
nue, 175 feet north of I street, 50x120,
A.- Meyer. to 'John Bell, $2100; lot on the
west side of Twenty-first avenue, 225
feet south of H street, 25x120, A Mey
er to a • client, ¦ $1100; lot ; at the south
east corner of H street and Tenth ave
nue, 57:6x100," T.-Schad to E.'Welnlan
der, $4500; lot on the .west side of
Twenty-first avenue, 250 feet south of
H street, 25x120,- A. -Meyer to a' client,
$1100; lot on the east: side of Twenty
first avenue, 150 feet north of I street,
25x120, A. Meyer to a. client, $1000.
•'SolGetz & Son report the following
sales:. 25x120 on the east line of
Twelfth avenue, 175 feet north of J
street, with improvements, to M. Ad
ams:' 37:6x120 feet; on the east- line
of Forty-fifth avenue. 150 feet north
of V street, to N.W.' Hatch;. 37:6x120
feet on the east line of.Forty-fifth.ave
nue, 18*7:6 feet . north ro.fo.V street," to
Z. H..Garfleld; 25x120 feet on the east
line ; of Forty-sixth -avenue, 200 -feet
Center & Spader have sold for John
Center the northwest corner of Potrero
avenue and Alameda street, 46x200
feet, to a client for $9000. Through
the same agency Catherine Jones has
sold to John P. Leonard the northeast
corner of Guerrero and v Elizabeth
streets. 153x100 feet, for $15,000. The
same brokers have also made the fol
lowing additional sales:
East line of Walter street, 168 feet
south of Duboce avenue, 24x100, the
California Mutual and San Francisco
Loan and Benevolent Association to A.
J. Rcros, $3150; southeast corner of Six
teenth and Prosper streets. 30x103:6, N.
Ohlandt to William Hill, $3500; Bryant
street, 291 feet north of Twenty-first,'
25x100, John Center to Pierson & Per
sons, $1500; west line of Treat avenue,
125 feet south of Nineteenth street, 25x
100, John Center to Hugo K. Asher,
$1650; west side of Guerrero street, 90
feet south trf Twenty-third, 27x112:6,
Catherine Jones to F. J. Myers, $3000;
west side of York street, 202 feet south
of Twentieth, 125x100, John Center to
a client. $5500; south line of Hayes
street, 206 feet west of Clayton, 25x
131:6. R. S. Williams to James Bar
duhn, $2100; east side of Guerrero
street, 75 feet south of Twenty-third,
50x100, C. T. Spader to a client, $5100;
south line of Eagle avenue, 252 feet
east of Willow street, Alameda, 42x147,
E. W. C. Christianson to John R.
Roche, $3500, and five acres, in San
Mateo County, from Mrs. E. Martin
and Mrs. M. Tobin to E. L. Foster for
$12,500.
SOME RESIDENCE SITES.
Through G. H. Umbsen & Co.,
Claus Spreckels has contracted for the
purchase of 25x75 feet on the south
west line of Third street, 120 feet
south of Market street, which,
with other purchases, will give Mr.
Spreckels the entire frontage on that
side of Third street, between Market
and Stevenson.
Benjamin M. Gunn has purchased
for himself 57:6x77:6 feet on- the
northwest corner of Bush street and
Belden place, with improvements, for
about $115,000, being at the rate of
nearly $2000 a front foot. The exist
ing building will be reconstructed by
Mr. Gunn and leased.
I The closing of the past week was
1 marked by a sale of considerable sig
nificance as showing the westward
march of business interests along Mar
ket street. The deal was put through
by Thomas Magee & Sons. A syndi
cate, of San Francisco men has pur
chased from the Wertheimers, who
live In New % York,- their -property at
the southwest corner of Market and
I Twelfth streets, one block from Van
1 Ness avenue. The terms and also the
j names of the members of the syndi-
{ cate are not supplied. The frontage
j on Market street is 25 feet and the
j extreme depth, running along Twelfth
[street to Stevenson, is 165 feet.* .
! The lot is irregular, running back 50
ifeet, with a width of 25 feet, then in
creasing in width to 75:11 feet, which
I is the frontage, on Stevenson street.
i The improvements on the lot consist
: of two-story frame buildings. The
'plans of the syndicate are' not com-
I pletely formulated, but it is probable
j that good improvements will be con
, structed. Inside . properties in the
: Twelfth-street neighborhood have
i been held at $1500 a foot, but, that
I does not indicate the rate involved in
I the deal for the corner that has just
j changed owners.
• Two adjoining lots, each 25x50 feet,
{ owned respectively by Simon Clay
i burgh and E. F. Preston, and situated
j on Grant avenue, near O'Farrell
(Street, have been -sold at . the - rate or
1 nearly $5000 a front foot. Three
! realty brokerage houses were con
j cerned in the deal — A. J. Rich & Co.,
• representing Clayburgh; Thomas Ma
. gee & Sons, representing Preston, and
Baldwin & Howell the purchaser,
whose name is not made public. On
¦ the lots are two three-story buildings
that bring in about $600 a month
I Ui rentals. A handsome modern build
| ing" will be erected in their place. The
I purchase price of the land and im-
I provements was, in total, approximate
ly $190,000.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. received bids
as follows for the properties of the
Hibernia Bank at auction, subject to
the confirmation of the court: Lot,
137:6x137:6 feet, on the north side of
Washington street, 137:6 feet, west of
Mason, $18,250;"two lots on the soutft
line of Green- street, west of Baker,
25x125 feet .each, $1300 apiece; 50x
100 feet and two-story frame building
at 77 and 79 Ninth street, $38,000;
lot on the west side of Noe street, 75
feet south of Twenty-first, $625; lot,
26:1x100 feet, , on the northwest cor
ner of Liberty and Noe streets,. $1000;
lot, 25x123 feet, • irregular, on the
northwest side of Market street, be
tween Noe and Castro,* $3000; the
southwest corner of Eleventh and
Kissling streets. 106x100 feet, with six
two-story dwellings, $23,000; lot, 48:4
xlOO feet, irregular, and a -two-story,
dwelling at 1738 Mission street, $8500;!
two 25-foot lots on the northwest side
of Market street, between Sanchez and
Noe, $3600 and $3650; lot, 24x125
feet, and two-story house at 1031 Va
lencia street, $6250; lot, 125x114 feet,
and two-story dwelling on the south
west corner of Twenty-fourth and Do
lores streets, $5600; lot, 48:4x114 feet,
on .thje- south line of Duncan street,
between Church and Sanchez, $1250;
the northeast corner of Thirtieth ahd
Noe streets, 26:5x105 feet, $600; four
BANK'S PROPERTIES.
The ' Behlow Estate Company, .has
sold the southeast corner of , Second
and Xatoma streets, 4 8x75 feeti.with
old improvements, for $46, 000; also
to Calvin E. Knickerbocker and John
G. Barker, the northwest corner of
Second and Howard streets, 30xS0 feet,
with old improvements, for $29,000.
James G. Jones sold during the last
week, the" northwest corner of Lake
street, and Twenty-first avenue, 32:6x
100 feet,' to a client on. private' terms;
also the northeast corner of Ohurch
and Fifteenth streets; 85x100 ,feet/
jointly with H. S. Bodley & Co., for
$11,500, the corner going in subdivi
sions to clients of the two brokers,
who will erect elegant flats at once. '
Shainwald & Buckbee will auction
June 9.
- Madison' & Burke ' will sell ' proper
ties at auction next Tuesday. / •
G.-H.' Umbseh & Co: will auction
realty next Thursday, selling by order
of ¦" Referee Wellington 'Greece.
The C. M. Wooster Company has
sold the Tuohy ranch of 4500 acres,
four miles northeast of Lindsay, Tu
lare County, to the El Mlrador Land
Company for 5100,000.
The northwest corner of Van Ness
avenue; and Bush street, 60x100 feet,
with" residence, has been sold by Cal
vin E. Knickerbocker and John G.
Barker. : . -'¦':. -'. . .
LARGE COUNTRY SALE.
north of I street, to L. Lebenbaum for
§£50; 25x120 'feef on the east line of
Forty-sixth avenue, ! 2 25 feet south of
H street, to M. McVerry for $850; 25x
120. feet. on. the west line of Forty
eighth avenue, 87:6 feet north of L.
street, to M.* H. Carlin, and 25x100 feet
on the south- line of J. street, 57:6
feet east of Tenth avenue, to G. E.
Kroetz. •¦:•'.,• /'• ¦!yy"---<^
3fajor F. de L. Carrington
Keturns From St. Louis on
His Way to Philippines
Week in Realty Closes With a Deal Indicating That Buyers
Think Time Is Favorable for Securing Good Holdings on
Leading Thoroughfare of San Francisco as an Investment
MUST ANSWER
COURT -MARTIAL
SYNDICATE PURCHASES
AT TWELFTH AND MARKET
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALIJ; } SUNDAY,, MAY 29, 1904.
32
CHANCES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
And MotJier's
Comfort
And CUTICURA Ointmait,
the great Skin Cure.
Not only are ttey the purest,
sweetest, and most effective fot
preserving-, purffyino;,' and beauti-
fying: the Skin, Scalp,. Hair, , and
Hands of infants and children,
hst they r^c^instianV relief: and
refreshing' deep' for . $kin-tortt»ed
iabics, and rest for tircd'mothersi
in the severest cases of torturing,
disf igtirin j, itchingj' burning,
bleeding, scaly, crusted, and,
pimply skin and scalp humors,
eczemas, rashes, \ and irritations,"
with loss»of hair, and are sure to
succeed when > all else 'fails.
- Sojd throojioat th* wtkii Cotlcwm 'ftMksfcJotaU
meni,Xc., UesoWent, Vh. (In tons of ChocoltU Co»t«d
TiaJ of tit}. tvp*u> Imxloa. ZtCbvtrr-
boueffq.; Vui;£ Hnt^tU r tit: BtMUm, iSl Co\ombta
. «T Send lor " AH About lUbjVskln, Scmfp.^ad Otix." .
OUR STORE WILL
CLOSE ON SATURDAY
- AT 1 P. M. t DURING
THE MO NTHS OF
JUNE AND JULY.
ON OTHER DAYS
DURING THESE
MONTHS WE WILL
CLOSE AT 5:3O P. M.
Tailors & Merj's Furnishers
106-108 SUtTER STREET, S.F.
BULLOCK & JONES GO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gEZHnCCEEBnBHHHarBHBBHHHBBHBBBHHBBHnHBBBBBIIIBBHH
g Our entire stock will be m
I * SLAUGHTERED 5
.g at 29c on the dollar and less, beginning 5
¦ Tuesday morning, May 31, at 9 o'clock* |
5 Watch our windows andlook for oar !
a advertisement in Tuesday morning's S
¦ papers* g
m^^^ Wholesale Manufacturers HI
| jr 1142-1146 Market St. §
advertisements in THE CALL.
See pages 38 to 43..
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the ,
advertisements.
and
SITUATION WANTED
DOMESTIC HELP
Especial attention is invited to
the
_^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
feRE-AT SILK SALE
Begins Tuesday. Prices on IVew Summer
Silks Cut Almost in Half. A Fortunate Buy.
« F^l nrvr miW<5 A fortunate purchase by our New York buyer at
jl aiiv-^ «jiii\.;3 a great manufacturer's salr. The lot includes Satin
Foulards ::i browns and navies with pin dots; for shirt waist suits; sells
reguiarly for $r.oo a yard. Fancy Bourettes with the little dot or knob
effects; soils regularly lor $1.25 a yard. Plaids, checks, stripes, gun-
metai effects, with white stripe, black and white striped Taffeta, black
j and while with a jrrcnadine stripe. You may select from the fZQ^
j entire 'lot at, yard '. O"C«
t Rforlr Tnff^ti There being no black silk in the above lot, we
OidUtV I rtilCld have decide( j to ad d our re?u lar 36-inch black
Taffeta to make the sale complete. This is our regular $1.00 quality,
with which you arc thoroughly acquainted. Sale price for this 4ZQ-,
I \\\Y. :i:gn be :...- ¦: .PyC
DRESS GOODS SALE SUITS AND SKIRTS
First Floor. Second Floor.
50c Shepherd Check Suitings, $20.00 Walking suit, $11.75 —
25c yard — Biack and white, navy Fa^ncy tweed (all woo!) walking
nml white; a .iQ-ineh woo! and mo- suit in the latest Elon style with
fiair r.'.alcrial for *hirt waists and fancy trimming of novelty braid;
children's dresses. Regular very attractive little q*ti yjr
SOC quality. Spe<-:.ii 4CJL, su ; t . Special at V>/i./t7
75c French Voile Etamines, 48c $20.00 Silk Shirt Waist Suit,
yard — All wool, silk finished, very $15.00 — Made up in the very latest
j soft and vhcer: colors arc tans, summer style and includes all the
jr;ay>. brown, reseda, college red, ; a t cst modern ideas and effects;
hclios: also crcarri and black; shown in a large variety of
I some in wlain a;:.! some in seeded colorings. Special at C*1 r fin
I effects. The double width AQq *blty,UU
50c yard- 1 he ideal > fabricj for tucked and trimmcd f
tZr^\:"?^ Sggjg^ garment is e^cep-
v.cvc. ssnshtne fmfsb; width =-' i 1 ?" a J > rl * e " made: lh< : color , s
indies: colors brown, navy, sih'er "« bIack -' n . a Y v . S rav - tan and
jrray. royal blue and fast* black. cream -- Special at. ..... .^p^J
Regularly $1.00 yard. Spe- C(\~ "' ' V * "' ' "'. „. .
cial OUC $5.50 Washable Shirt Waist
.- , ¦ ic ,t. o 4 1 c Suit > $3-95— Made of mercerized
WAir)l oAL-t chambray and fancy mottled ma-
Seccnd Floor. terials; every garment is fancy
$1.25 Lawn Waists, 8gc — Good trimmed and you will find all of
quality of white lawn; tucking the latest summer col- q» ? Q gr
from "and back and new full OQ r orings. Special at <p0»^*J
pouch sleeve. Special at.. O^L> %2.T$ Linen Outing Skirts, $2.00
S5.C0 White India Silk Waists, Pure linen; tucked front and back
$3.50— l.r.cc trimmed front and and tailor stitched around the
back and tucked yoke; full pouch bottom; will give you lots of ser-
Bleevc and a well-tnade Q y Cfk vice. Special at ci Sin
garment. Special at *pO»*JU J)4.UU
STORE CLOSED ALL DAY MOXDAY, DECORATION DAY.
AUVSBTISEJZZNTS.
We call particular attention to the
following lines of DRESS GOODS,
LADIES' WAISTS and LADIES' and
CENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS which we
will have on SPECIAL SALE all this
week, commencing Tuesday, May 31.
46 pieces ALL-WOOL MISTRAL ETAMINE, 38 Inches
. wide, In the following shades; Tan, Gran, Cardinal,
Ecru, Mode, Seal, New Blue and Navu.
Price 35c Yard
Good Value for 5Oc.
70 pieces 45-INCH ALL-WOOL MIXED CHEVIOTS and
FANCY MIXED TWEEDS, These are In a great
variety of patterns and colorlncrs.
Price 50c Yard
Former Prices 75c ahd 85c Yard.
65 pieces 46 and 50 INCH IMPORTED NOVELTY
TWEEDS and FANCY CHEVIOTS. These goods were
Imported to sell at $1.50 and S2.00 per uard.
Present Price $1.00 Yard
175 LADIES 1 PLAIN WHITE INDIA SILK WAISTS,
trimmed elafcorateln with French Valenciennes
Lace, In sizss 34, 36, 38 and 40.
Price $4.50 Each
Regular Value S5.3O to S8.5O.
95 LADIES' JAPANESE SILK WAISTS, In NaYU, Brown
and White Grounds with small Polka Dots. This Is
one of the latest novelties In Summer Waists.
Price $5.00 Each
1800 dozen LADIES' and GENTS' LINEN HANDKER-
CHIEFS. This Is a special purchase and are In Un-
laundered, Demi-Laundered, Inltlaledj "Hand Em-
hroidered, LaGe Trimmed, Plain Hemstitched and
9 ani 11 inch Handkerchief Centers. The entire lot
are marked at less than one-half former prices.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
AlXYEB.TISE2£E25m.
|L Special Sales Jl
| Every Week
| China
| Crockery
I Glassware
Enamel Ware [
Household Goods 2
« Watch Our #
r Stores. jMi
Prices Talk. R
It Pays to Trade J
AT ~
Great American Importing Tea Go's
I Stores a* rani
861 Kark«t 210 Gnat an. 1419 Polk
140 Sixth 1819 Deviaader* TOB Lsrktn
475 Haijrh t 9COS Sixteenth 855 Hsjca
3285 Mission 621 Montff'y are. J2 M.wk«t
2003 Filhaore 2318 Mission 146 Ninth
« S86 Third 469 Fourth 2732 34th
All Styles. Guaranteed.
Ton know I Where th* dolls mwing la
the window.
1051 Market St.
EDISON PH0N06RAPH A6ENGY
PEtER BACIGALUPI.
933 Market Street - San Francisco
MOVED TO
786-788 Mission St.
EXPEST OPTICIAU.
If Yotr Want Perfect Vision
YOU SHOULD WEAR GKOUGE MAYERLE'S
ULASSEH.
For weak or nore eyes ir-ta ileorse M.iyerla's
Eyewater. 50c; by mail. l'2c.
To clean your kIjiwp^ uc»- CJeorjjn Mayerla'i
ANTISEPTIC Kyeelamt Wipers. 2 for UOc
. Send P. O. onler or Wella-Farco.
George Mayerle
German Exjxrt Optician. 'lOTl'fcrarkat St. S. P.
OTTWO DOOKa FROM 7TH ST.
ETES EXAVLMED FRSE.
Oj«a even ing 3 until 9»v i'hons South 513.San Francisco Veterinary College.
- Ne>t. session «ill bfirln 'June 6.* Catalogues
by applying to Dr. E* 1. Creely, 610 G. G. art.*
- A*JKNi*A; ; ?lay .28. ..-^ Emperor ; Francis ¦ Jo
s*ph-has>'appointed King lidwardia fleld mar
shal of the Austro-Hun&arlan' army. /«
TACOMA, 28.— Nome -; mail ad
vices via Dawson, dated March' 29. con
tain news of ' the discovery ; of : a ' rich
pay streak on Pine Creek, near; Nome.
The find Is said to be five feet wide and
two feet deep '. and s to rival; anything in
the Klondike. The claim on ; which
Special Dispatch to .The C»U.
. LIMA.* Peru, May 28.— According to
dispatches received here from • Rio
Janeiro the difficulties between Peru
and Brazil" over the Acre Territory
have been settled.
Charter Amendments, as it was deem
ed' too important -a.- question to pass
upon before . being • acted ' on in com
mittee.
Peru and Brazil at Peace.
Advices From Nome Tell of
the Discovery of a New El
dorado by Prospectors
Altata; in the Gulf of California,
'; /NQGALES, Ariz..- May 28.— Churles
V." Hammond, an English mining en
gineer, who secured several thousand
dollars by fraud from" banks No
gales,* Hermosillo\ and Tiuaymas; and
was r a.fterwarti; taken from a. ship at
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
Mining Eng ; iii£er; Accused
of Fraucj,, in the South
west, Leaps From a Train
, -A visit to 'famous groves of giant Se
quoias/ tho. largest trees in the world, is
Included -without .extra racpense. Ask at
Sartta'Eo office. 641, Market' street.- -*
- To holders of round-trip Eastern tick
ets oVer " any; road, and to their.,, friends
accompanying-, the' Santa :Fe ; . will sell
tickets to Yosemlte . VaJley and return for
A Raro Chance to Visit the Famous
/vi; 1 ,:-/:'-' .¦¦ r :f. -Valley.'. ' " • ¦ ?.. r -¦:•">.•
YOSEMITE FOR 325.90.
California and Paclflo Coast visitors
to the St. Louis World's Fair who may
wish to journey eastward can reach
principal cities and towns without chang
ing cars by going over the Vandalla-
Pennsylvania lines, the shortest route
from St. Ix>uis to the Kaat. A regular
daily service of seven through fast ex
press trains from St. Louis to Plttsburg
and the East enables passengers to leave
the World's Fair city at convenient
hours throughout the day. Purchasers
of first-class tickets to Philadelphia or
New York over Vandalla-Pennsylvania
lines may have them routed via Wash
ington tor the asking, permlttln* a visit
of ten. days at the national capital and
Baltimore- For further information
communicate with" E. M. Pomeroy, tz\
Market street, San Francisco, Cat, •
Trhw East From the World's Fair.
MINERS LOCATE
SEAM OF GOLD
HAZARDS LIFE
FOR FREEDOM
Loss of Her Hair Results From the
Virulent Attack of Typhoid
Fever.
LONDON, May '28.— A3 tne result of
typhoid , fever, from'whicn she is suf
fering, Mrs. Hugh Tevis has lost her
beautiful hair. The noted American
beauty's illness continues to be criti
cal.
ILLNESS MARS BEAUTY
- OF MRS. 'HUGH: TEVTS
N. Boyd.* employed ,by A. E. : Boyd,
was fo'urid frozen • to' death near Mis
sion,- Golovin Bay, -this week. Stephen
A. Stanton was frozen- to death . J In
Nome RiverV*»He had worked on Ban
ner Creek. • • •
the streak .was located 13 owned by
Stanley Kuzek. ; '-
He was being brought to Nogales
for trial before Civil Judge Castelan,
the banking house of Sandoval & Co.
of Xogales, Sonora, being one* of the
heaviest losers by his frauds. Ham
mond selected a rough, country near
Imuris to carry out his bold plan of
escape. He surprised his guard, Jose
uuarte, knocking him down and run
ning to the door.; 1
. Hammond Jumped from the expresi
while It. was going at the rate of forty
miles an hour. He alighted on his feet
and escaped into, the undergrowth. -
The guard, Duarte. is ' in - jail at No
ga les. while officers frQm Imuris have
taken Hammond's trail. - He may not
be caught, especially if he gets into
th> Sierra. Madres, the refuge of many
outlaws. *
jumped from the International Ex
press this morning and made his
escape.
LOXDOX. May 28.— Mrs. John W.
Mackay has arrived at Carlton House
Terrace. Princess Colomia will be with
her for a while. Mrs. C. A. Spreckels
and Miss Spreckels arrived from Paris
during the week.
6p<»?ia] Cable tr> The Call and New York Tier
aid Copyrtuht. 19O*. by the New York
H»rald Publishing Company.
Californian* in London.
"Yes. I think I do," replied General
MacArthur, and scanning the faces qf
a number of the Filipinos which were
smiling into his. he added rather
sternly: "I guess I have met a number
of these gentlemen before."
General MacArthur spent half an
hour with the party and then took
formal leave, but not until he had ex
tended an Invitation to those present
to visit the Presidio before their de
parture for the East.
• Tuesday the party will board the
Government . tag Slocum at 9:30
o'clock and enjoy a trip around the
bay and a visit to Mare Island. The
excursion of the visiting Filipinos to
Asti was necessarily postponed. A.
Sbarboro was unable to secure a car
for to-day or for either to-morrow
or Tuesday, the reason for the failure
being the great demand for cars for
the regular, holiday business of the
railway." ,Mr. Sbarboro has requested
the guests toe remain over until after
Wednesday, which is the earliest tim«
that transportation facilities can be
secured. If a favorable answer is re
turned the excursion to Asti will take
place on -Wednesday. . ¦.':"•
The Filipino delegation, spent ths
greater part of yesterday in sightsee
ing, which included a trip to Golden
Gate Park and the ocean beach and
the Presidio.all of which deeply, intea
ested the visitors, the majority I of
whom had discarded their lighter
clothes of the previous day for the
warmer tweed and experienced no ap
parent discomfort from the cool and
fog dampened! atmosphere at the
westerly end of the cits'.
During the forenoon General Ar
thur MacArthur. accompanied by his
aid. Major Parker West, visited the
Palace Hotel and paid his respects to
the men from the Orient. A^ W. Fer
guson, secretary of the Philippine
Commission, presented the more not
able members of the party to the
army commander, among whom was
General Trias, who was second In
command of the Philippine troops un
der Aguinaldo. '
! "This Is General Trias," remarked
Ferguson. "I suppose you remember
him?"
FOR3IER FOES MEET.
closing speech- was made by
Commissioner A.' W. Ferguson, which
was of a more or less humoroire char
acter. He' opened his remarks by say-
Ing: -,'T wish my. exuberance of flesh
Don' Ramon 'Genato spoke in Eng
lish. He said he was glad to be in
America and was amazed at the size
and grandeur of San Francisco. r He
only voiced the sentiments of his col
leagues. • ¦ ' '
"They worked with a conscientious
ness that impressed us. The sword may
make slaves, but never friends* and we
w.ere conquered not, by the sword, but
by reason. The relations existing will
become closer, and what, the United
States gives in love and friendship will
not be lacking in the Filipinos in re
turn. I am convinced you will soon
bring into realization the grandest ideas
conceived by President McKinley, who
said it was his greatest desire 'to bring
happiness and prosperity to eight mil
lions of people.' .'
- SPEAKS. IN ENGLISH.
"."I refer to General Smith, who later
was appointed Collector of Customs of
the Philippines and subsequently As
sociate Judge of the Supreme Court at
the- same time I was appointed. . The
civil, commercial and penal code of the
Filipinos had to be changed at the time
the United States assumed charge and,
ajlhough" this involved tho . greatest
labor and work, the Commissioners
worked diligently and kindly and re
tained all the good points of the old
code. You can hardly imagine the
labor of digesting the Spanish juris
prudence and formulating the new
legislation of the Philippines. The great
power of the United States, which is
not only great enough to conquer the
Philippines, but a nation three or four
times as large, was not needed after
our people had met the kindness of the
civil authorities as represented in your
best. men. . ¦ \ ' • ¦ ~
Californians, and among the latter I
have observed a feeling of good will
and fellowship for the Filipinos. Among
many, I shall limit myself to men
tioning one illustrious Californian
absent .in the Philippines who, after
finishing his term as military Governor
of Xegros. after having prevented the
insurrection rife in Panay from spread
ing to Xegros, had to exercise his au
thority to. prevent the people of Xegros
from, gratefully retaining him there by
force. .
"The people have been granted privi
leges that take them to a higher plane
than that on which they formerly
stood by expounding the superiority
of the American system of govern
ment. I take pleasure in expounding
this to the Filipinos now iji arms
against the authority of the United
States, as it shows them how far it Is
above what they had in Spanish-times,
to attract them to tlio United States'
sovereignty. My ¦' doing- this, 1 ; in order
to point a moral between American
.ihd Spanish regimes in the Philip
pines, ha3 raised the ire of the Span
iards in Iloilo. It was demonstrated
that the American system was nearly,
perfect, while that of th<\ Spaniards
v.\as defective- Regarding Filipino ag
riculture, the destruction of war has
wrought such tin -effect that unless it
is soon remedied it will soon disap
pear. The. first thing needed is for
tobacco and sugar to have free entry
into the ports of the United States.
The suppression of duties could not in
jure the United States, because the
present sugar production In the United
States does not represent one-half of
the consumption. The FUlplno meth
od of cultivating sugar is primitive
and has its drawbacks and could not
compete with the industry in the
States. Another. need is the estab
lishment of agricultural banks, and
the new mortgage law renders the
question of titles beyond question, so
that such banks lending money on se
curity would do a better business than
in the United States. Lastly, what is
PRIVILEGES FOR PEOPLE.
Judge of the military Government of.
the Twelfth Judicial Civil District. He
spoke as follows:
"Toastmaster and distinguished citi
zens of California: I desire to express
gratification and thanks for this mag
nificent exnresslon of good will, feeH
ing doubly thankful for more than one
reason. First as a member of- -.the
Honorary Commission of Filipinos -to
the St. Louis Exposition; also as a
member of the great agricultural as
sociation of Panay and Negros and also
as from the city of Hollo. The code of
your municipal organization introduced
by the Americans is one of your fore
most works; it reveals the purposes
and noble ideas entertained by the
United States for the uplifting of the
Filipinos.
"We do not have to make a trip to
San Francisco to learn of the tiospl-,
tallty of Americans, and particularly
United States Senator George C. Per
kins spoke at' length upon- the early
conditions of California, and of the
great transition that had taken place
in the State. Originally a Spanish do
main and filled more or less with peo
ple of untutored habits and nature it
had now grown to be one of the grand
est States in the whole Union. It. was.
regarded as such throughout. the world.
It is the nearest State and the open
seaboard to the Philippine Islands. The
whole Philippine Islands will certainly
within a few years see the greatness
and grandeur of the Government that
is ruled by the stars and stripes. This
commission, formed of the highest gen
tlemen of the Philippines, has come
here that the members could see for
themselves the grreataess of our ' form
of government. Every : man • had a
chance to take an interest in the gov
ernment of the country. As a'Caiifor
nian he welcomed them-to the State,~as
.did every . other American citizen. '.
Following Senator Perkins, the Hon. j
Victorino Mapa, Associate Judge of the
Supreme Court of the Philippine Isl- :
ands, aaid: ......
"Toastmaster and Illustrious Califor
nians: Upon reaching the shores of
your bay two feelings strove. for mas
tery, the feeling of admiration for the
greatness "of "the 'work .you have
wrought on the shores of this bay. when
I think that fifty years ago there-was
nothing .here but a puebla of a : f ew
houses, and the feeling of. gratitude -for .
the hospitable welcome extended to the
commission. The feeling of admiration
has caused me* to, think of the grea^
smallness of J the Philippine Islands
when compared"' with the grandeur of
the United States,' as referring to the
material side of the question: the sec
ond,- the- sentimental -gratitude of the
Filipinos. < ... .
mostly needed is railroads in order
that American civilization, ¦ progress
and ideas may be spread throughout
the. archipelago, and that railroad ma
terials may be admitted free of duty
into the Philippines. If the Philip
pines owe their political and religious
redemption to the United States they
also desire to owe their material and
progressive redemption . to them."
GREAT TRANSITION.
TOASTMASTER AND TWO OF THE PRINCIPAL SPEAKERS AT THE BANQUET GIVEN KA.ST NIGHT IN •r- T E PALACE HO
TEL. TO THE HONORARY BOAUD OF FILIPINO COMMISSIONERS TO THE WORLD'S FAIR BY THE COMMERCIAL
BODIES. OF SAN FRANCISCO. ••-. • ¦-..-.' ' * ¦ \
Following Mayor Schmitz came Sr.
Don Juan de Leon, representing the
municipal Government of Hollo and ex-
At the conclusion of this speech there
was great applause and enthusiasm
on all sides and the flistinpuiv.hed visit
or was obliged to rise and express his
thanks by a profusion of graceful Fili
pino bows.
Mayor Eugene Sr-hmitz v.as next on
the programme. . He was in his hap
piest vein. Representi.13 the citizens
of San Francisco, he extended the free
dom of the city to the prentJemen of the
Philippines. He assured them that our
welcome was warm, sincere and hearty,
and that we were delighted to have
them in our midst. He told- them that
the welcome we extended here was only
a forerunner of what they would re
ceive during their entire trip in the
United States, and he was sure that
when their visit was finished they
would be glad to know what kind of
people and what kind of friends they
had In the United States.
"Senor Toastmaster and Citizens of
California: I will begin by asking your
pardon for not being able to address
you in our new tongue. I can hardly
express my gratitude and that of the
members of the commission for the
kindly and cordial reception we have
received from the citizens of Califor
nia. Although appointed by * the
United States, our. commission was
ratified by a meeting of Filipino citi
zens before our departure, therefore
we represent the entire body politic
and social of the Philippine Islands
and tender to you cordially all the
good will -that abides in the hearts
of the Filipino people to our brethren
on this side of the water. Be assured,
gentlemen, that all the manifestations
of good feeling and good will of which
we are the recipients will be resounded
throughout the islands, for all eyes
are fixed upon the commission as well
as upon the people of the United States.
The persons who carried the former
civilization to the Philippines carried
the rattan and 'Showed us the way to
heaven,' but tha new civilization,
which also comes from this side,
'shows us not how to die, but how to
live.* It was due to the commission
presided over by Governor William II.
Taft and four colleagues that th.e Fili
pinos began to feel a real attachment
for Americans; I may also include the
work of the Hon. Arthur W. Ferguson.
I therefore propose a toast to the citi
zens of California :uid our neighbors
on the other side of the Pacific.'.'
GREAT APPLAUSE.
The first Filipino speaker was the
Hon. Trinidad H. P. de Tavera, who
responded to the toast, "Our Guests."
He spoke as follows, the Hon. Arthur
W. Ferguson interpreting:
STRIKING ADDRESS.
He was sure that the intelligent Fili
pino knew this to be the state of af
fairs, and he was glad to see that so
many representative Filipino gentlemen
had come across the Pacific to see what
America was like. He knew they would
be proud when they looked upon the
manner in* which ' the United States
was governed, and when they could
see that every man under the Stars
and Stripes had a voice, and could con
tribute to the ruling of the affairs of
the nation. The more they saw of
America the more they would be im
pressed with what the American Gov
ernment means.
Professor Moses next spoke at length
about the existing relations of the two
countries, or, rather, of the connection
between the United States and the
Philippine Islands. Great good could
only be the result of the alliance, he
said.
The speeches of all the Filipinos
except that of Don Ramon Genato
were delivered In Spanish and were in
terpreted in a successful manner by
Commissioner A. W. Ferguson. Mr.
Symmes welcomed the visitors in
a speech filled with warmth and good
feeling, which was received with ex
pressions of delight by the guests.
The honorary members of the Phil
ippines Commission to the St. Louis
Exposition were banqueted at the Pal
ace Hotel last night. The entertain
ment was tendered by the commercial
organizations of San Francisco, head
ed by the Chamber of Commerce, as
sisted by distinguished officials, in
cluding the Governor of tbe^ State, the
Mayor and representative's of the
army and navy. The affair was^a
handsome one In every way and the
Maple Room never presented a more
beautiful appearance. The tables were
arranged in horseshoe shape and
loaded down with a wealth of magnifi
cent American Beauty roses inter
spersed with tall silver candelabra with
golden shades. F. J. Symmes was
toastmaster of the evening.
HOSTS AT THE BANQUET.
Thomas Addison.
G. L. Belcher, E. X. Bee. E. E. Ber
gin.
General X. P. Chipman, J. P. Currier,
Hon. George A. Carter.
W. J. Dutton. "W. G. Dodd. E. G. Den
niston, George de Urioste, Major C. A.
Devol. U. S. A.
Bernard Favmonvllle.
C. H. Hilbert, J. J. Haviside, James
Horsburgh Jr., J. B. Hays.
S. D. Ivesv
Major C. R. KrautshofT. G. M. Kyle.
John 0. Kirkpatrick.
Dr. Hartland Law. R. H. Lloyd, W.
Y. Loaiza, Vlncente L. Legarda.
William H. Marston. Jeremiah Ma
hony, Irving J?. Moulton, George W.
McNear. Professor Bernard Moses. Ma
jor Ueneral MacArthur.
Charles Nelson. -
E. S. Pillsbury, S. Plummer. Edward
E. Potter, Hon George C. Perkins,
Professor Carl C. Plehn.
R. E. Queen.
James Rplph Jr., Mr. Robbins.
Oscar Sutro, Frank J. Symmes, An
drea Sbarboro. James B. Stetson, Hon.
Eueene E. Schmitz.
Joseph B. Toplitz.
James K. "WilsonJ X. "vVesthemier, F.
A. Week, Colonel Parker W. West.
A.'L. Young.
would diminish as the Spanish sov
ereignty has diminished in the Philip
pine Islands. False impressions on
both sides of the water have been
spread. The visit of this commission
here will unquestionably do a great
deal to correct tne erroneous ideas that
may be now existing. They will learn
and th«y will fully understand after
their visit to this country what they
have sworn to obey.
'"They will be as loyal sons to
America as all of us are. Since our
friends of the commission have been
•here they' have professed the most
extreme thanks for the charming
courtesy that ttfey have received from
your hands, and I doubt if during their
entire visit throughout our country
that there will bey-any memories that
will linger as pleasantly In their minds
as tho reception, the cordiality and the
wholesome good feeling: that has been
extended to them by the eitlzens of
San Francisco.". At the conclusion of
Commissioner Ferguson's' speech,
which was delivered in English, a re
quest was made by one of the Filipinos
that he repeat the final sentences in
their own language. He did so, and
his remarks were received with an
ovation of applause from the foreigft
visitors. Hosts at the banquet were:
Supervisor Eggers objected to any
change being made in the budget, al
t hough he .would have liked to see
enough money given all the depart
ments to meet their respective plans.
Supervisor Bent Indorsed the motion
.of Boxton and said be hoped the
' hange would be made, for the School
Department certainly needed every
cent possible.
Speaking for the Finance Committee,'
Supervisor d'Ancona said the commit
tee would rather strike out the entire
item than, have it cut in half, as pro
posed by Boxton. The roll was caHed
and the motion lost by a vote of 11 to 5.
The vote expressed the strength of the
linance Committee, and every other
effort to make a change was turned
down by practically the same figures. "
In raiiid succession motions were
made to strike out the apportionments
for the public convenience station at
Fifth and Market streets. $7500: the
construction of a new elevator in the
west end of the City Hall.- $7500. and
:he erection of poles for decorative pur
poses on Market street, between the
ferry and Second street, £3500. but each
motion was as rapidly voted dov.-n.
Supervisor Lunstedt would not give
up even then, and moved to insert in the
tiiidfret an apportionment of $5000 for
the construction of a fire engine house
rn Ashbury Heights. The chair ruled the
motion out of order, as it v.as not ac
«nmpanied by any motion to strike out
*om<? other equivalent item.
Supervisor Alpcr? moved to strike
out the public convenience at Fifth and
Market streets and a^ld instead the
ronFtruetSon of an engine-house at
.\tihbury Heights. As the first portion
Of hi? motion had been previously de
feated the chair ruled him out of or
der, 'out at the reouest of D'Ancona the
question v/as put to a vote and met the
cam* fatfi as Sts predecessors.
Prior to the vote lwing taken Lun
stedt afked that the representatives
of th? police .ird Hre departments be
¦ allowed to address the board relative
to tbe m-eds of their res&ective depart
ments, but Supervisor Oomte objected,
end when the question was put to a
vote it vas lost.
The final voV? on the "adoption of the
budget resulted in 12 ayps and 4 noes,
ATpers?, B«--nt. Boxton and Lunstedt
votlmc in the negative.
.. Just prior to adjournment Supervisor
P.raunhart asked for a suspension of
the rules ar.d the passage of the fol
lowing rc-soiut ion : •-- - , - s y 7 ;
BRALMIAirrS .RESOLUTION-.
"Whereas. The voters of the.cjty and
county of Sab PivuuJsco have on two
different occasions by » majority vote
emphatically declared Sn favor of the
municipal ownership and operation of.
the property known as the Geary
street Railroad; and
"Whereas. A two-thirds vote is nec
rssary to authorize the issuance of the
bonds of the city and county for the
purpose of constructing or recon
structing said road prior to its opera
tion bv the municipality, and such au
thorization lms not yet been obtained;
and
"Whereas, A petition has been filed
with this board asking for a franchise
to be granted to a private corporation
to operate a railway over and upon
said "Geary street, which petition has
not been f?rant<»d; and. #
"Whereas, The city and county of
ft*n Francisco has now the free and
unobstructed right to said street for
any public purpose. Including that of
tli*» construction and operation of a
street railway: now therefore be it
"Resolved. By the Board of Super
visor!?, that the Committee on Charter
Amendments be and it is hereby in
structed to report to this board an
amendment to the charter to be sub
mitted rit the next general election,
such amendment to provide for a spe
cial tax in excess of the 'dollar limit'
of taxation sufficient to raise a sum
for the conversion, construction arid
equipment of the Geary-street railway,
in accordance with the plans and esti
mates of the City Engineer now on file
in the office of the clerk of this board."
The resolution was referred to a
Joint committee on Public Utilities and
OBJECT TO CHANGES.
The budget recommended by the Fin
ance Committee of the Board of Super
visors has been passed to print. carry-
Ing with it apportionment* amounting
to J7.SS4.S3C for the year 1904-05. The
passage of the document was not ac
complished without a struggle, for
there was sufficient opposition to cause
some doubt in the minds of the com
mittee before a vote was taken on a
motion to strike cut one-half of the
first Item. As soon as that vote had
been taken the fate of the entire budget
vas Kettled.
Mayor Schmitz was unable to attend
the meeting of the board yesterday
niorning. hence Supervisor Branden
etein. chairman of the Finance Com
mittee, presided, and In calling the
meeting to order reported that all re-
Quests and protest* had been consid
ered by the committee, but that it had
been decided to recommend the passage
to print without any changes in the
original amounts. Supervisor d'Ancona
added that the request of the School
Department for a larger appropriation
than the budget allowed had been con
sidered, but that It had been concluded
to make no change, as the amount that
the committee had figured as a surplus
of the school fund could be considered
as pert of the apportionment, despite
the contention of the School Board to
the contrary. If any increase in any
amount was made it would cripple
some of the permanent improvements
specified, in the budget, and the com
mittee did not wish to do that.
In order to bring the question to an
issue Supervisor Boxton moved to re
duce the apportionment of $150,000 for
the Twin Peaks auxiliary water supply
s-ystem to $75,000. His contention was
that the $150,000 could not be properly
spent in one year and that by reducing
the amount one-half it would leave suf
ficient money to apportion for other
matters which were being slighted,
particularly the Police Department, the
F;re Department and the school sys
tem.
"I have not expressed any opinion
about the re-election of Senator Bard
and it would be improper for me to.
do so at this time. I have said that
I found him able and considerate and
a colleague whom I admired, but as to
saying anything about his re-election
I certainly did not nor would I at this
time. It Is entirely too soon to talk of
such matters, even if I wanted to. and
I can positively state that I have not
expressed an opinion regarding -the
matter. I do not know who my col
league will be and it would be very
unbecoming for me. at this time, to
give any expression of preference."
The First Congressional District,
which is overwhelmingly Republican,
has practically declared for Duncan K.
McKinlay as the Congressional candi
date from that district. That district
is Mr. McKlnlay's old home. There he
delivered his first speeches for the Re
publican ticket and won recognition;
by. national leaders as a man whose
services on the stumn were valuable
to the party. According to his for
mer neighbors Sonoma County will
send a solid delegation to the convene
tion pledged to secure his nomination
as the Republican candidate . for Con
gress. .
Current rumor has had it for several
days that Senator Perkins was pro
claiming for the re-election of Senator
Bard. The senior Senator, however,
says it would be unbecoming for him
to express any preference at this time.
When asked regarding the rumor he
said: T 4 l" .^
There is more or less discussion in
the Republican ranks as to the place
of meeting for the August convention.
Sacramento 13 anxious for the gather
ing, but the claims of Santa Cruz as
a convention city are deemed prefer
able by those who have attended con
ventions in both places. Among the
leaders of the rank and file the senti
ment is in favor of Santa Cruz" and
that city is likely to get the Republi
can State Convention in August
McKIXLAY FOR CONGRESS.
! The men who will this year act ai
the executive committee of the Re
publican party of California were
named by Judge Albert G. Burnett
yesterday afternoon and they will see
that the Republican party rolls up an
unprecedented majority In November.
In selecting: the committee of twen
ty-one, which Judge Burnett was au
thorised to do by the Republican Stats
conventiqn held in Sacramento May
18 and 18, great care was taken not
to have any one named who could bo
pointed out as factional or as any
thing, but a stanch Republican. Con
sequently the list contains no names
over which there could be raised any
doubt as to their loyalty to the party.
The committee will be called together
some time this week and will respond
in the following order:
T. H. Selvage of Humboldt County,
E. F. Woodward of Sonoma County.
R. T. Devlin of Sacramento County.
¦Charles H. Spear of Alameda County,
John A. Britton of Alameda County,
P. S. Teller of Alameda County, Al
den Anderson of Solano County; I. W.
.Hellman Jr.. J. K. Wilson, George
Stone, John D. Spreckels. W. S. Wood.
Frank Schmltz and Dr. W. B. Coffey.
San Francisco: J. O. Hayes of Santa
Clara County. Thomas Flint Jr. of San
Benito County. A. H. Ashley of San
Joaquin County. J. W. McKinley of
Los Angeles County, J. S. Slausson of
Los Angeles County. H. W. Lynch of
San Luis Obiapo County and L. A.
Wright of San Diego County.
APPROVE COMMITTEE.
The personnel of the committee
meets with the hearty approval of the_
Republicans of San Francisco as ex
pressed by the members of the Union
League and kindred organizations.
The question of chairman will be tak
nn up when the committee meets dur
ing the week and as there is consider
able honor to be accredited to the
man who is at the head of the Repub
lican campaign in California when
this State casts the party vote for
Presidential electors, there will be a
friendly contest for the honor.
At the present time General George
Stone of San Francisco and Thomas
Flint Jr. of .San Benito are the prin
cipal aspirants for the position. Mem
bers of tile committee decline, at this
time, to state any preference, preiter
ring to leave the matter to the con
sideration of the committee when it
assembles.
Inasmuch as the committee has no
authorized head at present, Jacob
Steppacher, secretary of the organiza
tion, will call the meeting to oi-der and
ask for nominations for permanent
chairman. That meeting will deter
mine who will have the honor of di
recting the campaign of Theodore
Roosevelt in the State of California in
1901. .
Visitors Speak in
Their Native
Tongue.
Sonoma County Will Sup
port D. E. 3lcKinlay as
Candidate for Congress
yriLL MEET THIS WEEK
Express Delight at
Cordial Wel
come.
Talk on Finance,
Good Will and.
Twenty-One Prominent Re
publicans Are Chosen to
Guide Party's Campaign
Many Items Attacked, but
Complete Keport Goes to
Print on Divided Vote
APPEAL MADE IX VAIN
Board of Supervisors Refuse
to Alter the Amounts, Sub
mitted by the Committee
Citizens Royally
Receive the
Islanders.
BURNETT NAMES
THE COMMITTEE
PHILIPPINE COMMISSIONERS TENDERED
BANQUET BY COMMERCIAL ORGANIZATIONS
BUDGET FIGURES
ARE UNCHANGED
SAN .FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY. 29, 1904.
Pages 33 to 44
Pages 33 to 44Yesterday afternoon the lithographic
firms of the Pacific Coast ten
dered a complimentary banquet to
Max Schmidt, president of the Mutual
Label and Lithographic Company, on
the eve of his departure on a tour of
the world. Those present were:
I Toast master, B. S. .Hubbard, presi
dent of the Lithographers' 'Association
Pacific and Union Lithograph Com
pany, San Francisco; E. Bosqui. presi
dent, and : James Shean, manager, of
the Bosqui Engraving and Printing
Company; Mr. Rey, president, and Mr.
Halpln, manager, of the Brlttan &
Rey Co.; Messrs. Schoning & Olsen of
the Galloway Lithographing Company;
E. Mitchell of the Art Lithographing
Company; Louis Roesch of the Louis
Roesch Company; I* 1 A. Craig, presi
dent of the Los Angeles Lithographing
Company; James Moffltt of Blake, Mof
fltt & Towne; E. L. Hueter of the Cali
fornia Ink Company; Colonel Filmer of
Filmer Bros., electrotypers; Richard
I. Whelan of the R. I. Whelan Com
pany, and Messrs. R. Schmidt, man
ager, C. Rahsskopff, superintendent,
and Henry C. Wehr, secretary, of the
Mutual Label and Lithographing Com
pany.
Lithographers' Banquet.
Trainer Lcieh Honored in France.
PARIS, May , 28.— The French
Humane Society has given a hand
some prize and gold medal to Eugene
Leigh, tte American trainer, for the
exemption of his stables from brutal
ity, the thoroughness of their sanitary
equipment and the special care given
to the horses. This leads French turf
critics to make sarcastic references t f
the alleged American methods of e' I
ing stimulants to racehorses.
Trnpshooters Will Compete.
Trapshooters.from all over the State
and some from Portland, Or., will
compete in. the initial tournament of
the Pacific Coast Trapshooters' ' Asso
ciation, which will commence this
morning on the Ingleside grounds.
The tournament will close to-morrow.
More than 10,000 bluerocks will be
used at the meeting.
Vanderbilt's Chaser a Winner.
PARIS, May 28.— W. K. Vander
bllt's Bright won the Steeplechase
Club's prize of $1600 at Colombes
races to-day.
Many practice games were played,
but ah a rule the contestants did not
pair off well and the scores were
rather one-sided. H. L. Tickner and
John T. Dare- were in excellent form
when they beat George Center and J.
W. Stott by a score of 21 to 1 and 21
to 3. Mr. Dare is a new player, but
bowled like a veteran yesterday. Mr.
Tickner played his usual good game.
David O'Brien and Samuel Irving
played the closest game of the day.
The score in Mr. O'Brien's favor was
21 to 20. The scores follow:.
H. L. Tickner and J. T. Dare beat
G. Center and J. W. Stott, 21 to 1
and 21 to 3; H. L. Tickner and J. T.
Dare beat A. Hay and G. Center. 14
to 6 ; . M. L. Crowe and G. C. Patter
son beat James Gray and Dr. Guhn,.21
to 5; G. C. Patterson and James Gray
beat M. L. Crowe and Dr. Gunn, 21 to
9; Joseph Gray and Dr. Gunn beat W.
R. Eaton and G. C. Patterson, 21 to
17; David O'Brien beat Samuel Irving,
21 to 20; James Mearns beat A.
Wilkie. 21 to 16; J. M. . Duncan and
Joseph Gray beat Dr. Gunn and G. C.
Patterson, 21 to 15; W. A. Cook- and
Y. C. Lawson beat J. C. Moffatt and
John Reid, 21 to 18; -the Rev. Mr.
Logan and .William Watson beat S.
Irving and J. W. Elder, 21 to 6;<J. S.
Webster and the Rev.'-Mr. Logan beat
J. W. Elder and W. Watson, 21 to 16;
C. J. Smith beat A. E. Beyfuss, 15
to 10. ¦ . -^
No tournament matches were played
by the Scottish bowlers yesterday on
the Golden Gate Park green. As it
was the last day in which to finish the
preliminary round of the singles all of
the matches went by default Many
of the players were on hand, but their
opponents were absent.
David O'Brien Defeats Samuel Irv
ing by the Close Score of
21 to 20.
CHICAGO, May 28. — "Frankie's
next fight has been arranged," said
Jim Neil, father of the bantam-weight
champion, to-day. "I have fixed it up
for him to meet Gus Bezenah before
the West End Athletic Club of St.
Louis on June 9. We are to get (1000
guarantee and the pair will meet at
118 pounds ringside. As for a chal
lenge from Abe Attell, we are ready
to take it up. If Manager Bloom
wants to make a match we will fight
in California, twenty rounds, 118
pounds ringside. If the pair get to
gether on the coast they will draw a
record house for boxers of their
weight-
Will Fight Bczenah in St. Louis Next
Month and May Meet
Abe Attell.
SEVERAL BOUTS IN VIEW
FOR BOXER FRANKBE NEIL
BOWLERS PRACTICE ON THE
GOLDEN GATE PARK GREEN
William Weed of 1101 Miss'on
street was knocked down by a west
bound Mission-street car last night at
the corner of Mission and Fourth
streets and received severe injuries.
On his removal to the Emergency Hos
pital it was found that he had sus
tained a laceration of the nose and a
possible fracture -of the skull. The
streetcar men claim that Weed was
under the influence of liquor at the
time of the accident.
Henry Lill of 803 Treat avenue, an
employe of the Union Transfer Com
pany, was driving his wagon at Sacra
mento and Franklin streets last night
when one of the wheels dropped into
a hole in the street with such force as
to throw him from the seat. Instead
of landing on. the ground he was
caught in the harness and dragged for
a distance of two blocks \before he
could release himself and stop the
team. While not seriously Injured, he
was so badly bruised that it was neces
sary to take him to the Emergency
Hospital for treatment.
William Weed and Henry lill Are
Treated at Hospital for Acci
dental Injuries.
MAN IS STRUCK BY A CAR;
ANOTHER DRAGGED BY TEAM
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards— Horton
won. Jake second, Kilmorie third. Time,
1:45 Vi.
Fourth race, Kentucky steeplechase, about a
mile and three-quarters — Sea Pirate won, Pres
grave second, Faraday Jr. third. • Time. 3:30*4.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Woodclalm won,
Charius second, Madison Square third. Time,
1:01. . . ' •
'CINCINNATI. May 28.— Latonia summary.
First race, six furlongs — Red Thistle won,
lole second, Two Penny third. Time, 1:14H-
Second race, five furlongs — Nicola won,
Geneva Lee second, Dlxe^lle third. Time, 1:02.
Third race, six- furlongs — King Ilose won,
Ben Morris second, J J T third. Time, 1:14%.
Latonia Race Results.
Jack Munroe settled down to work
In e;irm»st at Shechan's lteach Tavern
yesterday. His principal work was
done in the afternoon, when he and
Andy Gallagher, the well-known ama
teur heavy-weight, went four fast two
minute rounds. The big fellow did not
want the general public admitted, so
only a small collection of friends had
the pleasure of seeing him go through
his initial day's work.
Munroe showed up extremely well
in his bout with Gallagher. The lat
ter is an unusually clever boxer, yet
he found it difficult to hit the miner.
He was shifty from the start and
showed much speed In every round.
Gallagher succeeded in hitting him
several good wallops in the stomach,
but the bl6\vs did not seem to affect
the big fellow In the least. He proved
cool and collected and those who saw
him box several years ago were pleas
antly surprised at the marked im
provement
Before boxing with Gallagher Mun
roe punched the bag, hit the sand
bag for a while and tugged at the
wrist machines. He will settle down
to hard work gradually and expects
to gain muscle and strength doing his
stunts by the sea. He will box again
with Gallagher thl3 afternoon.
The Butte Miner Shows. Up Well
and Prove* He Is Not Afraid of
a Punch.
MTJXROE BOXES FOUR FAST ?
HOUNDS WITH GALLAGHER
PRELATES SAT ADIEU
TO CARDINAL SATOULI
ROME. May 23.— Cardinal Satolli.
accompanied by his cousin. Father
Ercole; his private secretary, Father
Marucchi. and a second secretary,
Father Lulgi, left for New York Fri
day. There were gathered at the rail
way station to bid him good-by many
high prelates and dignitaries. Car
dinal Satolli repeated that he was not
charged with any mission, adding:
"I am going, attracted to the United
States by pleasant remembrances ot
my sojourn there. I have many good
friends In America, so I anticipate
great pleasure in revisiting: the noblq
country."
Owing to the disagreeable wind
blowing and the fact that two hard
days of tournament play are before
the players, the attendance on the
tennis courts was lighter yesterday
than usual on Saturday afternoons.
The cracks who will figure in the
tournament to-day rested in to
be fresh.
One of the most interesting doubles
matches seen on the courts for eome
time was that between Harry Weihe
and Grant Smith and Drummond Mac-
Gavin and Herbert Schmidt. Weihe
haa played but little of late and was
a trifle unsteady at the start, but
played his usual clever game in the
last three sets. Schmidt supported
MacGavin well, and, although they
won but one of the four sets played,
their opponents had no easy time beat-
Ing them. Smith and Weihe did some
fast and clever work at the net, while
their opponents were best in the
back court. MacGavin and Schmidt
won the first set, 6-1. Their oppo
nents won the second set by a Similar
score. The third set was the closest
and finally went to Smith and Weihe.
The fourth set was a repetition of the
third. The score was 1-6, 6-1. 8-6, 6-4.
Weihe and MacGavin then Joined
forces and played Schmidt and Dr.
Hill. The college cracks were too
strong for their opponents and beat
them two straight sets.
Will Allen seems to have lost his
skill and rarely wins a practice match.
He was beaten yesterday by both Ray
Cornell and Carl Gardner. Cornell
beat him 9-7 and Gardner beat him
10-8, 8-6.
Car! Gardner and Herbert Long
played a fast practice match in the
morning. After losing the first set,
6-8, Gardner pulled out the next two
handily. Gardner had a lead of 5-2
and 40-15 in the first 6et, but Long's
clever strokes pulled him through.
The loser was rather careless In the
la.Bt two sets.
Chet Smith and Ray Cornell played
three sets, two of which were won by
the former. Smith lost the first set,
but had no difficulty winning the last
two, the third being a love set.
Herbert Gray beat Ben Wood, win
ning two sets out of three.
Dr. Lovegrove beat H. Spring In
straight sets. The doctor Is improving
rapidly and seldom loses a match.
Schoolboy Golfer Is Champion,
GARDEN CITY, L. I.. May 28. —
Harold Wilcox. the St. Paul schoolboy
who was entered aa a member of
Montclair. N. J., Golf Club, won the
Metropolitan golf championship by
defeating Percy R. PjTie, second, here
to-day by a score of 3 up and 4 to
play.
Wright Defeats Lamed at Tennis
BOSTON. May 28.— William A. Lar
ied, former national tennis, champion,
A-as defeated to-day by Beals C.
CVrlght of Boston in straight sets at
he Country Club. Brookllne. 6-4. 6-5.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
<PacIfic Ccast League.)
W.L.P"ct.| W.L.P"ct.
Oakland 34 24 .586 Los Angeles.32 28 .533
Tacoma .^... 33 25 .509 San Fran. .. .25 32 .438
Seattle 31 25 . 554 1 Portland 10 37 .302
San Francisco can win almost any
old kind of a game from Portland pro
vided the little hit comes in occasion
ally. They won yesterday and at that
they did not have to hit the ball any
too hard. The tramps from the north
did more of their posing stunts on the
bags and absolutely refused to come
in when they should, so the game end
ed 7 to 2.
Mr. Houston had his troubles in big
chunks during the sixth inning, when
the Portlanders executed the marvel
ous feat of getting one run on four
hits. Nadeau, Beck and Francis sin
gled. On Francis' hit Nadeau started
to come in after a bad throw had been
made to the plate. It seems that
Leahy had placed a mask on the line
and Shea went over to remove it.
When the ball came in Leahy let It
go through him.
Nadeau made the plate and then the
howl was raised. The San Francisco
players contended that Shea ha % d
balked Leahy and the umpire ruled
that way. Then the Portland players
gathered around in bunches on the
field and for ten minutes the diamond
looked like the scene of an old-time
riot.
Finally the players gave in and got
back into the game. The first ball
that Jones tried to pitch fell out of
his hand and resulted in as palpable
a balk as ever happened on a ball
field. This the umpire could not see
fejid he refused to allow the batter to
take his base. Another rough house
followed and this time the fans Joined
ia the roast.
Anyhow, the Portlanders got the
worst of it this time, and they had to
get in and play the best they could.
Murphy came* through with a single
to left and brought Xadeau in. It
looked like a victory for the Browns
right there, but the next two men
were dead ones, so the last chance had
flown.
Young Druhot had his control with
him, but he got bumped rather reg
ularly when the locals needed runs.
The game was slow and dragged along
for two hours and ten minutes. Jones
pitched good ball and struck out eight
men. On Decoration day there will
be two games between the same teams.
The first will be called at 10:10 a. m.
on the Oakland diamond and the sec
ond at Recreation Park at 2:30. The
score:
San Francisco— | Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
Hldbnd.If 3 1110 Drnan.cf 5 0 13 0
Wldrn.cr. 5 12 10 McCde.rf 3 12 10
Meany.rf 6 14 3 llNadau.lf. 4 1110
Irwin.Sb. 3 12 1 0,Beck,2b.. 4 0 2 11
Masey.lb 4 10 7 2,Francis.s 3 0 14 4
Andrsn.s 4 12 2 0 Mrphy.lb 4 0 14 0
ReltcSb..- 3 0 0 1 RStelmn,3b4 0 18 1
Leahy, c. 4 0 18 1' Shea,c... 4 0 15 4
Jonea.p... 3 10 3 a Druhot.p. 4 0 0 0 3
Totals. 34 7 12 27 9* Totals. .13 2 10 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0—2
Base hits 20 1 11400 1—10
San Francisco... 20002003 x— 7
Base hits 81003023 x— 12
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Maszey. Drennan. Hildebrand.
Three-base hit — Waldron. Errors — Beck 2.
Francis, Steelman. Two-base hits — Irwin,
i*ahy. First base on errors — San Francisco 2.
First base on called balls— Off Jones 2, oft
Druhot 4. Left on bases — San Francisco 8,
Portland 8. Struck out— By Jones 8. by Dru
hot 4. Double stays — Meany to Maseey'; Steel
man to Murphy. Balk — Jones. Time of game
— 2 hours and 10 minutes. Umpire — Houston.
Oakland Shuts Out Angels.
LOS ANGELES, May 28. — Oakland
bunched four hits on Gray in the fifth
Inning* and won the game with three
runs. Buchanan pitched great ball
and scattered the hits so well that the
Champions could not get a man across
the plate. Barring the fifth inning,
Gray pitched a good game. Score:
Los Angeles — t Oakland
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Toman, ¦ 4 0 1 2 8 Ganly rf 4 0 1 0 0
Flood. 26 4 0 1 2 5 Franks, s 4 0 1 0 4
Bmlth. 3b 4 0 1 0 lKruger.cf 4 114 0
Brnrd. cf 4 0 1 O 0 Echlfly.2b 4 0 0 0 3
rravth, rf 4 0 0 4 0 Mkmn lb 4 0 0 11 0
Ross, If . . 4 O 0 1 O Devrx 3b 3 1 1 2 2
Whelr. Ib4 0 0 11 2, Byrne, c. 4 1 1 7 0
Eager, c. 4 0 3 5 1 T.Strb. If 8 1 1 2 0
Gray. p.. 3 0 0 2 8'liuchn, p. 3 0 10 1
•Chase ..10000
_ , Totals.83 4 7f26 10
Totals. 36 0 7 27 20
•Chase batted for Gray |n ninth Inning.
?Smith out for Interference.
RUNS AND HITS BY .INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0000000 0* 0 0
Base hits 1.0 1110111—7
Oakland 0000300 10—4
Base hits 01004011 0 7
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Ganley. Francks, Bernard. Er
rorm—Toman. Smith. Ganley. Francks. Home
run — Kruger. First base on errors — Los An
geles 1, Oakland 1. Left on bases— Los An
geles 9. Oakland 2. Base on balls — Off Gray
1. Struck out — By Buchanan 5 by Gray 2
Double plays — Toman to Eager' to Flood to
Wheeler to Flood to Eager. Smith to Toman to
Wheeler. Wild pitch— Gray. Hit by pitcher—
Devereaux. Time of game — One hour and forty-i
five minutes. Umpire— McDonald
Seattle Tastes Defeat.
SEATTLE, May 28. — St. Vrain made
Seattle bow down to-day, six hits be
ing all he allowed, and they would not
cut any figure In the score had not
Truck Eagan fumbled twice. Score:
Seattle— Tacoma—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Mhler,2b 4 0 10 4 Doyle, rf 2 1 l 3 o
VnHn.cf 4 0 0 10 Bhehn.3b 4 0 10 2
Dlnty.Sb 2 0 1 1 2 Nrdke.lb 8 10 8 1
Frisk. If 4 0 2 2 O Eagan.ss 4 0 2 3 3
t-'mlih. rf 3 0 0 2 0 Lynch. cf 4 2 0 4 0
Urshr.lb 4 2 2 fl 0 Ca*ey,2b 4 0 13 2
Hall, es. 4 0 0 0 6 McLln.lf 4 0 2 2 0
Hlk.«hlp,c 4 0 0 6 2 Crahm.c 4 0 0 3 0
Chields,p 3 0 0 0 0 Kt.Vrn.p 4 0 0 12
Total*. 82 2 6 27 13 Totals. 33 ~4 ~7 27 10
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1—2
Base hits .0 00 2 O 2 1 0 1—0
Tacoma 1 10 10 10 0 0 — I
Base hits 1 1.1 2 0 2 0 0 0—7
SUMMARY.
Errors — Hall. FrUk. Eagan 2. Two-bare
hits — Brarhear 2, Sheehan. Three-base hlts^
Eagan, Casey. Sacrifice hits — Smith, Van Hal
tren. Double play — Hall to Mohler to Brash
ear. Bases on balls — Off Shields S, oft St.
Vraln a. Struck out — By Shields 4, by St.
Vraln 2. Left on bases — Seattle 8, Tacoma 4.
Time of game, 2 hours." Umpire — O'Connell. .
About 5000 of the 240,000 Inhabitants
of Sao Paulo, Brazil, are Germans. Un
like the Italians, who go back to their
native country after earning a compe
tence, the Germans make Brazil their
permanent home and help to pay the
taxes." •• - . .
The record equaled was that for the
half-mile, 1.56 4-5, and was done by £;.
B. Parsons of Yale. He could have un
doubtedly passed these figures had he
been pressed.
On the Jump-off for the medals Mc-
Lanahan cleared the bar at 11 feet 0
inches, but these figures will not stand
because they were made after tha
event had ended.
PHILADELPHIA, May 23. — Yale
University carried off first honors In
the intercollegiate championships on
Franklin Held this afternoon after a
hard fight. Instead of twenty points,
as predicted, only nine points sep
arated the New Haven representatives
from the old rival, Harvard. The
Cambridge men beat Pennsylvania by
only 1 1-3 points. The scores of tha
eleven-point winners are as follows:
Yale, 34 1-3; Harvard. 23 1-3; Penn
sylvania, 24; Princeton. 15; Cornell*
15; Syracuse. 10 1^3; Colgate, 6; Colum
bia, 6; Amherst, 4; New York Univer
sity, 2; Haverford, 2.
Yale took three firsts, two seconds,
one third and seven fourths; Harvard,
three firsts, one second, one third and
one fourth; Pennsylvania, one first,
four seconds, three thirds and on<>
fourth; Princeton, one first, two sec
ond<?, one third and two fourths; Cor
nell, two firsts, two thirds and one
fourth; Syracuse, one first and ona
third; Colgate, two seconds; Columbia,
one first; Amherst, one second and one
third: New York University and
Haverford, one third each. Besides
this Yale, Harvard and Syracuse di
vided first honors in the pole vault.
Tho performances of the men were
as fine as seen at any college meet.
Two intercollegiate records were
broken and a third was equaled, whllo
In several other events the time mado
was within fractions of the best fig
ures. J. B. Taylor, the colored mem
ber of Pennsylvania's track team,
broke the record of 43 2-5 seconds ia
winning the quarter-mile run. He fin
ished - two yards in the lead, running
easily.
The, pole vault record of 11 feet 7
Inches was passed and the new figure
placed at 11 feet 7*4 inches by R. B.
Gring of Harvard, H. L. Gardner of
Syracuse and W. McLanahan of Yale,
who were tied for first place.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs: purse; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
12 to 1— Juan Bellardo,114 Heav) 3 1111
2 to 1— L'ht Braid, 115 (W.Nrvz) 2 8 2 2 Hi
Even— Abydcs, 102 (Crosswth). 1 2 1%3 3
Time, 1:01%. Start poor. vTon handily,
second and third driving. LlMle Ward 100,
Madeline Mangln 100, Dr. Blrdsall 107,
Buncombe 100. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Flv» furlongs; leHlnr: three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 5— Titus. 107 (T. Clark >... 1 1 ii 1 1
6 tol— Sir D*igal,102 (H.Smith) 1 8 1%2 l
12 tol— Vlrgie D, 108 (Llnton).. 4 2 Vi 3 2
Time 1:01%. Start poor. Won first three
driving. Flourish 107. Young Morello 110,
Gibraltar 112. Ragnarok II 108. Constanta 107,
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Five furlongs: selling:
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Urbano. 106 (T. Stewart) 2 1 1^1 4
3 tol— Brennus. 107 (H. Smith). 10 2 1 2 1
12 to 1— Breton. 107 (Bozeman).. 9 8 1 3 %
Time. 1:01 >,S. Start good. Won easily, sec
ond and third driving hard. Pachuca 10O.
Amoruna 105, Thaddeus 107. Spry Lark 105.
Blondura 100. Magnelone 105 Pencil Me 107,
Katunga 100, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlong*; three-year-olds
and up; sellinc:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
10 to 1— Crigll. 100 (H. Smith) 3 lUiH
5 to 1— Cathello, 119 (Bozeman).. 2 2 12 1
5 to 1— Tom Slavin, 124 (Heavnr) 8 8 131
Time, l:15Vj. Start good. Won easily, sec
ond and third driving. Tarrlgan 114,- Ripper
119. Judge Voorhles 122, Maud Browne 108.
Sol Llchtenstein 121, Myrtle H. 119, Resigned
100, finished as named. .
SECOND RACE — Four furlongs; two-year
olds; selllne:
Dotting-. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin,
7 to 1 — Mary Pepper. 100 (Bozmn) 3 21 12
7 to 2— Leah. 108 (Williams) 2 13 2h
3to 2 — Only Junmie. 112 (Hevner) 6 7 3 K
Time. :484. Start fair. Won first three
driving. Steel Wire 104. Edith Vice 104, Anita
Knight 109. Iron King 107. finished as named.
Gruwcll's . fllly, Crigll, which was
played for a killing at her last appear
ance and lost, won easily to-day at
10 to 1, unsupported in the betting.
Urbano and Titus were heavily play
ed at close odds. Titus was pressed
hard by Sir Dougal. Light Braid and
Abydos were heavily backed in the
sixth race, but were handily beaten out
by Juan Bellurdo, a 12 to 1 shot.
The feature of the Decoration day
races will be the third meeting of the
two-year-olds, George P. McNear and
Sea Air. The summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olda
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. K Fin.
U to 10— Keogh. 107 (Bozeman)... 4 2 1 UJ
8 to 1— Montoya. 121 (J. Chorn). 2 11 21^
2 to 1— Moor. 121 (Buxton)...... 1 4 1H32
Time, 1:18H. Start eood. Won first three
driving. Tom Fox 114, Declmo 107, Maxtreas
105, El Pllar 116, Sam Lazarus 124, Esforzado
114. finished as named.
PETALUMA, May 28.— The racing at
Kenilworth Park to-day was witness
ed by a large crowd. Betting was live
ly and the books did well. The feature
of the day was the close finish between
Keogh. and Montoya. Keogh was tho
favorite, and Montoya, at long odds,
surprised the talent by her showing.
Mary Pepp»r, Leah and Only Jim
mle\ ran a close race in the second.
Only Jimmie distinguished himself by
a gallant finish.
Visitors 3Iove Slowly When
on the Bases and Hits Do
Not Bring: in Many Tallies
J. B. Taylor, Pennsylvania's
Colored Sprinter, Breaks
the Quarter-Mile Eecord
Crigli Is Overlooked, Yet
She Beats Field in Clev
er Style at Good Odds
Most of the Stars 3Iaking
Ready for the Tournament
Which Will Begin- To-Day
ONLY JBDriE ES T ER0XT
SEVENTH RACE— Purse; three-year-olds
And up; one and three-sixteenth miles.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Neversuch. 105 (Cocolo). 3 3 7 12
¦ 2 to 1— B. McCarthy. Ill (Dale) 5 2h 21
15 to 1 — Ld. Tennyson,96 (Walce) 1 14 3 5
Time, 2:05!$. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, J. K. Hughes' ch. g.. 4, by Mlrthful-
Clymena. Bourke Cochran 100, .. Barca 108,
Strada 103, Landola 107, Dawson 109. O'Reil
ly 110. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Purse: four-year-olds and
up; six and a half furlongs. - *
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 1— One More, 106 (Wallace). 8 15 12
2 to 1— Sid Silver, 104 (Howeli). 2 2 6 2 10
8 to 1— Caterpillar, 106 (Austin). 4 33 3 2
Time, 1:23V&. Start poor. - Won easily.
Winner. J. H. Carnes' b. g., 6, by Soundmore-
Queen Victoria. Ethel Davis 106, Thlsbe 104,
Duela 99, Bengal 113, Fickle Saint 100, finished
as named. .
FIFTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
purse; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Bt. «i Fin.
Even— Just So, 91 (L. Wilson).. 7 13 1 10
10 to 1— Doeskin, 104 ) Hodgson). 1 2 2 2 1H
3 to 1— Harvester, 97 (H.Andrsn) 3 4 1%3 n
Time. 1:46%. Start good. Won pulled up.
Winner. E.A.Chinn & Co.'s ch. g., 3. by George
Kessler-Verlly. Bard of Avon 106, Mayor
Graham J7. Buccleuth 106, Velo« 102, finished
as named.
FOURTH RACE — Mile and a sixteenth;
purse $700; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Jack Young, 100( Wallace) 2 8 In
2 to 1— Deutschland, 112 (Dale). 4 8 1VJ2 n
5 to 1— Dr. Stephens, 102 (Irvln) 3 113 2
rime, 1:51 & Start good. Won hard ridden.
Winner, G. C. Baker's br.h.,4,by Lamp Lighter-
Jafcnetta. Tower 87, Pathos 02, Taby Tosa 107,
finished aa named.
THIRD RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two- year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 1— Dishabille, 104 (Fauntlry) 1 8 2 In
4 to 5— All Black. 100 (Wallace). 7 2n 2 1ij
11 to 2— Gay Adelalde.100 (Watsn) 2 4 3 3 7
Time, :57%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Bennet & Co-'s b. f. (2) by King's
Counsel-Nightgown. Paddy Frelghn 103, Clara
Forrester 104. Edith May 104, Braden 107,
finished' as named.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds; Durse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
7 to 2— Merdella, 95 (Perkins) tt la 14
0 to 5— Wth. of Ivy, CO (J.Hennsy) 7 4 5 2 1
2 to 1— Debbie May. 98 (Andertn) 4 3 n 3 8
Time. 1:17%. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, J. C. Cahn'a b. f. (3) by Russell-Me
morial. J. Relff 97, Pink Marsh 100, Mengls
97, Mlllbrook 101. St. Roche 100. Don McCut
105, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, May 28.— Jack Young
threw a form somersault at Delmar
track this afternoon and easily beat a
field which ran over him a few days
ago. Deutschland and Dr. Stephens
were at his neck at the post. Taby
Tosa was best, but was cut off. Dish
abille showed she is a first-class filly
by again defeating All Black and other
good ones. The track was faster than
it has been this season. Attendance
8000. Twenty-five books cut in. Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE— Six and a halt furlongs;
four-year-olds and upward; pursa:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Caelana, 92 (Rice) 2 2 1*411
15 to 1— Kerala, 92 (Perkins)..... 6 4 1^,2 l'4i
lOtol— Auleg. 101 (Wilson) 5 G l'jH 2
Time, 1:25. Btart poor. Won easily. Win
ner, McCraner Company's ch. m. (4) by First
Mate-Sechelsea. Goodman 99, Boundle* t»i,
Lillio Long »2, Arak 9C. Jim Wlnn 101, Khaki
104, Happy Chappy 105, Wlsaendlne 99, Alflo
103. finished as named. Alflo and Wlssendlne
caught In barrier.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — Mile and an eighth; handi
cap; three-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horn*, Weight. Jock«?y. St. % Fin.
16 to 6— Andy Williams. 115(Redfn)3 12 1 1H
7 to 2— Illyrie, 94 (D. O'Connor) 2 2^21
9 to 6— Hello. 110 (O f Neil) 4 32 3 2%
Time. 1:55. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. R. Thomas' b. h. by Klngstock-
Carmenclta. Himself. Ethics, Leader finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; spelling; maid
en two-y«-ar-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. pin.
» to D— Asterisk. 106 (O'Kell) 7 3 1 1 lft
6 to 1— Halt & Pepper. 10S (Shaw)l 2 2 2 2&
40 to 1— Diamond Flush, #><H.Cch)3 1 h 3 %
Time, 1:02. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. N. Bennlngton's ch. c. by St. Gatlen-
Starlet. Mistress of Rolls. Torchello. Raiment,
Sachem. Little Buttercup, Captain Sam, Old
Hal, Matador, Jerucha, ! Knight of Weston,
Fountain, Red Reynard finished as named. .
FOURTH RACE — Mile and 70 rarda; the
Preakness stakes for three-year-olds.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i. Fin.
3 to 2— Bryn Mawr. 108 <Hild)..:8 5 2 11
7tol—Wotan, 108 (Lyne),.- 1 22 2n
7 to 2— Dollle Spanker, 115(Shaw)2 12 3 10
Time. 1:44 1-5. Start fair. Won driving:
Winner, Goughocre Stable's b. c. by Athel
ing-Maggle Weir. Careless, Baseful, Alfon
ten, Klummula, Possession, Lord of the Val
ley, Pentaur finished aa named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
the Mahanset stakes: for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. «i Fin.
15 to 10— tAugur 019 (Redfern)... 1 2^1n^
10 to 1— Dlamond.lG7 (E.Walsn). 2 12 2 314
13 to 10— Pasadena, 107 (Lyne)... 7 6 3 3 8
Time. 1:07 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J; R. Keene's c. g. by St. Leonard-
Seeress. Austin Allen/Belle- Signora. Knight
of Pearl. Maximilian, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— About two rollea; handi
cap steeplechase- for four-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. SC % Fin.
8 to 5— Jdge Philips 152 (J.CBrn) 1 4 8 16
8 to 1— Flying Virg'n, 135 (Helderj 2 13 2 2
6 to 1— Ragd Cavalier, 150 (Daytn) 4 2 l^J 3 .
Time, 3:68. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, G. Schwartz's ch. g. by Georgetown-Aunt
Cal. Lee Ridley. Phllma. Paxton, Whinera>,
The Virginian. Princess Chic, finished as
named. v
NEW YORK, May 28. — It was only
natural that Bryn Mawr, which-was
second to Delhi in the Withers, should
win the Preakness stakes at Gravesend
track to-day, but it was the manner
In which he won it. that aroused the
admiration of the spectators. It i'J
true he was in receipt of ten pqunds
from Dolly Spanker, whose form at
Morris Park had been excellent,, but
the Goughacres colt fell far out of
the race in the first half mile because
of the sizzling pace and also because
he suffered considerable .interference
that few expected to see him overcome
the long lead held by Dolly Spanker.
When the field strung out around
the far turn, however, and 'it was seen
that the purple jacket of Bryn Mawr's
rider was steadily overhauling those
in front, a wave of enthusiasm swept
along the densely packed quarter
stretch and through the two enormous
stands, and the final gallant victory
achieved by the Pennsylvania colt was
cheered to the echo. The triumph was
partly due to the alertness of Hilde
brand, his Jockey, who lost not one
foot of ground, but who made his
mount cling to the rail. Dolly Spanker
ran rather wide, much as Irish Lad
had done in the Brooklyn handicap.
Bryn Mawr came on next the rail and
half a furlong from "home it was
clearly seen he • would win. Dolly
Spanker was reeling from the effects
of the fast pace set.
Flammula, the great tip, ran un
placed. Summary:
FIRST RACE — About eix furlongs; handicap;
for all ages: - . ¦ ¦
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. 8t % Fin.
40 to 1— Graceful. 06 (H. Cochran) 2 1^1 315
7 to 1— John F 08. E. Walsh) ... 7 21 2 n
S to 1— Jack Ratlin. 03 (Hildbd). 4 6 2 3 8#
Time, 1:09 3-6. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, Falrview stable's b. r. by Goldfinch-
La Cacbuca. Collector Jessup. Athel, ' Shot
Gun, Rosetlnt, Kohinoor. finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; thre*-year-olds;
purse : '
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 5— Burlelgh 112 (Larsen).. 5 1 1^1 2
5 to 1— Fred Leppert. 115 (Nlcol). 1 2^28
20 to 1— Vestina Belle, If* (Rbns) 8 7 2. 3 1
Time 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner S. C. Hildreth's ch. g. by Ben Strome-
Barcarola. Lanark 112. Sir Andrew 112. Tapl
ola 105. Mayor D. S. Rose 110, Duncan 107, fin
ished as named. - • - 5 j
FIFTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
30 to 1— Harrison, 102 (N'lco!) 2 2 2^1 2
1 9 to 2— Glorlosa 105 (Lansen). . . . 5 3% 2 1
Even— Havlland. 107 <I,awrence) 3 M4 33
Time 1:46. Btart good. Won easily. Win
ner S. C. Wagner's blk. c (4) by Fre« Knlght-
Mlety. Major Manslr 100 Sambo 115. Zyra
1C6, Albany Girl 07, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Howe. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Colonial Girl. 112 U'ollak) 1 12 11^
2 to 1— McGee. 123 (Lawrence)... 5 3 2 2 8
10 to 1— Lurallghter. S5 (Stille)... 2 .4 % 3 Vt
Time. 1:53 1-5. Start good. . Won handily.
Winner C, E Rowe's b.' m. (5) by Meddler-
Springtime. Blackwolf 92, Huzzah 104, Jerry
Lynch 03, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; Vernal stakes;
two-year-olds: -¦
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. SC % Fin.
1 to 4— Kurtzman, 118 (J. Sheeh) 12^12
8 to 1— Scotch Irish. 113 (Kelly). 4 3 2 2(5
13 to 1— Vldalla. 113 (A. Booker). 3 1 2%3 1%
Time. 1:01 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Fred Cook's ch. c. by The Commoner-
Marion O. Luzarion 118, Envoy 106 Marsh
Redon 107, Freefleld Count 113, Palmdale 100,
finished as named.
. Time, 1:00. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, E. E. Sm&thera' b. m., 6. by St. George-
Vantage. Montanlo 132 Emperor of India
117. J. P. May berry 115, finished aa named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; 8 year olds and upward; selling!
Bettine. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 20— I.Lindsay. 130, (Larsen) 4 11 1 2tf
Wto 1— Dusky, 110 fjohnaon).. a 2 h 2 %
10 to 1— MIndora, 132 (Mountn) 2 4 >4 3 h
A fine Saturday crowd turned out to
see the races. The weather was ideal
and the track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Mile. 4 year oldi and up
ward; purse:
Bettlngr. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10— Talpa, 104 (A. Booker) 8 8 2 15
. Even — 15ondaRe.no (Mc'tyre) 2 4 2 2 5
100 to 1— Ontonagon, 105 (Kn'p) 1 1 2H3 1
¦- Time. 1:42. Start food. Won easily. Win
ner. Talbot Bros.' b. m.. 5, by The Commone*.
Catalpa. Frontenac, 110, al«o ran. >'..>'¦•
CHICAGO, Nov. 28.— The third race
proved the best on to-day's Hawthorne
card. It was captured by Kurtzman,
which was coupled in the betting with
Luzarion as the Cook entry.- Scotch
Irish was second and Sidalla third.
Luzarion finished fourth. The race was
won easily. Kurtzman was best. He
was always well up, and ran over his
field when his jockey called on him.
Scotch Irish was well up throughout
and finished Btoutly. Vldalla had a" lot
of speed, ¦ but quit. Luzarion had a
rough journey throughout. ISnvoy
made a fair showing. The others were
beaten off.
Second in Importance to the stake
was the handicap at a mile and an
eighth, which was won handily by
Colonial Girl after a brief struggle
through the stretch with McGee.
Special Dispatch " to Th$ Call.
3IAXY PLAYEKS RESTING
UNCLE'S STAES TEIU3IPH
HABVABD GOOD SECOND
Yale's Athletes Triumph in
Inter-Collegiate Champion
ship on Franklin Field
Jack Young Defeats
Some Old Time
Opponents.
Hildebrand Is Seen
at His Best at
Gravesend.
Hawthorne's Feature
Race Captured by -
Smith and Weihe Outplay H.
Schmidt and MacGavin on
California Club's Courts
Umpire's Decisions Fail to
Please Portlands and They
Giro Tent to Their Anger
Surprises Bettors at Kenil
worth by Pressing Keogh
Hard in the First Event
CRACKS CLASH
IN A FAST SET
OLD ELI TAKES
FIRST HONORS
BRYN MAWR IS THE VICTOR
IN A SENSATIONAL RACE
BROWNS CALL
HOUSTON DOWN
MONTOYA RUNS
A FAST RACE
BLUE OF YALE WAVES IN TRIUMPH ON THE ATHLETIC FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAYv 29, 1904.
A ca't will not look at a king if there
Is a mouse in sight*
TRINIDAD, Colo., May 28.— Mrs.
Ellen E. Gerral of St. Joseph, Mo.,
was found dead In a berth of a sleeper
on a Santa Fe train to-day at Raton.
She was an Invalid and returning to
her home in Missouri from California,
traveling alone. The body was taken
off the train «at Raton pending com
munication with relatives.
Invalid Dies on a Train.
I STOCKTON, May 28.— The report
sent out Friday thatHhe Paradise Cut
dam had broken and that the flood
water was rushing down Old River,
flooding the reclaimed lands, was an
error. The dam still holds, although
the pressure on it is heavy. The San
Joaquln ia very high and small breaks
have occurred > at several points, but
thus far no heavy damage has oc
curred.
Paradise Cut Dam Still Intact.
Batteries A, B, C and D of the First
Battalion Coast Artillery, National
Guard, went to the Presidio last night.
They will remain in camp there for
three days and will be put through the
same drill as required of .the regular
army. They are under command of
Major Eush.
In Camp at Presidio.
STOCKTON, May 28.— The Santa Fe
figures In a. number of railroad pro
jects, which report says are under
way. It is stated that a branch from
Rlverbank will reach Oakdal eand pass
on through to Modesto. It Is hinted
that the Santa Fe will in all probabil
ity absorb the Sierra Railway, and
this, with the new branch, will make
a through line from Modesto past
Sonora.
Santa Fe Road Is Interested.
34
ODDEST HOUSE IN CALIFOR-
NIA.
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
XEXT SUNDAY CALL.
The swinging balcony, the quiv-
ering tree and the birds' ttm-
nel arc only a few of the
strange things in this
weird palace.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| SETS THE SKIN ON FiRE. ' %
No disease causes so much bodily discomfort, or itches, Vv d$&$29
burns and stings like Eczema. It begins often with a &d\^**^jg!i]i
slight redness of the skin, followed by pustules or blis- fill
•ters from which a gummy, sticky fluid oozes, which dries
and scales off or forms' bad looking sores and scabs. It
. appears on different parts of the body, but oftenest upon
the back, arms, hands^legs / Deap 8 £.i T M it my daty t0 ftnd let
and face, and is a ventable you know what s. s. 8. haa done for me. I hare
torment at times especially ¦offered with Chronic Eczema for over fifteen
«?¦*.; 1,4- tT -i,^«fa/ 7°ar», and have spent a great deal of money try-
at night or when overheated. In* t o set oured. Have u«ed salves and washes
The cause of Eczema IS a and different kinds of blood medicine, have bean
?™ •-«^v.^r a ' •«.*rtr«f rt» treated by the best doctors in the city, but oould
too acid condition Ot tne not Ke t relief. My leg was in a terrible condition
blood. The terrifying 1 itch- when I started the use of S. B. 8. Have taken
• _ - _j. . ~z~a.,~Aa ¦everal bottles and now there is not a spot on
ing and burning are produced my le» or any other part of my body. I feel like
by the overflow through the anewman. P. D. FLANNEEY.
glands and pores of the skin 2001 Thom " ¦*•¦ st - *»«¦• *<>¦ .
of the fiery poisons with which the blood-current is overloaded. While ex-
; '\— Q,' i ' '_"- fprTig1 applications, such as washes, soaps, salves
l^^l H^N and ' P ow d ers are soothing and cooling, they do not
V^Ny V^j^av : enter into the blood itself or touch the real cause of
KOI hOj Kjj i the disease, .but S. S. S. does, and purifies, enriches,
VtMaa*/ "and strengthens the thin acid blood and cleanses the
general system, when the skin clears off and Eczema and all its terrifying
symptoms disappear. Book on the Skin and its diseases free. No charge
for medical advice. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
••• B £ • ••
YEARS'
EXPERIENCE
9 "9
DR. O. C. JO6I1EN.
The Lr&dlr.r Spedallct.
6 i
MEN ONLY
Scr«t3t«cn years of •tuiloas. careful
»nd conscientious practice la the tre&t-
meot of a very few diseases Is a train-
ing cuch aa few physicians have had.
I feel sale in earing that I have cured
more cases of men's diseases than any
other two specialists In the entire West.
XSrery method I employ Is original with
mrself and has crown to perfection
tlutrarh this vast volume of experience.
0 o
Ky fees arc fair; my cures I
are pcramacat; yon caa pay
1 when yon are p«ri tctly w»U. I
O o
My Cure for Weakness
Is limply a proeass of restorlnc th»
prostaXe rland to 1U normal state and
this I accomplish promptly and com-
pletely. My treatment is a local one
•ntirely. It ta orlrinal ahd sclenttne.
and has been proven absolutely effect-
ive by thousands of teatt.
I also cur» Varicocle. Spermator-
rhoea, Orranle Weakness. Loet Vfror
Specific Blood Poiaon, Stricture. Piles,'
etc. S*nd fcr my pamptolet. "Live All
Tour Tears a Man." It's fre«. and as
Is colored chart of the organ*.
Home treatment Is always
certain and satisfactory.
DR. O.IJOSLEN
Market and Kcarny 6ts.
Prtrate Entrance 702 Market St.
• Office Hours — Week days. 9 a. m. to 9
p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. only.
ADV EBTISKMENTTS.
Awf means for every man. V^
IM It means increased vitali- Yak
/yTpower — greater capacity for Y%^
jfJv work, both physical and mental .Y^X
;£g It means the fostering of a vqk
3 given amount of nerve energy IS
J which otherwise is wasted. . £ ¦ j
a conscious consumption of nerve lv|
M energy which you are expending T|
Sj A little strain at first, but when, fjj
•jy multiplied by the number of ps
1 seconds in a day, means a big I :j
vl O-P-C suspensories are sold by f 2
j nearly all druggists. No doubt I
ul your druggist has them. \Ve as- I i
y| sure you }*¦ will be to your inter- Egg
>\ est to insist upon the O-P-C. If ti
a your dealer will not supply you, 1 |
I send to us. No. a O-P-C, lisle, Kl
J $r.oo; No. 3 O-P-C silk, f 1.50. H
fj ••The Mark of the Master.*! M
SL an interesting booklet, 4 II 1 1i."PapaV Haydn liked stories/and he
eaid: "The more love there is in-them
the better."
Ethnologists are of the opinion that
when America was discovered there
was not on the continent of North
America any more Indians than exist
now.
W. R. Galnes, a Janitor. 77 years old
and a veteran of the Civil War. .died
suddenly in his bed at 624 Kearny
street last Friday nrght. lie was a
member of Lincoln Post, Grand Army
of the Republic. Heart disease was
the cause of death.
Civil" War Veteran Dies.
Land of 'the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand • islands en route. In
side passage. Seasickness unknown.
The palatial excursion steamer Spokane
will leave' Seattle. !» a. m.. June 7, 21
July. 5. 19. -Aug. 2. 16. For information
apply to Pacific Coast 8. S. Co.'s Ticket
Offices. 4 New Montgomery, st. (Palace
Hotel) and 10 Market St. C. D. Dunann
General Passenger Agt., San Francisco •
Alaska Excursions Season 1904.
The City Attorney yesterday ad
vised the Fire Commission that it hai
no power to exchange certain Norway
iron and machine steel, condemned. at
the corporation yard as unfit for'use".
for material of more available quality
and size. The power to dispose at
public auction of all material belong
ing to the city and deemed unfit for
use is vested under the charter in the
Board of Supervisors.
Cannot Exchange Material.
Murphy's first step in this direction
is his attack on' August Belmont, who
is personally urging the Parker.' boom.
Belmont is known , as a Wall street
man, a railroad financier and the head
of many 'big corporations.- His, very
name to the radicals in the Democratic
party is as a r red rag to a bull.
There is strong opposition to the big
corporations in both parties, but it ? is
strongest iiuthe radical element- of. the
Democracy found in" the West and
South, If Murphy can convince this
element that the trusts want Parker
nominated, he thinks he can prevent
his nomination. . ,
NEW YORK, May 28.— Charles F.
Murphy, leader of Tammany Hall, has
at last shown his hand in the fight that
he is to make at St. Louis against
Judge Parker's nomination for 'the
Presidency. He will hold Parker up to
the view of the Western and 1 Southern
delegates as the candidate of the
trusts.
date of the Trusts.
Will Hold Parker Up as the Candi-
LEADER MURPHY'S PLAN.
J. E. Miller, who is employed by the
Citizens'! Alliance to protect non-union
men employed at the livery stables.
1350 Market street, secured a warrant
from Police Judge Fritz yesterday for
the arrest of three union men named
Munroe, White and Luckhart on
charges of disturbing the peace. Mil
ler, said that the defendants. are in the
habit of calling him an ex-convict and
other offensive names in the hearing
of people passing and he wants it
stopped.
Onll'ITlm Offensive Names.
.Gollegc Baseball.
ITHACA. N. Y., May 28.—Cornell 2,
Pennsylvania 3.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., May 28,
Yale 4, Andover 1.
PRINCETON, N. J., May 28. — Har
vard 6. Princeton 7.
CHICAGO, May 28. — Illinois 11,
Chicago 0.
3IAKES SERIOUS .CHARGE
AGAINST CAPTAIN LE.MLY
Seaman Accuses Advocate General of
Misrepresenting Kact.s to Infl.11- '
nice Secretary of Navy.
WASHINGTON, May 28.— George
F. Ormsby, attorney for John Smith,
formerly a seaman in the United
States navy, has filed with the Sec
retary of the Navy formal charpes
cgainst Judge Advocate General Lem
ly and asked that the ofllcer be tried
by the general court-martial on
charges of "falsehood and culpable in
efficiency in the performance of duty."
The charge grow3 out of the case of
Smith, now before the Supreme Court
on appeal of the United States from
the judgment of the Court of Claims.
Ormsby contends th/it in moving foe
an advance of the case on the court
docket Captain Lemly has made false
representations to Induce the Secre
tary of the Navy to sign a certain let
ter in connection with the motion to"
advance the case, the alleged false
representations being made, he
charges, to influence the court against
h!s client.
The application of Ormsby that the
Judge advocate general of'the navy be
court-martialed will not bo granted by
Secretary Moody.'
SuiHdn Not Identified
STOCKTON, May 27.— The stranger
who commit'-ed suicide in this city yes
terday vy drinking laudanum. aftr>r he
had removed all marks of identification.
even to the laundry marks -upon his
clothlnr. was identified this morning
as a tnan who gave the following name
«nd address to a local jeweler. | to
whom he pawned his W3tch and match
iwife: J. L. Anderson, 252 Fifth street.
San Francisco.
Th» occupants of the house at 252
Fifth street deny all knowledge of the
suicide and say that he never lived
there.
Rnilrond Officials' Visit Reno.
RENO. New. May 28. —A trainload
of officials of the Southern Pacific and
Oregon Short Line Visited Reno Friday
and made final arrangements for turn
ing over the operating department of
the Southern Pacific Railroad from
Reno to Ogden to the Short Line peo
ple.
Brest Under Martial Law.
BREST. France, May 28.— Serious
disorders are occurring here in con
nection with the strike or dock labor
ers and bakers. A large force of
troops is pvardins the streets and the
city is placed under martial law. '
Cowper read only his Bible and hla
prayer book. i
TACOMA. May 28.— During the last
few days fires have destroyed lumber
ins properties in this State to the value
of $€S.O00. The Cascade Cod.. Com
pany's mill and th»» electric plant at
Snohomish were destroyed and eighty
men thrown out of employment.
Forest fires near Maple Falls. What
com County, destroyed timbpr and log
fcir.g-camp property worth $10,000, and
lho Metcalf ShlngV Company's dry
kiln at Kelpo. with its contents, con
fiftinp of f..0nQ.000 Khinples, was de
stroyed Wednesday night.
(.awadr CVrfar Mill and MrtcaJf Com
pany's I>ry Kiln in Washington
Go Up in Smoke.
MMBKKIXt; PROI'KKTIES
AKK DESTROYED BY FITIE
Nothing is known of the woman's
antecedents and it .has not yet been
decided what to do with her.
The woman was isolated in the
liner's hospital and there detained un
til she was turned over to the quaran
tine officials, who vesterday took her
baggage from the liner and disinfected
the hospital where she had been con
fined.
A leper, with fingers and toes eaten
away by the dire disease, was discov
ered among the 900 passengers on the
liner Siberia three days after she left
Honolulu. When the Siberia arrived
here Friday morning the unfortunate
victim was pent to the quarantine sta
tion at Angel Island, where she is now
detained.
The leper passenger was Antonio
Jffsu. a Portuguese woman. 60 years of
age. who took passage on the Siberia at
Honolulu. So well did she hide her af
fliction that she evaded the vigilance
of the authorities at the island port
and was on the liner mingling with her
fellow passengers for three days before
It was discovered.'
Jt was Purser Jerome who made the
discovery. It was noticed " that the
woman kept her hands hidden beneath
her shawl. She also wore gloves con
tinuously. Jerome noticed something
about the shape of her hands, and the
woman's apparent confusion when
questioned impelled the purser to re
fer the case to Surgeon Lutz.
An investigation revealed that it was
to hide the ravages of the disease that
the woman wore glcyves; the flnjjers of
which were found to be stuffed with
cotton to dissemble the flesh and bone
digits which had been eaten away by
the leprosy.
Her toes had suffered in like manner.
There was a large audience in the
Alhambra last night to witness the
burlesque circus arranged by W. t*.
Haskell for Islam Temple; Mystic
Shriners. With very few exceptions
the performers were members of thu
Temple, who made the show a bur
lesque in the fullest sen?e of the word.
Jt was intended as a night of relaxa
tion for the members and their families
and friends. Almost every lady on en
tering the theater was given a toy bal
loon ornamented with the mystic sym
bols of Islam Temple.
Outside the entrance to the show tent
George "Habernicht acted as spieler,
Charles H.' Van Orden held down the
ticket wagon, and C. F. Eckton, J. D.
Abrams, George W. Lipman, W. J.-El
liott, H. S. HutchinKS. George "Walker
and Captain Alexander Woodside, filled
various positions.
The second feature was an exhibition
of freaks, snake charmers and dancers,
the participants being W. P. FJlmer, F.
J. O'Connell, Charles JelHnek, Harry
Schreiber. A. B. Wood. Eugene Korn,
Master Willie Townsend. F. M. Arm
strong and M. Lafee. They furnished
an hour of amusing entertainment,
which terminated with a box(ng match
between Jeffries (Captain Woodyldcj
and Munroe (George Habernicht). The
third and last effort, with John A.
Hammersmith as ringmaster, was
made up of specialties, contributed by
George, Schlltter, "Bobby" Cornell. Pete
Sloan. Davo McLaughlln, George
Walker, Lord and Hand,: and W. L.
Haskell. The last named was charm-
Ing p.s the Queen of the Arena.
Emanuel Sands, who pleaded guilty
to a charge of attempt to commit burg
lary, had sentence suspended by. Judge
Dunne for a month, and was told by
the Judge to go to work and behave
himself. He was found in the room of
"William J. Pilcher at 145*i Fifth street
on January 20, and pleaded that he waa
drunk and did not know .what he was
doing.
Two prisoners pleaded guilty in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday and waived
time for sentence. C. C- Sultner was
charged with uttering and passing a
fictitious check for |42 50 on J. D.Vloyd,
118 California street, on January 2. and
was sentenced to serve three years in
San Quentln.
Arthur Phillips, an ex-convict, had
two charges of burglary against him
and was sentenced to serve ten years
in San Quentin on each, the sentences,
to run concurrently. He is a notorious
sneak thief and rifled the rooms of
Mrs. A. J. Brennan, 459 Geary street,
and Mrs. Louise Bomark, 1111 Sutter
street, last January.
¦ In Judge Dunne's court Edward Har
ry Day, convicted on two charges of
burglary, was sentenced to serve three
years in San Quentin on each charge,
the. one sentence to follow the other. He
entered the rooms of August Johnson
and John McAnna, at 614 Kearny street,
last November. Owing to his youth the
Judge .suspended sentence on his con
viction and allowed him to go on pro
bation, but he could. not refrain from
stealing.
Yaw! Seabird. owned hy Thomas
Fleming Day of New York; raceabout
Holy Smoke. Robert M- Lewis of Phil
adelphia; sloop Ray II, Gilbert Ray
Hawks of New York; sloop Little
Rhody. Charles F. Ttllinghas* of
Providence. R. I.: sloop Ululla, "W. H.
Winship of Boston; yawl Fanshawe.
Frank Mair of New York: sloop Rough
Rider. William A. Maxwell of New
York: sloop Bonita, Havilan Brothers
of Brooklyn, and the sloop Squaw, H.
J. Heath of Brooklyn.
NEW YORK, May 28.— The board of
governors of the Brooklyn Yacht Club
announced to-day that Sir Thomas
Lipton's offer to place in the custody
of the club a* cup for an ocean race
from Gravesend Bay to Marblehead,
Mass., had been accepted. Sir Thomas,
who has been on an extended yachting
trip in the Mediterranean, has in
formed the club that he would have
the cup made and forwarded upon his
return to London. Arrangements for
the race, which will be hel<| July 2.
are well under way. The following
boats have been entered for the con
test:
Members of Mam Temple
Create Merriment for Lady
Friends and Their Escorts
Arthur Phillips, an Ex-Con
vict, Sentenced to Serve
Ten Years for Burglary
Victim of Dread Disease Is
Located Among Vessel's
Nine Hundred Passengers
Prominent Eastern Yachts
men Will Contest for Tro
phy Given by Sir Thomas
CLUB ACCEPTS
LIPTON'S OFFER
LEPER ABOARD
THE SIBERIA
SHRINERS POSE
IS CIRCUS MEN
TWO PRISONERS
PLEAD GUILTY
Gouverr.ant will cross the channel
to-day and "will be sent in a special
train direct to Epson to be prepared
for the race next Wednesday.
Everything is being done to counter
art the rx-f-^ible evil effects of the
* hange. The horn? is being accom
panied by all its stablemen, and Chan
tillv wafer of sufficient quantity for
Its Stay in England is being brought in
huge tanks.
NEW YORK, May 2?.— Ri.hard
<"rok«»r's horso. Clonmol, for which it
is snid 'he r>s>id T1-1.W0 v. ith its Derby
rrgagement. i ..ow put down as a
doubtful ptarf- for the classic race,
c ays a World > '«patch from I»nd<jn.
There ;;re re i«T»orts of his training
published anJ he is not mentioned in
the bet tins.
M. Blanc's Gouvernant is firpt favor
ite for the race this year, and the pros
pCCt of its being wen for the nrpt time
in forty years by a Frenchman is giv
1t.g the contest unusual interest. Gou
vernant will be ridden by Cannon, tin?
crack Enclif-h jockey. The last three
Derby winners were ridden by Amer
icans.
Hor«r- S«T»d to Un\e Cosi S1S.000 May
\ot Start in the Great Eng
lish Derby. '
RICH AHI> CHOKER'S a.ONMKI,
IS NOT HIGHLY HEGAHDED
The Graduate Association of the
Suite Normal School gave its first an
nual benefit for the loan fund for stu
dents at Steinway Hall last evening:.
The IiP-11 was packed when the cur
tain went up on the first act of r.
clever comedy. "The Chaperon," by
B&chel E. Baker. There were three
arts and the characters v/ere well sus
tained. During til'" second act a
minuet was danced by Miss Irene Car
roll. Miss Vesta Parker, Mi.«s Rita
Hajrnea and Miss Elinor Meredith. The
Chorus singing by the young ladles of
the association under the direction of
Miss Bstelle Carpenter, superintend
ent of music in the public schools, was
particularly good v
Th<- •¦haraoler. 1 ' in the farce and
those who sustained them were: Miss
Morong. principal of Crandon Hall.
Mts.> Edna Grant; Mrs. Dynecourt of
Bel bourne, M'ss Eva A. Levy;
Mademoiselle Jeanne of Crandon Hall,
Miss Emma MacGowan; Miriam the
gypsy. Miss Uuette Lynch: Jill, the
waif. Miss Alicia I*iffiry; Nora, Mrs.
Dynecpurt's m;ii<J. Miss Etta. Tessmer.
Pupils of Crandon' Hall — Joyce Dyne
court, Miss Lillian Clarkson: Judith
Grey, Miss Freda Berg; Phyllis Rey
nolds, Miss Mae O'Donnell; Barbara
Crelghton. Miss Josephine Hopkins;
Suzanne Hortoti, Miss Lois Harrison:
Lillian Gordon, Miss Kay Flatow:
Mollie Howard. Eleanor. Mere
dith*: Anna Dayton, Miss Kate Parker;
Daisy Rogers. Miss Mary O'Connell.
This City Che Elifli-Class
Entertainment.
Graduate* of State Normal School of
BKXTCFIT FOR A LOAN FUND.
Chief A. M. Macpherson will have
rfcarg:<* of the sports and will be asslst
ed by ex -Chief Angus McLeod and
William Mitchell. The refreshment
tent will be in charge of First Chieftain
f?. M^Grcg-or and he will l>e assisted by
«i largo reception committee. The
guests df the club may expect a genu
ine Highland welcome.
" There are forty-one events on the
programme, all but nine being open to
nil comers. New features this year will
be wrostflnsr and a foot race for mem
bers of football associations under the
puppic^s of the Amatpur Athletic
L<-a?u<*. Over S"000 in prizes will be
awarded in addition to several gold
medals. A large number of competitors
frpm coast cities will he present, and
Jack Munroe, who is striving for
heavy-wctght championship honors,
lias announced his intention of visiting
the grounds and possibly taking part
in the hammer-throwing and other
heavy events.
One of the most attractive events at
the annual pratherins and games of the
Caledonian Club, to be held at"Shell
Mound Park to-morrow, will be the
bagpipe competition in pibrochs. reel*,
inarches and strathspeys for a gold
jyedal valued at ?-50 and oth*r valu
able prizes. The medal is a gift of J.
D. MctJilvray, #a member of the club,
and has to be won thre? times in suc
ctFsion. Tiie winner the first year was
Ed Rrss and the second year I- S. K.
Tcvcndale.
Philadelphia : 0 4 2
Batteries— Chesbro and McGuire;
Plank and Powers.
DETROIT,' May 2S.— Inability to hit
th« ball when chances were offered lost
to-day's same for Detroit. Slever "was
effective in pin'ches, and Heidrick's
j?r*at catches saved many runs. St.
Louis hit Killian iiard. . Attendance,
Detroit l 8 0
St. I^ouis 4 12 3
Batteries— Killian and Woods;. Siever
and Kehoe.
Washington 2 6 0
Batteries — Dineen and Far,rell;
Townsend .and Kittredge.
PHILADELPHIA. May 28.— Chesbro
shut out the home team to-day. Plank
also was effective until the eighth. In
this inning Keeler's third hit. Conroy's
sacrifice and Anderson's double scored
the run. Attendance, 10,000. Scoret
R. H. E.
New York J ft 3
Chicago 4 8 5
Batteries— Moore and Bemis; Patter
son, White, Sullivan and MeFarland.
BOSTON, May 28.— Timely hlttinjr
pave Boston to-day's sramo with Wash
ington. The visitors fielded better
than the champions and Townsend
pitched a better frame than Dineen. A
small Saturday crowd witnessed the
Kamc. Attendance, £600. • Score:
R. H. E
Boston 0 fi 3
St. Louie 2 11 2
Batteries— Corridon and O'XHH: Cor
bett and Z^arfoss. Umpire — Emslie.
PHILADELPHIA. May 2$.— Although
the local? hit more frequently than Bos
trn to-day, the visitors hit with better
results. Philadelphia's errors were dis
astrous and helped Boston to win. At
tendance 1500. Score:
R. II. E.
Philadelphia 3 9 S
Boston 5 5 l
Batteries— McPherson and Marshall;"
Wilhelm and Moran. 'Umpire — John
stone.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND^ O., May 28.—Cleve
land batter} White out of the box In
the second inning-, and also bunched
bits on Patterson in the fourth. Moore
kept Chicago's hits well scattered. At
tendance, C500. Score:
n. it. e.
Cleveland 9 ir» 2
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, May 28.— McGinnity
won his tenth straight j?ame for New
York to-day. With one man on base
in the eighth, Warr.er hit to the bleach
ers for a home run. Attendance 25,000.
Score:
:r. h. e.
New York 4 7 1
Brooklyn 3 5 1
Batteries— McGinnity and Warner:
Cronin and Bergrer.
PITTSBURG. May 2S.— Camnitz was
sent in to try to pave the game after th«
fourth inning, but he was just as easy
rts ililler. Elliott's (food support en
abled him to k»>ep the hits well scat
tered. Attendance 9100. Score:
R. IT. E.
Pittsburp 4 8 1
Cincinnati 9 11 1
Batteries— Miller. Camnitz and
Plielps; Elliott and Pietz. Umpires —
Ziinmer and Moran.
CHICAGO, May 2S.— Chicago again
defeated St. Louis in another close and
exciting Fame. In the seventh, with
two out, Tinker stole home from third
with the ball in the pitcher's hand.
scoring the -winning run. Attendance
7500. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicapo 3 6 1
(National I^asru^) 1 (American League.
W.UP'rt.i W.UPVt.
Cincinnati ..24 ll.^SBo*ton 23 10.697
»w York. ..22 10. <*" Cleveland . . . 10 12 .613
Chicago 22 10 .«<*7 Philadelphia .19 14 .57«
Bt. I-oulo 18 1« .500 New York ... IS 14 ..WJ
nttsburs ...Ifi 17 .4S5 Chicago IS 17 .518
•Brooklyn 13 -21 ..>2 St. Louis 15 17 .46i»
T?ostr>n ..... .12 20 ..175 Detroit 11 21 .344
Philadelphia . 5.25 .1C7 Washington . 6 24 .200
Tinker Steals Home With Winning
Run for Chicago While Corbett
Holds the Kail.
-STANDING OF THE CLI'BP.
McGINXITY SCORES IflS
TENTH STRAIGHT" VICTORY
One of the Leading Events
at Games of Cale
donian Club. •
VALT'ABI-K HOLD MKDAX. WHICH
W1M, BE COMPETED FOR BT
SOOTt H PITEHS.
?2-J: Lulu Girl beat Forest Fire. 6-3:
M«e!lin«nn<i beat "Siy Grafter, 24-.";
Firni FcPow beat Don Pedro. 6-3;
Commercial Traveler beat Luxir.^r.
¦JC-7: G^r^rr-I Premont beat Grar<"
Greenvood^ fi-4: Dear Gaston b»at
H'-rmit. 17-5: Our Myra boat Master
Rocket. 1 "-is; Mis? Brammcll bent
Lily Wrisrhl. ~>-T,; Conroy beat X'nx.
l i - 7 : Ontna-beat May Connolly, 1J>-:»:
Rob R b«ar Pr*>< «ra Maid. 7-6; P^ter
5tcInQre beatl Irish Kid, 5-3: Had-
< J .!r,Eton beat Young Iviamath. 3-0:
V«"ipi»Mon,i l>pai Fenii. 6-5: Miss Lu
rIJl«! b«=-at Walt For M<». 9-": Dorf»<?n
i-cat Belfast. 5-0: Fagl^ Bird beat
-\>ughiy Helen. 24-2: Silver Cloud
hcx.1 Aciintor. T>- rt : Old Ironsides beat
ReantTvGold. 7-".; F»i$co Lad beat
Trottinsr r.ob. l€-2.
Open stake — Red Duchess beat
Progresso, Jl-6: X*lHe AV b<»nt Frisky
Barbara, 8-5; Ploughman beat Au
relii, 6-0; Equator beat Balendin",
12-7; Idleness b^nt TlvMma. J7--:
Jerry "Wright a bye. Glancing Pasha
withdrawn; Jpssif Dear beat Bonn!**
K'ng, JS-8; Sir Win ton beat Yankee
Boy. 4-3; R°al Pasha beat Evil Eye.
S-0; Pure Pearl beat Foxhunter. 10-1;
Idaho Boy a bye. Lord Gronard with
drawn: Fortunn b^nt Colored Lady,
12-10; Tralee Lass beat Tamora. 10-3;
Remisso Animo beat Donnybrook.
M-u: Lucky Shamrock beat Monbolls.
14-0: Goiden Garter beat Frifky Boy.
?-4: AgRie W beat Helen Hayes. S-4;
Bofala a bye. Lady Xewnrk with
drawn: Imperious b«»at Algi^ McDon
ald. 3-2: Doc Burns beat Star Syl
vamjy. 14-C; Tobeaco B<>b beat Roy
Ilughic. 3 1-1; Golden Feather beat
Trpper Jack. 21-2: Yellowtail b»at
Hurry On. L-Z: Dariaway beat In
truder. 6-3; Prompto beat Northern
Lad. 7-^; Articulate b^at [loyal
Friend, 3-0; Wattles beat Little Lucy.
"-2: Msrk Twain beat Ycrb-i IJuena.
Puppy stake — Quran's Beauty beat
Roman. 8-6; Lady ECelp a bye; Octa
vi'.ie withdrawn: Stinjrarep beat Menlo
Queen. 14-3; Proper beat Aereoch,
14-4: Silent Water, beat Li<*iJ*, 13-8;
Lady Rover beat Ramona. 1^? : Croix
D beat Creole Roll". 20-0; CaSFie W
b«»at Young Me Donald. 18-.V, Good As
Gold beat Garidlce. 16-3; Pasha Kins
beat Amada'.e. 7-4: Lady Dorritt beat
Black Lui-y. 10-3: Bright Columbia
b«*at Glitter. 2-1.
The Fp^cd and the stamina of iht
;-cung greyhounds in the puppy stake
Rt Ingles-ide Park yesterday were thor
oughly tested. The hares were a strong
?ot and proved hard to overtake. The
rvp^rts !ikt- the appearance of Lady
Kelp, by imported Warburton. and of
Bright Columbia, by Bright Gold. With
'¦¦rdinary coursing luck they are expect
ed to meet to-day in the deciding*
< curse, Lady Dorritt also made a good
showing.
In the open stake TraSoe I.ass. Doc
fJurns. Pmmpto and Mi?* Brurnrrx'l are
favored by the talent. There were but
i»w upsets yesterday, the favorites
ft-.ecountinj? for nearly all the trials.
»U!e M beat the 1 to 5 choice. Frisky
Karbara and Dartaway b«at the 1 to
3 choice. Intruder. The day's results.
with Judge Thomas Tierney's oflicial
scores, follow:
Superintendent Podstata believes
that athletic contests have a soothing
effect on the disordered minds of his
patientF.- He intends to have similar
games throughout the summer season.
CHICAGO. May 2S.— Nine hundred in-
Fane pa Merits at Dunning stood on the
side lines of the institution baseball
field to-day while the Lakeside and
Dunning teams played a same that
lasted five innings. The Fame was
closely contested and was eagerly
watched by the patients, for whose
benefit the teams played.
The insane patients were kept 250
feet from the playing field, and were
permitted to divide their pentiments as
to the playing as they chose. Contrary
to what was expected, most of them
became '"rooters" for the Lakeside
team, leaving the smaller number to
encourage the play of the team com
posed of Dunning employes. All the
patients were fans In \ every sense of
the term and applauded every good
play made by the teams.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Superintendent of Institu
tion Says Such Contests
Soothe Disordered Minds
Few of Them Are Outpointed
During the Running of
the Stake — Likely Winners
FAVOKITES SUCCESSFUL
ENJOY THE EXCITEMENT
Fi\v Innings of Baseball
Are Playedjfor the Amuse
ment of Asylum Patients
Strong Hares at Laglcside
' Test Both Their Speed
and Their Staying Towers
INSANE CROWD
WATCHES GAME
YOUNG HOONDS
ARE TRIED OUT
PIPERS ARE
TO STRIVE
FOR MEDAL
fHE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY. MAY 29, 1904.
35
. The Call's Cook Rook prem-
ium " offer will close on August
30, 1904. and all readers of this
pnper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fall to place their order im-
mediately. • ;>»\, "
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904.
Bny a home NOW and better
the future.
: Choice offers for your consid-
eration In • to-day's' REALTY
COLU3IXS. :
AJ VERTISE'M £LN TB.
VIGOR of YOUTH
nuro to
MfSSV / T» Prove tJ»»
MffMfl'* »l 'C'l c u r a t 1 v •
J6"A?I ii'AN-**" 1 powers of our
/m<v1 I** Jli^rrMI mo>t r«mark>
/«J r^V\V c-rOtflvJ • '7 able h o m •
tEOj r lj^rf* > * —~_*^ m \ treatinenf . you
C tcr^^S^9^£l^M *rt-I "and ap-
fc 3 / I -,r\ qu ' c k X y T ~-
* tt -TpSfl A jC V 1 * tore lost
><uS is.. A ir atV \ • tPtB » tl > and
l VV^^^%^ pherlcpr.s-
t h e o n 1 ?
known ecJintifle means which will positively
enlarge and fully develop them. Used with our
Local Absorbing Stimulating Tonic. Cermlctdal.
H«-allnc. Medicated Urethral Crayons always
quickly cures wbere all else falls. Cteet. all
Drains. Losses, Vurlcocele. Stricture, Prema-
turcness. Enlargenaent of Prostate Gland, etc.
A saf«, simple home cure. NEVER FAILS.
Dr. LltwcTlyn ono of our staff of pny><ician».
has discovered a marvelous remedy which will
Btve a-tlon and produce results Jn 5 minutes.
Applied locally only. Works like magic. Don't
fall to call on ua for demonstraUcn or writs
for new illustrated book. No. «. sent securely
aealcd. free. Hours. 0 to 0; Sunday*, lltol.
HEALTH APPLUiNCECO.. i O'FarrdlSt
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
S "... - ¦ ¦ ¦' *¦?¦'--., T ••_¦>•>
DANGERS OP Till: III'IIO
lSi:iIIM> THC BAT,
Another full pagr giving the se-
crets and the way rules, arc.
broken In baseball.
By Frank Neivhouse.
Ai:.\T SUXDAY CALL.
¦_ ' ¦ '¦ : "'--\ ADVERTISEMENTS. | '
/ i|3$Nl ver y woman admires a strong man. Every man admires a
d£\ strong woman. Health, strength and happiness! They
fj^^^^^M^^^^ are * ne joy of living. If you are a weak man or a weak
woman I can give them to you.
r\ Ss| For a case of Nervous Debility, Varicocele. Rheumatism, Lame Back, Lumbago. Sciatica, any case of
"i?V V \u Kidney Disease (that has not gone as far as Bright's Disease), Indigestion, Constipation. Female
iR^N. . V§* >\^j Weakness, or any weakness of man or woman, which I cannot cure with my new improved Electric
AvSSSJ^ . Belt, the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced.
F*§lio?m^ V v\vj • Give me a nian broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry, from any cause which ha*
/J\$il*a r I sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice for three months and I will make him as vigorous in
'"g | |t \m| K I every respect as any man of his age. :
m $ wi K- \i w '^ ? ot P r 1 om ' se to make a Hercules of a man who was never intended by nature to be
f § % via //& \^Cv>I '"'strong and vigorous. Even that man I can make better than he is: but the man who has been
/ « ¥iW>\^ WMT strong and has lost his strength I can make as good as he ever was. '
*? Is v iKy^n^ v> \o)f can 8» v « back to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature. I can stop all
is $^ & vwkI drains upon his vitality in ten days. j
M % ' wek \\ man wno '* nervous > """hose bram and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than
fir xs 5 %• NW v^. v^f when he went to bed, who is easily discouraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has
J5y §^v &S vav Vv\\N ost a m.b'tion and energy to tackle- hard problems, lacks the arrimal electricity which the Dr. Mc-
AS vC^ \vv\ ' \0« Laughlin Electric Belt supplies.
r& 5§^ \w \\vv w\j I can ta^ e an y woman who is t\ervous, sleeples?. who has bearing-down pains, periodical dis-
/ 7 V w \ \vv«. YVJ tress, dizzy and fainting spelU, loss of appetite and a generally haggard and old feeling and make
'/ / "n \ vOa W« ner feel like a girl again.
i /. ¦ <» S>S VvOV^i itn. S. C. Befccock, Bnicsvllle, Cal., e»ys: "Tour b«!t Is doing me a. rreat <Jeel of jr^od. for i' am better than I h*T»
v^ vVvJ The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent uprn your animal electricity. 'When you
v^. . \ \Vvv» Jose that by draining the system in any manner, my Belt will replace it and cure you.
Mr. Harry U. Jackson. Vallston, Cal.. «rlt*«: "AlUieJrt you ar«.» itranffsr to ma, my heart wanns toirard you as a sreat b«n»fa«r»or in4 frl-nd. ani I am mors tfc»n
grateful to you. Already I f*-l the vtcor of new life !n my body; no ache* and no rains. I wiah you ev«ry auecers In reor work." ,
Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from
useless doctoring. I get such letters every day. ,
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them, and stirs up a great forcj of energy. ;
l/Du'ie King, Commercial Vlotel, San Francisco, says: "I take pleasure in dropping you a few lines to let you knoT how creat!y Improved I w since I sot y?ur Belt. M7
headaches have left me and I am iraJning In welxht. I feel like ¦ a different woman, and wi very grateful to vou for all the god your B*!t has <!ere me."
I make llie best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after
everything else has failed are my best arguments. •
Mr. Roy Burlc. McKittrick, Cal., writes: "From tbe first night I wore the belt I felt nsw lif«' tn every part of my b«dy. The weakness "*» choked »rr.med:at«i;\ and t am
now able to do heavy -»»ork without tiring. I nm et"d 1^ thought of the belt, for In no other way could the m*n«y briny m* so much p>a«ure." >
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, cftrst nr «idc. Sciatica in
his hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive oat evrry sign of pain, i
No pain can exist where ray Belt is worn. /
Mr. J. L. Baird of Orland. Cal.. writes: "Sty back Is antlrcly- well, and I would not take $10© for my *elt tf I couH not icrt anotb»T. It '.a ti« best thing rm earth flBf a
lame back." v . . |
And these "old" men, these men who have burned the candle at both ends — or even if they haven't — these men who tor one rrason or another
feel that life has loit its spice, that they are getting old too fast, I can make them feel the sparkle and fire of jv.uth r.^ain.
v I'll never forget when Mr. A. Crawford of Pokegama, Oregoriv an old man of seventy, wrote, to me and said: "When I wrote to you la« I
told you to send me a Belt to make an old man young, and you did. I am seventy years old, and since I have worn the Belt I f??l as strong a* I
i did at thirty-five, and can do as good a day's work as I could at. that age." It was two j-ears ago that Mr. Crawford wrote me that letter. Here 13
one I just got from him: " |
"In r«ply to your letter I am glad to say thit I to just as much In favor of your Belt as I ever was. for it has b^ea a remarkable help to ir«. I am seventy-two years old, but
I do r.ot look any mow than fifty. Am enjoying perfect health, and wt!I contlnus to recommend the Belt, as I have been doing right alonsr. as I r»al!z* that b-jt for It I sh-mM have
b?en iltad »rd burled by this tlme.l" i
They come every day trom everywhere. There 13 not. a town or hamlrt in the country which has not cures bjvDr. MLcLaughlin's Electric Belt.
! Men and women who had tried their home doctors and every known medicine have come to me and b;en cured. !
Mr. T. Tagerchl, 121 Haight tt.. San Francisco. Cal., says: "No werds can express my feeling of gratitude to vou. When I r»ceir»d your marvel.-.u.i B«It I irss (n a very
' bad condition physically. I waa nervous, -weak, dleestlon was poor, -I couldn't sl*ep but two or thro hours in the n!ght, my mental revrrr wa 5 weak, though I hnd b»»n r.aturfjly
vcry strong, and all these symptoms weri th<» result of a eerual weakness. Now t am well, and I am g!ad to have this opportunity to recommend the B<»!t to tttosa who »uff~r from
ruch troubles as mine, for they will br restored to perfect health by_your B«K." • ¦
Now. •what does this mean to you. dear reader? If you -ire not what you ought to be. can you ask any b»tt»r pro«f to mak" you try it? Is th«»re a reme-iy
which is as simpK •»» eauy to use, as wire to cure and as cheap as Dr. Mclaughlin'* Electric B«lt? I have not F*»e:i one. You must try it. In justice to your-
self, and to thopf who look to you for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not be delayed. •
Jt's «s good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle glowing heat from It constantly, but no stintr. no
burning, as in old-style belts. . , • . .
Come -and see me if you can. I have a private consulting room In which I will explain my method of treatment, and, perhaps, give you the names of some
of your friends whom I have cured. . I
Send for my beautiful boook, full of things a man likes to read if he wants to bo a strong man. I send it. sealed. ftv\ If you are a weak woman send
¦ for my book, "Maiden, Wife and Mother," -which shows the road to health and happiness for weak women. Cut out and send this ad.
DR.; M. C: MCLAUGHLIN, 906 Market St., san "franco.
' * Ofllce Hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia Street. Z>o> Anffelea, 131 South Springr Street.
Tills splendid premium .- tvill
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 25 cents additional ,to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.Ever think of the number of words
beginning with D that are significant to
the old? Distress, defeat, depressed,
disgrace, degrade, detestable, despond
ent, dull, death, don't, down, dark, dis-*
heartened, devil, disappointment,
dreary, donkey, delay, dim, dunce/ de
serted, duplicity, . disturbed, . disabled,
decay, damage and dozens of others. —
Atchison Globe.
Bad Words Bcglnncth.
WYIl-Known Catholic Prelate of Port
land, Or., Comes to Oakland
for Treatment.
OAKLAND, May 28.— Archbishop
Alexander Christie of Portland, Or.,
came to Oakland yesterday to enter
the new Providence Hospital. He was
to have entered St. Vincent's Hospital
in Portland, but was unable to because
the institution had been quarantined
on account of smallpox.
While he is at Providence Hospital
the Archbishop will be under the care
cf Dr. D. D. Crowley.
Tailor Dies Suddenly.
OAKLAND, May 28.— Thomas Hal
loran, a tailor, aged 60 years, died very
suddenly this afternoon at his home,
4947 Telegraph avenue. The deceased
was taken sick about 2 o'clock and Dr.
Dukes was called. He found Halloran
apparently suffering from an epileptic
fit. The doctor prescribed for him and
left, but about 4 o'clock was hurriedly
summoned and found Halloran dead.
The body was removed to the Morgue.'
ARCHBISHOP CHRISTIE
AT PROVIDENCE HOSPITAL
OAKLAND, May 28.— Revival meet-
Insrs will be continued in the tent at
Fifth and Peralta streets during the
comln/f week under the direction of
the evangelical churches of". West
Oakland. Notably successful have been
the special meetings for children, as
many as 350 young people having 1 at
tended a single gathering. . The ses
sions will be held each evening at 7:30
o'clock, preceded by a street meeting
at 7:15 o'clock.
Tent Meetlnss Will Continue.
He was very much excited when
brought into court to-day, and his
case was diagnosed by Drs. Tiadale
and Todd as hysteria verging on ner
vous collapse. He was a little erratic
in his talk; but. In the main, managed
to go- through the examination in
pretty good shape.
OAKLAND, May 2S. — Charlie Tye,
the prize fighter held on suspicion of
being Insane, was released to-day and
allowed to go home with his wife, his
case being temporarily postponed, in
order to see if he will not come around
to his normal condition with a little
rest.
Verging on Nervous Collapse, He Is
Allowed to Go Home
For Rest.
PRIZE FIGHTER TYE
OBTAINS A RELEASE
In the quest of a "washable" Bible,
for use in the London police courts,
attention has been called to a water
proof cloth, an admirable imitation of
leather. Mr. Labouchere. in Truth,
makes the sensible suggestion that if
a proper "washable" cloth can be
found, its use be not confined to Bibles,
but to historical romances and books
that are read. Mr. Labouchere thinks
especially washable bindings J could be
advantageously used in free circulat
ing libraries, j But why stop here? Why
not such also in private libraries and
why not, furthermore, a washable pa
per, so that the books could be washed
inside and out? Then, perhaps/ read
ing might be made sanitary, and. sani
tary we must be. Also, if washable
bindings are used, in public .libraries,
laundries will need to be attached and
Mr. Carnegie will thus have opened
up to him another, way for getting rid
of his money. Housekeepers, however,
would probably be found < lined up
against washable bindings, sanitary or
unsanitary, which would mean an ex
tra laundress and new terrors to house
cleaning.— New' York Globe.
Want a Washable Bible.
OAKLAND, May 28.— Stanley H.
Rich, the young drug clerk who gained
considerable notoriety through his con
nection with the alleged poisoning of
Dr. M. M. Enos, was arrested this aft
ernoon on the charge of having burg
larized Wishart's drug store last Thurs
day evening and stealing $14 85 from
the cash register.
¦ It is alleged that Rich has been con
nected with previous minor thefts, and
for this reason suspicion fell .on him.
The young man lives with his parents
near Eighteenth and Castro streets.
His ball has been set at $2000.
Stanley Rich Is Accused by the Oak
land Police of Breaking Into
WIshart's Store.
Minnie M. McMulIen has ; instituted
divorce proceedings against Frank ' P.
McMnllen on the ground of failure to
provrde.
OAKLA"D. May 28. — Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by. Manuel A.
Mansebo against Mary Mansebo on the
ground of cruelty. He claims that she
allows their home to get so filthy that
he cannot live in it. They have two
children.
unhappy Couples.
*Mlss Evangellne Gray celebrated
the event of her graduation from the
University of California with the, class
of '04 by' entertaining a number of her
girl ": friends at her home last Friday.
Card games served to pass • the time
away, and prizes were awarded to Miss
Louise Ehrmann and Miss Grace
Goulds. The guests; were: Mrs. W. A.
Gray,. Miss: Grace Foulda, Miss Gwen
dolyn Anderson/ Miss Johannah Lea
ton;-Miss Beatrice ¦ Snow r Miss Louise
Ehrmann, : Miss Portia Ackerman,
Miss Greta Augustine, Miss , Elizabeth
Arneill, Miss Ava Earle, Miss Eugenia
Mouser, Miss Ida Henley. ' Miss Ruby
tRichards,- Miss- Stella Hogue,' Miss
Florence -~ Zanger, * Miss -> Garoutte ¦ and
Miss Bess Patton.
College. society Is greatly Interested
in the announcement of the engage
ment of Miss Elsie Marsh, a sister 4 of
Mrs. Charles Stetson Wheeler, wife, of
the : university Regent, and Nathan
Moran, a member of the law firm of
which Mr. Wheeler is the head and
formerly secretary to President
Wheeler. Miss Marsh is a very pretty
girl and goes a great deal into society.
She makes her home with her sister
on Washington street in San Fran
cisco. . . ;
Loy, Miss Helen Robinson, Miss Mary
Bell. Miss Edna Robinson, Miss Mary
Watson Miller, Miss Winifred June
Morgan, Miss Emmabelle Zucker. the
Misses Hazel. Myrtle and Belle Wood,
the Misses Grace and A. Smith, the
Misses Mary and Ethel Ratcllfr, Miss
Catherine Storie. Miss Florence
Young, Ml?s - Minnie McAvoy; . Ivan
Linforth, William Lelmert, Wallace
,von' Helms, Percy Evans of San Fran
cisco, Percy Good of -Fresno, Victor
Henderson, Arthur Smith. Charles
Turner of Saji. Francisco, Clinton Mil
ler, Sherill Schee of San Francisco, M.
Miller, Duncan McDuffy, Alfred Crit
tenden, Harvey Loy, George Chase, H.
M. Gracey, Claude . Wales, Franklin
Carter, William H. Cox, Harding M.
Kennedy, J. .Hutton Theller, John G.
Howard. Joseph Rosborrough, John L.
Dobbins, George Morrison, Walter
Ratcliff; A. Buckley. Sam Haight and
Dr. Fred- Davis.
YOUNG DRUG CLERK
ARRESTED FOR BURGLARY
The present fight has for its object
the final stopping of all further dump
ing of garbage In the city. There Is now
a crematory In operation, and it is the
purpose of the Board of Health no long
er to put up with conditions such as
have obtained in the past. Von'Ade
lung has asked for an injunction stop
ping the dumping of garbage within
the city limits, and the garbage men
are cited to appear and show cause
why they should not be estopped.
OAKLAND, May 28.— In the fight to
stop the scavengers from dumping
garbage on the flats in West Oakland
Health Officer von Adelung has won
the first point. A demurrer filed to his
complaint has been overruled by Judge
Henry A. Melvin. The attorneys for the
scavengers contended that Von Ade
lung could not sue as Health Ofllcer.
The point was decided against the
garbage men and a week was given
them In which to answer.
SCAVENGERS LOSE IN
THEIR FIRST SKIRMISH
An excellent musical and vaudeville
programme was rendered from a stage
In the grounds and at the close of the
entertainment refreshments were
served- It is the custom of Mr. Cap
well and his wife to give a party to
the employes of the Capweli Company
every year.
OAKLAND, May 28. — "A Night • on
the Farm' was the title of a house
party and entertainment given last
r.lght at the home of Mr. and Mrs. H.
C. Cap well to the employes of the H.
C. Cap well Company. The pretty
house and grounds at Piedmont were
decorated and illuminated with Jap
anese lanterns and the guests appeared
In costume. There rrere housemaids,
milkmaids, old maids and hayseeds
C&lore and every one had a good time.
MtuJc and Kcvelry Rei^n Supreme
rt the Handsome Home in
IMedmont.
II. C CAPWELL ENTERTAINS
EMPLOYES OF HIS COMPANY
One evidence of gentle breeding is a
well-modulated voice. Thomas Went
worth Hlgginson said "Shut me up
In a dark room with a mixed multitude
and ] can pick out the gentlefolks by
thelr voices." In the compass of every
voice there are three registers— the
middle or throat, the lower or chest
and the upper or head register. The
use of the middle pitch for talking is
very desirable, but the voice should be
trained to slide up and down, varying
with tho emotions; low when the mood
Inclines toward seriousness and higher
when it becomes tinged witrf excite
ment. An interesting speaker constant
ly changes his pitch — not abruptly, but
with ease and skill; and the greater
range one has the more certain he is
to get and retain the pleased attention
of listeners. Our high-pitched, strident
voices are sharply criticized, and it is
quite within our power to change them.
I confess to liking a bit of slang now
end then from a young man's mouth.
It sounds racy, adds snap and spice if
used judiciously, and a few of Its terms
are pithy and expressive; but when a
girl uses slang it only sounds common.
What Is becoming to one sex is not
necessarily so to the other. When we
see . a woman who laughs and talks
loudly in public places we put a severe
strain upon our charity and judgment
not to think her vulgar. When to the
conventional "How do you do?" she
replies "Fine!" we know on just what
rung of the social ladder to put her. —
Success.
Voice as Index of Breeding.
3Iarria«re Licenses.
OAKLAND, May 28. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Emanuel Ama
ral, over 21, and" Rose J. Rose, over
18, both of Niles; John Cody, 24, Oak
land, and Hattie Brithlngham, 18.
'Frultvale; Henry Wiegand, over 21,
and Katherine Kamena, over 18, both
of Oakland; Edward H. Polk, 21, San
Francisco, and Mae Ludke, 22>.Fresno:
Robert V. Hinds. 37, Oakland, and
Susie Johnson, 23, Alameda; Edward
H. Druhe, over 21, and Helen Web
ster, over 18, both of Oakland; Alfred
N. Dowson, Cranbrook, and Florence
N. Swain, over 18, Oakland; John S.
Minno, 25, and Mary V. Rodrigues,
22, both of Oakland; Louis H. Jacobl,
23, and Portia M. Coolldge, 20 both of
Alameda.
Professor Pagct's Estate.
OAKLAND, May 28. — An appraise
ment of the personal effects of the late
Professor Fellcien Victor Paget of_ihe
University of California, filed with the
courts to-day by Professors Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, Frank Soule and Samuel
A. Chambers, place the total amount
at $451 91. Cash makes up m,ore than
half of this amount and the rest con
sists of a watch and chain, a few books,
a gold pencil, pair of spectacles and two
snuffboxes.
OAKLAND, May 28. — The Neill
Company will commence the last week
of its engagement at Ye Liberty
Theater next Monday evening with
a production of the late Charles Cogh
lans famous drama. "The Royal Box."
This play is one of splendid dramatic
interest and is sure to be well re
ccirnd by Oakland theater-goers. The
Fcencs are laid in the Theater Royal,
Drury Lane, London, and the parts
are excellently cast. James Neill will
a|ine::r as James Clarence, a famous
English actor, and the character of
C«?liu Prys«\ the heroine, will be as
sumed by Miss Edyth Chapman.
The N'eill Company has become very
popular during its season at the Lib
erty and the patrons of the new play
house will be sorry to see it leave, al
though it is to be succeeded by an ex
cellent company.
Faxuong Drama by Brother of Rose
Co£l:Zan to Be Presented at Ye
iJberty Theater.
The Town and Gown Club gave a
large reception on Saturday night, the
21st, . at which Mrs. Mabel Gray
Lachmund was hostess. The rooms
were . lighted in pink and decorated
with pink blossoms. The guests In
cluded: Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Day.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wilson, Mr. and
M,rs. Walter Ratcliff, Mr. and Mrs.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler," Mr. and
Mrs. A.Splnello, Mr. and Mrs. A. A.
.Worthlngton, Mr 1 , and, f Mrs. E, !a.
Kleugel, Mr. and , Mrs. A. C. Schles
singer. Dr. and Mrs. F. Payne, Mr. and
Mrs..F. A. Berlin, Mr. and Mrs. Crlt
tenden, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Man
chester, Mrs. C. W. Howard, Miss Carol
Day, Miss Pluma Dutton, Miss Chris
tina Van Voorhles Rose, Miss Eugenia
Mrs. F. H. Lawton of 2211 Durant
avenue gave a large reception on Fri
day afternon In honor of. Mrs. J. C.
Wilder and Mrs. E. L. HSmblin. The
color scheme of the decorations was
red. Six young ladles in white served
dainty refreshments.. During the pro
gress of the reception a musical pro
gramme was rendered by friends of the
hostess.
BERKELEY, May 28.— The engage
ment of Miss Edith Faulds Crawford
to Theodore Johnson Ludlow has been
announced. Miss Crawford is the
daughter of Mrs. J. Crawford of Pied
mont avenue, Berkeley. Mr. Ludlow Is
the son of the late Rev. James P. Lud
low of Seattle. Wash. He Is a gradu
ate of both the University of Washing
ton and the University of California,
having just completed his mining
course in the latter. Institution , this
year. His bride-to-be Is popular In so
ciety circles of Berkeley.
Paul K. ,Buckley took a party of
friends to Newark Thursday in his
large touring car. The day was spent
at the summer' cabin of Joseph Morizio
and the return trip made in the even
ing. Those in the party were Judge F.
S. Cone, Hugh C. Gallagher, William
Hammond Jr., Joseph Morizio and Mr.
Buckley.
• • •
ALAMEDA, May 28.— Miss Ethel M.
Allen tendered a garden and beach par
ty to a number of friends Thursday
evening at her home at the south end
of Cedar street. Several hours were
passed by the merrymakers in playing
"pit," boating and dancing. Among
the guests were Miss. Frances Banborn,
Misa Alicq Berry, Miss Frank Hawkett
and Misa May Hawkett of Oakland;
Miss Hazel Mount, Miss Lillian Kin
dred, Miss Juanita David. Miss Maude
Robertson, Miss Allen and Miss Nell.e
Steinhauer, Louis Stanton, Dr. Paul
>iarriotte, Ralph Fisher, Hugo Werum.
D. H. Knox. William Robertson, Wil
liam Locke, Rex Warren and Edward
Allen. . •.
OAKLAND, May 28.— The engage
ment has been announced of Miss
Florence Brown and Dr. William S.
Porter. Miss Brown is a daughter of
Dr. William M. Brown, residing at 974
Center street. The young lady is ot
delightful personality and is highly
cultured; Miss Brown has become a
trained "nurse, a profession t to which
she brought a sympathetic nature that
has won her a high place in that call
ing. . . .
The prospective groom Is one of the
eminent men of his profession. Skilled
as a surgeon and physician. Dr. Por
ter has a strong personality^ that has
given him a leading place among the
medical men of the Western country.
Dr. Porter is a graduate of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania and occupies
as high a place in the social life of
Oakland as he does in his professional
walks.' ¦ ' •
The date of the wedding has not been
set.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
XEII.L COMPANY TO BEGIN
LAST WEEK OF SEASON
OAKLAND, May 28.— Anna M. Hack
man, wife of Harvey Hackman, a
farmer residing near Livermore, waa
fcund dead at her home to-day. The
cause of death Is unknown. The de
ceased had not been sick for a long
time before her death, which was very
sudden and entirely unexpected. Mrs.
Hackman was 63 years of age.
Very similar was the case of Mrp. Al
vina H. Halloway, a widow, aged 71
years, who was found dead to-day at
her home, 11S0 East Sixteenth street,
by a mail carrier. Both the casea have
been taken In chare 1 >w the Coroner
and Inauests will be held.
Alrina II. Hnlloway Expire
Very Suddenly.
Mrs. Anna M. Hackman and Mrs.
TWO AGED WOMEN
ARE FOUND DEAD
Charles A. S. and Sarah Anderson to Michael
and Margaret White. W of lot 14. block
2119, Alden Tract, at Tamescal. Oakland; $1<X
Charles R. Johnson (guardian estate Mary
Starr incompetent) to W. E. Proctor, all In
terest In lot on NW corner of Seventeenth, and
Grove streets, W 190 by N 107:6, block 231,
Oaklaad: $14.S0O.
Gilbert L. and Lillian O. Curt!ss to Mlloa M.
Oopcevlc. lot on SW corner of Park and San
Pablo avenues. W 12O by S 62:6, lot 20. block
S. map of part of plat 6. Kellersberger^s sur
vey V. and D. Peralta Rancho. property J. S.
Emery Emeryville. Oakland Township; $10.
Mlk-9 M Gopcevic to Tlldea Togsazzlni.
tame Oakland Township: rrant.
Annl# K. and Walter E. Logan to John H.
Hopps. lot en E line of Lowell street. 45 S of
Tompklna, B 60 by E 120. being subdivision*
B and C. block 29, map of resubdlviston of
Smith's subdivision of Mathews Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
. The Rosenberg Estate Company to Robert
C. Rosenberg, lot on W line of Benton street
(formerly St. John's). 247 S of Santa Clara
(formerly Jefferson avenue), subsequent to wid
ening. S 3 by W 130. portion of lot 1». block
21, homestead of Mary A. Fitch, Alameda; $10.
Kate Kerrigan (tingle) to R. A. Smith lot
on SW corner of Clinton avenu* and Willow
street. NW 100. SW 119:10. to shore lino of
Bay of Ban Francisco. SB to NB Una of Wil
low street. NE to beginning, block 79. land ad
jacent town of Enclnal. Alameda; $10.
George W. and AnxeHne 8. H. "Webb to John
M. Foy. lot on SW corner of mirant and Shat
tuck avenues. W 124.SO. S 110. E 116:3. X
110.33, lo«s> 1 and 2. block 2. map of Barker
Tract, portion of plat 69, March. 1S80, Berke
ley: $10.
Mary E. Raymoond (widow) to C. Weaton
CUrk (single), lot on S line of Forest avenue.
SA3:ti E of Center, now Piedmont way. G 61:4
by S 102:5. lot 13. block D, property of Berke
ley Homestead Association. Berkeley; Jio.
Excelsior Redwood Company to Excelsior In
vestment ComBany. lot on S line of Berkeley
way, 260 W of Center street. W CO by 8 103.
lot 19 block 3, Shaw Tract: also lot beginning
250 feat from Intersection of W line of Center
avenue with N line of University avenue, W
60 by N 103, lot C, block 3, same map, Herke-
Judson and Kathertne C. Whe«Ier to 9. H.
Frailer, lot 3. block 1. Wheeler Tract, deed
and agreement. Berkeley; $10.
Oeorga J. W. Stark to Henrietta Stark
(wife), lot on S line of Thirteenth street 10O
E of West. E 33:4 by S 100. lot 10. and portion
lot 11, block 181. Kellersberger's map, Oak
land; iUt.
E. 8. and Margaret Aisgel to 3. P. Rehrbach.
lot on S line of Eighth street, 33:8 W ot Chest
nut W 33:6 by S 100. lot 2. block 037, map of
portion of blocks S37 and 553, property of Mrs.
Touchard. Oakland: $10.
Ro»« M. Shattuck f-widow) to Fre<i VT. aod
Martin Foss lot on SW corner of M!lvU street
and Allaton'way. W 89.93. S 87.66. E 83.47. N
87.88. lots S and 6 (except W 40 feet thereof),
block 4, map Shattuck Tract No. 2, Berkeley;
$10.
Sarah F. Henderson <wlf» of M. F.) to Cyn
thia R. Clark <wlfe ot A. K.). lot on E line of
Market »tre«t. 69 N of Thirty-third or Nolan.
N 31 by E 11«:3. being- portion of lot 2. block
K. property of Central Land Company, Oak
land; $10.
W. V. and Castllla A. Rees to Laura B.
Trenschel (widow), lot on N line of Sixth
•treet, 100 E of Madison, E 60 by N 100. !otJ
2fl and 27, block 127. Kellersberger'a map, Oak
land; $10.
Laura Belle Trenschel to "W. L. Re«s. lot on
SE lln« of Flftn avenue. 30 SW of East
Eighteenth «tr«et. SW 40 by SE 100, block us*.
Clinton East Oakland; $10.
William Fieldwlck dingle) to M. I*. II jy*.
lot on W line of Tenth »tre«t. JW.34 S of Inter
secting line with 8 line of right of way of
Berkeley Branch Railroad. S rx> by W 10O.1*.
lot 4, block 23. property of L. M. Beaudry and
O. Peladeau, beln* plat 41 on Kelier»b«nrer'8
map, etc. of Emeryville. Oakland Township;
$10.
Alameda County.
FRIDAY. MAT 27.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
President R. H. Jesse, University of
Missouri, "Coeducation as It Has Been
Tested in the State Universities."
President G. Stanley Hall, Clark Uni
versity.
President James B. Angell, Univer
sity of Michigan..
July 1— Chancellor E. Benjamin An
drews, University of Nebraska, "The
General Tendency of College Ath
letics."
President W. H. P. Faunce, Brown
University, "College Athletics." '
Chancellor vv^nk Strong, University
of Kansas, "The Highest Standards of
College Athletics — Outright Amateur
ism.""
President Charles W. Dabney, Uni
versity of Tennessee, "The Experience
of the South in Regard to Coeducation
and Other Forms of Education .for
Women."
President Wheeler as president of
the department of Higher Education
of the National Education Association
has completed the programme for the
session of the department which is to
be held at the St. Louis Exposition on
June 29 and July 1. The two subjects
chosen for discussion are "Coeducation
in Relation to Other Types of College
Education for Women" and "The Pres
ent Tendencies of College Athletics." .
The list of speakers with their sub
jects includes the following:
June 29^- : President Charles F.
Thwlng. Western Reserve University,
"The Women's Annex. Versus Coeduca
tion."
BERKELEY, May 28.— A letter re
ceived in the university by friends of
Ben Southard of the class of 1902 con
tains the news that he is now playing
the leading role in the Paul Gilmore
company, which is touring the North
ern and Eastern cities of the United
States with the comedy play, "The
Mummy and the Humming Bird." Dur
ing his college career Southard was
one of the best of the amateurs on
the college stage, receiving much of
his training under the late Professor
Syle.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The heroic action of the engineer of a.
little compressed air locomotive, as
sisted by a number of the employes,
was all that prevented a terrible explo
sion of dynamite this evening at the
works of the California Powder Works
at Pinole. During the fire, which de
stroyed the gun cotton department,
half a dozen freight cars loaded with
dynamite were standing on a side track
close to the gun cotton building, and
when the structure caught fire the
flames spread so rapidly that there was
little time to move the cars.
The little compressed air engine was
coupled on, and Just in time the train
load of dynamite was whisked away to
a safe distance. Many empty cars
were standing on the same siding and
an attempt was made to save them,
but the heat was so great that It was
impossible and they were burned with
the building.
The gun cotton department was
burned to the ground and a lot of
valuable machinery was destroyed. The
total loss will amount to about $25,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
- .. 1118 Broadway, May 2S.
Prompt Action of Employes
Prevents Terrible Disaster
at Pinole Powder Works
HEROIC WORK
AVERTS LOSS
Miss Egan, another c-f Mrs. Hearst's
secretaries, was in Berkeley to-day
Fettling up the affairs of the Domestic
Science School. Miss Egan was un
communicative about Mrs. Hearst's
r<lar.e. *
In repard to Mrs. Hearst's other re
trenchments Mrs. McLaughlin says
there is no particular significance to be
attached to them. They do not mean
that sh* is to cease all her benefac
tion?. The will continue to aid all the
larger activities that she has long as
sisted ?<> munificently.
Mrs. Maiy M. McLaughlin. Mrs.
Hrar^t's private secretary and inti
mate friend, refused to-day to talk
about Mtf. Hearst's affairs, but to
pert-oral friends she has given the rea
son for the abandonment of the Do
mestic Industries School. It seems
that ihe school had never, in its four
years <-f existence, been conducted on
a practical basis. Mrs. Hearst believ
ed at Cist that it would eventually be
come f;e!f-tupporting. but it always
continued to be a heavy drain upon her
purse. The non-success cf the institu
tion from a financial standpoint was
due altogether to the fact -that only
the finet-t kind of needlework was
Uiugrht. and for this there is almost
no rr.erket.
iy»fkel«Tr OiP.cc San Francisco Call.
214S Cepter Street. May 2S.
TN piib'.ii-utiun of the story of Mrs.
Bearst'fi withdrawal from the support
of the Domestic Industries School for
girls attending the University of Cali
fornia, and from two ether of her bene
faction* has brought out a denial from
Mrs. Hearst^ friends that she contem
plates complete withdrawal of assist
ance t<> university activities. These
friejids eay that the university's bene
factress is merely lopping oft! a few of
the nrn-re expensive experiments that
have failed to justify her further aid.
It is true that she Is retrenching in
certain directions, but this is merely
incidental.
As an issue growing out of the suit
an accounting was called for from the
trustees. According to the present set
tlement the estate of John Taylor turns
back 1000 shares of the Kennedy Min
ing and Milling Company's stock Into
the estate and ten shares of the Llver
more Bank stock. Thomas H. B. Var
ney turns back seventy shares of the
bank stock, and Judge Seawell has de
cided that 450 shares of the Kennedy
Mining and Milling Company and ten
shares of the bank stock claimed by
Pitcher's estate but held by the bank
belong to the Varney estate.
The annuitants are Frances Raleigh,
who receives $100 a month; Harriet A.
Loomis, who gets $50 . a month, and
Mrs. Emily Brownell, who receives $75
a month. Fifteen heirs of the estate
have been represented by Attorneys
Bishop & Wheeler and A. J. Treat. The
estate of John Taylor has been repre
sented by Attorney W. S. Goodfellow.
i The* decision was rendered in accord
ance with an agreement entered into
with the representatives of the original
trustees in regard to the amounts to
be turned back by them into the estate.
According to Attorney Treat this set
tlement Is on the same basis as was of
fered them . seven years ago, but was
declined.
Charges of fraud and the extraor
dinary actions taken in order to keep
the case from coming, to trial made it a
matter of wide general interest. Var
ney was the founder of the Llvermore
Bank and Pitcher was cashlen The as
sets of the estate now consist' of all of
the stock of the -bank, the Garcia ranch
property, valued at $100,000, and 1450
shares of the Kennedy Mining and
Milling Company, in all valued at $325,
000.
The litigation that, has lasted for a
decade over the estate of Thomas Var
ney of Llvermore is , ended. Superior
Judge Seawell of San Francisco, who
heard the case because of the disquali
fications of the Alameda Judges for
one cause or another, rendered a decis
ion to-day in which he decided that
the eighteen heirs of the estate were
entitled to a distribution of about $300,
000 of property. This leaves about $25,
000 still tied up to pay annuities aggre
gating $225 a month. In this decision
the heirs have won as against the trus
tees, who have maintained that the
trust intended that the entire estate
should be held together until the last
of the three annuitants died.
The. case has been a notable one.
Thomas Varney died at Livermore and
left as the trustees of his will John
Taylor, H. H. Pitcher and Thomas II.
B. Varney, his nephew. Taylor and
Pitcher are both dead, the latter shoot
ing himself at the crisis of the litiga
tion. Thomas H. B. Varney has re
signed as a trustee, and the California
Title Insurance and Trust Company is
the sole trustee now of the estate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1HS Broadway, May 23.
The parents of the victim of the sad
accident reside at 2215 Andover street.
Within plain sigh of four school
mates, who were unable to render any
aid, ten-year-old George Rutherford,
son of William H. Rutherford, a well
known blacksmith of this city, sank
to his death this afternoon In the
waters of a pool in the old Blair
quarry near Piedmont. By the time
his companions, horrified by the fat%
of their playmate, had secured help no
trace of the boy was to be seeh, and
it was only after a long search that
the body was finally recovered.
Young Rutherford, accompanied by
Ned Elchler, Theodore Moore and two
other boys, all about the same age,
went out to the quarry this afternoon
to go in swimming. After they had
paddled about In the water for soma
time they climbed upon an old raft and
pushed it out into the deeper water.
The raft, overweighted, began to sink,
and the boys made a scramble for the
bank. All got safely ashore but Ruther
ford, who was thrown from the raft
Into a deep pool from which he could
not escape. His playmates were un
able to reach him and saw him strug
gle in vain to reach the bank. After
he had disappeared they ran for help.
G. . W. Burr and A. R. Scrimgeour,
both of whom are employed by the
Oakland Paving Company, which con
trols the quarry, dragged the pond for
several hours, finally recovering the
body at 8 o'clock .this evening. They
at once brought it to the morgue in
Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Mar 23.
Company A. Veteran Reserves, and
Appomattox Post will celebrate Me
morial day with a parade and memo
rial exercises at St. Mary-'s Cemetery.
The parade will start from Tenth and
Broadway at 10 o'clock and the line
of march will be from Tenth street
north on Broadway to Fourteenth, to
Washington, to Sixth, to Broadway,
where cars will be taken to the ceme
tery. The programme of memorial
exercises at the cemetery is as fol
lows: r38%JB
Reveille by Buglers Miller and Har
ris, Company A, Veteran Reserves, N.
.G. C; "Star-Spangled Banner," by
band of Company A. Veteran Re.
serves, N. G. C; (a) Unfurling of nag
by Master Raymond Travers, a grand
son of a veteran, assisted by Sergeant
Sherwood and Corporal Duesler. (The
flag- is the generous gift of Comrade
James Cahlll, past commander Lyon
Post. G. A. R.) (b) Salute to the
flag by Company A. Veteran Reserves.
N. G. C; Introduction of president of
the day by Chairman J. Winkler; read
ing of Lincoln's G#ttysburg address by
Hon. T. O. Crawford; "Red, White and
Blue." by the band; "Memorial Day
Thoughts," by J. F. McCue, graduate
of St. Mary's College; oration by Rev
Father McNaHy Sr.; "America." by
the band; taps, by Buglers Miller and
Harris. Company A, Veteran Reserves
N. G. C.
The exercises at the burial plat win
begin at 11:30 o'clock sharp.
C. B. White will act as grand marshal
of the parade, and the • following citi
zens have been appointed as aids' P J
Kellar, Dr. E. H: Woolsey, Dr. Carpen
ter," Dr. W. J. Smythe, Dan J. Halla
han, A. D. McKennan. Councilman R.
C.' Aitken, Dr. J. Maher, Captain D
Crowley, J. W. Matthews, Howard
Havens, Wick Havens. A. P. Smiley
H. L. Ranson, J. McCarthy, Council
man Fitzgerald, George Pierce. J. w
Bonham, J. H. Calligan, J. J. Toomey
W. Blair. H. C. Hitchcock, James Mc-
Kee, J. F. Reynolds, E. J. Stewart. H
Kohler, Percy Lee, G. Leviston. Paui
Butler, J. E. McCarthy, P. J. Delahan
ty, H. C. Richardson, H. F. Huber
Walter Cregan, John Matthews, Wil
liam Sohst Jr.. C. O. Huber, Thomas
Bradley, Dr. T. J. Leonard. Captain
Martin Ryan, • J. W. McCoombs and
John Nichols.
Organ prelude. Miss V. de Fremery,
organist .First Presbyterian Church;
prayer, Rev. C. T. Walkley, rector St.
Paul's Episcopal Church; introductory
remarks, by J. A. Colquhoun, president
of the evening, pasf post commander
Lyon Post No. 8, G. A. R.; vocal solo,
"Recessional" (De Koven), John W.
Gwilt, Colonel E. D. Baker Camp No.
1, Sons of Veterans; violin duet, con
cert symphony, opus 109 (Dancla/.
Miss Madeline Todd and James Hamil
ton Todd Jr., Miss Beth Howard ac
companist: reading, "The Story of the
Empty Sleeve" (R. C. Cary Jr.), Mrs.
Carrie Fross-Snyder; vocal solo, "The
Star-Spangled Banner," Mrs. Charles
T. Poulter: memorial address. Judge
Henry A. Melvin; "America," by the
audience; benediction, Rev. C. T.
Walkley; taps. Dr. G. C -R. Moutoux,
surgeon Lyon Fost No. 8, G. A. R.
The members of the Sons of Vet
erans will act as ushers at the church.
AT ST. MARY'S CEMETERY.
The parade will form at the gate of
Mountain View Cemetery and the line
of march will be thence to the soldiers'
plat, where the exercises will take
place.
The following programme has been
arranged: Invocation, by Rev. Stephen
E. Wood, Spanish War Veterans; song,
"Memorial Day," children or purant
School, directed by Mrs. E. E. Green
man; introductory remarks, Samuel M.
Carr, president of the day, past post
commander Admiral D. D. Porter Post
No. 169; music, selected, by boys' band
of the Masonic Home; Lincoln's Gettys
burg address, by Philip Langan; ad
dress, Senator George C. Perkins; song,
"America," by children of the Durant
School; memorial oration, Henry C.
Dibble, Judge advocate, a member of
Lincoln Post No. 1, San Francisco;
placing nags on veterans' graves, by
Sons of Veterans; music, selected, band
of the Maccabees; song. "Bring Flow
ers of Sweet Incense," children of the
Durant School; strewing flowers on the
graves, children of the public schools;
scng. "Peacefully Sleep," children of
the Durant School; firing of military
salute, firing party of Spanish War
Veterans; song, "Taps," children of the
Durant School: bugle taps, by A. M.
Colson, U. S. S. Oregon, Spanish Wax
Veterans.
The evening service will be held at
the First Presbyterian Church and will
begin at 8 o'clock. Following is the
programme:
The addresses of the day will be de
livered by Senator George C. Perkins
and ex-Judge Henry C. Dibble of Lin
coln Post of San Francisco. Dr. Charles
E. Lancaster, past post commander of
Admiral D. D. Porter Post No. 763, will
act as grand marshal, and he will be
assisted by the following aids: Chief
aid, J. J. Hollywood, adjutant Colonel
Liscum Camp No. 15, Service Men of
the Spanish War; aids, Henry Lamb,
Lookout Mountain Post No. 88 of
Berkeley; Captain H. H. Tbdd, past
post commander Joe Hooker post No.
11, Alameda; J. J. Fitzgerald, Colonel
E. D. Baker Camp No. 1, Sons of Vet
erans.
WELL KNOWN SPEAKERS.
The local Dosta of the Grand Army
of the Republic and the other organiza
tions of veterans in this city will par
ticipate In the celebration of Memorial
day. Plans have been made for a pa
rade and exercises at Mountain View
Cemetery in the morning.
The following organizations will takfc
part in the parade and exercises at the
cemetery: of three companies
of the National Guard of California,
Major Poulter commanding; Joe Hook
er Tost No. 11, G. A. R.; Lookout
Mountain Post No. 88. Q. A. R.; Ad
miral D. D. Porter Post No. 169, G. A.
R.; Lvon Relief Corps No. 6; Lookout
Mountain Relief Corps Ko. 35; Colonel
John D. Wyrrian Circle No. 23, Ladles
of the G. A. R.; Colonel E. D. Baker
Camp No. 1, Sons of Veterans; Colonel
Liecum Camp No. 15, Spanish War Vet
erans; Ladies' Auxiliary to the Sons of
Veterans, Maccabees and band, delega
tion from all the public schools of Oak
land and Emeryville; carriages con
taining speakers of the day and the
boys' band from the Masonic Home at
Decoto.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 28.
Domestic Industries School
to He Shut Down, as It
]s Not Self -Supporting
LOPS OFF EXPENSES
Ten-Year-Old George Ruth
erford Drowns in Sight
of His Four Companions
Eighteen People Are to
Share in Great Fortune
Long WithheldFromThem
Citizens to Decorate the
Graves of Deceased Com
rades in All Cemeteries
PLAYMATES PRESENT
The dead body of Pietro Virindo, an
Italian bartender, who resided in San
Francisco, was found this morning in
a vacant lot near St. Mary's Cemetery.
A pistol beside the body and a bullet
wound in the head explained. the man
ner of death, and there is no doubt
that Virando committed suicide. Last
Wednesday morning 1 he wrote a letter
Jto his. cousin, Antonio Gaffodlo, who re<
fsldes at Twenty-seventh and Grove
streets, announcing his, intention to
commit suicide. This letter was dated
: at Berkeley and yesterday Gaffodlo
took the missive to Deputy Coroner
Streightlf at Berkeley, but as the body
of Virando had not been discovered at
that time the Deputy Coroner could
give Gaffodio no information.
In his letter Virando stated that he
intended to make away with himself,
as ho was tired of living and did not
care to keep up the struggle any
longer. He asked the pardon of his
mother and his friends for his act.
Virando worked for some time as a
cook and bartender In San Francisco.
He was 43 years of age and unmarried.
— __»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 2S.
Writes a Letter to His
Cousin Announcing* In
tended Self 1 - Destruction
SEIZED BY MELANCHOLY
DECISION BY 'SEAWELL
PERKINS WILL SPEAK
Suit of a Decade Ends at
Last and $300,000 of Prop
erty Will Be Distributed
Fatal Trap in Old Blair
Quarry, Near Piedmont,
Claims Youthful Victim
Pietro Virando, a Despond
ent Italian, Terminates
His Troubles by Suicide.
Different. Military Organiza
tions of Oakland Will
Honor the Nation's Dead
3Irs. Hearst's Friends Say
?Sin? Will Continue Her
Gifts to the University
BENEFACTIONS
WILL NOT END
MacMuIlan alleges that he has per
formed his part of the contract, thai
this money was brought into the coun
ty treasury through his efforts and
that he is entitled to his share of it.
His claim has been repudiated by the
Supervisors, who claim that they were
duped when they made the agreement.
The suit is brought by M. C. Chapman,
as attorney for MacMuIlan.
At the first of \his year MacMuIlan
addressed a communication to the
Board of Supervisors, saying he
thought that much property in the
county was not upon the assessment
roll. He offered to expert the assess
ment rolls for half of the taxes upon
such property as he could find. His of
fer was accepted by the Supervisors.
MacMuIlan has since claimed half of
the taxes on the assessment levied on
the franchises cf the Oakland Gas,
Light and Heat Company in Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley; the block sys
tem of switching of the Southern Pa
cific Railway and the water in the res
ervoirs of ihe Contra Costa Watet
Company. The assessment on the
water alone has been placed at
11.000,000.
To enforce his claim against the
Hoard of Supervisors, C S. MacMuI
lan brought suit this afternoon against
Alameda County for the sum of
«21,70u 80. This he claims is due him
by reason of a contract entered into
by thu Board of Supervisors whereb>
he was to receive 50 per cent of the
taxes collected on all property he could
ilnd was not regularly upon the as- 1
sessincnt rolls. He claim:* that he dis
covered several million dollars' worth,
and that $«3,681 60 has been collected
through his efforts which would have
otherwise been lost to the county. Ac
cording; to his contract, he claims half
of it.
Oakland Office San Franciscoc ('all,
1US Broadway. May 28.
Supervisors Disown Agree
ment to Pay for Find
ing of TJntaxed Property
CLAIM IS REPUDIATED
C. S. M&3liillaii Brings Suit
Against County to .Recover
¦$21,790 on a Contract
WOULD FORCE
A SETTLEMENT
PISTOL BULLET
ENDS HIS LIFE
VARNEY HEIRS
TO GET MONEY
WILL OBSERVE
MEMORIAL DAY
SINKS TO DEATH
IN DEEP POOL
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, . SUNDAY,. MAY' 29, 1904.
Matron Drops Dead.
OAKLAND, May 28.— Mrs. S. % B.
Reid, matron of the City Prison, drop
ped dead this evening from heart dis
ease. . .
OAKLAND, May 28.— The >111 of the
late Bernard McGlnnis, ' filed to-day,
shows that he left property to the
value of about $22,000. The bulk of It
goes to his brother and sister-in-law
and the rest to nephews and- nieces.
McGlnnis Will Filed.
ALAMEDA. May 28.— Joe' Hooker
Post, Grand Army of the Republic, will
attend Memorial day services In a body
at the First Baptist Church to-morrow
morning at 11 o'clock.. Rev. Oilman
Parker, pastor of the church and him
self a member of th« Grand Army, will
preach the.sermon. • w
Veterans -to Attend Church;
On June 1st the Oakland
nsency nnd nrws liondqaarters
or this paper will be removed
from 1118 Broadway to 1010
Broadway, Oakland, Col.
CALL AGENCY 1 REMOVAL
NOTICE.
Telephone Alameda 4502.
OAKLAND. '
1118 Broadway. ¦
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERltELEY.
2 MS Center Street.
Telephone North 7".
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street. ' i
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
The women will be Interested in
this surprising young, creature
almost as much as the
i-^? men are;.
THE WARTIME GIRD OF, 1904
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
The Call'* Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
30, 1904, and all readers ot this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure shoald not
fall to place their order im-
mediately. •
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.
COOK BOOK OFFEK TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 190A.Wheat — May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 25 20 35
Closing 20 20 20 50
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening Nominal. 0 4\ 6 4%
Closing Nominal. 0 4% 0 4%
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
Miscellaneous Markets.
«RecelpU of all kinds continue large and the
market rules weak, though no further decline
Is noted. ¦' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -
DRESSED MEATS. V
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ~^-
BEEF— 6H©Tc for Steers and S@6c . per Ib
for Cows. - .-¦'¦' . • - ~
.. VEAL— Large. 6tf@7fte; small. 8©0c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, ,768c : Ewes. 6H07o
per lb . ¦¦ . ' v
LAMB— 8*.4©9e per lb.
PORK— Dressed . Hogs. <H$0St$c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. -,
The following Quotations are for good, eouna
Livestock. - delivered - In San Francisco^ less 00
per oe lit for for Cattle.
CATTLE— Steers. 7%®8 V»c: Cows and Heif
ers, «Wa7c; thin Cows, 4®5o . per lb.
t M eat Market.
KIXJIN. May 28. — Butter was quoted to-day
on the Elgin Board of Trade at 17%c at which
price the market was quoted firm. The weekly
output for the district wu 743,200 pounds.
CHICAGO. May 2S.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery, 13H®17^c; dairy. 12®13c. Eggs,
at mark, caws Included, 15gl5Uc. Cheese,
steady. 774&Sc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Good Record for Bank.
A Marblehead (Mass.) bank which
has been going .a hundred years paying
dollar for dollar all that time now puts
up its shutters and will go out of busi
ness solvent and respected to the last.
It was never a big concern, having a
capital of only a little over $100,000, but
it shows a better record than many a
bigger "one, and will leave a memory
creditable to the town and the com
monwealth in which it has so long op
erated. — N. T. Tribune.
Vegetables were generally plentiful, and.
with the exception of Summer Squash, which
wac in limited supply, prices had a downward
tendency. String and Wax Beans were abun
dant, and poor lots of the former from the
south were offering below the minimum quota
tion. The canners were taking surplus stocks
of Peas and Asparagus, paying lc per pound
for the former and and 4Va@5c per pound for
the latter, according to grade. Green Corn
from Brentwood brought 50c and some from
Coachella sold at 25@30c per dozen. - Cucum
bers from Marysvllle brought $1 75@2 per box.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. $10
1 15 per ctl ; Oregon Burbanko. $1 15O1 50 per
ctl; small Oregon Burbanka for seed. $1@1 25
per ctl; new Potatoes In boxes, $1 25@2 per ctl
for white and $1 25@1 60 for Early Rose. .
ONIONS — Auntrallan Yellow, $5 per ctl: new
Red. 75c3$l per Back; new Green. 50®60c
per box. - .
. VEGETABLES— Asparagus 4@6o • per w lb:
Rhubarb. 40©75c per box; Green Peas. . 65c@
$1 25 per sack; String Beans. -4@6c per lb:
Wax Beans. C@7c per. lb; Tomatoes. ¦•.. $1 250
1 50 per • box or crate < ¦ f o» - . Los - Angeles
and. $1 6002 for - Mexican (repacked): Hum
mer Squash, $1@1 60 per box; Cabbage,
$1 per ctl; Carrots, &0c per sack; Cucumbers,
New Potatoes continued to arrive freely,
particularly from the river districts, and the
market had an easy tone, with trade of a' light
lobbing character. Most dealers were anxious
to clean up, as Monday will be a holiday, and
some were making liberal concessions to buy
ers In order to force sales. The top quotation
for whites was obtained only for small lots of
exceptionally fine stock, $1 75 being the top
for the general market. . Old Potatoes con
tinued very quiet and for Inferior offerings no
reasonable offer was refused. Onions, too,
were easier under liberal supplies and a light
demand. . • .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
It is true that the young habitue of
showy places of amusement may pro
nounce the habit of feminine smoking
to be "ripping," or whatever Is .the
latest term of approval in his vernacu
lar, and it is equally indisputable that
there are many long-haired decadents,
showing by their dress and manners
a degeneracy from the essentially mas
culine, "who encourage women to ap
proximate as much as possible to them
selves. But without fear of contra
diction it can be emphatically stated,
that the English gentleman, well bred,
brought up in an ordered home, edu
cated amid the cleanly, wholesome In
fluences of a public school, and filling
his useful part In the sea or land ser
vice of the King, ip a profession or
business, hates to see a woman
smoking under any circumstances, and
as far as his own sisters and his
fiancee or wife were concerned, would
do his utmost to prevent it. Perhaps
his attitude is not strictly logical, and
If he enjoys a cigar, cigarette or pipe
himself, why should not his women
folk? • In his mind, however, smoking
by, women is invariably associated
with other attributes that he does not
admire, and though on occasion he may
make excuses for the cigarette that has
accompanied a flirtation the prejudice
Is there and is ineradicable. — London
Telegraph.
Smokinjr by Women.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %01c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Stters -9V4c: medium.. «Hc; light 1 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy nnd He for light; Stags,
Cc; Salted Kip.- 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf lie; dry Hides, 16c: dry KId.- 13c; dry
Calf 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25030c each;
nhort Wool. 40®CSc each: medium, 70@90c; long
Wool. $1@1 60: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2®2 60 for medium. $1 25@1 75 for
small and 60c for Colts. Horse Hides dry.
$1 75 for large «nd $1 60 for medium. $1@1 25
for »mall and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c;- dry
Central American. 30fl32tfc Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c:
medium. 35c; email, 20c.'
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4i;©4Hc per lb;
So. 2. 3 V4«4c;. grease, 2H@3c.
, WOOL— Spring Clip — San Jqaquln and South
ern 12 months'. 0@llc; do 7 months'. , HOlOo
per' Ib; Middle Counties. 12@16c for free and
ll«S14o for defective; Northern; 16017c for fro.
and 13®15c for defective; Nevada, 12015c. ac
cording to condition.. _ : . - '
HOPS— .lobbing at *7«4@30e per Ib for Cali
fornia. 1903. For, crop of 1004 the nominal
quotation is 20c- .'.. ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Articles — Receipts. EJiipments.
Flour, barrels 24,100 28,700
Wheat, bushel* 14,000 \ 100,000
Com, Whels \ 352.000 fi5I.2OO
Oats, bu«hels I 142.700 130.400
Rye. buxhfls !.... 4.000 2,900
Barley, bushels 24,200 6.S00
CHICAGO. May 2*. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour was steady; winter patents,
$4 7034 80: straights, $4 4&S4 GO; spring
pat»nts, M 30«j4 70; straights, $:« 90ig.4 20:
l>sker<. $2 G5<®3 30; No. 2 spring wheat. 92®
87c; No. 3, S5®87c- Xo. 2 red. *1 05^1 O«:
No. 2 corn 47%c; No. 2 yellow. 4S%c; No. 2
oats. 41 1 4*U%c; No. 2 white, 43c; >'o. 3
white. 41<M3i-; NoJ 2 rye. 72c; good feeding
barley. C8#40c; fair to choice malting, 43 l 3.'iec;
No. 1 flaxsetd, $1; No. 1 Northwestern, ?1 O6V4;
prime tlmoihy-s«?»d. $3 C3; mess pork, per
bbl.. $J1 1.WJ11 25; lard, per ICO lbs.. $8 4n<3
0 42'J; ehort ribs *lde« (loose). $0 37»4@O 60;
lihort clear eldes (boxed) $6 2506 T.0; . whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 2S; clover, contract
grade. (10 75.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
The market for Beans closed** the we#k
quietly, with no further change in quotations.
BEANS — Bayos. f- ::5'a- 50; Pea, »U UU4T3:
Butters. *3: small White. $2 85-g3 10; large
White. $2 25»2 66: Pink, $3 45®3 (JO; Red,
$4 25; Lima, $3 25#3 30; Red Kidneys, $1 759
6; Blackeye. $1 00&215 per ctl; Horse Beans.
\ya-i 60.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $404 23; Yellow
Mustard. $30:1 25; Flax. $1 80® 1 90; Canary.
6%«5»;c for Eastern: Alfalfa. H'^eiec: Rape
l»4S?2c: Timothy. C@«%c; Hemp. 3%@4c per
lb; Millet. 3^3 V4c; Broom' Corn feed. $20^21
per ton." • .
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25; Green Peas. $3@3 25. . ;.
Beans and Seeds.
In later times, however, the hlstori*
interest attaching to the two remaining
trees was better appreciated, and when
in 1846 a large branch was blown down
In a gale, the Society of Apothecaries
used the wood to provide four chairs
for their hall.— London Dally Chron
icle.
In 16S3 four Lebanon cedars, the first
ever introduced Into this country, were
successfully planted in the Physic Gar
dens. Two of these trees, after flour
ishing for nearly a centurv. were re
moved,, partly on account of their de
cayed condition and partly because it
was tbousht their shade Injured the
growth of the plants for which the
garden was specially Intended, and
the managers of the garden. In a fru
gal spirit, disposed of the timber fof
£23 9s Sd.
The famous ceJar of Lebanon.- which
haa guarded the southern entrance of
the old Chelsea Physic* Garden for
more than 220 years, has Just been cut
down.
A Famous Cedar.
The market continues sluggish and feature
less, with plentv of stock on hand. The Chi
cago report of. Mitchell, Muleahy & Co. says:
"It was. thought that the packing Interests
were covering some stuff through broker* and
there was »om» scattered outside liquidation.
It Is a very dull market, however, and at th«
moment without much tendency. Packers still
talk bearish and we are hardly inclined to
exnect that they will afford much support to
prices during the next few weeks."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy. 10c for- light medium 12o for light.
13%c for extra light and 15®1tic for sugar
cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams 13c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12S12%c; Mesn Beef, $10®
10 r>0 per bbl; extra Mesa. $11«U 60; Family,
Jl'JSl'J .'.0; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear
$21: Mess, $18: Dry Salted Pork. 10c: V\t
Pork. $27; Pir»' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
LARD— TUrres quoted at fitfe per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
8%c; 10-lb tins. »Uc; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins.
COTTOL&NE— One half barrel. £%e; three
half barrels. 8Ue: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
8c: five tltrces. 7%c per lb.
Provisions.
Receipts of Hay. were larger, and aa two
closed days are ahead of the market the feel-
Ing was easier, though prices did not change
Bran and Middlings continued flrm. with light
offerings.
BRAN— $21922 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 OOSl'9 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21©22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23023 60
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 00&31;
Jobbing $32. Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal, $32®33; Cracked Corn. $32 50®33 50;
Mixes Feed. $22023; Horse Ueana, $3O(p4o Per
ton; Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat $11@15; Wheat and Oat $119
13 50; Oat. $3«12 50; Wild Oat. J7«10; Bar
ley and Oat. $7011; Stock. $708; Alfalfa, $7®
10 per ton.
STRAW— <X)@SOc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
LONDON. May 23.— Quilca House,
County Cavan, where Dean Swift wrote
part of his "Gulliver's Travels." has
been sold In the Irish Land Judges*
Court, together with the demesne. Ow
ing to the association with Dean Swift,
the house and land were sold on the
basis of a rental of £111, the ordinary
rental being estimated at £57.,r;X* t
Gulliver's Birthplace Sold.
MILLSTUFFS — Price* in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 60 per 100 lbs:
Rye Flour. $3 M; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 W): extra cream do $4 25;
Oat Groats, $t 60; Hominy, $404 20;' Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat $4;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 78;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25@8 W; In sacks. $6 7&9
8 10: Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7-
Green Peas, $5 CO per 100 Ibe.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60*9
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $1 r.0fM 80;
Oregon and AVaahtegton. jobbing at $3 S5{?l 25
per bbl.
Flour end Milt stuffs.
LONDON, May 2S.^The Bishop of
Oxford, preaching In St. Paul's Cathe
dral at the annual service of the So
ciety for the Propagation of the Gos
pel, said that in his opinion the work
of the missionaries would be far moro
effectual in South Africa and other
countries If they Included In their reg
ular staff ordinary Christian working
men. *
Workinjrmen as Missionaries.
- The following table rives a cornparatlra
statemenffor two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figure* are by S. G. Bennett,
hydrogrrapber. United States Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
Second Feet.
DATE. ,
1903. 1901.
May 13 10,470 21.940
May 16 , 10.150 21.52O
May. 17 10.150 21.10i>
May 18 13.110 2O.70O
May 19..." 13.110 19.000
May 20 ft.550 19.100
May 21 9.230 10.500
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
J Second Feet.
DATE.
- • 1903. 1904.
May 15 11.S80 13.59S
May 10 11,100 13.595
May 17 .Y. 10.720 13,9S."5
May 18 7.090 9.415
May 19 5,410- 9,415
May 20 4.510 9.415
May 21 3.70O 10.155
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I ~ Second Feet.
DATE.
1903. 1904.
May 15 17,200 U.B21
May 16 IC.t.fiO 15.740
May 17 12.740 15,740
May 18... 9.«10 14.970
May 1» S.T.CO ' 9.9SO
May 20 8.90O 9.040
May 21 7.C0O .8.220
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet
DATE. ¦
> 1903. 1904.
May 15 45O S3O
May 16 380 . 31»
May 17 345 2U7
May IS. ..5 at5 27R
May 1!) 315 2fiO
May 20 285 247
May 21.......; 2S5 335
FLOW OP CALIFORNIA FIVERS.
July •» 47>4 6 474 6 4714 « 47H
September 6 ttt « 67% 6 C2% 6 67U
Short Ribs, r-cr 1<K» Ibe.—
July 6 .Vi 0 .174 6 52% 8 S7%
«afalember « ~"> 6 75 C 67% 0 75
CHICAGO. May 28.— Lower cables and con
tinued favorable weather depressed wheat
prices to-day, final figures on the July de
livery being down '-jc. Corn is ofT *;c. Oats
show a lots of *»t'Sc. Provisions are 2«ic
higher to Oc lower.
The weather and cables caused moderate
re'ling of wheat at the etart, resulting In a
elight decline, July being off He to \c. at 86c
to Sti'ic There was rome buylne that looked
like covering of the same character that has
been in progress for several days. This de
mand had a tendency to hold prices fairly
steady at the initial dealings. Later, how
ever, holders of May commenced to liquidate.
Ensuirs weakness started considerable gelling
In other months, causing lueses all around.
The September delivery showed a fair decree
of firmness, due to purchases of nearly 1,000,000
bushels by a house with Northwest connec
tions. Extreme fluctuations marked the
trading in May. and much difficulty was ex
perienced in making sales.
After selling off to SS^eSoTic. July closed
at SST-ic. May ranged between 95>4c and »7'ic,
doting at SK»%c
Corn was decidedly bearish, due to un
usually heavy receipts and almost perfect
weather conditions for the growing crop. July
opened &c to Me lower, at ..^c to 47*ic, sold
down to 4ti T^c and closed at 47c.
Oats were under similar bearish Influence
in the matter of * weather. After opening a
ehade lower at :JS*;c. July declined to 3S»4c
anrt closed at 38Vic.
Provisions are practically deserted, and
biismert almcst at a standstill. The easier
tone in grains offset a firm hog market and
caused slight losses. July pork closed 5c
lower, at $11 274. July lard was off 2^c, at
$6 47*i. Ribs were up 2^0,
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2 —
May !M5U 97% 05'i 30".
July, eld K714 fi7Vi SO?*, 87
July, new 8CV4 «;% R5% S5?i
September, old. 82',i 82S KL'ii K!V«
Eenten;ber. new bu% 80!» 80V4 80%
Corn No. 2 —
May -. 47S 47i; 4G'-i 4C%
July 47% 47N 4«'.(, 47
September 41% 47 'u 40% 4U»;
Oats No. 2—
May 41% . 41% 41 41>i
July a«*i 3S»i 3.SH 3.SV4
September SC% 3O*i 30% 3054
Mess Pork, per bbl.—
July 11 SO 1130 11 2. r , 1127^
September 11 55 11 55 11 00 11 05
Lard, per 100 It*.— .
Future Grain and Provisions.
LONDON 1 . May 23.— The Duke of
ilarlborough has caused a flutter by
putting up for sale at Christie's thia
week a number of drawings and pic
tures from Blenheim. Every one knows
that Blenheim is by no mean3 over
stocked with works ot art, while the
Duke's town house, with the exception
of a few small rooms, is absolutely bare
of all such decorations.
Duke Is Scllinsr Pictures.
The Government Fruit Crop Report, which
appears In the first column, says that the
Italian Prune crop In Oregon will be almost
a failure, and reports from private sources
nay that the whole Prune crop of the North
west will be short this year, reliable estimates
placing It at about 30 per cent of an average
crop. There are not to exceed sixty cars left
on hand In the Northwest. Otherwise there is
nothing new In the market.
FRUITS-^Aprlcots. 8810c for Royals and
&312c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, *K9
6c: sunjlrled. 3@4^c; Peaches, 7@Sc;
Pears, 8»«il2c: Flga. white. 2'4«3c In boxes;
black. 4%c: Plums, pitted. fi@7Hc per lb.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2®2?4c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1003
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50- lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown,
4c «>er lb; 3-crown, 4Vic: 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
loo*e 3-crown: 4c: 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless. 4c: seedless Sultanas. 3 He; Seedless
Muscatels. 3%c; do floated, :»4o; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. 5V^c: choice. 5}4c;
12-oat cartons, fancy. 4>4c: choice. 44jc; in
bulk, fancy. B^Jc; choice, 5c: Imperial clus
ters $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $2; London
Layer" 3-crown, $1 35; 2-crown, $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 roftrhell 13Vi©14c:
No. 2. Ilt4<£12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13Sl3^o;
No. 2 lieilHc; Almonds, ll'jc for Nonpa
reils 11 He for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
• nd 9 Vic for Languedoc; Peanuts, «<97c for
Eastern: Pecans. Ilftl3c: Cocoanuts. $4 50«.Y
HONEY — Comb. 11%®12V»c for white and
llX/lle for amber; water white extracted 5i®
6c; light amber extracted, 4' / 4®5c; dark.
3^1? <c.
BEESWAX— 27329c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK, May 2$. — Exports of specie
from New York for the week were $1,023,332
¦nver and $2.S07,0«2 gold.
Imports of specie at New York durimr the
week were $725,915 gold and $2,404,000 silver.
Exports and Imports.
BERLIN, May 23.— Harden. the
critic, says: "France and Italy will
have the American monopoly of the
trade in sculpture" if the Kaiser's gift
to the American people, the "awful
statue of Frederick the Great," will
ever be set up in Washington. Har
den insists that Frederick "looks like
a bad boy who has just been punished
for refusing: to eat his soup."
Sharp Criticism for Statne.
NEW YORK, May 28. — The week ended
slcwly In the drysoods' market, with no
activity in any direction, and developments
in the price situation are awaited by the
buyer. Little change in prices was reported,
although « small amount of regular rales were
reported at 3%c but narrow odds have been
celling on this basis for some time.
A'ew York Dry Goods.
FN Bk. Oak.120 — |S J Wat Co. — lOo
Fischer Thtr 40c — SO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.100 — Swlss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect. 11 12%
Hono P Co.. 14 — UR InC pfd. 42H 48
Lon& SF Bit — «0 Do com ... 9 —
Morning Session.
Street —
$2,000 United R R of B F 4 per cent.. 78 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Fischer's delinquent to-day In the board.
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Apollo 4G
Associated Trust Cert 1» 20
Aztec 3S 70
California Standard 13
Carlboa 4 60 6 00
Central Point Con "•>
Chicago Crude .' 21
Claremont 82 64
Four £TO
Fulton 3 .5
Giant * 13
Hanford 193 00 198 00
Home 1 52!i ? 57»i
Imperial ...: 17 5O
Independence 27 «O 23 00
Kern 4 SO
Kern River 10 00 ...,.
Lion OV
Monarch (of Arizona) 39
Monte Crlsto 65 '
Occidental of W \a 1-
Oll City Fetroleum 5.8 •*>
Peerless '. 14 <X>
Reed Crude ISO
8 F and McKlttrlck 3 2.1
Senator 04 67
Sovereign 40
Sterling 2 tt>
Superior 03 05
Thirty-three 8 25
Twenty-eight 8 00
Toltec .' 21
West Shore 2 60
Associated Bonds 78 00
Waba&h 41
Miscellaneous—
Cal Jockey Club 13O 0O
Chutes Company 7 37H
Cypress Lawn Improvement. 6 62V4
Fischer's Theater 70 / 1 00
Northern Cal Power 10 75 / 11 12tf
SALES.
Mornins Session.
Board — • i
4."00 Independence \ 27
.">"<• Claremo:it ....'. 6\
2300 Claremont K>
100 Sovereign 39
2<J0 Ofl City Petroleum 59
\ Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the cales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 17 60 Ophlr 3 75
200 Bullion 15 400 Potosl 20
100 Con Cal & V.I 70 300 Scorpion 1»
1200 Con Imperial. 02 1W) Sierra Ner.... 43
200 Hale & Norc. 79 10O Sierra Nev.... 44
300 Julia (S 200 Silver HUl ... 34
500 Justice 2O| 300 Silver Hill ... 33
1«) K. Graesaler. 951 100 l.'tah , W7
200 Mexican 1 70! 4(W Yellow Jacket. 22
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
* Morning Session.
200 Andes 181 300 Con Imperial.. 02
200 Andes 19| 300 Con NY.... Ot
200 Belcher 32| ICO Crown Point.. 22
200 Belcher 34 1 200 Gould & Cur. 2!»
700 Bullion 15| 200 Seg Belcher... 14
400 Con C & V.l 67?,l 2C0 Union Con ... 62
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. i
1500 Esperan2a ... 01| 2220 Ton Midway.. 38
."ooo MacNamara . 1S110CO Ton Midway.. 39
1100 Rescue (.6I3O<*> Ton Midway.. 40
2750 Ton Midway.. 37| 500 Ton Gold Mt.. 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. '
SATURDAY. May 28—12 m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask. I
Alpha 13 14 Justice 16 is
Alta 07 09 K*ntuck OX 04
Amies 17 Is K. Graessler. 85 —
Belcher 32 34 Lady Wash . . — 06
Best & Belch. 1 BO 1 65 Mexican 1 65 1 7<>
Bullion 1« 17 Occidental .... 79 $2
Caledonia.... 87 89 Ophlr 5 SI'j 6 On ;
rhn'Vnge ... 21-24 Overman 3tJ 3,8 1
Choilar 18 JO Potosl IS 19
Confidence ...1 10 1 15 Scorpion 18 19
Con Cal & V.I C5 1 70 Savage 32 34
Con Imperial. 02 OTi Seg Belcher... 11 14
Con NT Ot- 03 Sierra Ner 43 44 I
Crown Point.. 20 S3! Silver Hill ... 85. 56 |
Kast Sierra N. Ot OSISt Louis Oft 10
Eureka Con.. — ' 50 Syndicate .... Kt 04
Exchequer .. 41 421 Union Con ... BO 61 i
Gould & Cur. 30 32|Utah 0« 07 !
Hale &. Norc. 81 85! Yellow Jacket. 22 23 :
Julia 07 CS|
TONOPAH MINES. •
Bld-Ask. Bid.Ask.
Oolehan — «7 Ray Tonopah. 11 —
Eaperanza ... — 02 Rescue 03 Ofl
Gold Anchor.. — 30 Ton Belmont. 67 6T>
Gold Mt Con. — 03 Ton Cashboy.. — 2S
Jim Butler... 30 —Ton Exten..l 05 1 12>4
Lucky Tom.. — 00 Ton Gold Mt. 13 —
MacNamara . 17 lSlTon of Nev... 7 75 S 23
Mizpah Ex .. 10 — |Ton N Star.. 27 28
Mont Ton..l 60 1 67«.tTon S Ijike... — 1 00
Paymaster ... — OStUnlted Ton .. — 13
Ray & O-B.. 04 —I •
He was arrested and confessed that
he had been commissioned by an an
archist society to poison the 550 pupils
in the school,""*mostly sons of high
placed Bulgarians.
PARIS, May 23.— In the military col
lege at Sofia a university student.
dressed as a peasant, was observed in
the college kitchen endeavoring to
empty the contents of a bottle into the
dish that was being cooked.
Tries to Poison Stndcnts.*
WASHINGTON. May 23. — To-day's elate
rrient cf the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the dlvis'.rn of redemption, shows: Avall
alile cash balance, $l«3,o70.373; gold. $67,011,
010.
Condition of the Treasury.
Western sacked, $1 6001 55 for Yellow
$1 47 52 u, for White and $1 45^1 50 for
Mixed; California laree Yellow, $1 55jtl CO
smnll round do, $1 55@1 CO: White *1 55®
1 «0 per ctl: Egyptian. $1 40© 1 50 for white
anrt $1 27Vi*rl SO for brown.
RYE— $1 30<gl fi2\i per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— 51 75@2 per ctl
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 07 J ,i 87?i 9714 97x4
OATS— The week closed dull, with $1 35
named as the top price obtainable for choice
Red. The other descriptions were as pre
vlou-.lv quoted.
White. $1 42%fl 52%: Black, SI 22'4®
1 27>4: ned. $1 27^«1 35; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Continues ecarce and firm with light
receipts from all sources.
CAS.II BARLEY.
Feed. JlOSiglO. VJ: Shipping and Brewing.
$1 10O1 11 U; Cbe-valier. $1 :o@l 15 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clos*.
December ...$1 31% $1 31 »4 $1 31 *s $1 31%
BARLEY— There wm a fair business in cash
Feed at $1 07^, but *alcs were not as numer
ous as on the preceding day. Futures were
lower owing to the heavy arrivals and the cool
cloudy weather In the country.
California Club, SI 23@1 32*i; California
White Australian, $1 02H@l 574; Northern
Club. $1 30@l 40; Northern Bluestem, $1 60
61 55 per ctl.
WHEAT— The Enplteh and French markets
closed the week dull, with buyers indifferent.
Chicago was slightly lower on the day. The
private wires of Mitchell, Muleahy & Co. said:
"Broomhall still speaks of unfavorable Hun
garian and Roumanian crop conditions. He.
estimates the world's* shipments at ten million
bushels, but with little change on passage. Our
visible supply will show some decrease but
probably not to much as last year. There will
be fine weather throughout the West, with in
creasing arrivals of Wheat. Cash markets very
dull, with a poor demand and a downward
tendency."
This market was «iu!et and unchanged as to
the cash grain, with futures lower.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
' Bid. "Ask.| ' j" ' Bid. Ask
Bay CPC 6«- 98 — S"«P C R 4s. — 100
BO- Wat 68.115 — . S P Co 4>,4s.l0l —
Cal NW 6s.. — 112 Pun Tel 6s.. 113 —
M C Wat M.100 -~ ; Do 5s ..... — 103
RislWBs— 107H Ruttr-»t B5s.ir>5 113
SF ¦L-idk 5s — 113>ilUR of SF 4s. 73U —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
«i a s •Co.*.. — 30 |Mat Nav Co.- so ':
Cnl Cot Mlla SO 87 |Nev Nat Bk. — 2C0
Cal GtECor. 45 — N S R R Co. »>4 _
Cal Powder..l30 130 N.Cal P Co. 10% ll«
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak Bk Sav.ll2& —
4 lit T.115 130 Oak T Con.. 73 _
Cer. Bk Oak — C3 IOOF Hall A S —
Cnutea Co ..— Orpheum Co.. — 16}4
Ciiy * C Bk,*- 112 PacC Cas Co.120 —
C» B L Imp."- fi»4 — Pac S Tel. .100 —
East :Dynm.. 233 Paraf Paint.. 3S. ¦• —
DontPwd pfd — . W) S F Drydock BO —
Do com .. — 60 SF&SJ Coal. 25 32J4
: — r • •
Unlisted Securities.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Cid. Ask.
4s qr coup.-lOttfilO'toJls qr cp new.i:« 133
4s qr ree...l<XS?;iO7M,ia» qr coup.. .10* 106%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Ss.101 — Oak T Co 6s.llfi —
Bay CPC 5».lOl 102 Do 5s Ill 112;
Cal C G 58.100 105 Do con 5s. 10114102
Cal O & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ex. 5s. 82 84 , Om Cable <is. — 123 ii
Cal-st C Ss.llG,- — Pac G Im 4s. 91 —
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 6s.lO4?i —
Ed L & P «« — 12ti>$ P & C H fis.105 —
F & C H Cs.lM^i — P & O U 6s.H0 —
Ueary-st 5s.. — S2 Powell-st fis. — 114
ll-C&S 5US.100 — Sac EG&R5s. 97 —
Do 5s .... — OTVa SF & KJV5s.H0 116»$
Hon R T 6s. 104X4 — Sierra R &>..11O 115
L A EleC 5a. — 105 S P of A Us
L A Ry 08.111^112 OnO!>) 10S —
L A L Co Cs — — U910) 10O —
Do gt dfis. *— — I S P of C . 6s
Do gtd :.s.lO2',il05 I U905)Sr A. 101 -"4 —
LAP lem r.e.101 — (1905).*r B. 102*4 —
Mkt-st C Oa. — 119U (1906) lOUi, —
Do lem 5s.H3»4 — "912) 114?4 —
HVft MtTrwi.iOlH — SPC 1 eg 3a.H0 —
NRR of CGs.lO«\ — Do stmpd.. 107*4 —
Do 5s U(Hill7 S P B R C3.121>i —
N P C R 5s. — 10U IS V Wat Cs. — 105
N C Ry 58.100 — I Do 4s 2dm. 98 99\4
X C P C 5s DOi'ilOaVil Do 4s 3dm. — 100
N S H R 5s. 9.2'i 9»J |SHtn G*E6s. — 100
O C, L&-H5 1.. 107 — U G &. K 5s. 100 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36?i 40 IPort Costa... — —
Marln Co. y.. 60 |S V Wat Co. 37»4 38
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
rent L & P. 3*4 4 IS F O A E. 6« 61
Mutual E I* 12% 12?iJStkn G & B. 5 6
Pac L Co. . . 56% — |U G & E Co. — —
* -INSURANCE.
FirenVa Fnd.300 310 I
BANK STOCKS.
rfm Ntt Bk..l2.V 126 1. P & A.. ..150 160
Anglo-Cal .. H-T/i *«% Mer Tru«t....2OO 215
Rank of Cal.42.1 430 Merch Ex 50
Cal Safe Dp. 145 14714 S F Nation!. — —
First Nationl — —
. SAVINGS, BANKS.
Ger S & L22S0 2350 'Sav ft L So. - 100
Hum S & I*. — — Sec Sav Bk. — ' 450
Mutual Sav. 10O — Union T Co.. — t —
S F Sav U.625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presidio 39}i —
Geary _ 60 i —
POWDER. ' ,'
Giant • CO',4 Ciu vigorlt <tt 4»i
SUGAR.
liana P Co. — 25c KUauea S C. 3 4
Hawaiian C. *'.>K 50 Makawell C 21 21 \
Honokaa S C 12V4 13 Onomea S C. 2-t • 25
HUtch SPC 8Vi »14 Paauhau S C 13% 14>4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.13S?il»9',i|Oceanlc S Co. 3% 5"*
Cal F C A. 100 |l'ac Aux FA. 5 »¦
Cal AVIne A. — 91Vi Pac C Borx.155 170'
MV& MtTm.lOO — ! ,: I
'. /Morning Session..; ,v,v.' •.;
Board — •
$5iOOO Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent. 106 75
$1.(00 Oakland Transit Con 5 per cent. 101 50
$10 (KlO Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 105 00
$10 000 Sacto Elec,- Gas & Ry 5s .07 50
Street — ¦ < ¦ ¦
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 13T> 00
5 Giant Powder Con 60 50
SATURDAY, May 2S — 12 m.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
Business was quiet on all the exchanges, and
there were no fluctuations worthy of com
ment. There wMl be no sessions of the boards
to-morrow.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 5G.eO9 shares, valued at $28,729. the lead
ing sales being as follows: Associated Oil.
4U5I9 shares; Claremont. 6200; Home. 1300; In
dependence, 22,910; Monte Crlsto. 1500; Oil
City Petroleum, 17.300; Sovereign. 2300.
Giant Powder haa declared a. dividend of 5Cc.
payable June 10. Senator Charles N. Feltcn
haa been elected a director of 1/ 'company to
fill the vacancy caused by tne |-eslgnation of
James B. Smith.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company paid a
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share yes
terday.
Bunker Hill Oil Mining Company has levied
assessment No. - of 3 He per share, delinquent
June 25.
The output of the Ophir mine for the past
week amounted to 354 mining carloads of first
class ore, assaying $t>l 04 per ton. and 41 car
loads of second-class ore. assaying $21 15 per
ton. The yield for the previous week was 356
cars of $69 03 ore and 13 cars of $26 09 ore.
Recent oil dividends are: Imperial Oil Com
pany. regular monthly. 20c per share, amount
ing to $2O.t)O0, payable June 6: Thirty-three
Oil Company, regular monthly, 10c per share,
amounting to $10,0<>0. payable June ti.
Pacific Lighting Company will pay a divi
dend of 35c June 6.
"The Security Savings Bank Is about to sell
800 shares of the capital stock., which will be
first offered to stockholders now of record at $325
per share In the proportion of two-thirds of a
new share for each share now held, provided
no sale shall be made of fractional shares and
that the offer Is accepted and the stock paid
for on or before June 25. 1004. All the shares
not subscribed for or paid for by stockholders
on that date are to be sold for not lesa than
$a25 per share. There are at present 12UO
chares outstanding of a par value of $250.
When the bank was organized In 1871, $125 per
share was paid in. In June. 1S92, $125 per
share more was paid In from the accrued
.profits making each share fully paid.
The Week/Closes With Dull and
Featureless Markets.
The Eastern Holiday. .
Abe New Tor* Exeharges wer« cloeed yee
terfiay hence there were no quotations of any
lEcportAac* from the metropolis. The CfciMKO
Bsaxd at Trade did business as usual ana tne
Eaa Francieoo exchange* were also In session.
fcut business was insignificant and it »u a
4ul) Ctr all around.
To-morrow b*lng Memorial day. business
wtU fc« «Mp«saed throughout the United State*.
Bank Clearings.
Local Back Clearings for the week Jurt
•nded rhow «. r aln cf Il.7e8.»47 over the cor
reapoiidlB* -week of 1903. being $25 .41 1J>9.
trxinst 4^.872,252 laet year. The clearings
Tor the sine week la 1902 were S22.196.3o4
Taere were on'.y five tuslnets days la tee *eejt
last year.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The report ef G. N Salisbury. *ecti«» dl
rector. United State* Weather Bureau, for the
Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended May
:i ucs follows: • - ' '
TJje week wa* a fairly good one for the
growth of cost cror*. altboug-h warmer rights
would have caused more rapid advancement.
Ther* were light showers during the first days
of the w«ek. which were beneflclal to grain.
Celd crop* and gardens.
Wlnl»r wheat has made fine progress, in
pome localities ft Is wairt Mgh and cotnmenelnc
to Lead out. Early sown •pring wheat l« now
doing weli but a soaking rain followed by
narrn weather Is needed to germinate some late
»own wheat and give it a good start. Oats in
the lawcr Sound country have now come up
s.o as to cover the ijTOur.d evenly and appear
very thrifty. Potatoes and other vegetables
bave made" fair progress. Potato planting is
finished and corn is up in most localities
where grown. H"r» are about eight feet high
and FTOwirur nicely. Pasture* are in Fplendid
condition and clover i« tall and heavy. Al- ;
IfaJfa is beginning to bloom and cutting has
Just begun In tome early Reids.
• Government Fruit Crop Report.
• From th» Crop Bulletin. United States De
rartim-nt of Agriculture. Washington. D. C.
icr w«k ended May 16. 1904:
New England — All fruit trees blooming pro
fusely except peaches, latter not promising;
cranberries wintered well.
New York — Peiches mof-tly Killed and eome
iiear* damaged but other fruits promising.
Maryland and Delaware — Proepects for
j^eith^i improve*! : other fruits and berries
promise bountifully.
Virginia— Fair prospects for apple*.
North «-arolln«— Krcit *<?ttin*r well.
*kiulh Carolina— Peach crop generally prom-
! 'oerrr1»— Vevrrzl > outlook for peaches;
•mall rSilpmrnt? . .
Florida— Cltru> irjits dropping; ram much
Alabama— I'ta- :m s promlM good yield; some
rip^nlnK.
Ilirissi—lnii" — Pcachc* ver>' promising.
Texa? — Fruits in (tool condition.
ArkanKaf — Peafhe« and awles above average.
Tennessee — Fruit prospects fa'.r.
Kentucky — Prospects for fruit somewhat
Missouri— Apples U-fi* promising in few
Vcuthcrn counties.
ISIinoi*— Fruit, except peaches, promises
. heavy yield , .
Indiana —^Prospect* for peaches improved;
outlook for other fruit good.
Ohio — Fruit trees in bloom in north; fruit
sett'.nsr well In toutU.
Michigan— All fruit except peaches prom
\VtscoMln—Strawberries. standard arrle*.
p!uir.s and cherries promising.
Iowa Fruit prospects belter than average cf
recent reasons.
Kanrae — Apples, cherries and peaches have
Oklahoma and Indian Territories — Berries and
Cherries beinc marketed.
Colorado — Fruit not materially damaged by
frr*t.
Utah— Fruit promising.
•Uashinrton— Light frosts on 9th and 11th
Injured etrawberrie*.
Oregon— Italian prunes nearly a failure;
cberTle*. peaches and pears fair; strawberries
tad apples rood.
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— raciSc Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. May 2S— 3 p. m.
The fcll»wing are the eeasonal rainfalls to
aa compered with those of the same
<<d.te' last season a.nd rainfall in last twenty
four hours: ¦-•¦
Lart This Last
etatiens — 2t hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ... O.OO"" «3.7» .11.15
Red Bluff 0.00 M.18 24.21
Facramcntr> «.C0 1«.M 1«.C2
Fan Frtncisco «.<« 20-B9 1S.28
rreino ¦ \ "^ «•'" - s -M
Independence «.<*» 2.59 2.34
Faa Luis Obltpo ... 0.00 16. »9 IS. 49
Le« Angeles O.O<j Ji.72 19.23
6*n Dieso 0.0O 4.40 11. C5
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratcres are reported for the preceding day
from Eastern stations:
flotton 82-52' Kansas City 6fl-5«
Philadelphia «-5«! Jacksonville M-70
Cincinnati 72-54) Washington 82-54
N«w Tork 78-55 New Orleans &0-72
THE COAST RECORD.
I S§"22 il %
BTATIOXB. J 1§ If rf |- S;
': I I : i P
Biker =»-*« 76 44 XW Cloudy .00
<:arsoa 2».S« 74 40 W Pt.Cldy .00
Tretno 29. R2 fl4 M \V Cl?8.r .00:
E. rsral!on.30.CK» S7 r.l W Cloudy .<*)
FlacsUff 29. P2 70 32 SW Oear .0*)
Pocitcilo r».M 76 r<2 W Clear .fK)
Ir.deriendence -2J».R2 « r.4 KE Pt.Cldy .00
Lo« Auitcle* ..29.S4 74 BO SW Clear .«W
Sit Tamalpaie.2S».WJ 70 Ct SW »'lou<5y .00
Phoenix 23. 7« 04 C2 \V Clear .00
Point Reyes ..-"3.05 S3 W) W Cloudy .00
Portland 2a.8« 74 62 NW Cloudy .00
r>d Kluff 29. R2 KS 68 8E Cloudy .00
RoMburg 23. «« *>0 48 NB Pt.Cldy .00
Hacramento ..29.R6 82 CM 8 Cloudy .00
Salt I-*ke 23 - tc 72 4 * X CI^W .00
San Francisco. 29.SW Ui fiO W «1oudy .Wt
P L Obl£po..30.0» «4 R4 W Pt.Cldy .00
t»«n Diego 29.94 6S 6« "W Clear .00
Seattle ».96 «« AH XW Clear .On
fpokane »•«* "? ** w «noudy .©<»
TatoostJ 3000 M 4<J S Cloudy .00
Walla Wal'.i..ra-K 82 54 E Pt.CTdy .00
Winnemucca. ..t!».R2 78 40 SW Clear .00
Turns. 23.78 J)4 C2 W Clear ; .00
WEATHER COraJITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. /
There has been a slight tall In pressure
during the ra*t twenty-four hour* over the
C rcater portion of the Pacific Elope.
Cloudy weather prevails from Point Concep
1ion ecrthward on the coast and also In the
Sacramento Valley.
The temperature continues above the normal
In the Interior of California.
Foreeart made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* endinr mldnirht. May 29:
Northern California— Cloudy Sunday, pos
klbly showers In the mountains; fresh south
erly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday; fresh
toutliwe#t winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
Kan Fraocleco and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday;
fre*h southerly wlrtds. changing to brisk
westerly. A. G. McADIE.
Oistrict • Forecaster. ,
STOCK MAEKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
fterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 S5>4
terling Exchange, sight — 4 S7<4
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 88^4
New York Exchange, sight — 07ii
Ntrw York Exchange, telegraphic — . 10
Silver. p*r ounce — 55Ai
Mexican Dollars, nominal 43 © '
NEW TORK. May 28.— The statement of
averages of the Clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans $1,040,483. 4*m.
decrease $16,070,100; deposits $ 1. 098.955, DOO.
decrease $1,612,600; circulation, $37,001,600, in
crease $521,200; legal tenders $81,155,300. in
crease J3.O12.3o0; epecle $233,275,400, Increase
$i3.272,»00; reserve required $274,738,375. de
crease 403,150; surplus $23,602,325, Increase
$l«.6S8.O50; ex-Cnited States deposits $33,911,
775; increase $16,ia7,150.
Associated Banks' Statement.
LONDON, Majr 2S.— The Dogs' Pro
tective League has opened a new field
for women. The professions they have
overstocked. Now the members of the .
gentler sex who are compelled to take
employment may be provided for In the
hospital of the league as nurses for
sick canines. Dog nursing. It Is said.
Is growing popular. It pays better than
typewriting.
Doc Xurstojj the Latest.
LOCAL 3IAEKETS.
Flour qr sks. ..19,7801 Leather, rolls .. SS
Wheat ctls .... 6,R15|l,lme, bbls 270
Barley' ctls .... 21, 339i Paper, reams ... 1,4<VJ
Corn, 'ctls ....... 4R6lWlne. gals ......61,700
Rye, ctls 4331 Feed, cks 41
Beans sks ..... 4S Tallow, ctl 232
Potatoes, eks ... 2.790 Hay. tons 651
Onions, sks .... 1.C40 Straw, tons 5
Bran ska 1.822! Wool, bales ...."I SM
Middlings, sks .. C5' Shorts, sks 8O
Oats, ctlft ' 2.11 Screenings, sks .. 2lri>
Hides. No ...y. 4,10fltCornmeal (East),
Pelts No ...... 1,300| centals 865
FOR SATURDAT, MAY 28.
Receipts of Produce.
NEW TORK. May 28. — do»e — Money on
ci.:i was nominal; no loans.
Time money was easy, with alxty and ninety
day loans at 2H4J2% per cent; six months,
3tf3«i per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. S?i@4U P«r cent.
Sterling exchange was nominal, with actual
business in bankers' bills at 54.S715S4-S720 for
demand, and at $4.6525^1.6530 for sixty-day
bills.
Posted rates, $4 £634 £S.
Commercial bills, $1 85 JM Sl'v
New York Money Market.
BLACKBERRIES— $5@7 per chest
RASPBERRIES — Crates Irom Loomls. $1 50
each.
GOOSEBERRIES— l>.4@2!4c per lb for com
mon and T'j'al'Jc for English.
CURRANTS— 50075c per drawer.
CHERRIES— Black. *0©C3e per drawer and
3&6c per ib In bulk; White. 25<tt40c per drawer
and 2® 4c per lb In bulk; Royal Anne, 60@73c
per drawer and bfdOc per lb In bulk.
APRICOTS— SI 60@l 75 per box.
APPLES— $1«B2 50 per box. »
FIGS— 51 25®1 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orange*. $1 SO®
2 50 for fancy. $1@2 for choice and ?1(81 25 for
standard; Sefdllngs. $1#1 25: Valenclas. $2t?
2 75; Mediterranean Sweats. $1 5(tf?l 75; Tan
cerlnes, SI 60; Lemons. $2 60^2 75 for fancy,
M ,'CSil 75 for choice and $101 -25 for stand
ard; Grape Fruit, $1 5092 for seedlrss and $l / ffi
1 50 for ordinary: Mexican Limes, $5@5 50 per
case; Hanana;. *C1/.'< per bunch for Central
American and Sl©2 for Hawaiian; - -Pineapple*.
$-1j3 per dozen. , .„
Receipts of Cherries were the largest for the
season, being somewhere in the neighborhood
of 4000 packages, and as there were large lines
carried over from the preceding day the mar
ket was. very weak. Occasional sales of the
beet btack in. small boxes were reported at a
slight advance over the quotations, but for the
general market GOc was an extreme figure,
offerings of common white in small boxes were
practically unsalable. Royal Annes were of
fering freely, but they were poorly packed and
sold slowly. Bulk lots were steady and the
canners paid 2@3Vic for white and 2$3c per
pound for black. Apricots appeared from AVtn
tcrs and from the river and sold within the
quoted range. Green Apples brought 50c per
box. Cantaloupes from Thermal sold at twe
each, and come small oneg from Coachella were
offering at SSc each. Citrus fruits were in free
supply and^%nchanged.
STRAWBERRIES— $4®S per chest for Long
worths and *2<i."{ 50 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— JtffS per -cheat and
p«T crate.
The aggregate receipts of Strawberries were
heavy, but the market showed considerable
improvement, as retailers were, purchasing
freely in order to meet the extra Sunday re
quirements. Fresh arrivals of Longworths
were comparatively light for reasons already
mentioned, and choice offerings cleaned up
readily at firmer rates, the ruling prices being
95QS per. chest. Some poor and sunburnt lots
sold down to $3 per cb^st. but there were not
enough sales at that figure to warrant such a
quotation. The large varieties cleaned up well
and the canners were still buying at the mini
mum quotation, but were unable to secure any
great quantity, as the regular trade cleaned
the market up pretty well. Small lots of
Blackberries and Loganberries were received
and cleaned up readily at good figures. Rasp
berries from the south brought 20c per small
basket, and Eorne from Hay wards sold at $1 25
per drawer. Gooseberries and Currants con
tinued plentiful and dull.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York exchanges not in 'session yesterday.
Business still light on the local exchanges.
Local bank clearings show a gain over last year. ;
Silver and Excliangc rates about as before quoted.
Wheat arid Barley futures lozver and the latter active.
Oats quiet, Corn scarce and firm and Rye unchanged.
Hay in larger receipt and easy. Feedstuff s firm.
Beans and Seeds inactive at unchanged quotations.
Potatoes in good supply, with some pressure to sell.
Onions and Vegetables plentiful and tending downward.
'Poultry and Game in light receipt and well cleaned up.
Receipts of Cherries the largest of the season.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still dull and in large supply.
Prune crop of tlie Northwest cut down materially.
Provision market still weak and sluggish.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs coming in freely.
Cons for money.. 80Vi New York Cen... .ll'Vi
Cons for account. 80Vi Norfolk & West.. fi5&
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 89
Atchison— . 70^, Ontario & Western 22 V»
Do pfd 85 Pennsylvania 58^
Bait & Ohio S»«4 Racd Mines ... joy*,
Canadian Pacific. 120% Reading 22
Vd? es & Ohl ° 3 °9* Do 1st pfd 8!>14
Chi Great West.. 15 Do 2d pfd 31
C. M & St P 1«V» Southern Railway. 20«i
De Beers 19% Do pfd... 84$i
Denver & Rio G.. 20% Southern Pacific. 46%.
Do pfd 68% Union Pacific 85
E ™» •••• 23HI Do pfd 93>4
Do let pfd 6S%|U 8 Steel 9V,
Do 2d pfd 35 I Do pfd B6H
Illinois Central... 133 iWaboah 16V4
Ixjuis & Nash.... 109% Do pfd 85%
Mo. Kan & Tex.. 16Vfc| •
Bar silver— Quiet; 25 11-1M per ounc*.
Money— 2©3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bllla is 2£2 1-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 2 per cent.
St. Louis WoX)l Market.
ST. LOUIS, May 28. — WOOL. — Firm and
active. Medium grades, combing: and clothing
17@£3Kc: light fine. 15©17c; heavy fine. 12®
He; tubwashed. 21®32c. '
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. May 2S. — Clearing*. $600,743;
balances. $65,031.
TACOMA. May 29.— Clearings. $258,238; bal
ances. $."58,704.
PORTLAND, May 2*.— Clearings, $323,617;
balances, $37.C34.
6POKAXE. May 28. — Clearings, $226,868;
balances. $20,169.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. May 28.— WHEAT— Wall*
Walla, 71672c; blueatem. 80cr valley, Sl@S2c.
Washington.
TACOMA, May 28.— WHEAT— Steady; blue
stem. Sic; club, 73c.
London Closing Stocks.
SUMMARY, OF THE MARKETS.
Flour-
Opening s "7 03 27 35
Cosing 27 15 27 35
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6%c spot and B%e June-
July; San Quentln. $3 40; Wool Bags. 32835c:
Fleece Twine. 7@8c.
COAL — Wellington $S per ton; New Welling
ton. JS: Seattle. $0 CO; Bryant. $6 50; Beaver
Hill, $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, (7; Coos
Bay. $5 SO; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond,
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and 914 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg $13; Welsh Lump,
fll SO; Cannel, $8 SO per ton; Coke. $11 GO® Id
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks: Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lba and $12 SO
per long ton. according to brand. •
i OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add Be; Linseed. 43c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 KX^l 12; Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. C0©70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. SSc for Ceylon and 65c
for Australian; extra bleached -rinter Sperm
Oil CSc; natural winter Sperm Oil. 63o; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whale
Oil. C2c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 76o.
No. 1 Lard Oil 65c; pure Neatsfoof, Oil. 73c;
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c; light Herring OH.
42c: dark Herring Oil, 40c: Salmon Oil. 34c:
boiled Fl»h Oil 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil 33c; raw Paint OH. 31c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
14c; Pearl Oil, In case* 20%c: Astral, 20»4c;
Star, 20Hc; Extra Star. 2*^c; Elaine. 26V4<=:
Eocene 2-'5^c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
built 16c; in cases. 22^c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases. 19Vic; 86-degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c: In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITK LEAD— Red Lead. 7U0
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7!4©7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bates:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.03c;
Powdered 5.80c; Candy Granulated. B.SOc: Dry
Granulated, fine. 6.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). S.COc: Confectioners*
A. 6.70c; Magnolia A. 5.30c: Extra C. B.20c:
Golden C. 6.10c; "D." 6c: barrels. 10c more,
half barrels 25c more: boxes. 6Oc more; 60-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.20c; boxes. C.45c; H. & E. Crystal
Domino*.-- 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
lets than seventy- five barrels or Its equivalent
Th» feature of the • market at the moment
Is the AZtreme dullness of trade. The whole
street Is complaining. As there . are two
closed days before the resumption of business
It Is the general expectation that Tuesday will
see a weak Butter market. Cheese Is neplect
ed and extremely weak. There Is nothing new
In Eggs, the market being well supplied with
the different grades.
Receipts were 74,200 lbs Butter, 1633 cates
Eggg and 4S0O lbs Cheese. ¦ •
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 18'4©19c
for extras and 17W®lSc for flrsU; dairy. 169
17 He; store Butter, lZ'e IDe; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE— 8S3V4C for good to choice new
and 6® 7c for lower gradw; Toung Americas,
»©9",4c; Eastern. 12fcei4c; Western. ll«12c
per lb.. ;
EGGS— Ranch. ISfil&e for fair to choice;
store. ltifi'l7Vic; Eastern, nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
As usual on Saturday the receipts ef do
mestic Poultry were very light and the week
closed with the market practically bare of
large young fowl, which were In limited sup
ply and steady throughout. Small fowl and
scraggy old Roosters were., dull all the we*k
and there were quite a, few coops still unsold
at the close. A car of Western falls due to
day. Game, was In light receipt and cleaned
up well at steady rates.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14@15o per lb:
Geese, per pair. $1 00® I 75; Goslings, $1 75®
2: Ducks, $4 50*35 per dozen for old an>1
15 S0gf6 for young; Hens. $C@7 for large and
$5iS5 CO for small; young Roosters, ' $7 5oy>
8 60: old Roosters, $4 50©5; Fryers. $5 60®6 80;
Broilers. $3@4 for large' and $2@2 SO for
email: Pigeons. 91 25@1 50 per dozen for. old
and $1 6002 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 00 per dozen; Rabbits. $1 7S
¦§2 for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for brush.
Poultry and Game.
V CALVES— 4®4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3ft@lc; Ewes. •- 393 %c
per lb (gross weight). . . , ¦*
LAMBS— $2 60@2 75 per head. '
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to SOO lbs. B%c;
over 200 lbs, 4?;c: soft Hogs, nominal: Sows.
20 per cent oft; Boars. SO per cent off and
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
50c©*l per dozen; Garlic,: new, 7©Sc per lb;
Egg Plant, 10@15c per lbj Dried Peppers, 8@10o
for eun-drled and 12H@13c per lb for evap
orated: Dried Okra. 12^@15c per lb; Green
Peppere,-8«£12Hc per lb for Los Angeles and 10
@15c for Mexican; Marrowfat Squash, Jobbing
at lVa®2c per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, : MAY: '29,; 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
There Is not another story In all
this famous author's creations
more powerful and at the -
same time more slyly hu- .
morous than this.
SODA WATER SAL.
By Frank II.. Spearman.
AUCTION SALES
60-AUCTION SALE-60
Sixty head of DRIVING, WORK and DRAFT
HORSES from Tolo County. Cal.. weighing-
from 1CC0 to 160U pounds. Very few of this lot
will weigh leas than 1100 pounds. Ten head
halter broken; fifty head broken, in good order
and readv for worlc
They are suitable for all purpose*, from mine
wagons to trucks. Also stylish driving horse,
8 years. 16 hands.' 1150 pounds.
An Inspection by prospective buyers is la-
vlted.
Eala Takea Placa
TUESDAY, MAY 31. I9C4, AT 8 P. M -
At Salesyard. 1732 MARKET* ST.. near Van
Ness Ave., San Francisco.
; Horses at Tard. Sundaj-. May 29.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
fe HORSES! HORSES! J^
On Tuesday. May SI. at 11 o'clock, at J. E.
KORAN'S 8ALES TARDS. cor. 10th an!
Bryant Sts.. I will sell 165 head of tha
choicest younc horses and mares that hav<*
been offered on this market In many a day.
They are solid blocks, weighing from 100O to
150O, from 2 to 7 years old. This la an op-
portunity seldom offered to Intending pur-
chasers to get choice young stock at their
own prices. This sale Is called by order of
Mr. John Patterson of Reno. Nev.. and it la
a well-known fact he haa neither spared tiro*
nor expense in selecting the sires and dams
of th^ young horses to be disposed of on
next Tuesday to the highest bidder.
S. WATK1.VS, Auctioneer.
X. B. — I also .hare 50 head of 2 and 3 year
old mules and 50 hrad of young mar's wl:ii
well bred colts by their sides that I must
dispose of before June 10. For further par-
ticulars call on or art-Ires* P. W ATKINS, offtca
122 Grove street. Phone South 20.
£» £^ £*
JUST ARRIVEn AND MUST BB SOLD, a
lot of good gentle horses; also wagons, surrte*
and carts, single and double harness, at 1110
Folsom «t.. Tl'ESDAT. May 31, 11 a. m.
WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
To delay buyinjr Is unprofit-
able.
San Francisco land values In-
crease rapidly.
Read the .REAL ESTATE
bargains to-day and decide.
XEXT SUNDAY CALX*.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 29, : 1904.
38
BAJC MATXO BTAI. ISTATE.
SAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fsll
to see us before buying. Investigate Saa.
, Mateo Park. The Ideal property of them all.
, Lots of about one acre each. Easy tfrms.
Bound to be most valuable. See our local
arent. Frank S, Grummon. San Mateo office
open Sundays.
BALDWIN A IIOWELL. 25 Post st.
POI3T RICmiOXD URAL ESTATE.
DO YOi: KNOTT
OP THE IMMENSE FLANT
WHICH WILL EMPLOY HUNDREDS OT
MEN
WHICH BAKER A HAMILTON ARE GO-
ING TO CONSTRUCT
AT POINT RICHMOND?
BTTY A LOT THERE NOW BEFORE TITB
RAISE.
IN THE SANTA FE TRACT.
M PER MONTH. ALL LEVEL.
McEWEN BROP. Il« Montgomery St.,
SOLE AGENTS.
ALTA PCNTA TRACT at Stewe. on Santa F»
and electric roads; land $300 per acre: lot*
60x2fV) at $130: orchard of 15 acres and
bulldtnsrs $400 per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps. etc. Haight. 401 Cal. st.. 3. T.
FOUR choice lots cheap for cash. Apply 323
Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
IIK.IL E5T.4TK TO EXCHAMGK.
ALAMEDA County; Hajrwards: acre lots la
Trult; S blocks from car line; $700 each.
Santa Clara Co., near Morgan Hill; 30
acres; 20 In fruit and vines; cottage and
tern; price $43CO.
Santa Crus Co.. near Capitola: lflO acres:
23 orchard and vines; good Improvements;
price *7O0O. WM. MANN. Third and Wash-
ington sts.. Oakland.
$325<V-Lot 30x150; seven rooms and bath:
high basement; fruit trees, applee. fig*,
quinces, pears, peaches, cherries, etc.; flow-
ers: two large barns: near *<"hool; rtirht In
the line cf Improvements: "Key" roots de-
pot to bt located within three blocks of this
property; northwest corner of Miranda »t.
and Clarerront ave.: will exchange for prop-
erty in Alameda County. Apply WALTER
E. LOGAN & CO.. 111S Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.
INCOME property In Saa Francisco to ex-
change for (rocd lots In Oakland or Berke-
ley. P. C. LASSKN A CO.. 466 Tenth St..
Oakland. Cal.
ORANGE and lemon grove In Southern Cali-
fornia: exchange for San Francisco property.
W. LILLIE. 031 Howard St. .
PnOPEUTY WANTED.
WANTED — Western Addition residence; Instda
i of FT.lmort? St.; not to exceed $3000. Box
420. Call office.
WANTED — Chicken ranch, about 15 acres;
must be bargain. S. H.. 815 Larkin st.
WANTED— Mission cottage, from $3000 t»
$4CO0. Address Principal, box 601. Cat!.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAJKETJA HEAI. ESTATB.
DO YOU SAVE MONEY
DO YOU SAVE MONEY
DO YOU SAVE MONEY
BY PAYING RENT?
BY PAYING RENT?
BY PAYING RENT?
WE GUARANTEE YOU A 8AVINO BT
PURCHASING A HOUSE AND LOT.
WHAT HAVE WE FOR SALE?
EVERY KIND OF PROPERTY FROM tWn
LOTS TO A MANSION. WE OFFER THE
BEST TERMS. WE BUILD THE BEST
I HOMES OUR INFORMATION 13 THE BE3T.
OUR TRANSACTIONS THK MOST RELI-
ABLE. AND WE ARE ALWAYS PLEASED
'TO OFFER YOU EVERY OPPORTUNITY
FOR INVESTIGATING BEFORE PURCHAS-
ING.
LOOK OVER OUR LIST.
INSPECT OUR HOMES.
GET OUR PRICES.
BEAUTIFUL AND MODERN HOMES. PER-
FECT IN ARRANGEMENTS CHARMINGLY
SITUATED, LOCATIONS IDEAL. PURCHAm
TO-DAY. PROCRASTINATION 13 THE
THIEF OF TIME.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE IS 5CCND.
SOLID AND DAILY ADVANCINO.
A FEW BARGAINS. GET ONE AND LTVTC
IN COMFORT AMIDST NATURE'S HAND-
I SOME GIFTS. WITH EVERY POSSIBLE AT-
TRACTION WITHIN HER REACH WASHED
ON HER BEAUTIFUL SANDY BEACH Bt
TirE WATERS OK THE BAY.
$1500 buys a 3-roozn house: good lot.
$2200 euys a flne 6- room house: a snap.
$2500 buys an elegant cottage ; lot 00x139.
S3C0O buys a beautiful cottage; lot 40x100.
$C50O buys an elegant 7-room house.
$4250 buys a beautiful, modern 8-room house.
$4250 buys an elegant 8-room, house; fin* loca-
tion.
$5500 buys a modern home, 3 rooms and bath;
corner lot.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! SPECIALt
POSITTVELT MUST B2 SOLD.
FIRST COMER GETS ONE* OF THE BIO-
OEST BARGAINS EVER OFFERED TO THJB
PUBLIC. '
COST $23,000.
WILL BK SACRIFICED FOR
$10,000.
COME AND SEE THI3 PROPERTY. TTTB
FINEST CORNER LOT IN ALAMEDA; LOT
75x187; HOUSE OF 13 ROOMS AND BATHS.
FURNACE AND ALL MODERN IMPROVE-
MENTS.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
ALAMEDA LAJTD COMPA2TT.
1500 PARK ST.
TEL. ALAMEDA 490. ALAMEDA.
HOLCOMB. BREED * BANCROFT, la*,
loeo BROADWAY. OAKLAND. ~7'
BEAtmFUL, ALAMEDA RESIDENTS.
Beautiful home: 8 large rooms and bath: all
modern conveniences: oak ball and stairway;
art glass windows: bot air furnace: full base-
ment, cement floor; elate glass windows; 1st
> 55x145; efcolcest residence location In Alam*da;
! owtnr to owner's removal, will sell at sacrl-
> flee; offer wanted.
HOLCOMB, BREED A BANCROFT, taa.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
j — — — — — — — — — — —^—^— —
: $35CO Each: 2 new 8-room cottages; lot* 40x
123: these cottages are well built and la
the best location, and we will sell on easy
terms; soon be ready for occupancy; see
them at once.
$2300— «-room 2-story house; lot 50x130: lawn
and flowers: best buy on Broadway: cost
$3750 and is now In excellent condition.
$2200 — (J-room 2-story bouse, near station and
In fine condition; this is a snap and rents
tor $23 SO: well built, modern and has
flne lawn; best reason for selling at a
sacrifice. •
We have the best properties la Alameda
listed from $1000 up that we will eell oa
I terms to suit. Let us know your wants.
HALLY & CO..
2213 Santa Clara ave., near Park st.
Office open to-day.
BUY HOMES IN ALAMEDA.
No other locality often «ueh advantages as
thl* highly favored city.
Choice residence property la all parts of
the city for sale.
Houses and cottages for rest, botb furnish sJ
and unfurnished.
M-----« SPECIAL.
Elegantly furnished 10-room resideaee ta
permanent tenant. $100.
Others from 12() to $73.
ELMER E. JOHNSON. 1301 Park st.
—RKAD THIS—
COTTAGE: 6 rooms; nearly new: choice loca-
tion; new porcelain sink and bathtub; new
flush closet: newly papered and painted In-
sid« and out; everything in first-class condi-
tion; If sold at once, $1400 on easy terms;
cost owner $2400: only sold on account ownet
going East. J. S. HANLEY, I31O Park st.
A SACRIFICEr— For sale — House of » room*
well built for owner to Uv» la: lot 37:r,i
137 :«: cost about $3300; will be sold rot
$2000; ti»rm» to nult; a barcain. See J. F
CHOSETT. 334 Butter st.
ELEGANT new cottage. 5 rooms bath, flne
basement. Apply ovner.2139 Clinton ar*.
HEAL ESTATE— CITV — KOIl SALE.
! BALDWIN & HOWELL.
23 Post Street.
! Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
, Rents Collected. Loans Negotiated. ;
City. Agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
Publishers of the "Buyer and Seller," a
monthly paper devoted to the Interest of (real
I estate owners and those intending to invest.
| Contains a full list of property for sale. Free
I on applicaticn.
' $8,000 — Callfornla-«t. . residence, containing 10
i rooms and bath; lot 22:6xS7:6.
| $5,300— Lotta St.; ifew shingled 2-story house.
7 rooms, bath; breakfast-room, 2 toilets;
splendid view; lot 25x101; mortgage
¥25l"J can remain; house rents for $43
per month.
$2,C75 — Louibard-st. boulevard, near Flllmore
Et. ; lot 27:Cx05; house of 2 tenements
of 1 rooms each; rents $21 per month.
$50,0C0 — Prominent butlnees corner on best por-
tion of Devisadero »t.; new improve-
ments; stores and flats above, all rented;
no saloon; income $1219 per annum; pays
7 per cent ntt; largo lot, 63x110.
$2, CCO — Rents $20; 2 flats of 4 and S rooms; !
In good repair; Marrell place, near Hyde
and Pacific.
$7,800— Rents $65; Sacramento st.; 2 new flats
of 5 and 0 rooms and bath each.
$l,80C — Rents $17 per month; 2 flats of 3 rooms
earh; near Pacific and Larkin, on Me-,
Corniack st.
,$3,750 — Harrison st., near 7th; 3-story build-
ing of 14 rooms; rear house of 2 rooms;
rents $.'i8. j
$i,SO0 — Baker St., near Sacramento; cottage of ;
7 rooms and bath; lot 25:6x102:0.
$2,500— Leavenworth St.; near Jackson; 2-story
i bouse, e rooms; very cheap. j
$7.200^ — Sacramento st., north line; 2 new '
; flata of 5 and 0 rooms and bath; rents ;
$&> per month; lot 20x1 27: 8 V*.
I $0.500— Carl St.; let 25x137:6; 2 flats of 8
', and (i rooms and bath each; alto base- i
\ ment, stable and carriage-house; rents '
$05 per month.
$10,000 — IUrrUon-st. corner,- fronting on S. P.'
R. R., with spur track; large lot with
2-story frame building used as a ware-
house: property of this class Is hard
to obtain. j
CHEAPEST and Choicest Home
Building Lots
On official grade in Sunset District.
Sewered and macadamized.
Between II and I sts.,
I.i blocks fronting Golden Gate Park.
Electric cars pass these properties.
Sold on your own terms and
Monthly installments.
See these buildings and judge for yourself.
BALDWIN & HOWELU 25 Post St.
Branch office — Corner II st. and 7th ave.
Open every day, Including Sundays.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S ilarket st. *
$70,000 — Northeast corner First and Bryant
sts.; 481:3 feet /rontage; one block from Mall
Dock and wharves; on line of proposed rail-
road to freight terminus; a great big piece of
land which will shortly develop into extremely
high-class property and will Increase wonder-
fully in value. v
$22.i"iC0 — A Slxteehth-st. business corner,
cIoeo to Valencia st. ; 230 feet frontage; pres- 1
pnt old Improvements rent very low, $2210; a
pmail expenditure In Improvements would easi-
ly make this a 12 per cent proposition.
$5000 — Lot on Valencia St., n?ar Twenty-
fourth; 23x106 to San Jose ave.; a great bar-
gain.
$S0O0 — Beautiful new flats on Shctwel! St.,
near Twenty-fifth; rents #840; lot 25x122:6.
$12.600 — Six flats on Guerrero St., near Fif-
teenth: renting for $112 per month; frontage of
64 feet.
$7000— Five flats. In flrst-clasn condition; 4 and
5 rooms each: new plumbing throughout; rent-
Ing for $741 per annum, or over 10 per cent;
en Tehatna'st., near Fourth; lot 35xS0.
$2100— A cozy cottage of 5 roome. on Laguna
St.; corner lot; 26x62:6.
$2500 — Beautiful, new, modern cottage of 5
room* and bath, finished basement, etc. : in
the best condition: lot 25x115; near Twenty-
seventh and Sanchez sts.
$31CO — Handsome residence, 7 rooms and
bath; nn Diamond st., near Nineteenth: lot 24x
123.
$1200 — Corner on Devisadero st., near Union;
54:6x36:7: magnificent marine 'View.
$6500 — Must be sold; make offer; Brannan
st., near Sixth; a 3-story building of S flats
and rear house: rents low for $738; this lot
alcne Is worth the money; 25x110.
.PAYS $S40 NOW.
Should bring easily $1000 per annum; key
lot from Fourth st. ; ti modern flats; good
plumbing: brick foundation, high basement,
etc.: let 24x80; north side of Natoma st,; price
$7W0: a coat of paint would -make this property i
sell for $0000.
$2500— 2 well built flats on Welch st., near
Fourth; lot 25x80; rents $300.
$3000—3 well built flats In Al condition; on
Gilbert st., near Bryant; always rented for
$300.
$ll.C0O — 3 new, beautiful flats on Page St., i
near Lyon; rents $1200; lot 25x100.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648 Market St.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY, 410 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS. .
NOTHING IS MORE IMPORTANT TO
THE HOLDER of real property than the
known validity of the title thereto, as a
cloud on a title may Interfere with the sale
of property at a time when change of own-
ership Is most important.
CAL. TITLE INSURANCE & TRUST CO.
MANAGES ESTATES, GREAT OR SMALL,
Intrusted to its care, according to the best
Judcment of men known for. Integrity,
shrewdness and buslnem standing.
THE ONLY BAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate rec-
ords, constructed especially for Insuring real
estate titles like modern plants of New York.
Boston. Chicago and Eastern cities; reason-
able rater; regular trust company, business
transacted under State charter: all matters
controlled and managed by the following
DIRE«nT>R8 AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vice Prcs. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Bajfour. Guthrle & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL,
Manager Anglo-Callforlnan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney. Atty"s and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page. McCutcheon & Knight. Atfys.
A. T. 6POTTS,
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING,
Capitalist. C30 California st.
$9,000— HANDSOME residence. 9 rooms; attic;
basement; 2 baths; 3 toilets; large auto-
moblln room; fine marine view; cars pana
".,•," the door: must be seen to be appre-
ciated; lot TOxlOO.
$11,000 — Washington, nr. Scott: 3 elegant flats;
rents $135 per month: lot. 27:0x100.
$12,500 — O'Farrell st.; 8 flats; 0 rooms, bath
each.
; $4.000— Scott, nr. O'Farrsll; cottage: Jot 25x00.
; $5,0f»0— Gilbert st.; 6 flats; rents $55 month.
I $2.300— Sanchez; elegant cottajre: lot "2.1x100.
J $2.250— SE. cor. of Noe and 22d: lot 2GxlU. .
$760 — Chenery St."; flne building lot; 25xlOO.
$600— Corner lot: ready to build on: 3-1x112.
Scott St., cor. O'Farrcll; 8 rooms; lot 25x90;
' cheap
Snap for builder; WalUr, nr. Stanyan: lot B5x
80; will exchange for Improved property.
Broadway — Fine residence; 0 rooms; stable; lot
30x120. ,
PATTERSON. Examiner bide., rooms 20-21.
'NELSON, JOHNSON & CO., "
205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
i Foreclosure, Probate and Forced Sales of All
: Kinds will be Found In Our .
\ UP-TO-DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
I An Illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
a carefully -selected list of cheapest properties
i offered on the market In every, location. Kend
I us yoirr addrevs and we will mall yo'i one.
i NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
j 203 Montgomery st,, opp. Mills bid?.
NORTHEAST CORNER' . ' ."
FOR SALE. >
LOT- 51x100— $7500.
Dairymen, liverymen, factory and flat build-
ers, see this: barn, stable, .¦'lied and office build-
ing now there: title Insured. JULIEN SMITH
¦ Real Estate Agent; 420 Montgomery < st. ;
i $.1830 — BIGGEST snap In : San ' Francisco:
i swell modern corner house, • 7 rooms ¦ and
[ .bath, high basement ; : must be sold." J. R.'
SAUL A CO., 343 Clement st., nrCth ave.
, FOR sale — A beautiful home < of 6 rooms>
t Vermont and 24th st.; . all . modern ¦ and up
to date; price $2950; this Is' a snap and
worth Investigating. L. C. CULL, 24th st.
: and Pctrero ave.>. ¦ •
**.
COTTAGE, cheap for cash; 5 rooms and bath,
etc.: cor. lot, 50x100.; 417 Randolph St.,
Ocean View, or phone Capp < 1869. 1 ' - :•¦¦?
K K A I. , B S T.\ T 13 CITV KOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO
038 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION,
AUCTION,
„. -2 AUCTION,
Tuesday \- . . j unc 7.1904.
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
.HAYES. ST. INVESTMENT.
r»os. (jiiti-liZS Hayos st and tiUU-Ull Ivy ave.,
west of Laguna St.; lot 26x120 f*et. runninu
through to rear etreet; Improvements consist
of two very beautiful Hats fronting on Hayed
st.. containing 0 rooms and bath each, and two
first-claas flats fronting on rear St., Ivy ave.:
rent $U8 50 per month; mortgage $1800.
i" CLARA-ST. INVESTMENT.
! Nob, 1i-1» Clara St., west ot Third; lot 25x00
¦ feet; Improvement 3 flats of 5-0-6 rooms and
.?« each : new modern plumbing; renting for
?f>2 per month; mortgage of $1000 In German
Bank.
CLEMENTINA-8T. INVESTMENT.
.No. 20 Clementina st.. west of First.; lot 25x
!: ..5** : lm Provements consist of a 2-«tory frame
building of 10 rooms and bath; also rear house
of * rooms and basement; rent $40 per\ month.
VALPARAISO- ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 82-84-80 Valparaiso st.. east of Taylor;
lot 23x00 feet: Improvements consist of 3 flats,
containing; 3-3-0 rooms; also rear house with 5
rooms and basement of 2 rooms and cellar;
also 3 unflnlshed rooms in basement of front
fiat; mortgage of $1000 can remain.
: SACUAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 31C0 Sacramento St., west of Baker; lot
2«Jxi:i7:0 feet; elegant 2-story residence of U
rooms and bath; renting for $50 per month.
I2TH-AVE BUILDING CORNER.
NW. cor. of 12th ave and M st.; lot 57:Cx
1C0 feet. .- '
I Building lot on E line of Rth ave., 173 feet
north of O st.; lot - 25xl0O feet. •
MISSION CORNER.
SE. cor. of 24th and Capp sts. ; lot 59xR5 ft. :
1 Improvements consist of a 2-«tory bulldlnjr.
containing store and flat above of 5 rooms;
only small portion of the lot now built upon;
mortgago of $;muo can remain; rent $34 per
month.
. BRODERICK-RT. RESIDENCE.
No. 2211 Broderick st., south of Jackson; lot
27:8>4xll2:6 feet; Improvements consist of a
2-story residence of 8 rooms and porcelain
bath, open plumblnjr, etc. : rent $55. "¦
SUTTER-ST. BUILDING LOT.
South line of gutter st.. 110 feet east of
Stelner: lot 27:0x137:6 feet. / .
NORTH OF PARK BUILDING LOT.
Westerly line of Willard tt.. 100 feet south
of Turk; 25x100 feet: Bewered. etc.-
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. — Mission «t.. west ot Oth: lot 25x125
feet; improvements consist of a 0-room dwell-
ing: good foundation; house tn first-class order;
rent $40 per month
TWENTIETH- ST. BUILDING LOT.
North line of 2Cth st. 235 feet west of
Church; lot 25x114 feet.
ALSO
Southerly line of 20th st.. 130 feet west of
Church; lot 25x114. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
033 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO
" 63S MARKET STREET.
530, Coo — A strictly downtown businets in-
vestment In Immediate vlcinty of Montgomery
and California sts.; Improvements consist of a
substantial 4-story and basement brick build-
ing; stores and roomlng-hou^e; could be
changed Into modern offlce building with very
, little cost to be made to pay handsomely; this
property Is being gold to close an estate and
must be taken advantage of Immediately.
$32.000 — Geary st., near Larkin; lot 6uxl2O
feet through to rear street; improved with a
10-room building; thin is a magnificent kite
for an apartment house.
$24,000 — I) handsome new flats, containing C
1 looms and bath each; lot running through to
rear street; pays a magnificent revenue of
$217 15 per month; positively new and modern
In every respect; only $12,000 needed to pur-
chase this property; owner will take mortgage
' on balance.
I $22,<X>0 — Important business corner on Devis-
adero St.; 37:6-foot frontage; Improvements 2
stores with 3 rooms and bath in each; also 2
flats, ."..« rooms; 8-foot basement; rent $135
per month
$8250— Howard et., near 13tlf;' 2 flats. 0-7
rooms and bath; large basement; rent $50 per
month.
$7750 — C0x80 feet on the east line of Rltch
St.. backing up to 3d st. ; 3 cottages and stable,
renting for $38 per month. . - . -
$7750—2 beautiful flats, situated on Guerrero
St.; 6-10 rooms and baths; rent $U5 per month;
concrete sidewalks and bltumlnlzed street;
mortgage $400u.
$7500—2 beautiful flats In the Park Pan-
handle district; 5-8 rooms and bath; perma-
nently rented for $62 50 per month.
$7250 — Washington St., near Devinadero; two
flats, 3-4 rooms; porcelain bath; high basement;
new plumbing; first-class condition; only
built; completely furnished with piano, etc.,
which can be purchased very cheap; owner
leaving for Europe; mortgage $3000.
$700*)— Devisadero St., near California; key
lot. 27:6- foot frontage, with modern cottage of
tt rooms and bath; unfinished basement.
$7000 — 2 modern flats on Leavenworth St.;
permanently 1 rented for $62 50 per month; this,
is a sacrifice and should be taken advantage of.
$4700— A corner on Point Lobos ave.; 40- foot
frontage; present Improvement a 0-room house
and high basement; strictly modern; also a
lot facing Point Lobos ave.. 45xS3 feet; $1200
mortgage; rent $25.
$4.500 — 2 beautiful new fiats, S«6 rooms and
bath each; high basement; granite bulkhead;
desirable portion of the Mission.
$4250 — South of Market investment; 2 elegant
1 flats. 5-C rooms and bath; rent $45 per month:
Tehama St., near 5th. • .-
$3250 — 2 beautiful little cottages of. 4 largo
rooms each; large basement; stationary tubs;
patent flush toilets; rent $32 per month; warm
belt of Mission. "
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO.,
t CSS Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARfcJ LOTS.
Our new office at Oceanslde attracts attention.
But nothing like our new lots.
Everybody wants them; select one quick, i
$500 to $1200 — easy terms. /
On car line and fronting park; unobstructed
view of ocean; all graded, ready to build on.
"OceanMde" Branch Office cor. 47th ave.
I and H st. Open Sundays and holidays.
; $75 to $250— Near park and ocean; f 5 monthly.
$250 to $1000— Choicest Richmond lots; In-
stallments.
$150 to $430 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots. .
$950 to $5000 — Modern cottages tn Sunset,
Richmond. Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
stead; easy terms.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H st.
SOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 54, Fourth Floor, Chronicle Building.
« ""-"~~~~ ' * ..
'. $11 00 — 19TH-AVE. boulevard; fine marine
I view; lot 50x120; 4 blocks from the park; very
cheap.
! $75 each— 8 lots, on the north side of Mar-
! ket st. at the extension; a snap.
$1300— A flne northeast corner; 15th ave. and
Clement bt.; 28:11x120.
I110O— Southeast corner Tw^nty-elRhth ave.
and Clement st. ; 32:0x100; oh" grade; street
' sewered.
I $1500 — (4x100; fine business corner; Clement
st. and Twenty-second avo: -abstract provided.
$900 for 4 tots; 25x110 each; one block front
Mission mart: In Collero Horafstead.
CHAS. W. POPE. 11 Montgomery st.
WHY not, have a home In the suburbs.
Amid beautiful flowers of all colors and hues;
In sight of the beautiful ocean, with
Steamer and 'ship Kallliiz o'er the water so
blue?
Beautiful cottages and houses I at various
price*. Lots level and ready, for building,
from $100 to $400 each. -
THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa St., Ocean Vl-w.
HOUSE FOR SALE.
dp and see that beautiful 7-room sunny
house. No. WS8 Castro St., near Nineteenth; Just
completed; small .payment down; balance euay
payments; owner on premises.
FOR «eale. cheap — Neat cottage, 4 rooms and
bath; large basement; ttrms same a* rent.
Apply owner, lumber yard, southeast, cormr
Alabama and Montcalm sts.
$50,000— NE. COR. on Post «t., E. of dough;
82:0x137:0; substantial Imps. Box 703, Call.
$3500— LOT 25xS0; nice home; 0 rooms; Seas
grates. ;HUNUAKER. 0 Eddy st. room 101,
A MODERN 7-room bmutlful houes on Ash.
bury Heights; want offer. Box 701, Call.
$15CO— 3 NEW 0-room residences. Fell St.,
• west of Flllmore.
$1 23 PER week; no Interest: lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no xrad-
ins to do: ready to build your, little home
5 on; close to ilcctrlc .cars and school.
W. J. WHITE. X
20 Montgomery St., room D.
$12.000 — NOT yet completed; rents $1320 per
year: 3 marine-view flats; N. line Green st.,
1S04-C0-CS Green " st.J ¦ E. Laguna: every room
.Is and. will be sunny; ever* possible latest
Improvement. Apply at the premises from
2 to 5; lot, 25x137:8. . . ". •
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Bam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J.'E. GORDON." C2S Crossley bldg., 2:30 to 5
p. m.' dally. •, . • - . , / _ . ¦
SNAP — Cozy sunny cottage, 5 rooms, bath and
laundry: latest Improvements; north nlde
• O-Farrell St.; J4000 only. . Inquire 1303 De-
visadero, between 10 and 12 a. m.
$1UOO— COTTAGE, 4 roomsjiot 50x110: on Har-
rison St.; a snap. Mission Realty Co., 2 29th.
FOR sale— Good 5 ; room " house] lot : 2oxlOO;
Imps.; price $1300. Owner, box 080, Call.
THE M CALL.
JO UK D. STSSCSEM, Proprietor.
y[a^fYrcwHtai]mti-MiMciJLCb^.Mmfii
W. J. MARTIN' Business
TEX DOLLARS KEWAHD.
Notify The Call Office if You Miss
Your Pnpor.
tf for any can«e THE CAIA i« not de-
livered, rejrnlarlr to cufcicrlbers Pi****
can up "CAit rXCHAHOB" and notl T
3nb«crtptlen Clerk ia charsre. Tonr com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A rtandiair r«;rard. of Ten Dollar*
(S1D.00) is offered xor ine arrert and
roavictica of any one camrnt rtealuur
- HE CAL1..
TELEPHONE.
/.rk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With th« Department You Wisn.
Publication Office Market »nd Third. 8. F.
l^lliorttl Kocmi 217 to 221 Stevenson sU
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per ?£< n
CU. Per Month. Birdie Copies 0 CU.
Terms by Mall. Includes Postsxe <Casn v>ita
Order): „ «.
TAILY CALL (lcclud. Sunday). 1 year ».w
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). « tncs » ; w
DAILT CALL— Uy Single Month „•?£
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Tear '••• ~-fS
WEEKLY CALL 1 Year V. .
r Dally .$8.80 Per Year Extra
rCHEIGN j gSwiaV. 4.15 Per *ear £ xtr »
POSAUE. \ $r e C k », y : j.oo Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHOBUtU
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Etmpit Copies mill be forwarded when re-
quested. .
Mall rubecrtbers ta ordering chanre <»•*>-
«re*» rhcuid b» particular to civ« both I»ew
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
premp: and correct compliance wita their re-
cuesu
OAKLAND OFFICE: ' ,
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: ...,. —
«48 Center Street Telephone Nortb 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel: A. Brtntano. 31
VtAcn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
cu* Hctel and Ucffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Trexaont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS..Marc,uette Bulld'.n*
CLonc DSsunce Telephoae. "Central 2C19. ">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FTEPHEN B. EMITU SO Tribune BuUd-c«
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BrFrNEES OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, mrner Market and Tblrd streets; open
trail 12 o'clock every nirht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10% Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
II p. ra.
627 Montgomery street, corner Oay: open
until »:80 p. ra.
80ii Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m,
CBS McAllirter rtreet; open until *:Z0 p. m,
C12 Lai kin ttreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
:H1 Mission street- cpen until 10 p. m.
tCfl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 6 p. m.
!P« Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. ra.
:C96 Valencia street; open until S p. m.
Ncrtheart corner Church and Duncan streets:
op»n until « r. m.
Ncrthwett corner cf Twenty-eecond and Kea-
ijcky rtreets: c»en until "• p. m.
.200 Flllmcre «treet; opra until » P. m.
TO SUDSCRIBETLS LEAVING TOWN
FOIt THE SUMMER.
CAZ.Ii subscribers contemnlattne- a
chas.ee ef residence finrlncr the summer
trcntha caa have their napcx forwarded
by mall to their net? address by aotify-
i=r THE CALX Business OQce. This
Baser will also be en sale at all cummer
resent and is represented by a local
egeat In all towns on the coast.
liSTATK —^CrTV— -FOR SALIS.
MADISON & BCRKE.
3i» Montgomery street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TVEEDAY MAT 31. 1304
At 12 o'clock, noon.
O'R. MONTGOMERY AVE. AND BROAD-
WAY.
Modem 4-stcry and basement building contain-
ing 3 ttor?!«. 3 floors above Of 30 rooms; large
cuncrete L-asemeat; rental $545 per month.
TAYLOR-STRKET CORNER.
C17-M71, Taylor St., bet. Post and Geary: old
lmprovctn«nt»; rwitinp $»>5 per month; loca-
tion in demand for modern bulldine.
FACTORY OR WAREHOUSE SITE.
Stevenson tt.. bet. Oth and loth; has frontage
of 7.1 ferl and runs to Jessie St.. en -which it
:•¦:¦!- 50 feet.
LARGE "VAHKET-ST. LOT.
Kouth side Market ot.. 75 feot vest cf 12th: 73
feet front on Market st. by depth cf 165 feet
through to .-•<%. r.Si :. St.; property with
srand future.
DEVISADERO-ET. BUSINESS.
ISTMSM I>evisa(!«?ro et., bet. Bush and Pine;
new bulldir.K cf rtore and flats; annual rental
$lfSO; lot S<7x&2:»i; alto lot adjoining, 20x82:6.
FLATS'. COR. POST AND STEINER ETS.
N.E. cor. Post and Bteiner sts. ; 6 new up-to-
date flats; sun in every room; facing Hamil-
ton l'ark.
BUSINESS CORNER.
N.W. cor. Montgomery ave. and Lombard st.;
More and house. Id room* above; full base-
ment extending under sidewalk.
MONTGOMERY AVE. AND TAYLOR ET.
Three substantlsl modern flats. 2303 Taylor et..
running back to Montgomery ave.; rent $504
per annum: concrete basement extending un-
der sidewalk.
MISSION AND FIFTEENTH STS.
1902-0 Mission st. and 1611 15th et; surround-
ing corner; old Improvements; flne location
for store and Cats.
VALENCIA ST.. NEAR SIXTEENTH.
413 Valencia St.. bet. 15th and lGth; lot 32x100
to rear rtreet; old Improvements.
Terms at sale. For catalogue and partic-
ulars apply to MADISON A BCRKE.
30 Montgomery st.
MADISON A BURKE, ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY 1S58.
30 Montgomery et Opposite Lick House.
$12.000 — Post et ; two large, well constructed
houses: very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
f3,000 — 6 flats and store below; near Sixth
and Brannan «ts.; rent $S3 per month;
new building.
$8,000— Attbury st.. near Frederick; a fins
Isrge 10-room house; sear the park;
bllilard-room, finished attic and all
modern conveniences.
$10.750— Page et.; 2 up-to-date flats. « and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent $900.
$C,250— Beaver st., near Noe; beautiful cot-
tate. Just the thing for • small family;
fine carden.
t5,000— Cth eve., near Lcke St.; 7 rooms and
bath: 20x120.
51,000— Tenth st., near Harrison: lot 25x100:
rent $32.
$4,7KV— Two r.tw fiats; Vermont st.'. near
' 22J: rents $43 per menth; muit be sold.
LOTS .
$3,000— Eteiner St.. bet- Geary and O'Farrell-
csr llnee; 2 lots. 63x137 :S feet,
$ I. COO— Fourteenth ave. and A St.. corner. 120
feet on the new Park Panhandle.
JI.'JOO— Harrison st., near 28th: fine cottage
ft rooms and bath: lot 25x110; cheap. '
54.500— Chattanomra rt.. near Twenty-third"
large lot. <Sxll7:6 to rear etreet.
I<ct« 27:6x137 :6. on Eutter st., between Stelaer
and Pierce. !.-••¦,"• 'j'?
Culldlnc lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
eve. and Baker tt. : in sizes to suit-
prices from $2000 ovward.
Ttret *ntT. earh 27:0xl37rfl. on south line of
Geary st.. near FlJlmore.
MADISON & BURKE,
y> Montgomery tt.. opp. Lick Ho-j se.
~ WUITK 4 BAYLEY.
Furcrrf-ii tn
SS7T.— Fbzabrtn »C; ?.*xlH; $.%n down.
*-•">• — Corbm svr. : 3?x120: level.
t-rstfy — TonuT Pntnt I>lv»» »ve: 32x10^.
ftH<> — S-room hou«e; 27x137: Oeary st.
TZTAjO— r,Vw 2zt«; Lnfce Ft.: half cash.
Printed !M. rttv vr>/\ /-ountry.
2C MONTGOMERY ST.. ROOM 8. . .
| UEAL s-JSTATIS-^-C'lTV- — VOK SALI ?'_
; U. H. L'illiSEN & CO., 'M Montgomery st., ]
I llwtl E»l*te A«tnu ai:a AucUunutfra.
| $4i,uw— Kcnu i4;oj p«r i-unum; aumment- i
house in >.iie be»t reuuu* uei»uuo»ui*i.«i;
1 wiy htfht anU tunny; utnttiy uau MJ- i
vara lot. < •-' ',
41U.0W — fcie«:u>t corner on Post »t. ; 3 new |
moduli uata ox 7 i-oomi« and bath eacn
aud attio; rents $lt>i per nionin; lait;<»
fraotase.
*15,OW>— fcpuuuid piece of south of Market-st.
property; close to railroad dei-ut; «" ent * I
*il^: i>«r annum; aoubie cutiage of. 1 7 i
rooms each; store and - HaU; corner
witn 2 lrontage*; bncJt tounaation; 3ux -
100. • '
$12,&00 — a very nice bay-window flats of <J rooms j
and bath each; In Panhandle district; ¦
rt-iuing lor »llo per month. ]
J12.2UO->> flats and cutuce; lot 23x120; 2
frontages;" rents JU40 per annum; In
fcood location; near McAUUier and Lar-
kin sts.
fS,5Oo — lUuti ?72O per annum; 2 choice bay-
\\l:,duw nat» of 7-* rooms *nd bath
each; lot ZOxlSO, with 2 frontages;
mortgage $5000 can remain.
$7,500—2 very nice flats on Flllmore st, o-fl
rooms and bath each; rented exceeding-
ly low at $03 per month; 26x110.
S<3, 650— Rents 5«ou per annum; 2 new flats;
Mission warm belt, d-tt rooms and bati:
>.->Lch; mortgage $U25O can remain; lot
i 24 :(»xl-'o.
$G.0Oo — Nice bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; Scott St.; a -bargain.
$5,50u — Rents $516 per annum; splendid house
snd 2 flats on Folsom St.; flne lot, i"5-
foot frontage.
$4,750— Rents $5.« per annum; near 5th and
Folsom; 4 desirable flats of 3 rooms
each; bank mortgage $2250; will pay
14 ',» per cent on equity of $250(1. -
$2,S00 — Rents ?4M per annum; unusual bar-
gain of a choice flata; good location in
Mission; 4-5-4 rooms and lot, 25x122:0.
$2,600 — Make offer; Mission warm belt; de-
sirable bay-window cottage of 6 rooms
and bath. |
$2,230— I9th-st. coxy cottage of 4 rooms; !
street bltumlnlsed; lot 2SxS0; a bargain.
(2, 100— Rents ?2v* per annum; close to 8th !
and Howard els. ; 2 flats of 4 and 3 !
rooms each; a snap. i
For further particulars of the above and |
for the "Real Estate Record." containing a list
of properties for sale in all parts of the city, j
Inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
speck" ~&~c6~.
209 Montgomery St.,
20» Montgomery St..
209 Montgomery St.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. Leasing.
R»cts collected. Insurance.
$45.000— Vicinity Bush and Kearny: stores
and three floors above; brick building; lot
fronts 35 feet, rents $2€5.
$35,000 — Howard »t., near Third: 60x160 feet;
80O0 nquare feet; key lot and 2 frontages; this
lot on Third st. would be worth $100,000.
$25.000— Corner; new building; rents $224; lot
36:CxlC0 feet.
$21.000— Larkln-st. business corner; lot 35
feet frontage; rents $1SCO annually.
$20.000— Po!k-et. business property: 2 stores
¦ nd lodging-house: lot 30x05 feet; rents $145;
$10,000 bank mortgage can rernein.
$1S.WO— Post et.; lot 62:6x124 feet: 2 front-
ages; very 6ood Improvements; rents $140.
f 18,000— Bargain; Ellis St., near Larktn; 3
hou*e5: lot 27:tixl20 feet; X frontages; $9000
bank mortgage can remain.
$11.000 — Corner Seventh St.; 55 feet frontage;
fine building site.
$8500— 2 stores and 4 flats; corner north of
Market St.; 43:6 feet frontage; yearly rents
$9C6; paying ll'-i per cent.
$5000— Mission business corner; 3 stores;
rents $4So yearly; lot 43xS0 feet.
RESIDENCES.
$15.000 — Callfornia-st. residence; 12 rooms
ard bath; lot 35x137:6 feet; choice block.
$9000 — Elegant home; » rooms and bath;
tr.ortg»ge $0000 can remain; lot 30x117:0 feet;
2 f rente ges.
jlSOO — j-room cottage; lot 27:6x100 feet;
Mi.«rlcn warm belt.
CHOICE LOTS.
J15.000 — HW, corner: 50:6x137 :<? feet; unsur-
passed marine view; must be sold this week.
rsoOO — Broadway, north side and bent resi-
dence block; unobstructed view; lot 27x137:6
feet.
SPECK & CO..
209 Montgomery St.. opposite Mills building.
VON IUIKIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
UNION-ST. FLATS.
$7000 — 25x137:6; Union St., near Polk; three
, bay-window flats of 6, ti and 7 rooms; rent
! $«*.
LEAVENWORTH-ST HOME.
$6000 — 22:11x80 to rear street; Leavenworth
St., near California; Improvements consist of
house ot 0 rooms and bath,
FREDERICK-FT. BUIL!)I?."5 .JYX.
$1850 — 25xl(K»; south line of Frederick, near
Wllliard; adalted for home. J
VAN NESS-AVE. CORNER.
C?xl25; a corner In the most d»slrable por-
tion of Van Nes<s ave. : in one or two lots.
STEINER-ST. FLATS.
$0000 — 27:«xlOO; Ptciner, near Union: 3 mod-
ern flats, rentlns for $SU per month.
FOLFOM-ST. EUSINESS PROPERTY.
$10.000 — 5(txS0; Folsom st., .near 5th; Im-
provements consist of 2 stores and 4 flats, rent-
ing fur $112 per month.
JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
; Sll.txxj — 40x137:0; Jonen n.. near Greenwich;
4 modern flats, renting for $S7 50.
' WERSTER-BT. HOME.
?6O00 — Webster, near Jackaon: substantially
j constructed houre of 7 rooms and bath.
PROMINENT MISSION CORNER.
$15,000 — 55x90; NE. cor. 24th and Shotweli:
I Improvements conslft ef store, flats and house;
renting for $112 per month.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
$13.000— 2."ixl«O to Shipley St., between 5th
and flth; Improvements, stores and flats, rent-
ing for f«9 50 per month.
NINTH-8T. BUSINESS LOCATION.
$9000—75x109; Ninth, near Herrlson.
~ HAWKS & SKELTON] "
i Rents Collected and Entire Choree Taken of
Property.
I $13,500 — Fine lioune; Leavenworth. near Clay;
8 rooms and bath; laundry in basement ;
building In flret-claes condition; view of
Gulden Gate from rear.
: $12,600—8 new flats, n»ar Haight and Ash.
bury; modern every way; 6, 7, 7 rooms; '
mortgage of $1X100 can remain, 0 per ct.
$7.350 — Marine view lot; Hyde et., near
Chestnut: 3G:SxllO; very fine view a «-
rured; n^w bulldlnr each side of It; on
Hyde-st. car line.
$10,000— NW. cor. Larkin and Francisco; 137x
; 137; has commanding view of the bay
and when Francisco »t. Is graded will be
worth double this price.
$7.000— Octavla st.. n-ar nroadway: good
house of 7 rooms and bath; flne view of
bay from front and rear: bare lot Is
worth the price; 25x137; make, offer.
$5.750— NW. cor. Douglafs and 2Sth sts : a
rood Investment; 23 lots for only $250
each. it
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
JAMES G.- JONES. 26 Montgomery st.,
. , Opposite Lick" House.
$21.000— Nine brand-new corner flats- strictly
modern: well In; rent over $2C0O- will
net over 12 per cent on necessary r««h
ONE PER CENT-3 elegant \°ry^ .node™ B-'
room flats, ncarlng completion, on NE.
cor. 24th and Fair Oaks; see them b£
fere buying elsewhere.
$4,500 — Make offer; Stelner, bet. Oak «nd
Fell: strikingly beautiful lot 30x100"
near Alamo square; grand view '
$1,200— North line Ifith. 240 steps from Mar-
ket *t.: lot 30X1.-.4; near* on grafle;
grand view, with very little rise; beau-
tiful site for private home
$I.7S0— Buslne-s corner In nichmond district;
lot 32:6x100,
Different city list In other morning papers.
JAMES O. JONE8. 26 Montgomery' st.
K-5O— SE. COR. 20th mve. and C~aC~^xlii'{t
R155O-- Fine level lot, 50x100; north line
Pcint Lobos ave., bet. 10th and 20th aves •
K-'W-NK. cor. JSth ave. and Pulton Ft.- 33-ftx
J«tf» ft.; rrncsite Golden CJate Park: $2TOT
Fine level lot. 50x100 ft.; routh line Point Lo-
bos nve., 32:6 west of Oth bvj.; $2500 Splen-
did NW. cor. 21st ave. and Clement St.; COx
100 ft.; ready for building; $1500 — SK. cor 2M
*¦"•. ard Clement St.: 44xino. WM. E. COL-
CY. room 315. third floor. Mills building.
$5 PER MONTH—' -¦
Investigate the city of Richmond, where the
Standard Oil Company. Santa Fe R R Co
Booth*™ 'Pacific R. *. Cc. and numerous
manufacturing plants are at work: lots sure
to lncr.pji*e " In value; all level: maps free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
. Crocker Building, Ban , Francisco.
J MONEY at 6 per cent for the -full cost of
bulKinKn nr.d r>art lot. Manhattan Savings
Bank. 107-8-0-11 Crocker building.
BARGAINS UY OWNER."!"" ' ¦- . • - .. .,
Several choice lots In Richmond district B^x
aan. Call.
$30C0— NEW modrrn ccttajre. 3 rooms and
bath. nr. It'th and Dolores sts. ; Mission
warm belt; easy terms. 331G Mission st.
REAL KgTHTK—ClTY— FOB HAl'S.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO., _
21S-22U MUNTGOMERY ST.
$0,500 — Grove st.. near • Central ave. ; resi-
dence, 0 rooms and bath; lot '45x137:8
tt.; a bansaln.
Ji.000 — Broadway, near Devisadero; fine slt«
: for residence; lot 38:0 It. lront;, grand
marine view; a bargain.
$i,o00 — liroadway, near Killmore; flne lot. ;
30x137:8 feet; unobstructed marine
view; prico reduced lrom $85W.
£30,000— O'Faxrell »t_, near Jones; Investment j
of 3 frame dwellings; rents $120; let
45:10x08:0 ft.; a great bargain.
$0,000— Devisadero St., near Haight: resi-
dence; a rooms and'bujh; lot 25x125 ft.
$8,000 — Howard-st. flats; 2 bi"<cks trom new
Postutflce; rents $04 50 iur month.
J7.250— Baker St.. near Jackson; 2 elegant
I . flats; rents $57 50 per month; Jot :2Jx
I 100 ft.
$7,300 — Unton-st. corner, near Devlsaderc; el-
I e;ant marine view; lot 62:UxllO ft.;
i must be sold.
$7,2^0— Ellis Et., near Buchanan; 2 fine bay-
window flats. 0-7 rooms and bath; rents
$07 50: lot 28:0 ft. front. |
$11,000 — Jucksuii-.«t. residence of 11 rooms and
bath: modern in every way; lot 25x
127 :SK ft.
$21,250 — Jackson-st. corner: Presidio Heights:
elegant modern residence of 11 rooms, J
baths; flrt-t floor, library, double parlors, <
dining-room, beamed celling, paneled
oak, hardwood floors, etc.; 4 bedroom'!
and 2 bedrooms in attic; lot 37:6x |
127 :8U ft.; grand marine view. ,
$3,250 each — Filbert St., near Scott; magnifi-
cent marine view; lots 27:6xl37:G feet {
each, and corner 55x137 :C feet.
$17,000 — Second-st. corner, near Harrison: 70x '
05 feet: fine site for factory or wave- |
house purposes.
Get a copy ot our printed list of properties j
for sale. :
> . j
AUCTION
AUCTION-
AUCTION
AUCTION
OF
BUSINESS PROPERTIES
BUSINESS* PROPERTIES
j . BUSINESS PROPERTIES :
BUSINESS PROPERTIES
OF THE JOSE GUARDIOLA ESTATE.
AT SALESROOM OF
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE 4 CO.,
. THURSDAY, JUNE 9, AT 12 M., NOON. '•
»THURSDAY, JUNE 0, AT 12 M., NOON. '
THURSDAY, JUNE 9, AT 12 M., NOON.
THURSDAY, JUNE 0, AT 12 M.. NOON.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
! ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
i ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE. * I
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
LION & HOAG, lia Montgomery St.
Send for our printed* list of property for sale
In all sections of the city.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$30,0w— Large lot. over BOxlw; gocd, sub-
stantial Improvements; rented very low for
$li3; tplenaid district.
BARGAIN RICHMOND LOTS.
$350 to $*w; $50 cabh. balance monthly;
beautiful level lots ready for building; com-
mandlnz One view of Uold»n Gate Park
Uolaen Gate and Pacific Ocean; well sheltere.1
trom winds; growing neighborhood; Sutro cars
pans property; Point Lobos and 34th aves.
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
- f2000— Reduced to effect a quick sale, as
owner Is leaving town; a cozy home of 4
rooms and bath; large 8-foot basement: brick
foundation; flne jtarden; nice view; handy to
-.Uth-su. cars.
HOME NEAR TOWN.
$3000 — A good, substantial house of 6 rooms
and bath; in good condition; street paved; this
j U a cozy home on Broadway, inside of Hyde.
HANDSOME NEW HOMES.
$7750 to $8000— Duboce ave., bet. Scott and
Devisadero sts., within half a block of Duboce
Park; they contain large reception halls, 4 and
6 sunny bedrooms; finest sanitary plumbing;
first floors are beautifully finished In selected
•S woods; pretty entrances: hot air fUrnace;
1 grand visws; splendid neighborhood; terms
l $1MJOU cash, balance monthly installments; take
¦ Halrht-st. car to Scott St., walk 2 blocks
south to Duboce ave.: houses open for lnspec- '
tlon Sunday; 2 sold: starting more.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
?4000— Fine business corner In the Mission:
two 2-story buildings and lot 25x114 (vacant);
Improvements worth almost ttie amount asked
for the entire property.
BIGGEST BARGAIN IN CITY.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME.
$7500 — Maybe less; a flne new residence,
modern In every detail; contains 10 large
rooms, 4 expensive mantels; Interior hand-
somely finished In curly redwood, etc.: key lot.
affording light and sun: accepted street; If de-
sired terms of ?20u0 cash can be arranged;
this Is unquestionably" an exceptional oppor-
tunity to secure a very desirable residence
cheap: Frederick St., near Cole; openevl to-day
for inspection.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$15,500 — Beautiful brand new residence on
one of the best streets la Presidio Heights '<
section, containing 12 rooms and bath, bllllard-
room, social hall, conservatory, servant's
room, etc: splendid neighborhood; must be
sold.
$400 to ?800 each.
Great big lots.
None leas than 50x120.
Ea«y term)).
Near the station In Mill Valley. Why buy a
small lot In a poor neighborhood when you can j
secure a flne large lot same distance from your
work, surrounded by desirable neighbors,
splendid climate, flne water, schools, etc. Call
or write for Illustrated booklet, prices, etc.
LYON & HOAG;
11 rt Montgomery st.
CENTER & SPADER.
11 Montgomery St., Lick House block.
?11,WH) — Stelner St., nr. Fultcn; 2 new up-to- .
date flats, containing 0 and 7 rooms.
baths end finished basement; lot 25xins.
I $15,500— Snap; rents $115; 3 new flats, 6-7-7
i rooms; also 2-stury house, M rooms;
clove to Van Ness ave. and Fulton st. ,
lot 27x131.
TS5.000 — Folsom tt., SE. cor. 17th: large lot.
235x150; suitable site for manufactur-
> Ing; terms to suit.
' $25,000— Rents ?175: grand NW. cor. In Mls-
I slon: »lx new flats and cottage; choice
i . lot, 73x80; pnrt of. lot vacant.
I {20,500 — Choice corner on California st. : In-
| side Polk; substantial building; stores
j and dwellings: rents $1SOO; can be ln-
' creased; lot 35x70.
?12,0CO— Just completed; 3 flats containing 6
' rooms and bath In each; rents* $1344;
choice location en Frederick st., close
! to Masonic ave.
$18,000 — Rents ?15O; cholcn Investment on
Grove St., near Franklin; large lot; 50
feet frontoce: Investigate.
$15,000 — Mission St.: choice business location:
: 3-xtory Improvements; rents now $".';
| can be Increased: two frontages; lot
I 30x1 W.
j «o,75o — New bulldlnc; NE. cor. In Mission:
'¦ storo and flat; rents $720; lot 2Ax«J7. -'
I $4,100 — *35 rent: Filbert St., near Flllmore;
i flu is and cottage: larpe lot. !57xl2O;
I J2.S00 each: Guerrero St.. near 23d: cheapest
: -j and chnlefst lots In Mission; size 2.'.x
! 100: street work all done; go Eee.them
I to-dny: onlv two left.
CENTER * PPADJ3R,
' 11 Montgomery "St. ,•
B. GETZ, ' Roam 2i Chronicle" Bids.
| * OWNER AND DEALER.
NEW BLOCK on tha OCEAN BEACH.
i - STREETS GRADED.
! Lots Level, on the Grade to Build Upon.
Superb View pf the Ocean.
Easy Monthly Inttallments— Perfect Bargains.
$C0/ to $100 — Ocean Ileishts and boulevard lots.
$250 to $500— lbtn-ave. boulevard lots: graded
' $2.">!> to $!2fiO — Sunset and nkhmoml, lots: on
j block facing Foreckles Lake and new Park
! spetd track: easy payments.
$150 up — Excelsior Hom< stead lets: level on
grade;, city water; Mltsion-st. coj-s.
$75 to $100— Ocean View level lots:, streets
graded; city water; name your own payments.
$10C0 to $5000— Modern houses and cottages In
all districts on very easy installments. . ¦
Call at My Office. Ronm 22. Second Floor.
.¦" » Chronicle Building.
LOT on Union. St.. "near Webster, and 50x100
• on Alabama, near Norwich; bargains. P. O.
box 2412, San Francisco.
FOR sale — Cottage, 7 rooms: In good condition;
/ cheap. 223 Third ave.* Richmond. ¦
I FINE cor.. 73xS0. nr. Market st.: 6 blocks
j west City Hall. ;Room 217 Parrott building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 830 Howard St.
MESLO PA BK REAL'e STATe!
AT Menlo Park — For sale on easy terms, a \
.' 10-room . house with all modern Improve- |
ments; two - blocks from station. > Address
the owner at P. O. box D, Menlo Park, Cal. '
I HIML KSTATK Cnnarrr For *•*+•_
r WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES. ,
$12,500— Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 200O acres; 4 miles from courthouse.
Mendocmo County; 210 acres tillable; 2 com- ,
plete sets of farm buildings: well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oak timber; ;
there are sereral patches suitable for alfalfa.
j $S(K)O— Only 3*s miles of Geyservllle. the Gem
of Sonoma County; Vi mile good school: rural
mall delivery; 60 acres; SO acres rich bottom
land: 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
I bearing; 5 acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
1 fenced; 5- room house 2 good barns, nice
spring; have other bargains tn this superb sec-
tion.
$25G0 — 15 acrrs level lan-1, 7 miles of San
Jose; all In vineyard; house.
$2.000 — 40-acre dairy and poultry ranch. 1
mile cf town; hill land; 2 houses; barn; corral;
poultry houses; 2 Incubators; 2 brooders; farm-
ing tu.ils; fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens; flne market. ' !
$800 — 1 acres in Fruitvale; lease 4 years: $17
per month: nice 3- room cottage; 25 poultry j
houses; yards fenced C-ft. wire netting; brood-
ers; Incubators; 500 chickens; mostly bearing I
orchard . ,
$.¦;-(;'>— In city limits of Petaluma: 2tt acres; I
neat cottage; barn: 5 poultry houses; 2 brood- I
ers; 1 incubator; 2 wagons; harness; horse; |
Jersey cow; 450 chickens: all in bearing fruit;
see photos of select Petaluma homes at this
office.
$3000 — 3 miles of Santa Rosa: 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; 500 cords of wood; house;
barn; running witter; 10 head of cattle; 23 head
of hogs; other bargains In this superb section.
$000— Only 1 mile of town; SO acres: house, |
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land; i
placer and quartz gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
Sidoit— Near M:rced City, on main road; 40
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives, 10
acres alfalfa. 0V3 acres bearing orchard; 2
wells; all under ditch; flne cottage; 3 rooms:
ftctl windmill and tank; good barn: toolhouse;
Kranary ; poultry houses: Incubator houses; nice
income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
rmall tracts at $C5 per acre; one-third of crop
with place.
Adjuinins the town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and cnlmproved under ditch;
(129 to $105 per acre.
$50 per acre; 10 acr^s up; under ditch; 4'4
r.illes from Lodl, on main county road: also
land on the Eianlslaus ditch as low as $43 an ;
acre. * s j
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
I have several parties v.lth good Income prop-
erty to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-housss; many cash buyers; n*t your
property.
$2500 — CO acres: 3 mile!" from Santa Crui; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
sons ?tcep; *mall orchard and vineyard, bear-
i Ins: good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $r>00 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
( 3."0i:o— IJe*t ranch In Southern Oregon: 320
, acres: 2 *ets good improvements; well fenced;
orc-hanJ; 5 horses; farming tools; otslde ranze.
$4. r .C0 — 30 acres clore to Morgan Hill. Santa
¦ Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
: finished cottage of 5 rooms: outbuildings; flne
inrome; would trade for Income city property.
i $11CO— Only 6 miles from courthouse; SO
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuilding*;
part cash; n -ar Red Bluff.
$17.000 — Finest ranch In San Joaquln County.
between Stockton and Lodl; water near aur-
fajr«; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
45v acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras River,
on main read; mortgage $9000; would trade for
first-class property near city
I $4500 — Near Newcastle; 21 acres; oranges,
: cherries, peaches, lemons, plums and apples;
' small but nice house; only $1500 down; have
bargains In tTits vicinity from $1000 up.
$2250 — 10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; half rash.
$jL700 — In Sonoma City: 3'j acres: all level;
gocM bouse, barn, windmill, tankbouse; 13 poul-
try house and yards: some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 500 chickens; feedhouse.
$3500 — 13G acres east cf San Jose; 123 acres
In hay; good soil.
t>rd stamp for printed list.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Succexsors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montnomery St., Room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
• STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
I .
i California. Nevada, Arizona. Mexico stock
ranches for their value for grazing — vast tracts
. suitable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
I uable not alone for grazing, but for timber, ag-
riculture, oil, minerals or town sites. We have
many tracts where frost never occurs. We
have many valuable pasture lands wh*re jrraia
cattle are fat In April, when be:f commands
th« highest price.
We have business Property that will pay 0
per cent net on cost for five or ten years* l»rse.
I We have residences up to date. In the land of
; the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit. and flowers.
We have many beautiful orchard homes in
the famed Santa Clara Valley, near the Garden
City of California. Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches.
We can offer a Mexican crant that will scp-
port 10,000 head of cattle for only $50,000.
CHARLES W. COE & CO..
Real Estate, Cattle and Loans,
7S-79 Auzerals bldg.. San Jose, Cat.
SOLANO COUNTY REAL ESTATE FOR SALB
$7400 — Fine lt>G-acre fruit and grain farm,
well Improved: only a few mile* from Vaea
Valley fruit belt; 5^ miles from Dixon.
$12.800 — Good grain ranch; fin* lmprove-
rr.fnt»: S miles from Elmira: 320 acres.
$1P,000 — lfiO acres choice alfalfa or fruit land;
flu. n-w Improvements, which alone cost $4000; ,
5 miles from Dixon.
J $1CO rx-r acre; 27 acres choice alfalfa land
(Irrigated)., 2Vj miles from Dixon; must be sold
at ence.
$l!»,ooo— 475 acres choice grain land. Im-
proved: near Dixon.
| $.-.nsi> — id i acres good grain land: 3 miles
from Dixon.
' $io.wwv— lfiO aer»* cood grata land; elegant
I Improvements; 4 miles from Dixon.
I $10,5':Q — UTO acres good land; flne improve-
ments cost alorc $7^.00; near Dixon.
js50P — 1UO acres tine farming; land. Improved;
crop and rtook go with place: a bargain^
i Terms easy on all. Address B. F. NEWBY,
i Re«I Estate Agent. Dixon. Cal.
i C227 ACRES. Merced River, Merced Cbunty.
Cal.. apprHlsrd by court at $71.00O. assessed
by County Assessor at $40,000. offered for
I £30,000; 1 to 4 years' time. 6 per cent; 800
'acres level grain, fruit and alfalfa land: 4327
acres rolling, grazing andgraln land) Mer-
ced River passes through land; 900 acres can
be Irrigated, water free: no royalties: Im-
provements good; school one mile, church
and town thre? miles: on direct road to Yo-
| xcmtte: most he Hold to close estate: a bar-
: pain: the profits from these lands made the
' former owner rich; flne rains, everything;
! green and growing now. See maps and pho-
I trt nt Punnett I?n>s.'. Pan Francisco. Address
; J. W. KNOX. Attorney-at-Law. Merced, Cal.
I BARGAIN— 1 i0 acres in Alameda County for
$325O; jieve i irllfs from a large town: level
county rfal to the land; splendid ranch for
: mock. hcKs and poultry; never failure of
! crops: produces finest hay In the market:
i 1T.0 acres cultlvatable; no brush or waste
I land; remarkable supply of spring water:
comf jrtablrt houfe. n!s* tarn and poultry
houses; school 1H miles: this Is a bargain
that recommends Itself: photos and partlc-
: ulars at this office. H. H. CRANE, 508
i California st.
! AWAY rrom these cold winds: a lovely heme
j In ctntrnl Alameda County: ll«i acres, with
! a modern residence of 0 rooms, some fruits
; and vines: but short walk from R. R". de-
' pot- beautiful surroundings; grand scenery:
| large natural trees, with running brook
thrii'Eh the place; for very good reasons
this property must be sold immediately:
price S li"' o. which is ahout half Its real
value; don't mi** this rare bargain: see
photos at this office. H. H. CRANE. 503
j Callfcrnla st.
j ¦ i
FOR sale — aat n Mr»;a!n. a rsnch of 27H acres,
all level tillable land, well Improved, In-
cluding stock, tool* and poultry. For par-
ticulars address JOHN SIGRIST. owner,
' <nl!st-:-:.i. Napa County Cal. .
$2K.<>. on half $1CCC— Fer sale. 123 acres on
the Lianas, with the crop estimated at 10
tons crap" 1 . 1<* r "'12 tons hay; ft acres corn.
2 scrr* v-'Fctahlr* and alfalfa; 2 houses and
outbulMlmrs: 2 bones, cow: road wagon;
Ideal ln<-ub.Ttrr: 2 brooders; lots of wood,
water *nd fi»riirnr. For nartlcilars address
W. SHELVOCK. Llagas, Santa Clara Co.. Cal
GREAT bargain— Rich. Irrigated farms; blc
car.al: frer water right: very cheap; easy
terms: liomeaeeker's opportunity. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. «» Market st.
STOCK ranches: 1CC0 to 50. COO acres at $7 per
acre: plenty of water and feed. Fruit land
In Contrn »V>«ta Co.. 10 'acres up. $50 per
arre. HEDEMARK & JACK CO., 11 Mont-
.. Kom.ry. . .
CHICKEN ranches; 3 miles from Berkeley, be-
tween Santa Fe and 3. P. R. R. ; one acre
up; &*(*> on installments. McSWEJJ
BROS., 113 Mcntzoirery st.
I ALFALFA lands, stock . ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 843
Market tt. . •
SOUTHERN Oregon irrigated lands, dairy
farms, crock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mines. S. C. TRAYNER, 5O4 Kearny.
SEND for catalosue -California's Choicest
Acres." WILLIAM P. WRIGHT, Mountain
View, Santa Clara County, Cal.
385 ACRES, near Livermore: must sell and
' want an offer. - Box 769, Call office.THE" SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL, ; SUNDAY, MAY 29,. 1904.
39
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKUM) RI'M ESTATE.
LAYMAXCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
CORRESPOXDENCE SOLICITED.
$12,500— SPECIAL BARGAIN: flne 12-room
house, furnace; lot 07x150; barn; Lake-
side district, 3 blocks to banking center:
new bank mortgage of $SO0O; extra
choice offering.
$8,500— Magnificent residence. Shakespearian
Architecture ; 8 rooms; commanding
view; terraced lot. 60x125; choicest
home and location en Oakland Heights.
$5,250— Elegant Moss-are, home. S rooms and
bath; leased 5 years, $42 5O net; select
residence investment. j
$4.650— Select Telegraph home, 8 rooms and
bath; close In; $3000 mortgage can re- j
main.
$4,250— RE-AD THIS: Fine modern home, 8
rooms and bath: 3 mantels: rent $37 50;
near Rth and Oak sts.; $250 DOWN,
BALANCE $35 MONTH.
$4.000— Modern 2-story house, 10 rooms and
bath- COxlCO; convenient to locals and
Broadway: house cost 5C0CO; bargain.
$4,250— Fine residence, 9 rooms and bath: lot
50x150; choice location; house cost $4000;
climate unsurpassed; owner anxious to
sell.
$3550— ACREAGE SNAP; nearly 4 acres; San
Leandro road; modern buUdlng. store
and 5-room flat above: insured $2500;
flat mortgage $21CO; this side Of Elm-
$3750— Splendid modern 2-story. 7 rooms and
bath; laundry, basemeat; 44x140:
choice locatioa: built by owner for a
home; near 34th st.
$3,600— Modern houee; » rooms and bath; good
rental; convenient to both locals, htsa
school and city center; Market st.. close
In.
$3,600—2 stores: 2 fiats; 2 cottages; near
prominent local station: rapidly ad-
vancing; rents steadily $38; 40x100.
$3.430 — Fine house: modern; 11 rooms and
bath; lot 50x150: cost orer $8000: ele-
vated; nice location.
$3,000— Choice modern house; 7 rooms and
. bath and alcove: rents $27 50; Al con-
dltton; near ISth and West sts.; a fine
buy.
$3,000 — New modern house; 7 rooms and bath;
43x140; corner; flne location; very easy
terms. " "
$2.630 — Modern cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
50x140; near 30th and Grove.
$3,000— Modern cottage; 6 rooms and. bath;
46x113; street work complete; near Tele-
graph ave. and Key Route.
$2.550 — Pretty cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
35x140; nice location; driveway; 35th st.
$2,850 — Modern cottare; 6 rooms and bath; 5
minutes' walk to City Hall.
$2.300 — Modern hou*e; 6 rooms and bath; 75x
200; street work complete.; flne eleva- ]
tion; near Piedmont baths.
$1,400 — Offer wanted: 7-room house: modern
plumbing; above Serenth st., near rail-
road shops.
$l,C50— Modern cottare: 4 rooms, bath and
basement; near 40th and Grove sts.; Key
route; easy terms.
$1,650— Modern cottage: 4 rooms and bath;
basement; near locals: East Oakland:
$500 cash, balance to suit.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
430.462 Eighth St., Oakland.
E. J. STEWART.
100S BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
Jieoo — Small payment down and $20 per month
will buy a beautiful 5-room cottage, close
to Key route and electrio cars; see this
at once.
$2350— Fine cottage , of 5 rooms, bath, high
basement; modern; lot 35x140 feet; right
close to Key route.
$2600 — Beautiful home of 8 rooms 09 34th St.;
porcelain bath; all modern conveniences;
large Iot; right close to West St.: house
most conveniently arranged; finish is 1
beautiful; owner wants to sell at once and j
la making sacrifice to effect a quick sale.
$1750 — Two modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms each:
large basement; first-class condition; In-
come $55: this is a bargain.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. Inc.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
SANTA FE TRACT. SANTA FE TRCT.
AN IDEAL SPOT FOR HOMES; LARGE
LOTS; LOW PRICES: AN UNINTERRUPTED
VIEW OF THE GOLDEN GATE. BERKELEY
HILL8. MT. TAMALPAIS. ETC.; STREET
WORK. SIDEWALKS SEWERS. GAS AXD
ELECTRIC LIGHTING: PALM TREES,
FRUIT IN ALL VARIETIES: 200 LOTS AL-
READY SOLD: JUST 28 MINUTES TO S. F.
ON KEY ROUTE; TRAINS EVERY TWEN-
TY MINUTCS; REPRESENTATIVE ON
TRACT SUNDAY FROM 2 TO 5 P. M.'
HOLCOMB BREED & BANCROFT, Inc..
10C0 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. SAN' FRANCISCO
AGENCY.
S21 MARKET ST.. SAX FRANCISCO.
A FEW GOOD LOTS
• TO BUILD ON.
North side of 33th. east of Grove, 42x110,
for lerO; this Is cheap.
West side Telegraph. 45x100; will sell for
' $S0 per foot: close In; snap.
45th St.— SOxinO. for $500. •
Linda Vista terrace — Beautiful lot, 50x125; I
.worth $2500; for sale st $1700.
Vernon st. — Only a few good lots left at this
price; $30 per foot: see them.
47th, close to Key Route station — 50x150; '
; will sell "for $750; fine lot.
Blackstone Heights — That fine* corner of •
I Prospect and Summit; .53x125; will be sold ;
: for $60 per front foot: northeast corner; the !
northwest ctrrer soli for $9<K I
SEE MK BEFORE YOU BUT. ',
JAS. S. NAISMITH. !
534 THIRTEENTH STREET. I
S. M. DODGE &. SON.
11C0 Broadway, Oakland.
$20 00 per foot
Property Just put on market; large lots; aun-
' ny side of street; street work done; located on
' Thirty -second Market and West streets.
i Call or send for plat of locality showing dlf-
I ferent lots
B. XI. DODGE * SON.
1160 Broadway.
A PALATIAL HOMK SACRIFICED.
$13.500— Recent cost. $22,000; perfect New
England cr Eastern architectural designed !
home; modern and replete with every artistic
feature; 2-atory. 10 rooms, flne attic, flne '
! basement; grand rhrubberies; lot 110x200; su- |
I perb location, adjoining substantial neighbors 1
! and line homes; finest warm- belt climate In I
Oakland; 'juick. convenient car service to San ;
Francisco. >
Instructions — Sell
A model homi- — Let us shnw you— —
LAYMAXCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4C0-402 «TH ST..
OAKLAXD.
HOW IS THIS?
' $3100 will buy an S-room modern house with
lot 175x100. frolt trees and flowers: high,
healthy location In East Oakland; con-
venient to car lines.
CALL AXD SEE THIS AXD MAXY OTHER
BARGAINS WE HAVE TO OFFER.
HUC1I M. CAMEROX,
1C58 nroadway. Oakland.
$6750— A FIVE house In Lakeside district;
thoroughly mod:rn and ui> to date In
every particular: 0 rooms and bath; 5
blocks from Use buslmm center: 4 blocks
from the new pnstofflce; price reduced |
from $fict» to 5C7."0; must be sold.
$1300— Large new, modern l)-room hous? on
Telegraph are.: lot ts 45xlCO: this price
;•¦;¦-, has been reduced from $6000; is certainly
a great bargain.
C. K. MARSHALL. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$500— $10 monthly; cottage of 3 rooms; good
barn and stable; chicken. houses and fine
chicken-run; assorted family orchard In full
bearing; fine well of vf".u»r; full H acre rich
sandy lcam soil; near flne school and electric.
car line, church and town hall; a lovely sec-
tion away from fogs and winds, adjoining
East Oakland; price $1250; this Is a fine
ptck-vp. Call or *end for circular, 455 Sev-
enth, opp. Broadway Station, Oakland; car-
riage free. H- Z. JOXES. owner.
$1400 — PRETTY little 5-room cottage; hard
finished; flna well; garden: lot 50x150:
street curcplete; close to cars; very easy
terms.
$5000— Elegant business property; 2 stores ar.d t
li-roum flat, barn and stable; adjacent to j
Key Itout..- anj S. P. statlcn; now leaked; |
rent $«1» Per annum.
C. C. KMSLIE. Ashby station, tel. Stuart 703.
$3600— MODERN residence, 9 rooms; good for
renting rooms; only 3 blocks east of Broad-
way and n«ar all trains aad electric lines.
/ THE ALDEN CO., 1U3 Broadway.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
nEUKISLEY REAL ESTATE.
I A BARGAIN.
$2JtX>— $200 cash, balance $20 per month. In-
cluding Interest; 5 larjre rooms; . flne
mantel, stationary tubs, hiffh basement:
2 Mocks to both trains: sunny side of
" street: street work all dona; cement walks.
J2CC0— Nearly new 4-room cottage; all fur-
nished; ntw clano; lot 50x135; fruit trees
and beautiful flower carden, chlcken-
houfe. pigeon-house; i: i block to train;
owner East
$2500— Fine corner store with one 4-room flat
and one O.rocm flat: lot 64x100: 1. block
frop rtatlou; »na:>.
J3~C0— Xew a-rcom houee on corner lot. 50x100;
double parlors; large dlnlng-rocm; side-
bisnl; fine mantel; porcelain bath; open
plumbing; toilet up and down etalre; large
waehn>oni; fine nelshborhood; 3 blocks
to botii trains; electric cars, stores, etc.;
$.VX> cash, balance $25 per month.
$1500— This olace ia cheas at $10,000; flne
corner, 2S4xlC0: all business property.
Including bakeoven and bakehouse that
cost S700: store and stock which will
net S10O Dtr month: two-story building
consisting of stores, etc.; living rooms;
must be sold at one?; prerent owner, re-
tiring on account of old ace, being 82
yeaia old and in poor health; a fine
chance for wood and coal yard.
$2250 — New f.-room cctt«se; large lot; street
work all done: 3 blocks to both trains;
$?C0 cash, bal. $20 per month; place will
rent for this.
$22C0 — Good as in^-w; 6-room cottage; double
parlors; fine mantel; bath; high basement;
brick foundation; 3 blocks to train; 1013
Fifty-seventh st.. Golden Gate station.
$2400— 7-room cottage: on S»-foot et.; *4 block
to cars; fruit trees, all bearlne; good
well; let nOxHO: a man; street work all
dine. Including crrnent walks.
1 $SCOO— $5C0 cash, balance $30 per month; this
place «old for $4000; 8 beautiful rooms,
ranging from 1« to U ft. square; lot
eOxl.13; fine street; * fine fruit trees; 3
blocks to both trains; must be sold; see It.
$1CCO— $2U) cash, balance $20 per month: 0
lar#e rooms; Iot 45x100; fine well and mill;
fruit trees; only 3 blocks to both car
line*; f.ne neighborhood.
! W. C. MORAN, South Berkeley.
FOR sale — New and nearly new houses from
$1800 to $2O.W0; lots from $250 to $7000; we
can sell you a desirable lot 3 blocks frora
Dwight-way station, »lre 40x130, for f 7(H>;
will Luild you a house to suit on a payment
of f5iK) down, balance monthly; b«»foro buy-
: Ingr, give us a call and let us slow you tur
1 extensive list. F. H. LAWTON & CO., 2147
Center et.
i ?150O— FINE lot In the Hllleraas Tract; 60x
ICO; worth $2000.
FRANCIS FERRIER, Real Estate and In-
surance. 2121 Shattuck ave., opp. BERKE-
LEY station.
: M. P. W. ALBEH. REAL ESTATE— Large list
homes, residence lots snd business property;
also choice investment property, paying 8 to
10 per cent net; lowest prices and satisfac-
tion ruaranteed. 2139 Center ft.
I WANTED — To exchange 4 lots In block 1060,
: south of Golden Gate. S. F., for residence Iot
! in Berkeley. Address Exchange. U33 Slxty-
I third st.. Oakland. ,
HERICELKV IIOI'SES TO LETT
BERKELEY, 2141 Ward St.. short walk from
Ashby or Dwight way stations; furnished
cottage. 5 rooms, bath. etc.. for 3 months,
from June 1: $25 per month.
BEEKSLEY PUBNXSH£D~PI.ATsi
TO LET — Furnished (or furniture can be
bought at a bargain) cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; the latest Improvements: rent very
reasonable; flne neighborhood. For full par-
tlculara apply at 1320 Stockton st.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
mOITVAttSS HKAL ESTATE. •
HENRY BARKMEYER. 1206 Frultvale ave..
Frultvale. C*l.
$4C0 — Houre of 2 rooms; let 50x150; 3 blocks
frora car line; terms $100 cash, balance $5 per
month.
$850 — Cottag* of 3 rooms; high basement:
corner lot 55x122; fruit trees In bearing;
chicken-house; 3 blocks from Frultvale station.
$K00 — Good substantial house of 5 rooms and
bath; all plastered; city water; lot 40x132"^:
irult trees and flowers in bearing; terms $100
oa«h. balance $« 50 per month; near Elmhurst;
2 blocks from car line.
$1.350 — Modern bay-window cottage of 4
rooms and bath; sanitary plumbing, folding
doors, high batement; Iot 37:6x122 to an alley
ia rvar; 4 ti>« k- from local train; terms $100
cash, balance $15 per month; will make re-
duction for cash sale.
$1MK)— $.-«x» each, balance $18 per month;
almcft new cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
high basement: let 37:6x200x50, fronting on 2
streets; small barn; 2 blocks from Frultvale
station: a rare chance.
$1700 — Fine cottage of 5 rooms; bathroom.
cir,set*. etc. ; basement and attic all floored;
lot 49x1.15: within walking distance to local '
tn*In and block from Frultvale ave.
$2400— New and attractive cottage of 5
rooms and bath; reception hall; all strictly
modern; lot 52:6xl2r>; choice location; within
walking distance of local train.
$24CO — Xew cottage of 5 rooms; porcelain
bath; all the latest Improvements; fine mantel
arni china closet; gas and electric lights, com-
bination fixtures, etc.; on Frultvale ave.; lot
40x150.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$1500— Two-story building of 6 rooms and
bath urstairs. large Etore downstairs; good
well, windmill and tank: lot 33x125; street-
work all done; In Upper Frultvale; flne busi-
ness location; will make reduction for cash.
$15C0 — Two-story building of 5 rooms and
bath UDntalrF, store and one room downstairs:
on FruitMile ave.. U block from Fruitvale
Etatlcn: easy term* If desired; an opportunity
wcrth Investigating: for particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER, 1206 Frultvale ave., Frult-
vale, Cal.
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 296
Office Half Block From Frultvale Station "
$fc'j0— 4 large lots. 50x200; shingled cabin I2x
14; immense shade trees, berry vines and flow-
ers, nice garden; on the hills; beautiful view
$300 cash, balance $5 monthly.
$1000— $300 cash, balance $10 monthly; house
of 6 rooms; close to street cars and school- lot
50x110.
$1500— $400 cash; new cottage of 4 rooms and
bath, high basement; chicken-yard; nice flow.
ers; close to local train and school; lot 88x123
$1760 — Elegant 5-room bungalow cottage]
bath, high basament. stationary washtubs; close
to local train, school and cars; lot 3Sxl25
$21C0 — $5C0 cash; beautiful colonial cottage
of « rooms and bath; large closets: email sta-
ble: chicken-yard; nice garden; close to cars
and school; lot SSxl25.
$2200^— Cottage o f 5 room*, bath, pantry,
high basement: 3 chicken houres and yards;
flowers and vegetable garden - lot 75x200 front-
ing on 2 streets; $000 cash, balance like rent.
$15 monthly and own your home; a lovely
5-room, bath, pantry, high basement, brick
foundation cottage: handsomely decorated Intc- j
rlor; Fteel enameled bath; handsome palm
trees, full bearing fruit trees and flowers in
abundance; 3 blocks from the car line; graded
school close by, and lot 70x113; only $500 cash
required; price all told, $1750.
$2500 — Modern cottage. Queen Anne style, of
5 large rooms, beautiful art mantel; large sta-
ble, fruit trees, berries and flowers In abun-
dance; lot C0xl70; close to a flne school and
street cars; on the hills. i
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract; flne
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going up:
no colrl winds or wet fogs, and lots only $75
each ; $5 down balance $2 60 per month,
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
ELROD ft HULL.
No. SO — ?650; Chicken ranch: close to local
station and on car line: 800 chickens; 2 Incu-
bators; brooders and brooder-houses; chlcken-
houscs and runs; horse, harness and buggy;
good cow: all for $650; 8-room house, barn and
5 acres of land for rent for $10 per month. I
Xo. 2<5— $600; 300 chickens, 2 Incubators.^
chlcken-houscs snd brooders; all necessary '
tools nnd equipment for the business; buggy, j
spring wagon and horse; this Is on 2 acres of
land, with a 6-room cottage, which rents for
$12 00 per month.
Xo. 33— J1400: 2-room cottage;' good well of
water: berry bushes and flowers In profusion;
one block from graded school: chicken and
pigeon houses; 8 good sized lots In good loca-
tion and growing community; this Is a bar-
gain.
Xo. 8— ?2200: 6-room new cottage, bath
laundry; high basement; windmill and tank;
some fruit trees and berries; lot 70x120; only
requires $400 cash; balance can stand* at 8 per
cent Interest; don't miss seeing this place If
you are Interested In such a place.
Xo. 16 — X1800; 4-room cottage; high base-
ment; city water; abundance of berries »nd all
kinds of flowers; house partly furnished- here
is a good place: lot 73x150; will exchange or
sell on easy terms.
"No/ EC — $1400; C-room new cottage, bnth-
city water: 1 block from car line; lot COxl.Vi
We have acreage and vacant lots of all
grades.
ELROD A HULL.
1S10 Frultvale ave., IH blocks from local sta-
tion. Phone Brook IC51.
4 ' . -__-
8PECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
The terminus of 5-cent fare. Haywards cars-
streets graded and graveled; stone sidewalks' j
depct on tract; lots from $50 to $200; $20 casri !
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local i
train; best located property on San Leandro <
road: graded school on tract. Apply to S 8
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
SATHEn Tract, near Frultvale station, Sath-
er -station on the grounds; about 100 Jots
yet unsold: f25O or ub; terms to please L
. L. M.' SAULS BURY, agent for Sather heirs"
Frultvale ave. near 1'. o.; San Franclacu
office, B20 Montgomery st. . - . ¦ '
4, 5 and 6 room cottages, now building- con--
venlent to Frultvale station, . in father Tract;
will build to your own plan. L. L. M. SALS-
BURY, Fruitvale ave., near r. O.
OAKLAND ADVEBTISEMENT3
«th'U\D KKAI. KHTATB.
HOLCOMB. BREED St BANCROFT, tun.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
UNIMPROVED.
$20 per foot — On Broadway: 200 feet deep;
new line to Berkeley will pass the prop-
erty; also easy walking distance to new
cross- town route; snap.
$373 — 10x120; elevated lot; street work com*
plete; close to schools, cars, etc.
•L.t.
, $<>75 — Fine bulldlnr lot on 47th st.. near Saa
Pablo ave. and Key route. 25-mtnute ser-
I vice to Pan Francisco; rood surroundlars
: and very low orlce.
$100— Corner 32d and Union; 25x125; down-
town; Key route trains pass; would bet
fine for small business; street work com-
plete,
IMPROVED.
*S230-- SACRIFICE SALE. $3250.
Owner havlnr to leave this city has In-
structed us to sell the followine: 1 Brand
new cottaee of 5 large rooms, reception
ball, bathroom, with every up-to-date
feature, paneled dining-room, larre pan-
try, tlatlnr. etc.; lot 50x140; barn, drive-
way, outbuildinr. etc.: close to schools.
cars, etc.; ret keys and see this excep-
tional buy.
$2750— JUST BEIXO BUILT. $3750. 1
A Swiss bungalow, containing on first
floor, reception hall, parlor, dining-room,
library or den, kitchen, pantrtes, etc.;
upstairs, 3 bedrooms, bath with all the
modern fixtures, 2 toilets, ras and elec-
tric Urhtinr: the- tinting and mantels can
be made to suit the taste of purchaser:
this property is within easy wa!kin* dis-
tance of Fourteenth and Broadway.
B.XO.1
$4250 — In course of construction; colonial house
of 8 larre rooms: first floor, parlor, llvln»-
room. dlnlnr-room. kitchen, pastries. 2
closets and toilet; second floor. 4 b«-d-
1 rooms, elerant bath and toilet arraoire-
: ments; open plumbinr. gas and electric
lirhtlnr: large lot: sunny exposure: In
Oakland's finest residence section; clos*
to Broadway and Telerraph ave. See
plans at office.
B.NO.2
; $3200— XOW BEING BUILT. $32f*>.
The cutest Hj-story cottage that has
happened this year; reception hall, with
coty corner, parlor, dining-room, library,
with bookcases and seats, kitchen and
pantries, wash trays, toilet, etc.. 3 bed-
rooms and the latest bathroom with
equipments. See plans at the office.
HOLCOMB. BREED * BANCROFT, Inc.. »
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$6C0 WILL secure a choice of any one ef four
lots. 50x100 each: all are located within 3
minutes' walk of the 40th-«treet "Key" route.
Ferry R. R. system, monthly round-trip far 1 ?
only $3: must be sold at once. Address box
US* Call office. Oakland.
A SEVEN-ROOM house; rood location: lanr*
lot. with trees, flowers, chicken houses; all
street work done; onlv $225i>.
P. C. LASSEX. 466 Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
COZY home: 6 rooms: nearly new. 673 Syca-
more St., nctir Grove.
54000 — GOOD residfnee: 9«D Fifth ave.. Oak-
land: 2 blocks from station. See J. L.
KEXXEDY. 417 Parrott bulldtr.g. S. F.
OAKLAND FtR.MSIIED HOUSES.
FOR rent — Furnished: $37 50: lovely eottarc. 6
rooms; piano: large lot flowers, etc: clns*
in: 3 to 6 months. HARRY L. HOLCOMO.
314 San Pablo ave.. Oakland. Cal.
FURXISHED cottare. 7 rooms, larre yard,
barn; *4 hour from city. 08.1 'SAth st., via
Berkeley; $30 with piano and $26 without
[ FURXISHED rooms, with or without board:
centrally located. Apply 615 Eighteenth at..
Oakland.
OAKLASD FlRMTtllK KUR 9AL.EL
TO-MORROW the day for~berwUsiT7n~furnN
tare. H. Schellhaas.llth St.. cor. store. Oak! and.
ELMHIRST REAL ESTATE.
.
, ELMHURST. THE RESIDENCE SUBURB.
$RO— BuiMlne lots — $6«
$123 — Buil<31r« lots— ?125.
$175— Butldm* lots— $173.
$450— Business lets— $450.
$600— House and lot— $»«*¦©.
j.S3f> — House *nd lot — $550.
$1000— House and lot— $1000.
We hav« many more nn our books.
ELMHURST REALTY CO.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'ITTS
M1H VALLEY REAL KSTATB.
TAKE a. delightful trip to-day— Oo to Mill
Valley; see the lots right at the station we
are selllnr so fast.
PRICES $350 TO $950 EACH.
Terms 10 per cent cash; balance $10 monthly.
All the lots are large; none less than 50x120:
irarvi home sites amid pleasant surroundings;
beautiful views of mountains and bay; the cli-
mate unequaled: splendid opportunity for aa
investment; land values bound to Increase, as
Mill Valley la rapidly cominff to the front;
the new electric rca<l has shortened the time
to 40 minutes frcm the city; Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; f.ne supply of
pure mountain water, rood sewerare and
drainage, electric lights, stores, churches and
schools, and. In fact, all conveniences; lots
beautifully wooded: send for our new illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley- Agent*
en rround Sunday. We hare an office opea
Sundays and holidays. LYOX A HOAO,
11« Montgomery st.
San Francisco Advertisemts.
SEWING MACHINE* ASTD ICPPUSS.
YOU want to rent a sewinr machine? Why
not rtt the best at $2 per month from. The
j White Sewlnsr Machine Co.. 30O Post et. AH
etyles In either vibrator or rotary shuttle
styles: prompt service. Telephone Black 1106.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tie office. 1021 Market at., near Sixth. .- ¦- «
NEW HOMK — S«* our new triple-feed m»-
' lines: slightly used: S10. $13. S20; second-
hand. $3. $5 $3: ill styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewinr Machine Co. 1081 Market it.
SPECIALISTS. ~~
j -¦- ¦
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES la EARS
positively cured: new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr.' Cottlnrham. 204 Sutt"- st.
TVI'EUKITERS AM) Sl'PPl.lE.1.
' AN exceptionally rood No, 2 Rerolnrton, Nox 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
hlrher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Excaanre, 536 California st.
A FEW rood typewriters at $30 each: ret par- ¦
ticu!ars.cf L. & M. ALEXANDER. 11» Mont-
romery »t-
2D-HAND typewriters sold, ranted, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
8AN FRANCISCO aad Suburban Home Build-
Ing Society. Oth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
bulldinr. 7C8 Market St.. opposite Third —
Fcr the half yea~ »r<r.n< 31st of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at UM
rate per annum of U2> twelve per eent oa
capital stock and participator eertUicmtes.
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIQ. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 9. 5 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Psciflc Bank at 405 Mont-
romery st.. room 8. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
LEGAL. AWVUHTIMI-UEATl.
NOTICE— Ufnce of Insurance Commissioner.
Saa Francisco. Cal.. May 11. 13O4— Having
ascertained that the capital stock of the
Union Surety and Guaranty Company has
become Impaired, and that said company has
become insolvent within the true intent and
meaninz of the insurance laws of the State
of California. I have this day revoked it*
certificate of authority, previously granted,
as provided in section 6GO cf the Political
Cede, snd notice is hereby given that said
eempany is no longer authorised to transact
the business of Insurance within this State.
E. MTRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
RALPH B. STOCKER. Notary Public and con-
Teyanc*T. Broadway. Oakland.
Boanps rOK sai.il
7 PEP. CENT
We have a limited number of bonds, secured
by a first mortgage r>a the property of a
larse substantial m«nufacturinjr concern that
we cff«r In denomination* of tlO.fiDO or any
multlpU thereof. The total bond issue is
sbout o3 per rent of the value of the security.
Parties having funds to Invent In bonds bear-
ing Interest at the rat* of 7 p«-r eent per
annum and payable s*ml-annuatly should In-
vt»tlgat» this. Box 1S34. Xelma. Cal.
rorAdditloE.il Classified Adv«rUa«n*ata
See Fare 40.-
ALAM EDA A 1 > VE IITI S' M BXT5
ALAXEDABSAL ESTATE.
Ur.UV. la A CHANCE FOK EVERYBODY*
CHEAT BARGAINS.
TWO Xi"CK WATER FROXT COTTAGFS
('X TEXTUAL AVE.. XHAR STATION; BAB»
GAIN'S; J-AHGE LIST OF REALTY.
BUSIXEES LOT OX PARK! ST.. COxlCO: A
SACRIFICE.
TWO BARGAINS.
S-room cattare; lot 50x125; 513<X).
5-rocm ccttere; lot 25x150; $1300.
FOR SALE OX EASY TERMS.
£50 down, balance to suit.
22 IAJTS.
33:ixl25 TO
--f.^" 1 " «J"" «O-CALLi:r> FROMJI TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS Fr.OM BXXTH-ST. STATION.
J i . T ,\4 M t I V >L * TKS ROM SAN' FKANCXSC'J.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFKULOW
SCHOOL.
TOR EXCHANGE FOU SAX P-HAXCISTO
Hnf r- RF£25 — *• M<H>ERN 7-ROCM
11OL*E IX BEST LOCALITY.
APPLT TO A. R. DENKE
x400 WEBSTER ET. ALAMEDA.
cr
Call en the
Jf^AXD REAL ESTATE CO..
13U4 Railroad ave.. Bay station.
CHAS. ADAMS & CO.,
Two Great Bargains.
of T rooms: let 50x123; J2100; b!i
ir5" rl ,£i r 7i, h £ u ** cr 7 reom ". »P to date; let 4::
163^ xnti ham; $3000; a srap.
Cottage, 7 moms and bath; lot «$xlW>: barn
Criv*w».y : f ru ; t trw aM fl^fn. tXtok
Cottag*. 7 roora* ar.d bath; sot 7uxl5O: bar.) ,
ei\rws.y; fmit tnd Sow«r»
ncusa 3t S roods acd Vath: lot 50x150: c-»l
location oa Lafayette st., near narrow csjuj. ¦;
J415O; a barrain.
&*¦****. 5 rooau ajJd bath; lot 23x150: S1S0O.
A. snap — Cottage. 4 rocrr." end 5 fiaisrmi
rooms la butaiwn; lot 2Sxl25; $1>CO.
--etOTT bouse of « rooms ana cath; windmill
aad tank; lot 26x100; two.
Cottace. 5 rooms; lot 5Cxl4O; 3 er.ap; $12^0.
3 6-rooa cottars; good location; $2700 es^cli.
N-rooin bouse; lot 5Ox2i>3: J27O0: a snap.
Bus!a**s property bringing in $50 per inor.'h I
at SCSOO.
Cottase of 5 rostat; lot 45xlOS; 52S00.
Lots ia all parts of Alameda.
CHAS. ADAM3 & CO..
Bay Station. Alameia. ;
Open Sundays, 9 a. m. to 4 p. a.
HAMMOND & IIAMMOXD.
$1COO — Swell 4-rootn octJr.ce: lot 2T>xl50; tfcis j
i« a decided barxain.
*250O— Almost new, rcodern C-room colonial
eottage; lot 5OxICS; this is a rare bargain.
$1500 — Oa Clnton ave.: beautiful 9-roara. i
modern residence; lock this up.
*S50©-«-On XW. cor. of Lafayette and j a n
Joee aves.; artistic home oJ 12 rooms; this is'
btlnc sold to clotw up an estate and the p»ir- '
chaser is getting something decidedly cheap.
HEADQUARTERS FOR FURNISHED
HOUSES.
OFFICE OPEX TO-DAY AXD TO-MORROW.
HAMMOXX> A HAMUOXD.
Tht Leading and :?.!;..!•:« R«aJ Estate Agents.
X122 Park et.
E. D. JL'DD CO..
LEADING REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ALAMEDA. CiVL.
FOB SALE.
Chicken ranch. 3 acres. 5-ro^m house. p»->u!- 1
try houses: within M mlr-Jte*' ride of Oak- ¦
land. Send for r^srticulars.
$l<*-<0 — Cfttafre of 5 room?: nicely local ed; J
ci! street work and cide*a!k*.
$135'» — Cottage of 5 ruona; large lot; cT.om '
la trfntion.
*:£.'•.! — IIous* of S ror-Tr.r. hich baj-pmmi. ; all I
rr;.uern: lot 5fxl50; flrst-clajs neirhb--»rh«iod. I
$7,.t.n — «ninton ave.: mesr.iDcent home; cne> '
or th« choicest in residences In Alameda.
?*r*cf 1 — Choict-st correr oa Central ave.; wirth
?:n.nrrv
Larp? lin«» r>f furr.:j:>e<5 bouse; f> rent.
T CLOSE ESTATE.
S-ctetT hnuiw; 1] rooms and hath: all m^d- 1
•»tn crrn-entent^?; !a flne ord*-r: north elde '
S: r'r <"'.--rn by*., near Orand: if sold at ance !
fion 3. £. HANI.nT. 1310 Park st.
i.-.fr*'_«;;<j(i «\.\c H h:i!ar.<v. $15 r<" month. -*i:i 1
»iv a fine rumem Ettas'. H. O. MEHR-
TKN'S. Pailroad eve. nrd WebM»r «.
$30»— LCTT TAxlTZ: terms: TTr.V): K-wi hru!>- j
1 f 7 rooms; 1"* .V^IEO. J. H. YOUNG. :24.1 I
Park *?.. A!r.tr«ed£.
K^R *sle or exchange; beautiful home Alain* da- :
.-h'Mco lor. Ad. O«»r, 1*14 McAllister, city. <
AiAszrA rtntznsEED house:;.
T< ' rrnt — Furnished flat of S roorcs ar.d ht^th. i
in Alameda. Address box 1196 Call ofl.ee, i
- . a j
A LAMBDA ROOMS.
ALAMEDA— 22-1<> £an Antcnio ave., for June j
and July; Kuany furnished room, raitf.ble I
for man snd wife «ni two children cr two |
pentlem^n: reasonable.
BERKELEY A DVEKT T S*1TXTS
GZEKELEY BSA£ ESTATE,
ARCH- ST. frrntsxe: street work done; uccb-
Ktructed view of the whole bay: two blacks
from street car line; 5 blocks from railroad
station: $27 50 j-er foot; only three tots
remaining. '
Acreage fer sale: a£jr>inlns the university
rn the east; $350 rer acre.
Factory sites for sale rn West Berkeley;
railroad and bay frontages; will also lease for
term of years.
A SNAP.
University ave.. near San Pablo ave; btisl-
r.ees property for eale. $1750; now rented fcr
$17 50 t*r month; $20 per month in ebort
time; secured lease.
Lets for eale— -Berry- Ban jrs Tract. Wheeler
Tract. Crystal Spring's Tract. University
Heights; Daley Scenic Park; we have some
houses in the above trsxts for sale also.
For rent — Fvrrislitd; a few of toe large
fraternity house* at a nominal rent for sum-
mer months; also private residences.
tlOOO — Lot 45x100; Dwlrht way, east of
Khstrack.
$1250— Lot 50x125: Ward st.. east of ESiat-
turk.
$750— Lot 45x130; Howe tt.. rrtst cf Tele-
C»rh.
13500 — 6-rooza boos* (new); Parker St., «ast
ef Ellsworth.
J4150 — 7-r. hoose, east of Telegraph (new).
$3250 — 6-r. house, i blocks east of railroad
station. Xorti Berkeley.
$2000— 6-r. house; larre lot; aear College
way; Jer a tew days only.
CHENET & BERRT,
Postofflc* bulldin*-,
Berkeley, Cal.
BIO barraln; ft-roon house; bath; paxitry
folfi^j* tfoors; lars* hall; china cliiets-
csxtel; hot and cold water; wash tiays;
opea pisabinr: lot 48x140. all fenced and
cross-fenced; 2 blocks to station, seliocl,
church, stores and electrio cars: price $:aoo-
terras, $500 cash, b»lax,c» lees than rent
O. A. RUDOLPH. '"
Lorin Station, South Berkeley
Opea Stinlays.
SNAP; rood, comfortable home; look at this-
4-rooa cottar*: beautiful flower rardejii and
fruit trees; let 50x125. all fenced; chicken
hoose; price $1100; terms, ;Z50 cash, bal- 1
ance $14 monthly; this is a renuin* pick-up-
convenient to school, church, store* and*
electric csn.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorin Station, South Berfceli-y.
Opea Sundays.
BIGGEST barrs-In in Berkeley; almost sew
6-room cottare; up to date: t>ath; pairtry-
foldlr^ doors: bay windows; city witter; j
larye lot; nice rarden; fruit trees; chlpken I
noose; price $2400; terms, $500 cash, bal-
ance ca--i remain If desired.
O. A. KUDOLPH.
Loria Statlcn. South Berkelry.
Open Sundays.
A BARGAIN — Cottace of 4 rooms, with bath; I
furnished; rood m-ell or city water; fruit '
trees ia fu!l besrinr, Iorartxtrries, etc.: frood !
locatioa; near University California; onlv 1
$1250: hctae of 40 rooms; % block from U.
C; a terrain; $26,000.
Barraics in lets all ever town.
J. V. HALE,
1511 Ehattock ave., 2515 Phattuck live.,
North Berkeley. Dwlrht way.
Fboae aiascn 732. Phone Derby 1022.
S.1IUU LOTS WE ARE OFFERING AT $4.%0
ON ROSE FT. WILL PAY BETTER: IN- «
THEKST THAN MONTY IN BAXK. CKN-
TP.AL REAL ESTATE COMPANY'. 214»
CENTER ET.. BKr.KELEY. CAL.
GREAT banraln list of houses and lets, lusl-
r.fss property, etc.: Incrrartnc values; l-.jcnd
ww »-ou«e«. 6 «n4 S rooir*. to let. in,"U-
JVOCK & CO., Seuth Berkeley (Lcrin). <>;>;n
Eundzys.
MORAN ic SWAIX,
Rtcl Estate and Inr.-urance,
2131 Shattuck ave.,
Opp. Berkeley flatten.
I BERKELEY ADVKR'PS'M'XT.S
1
\- UKHhKLEY ltE.VL KSTATK.
! KEALTr DONDS AXD FINANCE CO.. INC.
1 1172 Broadway, cor. Fourteenth st.,
Oakland, Cal.
HENRY A. BUTTERS, President
JOHN A. BRITTOX. Vice Prftldent.
AXSON S. BLAKE, Second Vlc«- President.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
-
• ' $3500.
;«o fin> new houses of seven rooms and-
i bath on the north side of a flne street, near
*¦ elaticn; the hous:» rcntr.In 9 rooms and bath
• and are models cf house building, being heavy
! In construction, with concrete foundations,
¦ b«*t lumbr and plumbing f.cd flne hard-
i ware; the lets ore 40x1-5 and ebove the grade
I of the street about :J CeeCj wa.!k», fences, etc.,
j oil cotntdete; ttrros will be xunde to suit the
1 purchaser.
I
REAL ESTATK.
INSURAXCE.
1. ...'.. VV BONOS AXD FINANCE CO.. IXC.
. ... i»r. a.!vi»y. corner Fourteenth el..
Oskland.
I — — — .
I ZZIZH
i A FEW SELECTIONS FROM MY NUMER-
OUS LIST OF PROPERTIES.
; $1200— Easy terms; Frttty cotta?e, 5 rooms:
patent toilet: city water; lot 50x100. (17'JO)
51700 — Hasy terms; well-built cottage. 5 larg-?
rooms, bath, etc.; high basement, floored;
2 chimneys; lot 37:0x125; one minute from
.~w~ A<lelln8 « tation . <1S53)
$—00— Xeariy new cottage, 5 rooms, bath. etc. ;
electric light; large lot, 78x160; street
work dor.e ; close to Lorin station. (1533)
, $2C5O— Cash # t5C0, balance Ilka rent; 2-story
j colonial house, 7 rooms, tath, etc.; high.
: floored basem«st; Main ave.; street work
I done. (1&4U
$2750— Easy terms: new modern cottage, hi«h
basement, bath, etc.; combination fitting*;
lot 50x135; street work and cement waika
done; flr.e location; near Telegraph ave.
(1S24)
$3CO0— Xoarly new 2-story house, 6 rooms,
bath, etc., on Sht:tuck ave. (1S4M
$^300 — Commodious 2-stcry house. 8 large
rooms, bath, etc.; 2 chimneys: combina-
tion littir.g*; redecorated throughout; XW.
corner on Grove it.; close to High School
a-cii Dwieht way station. (1853)
$~750 — Beautiful 2-*tory home, 7 flne rooms;
every modern requirement; ideal loca-
tion. Cl86u>
LCTS ALL SIZES, PRICES AXD LOCATION'S.
H. D. IRWIN.
LORIX STATION. SOCTH BERKELEY.
CARRIAGE IX ATTENDANCE
OPEX SUNDAYS.
BERKELEY BUSIXESS PROPERTY as an
investment is equal to anything on the
coast. There is money to be made by buy-
ing that class cf property— five local trains
every hour from Berkeley station to San
Francisco.
A Bt.-keley ts a village no more — It is the
Winter of California for many things.
BERKELEY IS TALIFORXIA.
fOME UOOD BUYS.
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick build-
Ing, a NW corner. 0 stores below and flats
above, raying well.
A fine comer on Shattuck are., very promi- ,
nently lo-ated; vacant; there's money In It.
A ftcne ar.d tirick warehouse, fitted with com-
partment*, elevator etc., in a business center;
leased for five years.
A business block on Telegraph ave.. 2 stores
and flats above with vacant comer adjoin-
ing for flats; a choice proposition.
JOS. J. MASON.
Cor. Center and Shattuck, Berkeley,
BERKELEY house* and lots are going like :
hot cakes; sti'l we offer some desirable prop-
erties at very reasonable ngures.
$675 — A nlc? south front lot; near U. C. and
__"Key."
WITS — Extra large lot in real desirable loca-
tion; near In Jo U. C. and "Key."
fl500 — Daisy 4-room cottage; neat as a pin-
two blocks of cars.
?2*<v>— 5 rooms; new; nice; near station.
*27.V»— Large corner; 4 lots; near trains: snap.
I2fX> — S rooms; nearly new; good lot; nice
home; owner leaving.
$3000 — 7 room*; modern; east of Dana; north
of Dwieht.
J4350 for 2 day*; 9 rooms; modern; east of
Fuiton; north of Dwight.
¦?4500^ — Handsome 8-room house; model plan:
sunny; flr.e bay views; near station and
• cars.
$5000 — 9 rooms; modern: attractive house;
handsome grounds: near university; own-
er leaving: price cut.
$5250 — 8 rooms; handsome home; elegant loca-
tion.
$6500 — Elegant modern house; 11 rooms; choice
location; extra large lot.
LYMAN ALLEX. 2129 Center «.. Berkeley.
A GRAXD VIEW.
PEOPLE WHO HAVE TRAVELED THE
"WORLD AROUND DECLARE THAT THI>
PANORAMA THAT CONFRONTS YOU FROM
THE HEKKITLEY HILL SLOPES IS XO- ,
WHERE SURPASSED.
, OWN A HOMB AWAY FROM FOO.
WHERE THE AIR IS WARM AND PURTS
AXD THE VIEW A DAILY INSPIRATION.
BE?T EDUCTIOXAL FACILITIES IN THE
WORLD. XO PALOOXS.
*7f>o— Fine deep lot. east front, near station.
$S50— Full 60 ft. frontage*, east front near
station and schools, street work dene.
$CCO — Xlce deep lot. facing south, street work
done. 00 ft. wide.
$1050— Xcar T'kgrarh are., flne d«ep lot, best
for the money on the market.
$1750 — On high ground, very r.ear the tinhrer-
¦try. deep lot. full 50 ft. wide This 1* a snap.
Write us for map of Berkeley and informa- i
tlcn about Berkeley.
PHOXE NORTH 92.
W. R. ET.LIS & CO
2150 SHATTUCK AVE.
AN OLD ADAGE RATS. "WHEP.E
THERE'S A WILL THERE'S A WAY." IF
YOU WISH TO SECURE A HOME IN BEAU-
TIFUL BERKELEY. LET US ARRAXGE II
¦p. ( ry YOI*
Eight-room house, close to Berkeley Station
and the University, eouth frontage lot 40x ¦
134:6; terms eaey.
$4000 1
Fine eight-room house, modern In every re- 1
rpect; large lot 100x135; stable; one block frcm
ear line. Get our terms.
$S500.
Magnificent elcht-rooro house, lot 68x150:
elegant view; very finest neighborhood ; almost j
new and will carry interest by Increased value
for the el«ht years; will accept part payment.
JUSTER & BAIRD. 2137 Bhattuck ave.
$2900 — A ERY pretty cottage of 6 rooms; lot
50x2. '<5; on the sucny side of street and near
the station.
$C500 — Do you want a first-class Investment
paying 8 per cent? '
I have for sale a warehouse built of ston«
and brick; fitted with compartments and ele-
vator; In an Improving neighborhood; leased
for 5 years: a rood Investment.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
EE. cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center st.
GOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL OX EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 ft. frontage on track; 2
blocks from Berkeley Btatlon $2300
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x135; mac: within >4 block $450
Half Mock adjoining It. R. property.... $2*X)
Buy where values are increasing.
Several hundred other lota a,nd a number of
cheap houses,
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1056 Unlv-rsity ave.,
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
BERKELEY real estate on the move. Now
is the time to buy. Get In on the ground
floor. Make your money work for you. You
can buy lots for $450. street work all done,
r.nd they range in price from that to $4000,
accordlrs to location, but you can make
money by buying any good lots which we
recommend.
Main entrance to U. C
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
BERKELEY,, CAL.
BERKELEY INVESTMENT.
Double your money! Non-rtsldent baa over
1*00 feet divided Into. 40-foot lots, Including
comers, between Santa Fe R. R.. Key Route
and E. P. R. R. depots; near school, etc •
$7 50 p?r foot ns a whole for Immediate sale.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB. 314 San Pablo ave.
$400 EACH. . . . . " ~*
A few mare fine lotF, WhtlOO; east of Tele-
graph live. ; close to Z car llnee. •
ttS-0 each— Lots 41x133; street work all done;
between Ehattuck and Telegraph aves.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY,
2110 Ehattuck ave., Berkeley.
OAKLAND 1 ADVEBTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A. J. SNYDER,
RKAL, ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER.
467 NINTH 8TREET.
OAKLAND, CAL.
$1750 ti750 • -$1750
Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; not new, but
In rood order: situated on 37th St.. within 2
bloeks of the Key Route ferry depot: lot 60s
100; this property Is bound to have a future,
as «t •* close in to Emeryville, and will one
day b» a business property. I can sell this on
very easy terms — $300 down and the balance |
same as rent.
$1300 . $1300 — $1300
Chestnut St.. near 32nd; cottage of 4 rooms
and bath; lot 50x132; thle must be sold at once.
OFFER WANTED. - OFFER WANTED.
OFFER WANTED. OFFER WANTED.
House of 8 rooms and bath: lot 40x100; nice
shrubbery; house is not new, but in rood or-
der; Darty very anxious to sell; expects to
move away and does not wish to rent the
premises.
$1300 — $1300 : — $1300
Opal St.. bet. 88th and 40tb its.: lot 50x
110; cottage of 4 rooms and bath and barn.
$3000 $3000/- $3000
Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; new; lot 27x
100; can be purchased on terms; 81st it., near
Grove *t.
$3800 $3800 $3800
North side of 30th st., n—x Grove St.; new
house: 8 rooms and bath; new and modern; lot
37%xl40.
$eooo $eooo $0000
TELEGRAPH-AVB. HOME.
Lot 50x125: uninterrupted view;" house faces
Telegraph ave., opposite 81st St.; 8 rooms and
bath; excavated basement; well bricked up;
modern heating appliances; this Is an archi-
tectural beauty; the above price Includes the
street work that Is now being done on Tele-
grave ave.
$eooo $cooo ¦ '¦ — $6000
Home of S rooms and bath and attle, fin-
ished In oak. curly redwood, Flemish oak and
hardwood pine; paneled ceilings; lot. 60x100;
this place when completed will b* one of
the prettiest "homes In Oakland: no expense
has been scared In making It an Ideal home;
It can b* purchased on terms or for cash.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
Lots from $450 upward; convenient to the
Key Route Ferry; Snyder and Montgomery's
subdivision of Temescal Park Tract; $50 to $100
down; $10 and upward a month.
Lets for $1140 upward In A. J. Enyder's re-
subdlvlslon of the Rowland Tract.
HERE IS A SNAP.
Lot 30x100. on Sycamore St., between Grove
and Telegraph; price $S00; this lot is worth
$1600; owner wishes to sell Immediately; your
terms will be mine. t
$5000 $5000 $5000
Beautiful northwest corner, 60x100, In the
Lakeside District; right near the proposed
Tourist Hotel.
A. J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
4C7 NINTH ST., OAKLAND, CAL.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
Real Estate Agent and Dealer.
Member of the Oakland Real Estate
¦ Association.
$2470 — A rare chance; new, modern colonial
house, 6 rooms; porcelain- bath, tiled
sink, hardwood (cherry) mantel, double
parlors, gas and electricity,' 3 bedrooms,
closets, plate-glass door, finely frescoed;
close to Grove st. and 6 minutes' walk to
train; electric cars one block each way;-
must bo seen to be appreciated.
$3200— Elegant northwest corner, 6 blocks
from City Hall; flne location for 4 flats;
50 feet front.
$2650 — 10' rooms, bath; modern plumbing;
walking distance to Broadway and both
trains; cement basement; back and front
staircase, double parlors, elegant mantel,
ras, flne condition.
$1500 — Modern cottage, 4 rooms; S blocks from
7th st.; terms If desired.
$2000— 2-story, 7-room house and bath; three
lots: windmill and tank; stable; garden;
near Key route.
$3350 — Look this up; elegant house. 6 large
rooms; porcelain bath, gas. large closets;
* In fine location, close to Telegraph ave., :
on 35th st.. No. 617; lot 60x120; fruit
trees and open lawn.
$750 — Do you want a flne building lot, walk-
Ing distance from town? Athens ave., or
24th St., near San Pablo ave., for $750 up;
street work all done.
$2500 each — 2 new houses: elegant location:
adjoin each other: 6 rooms, electricity and
gas; on terms; $500 down, $25 per month.
$7500 — W feet front; Telegraph-a\-e. property: i
only' corner left In this vicinity; 3 elegant
residences to be erected on opposite cor-
. ners.
$3000— $500 down, $25 per month, including
1 new carpets; new house, 6 rooms: por-
celain bath, tiled sink, paneled dining-
room, gas and electricity; close to Grove.
$S00O— Elegant house. 9 rooms, thoroughly
modern; 1 block from Lake Merrltt, on
Alice St.; hall, staircase and dining-room
in solid oak; furnace; concrete basement;
surrounded by beautiful homes.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
Rial Estate Agent and Dealer,
Member of the Oakland Real Estate Association,
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
DO you want to buy some property Ju?t oft
Telegraph ave., near Mora Park, at $9 50 per
foot? I have It. Or In Glen Echo Tract at
$7. $16. $13 and S30 per foot; In Linda Vista, I
Adams Point, at from $30 to ?W>. or In the best |
residence portion of the city, at from $50 to
$100.
Do you wish to Invest In some modern flats
fronting a plaza and within 2 or 3 minutes'
walk of both the broad and narrow gauge,
which will pay \1V, per cent on the Invest-
ment? I can sell you the game for $4000.
Do you want to buy a home for S1500 to
$2300, if you must economize; or for $3500 to
$3060. If you can afford It; or for $10,000 to
$20,0<>O if you are "on velvet?" I can furnish
you any of these at less than cost.
; If yod wish to Invest In business property,
either vacant or improved, which will Increase
i In value, or Is now yielding good returns, I can
show you where to flnd It. or else an experi-
ence of 27 years In the' real estate business In
Oakland counts for naught.
Do you wish to borrow money at a moderate
rate of Interest? I have a large amount to
loan. If you can furnish satisfactory recurtty.
Have you money to Invest In securities pay- !
ing much larger returns than bank deposits. >
and equally Vecure? I have such to dl.«po«c of.
Do you wish to secure* tenants for your i
houses, either furnished or otherwise? I may
be of service to you.
In short, do you need the services of an agent
In buying 01* selling, borrowing or loaning,
renting or securing houses for rental? My ser-
vices are at your command.
W. E. BARNARD.
476 Tenth st.. Oakland.
' f '
MANUFACTURERS AND EVERYBODY,
SEE THIS FINE BUILDING SACRIFICED, j
I have for sa'.c a large building at Elmhurst. ;
Cal.. a suburb of Oakland, built for a hotel.' |
I but too large for the place, and I have a late
order to sell It for the best price I can get.
The building Is 50x100 feet and contains 4i-
large rooms; a gas plant In good order In a
bulldlnr in the rear, and gas and water rix- |
tures all over the house. The lot is on the
principal street with street railroad In front,
and Is 115x130:7 feet on Jones ave.: a cement
sidewalk IS fe*t wide on two sides. It is
well adapted fcr any kind of manufacturing,
with electric power plant near by: or a hun-
dred other purposes to be suggested.. The
I owner is a very old man and IV closlnc up his
I affairs and jays SELL for WHAT IT WILL
1 BRING. See the. building nnd make ine an offer.
IRA C. JENKS.
12C9 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
\ .$950— An elegant elevated «!te for • home;
see that choice lot. 40x115. In beautiful Cs>l!ege
Heights. Thirty- fourth and Webster its.
$4100 — Pretty 8-room home in Linda Vina;
all new and lot 37x118.
$3250— Nice 7-room cottage and lot. 41x125,
on Filbert et.. near Twelfth.
$3100 — 11 per cent Income Investment and
good speculation: flne flats with 60- foot lot:
splendidly located; near San Pablo ave.: In
rapidly advancing district; rent $27 and can be
increased; might consider good lot in part pay-
| $2500 each— Only 2 more left of those Jones
estate cottages on Jones st., bet. Telegraph
ave and Grove st; right In heart of city; «
rooms and bath; lots 30x100. and the best bar
gains ever offered. BELDEN. real estate, U12
Broadway, Oakland. « .
ONE or both of those beautiful cottages on
northwest corner of 5th ave. and E. 8th st.
at a bargain, on desirable terms. Let us
give you particulars.
$2710— Beautiful 7-room cottage, near 16th and
Linden; large lot. This place Is offered at a
rreat sacrifice. . -
$3000— 12-room modern bouse; beautiful yard-
barn, carriage house: lot 40x140; near 27th I
, st. and ¦ Telegraph • ave. -•....,
F. F. PORTER. 408 8th «.. Oakland.
REMOVAL REMOVAL
THE ALDEN COMPANY. REAL ESTATE
¦HAS REMOVED FROM 1118- BROADWAY
. TO 1233 BROADWAY.
' REMOVAL— REMOVAL.
Geo. H. Vose, Real Estate Broker and
house renter, has : removed from Ills Broad-
1 way to 072 Broadway, corner 10th at.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
FHLITVALE REAU ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITXER. Fruitvale SUtion, Cal.
I0O0 — Good and neat 3-roots cottage; closets,
etc.: 2 blocks from S. P. local station:
most handy location to and from S. F. ;
very easy terms.
$02S — Cozy cottage of 4 rooms; In a fine loca-
tion; only 2 blocks from Frultvale ave."
car line; flne t'arden. fruit trees, choice
flowers; lot 5OxlOt5; email sum down, bal-
ance same as rent.
$14C0— Fine cottage of 4 rooms, bath, base-
ment all floored: bara, fruit trees, etc.:
half block from Frultvale ave. This Is a
snap; equity can be' bought for $30O, bal-
ance remain en loan of $1100 now on the
(lace.
$1550 — New, modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath,
hall; magnificent view; good neighbor-
hood; lot 50x144; with cherry trees and
other fruit trees, berries and new fencing;
2 blocks from car line; offered at a sac-
rifice for quick sale; terms If desired.
$1CSO — Colonial cottage of 4 rooms; Interior all
newly tinted; large attic for 2 rooms; lot
£0x100; 2 blocks from Frultvale local sta-
tion: ¥100 cash down, balance on easy
monthly payments.
?1B75 — Good substantial and newly painted cot-,
tage of 5. rooms, bath, hall, mantel, etc.:
barn, chicken house; lot 50x120; one block
from electric car lino and High St.; can
be bcujht on very reasonable terms.
$1G5O — New modern cottage of 4 large rooms,
ha!I bath and high basement; lot 33x104;
street work complete; cement walks, etc.;
fronting on ear line and In choice neigh-
borhood; $100 cash down, balance on easy
payments.
! $1SCO — Kxtra good house of 4 rooms, hall,
j bath and 2 finished rooms In basement;
! aUo new carpets In double parlors, gas,
I etc.- en a flne street; 4 blocks from Frult-
: va!e station; lot 37:6x135; with fruit trees.
I ¦ > choice p'.ants. berries; a grand place for
! ' the money: you must see It.
' ?1S5O — Modern house of 6 rooms and bath, hall,
j mantel; all In ccod condition; lot 37x113;
: fruit trees nnd f.ne garden; one block from
Twenty-third ave. car line,
$1873— Very neat cottage of 4 larce rooms,
hall bath, attic, all-floored basement, etc.;
lot 50x276; one block north of East Four-
teenth st.. and walking distance to S. P.
local station. •
$2100 — Xew. modern cottage of 4 extra lar?e
rooms, high Uas«ment, all floored; lot 75x
200 to rear street; location handy to cars
and echcol and desirable for raisins; chick-
ens, etc.
$2500— Xew and magnificent cottage of 8 large
rooms, reception hall, bath, r%a and elec-
tric combination fixtures, folding doors,
brick mantel: located on Eleventh ave.,
best rart at East Oakland; lot 50x125;
can be bought on terms.
52350 Fine 2-story house of 6 roorcs. bath,
hall: all modern; good well, windmill and
tank, fruit trees, etc. ; lot 50x100; 2 blocks
from Frultvale local station.
$2C0O— Choice East Oakland residence of 7
rooms: frenooed and up-to-date.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fniitvale Station, Cal.
W E. RUDELL. REAL ESTATE. (
Cor Frultvale ave. and Washington et.. '
FRUITVALB. CAL
Office hours — 8 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays In-
cluded.
A HOME LIKE THIS AT FRUTTVALE FOR
$2100 — Beautiful modern cottage, 0 nice rooms,
gas and electric lights; corner lot, near
; carllr.e and school; consider this.
$2500 — Here Ip a corner lot large enough to
raise a thousand chickens, with house 8
rooms and bath: high basement;, fruit
trees and vegetables; well 67 feet deep:
large stable. Terms $500 cash, balance
like rent.
$800 — A home for small family; 3 larfce rooms;
city water, nice lot. barn, etc.; 2 blocks
from Frultvale station; small payment
down, balance about $8 per month.
$2100 — New cottage. _ 6 rooms; lot 45x117; 1
block from station, on Fruitvale ave.:
terms $250 cash, balance Dank loan, 8 per
*ont.
$lfi00 — Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; near sta-
tion: $300 cash, balance $18 per month.
$1300 — 1 acre of flne soil on Seminary ave.
$2250^ — New modern cottage. 5 rooms; porcelain
bath, mantel, gas and electric lights; lot
60x123; errand view; % block from car
line; terms.
SOME BARGAINS OX FRUITVALE AVE.
$3700 — Xew modern house on Frultvale ave.;
let 40x150.
' $1750^ — Cottage, S rooms; corner lot, 81x207; a
grand house.
$5500— Cottage of 10 rooms; lot 145x238; five
minutes' walk from station.
$S5QP — House of 10 rooms; 27th ave.; lot 50x
1 1 _•
FOR REXT.
House of 5 rooms, $15 per month.
W. E. RUDELL,
Cor. Frultvale ave. and Washington et..
Office open Sundays. . . . * Fruitvale, Cal.
5-ROOM cottage; 2 blocks from local station;
2 blocks from P. O., Frultvale. station:
large let; cement walk*: street work all
done; up-to-date In every respect: *22<V>;
only $30i» cash, balance like rent. L. L. M.
BALSBUHY, Frultvale ave., near P. O.;
phone Vale 20S.
4^4 ACRES, near Frultvale. convenient to
cars; half In fruit: new house: mill, tank
and tank house; stable, etc.; a beautiful
home: *53OO; terms. L. L. M. SALSBURY,
Frultvalg ave.. near P. O.
OAKLAND ADVTWNTs!
OFFICE. HIS BROADWAY.
OAKI.A.XD REAL ESTATE,
TATLOR BROS. & CO..
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agents,
Phone Cedar .",51. 1230 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
RESIDENCE LOT— A, SNAP.
$650— Lot 40xl."?0 ft. ;' unobstructed view of I
Lake Merrltt and foothills; at less than
one-half the price of adjoining lots.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$2250— One of the finest corners in Peralta
Heights: 175 ft. frontage; surrounded by j
beautiful homes; location high and sight-
ly; overlooking Lake Mfrritt; this Is a
bargain at $3C0O.
$3000 — 112-ft. corner on West st., east front;
• - this district is being rapidly taken up
- and ia «ure to increase in value; mike
Offer " INCOME PROPERTY.
$0000— Elegant NW. corner on West st.. close
In: two cottages on lot. with Income $47 50
per month; owner leaving city and must
/'SNAP IX BUSINESS PROPERTY.
; $5000 Two cottages of 5 rooms each, 50 ft.
» rrontagc renting for $35 per month: be-
¦ tween Webster and Broadway, above 7th
I st • this is a decidedly good buy and
merits Investigation and will double In
value. .
WE HAVE SEVERAL NICE HOMES FOR
RKNT FURXISHED AND UNFURNISHED.
AND THE FINEST LOT OF FLATS TO BE
SEEN IN OAKLAND.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
1230 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
W. P. TODD, "W. P. TODD,
1070 BROADWAY. 1070 BROADWAY.
1 $000
Some very choice unimproved lots on Pled-
mont ave. .
$4co - \ - ¦'•/ ¦,:¦'
i Will buy a fine lot near Lorln station, Berke-
ley; this Is cheap; one block from school,
$1500.
Al lot on 6th ave.. East Oakland; very
choice; near cars nnd train.
$C0O will buy a fine lot on Chestnut and 32d
•ts. Will build a tottuire houxe. bungalow vr |
a home of any size oa these lots at the lowest
market price.
For a quick sale I have a fine cottage pf 6
rooms bath, laundry, hieh basement with room. I
lawn flowers and large, commodious barn: 15 !
minutes' walk to -Key Route. Let us show j
you this before buying elswhere; price $27C0. I
A beautiful home in East Oakland to be
sacrificed; large grounds; terraced lawn; flow-
ers; 2- story of 10'rooms; laundry; attic; ma-
' rlne view; everything to mace a home beauti-
ful; price $5200. See this before It ts gone. '
WM P. TODD. WM. P. TODD, S
1070 BROADWAY". 1070 BROADWAY.
j 1 - : '- r : ; V :
! ¦__
$5250— FIXE residence and grounds; 9 rooms,
etc.; Alice st.: best bargain east of Broad-
way. THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$1000— MODERN flats, rented $40 month; a
- .bargain: central location and never Idle.
THE ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
$200 CABH — Owner leaving, prefers sale to
responsible party on small payments trather
than rent) : new houee, 0 rooms, bath, pan-
try, etc.: can-.fclnatSnu sas and electric fix-'
, turw; evetytUn*.i up-to-date: lot 84x100;
elreet work all done; fine location: 3 minutes
' to Key Route station; liuyfrom owner and'
save commission, P. O. box 1C2, Oakland,
California. .
$4000— FINE modern house. wtth : stable; 4
Mocks from Key Route and Santa Fe depot;
0 rooms and bath; lot 50x150; well Improved;
north side; elevated; suitable for one or two
¦ families. Address Owner, 820 30th st.. Oak-
land. ;-• • '¦ - ' ¦" ' -.:.'fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY. MAY 20, 1904.
40
' BUSINESS CHA!VCES---Co-tInned.
A— STRANGERS, ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and ¦ profitable
business opening 'in San - Francisco ?- It -so
¦ we can ofter you any number, requiring an
investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our of-
flce must stand the closest investigation, and
we can place you in a store, factory, hotel,"
mill, office, or, In fact, any. business you
may prefer.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A— BANK and COMMERCIAL REFERENCES.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. U27 Market St.
A — TEA AND\ COFFEE STORE.
$3500 will buy this store; well stocked with
tea, coffee and goods in that line; good loca-
tion; doing good business; established for
year*; full Investigation Invited.
UERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market Bt
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
A— PICKLING WORKS
For sale: factory completely equipped for the
* manufacture of pickles, mustard, sauerkraut,
olives, salad oils and table condiments;
product sold In all parts of the United
States; price $7500, Including stock on hand.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market et.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market «l
A— $100 REWARD
Will b<Tpald for legal proof showing that
any person* ever lost a dollar who invested
any money in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
' Capital stock. $50,000.
027 Market st.. rooms 321, 322, 823. 824.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS,
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market et.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE. ""
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy: large din-
ing room- and 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— WE refer to 1000 successful cllente.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market ¦*.
A— A NEW THEATER. ! _
A gentleman with $5000 cash, capable of
acting as cashier, can secure half Interest In
one of the best small theaters on the Pacific
Coast; will pay him $500 monthly; particu-
lars only at personal Interview at offlce of
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market at.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
S1000 cash and services secure interest and
offlce of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
.A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000
can secure partnership In established busi-
ness in this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For sale; a high-claas business; long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire; will Invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$300 cash and services secure Interest In es-
tablished offlce business paying $15 weekly;
experience not -necessary: simple accounts. .
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest Investment and most
profitable enterprise In the city. We repre-
sent two of the largest Incorporated com-
panies In S. F.. and have openings for chauf-
feurs, machinists and offlce men who can
Invest a small amount of cash with their
services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st. ¦
' A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 In a
high-class real estate offlce and fill position
•of cashier; experience not necessary: invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
FOR sale — First-class hardware etore, doing a
highly profitable business: best location; cap-
ital required about $5000. Apply to P.
WILBERT, Haywards. Cal.
$3000 — SHOE store; best In town: fine- loca-
tion; excellent trade; receipts $1000 per mo.:
expense $100 per mo.: health bad; must sell.
. Address box 1134, Call Offlce, Oakland.
FOR sale — A *ood business In Tonopah: well
established and paying a fine profit; amount
of cash required about $1500. Full particu-
lars box. 180. .Call office.
FOR sale— Old " established route of. leading
San Francisco daily newspaper; exclusive
territory. Call -alter 6 p. m. or address H.
. - L. N., S46 Thlrtyiflfth Bt..^Oakland.
PARTN-ER In payins restaurant and 20 fur-
. nished rooms; ajl occupied: lady or gentle-
man who can cook; $400 required. 507
Sixth s(.
FINE-saloon: prominent traffic street; 6 years'
lease; low rent; living rooms; fixtures, stock,
worth price asked; account sickness. 31S
Kearny st. • •
; ANYONE assisting me to obtain- nteady em-
i ployment as clerk It will pay $25: • steady
: . and reliable; good references. Box 635. Call.
GENERAL merchandise store In country for
sale; complete stock of everything. Address
for particulars, box 169, Call offlce.
$200 INVESTED with part sen-Ices In re-
sponsible corporation, will bring quick re- .
turns. Lock box 1021. Peorla. 111. !
' WANTED — A delicatessen store with eetab- ;
lished trade; state amount of trade and price
asked. Box 092, Call offlce.
HAVE 400,000 tons rich gold tailings to
work; want party to Join us; small capital;
big returns. Address box 6S3, Call offlce.
$350 — RELIABLE man can secure Interest in
estab., profitable business; must be trust-
worthy and willing to work. R. 106,1170 Mkt.
RESTAURANT and 20 rooms; nicely fur-
nished: all occupied; to be sold cheap; low
rent. 667 Sixth st.
DRUG store; BUburbs: rent $16: lease 414
years; price $1000. MORSE & PERRY,»632
Market et., room 5.
DELICATESSEN, and grocery for sale: every-
thing new; good family trade. Address box
759, Call offlce. ¦
A— $2f>0; PARTNER wanted In light business.
Particulars at 25 Geary St., room 5.
STOCK and fixtures of notion store. 1428
Pacific, near Larkln st.
SALOON for sale. Apply 1221 Market street.
FINE dressmaking parlors for sale, complete.
116 Stockton at. ¦ '
WANTED— To buy a coal and feed yard; well
established. Box 104, Call offlce.
WANTED — To buy a small brewing plant or
utensils, kettles, etc. Address box 610. Call.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant ' for cash.
Box 711. Call office.
A BALOON for sale, doing a Rood business;
cheap. Call at 643 Washington st.
WANTED — To buy a good hotel ; state locality
and full particulars. Box 738. Call offlce.
BOOK etore and news stand for sale in West-
ern Addition. Box 670, .Call offlce. ¦ ,
CIGAR store for sale; owner sick; cheap. 2701
Mission st., corner Twenty-fourth.
SALOON with lease: fine location; good paying
and old established place. Box 083. Call.
RESTAURANT worth $500; receipts $28 dally;
half or whole; easy terms. :Box 084. Call.
STOCK or bond issue of reputable corporation,
mining or , industrial, wanted for selling on
commission: give particulars. P. O. box
1463. New York City.
WANTED— To hear from Jobbers or large deal-
ers wanting line of Independent cheroots,
¦ cigars, or plug tobacco; prlcea ithe lowest.
Dixie Tobacco Co.. Bedford City. Ta.
FOR sale— Cigar stand;, nice stock, register;
before June 1 ; no agent : price $300. Apply
1103 Dupont St.. corner Pacific. ¦ •
OLD established bakery for sale, or will ex-
• change for. country property; good place for
2 men. Box 025, Call offlce.
$350 — PARTNERSHIP established business;
good chance for steady man. ¦ Pacific Busi-
ness Association. 1148 Market at.
FOR sale— Store fixtures, with or without
rtock; fine living rooms. 10S Turk st; phone
Howard 3456.
100 LOTS free; . applicants sending stamp will
• receive deed of lot »Ue 25x100 feet; suburb\
NY. Twentieth Century Realty Co., 0
Wall it.. New York.- ' . ¦ •
WE start -you. In. mail order buslne**; particu-
lars •* and samples free. American Special
: Agency, ; Milwaukee, Wls.
A SNAP— 6-chalr barber shop; cost $1500; going
East; payments; $750. Ski rm, . 0 Eddy. st. ,.
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca-
, tlon and > reasonable rent. 715 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Leaving State; old notions store;
candy; near schools; sacrifice. '; Box 400, ; Call,
$450 — SALOON for sale: piano; refrigerator; 3
¦ living, rooms; must sell. .513 Howard st.".-:
$550— >AYING branch bakery and store; living
' rc_nj3. Apply 202 Noe st. , — ''"-<__;_'
BCHmSM CHA~CT!*— Con«»i»-
FURNITURB store; a, snap for right Darty;
new and second-hand goods bandied: north
Market;; $700. DUNN _ CO., 1312 Market.
FINE opening for young man with *2O0. See
I DUNN _ CO.. 1312 -Market st^
DERMATOLOGIST, electrolysis parlors, with
furniture equipment and $200 stock at a bar-
gain; now paying handsomely: reason sick-
ness. See DUNN. 1312 Market st. ,
LAUNDRY route, horse and wagon. Box 612,
Call offlce.
FOR sale — At 230 Van Ness ave.. bicycle re-
palr shop and store fixtures at a bargain.
SALOON license for sale cheap. Call Tuesday,
1007H Market at., room, 1.
OYSTER and chop house for sale; no reason-
able offer refused. 603% Post St.
FINE newspaper tout* for sal*. Inquire at
this offlce. V /
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100$ Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB 8ALSL
A. CAMERON _ CO.. >pnone South 1Q50
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years* lease; fln«
downtown location; 2 entrance* ; everything In
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per tnonth; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition In city; price $3200.
63 rooms; best downtown transient house in
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
tha city.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $B00
per month; to be aold at a bargain on account
of departure. {.
17 rooms; rent only $70: fine little apart-
ment house; sickness; must sell; snap; $600.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first -class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; chean rent; 10 years' lease; close in:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent tier annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; sew and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flno proposition;
good lease,
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming nouse; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties: part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness Interests demand Immediate departure.
8 rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30; can '
be had by paying $100 down, balanco time;
$450.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $S5; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment -
house; elegantly furnished and equipped:
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per
month; close. in; full nice people; bargain If
taken at- once; dissolution of partnership.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $35O. .
128 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
19 rooms: rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
28 rooms: elegantly- fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance ttme; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; flrst-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand.
A. CAMERON _ CO., 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN,
40ft Hearst bide, over Examiner entrance,
cor. Third and Market sts.; phone Black 3607;
rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
40 ROOMS. 81 blocks N. of Market St.; rent
$70; 3-year ¦ lease; Income per month $300;
owner sick in hospital: price $1500; furnished
1% years; easy terms. MARION GRIFFIN.
24 ROOMS, 1 block of Market: 1 floor; brick
house; rent $80; clears $S0; price reduced to
$1100; % cash; sickness. MARION GRIF-
FIN.
CO- ROOM hotel; corner house; extra low rent;
house full; pays well; owner has lost his
voice and will have to change climate; price
reduced to J5000. MARION GRIFFIN.
3G ROOMS: new and modern; north of Mar-
ket; all extra large, outside rooms; 19 bay
windows; fine, new furnishings; electric
lights; clears $179 monthly for last 9 months;
lease; price $3500. ' MARION GRIFFIN.
t
14 ROOMS. 5 blocks N. of Market; clean as a
pin; well furnished; sunny side; respectable;
$1000; % cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
18 ROOMS: a swell house; splendidly fur-
nished; nicely situated, near Ellis and Van
Ness; rent $75; thoroughly respectable; In-
come ?180 monthly; owing to peculiar cir-
cumstances, almost any offer will be accept-
ed by MARION GRIFFIN.
8 ROOMS; furnished 2 months; cost $410;
rent $25; 7 rented for $55: will sell for $250;
V, cash. " MARION GRIFFIN.
85 ROOMS; $3800; reduced from $5000: all men
roomers: rent only $225: well laid out house;
2 floors. MARION GRIFFIN.
I
103 ROOMS: owlna to ill-health we are ex-
clusively authorized to sell one of the best
furnished houses In this city; it'a dependa-
ble, high class, afcove a whisper of reproach
and clears f450 monthly. MARION GRIF-
FIN.
16" ROOMS. N. of Market: $600; make offer;
rent $32; a snap. MARION GRIFFIN.
48 ROOMS; beautifully furnished: 5-year lease;
electrlo elevator and electric lights; fine cor-
ner: make offer; clears $222 per month: It'a
truly A fine house. MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS: sunny corner: rent $125.... $4500
100 rooms; clears $350; low rent $H300
80 rooms; furniture nearly new ....$3800
40 rooms; fine location,' north of Market. $1000
4« rooms; In Oakland;, new; rent $60. ...$2500
li rooms; half cash; cheap rent $60O
Money • to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. v^
$4000 — DO you want to buy the sunniest and
best arranged 45- room apartment house In the
city? Well furnished and a money maker;
choice location on 2 car lines. For particu-
lars addfeas box 970, Call office.
A-i-$275— LITTLE MINI— 5275. '
Eleven rooms, nicely furnished; clears $40
month; must sell; at sacrifice. KREDO &
CO., 765 Market st.
FOR sale— Lodging-house, SO rooms, all 'rented:
reason for sale, sickness; Investigate. '255
Sixth »t
THIRTY-FIVE-ROOM Market-street house;
busy corner; Al transient; I will sell at low
figure or exchange.' Box 34S0. Call oUca.
MINNA. 614. near 'Sixth— 10 rooms, house-
keeping; cheap rent; price $200. •.
ROOM1NG-HOUSR, 15 rooms, all- furnished;
rent $57 00. 421 Hyde st.
SUTTER, 2020— Seven rooms, upper flat; . 2
. rooms rented pays half of rent. ;••-: •• *
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
in pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COILEOTIO- OTTXepS.^^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or couutry. Pacific Collection Co.," 415
• ¦ Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. Main C5S0.
cxoTHtyQ bki ovatikq.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, '$1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Drumm li. Call for aad d/llver free.
ATTORXEYg-AT^LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
See me and save money; no Day In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Fftabllshed 22 yrs. : rms. 1. 2, 3. 4 A 5,1st fl..
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at.Law. Exam, bid?.,
fith floor; entrance room (ill; rsteblished 20
years; all cases, general court and offlce prac-
tice; no fee in advance or. for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3G01.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 15
yrs. practice: refs. from many thousands of
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance: all * law business; office
open Saturday evenings. S19 Market st.. r. 31.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity: advice
free; costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 2109. S.F.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market St.; consultation
fr*e: no fees In advance; open evenings.
ItOAKDIMi FOR CmLDKEN._
LADY wants one or two children to board;
pleasant country home; all kinds of fruit on
the place; references given If required. Ad-
dress box 2CS. Haywards. Cal.
A LADY having her own country home would
take one or two children to caro for. -Address
7 G-. Rural No. 1. San Leandro.
COUPLE would like Jo take child to board;
\ good care; reasonable. 1911 Mission st.
\
GOOD home with good care for small child In
private family. 735 Lacuna st.
WANTED — Child to board; mother's; care; j
reasonable. 30 Harriet st. ;
I1USIMS93 CHAXCBS. '
A— $1500; SALOON In wholesale district; vi-
cinity of Sansome st.; place established 20
years; doing a good business; rent $50. See
R. G. WILKE. 'MVs Keearny at.
A — $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of . HI health of owner. See R. Q.
WILKE, '$>Vt Kearny st. ; •
A— $450; BARBER shop; 3 chairs; best location
In the Mission; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE.
£CH Kearny kX.
A $3000 HOTEL in San Rafael; 21 rooms, bar
parlor and 'dining room; a well established
place; good furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2614 Kearny st.
A GOOD paying saloon on Clay st.; rent $05;
place Is establ, for years;' investigate at
once; this Is a rare chance; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 20 fr Kearny st.
A— $700; RESTAURANT -opposite Golden Gate
Park; rent $25; good business; clearing about
$150 per menth. See R. G. WILKE. 20*4
' Kearny St. '.
A— $2500; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket et.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a flrst-class paying buslneas. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26& Kearny el
A— $250- BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2750; CORNER ealoon on Market St.. In-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $80;
lease; a first-class location and well estab-
pllshed place. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kear-
ny st. .
A— $2000: SOAP factory; a splendid and well-
established business; also manufactory of
washing powder; owner will allow 'buyer to
Investigate business for. 14 days. See R. G-
WILKE. 28% Kearny st.
A— $700; SALOON with long lease in choicest
part of this city; rent $40; a good paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny.
A— $6We— CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house: place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears aboi*
*175 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 26ft
. Kearny st.
A— DRUGSTORE: — drugstore — drugstore; price
$4500; established 27 years; lease 5 years;
rent $60; one of the best paying stores in this
city; own«r to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
26*4 Kearny st^
A — 1100; CORNER saloon with 7 rooms on
Bryant St.; rent $50; place surrounded by
factories and warehouses; a good buslneas.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2t>H Kearny st. j
A — $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room, 37 beds,
good furniture, lease, place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26 & Kearny st.
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
CO cans; 8 horses. 4 wagons, etc; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 15
years; a good-paying investment. Call It. G.
WILKE, 26Vi Kearny at.
A— $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25: fine location;
good bu-lneu. Bee It. O. WILKIE. 2tftt
Kearny at. »
A— $2000: SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A— $900; SALOON, vicinity Taylor _ Turk sts. ;
rent $50; this is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a worklngman's place;
rare chance.' See R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny.
$3c66^GROCERY and bar. on Fourth St., about
: 1 block from Market at.; lease; good paying:
• established years; sickness only cause of
: «ale. Call It. G. WILKE. 26tt Kearny St.
! a— $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
I business; store receipts about $60 per day;,
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
! value of $5000. Call K. G. WILKE. 2CH
I Kearny st.
I . ___Z
A— CAMERON & CO. 1 — Phone South 1050.
: 3 Eddy »t., cor. Market and Powell.
i Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
j BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 30-roo— i hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease: rals? own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
t this- $--'500: death in family cause of sale.
| CAMERON & CO.
' FOR eale — Well-furnished 5-rocm ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
; summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences; new, one
year; price $2200 complete. CAMERON & '
CO., 3 Eddy Et.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar ajnd furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; GV4 years' leafe;
' one of the beirt transfer corner* In city; do-
ing fine business: other Interests cause sale;
price $5000. See_ CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 6 acres Inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities In Califor-
nia; houss, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 0 years; rent
$30; clears $'J0 to $100 per month; price $500;
niirt sell on account other business. CAM-
" ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. V, ;.'
FOR Bale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; -• established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.; full Investigation and, trial ghen; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON _ CO.,
3 Eddy Et.
EXCHANGES made In all klnfljrof real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 8 Eddy et. \
$100 WILL buy a good paying restaurant. H.
G. MEHRTENS, cor. Railroad ave. and
'Webster St.. Alameda.
A MONKY-makinsr bakery for sale cheap; In-
vestigate. H. G. MEHRTENS, Railroad ave.
and Webster St., Alameda. '
HARDWARE and paint -store; established 25
years; will be sold at invoice. H. G. MEHRr
TENS, Railroad ave. and Webster St., Ala-
: meda.
BUTCHER shop; good family trade; must be
sold; owner going East. H. Q. MEHRTENS.
cor. Railroad ave. and Webster st., Ala-
meda.
$2000 SALOON; up-to-date corner; 3 years'
lf-as*. BERG, - ARMSTRONG _ . CO., 31S
Kearny st.
FOR sale — One of the best grocery stores in a
city acrocs the bay, not far from San Fran-
cisco; must sell or take a partner, one who
¦ can look after the .business. Address • for
particulars, box 04y Call offlce.
AN honest oartner wanted in a good road-
house and ealoon business In Alameda
County; terms very reasonable to right
party. ¦ Inquire at or write to 640 Crossley
building, 85 New Montgomery st. '
A PARTNER wanted who will take a financial
and active Interest in an old established
wholesale commission business: references
exchanged. Box 770, Call offlce. ¦ - --
$58 WfLL buy out 2 furnished rooms; good lo-
cation for - business: . including barber i chair
and washing machine. 90 Harriet st. . .
PARTIES desiring, timber locations will do
».well to address box 03, 1008 -Market st.
CANDY store; good location; cheap 1 rent; fine
fixtures; come make offer. 1127; Market' st. i
COTTAGES TO 1.CT.
COTTAGE— New. meUem. C rooms, bath; larj,,
yard and basement; rent reduced. 2CJ Haa-
ford at. ..*¦,• ;>*.'
CENTRAL ave.. 721 — 5 rooms; bath; base-
ment. Owner, 4^ Harsht at.
TO let-^-Cottaee: 5 rooms and bath. Apply
4W3 Nineteenth at.
jlS—COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 54xll_
Apply 444 Twenty-seventh St.. near No*.
CUKES 3TJy.TU.UE.
HI.'NTER'S Positive Rupturf Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1200 Market st. : send for circular.
DEXTISTS. -Jj
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 2l> yrs.; crown. £; 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5- full set; all work palnl«-sa and
¦warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth.
DR, LITDLUM HILL. 144-'t Market.nr. Eleventh
— Ni» charge for extracting wh»n plates *r*
made: eld plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 5Oc; gas given.
FREE examination with chart at the ne-
Yorlc Dentists, 9CD Mission St.. SE. cor. 6th.
Paris Dental Parlors. 2."~5 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 60 up: crowns. $2 up;flillngs.25c.
ARTHUR CHISIIOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.l4.1st
floor. Pl.elan blJ.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farreil.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 33c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
IJItKSvM.VKEHS AM> *K \.M VrilKVSKi
! McDowell, dressmakino
and millixert school.
Best system of dresscuttlng ta.u~h:.
Best course in millinery. ,
Best pattern rooms: evening class.
1019 Market St.. above Sixth.
ACCORDIOX. sunburst and knlfe-plaiUng.
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory. 110
Taylor st. ; tel. Foiso— i 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1013 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking; ahirt waists *
specialty; 75c up. 9O4 McAllister; phone 221L
~~~ ED YCAT 10 .X AI>
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, beat
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction 75-pag« catalogue on reque»t.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
825 Golden Gate ave.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June I w*
move to new fireproof building. 739 Mission
st. near Third. More rpaee. Oner roo— _.
better light. Finest In the West. Come and
see. 8. F. BUSIN.ES3 COLLEGE, now at
1236 Market at.
METROPOLITAN' Business College, R. H.
Webster, ex-supt. Enlarged, removed. Van
Nes*. Golden Gate; business, academic, pre-
paratory, teachers' university degrees; posi-
tions secured .typing machines free; circ. sent.
,
ITEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST, 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and eight se— sions; illustrated catalogue free.
A,— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mir>-
ket. guarantees positions to- graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S r.o.
AJTRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; established IS years; special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of MlnesAElectrtclty.24 Post
•t.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCES'G — Adult*. Mon. and FrL evgs; Juve^
piles. Sat. 2 to 5: priv. lessons daily. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
BOOKKEEPING, English, math., etc.. day cr
«ve.;lr.dlvldual lnstr. Rm. 2. 305 Larkln. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly of Pac Bus. Col.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. «ur-
Tey, assay, cyanide: day ev. ; est. I?<t4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. Ciy Hall.
I ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of oficial court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1CS2 Market; catalog.
SPANISH — My fourth successful year of teach-
ing. PROF. 'DEMINGO MAYA of Madrid. 4^
Gutter st. ¦
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand ete.. t*
ino. Western Business College. 110* Market.
CCTTAR mandolin and piano. $.1 per mo. ;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 823 Haight st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
BANJO, mandolin, guitar, thoroughly taught;
2 hours 5IX-. 317 Goush st-. near Hayes.
KENT Uw School: always open; send for par-
ticulars. £36 Parrott building.
I A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception,
•f advertisements and subscriptions has be;n
•pened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
EMPLOYJ1K5T OVKICE9.
GBORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — .T.iparip**-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5753.
GRAND— Japanese' aira Chinese employment
Office. 415 Stockton st. ; tel. Grant 168.
i CHINESE Employment Offlce — Beat help at
Loota Seung's. 411H O'Farrell; tel. East 42«l
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all khads help. 315 Stockton; Main 31S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yearSL
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
BMPLOifMEXT WAITED— FBMALB.
GOOD American woman will do day worJc of
any kind; has no one to help her; must hava
It now: would take charge of business prem-
Ises; perfectly reliable. Call im— ied lately,
64SA Jessie St.. downstairs, bet. 7th and 8th.
GOOD American woman will do day work of
any kind; has ho one to help her; would talc*
charso of business premises; reliable. C_U
O4SA Jessie st.. downstairs i, bet. 7th and 8th.
A CULTURED lady would read letters, writi
or dispense good cheer and sympathy by the
hour to ths sick, convalescent or troubled;
confidential. MRS. P.. 41S Post st.
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker; tailor-
made suits by the day; good cutter aad fitter:
Towns made at home; engagements per day.
MISS BARSS. Sherman House. 23 Mh. st.
WOMAN would act as guide to shoppers.
Chaperon young ladies visiting city to n_u-
lnees or other places of interest; $1 60 per
day and exDenses. Box 973. Call.
THOROUGHLY experienced child's nurse, and
seamstress wishes situation : understands full
charge from birth: best references; city or
country. 1425 Washington St.. S. F.
ELDERLY American woman wants situation
In a small family; home more thaa wassa;
• good plain cook; country preferred. Call or
address 439 Natoxna St.
YOUNG German lady. Just arrived from Ger-
many, wants employment for cook and
household work In a good family household
Apply at Humboldt House, 13oO Stockton st.
YOUNG lady stenographer will accept position
l-i country; will assist on bocks; 4 years' ¦'
practical experience with Al recommend*-
tions. Box CS4, Call office.
COMPETENT woman, a cook, will do general
tcuseworlc in small family; is steady; refer-
' «nces; wages $25 to $30. Please call _U
1'ifth st.
SITUATION wanted; caretaker for home: can
I ut up all kinds of fruits and Jellies and give
Louse best care: best references. Address
box COT. Call office.
A COMPETENT woman wishes a position cs
kitchen helper, housework or care of an in-
valid lady; wa^es moderate; sleep home. A.
II.. tO Howard st. -
SITUATION wanted as -chaperon or compan-
ion to travel or to take care of semi-Invalid;
¦would be housekeeper la small family. Ad-
dress box '972, Call.
SITUATION wanted— Lady having had expert -
ence In demonstrating dealres a position at
$10 per week or $1 with cCmmission Ad-
dress box 974. Call.
WOMAN between 3f> and 40: grxid cook, not
afraiil of work: country preferred: good home
i rather than w»ie» object. Address box 7S8,
¦ Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by woman to take care of
invalid: would travel; wages $50 In private
borne. $4(> in institution. Address box 970,
Call office.
AA — BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady, ex-
pert accountant: all modern methods; highest
reference, last position 3 years. Box 644, Call.
A— WAITRESS, experienced, wants position;
city, country; hotel or restaurant. 324 Ma>
»on st.; phone E!ack 22)8.
• A — GERMAN woman with a child, good coc*
wants work: country. S24 Mason st. ; phunt
Buck 239C
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes w orklnj? hous*-
I eeper's position In the. <-ountry; references
!;lven. Address box 70O. Cal!.
SITUATION wantPd by * mtdUle-age.! German
woman as companion or nur3e during trip to
•Kuropc. Box 977. Call.
WOULD like to do la.lles' and gentlemen's
-washing at home. Apply 460 »i Minna at."
WOMAN wants vror- ly the <U/. *A C_w
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, . „-
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium ana me
reader. 1200 Market St.. Gait Houae.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing seance Sun-
day. 2 and 8 i». m. ; 60c. S2S Ellis st.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy St.; phone Scott US ».
C. MAYO-STEERS, 35f8 17th St.: afternoons
only; correspondence solicited. Tel Capp *vo.
C. V. MILLER has discontinued h£» seances
until further notice. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. RAYMOND'S materializing and trumpet
seance, 25c 40(> Franklin st.
EARLE— To-night. Pythian Hall. 0C9 Market
st. 8 o'clock.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE FUTURE REVEALED. THE PAST
- DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion'si treatise that Is
so electrifying the world to-day. He is no
Imitator. His work is upon original lines,
pure thought clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works in the open
He' Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he l» for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading Is not a life reaajnjr Whe-
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE" he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test is
of little value; when the mind Is troubled you
need more substantial aid and advice. This
is just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives
you when you call on him for a flrst-class
clairvoyant reading. ' ,,
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the III* and mls-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that ar«
troubling you. find the cauie of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Permanently located 428 Eddy St.: 3 sepa-
rate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
*i $i $1 .$i $i ' $1 Si ' »i
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information tot
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance cU:rvoyant and
r-alml't ever In San Franctaro.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full judge.)
•. nere °y solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to teU your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover is true or false: who and
when you will marry: how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "in fact," 1 will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable: his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he Im-
proves your character to that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted in your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you success
In life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell St. — 326.
ELLSMERE. CLAIRVOYANT.
All revealed. Nothing concealed!
Whom, when shall I marry?
How to become happy and succeed?
May I marry the one I love? /
What Investment is safe and good?
Mining claims, lost veins located? ¦ ,
Shall I win my lawsuit?
Can my disease be cured?
Will my husband return to me?
Where had I best locate?
Without asking questions. Hastens marriage,
removes spells, evil Influence, restores affec-
tions, create* domestic harmony, locates and
cures disease, weak habits, nervousness, lack
of confidence, improves vitality, gives secret
power to control at any distance. Teaches
mental and physical magnetism, occult adept-
ship. Readings by mail, $2: in office, fi^ jr.
reading and examination; reduced prices Mow .
fees. 1007^a Market St.. parlors 2 and 3. j
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ¦ and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, have or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4560.
MRS. GENTRY, famous divine healer, clair-
voyant, palmist, business medium; fortunes
told correctly; dreams Interpreted; flow of
blood stopped instantly: cures fits, rheuma-
tism. St. Vitus dance, dropsy and almort any |
ailments and afflictions; will give names of
people she has cured in the Mission; consul- I
tation free; consult this endowed woman and
be made well and happy; treatments and
readings by mail; at home every day and
evening. 2725 Mission e*., between 23d and
24. S. F., Cal. Phone Church 762.
ATTENTION.
MISS M. WILLE. 330 Ellis St..
The well-known medium, crystal seer, may be
consulted in all affairs of lire; every hidden
mystery revealed; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated: tell your entire life, past, present and
future: If you are unhappy, love or family af-
fairs, business transactions, -no matter what
trouble you may have, consult this great me- I
dlum aijd you will be told how to overcome
them; satisfaction or no charge; reading, $1;
hours, 10 to 8 p. m.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; I.
SOc, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
sit.. $1-60. 312 Mason St.. near Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair. & palm. ;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
• >.. 6Oc; g.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.
A— Miss M. Wille, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon: na/nes given; special. $1 ; hours 10 to 8.
CAMP of real Romany Gypsies who read your
life from cradle to grave to your entire sat-
isfaction; palmlrts, clairvoyants, card read-
ers, mediums. *145 Powell and 2S5 Geary.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and bus. medium, read, dally $1; develoy-
' Ing class Thursday. 8 p. in. 612 Eddy st.
Mrs/A. H.Kronenberg.patmtst. clairvoyant, card
reader:when others fall try me;good readings
25c. 721 Frankltn,nr.O.G.ave.Tel.Larkin 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 "Howard, bet.4th_5th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23 }i 6th; 1. 25c, g. 5Oc.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c:
genta 50c. 951 Mission st., nr. 6th; open Sun.
SPIRITUAL healer: successfully treats all dis-
eases; 2 treatments. 939 Golden Gate ave.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader tn city.
26^ Kearny;, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gtven names, date
ard facts: readings dally. 817 Market et.
1SMAR, the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1. '
MME. HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist and
¦.card reader. 421 Hyde at.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. E. BUSH, the best card reader la city.
805}$ Mission at. t __."
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tlnga dally.. 443VJ Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
BtnXDINOS TO LEASE.
A ROOMING and apartment-houses to lease;
several good propositions this week. Apply to
SPECK & CO.. 200 Montgomery tit.
C A R PET ~ B ATI X G A "PC LEA Jt IX P.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally i used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal: carpets and rugs are
also cleaned, by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. . Compressed Air
Cleaning Co.. 30S Market St.; phenes Main
152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st., clean-
Ing _ laying done reasonably. TeL Mission TI.
WESTERNv Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har^
'rlaon st.; Al cleaning ; 3c. Tet. Mission 223.
1 CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate. ave. Telephone East 126.
; HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 14-"5_ Howard .tel. South 2W.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co..402 Sutter st.-
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.'
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.-. tet.Mlssion 263.
; COTTAGES — SUliUgBAW.
MILL Valley— Furnished 5-room cottage, with
bath: hot water? low rent. Box «57. Call.
COTTAGES gQiC SALE.
$4000 — FOR sale— A cottage. 6 room* and bath,
i 1029 Capp et.; call irom 'J a. ta. to 2 p. n_
SUXDAY LECTURES.
O. N. ORLOW lecture this (Sunday) evening,
in Golden Gate Hall (upper). 629 Sutter St..
at 8 o'clock, with the topic presenting
"Mind or Mental Diseases."
Vocal and instrumental music. Admission free.
CARMEN'S Hall. to-night at 8, Socialist
meeting; F. R. Whitney and Mrs. Lewis will
attack Citizens" Alliance; Thomas Garretl
tof Post), Herbert George. Mr. Alexander
and Mr. Ready are invited to defend; free.
THURSDAY night at 8; Turk si. temple; Miss
»ia!l Lau>-hlln (New York City) will speak
on "The Economic Basis of Woman's Suf-
frage": Mrs. Lewis will criticise; free.
"HYPNOTIC Suggestion" lecture, to ladies
only, illustrated by faces piesent; 8 Mon. eve.
•t Van Auken Oxygen Institute. 815 v an ,
Nees ai-e.. near Ellis st.: 10c. Class soon.
MEKTIXO SOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Cbmmandery t.Jtjm
NO 1G K T. 625 Sutter st. — Spe- UST
clal assembly THIS EVENING at 7 |uj
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fraiers XT
are courteously invited. By order of -
the cot-:n.ander.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. ilO. I. _i«S2_i_
I <> O F.— Initiation MO.NDAT jgaBSCfc
KVENIXG. -May 30. Visiting
brethren welcome. _ £ 8TANKE .Ta
E. W. HANNAY. R. S. ¦
OFFICERS and members of o^Kttifc,
Oriental Rebekah Lodge No. 90. i»£_j5f«a
I. O. O. F.— You are hereby "°2raS£3^?
requested to assemble In Memo- >^* f * J \
rial Hall 7th and Market sts.. at 11 a. m. t»-
attend the funeral of our late sister. MARY
J THOMAS. Interment Odd Fellows Ceme-
tj r y. . ISABELLA CLARKE. N. G.
i THE officers and members
; of Golden Gate Camp <fe«j
! reg'ufMe.1 to attend' the « £»?wSfZj*Rl
funeral of our late neifrh- f , 'j .jTiB nftii t
1 bor. JAMES I. MILEY, IHLJSI—'
TO-DAY (Sunday) May 29 from 11 Juniper
j St.. at 1 p. m.
W. D. FERGUSON. Consul Commander.
J JOHN T. O*DONNELL. Clerk.
I SERVIAN Montenegrin L. & B.
Society will hold Its twenty- . \$XP
r.iurth n.nnual picnic at Bu-na Pry-^era
ViBta Park. £su.«alito, Sunday.
; .Tune .">, I'.KH. Ovt>r cne hundred SStSlTSivn
!• laiuat'le «rlze?i will be. dlstrlb- PxSIiSi'f'
uted at 5 |i. m. In addition to P4?§S\«
many trate rrizf*. First jrlze Nj_ > S.i«J'
I $"'•, $15, respectively, etc., etc.
Admission to park 25 cents; children free.
Society will leave on the 9:15 a. m. boat.
I COMMITTEE.
' GEORGE H. THOMAS Tost. G. A. R., >v>i
J will attend Grace M. E. Church, cor- Wlto.<
I ner Twenty-first and Capp sts., SUN- —^S»
DAY EVENING. May 29. 1904. The com-
i rades will assemble In the basement of the
1 church at 7:30 p. m. sharp and march into
< the church in a body. All vlsltlns comrades
are Invited to join vs.
- F. L. TURPIN. Commander.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso- ir_^«__
i elation — The second\quarte.rly social |VfT^*
and dance will take place at Red- |.'**1^»»
men's Hall. 320 Post st., SATl'R-
DAY EVENING. June 4. Tickets 50 cents.
Can be procured from the committee or at
the hall evening of the entertainment.
L. TRAUNG, Recording Secretary.
I THE Caledonian Club will' hold Its v «_? >
thirty-eighth annual gathering and jS, fi uo
games at Shell Mound Park. MON- >!».Xi*
DAT May 30. 1904. Renowned "^^NT
! . athletes of the Pacific Coast, from the East.
; also from Australia, will compete. Over
' (3000 will be distributed In prizes. In ad-
dition a gold medal valued at $250 will be
; awarded to the best player on the bagpipes
I of Scottish national airs. Highland dancing
! on platform by lads and lassies in costume.
Programmes describing over forty events
¦ will be distributed In the city; also across
! the bay; get on«. Full bands for the pa-
vilions; dancin« in the pavilions until S p.
tn. Visitors will be accorded a genuine
Highland welcome. Buy round trip tickets
fcr Shell Mound Park. Admission to grounds
— Adults. 50c; children 25c.
A. M MACPHERSON. Chief.
3. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
MODERN Woodmen of America, OoOvUrllaw-
ship Cama fl«33. M. W. of A., meets every
MONDAY NIGHT at Fraternity Hall. U>0
I Market St.. San Francisco.
t W. H. EDWARDS. V. C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. «71erk. Offlce room til-7.
Emma Spreckels building.
| A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
] ACKSTS WANTED. ~"
DO you want work? Ladles or E-ntlemen; no
canvassing or soliciting; no time Irom regu-
lar occupation; no one need know you are
my representative; no money, outfit «.r ex-
perience needed: easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable, work can be don* home: for In-
formation, address J. W. KIDD, 5025 Baltes
block. Fort Wayne, Ind.
AGENT to sell Champion Washing Tablets;
wonder of 20th century for washing clothes;
no rubbing; will not injure hands or clothes;
eaves time, labor and clothes; big profits; 3
washings by mail 10c; 8 washings 25c.
CHAMPION MFG. CO.. 2131 J St., Sacra-
: mento, Cal.
{ "SCHEMES and Fakes of America"; a book
i for mall-order men and hustlers; an eye-
I opener; a brain-brightener; full of dollar-
\ getting ideas; sent postpaid for a silver dime.
D. C. JACKSON. 2U58 Market St.. S. F.
: MONEY' In mushrooms; cheaply gro*n by
, either sex in cellars, stables, gardens, etc.,
j whole year: send for free booklet and learn
I this profitable business. Dept. 20. Eastern
' Importing Co.. Brighten. Mass.
i CHANCE eof lifetime to one man each State
| with few hundred dollars and references; mo-
nopoly of legitimate business; big profits: no
risk: highest Indorsements. HULL.. 154 East
j Twenty-third St.. New York.
I AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that !s
j a decided Improvement on building and loan
; is worth having. Great Western I— iprove-
; ment Company. Parrott building.
' 12 HONEST persons for steady employment at
) the St. Louis Fair; liberal pay; free trans -
: portatlon: references; particulars 12c. Ad-
! dress box 386. Denver, Colo.
I WANTED — Flrst-class specialty salesmen to
:- handle staple line; commission of-, one man
lart week $2S7. BARTON-PARKER'MFG.
CO.. Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
' WE want a number of experienced canvassers
j at once; liberal contracts made with live men
who can do business. Apply to White Sew-
j Ing Machine Co., 300 Post st. ; "
NATURAL diamonds puzzle experts; stand
every test; our pocket outfit starts you;
write for special offer. CHAPMAN-TOW-
| ER CO., Syracuse, N."~Y.
I ,
I THE Magic Microscopic Pencil is the latest
. novelty; there'll be millions sold; sample and
] terms 10c. E» C. PRINCE. Chasevllle.Tcnn.
WHY not help your friends and make extra
wages selling Investment shares; dividends
sure this year; men or women. Box 943, Call.
WRITE for Bell's patent ventilating window
lock; retail 25c; Inducements to general
j agents. Bell Mfg. Co.. Norwalk, Conn.
I NAMES of mall order buyers from all over the
West: 100 for a dime. Ai. C. CRAWFORD.
627 Taylor ave.. Alameda. Cal.
WANTED— Agents, each county, to sell "Fam-
ily Memorials"; good profit. CAMPBELL _
CO.. 131 A St.. Elgin, 111. ¦
RELIABLE agent wanted. Box 745, Call
office. t
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR sale — A slightly used steam automobile;
locomobile make; In good condition; at a
reasonable price; to be seen at the Union
Machine Works, Third and Franklin sts.,
Oakland.
SNAP — "De Dion." two-seated gasoline run-
about: perfect shape; $450. R. li. FEARN.
675 Thirty-sixth St., Oakland.
ONE of Uie best makes of automobiles on the
market for sale; late model. Address box
611. Call offlce.
REPAIRING and stabling: second-hand ma-
chines for sale. S. C. MYERS, 513 Sixteenth
st.. Oakland.
FOR sale — An automobile; must be sold be-
; fore Saturday. May 28. Box 1000, Call.
AITTOMOBILE for sale: gasoline power: only
been used 3 months. Box (393, Call offlce.
FOR sale— A steam automobile In flrst-clasi
. running order. Box 712, Call offlce.
$700 CADILLAC i automobile for. sale; good as
new. Box 101, Call office.
NEAT runabout, in good. condition; steam. In-
quire tet* Howard St.
SMALL automobile for eale; almost new. Box
175. Call offlce. . .
PIERCE rootorette, 0 horsepower, for sale. Box
195. Call offlce.
' WANTED— To buy an automobile In good run-
ning order; state make, etc.- Box 976, Call.
; A8T~MA _JE_r__fr.
A. Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
• ly: 10c. 25c BOc. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
BICYCLES— Por Sale or E~chan_ «.
GENT'S ¦ low frame. Marrow brake; : ladies'
Sterling: both perfect; cheap.- 009 Polk st.
BICYCLE for sale; lady"* Columbia; neifly
Btw; cheap. . 4W> Hayes st.
CHCKCH SIS" v ICg»- J _
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, comer Jack-
son and Flilmore sts.— Rev. John Hemphlll.
l». D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o clock.
Evening eervice at 7:43 oclock Kev. o. n.
Alden. D. D.. of Palo Alto. T -'» 1 o '??* ch _ a !
both services. Sabbrflh school at 9:30 a. m..
orchestral music. Christian -ndeayor meat-
ing at «:30 p. ra. Prayer meeting « «»«'«>'•>
evening at * oclock. All are cordially
icvited. .
TRINITY Presbyterian Chunh. corner Twenty-
third end Capp sts.-Hev. reward K. Strong
j.aster. Morning .mice at 11 a ai.. when
exercises appropriate to Children s day »1»
be held. All rr.-mbers of U.ble school are
rxpe.uJ st that timef No Bible school at
thi usual hour. Endeavor Sockty at ti ,Ao
p. 31. Uvrnlr.R worship at , :45 o clock Thr
Vasto- will preach on "Memorial Day _and
our National Hymn." Strangers welcome.
iiBST Presbyterian Cliurob. Van Ness ave
• nd S.cramento »t.. Rev. William Kirk
• Juthrie. paster— Service*. 11 a. m. and .:«
# p. m. The paMor will preach st both ser-
'vlc*,,. Morning f-ubject. 'The Modern
<T.urch." Evenlnr subject. "Rev. Mr. Rains-
ford DD in New York." Sabbath school.
»:«0_. m. Christian Endeavor, 6:30 p. m.
and ti:30 p. m. Wednesday. 6 p. «n.. mld-
w-e«-k eervire. lecture on Isaiah. All are cor-
•JiaHi' invited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and Pa«e st*.— Morning service at
11 a. m.. sermon by Rev. Herbert E. Hay».
tsipi**. "Access to God." Sunday school at
y:45 a m., Christian Endeavor at 6:45 p. m.
At 3 p. nr. the Presbytery of San rran-
cisco will mett at the church. Mr. Herbert
E Hays will by them be ordained a minister
of the" church of Christ. The ordination ad-
dree* by Rev. Richmond Logan. Mr. Hays
will then Iw Installed as pastor, with sermon
by Kev. William Kirk Guthrle. Charge to
the pastor by Rev. John S. Thomas. Charge
' to the peorle by Profersor Hugh ™./* 1 '-
chri*t. Prayer of installation by Rev. J. M.
Mcnihlr.ney. There will be n» evening ser-
vice. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening.
FRANKLIN Street Presbyterian Church, cor-
ner Franklin and Vallejo s_— Special ser-
vices. II a. m. and 7:3O p. m. Profestor
Hugh Gilchrift. P.D.. will preach lii the
rr.orn ng and Uev. Pcul G. Stevens will tineak
at the evening service on "A Winter's Tcur
With D. L. Moody' s Gospel Van Through
Tennessee nnd Georgia to Alabama. . huu
day school. »:45 a. m. <"hr.ttian Endeavor
iiieetlng. <i:3<» p m. Prayer meeting Wed-
nesday, 7:45 p. m. All are cordially Invited.
UNITARIAN Church <-ir*t> S.W. cor. Geary
an<l Franklin st«— Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
minister. Rev. Mr. Leavitt and Rev. C.
Ruets. 6upts of Sunday school. Junior
church and Sunday school are at 10 o'clock.
Sunday service is at 11 o'clock. Rev. J. AN.
Hudson of the Second church will prcich;
subject. "The Relation of Being Great to
Being Good." Mu6ic by quartet, under di-
rection of H. Bretlierick. organist. All are
cordially invited. There is no evening ser-
vice.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Twentieth
and Capp rltk. <take Mission or Valencia st.
car)— The Rev Jay William Hudson, min-
ister: residence. 500 Capp st. The Sanday-
school meets at 9:45 o'clock: Mr. W. C.
Maxwell superintendent At the morning
Fervice at 11 o'clock the Rev. Christopher
Ruess of Alameda will preach: subject.
••Understanding Hearts." Music by orches-
tra and choir under the direction of Mr.
JabiFh Cle— leiu. All cordially Invited. No
evening service.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Pest et..
rear Webster— Rev. I. C. Meserve. D. D.,
paftor. Morning worship at 11. preceded by
Sunday School at 9:30 a. m. Christian En-
deavor meeting at 0:45 p. m. Patriotic
rraiM "service at 7:4:> p. in., in recognition
of Memorial day. The choir will render
epecial music, including popular patriotic
bongs. Mr. David Manlloyd will sing the
tenor solo "Only Tired" (Holden), and MIm
Dorothy Goodsell. the soprano solo. "I Mourn
as a Dove" (Benedict). The pastor will
speak briefly en "Our Country."
FIRST Congregational Church, comer Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D..
pat-tor, will preach at both eervlces. At 11
a. m topic. "The Pioneer's Experiences in
a New Country." At 7:45 p. m.. a national
memorial Fervlce. Special music appropriate
to Decoration day by the choir, Samuel D.
Mayer, organist and director. Address by
the' pastor, topic, "The Responsibility of the
Citizen." All are cordially Invited.
THIRD Congregational. 15th. near Mission-
Rev. William Rader. pastor, will preach at
both services. At 11 a. m., "The Gift and
Gospel of Hate." At 7:45 p. m., sermon on
"Barbara Freltchie." before Seven lines. Me-
Klnley and other patriotic circles. Members
of the G. A. R. invited.
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission sL. between
Flxth and Seventh— The pastor. Rfv. George
W. White, wilt be in the pulpit both morning
mid evening to-day. At the evening service
a special programme of concert character
wil| be given, with a short address by the
vastr.r. Sunday school at 12:45. Young
People's meetings at 6:15. Seats free.
Everybody welcome. ¦
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts.. Rev. F. M. Lar-
kin. Ph.D.. pastor, residence 31CS Twenty-
flrst st. — Services. 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Sunday school. 12:4i p. m.; 11 a. m.. Rev.
Hugh Johnson. D.D.. of Baltimore; 7:43
r — i.. G. A. R. memorial service, George H.
Thomas Post No. 2 will attend. Patriotio
music. Sermon by the pastor. Take Valencia
*t. or Mission st. cars.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gousb
.rrs. — Rev. F. W. «1a— ipett. D D. rector.
Holy communion, 7:30: Sunday eehool. 9:30;
morning service, 11:00; sermon by rector:
evening (service. 8:00: confirmation a_d
siermon. Bishop of California.
FIRST Baptist Church. 320 Eddy st.— Rev. _..
P. Russell preaching, II a. m. sermon topic,
"Humanity"; 12::*<> p. m.. celebration of
fifty-fifth anniversary of Bible School: 6:30
p. m., Christian Endeavor; 7:30 p. m.. ser-
mon, topic. , "Calling I'pon God — What Is
It?" Prayer meetlrg Wednesday. 7:45 p. «n.
All cordially welcome. Seats free. .
MR. C. H. BRIGHT "missionary from Peru)
Trill preach the gospel this evening at 7:45
o'clock and every evening during the week
(except Saturday) In the Jerry McAuley
Mission. 624 Howard st. This commence!* a
series of addresses on the gospel as fore-
shadowed In the writings of Moses. Mr.
"right will use an almost perfect model at
the Tabernacle of Israel in the wilderness.
All are earnestly Invited.
THE People'*! Churcli meets Sundav evenings
la Elks' Hall. 22.1 Sutler et.. at 8 o'clock:
memorial service subject this evening. "Our
Soldier Dead." Paster. Mrs. Anna L. Gllles-
ple. Mrs. J. J. Whitney will assist with
messages. Mr. Fred Manchester will ren-
der vocal sclos.
FIRST Church of Chiirt. Scientist. Central
Mock. 223 Sutter rt.. bet. Kearny and Grant
.ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.;
subject of lesson -s*rmon. "God the Only
Cause and Creator." Sunday-school for
children at the same hour. Wednesday even-
ing meeting at ft o'clock. Free reading-
room. 20G Kearny St.. rooms 509-510. All
are welcome. ".¦..-.¦
MECTI.<VGS Sl'XDAY.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN^S free lecture this
#-ening. Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle. 909
Market St.: subject. "The True and False
in Spiritualism" <by request), followed by
mexnificent Illustrations of fantasies; free
tickets will be distributed for X-Ray ex-
hibition at sanitarium Tuesday evening. Re-
member the question box. Special music.
A NOTED p«vchir. PliOF. FRED P. EVANS.
the. acknowledged ,-eer of slste^writers and
clairvoyants, consulted daily on all matters of
importance: Indorsed by the leading societies
• nd Journals of the wcrld devoted to occult
subjects. Offlce 1112 ECdy St.. rear Octavia.
THE Theoeophlcal Society — Col. H. S. Olcott.
rt**ldent-found*r. Headouarters, Academy
Of Frit noes building. P19 Market (rt. Public
lerture at 8 p. m. by Mr. F. M. Willis: sub-
ject. "The Mystery of the Self." Lotus
Group, 11 a. m. Study Class. Thursday.
2:30 p. m.
TO-NIGHT— «09 Market «t. Rev. Katie Heuss-
— isnn-Harveston's farewell lecture; mes-
sages: free admission: new address hereafter
No. 11 Mission st., Eanta Cruz.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader; messages to-night: 223 Sutter st.
Elks Hall. Offlce, 12OU Market; sit. dally.
ALL skeptics Invited to witness Mme. Young's
genuine spirit messages to-ntght 10c 619
McAllister st.; readings daily.
MRS. gTODDARD'S seances, 10c; testa from
s-irit friends; Sun.. Tues. 278 Oth; sittings.
WRS. EBERHARDT. tests to-night. 10c; read-
lugs dally. S250 22d St.. bet. Valencia _ Mis.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.: 10c; sit. 10 to 6. 148 Sixth sf.
MRS. HARLAN'S circle*, evenings, to-night,
lOc. 148 Blxth: prophetic spirit; read, daily.
FRIENDSHIP Hall.335 McAllister St.— Mrs. C
J. Meyer; elt. dally;tesU t» all every ev., 10c.
MME. LUCRETIA. medium; circles every aft-
ernoon and evening, 2 & 8, 10c. 148 6th. r. 1.
FOR remarkable test readings hear Perkins
Scottish Hall. 117 Larkln st..-7:45 p. m.
MME. VIGARS* spiritual test meeting to-
night. 10c; sittings dally. 148 Sixth st.
TESTS. OfD Market: 2-8; Mr. Wilson, Mme.
von Walt; 8, Dr. Cowan, others; 10c.
EDWARD EARLE at Pythian Hall to-night.
909 Market st.
CHEAPEFT and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Un;tefl States cr Canada one year for f LTHE • SAN FRANCISCO. CALL',. SUNDAY, MAY -29, 1904.
41
j FLATS TO LET— Continued.
ELLIS." 828 — 2 . parlors and . kitchen; recently
finished; separate front and rear entrance;
$30. ....... - ,.
NOE, 1054. cor. Elizabeth — 5 sunny roams;
new: yard, basement: convenient to Twenty-
i fourth and Castro cars; reasonable.
I BEAVER, 43, near Noe and Market— Upper
I' flat of 7 sunny rooms.
I CAPP, 1000, near Twenty-fifth — New, sunny, 5
room j, modern; rent reasonable.'
I CHENERY, 1C3, corner— 5 rooms; Just finl*hed:
?22 60.
CHURCH. IOCS— Flat, 5 rooms and^bath; $tS.
COLE, 428, near Page— Elegant 7-r. upper flat;
every room sunny: overlook! ns G. G. Park.
EUREKA, 300 — Sunny flat, 4 rooms and bath;
$15. , { „
FLAT, 1S37 Ellis -«t.. bet. Lagruna and Bu-
chanan — 3 rooms, bath; rent $18.
FREMONT av*., 6r — Upper flat af 3 rooms and
bath; fresh tinted; rent $20; basement.
GOUGH. X 600 — Lower flat, • 4 or 5 rooms; all
conveniences; yard; rent .cheap.
HAMPSHIRE and 18th— Modern upper flat. 6
} rooms and bath, $18. Apply 1440 Mission st.
HICKORY ave.. 343, near Lttguna st.— Upper
flat, 5 rooms and bath.
LARGEST list Of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAQ, llfl Montgomery st.
LVON, 734, near McAllister— Elegant sunny
iirp-r flat: 6 rooms and bath.
MISSION. 294S— 9 rooms, bath, sink and wash-
. room: $27 60.
NEW, sunny upper flat. 6 rooms and bath;
rent $30. 3095 Seventeenth St., facing Market.
NEW lower modern flat, 7 rooms, bath. 2732
Mission St., near 23d.
PAGE. 239 — New lower fiat; six rooms; bath;
. reception hall; walking distance.
PAGE, 439— Modern 8-room flat: will be va-
cated June 1; yard and garden; rent $25.
SHIPLEY. 289, near Sixth— $15; sunny middle
flat; bath, gag, nice yard. '
SHOTWELL. 1175— Elegant flat, 0 rooms and
bath; rent reasonable.
SEVENTEENTH. 4004. blk. west Mkt.— « «un.,
mod, rms. : bath, garden. $27 60; stable, $2 50.
STEINER. 1325, corner 13111s— Flat 3 rooms,
sunny; furnished or unfurnished.
STEINER. 1026, corner Pine— Sunny, modern
flat 7 rooms, bath; yard; rent $23.
SUNNY lower fiat; 3 rooms: gas; mantel;
tubs; rent $11. 1909 McAllister st.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms and bath; newly tinted.
21 De Long are.
SUTTER, 2715— B rooms; new and modern; $25.
TO let — 4 sunny rooms, new house; rent $12.
308 Rutledge ave., off Alabama st.
UPPER flat, 8 choice sunny rooms ;pantry ;store-
room; gas; $12. 2419 Clay st., near Fillmore.
UPPER flat. 8 rooms and bath; large yard;
fine view. Apply 47 Chenery st.
UPPER flats. 6-6 r.. basement, yard. 1454-1458
8th ave.. Sunset. bouOi G. G. Park; rent reas.
WALLER, 470. near Stelner — Very sunny mod-
ern flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent $27 60.
WALLER. 1628 — Modern flat, 6 rooms and re-
ceptlcn hall; also housekeeping rooms.
$12; UPPER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
St., off Market, near Valencia.
$17 60 MONTH; 6 r. and b. lower flat; sunny,
cosy. 1039 Leavenworth St., near California.
I'LATS TO LET FUKMSHEU.
ELEGANTLY furnished, sunny flat, 6 rooms;
piano; centrally located; for 1 or 2 months
from middle June. Box 91, 1008 Market st.
TO LET, furnished. June 10 to September 1,
11-room flat at 3032 Jackson st.; call morn-
ings.
COZIEST and sunniest furnished flats In the
city: on 3 car lines; summer rates; one $30,
one $35. 41 Octavla st.
BUENA VISTA, 1293 Halght— Elegantly fur-
nished 4-room flats; latest Improvements;
sun all day.
CAPP, 614 — Desirable 3-room flat: piano, cook
and *as> range; between 11 and 4.
DIAMOND, 819— Flat of 3 furnished rooms;
hot and cold water; $10.
ELLIS. 700 — Sunny corner; furnished flat; S
rooms; bath; adults only; bet. 2 and 6 p. m.
FOR rent; furnished; 5 rooms and bath; elec-
trie light. 1713 Mission st.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3275, near Valencia— 4-room
• flat; finely furnished; no children; $25.
FLATS FOR SALE — FUKMSUEO.
$250— ELEGANTLY furnished flat of 6 rooms,
bath, gas: conveniently situated; rent $18;
no dealers; open to Inspection to-day after
10 a. rn. S\j Verona place, between Folscxs
and Harrison sts.
$100— FURNISHED flat, 8 rooms; also flat 5
rooms $160. BERG-ARMSTRONG CO., 318
Kearny st.
ELEGANT newly furnished 7-room flat, $450;
a sacrifice. 1124 Fillmore st,
FLAT of 5 rooms for sale; cheap rent. Apply
.460 Minna st.. forenoon.
FOR sale — Furniture of 4-room flat, bath; price
$185. 208 LeavenwDrth st.
Ft'RMTtiRB FOU gALB.
ANDERSON Auction House at 19 Turk st. nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for the
house at lowest prices.
FURNITURE for sale; $73 worth for $7 60
dewn and $1 60 per week. BRILLIANT'S,
S40 Post St.. near Powell.
CHEAPEST place in city for second-hand fur-
niture. 98« Geary st. Tel. Polk 1477.
I FCKMTUltE WAKTUO.
-, ABE LEVY."
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets,, etc. <S2 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
______________________________
"~~ IIKLt* WANTED- FEMALE.
WANTED — Monday morning, nurse, 2 children,
$30; cook, * no wash, $35; chambermaid,
springs, %"o; waitress, assist chamber work.
$23; cook for men, $30; waitress, restaurant.
j $8 a week; second Kir!, assist with children
and travel to New York, $25; 3 waitresses,
$25, $30, $32 30; tecond girl, assist laundress,
$L'.*>: 9 cooks, with and without wash. $30;
seamstress for orphanage. $20: 34 girlj.
housework, city and country, $25 to $35. J.
F. CROSETT _ CO., 334 Sutter St.
WANTED— Cock and laundress. $30, for coun-
i try; waitress and parlor maid, $30; cook
and .second girl, tame house, $30 and $20;
flrst-clasa cook. $40; cook small Institution
in country, $¦'&; 10 good waitresses for coun-
try, $23: 10 housework girls. $25, $20.- Ap-
ply MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St."
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresstnjr.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to /.
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
Kltlor.g to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — Olrl to learn millinery now for spring sea-
ccn; buth seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month -for $15; po8ltions_ts trimmers,
salesladles.etc, Guaranteed at |fu per wk up;
¦ <iay and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — Ladles, learn all branches hatrdresstng
trade, manicuring, -marsage, etc; positions
secured at highest wages; day and evening
cl&sftrs; thorough .system. Removed to '133
¦ Powell st.' -„* ¦ -
EXPERIENCED solicitor, either eex, every
community; Improved, fast selling staple ar-
ticle; permanent exclusive territory; . big
future; liberal commission. WARD &
• SCHEIDLER, ; 1233 Broadway, Oakland.
A — LADIES, learn all branches hatrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. ; positions
sf cured at highest wages; day and eve. class-
es ;.thor. system. Removed to 13.1 Powell st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer with knowledge of
bookkeeping; prefer young man; a desirable.
permanent position for right party. Box 746,
can; . - : -•.'-.-
EXPERIENCED manicurist and women's
halr-dresner wanted: Apply superintendent's
office, .The Emporium.
WANTED — Bright '> girl for stock keeping in
the manufacturing department of I., MAG-
NIN _ CO.. 650 Mission St., third floor.
WANTED — Young woman; general work In
suburban town for 5 months. 2151 Grove st.,
Oakland.
WANTED — Strong, girl ' for general work In
neighboring city ; summer months. 2151 Grove
. St., Oakland. „ - .. : •
WANTED— First-class operator. MULRO-
- NEY. 110 Geary st. . -
GIRLS to put on buttons; wag-ei. CARSON
. • GLOVE CO., ' 123 Second ; it ~-
I EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALB. j
YOUNG man of good appearance wishes posl-
1 tlon of any kind. Box B23. Call -office.
WANTED — A position as , barkeeper. : S.
I -WOLF. 30 Fourth gt. . : .
! BAUTENDER — Experienced, German, wishes a
¦ position i gives best references. Box 013, Call.
GASOLINE engineer; marine license;:' open* for t ,
position. Apply 10Sy t Turk gt..- S. F. -I
WANTED — A position as barkeeper. Box 618,
j Call office. . .,'-.- r . : -yi-. I
WANTED — A position as a clAk. Box 1 615,
Call office. '¦
VOUNG man wishes position of any kind.
H08 Powell St. - .¦
POSITION as salesman In wholesale toy store.
Address bcx 640. CaU offlc*.
UP-TO-DATE waiter wants position; country;
work guaranteed.' S. SILVER, 217 Elm ave.
EXPERIENCED eoda clerk with Al references
. wants position out of city. Box 637, Call.
YOUNG man wishes employment as driver of
delivery wason. L. L., Box 752, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes rceition as clerk In gro-
cery. Box 678, Call office.
MARRIED man wishes to superintend a small
ranch. Box GTS, Call office.
BOY wishes to learn plumbing trade. • Box 6S0,
Call office. . • * '
PLUMBER'S helptr wants position. E. H. K.,
34 Prospect ave., B. H. . .
WANTED — Position tending clear stand. Ap-
ply room 1<*JU. Winchester Hotel.
BOY wants to learn watch-making trade. Box
C67, Call office.
BOY 16 years old, wants to learn the en-
gravers' trade. Box 004, Call office.
! A JANITOR wants relief work In office build-
ing. Box 750, Call office.
EXPERIENCED collector wishes to change;
bonds. Box 672. Call. '
BOY wishes work in a. machine shop. Box
767, Cull office.
HOTEL clerk wants position In Mexico. Box
76{(. Call office. ' .
A YOUNG man wants position as porter. Box
CS2, Call office. '
SALESMAN wants specialty office line on
commission; coast towns. Box 753. Call.
WANTED — Position as assistant cashier In
wholesale house. Box 410. Call office.
WANTED— Position on country paper. Box
04S. Call office.
A CLERK wants a position. Box 653, Call
office.
WANTED— Situation as gardener. Box 422,
Call office.
BOY wants a Job on ranch. Box 418, Call
office.
STEAMFITTER wUhcs a posiUon out of the
city. Box 416, Call.
SHEET metal worker desires steady position.
Address 200 Lanjrton st. ¦ •
POSITION as waahman. Address box 423,
Call office.
YOUNG jnan. experienced plumber's helper,
wishes position. Box 413, Call office.
YOUNG man wants work. B. F. FLANDERS,
,,11 Natoma. tt.
WANTED — By sober man with city references,
employment In. the city, either as a watch-
man night clerk or fireman, etc. ; would ac-
cept day Job. ROBERT H. MIL.ROY JR..
Watchman Mill, Cleone, Mendoclno Co.. Cal.
BOOKKEEPER, who operates typewriter,
desires position; bond and references. Box
777, Call office.
A YOUNp man (20) who has served 2 years at
the machinist's trade desires chance to finish
the trade. Address \V B., 304B Seventh st.
PACKER wishes position; references. Box
988. Call office. ,
FRENCHMAN, 24 years, has traveled a good
dfal abroad, speaks and writes English and
Italian, wishes situation of any kind, city or
country. Box 921. Call office.
WOULD Uke work as Janitor. Apply JAMES
HARRIS, 744 Howard st. :
Painter, paper-hanger, gignwrlter, wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom st. ; phone Mint 131.
YOUNG Japanese wants situation to do cook-
Ing and general housework; several years'
experience; good references; $7 week up. A.
B. C. 258A O'FarrelLst.; tel. ; James 3251.
JAPANESE couple wishes situations, wife as
plain cook, man to do housework In the city;
or wife wishes position as waitress alone.
NAKAYAMA, 4C5 Jessie st.
A YGUNG Japanese boy wants a position to
do housework aad nlaln cooking In family;
city or country. 1223 Devlsadero st., tel.
Scott 548. ¦
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
housework or porter: speaks English. M.
OTA, care 627 # California st. S. F.
JAPANESE boy wants a position to do house-
work. Please address by mail only, GREY
KAMIYA. 712 Pine st. -¦-
A JAPANESE boy wants a Job for one or two
hours a day; any work. K. T., 1210B Larkln.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
8% BONDS 8%
I offer at par and accrued Interest '
COLLATERAL TRUST BONDS
Secured by mortgage and other jrilt edge seers.
Interest payable quarterly. Write for details.
. , J. R. FREULER
83 Wisconsin St. Milwaukee. .Wis.
WANTED — To borrow $2000 at 8 per cent on
business real estate. Box 1103, CaU office,
Oakland.
FLAT* TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT^
All desirable vacant houses and fiats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 1000
. In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO.. '
1039 MARKET ST..
: ¦-: OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES. and flats to let; an Immenss list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture -. Co., 243-233
Geary st., on the square.
ELEGANT, new, sunny, upper 9' rooms; - bil-
liard hall; magnificent view- of city; with or
- without private stable. 930 Pierce at., near
McAllister. . .
MASONIC ave., 1317, near Waller — Cheapest,
sunniest, up-to-date flat, 7 rooms and bath;
must be seen to be appreciated; reasonable to j
good tenant: open from 11 to 4.
ELEGANT corner flat; large sunny rooms; all
modern conveniences; separate entrances and
vestibule; nut reasonable. Southeast corner
of Oak and Shroder Bts. 9SHEJ""*"""?""""*
LOMBARD. 1010— Partly furnished 3-room flat";
marine view; srood* for those requiring . pure
air and sunshine: half block from Hyde cars.
Apply one week: no children.
CENTRAL ave., 71, near Haight Bt.—^Eunny
up-to-date flat, 6 l&rgo rooms and bath:
must be seen to be appreciated; reasonable
to good tenant. . .
WEST ave.. C— Upper 5- room new flat: sepa-
rate yard; porcelain plumbing; wooden man-
tels; rent only $17 60; 20 mtn. from 3d St.;
Mi«slon>st. cars.
BRODERICK, 1433. nr. Post— $30; G-room flat,
with 4 nice chambers In attic; new porcelain,
iOpen plumbing: sun every rm. Tel. Scott 4341. ¦
BUSH,' 2355, near Pierce — Elegant, new, mod-
ern flat,- 7 rooms and basement; 2 toilets, «as
/ and electricity. . ¦
CLAY 3.111— Sunny lower flat of 5 rooms and .
bath; rent $27 50. VON RHEIN RBAL ES- ¦
TATE CO., 513 California st. ¦ *
PACIFIC, ave.. 1640. > near Polk— 5 rooms and
bath: rent $23. VON RHEIN REAL ES-
TATE CO.. 513 California st. - :
TO let— Fine, large, modern, upper flat of 7 •
rooms and bath; plenty of. sun;, rent $40.
11% Lyon at. C. M. WOOSTER COMPANY.
SAN JOSE ave.. 227, below 24(h and 23th sts.
— New modt-rn flat, 6 rooms and bath; swell-
est location of Mission warm belt. . , ;
GUERRERO, 182— 7 rooms completely furnish- '
ed; light, and modern; rent very reasonable
to responsible party. . ¦
UPPER and - lower flats, N. W. cor. Lyon ;
and Halcht; reasonable; -fine view. Apply
129> Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1276 — Lower sunny flat, 3 rooms;
decorated parlor;.; large painted kitchen; 1
$12 50. - . ¦ . ¦'¦.:¦¦ :
WOODWARD,' 17, ' near Thirteenth ' and Va- ¦
. lencla — Modern, sunny ' upper flat; 5 . rooms,' ."
bath: rent $22. .-.:¦• ¦¦¦¦¦¦. .¦¦¦r ¦'¦ _
CAPP, ' UiO, near Twenty-fifth— 4-room flat, <
•bath. ¦ ¦ \ . ¦ _-._ :
LADIES to ' do piecework home; *re furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34 East
.Monroe at., Chicago.
REFINED woman of some business knowledge,
between ages of 25 and 40, to fill an Import-
ant poslUon with wholesale house. Box
630, Call office. •
! LADIE9 — Pleasant local work at home. $20
i weekly. Write to-day. Manager, 800 Como
1 block. Chicago.
' WANTED— 25 girls to stem strawberries. Ap-
ply Tuesday morning at 7 o'clock, Pacino
Coast Sytup Co., 713 Sansome st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, country hotel;
$25 each. Apply CATTELLS. B25 Eighth St.,
Oakland. .'.-..•-. i '
i A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In August.
Writs E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
tery St.. S. F.
YOUNG lady as housekeeper In small prtvat*
family; member of Methodist society and
musician preferred. Box C22. Call office.
\ FIRST-CLASS, operators on ladles', outing
Jackets and skirts: best wages; steady work.
CLAB ROUGH. GOLCHER fc CO.. 24 2d st.
WOMAN, not too young, and familiar with
business methods, for position of trust; na
; office work. Box 421. Call.
i GIRL wanted for general housework; good
wages. Apply^at 507 Franklin st.
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaking; paid
¦ while learning. 1S27 Mason st.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 656
Mission St., third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' waists. 696 Mls-
i sion St., third floor.
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's woolen
coats. 650 Mission st.. third floor.
i WANTED — A woman to do washing and clean-
Ing Wednesday. 1CS Alta st.
EXPERIENCED waitresses wanted. 20 Sd
; St. •
YOUNG gtrl to assist In light housework; good
home. Call after noon, 221 Bartlett st.
COOK for Park Hotel cafe, Alameda; refer-
ences required.
| COMPETENT nurse. 2 children. Apply CAT-
TELL3. 625 Eighth St.. Oakland. , -.
WANTED— An apprentice in dressmaking ea-
tabllshment. 132 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
WORKINO housekeeper wanted. Inquire for
CO. BENTLEY. 694 Fourth st.
A CAPABLE woman for chamberworlc: 1 to
6 p. m. dally. 765 Market st., room 8.
FIRST class hand on custom coats. W. T.
ATTINOER. 48 Ellis St.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH offlc* of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscrlpttocs has beea
optned at 100s Market St.. opp«ait* Flft_
Op«ri until 11 p. m.
HELK WAXTED — MALT:.
' AT THE CAL. JIMP. AGENCY.
14 Third St., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 403.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
. U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK..
25 teamsters $U7 50 a month.
15 laborers, $00 a month.
10 drillers, rockmen. haromersmen, $75.
10 tunnelmen. $3 a day. '
GOLD MINE.
4 single and doable hand miners, $3 day.
Mine blacksmith, $3 day.
10 laborers; 8 hours; free fare, $60.
Tunnel foreman. R. R., south. $100 a month
and found.
SAWMILL CTtEW.
Edgerman. $3 25 day.
6 laborers, mill. $35 to $40 and found.
Laborer, city. $2 25 a day.
Screw turner, $55 and board.
- Second trimmer, $40 and board. .
Hoard puller. $45 and board.
5 »ectlon hands, sawmill. $35 and found.
10 lumber pliers. $.15 t» $40 and found.
Wood turner, $3 60 day.
4 hay teamsters. $1 50 a day and board.
Cook, hotel near city, $40 and found.
Baker's belper. city, $40 and found.
WOODS CREW.
2 barkers. $45 and board.
2 wheel teamsters, $C5 a month.
8 woodchopers pine, 4 feet, $1 25 cord.
8 orchard and vineyard hands, Sonoma Coun-
ty. $26 and board.
3 sash and door makers. $2 to $3 day.
SUcker hands. $3 50 day.
8 mlllmen. $3 to $4 day.
6 factory men, steady Job. $2 a day.
10 boiler makers, $3 to $4, board and lodging;
steady Job guaranteed; free fare.
2 men to drive buggies. $2 25 day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 1.4 Third st.
COOK and wife to rent furnished boardlng-
houne- cook and wife, country hotel. $70;- fry
cook. $14 week; 2 shop bakers. $12 week and
$40 month and found; hotel waiter. $30 and
found: dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
i LAUNDRY washer. $50 and board: farmer and
; wife, no • objection to one child. $50 and
found; miner and wife to board men; man
about place, $35 and found; choreman. $20
and found; farmers. $30 and $1 50 day and
found- 2 Jobbing blacksmiths. $2 50 day ana
board' and $3 day; blacksmith helpers and
fioormen, $2 50 day and $30 and board: 3
'teamsters $30 and board; butcher for coun-
try $40 and board; machine men. $3 50 day;
woodturner, $3 50 day. and others. J. P.
¦ CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento at.
LK— CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGENCY.. 633
Washington st.. phone James 3301— Head
lineman, woods, $100 mo.; 6 Scandinavians,
lumber pliers, $2 to $2 50 day; wood turner
for factory. $3 50 day; haymakers, cheap
fare SI 50 day fd.; 12 teamsters, new rail-
road' work, free fare, $2 day; 10 laborers,
near city, you'll suit. $2 day. 8 hours; 3
boys 16 to 18. woolen mills, mule spinners.
$1 50 day to start: old man, help In small
place city, $15 and fd.: 5 young men. sash
; ind door factory. t\. 50 to $2 day: 3 milkers,
country, $30 and $35 and fd.: 15 laborer-
lumber company, north. $40 and fd.: 8
ranch hands, steady Job, C. C. Co.. $32 50
fd • blacksmith's helper, near city. $2 23
day. L. H. CUTTING & CO.
i A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AOENCT.
F M. GUNN, 638 Commercial st.
Phone Main 1191. near Kearny.
Santa Fe Company's own work, free fare In
California, ship dally; 10 laborers, 8 hours
work, this Is your Job. take it. $2 day long
Job and free fare: 20 men to build electric
railroad free fare: saw mills, north, good
wages, "water, climate and company good;
6 woodchoppers. $1 25 cord; see our Monday
ads in daily papers.
J W EUBANKS, the head waiter, pleas* call
at once: Important. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
429 Bush st.
I TWO washers, country. $45-$50. C R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 429 Bush st. ..
ALL-AROUND cook, $60. C. R. HAJJSEN ft
CO., 429 Bush st.
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton st. — Man to
milk two cows, tend to horses and garden
and do chores; $30 and found: must b* clti-
x*n cf the U. 8.; porter family hotel, $25.
Closes noon Decoration Day. •
BUYER and manager for notion and lining
departments of city dry goods store; give-
¦ experience, salary expected, etc. Box 6SS.
Call office. • ¦
BUYER and manager for a silk and dress
goods department of larg* store. - Addrees
stating experience and references, box 6S9.
Call office.
WANTED — A young 1 man as <Jrtr»r of one-
horse wagon for mercantile business; give
your age and what wages you expect. Box
751, Call office. X> -
COACHMAN — Car* of three horses, two cows,
garden work; country: wages $35; give ref-
erences and length of employment. Address
bcx 747. Call \ of flee. ¦ '
VOUNO man who understands stenography to
asslst on books and general office work. Ad-
dress, own writing, box 696, Call office.
BAKER wanted to take charge of small bak-
ery; furnace oven: state experience and
wag«s expected. Address box 786, Call.
AN experienced city salesman for our supply
1 department. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110
Montgomery st. . .
WANTED— Resident managers in S. F., Oak-
land. Berkeley and other ceast dUes: $123
capital necessary. Box 639, Call office.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops in August.
Write E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
etry st., S. F.
SOLICITORS to fell our guaranteed contracts;
commission and salary to producers of
business. 406 Crossley bldg. ¦
A — TEN laborers, city. $2: 20 tunnelmen.
rorth. $2 75 day. C. R. HANSEL St ' CO..
employment agents, 429 Bush st., 642 Clay st.
EXECUTIVE partner -with $600; . permanent
and profitable business; state, age. Box 11SS,
Call office, Oakland.
SUCCESSFUL Insurance salesman wanted for
more desirable work.' Address box 1192, Call
office. Oakland.
WANTED— Hustlers to tack signs, -distribute
circulars, samples, etc.; no canvassing; good
pay. Sun Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
. talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 478, Parrott building. '
r.MIM.OVMKXT \VA>TFO — FRM»I,R. \
AMVOMAS Tr.-ir.ts worV. liy th# <I«y. wn^hlns. i
lronlns an'i p«-n«-ral Ji<ni«'-'*lrarir>s: -M -5 a
day cntl c.-.r fare. Box 734. Call.
COllI'KTnNT n<:rM> WpttSem ensag-rocnt«; ron-
nnem't cr fcaTaUds; cfcerrnit, ¦ patnttakins;
____¦ : nodctKta ierosK i;iU£.KING.!»17 Ct-ary.
BCEXXnES l»flr?.ei tsrerie»« would like
prsJU-m: acx-ur;:te ami <julrk at figures. Box
MS_ CaU office.
WOilAN v.iih'P rH_-.tkr.i to assist in houee-
v>f-;j in cl;j or count! j-: rt-icreuces. Dox 700,
. _ O: 11 t If.co. ¦ **t .. '•¦' :¦•--.;---'-< j
SCOTCH woman WaBta situation; cood cook.
bakn s:.d 5aun<*r<~»f*: i'r<-r, home: references.
Ad-l:crs Cock, Ucs KJ3, C_M office.
r.nsrnCTArLTI v.-omr.n with boy wishes |
housekeeper** j-I.icf or «wk for men; roun-
_try. ,_Ury MUi:. MILE?. fCT. Howaid s=t. f
AT.TI.~TIC <a-es.Trial.-er -n-oald »V* engagements j
by til- «l?y. Jl r>'»; perfect fit Euarar.teed.
A<JJ:-e«« Je:'.:tor. C Eddy i«t. '
V CJUGIIT ffirl. 13 years. \»..u'.d like to mind j
« t)-.fcy. SK) mcath; .sleep home. CaU 50,
-.::ih rt ' :::a: :. J '' :ic<k - j
,I?OrSCKCI_PEB-S pcfition (ranted by refined >
ycui:s vc-:na- xri'.h a rh!M 7 years eld: beet
cf nsemoea given. Box "34, Call office. 1
A TJITLTABLn woirin would *ro 10 the country '
or t!i* «=pr!njr« w!jh a fam'.iy cr a rick per- j
Box US, Call cfSee. -. j
SCHOOLTEACHER. 7 yoar*" experience, j
wijiica « poslUon !n a ttm tr office; Is a
gcoa rcr.man. Box IS, 1CCS Market st. ;
A. COMPETENT woman f.is-hf-s position to !
take care of an invalid: no objection to man
ur ivcman. Bcx'2CS. Call office.
ELDEHLT Gp— nan lady wants position as
houfx-keexwr for cn« or two prnts. Addrees
MRS. T. n., box llSO. Call office. Oakland.
EXPEKT stenographer. Spsnirh nnd English, I
wants better position; Job work or pupils; '
bort referenceti. .Bcx 773. Call. .j
A RELIABLE young girl woulJ give her ser-
rtp»« taornin*:* and evenincs for u home in a
family. Apply Associated Charities.
SITUATION »antfd as bookkeeper cr assist-
_r.t ia office. Addrtis J. C, box 303,
Berkeley.
A COMPETENT your.g woman wishes cookin_
and housework; watts moderate. Box C<7,
CaU ofnc*.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more engagements by the (Say; terms reason-
able. Box 425, CaJI.
COLORED woman wants ladies' Trashir.c to
tRke home; £o»* fir»t-c!«s work. Ca'.l :S19H j
OTarrell st., rear. ;
A F1RST-CLA&? dressmaker wlehes work by !
th* rtay or at home; 12 and loach. t'7D
Pearl st.. between Market, Valencia and 13th.
A GOOD TaunfireM wants washing and ironing
or c!ea_-.ir.g to do by the day. Ca'.l or ad-
dress Laar.4r»si«. C5S Mission »t.
A TOUNG women with references wants house-
c!*ar;r.*r to <So by the day: $1 50 and carfare.
MRS. MAXWELL, 76& McAllister st.
TOL'N'O Gerraaa woman wants housecleaclng
to co: SI day. MRS. V., 8 P.ltch St.. off Fol-
som. near Third, In rear.
TVAJrrnD — Sewing by the day or at home;
<".r*s?— akjng and plain wcrk. Phone Scott, i
1224.
A MIDDLE- AGED woman wishes place with
a email family at light hourewcrk. Inquire
at j.v 4 Stockton st.
OPERATOR. experienced. woman, wishes ;
wcrk by the day. Address box 6. 100S Mar- '
ket St.
'SITUATION »-anted — Woman with one rhild
¦rants position as housekeeper. WRIGHT,
SOS Eddy st. i
REFINED lady wishes situation as house- '
kec-jK-r In private family. Address 2177 Call ,
Branch. 2200 Fillmore St.
PTTVATION wanted by a German girl to '
care for children: wages reasonable. Ad- |
dtvM 217* CaJl Branch. 2200 Fillmore st. i
YOUNG la.3y wiehei a po» ! U°n a * bookkeep- I
er in J"tore or bu»in»ss housp; beFt of refer- •
ences. Bex 1191, Call office. Oakland.
WOMAN wants position as cook and down- J
•tair* work; irood cook. Address 1014 Web- \
Bter f=t.. Oakland.
WANTED — Fituat!on. by competent woman, to |
<io general houcework. in Oakland. Apply i
K1S Kintfa Ft., Oakland.
FIRFT-CLASS p'.ar.ist wishes jvwUion to play !
st houfft, dances, etc. Box 78>. Call.
GIRL wants jofiticn In candy store. Box 7CC,
Call office.
HOUSEWORK by the day cr any kind of light !
wrk. Box 73P. Call. j
•WOMAN wants sewing to do by the day. 24 |
Silver st.
POSITION as nursery governess. Apply 500
Haker st.
A • STRONG young woman wlshe* house and
window cleaning; Jl 50 day. Box 701. Call.
WANTED — Position as demonstrator; city, or
will cravel. Box 706, Call office.
LADV wants to do washing by the day. Box
775, Call office.
REFINED woman wants work as lunch
Waitres*. Box 9112. Call office.
SITUATION wanted at nursing. 40 Chesley st.
WOMAN wants wcrk bv the day, washing,
cleaning, etc. 1316 Ehotwell tt.
CRESSES made from $10 up; perfect fit guar-
anteed. 387 Turk Bt. j
FTENOGIIAPHER. employed, wants outside i
work. Room 0. Cth floor. Mills building.
WOMAN want* dressmaking by da}-. $1 00.
21 Shtnnan st.
PLAIN sewing taken at home. 2t Camp Bt., !
bet. 16Us and 17th. j
¦ i
_______ ¦. . • :
VTORK by day, 11 50. 65 Langton street.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Address f
box 627. Call office. j
WANTED — A position to care for home during i
summer months; references. Box 768, Call, j
WOMAN wants work by day doing washing or
houaecleaclng, 11 50 a day. 4C9B Minna st. i
A LADY wishes dreesmaking at home. Call *
Iboi Taylor st. i
WOMAN wants work by the day wishing,
ironlrg, cleaning. 156 Clementina ft. :
LADV barber would Uke steady position. Ad- j
drese 204 Ellis m. ,
A WOMAN ».- r;t day work. 73 u, Natoma St.
YQL'XU lady would like to learn dressmaking.
Box fi54. call office.
SITUATION at nurse. Box 653. Call office.
SITUATION as nurse girl. Box C52. Call
office.
POSITION as servant. Box C52. Call office.
A TOL'NG woman wants a Job as housekeejier.
Addrra box 7J.S, Call office.
A GOOD ho«»l cook de*ir«-s situation: city or
country; $S5. Adress box C74, Call office. '
OIlIJERJi taken for Hattenbers work; parties
well e«w-rlenc*<!. 4R7 Van Nee« ave.
GOOD woman wishes situation as laundress.
1L23 Laruca st
GIRL wants houkewcrk. Apply 1311 Mont- "
grow cry st.
WANTED — Warning and Ironinff to <3o. MRS. •
T. J<- CREKLl'. 114B Ele\-enth *t. «
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or
. _ouftelear.:nr. Call 157 Tchnmt. st.
EXPERIENCED nun* pirl wishes position to
tan; fur children. Call Tuesday, 14G1 Page ft.
A FWUmsiI i.lri wants position as laundress ! '
In a. jn1\_t* lamlly. Apply C78 Harrison *t., I
off Third. • |
rjRfc'T-CLAfcS luundrcrs would like fine wash- ]
ing to do At home. Phone Page 1167.
POSITION ?is working housekeeper; widow. .
AtWrers MILLER. 484 Turk et. j
CASH «irl wishes a situaticn. 74C Naples st, .
LA UV «i>h«-» l>— in sewing. MRS. G. R., 10M
Ml«lcn «t.
LADV manicurist want* position *'.n barber j
efcep. Box VO, 100S Market st. j "
WANTED— Work by the day; «1.60. C3 ! .
Langton St. . , j j
TOUNG lady wishes situation as bookkeeper.
Bcx 04. 1008 Market *t.
WOMAN, wants mending- to do by the day.
S0G4A Bryant st.
EXJ'ERIENCED ralrslady wishes position. ]
Arply at 1751 Klfteentfc St.
GERMAN lady wishes to .take care of invalid; •
city or country. Box 40!>. Call. i
I'OFITION'as cook In small hotel or restaurant.
1002 Mission st. .
, i
POSITION as waitress, small restaurant art-
xemd. Box 1189, Call office. Oakland.
r.MrLOYMRXT WANTICn — FKMALK.
DRESSMAKER wishes wcrk by the day Box
liay. Call office, Oakland.
WASTED — By a lady without incumbrance, a
prsttion n» housekeeper to elderly couple or
tvidim-er; would take position in a store. Ad-
diT*s MRS. R. HEESE Dimond P. O..
Fr_itv8ie.
DRESSMAKING in families' by an experi-
enced dreffcrnaker on ladles' and children's
fuits; Jl 40 per day; reference. Box 'J73,
Call office.
A LADY of refinement would care for children
?•veninss or by the hour during absence o"
parents; city or environs; references. MRS. 1
C. 22.*a Dana st.. Berkeley. |
A GERMAN woman with a child, ffood cook,
wants work, country. 324 Mason et.; phone
Black 239C. j
A LADY v.-ould like to care for house during |
nbsence of owner. Address MRS. C, 2233
Dana st.. Berkeley. I
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day, house j
cleaning or laundry work. 204 Lily ave. ;
TWO Scandinavian girls that speak no English •
tvieh positions ta do housework. 418 Ky av*. j
LADY wishes work, any kind; Bhort hours;
references. Address box l>0. IOCS Market St.
SITUATION wanted by Swedish lady ns
housekeeper. 231 Etever.son st.
WANT add and lubscrlptions taken for Tb«
CaU at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at I
Call Brunch office, cor. Duncan & Church at*, j
EMPLOYME-NT WASTED — MAI.B. j
CLUB STEWARD.
Position as 6teward of club wanted by an .
lCngllshman cf all around experience; first- j
flaws r?comn-.endatluns. Address bcx 031,
Call office.
A— BUTLER—
Young enenretle man. 2S, trustworthy, best |
references, wants position with family will- :
ing to give little instruction In butler's I
duties; low wages In consideration of above.
Box 4 IT, Cafl office.
ELECTRICIAN, man well advanced in math-
ematics, theory and modern applications of I
electricity, wishes place where he may get I
experience in electrical work; wapes of minor !
importance to opportunity; age 28; with I
present employers 3 years. Box 7S3, CalL
A- MECHANICAL draughtsman of long experi-
ence in designing gas.- gasoline, distillate and
oil eriKfnes and machinery of all kinds, can
superintend the manufacture of same. Box
C05. Call office. "
BOOKEEPEP. — Young man. ate 21 years, self
made, fair education, graduate of San Fran-
olseo Buvinecs Crllejre. derirps permanent
position with reliable firm. Uox WS, Call.
FRENCH couple, middle-aged, recently arrived
from Paris; man a waiter cr housework; j
wife a first-class cook; references; wish situ-
ations; city or country. Box O6. Call.
MIDDLE- AGED man. -honest, steady, tem-
perate, good driver and house man, wants
work; ranch or stable; references. Box 707.
Call office.
A YOUNG man. speaking German, honest and
¦ Industrious, wishes a position as grocery
salesman; best city references; must have
wcrk at once. Box JHJ2; Call.
ALL-ROUND laundryman, at present em-
ployed, desires position to take charge of
institution laundry. Address A. M. C, 304B
Seventh st.
ALL around hotel man wishes a steady, po-
Fitlon as clerk or porter at a resort; best
references. Address box 1190, Call office,
Oakland.
DRAUGHTSMAN wants position; several years'
mechanical and electrical experience; will ]
do evening work at home. Address box 932,
Call office.
AN experienced colored porter wishes posi-
tion in flrvt-clafs barber 6hop or building;
reference from present employer. DENNIS,
1022 Jackson et.
A POSITION as designer and solicitor for ad-
vertisements by younc married man: news-
I'aper rref erred; references given. Box 695,
Call of ace. •
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller: mining stationary; marine work;
wants position or work at home. Box CO",
Call office.
YOUNG man. experienced In wagon and car-
riage material, also heavy hardware, woulu
Uke to have a position with a wholesale firm.
Box 415. Call.
ELDERLY, handy German wants steady em-
ployment on suburban residence; etc.; car-
pentering preferred; tools on hand. Address
••Reliable." box 650. Call office.
A YOUNG man. strong and reliable, experi-
enced in general work about wholesale house,
wishes a position; good references. Box 475
Call office.
YOI'NG man. good character, want* position
with hardware firm; references. Box 742,
Call office.
AN expert varnlsher and polisher In all kinds
of hardwood finish wants work by the Job;
estimates given. Box 725, Call office.
ELDERLY carpenter wants work; city or
country; finishing or rough; terms reasonable.
Box 714, Call.
A TOUNG man with 3 years' experience as
carpenter helper wants work in city. Box
718. Call office. ¦
ELDERLY man wants a situation as porter.
Janitor, watchman, elevator, anything; good
accountant, legible writer, etc. Box 709, Call.
WANTED— By a young married man; position
as head JenHor or sren^ral repairer; 0 years'
references. J. B., 304 Seventh Bt.
A MAN of coed addrees looks for a situation
as dishwanher In a home kitchen. Addrees
GEOrtGE BALSEU, iZA Commercial st.
OLD German carpenter cabinetmaker wants I
work by day for small wages. Addrees C.
HANSEN. 701 Mission St.
YOUNG Frenchman withes situation as third
cook; no objection to short distance In the
country. Addrees box 614, CaU office.
WANTED — Employment as Janitor by young
«rnan; 2 yean* experience; best of references.
•tiox 744. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER whose time is not fully occu-
pled wants two or three small sets of book?
to keep. Box 732. Call.
HANDY man; private place, or assistant to
f-nplneer; Al references; city. F. C. HAZEN
247 Thirteenth et.. city. " !
A GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer will !
work by the day or week; phene Folsom 183.
223 Eleventh »t. - s
PARISIAN young man. good education, desires
place as second butler; speaks English fairly
Address box COS, Call office.
YOUNG man wants to do table work at tum-
mer resort: can take care of horses. Box
620. Call office.
WANTED— For a boy of 17. with considerable '
mechanical ability, a position in an electri- I
cal shop. Bcx 08$, Call office.
A GARDENER, who can milk, tend horses,
etc.. wishes steady place. Address B.,
phone Main 1304.
WANTED — Position as teacher of piano In pri-
vate family; two y<"ars" *-jtDerience; $2 per
Ieeson. Box €81, Call office.
DRUGGIST; licentiate relief clerk; several
days open; city or country. HARRIS, 923%
Mission St., San Francisco.
YOUNG roan wishes position with an en-
gineering supply house; can give best of ref-
erences; age IS. Box C51, Call.
IOUXO man, experienced on the road, would
like position In a mercantile house as trav-
eler. Box C75, Call.
GOOD blacksmith wants situation as tool-
drester In machine shop, stone yard or mine.
Address A. II.. box C4A, Call office.
STEADY, reliable man wishes employment
or any kind; understands horsrs; good driver.
Address 174 Fourth St., room 30.
HOUSE and window cleaning, lawns, garden-
ing, any kind of work by experienced man;
$1 per day. Address H. Williams, 205 2d st.
MIDDLE-AGED handy man wishes position In
, chop, mill or factory; no objections to coun-
try. Box 659, Call .office.
SVANTED — By an elderly man. 'work around a
*aloon; understands the business; small
wage?. Box 412. Call office.
MAN (35) wants Job driving 1 or 2 horses, or
any outdoor work; reasonable wages: steady.
Address ICC Eleventh st.
PAINTER and paper hanger with tools wants
work, city or country. 36 Mary st. or box
«01, Call office. '
SOBER, Industrious man would like a position
of any kind; city or country. 388 Devlsa-
dero st.
BRIGHT boy of 16. residing with parents,
wishes to work in wholesale house or to
learn a good trade. Box 424, Call office.
SVANTED^ — Situation by experienced dry
roods Talesman; best of references. Ad-
dress 2179 Call Branch. - 2200 Fillmore st. .
iVANTED— Portion, city salesman,' to 'call' on
retail grocers; long experience; best refer-
ences. Address bcx 11S7, Call office, S. JT.
OPEX TO-DAY.
SUNDAY. 8 TO 12 A. M.
A— MURRAY .t READY, «K>4 and (138 day st,
Leading Employment and Labor Agmts.
10U6 We Cav« * 1904WeHopeta
CO, W0 Men Work. Increase 60.C00.
FHONfJ MAIN 3343.
WE SPEAK '
SPANISH SWISS FRENCH
GERMAN GP_EEK ITALIAN
Your Fare Free. Look — Fre« Fare.
TO STATE OF NEVADA.
If you stay four months. THAT3 AI_C_
IV S. OOVERXMENT WORK.
2C3 two-hor;e teamsters. $GO.
15ti laborers, you'll suit, $6o,
'j:> driller!", rockmen. hammirsmen, $73. «?Sh
Eight hcurs' work dally, hundreds going. •
CS header men, $73.
14 laborers, mix concrete. $73.
GREAT LUMBER TRUST.
20 laborers. It's up to you, $60.
.13 Swedes. Norwegians. Danes. $33 fouasV
• 16 laborer*, good Job. $43 round.
MINES.
13 machine drillers. $00.
15 single and double hand drillers, $32 5O.$73.
TEAMSTERS— LABORERS.
IS laborer?, fare ;{Qc, $'J0.
12 scraper teamsters, city, $97 30.
14 single, and double hand driUers.ctty,$67 BO.
13 scraper teamsters, fare. 13c. $67 SO.
24 ranch teamsters, everywhere. $30, $40 fd.
Teamster, haul freight mountains, 2 hones
$50.
MILKERS — CHOREMEM. '
CS milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30 t»
$40 found.
20 choremen and boys $30, $13 found.
» sheepherders. fare $1 50. $30 found.
Chicken man, ship eggs, faro $1 23, $30 ti.
Gardener, lumber company, boss her*. $-40.
CONVEYANCE DRIVERS. CITY.
25 men. you can drive a rtz. $60. - - -
Conveyance drivers— That's you, $1 fe*.
LV- CALIFORNIA— H HOURS.
15 laborers, free fare. $tSO.
$1 FEE— STEADY JOB— $1 FEE.
CITY— STABLEMEN— COUNTRY.
38 hostlers and good all-round hands, $73, -
$eo. $50, $40, $33 and found, good Jobs for'
steady men.
COMMERCIAL SYNDICATE.
23 men. no knowledge necessary $<HX
Fee $1 — Nothing — $1 Fee. -
CALIFOUN I A' 9* HARVEST.
196 hay and harvest hands, 1 1 50 to J2 50 fd.
ALL OVER THE STATE.
GOOD VINEYARD FARM HANDS.
B4 good steady places, $20, $30, $33 50 aad fdL
GET A PERMANENT JOB NDW.
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, far* $1 25, boss h*r*. $30
to $05 and found.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 73. boss her*. $40
and found.
Farmer and wife, far* $3, Monterey. $43 ft.
TRADESMEN.
12 carpenters, fart Cue. $3 SO day.
Foreman carpenter, fare $1. $4 day.
2 lathers, city. $U 50 per' M.
« saah and door hands, lumber company. W
to tl 6O day.
Blacksmith, lumber co.. boss here, $90 found.
IS blacksmiths, different places. $3. $3 30 day.
Foreman molder, iron worker, $4 to $3 day.
2 painters, paperhangers, city, $3 day. -
Tinsmith, factory, fare 10c. $3 day.
6 carriage* painters, $12 to $13 week.
BOILERMAKERS.
19 bollermakers. $3 6O to $4 day. .»<•
Time and half overtime, fre* fare, steady Jo*
Weavers on blankets. :
Machinist roller grinder, far* 60o.
Edgerman. L. Co.. boss here, $50 found.
2 brick loaders, country, 23c M.
Screw turners, edgerman, hook tenders.
Logger, understands rigging, L. Co.. $60 23.
12 shingle packers, cutoff sawyer.
Molder and sticker hand.
Carriage painter and sticker hand, $4 day.
Wheelwright, 5Oc fare, steady Job, $3O fd.
Painter, carriare works, fare $1. $5O fd.
Wheelwright, wheel machine, far* $1. $3.
12 coopers, slack work, call very early.
2 cornice men, edgermen, $45 fd.
Screw turner, $75; furnace laborer, $49 ti.
Bench hand, planing mill, fare $1, $3 day.
WOODCHOPPERS.
19Q woodchoppers, everywhere In the SUta.
Logger, Dolbeer lor*lng donkey, $75 found.
HOTELS.
15 butchers, different places. $50 to $40 f*L
10 cooks, different places, $80 to $35 fd.
12 waiters, different places. $40 to $30 fd.
16 dishwashers, different places. Job $30' t»
Iwond" cook. $43. 8 bellboys.
LAUNDRY.
1*5 Iaundrymen. good places, different Jobs,.
«R0, S73.
Roustabout, springs, $30.
Vegetable gardener. $30 fd.
BAKERS.
3 third hands. 2 second hands, 8 helpers*
Best places at MURRAY & READY.
Highest was^ 634-636 Clay st.
TALL thin man.
Very short fat man.
To walk thn streets in advertlslngeostoin*.
. MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
FARMER and wife. Ala. Co.. fare 60o. $30 fd.
3 boiler-makers' helpers, free fare, 13o ta
25c hour f (1. » • ¦ ¦ ' '
Carpenter, Alameda County. $3 day.
. Edgerman. lumber co.. fare $X *73 fa.
Setter, lumber co.. far* $3, $E3 fd.
Tinner, city Job. $3 day.
Poultrymaa for largo vineyard. $30 fd.
Young man. drive bakery wagon, 80c fax*.
$30 found.
16 teamsters, city. Jobs. $2 day.
4 laborers lumber co.. fare $3. $o3 fa.
Young man. butcher shop, 10c fare, $10 wfc
Bakfr's helper, city Job. $30 fd.
MURRAY 4 READY. 6S4-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE.
23 laborers, you'll suit.
Foreman, sawmill, north, $40 fd.
Young man. drive milk wagon, $29 fd.
Plumber, city Job. $4 day.
Wagon-maker, Modoc Co.. fair paid, $3 day.
Turner, factory, fare 10c. $3 day.
Floor man and blacksmith's helper, $3 day.
2 edgermen, sawmill co.. fare $1 60. $45 fa.
Sack sewer for harvest field. $2 23 day fd.
Cake baker, fare $1 «>. $50 f J.
Walter, camp, fare $1 33. $30 fd.
Short order lunch counter cook, $40 fd. .
5 Italian laborers, factory, near city, $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-633 Clay st.
„ TWO carpenters who can do som* calking 1 ,
dredger company's own yard, good wagws,
near city; 3 laborers. 8 hours, near city,
free fare $2: 6 boys for factory, north. Ap-
ply at 642. Commercial st., between 10 and
12 m. to-day, Sunday.
WANTED— Office boy. TOM RYAN, 810 Pln«
st.. room 14; call early.
AN advertising solicitor on hlgh-clas* propo-
sition; references-. Box 719. Call office.
WANTED— A boy. Apply City of Hamburg,
California Market. Monday, p. in. ,
WANTED — Boy with reforences. Addres* bos
62S, Call office.
DETECTIVES everywhere: good salary: no t»-
perience. U.S.DetectiveAgcy..MilwaoJ.*a .Tffla.
BOY wanted to learn machinist trade. , £M
Fremont st. ' • • -—^
YOUNG Japanese for housecleaalnc 2M Na-
toma st.
GOOD barber wanted for about a week. 208)_
East st.. north.
SOLICITOR and salesman at once. Mutual
Investment Co., 467 Parrott bldy. -
WANTED — Coos:. 213 Stevenson st.
WANTED — Sailors and ordinary seaman for ail
parts of Europe. LANE'S. 604 Ds.rU St.
SALESMAN; city and country; references ra-
quir*d; salary. Box 649, C— U.
BLACKSMITH and shoer for ranch; $W aad
board. 610 Clay st. •
GOOD carriage painters. Apply O'BRIEN *
SON. Polk st and Oolden Oat* a—*.
BOY wanted. 18 Third st. ;
BARBER wanted at Crockar buildinr. tMrt
floor.
WANTED — Pen and Ink artist; good oa fig-
ures. Box 660. Call office.
BRIGHT dot. 17. law office; small wage*;
ref. 1213 Call building. Tuesday. 11 and 12.
COOK for Park Hotel cafe, Alaxaeda; refer-
ences required.
PORTER at 20 Taylor st.
BARBER shop- for sal* on account of other
business. Apply 1SS3 Mission st.
F1RST-CLAS3 candymaker. 1109 Howard st.
UNCLE 8AM wants help; 14,000 appointments
1903; free exam, paper & catalocue giving-
positions and salaries. Dept-C.WesternCorresp.
University. 925 Golden Oata ave.. 3an Fran.
SALESMEN wanted to sell nursery stock:
. cash advanced weekly; write Immediately for
territory before It Is all assigned. CHICO
NURSERY CO., Chlco. Cal. .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
' that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, hx*
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Howe,
217 Third »t. : 27.0 rooms: 25c to 50c per Bight.
FURNITURE salesman wanted: on* well post-
ed in second-hand Roods: willing tn work;
no others* need apply. H. SC11ELLHAA3.
Eleventh «t.. Oakland. .
BARBEB, shop: .1 chairs, bath and bootblack
stand- also household effect!": good business;
In lively mtnlna town; cheap rent; snajx
Box 3. PlacervUle., Cal.
FOR sale — Barber shot>, 2 ¦ chair*. In lively
country town; rent ?lt>; «!e«rs $20 per week.
Box «M. Cal!. - '
SOBER German, steady, re's.", handy; tend bar
wine house: married preferred. Box 038 Call.
ror Additional Classified Ad.vertl9«n«aia
Se.3raff.4i
j EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE. 1
"WANTED — Position as manager of ranch; 1
I thirty years' experience. Box 1195,' Call of- i
flee. Oakland. : . >
EXPERIENCED coatmaker wants work. Bos I
1,'Mi, Call office^ j
: RELIABLE man wants situation; bill clerk. !
I Box 0S1. Call. "
WOULD like wcrk as porter. Apply CAR.L
MACKERT. Prescott House.
I WANTED— Position as porter. Box 9S3, Call. I
i WOULD like work as gardener. Apply DAVE
I DOYLE. 110 Silver st. '
POSITION as errand boy. 1310 McAllister st.
i AD writer (experienced) desires position. - Box
j S227. Call office.
! BOY wants position in office. Box 796. Call.
j WANTED— Position as gardener. Box 800,
! Call office. ¦ '
¦ GOOD eauEace maker would llko to work In
I city. Box 792, Call office.
WANTED— 1'osltion as clerk. Address box
701. Call office. • ¦
WANTED — A position as companion to gen-
tlemen. . 2112 Sacramento *t. - .
WOULD like work as bartender. 115014 Fol-
som St.. HARRY HAYES.
I WOULD like a position as clerk. Apply
ROBERT CRISTY. SO Post st.
j YOUNG man wishes any kind of work. Ad-
dress A. FLANDERS. 725 Brannan St.
i 8ITUATION wanted as porter in saloon. Ap-
ply OTTO WILT, 15 Third st.
WANTED— Position by first class barkeeper.
Box 103. 1008 Market st.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wants situation In
summer resort. Box 104, 1008 Market gt.
POSITION as floor-walker; references. Box
to, 1003 Market St. '
MAN wants situation as porter, city or coun-
: try. Address Box 88, 1008 Market st.
STRONG boy wants situation in butcher shop.
Address box 85, 1008 Market 8t. _ ¦
BOY wishes to run errands or help In store;
age 14 years. 112 Perry st. ,
j MACHINIST wants position with dredging
! machinery. Box 734, Call.
i BOY wants position as bellboy. J. R., 906
Market Bt. :
POSITION wanted In summer resort by first-
class barkeeper. Box 89, 10OS Market St.
SITUATION wanted as errand boy after school
hours. 36 Mary st.. or box 741. Call office.
WANTED — A position as clerk in paint stor*.
Box 722. Call.
WANTED — By steady, sober man, position as
Janitor. Box 713, Call^ ¦ -
\ WANTED— Situation by young man in whole-
sale houce; steady and reliable. Box 779, Call.
POSITION wanted as porter in hotel. Box
7S2. Call office. '
SITUATION by Eastern linotype operator; non-
union. Box 721, Call.
WANTED— A Job at any kind of hard work.
Add rets box 7S5. Call office.
WANTED — A Job as porter in saloon by young
man. Box 78 i. Call.
GOOD camp cook wants place. S. MORTON,
162 Fifth st.
AN elderly man wishes a position In a store
to do any kind of work. Address 726 Vallejo.
A FURNITURE packer wants ,a position. 845
Elm ave.
A YOUNG man would like to secure a position
j in a wholesale house. Apply 749 Folsom st.
WANTED — To do painting by the day. Apply
26 West Mission, st.
MAN wants paper hanging by the day. 1606
¦ Mission st.
CRACKER baker wants to take charge of shop.
Apply 1319 Montgomery et.
MAN wants work in wholesale house. .-100
Eleventh st.
A STEADY man wants work. Apply 100 Elev-
enth st. "'
WANTED — By reliable man. position aa bar-
tender. GEORGE MCDONALD. lOO Eleventh.
YOUNG man wants Job as bill poster. Apply
1619 Mission st. •
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Apply
100 Eleventh st.
STEAM fitter wants steady work. Apply 1309
Larkln st. . • .
BOY wishes a Job to run errands. 1616 Flf-*
teenth ave. south.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook; city
or country- Address 1020 Oak st. -
YOUNG man wants position as porter. Apply
820 McAllister St.
MACHINIST and draftsman desires j work.
Box 411. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as electrician, by man
of experience. J. C. M.. box 407, Call office.
BARKEEPER wants position; good references.
T. W. DAY, 600 Bush st.
LUNCH counter man wants work. C. COP-
LEY. 413 Kearny st.
MAN wants work to do by the day. Ill
Silver st.
RESPONSIBLE party wishes position as night
watchman; offices. Box 05, 1008 Market st.
SITUATION wanted as salesman for groceries.
Box 14. 1008 .\tnrket Et.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife on
ranch. TURNER, 218 Leavenworth st.
I AN elderly man would like to get a place as
! watchman. J. COSTE. 636 Commercial st.
A YOUNG dental student desires work. Ad-
dress W. C. P.. box 996. Call.
YOUNG man wants a porter's Job. Address
324 Elsie gt. ,
WANTED— A position by young man; any
kind of work. Box 710. Call.
BARKEEPER wants position; either city or
country. T. W. DAY, 500 Bush st.
POSITION as collector. Box 707, Call.
I A GERMAN boy wants work of any kind.
i Apply 1SS Fourth st.
POSITION as porter in wholesale house. Ad-
dre«» box 7T8, Call office.
PORTKn would like position, either In saloon
. or hotel. T. W. DAY. 600 Bush st.
A POSITION wanted as errand boy. Apply
S44B Howard st. ¦ '
WANTED — Situation as gardener; 12 years'
experience. Box 991, Call office. '
WANTED — Position as clerk In office. Address
J. A., 37C Capp et.
MAN wants to work In stable. TOM SLOAN,
1913 Po-t at.
WANTED--Posltlon as _toc«t clerk or handy
man about place. Box 987, Call office.
WANTED — Position as grocery clerk or handy
man abcut place. Box 987, Call office. ./
ELEVATOR operator wants place. E. 8IM-
i MONS. 8C1 Market st.
I .
WANTED— Job as bridge carpenter. Address
box 710. Call office. " • .
WANTED— Place as hostler In stable. BILL,*
box 739, Call office.
WANTED— Poeltion as bartender. Box 7C5,
Call office. ¦¦¦-¦-¦:.-
"WANTED — A position as elevator boy. Ad-
dreas box 764, Call office.
BOY wants Job in wholesale house; has good
references. Apply at 820 Sixth st.
WANTED— Position as errand boy. Address
. box 733, gall office.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan buildings,
wants work. Box 772, Call office.
BARTENDER wants situation. Box 762. Call.
WANTED — A position as teamster. • Box 731,
Call. . - ¦•
WANTED — Position an porter.' Box 730. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as delivery driver.
Box' 735, Call. ¦¦¦... .¦. ¦
AN experienced • stenographer wishes position
In commercial house. Box 727. - Call. '
POSITION wanted as gardener. Box 726, Call.'
BOY wishes position In law office. Address
box 736, Call. ¦ ¦ - - .
FIRST-CLASS union carpenter wishes work In
. store. Address 469A : Minna st.." ¦."•¦
YOUNG man would like Job on delivery wagon-
references. Address box 606, Call office. s
A GOOD painter,' paperhanger and tlnter wants
work; phone Cnurch 2958. Box 623, , Call. .
WANTED — A position as errand boy. ' Address
box C28, Call office. .
A YOUNG man of ' good . character would like
position as driver of delivery wagon; refer-
ences. Box 997. Call. -THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , .SUNDAY, MAY r 20, 1904.
42
ROOMS VOTt. HOUSEKEEPING — Con. j
MISSION, 2562— Nicely furnished room in 1 ,
private family. |
NINTH, 155—_ large sunny furnished house- I
keeping rooms; gas ran«e; no other roomers. |
OAK, 10 — One large room, furnished complete
for housekeeping, with 'gas stove.
OAK. 10 — _ ri'oai!', torni>!ei? icr housekteylng: '
u.«e of ;i!ann. '
OAK, 117. anU o'iS M-rAIH.-ter— Hoorns comp:et«.
far housekeeping. $~- n :;.!.>: sjs range; hot [
Lath; adults.
OAK, 50S) — Two r.eY/fy famished rooms or ™ ,
housekeeping ruorr^ to let lor 3> months; ,
rent reafonablc. '
OAK, 900, corner Pierce — :; sunny, lovely house- ; •
keeping rooirs: all conveniences. ••
OAK, 15-9, on Panhandle — 2 or .1 sunny house- .
keeping rooms; bath and laundry. I
OCEAN Beach. Carville — 2 large room-, com- !
plete. $12; separ. entrance. Inq. 515B Taylor.
O'FARRELL. a_4— Newly furnished rooms. 1, [
2 or 3; Just opened; very reasonable. '.
O'FARRELL 776. bet. Hyde and Larkln— 2 I
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; $16. :
O'FARRELL. 1395 — Nicely furnished sunny ;
front housekeeping suite; $16. . j
POLK 612— $14; bedroom, kitchen, gas 'stove. !
bath'; large front suite, housekeeping: reaa. i
POLK, 634, cor. Eddy— Housekeeping rooms
and others: us« of kitchen If desired: reas.
POLK. 1402— Sunny housekeeping rooms; gas
and bath free; reasonable.
SAN JOSE ave.. 337A— Large sunny well fur-
nished room; use of bath and kitchen; In
nice flat; coal and gas stove; $9; a nice
home to the right party.
SECOND. 62— Furnished rooms to let.
SIXTH. 303— Large front and back room with
kitchen, for housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK. 80— New housekeeping rooms.
STEVENSON. 400— Furnished rogrn. ,
STAFFORD. 222 Powell— Furnished rooms for
housekeeping or otherwise; telephone, bath.
BUTTER. 8C9— Nlcely~furnTshed~rooms; light
housekeeping.
SUTTER, S95. cor. Leavenworth — 2 very de-
sirable front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SUTTER. 1105 — Large, furnished rear room;
convenient light housekeeping; $9.
SUTTER, 2170—2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms;
housekeeping; bath and phone; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 31U — Two front rooms fully equipped
for housekeeping; private family; $4 25 per
week. I ,
TAYLOR. 604, corner near Geary — l-room suit, j
nicely furnished, .housekeeping; all •ulslde
rooms; also siqgle rooms, cheap. :
TAYLOR, 911 — Suite furnished; gas range; ¦
$12 50; 2 attic, gas range, $9; 1 room $7.50.
TEHAMA, 478. near Sixth— 3 sunny, furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; $12; no
children.
TFHAMA, 742. near Ninth — 3 nice sunny fur-
nished housekpg rooms; large yard; $3 week. ]
THIRD, 87 — Furnished rooms.
TURK, 803 — Nicely furnished alcove suite and
kitchen; running water, gas, bath and phone.
TURK. 816 — Parlor floor for housekeeping; also
single rooms for gentleman.
TWELFTH. 145— Nicely furnished rocms for
housekeeping.
VALENCIA. 822—2 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas, electric light, running water. |
VALENCIA. 837A— 2 large sunny unfurnished |
rooms for housekeeping; also one furnished.
VAN NESS ave., 706 — Front basement suite of j
n room?, complete fcr housekeeping. |_2. ;
3 ROOMS, furnished for housekeeping; central;
sonny; $18. Box 094, call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ac
Call branch office, cor. Duncaa tt Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has be«a
opened at 1008 Market, it., opposite FlfttL i
Or*n until 11 p. m. {
-UARTatEgrr aopsra. *
EL DRISCO APARTMENTS. •
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND BRODERICK ST.:
3. 4 AND 5 ROOMS, FURNISHED OR UN-
FURNISHED; COMMANDS AN EXCEL-
LENT VIEW OF THE ENTIRE CITY,
OCEAN AND BAY; YOUR INSPECTION
SOLICITED. MRS. N. FOSTER. LESSEE. |
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS. i
I0S4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms _nd
Lath each: all unfurnished; $-7 00 to $10.
Make reservations now.
ST.CECILE. 115 Fell.above Van Ness are.— The
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments, with private baths.
Fteam heat, electric light.elevatcr. gas ranges;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 f0. $50. $55.
BT. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-3
rooms; furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. Ea.t 1350. !
AFAKTMENT3 WANTED,
4 -ROOM apartment wanted, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. Address box 163.
Call- office.
APARTMENT house of 4 rooms wanted in de- I
slrahle lucality; furnished. Box 617. Call. j
FURNISHED apartment of 3 rooms wanted;
*tate rent. Box 719, Call office.
WANTED — .1-room apartment, unfurnished.
Box ISO. Call office.
WANTED — An apartment of 3 furnished rooms
for housekeeping. Box 153, Call office.
ItOO'.IH T<> f.KT— Ftirn. Nad Infirn.
HOTEL REX.
242 TUKK ST.. SAN FRANCISCO. *
PHONE PRIV. EX. 6G0.
NEW FIRE-PROOF BUILDING,
15.8 ROOMS; .ELEGANTLY FUR-
NISHED SUNNY SUITS. WITH
PRIVATE BATH: ALSO SINGLE
ROOMS: THOROUGHLY MOD-
ERN AND UP TO DATE: TELE-
PHONES IN ALL ROOMS: ELEC-
TRIC LIGHTS; STEAM HEAT.
ELEVATOR SERVICE DAY AND NIGHT.
SPECIAL RATES TO TOURISTS
AND X TRAVELING SALESMEN.
A^ THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
- THE AUDITOniUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
116 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; ".'» SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 DO TO $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
WATEK DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
ASHWORTH HOTEL,
320 Mason St.. bet. Geary and OFarrelU
Rooms with cr without private bath.
New addition Just completed: entire house
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth St. — Room*
25c to $1 p«r night. «1 25 to $5 per week and
" light housekeeping rocms: open all night
AT "The AlEiont*." 873 Market »t. (or No. t
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1. $1 50 night.
$1 60 to $10 we»k: house open all night.
A*\VELL-FURNISHED room or suite: refined
family; excellent board; central. F.ox 771.
Call office.
AVERT, 20. off C.eary. near Fillmore — Sunny I
parlor In new flat, $8. _ ;
BUCHANAN. 13_8-»Wanted. a joung man to
occupy email room; cheap rent.
BURNETT. 1420~Market (cU No. l.;«D— Fu'-
r.lshed rooms, suite, single: «!«o unfurnished.
BUSH, 502 — Newly furnished rooms: suite or!
single; with or without boar.: reasonable.
BUSH. 819— Room to rent*
CLAY. 11C5 — Furr.Ishei rocms with a Spanish
family.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elec.iaUy
furnished sunny rconn: prt'-e» r^a«. npMg
CLIPPER. 514, mer DtaroMid — _ lar_e fur- !
nished rooms; klt-.-han: bath: laundry: cheap.
DEVISADI3RO. __13 — Furnished front bay-
window suite: _lii<» slr.xlj xxni; private fam-
j ily: references.
DIAMOND. S10, near Twentjr-fourtS— Fur-
nlflieil recn % *.
¦ . * • - -
EDDY. 31S — One nunny front room far rent.
EI>£>Y. C-X — Nice- sunny front room.
EIGHTH, 10Vi — Large front room; also bed-
! ¦ roctii an. kitchen.
ELLIS, 120— A vandell; furnished rooms; good*
location; reasonable; week Cr month. A.
I MARTY.
HOP5ES TO LET. l
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. IL UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
CAPP, 778 — Modern eunny house of 8 rooms
and basement; a larre yard, lawn and faw-
ers; must be seen to be appreciated.
C ROOMS and bath: two-story bay-window
house; earden and laundry; rent reduced to
$30. Apply 1_24 Filbert tt^ .
COZY residence. 101S Post. Larkln. P»4k: 11 r..
bath, garden; rear en.; cays pass; call 12 to 1
ELIZABETH. 727— Ten rooms and b»th; con-
venient to two car lines; rent $25.
HANDSOME modern corner house. W rooms,
bath, basement and heater., 42S gaker «t.
HOUSE on Powell st.. near Post: c«n be al-
tered for store. Inquire 223 Sutter tt.
7-ROOM bouse; every room sunny. 0620 Fol-
som st.
HOtTSES AND FLATS TO -SBT.
A FEW CHOICE HOUSES AND FaATS TO
LET. '
$S5— Van Nets ave.. nr. Broadway; residence
of 10 rooms and bath; remodeled.
$55 — Ashbury. nr. Frederick: 8-rooO and 2-
t_ith residence.
$55-$G5 — The Parkhurst, corner Fell and
Shrader: 7-room aportments; beautlf-J.
$35-$52 60— Halght and Clayton etc ; 7-room
Cats; sunny; pretty; servant's room.
$10— Union, nr. -telper; lowe*r; 8 I3)m» and
bath; marine view.
i $30-$10— Eddy, nr, Scott; pretty iroup; 5
1 end 6 rooms and bath: corner.
; $25-$35— Pine St.. nr,. Lyon; very pretty j 8
1 and 6 rooms and bath.
JS5— Sutter, cor. Flllmore; 6 rooms :tnd bath.
$35— Union, nr. Buchanan; middle: I r. ft b.
$30— California, nr. Lyon; upper; 6 r. and b.
$25 — Arhbury, nr. Waller; upper; 5 r. and b.
J40— Church, nr. 16th; 7 r. and b.f upper.
$22 50— 15th, nr. .Valencia; lower; £ r. & b.
$n5— Frederick, nr. Clayton; iwf^ 6-rocm
Cots; make effer.
$.5-575 — Oak. nr. Masonio ave. ; swell; 4 to
9 rooms and bath. . .
$."0 — Jones, nr. Washington I 9 rooir.s and
bath- upper flat.
$_7 50— Post. nr. Buchanan: -well fiata, 7
rocms and bath.
$37 50-$42 60— Bush. ar. Webster; 8 nrell 6-
room fiat;*,
$17 60 — ICth. nr. Howard: upper; 6 r. and b.
$42 50 — Sacramento, nr. Maple; upper; 7
rooms and bath.
$42 6O— Mapl», nr. Sacramento; lower: 7
rooms and bath.
$40— Golden Gate are., corner Pierce; middle;
7 rooms and baih.
J40— 67 Scott St., nr. Waller: upper: 7 r. & b.
$35 — Larkin. nr. Jackeon; middle: 7 r. A b.
$35— 25th, nt. Guerrero; 2 flats. 7 r. and b.
$30-$32 60— Llthgow; 4-room apartments;
eunny; pretty.
$33— Green, nr. Van Ness ave.; lower flat,
7 rooms and bath.
Large list of smaller bouses and flats and
all kinds of properties at office. Call on
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
IIOliSBR TO LKT Kt ; R*-MIKD.
ELEGANTLY furnished 10-room house to rent
for length of time; near Presidio; magnifi-
cent marine view; new; two- baths; two ser-
vants' rooms. Box 609, Call office.
BARGAIN— $475; 8-room house; finely furn.:
suitable for roomers or home. 1301 Gough st.
gQTTSXS rTONISgED— S^BTrHBAN.
FOR rent— In Mill Valley, a beautiful home
of 8 rooms and bath; all furnished; large
grounds fruit trees and a stable. LYON
& HOAG. 116 Montgomery st,
HOUSE of 7 rooms; bath; furnished;
plane; large ya'd: stable ;\or 2 or 3 mot.
Fruitvai* ave. and School St., Fruitvale.
IIOL'SES TO LET — SlBinDAJT.
AT B*n Lomond: from July 1; two furnished
cottages of 3 p.nd 4 rooms; electric llgnis.
AddrvFS A. BJOLSTAD. 130 Sansome, S. F.
HOUSES WASTED.
RESPONSIBLE party wishes to take charge of
residence while owner is away. 911 Bush Ft.
-tAU-._NQ WANTED.
WASTED — Light hauling for 3 or 4 wholesale
houses by person with newly fitted up ex-
press wagon. Address W. H. SHERMAN,
«46 Foleom st.
IXVESTMEXTS.
SAFE INVESTMENT.
PROFITABLE INVESTMENT.
We will now sell at par <?10 per share)
treasDry stock in a manufacturing company
that will t>ay dividends of over 20 per cent per
annum and advance rapidly in value. Call
| nnd get the names of some of best business
men in city who are stockholders and from
whom you can learn for yourself. PACIFIC
; COAST TRUST COMPANY, 708 Market St..
rooms 604-605.
MIXING, oil. industrial stocks for sale — 10,000
Pan Calietano M. & S.. »ic; 5000 Princog.
Maude. 4c; 60 Marconi. $3 75; 5000 Elkhorn
Oil, 7 He and hundreds of other similar
COWPER-THWA1TE, Investment Broker,
; Stockton, Cal.
i GOOD Investment — A limited number of shares
at 25c per share: this etock will be worth
one dollar ($1) per share witntn a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crossley building, S. F.
Z-AUBCBJ-S FOB MllfE. •
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel Bush 531.
! J. Mlchaelis Launch Co.,Unlon-st. wharf; boat-
ing & excursions. 6 Steuart st. : tel. John 2&S6.
LOST AAD POUND.
LOST — Wednesday afternoon at Key route
j depot or on way to Berkeley, a lady's gold
watch: old-fashioned case, key winder. Re-
turn to MAUVAIS' Music Store. 933 Mar-
ket ..st., and get reward.
LOST — At the Columbia Theater, Saturday,
two pair of opera glasses in hand bag. Lib-
eral reward If returned, 2519 Sacramento St.
LOST — Gold locket, round, raised head; re-
ward. ' F. A. B., department of electricity.
City Hall court.
LOST — Diamond, 1% carat, stud, setting with-
out coll; liberal reward. E. 8. BERKELEY.
675 Birch it. /-
STRAYED— 2 black and white heifers; re-
ward. Peralta Dairy, Hopkins St., Berke-
ley.
LOST — Brown wat»r spaniel. If found return
to 204 Dolores st.: reward.
LOST — Fox terrier; license 1555; reward. 102
Powell et.
LOST— A gold-link bracelet, set with Irregular
pearlc; liberal reward. Cashier, 205 Sansome.
t LOST — A passbook with the. ITibernia Savings
j and Loan fiocl'ty of San' Francisco In the
i name of NELLIE F. COOK; No. 199-1424.
1 The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On 8 p. m. steamer Piedmont from 8.
F.,handb«g containing Geneva gold watch and
other articles. Finder returning same to 1318
Market St.. Oakland, will receive reward.
IIRDICAL-
A— DR. SYLVESTER," 219 Kearny st
SPECIALIST FOR WOMEN. -
18 years' experience without a failure.
Ladies suffering from Irregularities or any
ailment cecullar to women aave time and
money by con_ultlng me first. My method of
treatment Is ONLY CERTAIN and HARM-
LESS cure KNOWN to medical Fdence. and
I POSITIVELY GUARANTEE IMMEDIATE
RELIEF from irregularities from whatever
cause or MAKE NO CHARGE. If others fall
to cure you come to me at once. ONE VISIT
WILL BE SUFFICIENT and I will help you.
Advice free. Interviews strictly private. AH
letters answered truthfully CUT THIS OUT.
Hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. Open Sundays.
LADIES" irregularities cured; 18 v years" ex. •
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES dr Firing safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years', experience in all. fe-
male dlsordere; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8. /
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 8-6 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularltiec; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008 V, Market St., opp. tth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 B0 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, - Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market •_
FEMALE Irregularities cured - in three days;
Instant relief in painful menstruation: $1 per
bottle; $1 25 by express. Century Remedy
Co.. 405 Montgomery ' st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 6: 25 yra.,exper.
LADIES — Kumround: safe., sure,, never' falls;
$2. Gleaion-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st., corner
2-tn; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
b________-R__________w__— __s__w_____B« KB—fiSS
MEDICAL— Continued.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having' secured leas* of
premises, in permanently located at 611A
Leavenworth at., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market
LADIES— Our monthly regulator never falls;
1 box free. VITA CO.. Station A. Detroit. Mich.
MATERNITY^ Villa — Secluded; confidential.
DR. EMILIA FUNKE. 1416 8th St.. Alameda.
YOU can obtain relief; wpmen only. DR. R.
/ H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
MATBIMOWIA-..
GENTLEMAN of means and good business,
temperate and refined, wishes to fenn the ac-
quaintance of young lady under 21, with
view to matrimony if suited; this ad Is from
a Etrictly honorable young man and none but
respectable lady would interest writer: give
full particulars to first letter. *Box 703. Call.
GENTLEMAN, 35 year* old, having an es-
tablished business, would like to meet lady
with business ability and means; object
matrimony if agreeable. Box j 619, Call.
AN ex-;oldler with a pension, also has prop
erty that brings in good Income, would like
to meet a kind and home loving lady; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 748, Call office.
A HOME loving and refined gentleman, good
appearance, kind disposition, wishes to meet
a lady of refinement and educated; object
matrimony. Box 167. Call office.
WIDOW, S5. having a good home, but is lone-
some, would like to correspond with a
kind and elderly gentleman; object matri-
mony. Box 781, Call office^ *
BACHELOR of 60. refined and educated, good
health, has an Independent Income, would like
to- corrtspond with lady; -Object zrfatrimony.
Box 196. Call office.
A PROFESSIONAL gentleman with means and
a good income desires to correspond with lady
with surne means; object matrimony. Box
602. Call office. . '
"WIDOWER 41. no lneumbrancej a good posi-
tion at a fine salary and has a good home for
n kind and loving wife. Address box 1SS,
Call office. •' •
UADT well educated, some means, seeks ac-
quaintance with refined gentleman; object
matrimony. Box C34. Call office.
WIDOWER, 85, wishes to correspond with eli-
gible lady: must possess means; object mat-
rimony. Box 676, Call office.
A GENTLEMAN wishes to correspond with a
lady, kind and good housekeeper; object mat-
rimony. Box 704, Call office.
A YOUNG contractor wishes to meet a respect-
able working girl; object, matrimony. Box
665. Call office.
GENTLEMAN. S3, desires to make acquaint-
ance widow; object matrimony. Box 699,
Call office.
LAND owner seeks marriage to lady of means
to build up their Income. Box C46. Call.
MUTES ACT MININO.
ONE-FOURTH Interest in mine; $360 a ton;
6-foot ledge; for $2500. Box 734. Call office.
M1SCKLLA.NI-OUS FOR SALB,
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale, cheap — Bar fixtures, consisting of
sideboard with complete fittings; especially
suitable for club or hotel use; solid oak, old
English finish; also one National cash reg-
ister, nearly new. Apply to A. L. FOSTER,
261 Geary st.
STANDARD oil rig. fully equipped, and 1RO0
feet of casing, 11% in. to T% in.; also 1500
feet of 8 and 6 inch drive pipe. Apply fcr
particulars GAFFEY & MAHON, 605 Cali-
fornia st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte: in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron thi or shir.glen; best . for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; Fee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
FOR $700 will sell patent right in Eureka (Per-
fection) steam cocker for entire State of
Florida. Address O. T.. P. O. box 17$. Berke-
ley. Cal.
A— FINE suits. $7 60; dress paints. $2 60. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny St..
near Uu»h; open to 9 p. ra., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler?, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton Bt.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton Et.,
upstairs.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Arbe»tos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel Main 1423. ',
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $150.
Popular Price Hatter, S30 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. ra.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's eboes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dia-
monds bought; send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office, 617 Washington st.
FOR sale — Horizontal bar uprights and guy
ropes complete; cheap. 1370 Eleventh ave..
Sunset district. ¦ .
DIAMOND ring over .1% karats without blem-
ish. $300; value $500; no dealers. Addre;s
owner, box 774, Call.
PRINTING office, quarter! medium Gordon
press type, cases, Btone, furniture, leads,
rules, etc.; cheap. 1400 San Bruno ave.
ARK for rent; 6 rooms. Apply to J. GRUHN
24 SanFome.Ft.. or on Sundays, Ark "Felly,
Greenbrae (Tiburon ferry). •
23 HORSEPOWER gasoline engine. $625; with
crude oil attachment, $725. Call or address
Acme P.etort Co.. 321 Mission st.
INVENTION models, special tools, punches and
dies: small articles manufactured at Novelty
Machine Works, 278 Jessie St.. near Fourth.
CHICKENS — A few Mlnorcas and White Leg-
horn cockerels cheap. CHARLES' M.
SHUTE, Dlmond. ,
LARGEST runts, best hen pigeons. Glenmore
Pigeon Loft, Elmhurst..
EELGIAN hares, extra fine breed, for sale.
- 2S03 Kelsey St., head of Stuart, Berkeley.
AUTOMOBILE — Two-ppeed gear: In good con-
dition. C. A. JAQUITH, gen. del.. Oakland.
MOVING picture machine, films, etc.: cheap.
Address box 1197, Call office, Oakland.
GAS engines: 6 hp. Bay City Iron Works,
Oakland.
HORSES bought, sold and exchanged..' 1319
' Mission st.
PARROTS for sale; price reasonable. 467
Clementina «t. ¦ j 1 ;
ELASTIC stocking. $2. Factory. 40 Ellis st.
2-BURNER blueflame oil rtove. cost $12. sell
: for $2 60; good order. 619% Hatght St., rear.
MUSCOVY ducks, bantams and eggs for hatch-
ing; Ancora rabbits. 2705 Howard st.
COLLIE puppies, full pedigree; ten weeks old,
3440 Clay W.; phone West 408.
SAND blast for sale. W. McDERMOTT. 318
j Uurh st. -
•FOR sale — Elegant OO-light electric bath cab-
t inet; rensonable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis.
FOR sale-i-Phonograph; ojgt $120; make an
offer. Box 170, Call office.
FOR sale — A fine St. Bernard dog; registered.
Box 1C2, Call office.. ;.:",.:
! FOR sale — Fresh milk cow. 409 Clipper st.,
near Castro.
A PLATING outfit from Gray & Co., Cincin-
nati, cheap. Box 621, Call office. .
DUE bill on first-class piano house at 40 per
cent discount. Box 780. Call. • '
1 A SECOND-HAND bicycle for sale cheap Ap-
: ply 478 Tehama st., Sunday.
i FOR sale— Fresh milch cow. Apply 4547
Eighteenth st. .- . V
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
| TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 858.
I PIGEONS— All the leading varieties; stamp for
j catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllister st.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonojrraph Agency. Peter Bacigalupi,
moved to 7S0 Mission st. . ¦„
SECOND-HAND safes. $55;JS0-inch desk, $27.
RICHARD8OX BROS., SUTMarket tt.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
! new;.16xl6. 319 Third st,; tel. Main 413. -
1ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & . CO.. 110 Montg'y.
qr:_p WAXTEP—M .*.I,K— -Contln n»a.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCT.
nr. THIRD ST. Telephone Main tuzi
foreman, pipe line, 53—5.
Foreman -umpcar b^ek. $~. _ ,
Hammermen, tunnel. $2 6J and $* ••'. *™«
fare; new layout; ship Sunday morning.
Cook camp, near city. $40,
Good number. $3 00. fare r«Oc .
Al laundryman. country hotel $60 an4 fa.
8 miners, quicksilver. $1 75 and found.
Houseman, country hotel. $25 and torn*.
Wan and wife for orchard. $40 and *<>?*>*¦
iUn to drive woman to help around house,
laborers. 52.' fi rmuro. fare 10c. _
Laborer? north. $2 25; a years work.
Laborers" and teamster-. $2. rree fare.
Laborers lor Quarry. $2. fare $1 €3.
Laborers for pipe line, eouth. $2
>t_nch hand?, north. »1 60 and torxni.
Cabinet-makers and bench hands. $3 60.
Flicker hand S4; steady ,1o_.
Men to cut 4 -ft. pine. $1 60 corfl
tVooachoppers. fhingle bolus, »1 80 corO.
" Teamsters and Uborers Nevada, $2 25, $2.
IIORP & SMITH.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCT
C02CLAY PT PHONE JAMES 247C.
OPEN TO-DAT <SUXT»aT) 8 TO 12.
2 carpenters, near city. $3 50 day.
, Carriage painter country. $3 60 day.
r. laborers, steam shovel. $2 25 day.
_ hay bends and harvest. $1 60 day an. bd.
sticker hand. $4 flay.
Other work on our bulletin boards.
C02 CLAY ST. C02 CLAY BT.
CVANTED — An energetic man wttb mercantile
experience to manage an established business
In Sacramento on talary: flrst-claes reference
required. Address box 414. Call office.
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: edy
eight weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; (pedal
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER STSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15.000
appointments last year; examination* so-jn:
thousands appointed were prepared by the
-Catlonal Correspondence Institute. Washing-
ton. D. C Write for circular J 1. giving
list ef position*, ralartes. examinations, sam-
ple quer tiona, etc.. t<$ our Pacific Coast office,
t»57 Market rt.. San Francisco. Cal.
tTNCLE SAM wants help: examinations for
custoin-house positions will be held In July:
apply fer our free catalogue gi\-lng particu-
lars raclflc Correspondence Institute. Grant
bldg.. corner Market and Seventh tts.
WANTED— Three first-class carriage blsck-
emlths end three first -clars body makers:
•rood wages and steady employment to right
parties Arriy A. MEISTER 4 SONS CO..
Sacramento, Cal.
GOVERNMENT petitions — Call at 825 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free Information s*
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc; day
cr evenings.
i ; —
COATMAKER and pautsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st,
WANTED— Six firM -class trunkmakers; steady
work. Address Box 799. Call office.
IWANTED — Finrt-clsfw bartender; best refer-
ences required; big wages. Palace ef Art.
¦ 16 Po-t -t.
HEX tnd women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Western College of
Barbers. 647 Commercial st.
TRY our men's ehoes. union made, at $1 an4
f 1 60 pair; foct-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
*xpr-cs or mail charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
BARBERS'" S-chalr shop. $100; part cash; rent,
$7. S2 Hunt ft., off Third.
BARBER shop for «=ale: clears $25 a week:
eickness cause of sale. 3147 Twenty-fourth st.
TOUNG man to Wrn t>ar_er trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard Ft.
FAILORS and your.g men (green hands) for
fhlr*- HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
Per.eion Atty.. E. A. Built*, r.40. Phelsn bldg.
Past Com. G*o. EL Thomas Post. G. A. It.
FINE 3-chair barber Fhop: doing good bu»l-
neyg; centrally located. > Box 9S3. Call office.
FAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart et.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket— 7(K> rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and. baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of ad\-ertisements and subscription* ha* been
n_»ned at 1"OS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, eubscriptions received at
Call branch of flce.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL Fires men'F Fhoee, Flightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission Ft., bet. let and 2d sts.
GET your *hoes half-FoIed while waiting: 25c
to nor. 563 Mission Ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP ¦WAIITED— SALESMEN.
WANTEl»--!falfs>m<'n who can sell "Blue Sky";
bewitching, enticing, winning: merchants buy
quick; make money; are eatl»fled; commis-
sion: cipfnwf advanced to those with buc-
<»>si>!ul record: new; $400 weekly being made.
Dept. K». P. O. box 528. Chicaro. 111.
WANTED — By established house, experienced
•nlesman for California; good pay and per-
manent to right man. Drawer S, Chicago.
EELP WASTED — BOIiZC-TOSS.
GOOD talkers, hard workers and solicitor-
looking for a future. Bo_ IZK», Call.
" UOUSI-S AAD WAGO.VJ.
KENTUCKY GAITED SADDLE HORSES.
Several fine saddle horses from the Ameri-
can Saddle Horse lirwding Farm of San
Pifgo are now en exhibition and for tale at
the stablrs of the Fan Francisco Riding Club,
Seventh ave. and C ft., Richmond.
¦ LOOK out for the big auction sale of 165 head
of choice young horses and mam on Tuesday,
May 31. at 11 o'clock, at J. B. Horan's eale-
ysrde. corner Tenth and Bryant ete. E.
WATKINS. Auctioneer.
FOR £_!« — Pacing mare. $175; 7 year. old. very
fast; gentle In every re-pect; rafe for wo-
man to drive: will go double. For particu-
lars address box DCO. Call.
AUCTION eale every Tuesday: horses, wag-
on*. Furreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
114<» Folsom tt. «
EAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
s*Fs!on b»gln« June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 610 Golden Gate ave.
SADDLE pony for boy; will drive also. At
Leipsic ranch. lS-Mlle House, take Fan Mi-
teo electric cars.
NICE young black roadster: piano-box buggy,
rteel tires and harc***: $200. 460 Guerrero
ft. Phone Mis-Ion 327. .; '.¦-;.:
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stsbles. l!)0 Stevenson, 8. F.
TEN fine camping wagons, Furreye and rubber-
tire buggieF; new and old; cheap. 1504 Fol-
sotn st. *
FOR i>ale — Good family buggy, borse: also de-
Hvrry noire s^id buggy. 1824 University
ave., Hcrkeley.
FOR sale — Two second-hand platform spring
wagons and one truck. 233 Beale at.
LIGHT wagon. $_5; cart with box. suitable for
camping; buggy, low wheels. 2728 Bryant.
FINE-LOOKING buggy horse, about S year*
old; good trotter. J. STRAUB, C30 Market.
FECOND-HAND camping wagon. E43 Howard
street.
WANTED — To buy a light buggy in good run-
nlng order. Box 3709. Call office.
GOOD Frcon<!-han<l pxprens wagon 0 ft. 2-ln.
tx-d. WHITE Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post.
A BOKREL horse for eale; brcke single. Boi
1CS. Call office.
BAY mare for sale; a good stylish driver; gen-
tle; 6 years old. Box 190, Call office.
CAMPING wagon to let, cheap. 1421 Buchan-
an Ftr«>«t.
CAMP wagons to let. with tents, cooking
utrnslls. etc.. complete. £020 Polk Ft.
FOR sale— A bay horse, sound and gentle, C
years old. Dox C03. Call office.
HORSE, rfark brown. etyllFh • and sound, 1
years old fcr sale. Box 705. Call office. -.
WANTED — A saddle horse for lady to ride.
nu% 0«6. Call office.
I-'Ort sale — Fine large gentle driving mare, 4
years old. A. C. S.. 412 Liberty st.
FIRST class 2d hand express wagon with top.
Inquire N. BULLERDIECK. 1654 Mission.
COUPE — Almost new; also 16% sound sorrw]
horse; separate: reasonable. 314 Scott st.
FOR eale — Good spring wagon; $30. At 3066
Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— A cood workhorse; cheap. -7 Ryar
avenue, .
XEW end s*cond-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1C15 Market et.. cm*. Franklin.
LIGHT surrey; good order; cheap. 2955 Sacra
mento at.
HORSES, or all rr»a»» bought, sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. CS Hermann tt.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, bar
m-fs. work nnd driving horseg/ 15th- Valencia
, CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekh
•""•It. 1« pages. **nt to any addr^M »n tb«
| United States or Canada on* jtax tar $_>
A. B. : BARNES. MEDICAL DIRECTOR. ">\
L. I. MATHER. Secretary.
WILLOW BARK SANITARIUM
(Incorporated).
Treat all liquor, and drug addictions
'__ " by the best known methods.
We do not agree to effect a cure in three
days. By giving a systematic treatment we
build up the system, while effecting the cure,
by which we naturally obtain the best results.
We, do not claim to perform miracles.
BUT DO CLAIM TO CURE.
We have a beautiful and well-furnisheM home
for all private patients. Call or write for
booklet. Address for particulars^ —
812 Shotwell st., near Twenty- second.
Tel White 3601. San Francisco, Cal.
SOUTHERN lady, widow, middle-aged; lost all
property; best family; educated, accom-
plished, refined, musical, healthy.X lively,
sweet tempered; expert writer; willing to
work, but wearying for a home, would Ilka
to correspond with gentleman of some means,
between the ages of 45 and 75, matrimonially
Inclined; promises good comradeship and
pleasant, sunshiny home. Address MRS.
LOTTIE G. SPENCER. P. O. box 740, Au-
gusta, Ga.
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A wrinkled
face positively restored to its former contour;
simpie. harmless, scientific method shown on
the llvlrg face; permanency guaranteed. Call
or write fon book. "Hints on Beauty," free.
M. ELLA HARRIS. 781 O'Farrell St.
TO my patrons and the public: I have secured
the services of an Eastern dermatologist, a
college graduate; also the agency for the most
perfect massage device on the market.^JII83
MORRIS, room 47, 121 Poet st. Agents
wanted.
FRENCH imperllage mattress and cushion
maker will make over all kinds of mattresses
and cushions equal to new at your residence;
notify by mail. D. ADLER, residence 731
Linden -treet. Oakland, Cal.
A NEW METHOD,— Your bust positively devM-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic,
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER,
637 Bush st.. apt. 300; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept.no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 13.18 I'olk
RAG carort! wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs; silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rate?;. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood <-tfectlng
ckln. mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness drains, varlcocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 60 postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary, S.F.
FEMALE Irregularities cured In three days:
instant relief in painful menstruation: $1
per 'octy*: $1 25 by express. Century Rem-
edy Co., 405 Montgomery st.
OLD carpets of all kinds woven Into beautiful
and durable rugs; any size desired. Phone
Red 7122. The Oakland Fluff Rug Factory,
S62 Market St.. Oakland. Cal. :¦
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
O. B. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell at.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St..
between 8eventh and Eighth.
AT lets than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair ft moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mw.D-.A.W.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 fa
Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 723 Markej.
Artlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. S6» Sut-
ter. r. 609. Mis* Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1. at all druggists'.
A WEEK'i-3 news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
l$4>ages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BUSINESS PE_tSO_TAI.S.
FRECKLES removed by Comb's lotion; manu-
facturer. 524 Thirty-first St., Oakland; drug-
glsts eell it. /
PALJIIftTHY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 4U0 Geary st. ; phone Green 39.
MME. DEVAS, palmist and astrologer: read-
. ings $1 ; hours 10 to ft. Ltebes bid?., 139 Post.
MME. NEERGARD, located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
II. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAIITXKI-5 WASTED.
WANTED — Partner for old-established busl-
neys. 625 Sansome st. •
PATEKTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
PUYSICIAXS AND ,8LR<iEO.\«.
DTL~c7~C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 U Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor;
treats all dl.e-ses of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tat herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs nnd teas. 727 Washington »t.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
ROOMS FOR HO|iSKKKKHX(J.
BRYANT, 618 — 4 sunny, unfurnished rooms;
large yard; rent $10. _, ¦
CHURCH. 15.11, near- Twenty-seventh — Fine
nunny 4* rooms, bath and trays:, near 2 cars;
healthy location; partly furnished if neces-
aary. ¦
CLEMENTINA, 372 — Housekeeping rooms to
let, cheap; no children,
EDDY. 457— Housekeeping rooms; sunny > fur-
nished suite.
ELEVENTH, IOC— Two large 6unny front
bay-window connecting rooms; gas stove.
ELLIS, 110S — Sunny alcove suite for house-
keeping; bath, phone, laundry, etc.; sunny
bedroom suite for 2 or more gentlemen: reas.
FILLMORE, «1.". cor. Fell — Overlooking entire
city and bay; finest suite In town; more room
if desirable; modern; sunny; Just completed;
reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 527—2 nice sunny fur-
nished- front rooms for housekeeping; rent
reascnable. ¦ t
', GOLDKN GATE ave., 63.1 — 1 large front room
for housekeeping; also one, $S, ditto.
GCLDEN GATE ave., 1523, near Scott— Floor
of 3 r or 4 rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping; >rent reasonable.
HAWTHORNE, IS, off Howard, near Third—
2 large sunny rooms; yard, running water;
*2 60 Der week.
HOWARD* 829 — 2 large tunny rooms .for
housekeeping, with sink and running water;
suitable for man and wife. -*
HOWARD,, 10C0 — _ sunny rooms for house-
keeping, cheap.
1 HOWARD. 1130— Newly furnished houseke'p-
Ing rooms; also single rooms.
JACK-ON. 1516 — Sunny front rooms, com-
plete- for hskpg. ; refs. phone Polk 1875.
(JESSIE. 323 — Larse sunny room, furnished
houiekpg. ; »lnk; $."! week; other rooms cheap.
j KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. . 1340 Pine—
I Eunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
]¦ ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
! LARKIN. 32G, corner Golden Gate ave. — Fur-
ninhr-d sunny; central; bath, closets; phone;
' running water; reasonable.
LARKIN. 812B — Newly furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; cheapest in, the city.
¦LARKIN. 817%— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed; gas stove; reasonable.
MARKET. 1032 — Two housekeeping rooms; gas
-and* coal stove, and other rooms.
MARKET, 2098 — Two large, sunny, well fur-
nished front rooms for. housekeeping; ?19. •
MCALLISTER, 107l — .'I sunny furnished con-
.r.ectlng; complete; kitchen, buth, all ccn-
. • venlences ; reasonable.
" MISSION,' 1349— 2 ! " titinny connecting back
rooms, closet, coal utove, . sink: $1!) month.
' MISSION,': 154" — Housekeeping room with use
i of; kitchen and bath; $12.
; MISSION. 17.'K< — Sunny /front suite, complete
-for housekeeping; gas stove.bath; prtvatc;$14.
. MISSION, 1 21H.1— 4 largo, ' sunny, connecting
• rooms, •; furnished for housekeeping.
MISSION, 2502— Furnished room with or with-
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Untarn.
ELLIS. 3_2. Palmetto — Housekeeping and
room* slnele or en suite; baths.
ELIZABETH. 624. near Castro — 3 sunny fur-
nUhed rooms, bath, \coal and gas stove.
FIFTH ave. S.. 11^9 — Nice, furnished sunny
room to let. .
FIFTH. 144— For rent; nice bay-window front
rooms; reasonable.
FILLMORJ-, 17-2 — To let, furnished room;
cunnr. •
FOLSOM. 525 — Sunny single furnished room;
$tl monthly^ _____
FOLSO.M. 813— Finely furnished front room;
\ery reasonable: s«e this. ¦'' "2
FOLSOM. S34— Sunny rooms; gas and bath.
FOLSOM. 12fi6 — Nice sunny front room; bath
and gas; $« _ month.
FOURTEENTH. 84. nr. Folsom — Sunny fur-
nished front room; bath; reasonable.
FRANKLIX. 2™». near Hay-s— Front room,
with gas stove and folding bed; $10-
FRANKLIN. 4_1 — Nicely furnished front room,
for 1 or _ Remit men; reasonable rent.
FRANKLIN. 721— Sunny furnished front
room; all conveniences; $7.
FULTON, 27— Nicely furnished room for two
gentlemen. ; : /• ¦ ." *
FULTON, 322— Nicely furnished rooms'; mod-
ern flat: rent reasonable. _r«-*ii
FURNISHED rooms to let by the day. week ay
month. Apply 7-9 Folsom st^
GEARY. 441 — Furnished room- to let -
G^LlDENn3ATE^ve^~ll_o^-— Two furnish--
¦rooms. $8 and $3.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33<s
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to tt wk.; reading-room.
GUERRERO. 204 — Large front room; elegantly
furnished ; piano; snap.
HARRISON. 784%. near Fourth— Finely tar-
nished sunny rooms; bath; bocislUs; fl
week up.
HARRISON, S23B — Large sunny, newly fur-
nished front room: new fiat: bay-window.
HARRISON. 830^4. near Fourth— Nicely fur-
nished cozy room for working man; $3 month,
HAYES. 87»— Furnished room to tot. '
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellls^ — Elegaatly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
HOWARD. 1971— Two large light rooms; newiX
furnished; private family; rent reasonable.
HYDE. Blf>— Nicely furnished rooma.
JESSIE. 174— Furnished rooms.
JESSIE, 337 — Furnished rooms to- let.
JESSIE. 3e3. east U. S. Mint— Furnished rooaj
$6 per month. _
JESSIE, 365— Single room for gentleman; $113
week.
JESSIE. 367, near Fifth — Furnished front
room; $7 t>?r' month.
JESSIE, '360, near Emporium — Furnished
rooms, $5 per month and up>.
JESSIE. CU5 — Two rooms furnished complet*
fur housekeeping; gas.
JONES, 610 — Sunny front rocm: running water,
folding b»d; gentlemen preferred; private.
KEARNY. 215— Furnished rooms by the day.
week or month; reasonable rates.
LEAVENWORTH. 720 (near Sutter)— Large
| sunny front room; running water, closet.
I MARKET. 1K54 — Furnished rooms to let.
' MASON. 1527— To let; a nice sunny room, with
i or withcut bath; reference* required.
I MCALLISTER, SiV- Sunny bay-window front
room; well furnished; gas. water, central;
also similar adjoining room.
MISSION. fcoSH — One front room and one bed-
room tt> let; "German family^
MISSION. 9I3!_. upper bell — Nice large fur-
I nish?U. rooms.
MISSION. 1022— Large front room to let; _ult-
-able for two aentlemen^
MISSION. 10S0 — Furnished rooms to rent.
MISSION. 1523U — Furnished remans to let.
i MISSION. 2245 — 2 sunny rooms; use of bat_
! and phone.
! MISSION. 25C2— One or two furnished rooms In
private family.
NATOMA, 4'JOV. — A nice sunny room for gen-
tleman:" private family.
NATOMA, 615 — Nice eunny room for gentle-
man.
NICELY furnished rooms with or without
board: private family. Box 4C8. Call office.
O'FARRELL. 1520. near Buchanar* — One lares,
newly furnished room, suitable for two; hot
and cold water, bath; private family; $9 per
month.
PAGE. 20— Two neat rooms for working girl*
j or 2 gentlemen; $5 and $ti; bath.
PA3E 27S — 3 rooms, bath and gas; complete);
; $--.' ,
! PINE, 1076 — Large, pleasant, furnished room
' with running water; suttable for two.
I"OLK. 917 — Larse sunny alcove room, for X or
_ gentlemen.
POST. "888. near Hyde^ — Large furnished front
room; bath: gas: for 1 or 2 gents.
POST, 726 — Single, also connecting- rooms; g_a
range, laundry, sink, back yard.
POWELL. 50C— A nice place to rooa.
POWELL. 50C — Nice room for gentleman.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor- rooms ner night. 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $S- month. $S to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rocms with hot and cold water; baths.
RUSS. 41 — O.ie furnished room to let.
SEVENTH. 1»1— Call: nice eunny housekeep-
ing rocirs. \
SIXTH, 118 — Saratoga: furnished rooms, siagls
or en' suite; reasonable.
SIXTH, l-'{2 (Nevada) — Furnished rooms; day.
week or month: call and see us.
SIXTH 13<; — Furnished rooms: location cen-
tral; 'charzes reasonable: cars pass door.
SIXTEENTH. 2822 — Sunny furnished room for
me or two.
STEVENSON. 215— Furnished room for tw*.
STEVENSON. 250 — Furnished rooms.
ST. THOMAS. K-TO Market St., opposite Em-
pcrlum; elegantly furnished rooms and
suites; rrlces reasonable. — '
SUTTER. 2143 — Private; no sign; large new
medern sunny room; gas, electric; good horns
cooking: refs. ; free phone. West 8Cf>.
TAYLOR. 510 — Sunny, nicely furnished front
room: also hou- ekeei>in_ rooms.
TAYLOR. 515B— Large Tront oarlor. piano,
>l 5O; sunny room, suitable. $10.
THE ST. KATHRYN, NE. cor. Leivenwort.i
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms la the city; new
hotel; Just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses in every room: also hot and cold
water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
>!evator service and e»«ry modern conveal-
i •_<•: ror.nn from S3 per week up.
THE FA-MOUTH. 1049A Market »t.— Sunny
rooms; .hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $T.
THIRD. 555 — Single room; gas: bath; $5.
I THREE furnished rooms. Box CCO. Call offle*.
THREE unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
Address box 743. Call office.
TURK. 321. near Leavenworth — Front room,
suitable for two gentlemen.
TURK. 121S — Large, sunny room; also single
front room.
I TWENTY-SIXTH. HMO— Room.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3__S— Rooms to Jet;
TWENT.Y-SIXTHrsHKS— S3: 1 gent's furnished
rocm In Mission warm belt.
UNITED STATES. 12;l Eddy, near Market — iOO
rooms, :;-.c to $1 nigtit. $1 75 to $tt week; elec-
tric llf'.ts (no gai). running water In •-ery
rcom: elevator.read.-room: free bus: baggage.
VAN NeTs ave.. 407—2 nicely furnished
: r«.«>n.jt: running water; suitable for man and
' wife.
WHITE place. 3. off Jones, bet. Sutter and
Bush — Furnished rrom», single or en suite.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Mast convenient and respectable* 700 rooms;
3.V to $1 50 night: $2 to $S week; elerator;
tlec. lights; reading-room; free bus* a*cgag*.
mscELXAyrEops for sale-— cq-^
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. ,803 Hay ward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREKMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p., cheap. K. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HSR-
MAN.V SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. „
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
BAKES— New 4nd second-hand! E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, autor-blles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCEH.AXEOUS WAKTS.
WANTED — To purchase launch (new or sec-
ond-hand) about 18 ft.: must be bargain for
cash. Address. . with full particulars, L. L.
QU1NN. Stockton. Cal.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. 'LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st. ¦
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
_gents' eastoff clothing; postal. 943 Polsom.
WANTED — Correspondence school mining
books. Box 767, Call office^
WANTED" — Good business horse and small de-
livery wagon. 751 Mission st^
6 YOUNG laying hens. 1061 Sixty-third »t.,
Oakland. ... •'
WANTED— Mimeograph, new or old rtyle.
Box 073. Call office.
SECOND-HAND rubber-tired baby buggy with.
hood top. Box 990, Call.
HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; .50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought> sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
SHOES wanted: misfit & castoff; highest prcs.:
new /• -d-hanii *h»e» fnr «ale. 748 Mln'ion.
B *y Bi]B! _ Y _ T _° iiOAlf ___^-
A AA— IIERM4N MURPHY.
,' 601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no aieappolntments. *
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. •
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 6% AND 6 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND.
TOWN AND COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates in probate, undi-
vided Interests in real estate, property in
trust; loans cloeed promptly.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
107-R-9-11 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STREETS.
WILL LOAN '
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3rd
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In rity, town
or country. *
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars - .,
of property or chattels,
Location etc.
Box 408. Call office.
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages,,
estates In probate, undivided Interest Iir
estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of Interest
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
PARTIES who contemplate building will do
well to call at rooms 23t and 235 Parrott
building, fifth floor. We pay the architect
and loan 2 or 3 times the value of the lot
for building purposes at low rate of Interest.
SALARY LOANS—
Money ioaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone: ccnfidentlal and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake > 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com. :
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Cfdlt Co., C8 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market St.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
bid Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
. LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 48t.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, —f*tall mer-
chanta, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; eany payments; large business In
4G principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
et. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy.' Phone Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and. pianos; strict
privacy; no commission; Installments accepted.
HONELLI, SOI Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious - stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Tlutual 6av. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103V. Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy methods^ — To wage earners on unln-
dor*ed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Callateral Loan Bank. 538 'Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market St.
1% per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVl_fQ, 610 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. eO9 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for -.islllng, $1 per year
Ml'SICAL' IKSTHUUK-Tl.
ALL UPRIGHTS: •
Neubert, new $250. now $C0.
Fischer, new $325, now $S5.
Jlrrtz. new $3C0, now $67.
Russell, new $as5. now $135.
Colby, new $425, now $1SO.
2 Chickerings, new $450. now $100, $135.
2 Steinways, new $676, $750; now $184. $325.
Heine, new $575 now $303,
and DO others. Several squares at bargain i
prices.' Call and examine them. - Rents $2 up.
Installments $4 up. Old pianos or organs taken J
in exchange. Tuning $2, finest workmanship.,
HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st. Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A NICE small upright; good order $40
One a little better, for practice $30:
One Kranich & Bach, condition fine $100
One Belmont; mahogany case; a snap... $147
One Little Jewel; used three months $150
One Stefling; walnut case; good order. .$155
One, Mathufthck; fine order; .rosewood.. .$105
Also one Chlckerlng, 2 Vose. 2 Steinways, 2
Stecks, 1 Knabe; all Inhfirst-class condition;
easy pay's. BenJ. Curtaz & Son, 16 O'Farrell.
A SENSATIONAL • fire — Storage pianos and
furniture will be ' removed to North Beach
and bumed !f not sold In a few* days: thl*
means storage pianos and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be rc-
raovtd. • Whltehead's Storage, 163U Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest'
nnd beit Mock in Pan Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the ]
best, our prices' tho lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ '
PIANO CO.. 5fiO-64 . Hayes ¦ at. ¦ ' !
SPECIAL bargains this week; equare planoo.
$25: uprights, *IOO up; organs, $23. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Port 'st, ' ' '
A 15-KEY clarionet. Including Lazerus ey»t€tn;
in good condition; $12 50. Box 109, Call.
A FINE equare piano; very cheap. - 816 Oak
street. - %; • .
WILL sell for storage, fine Hazeltin and Vose
pianos. ETATHAM'S. 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 808-312 Post at.
A BEAUTIFUL Stelnway upright grand, as
good as new; cheap; Hornung, 216 McAllister.
$165— STEINWAY upright: private, party;, no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.'
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCIIMITZ & CO., 18 McAllister at.-
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly.
Call. 16 pages, sent . to any address In th:
"United States or Canada one year for $1. .'---
OPFICKN AM> -TO-UOsl TO j LET.
FOLSOM; 935— Large, ll_ht, airy" store; 3
rooms. and yard; will give lease. "\ \ -.-¦
HOUSE on Powell *t.,* near Post; can be al-
; tered for store; . Inquire 228 Butter at. .
STORE and basement to" let: . rent $60;- In-
; quire next door. 418 Sacramento Bt. , ¦Sun. Moon and Tide.
United - States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
:' -I >. ¦'.¦¦:. -._.-• "'•'- -•..»¦
Branch Hydrographlo Offlce. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May '28. \-- ¦¦¦¦¦-¦ ¦'' '
The Tim* Ball on the . tower" of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I j, it noon of the' 120th meridian, or at S
pY ni Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. . S. N.. in charge
Time "tail.
SAN JOSE, May 28. — The Grand
Jury, now in session, Intends to make
a thorough investigation of several of
the county ofllces. To-day, it rendered
a partial report. In which it was stated
that it was utterly impossible to secure
a proper examination of the books and
accounts of the various county officers
with, the services of the one expert al
lowed. WaBBBBBBSBaMBmM^$
County Ofllces to Be Investigated.
The steamer San Juan Bailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general mer
chandise cargo, valued at $114,122. tc be dis
tributed as follows: For Central America,
$48,015: Mexico, $1783: Panama, $4246; New
Tork, $5».7"2; Chile, $229; Dutch Guiana, $83.
The leading exports were as .-follows: To
Central America— 3346 bbls flour. 107,108 lbs
rice, S310 lbs lard, 3325 gals 124 cs wine. 13'J
gala 151 w whisky, 10 cs beer, 6 cs mineral
water, 12 cs brandy, 50 pkgs potatoes and
onions 1028 lb* spices, 474 lbs codfish, M>1 lbs
raisins. 303 lbs dried fruit. 39S lbs tea, 203 cs
assorted canned goods,. 50 cs canned salmon,
750 lbs beans, 46 pkgs paste, 04 pkgs gro
ceries and ' provisions, 878 lbs 9 cs bread,' 10,
000 lbs «alt, 1605 lbs meals, 340 lbs cheese,
33 3*7 ft lumber, 55,000 lbs bluestone, 5 bales
leather, 24 bbls 120 cs oils, 5 cs electrical sup
plies 51,836 lbs tallow; CO pkgs machinery,
<;« pkga paints. 104 c» tar, 63 pkgs dry goods,
7 colla r»p<>. 2850 . lbs lead pipe. 30 eks coal,
113 pes (T bdls iron plpe^ 17,007 lbs soda. 61
cs coal oil, <K> bblfl cocoa nut oil 6140 lbs tin,
130 bdla 25 pes railroad material, ,12 doors, .18
cs turpentine, 1310 lbs zinc. 73 pkgs tank ma-
To Mexico— 114 pkrs Iron. 8" bdls eteeC.4
pkgs machinery, 11 pkffs drugs, 0 . ci rubber
goods, 2360 lbs soda, ,
. To Panama— 23W: gals 20.es wine, 110 gals
15 cs , whisky, 0 cs brandy, 250 lbs ham,' 120
bbs flour 27.015 ft lumber. 4000 lb» cement.
To New Tork — 57.025 gals wine, . 235 flasks
quicksilver, 40,020 lbs pig lead, fit cs honey,
83,620 lbs. dry '¦' hides, 200 sks horns,' 63 cs
ocales,* 34 bales junk. 04,325 lbs asphaltum,
4081 gila sperm oil.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. .
. Saturday, May 28.
Btmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Roarers.
Stmr South Soast, Olsen, 10 hours from Cas
par. :
Stmr ' Santa Monica, Olsen, 70 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south, put In to land
Pa |tmr"san Pedro, Raunussen, 20 hours from
Port Hftrf ord. ¦ ' '^ssgfiQ&Bg&atSWWmitm 1 1 W
Btmr Whltesboro, Olsen. 14 houra from Point
. stmr Asuncion. Brldgett, 33 ; hours from Port
Harford. ' :
Stmr Bee, .Wehman, 2S hours from Eureka.
. ¦ Stmr » Shasta, ; Hansen 80 . hours from Bel
llngham, put. in -to land passengers. . .?¦'„-...¦
.Stmr 01ympic> s Hansen, 5T ' hours . from Ho
<iulam. -
Schr Berwick. ¦ Jacobson. 2 days trom Rogue
River. :
The schooner Esther Buhne was cleared yes
terday for Honolulu, via Albion. At the lal
ter port the schooner will load 2SS.000 feet of
redwood ties and 47,000 feet of redwood pouts,
valued at (3418, and proceed direct to Hono
lulu. • -; ':
Matters, of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
NEWS OF THE. OCEAN.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner MaripoBa, Captain Rennie, will
sail at 11 o'clock this morning for Ta
hiti with a large number of passen
gers.
Marlposa Sails To-Day.
The Pacific Coast SteamBhip Com
pany's Curacao, from Guaymas, passed
Hueneme at 9 o'clock yesterday morn
ing and will be in port in time to pass
quarantine early this morning, v
Curacao Due To-Day.
* GENOA— Arrived May 28— Stmra Nord Amer
ica and Prlna Albert, from New Tork.
BREMEN— Sailed May 28— Stmr Barbarossa.
for New Tork.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 23— Stmr St.
Paul, for Southampton and N«w Tork.
bane: Br atmr Hyson, for Vancouver.
Passed In May 27 — Br stmr Wellington, hene»
May 24.
Passed Inward May 28 — Br ship County ot
Kinross, to Hastings Mill; Ger atrnr Serapls.
from Seattle, for Naralmo.
Br stmr Athenian ordered Into quarantine,
cause, two deaths from black smallpox, brought
from China.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK — Arrived May 23 — Stmr Sicil
ian Prince, from Naplea; stmr La Touraine.
from Havru.
Sailed May 2S — Stmr Mesaba. for London;
stmr St. Louis, for Southampton, Yia Ply
mouth; stmr Finland, for Antwerp; stmr Ko«
nigen Louise, for Naplea and Genoa; stmr Etru
rla. for Liverpool: stmr Columbia, for Glas
gow; stmr Belgravia. for Hamburg. . -'"
Arrived May 2S — Stmr Moltke. from Ham-
HAVRE— Sailed May 2S— Stmr La. Lor
raine, for New Tork.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 2S— Stmr CeN
tic. from Liverpool, for New Tork.
GLASGOW— Arrived May 23 — Stmr Banna
tlan. from Beaton.
Sailed May 23 — Stmr Carthagenian. fcr
Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 29 — Stmr Cam
pania, from New Tork; stmr Cymric, from
Boston.
Sailed May 28 — Stmr Armenian, for Nnr
Tork; stmr Bohemian, for Boston; stmr I'm
bria, for New Tork.
LONDON— Arrived May 23— Stmr Philadel
phia, from Boston.
Sailed May 2»— Stmr Mlnnehaha. for J.ew
"pLTMOUTH— Arrived May 23 — Stmr Frted
erlch der Orosse. from New Tork. for- Bremen,
and proceeded: stmr Philadelphia, from New
Tork for Southampton, and proceeded.
ANTWERP — Sailed May 28 — 8tmr Krocn
land for New Tork.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 23— Stmr St
Paul for New York.
Arrived May 23— Stmr Philadelphia, trom
The British ship Merioneth, which
arrived here In August, 1902, and has
been'lylnK at Sausallto since discharg
ing her carco, has at last been char
tered and will leave her mud bed to
morrow to be put Into condition to load
grain for the United Kingdom.
Chartered After Long Rest.
The oldest bank note Is in the Brit
ish Museum. It was printed in China
In 136S. ninety-two years before the
birth of Guttenberg. the reputed In
ventor of printing. r '*
A law establishing a national real
estate and mortgage bank has , been
passed. The capital of the bank will
be $1,000,000.
Panama's Consul to San Francisco.
PANAMA. May 23. — Alejandro
Guarcia has been appointed Consul at
San Francisco.
• The wreck. of the river steamer Al
ton, which went down last Tuesday
night, was located last evening. When
the Santa Fe steamer San Pablo was
passing Angel Island on the 6:35 trip
Captain Laurltzen discerned the out
lines of the sunken steamer. He
slowed up his vessel and lowered a
boat. After verifying the correctness
of his observation from the pilot
house of the San Pablo he left two
men to keep guard at the scene of
the wreck. A further examination to
ascertain the position of the sunken
steamer will be made to-day.
Locates Wreck of Alton.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. J From. Due.
G. Dollar • San Pedro May 29
Corona Humboldt May ?9
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 29
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro May 29
Curacao Mexican Ports May 29
Arctic Humboldt .; ".. May 29
M. Dollar.... Redondo May 30
Newburg..... San Pedro May 30
Edith Seattle May 30
State of Cat.. San Ditgo & Way Pts. May 30
Czarina....;. Coos Bay May 'J"
Eerapl J ' Seattle May 30
Arcata Cdos Bay & Pt. Or ford. May 30
Ellxabeth.... Coquille River May SO
Eureka Humboldt May 31
Alameda Honolulu .' May 31
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports |May 31
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. May 31
Argo Eel River Ports May 31
Ctty Peking.. New York via Panama. May 31
Tellus Oyster Harbor June 1
Newport New York via Panama. June 1
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. June 1
Pomona Humboldt June 1
NorthFork.. Humboldt June 2
Point Arena.. Mer.doclno & Pt. Arena. IJune 2
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way I'orta; June 2
Centennial... Seattle <& Tacoma June 3
yUli.tnc)'. . .. Portland & Way Ports. IJune 3
Columbia Portland & Astoria IJune 3
l:nni«r Seattle & Belllngham. . June 5
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. June 5
Queen Purci Sound Ports. ... June 6
! Ventura..... .. Sydney & Way .Ports. June 0
rity Para.... . New York via Panama. IJune a
Coptic China & Japan 'June 0
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. " I Sails. | Pier.
May 29.'
J. Hlgglns.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
San Juan..- N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Marlposa... TaTiltl direct 11 am Pier 7
B. Rosa.... San Diego •& Way. 9 am Pier 11
. ' , i May 30.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Kay 31.
Samoa Los Angeles- Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport fc Way... 0 im Pier 11
Jeante. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Corona.... Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Juno 1. (
Spokane...'. Seattle direct 11 am Pier, ft
G W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
pijrlc China & Japan I pmlPler 40
Elisabeth.. Coquille River 3 pm] Pier 20
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. OrM 10 amIPIer 13
A rctlc Humboldt 9 amIPIer 2
June 2. I
Iaqua... ••• Humboldt 4 pmlPier 2
S Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pie r 2
I Eureka Humboldt 0 amfPler 13
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmjPleri 2
St Paul Nome & St. Michael 2 prn|PleK20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomu Pt Arena & Albion 6 pmjPler •£
June .3. | |
Pomona.... Humboldt ..' 1 :30 p Pier 9
Seraph Hamburg &' Way. 12 m Pier la
June 4.
Pt Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Alameda. . . Honululu U am Pier 7
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
» Jnno 5.
North Fork. Humboldt ......... 5 pm Pier 20
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay 0 pm Pier 18
June 6. .-«¦¦• ¦ •
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
June 7.
Chas. Nelso Nome & Teller.... ...... •••".•••
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
" FROM SEATTLE.
" Steamer. For. Sails.
Humboldt Skagway A Way Ports. May 31
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports. June 1
Senator...... Nome Juna 1
Oregon.." Nome Juna 1
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. June 1
Tacoma...... Nome & Teller........ Juns 1
O'ympla Nome & St. Michael..'. Juns 2
Garonne Nome ft Golovln Bay.. June 2
Roannke..... Nome & St. Michael... Juna 4
Victoria...... Nome June 4
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 8
J "Dollar Valdez & Seward....... June 8
The suit of the United Rallroad3
for- an injunction restraining D. J.
Sullivan and other housemovers from
cutting wires- that Impede the prog
ress of the buildings in transit was
heard by Judge Murasky yesterday.
Argument was made by both sides and
the court took the case under sub
mission.
Housemover's Case In Court.
Movements of Steamers.
• The rate of reinsurance on the Ital
ian ship Laura jumped yesterday from
35 to CO per cent and the underwriting
world is beginning to consider as hope
less the overdue vessel's prospect of
reaching her destination. She is 'now
out 119 days from Newcastle, Australia,
for Tocopillp. As she is loaded with
coal, her cargo becomes more < sus
ceptible to spontaneous combustion
with every day it remains in her hold.
The average length of the voyage she
is making is fifty daye. so that she is
now more than two months overdue.
The Laura is well known at this port.
No change, was reported in the rates of
the other overdues. ?£ ,c
Rate on L<aura Takes a Jump.
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San FrancUco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. MAY 29.
Sun rises..., -4:41
Sun sets 7:13
Moon rises 0:00 p. m.
O Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? L, W H W L W H W
29 5:25 — 0.8^2 :2S 4." 5:0O 3.0 11:18 5.8
SO 6:11 — 0.8 1:18 4.7 5:43 3.2
H W L W H W L W
31 C.6| 6:55— 0.7 2:07| 4.7 6:33 3.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In tho order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
, M. Richards, a painter of 8 Dearborn
place, was burned yesterday by the
explosion of a can of painters' mixture*
which he was handling at a shop on
Cook street, where he Is employed.
The burning fluid ate into 'his lower
limbs to such an extent that he was
conveyed to the Emergency Hospital
for treatment. Z' *...
Painter Is Burned.
Mongolia's Social Debut.
During the Pacific Mall Company's
big liner Mongolia's stay at Honolulu
a reception was tendered on board to
the social cream of the island port.
The steamship was decorated from
stem id stern, the band of the flagship
New York provided the music and Cap
tain Rinder and Purser Alfred Rennie
received and entertained a large num
ber of guests. The Mongolia's* social
debut was voted a success of propor
tion In keeping with the liner's size. .
HAMBURG— Sailed May 24— Ger bark
Urania, for Port Los Angeles.
ANTWERP — Sailed May 26 — Br ship Bar
flllan, for San Francisco.
SUEZ — Arrive^ May 26 — Br stmr Tydeus.
from Vancouver, for Liverpool. ,
SYDNEY— Arrived May 27— Bark General
Ftlrchlld. from Belllnfham.
MOPORAN— Arrived May 27— Br «tmr In
verness, from Portland.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior May 28— Stmr
Shawmut. from Seattle.- /
VICTORIA. B. C— Sailed May 28— Stmr
UmatilU. for San Francisco; stmr Cottage
City, for Skagway.
Arrived May 2S— Stmr Senator, hence
May 25.
Sailed May 27— Br stair Mlowera, for Brls-
HONOLULU— Sailed May 28— Schr C. A.
Thayer, for Gr«yn Harbor.
Arrived May 2S — U S «tmr Solace, hence
May 21, for Guam and Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
Sailed May 2fl — Schr Louise for Umpqu*.
Sailed May 2S— Stmr Melville Dollar, for
Tacoma; stmra Grace Dollar and Newburg for
San Francisco; bktn Katie Fllckinger, for Bal
lard.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed May 28 — Stmr James
S. Hleglns, for Redondo.
COOS BAT— Sailed May 2S— Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco. —
Sailed May 28 — Stmrs Czarina and Arcata,
for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived May 25— Schr W. J.
Patterson for Gray* Harbor.
CHIGNIK BAY — Arrived May 8 Strar
George F. Haller, from Seattle, and sailed
May 8 for Bristol Bay.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 28— Schr Ot
tllle Fjord, for Mahukona.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 28— Bktn La
halna, from Port Blakeley.
PORT TOWNSEND— 8alled May 28— Schr
Bangor. for San Pedro; schr Ethel Zane for
San Pedro.
EUREKA— Sailed May 2S— Stmrs National
City and Navarro, for San Francisco; »chr
Dora Bluhtn. for Ban Pedro
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 23— Schr Spo
kane, for Snn Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed south May 27 7:25
p m— 8tmr Mandalay, from Eureka, tor San
Pedro.
TATOCRH— Pased Inward May 28— Stmr Sen
ator, hente May 25. for Victoria, B. C. ; Br stmr
Wellington, hence May 24. for Ladysmith.
Passed outward May 2S— Br stmr Mlowera
from Victoria B. C. for Sydney.
Passed In May 28 — Stmr Montara, hence May
23. for Seattle.
HUEN EM E— Passed May 28— Stmr Curacao,
from Guaymas. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 23— Stmr Xoyo.
from Eureka: stmr Whlttier henco May 23
stmr Iaqua. hence May 20.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 2S— Stmr Centen
nial, hence May 23.
Arrived May 2S— U S itmr Commodore Per
ry, from crulae.
Sailed May 28— Ptmr UmatUIa. for San Fran
cisco: etmr Cottage City, for Skagway.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 2S— Stmr Nome
City, for Nome.
VENTURA— Arrived May 2S— Stmr Scotia,
from San Pedro.
Sailed May 28— Stmr Scotia, for San Fran
cisco.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Bee — May 2S, off Point Reyes stmr
Acme, from Fort Ilragff, for Redondo and 6an
Pedro.
POINT LOROS, May 28. 10 p. m.— Weather
teggy; wind SW. velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr Aurella, Erickaon. Point Arena. v
Stmr Alcazar, Martin. Greenwood.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. Shelter Cove.
Stmr San Pedro. Raamussen Eureka with
schr Esther Buhne In tow for Albion,
Stmr Newsboy. Adler, Cresecnt City.
8tmr ganta Monica. Oleen, San Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Point Arena.
Stmr Chlco. Martin, Portland and Astoria.
8tmr Del Ncrte, Payne, Cre»'cent City.
Ship Fails of Clyd«\ Matson. Hlio.
Schr Esther Buhne. Olsen. Honolulu, via Al
bion, in tow stmr San Pedro.
Schr Ida McKay. Lethola. for Eureka.
Schr Jennie Griflln. Gibson. Bollnaa,
SAILED.
Saturday. May 23.
Stmr San Juan, Urry. Panama, etc.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka.
Stmr Nevadan, Greene, Honolulu and Kah-
Ul'Ji.
CLEARED.
f Saturday, May 28.
Stmr San Juan. Urry, Panama, etc.: P M
S S Co.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka: P C 8 S Co.
Stmr Mariposa, Rennie. Tahiti; J. D. Spreck
ela & Bro«. Co.
8tmr Nevadan. Greene, Honolulu: "Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
Etmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. Victoria, etc.;
P C S S Cn. -. ¦
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, HUcr. J. D.
fcpreckels & Bros. Co.
Bktn Hawaii. Johnson, Kahului, via Port
Townsend: Hind^ Rolph &'Co.
Schr Ksther Buhne, Honolulu, via Albion:
J. R. Hanlfy ft Co.
The Millen Griffith lent her usual and
purely fictitious assistance on Friday
when the liner Siberia went to her
berth. Such assistance as was needed
was rendered by the army tug Slocum,
which happened to, be in the vicinity.
The Millen Griffith, however, put her
nose to the liner's steel side forward
and did what she could. Long after
the liner had been \ made ' fast and
when most of the passengers had dis
embarked, Captain Smith heard a noise
over the bow as of a coffee mill grind
ing, and, looking. over the side, discov
ered the Millen Griffith still churning
away. In the bustle of landing she had
been forgotten. :
The Arabs, however, will be another
kind of towboat and according to the
builders will be one of the most pow
erful on the bay. In size, strength and
appearance the Arabs will resemble
the Santa Fe tug A. H. Payson. She is
115 feet long. 24 feet in beam and 12
feet deep. She will be an oil-burner,
equipped with 750-horsepower engines
and capable of making It or 13 knots.
She has a wooden hull, and is provided
with a cabin for passengers.
The Pacific Mail Company's new
tugboat, Arabs, was successfully
launched yesterday, morning from the
Fulton Iron "Works yard at Harbor
View. The Arabs will replace the Mil
len Griffith, which lost the power of
towing many moons ago and has long
been a standing Joke In the local ma
rine world.
Arabs Successfully" Launched.
'The Pacific ,. Mail Company's steam
ship San Juan, Captain Urry, sailed
yesterday for Panama and way ports
with 2450 tons of cargo, which included
1500 barrels . of California wine, 60,000
feet of lumber and 250 tons of lead.
Most of this freight is for New York.
Her passengers included forty-five
Chinese, a larg-e number in the steer
age and in the cabin she carried the
following named: A. E. Hornstein, E.
L. Baker. Mrs. F. Mowlong, S. C. Mil
ler and J. L. Elder.
Pacific Mail Steamship Sails for Panama and Way Ports Carry
ing Passengers and Much Freight, Most of Which Is for New
York — Tugboat Arabs Is Launched at the Fulton Iron Works
"Le Fils de 1'Etolle" ("The Son of
the Star"), the new musical drama in
five acts, libretto by Catulle Mendes
and music by Camilla Erlanger, i3 the
most lavishly staged production ever
presented In Paris, according to tho
critics. It goes back to the taking of
Jerusalem by the Romans during the
reisrn of the Emperor Hadrian. There
seems to be not much more for the
critics to say of it. ': • /
PARIS, May 21. — "Varennes." Mme.
Bernhardt's new play, has not scored
quite the success in Its first few pre
sentations that had been predicted.
Although ever ready to accept her # as
the greatest of all modern artists In
whatever play ihe may appear, the
public is manifestly passive, to say the
least, in accepting: her latest effort.
The play was written for her by Lave
dan and Lenotre. It recounts the
flight of Louis XVI and Marie Antoi
nette to Varennes.
For some reason the authors have
distorted the truth not a little, and In
some places, the critics agree, it has
been needlessly sacrificed. This, they
argue, was done for romantic reasons.
The consensus of opinion Is that there
should have been more romance in the
play or more history. Catulle Mende3,
a noted author and playwright, speak
ing of Bemhardt in the play, says:
"As yesterday, as to-morrow, as al
ways, ilme. Bernhardt — smiling, im
passioned, sorrowful, proud, humili
ated, maternal, loving, coaxing and
majestic, charming and epic — takes
possession of the soul victoriously and
all other successes, those of the au
thors, painters, actors, actresses, scat
ter before her continued triumph."
Marcel Prevost's new play, "La Plus
Falble" ("The Feeblest") has Jumped
into favor at the Comedle Ftancaise.
The end of the play la moral, and for
that reason something of a novelty in
a French drama. Perhaps It is this
very novelty that has caught the pop
ular fancy.
The hero is a man who has linked
his life to a divorced womanl He has
no faith In marriage vows, and, there
fore, takes her wlthouX a wedding
ceremony. His family lives according
to the strictest conventions and his
attachment for the divorced woman
engenders bitterness. At last the hero
meets with a serious accident, and
while his life is hanging in the balance
his relatives carry him off and. try to
terminate his unconventional alliance.
But, as it must in all successful
plays and books, love triumphs In the
end. The husband of the divorced
woman conveniently dies, and then a
mutual friend crops up to reunite the
twain. The hero's antemarriage views
are suppressed. He and the heroim;
are properly married and "live happy
ever after." '¦'•',
SAN JUAN'S CARGO INCLUDES
A LARGE SHIPMENT OF WINE
BERXHARDTS LATEST
FAILS TO PLEASE THE
PLAYGOERS OP PARIS
ITALIAN SHIP IJVURA WHICH IS MAKING A LONO PASSAOD FROM NEW
CASTLE. AUSTRALIA. THE RATE OF REINSURANCE ON WHICH "WAS
JUMPED TESTERDAY FROM 35 TO 60 PER CENT.
43
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1904.
. I SPECIAL NOTICES.
• I - ¦
s Ladies'. Chichester's English Pennyroyal* Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
: stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mall. Ask your drus^.'st.
Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadelphia, Pa.
; STOCKS AND BONDS FOR SALE.
[ DO you want some stock in the Oakland Cre-
matory and Columbarium T Pays 14 per cent
dividends. W. B. BERNARD. 470 Tenth St..
• Oakland.
¦ fe T LTTEmxo AMP STAMMEKiarCk
MELBOURNE Institute Van Nets & Market
1 promises cure If in fair health: hours 1 to 6.
I LL '— »
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
• The following marriage licenses were issued
1 yeeterday:
Charles D. McAsey. 21, 549 Bryant street,
1 and Annie E. WUde. 20, 772 Folsom street.
John Olson 28, 395 Ninth street, and Hanna
J. Bvenson. 24, 805 Ninth street.
Harry Steinberg, 28, city, and Anna Pack-
1 ert. 20. city.
Edward F. Bishop, 25, 2309 Washington
; street, and Clara' V. Sawyer, 19, 649 Hyde st.
' John F. Schneider 23, S312 Washington
, street, and Dollle Mustek, 22, 119 Jones street.
William A. Richards. 28, 605 Post street,
and Mary E. Murray, 22, 518 Taylor street.
William IC Adams 28, S24 Page street, and
, Clara A. Harter. 23, 826 Page street.
John D. Lllienthal. 21. 547 Minna street, and
Cora L. Flsk. 21. 547 Minna street.
I Umberto Chell, 21 1274 Union street, and
¦ Henrietta Glannlni. IS 120 Otsego avenue.
' Max R. Garskl, 27. city, and Elizabeth M
Asmue, 28, IMPHj York street.
Toussalnt J. O'Clalre, 29, 283 Ninth street.
- and Gertrude Llevre, 28. 1600 Folsom street.
Samuels Febastlanla, 27, Sonoma, and Elvera
. Eraldl, 16. Sonoma.
Christen Iversen, 28, Fetaluma. and Karen
' j M. Toft. IS. Petaluma.
. I Maurice Bonneau 41. 428 Eutter street, and
Eugenie Epinat. 36. 428 Butter street.
Albert D. Schmidt, 21, 357 Polk street, and
• May Jones. 21. 239 Powell street.
Joseph T. Holmes, 25, 1243 Vallejo street,
and Melissa M. Ring, 19, 796 Lombard street.
Christopher IL Reynolds. 21. 1017A Folsom
, street, and Christina Cabrel, 19. 133 Page st.
Max A. Llpke, 2fl, 354 Eleventh street, and
• Elcanora Kammler, 28 354 Eleventh street.
Wallace W. Nail. 25. Oakland, and Bernlce
O. Weseott. 20, Los Angeles.
EIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATO
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of chacce.
COLLOPY— In this city. May 21. 1904, t» the
wife of Richard Collopy, a con.
FARRO— In this city, to the wife of M. J.
Farro, a son. »
HAUSER— In this ctty, May 27, 1904, to the
wife cf Phil J. Hauser (nee Prltchard), a
son.
I KEELEN— In this city. May 27, 1904, to the
wife of B. Keelen. a daughter.
, ! KOOPMAN— In this city. April 28, 1904, to the
wife of H. W. Koopman, a daughter.
i LADEWIG— In this city, May 27, 1904. to the
wife of Arthur E. Ladewig, a son.
LUTZ— In this city. May 24. 1904, to the wife
of Henry Lutz, a daughter.
McCLEARY— In this city, to the wife of James
F. McCleary. a daughter.
McKLEM— In this city. May 24, 1904, to the
wife of Robert J. McKlem. a son.
I MeNULTY— In this city, to the wtf« of Charles
R. McNulty. a daughter.
PERRY— In this city. May 23. 1904, to tho
wife of V. Elmo Perry, a *on. 1
J SCHMIDT— In this city. May 21. 1004, to the
wife of John L. Schmidt, a daughter.
J WORD— In this city. May 23 1904, to the
wife of W. W. Word, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BIGELOW— BOWMAN— In this city. May 12.
19C4. by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
Central M. E. Church, Justin J. Blgelow and
Jennie H. Bowman, both of San Francisco.
i BRANDEMAN— STEINMETZ— In this city,
April 30. 1904, Henry Brandeman of San
Francisco and Johanna G. Stelnmetz of
Banta. '
¦ BRAY— GROVES— In this city. May 5, 1904,
»>y the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, Thomas A.
Bray and Mary Groves, both of San Fran-
cisco. .
j COMMINS — WOODWARD— In Redwood City,
. Cal.. February 3. 1904, by the Rev. A. S.
Gibbons. John Fitziatrlck Commlns of Ean
. Francisco and Blanche Olive Woodward of
Oakland.
¦ PREDOM— WEAVER— In this city. May 24
llrt>i by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, Charles
A. Predom and Dorothea Weaver, both oi
facramento.
ROTHERMEL— SCHLUTIUS— In this city.
May 11, 1904. Henry P. Rothermel and Doris
A. Bchluttns.
DIED.
Barton, Mrs. R. W. Madison, Mary A.
Bettencourt, Jos. M. Magner, Michael
Bousquet. Leonie Markley, Charles •
Campbell. John H. Matthey, Robert
Pollms. Emma McCheeney Florence
Ccok, F. Thomas H. McFarland! Charles
CWin*y, James Mlehaelson, Michael
Donohue. Frances Miley, James J.
Fucik. Paul . Mulloy, Robert
GlUlpple (Infant) Obujen. Antone
GrannI*. James G. Pettls. Mary E.
Hill, Norman C. Rlbbel, Jacob Morse
Hoffman, Josephine Robinson, George F.
Hopan, Hazel Savory. Sarah Louisa
Kelly, Martin Scarrone, Lulgi
Kemp. Walter Stone. Morris
BARTON— In this city. May 28, 1904, at the
home of Dr. A. F- Woodward, 312 Halght
Ftreet. Mis. Roslna W. Barton, a native of
Maine, aced &J years.
ICTFuneral services Tuesday, May 31. 1004,
at 10 o'clock, at the Hamilton-square* Bap-
tist Church, on Post street, near Stelner.
I BETTENCOURT— In this city. May 27. 1904,
Joseph Miguel Bettencourt, dearly beloved
brother of Manuel M. Bettencourt, a native
of Portugal, aged 42 years 9 months and 5
days. ,
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May 30, at 8:15 o'clock, from tho- undertaking
parlors of Iaccherl. Duclos & Co.. C29 Broad-
way, thence to St. Francis Church, where a
mass will be said, for the repose of his noul.
commencing at U o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Ometery.
BOUSQUET— In this city, May 26. 1004,
Leonie, dearly beloved wife of Alphonse
Bousquet, and mother of George and Louise
Bousquet. and daughter of Marie and the
late Marceiiin Qimbatalade, and ulster of
Mrs. J. Redinrer, Mrs. M. Andichon and
Mrs. R. Whitney, a native of France, aged
35 yearx ii months and 2 days. '
C7Friends and acquaintances are respfet-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May 2», at 1 o'clock, from her late residence,
1035 Clay street, corner Mason, thence to
French Church fNctre Dame des Victoires),
Bush street, fur services. ; Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage. . ;
CAMPBELL— In thta city. May 2$, 1904 at
his residence. 1128 Pacific street, John
Holmes, beloved husband of Johanna .W
Campbell, and father of Robert. E., John' j!
and Victoria Campbell and Mrs. Joseph o!
Granvllle, a native of Edinburgh, Scotland"
aged 65 years 9 months and 13 days.
CJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the chapel
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mis-
sion street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth, thence to Mission Dolores Church
corner Sixteenth and Dolores streets, where
services will be held, commencing at 0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage.
COLLINS— In this city. May 23. 1904, Emma
Culllne. a native of Illinois, aged 35 years..
IC7The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COOK— In this city May 28. 1904. F. Thomas
Holmes Cook, beloved husband of the late
Catherine Cook, and father of Mrs. G. D.
Harper. Fred Cook, Mrs. W. G. Chronister
and eharle*, Harry and John Cook, a native
tit England, aged 74 years 9 months and 10
Cayr. ¦ . .
ICXThe funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of Halstcd & Co., 040 Mission street.
Interment Cjpress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
COONEY— In this city. May 28, 1904, James
Cooney. a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged e5 years. »
C7Notiee of funeral hereafter. Remains
st the parlors of Monahan, O'Hara & Co.,
2339-41 Mission street, near Nineteenth.
DONOHUE— In . thi» city. May 27, 1904.
HENRY J, GALLAGHER Cft
(Successors ' to Flannagan & Gallagher. '
DANIEL, P. DONOVAN, M«rr.
FUNEBAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth *t., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. —Funeral Directors and Embalmer*— •
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 8W5 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at.
Finest Equipments at Moderate rates.
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
£239-2311 Mission st.. near Nineteenth.
San Francisco. ¦ - ¦
ROOMS TO LET— Film, wnrt I7»fnrn. |
"WOLF House. 202 Sixth rt— Rooms from 15c
"> »i per night and from 90c to li per week.
VAX NESS. 800— Desirable sunny room for 2;
aleo elngie rooms with board.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
<-a.l branch cJflce. csr^Duncan & Church sta,
A BRANCH office of The Call for ths reception
cf advertistments ar.d subscriptions has be*a
«rer>ed at UHS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open oatll 11 p. m.
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
HOTEL MONTROSE
3020 Van Ne*s ave.. comer Geary has been
thoroughly remodeled and renovated and will
be conducted as a first-elans family hotel.
MRS. II. OPPENHEIMER. Prop.
AUDUBON Hotel. 1105 Hyde. cor. California —
Pleasant eunny euite; single rooms; board
reasonable.
PRIVATE residence. Western Addition: has
excellent room and beard; references. Bex
041. Call offlce.
GEARY. Ml. Hotel L'Algl on— Family rooms
and board; entirely renovated; reas. prices.
HARRISON, STO — Good board and rooms at
>3 SO for glrlg; piano; home comforts.
HAWTHORNE, IS — Sunny front room, with
good board; American family: »4 50 week.
HOWARD. 841 A— First-class board and' room.
flr.gle or double. J'-J6 wk. ; American family.
OAK. 706 — Choice location; rur.r.y rooms; all
conveniences ; home cook.; comfortable home.
BUTTER. Cl* — Westminster — First-class rooms
and board ; rea*onab!e.
"WILL board a party of students at fl2 per
- month. Harrison et.
TWENTT-FOURTH 3174— Nice sunny front
rocrr.s, with or without board.
TWENTY - FOURTH. 3172— Furnished room.
with or without board.
VALENCIA. 5S0— Furnished rooms, with or
without board. MRS. ARDLB.
"Kipow wishes to take care cf child. 409A
Octavla Et.
BOOMS AAD IIOAItD WANTED.
MAN and wire would like room and board in :
a small boarding- house cr a nice, quiet fam-
ily; sur.ny, Wfll-furnl^hed rooms desired,
with ftm-dags table. Iiox 37CS Call office.
YOUNG man desires room and board (2 meals)
in private family where there is sociability; !
rlease etate terms and conveniences. Box <
T23. Call. ;
WANTED— Room ard board In private family, j
Adirpss J. C. M.. box 407. Call. !
BOARD ar.d room wanted by elnjrle gentle-
n.an. Dox C16. Call offlce.
SUITE cf rooms and board wanted by man |
and wife and little girl. Box 177. Call offlce.
BINGLB room with board desired for lady;
references exchanged. Box 700, Call office.
WANTED — A *mall furnished room for a g!n-
tri'* laily; private family. Apply 567 Bryant.
ST. I.OTTIS BOABDIKQ AOTP ROOMS, j .
ETOP with a Califcrnlan while in St. Louis j ,
and be treated like home folk*: b«6t accom- ; ¦
tr.odation*: write ahead. G. B., 760 Aubert
et.. St. Louis. I
ST. LOUIS BOOMS. :
TVORLD'S Fair guest*— Pleasant quarters, '
m<vJern conveniences : Informatlcn furnished. ',
T.'.'-A Auhert ave., ft. Louli. j '
ROOMS \VA\TED. I '
~ i {
TV ANTED — By a gentleman, a eucny < room ; I
north of California an-i west of FUImore. I i
Ad<!res« hex 2176. Call brar.eh. 22ro Flllniore. i
YOUNG man wirhrs rt>om with German fam- *
lly wh're he can keep two d?gs. Box 6l>4.
Call cff.ee.
CXFIKKISBED r-v>n: b«t. 4:?i and Kth MS]
Miff Ion; etr^rle terrptrate man. Box 70S, Call.
WANTED — 2 unfurnished room*: north ot Mar- j I
k*t *t.; central. Bex 776. Call.
fftTTTTI " Tiiim 12. two unfurnished rooms; j
Troif-rn. Bex f«fi. 1CCS Market St.- i ]
ITOCACB AM) WAREUOCSSI.
A— GILBERT & STOLL StorsgVcoTr^torage] j C
pacfcir.g, thirpinr warehouse, G. O. and Van
1 Nets; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A*— EMPORIUM FUrag- & Van Co.; furniture. ;
household goods rtored. moved, shipped. 725- ! _
721 Howard et.. r.r. Third: phone Grant 16L i
PIEUCE-rrfiDOLPH. £tcr««« & Moving Co.. of- j
fice 1'ost acd Poweli *ts.; tel. Triv. Ex. 57L j
CONKLINS Storage— Furniture and merchan- J
dlse, S33 Gold«?n Gate ave.; phone East 128.
COI.r'r.N West Storage; advance* made. 840 =
Mission it.; tel. Howard 841. F. V,'. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Ptorsre and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUImore St.; fhone Jackson 28L
EEKINS Van ami Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; U-l. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
WAREHOUSES.
FOR PALE OR TO LEASE*! ~*
Lot and 4-story warehouse, 45:10x120;
short block frcia ii. P. freight sheds; apply
on premises. 13 Uluxcme et., bet. 4th and 5th.
PROPOSALS.
1 J KGI'OSSALS— BIDS WANTED— Notice is
hereby given that sealed i.a,,..u:a will be j
rectlved by tr* board of directure of the
Veterans' Hcme of California, at its office,
roesi 13. !»2u gansoine St.. Em Francisco,
CkU up to 11 o'cluck a. m.. Saturday, June
4. !¦•••*. and opened Immediately thereafter
In the presence of bidders, for furnishing
ar.d delivering quartermaster and coromia- {
t~ry supplies, etc. for the Veterans' Hume, j I
Napa County, California (railroad station j
yountvtile), f. o b. for six months, com- 1
mtnclcg July 1. 1904, and ending December
SI, lsn>4. Schedules with lalci-mallon and in-
structions for submitting bids will be fur-
i.:.-... -i upon application by the undersigned.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
cf the schedules, and no bid will be consid-
ered unless It Is In accordance with such
echcdules. Bids on tea. coffee and sugar
must te made on samples submitted.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well-known and r
responsible baxklr.g hou*e for at least 10 per E
.-• : .1 of the amount of his bid, payable to C.
Mason Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter Into a good and valid
contract cxmn notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over cr under the amount of spec-
ified. Address John F. Shechan, secretary of
the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, room 13. 320 Sanscnvj
rt,, f-an Francieco. Cnl. By order of the
beard of directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN.
Secretary.
KOTICE to bidders — Sealed proposals will be C
.received until June 21. lUO*. at 7:30 o'clock
p. m., by the Council of the City of Eureka
for $50ou 4*4 p«r cect Forest Park Improve-
rr.*:it bonds; *100.0oo 4U per cent City Hall
bonds: $ 15.000 i*, per cent fire apparatuj
purchase bonds, and $35,000 4Va per cent
e*wrr completion !•¦ ::us. jpcued by the city
of Eureka under the axrt of the Legislature
of the Ftate cr California of February 25.
J»01 iStatutu 1801. page 27). They will be In
Cer.-nJnatloii as follows: Forest Park Im-
provement Ik .rids. (125; City Hall bonds.
$500: lire apparatus purchase bonds. H75,
and sewer ccirpletion bondc, $875; paid bonds
will be dated on cr after July 1, r.KM. Prin-
cipal and Interest payable at the office of
the City Treasurer of the city of Eureka. #»,
Interest payable Bt-rni -annually, one-fortieth
of principal i-ayable annually, all in United
States gold coin. All bida must be accompa-
r.led by a certified check fcr S per cent of
the bid payable to the Mayor of the city of
Eureka, htate of '. California. The city of I
Eureka cental us a population of 11,000. as-
sessed valuation (5,bOO,OOO, with present I C
bended Indebted^*** of $109,250. incurred In
1002. J. P. WUNDEKLICH. City Clerk.
CAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. April 20. 1304.— Sealed
, •¦ ; .m'.e, in triplicate, will be received h-r- '
and at office of C^u^rtermastera, until 11
a. m.. May 31. 1904. and then opened, for
furnishing, during the fiscal year commencing
Ju!y 1. 1004. (erase and straw for Ean Diego
Barracks. Fcrt Jiysecrans and Ord Barracks,
Mcaterey, Cal.; also at same time, at this
ofMe only, for forage and straw for Alcatrux
Ii>:Tnd. Fcrt Baker, Benlcia Barracks. Fort C
J.'.i.-.-' n. Fort McDowell, Fort Mlley, Presidio
of 6an Francisco. San Francisco, Ban Fran-
cisco. Cal.. lor shipment to Honolulu. H. T..
and Del>ot cf llecrults and CasuaJs. Angel
Island. Cal. Government reserves right to
reject or accept any or all bids In whole or rj
In part. Preference given to articles of _
American production, conditions of price and c
quality (Including In the price of foreign pro- •
' durtions the duty thereon) being equal, and ¦
euch preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Coast, to
extent of consumption required by the public v-
service there. All information furnished on
application to quartermasters at San Diego
I .arracks and Ord Barracks, or to under- —
e'.Esed. V.'M. S. PATTEN, Assistant Quar-
termaster General. Chief Quartermaster. . |_
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks, —
V,"s-h.. May 3, 3904— Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock «. m.. June 2. 1904. for furnishing
forage 2nd bedding at posts In Alaska for
j-wr T.rAr.e Juno 30. 1905. Information fur- —
nlrf-.f-d re-re .or by quartermasters- at posts, p
I*. S. rcf f-rves th? right to reject cr accept -
uny t* «ll DroDo«als or ar.y part thereof. f|
KcvtlcS'Cs cor. talcing - proposals should b«
marked.' "Propc*als for Forage and Bed- F
OdS at — — " and addressed to undersigned.
F. G. HODGSON. C. <J. M. •
Frances. Infant daughter < of Frank J. and
Allle Donohue, . a native of Ban FrancUco,
aged 1 month and 22 days.
FUCIK— In this city. May 26, 1904, Paul Fuclk,
a rat 1 v e of Austria, 1 aged . 60 years.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of J. 8. Gtxleau, 803 Montgomery
avenue, thence to 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets for interment at
Mount Olivet Cemetery. \-
GILLISPIE— In this city May 28, 1904, Infant
son of Thomas J. and ; Katherine GUlispis,
a native of San Francisco. ¦ -
GRANNIS— In this city. May 27, 1904. James'
Gerald, dearly beloved son of James G. and
Amelia B. Grannis, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 yean 8 months and 13 days.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 625 Devlsadero street. In-
terment private.
HILL— In this city. May 2S. 1904, Norman
Clark Hill, infant son of King D. and Flor-
ence Hill, a native, of San Francisco, aged
8 months and 14 days.
HOFFMAN— In this city. May 27. 1904. Jose-
phine, beloved wife of the late William A. :
Hodman, and beloved mother of Frank Hoff-
man. Mrs. G. Peters, Mrs. E. R. Fisher and
Mrs. R, Mueller, a natlvs of Germany,
aged S3 years and 9 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May 30, at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. G. Peters, 323 Clem-
entina street, between Fourth and Fifth,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, between Jones and Leavenworth
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for tho repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
HOGAN— In Oakland. May 26, 1904. Hazel,
beloved daughter of Hush and Anastacla
Hogan, a native of Buffalo, N. 7., aged l'J
years 6 months and 13 days. '
(CTFriends are resDectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from the family residence, Ulrf East ;
Twenty-fourth street, thence to St. Athony s
Church, where services will be held. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
HOVEY — Templar Rebekah Lodge No. 19 —
Officers and members are hereby notified to J
assemble Sunday, May 29, at 2 p. in., in Me-
morial Hall, I. O. O. F., to attend* the
funeral. 1
KELLY— Friends ars invited to attend a
solemn requiem mass for the repose of the
eoul of the late Martin Kelly, Monday, May
30. at 8t. Mary's Cathedral, at 9 a. m.
KEMP— In this city, May 27, 1904, at the par- j
ents' residence, 65 Clementina street, between
First and Second. Walter, dearly beloved
son of William and Mary Kemp, and brother
of Gertrude Kemp and Pete Molloy, a native
of San Francisco, aged 7 years 0 months and
8 days. |
MADISON— In this city, May 27. 1904, Mary
Aileen, idolized daughter of Louis and Julia
Madison, and beloved grandchild of Patrick
Rafferty, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 8 months and 15 days. . ]
ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the Xuneral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock.' from the residence ,
of the parents, 130 Oak street. Interment I
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAGNER— In this city. May 27, 1904, Michael,
beloved husband of Hannah Masrner, and
father of Mrs. S. R. Pawley, Mrs. A. P.
Percy and Mrs. William Van Laak, a native
of County Cork, Ireland.- |
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funefal to-day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street, 1
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
MARKLEY— In this city. May 27. 1904,
Charlts, beloved husband of the late Jennie
Markley, and father of 'Flossie, Belle.
Jennie May, Helen Josephine and
Markley. and son of G. W. and the late
Ellen Markley, a native of Oakland, aged
34 years and 10 months. ! A member of the
Retail Clerks' Union. Local No. 432.
ET^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of j
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue,
these* to St. Patrick's Church for services, j
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Retail Clerks' Union, Local No. 432— The |
officers and members ore hereby notified to
attmd the funeral of our late brother. 1
Charles H. Markley. Sunday. May 29, at 1
o'clock, from the parlors of. Porter & \N hlte,
423 Golden Gate avenue.
I). J. WILLIAMS, President.
SI. S. HAGEN. Secretary.
Court Aurora No. 2, F. of A.— The officers
and members are hereby notified to attend j
the funeral of our late brother, Charles H.
Markley, Sunday. May 29, at 1 p. m. from
th« parlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden
Gate avenue. J. GORFINKEL, C. R, I
J. J. FULTON, Secretary. i
MATTHEY — Entered Into rest. In this city, j
May 28. lf»C4, Robert, beloved husband of
Bertha Matthey. and father of Robert Mat-
they Jr. and Mrs. H. Lazare. a native of
Germany, aged 4S years 1 month and 2 days.
A member of Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O.
V. W.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow !
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock from tho parlors
of H. F. Suhr &. Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh I and Eighth. Interment ;
strictly private. 'Please omit flowers. '
McCHESNEY— In Yokohama. Japan, May 26, P
1904 Florence, beloved wife of L*roy E. Me- :
Cheaney, and daughter of the late Captain
Homer Manson.
McFARLAND— In this city. May 27, 1004,
Charles McFarland, beloved husband of the
late Ellen McFarland, a native of New York,
aged T8 years.
E?"Tho funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday) at 10:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F." Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment :
Holy Ctofs Cemetery.
MICHAELSON— In this city. May 26. 1004,
Michael Mlchgelson, a native of Norway,
8g»*d r.U years.' A member of Riggers' and
1 Stevedores' Union. Local 222, I. L. M. and
T. A.
(ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, SU6 Mission street, ;
between Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mount ,
Olivet Cemetery.
MILEY— In this city, May 26, 1004, James J.
Miley, dearly beloved husband of Annie L.
Mlley, and- brother of Annie and Maggie
Milev, a native of San Francisco. A mem-
ber of Golden Gate Parlor No. 29, Native
Sons of the Golden West; Golden Gate Camp
No W. Woodmen of the World ; San Fran-
cisco Aerie No. 6, Fraternal Order of Eagles,
and Court Acme No. 5. Foresters of 1
America.
E7"Friena« and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day !
(Sunday), May 29. at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence. 11 Juniper street, off Folsom. be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A solemn
requiem high man will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at St. Joseph's Church
on Monday. May 30, commencing at 0 a. m.
Friends and acquaintances are Invited.
MULLOY— In the City and County Hospital. !
May 28 1SHM, Robert Mulloy, a native of J
New York, aged 70 years.
OBUJEN-CELLI3 — A solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul i
- of the late Antone Obujen, Tuesday, May 31.
¦ at ets Peter and Paul's Italian Church,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Friends and ac-
qualntanceb are respectfully invited to at- !
tend. V ¦-,'¦¦¦'. ¦•>:¦ ]
PETTIS— In this city, May 28, 1904, Mary E. ;
Pettls beloved grandmother of Mrs. Charles .
A Murray mother of the late Mrs. Ida 1
Ellen Emery, and beloved great-grandmother |
of Florence I., Lillie J.. Irvin A., Francis E.
and the late Charles B. Murray, a native of
Salem Mass., aged 77' years 2 months and
8 days. A member of Seven Pines Circle
No. 3. Ladies of G. A. R.
RIItBEL— In this city. May 2S, 1004, Jacob
Morne Hlbbel. l>elcved husband of Susie M.
Rlbbcl and father of Mrs. Eva MarcUse,
N. O.' Rlbbel, S. H. Rlbbel. Mrs. M. A. '
Leach and W. C Rlbbel, a native of El- 1
mira, N. Y., aged 73 years 7 months and 4 '
days.
ROBINSON— In Manila, June 0, 1903, George
F.. ¦ beloved son of George Robinson, and
brother oi Mrs. E. M. Rosner, a native of
Brooklyn. N. Y., aged 3rt years.
SAVORY — In this city. May 28, . 1904, Sarah '
Louisa Savory, beloved wife of Richard H. 1
- Savory, a native of Massachusetts, aged Ul 1 ¦
years. ;
SCARRONE — At the Twelve-Mile House, Mis- ! :
slon road, May 27, 1904, Luigl Scarrone, be-
loved husband of Mary Scarrone, and father ' >
of Mary, Frank Catherine and James Scar- j 1
rone, a native of Italy, aged 42 years. ',
STONE— In thlB city. May 27, 1004, Morris, |
belovtd hu%band of Jeannette Stone, and
father of Tillle and Hazel Stone and Mrs. I 1
B. Jacots, a native of Exin, Germany, aged <
75 y»ars 1 11:011 h and 16 days. '- J ,
(CTKriends and acquaintances are respect- 1 •
fully Invited to attend the .funeral Sunday, ! ,
May 29, at 10 o'clock, from his late resi- ,
il. nee, 1333 Laguna street. Interment Salem
Cemetery, via the 11:30 o'clock train from ;
the Third and Townsend streets depot.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to extend our sincere thanks to
the many friends for the beautiful floral of- '
f erings and also the ¦ heartfelt sympathy i
shown us during our late bereavement of '
beloved son and brother,' Walter J. Schlee-
mann.
MR. and MRS. J..SCHLEEMANN and 8on.
• Catholic Truth Society— Requiem mass for
deceased members and friends will be • cele-
brated In St. Mary's Cathedral on Monday,
May 30. at 7 o'clock a. m. Members are in-
vited to attend. ¦ . •¦ . <
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'TNijCjK'GAs Engines
have made gas en- yk J|IJiE5B?P&n[ j
gines popular. 5000 l^m^B?J^ra^!
world. The princi- CfTra^'^ jl.»'WliBk>0*a t^^&T
adopted them after g~^£gltKfc^& ffi^^^^ l iij'^ i '^.MBrS^^^lf|^^^^ >
thorough .tests. H
in , use in . - «* «• *• 3-cnran>x» "txhioh" maeuje zxaren:.
this port than those of all other makes combined. They are fitted to
run "on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special fittings for
kerosene and crude oil. Send for bur catalogues, stating requirements.
Union G^En$lne (k>mimm^™ F S^Rejmlar Ticket Wins.
At the annual election of officers of
the Mercantile Library, held last night,
the regular ticket wa* victorious, the
vote being 157 to 102. The following
named were elected: President, D. E.
Miles; vice president, George K. Fitch;
treasurer. Dr. F. J. Lane; secretary,
Z^atham McMullin; treasurerT. Pelham
W. Ames; directors — John C. Currier,
C It Bonestell, B-. E. Perley, B. B.
Kellogg.
Radoipn Earth, watchmaker and jeweler, 184
f utter et ftpBtalrt). Wateh and Jewelry repair
ing • »p»el».Ity. Careful attention paid to- re
pairing French clocii. Food* Red • 1221. •
CALL «ubtcriberi oontemDlatinir a
chanre of residence auxin* the summer
months can hare their paper forwarded
by mail to their new addreu by notify
lnr THE • CALL Badness Office. Thl«
paper will also toe on sale at all summer
resorts and la represented sy % local
ejre&t ia. all towns, on the oo&at. ¦
FOR THE SUMMER.
The Grand Commancjery, of Califor
nia will : keep . open house at the Pal
ace all : week, beginning September 4.
fleers of the , Grand Encampment; the
Grand Commandery of this; State and
other ; grand \ bodies of . the Masonic
fraternity- and State and. city .officers.
The : commanderies will' arrive Sep
tember 5, Labor day. P. H. McCar
thy, president of the. Building Trades
Council, has ' assured- • the committee
that the unions • affiliated .with, the
council will yield the right of way to
the Sir Knlghta and do all . in their
power to make the advent of the visi
tors into the city -as -pleasant as pos
sible. ¦ •. ¦ . ... . • : "- : ;
William Moore, 19 Jackson street,
reported to Policeman Barrett early
yrtterday morning that while he was
eating: a meal in a restaurant at
Drurr.m and Jackson streets his gold
watch find chain valued at $75 were
stolen from him. The proprietor Pe
ter Bockinvich. denied that Moore had
fceen robbed there and as Moore was
under the influence of liquor he was
Rocked up in the City Prison. Mrs.
Margaret Mason. 116 Jones street, re
ported t6 the police yesterday that she
went into a restaurant at 31 Turk
street on Friday evening to get change
for a $5 gold piece and while she was
taking a drink of water some one
riole the gold piece.
lose Property In Restaurants.
• The sum 'of '$40,000 has been appro
priated . for decorating and'illuminat
ing < the city during; conclave week.
The city will appropriate $8000 to ex
tend .the 'device for' illuminating Mar
ket : street to the. ferry. Four grand
stands, with an agjrregate capacity of
5000, are- to be erected for the bene
fit of those invited to witness the pro
cession."' These will be for the ofr
The executive committee that is ar
rarising for the reception of the Grand
Encampment of the Knights Templai",
which is to meet here next Septem
ber'reports that the Intending visitors
to San Francisco have already char
tered more than 100 special trains and
that 400 Pullmans have been secured.
Up to date; accommodations have been
obtained" for 12,000 visitors. -. „
Tbc.Cogt of Decorating the City Dur
ing Conclave Week /Will Be
1 .'¦•;¦ Nearly $50,000.
KNIGHTS : TEMPLAK - ARMY
. . COMING NEXT SEPTEMBER
To holders of round-trip Eastern tick
.ets over any road, and their friends ac
companying, the Santa Ke will sell tlck
? ts to Yosemite Valley and return for
The Santa Fe is best of all ways to
lOEemlte. passing directly through two
magnificent groves of the famous Big
J recs without side ride or extra expense
As* at SanU Fe office, 641 Market st • '
S25.30 the Round Trip.
CHEAP RATES TO YOSESHTE.
Living up. to a name Is a difficult and a great
achievement. Making a. new one is greater.
"Old Gilt Edge Whiskey" made a new name no
long ago that It is now able to live up to it as
an old, old one. •
C«*oii Free the Vnfortunatc Wife
l>om Blame for Son's Death.
James G. Grannis, father of the five-
>;car-old boy accidentally drowned
last Friday in a stationary washtub
nt C23 Devisadero street, called upon
Coroner Iceland yesterday morning and
requested that the matter should be
thoroughly investigated. He thought
lhat th^ child might have been the
vit-im of foul play. Detective Wren
v. as detailed to make the investigation
-and he reported that there were no
auspicious circumstances surrounding
thr- death of the child.
•Jranr.is is living apart from his
nife arid rhe sa>s that he is not con
tributing: tow - the support of her
*e!T and her children. Some time ago
he caused her to be examined on sus
picion ol insanity. She was placed In
an asylum, but was. released on a
writ of habeas corpus petitioned for
by several humane people who knew
of Grajinis' treatment of her.
.N<?:i^-hbors informed the detective
that Sirs. Grannis was a sober, indus
trious woman with no symptoms of
insanity whatever and that she had
"been converting with one . of them
•only a few minutes before the child
vas drowned.
\ The autopsy surgeon could not find
any- marks of violence on the body.
• iRAX.MS SUSPECTS
SOME FOUL V\Ji\
Her Nci&lihnrs and the Autopsv Sur-
Up to date no arrangements have
been made for the annual encamp
ment and-the men who «ire subject to
go Into camp on call have not had any
opportunity to make arrangements for
their annual vacation. It looks very
much at this time as if there will be
a very small attendance of the State's
soldiers when they are called upon to
go into camp.
The. First Artillery Battalion will go
to the Presidio to-day to practice with
the big guns and will be there all day
to-morrow.
Upon the recommendation of his
commander. Private Arthur Elgunet,
Company E, First Infantry, has been
assigned to duty as musician.
The several companies of the Na
tional Guard in this city are still wait-
Ing for belts, which it was expected
would have been issued four months
ago. In cape the men were called out
on an emergency they would have to
carry their ammunition in their pock
ets. ¦-.;-./.'. • -
j The -First Regiment of Infantry. N.
J G.. C., Colonel O'Xeil commanding.
¦ will parade to-morrow as part of the
; escort to the Grand Army of the Re
! public. The several companies of the
; Fifth Infantry will parade to-morrow
I in their respective localities and if
: there is a parade by the Grand Army
; in such localities the guardsmen will
'¦ act as escort.
Soldiers of tin- State. Arc SUM Waiting
for Belts That Were Expected
Months A50.
GUARDSMEN' WllA. KSCOKT.::. r
GRAND AR.MV TO-MORROW
These acts, says Barber, and many
other alleged peculiar transactions in
dulged in by the directors, aroused his
suspicions and he Investigated further,
to learn that the assessments on the
ftock recently levied were made solely
for the purpose of enriching the di
rectors and were of such a nature that
they should be declared void by the
court.
Barber says that the company ap
peared to be flourishing, and that he
only learned of the alleged deceit prac
ticed upon him when he came out. here
and made an Investigation. He says
Uien he learned that the dividends paid
«n the stock were paid out of borrowed
money, that the directors juggled the
Mock of the corporation to suit them
selves and that the entire affair was a
l:unko game from start to finifh. He
.*ays he learned that A. J. Waterhouse
had been given $27,300 commission on
the sale of stock and that the money
had b«en taken from the funds of the
corporation, given to Waterhouse and
then divided among the other directors.
He says that he also learned that the
two dividends declared on the stock of
the corporation had been paid out of
money borrowed on the assets of the
rorpcration, and that a sale of $10,000
worth of stock had resulted only In
profits for the directors.
Barber ssys he first learned of the
Consolidated Gold Mining Company of
Eutte County through the circulars
tent out by the defendants. He says he
placed himself in communication with
The defendants and in a short time re
< <ived samples of ore, prospectuses
galore and a photograph of the drift in
]>utte County, the alleged source of the
c ompany'a alleged mint. He incor
porates in his complaint extracts from
letters received during the course of the
» orrespendence, and says that the pros
pects were so alluring that he readily
<onscnted to accept the offer of the al-
Joged promoters to sell him 5000, shares
of stock at Jl a share. He says that
not only did he invest his hard-earned
roin, but that a number of other people
5n and about Boston Invested, the oth
ers, he eays. sending to the directors
us much as $100,000.
ared null and void
Charges of fraud are liberally mada
In a complaint filed yesterday In the
Superior Ccurt againstr the Consoli
dated Gold Mining Company and C. F.
Humphrey. W. 11. Fraser and J. F.
Waterhouse. three of its directors. The
complainant is George D. Barber of
Boston, who fays that he fcas been de
frauded out of ?i')00 by the defendants-
He asks that the affairs of the com
pany be taken out of the hands of the
orfendants, that a receiver be appoint
ed to prolect his interests and those
i>f a number of other people who suc
cumbed to the blandishments of the
promoters, ar.d that the court set aside
.1 number of alleged sales of stock and
that certain assessments levied be de-
PnMlc . prints and private advices
' from Honolulu b&Y that misfortune haa
! already overtaken the American Tra
1 vesty Company— the bunch of merry
I burleaquers that was organized here to
I tour the Orient and sailed away about
i a month ago after, playing a roost suc
! cessful two weeks' enp^-gement at the
i Grand Opera-house.
They mado an Immense professional
and social hit in the Hawaiian metropo
• lis, but illness and internal dissension
i threaten their future. Clarence W.
: Kolb, the elongated German comedian,
I has been ordered by medical men to
; return to tbe United States if he de
' sires to prolong his life, for they .found
that in view of his present physical
! condition a visit to Australia at this
1 time — it is midwinter there — would
' certainly shorten his earthly tenure.
; He has adopted their counsel, say the
¦ newspapers, and will come back to
', California at the expiration of the
'. Honolulu engagement.
The seriousness of this deprivation
i can be appreciated by any one who has
i weighed the comparative values of the
i American travesty principals in the
i Weber and Fields productions. That it
[was the team work of Kolb and Dill
: that made the pieces "go" is conceded
: by every one who saw the same play
| ers in the same plays at Fischer's
; Theater. The other prominent people —
' Barney Bernard, Maud Amber and
: Winfield Blake — had admirers in plen
i ty, but everybody admired Kolb, . the
' lanky and aggressive, and Dill, the
¦ paunchy and, passive. It is understood
j that Kolb's successor as Dill's foil will
be Harry . Cashman. a- comedian who
has played various roles at several the
| aters In this city without winning dis
i Unction in any of them. 5
; Report has it also that Barney Ber
1 nard is dissatisfied with certain condi-.
: tions and may soon return to the scene
; of his former triumphs. A letter from
; a member of the company says that
> although Maude Amber and Winfleld
I Blake were comparatively obscured in
: the advance advertising, they made a
• hit of the opening show. "Fiddle-Dee
: Dee," and that their unlooked-for suc
¦ cess did not 6erve to elevate the spirits
] of their brother and sister, mummers
i who had been extensively "featured"
! by the man ahead. "While the islanders
I laughed at Kolb and Dill and pro
nounced Bernard a clever Hebrew im
j personator, they threw -up their hats
and stamped their feet- in admiration
1 of -the statuesque leading wo.man and
. handsome leading man. One facetious
: para,Tapher dubbed him "Winthegirls"
; Blake..
The company, minus Kolb and per
| haps others of the original member
| fhip. will resume its Journey to Aus
¦ tralia on the steamer that left' this port
: last Thursday.
3Iakes Complaint Against
Alleged Schemes of Fraser,
HumphreyandWaterhouse
Maude Amber and Wfnneld
Blake Win First Honors
' From the Island People
I BEBNABD DISSATISFIED
SAYS HE IS OUT §5000
Appeals to Courts to Pro
tect Him From Promoters
of a Gold Mining Company
He Will Leave the American
Travesty Company at Hon
olnln and Come Back JBome
BOSTON MAN
CRIES "FRAUD"
COMEDIAN KOLB
IS A SICK MAN
THE SAN FRANCISGO^GALL,^SUNDAY,:sMAY;29, 1901.
44
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
A dfTf r half- hour storiette that
: " is wn more unique than
Its title sujrgesta.
PURPLE VIS1ONKD CX>W.
r- ¦¦-' • _..-....--. ¦ • ., ~ : — ~~: — : ¦ . — . '
The Reason Why
BARTLETT
is so popular as a HEALTH and
PLEASURE resort: ..
Tb« increasing numbers benefited
by visiting the Springs.
The purity- and agreeable taste of
the waters.
The delightful and health-giving
baths.
The excellency, of the table.
The dry and bracing atmosphere.
Tho walks and drives through , the
mountains.
The hunting and fishing with all
kinds of amusements.
1 Nature and man vying with each
other to give all a delightful time. !
RATES— Ifoiel. $12.00 to $17.60 per
week: housekeeping cottages, $3.00 to
$15.00 a week.
Write J. E. McMahan. Bartlett
Springs, Cal,. or call at 2 Sutler at..
San Francisco.
zJgilroy|_z
Ihotspmngs-
For health and pleasure. Reno-
vated and improved. Water
unsurpassed for rheumatism,
kidney, liver and stomach trou-
ble. Trained masseur. Long
distance phone. Trains from
Third and Toiynscnd at 9
a. m. and 3p.n1. Write for
R. ROBERTSON.
HOT SPRINGS
Why, in It so immensely popular? Becaus?
of Its rr.any wonderful f.-n-ilitks for health and
pleasure.- • Our -famous hot -team • and plungr
baths and stomach -waters aro a positive rurc
fnr Rheumatism, Malaria. Rladu>r, I-lvrr,
Kldn*y aniJ-all Stomach Trouble*. Arsenic
Tleauty Rath*. Swimming I»ond, Orchestra.
Dairy. Beautiful Walkn and r>rlv»^. IJwrj-,
Fare rfiiuwl JfV.OH round trip. Electric 1-lt; 1 '!'-".
Hard Kiljlshed Room*. Rates $10 to $12.p«r
w«*k. Uaths and amusements fn?c. Hooklet
Pecks's. 11 Montgomery and S. ¦ 1\ Co., Clo
Market »t., or • • ¦
H. H. McCOWAN. Seigler. Lake Co.
Santa Gatalina Island
3U Hours From Lcs Angeles. Season 1801.
Our Faros Marine Band.
Hunting; mountain goat, aailln?. bathln«r..
zoif tennis and the finest fishing on tba
Camp Lite a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents j at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metrosole.
Modern In all particulars.
For further Information oddn>ss
PECK'S ISFOBMATHlN BUREAU 11
Montgomery st.. or BANNING CO.. U22 S.
Spring St.. Los Angeles.
SiTcAilELO
Pacific Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The place to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and .. fishing. Kates
with board $2 oU a day. upward, cheaper than
ttaylng home. Send for Illustrated pamphleU
Addrets GKO. II. CORUY. Manager.
Harbin Springs
Most desirable' In -Lake Co.: contains sulphur.
Iron.- magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
lr»ubles: new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and * billiard-room. -Acetylene gas
plant, live-:-;', home dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Konrrd trip tickets. S. P. offlee. $7. J. A.'
HAYS. Pioprietor.
~~CAMP VACATION. ,,
Hctel undtr canvas on the Russian River
below Ourrneville in a- grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river: tennis courts; 40 new
beats: will, build a dam In the river; 4 miles
of Hmooth water for boating and bathing
Adults $2 p»r.day, $10 per -wt-wk:' children
under 10. half rates. Special rates for fami-
lies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CXO-
PIUS. Camp Vacation. •'Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County.- Oil. '¦''¦*.'-
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous 'mountain health and plcasura
retort is now CDcn for the patronage of th«
public. Address ¦ JOHN JACOBS. •
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively improved tine* . last somoo. '
Opens April 1. - THOS. U BELL, Mgr.. Ftlton.
Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauc*.
loot of Market street.' Round trip. J3.0O.
N.6.K.E. TOC/*l-O/n/\ JJ»riaO>.
Bertrand Hotel; firtt-class accommodations;
special rate* for families and parties; fishing,
hunting, boating, bathing; beautiful drives to
Bear. Valley; telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND. or. Bulletin Office, e^ery Thursday. ¦ 2
to 4 p. m. ...... ' ¦
T1FFB PA PIT INV and cottages; 6 miles from
IICEK rAKt inn Lake, Tahoe; open Juns 1;
elevation 0507 feet: mineral springs.' Booklet 1
Trawlers' Office.' 30 Montgomery st. .
' ' J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal. j
PFPfi'sHFlM Dtllgbtfully \ aituated > to \ the
OCKUJilElill Banta Crua Redwoods. Rates
17 and $* per week.. For circulars address O '
F. BIEDEKWEO. R. D. 121. Santa Crua^Cal.'
THE '. EATZBHIIiL, I Xrrtngton, I ' -
Ala. Co.. Cal.:* summer home; rates IS to $12
per week.- MRS. J. E. STRAVEN. Irvington.
Ala. Co.. Cat. ' ¦ • • - ., r r .
' * - -
CJJTf ' FXSTOXjESX, ' Mnrin ¦ County;
houseke«pUig cottages $12 per month;' hotel
rate, (8 per yrttKxm&itfmmMMaUKiS/ttaAm*
THE GEYSERS
Th« Moat Funoni BCealHi and Fle»»Ux«
\ Sesort In CallXormi*. ,--:'.;'
THE CLIMATB AND bCKNtiKr.'are unsur-
passed and tha waters are ' acknowledged th«
beet on the market. Natural mineral, ititm
and Hamiium bath*. Swlmmlnc lak* of tepid
mineral water. • Boatlr.c, hnntln». fishing.
danclnr. shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
¦ THK HOTEL. AND COTTAOEt have b««a
renovated throuchout. and new cottage* and a [
flse pavilion built thla year.
Ther* will be a, fully equipped dairy and ll»- !
•ry ctable In connection- with tha hotel. Th«
hotel. cottage«. bath houses and grounds »r»
llchted by electricity. • ¦ ' . - '. '
The botnl » ill b* supplied with the be»t th*
market affords. Rates. $10. $12. tU ar.d tin
per wetk. For further particulars and booklet
wrtU R. H. CURRT. Prop. The Oeysera.
¦ Sonoma County, California. j
AgtiaGaliente
'fk Springs
We have added .many NEW ' attractlnns ?«
thin beautiful and romantic spot: open all th»
year round: the nearest Hot Sulphur Spring's to
fcian Francisco, 'temperature 113 no
BUglns-; fare $1 10; sure cure for rheumatism. I
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five !
dllTerent Hot Sulphur Sprlns-s; tub and piuns;* |
baths and the largest mineral water kwlramlni;
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day. .$12 to $14 per. week.
Sl'-rial ratfs to families and half rates to chll- i
dren. Inquire at' Peck's. 11 . Monteomcry ¦ st.. |
or addre»» THKO: RICHARDS. Airua Ca|lente
Spring*. Kcnonia County. " California. . ¦ ¦ |
We ha\* erected a stone building, modern ,
dlnlnc-rcum; can feat 400 guests.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUP
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL |
MQNTE? NEW MANAGE- i
MENT-GOLF, GLASS- j
BO TTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS: SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
Don't stick to your desk
all summer. Spend a week
AETNA SPRINGS
You owe it to yourself and
your- work will "show, for
\ ,\ . it. Just send for BookleJ.
AETNA SPRINGS • CO.,
Napa Co., Calif. .
MARK WEST
hk p5?. i:^ SPRINGS
MRS. J. D. UI'.OST and MRS. It. KOENER
will mqnaee the vprlngs; many Improvements;
nrw cement bathhoua* and gas all over |>imc«;
VI day; $10 and $1'.' week. Office 8 W Larkln
ft., cor.' " ioar>-, or Mark West Sprlnics. »an|a
Rosa. Rural No. 0.' - ,...-..;. .
SODA BAY SPRIIMCS
Situated en Clear Lake. Hunting,*, flshlnjc,
boatliic. launch, horses. tenntK, croquet,'. dark-
rgoin. warm soda <rj.*jr in bathhouse., olub-
hous*'. etc.. Increased accommo-latlbns. modern
convenlencfs. Scenery unsurpassed. Table a
specialty. Rates p«r week." «10 to $15. . Photos
and Information at Chatfleld * Vinzenfs. 2*J8
Montgomery *t.. or LEE D. CRAIG." Manager,
Soda Cay. Kclseyvllle P." O.; "Lake Co.; Cal.
The Switzerland of America. .The only lak*
retort that has Its own mineral ftprlnga. Boat-
In;, a dimming-. ' HMiIng i and ' huntlna;. i EDGAR
1)'.:RNA.N', sole proprietor. - Laurel Dell -P. O..
LakO' County; Cal. ; ¦ . -. - ¦
LA HONDA, AND PB«CAbER6..
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City: 9
a. m. train S,d and TownserM, nnd"9:20 n. m.
train from San Joxe connect with stages direct.
Address WALTER' "KNIGHT, 1 Redwood City.
Cal. ? • ¦ . ¦
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlcic. Sisklyou County. California.
Write to EDSON BROS. "for. Booklet. • '
S^ : ; — ' ' . t " ¦ . . ¦ — -
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. ' Information' at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery ft., or at J.
MARTENS, j Bachelor P. O..* Lake- Co.. -Cal.
INDEPENDBNCE LAKE.
Flshintt: boats: excellent ¦ table; ; climate . per-"
¦fect;-lC miles from Truckee. In an unbroken
forett. For Information Inquire 'at' Tvaveirr
office. 30 llcntsomery .«t.,: Peck's 'Information
Bureau, or, Mrs. H. M. Cltmona, Truckte. Cal.
PARK HOUSE; Ben Lomond, Cal;
Under new management.'. Up to date. Brau-
tliul grounds. Running; stream and. pond wtth
Bood • flsblna-. : Play t rounds for ¦ children. Free
carriage meets all train*. J. D. CELLA. M«t.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively Improved;-. IBOO.fMt altltudx; no
tog; climate delightful; large crchard; vegetable
garden; hot, ccld' baths: spring water;- cement
swimming tank. 40x80. Rates IS week up: staco
meets train. Bchuler • A Scheben.' Napa. Cal.
flPSS|y TENTS
W. A. PLtTMME-t. /
- , .. ¦>•-. Tel. Main M9. Ill Clay st.
JOHflNNISBERG. ", v /
New hotel; modern conVenlenoei:. large, airy
dlninc-room; hunting, \ flshinr, swimming. boat-
Ing; $10 and $12 per week. xTHEO.'DLANCK-
.EKBURO. JR., Prop., Oakvlile, ¦ N«.p» , C<v.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. .30 Montgomery, at.
WAI.-J c SPBXl-CrS — On 'Ouernevllla
branch CaU-N. W.' It. iX., Sonoma Co. ; phone;
pa-vlilon; bus, meets morning tralni hot sulphur
baths;,- circulars. ,M"RS.- C'.N. MEREDITH.
prop.. Healdsburr. ¦ R. J>. 1.* " *.. tu?iiJ ¦.¦.::¦ .
"•OB REMTT AT I CAMP i -ttBBX15»— A 1
cottage, . furnished .complete for . housekeeping.
Box 095,-Catl.- ; -.-¦¦,.¦¦¦ ¦ , J , ¦.-.;.•, -...-:¦¦
OMP,'Pistoleil.;Marin -County;' housekeeping
' cottages: |12 per ' month ; ' hotel • rate. ¦¦• $3 per
• week.- -;•-.- ; - . i . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦- ¦ • ,
WHY NOT TRY
HigMarjd
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE
SpriQgs
VVE 6kfeR rOC THE BEST OF MINERAL.
TT --water». • accommodations and «ervlce. !
Tabi© unaurpaised. Rcotrv hard flntshed.v light- I
*a by .--electricity. Bulldlnga newly painted, j
All th* ixipular iiporta and amusemtnta. L4v- •
<ry, telecbone aK j potlotTivr. \
route and rheap*it fare to Lake i
County. Most centrally fltuated. Dellchtful '
excursions on Clear Lake and to other ie*orts.
Make your reservations now.
TKRMS— $10 to $17 50 per week. For Book.
Jjt "¦ etc.. rail on our ajcent. II. R. DCFFIN.
6S3 Market ftreet. or artdres* • .
CRAIG & KERR,
. Highland Sprinrs. Cal.
I' I
Spend Your Vacation
.- .for ®2O a} |
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Qnriinrfc' 3an Luis Obispo.
OJII 1 1 1^5 Ca3.
The rncst ideal retort for yleasitra and :
r*arth on th* Pacific Coast/ Buy round j
trip ticket fr<jm San Francisco to San i
,iA.-ts Hot Suluhur . Spring*. San Luis
<1>i5jio. en!., nnd retu. j. rnoludinz ttasf
to and froni turlnei ond one wtrk'i
board for 9'JO.ini to «>^-."l<l. accordlns
to location ol romns, cr beard anJ a com-
mcJations ?!>.<H» to #li:.tio per week. '
. Et-enlc yurroundinxs. free bathing. :
l»"AtliiX and Cshlns on crounds. Fin-
*h3»iy walks, tennis and croquet srour.ds.
•lrfii< r l-HVlll'.n fcr yce*t*. Fin* sea
bea<-h one mile from Hot Sulphur Sprlnsa.
Cottac-es an-1 furniture are all new. Gai
throa^hou: . bulldlnic? ' ai;.1 srounda. Our
ta I. If l» weir suptilled with. the best the
markei. affords. - Our star? meets trclns
'arriving at San Luis Or>m<o at 31:13 u. m.
,«v»-ry dav teXceut Sunday*. ,
.This ib oo hospital ur •inatorlurn. :
H Situated In Vendomr Vark <-f I
,K aTfjs » charming mlmmer resort: li
fJS .both city and cou'.itiy Bdvan;a*<--«: B
.• P "automobile p^raRf <<n the an.un.l.i H
'"¦¦•' ftr * to {rufrsts. Hathlng pavilion. B
¦ bowling alley, tennis, etc. N«w. V
'¦'. .auto roxd mxp> of the c unty D I
f ' ¦ malUd on applloatlun. . I
1 ¦ J. T. BROOKS," Manager. \
-'\£mtrnri\*\f int ' ' J " J!1 'tvrv™® '
: CURRY \
THE, BEST I
;; WEATHER FINS ?
I FALLS FULL {
y 1
X3JLj w JC2-J
GRAND OPENING
and Dedication of the Exten-
sive Beach Improvements at
''New"
Santa Cruz
Saturday Ev'ng, June 1 1
Grand Flre-rorks Display by California
Fireworks Co, r.rilllant Electrical Illu-
mlnattrmx of Pacific Ave. and Rsplanade,
N*ptun« Casino. Flnnare Uaths and Pleas-
ure Pier. Third Artillery Band, U. S. A.,
Concert and Ball.
Special Excursions via S. P.Ry
DECORATION DAY
HOLIDAYS.
SPECIAL EXCURSION RATES
FOR THE TIJREK HOLIDAYS.
j:\rf SATURDAY, SUNDAY AND
-MONDAY, MAY SStli.
20th and 30th. the
California Northwestern Ry.
Will make one fare for the round
trip from San Francisco to all
points - on the road except sub-
urban. ¦- '
- "These tickets will be good so-"
inp Saturday. Sunday or Monday,
with the return limit Tuesday,
May 21st.
This will give many an oppor-"
turrity to get out into the country
-for a short trip just when it is
at its prettiest.
Get a copy of
"VACATION, J934."
Look over it and take a pleasant
' trip during- these three days, and "
at the samtj time arrange for •
your Summer Outing-.
On Monday. May T.Oth. the train
will leave Camp Vacation at 5:00
p. m.: Russian River Heights,
5:10 p. m.; Ouernewood Park,
5:15 p. m., and Onerneville at
5:20 p. m. From Glen Ellen at
6:15 p. m. IJotii trains will atop
at intermediate points, arriving
- in San Francisco at 8:45 p. m.
FREE EXCURSION
-TO—
SPRINGS
MAY ICX^ 19O4.
CAZADERO
Tie Gem of An Northern Betreatt.
Grove, roreat. Glade, and Dell.
Crest. Canyon, Hill and Sal*.
Jtnoll. Knob, FeaJc and Mountain.
The horn« of the trout and the haunt of tha
aeer. Reached over the North Shore Ry.. Yto
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased this resort for a num-
. m J re » r «- To-day I have the pleasure to
tell you that, owing to last season's big and
unprecedented patronage. I have purchased tale
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation haa been made of all the prop-
erties. Insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley haa
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat«
Ing and bathing on the river, all tree to guests.
Free camping-grounds in the Cazadero gtaat
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must be compiled with.
• Lots, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $1M
up. and cottaa-es built to suit at city figures.
Take Sausallto Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip, good for six months, $3 73.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. $3; no stag-
ing; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages. $2 per day; $10 to $14 per week; spe-
cial rate by the month.
i For particulars other than herein gtren write
; 3. 3. THIRION. owner and manager. Hotel dal
I Caxadero. -Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Share
R. R. office. ZZG Market St.. San Francisco.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
•TN THE MOUNTAINS BT THK **,*.-
BEN MUO.VD- Santa Cms County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Win open May 15th under entirely new maa*
sgement. Round 'tip tickets from 8an Vraa-
elsco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery sC. 9. F.. or to WILLIAM c
DODGE. Lessee.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to the
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line .n tbe State. Leaves Calls*
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Seigler. Adams. Howard. An-
derson. Hobergs. Spiers. Astorgs and Glenbrook:
half hour fnr luach at Callstoga; also to Mid-
dletown. Lower Lake, KeUeyvtile and Lakeport.
LJvery In connection. WM. SPIERS, Prop.
WHY EXPEKTMSKTr
Go to ADAMS SPRINGS
Lalce County. CaL. and get cured of stomacX
liver and kidney trouble. Information at Peck's
Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.. and at Travelers'
Bureau. 30 Montgomery st. Reduced rates, $3
for round trip. Testimonials of more people
cured than any springs in California. Send lor
book. Address DR. W. R. PRATHER, Adams
Springs.
THE TALLAC **&,.
Now open. The Summer Resort of America.
European plan only. Cafe first-class. Prices rea-
sonable. Resident physician. No consumptives.
Pamphlets at S. P. office. «13 Market street. Ad-
dress M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallac. Cal.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cm aSountalns,
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Co.. 613 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cal
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL LTNDON — Modern lmproretneata,
extecstve grounds; popular amusements; laws
tennis, croquet: climate nneurpaseed. Opposite
depot. 3. P. MOGENSON. Prop.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Open Jose 1. new hotel; large dining-room,
telephone, hunting, fishing, swimming. bowl-
Ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau.
SO Montgomery st. DR. W. A. McCORNACK.
proprietor.
BROCKWAY
Lake Tahoe.
op2ns Jtnra ltt.
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON; MgT..
Brockway. Cat
TASOS TAVEKJT — Situated on th*
shores of Lake Tahoe. the largest and most
beautiful body of water In the world at this
elevation. Is now open for the accommodation
. Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. , Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. -.WEISMAX, Mldlake P. O.. Lake Co.. CaL.
or call on Dr. Happersberger. 1104 Market. S. F.
nil r\ f\ Bl H«t/ Sprlnsrs; on l!ns South-
I J V I J I I r\| ern P^ciAc; 2H hours from
f\ 1 W\ I I IU San*Kninci*c'»; il trains
If I 1 1 I I IB dally; luxurious mineral
\3 II I U I I and * mud baths; hotel
unique : is cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau, til.5 Market - rt.. Peck's BurCau, 11
Montgomery ft., or. H. It. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. California.'
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management; .no staging; depot on
grounds: . phone; fare $2 40; Tiburon ferry;
rates $10 to $15 week: table first-class; our
own dairy; hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
For the next sixty days th* Tuscan Mineral
Springs Corporation fill furnish railroad trans-
portation to and from Tuscan isprlngs and any
points within 300 miles, free to -visitors who
t-pwul thirty days, and free fare on* way to
those spending twenty days at the springs.
Send f>Uc in stamps for bottle of stomach and
catarrh fait. Booklet free.
Rates $12 per tveek and up.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRING CORP.,
Tuscan. .Cat,
¦"sAXJff /»Of» HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
«JA /IlJLIO COUNTY; only 4«4 hours
VllflVVV tTOm san Francisco and
but 9 jnlles ctaging; wa-
ters ncted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mliitrml water bath In State: boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek; good trout
steams: telephone, tel|graph, dally mall, ex-
press and Sau Franctsio mornln; and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages.
round trip from San Francisco only $5 SO. Taka
Tiburon ferry dally nt 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 k fiay or $12 a wesk. References, any
gueit of the past nine years. Patronage* of
1003 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau. II Montgomery St.. or of
livery; Diuiaras: croquet, lioouie: i'pck s kii-
reau, ll-.Montsomery .«t.. cr BARKER &
ROSS. Lytton. Springs, Sonoma County, Cal.
• WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Santa Ho*a— H^autlful grounds, all Kind* -of
amusements: valuable water; - cures . rheuma-
tlv.ii. ,drutny. dyspepsia, livrr, kidney. ca-
tarrh, stomach troubles: phone; bus meets
train; take Tlburon ferry; rates per week $3
up.^H. A. D -FLEMING. -Santa Rosa. CaL
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital; best equipped on Coast: niod-
<vn Improvements; large treatment rooms;
ideal location; G% acres; one block from street
cars; write for literature. San Jose, Cal.
vicwr springs
Three miles iroci Ukiah, Mendoclno County.
Natural /electric, waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal
spring; accommodations and table first clans.
i'l-.-^' J. , A. .REDEMETER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
- OPEN May 15. - Two miles from Hopland.
.Tins raedtulnal waters; Hard- finished hotel.
Excellent Ublt. Rates $10. to $12- per week.
CAnntiC DCCT Forde'i Rest, heart of Santa
rORDbb Kbbl cruz Mts.. s. p. c. n. r..
round trip. $3: enlarged; surruunded by two ro-
mantic tiout streams; fishing, hunting, bathing;
a picturesque, place. ¦- Adults Sr. ."(> per week,
children half price. W. C. FORDE. Eccles,
Cai.. . ..-. . ¦ " . i --. "¦ • -¦ ¦> ¦ •¦ - - - - .-¦.¦
own'snimerHomB gSsSSiS CaupMesier-
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $1*
up; cottages built by Meeker. $30 up; depot;
¦tons;', restaurant;- hotel: post and express;
telephone; sawmill; 900 lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausall to ferry. N. 8. > R. J R- M. C
MEEKER, i Camp Meeker. • Sonoma County.
Suits
20 Post Street :
J. F. MUI.GRETV. Skaggs, CaL ¦
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINK— Hopland to Harriett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at HopUnd. Leave Hopland -at -12 :30;
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs v at 7 :30. New 6-horse l-t-pasjeng-er
tourist wagons, with all the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart.
let* Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Sprlagj
Htaee Line. Tickets can be purchased at office
of CalUornla N. W. Rr.. 650 Market St.. or
at Tlburon fernr.^ & HOWARp>
WHITE SULPBtnt SP*I3TOS. VaUeJo,
CaL— Mott accessible springs to Ban Francisco;
round trip $1. no stage fare; only 2H hours'
ride- 3 miles trom Vallejo: hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and
gtomach diseases. Beautiful? grounds and lake
for boating ami bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates.
$10 a weekf Including baths. Addres. MAN-
UEL HAUR1P. Vallcjo. CaL ¦ - .
JVIOtXKTAXSr VIEW RANCH HOTEL
**»an<! cottaRt-s. in the mountains, near Santa
OujT First-class table and accom.. gas, baths,
nhune dally mall, bowling, croquet, amuse-
mVntsV term*. $S> up. Campers to Glenwood. Inc.
"an are *5 T5 round trip. FREDEIIICKSEN
suc"s to F. It. Dunn. SanU Crus.
CAXXTO3WIA SEDWOOD FABK (Btg
rvnaln)— L'clon Mill Camp and, Tavern: 8 miles ?
f^m Boulder Creek K. ft. station. Daily stage.
Kamlly ' table; Furnished cabins; camuing
grounds ; $» and $10 per week. Under the giant
reO woods; pe«" fect climate: grand- scenery.
.•SEPP" GRAHAMER. Boulder Creek. CaL
" X.AUBE& GKOVE' PABX^-Chlldren's
resort during summer vacation; best of home
care; beautiful grounds: climate perfect: fresh
milk and egg*: open June t: terras $5" per
week. MRS. G. W. NICHOLS. Dlmond P. O..
Frultvel*. - ' "-' "' ¦ ', ".- •- • *¦-
_ . . BSSWOOD YTXmJm A SSSOXT.
" Excellent board. : home cooking; tent ground.
if desired. 1 with board. $3. Boom and board $3
"to $10. Best hunting and fishing. MRS. A. L.
•ACKERM AN. La Honda. San Mateo County.
WILLOW j RANCH, delightfully located- in
redwoods. 5 miles from Santa Cruz. Spring
water, fruit, milk. ' excellent table.; dally mall;
free conveyance:- $7- week; phone Suburban 87.
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Crus. CaL .
COUNTRY, BO ABB — Orchard, garde*,
poultry. '. cows. ' comfortable home.- Address
Manxana Farm, Redwood City. -
JMEBBBMRSlHIBKailltStaSttSnBaiMM^H *
of guests. The tavern will bo conducted this
season by Mr. F. \V. Richardson, maoacer o£
California'* famous mission hotel, Ths Glen-
wood, Riverside, which la sufficient Jtuarantea
that tt will b« strictly flrst-clasa. Tho table
will be supplied with all dellcaciea of th« sea-
son. whll« fishermen will be constantly era-
nloycd to furnish, lake trout. For rrnxo* addresa
I*. W. RICHARDSON.
CAMPBELL HOT SVTtXStOS,
In Sierra Nevada Mountains, Sierra County.
3000 feet deration. Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley. SO
mllea long by 5 miles wide, surrounding wbica
la the great primeval forest of pin* and fir. A
specialty is mad* of the table. The hot springs
are unoqualed for tha cur* of rheumatism,
tout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and iUd diseases Bates for room and board.
$12 to il* pc weelc Round trip from Saa
Francisco to sprtnrs via Boca, $14 £0. Stage
dally except Sunday, connecting witi « p. m,
train trom San Francisco.
. WKITSET HOUSE,
Truckee Cal. Tbe leading hotel. Headquar-
ters for 'tourists and commercial men. Summer
and winter resort. - Meal station for pass-m-
rerj. Stage for Lakes Independence and Wet>-
ber. CamDbell Hot Springs and SlerravUle.
STEWART McKAT, proprietor.
ZJiXS TAHOE.
LAKESIDE PARK. Open May 1. Hotel,
cottages and tents. Popular family raaort. De-
lightful camping grounds near steamer lead-
ing. Furnished tents to rent. Booklets. Trav-
elers" Bureau. SO Montgomery at., or of E. tt.
Smith A Co.. Statellne P. O.. CaL
mrx obots."
Lake Tahoe half a mile cast of Tallsc. ea
lak.« shore; rates $2.00 a day; $10.00 a week:
meals 60c Good saddle horses and tha best
of livery. Boats free to all guests. 3. K.
PARMETER. proprietor. Tallac. CaL
Lliro?rrx > s paex, Oncxnrrilla.
A resort for your family. Partly furnished
cottages, . $12 per month and up. Tents and
platforms. Near Russian River. Board and
room at $7 60 per week. See PECK'S. 11
Montgomery tt.
OCCrDESTAI. HOTEL, HA"JrWAKD3,
First-class resort; tennts. croquet, bowling,
amusement hall, etc Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. OAUDARO. Prop., phone
Black HI.
ttlVESSIDE HOTEL and COTTAGES
— Near beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds; so-
cial rates to famines; write for booklet. V.
BARSON. Proprietor. Santa Crua.
- BEUIVUIi HOTEL El VeranQ So*
noma Co.. Cal Terma, $1 day and u.V hot
mineral springs near by. Lome distance tele-
phone; daily mall. JOHN' SERRES. Proprietor.
SCSAZTSB'S GROVE — SOSS VALLEY.
Private boarding; terma reasonable. Team
meets Sunday morning trains. Address UKa.
MATT LINDSAT. Ros» StaUon.
LAKE SHOES KOUSS — Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottases to rent $3 up. lst-classboard.mil*
and criam. fresh vegetables. D. COUILX>ARL>.
DE LA ROZA resorts Santa Crus Mountains;
• cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS. Mgr.. Glbbs. CaL
-n'bbjLLI tALL
16 Pages. $1 pep Year