• CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, May \ 18.— It . was f 8:30 o'clock
when Chairman Burnett rapped for
order for ¦ the' night session. Albert
Brown of Napa, - Postmaster at ' the
Veterans' Home, who attended ; the
Republican convention • of 1856, was
called to the platform . and three
rousing cheers were given for. him. He
told, of coming, up the. Sacramento
River in 1856 "to attend that convention
and recited, a number, of, political stories
of the early, days. He referred to-many
of the' leading men who attended; that
convention and' said they were the men
who made California what she is to
day. He said the meeting-was held out-
Little Business at
the Night Ses
sion.
Continued on Page 4, Column 1.
Continued on Page 4, Column 7.
DELEGATES WHO WILL BE SENT. TO NATIONAL CONVENTION
AT LARGE.
GOVERNOR GEORGE C. PARDEE of Alameda. GEORGE A. KNIGHT, of San Francisco.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS of San Francisco. J. W. McKINLEY of Los Angeles.
FIRST DISTRICT. ' . ,
Delegates. , Alternates.
JOHN CBUtL JR., Humboldt. F. P. TUTTLE, Placer. ,
C. E. CLINCH, Nevada. , D. D. DODSON, Tehania. „. , !
SECOND PISTRICT.
JAMES STEFFENS, Sacramento. C. Cv DONOVAN, Sonoma.,
W. P. HAMMON, Butte. WILLIAM VAN AIiLEN,.4Jendociiio.
Delegates. "^ DISTmCT ' Alternateg . l^ *
GEORGE W. REED,* Oakland. r DR. T. OLMSTEAD, Oakland.
W. L. CROOKS, Benicia. , J. • P. ; STOWE, -Walnut Creek.
FRANK H. SHORT,, Fresno. . J. H. FOX, Kings.
DR. J. G. PRIESTLY, San Joaquln. . . .".¦•; A. .-W.-..WYMAN, Santa Cruz. '"",¦
OSCAR LiAWIjOR,; Los Angeles. ,, - GUY; K. WOODWARD, Los Angeles.
JOHN H. NORTON, Los Angeles. WILLIS BOOTH, Lbs Angeles.
'. •'' - ' EIGHTH DISTRICT. ¦': ¦• \ {'• '
: '.' - ' " Delegates. ¦ ,' ' Alternates.
D. F. HUNT, Santa Barbara. • DRv.F. W . HASSON, ••¦"Orange.-
E. D. ROBERTS, San Bernardino. . . ..... A. P. JOHNSON, Riverside,
Fourth and Fifth districts will meet In San Francisco, '¦ Friday night, In Shiels HaU. "
VANCOUVER. B. C. May IS. — Chief
of Police Stewart dropped '" , dead In
court to-day at Nanaimo while the
Assizes was proceeding, of apploplexy.
He had occupied the office for thlrty
tight years, He was .7.1 zea» of a«%
Chief of Police Drops Dead.
. CHEFU, May. 18.— As a result of the
engagement which, the Japanese had
on Monday with the Russian garrison
at Kaichou, on the coast of Liaotung
peninsula, the Russians were driven
out of Kaichou, which is the nearest,
point to Newchwang, with the excep
tion of the Liao. River, where there 13
sufficient water io allow of the land
ing of troops, - — -
Russians Driven From Kalchou.
KISHENEV, May 18. — The last trial
of persons connected with the Jewish
riots was concluded before the Court
of Appeals to-day. Georgitz and Re
denkoff were deprived of their civil
rights and sentenced to eight months'
imprisonment for disturbance of the
peace. . Kobaliehuba and Gohoff were
sentenced to a year's solitary confine
ment for attempted . homicide. Sib
lieff and Roolkoff were condemned to
four years' penal servitude for mur
der.' 5
Several Receive Heavy Sentences for
Part In Anti-Jewish
Attacks.
TRIAIi OF KISHENEV
RIOTERS IS CONCLUDED
doors and : It was generally j understood
that the j delegates • were to jl be rotton
egged. 1 but :in those days 'it was cus-'
tomary- to "form - vigilant committees
'and ; the delegates were ' not rotton
egged.. ; From that; day to the present,
he ' added,- he had always endeavored
to put ' forward the principles of the
Republican party. He had 'grown 'up
<with .'• It" and he< said -he ! could | under
stand why it had been successful;
r '"It 'has always been in the forward
van of advancement," he said. "It has
settled questions which have met the
approvaland sanction of; the best peo
ple'of America. Its leaders have al
ways kept their faces to the light and
never 1 have- betrayed 'human 1 liberty.
-When f the ' Democratic party » had the
power it betrayed liberty inthe^temple
of the "country.
¦ "If Dante was living,to-day.andJook
ed on Tammany's tiger he would see
a picture not equaled by any picture of
hell."
.: Brown next took up , the subject of
* CALL - HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, May 18.— The question of se
lecting delegates at large to the Repub
lican' National * Convention > was ; defi
nitely settled to-day and to-morrow
the State Convention of the party, here
assembled, ' will ] elect the following
named: j Governor George C. Pardee of
Alameda, „ John D. 8preckels of San
Francisco, George A. Knight of San
Francisco and J: TV. McKinley of Los
Angeles. . As alternates the following
nam*d may be elected: A. Ruef of San
Francisco, TV. R. Porter of Santa Cruz,
A. "W. Forbes of Tuba and Ferdinand
K. Rule of Los Angeles.
R. N.'Bulla of Los Angeles has had
aspirations for some time to be elected
a delegate, at large to -the National
Convention. His candidacy engaged
some attention, but he withdrew from
the contest - with the understanding
that at the August convention he would
be named as Presidential elector. The
inllcations are the selection of the en
tire national delegation will be accom
plished without friction.
The committee, on resolutions has
been overwhelmed with work, and to
relieve it of its burden a sub-committee
has been appointed to revise the docu
ments. The committee will report to
morrow forenoon, and In all probability
the convention will adjourn sine die
before the afternoon is far advanced.
Awaiting Reports
From Various
Committees.
No Contest Over
the Delegates
at Large.
H. H. Asquith summed up for the
opposition and what was something
of a storm in a teacup ended with a
vote of 251 to 306, defeating Black's
motion.
Then Chamberlain reiterated that
he did not wish to raise the fiscal ques
tion In the House. He said he sup
ported the Government and would
continue to do so. He hoped that the
Premier would take his own time to
carry out his policy.
Balfour said his , Sheffield speech
still represented the advice he would
give to the country if asked to-morrow
to give an election address. With a
touch of passion the Premier, amid
loud Ministerial cheers, repudiated
Lord Hugh Cecil's charge of cowardice
against Chamberlain, saying that Lord
Hugh was "the man to be accused of
lack of courage."
ACCUSATION OF COWARDICE.
At last there was comparative quiet
and then Lord Hugh Cecil, with much
heat and amid a great uproar, ac
cused Chamberlain of cowardice la
dodging the Issue by refusing to meet
his opponents In the House on the
campaign .which he had preached
throughout the country.
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach threw a
bombshell into the free food camp by
announcing that he would not sup
port Black's motion.
Twenty-one Unionist free traders
voted against the Government, but
more than double that number would
have done so but for Balfour's skillful
intervention between Chamberlain and
his opponents.
The net result of the debate, which
crowded the House of Commons to a
greater extent than it has been In this
session, Is that all parties stand as
they were. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach
and his Immediate following prac
tically saved the day by refusing to
vote with "Winston Churchill. Lord
George Hamilton, Lord Hugh. Cecil
and other more ardent Unionist free
traders- against Balfour.
In the course of debate Lord Hugh
Cecil, in scathing satire, denounced
the policy of his cousin, the Premier.
Chamberlain interrupted him . and
then a storm of Interruptions and
cries of "order" rose from the Radical
and Liberal branches. Chamberlain
sat down and twice the speakers ap
pealed to the members to give the
former Colonial Secretary a hearing.
PARTY STATUS UNCHANGED.
The Premier adhered to his policy
as outlined In his recent Sheffield
speech.
LONDON, May 18. — By a majority
of 55 Premier Balfour to-night suc
cessfully defeated an attempt to upset
the Government upon the fiscal ques
tion. An interesting debate, charac
terized by some heated exchanges,
took place, resulting ir> the Premier's
reiterated determination to shelve the
question of fiscal reform until the
next Parliament. In this decision Jo
seph Chamberlain publicly concurred.
The motion upon which the ques
tion came up was made by Alexander
W. Black, memb.er_ from Banffshire.
Scotland, and an advanced Liberal,
welcoming the Ministerial declarations
that "protective taxation of food
would be burdensome to the people
and injurious to the empire." In pur
pose the motion was intended to cen
sure Chamberlain and the latter'3
amendment to it would have split up
the Unionist party and possibly would
have : in the defeat of the
Government.
Balfour's own amendment to shelv<»
the question left a middle course open
to the members of the Unionist party
and, although the amendment was not
put, the House accomplished the de
feat of Black's Indirect censure on the
ground that It was not now necessary
to discuss the fiscal Question.
Lord Hngh Cecil Accuses Chamberlain
of Cowardice and Is Himself
Denounced.
Attempt to Upset the Got
. eminent on the Fiscal
Question Fails.
British Premier De :
leats Opposition
Coup.
BALFOUR'S
TACT SAVES
MINISTRY
REPUBLICANS OF CALIFORNIA MEET
IN CONVENTION AT STATE CAPITAL
VESSELS
SUNK IN
ATTACK
Heportefl Loss of
Two Japanese
Warships,
Blown Up by Mines
WMle Shelling
Port Arthur.
; Russian Refugees Tell ol
Disaster to Admiral
Togo's Fleet
FLASHLIGHT PICTURE •• OF THB ¦
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION IN r
SESSION AT SACRAMENTO.
Delegates Elect
Judge Burnett
Chairman.
Eloquent Tribute
Paid to the
President.
- CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, May 18. — An orchestra at
the speaker's desk," half concealed 'by
flowers and foliage, discoursed sweet
music as the delegates to the conven
tion entered the Assembly chamber.
The spacious hall was beautifully dec
orated, the national colors dominat
ing.' Pictures of Washington, Lincoln,
Grant, Ga'rfield, ' Harrison, McKinley
and Roosevelt were in appropriate
position. At 2:80 p. m. William M.
Cutter, chairman , of the " Republican
State Central Committee, rapped the
delegates to order. He extended his
congratulations | on the fine Uppear
ance of the convention and remarked
Judge Burnett . of Sonoma . Is Unani
mously Elected Chairman. .
CONVENTION ORGANIZES.
to ; conduct , the Presidential campaign
in . California.
CHEFU, May 19,11:30
a. m. — Russian refugees
who arrived here to-day
on a junk from Port Dalny
say that the Japanese bom
barded Port Arthur last
Monday. Russian officers
who were on Golden Hill
declared, according to the
refugees, that during the
bombardment a Japanese
battleship and a cruiser
struck mines and sank.
The warships reported to
have been sunk were the
battleship Shikishima and
the armored cruiser Asa
ma. The story is not be
lieved here, but the Rus
sians who brought the
news insist that it is true.
The Shikishima is a first-class bat
tleship of 14,850 tons displacement.
She is 400 feet in length, 75 feet beam
and has a draught of 27 feet and an
Indicated horsepower of 14,500. Her
armor belt is 9.4 inches thick and her
turret armor Is 14.6 Inches thick. Her
deck armor is of 3.5 inches. She car
ries four 12-inch guns, fourteen 6-inch
puns and twenty quick firers. She has
five torpedo tubes. Her speed is reck
oned at 18.5 knots and she carries, a
complement of 741 men. The Shiki-
Ehima was built on the Thames in
1698.
According to a recent list of Jap
anese navy officers, I. Teragaki was
In command of the Shikishima.
According to the same list. S. Tat
eu^hiro was in command of the ar
mored cruiser Asama. This vessel Is
of 9750 tons displacement. Her length
is 408 feet, beam 67 feet, and her
draught 24 feet. Her indicated horse
power Is 19,000 and her speed 22
knots. Her armor belt is 7.3 inches
thick. She carries four 8-inch guns ;
fourteen 6-inch guns and nineteen
smaller ones. She was built in 1898.
LOSSES OF THE JAPANESE.
Casualties fn Late Fighting Total One
Hundred and Forty-Six.
TOKIO, May 18.— An official report
from the second Japanese army shows
that the railroad north of Port Arthur
has been cut in five places. Between
May 5 and 17 the Japanese losses have
been 146 men.
The official reDort of the landing of
the- second Japanese army has been re
ceived here. It is as follows:
"The army arrived at the pre
arranged place on May 5, and, under
cover of the navy, began landing at 8
o'clock in the morning. None of the
ennny was observed. According to
native reports there were about 300 of
the enemy at Pulandlen, 100 on Pitzewo
road, 200 at Pitzewo and 600 in front of
CALL HEADQUARTERS. , SACRA
MENTO, May 18.— Harmony reigns in
the Republican camp. The orchestra In
the assembly chamber renders sweet and
alluring music before and after prayer.
Fair singers with. inspiring voices sing
the national hymn and the liberty-lov
ing, law-abiding and peace-promoting
Republicans Join in the singing. • It is
so different from the Santa Cruz con
vention, where Jaw bury Jones /raved
and Hutchinson Imagined vain things;
where even the musicians of the Angel
Island band were not permitted to ride
in the Hearst band wagon. The dele
gates and spectators to-day were'en
thusiastic to a high degree. Whenever
the name of Theodore Roosevelt was
mentioned a mighty round of applause
was the response * of " the ' audience.
Judge A. G. Burnett, who was chosen
chairman, added to his laurels, as ; a
polished speaker and also won cora-
pliments forhis falrnessin the makeup
of the committees on organization! cre
dentials and platform. . .
Many of the eminent party leaders
are on the ground and freely partici
pate in the harmony. ¦ Black Hayes and
Johnny Mackenzie breathe the same
kind of air and A. Ruef makes no
reference whatever to • Judge McKin
ley's accomplishments as a typewriter.
The harmony, is so all absorbing that
the Alameda delegation can find noth
ing to fight over. In the. Fifth Con
gressional District there Is Just the
sign of a Jar, hence it was deemed best
to defer the selection of district dele
gates until . next Friday . evening at
Ehiels Hall, San Francisco.
C. B. Greenwell ! of Santa Barbara
and E. O. Gerberding of Ventura are
here and will no doubt keep an ; eye
on the remaining fences of , Senator
Bard to guard against any damage
that might be caused by George Hat
ton and John Lynch. Senator Bard
will be in California next Tuesday.
It was observed to-day that Thomas
Flint seemed well pleased when . the
standing committees were announced.
No signs of displeasure were manifest
ed by John A. Britton, Charles E.
Snook, Charles H. Spear, John • F.
Davis, . W. M. Cutter, Colonel Forbes
and A. Ruef. " ¦ »' '¦*¦
It <s not expected that Chairman
Burnett will please everybody when It
comes to the appointment of men to
comprise the executive committee of
the State committee,- for these .ap
pointees will be . charged with'' the
responsibility of electing a I chairman
Continued on Page 3, Column 3.
. Forecast made at Baa Traa
cltco lor thirty tours ending
midnight May 19, 19O4t
Saa rranclvco and Tidaiity—
raiJVjhursday; brisk westerly
wind*.
a. a. vcaz>xs,
District 7orecMtcr.
TRS WEATHES.
Alcaxar— "CoUnette." SUtin*s
i *>«¦*• N^ *
California "Our Hew Minister."
Central— TJown by the Sea."
drateti — VaudovtO*.
Columbia. — "B«aa Bin-nroet"
Grand — **Iimyi « «w nMOc»/"
Orpbroaa— 'V»od«rtOe.
TItoM-A*. Basawa? Ql*l«"
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TWENTY PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY ' 19," 1904— PAGES 1 TO 10.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 171.
The San Francisco Call.PHYSICIAN CHARGES
WI FK WITH INSANITY
William Weston was treated at the
Central Emergency Hospital last night
for an incised wound of the left hip
received at the butchers' picnic from
a knife thrust by an unknown assail
ant.
Stabbed at Butchers* Picnic.
WALLA WALLA. Wash.. May IS. —
Unless 100 Walla Walla volunteers
come forward quickly with contribu
tions of skin for grafting purposes,
Mrs. Wiliam Nave, who lies in hor
rible agony at St. Mary's Hospital
here, must die. One-fourth of Mrs.
Nave's body is so badly burned that
the cuticle cannot be restored except
by grafting. A public appeal for
volunteers will be made by her physi
cian jto-morrow.
Mrs. Nave's frail little daughter has
already volunteered fourteen pieces and
her husband has offered eighteen. Her
doctor, and her nurses are other con
tributors and general public response
is expected. It will be the most ex
tensive skin grafting probably ever at
tempted in the State.
Eight weeks ago Mrs. Nave stum
bled upon the stairs with a lamp,
which exploded as she fell to the bot
tom. She is the wife of Deputy
Sheriff William Nave of Wallula,
Wash. ,/k
MUST GRAFT' SKIN TO
SAVE WOMAN'S LIFE
The committee on temporal economy
this afternoon decided to recommend
to the General Conference of the Meth
odist Episcopal Church, now in session
here, that the size of future G#ieral
Conferences be reduced from a basis of
2 delegates to every 45 members of an
nual conferences to a basis of 2 for
every 60 members. This would reduce
the size of General Conferences to 550
members, instead /of 750 members, on
the basis of the present church mem
bership.
the same large assemblage and gen- :
eral impatience to hear the tellers' an
nouncement. Hearty applause greeted
the appearance of the tellers on the
floor and this quickly subsided to ab
solute quiet when their report was
handed to Presiding Bishop Merrill for
announcement. A storm of applause
vrh4h the first words of the report,
showing Dr. Berry elected by a vote
of 531 — 44- more than the number neces
sary to a choice — fell from the Bishop's
lips. After the reading of the entire
list of candidates voted for, 120 In num
ber, a second ballot was ordered and
at once proceeded with. Upon retire
ment of the tellers the conference ad
journed until 9 o'clock to-morrow
morning.
Gut Fong, the Chinese woman who
was stabbed by a highbinder Tuesday
night as she was returning to her home
at 19 Baker alley from a theater, died
from the effects of her wounds at sun
rise yesterday morning. The police
have succeeded in learning the identity
of her assailant and Detective George
McMahc/n expects to have him behind
prison bars before he finds a chance
to leave the city.
The murder of the woman was a
most brutal one. According to infor
mation received. Duck Gon, a notori
ous character in the heathen district,
wielded an ugly-looking dagger white
two of hi3 accomplices held the victim.
Gut Fong was stabbed many times
and as soon as she was released ran a
few steps and fell in a pool of her own
blood. Death came a few hours later.
The woman was the proprietress of a
bagnio in the alley and her husband is
at present In China. For some tims
past tribute has been levied upon her
by highbinders, but when the extortion
became too severe she refused to meei
with the demands of the blackmailers
any further. When this decision be
came known her life was threatened
and taken.
Gut Tons, Who Was Stabbed by High
binder, Dies at the Emergency
Hospital.
The regular monthly meeting of the
volunteer school of the Inspecting
Physicians' Association was held last
night in the rooms of the Board of
Health. A large number of the doc
tors who are looking after the health
of the school children were present
and discussed the many phases of the
work. The many problems that are
continually arising were thoroughly
gone into and the best methods of
facilitating inspection were con
s'dered.
Dr. Tillman was present as the offi
cial representative of . the Health
Board and advised the Inspectors on
doubtful points- Dr. Deane, the chief
inspecting occulist, explained the pur
poses of the report on the condition
concerning the, eyes and ears of the
children, which the school teachers
will be required to fill out. Great In
terest Is being manifested by the doc
tors in their work.
VOLUNTEER PHYSICIANS
HOLD MONTHLY MEETING
Doctors Who Are Looking After
Health of School Children Dis
cuss Various Phases of Work.
CHINESE WOMAN SUCCOIBS
TO WOUNDS FROM DAGGER
TACOMA, Wash., May 18.— Dr. A. E.
Disbrow of Crelghton, Neb., has been
arrested at Sioux City, charged with
defrauding J. H. Hanna of Bellingham
out of $7000 by selling him a "whisky
cure" formula. • The purchaser claims
the cure was simply morphia, which
buoyed up the alcoholic-soaked spirits
of the inebriate long enough to make
him willing to part with his money.
Hanna bought a third interest in DIs
brow's proposed company for $3000, and
later bought another partner's interest
for $4000, thus sinking $7000. This
transaction occurred nearly two years
ago. Last year Disbrow defeated an
attempt to extradite him from NeV
braska on technical grounds. He Is
fighting arrest at Sioux City by habeas
corpus.
Nebraska Doctor Is Accused of Ob
taining Money by False
Pretenses.
ARRESTED FOR SKLTASG
BOGUS WHISKY CURE
Slow Progress Is Made in
Methodist Conference Elec
tion tit Los -Angeles
Successive adjournments did ' not
break the intense interest in the re
sult of the balloting manifested by the
throngs of Fpectators who filled the
boxes and crowded the balcony and
gallery. Each convention witnessed
Robert Mclntyre and F. E. Bovard
are both Los Angeles Ministers. M. C.
B. Mason (colored), who received
Fixty-six votes, stated to the confer
ence after the first ballot that he was
rot a candidate and requested the
delegates not to vote for him. .
Among the complimentary votes
coast were twenty-six for E. R. Dille
of Oakland; four for G. A. Rader, edi
tor of the Conference Christian Advo
vate; twenty-three for Rev. Matt
Hughes of Kansas City and forty
eight for Rev. William Bird.
'MUCH INTEREST DISPLAYED.
It was practically a foregone con
clusion that Dr. J. F. Berry would be
named as one of the eight Bishops to
be elected, and it was no surprise to
the delegates when it was announced
that he had been elected by a decisive
inajorltiy on the first ballot. Dr. Bar
ry received an ovation when the fig-
Tires were announced, the entire as
sembly rising and applauding him as
he was escorted to a sea.t among the
Bishops on the platform.
There were scofes of complimentary
votes, ranging from one to ten, in
many cases, and from that up to twen
ty. Dr. J. M. Buckley, the Xew York
editor, was honored with twenty-three
votes.
BISHOP BERRY APPLAUDED.
Dr. Henry Spellmeyer of Newark re
ceived 479; Dr. W. F. McDowell, sec
retary of the Board of Education. 429;
Dr. T. B. Neely. 326; Dr. J. W. Bash
ford, president of the Ohio Wesl^'an
Seminary, 3CS; Dr. R. J. Cook of Ten
nessee, 2f3; Dr. J. EL Day. Chancellor
of Syracuse University, 270, and Dr. J.
W. E. JJowen. the colored educator of
Atlanta, 242.
These were the leaders in the voting,
the others ranging from the numbers
given down to one vote. Inasmuch as
eight names appeared upon each ballot,
the work of counting the vote was as
difficult as counting the precinct vote at
almoFt any election. The ballots were
not counted until i> o'clock this after
noon. Long before the counting was
completed it was known that only one
election had resulted and the delegates
took another ballot. It was unani
mously acneed that the tellers should
count this second ballot to-night and
announce the result to the conferencs
to-morrov.\
. The' first ballot taken for Bishop
by the conference resulted in the
election of only one aspirant, Rev;
Joseph F. Berry, editor of the Epworth
Herald. In accordance with- the rec
ommendations of the- committee on
episcopacy, ¦ the delegates were in
structed to vote for eight candidates.
This let the bars down and the-'dele
gates were free to vole for whom they
pleased. The result was that more
than 100 persons were voted for. It re
quired 487 votes to elect and Dr. Berry
was ihe only one who received that
number. His vote was 531.
¦KESFLT OF FIRST BALLOT.
LOS ANGELES, May 18.— The second
ballot at ChV Methodist Gfeneral Con
forence resulted in the election of Dr.
W. -F. McDowell et- N«w--York,-secre
tary of the Board of Education, and
Dr. Henry • Spellmeyer of Newark as
Bi5hops. The count of votes was com
pleted Just before midnight and the
»<.mmittee having the matter in charge
refused- to make public the result.
f^ome pf them, however, sent their
congratulations to Drs. McDowell and
Spellmeyer and thus the result becamo
known. What the vote was will not
be announced until the general confer
ence assembles to-morrow. The only
official announcement made by the
committal was to the effect that two
Kishops had been elected and that four
.other candidates came near receiving
the requisite number of vgtes, but who
tbey were the committee refused to
announce. The conference will ballot
again at to-morrow morning's session
and if necessary again in the after-;
noon. ' .
PORTLAND, Ore., May 18.— Under
moFt mystifying circumstances Mrs.
Ge'orge H.' Hall and her ten-months
old, baby boy suddenly, disappeared in
Portland upon the afternoon of Wed
nesday, May 4. Day and night since
that time the husband, George H.
Hall, an attorney at St. Helens, has
searched for the missing woman and
their child. Chief Hunt and his police
force, along with private detectives,
are also working upon th^ case, but
no clew has been found, and to-day
the mystery is as deep as before the
search began.
The suicide theory has been discuss
ed by the husband, but he dreads to
think, that his wife would have com
mitted self-destruction along with her
baby and does not believe this solu
tion possible.
"I am nearly like a crazy man," said
Hall to-day, as he left the police sta
tion after asking whether any trace
had been found of the missing woman.
"If I do not find her* soon I shall surely
po mad. I have been hunting her day
and night since a week ago Sunday.
She had no occasion to leave her home,
as everything was comfortable for her
and we never had any trouble."
The last that was seen of the woman
was at 2:30 o'clock, when she arrived
from Oregon City upon the afternoon
of May 4. She came in with her moth
er. Mrs. H. C. Carmack. When the
woman, with her baby, left the car
at First and Taylor streets she start
ed for the wharf, where she intended
to board the steamer Mascot and leave
for St. Helens. She told her mother
that she was going straight home. She
said her husband was to meet her here
in Portland and they would go home
together.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The second scene occurs in the
Tower of London. . The Rev. Henry
Garriett visits Fawkes in disguise and
administers him the consolations of
religion. Father Garnett is recog
nized" by an apostate and captured.
Fawkes is tortured upon the rack In
the hope that he will implicate the
priest, but to no avail. Cecil then
forges documents and orders Father
Garnett to be executed. The execu
tion of Father Garnett in the church
yard of St. Paul's, London, is the
theme of the great fifth act and pro
duces a wonderful climax to the play.
The third act represents the cellar
beneath the House of Lords, where
Guy Fawkes is preparing to light the
mine. As he fires the fuse Percy
jumps out at him from a secret hiding
place. A duel takes place, in which
the fuse is cut, the lamp knocked over
and each man flghts with a lantern
in one hand and a sword in the other.
Fawkes is wounded and captured.
Act IV, scene 1, shows the session
of the House of Lords in which Cecil
discusses the plot in full, condemns
the Rev. Father Garnett as prime of
fender and places a price upon his
head.
SANTA CLARA, May 18.— The pres
entation of the great religious drama,
"Henry Garnett, Priest and Martyr."
written byfaev. D. J. Kavanaugh, S. J.,
a member of the faculty of Santa Clara
College, is awaited with deep interest.
Martin V. Merle, who so -successfully
directed the production of the Passion
Play, is Btlll a student at the college,
and is nightly engaged in rehearsing
the cast of 100 persons who are to take
part in the new play. The. proceeds of
the production are to be devoted to
the McKinnon Memorial Fund, and it
is confidently expected that a large
sum will be realized. The Southern
Pacific Company will run special trains
to and from San Francisco on the
evening of May 26, when the drama will
be produced in the auditorium of Santa
Clara College.
"Henry Garnett" Is the result of
years of patient labor on the part of
Father Kavanaugh, and is the first
dramatic production of his gifted pen.
Father Kavanaugh has already shown
considerable literary talent, and his
friends predict that his dramatic work
will prove a great success. The drama
is based on a historical occurrence—
the famous English gunpowder plot —
and tends to establish the Innocence of
Father Garnett from any complicity
in the crime. The text follows close
along the lines of history and in many
places the actual word3 of the conspir
ators in the plot are quoted. The first
act opens in an English inn, with a
number of pursuivants (priest hunters)
seated at gaming tables. Father Gar
nett, disguised as a traveler, enters the
room, but is soon suspected by the
pursuivants, who leave to make ar
rangements to effect his capture.
English soldier's are summoned and
while they are breaking down the
front doors of the inn Father Garnett
makes his escape.
The second act shows a secluded
spot on the River Thames. The con
spirators assemble to draw up plans
for the carrying out of their plot.
Percy, a supposed conspirator, but In
reality an asent of Prime Minister
Cecil, joins the band and listens to
the details. It is here that Catesby,
the leader of the conspirators, wish
ing to strengthen . the spirits of his
confederates, tells the lie that Father
Garnett has approved *the . plan and
thus gives out the only evidence upon
which the Jesuit is afterward con
demned to death.
Special Dispatch to ; Th« Call.
Woman Starts for Her Home
on the Afternoon of May 4
and Is .,Xot Seen Again
Entire Proceeds of Enter
tainment to Be Devoted to
Mclvinnon Memorial Fund
IS BASED OX HISTOEY
James W. Maguire, for years in the
San Francisco Custom-house, is here
as special examiner of the United
States Government and has charge of
the appraisement of all World's Fair
exhibits. He "and his assistants are
having a merry time with the Philip
pine material, which is endless in va-
In hardwoods the Philippines are
pre-eminent. A display Is made by
these new United States possessions
that will be one of the marvels of the
exposition when it is thrown op.en to
the public on May 28. Many varieties
of -wood as hard as rock are shown in
the display, which is rapidly being put
in place in the large nipa-thatched
buildings erected by the natives. The
hard slabs, upon many of which ex
pert American polishers are still at
work, look at a little distance like
stone. Some specimens were lost
through their dropping overboard and
sinking during the effort to load them
on the vessel that brought them to
San Francisco. Among the specimens
that people will marvel at and that
will arouse the cupidity of the always
absorbing syndicate are a slab of
cedar 36 feet long and C feet wide and
a slab of molave 10 by 10 feet square
and 2'4 inches thick. The latter slab
was 5 inches thick and it took two
Chinese in the Philippines a week to
saw it into halves.
The redwood burl is the most prom
inent of the woods used in the ex
hibit. There are many Californians,
even, who do not know Just what this
burl is. It is an immense knot that
grows near the foot of many redwoods,
some of them so large that boards
several feet across can be cut from
them. The redwood burl is very hard,
beautifully colored and susceptible of
a polish that dazzles the eye. No two
are alike in the grain. The colorings
are very warm and rich. Cut twenty
thicknesses' to an inch, the polished
burl makes a decorative veneer or
panel that cannot be excelled. It is
finding its way more and more into
the interior decorations of homes be
longing to wealthy people of taste, both
in this country and in Europe, and the
object of the display here is to still
further familiarize the world with Its
beauties and lead to the utilization of
the great Quantity of burls now. lying
In the forests where the logger has
done his work.
There is nothing more beautiful in
all the Forestry building than this
California display. Besides the glow
ing burls there are many other sorts
of polished woods that shine like A
succession of mirrors hung in a palace
gallery. Redwood doors and casings
are also shown.
PHILIPPINE nARD WOODS.
BURLS ARE INTERESTING.
ST. LOUIS, May 18.— The World's
Fair city is now and has been for
some time furnishing a brand of
weather that thoroughly pleases even
the Californians. The days are as
balmy as the pleasant ones of the
California winter and the people from
the Golden State are beginning to feel
at home. St. Louis Is redeeming her
self in the. matter of weather and
making up for the unpleasant variety
she supplied before the opening of the
fair. Whenever the elements behave
badly here the "very unusual" of the
St. Louisans sounds like an echo
from California— where the occasional
hailstorm or cloudburst brings those
same words of apology to the stranger.
It does seem, though, as If it's "very
unusual" much oftener here.
California's forestry display is one
of the handsome exhibits of the fair.
W. H. Mills is chief of this depart
ment. He ia not here, but the mate
rial for the display was collected un
der his direction by Thomas Hatch, the
"wizard of the woods," whose work in
this line is well known in San Fran
cisco through displays made by him
at fairs there. To Hatch the trees
talk almost. There is a language for
him in -the rustle of their leaves and
the crackling of the twigs. No X-ray
is needed by him to tell what is in
their trunks. "What the bark shows
the wood must bear," he savs. The
old woodsman gazes into the very
hearts of these, his children, and knows
what the saw will bring j to light.
Among the curious figures 'on pieces
in his collection are the "Dutchman
and his pipe," "the human foot" and
the "face of Melba." He is going to
write a book on wood lore some day
and tell all the family secrets of the
trees. >
Pearce is going to invite all the St.
Louis youths who have an ambition to
be President to bring their hatchets
around and take the Initial degree.
Ex-Queen Lilluokalani is attracting
some attention at the fair. On the first
day of her arrival her dark skin creat
ed consternation among the guests at
the Inside Inn, where she is stopping.
When, with her party, she took a seat
in the dining-room the Southerners
who saw her rose in indignation. "The
Hawaiian Queen," whispered the wait
ers hurriedly, and the guests resumed
their seats.
And the representative from Saline
left Pearce sitting dazed on his cherry
stump while he went oVer to his own
exhibit and superintended the erection
of a derrick to be used in elevating the
ear to be used as the apex of Missouri's
corn column.
Hall wandered across the border into
California the other day, and after
gettingT)y Brown's web ran up against
Pearce of Alameda, who called his at
tention to a cherry tree stump two- feet
in diameter taken from the Meek place
at Hay wards. ..
"What did they cut the tree down
for?" asked the .Misspurian. \ .
"It wasn't having a satisfactory
growth," replied Pearce. "They have
to pull those small ones out and put in
healthy trees."
"Wonderful," said Hall. , "Something
remarkable how "things, will grow in a
fertile sol!. Reminds me of our corn.
The only difference with us is that we
don't want it to do its best. There's a
law now against planting any within
a hundred yards of a river because if it
falls down it impedes steamboat traffic.
Some lumber mill men were out here
from California last year and they
tried to gather up a few hundred thou
sand square miles of our standing corn,
thinking it was a sugar pine ' forest.
We never dare to feed it whole to hogs
because they choke on the kernels. I'll
come over and talk to you later about
your newest methods for curbing vege
table growth that is so great as to be
come a nuisance."
JOKERS IX COMP12TITIO;*.
Missouri and California are becoming
quite chummy. The space of the
mother State of the fair and that of
California adjoin and such a condition
of familiarity has resulted that they
exchange tack hammers and swap
hasheeshes about fertility of soil ; and
wonders of products. Matt W. Hall,
who is superintending the Installation
of the Missouri exhibit. Is a six-footer
of genial disposition, who seems to af
filiate naturally with the Golden State
boomers. He says he is going to make
Mlssourians of them and they declare
they are going to make him a Califor
nian. Mr. Hall is the legislative father
of the exposition. He has served for
years in the State Legislature, from
Saline County, where he is a large
farmer, and has introduced all the ex
position bills, including the one au
thorizing St Louis to bond itself for
$5,000,000.
Dr. Waters, dean of the Missouri
State Agricultural College and Com
missioner for Missouri, is also rapidly
becoming a Californian.
George P. Linden, who was In charge
of the Argentine Republic display at
the Chicago Fair, and for the last ten
years has been connected with the
Philadelphia Commarcial Museum, is
curator of the Philippine exhibit, hav
ing been sent by the Government to
the islands sixteen months ago to
gather' the material. He Is familiar
with every one of the almost innumer
able articles brought over, though it
looks as if one mind couldn't grasp
them all.
rlety and distracting In name. The
Government practically goes through
the process of paying a duty to itself.
A World's Fair Is a great bonded
warehouse. Foreign goods are ap
praised and display Is allowed, out
duty is charged on everything, sold.
There is some work for the customs
men to do. Mr. Maguire was chosen
for his arduous post from applicants
among the brightest men in the ser
vice all over the country and natur
ally feels complimented.
Edmund A. Felder, who was con
nected with the Midwinter Fair in
San Francisco, is executive officer of
the Philippine exposition board. He
has an office in the main building on
the grounds and directs all the work
of Installation. His home is now in
Philadelphia, but he remembers
pleasantly the Midwinter Fair and the
old days in San Francisco.
TWO BALLOTS TAKEN
BY PAUIi EDWAIIDS.
HUSBAND IS FRANTIC
Editor Berry. Dr. McDowell
and Dr. Spellmeyer Are
the Successful Candidates
Oregon Attorney Invokes
Aid of Police in Search
for the Hissing Pair
Father Kavanaugh's Play to
Be Presented by Students
of Santa Clara College
People Marvel at the Wonderful Redwoods Taken
From the Pacific Coast and the Splendid Dis
play of Lumber Imported From Philippines
THREE BISHOPS
ARE SELECTED
HUNTS FOR LOST
WIFE AND BABE
WILL PRODUCE
A NE W DRAMA
CALIFORNIA'S FORESTRY
AN EXPOSITION FEATURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1901
The United States has 18,000.000 In
candescent and 385,000 aro lamps in
operation. .
. TACOMA, Wash., May 18.— This
aeason's gold output at Nome is esti
mated at $7,600,000, says Dr. Cabel
Whitehead, a Nome banker and min
ing operator, who is en route back to
Nome. Within two years Nome- has
dug about a hundred miles of ditches
and probably seventy-five more will
be constructed this year.- The gravel
through a large part of the district
runs from $1 to $5 per cubic yard. Thi3
opens an immense field for hydraulic
mining when it is considered that Cali
fornia miners are profitably mining
dirt which runs but 6 cents per cubic
yard. The conformation of the ground
at Nome is such that twice as much
gravel can be handled with the same
amount of water. Dr. • Whitehead
say?: •
"Fifty years from now men will be
mining gold on Seward Pehisula. Be
fore that- time other discoveries will
probably have been ¦ made to startle
the- world as much as the remarkable
finds on Anvil Creek, and Nome's
beaches."
NOME'S GOLD OUTPUT
REACHES EXOltMOUS SUM
STOCKTON, May 18. — Dr. T. W.
Stone, a well known physician, yes
terday swore to a complaint charging
his wife, Mattie Stone, with insanity.
Dr. Stone states that nig wife has been
suffering from dementia for the past
eight years and that two years ago he
sent her back to Her relatives in Red
Oak, Ohio, in the hope that she, would
recover. He believed that she was in
Ohio until Monday afternoon, when
he was startled upon walking into his
office to find Mrs. Stone seated in a
chair, waiting for him. She made the
trip of several thousand miles back
to this State and could not explain
how she got here, 'except that "her
enemies brought .her."
Upon inquiry Dr. Stone learned that
she had been brought to this city by
a man and woman. At the Southern
Pacific depot they turned her over to
a hackman, with instructions to take
her to Dr. Stone's ' office. The man
and woman have disappeared and Dr.
Stone is at a loss to explain the mys
tery.' '¦ ;¦';'•''
Several weeks ago, so Dr. Stone
states, he received word that his de
mented wife was getting no better.
He sent back instructions to put her
in ah asylum in Ohio, but the Ohio
institutions would not accept her upon
the ground that she was a resident of
California. Mrs. Stone was taken to
the detention hospital.
Kays She Has Been Demented for
Years nnd Has Her Sent to
Detention Hospital.
2
,/s^ And Women, Too! |
V a /Cfc^^r5l Do y° u " r »nt to be a big. husky man. Jl
I" °* if J^Ljlw with vim and power In your every action, g
)«&*•/ rl^rffiiM with courage, self-confidence and ambl- *
jr-/*} jwtiSs. wl MM tlon to " do things" ? Do you want to get ft
/{/ / rff w^y^JS.^ rid of that feeling of gloom, that weak- «
jpcM' / \~T\\ j^iSiESs&y fiffir ness In your back, that nervous, worn- $
Ai?^£_ * // gj^^^3V*w^« out feelln* which unfits you for business X
r'Z'ZA ! i *ft1?SS3Ss33* 3w»/ »Y% or pleasure? J^
v«5jfrj» % ' **S*si ?^» C x& Do you want t0 feel likl5 a maa "J 1 H
XL** Mw : " .Ji-S§P8j"'ilJ l *— W \ W over ' to k°'d U P your head with the A
r^'M' 1 ' \ K&i knowledge that you are the man that n\- X
:i $£ : r*xrfeL_Pi Ia Wl^r ture meant you to be? vg
1 *'k SS^^s* h fiy&**. &£ * knew that no man remains a weak-
W ~ *2^JF^P»yC'*»U-^J * inf!r tocause he wants to. I am sure
V^ u 2^3«£*'*H : N^-rf J&&2 t* 13 - 1 you *' a nt to overcome every indlea- *
x* wfl JJCMi/WiS rA-^Xrv^SSS* tion of early decay that has shown Itself X
i i7iS5i>?«BnS \\\W on vou - I don't think the man lives who «
V" .!Tl_. rK would not like to fee.l as bis and strong «
f Hf-j m^ as a Sandow. and I know that If you &
have a reasonable foundation to build u
upon I can make you a bigger man than you ever hoped to be. I want you hi
to know that, you who can't believe It. and I want you to have my book Q
In which I describe how I learned that strength was only electricity, and fl?
how I learned to restore it; also I want to tell you the n&mes of some men «
who will tell you that when they came to me they were physical wrecks. «'
and are now among the finest specimens of physical manhood. w
I can do Just as much for women as for men. I have thousands of let- S
ters from grateful women, who had spent years and money trying to get g
relief from drugs, and who came to me as a last resort and are cured now. W
Why should you be suffering Q.
when you know that your friends y\>. nn , 8
and neighbors are being cured? ->tu ? I it Hiyiv
Why. the money you spend for \fe k ii"^>w S
drugs in a few months, if invested ty^xO^'Smia •*&*¦ 'E2^uf*Xi>v. V
ln my treatment, will assure you /MftSi AimS*Na 0&k JvJ§£^Mte?*U £
health and happiness for life. S*ft«^I^^^r^>^^^2^ 1^ i >! >¦
Don't you believe it? Then send .*??S^ffggg«^ Q
for this book with the proof that I m&Sili : u?r-—--iis£^^ &
can Rive you. and you will be con- Eft^^gfpf^^^^i itrj^^'lffi 1*t' : i«j §
Don't wait a minute. Send for !s i X^&^S^Tt*** Jr jOt
this book now. If you Trill Inclose J^ u *" -^ ¦,' '[>'lii^~'T_/V>ii' * ' *"
this ad. I xvlll send it sealed, free. S
and will give you the names of '/y.JN|\> x $3'
your own neighbors who are cured. • . $3
I will tell you whether I can cure you or not. If you will tell me your p
troubles. Call, if possible, for free consultation. Q
Dp. M. C McLaughlin, «2* SSSfSLS" f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEJJIEinS*
ADVERTISEMENTS;
y *gggr"""*Ni l . Good Shoes
i M I i — 1 Las * week w " B ot acquainted j
' M A\ /ffitim 1 hundreds of boys and we tried
1 [^ \ fl \al\ S t0 make them 0Ur fricnds gVr "
1 tflk \ 1 ' «i a in S thena Z°°d values.
V S THIS WEEK
\ g Wfi are g O i n g to s hare profits with
\^ V^ ,4££stofei M the lt^ e women of our city.
• Vici ted or bos calf, light or
i w * €^^&^ heavy sewed soles, stitched edges,
new low school heel.
; Sizes n to 2 $M5
' They look better than the picture. Sizes 21% to S X A $ I>6 5 $
NEAT ENOUGH FOR DRESS. SOLID ENOUGH FOR 'I
SCHOOL. (
I SEE OUR WINDOWS.
>^tflTO3EP^L NOLAN BROS.
; P^SHOE CO- * Phelan Building
THE PROFIT-SHARING SHOE STORE/ 812-814 Market Street ;
I OUR AGENT I
WILL CALL. I
| telegraph or write us |
I \ il that you are going East, and at the |
I earliest possible opportunity our agent s f
I will call on you and give you full informa- [
1 tion about our service. |
I He will quote rates, reserve sleeping jj
I car berths, tell you what there is to see |
1 en route and why you should take the wj
|J Rock Island System. %
I The Rock Island System runs through d
1 trains daily from San Francisco and Los
I Angeles to Omaha, Kansas City and Chi-
Ej cago. Through tourist sleepers to Mem- :
1 phis, Birmingham, St Louis, Omaha, \
I Kansas City, Chicago, St. Paul, Minne- |
a apolis and hundreds of other towns and |
H cities in the Central West. |"j
| Telephone, telegraph or write — that is h
1 all that is necessary. r>
' I BUUJS i ** TTTjj C A. RUTHERFORD, \
\ I' Jj^yVtaaRK airjjj . District Passenger Agent, p
r*$'h}jt ll^^l 2 3 Market St., Saa Francisco, CaL t
•4.A.FOLGER&CSS
' , :. ; j * (OLDEN .G/Qf iC
||Pp r it e s IS^^J Crockery I|
ilt^ Nothing goes with Golden Gate Coffee but satisfaction.
Wmh And there is no coffee that gives such univer- W^
tA'ffil sal satisfaction as Golden Gate. There Will
Ivdf is health and cheerfulness in every cup. If
Y&Z Rich — Aromatic— Delicious. Hi
;y £Jigh grade grocers sell it. sf
1*1 t A Wkirfer O. Co. ' ' ' Importers And Roaoters of |H
l\ San rr^i?co Old C ° a *°j/$"A detachment of the Japanese ad
vance guard which had occupied until
May 14 the Sinhaitin defile and the
village of Kanghalputz. twenty-five
miles north of Fertgwangchengr, has re
tired toward Sellnchau, In the valley
of the affluent which enters the Pato
river on the left bank.
"There is a small Japanese detach
ment at Kyangko. Siuyen is still un
occupied by the Japanese, who have
conducted a reconnoissance in force at
Setehoge, eighteen miles to the south
east. Information has been received to
the effect that the Japanese have
evacuated Takushan.
"The^ Japanese have detachments of
infantry at Luanmiao and Salitszaipud
za, namely 600 at the former and 300
at the latter place. Their other forces
have retired in the direction of
Fengwangcheng.
"At Khabalen, eleven miles south
west of Fengwangcheng, there is a
Japanese force of 5000. The rain is
making the roads bad."
The General Staff Has received the
following dispatch from General Sak
liaroff under date of May 18:
"On the morning of May J7, detach
ments of the Japanese advance guard
on the main road between Liaoyang
and Tyhoumentsa retreated toward
ST. PETERSBURG, May 18.— General
Kuropatkin has sent the following
despatch to the Emperor, dated May
17:
Advance Guards Fall Back to Main
Bases In Manchuria.
JAPANESE ARE CAUTIOCS.
But if the contrast is new "A Par
isian RonAnce" is not new here. It
was one of Mansfield's earlier suc
cesses, and a repertoire season
would be. incomplete without this sar
donically clever characterization.
Many among the large audience that
crowded the Columbia last night came
to renew acquaintance with the play.
These had to say that good as was the
actor's Baron Chevrial of . nine
years' ago it was more powerful, more
finished, more convincing last night.
But there' was not much applause.
Mansfield's portrait of the libertine
Again the artful art, the • cunning
contrast! As much as Mr. Mansfield's
Prince Karl of Tuesday evening
gained from Its Justaposltlon with the
preceding evening's "Ivan the Terri
ble," so much his Baron Chevrial of
last night gained in interest from Its
neighboring Prince Karl. It was the
foil perfect.
Distinctly of the plays pleasant In
Mr. Mansfield's repertoire is "Old Hel- j
delberg." Distinctly of the plays un
pleasant is "A Parisian Romance." j
But as clearly, brilliantly as the actor
paints the romance and idealism of
the hero of "Old Heidelberg," so does;
he incredibly stamp out the loathsome I
materialism and corruption of the
Baron Chevrial with absolute illusion.
The make-up, to begin with, be-,
longs to the past-mastership of the
art. Three Sherlock Holmeses could
not discover the handsome, stalwart
youth of Prince Karl in the little,
shambling, narrow-chested, fishy-eyed
roue of "A Parisian Romance." Mans
field seems to have lost a head and a
hundred pounds or so in the trans
formation.
By Blanche Partlngton.
In Baron Chevrial He
Thoroughly Exhibits the
Art of Concealing Art
CHEFU, May 19.— The thirteen Rus
sians arriving from Dalny this morn-
Ing, who are authority for the state
ment that during a bombardment of
Port Arthur by the Japanese Monday
afternoon the Japanese battleship Shi
kishima and the cruiser Asama struck
mines and sank, say that the Shlkl
shima Bank in two minutes after run
ning on the mine and that the Asama
was being towed away by another ves-
Russian Account of Disaster to Jap
anese Battlesliip.
SINKS IN TWO MINUTES.
GREAT ACTOR
IS MANSFIELD
PARIS, May 19.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Matin says that
official advices have been received to
the effect that the Japanese have oc
cupied Newchwang.
Victorious Japanese Occupy the For
mer Russian Stronghold.
NEWCHWANG IS TAKEN.
Thirty Russian Graves Near Anju.
SEOUL, May 18. — The Japanese
Consul at Pingyang wires that o\>er
thirty Russian graves have been found
near Anju. The retreating Cossacks
carried fourteen wounded with them.
Four of these men died,, at Kaichong.
American Warships Going to Chefu.
CHEFU, May 18. — A cable message
has been received here from Rear Ad
miral Cooper, in command of the
United States Asiatic squadron, an
nouncing that he expects to arrive at
Chefu soon with his squadron.
the landing place. Immediately detach
ments were sent to Pitzewo to destroy
the telegraph line and to Pulandien to
destroy the railroad.
"On May 6 detachments of our men
dispersed small detachments of the
enemy from an eminence south of
Pulandien, and from the railroad sta
tion to the southwest. Simultaneously
the engineers destroyed the bridge and
the telegraph line. The enemy who
were dispersed had 300 infantry and 100
cavalry. Our loss was one man killed
and four men wounded. Two hundred
of the enemy's cavalry posted at
Pitzewo retired, and without resistance
we cut the wire and captured the in
struments.
"On May 7 we sent a detachment to
destroy the railroad and the telegraph
wire between Pulandien and Sanchi
lipu. This detachment dispersed the
enemy's cavalry, 100 strong, and cut
the railroad and the wires to the north
east of Sanchllipu in two places. One
lieutenant and three men were killed
an* nine men werj wounded.
"On May 13 the railroad was destroy
ed to the northwest of Pulandien.
"On May 16 we took possession of a
line of hills, for four miles, from
Chlchaton to Chullshan. driving the
enemy to the southward. The enemy
consisted of three or four battallions
and "eight guns. Our losses "were 146
men killed and wounded.
"A Red Cross train was sent forward
on May 13.
Weishien is a station on the rail
road midway between Kaichou and
Chanamfu.
China Voluntarily Makes Free Ports of
Chbiamfu, Weishlen and Choutsun.
PEKING, May 18. — An imperial
edict volutarily issued to-day opens to
the commerce of the world the ports
of Chinamfu. Weishlen and Choutsun,
on the Shantung peninsula. Chow
cheen, the industrial center of the
province, also is to be opened.
OPENED TO WORLD'S TRADE.
Continued From Page I, Column 1.
Brave Policeman Rewarded.
Policeman George D. Mengola was
the recipient yesterday of a handsome
gold watch, presented to him by Colonel
A. Andrews in recognition of his
bravery In stopping a runaway horse
at a time when the lives of hundreds
of school children were in danger. The
presentation took place at Z o'clock,
when the first watch was assembled In
the City Hall station. Captain Mooney
introduced Colonel Andrews, who made
a short address^ and handed Officer
Mengola the watch, which bears the
following inscription: "Presented by
Colonel A. Andrews to George D. Men
gola, S. F. P. D.. In recognition of his
bravery in stopping a runaway horse
at a time when the lives of several
children were In danger, on May the
3rd, 1904."
Two Fires at the Mission.
Two fires took place at the Mission
yesterday almost simultaneously. One
was a store at ZiYs Lapldge street, oc
cupied by H. Knox*and A. Horn. Tha
damage was about $1 000. The other
was a dwelling at 3550 Nineteenth
street, occupied by J. Reese. The dam
age was about SI 00.
BRESLAU. May 18. — The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Breslau
Zeitung reports that the authorities
detected and thwarted a plot to at
tack the Emperor with a bomb dur
ing the spring parade in St. Petersburg
on May 10.
Detect Conspiracy to Hurl Bomb at
Nicholas During the St. Peters
burg Parade.
I«OLICE THWART PLOT
TO KILL THE CZAR
"TWO JAPANESE WARSHIPS REPORTED
SUNK AT PORT ARTHUR,
CHEFU. May 18. — A fleet of junks
has arrived here from Port Dalny. The
attempt to blow up the do.cks and
piers at Port Dalny was not success
ful, but the iron pier at Talienwan
was destroyed. Heavy firing was
heard north of Port Dalny on Monday.
Dalny's Docks Xot Destroyed.
To-night will be given the fourth
play of this series wonderful. "Beau
Brummel," in which many h/>ld Mans
field to have his most thoroughly sym
pathetic part.
some pleasing moments, and Miss
Ruth Holt, tall and graceful to look
at, is sincere and effective as Mme.
Chevrial. Arthur Forrest has the De
Targy role and is somewhat heavy in
It.
banker is too realistic — they would
have stoned him at the Central.
After the death scene, however, now
historic, the audience dared another
sermon on the beflttlngness of sum
moning a dead man to the front to ex
press their appreciation. And the
actor? It was Baron Chevrial that
died, but it was Mansfield himself, in
person, who came a moment later to
smile his thanks for the greeting. You
can't catch the Mansfield art napping!
Even more remarkable, perhaps, than
the contrast between the youth of
Prince Karl and the ignoble age of the
Baron Chevrial, as Mansfield sees them,
is his differentiation of the senility of
the Russian tyrant and of the Paris
ian roue. Both are sharpened by the
exercise of irresponsible power, but
one is medievalism, the other incar
nate modernity. This and all other
phases of the character are infallibly
suggested.
Touch on touch, sensitive, firm, Gal
lically light, the portrait grows with a
cool creeplness into a picture of the
profounds of corruptions. The physi
cal decay is painfully pictured, with
absolutely convincing effect. Its cul
mination in the death scene, where,
with a certain courage, the Baron
holds high festival in. spite of his ill
ness, gives the portrait still a most
potent thrill. But It Is throughout su
perb, compelling, art at its highest
power.
Mansfield's support is not remarka
ble for sympathy In this play, though
acceptable. Miss Conquest has the
part of Rosa Guerin, the ballet dancer,
and finds it little In her ingenuous and
charming way.
Miss Edith Barker as Marcelle has
"After driving out 150 Russians and
destroying the railway, the Japanese
re-embarked from Kaichou, the com
bined fleet heading southward. The
Russians re-entered Newchwang with
1000 infantry and two batteries of artil
lery, but all preparations are made for
another hasty evacuation."
The Daily Mail's St. Petersburg cor
respondent says two large liners bought
in America have arrived at Vladi
vostok.
LONDON, May 19.— The Dally Tele
graph's Newchwang correspondent,
under date of May 18, says:
Then the Japanese Force Landed at
Kaichou Re-Embarks.
DESTROYS THE RAILROAD.
WASHINGTON, May 15.— The
cruiser Vicksburg, now at Chemulpo
watching operations there, will soon
tie ordered back to the United States
to go out of commission for repairs,
probably at Mare Island, as Bremer-
Ton is said to have all it can handle.
There is some doubt as to the cruiser
Tjatcoma being sent to the Asiatic sta
tion. She may after a final trial trip
1><» sent to the Philippines or to join
Admiral Glass of the Pacific squad
ion.
Vessel Will Be Ordered to the United
States to Undergo
Repairs.
CRUISER VICKSBURG WILL
DEPART JTCO.M CHEMULPO
BALTIMORE. Alay 18. — A ] let
ter received from the seat • of
war by Editor Bautro of the Weekly
Polonia from Braunslau Kobylanski, a
Baltimore Pole, now impressed in the
Russian army, says that one of the
Japanese shells which entered Port
Arthur killed . twelve ladies of the
officers' families while at tea.
General Kuropatkin, says the writer,
carries a coffin, with him. On it his full
name' is engraved. He expects to be
killed.
The shell that killed the women
came through an open window, where
they were seated at a table.
Tragic Incident of Japanese Bombard
ment of Port Arthur.
SHELL KILLS TWELVE WOMEN.
VrASHINGTON. May IS.— The First
Assistant Postmaster General to-day
announced the annual readjustment of
the salaries of California postmasters
«s follows, the second figure being that
to which the salary is advanced:
Corona. $1600 to $1700: Escondido.
J5 4OO to $1500: Fcrndalr. $1400 to $1500;
Fort Bragg. $1400 to $1300; Fullerton,
$1500 to $1600; Hay wards. $1600 to $1700;
Highland, $1100 to $1200; Lakeport, $1200
to $1300; Livermore, $1600 to $1700;
Lompoc, $1400 to $1500; Martinez. $1700
to $lS00: Modesto. $1800 to $2000; Moun
tain View. $1300 to $1400; Nevada City,
$2000 to $2100; Crockett, $1000 to $1200;
Etna Mills, $1100 to $1200; Folsom City,
$1200 to $1200; Fruitvalc. $1500 to $1600;
Oilroy, S1700 to $lS00: Healdsburg. $1800
to $1900; Hollister. $1700 to $1800; Le
moore, $1000 to $1100; Lodi. $1500 to
$1600; Long Beach. $2400 to $2500; Menlo
Park, $1100 to $1200: Monterey, $1700 to
$l?00; Needles. $1600 to $1700.
Hrad of the Department Announces
Numerous Increases of
Salary.
CALIFORNIA POSTMASTERS
MADE HAPPY BY PAYNE
LIAOYANG, May 18.— The northern
wing of the Japanese army, moving
from Fenwangcheng, has occupied
Haiyangtsen, forty-five miles north
east of Fengwangcheng.
A division of guards which was.mov
ing toward Siuyen has retired with the
object, it is supposed, of covering a
disembarkation near Newchwang and
of co-operation with the southern
troops against Newchwang and Hai
cheng.
Colonel Mazievsky, of the Zabaikal
Regiment, Lieutenant Prince Hanti
meroff of the Twenty-fifth Rifle Regi
ment and twelve Cossacks have just
arrived here after a most daring es
cape from Fort Arthur. The party
was aided by the familiarity of the
Cossacks with the country. The party
had numerous narrow escapes. They
report that there is little change in the
garrison life of Port Arthur. The de
fenses there are continuously being
augmented.
ADVANCE OF KUROKI.
Brown Army Occupies Town North
east of Fengwangrcheng.
LONDON. May 19.— The Central
News correspondent at Baku, Caucasia,
reports a serious fight between Armen
ians and Turkish troops at Chelcuzan,
in the district of Mush. The Turks lost
3 36 in killed and wounded, while the
.Armenians had their leaaer and many
others killed. ,
CONSTANTINOPLE. May 18. — Ac
cording to a dispatch from the Vali of
Bitlis, Asiatic Turkey, seventeen vil
lages have been destroyed by Armen
ian Insurgents In the district of Sa?-
Rin. More than 600 Armenian fami
lies have taken refuge in Mush, a
town In Bitlis.
NEW YORK. May 18.— A large pro
portion of the male population of New
market, N. J.. awoke to-day svith heads
several sizes" too large for their hats
as a result of a great and gorgeous
banquet given by "Mayor Bill" Smith
in commemoration of the final settle
ment whereby he, his half brother,
Abraham Nelson, and other relatives
get a considerable part of the Charles
L. Fair millions. Mrs. Caroline D. Fair
was Smith's full sister.
Yesterday everybody in central New
Jersey was asking: "How much did
they get?" "Bill" Smith, filled with
the milk of human kindness and sun
dry bottles of champagne, \ the most
popular man in that part of the State
and who looks forward to a nomina
tion for Congress one of these days,
confided to his friends that the certi
fied check he received at what Is be
lieved to be his aged mother's death
bed was for $585,000. It was also as
serted that Abraham Nelson received
a like amount.
Neither weuld tell the exact amount,
but if their statement is accurate, the
settlement of the Fair estate by Mrs.
Oelrichs and Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt Jr.
far exceeds the $1,500,000 estimate orig
inally made. It was said that the set
tlement was approximately $2,500,000, of
which Messrs. Chandler and Beekman
receive $500,000.
sel of the bombarding fleet when she
also went down.
The thirteen Russians claim to have
received their information from the
commanding officer at Dalny, who
showed them, they assert, a telegram
from Port Arthur stating that the
bombardment commenced at 1 o'clock
Monday afternoon and that two hours
later the Shikishlma struck the mine
and was soon at the bottom. During
the confusion that followed, according
to the story told, the Asama also struck
on a mine and was taken in tow but
was settling so fast that it was found
necessary to abandon her.
A number of Russian torpedo boats
went out, but the Japanese " received
reinforcements and the Russians re
tired.
To-day's arrivals say that the en
trance to Port Arthur was blocked, but
one of the sunken steamers was re
moved and the entrance is now open but
it is still dangerous and the Russian
fleet has been ordered to "remain in
the harbor until the arrival of Admiral
Skrydloff, who will take command.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Sum Given by Mrs. Oel
riehs and Mrs. Vanderbilt
Now Placed at $2,500,000
Leader of the Insurgent
Force Is X umbered Among
the Victims of the Fray
WHOLE TOWN INVITED
MATTER'S LOSS HEAVY
The dispatch was gratifying to the
authorities, not only for the news it
contained, but because its receipt
established the fact that while the
telegraph line is severed a system of
communication by means of Chinese
runners has been instituted. In order
to deliver the Liaoyang dispatches en
trusted to him the runner had to pass
through the Japanese lines already
thrown around the narrow neck of
the peninsula, just above Port Ar
thur, for the purpose of cutting off all
communication between General
The Admiralty to-day received an
official dispatch from Rear Admiral
Wittsoeft, believed to have been dated
from Port Arthur. May 14. reporting
that there had been no fighting afloat
since the telegraph line was cut, the
Japanese ships not having attacked.
Everything was well with the Russian
squadron.
The same letters ascribe the rever
ence of the Russians for the overcoat
of the late Vice Admiral Makaroff
when it was taken from the water.
On its approach they bared their
heads, made the sign of the cross and
prayed for the repose of the admiral's
soul.
The Admiralty is now convinced by
mail reports received from Port Ar
thur that Vice Admiral Togo used sub
marine boats in his operations. A let
ter from Lieutenant General Stoessel
says he was standing on Golden Hill
when the Russian battleship Petropav
lovsk went down and he saw a sub
marine boat torpedo the battleship.
Lieutenant Schreiber claims he dis
tinctly saw the periscope of a subma
rine boat and could trace the course Of
the vessel. Officers of the Russian
battleship Pobieda testified that a sub
marine boat discharged a torpedo
against their ship and they fired at the
submarine boat, hoping to sink it, but
failed.
Kuropatkin's decision to withdraw
from Liaoyang can only mean, accord
ing to experts, that there will continue
to be affairs of outposts unless another
General Zassulitch should develop. The
controlling strategic point at Haicheng
will not be held, as believed, Kuropat
kin deciding it to be unwise to isolate
more tr<5ops who would, not being as
well supplied as those at Port Arthur,
find it difficult to subsist until relief
arrives.
TOGO USES SUBMARINE BOAT.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 18.—Con
firming the intimations that it is Gen
eral Kuropatkln's purpose to avoid a
decisive combat with the Japanese at
the present stage of the war, the state
ment was made by the General Staff
to-day that tht c ommander in chief
is making preparations to fall back on
Mukden and then on Harbin.
While the superior numbers of the
enemy compel a retirement, it does not
follow that General Kuropatkin will not
strike a stinging blow, should a strat
egical mistake be made which will en
able him to throw a strong army upon
one of the advancing columns of his
antagonists. The most exposed portion
of General Kuroki's command is that
which moved directly northward, evi
dently with the intention of gaining the
road to Mukden, down which it will
march as soon as the other columns are
within supporting distance. Unless
raution. heretofore the conspicuous
feature of the Japanese campaign, is
observed, this column, it is believed
here, will fall the victim of its temerity,
as General Kuropatkin is known to be
holding it especially under close sur
veillance.
Tchanzalin Pass and they evacuated
Sellutchen, proceeding toward Feng
wangcheng. The Japanese are con
structing field works in the vicinity of
Fengwangcheng.
"Japanese detachments which form
erly occupied the village of Itkout
chindza,-twelve miles northwest of Tu
kushan, have departed and Takushan
also has been evacuated. Small Jap
anese patrols appear from time to time
in the vicinity of Suzan."
SHOT INSTEAD OF HANGED.
Both prisoners were executed on
April 21 between the new and old
towns of Harbin in the presence of a
large crowd. They were shot instead
of hanged, upon order of General Ku
rcpatkin. A strong guard was thrown
about the spot to hold back the pub
lic at a distance of 400 yards. No pho
tographs <vere allowed to be taken.
The younger prisoner refused to al
low the bandaging of his eyes. When
told it was necessary, according to
Russian law, he asked that an excep
tion be made in his favor. The elder
Japanese, a staff officer, wept and
fainted, but finally allowed himself to
be blindfolded calmly. One of the
men was a Cathalic and made his final
confession to a Russian priest, there
being no representative of the Catholic
priesthood in Harbin.
One of the reasons for the desperate
effort of the Russians to get to Port
Arthur what is officially called an
"ammunition train," has been revealed
by information which leaked out to
day. There was little need, it appears,
for more ammunition, great quantities
being stored in the fortress, but Gen
eral Stoessel is exceedingly anxious to
be provided with balloons. The high
est point of the fortress is the Eagle's
Nest, from which much of the sur
rounding country can be seen, but bal
loons will facilitate observation. Be
fore the war the Russian authorities
loaded on a vessel a complete balloon
equipment for Manchuria, but it was
captured by the Japanese, who will
use it in their operations against Port
Arthur. Recognizing the need of pro
viding General Stoessel with all the
requisite with which to
conduct the defense of Port Arthur,
General Kuropatkin is believed to
have sent balloons on the "ammuni
tion train." The Russian balloons are
stationary.
"If the Japanese try to drift bal
loons over Port Arthur and drop ex
plosives on the fortress," an officer
said to-day, "the world will hear of
the first battle in the air."
Details have been received here from
Harbin regarding the execution on
April 21 of the two Japanese officers,
Yukoka and Oki, for attempting to
dynamite bridges and destroy tele
graph communication on the Eastern
Chinese Railroad. The prisoners ad
mitted they were part of a detail num
bering 100 men whose purpose it was
to destroy the railroad at various
points. When told that they must
have been extremely brave people,
they replied:
"Not at all. We were only carrying
out our duty and the order of the Mi
kado."
WAR BALLOONS IX USE.
Kuropatkin and the fortress. The
passage of the runner was dangerous,
but the task was light compared to
what it will be when the Japanese
forces closely invest Port Arthur.
Lose a Hundred and Thirty-
Six Men in Fierce Combat
With Armenians in Mush
Mayor Bill Smith Celebrates
the Settlement With the
Sisters of Charles Fair
Commander in Chief Kuropatkin Decides to Retire His
\ Forces to the Frontier of Siberia.
TURKS BATTLE
WITH REBELS
RETREAT OF RUSSIANS WILL NOT END
UNTIL THE ARMY IS SAFE IN HARBIN
NELSON CLAN
HAS A FEAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
3
Take nutmeg; one is not a-
good as another. Schilling'
Best, in nutmeg, is ground fin
from difficult nuts 'to grind be-
cause full of oil ; the oil is thci
virtue. There are dry nutn
there are wormy nuts. We ar-
no more careful in nutmeg
than all through.
Your grocer's; money back.
A most important discovery has been
made after a year's patient laboratory
work aimed in a certain direction. It is
Newbro's Herplcide, a preparation that
prevents falling hair, and speedily and
permanently eradicates dandruff. These
evils arc caused by a serin or parasite
that burrows into the scalp, throwing up
dandruff as it seeks to sap the life of
tho hair at the root. There's no baldness
without falling or thin hair, no thin hair
without dandruff, and no dandruff if the
perm Is destroyed. Newbro's Herpiclde is
the only preparation that will do the
work. "Destroy the cause, you will re-
move the effect." Sold by leading drug-
gists. Send 10c in stamps for sample to
The Herplcide Co., Detroit, Mich.
A Clinical Preparation That Positively
Kills the Dandruff Germ.
I1SF0BTANT SCIENTiriO DISCOV-
ERY.
OQQS BROS. SAY:
Will procure a better quality — a bet-
ter made suit here than elsewhere.
WHY?
Because we do a large business in young men's
nobby up-to-date clothes; our prices are, close;
styles are snappy; broad, concave shoulders,
close fitting collar, elongated lapels, everything
just right
MADE
of Cheviot, Worsted or Homespun in the newest
mixtures and effects— all fresh and fashionable
fabrics
TAN OPPn
as good as "good enough to please anyone."
Every alteration that you may suggest done to
suit you or no sale. And all this goodness is
yours for
TEN DOLLARS
Sizes 15 to 19 years.
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY A T P O S T
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISZME2JT&
AD VEB,TlSE2OSNTa.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
.Jk . Genuine .
These Panamas were made in ''jfq^fejQt^ J^iu^i^^.-^'
South America by the natives and ¦¦^•b5^d8w^^§^WP?'\' :
were shipped to us at a price which •?PMra^*l!S^s3pWy l «S^^^^
permits our selling thorn to you for V^^^/jfiT^fjv^tfVv 5^*^^^^^
a third less than asked by exclusive K'-V ''¦*&?&&¦*&!,"'
hat dealers for the very same quality. '^.^^SmV !
$4, $5, $6 and ST.50 *
W« have blocked the hats in different shapes.
The Pan Tourist has four dents in the crown and a lon«
, . high roll to the brim. Note the left-hand picture.
The Telescope has a crease running around the entire crown,
lowering the center so as to give the hat a flattened appearance.
See the right-hand picture.
The Fedora has a creased crown dented on the sides with a
roll to the brim.
The Optimo has a round full crown with a raised crease run-
ning across the crown and down the front and back.
Our hats are trimmed, ready to be worn. _¦¦,--¦ - .
Mail orders filled— write to-day.
740 lOBIET 8TBSET.
' - ' ' - ' ' ¦ ¦'
A PROMINENT ODD FELLOW
Threatened With Bright's Disease— Pe-ru- an
Restored Him to Health.
y'^^^^^^^Sf^xTJfp^. 5j& ¦-• • • •¦¦ • ¦¦;¦¦¦¦ • ' " s si * .' jjjBMMfHEyB
0. FRED LINDSJKOwi. PAST GKAiw MAstf-M I. 0. 0. F.
O. Fred Iiindstrom, Past Grand Master Catarrhal Inflammation of the mucous
Independent Order of Odd Fellows; Past lining of the kidneys, also called
Chancellor Twin City Lodge No. 63, "Bright's disease." may be cither acutw
Knights of Pythias; also Past Chief Pa- or chronic. The acute form produces
triarch Rldgely Encampment No. 22, symptoms of such prominence that the
writes from 1923 University Avenue, St. serious nature of the disease Is at once
Paul, Minn.: suspected, but the chronic variety may
'Peruna has my hearty endorsement, come on so gradually and insidiously
There Is no medicine I know of that can that Its presence is not suspected until
compare with it. -I contracted a severe after It has fastened itself thoroughly
cold several years ago, which from ne- upon Its victim.
gleet developed into urinary trouble, and At the appearance off the first gymp-
threatened Bright's disease. As one of torn Peruna should be taken. This rem-
my friends was cured of Bright's disease edy strikes at once at the very root el
through the use of Peruna. I thought I the disease.
would try it also, and used It faithfully If you do not derive prompt and satts-
for three and one-half months, when my factory results from the use of Peruna.
health was perfect once more. I have write at once to Dr. llartman, giving a
never had any trouble since, and there- full statement of your case,
fore think it is but just to give it unlim- Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
ited praise." — O. Fred Lindstrom. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.Predicts Victory
in the Coming
Campaign.
WASHINGTON, Pa.. May IS.— Senator
Quay' a condition to-day was unchanged.
Decision Against Ticket Brokers.
ST. LOUIS, May 18. — Judge Amos
Thayer in the United States Circuit
Court to-day handed down a decision
granting injunctions against the sale
of non-transferrable tickets by ticket
brokers engaged In business In St.
Louis. This is the most pronounced
defeat the ticket brokers have yet re
ceived in their fight to sustain them
selves against the attacks of railroads
centering in St. Louis.
I am astounded that I am to be relieved of
my command. I have worked hard and long.
You can all see this by the fine drill the
ecouts put up. I shall go to St. Louis and
then report to Washington. I shall appeal to
Secretary Taft, and personally I «h411 ask
him to keep mo in command of my battalion.
The reason for the Government or
dering him to return to the Philippines
were never made public, but it was
rumored that he had been lax in keep
ing accounts of certain moneys alloted
to him to defray the expenses of get
ting the 'battalion ready to come to
this country. There was no charge in
any way brought against Carrington
or any suggestion entertained that
there was any misappropriation of
funds. It was reported that he had
simply failfed to return a detailed
statement with vouchers attached to
In speaking of the orders from Wash
ington, Major Carrington said:
IS ASTOUNDED AT ORDERS.
A few days before the battalion was
to start East, telegraphic orders came
from Washington relieving Major Car
rington of his command and ordering
him to report to the commanding- of
ficer in the Philippines. This caused
no end of astonishment in army circles
here, and while the matter was being
discussed, a second order came, coun
termanding the first one, and ordering
Carrington to proceed to St. Louis and
there give up his command and report
to th-e War Department at Washington.
Major Carrington was greatly upset at
these proceedings, and from his usual
jovial manner he suddenly became
morose and downcast.
On April 9 General MacArthur or
dered an inspection and review of the
scouts. A great crowd of spectators
were present and on all sides it was
noticed that Major Carrington ap
peared to be laboring under a state of
great excitement. His manner was so
much at variance with his usual de
meanor that it was noted by the com
manding general.
Major Carrington was congratulated
on all sides both by army officers of
high rank and also by citizens who
went to the post to enjoy and applaud
the remarkable w<gk of the llrtle
brown men who had been drilled un
der his tuition.
CAUUINGTON IS PRAISED.
For several years he was stationed
in the Philippines, and about a year
ago the Government ordered him to
organize a battalion of Filipinos and
bring them over to St. Louis to take
part In the Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition proceedings. Major Carrington,
with his battalion of 413 Filipinos, land
ed here on March 14. Immediately
after their arrival they commenced
giving a series of afternoon drills and
band concerts at the Presidio. Their
snappy action and the expertness with
which they went through the different
maneuvers, and especially their work
in the Butts manual of arms exercise,
won for them great applause daily.
The report published in the Army
and Navy Journal which reached here
yesterday, announcing, the fact that
Major Frank de L. Carrlngton had dis
appeared, has caused a big sensation
at army headquarters at the Presidio.
In the article no reason was assigned
for Carrington's action. It simply
stated that General Bates, in command
of the Division of the Northwest, with
headquarters at St. Louis, had advised
the War Department at Washington
that Carrington was missing.
Major Carrington is well known on
this coast and his visit here last month,
when ho was in command of the pro
vincial battalion of Philippine Scouts
and their splendid band, brought him
into much prominence berore the pub
lic.
3Iajor Carrington Talifes Bat
talion of Filipinos to St.
Louis and Then Disappears
In the convention oratory to-morrow
on the occasion of presenting ' the
names of Governor George C. Pardee,
John D. Spreckels, J. W. McKinley and
George A. Knight for delegates at
large, such able speakers as John F.
Davis of Amador, Frank 'H. Short of
Fresno, Thomas Selvage and Judge
Hunter, of Humboldt, will be heard.
Postmaster Arthur G. Fisk arrived
here on to-night's train and spent sev
eral hours trying to tap the under cur
rent of sentiment in the convention.
As there was none to tap, he was
forced to agree with the general opin
ion that this Is one of the smoothest
conventions of modern times.
Henry Ach alao arrived on the late
train. He expressed regret that he
had missed George A. Knight's speech,
but otherwise was satisfied with con
ditions as he found them. E. Myron
Wolf came to town from San Fran
cisco too late to do much lobbying, if
lobbying had been necessary, so he
contented himself by recounting • tales
of bitter political battles that have
long been history. .
It is agreed here to-night by poli
ticians, Democrats as well as Republi
cans, that the action of the Santa Cruz
convention will add 5000 to the Repub
lican majority in California.
Among the heartily welcomed Repub
lican leaders in Sacramento is Duncan
E. McKinlay, prospective nominee of
the Republican party for Congress in
the Second District. He is receiving
an exceptionally warm greeting from
the working men of Sacramento.
It is predjeted that Roosevelt's ma
jority in th'e second district will ap
proximate five thousand and McKinley
will not be far behind the head of the
ticket.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, May 18.— Secretary of State
Curry to-day expressed his regret that
he was unable to attend the Democrat
ic State Convention and watch the
fight. Curry likes a good political bat
tle and he said that from what he
gathered from the newspapers, the
contest must have been a rouser.
Chairman Burnett won commenda
tion to-day for the manner in which he
expedited the work of the convention.
It was remarked, however, that if he
wants to keep his reputation for speed
he should be careful never to take up
the gavel to lead a bunch of Helleger
ants such as assembled last Monday in
Santa Cruz.
Governor George C. Pardee came up
from the city way on the 7:30 train.
He repaired at once to the executive
mansion and took no active part In
the interchange of political gossip that
kept the delegates busy.
The situation in the Democratic camp
as demonstrated in the convention at
Santa Cruz was discussed with much
amusement by the Republicans to-day.
Notwithstanding the result of the vote
on instruction resolution, it is the opin
ion of Republican leaders that the Mc-
Nab-Lane organization is the dominant
power in the State Democracy. They
are of the opinion that a political issue
was not at stake but merely one of
sentiment.
CONVENTION GOSSIP.
CHAIRMAN OF REPUBLICAN CON
VENTION AND PROMINENT
DELEGATES IN ATTENDANCE.
their ballots. The delegates from the
districts have not been instructed for
the reason that'the convention recog
nizes the right of district sovereignty.
In short the report will cover the
following points: National matters
considered and administration in
dorsed: State administration in
dorsed; irrigation plunk favoring na
tional legislation; isthmian canal;
delegates at large instructed to vote
for Theodore Roosevelt for Presi
dential candidate; Roosevelt recom
mended to district delegates as the
prcper candidate.
ARMY OFFICER
IS MISSING
The name of Theodore Roosevelt will
be recommended to the delegates from
the different Congressional districts as
the man for whom they should cast
The delegates at large to the na
tional convention will be instructed to
vote for Theodore Roosevelt for can
didate for President of the United
States.
National issues will be fully consider
ed in concise form and State matters
will not be touched upon except in a
general indorsement of the Republican
administration of State affairs. Na
tional irrigation will be thoroughly en
dorsed, as will also the isthmian canal
and matters pertaining thereto. The
administration of national affairs under
the direction of Theodore Roosevelt
will be indorsed in emphatic terms.
National affairs will be treated with
solely. It was considered entirely out
of place for this convention to go into
State matters as it is assembled for
national purposes alone.
The convention of August will have
State matters strictly within its prov
ince, hence the committee did not deem
It proper to go into such questions
which are of State but not of neces
sity national importance.
In that particular the customary eu
logies of Congressional representatives
will be* left for further consideration in
the morning. There is apparently an
effort being made to temper the report
in that regard, as some are of the opin
ion that to too highly commend ¦ the
California delegation in Congress might
be construed as favoring Senator Bard.
Resolutions were offered the com
mittee upon all such questions usual
ly considered by a political conven
tion. Taking the position that only
general matters of national import
ance should be considered, the greater
bulk of the resolutions were laid on
the table and the few whicflrwere ac
cepted were boiled down to the es
sence of the subject. • ' '
OALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Cal., May 18.— A platform so
short, sharp and crisp that no reader
of the English language can doubt its
meaning, will be presented to the con
vention in the morning. Until long
after midnight the subcommittee, to
which was delegated the work of
pruning the elongated portions and
patching the rough edges of the docu
ment to be presented to the convention
in the morning, was in session. Just
exactly what that phraseology will be
the committee on platform and resolu
tions declined to state, but it is a
known fact that brevity will be one
of its salient features.
Document AVill Deal With Nothing
but National Mattel's.
PLATFORM TO RIS COXCTSE.
A second rocess was taken and the
delegates being called to order again
at 5:25 o'clock, listened to the report
of the committee on credentials. The
printed roll call was accepted as the
roll of the convention with the fol
lowing exceptions: John F. Davis in
stead of Frank Smith as delegate from
Alpine and II. D. Rowe was added
to the Fifty-first District of Alameda
County. In the Twentieth District.
Solano, where a tie was reported, the
name of J. W. Cavanaugh was en
rolled. The convention then took a
recess until 8 o'clock.
all of San Francisco: Fifth District— P. J.
Mahoney of Kan Francisco, J. W. Thayrr of
Gilroy M. A. Pouthworth of Santa Clara;
Sixth District — II. F. Kron of Santa Cruz,
H P Brown of Kings. W. C. Masee of Ma
dera; Seventh District— A. C. Slttel, G. W.
E<ldy and Byron I* Oliver, all of Los Angeles;
Eighth District— H. M. Streeter of Riverside,
N. Bianchani of Ventura. H. W. Lynch of
Sun Luis Oblspo.
PERMANENT ORGANIZATION' AND OR
DER OF BUSINESS: At large— F. F. Oster of
Fan Bernardino (chairman), C. C. Bowen of
Los Angeles. G. W. Strohl of Napa; First
District — C. D. Fontana of Calav«ras, Thomas
Hender of Tuolumne, Dr. A. II. Call of Ama
dor- Second District— W. F. Gates of Butte,
P. L. Caughey of Mendocino. J. F. Olmstdi
of Sonoma; Thlni District— M. C. Nunan of
Alameda J. J. Burke of Alameda. II. B. K'n
n<y of Contra Costa; Fourth District — W. "W.
Sanderson. Theodore I^unMedt and John II.
Nelson all of San Francisco; Fifth District—
A. H. ' Merrill of San Francisco. George C.
Ross of San Mateo, A. M. Free of Santa
Cl?ra; Sixth District— A. II. Ashley of San
Jop.quin. \V. F. Chandler of Fresno. J. B. K.
Coojor of Monterey; Seventh District — \V. II.
Savage Asa Keyos and R. E. Wlrschlng. all
of Los" Angeles: Eighth District— D. A. Mc-
Mullen of Orange. Captain G. F. Smith of
Santa Barabara. Bert Ryan of Inyo.
PLATFORMS AND RESOLUTIONS: At
i arf re — John F. Pavls of Amailor (chairman),
T G. Daniels of Alamc-da and E. E. S«Inh of
L.»s Angela. First District— C. H. Connlck of
Humboldt, II. T. Power of Placer and Clif
ford Coggins of HUkiyou. Hevond District — R.
T. Devlin of Sacramento, E. B. Martinelli of
Marln and W. M. ("utter of Yuba. Thlnl Dl»
trl<-t — Thomas Rlrkards of Alameda. C. SI.
Ho! shaw of Contia Costa anil Frank Roney
of Ho'.ano. Fourth District — AV. S. Wood, John
A. Clover and Henry Ach. all of San Fran
cisco. Fifth District — R. H. Countryman and
John W Rogers of San Francisco and J. K.
Richards of Santa Clara. Sixth District— M.
J. Cochrane of StaniElauB, J. A. Lcuttlt of
San Joaquln and C. A. Daugherty of Monterey.
Seventh District— L. R. Garrett, Bradner W.
Lee and T. P. Lukins, all of Los Angeka.
Bighth District — John Tuohy and Tulare. Eu
8ren<» Daney of Fan Diego and J. W. Wiley
of Kern.
Major Carrington has been in trouble
in San Francisco before. Shortly after
the outbreak of the wax with Spain
the major, then a captain, who was
regarded highly at Washington as a
tactician and disciplinarian, was as
signed to duty in San Francisco aa
mustering officer for the volunteer
commands and to him devolved the
duty of whipping the First California
Volunteer regiment into shape for
service duty. He was well received
by the club men of this city and par
ticularly by William Greer Harrison,
who was recognized as his sponsor.
After his duties had been completed
Major Carrington suddenly came into
unexpected notoriety T>y reason of
many personal obligations which he
had failed to meet. The fact of his
embarrassment became known through
a letter addressed by William Greer
Harrison to a number of the major's
friends, asking them to unite In a quiet
movement toward settling the bills of
the army officer. This was. finally ac
complished. The affair created much
comment among the club men and for
a time practically ostracized Carring
ton from social life in. this city.
To-morrow night the grand ball will
be held at Armory Hall, and on Friday
nlght'all will attend the grand open
air banquet, at which plates will be
laid for 600.
show to the Government how the mon
ey had been expended. To clear up
the affair the Government ordered him
back to Manila, where it Is rumored
he was to appear before a court mar
tial and explain the situation.
Whether this has anything to do
with Major Carrington's disappearance
is not known. Officers here can throw
no light upon the subject.
IX TROUBLE BEFORE.
To-night the Knights are dividing
their time between the grand concert
at Armory Hall, given' in their honor,
and participated in by a chorus of 100
voices, and the grand banquet and
initiation of the Knights of Korossan,
held at the Metropole Hotel In Kern,
where some fifty candidates are being
inducted into the mysteries of the Ori
ent and are indulging in the luxuries
of camel's milk and Zem Zem.
The Knights spent the whole of to
day seeing the sights in the Kern
River oil fields, where a basket picnic
was given and attended by about 700
people. No session of the Grand Lodge
was held.
At the meeting of the Knights of
the Uniform Rank, C. F. McGlashan
of Truckee waa re-elected brigadier
general for a third term of four yearo.
On Friday a meeting place for next
year will be chosen. San Francisco is
being urged from the ground of
economy and convenience, but San
Luis Obispo, which made a strong
fight for the convention last year, is
again in the filed with strong support
and will make a hard fight to capture
the meeting. Healdsburg is the third
candidate for the honor. Its claims
are being urged upon the ground that
the next meeting should go to the
north, as the central and southern
parts of the State have already had
their share.
H. J. Place of San Diego is a candi
date for the office of grand trustee.
There is talk of H. S. Dumble. chan
cellor commander of' Kern Lodge No.
7G of Bakersfield, for the position of
grand master at arms. For grand
keeper of records and seal, Herman
Schnaffer of San Francisco will be
chos»en without opposition. There is lit
tle prospect of any contest over the
other offices.
BAKERSFIELD. May 18. — To-mor
row the Grand Lodge of Knights of
Pythias will begin the work of the
session in earnest and the election of
officers for the ensuing year will be
the principal event of the day.
The chief interest centers in the
election for the office of grand pre
late, for which position several prom
inent candidates have announced
themselves. Dr. H. C. Bagly of. San
ta Maria, who was a candidate for the
office last year, is again in the field
with strong backing.
Two candidates from the south, who
v.ill each have friends among the dele
gates from the other side of the Te
hachapi as well as some from other
parts, are Colonel James C. Scarbor
ough of Los Angeles and Walter B.
Wagner of San Bernardino. A fourth
candidate who is being prominently
mentioned is Honorable M. L. Short
of Hanford, Superior Judge of Kings
County. Precedent is favorable to him
from the fact, with few exceptions,
that candidates for this office have
been chosen from the legal profession
and often for wearers of the Judicial
ermine.
CREDENTIALS: At large— Frank II. Short
of Fresno (chairman). Alexander Brown of
Calaveras. 'Walter. R. Brann of Ban Francisco;
First District— D. D. Dodson of Tehama, W.
P. Engelbright of Nevada. C. A. Swisler of
El Dorado; Second District — F. B. Tuttle of
Placer, E. H. Archer of Yolo. M. S. Sayre of
Lake; Third District — A. R» Hamlln of Ala
meda. Frank Barnett of Alameda. Nls Hansen
of Alameda; Fourth District— William J. Har
rlncton, F. E. Wallace and Philip Anspacher,
. It was ordered on motion of G. R.
Lukens that all resolutions be referred
without reading or debate to the com
mittee on resolutions. The convention
then took a recess for a half hour.
When the delegates were again called
to order Judge Burnett announced the
following committees:
COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
On motion of Frank H. Short a
committee on credentials, three at
large and three from each Congres
sional district, was authorized and on
motion of John F. Davis a committee
of similar proportions on resolutions
•waa ordered. A like committee on
permanent organization and order of
business was next created.
We will meet with a united front our op
ponents with their chosen battle cry, "Roose
velt must bo beaten." and upon our banners,
under which shall march to a great victory
the majority of the patriotic citizens of this
land, shall be Inscribed as our ortflame In let
ters of living light: "For the welfare of the
people and the greatness of the nation Roose
velt must and «hall be elected."
The cr f at heart of the American people
knows that the President is not only a man
of unmillied honor, a patriot tried and true.
his mind aflame with a consuming desire to
do rreat and noble things, to make any sac
rifices of ease and comfort, and of life itself
if necessary, for the welfare of the people;
to vindicate himself, under God, as worthy
of the confidence of noble men and women,
but also that the Government could not be
Intrusted to «afer hands. Neither capital nor
labor has any just ground to fear the ad
ministration of this patriotic and fearless lead
er, because he will treat them both with abeo
lute fairness and an unselfish desire to do
right. Aa »n American citizen, I consider
it the greateet honor to have the privilege
of contributing In any degree to the triumphant
election to the Presldenoy of Theodore Roose
velt, the able statesman and valiant Christian
gentleman.
PATRIOT TRIED AXD TRUE.
The acknowledged leader now In the great
work of extending and rtn<lerln«r secure the
beneficial re*ult« of our civil institution*, in
carrying out the purpose of the fathers in the
establishment of the republic and of making
this nation a beacon light to the struggling
sons of liberty everywhere. Is one who seemed
destined from boyhood to perform a great
part in the larger affairs of the world. From
early manhood Imi>ortar.t trusts have been
committed to h!<< hands. With what honesty,
ability and Eirgular devotion to duty he has
met the requirements of every position, every
schoolboy knows. In civil and military life
he has kept continually before him the hlph
est ideals. Ills public rid private character
fill us with pride and challenge the admira
tion of honorable imn In every land. His
strong, manly personality, his high sense of
rieht and duty, his masterful grarp of great
public questions, his unflinching courage in th»
face of trials and difficulties. his genuine
Americanism, his unfailing confidence In his
countrymen and his love of republican insti
tutions have characterized him from the be
ginning of his r.ublic career.
His administration has be»n a marked euc
cess. a* we had a right to expect. Under his
guidance we have gone forward with leaps
and bounds until we occupy a commanding
position in the councils of the nations and
our friendship is sought by all the leading
powers of the earths. And ytt, when Pres
ident Roosevelt wae called under f-uch tragic
circumstances to the high office which he has
filled no creditably, it must be admitted that
even amonjr his friends there was 3om* appre
hension that his rtroiy? self-reliance, his im
patience of restraint, his abounding vitality
and his love for the strenuous life mljrht lead
to some disturbance of business interests and
Involve us in complications with foreign
powers. The apprehension was considerably
allayrd by his assurance to carry out the
policy of his distinguished predecessor. The
rplendid character of the members of his
cabinet afforded an additional assurance; but,
after all, he has surprised and delighted many
people by displaying in addition to thft great
qualities which we know him to possess, a
calmness and cor servattem and equipoise of
temperament that have shown him to be one
of the aatest as well as one of the strongest
men that ever occupied the Presidential chair.
GREAT DEVOTIOX TO DUTV.
We abate nothing of our admiration for the
ability, honor and patriotism of thousands of
our political opponents and pay willing tribute
to the value of their services in promoting
the highest welfare of the nation; yet we de
clare that no other political organisation thpn
the one we represent, since the world beKan.
has so thoroughly demonstrated its rapacity to
administer In the highest degree of efficiency
the affairs of a gr*at government, and has fo
c.-.mpletely Justified its existence and estab
lished its claim to the support and confidence
of every man who loves liberty, who rt-jolces
In the triumph of justice and who believe*
that every American citizen should have an
equal opportunity to make the most of life.
For a worthy leader of the miphty host en
rolled under the banner of Republicanism the
choice has already been made — not by scheming
politicians, net by virtue of artful contrivance
or factitious 1 circumstance— but as the honest
expression of popular appreclatlcn of com
manding ability and exalted worth; and the
national convention will perform the pleasing
duty of ratifying that choice In the unanimous
nomination of Theodore Roosevelt for Presi
dent of the United States.
Our party for forty years has represented
the constructive, progressive force In this
country. It has been a party of affirmation
and action. The Democratic has been a party
of negation and opposition. Our well-meaning
but ill-advised friends upon the other sl<1e
"have viewed with alarm" every step that w
have teken In the march of progress, and have
predicted as a cons:TjU'-nee the ereateet In
dividual and national disaster; but «> are
grateful to heaven that fo many of them have
been spared by a merciful providence to fee
the error of iheir ways and to Join with us
In removing the remaining obstacles that stand
In the way of a eUII higher and grtater ad
vancement
THE PARTY OF XEGATTOX.
ing substantially for the same cause In the
approaching campaign as ourselves, althoufth
announced in different phraseology and cham
pioned under opposing leadership. The spirit
of these platforms, however, will be very dlf
ftr'nt. One will be radiant with exultation
and optimism; the dominant note of the
other will fill the mind with gloomy forebod
ings and lamentations. Really, though, the
only platform that the Chicago convention
needs to submit is an epitome of what has
been done under Republican administrations
for the welfare of the people and the glory of
the republic, and a sincere promise to pursue
the samn patriotic course in the future, with
whatever changes In administrative detail
that the situation hereafter may require.
Pytliians at Bakersfield Get
Down to Work and the
Fight for Offices Begins
MANY SEEKING
TO BE PRELATE
that his duties were simple and agree
able. He announced that the conven
tion was called to elect four delegates
at large to the Republican National
Convention at Chicago, and there they
would register the verdict of the Re
publicans of California by casting
their unanimous vote for the greatest
of living Americans, Theodore Roose
*vclt. Cutter also announced that the
convention would also udopt a plat
form and select a State Central Com
mittee.
Rev. Dr. E- L. Mlel of Sacramento
then kindly requested the delegates
to arise and when all were standing
he invoked divine assistance to guide
the body in its deliberations. A quar
tet consisting of Mrs. J. A. Moyna
han. Mrs. R. H. Hurley. R. T. Cohn
and J. G. Genshlea sang "America,"
the audience rising and joining.
Charles E. Snook, secretary of the
State Committee, read the call for the
rational and State conventions, after
vhich nominations for temporary
chairman were declared In order.
JLDGE IJUKMJTT NOMINATED.
E. F. Woodward of Sonoma, speak
ing as follows, placed in nomination
Judge A. G. Burnett:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Con
vention: On behalf of Sonoma Omnty 1 detlre
to !>!*<-« In nomination for chairman of this
convention a *r>ntlema hlKhly retimed In the
council* of tJie Hfpublican party of Califor
nia, of pre-*minmt ability as a pr<»!-idiiig of
fioer. firm or character, «>lo<juent of sjjfech.
rtron* or voice. Judicial In hie ruling?. ancJ,
• bov« and hoyond all, fair and Impartial to
all men. Fadi a pentl^man is the type of a
man v.e of Sonoma County offer for your
o.nMdPratlon, and should you choose him to
preside over your deliberations here to-day
l:e in turn will h.mor th«- conventii-n as Its
prej>i<5irr officer. Sir. Chairman, «c of f?o
ncmi County know whereof we ppeak when
»"e present to you Ponoma'f" favorite jolitlcal
leader, for he is to Sonoma Ooootjr and is
rapidly bt-comins to th«- State what Pr^Ment
I'.oosevelt Is to the nation— an ideal leader
• nd a model citizen. It affords me the great.
*st of pleasure to plac? in, nomination Judge
Albert G. Burnett of Pnnima County.
Senator M. L. Ward of San Diego.
6peaking in behalf of the Republican?
of the south, eulogized Uudge Burnett
end in the course of an able speech
reviewed the rise from humble sur
roundings of Lincoln. Grant, McKin-
Jey and Elaine. The speaker next re
ferred to Theodore Roosevelt as a
great leader and also paid a high com
pliment to Governor Pardee. speaking
of the chief executive of California as
a man of unquestioned integrity,
vhose administration was reflecting
credit on the commonwealth. The
references to these Republicans of na
tional and Stale renown elicited great
Bpplause.
One of the most interesting speeches
of the day was delivered by Frank H.
Fhort of Fresno in seconding the nom
ination of Judge Eurnett, and the
speaker won many rounds of applause
from delegates and spectators. Re
ferring to San Francisco Short said:
PKALSKS SAN FRANCISCO.
I have expressed mr admiration for the
t^autiful city of Los Angeles, but I wish to
•ay a few words about San Francisco. No
City in the world occupies a more command-
Ing position than Kan Francisco. I wish I
could adequately express tUe Importance of
¦what is to be done and done now. It stand*
fcs the foremost city on the western confines
of the Anglo-Saxon race. All of the fer
tility and resource* of the Pacific Slope are
et its command. With all of the Occident
l>ehlnd It and all of the Orient before it;
In til of that vast stretch of land reaching
.lrom the Antic to the Antarctic cold, and
Ironting the world's most majestic sea, I tell
that queenly .city that Kits by the Golden Gatt
there is no rival and there can never be. As
CaJHoraian*. we ought to be impressed with
the Importsn?* of the policies that t-hall be
applied to tt» present and its future. It
r.eeds rtroni men — intelligent, patriotic men.
We need to understand and to remember that
r.o man i* too large or too able to represent
th:* coast and that city. We need and must
have our largest men and most capable men
r^j.rtsent her. • Such men are more needed
than ever before. They are not only useful
to the Htate and her people, but equally useful
to *-verj- legitimate Interest In the State. All
of the principles' and policies of the party arc
in harmony w.th and in furtherance of Eaa
Kranclsco's best interests. We ought, as a
matter of pride and patriotism and of inter
est as well, to unite to bring that city per-"
• xnanent!y under the banner of the party to
¦u; .¦ !i the rightly belor.es.
Short's allusions to the late Demo
cratlc convention at Santa Cruz,
where there was so "much ado about
liothlng," created merriment. He ob»
served <hat the storm-tossed Demo
crats could not even preserve harmony
in doing nothing. He remarked that
the Republicans were not always right,
for that was something beyond human
achievement, but the fact was obvious
that the Democrats were eternally and
everlastingly wrong 1 .
W. S. Wood of San Francisco then
moved that Judge Burnett be elected
by acclamation. The motion pre
vailed and Mr. Cutter appointed E. F.
Woodward, M. L. Ward, F. P. Tuttle
and Frank H. Short as a committee to
escort Judge Burnett to the chair.
Judge Burnett in acknowledging the
honor conferred on him spoke in part
as follows:
PARTIES PATRIOTIC COURSE.
We are standing on the threshold of a cam.
jvaign of very great interest to the American
].eople. We might go further and eay that
it will attract the attention and affect the
welfare of the whole civilized world. Cut while
the approaching election Is of tremendous im
portance, and while we are entirely convinced
that the hirhert interest* of the nation demand
that the K«-publlcan party be continued in
power and that our great leader be elected
President of the United States, yet, of course,
no intelligent man believes and no bonen man
would assert that the foundations of the Gov
ernment are in danger or the Institutions of
liberty imperiled. There are too many honest,
intelligent, llberty-lovinif. God-fearing, law
respecting and patriotic citizens in both the
political parties to tolerate any policy that
would Jeopardize our national Integrity or
break down the bulwarks of our constitutional
rights. We may also rest assured that no
man will be elected as chief executive of
thle mighty republic whose ability or charac
ter is unworthy of the traditions of that great
office, honored and rendered almost sacred by
the Incumbency of Washington. Jefferson, Lin
coln. Grant. McKinley and Roosevelt.
la accordance with custom, each of the ap
proaching national conventions will promul
gate a declaration- of principles indicating
what they conceive to be the wisest policy for
the Government to pursue. There will probably
be very little difference between these plat,
forms, as far as the positive announcement of
political or economic doctrine is concerned.
The logic of events haa demonstrated so eon
rlusively the wisdom of the Republican posi
tion upon the vital principles that ought to
prevail in the admin 1st ration of affair* that
our Democratic friends, though somewhat
¦weary *»d footsore in their efforts to keep up
with the procession, will find themselves fight-
Every law of nature, he said, would
have to be abandoned to change thes<»
conditions. California is an empire by
itself. The Republicanism of the coun
try protects the beauties of California.
"This convention seems to have but
one purpose," he concluded. "There
are no bickerings and Theodore Roose
velt will be nominated. California is
asked to respond to the call of duty anti
she will respond. To-morrow's delib
eration will be marked with the can
dor and justice that always marks Re
publican conventions."
An adjournment was then taken un
til to-morrow morning at 9:30 o'clock.
George A. Knight was then called
upon by the delegates to entertain the
convention. He said he was greatly
Impressed with the address of the vet
eran of 1836, who had spoken before
him. Turning to political issues, he
said: "We will nominate Roosevelt
and elect him." Knight next paid a
tribute to California's wonderful beau
ty and he said he had found nothing
in all the European countries to equal
her attractions. He compared her
natural resources and wealth with
those of foreign countries and carried
his comparisons down to the political
conditions which uphold all these
beauties.
An effort was made to elect the State
Central Committee, but many of the
districts were not ready to report, but
will do so in the morning. The follow
ing were selected to-night:
C. W. Beacon. Crescent City. TV. II.
La Brue. Weavervtlle; H, W. Jackson.
Arcata; B. H. McNeill. Rohnerville;
Fred Hurst. Redding: J. T. Lacid. Al
turas; F. II. Hinea, Susanvillc; D. 1>.
Dodson. Red Bluff; ». A. Smith. Down
ieville; W. B. Coombs. Little River; E.
A. Warren. Chico; W. Densmore.
Marysville; M. E. Sanbom, Tuba City;
C. A. Swisler, Placerville; E. C. Voor
hees, Sutter Creek; C. D. Fontana.
Copperopolis; Harvie Boone. Bodle; A.
Hochheimer. Willows: E. C. Barrett.
Colusa; J. Treed, Middleton; Lyman
Bole/'Petaluma; A. B. Lemson. Santa
Rosa; E. H. Archer. Madison; J.
P. Kelly, R. Hall. Sacramento;
J. H. Donnelly, Folsom; E. It.
Hilborn, Suisun; E. B. Martinelli.
San Rafael; Ralph Jones, Martinez; G.
S. Harkness, Stockton; W. W. Gid
dlnze, Newman; J. W. Knox. Merced;
F. W. Street. Sonora; J. B. Lind. Mari
posa; G. G. Murray. Porterville; F. A.
Cooley. Bishop; B. L. Conlon, L. Sam
uels. F. Suhr, D. D. Sullivan. Charles
Armstrong. P. Menjon, J. II. Belser, E.
R. Peaser. C. H. J. Truman, C. B.
Perkins, Max Goldberg, Dr. E. R. Bry
ant, H. J. Perazzi. P. S. Barber. T. D.
Reardon. J. W« Boyce. San Francisco;
J. E. Walmsley. Irvington; F. Marennl,
F. K. Mott. F. D. Williams, J. W, Stet
son, G. S. Pierce, Oakland; T. Rickard,
Berkeley ; G. C. Ross, Redwood City;
H. F. Keon, Santa Cruz; E. D. Craw
ford, Gilroy; L. Bare, Campbell;
II. J. Edwards. San Jose; Thomas
Flint Jr.. San Juan; George Cosgrove,
T. G. Hart. Fresno; Dr. W. B.
Charles, Hanford; R. E. Easton, Santa
Maria; E. O. Gerberding. Ventura; J.
W. Wiley, Bakersfteld; J. W. Wood,
Pasadena; J. E. Lee. Pomona: Dr. G.
W. Campbell. O. Lawter. A. P. Cross.
O. R. W. Robinson. R. O. Ball, J. W,
Summerfield. Los Angelea; H. W. Kel
ler, Santa Monica; S. F. Kelly, San
Bernardino; II. W. Scott. Santa Ana;
F. A. Miller. RiversiQe; A. L. Johnson,
San Diego; E. S. Babcock, Coronado.
Siskiyou, Plumas. Nevada, Placer,
Napa, Monterey and San Luis Oblspo
counties have not named committee
men yet.
KNIGHT IS HEARD.
The sub-committee on platform re
ported that a report would be submit
ted to-morrow morning at 0:Z0 o'clock.
The committee of permanent organi
zation and order of business then re
ported:
OOMMTTEEEMEX ARE NAMED.
protection as It affected the laboring
man and Illustrated the fact that he
wag well posted on the subject. He
did not believe the child was yet born,
he said, who would be a Democratic
President. In conclusion he said the
Democrats have not the mental capa
city for conducting the Government.
Continued I>om Page 1, Column 3.
Cbntfnned From Page 1, Coin run
Reviews Work
of Nation's
Chief.
Districts Re
port Their
Choices.
Burnett Makes
a Ringing
Speech.
Namethe Mem
bers of State
Body.
CHEERS GREET EVERY MENTION OF ROOSEVELT'S NAME
T^E SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY. MAY 19, 1901.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tfOSTETTEK S
Indigestion, Constipation, Dyspep-
sia and Weak Kidneys are foes to
good health. Cure them at once by
taking the Bitters. It never fails
even in the most severe cases. Doc-
tors endorse it. Try a bottle. It is
also unequaled as a preventive oi
Malaria, Fever and Ague.There is no reference to the platforms
of 1S96 antl 1900 and no reference to the
financial question. Of the eighteen del
egates it Is certain not one is for
COLUMBIA, S. C, May 18.— The
South Carolina Democratic State Con
vention elected as delegates at large to
the St. Louis Convention Senator Till
man, Governor Heyward, Mayor R. M.
Rhett of Charleston and General W.
Jones, State chairman.
The delegates were not instructed,
but the unit rule was adopted. A reso
lution was passed after the election
calling for expressions from the candi
dates as to the Presidential nominee.
The delegates all expressed preference
for Judge Parker.
The platform condemns the President
for the appointment of Dr. William D.
Cium as Collector of the Port of
Charleston.
Hearst Fails to Get a Single Delegate
In South Carolina.
ALL ARE FOR PARKER.
Nine ballots were taken to-day and
the result of the last one stood: Yates,
482; Lowden, 403; Deneen, 432; Ham
lin. 111; Warner, 38; Sherman, 2;
Pierce, 33.
The convention will meet again at
10 o'clock in the morning and indi
cations are that the balloting will be
a practical repetition of the proceed
ings to-day.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., May 18. — The
Republican State Convention spent
another day in fruitless balloting, and,
although the leaders have been in con
ference since daylight, there is not
the least indication of a break in the
deadlock anywhere along the line.
Sherman's followers to-day continued
to vote for Deneen, but the Cook
County candidate developed no addi
tional strength. Yates' followers 're
mained firm and cemented their agree
ment to stand by the Governor to the
end.
Break in the Illinois Deadlock Is Not
Yet in Sight.
YATES MEN STAND FIRM.
bsra. Thomas Relsker: Santa Cruz, J. B. Holo
han; S*venty-nlnth District, George J. Meg
lt-y; Sixty-eighth District. F. H. Osier; Sixty
peventh District. W. R. Simms; Eightieth Dis
trict J. R. Stevenson; Thirty-first District,
J F Mooney; Forty-eecond District. S. B.
Whiting; Thirty-fourth District, J. C. Griffin;
Mendoclno, T. J. Weldon; Kings. D. E. Bush;
MaripoBa, J. O. Smith; Seventy-second Dis
trict A. Neemeyer; Forty-eighth District. J.
C Scott; Fiftieth District. Archl* Baldwin;
Fifty-first District. H. B. llarwood; Fifty
second District, C. E. Abbott; Thirty-fourth
District T. J. Kennedy; Calaveraa, W. A.
Downer; San Luis Obispo. F. I. Hodrigus;
Fifty-flrrt District. L. R. Mooser; Madera. L.
B. Fowler; Thirtieth District, J. R. Lydon;
Twenty-eighth District. M. J. Brown;
Thirty-third District. H. J- ifcCormlck;
Second District. Thoma* Balr: Third Dis
trict IV. J. Swartzall; Thirty-seventh
District, Thomas Casey; Trinity. F. B.
Fields; Seventy-third lilstrict, L,. F. Clark;
Sutter, II. D Stahler; Forty-seventh District,
A. B Tarpey; Forty-sixth District, Louis
IhiBching; Kixty-flrst District. D. S. Ewing;
Fifty-fifth District. E. Casey; Twenty-sixth
District. D. J. I^ooney; Twenty-fifth District,
J. C. Doyle; Fifty-seventh IMstrict. O. II.
Askane; Seventieth District, J. G. Holbrook:
Tv/c-nty-nlnth District. J. J. Sweeney: Del
Norte. A. J. HufTmann; Monterey. J. A. Bar
din; Merced, S. C. Cornell; Stanislaus, H. H.
Griffin; Butte. R. C. Long; Forty-fifth District.
U. J. Demartin; Nineteenth District, J. G.
Srook- Beventeenth District, A. M. Seymour;
Eighteenth District. T. Toohey; Fifty-sixth
District. E. C Hulburt; Sixtieth District, T.
K. Collins: Seventy-fourth District. \V. J.
Horgan: Seventy-fifth IXstrict. T. F. Me.
Caffey; Colusa. J. G. Zumwalt; Calaveras, W.
A. Dower; Glenn. V. <\ Cleek; Modoc, J.
Willie; Kl Dorado, W. F. Bray: Placer. K.
}' Tabor; Fortv-f«;urth District. J. C. Slmms;
Lake. V.'. R. PraO'ef.
Comralttfcmen at large — Flirt Congressional
District. J. J. Wells, H. J. Gray: Second Dis
trict. R. F. Oei«R. L. Ii. BoRgs; Third District.
M j Kertntn. M. J. I-aymance; Fourth Dis
trict. E. F. L.acey. J. It. Prinsle; Fifth Dis
trict M. Klernan. N. Bowden: Sixth District.
A L Cowcll. F. K. Roberts; Seventh Pistrlct.
A Schwann. M'.lton Vo'ing; Eighth DUtrlct,
C.' A. Storke. C. C. Cahlll.
Alternates^-Charles H. Grosvenor,
Warren G. Harding, John B. Cling
man and H. T. Eubanks.
The last named was the only colored
member of the last Ohio Legislature.
The convention was in session only
three hours to-day and most of that
time was occupied in balloting for
candidates for Supreme Judge. There
was also a ballot for member of the
Board of Public Works, but it was not
a contest after George B. Cox cast the
4 j.
Electors at large — Myron T. Her
rick, George B. Cox, Charles, Dick and
Joseph B. Foraker.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. May 18. — The
I following Republican State ticket was
nominated here to-day:
Secretary of State — Lewis C. Laylin.
Judge of the Supreme Court — Wil
liam F. Spear.
Clerk of the Supreme Court — Law
son Emerson.
Dairy and Food Commissioner —
Horace Ankeny.
Member of the Board of Public
Works — Richard B. Crawford.
Columbus Convention.
Herrick, Dick and Cox Control the
OHIO'S REPUBLICAN TICKET.
•he Railway Exchange building. Just
completed in Chicago, has office room
for 5000 persons.
COPENHAGEN. May IS. — Russian emigra
tion by way of Copenhagen Is Increasing.
Three hundred Russian Jews left to.day for
New York and larger parties are expected
to sail within the next few weeks.
LONG BEACH. May 18.— A man
supposed to have been L. W. Bruce of
Hudson, Mass., was drowned in the
surf here to-day. He was observed to
disappear near the life line and al
though an attempt was made to res
cue him he was not seen again and it
is believed that his body was caught
in the undertow and carried out to
sea. Papers were found in his cloth
ing, 'left at the bathhouse, that indi
cated his identity.
L. \V. Bruce Loses His Life While
Swimming in the
Surf.
MASSACHUSETTS MAN
DROWNS AT LONG BEACH
CHICAGO,, May 18. — George New
batt, a manufacturer from London,
England, stopping at the Auditorium
Hotel en route to the World's Fair at
St. Louis, reported to the hotel man
agement to-day that he had been
robbed of $5000 in bank notes while
asleep in his room. He attributed the
robbery to his companion, an Ameri
can, with whom he came over on the
ocean steamship.
Ixmdon Manufacturer Loses $5000 in
Bank Notes From His Room In
Chicago Hotel.
BELIEVES AMERICAN
COMRADE ROBBED HIM
NEW YORK, May 18. — The follow
ing Californians are registered here:
From San Francisco — C. Bennett,
at the Herald Square; W. E. Crist, at
the Astor House: Miss A. Goldstein,
at the Earlington; B. S. Hays and
wife, at the Grand Union; Mrs. I.
Levy, at the Gregorian; Mrs. R. Mc-
Kee, F. E. Miller and wife, at the
Grand Union; Miss L. M. Quinn, J. E.
Quinn, at the Broadway Central; Mls3
I. Carmany, at the Victoria; Miss L.
Gallatin, A. Gallatin and wife, at the
Imperial; Miss E. Hugarl. C. V. Hu
garl, at the Grand Union; T. E. Kenny,
at the Grand Hotel; J. H. Scanlon, at
the Hotel Imperial.
Californians in New York.
The platform enthusiastically in
dorses the policy and administration
of Roosevelt. While recognizing the
necessity of occasional revisions of the
tariff, it declares that no backward
steps should be taken and opposes
reciprocity.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., May 18. —
As was expected, the only contest in
the State Republican Convention held
here to-day developed on the question
of primary reform. Involving the
nomination of candidates for State of
fices, the Legislature and Congress by
direct vote of the people. The anti
primary reform element scored a de
cisive victory. Congressman William
Alden Smith's minority report from
the committee on resolutions, pledging
the party to the enactment of a gen
eral primary law, was defeated.
Delegates at large to the national
convention were elected unanimously
as follow: D. M. Ferry, Ralph Love
land, T. J. O'Brien and Captain
Thomas Walters.
G. J. Diekma of Holland was unani
mously re-elected chairman of the new
State Central Committee which was
elected to-day and fourteen Presiden
tial electors were chosen.
"AntLs" Score n Triumph in Michigan
Republican Convention.
PRIMARY REFORM LOSES.
SAN JOSE, May 18. — Two men giv
ing the names of William Sears and
James Heggerty, who claim San Fran
cisco as their home, have been arrest
ed for obtaining money by false pre
tenses. They obtained sums of money
Tuesday and yesterday by claiming
they were relatives of Chief of Police
Carroll. Sears claimed to be a brother
of the Chief. The two men worked
all the politicians on election day.
for Obtaining Money by False
l»rctenscs.
San Franciscans Arrested in San Jose
FLEECE TIIK POLITICIANS.
AND GO TO PRISON
YOUNTVILLE, May 18.— The body
of a man was found to-day some miles
back of the Veterans' Home by Franz
Bettziche, a member of th» home.
The Coroner was summoned from
Napa and held an irfquest. The jury
returned a verdict of "died from
causes unknown to the jury."
The body was identified as that of
John Smidt, his cane, watch and chain
being recognized by his comrades.
Smidt had been missing from the
home for two weeks. Deceased was a
native of Germany, 66 years of age,
and had been a member of the home
for a year. He served as private in
Company E. Sixth California Infantry,
and was a member of California
Whipple Post No. 49, G. A. R. There
are no relatives.
John Ninidt. nn Inmate of the Home,
ffll Dies From Unknown
*^ Causes.
VETERAN'S DEAD BODY
FOUND AT YOIMTVILLE
SEVILLE, Spain, May 18. — The La
bor Congress in session here decided
to-day to propose to all the labor or
ganizations in America and Europe
the establishment t»f an International
Labor Federation.
World-Wide Labor Federation.
Delegates at large to the National
Convention — H. C. Brome, C. B. Demp
ster, J. C. Piper and H. L. Leflange.
Elmer J. Burkett was named as the
party's choice for United States Sen
ator.
The platform, after asserting its faith
in the principles of the last national
platform, declares for the nomination
of PreFideiit Roosevelt and praises his
administration. The candidacy of John
L. Webster of Nebraska for Vice Presi
dent is endorsed. On the tariff and
currency Questions the platform says:
"We declare our belief in a protective
tariff, a fundamental doctrine, that has
largely contributed to the nation's
growth and greatness. We adhere to
the principles and we refuse to be
come frightened at the schedules of a
law, the practical application of which
during the past seven years has
brought to the country such marvelous
development and phenomenal pros
perity.
"The efficiency of a gold standard
established by the party is proved by
the unquestioned soundness of all our
currency and Its sufficient abundance
to meet all the demands of a vastly in
creased trade." -r -
Satisfaction over'tpe acquirement of
the Panama car.al property is ex
pressed and the work of the last Con
gress in providing for irrigation sys
tems in "Western States is heartily
praised.
Treasurer — Peter Mortensen.
Attorney General — Norris Brown.
Auditor — N. E. Searle.
J^and Commissioner — H. M. Eaton.
Superintendent of Schools— J. L. Me-
Brien.
LINCOLN. Neb., May IS.— The Re
publican State Convention to-day
nominated the following State ticket:
Governor— John H. Mickey, of Polk
County.
Lieutenant Governor— E. G. McGllton.
Secretary of State — A. Galusha,
Republicans Indorse John L. Webster
for the Vice Presidency.
NEBRASKA NOMINEES.
Complainants hold that Young
knew that the assault was to be com
mitted and that he assisted in plan
ning it.
Young was arrested in his offices
and taken to the Central station,
where he immediately gave bonds. He
says that he was in San Francisco at
the time of the murder.
CHICAGO, May 18. — Albert Young,
president of the Teamsters* Union, was
arrested this afternoon on a charge of
conspiring and being accessory to the
assault of Basil Rutherford, who died
from wounds inflicted during the al
leged attack. A St. Louis Grand Jury
indicted Young several weeks ago, but
the Chicago police were only recently
asked to place him under arrest.
Rutherford was a non-union team
ster in St. Louis and it was there that
he was assaulted and met his death.
Albert Young Charged With Being an
Accessory' to the Murder of a
Non-Union Employe.
PRESIDENT OF TEAMSTERS'
UNION* IS ARRESTED
} MADISON. Wis., May 18.— A con
j tinuous Parliamentary wrangle.. >"d
by the best orators of the Baensch
! faction against the efforts of the La
| Follette supporters to ¦ seat the con
tested delegations to the Republican
State Convention to-day resulted in a
| bolt of the Raensch delegates and the
I refusal of the Cook men to recognize
I the convention as legal. The point in
question was on the power of the State
Central Committee against the power
of the convention to determine the
roll of the convention. No compromise
was offered, except that the Baensch
men demanded the return of the evi
dence before the State Central Com-
I mittee to the convention body for
final action. The proposition was re
fused.
After the bolt an adjournment was
taken until to-morrow.
As a consummation of the bitter
strife engendered, two conventions will
nominate State tickets in Madison to
morrow. The courts will be called upon
to decide which set is entitled to legal
recognition. The convention which was
bolted by the Baenach delegation and
denounced as illegal by the Cook fac
tion will name a State ticket headed
by Governor La Follette. The conven
tion will contain 578 delegates. The
convention of anti-third termers, to
meet at the Fuller Opera-house, will
have 555 delegates, who claim to have
¦ been legally elected.
The plan as outlined to-night by the
bolting faction will be the nomination
of former Congressman Samuel A.
Cook for Governor.
Breach in the Ranks of the Wisconsin
Republicans.
FACTION BOI/TS CONVENTION'.
DENVER, May 18. — Further re
turns received to-day Increased the
plurality of Speer (D.) for Mayor to
more than 5000.
Denver's Mayor Is Democratic.
BATON ROUGE, La., May 18. — The
General Assembly to-day, in joint ses
sion, formally declared Murphy J.
Foster elected to succeed himself in
the United States Senate, his present
term expiring in 1907.
Foster Is Re-Elected Senator.
MELBOURNE, Victoria. May 18.— In
the Commonwealth House of Repre
sentatives Premier "Watson of the new
(labor) Cabinet to-day outlined its gen
eral policy.
The Government proposes to relntro
duce the arbitration bill, retaining its
general principles, but making the
state employes amenable thereto, this
being the point on which the late Gov
ernment was wrecked. The arbitration
court will consist of a Judge only, with
special technical assessors when desir
ed by either side. The appearance of
counsel before the court is prohibited
without the consent of both sides,
thereby limiting expenses.
It was proposed, the Premier contin
ued, to appoint a single High Commis
sioner in London, representing all Au
stralia, which would gradually remove
the necessity for representatives of the
different States of the Commonwealth.
The other proposed legislation in
cluded old age pensions, state control
of the tobacco trade and a banking bill
providing for all Australia, the Cana
dian provision to compel banks to hold
4 per cent of their reserve in Govern
ment notes.
Among the arrivals to-day were Mrs.
Mary Dunn of Chicago of the city de
partment, Dr. Mary Rltter of Berkeley
and Mrs. Professor Cornelius Bradley
of Berkeley.
SANTA CRUZ. May 18.— Mission day
was observed at the Students' Confer
ence at Capitola to-day by the student
volunteers who have pledged them
selves to go as foreign mission
aries. Miss Ruth Paxton presided
and Mrs. Mindora Berry Goodwin, for
merly a missionary in China, Miss
Lydia Gertrude Barker, a Berkeley
graduate who works with the Ameri
can board in India, and Miss Julia
Winn of Tokio, Japan, were among
the speakers. The other members of
the conference who are working In the
foreign field are: Louise F. Shield of
Portland, Or., Isabelle Wright of Ore
gon Agricultural College, pledged for
Japan; Julia Winn of Occidental Col
lege for Japan, Xora Psyche Butler of
University of California and Beatrice
R. French of Stanford University, for
India; Florence Hammond of Stanford
University, Anna Rae Mills of Stan
ford University, Miss Helen Protzman
of Santa Cruz, Helen Molyneaux Sal
isbury of Stanford University, Dagmer
"White of University of California,
Zevia Zelah Brown of Phllometh Col
lege, Or., and Harriet Brown of Stan
ford University. #
A missionary tea was held this even-
Ing. The tables looked quite Oriental.
Chinese flags composed the decorations
on each table. Miss Harriet Skidmore
Smyth, Miss Mover and Miss Miller,
all of Berkeley, directed the affair.
Later a Chinese entertainment was
held in the foyer of the hotel.
Miss Ruth Paxon presided at the Stu
dents' Conference, and the work of the
Bible study committee was taken up
by Miss Mary Page of the University
of California. Miss Helen F. Barnes
of Chicago presided at the city con
ference, Miss Elizabeth Cole presided
at the missionary conference and Miss
Helen Salisbury, president of the Stan
ford Association, took up the subject
of mission study classes. She was fol
lowed by Miss French and Miss Hat
field of Berkeley. Miss Bertha Conde
of Chicago presided at the alumni
conference. The work that students
can do at home was discussed by Miss
Harriet Brown of Stanford University
and Miss Mary Bentley of the Uni
versity of California.
Special Dispatch to The Call
• . Special Dispatch to The CalL
PAXTA CRUZ. May 18.— The last of
the delegates to the Democratic State
Convention left here on the morning
trains and quietness pervades the city
after the bustle and excitement conse
. quer.t- upon the gathering of the Bour
bons. That the rupture within the
X»arty lines is greater than ever before
.'is adruirted, and considerable ill-feeling
v'as; shown last night by the San Fran
• c:sco delegates. Thope of the San Fran
cisco 'delegation who voted in favor of
. instructing the delegates to the St.
Louis Convention were spoken of as
. tra'itors to the organization, and they
.¦will b* rigorously excluded from the
•counsels of the chiefs whenever they
• hold a pow-wow in the city by the
Oolden Gate. The following rollcall on
the resolution to instruct the national
d^l^gation for Hearst shows that thir
, ty-one <jf the San Francisco delegates
kicked over the organization traces
and that had they remained firm the
Hearst resolution would have been
.voted down:
•* County— For. Agr&lnrt.
/.lazneda 27 15
>fcljtae_
'/.n-,ad .r 5 1
• Ziatte 6 S
« Viav«ras 7
t'-«!uha 4 2
• t.'T.tra CoFta lc»
J ¦• . -N rtt 1 *
t:j Dorado 7
irri-no 21
"*_.;¦ Kn 4
JJun-.boldt *12
li.yo 2
>:f rn -i ii
Kings 5
J^»» 1 3
1 .;.?•:¦»:. 2 ...
, l~cs .Anfc'«?!e5 —
venth I>i?trict 3
Sixiy-«iKhth District ft
Kixty-niotb District ti ...
Seventieth District 6
ticve&ty-fint District 5 1
Seven :y -second District 5
Seventy-third District 0 J
Sf veniy-reurth District .... 7 2
Scvemjr-JUife District 7 1
.^Rdera &
Sliirin- 8 ...
Marixvesa. i 2
*Jpr»aocino <j 6
Slerwd .-, 1
M&doc 3
Mono 1 ...
Monterey 10 ...
Naps, 8
• Nevada 10
Oranre R ...
Placer a S
I'lurr.as 2 ...
¦XUveroida l 3
Fa-ramtT.to 2<; ...
fan B*»ni*.o .". ...
t-aa B< rr.ardlno JO
Kir Dteso 12
fcan Francisco —
rwextty-«isbtb District 3
Twer.ty-ninth District 2 Irt
'Thirtieth District ......... 1 12
: Thirty -first District 12
Thirty-second District .... 1 li>
Thirty-third District 1 7
Thirty-fourth District .... 3 «
Thirty-fifth District 4 6
Thlrty-;.:.\th District 10
Thirty-Fewnth District 10
Thirty-«>!ch:h District 10 ...
- T+.irty-nir'h District H 1
. Fortieth District ... 0
. Forty-first District 1 1
Forty -second District ]O
Fofty-third District 1 7
Korty-fourth District 1 R
Forty-fifth District s
F*r. Joaquin X 14
f-an Lota ObJspo <\ 4
Kan Mat"O 7 ...
i-'anta Barbara 0 ...
'far.ta O*ra 2« 2
• F.inta Cniz 7 1
?h*srta 11
*H ( >rra -T ...
FteklToa m
E iano 12
For.oiTia 21
Ftar.i?lau* 2 . r »
Futt<?r 1 n
Vhamd 2 4
Trinity ... 3
Tulare 12
T-i^lurnne S
Vfntur* 7 ...
Tolo R
Tuba 1 4
T^tal* 3f55 34<>
The affair? of the storm-tossed Dp
fnocracy of California will be managed
during the coming campaign by the
following State Central Committee, ap
pointed before the convention ad
journed:
. Inyo. J. J. Gunn; Thirty-flfth District, W.
II. Cannon: Thirty-nlrth Dirtrict P. J. Gal
laj:h«>r: Riv*r*idp. W. O. Irvirjr': Fourteenth
• District. C. C. Dur.bur: Thiru-enth District. J.
>. McMahon: Shasta. A. L*-st»r Sr.: Marin.
>f. F. Cochran*-; Thirty-F^cond District. Jam«9
Donovan: Forty-r'nth District. Warr*>n Olnpy
Jr.; San Bernardino. J. II Wp^t; San Mateo,
JI. J. Hatch; Napa. J. T. Tork; Santa liar-
111" Feeling Shown Toward
Those Who Deserted the
San Francisco Delegation
Other Innovations Include
Old Age Pensions and State
Control' of Tobacco Trade
Interesting Function Held
in the Evening, at Which
Chinese Effects Prevail
SINGLE JUDGE TO ACT
There was an attempt to secure a
plank in the platform in accordance
with McKinley's last speech at Buf
falo, but It failed. Senator Dick, who
wrote the platform, said:
"We stand pat on the tariff as well
as other policies and do not want the
Iowa idea."
The only other contest was that of
the colored men as to who should rep
resent them as an alternate at large.
The convention was controlled by
Herrlck, Dick and Cox, who were dis
posed to have harmony, while some of
their followers wanted factional lines
drawn even on the senior Ohio Sena
tor as a delegate at large. The Ohio
delegation to the Chicago convention
was not instructed, but it is pledged
by the resolutions of the past two con
ventions to President Roosevelt.
105 votes of Hamilton County for Cap
tain Crawford.
Republican State Convention to elect
delegates to the Republican National
Convention met here this afternoon
and completed Its work in three hours.
The following" were elected delegates
to ! the national convention: United
States Senator W. B. Heyburn, J. C.
Hall, W. E. Borah, F. R. Gooding, D.
"W. Standrod and J. M. Stevens. The
resolutions indorse Roosevelt In strong
terms.
DES MOINES. May 18.— Iowa's
long flght between "stand-pat" Repub
licans and Liberals on the Issue of
tariff revision and reciprocity ended in
a complete victory for the former In
to-day's State convention for select
ing delegates to the national conven
tion. Of twenty-six delegates chosen
twenty are "stand-patters" and only
six are Liberals. The resolutions
adopted contain no sentiment what
ever In favor of tariff revision, but de
clare that the protective principle
"found its high fulfillment" In the
Dingley law. As to reciprocity, the
platform declares that It is "unwise to
seek markets abroad by sacrificing
some parts of the markets at home."
The convention was unanimous In
naming its delegates and a-doptlng its
platform, but the committee on reso
lutions disagreed in the recommenda
tions. A minority of four, headed by
ex-Congressman Perkins, a possible
candidate for Governor, stood for a
liberal plank, declaring for a reci
procity that would increase foreign
markets -without harming American
industry and suggesting that the Re
publican party can be depended on to
revise the tariff whenever necessary.
This minority refused to accede to the
platform of the majority as to the
tariff and so reported to the conven
tion.
The delegates at large named were
Senators Allison and Dolliver, J. W.
Blythe and Governor Cummins.
DELEGATES AT A TEA
ClUBSH WORDS SPOKEN
Mooted Arbitration BillWill
Be Reintroduced in the
Parliament of Australia
Students Volunteered for
Foreign Service Discuss
Plans for Future Work
.Last of the Democratic
"•Delegates Leave Conven
. iron City on Morning Train
Platform Declares for a Continuance of the Protective
Tariff and Opposes Reciprocity With Foreign Na
tions at a Sacrifice of the Markets at Home
LABOR PREMIER
STATES POLICY
QUIET REIGNS
AT SANTA CRUZ
MISSION DAY
IS OBSERVED
CONVENTION OF IOWA REPUBLICANS
INDORSES THE "STAND PAT" POLICY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
Idnlio Republicans Xanic Delegates.
TOCATELLO, Idaho, May 18.— The
5
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
I Still Deeper Price Cvts-Still Digger Bargains To-Dayl
Again yesterday— as the day before— and, in fact, every day 1
since this sale started — our store was a spinning pandemonium of I
fast and furious buying. . The goods went flying out of the doors ¦
as if they had wings. It isn't at all surprising to us that the people 1
III are gathering here as they never gathered at a sale before or that I
|||| the selling is phenomenal. The mystery is that anybody will be so f
§111 extravagant as to go elsewhere and pay regular prices. Perhaps it's I
Mm from pure heedlessness — Rip Van Winkle during his twenty years' | Jp&i
g|| sleep on the mountain wasn't more oblivious to passing events than | M^Sk
5|g are some people to their own interests. -Possibly you are a bit | fiksMk
III doubtful about the genuineness of the savings — one of the most I JE jH^
III difficult things in this world is to make some folks believe the truth. |
HH Whatever the reason, you are cheating yourself badly by staying 1
hM away. Come and investigate. If you do the other stores will stand | «m*
III about as much chance of selling you tailoring, hats and furnishings | M
p| as a brick of ice cream would" have of retaining its mold in a I ||j
lill C pp fK p <tl OO At A*tr tfio «1 9^ § J»L_rftfS^
t|i and $ 1 .50 Shirts at 85c— the $ 1 .50 Straw
||| Hats at $1.15— the $2.00 Soft Hats at
ill . $1.25 — the $3.00 Derby Hats at $1.95— CiSSSw
ill IPlf'^nSliS^^ the $3.50 Wash Vests at $1.95— the 50c TO
l8l m *£^^^***2 Fancy Hose at 25c— the 25c Fancy Hose mM
HI at 16%c— the 50c Four-in-Hands at 25c WT@
m -the 25c Midget Ties at 12J4c-the 50c J^^
111 Suspenders at 25c— the $3.50 Sweaters
ill at $1.95— the thousands of Other Bar-
PH gains, e^ jfi ¦•*.&' j» jt ** •.< c* m
IV^I <jTB ' . .-. .i»m^^^^t^— ___^ -^^ ¦
If BUILDING FOR. RENT— MACHINERY AND FIXTURES FOR SALE.
AD\TKRTISEjMIENT3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jjjiXfiteSs 1
SiOK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Uttle Pills.
They also reliere Distress torn. VjtpepA,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dkziaess, Xaosea, Drtrtrsl-
aess, Bad Taste ia tke Mouth, Coated Tongne
Pain in the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowel*. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
eStcarncra leave Broadway
wharves, plera 9 aad 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchikan. Wrang-l.
Juneau. Halnaa. Ekarway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. nv. Mar
5, 10. 15. 20. 25. 30 Juno 4.
Change to Company 8 •team-
en at Seattle-.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend Seattle. Tacoma. Ev«rett. Bel-
Unsham— 11 a. m.. May 8. 10. 13. 20. 23. 30.
June 4. Chans-; at Seatt'.s to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattl*
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Jlumfcoldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:.V»
p. m.. May 4. 10, 18. 22. 2S: Spokane. 1:30
p. m.. May 1, 7. 13. 19: Corona. May 23. 31.
For' Los Angeles ( via Port Los Armeies and
Redondo). San D'eKo and Santa Barbara^ —
Santa Rosa Sundays. 9 a. m.
Ftate of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Fanta Cms. Mont-
terey, San Pimson. Cayuccs. Port Hartord (Saa
Lou!* Obtspo). Ventura and IIuenem<».
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. May T. l.\ 23. 31. June 9.
Santa Cru*. 9 a. m. (freight only), May 19, 27.
For Ensenada. Maidalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La. Pas. Banta Ro-
salia. Guaynuu <?.!•• x >. 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or tailing
dates.
TZCXET OPPICES — 4 New Montjcom-
I ery st. (Palace Hotel>. 10 Market st. and Broad-
j way wharves, rrelsrtit OSes, 10 Market st.
C. D. DTTNANN. Ueneral PasB«n*er Agent.
; 10 Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter «t.. will
call for and. ch<?' li baggage from hotel* aad
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
American xjire.
Plymouth — Cb er bonrr — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at *J:30 a. m.
Germanic June 4| Philadelphia. .. June H
[ St. Paul June Hi St. Louis June 2*
I ATLANTIC TRA5TSPOET LISTE.
i Hew York — London Direct.
Mlnnetonka June 4. 10 a. m.
Mlnnehaha June 11. 3:30 p. m.
I Minneapolis June V». 9 a. m.
! Mtsaba June 25. 9 a. ra.
Only flrst-rlajn passengers carried.
DOMINION X.X2TZ.
Montreal — Iiiverpool — Short nea paasag*.
Kensington June 4|Southwark June 1*
Dominion June ll'Canada — June 25
HOLLAKD-AMIEICA LI1TE.
New Twln-Scn-w Sfamt-ra of 12..VH) Tons.
Now Tork — Rotterdam. Via Bonlojrne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Nordam May 31IPotsdam June II
Statendam June 7; Rotterdam June 21
BED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp — Parlx.
From New Tork Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Vaderland June 4IZe«land June 1*
Kroonland June lliFlnland June 25
WHITS STAB LINE.
Hew Tork — Queenitown — Liverpool.
Salllne Wednesdays.
Oceanic. June 1. 8 a.m. Cedrlr ?'ine> IS. 8 am.
Teutonic. Jun* 8. 10 am Majest June 22.10 an
Celtic. June 10. 3 p.m. Arabic. .June 24. 3 pm.
B oston — Qu eenvtown — H v erp ool.
Cretlc June 2. June 30, July 2ft
Republic (new) June 9. July 7. Aujr. 11
Cymric June 16. July 14. Aug. 13
NrTW* SERVICE FROM BOSTON.
rut Twin-Screw Steamers
Of U.40O to 15.000 tons.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITEBHAITEAJI. VIA AZOKES.
GIBRALTAR. STAPLES. GENOA.
ROMANIC Jun» IS. July 3">. Sept. IT
CANOPIC July 2. Aujr. 27. Oct. n
, First Class, tSO. upward.
C. D. TAYLOR. Pas«er.K»r A««>nt Parlfle Coast.
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
— AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. SX. RAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST.
(Carrying U. S. Mails.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JUNE :2 : :2 F*. A\.
Connecting with the Company's Steaxnsrs for
All BERINO SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Staam*r*
for Fairbanks and all points on KOTUKUK.
TANA N A «nd YUKON RIVFTRS.
PVr FrHrht an* P»«w»*» Apply t«
NORTHEZN COMMERCIAL CO.
623 Crc*sl*-y buildlnc. Cor. Mission and New
Montgcmery sts.. San Francisco.
Hamburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURO
THE GREAT OCEAK FLYE2,
S. S. Deutschland
«t«6Vi ft- Ion*— 23»i knots average upeed.
Sail* June 8. July 7. An?. 4, Sept. 1.
Patricia May 21U*Moltke June 2
Palatia May 23'PTttorta June *
•t'Elu^cher May "''¦ •Deutschland June »
B*lfsravla May 28 Walder^ee June 11
•Has grill room and tgymr.asium onboard.
Tff A. -M H II HQ-AMEEICAW LIUE.
Office* 33 and 37 Froadway, New York.
HERZC?b * CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. I?- & N. CO.
COLTTMBTA Balls May 13. 27. Jun« «. 18, and
2<J CEO. W. ELDER sails May 22. June 1.
Hand 21. Only steamship line to PORTLAND,
OR. and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points.
Steamer tickets Include berth and meals.
Steamer sails foot cf Spear at. at 11. a. m.
S V. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Mont-
gomery «t. : C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agent Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
S S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. May 26. 2 p. ra.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. May 29, 11 a. m.
S ' S. A LAMED A. for Honolulu, June i. 11 am.
J.D.SFIECHL3 k BEOl Ca,AztS.,TiCt!t 0SC8 543 3Ur-
tit, nglzht 0Sce323MirKtSL, PftT.Pial; ii.
C0M7A8KIX 6X5HUU TSA531TLA5TIQSS.
PiRKCT LINE TO HA.VK&-PAJUS. _^.»«_
galling every Thursday lasteaj of ««CsQft)
Saturday, at 10 a. ta.. froia Pier 42. -^XOBV
North River, foot of Morton st.
Flnt class to Havre. $70 aad upward. Seo.
end class to Havre. $43 and upward. OS.N.
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
H«w Tork. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Co*«t
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
To V. S. Navy Taxd ana Vanejo.
STR3 GEN FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW-»:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:13 P. M..
BOO P M . 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays.
9 : 45 A M.. 8:3O P. M. Leave Vallejo, 7:00
AM 000 A. M., 12:3O NOON. 3:15 P. M..
60O P M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays, 7:0O A. M..
4-15 P M Fare one way, 50c. Landing and
office 'pier 2. foot Mission at. Phone Main
1.108.' HATCH BROS.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Y©arw
if s Nife =s! \>^i
ipYSPEPSIA
's^MlS CURED
plMEDICAL
J JDI5C0VERY
| ill MAKESTHERE are few exceptions to the encouraging reports that are sent from the agricultural
counties in the central part of the State. Climatic difficulties have beset the coast and in
terior districts, but, as a rule, the soil has responded quickly to favorable changes, and
nothing can nozv happen tliat would materially affect conditions. Frost lias, in some sections,
nipped the fruit; at other places the vineyards have suffered. Peacftes seem to have been chief ly
damaged. But the injury from cold this season is hardly above the minimum. Generally speak
ing, the stand of grain is excellent and the yield ivill be great.
WEATHER FAVORS FRUIT AND GRAIN.
quence.
"t present Kern River is full" from
bank to bank and the irrigation canals
are running to the limit. The condition
of the county is good. In the Tehach
apl Mountains the crops have been ex
ceptionally good. The sheep have
done very well and the wool crop is in
excess of that of last year in spite of
the early drought;
CHICO, May 18.— The outlook for the
farmer and fruit grower in this section
is not generally «o good as last year.
Fruit is light or scattering and grain
is In many places eeverely injured by
the excessive rains.
O» the adobe lands much "early sown
CONDITIONS NOT SO --;•
GOOD AS LAST YEAR
IN BUTTE COUNTY
BAKERSFIELD, May 18.— The out
look for crops this season is fair. The
fruit has been somewhat damaged by
frosts, the raisin crop being especially
Injured and almost a total loss; The
lack of rain during the early part of
the season has partially been atoned
for by the later showers and the al
falfa crop is generally good, while the
scarcity of other fed for cattle and
sheep has caused the prices to go high.
The crops of wheat and cereals is fair
in most parts of the county. In the
mountains the feed for cattle has been
quite fair toward the latter part of the
season, on the dry ranges in the foot
hills there has been very little grass
and cattle have suffered in conse-
RAISINS A LOSS
BUT OTHER CROPS
ARE FAIR IN KERN
The hay crop promises to be unusual
in large and the liberal precipitation
guarantees a EPlendid alfalfa yield.
Barley and wheat are coming rapidly
lorward, and in some fields the heads
are forming. The absence of severe
north wjnds of long duration during the
present month has been of great bene
fit, the moisture remaining close to the
MARYSVILLE, May 18.—Notwith
standing the long and continuous rain
of February and March, with much
flood water, Yuba and Butter counties
will record for this season a crop report
far in excess of 1903. The warm weath
er of April and May turned the tide in
favor cf large yields, and at present
farmers are preparing for the harvest,
~nd are cutting hay. The season was
most favorable for summer following,
plowing and sowing, and added greatly
to' the acreage for cereals.
CROPS OF ALL KINDS
¦ 'ARE IN A THRIVING
CONDITION IN YUBA
COLUSA, May 18.— The season thus 1
far In Colusa County has been a very
favorable one for grain crops of all
kinds, and from the present indications
the yield will be large. The acreage
planted to wheat and barley is greater
than for several years. From some
cause the fruit crop will not be as
heavy as was at first expected.
Peaches and apricots will not go over
half the average yield. The prune
crop will be almost up to the average.
Ail kinds of berries are yielding a very
heavy crop and of extra quality.
COLUSA GRAIN WILL
BE UP TO AVERAGE
BUT FRUIT IS LIGHT
WILLOWS, May 18.— Glenn County
farmers are now in the thick of the
hay harvest, which will be very large.
Owing to the satisfactory prices of hay
last year, there will be at least 6000
tones baled this year. Barley on the
gravelly land is ripening fast and ten
days more of warm weather will make
it fit for the harvester. The acreage to
barley in this county is very large this
year, some of the ranches being almost
wholly given over to this crop. Our
farmers have learned that raising
brewing barley pays better than wheat.
While the acreage to wheat and barley
is about the same as last season, the
yield will not be as good, the cc-ntinued
wet weather having drowned out and
turned to cheat a great acreage along
the Sacramento River. Foothill lands
take the lead in crops this year.
P'ruits of all kinds will be about an
average crop. Apricots will be light in
localities, having been slightly injured
by frost. Peaches and prunes will
make a heavy crop, and almonds, in
which Glenn County excels, will make
an exceptionally heavy crop on the
plains, the foothill crop being a little
inferior. Berries are backwr.rd and in
ferior in quality. Both cereal and fruit
crops will be about the same as last
year.
HAY IS HEAVY AND
FRUIT CROP FAIR
IN GLENN COUNTY
RED BLUFF, May 18.— The crop out
look in Tehama County has been
Greatly improved by the spring rains.
Late grain looks better than the early
sown and summer fallow, Irut the crop
will not be an average. The hay crop
is a heavy one and cutting has al
ready begun. There will be a heavy
crop of pears, while peaches are less
than the average. Apricots and al
monds will be about one-fourth of an
ordinary crop. Stock is In fine con
dition. There is plenty of feed and
driving to the mountains for summer
pasture has begun. Showers of rain
began this afternoon, but no damage
It dene to the newly cut hay.
LATE RAINS GIVE
CROPS A NEW START
IN TEH AM A COUNTY
GRASS VALLEY, May IS. — Nevada
County will have the largest fruit and
grain crop in her history. It was
feared that sharp hailstones following
the warm weather would beat the
blossoms off the trees, but this proved
groundless, and it is estimated that
the pear crop alone will be one and
a half times as Jarge as last year.
Oats are showing up well.
NEVADA CITY, May 18.-Aside
from pears and peaches the fruit crop
in Nevada County promises to be good
this year. The unusual cold spell and
storms in April, together with a couple
of frosty nights, have played havoc
with the pear crop in particular. In
the sections where the Bartlett pears
usually produce heavily, such as Chi
cago Park, there will be a scarcity and
it is estimated that it will be mSi-fa
less than last year. There are in
stances in some orchards where scarce
ly any pears will be secured.
Judging from reports of the orchard
ists, there will be a falling off in
peaches also, due to the same cause
as the pear failure, but the bountiful
crop of prunes, apples and plums will
more than make up for the other
losses.
In the lower portion of the 'county
the general crop prospects are bright
and the farmers are looking forward
to a prosperous season. A few show
ers at this time would greatly Improve
the even favorable conditions.
CROP IN NEVADA
COUNTY WILL BE A
RECORD BREAKER
All of the big mine!* are working
full handed, the labor troubles are
Trded and the mineral output will
nearly double that of last year.
Everything looks prosperous and
the people of Shasta County are con
sequently happy.
REDDING. May 18. — The crop con
ditions of Shasta County never looked
better than they do at present. Farm
ors are jubilant over the outlook, fruit
growers are congratulating themselves
over the promising conditions and the
people generally foel elated about the
way things look. The cereal crop will
b* unusually large. Grain, oats and
alfalfa is looking fine and the present
showrs will greatly benefit the crop.
Haying In the gTain centers would
have begun yesterday had it not been
for the rain. Now it will be delayed a
few days, but the delay will be dollars
:o the farmer?. The crop this year
will be a third greater than that of
last year. Fruits of all kinds are
looking well. The slight frosts did
Eittle damagp this year. The only
damage that has been reported so far
is to th«? early strawberries from the
•Happy Valley district. A severe hail
storm in April ruined the first crop.
Peaches, pears, apples, grapes and all
like fruits will yield largely in Shasta
this season. Not only do the fruit and
«-^real crops give promise of great in
••reasp, but the lumber and mineral
output will be far ahead of any pre
vious year. Sawmills that last season
jt«?nt out 50.000.000 feet of lumber will
this year put out 75,000,000 feet and
there is an unusual demand for lum
ber.
surface. Green feed is plentiful and
stock is in first-class condition.
In tht* orchards the prospects are
exceedingly bright, and a heavy yield
of all fruits is assured. The first crop
will be much larger than that of last
season while the growers are confident
of an excellent quality. Berries and
cherries are coming into market read
ily now and larger shipments are made
daily. The fruit canneries are prepar
ing for a long run. and the dry yards
will be worked to a full capacity. The
almond croo will also be larger. Hops
are coming along nicely and in the
vicinity of Wheatland the acreage has
been increased.
soils wild oats have all but taken the
fields. On the middle-weight and lighter
soils, away from the river bottom, there
is a good stand of all kinds of grain-
Being an unusual year, unusual cogA
tions prevail in many quarters. IJnr
instance, it is no uncommon sight to
see a splendid stand of grain on a
tract that was volunteered.
The fruit for the most part failed
on accoulit of the prevalence of wet
weather during the germinating sea
son. Cherries are light and a little
late. «
grain was drowned, and on neighboring
Lands Recover From Unfavorable Conditions and a
Yield Above the Average Is Assured.
. •
AUBURN, Cal., May 18.— The pros
pects for an average fruit crop in most
of the orchards around Auburn are
anything but promising at the present
time. Interviews with prominent or
chardists in this vicinity indicate that
the heavy spring rains have done
considerable damage and that lor
many fruits half a crop is the best
that may be expected. Exceptions,
however, may be made to Bartlett
pears and the Knight's Early cherry
crop. Both these crops will be quite
as heavy as usual. Cherries are now
selling at the Newcastle fruit houses
for one dollar r>er box. But peach,
plum, prune and apricot trees all
suffered heavily from the late rains
which destroyed the pollen and kept
the fruit from maturing. In the
higher altitudes apples bid fair to yield
at least an average crop. Strawberries,
of fine quality, are already on the mar
ket, and a very abundant crop is pfoni
ised.
The above conditions would be dis
couraging but for the fact that a
short fruit crop means big prices. This
is invariably the fact. An immense
fruit yield may mean fairly good prices
or it may mean a red -ink memoran
dum on the shipping receipt— that is,
nothing realized from fruit, , and a
freight bill to pay. All in all, Placer's
orchardists have no reason to feel
discouraged.
NEWCASTLE, May 18.— The Call in
its issue of the 7th inst. gave a very
full report of the conditions then exist
ing at Newcastle, the great Sierra
Nevada foothill fruit center. Later
conditions seem to be even worse than
those first reported.
The output will not exceed and per
haps not be equal to one-half of last
year's, which was a light crop, or, in
other words, twenty-flve per cent of a
full crop is all that can be expected.
Cannery men are now in the field
sizing ud the situation, and they re
port, with but few exceptions, short
crops of peaches throughout the State.
Many here say the canning of peaches
will be less than ten per cent of a crop.
Plums will, turn out jupon the whole
about one-half of last year's crop.
Apricots are considered practically a
total failure.
The usual spring dropping has cut th<»
bulk of the Bartlett fcear yield down
somewhat, b'ut a good crop, not less
than fifty per cent in excess of last
year's yield, seems to be assured.
Prunes will be slightly in excess of last
season. Apples and quinces are up to
last year's total. Grapes look fine and
may exceed last year twenty per cent.
Oranges and olives are . probably
twenty-five per cent in excess of last
year's crop.
SHORT FRUIT CROP
OFFSET BY HIGHER
PRICES IN PLACER
RECORD-BREAKING OUTPUT
FORESTALLED BY OVERFLOWS
¥~* RUIT and cereal crops in the northern counties have suffered somczvhat on account of
J^ the hfaz'x floods, which inundated a tremendous acreage of the best producing territory.
Far the most part the recovery 'from the adverse conditions has been prompt. Balmy
zeeather during the past month has given new life to the seed, and unless something unfore
seen occurs before reaping time the output of grain will be far above the average. Fruit has
not fared so ivell. and reports from several of the important centers are far from encouraging.
It is expected, kozvever, that the yield will be swelled to a fair average .
FLOODS RETARD GROWTH OF CROPS.
WATSONVILLE. May IS.— The apri
cot crop will not be as large as last
year, but the fruit will be free from
the roughness of skin so objectionable
at that time.
Cherries promised well a few weeks
ago, but the rain knocked the pollen
from the blooms to such an extent that
the crop will be lighter than last year.
Strawberries are going out of the val
ley at the rate of 500 to 600 chests a
day, with the certainty that this
amount will be increased In the next
two weeks. The acreage Is about the
same as last year, with yield slightly
better.
Loganberry and blackberry vines are
BERRIES ABUNDANT
BUT CROP OF FRUIT
LOW IN SANTA CRUZ
VISALIA, May 18.— General crop con
ditions in Tulare County are much bet
ter than last year. The work of thin
ning the fruit will cause a considerable
expense. The late rains were worth
hundreds of thousands of dollars to
ranchers of this region. As compared
with last year the peach crop will be
double. The pear crop is a failure, but
it is never counted on for commercial
purposes. There will be a fair crop of
apricots. The prune crop will reach the
limit of fullness. In the timber belt
th.^re is a splendid grain crop, averag
ing 90 per cent. On the plains the grain
is light. Probably it will be impossible
to harvest the crops completely unless
a supply of workmen exceeds the avail
able number in previous years. Ranch
ers are in high spirits.
TULARE WILL H'AVE
A BOUNTEOUS YIELD
OF ALL PRODUCTS
MODESTO, May 18.— As the present
crop season advances the prospects for
good crops of grains and fruits grows
more and more flattering, and this will
go on record as one of the greatest
crop years in the history of the county.
The temperature has been uniformly
cool and the air moist. The average
crop for this county in the days when
Stanislaus was almost entirely devoted
to grain raising was placed at llO.lKH)
tons. This year several thousand acres
have been withdrawn from grain cul
ture and placed under irrigation, but
the grain yield will be in the neighbor
hood of 105,000 tons, making a crop,
acreage considered, of about 95 per cent
or more of an average crop. This ton
nage will be divided as follows: Wheat,
85,000 tons; barley, 15,000 tons; oats,
5000 tons. On the east side of the San
Joaquin RiveV the grain crop will be
heavier than an average, while on the
west side, awing to the difference In
precipitation, the crop will be some
thing like 10 per cent short.
Prospects for fruit are also good. The
grape crop will be 25 per cent more
than that of 1903, and a larger acreage
will be in bearing. The acreage in
vines last year was in the neighbor
hood of 2400 acres, and this has been
increased by 500 acres in the last year.
Apricots will give a yield of 10 per
cent above that of last year, and
peaches in the Oakdale district will
yield from 10 to 15 per cent in* advance
of last year's crop. Almonds will give
a good crop this year, despite the fact
that there were light frosts.
WESTLET, May 18. — Grain is this
vicinity will yield on an average about
half a crop. Wheat sowed in Novem
i ber sprouted with the rain and died on
GRAIN AND FRUIT IN
FINE CONDITION IN
STANISLAUS COUNTY
The season is at least two weeks late
and no shipping has been' done yet.
The almond crop is good and grapes
promise well. On the whole, fruit mcr
will have more than an average crop.
WOODLAND, May 18.— The wheat
and barley crop of Tolo County this
season is not likely to be more than
half of a full crop. This shortage is
due to the extraordinary amount of
rain that fell during the month of
April. The rainfall for the season was
above the average, but if it had been
well distributed there would have been
enormous crops, both of fruits and
cereals. A great deal of wheat and
barley were drowned out by flood
water and the area was greatly re
duced, especially in the districts subject
to overflow. There will also be a small
er crop of hay than usual, due solely to
a reduced acreage. Many varieties of
fruit will be short; because the rainfall
was the heaviest just at a time when
many of" the trees were putting out
their bloom. The almond crop will be
almost a failure. The apricot crop will
be shorter than usual. The peach, pear
and prune crop will be fair and the
yield of grapes promises to be good.
WINTERS. May 18.— Crop conditions
here are not up to standard, though the
yield will be a fair average. The wheat
crop is spotted, some fields showing up
unusually well and others being hardly
fair. Barley promises better than
wheat. The hay harvest is in full sow
ing and the yield will be large, quality
good and acreage a full average. ;
Fruit conditions are somewhat pecu
liar. Prunes will make an extra large
yield; peaches an average; pears small,
and apricots about a one-fourth crop.
YOLO COUNTY WILL ' \
SUFFER AS RESULT
OF UNUSUAL RAIN
UKIAH, May 18. — Mendocino County
has had from fifty to more than one
hundred Inches of rain the present sea
son, extending through the month of
April, with a higher temperature than
usual. Planting of annual crops and
cultivation of hops and orchards was
retarded by rain to a later period than
usual, but the delay Is amply com
pensated bv the 1 abundance of moist
ure and the favorable temperature.
Grass on the stock ranges is 100 per
cent or more better than last year.
Sheep and cattle are in fine canditlon.
Grain and hay crops In the valleys will
be much larger than last season. Hops
will no doubt yield better than last
year. They are growing very rapidly.
Reports from the fruit sections indi
cate at least a full crop. Little Lake
Valley, which produces large quantities
of potatoes, had over eighty inches of
rain and planting was rather later
than usual on that account, but th*
tubers will make a rapid growth from
now on. The hay crop, which Is an
important one in this county, will be
twice as large as yielded last year.
On the whole, the general outlook for
this season's crops is far better than
at this date last year. New people are
coming into this county looking for
homes, considerable building Is going
on, everybody Is busy and prospects
are promising.
PROSPERITY SMILES
ON THE PEOPLE OF
MENDOCINO COUNTY
Fruit prospects were never better.
The last thirty days have been singu
larly free from frosts. The vineyards
look exceedingly well. The vines are
very healthy and thus far free from
any serious insect pest. Garden truck
is plentiful. The onion raisers and big
spud farmers are looking forward to a
big crop and, big prices. The flooding
jDf the islands will diminish the quan
tity, but not to the extent that many
anticipated after the flood.
The only menace now are the winds.
There has been plenty of moisture and
all that has held the crops back was
the cold spring. Under a week of
growing weather a more Intelligent
prospect might be determined.
STOCKTON. Mav 18.— Major J. D.
Peters, one of the best Informed grain
dealers of this section declares in ref
erence to the grain crop that "We
have arrived at that stage of the crop
when we must do a- great deal of
guessing and thinking." The West
Side country shows some splendid sum
mer fallow in places and this has
been greatly helped by the late rains;
but as a general thing the crop pros
pects on the other side of the San
Joaquin River are not as bright as
they might be.
In San Joaquin County proper the
outlook is hardly as good as it was
thirty days ago, and this is hardly ex
plainable, since there has been abun
dant moisture. It must be a result of
the chilling the gl&ind got during the
long cold siege. However, the island
crops are well .forward and if the
present growing weather continues the
grain prospects for this county may
jump from a fair average to a big
old-fashioned yield.
SAN JOAQUIN GRAIN
SERIOUSLY AFFECTED
BY CHILLY WEATHER
SACRAMENTO, May 18. — The grain
crop in this section promised up to
the past few days to exceed the great
yield of last year, but the north winds,
now prevalent, have damaged the
growing grain somewhat and altered
the situation. However, it is believed
the crops will be very satisfactory.
The floods along the river lands have
greatly injured the vegetable crop.
Shipments from this city have always
been very large, but commission mer
chants assert that where last year fif
teen to twenty-flve carloads of vege
tables were sent out of Sacramento
each day, there will now be only from
twelve to thirteen cars. In the
vicinity of ' Sacramento in the river
section the hop crop will be reduced
because of the floods, though in the
highlands it will be fully up to the
standard of last year. As to deciduous
fruits, while at the opening of the
year Indications pointed to a decided
increase over last year's unprecedented
record, the opposite is now the case,
and it is declared by George Katzen
stein, manager of the Earl Fruit Com
pany, that it is doubtful if this year's
green fruit shipments do not fall short
of last year's shipments by 500 or
more carloads. The Sacramento River
section, the largest fruit producing
region of its area in the State, will
show a marked falling off in pitted
tree fruits, such as cherries, apricots,
peaches, plums and prunes.
GALT. May 18. — A comprehensive
summary of crop conditions in the Gait
district is not as roseate at this date as
was promised early In the spring
months. Our grain crops, wheat, bar
ley and oats, will be fully up to last
season's yield. The poor condition of
peaches, apricots and almonds in the
district is very noticeable and the cher
ry crop is light. Grapes never looked
better and are advancing rapidly, with
indications of a large crop. Haying is
progressing rapidly, but the yield is far
below what the farmers looked for.
Citrus fruits are in bloom and orange
trees are unusually heavy laden with
healthy blossoms. The early potato
crop will be generally light, owing, in
a great extent, to the inundation of
our river districts during February and
March. The strawberry crop is enor
mous and heavy shipments are being
made daily from the Florin district.
Other berries look very encouraging
and the industry promises to be a pro
fitable one this season. In Sacramento*
County green feed is abundant and of
good quality.
Practically the Pajara Valley is out
of the market on hay and grain. Last
year only a few carloads were sent out,
and there will be fewer this year.
Sugar beets were light last year.
This year the acreage will be far mor?
than doubled, but still will be much
below that of former campaigns.
From present indications the apple
crop of the Pajaro Valley this season
will be much lighter than, that of las:
year.
Not more than an average crop of
peaches, pears and plums can be ex
pected from present prospects.
literally loaded with greea fruit, and
as a whole the berry crop, including
raspberries, promises an Improvement
over last year.
account of the long dry spell in Decem
ber and January. Grain that was
sowed in December will yield a crop
of about twelve sacks per acre. Grain
sowed late in November will probably
make hay. Barley is looking: excellent
and will yield heavy. Some barley is
now standing four and a half feet
high and heads well filled. Fruit and
vegetables are not raised here for mar
ket. Thousands of sheep are feeding
on the hill pastures, which supply
plenty of feed.
Fair Spring Promotes Growth of Cereals and Pros*
pect for "Rich Harvest Is Fine.
FROSTS CAUSE BUT LIGHT
DAMAGE IN CENTRAL BELT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
BRIGHT OUTLOOK FOR VARIOUS CROPS IN CALIFORNIA
6ALL OF THE CROPS
ARE LOOKING GOOD
IN SANTA CLARA
NAPA, May 18. — Although there were
no ravages in the fruit orchards this
year by spring frosts, the late spring
rains are accountable ror the falling
off of the cherry, apricot and peach
crops. The season's cherry crop falls
far behind that of last year, when
cherries were particularly good. Be
sides being about two weeks late, the
crop will bejlight. This Is also true of
apricots and peaches, indications point
ing to a short crop a trifle late. The
prospects are good for a large crop of
pears. The yield of prunes will be
about the same as last year. Although
the total number of tons produced here
MEMORABLE YEAR
IN NAPA COUNTY'S .
GJIAPE INDUSTRY
BRIGHT OUTLOOK
FOR GOOD YIELDS
IN SANTA BARBARA
SANTA MARIA, May 18.— With
unple rain there is an excellent out
look for a bo' d season in Santa Maria
Valley. The apricot crop will be near-
SAN DIEGO, May 18.— Despite the
fact that this county has had less
moisture than in any of the recent dry
years, the present prospects are that
there will be no total failure of any
crop, though both hay and grain in
some sections will come very near it.
Grain shows remarkably well on the
high lands, but in the valleys it is
showing the effects of the lack of mois
ture. This is also true of hay. Though
but little more than half the acreage
was put into hay, there are a great
many fields into which the stock has
already been turned, since they would
not yield enough hay to pay for the
cutting. That which is left to cut is
very light Where it has been possible
to Irrigate there has been just the
opposite result and seven cuttings of
alfalfa at two and a half tons per acre
have been reported.
Deciduous fruit trees are overcrowd
ed with blossoms in Irrigated orchards
and the others went beyond the possi
bility of bearing several years ago.
There la still considerable picking of
IRRIGATED LANDS
IN SAN DIEGO ARE
PRODUCING WELL
The potato crop, which heretofore
was of little importance, promises to
be very large, as land which had not
been used at all last season has been
set out to potatoes, which are growing
rapidly.
CjDLTON. May 18.— Crops in general
in this vicinity will not be ready for
harvest as early as last season and
while it was generally expected that
the hay and grain crop would be very
much larger than at any time in the
last five years, the lack of late rains
will make the crop about the same in
quantity as last season's. The apricot
crop is smaller than usual, but peaches
and other ' deciduous fruits are very
much larger.
The orange and lemon crop. which is
first in Importance in this vicinity, ia
much larger and of far better quality
than last year. A great portion of th«
crop Is still on the trees, owing to poo*
markets in the East. The summer crop
of lemons will be very much la«er
than last season and the setting of new
fruit, which Is just out of the blossom,
promises to be the largest in the history
of this section.
SAN BERNARDINO
ORANGE AND LEMON
YIELD IS LARGE
Other fruit not as good as usual, es
pecially apricots, which were attacked
by insects.
VACAVILLE. May 18.— The present
outlook for the fruit crop is not as
gratifying as that of last year, owing
to the large amount of rain, north
winds and the destroying propensities
of insects that have played havoc with
the trees and fruit.
Cherries are slow this year as com
pared with last year, and a great many
have been blown off the trees by the
north winds and frost bitten by the
variable weather. Many of them are
burned to a dark color and they are
of no use. The cherry crop is fair and
hopes are entertained that the present
warm weather will mat:e a better
showing. The first box or cherries left
here on April-30 and sold for $20 in
New York. ; ."-
RAIN AND NORTH
WINDS PLAY HAVOC
WITH SOLANO TREES
Wlille the lack of rain has affected
to a great degree all other lines of
farm products, the hay and grain sec
tion have Buffered most. Where the
grain fields of the Simi. the Canejo and
the OJai valleys have in former years
yielded from 200.000 to f.00.000 sacks, the
output for this season will not be more
than 50,000 to 60.000 sacks. Much of the
grain will be cut for hay owing to the
demand for the latter, but even the
hay crop will be short and the yield will
only satisfy home demands.
VENTURA. May 18.— Prospects for
crops in Ventura County for this sea
son are only fair. The rainfai. for the
reason to date has varied from 7 to 11
inches in the different sections, while
last year the total was more than 16
inches. In the past few ytars much
attention has b<^n paid to irrigation,
with the result that thousands of acres
will this year produce fair ••:opp. where
.there would other" "«e be a total fail
ure. This y<*ar there is more develop
ment than ever and besides a number
uf extensive irrigation enterprises
there are many private systems put in.
• The apricot crop is one of the largest
of the country at the present time and
gives promise of falling but little short
of U-Et year and the quality is excel
lent. Walnuts have set well and the
yield for the year will bo greater than
that of 1903. The honey crop, one of the
most important of the country. Is a
total failure on account of the deficien
cy in rainfall. The lima bean crop,
Ventura's largest and usually most
profitable production, will be only one
half the usual yield. This is due large
ly to the small rainfall. Where the
land is irrigated the crop will be as
large as ever. Planting is going on at
present.
The sugar beet farmers are disheart
ened. The big Oxnard factory will not
have more than a half season's run
2nd the production of beet sugar will
be correspondingly small.
VENTURA COUNTY'S
APRICOT CROP IS UP
TO THE AVERAGE
Taken all together the crop of 19C4
will exceed that of 1903 in all lines ex
cept apples.
HOLLISTER. May IS.— San Benito
County's prospects for an abundant
yield of the various kinds of crops are
very bright. Competent judges, who
have made a careful examination, state
that the yield of hay will exceed that
of last year, which was about 30.000
tons.
Grain in nearly every section shows a
much better growth than at the same
period last year and promises, unless
unforseen weather conditions arise, to
far excell the yield of 1303. In the San
Juan and Hollister valleys record crops
will be grown on several farms, while
from the southern sections of the
county a good harvest will be gathered.
Fruit of all kinds, except apples, ia
doing well. Apples will be a short crop,
but as the yield of last year was very
large, a small crop was expected this
fall. Pears are doing well. Prunes are
about an average, some orchards hav
ing an abundance, while others are re
ported as having a light crop.
Apricots, except Moorparks, have set
well, and the yield will be greater than
that of last year, while peaches prom
ise the largest crop ever grown here.
Small fruits and nuts will be above an
average.
SAN BENITO GIVES
A GOOD ACCOUNT OF
GRAIN AND FRUIT
Hops are making splendid growth,
but it is too early for them to blossom
and a prediction cannot be made as to
yield.
Grapes never looked better, and from
all indications at the present time will
produce an abundant harvest. The
vines appear thrifty and their condition
is such as to warrant splendid results
at harvest time. Hay and grain prom
ise well, but ' will be later than usual
this year, because of the excessive rain
fall this season. The excess amounted
to more than fifteen inches as compared
with the record of last year.
SONOMA, May 18.— The outlook in
Sonoma Valley for a good fruit crop
this year Is very favorable. The pears
will excel last year's crop in both
quantity and quality. Apricots will be
scarce, but as they are not grown here
in any great quantities the market will
not be affected. Prunes will be plenti
ful, but there will be a scarcity of
apples, owing to last year's overabun
dant crop. Peaches will be scarce.
SANTA ROSA, May IS.— From re
liable sources information is to the
effect that fruit crops In Sonoma Coun
ty will be light all along the line. As
a matter of fact, the crop will be "spot
ted" — light in some districts and a fair
yield in others, while in still other
sections good crops will be harvested.
Around Santa Rosa the prune crop
will run from one-third to one-half an
average crop, while in Healdsburg some
of the best orchards will hardly yield
a tenth of a crop. Peaches are light
in all sections, but the quality will be
good. Pears are the only crop which
promises above the average, indications
at the present time showing an im
mense crop of that fruit. Plums will
be a fair crop throughout the county,
and berries promise quite well, though
it Is rather early for a prediction on
that crop. Growers of berries incline to
the belief that the crop -will be smaller
than last year, but that the berries will
be of large size in consequence.
Cherries are "spotted" over the entire
county. It is estimated that the crop
will go slightly over half the usual yield
in cherries. In Geyservllle, where the
largest cherry orchards are to be found
In this county, the crop promises fairly
well.
SONOMA COUNTY'S
ORCHARDISTS LOOK
FOR HIGHER YIELD
The walnut crop promises to be up to
the average, while the apricots will
be the heaviest crop in many years.
Other tree fruits promise well, while
small fruits will be an important part
cf th*> farmers' dependence in many
places, as there is plenty of water for
irrigation purposes, and this branch of
industry will be made t:? most of to
make up for partial failure in grain
and hay crops.
In anything but Kubmoist lands the
sugar beet crop — i 11 not be worth har
vesting, but some 3000 acres will be
grown on corn and celery land In the
district near Smeltzer, the product of
which will serve to make a short run
for the Los Alamltos s — ar factory.
Pasturage is go"-->£» short in the foot
hills ind cattle fit for market are bo
ing disposed of a? fast as poss"'*' Th«
honey crop will be practically nil, al
though some beeim have moved their
bees to the vicinity of orangre orchards
and will secure a little honey for the
local maftcet.
SANTA ANA, May 18.— With less
than seven Inches of rain for the sea
son, the outlook for grain enough for
seed is more than doubtful, but there
will be considerable hay harvested in
nearly every portion of the county.
Much of this tvill be so short that it
will have to be gathered by some sort
of appliance as it falls from the mower,
but the quality will be excellent and
will repay the extra labor demanded.
More celery was planted this year than
last, but murh of it was unfit for mar
ket and was therefore left in the fields.
Nearly 1600 cars were sent forward,
however, and the prices received were
the bert ever recorded.
ORANGE COUNTY'S
CROP OF APRICOTS
A RECORD BREAKER
SAN LUIS OBISPO, May 18.—Al
though the rains were late, making the
season fully three weeks behind, the
prospects are most excellent through
out this county for a bountiful yield of
both grain and fruit. The acreage In
grain is not unusually large. Grain is
mostly headed and stands very rank.
Haying is commencing' In some parts of
the county. The acreage in beans and
The outlook for a grain crop is good,
though the warm weather and north
wind of last week had a deteriorating
effect. The estimate is for a crop in
excess of last year. Wheat is the prin
cipal grain crop of this section. Cooler
weather at present is beneficial to
growing grain. Hay cutting has com
menced and a full crop will be har
vested. Grass is plentiful on the stock
ranges and cattle and sheep are doing
well and will soon be ready for ship
ment to market. Dairy interests have
suffered some from the lateness of the
season. Many dairy cows have been
turned out on the ranges, the dairymen
not deeming it wise to continue milking
when prices are so low. '
PASO ROBLES, May 18.— The fruit
crop in this section will be larger than
for several years, if no further con
ditions develop to injure young fruit,
which is not likely this late In the sea
son. Grapes and prunes will be un
usually heavy. The pear blight has
been reported from some orchards, but
this variety of fruit is not a staple
crop here.
» _
FRUIT CROP WILL
YIELD HEAVY IN SAN
LUIS OBISPO COUNTY
Small acreage planted to fruit, but
will have full and big crops on this
small acreage.
The range feed for sheep is light.
Sheep are moving north. Cattle feed is
plentiful.
This season is considered a good one,
exceeding that of last year 15 per cent.
The best Indication of pood crops in
this country is the fact that the snow
fall in the mountains is heavier this
year than for many previous years,
and this will afford water for irrigation
purposes during the summer.
FIREBAUGH, May 18.— Considering
the amount of rainfall crops in this sec
tion are in first-class condlton. Alfalfa
will have full crops on new and old
fields. Grain, wheat and barley is in
fine shape and will give full crops. A
small portion of grain was burned by
the hot winds, but were, revived by the
late rains.
FRESNO, May 18.— The prospects are
bright for a heavy mitput of deciduous
fruits in this section or the valley.
Peaches and apricots are thin in spots
in the sections north of here, due to
the lack of enough rain for that soil.
In other places these fruits will be
above the crops of last year. Pears
are plentiful, but blight is beginning to
appear in spots. Almonds will be above
the average crop.
Raisin grapes are abundant and in
dications are that there will be a much
larger crop than last year, unless the
heat causes a dropping off of the ber
ries. Wheat and barley appear to be in
good condition, and the cix-ps will be on
a par with last year. The first crop
of alfalfa was light because of the lack
of early rains.
GENERAL OUTLOOK -
IS GOOD FOR CROPS
IN FRESNO COUNTY
The fruit growing district between
Elmhurst and Haywards has been bad
ly blighted. The owner of an apricot
orchard near Haywards, who garnered
800 tons of the fruit from his orchard
last year, asserts that he will not pick
ten tons fro-m the same trees this sea
son. There will be but rew cherries in
this district. The failure of the cherry
and apricot crops in the northern sec
tion of the county Is attributed to
continuous late rains and cold weather.
Near Niles .and, in Murray Township
fruits and grains are in a better condi
tion. Vineyards are locking well, but
it is somewhat early to Judsre of what
the yield will be. Hay is now being
cut in the Livermore Valley and the
crop is very heavy. There will be a
good yield of grain in that section and
an average fruit crop,.
HAYWARDS, May IS. — The crops in
this valley are good. The late grain
especially gives promise c-f a fine yield.
The hay crop never looked better, the
volunteer being particularly heavy.
The stand of chevalier In this valley,
especially around Mount Eden, looks
exceptionally fine.
OAKLAND, May 18.— It is the gen
eral conclusion of those who have in
spected crop conditions in this county
that the fruit yield will t>e but one
eighth of the average annual produc
tion and that as a result there will be
a loss to the labor market of $20,000,
which would ordinarily have been ex
pended in gathering the orchard crops.
There is plenty of water for irrigation
purposes and therefore the dry season
will not seriously affect such fruit
crops as are raised by irrigation, Irtit
those crops probably will not be ;ip to
the mark of last year's record. A larpc
citrus crop has been harvested thi3
year and inasmuch as most of the .arge
landowners are interested in crops of
that kind, this section will not be se
riously hampered from a financial
standpoint because of the certain fail
ure of the grain crop and the shortage
which is expected with reference "to
apricots and other such fruits.
LANCASTER. May 18. — Conditions
of grain in Antelope Valley as com
pared with last year are not as good.
There will be about one-third differ
ence in the crop on account of the
small amount of rain in the eastern
part of the valley. The outlook for
the fruit crop is very good. There
vUl be a heavy yield of all kinds of
fruit and nut*, such as apples, pears.
Peaches and almonds.
LOS ANGELES. May 18.— Present in
dications are that the deciduous fruit
crop in the vicinity of Los Angeles will
be below the average and that the grain
crop will be practically a failure. AI
thought the seasonal rainfall was not
greatly below the total for last year, the
uiins came so late that the winter was
one of the dryest in the history of this
section. In many of the gTain districts
sowing was done very late and in dry
ground and when the winter rains
finally came they were so late that in
most places they caused the grain to
sprout too late to hope that it vould
mature and owners of large acreage
will be satisfied if they secure .in aver
egre hay crop from fields which last
year raised tons upon tons of grain.
That there will be a shortage of the
hay crop is certain, but it : s believed
that it will net be so severe as that
of three years ago, when the prices cf
feed were almost prohibitive.
may not be quite as high as usual, this
fruit bids fair to be of exceptional size
and quality.
The grape crop for 1904 will more
than make up the deficiency in other
fruit3. This product is Napa County'3
most famous one, and this year will be
a memorable one in the grape and win*
industry In the valley. A very large
yield of grapes is promised and vine
yardista are Jubilant.
On the whole it may be said that
the fruit season will be a good one in
Napa Valley.
CALISTOGA, May IS.— The present
outlook for a good crop of grapes and
fruits of all kinds was never better,
with the exception of prunes, which
last season yielded a heavy crop. In
some orchards there appear to be no
prunes, to speak of, while in others an
average yield is anticipated. The grape
vines are in excellent condition and
will produce a good crop if nothing un
foreseen happens. The hay and grain
outlook ia very promising and a good
crop will be harvested from each, the
late rains having done an immense
amount of good to both. The season's
work in both orchard and vineyard waj
somewhat delayed by the wet condition
of the soil, but everything is now in
first-class shape. Taken all in all.
Napa Valley, and particularly Calis
toga and vicinity, presents a prosperous
appearance, and the farmers have
every indication of harvesting crops
which will compare most favorably
with those of former years.
Pasturage suffered from lack of mois
ture even more than hay and grain
and stock is showing the effects al
ready. Many cattle have been driven
to the Imperial country, where there is
plenty of feed. There the crops of all
kinds will be '"simply immense."
lemons, but the market is not at pres
ent very encouraging to the shipper and
many of those picked are being stored
here for better prices.
Deciduous fruits are setting well and
pive promise of good yields of all save
apricots. Small fruits are coming in
very fast. Strawberries are yielding
well and other berries have set for a
fine crop. The vineyards of the Cajon
Valley are in good condition, most of
them receiving all the water that is
necessary for their growth. The yield
there will be up to the average, if not
above.
ly up to that of last year. Between
70.000 and 75,000 acres of grain have
been planted this year, an increase of
10 per cent over last season, but the
grain is not as grood as last year —
probably a two-thirds yield. Bean
planting commenced this week and the
acreage is about 33 1-3 per cent less
than last year, which is due to the
great amount of beets that is being put
in. an increase of 20 per cent over last
year The beets, of which over 10,000
acres are under irrigation, will yield
about the same number of tons to the
acre as last year's crop. Sugar mak
ins: will commence about the middle of
July and last through the ye..r.
I.OMPOC. May 18.— The prospects for
crops and fruit in this district are: For
beans, favorable, many acres goins in
to contract bears for seed men; for
mustard, poor, the shortage of the
rainfall threatening a lack of matu
rity in the seed; for l>eets and potatoes,
excellent on irrigated land, of which
there is much In this district. Parley,
oats, hay and all kinds of grain pro
ducts promise «n average yield. The
grazing lands are in first-class condi
tion and promise to remain so for the
coming year. The fruit prospects are
fair. Peaches and cherries look favor
able and apr'cots give proVnise of an
abundant crop. The walnuts give pood
indications nf there being an exception
ally large crop.
Moorpark apricots will be a light
crop, but the other varieties will be a
good average yield. The peach crop is
light generally, especially the clings.
A good crop of Bartlett pears is prom-"
ised, but the later pears will not be
quite so good. There will be a lighter
yield of cherries than last year. The
white will be about two-thirds of the
crop of last year and the blacks about
half as many. A couple of small cher
ry shipments have been made, but they
will not commence to go East in great
quantity before the 23th of May. Last
year 115 cars were shipped East from
this valley, but this year it is estimated
that not over 100 cars of cherries will
go. The sugar prune trees are heav
ily loaded with fruit this year, and
unless the fruit is thinned the trees
will break. This prune is jiot grown in
sufficient quantity to be recognized
commercially.
The hay and grain fields are looking
fine and will produce large crops. Vine
yards are all looking well. There has
been an increase in the area devoted to
raising garden seeds this year and the
late spring rains have been especially
helpful to these crops. On the cattle
ranges in the foothills there is plenty
of feed, due to the heavy rains.
GILROY, May 18.— The prospects for
crops In the southern Santa Clara Val
ley were never brighter than the pres
ent season. The late rains aided the
grain and the yield will be above the
average. Haying is in progress and
some big yields are reported. Fruit
prospectb are very favorable. In some
orchards Moorpark apricots are a short
crop, but prunes and peaches are much
heavier and of better size than last
year. However, the prunes cannot be
depended upon until after the "June
drop." Pears, apples and grapes prom
ise well.
The rains amounted to about 20
inches, and insured a heavy beet crop.
Much land is planted h^re to s*eds, and
this year the opportune rains will make
an abundant harvest. Stockmen say
that the pasturage this year will last
fully a month or two longer than last
season. Every one is looking forward
to a bountiful harvest.
year. The prune crop is "spotted"—
in some localities good and in others
very poor. The best Estimate of those
well informed upon the subject is that
there will not be much difference from
last year, when there was about two
thirds of an average prune crop. It is
yet too early to be accurate, as ahead
is the uncertainty of the "June drop,"
and then in the unirrigated orchards
there is the serious question as to
whether the fruit will mature well dur
ing: a hot summer.
Santa Clara and Sonoma Valleys Report Favorable
Conditions for the Present Season.
Product of Irrigated Orchards and Fields in South
ern California Is Up to the Average.
CROP OUTLOOK IN COUNTIES
AROUND SAN FRANCISCO BAY
ORANGE AND LEMON CROPS
OFFSET SHOR TAGE OF GRAIN
/N the bay counties the outlook is encouraging, light yields of one crop being offset by heavy
production of others in the various districts. Both orchard and field in Santa Clara Valley
give promise of rich returns, and in the Sonoma Valley deciduous fruits and grapes are zvell
up to the average. Napa County also reports a big grape crop. In Alameda the fruit yield
will be light, the grape crop good and the hay Jiarvest unusually heavy. Solaiw reports a fair
yield of cherries, but other crops in that county will hardly be up to the average.
COUNTIES of the southland are rejoicing this year over a large yield of citrus fruits. Los
Angeles and San Bernardino orange and lemon groves liave yielded handsomely, but in
the former county the grain crop is light. This is true of San Diego also, the grain
showing poorly, while the fruit gives fair promise. Orange County has a record apricot crop,
and the output of "cots" from Ventura will be up to the average. In Santa Maria Valley tliere
is a large increase in the grain acreage, and the beet yield will be fair.
SITUATION IN SOUTHERN COUNTIES.
SEASON'S OUTPUT AVERAGES WELL.
SOUTHLAND REPORTS HEAVY YIELD OF CITRUS FRUITS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. MAY 10, 1904.
Continued on Page 9, Column ft.
sugar beets is large and the ground is
in excellent condition.
Strawberries are very fine and are
being shipped in considerable quantities
at good prices. All other fruits. bid fair
to be so plentiful that prices .may
break. -Blight affected the pear crop
in this section last season, but the crop
¦will not.be affected this year. -
SAN JOSE. May 18.— Santa Clara
County will have a good all around
crop this year. Its principal product is
fruit, and, all -Kinds considered, the
crop will be about the same as last
7THE political ferment of the time does not distract
all the attention of our people from the compliment
paid to California by selecting it as the place for
holding two important religious conferences. The great
Methodist church is with 11$ in. its general, or inter
national, conference at Los Angeles, and it is welcomed
with unfeigned. pleasure. At the same time the Pacific
Coast Conference of the Unitarian Church is in session
in this city. The religious ideas of the two bodies are
wide apart, but it is with pleasure that a philosopher sees
practical unity in their religious purpose.
California owes much to the Unitarians, and memory
of that debt will survive as long as the name pf Thomas
THE CONFERENCES.
Vassili Verestchagin, the best known
of Russian artists, won his fame
throughout Europe and this country
less on account of. the technique of his
pictures than of the subjects he paint
ed. Russian by birth, by education, by
habit of thought and by keenness of
sympathy with the sufferings of hu
manity, he is Russian also in the ter
rible fidelity with which he expresses
the tragedy of things. There is a great
ness and a simplicity in his paintings
which appeal to every one. We may
shudder at them, but they speak, they
arrest us; if wo try to turn from them
they strike us full In the face and com
pel our attention. Verestchagin. painted
war because he had been himself a
warrior. He was a soldier artist— a man
jvhu became a soldier for the sake uf
Vassili Verestchagin.
Our Supreme Court has again accomplished the im
possible in logic. It has reached a conclusion without
major or minor premise to drive it to reason's inevitable
haven. It has decided that an ex-County Clerk has no
right to the office he held, but the learned Justices do
not tell us anything of the living issue involved in the
controversy over tenure. The County Clerk may be
elected for two years or for four years. Some day some
thing may inspire the appellate court to determine this
question.
BRUNH1LDE— A. S.. City. What is
meant by "one of the Brunhilde type"
is one of the character of Brunhilde.
a sketch of which appeared in this de
partment a few days since. None of the
histories of that woman describe her
complexion, color of hair, etc. There is
a character known as Brunhild in the
Niebelung lied. This Is the Queen of
Issland, who made a vow that none
should win her who could not surpass
her In three trials of skill and strength
— first, hurling a spear; second, throw
ing a stone, and, third, jumping. Gun
ther. King of Burgundy, undertook the
three contests, and- by the aid of Seis
fried succeeded in winning the martial
Queen. First, hurling a spear that three
men could not lift: the Queen hurled
it toward Gunther, but Seigfrled. in
his invisible cloak, reversed the direc
tion, causing it to strike the Queen.
Next throwing a stone so large that
twelve brawny men were employed to
carry it; Brunhild lifted It on high,
flung it twelve fathoms and jumped be
yond it. Seigfried helped his friend to
throw it farther and leap beyond It.
\fter marriage Brunhild became so ob
streperous that the King again applied
to Seigfried. who succeeded in depriv
ing the Queen, of her rins and girdle,
and she became a very submissive wife.
SEATTLE is astonished,* very disagreeably, judging
by the tone of articles recently appearing in Seattle
daily papers. During something like five years the
people of Seattle have believed that they actually saw, so
says the Seattle Times, the beginning of a canal to be
used by ships in passing from Elliott Bay to Lake'Wash
ington. Now the City Engineer of Seattle has reported
that a private company that has been supposedly engaged
in this beneficial project has really done nothing except
to sluice away several city blocks of Beacon Hill, facing
the bay, for the purpose of filling tide Jands for profit.
s While this has been going on, according to the same
authority, seven of the Seattle city streets have been
washed out to a depth of from 50 to 100 feet. Property
holders are confronted at one point with a fifty-foot
hole extending two and one-half blocks north and south
and four and one-half blocks east and. west. Those who
purchased their lands on the city's accepted plats are
shut off from the city proper as if a stone wall with only
one opening had been constructed about them. When
the work of filling in tide lands shall have been completed
the city will be confronted with a great hole. "Damage
suits," saye the Times, "arc being piled up so high that
the corporation counsel is unable to see over them."
This disappointment has no relation to the canal for
ships that the Government is to construct, although it
has delayed the Government and has caused the Seattle
Chamber of Commerce to expend some money and suf
fer much anxiety. The Government canal is, a different
proposition, but the ingenious private excavators who
have caused so much havoc in city streets have contrib
uted to retarding the Government.
The curious phase of the matter is, according to the
Times, that there has been a hidden hand in the City
Council that has prevented injunction proceedings and
is still potent. At some future day it will be necessary
for the city to provide bridges to cross the chasms that
have already been excavated and court judgments are
liable to represent other large outlays of coin.
SEATTLE ASTONISHED.
Betting on horse races has, as a rule,
a demoralizing effect and has ruined
many men and women. In one in
stance, however. It has brought to
gether "two souls with but a single
thought; two hearts that beat as one"
and the announcement of the happy
event is being eagerly anticipated.
A young couple is employed In one of
the newspaper offices in the city and
Cupid's arrow has pierced the heart of
each. Neither is blessed with much of
this world's wealth and at the begin
ning of the racing season they decided
to make a bet of "two bits" each on a
combination. If they won they would
each retain the "two bits" aftd go on
betting with the winnings till the end
of the season. Then if the result was
at all favorable they would look upon
it as a happy omen of their future.
Both were keenly anxious on the
closing day of tha racing season. All
their hopes centered on the horse J. V.
Kirby. an outsider in the last race. If
that horse won they would be each $150
to the good on the season's betting
and if it lost they would be left just
as they had started.
The horse won and now they are
buying furniture.
The Great God Chance.
ART MUSEUM— F. B. 21.. Lompoe.
Cal. Properly there are public mu
seums in San Francisco as follows:
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. at
Mason and California streets; the mu
seum in Golden Gate Park and that of
the Academy of Sciences, on Market
street. This department has not the
space to give a detailed history of each
of these. In the first two named there
are many specimens of refined art: in
the latter there are many curios that
are classed as works of art. In the
museum of the California Mining Bu
reau, in the ferry building, there are
in addition to the mining exhibits many
specimens of art work by different na
tions, and In that of the Pioneers are
many early day curios.
r Anszuers to Queries.
At the great Methodist conference, which has been
in distinguished session at Los Angeles, five Bishops
were retired on the score, of age. They have finished
their splendid work for their church and for humanity.
They pass from the storm and stress of active life to the
calm and peace of respected retirement. Surely no man
can ask a better reward for a life well spent than the
sincere acknowledgment that his great and good work
has been accomplished.
As a boy he spent his spare hours
out of school, and even his vacation
times, in hunting snakes in the neigh
borhood of New York, not to destroy
them, but to see them in their native
haunts and to collect them. Then
when his family had moved from the
city to the country, and it had been
discovered that a purpose from which
It had been endeavored to dissuade
him was one seriously formed, a room
was fitted up for him in the new
house, with suitable glass cases in
which snakes could be comfortably
and Bafelv installed. These cases he
had filled with snakes in two weeks.
Interested always in natural history
in general, Mr. Ditmars was employed
between 16 and 22 as an assistant in'
the Insect department of the American
Museum of Natural History, being
there engaged in mounting butterflies
and beetles: but his pet specialty was
snakes, and he still continued constant
ly his studies of this form of reptile
life and his Journeyings into the coun
try in search of snakes. He came to
know all those in the city who have
to do with snakes; snake dealers, snake
charmers and fruit importers who, im
porting fruit from tropical countries,
sometimes re :eive snakes. From one
and another of these sources he was
occasionally able to acquire a desirable
snake to add to those he had himself
collected, until finally he came to have
a private collection cf 300 living snakes,
occupying, with the enlarged facilities
required for the. safe ana comfortable
keeping of so many, the whole top floor
of his house. And his home had now
come to be a rendezvous of artists
seeking living snakes to draw from, of
snake enthusiasts, and of all those hav
ing a technical knowledge of and mak
ing a study of snakes. The number
of these last was comparatively .few,
this branch of herpetology having as
yet but e. limited following.
The New York Sun tells of a man
who has a peculiar penchant for every
kind of snake that crawls. At an age
when most boys are interested in tops
and marbles only, Raymond L. Dit
mars, now curator of reptiles in the
New York Zoological Park, was inter
ested in snakes, not from mere idle
curiosity, but with a renuine interest
In serpents which prompted him to
wok them out and observe and study
them.
A Snake Lover.
Egypt is threatened with a plague of
locusts, and the Government has called
out the array of forced laborers to
combat the pest.- Owing to the young
locusts' habit of never turning back
or aside when once started in a cer
tain direction. It Is possible, by dig
ging trenches, sometimes miles In
length, to entrap the Invading hosts
and destroy them. That's of course,
must be done before the locusts take
to the wing. At that stage nothing
can stop their ravages and they sw«ep
everything before them.
Another Plague.
Hall started with his load and be
fore he had proceeded a block the
perspiration was rolling down his face.
He wobbled about as if laboring hard
under a heavy strain; he pushed away,
however, until he arrived at Sacra
mento street, when, in deep disgust, he
dropped the barrow and threw up his
hands in token of dcfea(. at the same
time volunteering to pay the forfeit.
Hall's discomfiture was due to one of
Badlam's practical jokes, for he had
secretly concealed 100 pounds of lead
underneath the bottom of the barrow,
knowing that this additional weight
would tire out the brawny Hall before
he had trundled Brannan half way.
It may be added that Hall got all of
$500 and more back from the sporting
crowd that in those days made Mont
gomery street their rendezvous. Their
sympathies manifested themselves in
the form of a plenteous shower of gold
pieces. .
were crowded. At the appointed hour
Alexander Badlam, who was a rela
tive of Sam Brannan, appeared on the
scene with the wheelbarrow and. set
ting it down on the planked street,
waited for the men who were to fig
ure in the event. They came. Hall In
shirt sleeves, hatless, with a girdle
about his waist and his sleeves rolled
up to his armpits. Brannan, wearing
>his usual street costume, seated him
self in the barrow.
Spain, the famed Escorial. called by
the Spaniards the eighth wonder of the j
world, has taken on something cf its
former grandeur. Situated nearly j
lour thousand feet above sea level, on :
the bleak, wind-swept slope of the j
Sierra Guadarama. this vast build- i
ing. palace, church, monastery and j
mausoleum combined, is certainly one j
cf the most impressive in Europe. At j
raoh corner of the parallelogram, which j
it forms, stands a tower 200 feet high !
and above the church la tne center of |
the pile rises a magnificent cupola, its j
summit ZY1 feet above the lloor. The ,
building contains 1111 windows, forty- j
one altars, eighty-nine fountains and j
C000 feet of frescoed paintings. The ;
<or.struction of it took twenty-one !
year*. :
Erected over three hundred years !
:?£<• when Spain, a.t the zenith of her
power. dominated the civilization of
lh<? world, it constitutes an enduring
monument to the nation's fallen gran
dour and the memory of its builder—
that "moroje monk and misanthropic
tyrant" as Thfophile Gautier calls him
. — lung Philip II, whom no historian has
yet undertaken to whitewash. It was
for the dual purpose of commemorat
ing his victory over the French at St.
Quentin. on St. Lawrence's day, i
August 10. 1557, and providing a burial
place for himsrif and his descendants,
that Philip started an army of laborers
at work on the rugged slope of the i
Sierra Guadarama. The first stone
was laid in 1563, the architect being
Todelo. After his death four years
later his pupil. Herrera. carried on the
work to completion. There is still
shown to tourists the lofty seat, hewn
cut of the granite b<jwlder, where the
grim monarch used to sit and watch
the Escorial grow. Legend states
that the form of the structure, chosen
by his direction, was intended to
typify the gridiron on which his patron
saint, St. Lawrence, was martyred.
Excavated deep in the earth, under
the church, is the Pantheon, where re
pose the bones of Spain's royal dead.
' That portion of it reserved for the
Kings and Queens is an octagonal
chamber with twenty-six splendid
urns, all of a size, arranged around the
.walls, blazoned with the names of those
whose dust they contain. Rare bronzes
and marble statuary gleam ghostlike
m in the dim light. Despite its gliding I
* and grandeur, the dominant impres
sion the place creates is one of angQst
simplicity, which instinctively causes
the visitor to sink his voice to a whis
per. And here Spain, th'at drove Isa
bella into exile and would not permit
her to return while living,' gives her
sepulchre among her ancestors, near
to the urn that contains the remains
of Charles V. like his son. Philip II,
half monarch and half monk. ;*In|
other chambers are buried the children
* and members of the royal house.
The palace is now tenantless and de
serted, save for the attendants who
.KU«rd its treasures and show visitors
through its apartments. Most of the
latter have been remodeled and re
decorated from time to time by dc
" Boendants of the monarch monk.
Lacking his austere simplicity of taste,
most of the changes they wrought
have served only to mar the symmetry
and harmony of the original design.
The gaudy tapestries designed by
Goya, which might enhance (he gas
tronomic attractions of a fashionable
restaurant, appear little short of dese
cration in these Graeco-Roman halls.
Because it remains unchanged and in
Its grim barrenness seems to reflect
something of the stern character of
the man to whom the huge pile owes
Its existence, the most interesting
Ribera, Tintoretto. Veronese and
Titian. Of the latter the most strik
ing is a great canvas on which Charles
V rides eternally forth to battle. The
library, once one of the richest in
Europe, though greatly diminished by
a nre in 1691, and by thefts by the
French soldiej^ in 1808, still contains
over 30,000 volumes and nearly 6000
valuable manuscripts.
Situated thirty-one miles northwest
of Madrid, the Escorial is an easy
day's jaunt from the capital by rail
road, mule teams completing the jour
ney up the hill from the station. Often
boys may be seen playing football in
the courtyards. At the early masses
beggars and old women constitute the
major portion of the scant congrega
tion. It is a place of departed glories,
pomps and ceremonies, a monument
that reminds the modern world of
what Spain once was.
BRANNAN* AND THE LEAI>
PROVED TO BE TOO MUCH FOR
HALL.
THK EEOORIAI* A HOARY PILE OF BUILDINGS NEAR SPAIN'S CAPITAL.
M\DE FAMOUS AS THE BURIAL PLACE OF SPANISH RULERS FOR
CENTURIES.
Lovers of goobers are face to fae#
with a peanut famine. A writer in
the Chicago Chronicle says that the
South has furnished the peanut supply,
but adds: "The spirit of latter-day
commercialism has seized upon the
South and threatens to sever the bond
through which that section has con
tributed so greatly to the gustatory
delight of the nation. It appears that
cotton and goobers thrive best in the
same kind of soil, and the high pric«
of cotton has caused Southern planters
to devote almost their entire acreage to
that staple. As the demand for cotton
is increasing more rapidly even than
the demand for peanuts, it is most
probable that they will continue to dis
criminate in favor of the former staple
despite its fluctuating value, and
against the latter, notwithstanding the
fact that the price always remains the
same, five cents a bag. the country
over. The effect that failure to cul
tivate the peanut will have upon the
social relations of the masses, espe
cially the juvenile element, can only
be surmised, and any surmise will be
fraught with dark forebodings. Neces
sarily the decline of the peanut will
have a tendency to restrict the pleas
ures of recreation, foreshadowing as It
does the doom of the gallery god and
the degeneration of the circus into a
hollow mockery."
r A Peanut Famine.
THE recent appointment of a member ot the Los
Angeles Chamber of Commerce upon the advisory
board of the California Promotion Committee is j
an emphatic commentary upon the spirit of co-opera- j
tion that prevails among the commercial bodies of Cali- ¦
fornia. jThis action was the result of the broad scope
for State development that has formed the basis of the
committee's work, culminating with the April excur
sion of the committee through the south.
The merchants of Los Angeles have become impressed
with the sincerity of the committee in its broad and
far-reaching endeavors. A committee of the Los An
geles Chamber of Commerce, after an investigation, re
ported: "Your comjnittee is satisfied that the work of
the California Promotion Committee is most commend
able and productive of great good toward the develop
ment of the resources and the upbuilding of the whole
State, and certainly merits the encouragement of the
Los Angeles Chamber^ of Commerce."
The Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce is the rep
resentative body of California south of the, Tehachapi.
Its work has been directed not alone to Los Angeles,
but to the entire southern part of the State. It is pleas
ing, indeed, that this progressive organization should
enter so readily into the great movement for united
effort in the development of the State. It should be a
matter of congratulation to the merchants of San Fran
cisco and Los Angeles that not only these two cities
but all parts of the State will work shoulder to shoulder
in forwarding their mutual interests.
There is now more enthusiasm in development work in
California than in any other State. If the energy exerted
in promoting various localities be applied to a common
end California will not only advertise her resources in
a manner commensurate with her richness, but she will
devote herself in a remarkable degree to State improve
ment. The greatest incentive to patriotic work of this
kind, which the people of some of California's fertile but
little known interior communities can have, is the assur
ance that they will receive the support and co-operation
of the larger cities. The greatest discouragement they
could have would be a spirit of ungenerous rivalry on the
part of the more powerful communities. The movement
for co-operation is, therefore, thoroughly beneficent and
undeniably practical. Under its influence every commu
nity in California will be stimulated to make known its
advantages and its needs, and good results may be
counted on as foregone conclusions.
UNITED EFFORT.
Elaborate preparations are being made for the recep
tion of the fifty Filipinos who are to.be the guests of
the nation at the St. Louis Exposition, and San Francisco
is expected to extend a hospitality that will leave indeli
ble inlpressions of good will upon the untutored but
contriving minds of the little men from the South Seas.
To those that may be doubtful of our ability let us hasten
to give assurance that our hospitality has almost become
professional with us and only an expert can detect in
our methods or manners of entertainment when v we like
our guests and when we don't.
his art, and •who used his art In order
to teach the world the truth about sol
diering.
There Is seldom any actual flghtlns
In the canvases of Verestchagin. This
Is In accordance with a theory to which
he held all his life. He did not believe
in depicting only the dramatic moments
of the ¦war. If we reckon up the time
spent In any war. he was fond of say-
Ing, we will find that by far the great
est part of the campaign Is spent in
suffering, great hardships, heavy labor
and miseries. "Weeks are spent in
marching in blazing suns. In clouds of
dust or in toiling through mud while
the rains drench you to the skin. War
means hunger, thirst, sickness, the
pain of wounds, privations of all kinds
—a reversion to the conditions of sav
age existence. All these things last for
days, for weeks, for months, while the
time that is passed in actual fighting
is but a few hours. Why. then, should
we In painting war devote our atten
tion exclusively to these moments of
excitement and ignore the dull, grim
realities that make up the life of a sol
dier on campaign?" — American Month
ly Review of Reviews for May.
The platform conforms to the personal ideal to which
the convention bowed in submission. It indorses social
ism in its broadest feature. It demands government
ownership and operation of railroads, and, as the greater
includes the less, this indorsement runs to public owner
ship of all means of production. The platform makes no
reference to the sound money issue. The old position
on the tariff is distinctly abandoned. The income tax is
thrown overboard. A protective tariff is distinctly in
dorsed with a slight modification in which reduction of
rate is demanded on all American manufactures that are
sold abroad for less than at home. The Republican
party is denounced for not passing a river and harbor
bill at the first session of the present Congress, when
the convention should have known that only one river
and harbor bill is passed by each Congress, and not one
at each session. This bit of hypocrisy was indulged in
for the purpose of accusing the Republican party of de
siring to impair water transportation in the interest of
railroads. So, we suppose that when Mr. Cleveland ve
toed the river and harbor bill it was in the interest of.
railroads!
One exceedingly significant feature of the convention
will occur to the Democrats who were not there. Cleve
land was not mentioned, nor was Bryan, nor any of the
party worthies who were identified with the party re
vival which began with the election in 1874 of the first
Democratic House of Representatives after the Civil
War. Tilden, Seymour, Thurman, Cleveland, Bryan and
all were coldly snubbed, and the convention jumped
clear from Jefferson to Hearst. Between 1800 and 1904 it
had no leader whose personality deserved mention or
honorable ascription. Jefferson and Hearst were put
upon the same pedestal, and the party had no history
between the two- In the presence of these two pieces
of party statuary "immediate restitution of the Democ
racy to power* was demanded, with Hearst for Presi
dent!
Paraphrasing Lincoln, we admit that men who like
that kind of a man for President will like that kind of a
man. Still, as a believer that in a republic there must be
parties, and .that the better tlieir leaders the more de
serving they are of public confidence, we feel that the
Democracy of California could have chosen more wisely
and presented a higher ideal. But water runs no higher,
than its fountain, and ideals are no higher nor purer
than their source, and if the Democracy of this State
wishes to be judged by the ideal man, garlanded and
garnished by its convention, that is- its affair- entirely.
The high-minded Republicans of the State will con
tinue to cherish the great memory of Senator White as
an honor to the State which he served. They will re
member gratefully his vindication of the Republican
Supreme Court against the vicious aspersions of Mr.
Hearst, and they will not accept the judgment of the
Democratic Convention upon Mr. Lane that he was un
fit to have received»his party's nomination for Gover
nor, for Republicans felt his steel in combat as the
weapon of an able and high-minded foeman. The Dem
ocratic party, as far as the convention represented it, re
pudiated everything in its history and everybody in its
leadership in order to occupy a position from which it
could laud Mr. Hearst. The State thought better of it
than it seems to have deserved.
The charges of treachery to the late Senator White,
and to numerous candidates of his party here, went un
answered, and the party has indorsed those treacheries
and put upon them the seal of its approval. This can
only mean that the Democracy of California decides that
White was unfit for Senator, Lane for Governor, Farns
worth for Justice of the Supreme Court, and all the
others whose political rights and personal ambitions
Hearst smote unto death deserved what they got. That
matter being decided once for all, the party in this State
selects Mr. Hearst as its ideal, and his personal record
and political conduct as models to be flattered by imita
tion. That being its deliberate choice the organization
knows where it stands, and so do the people.
The opponents of Hearst gave out certain reasons
why they did not follow up the advantage gained in the
primaries in San Francisco. They were implored by the
Democratic office-holders here not to excite Mr. Hearst
to make reprisals through his newspaper. They feared
that their political future would share the evil effects of
the treachery of Hearst under which Lane and his com
panions in misfortune went down, never to rise. That
was accepted as a valid reason for the work of the San
Francisco' delegates, whose votes made the indorsement
possible. As the party indorsed this view by indorsing
Mr. Hearst, others have no fault to find. The Democ
racy of the State seems to have known its man, and he
seems to have known the party. This mutual recogni
tion is in the presence of the whole State, and whether
the spectacle is edifying depends upon the point of
view. Mr. Hearst represents what the Democratic Con
vention wanted; the future must prove or disprove that
it was what the party wanted.
IN the Democratic State Convention McNab and Lane
first won their fight and then lost "it. The reasons
were given in the current talk of the convention, in
which the lavish use of money was assigned as the mo
tive which changed a Hearst minority of twenty-two into
a Hearst majority of nineteen. We assume that all rea
sonable men will admit that if Mr. Hearst deserved the
indorsement of his party in California it should have
been given ungrudgingly and unanimously. If he did
not deserve it it should not have been given at all.
It was In 1871. when money was
plenty, a 25-cent piece being the
smallest coin in circulation, that the
campaign in which Governor Halght
and Newton Booth were running for
the gubernatorial seat resulted in an
amusing incident arising from the
election. Sam Hall, who kept a sa
loon, was a strong Haight man. while
Sam Brannan was equally as strong
for the Republican nominee. Booth.
While discussing the merits of their
men in Hall's saloon one night a wa
ger was made between Hall and Bran
nan with a $500 forfeit that the loser
of the bet should trundle the winner
In a wheelbarrow from .Washington to
California street and back.
When the final day came. Booth be
ing the winner in the election, it was
announced that the trundling act
would come oft on a Saturday after
noon. It is needless to add that the
sidewalks on the line of, the streets
Brannan Phis Lead.
The. Escorial was formerly rich in
paintings] and though in 1837 a hun
dred of the best were removed to
Madrid, it still contains many fine
works of art. including specimens by
Crello, Garbajal. Tibaldl. Zucarro.
Lucca Giordano. Trezzo. Zurbaran,
room is the apartment which Philip II
reserved for his own use. "He
wished." he. said, "but for a cell in
the palace he built to God." And a
cell it is. still containing the hard
chairs and the. stool on which the
Kir.% was wont to rest his gouty leg.
Adjoining It is a tiny bedroom, with
a door in one of Its walls. The croak
ing: of its rtisty hinges ill prepares one
for the fight revealed when it is
thrown open. So close that an out-
Strptched hand might almost touch it.
stands the magnificent altar of the
church. From his bed in this little
room the King could hear and see the
mass when he v,-.-»? too ill to rise.
Every morning during: the years that
he lived at the Escorial he was
awakened here by the chanting of the
monks and it was here that he died.
Starr King is sefhighest among the forces that wrought
for the Union, in the clouded days of the Civil War.
The ascription to him may well include other great
names in that church of men who have stood for civil
liberty and freedom of person and conscience, to whom
our institutions are indebted for a support that enters
into their strength and integrity.
Creeds and rituals are good, and to many are essen
tials in the. right guidance of life, The devoted spirits
who sustain them are the soldiers in a moral warfare
which is as endless as the weakness and willfulness of
human nature. But the men-at-arms in that warfare
are by no means all the devotees of creed and forms.
Yet they are valiant in the strife. The Unitarians feel
their part in deciding the great issues of life, and they do
they duty in clearness and cleanness of spirit. Their
conference here is on ground where they have earned
the right to be, and San Francisco greets them gladly
and hails their coming as a gratifying event in a year
in which public bodies concerned in the good of man
have chosen California as the meeting place of thousands
who will come as strangers and go away as friends.
THE SANTA CRUZ RESULT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D^SFRECKELS, Proprietor . . - Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY ;. . . ; ~. . . .MAY 19, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
Special Corrcspenaenet.
MADRID. May 7.— For a short time.
due to the entombment there with boI
.emn pomp of ex-Queen Isabella of
Where Isabella Lies,
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by-tito
Pvess> Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend's California Glace fruits tn
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market st."
"I hope the young minister Is ortho
dox." ¦¦ it»;
"Why, is there any reason to doubt
it?"
"No; only that he has Just been grad
uated from a theological seminary." —
Puck. n ¦¦
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8HIllB Bros.' A rnbian Roast is the fin
est Java and Mocha... -- • . . •
According to figures recently com
piled by the Express-Gazette, thirteen
trains were "held up" during 1803, com
pared with twenty-two. In 1902. ... .
Martin F. Conway was taken into
custody yesterday at the Southern Po
lice Station on the complaint of F. B.
McCloskey, a coal dealer at 340 Minna
street, on the charge of misdemeanor
embezzlement. McCloskey accused
Conway, who ' was In _ his employ, of
selling a load of coal for $6 and, keep
ing the money. . „ •
Charged With Embezzlement.
Take "your mealB reeularly. Take your rest
reeularly. Take "Old Gilt Edge Whiskey"
reeuUrly and you can see the world with ap
proving eyes — and it will approve of you. •
The police were notified that during
the night the premises of the Sierra
Photo Engraving Company on the top
floor of 324 Grant avenue had been
entered and a tin box forced open. It
contained checks for $5 and $20 and
20 cents coin, which were stolen. En
trance had been effected by means of
the elevator, which is kept running all
night for the benefit of the members
of the Crescent Club. Detective Tay
lor has been detailed on the case.
Steal Contents of Tin Box.
Th*- annual loss from the burning of
'tuildinps in the United States is about
51"5.O00.C0O. not Including cost of insur
ance and the appliances for fire pro
tectlon.
, Since 1S99 five new churches have
been opened — those at Hood River,
WaBh.; Boise, Idaho; Butte, Mont.;
Santa Cruz and Fresno; anrl an inde
pendent church, the People's Christian
Church of Santa Rosa, had been added
to the list.
New churches, he said, are soon to be
organized at Port Angeles and at Ev
erett, Wash. At Salt Lake a new build
ing is shortly to be dedicated free of
debt, and nearly $12,000 has been al
ready subscribed for a church building
at Redlands.
DIVINITY SCHOOL ASSURED.
A Unitarian divinity school for the
Pacific States, Mr. Stone said, is at last
assured. The Rev. Earl Wilbur of
Meadville, Pa., has accepted the posi
tion of dean and will begin the work of
organization June 1.
The divinity school will be domiciled
in the building of the Oakland Unita
rian Church.
The money for this project has been
provided, said the speaker, by Mr. and
Mrs. Francis Cutting of Oakland and
the Hon. and Mrs. Horace Davis of San
Francisco.
"Progress In Washington and Ore
gon, with a Study of Opportunities,"
was the subject treated by the Rev.
William G. Eliot Jr.
The Rev. F. 12 Hosmer of Berkeley,
one of the prominent hymn writers of
the Unitarian fellowship, opened the
afternoon session with an address on
Channing's "Baltimore Sermon."
The sermon was delivered in 1819 at
the ordination of Jared Sparks to the
ministry of the Unitarian 'Church in
Baltimore, and in it, for the first time,
the beliefs of Unitarians as to the na
ture of God, the humanity of Jesus and
the dignity of human nature were first
clearly distinguished from the beliefs
of orthodox Christians.
This Channing sermon, said the Rev.
Mr. Hosmer, is one of three epoch
marking sermons in the history of the
Unitarian movement in America, the
two others being Emerson's "Divinity
School "Address," delivered In 1838, and
Theodore Parker's sermon entitled
"The Transient and the Permanent in
Christianity."
The Surulay-school Conference was
addressed by Mrs. C. E. Grunsky, the
Rev. Bradford Leavitt and Mis3 Van
Orden.
In the evening addresses were de
livered before the conference at the
First Unitarian Church by Rev. George
W. Stone, Rev. J. A. Cruzan, who
spoke of "The Islands"; Horace Davis,
whose subject was "Japan," and Presi
dent David Starr Jordan, who gave an
interesting discourse on Oriental char
acteristics.
There will be an all day and an
evening session.
who said that in 189 9, when he finst
came to the coast, there were sixteen
active churches in the department,
and now there are twenty-four. Fin
ancially, the Pacific States department
is In a healthier condition than any
other which the American Unitarian
Association has to deal with. Outside
the two churches at San Jose, Cal. and
Helena, Mont., there is, he said, al
together an outstanding church debt
of only $2100.
Edwafrd Ernest Hayman, known as
"Doc" Hayman, was arrested yester
day by Detective Whitaker and booked
at the City Prison on a felony charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses.
It. is alleged that on May 5 he passed
a worthless check for $55 on Daniel
J. Cullen, a saloon-keeper. Last year
Hayman was mixed up in a scandal
with another man- and two pretty live
ly women.
Later Hayman was arrested for pass
ing a worthless check for $20, but
paid it and there was no prosecution.
Hnvrnnn Again In Trouble.
i MERCED, May 18.— The indications
are that Merced County will have
about the same grain crop, in the ag
gregate, as last year, when there was
a fair yield. Wheat may be a little
less, barley doubtless more and rye
very short. The acreage and yield of
the latter cereal (once an important
crop in this county) diminishes every
year. Recent hot weather has made the
prospects less bright than they were
three weeks ago.
On the west side the rainfall has been
light and grain is short, but alfalfa
growing, under irrigation, and dairying
Is now the leading 'industry in that
section. The hay crop, aside from al
falfa, is light. Reports in regard to
fruit are somewhat conflicting.
CEREALS WILL GIVE
'AN AVERAGE YIELD
IN MERCED COUNTY
HANFORD, May 18. — The present
conditions and outlook for the agri
cultural crops for this year in this
county are at present very flattering.
The late frost of last month did very
little damage to the fruit, although
some of the grapes were slightly
nipped, but in many places the apricot
crop is said to be over twice as heavy
as it was last year and the crop of
peaches also gives promise of being
fine, perhaps not much more in quan
tity than last year, but better in qual
ity. , The management of the Lucerne
vineyard stated that one of the hail
storms in April did a great deal of
damage to the grape crop there, but
this storm only struck a strip of
country and elsewhere no damage was
done. The prune crop varies in dif
ferent parts of the county, but it is
generally very good, while last year
this class of fruit did not produce much
here. Some damage was also done the
prunes by the hail.
As to the hay crop everything looks
flattering, the first cutting having been
taken care of to a great extent, and
in many cases the alfalfa is again al
most ready to cut.
In the line of grain there is a splen
did story to tell. The Tulare Lake
bottom has literally been transformed
into a wheat field this year, there hav
ing been about 30,000. acres of wheat
and barley sown, and it is said that
it is looking fine and gives promise of
yielding even greater production than
last year. Last season there were hun
dreds of acres of the grain In that
section of country that yielded over
twenty-five sacks per acre and some
went as high as thirty-five sacks.
There is some report that smut has
got into the grain, but there Is noth
ing authentic as to what extent.
FARMERS OF KINGS
COUNTY DELIGHTED
OVER THE OUTLOOK
Dr. A. C. Kellogg of the Phelan
building obtained a warrant from Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest of W. B. MacXider on a charge of
petty larceny. Kellogg cashed a
check for $35 for MacNider, drawn on
a bank at Mason City, Iowa, of which
MacNider's father is said to be pres
ident. It was returned as worthless.
Owing to the cost of bringing wit
nesses from Mason City to testify the
charge was made petty larceny. Dr.
Kellogg said that MacNider had also
borrowed 515 from him. They had
known each other for years. Mac-
Xider is eaid, to be connected with the
Union Lumber Company. Dr. Kellogg
says he is not the .only one that has
cashed MacNider's bad checks.
Check Was Worthless.
In view of the testimony of Fong
Ling at the trial of Nguen • Lun,
charged with the murder of Tom Yick
of the Chinese Educational Society on
May 8, 1903, that rewards were offered
for the slaying of members of that so
ciety, a motion was made before Judge
Lawlor yesterday that the seven pres
idents of tongs, who are also charged
with the murder and are out on bonds,
be ordered into custody. The Judge,
took the matter under advisement till
this afternoon. All day yesterday was
taken up with the cross-examination
Of.Fong Ling. He expects to escape
punishment by turning State's evi
dence.
Wants Presidents Jailed.
The Supreme Grand Circle of the
•Companions of the Forest, A. O. F.,
•concluded its labors for the forestic
" jvjit yesterday by the election and
•installation of officers for the current
jur.
* . Curing the day a number of amend
• rneiits to the laws were considered, but
Jj. wa« c< <. ; d/?d that there was no need
"for a chaupe and ail such were turned
•frown.
• Tht ccntingrent fund of the supreme
t Er:ind chief companion was increased
from SI 00 to 5150.
It was decided that the supreme
i- ¦..::<} chief companion shall appoint
a committee whose duty it shall be
c to prepare a new floor work to the
irtid that it ehall be made more at
= I ut u\c and interesting.
OFllCEKS ELECTED.
Ttw greiuer portion of the day was
.taken uu in the election of officers
ttbo are to serve for the cur
rent forestic year. The following
\.>s the result: Mrs. George |
¦'1. Berger of San Francisco, I
„ n'jrcme grand chief companion;
Mrs. M. Castle of Stockton, sub-chief;
T.:^ LCumminjs of Oakland, herald;
>!?s. L. JSehuener of San Francisco,
treasurer; Miss Mae Falconer of Sun
'2"ranci«co, secretary; Mrs. Lizzie
: riicliard of San Francisco, right
.*: .*:de; Mrs. L. Hagan of San Fran
.-. vco, left guide; Miss E. Wunaerllch
,„«*.£ -San Francisco, inside guar<l; Mrs.
.' . Harvey of San Francisco, outside
jruard.
The new officers were installed with
nil the' pomp and ceremony of the or
' der by Piist Supreme Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. Lizzie Miller, assisted
by Mrs. A. Boehm, past supreme grand
chief companion, as grand herald.
In the evening there was a banquet
tef the outgoing and new officers and
th-» delegates. The hall was tastefully
decorated in patriotic colors and the
tables were set oSE with choice flowers.
George J. Berger was the toastmaster
#nd after the supper he called upon a
I number to respond to toasts after Mrs.
M- J. Valente, the retiring Fupreme
prand chief companion.'had been pre
sented on behalf of the supreme grand
„ bodv a beautiful sunburst diamond set
pin and a beautiful chocolate set on
behalf of the Board of Deputies.
A PRESENTATION".
This was followed by the presenta
tion of a manicure set to Miss E.
Wuriderlich in recognition of her ef
. ficient services as secretary of the
. Board of Deputies during the year.
The toasts and those ¦who responded
"to them were: "Our New Supreme
Grand Chief Companion," Mrs.- Ber
jp#r; "The Pelasure of Retiring From
Office," Mrs. M. J. Valente, retiring
Fupreme grand chief; "Our Retiring
Secretary," Mrs. F. M. X. Corwin;
"Our Young Secretary," Miss Mae Fal
coner; "The Watchdog of Our Treas
ury," Mrs. L. Schuener; "Our Pros
pective Sub-Chief." Mrs. Lizzie
Pritchard: 'The One Who Helps the
Right Guide." Mrs. L. Hagan; "The
Protector of the Inner Portal." Miss
E. Wunderlich; "The Keeper of the
« »uter Wicket." ;Mr?. -A. Harvey
"The Press." E- C. Stock. Then fol
lowed remarks by many guests, after
trfaicb the affair was brought to a
« lm%f- by the singinsr of a patriotic song.
During the evening en orchestra
r-riertained with popular air&
Hans G. Kuhl is a stockbroker. He
looks prosperous, but according to his
own statements, made in Judge Heb-'
bard's court yesterday, he has for
months past been living on borrowed
money, and has not even money
enough to defray the costs of the Buit
for maintenance brought against him
by his wife, Helen Kuhl. He stated,
however, that Mrs. Kuhl had a small
fortune of her own and that she was
fully able to defray the costs of the
BuiL This fact the lady indignantly
denied, so Judge Hebbard ordered the
matter off calendar until such time as
the parties came to an understanding,
holding that the case could not be
tried until the costs had been paid.
The Kuhls have been in court many
times. Twice has Kuhl tried to secure
a divorce on the ground of cruelty,
but on each occasion has failed to
prove that his wife was cruel to him.
Xow Mrs. Kuhl is having her day in
court, having filed the cult for main
tenance, shortly after the close of
Kuhl's second suit for divorce.
Judge Hebbard granted Anna C. Cun
ningham a divorce from James A. Cun
ningham, a clerk in the employ of M.
J. Brandenetein, the tea merchant, for
neglect. Judge Graham gave Mary A.
Rutherford a divorce from John J.
Rutherford for cruelty, and Frederick
Capslus was given a divorce from
Carrie N. Capsius by Judge MurasKy
for cruelty. Judge Hunt divorced
Leota Lafferty from Blanchard Laf
ferty for desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by Jake
Feldman against Sara R. Feldman for
desertion, and Maggie Caffaney against
Edward J. Coffaney for cruelty.
"Progress of the Unitarian Church
in the Pacific States, With a Study of
Opportunities" was the subject of an
address by the Rev. George W. Stone,
field secretary for the Pacific States,
This concession will not be readily ma<ij
tnd the oj.K>n shop may not be considered an
op<-n question. A stand may be made upon it.
The hope of peace and good will is in wise
Uadership «n<t that again rests with the in
telligence and character of the membership.
In any organization the first test is the wise
and Just uee of the power gained through as
¦delation. •
I,ike all great questions the labor problem
is one of morals.
For itf> complete settlement it will wait till
all men are manly in the highest sense; till
Justice, sympathy, unselfishness an<! good will
are grounded in individual character.
I believe that in the Ions run the unions
will be stronger when, while adhering to the
scale, they do not make membership oblig
atory tipon all with whom they will consent
to work.
UNIONS WILL IMPKOVE.
Labor conditions and labor union
organizations and the status of the
employer came up in an interesting
form at the second day's session of the
Pacific Coast Conference of the Unita
rian and other Christian churches yes
terday.
Th- conference, which is being held
at the Second Unitarian Church,
Twentieth and Capp streets, was
largely attended and was presided
over by Charles A. Murdock.
The present day industrial problem
was evolved from an address on
"Channjng and Social Reform," by
Mr. Murdock. who reviewed the po
sition of employer and employe. Mr.
Murdock said in part:
n.ti: Qtxnr.tTtd labor ha* made, is making
and will continue to make mistakes does not
n.Jitate against Its rights and should not de
prive it of toleration and reasonable for
bearance.
There are three Trays of looking- at the
trades union. The overzealous member sees
In It hi» cnly hojje and he will follow ii, right
or wrong.
The narrow-minded business man sees In It [
only a menace to society and fc« opposes it,
rijrht ct wrong. The Just and dftcernlnjr clt
iztn sees it mixed of good and evil, with
Kreat power lor either, and will sympathize '
vith its purpose and methods when they are
gond and resist them when they are bad.
Reasonable concessions will be wanted; un
reasonable demands will be denied when they
are vufficiently unreasonable to demand re-
Ei&tance. - ¦
Forbearance will be shown till It ceases to
be a virtue and then- a firm stand will be
taken.
That methods of enforcing the will of or
sanizt-d labor are unpleasant and even un- '
Ju?t will not Justify retaliation In kind, but
violence when It becomes lawless must b«
rrrreiifred with' the whole power of society
and the a-tate.
LAW MUST GOVERN*.
All efforts at righting wrongs or advancing
conditions must be made within the law.
Vested rights must be respected and American
citizenship mukt ba always superior to class
organization.
Trades unions are meeting a crisis In their
history. Their remarkable growth and their
overbearing disregard of the rights of others
In enforcing what th*y consider th*ir own
have resulted In counter organisation on a
larger scale they have heretofore encountered.
Th«-re is In this both hep*- and danger.
If an orpanizatlon of those whose interests
1 culler by too rajnd or too great changes does
not decenerate in"i> an opposition to labor
crganiiations and their legitimate ends and
methods, but contents itself with opposing
abuse of power and holding the unions to
obedience to the law and peaceful and hon
orable methods . of procedure, all will be well
and preparation for war will insure peace and
promote justice.
The crucial question to-<Jay is whether or
ga«.ized labor can survive the "open shop."
Society seems to have settled into a firm
conclusion that the trades unions may use
their power within the law, to increase wages,
shorten hour* and generally improve condi
tion.*, but thnt they shall mt deny the right
of labor to their fellowmen who do not be
long to unions.
A great burst of applause here in
terrupted the speaker and when the
expression of approval of the assem
blage subsided Mr. Murdock contin
ued:
Unquestionably they will be greatly weak
ened by the o!*n shop, but when they are
thrown upon moral nuafion they will gain
«son:e elements of strength. Their member
ship must be fu^tained by its attraction, and
if It is to hold the beet men it muft be juat
and fair. Wror.g and injustice are always a
source of weakness. \Vh:Ie they often promote
immediate Fuctes« they finally bring deteriora
tion and disaster.
Franke was a member of San Fran
cisco Camp. Woodmen of the World, a
native of Germany, and 42 years of
age.
Franke's wife informed Deputy
Coroner McCormick that her husband
had brooded considerably on the sub
ject, that he had been acting
strangely recently, ar.d that he left
home at 9 o'clock Tuesday morning
without Informing her as to his destin
ation.
On the person of th suicide was
found a small memorandum book-'IIT
which Franke had written a letter, re
viewing his troubles as he saw them
and asking his wife to pay J. D. Leader
of Los Angeles $10, which Franke had
borrowed.
Evidently demented, . Paul Franke,
who conducted jf'ith his wife a small
branch bakery at 3420 Mission street,
ended his life last Tuesday night by
swallowing carbolic acid. His dead
body was found yesterday morning
lying In the Hayes-street entrance of
Golden Gate Park by Alexander Gold
sack, a conductor on the Hayes-street
car line. By the dead man's side lay
a bottle which contained carbolic acid,
and a collapsible alluminum cup, from
which Franke had drunk the poison.
Franke had an imaginary grievance
against Mrs. Stanton, wno conducted
a competing bakery across the street
from his store at Mo. 5419 Mission
street. A short time ago she com
plained to the police that he had
threatened to burn Mrs. Stanton's
bakery, and a police detective had an
interview with Franke with regard to
the matter.
Presentation and Oratory at
Banquet to New and Past
Leaders and Delegates
Writes to His Afflicted
Wife 'to Pay His Debts
and Ends His Existence
Speaker Says Public Is Firm
as to 3Ian's Eight to Work
Free of Any Organization
Judge Hebbard Gives Her
Divorce From Spouse Who
Is Not a Good Provider
TAKES CAKBOLIC ACID
CONDUCT INSTALLATION
SOCIETY'S * CONCLUSION
MKS. CUNNINGHAM FEEE
Slurdock Expresses Himself
on Unions and Employers
at Unitarian Conference
Stockbroker Who Is Being
Sued for Support Says
He Has to Borrow to Live
Imagines That a Business
Rival Is Plotting to Do
Him Some Great Injury
Companions of the Forest of
the Ancient Order Con
.elude Their Year's Labor
SALINAS CITY, May 18.— Reports
from various parts of Monterey County
insure fair crops. TheNvarm weather
of several weeks ago, while it did a
great deal of harm, has been In a
measure overcome by the fine growing
'weather of the last three weeks.
In the southern part of the county,
around San Miguel, San Lucas, Brad
ley and San Ardo, the Indications are
for a good year. Although in that sec
tion tbe rainfall has not been up to the
average, all reports are that the grain
is rapidly heading and propects are
good. In the hills of the southern part
of the county the cattle and sheep men
tell of plenty of feed.
The region around Soledad and King
City will not give average crops this
year. The rainfall has been below the
average and the hot weather of April,
combined with the north winds, has
hurt the prospects badly. In the £iock
wood and Jolon country tbe prospects
are fine for a large grain crop.
In the northern part of Monterey
County the crops will be up to the av
erage, although the rainfall has been
but ten inches for the season, compared
with twelve of last year. There will
not be as large a beet acreage as usual,
but much more acreage of potatoes and
grain. From Gonzales and Chaular up
the valley the prospects are line for a
good year and with fair prjees for farm
products Monterey County will gen
erally enjoy prosperity.
SOLEDAD, May 18. — Short crops is
the result of the climatic conditions
affecting the immediate vicinity of this
place. The cause cannot be removed,
as it is impossible to change the phys
iography of this part of Monterey
County, bearing as it does the stamp
of nature. A gradual'change has tak v
en place on the west side of the Sa
linas River since 1895, when the first
pumping plant was erected on the
lands of the ex-mission of Soledad
(1710 acres). At present the Salva
tion Army colony's 520 acres; Spreekr
els ranch No. 2, 1176 acres, and lands
belonging to other parties are mostly
under irrigation. Last year's products
from the above lands, in addition to
alfalfa raised for dairy purposes, were
approximately 2000 boxes of decid
uous fruits, 7500 tons of sugar beets,
22,510 bags of Burbank potatoes and
a few hundred bags of beans. There
will be this season an increase in the
potato crqp of from 3000 to 5000
bags. The wonderful contrast pre
sented between the aspect and produc
tiveness of, the irrigated and unirri
gated land is marked. On the east
side of the Salinas River there are
dry and short crops, but the west" side
is productive.
MONTEREY COUNTY
IS SATISFIED WITH
GENERAL PROSPECT
FRANKE BROODS
INTO INSANITY
NEW OFFICERS
ARE SELECTED
LABOR PROBLEM
IS DISCUSSED
KUHL PLEADS
LACK OF FUNDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
PROMISE OF BOUNTIFUL CROPS,
Continued From Page 7, Column 7.
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE
True Seeker
FOR
selects food to keep health, passing
by the sogg}', starchy, greasy foods
and selecting food and drink made
especially to keep Brain and Nerve3
as well as Body nourished vigorous
and stro- -.
Strong Nerves
Healthy Bodies
are built on '"
the natural food elements for just
these purposes are combined in
Grape-Nuts . and all are -pre-digested
so the weakest invalid -or the
strongest athlete can digest and is
thoroughly nourished, thus every part
of the body grows strong.
A feeling of- reserve force and
easy poise all over is soon earned.
Trial proves this pleasant fact.
"There* a Reason."
Get the little book, "The Road to
Wellville," in each pkg.
World's .Fair Exhibit, space 103,
, Agricultural Building.
WHITE SEAL
CHAMPAGNE .
Shipment of quarts has
just arrived.
WilliafflWolff&Co.
216-218 Mission St.
Baby's bright eyes, rosy
cheeks, firm flesh and sound
limbs are the results of using
Mellin's Food.
You will he glad that you sent for a sample
of Mellin's Food when you sec how eagerly
baby takes it.
MSLLIN'S FOOD CO.. BO8TON. MASS.
() visit DR. JORDAN'S great/)
dBUSEUB OF AHAT0E8Y<>
\ Sf The Larreit Aaatoaica] Mumiub ¦¦ ik«
Q mjti World. neakctMti or m« ennmctert [ I
1 fc *2H d:iI1 » s r»* itl ** l Trmrm4r<jtbe olden '
O |*3J»3l 1 '" 08 il»«Coui EiLjCjrruv. (I
A flfftf ft CR. JORCAN-D'SEASES OF MEN A
\ f SS^IJ Con«lt»tio» fr« and «trU-rty print*. '
A B jS\? fl Treatment perMutl? or fcy l.swr. A I
\ fi It T? II *"***** CHiri in every cKenndtroilieit. . '
AVI lift WriMfef Book. raiLa««riTtf A
" a i* ntinuci. mailed rr.am. (AV
A 0 /}• »«mable book f»r mm) \
V DK. JOBD41K A CO.. 10(1 ACaricrt Ht.9. F. V
A T t*\ ATA T> Belayco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR .ssrssi
General Manager.
TO-NIGIIT— THIS WEEK ONLY. •
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SATURDAY.
Julia Marlowe's Great Comedy Success,
"It Is very bright." — Examiner.
"Most entertaining." — Chronicle..
Evg.. 25c to 75c; Mats. Thur. & Sat., 25c to 50c
§Xcxt Monday — First time here.
Sydney Rosenfeld's Merriest Comedy,
A POSSIBLE CASE
Market it. near Eighth: r>hont South 533L
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
First Time In San Francisco of th» Tremend-
ously Successful Maritime Comedy Drama.
—DOWN BY—
=THE SEA 255
Realistic and Emotional I Refined and Beauti-
ful! Magnificent Scenery!
Startling Mechanical and Electrical Effects!
PDlfPS Evenings. 10c to 80c
lUltLJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 23c
Next— A GREAT TEMPTATION.
_ MiacrEi.i.AiTEOtTa A.vrujqps^M'tz. _
LYRIC HALL.
MME. OABSnrOTOZr PBESEHTS
MME. ADRIENNE ST. CLAIR
(Mrs. Cora HaM.)
COLORATURA SOPRANO.
Assisted by Mr. EMLYN LEWYS. Pianist.
FRIDAY EVENING. May 20, at 8:15.
Reserved Seats at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s
Thursday and. Friday. May 19 and 20.
¦ • TICKETS jl.
BASEBALL
* . AT RECREATION PARK.
Elarhtb and - Harrison sis. .
Oakland vs. Los Angeles
THURSDAY and FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.
saturday. 2:30 p. m.
sundae 2:30 p. m.
ladies* days to-day and friday.
Advance sale of eeata at 5 Stockton at.
PBAGERS
ADVERTISEMENTS
A2XTJSS3LEI7T3.
Marcel's Living Art Studies;
Charles S«2and sad Company and Kama,
Xoss and lie wla. I»a« Time s of Yvaff
Ju Kim and Chi Sois Ok«; UUglej
. and Car Male; Clara SalZwlni; O*org»
S. Wood; Balleriai'i Dog* aad . .
MME. SLAPOFFSK1,
England's Oreatast Prlma Dona* Soprano
Regular Matrnee Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day . Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, &to
and 50c. ' '
CALIFORNIA
LAST THREE XIGHTS. 1^
B THE TUBSIIE8T SHOW I3f yt
3 TOW5! gt'
I OJR NEW MINISTER I
If WITH ERNEST HASTINGS AMD 3
fl THE FAMOUS ALL-iSTAK CAST. ||
tl NEXT StTMDAT— Opwln» annual It
~* summer atock season new Nein-Mo- J
I] rtneo Company la "When We Wen |
|i Twenty-One." Seats bow selling. jj
0 FOPITIVEI/T THE GREATEST »
¦ STOCK COMPANT IN EXISTENCE . M
LAST THREE NIGHTS
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELl
In Sardou'a
EMPRESS JHEODORA
NEXT SUNDAT f-» f- * f*v /-v «^ »
matinee rbDORA
POPULAR PRICES— 15c. 25c. 50c. 73c.
V UbU iwa L9 1 #4 Liu mm
THIS WEEK AND NEXT "WEEK.
KB. SICHABD
MANSFIELD
TnJtflfiHT AIso MATINEE SAT.. May '.'I.
lVTUUIll WEDNESDAY NIGHT. May 25.
BEAU BRUMMEL
FrL. May 20: Mon.. May 23: Thurs May
26. and Mat. Sat.. May 2S— OL.D HEIDE/.-
BERG. Sat. nUrht. May 21; Tuea.. May i'».
and for the farewell night. Sat.. May 25 —
IVAN THE TERRIBLE. Fri., May 27— DR.
JEKYLL. AND MR. HYDE.
Monday. May 3O— MAUDE ADAMS.
TiVOU^I"
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Second Week — Enormous Success
Of tbe Sparkling; Musical Comedy ,
| I Pretty Mu$ic
A Delightful Singers
RUNAWAY
I GIRL
Comedians I
HANDSOME GIRL CHORUS.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY AND COSTUME3.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c. 30c. 73c.
Xiff n-Claa« Specialties Srery Af teraoom
and ETtntar la to» Tbaatar.
TO-KIOHT ,
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW IXVIXG PICTURES
Take a ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
* VISIT CABARET DE LA MORT.
ADMlSSldN 10c I CHILDREN...... 5<j
When Phoning ask for "Tin Chutf."
Palarp DOirr fAIL T0
lalawv 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Hill room, the EMPIRE
aim parlor, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
If rflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR^ and the u^.
H X^1« DIES* WRITING
Hotels r °o m -
I There Will Be I
I Something Doing I
I at f
I PR.AGER.S I
I DON'T MISS IT. I
I Jl AIMMTS RELIABLE H
I J 1250 MARKET ST.& 1George F. Harrison, a painter, 62
years of age, was found dead in bed at
309 Third street by Sergeant Green
and Patrolman Tillman last evening.
He had been dead about two days and
appearances lead to the suspicion
that he. committee suicide by drinking
chloroform. Harrison worked Mon
day and retired as usual on that even-
Palntrr Found Dead in Bed.
Petitions in "Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday In the United States District
Court . as ' follows: . John" Hoffelt,
butcher, Sacramento, liabilities 51613.
assets $2052; E. H. Law, bookkeeper,
Spreckels, Monterey County, liabilities
$2312. no assets; Minnie Summers,
"sometimes known as Mrs. W. G.
Summers," merchant, Oroville, liabil
ities $2S61, assets $1015.
Stock certificates and seal presses at short
notice. Edw. S. Knowles. 24 Second St. *
Federal Watchmen Appointed.
William E. Stanton and Frank
Fitch have been appointed watch
men for the United States Immigra
tion Bureau.
One Road, One Train, One Wonder
World.
The one road that runs its own trains
over its own rails all the way from San
Francisco to Denver, Kansas City and
Chicago is Santa Fe.
The one train for comfort lovers and
those who would enjoy fast time and
good traveling is the "California Limit
ed."
Nothing In the world compares with
the wonder of the Grand Canyon of Ari
zona, on the line of the Santa Fe and
best reached by the "California Lim
ited."
'Tis Santa Fe all the way. If inter
ested, ask about it at 641 Market street,
San Francisco. • •
Wants Money for Painting House.
"Swan the Painter," a corporation,
yesterday sued Isaac Trumbo and
Howard Trumbo for $160 alleged to be
due for painting the residence at Sut
ter and Octavia streets.
LYNCH IS NOW • COMPETENT.— Patrick
Lynch, a prosperous Larkln street coal dealer
and formerly a well known politician who in
1887 was declared incompetent, was restored
to competency yesterday by Judge Coffey.
The quick, short route Is by the Overland
Limited, that matchless train of the Southern
Pacific. If you've never tried the Overland
try It on your St. Louis trip. Its appointments
ar«. perfect and the, scenery en route Is most
impressive. Talk It over with agents, or at
613 Market street. •.
Califomians Going to St. Louis.
Every baby Is the smartest if you
believe the father, and the prettiest if
you believe tKe mother.
No more $7.50 No Less.
To-morrow (Friday) there will be
on sale E00 men's custom-made ready
to-wear suits, in fancy suitings, such as
Iweeds, cheviots, .worsteds, fancy cas
#imeres and homespun summer suits.
These suits were made to order in price
/•anting from Ho to $3b. Same will be
put on sale for $7.50. First come, first
eerved. Sale commences to-morrow at
t a. m. at 44 Sixth street. •
A fool refuses a paying job to-day
because he has a thankless one for to
morrow.
Trachoma Is Granulated Eyelids.
Murine Eye Remedy cures this and other
Eye troubles, makes weak eyes strong.
A favorite in the home. •
A married man's idea of heaven is a
place where he won't be compelled to
dig up the price of an Easter bonnet.
ing. He' wa% not missed by the land
lord until his employer called last
evening and stated that ho had not
been to work for two days. The po
licemen were called, the door of his
room broken down and he was dis
covered .dead. A chloroform bottle,
nearly empty, was found in t^e room.
Deceased had been suffering from
stomach trouble.
Gibson told on the stand of the vari
ous conversations he had had with
Soeder during the defendant's incar
ceration. General Salomon insisted on
the exact language of these conversa
tions during the "sweating process,"
but Gibson said he could not remem
ber it. '•>., 'i '
Theodore Kytka, the handwriting ex
pert, was called to testify as to
whether or not Soeder drew the chart
on the margin of a newspaper that was
submitted the previous day during the
direct examination of Cooper. Kytka
had not proceeded far before General
Salomon announced that the defense
was willing to admit that Soeder drew
the chart, a fact exclusively announced
In The Call of yesterday. An order for
some clothing at the Flatley home was
also Introduced and admitted by the
defendant to have been written by him.
Kytka's services were no longer need
ed. The only piece of writing intro
duced that has been disputed by the
defense is on the scraps of paper
picked up by a reporter at 4800 Mission
street and alleged by Kytka to be in
the handwriting of Soeder.
Rather unexpectedly, the prosecution
announced the close of its case ot 3:50
in the afternoon. At the request of
counsel for the defense a postpone
ment was taken until 10 o'clock this
morning, as no witnesses were on hand.
"I'll blow this prosecution to pieces,"
said General Salomon after the ad
journment. "My defense will be short,
but It will utterly destroy any claim
that Leon Soeder murdered Joseph
Blaise." .
Other witnesses called during the day
were Captain of Detectives Martin,
who told of his Interviews with So«der
after the arrest; James Bowie, a cook,
who met Soeder after his return from
Germany, and told of a conversation
that had no bearing on the charge
against the defendant; and Miss Annie
Brown, habitue of a dive on Pacific
street, who says she called on the Val
lerta girls in an effort to induce them
to go to the County Jail to visit Soe
der. The Brown woman was a visitor
to Cooper at the. jail, and the alleged
trip to the Spanish restaurant was said
to have been made at his request.
FORGETS THE LANGUAGE.
court was given him after General
Salomon, chief counsel for the defense,
had made an attempt to Impeach his
testimony. The Judge ruled that a
broad cross-examination was out of
order under the agreement at the pre
vious adjournment. Salomon succeed
ed In showing that Cooper was now
a trusty at the County Jail and was
allowed the freedom of the corridors
from early morning until late at night.
In response to questions as : to
whether he had told two prisoners at
the County Jail,' named Murphy and
Fallon, that Soeder had never made
a confession to him, he answered tttat
he might have done so, but it was In
order to deceive them regarding the
facts.
Incidentally, some of the information
regarding the Soeder case which was
published exclusively In The Call short
ly after the murder, and which was
strenuously denied by the police, was
brought out during the testimony of
Detective Tom Gibson in the afternoon.
He testified that the woman at the
clothes-cleaning establishment, where
Soeder sent his gray suit of clothes on
the morning of the discovery of Blaise's
body, positively identified a photograph
of Joseph Nieblas, landlord of the
house where Soeder and Blaise roomed
just prior to the murder, as the man
who brought the clothing to the estab
lishment. Cooper has testified that Boe
der told him Nieblas had agreed to kill
Blaise, but "got cold feet." The alleged
connection of Nieblas with the crime
was also published exclusively In The
Call, but the police failed to investigate
fully circumstances that might have
proved a conspiracy to take the life of
Blaise.
? ing at Mirabel Park.
Division 115, Order of Railway
Conductors, will hold its sixth annual
outing next Saturday at Mirabel Park.
Those having the affair In charge have
made elaborate arrangements for the
entertainment of guests and an enjoy
oble day Is assured to all who may at
tend. A special feature of the occa
sion will be a speech by Uncle George
Bromley. The veteran Bohemian ran
the first train operated in California.
He will tell interesting stories of ex
periences in the early days.
The following committees are in
charge of the affair:
Committee of arrangements — F. E. Farley
• chairman) H. P. Speaknsan. J. P. Gleason.
H. L. Kent. A. B. Murray Sr. J. O. Paul, T.
J. Huct. C. M. Fieldir.e. T. BHIlngslea.
Reception committee — W. J. Hunter (chair
man). E. H. Shoemaker, F. W. Baiter. J. K.
Smith, Georpe- L. Colegrove. H. En{r»'!eM. J.
C. Klel<Jir.g. William H. Taylor. A. R. Holbert.
Floor c<->intn!ttrt — F. E. Farley (manager),
C M. FieUing. A. E. Sfcera. A. B. Murray Sr..
L J. Powers.
Division 115, Order of Railway Con
ductors, Will Hold Annual Out-
Merchants' Association Prepares Fine
Programme for Its Tenth Anni
versary Banquet.
At the decennial dinner of the Mer
chants' Association, to be held at the
Palace Hotel on the evening of May
25. the general subject of the address
will be "The Past and Future Work of
the Merchants' Association."
Supervisor . A- Comte Jr. will speak
from the viewpoint of the city official.
Dr. Hartland Law will tell how the
Merchants' Association benefits the
property holder.
Joseph Stulz, president of the Retail
Grocers' Association, will present the
view of the retailer.
Judge Hunt and Dr. de Vecchi will
tell what the professional man thinks
of the association.
COMMITTEES ARRANGE
FINE ENTERTAINMENT
PROMIXl^XT CITIZENS
WILL MAKE ADDRESSES
Cooper was the first witness in the
morning, and the instruction by the
Cooper grew white at first, and then
the blood surged back to his face. For
more than two minutes he studied the
seams on his shoes, quivering like an
aspen. Then he looked toward District
Attorney Byington, and the latter nod
ded to him. Still he refused to answer
until Byington put the question:
"Have you any change to make In
your testimony?"
"Nothing," he replied, faintly.
WITNESS nESTTATES.
"Yes."
"The court has no desire or Inten
tion of intimating in any way, either
that your testimony is true or that it
is false, but that you may have the
opportunity of correcting the game if
any of it has been untrue. I I inform
you that under the laws of tills State
any person who by willful perjury
procures the conviction and execution
of any innocent person is punishable
by death.
"With the knowledge of the penalty
attached in sftch cases, have you any
changes or corrections to make in your
testimony?" -
There was another sensation in the
Soeder case yesterday. For the first
time in the history of the Superior
courts a Judge admonished a witness
that perjury leading' to the execution
of a prisoner would constitute a cap
ital offense.
Judge Cook gave the warning, to
John Cooper, who has testified that
Leon Soeder, in the Broadway jail,
confessed in detail that he had mur
dered Joseph Blaise.
It was -evident from Judge • Cook's
manner "and speech that he was . In
credulous of the strange story that
Cooper told regarding Soeder*s alleged
confession of the murder of his broth
er-in-law. Among the Jury there were
indications of a similar disbelief of
Cooper's weird tale. - Trained attor
neys in the courtroom pronounced it
preposterous. Judge Cook's instruc
tion was as follows:
"Cooper, you understand that the
defendant In tills case Is charged with
the" crime of murder?"
"Yes," answered the witness.
"You also understand that the pun
ishment for mnrder in the first degree
may be death.?"
Alleged Recipient of Confes
sion Hesitates, but Final
ly Confirms His Testimony
INSTRUCTION UNUSUAL
•¦ . • •
i While a low-neck and spike-tail
Junction was In progress at Harmony
"I don't like to butt into a question
of shipboard discipline," said Judge
Cabaniss, "but as a landlubber I opine
that the assault complained: of was
justified by. the provocation. Case
dismissed."
To which the fireman responded by
assuming' a pugilistic attitude and
broadly insinuating that the engineer
was of canine ancestry. Whereupon
the engineer knocked, down the .fire
man, who had him arrested for bat
tery. /-;v;
When the good steamship Sonoma
was plowing into port day before yes
terday Second Engineer Kearny
dropped into the boiler-room and re
proved Fireman James Connors for
heaving coal into the firebox' as if his
life was dependent upon the quantity
he could get away with.
"This ship ain't engaged in a speed
contest," said the engineer, "and coal
costs money." < -*: ; ;
A very different kind of female
complainant in a somewhat similar
case was Mrs. Julia Roach of 31%
Madison avenue, who had her hus
band, John F., before Judge Mogan
for battery. She appeared fragile and
careworn, while he looked fit to fight
Jeffries.
"I don't mind being beaten when
I'm well," said the little woman, "but
in my present condition I cannot stand
it. My youngest child is only 4 weeks
old and the other five are hot old
enough to protect me."
"I was only fooling," the big fellow
muttered, shamefacedly. ¦
"There will be no fooling when I sen
tence you to-morrow," said the Judge,
"unless your wife follows the usual
custom of pleading that you are her
only means of support"
"Don't be afraid of that," the
woman exclaimed. "The children and
me will manage to get along somehow
without his aid." "-' '*v
Mr. Roach didn't seem to be happy
as he was returned to the cage.
"Then, as his physical superior, you
should have ignored him, as the ele
phant ignores the fly, instead of slap
ping him. His retaliation In kind
proves his possession of more courage
than I gave him credit for. The case
is dismissed, and, Mrs. Bruns, if there
should be another family jar I hope
you will be magnanimous in your
might."
• • •
Judge Cabaniss elevated his eye
brows and otherwise expressed in
credulity as Mrs. George Bruns, large
of frame and truculent of visage, told
of how her" husband, diminutive and
mild mannered, had beaten her. "The
worst of it was," she said in deep con
tralto, "he hadn't been drinking when
he slapped my face."
"Mary's a time you punched my
face," faltered the little man, with a
voice that would qualify him for en
listment in a boy choir.
"Oh, we won't consider that now,"
said the lady In tone dictatorial.
"Pardon me, madam," remarked the
Judge, "but it must be considered, be
cause it tends to prove provocation.
Did you slap him?"
"Well, he irritated me."
If eleven-year-old Paul Durney
hadn't played* "hookey" May 5 he
might still be obscure among the com
monplace youth of the Western Addi
tion instead of reveling In the admira
tion, not untainted with envy, of every
"kid" who knows him. For it was his
unauthorized absence from school arid
dread of consequent parental wrath
that indirectly led to his participation.
in a nocturnal adventure such as sel
dom falls to the lpt of any lad who
Is not a "Boys' Nickel Library" hero.
Having reason to suspect that his
mother had been informed of his tru
ancy, Paul dreaded a meeting with his
father, and decided to run away and
become a pirate or a bandit of .some
kind and make an immense fortune,
equipped with which he would return
home and purchase his parents' for
giveness. 'Til go you runnin' away,"
he proposed to Willie Cook, his chum
and senior by one year, but as the
evening was chilly and Willie hadn't
"played hookey," the proposal was
declined. Then Paul decided to become
a lone desperado, and with this deter
mination he sat down upon a bench
in front of Fred Held's meat market at
1303 Buchanan street, to map out a
plan of campaign. While engaged in
self-argument as to whether it would
be wisest to inaugurate his career of
outlawry by plundering a bank or bur
glarizing a candy store he fell asleep.
Then came the great adventure.
It was about 11 o'clock p. m., Paul
says, when he was awakened by a
noise and saw a man "monkeying"
with the lock on the door of the meat
market. He recognized the man as
one Dennis Gallagher, also known aB
"Happy Hooligan." and at once came
glorious realization that he was wit
vjiessing a real sure-enough burglary.
Holding his breath lest it might alarm
the marauder and spoil the episode,
Paul saw the lock vield to the key,
the door swing open, the man enter
the store, the cash register approached
and rifled, the burglar's exit and dis
appearance in the darkness. All- of
these things Paul saw with his own
eyes. The next thing he saw with the
same optics was the door standing
open. Then he saw that the recent
visitor had carelessly left a bunch of
keys and some slips of paper lying
upon a chopping block inside. A per
son older in years and possessed of
more discretion would probably have
summoned the police. But Paul was
sleepy, so he entered the store, pock
eted the keys and the slips of paper,
climbed into an ice box and resumed
his slumber. Soon afterward he was
again awakened by a noise and when
he sat up in the refrigerator and
peeped out he saw Special Officer Har
vey exploring the premises. The boy
made his presence known, explained
it as hereinbefore narrated and was es
corted to his home, where daddy was
so interested by his story that the in
tended whipping never took : place.
In the" court of Judge Mogan yester
day Paul was a voluble witness against
Gallagher and Willie Cook- and Johnny
Eager also testified. The case was
continued till to-day.
. • •
Judge Mogan expressed regret that
he could not convict Joe Brandi for
perjury. "For I have no doubt," said
he, "that you have committed perjury,
and that the acquittal of this man San
to Moscow is a miscarriage of Justice
caused by your false swearing."
Brandi complained that he- had been
stabbed in the neck by Moscow, and he
showed a deep knife wound to'substan
tiate his complaint, but subsequently
declared that he had merely been
struck with Moscow's fist and that no
knife was used by the latter. The men
are Italian scavengers.
"Uhl, remember him," said Bailiff
Hickey, addressing the prisoner and al
luding to the bench." Clerk Grey heard
the remark and chuckled so loudly that
the Judge asked to be admitted to the
joke.
1 "Best thing Hickey has got off in a
year," giggled the clerk; "he told Uhl
that he'll remember you."
His Honor's smile was strictly per
functory.
For stealing seventy pounds of pig
iron John Flynn was given four months
by Judge Mogan. William Uhl, who
6tole a cashbox containing trinkets
from Peter Dahl of 857 Howard street,
was sentenced to three months by the
same tribune.
• • •
William A. Small is held to answer in
the Superior Court the charge of grand
larceny. Judge Fritz pronounced him
guilty of embezzling some diamonds
from Mrs. Sinkey and fleeing to New
Orleans, where he was arrested. His
bail is $2000.
• * •
"Well, deal gently with a landlubber
Police Chief or Judge if you should ever
get him in your clutches. One good
turn deserves another. Reciprocity is
the life of officialism. Back to the bil
lows."
Charles Connolly, master at arms
aboard the transport Sherman, was
among the plain drunks dismissed with
a reprimand by Judge Mogan.
"Isn't a master at arms on shipboard
equal In rank to a Chief of Police on
shore?" queried the Judge.
"Yes, sir," was the answer.
. . .
John Radstone had a pistol muzzle at
his right ear and was about to pull the
trigger when Special Officer George
Farrell stayed his hand. "Whisky, I
guess," was Mr. Radstone's answer to
Judge Mogan's query anent his reason
for attempting self-destruction.
It was at 3:30 o'clock Tuesday after
noon and in a grocery at Third and
Mission streets that Radstone first
tried to take his life. He fired at his
head and missed, and then he went to
the sidewalk, where a second bullet
flew wide. As he had the revolver
pressed closely to his ear to make a
sure thing of the third shot Officer
Farrell leaped from a passing street
car and thwarted his purpose.
The man refuses to tell who he is or
where he came from. His clothing is
good and his age about 30 years. He
will be sentenced to-day for disturbing
the peace.
Hall, Fourteenth and Erie streets,
night before last Louis Prank applied
for and was refused admittance on the
ground that his costume was not en
regie. Then he posted himself at the
door and indulged in caustic comment
at the expense of persons properly ap
pareled for the affair. Among these
were Mr. and Mrs. Windsor. As they
were proceeding up the stairway Mr.
Prank yelled to the ticket-taker, "Don't
let 'em con ye. kid." Other ladies and
gentlemen were similarly subjected to
uncalled-for criticism from Mr. Prank.
"You may think \V§ funny," said
Judge Mogan to Mr. Prank, "to inject
discord into Harmony Hall, but that
prank is likely to be costly to you, Mr.
Prank. Come around to-morrow and
I'll tell you the rest."
Judge Cook Tells Strongest
Witness Against Soeder
That Perjury Means Death
Plays "Hookey," Dreads Parental Ire, Decides to
Run Away From Home and Is' Eye Witness of
a Burglary by a Man Whom He Fully Identifies
WARNS COOPER
OF HIS PERIL
ELEVEN-YEAR-OLD TRUANT
HAS THRILLING ADVENTURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL\ THURSDAY, MAY 19. 1904.
10
OfTorturintDisIiiurin;
Humors Use
1 ¦ ¦ • >
Every child born into the
world with an inherited or
early developed tendency to
torturing, disfiguring humors
of the Skin and Scalp, becomes
an object of the most tender
solicitude, not^only because of
its suffering, but because of the
dreadful fear that the disfigu-
ration is to. be lifelong and mar
its future happiness and pros-
perity.. t Hence it becomes the
duty of mothers of such afflict-
ed children to acquaint them-
selves with the best, the
purest, and most effective
treatment available, viz.: the
CUTICURA Treatment, con-
sisting of warm baths with
CUTICURA Soap, and gentle
anointings with CUTICURA
Ointment, the great Skin Cure.
Cures made in childhood arc
speedy, permanent and eco-
nomical.
Sold throughout the world. Cntfcur* 8e»p, Me., Olnt-
m»nt, We., R*«>!»«nt, «0c (in form of ChocoljteCojWd
FM», Me p«r tUI of 80). • DcpoU: London, 27 C*» rt "*
hou»«Sq.;P»rl»,a Buede U Pate; Borton^lST Colum-
but ATe. Potter Drnj * Chtm. Corp.. Sole rrop™« tor f- .
oarSend for " How t*' Curt Torturing, Vvtfuil*t
Burner i from lnltacy to AjO • "- •• -— ~
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To-morrow— another Anniversary climax. Come.
Share These Cut Glass Offers
Such as we never had before. Prices not only lower, but
the beauty more exquisite. ' ","*.'*'
tTake one of these $3 .95 water bottles with six
rosettes and star bottom; more than you usu-
ally get ior 9/ .00. ,.- •. . .
Then the jelly dishes at $2.85; large 7-mch
ones, with fire chrysanthemum patterns and scal-
loped edge. As pretty as any we have seen at
Celery trays at $3.10; value $500.
Salt and peppers at 25c are still good this
morning. However, many of the values we
started with Monday are not here this morning;
some to-day will not be here to-morrow.
3 — — ¦ 9 Go=Cart Interest
Kid Gloves At Hales.
59c Many styles.
CA dollar's worth of quality.) Y f st ' er f >' $I ~ 5 °
v ' J marked down to $8.95.
Florodoras - good, dressy Th{s mornin^ it ' s a
lambskins, perfect and right in «17 CH Tirr «11 Q^
every way, even if they are under- M/.SU at >*-»-^-
pr j ce • ¦ • A full-sized reclining one, in reed.
>T " , . _ , . closely woven sides, reed arm rests,
Not odd sizes, nor off- shades, nice]y uph olstered cushions of rep.
but a complete offering, even to the w ith deep ruffle satin parasol, strong
guarantee \ against imperfections. spring gear, in green; patent
A Hale value. ! Who doesn't want s P rin S on rubber tire wheels.
to share it to-day? For who Th e anniversary and what it
hasn't need for an extra pair of means in
summer gloves? •_ JrUHkS.
cr2if,c^i-» j.\\r • j-c »j. This is a good store.
Silk Shirt WaiStSuitS Here are good trunks.
$10.75 ahd $15.00 : To bring those facts closer
' Less -to pav titan the silk home \? >* ou tllan ever we have
. . r • made these prices :
aIo ! ie T $5.25 for a 28-in. One.
But look at the silk; see how a heavy duck covered one, 4
good i^ is — taffetas and pongees, hardwood cleats at the top. 2 at
in plain, fancy and changeable the , sid « and 3 on the bottom, as
ideas. Not one or two or three jg " cI b / a a t f "££"&£* I," ong
colors. clamps; even casters and a pair of
What a choosing and to come heavy straps. In the tray is a cov-
now at the beginning of sum- er^ d hat section.
;mer, when so many women are «?££, ££? S: &&-S3 mch M .
thinking of a two-piece silk 16.75—34 inches. $7.25—38 inches.
They have pleats on the front, £$L 4^^ ®'*H!p\
the back and the sleeves. , The M J&J™*' m^^Sr^SP
$15.00 one's have piping.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAIlETS.
Going out of business. Having sold
my lease to Olsen Bros., the store will
be closed on to-day (Thursday) and Fri-
day to mark down stock for sale
COMMENCING SATURDAY
MORNING AT 9 A. M.
WANTED—
30 salesmen.
30 salesladies.
12 experienced wrappers.
12 cash boys.
Apply between 9 and 10 a. m.
C. CURTIN,
911-913 Market St.
j \i H ever sold for a dollar H
HaS It DaWnSfl On YOU || and is equal to many M
that your linen looks just like now 11 P ens sold for a Iar g er g
when you have it laundered at the al- «_" \ price. gr
ways reliable U. S. Laundry? If you , W$& 1535
\m'H Flop to think of it you will remom- gf§| TY7\, rruzrzntpp «f \&£
ber that our work for you has always j |g| WC g«^antCe It g|
been Up to the mark. Never sent any ; &« f ully^ MonCV back fjM %
here? That's different. Why not sond j Egl 7 1 Hgf
roht* now and see what best class laun- |g| if Unsatisfactory* Pili
dering it?? Xo saw edges. ?£4 * 7 Egg
&txl FOR SALE BY g&
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY, B| S nA £. 1 $? T ? I 3S S
~~~--, Tclcptoae South 120i -J **»* • -. San Francisco. -
.. .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHICH'LL YOU PAY
tth? tailor for his name and tape or
Brown for fit and money saving? (
You're sure of your suit here— no dis-
appointment and vexatious "try-ons"—
You're sure of an immaculate fit, con-
cave shoulder, elongated lapel, snug
fitting collar. Don't buy a Spring Suit \
until you've looked ours over.
Straw hat time , Js here and a
LUNDSTROiVl
Straw hat Is In order. - 30 styles.
The ever popular Porto Rican, $3.50,
and some good $5.00 Panamas. Swell,
spring Derbies, too.* ¦ Our "Peewee"
still the winner.
Pacific CoastHat Works
1458 Market St.,
(Opposite Central Theater.)
And 605 Kearriy St.
K2 &7 Jy TJ3 gl B f^jj 0 Eg * S
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone Mala S522.
We have proved, much t» the profit ot
our patrons, that our ¦yitem Is correct.
You can utilize us In th» country as
profitably as In the city.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Spscials
CSEJIMEET BUTTES, par ¦». . 321^0
Rer. 23c. Our usual hlffh-rrada quality.
SA1TCS EGGS, per doz SS^O
AH larse select.
it. & b. B0fl£j CHxexmr aits
TUBKEY
44 -lb can 30c, 1-1% am 50o
Put one In your picnic basket.
ram I.UCCA OUT7X3 OXX,
quarts 50c, plats 30c
Rer. 53c and 35c
Why use inferior quality? Try thti.
CBESCSHT MACTKEBEI., per tin 180
Reg. 20c.
In mustard, tomato or soased.
CUSSAVT JSXiIiT, per jar 15o
Res. 23c. Curtice Bros.
WX2TSOW SCKEXSrS — Oak frames.
12x37 for 2Oc; res. 30c.
12x42 for 25c: re*. 33c.
1Sx33U for 25c; rer. 33c.
rXEZTCH MIXED CA2TDT, per 11} 33c
Rer. 40c.
Made of pure cream aad sugar.
0X1.1.0 — All flavor*, 3 for 23o
Reg. 10c pk».
Just the thin? for hot weather dessert.
SWISS CHEESE, per H> 37^0
Rer. 33c. Genuine Ementhaler.
O. X. BOUBBOK, per bot. 75o, ffaLS3
CALirORNlA BEAMY
per toot. 75c, gzl. $3.00
Rer. 51 and $1.
Here's a chance to fill your sideboard.
GZX.MA xTrarorEi., per bot. si.io
Rer. $1 25. The real article.
A. V. H. OIK.
...... Larye toot. $1.43, imall 35a
Res. 41 60 and $1 10.
Has treat medicinal qualities.
WHITE wjjB, per gnl..... 40c
A llsrht. refreshlnr beverare.
« I
I H Special Sales Ji j
| Bvery Week J-
| China |
I Crockery t
I Glassware \
I Bnarael Ware \
| Household Goods h
I o Watch Our 0 A
I W Prices Talk.^^S |
I X 1 1 Pays to Trade I g
I Great American Importing Tea Co's |
I StOreS as Third I
E 861 Market 210 Grant »t-. 1419 Polk M
I 140 Sixth 1819 Devisadero 705 1 .arkin M
I ITSHaixht 3006 Sixteenth 255 Hayes r
Eg 3285 Mission 521 Monts'y are. SS Market D
M 2008 FlDmore 2T.tr, Mission 146 Ninth R
B 366 Thirl 469 Fourth 3732 xtth M
ADTUIiilJI To " tay Co***- Cau»« («-
/i\ I fl VI l\ moved. - H«altft rmtored.
HU I 1 B I ' 1 1-* no mon Aattu&» or Uay .
L» U l\ L LJ p « HAROLD HATE*
VV " L4/ Buffalo* N. X.^J
HALE'S.VIEW OF THE GREAT MEMORIAL ARCH. THE GATEWAY TO THE GROUNDS OF STANFORD ITNTVEKSITY. AND THE 1
PRESIDENT OF THE INSTITUTION, WHO ADDRESPED THE CLASS OF 'Oi, WHEN NEARLY TWO HUNDRED STU- I
DENTS RECEIVED THE DEGREE OF BACHELOR OF ARTS. I
The annual outins of Holy Cross
parish will be held at Fernbrook Park
Thursday. June 2. Rev. Father P. L.
Ryan has general charge of tba ar
rangements tor the affair*
Holy Cross Parish Outing.
BERKELEY, May 18.— It has never
been given to any class to go forth
•from a university under auspices so
kindly as those that hovered about the
class of '04 of the University of Califor
•cla. There was a sermon by the men
and a prayer from the lips of nature
ar.d a benediction from out of the
mother's heart. It carried inspiration
.to every eon and daughter of the uni
\-ersity.
Nature stalked across the campus in
h. new spring mantle this morning and
waited patiently for the commence
ment hour. She soared over the Greek
Theater and shed light and warmth
upon the tiers of the classic pile. The
day was perfect.
President Wheeler's address to the
graduates was a spring running waters
of hope ajid truth. It was only a tale
cf things the world knows well and of
the Etuff that other commencement ad
dresses have been made of, but It was
good to hear. It Inspired new resolu
tions in every breast.
The addresses of Governor Pardee
and five distinguished graduates, rep
resenting as many colleges of the uni
versity, were no less interesting. These
speakers raised their voices in the pres
ence of 5000 people. There was a great
crowd in front of them and back of
them, upon the stage, faculties and
graduates in full academic regalia.
The academic procession, marshaled
by Professor Frank Soule, formed on
the campus an hour before the exer
cises'began. It was subdivided by col
leges and the long line, with its 700 men
and v.-omen In cap and gown, stretched
out like an army. The faculties, with
President Wheeler and Governor Par
<5e« and the aJumnl brought up the
rear until the. order of march was re
versed and then they marched through
the double line of students to the thea
ter.
EXERCISES BEGIN.
The commencement exercises began
with the Invocation by the" Rev. Carrol
llelvin Davis of the class of '79. The
tinging of a hymn by the University
•Glee Club was followed by the intro
duction of Herbert McLean Evans as
the first commencement speaker. Mr.
Ivans' subject vras "The Relation of
Eiology to Modern Life." and he said
In part:
At a time like the present it Is important
for us. while preserving the venerableTradl
tlcn« and all of the ancient functions of a
unlvertay. to yet bear In mind and If need
be. to have to our attention. iho»e.12
nlflcant offices which St has -ervedand |.
eerving in modern civilization.
Of theee cf flees certainly not the least Im
portant and perhsp* the most distinctive is
that of fosterin* and promoting scientific re
search. Thlh.- indtrd. can be no unworthy
aim of a university's effort, for the extension*
of the hortson of human knowledge in what
ever direction mun be deemed one of the
noblest activities of a frte «nd enlightened
I.'t u* consider lt« relation to the problems
cf human life. It is not raying too much to
aff.im that from the many brilliant researches
regarding the lower animals which the last
half century has given us we have grained new
Inrplratlon and l'grht Into Mill deeper ques
tions of the origin and destiny of man hlm
eelf. What is especially noteworthy, however
In this respect \ f the fact that from thii
study we have been actually led to a clearer
end mart accurate comprehension of the func
tions and life processes of the human body
The list cf the chief later contributions of
putt blolcrr to nwClcIw 1* lose. It begin*
SAN MATEO. May 18. — San Mateo
Is at length to realize the improve
ments which a large number of her
citizens have so long labored for. Th**
new Board of Trustees has taken hoU
of the work with a zeal that promises
the best results In very short order.
At the meeting last night the City En
gineer was instructed to prepare with
out an Instant's delay specifications for
the repaving of the principal streets
In the most approved bitumen method.
They are Second. Third and Baldwin
avenues and B street, the principal
trade mart. They also passed reso
lutions which call for the laying of
five-foot sidewalks throughout the en
tire section of the city lying west ot
the Southern Pacific Railroad, known
as the "Western Addition, and embrac
ing the greater part of the settled
area, both business and residential.
On many of these streets or portions
of them substantial walks are already
laid, but they are now to be made uni
form and universal. . A penalty or
dinance also was adopted by the board
requiring all houses to be renumbere-i
on the decimal system of 100 numbers
to the block. The Street Superintend
ent was directed to require all hedg-33
to be kept trimmed and all overhang
ing branches to be removed. In va
rious other ways the city is to be Im
proved and beautified under the al
most unlimited authority of the Vroo
man street law. The board is thor
oughly In earnest and will permit of
no delay in the inauguration and com
pletion of the' work. With the bright
prospect of a tourist hotel the future
of San Mateo is very alluring.
Walks Arc to Be Uniform
Throughont City.
Streets Arc to Be Repaved and Side*
SAN" MATEO TRUSTEES
ORDER IMPROVEMENTS
The main commencement address,
on the subject, "Higher Education and
Progress," was delivered by Dr. "O. L.
Elliott, the university registrar. His
speech dwelt mainly on the powers,
opportunities and influence of educa
tion in the world^ In a scholarly elab
oration of the thought that "in the
fresh page of childhood Is the hope of
the world," he showed how nations
are coming more and more to depend
on their youth and how the education
of. the youth is the great factor in na
tional development.
Dr. ' Jordan addressed -. a parting
word to the graduates after their, di
plomas were conferred. He spoke on
"The College Man in American Life,"
with all his characteristic force. " His
speech was brief, but -exceptionally
strong and full of meaning. In part
it was as follows:
This diploma of the university is now In
your hands at last. It grants you all the
powers and privileges which any diploma ever
g a v« — those which you have already. It cer
tifies - that you are youth of promise, college
men and women, ready for life — the life which
each of you is best fitted to live.
1 had occasion not long ago to say that the
future of our country, lies in the hands of
three classes of men — young j men, strenuous
men and college men. These constitute our
first, our second and our third estate, aa they
used . to say. in France, but with this differ
ence — which is air the difference In the world
— that • all three form * but ¦- one class. The
future of America lies In the hands of her
young, strong collere men. It- lies in , the
hands of - her young . men . because they " are
men of the future, because they can do
thine*, because the light of the new century
Is In their eyes, because the a«piratlona of
the new century nil their hearts.- because the
•wluiM ot freedom were - blowta* where * they
of bachelor of arts from Stanford Uni
versity at the thirteenth annual com
mencement exercises held-in Assembly
Hall this morning. In addition to the
regular graduates of the 1904 class
twenty-five students were recipients of
advanced degrees.
The ceremonies attending the. grad
uation were impressive. Promptly at
10:30 o'clock the candidates filed into
the hall and marched down the center
aisle between rows of admiring friends
and relatives. All the young ladles
were garbed in flowing black gowns
and scholars' caps, a becoming and
dignified costume for the occasion.
Bringing up the rear of the procession
were the aspirants for advanced de
grees, both ladies and men wearing
gowns with hoods, designating tholr
special departments of study. The
graduates , were seated immediately in
front of the rostrum and at the close
of the exercises, stepped upon the
stage" one at a time to receive their di
plomas from Registrar Elliott. Ap
plause, varying In intensity " with dif
ferent ones, was accorded each grad
uate.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May IS.
One hundred and ninety-seven young
men and women received the degree
A- college education means much more than
intellectual awakening, much more than mental
discipline. It means the capacity for team
work in the higher affairs of life. It means
the ability to act together. It " means tne
generalship of - sympathy, the power to know
men and to assign to each the work he can
do best and most loyally. It is this trait
of college men. the social trait, the moral
trait of loyal solidarity, which most appeals
to the world. It Is this which gives the ad
vantage to the college-bred men aa compared
with other men who may have- equal native
ability, equal skill, or equh-alent experience.
In considering the future of our country,
her power to weather storms or to solve prob
lems, her ability to cut the Gordian knots of
tangling tyrannies, we can not lay too much
stress on the part the college man shall take
He Is everywhere. He Is self-confidant reso
lute.- kindly. Joyous, tremendous and Irresist
ible. When need arises, he and his kind will
stand together. There Is a freemasonry amonjr
them beyond any grip or sign or magic pass
word. They know how to help each other
out. and they will do It. In face of th»
careless. Jesting earnestness, the terrible Jov
ial, conscientiousness of the college man. ty
ranny and superstition can not stand These
have their foundations in ignorance and dull
ness. The roan who knows and is not afraid
to do. with the free help of hundreds
of hi» own kind. ; will prevail against
disorganized stupidity. The college is no long
er an aacctlo resort, a dim cell where sxa
You will- find everywhere about you evi
dences of alt this. A typical college man is
President of the United States: typical college
men comprise his Cabinet; typical college men
hold positions of trust In every quarter. Har
vard men. with the down still on their cheeks.
Yale men. Princeton men, Cornell men. Cali
fornia men. Stanford men — young, strong and
skilled in team work — are directing niin- *.
are holding courts, are filling professorships,
are managing newspapers, are ministers to
churches, are in positions everywhere which
direct popular thought and control public ac
tion. Stanford is very younjr, with rery few
alumni — not one apiece for each of the many
cities of the United States — yet every city
which I visit, East or West. North or South,
seems to have plenty of them— one, ten. twen
ty, fifty maybe — each one the center of the
Stanford spirit, the spirit of team work, which
wo claim as our own. It Is Indeed our own,
our revised version, our Stanford Terslon. of
the true American spirit, the spirit of him
to whom "America means opportunity." the
opportunity to 'act and to help and to stand
together while we do It.
Because you are young men and strong you
shall be wanted for the life of action. Be
cause you have been trained in mind and In
morals, because you have a scholar's horizon,
because above all you have a sense of solidar
ity, because, in short, you are college men.
you will find yourselves devoted to the noblest
of missionary work — the service of a free
people.' •
Because action which counts rests on right
and conscience, and there is nothing endur
ing which Is not wrought by good men — be
cause of. the great deeds to be done by a na
tion of free men — our young men shall ee«
visions, like those of the prophet Jonah, and
these visions they shall live to make real
ities. ,
were born ami. reared. Xot that they will
be the cfflce-hplders of the country, although
some of them will become such; not that they
will have a clean sweep at the polls or a sure
thing at conventions, though some of them
may have this: not that they will carry the
mails or hold the postoffices. or go as consuls
to Zanzibar, or command the fleets, or be
deputy sheriffs, or do anything else which
draws the eyes of the multitude. Such po
sitions belong to service, not fc» leadership—
though service and leadership are never far
apart in the affairs of the republic. lie is
the leader who can forecast the future and
is not afraid to trust it. who understands men
and can brine out the best they have in them,
who can make his country respected because
he can help to hold her just and true and
thus worthy of respect, who can stand with
the party If need be but who can, in equal
need, force the party to stand with him. It
is - one hope of democracy that a man's in
fluence is not ahown by the office he holds,
but by the service he renders. If the service
be . moral and intellectual, to much more
does It count. .
play with their hijher feelings because- there
are no- other toys within their reach. It la a
little world in Itself, a world of open air
with a little of all the great world has to
offer, the same rewards, the same punish
ments, with a feeling of brotherhood, of loy
alty, of team service which shall be as pow
erful In the great world a* in the small.
You men and women of Stanford have pasa
efl through these lesser experiences. We now
commend you to the greater. Tou have ful
filled all our requirements, met all our petty
exactions, carried all the burdens we have
for four years scrupulously weighed and meas
ured and laid upon your backs. You have
shown yourselves youth of promise^ — young,
stron, loyal college men and women. Our
ration is waitine for you outside the campus
-ate. To our nation we commend you In the
fullest hope and confidence. We shall know
a Stanford man in the life of him that over
cometh. of him who stands for truth and
Justice, who never losea h!s hope or his tem
per and who is never ashamed or afraid.
Great Audience Witnesses Annual Function and
Hears Address by David Starr Jordan.
"The Chivalry of the ..Legal Profes
sion" •was the subject of the address by
Fred Louis Dreher of the class of '01
and now of ' Hastings College ¦ of ] Law.
Mr. Dreher spoke of the ' sacrifices of
men in the legal calling: and rebuked
the traducers of Its honorable men.
Miss Elizabeth Arnelll . of the College
of Letters then addressed herself to
"The College Life of Women," 6aying
In part:
The collese world is practically : the name
everywhere. It has Its politics. Us clubs,
papers and what not, e-ach lndlsoensable to
eome part of college life. All its students
hare the same aim whether they axe at Vas
sar, Barnard or California. They have come
for knowledge . that win fit them to do their
part In life best Each school has its own
tradition*. Its own methods: but all m « . u t*e
¦am* end.
- An ideal ' physical environment has given our
observatories acme of the best, opportunities
for celestial Investigation that the world af
fords; our mountain ranges, the very hills
before us, afford. geologists .wonderful and In
structive lessons in the past history of our
earth. Their strata have yielded not a few
remains of bygone life of remarkable Interest
•nd hitherto unknown. And for biology itself,
where. Indeed, could we go for rarer opportu
nities? With the facilities for research which
the laboratories of this university already af
ford, and the increased facilities' which they
untimately will' possess.' we have but- to turn
our attention to the myriad life which nature
has no lavishly nourished in hill and dale, and
In all the waters about us. The blue sky of
the Greeks bends perpetually above us; a placid
tea touches ¦ our shores. ¦ a sea : whose waters
teem with life. Here also there* must- ulti
mately rise marina stations even more favored
than those which have so nobly served biology
throughout the world.
You may then well be glad that the uni
versity has her place In this most - Important
of Industries Into the secrets of nature, and
that in so kindly and favored a clime, her
•ons may "strive to seek to find and not to
yield."
STUDYING THE UNIVERSE.
Through the patient, ceaseless work of our
Fisheries Bureau biologists have , taught us
the distribution- and habits of our chief food
fishes and the proper conservation of these re
source*.
If we pass from the domain of ths. alleviation
cf human suffering, into more general spheres
of public life; the service of biology has th*r
ali"5 only begun to prove Itself. It affects
vitally the entire status . of public health and
sanitation.
But besides our knowledge of the oompo
t-itiun of organic bodies by minute cells we
have now acquired an Insight Into the normal
and i.atho!ouical activities of the ceil: we
kr.otv how jor .instance, it divides, moreover,
mucli of how development proceeds; and con
sequently we have reached a solution of long
mystericus phenomena of development and
heredity. The names foremost in this inquiry
are thofe of the rhief biologists of the cen
tury. whn*p researches were, in the main, on
f»uch humble animals a« the plug, the worm,
the commen frog, the sea urchin.
More than thi«. the triumphs I of the last
few vfirs In ih* . conquest of Infectious dis
ease have owed much to pure biology. Who
Is r.ot stirred with gratitude for the work of
that Frcn.h biologic who. years ago. laid th«
foundation of the serm theory of disease and
¦cnaa treatment by his careful analysis of the
diseases afflicting the silk worm? and cattle
cf his native land. Louis Pasteur. More re
cently Etiil, as you will all remember. In the
admirable discovery of the true cause of . ma
laria, it required a biologist at a critical point
to Qflermir.e Just which of the mosquitoes —
anoph'-les— transfers that dreaded parasite. It
K Indeed, enly a few w«eks ago that, to the
glory cf American rood sense, a distinguished
zoologist. Professor Calkins, was Intrusted by
the physicians concerned, with the task of de
scribing and working out the life cycle of the
parasite In smallpox, an investigation already
ro far advanced as to Justify the , wisdom of
thfir choice.
»ith the announcement of the cell theory by
a botanist. Schwann. In 1838. His discovery
led to the whole study of minute anatomy,
a eubjett which has yielded much fruit in the
comprehentlon both of morphology and of the
phyelolory of the tissues. Indeed it seems
row that we trece all problems ultimately to
the cell.
And h* cannot look upon the researches of
to-day or follow the discoveries *»hieh hav*
brought medicine to its present stage without
taking a keen interest In the history of it.
development. - - ""
He finds that the greatest error* were com
mltted by men who preferred to theorise rather
than epeijd their time in accurate observation
and Just aa Sylvius <ot the fifteenth centurr
tallowed -th« doctrlnei formulated by
"The Educative Character of Medical
Study" was the subject of the address
by George Asa Harker of the medical
department. Mr. Harker devoted him
self briefly to the problems that a stu
dent entering the profession must face,
saying in part:
• The medical student realizes that his under
graduate work is the leant part of hln medical
study and that he is necessarily limited dur
ing, his course to work which in many direc
tions can be at most suggestive. He has pre
sented to him certain phases of different
studies, each having mere particular signifi
cance In lt« relation to the modern conception
of medicine, in that as he advances the stu
dent finds that he has unconsciously ralneri a
point of view; that he has become a fair
critic of medicine. He learns to appreciate
the value of work that is being done rnd looks
toward the. still unsolved problems with a
personal interest.
This is the life that tells, the life that
Isolde a raw freshman Into a strong, capa
ble and cultivated woman. It gives her high
Ideals, yet provides her with means of at
taining them. She has a well stored mind
but best of all. she Is sincere and generous,'
with a fervent desire to do her part in the
world well, whatever that work may be.
• So it Is that the average college woman's
life Is a busy one. full of college work and
outside activity- Her day is one continual
mixture of work and play — with its recita
tions, its study, committee work, rehearsals
snd exercise*, not to mention those happy
lazy hours when she and her. best friends
talk and build their castles Jn Spain. And
so she lives healthy, happy, keenly interested
in all about her.
This typ» Is the one to which the true col
lege woman should and does conform. All
recognize this fact. ¦ and each college In its
own way tries to accomplish these results.
The mental and physical development com*
of necessity. The conscientious ntudent feels
that she rr.uet complete her hours and do her
gymnasium work. Then. too. there Is basket
ball. tennK rowing. All are offered In such
tanglbl- and evident forms that one cannot
avoid them. But the side that often needs
the greatest development cannot be brought
under the courses of study and Is overlooked
by the girl herself. There must be t«jme
thlng to rhange the raw girl Into a refined
woman. This *oc!al side of a girl's charac
ter Is at such a stage of development when
she comes to college that college life may
make or mar it. And so this mu«>t of neees-
Flty be the chief formative power, at least
for the girl away from home. For the ac
complishment of this very definite result the
Conditions of the Eastern . wnnvin'p college
seem more auspicious than those that now
obtain • in this university. The students make
their homes in either a dormitory or cottages
with the teachers. They work' together have
their good times together, become a' unit.
Then the personal influence is felt correcting
imperfections, giving refinement and ease of
manner.' *
TYPE FOR WOMEN*.
But true to th» Greek standard, "nothing
too much.*' she has taken also her share of
fun. her share of the work in outslds activi
ties. This i» the all around college woman.
Her education Is mental, physical, social. She
comes, to the college to develop a well rounded
character, not to be phenomenal in one re
ypect, insignificant In another.
Of the many women students, one finds that
the same ceneral type* are everywhere. There
Is the clrl who makes college one long task.
She has no time tor anything but work, and
i«jfcs inlo college and comes out again the
same . eirl, except that fche know* more of
Latin roots than fhe did before. She has no
greater knowledge of people, nor appreciation
of life. In direct contract to her Is the girl
who does r.othinc, the college butterfly. Her
Plight is even more deplorable.
The third type 1? the Ideal one. First of all
i>he- is a student. To her college has a serious
meaning, for its is the preparation for her
future work, whether it be home-making or
a rTofession. So she does her work, even if
she is working her way. or has (.tht-r duties
outside. These may affect the amount of
work she dees, but not the quality. She may
not be a brilliant student, but* she is far
above the average. So w must reccgnlze the
student side as the strongest.
FEATURES OF THE COMMENCE
MENT EXERCISES AT THE UNI
. VERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
Speeches by Pres
ident and the
Governor.
Thousands Attend
the Interesting
Exercises.
Max Thelen addressed himself to the
subject of "Practical Leadership," in
which he pointed out the obligation of
the students of the university and the
service they might render their, alma
mater by honest leadership and initia
tive. He said in part: ,
College trains men to be leaders. At the
same time it trains these leaders to use their
power for the good of society. When college
inests college and tram meets team the athlete
struggles not for himself, but for the student
body which- la behind him. He who leads
for the sake, of his fellow-students will In
after life lead for the sake of his fellowmen.
This is the kind of leadership which the world
demands. It is the kind for which the college'
man should train, himself. It is the kind for
the development of 'which the' university fur
nishe* abundant opportunity.
Great have been. the services of .universities
In the creation of scholars. No less necessary
and useful are mtn who can apply their trained
thought to the realm , of practice. He who
make<i a labor-saving Invention, who leads
men toward good' government, who makes their
lives more useful and .happy, has not Jived
in vain.
Tue world needs practical college men
men who lead • in- order that they may serve.
May many such go. forth from this university!
Upon Governor Pardee devolved the
duty of presenting to the officers' of '.the
cadet regiment their commissions. Be
fore this formality ,he delivered a brief
address, calling upon the. graduates to
uphold the honor of the university
always.
President Wheeler announced the
award to Calvin O. Esterly of the Conte
Fellowship and to Max Thelen of the
university, medals for scholarship. He
then delivered the following: address,
preliminary. to, the formality of deliver
ing the degree*, saying In part:
Members of the : graduating classes of : all
I'rojudlce . and Ignorance of the simplest
facts cf bacteriology and physiology are large
ly responsible for disease, and even in his
und' rgraduate clinical work the etudent finds
himself facing not alone the problem of heal
ing, but that of educating.
It Is here that he begins to see the new
meaning of his medical . work. He finds that
his peculiar study nnd training have given
him a value in the community beyond the
mere technical performance of bis duties as a
physician.
There must nlro be a willingness to keep
In touch with the development of laboratory
methods, many of which have become Indis
pensable to tlie modern workfr In medicine.'
And because financial success Is possible
without th«4ie factors the individual can easily
drift into habits of Inaccuracy and indolence.
The moral- to -be drawn is twofold: The
necessity of training the senses and the will
ingness to use them.
TWOFOLD MORAL.
so men now are only, too to accept
without question the results of others.
Address of welcome. John Dondero; vocal
«o!o. John Paiton: class history. Catherine
Morrison: r'an° *olo. Kben Gay; addre*a. Ben
jam'n David: vocal solo, class ?ong. John Pax
tor: class prophecy: vocal -solo, John Dondero;
farewell address. John Paxton.
Seminary class — Katherine Marguerite
Brown. Huston Bishop. Violet Claire Brown,
Anita Boone. Anna Ruth Munger. Edna Ber
teland Bradley Belle Spencer Stanford. Hazel
Hill. Gladys May Tarry. Lutte Ruth Cook,
Aiys Marian Matnhart, Uheta Lorraine Kahn,
Mildred Blake. Helen Hadley. Winifred Mar
garet Coombe, Helen Hortense Burgess. Merrll
Fiourney Rice, Ceta Bennett, TtVietta Worth
ing. Margaretta (Huff. Carrie Belle McKay.
The c!ass day exercises of the
Deaf. Dumb and Blind Institute
at Berkeley were held this afternoon
in Strauss Hall, where the following
programme was rendered:
College class— Ethel wynne Potter Gardiner,
Mary Alexander Craig, Gertrude Stuart
Holmes. Helen Dorrance, Anna Isabelle
Frandsen.
OAKLAND, May 18. — The com
mencement exercises of Mills College
will take place to-morrow aftennoon
at 2:30 In Lisser Hall, when the fol
lowing graduates will be presented
with their diplomas:
Annual Class Day Exercises at Deaf,
Dumb and Blind Institute at
Berkeley. .
MILLS COLLEGE, GRADUATES
RECEIVE THEIR DIPLOMAS
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, May 18.
The largest number of alumni of
the university that have ever come to
Berkeley for commencement gathered
this afternoon at Hearst Hall to take
luncheon ind talk over the affairs of
the university. This was the twenty
tifth anniversary of the class of '79.
and that class was given the place of
honor. Governor George C. Pardee
answered the toast to '79, and spoke
of himself as "the youngest graduate
of the younpest class." The prominent
members of the class who attended the
reunion were O. K. Knapp and Dr. C.
M. David, the latter of whom had
come from St. Louis to attend. Clin
ton Day 5f the class of "63 and one
of the pioneer graduates was one of
the guests.
Edward Booth, '77, the vice presi
dent of the Associated Alumni, acted
as tnastmaster, and responses were
made by Dr. David, Governor Pardee.
Judge J. R. Aiken. J. E. Roadhouse
and Professor Moses. Professor Moses
spoke of the good old days and re
ferred with regret to the "Florodora
days" that have come upon the col
lege. The pretty girl graduates who
acted as waitresses showed their dis
approval of this statement by setting
up a vigorous murmur. Every one
thought the tilt between Professor
Moses and the girls was a good ' joke,
and so the incident passed.
Professor Bernard Moses.Re
grets the "Florodora" Days
and Girls Hum Disapproval
DK. PABDEE SPEAKS
Graduates of University of
California at a Lunch
Talk About the Old Times
ALUMNI MEET
AROUND TABLE
BENIGN SKIES FAVOR HALCYON HOURS OF BERKELEY'S COMMENCEMENT;
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY MARKS CONFERRING OF DEGREES AT STANFORD
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
Pages 1 1 to 20
Pages 11 to20
Continued on ' Page 14, Column 6.Kentucky Oaks for Audience.
LOUISVILLE. May 18.-7-Churchlll Downs
summary:
First race, four furlongs — Herllda won, Josie
second. Harlequin third. Time, :Sl.
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Ponca
won J Sidney Walker, second Gorey third.
Time. l:03K. . •
Third race, four furlonirs — Pendragon wen,
Scotch Irish second. Wood Clair third. Time,
:CO44- "' * ''
Fourth race, the Kentucky Oaks, one and a
sixteenth miles— Audience 117 (Helperson). 9
to 5 won* Outcome 112 <A. W. Booker) 4 to 6,
second; White. Plume 112 (J. Hoakei), 10 to 1,
third. Time, 1:61. Vestlna Bella, Tapldlla
and Varlora also ran. ¦ ¦ •¦ •
Fifth race six furlongs, selling — Fleuron
won. Quiz II second, Hyram W third. Time,
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards — Rose
mond won. Horton second. Schrlbcrigan third.
Time, 1:46. .v" '- .
Keefe Is Hit Opportunely.
TACOMA. May is.— The second
game of the series went to the Seat
ties because they hit Keefe succes
rlvely and opportunely. On the other
hand, young Hall pitched .a good
and kept the heavy Tacoma
Flugirers pue?sing. Hannlvan and
Mohler made home runs. A decision
Jn ¦which C Hall was called out at
second' for not touching the base,
thereby cutting oft two more runs for
Seattle, called forth a loud protest
from the visitors. Score: / • ¦
Tacoma- I Beattle-
AB.R. n. P.A, AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle. rf.B 0 1.1 0 YnHl. cf.4 0 10 0
Hanr, cf.5 2 S 0 0 Mohl, 2b. 4 3 12 1
Ehee. 3b. 3 0 1 2 0 Delht, 3b.4 2 2 4 3
Eatran. 6.2 1 1 1 2 Frisk, If. 5 0 0 10
Casy, 2b. 5 112 4 Smth. rf.B 12 10
McU, If. 3 0 10 0 nr»h. lb.5 1 3 II 2
Grab c.4 0171 RHall. s.5 0 8 1 4
Hnga. lb.4 O 0 14 1 Blksp. c.O 0 16 1
Keefe. p. 3 0 0 0 2 CHall. p.5 1 1 1 3
Total*. 34 4 9 27 10* Totals.42 6 14 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 102 100000—4
Ease hits ....2023101 00—9
Seattle 0 0 2 0 2 0 2 1 1— 8
Bask hits 02222131 1—14
SUMMARY.
Errors — rlannlvan. Casey, McLaughlln C.
Hall. Struck out— By Keefe. 7; bv Hall, 5.
Bases on balls— By Keefe, I; by Hall, 8.
Hit by pitcher— By Keefe. 1. Passed balls-
By Graham, 2. Stolen bases — Doyle. Two-base
hit — Graham. Casey. C. Hall Brashear. Smith.
Home runs— Hannl van, Mohler. Sacrifice hit
— Var.hattren. Double play — Casey to Eacran
to Hogan. Left on bases — Tacoma, 11; Seattle.
10. Time of game — Two hours fifteen minutes.
Umpire — Hueton. • ¦
Whnlen Fools the Browns.
PORTLAND. Or.. May 18.— The
opening of the series of the home
baseball teanv with San Francisco was
a line exhibition of mosquito league
ball. It was really too cold to play.
The sky was overcast and the ground
rather damp. The Browns could do
nothing with Whalen and the visitors
cinched the game In. the first Inrfing,
before Ely's men were warmed up.
The score:
Portland— San Francisco—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Drnan.cf 4. 0 1 1 ( Hldbnd.lf 4 110 0
fpencr.Cb 3 0 1.3 2 Aaldn.cf 3 220 0
KarfMj.If 4 0 0. .3 Ci.ieany.rf 3 0 110
UcCde.rf 4 0 0 2.0 lrwin.3b. 0 2 1 5 2
ra«tro.Sb 4 0 12 2 Mlller.s.. 4 10 2 4
Ueck.lb.. 4 0 0 8 0 Reltz.2b.. 4-0 1 OS
Franc!?. g 4 0 0 2 1 Mavt-y.lb 4 0 2 15 0
ttelmn.c. 3 0 1 C 4 Leahy.c 4 0 1 40
Druhot,p. 10 0 0 3 »Vhalcn,p 4 0 0,0.3
Totals. 31 0 4 27 12 Totals. 35 6 0 27 14
' RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. •
Pcrtland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Bare hits 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 1 0 — I
San 'Francisco.... 4 0 0 0 0 10 0 1—0
Bate hits 3 11 0 0 2 0 2 0—9
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hits — Meany 2, Miller. Errors—
Sptncer. Nadeau, Castro. Beck, Francis,
L*-»by. Stolen bases — Meany, Spencer, Wald
ron, Irwln. .Bases on balls— Off .Druhot 3. off
Whalen 2. Struck out— By Druhot 2. by
Whalen 4. Two-base hits — Waldron. Steelman.
Double play— Reltz to Miller to Massey. Left
on bases— Portland 0, San Francisco 0. . Hit
by pitched ball— Whalen. . First base' on errors
—San Francisco 3. 1 Time of game— 1 hour &nd
45 minutes. .Umpire — O'ConaelL
Just what ultimate effect the action
of the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany will have on the Sausalito and
local poolrooms is a question the pro
prietors of the latter are not yet pre
pared to say. Although the withdrawal
of the special wire service was rather
unexpected, it did not materially affect
the business at Sausalito yesterdajv
Sansalito Proprietors Get Eastern
Results From Private Agencies.
POOLROOMS STILL OPEN".
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Ella Snyder, Kingraine,
Mackey Dwyer.
Second race — Gloriflcr, Thomas en
trj, Britisher.
Third race — Palmbcarer, Unmasked,
Coppella. .iil'&i
Fourth race— Dolly Spanker,- Tho
Southerner;'. Ostrich.
Fifth race — April Shower, Baikal.
Tlppecanoe. - .;^
Sixth race — Ascetic. Lady Pru
dence, St. Galein.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
Manager Harris may make one or
two changes in his team when it re
turns from the north on Tuesday, but
will do nothing, without . consulting
Captain Irwin. Los Angeles will prob
ably let one man go when Toman re
covers' and Seattle will flght it out "to
the end with'the same line-up. '•*.*
Oakland Is crippled by the tem
porary loss of Lohman'a services, but
Jimmy Byrnes makes a more accept
able change catcher than did Boet
tlger. Lohman will' probably bench
young Streib and alternate Moskiman
and Graham in the outfield now that
he is again in front. v
With the baseball game of yesterday
the entire complexion of the Pacific
Coast League pennant race was alter
ed, Oakland going into first place and
Seattle Jumping from fourth to sec
ond position, while Tacoma dropped
two holes and Los Angeles one.' This
afternoon may see another complete
switch, as a game won or lost by any,
of the four leaders will cause another
eruption in the percentage table. For
well-balanced teams and closeness of
the contestants the race has never
been equaled or even approached in
the West. Portland is the only team
with no . chance to win the flag for
the first half of the playing season.
San Francisco is not distanced by any
means and with a couple of good
weeks against Portland may pull up
on even terms with the leaders or at
least within striking distance for the
run home.
Pennnnt Race Changes.
''-'¦•*.- j> *» .•
New York i .^ 4V * .,
Detroit 1; » ,*.
Batteries— Powell, Wolfe and McGulre: Mu!
Hn and Wood.
PHILADELPHIA. May IS.— Rain fell dur
ing the greater part of to-day'g game, but In
spite of the weather the Holding of both team*
was nood. Philadelphia won from St. Lnul.
by superior work at the bat. Attendance
1400. Score :
R. H. E
SI. Louis 4 11 1
Philadelphia n 13 j
Batteries— Morgan. Petty and Kahoe; Plank
apd Powers.
"BOSTON, May IS.— Boston-Cleveland game
lOFtponed; rain.
WASHINGTON, May 18.—Washington-Chi
cago game postponed; rntn.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. »lay 18.— Detroit defeated
New York «n the third geme of the present
series to-day. Thn visitors hit the ball har-1
and knocked Towel! out of the box' Jn th'
eighth inning. work behind th.
bat was very poor. Attendance. 270(1. Score-
ST. LOUIS, May 18.— Rain put an end to
the game between St. Louis and Philadelphia
li. the second half of the tlfth inning to-day.
Attendance, 2300. Score:
R. II. E.
St. Lrfwls 3 5 2
Philadelphia 2 4 a
Batteries — Nicholas and Grady; Fraser and
Ruth. Umpire,' Zlmmer.
CHICAGO, May 18.— Chance won to-^ay's
game by sendlne one of Garvln's benders to
the right field bleachers for a home run. Tho
gome was closely contested, but the errors of
bolh teams were costly. Attendance, 1500.
Score :
R. H. E.
Chicago B72
Brooklyn 4 5 2
Batteries— Brown and O'Neill; Garvin and
H?rren. Umi>lre, Moran.
CINCINNATI. May 18.— Cincinnati-Boston
game postponed; wet grounds.
PITTPBURG. Slay 18.— Plttsburg-New York
game postponed; rain.
Sends One . of Gnrvln's Benders Into
the Risrht Field Bleachers — Rain
Stops St. Louis Game.
national League.
FRAXK CHANCE'S HOMER
WINS GAME FOR CHICAGO
WORTH SELECTIONS.
First Race— Dixie Lad, Palmdale,
Arthur SOlwell.
Second Race— Alma Girl, Marlin,
Sir Launcelot.
Third Race^ — Luzarion, Peggy Mine,
Seasick.
Fourth* Race — Big Ben, Vestry, Tho
Regent.
Fifth Race — Itainland, Blackuolf,
Foresight.
Sixth Race— Thane, Spenccrian,
Postman.
Third race, Dcllpse course, selling — Un
masked lie. Alack 114, Jack Ratlin 114. Scho
harle 119. Palm Bearer 100. Toupee 100. Stalker
100, Florlzel 100. Copp Lla 98. Vagary OS.
Oriskany VS. Cathruth 93.
Fourth race — Mile and a sixteenth, the Pc
cantlco — Ostrich 12G. Dolly Spanker 120, The
Southerner 116, Robin Hood 113, Brlarthorpe
113. Palette 111, Tol San 111.
Fifth race, eeven furlongs, selling — Honolulu
11C, April Shower 118, Baikal 104, Tlppecanoe
102. pt. Gallen 102, Champlain 97, T. L. Ro
heEia 97. Male Hanlon 90, Tol San 95.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, purse — Ogontz
110, Oscetlo 110. St. Gallen 110, I* Prudence
105. Shipshape 105.
First race, six and a half furlongs, celling —
Joe Corn 110. Klncraln 108. Locket 103, M.
Dwyer 102, Grantsdale 101, Ella Ryder 101. M.
Hanton 100. Faranlaes 100, Princelet 99, Tom
Lawson 99, Memphis 99, Champlain 93. J. Den
ton 93. Bobadll 93. Hydrangea 84, Florlzel 84*.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, purse^ —
St Bellane 11&» Niblick 116. Dr. Swartz 115,
Glorifier 115, M. Amour 112, Gamara 112. Brit
isher 112, Councilman 112, Veto 100. Rise of
Dawn 109.
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
First race, ; Caybon, Myrtle White,
Ilrlck Fowler. -.;. ,
Second nxec — Jardin de Paris, Cap
tain Brolnskf, Passive.
Third race— Blue Blaze, ' Mcran,
Mordclln. . ,,.'. "\\ "." ;.
Fourth race — Ingolthrift, Lynch,
Alflo.
Fifth race — King's Chnrm, Pathos,
Dnwson.
Sixth race — Sweet Charity, Tlckful,
Velasquez.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
The proprietors were equal to the oc
casion and had the results of the races
telegraphed them from the East by
private agencies. The change* meant a
delay in the news of about fifteen min
utes. Joseph Harvey,- who is the head
of the largest poolroom in Sausallt<->.
stated last evening that he had failed
to learn anything definite from the
Representatives of the telegraph com
pany relative to the future stand of
the company, but he added that he and
others Identified with the poolrooms
were hopeful of entering into some ar
rangement with the Western IJnion for
a resumption of the special service.
Failing in this plan it is the intention
of the poolroom men to employ agents
at all the race tracks and have them
telegraph the race results to the rooms
on this coast. An association of pool
room men throughout the country, the
main purpose of which would be the
securing of a quick service by wir*
from the tracks to the different con
cerns, was also suggested by several of
the gamblers as a possible outcome of
the action of the telegraph company.
So far none of the local poolrooms
have closed, and their proprietors, the
majority of whom run cigar stores,
claim the withdrawal of the telegraph
service will not affect their business,
for the major portion of them depend
entirely on the results of the races aa
published the following day and pay
off at the oriccs at which the horses
were quoted on going to the post.
CINCINNATI, May 18. — The La
tonia Derby at a mile and a half will
be run to-morrow. The prospects are
that at least half a dozen high-class
three-year-olds will face the starter.
Lonsdale will probably be the favorite
at even money, Ed Tierney, from the
stables of Fay & Weimhoff, second
choice at 3 to 1, and Elwood, the
Kentucky Derby winner, will be third
at about 5 to 1. The other horses
carded In the big event are Moharib.
Proceeds, Brancas, Salivate, Japan and
Comrade. Holtman and Dwyer will do
the starting, Charles F. Price will be
presiding Judge, William Letcher han
dicapper and John B. Dillon clerk of
the scales. j
Racing To-Day at Latonia.
Commissioners were started from
Chicago to the racetracks yesterday in
anticipation of the step taken by the
telegraph company In discontinuing
racetrack information so far as book
makers, saloons and sporting head
quarters are concerned. These commis
sioners were delegated to arrange for a
special private service to go into imme
diate effect. The big rooms were open
as usual to-day and expect to do busi
ness on a larger scale to-morrow. The?
gamblers expect the enforced elimina
tion of competition from saloon-keep
ers, cigar dealers, barbers, billiard
halls and similar gathering places will
provide a harvest for them,.
Believe Action of Western Union Will
Improve Their Business in Cliicajo.
CHICAGO, May IS.— The gamblers re
ceived another "body blow" to-day
when the Western Union Telegraph
.Company withdrew its racetrack ser
vice forthwith. By some chance the or
der became known to tne big men of
the fraternity two days ago. In conse
quence preparations had been made to
meet it. Instead of being a fatal
blow the order proved a source of re
joicing to the members of the so-called
"trust" in that it put the small fry out
of business, leaving a clear field to the
bookmakers with large capital and
other powerful resources.
BIG BOOKMAKERS PLEASED.
. ENTRIES FOR WORTH RACES.
CHICAGO, May 18.— The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track are
as follows:
First race, four and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds — Mldalma 107, Green Rose 107.
Dixie Andrews 107. Racenla May 107, Arthur
Stlllwell 107 Eckersall 110. Colonel White 110.
Jim Canale 110. Dixie Lad 110, Palmdale 110.
Rather Royal 110. Garvlce 110 Mel wood 110.
Lucky Charm 110. "West Brookfleld 110.
Sec<yid race, one mile, selling — Arthur 01.
Misanthrope 01. Nannan 06, Florence H 97,
Lord Touchwood 99. Alma Girl 101, Eleven
Bells 101.- Sir Launcelot 104. Marlln 106, Clon
mell 106. i
Third race, five furlongs two-year-olds —
Seasick 07.- Seaworthy 100, Sterling Price 100,
Milton Young 105 Broadway Girl 107, Peggy
Mine 107. Clara Berry 107. Luzarion 115.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, handicap — Bay
wood 93. Rankln 03. Commodore 100, Vestry
100. The Regent 103. Big Ben 118. (Vestry and
The Itegent Ooldblatt entry.)
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Jerry
Lynch 100 Blackwolf 105, Foresight 105 Rain
land 108.
Sixth race, one mile and one hundred yards,
selling— Just So 85, Spencerlan 90. Mamselle
07. Early Eve 93. Postman 90. Rabunta 100,
Hermencia 103; Barkelmore 105, Gravlna 107,
Thane 110.
Weather cloudy. Track fast.
ENTRIES FOR DELMAR TRACK.
ST. LOUIS, May 18. — Thursday's
Delmar entries are as follows:^
First race, six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up. Belling— Klnlock Park 107. 'Brick Fowler f>3,
Orarien 107, 'Little Giant 102, Cybon 95 Eii
canaba 107. Aransas 104. Dagger 104, 'Myrtle
Second race, four furlonga, two-year-olds,
eelllng — Jardln de Paris 111. Happy Chappie
103, Passive 103, »A Lady 101. Tommy CXHara
102. Caotaln Broaskl 100, 'Sylvan Belle OS,
Btrnardena 05.
Third race, six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up, selling— Blue Blazes 107. 'Meran 104. Mor
della SS, "Clifton Boy 99,' Tommy Foster 102."
Fourth race, seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and up. selling — 'Frank Rice 105, Blue Miracle
107. 'Ingolthrift 03, 'Lynch 102,' 'Alno 109. -
Fifth race, mile and 'a sixteenth, three-year
olds and up, selling— 'Pathos 103, «Klngs
Cnarm 89. 'Dawson 100, 'Potente 104. ¦
Sixth race, six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up, selling— Echodale 112, Velasquez' 109.
•Venus Vlctrix 102, Hweet Charity 107. »Tlck
fill 1 04 '
•Apprentice allowance.
When Canole enters the ring he will
have as one of his advisers the veteran
Martin Murphy. His manager, Jim
Connelly, will select the other two men
to-day who will be in Canole's corner.
Joe Angell and Jack Burke have served
Canole as sparring partners and have
profited by his cleverness.
Canole Is down to weight at h's camp
at Croll's Gardens In Alameda and
hereafter he will do nothing but light
work. He and his trainers are satis
fied with his condition and should the
clever Canole go- down to defeat before
Battling Nelson it will not be because
of poor form.
Canole has eliminated boxing from
his dally programme and most of his
exercising Is done on the road. He
went out for a four-mile spin in the
morning yesterday and during the aft
ernoon repeated the performance.
Nelson did his last boxing yesterday,
as he will take no chance of Injuring
his hands on the eve of bo important
a battle. His manager, Teddy Murphy,
wants to bet $400 against 5500 on Nel
son. He thinks these are the proper
odds in view of Canole's showing with
Britt.
They are unlike in the matter of
fighting, for they adopt an altogether
different style. Canole is clever, with
wonderful epeed and a great "left hand.
He uses a vast -amount of foot work
in his contests. Nelson is a' rugged
fighter, who Is willing at all times to
take a punch, to give one and in the
matter of assimilating punishment It
is said he has Kid Broad outclassed.
He is an aggressive fighter and his
ruehing-in tactics have made him an
idol around the Middle West, where he
Is best known. Nelson Is game and is
possessed of a good punch in each
hand, but he relies more on his decided
aggressiveness to wear his opponent
down. With opponents showing two
distinct styles of attack It is usually
the case that the best sort of a fight
results. The aggressive fighter keeps
the clever one on the jump and forces
him to put into action all the clever
ness he possesses to avoid his oppon
ent's rushes.
Martin Canole, the clever Massachu
setts lightweight, will engage Battling
Nelson in a contest at Woodward's
Pavilion to-morrow night that Is to be
governed by the straight Queensberry
rule system of milling. It is carded to
go twenty rounds. The men are evenly
matched as regards ring records and
past fights and in the matter of weight,
but Canole is a shade the taller of the
pair and he has a little the best of it
in the matter of reach. Both are
youngsters of perhaps twenty-three
years and both have been milling
something like four or five years.
Neither has ever been knocked out.
PETALUMA, May IS.— The weather
turned line to-day for the races at
Kenilworth Park and the track was
fast. H. Stevens' geldlns John Boggs
won the first event handily. S. J.
Jones* Misty's Pride won the second
easily, as did Priestllke the* third race.
M. A. Stephenson's mare Homage ran
a good race In the fourth number,
going from last place at start to first
at the wire. She was 15 to 1 in the bet
ting. The fifth and srxtn races were
closely contested. Nullah took the
fifth, well ridden by George Bullman,
the brother of Jockey John Bullman.
Harry Stover's Illowaho took the sixth,
heading the field at the stretch turn
and leading to the wire. The news of
the pool-room trouble was received
with rejoicing by the Jockey Club As
sociation and by the bookies. Prepa
rations are being made to accommodate
the greater attendance expected at th«
track. There has been some talk of
extending the meet. Summary:
First race. «e:ilngr. $20O, four- y^ar- olds. flv«
furlcn**— John Bogga (117. Smith), 8 to 6.
won; Royal Whlta (114 Fountain). 8 to 1.
second; Be» RonawaUr (117. Clark). I to 1,
third. Ttm». 1:02*4.
Second race, purs* $200. thre«-ye*r-old».
three furlong» — Misty's Prida (111, Buxton).
2 to. 5. won: Abydoa (108 Vlckery) 13 to 1,
¦econd; Tltua (11&. Clark). 7 to 1, third. Time.
j jiPL
Third race, •elllnr. $200. four- year-olds, flr«
furlon**— Priestllke. (\\2. Croaswaite) ft to 1.
won; Hercules (122. Boxeman), 2 to 1 aecond;
Wllna (112. Sullivan). S to 1 third. Time.
1:02%.
Fourth race. «eiyn». $200. one mil*. thr»«
year-olds — Homage (111. Buxton), IS to 1. won:
Anlrad (93. Fitzpatrlck). 3 to 2. second; Maud
Brown (39. Sullivan). 20 to 1 third. Time,
1:43%. ¦¦:'-,
Fifth race, gelling. $200. tlz furlongs, three
year-olds — Nullah (»8 Bullman) 8 to 1. won:
Headwater (107. Fitzpatrlck) 13 to 1. second;
Mlmo (102. Roach). 1 to 1. third. Time. 1:13V«.
Sixth race, selling. $200. one mile three
year-olda — Illowaho (116. Vlckery). 8 to 3.
won; Scherzo (107. Stewart). 7 to 2. aecond;
Nellie Iiawn (100. EYerson). 13 to 1. third.
Time. 1:43.
The entries for to-morrow's races
follow:
First race, five furlongrs. three-year-olds and
up, sellins — Frivolus 106. •Macnttooe 101.
Kasnarock 10S. Minnie A 03. LJzzle 'Ward 105,
•Era D so. Miss May Bowdlab 9-i. Maxtresa 91.
Cr!«;ll »3. 'George Black 80w •Vonzollern 107.
•Juan Eelardo 10U.
flecond race, one mile, four-year-olds and up.
selling — The Toller 107, *Blandura> 87. Frank
Pearce 1CS, The Stewardess 10<>. Young
Morello 111. Duke of Richelieu 108. *Oassenzo
103. Edra 102. 'Red Tip 10«. »T«ufel 89. Monte
zuma 104. Nel!le Bawn 100.
Third race, four furlongs, two-year-olda, aell
•lnip— llerldla 110. 'Usht of Day 108, Only
Jlmmle 113. Steel Wire 110. "Harthus 105.
Bon Ami 110. 'Lady Minora 1C3. Emily CalU
han 110. *Lady Blanter 10S, Ed^ecllff 110. Iron
Kin? 113.
Fourth race. one. mile, four-year-olds and up.
selling — *Mia» Vrra 101. Sam Laxarus Bsq. 111.
Bee. Rosewater 102. Dr. Worth 104. "Vasallo 103.
•Eaforzado 09, Lazano 108. • Judge Voorhles 10 - J.
LJttle Secret 106, •Matt!- Clark 07. Borus Bill
10m. P?an 1CS.
Fifth race, five furlongs. thre»-year-elds arvi
up. selling — St. Philipina 1GS. Brennus 111.
John Bogss ll>5. Suburban Queen 111. Amaxa
1CS Kmshee 113. Dollie TVelthofT 110. Our
Pride 110. 'Benlash 104. 'Facts 90. »My Sur
prise 106. Titus 111.
Sixth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up,
selling — 'North Went 05. Chickadee 105, Possart
110. J. V. Klrby 107, "Cloche d'Or 100. *Leas!»
1W>! •Moor 1C2. Colonel Anderson 107. •Petrolt*
100.
•Apprentice allowance.
There were two hours of turbulency
yest&tlay afternoon at Recreation •
I'ark. From almost the start to the
close Morley's men kept the tempera
ture of Umpire Jeunness at fever heat, J
and at one period an assault was made j
upon him that narrowly missed bring
ing down his curtain for the balance
uf the day.
Jud Smith was again leading man
in the time of embroilment, and. with
Flood, was relegated to inactivity in
the sixth, a squad of policemen being
needlessly summoned to the field to en
loice the ruling of the court.
. It was Smith who nearly brushed
BVBjr the sunlight from the muchly
criticized vision of the badgered ref
eree. Ganley had traveled to second
en a slnzlc and steal, and daringly es
sayed to score on an infield play.
Smith claimed that Ganley cut out
pome of the distance and did not touch
the third corner. The form of putting
out the runner was gone through, but
Jeunness allowed the run to score, as
lie had been watching the play else
where. The customary controversy
followed, ivith Flood as chief debater,
and while the umpire was walking
toward the plate from first base Smith
put all the force at his command in
throwing the ball at Jeunness. The j
mitsslle whizzed by the face of the I
umpire. The order of retirement then j
west into effect.
Cravath was another sufferer. He
was inclined to be sarcastically lo
quacious, and as a result will find his
I ay envelope 110 shy at the end of the
month.
It is but fair to eay for Jeunness that
had the 6ame decisions been made by
O'Connell or McDonald they would
have been accepted without such vig
orous protests. There seemed to be a
disposition on both Eides to take ad
vantape of the newness of Jeunness
and of his uncertain tenure of office.
As for the game itself, it was main
ly a right for supremacy between Pitch
ers Newton and Schmidt, with both
men doing strike-out work. In the
third Newton fanned out the side.
The solitary run of the champions
•vvas made In the third on Spies' pass,
steal and "Wheeler's single and a wild
l>itch.
Oakland scored one in the first on
Ganiey's walk, double steal and New
ton's bad throw to first. In the sixth
Oanley singled, stole second and went
home when Kruger hit down to Flood.
There was another disturbance in
the eighth. Ganley and Kruger singled
and each advance on a steal. Spies
threw do'.vn to third to catch Ganley
napping, but the ball rolled away and
Wheeler held Gnnley, preventing him
from running. Jeunness permitted th^
runner to came home, and more talk
was indulged in. The decision was
clearly a just one. A double by Dev
ereaux brought in Kruger. The score:
\jom Anjrele» — I Oakland—
AB. K. H. P. A. 1 AB. n. H. P. A.
Wh^r.Hb 3 0 110 Ganly.rf 3 3 2 1 O
Flood.Sb 2 0 0 4 2 Krnks.6s 4 0 0 12
*;rr.ith,^b 2 0 0/O O Krupr.cf 41131
lirnra.cf 3 0 2*1 1 t>vrux,3b 0 1 1 I
Crvth.rt. 4 0 0 2 lSchfly.2b 3 0 0 0 A
llotMf-. 4 0 0 2 0 J.gtrb.lb 2 0 10 0
hp.2t.-lb 4 0 13 X T Strb.lf 2 0 0 10
Pplee.c. 3 1 1 !» « HjVf.c 3 0 ' O 10 1
Newton.p 4 0 O O 3,£chnj<2t.p 4 0 114
Kymd.r* 10 0 1 Oj
l^*er.lb OOO1O. Total*. 27 4 6 27 12
. ToUfcOO 1 5 24 S|
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Ur Ar.fr.I- s O 0 1 0 00 0 0 0— I
Haw hits 00110110 1—5
Oakl&cd 1 0 O 0 01 0 2 x — 4
lias* hits 0 0002 103x6
SUMMARY.
Stolen bar<?s — Ganley f4), Kruger, Wheeler
t'i). Flood, Ueraard, Spies. Errors — Franclcs.
D*ver*aux, Prfcsfly, Chaee. Fple*, Newton,
n&pt-r. Two-I.ase hit — Devereaux. Sacrifice
hits— J. BUvib. T. fitirlb, Eaper. First base
<n rrrort — Lo* Anpeles, 1; Oakland, 1. Flrft
Jiare on railed balls — Off Newton, 4: off
Srhmldt. f>. Left on bases — Lo« Anteles, b:
Oakland, 3. Struck out — rjy Newton. 7; by
frbmlflt, B. Double playa — Krujrer to J. Strrlb;
r>roa.rd to Raymond. Wild pitch — Schmidt.
Time of game— 2:00. Umpire — Jeunnesa.
Cubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. I* Pet.
Ptklutf ..28 -M .r.s3.U)s Ang...2S S2 .660
teattlf ...-»;. 19 .67}" tan Fran. .21 27 .4-".S
lucom* ...27 20 .574 iFortland ..11 33 .2S0
STAXDIXO OF THE CLUES
The New York Telephone Company,
which is also accused of "aiding and
abetting" the services to poolrooms,
advised" Police Commissioner McAdoo
to-day that It would at once remove
the telephone wires from the East
Forty-second-street house, which was
raided yesterday. This is said to have
been the headquarters or "central" of
a chain of poolrooms. Further, the
company promised to see that both
wires and instruments are taken out
of the subsidiary places^ — poolrooms
which received accounts of the racing
from this "central."
The effect of this order Is far-reach
ing and will result in the discontinu
ance of what has been called the racing
department of the Western Union Com
pany. This department has collected
and distributed racing news from the
various tracks In the country to sub
scribers. Hereafter the company will
transmit only, such messages concern-
Ing races as are regularly filed with It
for transmission.
For the present Western Union of
fices, as has been the habit In the past,
will be maintained at race tracks for
the transmission of press dispatches
and private messages, but these offices
may be discontinued later.
The executive committee of the West
ern Union had a brief meeting to-day,
at which were present Chauncey M.
Depew, Morris K. Jessup, Russell Sage.
Samuel Sloan and Jacob H. Schlff.
President Clowry reported his action
and the executive committee approved
it. ,
"President and General Manager."
NEW YORK. May 18.— Following his
action In discontinuing to all sub
scribers in this city a report of the
racing at various tracks In this coun
try. Colonel Robert C. Clowry notified
the general superintendents of the com
pany at New York, Chicago, Atlanta
and San Francisco that to-day the col
lection and distribution by the Western
Union Telegraph Company of horse
race reports would be discontinued
forthwith. The text of the notice to
the superintendents reads aa follows:
"It has been decided to discontinue
forthwith the collection and distribu
tion by this company of horse-race re
ports. You will please act accordingly.
Acknowledged receipt. (Signed)
"ROBERT C. CLOWRY,
Owing to Their Different
Styles an Exciting Bout
Is Looked For To-Morrow
Pitchers' Battle Between
Xewton and Schmidt With
Both Effecting Strike-Outs
Patrons of the Resorts Are
Unable to Wager With
Same Freedom as Formerly
Poolrdom Troubles Are Ex
pected to Benefit the Sport
at the Petaluma Track
BOTH ARE AT. WEIGHT
BETTOKS EMBAEEASSED
Time, 1:50 VI. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, G. C. Baker's ch. g., 4, by Lamp
lighter-Imperial D. Wellesley 109. Nabock
lith 117. Bourke Cochran 105, finished as
named. (Uranium 108. left.)
SIXTH RACE — Three-year-olds and up; one
mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. 91 Fini
11 to 5 — Gasllghter, 113 (Wallace) 2 8 H 1 nk
8 to 1— Jerry Hunt 114 (Dale). 113 2 1
6 to 1— Exapo, 105 (Cocolo).. ... 3 2 2 3 nk
FIFTH RACE — Three-year-olds and up; six
furlonzs: • •
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— L. Hunter,103 (W.DavU) 8 16 12
8 to 1— Fl.Wreath.108 (Schickel) 9 3 2 2 8
lfftol— Gen. Prig, 107 (Troxler). 2 4 2 3 6
Time. 1:23%, Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. GefTney & Allen's b. m., 4, by Longstreet-
Vavasour. Flora Levy 07 Dominis 10G,
Pyrrho 101, Rencaw 104, Echodale 109, Dr.
Cane 109, finished aa named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds : x
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. Fin.
17 to 10— Harmakls. 108 (Rice)... 4 4 2 13
3 to 1— F. Collins. 105 (J.Hensy) 7 2 3 2h
7 to 1— J. Doyle. 103 (Wallace). 1 1 h 3 1 .
Time, 1:25%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, O"NealI & Eagan's ch. c. 3. by Albert-
Montrale. Muscovolr 105. Allen's St. Luke 103.
Toner 105, Sadie Burch 103. finished as named.
Time. 1:1S. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. SchWa-bacher** b. m.. 5, by Prince of
Monaco-Glpgy Queen. Duplicate 110, Maud
Wallace 110, Blazon 102, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
four-year-olds and up: "s • ...
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
vS to 5— Sting, 105 (Plunkett) 4 2^12
4 to 1— Satchel. 105 (Vanderbout) 3 1 y, 2 15
5 to 2— D. Shute, 107 (Troxler)... 1 5n.3h
SECOND RACE— Four furlongs, purse, two
year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— A Oldham, 114 (McMul) 2 14 17
5 to 2— PI Revere. 103 (DAustn) 12 3 2 3
18 to 5— All Black. 100 (Wallace) 4 4 3 2
Time :57. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
O. G. Parker's b. c. by Gallantry- Pearl
Barnes. Besterllng 103, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, May 18. — Mud proved
no bar to horses running to form to
day and most of "those winning first
money were heavily played by the tal
ent.
Judge Murphy posted a notice yes^
terday that any person making pub
lic charges of fraud In connection with
any race will be barred from the
course. The action was taken as a re
sult of the unfounded charges made
by Goldblatt and John S. Bratton
against Jockey Troxler. Judge Mur
phy stated this order was not to be
construed to include legitimate news
paper oriticiam. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
four-year-olds and upward.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % - Fin.
4 to 1— O T Shoes. 102 (Barron) 9 7 V, 1 %
5 to 1— Nan Dora, 105 (H.Slv). 3 5 h 2 2
6 to 1— Mathllde. 102 (Stoval).. 6 2 ft 3 2
Time 1:19. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. Mrs. .W, F. Freeman's ch. m. 4, by Onon
daga-Swlfture. Lady Hasbrouck 102. Crisslda
107. Amlnte 110. Faqulta 105, Eva Belle 105,
Dusky Secret 107, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs;
Illghweight handicap: three-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
13 to 5 — Phaon. 112 (Burns) 4 21 lh
7 to 1 — Gold Dome. 104 (Philips) 2 4 h ZT%
2 to 1— Himself. 119 (Odom)... 1 C 2 3 5
Tlm». 1:35. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. Oneck stable's ch. c. by Fonso- Lillian
Beatrice. Brigand, Gananogue. Melstenslnger
nnlshtd as named.
FIFTH RACE — About two miles; steeple
chase; four-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Titian. 149 (W. Heider) 7 2 8 11
4 to 1— Tom Cogan.HO (C.Gren) 9 4 6 2 25
20 to 1— Dick Roberts.lSC (Brnh) 6 6 1 3 30
Time. 3:55. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner. Mr. Chamblet's b. g. by TUbonus-
Duchess. Grandpa. Bonfire. Farmer's Foe,
Confederate Gray. Kumshaw. Manilian. Flying
Buttress finished as named.
FOURTH RACE *-" Withers mile; selling;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6to2— Akela 113 (Odom) 11 6 1 11
15 to 1— Fort Plain. 105 (Hlgglns) 7 5 1 2 h
20 to 1— Stonewall. 110 (Travers). 9 9 2 3 1%
Time. 1:42. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, Oneck Stable's b. g. by G. W. Johnson-
Virgie Johnson. Keynote, All Gold. Kilogram,
Canteen. J. F. Ahearn. Clnclnnatus, Dark
Planet and Hiawatha finished aa named.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs; selling;
maiden two- year-olds: . .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Gray Lad.98,(H.PhlIIIps) 8 B^lh
5tol— Estella J, 104 (J.Martin) 9 4 h 2 2
15 to I— Nevada, 94 (Crimmons). 2 11 3 %
Time. :K». Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner, J. J. Fasrel's g. c. by Esher-Graylock.
Asterisk, Tommy Waddell. Sportsman. Mata
dor. Hildebrand. Flavor, Massa, Jerusha, Blue
Print. Raiment. Euchre, Ike S. Madame Satan,
Jungle Imp, Maxey Moore,. Yorkshire, Sweet
Lillian, Lineal and High Life finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs
relling, two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Mer Lark, 104 (JMart) 6 B 2 1 %
6 to 1— Virgo. 95 (Hildebrand). 4 4 1 2 4
0 to 1 — Antimony, 107 (Burns) 6 6 h 3 2
Time :52. Start fair. Won cleverly. Win
ner. W. B. Leed's b. o. by Jim Gore-Twitter.
Tarpon. Sufferance, Montlbello. Preen, Irish
Jew, finished as named.
Rob Roy waa the first to win for
Knapp. Under Hildebrand's vigorous
riding this son of Sir Walter landed.
There were many spectators who
thought Carmack, who rode Marjo
ram, took things too easy and did not
realize he was losing until too late.
Thanks to George Odom's superior
strength over the average jockey,
Akela, his mount in the fourth event,
won that also for Knapp. The horse,
a poor beginner and slow to get his
enormous stride into full swing, left
the post last. He was compelled to
run around his field and then came on
down the incline in close pursuit of
the swerving Keynote, which, for a
wonder, had made the running. After
Akela came Fort Plain and Stonewall,
and these three made the hottest fin
ish of the day, Akela winning by a
small marffin.
In the last race Gold Dome exhibit
ed far more life than in his previous
effort and the rail birds were prepared
to see him run well. He was beaten
only by the Oneck stable's Phaon, a
strapping son of Fonso, upon wfhlch
Burns had the mount. Summary:
FIRST RACE — The Eclipse course, three
year-olds and upward handicap.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. SC % Fin.
6 to 1— Rob Roy, 109 (Htldebr) 1 2^ lh
Even— Marjoram. 116 (Cormck) 2 1^23
9 to 1— Oriskany, 100 (Travrs) 5 5 10 3 4
Time 1:11. Start very bad. Won driving.
Winner. Oneck Stable's ch. g. by Sir Walter-
Melody. Tim Payne, Gold Saint, Palette, Tom
cod, finished as named.
MORRIS PARK, - May 18.—Thor
oughbreds, owned by H. K. Knapp,
one of the stewards of the Jockey
Club, who runs his horses in the name
of the Oneck stable, won three times
to-day and ran second on another oc
casion. ,»
filXTH RACE — Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
14 to6— Marco, 304 (Nlcol). 4 3 Vi 1 n
2tol— Zyra, 105 (Henry) -.7 0 0 2 3
10 to 1— Zibla, 102 (Webb) 2 11 32
Time, 1:14 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. Arthur's br. s. by Ben All-San
tuzza. Anna Beall 107, Emigre lOfl. SWeet
Tooth 109, Frank Kenney 114. Suave 104, fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; two-year-olds ;
selling. •
Betting. Horse, "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 8— Azelina. 07 (J. Booker). ..8 3 4 12%
10 to 1— Mart Gentry. 97 (Oliphant)9 6 1 2 h
4 to 1— Del Carina, 105 (Larsen)..2 4 2 3 2
Time, 1:012-5. Start (rood. Won easily.
Winner, Mrs. M. Corey's ch. f. by Balgowan-
Mirs Lynch. The Trifler 05, Ravlnia »2, Lil
lian Ayres 107, Alcazy 93. Lady Fashion 107,
Tada 106, Dipper 06, finished aa named.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs, purse, three
year-olds and upward.
Betting. Horse. Weight.. Jockey. St. % Pin.
Even— Fl King. 101 (Larson). 4 1 2V$1 n
8 to 1— Big Ben. 117 (Prior).. 8 2 2^2 5
S to 8— B Ormonde, 114 (Henry) 1 43 3^
Time, 1:13. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, H. Gardner's br. c. by Glganteum-Rosa
Reglna. Mindora 107, . Abola 99, ' finished as
named.
THIRD RACE— Mile and seventy yards, sell-
Ing, three-year-olds and upward.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
12 to 6— Nlaxus, 105 (Henry).,. 2 9 3 1 n
25 to 1— Peeper. 100 (Johnson).. 4 4 12 2
4 to 1— Gt Eastern. 97 (Olipht) 6 3 18 1
Time 1:4«. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. 8. C. Hildreth's b. f. by Charaxus-Nlola,
Benson Caldwell 107, Jack Doyle 107, Marcos
105. Albany Girl 88. Ryevale 90, Irma's Choice
100, Nannan 100. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; two-year
olds; selling:
Betting. Horse, WelgHt. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1 — Creole Jim, 107 (Larsen)..7 4 n 1 1
12 to 1 — Triumvir. 09 (Johnson).. 5 2 h 2 3
la to 5— Dusky, 102 (Nicol) 3 In 3h
Time, 1:14 2-C. ' Start good. Won easily.
Winner. R. A. Smith's ch. c. by Rappeio-
Gertrude. Freckman 100. Arab 105, Reginald
112, Mlmon 07. St. Paula 102. Ghats 09, St.
Merrylegs 07, Sol Smith 102. Oaxaca 07, Bam
boo Tree W. Ethel Scruggs 102. Wlldere 10O,
finished aa named.
CHICAGO, May 18. — Despite a poor
card, a good sized crowd witnessed the
races at Worth track this afternoon.
Five of the races on the card were
selling affairs. Floral King, at even
money, was . made favorite in the
fourth race, the feature event of the
day, and barely got the verdict by a
nose from Big Ben, the 5 to 1 third
choice. It was a desperate finish and
Big Ben would have won in another
stride. Beau Ormonde, second choice
at 8 to 5, was third, five lengths back.
Only two favorites won. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; lour-y ear-old
and upward; selling: '
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Paramount, 105 (Miller). .8 6h 1 1&
7 to 1— Joe Martin. 110 (Haack)..2 11%2 2
3 to 1 — St. Cuthbert, 107 (Henry)..* 8 2^3 h
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. S. Raney& Co.'s ch. f. by Maxlmo-
Tessa. Charlie Grainger 111, Annu 100, Weird
102. Bnowdrltt 103, Julia Junkln 10O, Half a
Hundred 107. finished as named.
CHAMPIONS LOSE GAME
MEET MAY BE EXTENDED
Canole and Nelson Cut Out
Boxing Entirely for Fear
of Injuring Their Hands
Jud Smith flakes Target of
the Umpire' and Nearly
Scores Iuiock-Out Throw
Western Union Ceases Its
Eating Service Through
out the United States
Fifteen to One in the King,
She Finishes First After
Being Last at the Start
Horses Run True
to Form on a
- Muddy Track.
Hildebrand's Ride
Lands Rob Roy
First.
Floral; Ring Just
Beats Big Ben
a Nose.
FEVERISH DAY
FOR JEUNNESS
FIGHTERS REST
FROM TRAINING
TICKERS SILENT
IN POOLROOMS
HOMAGE RUNS
A GRAND RACE
ONECK STABLE SENDS THREE WINNERS
TO THE POST AT MORRIS PARK TRACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
WESTERN UNION DISCONTINUES ITS SERVICE TO POOLROOMS
The charsre for telephone conversa-
tion between London and Parts has
been reduced from $2 to $1 for ji three
minute talk" . • —
Fishermen Fill Their Baskets.
? w. L. Johnstone, assistant passen
ger agent of the Pacific Mail Company,
In company with Howard Black Jr.
found rare sport on . Sunday in the
pools and riffles of Purisslma Creek
and each fisherman brought home a
well filled basket.. Between them they
secured seven ty-flve trout. Black get-:
Ung fifty and Johnstone twenty-five.
There were, other fishermen.! out, but
few., of., them had the luck, of John
fitoue and Black. SENS
Tim McGrath received a telegram
from Jack Munroe last night, dated at
El Paso, Texas. The challenger for the
heavy-weight title,' held by Jeffries, is
due here at 8:30 o'clock to-morrow
morning.
Jack Munroe -Approaches."
KANSAS CITY, May 18.— EJm Ridge sum-
First race, five furlongs," selling— Josette
won. Alma Dufour eecond, Whoa Bill third.
Time. 1:05%. ¦ ¦ .
Second race, four and a half furlongs,
maiden ,t»;o-year-old»— Drag* Kid won. Glee
man second. Huxle third. Time. :r.9%.
Third race, six furlon«, »elHnK— Ooldflnder
won, BlumenthaJ second, Ad Smith third.
Time, 1:18%.'
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, purse*—
Felipe Luco won. Injunction second. Time,
1 :63. (Two starters.)
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Fir Andrew won. Berry Hushes second, Soc
doliairer third. Time, 1:18%. •
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Mainspring
won. JinKler second, Henry of, Frunstamar
third. Time. 1:48%. ¦
Elm Rldffc Racing.
12
Alleged Impostor Arrested.
SidneV Foster, aged 23 years, was
arrested yesterday and charged at the
CTFarrell Street Police Station with un
lawfully tampering with the cash boxes
attached to telephones in» -private
houses. Foster claimed. to be employed
by the telephone company.
Swollen glands, tumors, white swelling, sores, pustular {^^&jj&
or scaly skin eruptions, flabby muscles, brittle bones, weak & jP^PIr
digestion, emaciated, illy-nourished bodies, are some of £*% Wc*^|vi ; \
the well ; known earmarks of Scrofula. Scrofula is inher- ;
ited. Parents too closely related by the ties of blood, or f^^^^^P^k
tainted with consumption or blood poison, may look for y^^m^'-^/fJ
signs of Scrofula in their children. The middle-aged often >5fl;";i<^*i^>^r
have it, but children are the chief sufferers. Scrofula *^ ¦*^->*±~*'*
breaks down the vital forces, * Cleveland, Ohio, Av*ust 11.1903.
and the blood becomes SO I inherited Scrofula from my parents, and this
w «,i- - nf i noor that it docs not means, of coarse, weak, impure/blood and a rnn-
weat. ana poor xnai " aoes not down li 8 biUtateVl condition of th« system. I have
nourish the body. The rem- been under treatment of physicians for quite a
edy in all scrofulous affec- g-Jg £*Sg3&wfig: -& t^J3&S3?£&
tions must be one that purifies winter when I took it. It promotes appetite and
thedisttseTblopd. builds up
the weak digestion, increases to toeing an excellent blood purifier, it adds to its
the aODetite and p-ives new snecess as a remedv for Scrofula. It dirt raore for
uic appetite uqu give:> new mo t fc an any thin* 1 havoused. and witb pleasure
energy and strength to all 1 commend it. uss. ¦LOUISE COHEN,
life's forces. No medicine has 122 Browneil St.
won so much fame as a blood purifier as S. S. S., and its tonic effects upon
S^»^ 1 the system are not equaled by any other remedy. It
|^^ f?N makes the weak, tainted blood rich and strong, and
drives out of the circulation all tubercular deposits
KJ) KJ 1 } and morbid matter that cause the glandular swelling,
sores, abscesses, tumors and other horrible symptoms
that make Scrofula so dreaded and dangerous.
• Write us fully about your case. Medical advice will cost you nothing . .
THE SWiFT SPECIFIC GO., ATLANTA, GAm [.]
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
CIGARS (5S
taTSOFTEK ;
URH SSL <£&£AlV/f0Jl2) {
" : .&*' . . !/;•
50 «
URGE SIZtL --r=-^
¦• ><* c '¦ <±Z£Vfi£jfr
tSf^^S^V^. - /•" C.MS6T SUiXTO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN"
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscriber* contemplatinr a
change of residence duxinar tne summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify
ing- TEE CAIiL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
•rest ia all towns on the coast.
; ABERDEEN— Arrived May IS — Stmr Santa
I Monica, hence May 14; schr F. S Redfleld.
, from San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed in May 18— Nor ship
Theodor. hence May 4. for Port Townsend.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 18— Schr Ban
gor. for San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May IS— Schr
Bangor> from Port Gamble.
COO6 BAY— Sailed May 18— Stmrs Czarina
and Arcata. for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 18.
Stmr North Fork Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Celia, Nordberg. Albion.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Portland and As
toria.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. May 18. '
Stmr Centennial. Strand. 79 hours from
S*-atile.
Htmr £«n Juan, Urry,' 22 days from Pan
ama.
Bite San Buenaventura. Lembke. bound for
<3rays Harbor, returned on account of XW
winds.
.Schr Glendale. Gronvold, li days from
Klawack.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
First heat, retail butchers' cart race Ml«i
Lockwood first, Ncni- second. Headlight
third. Second heat— Nonie first. Headlight
««>con<l. Souj> nones third.
Vaquero running race, one and a quarter
miles— Pajair.as first. Silver Dick second,
B?n*n Jim third.
Butchers" trotting and pacing race—Head
light first. Miss Lock»ood second Krueger
thini. ,
" First heat, fre* for all trotting race— Delia
McCarthy first. U>ulse Croner second. Cicero
third. Second heat— Louise Croner first. Cicero
ef-cor.d. Little Victor third.
Running race, one mile — Pat Morrissey first.
IsabelKta second. Florestan third.
Pa.rinK race <2:20 class), one mile dash
Gertie A first. Kandow second. Flora third.
Running race, one mile — Charlie Schweltier
first. Conger s<»cond. County Down third
Steer running race, one-eighth mile*— Red
Light first, Butchertown B?I1 second, Qulno
third.
Running race. one-quarter mll#> — Kubelik
first. El Pilar second. Judge Shropshire third.
Mule race (to cart), one mile dash — Lillte
Gray first. !?t Julipn Bill second Last Chance
third.
Running race, five-eighths of a mile — Nonie
first. Gladys Belle second, Lizzie Rice third.
Running race, three-quarters cf a mile —
Cousin Carrie first, Nonie second. Fair Lady
Anna third.
Special vaquero race, quarter of a mile — Pa
jamas first. Silver Dick second.
Running race, one mlle^ — Mllas flret. Row
ena second. Pastmaster third.
the horses bunched and at the finish
Gladys Belle passed under the wire
first, with Nonie a close second and
Lizzie Rice third. On account of the
advantage the winner had In the start
there was a popular demand to declare
bets off. The Judges, however, sur
prised the sports when they announced
Xonie as winner, Gladys second and
Lizzie Rice third. Then followed a
storm of protest, which did not subside
until after the last event had taken
place. The judges assert, in explain
ing their decision, that Gladys Belle
fouled Lizzie Rice. The following are
the races and the winners:
WINNERS OF RACES.
Eugene Hahn, a former newspaper
man. tried to commit suicide at the
Francisco Hotel, Turk and Taylor
streets, yesterday morning by inhaling
illuminating; gas. He was discovered In
time and hurried to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Pawlickl
succeeded in saving his life.
Tries to Commit Suicide.
NEW YORK. May IS.— Mrs. ConEtance
Giasson. daughter of Charles F. Zentgraff.
president of the Staten Island Savings Bank
and a millionaire paper manufacturer, was
found dead In her home on Bard Hill. S. I.,
to-day. Her death was caused by carbolic
acid polsonlns !
Rocklin Boy vn. Sacramento Boy; Sea. Lion
vs. Royal Spirit: Rector ve. Hudson: Rural
v?. Agitator; Rusty Ax vs. Dorothy M;
*>rra Cotta vs. Real Pasha; Palo Alto vs.
Mlse Lucille: The Referee vs. Gambit: Silver
Tips vs. McVcy; Lost Chord vs. Ruby Sankey;
Charter M»mber vs. Pasha Pleasant; Merry
<3o Round vs. Raby Aurora; Ploughman vs.
Mickey Free; RAi>ld_ "Water vs. Our Motto;
Golden Furtune ve. ' Pagllaccl: Thelma vs.
Friendless Boy; Texas M&mle vs. Aeolus: Rich
Array ve. Pontenoy; Texas Jill vs. Ragtime;
O1J Ironsides vs. Rubber Ankles; TraJee Boy
\». Master Rocket: HIrh Born vs. Medley;
Haphazard ve. Foxh'jnter; Vandal vs. Aman
din: Yankee Boy vs. Tralee Lass; Rcse of Gold
vk. . Concord Tralee: Beluga vs. Cubanola:
P-erjegad* Aoache \ s. Richard Anton: Lord
Brazen vs. R<-<1 Rock: Melllnwood vs. Rocker
Arm: Fair Olen vs. Texas Hoo Hoo; Racing
Auto vs. Fair Tralee.
The greyhounds, Pocatelll and
Barg-e. both from the kennel of George
Xethercott of Sacramento, will meet
at Union Coursinjr Park on Sunday in
the deciding course of the Grand Na
tional Champion Btakes. A sixty-four
dogr open stake will complete the card.
The draw last night resulted as fol
lows:
The Two Sacramento Greyhounds
Alone Remain in the Grand Na
tional Event for the Final.
POCATELJLI AND BARGE
IX THE CHAMPION* STAKE
At a joint meeting of the tourna
ment committees of the California
and Golden Gate Tennis clubs held
last night at the former's clubrooms
arrangements were made for holding
the annual San Francisco champion
ship tournament. The most important
question to decide was as to whether
the champion should stand out and
meet the tournament winner 1 In the
challenge round or whether he should
piny through the tournament. The
former plan was adopted. Last year
the champion played through the
tourney, but at that time there was
no challenge cup. The winner of the
tournament will play Drummond Mac-
Gavin for the championship.
The entry list will close on the 2"tli
lnst. at 5 o'clock in the afternoon. Al
ready thirty-three players have en
tered, but it is probable more than
twice that number will be in the com
petition. Three players have entered
from San Rafael, thirteen from the
Park and the remainder from the
California Club.
Tennis Tournament Plans.
The San Francisco Police Department
reports that it has no knov.iedge of the
crime confessed by Randolph Preston
in Seattle.
The eleventh annual celebration of
the Butchers' Board of Trade of San
Francisco and Alamcda counties was
held at Shell Mound Park and at the
Oakland racetrack yesterday. Fully
12,000 people joined in the festivities of
the day and the entertainment af
forded was of a high order. From the
lirr.e the first trains and street cars
commenced to bring picnickers to trie
. grounds jollity reigned, and the games
and races attracted much interest. The
horse racing v.as exciting; and devel
oped serious as well as comical phases.
A decision in cne of the events nearly
resulted in a riot on the part of a
v.rathy mob that assembled around
the stand of the judges.
The various committees who had the
•affair In charge provided every com
fort and pleasure for the visitors, and
even the smallest details were ar- ;
¦ranged to perfection. Cordial hos- ;
pitality and sociability prevailed ex
cept during the races. Dancing in the
pavilion was Indulged in by those who
cared for it, and the crowd ambled ,
from the park to the racetrack, visit
ing the attractions at each place.
There were twenty-two events held
:n Shell Mound Park, the winners of
'which received suitable prizes. These
events comprised running races for
men and women, races for boys and
girls, races for fat men. races for mem
bers, races for members' wives and
races for cash boys. Some contestants
«raHced the greased pole, caught greasy
jiigs and entered the races for bald
headed men. Others tried three-legged
races, egg and spoon races and strived
for honors in a Fack race. Amateurs
sang coon songs for prizes, danced the
buck-arid-wlr.g dance and vied for the
distinction of the best cakewalker.
MANY RACING EVENTS.
Th«» programme cf races at the Oak
>nd racetrack was a lengthy one.
There bting entries in eighteen races.
Variety, however, dissipated any mo
notony which might come during the
srven hours the horses occupied atten
tion. There was an assortment of
• vents that would put a county fair to
blnsh.
Mules of many descriptions, and
steers, were on the programme. Cart,
vaquero, running, trotting and pacing
races were decided by a committee of
judges consisting of J. W. Phillips,
James Hall, E. C. Rodolph. F. Reyn
olds and I. Selig. The bookmakers
v. ho went over to clean up a fortune
•.net with disappointment, though they
were careful with their money and
• >dds. Tips seemed to be out on most
of the winners and no great surprises
were sprung.
At one stage of the game it appeared
as if the judges' stand would be taken
by storm, and excitement ran high. A
decision that brought dissatisfaction
caused all the patrolmen who were on
;he ground to assemble in a squad and
prepare to resist an attack on the
judges, tthieh seemed imminent. *
The race which caused the trouble
was the fifteenth. Six horses went to
the post. It was a five-eighths of a mile
'lazh. and when Starter W. Fieldwick
dropped the flag Gladys Belle led by
over thirty yards. On the home stretch
Efforts on the part of authorities to
determine the identity of the man And
the circumstances surrounding his
death have thus far proved futile.
The corpse was found in the "lead"
of the fish trap. It was nude, with the
exception of an undershirt. The fea
tures were unrecognizable. The skull
was crushed, as if with a heavy club or
stone, and the appearance of the throat
indicated that before tne skull had
been crushed the victim had been
strangled.
Mute evidence of the effort of the
murderer to hide his crime was fur
nished by a rope which had been tied
around the waist of the man and from
•which the weight had worked loose,
permitting the body to rise to the sur
face of the water. It is believed the
murdered man was a soldier from one
of the two nearby forts.
ASTORIA, Ore., May 18.— A murder
mystery which probably never will be
solved, came to light to-night at Chi
nook, Wash., a small town near this
city. B. Sutherland, owner of a fish
trap, discovered the body of a man in
his fishing gear and examination by
a justice's jury disclosed the fact that
a brutal murder had been committed,
the victim being weighted and thrown
into the river.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, May 18. — A young man
giving his name as Randolph Preston
and his home as San Francisco Tvas
picked up by the police thl3 morning.
At headquarters Preston broke down
completely and said that he had been
haunted for two weeks by the phan
tom of his crime. Then he told how
he had embezzled a considerable sum
of money. His explanation on the
point as to the person or persons from
which he took the money was not clear,
so the police have telegraphed to San
Francisco for further particulars.
Preston said that he had not eaten a
bit of food for a week and when taken
to a cell he fell into the sleep of ex
haustion. He looks worn out.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Dispute Over Decision in
Running Event Lends Ex
citement to the Picnic
Fails to Give a Clear Expla
nation of the Details of
His Admitted Peculations
Slajer Attaches Weight to
His Victim's Body Before
Casting It Into the Eiver
MIXED AS TO FACTS
MANY PHIZES AWARDED
IDENTITY IS IX DOUBT
Young San Franciscan Sur
renders to Police of Seattle,
Confessing Embezzlement
Grewsome Find in Oregon
Stream Brings to Light
the Murder of a Soldier
Games. Dancing anil Racin*r
Attract Large Crowd of
People Across the Bay
BUTCHERS' DAY
IS A SUCCESS
HUMAN CORPSE
IN A FISH NET
CRIME HAUNTS
FLEEING YOUTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
13
Pretty boxes and odors
arc used to sell such
t
soaps, as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outeide of it.
Pears 1 , the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish ; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
Established over ioo years.
V^X* Perfect Fitting (/jY
Uj> Eyeglasses 0*
li At Moderate Cost (\
V S42
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
ifei&lcsue &nd Frica Lists Jkiaiidl
en Application.
rE£SE AJTD SAXT KEATS.
II C FfiYTC * C(\ Shipping Butchers. 108
JAj. LUltO ft tU. Clay. TeL Mala 1ZM
ox&s.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS.
•IS Frost »u. 6. F. Pbone Main 1719.
Fzorrora.
L. C. EL G5ES* * <u euhbw »u & r.
WOMEN SAVED FROM
OPERATIONS. '
¦ Q 1
UBS. STELLA CEEN7,
Wo. 2264 Bash St.. Saa Francisco.
MRS. CERNY SATS: "After years of suf-
fering and drugging and after two unsuccess-
ful surgical operations, I have been promptly
and thoroughly cured by the Electro-Chemle
treatment at a very reasonable expense. It
grt\es me great pleasure to recommend this
moet wonderful new treatment to suffering
•women for I am sure that there is no treat-
ment In the world equal to it for the serious
«p«lal diseases of our sex."
(Signed) MRS. STELLA CERNT.
2264 Bush st.. San Francisco.
ELECTRO-CHEMIC SPECIALTIES:
Electro-Chemistry cores quickly, pain-
lessly and cheaply Cancers. Tumors, Old
TJlcers, Eczema, Rheumatism. ZTeuralgia,
Lccomotcr Ataxla, Paralysis, Deafness,
Read Noise*. Insomnia, Goitre. Brlffht's
Disease. Diabetes, Dyrpepsla, Piles, all
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver. Kidneys,
Bladder and Bowels, all nervous Diseases
and Special Diseases of Men and Women.
Prce examination, diagnosis, advice
and trial treatment.
HOME TEEATMEKT — Patients are
cured most successfully at home by
Electro-Chemistry. Those who cannot
call for personal examination are advised
to write a full description of their symp-
toms, and full Instructions will be
; promptly forwarded for home examina-
tion and treatment, free of charsre.
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 OXAHT ATE., Cor. Post St..
SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours — 0 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8
P. m. daily. Sundays— 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate apartments for ladlea and gentlemen.
mm mm
I CAXklPOXSTA EEDWOOD PARK (Big
' Basin) — Unioi» Mill Camp and Tavern; S miles
ficm Boulder Creek R. R. station. Dally stage
Family table. Furnished cabins; camping
grounds; $8 and $10 per week. Under the giant
redwoods; perfect climate; grand scenery.
••SEPP" GRAHAMER. Boulder ' Creek. Cal.
FOB BJEZTT — Nice 4-room cottage on
ranch, furnished for housekeeping. Address
MRS. E. SURRTHXE, Santa Rosa, Route 2,
Sonoma County, CaL
AD VZBTISE TVTENTa.
THE GEYSERS
The most Famous Health and, Pleasure
Besort ia California.
THE CLJMATK AND SCENERSf ar- unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing,
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL. AND COTTAGES, have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built thin year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and IIt-
ery stable In connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the beet the
market affords. Rates. $10, $12. $14 and J18
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRT, Prop. The Geysers.
Sonoma County. California. (
Agua Caliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round: the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no .
staging: fare $1 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rcoms are first
class. Rates $2 per day, $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chll- i
dren. Inquire at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st.,
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Calient*
Springe. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can teat 400 guests.
'- L ¦>
|^]^5dei\ Jose 7A^
m Situated In Vendorne Park of 12,
fk acres, a charming summer resort; vS
i ya both city and country advantages ; F
£¦;. automobile garage on the grounds A
VV free to guests. Bathing pavilion, V
M bowling alleys, tennis, etc New au. I
Cf to road map of the county mailed ' I
¦ on application.
«i© _ J. T. BROOKS. Manager. \
The table at~«
AETNA SPRINGS
Is supplied with the best
in the market and the
cuisine is excellent. Vege-
tables, fruit, milk and eggs
are home productions.
Just send for Booklet.
AETNA SPRINGS CO.,
Napa Co., Calif.
MARKW EST
"SK** SPRIN6S
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs; many improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day: $10 and $12 week. Office 833 Larktn
»t.. cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs. Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boatliig. launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser In bathhouse, club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations, modern
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed. Table a
specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $13. Photos j
and Information at Chatfleld & Vinzent's. 223 f
Montiromery St.. or LEE D. CRAIG, Manager,
Soda Bay. Kelseyville P. O., Lake Co.. Cal.
Ilamath springs,
Beswlck, Elskiyou County. California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.. or at J.
MARTENS, Bachelor P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, Cal.
"Under new management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA. Mgr.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect: 16 miles from Truckee. In an unbrjiten
forest. For information inquire at Traveler
office. 30 Montgomery St.. Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. Clemons. Truckee. CaL
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved; 1900 feet altitude; no
fcg; climate delightful: large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths: spring water: cement
swimming tank. 40xS0. Rates IS week up; stags
meets train. Schuler & Scheben. Napa. Cal.
l^^^rSJ TENTS
irvem AN l >Tfl5Sl Awning*. Hammocks,
Pj""P^ .^^j^^i Bag's.
w. a. PLtrMMis.
Tel. Main 649. Ul Clay st.
nrnrcHClU Delightfully situated In the
DlKUJULLH Santa Crus Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For circulars address G.
r. BIEDENWEO. R. P. 1CL Santa Crus, Cal.
JOHflNNISBERC.
New hotel: modern conveniences: large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa Co., or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
PASHIO3T STABLES
GILROT, Cal. Direct line to Gllroy Hot
Springs. All open carriages; first-class turn-
outs- best stock In State; telegraph and phone
orders promptly attended to. H. T. MATOCK.
Prop. ¦ '
REDWOOD TTXI.A HESO3T.
Excellent board, home cooking; tent ground.
If desired, with board, ft. Room and board $3
to Stv. Best hunting and fishing. MRS. A. U.
ACKERMAN. La Honda, San Mateo County.
Bathing Suits
20 Post Street
WHY NOT TRY
fiighlar)d
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE
Springs
VVf E OFFER TOU THE BEST OF MINERAL '
' * waters, accommodations and servtc*.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All the popular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and postofflce.
Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake
County. Mojt centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS— $10 to $17 SO per week. For Boote-
l«t »tc. call on our agent. H. R. DUFFIN.
CSS Market street, or address
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs. CaL
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs San
The most ideal resort for sleasure and
health c- tht Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip tlcktt from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Lois
Oblspo. Ca!.. and return, including stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for &20MO to S--.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and a com-
modations $9.OO to 012.OO per week.
ScpdIc surroundings, free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
shady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildtnxs and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best the
market. aJTords. Our stase meets trains
arriving: at San Luis Oblspo at 3:13 n. m.
ev*ry day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or aanatortom.
PARAISO SPRINGS
California.
The leading summer resort of Call- j
fornia. Hot soda and sulphur baths.
Excellent table. Concert by Bro-
haska's Band every day. Send for
beautiful booklet and rates to
F. W. ECHKOIDEK, JIjTr.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
~1N THE MOUNTATN3 BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cruz County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Will cpen May 15th under entirely new man-
agement. Round 'rip tickets from San VYaa-
clsco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery st., S. F., or to WILLIAM o.
DODGE. Lessee.
\ CAMP "(CURRY' I
' I THE BEST f
f WEATHER FINE t
! FALLS FULL \
\ YOSEMITE 1
JEB j_i Xj jB
Ideal summer resort; hunting-, boatlsr, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
I O. WEISMAN, Mldlake P. O.. Lake Ca. Cal..
! or call on Dr. Happersberger, 1104 Market. S. F.
"7* f\- ncis?^ TEsT"" *^m^
f ¦ A. \^- J^^taB •JbbbbbbJ r- 1 n^
StldLtsR Springs
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Posi-
tive cure for rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
waters for liver, kidney and all stomach troub-
le>. Swimming pond, orchestra. Fare $9 re-
turn trip. Electric lights. Housekeeping cot-
tages. Arsenic beauty baths. Rates $10 to $12
per we*k. Baths and amusements free. H. H.
McGOWAN, prop.. Seigler, Lake Co.. Cal.
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management; no staging; depot on
grounds: phone: fare $2 40: Tiburon ferry:
rates ?10 to $15 week; table first-class: our
own dairy: hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
livery; billiards; croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montzomery st-. or BARKER &
ROSS, Lytton Springs. Sonoma County, Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America, The only lake
• resort that has Its own mineral springs. Boat-
' Ing, swimming, fishing and hunting. EDGaK
DURNAN. sole proprietor. Laurel Dell P. O.,
> Lake County. CaL
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah. Mendodno Coosty.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
¦ Lovely grounds ; fishing and hunting: crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
J. A. REDEMETER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hoplaad.
.Vine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rate* $10 to $12 per week.
CaJfFBZTU HOT S7BZVOS,
. In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County.
. MOO feet elevation. Are beautifully located
• at the head of the great Sierra Valley. 30
miles long by 5 miles wide, surrounding which
¦ is the great primeval forest of pine and fir. A
epecialty is made of the table. The hot springs
? are unequaled for the cure of rheumatism.
• gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and ekln diseases Rates for room and hoard.
$1° to $14 per week. Round trip from San
' Francisco to springs via Boca. $14 50. Stage
dally except Sunday, connecting with 6 p. m.
train from San Francisco.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE^ — Hopland to Bartlett Spring*
• via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
• and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
' trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12:3U;
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30: arrive at BarUett
Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-paasenget
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Ban.
leu Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at ofnc*
of California N. W. Ry.. 650 Market «t* or
at Tiburon ferrr.
MILLER * HOWARD. Props.
XXT2SSXDS KOTSZi and COTTAGES
— Near beach: 30 acres beautiful ground* ; spe-
. rial rates to families: write for booklet. F.
BARSON, Proprietor, Santa Cruz. _
CAZADERO
The Oesx of AU northern Retreats.
Grove. Porest. Olade and DeLL
Crest. Canyon. HUl and Dale.
Knoll, Knob. Peak and asonatata.
The home of the trout and the haunt of the>
deer. Reached over the North Shore Ry . t1»
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ago I leaeed this resort for a num-
ber of . years. To-day I have the pleasnr* to
tell you that, owing to last eeason's blx and
unprecedented patronage. I have purchased th:»
magnificent torailn of over 1200 acTes. A thor-
ough renovation has been cade of all the prop-
erties. Insurer the best of service and »c-
commodaticn. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and beat-
ing and bathing on the river, all free to gneats.
Free camping-grounds tn the Caxadero gtast
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must be complied with.
Lou. one-quarter acre, for sale, from $100
up. and cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Sausallto Ferry via North Shore RaiU
road. Round trip, good for six months, $3 "3.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. $3: no stag-
ing: depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages, $2 per day; $10 to til per waek; spe-
cial rat* by the month.
For partlcnlare other than herein given write
J. J. THIRION. owner and manager. Hotel del
Caxadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Shore
R. R. office, 620 Market st.. San Francisco.
VACATION 1904
IS NOW BEADY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"VACATION" is issued an-
nually by the
California North western R'y
1SE P1CTUSE3QCI BOUTS C? C1LI70S5U
and fs the standard publication
on the Paclflc Coast for Informa-
tion regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS.
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
Thla year's edition. "Vacation
1904.** contains over ISO pases,
beautifully Illustrated, and !«
complete In Its detailed Informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc., wlta
terms from $7.00 per week up.
To be had at Ticket Offleas. 850 Marks*
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tiburon Terry.
foot of Market Street; General Ofnce. Mutual
Life Building, corner of San some and California
Streets, San Francisco; la Oakland at m
Broadway.
Applications toy Kail WU1 XecelT* taa«
mediate Bespoase.
H. CL WH1TIXG. GenT ilanager.
R. X. RTAN. CenT Pasa'r Agent.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel nnder canvaa on the Russian River
below Guernevllle In a grove a mtle and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats: will build a dam In the river; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults J2 per day. $10 per week; chlldrea
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fami-
lies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. U C. OJO-
PIUS, Camp Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. CaL
OwnSnnmer Hms g •S5£?iii CaajMaeler
Pure water, equable climate, lots eeUlnc IIS
op: cottages built by Meeker. $50 up: depot;
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and express:
telephone; sawmill: SOO lots sold: SCO cottage*
bullu Sassallto ferry. N. S. R. R, la. C
MEEKER, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County. -
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasvr*
resort Is bow even for the patronage of tae
! pwblta. Address JOHN JACOBS.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Unproved since last seasoa.
Opens April 1. THOS. U BELL, Mgr.. Feltoo,
CaL Bay tickets to Tuxedo, narrow.gaace*
foot of Market str—t. Roond trip. $3.00.
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL. ZjTNDON — Modern Improvements.
extensive grounds; popular amusements; law*
tennis, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Oppostt*
depot? J- P- MOOEX3O3C. Prop.
5. 8. S. 3. TOGMI-Om/% XariaCt.
Bertrand Hctel: first-class accommodations?
special rates for families and parties: fishing,
hunting, boating, bathing: beautiful drtvest*
H»ar Valley; telephone. JOSEPH 7. BER-
TRAND. or Bulletin Office, every Thursday. 3
to 4 p. m. .
WJsUTU STJliPXTJX SyxntOS-ValUJo,
C_j. Most accessible springs to Saa Francisco;
round trip $1. no stage fare; only 2*i hours*
ride- 5 miles from Vallejo; hot, cold ana
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lake
for boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
K«w bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates.
$10 a week. Including baths. Addresa MAS-
VE1* MADRID. VaUejo. CaL
rxscAsxato. £-\> %
Swanton Boose, under new mtnutawt.
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodleas
cottages, beautiful grounds, famoaa pebble
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Phone*
Rates* M and $10 per week. O. C. X.CCS.
Proprietor.
- x.ETDjrEX'S ?ASX, QaeraoTills.
A- resort for your family. Partly furnished
cottage* $12 per month and np. Tents and
nlitfcrms. Near Russian River. Board and
room at $7 50 per week. Se* PECK'S. U
Montgomery st. .
MOTTHTAXV THW BalTCsT XOTX2*
and cottages. In the mountains, near &aat»
Crux. First-class table and accom.. gas. baths,
phone, dally mall, bowling, croquet, amuse-
ments; terms. »9 op. Campers to Glenwood, lae.
carriage. $3 "5 round trip. FRANK R. DA>N.
Santa Cruz. Fredertckaen * Sntton. Managers.
XJlTmEXi OZOTS TAMX — Children's
resort during summer vacation: best of home
care: beautiful grounds: climate perfect: fresh
milk and eggs: open June 1: terms $5 per
week. MRS. O. W. NICHOLS. Dlmond P. O-.
Frultvale. '
WHXOW RANCH, delightfully located la
redwoods 3 miles from Santa. Crux. Sprus
water fruit, inllk. excellent t*ble; dally mall;
free conveyance; $7 week; phone Suburban 87.
MRS. W. CRANPELLi Santa Crux. CaL
HULITOE XOTSX* SI Teraao. So-
noma Co.. Cal Term* $1 day and up; hoc
mineral springs near by. Lone distance tele-
phone: daily malL JOHN SERRES. Proprietor.
¦CXAXrXX'S OSOTE — BOSS VAZJ-ET.
. private boarding; terms reasonable. Teaot
meets Sunday morning trains. Address MR&»
MATT LINDSAT. Ross Station.
PB LA ROZA resort, Santa Cru» Mountains:
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
cas>ptn«> A. I. QE3SS. Mir., GISie. Qri.
"¦^¦fc- - m"*i\ ¦¦! «mi rtlan-niMisnhliMiill-"- ¦¦ lilsl si IP Ml n TITS — IIiibsIWSiI
ADVERTISHaiENTa.
jp*£00^^^*^^^^^ ' ~ * ~~ _i -Jf: '¦ *wJtT~ '¦ _ \ ' fiK - ~""T 1 \ \ I )^^\. \ ""^^^sMsjsyias&j^ j ~f — it/ *^ i t v*\«sif^
BARTLETT
..SPRINGS..
An ideal Mountain HEALTH and
PLEASURE resort.
BARTLETT
Mineral water has benefited more
people than any other water on the
coast
BARTLETT
Climate is surpassed by none.
It is a spot where the weary will
find rest, the invalid sain strength,
the sick improve in health and the
pleasure seeker have a good time.
There is a resident physician, a
manager of amusements and masseurs
Jn attendance at the baths at Bartlett
Springs.
The visitor will find everything
done to make his stay profitable and
enjoyable.
For hotel rates and for housekeep-
ing cotta ires, write J. E. McMahan.
Bartlett Springs. Cal.. or call at 2
Sutter St., San Francisco.
["NEW" SANTA CRUZJI
i
COU'VISUOVB EHTERTAIirKEIST
I SAT A5D 2HOET.
JUSTE, JX7X.V. AUGUST and
SEPTEMBER.
Something Doing' All the Time.
New mammoth casino and bathing pa-
vilion: the finest In the West.
i New tent city on the beach.
New tCO-foot pleasure pier.
' Daily military band concerts.
j Dances every evening.
Brilliant electrical Illuminations.
New and novel water sports, boating and
fishing.
Safest and best surf bathing on the
Coast; no undertow.
Finest climate; grandest drives; largest
trees.
Most amusements of any resort on the
j Coast.
Special excursion tickets at reduced rates
¦ from all points by S. P. Co. to
|
! I "NEW" SANTA CRUZ I
i . j
j
FREE EXCURSION
-TO-
TUSCAN
SPRINGS
MAY KX^ I9O4.
For the next sixty days the Tuscan Mineral
Springs Corporation *-lll furnish railroad trans-
portation to and from Tuscan Springs and *ny
points within 300 miles, free to visitors who
spend thirty days, and free fare cne way to
those spending twenty days at the springs.
Send 50c In stamps for bottle of stomach and
catarrh salt. Booklet free.
Kates $12 per week and up.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRING CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
O If li f*f* O HOT sp R^*GS. SONOMA
UKMUUU COUNTY; only 44 hour*
"¦""""¦¦^™"'" — but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters nofed for medicinal virtues: best natufal
hot mineral water bath In State; boating and
swimming in Warm Bpring Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mail, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL. AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 60. Take
Tiburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
gueet of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st. or of
J. F. MUIXSREff, Skaggs. Cal.
WHT EXPKHTV FHT7
GO to ADAMS SPRINGS
Lake County. Cal.. and get cured of stomach,
liver and kidney trouble. Information at Peck's
Bureau, 11 Montgomery St., and at Travelers'
Bureau. 3O Montgomery st. Reduced rates. W
for round trio. Testimonials of more people
cured than any springs In California. Send tor
book. Address DR. W. R. PRATHER, Adams
Springs.
Harbin Springs
Most desirable in Lake Co. ; contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and btlilard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, Jlvery, home dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Round trip tickets, S. P. office, $7. J. A.
HAYS, Proprietor.
rill O lS II H#t Springs; on line South-
| I V I I I I II ern Paclnc : 2ft hours from
HI K I I |« San Francisco: 3 trains
111 I IB fla "y: luxurious mineral
LI | llUll a nd mu(i baths; hotel
unique In cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau, 613 Market St.. Peck's Bureau. 11 I
Montgomery St.. or H. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. California.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to the
mest picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line .n the State. Leaves Calls-
toga daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin, Selgler, Adams, Howard, An-
derson. Hobergs, Spiers. Astorgs and Glenbrook;
half hour fnr lunch at Callstoga; also to Mid-
dletoivn. Lower Lake. Kelseyville and Lakeport.
Livery In connection. WM. SPIERS, Prop.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Uoantalni,
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Co., 613 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS
Open June 1, new hotel; large dining-room. |
telephone hunting, fishing, swimming, bowl-
ing dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau,
30 Montgomery st. DR. W. A. McCORNACK.
proprietor. ; _^_
OCCXDSXTAXi HOTEL, HATVAESS,
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement hall. etc. Special rates to famillss.
Terms reasonable. A. QAUDARD. Prop., pbone
Black 141. '
LAKE TAHOE.
LAKESIDE PARK. Open May 1. Hotel,
cottages and tents. Popular family resort. De-
llzhtful camping grounds near steamer land-
1 Ing. Furnished tents to rent. Booklets. Trav-
elers' Bureau, 30 Montgomery st., or of E. B.
Smith & Co.. Statellne P. P.. Cal.
WALL SPRINGS — On Guernevllle
branch Cal. N. W. R. R.. Sonoma Co.; phone;
pavilion; bus meets morning train; hot sulphur
baths; circulars. MRS. C. N. MEREDITH,
jurcD.. Healdsburg. R. D. 1.Colored races possess a keener sense
of hearing than whites.
AN EXPENSIVE PUNCH.— Julius Godeau.
the undertaker, who struck Stanley Reynolds,
a former employe, on tho Jaw with his fist
some months ago, must pay Reynold* $300 for
his display of temper. Reynolds sued him
for ' $10,000 damages, and a Jury In Judge
Hunt's court yesterday cave him a verdict
for J300.
OAKLAND, May 18. — The members
of El Capltan Division No. 115 of the
Order of Railway Conductors will give
their annual picnic and excursion
next Saturday. The destination
will be Mirabel Park, in Marin
County. The excursion steamer
will leave the Tiburon ferry at the foot
of Market street in San Francisco at
9 a. m. The members of the com
mittee of arrangements are: F. E. Far
ley, H. P. Speakman, T: J. Hunt, J. P.
Gleason, C. M. Felding, A. B. Mur
ray, H. L. Kent, T. Billingslea and J.
O. PauL
Railway Conductors' Picnic.
Athletic Association Banquet.
OAKLAND, May 18. — The annual
banquet of the Athletic Association of
St. Mary's College was held this even
ing at the college, it being the thirty
fifth event of its kind since the found
ing of the institution. The present
officers of the association are: Wil
liam I. Fitzgerald, president; "Walter J.
Hinkle, vice president; John J.
Rooney, secretary; George Poultney,
treasurer, and George Haley, track
captain.
Young Couple Wed in Secret.
OAKLAND. May 18. — William
Franklin Good, a resident of Phila
delphia and a student at the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, and Edith Anna
bella Stewart, who resides with her
parents in Seattle, Wash., were se
cretly married in the private office of
the County Clerk last night after the
regular closing time of the office. The
ceremony was performed by Justice
of the Peace JamesQuinn.
The English buy $30,000,000 worth of
eggs abroad each year, the average
price being 16 cents a dozen.
ALAMEDA, May 18.— Dr. A. W.
Scott, principal of the Alameda High
School, who was recently chosen to be
the principal of the Girls' High School
of San Francisco, has filed his resigna
tion with the Board of Education.
Among the applicants for the posi
tion are Frederick C. Athearn. G. H.
Stokes, A. D. Tenny, W. B. Clark, John
8. Drew. James Ferguson, Louis K.
Webb, Albert C. Olney, W." H. Alex
ander and James E. Reynolds.
Want to Be Principal.
Commander, Major General Arthur
MacArthur; senior vice commander,
Rear Admiral Louis Kempff; junior
vice commander, Major General Har
rison Gray Otis; recorder, Lieutenant
Colonel William R. Smedberg; regis
trar, Assistant Surgeon Charles Ten
nison Dean; treasurer, Captain C. Ma
son Kinne; chancellor, Captain George
Puterbaugh; chaplain. Rev. John Har
rison Macomber; council, Brigadier
General Charles Albert Woodruff,
Captain Nathaniel T. Messer, Lieuten
ant George H. W. Wallis, Rear Ad
miral Oscar W. Farenholt and Cap
tain Edward T. Allen. ,'-•; '-xtii.
The military order of the Loyal Le
gion held a largely attended banquet
at the Occidental Hotel last evening.
It was preceded by the annual election
of officers of the organization, which
resulted as follows:
Mnjor General MacArthur Is Chosen
for the Position of Commander
of the Department.
MILITARY ORDER, LOYAL
LEGION, ELECTS OFFICERS
BERKELEY. May 18. — School Di
rector W. K. Weir suggested at the
meeting of the Board of Education
last night that a separate election for
school bonds to the amount of $125,
000 be held, instead of waiting for
bonds to be voted upon the same time
that the bonding proposition for
the whole city is submitted to a vote.
His ground for the suggestion is that
the School Board n conduct a much
cheaper election and quicker, too. The
board referred the suggestion to a
special committee that will report at
the next meeting.
Suggests School Bond Election.
The members of the June class of
the Alameda High School are: Mar
garet Becker, Nina Belcher, Miriam
Crozer, Jean Dore.ch, Freda Dunlop,
Emma Grass, Freda Hansen, Evelyn
Johnson, Helen Krauth, Pearl Locke,
Alexine Mitchell, Gertrude Plummer,
Mignon Read, Wllla Sale, Rose
Schmidt, Catherine Searle, Charlotte
Thompson, Myrtle Ward, Marguerite
Winant, Arthur Alvarez, Alexander
Mackie Jr., Stephen Otis, Bruce Spen
cer, Harry Young.
ALAMEDA, May 18. — Commence
ment exercises will be held by the Ala
im-da High School on the even
ing of Thursday, June 2, in
Assembly Hall. Professor Miller
of the department of commerce of the
University of California will deliver
the address and there will also be re
marks by Dr. A. W. Scott, the retiring
principal: President Frank Otis of the
Board of Education, Misa Pearl Locke
and Arthur Alvarez.
List of the Speakers and Names of
Students In the Class to Be
Graduated.
COMMENCEMENT DAY OF
ALAMEDA HIGH SCHOOL
John Edward Oalnon. Alvfn Joseph Book
myed. Augustine John Colaon. . Nlchola's John
Clecak. George Cyril Lafltte. Ambrose Thomas
Mahoney. Lester John Blanchard. Arthur Jo
«eph Beasely, Vincent Francis Cooney. George
Peter Halnes. Theodore Ambrose Davie. John
Anthony Busch. Charle3 Joseph. John Wester
berg. Joseph Patrick Benedict Connolly. Victor
Anthony Westerberg. John Ignatius Edward
Thomklnson. Joseph Ambrose Bourda. Josepii
Francis Benedict Thompkinson. Robert Peter
Currin. Hiram Joseph Aloyslus Llngscheid.
Francis Alyoslus Besson. Randolph Walter
Merlwether. Walter Reynolds Sanders. Leo
Charles Maloney. Malcolm Francis McPhee,
Oeorge Henry Key. Robert Emmet James Mc-
Klnzie. Frederic Francis Graw. Clarence James
Miller.
OAKLAND. May- 18.— Archbishon
Montgomery, assisted by Fathers Fo
ley, Cranwell. Lally, Yorke, Morrison,
Bergeretti, King, Nolan, O'Connell
and Serda, administered the sacra
ment of confirmation to a large class
at St. Mary's College last Monday
evening. The members of the class
were:
Archbishop Confirms Class.
HfNKER COMPROMISES! CLAIM.—Ac
rordlns to th* terms of a compromise en
tPT"d into y*?terd*y»hy Am1r»w Hunker with
CharW XV. Slark. executor of the will of
his wife. Ann!* Hunker, all litigation ov«>r
th« estate of Mrs. !Iunfc?r ¦wtll cease «pnn
the payment to Hunker of $10.0(30 In rash, th-»
transf"- to him of a riere of realty on Steinor
street, n»ar Post, and the delivery of Jewelry
worth $2*V>O. in the wtll of Mrs. Hunker sb*
devised all her e3tate to her two »tep-chiMr<-n.
mentioning her husband simply as a creditor
of the estate and directing that his claims
be paid. His claim appeared too Urse la
Slack am' when he refused tn pay it Hunker
commenced numerous actions against ths
step-children.
•OAKLAND. May 18.— The following
marriage license! wfre issued by. the
County Cl^rk to-day: Frank E. Ash.
14. and Ethel E. Lickiss, 21, both of
Oakland; Robert S. Abernathy, 22.
Berkeley, and Elsie B. Copp, 16, Oak
land: George W. Avan, over 21, and
Florence Phillips, over 18, both of
Oakland: Christian P. Lange. over 21.
nnd Carrie M. Andreasen. over 18. both
of Alvijmdo; Chark-s H. Obertale. 32,
and Ida Perbix. 29, Dimond.
Marriage Licenses.
William Mitchell, manager of the
Elcho House, 863J4 Market street, re
ported to the police yesterday morn
ing that $118 had been stolen from a
tin box belonging to W. W. Walmsley,
the proprietor, who is a resident of
Napa. The tin box was kept in a
trunk, which had been forced open.
Mitchell Baid he suspected a man
named McCormick, who had lived in
the house for more than a year and
who for three weeks has been acting
as day clerk. McCormick went on
duty at 8 o'clock on Tuesday morning
and shortly afterward told the janitor
he was going out to pay some bills.
He did not return and it was discov
ered that his roommate named Mc-
Laughlin had also disappeared.
Detectives Bunnor and Freel were
detailed on the case, but they were
unable to find any trac of McCormick
or his friend McLaughlin. It is be
lieved they have left the city, aa Mc-
Cormick had expressed Ruch an in
tention last Saturday night.
Police Are Investigating the Disap
pearance of the Day Clerk at
the Elcho IiOdglng-IIouse.
OAKLAND. May IS. — Tho will of
the late Sarah Tagsrart Jeffress of S.ti
Leandro was filed for probate tn-dnv
and with the exception of a S.^o h««
qupst to her son, Henry A. Taggart.
she leaves her estate, valued at $2300.
for the improvement nf the family
burial plat in the cemetery at Red
wood City.
Wants Grave Kept Green.
Thomas S. Ford, a prominent lawyer
of Nevada City, and District Attorney
E. B. Powers of Nevada County, reg
istered at the Lick yesterday.
Captain Eugene Weber of the Ger
man navy, who is on his way to the
Orient, where he Is to assume com
mand of a warship, is at the Occi
dental.
Madison F. Larkin, controller of the
International Correspondence Schools
of Scranton, Pa., is, with his wife, the
guest of his brother, Rev. F. M. Lar
kin, pastor of. Grace. Methodist Church.
John A. Eldredge and wife of Boston,
Mass., are visiting Colonel Wayland
Young, the well-known mining man,
at his residence at 998 Page street.
Colonel Young is a brother of Mrs.
Eldredge. \
George Scott and W. <W. Van Arsdale,
the well known lumbermen, and the
lattcr's wife, registered at the St Fran
cis yesterday.
W. P. Lynch, Assessor of Butte
County, is among the latest arrivals
at the Lick.
C. A. Hayes, assistant general freight
agent of the Grand Trunk line, is in
this city.
E. E. Bush, a capitalist of Hanford,
is at the Lick.
Mayor M. P. Snyder of Los Angeles
is at the Palace.
Judge H. A. Pierce of Los Angeles is
at the St. Francis.
Dr. and Mrs. El wood Grove of San
Diego are at the Lick.
E. C. Farnsworth, an attorney of
Visalia, is at the Lick.
Barton Pittman, a mining man of
Tonopah, is at the»St. Francis.
l>r. and Mrs. W. E. Grant of Louis
ville are at the Palace.
Dr. W. H. Keck of, Santa Cruz regis
tered at the Grand yesterday.
J. C. Ruddock, a well-known attor
ney of Ukiah, is at the Grand. .
Dr. Weber, German Consul at Chi
cago, is registered at the Palace.
Former United States Marshal H. Z.
Osborne of Los Angeles is at the Pal
ace.
PERSONAL.
COIN IS STOLEN FROM
TIN BOX IN A TRUNK
ALAMEDA, May 18. — Halcyon Par
lor, Native Sons of the Golden West,
entertained last night in honor of the
Alameda County delegates to the re
cent Grand Parlor in Vallejo. J. C.
Bates officiated as master of cere
monies and toastmaster. Speeches
were made by Senator J. R. Know
land, James A. Devoto, Charles H.
Turner, J. J. McElroy, Beach Dean,
E. R. Wilson, F. T. Moore and F. W.
Hally.
William Hammond Jr., J. C. Bates
Jr. and A. D. Goldsworthy composed
the committee of arrangements. Among
the Alameda County delegates 'pres
ent were E. R. Wilson, J. J. McElroy,
R. M. Hamb, T. C. Martin, Beach
Dean, C. K. Townsend, C. Cummings,
E. P. Cook, George Madsen and George
Meinlnger.
Halcyon Parlor Honors Alameda
County Delegates to the Recent
Grand Parlor.
NATIVE SONS BANQUET
DELEGATES TO VALLE.IO
The following were appointed a
committee to draft by-laws and a con
stitution for the organization: M. M.
Barnet of the Piedmont District Im
provement Club, Thomas W. Jeffress
and Dr. E. R. Tait. Friday evening,
the 27th inst., was selected as the date
for the next meeting of the association,
the aim of which is to promote the
general welfare of the county and ad
vertise its many advantages and re
sources to the outside world.
OAKLAND, May 18. — Permanent
officers were elected by the Alameda
County Advancement Association at a
meeting held to-night at the Board of
Trade rooms as follows: President,
Charles R. Smith of the West End
Improvement Association of Alameda;
vice president, Thomas W. Jeffress of
the Twenty-third Avenue District Im
provement Association; secretary, Dr.
E. R. Tait of'Oakland; treasurer, Ed
win Stearns of the Oakland Board of
Trade.
County Organization of Promotion
Clubs Elects Its Permanent
Board of Directors.
ALAMEDA ADVANCEMENT
ASSOCIATION OFFICERS
In celebration of the alliance Camp
General Lisrum will give a smoker at
Forester*' Hall to-morrow evening.
Among those who are working for
the success of the affair are: Captain
<;*-org-e Kind. Major Henry E. Curzon,
Cha plain Stephen Wood, T. J. Thomp
son and Ralph Faneuf.
OAKLAND, May 18. — The various
organizations of veterans of the Span
ish-American War have been amal
gamated and the new organization will
be known as the United Spanish War
Veterans. The organizations embodied
Jn the new society are the Spanish
War Veterans, Service Men of the
Spanish War and Spanish-American
War Veterans. Harold C. Megrew
and William E. English, both of In
dianapolis, have been chosen respec
tively commander in chief and vice
commander.
Camp General Uscum to Give Smoker
in Honor of Founding of United
Spanish War Veterans.
TO CELEBRATE UNION
OF ORGANIZATIONS
/The first service Mr. Hume saw on
the firing line was in El Dorado County
shortly after he came to California.
The people of that county elected
"Jim" Hume Sheriff and in that ca
pacity it was his duty to convict or
dislodge all the criminals that infested
the wiles of that country in those
days. He made himself the terror of
the lawless element of El Dorado and
upon his record alone he was appointed
warden of Carson prison. This was
now 1870, twenty years after he had
become a Californian.
Mr. Hume's service as an officer be
gan with hi.s settling in California in
1850. His success as a hunter of law
breakers was established from the be
ginning. His knowledge of the prac
tices of criminals was wonderful, and
pvery jrreat crime in California came
under his observation as an officer of
tho law.
James Bunyan Hume, for many
years head of the detective bureau of
Wells, Fargo & Co. and the man
whose success in hunting down crim
inals made him famous, died at noon
yesterday at the home he had known
for many years at 3017 Wheeler street,
Berkeley. Mr. Hume had been failing
for a long time and his gradually weak
ened condition prevented his taking
an active part in the affairs of the con
cern for which he had devoted a large
part of his life. As a reward for his
faithfulness, however, he was retained
to the end in his position as chief of
Wells. Fargo's detective service.
Mr. Hume's most distinguished cap
ture was of the famous "Black Bart,"
the fellow who alone held up stage
after stage of Wells-Fargo throughout
the State. It was a long chase, but
"Black Bart" was finally run down
with the aid of a simple little laundry
mark. Such desperadoes as Sonntag
and Evans, .the Dalton brothers and
others have been successfully appre
hended through his advice and activity.
The last case of any consequence upon
which he worked was that of the ab
sconder Snook, who killed a detective
in Michigan last November. Snook is
now serving a sentence of fifteen years
in Michigan.
New York was the birthplace of Mr.
Hume and he was born there seventy
seven years ago. He leaves a wife,
Mrs. Lida AT. Hume, who lately re
signed the presidency of the Ebell Club
of#Oakland to wait upon her husband;
and a son, Samuel J. Hume, a student
at^the University of California. No ar
rangements have yet been made for
the funeral.
The hum-drum life at Carson was
too much for Hume, however, and at
the end of two years he accepted an
offer to enter the service of Wells,
Fargo* & Co. In twenty-two years he
has faced ' many hard problems and
solved most of them. His career was
one of adventures and triumphs. Some
of the most notorious criminals have
fallen into his traps. He dealt with all
sorts of desperate characters, but lived
through it all and died a peaceful
death.
BERKELEY, May 18. — The debat
ers of the Berkeley High School car
ried off the plum last night after a
discussion on the rostrum with the
debaters of the Oakland High School.
This is the first time in five years that
Berkeley has carried off victory and
there is much rejoicing. The question
under discussion was, "Resolved, that
the United States should abandon its
protective tariff policy." Oakland had
the affirmative, which was presented
by, Alson Kilgore, Miss Amelia Brazil
and Clifton Brooks. The negative was
defended by Francis White, Samuel
Batdorf and Arthur Bolton. There
was a large crowd to cheer the com
petitors and when Berkeley was an
nounced the winner a great roar went
up. ¦ Samuel Batdorf carried off the
individual honors for the night. The
judges were R. H. Chamberlain, H. A.
Overstreet and M. C. Flaherty.
High School Talkers Hold Animated
Discussion on the Rostrum and
Are Cheered In Tunis.
BERKELEY DEBATERS
WIN FROM OAKLAND
FAMOUS -WELLS-FAROO DETECT1VK WHO PASSED AWAY YESTERDAY AT
NOON AT HIS HOME IN BERKELEY AFTER A LONG ILLNESS. HE WAS
NEARLY FOUR SCORE YEARS OP AGE.
OAKLAND. May 18. — The Mer
chants' Exchange committee, which
has been investigating the reported
! boycott on the brooms manufactured
I at the Home for the Adult Blind in
this city, made the following; report
to the board of directors last night:
To the Merchants' Kxchange of Oakland :
| Your cotr.mittee appointed to investigate the
appeal of Mind men and women to the public
against boycott report as follows:
We conferred with the executive committee
and ether members of the Central I^abor Coun
} ill with regard to the matter. Tho members
I of the Labor Council present emphatically de
nied that any boycott, direct or Indirect, ex
istrd. and stated that union labor In Alameda
County was thoroughly In sympathy with the
Adult Blind Home of Alameda County. They
a!s<> stated that any merchant who refuses to
buy the blind men's brooms on the ground
that they were boycotted by union labor was
stating that which was untrue, as no such
action had ever been taken by any labor union.
The Ontra! Labor Council suggested that
like committees from the Labor Council, the
Broommakers' Union and the Merchants' Ex
change be appointed to solve the problem of
the blind men's home.
Your committee therefore ask for further
time, as we believe this misunderstanding can
be cleared up in the near future by mutual
consultation and mutual consideration.
W. WALKER. A. JONAS, If. M. BAN
BOK.V. committee.
Committee of Merchants* Exchange
Makes Rrport and Asks for
Further Time.
NO BOYCOTT OX BROOMS
MADE AT BLJXD HOME
The exercises closed with the sinking:
of "America" by the audience and the
benediction.
This world Into which you are entering
M«mt at first glance to tolerate a good deal
o' fake and tinsel, but it is a wise old torld
after all. and its deep foundations are laws
just. Irrefrarable and eternal. Th« men and
women It wants for Its service and the on?9
it will crown with Its awards are trtoa» who
work patiently with head and hand, who know
duty, who love the truth, who keep contracts
and who stay put.
And now the common mother of you nil
stands ready to give you her blessing and
bid you farewell. Your work calls and It I*
time you were off. Go then, and know as you
-o that whatever befalls you of good or ill.
befalls the home that nurtured you and stir*
a heart that loves you. Go. having with you
each that one life: go, and sell it dear.
This world of human lives Into which you
enter may seem to be a fixed and definite
thing determined from outside yourself, but
that is not so. It is wh3t you make Ir.
The life of will is a life of work. Effective
living comes of doing, of shaping, of creating,
of building. T-et us get to our work. Th^re
Is no use waiting for big things to do. We
do not even know for sure what the big things
are. The widow who brought her two mlti»H
to the treasury gave more than them all. If
there are any "big" things they aro probably
tl:ose that lie next our door, namely, OUR
DUTY.
Effective living is largely a matter of will.
Seme of you are qulcker-witted than others:
some are blessed with a superior memory;
»<>mp excel in gifts of reasoning — power to
hold the line of continuous thought: som» are
better looking than others; your monthly al
lowances from home are not all the game.
According to many considerations such as these
you have seemed during your college days to
differ from each other, and according to them
you have been In the habit more or less con
sciously of classifying yourselves Into grades.
Ten years from now you win be thoroughly
rttlassified. Twenty-five years hence that
classification will have crystallzed into perma
nent form and be practically unalterable. And
many who are first shall be last. In this new
grading which life will give the 'determining
element will be personal strength of will.
What each one of you is to be in life will
depend chiefly on what you will to be.
It is no evidence of strength of character
to be in general against things. On the con
trary, it usually indicates a lack of creative
energy coupled with envy toward those who do
possess it. The best way to oppose a bad
thing is to nominate a good thing for its place.
Negation is poor business at the best, but
pre-eminently for human beings trained as you
have been, to lead, to enlighten, to upbuild.
My advice to you Is: Get into the world's
work with good cheer and tug and pull and
help. Keep the traces taut and save the
breeching for emergencies.
If you cannot say anything good of a fel
low-man In general keep silent. People ar«;
mostly good, especially if you treat them as
such. Every human being as a composite,
sometimes a crude conglomerate, of all kinds
of goodnesses and badnesses. It will make life
Infinitely mere sunny for you and more useful
If you address yourself to the goodnesse3 rather
than to the badnesses.
You have one life to use; how can you make
it count for the most and best? That is the
question which must be with you to-day; and
if it is not. It is time it "were. 1 cannot
provide an answer in the form of a standard
recipe. If 1 could it would be of no use.
Every man must make his own and every man
must find within himself the will to apply it.
But I think I know some of the Ingredients
of th* recipe, and these I will not withhold
from you. They are mostly simple, every-day.
household materials, common as water and
salt, and the tale of them must be plain and
unembellished.
LJFE PROBLE.MS.
As my time Is brief, and especially as this
common factor counts for Infinitely more than
all the factors of differentiation put together.
I shall use this supreme moment to ppeali of
nothing but the common tactor: One life
apiece.
the colleges of the University of California:
You have come to this day by many paths.
Hundreds of different teachers have taught
you. You have followed various courses of
study, variously framed out of the most vari
ous subjects of human querying and research.
The educational theories according to which,
these different courses are guaranteed to dif
ferent minds run the whole gamut from tha
baldest practical to the vaguest ideal, and
claim every goal from the winning of bread
to the saving of souls. You will be labeled
to-day with various alphabetic combination*
ana will address yourselves forthwith to still
more various pursuits. But with all the
variety, one thing- is common tQ you all. You
are all human beings, with, one life apiece to
use.
Continued From Page 11, Column 4.
BERKELEY'S COMMENCEMENT.
Dr. Whitfield was an English physi
cian who had traveled extensively, and
it was while visiting Monrovia in
Southern California that he met, wooed
and won Miss Atwood. Hla family re
sides in England and was looking for
ward with pleasure to the arrival home
of the son and his American wife.
Miss Atwood attended the funeral of
her betrothed at Los Angeles, and Is
still stopping: in the southern metro
polis.
All preparations had been made for
the marriage, which was to have been
celebrated at the home of the bride.
The wedding guests had been bidden,
but the Grim Reaper claimed the
groom, and iiow, she who was to be
come a wife, is disconsolate. The fam
ily of Miss Atwood will take the be
reaved girl East, trusting that the
change of scene and travel will cause
her to brood less over the sorrow that
has befallen her.
Death has culminated a romantic en
gagement and prevented the wedding of
Miss Alice Atwood of 587 Merrimao
street, this city, and Dr. Whltfleld, the
groom prospective, who passed away a
few days ago in Los Angeles after a
brief illness. ¦
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 18.
STOCKTON, May 18.— The long
shoremen did not report for work this
morning and consequently the lockout
ordered by the employers is effective.
The union to-day sent a communica
tion to the Millers' and Warehouse
men's Association stating that the
longshoremen would not recede from
their stand against handling any mate
rial hauled by the Stockton Transfer
Company. The flour packers in the lo
cal mills struck this morning because
the longshoremen had been locked out.
The Millers' and Warehousemen's As
sociation has now declared for the open
shop and to-morrow morning non
union help will be put in the places of
the longshoremen.
It is reported to-night that the team
sters and several of the water front
unions held a meeting Tuesday night
and decided to go on strike Thursday
morning.
Epeclal Dispatch to Th« Call.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
1118 Broadway. May 18-
Letters written in confidence to a
woman friend were resurrected to-day
In the hearing of the Rieiiarda divorce
case and their contents tended to ke^p
Mrs. Florence Richard, the plaintiff in
the case, expiainins and sidestepping, j
They were letters written by her to |
• Miss Arrie Fennins of 227 Sanchez j
street, Fan Francisco, and attorneys j
for the husband are makins the most
Ot them.
Th- first one of these letters refers to
a. Mr. Cotton, yardmastcr in the em
ploy of the Southern Pa<.iflc Company, j
who lived at the same boarding-house |
with the plaiEtil and whom Richards •
believes supplanted him in his wife's i
affections. An extract read as follows: .
"Now, about the boys in the house.
A Mr. Cotton; he's a peach; eyes like !
Harry's, rosy cheeks, is yardniasier; j
but, oh, so devoted to his mother I j
can't catch him or make an impression j
on him, though I rather fancy him. j
Thf-n Mr. O'Neil; he's easy. Mr. Dias !
is a confirmed bachelor; he's mine. I j
pep he fancies me. 1 am like his sister, |
you know, and we are all to go to the j
theater some night. Then there is \
young Mr. Aldrich, but he's too good j
and simple, and Mr. McBride, only 21,
and Mr. De Witt, only 21."
In the next letter matters had pro
gressed somewhat and Cotton had j
found time to share a little of the at
lontion devoted to his mother with the :
writer, and she says:
"Now, when you come over don't say {
a word about my going with Mr. Cot
ton — he was going to a meeting or
MDmething and was to call after me to
escort me home, but no one knew here,
j?o mum is the word. 1 have good news j
from hubby, who is in New York now."
The intimacy had ripened somewhat
In the next and on April 18, 1901, she
wrote her friend as follows:
"1 am so anxious to see you, and as I I
hat* to go alone, will ca.ll on you with
a friend Friday evening of this week.
1 forgot to say Mr. Cotton will accom- j
I»any me over — am afraid to be out
after dark, you know. Lovingly,
"FLORENCE." '
Judge Ogden took a hand in the
cross-examination at this point and
wanted to know where she had accom
panied Cotton other than to her
friend's home. She said possibly to a
meeting, but sho maintained the flirta
tion was a harmless one and her writ
ing very thoughtless.
The witness was on the stand when
court adjourned and the examination
v.ill be continued in the morning.
A baby left on a doorstep six years
ago Is the subject of a legal tangle of
much concern to Its foster parents.
The child has learned to look upon
David and Lillie Hyman as its parents
and they supposed they had adopted
the infant until a claim was made re
cently by a woman who alleges she
is the child's mother. Of this fact
there is no proof at hand, but her ap
pearance caused the Hymans to look
up the court records, and it was dis
covered that the final court order had
not been filed and there was nothing
to show the child was tneirs, but proof
of the child's parentage will be a diffi
cult problem, as it has grown and
changed since it was found on the
doorstep.
Hyman says the order of adoption
was signed by Judge Ogden, but there
is no record, and the adoption proceed
ings are incomplete. The little girl
was left on the steps of the Hyman
home one night in March, 1897. After
caring for the infant for some time
the couple began legal proceedings
looking to its adoption. According to
their statement the question was prop
erly settled. Within the last few
weeks, however, two letters have been
received, signed by a woman who says
she is the mother of the child and that
she wants it. Hyman has employed
Attorney Tom Bradley to try to
straighten out the court record and
confirm his claim.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 18.
Eelatives to Take Her East,
Hoping That Trip Will
Assuage Her Great Grief
Teamsters and Several of
the Water Front Unions
Expected to Go Out To-Day
Eecords Fail to Show That
David Hyman Adopted the
Child He and Wife Love
J. P. and Mary E. Woodbury to Chaste* A.
and Henrietta Smart, lot on S line of EIrr»
street. 278:3 XV of llroadway. W 50 by S
119, lot 13. Lincoln and Webster Homestead.
Oakland; flO.
"William D. nosl-y to Char!"** II. anfl Eliz
abeth O. Rowe. lot on S l!n« of Thlrtsenth
•treet. 105 W of Oak. W 40 by S 10O. blocic
l*iS. Kellerst>?r^er'3 map. Oakland. $10-
Magnus and Augusta XT, FVeeraan to N'anao
A. Winther (wife of Peter), lot on S line ot
Taylor street. 10f> XV of Wood; XV 75 by A
29:4. Oakland; $10.
Newton and Cornelia M. Eenedict to G. XV.
Keeler. let en S line of Thirty-fifth street.
:JoJ W of Telegraph avenue. W 3U:4 by 8
110:10. Oakland, deed and agreement; $lu.
ilelvln W. Wilson tt> Kmlly O. Wilson, lot
en S line of Sycamore street. 70:4 E of Grove.
E 37:4 by S 10t», block L. may blocks O. P
and L. Kelsey Tract. Oakland: gift.
Mark Levlr.sky (wldower> ti> Benjamin Cou
rant. lot on SW corner of San Pablo ant
Folder avenues. 8 I29>, XV 152:S, N 125. E
lo2:llVi. lot» 5!» and SO, property of Villa
Homestead Association, Berkeley: $10.
Laura 1>. Goss (widow) to Minnie A. Kelsey
(wire of J. Kdaon), lot on SW corner of Vine
and Pine (now Oxford) streets. W K7:3<-i by
S 120, portion lota '21 to 24. block «. re
subdivision of portion of T. M. Antidell'a map
of Villa Lots. Berkeley: $U\
John and Dorette Feyhl to John XV. Ledgett,
lot on E line of Chestnut street. 219:2«. 3 3 of
Us Intersection with Enclnal line. S 40 by E
Io2. portion of lot 2. blocic B12, subdivision
map of Alfred Barstow Trace Oakland; $lt>.
Henry and Jeanie D. Kast to Charles H.
Smith, lot on N'E line of Hamilton place.
3^3.95 XW of Oakland avenue. XW 75 by NE
SH\ lots 12. 13 and SE 15 feet of lot 14. Ham
ilton Tract. Oakland; $4C25.
Melvln L. and Kva J. Broadwell to Mar'<»
Nelson (married*, lot on E line of Grove street.
116:11% N of Thirty-ftfth. E 116 by N i!:4.
portion of lots 2 and 3. blocic B, Central Land
Company. Oakland; $10.
James C. Aitkcn (administrator estate of
James Aitken> to PuRay Smith, all Interest
in lot on N line of Seventh street tor Oakland
avenue). 50 W of Cedar. W 60 by N 10O:4»~.
lots 7 and 8. block 43. land on Oakland Point
(Railroad Ferry Landing), tract 406 Oak
land; $4.90.
Paulena Hinch to Joseph T. Hlnch (hus
band), lot on NE corner of Thirty-third and
West streets. N iio. E 100. ft 35. E 30, S 1C*>.
XV 136, lot 1 and portions of lots 2 and 24.
block E. map of property of Central Land
Company (formerly Brown Tract>, Oakland;
$10.
Lucy J. Harden (wlf« of George) to same.
same, riuitclaim deed. Oakland: $10.
Helen A. and Charles E. Haramphy to A. I*
Cunningham, lot beginning at point on l!n*
dividing plats 20 and 21. distant SW SC7.B7
from SW line, of Lee street, as per map «-f
subdivision 1 Adams Point property, thence
SW 35 by SE 133, portion aforesaid plat 21
map of ranchos V. and D. Peralta, Oakland;
$10.
Pauline Peterson to I. F. Chapman, un
divided *i of lot on SB corner of West Tenth
and Center street?. E m.\ S 40. W 59:114.
N 40. portion lot 21. block Jw2. map Eighth
Str»et Tract. Oakland: $10.
Max W. Koenli? <.-»ins;le> to James Comer.
lot on N line of Marlnosa street. 4t W of
Brown. TV 41 by N 11H.5O. lot 23. block A.
map resubdiviston block A, Brumagim Tract.
Oakland; »10.
Ella M. Corcoran (single) to Andrew Park,
lot on S line of Walnut or Twenty-second
street. 70 K of Franklin. E 3f> by S 10O. block
3. map Pacific Homestead, Oakland: $t0.
Emma J. and John If. Middleton to Daisy
Hambloton (wife of William), lot on XV line
of Broadway, at Intersection with lin© parallel
to and 25 S of Thirty-fourth street. W 7".
etc.. is 35. E K4. to beginning portion lot 1E>.
amended map College Heights. Oakland; $10.
Thomas and Mary Pli'ton to Thomas Picton
Jr. *son). rer»cord 7*4 r>. 41«. t«t on XV l!n-»
of Twelfth street. l.V> S of Folsom or Fifty
ninth. S SO by W ICO. lot S. block 23. Beaudry
| and Pela'ieau Tract. Oakland; $10.
John Boyd (single* to B«>mhard Tv*. Vnt
fjuardsen. lot on W line of Myrtle street. l."><»
N of Twenty-eighth. N 37:6 by XV 125. portton
i lot 1C block B, map Golden Gate Homestead.
Oakland; flO.
Andrea Jensen to Amelia Holmes (wife of
Edward), lot 9. block I>. map J. E. McElrath
Tract, portion plat 45. Oakland: $10.
Continental Building and Loan Associatirrj
t» II T> Bri->wn. lota 6 and 7. map subdivision
Lck<* Merritt Park. East Oakland: *10.
Ida B. and R. D. Winters to 'P'onm A
Hughes lot on N lin« *>f Athot avenu? 34f>:R
XV of N«wt0O avenu*. N 127. XV :tl : t. 8 12<«.
etc.. E portion lot 7. block D. Peralta Heights.
East Oakland: $10.
A. J.. Sobey (sinerle) to Ella Pent (wtfe of
John T.). lot B. Mock B, Suburban Tract.
Berkeley: ?10O.
Alice C. and Charles A. Bailey, by Raymond
H. Ballev. attorney, to John and Hedvi<
Bargqvist. lot on XV line of San Pablo avenue.
1S2 N of Channtng way, N 25 by W" 133. por
tion lots 12 and 13. block 121. corrected map
of Raymond Tract. Berke'ey: $10.
Willi.im G. and MartlneUa Kinseii to H?len
I A. Chase (wldow>. lot on W line of Arch
street. ISO S of Vine. S SO by W 1O7:2. por
, tlon of lots 8 and J*. blork 8. map T. M. Anti
' sell's Villa Iv.ts. Berkeley; *UiQ.
Puget Sound Lumber Company < corporation*
! to Elsie M. anil Annie L. Kelly (both single).
¦ lot on SE corner of Eaele avenue and Web
i st=r street. S 25 by E 101. Berkeley: $10.
Alameda County.
WEDNESDAY. MAY IS.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Enjoys Flirtation With an
Oakland Bachelor While
Husband Is in New York
TROUBLE IS SPREADING
PARENTAGE NOT PROVED
SAYS IT WAS HARMLESS
BKLDE IS DISCONSOLATE
Confidences Written by Mrs.
Richards to Woman Friend
Used Against the Writer
Foster Parents Must Face
Claim of Woman Who De
mands Deserted Girl Baby
Oakland Girl and English
Doctor Plan to Marry, but
Beaper Claims the Groom
Strike Because the Stockton
Employers Eefuse to Grant
Demands of Longshoremen
LETTERS RISE
FROM THE PAST
DEATH PREVENTS
THEIR WEDDING
MOTHER WANTS
DOORSTEP WAIF
FLOUR PACKERS
DESERT MILLS
Peaceful Death Ends Stirring Career of Famous
Sleuth Who for Many Years Directed the
. Work of the Wells Fargo Detective Bureau
JAMES BUNYAN HUME DIES
AT HIS HOME IN BERKELEY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1901.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALA3IEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.
Telephone Main 1083.
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
BRANCH OFFICES
OP THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
fMunyafliJinor
B W^^^ii4 MY NAME IS NOT
H fi^sK^S) KUNYADI ONLY,
I iSgM HUNYAOUANOS,
t] lEp^X^slS THE ORIGINAL,
P ri^vlT^ * ONLY GENUINE
II iff! **"*"% AND RELIABLE
P ui!tarT@ HUNGARIAN
j j Is Always Reliable for
I CONSTIPATION
A RECOMMENDATION
Of our work will bo given by any on© of
' the many we have successfully treated.
All are well pleased because all are well
served.
OUH TEETH OK FI.ATES
Are the highest achievements of that
branch of
DENTISTRY
They look well and wear well. Perform
all the functions of the natural teeth
with comfort to the wearer.
Full Set on Rubber. $3.00. *
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TAYLOR ST.. SAW TSA2TCX8CO.
973 WaaMasrton St.. Oakland.
San Joia . m m m SftonuBntoi
-Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The barkentlne B<>nicia U chartered for lum
ber from Puret Sound or Portland to Sydney
at -"3s M. with option of Melbourne or A<ie
!»lde at ¦f!* -Id. Fremantle SO*, or Oeraldtcn 51s
3d. chartered rrlcr to arrival. The ehlp Falls
r.1 t"lvd» loads eeneral cargo here for Hllo.
Merchandise for Honolulu
Th- bark Santiago ws5 cleared yesterday
for Honolulu with an assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at f23.f»78. and including the
following: 2737 gals 10 cs wine. 225 gals 75
c* mhifky. T.^V) hale* h«y. 141 ctls wheat. 213
eu» cats. 25.W6 lbs mldiSircs. 6637 lbs bran.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN'.
TO SAIL.
Eteatner. Destination. Sails. Pier.
May 19. |
J. Hipgins.. L«» Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Ncra© City.- 1 Nome via. Seattle. 10 amjPler 16
Spokane Humboldt l:30pPler 9
China 'China A Japan 1 pm Pier 40
S Cru« ! Han Pedro & "Way. 9 am'Pler 11
State of Cal . San Dle?o & Way. 9 amiPier 11
Poxno ,Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
May 30.
Ran Pedro.. iIxjb Angeles Tort*.! 4 pm Pier 2
Iaqua 'Huraboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alliance.... 'Eureka & Coos Bay Pier ltf
Centralia... : Los Angeles Ports.. 10 am Pier 10
Umaiilla iPuget Pound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
•Kay 31. . j
Cbehalis....]Oray« Harbor 3 pm.Pler 2
Arro ,T>1 River Ports... 4 pm'Pier 2
Pt. Arena. ..' Point Arena 4 pmjPier 2
Rainier Seattle Sz BTgham 4 pm: Pier 10
j S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm'Pier 2
I?eru \K. T. via Panama. 12 m! Pier 40
Portland ;Nome & Et.Mlchael 2 pm Pier 20
May 32. I
Pomona (Humboldt l:30p!Pler 8
S. Rosa san Diego & Way. 9 amIPler 11
G. W. Elder 'Aetoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 23.
Arcata Coos B A Pt. Orfd 12 m|Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Elizabeth. .. Coqullle RJver 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport St Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 8 pm Pier 20
May 35.
Arctic Humboldt 0 amjPler 2
Sequoia iWHIapa Harbor 12 m Pier 20
Hermonthls.i Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
{senator 'Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 36. j |
O. Ltndauer jOraya Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Sonoma lEydney & Way Pta. 2 pm Pier 7
May 27.
North Fork, j Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia...! Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 38.
Pan Jusn-.'jX. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Nevadan Hono. & Kabului. 3 pm Pier 16
May 29.
Hariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier J
From a Diflervnt >rin**
In Th« <~*a!l of Febraary n it was stated
that the British ship St. Mlrrea. which ar
rived late February S. after a for.g voya^w
. from Newcastle, Australia, wu loaded with
"th* tame kind of ro«l that caused the <}»..
Mruetion hy 3re of the thrp* Frankistan and
Ktinale Kerr. Although II" days on the trip
th. St. Mirretj"* carro reached here In Rood
'-ondltion and subsequent inveetlitaUon «how«
that It came from a different mine than the
<-*l carried by the two ill-fated ve«ela named
above.
roni here to tfie Orient. arrlvM ptBliiO&T at
Tonolulu. »nd artrr a *hcrt stay at the Uland
'¦>rt rrsun-.ed her voyage.
T*!» «t«>arc*hip 'Columbia, <~ar>tain Doran.
* hi»"h has b*»n conv»rt»il Into an oil burner.
«al!»<J yest^rriay for Portland on her first
•vojase with liquid fuel.
" h^ Stat<" Board of Harbor Commiision^rs
•i'A rot rr^<^. yeft^rriay. but will hold a itwt
jrr to-morrow afternoon.
Th* Orrr.an *hip P«ru arrived y»5t<?rday
at Sitka With a cargo cf real frorn Cardiff.
Sh* rsa<5»! th« trip in LSI day*. Alaska »at<?rg
*t* r-^^uliariy <lans"»rous for saiiir-s ¦.<-•*-¦ :¦<
• nd th« report of the Peru's eafe arriral will
Jj*> c^>o<! n»w» to the underwrttem.
The army freifffct transport Dix left Naca-
May IT for Seattle.
Tfce Atr.ericari-Hawa.itan line> fr»1irr!t»r.
Arneriran. bound here from N«w Tork. was at
Orcn'l yesterday. The Hawaiian of the ~r .
Mre. and also corcin* this way. has arrived j
at Ft. l*i'--la.
The Jajjanese liner America Maru. bound I
Water Front Notes.
'* turned to Pert Harford for repairs. It w«
'o'jrA that a part of the k»*I forward had
b»»n torn »waj-.
Thr inspector* tork th» matter ond*r enn
t-:i4?ration.
T.'r.ited States Local Inspectors Belles and
Bu'.st held an investigation yesterday into
t.J-- striking nn San Lets reef. May S. of the
f^&mship Eanta Cruz, while on the way frum
Easts Barbara to Pert llarford.
C. Albert, the master, testified that a dense
h r rr^vailed at the time a-nd that the b*!I
burr m.% - :r- Rork was not ringing. The
*Mp't ing ran fhert about two miles and a
ralf. AftT striking the Bteamer backed
off the reef and rroc<H?ded to Pert Harford.
>ft*r starting fresi that port for San Fran
etseo a !*ak w»* discovered and the vee»»l
Loses Her Reckoning.
Steamer. From. Due.
j Lakme ; g a n Pedro May 19
! Ariiocan , New York j May 19
I laqua San Pedro ! May 19
i San Juan New York via Panama. May Id
Centennial Prattle & Tacoma May 19
Montara Seattle [May 19
AUtance Portland & Way Ports. May 19
Czarina Coos Bay IMay 19
Argo Eel River Ports May 19
¦ G. W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria iMay 19
I Point Arena.. <Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. |May 19
• Santa Roea... s>n D!»so & Way Ports'May 19
! Arcata 'Coos Bay £ Pt. Orford.|May 20
I San Pedro : Huniboldt May 20
| Centralla Grays Harbor | May 20
| Porncna ; Humboldt IMay 20
i Bonita Newport * Way Porta. IMay 20
! Chlco Portland & Astoria |May 21
Elizabeth CoQUille River !May 21
Chehalis iSan Pedro j May 21
Mariposa j Tahiti May 21
Hf-naonthls...|Seattle [May 21
Senator ; Pug«:t Sound Porta 'May 21
Eureka ! Humboldt IMay 21
Del Norte -! Orescent City May 22
City Peking.. 1 New, York via Panama. May 22
O. Llndauer.. I Grays Harbor i May 22
Sequoia lWlllapa Harbor |May 22
Spokane jHumboldt May 23
Nevadan Honolulu A- Kahulul. ..'May 23
State of Cal..., Pan Diego & Way Pts.iMay 23
Pomo j Point Arena A Albion.. May 24
Banta Crux... 'Pan Pedro & Way Port*.lMay 24
Jeanie FeattI* & Tacoma iMay 24
North Fork... (Humboldt IMay 24
Columbia Portland & Astoria IMay 2*
City Puebla... Fuget Sound Ports May 26
City Sydney.. -fl New York via Panama. JMay 26
Curacao I Mexican Ports : May 27
Siberia IjChina & Japan IMay 23
SEATTLE^ — Arrived May 18— ;U S stmr Burn
•Ide, from Manila: Etmr City of Puebla, hence
May 18: bktn John C. Meyer, from San Pedro
Balled — Stmr Banta Ana, for Valdei.
Arrived May 18 — Br ship Dudhope, from Port
Los An; eles.
POINT REYES— Passed May 18— Stmr San
Gabriel, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Inward May lJy— Stmr
Lyra, from Hongkong, for Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived May 18— Stmr Alliance
from Coo« Bay.
galled May IS — Schr Ida McKay, for San
Franc;»co.
Sailed May 18— 8t«r Phoenix, for San Fran
cUeo.
Arrived May IS— Bchr Dora Bluhxn, from San
Pedro.
EVERETT— Sailed May 18— Schr William
Olsen. for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed In May IS— Brig W G
Irwln. hence May 5. for Roche Harbor- stmr
San Mateo, hence May 14, for Taeoma.
Pacsed In May IS — Stmr James Dollar from
Valdez, for Seattle.
TACOMA— Sailed May 18— Br ship Hougo
mont, for U K.
REDONDO— Arrived May 18— Schr Stlmson,
from Ballard.
SITKA — Arrived May 18 — Ger ship Pern,
from Cardiff.
PORT TOWNSEND — Inward May IS — Bchr
Challenger, from San Pedro, for Port Had
lock; echr Wlnslow. hence May 6.
Arrived May 13 — Schr Mahukona, from Re-
DOMESTIC PCTRTS,
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May IT— <J#r bark
Llsbeth. for U. K.
SPOKEN,
May 12— In lat 41 N. long 11 W. Fr bark
Genevleve Mollnos, from Swansea, for San
Francisco.
Apr 23— In lat 24 11 N, long 42 32 W ship
TUlie E. Starbuck. from New York, for Hon
olulu.
POINT LOBOS, May 18, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 mllee p<sr hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Wednesday. May 18.
Stmr Eureka, Jewen, Eureka.
Stmr ColuTibla, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn. Jahnsen. Port Rodgers.
Ptmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma.
Stmr Footia. Johnson. San Vicente Landing
Stmr Navarro, Weber, .
Bnrk Santiago. Anderson. Honolulu.
Brig Lurllne, Forest. Grays Harbor.
Bktn Mary Wlnkelmann, Guttorm««n, Col
umbia River.
P'-hr Ran Baenavenfara, L»mbk» Grays
Harbor.
Pohr Queen. Nlelson. Port Gamble.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyea.
Camano Saxe. Port Gamble.
CLEARED
Wednesday. May 18.
Etmr State of California, Thomas, San Die
go; P C S S CO.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; Charles
Nelson Co.
Br ship Donna Francisca. Simon, VanccuTW,
B. C; Balfour. Guthrle & Co.
Bark Santiago Anderson, Honolulu; J. D.
Spreckels Bros. & Co.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May IS.
Stmr F. A. Klltrarn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodgers.
Stmr Celia, Nordberg. 18 hours from Albion.
Stmr Alcazar, Winkle, 13 hours from Green
wood.
Etmr Mandalay, Smith, 28 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Georg* Loomis. Badger. 40 hour* from
Redondo.
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, 25 hours from
Eureka.
Bark Haydn Brown. Asplund. 7 days from
Tacoma.
Schr Newark. Relnertsen, 11 heurm from
Stewarts Point.
Shipping Intelligence.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
The French ship Laraoriciere was taien eff
the overdue list yesterday and posted at
Lloyds as ur.insura.ble- She Is out 196 days
from New Caledonia fcr Glasgow ar.d was
C acted for reinsurance at 90 per cent. Tee
rate on the overdue steamer Conemaagh was
m&rmaetS to *5 per cent and the PHca'.rn Isl
irj'j rate was marked up to 20 per cent. The
Lsncma is «t:II quoted at 90 per cent. Two
nrw overdue* we-e posted yesterday, and cr.e
of tn^m, tfce British ship Leyland Bros.. Is
u ( ;; known at this. port. The Leyland Bros.
t4 out lit! days injza Newcastle, Australia. Tor
£a!;na Crux. The other vessel Is the Britirh
tarkentine Ilsia, a three-masted steel vessel
of 31* tons net register. The lima left Lon
don November 5 for AaclUand. She sailed
ma St. Viscest, Cap* Verde Islands, Dece:*
br SO. ar.d is now out 111 days from St. Vin
• r.t. ' Each new overdue Is quoted at 10 per
cent.
Overdue Ship Uninsurable.
Sailed May 18 — Jap rtmr America. Maru, for
China and Japan.
Arrived May 18 — U S atmr Mohican, hence
May 7.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK — Arrived May 18 — Stmr Alll
anca, from Colon.
galled May 17 — Stmr Seguranca. for Colon.
BALTIMORE^ — Arrived May 17 — Br stmr
South Australia, from Caleta Buena.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived May 17— Stmr City of '¦.
Puebla. hence My 15.
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 17— Br ship
Chlltonford. from Tacoma.
GREENOCK— Sailed May 18— Fr bark Bid
art, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP — Sailed May 15 — Br ship Brit
ish Isles, for Ean Francisco; Br bark Inver
rnark, for Port Los Angeles.
Sailed May 11— Fr thlp Desalx, for Oregon.
SHANGHAI— Arrived May 17 — Schr Mln
doro. from Everett.
BREST— Sailed prior May 17— Fr bark Mar
guerite Xlirabaud. for Pan Francisco; Fr ship
Champigny. for San Francisco.
GIBRALTAR— Passed May 16 — Span etmr
Alicante from Liverpool, for Manila; Span
stmr Isl'a de Luzon, from Manila, for Liver
pool May 17— Br etmr Sikh, from New York,
for Marlla.
COLOMBO— Salted May 16 — Span stmr Isla
de Panay. for Manila.
SINGAPORE — Sailed May 16— Span stmr
Antonio Loptz, for Liverpool.
ADEN — Arrived May 17— Br stmr Lowther
Castle, from New York, for Manila.
ST. LUCIA— Arrived May IS— Stmr Ha.
wallan. from New York, and sails May 15
for Coronel and Fan Francisco.
CORONEL— Arrived May IS — Etmr Ameri
can from Now York, and sails May 19 for
San Diego and San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— Sailed May 17— U S stmr Dlx,
for Seattle. In port May 17— U S stmr Bu
ford, from Manila, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived May 18— Stmr Ken!?
Albert, from Genoa.
dondo, for Ballard.
COSMOPOLIS — Arrived May 18 — Schr Lizzie
Vance hence May 7.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 17 — Schr Caro
line, from Cmpoua. May 18 — Stmr Bonita,
hence May 15; schr Sadie, from Umpqua River.
Arrived May IS — Schr W. H. Smith and schr
Defiance, from Grays Harbor; schr Louise,
from Umrqua.
Sailed May IS — Stmr Lakme, for Saa Fran
ci»co.
Sailed May 17 — Stmr Noyo, for San. Fran
cisco; schr Lucy, for Umpqua River; schr
Maid of Orleans, for : bktn Gardiner City,
for San Francisco. May 18 — Schr Robert
Searles. for Graye Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrlred May IS— Schr
Ottllie Fjord, from Topolambo; schr F. B. Red.
field, from Eas Pedro; stmr Santa Monica,
hence May 14.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 18— Stmr Anrella.
hencA May 14.
Sailed May IS— Schr Virginia, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived May 18 — Ger ship Elfrieda, from
Rotterdam; Ger stmr NIcomedia, from Hong
kong; «chr G. "W. Watson. henc« May 7.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived May IS— Br bark
Luctpara, from Tacoma.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed May 1*— Stmr
Pasadena, for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived May 18— Stmr
Acme, from Eureka.
Sailed May 18 — Stmr Santa Rosa, far Ban
Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK — Arrived May IS — Schr
Challenger, from San Pedro.
Sailed May 18 — Schr Ludlow, for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived May 18 — Jap stmr
America Marn. hence May 12.
Palled May 18— Br ship Scottish Hills, for
An ounce of get-up-and-get is better
than a pound of that "tired feeling."
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
buildlr.R wsls dropped exactly at noon to-day —
t. «¦.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 6
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office. V. S. N\, Mer
chants' Exchange, fcan Francisco, Cal.,
May IS. 1904.
l..o ctls barley, 02 ctls com. 33.SS0 lbs sugar.
II bbls extract. 1« pk?s paste. 40 bbls pickled
«!xon, 40 cs canned g-oods. 31.500 lbs salt,
LM0 Itw lard, 5350 Om beans. 300 lbs coffee.
3fc67 lbs bread. 113.036 ft lumber, 100 bdls
shingles. 40 keps nails. 200 cs coal oil. 63 bbls
oil. 13 pkgs drugs and chemical*. 1S5 pkgs
pap*>r. 9 bd!s brooms. 125 bbls lizne. 6 pkgs
paints. 10 cs fuse. 31 pkgs wagon material.
3tf9S lbs Kda. 7000 gals distillate. 7 bales
hose. 10 bbls tar, 13 pkgs dry goods, 175 bxs
soap, 4 cs hats. 2S10 lbs tobacco, S cs boots
and shoes.
?
Time Ball.
THURSDAY. MAY 19.
Fun rises 4:5(5
Sun sets 7:16
Moon sets 11.10 p. m.
" lTlme| jTlmej j Time I JTlme "
p ¦ . rt. i Ft. J Ft. Ft.
3 ;h w| il w] ]h wl ]l w
10 1:201 5.4] 8:20i—O.4 3^3? 4.7~8729| 3.1
20 2:16 5.1J 9:161 — 0.1 4:30 4.7 9:42 3.1
21 3:22| 4.8 10:12, 0.2 5:22 4.9 11:00 2.7
22 4:40! 4.6 11:12! 0.7 6:13 5.21
L W 'H W !l W H W
23 ! 0:14i 2.21 6:07 4.2)12:12 1.1 7:02 5.4
24 t 1:201 1.5(7:261 4.3 1:11 1.4/ 7:50| 5.«
23 I 2:12| 1.01 8:40j 4.8) 2:00| 1.6j 8:35J 5.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the Euccesslve tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: th»
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. 1
BRITISH SHIP LEYL.AND BROTH
ERS. WHICH HAS BEEN PLACED
OX OVERDUE LIST.
After a man has paid a woman a few
compliments he will be voted a "mean
thing" if he suspends payment.
RIVERSIDE, May 18. — A merger of
the Union Savings Bank and Riverside
Savings Bank and Trust Company was
effected to-day. The former concern
loses its identity in the deal. The con
solidated bank will have a capital
stock of $50,000, a surplus of $30,000
and deposits of $90,000.
Riverside Banks Consolidate.
XOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front 'Mission-Btreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time ?jid Height ol High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority or the
Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. j For. I Satis.
Diriffo 'ekajr»-ay & Way Porta. May 19
Humboldt jSkagway & Way Ports. May 21
J. Dollar Valdea & Seward May 22
Dolphin • Skagway & Way Port*. May 21
Nome City Nome 'May -5
City Seattle... ' Skagway A Way Porte. JMay 28
Cottage City. . ! Ekag-way <fc Way Ports.JMay C>i
FaraJlon ¦ Skagway 6c Way Ports. jMay 29
FROM SEATTLE.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
China, which will sail to-day for the
Orient, will take a full cargo. 115
\abin passengers, thirty Japanese and
about 100 Chinese.
Huntington Wilson, secretary of the
United States legation at Tokio. will
return to his post on the China, ac
companied by Mrs. Wilson. Wilson
returned some weeks ago to claim the
bride he is taking out to his Japanese
b one.
J. C. Jenkins, Judge of the Court of j
The First Instance in the Philippines, j
xvill be another passenger and will be
accompanied by his family.
The China will call at Manila and
among her passengers are fifty Gov
ernment employes, among them many
school teachers. Fifteen prominent j
Japanese, who have been In the dif
ferent European capitals and In Eng- !
lar.d in the service of the Mikado, will j
also take passage on the China.
REDDIXG. May IS. — Through an
understanding of. the Assessors of
Northern California and the State
Board of Equalization there la to be a
uniform increase in valuations placed
on timber lands In Northern California
counties. There will also be a larj?e
increase in the acreage taxed. The
two combined will make a material in
crease in the tax rolls of the counties
affected. In Sh^asta County Assessor
Collins will assess some timber land
at $8 50, and none will be assessed at
less than $5 an acre. The rate will
be based on the remoteness of the land
from the railroad. Last year timber
land in Shasta County was assessed at
$3 20 an acre.
Board of Equalization and County As
sessor Plan a General
Increase.
ASSESS3IENTS TO GO
UP OX TIMBER LAND
I
LOS ANGELES, May 18. — The con
vention of the Brotherhood of Loco
motive Engineers continued in execu
tive session to-day and adjourned
without having made public any of
the proceedings of the day. It Is un
derstood that the attention of the dele
gates is still occupied in the receiving
of resolutions from the various divi
sions and in referring them to the
proper committees. The number of
these memorials is greatly In excess of
those received at previous conventions
of the brotherhood and is requiring a
great deal of time in their considera
tion.
Although several days will elapse
before the convention will reach the
work of electing grand officers, there
is much talk of the probable candi
dates. The present grand chief engi
neer, W. S. Stone, is a candidate for
re-election. Other candidates for the
position will be J. F. Wills of Pitts
burg and M. H. Shay of Youngstown,
Ohio. It is denied that J. C. Currie,
present grand assistant engineer, will
be a candidate for the office of grand
chief, notwithstanding that he has
been frequently mentioned for the of
fice.
When the elections shall have been
disposed of the various committees will
report upon the great mass of business
assigned to them. One of the im
portant reports will bear upon the mat
ter of disbursements of funds of the
order for aid, charity and pensions.
It Is estimated that as much as $40,000
will be appropriated by the present
convention for these objects.
"The area which can be irrigated by
the proposed Government works is
estimated at about 2,000,000 acres.
These lands are not only unusually
fertile, but on account of the climate
will produce crops during practically
the entire year. The climate and
physical characteristics of the river
and the features upon which Irriga
tion will depend partake largely of
the nature of the Nile in Egypt, in
volving much the same problems and
returning much the same products."
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, May 18. — The Secre
tary of the Interior to-day announced
the withdrawal of a large body of land
in Colorado for the purpose of build
ing a ereat national reservoir at what
is known as the Kremmling' site in
the canyon of the Grand River, the
largest tributary of the Colorado.
Government engineers finding it im
possible to provide storage in the
lower reaches of the Colorado for ex
tensive systems of irrigation. It was
planned to have investigated the val
leys of the principal tributaries and
they } decided upon Kremmling as the
most valuable site available. An of
llcial of the Geological Survey, speak
ing of the effect of the action of Sec
retary Hitchcock, said:
"The knowledge that a vast stor
age reservoir is to be constructed at
the headwaters of the Colorado should
relieve much of the apprehension that
now exists in the lower valley regard
ing the proposed diversion of this
stream upon the lands above Yunxa.
It also will simplify In a large meas
ure many vexing questions which
might arise between Mexico and this
country over a division of the water.
The California Development Company
has undertaken works below Yuma
that ultimately might employ about
all the normal flow of the stream.
During the spring the flow of the river
is more than double all ita require
ments and probably equal to the de
mands of the irrigation plans of the
Government and the private enter
prises besides. If abundance can be
stored this spring to be used in time
fit need much of the difficulty can be
overcome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Many Seek Office and a
Lively Fight Is Promised
for Place of Grand Chief
Headwaters of River Will
Supply Abundance of Wa
ter for Two Million Acres
ELECTION APPROACHES
SOIL TO BE RECLAIMED
Government "Withdraws a
Body of Land in Colorado
for Building of a Reservoir
Passenger List of Liner Which Sails To-Day In
cludes the Secretary of the United States Le
gation at Tokio and Some Prominent Japanese
Locomotive Brotherhood in
Executive Session Hears
From Various Committees
STEAMSHIP CHINA WILL CARRY MANY
DISTINGUISHED PEOPLE TO FAR EAST
WILL IRRIGATE
IMMENSE TRACT
MANY REPORTS
TO ENGINEERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL', THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
15
EXTRAORDINARY
CREDIT SALE
Bj order «f
HIBERNIA BANK
W« will off.r a choice list of
Investment. Residence and Un-
improved Properties
At our salesroom
Monday, May 23rd,
1904
%
\
at 12 o'clock noon
Terms: Only I /lj Cash
For catalogue and further partle-
ulars, apply
G. H. Umbsen & Co.
20 Montgomery Street
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leare Via Sasitllt* Ftrrj Arrive
San Francisco K««t tf ttarkrt St. San Fraud »co
Week Sna- JJJL riuu- Week
.... 8:30a E£**ai&SS 12;45P* 8:45a
10:00a wfiginM 2:05r*tt:05A
10:00 a 11:00 a W^fi^ 3:33 P 3:35 r
1:45 r 12:20 p 6:<0p 6:15 p
6:15 r 1:45 p 6:15 r 10.06 r
I 4:35 r 8:50 F
« TIs Crttity Car. * TmisIbsJs U liB itSWj.
Tick«t J«26 MakkstSt. (North Shore Railroad)
Omcis <*nd Sacsalito FxaBT, Foot Market St.
TEN DOIiliAHS REWARD.
A re\vard of 910.00 will be
paid for the arrest and convic-
tion of any person caught steal-
ing o newspaper from the mem-
bers of the union or their sub-
scribers.
SAN FRANCISCO
NEWSPAPER CARRIERS*
PROTECTIVE UNION.
This in addition to the $10.00
offered by The Call will make
a reward of $20.00 for the ar-
rest and conviction of any per-
son caught stealing a Call from
patrons.
ADVXHTISEMENT3.
CALIFORNIA f
LIMITED TO CHICAGO fl
LEAVES DAILY it
•t 0:30 •. =u, thronri la S Amts, I
wlti Cintx aad all trapptairi, «!
Otatr Saata 7* Tr*ia«:
B-M 5:1 for Stockton. Fresno. BakanSaM.
8:011 pt ml J Merced. Haafart and Vl»*av
4:00 p. rn. for Btocktoa.
8:00 p. m. for y «^»»- City. Oraad CasTaa aaJ
Cslcaca
TXCXST OTTXCS3— «4I SCazkrt St. an*
Perry Depot. S. T. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 37 South rirst 8tu
Saa Jose.
' y^ H^v Tral«» lemra aad ar« «u»
/>K<TTr>^\ to arrlv* at
(J^^W2J 8AN FRANCISCO.
\£JX (Tom ot Market 8treM>
l»at» -^ MAIN LINE. -ami^T
7-00* T«eaTlii«. wfateri, Roia»ey_ 7 BQr
7 00a Bealela, Salsaa. Elmlra aad Smerar
mento 7-2Qr
7 -30a T«.!]-jo. Kspa. Caltstoc*. Saata
Rosa. M*r;!aei, S»a Ctaoa 8 20?
7-53* Ntles. Ltrersiore. Tracy. Latarop,
Stockron 7-23*
8.00* Bbwta Express— (Via Darts*.
WHiiams (for BarUett Sprtagt),
WUiows. *Frnto. I'.ed BlaS.
¦ Portland. Tscoma, Seattle 7-fiOr
8W* r>»»:».W o <xi:»24.Ka 1 iSu L»3iU»«. *
Marymile. OravtUa 7-50-*
8-Ma Port Cost*. Martinez. Aatloca,
Byroa, Tracr. Stocktoa. Xe-ir-
BU, Los B » ion. M • a i o t ».
Annoaa. Eanforo. Tltalls,
PoTMrnne 4JZ9r
1.30* Pert Coata. LaUirop. Modesto.
Hereed. Fretao, &e«Iiea Junc-
tion, Hsaford, Vlialls. Bakers*
Held 4-SOr
8-3Oa Si; em, 3»a Jote. Llrermore. 5Wt-
toa.(*M12toa). Ieae. Saersaseato^
Piseemne, Maryirtlle, Cilco.
Red Bluff 4t9f
8 30* Omkdale. Caiaete, Jameito-va, So-
aors. Tnolnmae »nd Angels 4 2O»
940a At:*atlcKi?f!«« — Oclen»ai Z*'i. 11-23»
9 iO* Richmond, MarCaes aad Wsy
Statioas ISO
10 00a Ta« Orerlaail Umttad — Ugdea.
Deayer. Omaas, Calca<«. 9.20r
104)0* Vsuejo W.20*
10 00* Los Aai*!e« Pmtj?r — Port
Ccata. Murtiaei. Byroa. Trsey.
Latarop. Stocktoa, Merced,
R»T=ioni. Fresno. Ooshra Jaao-
ttoa. Haaford, Leaioora. Vlsalls.
BakenSald. Loa Aacales 7-?9»
12 Cfl-w Hayward. NHes aad Way Stat:oas. S-20p
t140> Sacramento K'.r-r Steamer*^ flVOOr
ZZCr Benleia, Winters. Sacraaento^
Woodlaod. Knijhfi Landing,
MaryiTr.'.e, Ororllle sad wi/
staUoas t9-8«A
SJOr HarwariXUesaadWay StaCfoas.. 7 5U?
3 30r Pert Costa. Maniacs. Byroa.
Tracy, Latarep. Modesto.
Merced. Ber-n4v Presao aad
Way SUUoas b«yocd Port Costa 12-29*
Z-3QT To*ealte Valley, »!a Bercnda aad
Wawoaa S-6C«
3.3O Manias*. Traey. Stoe&toa. L*dl... 10.20a
4 00r Marttaex.SanKamoa.VaileJoJfsaa,
CaUstoca. Saata Boaa. 9-M*
4-tOr Klles. Tra«r. Stockton. Lodl 420p
4 SQr Hayward. Nile*. Irrlactoa. Saa) tt-SOa
Jose. Lirermore ) 111.64*
tXQr Th« Owl LlsilMd— Kevmaa. Lot
Baaos, Meadota. F.-e«ao. Talare,
Bakertaeld.LoeAaceles. W0»
StOr Port Com*. Tracy, etoekwa 12-207
tiiOr Hayward. Kites aad Saa Jos« ..... 7 20*
8-0O> Hsyward. SUes aad Saa Joe*. 9 50*
i-Car Eaaiera £zprc«a— Ovdea. Dearer.
Omaaa. 8t. Louis. Chicago aad
Eui Port Coita, Benlclv Sni-
• oa. KIrnlra. Darts. Sacrasoeatdw
Roeklla. Aobara, C*lfsz,
Truc»?«. Boes. Rose. Ws4«>
wor;X VTiaa'ciaeca & 21?
S.OOr Ta]leJo« dally, ezc«pc Saaday.... t y r-.
7X0» Vallejo. Soaiay oaly f / -* g>
7M0r Rlcbmond. Saa P*bio. Port Costa,
Marttaes aad Way StaUoas 11-23*
7-COp 0f?C0B * Cal!fora!a Riyre«« Sae-
raaeatck Marytrine, Beddtag;
' PorUaad. Pvget Soaad aad East. 8-59 a
8-06? Keao Passeacer — Trnckee, Laka
Taho« 750a
t.Mir Hay-ward. KBe* aad 6aa Jose (3aa-
dayenly) 1180*
COAST LINE Marrow Ca*?e).
(Foot of Mwtn Streat.)
7.45a Santa CrwEx<r3rs!on(Sa3<!»y only) t-18r
8-15* Kewark. Ceaterrtll-. Sta Jose,
Fcltoa. Boalaer Creek, Saata
Croi aad W»y Statloas 5-51*
tt-ISr Kewark. CeaterrUle. Saa Jose,
Ke-w Almadea. Loa 6atoa.F<toa.
Boulder Cr*tek. Saata Crai aad
Principal War StaUoni tt3J»*
».18» Kewark. SaaJoae. L«sGstos aad » 1 55 »
way mUons )H055i
HARBOR FERRY.
rrea SAN > KAN CliCO. Foot of Uarkst 3s. ( 31!?«>
-tT:13 *:0O 11:00 *.«. 1C0 3 00 5.15 T.M.
From OAKLAND, root at Broadway — t»:UB £}tM
W_:0» _W:C0 am. 12 00 2 00 400 r if.
COA§T LINE <Bre»d «a«»e).
m tycitilrd aaJ Towmea4 3tre<t«.)
6-10* fian Jote and Way Statioas. 8~5cT
t7C0* Saa Jote aad Way Sutloat 5 40?
7.15a Monterey aad Saata Cms Erenr-
sloa rsoadayoaly) 10 30T
> CO * New Almadea (Taes.. Frtd^ only). 4. Mr
8 CQa The Coaster — Stopa oaly 3ao Jo*».
G:!roy (eonnectloa fur HolUs-
ter). Pajaro. CasCrorUle (con-
nection to aad from Moatere*
and Pact9c Grore). Sa!laaa. Saa
Ar#\ Paso Robles. 6snta Mar-
faxita. Saa Lais ubi»pf», principal
* itatioBs thence Sort (connection
for Lompoc), prtselpiU ttsttoas
tbeace Saata Barbara, dan Unav
reatara, Barbaak. Loa Aas«:es . 10.48**
t.COA 6»n Jose, Tres Plaos. Capttc4a>
SaataCmaJ'aciflcGroTe.SaliBa*,
Saa Lots Obtspo aad PTtnetBai
Way Station* ?.ia»
1330* 6sb Jose sad Way SCat!ont 1.20*
11-50* Saata Clara. Saa Joie. Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.J8>
1-SOr Saa Jose aad Way SUttons I.JIt
3-00? Del Monte Exprena— Santa aara.
Baa Jom, Dr! Moate. Moaterey.
PacUte Orore (connect* at Saata.
Clara, except Snnday. for Saata
Cras, Bonlder Creek aad Narrow
GaagePotati) st Gl'.ror far Rol-
llster. Tres Plaos. *t Psjsro for
Saata Cruz, st Castror&a for
Salinas 12.15*
3 JO* Tree Plaos War Paaaeazer 10-45*
4.307 Baa Jo»« aad Way Statioas r8 CO*
•5 00' Saata Clara, Saa Joae. Loe Oatoe,
aad prtaclpal Way dtattoas (ex-
cept Sauday) t9 00*
IS 3 Op BaBjoteaadPrtnelpalWarSuttoas 19.40a
6,49' Sonset Limited.— Bedwoc<t. S.ia
Jose,OUroy.Ss'Jaas.Paso Robles,
8aa LuU Obtspo, Saata Barbara.
Los Angeles. DemtBjr. El Pasow
New Orleaaa, N>w Tork. Coa-
aects at Pajaro for Saata> Cms
and at Castrortll* for Paclfls
Grore aad Way Station* 7.18*
tf -16> Baa Mateo. BeresforcUBelmoat. Saa
Carlos, Bedwood. Fair Oaks.
MealoPsrk. Palo Alto 18.4*4.
I SOr Baa Joee sad Way Scauons. S 33*
8C0f Pslo Alto and Way Stations 10. 15a
1 1 -30r somh Saa Fraadsco. M tUbrs«. Bar- ; •
Ilnzame. Sao M»teo. Belnaoat,
Saa Car!oa. Bedwood. Fair Oaks,
Meolo Park, aad f»\o Alto 9 45*
• 11-30T M*yneM, Moaatala View. Sosay-
rale. Lawreace, Saata Clara and
SsaJoto O-45y
A f ar Mornia*. P for Afteraooa.
ISaadarezeepud. tSaadajoely.
a Satarday soly.
I Stops at all statioas 00 Bttaday.
tar only traini stapotas; at Valencia St. »oaO>B««w|
\i30r.M. aid !;«*.*, !TJ
j^J^^Track Railway between the I \VhM5§nR */
J&ijr Missouri River and Chicago. \£*^^^MlmP2x\K.
If Three Fast Trains
If Chicago and East Jl
Soatiwrn Padtle, Union Pacific and CWc«8« - Norti-Wtstam By*. MB
M.^. Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment jffja
observation cars, buffet smck.!r.g and library cars; Sffflr
For sleeping car reservations, tickers and iaiarmatlon J0 ft/
»L^^^k apply to ajrents Southern Paciac Co., or to J&\^2§
'>W>)O» k R. R. RITCHIE. Ge=er«! Artnt. tSrj&^
CHICAGO £ HCBTH-WESTEM Kt.
I Everywhere I
I as * I
|| Burlington Overland Excur- I
l\ sions leave San Francisco on g
9 certain days every week for B
I St, Loui3 and the World's Fair; 1
I also for all the principal eastern B
| cities reached via St. Louis and H
m The excursions travel in Pull- ||
a man tourist sleeping cars, thro' h
a Salt Lake City and Denver, pass- I
| ing the grand scenery of the |
B Rocky Mountains by daylight. B
I The cost of a double berth, com- g
S fortable for two persons, is $6.50 1
I to St. Louis and $7 to Chicago. Eg
B An experienced special con- m
| ductor is in charge of each |
§ excursion. n
R Let me tell yon more alxmt Oils good Eg
B way of going east. Postal card will bring B
M W.O.SANBORN.6en'IAgt.BorilngtenR«iit» |
9 mt* 631 Market St, San Francisco. fj
CALIFORNU NORTBVESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BATXWAT COMPA3TT.
Tlhuroa rerry. root or Karxat Street.
SAN FBASTCISCO TO SAW UATAHXt.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00t 9:00^ 11 :w) a. m.;
12:33. 2:30^ 3:40. 3:10, 6:50. 8:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
BUN'DATS— T:30. 8:0O, 9:3a 11:00 a. ra.: 1:3a,
2:30. S:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW SAPAII TO 8A2T 7XAJTCZSOO.
WEEK DAYS — «:U3, «:3O. 7:33. 7 :0u. »UW.
11:15 a. ex; 12:86. ti:00, 3:4a 8:00. 8:28.
0:23 p. zn. Saturday* — Extra trip at 1:49
SUN DATS— «:50. 7:33. 9:20. U:13 a. in.; 1:44,
3:40. 4:S0. 0:00. 0:20. 6:25. 7:S0 p. m. THi :
cept Saturdays.
Eearti j In E2»ct j AttIt«
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. | Baa Fraa.
Week I San- I D««tlna- I Sea- I \7»^k
Daya. | daya. | tloa. | day. ( Daya.
"r"]~ 7:30a 7:43 al 7:43 a
I :^* S : S2* 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Icaaeto^ 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:COp 8:20 p
0:10 p B:l«p 6:20 p 7:23 p
7:23 p
J | 8:43 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:43a|7:4»a
8:0O a 8:00 a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30a Petaloma 6:20 p 6:2Op
0:10 p 2:30 p aad 7:23 pj 7:23 p
5:10 p Eanta Rosa. 8:43 p[
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:2Oa|10:2Oa
8:00a 8:00a Fulten. 7:23p|6:2Op
2:30 p 2:30 p [ 8:43 yf 7:23 p
Windsor. I
T:30a 7:30 a Healdcbors; 110:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. I
2^0 p 2:30 p GeyMrvUl*. T:23 p 7:t3 p
| OoverdaJa. |
7:30a|7:30a| Hcpland 110:20 allO:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| and Cklah. | 7:23 p( 7:23 p
j i WUlIta, j i
7:30 a[ 7:30 a| Sherwood. I 7:23 p| 7:23 p
8:00 at 8:00 al Ouern«vlll» and 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p[ 2:30 pf Camp Vacation. | 8:43 p| 6:20 p
8:00a 8:00a 8:40 al 8:40a
i:10p 9:30 a Sonoma, 6:00 p 6:20 p
8:10 p Gl«n Ellen. | 8:43 p
7:30 al 7:30 a] 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p( SebartopoL t 7:23 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Eanta Rc*a for Whtt*
Eulphor Spnnsa; at Fulton for Altruri* and
Mark We«t Sprln«»: at Lyttoa for Lyttoa
Bprlngi; at Ocytervilie for Ekajnts Springs- at
Cloverdalo for the Geysers. Boon«vUla and
Grernvood; at Hopland for Duncaa Eprinn.
Hlsh!acd Spring* Kels-yrllle. CarUbad
Eprlnss. Eoda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Eprtosa; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Baratora
6prln«* Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Laju. Witter
Bprlnr*, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley
John Day* a. imertid*. Li»rley's Bukaei)*L
Banhedria Helrhta. HuUTllIe. Orr** Hot
Eprlnga. Halfway Hou««. Coraptche. Caaa
Btevsns. Hopkina, Mendodno City. Fort Braxz
Westport. Vaal; at WUllt* for Fort Brail'
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Laytan-
TlUe, CumalM, BeXTs Bprlnn. Harrta. OI-
»«n«. Dyer. Oarbenrllle, Pepperwood. 8ootl».
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«-
duced tates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
buUilcs-'
H. C WHTTTNO. R. 3C KTAJ»,
Pen. Manaxw. Gen. Pass. Art.
B TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Samallto 7«rry.
BtTBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OAUGE.
L>«pav* frrm S^n Franclsw. wetk days, at
fi:30 7:10, 7:45. S:3O. 9:15. 10:00. U:0O a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausaltto only). 12:20. 1:45. 3:15.
4:00. 4:33. 5:13. 5:50. 6:25. 7:13. 9:00. 10:20.
11-33 p m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
¦t'710. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 3:15. 4:0O. 4:33.
5:13. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:53
p in.
ArrlT« at San Francisco, wnk days. 6:17.
7:0O. 7:35. 8:15. S:45, 9:35. 10:20. 11:03 a. m..
1205 1:23. 2:00. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. »:4O. 6:15.
6.55 7:53 10:05. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays sna
leg-ai holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43, 2:05.
6:60 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:« a. m..
3-13 p. m.. 5:15 P. n>. .'ex. Sat.) On Sundays
and lesraf holidays, at 7:45. 8:30. 9:13. 10:00.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30, 7:13
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIXS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Caxadero and way stations.
8:13 a. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
' 3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. m. dally except Eaturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, eta.
7:15 p. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
8:15 p. m. Sundays only — For Cazadero etc.
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market «t.
FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD CSB DAMIANA BITTERS. THS
Great Mexican Remedy; etvea health aad
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
16
EMPLOYMENT IVAXTED— FJEMALB.
A GERMAN — oman. good worker, wants any
kind et work by the day; $1 50 per day. 3.
L.. 4 Elisabeth place, off Folsom St., be-
tween Third and Fourth. I
A GOOD plain cook wants a position for cook-
ing or general housework: 3 years" reference
from last place; wages $30. Call or address
710 Buchanan st.. near Hayes; car fare paid.
COLORED : woman wishes a position; general
housework, plain washing and cooking, with
those who do not object to child of 5 years;
will go to the country; wages $C0. 320 Ritch.
WANTED — By lady, needlework, plain or em-
broidery, or copying at home: residence G.
.6. ave. Address box 3983, Call office.
AA— BOOKKEEPER, cashier: young lady ex-
pert rapid accountant; all modern methods;
highest references or bond. Box S793. Call.
EASTERN trained nurse wishes engagements;
reasonable; convalescent cases half price;
b«st references. ¦ Phone Polk 4700.
COLORED girl would like a place to do light
housework. Call at 1020 Pacific st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tbe
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Brunch office, cor. Duncan & Church »ts.
KM PLOYMEXT WAMED MAI.K.
NEAT, sober man wants place to do chores:
very good with horses; can milk; handy at
housework; email wages; good home pre-
ferred. Box 3051. Call.
POSITION wanted by experienced dry goods
and shoe salesman: have bad twenty years'
experience. 3651 Twenty- second st.
GARDENER wants situation; single, mlddla-
aged. steady and obliging; references.
Gardener. 322 Third St.. room S3.
CHEMIST— A high-class chemist desires a po-
sition at a mine at a nominal salary. Address
ALEX ROY. 512 Mason st.
YOUNG man wants position as store porter or
yardman; Intelligent and quick. Box 3917.
Call offlee.
Painter, paper-hanger, signwrfter, -wants work;
prices mod. 1272 Folsom st. ; phone Mint 131.
ALL-ROUND handy man wants work of any
kind. Address 828 Madison st.. Oakland.
DRYGOODS. notion and hosiery salesman de-
sires a permanent position with wholesale
jobbing house; 5 years' experience; reference
furnished. F. L. LAWRENCE. 2024 Wool-
sty at.. Berkeley. Cal.
DRUGGIST . would like position In wholesale
drug house in laboratory; have been In re-
tail business 10 years; graduate and regis-
tered In four States. T. P. LAUFFER. 2024
Woolsey St.. Berkeley. Cal.
WATCHMAN or position of trust by a naval
man who does not use Intoxicants or to-
bacco In any form; no objection to steam-
ship or ferry. Box 3922, Call.
MAN and wife (English): man first-class coach-
man, etc.; wife good cook or housework; city
or country; personal reference. Box 3879,
Call office.
A UNION barber, steady and sober, wishes
position in or near the business district;
short hours no objection. Box 3915. Call.
EXPERIENCED cutter wishes a position: is
also an experienced tailor; good references.
342 Grove st.
A GOOD painter, paperhanger and tlnter wants
work; tools furnished. Box 3427. Call office.
CHINESE, good cook, wants situation: house-
work, plain washing. LEE GANG, 736 Sac-
ramento at.
CHINESE first-class cook wants position In
hotel, boarding-house or cannery In city.
Address L. G., 776 Clay St.. San Francisco.
JAPANESE schoolboy, wants a position in
small family: speaks 1 fine. Box 3984, Call.
FLATS TO LET.
AA A— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable v&c«.nt nouies, and fiats arc Hat-
ed In our free renting department; vrtt 10M
In number; a combined list from all agenoles;
let us give you a list and help you to And a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1889 MARKET ST.,
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an 1m m ens* list:
service absolutely free; tak* advant&g* of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordea Furnitur* Co.. 24&-23S- Geary
•t.. on the square.
SUNNY flat of 3 rooms, yard and cillar la
rear of 911 Filbert St.: $9- Inquire baker
shop. 911 Filbert at.
HICKORY ave.. 343 — Flat, 5 rooms, bath, sta-
tionary , washtrays.
MCALLISTER. 1909, near Park— Lower flat:
3 sunny rooms; wooden mantels and tnbe; $11
OAK. 334 — Flat, 6 rooms, bath, stationary
washtrays.
LAKE. 740-742 — New flats, 6 rooms each;
rent $25-$30; fine view. ;
WOODWARD, 13. nr. 13th and Valencia— Up-
per flat. 5 r. ; bath; mod.; sunny; cheap rent.
A NEW modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; rea-
sonable to responsible party. 82S Harrison st.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms. 401 Oak at. cor.
Laguna, . . . .
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
NEW modern 7-room flat; sun In every room.
325 Bartlett street.
FLATS TO LET KURSISHED.
$30— SUNNY, elegantly furnished for house-
keeping; piano; porcelain bath; 4 minutes'
walk from City Hall; no children. 332 Hayes.
GROVE, 713^ — Flat of 7 rooms; coal and gas
stoves; piano; call 11 to 3 o'clock.
GEARY. 691 — Cozily furnished flat. « rooms;
new; to rent or for sale; banraln.
FLAT. & rooms, furnished, bath, yard; refer-
ence. 70S Market st., room 312.
FLATS FOIt SALE — FUKSISHBD.
OCTAVIA. 1263 — Newly furnished corner flat;
all front rooms: rooms full of boarders; party
going East; must sell.
FOR eale — 8 cozily furnished flats. Apply T.
J. DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market. Callaghan bd.
FURNISHED B-room flat for sale or rent
cheap. 278 Tehama st.
ALMOST new. elegant furniture, ft-room flat,
reasonable; no dealers. Call 471 Haight st.
FlKMTUHt! FOR 8 ALB.
BUREAUS. $4 50; matting. 10c: Iron beds. $2:
H. W. beds, $1; woven wire mattresses from
$1 50 up. Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk.
FURNITURE for sale; $75 worth for $7 50
dewn and $1 60 per week. BRILLIANT'S.
840 Post St.. near Powell.
> FIU.MTIKE WASTED,
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlee fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY &. CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpem. etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
A L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3631. 634 E1U».
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. .
A WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresstng.
manicuring, etc: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
•Itlons to fill Immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son* both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up. 1
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
a LADIES to learn all branches halrdreaslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc 1236 Mar- •
ket st, cor. Jones, room 04; position* secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
EXPERIENCED waist and jacket hands
wanted at ence for alteration department:
steady position and good salary. Call . be-
fore t> a. m. LIVINGSTON BROS.. Post St.
HOUSEKEEPER; mining man: Marlposa Co^:
fare paid: see party here; wages $25 - and
found. California Emp. Agency. 14 Third st.
EITHER sex. canvassers: $2 50 per day guar-
anteed, aalary, expenses added to travel.
Room 32 Arlington Hotel. Oakland. Cal. •
WOMAN to work in massage parlors. 236
Powell st. rooms 6 and 7. • -
NEAT girl; cooking and housework; $20 to
$25. 226 Guerrero st.
YOUNG girl for general housework: no wash-
Ing; two in family: $15. 1032 Ellis st.
WANTED— A girl to do light, plain cooking
and help along In bakery store, itll'i Larkln
Experienced --needle operator. Singer; steady
position. Canon Glove Co.. 123 Secood su ¦
LOUG1XU MOUSES FOR SAXES— Coa.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Hoomlng-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Buslnets Chances.
138 rooms; downtown commercial hotel: 8
years' lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished:
one of the best opportunities to secure flrst-
class hotel; owner has other business; part
ca»h; balance time.
37 roome; cheap rent; elegant new building,
furniture and carpets; close in; clearing over
$200 per month; tine chance to got fint-claai
house cheap.
63 rooms; beat downtown transient house In
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; elcknesi; must ieU: snap; $800.
14 rooms; reasonable rent; newly decorated
and painted; beautiful new quarter sawed oak
furniture; Axmlnster and velvet carpeU; 3
yeara' lease; part cash.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first -class,
up-to-date downtown house; w»ll furnlihed;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years', lease; close In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
20 rooms; rent only $100; all new furniture;
doctor pays $95; clearing over all expenses
$100; best street In Oakland; will trade for San
Francisco house.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease. . J
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance:
every modern equipment; clearing $400 tq $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure,
- 81 rooms' near Market: cheap rent: mostly
new furniture and carpets; cl«a— $150; can
be run permanent or transient; half cash;
balance time. •
9 rooms: rent $30; Cal. et. ; good for. car-
pets; 3 rooms bring In $22; bal. landlady;,
price $300.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture: 2 entrances;
takes In (30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
22 rooms; rent' only $80; new furniture and
carpeie; 5 years' lease; clears $00 to $100 per
month; must sell account slckneaa; $1500.
¦ 108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can b« paid out of the house; other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
33 rooms; cheap rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished; new modern building; very central;
all full,- little gem of a house; leaving city.
90 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture; swell downtown location; everything up-
to-date and first-class; fine opportunity to se-
cure high-grade proposition; must go East.
9 rooms; sunny flat: rent $50; oak, mahos&ny
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $850.
ISO rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
house: elecantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $ttdo per month;
close In; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $60: oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $850.
105 roomsi cheap rent: first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
llehts; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100: well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms: beautiful corner: 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-'
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
in city; call for terms and particulars.
6 rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30: can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
J450.
162 rooms; moat elegantly appointed apart-
ment-houFe in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern buildlnK; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
Ing $400 p«r month; 6-year-lease; part cash,
balance 8 rer cent per year.
7-room flat: rent $40: oak' furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $S5: oak fur.;
good carpets, housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
50 rooms; new. modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease: cheap rent: clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
SO rooms: rent only $150: oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Lodging-house of about 16 or 16
rooms, not to exceed $50. Address H. D.
Lathan. 1255 California st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful "'spiritual heal-
er and bus. medium, read dally $1; develop-
ing class Thursday 8 p. m. 612 Eddy st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait- House.
C- V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-
night. 8 o'clock; $1. 10S4 Bush ct.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
night, 10c; readings dally. 619 McAllister.
PROF. FRED EVAN8. noted clairvoyant *nd
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy et. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famoua $5 readings this week for
II 91 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the. Information- for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The flret registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tel: you If
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "in fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted in your
nature, so you can control any one secretly:
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures: gives you success
in life; he guaranteei you success or charges
nothing for bts rervlcea.
10 a, m. to 8 p. m.— Closed Sunday.
; 32B O'Farrell el— 320.
THE FUTURE REVEALED. ~"~
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
A — For a reliable and Intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 428 Eddy st.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know..
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you. find tbe cause of trouble and ;
suggest the remedy. '
He is aa conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he 1b for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
erive you a full life reading for $1. A test
is of llttlo value; when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
Permanently located 428 Eddy st. ; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
' Hours, 10 a. in. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business • medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenlnsrs and portrays events' to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble.
. discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be. told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed: readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
MADAM FRYE — Clairvoyant, medium; past,
I present, future; specialty of love affairs, mar-
riages' and divorces. 1206 Mkt., r. 40, 3d fir.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
. names given; 26c up, 835 Howard jMt,4tb.&SUi«
BOARDI.XG FOH CHILDREN.
WANTED— By an experienced woman, an in-
fant to board. Fcr particulars inquire 212
Seventh st., near Howard.
ELDERLY lady wishes boy or girl to board
and lodse; good care. 726 Washington at.
Ill Sl.\i:ss CHANCES.
A — $800 — CHOFHOOSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable hcu??; vlai-e *-stab. year*, with steady
and traneicnl customers; ov.-ner rlears about
$175 ix-r month. Pee R. G. WILKE, 2tj',^
Kearny *t.
A — DRUGSTORE — drugstore — drugstore; price
$4.VX>; established 1T7 years; lease 5 years;
rent $C0; one of the best paying stores in this
city; ©wn*r to retire. Call K. O. WILKE,
Se : "j Kearny *t.
A— $0O0nfuTCHER ehep on Mission St.; rent
$1«: dally receipts $55; kept by owner o
years; uroDrietor to aee exposition In St.
ivouls cause of sale. R. G. WILKE. 2U&
Kearny et.
A — 1100; CORNER «aicon with 7 rooms on
Bryant Bt.: rent J.'jO; place surroundfd by
factories end w«rehoi:ies; a rood bisinc«j.
Ca!i It. G. WILKE. 26i» Kearny st.
A— $lCf-O; BOARDING tnd rooming house; 30
roctns, liltchen anrf <ilnlnr,-room, :<7 beds,
goirt furnltur*N*aBe, place paying well. S*e
R. G. WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny tt.
A — $500; PARTNER wanted in chophouse and
cuff*e saloon: oyen day and night; a flrst-
rlasft proposition. See R. CJ. WILKE, i'j'i
Keamy n.
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
CO cans; 8 horses. 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate- customers; business kept by owner 15
years: a good-paying Investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26ii Kearny st.
A— $500: BUTCHER ehop; e«t«b. yeara; all
caen trade; $40 per day; rent $20; best lo-
cation: a bareain; owner must leave. See
R. G. WILKE, 26Va Kearny at.
A— $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
good bu«tnes£. See K. G. WILKIE. 20V&
Keamy Et.
A— $2000; 6ALOON. vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $1*0: lease; place eetab- (
lished years; first-clacs business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2<$% Kearny st.
A— $900: SAI.OON. vicinity Taylor & Turk st».;
rent $50; this Is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a woikingman's place;
rare chance. See R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
$3000 — GROCERY and bar. on Fourth St.. about
1 block from Market «t. : lease: good paying;
established years; sickness only cause of
sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 2ti% Kearny st.
A— $r.000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business; etcre receipts about $60 per day;
bar receipts about $'-'0; owner will sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 26fc
Kearny st.
A — $750; SALOON en Montgomery «.; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26 }j Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg.;
3 years' leaee; net rent $120; this Is one of
tbe best saloon locations in this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE, 29^ Keamy tt.
A— CASIERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Edciy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarter! for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houee* $350 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors. $200 to »^50O
Barber ehops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands S.150 to J2U0O
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $330 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300toS1000
Drug stores $2000 to $«0C0
Delicatessen stores $250 to $1600
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
For sale — First-class legitimate mining
proposition that will bear strictest Investiga-
tion.
BEAUTIFULLY located eummer resort: fine
groves; 36-room hctel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goe«
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables; all
kinds of fruit: rent $500 per year; equity In
this $2500; death In family cause of eale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent: 0*4 years' lea?e;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
ing fine business; other interests cause sale;
price $M)0Q. fie- CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sal? or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: a£FRvs $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rmg. -hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — B acres Inside city
limits; one of 'best interior cities In Califor-
nia; houee. barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beaut'.ful home; will trade for
roomlng-hnu"; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sal" — Elec'.ri'*al end locksmith business;
«.entral location; eytabllshed 9 years: rent
$.",0; clears $9» to SKX) per month; price $500;
ma« sell on account oth»r business. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located grocery and bar; rent
or.lv $25; ?aies $"0 to S40 per day; p'lce !
$lti00; map. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
T J. DUNN & CO.. phone Howard VACS.
BUSINESS SALES AGENTS.
1312 MARKET ST.
NOW ip the time to buy: our system brings the
buyer and seller together quickly: try us once.
ROADHOUSE grill and caf<\ beautifully lo-
cated, handsomely furnished; o-year lease;
rent $50: partner* disagree; a snap; 52500.
See DUNN.
CLEANTnc; and dying works for gale: estab-
lished 00 years; present owner 24 years; run-
ning full capacity; pays $J>00 clear; all com-
plete: owner retiring; another enap; $6500.
See DUNN.
DERMATOIXXJIST parlors; established 10
years; 6n\ng good buflness; $200 stock; fully
furnished and equipped; will teach: good
reasons; $500. See DUNN.
GOLDEN STATE REALTY CO.
Quick, sure, reliable: we buy, aell and ex-
change anything and everything.
A few of our good propositions:
23 r.. Market st., 2-year lease $1800
17 r.. North Market, lease, rent $75.... $S50
35 r.. snap, well furnished $850
K r.. flat, elegantly furnished $200
Cigar stand, rent $25 —
Near 4th and Market its $100
Candy etore, rent $40 —
Good location, clears $125. price $800
And hundreds of other good businesses of all
kinds: call and see us.
5 Fourth st. phone Black 6S18.
100 ROOMS: sunny corner; rent $125 $4500
10» rooms; clears $350; low rent $6500
SO rooms; furniture nearly new $3800
40 rooms; Ane location, north of Market. $1000
40 rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $00. .. .$2500
12 roome; half cash; cheap rent $S00
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$900 CASH will purchase the beet meat mar-
ket of Its size in city; has 4 good living
rooms, too; rent only $30; good location;
north of Market st.: horse and wagon; every-
think complete: O K; must be sold; making
money, etc. Particulars with my only
agents at 14 McAllister st.. room 10.
$1300. $1300. $1300.
SALOON—
Building Included.
Ground rent $50. Net rent $3.
Full values.
GOLDEN GATE INVEST. CO.. 759 Mkt. at.
$300 SECURES half Interest in commission
office whereby party ra« easily clear $123
monthly; must have references, also mean
business: exp*rl*>!ice not necessary. Particu-
lars IOO714 Market St., room 1.
FOR sale — A dairy ranch of about 1800 acres,
well stocked with high-bred cattle and all
Appliances necessary for a dairy ranch;
everything In complete running order. Ad-
<Ir".s box 3968. Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS man with $250 cash can secure
interest and position In manufacturing bust-
ness; good salary; experience unnecessary.
Room 106. 1170 Market Et.
$130 — RESTAURANT, lunch counter, candy
Hand. In popular r»sort In city; clears $28 to
$80 in two day*. For particulars, 219 Laus-
•at ave.. off Fillmore at., near Halght.
WANTED— To either buy a general merchan-
dise store in a country town or will buy half
Interest with a good, live business man; state
full particulars. Box 3241. Call office.
$200— DELICATESSEN and lunchroom: good
trade and tine location for meals; rent $20.
Call at '10 Ninth st.
FOR rent — Charming mineral springs resort ho-
tel: furnished: lovely grounds; white sulphur
baths; near city. Box 3418, Call.
ART store; elegant location: fully equipped for
framing; nice steady business; $1800; no
agents. Box 3479, Call office.
DRUGSTORE, good location; well stocked up:
nice fixtures ; doing good, steady business;
great opportunity for doctor. Box 3909. Call.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman with $500 to
take half interest In a canvas show. Call
at 1172 Harrison st.
WANTED—A gentleman who will advance
$1000 to buIM a house; write for particulars.
T. S.. box 3806. Call office. . -.. .
SMALL, pood-paying country hotel; a bargain.
Diamond Hotel. Black Diamond. Contra
Coeta County, CaL i
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure Interest and of-
hce of treasurer In an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly aa-
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with iram $2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership in established business In
- this city and take charge of store.
GKRMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE ~ ~*
For sale; a high-class business; long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire; win invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. .CO.. 927 Market at.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY. "
$300 cash and services secure Interest In es-
tablished office business paying $15 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. »27 Market it
A^ THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest investment and most
profitable enterprise in the city. . We repre-
sent two of the largest Incorporated companies
In S. F.. and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and offic* men who can invest a
small amount of cash with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. »27 Market »t.
A GOOD OPENING
Tot a young man who can Invest $500 in a
hlgrh-class real estate ofnee and fill position
of cashier; experience not . necessary; invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. fl27 Market at
A— STRANGERS, ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening in Ban Francisco? . If «o,
we can offer you any number requlrlnr an
investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office must stand the closest Investigation,
and we . can place you in a store, factory,
hotel.- mill, office, or, in fact, any business
you may prefer
— EJL R _ M A^ A _igy_ EST - CO » 927 Market st.
A— BANK and COMMERCIAL. REFERENCES.
GERMANIA INVEST. 'CO.. 027 Market at.
A ~ „„ TEA AND COFFEE STORE.
53600 will buy this store; well stocked with
tta, cofTe» and goods In that line; good loca-
tion: doing good business; established for
years; full Investigation Invited.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND. '
GEF.MAXIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market it.
A— PICKLING WORKS -
For sale; factory completely equipped for
the manufacture of pickles, mustard, sauer-
kraut., olivps, salad oils and table condi-
ments; product sold In all parts of the
United States; plant originally bought by a
gentleman of means for his son, who has
lieen lound Incapable of managing the Urge
business; cost $15,000, but no reasonable
offfr will be refused.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 327 Market st.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. f)27 Market st.
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of. xold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25: will be worth $200 by August, 100*.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK. ~
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. »27 Market at.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who invested
any moi.ey In or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated ur.der the laws of California.
Capita! stock $.'0,000.
827 Market Bt., rooms 321, 322, 323. 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS^
GERMANIA INVF.ST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room and 16 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver serv-
ice: 10 years' lease: $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A — WE refer to 1000 (successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A^ A NEW THEATER. ~~~
A Renticman with $r><KK) o«u«h. capable of act-
Ing as cashier, can secure half Interest in one
of the beet small theaters on the Pacific
Coast: will pay him $500 monthly: particu-
lars only at personal Interview at office of
GEI'.MANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
50 ROOMS: sunny corner houee; all outside
bay-window rooms; east, eouth and west ex-
posures: with lease; rare opportunity; in-
vestigate. Bex 34S1, Call office.
FOR sale — Weed, coal and feed yard In Oak-
land: a first-class location and good trade.
Address box 3770. Call office.
FOR SALE — 40-acre alfalfa ranch, stocked
with cattle, hogs and chickens; new house
and all implements. Address box 34S8, Call.
FOR SALE — Delicatessen store on a principal
8tr»et in a Rood business neighborhood. Box
3235. Call office. S
BULLETIN route for eale. Inquire 2215 Pine
street, city.
! $lU00— CHOPHOUSE: established 8 years; good
1 business; .'J years' lease. 410 Bush St.
OYSTER and chop house for sale. 603 14 Post
st.; ***» proprietors 10 to 3.
HORSERADISH grinding and delicatessen bus.
cheap; good reason for selling. 2401 Mission.
f. '..">!» — PART cash; downtown coffee and lunch
place; owner eick. Box 3857. Call.
FOR sale— Restaurant. 11S9 Oak st., front car-
house.
WANTED — To rent, hotel furnished. Address
with ; -ai titulars box 1842. Call office.
FOR 6ale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town: B^nlcla. Cal.
FINE newspaper route for aale. Inquire at
thla office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha reception
of advertlsemerts and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGIXG-UOL'SHS FOR 9ALK.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. 3d and Market sts. Phone Black 3607.
Hotels, Rooming & Apartment houses for sale.
NEW said modern; 36 rooms; 3 frontages; eveiy
room eunllt; electric lights; long lease; 19
bay windows; permanent roomers: several of-
fices; $1611 profit In last 9 months, an aver-
age of $179 monthly; price $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
OWNER positively guarantees this 100-room
house full of roomers; Income $1007 in June;
total expenses $G39; exact profit $458; build-
ing Is new and modern; furnishings are first
class; owing to 111 health owner must leave
here for Arizona. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDIDLY furnished; 24 rooms, large and
sunny; a corner In good location; the hang.
innrs are dreams of loveliness, and everything
has an air of refinement pleasing to well-bred
' ladles; clears $104 monthly.
, MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELLEST 43-room downtown room!ng-h*us«
In San Francisco; furnished 4 montha ago
with the very best quality of mahogany,
blrdseye maple, velvet and axmlnster car-
pets; lease for 5 years: very central, on splen-
did corner; proof of $250 profit monthh-
- MARION GRIii-'IN.
18 SUNNY rooms; corner lodging-house in fine
location; completely furnlehed; rent only $50-
electric lights; very attractive.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SOMETHING fine on a corner; 14 rooms, ne*r
St. Francis Hotel; velvet carpets; good solid
oak furniture and clean; clearing over $60
perflmonth; and furthermore, a nice respect-
¦ able house; $800 cash Is all you need to pay
down, or will exchange for city lots.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS rooming-house of. 19 rooms
clearing $105 monthly; fine furnishings; bun-
ny elde; fine view; fine lawn; must be Bold;
don't fall to make an offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.
DISGRACE to be hard up?
Why, no, unless you neglect your opportuni-
ties. If you can pay $160 cash we can
¦ell you a house where you can make a good
living and pay off balance from profits in the
business. MARION GRIFFIN.
WE have a $75,000 hotel proposition;
paying 15 per cent per annum on $75,000-
only $20,000 cash necessary to swing It; If
you have $20,000 at your command kindly
call for particulars. MARION GRIFFIN.
NO, this 41-room house is not high class-
. but It's a great bargain and a money-maker-
the owner Is eick In a hoipital; In March
the Income was $199 over the rent; It was
newly furnished 18 months ago; the lease
hold runs for 3 years more;' less than $2000
will buy it; make your own offer and terms
to MARION GRIFFIN.
FOR SALE — Lodging-house. 27 rooms, nicely
furnished; on Stockton St.; rent low;, lease.
Box 1939, Call office.
$450—7 ROOMS; newly furnished house; cheap
rent; going Eaat. 312 Mason st.. near Geary.
NINE rooms: all full; must sell on account of
sickness. Inquire 212 Firth st. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa — The Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper. lor mailing, $1 per year!
_CLA JRVO YAXTS-— Con tin n*d.
MME.PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
50c, g. by cards $1 ; palmistry and clairvoyant
«lt., $1 SO. 312 Mason St.. near Geary.
A — Miss M. Wllle, 4«0 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without acklng a ques-
tion, names given: special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young.elfted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c, k- $1. 714 Franklin. nr.fc.G.ave
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fail try me.good readings
23c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkin 4207.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2t5>-3 Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c; gents 550c.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; L. 23e, G. 50c;
Wednesday only L. 10c, G. 25e. 120 Sixth st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date
and facts; readings daily. 917 Market st.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23% 6th: 1. 25c. g. 60c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
telltr. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
tings dally. 44S>6 Jessie at., bet. Cth and 6th.
CAKPET IIKATIXGAWPCLKAiHiW.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
also cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.; phones Main
152 and Bugh 479. ¦
WHEN you become diftgusted with your work
oend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St., c'.ean-
"Ing&laylng done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison at. ;.A1 cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225
CON#LIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BPOS:; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrl3on st. ; tel. Mission 263
CAPE SOME.
TICKET office for alI~points~7n~Ala$kai C. F.
MOORE, 927 Market St.. room SOO. First
steamer May 21: $75 first class.
CZ.OTHUTO JtSlTOVATI— O.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, 91; scourlnc and
dyaing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st, room 14;
, phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver tree.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. . Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery. room« 9-10: tel. Main 5630.
CTTR-EB BUPTUBE.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market st.: $100; rupture
cure for $10: circular explains: send for one.
DOTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 >th.; crown, $3 50; fill Ings, 60c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr. Eleventh
— No chante for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
irom. $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
£et teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;fllllngs.2oc.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings, 75c; sliver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
, pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
DHESSMAKKllS A.M> SKA.1ISTIIKSSK.S
ACCORDION, sunburst and . knlfe-plaltlnc.
Stewart'a button and buttonhole factory. 110
Taylor st.: tel. Folsom 2121. ,
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
' Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1010 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and' roost delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 801-
(U5 Golden Gate ave..
PAINTING lessons, oil and water color, by
Gordon Coutts, studio 305 Larkln St.; ex-
hibitor Royal Academy, Paris Salon and
gold medalist; pictures now on view at Ken-
nedy & Co. 's, 10 Post st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions: illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. tho leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand, Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College, 12."tl Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electrlclty. 24 Post \
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of englnserlng;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est 1984. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be.com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market: catalog.
DANCING — Professor Findlay has reopened his
Juvenile classes at Findlay's Hall. 17th St.;
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc., $4
mo. Western Business College, 1107 Market.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
~~~ BMpEoVMKST OFFICES).
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Po«t et.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help; etc
A — OEPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell at Tel. Main 6752.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
offlee. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 16!*.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Loon Seung's. 411 Vj OTarrell;tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6133.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
ESIPLOYMiaXT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG Swedish girl. 7 months from Sweden,
withes a place as chambermaid; wages $15.
2660 Folsom st., near Twenty-second; no
country position.
YOUNG German woman wants housecleanlng
for this Friday and Saturday; $1 day. Mrs.
V., 9 Rltch St., off Folsom. between Third
and Fourth, In rear, top floor.
COMPETENT cook: would do downstairs work
and washing or general housework In Amer-
ican family: wages from $25 to $30. 628
Golden Gate ave.
A YOUNG girl wishes place to do house— ork;
sleep home. Call or address 1122 De Haro
«t., near .Twenty- fourth.
AN accomplished young lady elocutionist ao-
customed to travel desires situation aa com-
'. panion to refined lady. Box 3020, Call.
COMPETENT, middle-aged woman would like
light housework by the month; references.
Call or address 3601 Twenty-sixth st.
YOUNG Swedish cirl wants , place to do up-
stairs work; wages $25 per month. Box
3050 Call office. .
A SITUATION wanted by a Finnish girl to do
general housework. Please call at 322 Fre-
mont «t.
FEW more families' washtnc to take home.
Card or Inquire. 2S19 Baker st.
TRAINED nurse wants a position by the
month. Box 3916. Call.
AMERICAN woman with a child, good cook,
country. 324 Mason St.; phone Black 2306.
EDUCATED young lady wishes position as
nursery governess; willing to assist with up-
stairs work; country preferred. Address A.
B. C. 2202 Mission at.
COMPETENT cook; would do downstairs
work and washing or general housework In
American family; wages from $25 to $30.
2222 Post at. .
A SITUATION wanted by a Finnish girl to do
general housework. Please call at 3474 Sac-
ramento at. . .
WANTED — A situation as nurse for Invalid, or
nurse for children. Address 21 Freelon st. >
\V. J. MARTIN ..Business Manager
TEN DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office ir You Miss
Your Paper.
It fcr ajiy cause T3I! CAU 1« »ot de-
21ver«d resmlarly to «utoscrlbexs Pl«"«
call up "CALL EICHASOE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in enaree. Tour com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A Btandlnr reward of Ten Dollars
(SlO/)0) la offered for the arrest and
conviction of any on* caurfat stealinf
THE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator ~|H Con-
nect Ycu With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. B- T.
Editorial Room* 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delrwi n*& by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Wef*. 7»
Ctt. P«r Month. Single- Copies 6 <£%_„,,
Terns s by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order):
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday), 1 y»ar....»S.OO
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). « moi * ; 0°
DAILY CALL— By Slngrle Month •£>
FUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2 -**J
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1 - 00
{Daily... $8. 80 P«r Year Extra
Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers In orOerln* chi in«e of a4-
trees should be psrticular to five both JEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in oroer to insure a
prc ospt and correct compUaoc* wit* tfcelr re-
quest.
O—KLANX) OFFICE:
1118 Broaawmy Telephone Main 1063
BERKELEY OFFICE: _.
tttg Center Street Telephone Hortli «<
— 'ASHINOTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAHCEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NT— I r YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81
Ct-ion Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fltta-ave-
aue Hotel asd HoSmaa House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Houee: P. O. News Co.; Grt«t
Northern Hctel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS..Marquette Building
<_en«- Distance Telephone. 'Central 2618. >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPKEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Build ins
NEW YORK CORRESPONflKNT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
Datfl 12 o'clock every nicht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JO* Market etreet. opposite Filth; cpen uatll
11 p. m.
f>27 Montromery street, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p. m.
."I'Vi.Kajee street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
•i';a McAllister rtreet; open until 0:30 p. m.
•'.'5 Larlcin street; op»-n until 9:30 p. m.
15*41 Mission ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
I'.'fJ Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 p. m.
:o« Eleventh etreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
:W»j Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
corner Church and Duncan streets;
open cntll 9 p. m.
Ncrthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p. m.
t^oo Ftlimore street; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS IiEAVIXG TOWN
FOR THE SUM31ER.
CALL subscribers contemplattnr a
chanre of residence during* the summer
months can have their caper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify-
ins* TIE CALL Business Office. This
caper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
agent in all towns on* the coast.
MKETIXG NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena <jt»
\jo6.%» of Perfection No. 1. A. snd Jf
A. Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, /A
w;il be held 4 .n Commandery Hall, fCp\»
Masonic Temple. on THURSDAY s — "*
KVENING. May 19. 1 301. at 8 o'clock.
Fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth degrees.
Vinitlrg brethren cordially invited.
HENRY BURNER, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — O
Stated meeting. THIS (THURSDAY) VV
KVENING. 7::;0 o'clock: Royal Arch /V\
cegree. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodfe No. 1 F. fc A. •
M.. will meet THIS VV
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock; third de- /V\
•gree. FUANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary
FIDELTTT Lodge No. 120 F. & A. M~ m
—Special mating THIS (THURS- *VV
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock-
«*cond degree. Fellowcraft Masons
cordially fnvlted. By order of the W M
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
!*OUTH Ran Francisco Lodjre No 212 a
F. & A. M.. meets THIS (THURS- W
DAY) EVENING ct 7:30 o'clock, for AA
second degree. By order of the Ma«-
;'*¦ E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC LeSge No. 216. F. & A. M.^T~^
Se— »nd degree THIS CTHURSDAY) *A/
KVENING. at 7 o'clock sharp. /V\
By order of the Mafter '
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
JETARR KING Lodge No. 34irF~and m
A. M.. 317 Devlsadero et.-Second «JL#
«!egree THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- XX
ING. at 7:S0 o'clock. Master Mason* /^**
cordially Invited. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary!
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. -v--^,
F.— Initiation TIIIF (THL'RS- •'»'3«$3ir&4-
DAT) KVENING. May IS. Vis-i_3§3g3&
tint: brotheie will It cordially J) 2Pri*»^
welcomed.
A. W. MINAKER, Noble Grand.
E. V. CULVER. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Olympic
Rait Water Company will be held at the
rrfice of the company. 327 Market *treet San
Kranciico. Cal.. on Monday the 23d day of
May. W04. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m..
fci the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to nerve for the ensuing year, and
. the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
clot* on Friday May 13th. 1904. at 3 o'clock
P ra. CHARLES A. GIBSON. Secretary.
CHEAPEST snd best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C peges. sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for XL
portage paid. *
A G E >T» XV AJVTED.
AGENTS— An agency for a pro position that la
a decided Improvement on building and loan
" Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
ATTOR.VKY55-AT-L.AW.
A PRIVATE. Quick divorce for email fee.
Se* me and nave money: no cay in advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
KatabJiahed 22 yr%.: rms. 1. 2. z. 4 & O.let fl..
Ilia Market «t.. between Mason and Taylor!
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
n. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam bldg
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
vears; ail case*, general court and of nee prac-
tice; no if la advance or for consultation-
evening* by appointment. Tel. Red 3601. '
DIVORCE — Costs. 112; quid;, quiet: advice
free: all law business; no charge unless »uc-
cessful; open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE fr**: divorce costs $12: no fee« or
• •¦-;st« In advance: nil law business: office
cpen Saturday evenings. £10 Market St., r. 21.
DIVORCE cheap. fpccdlJy. quietly: call on us
'ere rolnff eljwwhere. Phone James C221;
room 41. 810 Market St.. opposite Emporium.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity : advice
free: costs »12 Ad. B.A."S.. P.O. box 211*9. S. F.
L. 8. CLARK. fC7 Market St.: consultation
fr*e: r\n fee* In advance: open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
AN automobile (Rambler) for eale: In good
runnir.jr order. Box 3244. Call office.
CADTLLAC automobile for sale. Address box
1865. Call office.
WANTED— Small automobile: must be reaa-
onable. Box 3440. Call office. .
ABTITMA JEMIDY.
A lit Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c. 25c. tOc 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
"YOUDONT NLTD A FORTUNE TO PLACE AN AD IN THE
HELP W> Coij.^
WANTED^Chambermaid and laundress, pri-
vate family. $->U: «<rman cook, no waan,
$40; Scandinavian second Kin. $*»V: cook.
country hotel. $a5; It* waitresses, some cham-
bermaids. $-5; girl for cooking and Plata
wash, for Berkeley. $35. see lady this fore-
neon; IS girls, cook, plain wash. ii>0 ana ?»•>:
1 waitress and I chambermaid, assist wag-
ing, both same house, short distance in coun-
try. $25 each, see lady at our office to-day.
We want quite a number of coofes and girl»
for housework, for city and In country towns,
too numerous to advertise, best wages. *-5»
$30. $35. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Slitter at.
NURSE, 530; 2 cooks, $40 each: 2 cooks. $39
and 535: houseglrl. $3i>: laundress. $3O: 3d
girl. ?23; nmr>"e girl. $20; 2 young Klrts to
assist. $15 and $2O. light work, no cookins.
ranch: cook, $25. Mrs. Norton. 313 Sutter.
WANTED — Young woman who Is an experi-
enced dry-gooUs package wrapper. Apply ai
HALE BROS.', inc.. bet. 0 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Woman who Is experienced In »eil-
ing cloaks and suits. Apply at HAL3
BROS.'. Inc.. bet. O and 11 a. m. /
WANTED — An experienced alteration hand on
cloaks and suits; one who understands flt-
tlng. Aoply at HALE BROS'., bet. 8 and
11 a. m. ¦
WANTED— Girl who understands Germaa
cooking and downstairs work; references re-
quired. 2311 Broadway.
YOUNG girl from the country, refined, ex-
perienced, wishes light housework; sleep
home. Box 3807. Call office.
Experienced 2-needl« operator. Singer; also ap-
prentices. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
WANTED — Woman to keep bouse for one per-
aon: call bet 10 and 1. 417^ ThlM at.
GIRL for general housework: wages $23. J.
STANGE, 930 York St.. bet. 21 at and 22d.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 222S
Clay it., eor. Buchanan.
FINISHER on custom pants. 481 Jessie St..
MORGANSTERN.
WANTED — Pants finishers. Apply at once. 3.
N. WOOD A CO.. 43 Geary st. |
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received it
Call branch office, eor. Duncan * Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the r*«epUo«
of advertisements and subscript Vns has beea
opened at 1008 Market at., oppoalt* rift—
Open until 11 r. ra.
HELP WASTED MALE.
At C. R. HANSEN 4 CO.'S Employment Offle«
429 Bush it. 642 Clay at.
A CITY whisky drummer; one who can con-
trol trade and Is well acquainted with th*
city trade: $130 to start. Apply 10 a. — .
to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
A BOOKKEEPER, stenographer and type-
writer; country packing house: $40 and
found. C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 429 Bush St.
ASSISTANT manager for a wholesale house;
must be a thorough bustnecs man; for China;
$t50 to start. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 4»
Bush st.
A CORRESPONDENT and charge of offlee for
wholes^lo house: city; thorough business
man; $125 to $130. C. R. HANSEN £ CO..
429 Bush ft.
10 DRILLERS, new R.R. work. $2 73; 1«
muckers. $2; S drillers, new tunnel, north.
$2 75; Iron tank calkers and helpers, $3 and $2
day and board: 15 R. R. laborers, north. $3
day; bass logger. $60 and found; 6 men
bucking ties, start to-day. $35 and found; H
men building roads, start to-day. $30 anil
found; 25 young men. light factory work,
$1 50 to $2 day. country; 1<> woodchoppersv. 4-
ft. wood. $1 25 cord; 2 bridge carpenters
with tools, new electric R. R. $3 RO a day;
glazier. $3 50 a day; camp waiter. $C0:
sheepherders. farmers and milkers. $4O $C5
and $30: 10 farmers, fruit ranch. $26 and
found; night oil burner, factory. $60.
Pastry cook, first-class country hotel. $75;
second cock, country hotel. $50; vegetahle-
cook. $45; night cook, good on pastry. $50;
vegetable man. country. $.T3; machine dish-
washer, summer resort. $30: 2 pantrymen.
$;i5. $30: porters bellboys, others
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Offlc«.
429 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
MAN and wife, private family, $60 and found:
edgerman. $50 and found: screw turner. $50
and found; window dresser and card writer.
$25 week; man about piaca. $30 and found;
choreman and wife. $5u and found: 2 fartr-
era and wives, $47 SO and $53 and found:
farmers, $30 and found; milkers. $30 and $3T»
and found; blacksmith. $2 50 day and
board: 2 carptnters, $3 50 day; old man to
care for place: glazier. $.1 to $3 50 day:
45 laborer* and brush cutters. $2 da;- and
$30 and found: woodchoppers and oth*r*.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
BAKER, country shop. $20 week: cook, coun-
try. $35; cook for 3 men, $15 and found:
waiters, $45: restaurant porter, $30, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacra-
mento at.
AT THE CAU EMP. AOENCyT" "
14 Third St.. near Call bldg.; phone Bush 4P§
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teamsters. $67 50 a month.
15 laborers. $60 a month.
10 drillers, rockmen. hammenmsn, ITS.
WOODS CREW.
2 barkers. $45 and board.
2 wheel teamsters. $65 a month.
Hay hand for Institution, $30, board, bed ant
laundry.
Choreman. ranch. $25 and board.
10 laborers. $1 75 to $2 day.
6 ranch hands. Sonoma. County, $28 a month
and board.
Glazer. city. $3 50 a day.
FREE FARE. ~~~ FREE FASB^
10 boiler-makers. $3 to $4 a day. board ani
lodging, steady Job guaranteed.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGENCY.
635 Washington St.. 633.
Fbone James 3301, near Kearny.
5 laborers, larsre mine, north. $30 fd. : 8 t»«
borers, near city. $2; 3 laborers, near city.
8 hours. Government work; 2 milkers; 1<>
2- horse- teamsters. $2, near city, new rail-
road work, free fare; S laborers. S carpen-
ter*, city Jobs, see us: 4-hor«e teamsters.
$2 23 day, board home, 10c fare; 2 team-
sters 1 , near city, $1 60 day fd. ; 10 ranch
and hay hands, $1 to $1 SO day fd. : planer
man. sticker hand, glazier. $3 to $3 5O a day :
special, north, lance lumber co.. 20 laborer*,
logging railroad In woods, you'll suit. $40
fd.: call and see us: hundreds of Jobs. L. H.
CUTTING CO., €35 Washington st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT~AG_NCY.
F. M. GUNN, 638 Commercial «t.
Phone Main 1191— Near Kearny st.
6 laborers, good Job. S hours. $2 day. fre*
fare; to the sawmills, north. 25 laborers:
R. R. graders, $60. go to-day, long job: 2
woodchoppers. $2 25 cord; 3 swampers. i33
and fd.. same company, cheap fare, ship tf>-
«1ay; edgerman. $50 and fd. ; screw turner.
$50 wid fd.. see boss here to-day; Government
contract. Nevada, ship to-night, teamsters,
laborers, rockmen. $2 to $2 50 day. work %
hours. »oss here; wagon teamsters, near city.
$2 25 day; 10 ranch hands, see boss here. % : 29
to *30 and fd. : blacksmith's helper, camp.
$2 23 day; milkers, south. $33; delivery
driver, near city. $2 to $2 B0 day and room;
lots of other Jobs, see us early to-day.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY^
95 THTRD ST. Telephone Main 5321.
Woodchoppers. firewood. $2 cord.
Cabinetmakers, bench hands. $3 30. nr. city.
Ranch hands'. $1 and board.
Coopers, pice* work; no strike.
Teamsters. $1 50 and board, near city.
Rallrond teamsters, $2 25. Cat.; fare $U 70.
Nevada, ttamsters $2 23, laborers $2.
Klght hours. Cheap fare. Government wcrX.
HORD A SMITH.
RED CR/1S3 EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
602 Clay St.. Phone James 217B.
Laborer*, cut brush. $1 25 day and found.
Cheese- maker. $4O month and found.
Glazier, factory $3 to $3 5O day.
R. ft. teamsters and laborers. $2 to $2 23 day.
Scraper teamsters, ditch work. $1 23 day
and board.
Hay hands. Sac. Co.. $1 50 day and board.
Plenty of other work. Call at
602 CLAY ST. 602 CLAY ST.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — A washer
for hand laundry, resort. $30. fare paM ; -
laundryroan for springs, call for terms: dish-
washer, springs. Lake Co., $30: potwasher.
first-class hotel, near city. $00; plain hotel -
cook. $50; cook small place. $33: houseman
for hotel, $25; vesetable man. $20: silver
man, $20: waiter for hospital help, $20; etc.
A— HOTEL Gazette. 28 Montgomery st.. r. 12
Bar porter, country, $23; second cook. -
country, ?70. ' «r
EXPERIENCED accountant for position in an ;
interior town: application must be in own
handwriting stating age. experience and ref-
erences. Address box S808. Call.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at U_» Uo!d*n
Gate ave.. room 7. for free Information aa
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
BARBER— Youns man with KMX> to Join me
in buying well located hotel barber shop;
must be good worker. Apply to D. STOLZ.
723 Market at
PANTS maker, first-class only, for San Jose;
steady work. Apply REISS BROS, ft CO.,
24 Sutter at. . .
WANTED — Cellolst: No. 1 business man; con-
cert and dance; summer engasemeat. Box
3800. Call,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
17
ALAMEDA ADVEBTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
CLEMENT ave.. 2103 — Sunny front rootn:
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; Willow sta-
tion^ -
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS
HERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JUST rOMPLETED^V'ery '""pretty house of T
I rooms (» bedrooms); all modern Improve-
ments; furnace, etc.; $5000.
Near Key Route cars; on the sunny side of
street: fine 2-stery house of 8 rooms; large
corner lot; $4:00.
Now building; a eo*j Swiss chalet in tha
! Eerry- Bangs Tract: fine corner lot; $6500.
Very eurjstaiitially hullt hous» of S rooms;
; lot 5^.\15J»:»>; near Im-lght way; $5500.
A large lot In Claremont; 230 feet deep;
! only $1500.
I Just the place for a chicken ranch: fla* level
1 lc,t. 210x100; only $750.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
CENTER AND SHATTUCK AVE.,
BERKELEY. ¦
GOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
1 End of block: 271 ft. frontage on track: 3
I blocks from Berkeley station $25CO
1 Lot 25x1 0O; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x135; mac: within block $43O
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2800
Buy where values are increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number o£
cheap houses.
CH AS. A. BAILET. 106« University av«».
Near Saa Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
FRUITVAXE ADV'RT'S'M'NT3
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
: CHAR LES VT LEeI Phono VaI<T29flT
. Office half block from Frultvale station.
$l.*i monthly and own your own home: a
lovely 5-room. bath, pantry, high basement,
brick foundation cottage; handsomely deco-.
rated Interior; steel enameled bath; hand-
some palm tree; ful!-bear1ng fruit tree* and
flowers In abundance: 3 blocks from th<»
car line: graded school close by, and lot
70x113; only $500 cash required; price all
told. $1750.
CHARLKS F. LEE. 1222 Frnltvale ave.
FRUITVALE FIRXISHED ROOMS.
FURNISHED and unfurnished rooms to let.
Apply Walker's store. Seminary ave.. Fruit-
?ale.
FRUITVALE BOARD A>D ROOMS.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms: electric lights and
bath: cheap. 3519 Putnam st.. Frultval*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKI.AAU REAL ESTATE. . ¦.
BELDEN^Tb ARG AINs! ~~~—
$10C0 — An elegant elevated site for a horae;
see that choice lot. 40x115. In beautiful Col-
lege Heights. 34th and Webster sts.
$44oo — Pretty i^room home in Linda Vista;
all new and lot 37x115.
$365 and $32 50 monthly — Handsome new 7-
room house, now being completed, on lot 33:4
xlOO: on Sycamore st., near Telegraph av«. ; la
the beautiful Merrell property: to be. finished
in curly redwood, whitewood and blrdaey*
maple, with tiled bathroom; electric service
and everything up-to-date and price low
enough to surprise you.
$32,"0— Nice 7-room cottage and lot. 41x123.
on Filbert st.. near 12th.
$3100 — 11 per cent income Investment and
good speculation: fine flats with 50- foot lot;
splendidly located; near San Pablo ave. ; la
rapidly advancing district: rent $27 and can
be Increased; might consider good- lot In part
payment.
$13' 'io — Exec" tor's sale; good 5-room cottag*
and lot.' 28x115. on Chestnut St., near 10th;
worth $2000 easy.
$250O each — Only 2 more left of thoea Jones
estate cottages en Jones St.. bet. Telegraph
ave. and Grove St.: right In heart of city; *
rooms and bath; lots 30x100. and the best
bargains ever offered. BELDES, real estate.
1112 Broadway, Oakland.
BUTTERS & BUITRIXG. REAL ESTATE)
and Insurance Brokers, have moved to their
new quarters. No. 488 Eleventh st, near
Broadway, In the new Bacon building, where
they will be better able to accommodata their
clients.
We are exclusive agents for four n!c«
building lots near tha new ferry line to Sao,
Francisco.
BUTTERS A BUHIUXO.
Bacon Building.
4<W Eleventh St.. Near Broadway.
THE RUSTIC BUNGALOW, so odd and com-
plete that It is the talk of th* city; NW.
corner of 13th ave. and K. 2Sth St.; 8 rooms
and 2 baths; exterior finished In redwood
logs and clinker bricks; large lot: beautiful
marine view; space too expensive to extol I
its many different qualities; seeing la be-
lieving; open for inspection dally; terms only
$1000 caeh: balance mortgage.
J S. MYERS,
1002 BROADWAY.
$500 — $10 MONTHLY: cottage of 3 rooms:
good barn and- stable: chicken bouse* and
fina chicken run: assorted family orchard la
full bearing: fine well of water: full H acn»
rich sandy lenm soil: near fine school and
?lectrie car line, church and town hall; a
lovely section away from fogs tod winds,
adjoining East Oakland: price $1250; this is
a fin* oick up. Call or send for circular.
455 Seventh, odd. Broadway Station. Oak-
land: carriare free. H. Z JONES, owner.
FOIt sale^ — 10 acres of land In the suburbs o?
' Oakland: well located to subdivide and sell
lots: electric cars to the property; would ex-
change for improved prcperty in San Fran-
cisco or Oakland. E. BISHOP. 469 Tenth
St., Oakland.
A SNAP.
$1060 only for a «-room cottag« with bath.
etc.. in East Oakland; easy terms. P. C.
LASSEN A CO.. 450 Tenth St., Oakland, Cal.
C. K. MARSHALL NOTART ANI> REAI»
ESTATE,
HAS REMOVED TO 1070 BROADWAY.
NEW 7-room furnished house; S minutes' walle
from Key route depot. Apply S31 Thlrty-
flfth »t.. Oakland.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET »
MAGNOLIA, near Tenth — Two elegant, sunny
flats: reasonable rent. Key 743 Magnolia st.
OAKLAND FIRXISHED HOUSES.
DESIRABLE, modern home: furnished: *
rooms: for July, Aug., Sept.: no children;
refs.; call 10 to 12 a. m., 1113 Adeline st..
near Twelfth. ¦
OAK LAN D FUR XrTURE j^O R »A LJB.
TO-MORROW th* day for bargains In fBraf-
tnre H. Kchellha.is.llth nt..cor »tor«. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem* ts
• ROOMS FOR UODSEKEEPHQ.
ALL sunny; best In city; 3 or 4 rtnu.; furnished
or unfurnished. ST. CHARLE9 APART-
MENTS. 1560 Sacramento at., near Larkta.
BUCHANAN. 847 — Front sunny alcove and
kitchen; bath and phone; rent reasonable.
ELLIS, 611 — 2 connecting rooms; gas range,
running water, bath and phone.
FELL. 222 — Thre« nicely furnished front
rooms; central.
HAIGHT. 3 — 2 front rooms.- furnished . for
housekeeping: folding bed: gas range; water.
JESSIE. 323 — Sunny bedroom, furnished, neat
and clean. $1 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LA BRANCH House. 121*0 Powell St.. cor. Pa-
cific — Ntca furnished rooms to let; also
housekeeping: $1 a wtek and up.
LARKIN. 817 \t, — Nicely furnished sanny front
room; folding bed; gas stove; reasonable.
MARKET. 2008— Two Urge sunny furnished
front rooms for housekeeping.
OAK. 117— Extra suite S rooms. $30; single, $5
to $9; gas range: hot bath; laundry; adults.
POLK. 1402— Sunny housekeeping rooms; gas
and bath free; reasonable. ¦» ,
SECOND 212 — Furnished for housekeeping;
also other room*; reasonable: no children.
TAYLOR. »11— Large room, folding bed. ga«
range. $12; I room, gas range. $7 50 and $» 30.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3426— Flat, 3 rooms, fur-
ntehed for housekeeping; yard.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received *c
Call branch ofSc*. cor. Duncan A Church, jts.
. Continued on Page Eighteen,
REAL E8TATB^--CITy--.FOB_ SALE.
*~~ SPECK & CO..
209 Montgomery st.
200 Montgomery st.
209 Montgomery st. .
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. Leasing. ¦
Rents collected. Insurance. I
$1CO.OCO — Rents J96OO; cash security on lease: I
investing $5£.C0O ca3h and assuming bank
mortgage of $50,000 will pay 12 per cent net;
lot C5xl37:6.
$50,000— NW. corner; 137:6x137:8; Golden '
Gate ave.. east of Scott st. : good improve- '
ments; mortgage $30.0CO at 5H per cent can
remain; reasonable offer entertained.
$45.000 — Vicinity Bush and Kearny: stores
and three floors above: brick building; lot
fronts 35 feet; rents $265.
$35.000— Howard st., near Third; 50x1 (tO
feet; 8000 square fe-t; key lot and 2 frontages;
this lot on 3d st. would be worth $100,000.
$25. COO— Corner: new building; rents $224;
lot 30:6x100 feet.
$21.000 — Larkln-at. business corner; lot 35 .
feet frontage; rents $1SOO annually.
$20,000 — Polk-st. business- property; 2 stores
and lodging-house: lot 30x05 feet; rents $145; I
$10,000 bank mortgage can remain.
$18.500— Post st.; lot 62:6x124 feet; 2 front-
ages; very good Improvements; rents $140.
$13,000— Rent $130: good flats: vicinity Van ;
Ness and Grove; lot 27:6x120 feet; this bargain
is hard to beat.
$12,000 — Un!on-«t. flats; new; lot 26x100
feet; rent* $112 60. . |
$11.000— Corner Seventh St.; 55 feet frontage;
flue building site.
$10,500— Pine St.. bet. Mason and Taylor;
lot 26x137:6 feet; three-story improvements.
$S500 — 2 stores and 4 flats; corner north of
Market »t. ; 43:6 feet frontage; yearly rents
$966; paying 1114 per cent.
$5000 — Mission business comer; 3 stores;
rents $450 yearly; lot 43x80 feet.
RESIDENCES.
$60.000 — Magnificent residence. 15 rooms and
baths; interior mahogany wood; most costly
finish throughout; lot 125x137:6 feet; pano-
ramic view of city and bay.
$15.000 — Callfornla-st. residence; 12 rooms
and bath: lot 35x137:6 feet; choice block.
11500 — 4-room cottage; lot 27:6x100 feet;
Mission warm belt.
CHOICE LOTS.
$15.000— NW." corner; 66:6x137:6 feet; unsur-
passed marine view; must be sold this week.
$S250 — Broadway, north side and best resi-
dence block; unobstructed view; lot 27x137:9
feet.
SPECK & CO.
209 Montgomery st.. opposite Mills building.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
TO
RENO.
NEVADA.
ALONG THE BANKS OF THE TRUCKEE
RIVER
AND
SIERRA NEVADA MOUNTAINS.
WE WILL SELL TOWN LOTS AT
SPARKS (EAST RENO)
$9 55 O 53
ROUND TRIP TICKETS
FIRST-CLASS PULLMAN TRAIN
Will leave Market-st. ferry Friday,
May 20. at 8 o'clock p. m.. arriving
in Reno at 8 o'clock Saturday morning.
AUCTION SALE TO TAKE PLACE
same day on the property to be sold,
where an elaborate collation will b*
served, returning by daylight Sunday.
Tickets will be good to and Including
Monday. May 23.
Double berths $1 each way.
Special reduced round trip tickets from
intermediate points. For further par-
ticulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.
633 Market at.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS, '
REAL E3TATE AGENTS,
6 MONTGOMERY ST.
$S2.500.
Not far from Eddy and Taylor;
Over 11, CCO square feet;
Extra fine frontage and depth;
On a level from Market St.;
Not a better site for a family hotel or
apartment-house.
BROADWAY CORNER,
$300 A FOOT.
Finest residence district In the city;
Cheapest lot In that vicinity.
FILBERT- STREET LOt!
26 x 120.
TWO FRONTAGES;
ONLY $1SOO.
Street sewered and bltumlnlzed:
Electric cars half a block away.
fl.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots la the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level ; no
grading to do; ready to build your Uttl* homa
00; clos* to electric ears and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room ft.
$12.000— NOT yet completed: rents $1320 per
year; 3 marine-view flats; N. line Green st..
1664-66-68 Green St.. E. Laguna: every room
is and will be sunny; every possible latent
Improvement. Apply at the premises from
2 to B; lot 25x137:6.
$1850 — NEW cottage. 5 r. and b. ; San Jose ave.
$2350 — New cottage, 6 r. and b. ; San Jose ave.
$2600 — New cottage, 7 r. and b. ; San Jose ave.
Small payment down, balance like rent.
b. COFFIN & CO.. S303 Mission St.-
BUILD your unimproved realty; we loaa fall
cost improv. and part lot at 6%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker bulldln*.
FINE cor.. 75x80, nr. Market Bt. : 6 blocks
west City Hall. Room 217. Parrott building.
NINTH ave.. 1458, 2 blocks south of park-
Beautiful new 7-room and finished basement.
ALL work guaranteed first class .*»r AtJI-
BACH * MAYER, . Plumbers. 839 Howard at.
nBAL ESTATE Conntrr— For SmI*.
A— FOR sale— 750 acres alfalfa land, all under
Irrigation and fenced; 1050 acres grain land,
will be under irrigation in about a year;
all consists of the number of ISOO acres;
call for information. MATT I. SULUVAN.
610 Parrott bldg., San Francisco, or JOHN
F. LASSINO. ranch. 5 miles south of New-
man, California.
GREAT bargain — Rich. Irrigated farm*: Wt
caosJ; free, water right: very cheap; •*»»
terms; homeseeker's opportunity. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. 64S Markat st
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue* sent fr*t. C U. WOOSTER CO.. It let
Markt st. .
POULTRY farms; small tracts: Sonoma Coun-
ty; V* cash; fare from San Francisco. $1 05.
PETERS & BAINES, 116 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In thi
United States or Canada on* year for $1.
I'OIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
LAST chance — $5 monthly; lota any tract; first
price, first choice; near sites bought for fac-
torlee. etc. A. W. BELL 211 Montgy.. 3. P.
TYPEWRITERS ASD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $23: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th»
Typewriting Exchange. 530 California St.
A FEW good typewriters at $TO each: get p«,r-
tlculars of L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Moat.
Kctnery st. -
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Weh*t«r Typewriter Tn»T»«c. Co. B<W Market.
LEGAL ADVCKTISEMt.VTs.
NOTICE — Office of Insurance Commissioner.
San Francisco. Cal., May 11. 19O4 — Having
ascertained that the capital stock of the
Union Surety and Guaranty Company haa
become impaired, and that said company haa
become insolvent within the true intent and
meaning of the insurance laws of the State
of California. I have this day revoked its
certificate of authority, previously granted,
as provided In section 600 of th« Political
Code, and notice Is hereby given that said
company Is no longer authorized to transact
the business of Insurance within this State.
E. MYRON WOLF. Insurance Comnluliuur.
WANT COLliriN OF THE CALL, BUT YOU HAY GAIN ONE
MONEY TO LOAN— Continued.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indoR»ement, knowledge of employer or
' anyone; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protest-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton ;phone Bush 434.
MONEY loaned to salaried- people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan- and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MONEY to loan on low lntereet; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming leans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103 % Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM 11 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method— To wage earners on unln-
dorzed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loaa
Company, room* 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 8. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages.
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
¦ — ¦ '¦
ALL loan? on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
1 PER cent oa furniture or piano. 10O3 Mutual
Savlnrs Bank building. 708 Market st.
1H per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bldg.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until II p. m.
JtirsiCAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
One Erard; nice condition $50
Ont English Le Blond: good order *75
One Sterling; cost $325; new ficS
One Leics, walnut case; fine order $179
Ont. Chlckering: mahogany case $250
One Knabe, uaod one year, latest style; one
Steinway. used 2 years, latest style; on*
Voce mahegany case, used 8 months; also 1
new piano, mahogany case, three strings, lat-
est style, upright grand. $147 50. . ; : V. j
$10 Squares $10.
Emerson, Kurtzman, Cummlngs, Hallet & Da-
vis Stelnway, Kranlch & Bach, Halnes and 40
others from $10 up; easy payments — guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ A BON. 16 O'Farrell.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month: the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes at _.
RENTING Is our specialty; $2 up; apply on
purchase; Installments $4 up. IIEINO
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st. : Oakland. 1232
Broadway. ..-..•.
6PECLAL bargains this week; square planoa.
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 303 Post st.
A NEARLY new upright grand, fine tone,
.cheap; owner going away. 337 Clement st.
TREMENDOUS slaughter storage pianos and
fur.; dirt cheap. Whltehead's.1636 Market st.
$165— STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos eold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. 8CHMITZ tt CO., 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Ehoninger, littie used. Keeffe's. 283 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauiy pianos. Ceclllan plaao
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post «t.
. , ¦ - pATsarre.
INVENTIONS patented. P. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg., C32 Market st.
I nORSES AND WAGONS.
B, 12 AND 14 paeser.ger 4-seat eurrtes. second-
hand Toomey . cart, low phaeton platform
g?ar surrey and oak trap, hack, coupe, pneu-
rr.atlc buggy. 2 bikes and tandem cart.
O'BRIEN'S. Golden Gate ave. and Polk et.
HANDSOME brown mare fcr surrey or trap;
weight about 1200 lbs. 0S8 Geary St.. phone
Polk 1477.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. 8. F.
SOUND wagon horse, $30; good camping team.
$30; camping wagon. 2728 Bryant Bt.
FOR eale cheap — 100 kinds of *urreys, camp
wagnns. rubber-tire buggies. 1503 Folsom st.
R^BBER-tired Breuster buggy. $45; good con-
dition; bargain. 4200 Eighteenth st.
SHETLAND pony, gentle and fast, for sale.
Box iSS34. Call office.
FOR sa!e — A nice light delivery wagon. 301 j
Fourth Bt.
LIGHT second-hand wagon for sale. 843
Howard st.
ONE pony and buggy or cart and harness for
m> cheap. 1504 Fo'.som and Eleventh et.
FOR BALE— Bay mare. C years old. Box 1982,
_Ca II office.
FINK English dog cart, almost new, cheap.
Inquire at 6 Eddy Ft., room 100.
HCRSES of all rrs.den bought, sold and ex-
chanced. H. ATKINSON. 65 Hermann st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nen«. work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
• HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery
HOVSES FIRXISHED — FOR SALE.
_
10 ROOMS; good location; well furnished; rent
$45; clears $40; this week only. $550; no
_ a 5_ <?nt _ B^ Address A. L .. 615 Larkln st. |
JONES. 305. near Eddy — House of 10 sunny
ro^ms; nicely furniplied; reasonable.
HOUSES WASTED — FIRXISHED.
WANTED — Comfortable house In Mill Valley
tor June ana July; state price and location;
references exchanged. 1001 San Antonio
ave.. Alameda.
LAUNCHES POB wnyn,
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
•t . ; for pleasure and business ; tel. Bush 534.
J. M'.chaelis Launch Co.. Unlon-et. wharf ;boat-
ttg i excursion*. 5 Steuart St.; tel. John 2t38.
LOST A.\D POU.\O.
LOST — Package containing two linen dre;ses.
In front of Newman & Levinson's. Sutter-st.
entrance; $20 reward and no questions asked.
Return tc NEWMAN & LEVINSON'S, 120
Kcarny Et.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, en Jackson or Sac-
ramento st. cars or in Park, a diamond sun-
burst. Return same to room 15. 204 Front
st.. and receive rt-»*ani: no questions asked.
LOST— Round class pin with letters D D. S.,
V. L\. '04; reward. T. SIMMS, 132 Mc-
Allister st.
STOLEN— Bay horse, with a circular brand and
one white hind leg, belonging to SWIFT &
CO.. 107 Tenth st.
LOST — Red poctetbook; contents no value ex-
cept u> owner: $•*> reward if returned to 643
¦' Geary st.. after 7 p. m.
LOST — Brown collarette at Grand Opera House
v Reward. 22U Pen st.; phone Geary 1581.
LOST— Fly casting club medal. Reward for
rtturn to '•> Monteoniery st.
LOST— Small day book; reward. WEICHEL
& BJORX. CC3 Willow ave.
MATSIMOinAL. ~
GENTLEMAN (33) desires to make acquaint-
ance widow or working girl; object matri-
mony. Bex 3:tlS, Call office.
MEDICAL.
LADIE3 desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult rae; my methods
art painless and reliable: n failures; no ex-
orbitant feee. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all
female disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE
702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WTETH. tpedallst tor all female
complaints and Irregularities ; lnrtant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S28 Post mt.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male trouble* and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. Sth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur'*
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
tRt?. wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this epeclalist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the moot difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Dr*. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Nees— Expert
in obetetrlcs. female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
"EZK-MEXSA" cures irregularities in three
days; $1 per bottle; $1 25 by express. CEN-
TUBT REMEDY CO.. 405 Montgomery st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
epeclalist; a private home before and during
conflEement; beat medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having recured lease of
pr»ml«es. Is permanently located at &11A
Leaven worth St.. bet. Geary and O'FlarrelL
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded; confidential.
LR, EMILIA FUNKE, 141« 8th st.. Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1121 Market.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. Dr. SYLVESTER. 211> Kcarny st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folscm St.. corner
2Cth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
MUTES AHD MINIZTCK
$500 — START gold mining; rich ground: long
lease; new machine. HALL. 691 Sutter st.
MlSCKLLAMiOCS— KOH MA US.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand macl^eryT"McIN- i
TOSH St WOLPMAN. Ii»5-lfr7 Fremont st. .
STANDARD oil rig. fully equipped, and 1500
feet of casing. 11% In. to 7% In.; also 1500
feet of fe and 6 Inch drive pipe. Apply for
particular* GAFFEY A MAHON. 605 Cali-
fornia at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elatertte; in rolls easy to lay;
need* no painting or coating ; good over old
Iron, tin or rhlnsles; beat for new roofs.
ELATKRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAXD machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleye, "haftlixg. etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented acJ exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
PAINT your old and new metal and shlngl*
roof* with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks in the one and preserv* the
new. 205 Front Ft.; tel. Main 1428.
MUST sell, parties going north, automobile
with trailer; good for camping out. WIL-
LIAM W. WEBER, southeast cor. Delaware
ft. and San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
A— FINE *ult». $7 60; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
Bear Bush; open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, rells or rent* gear machinery, en-
rir.es boilers, water pipe, thaftiog. pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW, 253-255 £pear at.
GENT'S full <!reas. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS..
25 Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
rmall weekly payments. United. Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton at.
J. COOPER, genfs full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palaca Hotel to 21 Stockton
St.. upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 830 Kearny st. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's cboes at $1 and $1 CO pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 &0; we pay express
charges. 11 8d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT& AWNINO CO.,35 Mkt. TeLBush ff5S.
RUBBER-TIRE baby buggy with a parasol;
almost new: $5. 1822 McAllister st.
BRITANNICA Encyclopaedia, latest edition. 3i
vola. KING'S. Cl McAllister st.. nr. Market.
LAUNCH; half cabin; new Racine engine. Ad-
drees 1435 Park st.. Alameda.
A PAIR of 54-in.xie-ft. boilers, % shell; half
cost. B. D. BURNS. 318 Bush st.
GRINDING stone, carpenters'- and plumbers'
tools; floor trucks and tracks. 953 Howard.
FOR sale — 1 elegant GO-llght electric bath cab-
inet; reasonable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis st.
DIAMOND rings. $1 per week ; no references
1 required. REED. 01 Crocker building.
Reward for
HELP WASTED — MALE — Cob.
A— MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LeafllEC Easployrr.eat and Labor Agents.
PHONE MAIN M4S.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH. JsVVlSS. FRENCH,
GERMAN. GREEK. ITALIAN.
Your far- free. Ix>nk — FYee fare.
TO 6TATE OF NEVADA.
. If you etay Tour month*. THAT'S ALL.
D. S GOVERNMENT WORK.
2C5 two-horse teamsters. $t$0.
:TC laborers, you'll suit. J-.".
05 drillers, rockmen, hammcrsmen, $75.
ETgla hour*' work dally; hundreds going.
t> carpenters, city Jobs. $4 day.
4 carpenters, faxe $1 40, $3 £>:.• day.
3 p*.perhanferB. fare $1 00. $4 day.
. 2 painters, fare Jl 50. J.< 50 day.
4 plurr.bers. fare SI SO. $5 day.
2 tinsmiths, fere $1 30. J4 day.
Wh^iwright, operate wheel machine, fare Jl,
*3 day.
Boilermaker, raj* fAr, f3 anil $3 BO day.
Blacksmith, .-i.-ir* 00.. il<»n<ioc1no Co.. $50 fd.
Wheelwright, 60c fare, *50 and found.
1« coopers, elack work, steady.
2 • corr.lc*n>«n. exceptionally good Jobs, $3 60
day.
4 plasterers, fare $1 50, $5 day.
Carrtag* painter, sticker hand, country. $4
day.
Molder and ptlcker hand.
Gang edgerman, far* $1. $.15 to $70 found.
rouble cut band awytr, $5 day.
?^rew turner. Santa Clara. County. $75.
.*> rhlngle packer*, different plaoea.
•Mt-eS sawyer; 4 nhtr.gler*. $1 per M.
E4frrjr.an. fare $1 •». $13 and found.
LOOK.
12 hor*e*hoer«. city and country. $4 $3 SO,
*i. $2 50 day. ' * V !
14 blacksmiths aad helper*. Si. $3 $2 day
STABLEMEN.
'-•« »t*.blemen. city and country. $7B, $80, $50
and found.
HATMAKEES.
-5 haymaker* mower*. $1 25 <iay and found.
. 2fl vtneyard and orchard hands. $2«. $30 fd.
3« jnilker* and butter end cheese maker*. $30
to STiO and found.
16 choremen an<3 boys. $15 to $30 found.
MINES.
12 machine miners. $90.
l s *> woodcht>pp*rs, all over California.
MEN AN'O WIVES.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTM ENTS.
I* cocks $.'50. $4<» f.Vi $ti<>. $7<» found.
1<5 waJters *», r".(», $41) end found.
IS <U*bwaib*r»-. J20. $2Z. $S0 $:» found.
12 porters, b«»ll arvl e!<-vatr.r DOTS. $30 to $15.
LA0XTJBT.
26 laundryrncn different departments, $15 to
J-i a tv,;.
BAKERS.
2 f.r*t. 4 cvend rn br*-a<1 1 s'vnrtd on cakes.
MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS. |
TELEPHONE AND LETTER ORDERS. j
<"lrrular *awy«r. tnv* h^re. $75 to ?90 found.
Setter ffrrf'ivnead fclocks; boss h<*re: $.'J day.
f>oor moulder, iic far*; $2 to $3 day.
Plan^rman. fare fl Sf» ; $i;0 and found.
Cattlcherder. fare $1 25; $.*M» and found.
T.3 HAYMAKERS.
$1 SO $1 50 and found day. $1 50
Painter, carriage works, fare $1 50; $50 fd.
l^ogfrrr. understands rigging, north. $60 fd.
Screw turner ftr.all L. mill. *55 fd.
TOOKTHER.
Screw turner, south; edgerrnan, south; hook
tender. «outh.
" brick loader*, country, 23c M.
R rlow teamsters, fare fl $:j2 50 found.
Vegetable girdpner. $30 found.
Ed»;erm»n. lumber company, bees here, $50
f>r.d fiuind.
Screw turner, lumber company, boss here, $00
Jirjd found.
5 plumbers. $4 a day,
Corrrnaiser, city. Rood job. fS day.
•> carriage jesters, *1S 10 $15 week.
LOOK!
12 catting ckifpers or cleaners. $75.
FOREMEN.
Foreman for tunnel*, bop? here.
Fcrernin mclder. iron worker, $4 to $3 day.
ENGINEER.
Engineer, electric and 'steam, cold storage,
MO and found.
Foreman. u«rd to oil burners. $60.
Boy learn trades. Weavers on blankets.
FREE FARE TO ALL.
9 boilermaker*. boss here, $3 CO to $4 day.
time and a half overwork, including board
end lodging.
2 machinists, manufacturing company, $3
day.
Roller rrtnder for flour mSll<=.
fi farmers an^i wIv»-r. $7<». «00. S5O. $40 f,1.
5 laborers, lumber company. $.;5 and found.
LOOK!
Polieher. northern laundry. $!"• week.
Irener. charge Of country ironing. $75.
Roustabout, musician preferred, springy. $.».
house butcher's fcerper, ranch.
*3S and found.
Butterraaker. stork farm, fare $1 60. $25 fd.
« section hantls, fare 5ue, ?1 fiO day. •
!<• farm hand*, southern town. $1 13 to $1 50
ten-
Best Places at— MURRAY & READT'S.
Beet Ware* at — SM-CM Clay «t.
AMETHYST pendant pin. set In gold wreath.
Return room <S'i, Wells-Kargo bldg.; re-
ceive reward.
A MAN cf indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make mor.ey. F. PERSON.
477 aad 478. Parrott building.
WANTED — Non - union boilermakers. Call
room 25. 233 Powell et.. 2 to 4 p. m.
WANTED — Btea4j man with $75 capital in
light manufacturing business. L'b3 Fourth st.
WANTED — Boy in drug etore. Call at 1C98
Post Ft.
. BOY to work In tailor fhon: one without a
home; must be steady. 1318 Van Ness are.
TOVNO man in bazaar and general etore. Ap-
ply SJOO Fillmore »t.
WANTED — Painter and pai>er-hang»r to work;
reasonable. A. B.. box 3343. Call office.
WANTED — 3 laborer*. Fourteenth ave. *nd N
et. South. Kenturky-si. cars.
WANTED — A bey to run elevator and make
himself useful. 2M Stockton et.
WANTED— Young man who Is a thoroughly
Vxprrienoul express wrapper; one who has
p<xA local experience. Apply at HALE
BROS., Inc.. between & and 11 a. m.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced dry goods
alwmii. At-Dly at HALE BROS., Inc.,
|j«-t*e«-ri 9 and 11 a. m.
ALL ~ "
Men to learn the BARRER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
ttar.t practice ai.d expert instruction; special
<¦•?!* r an1 cntalop'ie mailed fr*e.
MOHLER ETS7CM COLLEGE. C33 Clay st.
WANTED — IIU5tl!r.g j=alcrrr.an for factory line
crockery &i« 6ide line • on rommlwlon; good
money; state territory traveling, line now
handling and qualifications. Address box
432. Bacramerito, Cal.
WANTED — Three firft-cla?* carriage black-
smiths and three firet-class body makers; !
pood wa^es ar.d steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. JIEISTER & EONS CO.,
Baerarr.ento. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers *nd mechanics to know
thU KA Ro'klo. Rfqo House proprietor, has
added 100 new rootn» to' the Denver House.
• SIT Third »t. : 250 room* : 25c to 60c per night.
WANTED— Flrst-c'.a** *1!k palesman. retail
dry good* More. Address M. R. & CO box
3827. Can office.
TRT cur mea*a «hoe*, union made, at $1 and
XI 60 pair; foot-form sho*s at $2 SO; w* pay
expreca or taall charges. 11 31 «t .Exam. bid.
CHIP carpenters; helpers; laborers, etc. 618
Third *t.
TOl'NG man for salesman. Columbia Hat
Work*, 111-15 Fourth Et.
TOUNG man to wait at table. 25S Flr«t
rtre«t.
BARBER shop for «a>, cheap; Mission dip.
trtct. Inquire of H. SEARNAIiD. 104 7th.
STRONG boy to learn the carriage and wagon
blacksmtthlng trade. ts28 Harrison st. '
WANTED — A good coatmalter. 203 Natoma
street.
2-CHAIR barber shop for pale: clears $28 to
$30 weekly. WILL & FINCK. 21 O'Farrel 1 .
WANTED — A steady baker; good place. Ad-
dre*« P. O. box 223. Sebaetopol. Cal.
EAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. Zi Steuart st.
LABOR debts collected; cults, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 228 Montgy.. r. 414.
TOUNO man to learn barber trade: wages
while learniBjr. 741A Howard at.. ,. '
EAILORS and young znen terera hands) for
«hlp*. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson- si
Peoclon Atty.. E. A. Bullia. r. 40. Pbelaa bldg.
Paat Coax. O*o. II. Thomas Poat. O. A. R.
WINCH ESTER HoteL 44 Third St., near Mar-
krt — 700 rooms; Slo night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baerace to and from ferry.
A "BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
ef a^rerUsotneDts and subscriptions haa bees
cpe&ed at 1006 Market «t., epposit* Fifth.
Op*n until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, •utscrtptlons received at
Call Lranrh office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sice* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. MB Ml««ion it., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your eboes balX-coled while waiting; 25c
to &Or Cf3 Mtolen «t.. bet. 1st and 2d at*.
SOUCITOnS WASTED.
FOUCITORS and agenU desiring a good sal-
ary aad commission will call forenoon or
address C. D. CHADD, rm. 1. Brooklyn Ho-
_ lei. Bcih n.. bet Eassome-Montcomery.S.F.
PERSONALS.
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A wrinkled
face positively restored to Its former contour;
pimpie, harmless, scientific method shown on
the living face; permanency guaranteed. Call
or write for book, "Hints on Beauty," free.
M. KLLA HARRIS. 781 O'Farrell st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops faillng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'.halrdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy CO., 1338 Polk
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
Bkln. mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
SCALP treatment given by a lady to produce
growth of hair; hcura 10 a. xn. to S p. m.
and evenings; best of reference*. Hotel
Atlanta, 452 Ellis st.
RAG caroets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st., Oakland.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a wpek. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market ft.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & mole* removed by elec-
tric needle. Mr*.Dr.A.W.Traver9, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 SO.
_Mlsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 CO. post
paid. DR. BURNARD A CO., 140 Geary. S.F.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAU8 A CO. (Inc.), tailors. 729 Market.
ActlnA. restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Gear} 7 , room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1. at all drugglsf.
PAXiMlSTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific nalmint. 613
Taylor at., near Geary. Phew Black Qfil.
PARTNERS WASTED.
WANTED — A partner with $3000 to buy half
Interest In sawmill; lots of timber; inquire
at this office for address. Box 3829. Call.
PHYSICIANS AND SURUKO5H.
DR^^^rcTo^DONNELL-Orfic* and residence
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 Vj Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM, herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cure* all disease* of human
by us* of herbs and teas. 727 Washington at.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74S-8 Clay st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. Cth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market et.. opposite Third—
: For the half year ending Slst of December.
1803, a dividend haa been declared at tha
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock - and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIO, Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 9, S per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
gomery St.. room 6. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
. ¦PECIALISTa.
CATARRH/DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlsgbam. 201 Sutter it
MISCRIiU!fE«P8 FOR SAI..K Cob.
PIGKONS — All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Ilaclgalupl, 1
moved to 786 Mission Ft.
SECOND-HAND safe*. $55; 60-Inch desk, $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market St.
IMPROVED Wood printing presses. ga»otln«
engines. Boyer Machine Works, 46 Spear st.
ROUND camoinc tents for sale; cheap; some
new; iexl6. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds nnd watches:
easy payments. GARIN. 803 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and cash reclsters, new and secood-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market tt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANX SAFE CO.. 30" Battery et. _^
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains, nullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market Bt.
GASOLINE engines automobiles and launches:
all ylzos. J. E. DOAK. 4K Fremont ft.
MISCELLAXKOUS •VVANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress' suits, etc.; send
postal ' card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 23
Stockton st.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays th«
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building In 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
I>avis 8^5; 650 Sacramento st.
GOOD secondhand Icebox, hardwood preferred,
size about 4x0. Box 3919, Call office.
-
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, told and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 782 Mission; phone Bush 407.
SHOES wanted; misfit A castoff; highest prca.:
n»w * ?d-h«n<1 >hn<»« for >al>.. 740 M1««l<-n.
money to loaa.
aX^52kman^m7jhphy]
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of renta; property In trukt.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5% AND 8 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN and COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided interests in real estate, property in
truet: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STS.
——— WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
let. i!d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate, or -
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
LOWEST BANK RATE. ~~*
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates in probate, iftidlvlded interest In
pstatea, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of interest.
RIVERS BROS., 205 Montgomery et.
ANT amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Ponoho* bldg.. 1170 Market at.
AT lowest rates on furniture and planoa: strict
privacy;co commission ;lnatallmenta accepted.
BONELLJ. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery at, rm. 7.
I FREE 1==—^— — j FREE j
As an inducement to Want Advertisers to test
the pulling power of our Classified Columns.
A FINE NUT SET
NUT PICKS AND CRACK.
Consisting of Six Highly Plated Steel Picks and One Crack, will be
given Free, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, to Want
Advertisers in Next Sunday's Call.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE3 of the San Francisco Call, comer Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
I 1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
100 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p.m.
639 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m. „_
615 Lairkin street ; v open until 9:30 p. m. .," c , ,,, , ;¦"
1841 Mission, street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
• ' HI 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. „.. ,.
1 ' ." - • 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. ' - •
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second »nd Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE: z£'~ r i. „.,«.,
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1081
' BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park StreetJames N. Powell (owner) with B. T. Owsley
(contractor), architect J. W. Forsyth— All
work except plumbing for a three-story frame
bulldlns (flats) on lot on W. line of Shrader
street, 100 N of Grove. N 25 by W 100-3
Western Addition 704; $8400.
Mary T. Morgan (owner) with Henry H
Easter (contractor), architect W. G. Hind— All
work for a three-story frame building (flats)
on lot on S line of Turk street, 90 E of Devis
adero. E 30 by S 75; $6805.
W ™J al £v A ' Jol "' B < ow ner) with J. R. Leavers
and W. Thornally (contractors). , archi
tect—All work for a. two-story and basement
H^lghts^ U ?46ai S °" l0t 18> bl ° Ck F> Sun8et
Same owner with Ickelheimer Bro«. (con
tractors), architect same— Plumbing a-a* fit
ting, etc.. for same on same; $5955 '
Same owner (with Martin Peterson (con
tractor) architect same— Painting, staining
varnishlns. tinting, etc.. for same on sSme^
Same owner with J. w. Miller (contractor)
architect same— Urlck, terra. cotta and granite
work for same on same; $10 873.
nrrhi m £f° Wn ' r J!™ h w ««!ey Heldt (contractor),
architect same— Tin work, galvanized iron and
s?£?n r WOrk and "WGhts for same on same;
Same owner with OtU Elevator Company
(contractors), architect same— Passenger ele
1'ajor and sidewalk hoist lor same on eame-
John C. Flood (owner) with F. A. Blan
chard (contractor). architect— All work
for a two-story frame buildlnjr on lot on W
line of Harrison street, 275 N of Twenty
fourth. N 30 by W 122:6; ?4976.
Alicia Minlfle (owner) with A. T. Spence
'contractor), architects H. H. Meyers and C
R. Ward— Carpenter, mill work, stairs, glass,
Glazing, hardware, damp-proofing, lathing
plastering, tiling, roofing for a seven-story
and basement building on lofon NE corner of
Powell and O'Farrell streets, N 77:6 by E
2< :«; $15,815.
Mrs. Annie J. Larkin (owner) with John
Handschumacher (contractor). architect
All work for a two-story frame bulldlnz on
lot on N line, of Twentieth street, 25 E of
Eureka; $ .
Antonio Valelungs (owner) with Building
Construction Company (contractors and ar
chitects)—All work for a three-story frame
building (flats) on W line of Fotaom street.
21:6 S of Preclta avenue. S 21:6. W 75 N
7.335. NE 22.086. E 70; $4680.
Julius J. Mezps (owner) with S. A. Born
(contractor), architect same — All work for. two
two-atory frame building* on lot on NW cor
ner of Fillmore snd Green streets, N 50 by
W 60; $11,500. -'•'.
Mary E. Sullivan (owner) with Edward Gin
ley (contractor), architect— All work for
a two-story frame building- on S line of Lake
street. 82:6 W of Fourth avenue. W 23 by S
100. Outside Lands block 75: $3450.
Henry Ollle (owner) with R. Olson (con
tractor), plans by owner — Alterations and ad
ditions to a two-story frame building (flats)
on W line of Treat avenue. 130 S of Twenty
first street, No. 808 Treat avenue: $1750.
Mayo A. Greenlaw (owner) with Thomas
Vodd<>n (contractor). architect— Repairing
of burnt portions of frame- building at 250
Frederick street; $2670.
Annie T. Grundy. wife of Edmund (owner),
with John Flaherty (contractor), architect t!
Paterson Ross — All work for a three-story and
basement frame building (two flats and store)
on SE corner of Fifteenth and Church streets
8 25 by E 75; $7860.
Joseph and Deana Alves to Samuel Nelson,
lot on N line of West Park street. 413:9 B of
Holly. E 25 by N 100, lot 46, block 3, Holly
Park; $10.
Franklin R. and Emma L. Smith to Frederlch
L. Smith, lot on W Une of Athens street, 50
6 of Persia, W 10O by S 50, lot 8, block 63,
Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Geqjs*.D. Bliss and Peter McCann) to Helen
M. Sullivan, Annie B. Rucker and Harriet L.
Herrmann, lot on E line of Kentucky street
and SW line of First avenue, SE to I street,
SW to Seventh avenue. NW to Railroad avenue,
NE to Kentucky, N to beginning; $10.
George D. Jr. and Richard O. Bliss to same,
eame; gift.
The only important Independent
States now remaining in Africa are
Abyssinia and Liberia.
Pattoslen Company (corporation) to Henry
Gddwater. lot on NW corner of Harrison and
Sixteenth streets, W 175, NE 54, NB 84, NH
*"j, NE 04. S 168, recorded May 16, 1904; $4000.
Herman and Johanna Poznanski to James
and Sophie ' Mourn, lot on N line of Grove
street 82:6 E of Gough. E 27:6 by N 68:9; $10
Ira L. Delano to Mary S. Delano, lot on W
U"*,£ f 1 ' yon Btre * t - 10 ° N ot Geary, N 57:«
W 100. N 40:10. NW 104, S 113. E 20l:6- gift
Ilino P. and Elizabeth Janssen to Mary
Bergs,, lot on W line of Boyce street. 612 N
M:6%! nt K I l£;% < 5o? nUe - * S7:6 *' W 121:3 ' 8
,nt^ U K tc }? ,? hn J,.? nd Anna A - O'Connell
(Ohm) to C H. Wilson (executor estate of
iA^ard Godchaux), lot on E line of Ashbury
SSSS&S go"*" 1 *- N by E «*
George M. Mitchell to William Havard and
John E Hill, lot on S line of 8acramento
usm-H- $lo ° f LaureI> W 137:(J by s
. *7?^ Earl D - and Florence G. Balrd
to Celine Benoit. lot on N line of Twenty
iw° n $io 8treet< w of riorlda ' w 25 *y **
i ? < * eort E, ?; 1 al - to Frank Castagna.
IS 1 °. a^f Une of York (Hampshire) street 03
N of Twenty-first. N 25 by W 100; $1100
Fred . , B ' «»d Llllte F. Butterfleld to Michael
?, n rlt Ce fii a «S2 rle , y 'J Ot On W Ilne ot Dolores
street. 51:6 N of Army. N 25 by W 114; $10
George A. Rice to Albert H. Stoll. lot- on W
30 n> by W iw! h $l" reet ' ° 2 S ° f EJ " ab «h. S
James B. and Sarah Mahony to Walter It.
Mize. lot on W line of Castro street. 33:10U
N of Jersey. N 25 by W 80- $10
Philip and Sophie Conradi and Adolph and
Ray Goldberg to A. P. Hotallng & Co. (cor
poration) lot on E line of Montgomery street.
50 S of Jackson, S 25 by E 127- $10 °" ccl -«
Samuel O. and Tillie G. Meyer and Herman
and Pauline Friedlander to Benjamin GumT
lot on h. »ne of Larkin street. 103 feet N of
Geary. N 34:6 by K CO; $10
F «w k iP' Sl , ri ?? harn t0 James J- Fagan. lot
on hW line of Harriet street. 225 feet SE of
Brannan. SE 25 by SW 75; $10.
Same to same, lot on SW line of Harriet
TO^'sio SE ° f Brannan - SE 25 by SW
M F. Michael to James J. Fagan. lot on
E line of Geneva street, 200 feet S of Bran
nan. E 100 by S 50; $10,
James J. and Alice B. Fagan to California
Saw Works, lot on SW line of Harriet street
1MX> feet SE of Brannnn, SB 50 by SW 75- $— '
Minnie T. and Julius Hartrlng and Llzzii
J. Browne (or Dunne) to Ida J. Moody, lot on
NE Une of Kichth street. 76.10 feet NW o'
Hooper. E 27.68. E 58.79, NE ,71.06. NW 174
NW 67.88. SW 79.89, S 119.21. SE 73.28" $300*
George D. and Llllle B. Toy to Thomas f'
Rooney, lot on B line of Twenty-first avenue
175 feet N of Lake street, N 50 by E 120 :
510. 'v " / • •
Thomas J. Rabjohn to A. H. Vail, lot on
W Ilne of Twenty-»econd avenue. 150 feet 3
of Lakfl street, S 25 by W 120, quit claim
deed; $5.
A. H. and Harriet M. Vail to Nathan N
Nichols, lot on W line of Twenty-second ave
nue. 150 feet S of Lake street, S 25 bv W
120; $10. -.. -
Palomares Land Company (corporation) to
J. W. Wrlrht & Sons Investment Co.. lot on
W line of Thirty-ninth avenue. 325 feet S of
Point Lobos. 8 100 by W 120; ahKj lot on
SB corner of Fortieth and Point Lobos ave
nues. S 100 by E 23; J10.
Isaac and Helena LJebes to James P. Jor
g»n*en. lnt on N line of B street. 57:6 feet E
of Eighth avenue, K 50 by N 100; $10.
Oscar C. and Agnes E. Cappelman to Albert
M. Whittle, lot on W line of Sixth avenue
145 feet S of II street. S 23 by W 120: $10. '
R. L. Atkins to James H. Gingg, lot on N
line, of I street. 95 W of Sixth avenue. W "5
by N 110: $10.
Fmma T. and Ida B. Fenton to Albert M
Whittle, lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 50 N
of Hugo 6treet, N 25 by E W; also lot on E
lln<» of Sixth avenue, 75 N of Hugo street, N
25 by E 95: $10.
City Realty Company (corporation) to Marie
Ash. let on W Une of Third avenue, 110 N of
I «<treet. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to Alfred C. Williams, lot on W line
of Second avenue, 85 S of Hugo street. S 25
by W 95; $10.
Same to Madeline C. Williams (wife of Will-
Jam H.). lot on E line of Third avenue 85 N
of I street. N 25 by E 05; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to William H
Ensign. l"t on Ellne of Fourteenth avenue. 225
N of K street. N 25 by E 120: $10.
Peter McCall (survivor of William Dunpby.
hi— i ¦turwmii it II m fi i i II 1 1 1 inn i i in i n r
TUESDAY. MAY 17.
IlEAL ESTATE TttAXSACTIONS.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 18— Stmr Oceanic,
for New York.
Arrived May 18 — Stmr Georgian, from Port
land.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived May 18 — Stmr
Deutschland, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 18— Stmr
Ivernla from Boeton, for Liverpool; stmr Teu
tonic, from New York, for Liverpool.
Sailed May 18— Stmr Auranla, from Liver
pool, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 18— Stmr Cltta
dl Narolia, from Genoa.
Sailed May 18— Stmr Cedrlc, for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 18— Stmr
Kronprinz Wilhelm, from Bremen, for New
York.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to May IS
Stmr Korea, from San Francisco via Hono
lulu, for Yokohama.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
$10,000 reward will be paid to any person
who has ever presented one of our prizes at
our office and was refused payment. •
All prizes of this company are paid ln full
Immediately en presentation at the office of
the company In San Francisco.
Following are the capital prizes as decided
by the Honduras National Company Saturday,
May 14, 1004; No. 98867 wins $7600, sold In
San Francisco, Cal.; No. (53S64 wins $2000, sold
ln Alvarado, Cal.: No. 6S530 wins $1000, sold
in Oakland. Cal.: No. 10121 wins $500. sold In
San Francisco, Cal.: No. 06964 wins $250, sold
in San Francisco. Cal.: No. 90145 wins $250
eold In San Francisco Cal.
This company paid to E. S. Halsey, No. 841
Thirty-fourth street, Oakland. Cal.. $3750 for
one-half ticket No. 77204, drawing April 28,
1904; to S. L. Beary. Portland. Ore., for client
$1250 for one-haU ticket No. H3742. utme date :
to N. Hadeno. 123 North Broadway. Los An
geles. Cal.. $1250 for whole ticket No. 36134.
same date.
TO THE PUBLIC! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS! All genuine tickets of this com
pany have Initials "R. O. Co." on faces and
monogram "R. G. C." on backs thereof.
The Louisiana Company of San Fran
cisco. «
ORGANIZED MAY. 1900
Jim Butler ..40 — Ton of Nev.. 8 25 9 00
Little Ton .. 25 —Ton N Star... 26 80
MacNamara . 18 20 Ton Midway.. 37 38
Mont Ton..! Z7V, 1 CO Ton & Salt L 65 70
Pine Grove . . 50 — United Ton . . 13 20
Ray Ton ... 11 15!
WEDNESDAY. May US —^ p. m.
Bid. Ask. I | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 09 10| Justice ." 10 11
Alta 07 09 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 13 20 Keyes Graes.. — 100
Belcher SI 32 j Lady Wash .. — C8
Best & Belch. 1 45 1 r.5, Mexican 1 75 1 SO
Bullion OS 101 Occidental 70 81
Caledonia ... C5 ti'lOphlr 5 37V4 5 50
Challenge Con 20 24?Overman 29 31
Chollar IS 19iPotosl 15 IT
Confidence ...1 10 1 20 Scorpion 10 14
Con C & Va.l G5 1 70iSavage S2 34
Con Imperial. 02 05]Seg Belcher ..08 10
Con NY 02 04 1 Sierra Nev .. 43 45
Crown Point. 21 22jSllver Hill .. 65 57
East Sierra N 03 06iSt Louis 09 10
*: r >-«v., Con.. — 50,'Syndicate 04 06
Exchequer .. 30 SliUnlon Con ..66 67
Gould & Cur. 28 ::"!Utah 07 OS
Hale & Norc. U0 Cfl Yellow Jacket 21 22
Julia 05 07J
TONOPAH MIXES.
Bld.AHk.l Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 07iRay & OBrien 04 05
Esperanza ... — 01! Rescue 06 07
Gold Anchor. — 30'Ton Belmont.. 66 C8
Gold M Con. 02 05!Ton Exen...l 05 1 12%
Hannapah ... 01 03|Ton Gold M. 15 —
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
250 Mont Ton ...1 C0| 500 Ton Belmont.. 67
600 Ton Belmont. 681 500 Ton Midway.. S8
Afternoon Session.
100 MacNamara . 2011000 Rescue 06
600 Mont Ton ...1 57| 200 Ton Midway.. 88
100 Ray & OBrlen 05 200 Ton N Star... 27
100 Rescue 07 100 Ton &. Salt L. 61
400 Con C & V.I 67H| 100 Union Con .. 68
200 Con C & Va.l 65| 200 Yellow Jacket. 22
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 301 200 Sierra Nev .. 44
100 Caledonia ... 6C| 100 Utah OS
200 Con C & V.I 67 HI 200 Yellow Jacket. 21
200 Justice • 11| 200 Yellow Jacket. 22
100 Mexican 1 76
Continued From Page Nineteen.
COMMERCIAL NnWS
Each coupon has the initials M. A. P. on the
face and back of the ticket.
mA u? are the capita' prUes as d>
?L ?o£ y »°n<luras National Company May
Itirl 9^ * 8 JV* Wlns * 750 °- BoId ln San Fran
cleco. Cal.; 68,630 wins $1000. sold ln San
FYancisco. Cal.; Nos. 00.145 and 06.064 each
otmU'^wJS 111 ln San Francisco. Cal.: Nos.
83 ' 505 - M,»42. 74,<m 04.325 and 08.446 each
wins $100, eoM In San Luis Oblspo and San
Francl6co, Cal.
«». The v ft>Uowln « r prise* were paid by
the above M. & F. Co. for April 1C, 19M:
Thomas F Feeney and C. P. Lamerbach
<employed by the Oakland Co-operative Cisar
Oo.. 467 Seventh St.. Oakland. Cal.). $3750:
Albert Nusbaum (brewer with Washlnfjten
Rrewery), residing at 17A Vandewater St.,
£?£ Franc 'sco. Cal.. $3750; W. K. Hulbert.
oo00 Army st., San Francisco. Cal.. $2000.
collected by the American National Bank of
3 f™ ncl8 co. Cal.. through the Farmers'
and Merchants' National Bank for client,
Reno. Nev.. $1000. •
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes
are placed before the public from time to
time, we would respectfully call the attention
of purchasers of tickets to buy only from re
sponsible agents and to se« that their tickets
read as follows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OP SAN FRANCISCO. ESTAB
LISHED JANUARY. 18S7. /
The Original Uttle Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco. Estab
lished January, 1 887.
SPECIAL. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
The grand military ball and naval drill
and athletic exhibition, which will be
given in Mechanics* Pavilion to-morrow
night by the Native Sons for the benefit
of the board of relief, promises to be
very largely attended. According to the
practically completed programme given
out by Chairman E. J. Lynch of the
committee in charge, the performance
will be a varied and Interesting one.
much more ambitious than that which
packed the Sutro Baths on a limllar
occasion two years ago.
The athletic features of the pro
gramme are of especial Importance and
have received the hearty co-operation
of local amateur athletic clubs, partic
ularly the Olympic. Professors DeWitt
Van Court and George Miehllng. In
structors of boxing and wrestling, re
spectively, have spent considerable
time coaching the club members that
expect to participate, and predict bouts
of particular excellence. Leader John
J. Gleason and Captain Max Rosen
feld of the Olympic Club have also lent
their aid. The big Pavilion will be the
scene of one of the most unique exhibi
tions next Friday that have ever taken
place theVe, and the board of relief
hopes to realize a large amount from
the entertainment, as tickets are sell-
Ing rapidly.
The performance, which begins
promptly at 8 o'clock, opens with a
number of musical selections by a con
cert band of thirty pieces, including
members of the Native Sons' Band. th«
First Regiment Band and the Naval
Militia Band.
Following the band concert Is an
acrobatic exhibition by Olympic Club
athletes. Including tumbling and other
gymnastic exercises.
The third number on the programme
promises to be a very novel and at
tractive one. It includes the silver
wand drill and other calisthenics which
the San Francisco Turn Verein prize
team has been practicing for the last
six months, in order to compete with
other teams at the State Turn Verein
tournament, soon to be held at Sacra
mento. The Elntracht Society also
takes part In this portion of the per
formance, giving an exhibition of
human pyramid building that Is both
unique and effective.
A GOOD PROGRA3IME.
A number of interesting wrestling
bouts are scheduled to follow the work
of the German societies. Most of the
amateur champions on the coast will
engage in these contests.
Some spirited boxing bouts are prom
ised by the entertainment* committee,
by the leading boxers in all classes.
Special bouts of fancy sparring are al?o
scheduled. This part of the programme,
which Is about complete. Is as follows:
Sam Borser. Pacific Coast amateur Usht
heavyweight, will bos with Harry Chester. In
view of the fact that Berger Is soon to raect^
Ilhodenbach for the amateur championship of
the world, this event Is ono of considerable
importance to eporting men. especially the c!ul>
contingent.
William WoIlfTe. coast champion -welter
weight, will box with his brother. Ted Wollffe.
the- ex-champion. Both aro members of th-*
Ariel Bowing Club.
Bob Lundy, amateur coast champion H»ht
welght boxer, and his brother, Joe Lundy, of
the Olympic Club, will contest for honors.
George Finnegan. who holds the coast ama
teur bantam-weight championship, has beea
matched with Jo« Sullivan.
George Carroll, champion ©f thi» eoaat
feather-weight class, will meet Johnny Crow#.
Special bouts: George Murray and Al Kauf
man. Bob Cairns and Billy Leonard of th»
Olympic Club Henry "Wilson and Harry Retlly
•of the Ariel Rowing Club.
The following Olympic Club men
have entered for the wrestling bouts:
Heavy-weight, 168 pounds — George H.
Williamson, Emile Tscnumie; middle
weight. 158 pounds — Charles Jenkins,
M. R. Jokel. Herbert Duncan, J. Crow
ley, C. B. Iteardon; welter-weight, 145
pounds — F. M. Vechl, John Simpson,
Joseph Hickey. Adolph Pockwltz, Jean
Phillips; light-weight. 135 pounds —
George Henseley, M. E. Dye. C. Pen
tony, E. McKevett, H. M. Imhof, J. A.
Jindoff, G. W. Freeman; feather
weight, 125 pounds— E. J. Anstett. H.
G. Miller, E. Vonar; bantam-weight.
113 pounds— I*. Kullman. G. S. Kroger,
Carl Sterns, G. Long and F. G. Carr.
103.
The competitors will be under direc
tion of their instructor, George S.
Mlehling. There, will be a fencing
bout between Professor V. De Lam
bertlng. instructor Olympic Club, and
Mile. Sophie de L. French. De Witt
Van Court will have charge of the
boxing.
MILITARY FEATURES.
As a closing feature of the pro
gramme there will be military drills
and maneuvers by the National Guard
and Naval Reserve. The flrstfof these
is a military and naval drill by the
Light Artillery, with one-poundor
Hotchklss guns, loaned by Captain
George W. Bauer of the United States
ship Marion, now in the harbor.
Lieutenant H. P. Smith will command
the artillery during this exhibition.
A pistol and saber drill by Troop
A. cavalry, of the National Guard, fol
lows. Captain Charles Jantzen com
manding.
The closing drill is a pretty and
musical one. It consists of guard
mount by Company F. First Regiment.
National Guard of California, anil in
cludes a number of bugle solos. Cap
tain John F. Eggert will act as ofnVor
of the day. Lieutenants James A. Mc-
Carthy and Alexander McCulloch as
officers of tho guard and Lieutenant
Hermann L. Stindt as adjutant.
The committee in charge of the
benefit performance is composed' of K.
J. Lynch, president of the board of
relief, chairman; James Karls, Abra
ham Mayer. Percy L. Baclt, Geprge W.
Gerhart. Harry \V. Mahony, John
Flynn and Harry Levison.
and he reo?ived the money In full upon sur
rendering the abuve narru-fl ticket.
IlKiCMAN SC1IE1TE!:.
92 Park »vtnuf, Brooklyn.
Sworn to before mo the 2uth dav of April.
1004. MAX WtrSTEROW. Notary Public.
OrUlnala of the foregoing affidavits beld by
the Pretiklent of th? Honduras National Lot
tery Company (Louisiana Stata Lottery Ctua
p&ny)* -
3[echanics' Pavilion Show
Promises Surprises and
Many Unique Features
A3iATEUK CLUBS TO AID
Military Drill and Athletic
Exhibition AVill Be Worth
Seeing by Lovers of Sport
. LOSES HIS LIFE GOING TO
\ I COLLECT HIS WEEK'S PAY
I Little Cliarley Hood Is Accidentally
i ""Killed in Elevator in Hale
Hros.' Store. - .
Charley Hood, a boy of 15. was ac
cidentally killed in the elevator of
Hale, Bros.' store yesterday. The lit
j tie fellow, who was one of the wagon
I boys in the employ of the firm, was on
| the elevator going up to get his week's
; pay when from some unaccountable
reason he leaned over to one side of
the cage and was struck by the win
dow sill and caught there. Charley
Throckmorton, an experienced eleva
tor man. was In charge, j The moment
the accident happened he stopped the
elevator and commenced lowering: It
to the first floor and did everything In
his power to save the boy's life.
The victim was conveyed to the
Emergency Hospital, where Dr. E. R.
Bryapt and a trained nurse did every
thing possible to save his life,
but he died very soon. The boy resid
ed at 116 Turk street with his mother.
Mrs. Emma Hood, an estimable work
ing woman. Hale Bros, took charge
of the remains and will bear the fun
eral exDenses.
NATIVE SONS
HELP CHARITY
NUMBERS
—OF THE-
Honduras National Lottery Co.
STATE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Xumbers Class "E" Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, Jlay 14, 1904.
No Prize. |No. Prize. |No. Prize.
-S I«i 255 24 410 24
£\ <0 16 «<J0 120 tt67 24
'£'• 18 S01 10 822 80
,f?\ 80 944 24 974 40
]^-\ l«l 1055 40 1146 40
;:*•'« 16 1376 1« 1377 24
i2*« '-* 1692 40 1697 40
Jif» 16 1733 1S03 16
#i« 1« 2053 16 2153 16
£& £« -'»82 24 2198 1«
£; 55 . 24 2257 21 2358 16
~iZ° 1« -710 16 2753 24
2«» ,24 2057 16 2995 40
i!** 16 .'5210 SO 3303 SO
~f±l 16 &W6 1« 337« 24
ffi* 40 3782 10 4152 ltt
i\^t 1« -»-53 24 42SS 18
JlZl 16 4354 2* 447B 16
4 £ 2B 401 4«16 16 4628 16
JA^S 40 ' 4S15 40 46M ltl
i-*% 16! 5097/.... 16 5233 1«
4 °i Ml)S 1« »«8 24
f.?:? 16| 5058 40 6944 40
*}*•{ 24 6203.;... 16 6365 16
i™ 16 6772 24 C943 16
•242 24 7304 la 731S 80
££3 80 7493 SO 7501 2;
J5J3 40 7S01 10 7803 ltf
™'S 16 7&S6 16 S010 16
f. 112 40 S208 16 83t>9..... 80
8371.V... 16| 8557 16J 8571 16
fW7 40l 8642 1B| 867» 16
, s »0o is| jtcso 24 ell8 16
p-° 10! 9372 80 U400 16
5M51 16[ 9475 16
,^ 18 24|10060 16 10121 2000
}°"; 16|10230 16 1C2SS 16
10A5S 16J10340 4010640 16
}?"5 18 10S07 ltijltrtHJO 40
J}°« 40,11057 24112S7 24
J}2»9 16U380 120 11469 24
11041 4011977 24112035 40
12W6 16(12110 80112205 21
J2247 • 16112202 16U2.W9 16
1;*S3 40 12549 10J 12585. .... 40
12C04 24 12650 24 12767 16
l^OT 16 13119 16J13187 40
13875 1C 13507 16|
J 5 ' 5 ! 40 14099 24|141S3 SO
1^14 1C 142.32 24|14323 SO
} 4 i00 40 14492 12O 14545 16
I*-' 1 '" 3 40114570 16I148O.-J 16
1513* 24 15208 80J152S6 40
i$371 40 15539 24;1570C 24
15il2...... 40 167&7 40II5877 40;
l^V 28 80115945 16|159J>S 24
J6115 24 1C225 24|lt«i>7 16
le^ia 24 10918 24|H078 16
l'O15 24 17067 16il7H?6 16
17410 80ir7475 SO|l747S 80
1'6<8 24 17841 24I18O25 40
JS137 16J1S175 40I1S324 16
JgijO 16|1850« 24|18(i37 16
18757 2411*816 16119028 16
10045 80|10049 IGI19054 16
1»1O6 10 19334 10119471 40
1W"8 16 10496 24119710 16
18528 120 19917 24I199&S 24
20119 16(20180 80I2O2G4 16
20266 16120334 24|203S4 40
20393 16120409 24120448 24
2OJ5S 24120477 10 20483 40
20634 • 80!
20644 1620668 40 20702 16
2O84S 16'20SS2 If, 21179 16
M191 40121231 80213.-.0 24
-'1496 24121571 16(21725 1C
21753 80121766 10121776 16
J1853 16 21S79 2»l21<.iet; 16
J1999 16 22055 10'223tjl 16
12435 40 227S7 24 22S43 40
J2035 16:22955 40 ! 23022 40
13024 16123059 4023214 16
13456 16I235S2 16 23635 16
23665 16I23S01 24 123828 24
23849 16,24162 16J24163 16
14233 40^24470 40*24476 24
24496 24124523 24 24831 16
J4360 16J24740 16i24S0S 16
.'4943 24125132 24 25136 16
J5163 80(25319 120 25399 24
25410 24 25530 80:25722 16
25822 24 20028 24l2«CS3 40
.'624S 40 26264 24126289 24
26387 . 24 1 26389 40--26446 40
26644 1C!267O7 162«740 16
26773 24!2fiSll 16!2tiS13 40
!6979 24|27C43 16J27O47 40
S7092 S0i 27 122 2412731S 40
.'7413 40:27495 24|27590 16
>7703 16 27892. 16128002 80
!S068 24 28090....'. 16I2S2S9 16
£8621 16 f 28e29 I6|2S685 1«
!8749 24 287C3 16;2SS71 24
JSS83 16 28949 16 2896.0 24
J8905 80 290!>4 16|29133 24
19180 24J29184 40:29347 24
>9367 16129394 16(29413 24
.'9424 10 29532 16:29ti24 16
»66S 40!2f»789 16299C5 16
10023 40130073 24!30164 16
J0273 16I30345 40303U* 1«
10395 1630400 40,30419 24
10553 10(30589 S0!3r»622 16
!0633 16IS0716 1<5!3O746 24
10S55 SO 30877 24|31010 120
11064 40131115 120131177 40
{1213 40131430 I«i31«35 16
11645 80 31697 4o!31»16 24
11947 16 31949 16132014 8O
(21S2 l»i 32211 ir,!322S7 24
{2304 16 32352 24132488 40
12515 24132558 4032952 16
J3014 24 33130 16 33363 .' 16
(3460 lt>!33. r >C5 400J3350S* 24
;««.S6 16J33659 24133.S77 24
UOfiO 24 34070 40S34240 16:
54287 24 34308 24J34410 24 i
$4463 40|31490 16 345*0 16
54613 80134667 120J34708 24
U711 40134730 40KHW2 24
35213 80I35330 24 35355 16;
55301 4O3'.3OO 16 35745 10 i
J5750 120 35753 SC|337yS 16 j
10 30049 1«!362S5 lft
J6313 10 3642S 4O|3fo03 40 \
J6515 80 36543 120136777 16!
{0844 80|36073 8037026 16
{7157 24(37256 40137341 16
J7429 1B!37533 16137560 SO
17012 16137635 24(37813 24
J7SU 16I3S143 1S0 3S387 1«
i8476 16:3S7Sr> 2*iS9011 16 j
39018 IK. '31425 24139409 80 |
51)514 16 39.V>O 1 6 3957S 40 i
59705 J6 3070W 40 39736 120 i
$9777 40 398*6 16 39U0S 24 I
10037 16 40052 40 40089 80
10138 16 10257 40 40321 24
»037fl...». SO 40432 24 40481 18
10692 24 40891 24 41024 24
H025 10.41177 16 41312 16
11351 16 41353 16 41MS 24
11748 24 41700 80 42024 16
»2O70 40 421R4 24 42244 16
12433 16 42547 16142028 40
12669 . 24l429"60 40J42961 16 j
13074 16 431M 24U31S3 80
13239 40 43303 80(43336 16
l.-ms 16 43504 16143668 16
13078 40 43682 16(43797 16
13935 24 44Q89 21 44213 24
H2.17 120 44544 120 44569 120
I4.YT4 16 44616 16 44664 40
I4GC8..... 24 44902 16 45010 SO
13402 24 45446 1 6| 45642.'. ... 40
J5769 120 4588S 16I45S94 lfi
J50T.4 24 46122 24140109 80
IH21C 40 46460 16 46520 20
JG591 16 466S8 40|46774 80
K5*O> 40 46856 16|4C954 24
17046 24 47257 24 475C5 40
17621 120 47702 40(47735 SO
I7.S4.1 1« 47S82 16I47S05 10
WOOD 24 48145 16148171 24
IS191 16 4S219 16 4S323 40 i
18355 ... 40 48370 40148618 IG j
1P800 16 48895 1C 48939 16,
IH969 16 49080 16 49401 16
J041S 16 49542 16 49762 24
197S7 16 48827 24|
>0025 16(50078 24 50254 16
>0262 40150312 16 5O3S2 16
,0404 16 50490 21 f.0576 80
,0(>29 24 50680 16 50780 16
-,0018 40 51001 24 51011 24
ilO54 16 6t216 16 51230 24
51285 16 51385 lfi 51303 SO
,1664 24 51686 40 51687 16
>1716 ... 16 51925 16 52051 SO
,2072 24 52101 16 52147 24
,2148 16 52224 24 S2330 16
,2376 40 52426 24 52593 IB
-.2701 40 52953 16 53033 16
',3101 4053197 16 532S6 24
¦C.324 1653527 1653615 16
•,.-,624 24 53637 10 53742 16
i3766 16 5377» 24 53781 ....". 16
13788. . ... 24 53801 40 53887 24
V4311 1654341 80 54391 120 !
i4463 24 54551 40 54595 24
i478B 40 54S94 IK 54915 24
',4918 40 54935 40 54937 10
V4964 24 55042 16 55090 16
15115 80 55341 80 55359 16
•C.438 16 55466..... 80 55521 24
•,r,»U3 40!.")5797 24 5570ft 120
',"1^09 120 r>59»2 . 400 56043 16
•,(5194 16 56268.' 24 56287 16
M312 If. 56323 2156379 40
ity,98 16 56934 24 56S43 24
ifiKTO 24 5fiSft<> 80 5«913 24
J7134 24 57203 16 372J6 40
,7270 16 57388 24 575S9 24
,7738 16 57758 2 J 57789 4rt
',7093 16 5S007 80 58281 24
SS373 .... 80 5854B 16 58075 24
Sf,7l3 24|587«5..... 24 58867 40
•,S»7« 16I5S9S7 '24 59012 • 16
W054 S0I50130 24 59209 24
10273 40! 592S3 . r . . . 1 « W.362 24
.0413 .... 24'591R5._... 16 59547 16
¦0749 .... 24159803. .... 40 59847 16
'¦P060..... 24IC0100:.... 40 60148 24
'.0258 16| \ |
W341...W. 24|fiO4fiO 16160541..;.. IB
VVJ47 24l«O«OO 16ICO70O.,... 1«
1(1783 lfilBOSV* 24161044 24
ilOtn 1«!61078 4OJH1256 2»
\1320 24I613S5 16161510 40
Ufill 1»5I61«12 10IR1R30 24
H700 24IB1765 16l«t846 24
US7S 24101936 16162070 SO
12098 8O!«211* 8O|«2254 Jfj
«319..... 40162412 16102439 40 '
'.2490..... 16IA2533 1R!«2MB lfi!
!1:698 • 24162706 1BIC2S88. 24 !
«122...V. 401(3133 24t«W150.. ... 24 '
53288 24163293 40[63367 16'
The subscriber having supervised the single '
number Class "K." Honduras National I^ot- I
tery Company, hereby certifies that the above I
are the numbers which were this day drawn
from the 10O.0CO placed in the wneH with the
prizes corresponding: to them. Witness my
hond at Puerto-Cortez. Honduras. C. A this
Saturday. May 14. 1004. -^...xnia
W. S. CACELU Commissioner.
J15.000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF FIRST
CAPITAL PRIZE.
*. , -r.. S ». tate of lndlana - Marlon County.
Morris Wohlfeld. of the City of Indianapol>
Marlon County. Ind.. beln» first duly iworn'
on his oath says that he ia the bona fld»» holder
and owner of one-half ticket :to. 58532, Class
"IV In the Honduras National Lottery Com
pany, which number drew the first capital
prize of thirty thousand (?30.0t>0) dollars at the
drawtng held at Puerto-Cortez. Honduras C
A., on Saturday, April IK. 1904. ' "
(Signed) MORRIS WOHLFI3L.D
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of Anrll. 19O4. *
ISIDORE FEIBLEMAN, Notary Public.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Illinois, County of Cook
Herman E. Horn, of 4S6 Wella street, of the
City of Chicaco. County of Cook and State of i
Illinois, lieirnr duly sworn, doth depose and say '
that he Is the lawful and bena-fide owner and !
holder of one-eighth ticket No. 3S532. in the
Honduras National Lottery Company (the Lou
isiana State Lottery Company), which number
drew the first capital prize of thirty thousand
dollars in the drawing held on the 16th day of
April, A. D. 1904. at Puerto-Cortez, Honduras.
C A., and that he hereby acknowledges the
payment of said Brize in full.
(Signed) HERMAN E. HORN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2Gth
day of Anril, A. D. 1904.
ROBERT H. SMITH, Notary Public.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Suffolk— ss.
One thousand dollars for 23 cents, oni
eighth of second caoital prize. I. A. r! Nor-
Kreen. residing at 110 Wavirly street. Kverett.
Mass.. do on my oath depose and say that t
am the rightful owner and possessor of one
eighth ticket number 26411. class "D," which
drew the second capital prize of $8C00 In the
drawing of the Honduras National Lottery
Company, which was held on Saturday April
16, 1904, at Puerto-Cortez. Honduras. Central
America, and that the amount of said prlze^
$1000 — was paid to me In fu!l without discount
or charge of any nature upon presentation of
th? ticket to the representative of the com
par.y'a: Boston. April 2«. 1904.
AXKL R. NORDOREEN
Personally appeared before ir.» the »hnv.
named. AXEL R. NORDGP.EEN. and WJ»
oath that the above statement by him suh~
scribed Is true.
MORRIS SILVERSTEIN. Notary Public.
State of New York. City ct New York
Four thousand dollars for $1. one-half nt
second capital prize. Charles Koehler belni
duly swoni. deposes and >ays that he' Is tb?
true, rightful and bona tide owner of on- hiif
ticket number 2G4U, class "D." of "the Hon
duras National Lottery Company the drawing
of which was l;eld on Saturday. April l« i^u
at Pucrto-Cortez, Honduras, Central \mcrt a
and said ticket won the second capital* nrirj.^
*S00O. and he received the money in fu 1 Toon
presenting the ticket. upon
CHARLES KOHLER
Sworn to before me thu 25:h day of Vnrll
1904. MAX WUSTEROW, Notary Public.
Woodward street and Metropolitan avenue
State of New York. City or New York *
Three thousand seven hundred and tlft'v" dol
lars for 23 cents, one eighth of first c'aplt- 1
prize. Herman Scheiter. beinj duly sweru
deposes and says that he 13 the true, riKlu-ui
and bena fide owner of one-eighth ticket N'o
58M2. class "D." of the Honduras National
Lottery Company, the drawing of which was
held on Saturday, April 16. 1904 at Puerto-
Cortez. Honduras. Central America, -and said
ticket drew the first capital prize ot $30>(MO,
909 numbers eniMng with 64. beln? th* two
last fl(rures of th* number drawing the second
capital prize of 5S00O. $8.
999 numbers ending with 67. beln* the two
last flsrures of tho number drawing th» caoltal
prize of MO.OOO. ?3. capital
TERMINAL PRIZKS.
1<V) numbers from 9S817 to 9SO17. lr.cluslv*
being: i>0 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital price of J3O.00O. J40.
ion numbers from 60S14 to 0S914. inclusive
beins 50 numbers on each j«Me of the number
drawing the capital prize of ?8000. $24.
100 numbers from 6S4«0 to CS3.SO. inclysft-(».
being: 30 numbers on each side of the- number
drawing the capital prize of $4000 $16.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
No. Prize. I No. Prise. | No. Prize.
C3C07 16jlttg49 *16j63«H SW*»
6T.904 lti.'&SKig 24|&»052 lfi
64131 2i!M!tlS 4O'W3W M
645417 24 {04524 I«,»urc9 1"
I 645SC 24 04779 1H|»;4T»7 l«
164804 l«,tJ4Sl» Hi tiiVJH S*»
64P08 lC.WOrtl lrfj<»121 4l»
65151 2165318...:. •"•401633H *»
60002 it;u^6«.".... 1(5 CVj47 1<">
CCS54 40;fi5986 1«>;65988 w>
66O7& 40J«*'«sS 16,t>»j27(> 24
60230 801<Wk;74 4O,et54S7 W
6ti587 ltt 6W.-J1 24 H6S18 l'J
GI3KSI 16J068S2 10|«738S ll>
i 67 CDS 80,67827 16167873 24
67962 16JC30S7 120JCS130 4t>
| 6S415 4Oi<VS447 l«,«S4t>7 8O
! 68327 4o'iiSS»> 40H0 «h."V71 1>>
6*>63M 24 *»814 lrt.iWST.". 10
(38322 40GW2S 8016305B 40
69304 16 80*12 16169566 1«
«)«51 16 tBMSiJO 24:«0719 1»»
60M19 So liOOlC 24 «n»17 4i>
60991 24)70412 1« 7OS74 W»
70704 16,70040 16]7094."» 45
71103 24i7U14 2-tl711.11 Id
711.-.S 1tt>711S1 4071257 4O
71278 24171447 24 [71472 24
71733 24 717.V* 4<>i71«7S> 1"
72041 24(72083 16 72137 24
721 f8 40172250 1617236] 1 ( >
72S;« 16 7233H 16(72381 *O
72*i25 80i72847 24|72S72 21
72330 16|72OSJ 24173029 1"
73040 24 73OSS 4<Ji73123 1«
73208 1 rt [7X185 1 ?"• '. 73467 •»'¦»
T.^fiS 40j7. o .5»»7 M»j7.T«'>8 ¦*"
7.3759 16 733iS 107.W2 ltt
74M6 40O7401S 40(74106 24
7422f» 1CI74240 1 ti ' 74.".>« 40
743*8 1«-;745O1 16174507 1«
74318 5074575 2l|74»V|rt 40
747<V8 Ifii7473«..... 24]7477<> 1«
74S38 1674922 16;;5rt!5 1C
75127 16T7M78 40 7521 « 1«
7B256 40J75320 16:75P20 SO
75580 l«l73C23 24|75650 40
7W25 I6|7eOBS ]i;'7«105 24
76426 16 7G43U 24I7BWM 24
76740 16 7»W.)7 ht'»:7rt>75 16
76HS0 24,77013 16 77C5B 24
772^9 120177310 lf,!77411 »>
77451 16*77514 8O ; 775."W 16
77556 24 77610 16' 77036 1«
77706 24I77S44 24|T7S68.*.. 4O
77*S3 24J77W.T 4W7S131 1«
78132..... I«,7^:i5 24;783SA 1*
78414 40178446 40'7«HO7 12*>
7*623 1«!TS'"^5 2417367.9 1H '
78717 8078749 2478777 40
7S«O7 40 7SWi 4fV7S'J.-.l SO 1
70041 40 7»r>«C 34 79118 24;
79192 24i791'JS 16:79224 W>
79270 Hv7!M72 40179530 JSO I
79658 24(80231 80 S0237. ... 1« !
S0248 16I802SS lfilSOi^ 40 i
WW7S 24 8C600 16J.S0613 1G ,
$0652 24S0S32 24'S1COO 24 i
S1102 24JS12-10 24181241 1« '
81244 J6812D2 16 81396 40
«14O8 8081472 1631M3 24
S1565 40S17TH 24 81844 2t
81S48 2»'S19I2 16)81973 1«
81877 16'81984 40 8 1997 4O
82125 24S2137 » 24 '821 78 40
82234 24:»C*-:&S 4OS2+4S 24
f2.*.2« lfi(S25.V5 1682S10 24
82MI S0|«2837 16(83071 24
&i>.»74 40is;jl97 16 83202 40
S3204 24183335 401SSC03 24
M63O S0ls::671 16ISte*fl 40
83fiS» SC:S36O9 8OS.-J70B 2*
W972 80183975 40 S4010 16
»»023 36 34OS2 16 ?4114 1«
84140 40 84147 1PI84244 .... 1«
S442S 16 84539 16 84587 18
S1624.. 168*776 16 S4961 16
85010 4085(40 lfi'83122 10
S52S9 40:S532» 40S5396 10
S5456 80:85494 80183933 ' 16
S5971 16:«bl98 24 86231 24
16 8C249 M) S«r>17 lfl
8«R53 24's»ifM3 24!8«MT3 ?\
86911 24:Sf>3.T» S0'87fMD. . .. 40
*>71fi5 4i>;«7560 40 87701 1«
87976 24 879SH 40*87987 °4
W071 24IS.8090 241SS102.!".. 16
8S172 40[RS".19 16 SS428 16
«W?2 IS 8830CI.V.*.-. 4088525..V.I 40
8«5»6 16JM5S5 16VS6M... . 24
SS620 1AIS867S 16188963 "I
80096 16 8914S SO 80139.".'. 40
S94S6 16I83402 2*89632 SO
*%iil 24IS975.J 168985lII;i: 40
££•3 24.:nO145 1000J90151 16
P0244 1600372 24 : 90*49 . ig
°CS"9 l(5'O1167 1U 91179 10
»JL : 24 4091404 16:914.^ 16
S}i" S0;i»l«73 24 91G96 IB
01'"^ 16 JH7O4 S4I91736 10
KK3T 24193714 16;*1720. ! ... 40
S>.".7«<2 16 93023 24193089 16
0»T4 16 94219 40 P4325 400
94381 1694459 24IO4S85 "1
J»4SO4 16:«5O7S 4095110 " "4
"*' :<^ 16195487 1C95.-W '.'.'.'.'. 24
05563 24957OS 24»5717 ifi
85722 249-.781 24I95802::*:: 40
9o«64 16 95.093 16 95981 40
9<;o." k s 4(vm»-.o sr 96130 i«
»e215 24(96232 80 96319 "4
96.'^1 16 90470 8096311""" 16
P«528 16 1)6706 16 96746!;;.'! 16
PJ 7^ 24J9679S 24 96*02 i^
IS::::: wtet:::: lite 10 ?l
97297 40 07375 1C97439 " 4ft
»7540 40:97569 40'97630.";;: 24
S::::; s768S 2 ? 7807 2 <
»«« I2OI08247 40 9S3S3 ]C
I>fc3So 24 9*407 24 9«44f, 4(*\
8^570 4O9«»UO l«:>S7Crt "" ->4
»8790 40I9S8C7 300»X> !)S>.rT " " 7«
9^944 ir.nsnr.!> if. 9^970 i«>,>
9S9M5 1«:9!)112 16 99284* 1«
09323 24 903.-9 16 !W45.<»; l 6
S::::: IT 756 T 785 So i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. MAY 19. 190i.
18
APAHTitrjrT koitst:*-
A— <OIU»JVA APABTMEXTS. r ,,.,^. c ,.
i"-; SCTTEIt ST.. N^. COR. LARM-N S,
tteautttttCy lifeht *r.c ruxmy: WM rooms «s<d
laiii «a!i: aircatuniSKhcci: 5-'. ..O.to 5»'J.
M*k^- ri-.-crva;:i.r.s now.
a.Trv ot ;>ct:cc'.!or. It. modern . !.-ftntl> fur-
r-iMi.d .J-igott apartment*. w:th : -rival c MUU.
?team h^t. electric l!cht.e>v«ur. sas nirges;
*30. KS. f ::. Sio. MS.- $<7 SO.' $S9.' tSX
ST LOUIS. ?57j .Inckscn rt. — Modern 3;4-p
i.-onn: f:;rri. or ur.furn.: ref». Tel. l-.a»t l^au.
aT> V i:i t Y J S KM E X T !¦ . subs-M 'rtions rt_ . < Ived st
i'n'.l branch oaice. cor. I-'uncan & <7h»rfn s»!«.
i-iiit%|> 1«» I.I" •"— Curn. and Vntnri*.
A— lUtCNSUICX fleuae. Its Slxih et.— Ktfanw
Me u> »l per mg.it. »1 2.". to *5 per »e«k and
.ii;^: hnufcekeepir-t rocms; cpen a.l night.
A-r :: . r iir~Alii!onf." 873 Market st (or N». 1
i.-i'-h « » F.ooms. 25.-. M>c. fl. *1 M nigh..
M f,(. tti t'.O r.eek: house j)i>en Jill nlylit.
ASH avc .. "s«. n.-ar City Hall— Sunny front
rooir., »tiso othcrt; gas and bath.
UI'-ilANAN. MT— Front sunny alcove and
kitcbeu: bath a.nd phone; rent reasonable.
F» i>NETiTlV2(T Market (old No. ISM)— Fur-
r:she<5 rooirk, suite, single: also unfurnished.
C! IFrOKI*. 2C4 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
fuirnehed sur.ny rooms; prices reasonable.
QOVGH 211— Three funny corner unfurntshed
r^oms; pas. bath, phone, etc.; adulu.
CKXND Scutliern. 7th end Mission— Rooms -15<>
i,' »l 25 nisht. *1 SO tj>_$6 : reading-r«^om.
HARRISON. 7R4i v . n*ar Fourth — Finely fur-
nifchrd sunny rooms; bath; homelike; *1
»eek up. -¦ •¦''¦-•
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 748 Ellis— ElesanUy fur-
nithed suites and single rooms.
nXSlK. SBX east U. S. Mlat— Furnished
rooms. $5 r>er tr.cnth and ur.
1OST. SS!», near Hyde— Large furnished front
room: bath: pas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POWELL. 2CS— Large furnished room for 1 or j
2 gectletr.en; rent reasonable.
T:oyaL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smokir.g-rocni anJ ladies' par-
lor: rooms oer night, "r.c to $1 50: week. S-
\r> f« : rr.onth. J« to $30: elevator on ground
".oor: rooms with tiot and roUl water: batiks.
iTEVENSON. 707>i. rear Ninth— Nicely fur- !
nithed front room with double bed; SI &0 wk.
TriE ST. KATHKYX. NF. cor. I^eavenworth
erd El'.ls— Pur.nlest rooms in the city; new
hotel; Just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses in every room; also hot and cold
«eter. baths, etr.; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence ; room* from 53 per week up.
TAVLOR, 139 — Nice sunny furnished rooms:
'ree bath and r!"'ne.
TURK. C37— Double parlors. Mngle or en ftrlte; j
newly renovated; light housekeeping if pre- j
ferred. j
EXITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rnoms. S.V to ?1 n:ght. Jl 76 to *6 week; elec-
tric liRhts «no parl. running water in every
room: elevator.read.-rr<im: free bus: baggar?.
VTIKCHKBTER Hotfl. 41 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient asd respectable: 700 rooms:
:Sc to $1 r<" nigl.l; $2 to $S we«k: el-vator:
elec, lig¦^.t^; reading : room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House 2<">2 Sixth ft. — Room* from 15c
"i $1 per nlpht and from COo to S5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call hran< h office, cor. Duncan ft <T?urch sts=.
A BRANCH offlc* of The CaJl for the reception
i. r a'iv. rt:>errn i nts and tiubscrirtior.s lias b^en
"l.T.eci at lOTtS Market st., opposite Flf'.h.
<:rien ur;til 1\ n- m.
RllUHt AM« BOARD.
HOTEL Audubon. lins Hyde St.. corner Call- ,
fornia— ?urry suites: board Al : slimmer rates i
¦i ' j i
ROOMS »M) BOARD AVANTED. j
R<«jMP and board wanted by mother ar.d !
flaueht» % r: ore or two room*. Bex 3438. Call, j
KOJM2S WASTES. i
GENTLEMAN w»nte single sunny room; cen- j
tral location. Hex 3242. Call efflce.
MAN and wife want 2 housekeeping rooms.
t;.u .-5436. Call efflce.
WANTED — A sunny room; state price. Box
!*?:<. CaM of flee.
fBUISCO MACIII\ES AXD SUPPLIES.
YOU MAKE A MISTAKE
If you buy a tewing machine without first
ruair.lnirig the "White," which makes both j
th* lock and chain Etitch; has finest furniture !
end full ball-bearing FUtnd: Is made in both j
rotary and vibrating shuttle styles; runs '
licl-.cst, lasts lonspst and is acknowledged to ,
be the kirjr of a:i Pcwlng Machines. City j
< ffic-es. SWt Post St., 1M1 FUnriore et. and 708
Valencia st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; be**
in <.heaj*-st: Feioni-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes- |
tt.j office. :0^1 Market St.. near Sixth.
KUW HOME— Sec our new triple-feed ma- !
.h:r;e£: slightly used; $10. $15. J20; second- ;
bari'l. J?,. $5. $£; .ill styles; guaranteed. New
H'.me Sewins Machine Co.. 1C51 Market st.
ITORA.CR AJTO n'AREIIOl'SEI. |
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture] !
booaebold goods stored, moved, shipped. 725- ,
"SI Howard et.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1C1. :
A^-CILO£BT & BTOLL Storage Co.; Ftorag",
rs^kitiP. Tiarehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness*: office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
PtERCE-BODOU'H Storage & Moving Co.. of-
ftoe Pott and Powell sts.: tel. Prlv. Ex. B71.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan- !
dike. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDKK Wcat Storaro; advances made. S40
Mi»iicn et.; tel. Howard 941. F. V.'. Zchfuss.
PACIFIC Rtorrre and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2^20 Fillmore Ft.; phone Jackson 2SI. |
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
et.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ™
Ladle*! Chicbester'B English Pennyroyal~Piils
are best: sale, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
*T8mp6 for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
in letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Cbetnical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
MITIBBWC AXD STAW31KRIX;.
VELBOURXE Institute. Van Ness i^IarkeT
promisee cure if in fair health; hours 1 to I.
Boarps roBSAxr.
fcONDS for e*Je — Notice ts hereby given that
italed bid* will be received until 2 o'clock
a% m.. Saturday. May 28. l»04, by the Board
ef Control of the Territory of Arizona, at th*
<.fnc« ol «aid board ln the City of Phoealx,
Arizona, for the aaie of Ten Bonds of th»
• esominatlon of One Thousand Dollars eaeh
b»*rlng date January 1. l»04. due and pay-
able January 1. 1VS4. bearing Interest at the
rate of Sv« per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five yean, issued by the Ter-
r.icry cf Arizona, in accordance w:th the
provtelons of Act No. 73 of the Tw*nty-e*c-
«td Legitlative Assembly of said Territory
and which act has been approved by tb«
Congress of the United States. Interest on
¦aid bonds will be paid terr.l -annually on
tbe first day of January and July of eacA
yjtr. and both principal and interest Dayabl*
*n cold coin of tbe United States at tn« of-
«ce of the Treasurer of said Territory a,
certified check cf a responsible bank for 3
per cent of the amount of the bid. payable
m tbe crder of E. E. Kirkland. Terrltoriit
Treasurer, and a copy of this advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment la full upun allotment and
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of tbe check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
tbe rlcbt to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be realed and addressed to the Board
of Control, Phoenix Arizona, and xaarke4
"Prcpotals for purchase of Insao* Asylum
B">nd» **
I'Ra i'usaijs. '
PROPOSALS for drayage — General Depot of
the Quartermaster's l->epartinent. San Frau-
< isco, Cal.. May 13. 1!K>4— Sealed proposals !
for tbe haullnz of military stores and eup- I
rises in and about the city of San Fran- |
• inco, Ca«.. for the flrcal year commencing
July 1. l'J04. will be received at this otflos
until II o'clock a. m.. on Saturday, the lfrth
«?ny of June. 1904, and then oitened. The
C'«\-ernment reserves the right to reject any
or nil proposals. All neo«t»«ary inrormation
¦ulll be furnished on application to this of-
«<•*-. Envelopes containing proposals should
Ik indorsed "PropoFal* for Drayage," and !
addreKwd to Major C, A. Devol, Depot
Quartermaster.
SAN Frarcitco. Cul., May Ifl. 1904— Sealed
prrpo^alr. in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. Jane :t. 1904. and then
opened f'»r construction of eddltion to wharf
an<1 erection of coal shed thereon- at Pre*-
*iJio ot San Francisco, Cal. Government
teserv** the right to re)<^ct or accept any cr
nil 1 :•> ln whole or in part. Information
furr.Uhed on application to WM. 6. PAT-
T«£V. Assistant Quartermaster General,
Chief Quartermaster.
PP.OPOSAL8 for Laundry Work — Office Gen-
«ral Superintendent. Artny Transport Ser-
vice, tian FrancUco, Cal.. April 21. l!>04.
f »aled proposals In triplicate for Laundry
Work for army transports will be received at
this office until 11 a. m. May 21. 1904. and
then opened. Envelopes should be indorsed,
"Proposal* for I -aundry Work." an«i ad-
dressed G-rtral Euoerintendent Army Trans- I
port Bcrvice.
J MAHRIAUK LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
; yesterday:
! Walter Kratise. 3<\ Osden, Vtah. and Annie
i B. Hanaen. 24. 102:! Mission street.
Herbert I>. Kueker, Spokane. Wash., and
j Daisie G. H'sgins. 2.'t. 633 Taylor ttreet.
) Marion D. Curtis. 21, Eenicla, and Una M.
I Lciivdl. 21, Chko. v ,
I William P. Lynch, 30 1607 Castro street,
I end Grace L. Bedgood. 21. 1C07 Castro street.
William M. Cam'-ron.* 27. Los Angele?. and
j KnthTtne Crarv, 2:;, Honolulu.
Edward RoMse, 1M. TO7 Post street, and Murle
i O'I5rien. 25. S73 Suttrr street.
Edward F. Mullarey -<4, Russ House, and
i Adriatic A. Ried. 22. 7C8A Harrison street.
] Andrew J. Bcaham, S3, Santa Rosa, and
JeFsln L. Graves. 18. Willows.
i Cecil B. Barkhata, 25 Carson .City. Nev.,
! end io*.«>i>hln«« M. L. Seller 22, Boiiie.
; Archie D. Cole. 27. Oakland, ar.d Esther D.
I Eexton. 21. C^rcnado Beach.
I George A. liarjert. 29. 1241 Market street,
anfl Frar.cisca Adam. 21. 33S0 Twenty-second.
David Fllipelli. 24 fi Varcnnes street, and
I Csturina Pratu. 21. '436 Union street.
Morico K. Style?. 2*. city, and Maggie M.
Starker. 26. 312 Union rtreet.
Pacllno Parent!. 20 Isleton. and Angelina
Da f-an Martin*-). IS, Isleton. I
Charles F. Skilly. 21, 1C«2 York street, and
Lorctto M. Lalianey. IS. 2006 Twenty-first tt. |
George H. Schmidt, 2:5. l»10 Filbe.rt street,
and Elizabeth Rehm 20. 62(i Ix>mbard street, i
Charles N. Elllnwcod Jr.. 23. Warnersvllie,
and Elizabeth K. Arnold. 20. Berkeley.
Par.lino I^-mhi. S2, 103 Clark street, and
Pla Benedettl. 26, city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
! Birth, marrlajc* and death notices sent by
mali will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the oubllcation offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published. J
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
cf the event are published once ln this column
free of cliarire.
BORX.
BREIT— In this city. May 14. 1804 to the
wife of Philip Erf It. h daughter.
GIELOW— In this city. May 8, 10»4, to th«
wife of George A. Clclow, a son.
LINUnCKER— In this city, May 16, 1004. to
the wife of Charles Llndecker (nee Mc-
Nulty). a son.
MARRIED. j
GEORGE— MITCHELL— In this city May 9.
1S04. by the Rev. F. A. Keast, Bert James
Georpe of Carson City, Nev., and Leona I
Mitchell of Beckwith. Cal.
GILLETT— MATHENA— In this city. May 14 I
1004. by the Rev. Fred A. Keaet. Dr. Mtlo :
J. Gillett and Stella F. Mathena. both of
Pan Francisco.
VENHUIZEN— KAIBER— In this city May 17,
KK>4. by the Rev. F. A. Keast, Doewe Ven-
huizen and Nettle Bell Kaiser,, both of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Barber. John Mallon Joseph
Bunker, F. H. McDonald. Bridget
Crcnin, Thomas McDonald, Clara
Franke. Paul Miller. Jens Hansen
Grant, Richard O'Connor, Wm H.
Hildebrandt. Edward Reilly. Mary
Hcod. Charles H. Sebelle, Samuel T.
Hume. James B. Sinioiieill. Giovanni
Kp!1v. John P. Silver. Rose
Klinker. Anna M. r.. Stewart. Katherlne
Ludlum Mrs. M. M. Traen, Louis 1
j
BARBER— In this city. May 18. 1904, John, !
l*loved ton of GeorK« and Mary Barber, and '
brother ot George Barber Jr.. a native of
San Francisco. ag«i 10 months and 15 days.
BUNKER— In Alameda. Cal.. May IS, 1904, j
F. 11. Bunker, a native of Nantucket, Mass.. j
aged 6S years and 7 months.
CRONIN— In this city. May 17. 1604, Thomas. !
btloved husband of Harriet Cronln, and
brother of Michael Cronln and Mrs. Bernard
P.urr.s. a native of Ballyard. Clonmult, Mid- ;
dletown. County Cork. Ireland, aged 54 ,
years. '
EZT Friends and acquaintance* are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-.iay I
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors !
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7^Mlsslon street, j
thence to St. John's Church, where a re- \
qulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his eoul. at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRANKE— In this city. May 18. 1904. Paul
Franke, beloved husband of Annie Franke,
and father of Lottie Franke. a native of
Berlin, Germany, aged 43 years. A member
of San Francisco Lodge, Woodmen of the
World.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from tho mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GRANT— In Los Angeles, Cal., May 16, 1904,
Richard A., beloved husband of Sarah E.
Grant, father of Harry Grant, and brother-
in-law of Mrs. James Graham, a native of .
Scotland, tged 34 years 7 months and 10 !
days. |
HILDEBRANDT— In this city. May 18. 1904. '
Edward Hlldebrandt, beloved father of Ed-
ward and William Illldebrandt and Mrs.
Louts Ketch wagen, a native of Germany,
• as<d 02 years b months and 27 day«.
HOOD— ln this city. May IS 1904. Charles
H.. beloved son of Mrs. Emma Hood, and
brother of Frank and Neta Hood, a native
of California, aged 15 years and 0 months.
ir^Fripnds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Krida>). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 94<5 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. :
HUME— In Berkeley. May 18, 1904. James I
i'upyan Hume, beloved husband of Lida M. i
Hume, and father of Samuel J. Hume, a i
native of New York, aged 77 years 3 months j
and *?5 days.
C^TNotice of funeral hereafter. :
KELLy-In this city. May 18, 1904. John P.
Krlly. beloved brother of Dr. Winifred M. !
Byrne, a native of San Francisco, aged 43 .
years. j
CCNotiee of funeral hereafter. i
KLINKER— In Haywardf. Oal.. May 17. 1904. I
Anna M. K. Klinker (nee Hyrup), beloved '
wife of C J. Klinker, mother of Carl Victor, '
Annie Laurie, Thomas Ray and Halver D.
Kilnker. and sifter of Mrs. P. A. Johnson,
Mrc. In»ni'-I P. Munthe, Mr*. H. P. Nielsen.
Mrs. Otto Prahl. and P. and W. O. Hyrup. a
native of London, England, aged 40 years
11 months and tt days. (Fresno, Cal., papers '¦
please cony.)
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors ¦
of H. P. Petersen. 22S McAllister street. In- ,
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. •
Danish Ladies' Society, Thyra No. 2 — Of- ]
flcere and members, you are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late deceased
sister, Mrs. Anna Klinker, to-day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of H. ;
P. Petersen. 228 McAllister etreet. By order
of the President, MRS. M. CARR.
MISS MARIA NIELSEN. Secretary.
LUDLUM— In this city. May 13 1&04, Mrs
Margaret Manorah Ludlum. wife of the late I
Colon»l Thomas B. Ludlum. daughter cf the '
late Judge Georg»; B. Tingley and the late
Nancy Walker Tingley. and dearly beloved
mother of Alice M. Ludlum, beloved sister
cf Mrs. Mary V. T. Lawrence, and beloved
aunt of Constance V. Lawrence. A member !
of the National Society. Daughters of the
American Revolution, and vice president of
Calvary Presbyterian Missionary Society.
C^Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fuily invited to attend tae funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Calvary Pree- |
byterian Church, corner Washington and ¦
Fillmore streets. Interment private. '
MALLON— In this city May IS. 1904, Joseph
Mallon. beloved son of the late Patrick and I
Ellen Mallon. a native -of San Francisco !
aged 34 years. {
McUONALD- In this city. May 16. 1004 i
Bridget McDonald, wife of Michael McDon-
ald, and beloved mother or the. late Charles '
McDonald and Mrs. Genevievc Enright a i
native of County Cavan Ireland. " i
(CTThe funeral will" take place to-day !
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Monahan. O'Hara & Co., 2333-41 Mission •
street, near Nineteenth, thence to SL Peter'a J
Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets. :
where a solemn requiem mass will b« cele-
brated fer the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 0 o'clock. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McDONALD— In Walsonvllle. Cal.. May 16,
iyO*. Clara R.. dearly beloved wife of Dr.
J. T. McDonald of. Honolulu, daughter of ¦
Mrs. C. A. Hutchins. and slater of Clinton
J. and Laura S. Hutchii.s.
MILLER— In this city. May 17. 1904, Jena
IlanM'ti Miller, beloved father of Mrs. L. j
I-orentzcn and Anker Miller, and brother of •
Anker Miller, a native of Denmark, aged I
02 years. A member of Helga No. 3, Danla, i
end Pluto Lodge No. 130. K. of P.. of St. '
HWena. (St. Helena papers please copy.)
E7"Friendt and acquaintances are respect- .
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow'
• Friday) nt 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
If. P. Petcrw;n. 22S McAllister street. Inter- |
incnt Cyprevs Lawn Cemetery, by electric '
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
etrccets.
; O'CONNOR— In this city. May 1«. 1004. Wil-
liam If. O'Connor, a native of Ottawa, Can-
ada, aged 48 years.
REILLT— In this city. May 17. l»04. Mary,
beloved vAt* of the late Michael Reilly. and
mother of Michael T. and Catherine * Reilly,
Mrs. Cosmo de Andrles. Mrs. James Tap- ,
FUNERAL MUSIC VOCAL
Singers supplied for funeral cervices. Either
solo, duet or male quartet furnished . at ihort
notice. Had much experience. Address Di-
rector. D. M. LAWRENCE. 641 Turk street.
Pbone East 1079.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 81.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEIiS, '
S329-S3il Mission rt.. near Nineteenth. i
Baa Francisco.
I plrs and the late John F. and Annie 1 Reilly,
a native of Bandon, County Cork. Ireland,
! agrd CS years.
CiyFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitrd to attend the- funeral to-morrow
<Kriday>. at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
df-npe. No. 10 Vandewatcr street, thence to
St. Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
hish mass will be celebrated for the repose
' t of her Eonl, eorpmcnclner at 0 o'clock. Inter-
'¦ nient Holy Crrps Cemetery.
! EFBELLE— In this city. May 17. 1C04. Sam-
uel T. Sebelle, b»lovcd brother of William
: T. Sebello. a native of Missouri, aged 45
years and 17 days. A member o£ Sacramento
Aerie No. P. P. O. E.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
j fully Invited to attend ihe funeral to-day
I (Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy
street. Sen-ice to be helfl under the auspices
of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F. O. E.
Members are requested to attend. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SILVER— In this city. May IS. 1004. Rose,
beloved dauchtcr of Solomon and the late
Johanna Silver, a native of Berlin, Germany,
aged 22 years.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th* funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 12:^0 o'clock, at the
parlors of N. Gray & Co.. .'153 Sutter street. :
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by
1 :30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
eend streets.
SIMONKLLI— In this city. May 15 1004. Gio-
vanni, father of Carablno and Adolf Slmon-
elli. a native of Italy, aged 68 years.
ICrFrien<is and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), from Valente, Marlnl & Co.'s.
1524 Stockton street, thence to Washington-
square Hall at 1 o'clock, for services under
auspices of Court Ferruccio No. 132.' F. of
A. Interment Italian Cemetery.
STEWART— In this city. May IS. 1004. Kath-
erlne M. Stewart, mother of Mrs. James S.
Conwell and Mrs. Walter S. Hyde, a native
of Philadelphia. Pa., aged f>7 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 61 Noe street. Interment private.
TRAEN— In this city.' May 18. 1C-04, Louis
Traen. beloved husband of Elizabeth Trsen.
a native of Belgium, aged 45 yeeru 10 months
and 15 days.
C^ Frlsnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). May 20. at 0:15 o'clock, from his
Ute residence, 910 Thirty-second avenue
South, betev.een G and II streets South,
thence to All Hallows Church, corner Six-
teenth avenue and N street South where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
poee of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetry.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith deelre to express our heart-
felt thanks to our many kind friends for
their comforting sympathy and beautiful
floral offering*; also the Swedish Singing
Society, who »o kindly participated at the
last ceremony of our loving and devoted wife
and mother.
ALFRED OLSON. Husband.
1NGEB0RG ALTHEA OLSON.
Daughter.NEW TORK. May IS.-^O-ja*: money on call
waa easy at 2 per cent: dosing- bid, 1% per
cent, offered at 2 p»r cer.t. •
Tims loaas were Una. Sixty and ninety cays,
3 pur cent; m* months, 4 per cent.
Frisse mercantile paper. 3=«54i* per cent.
*t*-:!7tfr excharyBre was firm, with aciual btisi
r— tn tomT.kxrf WIls at *4.8690«4.'*«*5 for de
iaa=d and at $4.S505 for «!xty days.
Pcted rate*. *4 W!©4 «». •
CoEEierctal bilia. S4 64%04 S4 T 4-
Bar «llv*r. 55 %c •»
9le:;cas dollars. 4*»ic. ... .
Ecnds — Governas«Ets. st^dy: rax^cais. stead
EoBJis^ — Gcrercmesta, steady; raUoada,
steady. 0
New York Money Market.
California Club. SI C"-«l "52 VJ : CallforaU j
TTli'te Australian. $1 52^01 57Vi: Northern
Club. $1 30ft I ZIM: Northern Eluestejn. SI SO ;
j?l 53 fer cti. / '¦
FITfRES. !
?i»s«ion 9 to 1 1 :'M a. m. '
Op?n. H!»rh. Low. Close.
December ...SI 23»» SI 28% SI 2S SI S3
2 p. m. Session.
May— Si 27.
Decemtwr— *l 2S.
BAP.LEY— There were all sorts of sales at j
alt sorts of prices on 'Change yesterday morn- '
Inf. One hcuae alone reported sales of 7000 or '
*0OG sacks, all the way from SI 07 u down to
Si. Some of the xalo were: 1300 sacks No.
I at Si 06: a car cr bright at $1 C«%; another ;
car at Si C7"-j: aru» ittst at the close two ears ;
of bright colored, but very light weight, were
closed out at $1. There was a continued pr*s- !
sure to *etl owing to ih# Uxuentns up ot coun- 1 :
try holding*, ami considerable stuff in twing
thrown on the market. Futures were easy,
but unchanged.
CASH BARLEY.
F>'d S1#I 6~¥-: Shipping and Brewing.
$1 12'i.gl 13; Chevalier. SI 1*81 20 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 8 to 11:30 a. m.
Op*n. Hlsh. Low. Close.
December ... 93^ SJ3H 83 H 03%
' 2 p. m. Session.
December— 03 Vic.
OATS — There is no further changre to report.
White. SI 4U<??1 47V4: Black. SI =HQ1 27»i:
Red. |1 27Va«l 35; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Previous quotations rule, with the
situation 'as before quouo"-
Western sacked. SI 45C1 471, for Yellow and
White and SI «3 for Mlsed; California large
Yellow. SI 47Vi@l 52%: »maU round do. $1 55i9
1 CO; White $1 4S©1 47% per cti: Egyptian.
SI 40(^1 30 "for waita and SI 27%©1 30 for
RYE— St 3C@1 S2% P«r c«.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©2 p«r ct!.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. S* W9
4 BO, usttal terms: Bakers' Extras, S4 50<S4 sQ:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at S3 S3@4 23
per bbl. '
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 30 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flocr. S3 CO; Rye Meal. S3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn MeaL $3 SO: extra cream da S4 23;
Oat Groati. S4 50; Hominy, ,S4©4 25: Buck.
= wheat Flour S4 5O94 73: Cracked Wheat. $t;
Farina. |4 50; Whole Wheat Flour.. S3 73;
Rolled Oats, bbts, $7 25«« 60; Jn jacks, %9 79Q
- ¦ '-' •¦ r ¦ ¦'¦'¦; -'-'-¦ ! '."¦¦."¦ v'^l . : " '" ; ¦-.'"¦..')•
Future Grain and Provisions.
EASTERN' MARKETS.
I Chicago Board of Trade.
'stock axd bond exchange.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
WEDNESDAY. May lS-^2 n. m.
Bid. Ask.1 Bid. Ask.
4* ar com>..lW^ie7*iU» qr cp new.l32v;t.T3H
4s qr r«...lC«7»107H!3s qr t-oup. ..1&3\H>1H
BCCOJ3.
Ala A W 5«.1O1 — !O T Co
Bay CPC Ss.101 102 I Do 5s 110T41UH
Cal C G 5a. — 1CS Do can Ss.lOlH —
Cal G A E s Oceanic S 3*. «5 75
m A ct 5» . — S2 Oa Cable 6a.l2H5 —
Cai-st C S«.116%117<4 Pae C IsiU - «J
C C Wat 3». — 101 P E Ry 5a.t<H*tlO6H
Ed L * P 6s — 13» P*CH 6».1O4^ —
P A C H'fc. U4*» — P * O R Sa.tia _
Geary-«t 5av. — 32 Powe!l-st «a. — m
H CAS SHs.lCO — Sac EG£R3a. 99 3TH
Do 3d 97t£ — SF * 8JVB«.Uo 117
Hen R T «*.104*i — Sierra R *•. — m
L A Elec 5a. — 105 S P of A 6b
L A Ry 3*. 111*3112 n!M9> 1M 109
LA. I. GoCs.— » — - (M1O 1O» —
Dii stJ Cs. — — 13 P OX C la'
VEW TORK. Slay 1? — Tin was consider
ably firrr.ir in Ixmdon.- wtth *pot closing £1
2s &1 h!gli*r at £12<*. an«l future* at an ad
vance of Ijs tt> £J23 2s Cd. Localij- tin
re*p»-.r:'Jed to the foreign gain* by an advance
to S2Ski2S 12Vj for spot.
Copper also was h!jhi»r in London, gaining
'2s 6d with ipci and futnres bcth cioutng at
£57 2"» 6J. Locally, howtver. copper remain*
I quiet and price? »how a declining tendency In
I th« absence of important demand. Lake is
| quoted at $1.1 I24@l» 23: electrolytic. « 13©
13 12".; casting. J12 73^12 $3.
L»O'i vra» unchanged at New Tork. closing
i at 4.r:094.eoc. In London it declined Is 3d to
I EDetXer was unchanged at £22 3s 2d In Lon
! den The local market ruled a little easier.
j clrslngat 5.tC.'83.20c.
Iron closed at Ma in Glasgow and 4.s In
MiiMlesho'-o.
LoraJly pig Iron warrants were easier. No.
1 foundry Northern Is quoted at SIZ-trlS 50; No.
2 foundry Northern. $14 5O@15; No. 1 foundry
•southern and No. 1 foundry southern soft,
|13 5O5U.
Ncrc York Metal Market.
Tbe New Tork and Honduras Rosarla Uining
Company has declared a dividend of 1 p«r cent
on its capital stock, payable Say SI.
- An assessment ¦ of *1" 1 per s.-.i.™ was deltn
qaent yejt«riay on the capital stock of toe
Lerreore Canal and trries-ttnsr Company.
Th<* annial rprcrt of Pr*s!dent Hnilaiui of
the L'nlted Railroaifi of ?on Francijco shows
that the total gros* earnings for 1903 w^re
$H._"W!.Ct* VI. The total expanses for operatkm.
reaswals. depreciation and taxe». were $3.f>l«\-
WS €0. The Income «ft#r det!ucti»>r» was
S2..157.1.T7 91. The surplus fur ti*e year alter
payinir dxed charges and two dividend* was
|21«.7'JO Ci The balance carried to surplus tf
count was $59,200 a. TN" gr«a earning'* w*r<»
in excess of those of the y»ar piwi-.u*. The
r^y>rt states that the Put:*r and Pol* «r»*t
cable lines are lpad«iuat» to n>**t the pre**fat
requirements of the travellns pibllc and that
provision must b« ma4« for tft'lr i»c«3««ruc
tion within the not dUtant future. The direct
ors consider It advisabie to make proviswn
for these and other betterments aa rarl'lly a»
posslW» and thereby establish ta* p«rtnaB«3<y
of the company's dividends.
The -San* Jose and Los Gates Intcmrbaa
Railroad Ltts levied aa assessment of Si. d«
ltn<ruent July I. . .
Ther* was hardly anythins doing on the
morning session of the Stock anil Pond Ex
ch.inge. but the afternoon trading was rather
mere active. All securities n?malntHl about
aa bsfore quoted. Tbe oil and mir.lnj stocks
were fea'ur»Ie?».
Nothing New oil Any of the Local
Excfuinges.
P.eceipts of Strawtwrrtea were 1279 che*ti
bfsi.jij.-t two car loads and several odd lots
of crated stock frcm Florin. I*ricea were
barely steady and the top quotations were
extreme and obtained only for b*#t quality
Of favored brand*. The cannera were *ttll In.
the market for the Mallnda variety an<i se
cured most of the snrplu* at the minimum
rate. The two car loads of Florta berrl**
were being offemi to Jabbers at Zi>c per crate,
but no sales were reported and the stock had
not been hauled, to the stores up to a late
hour. The few odd lots that cam* In by ex
press were sold at 53#40c per crate. Rasp
berries from the *oisth sold at 15c. and D«w
fcerries from the sama section brought 10c p*r
basket A drawer of Raspberries from across
the bay sold for $2. and a 10- Ib drawer of
red Currants from San Lorenzo brought $1 23.
Receipts of Cherries were a trifle less than
110O boxes and prices were eaaier. very f«w
sale 3 being reported over »t per dmwer. Apri
cot* were off erinj from PortervUln andx met
with prompt sale.
Trade In the Orange maritet wan less ac
tive, but as suppHe» trere nose too n-:avy
prices were well maintained, particularly fcr
the small sties of Xavels. The auction saU
attracted a large attendance of Jobbers and the
bidding wa« brisk throughout, particularly for
small sized fruit. Six cars ef Navrf* and one
car of late Valenclas were sold, fancy Nav«U
sellinf: at *l -3<g2 23. choice at $1«2 and
standard at 90c<6Jl S3. Fancy Valenclas
brought $2 CC©2 65 and chotca II 4&tK 2t>. The
keen competition for small sizes accounts for
the wide difference In prices.
STRAWBERRIK3— f*P3 per chest for Long
worrtss and J2U3 30 for the larger rartstles.
GOOSEBERRIES — 3&@S0c per drawer and
4$5c per tb In bulk.
CHERRIES — 73c^Jl 23 per drawer for
choice red and 20@62c for white; la bulk.
54$Sc per Ib.
APRICOTS— $1 50€l 75 per crate.
APPLES— $162 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 73©
2 5O for fancy. *1 30©l 75 for chctce and S\9
1 SO for standard; Seedlings. SI 104J1 25; Tan
gerines. $1 25; Lemons. $2 50^2 73 for
SI 3C@1 73 for choice and $191 23 for stand
ard; Grape Fruit. $1 25>&2; Mexican Ume«. *3
(g« per case: Bananas. $2#3 per bunch for
Central American and $1#2 for Hawaiian;
Pta-apples. $2g3 per doaen.
Deciduous and Citrus Frttits
STOCK MARKET.
Cash wheat.
WHEAT — Thfiv was no chanj-* of any enn
*P'U'i:(B nther here or el»f--arb«»ri", all markets
boinjj mfrp or l»«s qci?t. Argentine) shipm»nt3
will rease in August.. Minn<>npoll» wired that
tiiey art? not harvesting a good crop in Texas —
only about Cu fv crr.t. Kansas Ctty reports
about half the ia!ll» ih^r* clostni down.
In thts martst futures were weak and th"
ce.«fi grain «-a* quirt ami 'eaturelcss.
Wheat and Other Grains.
-CONDITION OF TRADE, j
Banker's Viczv of the Current Re
cession.
Hecry Oew* fays tn &:» tateet circular:
•Large and centteoeJ ;»=»nis Bpoa t»e 1
tr.onzy market h»v f J— parr-d a firsur tece va
quarter anJ also rrsatred la a cvrrespcrvl
*; -j* p ««lt;»!s !r, •¦csrttlca.
•Gold ejr»>ort» braka tbe record en »crn» £aj-\
ds* total ehi?p«d tius far th* season cr since
• • •! * beta* ifir $4>:.uy.t»u. The new local
SuOrtar ca?-?al are a; present the c«:y factors
tfaal s«eci UtaJy to arrtst the geU •««¦ » f
ip<^« netSmH h'.g^*r rzcr.ey rates w.a «ccn
tbe fcrelga dram opoa our rold. Toi<
rAt -he new J*p«.»-»* !¦»-".. a ierge aew «•»•-*
rf beni? by New York »>r.tral and several .
,1.^, •- n.vrtart Sctation* were asnouncrS. j
.. 6 nra= a verj' rccs.d^raWy increased te- |
- - • - • pon our supply ct floating capital. It ,
t*«ndte eviiect that thi* raptd pruwth 0! ne» j
cb!iga:iots c*naoi go ca ladei.-.itsly without •
I'li.mint the wuuittf market*.
¦VatoM en the Stock Exchange receded dar
*S l*e we*)t, r«"!y bec*cse <rf r»no« Jnat |
rwcpd ar.d parti v fvtisi*' of unfavorable report*
- r-.-«— :V.g t • crop* and tbe fron and steel
"tyTjUT Wbi> a t-onaid'rable loea of the
: - »hcat area «*sii Inevitable, it is »t:ll
nacll too »ar:y to fcrra ar.y iita cf thi crop
j—t^ara Tb« Cbaacca for a Feed harvest art
itjn as nun:ercus as UHM tcr a poor harvest.
acj *• «¦ rtt th:» ia ..r.ly one cf the BCO*
Se^SS^ wY;? i
,w% ou--n^' :,r be -vrt-seen. Wall street •« 1
rrcbablv Dot ** able to max« SO n« ""™ 1
•Jw t 'h*-e problesBJ ur-til August r.ext. cr .
"^V iS. -,r t A. -r the lrcn tt^J.
- • -. ; - - i-.-y -ansatis'actarT. Pw; j
'• rtioB <-; pis It a ta now iiumtnc ah«j»"1 « j
Bvamptlao aafl a partial shut-down wttl be .
i-\*rz.v\e ialeaa tbe «i«cand improve*. The
V.-liT-^ price* macft above buyers £*8tte*k
--A a =*rt"d C duUnese seems Inevitable. Tr^
r <to* "*^try Ts also P««t»F «eprea*ed. nc<
•»!¦» i-atilltv of -aruracturem to get prices
'Cwt»na*eat has been exteastve-y
• rd will T.bar!v extend «nle« censurners j
tea ¦eeepC ctmc^e'.cca wtJch they are WUMJ
Pe^S S gereral situation-financial; .'-^f tr l^
vyiw back for irore aettied ccndtticR« J-*j
1 as ss jg. s^
-cu^rr la acttOM down ffrcdually U more j
,-" -an of l*>2- There is M «a« ?^r
--ce-c-t tut a rising stock market is
" V t* t* «x*~*«S ta the faxe ot «iiTir«r
! ,T.'t ' tr* oemWu « «>« CW *«<1 the
. k Tien*."*
Weather Report.
ftrxh Meriifaa— Pacific RaneJ
• * SAN rr.VN'CISCO. Mit IS— 5 p. is.
-j.. 'c^iswing are the ae*«cnal rair.fal'.s ta
• t'-. as'rnmparrd with thce* of saxr.e date la?t
MU *:.« ralr^aU in last tmrnaXT-taBX hours:
Last Tfcis Last
EUMloaa 24 bonra. •eawn. aeaaoo.
-.* ..; 0.3O C3-73 ».TI
• f ¦/.' »jT 0.04 31.16 2U.15
-tj 0.C0 16.60 16. «
S:g &5 J|
iS :::::::: S:S «:i5 55
••j.» BBOasftaC maaltiHtm and minimum tctsv
'<>erararca are reported frca Cistern cities;
, ria*a for rT^cedleg day:
bc«toa r.*-3:; "Kansas City 5S-4S
PfclU^elphJ* 7<>-5«; Jackaorvt:!* BC-C8
(- r.rtEcati 8*-4* 'Washington . ..TO-i.*
Kot Tor« <g-&4 y e w Orleans 7»-^,2
•STATIONS % \\\\ il |" |
e £ • 3
, ',.ker 3>.9« 4S «4 NE Cleudr -5«J
»-st.n S9.20 W 46 N Ooudy Tr.
Earvla 3U.24 *4 48 N Clrar .SO
F-.»nfl 2a. 90 72 54. N"W Clear .00
l " K F-r-Mott.20.Qa 54 50 NW Oear .CO
•FltCStaS ...2»i2 74 4« SW Oear .W
BouStUo 29. n4 Ci 56 W Pt.Cldy.CO
!-<iepend»oc« 2D.«4 72 •» W Clear .00
r^i Atge>«..23.78 CS M £W C.ear .00
.*!• Tamalpmls.30.03 W. Zi XV Oear .«>
K«Rk Head... 30. 2S 5« 4S NW Cloudy .«M
|-| IW u -| 23 SO US C4 SW Pt.Cldy .«O
" . Bl P.eye«.'..29.»e i3 47 NW Oear .<»
! ¦•-rtiaad ...... 2« M "« - V1CV Cloudy .12
'«/< Duff 23.1*4 74 S2 NW Oar .<M
f-Mthar* SO. 20 M 4< NW Cloudy .CS
. acrarrVnto ..2D .« W B Clear .00
• - .Laka 23.42 7s fS NTS' Cloody -CO
"-ar pvsic!*«>.*0.0« W> W Oar .««
. B«^ L.Ob-SDO.25* »4 C» *T. W Ct*«r -^
taeOi^ro ....».« «? ss w Pt .cjdy .co
• •"»' ** :r > 4G g Cloudy .0*5
-"Xare » ;> 4 fW CO ? Cloody .Cl
Ws%£z5S *%? S^y 5
• a =»'•= 3 4« N-W Oo«dy .CO
' JSJ '.". . . ...!s».s4 as c; w pt.ir^y .^o
. VTF-jiTirETR CONDITION* AVD C1ENBRAL
POKECAST.
" The" cr-sssre ha» riswn rapidly oT-er the
rvfihern haif of the Pacific Coast. A depres-
H^B at *orr.» depth overlie* the vt^ltry o, the
i>f(«4a ext»s<Jir.2 northward to Wycrninj.
. s^fwe^ are re^ed in Wwhlngtoa. Ore
- gon and ta the Sierras.
Th* fallowing h!«h win-!, are reported: E»J
*-ka » miles, ncrth: North Head -fi. "•rtb
•* mi; n-jrwfraucca. 40. nenhwert: Pcratello 2t.
«-rt Independence W. northwest: Mount
-/rsalpals «T w«it; Poin» Reyes «0. corth
••w«?v S«O>««t FaralKM 42, northwest; San
.*S£SP STTii- Fraacisco for dUrt,
- b^^^^^a^?r^ 87 da^«c.pt
• shower, tn tfce Sierra.; bn»k north »^ :
Socthera Califorcla— C.oudy Thursday; brisk
~Ne^£-CWy. -anner Tht^rseay: po«ltly
¦bowers: W*H northwest winds. wi—.--.
Pas Fr*a?l«e<» «^4 Ttcislty— Fair Tburwlay.
fcnik w«*ter|y rE tH^rict rorecaster.
F"!our. <jr »ks .. sVH3tHid>sl No 604 j
Wheat ctls 1.314'CommeaI. Ei»t- ;
Barley" ctU 9.VW- em ctls T.POO I
B*ana " s!i3 212iPeTt». No I.fes |
Potato** *k* .. 5.7 17. Leather, roll* .. l(H •
Onions, sk* ... 2.C04iLime. bb!a 4«2 1
Bran. Kks 323' Paper, reams .. 91 •
MirtdUng*. sks.. 340 i Win*, gals 70.350 1
Hay tons 52f. Tallow. ctt» ... 464 j
Wool bales ... 7471
OREGON.
Potatoes sks .. 734i
FOR WEDNESDAT. HAT 13.
Receipts of Produce.
Exchange and Bullion.
Exchange was unchang'd. ?llvw ad
vanct-fi %c.
St»rlins Exchanc<». sixty days.. — $4 S3 14
Stirling Exchange, slsht — 4 S7«^
Sterling Exehanic<\ cables — 4 SS^»
New Tork Exchang*. aijrht — 05
N*«v York Exrbange. ti'lesrraphic — 07t»
Silver, per ounce — 03%k
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 iff —
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHEESE^ — SffS'ic for good to choice new
and «S07c for lower grades; Young Americas,
SQtfKc; Eastern. 12\ 3 *jlic; Western, lltil-r
P<r Ib. •
EQGS — Ranch. 1S@19c for fair to choice:
store, 16$1S<:; J^astern. nominal.
For several days the receipts of Butter hav«
averaged over 10U) cas«3 per 'iay. and this
ft> <•(! has of course produced an easier tone to
the market. There la no actual decline, but
in view of the heavy supplies dealers are dis
posed to make concessions to work c.t stocks
:mi close buyers can get all the nn« creiiaery
ih-y want at ISc. As for Cheese, it is simply
ileiucnllz«d. and the lower prices do not se*ia
to Improve the demand any.
Eggs are weak at the Jecllne noted yester
day, with receipts liberal and stcoks lar^?.
i>ealer5 are complaining of the marked dull
ness of trade.
R-ceiptj were .SS.4W lbs Eutter, 15J2 eases
E«i and 25.SCO lbs Cheese.
BLTTTER-rCreamery at first hands. IS-SlSt-ic
for extras and 17g;74c for Hrsts; dairy. l"9
17Vic; store Butter 13tfl4c; cold storage, nom,-
Inal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SEATTLE. May I?.— Oearinss. $655,017:
balances $141. 4C2.
TACOMA. May IS.— Clearings. $i%<),ie2; oal
ancea, $20.C"5.
Pi3P.TLA.VD May IS'. — CTearinjs. $520,002;
balances. S47.737.
SPOKANE. May IS. — Clearings. S4I4JDU9;
balances, I7S.944.
Northern Business.
NEW YORK. May IS.— FLOCR— Receipts I
«*'«> barrels: exports. 15.CC0. Steady, with a
fair inquiry.
WHEAT — R«c€!pts. Zu&i. Si>ot. firm: No. 2
p?-!. comiaaf elevator: N->. 2 red. nominal, t. ¦
o b-. afloat: Ni. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 C2^i. I
f. o. b.. afloat: No. 1 bard Manitoba, nominal.
f. 0. b.. afr^at. Options opened steady anj :
after a short reaction under weak Dudapent
-.»¦-•-•- and prcrnlae* of better w-ather. turii3<i ]
strons on tfc* bullish cash quotation and firm- !
n«?s in corn and clo*«i i,c to net high»r.
Slay. Me: July. Ol^jc; September, SS^c; De
cember. ?3\c.
HOPS— Pteady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 Invoice.
7c- mild, quirt: Ccrdcva. IC£l3c.
The market for Coffee future eBBMd «*ady,
n«t ur.chaar^d to to points loxer. Salts. 03.0CO
ba^s including May. 5.7t^g5.75c: Jaly. 3.U0c:
Sertember. «t.20c: October. 6.25<-: November.
4JCc- De-'ember C.4<X3\S.*Zc: March. «. Tflrf*
6.75c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm: fair reflnln*. H^c: cen
trifugal. 96 test. 3%tl molasses rJgar. »tte:
reflne-i, firn;.
DP.IED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market re
mains quiet, with demand rather limited.
SopeUn are not rre^*ed for sale, however, and
hc.l-W* pho* confidence. Common are qootcfl
at 43.-> I *c: prim*. SSS-^ic: choice. UHtSCVjC.
and faaey at ICTVlto
PRUNE? — Continue quiet but steady, with
price* racging frem 3 to 5\c. acccrnlnr to
grade. Apricots are unchanged. Choice are
quoted at i)\i*tl''c: extra choice. loivgii^c.
ami fancy at" llS*13c
PEACHEP — Are- In fair demacd. particularly
the lower prad?*. ar.d prices rule fpn»n»l!y
firm. Choice. 7U4t7V»c: <xtra chcice. 7%3>c
and fancy at »%tfl0c.
Nczo York Gram and Produce.
NEW TORK. May IS-^Tne cotton market
closed st-"a^y. with Ju!» around 13.31c.
New York Cotton Market.
Do ftd 3a. — 1« I tlSOmar A.I01\ -
LAP 1cm 3s.lCt> — I 'V^iSiSr B ]«S — .
D« lcro 3a.lM»i — I •W^> —JJ.71 U3
MV* MtT5a-1014 — f 3PO 1 « »«.ll» —
NRR of C«3-H*»4 — > Do S *2? P *",^"^ 1 ' J *
r» &. ....lumiT |spbr *»-HiN ~
N P C R 8s. - 10*4 S V ""it,*' 1 **^ ~
N C Ry »e.ie» — ! Do 4* Jtra. MJ4 —
xcpcji WSIC24:. po **••££• ™\z;
N S R R 5*. — 074 ?tkn GAEfis. — W
O G LAH 3«.tff7 — ICG4BH- W3
0 W gtil 5*. — — >-
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.— 4* j Port Costa-- — — .
llarfa Co... — «24'S V Was Co. SS 3S -,
GAS ANT> E1>ECTIUC.
Mutual ELK U Istkn O A E. - JJ
Pac L Co. . . 8« l 4 — i V G A E Ca. — »
rNSTTRASCE.
Flr-m's Fnd.3i» 34O I
BASK STOCK3.
Am K« Bk-.12S - |L f^Jte 4-T-I5 lw -
Eati ci Cai:4ZSH«<> a ' V W ~
Cal"ai> Dr. — 14T4 3 F Sav.sal. — —
First Nation! — — 1 t
SAVINGS BANKS. - '
G>r S * L.2270 S3S0 !3ar * L So. -- tOJ>
Hum S * L. — — \S*e Sav B*. — 43«>
Mutual Sav.l"O — • ICr.'ca T Co. — —
S F SaT CC25 — I
STREET RAILROADS. '
California .. — 2O fPresldto »4 «
O«*ry — «0 I
POWDSK.
Giant O. 614 Vlgorlt 4t » +1
SCOAR.
Haaa P Co. — 40c > KlUue* 3 C- . t 4
Hawaiian C. 49% 31 (MakaweU C. 20*» — r
Honokaa S C 12 — fOrwssea 3 C. — W-*
H^tch 3 P C »^ 9%,P»auh*u 3 C. Vl\ Ik
JII3CE1XANEOU3.
Alaska P A-IOS*;139 .Oceanic 3 Co. — *-%
Cal F C A- — 10O%: Pac Am Jl. J —
Cal Win* A- »l»4 — >Pac C Borx.155 — _,
31 V* MtTm-lOO — f
Mcmlsg Session.
Beard —
50 Calif jrnia Wine Assoctatica. .. 81 8A #
50 Hawaiian Cotnl t Sugar- *9 *t-t
25 Paaahaa S P Co 13 «Z-»
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Giant Powder Con V. — >
lt> Mutual Electric LJght .13'"*
10O Pacttc Coast Bcrax 1ST CO
1<5 Paaahaa 5 PCo.. li
*»0 <» F Gas & E^trtc 61 Crt
3 Spring VaUey Wat«r Co. cash . . SS «>
S2 0CQ Oakland Gas. Ugat A. B«»t 39-JOJ «J>
$16 €C<> Pacific Electric Ry 3 per cent. .1<A OO
5 Alaska Packers' AssccJatloo..-13 T3
Unlisted Securities.
3IISCELLASEOU3 BONDS.
Bid Ask.! B;-i Ask.
Bar CPC •i'— 101 IS P C R 4*. — ICO
! BL Wat ta.113 — iS P Co 443-10O4 —
1 Cai XW 5«.. — 112*4' Sua Tel «a..il3 —
It C Wat Ss.lOO — ! Do 5» — 105
R'.s I Wi*5s — 1074?ST:ttr-st R3a.lOS 113
i SP Drdk 5a. — 1U4 VR of 3F 4». T*», —
I SP A NP 3s. — 111^».
MISCELLANEOUS STOCK3.
t \la 3 Co... 244 27 1 -j!Mat N*t Co. — ¦•
! Cal ''ot Mils SI — I Nev Nat F.k- — 2C*J
! Cal G*ECor. 4S 0A jN 3 R R Co. 9*i —
I C Jock-sy CI.13O !-*> iN Cal P Co, 11 ll»i
Cal Powder. 12O ISO :r«k Bk SaT.112*S —
I Cal ?hlp Co. 21 27 !Oa*L T Con.. » —
I Cal T I * T.113 1~» ilOOP Hall A • —
Cen BS OaSt — C3 :Orjheura Co. 13 l« r i
' Chutci Co .. — 7\Pac Caa Co..I3D —
City & C B* — 112 (Pae S Te!..— 1C2
I Cyp L Imp.. «^ — !P«raf Pajnt.. 'W —
' East Dynm.. 9\ — > S F Drydoca <V> —
1 DpntPwd nti — 90 S5F&SJ Coal. 23 -tSl
I Do com ..33 5O 15 J Wat C«k — 1C«
1TN BJc O»i.l2<> — ISO A MTrM.I2S —
Fischer Thtr 4Oe — |Swia»-A B»..I13
! Fmch-A Rk.lCS — 'TrueJs Eject. 124 12'»
Ca* Con A.. — 22 !rR XaC pf3 « —
Horn P Co. — 14 ! Do cesj ...» —
I Loni SF Ck — CO I
ilsraiag Sesaicn.
: Street —
I StiXOCO UniteU R R of S F 4 per cent.. 7T> ni>
! California Stack aizCOU Exchange
! Oil SroC.cs— WA A * k !L**
A«wociat»d Treat C*»rtiflcat«.«. t9
iAxtcr ¦„• *>
. Cariboo ? - 3 • • - •
! Chicago Crude ¦- ** »
1 Clarrmont **' — •
JFo.Tr <• -Vji j
iH^d::::::.::::"":::::^^ »3?
Home I -* •'ii.
' Iri!ep»n«I*nc« ~> -"
j Jinctlon -••- ** '
i Mont* " Criito * JJ./ "** '.
j Ocrtdental of W Va 1<> .-¦
i Oil Cry Petroleum -*- -^»
t Peeri*«« l * S? '
|R^O*Jc * ¦»
: «5#nator JJj
, Sovprr'sm " **
i Superior »• i«SXi
I T>frty-thn?e - ••-- ' -» ¦
Tolta* » -ii
! T»*n:T--£ght ¦- • •*
j Wabaab JJ --»•?•*.
Associateri Bnnds 73 ,.**\m
Miscel!an*ous— , —
I Chutes Company •-•--• ••-• " J *£*
Cjz-*** T^wtt Imp Co • *» tM
: Fl-«eh»r*>» Theater *•» •»••
! Northern Cal Power 11 30 ...» "
SALES.
Morsinc Sesajoa.
Boanl —
30 Ree-I Crue> t ."<»
13 Oartbea .., *. -3
25 Twenty-efsht OH X 5»j
I 55O CUrwmont r J*
j SCO Otl City Petroleum '»
\ J5.CW Associated b ©> .......«•••..».. 2» v
I 1 4CO Monte Crtato • *
?trset—
730 Clareraont *>
130 Cypres* Uwn « «S
Mining Stocks.
SXS FRANCI3CO 3TOCK EXCIWSCE.
FcHowing wet» the »al«» on the Sasi Fraa-
Ctsco Stock and Exchange Boanl yesterday :
Morsto* Sewsicn.
6C0 DeTcScr ».... SOI 500 Sex EeTefcer •• W
20O Caledonia — . «3 : 1P»> Sierra Ner . . 4S
CO Con C A Ta.t «KS{ 2tt> SUrer Hill .. 55
*1O Mexican I T3{ 300 Vision Can .. ««
X0O Ophlr 3 23J 2**» Tellow Jacket. 23
Aftcntocn Session.
ICO Belcher Sli SO Mexican I ~9
ICO C*ledo*U ... O.; 10O Opotr 3 5S*i
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHAXCE.
Fcltowtnc were Use sales) on the PacUta
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mom is < Session.
20O JUKie* Ml SW> Crown Pirfnt.. SO
1 TOO Betcher 301 10O Gould * Cur. SI
SCO BnllUm ...... €01 100 Potost ....... 17
SCO Caledonia, ... «! •» Slerrm K*r .. 4J
SCO Cbollar IS'. 4CO Union Cos .. 4~
Continued on Page Eighteen.
A third car of Western Poultry, consisting
almost entirely of Hena, was on saie and
cUaned up w<li. the ruling pric* fi^r the best
•tv.-i.-Ji bei^s S7 50 per duxen. Heceir>t» of do
mestic stock were 43 cuo;>s and Included a
great many Hen«. which were easier owing
to the abundance o£ Ws-stem, but prices wen;
no lower. All other descriptions of domestic
stock stood a& previously quoted.
POULTRY — Live Turkey*. 143ijl5c p«r Ib:
Geese, per pair. *l ZQtil 75; Gosling*. »;:
1 60. Ducks, it C('Z«". oO per dczea for ol-i and
$5 Jct&o for J3un«; Hens. i^tZ tor large and
JS^.I CO :cr small; younj iiixisters, »7 ZOtij
h 50; old Roosters. ${ 5o^5; Fry*". *3-f<> SO:
Broilers, ¦*¦; J'..; i Z0 for large and $'Z Sni.l fcr
small; Pigeons. $1 K-gl 50 per dozen for old
and $1 Ci r{ 1 To for Squabs.
GAME — Nominal.
Poultry and Game.
TACOMA. May IS.— Wheat unchanged, blue
stoflo H4c, club 64c.
Silled^ — British bark Lucipara for Belllng
ham; British barlt Hugomont for Queenstown
for orders. She carries 140.0">O bush»U of
wheat.
PORTLAND. Hay 17 —WHEAT —
Walla 72c Biuestona SOc. Valley SOc.
WASHINGTON.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
LONDON. May tS. — Tbe wool auction Miles
were rontlaivii to-day. The o?Terins» num
bered SfiC<) bales. The demand was good. «?sp*
cially for greasy halfbreda and fine lambs.
Cressbr?d» wa* In eager request, an.l ail were
ioTU Scoureda sold freely to the continent.
London -Wool Sales.
ST. LOUTS. May IS. — WOOL — Steady. Me
di-im grades <orr.bing and clothing. 17g2lc:
liijlit Hne. l4S17c; heavy fine. 12&14c: tub-
5/. Louis Wool Market.
BAGS — Graift Bags 5*4e spot and 5»ie Jose, j
July; San Quentln. $3 40; Wool Bags. 3C€35c; j
Fleece Twine. 7©s*.
COKL — Welilaifton. ** ft- ton; New WeN |
lin*-on. IS: Seattle. 56 30: Bryant. 1*50; B«?a- ]
ver HI'.U $^: Stanford. t~: Roaiya. J7; Coos '
Bay $5 50 Greta, t": Wailsenri. $1: Richmond :
17 50- Cumberland. ?13 ic buli and *14 23 In !
sacks'; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh. Lcxj,
$11 50- Cann»l. ** CO rer tan: Coke. $11 50^13
per ton la bulk and $13 In sadu: Rocky Moon
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2CCO ib* and $12 SO
p»r Ion* ton according; to brand.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OIL ia bulX
14c; Peart Oil in cases 2»4c; Astral. 2»4c;
Star. 2t>fcc: Extra Star. 24Hc: Elatae. 2«4c:
Eocene. 234c; Deodortie«l S-ore Gasoline, ta
butic 16c; In casri 224c: Benxlne. in bark,
l^c: in cases. 13 ! »c: S6-d«gree Gaaotlae, in
bulk. 25c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTrNE— Sic per gallon la cases aad
73c is drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7*4®
~\c v-t Ib; Wilte Lead. 7U^7*ic. according
to quantity.
OILS — Quotations are for barreta; for caaes
add oc: Lin.'seed. 40c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Pastor Ot! In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Baters' A A $1 lCffl 12; LucoL 43c far bolted
and 4-ic fcr raw; China Nut. C0<p70c p»r gallon;
Cocoanst Oil In tarrels. 3-Sc for CtTojj and 53o
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. <Sc; r.j.;ural winter Sperm Otl. 63c; rxtr*
b!eacb»d w!nt«?r Wcale Oil. 37?: natural WhaTe
Oil. 52c: extra winter strained Lard OH. 73<;
No. 1 Lar<1 Oil €3c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 72c;
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c: Meht Herring Oil.
42c; dark Herrinr Oil. 40c: 5a! nor. OH. Me;
boiled Fish Oil. 27c; raw Fish Otl. 33c; boiled
; Paint Of I 33c; raw Paint Otl. 31c
i SUGAR — Tfr» Western Sugar Reflnins; Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib. in tro-lb bam:
rube« A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.S5c;
I Powdered. » «Oc: Candy Granulated. 5.*Oc: Dry
j Granulated. ftn». 3.70c: Dry Grannlated. coarw,
5.7Cc: Fruit Granulatfit. 5.70c: R<r^t Granu
lated (ICO-rb ba«:^ f>n!y>. 3.C0c: ConfertiOTU'rs*
A. 570c: Msrnolla A. 3.30c« Extra C. &.2O;::
; Go'.d«n C. 5.10c: "D." 5c: baxrels. 1<V more;
half barrels. 23c mere: bmtrs. 50c more: 50-lb
! bags- 10c more for all kind.*. Tabl*t.»— Half
I barrels 6.20c: boses. 6.43c : H. * K. Cry^tsl
, Dominos !> TCc per Ib. No orders taken fnr
I less than seventy -five barrels or Its wjuivalent.
General Merchandise.
WASHINGTON. May IS— To-day*s state
ment of the Treasury balances in th.» jrener^l
fund. »x-!u«!v» of the $1 .V). r*X>. CK» rul.1 re#«r\«
!a the Division of rte-Iemptlon. shows:
Available cash balance tl~4.iKa.ZT2
Gold 73,«10.5<Sl
Cjj7i m Treasury.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- May. July. Sept.
Opening Nominal. 6 4% 6 jH
Closing Nominal. 6 4-i <S 4?;
PARIS. t
Wheat— Hay. Sept. -Dec.
Op^cir.g 2100 20 40
Closing =1 » *»
Flour— „. „_ ..
Orer.i CS Xi^ n- %
Clewing z, ao -t e«
! Miscellaneous Markets. [
The Potato market was vary much «i*pre**ed.
as recetpu oi new were h;avi<r. t-eing over
000 packages and the market was cunge»t*d
with low-graJ« offerings of oil Oregon Bur
baiks which were hard to move, even at con
cejslon*. 3om» fancy lots of new Potato**
frcm '.h* river sold at a fractional advance
ori>r the tcp quotation, but the general mar
ket was weak and dealer* were sjti 3 ne4 to
clean irp turplu* low to ship^ng brokers at
the minimum rate. New r?d Onicr.a were a
JttUe lower under greatly increase-l rtceipt*.
but the lenxar-d «u steady at tbe rvvtaeq
an abundance of cr.i S «Ilaneou»
v«getai>lei. but trade »ii <air and prio*« of
mo«t kinds w<:< well maintained. TRe_ Citn
n«ra w«re paying +«44--' tor No 2 a=d fc per
pound for No. I Asparagus and were ta*.r--s
surplus lots of chcice Pen at 1= p*r cwup.l
or eaStSc uer sack. rfmaU J«s. ot s.rt.-v*
Beans were receivU from Winters an-J »«»
viHe and sold at the tcp quotation- * UBSS1 "
ruled r.tak at a turt&er 'i^'n* *™
Florida Tgniatoss #otd slowly at $2 .3.tf3 per
of vogetabl-s Included 1420 bo.v^
of Aspara^Js, $06 boxes of Rhcbarb and ir-4
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. $1 35
Cl 5O per cti; Oregon Burtanks. *1 :'ZQl «;o
per cti; River Reds, <K« 10 per cti; scaall
Oregon Burfca.iUs for »eetf. Jl 25-fjl 33 per cti;
new Potato**. mCSttcJW 1 Ib.
ONIONS — Australian lellow. ?3 per cti: new
Red. «'. 25I&1 40 per sack; new Orwn, 23^.&o
Asparagus. 4if8c per Ib:
Rhubarb. SC^tSe for bay and C5^s5c per boa
for San Jo»e; Green Pm. Cjc4t$1; Garden
P»a» »t 25 C*r eackr String IVans. r-t>Tc fvr
ib- Wax Beans. «<9Sc per Ib; Tomatoes. «t 5*>
©I 73 P* r °° x cr crate tot Los Angele* and
SI «Cte" 23 tur Mfxicaa: Sunucer Siuash. i*)q>
7jc c*r Ik«: Cabbajs. *1 50 par cti: CarrotA
SCc per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 5Cc^$l 23
per <lo*t«i; Garlic nominal; E^rg Plar.t. ii)vrjh;
per Ib for Loa Anselee and ZSiiWc fcr Coacbel-
U; Dried Peppers. S#10c for sun-dned
and 124*?13c per Ib for evaporated: Drtrd
Okra. 1U4«13« P«r ' D = Green Peppers. S&lOc
ter Ib for Lcs Ansfcle* and l-'Vs&ioti Uiz Mcai
ean; Marrowfat Ssi'^ash. Jobbirs at 1432c per
pound.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The followir.s quotatlor.a are for good, saaad
Uvestocit. delivered In San Francisco, lets 50
per ctmt for shrinkage for Catt!».
CATTLE — Si»ers 74**^c; Cows and Kell
ers «Vjt»7o: th»n Cows. 4Q3c per Ib.
CALVES — IS44C P*r »» <^ro*s weight).
SHEEP— Wethers S* 4 34c; Ewes. SffS^e
p*t tb "grass weight).
HifBS — 12 5»>S2 73 per head
1IOG5— L«v«. Hog*. U0 to 20O lbs. 3Hc;
aver 2T0 lbs. S^c; soft Hoirs. 4e*h'*.
Sowa. 20 per c*r.t off; Bears, 30 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 p*r c«nt off from ahcre" qtnta
t'ons.
LIVESTOCK MAP.KET
Wholesate --aUs from slaughterer* t» dealer*
are a a follows:
BEFF- «»»07Vic for Steers and Oflfc per
Ib for Cows. „ . j-^,
VKAL— Large. 74fr3c: »fna!!. 8439c per
round
Jti'TTON— Wethers. 7»i8S«: E>r*». «497H«
P*r Ib-.
LAMB— «4§3c per tb.
FORK— Dre55*d Hogs. «4©0c F*r !a.
Alt descriptions continue weak, with arrivals
n excesa of the d«Tnand.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
CHICAGO. May l«.-CATTL.E-R?celpts. .
15GC0: steady to strong; gocd to prhn* steer*.
*5 IOiS-5 CO: pc:r to n-.^ditiin. $+ 20iff5: stoc.ters I
aad feci^;. %3 254?4 50: eom . $1 5<>^4 3.>;
heifers. $" 2JMJ4 5<>: canners. SlSde^ 60: bull*, j
H •_ > 5«4: calves. ?2 25©5 25: Texas fed st<ers, j
J4 "*')^4 CO
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 22.0CO; to-morrow.
S3.CC0; steady to strong; mixed and butcher".
$4 7.X24 P0- good to choice heavy, $4 HO@4 93: ;
rough" heavy. $4 <Wg4 S3; light. $4 65<gi «: ;
bulk of aaUa. 5* 75^4 83.
SHEEP— Receipt*. 13,CO«>: steady to etrong:
good to choice wethers. *5@<5 fJ5; fair to choice
mixed $3 75^ 7o; U'-stern sheep. J4 eo^4 63:
native' Unibs. woc'.ed. $4 50«6 10: Western
lamba cll*r<*'l. $ l "^^ 10 : Western lamba. ¦
wocled. $«1 25^6 85. j
CHICAGO.'
' Livestock Market.
UNITED RAILROADS OS* SAN FBAKCISCO. I
NET." TORK May 13. — No bond transactions I
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COUP ANT.
CoEn-.on, bid 3%. asked 4; preferred, bid j
34 's. asked 3.".
NEW YORK BONDS. j
O.S rei 2s reg..l&45i,L A N unified 4s.lC0ft
t)o coupon l'M^tJtaa eon gold 4«.1W 1
Do 3t rer ....108%; Hex Cent 4s SCH
Do coupon 19SA! Do 1st tao 13=4 1
Do new 4s reg. 1324 '¦ Minn * St L 4s.. 95 '
Do coupon 1324;M K & T 4s 1004 j
Do olC 4s reg.l(W«% Do 2ds 77V4 i
D« eoupon 106*4 !NR of Mex coo 4a 74 t
Ateh gen 4s .....101 i.V Y C gen 3Vis.. 9'>H ,
Do a«ij 4s 91 )N J C gen 5s....l21Vw :
Atiaatlc C L 4s. 33V*' Nor Pac 4s 10*4 !
Bal A Ohio 4a. ..101 i Do 3s 7?% !
Do S4s 93 (Nor & W con 4a. 93*4 *
Central of Ga 5«.10t;4;oSL 4s A partlc 0*4 j
Do 1st lac 70 fPa conv S4s 95 .
Chta A Ohio 44».1O4 I Reading gea 4s... 9***
Cti A Alton "J4s. 7?%ISL & I M con. 5s.ll4
C. 3 & Q new 4a. *t IS L * S F fg 4s. 32
CM & SP gn 4s.l00u'st LouJn STV lits. 9V.
C & MV ccn 7«. 129 t?«?aboard A L 4a. 70
C. P. I & Pac 4s. ra I So Pac 4s 92
Do ecl 5s 79 J8o Railway 5s 115";
CC.C A SL«n 4S.101 !Tex & Pac Ists.. 119}*.
CM Term is 7*4:T. St L & W 4«.. 70
Cons Tobacco '4s. 33 T *!Union Pao 4s 104*1 ;
Colo A So 4s B4WJ Do conr 4s 0« T i j
C F A I con 5s. 70*4' O S Steel 23 Bs.. 72«i :
Pen & Rio G 4s. 0S4'Wabash Ists 1UV, '
Erie prior lien 4s. OV^i' Do dab B 5«V t :
Do gea 4* S5ti:w & L Erie 4s... JOH !
F W A D C lrts.lO«4 ; Wls Cent 4s 90
Hock Val 4 V- s ... 107 V
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adanas Coo SOfLJttte Chief 05J
Alice 30iOntario 3 SO
Breeoe lVOphlr B CO
Hruns Ccn C71 Phoenix CS
Com Tussel 10:Potosl 13
Con Cal A Va.. 1 53' Savage 30
Horn Silver 1 30' Sierra Nev 44
Iron Silver 1 S01 Small Hopes .... 1."
L*alvtl!e Con ... C2;standard 5 CO
Boston Stocks and Bonds. j
Money— [0 S Stee! S'i
raU loans 2t?34! Do pfd 52H
Time loane S#4 4. Westing Common- 78
Beads— . I Mining—
Atchison 4s 100 (Adventure l\
Do adj 4s 90 lAllouez 4
Mex Cent 4s 65 lAmal Copper **
Railroads — jAmer Zino 3 4 ,
AtcWson 6*H : Atlantic 74
Do pfd 91\|Bir.ghan 204 -
Boston & Albany. 2W tCiIumet A Hecla.4'50"
Boston * Mil ne. I M 4 ! Centennial l'J'-i
Boston E;«v 1404 ! Copper Range 42<i
fitchburg pfd 13««. 4 !raly West 23
Mex Central «\,Dom Coal C4 4
N T. tt H A H.lSfi iFranklin 74
Fer» Marquette... 74J5!GrajJcy 3\
Union Pa^lflcj b2T.:[s!e Royale fl'i
Mli«^iUneous — I Mass Mining 3
Arrer Arge Chem. 14 (Michigan 44
Do pfd r»"»Mohawk Z)%
Amer Pn«a Tube. 4 t »|MoiJt Coal A Coke 4H
Arrer Sugar 12.%4 Old Dominion ... 12
Do pfd 124 4!OsceoiS. 5«
AJEer Tel * T«1.124 (Parrot 24
Aci»r Woolen 10 IQutncy SO
Do pfd 74 4 1 Shannon 7
Dora Iron & S.. 10 I Tamarack 80
E.I EJect Ilium.. VA ! Trinity "3*,
O*n Electric 152 |U S Mining 1!»
Mass Electric 174U' S Oil 0
Do cM (504 Utah 3r.*i
Mass Gas 4O%! Victoria 3
United Fruit 100'j: Wlnotia 6
I'n Sh^e Mach 43 fWoJverfne 70
Do pfd 2S41 "
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money 90 9-tiN T C«n^ra! U7H
Do account •>!** ; Nor & Western. . . 57 <>;
Acacor.'ia, - 3 T i ¦ Do pfd SO
Atchl.«.:n 7n%'Ont W-stern. . . 21 V,
Do pM St 1 -! I Pfnnsylvnnla BSH
Bal A Ohio SlUi'Rami SItB« HWi
ran Pacific 11JHV Reading 214
<~ho« & Ohio 301-;! Do 1st pM "94
• Tti Gr^at W«n.. 13 I Do 2d pff -It
Chi MM & St P..1434!So Pwillway 20'i
De B"*r« 194! Do rf<* Sf-i
D*n & Rio G £0 ISO Pacific 4C%
Do pfj «y?»i' Union Pacific <4%
Erie 24 I Do pf .1 9-1 'i
Do l*t rfd -:7*i U S St^et !>*«
Do 2.J pM SSHI TV. pfd 54%:
TO Central 1.^4' Wabash 17
Loots & Nash. ..111 1 -.! Do pfd t*4
JI X t Texxs KJSi'Spaclsh *s 92H
Bar silver — Steady. 29 9-1*2 p«r ounce.
i'Onty — l\i p»r cent.
The T-ite cf diacount in the open market Tor
yhort btlla 13 l T «^i2 r«r cent an-1 for three
months' bills 1 15-lC<ff2 p«r cent.
Dealers continue to revort quiet and feature
less markets for all descriptions under this
h< UEANS— Eaycs. |2 4Q<@2 63: % Pe*. 9* «»
3 10- Butters. 83^3 50: stcall White. $2 9<xtf
3 10 : Urge White. 12 5C^2 W: Pink. 93 il&
3 53 : Red *4 .VX$4 75: Lima. $3 25-S3 30; R*J
Kidneys. S* 50#4 75: BUekeye. SI S5©2 C3 per
SEED Brown ' Mu*tard. *4f&4 25: Tellow
JIu.tard. 53^:t 25: Flax. *1 5O@l 9*; Canary.
i'-^tic for Eastern; Alfalfa. 144*}lPo: Rape.
t%63Se; Timothy «<S«He: Homy. 34©4o per
Ib; Millet. 3!g3Vsc; Bro«m Cora Seed. *2C©21
P *DRIED PEAS— BTacXeye. $3 per cti: NUes.
>3 25: Gseen Peas. $^€3 25.
Beaiis and Seeds.
fell Into Uleneas and neglect again to-day. So ;
far as there was a=y sentiment prevailing en ;
the ouf.ook for values, the adherents of oce ,
v;ew w»re counterbalanced by those of the ;
ctser. TSe consequence was a deadlock in j
wbjca prices were held motionless. Holders ;
refCkiacd frcm sellir.g. tRua relieving tha mar- j
ket fron the presrar« to which it has been i
subjected recer.t'.y. tie buyers were entirely f
Indisposed to foilaw price* upward. Th* re- J
suit was vtrtuaJ stagr.ation. Lcndan seat (
over fclgStr prices this morslct C:e extreme j
ease of money there causing tome sxrength i
for securities. Tl-.e responee here was short- i
liv*d and th« r«sut=ptlon of goid engagemente .;
for export rot an end to the advance. The j
ordering cf $2,500,000 in ccia at the sub
treasury fcr shipment t9-merrow showed that
the exhaustion of the supply of golJ bars left ¦
th* shipper*' necessitie* atUI unccvered and ;
ccinpened to resort to coin. Tte su?p<3eiTtcn !
that th« easing cf money atroid and the suff- !
enlng of the rate h<re ccns<^(ier:t upon trans- ,
fers cf gold tad prcceedeu far enough to j
protr.pt borrowing abroad on N;w York ac- j
ccunt. so as to check tha outgo of gold.
proved Uhalve la e^lte cf the dropping of j
London discounu twlow 2 per cent, and the |
likelihood that the Bank cf E.igland will re- j
<lnce its discount rate to-nscrrow. B«ytjnd to- |
BMMTWa shirnent of gold, whtch wlil tvach ;
about $3.(S».0e0 all available supplies of &oid ,
b*rs> for the ruture were bespeken by pro*- .
pective shippers. There was official expression :
of the op:aion based ca informal intimation
frr-m lntenilcg ihippers. that probably $13,000.- j
CO) additional in gold will go out. The ag- .
gregate cf the outgo on the present movement, j
Nrgtnnlr.gr early m April acd counting ac- j
tual engagement* up to date. h« reached
ever *.".¦.•¦«_-- i ¦><•. Wtth the abandonment of
the IJea that the gold moverner.t wu about i
to reach Its limits by th«? borrowing on «ier- i
Ur.fc. there was a revival of tSe uiwas'riifas |
caused by the ap;a.~r.tly unbr.dled outflow cf I
gold w'.th ar. -tr-5ue=ce ta ayfrravating the '
<iu!lsea» of the stock market. The quick sub- j
scrtjtien for the Euriingtcn bond l-««ue was I
favorably iTgarieJ. but th- break In the now j
Japanese bends en the curb to within Vic cf j
the issue price wa* an oiT««ttir.g infiuence.
The sellir-g seemed ta be of the new!;.- allotted j
huldlnga. en which there seeme-i to N? <a*«r- ¦
ness to real: re tsin-.e>ilately- The weather was ;
fav-rat'.e to the crcr?. but without elect on
BttdU.
A redaction In th« price cf copper waa
I faintly reflected in the mov^nsent of Areal- ,
| gcrnated. Railroad earninss report erl were not :
j iir.portant. but offered no silrnuiitica to values, j
i Called States Steel preferred ran off to l io
urjier last n:gaf« price en the late publi
cation of the Bcoheerfttl report of the Iroa '
cctlock by the Iron Age. Tbe clo?ins tor.* .
»as steady a=J the average lev*! of prices
waa very clc»e to that cf last night.
nonds were dull and rather heavy. Total
sa>5. 91. 4 10. 000.
United States bends were unchanged ca
! call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stock* — ' Sales, f&gh. L.iw. Clo^e. i
Atchison 7,0trt <>^ cs <:8<4
Alc!".l»on pfd 200 92 «Jl»i 1>2
Bait t. Ohio 4.200 7i Tt*% 77^
Bait & Ofcio pf'3 1K>4
Casadl&a Pacific... I0>J lld^ ll'}\ 11«,^
Central of J* J 153
< Jfc-eap &. Oh lo H ;
Chi St Alton 37L 4
Chi & Alton pfd 504
Chi & <J Western.. 000 13 1»S
Ciu i Nortbwestn 1*3
Chi Mil & !=t Paul. '.<¥*) 133H 1^ 13&M
Chi Mil *5tP pfj l'Ji 175:, 1734 1751,
Cfci Terra & Trans S
Ca; Term ic T prfd 17
CCC4 St Lc-ns. 100 usu, ej«^ tjjj
j Cclo Socthern .... .luO 15^ I5i» 15
Cole South l*t pld- luo 514 3; 1 -, Zl
Icclo South 2d pfd. luO 2uu »H 2'J«-i
! Del & Hudson ..'.. 7t»J VU\ 154 4 VA
| Del' Lack tt ff«i.. SOD 20 SSS 2U7
I Denver 4: Rso O.~. 10Q 13'i l'Ji-i 19%
Dtcver <t K G [!1. 3'J"> •-'i 6S\ 6«5
Ene C.OfO 22^i ~' t ~H
Erie 1st pM 4.SK«) ' 1SH S* MH
ETH- ii ptd BOO 3*4 34 24 4
i Hocking Valley ... 200 «1% 60% CO
Hocking Vai>y pfd 200 7%* 4 7>>* t 7S
Iliinois Central 12S 1 ,
I lew* Ceatral 1»54
j Iowa Cestrai pfd S3
IK C Southern *X> 19% 13 104
K C Southern pfd. 1.709 i<^ 3S 374
Dcsta A Nash 7<^ 10J4 tt^ T , t(M>&
Manhattan L *>0 113 U.}*» l*-1**
MetropolKan Secur 75
Metrcpciltan St Ry 0C0 111 110 HO
Mexican Cera 5"0 7U 74 714
Mlnr.fcStL.3Uis 40
M StP A :?lt iHe M. «5<X) (SH 62-4 tJlTi
M StP&SUStJi pfd. 100 1204 U"t;4 U9Vi
! UUsouri Pacitic . . . 2.1^0 iKj SS«» SSij
• Mo Kan A Texa_«.. 100 IS"; 13t» 15V,
j ilo Kan A. T pfd .:r->
Nat RR of Mex pfd 3-j
N T Central 1.200 iu\ tist^ m
Norfolk & Western. 2W n\ z«\ 534
Norfolk A W cfi. S3
•• Ctetario & Westerr.. 2i-<3 2C r » 20% 2014
Pennsylvania 11.300 in*, 113', 113'i
! Pitts C C A St L 54
1 Reading 2.400 41 *» 41\ 41W
! Readlr.g 1st prd 77
I Reading 24 r-fd s»Ti
i Rock I-U-. : Co 4.20O aH 504 C04
i Rock Islir.4 Co prd S» G i4\ ti%
! St L A S F 24 pfd «4
S St Lculs S W I \ZU
I St Louis S W pfd. 100 31% V.», 31H,
'Southern Pacific .. 5.1*10 4.*% t 4i^ &\
I Southern Railway.. SC>0 io:, 50V» 20^.
j Scuth*m F.y P'd Ki
Texa» & Pacific 1M> S3 2] jgst
Tel St L 4 West 24
I Tol St L * W pid. IO» 37 37 57
Union Pacific 13. 4 00 s",i^ s-J4 «2tt
fnlon Pacific pfd. I no M' 4 <jni t 90-i
Wabash 4» 1>U 4 13*4 iflix
I Wabaj>h pfd 210 3.1^ 33 1^ 3.1 u
U" A Lake Erie t5
j Vl'hiconrln Centra! kjjc
j Wli Cent pfd .... is hi,
Express Companies —
' Adams 219
I Anserican i«o
t'nlted States 100 ,
TVells-Fargo £00
Misce!laa*ous —
Amtl Copper 6.2iV> 40% 49 «9
j Am Car A Foun. . 10O m, 1^4 j^at
Am C A F pfd.. loo O=i «!#^ m»i 4
Ara Cotton Oil 534
Am Cct 00 ptd 85
An-.er Xc« «"*
Aracr Ice pfd 100 264 234 2T.4
Am Llnnefd Oil 74
Atcer Lla Oil pfd 274
An-.er Locomotive. 3i>0 17*4 174 17 V»
Am Locom pfd ' SO
Am Smelt A Reftn 4S%
Am S & R Pfd .. 20O 05 • !H~m 84
Am Sugar Refin.. 1.7CO 12StJ 1254 12S4
Anacon Mln Co 74
Brooklyn R T ... 9.9OO 4«H 45H 45U
Colo Fuel A Iron. fc» 2S% 294 28*4
CcnsoIWated Gas.. 4.1W 2?ifl4 *0S 2fi7»i
Com Products ... S0O 1H4 10% II
Corn Prodocts p^d «<}
rvfstlllers' Seccr 2f>U
Geceral KTec 2JV> 154^ 154^ 154
Intercat Paper ... 100 104 104 10^
Inter Paper pfd C44
Interest Pump 37
Inter Pus-.p pfd TO
National Lead ... 1.200 19*^ IS«4 l^
North Acur gl
Pacific Mall 2fy 2T>H 24>^ 23
People's Ca* 200 85*4 85 8»3
Pressed Steel Car 23
Press Stl Car pfd ««U
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic St*el 500 64 *4 «%
P.epub Pteel pfd 3S
Rahber t*x^s 10O 15 15 13
Rubber Goods pfd ' T7
Tern r^sal A Iron. 70O X1\ 32U 32 V4
C P Leather 100 6»1 614 ' Uifc
f 5 Leather pfd T9
D S Realty 2.noo 7% 7U 7H
C S Realty pfd.. 5.900 r,Z 4 r.!>U 6O?4
C S Rubber too i«H i<?v; 15*4
V S Rubber p"-- :o ° cflTi «0»4 6fl
TJ S Stee! *.80O 9^ 9V, gtt
IT S St'el pfd .. 27.100 ZIV. T.2V, 5T<
Westirghoese Elec !»no 15«4 liH-j 155 l i
Western Union .. MO K S6% 8«%
Total sales 1*4,000 shares.
HIDZS ANT> SKINS— Cells an«1 brand* sell
about Vi<?lc under <juotatJoBa. H«a»y Salt«d
Steers SUc: tnediun «V»c: Iisht. Sc; Cow
Hides. 8c "for heavy 'and 3c for Uynt: t*ta<«.
6c- Saft^J KrA »c; Sait*4 Veal lOe: Salt*d
Calf lie: dry Hhlea, l(5c; dry Kip. X3c; dry
Calf* ISc; Saeerskiss. shearlings. 2Jt?*V; eaeh;
•hori Wool 4*>i$65o each: nurflum. 70#90c: laag
Wool. $1^1 'Sfl; Horse WAra. *alt. $2 7S foe
large and $2g2 3<> for naedlum. Jt IZ'di T3 fcr
small and 5<?c for CoJts. Kors* H!J«». dry.
SI 73 for large and $1 3& for medium. $131 25
for B mall ami 3f>c for Colts. Buck Sxfns — Dry
Mextcan. 30c; dry SaTt*4 Mexican. 23e: dry
Central American. 30-632 *ic Goat Skloa —
Prime Auroras. 75c: large and smooth. 50c;
medium. Me: 5tnai;. 20c. ,.,._,„
TALLOW— Na 1 rentW*<t 4H^*Hc per 1b;
No 2 X^t^ie: gr»aa«. 2H«.>.
WOOL— Sririse Cirp — San JcaqTia aad Sonth
ern 12 months' 9<gUc; do 7 moctha". 3JSHV:
per 1b: Middle Count I*s. 121316c for free and
U«14c' f-7T defective: Ncrtbem. I3<3l7c for free
and 13<313c for defective; Nevada. 12--<J13c. ae
eorfllng to condition.
HOPS— 24tJ27c per l*> for California. 190*.
and l7Ht?Wc. for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Dull and unchanged at rrrvtous- frtz**.
CURED MEATS— 8a<*n. »*¦*? V*r lb for
bearr 10c for I'^ht medlnts. \Zc for U»jnt.
ISHc'for extra light and 154216c for mg*+T
cured: Eastern suirar-cnre<l Banw. 13c: Cali
fornia Easu.. I2#12i4e: M-sa Beei $109
10 W p«-r hbt: extra M«ss. S11S11 3#: Family.
S12@12 BO; prtm« Mese P«»k. $13; extra cl*ar.
124; Mess, $13: Dry S.ilte4 Pork. 10c; r»t«
Pork. $27: Pigs' F*et. $3; Smoked Beef. 14c
LARD — Tierce* quoted at «*4c n** R> ***
compound xa<l SUc for pure; half-harreU. vvx<.
J»\c; lU-lb tins. »V»c: i-lb tin*. 9»»c; S-lb tins,
;>V»c — *
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. SHc; thre©
half barrels. 94e: one tferce. *%c: tw» tierce*.
8«4cr live tierces. 3*«c per 1b.
Provisions.
' 'Xciv York Stocks about the same, but Cotton forcer.
'.Poor reports coviing in from the Iron and Steel trade.
Continued dullness on the local stock exchanges.
'Stiver y&c higher. No change in Exchange. *
Wheat market quiet end featureless everywhere.
•Barley declining and being throzvn on the market.
• Oats, Corn and Rye as previouly quoted.
Bran end Middlings firm. Rolled Barley and Hay iveak.
'. Xo further change in Beans and Seeds.
• .Potato market depressed under large offerings.
Omens in liberal receipt and lozver. Vegetables plentiful.
Poultry continues to bring very good prices.
' Plenty of Strawberries and Cherries coming in.
Less activity in the Orange market.
. "Butter, Cheese and Eggs siul in large supply.
frez'isiens continue quiet at all principal points.
. Cattle, Sheep end Hogs in free supply end easy.
SL'AfilMKr OF THE MARKETS.
RAISINS — F. o. h. prices Fr^»t»o tsr I9«»
crop (subject to change witioct notice) are as
follower 3*>-!b; ls«x»«— Uxm« Muscate^ 4-erown.
4tf p«r 1b-: 3-cro-!rn, 4»4c; S-crowjj. 4c: Malaga.
loese a-erown. 4c; 2-crswn. 3\c: TiompMn-s
se.«dfVsj. 4c; wsdlesft "ultanas. »^*: e^ 1 * s "
Mujcateis. 3\ic; to Coated. 3*ne; Seeded Rai»
fns. l6-oi carton*, faacx. 5?»c; choice 3Hc;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 44c: choice. 4He; la
b»lk fancy. J» 1 4«: cioLem. 3c; ImperUl clas.
tecs' S3: Dehesa. J2 3O: iaacy." S2; Lcn-ica
Layer* 3-crown. |1 33; 2-crown. $1 23
VUT3— -Walnuts No. 1 soft*ae!T. J3»i©14«:
N'o 3 llti«12c: No. 1 hardshelT. lS9n*»c:
Vi «• ll«lHit; Alxaoad*. ltHc for Nocpa
r«lla. tme for 1 X L Ue for N> Ptt» Ultra
and ffiic for Languedcc: Pearots. C*».c for
Eastern: Pecans. 119I3e: Cccoanuts. 14 -C-©...
HONEY— Coxab. 10311 fee for white and SH
99V}c for amber: water white extracted. t«cr
light amber extracted. 4H«*\e; dart.
!3%@4c.
BEESWAX— STSMc per In.
Fears. «eilH«r ri». white^ 2H©3c ta Soies:
black 4^c; Plums* pitted. 5©7yc per Ifcv
PRUNES— 180S <rop. l^@2^c 8dt the ftms
sizes.
cotapartson caused a temporary trulga, which
rerri-tJ July to &9e *f& eeptimibe* »« 81%9 !
91%c Ta« refutation of tta report caused
th* prices of th««e options to yi«W to S7V;®
S7Sa and 8lUc tae lowest point for the day.
The close showed some of the toss regained
upon renewed general buying on the break.
and fiaai figure* wera: July. 37% a, a shade
ender yesterday's figure; September B=chaaje4
Con was Indebted for tta Crames* mainly ta '
the strength of wheat. Ths cloe« was He
better for July at 4Sc
Oats held up largtly because of other gralna.
July closed »4c hlgaer at 3S%c
Provisions were arm after a small early
dec'.lM July porfe closed a shade higher, lard
clcs»d a shade higher and rlb» were 2 He up.
Th# leading futures rar.eed as follows: j
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close."]
July eld S" 1^ S8 ST1 * 57^»
Juivl new i*£ §6*4 S6^ 36V
S«ptmber. old. hl% SI", SU* »1H
Ma?"?.! 1 : 0 -.. 2 ". 47 47H 4e% 47=4
jt..* 47% *8J4 47^ 4JJ
Member ..... *7 47^ 45< 47H
M?y :SN "^. 2 .T.. 41% «* «J» 41%
£e D t«mber && 30« 30^ 30*i
Pork, rer bbl.- u u g(>
Sept-sibeV 11 52^ 11 60 11 B2« 11 57 \»
-Card, per 100 lb % - fl fl flM
September ..... • 62<. 6 63 6 6S<4 « 63
Shor,Riba.perl(X>lb.- r , 43 M
ststembcr *".::.. e eo * «rg « co e «
Cash Grain and Provisions.
(CHICAGO, May IS- — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, easy; No S »prm*-wh**i.
0C«3'io; No. 3, &C©0Cc: No- = rj* $1 03® I CC;
NoT" 2 torn. 4S?4SWo- No 2 ytllow. 3i^r«»e:
NV. 3 white •cS+lHc; No. 2 rye. .3c: good
feev'tns barley, 3&S»c: fa^r to choice n«l»2*.
4533<!o- No. 1 fi.TXse«d. 09V»c: No. 1 North
we*tei-i Jl 0-J- prl.-r-e timcthy-eee.i. $3; m^ss
Pr" 8^r bbl SU Wl f: lanl. P*r ICO lb£.
U 3-H* W: short rib- sides <\°<>°*-*£*$
a 37 uT- short clear sides (boxtd) S« 23®6 50:
whJ-lir basis of high wines. SI 2S: clover.
contr«t^r«le. $10 T6. Shipments.;
Fl^ : C bt7*Is 3«.20O 1XT00
Vn*& bushels W.WV C S£
Com. bushels «*•«»
Oars. bnsheU X1 , 4 .;^ "O"* 0
Ry*. bushels R^nSS? "n'^ft
Barley, bushels 6..JK.0 • «.0CO
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO May IS. — On the Troduce Ex
cb.-ing* tc-day the butter ™*£i t *** firm;
creamiT. 13&13 l »c; dairy. 1231. c. l^sss were
»t»«dy at 15H0134=- Cheese was easy at &Vi
'(J9VJC. 2__ll
19
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1904.
New York Stock Market.
. KZW T0EK. »»T IB.—T** itock .tcarket
A report from Ventura says many promlrent
men of the Honey producing sections of South
era California took for an almost total failure
of this year's crop as the retult of lack of
rains. Many ranchers have bad to feed their
bees and many more are shipping their swarms
up into Nevada. .
FRUITS — Apricots.' 8H©10%e for Royals and
9©l2c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. 4K©
6c; ¦ sun-dried. 3@4%c; Peaches. 6© 5c;
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
CHICAGO. May 18. — The famished condition
of elevator bins caused an advance of > ( c In
May wheat. While the gain was regarded as
significant, trading in the May delivery was
extremely small. The July option closed about
where It did the day before. Corn Is up %c;
oats acd provision* show little change.
Early Influences In the wheat situation wore
conflicting and the popular belief was that saiee
would weaken after two days of pronounced
strength by a failure of Liverpool cables to
show a rejection of yesterday's advance. The
opening bids, nevertheless, showed an unex
pected demand from the milling centers as
well as a renewed buytng tendency by foreigm
interests and initial stiles of July were at
S»%©ST%c %e lower to %c higher. Small
contract stocks appeared to be kept wen- ia
mind by speculators, and the demand from
the Northwest was taken to indicate an
awakening to the heavy Inroads upon the
milling supplies. A report soon denied that
i the . acreage of spring wheat was small by
8 19: Pearl Bar!*?. $3: Spilt Peaa, box**, IT;
! Green Pea#. $5 40 per lOtf lbs.
//oy <mef Feedstittfs.
Fwdstnffs remaia unchanged, except Rolled
Barley, which Is declining with, the raar jraia.
j Receipts of Hay- art now cicch more, moderate
, than -a week or s-j a£'X - • ¦
! Somers A Co. say of Hay la their circular:
"We have a still farther Increase In Kay re
ceipts to report tor tht» week sr.-llair to-lay
ihoirs a total cf 3160 tons. "CO tor.s ruore than
lor tiso week preceding. Prie^ on some grades
cf Hay have dropped ta so low a ra:i£» Dili
we think many fforners will prefer to. Bold
I back for awhile anticipating some reaction;
! although ;he choicer grades hare bees la fatrly
f good d»maad. yet the poorer Qualities, and
[ more particularly «toclt Hay. tare teen coming
I In so freely as to thoroughly demcralUe th^
I market on this particular grade of goods. No
eea seems ts<i!n«d to speculate by storing at
this Ute date, so shljnsents ba.v» to be said,
and. as there ar« many receivers. It ts simply
a case o' a continuous cutting la prices, which
has c<ow resulted in sale* having to be made
at even lower figures than wen noted through
out the summer of last year.
"Thus far but one car of new Hay has made
Its appearance.; It arrived last Friday and
proved to be green, clean, wild oat Hay, ap
parently well curwi In **ery way. It »u i
Johbe.i out ta iota of a few bale* at $3 per t
ton. but we do not think mere of It would
bring this figure: consumers Bare had so mush
of the ctd crcp urged upon tham that moat !
, of them ar» quite- well stocked up aad no «ne
seams to feel as If th« timo Is yet right to
handle any new Hay.
•"Although crop p*o«pects are still quite ea
cou-aging yet some districts are reportmg a
light yield; Hotllster. which U perhaps our
Urjnt shipping saint reports that all indi
cations are for a lighter crop than last year.
and- last year's yield wa» considerably »"i>w
-the average. Of this we. can report more fully ,
a bit later."
BRAX- ?21tr22 p«r ton.
MIDDLINGS— Sit SO-g-.D SO per ton.
SHORTS— J21S2U per ton *.,«-, -a
F^EDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, ST-ttSTt SQ
per ton: OUcake Meal at the mill, $2tf3C<«U:
jobbing. 432; Cocoacut Cake. m&X: Cora
Meal ¥.0 SOtgJl 30; Cracktd Corn. *31«32:
I Mlisd Feed. S2Hff22; Horse Beans. $30&
I 40 per ton: Broom Corn FeedJ 90c per ctL
HAT— Wheat. SllglS: Wheat and Oat. S«t>
13 ?©• Oat $9<812: Barley, nominal: Stock.
$Si?10; Alfalfa. $T©tO p*r ton.
STRAW— 5O«t70c per bale.
ADCTION SALES
¦j The Auctioneer.
r Kojtsss. noRsxs. horses.
' I am Inatructed ta *e'.\ to the highest bidder,
without reaerre or UmK.
PATTOSIEJTS STABZ^. FOt-3OM ST.. be*
ISth and 19th.
A GREAT OPPORTUNITI-
19 DRAFT HOR3ES. 10 wen-seisoaed UgMT
<Ttvtsg. saddle aa4 Vl«I-i«ts honea; wagens.
all styles: busiaess buggies and h4nx*s»— all
st year «wa price. \
AT PUBUC AUC7IOX.
Friday, May 20, 1904,
On the premises. 1 o'clock p. rn.
POeiTIVELT MUST BE SOLO.
WILSON, the Auctiot>es#,
{50 AUCTION SALE 50
I Of 33 b*ad ef DRAFT HOR3ES. Wcl^jdiaa
, i PTRS BRED NORMAN? and 3HIAES
Also 11 hea-1 of STANDARD BP.EI> COLT.3*
' FILLIE3 a&4 ROADSTERS. ineiu4in9 *. tnK.
V ter than can show a mile In 2: JO. w-*«h» V2QO.
[ and sent:-, aired by Diablo, Gosaljer. ifaiirtw*
1 asd Alex Button. This consignment is a gre>n-«
, lot «f ehoice. high grade aslaials. Tan 4ra.fl,
; horses wetgh frosj ,I4CO to l*>i potwds; th»
1 wagon hcr*es from 120W to 14rt> pouauU. a»*
all are fat »rA r?sly for tmnieiiUto use.
' Tnese horses are sni:ab> for ranchers, orehari.
: ists bre«t«rs. whote-sale batchers. drai'TOea,
! brew«r» etc. la this !«>t ar» a number of par*
• bred Shire and Norman fillies; thai ar* h*r»l t»
i excel. Aa laapectton by crospecttre teiyera J«
• lavlteU- Tb!s stock U from the- well Xnowa
¦¦ ranch «f WUUara Brockrsai^ SJaaartll*. L*Js«4
! C *'T^ESDtT MAT 24. 1**
At 7:45 O'clock.
', • At SalesyarJ. 1732 ilar.-t st.. near Vaa N»sa
ave.. Saa FranoL«?o.
i Hor^ at yard f8g£*g*&
Utt itoc* Aactionser*.Mrs. Crawford Loses Contest.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that Mrs. J. M. Crawford could
not take advantage of an error made
by the grantors of the Kern Oil Com
pany in marking the boundaries of a
mineral location. The grantors of the
corporation left a strip of oil land
fifty feet wide along one side of a
quarter section: Mrs. Crawford owned
adjacent property and laid claim to
the unmarked strip. The lower court
decided in her favar, but the higher
tribunal revtraM - that ' decision.
David Linchner, living at 448 Ivy
avenue, was arrested last night and
placed in the tanks at the Hall of Jus
tice, pending the result of the injur
ies received by A. J. Navawreto, a boy
whose skull was fractured by a rock
thrown, it is alleged, by Linchner.
Nnvawreto lives at 92S Broadway.
Alleged Rock Thrower Arrested.
The longest strike on record is not
yet ended. The 2800 men and boys
employed in Lord Penrhyn's slate
quarries, in Wales, went out two and
a half years ago and the settlement of
the strike is now a question in British
party politics.
Justice of the Peace Lawson gave
judgment yesterday in favor of. Frank
Mello, a lodging-house keeper, who
sued Hildebrandt. Posner & Co. for
$192. The testimony showed that ever
since 1S95 Mello has been paying the
water bills of the four tenants of the
defendant firm, including his own. It
appears that all the service pipes led
into Mello's meter and he was thu3
mulcted out of much coin. | Lawson
decided that the allegations of fraud
were not sustained and the condition
was the result of the mutual mistake
of the litigants. He found that ih««
amount involved, which had been .paid'
by Mello, was $1 89 for ninety months,
or $170 10. He therefore divided the
amount and directed the defendant to
pay Mello $85 05.
OTTAWA. Ontario. May !«.— Sir Wilfrid
Leurier htau<l in th» House to-day that ft
tibs the Intention of the Government to amend
th* railway a<l so a? to eoir.jvl all railway
rompani»s tn l.avo a majority of the directors
British subjects.
Will Appear Before Finance Commit
tee to Make Regular Annual
Requisitions on Friday.
The Board of Fire Commissioners
appeared before the Finance Commit
tee of the Board of Supervisors to ask
their share of next year's budget. The
amount that will be asked is $828,920,
though $788,950 is all that will be
recommended by the Auditor. The
entire session yesterday was taken
up in the examination of minor de
tails and the session was adjourned
until Friday morning.
The salaries of chiefs, captains and
firemen were under discussion yester
day, together with the question of em
ploying a veterinary surgeon for the
department. Dr. Egan has acted in
that capacity for a number of years
and is reported to have been very ef
ficient in his work. Brandenstein sug
gested thut Egan be asked to do the
work for all departments that use
horses, as that method would be much
cheaper than having a different vet
erinary for each department.
Dr. Egan, Herbert Schmitz, Dr.
Stephen and Chief Sullivan will appear
before the committee on Friday morn
ing to d'scuss the matter.
PAYS WATER BILLS OF '
FOUR OTHER TENANTS
FIRE DEPARTMENT TO
ASK BIG APPROPRIATION
YOUNG PROCESS SERVER
BRINGS SUIT FOR DA3IAGES
Files Complaint That S. P. Neilson
Threw Him Downstairs and In
jured Him Severely.
Suit was filed yesterday in the Jus
tices' Court by Samuel Valenzuela, a
minor, by his guardian, Loui3a Mo
rano, against Soren P. Neilson for
$299 damage*. Valenzula is 18 years
of age and was employed as a process
server by various attorneys.
Valenzuela alleges in Tiis complaint
that on April 4 last Neilson "Willfully,
wrongfully, maliciously and without
just cause or provocation and without
consent of plaintiff so to do and with
great force and violence grasped,
struck, choked, beat, kicked and
bruised plaintiff and hurled, pushed
and threw plaintiff down a flight of
stairs, whereby plaintiff was greatly
and grievously injured, bruised and
maimed and made sick, sore and
lame." Valenzuela claims that he was
damaged in the sum of $1000, but re
mits all but $299.
Valenzuela made an affidavit that
he is a pauper, so Judge Van Nostrand
remitted the preliminary fees in the
suit.
EVENING SCHOOL TEACHERS'
SALARIES ARE UNCHANGED
Education \\ ill Affect Day
Pedagogues Only.
Sfew Schedule Adopted by Board of
In raising the minimum salary of
teachers in the public school depart
ment from $50 to $60 only the day
teachers were affected. The salary of
the evening school teachers remains
undisturbed and the Board of Educa
tion contemplates making no increase
In the existing schedule. There are
101 evening school teachers. Those in
tho Humboldt Evening High School
are paid a flat rate of §60 per month
and all others $50 per month. The
board considers these sums adequate
pay foi tv.o hours' work for five even
ings ii> each week. The board will
ir.eet to-day to adopt the revised sal
ary schedule.
The first banquet of the advertising
men of San Francisco -was held at the
Poodle Dog last Monday evening. The
purpose of the banquet was to form a
permanent organization. A commit
tee of seven was selected to prepare the
by-laws and constitution and forrrt an
outline of procedure for the succeeding
banquets.
The following were present at the
banuet: E. 11. Swasey, G. C. Barnhart,
J. Eppinger, A. G. Carter and O. R.
Tyson of Barnhart & Swasey, adver
tising agents; F. J. Cooper of the Coop
er Advertising Agency; C. H. House of
The Call; L. E. Fitch of the Bulletin;
R. C. Ayres, advertising manager of S.
N. Wood & Co.; W. E. Joslyn, adver
tising manager of the Emporium; W.
H. Pinney, advertising manager of
Hale's; J. A. Johnston, advertising
manager o£ Welnstock, Lubin & Co.;
H. A. Boushey, advertising manager of
Prager's departmnt store; S. M.
Barrus, advertising manager of Kohler
& Chase; R. Reinhart, advertising
manager of Raphael's. Inc.; G. B.
Cheney, advertising manager of Mag
nin & Co.; Alfred KcKinnon, advertis
ing manager of A. P. Hotaling & Co.;
G. W. Fischer of the Fischer, Adver
tising Agency; H. C. Morris of Morris
& Bain, printers; H. C. Rowley, editor
of The California Fruit Grower; H. P.
Stabler, chairman of the Advertising
Committee of the California Dried
Fruit Association; J. B. Barnhill, Pa
cific Coast representative of the Re
view of Reviews; W. Ray of Whitaker
& Ray, publishers; R. P. Jennings and
Hamilton Wright of the California
Promotion Committee; Z., E. Sexton,
manager of the Sunset Advertising
Agency.
R. C. Ayres was chosen toastmaster
and handled the situation creditably,
introducing the speakers of the evening
tactfully and entertaingly.
A GKJSAT SUBJECT.
After coffee and cigars the toast
master said: "Gentlemen, we are here
to-night in the interests of a great sub
ject—a subject involving yearly in the
United States the vast expenditure of
J650,000,000. Few people realize that
advertising has grown so great. The
annual wheat crop in the United States
is but $320,000,000, the cotton crop $483,
000,000, the gold production $210,000,000,
the lumber production $567,000,000. Ad
.vertising involves more money than
any of these great industries.
"Advertising is woven in one way or
another into every business under tho
sun. Its dynamic force can hardly be
measured. It builds business, develops
commerce and makes nations. It is
the greatest subject of the day in the
commercial world."
The first toast was responded to by
C. H. House of the Call, on the sub
ject, "The Benefits to Be Derived From
Organization."
S. M. Barrus was the next speaker.
His subject was "Club Organization."
Having been an active member of a
similar organization in Denver he made
many valuable suggestions.
J. D. Barnhill responded to the toast,
"What the East Expects From Califor
nia." Coming recently from New York
and being closely in touch with the
ideas of Eastern publishers, his re
marks were listened to with intense
interest.
Replying to the toast of Mr. Barn
hill, E. M. Swasey told "What Califor
nia Can Give the East." His speech
was the feature of the evening. His
familiarity with the State's condition
and products enabled him to ably and
exhaustively treat his subject.
NEED OF ADVEHTISING.
He said in part
"California to-day is one of the
world's attractions. No other State
has been spoken of in such glowing
words, yet there remains more ad
vertising to be done than has ever
been done, for with our millions of
acres yet untenanted we can easily
take care of a population of millions,
whereas we now have only thousands.
"Jingles, doggerels ,-wid cartoons
would not be required to bolster up
the merit of California canned goods.
Plain statements, tersely told and
placed in the right media would start
the sale of these goods and their own
merit would keep it up. Yet who is
advertising California canned goods
in the East?
P. J. Cooper gave a technical talk on
"Agency Work in ; Developing Adver
tising."
"You can find the popular adver
tised brands of beer In every cafe,
bar and grill in America. But tell
me one brand of California wine that
is sold in 10 per cent of the places in
which it should be the leader through
out the United States. There is no
question about the quality of good
California wines, but our wine in
dustry needs a campaign of advertis
ing.
"The same may be said of our
splendid olive oil, our excellent rai
sins and our delicious prunes. The
first big advertising oC a California
product must be done properly. Let
us have one big success and we will
have no difficulty in securing many
others."
R. P. Jennings told the assemblage
of the work being done by the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee. He
stated that his committee would
readily give all possible assistance to
the advertising mens' 'organization in
promoting the publicity of California.
Tb.» Supervisors* Street Committee
held a special meeting yesterday to
consider the application of the Pre
sidio and Ferries Railway Company for
a new franchise from the ferries along
Union street to tbe Presidio Reserva
tion.
George W. Newhall, president of the
company, stated that the application
already filed called for an electric road,
but that subsequent developments had
caused the suggestion of a modification
In the petition. NtwhaJl said:
The petition is now In t!ie hands of the
City Eortoeer. but j. repurt tlierecn ha* been
4e:*yed. When we fii<?d the i>etKion w« in
vtcata to build an electric road, on the ar
tnirw&co oi cur that tuch motive
power could b* u*cd on the steep lulls c.uns
tb« route outlined.
We loivre tact bt-en informed that tn!s jj.an
may Jiot be feasible and it would be more
advisable to build a first-class modi m cable
road at a lets cost for construction and opera
tion W« therefore defire to file a supple
mentary petition to that effect, l-'hould we
Aeclfie to build an electric cystc-m »e should
V.k* to hav* the privilege of I'lacins po.es
Crom Pierce ttreet westerly at least.
The committee expressed itself as
against allowing poles to be erected.
but agreed to consider the proposition
of a cable line with the tentative un
derstanding that grooved rails should
be used In its construction and that
sa all-night service be provided.
It was also agreed to incorporate in
the franchise, if granted to the com
pany as the highest bidder, that the
city have the privilege of taking over
lh« road after a period of years, after
paying the actual cost of construction
together with the value of the fran
chise and interest thereon.
The Board of Public Works decided
yesterday that when the time comes
for the awarding of a franchise for
the Geary street road it will rec
ommend to the Board of Supervisors
that the terminus of the road be on
the westerly side of Kearny street and
that It be nof. permitted to cross Kear
ny street to its present terminus at
the turn-table. The board agreed that
it would not consent to the franchise
unless the condition described was in
corporated therein. •
The board took the ground that, ow
ing to the congested traffic at the point
named, the lives of pedestrians are se
riously menaced by the cars crossing
Keainy street and that the danger can
be averted by making the cars stop on
the west side of the street.
The board also agreed to recommend
that a fine convenience station be built
under the spate now occupied by the
turn-table and will at once prepare
plans for the same.
STREET CLEANING BIDS.
The board opened bids for sweeping
and sprinkling the public streets. For
district No. 1 there were two bids, one
from J. G. Harney at 90 cents per
1000 square yards for sweeping and
19K cents per 1000 lineal feet for sprink
ling. The City Street Improvement
Company bid 92 cents and 17 cents for
the same.
In district No. 2 the bids for clean
ing were from Alva B. Clute', 26?; cents
per 1000 square yards: J. G. Harney,
2S*i cents; Joseph F. Lahaney, 29%
cents, and the City Street Improvement
Company the same.
The same firms bid vesterday 24^
cents, 2:S'i cents, 24 cents and 21%
cents and Frank Sheerin bid 23% cents
and Felix McHugh 24 cents for clean
ing district No. 3. For district No. 4
J. G." Hearney bid 37i,i cents; Frank
Sheerin 36% cents, and the City Street
Improvement Company 36 cents. The
contracts will be awarded next
Wednesday.
XEW CITY ENGINEER.
The board by resolution formally ap
pointed Commissioner Thomas P.
Woodward to be City Engineer, the ap
pointment taking effect to-morrow.
Woodward refused to vote and was
elected by the votes of Commissioners
Schmitz and Casey. Woodward's suc
cessor as Commissioner has not as yet
been chosen by Mayor Schmitz.
The board approved the map of the
Reis Tract showing land deeded by F.
Rels for Bessie Avenue.
Property owners petitioned that a
nine-foot cement sidewalk be laid on
Point Lobos avenue between William
son and Wood streets.
Superintendent J. C. Wilder of the
Southern Pacific Company notified the
board that trains would in future not
blockade the crossing at Sixth and
Townsend streets.
Deputy Donovan reported that there
was no reason to grant the request of
the Health Board that the sewer on
Sixteenth. Texas and Carolina streets
be opened to repair a break as no break
existed.
Deputy Donovan reported that the
cost of inspection for nine months end
ing April 1, 1904, of street opening and
restoration by corporations laying
mains, was $2250. Of this amount
$1113.00 is due from the San Francisco
Gas Company, $9Q1.k?> from Spring Val
ley Water Works, $139.45 from Inde
pendent Gas Company, and $66.88 from
Pacific Gas Company.
WOULD WIDEN' AVENUE
The Spring Valley Water Company
petitioned the board to postpone action
on the bids for improving Nineteenth
avenue frcm Trocadcro culvert to Ocean
avenue. The company is preparing
a proposition to be made to the city,
which by somewhat changing the route
of the proposed Nineteenth avenue ex
tension will result in its widening from
70 to 100 feet and largely improve the
connection of the future sewer system
of the Lakeview and Ingleside districts
with the Pacific Ocean.
City Architect Shoa reported that the
steam plants in the City Hall and Hall
of Justice can be converted into oil
burning plants at a cost of $1600 and
$850 respectively.
Tho Bureau of Engineering filed sur
veys showing obstructions on Beacon,
Wayland and University streets and
denning tho westerly boundary line of
the city's property on Sixteenth street
between Harrison and Folsom.
REPORTS OX PROTEST.
The Bureau of Engineering filed a
report on the protest of the Sutro
estate against granting permission to
the United Railroads to electrize the
California-street stea/n road on the
ground that it passes through property
belonging to the estate, and it Is in
tended to construct a single track road
instead of a double track as provided
in an agreement. The report states
that under the franchise the portions
of the road crossing private property
are to cross with the consent of the
owners, and it is optional with the
owners whether a single or double
track shall be built, as any such agree
ment has not been incorporated in the
franchise
Protests were filed by Abner Doble
Company. M: Meyerfeld Jr. and Mrs.
F. F. Schloss against putting a sewer
In Seventh street between Hubbell and
South.
The cost of paving: Broadway be
tween Front and Davis was reported
as being $3100.
The deeds from the South San Fran
cisco Dock Company for lands for the
extending of Fifth and Tenth avenues
south was accepted.
On complaint of property owners the
board ordered the immediate removal
of advertising fences at 2100 to 2108
Flllmore street and at Sacramento and
Fillmore Btreets.
Agree That Fame of Native
Fruits and Wines Should
Be More Widely Published
Commissioner Is Made City
Engineer by the Votes
of His Two % Associates
Cost Is Less and Electric
Power May Not Be Feas
ible on the Steep Hills
SUPEBVISOES WILLING
W00DWABD APPOINTED
MEET AT A BANQUET
Plans to Have the Geary
Street Cars Stop on the
Westerly Side of Kearny
Officials of Union Street
Line Will Amend Original
Petition for a Franchise
Advertising Men of the City
Promise to Work With
State Promotion Committee
WILL PROCLAIM
HOME PRODUCTS
PLAN TO BUILD
A CABLE ROAD
BOARD DEFINES
NEW TERMINUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 1904.
OS the public tc&oQl t*«oh«ra in the
United Elates, 27 ptT cent ar« men.
20
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION -1NT> AFFAIRS
OF THE
CONHECTICOTFIHE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE O7
Connecticut. on tb« 31st day of De-
cember. A. D. 1903. and for the year endln*
on that day. as made to the Insurance- Com-
missioner of' the State of California, pursuant
to th» provisions of sections 610 and 611 of th»
Political Code, condensed as p«r blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, raid up
In Cash $1,000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real E«tat« owned by Company... 1192.300 OO
Loans on Bonds and Mortsaires. . . 1,333.230 OO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3.107.643 00
Cash In Company 1 * Offlce 33» 43
Cash In Banks 304.313 Ti
Premiums In du» Course of Col-
lection 12S.831 41
Bills receivable. not Matured.
taken for Fire and Maries Kiska 5.23S 19
Total asset* ?3.172,03b JK1
LIABILITIES ~~~ "
Lossed adjusted and unpaid $37,807 3n
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Su»pens? ¦. .. 160,167 00
Losses resisted, including expenses 27.658 60
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $1,827.-
$16 !>9: reinsurance 50 per cent.. 013.908 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one- year. $2.-
W2,95d 64; reinsurance pro rata. 1,571.010 04
Total liabilities $2,730,551 «
IXCO1TS. ~~
Net ca*h actually received for Fire-
premiums $2.SS0.413 10
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 84.732 55
Received for Jntereat and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 124. 43S &*
Received for Rents 4.177 68
Received for profits on sale, of
Ledger Asset* 7.244 53
Total Income $3.C^i.r*is n«»
EXPENDITURES. **
Net amount paid for Fire- Losses
(including losses of previous
years) $1,414,629 77
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage B87.S0O 24
Paid for Salarl*«. Fees and other
charges for offers, clerks, etc.. 202.827 64
Paid for State. National and LocaJ
Taxes .» M.S2S 79
ATI other payments and expendi-
tures 1S7.B32 XI
Total Exi*ndltur-s $2,537,363 SS
Losses Incurred during th« y»ar. .$1.429.232 29
Risks and Premiums. Flra Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written during the'
year $261.488.9«7 $3. 496.067 03
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 230.258,583 3.066UOO 23
Net amount in force
December 31. 1303. . SS9. 447.561 4.790.773 53
J. D. BROWNE. President.
CHARLES R. BL'RT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 4th
day of January, lfMU. ¦
J. H. THATCHER. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, Manager.
COLIN M. BOYD, Agent for San Francisco.
216 Sansome Street
SONUS BROS., City Agts. , 230 Monigomerj Si.
jedfim&fj. MENANDWOME&.
<^S5S'CcBl!?^*^ Cn BU a for nnn»tur»l
tSSSTtm 1 to 5 dan.\$] disch»r«e(,li>aattini»tioBi.
EB*ff 6uiuM TH irrit»Uaas or ntcer%tioc«
BpSV not to itrUtnrs. of muooa* mtmbrsar*.
t* rr»»mu tataffe"- PainlMS, and not Mtrla-
Ki*irH£ETl»jCH£»ltMlCo. e»at or poi»onou».
l*rn ci*uxATi,0.fi&33 Sc:<> fc y DrncxlsU,
v3fA. 0.&.A, "S«i or »ont In pUln wrn.ft»T,
JaBBt^ *>y •xprws, prepaid, fay
VttreWKRKril »«¦•». or »fcotU»«l2.7».
tBH^V 9 ClrcuJw mt «• ntua)
ALVEHTISEilZIJTS.
TEN DOLIiARS REWARD.
A reward of $10.00 will be
paid for the arrest and convic-
tion of any person caught steal-
ing a newspaper from the mem-
bers of the union or their sub-
scribers.
SAN* FRANCISCO
NEWSPAPER CARRIERS'
PROTECTIVE UNION.
Tliis in addition to the $10.00
offered by The Call will make
a reward of $20.00 for the ar-
rest and conviction of any per-
son caught stealing a Call from
'nitrons.
f!ffgg§!g!Sg!!otS!g§!!!2?SfffS?^^
11 THEY ARE ALL WONDERING HOW WE DO IT !
•• • ! ! " — ' ¦ : J5
II We have just closed one of the largest deals ever closed by any one Tailoring House Jj
|| in the State of California in years— $50,000 worth of genuine Imported Woolen ||
|| Goods that the finest Merchant Tailoring House would pay us double the price we ||
|| ~^ ~^n paid for them* Suits they make* up to order r— — I |8
|| Suits Made for not less than $35.00 up to $75.00 per suit, Extra Pair |2
II io Order we make up to order for of Pants Free ||
ot / Mf\ %< m fir Slal f\Ir$ to Fwrv *•
8; V;, c :-aa More I JP=== Less Customer ||
«l I J£* WORTH FROM SS
|| Rm^mhpr'^ This is a Special Sale for c ||
§8 pfO MORE tveineinPer>>> Thursday, Friday, Saturday $ *| to $Q 85
e© TiTA ircc ; and Monday Only. We will positively not sell any ** 58
2S JNO Lh5i more than 1000 Suits Made To Order. Now, during THIS WEEK %%
go ¦— — — J this sale, to make it one of the Largest Sales ever ' ' 55
§§ known in San Francisco, we will give away Free of Charge any one of the following with every 55
©| Suit. Remember, any one you wish : 55
|| • To the Ladies: All Wool Skirt Patterns. To the Men: An Extra Pair of Pants with Every Suit. 88
SS Now here is what they are all looking for — anyone wishing his suit Silk lined can have it so 55
e% Free of Charge. Remember, you cannot duplicate any one of these suits for three times as much. 55
|| Our price for Suits Made to Order is: No More $15.00 No Less. Here are the goods that go on sale: SS
|| 27 Different Styles of Black and Blue Worsteds. 150 Styles of Fancy Worsteds. |5
SS 110 Styles of Scotch Worsteds. 65 Styles of Scotch Tweeds. 58
99 And over 500 different styles that we lack space to mention. Come early and select the BEST. «o
®* r-^ g~\ r~- ••
9O — ; r- vJ K ••
09 88
e« ' * ••
£0 • ¦ ¦ ©O
©© j«x<a. ...~~ t _ «« «nt s^^ 1 f%f\€^ JiJi 1 6 C± ®*
!§ Open Saturday Evenings Until IO p. m. 00
iSs&©eeG©®0Ge0«©e9©*33©aee«es»$©a3©©o©o8©e©©e©e©e©©3o©oea»©ooo©^
©»€Qg<ceQO®G&30SQ®o©C9©s©Qa»e®o@»Qc©o©eeQ©®Qoo»oc©©os»e®©©©g©©©©og^g gooaeoooocoao ** ooa * ooooa *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
**'•''! - .\ ' fr*ffi3rf--i«'».»s«r i v ;"*. ?
IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA BfJRBARfl. ,
RATES— American plaQ— From May 1, 1904, to January 1, 1905:
One person occuplng roon>, witbout bath, $2.50 to $3.50; with bath, $3.50 to $5.00
BROTHERS
M \1 *v ' 7 s% ¦ laiTi m* •»»>
y — —GROCERIES.-— — ~^j
Lima. Bean* 6 pounds. . 'Z\ T>o
You n^^d t'wrn for jour ,\t » Hint;.
land ~+iue<"ota*=h
Tresh K.E,nch rjrgrs doz. 120c
GuararitP«»d lr**h. Select iar»;v
•w-hlto. With ordtn>.
Trench Breakfast Coffee, .pfl liOe
Rirh. aroiTMti'* Mend. Economical.
Samp!" it at our demonstration coun-
ter. Rei.. 00c.
10-pouad "ocr French Prunes ."{.";«•
Ha.v«rnV Kancy Clara*. Jum a
few. Res. "><:. Hundred boxes left.
Price fre'id !r>ne a* they lat-t.
Lucca Oil quart bot, 1 Tn-
Pure Salad Oil. Ileg;. 2.'C. ,
Kexican Fenocha pound 10c
Swaeter tr.an MsdIc t-usar. V£
ir>»)r<l5 *l.Of».
Eng-Ush Breakfast Tea.ponnd ;{Oc
¦KJceeptional tea \-a]u«. Re*". 60c.
Tou may sample it if you wish.
Preach Castile Soap bar 20c
Regular wlz<». TJnuai 30p.
SCalted Breakfast rood, .pk? 5 C
The pnaular ba'cy food. TUg. 15c.
LIQUORS.
Private Stock Port Wine
raL $1.00
Hgtu cclor from agln«. Regular
$1.50. Kxqulsite flavor. 8 years- old,
Aurora Vineyard.
Old Burgundy wine gral. 75c
Dinner win-. Smooth. fragrant.
rl»sr. ii years old. Astl Vineyard,
neg. $1 .00. .
Klpley's Whiskey, .full quart 7~,c
Fine old '"Nik-lit Cap" Bourbon. ile«.
$1.00.
Guinness' Stout doz. SI. 75
Old EnrfUh Toner. Genuine. Keg.
2 52.10.
Sunny Brook Whiskey, cal-5>2.7.*»
Old Handmade Sour Mash. Reg.
$3.$r>. Lars:e«t independent distillery
tn V. S
Holland Gin...snuare bot. 91. OO
Geneva or Amsterdam, black or
•white bottle. 3 bottles make one
gallon. Res- $1.35. Healthful atlm-
Ulant and kidney cur*.
Xaryla&d Club Whiskey. bot. 95c
Maturrr!. bottled and cuaranteed to
be superior to »ny whiskey in Amer-
ica by Cohn. Belt A Co.. Baltimore.
? Md. Pure Rye. Res:. $1.25.
Bass' Ala doz. $1.35
Hair« bottling. Boar's Head brand.
No limit to quantity. This is the
true Incomparable "Ba«s" Bitter.
Buy enourh for a year. Ton will
never duplicate this price. Res. .$2.10
O. P. S. Whiskey, .quart bot. 65c
Red c«d and label. l>trect from the
J cii*ti:i#r»-. Rtr. POc. .