Continued on Paso 2, Column Si
SACRAMENTO. May 19.— It was af- I
ter 10 o'clock this morning when Chair
man Burnett called the convention to j
order, and 'asked whether the commit- j
tee on platform and resolutions was \
ready. to report.; John F. Davis,- chair- j
man of. the committee,', replied that the'
report was ready, but before reading it
he desired to say to the convention that
the committee had been Inundated with
resolutions pertaining to State matters,,
and that : it had been ; decided • to \ table
all such resolutions,'; as the-proper place j
for their consideration would 'be ¦ in ,the;
conventlon to be 'held 'in .-'•> He;
then read' the , report, /which was -• f re- j
qnently interrupted : by -applause. -\ . I
.The section 7 instructing delegates, to i
vote . for President j Roosevelt's | nomina- f
tion . was .greeted with great -applause:
The - report was j adopted- by a* rising
vote.. J, ' ; ".-ii '.-. •' ; .' ¦¦.:. ," ., ;: T -¦-. ". •
> Chairman : Burnett • called ! for; nomina
tions for. fourjdelegates at, large to' the
national convention. ,'. George) Stone '<> of i
San Francisco' moved "that all seconding!
i- ,». iiil i t mi ii r^iiai^Mi i~i rft i ¦T~TYi*^Si|| T *1 ) > *1 t iiif iif ij'i1 IT lit! ""> is>iil i J •
speeches be eliminated. This plan met
with v the approval of • the convention.
, XO3IIXATIOX OF. GOVERNOR.
I^rankH. Short was recognized i and
placed . Governor j George C. - Pardee In
nomination.'; He said: ,< . ->. ¦
¦ 'The agreeable 1 honor has been ' assigned to
me. to place .before this, convention as one of
the ' delegates < at ' large to the ' convention the
name of the Governor of California,- the Hon.
George «C., 'Pardee.;'. Before^ proceeding I desire
to apologize for, an error wnicn ; I ; made . ye*«
Continued on Page . 3, Column 1.
Special Dispatch >. to The . Call. -
Proceedings, of the Representatives of the^ Party- at the Notable Ses
sion Which Is Being .Held: in Gapitalof the;State.
officials say that Northern Morocco is
overrun by brigands,, who' have com
mitted many depredations lately.
Moroccan troops have been operating
against the brigands, but' owing to the
insurrection and state of anarchy ex
isting the troops were unsuccessful.
The locality where the captives have
been, taken Is distinctly under Moor
ifh authority,, neither French nor
Spanish Influence being established
there. • . . ;
LONDON. May 20.— The' Tangier cor
respondent of the Times says; .• • •
"Nows received from Perdicaris and
Variley is to the effect that they were
kept traveling throughout - the entire
night of their capture to the mountains
and will probably be taken further In
land to-night." The event has caused a
panic here and many persons* residing
outside the town are flocking in. The
Moors seem to have lost all fear of the
European powers.'*
ST. LOUIS. May, 19. — The ladles of
the," State delegation of the General
Federation of Women's Clubs kept
open house in the State buildings this
afternoon. The plateau of States was
alive with visiting parties," the most
enthusiastic of ' which probably was
that in the California building, where
between 4 and 6 o'clock visiting Cali
fornia* club women were received by
Commissioner Frank Wiggins and Sec
retary E. B. Willis, assisted by Mrs.
Wiggins, Mrs. Willis, Mrs. G. Hecke,
Mrs. W. H. Weilbye,,Mrs. G. C. Roe
ding and the MissesEdith Barrett and
May Wright. Light'refreshments were
served and music was supplied by the
talented guests.
Commissioner Wiggins and Secretary
Willis, Assisted by Their Wives,
Receive Visitors to Fair. >.\ *".
CLUB WOMEN" ENTERTAINED
AT CALIFORNIA BUILDING
Colorado Woman and Her Son Are
Shot and Killed While Returning
to Their Home.
CORTEZ. Colo., May 19. — When
driving to their home near Arlola last
night Mrs. C. W. Herman and her son,
Frank Ingles, were shot and killed by
Marshall Humphreys, < who. rode into
town and surrendered himself -to the
Sheriff. There had been a feud be
tween the two families..
FA31ILY FEUD • EXDS • .' ;
IN AX. ASSASSINATION
i Boulder Creek, increased from $1000 to $1100;
Dinuba. $1100 to $1200; Los Banos. $1200 to
$1300; Ocean Park. $1500 to $1700; Pacific
Grove. $1800 to $2000; Paso Roblea. , $1500 to
$1000; Placervllle, $1700 to $1800; Pomona,
$2300 to $2400; Randsburg, $1000 to $1100;
Redondo. $1200 to $1400; Sacramento. $3300 to
$3400; San Jaclnto, $1300 to $1400: San Mateo,
$1700 to $1000: Santa Clara, $2000 to $2100;
Sausallto, $1700 to $1SOO; Slason, $14CO to
$1500; South Pasadena. $1500 to $1700; Stock
ton. $3000 to $3100: Truckee. $1700 to $1800;
Upland. $13U0 to $1500; W1IUU, $1300 to $1500:
Crescent City. $10CO to $1100; Eastland, $1500
to $1700; Newman. $1300 to $1400; Oxnard.
$1800 to $1000; I Palo Alto, ?2-'(K) to $2300;
Petaluma. $23CO to $2400; Point Richmond.
$1200 to $1400;,PortervilIe, ?1700 to $1SOO: Red
Bluff. $2100 to $2200; Redwood City. $1600 to
$1700; Sanger. $1200 to $1300; San Leandro.
$1400 to $1500: San Pedro, $1600 to $1800;
Santa Monica. $1800 to $2000; Sebastopol, $1400
to $1500- Soldiers' HT>me. $1000 to $1100; Stan,
ford University $1700 to $1SOO: Susanville.
$1200 to $1300; Tulare. $1700 to StSOO;-Whit
tier. $1700 to $1900; Yuba City. $1300 to $1400.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— The First
Assistant Postmaster General an
nounced to-day th^ following ad
ditional readjustment of salaries of
postmasters in California offices:
Work of Readjusting Pay Rolls Is Still
hi Progress at Washington and
California!!* Are Benefited.
MANY. MORE POSTMASTERS
HAVE SALARIES INCREASED
INTERESTING ADDRESSES MADE
BEFORE CONVENTION AU DIENCE
. tSACRAMENTO, May 19.— The harmony in the Republi
can State Convention was so well sustained throughout all
the deliberations of the body that there Is talk of transfer
ing the World's Congress of Peace from The Hague to Sac
ramento. • . ¦
The convention adjourned sine die this forenoon. Judge
'A. G. Burnett of Santa Rosa, the ; presiding officer, was
thanked collectively and separately • for keeping the. peace.
Blessed are the peacemakers, and every one ought to know
what they shall Inherit. ... : . .'" . : -
In proposing the names of Governor George C.Pardee,
John D. Spreckels, J. W.- McKlnley and George A. Knight
for delegates at large to the National Republican .Conven
tion,, able and dignified speeches were made by Frank H.
Short of Fresno, M. L. iWard of San Diego,' and Senator
Thomas H. Selvage and Judge G. "W. Hunter of Humboldt.
D. W. Burchard of San Francisco in original and happy
style nominated A. Ruef as alternate for. John D. Spreck
els. Cordial and prolonged applause of the ' convention
signified to. Mr. Ruef that the delegates who had observed
his youthful aspect and jaunty style desired to hear him
talk. He gratified the desires of his fellow Republicans
in a speech of appropriate brevity and extreme f»licity.
No. one disturbed the peace. Seme of the delegates
were reminded of -the zeal of new converts, while others
quoted the, familiar adage concerning the ' lamp ~ and the
sinner. r ; ¦.. j'^ ;.¦¦-¦: . • .', ¦. •' ¦¦¦'• . . • ..'¦-. . . •
i The announcement was made that all the delegates
from California to. the Republican . National 'Convention
would ; meet at the Palace Hotel, Jan \ Francisco, next Sat
urday' forenoon*. . Topics !' relating to' the route ~ot travel
to. Chicago and' subjects pe'rtaining to rules of action' may
be' discussed. '' ) '"' "..',"* *
•'; The duty of appointing an executive committee of twen
ty-one members to assist the' State Central 1 Committee In
conducting; the affairs of the campaign- devolves, upon
'Judge; Burnett, 'chairman of the. convention. : " In duetime
he will -'the names. Shortly after the announce
ment the committee will' select some one to"' be known as
chairman of the 1 Republican State Committee.
Peace and National Progress
Is Desi re of the Party.
GOSHEN. 5 N. Y., May 19.— Mrs.
Wright, a widow who for years con
ducted a stationery business in New
York City and who, is -said to possess
considerable means, will leave this
week for Oakland,' Cal;, to wed
Charles E. Wright. Jr., a motorman.
Mrs. Wright is young-.and charming
and has three children. Her pros
pective'husband,* who is no relation, is
a native of this village. He Went to
New York several, years ago and was
employed on a Broadway line. Then
he obtained a» position' , in Mrs.
Wright's store and -worked for her
three years. When he left for Cali
fornia It was with the- understanding
that she would soon follow him.
Will Leave Her Home in the East This
Week to Join Her Prospective
If tisband. " i
WEALTHY WIDOW TO WED
AX OAKLAND MOTORMAN
PROMINENT REPUBLICANS WHO TOOK AN ACTIVE l PART ; IN. THE PROCEEDINGS- OF THE REPUBLICAN STATECON
VENTION WHEN'THE. REPRESENTATIVES OF THE, PARTY NAMED THE DELEGATES TO THE . SESSION ,; OF THE
NATIONAL POLITICAL LEADERS IN AN EASTERN METROPOLIS.. I J
SAN MATEO, Mav 19.— Mrs.. Green,
wife of J. C. Green, and her sister.
Miss Gibbons, had ' a marvelous escape
from death here, this morning while
driving on B street in a low back open
buggy.
A runaway horse attached ' to a
wagon came upon them and instead of
going around their • buggy, which had
drawn to one side, the maddened ani
mal leaped directly, upon top of them,
dragging the wagon.
The first stroke of the animal's hoofs
tore away the seat and the next in
stant the buggy was overturned and
for several . seconds the unfortunate
women were, struggling beneath both
vehicles.
Then both horses dashed away, leav
ing the injured women lying under a
laprobe. Those who witnessed the af
fair, and rushed to the rescue expected
that both women were killed outright,
but they had escaped death. Dr. Nor
ris, who attended them, found that no
bores were broken, but the shock and
bruises will confine them to their
homes for some time. Miss Gibbons
was painfully injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Among the losses were about $10,000
worth of Jewels, chiefly diamond orna
ments of MrsV Turner*. , A- guard has
been placed around the grounds to
protect it from possible thieves^search
ing in the ruins for valuables. Turner
had Just completed numerous" improve
ments and interior decorations for the
house and grounds, which made it one
of the most luxurious homes in San
Mateo. He will probably rebuild a new
and more elegant mansion. \ • '
The origin of the fire is not .known,
but it is supposed to have been caused
by a wire, as itstarted In the garret.
SAN MATEO, May 19— The fine man
sion of Thomas R. Turner, the capital
ist and oIL operator, was destroyed by
fire this afternoon. The loss is about
$20,000 and the property ¦ was partially
insured.
Special Dispatch to The ' Call,
Mling Accident on
a Street in San
Mateo. "
Disastrous Fife, at
a San Mateo
Residence.
MAD HORSE
DASHES ON
TWO WOMEN
RICH GEMS
ARE LOST
IN FLAMES
It is affirmed that, the British and
United States Governments have be
gun negotiations with Fraissouli, and
that they are asking the French Gov
ernment to ask for the protection of
the prisoners. "European residents ex
pect that France will send warships
here immediately, but In consequence
of the native feeling, such a step would
be likely to arouse anger.
PARIS. May 19. — The French Gov
ernment has not received a report of
the capture of Perdicaris and Variley
by the brigands near Tangier. The
Fraissouli has notified Mohamed El
Torres, the representative at Tangier
for .foreign affairs of the Sultan of
Morocco, that he requires the removal
of th* Sultan's troops from his dis
trict, the removal of the Governor of
Tangier and the release of a number
of imprisoned bandits. When these
conditions are complied with Fraissou
1: will notify Mohamed El Torres of the
course he proposes to pursue with the
captives.
Fraissouli, who is already more than
twenty hours' march from Tangier
with his prisoners, has announced that
he will impose further conditions for
their release
Perdicaris, who Is 70 years old, is In
ill health.
Perdlcaris is of Greek origin, but is
a naturalized citizen of the United
States. He is very wealthy and has
lived in Tangier for years. He married
an English woman; whose eon Is his
companion in captivity.
Foreigners are much excited by this
bold raid so near Tangier, and attri
bute it to the supineness of the Gov
ernment in failing to punish the ban
dits, who last year captured Walter B.
Harris, the correspondent in Morocco
of the London Times, and their fail
ure to deal with general lawlessness.
FRAISSOULI NAMES TERMS.
This means that the United States
and Great Britain expect the Sultan to
pay a ransom, should FraLssouli de
mand it, and there should be afforded
no other way to save the lives of the
captives. It is expected that two or
three days will bring forth a demand
for a ransom from the bandits, accom
panied by the usual alternative that
the captives will be shot at a certain
lime unless the price of liberty is forth
coming. The case is not unlike that of
Miss Ellen Stone, the missionary who
was kidnaped in Bulgaria.
TANGIER, Morocco, May 19.— An
American citizen named Perdicaris and
his stepson, a British subject, were car
ried off by the bandit Fraissouli 'and his
followers last night and doubtless will
be held for a heavy ransom. The cap
tives were staying at Perdicaris' sum
mer residence, only three miles from
Tangier, when the bandits attacked
and captured them.
Gummere, upon being informed of
the outrage, conferred with the British
Minister, who also had been appealed
to. They acted with great prompti
tude. Deeming the Government re
sponsible for such a violation of public
Kecurity, they at once sent a runner to
request the Sultan's deputy to accede
to the demands of the brigands and at
once obtain the release of the prison
ers.
PROMPT ACTION OF CONSUL.
The State Department was advised of
the kidnaping in a dispatch received
this morning from Gummere.' He
jsiated that Perdicaris and his stepson,
an Englishman named Variley, were
seated in the dfawing-room of their
bummer house, three miles from Tan
gier, when the place was raided by
brigands. The two men were seized
and carried way. The women of the
party were left terror stricken behind.
In all probability Rear Admiral
Chadwick will Bend the Atlanta ahead
to report to the Consul.
'CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. Slav 19.— As a result
of the kidnaping of Perdicaris, an
American citizen, and his stepson by
Moroccoan brigands, an American war
rtiip'wili be frowning on Tangier by
May 2% and on May 20 an entire
squadron will be there to give force to
the jiemand of United States Consul
Gummere that the Sultan obtain the
release of Perdicaris and his stepson.
Orders were sent from the Navy De
partir.ent to Canary Islands directing
Keur Admiral Chadwick, commander
in chief of the South Atlantic squad
run, now en route to the Canaries, to
etnd one ship immediately to Tangier
and to follow with the remainder of
the scuadron. The squadron left San
Juan several dais ago and is due at
the Canaries on May 24 — two ships to
lenerifte and two to Las Palmas. The
squadron consists of the armored
cruiser Brooklyn, the protected cruiser
Atlanta and the gunboats Castine and
Marietta.
gpecial I>i£j>atch to The Call.
Miss Lefevre claims that Mrs. Speck
man picked up a butcher knife and that
she used the scissors • to defend her
self. This knife was ftnnd by the po
lice and has been booked as evidence.
Beth has lived long at the Cole street
number. Some time ago Miss Lefevre
became, he says, his housekeeper. Mrs.
Speckman smiles when the title of a
menial is given the other woman. She
asserts that her father is in love with
the fair Miss Lefevre and that the two
have been living together. Although
Mrs. Speckman lives with her husband.
Richard Speckman, who is connected
with poolrooms in Sausalito. she re
sented the companionship of her father
and the other wgman. Many spirited
Interviews have taken place between
Beth and his daughter, but they ac
complished little, and life went on in
the same old way. Miss Lefevre re
maining In the Cole-street home and
Beth sanctioning her sojourn.
DAUGHTER CE-VSCRES FATHER.
Mrs. Speckman says she -often re
monstrated with her parent. She
begged him to abandon the woman and
turn her from his door. He remained
obdurate In his determination to have
his sweetheart with him and when the
pleadings of his daughter became irk
some to him he ordered her to cease.
Her persistency finally became unbear
able to the Louvre proprietor and it
ended* in the father disowning his
daughter, so the latter says, that he
might escape the frown of her disap
proval. This last act only served to fire
Mrs. Speckman to a Intense
loathing for Miss Lefevre until their
meeting yesterday seemed inevitable.
Mrs. Speckman did not want to dis
cuss many of the details that led up
to the encounter. In the statement she
made to the police she avers that she
went to the home of her father for the
purpose of securing 1 some trinkets she
had left there. She was met at tha
door by Miss Lefevre, who refused her
admittance. When she attempted to
force her way to one of the interior
rooms, she claims Miss Lefevre at
tacked her with a pair of scissors. A
struggle followed In which she threw
her father's friend to the floor and dis
armed her. Then she says Miss Le
fevre startedfto run away and she
threw the scissors after her. She de
nies that she had a weapon of any
kind.
The stories of tse women regarding
the commencement of the affair vary
greatly. Each blames the other and
each would have it understood that
she herself was on the defensive. Just
who struck the first blow is a matter
for the courts to determine, and this
will be done, if possible, at the pre
liminary examination of Mrs. Speck
man.
The women attacked each other with
the ferocity of tigers and it is strange
that, murder was not done. The evi
dence of war was In the rooms. Chairs
were disarranged and furniture over
turned. The appearance of the women
with their faces torn, hair matted with
gore and bodies bruised and cut told
better than any words what had oc
curred when rage and Jealousy over
whelmed them and they matched their
strength. Then, when they were sepa
rated and they stood facing each other,
their bitterness was not allayed. Even
on the way to the hospital with a po
liceman between them they displayed
vlndlctlveness of an order not to be
mistaken.
Daughter and sweetheart fought a
fierce duel yesterday afternoon for
the affection of Adolph H. Betlu one
of the proprietors of the Old Louvre
cafe, in the latter'* home at 799 Cole
street. The daughter of the restau
rant man was Mrs. Anna Speckman,
who figured in the sensational mur
der of a former husband in Alamed;i
about five years ago. In yesterd iy's
battle she was armed with a large
knife. Miss Clara Lefevre. who ttnds
shelter under Beth's roof, chose as her
weapon a pair of scissors. Bitter Jeal
ousy animated the daughter. She had
tried in vain to rid her father of her
adversary's companionship. When all
remonstrance failed she gave vent to
her passion and the fight was on. It
ended in a call for the ambulance and
the removal of both women to the
Park Emergency Hospital. Later Mrs.
Speckraan was taken to the City Pris
on and booked on a charge of as
sault to commit murder. The com
plainant was her father.
In the dining-room of the Beth horns
the two^women met. Anger and hatred
surged in both hearts and words were
as fragile as straws in settling the dif
ferences between them. No one wit
nessed the combat until its force* had
been spent and the two principals were
exhausted and making but a feeble ef
fort to continue it. While it lasted,
however. It was terrific, as the blood
spotted walls testified.
A BLOODY BATTLE.
Is Held Responsible for the Carrying
Off of Rich Citizen to Be Held
for Ransom.
Mrs. Anna Spackman and Miss Clara
Lefevre Slash Each Qjher in Horns
of Adolph H. Beth.
* Moroccoan Government Will
Be Compelled to Obtain
His Release.
Large Knife and Scissors
the Chosen Weapons in
Bloody Fight.
Kidnaping of Ameri
can Citizen to Be
Avenged.
Daughter and House
keeper Battle in
Room.
SQUADRON
IS ORDERED
TO TANGIER
TWO WOMEN
ENGAGE IN
SHARP DUEL
REPUBLICAN MEMBERS IN THE STATE CONVENTION
ACT HARMON IOUSLY AND INDORSE THE PRESIDENT
VOLUME XCV— XO. 172.
Er-a rranclsco and vicJalty—
TilIt Tri&ay, wtmer; Uarnt
north wind*, chan^lnjf to fresh.
trecterly.
A. O. McADX£»
District Porecarter.
Tc recast m1e at Saa Fran
cisco fcr tilrtytonrs eadlay
oiitaiytt. Kay 20:
THE WEATHEE.
Alcazar— "Cclinette.
•California — "Our STe-w Minister. 1
Central — "Down 1)7 the Sea."
Chutes — Vaudeville. /
Columbia— "Old Heidelberg."
Grand — "Enprew Theodora."
Orphcnxn — Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "A Bnaaway Girl/*/-*.'.
THE T2SATS3L8*
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, ; FRIDAY, -MAY 20, 1904.- "Dutch" Henry, now. leader of the
Jones gang, was pursued yesterday by
Canadian mounted police, who caught
him On their side of the line,. but he i
escaped, after, a running' fight- .The,,
police' believe Henry was wouridedr
The deputies on the American side
have taken up his trail. ' . i
CULBERTSON. . Mont:, May 19. —
"Kfd" Trailer, a member of, the noto
rious Jones gang of outlaws, has been
taken prisoner by a deputy sheriff and
is here in jail. Trailer is the man
whonv Jones rescued from deputies
about three -months ago. Jones was
shot shortly, afterward in a pitched
battle.
"Kid" Trailer, Who Was Rescued
From Deputies Three Months Ago,
Is Again Taken Prisoner.. ,j
MEMBER OF JONES GANG
OF OUTLAWS/ IS CAPTURED
STOCKTON, "May 19.— Reginald
Heber Webster and Miss Clara Amelia
Neill, both of San Francisco, were
united in marriage by Justice Parker
this afternoon. The license was issued
shortly before noon, the groom giving
his age as 46 and the bride'p asX45.
The bride Is a sister-in-law of ex-Gov
ernor James H. Budd. They requested
that the wedding be "kept a secret. .
Reginald Webster mid Miss Clara A.
Neill Wed lrrSan Jouquin
r v County.
FORMER SUPERINTENDENT
V ' OF SCHOOLS MARRIES
PARIS, ? May 19.-— The • Parliamen
tary Commission on' the budget was
selected to-day. It contains an anti-
Combes majority. This is considered
to be a reverse for the Premier, which
will probably lead to a renewal of the
dlscusgion of his retirement. The
president of the commission is M.
Doumer, formerly Governor General
of French Indo-China, the chief op
ponent of M. Combes, who is expected
to form a Cabinet In the event of M.
Combes* withdrawal.
' Commission on tli6
Budget Is Selected With an Anti-
Coriibcs Mttn as President. .
FRENCH 'PREMIER MAY ". ;;
DECIDE' TO WITHDRAW
WASHINGTON. May 19. — China
has been informed that the Washing
ton Government claims the right to
dispatch warships not only to those
Chinese ports declared by treaty to be
open to the world, but also upon the
inland waters of China, wherever
Americans may be and where there Is
a treaty with China by which they are
authorized to engage In business or
reside for the purpose of spreading
the gospel.
America Will Send Warships Wher
ever Interests of Our Citizens
Are Endangered.
CLAIMS RIGHT TO USE
ALL CHINESE WATERS
ST. LOUIS, May" 19.'— The late "Dr.
Washington West's will; which was
contested on the ground that before
his death he had nought to revoke the
will by running pencil marks through
his signature, hag been .admitted to
probate by Probate Judge Crews. Dr.
West died suddenly August "7, 1903,
leaving an estate valued at $200, 000.
Judge Crews holds that- although
the pencil marks indicated that the
testator had intended revoking the
will he had not carried his- intention
far enough to justify a legal ruling to
that effect. .- ¦ , ..
The will bequeathed $750 to . his
housekeeper, Miss Maude Josephson;
$100 to- his sister, ' Mrs.' Martha E.
Bell of Berkeley, Gnl.; one-half ;of Ihe
remainder to be held In trust for the
Southern Presbyterian church and the.
other half to be divided equally among
a number of* relatives.
Mrs. Martha E. Bell of Berkeley JLs
Cut Off With One Hundred , -
Dollars. i
PROBATE- COURT SUSTAINS
THE WILL OF DR. WEST
'""INDMNAPOLIS. Ind., May 19.—
The present administration of the In
ternational Typographical Union was \
Indorsed by the membership of the
crafr In Wednesday's election and
James M.- Lynclv w*s re-elected by tl»e.
majority of. between 3000and 5000. J.
W. Bramwdod ; was elected to succeed
himseff as secretary by a majority es- j
timnted at- between 12,000 and 15,000.
C v E.. Hawkes , of Chicago, once vice
president,'' opposed " J^ynch and in the
larger ditle^-^Citacirinatl, Washington,
Indianapolis', Netv ¦•"¦York, Philadelphia j
and 'others^-he Either defeated Lynch
or was outvoted by a small majority.
In th'e'.smniKlocals;- however, Lynch
was supported 'heavily. :
"vThe- union numbers 46,000 members
a;t •present.* ; _,,•/..:<.
¦T,he. fight. agafnst Bramwood was on
the. same .lines and was made by W.
Al.Graham of SjijJfJBeph. !
tional Btjdy Is Indorsed by Major
ity of Members.
Present Administration of Interna-
LYNCH IS RE-ELECTED • >
BY TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION
WASHINGTON, D. C. May l?.—Post
masters commissioned: F. L. Glass.
Martinez; Charles H. Anson, Monrovia,
Cal.
Orders War Department: Captain E.
L. Munson. assistant surgeon, now at
San Francisco, is relieved from further
duty with the Philippines division and
will proceed to Fort Bayard. N. M.
Second Lieutenant S. C. Cardwell, ar
tillery corps, now on leave at Louis
ville. Ky.. will proceed to Columbus
Barracks. Ohio, for assignment to duty
with a detachment of recruits to be
•sent to Fan Francisco, and upon tue
completion of his duties with the re
cruits he will join his proper station.
Navy orders: Lieutenant A. N.
Mitchell goes to the Independence, at
the Navy Yard. Mare Island. June 3.
Gunner G. G. Neumann is detached
from the Wyoming to go to the Pensa
<:oia Naval Training Station. San Fran
cisco.
War and Navy Department)* Issue Or
ders and Minor Changes Are Made
fn the Postal Service. r.
OF INTEREST TO PKOPIiE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
¦ Mrs. Speckman -was cut on the left
hand and breast by the scissors, and
Miss Lefevre, whose wounds are of a
more serious nature, had both hands
cut and two deep stabs on the back
of the head. The injuries were treated
by Dr. Emmal. Soon after Mrs: Speck
man's arrest she was released. on $100
cash bail. , Beth appeared as complain
ant In the matter of the arrest and was
the person who had his daughter
placed in prison.
Mrs. Speeki::an was formerly Mrs.
William F. Mantell. She married Man
tell on November 3, 1898, in this city,
and on December 1 of the same year
shot and killed him attthe <*mier of
Santa Clara and Union streets, Ala
fneda.* Intmediately after the tragedy
WOUNDS ARK SERIOUS.
While the battle was in progress Beth
arrived home. He heard the sculile and
hurried to the room where the , war
raged. There he # disarmed and parted
the pair of angered women and called
in the police. • Policeman Charles Clea
rer of the Park Station arrived with
the ambulance and conveyed the bruis
ed and bleeding women to the hospital.
The condition of Miss Lefevre is not
consistent with the statement of Mrs.
Speckraan that the former was simply
struck and cut by a pair of sci3sors
hurled after her, for she is gashed in
many places. ' ....
Continued' From Page 1, Column 7.
Al Kelly, who was formally pitcher
for the San .Francisco baseball team,
was arrested last evening arid charged
with assault with a deadly weapon.
The complainant was Gertie Neal, a
young woman who hails from Mar
tinez. Miss Xeal says that Kelly ap
proached her at the corner of Mis
sion arid Third streets and slashed her
across the chin and nose with a razor-
But Annie Doherty, a young woman
who was with Miss Neal, Bays that the
assault took place in a saloon at Min
na and Third. The police are not sat
isfied with the statements and after
Kelly had been. locked up they started
an investigation. No report on the
case was made up to the hour of go
ing to press. • ¦
Slashes Woman With Razor.
she placed the pistol against, her own
head and. pulled the trigger. The
wound, however, was not serious, and
she recovered a short time later. At
the trial she put up a defense that
reeked of abuse during her short mar
ried career, saying that she was in
fear of her life when she fired thejfatal
shot. After a time she/ was given her
freedom and returned to this city. She
was then but 20 years of age, and v her
parents, residing at 816 Filbert street,
did not . even know of the marriage.
Recently, she wedded Speckman and
has since been living with him at Sau
salito. . .
TWO WOMEN WHO WERE THE PRINCIPALS IN. A FIERCE DUEL FOUGHT
WITH A CARVING KNIFE AND A PAIR OF SCISSORS AND THE INDI
RECT CAUSE OF THE SANGUINARY COMBAT.
UKIAH. May 19.— Henry Hutala of West
port was drowned In Eel River last week while
trying to cross it on a raft. The raft parted
In -mldEtream and dropped him Into the water.
The body was found several miles down
stream.
ST. LOUIS, May 19.— The National
Editorial Association held its final ses
sion this afternoon. The forenoon was
devoted to addresses and the afternoon :
to election of officers and the comple
tion of routine business. *C'>' ;
Colonel - Henrv Watterson of ¦ Louis
ville, on "The Editorial Page," said, in
part: . .
The editorial page is valuable In the degree
that It aids the reader to digest the news. It
should either b« reformed or abandoned. Un
der a certain opell which has crept upon the
modern newspaper It is becoming, if it has not
already become,- a rather useless appendage — '
not even ornamental. I
Disinterestedness- being the soul, good humor
is the solar system of the editorial page, which
should be held subject to these precepts:
Write of a man nothing you would not say'
to his face and might not say in the hearing of
decent people. ' . . ¦ • ¦ , ' ~ '-
..Avoid equally intimation . and Intimidation,
making no^ suggestion you are not prepared to
reduce to assertion and to sustain with proof.
The "leading article," being the rationale of
the most Important and interesting piece of the
day's news, should have a beginning, a middle
and an end; should be concise and Incisive,
seeking to assist tne reader, In hi* effort to
comprehend the situation.
| Satire should keep within the bounds of ' the j
probable; wit under the restraint of sense, and
even Invective — shorn of adjective and adverb. .
and stripped " to the waist — should strike out
from the shoulder to hit only above the belt. i
The pert paragraph should be allowed to die 1
a natural death: No flowers.
The editorial page thus conceived and exe- |
cuted. thu3 Inspired and partitioned, could not ;
fall to Impress Itself upon the thought of the
time, at once a power and a feature, an arm
of the service and a commercial asset.
Following Colonel Watterson, Homer
Davenport . delivered a/i address on I
Following the Council o'f Ministers.
Foreign Minister Delcasse telegraphed
to M. Nisard. asking for full details Qf
the protest pent by the Pope to the
foreign powers. It Is expected that the
answer will Dermlt final action to be
taken on his recall within a day or
two.
PARIS. May 19.— The Council of Min
isters assembled in extraordinary ses
sion to-day to consider the action to
be taken relative to the Pope's protest
against President Loubefs visit to
Rome. As the version of the protest
forwarded to the governments having
relations with the Vatican differ from
that forwarded to the French Govern
ment, it was decided to first ascertain
definitely what representations th«»
Vatican made to the foreign govern
ments. The Council also agreed on the
steps to be, taken when the exact char
acter of the protest is ascertained.
The recall of Nisard. the Embassador
of France to the Vatican, has been de
cided upon, if the authenticity of the
protest "forwarded to the foreign pow
ers is established. This practically aa
sures the Embassador's recall, as little
or no doubt exists relative to the pro
test. • '«
It is stated in official circles that the
recall of M. Nisard does not mean the
complete severance of diplomatic rela
tions with the Vatican, but the in
definite suspension of M. Nisard's ser
vice. Besides an Embassador, France
has a Minister at the Vatican. Count de
Navenne. who will continue to carry
out formal business.
"The Cartoonist and the Press," which
he illustrated with many humorous
cartoons. At the afternoon session 5100
was appropriated to the fund for a
monument over the grave of Bill Nye.
Officers were elected, including Major
W. W. Screws of Alabama, president.
The convention adjourned to meet next
year at Guthrie, Okla.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti. May 19.—
Dominican Government troops, com
manded by General Raoul Cabrera, and
Dominican revolutionary troops, led by
General Pellco Lasala and" other gen
erals, met recently at Guayacanes,
Santo Dominlco. midway between San
tiago de los Caballeros and Monte
Cristl. In the fighting which followed
the Government forces had thirty men
killed or wounded, and the revolution
ists lost heavily. ,
A convoy conveying 20,000 cartridges
from Puerto Plato . , to President
Morales' forces fell into the hands of
the Dominican insurgents. *
TURKS ISLAND, Bahama. May 19.—
Advices from San Domingo announce
severe fighting at Navarto on May 14.
The Government troops were defeated,
losing fifty-four men killed and sixty
seven wounded. i \
Convoy Conveying Cartridges
to Morales' Forces Falls
Into Hands of Insurgents
Colonel Henry Watterson of
; liOuisyille Speaks on the
Value of .Editorial Page
The final speech was made by A.
Monproflt, correspondent of Le Figaro,
Paris.
At the conclusion of the address Sir
Hugh Gilzean Reid of London, pres
ident of the press parliarhent, was in
troduced by Chairman King as presid
ing officer of the convention. He was
applauded and spoke briefly. The con
vention adjourned until to-morrow
morning. v ";r:
With there miraculous facilities, with this
unlimited power, comes also an enormoug re
epcnt=lbility In the face of God and man. I
am not here to preach to you a Bosnel whose
le»;sons are known to you far better than to
me. I am not calling sinners to repentence,
but I am following a good tradition in stirring
up the pure minds of the righteous by way
of remembrance. It is well for us to reflect
on the' vast Import,' the endless chain cf' re
eulttt, of that globe-encircling speech you ad
dress each day to the world. Your winged
words have no fixed flight; like the lightning,
tlH-y traveree the ether according to laws of
their own. They lljrht in every clime; they
Influence i thousand different varieties of
mind* and manners. How vastly important
Is It, then, that the sentiments they convey
st:r*uld be tho*? of good will rather than of
malevolence, those of national .concord rather
than of prejudice, those of peace rather than
ol hostility. The temptation to the contrary
Is almost irresistible. I acknowledge with
ccntrltlon how often I have fallen by the way.
It is far more amusing to attack than to
defend, to excite than to soothe. But the
highest victory of great power is that of self
restraint, and It would be a beneficent result
of this memorable meeting, thta ecumenical
ccundl of the pres?. If It taught us all— the
brethren of thi» mighty priesthood — that mu
tual knowledge of each other which should
midtfy prejudice*, restrain acerbity of thought
and expression, and tend In some degree to
brlr.ff In that blessed time . " . . •¦ :
"When light shall spread and man be Uker man
Through all the seasons of the golden year."
Livii noii;: oi iue arts or prolessions has
th«.- ircnitnuous acx-elpraticn. of profensM in ie
ctiit years haa more enect than Upon that of
union you are the representatives. We easily
«n,w until to miraclcu; it- will seem a inem
commonplace when 1 bay thut all the wonders
ot me magician* invented i> tnosu ln^eniou»
Urlctital iNjrts who wrote the Arabian Nights
pale bc-iure me etu]>«naous lans which you
nandle in your daily UVes. The air hab Klictf
ly ceastd to vibrate with the utten^icet) of
kin^s and rulers In the older realms when
in<;.i- words aj-e read. In fhe streets yi St. 1-ouia
ana on the larms ol' Nebraska. The' ulegrapn
is tco -jukl. lcr the calendar; you mby read
In your evening' paper a dlfpatch- irom the
Antiiiodca with a date of the lollowinu day.
'in.- details 01 a battle on the shores of tue
Hermit Kingdom — a land which a few year*
ago was hidden in the mists of legend— are
printed and commented on before the blood of
the wounded has ceased to flow. Almost be?
tore th« gmeke of the conflict has lined we
read the obituaries of the un*epultured dead.
And not only do you record with the swiftness
of thourht these incidents of war and vio
lence, but the daily victories of truth over
error, of li^ht over darkness; the spread of
commerce In distant seas, the inventions of
Industry, the discoveries of science, are all
placed Instantly within the knowledge of mil
irons. The seeds of thought, perfected in one
climate, bloepom and fructify- under every
sky. in every nationality which the sun visits.
WIELDS UNLIMITED POWER.
'inib. tuii.ei.icii, is the, lesson .which we an
caneu to evni<-n.p;au amid tnu c'ouits amr the
i-ai.»c»:s til- titts:' univtruit cxhttntioii: Tnaj.
MttkB a nation exitis, tounu=u in riKhtcoUe-
AeSa and ju.-ucc. wnose object 'and purposes
«"• the vvniaie ct .humanity, lae mings WI114.I.
r.iiKe lor its trottui and. lfi>; incicau: oL-it^
iwwpr, ?»> ions ae it Is- iiu= to' mm lueals, ait
eute to coai«? to i>es£, no ictattfr unui political
iiK'ur.ti! c»r iniiiviuual bCiitmients tetaiiu in the
*al'.- The cuiotiicji good will . ultimately ¦ pre
\ai«. though it •'inocic the rfflmi^ri^ ul the
wjsc ana tr.e valor ol the brave." . \ know
wumX w.ait« may lie in thm -idea — how It may
t>^r\e ae tbe cry 01 uemasogueii aud the pic
t< xx. Mr a«i»otB. b>- unto tne list ion wuuli
tuuutrt it: i>ut Miaine and niaa>it r is> Html
tn«r portion ol thi-se who lear lo lollow its
luuiuiuUtt Dt>hconie^.
Mure important tban the inrnji-rtie material
increase in u»c tiltni anu re*vuree« of the new
t«-l>ut>iiC wajs uu«t «.aLhoi>&r.mcLiL vi tfi* prin
cipie. ihus eauy in us, careei, . mat it v.a*
'.ii ur-suiue no misriur (.-osiucu u, ultier nations
ill Jib power to acquire teilllory, to extend us
uinuei.ut — in short, 10 oo ah mat any inac
l*-nuer.i, beu-retpfctinjr power might oo wnii-h
was :;i iccord with . puolic rrnniws, cooductve
to the fctjeriil -.\t-nar<- and not yiohibitta by
the constltuiicn. '1 hough tne reuciuuti* udieU
to etanrmat mis great opportunity ana uicn-b y
brougiit uj*on tfteir party an lliau of woe*, the
1'rttcueni i.i. •! t>ccn a*.-t ior aii tuiii- lor their
bkeocMoni rne nation haa outgrown its
fcWaouiint.' clotnes. t^ven the must impassioned
ujx-Miit.- oi fcinct (.onstruotiun ielt this mne
.vi;at :t Was liie letter lhal. KUU-tii auu .Hie
spirit that givelh luk'. ' 'lh« nation moved on
us lrr.iniial coul^c. ibe new chart und coni
pats here in oLr hanaa. The national prin
ciple "iiri- i-staDii*heU, other thinga v.cre nat
uiaily auuea unto us. l^wlii and Clarke, lol
loMiiit; and lliusuattng the sreat ia*v ol we«-
BTtjr MUszmttuQ, j'Ufcliuj tnrough the •.vliderne'sb
uiiu' p.anieu our Uni.trs by tne »hor«s 01 me
pfUCriM tea. in iliu provisos ot Jeais nx,,.
ana tne wiue expanse oi Mew llex.co came id
H». and t an: i-ii: ia, uiinsing a oowtr ot the
ommit.-fe£ OCberi tuat ior unknown ages hiiu
\«rintu tietr jiUjs. i.Ttn me tliuns ol tin; ocean
cv.u.d not loin chock the eafcie «n him mai-
VdOUa Ili^ht. The isles ol the utUI'ino&t a«-a£
became Ins *teppn.g-tionei».
The principal speaker of the even
ing was next introduced— John Hay,
becreiary or State, wau came as me
omeiai representative of President
iioi>seveli 10 atienu the convention.
Secretary nay was greeted with a
salute oi applause. After referring to
the Louisiana purchase, Secretary xiay
said:
-' ST. LOUIS, May 19.— Amid gorgeous
surroundings, with cascades pouring
their torrents down the waterways into
the lagoon and thousands of electric
bulbs illuminating the scene and sil
houetting the -Ivory white buildings, of
the exposition against the dark of
night, the World's Press Parliament
convened to-night in Festival Hall.
Thousands of visitors thronged the
terraces, the steps and the esplanade
at the foot of Festival Hall and a
steady stream pressed toward the' en
trance of the great white. domed build
ing seeking entrance. But the majority
was doomed to disappointment, for the
seating capacity of festival Hall is
:«wi and tne oniy uccreoited delegates
to the press parliament. were admitted
through the double line of Jerterson
guards at the entrance. The conven
tion was called to order by Captain
Henry King, editor of the St. JUouis
Oiobe-Deimxrat and chairman of the
executn e comittee of the parliament.
David R. Francis, president of the
exposition, welcomed the visiting jour
naiists from all parts of the wond to
i he exposition. N
Sfc.CKi.TAKY HAY SPEAKS.
Address as Representative
of President Roosevelt
Secretary Hay Delivers an
Afl-houeh I>pckstader*s destination is
rot knov.n it is presumed that he went
to Now York.
Dockstader with three friends quiet
ly came to town Wednesday and spent
the day preparing for the act they car
ried out this morning. Shortly after
the occurrence the whole party left for
parts unknown.
Major Sylvester. Chief of Police, sent
out . telegraphic inquiries toy several
• ¦lties this evening. among them
New York, and possibly Dockstad
*»r rnay have to make some ex
planations, although it is not thought
probable that any action will be taken
unless the pictures should be exhibited
with the statement that the man who
assisted the negro was actually the
President.
Buttons and photographs have been
freely circulated throughout the South
for the last few months representing
the President at the dinner table with
Booker T. Washington and also the
President and Mrs. Roosevelt dining
at the same board with a negro. On
this account it was easy for many to
believe the incident on the Capitol
plaza was intended to have the same
effect.
Urtanwhile the kinetoscope appa
ratus, which had been set up near the
Washington Ftatue, was working and
a mi.vins picture of the whole scene
was taken. In order to make sure of
the negative, the who!*- act was re
peated and thx-n the party drove away.
By the time the second picture was
niched a large crowd had gathered
about the scene and formed the neces
eaTy background.
The storv soon spread throughout
the city and many people, not know
ing that it was Dockstader himself,
imagined the act was intended to put
the President in the attitude of show
ing over politen«*ss to a negro to em
phasize the Booker Washington dinner
incident for campaign purposes.
i It all occurred Just before S o'clock
this morning. The curtain rose on an
open barouche from which Lew Dock;
stader stepped and immediately fell to
the asphalt. Another open barouche
representing the White House car
riage, horses, coachman and . footman,
drove up and from it stepped a man
resembling Roosevelt. He was dresstd
*in a frt)ck coat and high hat, wore eye
glasses and was otherwise made up
to represent the chief executive. With
the aid «>f his footman he assisted
Doekstader into the 'White House" car
liace, tipped his hat to the minstrel,
off?mi him a cigar, and then drove off
with him.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. May 19.— Lew Dock-
Fiader. a no^ro minstrel, in convention
al burnt cork and exaggerated negro
minstrel £arb; a man made np to rep
resent President Roosevelt, and a mov
ing picture machine were the three
features of a mysterious scene enacted
in front of the Georpe Washington
s--t*tu<? on the east front of the Capitol
to-day.
Sp-H»l ni*j»«tch to The CaU.
Chief Executive Is Repre
• sented as Giving Aid to
an Injured Colored 3Iaii
REPORT OF BIG LOSSES
Recall of the Emlmssador
to the Vatican Is Expected
Within the Next Few Days
AGREE ON A' COURSE
j 3IAN Y NOTED ' VISITORS
DISCUSS 31ANY TOPICS
M( (TO PICTURES TAKEN
Stranjre Scene Is Enacted
Before Statue of Washing
ton in Front of the Capitol
Defeat Government Troops
After Severe Fi^rlitiiisr at
Navarto and Gnayacanes
Elect New Officers of Na
tional Association and Ad
journ to Meet at G-tithrie
' World's Press Parliament
Opens at the Exposition
With Pleasant Ceremony
French Ministers Meet to
' Decide Upon- Action to
Be Taken by Government
REVOLUTIONISTS
ARE VICTORIOUS
EDITORS END
THEIR LABORS
JOURNALISTS
MEET AT FAIR
POPE'S PROTEST
IS CONSIDERED
FAKER POSES
AS PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY -20, 1004
WOMEN'S HATRED RESULTS
IN A TERRIFIC CONFLICT
WASHINGTON, Pa., May 19.— "I
am glad to state that Senator. Quay is
much improved to-day," said Jerome
Quay, the. Senator's brother, 'to-day.
The~"Senator was much 1 more cheerful
and felt bettfer than he had for several
days. . .
-Senator Quay • Is Improving.
2
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c <*3 u s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. Xo Agents.
'.WHAT AN ADVANTAGE
:0NE HAS THESE DAYS.
•STEP INTO OUR SHOP,
GET FITTED WITH CLOTHES.
NO BOTHERSOME TRY-ONS,
NO TAILOR'S ARGUMENT.
ONLY MEN'S . CLONES 'HERE.
K e a r n y. Street
ThuriowBlock
ADVZKTISEMENT8.
D||G|IT BLIND
There's No- Weed -to la San Francisco— '
_ i. Way !• Almost Stedjred
-~ " Witi'Ouide-PoBt*.
Have 1 you 'ever read a newspaper arti-
c'le-^a 'glowing ticctront of some incident
told -.in el U8i,ve. .words to lead you on —
and found. tt ended up with a proprietary
mcdieine-iadvertis^inent? Annoyed you;
didn't 'Jt?' .'Arid -wfere you convinced of
the merit of ,the article? ..We think not,
because 'it told theV experience of some
stranger in- a- far»away town. To take
his word for it was like "going it blind."
It's a vefy different. thing when a state- '
mentals, presqnted. from a citizen, from-
people you know, and that's the case
here. ' -; ' • . . • ¦ . I
: Joseph' P. Jackson of 2 Rose avenue, •
now retired, 'says: ' "Of all the remedies'
I ever .used for "my back and kidneys
none took effect* so promptly or acted so.'
thoroughly as Doan's Kidney Pills. For!
years" I had trouble with my 'back, and.
latterly it ached all the time. ; I dreaded
to stoop on account of the acute twinges
which, shot across- my' loins when I at-
tempted to straighten, and many a; time -
I Iwas . compelled • to . place my hands on
the small of , my : back and prefes them
into my loins for the slight, assistance !
that makeshiftV-afforded. Two boxes, of ¦
Doan's Kidney.' PHls "stopped the' back-,
ache and positively removed other symp- '
tpms of sluggish or over-excited kidneys.'-
I "am onlyVtob' pleased to recommend a
preparation 1 upon which the ¦ public can
rely." =' .'¦£.;
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents..
Foster-Milburn. Co,; Buffalo. N. .Y^sole
agents for ; the United States.
Remember the, name, Doan's, and take •
no substitute. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOAN'S KIDNEY. PILLS.
V/henever you see a statement in our advertisement that /^^^^^^88^^&
goods have been reduced in price from a certain figure, you '^^^^^M^^^k^^^
can. count on the truth of that statement.
If we tell you a price is reduced it is reduced. t ra ISh-^'^r
If we tell you that goods of like quality sell for a third »
more in other stores, you may know, we can prove what jC^^^^^M^^^^^^f^ *
' ' Our statements are made; in good faith, and we want -. ' B^^^^jB^^^^; \ j
them believed because they are true. , »
We place on sale to-day some pretty little blue serge mS^k^^$ ' '^^^^ !
sailors for boys from 3 to S years. . fe^tf^-'SWL /M?gM
Each suit is elegantly trimmed. The serge is fast blue. , : ' \^s^M^^
To give you an idea of the values, we state most em-
phatically that the suits are as good as you see elsewhere at
The goods are on display- in our windows. See the . Wjg& wll
I^L -5/ Our sale of young men's blue serge suits at $6.80 is quite
M^Z a success. It ought to be. We have reduced the suits
' A0; , ' W^teyki Tne reduction should convey an idea as to the values you
f^S^y ; ; S^A|k For further proof look in our ¦ show windows. There
ft iS^N^fc * But a better way is to bring y ° Ur SOn in and try a Suit oa
-^ I -:. ./ T|| him. Then you will realize that you are actually sav-
&^^^^^WJ The suits are made from fast dark blue serge,, in single
B^ifi^^W and double breasted styles, for youths of 12 up to young men
* "^^^S^tM«S . v \ The price has been reduced as we claim. Money back to
an y customer wanting it.
They are just the suits for dress. Do you want one for
l^-v^Mi^ft^-Si^ Wash suits, absolutely fast colors, ages 3 to 10 vears,
|fMt ' :^Mm^S§^ /85C, $1.00 and $1.50. J;
i j Wt$$M> lllKil Khaki suits, made with Norfolk coats and long pants,
$£MisW^ W$i%mj& ¦ Canvas leggins, to wear with khaki suits, 40c a pair.
KS=ftf feSS?| Good steel pocket-knives free with every suit in our boys'
®S8$jf *S|liS and youths' departments.
" ' ?§P * ;s^vS Mw* orders filled for any of these goods — zirite at once.Republican* Are Added to the State
Central Organization'** list.
COMMITTKEMEN NAMED.
cided to have all such matters go to
the August convention, it was not re
ported upon. The explanation was
satisfactory and the request for the
adoption of the resolution by the con
vention was withdrawn by Ruef.
"With a vote of thanks to the people
of Sacramento and Judge Burnett the
convention adjourned sine die with
three cheers for the Republican ticket.
Chairman Burnett asked if there
were any other nominations. The
silence was impressive and the tick of
the clock could be heard. Then as
Secretary Ryan cast the unanimous
ballot of the convention for the nomi
nees a cheer broke forth and echoed
throughout the corridors of the Capi
tol.
Nominations for alternates of dele
gates at large were called for and
Oscar Lawlor placed F. K. Rule of Los
Angeles In nomination as the alter
nate of. Judge McKinley, Frank D.
Ryan named E. A. Forbes of Marys
ville as the alternate for Governor
Pardee, John R. Britton named "W. R.
Porter of Watsonville as the alternate
for George A. Knight and D. W.
Burchard named Abraham Ruef of
San Francisco as the alternate for
John D. Spreckels.
* Chairman Burnett announced that
the delegates to the national conven
tion would meet in the Republican
headquarters in San Francisco at 10
o'clock Saturday morning.
Just prior to adjournment Ruef
called attention to the fact that a reso
lution which had been handed to the
committee had not been reported
upon. It called for the issue of $2.
000,000 in bonds for the purpose of
improving the harbor front of San
; Francisco. Judge Davis as chairman
of the committee stated that as it was
a matter strictly within the State's
province and as the committee had de-
BALIiOT. ON NOMINEES.
pleasure io name aa one of the delegates to
the national convention the Hon. G«orge A.
Knisht. formerly of Humboldt, now of .San
Francisco, but in fact of California, regardless
of locality. ,
The Republicans of the State of California, in
convention assembled, declare their continued al
legiance to the principles and policies of the Na
tional Republican party, under whose guidance and
control the nation has steadily advanced in prosper
ity and greatness until it has become one of the fore
most powers of the world.
We here reaffirm our faith in those principles and
policies. We declare in favor of continued protec
tion to American industry and labor: a sound sys
tem of finance; the building up of an American mer
chant marine, that our carrying trade be under
wir own flag; a navy ample for all purposes of of
fense and defense and its construction in part at
Government navy yards; the immediate construction
of the Panama Canal; the continuance of the policy
of Chinese exclusion; the complete protection of
every American citizen in his constitutional rights
everywhere; the/ improvement of the . navigable
streams of the United States and all necessary ap
propriations therefor, and the policy of national ex
penditures for the preservation of our forests and
the reclamation 'of the arid lands and the work now
being inaugurated by the national administration to
that end. _';:*¦ };¦'/;
These principles and policies we have seen exem
plified and carried out in the supreme statesmanship
and matchless administration now in control of our
national affairs. We have nothing for which to apol-
\Vc cordially acknowledge the, services of our
United States Senators and our Republican delega
tion in the House of Representatives, and we com
mend them all for their faithful and earnest work
in behalf of the best interests of^Californla.
In Theodore Roosevelt we recognize" a fearless
champion of human rights, an intelligent statesman,
a friend of labor, a safe and wise chief magistrate,
a President under whose control the affairs of the
nation have been successfully managed and to whose
care we can and do with all confidence commend the
administration of the Government for the next four
yen re.
We '.therefore instruct the delegates this day
chosen to cast their votes for Theodore Roosevelt of
New York as the nominee of. the Republican party
for President of the United States and to use all
honorable endeavor to secure his nomination.
ogize. "We will take no backward step; we hare only
to go forward. At the end of his first term as Pres
ident, we find the prestige of the nation Increased
and our, principles still emblazoned on the standard
of the party, held high in the stainless hands of
Theodore Roosevelt.
AVe heartily indorse the clean, able nnd business
like management of our State Institutions and of
fices and we congratulate the people of California on
the high character and efficient administration of
i heir Governor, the Honorable George C. Pardec
CALIFORNIA REPUBLICANS' PLATFORM.
The Old THan— Isn't It possible for you
to go to college without having to play
poker, spend money and raise the devil
generally?
The Son— But, governor, I thought
you wanted me to take the regular aca
demic course— Life.
ST. PAUL, Minn., May 19. — Mrs.
Stella Hammond of Seattle, Wash.,
dropped dead here at the home of her
sister, Mrs. J. N. Savard, after th« lat
ter had undergone a dangerous opera
tion for cancer of the stomach. Mrs.
Hammond apparently was in good
health. The nervous strain of assist
ing at the operation is supposed to
have brought on a stroke of apoplexy.
The operation on Mrs. Savard, it is
said, was one of the most difficult In
surgical science and included a re
moval of a part of the patient's stom
ach. Five surgeons worked four
hours to perform the operation.
Seattle Woman Drops Dead nt Home
of Sister After Latter Had Under
gone a Dangerous Operation.
NERVOUS STRAIN CAUSES
FATAL STROKE OF APOPLEXY
NEW YORK, May 19. — A piece of
slate pencil two and a half inches
long and sharpened .to a needle-like
point has been removed from the right
hand of Rosalie Layko, a nine-year
old Brooklyn schoolgirl. The pencil
had been working its way about the
child's body since January last, when
she swallowed it while at play. Ef
forts to remove it from her stomach
then proved of no avail and for sev
eral weeks she has complained of
pains in the side and shoulder. Fin
ally the object moved down through
her arm and caused the hand to swell.
The doctors were greatly astonished
upon applying the lancet and encoun
tering the hard piece of slate. They
say there is no record of so large a
substance passing through the human
body in a similar manner.
Surgeon Removes It From Girl's Hand
Several Months After She Had
Swallowed It.
PIECE OF PENCIL PASSES
THROUGH A CHILD'S BODY
LARAMIE, Wyo., May 19. — The Re
publican State Convention to-day
nominated Hon. B. B. Brooks for Gov
ernor, Hon, F. W. Mondell for Con
gress, Hon. W. C. Irvine for State
Treasurer and Hon. Cyrus Beard for
Judge of the Supreme Court. . J. M.
Wilson, J. W. Crosby and Ora Haley
were chosen Presidential electors.
Senator F. E. Warren, Senator C. D.
Clark, Congressman Mdndell, X. K.
Boswell, J. E. Cosgriff and J. G. Oli
ver were chosen delegates to the Na
tional Convention. E. W. Stone, F. S.
Smith, Melvin Nlchollp, E. W. Burke.
C. H. King and Thomas G. Smith were
chosen alternates.
State Convention at Laramlc.
Republicans of Wyoming; 31eet in
NOMINATE STATE TICKET.
In Appleton, Wis., the Sunday
schools have presented their libraries
to the public library of that city.
It appears that Mr. Carnegie does
not confine his gifts entirely to the
building of library home.". He is now
sending to the various libraries
throughout the world that he has aid
ed a copy of "The Rights of War and
Peace," by Grotius, the distinguished
authority on international law. A
strong opponent of war and a firm be
liever in arbitration, Mr. Carnegie
hopes that the reading of this work
may increase public sentiment In favor
of peace measures.
purposes to various colleges have been
announced from his office. They, range
in amount from 510.000. to $50,000.
The famous Mount Holyoke College 1 of
So.uth Hadley, Mass., is to receive $50,
000 upon the condition that an equal
sum be otherwise raised.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. May 20.— At 1:30 o'clock
this morning the main yard of the
Terry Lumber Company in this city is
burning. The fire started shortly be
fore 1 o'clock and has been most de
structive up to this time, the sheds,
lumber piles and buildings having; fed
the flames. Eight million feet of lum
ber has already gone up in smoke and
the loss will be in the neighborhood of
$100,000. The fire is burning fiercely
and although the wind has abated
somewhat some residences in the vi
cinity are in danger. Taken in connec
tion whh the fire in Chlco to-day, lum
ber men are of the opinion that this
morning's fire Is of incendiary ortsrin
and that there is a plan to destroy
the lumber In all the yards in Northern
California.
DEATH OF A PIONEER.
Colonel Robert G. Mitchell Passes
Away at Atlantic City.
NEW YORK. May 19. — Colonel
Robert Girard Mitchell of Maryland,
81 years old,^ died in Atlantic City
to-day from ailments incident to old
age. Colonel Mitchell was one of the
"Forty-niners" and made his fortune
in the California gold fields. At one
time he controlled the docks in San
Francisco and was also largely inter
ested in the docks of Liverpool, Eng
land. He served in the war of the
rebellion, entering the Confederate
army as a private and was mustered
out, after Appamattox surrendered, as
the commander of a regiment. A wife
and six children survive him. He was
a cousin of the late Edwin Booth,
whom he had at times during the
actor's early career helped in a finan
cial way.
UNKNOWN MAN DIES.— An unknown man
waa found dylny at 622 Pine street yesterday
and taken to the Emergency Hospital, where
he only survived a few minutes. Opium pcfl
sonlnz was supposed to be the cause of hU
death.
TO SUBSCKIBERS LEAVING TOWN*
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subiCTibers contemplAtta* a
chancre of residence dnrtasr tbe cummer
moathi can have their paper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notlfy
inar THE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
atrent in all towns on the coast.
FALLS FROM STAGING.— Charles Lamont.
a carpenter, fell from a builder's staging at
Stelner and Fell ?tre«ts yesterday and was
severely Injured about the head- He lives at
324 Tehama street.
MADISON. Wls.. May 19.— Two con
ventions, both claiming legal status by
*ripht'of delegate majority, holding
/prima facie credentials and both as
| sorting themselves to be regular Re
publicans in nature, were concluded in
Madison to-night.
Two State tickets, the one headed by
Governor Robert La Follette and the
-.other by Former Congressman Samuel
'A. Cook are in the field to baitle or to
vage a war that will not end until the
last vote is counted In November. Both
conventions were characterized by or
der and the absence of fierce strife.' So
careful were the anti-third termers to
preserve the standing of Wisconsin in
the National Republican ranks that
they chose electors identical with those
'picked by the La Follette men. This
' prcsageeno danger for the national or
par.ization in Wisconsin because of the
epVA.
The anti-third term faction nomi
juited the following ticket:
Governor — Samuel A. Cook.
Lieutenant Governor— George H. Ray,
La «"rosse.
Secretary of State— Nels P. Holman,
J >perfieid.
t?tate Treasurer— Gustav Wollaeger,
. »¦
Attorney General— Judge D. E. Clas
t-un. OfOnto.
. The ticket named by the La Follette
faction is as follows:
«:ov>rnor— Robert M. La Follette.
Lieutenant Governor — James O. Da
vidson, Soldiers Grove.
Secretary of State — Walter LI Houser,
M<>ndair.
Attorney General— L. M. Shudevant,
Nfillsville. ¦-' -'-¦ ;¦'.
The anti-La Follette ticket is in
dorsed by the national leaders of the
Jt< jmblicans of Wisconsin, including
Senators Spooner and Quarles and
ronsrossmrn Babcock and Miner. Sen
ator Spooner denounced the La Follette
•lelegates as the bolters and swore al
legiance to the f'ook followers. Sen
r.tor Quarles and Congressman Bab-
Copper Company Elects Trustees.
BUTTE, Mont., May 19. — At a meet
ing of the stockholders of the Ana
conda Copper Company at Anaconda
to-day seven new trustees were chos
en for the ensuing year, as follows:
H. H. Rogers, William Rockefeller,
William L. Bull, E. C. Bogert, William
G. Rockefeller, W. W. Dixon and A.
C. Burrage.
"Governor, La Toilette's Op
ponents GetSupport of Sen
ators Spooner and Quarles
Owners of the Property Be
lieve That the Torch of
an Incendiary Was Used
By the efforts of Congressman Gillette
the Eureka Public Library will be made
a repository for Government publica
tions. These number about 500 annu
ally, some of them being very valuable
to the different interests of the State.
The library board of Los Angeles will
establish another, branch library, to be
located on West Washington street.
The residents in this neighborhood
have agreed to contribute $500 toward
the expenses of the first year. ¦ v f
The circulation of books from the
Pasadena Public Library has in the
last two months greatly increased.
With a total of 22.000 volumes on . the
shelves, the criculation for home use
during April was 9550, or almost one
half of the number of books In the li
brary- The library board has voted to
join the Southern California Archaeo
logical Association, paying the fee of
$10. This society proposes to recover
and restore as much as possible of the
early records of California, with paint
ings, statuary, architecture, music and
all similar work of the early inhabit
ants of this region.
Ballard, Wash., rejoices in its com
pleted Carnegie Library, and will dedi
cate the building June 17. It has two
stories. The lower story has the usual
appointments of a library, with the ad
ditional features of . a smoking-room,
where men can read and smoke; also a
conversation . room for , women, taste
fully fitted up/with chairs and lounges.
The upper floor^laa a hall capable of
seating 500 people.
The Utah State Federation of Worn
en's Clubs has established a fine trav-
That lorts-heralded concert of the
children In the Greek Theater at
Berkeley for the furnishing of the
children's room in the new Library
building netted $650. Part. of this sum
will be spent for books and the re
mainder for special adornments of the
room. Artist William Keith has of
fered to paint a picture expressly for
the Library building.
EUREKA LIBRARY.
The recent successful/ art and loan
exhibit given at the Santa Cruz Pub
lic Library reveals the hold secured by
this library upon the people of Santa
Cruz. They have always extended to
their library an unwavering and gen
erous support. When the $20,000 gift
was obtained from Mr. Carnegie it
became the ambition of the library
trustees, the librarian and architect to
produce the most convenient and ac
ceptable building that was possible.
More than sixty meetings of the li
brary board have been held, criticisms
of the building plans were freely asked
and given and the generous enthusi
asm of the public has lately provided
equipments and many beautiful orna
ments for the rooms. The site for the
building was purchased upon terms
which are easv for the board to meet:
$40 per month for ten years.
One of the libraries of San Fran
cisco of which the public hears but lit
tle, but whSch is accomplishing val
uable work, is that of the Academy of
Sciences. It is not a circulating library
and Its 12,000 volumes of scientific
works are purely for reference use.
They are in fourteen different lan
guages. Among: the publications may
be found the proceedings of most of
the important scientific societies of the
world. The majority of the patrons of
this library are instructors and pro
fessors.
The Oakland Public Library Board
allowed a number of the library attend
ants leave of absence for the meeting
of the State Library Association and
paid for their substitutes. This lib
eral policy is in line with the encour
agement given to teachers under the
State law allowing full pay to teach
ers while attending the County Insti
tutes. ' ,- '
Shelves of Local
of Sciences Highly Valued
by Many Earnest Students
RESIDENCES IN PERIL
*-AXTIS" SHOW STRENGTH
MUCH REFERENCE LORE
Two Sets of Candidates Se
. lected by Rival Republican
. Conventions in Wisconsin
Hundred Thousand Dollars
Damage Done in Redding
by an Early Morning Blaze
Santa Cruz Art and Loan
Exhibit Receives the Gen
erous Support of Citizens
The feeling of unrest found vent in
the introduction of a resolution pro
viding that the convention proceed to
the nomination of candidates for office
other than Governor, but the propo
sition was defeated. None of the
gubernatorial candidates wanted the
resolution to go through, and the candi
dates for minor offices were too timid
to insist upon it, fearing such action
would hurt their chances. The pro
longed fight is bearing heavily on the
men who want the smaller places._ All
of them have been maintaining head
quarters which cost them from $50 to
$100 a day. As the salaries of State
officers in Illinois are very small, even
the successful candidates will be behind
in a financial way when the convention
adjourns. Some of them closed their
headquarters to-day.
The ballots taken to-day were with
out change in the result. Sherman's
men continued to vote for Deneen
throughout the day, but he made no
further gains, and on the last ballot
to-night Sherman's men returned to
him.
The result of the last ballot taken
to-night, the fifty-seventh, was: Tates
483, Lowden 393'£, Deneen 388%.
Warner 54, Hamlin 109. Sherman 43,
Pierce 31.
Many of the delegates left town this
morning and some said they would not
come back until some of the guberna
torial candidates got out of the race.
Their votes were cast- by the mqre
faithful of the delegates, and in some
instances a single delegate voted an
entire county.
SPRINGFIELD, May 19.— For the
first time since the beginning of the
deadlock in the Illinois Republican
Convention the delegates commenced to
show signs of breaking away, and there
was evidenced a disposition to leave
the leaders.
Delegates to Illinois State Convention
Are Beginning to Grow Weary.
DEADLOCK IS UNBROKEN.
BOTH FACTIONS
NAME TICKETS
LIBRARY WORLD
SHOWS ACTIVITY
FLAMES RUIN
A LUMBER MILL
cock repeated the sentiment of Wis
consin's senior Senator.
U BOSTON, May 19. — Philip Verrill
Slighels, a native of Carson, Hey.' and
a former reporter'and sketch artist in
San Francisco, has just published here
through Harper's a strong novel of
Western mining life entitled "Bruwer
Jim's Baby." •
Mighels has had a varied career,
like most newspaper men. He was
educated for the law by his father,
founder and editor of the Carson Ap
peal, but abandoned his practice and
went to San Francisco to work as a
reporter, until he drifted East, edited
three trade journals for a year and
then "went broke." He finally took
up story writing and "found himself,"
his present work being his first novel.
FORMER SAX FRANCISCAN*
WRITES A STRONG NOVEL
Philip Verrill Mighels, n Reporter and
Sketch Artist. Produces a Suc
cessful Story of Mining Life.
MASON, Mich., May 19. — Lewis Oli
ver, who. in company with Fred Le
sarge. stole $3 and two hats from a
butcher shop, has been given a life
sentence in Marquette prison by Judge
Wiest. It was his third offense for
burglary. Judge Wiest says that the
statute provides that where a prisoner
has been twice sentenced for felony
and is again convicted he may be sen
tenced for life.
"Since Oliver was first sentenced in
1881," said the Judge, "he has been
under arrest more times than he can
tell. He has served thirteen years for
burglary. I believe the statute re
ferred to was framed for the purpose
of ridding society of just such men as
I consider Oliver to be."
Michigan Judge Rids Society of Thief
Who Had Been Twice Sentenced
for Similar Crimes.
GOES TO STATE PRISON
FOR LIFE FOR BURGLARY
eling library system of twenty-eight
libraries. The 2000 volumes which they
contain have already accomplished
much good and in many places have
aroused new interest in better reading.
One library sent to the Sunnyside coal
mines was the means of creating a lo
cal library, with 200 miners as mem
bers, who pledged 50 cents per month
for its supoprt. They have also peti
tioned the mine owners to erect a.build
ing for a readinsr-room.
Our western neighbors of Hilo, H.
T., sustain a membership library
which is regarded as one of their val
ued institutions. Their receipts for
the year were $1422 and expenses
$1329.
CARXEGFE WITHDRAWS OFFER.
When the city of Waterloo, Iowa*
was offered a $30,000 Carnegie library
building the citizens were unable to
agree whether it should be located on
the cast or west side of the river. The
controversy raged for two years, be
coming so warm that Mr. Carnegie, in
the Interest of harmony, withdrew his
offer. He has recently made the un
usual proposal to give them $40,000,
or $20,000 for a library building in
each of, the two sections of the city.
A'n example of special generosity
has lately been displayed through the
gift of a library building to. Greene,
X. Y. It is presented by Judge Wil
liam H. Moore and James ; Hobart
Moore as a memorial to their parents,
and cost, with the lot, $70,000. The
donors have also given. an endowment
fund of $50,000 for the maintenance
of the library. Not content with these
outlays. . when the estimate of the li
brary trustees for furnishing the li
brary was placed at $7000 the givers
sent them a check for $9000.
Houston, Tex., has a $50,000 Car
negie building opened in , 1903. This
donation has prompted the gift of
$6000 from a citizen of Houston in
memory of his daughter for the pur
chase of books and periodicals suit
able for children from eight to fifteen
years of age. «; >H~J
Since Mr. Carnegie sailed for Eu
rope, M.arch-1; five gifts for library
T. H. Selvage of Humboldt placed
>Judge J. W. McKinley in nomination.
<3-i<» said in part:
We have selected from th* hundreds and
"Viousard* of the southland, of the great men
fa ho art- there of the noble intellects, one who
¦1« capable able, worthy, jus!, end who po<
#«>sses ever?- qualification rw-cessary to com
;n:»inlcate with tho*e of the Eaet the feelincs
'ef Those o? the West. The rran whom I ?hnll
tram* stands for a!l that is noble and all that
0 Just and Kr*nd In our civilization. He
terdav Ac I '"as colnr out of the hall .a
ESknan «!d to r~. -Why did you call the
JP&cama canal the Nicaragua <?"»'„ x **£;
•T knew I did.- H* said. Hou did >ou
know it?" I «Jd. -Did you not know my
Mb was with nif?" Our friends always t^l!
tus cf the Rood thine* we ray find our wixes.
who think more of Oft, Rlw V' s ,* w ™
tr.lftekes The reason for it is that it took rae
?•ijrht years to learn the name of the NtCVA
eukn canal ard heir.* from Missouri, it will
rake me at' lenst four years to forget it.
' There is no do::M about what the delegate*.
Tin trv to flo Thore of u» wno are to go to
Chlcapo realize thnt w^ will have herculean
task to nominate Theodora Roosevelt r.auch
tert but w*. are Itoir.g: to do the best we can.
1 hav* an Wea that when we cotne home we
will be victorious, but it will be on account
cf our enerrv and ability and not on account
ef the popularity of 'he candidate.
I tfesire to fay in conclusion that I know
vou will unanimously select tTie man 1 name.
J have said that it we« a Kr^at honor to be
Oovernor of California. I have Journeyed up
«nd <5o«'n the broad confines of this State.
E-.cry Californian should do that. Every Ca»
forniim should aprrrciate * n * magnificence, the
durability and the opportunities of the re
sources that «>ri»t in this State. Every Cali
fornia.n should lirten to the roar of the Yo
«Tnite's water* *n<i the manifold voices of
th» pea. and in the retrospect listen to the
tread of the eomtnR millions yet to be. I
*f;r*rr. it en honor to r'ao»- «ercr<> a conven
'u^n of CaMfcrnlans th» name <ir th<* Hon.
Oorjre C. rardee. Governor of California <ap-
After a short Democratic administration we
found that our national honor was impugned
by having been compelled Into the monpy mar
kets of the world to borrow money to pay the
running expenses of the Government. Again,
under R? publican administration, these condi
tion* were rapidly changed, and we find to
dnr oar Industries upon a good footing, our
business and finance* upon the best founda
tions, and wherever the products of a civilized
world ar» now used there we find the products
of our factories and shops oetraplng the mar
kets of the world. This Is due lankly to the
It seems to me befitting that there should
be named among those who will go to the na
tional convention to cast the vote of California
for President of the United States a well
known business man. and as such I am very
glad to name John D. Spreckels of San Fran
cisco. (Applauee.)
The achievements of the Republican party
have not all been of a political character, in
the sense in which we speak of the enactment
of laws, of the conduct of the political affair*
of the nation, but its achievements which
have made it world wide are the marvelous
business successes of this great nation of ours.
When the Republican party assumed control
of the affairs of the nation there was less mon
ey in the l'nited States Treasury than can be
found In the banks of Sacramento to-day. Our
industries were paralyzed. A war was immi
nent, yet under the successful business admin
istration of the Republican party thoee condi
tions were changed even In times of war until
when we were succeeded by a Democratic ad
ministration, the business affairs of the nation
were upon a good fooling, thanks to the en
ergy, the business sagacity, the skill and the
industry ttf the business men »«id the laborers
of the nation. V
JOIIX D. SPRECKELS NAMED.
M. L. Ward of San Diego nominated
John D. Spreckels. He said:
stands for enterprise, th» great enterprise
which lias bullded up the south. His enter
prise has been mingled with It. He stand's
for all that Is honorable; In professional life
he stands for law and order and he stands for
the purity of the bench, whicn he has graced
Tor years in the sunny southland. I name a*
delegate to the convention Judge J. W. Me-
Kinley of Los Angeles. (Applause.) •
Continued From Page 1. Column 5.
Delegates to the National Con
vention Are Named at
the Session.
REPUBLICANS LAUD THE PRINCIPLES OF THE PARTY
Splendid Addressed Made by
Distinguished Political
Leaders.
•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. MAY 20, 19.04.
fact that we have had among the councils of
our nation the strong, conservative business
men who havp been a part of our national
government. In looking over those of this
State who are Identified with Its business in
terests we can find none more promi
nently Identified than the man whose name I
have mentioned, and in sending our representa
tive to Chicago to vote for a President- of the
United States let us include among them that
good Republican, that stalwart and successful
business man, John L>. Spreckels. (Applause.)
Judge G. "W. Hunter of Humboldt
The holding of the two conventions during
the present week probably marks the begin
ning of the coniins Presidential contest, and
unless all signs fail, so far as the Republican
j;arty Is concerned. It has begun under the
most favorable auspices. The men I name has
Eiven his services to the Republicans on the
stump for ihe last twenty-five years. In the
last national campaign he had become so
famous that he was called to the . East to
speak in many of the principal cities," in some
presented the name of George A.
Knight. He said in part:
of the doubtful States In behalf of the Repub
lican party. In 1884 he had the honor to be
a member of that memorable convention that
named for ti-.e Presidency on the Republican
ticket that- distinguished statesman, peerless
orator and true friend of California, the Hon.
James G. Blalne. The man I have the honor
to mention for the last twenty years has rep
resented California In a national convention,
and four years ago at Philadelphia, amid the
noise and tumult and confusion of the con
vention, the only man who was able to make
himself heard. and understood was Knight of
California. Therefore It affords • me great
Athletes to Slart East.
Plaw and Snedigrar. the University
of California athletes, will start for St.
Louis on Tuesday to compete in th*»
American championships. Plaw will
compete in the weight events and
Snedigar in the sprints and in the
broad jump.
MOSCOW. May 19.— Prominent business men
have learnt d that the Russo-German nego
tiations tor a commercial treaty are approach
in* conclusion. Russia accepting: the minimum
seals cf cereal duties proposed by Germany.
SACRAMENTO, May 19. — The fol
lowing additional State Central Com
mitteemen were announced to-day by
the secretary of the convention: Sis
kiyou County, R. S. Taylor: PTumarj
County, T. G. Hall: Placer County, T.
J. Xichols: Xapa County. E. J. Henesy.
Monterey County. T. J. Fields-^ San Luis
Obispo County, R. L. DempSey; For-»
tieth District. San Francisco. Henry
Ach. Districts which have not named
their committeemen will report to the
secretary of the committee at the San
Francisco headquarters.
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
You must have a peculiar
tea taste if no-one of the five
Schilling's Best is right, for
you; and coffee four.
Your grocer's; money back
SMITH'S
$6.00 TRUNK
Is now the talk of the town- '.'¦
We've plenty for every one.,
ETr'rjjff T~§j**£^w Thic Cfi Kfl
g^!rj§3 h3&2«23s I II la vOivJU
This unequaled offer is just an
inducement to have 3'ou call and
. inspect our large , assortment of
' leather goods.
A carload just received.
Don't buy before you see our
line.
A. B. SMTTH CO.
128-132 Ellis St. '
''; ::^^i^^^^^^ i '\ Ready-to - W eor $12.50
vj ;iJ|k^^^v®2 ft ! , wiiits for 5pcL5U
j! I iff . If you customarily pay $12.50 or $15.00 for your
j! | |"| § suits these clothes at $8.50 will interest you—
j| I -I I I Interest you, because the garments are correctly
' i' ! | L~ interest you, because the price enables you to
:::;::j3 The suits are worth $12.50, and for these good
*-^aj^ reasons: Material, all wool; lining, good princess
Sip J*** ser § e » i ns ide material, good hair cloth and canvas,
— fT fully shrunk; buttonholes, hand worked; making,
"''* ::^' t^^ hand tailored throughout
]; i 'i H I 111 Single and double breasted styles in blue serge,
j; I !i M || H blue and black cheviot and checked worsted in gun
;| f- $ I ! | |ll metal and other grayish effects.
j| Hi! I I I |ji We will alter or exchange the garments or refund
¦i! % II II I i|Ll money if the customer is not entirely pleased,
ji KlMl^ifi I'!! I! .^j^ : " Better come in to-day and see the suits. Four
---!! 'iil|ltf 'iliiS-. -.- li lUit^^ii: . dollars is worth saving. Besides it will pay you to get
: iSS^l|s^ jfe acquainted with us.
/ '$P3:iff Sfc / Mail Orders filled— write to-day, giving chest waist and length
fr^fP t§^J>?&y- $£& measurements. Please address Dept. L
ADVERTISEMENTS.VICTORIOUS JAPANKSEsGENERAri AND TWO OF ADMIRAL. TOGO'S WAIISHIPS THAT HAVE BEEN SUNK OFF PORT ARTHUR.
War Xcws Continued on Fagc 5.
POLTAVA. Russia, Wednesday, May
IS. — The Emperor during his visit
here to-day was waited upon by a
deputation of Jews, who assured him
of the loyalty of themselves and their
co-religlonists.
Jews Declare Their Loyalty.
SEOUL. Korea. May 19.— At the Jap
anese headquarters here It is sahi that
Colonel KinoFhita's infantry battallion,
which is pursuing the Russians, ar
rived at Kalchyong on May 15. Small
parties scouted the country ahead and
reported that the Russians were cover-
Ing their. 'retreat 'by destroying. bridges
and blocking the passes in the hills.
Russians Destroying Bridges.
CAMBRIDGE SPRINGS. Pa.. May
19 » — The chess masters' tournament,
which began here on April 26. was con
cluded to-night, Marshall winning the
first prixe and Lasfcer and Janowski
dividing second and third prizes. Mar
cos was placed: fourth and Showalter
fifth, while the sixth prize was divided
between Schletcher and Tschigoria.
Thus two Americans, and five r .Euro
peans were prize winners. -
Marshall Wins Chess Honors.
American Warships Going to China.
WASHINGTON. May 19.— The Navy
Department was advised by cable to
day of the sailing of the battleship
Wisconsin, the flagship of Rear Ad
miral Cooper, the VIcksburg and Alex
ander from Cavlte for Hongkong; also
of the departure of the Frolic from
Cavlte to join the New Orleans at
Chefu, the nearest neutral port to
Newchwang outside the zone of mili
tary operations..
opposition to the application of Japan,
England and the United States to have
free ports opened at the mouth of the
Yalu River and above Wiju and An
tung.
The practical effect of this decree Is
to break off all diplomatic relations
between Russia and Korea that may
have survived the expulsion of v Rus
sian Minister Pavloff from Seoul.
PARIS. May 19. — An official dis
patch from Seoul says Korean feeling
against the Japanese is assuming seri
ous proportions. Lack of organization
prevents the Koreans adopting^ ef
fective measures, but they are secretly
embarrassing the Japanese by lending:
assistance to the Cossack detachments
operating In Northeast Korea, down to
Gensan. These bands, with the - co
operation of Koreans, It is added, have
cut the telegraph line from Chemulpo
to Pingyang.
Korean* linrrosslnc Japancso.
PARIS. May 19.— The corres
pondent at St. Petersburg of the
Echo de Paris savs : .
"The Russian cruiser Bogatyr
grounded during a fog on the
rocks near the- entrance to Vladi
vostok. Her position is critical.
The crew was saved."
Korean Government Annuls Timber
. Concessions on the Yalu.
SEOUL. May 19.— The Korean Gov
ernment has annulled the Russian
Yalu and Tumen rivers timber con
cessions granted in 1896. The Rus
sian companies Interested were backed
by BezobrarofT, the friend of Viceroy
Alexieff, and reputed moving spirit of
the Russian war party and many Rus
sian noblemen. There have been fre
quent differences between Russian
semi-official concerns and the private
Japanese lumbermen, which consti
tuted one of the annoyances which In
directly led to the war. Korea, in
several diplomatic relations with St.
Petersburg, has not felt bound to re
spect Russian commercial- contracts.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— Minister
Allen cables the State Department
from Seoul to-day as follows: •
"The Korean Government by an
Imperial decree Issued last night, has
annulled all treaties and agreements
with the Russian Government. This
annulment comprises the Yalu. timber
concessions."
This Yalu timber concession Is said
to have been one of the principal fac
tors In bringing about the present war.
So long 'as the Russians remained on
the western bank of the Yalu the Jap
anese, • though very much discontented
at the failure to evacuate Manchuria
were not willing to plunge into hos
tilities, but the procurement by
Russia of a large concession of
land on the Korean . side of
the Yalu precipitated the crisis.
The Japanese felt that the alleged tim
ber concession was really, intended for
military purposes, and they were con
firmed in their suspicion by Russian
THROWS OFF RUSSIAN" YOKE.
RUSSIAN CRUISER
B0GATYR AGROUND
AT VLADIVOSTOK
At Fengwangcheng the Japanese cap-,
tured 3S7 shells for mountain guns, 188.
000 rounds of rifle ammunition, 1720
carts. 40.000 loaves of bread and other
supplies, and tools and telegraph stores.
The Japanese captured twenty-one
quick-firing guns, nineteen ammunition
wagons and 1417 shells for these guns;
eight machine guns and 37.000 shells
for them: 1021 rifles and 350,000 rounds
of rifle ammunition. They also cap
tured sixty-three horses, ten wagons,
1244 carts and 541 tents.
TOKIO, May 19. — General Kuroki re
ports the Japanese losses at the battle
of Kuliencheng on May 1, as follows:
Killed— 5 officers and 213 men.
Wounded— 23 officers and "S3 men.
Thirteen hundred and sixty-three
Russian dead were buried by the Jap
anese, and eighteen officers and 535
men were taken prisoners.
Official Figures Show the Extent of
the Russian Disaster.
JAPAN'S YALU VICTORY.
Prominent Santa Crux Woman Dead.
SANTA CRUZ, May 19. — Mrs. Celia
Miller, wife of the late Captain C. F.
Miller, died last night. She resided in
Santa Cruz for many years and owned
the Neptune bath house, which she
sold to the Tented City Corporation.
She was a native of Bristol. England,
and was 78 years of age. She leaves
five children.
Britain Sends Sloop to Xewchvransr
WEIHAIWEI. May 20. — The British
sloop of war Espiegle has started for
Newchwang to protect British inter
ests there.
The Russian statements in regard to
th> situation are absolutely unreliable.
Many Japanese spies are here or In
this neighborhood. One spy has been
executed. It is believed he was an
officer In the Japanese army.
Bandits continue capturing rich
Chinese, holding them captives until
ransoms t are paid. The Chinese vic
tims make no complaint, fearing as
sassination. Newchwang is filled with
bandits armed with rapid-fire pistols,
concealed In their garments. ' •
The Cossacks continue to harass
the rear guard of the Japanese army
advancing from the Yalu River.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 19. — The
Admiralty denies that it has been offi
cially advised of the" Japanese occupa
tion of Newchwang. The fact that
nothing has been received convinces
the Admiralty that a small Russian
force is still at Newchwang.
NEWCHWANG, Mav 19.— A courier
of the Associated Press, who arrived
here shortly before midnight, reports
that the Japanese fleet was sighted
from Tower Hill, ten miles north of
Kaiochau, on Monday. The bombard
ment of the coast was extensive, cov
ering a distance of twenty-five miles.
Only the Japanese marines, it was re
ported, were landed. This, however,
is not confirmed. The Japanese force
marched several miles inland, destroy
ed four miles of railroad and other
property, captured a Russian commis
sary train and returned with a number
of carts, animals and native drivers.
The Japanese then re-embarked and
left the vicinity of their landing place.
The transports shortly afterward could
not be seen from Tower Hill, but their
course was southward. It is believed
now that the landing was a feint to
cover movements elsewhere.
A regiment of Russian Infantry re
turned here yesterday afternoon. It
was reported at 10 o'clock last night
that batteries of artillery would readh
here to-day. The Russians *eem to be
bewildered and disheartened, and un
able to form lasting plans. Officers who
left here (though their personal bag
gage remains at Newchwang) after
bidding touching farewells to friends
In Newchwang, returned a few hours
later and began directing the work of
building intrenchments a mile south
of here, but this task was abandoned
In a few hours. It is believed here
that the Russian authorities at Muk
den are responsible for this vacillation.
In addition to the recrudescence of
military activity, the sailors are re
fiitting the Russian gunboat SIvouch.
which had been dismantled and loaded
with wood and oil In order to destroy
her, as well as two small river boats
I in the mud dock.
Japanese destroyers have laid many
mines outside Port Arthur, hoping to
catch the Russian destroyers in the
attempt to return to Port Arthur.
Many of these mines were improperly
anchored and are adrift. They are re
ported to be all over the gulf.
Refugees coming in say that the town
suffered no damage from the bombard
ment and that considerable land fight
ing Is going on to the north of Dalny.
Two Russian destroyers have escaped
from Port Arthur and are still at large.
The Russians are using Chinese junks
to place mines in the path of the Jap
anese fleet patrolling the peninsula
coast. The Japanese have sunk a tug
and several Junks that were discovered
placing mines.
The Russian Consul personally had a
telegram from Dalny saying that It
was rumored there that two Japanese
battleships had been sunk off Port Ar
thur.
. The battleship Fuji (not the cruiser
Asama), which struck the mine on the
port bow had a heavy list and also
was down by' the bow, but was righted
and went off in tow of two cruisers.
It is believed impossible. However, that
she could reach port.
The rumor at Dalny to the effect that
the Asama had sunk in Kerr Bay
probably refers to the sinking of the
steel cruiser Miyaka, which took place
there recently, through contact with a
submarine mine.
CHEFU. May 19.— Persons just ar
rived here from' Dalny have reported
to the Russian Consul that the Japan
ese battleship Shikishima sank within
two minutes after contact with the
submarine! mine and that there was
no time to save the crew. The accident
occurred, it is said, within sight of Port
Arthur.
Russians Claim
Two Battleships
Hit Mines.
Newchwang Is Not
Yet Taken by
Japanese.
The wide discrepancy- in
names and details between the
Russian and the Japanese ac
counts of the sinking of war
ships of Admiral Togo's fleet
leaves the extent of the disaster
hi doubt. Unless the Russian
version is Incorrect, there- were
two series of disasters, Involv
ing the sinking of two battle
ships nnd a cruiser and the
damaging of another battleship,
besides the Injury the Kasugi
must have sustained In ramming
the cruiser Yoshino. I
* Admiral Togo's official report
says that the Yoshino was sunk
hi collision with the Kasagl and
that the battleship Hatsuse was
destroyed by contact with a
Russian mine at sea off Port
Arthur on Sunday, May 15, dur
ing a heavy fog.
Russian refugees from Port
Arthur, arriving at Chefu. de
clare that the battleship Shiki
shima was sunk and the battle
ship Fuji badly damaged by a
mine within sight of Port Ar
thur on Monday, 3Iay 16.
It is to be noted that, besides
the differences in names and
dates, the Russians say the dis
aster was plainly seen from the
heights of Port Arthur, there
being no mention of a fog.
Until further advices are re
ceived the full extent of Japan's
loss will not be definitely known:
but, even though It be confined
to the warships mentioned In
Togo's report, the catastrophe Is
one tlint has seriously crippled
the naval strength of the
Mikado.
FULL EXTENT
OF DISASTER
IS IN DOUBT
The isolated Russian forces north
ward of Port Arthur are withdrawing
to Port Arthur and it is reported that
the Japanese are withdrawing from
the vicinity of Kaichau and are ad
vancing to the passes east of Haicheng
and Liaoyang.
MIANDOHA (a station on the Man
churian Railroad), May 19.— Vice Ad
miral Skyrdlofl left here this morning
for Mukden. Several officers of his
staff are under orders to proceed to
Mukden and Vladivostok, whither Ad
miral Skrydloff will follow.
The foggy weather prevailing at
Vladivostok will facilitate torpedo boat
operations and may cause the Japanese
to hesitate about loitering In the neigh
boring waters.
The task of safeguarding the rail
road against the constant and deter
mined attacks of Japanese and Chi
nese has caused the Russian artillery
authorities unremitting labor. The line
must be preserved at all hazards, es
pecially for use In ca3e of retreat, and
the task is Intrusted to a separate
Little is known here of the precise
nature of the operations east or south
of Liaoy&ngr, , but early and. important
events are expected in the immediate
region of Liaoyang.
The loss of the ships. Irrespective of
other casualties which may have oc
curred, is of the most importance, ac
cording to the general staff, in that it
tends to restore the equilibrium afloat.
LV\«plte the number of casualties in the
Russian fleet. It has really lost only
one battleship, the Petropavlovsk. It
is true- that the Retviran and the Ce
sarevltch were torpedoed at the begin*
ning of the war, but both were safely
towed Into Port Arthur. The damage
they sustained was serious, particu
larly to the - Cesarevitch. but repairs
have been made since then and the of
ficials state that the Retvlzan is ready
to resume her place in the fighting line.
The Cesnreviteh is still undergoing re
pairs, and it will be some time before
she can put to sea.
Prior to the isolation of Port Arthur
several thousand shipwrights entered
the city and they have since been rush
ing the work of repairing the ships.
The favorite point selected by the
Japanese for bombarding is Liaoshan
Promontory, and the water there has
been thickly sown with Russian mines.
Other points besido Liaoshan have been
mined, and it has become dangerous
for the Japanese ships to cruise in
thrse waters.
The effect of the disaster undoubted
ly would be to cause Togo to be more
cautious, for he must save his squadron
for the contest for the supremacy of
the sea with the Baltic fleet when it ar
llves in the Pacific.
ly duplicated the plan which resulted
in the sinking of the Petropavlovsk.
Wherever off Port Arthur the Japan
ese squadron appeared during the day.
that same night Russian torpedo boats
ptole out and carefully planted contact
mines, which, below the surface, would
not be touched by the destroyers, while
ships of heavier draught cruising in the
mine fields would be sure to strike
th»*m.
WASHINGTON, May 19. — Advices
received at the Japanese legation from
Tokio confirming the press account of
the sinking of the crui3er Yoshino and
the battleship Hatsuse state that after
the Hatsuse had been struck by Rus
sian mechanical mines a Russian flo
tilla of sixteen torpedo-boats and de
stroyers appeared, but was repulsed by
the Japanese cruisers, which saved
300 of the Hatsuse's crew, including
Admiral Mashiba and Captain Nakao.
Japanese Cruisers Drive Rnssian Craft
Back to Port Arthur Harbor.
TORPEDO FLOTILLA REPULSED.
PARIS. May 20.— The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Echo de
Paris says:
"Itr is persistently rumored that ne
gotiations are going on with Germany,
the object of which is to effect a re
appfoachment and the reconstltutlon
of the triple alliance whereby Russia
would obtain Germany's diplomatic
support in a settlement of the Far
Eastern question. An understanding
with Germany would prevent British
intervention in favor of Japan and
Russia would, as an immediate pledge,
concede a settlement of pending eco
nomic and customs questions.
"The attempt to form a Russo.Ger
man entente is due to the Anglo-
French entente, which produced a de
plorable effect here. The Russians
consider that French official, if not
popular sympathy is not standing the
strain of the war and that it will make
possible a Russo-German entente re
stricted to a special point which will
not affect the Franco-Rus3ian alliance,
but must evidently wreck it.
"This news surely will be denied,
but I have reason to believe it well
founded.
"Russia has decided to make all
the ports of her Pacific possessions
free ports and this will soon be an
nounced officially with a view to meet
ing British and American objections to
her occupation of Manchuria."
Fatherland Is Replacing France in
Muscovite Esteem.
RUSSO-GERMAN* ALLIANCE.
No surprise is expressed by the ad
mirslty at the Japanese vessels Ftrik
ing Russian mines, the admiralty ex
pecting such a mishap to Vice Admiral
Togo, particularly pineo the naval com
manders at Port Arthur have faithful-
The general staff to-night is without
direct news of the sinking of the Shi
kishima and the Fuji, but there is an
impression that it may be true. The
reports, at any rate, have Infused fresh
llf*» and enthusiasm in official circles,
whrr.? it is believed that me tide has
turned.
It Is pointed out that the Hatsuse
was one Of Japan's finest battleships,
and that the loss of two, and possibly
four, murshln* at Intervals o{ a few
days canni-t fail to deeply affect Japan
and to influence the course of the cam
paign.
In naval circles the Japanese catas
trophe is a matter of rejoicing, though
regrets are expressed that brave men
have lost their lives. Ju'st as Japan
voiced Its sorrow to the world when
brave men went down with the Petro
pavlovsk. Hut this feeling of sym
pathy is swallowed up in the greater
thanksgiving for the blow inflicted on
the sea power of the enemv.
fit is an offering to Russia upon the
day of ascension and the Emperor's
1'iithJay. and it is a sign that God is
with us." was the remark generally
heard.
ST. PETERSHURO, May 20. 3 a. m.—
The loss of at least two Japanese war
ships is MfiVially confirmed. A mes
sage dated Port Arthur, received by
carrier pigeon at Mukden, .was trans
milted to the Emperor early yesterday
morning, saying that two Japanese
warships had been lost off that port.
The message followed the Emperor to
Kourrk. and no one here knew of its
contents until late last night, when
foreign telegrams brought full details
Of the Japanese loss.
Early in the afternoon reports of the
Finking of the Shikishima nnd the Fuji,
on the authority of Russian rerugees
from DaJny. began to circulate and
aroused Intense excitement. Without
reference to its effect on the campaign,
the people regard the disaster as divine
interposition in the Russian cause.
nondcraiire on the Soa.
Disaster* Aro I**sM*nlns: ,1a pan's Pre-
REJOICING IX RUSSIA.
- TOKJO, May 19— Vice Admiral Togo
lias report rd ;is follows:
""A report frcrm Roar Admiral Dewa
«aya that the cruisers Kasagi and Vo-
Bhinb collided during a fog off Pott Ar
ihur«.n May lf>. Tin* Yoshino sank, only
ninety <>f her crew being saved.
"On the saint' day the battleship Hat
¦¦i:: < struck h RtlSSl&h mine utid sank."
Giving details of Ihe disaster, Vice
Atlmnal 'Tugo says:
"At fourteen minutes past tme in the
afternoon <•! May ir». in a deep f<»s off
1'ort Arthur, Ihe Kasagl rammed the
feshlno, sijikinii the latter in a few
minute*. Ninety <>l' nor crew were
saved.
"The came morning the llatsuse.
while cruising off Port Arthur, cover
ing the landing <rf soldiers, struck a
mii.e i«:i kiMtn southeast of the harbor
entrance. She signaled for help, and
instantly Ft ruck another mine. She
hank in half an hour. Three hundred
tif her crew were saved by torpedo
boats."
Thi» orulyrr KuKapi mentioned in the
foregoing dlfpatcn, was purchased by
Japan from Argentina before the out
lirctk <rf hostilities with Russia.
The cruiser Yoshino was a steel ves
sel of 41S0 ton* displacement. She was
;:50 feet lonp. 46 feet wide and had a
draught of 17 feet. Her* indicated horse
power was 15.000 and her speed was 23
knots. She was built in 18P2. She car
ried four 6-Inch, eight 4.7-inch, guns,
and twenty-three 3-pounders. She had
Bre torpedo tubes and a complement
Of SCO men.
The Hatsuse was a steel battleship
of 15.000 tons displacement. She was
400 feet lniK. 76 feet wide and had a
draught of 27 feet. Her Indicated horse
power was 16,300. She was built in
1R5J>. and her speed was 19 knots. She
was nrmed with four 12-ineh and four
teen 6-lnen Runs, as well ns thirty-two
guns Of smaller caliber. She had four
torpedo tubes and a complement of 741
men.
NEWCHWANG. May 19 (evening).—
It is reported here from a reliable
source that the Japanese army from
the Yalu River has received a heavy
blow and has been driven back to
Fengwangcheng.
TOKIO, May 19.— It is unofficially
reported here that small skirmishes
are taking place south of Kinchou, on
the Liaotung Peninsula,
The Japanese line extends from Cnl
chaton to Chulishan, across a ridse of
hills a mile and a half north of Kin
chou. It completely dominates that
town, which can be taken in half a day
when the Japanese are ready to do so.
Kinchou is seven or eight thousand
meters north of the narrowest part of
the peninsula and forty miles north of
Port Arthur. . The Japanese line,
therefore, is less than forty-five miles
from Port Arthur.
MUKDEN.^Iay 19.— The momentary
relaxation o!*the Japanese advance,
specifically from the South, as official
ly reported, Indicates a temporary
withdrawal , from ' the position won
during the fighting which apparently
ended on May 17. 9
| corps of frontier guards, made up of
fifty-five mounted squadrons, flfty-flve
I foot companies and six batteries of ar
! tillery, altogether 25,000 men. The road.
[ which is 1400 miles long, is divided into
sections of thirty-three miles, each.
guarded by a detachment of troops.
; which is expected to constantly patrol.
i The smailness of the detachment makes
| this duty exceedingly onerous. It is
. a matter of comparatively little dlffl
! culty for a Japanese spy or a Chinese
j bandit to steal up to an exposed point
I and dynamite the railroad before the
patrols discover the danger.
UAOYANO, Wednesday. May 18.—
The Russian arrrty surgeons are prais
ing the Japanese bullets. They Inflict
a small, clear wound, though they pos
sess good stopping effect. Captain
Vorobreff was struck by twenty bul
lets during the fighting at the Yalu
•River, but he survived and is expected
to recover. Several gunners of the he
roic Third Battery are convalescent,
j though their intestines were pierced.
[ The last tralnload of men wounded at
/ the Yalu has gone north after the sol
diers received decorations personally
from General Kuropatkln.
Newchwang Reports Rout of Ku
roki's Army and Its Retreat to
Fengwangcheng.
TogoReportsLoss
of Two of His
Warships.
Hundreds Perish
on Sinking Jap
anese Craft.
LONDON, May 20. — The Standard's correspondent at Tientsin- wires that while the Japanese fleet was covering the landing of
troops near Kaichou on, Monday a fierce engagement occurred atHsinyencheng. Two thousand Russians were killed or wounded. The
Russians retreated and the Japanese occupied both Kaiping and Kaichou.
SLAVS DEFEATED WITH LOSS OF TWO THOUSAND MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,. MAY 20, 1904.
4
ADVHRT1SE3IENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
JdUK AAULULt Y
Says the Boraxologist: "The world
wasn't made in a minute — neither was
borax/' Nature worked for ages to form
those pure white borax crystals. But it
must have been a joyous work, this mak-
ing of borax* Nature must have said to
herself: "I am giving man the best thing
in the world to wash and clean with/'
Insist upon having 20-MULE-TEAM
BRAND BORAX— it's pare. Sold by
Druggists and Grocers, J A l A and Mb.
packages.
«?TLM*f f T 1OaS S^^ICAN'GIRL'' PICTURES FREE to ptaduatnc!
~ y Tv«aty Xulo T«*a— Ocr Tr*do JUxk.
H Brand s
H Evaporated m
i| Cream M
Ira tac*" 55 i{ is most concentrated; fits
t'gl Is most nourishing, £ >;J
t ,1 because richest in cream; gSt
||i because most skillfully fi@
HH Its purity is guaranteed Hf
IB under forfeit of $5,000 to ffi|
Eg| anyone able to provo fijn
jEsSI any adulteration in our l«ji§\
/5jsj!£y product. HJ&lgAHe — Love, you know, makes the
world go 'round. She— Do you think
you can use it to bring father around?
The fellow who is known as "a good
thing" realizes that virtue Is its own
reward.
It Is now the fashion for Americans
going abroad to register -a cable ad
dress. The registration books of the
companies have, grown so enormous
that- two or three years ago extra
hands were set to work revising them,
with the result that tens of thousands
of names which had fallen into in
nocuous desuetude, so . to speak, were
•weeded out. No two cable addresses
exactly alike are allowed In any one
city. This is* to avoid errors in de
livery. Every cable address containing
more than ten letters is rejected. With
several hundred thousand registrations
it is easy to see that no little ingenuity
is required to frame up new addresses.
Much- twisting and turning must be
done to hit upon satisfactory and ap
propriate words within the prescribed
limit.' Experts at this business, more
over,: have, to take into consideration
the danger of errors likely to arise
from the similarity of telegraphic
sounds.— New York Times.
Have You a Cable Address?
I NEW YORK, May 19. — The follow
ing Calif ornians are in New York:
From San Francisco— A. L. Chauvett,
at the Everett; G. W. Lynch, at the
Everett; Rev. H. E. Magary, at the
New Amsterdam; H. H. Reed, at the
Victoria; P. Bruckner, at the Broad
way Central; F. Mordecai and wife, at
the Navarre; H. F. Prien, at the Im
perial; J. Swerin, at the Broadway
Central; Miss Blume, at the Contin
ental; E. J. Gallagher, at the Gilsey;
G. P. Graham, at the Sinclair; F. M.
Hubbell, at the Grand Union; W.
Jackman, at the Herald Square; Mrs.
F. Levy, at the. Criterion; Mrs. R.
McKee, at the Grand Union; E. O.
Sullivan, at the Sinclair; -I. Rose, at
the Herald Square, and M. 3. Schener,
at the Criterion.
From Santa Rosa — A. C. Collett
and B. M. Riley, at the Kensington.
From Los Angeles^— A. F. Jackson,
at the Grand Union, and O. F. Jud
son, at the Imperial.
Callfornians in New York.
Well, in every battleship, cruiser and
torpedo-boat there are tubes, like so
many large gun barrels, built into the
ship, some above, but mostly below the
water, and from these tubes the tor
pedoes are discharged at the enemy's
ship. A small charge of cordite or
compressed air, at a pressure of 500
pounds or more to the square inch,
shoots the torpedo out of the tube
along a guiding bar, which directs it
until well clear of the ship. When it
leaves the guiding bar the propellers
get to work and the projectile is off,
straight as a. bullet, to the target at
which it has been aimed.
The original Whitehead torpedo had
a speed of 'eight knots an hour and an
outside range of a quarter of a mile;
the torpedo of to-day— and I am de
scribing the very weapon the Japanese
are using with such deadly effect— will
run as straight as, a dart for a mile
(thanks to the gyroscope) at a speed of
pretty well, forty miles an hour. It
can be aimed as accurately as a rifle,
and what is most wonderful is that it
can be adjusted from the conning tower
of a ship and discharged simply by
pressing an electric . key. , When the
torpedo strikes . a ship it does not, as
some folks think, blow her "sky high."
There is a heavy, quivering shock, > a
column of water is sent high above the
decks, there is a sickly smell of ex
plosives, and that is all that is seen or
felt; but below water the steel plating
of the ship Is rent and twisted like so
much paper, there is a gaping. hole
through which an omnibus might be
driven, arid in most cases no human
power can save the ship from going to
the bottom.— London. Answers.
Discharging Torpedoes.
War Demand for Steamers.
'.'It's an ill wind that blows nobody
. any good." As far as Japan and Rus
sia- are away from Maine and the At
lantic coast, the war now going on
between them will affect that part of
the- country in no email degree, and
cause a scarcity of good steamers all
* along the coast. Calvin Austin of Bos
ton, the vice president and general
manager of the Eastern Steamship
Company, says: ; f:~~
"For some time past negotiations
have been under way between the
'Eastern Steamship Company and a Pa
cific concern for the purchase of the
"Fteamer St. Croix of the international
division of our service, but these have
not yet come to any conclusion. Now
the demands for boats on the Pacific
have become more urgent than ever
because of the war between Japan and
Russia.
"Every boat that can .possibly be
bought by these nations will be
snapped up for transports. No large
steamers will be left for freight and
passenger carrying on the Pacific, and
the heads of steamship . companies
there will then have to come to the
Atlantic to get steamers here. To sup
ply the demand for boats on the Pa
cific Coast the different companies on
this eide of the United States may be
called upon to supply the demand."
And building may in consequence be
come active in the New England yards.
—New York Commercial.
Good for Hull's Treasury.
The tramway system at Hull, Eng-
land, is owned and -operated by the city.
* The cars are double-deckers and tho
mare di Stabia, although it la manu
factured in exactly the same manner
and with the same raw material as
elsewhere. The difference may be due
to the quality of water, used or to the
dryness of the atmosphere (macaroni
being dried in the open air), but what
ever the cause may be the fact remains
that the Gragnano macaroni enjoys the
best reputation among all. always com
manding a slightly higher price. Italy
imported 333,790 tons of hard wheat in
1903 for the manufacture of macaroni
and semolina flour. This hard wheat
comes from Southern Russia in regular
fleets. — New York Commercial.
Maxlmite. the secret explosive used
in shells by the United States Is 60
per cent stronger than dynamite.
There are in the country of Italy
some 5500 macaroni factories of more
or Jess importance, employing nearly
25,000 hands. A number of these fac
tories are Quite large, .using improved
machinery and steam power. The total
annual output of macaroni exceeds
215,000 tons. It is a growing industry.
The local consumption as well as the
exports increase steadily. The exports
of macaroni in 1889 were 7719 tons; in
1900, 8989 tons; in 1901, 9673 tons; in
1902, 11,322 tons, and in .1903 (eight
months), 13,126 tons. Nearly 60 per cent
of the above exports went to the Uni
ted States. The average export price is
about 3.6 cents per pound. The best
macaroni is supposed to be made at
Gragnano, in the district of Castella-
Macaroni Making in Italy.
sian race. He is following the idea of
Feson. the Norwegian, who found by
putting a chameleon under violent
light rays that, the pigment or throw
ing off of color is not of such marked
extent as under, the ordinary white
rays. For this reason red lights will be
employed in making the experiment,
because they have a subduing effect
and prevent pigmentation.—Washing
ton Star.
DETROIT. Mich., May 19. — Judge
Henry Mandell of the Wayne Circuit
Court to-day ruled that a husband
has the right to spank his wife. The
ruling was made in the case of A. R.
Sobke, a mechanic, who asked for an
injunction to restrain his. better half
from abusing him and selling his
household effects. The Judge told
Sobke to go home and thrash, his wife
if she Insisted on misbehaving.
A week ago in a divorce case Judge
Mandell ruled that a household could
have but one head, and that should be
the husband. Judge Mandell is a
bachelor.
Michigan Jurist, Who Is a Bachelor,
Renders Ruling That Will Arouse
the Fair Sex.
DECIDES ' TIHT HUSBAND
HAS RIGHT TO SPANK WIFE
A farmer who drove into Iola, Kans.,
some time ago found all of the hitch
ing racks in town full, so he tied his
horse to an empty boxcar standing on
a sidetrack in an alley. A few minutes
later a switch engine coupled on to
the car and started up the alley. The
hltchstrap in this instance was a rope
and It was tied around the animal's
neck. The horse did fairly well until
he encountered a telephone pole. The
buggy was demolished there. The en
gine kept on going, so did the horse,
until another telephone pole was
reached. Then the horse tried to go
on one side and the engine and car
on the other. The animal's neck was
broken. Now the farmer wants dam
ages. — Topeka State Journal.
Whcre He Hitched His Horse.
A special to the- New York Sun from
South Bend, Ind., says: Because of an
experiment of Dr. J. W. Hill, one of
the well-known physicians and sur
geons of Indiana, in trying to prevent
infants born of negro parents from
turning dark in color soon after birth,
the attention of the scientific world it
Is expected will be fixed on South Bend
during the next few months. All ar
rangements have been completed for
Dr. Hill's experiment on the color
scheme of the human race. •
An expectant mother has consented
to act as the patient and will enter the
hospital as soon as the rooms are fin
ished in the manner necessary for the
scientific event. According to Dr. Hill
the negro's skin is more positive than
that of any other human being, and i
for that reason more pigment is thrown i
out to protect him under the climatic \
conditions in which his forefathers
were born, the intense heat of the trop
ics making this necessary.
By preventing pigmentation Dr. Hill
believes the child of negro parents,
which is generally born white, turning
dark under the sun's rays, will become'
even whiter than that of the Cauca-
Indiania Physician Will Try to Pre
vent Them From Turning
Black.
KEEPING LIGHT COLOR
OF NEGRO BABIES
Section Is Very Slow hi Turning
Out the Finer Grade of
Goods.
The rapid growth of cotton manufac
turing in the South has become a
source of frequent comment, conclud
ing mostly with the remark that while
we are doing much and doing well in
this particular we should do more and
do better. In other words, intelligent
observers of the So'uth's progress ln
the turning of the staple into mer
chantable fabrics are struck with the
fact that, as yet, but few attempts
have been made to produce cotton
goods of the finer grades by Southern
j romoters of cotton manufacturing
plants.
Two-thirds of the South's crop of
cotton finds its way abroad, absorbed
as it is by nations that have learned
to convert a pound of raw material
¦worth 10 cents into a pound of finish
ed goods worth fifteen .times that
¦amount and over. France, for in-
Ftance, makes high-priced lace out of I
the product of our cotton field, while
¦Re are confining ourselves to the pro
duction of cheap, coarse fabrics. Other
rations have acquired the knack of
transforming it into expensive under
wear and hosiery for our consumption,
whereas we are lagging behind, appar
ently without ambition, to cover the
most profitable ground in the cotton
manufacturing field. ,
It may be objected that the South
Is not as yet prepared to compete in
the .manufacture of cotton goods of
the highest grade; that it must feel
It? way to the top of the ladder of
troduciion In this particular. Ad
mitting, for the sake of argument,
that there is something in this, there
is no good reason for not making a
. few steps into the domain of finer
manufacture as a beginning. No one
; will seriously contend that the South
is not ultimately destined to work up
the* bulk of its raw cotton. Why, then,
should there be further delay in the
promotion of industry in its higher
branches? — Houston Post.
WORK OP COTTOX
MILLS IX THE SOUTH
fare is Id (3 cents) on all lines and for
all distances. The financial results of
this low-fare system are equally inter
esting. During the latest twelve
months reported on there were ten
miles of double track, or twenty miles
of single track, in operation. The gross
income is about $445,000; the cost of
operation was about $233,000. This left
a gross profit of $212,000, and, deducting
interest on the investment and the
sinking sum, a net profit of $122,000, or
an average of over $12,000 a mile of
double track, which went into the city
treasury. — Exchange.
more effective than that of March 6.
It says It is expected the enemy's
ships will take up a position in Amur
Bay, now free from ice, in which they
could not maneuver ln March. The
paper foresees great loss of life when
the Japanese again shell Vladivostok.
The authorities there have ordered
hundreds of non-combatants to leave
the city. Voicing the views of experts,
the Vostochny Vestnik says it does not
believe a land attack will have a
chance of success.
The paper also reports that 2500
Japanese who disembarked at Plaksln
Bay, in the northeast of Korea, in the
beginning of March, intending to pro
ceed to Maoshan, turned back because
of the hardships they suffered along
the route.
It is learned that Foreign Minister
Lamsdorff, in Interviews yesterday
„ After the Petropavlivsk was de
ptroyed the Russians attempted the
"saiiie plan as the Japanese, that of
Bending out torpedo boats at night to
place floating mines where the enemy
had appeared a few hours before. Mines
¦were especially planted off the Llao-
Than promontory, which was a favor
able point from which the Japanese
armor clads bombarded Port Arthur.
A copy of the Vladivostok Vestochny
\v-str»ik, which has Just reached this
city, expresses fears that the next
bombardment by the Japanese will be
ST. PETERSBURG, May 19.— The
Admiralty claims that the channel at
Port Arthur was never blocked by the
Japanese fire ships and that there is
a free passage even for the heavy Rus
sian -ships.
{Russians Follow Japanese Tactics ln
Placing of Mines.
PROFIT BY EXPERIEN'CE.
BIG ATLANTIC
LINERS ADDED
TO CZAR'S NAVY
NEW YORK, May 19. — An
nouncement was mude to-day of
the sale to the Russian Govern
ment by the Hamburg-Ameri
can Steamship Company of
three of its flnest steamships.
They are the Augusta Victoria,
the Columbia and the Puerst
Bismarck, the latter being a new
vessel.
It was reported. / several
months ago that the Russians
were negotiating for the pur
chase of a number of fast lin
ers, among them being the three
crack steamships of the Ham
burg-American line, the sale of
which is now de.nnltely an
nounced.
The vessels are large and
swift and will be valuable acqui
feltions to the sea forces of the
Czar when converted for use hi
the war with the Japanese. The
price at which the Hamburg-
American Company disposed of
the liners to the Russians was
not made public.
"It is the worst kind of war," says
the expert, "since it is cloaked by
hypocritical neutrality. Russia is now
warring in a hostile country.
St. Petersburg had a holiday to-day
in honor of the birthday of Emperor
Nicholas. The city was ablaze, with
color, the principal streets were "gayly
decorated, the street cars, displaying
flags, moved slowly on the Neysky and
other thoroughfares, the ships moored
in the sparkling Neva were dressed
and the churches were thronged during
the morning, with officials and other
persons offering prayers for the Em
peror and the success of the Russian
arms in the Far East. At noon the
fortress on the banks of the Neva fired
an imperial salute of 121 guns.
Peasants, in holiday attire, were
grouped at the street corners, studying
General Kuropatkin's bulletins report-
Ing that the, Japanese were falling
back, but the news apparently did not
occasion satisfaction, because it was
known, even to the lowliest, that Kur
opatkln would not strike, and that some
time must elapse before Russia could
make her might felt. Therefore, no
impatience was displayed at the failure
of the Russian commander in chief to
follow up his advantage. There was
only muttered approval of the policy
of waiting until the reinforcements, to
which the Emperor was bidding fare
well, reached Manchuria.
The military expert of the Novoe
Vremya expressed this morning an
opinion, which is slowly crystalizing
here, that the attitude of the Chinese
authorities and the activity of Chinese
bandits are tantamount to a state of
war.
with representatives' of the great
powers, laid particular emphasis- upon
the attitude of the Chinese. He re
ferred to the necessity for all the Gov
ernments continuing' the policy of con
stantly impressing Peking with the ad
visability of preserving strict neutral
ity. The Foreign Minister desires that
China shall not only be officially neu
tral, but that there shall be no Inter
ference on the part of her people, and
he believes the latter point can be as
sured if violations of the imperial
proclamations are swiftly punished.
The Minister has not forgotten the
suppineness of the Imperial Govern
ment in 1900, which permitted the
Boxer movement to spread until it Im
plicated the court and required inter
national intervention.
The views of the Russian Foreign
Minister are regarded as significant,
especially as they follow the renewed
assurances of the Chinese Minister.
CHEFC. May 20. 1 p. m. — Heavy
"firing was heard in the direction of
Port Arthur early this morning. Chi
nese arriving from Dalny say that the
• Kusrians regained control ««f the rail
ivay one day. but lost it again. Port
Arthur is well provisioned and prices
are only slightly above normal.
LONDON. May 20.— A. G. Hales, the
correspondent of the Daily News,
• cables from Tientsin as follows, under
dale of May 19:
"It is reported that 70,000 Russians
• are marching to the relief of Port
Arthur and the Japanese are conse
*<jucntly hastening offensive operations.
•. "Forty-five thousand troops already
have been landed at Klncnou and Tal
lenwan, thus entirely investing Port
Arthur. The Japanese advance lines
art seven miles from the Russian bat
teries. Skirmishes occurred yesterday
Along the railroad."
It Is believed that the Japanese in
tend to attack Port Arthur with the
.entire force when it numbers 50.000.
• men. They are mounting six-inch naval
• gains on steel wheels with the object
of silencing the Russian batteries.
• The Manchurian railway south of
Harbin is constantly broken by
.Chinese marauders, and the Russians
threaten reprisals. The Russians ad-
TOit that they have to contend with
terrible difficulties along the whole
•line. Their men, however, are behav
ing splendidly and they are very con
fident.
Menaced by a Large Force in Their Rear, the Japanese
Are Hurrying Operations for the Capture of
the Slav Stronghold. .
RUSSIAN ARMY NUMBERING SEVENTY
THOUSAND MEN MARCHING TO RELIEF
OF THE GARRISON AT PORT ARTHUR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .FRIDAY, MAY 20.. 1004.
5
A FINE NUT SET
Premium to Classified Advertis-
ers In Sunday Edition.
THE SUNDAY CALL
-Has - 85,000 ; Circulation, ; Princi-
pally in the Homes.
A qunntity and quality, of cir-
culation that assures substan-
tial returns.
'Bring your Sunday Want, Ad
to-day and receive Nut Set
FfrEE FEEE
tf "'*•;•:; To-Day Special ¦-. RJ2SISBS*%£XI9AI ' BBnri**»**!\m9m*%*%*i Some New Z
i 0*^B G/i* 9 &h JS. iV2SgiSBM&ry WnegGFjfDFiG&tS Arrivals 3
* SStBB WWUnten S GOBtS A Few Models at Cut Prices |
Jf Coverts, Cheviots, Cloths, $8.85— $10.95 -^&S%$»^ Just arrived from New York, an g
i : One hundred pretty, new, strictly up-to-date Jackets iSillili^. advanced summer shipment of ';
£• hive been selected from our regular stock for this w4raS8§gfeg* Hors chair and Chiilon Hats in all the 3
£ Special Friday and Saturday Sale. (They may all go Fri- **&jy**3&? new shapes—fiat-iron. Coloniai,
$ day, so act accordingly if you want one sure)— Jackets tjf ** ff etc, in the new blues, browns, black x
i that are regularly sold for $10.75, $12.50, $13.50 and If •?& a nd champagne— swell hats ready to £
S $16 50, in'ten different and effective styles', willbe sold Bv5a«; trim ; perfect ln style and ma * G/l 5?i» *
J> • T^-j^g^-x- -terial 9p m v m mJ&%Jf x
£ 4&0 Ag tfeH/fb Ofi» - BlacI; HatS — Horschtir braid and chiffon, ribbon and J
* To-Day «pO«Oc$ and ijP B & B S* O Saturday. flower trimmed . $3.50 $
15 « * - * it— it m% c V \ + l« \ Fancy Trimmed Dress Hats— A beautiful line in all the new mixed straws, .%
5 Special Silk DropS-ioo more of those regular $5.00 b.ack **?&¦££&„ trimmed with wreath, ofro.es (one .hown in ii!a,:ration) J
,* sl lk drop S k,m that are a.i ready to adjust to any skirt- g>g gg- ,nd ribbon, in white, black or cham- <»*+ *- j - \
•J* to-day and Saturday whise quantity lasts . . M%3t*J9 a n e . 9*2* *& and «
I $ Special China Silk Waists- Excellent quality China silk, Mountain' and Trampra'a Hals . .... . 25 C, 35c, 85c ?
:jj_ with four rows otc uny lace extending down from the shoulders— to-day Children's Hats lor Vacation Days 50o '*
tf and "Saturday whiic quantity lasts— these $4.00 wsists g**Z *9 £2 Canvas and DucK Hats — In cowboy tnd rolling brim, sai or srves *
J r ". ...................... .&£*£** _ 75o™d$f.25 J
i J Wool Crash Skirts— I* H g ht mixtures— ne^v £9 g"f* Model and Pattern HatS— A few only remain— dainty >r
jar and pretty for outing wear. . ... . .ywivW creations from famous milliners. jj
|«f New Mixture SKirts— In neat designs .. . . .... . . .$3.50 Those valued up to < 3 0.00. now $15.00 •{
if Wash Skirls-Large assortment. . . .... . . . . $f.00 upward Those valued up to $1 8.00, now $10.85 j
k ¦• ¦-. 3
II Sale Gloves Saie Shirts 77c Safe Men's Trousers, $2.15 \
% SOc Lrsies 25c rzx^^$& and other Friday and Saturday Only x
£ To-dciV and Sahirda% 1000 pairs i^W^^^ C., mn , A< . You can g;t the tame good fit as though you- paid double thu pner. Made from fine quality |,
?» > j. rr| " i-i I >ici*>{il' ' SUmnier Union worsted tha: will wear well and has the appearance of pure worsted, ju;t the kind for „¦*
* WOmen S e.Xira Super quality. ; ffffl | Furnishings rcal hlrd !erv!ce - No better trousers for buiinesj purposes, and" these look good enough for *
V Lisle GlOVeS With double WOVen a \ \ \ j I ! > K * dre«. The new grays and darkish shades, with neat itripes and coloringt, that* will go "J
K finger tops — handsome ¦ Open ]/, ' ' \ Men's GO II 'nicely with black coats and vests, or any coats and Tests, for that mat- "S IS J*
v work patterns-fit beautifully— j jj) Shirts of high- ter. ' For x days, while this lot lai-s, choice 9^*'^ *
r J colors beavers, modes, grays, | j grade Madras . *
li^liifl^ '< III iliiii Young Men's Suits $f 0.00 |
i a[ «^ BM ______a-_a B^_^H__a | a nd colors, made Young Men's Suits at Sio.oo. in sizes from 14 to 20 years or up to 30 «[
*J» Sfflig** l&GGlfVlfCSSI* ' ' ' to fit; full assort- ch;st measure. Many undersized men buy these Harvard suits because they fit them -X
tt M-"'*O '• • better than the men's iuits and because they iave tomething on the price. In th:» group •'•
¦ Jfc 5&JG mUtOCnS BStC . ment; si/.SS 14to 18. Fri- m V m ff a% are a dozen cf the very latest styles in fine worsteds and cheviots in plaidi and stripe*, a'sj *
; $ Linen embroidered Stocks, tab ef- day and Saturday only each # * ** blue and black worsteds, cheviots and serge. The making and trim- ibt% *
f» , ! -x, 4. j • • mings are ths best that can be put into suits at this price .... %Q i U* 3 Uj %JJ %
iS. fects, in the newest designs, em- Sa i e Underwear— Men's summer weight „,, c ¦* s rr *r + + +
: j» broidered in white and combination of colors, nlkine underwear, well made, strong and Other CtUttS for YOUTlg Men $I$.OO, $17.50, $20.00. X
jff a well finished and splendid wash ready-to- durable — the «hirts with French woven -/ ZSSZZZ^^^ZHIIIIZ %
; af wear stock, 35c and 50c value:, on soecial nec ks— $1750 values for Friday AA. • _ - _ -__ m m* »* ******** •*
*' sale if quantity lasts; Friday and JQq and Saturday, ga.ment. ... CWC SSSmS SOJfS SUMPS, §2*95 X
$ ' ... Men's Rumrhur.da Si k Nickwetr— Blue and Friday and Saturday Only 5
'£ Saie VellS b;ack Erounds '?"!? fiS - Ur l' \" d &*&** A price that will make mothers think. A big lot of Norfolk and Two-Piece Suits worth -J
5* 7 e fi Brands 33C Jtr ' Pel> rCV " lour-m-handi, ****** OQ tQ $s OQ A Stroni Statemtntf hut the Suits warrant IL They are a new purchase J
AT M mM9m M*m €MJM*29 «9<9«v-' A\en*S Union Suits — Jciey ribbed bal- a£4T marked unusually low because we are determined to sell bttter Boys' Suits than any other store. S
1 JJ Friday and Saturday — Several briggan, $1.25 values at at this popular price. The boys" department hus been offering great viluej lately. These Cap \?
H thousand Chenille dotted Tuxedo Men's Cambric Night Robes-Fine quality, the Climax. «f
! * Drape Veils with dottrd borders, plain jj and with two . rows o f trimming on front, full Thcv are made <P the P 0 ?" 1 " Norfolk and Doub.e-brtasted Jacket Style. Sizes 7 to 15 years. *
!* fancy meshes, all. black, \% yards long, length and width well made Egfh—.. ¦ Du«b!e all wool clothi in the new tan and light and dark gray shades overplaidt and mix- ; n
*> actual 50c and 75c values; fine, O^^n ' *&*JrG tures, also brown and olive shades of rough cheviot; splendidly trmmed {£^ O /5T '**
{f new and desirable, each. . . . mS^C b,,^'^,; f^.d w 'ith whiie vertic^ stripes ¦ '"^ P^tly unusual bargains at . .... 9^-^(1 J
¦ af A ff KJ. • Of OP* 11 -* 0 '^ SOCks, white Or Colored em. m^~mm^*mmm^mmmmmm^mm—mm- ft
! aT Sale HOStery broidery; gray mixed lisle thread, black or §MM*+mm9*% STirumm+mm <&mmZ4«* & 4 EZ (ftf% X
$ 7 Be Fancies 56c seif.^ (6 pair. si. *o) p^, 2sc SVlQSl S rSfftCy SUItS, ipB&mUO i
I *( Friday a/ld Saturday — Ladies' mmmmm^^~ mmmmm ~^ m ~ mmmmmmm^^~ mm^~ We think the styles, tailoring and fit of these fifteen dol!ar suit! is a little better than the ocst >g
* imported Lace Lisle Boot Hose, Summer Hais fiftecn d ° :lar £ th J $ T e ' \ Y e put "T iup / rior ta lor^ !n th / m "1 in °5
ft. iiii^i"-" > . our JiO.oo and 125.00 suits, but th'; cloths are no: so fin?, of course. Choose from fin; '3
* With hand-embroidered SllK rose- Late Styles fOI* Men ¦ worsteds and cheviots in dark and medium shades, stripes and plaids, also light shadesin nobby %
J» buds, very latest novelty in hosiery, in Herms- The stetson-- Light, wrght flexible in all P'™** »» d mixtures in both light and msdium weights, suits you will not be ashamed of even **
£ dorf black and new shades of tans and grays, summ . r 6 ' M(JK ' though you arc ln th . habit of paying , mueh higher price . uk( . Q* g- g*g* k
J, exclusive novelties never ¦old at Iessthan 7 5e .tores ask $5.00; our price.. . . $4^ your pick of these, at tyMOmUlf "3
?• the pair, for the two days, sale CTit?^* L «, L X , .^ '»
*. - c . ¦vP^lPCt The Kingsbury— Guaranteed to wear a year, "™ ™^^^^^^^^ . ¦""^^^ ¦«
S iw^c^^ coTo^ I " a $3 Safe Stationery Saie Butter, 33c 5
g Men S Summer styll$h straw$ _ F]at brIm fla£ crown 25o to 50o Kinds, 11o Groceries— Liquors *
tf SitOeS UnqerpriCea smooth braid-here for £O OIS 1000 bOXeS Whiting'S beSt Butter- Our choice cremery, no better, 'j
5 Mcn'S Vid Kid LaCC ShOCS— A gOOd only.. mfW*im%M%* nnalitV Writillff PaDer square, Friday and Saturday ... 3^0 %
»; 13.00 value— extra quality kid Canvas Hat, for men and So,., 25 C . BOO 1,1 ppvplnnP^ in whitP Nabisco Wafers-All Hav^ re 3 u!ar joe, V
% welted soles; full, comfortable Boys' w.,h Sailor Hat, ... soo and envelopes in white J"^« d . s «^/»- • -2*p %
rnZc • hprp for S2.5O Boys' Khaki Hats'. .. . . . . . 25o and colors, octavoand 0 ™- \- : 4 ?° S
1 5 toes, nere ior ip^.uu j , *•"*» American Club Whisky— Straght bourban, %
| J Men's Vid Kid Oxfords-Lste style, coo! and | C 0 IT) merCial gallon $t.98 '«
*¦* * >lf y» P»' r • • ;•-'• • $3*6O ifL « >T8> <;17P«: rnlf^H Hires Root Beer — A delicious tummer drink, .J
!»; Men's Bluchers -Velvet calf lace shoes, In a * //} JM* -. • .• . ? X ±^f\ r " le " 3 bot te s 2So '2
J fine, new style, Comfortable toe, full of eate - J^f O A^/^T 0 Jf g t Jf0f Or plain, TOr 2 Presidcnfj Blue Flag Whisky— Bottle in %
% PSiiliii^ IS^f^^T^™^^- t d t a yv f q u 2 n - cS>rcirB 1 ;.nd tf :A«.,L.iwfS° \
J. cut, cool and summery . ... $1.50 CALIFORNIA'S ||||W ¦ tlty. lasts, bOX Manhattan, etc 97 q 'J
\ Men's Canvas Le^lns--The regulir 5i 00 % -aBS^^^^^^A^ERlCA-S CRANDrST STORE. 24 sheets /#C Cabirnet,Mar«teau- Extra 6-year-old wines, !*
Af quality, pa-r • 75O -** % gallon S2o **
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMFO7CTUM.
THE EMPORIUM
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTI££l£ENTSk
Jjpholstered arm \ ,
Made from good materials and uii-
nsually stylish. The wood is mahogan-
ized birch, resembling genuine mahogany
enough to deceive many. 'All. of. our up-
holstered furniture is of an exceptionally
good quality, yet much of it is quite inex- '
•pensive. 'Chairs, rockers, settees and /
davenports are all here in big variety.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to. 281 Geary Street, at Union Square
|||h Duck
Trousers
¦'^(HBfes $ r°°
BpK£M fr r\ *Jo«i They were made in our work-
'^fcpjft) Vfj c j fty shops - and treated as regular
JJte*&pe&^jgnfc<j trousers,- with due regard for
Jr . , style, fit and finish.
f I I ' The duck is of good quality,
/ 1 1 •• . aQ d before being cut Was fully
I shrunk so as to prevent further
'¦ Ifi.'i \) shrinking. You appreciate duck
s . 1/ )^i ' pants that do not get shorter
:^«3 r (vJft every time they are laundered.
J-'Jjw / P ! *[-' The seams and turned up bot-
iVfjSI L ifi) toms are double sewed, thus
•fail Mk P.^t'»* making them strong.
*Ha $Sn The cost of duck material has
'*w nMxv ! risen to such an extent that the
ifW « 'Jii l$&*i actual value of these trousers
»3y iP^I m^- is. $1.25 to $1.50.
% M pyiWai Iv r Sizes 28 to 44 waist and 30
W JPwjj *$' to 38 length.
7 /slfv^wXl 1/-^ *^^ e trousers are P r ' ce d #1.
(i V ''nmffwa * ; I Fine a ssortment of belts in.
V jfl-VJV'A'Jru 1 all styles and shades at 25c
I m$$: ° V/3I \ and 50c.
. /• /£•;•¦'' *'\\ \ Mai! orders filled— write to-day.
*GE? . 740 Market StreetBERKELEY. May 19. — i n response
to an urgent 'demand from the farm
ers near Modesto, Professor C W.
Woodworth and a staff of assistants
from the agricultural department of
the University of California are en
gaged in fighting a grasshopper plage*
that threatens to destroy crop* to the
value of thousands of dollars in Stan
islaus County.
Professor Woodworth reports hav
ing burned over large areas ia the
hope of killing the young hoppers and
destroying the eggs In the breeding
places.
Professor Fights - Locusts.
dana ADatrrs Kt5 ur:rr — .<-xjlvcuev
Mar *3L — FTwS C fta 1 **. t5a> Wt.-Jwr vtip *a-
Kin*** tsVcKv sat-a*-!- J-va» li» wtifCwra-.
OAKLAND. May 19. — The first final
decree of divorce granted in this coun
ty since the present law took effect
was granted to-day by, JUdge Melvin
to Jacob B. Woods, separating him
from Alice. Woods, on the ground of
desertion. An interlocutory decree
was handed down in the case a year
ago and to-day that decree was made
final.-- Alice A. Maddox was divorced
to-day from H. B. Maddox on the
ground of desertion. An action for
divorce was begun by J. de Young
against Alice M. de Young on the
ground of desertion."" Marie L. Hub
bell has begun divorce proceedings
against S. G. Hubbell of Alameda on
ground of cruelty.
First Final Decree Is Granted.
John "G. Moran had two charges of
burglary against him and when the
cases were called yesterday to be set.
he pleaded guilty. He will be sen
tenced on May SS. He entered the rooms
of Duncan E. McKinlay at 632 .Post
street on February 28 and stole a num
ber of suits of clothes and several,
badges and emblems. On January 31
he entered the office of Dr. W. H. Sie
berst. 233 Geary street, ana stole some
clothing and a gold emblem.
Emanuel Sands was cnarged with
burglary. When the case was called
for trial he agreed to plead guilty to an
attempt to commit burglary. This effer
was accepted,. He will be sentenced to
morrow. He entered the residence of
William J. Pllcher. 1«*H Fifth street,
on January 20-
Judge Dunne is having a streak of
luck in defendants who are pleading
guilty and saving the annoyance and
expense of trials. Last week five adopt
ed this course in one day and yesterday
two more followed suit-
John G. Moran and Emannel Sands
Save City the Expense of Pnttlnjp
Them on Trial.
PRISONERS CHARGED A\TTH
BURGLARY. PLEAD GUILTY
SftuwU Roartl Ibex's l»e<kit.
BERKELEY. May 1?.— Tlv Board
cf Education inds itself face to face
*»tth a deficit of J»04«. irhic-h will
have accrued by July l. This is C;ty
Auditor Har.*eom"s report to the
board, which cor.5i:lted him in order to
learn whether school teachers* sal
aries could be raised in aecord.-.r.v-e
with thetr ar-pH«"atioa. The board is
now convinced that no salaries can
be increased this year. The dcScit is
not as a!arrr.iag as it sseenis. however.
It ca.n be tera-Mirsriry- tided over by the
funds the town will receive freai the
State apportlcnment In July. But it
-rill require sotn« finicciertriir to ke»?p
the department colnjr next year, and
the School Director* are already j>lan
r.'.rp to cct «Iowri rxper.se*.
The annual meeting and election of
the Alumni Association of the College
of Physicans and Surgeons was held
at the college building Tuesday night.
Most all the graduates of the class of
1904 were enrolled as members, and.
after listening to the interesting re
ports of President Dr. R. R. Bullock
and Secretary Troppmann. the follow
ing officers were elected for the ensu
ing year: President. Dr. Carroll O.
Southard: first vice president. Dr.
Thomas Fletcher: second vice presi
dent. Dr. F. C Keck: secretary. Dr.
Charles M. Troppinann: treasurer. Dr.
R. R. Bullock; executive committee —
Dr. Charles S. Downes, Dr. Francis B,
Williams. Dr. Charles A. Morris, Dr.
Blake Franklin. T>t. Adelph Rrocsoa,
Dr. Fletcher S. Pyle. S. A. Gv>!d*n*a,
Ph. G.
Alumni Electi* Offlcers.
Otto B. Schuster of Frarvlcfort. Ger
many, -artuss* father is a pracglaeag
tanker and c!osety associ*T?«a ¦«r:^s tie
Sfevers. has been a rrsest a? tie P*J
a<re for *«T*raJ day*. H* i* auUti^ a
tour of this ccojr for ttw! r^-rTv-^ -*?
icfpectinj* mines. *sr»v
Dr. Ararjo, a coffee plar.ter et San
Salvador, and the members cf his
family arriv**2 oa jreai^rsUy'* steamer
from the soutli and are szxyisg xt Use
OeciientaL
Count Prevos* d? BriSierw of Paris.
who is touring this country, is at tie
St. Francis. . '-.-,, .
Charles Mor.roe. an attorney of Los
Angeles, Ls at the St. Franci*
Rev. ar.d Mrs. J. W. Campbell of
New Castle. Pa-, are at the Grand.
Xoah Adajss. a wealthy lumber
man of Minneapolis, is at the Palaces
A. S. Montgomery, a lumber man of
Saginaw, and wife are at tae St. Fran
cis.
Former Railroad ComssisyJoner E.
B. Edson of Gaxe'Je is at tise Occi
der.taL
PERSONAL.
Judge Waymire testified that the
claims, when he and Baggett bought
them in IS SO. were twenty years old.
They paid Castro Vallejo and Alviso
about $3000. From the Mexican Gov
ernment they m&naged to get $16,000
worth of bonds, -which were worth 11
cents on the dollar, and thev were
thus out J12S0 on the transaction.
The defense Alleges that Alviso. the
plaintiff, knows this." but uses the old
claim for the. purpose of other suits.
In 1SS9 he signed a receipt, for $45
for any claim he might have asain«t
his brother Valentine.
OAKLAND, May 19. — From testi
mony Introduced to-day in the trial
of the suit of Jose Guadaiupe Alviso
against his brother, Valentine Alviso,
Judge James A. Way mire and W. T.
Bagsett. it appears that Jose Guada
iupe Alviso's pretended claim to an
interest in an old Mexican loan oi
• 600.000 is worthless and has been
for twenty years. The statute of lim
itations bars the claim. Furthermore,
AlyfM sold all his interest in it to
Waymire and Bagsett and also a sec
ond time to his brother for a song. He.
however, has used the claim as a ba
sis for different civil actions during
the last fifteen years. .*
Ground of Action,
Alvbo's Snlt Alleged to Ik? an Attempt
to Obtain Money on Worthless
CLAIMS FOR -.MEXICAN" !
GOLD LONG OUTLAWED
Strauss Hall was handsomely deco
rated for this memorable occasion.
Warren Wilkenson. superintendent of
the institute, presided and helped his
blind friends on th© rostrum. The fol
lowing programme was carried out:
Address of welcome, John Dendoro;
vocal solo. "A Bunch of Violets." John
Paxton; class history. Catherine Mor
rison; piano solo. "Serenade," Eben
Gay; class address. Benjamin David;
vocal solo, class song. John Paxton;
class prophesy; vocal solo, John Don
dero; farewell address, John Paxton.
BERKELEY.. May 19: — The grad
uating exercises for the blind
of the State Institute for the Deaf and
the Blind were held yesterday after
noon in Strauss Hall, at the institute.
A programme of music and recitations
was given and the members of the
class gave a wonderful exhlbjtion of
their intellectual attainments.
The motto of the class. "Rowing.
Not Drifting." was adopted when Its
members began their studies at the
Institute and this has furnished them
with an inspiration throughout their
academic careers.
Rlind Pupil* Get Diplomas.
OAKLAND, May 1?. — As a rcsxi't of
the etmptalnt* made to the Grand
Jury »nd otherwise published by At
tt»rn* > y James H. Boyer agaSr.st Cort
*taM* Ifcrt llempstead. he has sworn
to a chant* of criminal Hbel against
Bayer nr.d * wtirrant for his arrest
ha? been placed In the hand* of thr»
po!5re.
Boy«r h»d some ditSculty with
Hemprtesd' about TK.O placed in
Hnnpr*.«.'a»3** hands a< a bond. Boyer
chiirptsl Hempstead with trying to
steal the money after Ja£s« Hall had
decided that lie-spread had a right
to keep It and has reiterated his
charge before the Orand Jury and
other places.
to Refute Statements Made
About Him.
t'cm-itable I»crt llo*ti|^tead Tnkrs Step*
CHARGES .». II. IIOYER
WITH CRIMINAL LIBEL
Broommakers' Union Xo. 58 last
night passed resolutions denying that
any boycott existed or that the organ
ization had at any time taken action
tending to discourage the purchase of
the brooms made at the Home for
Adult Blind.
As a result of a strike yesterday
among the painters employed by Jabez
Swan, he has declared himself in favor
of the open shop and announced his
intention of maintaining one hereafter.
Delegates from the Painters* Union
yesterday called on Swan and demand
ed that he discharge a painter named
Brundage. Upon his refusal to do so,
the men in his shop were called out.
It is claimed that a similar order was
sent to men employed by Swan on out
side jobs, but they refused to strike.
The objection to Brundage Is said to
have developed out of a recent fight
in the Buildiag Trades Council between
him and P. H. McCarthy.
After two conferences between the
Stable and Carriage Owners' Associa
tion and the Stablemen's Union noth
ing has been accomplished tending to
bring about a truce. The representa
tives of the Carriage Owners' Associa
tion were outspoken yesterday in the
determination to stand by the open
shop notice posted in all the stables.
These are running full handed, with a
number of applicants on the list ready
and willing to go to work.
The defendant expressed surprise at
his arrest. He emphatically denied the
charge and said that Lartisis had been
hounding him for the pa*t six months.
"The company is sciTem." he said,
"although we had heavy losses on wire
over a year asro. I cock! not embezzle
the funds, as I have Ecthiny whatever
to do with the books.*
George de Latour. manager of the
Golden "West Company, a wine con
cern at 430 Montgomery street, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Detect
ive Brais and booked at the City Prisca
on a charge of felony embezzlement.
The complaint was sworn to before
Police Judge Fritx by J. P. Lartisria.
1504 Golden Gate avenue, who is one
of the stockholders, and alleges that on
October «, 1902. the defendant .embez
zled 11327 SO of the company's fundf.
He was released on $30C0 bonds.
on Complaint of Stockholder.
Georpe de La tour. Manager of the
Golden West Company. Arrested
Broomniakers Deny They Are Boy
cimlnp Stores Which Handle "
Product of Blind Asylum.
ACCTSED OF E3IBE2aLIXG
FUNDS OF WTXE CONCERN*
PAINTERS STRIKE AXD AN
OPEN SHOP IS DECLARED
The commencement exercises of the
College of Physicians and Surgeons of
San Francisco were held last night at
Alhambra Theater, which was filled
to the doors. Addresses were made by
Professor D. A. Hodghead. Professor
Winslow Anderson, president of the
cellege, and R«v. Bradford Leavitt.
The invocation and benediction were
delivered by Rev. L. C. Sanford.
Adolph Bronson. George Edward
Chappell. Edward Newell and W. C.
Pruett, the honor graduates, received
appointments as internes at the City
and County Hospital.
Following fs a list of those receiving
diplomas:
Doctors of roedieio* — Alfred Edward Baaka.
Emille Be41. Albert J. lierg-r. Harry Wood
Bray-ton. Adolph Kron«on. Beaumont Brown.
Reuben Da-rison Burcess (B. S.) Harry I*
Carpenter. Alvln Edcar Cerf. Georce Edward
Ctapp*ll. Winiaa Z. DahL T. Alexander
Dannenberf. William J. FkdtensM'a. Blake
Frkcilln. Caaas A. Holt, G*org> Easen*
KIcensan, WUllarn Herman L*vey <D D 3 )
Edward Newell. Robert UcWUliam O'Neal!
Edwin Everett Porter. William Clifford Prnett,
Fletcher Stanhope Pyle. Elizabeth B 5ieb-
CharJes Harold SoU. Charles Mortimer Stew
art, T. F. Thorp. Julian Uoyd Waller. Charles
Arlinstca Wheeler. Joseph Ernest Tat*».
Doctor* of dectal «urs»ry — Arthur Van
Ackrr. Edward William Alsberg*. SJsirtey J.
Ashby. Ernest E. Badsler. Bertram C. Best.
J. Rudolrh Blauer. K!N»rt EMrtd** Bloa»«r
Reuben Raymond Castle. Etiward Lucien
PombersTr. WiU-efcn J. rteckenstein. Albert
Theodore Gruttner. Leon Hellbron Marks
Harry Charles Mer.tx. Otis Lock? Miller Roy
Mccre. Ernest Ki&c Pctara, AUttrt David
Prtno*. Fletcher Stanhop* Pyle Frederick Gray
Re«s. CUScrd WHUaia Soott, Carl Harrington
Schultx. Harry Daaiel Saiiih. A!**rt Rudnloh
Stelnwald. Faacher d» Qarcso Taft, Victor John
Veckl.- I-ew Edward Wallace. J. Edwin
Wl*d*r. Geoir* B&rden Tcaat. •
Graduates la pharmacy — Vary E. Csshssaa
Birch. Alice M. Desponds. L*ca de VlUe.G*crre
C. Harvey. Violet C. Salter.
Doctor* of pharmacy — Charles Alfred Mer
r!«. Panl A. Dubct*.
GradaAtlnfc Students of the College of
Physicians and Sargeons Are
Awarded Diplomas.
OAKLAXD. May 19. — The follow
ing persons were given permits to
marry by the County Clerk to-day:
James P. Wilkinson, 31, San Fran
cisco, and Ida Parkhurst, 24, Oakland.
IJcensed to Wed.
BIG AUDIENCE ATTENDS
COM31ENCEMENT EXERCISES
Sends Regret* Tliat . Invitation to Be
at Opening Most Re
Declined.
LIVERMORE. May 19.— President
Theodore Roosevelt has sent "his re-,
grets at not being able to b« present
at the opening of the Sweeny Opera
house to-morrow night to witness the
production by Company I of the Fifth
Regiment of the stirring war drama
'•Santiago." the plot of which Includes
sct-nes in which the head of the na
tion ftsrured as a Rough Rider.
The following is the President's re
ply to the invitation:
WHITE HOUSE.
WASHINGTON. May 10. 1001.
My Dear Sir: Tour letter ot th* T>th ln*t.
has been received and the President thank*
you for the cordial invitation extended to him.
He renrets that he will b* unable to b* pres
ent en th* occasion to which you refer. With
b«*t wishes for th* success of th* occat°k>a I
am. very truly yours
WIUL.IAM LOEB JR.,
§ Secretary to the President
Mr. M. G. Callajthan, Compaay Clerk, Fifth
Regiment Infantry. X. O. C-. L«'v*rmore. Cal.
With the presentation of "Santiago"
to-morrow night Sweeney's Opera
house will be opened to the public for
the first time. The following are In
the cast: E. C. Martin. John McLeod,
Mayme Dougherty, Grace Wells, Wil
liam Reid, G. W. Black, W. J. Connell.
L. Mudden, B. E^ Carroll, M. Sander
son. E. J. Inman. Fred Tetzel, M. San
derson. N. Armstrong. Fred- Crow,
Fred. Young. Leo Jacker. J. F. Walker.
W. P. Teeters. Elmer Lenhart. De Wit
Dutcher. Henry Lassen. Wilson Arm
strong 1 . George Cronin. Joe Casey. Joe
Callaghan. Fred Bmdshaw. Frank
Fitzgerald, Fred Fretzel and J. Teeters,
OAKLAND. May 19.— Police Judges
Mortimer Smith, has taken under ad
visement the question whether Mrs.
Luck Moore swore at i Miss May Mor-^
rissey. a telephone girl, in whose com
pany was W. W. Moore Jr., the di
vorced husband of the defendant, Mrs.
Moore. The trial was to-day.
Last Sunday Moore went driving
with Miss Morrissey and his two chil
dren, promising, to return them to
their mother at 1 o'clock p. m. Three
hours later he put in an appearance
near his former wife's" residence. 970
East Fifteenth street. The mother,
who was waiting, began to hurl epi
thets at Miss Morrissey as if from a
catapult as soon as the team hove In
sight. That Is Miss Morrissey*B charge.
In court to-day Miss Morrissey said
it was awful. Moore did not testify,
but he asserted unofficially that the
air was streaked with Inelegant vocal
utterances. Mrs. Bessie Murdock,
mother of Mrs. Moore, and her sister
in-law. Mrs. Nina Murdock, declared
they were only half a block from the
scene and that Mrs. Moore was quite
a lady during the meeting.
Divorced Wife.
W. W. .Moore Jr. Figures in Petty
Criminal Court Case Involving^'
WOMAN'S ALLEGED CURSES
ARREST COURTS ATTENTION*
PRESIDENT WILL* NOT
SEE LIVERMORE VLAX
Well-KnoTvn 3IercIiant Plea.xan.tly R^
metxred n.s He Departs for
£astern Vi-it.
A. H. Vail, president Vrf Sanborrl,
Vail & Co.. left for the East last night.
His journey will be an extensive one.
aj» he is to visit all of the principal
Eastern cities, besides spending some
time at the St. Louis Exposition.
Mrs. Vail and their son Stanly will
accompany hrm. The employes of the
firm, as a token of the. esteem in which
they hold their employer, -presented
him with a beautiful gold watch suit
ably inscribed. In order that none
should give any more .than- their
heart's desire in this presentation no
lists were made and each indivldua.1
gave just what he pleased. The result
shows the genuine feeling of regard
and friendship which each of the 3G0
employes feek for Mr. Vail, who has
been a good friend as well as a good
employer.
¦ OAKLAND. May 19. — John Peter
son, the proprietor of a boathouse at
the foot of Twelfth avenue, in East
Oakland, reported to the police this
evening that on last Tuesday afternoon
a well-dressed man hired a skiff from
him and "went rowing- on the estuary
and neither man nor boat has re
turned. Peterson thinks the stranger
has committed suicide. The stranger
was -about 5 feet 9 Inches in height
and weighing nearly 200 pounds. He
wore a dark suit of clothes. -
Hires Boat and Disappears.
VAII/S GRATEFUL ETMPLOYES
TRESEXT III3I WITH WATCH
Ta* ecjraiPfniect cf Dr. Beaja-sin EtekeveQ
«- *. Miss (Vnha McE*jatli was acaoca«wd tO
«i»y.
Tie kwrwiax ea*» ar* rr^i.-*.:=« another
ert5*ireai*at aa»ccsw>*»*ct l»{m fe«c. "SV
b •>«« t>t f«jr beaatifsi liners and ****** is a
yoa-yr ba»la*s» bu arre>r« tfc* b«T, When tt
Is --.-A~s,-r-i — ar4. it aot reStty. CttrM Is e*r
•*¦-'» a virUta ¦:'. ctrrssrtantta) ertdeac* — tSe
yrcne U4y wta be th* ©!s**ct tssfh ester
:*:-;=«. a* «bf U extreaaviy perslar.
FKcnee* Watch, th* cfcartslar irirt who has
b**a wen by A*a MeasStsfcan. wta al*e> be «
Jsa* brid*. W*xt=^iar th* r*j harts^ be*a
earned a* t^e crrstriU £ar>
"WediiTsr* cay eetue aa3 w«dd:-|rs nv»r ra.
but the ear«jr*d jrirt «**n* to Ue always* with
u«. We alwar* *»»?? at least tws or thre*
cc^\*r.:ent ca aa ««» to **st^rtaia. and tfc*
bride* eject fcjtri« furnished a sao;ire ftr taoist
oi th» afTitrs that ha^e been worth while
Jest as r***!»>»t Ed:th LarkeT. Linian Mv>ler
ar^l F!f>sreac* Hatch ar* th* crater cf Intfr***
aav*,t3»tdeat*l'y.a« cnach ectertatelcf a« trcus
swau-rCar^iIac wm allcw. Xe« Satnrdar tb*
Msr^es toffrtn wl'J rntertaid Tt Mlw Lirker
and M.» MciS*T..acd ra Juae < Mr». Kisi>;h
Ycrter will be haste's st a "kltch*a stower."
ccr-vitr!»»r(tarj ts M!*» Lark*y. Tfci* dark
eyed yoanir brl-de-to-b* has b**a th* rr.-".-.1 «f
a noskr <ci >r.*'.L Informal afatrs. bat h*r
ff'.!;-; day Is fast arrrvacsinjr — hi Jca* It
•? to b* ¦ »p tS*< T^-rker sbewer wtn prr-baolr
be »-!j* last aCatr la hrr K-ccr
Tfce r*v-»ptic v a clven by Mr. aod Mrs. Jara*s
Mcr*ia last *rrEla« tn hesor of th*!r twraty
third -"•**: -':-.* aenlretvarr was o&e o* th*
rl*asaat anj briUlect aCatra or th* w*ek. a
hcadred cr Borj c.w<t* ceocratuUtfd th*
harry «Ns«r**. S 5 **^™! n:a«:--ai nsaben a«ivJ*d
ccr*Jd*r*My to t?»* cer.era! eejoyraent Mr*.
Vninret r>ax-l» !tssa*s and Mis, H*rd o<
S»a Fran<is««i wrre heart! in puiw srelerticns,
ac>*. Xi«s Alrerta Metre. Jcdre Harrr Me!\1a"»
haavli=os>* r«uT4r *;«er-!a-l»w. «-; Th*.
Me!\1a boy». B->S> and J»rr-« ar* also a-x-cra
ru.-JwJ tnaslcUr* and ec*»tribut*d ta the
truftca! feast.
OAKLAND, May 19— From "Ttniihauiier"
to a "tal>> gone" is a bU «lldr and frw could
do it to artistically as u:4 ifn. Raymond C.
ittoofcl at th* \V<-dat*<l*j- Jdcralnc Musical
Club s cmcrn l»«i ntchi. Mr*, iirvoks bas> *
o;**r. wrli-tralaeU v;:uno vim-* and h« r«i-
J:tlon at th- s;U-n'.:a "Web Th^ur* Halle"
irvm '"lannbau^rr" »as such as to call i.-rth
a Mcrra «\l ari>iau»e. rr>pondM to r*
ivatisl tfncvn?!.
. It Is t*l* to wa«»r that the chlldlih. frljclu
?:'.i"d ""Hurrah! Hurrah: Hurrah', tor th* Ked.
\". !.;:e and Kle-u-u:" flaunted th* dr«ams oi
f\-ery|yKlir that hrarU Mrs. Un>oks" worvl»\ .
fully o.e»tT imitation ot a v*rr *mall child
»in»:nc
lOfr crowd that tlUfi th* El*!! room* last
Rifht •enu'-d ta I* very apprtviatlw and weil'
It n:!sht if. it »*!do:n has a programme M
such rral *xo>rllfnf« b»-*n jTrsenird by ama
tfurs. Th- ftano i>o<<»}st!i were har«il«ip<rvt by
a po>>r tr.Mrumrnt. but thrr did Sae work ccv
«-rth«l*5*.
Miss Pauline OentniT rendition of th* Wap
"tn-r-Ui^it •; : ;>iTin*T:ied" was one of the best
tfclas* •'" th* it punm- ha* had the
auvantag* t-i European training, havlnic Mud
led w-ttb ltarth ta IWritn for a number of
varv and »¦¦¦ r work shows faithful and Intel
ilt«Bt rtudy. as well «« temperament. Mt»s
l.:.::.ir. R*mll2ard ha? svK'h an attractive fac?
that one n\n\ ->t fi-ryi* to listen to her *1nc-<
lar. tut her walti Kccg frvm "nomeo and
Juilet" wu a revelation to her rrier.ds. Mrs.
Stratton was at her best In "Melne LJebc 1st
Orua." so rr.-nir.i.-orm of Schurnas-Hetock. .
The entire programme was as follow*:
Otsopln. K*>ndo. op. 73 ttwo plaooa). Mrs. W".
F. Curtis. Miss Ella Clark; Hahn •«> L/Heure
Kx<jui*?. Ronald ib) NUbl. Cl.Minod vc) Walt.
.---.< tK.'rv.r... and Juliette). Uls? LJUian RetniL
lcr.i; Wacner-LUau tfplnnerlled « Flying DulcK
n..m>. Mts* Tautln* Collins; ltrahaie •*> Keld
elnsatn Kelt. ib» Mein* Llebe 1st rrua. Mrs.
Frederick S». Stratum: SvenJ«.-n la) K r-..inr^:
FVanools Schubert U>> U'AbelH*. Mts* Winifred
June Morgan. acoonjpanlM by Ml» 8*u
<ar. VVattrman; Studta*: ta) Frulings
rancben. Richard Itunaelrter (fc) Per
sian tcr.g. Miss l!r.:a Curry Chaw. Brahms
«a) Love Will pind Out the Way. tbt The Two
t»e*r». M!s**s Ruth and Su«aa Waterman;
T«rr*a. O»rreno (a) Ml Tereslta. Fran* L.t*xt
tbt Uebertraume. Miss Clara IVtrn: Wsjn.r. :
r»U-h Tbecrr Halle iTinnhaowrl. Mrs. Ray- j
n»cnd C Brc»k»; Hec**lt. St Olseau J"e*a.» j
(two pttiMvt. Mr*. H. H. Crafts, MJss Collins. '
The Wednesday Mcralnr Clufc hat done i
: n.och tar Oakland ia a musical way and has
l-r.-nn rapidly In th* U*t yesr. The member*
«r» anxious ta larnfasc the a**oeiate llst.\that
?hey may work c^i broaJer lines, after the
fas-Mon of th* Saturday Club In sSacrareento,
wLtra nsmber* 9(V rnUiussaMlc xneTcb*n>.
I"U<- cutMTt last nlgst was thy last of thi*
i > .»« i_ and th* number tn tilteadasce was
ftetterlnc to the rep«tatlt>n the clxtb has made
tor itwlf. The BueTts *-er» jeated by Misses
C<nJ«r j:Uh?r>. Albert* Jor-rs. Hdith Hibbertl
and Je«*le Uamcw, th* «s*ser» for the clubv
• • •
"¦ Th* Havrn* dlsner for Mr. and Mrs. F. Si
Sastlh ccBtlau«-s t^ b* the rub*e<-t c? pleasant
comment. Th* d*comtions were mort elab
orate than irt often k» in Oaktaod fcr a
mere tJinn"^. * The hostess is usually conieat
with a crcvenlScmal and easily arraiwed c*nter
pier*. FYrns what eo* hear*, however.- the
lU\ess tafci* raust hav*- been •triiiinsty bexu
t'.rul. Two j-»chts. fashioned entirely of Sjw
ers, r<r»ti-d ./*. a Jarre clrrular talrrcr. One
was a m«x>«( of Mr. Smlth'» racht Hanotl and
th« other r*prrse3t««d th* b>.-vat acaltut which
I b» witl r»c» ta New Tor* this >Bmnfr. Th*
ireneral svh^me was cautk-at and carried out
I ia a very artistic manner.
Th* raeris who enjoyed this unique dinner
w»r» Mr. *r..i Mrs. Frank M. Sraith. Mr. ani
Mr*. TVWMm H»\-*r.». Ml** Var'.-.r, Smith,
Mis» ExTlra E1U». Mi« Florence XisatSnira}*.
Ml*-? CSrar* t'petry. Harold Harens. R.-<>ert
; New*il. r»r. WlJHani S. IVrter. Mr. ard Mrs.
! I- It- M*»«I». Mr. and Mrs. J,>hn C. K'.ia*.
iVrd Ha\Tns and Walter I^*s»ert.
Th* Smiths leave for tfceir country hem* at
Shelter I^icd. New York. In a few Oays
• « a
By Zoe «rtvn Uadclifle.
SONGS MAKE HIT
OAKLAND, May 19. — The com
mencement exercises of California
College were held this morning in the
college hall. Diplomas were awarded
to the fallowing graduates: For the
degree of associate of letters, Miss
Hetty Betheen Foster and Miss Ruth
McCune Silver, both of Dixon; for the
degree of bachelor of music. Miss El
sie Johnson and George Ellinwood
Joy. both of Oakland.
There was an address by Chaplain
C. C. Bateman. U. S. A., on "Our Part
in the Drama of the Pacific." At 1
o'clock lunch was served and the af
ter dinner speeches closed the exer
cises.
Graduntes Receive Diplomas.
OAKLAND. May 13. — .Mrs. . Rosa
belle Walk, aged 40 years, died [this
morning at her home, 1424 East Thir
tieth street. She was the wife. of Dr.
J. J. Walk of this city and was th»
sister of Professor L. D. Inskeep of
the Polytechnic High School and of
Mrs. J. M. Sterling.
Richard Hazzard. a veteran of. th*
Civil War. passed away to-day at his
home, 1251 East Twenty-ftfth rtree't.
aged 67 years. He was a member of
Lyon Post No. », G. A. R.. and ha$
resided in this city for more than
twenty-five years. He leaves a* widow.
Alameda County Deaths.
DENVER. Colo.. May 19r — Sister
Frances Xavier, a notable personagp
ia Western charitable and xeligiona
circles, died from apoplexy at St. Jq
seph's Hospital in this city to-day.
She was a member of the order of the
Sisters of Charity and was a leading
factor in the founding and develop
ment of various institutions connect
ed therewith. She was born tn Ire
land in 1837 and was a sister for mor*
than forty years. She was the found
er of St. Vincent's Orphanage of Den
ver, in which institution she labored
for the last twenty-one years. Th£
funeral services will be heM next Sun
day in the cathedral at Leavenworth,
Kans., and the interment will take
place in the cemetery attached to the
mother house of the order in lh4t city.
Mayor Olney has given orders to the
Police Department to resume the arrests
of scavengers who violate the garbage
crematory ordinance. In explanation
the Mayor said that the ordinance was
a law of the city and he could not per
mit its open violation to continue.
Cases of thirteen scavengers hereto
fore arrested were continued in the Po
lice Court to-day until May 28.
Attorney J. H. Creely, for the scav
engers, said to-day that in their behalf
injunction proceedings would be com
menced to-morrow in the Superior
Court against the Pacific Incinerating
Company. Creely claims that Leon
ardo Vinci's family has been made 111
by odors from garbage that remained
for a week near the crematory before
being incinerated.
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
1118 Broadway, May 19.
One line has already been run from
Livermore. by the little settlement of
Dublin, through the Haywards Pass,
into ¦ Castro Valley, up the Redwood
Canyon. Then it divides, one branch
going over the hills to Fruitvale and
thence to Oaklnnd. and the other run
ning to Walnut Creek and on toward
Sacramento.
Not satisfied with this line, one party
of surveyors is now at work in"* the
Xlles Canyon running a line from
Livermore to San Jose, parallel with
the line of the Southern Pacific Com
pany." Another party o\ surveyors has
run a line from Walnut Creek down the
San Pablo Creek Canyon to Point Rich
mond and is at present surveying in
that section. The third party la work
ing between Black Diamond on the
Sacramento River, and Sacramento.
Rumors In any quantity can be had
In regard ,to this road, but the fact re
mains that the .surveying: parties are
still In the field, and that they are still
working away in spite' of the stories
that the road has sold out."
One party Is working In Alameda
County In the Nlles Canyon. A second
party is on the bay shore in the neigh
borhood of Point Richmond and San
Pablo. The third party is working
along the Sacramento River from the
river shore near Black Diamond in
Contra Costa County north 'through
Solano County.
While these parties maintain ?silence
In regard to their objective points, it
is evident, from their line of work, that
they have not definitely decided upon
the details of their surveys. They are
working through every pass in the
hills and are running lines In every
direction.
Despite all stories to the contrary,
the surveyors of the Western Pacific
Hailroad are still working through Ala-r
meda and Contra Costa counties.
There are at present three surveying
parties for this railroad working
around the eastern bay shore, and none
of them has been called in.
Oakland Office Sari Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 20.
The Council to-night began its in
quiry into the value or tne plant of
the Contra Costa Water Company for
the purpose of fixing water rates. On
motion of President Dornin a commit
i.-.r of three was appointed to obtain
the services of two bankers from out
side the city of Oakland to give their
c-pinion of a fair rate of Interest to be
allowed the company. Chairman El
liott appointed upon this committee
Councilman Altken, Pendleton and
Meese. The work of checking up the
value of tools, offices, appliances .and
supplies was loft to City Engineer Tur
ner. On motion of President Dornin
it was decided to secure the service of
two competent real estate men to check
up the appraisement of the Contra Cos
ta Water Company's real estate. This
consists of about twenty-five different
pieces and is valued by the company
at approximately $125,000.
Th* cost of th<» construction of the
plant was then gone into, Consulting
Engineer A. L. Adams of the Contra
Costa Water Company answering the
questions put to him by the different
memtxTS ff the Council. This branch
of the investigation was not completed
and an adjournment was taken to next
Saturday night.
Oakland Oflice San Franciacr) Call.
111S Broadway. May 19.
Harry Richards, actor and singer,
and the defendant in the case, will go
on the stand in the morning and tell
his 5ide of the Storv.
D. B. Dias was another of those she
had mentioned in her letters as living
at the boarding .house at Ninth and
Center streets. She said Dias was
"her's." It was' discovered in the
cross-examination that she> had sent
him a pin cushion at Christmas in the
shape of a leg. Attorneys were curious
to know whv she should have sent
Dias the cushion.
She said she was nice to a Air de
Witt because he , would roll her baby
buggy. She denied that he had ever
spent any money on her. but thought
he was "easy."
Then there was a Mr. Aldrlch she
had written about. He .used to put
stamps on her letters. She said she
was merelv grateful to him for this.
The ghost of the letters could not be
driven away.
The letters written by Mrs. Florence
Richards to her friend Miss Annie
Fennlng, and which' are now figuring
prominently in the hearing of the
Hichards* divorce action, were the sub
ject of the entire day's investigation.
Explain how she would, the missives
which fell unopportunely into the
hands of her husband will not down,
and what she said about her male as
sociates has been the subject of ex
haustless inquiry.
In her letters she said she fancied
George D. Cotton, a yard foreman in
the employ of the Southern Pacific,
and when the attorneys seemed at all
short of questioning they made her tell
just what she meant by it. She said
that what she had written was in a
jocular strain and that It did not indi
cate that she would have done any
thing wrong in the pursuit of a harm
less flirtation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS May 19.
SALT LAKE. May 19.— For fully a
quarter of an hour Dr. C. F. Wllcox.
City Health Commissioner, fought In
the dark for his life with a white bull
dogr last night. The encounter took
place on a short thorougnfare that i3
dark at night, there being no lights on
It. As Dr. WUcox was walking along
the sidewalk with his heavy walking
stick in his hand, he approached a
beam of light thrown across his path
from a lamp shining through an unob
structed window in a house standing
next to the home he was to visit. Just
as he reached the gate of the house
from which the light came a bulldog
seized him by the leg and threw him to
the ground. Knowing that a bulldog's
favorite hold is at the throat, the phy
sician threw up his left arm to pro
tect his throat. He had not thrown up
his heavily coated arm an instant too
soon, for the dog made a grab at his
throat, ripping the doctor's overcoat
from elbow to wrist. Then began a
fight for life.
Dr. Wilcox still retained his hold
upon his walking stick as he lay flat
upon the jrround with the dog on top
of him. With all his strength, and the
doctor Is a powerful man, he struck
the animal on the head. Over and
over they rolled, the dog biting the
physician, who was striking him with
his stick. Time and again the brute
barely missed seizing "Wilcox's throat.
At the end of about fifteen minutes
Dr. Wilcox was nearly exhausted. Re
alizing that he must make one more
attempt. Dr. Wilcox used his cane with
renewed vigor. The "blows delivered
with the force of despair had the de
sired effect. The bulldog finally gave
up the fight and retreated into the
darkness. When Dr. Wilcox reached
the home of his patient he was found
to be so seriously lacerated and bruised
that he had to be taken home in a
carriage. He is confined to his bed.
His clothes were in shreds. The dog.
when taken to the pound to-day to be
shot, was covered with welts and
bruises made by the cane, and his head
was one mass of cuts, the skull being
exposed in several places. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fajr Correspondent Claims
That Missives Tell Only
of Her Mild Flirtations
Three Different Outfits Are
Working Through the
Eastern • Shore Counties
Bankers and Real Estate
Men Will Give Advice as
to a Just Appraisement
Attorney Says Effort AVill
Be Made to Stop Work at
the Incinerating Plant
NOBLE FRIEND
OF THE POOR
PASSES AWAY
Medical Han Is Seriously
Injured Before He Beats
Off His Brute Assailant
THREAT OF INJUNCTION
RUNNING MANY LINES
TO PAY FAIR. INTEREST
COULD SEE X0 HARM
Florence Eichards Explains
Concerning Her Coinmenta
on Her Men Acquaintances
The election for the board of trus
tees of Mills College held In the morn-,
ir.ft. resulted as follows: President.
Rer. C. R. Brown: vice rrv?l<!«it. Col
ons! George C. Kdwards: secretarr.
Warren Olcey; treasurer. Mrs. C T.
Mil!*. Miss Mabel Thayer dray w~«s
chc»»en a member of the board of trus
tw*, flliinf the vacancy* made by tht»
retixrrsent of A- J- Rltoton, because of
i!*rrs<.
Colonel George v\ Kd wards presided
at the cxerdaeSi Mayor Warren Olney
i-f Oakland the opening remarks.
Rev. Kaymoml C Brooks offervd the
prayer and the Hew Fr\»derick • W.
Clan;p«tt deUvered the address to the
irraduatcp.
Mayor CXsey, who is one of the old
est member! of the board of trustees,
having acted as such twenty years ago,
in the course of his remarks enumerat
ed the bequests that had been made
»i» the institution within the year.
These Snrluded a pift of $10,000 from F.
M. Smith, phases of $10,000 each frt>ra
George W, Scott of Alamei!a and Kd
ward Ooleman of San Francisco toward
a proposed* J1OP.O0O endowment, a p!edfre
of JTT.AW toward the same endowment
by the alumnae. & beautiful chime
tower by Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Smith, a
purse of JS10 from the senior class and
free water for the college by F. M.
Smith, acting for the realty syndicate.
Tho sift of a gymnasium has also boen
premised the faculty.
In hia talk to the graduates Rev. Dr.
Clampett s.<ul in part:
la :a. .:•» this ;«tc •iu.'.k-n.-c »< .» !;<-• I f.-»l
srnomhat Ukf t>ar.:*I «lid !n tt»* lion's Uer. —
•'.tjhtlv rtr.^*rr«*>ard. but pw?<«otty wtfr. Th«
i,-:«i:,T ol tl» ht<fc^r pdjh.«!i«~a ct women »i>
t>e«r> tnor» »x«vj>i«-x and d^P.c^U th* mcr* »*
»tu.l> It. Th^ »r^atr»t atui noblnn thlnk«r»
tui\> l**a frtrr>«J» of woman. Thr* *• bat
on» r*rfr<-t :v.iV h«ro In Shjihi^y^anr — OthelSo.
bcl h!» »r*Tln«* »r» r*»}U*aJrnt with h»n>inf*.
TW c«p*eitr I' 1 * »crvta}>Sl?t:!ns Kbe noUWt ar<<t
pcrr^t b«i«wjc» to wtMatn. Th* rtrtu* of »el!
•»crtao« > is her tr.Jieretst Qu*Jltr. Whm «r«
cPBtr«*t th* wx'isrrn o< >»«t» «itj »"lth thos* «jf
U>-^*> T>f «rr c:vfn f<.v«d for rrfiectSoa. Wo
man t» u»an»nr la a way tfe« !..-.-•< that
tcrnwr'.y ;-,-. r.£rt. to ir-an. aM h* f«"ars «nJ
i-scnt* it. TH« is tso«lc**Me is the Ftr**t
car* «kn ;-«•'••. >n» arv k as : ¦ s-..I from their
«»-:'«. il»r. tpi<rir tv> h_\T- '. rc-n.-:: tha( sr%', •
laniry t»»»t «»*d to fharmrt'rtx* tj>-ia and
mtrtu to r«*t that if iro.«o*n «-nter into roir.iw
titiea * :tt thra :'..• > nurt a'»o put •-;¦ with
»j : laconvent^nct* as . -."f.r.i ca ta rtrr^t
car *tr*r* Woman <-ar.«c« tw iritren t<v» raacli
rttaratlfL Im thrrv ta a \:.:\? *'.a.-t.r r Vdtl U.
»:•« • -t afser th* MfhtT cr.ath^nvatics and
c!a»5:v-» «h* nsax- n<ci*ct ti* ' cultivation of
• ~. of th« »;-j« :;:.-* that 'MttkV *** *O -*.'ir
t>» -•• ~ and home. Surcvs> ia*jr«auBhv»l is
»••*-.- » ¦ t(t a r • -t * - -:«-* t '..¦^< ar« iiJ- >i
a:: at to* tr«<-r«l attnhut** and btbc^v.
Tvxenty-six youns women wire i;ir.d
uat»nl from Mills CWleffe at the com
mencomt-nt cxvrcisos held this after
noon in U*ser Hnil. Degree* wore con
ferred upon five— Kthel wynne Potter
tlardiner. Mary Alexander CraJg. Oer
irude Ptuart Holmes, Helen IX^rrnnce
and Anna Isabella Frandscn. The fol
lovtng twenty-one were presented with
dirlonius-.Katherine Marguerite Bowen.
Huston Bishop, Violet Claire lirov.n.
Anita Bowes. Anna Kuth Munper. 1M
na Rerteland Hradl«-y. BellC Spencer
tianford. Hasrl Milvs Hill. QUidys May
Tarry. Luile Kuth c\n^k. Alyi Marian
Mainhait. Hheta lx>rraine Kahn. Mil
dred Hlake, Helen Hadley, Wipifred
Martrarvt iVomlv, Helen Hortense
Mrrrtl Ftoomey ltlce. Ceta
Hennet. Hhetta Worthing. Marpareita
duff and Carrie Hclle McKay.
Oakland O?Ilcv Fan Francisco Call
U1S li road way. May !».
die.v. F. \\\ Clampett Delivers
Address and Talks of High
er Education of Women
GIFTS AUK ANNOUNCED
.Mills Holds Commencement
Exercises and Twenty-Six
Students Complete Course
IIATTLE IN THE, DARK
Ferocious Animal Makes an
Attack on a, Physician in
the Streets of Salt Lake
Western Pacific's Parties
Have Not Been Called In
From Their Operations
Mayor Olney Calls on the
Police to Eesume Enforce
ment of the Garbage Law
Oakland Council Employs
Experts to Value Contra:
Costa Company's Plant
GIRLS FINISH
COLLEGE DAYS
SAYS LETTERS
WERE IN JOKE
SURVEYORS ARE
STILL IN FIELD
ORDERS ARREST
OF SCAVENGERS
FIERCE FIGHT
WITH BULLDOG
FIXING WATER
RATES FOR YEAR
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL':-- FRIDAY: MAY '20, 1901;
OAKLAND. May 19.— Articles of in
corporation of the R. W. Baker Com
pany were filed with the County Clerk
to-day. The directors are R. W.
Raker. W. T. Wiley, B. P. Baker.- W."
H. Bull and E. Knapp. The capital
stock is «e.W* and is divided into
shares of the par value of $19 each.
The full amount of the slock ha* been
subscribed; The Sinn will deal In gro
cerieavtt9H
Ponn Grocery Company.
HAYWARDS. May 19. — The "Hay
wards Boosters" effected permanent
organixatlon last night asd elected
George A. O&ke? , "Grand High
Booster" and O. R. Morgan secretary.
The assistant boosters are, W. J. Ram
ftlte. J. K. Geary. J. H. Woods, J..T.
Stone, R. Reid, \V. M. Prowse and E.
S. Warrea.
The orsantestion. ha* adopted the
same plan of oj>eration and the same
platform as the organization recently
formed in Oakland.
Haywards Has BooMers.
ARRANGE FOR BUMS FUXERAU—
BSRKELET. May 19.— Tfce family of Juses
K. K'ar*. tie f*mou« dewctlT*. ijn> ax
r».-jr*4 to tare hU fttaeral b«U Saturday al:
ecaoca at 2 o'cJoek from U»e Tim Fr*si>rt«rt*a
Cisrrii la Oakland. The Rev. E. K, Baker
wtli cf Seiat*.
6
Path** May Keep Child.
The Supreme Court V*t*rday re
fused to award the custody of Sidney
Siddall to hi* mother, Julia K. de\L*~
mo*. The Siddalls were divorced and
the custody of the child was awarded
to the mother. She remarried and
the father instituted proceedlnjcs
which resulted ta hia securliyr the boy.
Mrs. de Lemos appealed a&d»subse
quently filed the petition for a. writ of
habeas corpu*. She might hare re
tained the custody, of the child until
the matter had been settled by ta*
Supreme Court had *he been acquaint
ed with th* law. Under th* circuct
stances, however, the boy must re
niRln with hi» father until ftnxl juds
ment Is rendered.
Eczema
Salt Rhea=L Ricruxam, Itch.
Aoe, or other skin troubles,
pruo^KJyreEevedaad cored by
Hydrozone
This scientific germicide. *yfckh
h hxrmlrss, cores by Lillinp
disease terms. U^ed and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading drufegisls. If not
« yours, send 25 centy for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
rnv sijmatxne. Accept no
s&bstitctes. Address
nn r»aJ »•»»? BwIM •¦ t *»
1 \t*«at-aeti( • f HIiiiii^ '
ADVEBTISEMBirra.
OAKLAXD.
Ill 8 Broaduav.
Telephone Main 10S3. •
BERJiEI-EY.
2145 Center Street-
Telephone North "•
ALAMEDA.
1433 Psirk Street.
Telephone Alameda 45D2.
-BKAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL L\V
- ALAMEDA COUNTY
A FDTE NUT SET
PrrmJam to Classified Advertis-
ers tn Snndar Edition.
THE STJXDAY CALL
Has SoXOO Circulation. IMnci-
PAlIv tn the Homes.
~ A qiuimiiy and qroallty of cir-
culation -that assures substan-
tial returns. -~ - * •
Bring ymir Sunday Want Ad
to-flay and recetre Xut Set
FEEE FJREE
__ mm mm a * ::;::re *° * OY *
pas*. boKTTer, 1$ so fraught with drrii, ryda, «L=e-t^r A=i d±=^
£at theW thought of it fiHi her xxh^^^
or doagrro«. T2« w* cvf Mother^ FHoM » pi«2U* Sc7nS«
h u m ***** - :^ W$*
appIiedextemaGy^d ff%&W ff^b^M^ i$& €5*
of womeo throtss^h > .* » ; — % ?"
z^hsssssg^ssE* #» ff®giP*£?Wg$
Tto Br»«tM R^tittr C», Attain fa. ** MB S 0#
ADVZBTISEMEST^. HEATING PLANT FOR PALACE.— The
first of a number of plans for improving ' the
Palace I Ictel took shape yesterday when the
board «f -directors of the Aharon -estate,
through. General Manajrcr John C. Kirkpat
rfek.' placed a contract with a local firm for
fur-niching the hotel with a - steam, heating:
plant. The work will cost $30,000. and will be
followed by many oth'r Improvtmtr.ta In the
interior of the famous hostelry. , - . ¦
NAPLES — Arrived May 18— Stmr Prinzes*
Irene, from New York.
Sailed May 19— Stmr Calabra. for New Tork.
HAVRE— Arrived May 19— Stmr La Tou
raine from New York. .
NEW YORK— Arrived May 19— Stmr Bel
pravi-t from Hamburg.
Sailed May 19 — Stmr La • Bretacne. for
Havr«: stmr Fri^derich der Grosse, for Bremen.*
.ANTWERP — Sailed May 18 — Stm Belgen
aland. for Boston.
CHERBOURG — Arrived May ¦ 19 — Stmr Prin
cess A!vina, from New York, for Bremen, and
proceeded. \.\ '• ¦ ¦¦:-¦¦
Sailed May 19— Stmr Prlnz Wilhelm. ; from
Bremen and Southampton, for New -York.
QUEEK8TOWN- Sailed May 10— Stmr Hav
erford, from Liverpool, tor Philadelphia. :
OCEAN STEAMERS
TATOOSH— Passed In May 1&— Stmr Shasta
hence May 16, for Belllngham. Passed out
G«r stmr Hermonthls. from Belllngham, . for
San Francisco: Br ship Hougomont. from Ta
coma, for U. K. : schr Ludlow, from Hadlock,
for San Pedro:- bktn Jane L. Stanford, from
Port Gamble, for Shaghal. « . . •- -..-..
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 10— Nor ship
Theodor. hence May 4. .
SEATTLE — Arrived May 19 — Stmr Jeanle,
hence May 14; schr Ludlow, from Port Had
lock. . .
Sailed Ttfay 19— Stmr Dirlgo. for Skagway.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 19. '
Stmr Maggrie, Coralnr. 4 hours from Half,
moon Bay.
Schr John G. North, Seastrom, 8 hours from
Port Ludlow. - ¦•.-..-
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Leon Soeder, accused of the murder
of his . brother-in-law, .Joseph Blaise,
on the night of 10 of this year,
was called to the stand yesterday
morning. His examination was ex
tremely brief. General Salomon, his
chief counsel, gave as a reason for its
brevity that he did not wish to allow
the prosecution to disclose the former
character of his client.
Soeder made a good witness for him
self. He was not in any way nervous
and he answered all questions, in a
convincing manner.
"Did you murder your brother-in-law,
Joseph Blaise, on the night of January
10?" asked General Salomon.
"I never did it," exclaimed the de
fendant with a show of passion.
"Did you ever tell Cooper that you
murdered \ Blaise?" asked Salomon.
"I did not," said Soeder, positively.
On cross-examination by District At
torney Byington, the defendant gave
general denials to most of the questions
asked him and was never drawn into
a controversy. It was evident that he
was observing strictly the injunction
of his chief counsel— not to talk.
TESTIMONY EXCLUDED.
In rebuttal In the. afternoon Captain
Sullivan of the branch County Jail on
Broadway was called by the prosecu
tion to testify that Soeder personally
arranged the joint occupation of a cell
with Cooper, who testified that Soeder
had confessed • to him regarding the
murder of Blaise. On objection to Sul
livan'B testimony Judge Cook ruled that
it was irrelevant.
Arthur Blake, an inmate of the Coun
ty Jail, was called by the defense to
testify to a conspiracy on the part of
Cooper and another prisoner to convict
Soeder and' thus escape punishment for
their own crimes.' Judge Cook held
that such testimony was not relevant
to the case.
At the conclusion of the testimony
R. Porter Ashe, who has ably assisted
District Attorney Byington in the trial
of Soeder, made the opening address to
the jury.
He covered the evidence fully and
dwelt strongly on the motive that im
pelled Soeder to commit the crime. His
peroration was a strong piece of ora
tory.'. : .
| Picturing a • peasant who I was lured
to 1 California by promises of riches, he
dilated on the fact that these were the
men who drew from the/ earth ; ; their
productions and were the 'mainstay of
the State. Fervidly he pleaded for the
maintenance of national '. and , State
honor, In order that none should fear
a journey, to California, even though he
might come from across the seas. Such
men as Blaise, he, declared,- had made
the Golden State.
FOR HONOR OF THE . STATE.
Ashe said: that he believed that the
prosecution had shown that. Soeder had
murdered Blaise and had : proved th©
crime as .far as the officers of the law
were able. Most strongly. he insisted
.. Major Zeph T. Hill, commanding
the military forces, decided on the pol
icy of registering all the 3000 idle
xnen fn the county in consequence of
a number of fires that have occurred
in the vicinity of strikers' camps.
TRINIDAD. Colo., May 19. — One
hundred striking union coal miners
•who refused to be registered by the
military authorities of Las Animas
County, which Is under martial law,
?vere brought to this city to-day as
military prisoners from the strikers*
rajnps near Ludlow. They were forced
tp march eighteen miles under cavalry
escort. As the county jail is already
;Xull a "bull pen" will be constructed
in. which the strikers will be herded.
Miners Are Imprisoned for Refusing
to Obey Orders of 31ilitary.
.The registration committee of the
Pacific Athletic Association met last
night to consider the bout between
Sam Berger and William Itodenbach.
The committee had such a bitter ex
perience over the last fight in which
Berger took part that the members
are throwing every possible safeguard
about the present affair. Thirteen hun
dren dollars vanished into thin air
after the last bout and its final resting
place was not traced.
There is a general desire that Wil
liam Greer Harrison be one of the
judges for this bout. President Hinch
man and Manager Coffroth will call
upon him to-day and will request him
to serve. Should he decline the regis
tration committee decided that the
two judges shall be chosen from Rob
ert McArthur, Phil Wand and E. J.
Smith. Eddie Graney will referee.
Officials of Pacific Athletic Association
Anxious to Have Him Serve at
BerRcr-Rodenbach Bout. .'V
PRESIDENT HARRISON
ASKED TO ACT AS JUDGE
As ever, Mr. Mansfield commands the
utmost sympathy in the role. His
fashionable boredom is delicious, his in
solence exquisite. . With the lightest,
nay imperceptible touches, he suggests
again the sincerity, the real depth of
hip feeling for the city lass that the
Beau first woos for her gold. Incom
parable is the Chesterfieldian — nay, one
bogs the Beau's pardon— the Brummel
way in which he informs himself that
he loves Mariana "madly." : And in
Calais, when foresaken by court-favor,
old, broken down, starving, Brummel
puts aside the girl's offer to marry him
as her father dictates and turns aside
to leave her In' her Jover's, arms, there
was a bit^oX acting that brought sud
den, biting tears to' the eyes. As fine
in its reserve, in its potent suggestion
was the death scene. But the whole
portrait • was consistently delightful,
highest of high comedy.
In the support A. G. Andrews as the
valet and Miss Conquest as Mariana
were pleasantly prominent.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Beau Brummel, in Richard Mans
field's edition de luxe of the exquisite
at the Columbia, again set the mode
on the mall last night, again asked
Sheridan as the Prince of Wales cut
him: "Who is your fat friend?" again
died his gently ignoble death in Calais.
Perhaps Mr. Mansfield is never more
purely delightful than here. His op
portunity is an exquisite one, and he
takes exquisitely its every advantage.
I think it is his dignity of conviction
that makes the Beau plausible to-day.
Like most artists— he is the Watteau
of manners— he is -Ineradlcably con
vinced that the world owes him a liv
ing. JCot debts, but a breach of good
form, Is disgrace. To pay was Impru
dent, to lend imperative. Duns were
unpleasant people of bad manners.
Product of a time when business was
the unforgivable sin, the Beau Is, In
short, the perfect parasite. And he be
lieves so thoroughly in his right so to
be. He is so amiably convinced that his
part in life is simply to set the fashion.
He so graciously, so earnestly, with a
so utterly fine conscience lives up to
his ideal, that one comes at last to
take him at his own valuation.
One feels the fine manners are deeper
than skin deep, a habit of gentle and
courteous thought. . Even, when to re
pair his damaged fortunes he seeks the
hand of a wealthy merchant's daugh
ter, one sees the action only as a
vaguely noble sacrifice to his religion
of the mode. And when, a parasite with
a dependent parasite, we find him
starving t# death in a garret rather
than soil his fingers with work, he
seems still lovably and pathetically
credible. >K'S : :
CALLAO, Peru, May 19.— When th*e
etriking. dock employes were going to
vard the dock to-day the police inter
fered and attempted to disperse them.
.The police arrested one of the strikers
. and his comrades made an effort to
rescue him. A fight ensued in which
tb<? police fired more than forty shots,
which were answered by a shower of
•ctoneE. One of the strikers was killed
and seven were wounded. The police
.arrested the members of the board of
'directors of the striking union.
The people of Callao have become
.alarmed and boarding-houses are'
closed. The streets are constantly pa
troled by cavalry.
Attempt to Eescue an Ar
rested Dock Employe at
. Callao Causes Bloodshed
Eminent Actor Gives Faith
ful and Artistic Picture
of the London Exquisite
Denies Under Oatli That He
Took the Life of His
Brother - in - Law, Blaise
Six of the indicted tong presidents
who are out on bonds appeared in
court and 'denied the report that they
Intended leaving the city and promised
to remain till their trials were over.
The prosecution In the case of
Xguen Lun, on trial for the murder
of, Tom Yick of the Chinese Educa
tional Society on May 8, 1903, rested
yesterday afternoon and the defense
will open this morning.
Horn Tai Foon, another of the tong
presidents waiting trial for the mur
der and one who testified for the de
fense at the trial of Quon Quock Wah
last July, turned State's evidence and
corroborated Fo'ng Ling's testimony
that rewards were offered for killing
members of the Educational Society.
He produced a paper and said it con
tained the evidence he was instructed
to give at the trial of Quon Quock
Wah. It was given- to him while in
the County Jail.
State's Evidence In Trial of
Xcuen Imn.
Another of the Tons Presidents Turns
SOEDER SWEARS
HE IS INNOCENT
PERFECT BEAU
IS MANSFIELD
POLICE SHOOT
AT STRIKERS
HOM TAI FOOX DECIiARISS
HE TESTIFIED TO ORDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1904.
Miss Antique — Every woman has an
excuse for remaining single. Oldbach —
Because she was born so, I suppose.
The commencement exercises of Irv
ing Institute attracted a great crowd to
Golden Gate Hall last night David
Starr. Jordan delivered the address to
the graduates. Rev. William Ford
Nichols offered prayer and also pre
sented the diplomas to the following
graduates:
Academic department — Irene Norma
Allison, Loretta Eleanor Brady, Bea
trice Elizabeth Chartz, Elsie Vera Clif
ford, Florence Helen Fox, Christina
Margaret Hansen, Clara Seaton,
Blanche Lottie Taber.
Conservatory of music — Blanche Lot
tie Taber, piano and singing.
Irving Institute Graduates.
that an acquittal of the defendant and
the unavenged murder of Blaise would
ruin the fair name of California as a
law abiding State and give to the
world the . impression that murder
could be practiced with impunity in
this community.
At the conclusion of Ashe's address
court was adjourned until this morn
ing. Alexander Campbell will open for
the defense and General Salomon will
close. They expect to occupy all the
day. District Attorney Byington will
follow for the prosecution to-morrow
morning and the case will probably go
to the jury some time Saturday after
noon.
Owing to threats said to have been
made against John Cooper by his fel
low prisoners at the County Jail.. He
was removed to a cell at the Hall of
Justice yesterday afternoon.
7
STRIKERS ARE ARRESTED.
AD v jmTTfi ft M K NT3>
2TEW ADVEBTISZMENTS.
XV AXTj WALKS OF I.IPE
Xerpidfle X* Used to Cure Dandruff.
E. H. Lyon, New York, X. T., says:
"I am very fond of Herpicide and en-
Soy using It. It is refreshing."
• Dr. J. EX. Bush. Toledo, Ohio, writes:
•'Nrwbro's Herpicide has given better
satisfaction than anjthinjr I have ever
tired."
II rs. Borkcy.of Chadron. Neb., says of
Herpicide: .' . .' '
VI t cleaned ray head of dandruff and
stopped my hair from falling: out. It is
the best remedy for dandruff I ever used,
and I have used a creat many."
R. S. Coleman, Ann Arbor, Mich., says:
• "I have used two bottles of Herpicide
end derived benefit therefrom."
Sold by leading 1 druggists. Send 10c in
wtamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
I>ttroit. Mich.
CASTOR! A
For Infants and Children.
The" Kind You Have Always BeagM I
'/*
Bears lh.e f fl* y/^^^^^7-
Sjgaature of C&rjt//. T'C6>&/U/l{
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
YOSEMITE
APRIL-MAY« JUNE
"In ths spring, after all the avalanches are down and the snow is
melting fast, it is glorious to hear the streams sing out in the moun-
tains." — John Muir's Description of Yoscmite Valley 1
• ''-'•*, f.
YOSEMITE is thrice beautiful in the early year. The
clear, cool air imparts vigor and life to plants and trees.
Great rocks, clean washed and fresh, are still snow-
covered in the higher reaches. And the thundering falls, in
full volume and grandeur, are pouring over their precipitous
cliffs as at no other time.
Those who have learned the secret make their pilgrimage
early. They enter the Valley at the awakening time and are
themselves awakened. Later, they come back, with shining
eyes filled with that inspiration which Nature alone can give.
The road into Yosemite from Merced passes through
historic gold-diggings, groves of Big Trees, beautiful
forests of pine and balsam, and so on up to the Valley along the
same way the river comes down: There are many wonderful
sights on the way, but all the merest introduction to a single
glimpse of even a part of the transcendently wonderful sight
beyond.
Yosemite is easily visited from San Francisco. $49.00
will cover a ten days' trip. The round trip fare is $28.50.
Information as to. stages, accommodations in the Valley,
what to wear and: probable expenses, may be had at the
Yosemite Information Bureau, 641 Market street, San
Francisco. ' .< ¦
The Santa Fe
IS THE COMFORTABLE WAY
GOOD TEETH
Meaa» Health,
H ap p In a s ¦ and
Poor Tertn, Sick-
Di « t"« •?« 00-
£$Mj**y3?\J cnr *° you?
\Mk^/ Hurt? Not TJ7
\y \ \ Dr. A. L. Simpson
< - - 1 s?~* DENTIST
LL: -gjb 1206 Market Street
i OOSAir TXAVEI^
e Steamers le»T» Bro«dw»y
wharvea, plera 9 aad 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketcbtkaa. Wraasel,
Juneau. Haloes, Skifwtr,
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. May
3. 10. IS. 20. 23. 30 Joaa 4.
Chan so to Company's ateam-
er» at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouv-r.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Bel-
llr.sham— 11 a. m.. May 3. 10. IS. 20, 23. 30.
June 4. Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers fcr Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry., at Vancouver »o
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hamboldt Bay) — Toman*. 1:30
P. m.. May 4. 10. 18. 22. 28: Spokane. 1:30
p. m.. May 1. 7. 13. 19: Corona. May 23, 31.
For Los Angele* (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus. Mont*
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Louis Oblspo). Ventura and Huenetn*.
Bonlta, 1» a. nv. May 7. 13. 23. 31. June S.
Santa Crus. 0 a. m. (freight only). May 19, 27.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas, Santa Ro-
salia Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. For' further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to Changs steamers or aaUlng
dates.
TlCmiT OPPXCTES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves, rroisrfct OSet, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st, San Francisco..
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sntter st.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange- 312.
O. /?. «ft /V. CO.
COLUMBIA sails May IS. 27. June- «. 18, ant
•8. GEO. W. ELDER sails May 22. Jun« 1.
11 and 21. Only steamship Una to PORTLAND.
OR. acd short rail line from Portland to alt
points East. Through tickets to all points.
St«ame r tickets include berth and meals.
Steamer satis foot of Spear st. at 11. a. m.
S F. BOOTH, Gen. Art. Pass. Dept. 1 Mont-
gomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agent Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oceanies.sx».E»S«
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thars., May 26. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti.May 20, 11 a. m.
S. 3. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, June, ». 11 am.
I.D.SPHECIELS & BEOS. CO. , Afli ,Tid!t 03S3 643 lU-
itt. neigat oacs 329 mitjcsi sl, mi.?nb n
COXPASHIE 8E5S&ALC THAHSATI,&1ITIQT71
D1KECT LINE TO HAVKE-PAPOa. __ •
fcilling every Thursday instead of 4«*J33f*»
fcuiurdiy. at 10 a. m.. Irom Pier 42. x^aRK.- 1
North River, foot of Morton st.
" First class to Havre. 970 aad upward. 3«a-
end class to Havre. $43 and upward. O2N-
EP.AL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building*.
New Tcrk. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coan
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenue. San Franclscoi
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
- To XT. S. Kavy Yard an! Valla jo.
6TRS. GEN. FRISBIE. M^TlCELLO~iina
ARKOW— 9:43 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:1ft P. M..
i 6:00 P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sunday*.
9:45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Vallejo. 7:00
I A. M.. 9:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOOX. 3:15 P. M.,
6:CO P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays, 7:0»> A. M..
4:15 P. M. Fare one way, 50c. Landtns; ant}
office. Pier 2. foot Mission su Pboasj'Uain
130S. HATCH BROS.
Brag? x£ Special Values as Great as These Have Never
-1250 MARKET ST. jS-» ] VV " "H M ' ' fl^ 1
¦¦•. ' Been Offered at One Sale
Mail Orders for these goods will £
1 — — 1 They're to Be Had To-Day Only
Women's Stylish Spring and Summer Immense Variety of Merchandise to Delight Collection of Friday Bargains in New
Garments at To-Day's Special Prices Hundreds of Shoppers Dress Goods and SHks
WE are determined to make to-day one of the banner days of . . — . »_» — salespeople have been secured for the business we an-
0U L i!* 1^ 10 -?! SaIc * . S ? cc i aI P riccs h . ave bccn , marked on nr^ HE > prices marked originally for our great Expansion Sale were lower than any ever of- K ticipate to-day. The prices and values of the materials are
goods tnat will remain in force for this day only. ¦ fered The prices for to _ day (Friday) are still lower, and you will be surprised at the wonder- *~* certain to attract • hundreds of thoughtful buyers. Every;
«i t^ j ** «* WALKING SKIRTS. f u l va i ues t h a t will be on our counters. * line is the best we have to offer. . ,-
fl " i) and 51.85 — 500 wool %-alking skirts in assorted colors, plain . • «-»;,« " r
and fancy. Worth $4.50. "" HAIR RIBBONS. HANDKERCHIEFS. ~~~ SILKS.
*£*ZZ5?*KJlX££g£^ StSUrSS *%£&*££ 40 » yard-About 50c a dozen-Women's lace cornered hand- 45c aprd-Abcut^ yard, of ,4-inch pongee .!!!¦; ..!
the bottom. Regular $7.50 values. fancy taffeta, 1% inches wide. They come in kerchiefs, of sheer lawn, with narrow hem- Slllc - usually sells for 6 3 c.
.0 ™ WASH SUITS AND SKIRTS * plaids, stripes and dotted effects, and will wash stitch ed border. Worth $1.00 a dozen. 31c a yard-About 300 yards white Japanese silk, 27 inches wide;
4Sc cp to 93.5O— A big variety in styles and colors in wash skirts ' „ PLEATED LIBERTY SILK. suitable for waists and gowns. Worth 50c a yard.
and pretty wash suits from $2.50, $3-75 up to $6.50. Every one is an exeep- well. , - . * ttie . » t . t • v t v •« j
tional value. . VEILINGS. 42c a yard— Crystal velours or pleated liberty 58c a yard— About 150 yards of 20-inch Japanese wash silk; gray and
SHIRT WAISTS. , *. . . „ , . silk, 22 inches wide, black and white. Suitable white stripe. It sells regularly at $1.00 a yard. We hare tnree widths
*l.T5_About iso beautiful sample waists, mostly all small sizes. »5c a yard— Fancy mesh veilings in all desir- for fronts and slecvetrimmi and also of gtri
W^^^^^S'^M All sizes. Worth $:. 5 o. T^T'wT M J«7 and USed for R^ Iar P"« a yard. DRESS GOODS.
*.n. 7^ KETS ' • . black and white and gray. Worth 2S C 3,c and SRIRT WAIST PATTERNS. 69c a yard-Black Sanglier Boutonne, a mystral weave with knots of
94.05 and stylish cbvert coats, in black and tan. We 50c a yard. . $1.48 — Made of sheer lawn ; .the fronts -ilk and wool overshot It is « inches wide and is sold regularly at 8«;c
had great demand for these coats the last few weeks and have just re- MT?rv\A/T5*AT? . ,« «mr,r«^ a • «,o« , a v a oversnot. xi is 52 incnes wiae ana is soia reguiany ac 05c
ceired another shipment. All are the latest styles and worth $10.00 to NECKWEAR. are embroidered in many pretty, and novel de- a yard
$I " 5a CHILDREN'S coats 5c each-Pretty white embroidered turnover signs and^the balance of the material is plain. 60c yard _ SatIn fini3hed black chevi( J t) a S2 . iach clothf which
CHILDREN S COATS. collars for top of ribbons. A great variety of When made up the waist cannot be bought for , , f . . ... . o
95.05 and up-A most beautiful line to select from; they are of nXrns to select from Worth IOC less than $3.50. \ one of our most popular fabrics. Worth 83c.
•wool, peau de so:e and taffeta silk; also pongees prettily piped in colors V A "* luo . ' . * ,, ... . TTXTnwTJWTjepe 60c a yard— 46-inch Scotch tweeds in different mixtures. Our rtgvt-
and elaborately trimmed with fancy braid. 29C a set— Dainty Bulgarian top collars with UNDERVESTS. 1 • • 1 S-
and 95.75— The wool Peter Thompson coats; emblem on turn-back cuffs to match ; white ground with 25c each— Women's fine rib summer weight pnce aIwa y s °:>c.
slcevc - 1 Oriental colorings and designs. Worth 50c. underyests, with long or short sleeves ; white
: 2^C each— Fancy pique and Oxford bows, only. Regular price, 50c. FridflV OlilV— Wfl<ili Gnndk Al\d PrPttV
Two Phenomenal MiUinery .Specials &^£^&V£U?& *?!£££' Friday Only Wash Goods and Pretty
THESE are two of the greatest bargains from the clearance W* neVer again- be given. 34c each _ S il k cushion cords, 3 yards long, INCW I aftle LUieilS
«ale that is now being conducted in this popular department. GLOVES. with large tassels on ends. They come in all ,. . .
Thev are for to-dav onlv. »i 10 Women's three-claso kid eloves shades and combinations. Worth 50c. ¥ T will be an extraordinary day in this section of the store. AH
OSe-xo different style, of 50c-All our untrimmed shapes in $ £ 0 8 rs ~ { e griv, tan! Uwn beaver Doylies. | the special sae goods have been taken from the shelves and
. . . that are sold retrularlv at Sr co coiors 01 muuc, giij, i*u, U1U ," . . ~ c ... , T z , „ . , ,. the reserve stock rooms and placed m readiness for quick
street hats; reduced from $ 2 . 5 o and red ; sizes .5* » to 7*. Our regular price is ., 9c-Spachtel and Insh Point lace doylies. 9 handling. . There need be no delay "in securing your goods, 'extra
and $3.00. duced from $ 3 -5Q. $1.50, and for to-day only. inches square. Worth 15c each. ; facilities being in force. . *
Specials in Kitchen and Household UtensUs «fcT% ~ 250 . y^A~ D^.t S nf \^ y ¦« W^!^W^¥^ LA T ? "
~~^ I B bI ' *) Ki h a y n cx ccuent quality ot 5c a yard— This lot includes pretty dress
PVERYTHIXG is here to make the work of the busy housekeeper easier. The \M H| <&&<**& <&&^& choicest oT^tte™ Sch\sTur d"e Hs' lawns suitable for kimonas, waists and
I-- prices will remain special for to-dav onlv. I \f O ll ¦ Hi cnoicest 01 patterns, sucn as tieur cie 11s,
' I §§ m jf\Ba 1 m M^ m «rft ferns, rosebuds, dots, etc.. It is an excep- dresses and new striped and checked zephyr
4c a bcx— Gas tapers. j Sc a foot— Garden hose; pure rubber, thick Jsfe feJi it A ]H' HR HT H S H tional value. . , , .. . \
5c a dozen-Wooden plates. and coupled. Comes in 15, 25 and 50-foot lengths. /^H^^*' M*f* . DINNER NAPKINS. ginghams. These goods are sold regularly
3 dozen for 5c— Clothes pins. $1.45— Blocked tin ovens, lined with sheet - — * 98c a dozen Pure white full-size dinner at 8 1-3C and ioc a yard.
8c per 100-Paper napkins. iron and has tray. A regular $1.75 value W ALWOflS RELIABLE v napkins of a fine quality. " " 10c a yard— Covert cloth in all shades of
2 sheets for 5c— Fiy-ki!ling papers. A fine stove with two sawed burners JH <rtrtrt rt — — — A —^
4c a box— Orange wood toothpicks. .- and nickel-plated, with 6 foot covered R as tubing. *^ 123o.*125^U!MAjRKET ST.JONes TOWELS. gray, blue, brown, tan and green ; just the
$1.OO — Meat safes, to hang or stand; Worth $3.00. • a u a «_ *»i_ • ¦ ¦ j * *¦%«. A « * 10c each — About' 100 dozen good service- tliimr fnr Hr#>«<sp<; wai«;t<? c:i-irt<5 *tr TliJc «
size 20 by 24. It has wire cloth covering. 40c_The newest thing in sleeve boards. All the Shopping Inducements That Have able huck towels, 20 by 43 inches ;. worth thing for dresses, waists, skirts, etc. This „
Worth $1.35. ; I ¦ 91.95— Curtain stretchers with adjustable pins. Made ThlS Store Popular Are Still Here. 15c each. , a popular outing material.
PRAGERS
PRAG£RS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERSTHE comprehensive review of crop conditions in all
parts of the State, collected and published by The
Call, shows a gratifying promise of. a full year.
These reports are not hearsay matters, but are gathered
at first hands by this paper. • To the reader outside of
the State they present, the great and interesting variety
of the products of the soil made possible here by our
climatic conditions. In the same counties we can re
port the condition of oranges and lemons, pears, peaches,
grapes and all deciduous fruits; of wheat, rye, oats, bar-
Icy, sugar beets, olives, figs, alfalfa, almonds and wal
nuts. .\*.'^
It will be seen that while in one county some kind of
fruit' is a light crop in another it is heavy. Where
grain is light hay is heavy, and so on. to the end of the
list. This means a full year for the whole State. There
is a prospect -of good prices and an .absorptive market.
Air crops are well past any possible accident, and the
fruit harvest -is already on. - The cherries and apricots
THE STATE'S CROPS.
An Easy Rescue.
A story is told in the Youth's Com
panion of an old seaman on one of the
United States cruisers in the North At
lantic squadron. He was not a person
of wide affectations, but he had a warm
place in/ his heart for a young ensign
who had been kind to him in many lit
tle ways.
One day a landsman fell from the
rigging to the water, and as he could
not swim he would have been drowned
but for a young officer who sprang in
after him and held him up till assist
ance came.
Later th» young officer received a
complimentary letter from the Secre
tary of the Navy. Every one rejoiced
but the old seaman; he coveted the let
ter for his ensign.
"That's a nice thing to have, a letter
like that," he said a few days later.
"You ought to have one."
"I don't quite eee how I can get one,"
laughed the ensign.
"Well, see here," said the old man
eagerly. "*To-morrow night I'll be In
the main chains, fussing with some
thing or other, and I might fall in, and
you could jump after me."
. "That would be very good of you,"
said the ensign, gravely, "but, you see,
I'm not a good swimmer by any
means.*
"Ho! That's no matter," said the old
seaman. "I'll hold you up till the boat
comes.*
In 18 S3 a great disaster befell the
islander*. Fifteen- men. comprising
nearly the whole adult male popula
tion, were lost in a boat that left the
island to board a passing vessel, mak
ing of Tristan, as one of the survivors
expressed it, "an island of widows and
children." But the women an Ct the
boys and girls had been trained ilTthe
rugged school of self-help and ".instead
of abandoning themselves to weeping
and moping they set to work to make
the best of the situation and with the
aid of tsome supplies from the British
Government stuck it out, triumphing
of the little community so remark
able (or does it really furnish one ex
planation of it?) is the fact that the
original stock was by no means
"picked" as is the case with many
more ambitious attempts to establish
ideal colonies which have signally
failed. The male progenitors were
just plain, ordinary, rough and ready
men. the nationalities represented
among them being Scotch, Irish, Eng
lish and Dutch. They married col
ored women, one being of African
birth and three others Asiatics. But
in their descendants there are little
signs of the "tar brush."
Tristan da Cuhna was discovered in
1506 by the Portuguese navigator
¦whose name it bears. Great Britain
took possession of it some three hun
dred years later and while Napoleon
was imprisoned on St. Helena, 1300
miles distant, placed a detachment of
British soldiers there as a sort of out
post garrison. On the death of Na
poleon in 1S21 the soldiers were with
drawn, but a certain Corporal Glass
with his wife and family and a few
other men were allowed to remain. In
IS 3 3 the population numbered forty
souls and in 1652 had risen to eighty
«ve. In the course of the next two
decades twenty-five left the island for
the United States and forty-five mi
grated to the Cape, reducing the num
ber of those remaining on the island
to thirty-six. An enumeration made
in 1SS0 showed 109 living there and
these figures have remained the high
water mark of population. There have
been two violent deaths, but they were
cases of suicide due to mental de
rangement.
What makes the high moral record
The outsider who recently visited this
later day Arcadia did so for the pur
pose of finding out' whether its inhab
itants really wanted to leave it. Tris
tan da Cuhna belongs to England, and
in January, 1903. a British man of war
called at the island and afterward re
ported that most of the people were
weary of their life of isolation and
wanted to get away from" the place.
So the Government of Cape Colony
Bent a representative to offer the isl
anders free transportation to that
country if they wished IU as well as
the means of making a new start in
life. But when the agent explained to
the folk of Tristan da Cuhna how dif
ferent the outside world was from their
island home the little community of
seventy-seven decided to let well
enough alone. And the visiting official
thinks they have acted wisely, for he
says that "having lost the instincts of
suspicion and circumspection they
would fare ill if set adrift in any civil
ized community where each man plays
a lone hand in the game of life and
cares little who loses so long as he
himself wins."
Just as there are no newspapers in
Tristan da Cuhna, no postofllces, no
churches and no schools there also are
no shops. The only time, in fact, when
the inhabitants think of anything like
bargaining is when they trade with ships
passing the island. Even then, how
ever, there i« no competition among
them. All provisions or produce of
any kind supplied to ships are re
garded as the common property of the
community and the proceeds of their
sale in clothing or stores are dis
tributed equally among the several
households, the blowing of a horn
summoning a representative of each
family to the division. To make the
system work out fairly each family
takes its turn in supplying what a
nhip needs.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
< HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, May 8.— Folk
who- hold that money is the root of all
-evil may find support for that belief in
the Isle of Tristan da Cuhna. For
though seventy-seven white folk In
hit bit this flyppeck of an island in the
South Atlantic, there is no money in
circulation among them and, signifi
cantly enough, there also is no wrong
doing of any description. Wrote a re
cent visitor to the island. "Money
would be useless, for there is nothing
to buy." And he continued. "Living in
honesty, sobriety and harmony, free
apparently from all crime, vice, dissen
sion or double dealipg. the inhabitants
of Tristan da Cuhna seem unconscious
ly to have carried out the purpose en
tertained by the original settler in
JS11. Jonathan Lambert, by keeping
themselves "beyond the reach of chi
canery and ordinary misfortune.' They
have no written laws. All being law
abiding, they need none, each doing
"what seemeth right in his own eyes.
They have no jail. Crime among them
being unknown, such an institution
would be a superfluity. They have no
form of government and pay no taxes.
They enjoy perfect independence and
freedom, which never degenerates into
license. The community is absolutely
moral."
Special Correspondence.
A Modern Utopia.
pouches and pipe cases are made. They
are almost as tough as French kid, so
translucent that one can nearly see
through them, and as pliable and soft
as calfskin. The material of which
they are made is as thick as cardboard,
but as flexible as kid.— National Geo
graphic Magazine.
-The chattering of young lady students at Berkeley
during recitation and lecture hours has assumed the dig
nity and difficulty of a problem to the university authori
ties. Why not make a requisition for gum in large quan
tities and keep mouths going but tongues silent? The
chatterers even might accept the change as a compen
sation
THE MILK SUPPLY.
Laivson's Five Mcx.
Justice of the Peace Lawson has had
a number of very peculiar experiences
since his election to the bench. He is
brimful of stories that serve to show
that the office of Justice of the Peace
is not a sinecure, and he can also tell
a number that show that at times the
office may be quite an easy place to
nil. Some of the latter also show that
a Justice of the Peace can be equally
"easy." This is his latest:
"Just after I had adjourned court the
other morning I went to my chambers
to do a little work. I found awaiting
me there a very handsome young
woman, stylishly dressed, and a young
man whose clothes indicated that he
was fairly well-to-do. He was also
good-looking and when he stepped for
ward. Introduced himself and asked me
to make the young lady his wife, I
cheerfully assented. They really did
look good to me. Well, to make a long
story short, I performed the ceremony,
gave them the usual good wishes and
the 'thank you' I gave the groom when
he handed me a sealed envelope con
taining something that weighed quite
heavy, was heartfelt. I dropped the en
velope on the desk. The sound It made
almost made me feel like saying 'thank
you' again, but I refrained and walked
to the door with them and ushered
them out. I gave them another bunch
of good wishes and then went over y>
my desk. Naturally the envelope at
tracted my eye, so I picked it up and
proceded to tear it open. I found five
dollars in silver— but the dollars had
been made in Mexico."
Louisiana French.
Congressman Broussard of Louisi
ana Is, as his name indicates, of
French descent He never spoke Eng
lish until he went to Georgetown Uni
versity. "It is curious," says Mr.
Broussard. "how the French language
has remained the dominant tongue in
my part of the country. Brought here
by Arcadians of Nova Scotia in the
eighteenth century, it prevails to-day,
and I believe always will. Curiously
enough, you will find plenty of men in
my district with such unmistakably
English names as Jones and Hayes
who can't read, speak or write a word
of English. Still funnier is the talk
of the black people. Their negro
French would be unintelligible in
Paris, and yet It Is the softest, sweet
est, most musical speech I ever heard
from human lips. It knows no gram
mar, but it is the very essense ot
euphony and melody."
A Bohemian Graft.
An action recently brought by the
Bohemian town of Deutsch-Landsberg
against the Bohemian provincial
authorities revealed the astonishing
fact that a tramp named Waselowsky
had been kept in the local prison for
three years while Inquiries as to his
Identity were being made.
In this country the parish authori
ties of the place where a man is born
are responsible for the cost of parochial
relief or imprisonment anywhere else.
Waselowsky presumably found the
prison at Deutsch-Landsberg to his
taste, refused all information as to his
origin, and was detained by the pa
rochial authorities for inquiries three
whole years without any result.
They now claimed, but unsuccessful
ly, the cost of his keep from the pro
vincial authorities.
'As the Registrar Sees Us.
"We have all sorts or queer people
who come here to get registered," said
Registrar Adams. "Among them I re
call the man who came Just before the
last election, saying that he wanted to
qualify to vote for Schmitz for Presi
dent of the United States, evidently
thinking that the Mayoralty candidate
.had higher aspirations than he was
credited with. Then again there was the
man who had landed here from a for
eign steamer only the day before and
wanted to vote right away. He was
sadly disappointed when told that he
would have to wait several years before
he could acquire the elective fran
chise.
"Yesterday a pompous individual ap
peared at the office and informed us In
a loud voice that he desired to get reg
istered. He said among other things,
that 'it was a shame to put a citizen
to all the trouble of coming out to the
City Hall and opined that the registra
tion should be carried out in the same
manner as that of taking the school
census, that is, qualified deputies
should call at houses and register the
voters.
" 'Is this the place where I register?'
asked the aforesaid citizen.
" 'Well, the office Is right down stairs.
You had better hurry up though, as
they are waiting for you.*
" 'Waiting for me,' said the citizen
with a conscious air of superiority.
'Now how in the world did they know
I was coming?' "
Mark Tzvain Flattered.
Mark Twain was greatly flattered
when a friend, who had been visltlns
Darwin, told him how the great man
had pointed to- an open book lying on
a table and said. "You must be care
ful not to disturb that. That book is
'The Innocents Abroad.' I read it night
and morning." Mark Twain — he tells
the story himself— bought a copy of
Darwin's biography to learn what
might be said there about himself. The
only possible allusion to his works, he
says, was the statement that Darwin
in # his later years suffered from a spe
cies of atrophy of the brain, which in
capacitated him from the enjoyment cf
good literature and compelled him to
seek mental rest in the perusal of
trashy novels and vacuous humor.
Ans-zi'crs to Queries.
A FUTURE DATE — Subscriber,
Oakland. Cal. The Fourth of July.
1776. fell on a Thursday: July 4. 1876.
on a Tuesday, and in 1976 it will fall
on a Sunday.
OUR city officials whose duty it is to keep a vigilant
eye upon the food offered for consumption in our
markets have inaugurated a crusade against impure
and adulterated milk which has an immediate- pertinence
to public health. Recently the Board of Supervisors
passed an ordinance raising the standard of butter fat
required in milk by fixing the percentage- at 3.3 from Jan
uary 1 to April 30, and 3.4 from May 1 to December 31.
More important still is the report that Health Officer
Ragan is preparing upon the unsanitary condition of
dairies and milk ranches from which the city's supply is
drawn. • .
The recent disclosures of criminal fraud and negli
gence in the milk supply of Chicr.go should put us here
in San Francisco upon our guard- In that city it was
shown that the milk sold at exorbitant rates that made
it almost prohibitive to the poorer classes was of such
low grade of nutriment as to be no food at all. Compar
isons of the statistics of infant mortality in Chicago
with those of other cities of the East led to the discov
ery that many of the young in the tenements, whose
only food consisted of this diluted milk, actually starved
for want of proper nourishment.
By setting the standard of butter fat in milk offered
for consumption here in this city at the figures noted
the Board of Supervisors has done much to insure a
wholesome supply of the commodity. The dairymen's
plaint that the scarcity of feed in the winter months
prohibits the output of rich milk has been met by a
iower standard required for the first four months of the
3'ear by the ruling of the Supervisors, with a corre
spondingly higher percentage demanded during the
months of good feeding. No dairyman can justly cavil
at this last standard set for his goods, lower, indeed, than
that required in many Eastern cities.
In the matter of unsanitary sources of supply, to be
noted by Health Officer Ragan in his report, a danger
far more grave has to be met. "From my personal ob
servation," says Ragan, "I am constrained to say that
not one of the dairies is fulfilling the requirements de
manded by the sanitary laws. I venture to say that
there are no absolutely clean dairies within the city
limits^ notwithstanding the evidence before the Super
visors that some of them are models of cleanliness."
The officer goes on to show just how bad some of the
milk ranches are by reciting evidences of uncleanliness
which had come under his observation.
This city does not want a typhoid epidemic such as
devastated the town of Butler, Pennsylvania, on account
of its bad water, or Palo Alto through the contamination
spread by one vender of bad milk. The sale of diluted
or germ-laden milk is as criminal a proceeding as the
offer of tainted meat upon the market, and one calcu
lated to bring more widespread harm. The Board of
Supervisors should prosecute their precautionary meas
ures without cease until our milk is as pure and whole
some as the most exacting standards of health demand.
COINS — Subscriber, Redding. Cal.
Questions relative to the value of
coins that are sent to this department
will be answered by mail If the cor
respondent s#nds a self-addressed and
stamped envelope.
Ole Time Religion.
— any time
or any place,
Brother Williams loved that good old
song — an' sung it fur an' free —
"Gimme the old-time religion — it's good
enough fer me!"
He used to send it rlngin' from the old
church — fur away.
An' the angels had to listen, or — jest
take a holiday!
When they'd spring new-fangled doctrine
'Bout takin' 'way his privilege of fallin*
'way from grace, —
Any hifalutin' notions — well, he couldn't
hear or see!
"Gimme the old-time religion — it's good
enough fer me!"
Well, it happened so. he said good-by —
moved whar the city shines.
An' left us praisin' God alone, down yon
der, in the pines;
An' he jlned a big ole meetln" house,
with rich folks, an' the like.
llghtnln' loves to strike.
An' one o' them tall steeples that the
Whar they take up big collections — thou
san' dollars at a clip.
Fer these new style improvements to the
ole-time Gospel Ship!
An' once the leader rls an' said: "I'm
privileged to say.
We want a thousan 1 dollars from each
brother here to-day!"
Then Brother Williams slowly rlz. an*
took his hat an' cane.
An* walked as lively down that aisle as
some ole country lane!
An' hit the grit a-slngln' loud out, an*
full, an* free:
"Gimme the ole-time "religion — It's good
enough fer me!"
— Atlanta Constitution.
Alameda County in her many cities, towns, hamlets
and nestling communities, some not yet on the map, is
law-abiding, peaceable, contented with herlelf and happy
with the world. We have the word of her own officers
for it, an assurance made after due inquiry and diligent
searching of conscience. So let malefactors beware and
shun Alameda, for it is hazardous to prey on a popula
tion where everybody, even the office-holder, is law
abiding.
RAILROAD BUSINESS— M. A. S..
City. The question asked relative to
the duties of certain employes of a
railroad company is not a public mat
ter and of the kind of questions that
this department answers. You may
obtain such information by applying
at the general office of the company
If you can show any good reason for
asking such a Question.
Chief of Police Wittman says that San Francisco is
desperately in need of more policemen- It is a matter
of the deepest satisfaction to the public to know just
what the matter has been with our police Force. Most
of us have labored under the delusion, now happily re
moved, that the fault was in the quality, not the quan
tity. It might not be unwise, however, to improve what
we hare while waiting to get more.
CALIFORNIA'S CONSTITUTION—
Constant Reader. Pacheco, Cal. The
Legislature on March 30 passed an act
to provide for a new constitution for
the State of California. The conven
tion that framed the new constitution
was in session in Sacramento frorr.
September 28. 137S, to March 3, 1S7D.
The act of this convention was ratified
by the people at. an election held May
7. 1379. The constitution went into ef
fect July 4, 1S79. at 12 o'clock, meridian.
. The Regents of the University of California have
made glad the hearts of the teaching staff by voting a
liberal increase in salaries to the men In whose care
is the conduct of the highest public school education in
the State. This recognition from the administrative body
of the university has been well won, but it should be
only 4 a beginning. Some of the instructors at Berkeley
are still wretchedly underpaid.
ARMY AND NAVY— O. S.. City. In
modern times it Is impossible to assert
which -is the greatest military aad
naval power of the world, as it Is the
test that determines., A nation may
have a very large army and a strong
navy, yet it may not be as powerful
as a nation vrlth a smaller army and
navy, as Is illustrated during the pres
ent war between Russia and Japan.
The military strength of Italy at this
time is active army and reserve on
war footing. 46.314 officers, 1,965.055 men
and non-commissioned officers: 83,000
horses and 2400 guns. On a peace foot-
Ing the strength of the army Is 2.265,523
officers and men: 44.300 horses And 2400
gun?. The naval strength Is 357 vessels
of all descriptions: 324 officers, 20.700
enlisted men. 192 heavy guns and 22S4
secondary and machine guns.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Presn Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 220 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1942. *
Townsead's California Glace fruits ta
artlitlc fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at.*
A mild-mannered man of this city sued his better half
for a divorce the other day because she expressed an
emphatic and evidently sincere desire to have him cut
into thirty-three separate and distinct portions. The natu
ral repugnance of the gentleman involved is not a cir
cumstance in interest to the inquirj' of where the lady
was taught her system of correct carving in the matri
monial market.
Out of the depths of sophisticated San Francisco a
miracle of arcadian simplicity has come tp startle us
and encourage. One of our worthy fellow-citizens went
recently to a suburban Sunday picnic, fell asleep on
the boat that carried him homeward, and, according to
his tale of woe, wa9 robbed of his watch. He should be
modeled in bronze as . a personification of the bucolic.
Japanese Paper.
From the bark of trees and shrubs
the Japanese make scores of papers,
which are far ahead of ours.
The "walls of the Japanese houses are
wooden frames covered with thin pa
per, which keeps out the wind but lets
in the light, and when one compares
these paper walled "doll houses" with
the gloomy bamboo cabins of the In
habitants of the Island of Java or the
small windowed huts of our forefathers
one realizes that, without glass and In
a rainy climate, these Ingenious people
have solved In a re/narkable way the
problem of lighting their dwellings and
at least in a measure of keeping out
the cold.
Their oiled papers are* astonishingly
cheap and durable. As a cover for his
load of tea when a rainstorm overtakes
him, the Japanese fanner spreads over
it a tough, pliable cover of oiled paper,
which is almost as impervious as tar
paulin and as light as gossamer. He
has doubtless carried this cover for
years, neatly packed away somewhere
about his cart. The "riklsha" coolies
In the large cities wear rain mantles of
this oiled paper, which cost less than
IS cents, and list for a year or more
with constant use. »
An oiled tissue paper, which Is as
tough as writing paper, can be had at
the stationers for wrapping up delicate
articles.
Grain and meal sacks are almost al
ways made of bark paper In Japan, for
it Is not easily penetrated by weevils
and other insects.
But perhaps the most remarkable of
all the papers which find a common
use in the Japanese household are the
leather papers of which the tobacco
The following anecdote is told by An
drew Lang in the Sign of the Ship in
Longman's: A man and wife in town
were, congratulating themselves Just
before dinner on dining, for once, alone
and at home. To them enter another
man and his wife, who were neither
known nor looked for, and had obvi
ously come to the wrong house — a thing
that will happen in London. The hosts
dissembled , and welcomed them (a
thing that, as a matter of fact, does
occur), and all went smoothly till the
ladies left the drawing-room. Then the
guest turned to his host, and said with
emotion. "Now, do tell me the whole
stcry about poor Sophia." What was
the host to do? With presence of mind
he replied, "It is really too painful. I
hope you will excuse me." "Oh, cer
tainly, certainly," said the guest, "I
would not be curious," and he changed
the subject. When the guests had
gone, and the hosts were wondering, a
servant brought an envelope which the
guests had left. It was adressed in
pencil, "For Sophia," and" contained a
handful of bank-notes. Now, the hqgts
knew neither the name nor address
of the guests, and they vainly adver
tised for them. Puzzle for Sherlock
Holmes, to find out the. adventure of
poor Sophia. — St. James Gazette. s
A Poser for Sherlock.
For many reasons it would seem to
be eminently desirable that the exist
ence of this inland Arcadia should be
perpetuated. As an object lesson In the
solution of some of the most vexed
problems of sociology, the little com
munity may some day be deemed
worthy of the study of some of our
learned professors who have evolved
various theories as to how the greatest
happiness may be attained by the
greatest number.
They have troubles of their own, like
all other peoples. The worst of them
came from the outside world. Over
two score vears ago a schooner was
wrecked on the island and a lot of rats
escaped from her to the shore, multi
plying so fast that they soon overran
the island, rendering the cultivation of
grain impossible and sweeping bare the
hillside where grew the Tussock grass
with which they used to thatch their
cottages. Now each householder has to
raise what he needs of It in a walled-
In inclosure_from which the rats can
be kept at bay. The rats are the curse
of the Msland. The Tristanites will
erect a monument to the memory of
anybody who will rid them of the pest.
Nature has been at no pains to pre
pare an earthly paradise on this lone
ly isle. Its remoteness from the world
of strife and unrest is what has con
tributed most to the establishment of
an Arcadia there. The island is a
vast volcanic cone almost 8000 feet in
height, which was hurled up out of
the sea aeons ago. The base is a
rough circle, the circumference of
which, something over twenty miles
in extent, is defined by steep clfffs
from 1000 to 2000 feet high. -On
Ihe northwest a plateau yonie
five miles long and about a mile
broad. Intervenes between these cliffs'
and the sea, and this also drops ab
ruptly about 100 feet to the actual
sea beach.^ It is on this low lying:
stretch of ground that the little com
munity dwells and cultivates what
crops they can obtain, mostly potatoes.
A copious stream "of fresh water
bursts out at the foot of the lofty
cliffs running across the northern end
cf the plateau and falling over the
lower cliffs Into the sea, making a pic
turesque cascade and a refreshing:
eight for mariners whose water casks
need replenishing. ;
Near this rivulet the fifteen or six
teen dwellings of the settlement are
grouped. Some years ago a part of the
spring was diverted near Its source by
cutting a furrow, so that a tributary
stream now passes by the door of near
ly every one of the houses to reunite
Just above the cascade. The houses
are built of soft stone obtained from
the high slopes of the mountain,
dressed to flt so exactly that the
scanty mortar nsed is scarcely needed.
They are all built on substantially the
same plan, about thirty feet long and
ten broad, and onlv one storey in
height. One-half of each house is de
voted to the sitting room, with a large
fireplace and chimney in the gable,
the remainder being divided into two
or more smaller, rooms, with communi
cating passages. The wood used In the
partitions has been obtained from ships
that have called at the island or been
cast ashore there. A relic of one of
these shipwrecks is seen in the inscrip
tion "Mabel Clarke" which appears on
a piece of timber used in constructing
one of the bed rooms. . For rescuing
the crew of this vessel, in 1878, the isl
anders were rewarded by the United
States Government.
over a disaster that would have
wrecked a colony of carefully selected
idealists.
IT is impossible to avoid notice of the contrasts be
tween the Republican and Democratic State conven
tions. At Santa Cruz the talk was all about the per
sonal ambitions of men. Oratory found its sole inspira
tion in the promotion of personal partisan interests.
The welfare of the people and the promotion of their
progress had no place in the speeches.
All around were the evidences of the thrift and enter
prise of the State. Plainly manifest everywhere were
the signs written by nature and enhanced by man, ex
pressing the greatness of achievement and the glory of
California. But .the Santa Cruz orators saw it all with
jaundiced eye, and their vision conjured evils where
none exist in order to give play to frothy denunciation
and make appeals to the spirit of class and faction. That
convention tramped around in a narrow circle, and was
not enlivened with a single great and unselfish utterance.
Its contests were to make good accumulated greeds and
grudges, and its most impassioned nights of speech
were indulged to glorify enmities or further the schemes
of selfish and unworthy ambition.
At the Republican Convention - in Sacramento there
was the same setting of the gifts of nature and the'
achievements of man, but how different the effect of
these and how different the expression of -purpose! The
speakers found their inspiration in the State, the prog
ress of its people, its material greatness and the prosper
ity of its cities. The Republican Convention from the
falling of the chairman's gavel resembled a meeting of
the representatives of the material interests whereon
the enterprise of the people is wrought, and upon which
they depend for the rewards of thrift which build their
homes, fill their tables and enlarge and refine their lives.
Among the delegates were the agriculturists and hor
ticulturists, the miners, dairymen, irrigators, shipbuilders,
merchants, bankers and business men of * California.
They honestly recognized a connection between politics
and the public welfare, between public policies and the
even-handed progress of the people. As all vocations
were represented, those who spoke for, them knew that
there can be no partial prosperity. To be real, prosper
ity must be general and within the reach of every man's
industry, thrift, temperance and genius. Representing
all the interests that make California what it is, the dele
gates stood for equality of opportunity, without chasing
after patent plans for making all men equal in their
capacity to use opportunity.
As might have been expected in an assembly so con
stituted, there was no bitterness of partisanship nor de
nial of patriotic motives to others. The chairman,
Judge Burnett, in his speech of acceptance said: "No
intelligent man believes and no honest man would assert
that the foundations of the Government are in danger or
the institutions of liberty imperiled. There are too
many honest, intelligent, liberty-loving, .God-fearing, law
respecting and patriotic citizens in both the political
parties to tolerate any policy that would jeopardize our
national integrity or break down the bulwarks of our
constitutional rights. We abate nothing of our admira
tion for the ability/honor and patriotism of thousands
of our political opponents, and pay willing tribute, to
the value erf their services in promoting the highest wel
fare of the nation; yet we declare that no other political
organization than the one we represent since the world
began has so thoroughly demonstrated its capacity to
administer in the highest degree of efficiency the affairs
of a great government."
There is the true note of Americanism. It is a poor
use to make of party spirit for one set of Americans to
charge their countrymen with the intention of destroying
the constitution and subverting liberty. The constructive
nature of the Republican motive never had better expres
sion than at Sacramento; while the opposite motive,
the destructive, aimed at the material interests of the
country, was voiced at Santa Cruz.
California is a microcosm of the whole country. The
Republican party has enacted the gold standard, made
our money the best and most plentiful in the world. It
has fought another successful war, and is bearing the
burdens that resulted in a spirit of philosophy and op
timism. It has made sure of accomplishment the world's
greatest work in the building of an isthmian canal. It
has entered world politics as the defender of justice,
the promoter of equal rights of commerce in Asia, the
protector of the integrity of China against selfish ag
pression, and has established the standard of fair play
wherever an American man-of-war can defend it or ah
American soldier fight for it. To say that all this has
been done without making some mistakes would be to
claim supernatural attributes for an organization of
mere men. But to say that it must be destroyed because
of those mistakes is like saying that the winds must not
blow nor the showers fall because gales sink some ships
and the rains cause some floods.
Perhaps there is no more prejudiced Democratic par
tisan in the country than Governor Garvin of Rhode
Island. But under the husk of his partisanship there
are some grains of American common sense. In a re
cent" address he said of President Roosevelt, after at
tacking by misrepresentation his foreign policy, charg
ing him with disregard of international law and with
ignorance of^political economy, that, "after all, the Presi
dent is really desirous of serving the people of the
United States." To this Governor Garvin added: "Presi
dent Roosevelt is the idol of that majority of the Re
publican party which at heart is Democratic."
That is merely one way of saying that at lieart the
people all have the same patriotic purpose, and the Pres
ident is as deserving of the support of Democrats as of
Republicans who can see the interests of their country
as paramount to mere party selfishness.
are going to market, and peaches and figs will follow
before the end of the month. Grapes will appear in
June, followed closely by melons, and the movement will
be ceaseless until oranges meet cherries again next year.
Our . reports of crop conditions will be found good
matter to send to Eastern people. They are still buffeted
between winter and spring, and have suffered from frosts
that have cut off the fruit and early vegetables. This
puts them in a condition to long for a State where the
wheat is in head, the oranges in bloom and the cherries
ripe, and where strawberries and shad are on the table
eleven months in the year. They want to know about
a country where* January and June are much alike, and
the land yields four and a half tons of sugar to the
acre, and men can grow their own wine and oil, and en
joy both under their own vine and fig tree. They will
note that on the day we publish these reports Boston
had a temperature of 52, with an east wind; Cincinnati
48, Washington 58. That is cold for the East. Here we
were enjoying a summer temperature and eating cher
ries, blackberries, strawberries, raspberries and apricots,
with no frost bites to doctor and no chilblains to swear
about.
CONVENTION CONTRASTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. MAY 20, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor , . . . . Address Afl Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office •. Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY K M A Y 20, 1 904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8At a meeting: of the Humane Soci
ety held yesterday Secretary Holbrook
reported that 147 animals had been
relieved during the month of April
and that twelve persons had been , ar
rested for cruelty. William McCann
was appointed an -officer of the so
ciety. Herman Schussler, Milton Na
than and Warren Temple were unani
mously elected annual members Cl the
society.
Humane Society Meets.
Commissioner of Works Woodward
yesterday submitted to the Fire Com
mission new plans for a salt water
high pressure system, prepared by As
sistant'City Engineer H. Cormick. The
plans show that a reservoir of 20,000,
000 gallons capacity on Twin Peaks
will cost $400,000. A pipe line down
Market street, beginning with a 30-inch
pipe and ending with a 20-inch pipe,
near the foot of Market street, will cost
$125,000. It is also planned - to erect a
relief tank near the main reservoir at a
cost of $15,000. The plans will be sub
mitted to the Supervisors' finance com
mittee to-day.
SUBMITS NEW PLAXS FOR
A SALT WATER SYSTEM
The petition of Mrs. J. A. Russell
that Locust avenue be opened be
tween Franklin and Gough streets
was referred to the City Attorney to
advise as to the status of t^ie avenue
in the blopk named.
The committee recommended the
doing of street and sewer work on
Church street. Sixteenth avenue, J
street. Eighth avenue. Twelfth ave
nue south, the establishment of grades
on Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh
avenues, Lake, West, Clay, South and
Sixth streets and the acceptance of
Dorland, Harrison, Duncan and Fred
erick streets and Duboce avenue be
tween certain streets designated in the
resolution.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday ruled against the recom
mendation of the Board of Public
Works that Kearnv street, between
California and Clay, be bituminized
at a cost of $5300. The committee
stated that it was not in favor of or
dering work which is provided for in
the bond issue and that when the
work is done it will recommend to the
board that an asphalt pavement be
put down.
The committee referred to the Bud
get'Committee the petition of prop
erty owners that Fourth street be
widened and retmved. The Board of
Works has recommended that the
improvement be made at a cost of
$85,000.
Street Improvement Because It
Is Included In Bond Issue.
Supervisors Rule ' Against Kearny-
DEXY RECOMMEXDATTOX OF
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
Board of Works Clears Work
men of Charge of Dispos
ing of the City's Property
The Board of Public Works is wroth
over a communication received yester
d'ay from Health Officer Ragan to the
effect that certain employes of the
board named have sold sand and
gravel belonging to the city.
. The charge is groundless, as ascer
tained after investigation. Ragan's
letter follows:
Complaint has be«»n made to thi« department
that employe* of the Board of Public Works
are eelling to private parties the sand and
pravel that are taken from the tsewer on
Division ptre^t. between Flrfenth and Seven
teenth. This Fand or travel Is supposed to
tx- used to repair streets, but it Is claimed
that private p«rtie« are purchasing It for
*lMn«- In lots, etc
TfcU iratter i* under Investigation by our
•sanitary department and I would eusge.n that
you call the attention -of your employes to this
matter so that no eewer debriF can be used
Jot' filling In lots or he deposited in yards.
The communication was referred to
SUPERVISORS' FIXANCE
COMMITTEE SAYS XO
Refuses to Appropriate Money to Aid
in the Proposed Reception to
Philippine Commissioners.
The members of the Supervisors'
Finance Committee held a conference
yesterday in the Mayor's office with
George A. Newhall, J. H. Scott* and
Frank Symmes representing various
commercial organizations relative to
the proposed recc-tion to be tendered
the Philippine Commissioners upon
their arrival here next month. It
was desired that the city appropriate
$1000 and another $1000 be raised by
subscription. The Finance Committee,
however, did not consider it good policy
to appropriate money for such a pur
pose, as it would establish a precedent
for future affairs of the kind. The
committee refused to make the appro
priation and the conference ended.
the Bureau of Streets, which directed
Inspector Brandon to investigate.
Brandon filed a report that all gravel
from the sewer described was removed
to the Sixteenth street corporation
yard. Workmen labored 53 days re
moving 144 loads of gravel and all was
duly accounted for. The only feature
that might have caused the complaint
was that the keeper of the corporation
yard loaned one load of the gravel to
C. S. Harney, a contractor, to start a
paving job.
The beard consented to the transfer
of a portion of the school lot on Ken
tucky and Twentieth streets to the Fire
Department for an engine house site.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Misses Belle M. Stanford, Rebecca Ja
cobs, Mirma A. Steele and N. F. Sulli
van, with the right to their respective
schools on their return.
Professor Espina, who was delegated
to submit an improved medial system
of handwriting for the schools, re
ported that he had visited 117 classes
and found the writing in general very
unsatisfactory. With few exceptions,
both teachers and pupils welcome the
change from the vertical to the slant
and the interest in the subject is grati
fying. Many of the teachers are both
capable and talented and will become
valuable assistants in remedying the
injury caused by the vertical system.
Thirty-three applications, were re
ceived from those desiring, to take the
teachers' examination on June 11.
Demands aggregating $4S99 05 were
ordered paid to school census marshals.
The Board of Education yesterday
adopted a resolution requesting the
Board of Works, through the City
Architect, to prepare plans and esti
mates of cost for constructing neces
sary additions to the Hamilton, Mis
sion and Lafayette school buildings.
It is proposed to build another wing
on the westerly wing of the Hamilton
school containing three rooms, a wing
of six rooms on the Mission Grammar
School and four additional rooms on
the Lafayette school. This will do
away with necessity of renting outside
rooms.
Thirteen More Rooms Will lie Added
to Hamilton, Mission and La
fayette Buildings.,
BOARD OF EDUCATION WILL
ENJjARGE THREE SCHOOLS
A caterpillar is so greedy that in one
month it actually devours 6000 times
its own weight in food.
DIES ON THE SIDEWALK.— A. Obujen,
proprietor of a restaurant at 1W7-1649 Devlsa
dero street, died suddenly yesterday morning
at 5:50 o'clock while on his way from his
home, 916% Vallejo street. He nai taken sick
in a street car and was removed by Policeman
King from the car to the sidewalk In front of
102414 Washington street, where he expired.
Heart failure Is ascribed as the cause.
The committee will sit again this
morning, when the Fire Commissioners
will again be heard.
The Park Commission, represented by
Commissioners Lloyd and Sullivan, oc
cupied the afternoon session. Lloyd
made an interesting and eloquent ap
peal asking that every cent allowable
by the charter be given to the Park
Commissioners. He reported the work
accomplished by the Commission this
year.
Fire Commissioners J. S. Parry and
J. G. Boyne occupied the next hour of
the morning's session. Parry talked to
the committee on behalf of his depart
ment, urging a large appropriation. He
argued that two new fire houses must
be built Immediately in order to give
the city a proper protection from fire.
One of the houses, should the appro
priation permit, will be immediately
installed in the Richmond district. Par
ry further asked for enough money to
employ thirty mere men. This would
enable the firemen to work six days in
the week instead of seven. Parry said
that the amount needed for the extra
men would be $7500.
Brandenstein and d'Ancona simul
taneously spoke up asking what was
done with the $7500 given the Commis
sioners last year for that purpose. Par
ry replied that the money was spent in
keeping additional watchmen at the
different theaters and playhouses at
the time following the Chicago disaster.
Chief Hewitt of the Department of
Electricity was asked by the commit
tee as to the number of feet of wire
ncrw laid underground; when it was
laid; how much money was expended;
how much wire still remained over
head and how long it would be neces
sary for him to complete the work of
taking down the overhead wires. Hew
itt was decidedly non-committal. He
was questioned for^an hour and fifteen
minutes, and during that time answer
ed one question, saying that he was
not through with his work. He was
dismissed with considerable laughter
and a second attempt will be made on
him this morning. Several of the Su
pervisors said after the meeting that
Hewitt was a good man in his office,
but not the best financier in the world
nor satisfactory in answering ques
tions.
Yesterday morning Superintendent
Lewis of the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety informed the Finance Committee
of the Board of Supervisors of the
amount of money needed to properly
carry that institution over the follow
ing fiscal year. Lewis asked for $10,
000, or $2500 more than was allowed last
year to the combined non-sectarian in
stitutions of the kind in the city. The
matter was taken under advisement.
The Board of Works was requested
to prevent the sweeping of streets in
an unsanitary manner and that the
contractors be compelled to use water
to allay the dust.
The Finance Commitee was requested
to add $10 monthly to the salary of
Chief Steward Bucher.
Dr. C. L. Gregory was appointed
Volunteer School Inspecting- Physician
for the Edison School in place of Dr.
F. C. Keck, granted a leave of absence.
The Board of Supervisors was re
quested to pass an ordinance making
it unlawful to beat carpets or rugs on
the public streets, as the same Is a
menace to public health.
Drs. Harvey and Poheim were ap
pointed a committee to investigate and
report on the affairs of the City Hospi
tal and associated institutions.
The request of the wholesale fish
dealers that the hour for removal of
garbage from their premises be
changed from 5 to 3 p. m., was referred
to the Health Officer for report.
Dr. E. Schmool was appointed In
structor of Clinical Medicine at the
City Hospital.
The Excelsior Homestead Association
called attention to the need of a sewer
in the district east of Mission road from
Silver to Amazon avenues, and the
Health Officer was directed to In
vestigate.
Amy A. Hart was appointed night
superintendent of nurses at the City
Hospital.
A letter was ordered sent to those
persons maintaining maternity homes,
foundling asylums and baby farms, in
structing them to secure a permit from
the Health Board.
SWEEPING OP STREETS.
"This condition in other counties,"
said Dr. Ward, "may be met by con
demning the milk that comes from
there and is sold in this city. The
committee will take steps in that
direction in connection with its pro
posed crusade." .
The appointment of Dr. J. I. Stephen
as Chief Emergency Surgeon was rati
fied by formal resolution of the board.
The Supervisors will be asked . to
appropriate $4200 yearly for transpor
tation of four plumbing inspectors, two
disinfectors, one bakery inspector, two
dairy inspectors and one chief food
inspector.
I would also Insist that besides the arrests
which would follow a violation of our require
ments that a bulletin of the condition of all
the dairies supplying milk to San Francisco be
publicly exposed In the Hoard of Health rooms,
no that- Information °* n *•* B»ven to the public
regarding the condition of the different dairies.
I would also suggent that the report be given
monthly at each meeting of the .Board of
Health so that the press may give publicity
to this and. further. I suggest that the reports
of the sanitation and conluc: of dairies be pub
lished In our Monthly Bulletin.
I am sure that the Insuguratlon of such a
movement would result In wholesome good. At
the next meeting of the board I will furnish a
system of rules to be adopted by your board
and which will form ' a 'groundwork of a pro
posed ordinance to be «ubmltted to the 'Board of
Supervisors.
There are consumed by the public In our city
some 80,000 gallons of milk per day, only one
third of which, say about 20.000 or 30,000 gal
lons, comes from dairies within our county^ so
that we face the problem of dealing with the
milk supply outside our city and county. My
Information about dairies In the adjacent coun
ties leads me to believe that similar condi
tions as I have described above exist In these
dairies also, with but few exceptions.. To bring
these outside dairies with our own dairies un
der the surveillance of the Health Department
I would euggest an Increase In the corps of
milk inspectors, so that we can have an accu
rate history of the condition and conduct of all
dairies supplying milk to the public of our city.
I suggest that this can be conducted without
the cost of a Bingle dollar to the public of San
Francisco by Imposing a email tax upon each
gallon of milk sold In the city.
TO GIVE PUBLICITY.
There Is not within the city and county of
San Franclscd a single dairy conducted on sani
tary or hygienic principles. The gospel of
cleanliness has not been preached, ncr are Its
precepts practiced in any dairy; but the reign
of filth flourishes throughout our dairy system.
The dairy barns are as a rule dilapidated
shacks, Illy constructed and totally Inadequate
to carry out the simple principles of cleanness.
The floors are filthy, covered with the lncrusted
accumulations of months and even years. The
walls and Joi6ts which constitute the celling
are begrimed and covered .with layers of dirt,
cobwebs, etc.
NO SANITARY DAIRIES..
I regret to srlve publicity to the report that
the dairies are In' a very unsanitary condition,
and drastic measures should be employed by
the board to remedy the existing evil. Pub
licity Is riecesfmry to brlngr the dairymen to a
proper realization of their duties to the public
and to place before the public the facts con
nected with the dairy industry In the city and
county. This report Is not In the nature of a
oensaticn. Is not distorted or unduly colored,
but ie the result of an earnest, unbiased and
careful examination of the different dairies.
Health Officer Ragan yesterday
formally filed his report relative to his
inspection of dairies, which he found
in an unsanitary condition, with the
Board of Health. So bad are the
conditions as reported by Dr. Ra
gan and Drs. Harvey and Hughes,
members of the board, were appointed
a committee to inaugurate a crusade
against such dairies and to take steps
as they may deem necessary to compel
them to be placed in sanitary condition.
Dr. Ward, president of the board,
declared that the only way to force
owners of dairies to keep them clean
was to publish their names broadcast
when they did not fulfill sanitary re
quirements, as a warning to the public
whom it is desired to protect. Dr.
Ragan's report follows:
Gossip was rife around the City Hall
yesterday relative to the probable
successor to Commissioner of Public
Works Woodward, who will resign his
office to-day to assume that of City
Engineer, to which he has already
been appointed.
It was stated by the wise ones that
Frank Maestretti, at present Fir«
Commissioner, will be promoted to the
position of Works Commissioner.
When Mayor Schmitz was asked about
the rumor he was non-committal and
said that he had not taken up the
matter and would not make the ap
pointment until next Monday. His
Honor further stated that neither
Maestretti nor any one else had been
considered for appointment.
. The rumor, however, would not
down, notwithstanding the Mayor's
declaration. The wise ones went so
far as to predict that John Daughney
would take Maestretti's place when
the latter is promoted. They base
their conclusions on the fact that up
to the last monent Daughney was to
have gone on the Fire Commission last
January. •
Daughney, however, had to give way
to Boyne, but refused to accept a
place on the Election Commission in
stead. Daughney was promised at the
time that he would be taken care of
an 'I if Maestretti is put on the Biard
of Works the promise will in all like
lihood be kept and the Mayor's polit
ical obligation to him may thus be
fulfilled.
Another man who stands a koo.1
chance of appointment as Works
Commissioner should Maestretti not
secure the plum is Jeremiah Dlne«»n,
a retired contractor and a warm per
sonal friend of the Mayor.
Eeuben Lloyd Pleads Elo
quently for Liberal Ap
propriations for Parks
J. Dineen Is"Also Mentioned
for the Place and J. Daugh
ney 31ay Get Appointment
Investigations Will Be Ex
, tended to Outside Coun
ties by Condemning Fluid
COMMITTEE WILL ACT
MAYOR NON-COMMITTAL
Eumor Says Maestretti Is
to Be Transferred to the
Board of Public Works
Health Boar4 Inaugurates
Crusade Against Bad Con
ditions Noted by Eagan
HEWITT TELLS LITTLE
Financial Committee Still
Examining Commissioners
as to Department Needs
PROBE DEMANDS
OF CITY CHIEFS
MAY BE NAMED
COMMISSIONER
MILK DAIRIES
UNDER THE BAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ FRIDAY; MAY" 20, 1004.
EMPLOYES DID
NOT SELL SAND
9
A FINE_NUT SET
Premium to Classified Advertis-
ers in Sunday Edition.
THE SUNDAY CALL
Has 85,000 Circulation, Princi-
pally in the Homes.
} A quantity and quality of cir-
culation that assures substan-
tial returns.
Bring your Sunday Want Ad
to-day und receive Nut Set
TREE FREE
AMTJSEMiaiTa.
A T /I A T A Tl Belaaco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR .jTSs
_____ General Manager.
THIS WEEK— MATS. THURS. AND SAT.
"Capital for matinee clrls." — Chronicle.
1 COLINETTE |
Delightful Comedy of Romance.
Evg-., 25c to T5c; Mats. Thur. & Sat., 23c to 50o
Next Monday— Sydney Rosenfeld*s Whirl-
wind Comedy of Matrimonial Mishaps.
A POSSIBLE CASE
In Preparation— "LOVERS' LAXE."
CENTRAL*!?
Market st. near Eighth: phone South 333.
Tp-NIGHT— LAST THREE XIOHT8.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
First time in Saa Francisco of the Tremend-
ously successful maritime comedy drama
__D0WN BY__
-=THE SEA=
Realistic and Emotional! Refined and Beauti-
ful! Magntncent Scenery!
Startllns Mechanical and Electrical Effects!
PBICFS Eve »»n«» .....10c to 50c
1A1VLJ Matinees 10c. 15c 25c
Next— A GREAT TEMPTATION.
Matsuda's Royal Japanese Troupe,
Moving- Pictures of the Or eat Train
Bobbery and a Or eat Snow Every
Afternoon and Evening- In the Theater.
f TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATUKE ELECTRIC SAXXAOAD
Esrieralda and Her BABY MONKEY In th*
Zoo.
INSPECT CABINET DE LA MORT.
CIKCTTZtATX: OXT THE TXKSIS Wg£I!L
Admission. 10c; Children. 5c.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC_HALL.
yarn, cabjunotozt presents
MME. ADRIENNt ST. CLAIR
(Mrs. Cora Hall.)
COLORATURA SOPRANO.
Assisted by Mr. EMLYN LEWYS. "Pianist.
THIS EVENING at 8:13.
Reserved Seats at Sherman. Clay & Co.'*
TICKETS $1.
- BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
Oakland vs. Los Angeles
TO-DAY. 3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:20 P. M. '
LADIES FREE TO-DAY.
Advance Sale of Seats at 3 Stockton Street.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT KE3TOKATIVE. INV1UGKA.
«:or and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Spevlai
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, (or both »«xe« .
The Mexican Kem»-«y for Diseases of tba
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on ita o-.vrj merit*.
NABER. ALFS 4 BRUNE. Asenti.
323 Market si. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
~~BR.PJERCE'S
GO1DEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
i FOR THE
1 rfLOOD.LBYER.LUNGS.
#% ¦ ¦ ¦ C& Outfits. Gun*. Ammunl-
B ShKHSiP*' <:°<--<i»- Ter.ts and Cur.i to
h a £3 la a R< " nt catalog frek.
Unifll I%*£ZZ?Z ARBZRCO "
821 Kearny st^ 3. T. .
1
CALIFORNIA
£9 LAST TWO NIGHTS. Ci^^
TEE FUNKIEST SHOW IS g|
TOWN I t|
OUR NEW MINISTER I
WITH ERNEST HASTINGS AND l|
THE FAMOUS ALL-STAR CAST- H
NEXT SUNDAY— Opening annual I
summer stock season new Nelll-Mo- I*
rnaco Company in "When We Were I
Twenty-One." Seats now sellinc. m
POSITIVELY THE GREATEST I
8TOCK COMPANY IN EXISTENCE ¦
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELL
In Sardou's
EMPRESS JBEODORA
NEXT SUNDAY r* f-» f^v f\ w-w A
MATINEE FEDORA
POPULAR PRICES— 15c, 25c. 50c, 75c.
j ' ' ' '
vULUKvljBl A iwu9 mm
KB. HICECABD
MANSFIELD
TO-NIGHT, also Mon.. May 23; Thurs., May
26. and Mat Sat., May 2S — - " ¦•¦
OLD HEIDELBERG
Mat Sat., May 21. and Wed. night. May 25—
BEAU URUMMEL. Sat. night. May 21; Tues..
May 24. and for the farewell night. Sat., May
2S— IVAN* THE TERRIBLE. Fri.. May 27—
DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE.
£2^' MAUDE ADAMS.
TIVOLIS
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Second Week — Enormous Saccess
Of the Sparkling Musical Comedy
| I Pretty Music
A Deliphjtful Singers
I RUNAWAY
Clever I GIRL
Comeriian^ I
HANDSOME GIRL CHORUS.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY AND COSTUMES.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c, 5Oc. 75c.
Marcel's Living Art Studies;
Charles D eland and Company and Hume,
Bon and lewii. !>&•* Xlmaa of Tan?
Ja Kim and Cni Snk* Oka; Mldtfay
and Carlisle; Clara Ballerlnl; Oeorge
H. Wood; Ballerlni'a Dogr« and
MME. SLAPOFFSKI,
England's Greatest Pxima Donna Soprano
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 25c
and BOc. " " ; •¦ "
DDTTCUTC FOR BARBERS. fl A -
D it U Oil HO ker "' bootblack*. MtV
1/11UU11UU houses, billiard t*bJe«.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers. ca.nn»-»
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers. p*lnt«rs. shoe facto-!,;*,
(tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. «tc
BUCHANAN B3OS,
Bmsn Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
\A/. T.HESS,
Notary Public and Attorney-at-l,aw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1Q1&. _u u s ciorecfcdi* tildz
Telephone Main 8&X
Residence, 1802 McAUtsta: st.
Residence Telepbons Fa»« Mil.
IffTWTfcCiiTTTifciwi tiF'jrii i in'* 1 mil n ~ ¦ ¦ .-'-*¦ *
JJeen buying six-dollar shoes at the
retail price? ; ;
an Wish you'd step into
Hi *k e nearest Regal store
WjlL and see six-dollar shoes sold at the
All styles, all leathers, one price
JH^RwSft You wont be asked to believe any-
¦ji^Wl thing vou can ' t see - The "Window of
llllillliiiif e Sole" makes it possible for you to
iHllSfiSi 1 " see on t^ ie n^ she<^ shoes an unfinished
v\^^|H part of the honest, everlasting Live
j|j||Jyt|i Oak leather used in Regal soles, — and
e snoes dissected by the Regal Buzz-
J^SJ^Bi&k, Saw show you the true inwardness of
Regal leather and workmanship from
fHrnnR^W Regal style wont need dissection —
™FjH||BBf We've proved the Regal to about
c||r|gyW a million regular customers now — or
Wh rather the Regal has proved itself—
«8^W and they keep our seventy-two stores
busy. There are a great many shrewd
people in any million, — and if the
Regal had failed to prove itself a "six-dollar shoe at the
wholesale price" we'd be subtracting fifteen stores from
the Regal chain instead of adding fifteen new ones as
we have done.
Send for Style Book. Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
There are 72 Regal Stores, 25 of them In Greater New York, where the styles
originate. The new styles are on sale at our San Francisco Store at the same
time as in the New York Stores.
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE..Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE '. Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEOAZ. SHOES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Most folk who-eat
" FORCE " think it tastes
the best of all breakfast
foods. They say, "It goes
right to the spot."
That's because Nature
is on the spot. She knows
at the first taste what she
can make the best blood,
and bone, and brain out of.
Nature says, "Give me
'FORCE.'"
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
60c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by-
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expena* of
I2C0.00O— N«w Management — ENTIRELY FIRE-
PROOF.
LOCATION— Very accessible to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms In antique decorations.
Turkish -Baths -In Hotel. . • ¦
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De 8tel-
Ber. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prlnce.of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connee-
tiens in every room; long distance connections
made with any part of the Coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.-
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash.
PfllarA DON'T FAIL TO
raiawg see & t beatttiful
j COURT ' Lounging
311(1 room, the EMPIRE
uuu Parlor, the
C~~~A PALM ROOM, the
urand louis xvpar.
UIUIIU LOR, and the LA-
r'Hki-Al^ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f ;vjjr .A }?•'"<* f./ •¦*' '*' • ''¦$ t £ •*\< t ? /**'•**'* "•*•*•••••• -¦¦"-' j
1 / r * ** f f*" *^^fi*' • * V -^ * - * * f # ¦**** \_ %'"'^^?^^3
I ¦'• *M M » t w* Jt w 9 wRK*^* il
¦ Young women may avoid much sick- .1
ness and pain, says Miss Alma Pratt, if
they will only have faith in the use of
Lydia K Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
' "Deab Mrs. PrxKHAM : — I feel it my duty to tell all young women
how much Lydia E. Pinkhani'a wonderful Vegetable Compound has
done for me. I was completely run down, unable to attend school, and
iiid not care for any kind of society, but now I feel like a new person,
and have gained seven pounds of flesh in three months.
" I recommend it to all young women who suffer from female Wftak-
Dess."-— Miss Alsia Pbatt, Holly, Mich.
FREE 3IEDICAI, ADVICE TO YOUNG GIRLS/
All younjr jrirls at this period of life are earnestly invited to
Trrite Mrs. Pinkham for advice; she has guided in a motherly way-
hundreds of young women; her advice is freely and cheerfully
(given, and her address is Lynn, Mass.
Judging 1 from the letters she is receiving from so many young 1 girls Mrs.
Pinkham believes that our girls are often pushed altogether too near the
limit of their endurance nowadays in our public schools and seminaries.
. . Nothing is allowed to interfere "with studies, the girl must be pushed to
the front and graduated with honor ; often physical collapse follows, and ;Lt
takes years to recover the lost vitality, — often it is never recovered.
A Young Chicago Girl Saved from Despair.
"Deab Mrs. Pinkiiam: — I wish to thank you for the help and ben-
efit I have received through the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound and Liver Pills. When I was about seventeen
• vears °*d I suddenly seemed to lose my usual good
' 'vZ^Z&g^g^*^^ health and vitality. Father said I studied too
hard, but the doctor thought different and
fflra£sfg|§^§i§ggB£^ prescribed tonics, which I took by the
• Quart without relief Reading one day in
THf^^^^^^^^^y^raftC^ the paper of Mrs. Pinkham's great cures,
\^^^W j&k and finding the symptoms described an-
. ) S* swered mine, I decided I would give Lydia
/ llf^&ssirazTH E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound a
¦ V^ triaL I did not say a word to the doctor;
4 fcA? 7 * .•''flalsiiSr bought it myself, and took it according
H&SL Xrf-^^Ms&^i to directions "regularly for two months,
!BliS8W^5i??»@i^r and * * oun(1 that I gradually improved,
V »v>v^ ri*. an< * l^ afc a^ P 11 " 13 * e * L me ' anc * I, was m y
ifM\V^ ly fjr old self once more. — Lili.ie E. Sinclair,
* f 17 K 22d St*, Chicago I1L"
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the one sure rem-
edy to be relied upon at this important period in a young girl's
life ; with it she can go through with courage and safety the work
she must accomplish, and fortify her physical well being so that
her future life may be insured against sickness and suffering.
tit* flOn FORFEIT U w« cannot forthwith prodnee tho original letters and signature! of
\nllllll »boTe ttstuaoclkli, vLict lrlll prore their absolute genn'neneis.
W U UUU lordl» E. rinkbam Medicio* Co., Lrna. ileus.
. . Ca-aeaaJ^^jf } M0N b EY - S d AVER
R^^^w^^^i^ll9r Do not lrt *&• *•»* *poll your milk, ifl
Braryy™^y'.rTKnr iMJffcgfii a«*t. etc., tae*e warm days. Take ad- 7H
I Kv'//;/ -"- j OftlUKa 1 TMtag-e of tMi sale of Befriffer»tors. /hH
1 1 BBJ^yH Automatic 1
| Refrigerator f
• T B*."' J 8?^W splendid coolor at a moderate price. /j3
yfc^EESSS;^^ S'JtttZmk^ Iiard wood. gold«*n oak finish, white Aw
porcelain lined water cooler: provl- /fH
' r^ jfjZJL^r^Tr if^T TV^^^^T^f Sl ° n ch^ mb^ r 19^» Inches wide. lC^i r Ea
(^*k~""--^~g^^===E==J===E-J!^r3fl Good $32.50 value, special. . .J5?2ii.r>0 3
L.t^jjlJSr^^^^E^—^^Sifl Smaller size, without cooler. .JjjlT.oO jjn
iib— — BiaTttwj iisjs— —mi I H ¦¦! fiw ¦ j Watch Our Bush-Street Windows. frS
1 J2g-13Jg M SUTTER CT. .^- 1namburgr Belle Out of Brooklyn.
..NEW YORK, May 19. — Hamburg
Belle, winner of last year's Futurity,
has been declared out of the Brook
lyn handicap,, to be run at Gravesend
next week. •• -7 ••
In English school, .three hours a
week are given to needlework; in New
York schools but one. :~.
For the twelve months of *""»'Iast
calendar year 'the exports of bread
stuffs from thlscbuntry.had a value, in
round numbers. > of $133,000,000, against
$187,000.000' of Binillar exports during the
preceding year. • - ¦ : • •
McCoy to Fight FiU'Here.
NEW YORK. May 19. — Kid Mc-
Coy agreed to-day to fight Bob Fitz
simmons In San Francisco on July 4.
Fltzsimmons is _ expected to agree to
terms to-morrow. He expressed will
ingness to' meet McCoy, but wanted
further details as to the size of the
puree and other conditions.' '
Dental Graduates at Banquet.
The faculty and alumni of the dental
department of the University of Cali
fornia cave a banquet at the* Palace
Hotel last, evening to the graduating
class of the State institution. - Dr.
James G. Sharp presided at the func
tion, which was attended by about
120 persons. A mpng the speakers of
the evening .were Dr. Hart J. Goslee,
Dr. H. P. Carlton, ; Dr. John M. Will
iamson, Dr. Joseph D. Hodgen, Mrs.
M. Slonaker; Dr.' MJ J. Sullivan; Dr. L.
\ r an'Orden and Dr. Herbert Moore.
TACOMA,. May 19.— The Tigers
were r chased into the j.ungle to-day by
the hard hitting Siwashes. Thomas
was knocked out in two innings and
Fitzgerald was also hit hard. Mohler,
Frisk and Graham made home runs.
Barber, was hit by a Ditched ball and
knocked insensible. Williams took his
place, but lasted only one Inning, be
ing relieved by young Hall.. Score:.
Seattle — ¦ Tacoma — .-»:'•
AB.R. H. P.A AB.R. H. P.A.
VnHtn.cf. 5 10 1 ODoyle.rf. 5 0 0 3 0'
Mohlr,2b S"5** 3 3 4 3 Shfhn,3b 5 0 1 14
Dlinty,3b 4 2 4 0 SNrdyk.lb 3 0 0 10 0
Frlsk.lf.. 3.12 20 Egan.s. .4 01 3 «
Hmlth.rf. 4 112 0 Hanvn.of 4 1 1 0 <1
Brshr.lb. 5 0 0 8 2 Ca8ey,2b. 2 2 15 2
R. Hall.s 5 0 1 a 2 McLgn.lf 4'1 13 1
Wilson.c. 5 2 2.5 1 Grahxn.cf 4 2 2 2 1
Barber, p. 2 111 0 Thoms.p. 0-0 0 0 .1
Wilams.pl 10 1 0 Fltigld.p 3 0 1*0 0
C. Hall, pi 0 0 0'1 •Haean..-. 1 00 00
, Totals. 40 12 14 27 12 Totals. 35 6 S 27 10
'Batted for Fitzgerald in the ninth.
RUNS AND. HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma ..... 0 0 0 0 '3 ' 3' 0' 0 0 — « '
Base hits 0 0 0-13 -4 O 0 0— S.
Seattle 16 0 1 3 1 00 0 — 12
Base hits' 1 4 1 2 '3 0 111— 14
SUMMARY.
: Errors— Egan, Hannivan. Casey 2, \ Frisk.
Struck out— By Fitzgerald 2. by Barber 2, by
Williams I, by Hall 2. Bases on balls— By
Thomas 3. by Fitzgerald" 1, by Williams 2. by
Hall 1. Hit by pltoher — By Fitzgerald 2. Wild
pitch — Fitzgerald. Stolen base — Wilson. ..Two
base hits — Egan. Barber, Mohler? 2. Home
runs — Graham,' Frisk, : Mohler. Double plays-
Casey to Egan to Nordyke; Wilson to Mohler.
Left on bases — Tacoma 6, Seattle 7. Hits off
Tliomus 5, off Fitzgerald 7, oft Barber 1, , off
'.Williams 3. off .. Hall 4. ¦, .Tline -oi-game — 2
, hours. Umpire-— Huston. , d
Pitcher 'Barber 'Is Injured.
Premium for bulleeye on 30-ehot tickets— 1,
F. K. Mason:, 2. A. H. Pape; 3, C. Henderson;
4. D. B. Faktor: 8,. A. Strecker: «. Jacob
Gruhler: 7. A. Gehret; 8, F: P. Schuster; 9.
I). Salneld: 10. >II. Huber; 11. -.C Thierbach;
VI F. Brandt; 13. Otto Lemke; 14, Philo Ja
coby:.13/ A. Westfahl; 16 Gus Schultz; 17. Ja
cob Meyer; 18, R. Btettln; 19, George H. Bahrs;
20, K- Wertheimer. ;
Best centers — A. Gehret 37, A. H. Pape 108
H. Meyer 131. Captain H. Stelllng 133, A.
Strec-ker 141. Otto Bremer 157. Oeorge H.
Bahnt 1S5. S. Hclno 191. F. Koch 222 H. Hu
ber 230. A Wcstfah! 245. C. Henderson 282.
D. B. Faktor 290. F. K. Mason 295 Auic
Meyer 299, Jacob Gruhler 309. Charles Peach
329. A«lam Shaefer 337. D. Salfleld 338, John
CefUen U72.
The officials of the San ._ Francisco
Schuetzen . Club have ' compiled the
scores of last Sunday's competition at
Shell Mound Park. The official re
sults follow: . .--¦: : : : ,'; /"
Mo*t points — A." H. Pape 481, A. Gehret 419,
D. Salfield 350. F. P. Schuster 317. George H
Bahrs 2.'>S. D. B. Faktor 223. A. Strecker 182
Charles Thierbach 182. Jacob Gruhler 181, Hi
Huber 177, T. K. Mason 142. Otto Bremer 137.
John Gefkcn 120, Adam Shaefer 110, Aug.Jung
blutt 110. C?ptaln Ruhstoller 107. Otto Lemke
101. . C. Henderson 100 Jacob Meyer 98, D
Munterman.93. F. Brandt. 92. K. Wertheimer
78, R. 'Bcrtelsen 7«J, P. Jacoby 63. John Beut
ler 57, H. Bornholdt .%3. F. Koch 52. A. West
fahl 50. Gus Gunther BO. R. Stettin 40, Charles
Peach 4S. A. P. Nelson 47. Gus Schullz 47,
Captain H. Stelllng 45. John Lankenau 45'. • J.
Jones 43. H. Zechrr 41, H. Meyer 39, A. Rah
wyler 30, F. P. Rathjens 36.
A. Gehret Credited With the Best. Cen
ter, While A. H. Pnpe Leads*
on Point Target.
SCORES ARE ANNOUNCED.
OF SCHUETZEN CLUB MEN
Flaunt \5. Miss BrummeJ, Budding Rose vs
J&c* Short, Onroy vs. Forest Fire, Trotting
Jjub vs. gnapper Garrmun, Lady Kelu v r
ijuefcy Shamrock. ( CoMlt* vs. Lady Hover
Lu.~y Clair vs. Lily Wright. Red Pepper'vs'
Lafly Newark. Queen"* Motto vs. tilaucus.
Frisky Barbara v«. .Jessie D«>ar. Good as Gold
r*. CJlsrxinc Pa*ha. Ml Grafter vs. Bright
Cclurr.bia. Toronto v*. Wedsewood. Lord <iran
et<l vr. ¦ Idaho Hoy. Imperious vs. May Flush
Our Atjra vs. Gold Lily, Lily York v*>. Hum
tug, Lanniarcll v».-Fenii. Belfast vr. Intruder
Honest John vis. Pepper Jack. Roy Hughi* ve
EaglP r.lrd; Wild" Bill v«. Dartawar. Hu:nboldt
vc. Littl? 'SiFter. Hcmtr Boy v*. Yellowtal.
Wattles vs. Ragged Actor. Mark Twain vs.
Fritskv Boy, Colored Lady vs. Commercial
TrarHtr. General l>ewet vs.' Prmnpto. General
Fremont vs. TebSReo Bob, Portunm Angel vs.
nera. Pure Pearl vs. Courtly Guest. Black
Comi vr. Northern. Lad.. Luxury- vs. Krishna.
Duhallow \>. Laboring Boy. Aggie w vs. Evil
Eye. .Peter Mclntyre v*. Prometheus, Goldrn
Onrter v«. Frifco Lad. Real Duchess vs. Silver
Ooud. Hob It vr. - Rerr.lsso Anlmo. Royal
Fr''-n«l ve. Helen Hayes. Little Lucy vs. White
Ftociclnr*. Arrle Blorson vh. Don Pedro. Doc
JT.:rn* vs. Lulu Girl. Beauty GoM v». Jerry
Wright. Aurvlla v*. Rich Argosy. Concord
Hoy v«. Hsddlngton. Frank Dunne, vs. Encore.
Northern Alarm vs. Ornlna. Thetln vs. Golden
Feather, Uttle Pluneer vs. Eagle, My Nell
vr. Rolling Boer. Sir Wlntnn vs. Articulate,
Htar Elyvar.nus v«. Youn* Fearless. Haushty
Hflrn vs. Oonnybrcok. Sofala vs. Balendine.
Mcise vs. J. C. -Hoenan.- ¦-
A>ll*-dog stake will be run at In
gleside Coursing Park to-morrow and
Sunday. The -dra^v last night at
Pythian Castle resulted as follows:
Ingleslde Coursing Park Management
Announces a' Two-Day Meeting
for This Week.
OXE HUNDRED AND TWELVE
GREYHOUNDS ARE ENTERED
PHILADELPHIA, May 19. — Although the
home team outbatted St. Louis to-day this
visitors won through poor fielding of the locals.
Attendance 44w. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis ...: ,.4 4 l
Philadelphia ......3«11 5
BatterKs-r-Glade and -Kahoe; Bender and
Schreck. • . ¦¦ » 1
WASHINGTON, May 19.— Walsh pitched a
tine cauie to-day against Washington, the
locals making only two hits. The Chicagos
bunched hits on Jacobson In- the fourth and
eighth innings and won easily. Attendance
1000. Score: -^ ..." ' : •
R. II. E.
Washington 0 2 1
Chicago ". 5 8t\ 1
; '.Batteries — Jacobson and Klttredge; Walsh
and McFarland. ...
AMERICAN LEAGUE. »
Batteries — Wicker and O'Neill; Poole and
Btrjen. ¦• •» - ¦
PlTTSBURG. May . 19.— New York raved a
shut-out by making three hits In the ninth In
ning and scored their only runs, liuth pitchers
did rood work and were given excellent sup
pert. Attendance 2385. Score:
, R. H. E.
PittBburg 2 9 1
New York 1 7 0
Butteries — Miller and Phelps; Taylor and
Warner.
8T. LOUIS, May 19.— St. Louis took thn sec
ond and final game from Philadelphia. Scci-:
It. H. E.
St. Louis -. . .9 10 0
Philadelphia 2 8 2
..Batteries — Taylor and Grady; Dugglcby and
Roth. Umpire — Zimmer. .
CHICAGO, May 10.— Chicago won its sev
enth straight game to-day by bunching hits In
the fourth and eighth Innings. Wicker pitched
& great game, holding the visitors to four hits.
He would hav4 easily ehut them out but for
two error* In the ninth. Attendance ISoo.
Sco're: R. H. E.
Chicago 4 11 4
Brooklyn 1 4 2
Wicker Pitches In Great Style, Hold
ing Visitors to Four Hits.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
SEVENTH GAME FOR CHICAGO.
Tirst Race— Triumvir,'"* Duncan*
Glenznllant.
Second Race — The Trifler, Michael
Byrnes. lx>n Meirell.
Third Race — Sad Sam, Don Domo,
The Fog.
Fourth Race— Huzzah, Gilfaih, Dan
McKenna. . v. r*
Fifth Race — Little Elkin, Compass,
Marcos.
Sixth Race — Cardinal Woolscy,
Spcnccrlan, Mamsellc.
WORTH SELECTION.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. May 19.— In the fifth
race to-day Frying ran, ridden by J. Lewis,
fell. Lewis suffered a broken leg and severe
bruises. The horse was destroyed. Results:
First race, five furlongs — Swing Corners won,
Lillle Long second. Forger third. Time. 1:03.
Second race, four furlongs — Fred Hornbeck
won. Lady McKeon second, Flixte third. Time.
:50li.
Third race, one mile and fifty yards— Fontes-
Ea von, Buccleuth secend, Nuptial third. Time,
1:46ft.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Elfin King won,
Irish Jewel second. Cloverton third. Time,
1:14»,.
Fifth race, tour and a half furlongs, selling —
Torpedo won, Hersaln second, Quldaro third.
Time, :57^j.
Sixth race, five furlongs, selling— Lady Idris
won. Rash Reuben second, Helgerson third.
Time. 1:O1M.
Jockey J. Lewis Injured.
•Less than 7 per cent of the power
used in manufacturing plants in the
United States Is electric.
Humble Case Goes to the Jury,
Assistant United States District At
torney Ben I* McKinley made th«
closing argument in the United States
District Court yesterday for the pros
ecution in the case of the United
States against George W. Rumble,
charged with having used the post
office to further a scheme to defraud
his correspondents into buying stock
in a wildcat mine.' Judge de Haven
will charge" the Jury at 10 o'clock thi»
morning.
Sacrifice hits— Cartwrlght. Irwin. Error-
Beck. Earned run.-v— Portland 1, San Francisco
1. Stolen baees — Gorton. Bases on balls — Off
Jones 2. Struck out — >By Butler 2, by Jones 2.
Two-base hits— Beck 2. Meany, Reltz. Left
on bases — Portland H. San Francisco 9. Hit by
pitcher — By Jones 1." Passed balls — By Gor
ton 2. First base on errors — Portland 1. Time
of game — One hour forty minutes. Umpire —
O'Conncll. "
SUMMART.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 x— 3
Bas« hits 2 0 11 0 0 12 x— 7
Ban Francisco O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 -1 — 1
Base hits 110 21 0 2 1 2—10
/ Totals.2'J 3* 7 Ti 13| Totals.3C 1 10. 24 13
PORTLAND, Or., May 19. — Two
thousand enthusiastic fans saw San
Francisco nearly shut out by the home
team. With one bad inning, Butler
in the box, Beck's error let in the only
run for the Seals. Dugdale appeared
on the ground for the first time as
manager and his presence was in
stantly noted. Several changes made
in the positions of the men seemed
productive of results. Dugdale's ad
vice and handling of his men was re
sponsible for to-day's victory. .Whis
pering Phil Nadeau made a sensation
al throw in from deep left, nipping a
run at the home plate. The score:
Portland — • I San Francisco —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Drnan.cf 4 0 0 2 OJHdbnd.lf 5 0 0 2 0
McCde.rf 4 0 0 2 « Wldrn^cf 4 0 11 0
Nadu, If .V 113 1 Meany.rf 4 .0 2 2 0
Beck, 2b 4 2 H 1 4 Irwin 3b 3 0 0 O 2
Frnci*,ss 4 0 2 11 Miller, us 4 0 2 2 3
Mrphy.lb 4 O 1 12 O)Reitz. 2b 4, 1 1 1.4
i"artht,3b 10 0 2 4 Massy.lb 4 0 3 14 0
Shea.- c 2 O 0 4 «; Gorton, c4 O 1 2 1
Butler, p 3 0 0 0 S Jones, p 4 0 0 0 3
Diigdnlc Helps Men to Victory.
Fifth race, five furlongs, three-year-olds and
up. selling— Llirht Braid 105. I Targette 02.
Cracko 98. Sir Preston 10O Amoruna 96. Titus
1C5, MDntoya 105. Willna 0« My Surprise 107.
Sir Appleby 95. Sir Dougall 10S.
Sixth race, four-year-olds and ,up,- selling,
one mile — K"m»lne 107, Illowaho 110. Forest
Klnp 110, Flush of Gold . 105, Colonel Ander
son 107. ¦ . ¦ • . ' • ' ' -
Fourth race." American Hotel Stake, thre^
ycar-olda anil up. selling — Xullah ¦ 102 Lady
Kent 107. The Pride 111. Ocyrohe 100. Andrew
B. Cofak 100. Colvan 100, Mlsty's Pride 113,
Hulford 90.
Third race, five, furlongs.' three-year-olds and
up. selling— John • Besgs 117, The Lieutenant
107. Thadtleus 119.' A'dnor 121, Facts 100, Bren
mi3 114, The Jew 102. Sol Llchtcnsteln lift.
Joe.Ha 105. Hercules 122, Hindoo Princess 115.
Pachuca 1C0. . . . . . •
First race, six furlonys, three-year-olds and
up. selling— Potentla 102. Resigned 105. J. H.
Bennett 119. Florlana 'Belle 90. Red Damosel
Hi Moor 111, Assessment 118, Dr. Sherman
11C. Gondolus 104. Cotatl 90, Emathion 116,
Nellie Bawn 110. .
Second race, three-year-olds and up, selling —
Geisha Girl 9«. Hurrah Three Times 110. Vic
toria S 104. Kstado , Aggresscr 10<? Maude
Browne 84. Royal White 10O, Mtrgin D 104,
Nano 1C1. Saul of Tarsus 100, Myrtle lOti, Ef
fervescence 91. /
Sixth race' one" mile.' purse $200. three-year
olds—J. V. Kirby 107 (Smith). 9 to 5. first;
Chickadee 105 (Tullett), 8 to 1, second; North
west 05 (Butler). 3 to 1. third. Time. 1:42.
The entries for to-morrow's races
are: A:.- -: : ¦¦'.,¦¦¦•¦
First race, five furlongs, selling, $200. thre»
year-olds — Juan Bcllardo 111 (Bozeman). .1 to
1, first: CrlRli 93 ( ). 4 to 1. second; Eva
D SB (Butler). C to 2. third; Time. 1:01%.
Second race, one -mile. Rolling, $200. four
year-olds—Edra 105 -(Powell) «$ to 1, first;
Xellie Bawn 106 (Everson). 2 to 1, second;
Frank Pearce 10S. (Buxton). 3 to , 1. thltd.
Time. 1:43 Vj.
Third race. four, furlongs, selling. $200. two
year-olds — KdKocliff 110 (Tullett), 8 to 5 first;
Steel Wire 110 (Vlckery). 6 to 5. second;Here
dla 110 (Heavner). 5 io 1. third. Time. :49',4.
Fourth race, one mile, felling, $200. four
year-olds — Lozano-.109' (McHannon) 7 to 1.
first; Vasallo 103 '(Kelly), 11 to 10. second;
Plan 108 (Everson).. 15 to 1, third. Time,
1:434. .
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling, $2CO. three
year-olds — My Surprise 106' (Fountain), 4 to
1. first: Ama.«a 108 : (Powell). 8 to 1, second;
Dolly Weithoff 110 (Buxton). 7 to 2. third.
Time 1:01%
PETALUMA, May 19.— The attend
ance at Kenilworth Park races to-day
was the largest of the meeting. Seven
bookies wanted to cut in, but there
were not enough slates to accomodate
them. The volume of betting was
about the same, but the bookmakers
did well. The weather was perfect and
track in fine condition. Favorites won
two races. In the third Edgecliff
opened favorite, but was replaced in
the betting by Steel Wire and Heredia.
Edgecliff won by a .nose. J. V. Kirby,
favorite in the sixth race, at 6 to 5,
won easily. In the opening number
Juan Bellardo won handily over Crig
11 and Evea p. The summary:
Second race, nine-sixteenths of a mile— Lou
Merrell 97, Picture Hat 97 Al Casey 97. Peer
less Queen 97. The Trifler 100. Michael Byrnes
100, Racenia May 110, Mellwood 113.
Third race, five furlongs — Komombo 92 G»n
eral Steward 92. Don Domo 87. Baywood 100.
Peter J 104 Sad Sam 107, Mayor Johnson 112,
Thf Fog 117.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth mites,
handicap — Giirain 05. Rankin 93 Huzzah 1C2,
Dan McKenna 106.- Cardinal WoolFey P5, Port
Royal 10S. (Wooleey and Royal Street entry;
Rackln and Muzzah Arthur entry.)
Fifth race, ore and a quarter miles,' selling —
Louis Kraft 94. Sarilla 97. Benson Caldwell 99,
Rluemint C9 Snowdrift 101 Compass 102 Alma
«irl 102. Marcos 102. Jack Doyle 104 ' N'orth
Wind 107.
Sixth race, *even furlongs, selling — Dusky
W>. Spencerlan 92, Rol Bmlth 95. Emperor or
India 95. Redman 90. Frec!:man 96, Telephone
97. Mamselle 98. Chockaynote 99. Miss Man
ners 101. Early Eve 102. Suave 103. Emma A
M 103. Ontonagon 104. Sweet Tooth 1C9, Car
dinal Wools^y 109.
Weather clear. Track fa««t.
Firnt race, six furlonirs. maidens — Reglna D
110. EnerKetio 110. Triumvir 112 Gragoon 112,
Ghats 112. Polk Miller 112. Chameleon 112.
Raincoat 112, Duncan 112. Glenesher 115 Glen
Gallant 115.
CHICAGO, May 19. — Sad Sam, Don
Domo, The Fog and other sprinters
will hook up in the third race to
morrow over five furlongs at Worth
track. On Saturdav the racing scene
will shift to Hawthorne, where the
feature event will be the Chicago
Derby. The Chicago Jockey Club
adds $10,000. The entries for to
morrow are:
WORTH TRACK ENTRIES.
Increased Attendance Is
Noted at the Kenihvorth
Park Meeting at Petaluma
CINCINNATI. May 19. — Elwood,
fresh from hi3 Derby victory at Louis
ville, won the Latonia Derby to-day at
a mile and a half over a slow track
and in a drizzling rain from a field of
four In 2:42%. He nipped E. Tlerney
a nose from the finish, after a desper r
ate struggle through the stretch.
Lonsdale. which had made all the
early pace, was beaten fifteen lengths
by Ed Tlerney for the place. Salivate,
the only other starter, was fourth all
the way. The value of the purse to
the winner was S5730. Attendance,
10,000. Summary:
First race, six furlong* — Van Ne«» won,
Two Lick aecond. Red Raven third. Time,
1:15*;.
Second race, one mile^ — Dutiful ¦won. H»nu
more second. Baird third. Time. 1:44 1 4.
Third race, seven furlongs — Potnpino won.
Prince Light second, Quincy third. Time.
l:32Vi.
Fourth race, Latonia Derby, one and » half
miles value to wtnner S373O — Elwood 12T
(.Prior). 7 to 2. won: Ed Tlerney.XlH <Mun
roe), 11 to 5. second: Lonsaa:* 112 fj. Hick*).
4 to 5. third. Tim*. 2:42*4. Salivate also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs — W«b#rfl«lds won,
Strouds second. Dictator third. Tim*. 1:05.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Montanlc woa
Jake Greenberg second. Gracious third. Time.
1 :32ft.
Race in Which Only Four Start Fur
nishes a Desperate Race Through
the Stretch.
TWO FAVORITES
FINISH FIRST
ELWOOD BEATS ED TIERVEY
A XOSE IX LATOXIA DERBY
YACHT DETROIT. WITH WHICH
f , SAN DIEX3O SPORTSMEN BX-
I PECT TO WIN LIPTON CUP.
SAN DIEGO, May 19.— Somewhere
along the line of the Santa Fe railroad,
between this city and the metropolis
of the lakes, is the craft on which the
yachtsmen of\this city pin their hope
that they will be able to keep the Lip
ton cup in San Diego. It is In the
possession of the Corinthian Yacht
Club of thie city in trust for the suc
cessful yacht of the thirty-foot class,
owned on the Pacific Coast, which shall
prove a winner in two of the three
races to be held off the mouth of the
harbor on the 13th, 15th, and 16th of
August next.
The Detroit, which is being brought
across the continent to race for the
beautiful cup, was built by the Michi
gan Yacht and Power Company for a
syndicate of Detroit .yachtsmen. They
wanted a vessel to represent that city
in 1 the competition for the honor of de
fending Canada's cup, which has been
won by the yacht Genesee of Roches
ter, New York, and held by the Chi
cago Yacht Club, under .whose auspi
ces the Genesee went over, to Toronto
and won the cup the year- before.
There were nine In the competition, all
of .which were built that year for the
express" purpose of competing for the
honor. The' judges took time to decide
and for two days debated as t« whether
the Detroit or the Cadillac should be
the defender, finally fixing upon the
latter by a close vote.
At that time the Detroit had never
been even tried out, having been ship
ped from Detroit to Chicago within a
few days of the time she was turned
over to the syndicate rrom the hands
of the builders. Since that time the
Detroit and the Cadillac have had
many races and in many close contests
tried to settle the supremacy of the
lakes for boats of that class, but found
that they could not determine it- They
were planning for another season of
trials this year, had not the Detroit
been sold to come to California.
Yacht Detroit Is on. the
, , Rail En Route to
San Diego.
Mr. Jeunness had retired on his la.u- j
rels as an umpire and the. players wise- |
ly refrained from questioning the. de- i
clsions of Jim McDonald. >'. The absence
of Jud Smith, too, perhaps contributed
to the Sunday school aspect of the aft
ernoon, that gentleman having con
cluded to nurse some physical ailment.
Whether or not his bellicose disposl^"
tion was under treatment. could not be
gleaned from ; the bulletin issued by
Dr. Newton. ¦ . '•/¦.'. ...
Oscar Graham, the .erstwhile blonde
pltcher # of the quasi-locals, furnished
the only mild sensation of the day.
Oscar appeared in ; the slab' disguised
as a decided brunette, to the bewilder
ment qf some of. his admirers. "Phe ex
planation furnished by Pete Lbhman
was that Graham' had recentlv met a
strange colored . barber and that his
hair had turned black in a single night.
Oakland got a slight grip on the lead
in the fifth,, after tielng the score in
the previous inning, and held the head
of the Darade until the eighth, when
the struggle took on- a citrus tinge.
Graham up to this period had been
holding down the Angels effectively,
but the eunning^went out of his curves
after Ross had been given a walk.
Chase ; swatted th'e sphere with a
forceful swing and when the outfield
ers in center territory had finished
theii* romp he. was puffing on third.
Spies lifted -the ball over second
among. a. bunch of fielders who got tan
gled up in "the confusion of orders
shouted at them, and the leather
dropped into the grass.
Two runs in and Hank at second.
Hall made It three for the inning by
punching a straight one to left field
for two bases.
There was a brief period of suspense
in the last of the ninth, when a hit
meant two runs and a tied score for
Oakland, Francks having singled and
Schlafly doubled. Devereaux was
given the opportunity to distinguish
himself, hut he went up into the air.
The score:
Los Angeles— Oakland—
A. R. H. P.A. A. R. H.P.A.
Toman.s. 2 10 1 8 Oanl«>y,rf fi O. 0 3,,0
Whclr.2b 2 0 0 4 :•» Frnck*,* 4 0 2 2 3
Flood.Sb. 5 0 3 1 2 Krujrr.cf. 5 0 1 .V 0
Rernrd.cf 5 0 2 10 Schfly.2b. 5 13 3.4
Cravth.rf 5 0 0 2 1 Drvrx.Sb 4 0 0 0 4
Ross.lf... 4 12 2 OJ.Strb.lb 4 0 0 12 0
Chase.lb. 4 1 1.12. l.Grahm.p. 4 12 0 1
Spi«?s,c.. 4 1 14 1 Ryrnea,c. 3 0 1 3 0
Hall.p... 4 12 0 2 ( T.Streb,lf 3 11 10
Totals 35 5 11 27 18 ' Totals 37 3 10 27 12
HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles. I....1 0 1 0 0 0 0 3 0— S
Base hits 1 0 3 0 1 1 13 1—11
Oakland 0 0 0 2 1 0 00 0 — .T
Base hits 1 1 1'3 10 0 1 2—10
SUMMARY.
Stolen base? — Ross, Spies Kruger. Errors —
Toman. Wheeler. Ross. Chase. Three-base hit
—Chase. Two-base hits— Schlafly 2, Flood
Hall. Sacrifice hits— Wheeler. Toman. Byrnes.
Chase. First base on *>rrorn — Oakland 2. Fir*t
base on called balls— Off Hall 1, off Graham
4. Left on bases — Los Angeles 10. Oakland 10
Struck out — By Hall 5. by Graham 3. Hit by
pitcher — Francks, Wheeler.. Double play —
Flood to Wheeler to Chase. Time of game —
Two hours. Umpire — McDonald.
Peaceful as a ladles' tennis tourna
ment was the Recreation Park'base
ball diamond yesterday afternoon/ and
the contrast to the previous day was
like unto that between a mill pond" and
a troubled sea. t ... • ¦¦'/
The latter has done all that has been
asked of him, but his work does not
blur the impressive showing made by
Canole when he fought here last win
ter. The prediction is freely made that
before the end of next year he will bo
the champion lightweight.
The contest will be interesting in
many respects and -that it will attract
a big crowd is evident from the large
numDer of seats already sold. It will
be interesting first because the result
will establish a man who is apt to be
the champion lightweight some day
and then it will show the great differ
ence in the styles of*he distinct "classes
of pugilists, the boxer "and the fighter.
It should result in a good battle.
Canole's cleverness will be pitted
against the gameness and strength and
hitting powers of Nelson. The weigh
ing in will be done at 3 o'clock this
afternoon, the men^meetlng at Greg
gains' place shortly'before that time.
Jack Welch has been selected to ref
eree the contest and his selection meets
with the approval of the public who
bet their money on boxing contests.
Welch's decisions have always been
fair and impartial. The contestants
and their representatives had several
conferences over the referee question,
neither side caring to accept any one
but a fair, honest official. After the
names of Eddie Graney, Arthur Eck
art, Phil Wand, Eddie Smith and Billy
Roche had been discussed It was final
ly decided that Welch would be ac
ceptable to both sides and to the pub
lic as well.
It is the general impression that Nel
son Vr ill surprise a good many people
in this contest. It is being whispered
about that he is being underrated by
Canole and his people and that he will
not only beat the latter, but that he
will do it decisively. Nel3on will have
to be all that is claimed of him to
beat Canole.
The betting public cannot get away
from class and. apparently figuring
that Canole is the class of to-night a
contest in Woodward's Pavilion, the
Fall Kiver boxer has been made a 2 to
1 choice over Battling Nelson.
McDonald Once More Acts as
Umpire and His Decisions
Give Entire Satisfaction
Adherents of the' Chicago
Man Think He Has Chance
to Stop His Opponent
First Race — Boundlee, Bird Toml,
Mathilde.
Second race — Renaissance, Phil
Kin jr. .Ion Kelly.
Third Race — John II, Sid Silver,
Pourquois Pas.
Fourth Rnc« — Elastic, Hunter, Dr.
Stevcne.
Fifth Race— Radium, Welcome
Xlght, Matt WadJeigh.
Sixth Race — Sting, Huccna," Gas
lighter. , .
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, three
year-olds and up — Velasquez 117, Radium 95,
Princess Me 107, Matt Wadlelgh 102, Welcome
Light 112. Pilgrim Girl 95. Major Carpenter 97.
Sixth race, one mile, three-year-old* and up,
Felling— Edgardo 10«, Walterin S7. Exapo 00,
Gas Light t 110. Feronla 1C5, • Hueena 101,
Sting 101, General Prig 110, Hcleij Hay 102.
Weather clear; track fast. : ;
Fourth race, six furlongs, three-year-olds
and up, handicap — Elastic 124/ Dr. Stephens
110. Scotch Dance S7. Tower 03, Laura Hunter
100. .
Third race, seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and up. se'.lingr-Jerry Hunt 111. Pourquols Pas
102. Murmur 97. Hansborough 111. Escanaba
1C0. Whitrr-ore 101. Sid Silver 104, John II 100.
Second Mate 112, Domlnus 111, Rarnacle 104,
Little atant 104.
ST. LOUIS, May 19. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar race
track are as follows:
First race, five an<1 a half furlongs, three
year-o!ds and up, selling— Onanetta 110 Am
mon 112. A*8as«in 117, Bird Pond 95 Boundlee
112. Mathilde 112. Biayon 107.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, telling — Joe Kelly 106. Phil King
103, Wlllowdene 105, Renaissance 102 Bester
llnit 08.
. ENTRIES FOK DELMAR RACES.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
an>] up:
Betting. Hor.«e. Weight Jockey. St. «i Fin.
."! to 1— Velai=quer. infl (Troxler).. 3 1^14
3 to 2 — S. Charity. 107 (Wallace). 5 22 2 1
3 tn 1— Tlckful. lf>4 (W. Davis).. 2 32 3 n
Time. l:22>i. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. H. Billings' b. p. (fi) by Teuton-
Little Sisterly. Venua Victrix 102. Echodale
112.- finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St.- % Fin.
7 to 2— Pathcs. m:$ (Cocoio) 3 11 1
7 to 2— Dawson. 109 (Troxler) 1 22 24
4 to 1— Potente. 104 (W. Davis)... 2 3 1^3 20
Time. 1:58. Start poor. Won driven out.
Winner, P. J. Nolan's ch. h. (4) by Cayuga-
Julla May. King's Charm S:«. also ran. King's
Charge left at the post.
FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Ingolthrift &'. (Stovalj. . . 3 1 J 10
9 to 2— Lynch. 102 (Perkins) 4 5 2 2 n
5 to 1— A10,>. 109 (Rayner) 1 3 1 3 3
Time, 1-37. Star: good. Won galloping.
Winner, C. W. Glvens & Co.'s ch. c. (3) by
Ingolsby-Adalld. Blue Miracle 107, Frank Rice
105 finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
o'dn and up. • •¦
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockej-. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— T. Foster. 102 fVnndrut) 117 1-7
7 to 2— Meran, 104 (M Mullen) 4 3 4.28
10 to I— Clifton Boy. 9U < Rayner) 3 4 1" 114
Time. l:23\i. Start good. Won pulled up.
Winner. John McGechan & Go's ch. h. (5) by
Fon*o-ReceE». Mordella 8S. Blue Blaze. 107
finished as named.
RECOXD RACE— Four furlonga; two-year
.•Ids. 1
Betting. Horse, Weight. JocVey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — A L«dy. 101 (Rayner)... 2 16 11
« to 1 — Passive. 103 (Cocoio) 3 4 3 -2 8 .
Even— Jar. de Paris, 111 (Austn) 5 3 2 3 6
Time, :!H3. Start good. >vcn easily. Win
ner,' J. M. Barker & Co.'-s ch. T. (2) by Blue
and Gray-Lady Kantaka. Beraandena 05, Syl
van Belle $>S. Captain Erola.-Ki 100, Happy
Chap 103, Tommy O'Hara 10a finished as
named.
ST. LOUIS, May 19.— Jardin de Paris,
Ed Gardner's good two-year-old, which
won so handily here early in the
week, was beaten off to-day by A
Lady and by Passive. The racing was
fairly up to form, the track having
dried out materially. The usual, mis
haps on the bad back stretch were ab
sent. Summary:
FIKST RACK— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and; up . . -. . «
Belting. Horee. Weight Jockey. St. %. Fin.
8 to 1— Graden. 107 (Hoffman). 2 8 Vi 11
tt to 1— Aransas. 104 (W. Davis) 5 6 3 2 r.k
I-' to 1— Kin. Park. 107 (Gullett) 9 3 3 8 5
Time. l:24«i. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. P. H. Jones' ch h. (5) by $tar Ruby-
Falsalra. Caybon 05 Myrtle White S8. LJttle
Giant 102. ¦ Dagger 104. Brick Fowler 03, Es
canba 107 finished as named.
FirUi Race —^De Resrke, Pompano,
Go Bcttveen.
Siitii Race— April Showers, Graz
iallo, City Bank. :v>*v >-.
Third Race — Incantation, Czara*
piiine. Qirjsilis. . -
Fourth Race— Hortensia, Fine Art,
South Trimble.
FirM Race— Young Henry, Girdle.
lit* rdo!r»h . ... ¦
Second Race — The Claimant, Bul
warlc, I^alac.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
Fixth race, handicap, ore and a sixteenth
miles over the hill — Major DainKerfield 123.
Red IJffct 1(fS. Graziailo IKi. Florham Que«n
100,- April Showers 97. Oareman 110. Andy
Williams if*. Trepan 100. City Bank 100,
Cclontar 55. ...
Fifth race, felling. Witbrrs mile — Akela 111,
Trcpaa 107. Cincinnatun 10^. Go Between 97,
Th!*t^ Heather f/9. L*ord Melbourne 101. Pon\
j->ano fi5. . N'aretor 113^ Mackey Dwyer 105.
<"harlca £l»oo'l 103 Briarthtrrpe 33 De Resske
JCV. Totnosa 05.
Third raw. stake four and a half furlongs —
Incantation 122. SchulanT.te 112. Martha Gcr
naau.112-<'zaraphin«-112. Antimony 112. Cry
titts 112. Fancy Dress 112.
Fourth race purse eeven furlongs — South
Trimble 114. Buckley W. Tjm Payne *>«. De
tention S3. Joe Cobb 113. Cola Saint 88 Hor
icr.ala »3. Fine Art 03
Second racp. pur*e. four and a half fur
long? — Mont<?bello IKi By Play 110 Otsego
11". Bulwark 107, The Clalment 110 Es
cutcheon 110. UJac 1<»7. Idle Hoar 107.
First race, relling Eclipse course — NI?ka
ycn» 113. Ca*f?ta in Neither One 1(M. Larty
Wlrihful tH. Billy Rnch* 94 Eloim 104, Girdle
107. Bardolph 103 Escobar OS, Queen Elir.a
br-Ji 113. Gold Dome 106. W. B. Fa5i(f LOS,
Oll^trn S4. R. HemrtsU-ail SS Gananoguc h~.
Miiadt Lovf 107, Ynurg Henry 122.
MOHRIS PARK ENTRIES.
While R. J. Wilson Jr.'s Dolly Span- j
ker won the Pocantico Stake from a I
field not supposed to be able to force j
him to do his best, this supposition was j
incorrect. Mr. Wilson's Relding was off j
H<or!>\ however, while The Southerner j
was off in front and in good motion. |
This n:ny account for the necessity on j
the part of R»-dfern to ride Dolly Span
ker out in order tor stand off the rush
of Robin Hood. The Southerner also
hung on. so the three placed racers !
ivore lapped <m each other up tir the i
last few Firides. Th* time. 1:47 Vi for j
a. mile and a sixteenth, marked a good
performance. Summary:
FIRST KACE-^lx and a half furlongs;
tfcr^.ytar-i.ids a2« up: K-lilrix:
Zicitifig. Horse. V. et*ht. Jockey. *< . ?» Fin. |
Sit to l-H>dra.iK<a. M <Notter».. 5 • 1 V» 1
to 1— J.* Lyr.ton. ¦03.<Pch!llinr». s v * 2S j
ZlioZ— Ella 8rrr>a«?r. 101 «Klenk» « • 3 2t
liir.t. 1:-1. teir. Wen driving. Win- I
r.er ; I. U. I>at:s<tf« b. t. by Alhert-Tomaile I
X**. Bobadil, Kiortrel. Torn L*»-son. Liocket,
Trincfift. Machanlon. <»rantsda!e. Mempnis, |
I"ar«n!ass. Jo# Cobb. finished as named.
8Ec6n'O RACE- Four and a half furlongs: j
two-vtar-oidf .- i"iur»*:
Xio^linf. , Hor*f, Weisht. Jockey. St. *« Tin.
JJtoS — Bicrlfler. 115 lUannon)... 1 • U
!'• t'l 1 — Veto. H»9 «BurT5si 4 • 2 ns
f« '.r> 1 — ttcse ct l»a»n.ltu <Sha»» 3 • 3 3
No 'tirre tak^>n Start fair. Won easily. 1
L. V. BeU*€ <.h. e. by Hasting*-G:or>.
Ft lieilnnf. UrltUher. Mon Amour, Gamara.
Couod) Maid. l>r. £«artz. finished at named.
THIRD RACE— Eclips* course; three-year
o;di< ani u;); F*ilin»:
V.'tnr.g:- Hx>re». We!?M,- JOtVpy. St. *i "Fin.
1J 10 .^— fnmasked. 11« «Shaw).. 1 • 11
J.itol — Ofiskuny FS (Traverr) . . . 2 • 2\
s t<!» ft — Ifehnrxarfr. 100 (Phitipe) 5 • 3 1»i
No time taken. Start ctraggling. Wen eae
ily. Winner, J. M. McCue'g b. g. by Domino
>l"ie Hill. Scljoharip. Toupee. Stalker. Jack
liatlin. \"agrary. Alack, finished aa named.
FOURTH RACE — On* and a sixteenth
rii:;«f: the Pocantico. for three-year-olds.
Uettin*. Hors-:-. Weight. Jockey. St. s « Fin.
.: to 5— 1V>1 S5panl*r,12rt'(R*d?ern) 5 • 1 S*
12 to 1— nobm Hood. 1J3 2*21
U to .5— The Southerner. 116 (Blmn) 1 • 3«
Time. 1:47 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winntr. R. T. Wilscn Jr.'* b. g. by Kingston-
J«idv Gay. fsriarthorpe. Palette, Ostrich ftn-
Uhed- as Eunrd. t
FtFTU RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; for
tl;re«-year-oliis and up.
IJ'.itinfr. Hors«\ Weight. Jockey. St. Fin.
7 to. 3 — Ap. Shctvers, 113 <Shaw) 4 4 2 Ins
IS to 1— Baikal. 104 (Fisher) 3 In 2 1»,
3^1o*i — Channplain. 97 <Jon»s).. fl 2 3 3%
Tim». 1:27 4-.Y Start RtJia. Won driving.
Winner. J. A. Caesar'* ch. h. by Alf Eetelle-
P.ainflron. Th? Lady Rohesia, Honolulu, To:
Jian— finished as named. ¦ •
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlong*; for maiden
tIr(" l -> ear-olds: purso.
Kv«i — Ascetic, 110 <Redfern>... 2 lh 124
7 to J — ft Gallen. 110 (Cochran) 3 3 1 2 B
4 t<- 1— U. Prudence. lor, rMarttn) 1 2 1 3 3
Ti&e. l:'.in. Start' poor. Won drlvlnjr. Wln
t>T. M'.i:to\in> ch. c. -by Falsetto or Henry
Osontz," Shipshape finished
B"- samf!.
•FvS obscured the horses..
SIORKIS PARK, May 19.— A haze ob
ecured a good view of the track to-day/
Two colts c-f more than average class
von their respective rac$s.
If L. V. Bells Ulorlfler is not a stake
coit his victory to-day was most de
ceptive. He was actually "buckjump
ing" as li? passed the Judges after hav- :
lnsr at least half a doaen lengths ad- |
vantage in the last furlong. Glori
fier was bred by August Belmont and
watKSoid at Morris Park last fall- for |
J2200 to Mr. Bell. The colt is by Hast
fxtS« out of- Glorj-. While it is true I
tilorifier beat no colt nor filly of high j
public form, yet when he so easily de
feated Beautiful Rose o-f Dawn, daugh
ter of Hamburg and Poetess, he dis
posed of a filly rated as good as Tanya. 1
The second colt, Veto, finished game- |
Jy and barely beat Rose of Dawn. There
was no time taken as the actual start I
ccruld not be eeen. ' J
AFTEB-XOOX OF PEACE
J. WELCH TO REFEKEE
Pocantico Stake
Goes to Dolly
Spanker.
Clever Fall River Boxer
Made a Top-Heavy Choice
Over "Battling-' Nelson
Jardin de Paris
Fools Backers
at Del mar.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up; Billing.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Spencerian. 90 (Nico!).. 4 2 It41 1
4 to l^Gravtna. 107 (Watson).. 2 4 82 1
4 to 5— Thane. 110 :; 1 3143 c;
Time. 1:46 1-5. Start gooa. Won handily.
Winner, H. Demham's b. r. f3) by Fr«-e
Knight -Parah Davis. Postman 99, Hermencia
1C3 finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds; purse.
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 to .V— Foresight. 112 < Henry). 4 12 J \
7 to 1— J. Lynch. 1C0 (Oliphant) 2 S 2V42 S
11 to 2— Blackwolf 1C5. (Wilson) 1 3 2^3 <5
Time. 1:47 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. G. W. Poble> ch. e. by The Common
er-Provident. Mainland 10S also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Seven rurlongs; three
year-olds and up: handicap.
Betting.. Horse. Weight.- Jockey. St. a i Fin.
.¦i to 1 — Commodore. luO (Olphnt) 5 2 4 1 n
.1 to 1— Baywood. 93 (Wilson).. 1 1 2Vi2 s i
7 to 10— The Recent. 10."? (Larsn) 3 4 5' 3 \
Time. 1:27. Start Kood. Won driving. Win
ner. J. C. Milan & Co.'b ch. c. by The Com
moner-Rosa Masso. Vestry 105, Rankin t»4
finished as named.
THIHD RACE— Five furlongs ; two-year-olds:
pure* :
Betting. Hores. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin
13 to 20— Lurarlon. 115 (Nicol) 3 2 U I 4,
S to 1— |?rdway Girl. 107 (Bookr) I 1 242 H
4 to 1— Sea Sick. 8<l (Oliphant).. 7 42 3 6
Time. 1:00 3-5/ Start good, won easily,
winner. Fred Ccaks br. c. by Cesarion-Lura
F. ilUton Younit 105, Clara Orry 107. Sea
worthy 104, Sterling Trice 100 finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
pelling:
Kettinst Horse. Weight. Jcckey. St. *; Fin
11 to 5— Clonmtll.-ioc (HarriF). . ..2 Pjln
20 to 1— Eleven B5II3. 101 <Shrwd) 4 2 3 2 3
3 to 1— Mlsanthropfc. 01 (Nlco!).. 7 4 2ty3 5
Time, 1:414-5. Stert Rood, Wen drivlnn.
winner. William Walker's b. h. (S) by His
HiKhn«=*-Xeitie. Alma Girl 101, Martin 105,
Arthur M, Sir Launcelot 114, Kiorence II OS,
flnifh<d as named.
The track was at its best, the .weath
er cloudy and warm. There was a
much larger attendance than usual,
6aid to be due to the closing of the
many small poolrooms downtown on
account, of discontinued telegraph
service. Four favorites won Sum
maries:
Kinsr RACE— Two and a half turUags; two.
jear-oiri maiden!'; purse:
Betting Hors^. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
Even— Dixl* Lad. no ,Lnrsen>.. C 33 11
00 to J— Green Rrse. 10$ (Haack). 3 Ih 2h
40 tol— tckersall, lit) (Johneonl. 5 2 2 3 1
rime. :M. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. John Ma:inlon'» oh. c. by Vollante-Boo
Hoc. Dixie Andrews 107. Colonel White 110,
Wcfft Brookfleld 110. Lucky Charm 110. Garvice
KC». Mm Cansle llu. Mldaima K-T. Kacenia
May 10., Rather Loyal 110, finished as named.
CHICAGO, .May; 19.— A . barrel of
money was burned up at Worth track
to-day, when liosee Goldblatt's entry,
The Regent and Vestry, failed to. win
the fourth race, the feature event on
the card. Opening at evens, the talent
poured so much money into the rins
that -7 to 10 was the best price at post
time. The field was sent away to a
good start with Baywbod in , front. On
the turn for home Commodore,: J. C.
Milan &.Co.'s American Derby candi
date, went after the leader and hooked
up with him in the stretch. In a furious
drive to the wire Commodore won by
a nose from Baywood with The Re
gent third. "¦ . . '. •
Jockey Ollphant,. one .of ' the best
boys here. --'was suspended for' sixty
days for rough riding and for. hitting
Jockey Newman In the face with his
whip in the second race.
Milan's Commo
dore Downs Bay
wood a Nose.
Cli.ampions Raid Graham's
Curves in the Eighth for
Enough' Tallies to Win
BUNCHED HITS
DOWN OAKLAND
CANOLE'S CLASS
DRAWS BETTORS
GLORIFIER, A SON OF HASTINGS,
SHOWS CLASS AT MORRIS PARK
BETTORS INSTALL MARTIN CANOLE A ONE TO TWO FAVORITE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY. MAY 20, 1904.
SAN DIEGO SPORTSMEN HOPE
TO LIFT THE LIPTON TROPHY
10
ADVEBTISEIdENTS.
\\ BLATZ method is generally, commented I
as most remarkable and unique, for II
eiSsN? the reason that in most every par- H
¥$\"yr^ tritfy/* t~i
®|2$Sv ticular it is original from a brewer's a
/$& point of view. |1
ft \*±t The very choicest of every com- If
\\ \% ponent part of the Blatz brews is j]
\\ \K, the invariable rule. Only the best |j
A jS of Mother Earth's crop is ever con- 1
/ sidered. The result is a beer of B
1 ones^ Quality with a goodness all fj
k V'^^v 'ts own. w
I I Vcr^^ Always ike Same Good Old "Blatz." |]
fcfc^I^fe*-"^ BLATZ MALT-VIVINE- (Non-Intoxicant) H
-*^ A MALT T02HC U
» j II For Convalescents and Run-Down Systems. N
\ VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee I
A» SAM BIBO ®> CO., I
w^SS^ WHOLESALE DEALEJtS, 212 BATT23T STXZST, ||
v 8»a Traaciico. Tal. Maia 5353. »Stages run daily between Boulder Creek and
BlR Basin Park, connecting with Southern Pa
clflc Coast Line. Leave BouWer Creek 1:15
p m... arriving at the Park 3:00 p. m. ; leave
the Park (Sundays exeepted) at 0:00 a." m., ar
rivlnir Boulder Creek 11:00 a. m. Stage fare,
round trip. $2; free bagRaye allowed. 40 lbs.
Round-trip tickets from 8an Francisco to the
Park sold for $5 -In San Francisco. Oakland
aad Alameda by Southern Pacific ageou, . •
Stage Service to Big Basin.
A white Russian priest must be
married, but he cannot marry a second
tl me . if his wife dies he must enter
a monastery. Hence the Russians tell
many ' stories of the extraordinary
means, to which the priests resort in
guarding the' health of their wives.
If the consort sneezes a mild
panic ensues In. the household.—
World's Work.
Russian Priests.
"Yes,;ma-am; an* he 'ad j-u-s* paid
six-ty ni-iie dol-larp' fer 'im," . inter
rupted and concluded the youngster.-—
Philadelphia Telegraph.
The teacher of a primary grade in
one of the public schools in the Eight
eenth Ward was made the confidant
by a young pupil of the following .hard
luck story. The little chap * is noted
for a slowness of speech, which Is
offset, however, by a directness of
statement that goes "straight to the
marrow of any subject. He said: : .
"Miss J-o-n-e-s, pop wuz 1-e-a-d-l-n'
a horse 1-a-s-t hl-ght, an' he dro-pped
d-e-a-d."--- 1 ¦" . : ,'. ¦'¦ ••¦ : ' \
"That's too bad, Johnnie.; I—" ..
Short . Hard Luck Story.
The biggest carving knife ever
manufactured is thirty feet in length
and has an edge as sharp as a razor.
It is made out of the finest steel and
the handle is a masterpiece of the cut
ler's art, elaborately carved and beau
tifully polished. It would take a veri
table giant to wield a knife like this.
The blade is altogether of American
manufacture and it is expected, to
show that American cutlery has now
reached a point of perfection where it
fears no rivalry. The giant carving
knife cost several - thousand dollars
and special machinery had to be made
before its construction could begin.
No such knife was ever before manu
factured. — Jewelers' Circular Weekly.
Knife Blade Thirty Feet Long •
Several days ago there was an ex
cursion train run from Guthrle to El
Reno over the St. Louis, El Reno and
Western. A number of society belles
were aboard. Everybody was having
a good time, and Just after the train
left Piedmont the conductor noticed
two of the Klrls smoking cigarettes.
He ordered the train stopped in the
country, and put the girls off the train.
They had to walk a number of miles
to a olace where they could hire a
team, and It took them all day and
part of the succeeding night to make
the trip overland to Guthrle. The girls
employed attorneys to sue the road for
damages. This news reached the gen
eral manager, and the matter was set
tled by the railroad company out of
court The manager said that the con
ductor should know that a person with
a paid ticket could not be put off the,
train.— Kansas City Journal.
Giddy Society Belles.
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT.— A war
rant was Issued yesterday for the arrest of
Harry K Rodger*, who Is accused by L. Ev
erett, roa'nager of Getr Bros., with embezzling
the sum of $SH 75.
Yerba de mate stimulates brain,
nerves, heart and kidneys. The shrub
is " . a species of holly, the leaves of
which . are roasted and pulverized.
South Americans drink it as we do
punches out of a loving cup, passing
a bowl of It around a circle. for each
to .suck up a swallow through a bom
bllla. The afternoon tea is in danger
of being supplanted by the afternoon
mate. An ultra fashionable woman liv
ing on East Fifty-third street sent. out
invitations one day last week to her
"Five O'clock Mate." Some callers
who were unfamiliar with the South
American brand of. tea wanted to know
the meaning of "mate." The hostess
charmingly explained that it was
"mahtay." The taste Is not more dif
ficult to acQiilre than that for-ordi
nary tea or coffee.— New York Press.
The Afternoon Mate.
At a recent meeting of an agricul
tural society at Verulam, Natal, a
speaker gave some Interesting details
regarding the deadly native intoxicant
made from treacle.
An analysis of this drink — which is
called Isltshlmiyana — by an eminent
doctor showed that it was 50 per cent
stronger than any known alcohol. Four
milk-tins full given to a pig produced
death in half an hour. This poisonous
stuff is taking the place of Kaffir beer,
and is exterminating the population on
the coast. Whole kraals, including
women and little children of four years
old, • have been seen reeling drunk,
said the speaker, according to the Na
tal Mercury, and the scenes of de
bauchery which followed cannot be de
scribed. — London Dally Mail.
A Strong Drink.
HONOLULU. May 19. — The United
States cruiser Tacoma is about to start
from here for San Francisco by a
roundabout route. She will go first
to a location between here and Pan
ama In search of an unknown island,
which has been reported many times.
J. D. Hague of New York is on
board the Tacoma and will conduct
the soundings. He says he believes it
probable that the warship Levant,
which disappeared after leaving Hilo
in August. 1860, was wrecked on this
island. He expects to find traces of
this vessel and thinks it possible that
there may still be some of her sur
vivors on the island. This view was
presented by Hague to Secretary of
the Navy Moody, and he finally in
duced Moody to order the Tacoma to
go in search of the island.
Hague avers that there is strong
evidence of the existence of the island
and he thinks it probably is habitable,
as was reported by Captain John De
greaves in 1859. There are also cir
cumstantial indications that the Le
vant was wrecked there and that she
did not founder at sea. Hague has
been conducting investigations here.
He has found a spar which drifted to
Hawaii in 1861 and says he believes
it belonged to the Levant.
Secretary of the Navy Moody Directs
the Tncoma to Go Out on an
Investigation.
CRUISER IS TO SEARCH
tX3R AN UNKNOWN ISLAND
BUFFALO, 1ST. Y., May 19.— The Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyterian
Church in the United States was this
afternoon stampeded for Rev. J. Addi
son Henry of Philadelphia for modera
tor. Dr. Henry was elected unani
mously" almost before the other lead
ing candidates for the position knew
what was going on.. Three minutes
before Dr. Henry was chosen It was
thought Rev. James R. Moftatt of
Washington-Jefferson College would be
elected on the second ballot at least.
The other prominent candidate was
Rev. Dr. Howard A. Johnston of New
York. It was while the friends of Dr.
Moffatt and Dr. Johnston were prepar
ing to nominate their respective candi
dates that the stampede for Dr. Henry
started and he was elected within
twenty minutes. Dr. Moffatt's cam
paign had been carefully conducted for
months by his friends, whereas Dr.
Henry did not come Into the contest
until the last few days.
Pre-destination and the educational
qualifications for the ministry were
among the questions discussed to-day.
The plan of the proposed union with
the Cumberland faction will give rise
to' an Interesting debate. While the
Presbyterian Assembly is meeting here
the General Assembly of the Cumber
land Church will be held at Dallas, Tex.
Upon their decisions depend the ques
tion-whether the Cumberland Church
shall be restored' to Christian fellow
ship, with its membership of 185,000,
mostly in the south, and southwest.
Upon this decision alsto will depend the
future maintenance of a separate color
ed church with separate presbyteries,
as are now being maintained under the
Cumberland Jurisdiction.
Moderator of the Presbyterian
Church Convention.
Philadelphia Clergyman Is Elected
FRILINDS OF DR. HENRY
STAMPEDE THE ASSEMBLY
A United States Civil Service exam
ination will be held on June 22 at^San
Francisco, Los Angelea, Fresno and
3l.iryRvl1l«* and at Reno. New. for the
position of assistant in the Philippine
Service. Salaries are from S1300 to
.$1400 per annum. Among the op
jional branches are bookkeeping, fin
,anee. chemistry, civil engineering,
tlectrkal engineering, agriculture and
the Spanish language. The age limit
is .16 to 40 years. Application may
fcjf made to the 5ecr«»tary, 301 Jackson
t-treet, San Francisco, or to the United
'^Tat^s Civil Service Commission at
•Washington, D. C; for blank forms.
Philippine Assistant Wanted.
MOTHER AND CHILD FALL FROM CAR.
— rMrs. Harrington of 114 Twelfth street and
her baby girl were thrown off a Fillmdre-street
car at Church and Thirteenth streets last
night. Both were badly injured.
This ballot resulted in the election of
Dr. Burt of Rome, but the vote will not
be stated before it is announced at to
morrow's session of the conference.
Drs. Cook. Neely and Wilson lacked
only a few votes of election and their
friends predict that to-morrow's ballot
ing , will result in their election.
There has been a growing conviction
that the South must be honored and it
appears that a colored Bishop is out of
the question. • . '
About the corridors of the hotels to
night there were loud protests uttered
on every hand against Dr. Day's with
drawal, and a conclusion was reached
to revive his boom to-morrow morning.
Besides these strong leaders Dr. Jen
nings, the successful agent of the West
ern Book Concern, and Dr. George P.
Eckman, the representative pastor of
the great metropolis of the East, must
be reckoned with.
A feature of .this ballot 'was the sur
prising gain made by Dr. L. B. Wilson
of Baltimore. On the third ballot he
received ?77 and on the fourth 345. The
fifth ballot was taken immediately after
the result of the fourth had been an
nounced and the conference adjourned
until ' to-morrow morning. Meantime
the tellers worked until after midnight
counting the votes. -
This fact is a great surprise to the
delegates themselves. It required a
week's balloting four years ago to
elect two in Chicago.
. On the third ballot, the first taken
to-day, Dr. Bashford received 480 votes,
Dr. T. B. Neely 407, Dr. Burt 389, Dr.
R. J. Cook 3S4 and Dr. James R. Day,'
chancellor of the Syracuse University,
297. These were the leaders in the
voting, but as 489 votes were necessary
to elect, the ballot resulted In no elec
tion and another ballot was ordered. .
Dr. Day arose and withdrew from
the contest, begging his friends not to
vote for him again. In the fourth bal
lot it was announced that 483 votes
were necessary to a choice. Dr. J. W.
Bashford received 525 and wa,s declared
elected. Dr. William Burt received 452,
Dr. T. B. Neely 440 and Dr. R. J. Cook
394.
LOS' ANGELES, May 19.— Three
ballots were taken to-day by the
Methodist General Conference for the
election of the Bishops, but only two
of them resulted in a choice. The Rev.
J. W. Bashford, D. D., president of the
Ohio ,Wesleyan University, was elected
on the fourth ballot and the Rev. Wil
liam Burt, D. D., of Rome Italy, was
chosen on the fifth. Five in all have
now been elected— Berry, Spellmeyer,
McDowell, Bashford and Burt.
PRELATES OF METHODIST EPISCO
PAL. CHURCH WHO HAVE BEEN
PROMINENT AT LOS ANGELES.
No action of interest to the order at
large was taken at to-day's session,
according to the secretary, but there
is some quiet electioneering going on
for favorite candidates for the high
•offices to be chosen in a few days.
Two names are prominently mentioned
in connection with the office of assist
ant grand chief engineer. They are
M. W. Cadle of Sedalia, Mo., and S. A.
Bickford of Pennsylvania. It was said
i to-day that Bickford was in the lead
! for the honor, but no test of the
I strength of the candidates will come
j before the day of balloting arrives. It
! is believed Chief Engineer Stone will
I be re-elected. - .
LOS ANGELES, May 19.— The
Brptherhood of Locomotive Engineers
mixed business with pleasure to-day,
holding 1 a morning executive session
and 'visiting Chutes Park in the after
noon, where a special programme had
been provided for their entertainment.
Members of the Brotherhood Discuss
> . the Selection of Men for
HlRh OfTices!
LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS
HOLD QUIET SESSION
BAKERSFIELD, May 19.— Besides
the election of grand officers for the
ensuing year the most important ac
tion taken by the Pythian Grand Lodge
to-day was. the adoption of a resolu-"
tion instructing the supreme repre
sentatives to use their influence when
the Supreme. Lodge meets at Louisville",
Ky., in August, to obtain such legisla
tion as will enable the Rathbone Sis
ters to receive official recognition at
the hands of the parent order an'd to
change their name to Pythian Sisters,
at the same time retaining the Knights
as members. This matter has been be
fore the supreme body several times,
but as the value of the order as an aux
iliary is becoming recognized more
every year, it is thought that the ef
fort may be successful. . The resolu
tion was introduced by the Grand Tem
ple. An unsuccessful, effort was also
made to repeal the law enacted last
session making the term of officers in
subordinate lodges one year instead of
six months. After a long ' discussion
the resolution was withdrawn, the
chief argument being that the new
rule had not been fairly tried. The
only contest of importance for the of
fice of grand prelate .was won by M.
L. Short^of Hanford, Superior Judge of
Kings County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The third and closing session nf the
Lacific Coast Oonfert.T.ce of Unitarian
ai;"d other Christian churches was held
# 5.wterday at the Second Unitarian
Chjurch, Twentieth and Capp streets.
*'Thj? Church and Social Service," was
•the subject of an address by the Rev.
CHristc-pher Kuess, who said In part:
• t An;oci the slums of thi» coming timi are '
th»-. soc 4 «tl *etUfir.ent and th* institutional
etiurcta- mcven-.tnt. neither or *rblch «a thtir '.
\t*-s*zit term u= mere than forty years old.
The «kTfal ("itlltrmnt It or.f of the moft
t>i»i-racl«TiMic vxprwsions of the distinctively .
Vnrlslian eJenjt-nt in nwdern civliizat:un. In '
»•• fa» as it hat bworm- .^;nral J !rom the :
jT.rirtian ct-.utrti it Jia» becomt a standing
n buke of <Tir1stian Inactivity.
It is a menace to our hipher life that Chri»- ;
Uvg support of social t^-rvice undertakings is !
_*¦•. t^rovaleTitly anonymcuf. We should *m>j>ort ;
"«ur* !-¦¦¦•:»»: p*til'mt-nts. Associated Charities ;
«r.d a!l other :>hilanthro:>it* in the r.anie of .
tnr.t-hurvh, not that we crave the credit for '.
<dctfpc tood, but that oetjr po can we strengthen j
• '¦<? churches themselves and lncr?a*e the vr>l- j
"u,-ne of wise and preventive charity which j
tfapy insoiif and but for which our i>hilan- j
Ihrcry would languish.
".Tile Rev. Maxwell Sands Savage of
/<e,dlar.ds delivered an address in the
nft*rnoon entitled ' # The Church and
3rTC8*nt Day Problems; Has the Uni- I
T.:Han Church a Special Point View'" .
¦ The speaker said in part:
The fmtarian church is not a .police force, i
net i*.it a church mijitsnt. It puts peopie on
. r+>*ir Hens*- of honor, not commanding or bo«j"- :
Ire; but uufcgesting and pointing out those '
tr.inm which are pood for the *uul.
• It is interesting to »e« the stir which •
<«rton Heneun hat made in hi* own Church of '
Tnrisnd by hi» Ut» article In ths Contem- :
I- -/ary lifview. We ere plad to s?<? it, for It
means growing lifF. Out that which Is their !
jriibleni ro <1T v»as our problem over a tren- '.
•¦ration ago. We do not look at Canon Hen- :
».T»"or I.yman Abbott with apprehension, but ;
>a?h«- with rejoicing, for they are coming our
vay.
•The Rev. George W. Fuller gave an '
address on •"Th* Minister as a Special- :
The Woman's Alliance meeting was
addressed by delegates and the Minis
ters' Conference listened to a paper by
thr» Rev. W. II. Jones, his subject be
ir.j; •"Practical Problems cf the Pastor." i
The following were chosen fcr the
bfiard of director?: W. P. Olds of Port- ;
!nnd, president; William ii. Payson, '
Berkeley, vice president; Rev. Christo
pher Rue?s, Alameda, secretary; Ja
b!sh Clement, treasurer; Horace Davis,
'liev. W. D. Simonds, Rev. Bradford
Leavitt. Rev. B. F. Ooodridge and j
Stoddard Jess. Unitarian headquar- ;
fere — llev. George W, Stc-ne, field secre- •
i«ry. 374 Sutter street, San Francisco; '
Hev. TT. G. Elicrt Jr., superintendent
f6r Oregon and Washington, 681 Schuy- \
ler street. Portland, Oregon.
Tho cor.ferenoe was brought to a sue- ;
r'f;:fu! close last evening with ad
dregses by Dr. Cressey. the Rev. W. '•
JW. Jor.es and the Rev. Jay William ;
HuSson. -
' *A hearty vote of thanks was ten
dered the Rev. Mr. Hudson and the
• la&ies of the Second Unitarian Church
ftir their hospitality.
Superior Judge Short of
Kings County Wins the
Position of Grand Prelate
PAST EFFOBT EEXEWED
WvU Known Ministers Pre
sent Important Topics for
• the Workers' Attention
•MIOBLEMS OF THE HOUR
Special Dispatch to The Call.
* Interesting Discussion Be-
Jfprc Closing Session of
" the Unitarian Conference
Kathbone Society to Have-Be
quest for New Designation
Presented in Convention
Interesting Election Is Held in the Southern Metrop
olis and the Withdrawal of One Clergyman
Stirs a Protest From Many Admiring Colleagues
SISTERS WANT
ANOTHER NAME
SOCIAL SERVICE
OF THE CHURCH
FIVE NEW BISHOPS ON THE ROLL AT
LOS ANGELES METHODIST CONFERENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 20, ; 1904.
11
ADVEBTISEMEirrS.
Devekipin^r gand
At Cut Rates.
' Dent bother abouj. your Kodak De-
VeJop'iigr acd Printing: Jurt iwnd It to me.
I •can do It ch»ap»r and better than ypu
• can, . brnuM Im fully equipped for It.
• "Here are a few prices:
DEVELOPING.
Roir'ol 6 10c -Roll of 12 15c
PRINTING.
' SOLJO fln.. 3c to 5c VELOX fin.. 3c to 6c
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS.* In all
peculiar siifs. at ry usual low prices.
Mall order* prcnfptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
: . K. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
*. % 10C8 MARKET ST.. above Powell.
San Franclrco.
. If Livers Go Wrong
set them right — it's simply and
easily done. Without pain,
wkhout trouble, without nause-
atiagf, in "fact it's only in the
fceneScial effects that you notice
you have taken
Beechams
Pills
• Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c and
dvicrr DR. JORDAN'S orcatJ
JHUSEUB OF AHATOHY^
f) ' Cte 1851 atxizZT ST. ttt. 5:1 »7ti , BT.C&L 6
\ Cjfr Tk« LarecidBatwoical Matcua la tke \
0 -JVv. Woria. We^cesMI *r *njr ror.tr»Ct»d Q
MM) diMue pmm*tt**-*T **'»* *<T tb« oldest T
Q iEtJl bpcaaliaMilMCeu-. E*tj6ycan. O
6 &*r*h DR - JORDAH-D'SEASES OF MEN 6
A r€£^H C«.«ltttK>« fr.» »nd »»rkt)y prl»»te. \
0 I I^Zf M Tt^ijnent »--r«;f»lly n» by letter. A ff
B if St W ****** Our* tm erery case uridrrttk en. T
AvS • If* - Wri-e far Book. r«II-OWOPBlf»f^
(\ U (I »»>u*tHe book tor mm) X
V CU JUDDAK * CO. I0S1 Mnrfc-l Ht ..«. F. V
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALCFOR5SJ1V 1
LIMITED TO CMifiACO |
LEAVES DAILY |
»t 9:3Ot. m., tarouyli in 3 days, I
. with diner aad all trappings. 3
Other Santa Fa Trains:
n-Ko*' m "l for Stockton. Fresno. Bakcrsfleld.
8:00 %'. m. J Merced. Han ford and VU&11&.
4 :00 p. m. for Stockton. .
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. ana
Ferry Depot. S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. CaL 27 Sontn Flrat St.
San Joae.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCU AKO NURTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMFA1T7.
Tibnron Ferry. Foot oX Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO 8A2T BAFAEI..
WEEK DAYB— T:ao. 3:0u. l>:w. 11 :w a. m..-
12:32, 2:30. 3:40, 5:10. 0:60. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 6:30. 11:30 o. m.
SA2T RAFAEL TO SA2J PBAKCISCO.
AVKKK DAYS — 6:t*. 6:5«. T:a5. T;6O. *;M.
11:10 a, ro.: 12:&0. W.W>. 3:40, 0:0u. 5:l'->.
«:25 p. m. Saturday a— Extra trip at, l:H
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:35, »:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43,
2:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv*
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. ( San Fran.
Week I 8un- I Deatlna- J Sun- I Week
Day». I d«y». I tlon.. . | day*. [ Day*.
7:30a • ~ 7:4Jal 7:4»a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
8:0O a 0:30 a l^nacla. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:i0p 2:30 p * 6:00 p 6:2\t p
6:10 p 5:10 p n 6:20 p 7:25 p
? 7:2S p
/ 8:45 p ¦'
7:30 a 7:30 a • 7:45 a| 7:45 a '
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a!lO:20 a
2:20 p 9:H0i PeUluma <S:20pl«:2up
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p] 7:23 s
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p|
7:30 a 7:3Oal 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00a 8:0»a| Fulton. 7:25pl6:2Op
3:30 p 2:J0p, 8:45 p 7:2Ap
Windsor, I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg-. [10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p GeywrvlUe. 7:23p 7:23 p
Cloverdala. \
7:30a| 7:30 at Hcpland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| andUklaa. (7:25p(7:23p
I I TVMlts. I I
7:30 a| 7:30 a | Sherwood. 1 7:25 p( 7:23 p
8:00 a| 8:00 aj Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p( Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p^ B:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 a ¦ 8:40 af 8:40 a
6:10 p 0:30 a Sonoma. 8:00 p* 8:20 p
6:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:13 pj
7:30 a I 7:30 aj . lloT20~a|10:20 a
_2_:3O_pl_2:j5O_p|_ SebastopoL | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES cononct at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Spnnes: at Fulton for Altruria and
Mark West Sprlng-s; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Gjyservllle fcr Pkaggs Sprints; at
Cloverdale for the Geys*rs. Boonevtll« aad
Grcenvood: at Hopland for Duncan Kprlncj
HlcnUtd S-prlngs. KelAeyville. Carlabad
Eprlnga. Soda Bay. « Lakeport and BarUett
gprlnics; at Uktah for Vichy Spring*. Sarator»
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Del! Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley
John Day'a. Riverside. Llerley*a Buknella"
Eanhedrln Helehts. Hutlville. Orr** Hot
gpringe. Halfway Houe*. Comptche, . Cams
Elevens. Hopkln*. Mendoelno City. Fort Brag/
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bra**'
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
»ille. Cum.nlns, Bell'a Springs. Harris, Ol-
icof Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia,
and Eureka.
Saturday 'o Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced tatea.
On Sunday*— Round-trip ticket* to all point*
beyond Ean Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market street. CnronlcU
bulldlnc-
H. C WHIT1NO. R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
H ROSS VALLEY/'
MTT T VAT T FY
CAZADERO, Etc.
' Via Sausallto T*ttj.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
L'ena;- ir. lit >-¦•» Knini-isci . «>ik days, at
6-30 7:10, 7:45. 8:50. 0:15. 10:CO. 11:00 a. m.
<ll:4o a. m. Sausallto only*. li:20. 1:45. 3:15.
4:00 4:33. 5:1B. 5:5O. 6:23. 7:15. 9:00. 10:20,
11-35 p. m. Sundaya ari<J legaT holidays, depart
at\7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a. m... 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4rt». 4:35.
6:15. 5.50. 0:25. 7:15. 8:15, 0:00, 10:20. 11:33
'Arrive at San Francisco, wt^k day*, 6:1T.
7 00 7-35 8:15 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 1J :05 a. m..
12^05 i-25 2:50. 3:35. '4:20. 5:08. 5:4O. 6:1ft.
6 55 '7:35 10:05, 11:23 p.m. On Sundays tnj
legal *iolldaya e*tra train* arrlr* at 12:45. 2:05,
8'5>O p. m
For Fairfax, week. day*, depart at 7:45 a. tn.,
3-15 p m.. 5:15 p. n». •'«*. Sat.) Ots Sundays
and legal holiday*, at 7:43. 8:30. 9:15, 10:00..
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
I' and 8:15 p. m; ' - - . ¦
> THROUGH TRAINS.
7-45 a m. dally — Cazadero and way •tatlona.
' 8:15 a. m.. Sundaya only — For Point Reyes,
M 3:15 li. n. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
'5^15° p" rh. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc. .
7 :15 p. m. Sunday* only — For Point Reyes,
etc •' <¦ * ¦' "¦"
¦ 8-15 P. *n- Sundaya only — For Cazadero. etc
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market St.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
The Weekly CaD.
$1 per Ysaiy
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
# Trains leave and are au»
to arrive mt
SAN FRANCISCO.
Fbox Mat IS. 1904.
Ficby DzroT
(Toot of Market Street ) .
»«t» - MAIN LINTE. -*«»it«"
7 00* VncaTilIu. winter*. ISamwiy.. 750^
7.00 a Bealda. Salsun. Elmlraand Saera-
mencu 7-20?
7.30a Vallpjo. Napa. Caliitoca. Santa
- llosa. Martinez, Stn U»mon 8-20''
7 33* SUM. Llvermore, Tracy. Latttrop.
stockron 7-20p
f 00a Sb»»ta Express — (Via I>avti>.
Winums (tor Bartlstt Spring).
Willows, trruto. Ueil IMoS.
Portl»n<!. Taeoma. 7-50^
t C0» Davis. WooUland. KnUMs Luntllnj.
Mary»Tll!e, OroTlUe 7.50p
t-30* Port Costa, .Martinez. Antlocb.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Loa llano*. Mendota,
ArtniM. lino font VI sal la.
Tortf-mile 4.20f
8 30* Port Coita. Latbrop. Modesto,
Mrrcrd. Fretao. (lOfhcn Jaae-
.. tlon, Ilaaford, Vlsaiia, R.ikers-
fleld 4-50p
t 30* Rile*. Ban Jote, Llverraore. Stoctc-
ton, (tMtltuD). lone. Sacramento.
Flacervlllo. Mary*TtlIe. Caico.
Red nin!T ... 420p
e.33* T>ak.1«I«. Chinese. Jameitowa. So-
sora. Tnolnmne and Anireta 420P
900* AtIantlcKxpre»»— OirJcnsad E»«». 11.20*
9.30a Richmond, Martinez and Way
Stations 8 50?
10 CO* The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Deaver. Omaba, Chicago. S20>>
10.00a Vall«Jo 1220*
10- 00* Los Ancele« Paiscncer — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byrun. Tracy.
Lsthrop. Stockton. Mrrced.
Raymond. Fresno. Oosbrn Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lrmoore. Vlsalta.
BakeriAeid. Los Anstelc* 7-20"
I2.G0* Ilayward. Nllrsniid TTay 8:atton». 3-2O)>
tiXOr Barrainento Hlver Steamers. til. 00?
3J0r Bentcla, Winter*. Saeramcnto.
Woodland. Knlshts Landlnc.
Marysvnie. OrovtUe and way
stations 1050*
».30r Hayward.Xtlea and Way Sutlons.. 7&0p
3.30 r Port Costa. Martinez. lS>ron.
Tracy, Lathrop, ITodesto.
Merced, B«renda, Fresno and
Way Buttons beyond Port Costa 12-29r
340r Yoaemlte Valley, via Beresda aod
Wawoni 8 50*
3^0p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt... 10 20*
4 COj- Uartlnez.8an IUmon.ValleJo.yapa,
Callstoca. S»nta lioaa.... 9 20*
4 00p Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. LoUl 4.20r
4 SOp Hay ward. Ktlea. Irrlngton. San) t8.60*.
Jose. Llvermore "J 111.50a
6-00r The Owl Limited— Nevmu. Los
llano*. Mcmtoia. Fresno. Tttlaro.
BskeriQeld. Los Anjeles. 8-50*
6 COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 1220?
fo 30p Usyward. Nile* aod San Jane 7.20a
S.OOr Rayward. Klles and San Jo*« 9iO»
t.GOr Eaatero Express — Oitden. Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Oenlela. dui-
-lon. Elmlra, Davis. Sacramento,
Rock 1 In. Auburn, Col fax.
TrucVei. Bo^ca, lie no. \V»4.v
woria, W!nn«m;icca 5 20*
O.OOf Vallejo. daily, except Sunday I 7 KA>
700r Vallejo, 8onday only J '•¦•*
7.QQr Klchmond. San Pshlo. Port Costa,
Marttnss and Way Stations 11 20*
7 COr Oregon M Cnl!fornt» Kxpreis — t*«c-
rrvm«nto, Marysrtlte, Retldlng,
Port! «nrt, Pagct Bound *nd East. 8. 50*
8 0 5p Reno Paasenger— Trnckse, Lako
Tshoe ....:.. 7.50a
9.10r Hay ward. Kile* and 9tta Jute (Sun-
i dayonly) •. 11-50*
COAST LINE Oarrow Uaage).
<Koot o< Market Sueet.7
7.45 a Santa Crui Exear»!on<Sun<i»y only) 81 Ol*
S.ISa Newark. Centervtlie. 6aa Josa,
Fflton. BouUier CreoX 8uU
Crai and W«y St.tltons 553'
t2.16> Newark. Centerrille. Saa Jos*.
New Almaden. Los Gato*.?etton,
Boaider CrMk. Santa Crai and
Principal W«y Stattocs flO 55*
4.15P Newark. San Joae. Los€atos aad ? 4 8.8S «
way Ttatlonn : »M0 65«
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY..
FrouibAN rKAM'ISCU, Foutuf Market St. (51I»«»
—11:13 t:U) 11:1-0 a.m. 100 3 00 515 r.»
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:UO $1:*]
1S:a-» \\t-.m a.m. 1200 2.00. 400p.m.
COAST LINE <Dro«J <.««:•).
ty~(tai^ nuil Trtrrmend Streets.) <
6.10a Saa Jose and Way Stations 630p
1700a San Jose and W»y Stations 6 40r
7.15a Monterey and tf.iut* Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10 30?
8.C0* Kew Almadeo (Tues.. FrlU., only), 4-10p
8 0(1* The Coaster— Stops only Saa J<»6. ,»»»»
Gilroy (connection for llollls-
ter;. Pajaro. Cajtrovllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Paclflc Urore). Salinas. S*a
Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa Jlur-
. ffartta. San Luis Oblsp<v principal
stations thence Surf (conaeetloa
for Lomptio), principal station* ' *.
thence »»nt» Barbara.San Buena-
ventura, Bnrbsnk. Los Anzetea . 19. 41'
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Cspltola, . ¦»¦ -f-
8ant»Crax.PaclflcGraTe.9allnaa,
San Luis OMspo and Principal
Way Station* 4.18*
I0JC* San Jose and Way Stations .. 1.20'
IU0* Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Uatas
and Tf.jSWflom Z;t Or
1 30r Saa Jose and W«y Stations • 33*
3 XOr Del Monte Xxpreos— Ssala Clara,
fcaa Juse, Del Monte. Monterey, ¦
Fsei11oGroY« (conaecti at Santm
Cam, except Snnday, for 9*nu
Crui. Boulder Creek and Narrow
Gau<e Points) at Gtlroy for Hoi-
Hsier. Tres plno«. at Pslaro for
Santa Cru, at C*»tro»llla for
Salinas --...». IJIIp
3-SOt Trea Plnos Wav Paa*«n**r 10 4**
4 iOr han Jo«e and Way Stations :.. tS-OO*
'SOOr ganU Clara, aan Jose. Les Gatoa,
and prtnetpal Wiy Stations (ex-
cfpt Bandar) t9 00*
!530p SanJoseandPrlnelpanVaySutloii* 1940*
8 45*' 8uni*t Limited. — lt«dwo^<t. San
Jose.GtIrt>y.9allna«.pM»Koblea. ' .
Ean Lula Oblnpo, Santa Barter*,
Los Anj*le». benaiOK.' Kl Ps«o.
New OrfiDK. New York. Coo-
v^M necu at Pnjaro for Saata Cruz
aid at Ca»trovni»» for Paclflc
Grova and Way Stations 7-10t
tf.ib* Ei8Miteo.nert«forJ,Uelmmt.S*a ¦•,/.•
' . - Carlo*. Redwood, Fair O»X«.
MenloP»rlc. Palo Alto t*-*3*
6 JOf San Joe aad Way Stations. 6.38a
I.C0i» Pals Alto and War Stations 10. 15*
II.&Op ttonthSanFraaclsco.Mlllbne.Bar'
ltnijime, San Matoo, Belmont,
- * Baa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Memo Park, and PsJo^lw 9 45p
di.SOr Mayteld, Uoanuia View. Sanay-
.vale. Lawrence. SaaU Civ* aad
San Jon* t3-4»
A for Moraiait. Pfor Afternoo«.
t Saaday «zcept«l J Sanday only.
• Saturday only.
t Stops at all statloats on Snaday.
3r- Only trains stopping at Valencia St- (oatabomd
irf*:10 *.M.. 7:00a. X.. 7:13 A.*.. ll:aUA.«.. l:J0r.M,
»:30r.M. and 1:00 r. «.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
• Leave ¦ Tn XamsaliU Ftrrj; ArrtT*
San Fraucixo f»H »t Xarktt SI I S»t> Fmiidaco
Week Snn- ffljBL,_ ani.-. Week "
Days. day«. J&ffifflK «i«y«: Days.
S^^^ 12:457^48;
. ..10-.00* VS^^^M 2:05 r •11:05*.
10:00 a 11:00 a 3:35 p 3:35 r
1:45 r 12:20 r 6:^0 p 4 6:15r
6:16 r t:4lr xisy'jr 6:15 r 10-.0* r
• 4:35 r TT , 8:50 r ........
• TU Cnrlty C«r, * Taamlpaii U Mill filkf.
Ticket J624 Markkt St. (North dbore RatlroaJ)
Omen land tUOIAUTO ftuY, Foot ftUfkatat.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
wSjai^L A, B. C. Bohemian A
N^^^& >U ¦ Beef is characterized by a pronounced and It
| Yy&r delightfnl hop aroma not to be found in any A&
|| • - .y-^;; other brand. This is dne to the use of the U
K^P^^^f^M THE AMERICAN BREW1NG co - ii
EXTRAORDINARY
CREDIT SALE
• By order of
HIBERNIA BANK
We will offer *¦ choice list of
Investment, Residence and Un-
improved Properties
At our salesroom
Monday, May 23rd,
iq n /i
Id U4
at 12 o'clock noon.
Terms: Only 1/e Cash
i ¦
i For catalogue and further partlo-
' . . ul«r«, apply -
hi ifi UMBSeN ql UDi
20 Montgomery Street
f A GOOD
OLD SCOTCH i
! ANDREVT USHER
tore synonymous to V
loveVs of fine whisky.
WILUAM W0LFF*CO. vii nticsco .
Wkone.coA5T_AotNT5 -j .THE SAN' FRANCISCO ; CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1904.
12
MME.PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
j 50c, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
elt.. $1 50. 312 Mason St.. near Geary.
A — Miss M. Wllle, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal ee«r and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon. names given; special. $1: hours 10 to $¦
MADAM FRYE — Clairvoyant, medium; past,
present, future;, specialty of love affairs, mar-
riages and divorces. 1206 Mkt., r. 40, 3d flr.
MISS ZEMDAR. young.glfted clalr. and palm. ;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. BOc. g. $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberfr.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
. reader; when others fail try mo.good readings
S5c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkin 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given: 25c up. 835 Hnward.bet.4th&5th.
OLDEST lady palmist and card rsader in city.
2tl^ Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents $50c.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader: L. 25e, G. 50c";
Wednesday only L. 10c, G. 25c. 120 Sixth st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date
•and facts; readings daily. 917 Market st.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. r«-
moved from 132 to 23 V4 6th: 1. 25c. g. 60c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tlnrn dally 44»H Je*sle st.. bet.' 5th and nth
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery. room« B-10: tel. Main BSKO.
COTTAGES FOK SALE.
ELEGANT cottage, C rooms and bath; sun on
all sides; high basement. Call 4011 Nine-
teenth st., corner of Noe. ' ¦ '
| COTTAGES WANTED.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath In Richmond
or Western Addition. N. H. BOOYEN. 322
Clement' st. •
¦ ' CUBES BTJPTTJBE.
WHO? — Hunter, 1200 Market »t. ; $100; ruptur«
cure for $10: circular explains: send for on«
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 60: fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting COc; gas given.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
- Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns, $2 up;filllngs,25c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist r.l4.1st
floor. Fhelan bid.. 80C Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 76c; silver, 35c;- crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Suttr.
imi;.V.MAKKRN AM) .SUAMSTUUSSK*
ACCORDION, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng.
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory. 110
Taylor st. : tel. Folsom 2121.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery Wehool —
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
etudy In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 801-
925 Golden Gate ave.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
move to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St.. near Third. More space, finer rooms,
better light. Finest in the West. Come and
see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE, now at
1230 Marktt at. .
PAINTING lessons, oil and water color, by
- Gordon Ccutts, studio 805 Larkin st.; ex-
, hibltor Royal Academy, Paris Salon and
gold medalist; pictures now on view at Ken-
nedy &• Ca'i. 10 Post st. ...
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 3.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions: Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electrlclty. 24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering 1 :
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1SW. Var.
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr." City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market: catalog.
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened his
Juvenile clarses at Findlay's Hall. 17th St.;
Saturday 2 to 6; private lessons dally.
BOOKKEEPING, English, math., etc.. day cr
eve. ;indlvidual Instr. Rra. 2. 805 Larktn. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly of-Pac. Bus. Col.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc., $4
mo. Western Business College. 1107 Market.
GUITAR, mandclln and piano $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYM KXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI.-421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 133
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nlfrhes best help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese- I
Chinee help. 41T. Powell st Tel. Main 3752. i
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese tmployment
office. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 188.
CHINESE .Employment Office — Be»t help at
Loon Seur.K'a. 411 Vj O'Farrell :tpl. East 42'J.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
CHINESE nnd Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Mitin 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. G10 Clay.
EMl'LOYMEXT WAXTEIWFEMALK.
WANTED — By a competent person a position
in a family as chambermaid; first-class
seamstress. Address SOtJ Eddy st. ; phone
Hyde 3411.
A . SCHOOLGIRL wants place during school
vacation as companion or care of children;
city cr country. Call or address 431 Mis-
sissippi st. - .
AA — BOOKKEEPER, cashier; younj lady ex-
pert rapid accountant; all modern methods-
highest references or bond. Box 3793, Call.'
SITUATION wanted by reliable Swedish wo-
man In small American family; cook nnd
laundress; city or country. Box 22. Call.
COMPETENT hospital nurse will care for ln-
valid; city or country; will travel; $35"per
month. Box 27, Call.
AMERICAN woman with a child, good cook,
wants work country. 324 Mason st.; phono
Black 239C. . , ¦'-.¦...,-
WAITRESS, experienced, wants position; hotel
s°t r . Tho^fack^f C ° UntlT -, 324 MaaOn
WOMAN wants position working housekeep-
e i °^, Ug , h \> hou sework. 324 Mason st.:
phone Black 2396.
WANTED— By colored woman, day work cook-
Ing. housework or washing. Inquire 5 Ber-
nard st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation at general house- '
work. 1106 De Haro st.. bet. 23d and 24th.
YOUNG girl wants general- housework and
cooking. Please call 141 Polk st.
COMPETENT laundress for general .work by
day; $1 CO. Call or write 439 Jessie st.
WORKING housekeeper wants a position; good
home; small wages; references. 211 Fourth.
LADY wants situation as housekeeper. Ad"-
dress box 58, Call office.
AN accomplished young lady elocutionist ac-
cUstomed to travel desires situation as com-
panion to refined lady. Box. 3920, Call.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants place to • do up-
i stairs work: wages $25. per- month. Box
¦ fcKiO Call office.
A SITUATION wanted by a Finnish girl to do
general housework. Please call at 322 Fre-
mont st.
WANTED — By lady, needlework, plain or em-
broidery, or copying at-home: residence G.
O. ave. Address box 30S3. Call office.
FEW more families' washing to take/home.
Card or Inquire 2810 Baker st. ./
TRAINED nurse wants a position by the
month. Box 3916. Call. . v \
WANTED— A situation as nurse for lnvalid.~or
nurse for children. Address 24,Freelon st..
COLORED girl would like a place tcT do light
1 » housework. Call at 1020 Pacific sL - • '
t_ m>i\Kss ni.wcE?.^
] A— *i!0o — CHOPHOUEE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable hous*-; place e&tah. years, with Hi-aily
S1T."> per month. Isee K. U. WILKE, I'-JMi
Kearny it.
A— DEUGETORE — Jrus^tore— drugstore; price
$+:>oi>: establis-htd -7 years; irase 5 years;
rent fCO; or.e wf the best paying stores in tins
city; own r to ictne. Call It. G. W lLH^.
I'l^i Kearny fct.
A^$00C: BLTCHEK thefi on Mission st. ; rent
! $l«; daily receiots {-^5: leept by owner f>
I yt-ars; urooriTtcr to ?«•<_' enxn-lllon in St.
j Lcul.* cauie of t>a!t. It. G. WILKE, 2t>&
j Kearny St.
A— 11(0; CORNER saloon with 7 rooms on
i liryant ft.: rent $50; place surround' d by
factories and warehouses; a good business.
Cnll It. G. WILKE. 2<Hj Ktarnyst.
I A — $10tW; BOARDING and rooming house; .TO
i room/, klu-hen and d:ning-rco:n. :57 beds,
gocrt furniture. *Iea»e, place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 2«i4 Kearny «t.
A — $500: PARTNER wanted In chophouse and
c<ifj<e s-alixm: c;>«.n day anil nlb'ht; a flrst-
ilath proposition. See R. G. WILKE, -v-j
Krarny «t.
A— $_ri00; DAIRY depot ard route: dally sales
50 cans; S horses. 4 wagone. etc.; most pri-
vate customers; buslne&g kept by owner 15
vearr: a good-paying Investment. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2UVs Kearny st.
| A — fSOO;" BUTCHER shop: ettab. -years; all
I cash trade; $40 per day; rtnt- $20; best lo-
• cation: a bargain; owner must leave. See
R. G. WILKE. 2t5H Kearny *t.
I ¦ * g
] A— $3S0: branch bakery and delicatessen
Ftore with 4 room!*: rent i'^t >; fine location:
good bu..lne*!s. Bee R. G. W ILK IE, 26 H
Kearny st.
A— $2C00; SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stockton Fts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
l.shed years; fir*t-cla?s business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2«5% Kearny st.
A— $000; SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk ets. ;
rent $50; this is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a workingman'a place;
rare chance. See R. G. WILKE, 20 \i Kearny.
$3000— GROCERY and bar. en Fourth St.. about
1 block from Market St.: lease; good paying:
established years; sickness only cause of
sale. Call R. G. WILKE, 20Vi Keainy st.
A — $5CC0; CORNER grocery and bar; cash |
business: Ftore receipts about $00 per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner will self foii
cash or trade lor property at th» actual
value of $5WO. Call R. G. WILKE. L'tSH
Kearny st.
A— $7. r .O; SALOON en Montgomery St.; place
established years: owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate; a bargain. Call K.
G. WILKE, 2(>H Kearny st.
JL— $3000; CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg. ;
3 years' lease; net rent $12<'; this is one of
the be»t salocn location* in this city, and
a live man can cleat $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2«H Keamy st.
A— CAMERON & CO.-^ Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquartt-rs for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors .$2'X> to ».:fi00
Barber shops $T>00 to $2500
Cigar stands $300 to $2000
Ore eerie* and bars. $500 to $.".000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $3.10 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores S:JOO to $1000
Drug stores $2iAK> to $«ji>00
Delicatessen sterns $250 to $45o0
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
For «ale — First-class legitimate mining
prcpceitlon that will bear strictest investiga-
tion.
BEAUTD7ULLY located summer resort; fine
grovee; 36- room hctel ; all furnished and
equipped, for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease: raise own hay. vey^tables: all
kinds of fruit; rent J5OO per year; equity In
this $2500; death in family cause of zale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods buslnenE; cheap rent; 6'4 years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city; Jo-
lng fine business; other Interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rrr.g. -hee. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade— fl acres Inside city
limits; one of best :nterior cities in Califor-
nia; house, barn, other , outbuildings; plenty
fill kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business;
rentral location; established 9 years; rent
$."50; clear? $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account ether business. CAM-
ERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located grocery and bar; rent
only $25; saiee $30 to $40 per day: price
$2000; snap. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eudy Et.
T. J. DUNN & CO.. phone Howard 3468.
BUSINESS SALES AGENTS,
1312 MARKET ST.
NOW !s the time to buy; our system brings the
buyer and seller together quickly; try us once.
ROADHOLSE grill and cafe, beautifully lo-
cated, handsomely furnished; 5- year lease;
rent f30; partners disagree; a snap; $2500.
Fee DUNN.
CLEANING and dying works for sale; estab-
lished r>0 years; present owner 24 years; run-
ning fu!l capacity; pays $500 clear; all com-
plete: owner retiring; another snap; $t;500.
See DUNN.
DERMATOLOGIST parlors; established 10
years; doing good business; $2O0 stock; fully
furnished and equipped: will teach; good
reasons; $£0O. See DUNN.
FU0& $K!00. $1300.
! SALOON— "
Building included.
'5r.->und rent $50. Xet rent $5.
Full values.
«.' LDEN GATE INVEST. CO.. 75t> Mkt. Et.
v'^iC — ALL or of a popular cash retail
business for sale; doing $40,000 per year; -'25
P«r cent profit; owner compelled to leave
State. Address WILL M. BEGGS, attorney,
San Josp. Cal.
$300 SECURES half Interest In commission
office whereby party can easily clear $125
monthly; must have references. al?o mean
business: experience not necessary. Particu-
lars 1007 !<i Market st., room 1.
FOR *ale — A dairy ranch of .".bout 1S0O acres,
well stocked with high-bred cattle and all
nppliances necessary tor a dairy ranch:
everything in complete running order. Ad-
<lr-«^ box SMS, C\l! office.
FURNITURE business for sale; good place live
man; will spII stock at invoice; located about
_rL mii «» from S. F. Box 3940. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS man with $2M cash can secure
lntere«t and position In manufacturing busi-
ness: good salary; experience unnecessary.
Room 106. 1170 Marktt et.
WANTED — To either buy a general merchan-
dise etore in a country town or will buy half
interest with a good, live business man; state
full particulars. Box 3241. Call office.
FOR sale — Corner rrocery with bar and 4 liv-
ing rocms; lease; good for man and wife. 231
Fourteenth St., corner Minna. *•
$250— DELICATESSEN and lunchroom ; good
trad- and fine location for meals; rent $20.
Call at '10 Ninth st;
FOR rent — Charming mineral springs resort ho-
tel; furnished; lovely grounds; white sulphur
baths: near city. Box 3418. Call.
ART store; elegant location: fully equipped for
framing; nice steady business; $1800: no
agents. Box 3479, Call office.
DRUGSTORE, good location; well stocked up:
nice fixtures; doing good, steady -business;
great opportunity for doctor. Box 3009. Call.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman with $500' to
take half Interest in a canvas show. Call
at 1172 Harrison st.
FOR «^ale — Wood, coal and feed yard in Oak-
land: a flm-class location and good trade.
Address box 3770. Call office.
FOR SALE^ — 40-acre alfalfa ranch, stocked
with cattle, hogs and chickens; new" house
and all Implements. Address box 348S, Call.
FOR SALE— Delicatessen store on a principal
•-t rr-<>t in a good business neighborhood. Bex
: 323S. Call office.
$350 — PART caeh; downtown coffee and lunch
place; owner sick. Box 3857. Call office.
! A FINE basement; suitable for billiard and
v ° ol: rtnt * 10 - Ar^y 31U Em»' g t-
FOR File — Kakrry with large stock: good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister st.
ESTABLISHED hotel bunlnetis and bar for
tale: good proposition. 14' Washington St..
GROCERY ar.d home for sale, cheap; owner
going East. Address box 5, Fruitvale P. O.
$1000— CHOPHOUSE; established 8 years; rood
business; 3 years' lease. 419 Hush ft.
OYSTER and rhop house for sale! 003 »4 Post
et.: r»e y proprietors 10 to 3. '
HORSERADISH grinding and delicatessen bus.
cheap; good reason for selling. 2401 Mission.
FOR sale — Restaurant. 1180 Oak et.. front car-
bouM..
WANTED — To rent, hotel furnished. Address
J with particulars box 1842. Call office.
* • ¦ >¦ ¦
ItrMVKSS CHAXCKS — Cntittnned.
A— STRANGERS^ ATTENTION! -
Are you looking: for a sale and profitable
huslness opening In San Francisco? If bo,
we can offer you any number requiring an
investment from $100 to $50,000; every busl-
iii fh opportunity that passes through our
blQce inn.- 1 stand th*» closest Investigation,
and we can place you in a store, factory,
hotel, mill, office, cr, in fact, any business
you may prefer
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— HANK and COMMERCIAL REFERENCES.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. WZ7 Market st.
A— TEA AND COFFEE~ STOHE. • «
(3SC0 will buy this store; well stocked with
n-a. coffee and goods in that line; good loca-
tion; doing gooil business; established for
year*: iull investigation invited.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st
A--WE WILL FUKNISH~Vbu A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market Bt.
I A— PICKLING WORKS
For sale; lactcry completely equipped for
the manufacture of pickles, mustard, sauer-
kraut, dives,, salad oils and table condi-
ments; product sold in all parts of the
United £tat:s; plant originally bought by a
gentleman of means for his son, who has
hern found incapable of managing the largp
busincBs; cost" $15,000, but no reasonable
offer will be refused.
| GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
1 GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT^
1C0 shares of »rold stock or the Norton Bay
Co., $20; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market St.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK. *
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A — J100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing; that
any person ever lost a dollar who Invested
nny mor.ey in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,'
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock $50,000.
027 Market et., rooms 321, 822. 323, 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete bnd ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room and 10 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver serv-
ice; 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 9U7 Market St.
A — WE refer to 1000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A^ A NEW THEATER.
A gentleman with $3000 cash, capable of act-
ing as cashier, can secure half Interest in one
of the best email theaters on the Pacific
CoaFt; will pay him $500 monthly; particu-
lars only at personal interview at office of
GEKMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market Bt.
" a~Iafe investment.
$1000 caeh and services fecure interest and of-
fice of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and Investment company: $150 monthly as-
sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. »27 Market st.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership In established business In
this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 327 MarketVst.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For sale: a high-clasB business; long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire: will Invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
f"i'O cash and services secure Interest In es-
tablished office business paying $15 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A^ THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest investment and most
profitable enterprise In the city. We repre-
sent two of the largest Incorporated companies
In S. F., and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and office men who can Invest a
small amount of cXsh with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 in a
high-class real estate office and fill position I
of cashier: experience not necessary; Invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
I FOR sals — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town: B^nlcla. Cal.
FINE new* paper routs for sale.' Inquire at
This office.
A BRANCH offico of 'The Call for the receptloa
of advertisemerts and subscriptions has be«n
opened at 10o{ Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
« iMU'i^r iti; ATI \G axu <:lka.\ i.\ «.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rugs ar«
also cleaned by compressed ¦ air at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.; phones Main
U>2 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
s-nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.. clean-
ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 19C0 Har-
rieon st. ; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
3.'<3 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BPOS.: excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263
LOUGIXG-HOISKS FUR SALBL
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. 3d and Market sts. Phone Black 3H07.
Hotels. Rooming & Apartment houses for sale.
NEW and modern; 36 rocms: .1 frontages; every
room eunlit: electric lights; long lease; 19
bay windows; permanent roomers; several of-
fices; $l>ill profit in laet 1) months, an' aver-
age of $17S monthly; price $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
OWNER positively guarantees this 100-room
houte full of roomers; income $1007 In June;
total expenses SU.'iU; exact profit $458; build-
ing is new and modern; furnishings are flrst
class; owing to ill health owner must leave
here for Arizona. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDIDLY furnished; 24 rooms, large ar.c!
sunny; a porner in good location;. the hang.
ings are dteams of loveliness, and everything
has an air of refinement pleasing to well-bred
ladles; clears $104 monthly.
-"• -¦• •:- MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELLEST 43-room downtown rooming-bvuse
in San Francisco; furnibhed 4 months ago
with the very best quality of mahogany,
blrdseye maple, velvet and axmln»ter car-
pets; leese for 5 years.; v*ry central, on splen-
did corner; proof of $250 profit monthh*
MARION GRl^'IN.
18 SUNNY rooms: corner lodging-bouse in fine
¦ location; completely furnished; rent only $50;
electric lights; very attractive. •
MARION GRIFFIN.
SOMETHING fine on a corner; 14 rooms, near
Bt. Francis Hotel; velvet carpets ;. good solid
oak furniture and clean; clearing over $60
per month; and furthermore, a nice respect-
able house; $800 cash Is all you need to pay
down, or will exchange for city lots.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS rooming-house of 10 roome
clearing $105 monthly; fine furnishings; sun-
ny Bide; fine view;, fine lawn; must be sold;
don't fail'to make an offer to '.<•'
' . -v\ .-.¦¦¦¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
DISGRACE to be hard up?
Why,' no, unless you neglect your opportuni-
ties, ir you can pay $150 cash we can
•ell you a house where i you can make a good
living and pay off balance from profits In the
business. MARION GRIFFIN.
WE have a $75,000 hotel proposition ;> .*
paying 15 per cent "per annum on $75,000;
only $20,000 cash necessary to ewlng it; if
you have $20,000 at your command kindly
call for particulars.. MARION GRIFFIN.
NO, this 41-room house is not- high class;
but it's a great-bargain and a money-maker;
the owner Is sick In a hospital; in, March
the Income was $109 over the rent; - It was
newly furnished 18 months- ago; the lease
hold runs for 3 years more; less than $2000
will buy it; make your, own offer and terms
to ¦ . MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125.... $4500
10,' rooms; clears $350; low rent SG500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new. ....... $3800
40 rooms: fine location, north of Market. $1000
4U /rooms; In Oakland: new; rent $60....$25oO
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $800
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL A
CAHRQLL. '212 Kearny nt. - :
FOR SALE — Lodging-house. 27 rooms, nicely
' furnished; on Stockton st.; rent low; lease.
Box 1039. Cal) office.
FOR sale — 21-room ' lodging-house. . Inquire
grocery store, 10.'!0 Folsom st. . . .
*45O— 7 ROOMS; newly : furnished house; cheap
rent; going East. 312 Mason st.; near Geary.
JOHN O. Sl J IiE3S:E1.3, S>TO ' I^^^Z^.
iaxm tttHBiagacK Lu W 'KflUDBKimp
\Y. J. MA RTI N" Business J^W**^
TEN IKjIlAKS KEWAIU).
Notify The Call Office if \o» M**
Your Paper.
If lor any cause THE CALI. is -ot * e "
livered reffularly to subscribers ulease
call up fCAXX SXCSASC-E" end notify
Snbccrirticn Clerk la charsre. Your com-
plaint win receive prompt attention.
A standing reward of Ten Dollars
f 510.GS ) is offered for tae arrest asfl
ccavictica cf any cae c*u?Ut stealing
IKE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
ikfk for THE CALL. The Or«rator Will Con-
nect You With the L*partment You Wish.
I*ublicaticn Office Market and Third. S. F.
Lc.iorlkl Kourr.i :M7 to i^l Stevenson St.
Delivered bj Carriers. 20 Ct». Per Week, 78
Cte. Per Month. Singit copies 5 Ct»-
Term* by Mail. Inclu-i.ng Postage tCash \wm
Order): „ «.
TAILT CALL dncluJ. Sunday). 1 year. ..-$8.00
1MILY CALL dr.clud. Sunday). « moe 4^W
I'AILY CALL— Vy Single Month «£•
fL'XUAV CALL, 1 Year -•£>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year i- 00
f railv...$S. 80 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J suniay. 4.U- Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ .weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE ' AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6an:pU Cop;es will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscriber* In ordering change of ad-
dress *houlJ be particular to give both Nt«
/¦ ND OLD ALIjIIKSS In order to insure a
licnipt L.ni correct ccrnpUance w:th their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
111b Broadway Telephone Main lots*
BERKELEY OFFICE:
1HS Center fcireet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON COUP.ESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YOKK NEWS STANDS:
Waldcri-AftorU Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
VUtm Square; Murray Hill Hotel; KlAh-ave-
[).<: UcteJ and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hpu'c; P. O. News Co.; Grvat
Northern Hotel: Treniont House; Auditorium
IKtel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE K8OUXESS. .Marq^eUe Building
(Lccg :..-...:¦. Telephone. •'Central 2til9.")
NEW TOKK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Square
BTVUCESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, comer Market and Third streets ; open
ttctil 12 o'cl.^-k *>very richt In th^ year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100% Market etreet. opposite Firth; open until
II p. m.
t.27 iicntgomery street, corner City: open
until a:^0 p. rn.
fO<t Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. rn.
€•'<<« McAllister street; open until »:30 p. to.
CIS Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
J'*«l Mission etreet; open until 10 j». m.
J^tl Market *trt*t. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
JfHi Eleventh strret; open until 8 p. m.
Jttm Valencia street; open until 9 p. a
corner Church and Duncan streets;
/;»n until 9 p. m.
Ni rthwett ccrner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tireets: open until 9 p. m.
».00 Fillmcre stret-t: open until 9 p. m.
to srascmnERs leaving town
FOK THE SUMMER.
C£JLI> subscribers ccrtemplatlair s,
chanre of residence dcria? the summer
n-.cEths can have their oaper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notlfy-
inr THE CALL Bnslaess Office. This
rarer will also be en sale at all summer
rcscrts and is represented by a local
arent in all towns en the coast.
MEETKO \OT1CES.
PACIFIC Lodge No. ISO F. and A. ®
M.. will rr.eet THIS EVENING, T:3»VV
p. m. 1 D. /^»*V
GEORGE PEXLINGTON. Sec.
CHOCK ETT Lodce No. 133, F and A. g
M— Third degree THIS (FRIDAY) VV
AFTERNOON, at 3 o'clock: also at /^
7:15 p. m. By ordfr of the W M.
R. II. McFHEP.SON. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lcdse No. 1. K.' of P..
meets THIS iFTtlDAY) EVENING *VjS?z<
. at 8 -o'clock. Pioneer building, 24 /5*?&
Fi.urth Ft. Pace Kank. Visitors
. Invited. F. O. MOLL. C. C.
it. n. McLennan, k. of p.. and s.
PAN FRANCISCO Teat No. IS.
K. O. T. M — Review THIS /ZK—^jSms.
• FRIDAY) EVENING, at 8 tKZS kK-2
o'clock. Pioneer Hall, 24 5*ijj M- «^Q
D. B. RICHAP.DS,
Itt-co:d K'-vper. S^^j?B>fcr
REGULAR rnefting of the CaIe<Jon- v *-? C
tan Club THIS EVENING at I^Xffl
o-Clock. Scottish Hall. 117 Urkin^.T^V
A. If. MACPHERSON. Chief
JAS. H. PUVCAX. b^cretary.
lXEMBEIlS of fan Fran-
cisco Camp No. 4.T7. W. y**. ' ~~\~
O- W.— You will pleas** yq^Or^'z^T.
tike notice «hat th* rSi^W/nrjA/M^n
funeral ! ir late neijrh- r-^r-rLrjiSji-'
bor. PAIL FRANKE. ****'•"
vri-A tiko t.lare at the parlors of the GoMer.
Oat» Indertakir.g Company, Xo 2-S75 Mi«-
rior. Ftrc-t. THIS DAY, May 2i/ likn. at 2
o clock p. m. Yours fraternally *
' i • C. K ELIiEKLING. Con. Com
. K. J. McCLINTtX-K^J^rk.
ANNUAL MEETING — The i-egular annual
- meeting of the stockholder* of the Olympic
bait Wstt-r a.mpany will be held at iho
o.ftce of the «orr.p«r.y. H27 Market rtreet. San
Francisco. «_ai.. on Monday the 23<1 day of
Mcy. 1U04. it the hour of 3 o'clock p. m .
:ci th- purp:#e of electing a board of <li-
icctors le fverve for the ensuing year and
t!.e traniiacti'-.n of mch other business as may
rpta* before the meeting. Transfer books will
cloj-e en Friday. May i:«h. 18O4. at 3 o'clock
V m. CHARLES A. GIBSON. Secretary
*TTOn.\I5VS-AT-LAw!
A PRIVATE.- culck divorce for small fee
S*e ov an<*. ? ave money; no lay in advance.
O. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
K*^*!* " 2 >-":^->.2.3.4&M.th..
ll-.» Market ft., between Mason and Taylor
/.ijvicc free all matters. Defectives employed.
Jl W KING. Attcrney-at-Law. Exam! bid*
6th floor entrance room 611; established 20
• J,tf™ :^ •' ca *; s - «eneral court and ofuce prac-
tice, no fee in advance or for consultation-
«-venlr.gt by anointment. Tel. Red 3601. '
ADVICE b«j divorce costs *12 ; no fee , or
co*ts in advence: all law businees- office
_<^ja_Saturday evenlnjcs^eis* Market st.. r. 31.
X>1 1 VOnCE— CcetV $i27~Vu7ckT quletT ~ a*to
free, all law buslmss: no charge unles* «u"
cegcfu): open evening. 027 Market, room 301.
CIVOr.CE Cheap. ssnOUx. »julet!y: call on us
rrr go:r.£ elM. where. Phone Jaa-.es C221-
room 41. HIS Market gt., opposite Emporium!
DIVORCE Jaw a rpeeiaJty; no puolicity; advlcs
fr**: on* m Ad. n.A.S.. P.O. boi 2199. S. F?
L..R. CLARK. !C7 Market St.: consultation
fr*e; no ree* in advance; open evenings.
atjtomobh.es.
AN a utomobHe^ (Rambler) for Bale; In trocxj
running order? Box 3241. Call office.
CADILLAC automobile for tale. Addr*-*» box
1&C5. Call office.
WANTED— Small autonobi> : must ~be~ reas-
onable. Box 3440. Call office.
ASTTTMA. -IE2SEST.
A. Dl Ncla's Asthma Remedy relieves Inctant-
>r- 10c. 2T.c U<r Ifiii2 Market St N'lrrtoU*
BOARDIXG ITCH ClllL.Ult.KX.
ELDERLY lafly wishes boy or rirl to board
and lortfe; pood care. 720 Washington St..
CAPE \OUE. ~~
TICKET office for all points In Alaska. C. F.
MOORE. t27 Market et.. room 309. First
rteamer May 21 : S75 firft class.
CLOTKIKG RESTOVATIgQ.
¦CITS cleaned ano pressed, $1; scouring and
<J)nr.g. Bon Marche. 40 EUli st. room 14;
pneae Dnunm 41. Call tor and deliver in*. '
EMPLOY3IE5T WASTED FEMALE.
YOUNO Swedish girl. 7 months from'Sweden.
wishes a place as chambermaid; wages $15.
2650 Folsom st.. near Twenty- second; no
country position.
COLORED woman wishes a position; general
housework, plain washing and cooking, with
those who do not object to child of 5 years;
will go to the country; wages $30. 320 Ritch.
EDUCATED young lady wishes position as
nursery governess; willing to assist with up-
stairs work; country preferred. Address A.
B. C. 2202 Mission st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAlllst'er st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Brunch office, cor. Duncan 8t Church. sts.
K3IPLOYMEXT WASTED MALE.
WATCHMAN pr porter; good carpenter: ex-
perienced; good references; reasonable. Box
2. Call office.
COMPETENT, sober young man. German,
wants to learn bartending; country preferred;
good references. Box 3067. Call.
COMPOSITOR, knows thoroughly Italian and
- French languages, wishes position. Address.
stating wages offered, MALAN, 439 Bush st.
YOUNO man wishes situation as bookkeeper
or assistant manager on large ranch. Box
3810. Call office.
YOUNO man wants position; will do any kind
of work. Box 3816. Call.
YOUNG man desires position In bask. Ad-
dress X. Y. Z., box 3047. Call.'
WANTED— Position aa courier. Box 3001,
Call offics. .
FIREMAN wants a position In a hotel or
factory. Box 61. Call.
YOUNG man desires employment any descrip-
tlon; not afraid of hard work. Box 43, Call.
WANTED— By a first-class barber, a short-
hour Job. Address box 81, 1008 Market st.
NEAT, sober man wants place to do chores:
very good with horses; can milk; handy at
housework: email wages; good home pre-
ferred. Box 3951. Call. '^
MAN and wife (English),; man first-class coach-
man, etc.; wife good cook or housework; city
or country; personal reference. Box 3870.
Call office.
POSITION wanted by experienced dry goods
and shoe salesman; have had twenty years'
experience. 3651 Twenty-second st;
GARDENER . wants situation; single, middle-
aged, steady and obliging; . references.
Gardener. 322 Third st., room 33.
CHEMIST— A high-class chemist desires a po-
eition at a mine at a nominal salary. Address
ALEX ROY. 612 Mason st.
YOUNG man wants position as store porter or
yardman; Intelligent and quick. Box 3817,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED cutter wishes a position; is
also an experienced tailor; good references.
842 Grove st.
A GOOD painter, paparhangor and tlnter wants
work: tools furnished. Box 3427. Call office.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwriter, wants work;
prices mod. 1272 Folsom St.; phone Mint 131..
ALL-ROUND handy man wants work of any
kind. Address 828 Madison st., Oakland.
CHINESE flrst-clojis cook wants position in
hotel, boarding-house or cannery in city.
Address L. O.. 776 Clay St., San Francisco.
CHINESE boy wants position In private fam-
ily; first-class cook. 807 Washington st.
|| _ | __- PLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTINO DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vactnt nouin and flats ar» 'list-
ed in our free renting department; over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO.,
1039 MARKET ST.,
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
< ¦
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Jmmens* list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-23) Geary
St., on the square.
DOLORES. B21. near 13th — 6 lanre and sunny
rooms and bath: thoroughly up-to-date: rent
reasonable. R. D. CRANSTON & SONS,
114 Montgomery st.
FOUR furnished or unfurnished sunny corner;
bath. and trays; near 2 cars. 1531 Church
St., corner Duncan.
RAUSCH. 71— Flat of 0 rooms and bath; hot
• and cold water; large cellar; stationary
wash tubs.
SUNNY flat of 3 rooms, yard and cellar In
rear of Oil Filbert st.: $9- Inquire baker
»hop. 811 Filbert st.
HANDSOME new sunny 6 and 7 room flats: 1
block north of Market. 157 to 165 No« st.
LYON. 734, near McAllister — Elegant modern
flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent $30.
MISSION. 1215— Sunny flat of 7 rooms and
bath.
LAKE, 740-742 — New flats, 6 rooms each;
rent $25-$30; flr.e view.
WOODWARD, 13, nr. 13th and Valencia — Up-
per flat. 5 r. : bath; mod.; sunny; cheap rent.
A NEW modern flat of 6 rooms and bath: rea-
sonatle to responglble party. 828 Harrison st.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAR. 116 Montgomery st.
NEW modern 7-rbom flat; sun In every room.
323 Bartlett street.
FLATS* TO LET FIK.M5HED.
$30— SUNNY, elegantly furnished for' hous»l
keeping; piano; porcelain bath: 4 minutes'
I wa'k from City Hall; no children. 332 Hayes.
GROVE. 713— Flat of. 7 rooms; coal and gas
stoves; piano; call 11 to 3 o'clock.
FLAT. 5 rooms, furnished, bath, yard; refer-
ence. 70S Market st.. room 312.
*XATS FOR SALE Ft' U.MS HUD.
OCTAVIA. 1203— Newly furnished corner flat-
all front rooms; rooms full of boarders- party
rolng East; must sell.
FOR tale — 2 cozily furnished flats. Apply T.
J DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market. Catlaghan bd.
• yilt.M'tt-KB KOlt SALE!
BUREAUS. $4 50; matting, 10c; iron beds. $2;
H. W. beds, $1; woven wire mattresses from
$1 ?0 up. Andersen Auction House, 19 Turk.
FURNITURE for sale; $73 worth for $7 00
down and $1 30 per week. BRILLIANT'S.
340 Post st. near Powell.
l-Llt.MH.HK WAATfiO.
. ABE LEVY!
Salesroom, 1133 Market »t. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get- his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY A CO.- pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellla.
HELP XVANTED-FEMALE.
WANTED to-day — Protestant cook, plain
wash,' Berkeley, $35; German cook. $40;
young woman cook and housework, no wash,
$30; cook, small sanitarium, country. $30;
cook for hotel. $33; 4 waitresses for springs
and hotels. $25: 4 chambermaids for country
hotel and wait dinner time, $25. see lady
" In office to-day: 118 girls for housework, city
and country, nice places. $23 and $30; sec-
ond glrrs. $20: girl for 3 in family, house-
work, Ross .Valley, $30. see lady in our of-
fice this forenoon. . See J. F. CROSETT &.
CO.. 334 Sutter st. > / .• .;->: -.-
HOUSEKEEPER* American; teach little girl
music; • widow preferred, no- children: In
Berkeley: wages $20 month and found. CAL.
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 Third st.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
' in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sttlons to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 t>er week cd: leading school in
• West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $13: positions as trimmers
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 11
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresstng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 84: positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WANTED— A girl who has had some expert -
enee In a confectionery store. Apply at 500
Fifth st. • •
EXPERIENCED girls to work la pickle fac-
tory. LEWIS PACKING CO.. B25 Front st.
WANTED—Lady typewriter. BBADLEY
FRUIT CO.. 40S Front at. *"}*^t.r
YOUNG, girl for general housework; no wash-
In*: two In family. 1032 sniia «t. - '
Lom.l.M. HOtbEA I'OU fcALIi— Cub.
A. CAMERON &. CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy et., cor. Market and Powell.
He&dauurters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
138 rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' lsase; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure first-
class hotel; owner has other business; part
ca*h; balance time.
37 rooms; cheap rent; elegant new building,,
furniture and carpets; close in; clearing over
$200 per month; fine chance to get first-class
house cheap.
C3 rooms; best downtown transient house In
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; .snap; $000.
¦ 14 rooms; reasonable rent; newly decorated
and painted; beautliul new quarter sawed oak
furniture: Axnilnsur and velvet carpets; 3
years' lease; part cash. v*.,
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $000 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with ua. ¦
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
•20 rooms; rent only $100: all new furniture;
doctor pays $95; clearing over all expenses
$100; best street in Oakland; will trade for San
Francisco house.
;24 rooms; rent $140; new and eleeantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fins proposition;
good lease.
'220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance:
every modprn equipment: clearing $400 to $500 .
per. month; to be sold at a bargain on account
! of departure. - ¦ •¦ -
31 rooms 1 near Market; cheap rent; mostly
new furniture and carpets; clears $150; can
be run. permanent or transient; half cash;
balance time. , w .
9 rooms; rent $30; Cal. et.; good* fur. car-
pets; 3 rooms bring Jn $22; bal. landlady;
price $300. -
123 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to .$40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation. .
22 rooms: rent only $.90; new furniture and
carpels; 6 years' lease; clears $90 to $100 per
month; must sell account sickness; $1500.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
fuAilshed, up-to-date roomlng-houye; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired: rare
chance ¦ for • right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house: other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
33 rooms; cheap rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished; new modern building: very central;
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
90 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture; swell downtown location; everything up-
to-date and first-Qlaas; fine opportunity to se-
cure high-grade proposition; must go East.
9 rooms; sunny flat; rent $50; oak, mahogany
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $030.
180 rooms;, grand, new. modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped;- cheap
rent: fine lease; paying $5OO to $«0O per month;
close In: full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $«0; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $850.
103 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $300 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clean) $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100: well furnished: lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms: beautiful corner: 3 and 4 room
apartments: grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
in city; call for terms and particulars.
\i 8 rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $80; can
b« had by paying $150 'down, balance time;
$450.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San FrancJ«co: beautiful, mod-
ern butldinar; fine entrance: cheap rent; clear-
Ing ?400 per month: 5-year-lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
' 7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $S5: oak 'fur. :
good carpets, housekeeping; all full: clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1000.
50 rooms; new, modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease: cheap rent; clearing $230 to $300;
very central; flrst-cla*s proposition.
80 rooms: rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in; fine money-maker.
28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business: will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. *
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
50 ROOMS: sunny corner houce: all outsMe
bay-window room*r east, southland west ex-
posures: with Io3>«e; rare opportunity; In-
vestigate. Box 34S1, Call office.
NINE rooms: all full: must sell on account of
sickness. Inquire 212 Firth st. •
roDGi>G-noiisE:s wasted.
WANTED — Lodging-house to rent of about 15
or 1C rooms not to exceed $50. Address H.
D. LATH AN, 12.V) California »t.
Sl'lKITUALI*)!.' |
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and bus. medium, read dally $li develop.
Ing clars Thursday 8 p. m. C12 Eddy st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 12CC Market St., Gait House.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing eeance,
Friday, Sunday eves., 50c. 328 Ellis st.
ALMER'S materializing seance to-night. 8
o'clock sharp. 50c; readings dally. 457 Eddy.
PROF. FRED EVANS. not«»d clairvoyant nni
¦late- writer. 1112 Eddy St. T'hnne Scott 887.
CL AI It V O V AST>.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at ence and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 . $1 $1 $1 $1 31 $1 $1
• ¦ No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance ~ clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Franslscc.
Read carefully. An honest ' proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name. .oc-
cupation and what you called for: I tell you if
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "In fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can trll yourself; his advice is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he im-
proves your character so that | you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implaateJ in your
nature, so you can, con.ro! any one secretly;
cures' disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures: gives you success
in life; he guarantees you success or, charges
nothing for bis services.
10 a. . m. to S p. m. — Closed Sunday.
' 326 OFarrell et. — 326. •
THE FUTURE REVEALED. ¦ •• i
- < THE PAST DISCLOSED.
A — For a 'reliable and Intelligent 'clairvoyant'
reading go to LIVINGSTONE. 428 Eddy st.
He asks you no questions, . but . tells you
whaf you. wish to know.
He does not mention all the ills and mis-,
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your- case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling- you. find the : cause of . trouble and
suggest the remedy.
He is as conspicuous, for. his wonderful oc-
cult analysts as • he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness. ¦ \
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you . fall on PKOF: LIVINGSTONE he will
eive.you a full life reading, for $1. '• A test
is of llttls' value; when the mind is • troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
Permanently located 428 Eddy st.; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady- attendant.
¦, Hours; 10 a. m.' to. 8 p. m. : ;
MME.' M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
¦-, Clairvoyant and business ¦ medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your. life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, , reveals the
present, happenings and portrays, events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented, or satisfied- with life,, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
i: anteed; readinsa bymalL -TeL'Black 4569.,
HELP WAXTED — FB^y.lC--<>»»^
LADY to learn to cut bathing suits; one with
some knowledge of dressmaking preferred;
steady position. Apply J. J. PF1STEB
KNITTING CO., 412 Polk st.
WANTED — Intelligent woman as housekeeper
for 2 adults; 2 miles from Boulder Creek;
good home; small wages. Call Friday at
3231) Twenty -fourth St., from a to 4.
EXPERIENCED girls., waitresses. 44S Ellis.
' WANTED— A girl to do light, plain cooking
and help along In bakery stare. 'Jit 1 ? Larkin.
WANTED— Chambermaid at New Golden Gate
Hotel, 164 Fourth *t. ?
WANTED — Young woman who is an experi-
enced dry-goods package wrapper. Apply at
HALE BROS.', inc.. bet. !» and 11 a. m.
WANTED — Weman who is experienced In sell-
Ing cloak* and suits. Apply at HALE
BROS.'. Inc.. bet. » and 11 a. m.
EITHER sex. canvassers; $2 50 per day guar-
anteed, salary, expenses adde<l to travel.
Koom 32 Arlington Hotel. Oakland. Cal.
YOUNO girl from the country, refined, ex-
perienced, wishes light housework; sleep
home. Box 3307. Call office.
WOMAN to work in massage parlors. 238
Powell St.. rooms 6 and T^
Experienced 2-needl# operator. Singer: steady
position. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second St.
1 GIRL for eeneral housework: wages $25. J.
STANGE, 920 York St.. bet. 21st and 224.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions reeehred at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan * Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tee receptloa
of advertisements and subscriptions has b«ea
opened at 1003 Market St.. oopc«lt» FiftS.
Op-r. until 11 p. m.
HELP WA.VTED MALE.
A— MURRAY READY. 834-639 Clay St.
Leading Employment and Labor Af »nts.
PHONE MAIN 5S4S.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH. SWISS. FRENCH.
GERMAN. GREEK. ITALIAN.
Your fare free. Look — Free far*
TO STATE OP NEVADA
If you stay four months. THAT'S ALL.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
265 two-horse teamsters, $<$0.
156 laborers, you'll suit. JtiO.
B5 drillers, rockmen. hammersman, $75.
Eight hours' work dally; hundred* coins.
6 carpenters, city Jobs, $4 day.
Whealwright, operate wheel machine, fare $1.
$3 day.
Boilermaker, fare 60c. $3 and $3 60 day.
Wheelwright. 60c fare, $50 and found.
15 cooper, slack work; steady.
2 corn Ice men, exceptionally good jobs, $3 !•
day.
Carriage painter, sticker hand, country. $4 ,
day. z
Molder and sticker hand.
Gang edgerman, fare $1, $55 to $70 found.
Double cut band sawyer, $5 day.
Screw turner. Santa Clara Ccunty. $73.
& shingle packers, different places.
Cut-off sawyer; 4 ahlnglers, $1 per M.
Edgerman fare $1 6O S43 and found.
LOOK.
12 horsesboers. city and country, $4. $3 50,
$3. $2 50 day.
14 blacksmiths and helpers. $4, $3. $2 day.
STABLEMEN.
28 stablemen, city and country. $73. $eO, $30
and found.
HAYMAKERS.
23 haymakers, mowers, $1 25 day and found.
25 vineyard and orchard hands, $26. $30 fd.
38 milkers and butter and cheese makers, $30
to $50 and found.
16 choremen and beys. $13 to $C0 and found.
MINES.
12 machine miners, $30.
186 woodchoppers, all over California.
MEN AND WIVES.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
28 cooks. $30 J40 $30. $C0. $70 and found.
16 waiters. $25. $30. $40 and found.
13 dishwashers. $20. $25. $3O. $35 found.
12 porters, bell and elevator beys $C0 to $15.
LAUNDRY.
26 laundrymen, different departments $13 to
$22 a week. .
BAKERS.
2 flrst, 4 second on bread. 1 second on cakes.
MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS.
TELEPHONE AND LETTER ORDERS.
Setter screwhead blocks: boss here; $3 day.
Door molder. 55c fare, $2 to $3 day.
Planerman. fare $2 50, $80 and found.
Cattle herder, fare $1 25. $30 and found.
85 HAYMAKERS.
$1 50. $1 5O and found day. $1 SO.
Painter, carriage works, fare $1 50. $30 fd.
Lorger. understands rigging:, north. $CO fd.
Screw turner, small L. mill, $55 found.
TOGETHER.
Screw turner, south: edgennan, south; hook
tender, south.
2 brick loaders, country. 23c M.
6 plow teamsters, fare $1, $32 50 found.
Vegetable gardener. $3O found.
Edeerman. lumber company, boss here. $3O
and found. ¦
3 plumbers, |4 a day.
Coremaker. city, rood lob. $3 day.
6 carriage palnten. $12 to $15 week.
LOOK!
12 casting ehtppers or cleaners, $75.
Foreman molder. Iron worker. $4 to $3 £my.
Foreman, used to oil burners. $60.
Boy learn trade. "Weavers on blankets.
FREE FARE TO ALL.
9 bollermakers. boss here. $3 50 to $4 day,
time and a half overwork, including board
and lodging.
Roller grinder for floor mills.
« farmers and wives. $70. $80. $30, $40 fd.
3 laborers, lumber company, $33 and fcmr.4.
LOOK! 1
Polisher, northern laundry. $13 w»«k.
Ironer. charge of country ironing. $73.
Roustabout, musician preferred, springs, $S0.
Slaughter-house butcher's helper, ranch. $33
and found.
Buttermaker." stock farm, fare $1 W, $35 fd.
6 section hands, fare 30c. $1 60 day.
10 farm hands, southern town, $1 23 to fl 69
day.
Best Places at— MTRRAT A RBAD"TS.
Best Wages at— 634-633 Clay st.
MAN put up timbers, pitch teats, et*, $3 to
$2 30 day.
Butcher, all round man. far* $1, $35 fouad.
Second cook, $43 fouad; teamster, light
wagon.
Chef cook. $60; second cook, |25 foami;
steamer together. ; • "". •-
Stableman, lumber company, fare $3, $40 M.
5 laborers. Swedes. Duim or Norwegians for
big lumber company. $33 found.
6 drillers, city Jcb. $67 60.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 639 Clay st
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGEEfCT.
14 Third st.. near Call bldg.: phone Burt 4C8.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE — REFUNDED.
U. Si GOVERNMENT WORK.
23 teamsters. $67 50 a month.
13 laborers. $80 a month.
10 drillers, rockmen. hammersmen, $75.
WOODS CREW.
2 barkers. $45 and board.
2 wheel teamsters. $f>5 a month.
Edgerman, small mill, $40 and board.
Edgerman. sawmill, east. $3 23 a day and
board. #
Choreman. ranch. $23 and board.
10 laborers. $1 73 to $2 day.
Glazer. city. $3 50 a day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
10 bollermakera. $3 to $4 a day. board and
lodging: steady Job guaranteed.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
"WINDOW dresser and card writer. $25 week:
, miner and wife to board men, $1OO month:
2 edgermen. $3 day and $30 month and!
board: 2 carpenters. $3 50 day; Jcbbtn*
blacksmith. $2 5O day and board; compere;
gla2ler. $-1 to $3 50 day; vegetable garfl^ner.
$30 and found: man and wife for private
family, $5O and found: 2 farmers and wives.
$47 5t» and $35 an« found; choreman. $30 and
found: milkers, $.".0 and $.'13; farmers, $:u?;
laborers. $2 a day; woodchoppers. cooks,
waiters porters elevator -men. and othtr-.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. «2S Sacramento st.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
05 THIRD ST. Telephone Main 5321.
Woodchoppers. firewood. S2 cord.
Cabinetmakers, bench hands. $3 50. nr. city.
Ranch hands. $1 and board.
Coopers, piece work; no strike. Jy~-.
Teamsters, %\ 50 and board, near city.
Railroad teamsters, $2 25, Cal.: fare $3 70.
Nevada, ttamsters $2 25, laborers $2.
Klght nours. Cheap fare. Government work.
HORD & SMITH.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
602 Clay st.— Phone James 2176.
BLACKSMITHS. BLACKSMITHS.
6 different places. $3 to $3 5O day.
Scraper teamsters, ditch work. $1 25 day
and board.
Milkers, 3 places. $30 to $.13 month and fd.
Clazter. factory. $3 to S3 30 day.
Gardner, vegetables. $-1O month and found.
Cheesemaker. $40 month and found. '
Plenty of other work at 6i>2 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2G Montgomery, r. 12.
Steward, resort. $100.
A BUTLER by 1st of June; $40. Apply ta
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
BOY over 12 years to act as messenger: n!*ht
work. Apply Call office. Ills Broadway.
Oakland. ,.
CASH boyi wanted. Apply at S.~7i7~WOob *
CO.'S. 740 Market st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday
and evenings. 1030 Howard st.
WANTED — A young man to attend to fruit
-p. 8 p~ \ yji \ j|j| f"f\l j I (M M C /^p T«LJ H f"\ I I HAVE ASGOMPLETE A STOCK OF¦ ¦ •¦¦ ¦¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 19M. '
13
ALAMEDA ADVEHTIS'ME^TS
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
CLEMENT ave.. 2103— Sunny front room;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; Willow sta-
tion^ ______^_^^—
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JUST COMPLETED— Very pretty houso of I
rooms (t bedrooms): all modern Improve-
ments; furnace, etc.; $5000.
Near Key Route cars; on the sunny side of
street; fine 2-story house of 9 rooms; large
comer lot; $4200.
Now building; a coxy Swiss chalet la taa
Berry- Bangs Tract; fine corner lot; $6500.
Very substantially built house of S rooms;
lot 52x159:6; near Dwight way: $5500.
A large lot in Claremont; 230 feet deep: ¦
only $1300.
Just the place for a chicken ranch; One lerel
lot. 21CxlC0 : only $T50.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
CENTER AND SHATTUCK AVE..
BERKF.LEY.
$4500— THIS place Is cheap at $10,000: fln«
corner. 2S4xlOt>; all business property, in- .
eluding bakeoven and bakehouse that cost
$70O; store and stock which will net $10O per
month;_two-story building, consisting of store
and <"¦ living rooms: must be sold at once;
present owner retiring on account of old
age. being 82 yearn old anil in poor health:
a fine chance for wootl and coal yard. W.
C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT ? S T 3I'NTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
W. E. RTDELL,
Corner FRUITVALR AVE. and WASH. ST..
FRCITVALE, CAL.
How Is this for a home In Frultvale?
?24CO — Beautiful modern cottage of H rnomn
and bath, mantel, stationary wash trays,
high baselnent, electric light: corner lot.
40x125; abundance of flowers and fruit
trees: near car line; good neighborhood.
$050 — Cottage of 4 rooms; large lot; flowers,
fruit trees and vegetables; 4 blocks from
car line: small cash payment, balance
same as rent.
$5000 — A grand home on Fruitvale ave., 8
rooms, bath and modern conveniences:
corner lot. 81x207; decorated garden, va-
riety fruit trees: stable with 2 box stalls;
nice driveway: take a look at this prop-
erty; It will please you. .
$1600— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath: basement:
lot 37:6.t124; alley in rear; near station
and schools; a bargain.
FOP. RENT.
New modern cottage of 5 rooms; rent $18 mo.
W. K. RmELL.
Corner FRUITVALE AVE. and WASH. ST..
FRriTVALE, CAL.
FRCITVALE Fl'RXISUED ROOMS.
FURNISHED and unfurnished rooms to let.
Apply Walker's store. Seminary ave., Frult-
vale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKI.AXU REAL ESTATES.
$300 CAvH buys: balance payable after 5
years; a~well-bullt new house, 6 large rooms.
bath etc.: every thins complete and up to
date; lot 34x100: excellent location: high
and rear church, school, stores, bank, street
cars. Key Route and Santa Fe stations;
now open for inspection. S67 ."57th St.. Oak-
land: take Key Route from San Francisco-
FOR sale — 10 acr?s of land in the suburbs of
Oakland: well located to subdivide and sell
lots: electric cars to tbo property; would ex-
change for Improved property tn San Fran-
cisco or Oakland. E. BISHOP. 466 Tenth
st.. Oakland^ *
NEW 7-room furnished house; 5 minutes' walk
from Key route depot. Apply 831 Thlrty-
nrtli >t.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED HOUSES IN OAKLAND.
Fine new 10-rcom house, with 5 bedroom*.
short. distance from Oak-st. station. Lakeside
District, $60.
Fine 8-room house on Vernon St., Oakland
Heights; stable, etc.; will lease for a year
If desired; $50.
Myrtle st.. short distance from 10th: 11
rooms; fine sunny corner: will rent for $63.
THESE ARE ALL GOOD PLACES.
JAS. S. NAISMITH.
534 Thirteenth st.
MAGNOLIA, near Tenth — Two elogant. sunny
flats; reatcnable rent. Key 74!> Magnolia st.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
DESIRABLE, modern home: furnished: H
rooms; for July. Aug.. Sept.: no children:
refs.; call 10 to 12 a. m.. 1!15 Adeline St..
near Twelfth.
OAKI.A.M) KIUMTIHK KOK » ALB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
tu»» H fchellhss". 11th «t. cor »tor» Onklanii
San Francisco Advertisenrts
ROOM* FOR HOrSKKEKPIXr..
BOWIE ave., 10%. off Eleventh St., near How-
ard — Beautiful sunny rocm for 1 cr 2, or light
housekeeping; bath and gas.
BUCHANAN. 847— Front sunny alcove an.1
kitchen; bath and phone: rent reasonable.
ELLIS. 611 — 2 connecting rooms; gas rang?,
running water, bath and phone.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1404— Sunny front room,
with housekeeping; also 9ir.g!e room, $5.
HOWARD. 823 — One large, sunny room, house-
keeping: gas, stcve. •¦
JACKSON. 2:U1 — Housekeeping rooms. fur-
nished or unfurnished; bath, phone an'l £as.
JONES. 614 — Large roym with kitchen, running
water, bath, laundry, $17: back parlor, $12.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. i;{40 Pine —
Sunny, furnished .t-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 ap.
LA BRANCH House. l'JCO Powell St.. cor. Pa-
cific — Nice furnished ropma to let: alao
housekeeping; $1 a w -•*»'< and up.
LARKIN. 817%— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed; gas stove; reasonable.
MISSION. 1221, near Sth— Nicely furnished
sunny front suite, complete for housekeeping.
POLK, 1402— Sunny, housekeeping rooms: gas
and bath free; reasonable.
SECOND. 212 — Furnished for hcusekeeplng;
also other room-t; reasonable; no children.
VAN NESS ave.. n101 — Newly furnished bay-
window suite: running water, bath; hsekpg.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan * Church *ts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
APAKTXSST gQTTSXa.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
1084 BUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms ani
bath each: all unfurnished; $27 50 to $ W.
Make reservations now.
BT.CECILE. 115 Fell.abov- Van Ness ave.— T!»
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3- room apartments, with private baths,
steam heat, electric light. elevator, gas ranges;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 50. $50. $35.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms; furn. or unfurn. : refs. Tel. East 135O.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ats.
KOOMSt Ti» |.KT Furn. Mm) tsfsm.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st.— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. X
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
BUCHANAN, 847— Front sunny alcove and
kitchen; bath and phone; rent reasonable.
BURNETTTl42e Market (old No. 13(54)— Fur-
niahed rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $8 wk.: reading-room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis — Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
JESSIE, 363, east V. S. Mint— Furnished room.
$5; large tor 2 men. $3 per month.
POST. 889. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room: bath; gas: for 1 or 2 gents.
Continued on Page Fourteen,
PROl'USAJ^S.
PROPOSALS for drayage— General Depot of
the Quartermaster's Department, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. May 18. l'.iH — Sealed proposals
for the hauling of military stores and sup-
plies in and about the city of San Fran-
cisco, Cal., for the flrcal year commencing
July 1. 1904, will be received at thla office
until 11 o'clock a. m., on Saturday, the 18th
day of June, 1904, and then' opened. The
Government reserves the right to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary Information
will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed "Proposals for Drayage," and
addressed to Major C. A. Devol, Depot
Quartermaster.
SAN Francisco, Cal.. May If). 1904— Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be.recelved here
until 11 o'clock a. m., June 3, 1904, and then
opened for construction or addition to wharf
and erection of coal .*uW thereon at Pre-
sidio of San Francisco. Cal. Government
reserves the right to reject or accept any- or
all bids In whole or In part. Information
furnished on application to WM. S. PAT-
TEN, Assistant Quartermaster General.
Chief Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Laundry Work— Office Gen-
eral Superintendent. Army Transport Ser-
vice, San Francisco. Cal., April 21, 1904.
Sealed proposals in triplicate for Laundry
Work for army transports will be received at
this office until 11 a. m. May 21, 1Q04, and
then opened. Envelopes should be Indorsed,
"Proposals for Laundry Work," and ad-
dressed General Suoerlntendent Army T>iins-
port Service.
s r oit s axe.
BONDS for sale — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed bids will be received until 2 o'ciock
p. m.. Saturday, May '-'8. 1B04, by the Board
. cf Control of the Territory of Arizona, at the
office of said board in the City of Phoenix.
Arixona, for the .sale of Ten Bonds of the
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each
bearing date January 1. 1904. due and pay-
able January 1. 1954. bearing Interest at the
rate of nve per cent (E%) per annum, optional
alter twenty-five years. Issued by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona, in accordance with the
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-sec-
or.d Legislative Assembly of said Territory
and which act has been approved by the
Congress of the United States. Interest oa
cald bonds will be paid »emi-annually on
the first day of January and July of e aca
/ear. and both principal and interest payabla
In gold coin of the United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory a
certified check of a responsible bank tor i
p«r cent of the amount of the bid, payabla
to the order of K. E. Klrkland. Territorial
Treasurer, and a copy of this advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment In full up»n allotment and
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reservti
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
cf Control, Phoenix Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bnn«1> " *
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, Sth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market st., -opposite Third
For the half yea- rndtng 31st of December,
1903, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating ¦ certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 9. 5 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 409 Mont-
gomery St.. room 6. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
SEWIX«_ MACHINES AND gUHPLIBsT
YOU MAKE A MISTAKE
If you buy a sewing machine without first
examining the "White," which makes both
the lock and chain stitch; has finest furniture
and full ball-bearing stand: is made ta both
' rotary and vibrating shuttle styles; runs
llghest, lasts longest and Is acknowledged to
be the king of all Sewing Machines. City
offices, 300 Post st. 1841 Filmore et. and 708
Valencia st.
DOMESTIC: — The machine for family use; best
Is -cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office.- 1021 Market Bt.. near Sixth. -
NEW HOMI3 — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10. $15, $20; second-
. hand, $3. $5. $8: nil styles; guaranteed. New
-Home Sewing Machine Co..' 1051 Market at.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS— Con.
$165— STEIN WAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
raenta. SCHM1TZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stfinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Ehonlnger, llttie used. Keeffe's, 2S3 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30R-312 Post st.
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A wrinkled
face porltlvely restored to Its former contour;
pimpie. hamilesK, sclenttfli^. method shown on
the living face; permanency guaranteed. Call
or write for book, "Hints on B<?auty," free.
M. ELLA HARRIS, 781 O'Farrell st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood (affecting
akin, mouth, bones, etc.), epeedlly cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
SCALP treatment given by a lady to produce
growth of hair; hours 10 a. m. to S p. m.
and evenings; best of references. Hotel
Atlanta. 4D2 Ellis st.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
SI a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR '
On the worst bald head. Call or write.' DR.
Q. S. MOORE. a32 O'Farrell Bt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 50 post
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO., 140 Geary. S.F.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A' VIP A CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. GCO. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1. at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pag?s. in wrapper, for • tailing. $1 per year
——————————
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific Dalratflt. 514
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black Bfll.
~~~ ! PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED^ — A partner with $3000 to buy half
interest in sawmill; lots. of timber; inquire
at this office for address. ¦ Box 8829. Call.
••••-' FATII-MTH.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, Vt-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market St."
PHYSICIANS AND 8CRQBOIV*.
DrTc. C. ¦ O'DONNELL— Of flee~and~resfdence*.
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and '7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLbOD, 'skin and recta r diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073& Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the - human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mapon; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., -near. Leavenworth. ..
DR. TONG PO CHY. , successor to Dr. Li Po
i Tal. herb doctor, cure B all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easeg cured by Chinese herbs.. 746-8 Clay st.
POULTRY, EGGS, ETC For Sale.
100 GALLONS fresh milk dally; test 4 per cent
butter fat. Apply R. E. ROWLAND. Orlnda
'. Park,, or. FRANK ESMOND, 2020 Shattuck
ave,. Berkeley.
HELP WASTED — MALE— C«m.
.. A-^-CONTnACTORS' EMPLOYMENT GENCr
635— Washington St. — 635.
Phone James S30L Near Kearny st.
• 2 oan^ntfrs, company work, near city *teaay
Job $70 and found; 2 carpenter*, city. J3 W>
• ,Chy- carpenter* $2 75 day and found; second
cook. mine. $40 and found, easy job; 10
ranch and hay hands. .
X f « B R. work-Free Fare— Ship ?»"*"/•
" TVn 2 -horse teamst. rs. S2; fee fl: «• «;•
IS more laborers for large lumber company «
own R Ii north, special fare by rail. *40
' ' found iglazur. $3 to $3 50 .day; sticker
• hand- Manpnr.an: deckhand for towboat;
<ab<net -maker t farmers. $30 and found;
Vook cn> rXtaurant. $12 to $16 week; 3
."laborer? min<\ $W and found.
" • L H crTTING At CO., phone James 330L
. A—PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
• * . F M. filXN. ?«!> COMMERCIAL ST..
rhone Main 1191. Near Kearny.
Fire fare to laborers. R hours work, $2 day.
To. the sawmills, north. $25; R. R. graders,
• . $iiw. FMp to-night. Al job. Nevada, laborers
«ir.d teamsters. $2 to $2 25 day. 8 hours*
work. 10 ranch hands, t*« b«*» here; 6 Ital-
° Jfens. quarry work. $00; baker, hotel. $50.
liundrtds of other Jobs. Call and see us.
.IVASTED for C. S. army; able-bodied un-
mari'.ed nyn. between aces of 21 and 35;
citizens of the United States, of good caar-
. avfr and temtxrate habits, who can speak.
rfad -and write English. For information
' • "Vpr.iy to Recruiting Officer. Rlaito building.
Ne.« Hontcomerr *t.. San Francisco, or 1029
. #pcnr.J tt.. Sacramento, Cal.
• TO3»NTED — Upholsterer, non-union, good all-
• p round workman; also boy who has had aome
, • \;« weMoe et uphcUtery. Box 19. Call.
boys wanted; 18 or 19 years of age;
waci-« 11*0 to $2T». Apply superintendent's
ofrW. The Eniorlum.
PARgtACaS rainier* and blacksmiths, finishers
or f.<.tonaen. Aj^ly O'Brien's Carriage Fac-
•tyy. corner Polk et. and Golden Gate ave.
c i'KN".ar.<! women wanted to learn the barber
trad", five of charge. Western College of
B*rb*TB, C-i" Conimerc'.al st.
». FIRST-CLASS barbershop for~«aTeT~dolng
r-x-ji business; owner going East. 25S4 Mkt.
li^RfJER wanted for Saturday evening and
morning; steady. 804 Larkin st.
. EABOTIER' wanted. 459 Stevenson St., near
. £'xth.
BARBER for Saturday ar.d Sunday 44
WFarrell st.
¦VV£N"TEI>— Young man to wait at table; $25.
I".'. Powell et.: call 10 a. m.
WANTED — A job compositor: also young Job
cempotftof . HYMANX BROS., 506 Mission.
G<">OD barber wanted for Saturday and~Sun-
jftv. 21 S Montgomery ave.
rOR°a«U« — if-chalr barber shop; gt>od location
1ST Sixth st.
BARBERS— 3-chair »hop; price $100: rent $7-
- icundry c'.ears expenses. 32 Hunt St., off 3d!
l.AIJBER chop for sale; clears J25 per week-
"kkneys cause of sale. 3147 Twenty-fourth!
B A P. BERP— 2-chair sh^p. pood for $120 month,
at. valuaticn. 1U47 Broadway. Oakland.
Tl" ANTED — Young man who is a thoroughly
*>xr«>rien<-ed express wrapper; one who has
good local ex;«?ricnce. Apply at HALE
BROS.. Inc.. between 9 and 11 a. m.
\VANTE!>— Thoroughly experienced dry goods
. Falesman. Apply at HALE BROS.. Inc.,
between 8 and 11 a. m.
ALL " ~
• . Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; otly
e:gM weeks required; positions secured; con-
. j-tant practice and expert Instruction; special
. "c"er and catalogue mulled free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. C35 Clay st
V." ANTED — Three first-clats carriage black-
frsiths and three first-class body makers:
good wages and steady employment to righ'
parties' Apply A. MEISTER & SONS CO..
SacramTjto. Cal.
"EXPERIENCED Eccountant for position in an
ir.i«Ticr town; application must be in owa
handwriting, stating age. experience and ref-
. Acgr<??E box 3S0S. Call.
" VENTED — Laborers »nd mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkin. R*no House proprietor, has
odded 100 new rooro» to the Denver House.
517 THrj ft.: 2T>0 rooms: 25c to tOc per niirht.
TUT cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
• .$1 50 pair; fcot-form ehots at $2 50; we pay
exprers or rr.a.11 charges 11 3d tt.Exam bid.
COT to work In tailor ehct>: one without a
horr.e; rr.uft be steady. ISIS Van Ness ave.
¦U'ANTT:iW-3 laborers. Fourt.-enth ave. and N
South. Ker.tucky-Ft. cars.
CHIP" carpenters; helpers; laborers, etc. 618
Third *t.
YOUNG man for salesman. Columbia Hat
%Vorks, 111-15 Fourth st.
YOUNG man to wait aT table. 258 Fir^t
*tr«-et.
BARBER shop for tale, cheap: Mission dis-
trict. Inquire of H. BEARNARD. 104 7th.
ETItONO boy to learn the carriage and wagon
biackgg-.ithlr.g trade. 628 Harrison st.
EAILOIIS and ordinary seamen lor all parts of
»t world at HERMAN'S. Tt Steuart st.
LABOR Obts collected: »u:t«. attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r. 419.
TOUNO man to learn ba.rber trad*: wages
»hll» learning 741A Howard bL
tAJLORS end yourg men <freen hands) for
¦ trips. HALLBERT. 517 Jscfcson st.
*JV-T:*!ar. Atty.. E. A. Buills. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
F'set Com. Geo. H. Thomas Port. G. A. K.
"WANTED — .Taiwanese ixjrter. 70 Third St.
• VINCHESTEK Hotel. 44 Third it., near Mar-
kct— TOO roorr.fc: CSc night: reading-rooms;
*r*e.'bus and baggar* to and from ferrr.
" A.FFlANCH efflce of The Call for tbe . reception
.''. i :¦• '¦•;>¦-::. fr. :•• end subscriptions has been
£pemd at 1005) M&rket at., opposite Fifth.
»^_Op»B until 11 p. m.
' .aVVBRTISEMENTS. KUbacrlptlons received at
< b'.) Vrar.rh efflce. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
ALL f=lzcs rr.en's *boe*. ellghtly damaged, half
Tri-~». r.C3 Mission «.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
OFT ycur FiYoes halr-soled while waiting: 25c
'* • Tn r/. r WirrUn *t . fret. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSB9 A\U U'AGOM.
• $U 12 AND 14 passenger 4-seat surries. second-
_.. har.d Toomey cart, low phaeton, platform
g r er surrey end oak trap, hack, coupe, pneu-
isatic buggy. 2 bikes and tandem cart.
ii OrjtHXES'S. GoMti Gate ave. and Polk mu
.i'OJi isale — fl"5; mare. 7 years old, gentle In
\ "•¦¦.'¦ry rei=p*r-t. eafe for woman to drive; will
• r_>> double, trot or pace. Box 23. Call.
ilA7Ct>SOXE brown marc for turrey or trap;
weight al«.i:t 1200 lbs. 886 Geary et., phone
f PoOt 1477.
JTJfB river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round, near lilarfc Diamond. Contra Costa
' "aunty. Nucleug Stable*. lftO Stevenson, K. F.
*"OK sale c!be*p— 100 kind* <,f eurrpys, camp
_."' a 5. r : n5 .'^ j !: b I r " !lr '- bag****- 15C« FoIsom st
• I3En^! re<) 1 Bre " n ' T bu **y. MsTtrood con-
/ J^iat:; bargain. st.
• IX £ l «•*'*— A nice light <iellvery~~wa*on. *01
r Gurth st.
ZLl^iHT eecond-hand wagon Tor sale. S13
• ONE fjonyand buggy or cart anfl harness for
*" "^g rhrai. 1SO4 Folsim and E!»vf-nth st.
. KKE i:.-i:-;i<h dog cart, almoet r.»w cheap"
I&qujr* at ii Eddy st.. room 100.
MORSES of all. grade* bought. f rJt B n4 ex- !
changed. H. ATKINSON. 05 Hermann st.
V.rKGONETTEi"."s^rre;-i!. bu^gT**, wagr,nT"ha7-
• • n«->.«. work and driving hortw. ir>th-Val<>ncla.
* HOVSKS TO LET.
A-* PRINTED ll*t of houses to l»t; send f or pir
. '-ulpr. «J. H. IMliSK.V A CO.. 2'> Montgomery.
' ' II Ol SES Fin.MSHEI) — FOIl SALkT
: : ROOMS; goo4 location; well furnished; rent
M5; clean! ?40; this week only. $530; no
. agents. Address A. L., «15 Larkin tt.
.JCSflSg, 305, near Eddy— House of 10 sunny
r'j'.ms: nlerly furnUhed; reasonable.
LOST AMI KOt.MJ.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savin*
p-r.d J^oan Eoclrty of San Francisco in the
'*!!)•> of ANNA K. HTREICHER. No.
o J'/0yj01. TTie finder will please return to
tank. >i', : '-
3/ f-T— Thursday, the 19th. hea\-y band ring
set with two diamonds and emerald. Finder
will be liberally rewarded by returning same
»ta E. Reed, 8C3 Market «t.
tOST — Gentleman's gold watch, key winder,
!*di«>E' <haln atuched; between Kearny and
' "iifornia and Dupont and Clay. Return
— tl'~ LBr> ti". r. S; liberal reward; keepsake.
IGBT — Sunday afternoon, on Jackson or gac-
riimento et. cars or In Park, a diamond 6un-
¦mm. P.fturn same to room 15, 204 Front
I -JL.':_ an< ' **crlv«» reward: no questions asked.
* r ; : rr niTFT pendant pin. net In gold wreath.
H'turn room Cfl. Wells-Fargo bids., receive
i
WONKY TO LOAN — Continued.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
INTEKEST 5% AND C PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND.
TOWN and COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property in
trust; loan? closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
CROCKER BUILDING,'
POST AND MARKET STS.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone: confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com,;
Xalrect rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., OS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*, Jewelry, at 3
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
84G Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton ;phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcardlng-houses, without
aecurlty; easy payment*, large business la
46 principal cities. Tolrr.an, 653 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
it. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. ail. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103H Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dcrsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO talarled people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 3. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policler, etc. United Loon and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Eavlnps Bank building. 70S Market st.
iy» pr cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bldg.. Ex..ent
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
Ml'SICAL IKSTKUMKNTS.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
One Erard; nice condition $50
One English Le Blond; good order $75
One Sterling: cost $325; new $165
One Lelr.s, walnut case; fine order. $170
On«. Chickering; mahogany case.. $250
One Knabe., used one year, latest style; one
Etelnway used 2 years, latest style; one
Vose ma'begany case, used 8 months; also. 1
new piano, mahogany case, three strings, lat-
est style, upright grand, $147 50.
$10 Squares $10. •> ,
Emerson. Kurtzman, Cummlngs, Hallet & Da-
vis Stelnway. Kranicb & Bach, Halnee and 40
ethers from $10 up; easy payments— guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ A BON, 16 O'Farrell.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
fTcm; pianos from <30 «P w ard; our _Iln« _the
best our prices the lowest. BCOTT Cukta^
PIANO CO.. 6<iO-<* Hayes St. , ,
RENTING is our specialty; $2 UPS- *PPly .en -
Durenuc: Installments $4 up. HEINB
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.: Oakland. 1232
¦ Broadway. ¦ • - . ' -
1" BEAUTIFUL Stelnway upright grand, as
good as new; cheap. HORNUNG, 216 Me.
Alljfter st. ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦-
o^.. 8^^» ;
MAUZY. 303 Po't «*.
TREMENDOUS slaughter storage Pianos . and j
"urT; dirt cheap. Whltehead's.1630 Market »C,
REAL, K ST . V r K-—C I T \-^gg»J » A J . K,
eastonTeldridge i co..
838 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. "
AUCTION.
TUESDAY :: May 24. 1904
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT.
Southeast line of Howard st.. 250 feet SW.
of 4th st.. lot 25x80 feet; Improvements con-
sist of 4-story huilrtlng containing spacious
store with 4 living rooms in rear; lodging-,
house above contains 21 rooms and bath; rent
low at $125 oer month; mortgage, 59000. can
remain.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS LOT.
Easterly line of Stockton St., 107 feet south
of Sacramento.: lot 30x80 through to Brooklyn
alley; the owner of this property has plans
for building which will cost *16,0OO with
prospective tenant that will pay *2CO per
month for same; these plans may b« secured
hy the purchaser of this lot.
TEHAMA -STREET FLATS.
No 26S Tehama St.. east of 4th st.; lot 25xS0
feet: improvements consist of 6 tenement flats
containing 3-4 rooms each; foundation in nr"J:
clars condition: rent ?02 p«r month;. J230W
Hlbemla Bank can remain.
MISSION COTTAGE.
NW. cor. of Church and Cumberland sts..
facing new Mission Park; lot 64:8x105: im-
provements a beautiful modern cottage con-
taining 5 rooms and bath: absolutely new
plumbing; bay windows: modern in every re-
spect; mortgage of 1270O can remain; title
guaranteed; rented very low at $20 per month.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 91."> Florida St., S. of 21st; Improvements
co#*ist of modern cottage containing 5 rooms
and bath: hl.sh basement; mortgage $1100 at
tt ner cent can remain: built about 6 years;
rent $25.
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 315, 317. 319, 321. 32:5., 323 San Jose
ave.. north of 2eth st.. through to Poplar ave. ;
large lot. 32:6x90 fe«t; Improvements consist
of 6 modern flats containing 4 rooms each;
separate entrances for each flat: brick founda-
tion; building substantially built; mortgage of
$3C00 can -remain: bona fide rents $71 50
per month; could be increased; guaranteed
Utlc.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
" We«t line of Church at.. 75 feet north of
21st: lot S7xl0S feet; street work all done;
commands a beautiful view
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
No. 0 Gaven placf, oft Greenwich, bet. Mont-
gomery ave. and Powell st.: lot 25x47:6 feet;
Improvements consist of 4 flats and cellar for
each; 4, 4. 4. 5 rooms; rents $S, $9, $9. $10;
total, $.'{0 per month.
SAN FRANCISCO PROPERTIES LOCATED
IN THE SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO AND
HOMESTEAD ASSOCIATION. SOLD TO
CLOSE THE ESTATE OF J. B. PAINTER.
No. 1.
Lots Ncs. 3 and 14, in block 196; 75x100 feet
each as per diagram.
No. 2.
Lots 6, 7, 10 and 11. in block 399, as per
diagram; 70x100 feet each.
No. 3.
Lots 8. 9 and 13. In block 156. as per dia-
gram; 75x100 feet each.
No. 4.
Lots, I. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 13. 16. in block 270.
as per diagram; 75x100 feet each.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO.,
63S MARKET STREET.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
•5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$82,500.
Not far from Eddy and Taylor; '
¦ Over 11. W0 square feet:
Extra fine frontage and depth;
On a level from Market st. ;
Not a better site for a family hotel or
apartment-bouse.
BROADWAY CORNER.
J3C0 A FOOT.
Finest residence district In the city;-
Cheapest lot in that vicinity.
FILB ERT- STR E*ET LOT.
28 x 120.
TWO FRONTAGES;
ONLY $1800.
Street gewered and hi tu mini zed:
Electric cars half a block away.
ONLY $8500.
Fine, modern residence, 9 rooms and hath:
finished basement, heater, etc; grand view;
swell location; large key lot, equal to a cor-
ner; every room aunny; an ideal home; Brod-
erlck St.. near Golden Gate ave.
?14.50O.
Elegant Pacific Heights residence: 12 rooms.
2 baths: all the very latest Improvements;
hardwood finish, beamed ceilings; marine
view that cannot be obstructed: near Broad-
way and Fillmore. For particulars apply to
THORNE & KILPATRICK,
312 Burn St.
$1.23 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots la "the
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level; no
grading to do; ready to build your little bom*
»n; close to electric cars and school. -
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room i.
$12.000— NOT yet completed; rents $1320 per
year; 3 marine-view Hats; N. line (ireen st..
1S64-C6-G8 Green St.. E. Laguna: every roam
is and will be sunny; every possible latest
improvement. Apply at the premises from
2 to 5; lot 25x137:6.
$1**0 — NEW cottage. 5 r. and b. ; San Jose ave.
42330 — New cottage, A r. and b. ; San Jose ave.
$2600 — New cottage, 7 r. and b. ; 3an Jose ave.
Small payment down, balance like rent.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 8303 Mission st.
$1200— COTTAGE 4 rooms: lot 25x125; lsVfeet
from Guerrero-st. cars: $250 cash, balance $15
per month. MISSION REALTY CO., 2
Twenty-ninth et.
BUILD ycur unimproved realty; w* loan full
cost irnprov. and part lot at 0%. MANUAL
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
FINE cor.. 75x80, nr. Market st. ; 6 blocks
west City Hall. Room 217. Parrott building.
ALL work guaranteed first class hy ALH*
BACH A MAYER. Plumbers. 830 Howard st.
KE.U, ESTATE Cnnntrr For Si»lf.
A — FOR sale — 750 acres alfalfa land, all under
irrigation nnd fenced; 1050 acres grain land,
will be under irrigation In about a year;
all consists of the number of 1800 acres;
call for information. MATT I. SULLIVAN.
610 Parrott bldg., San Francisco, or JOHN
F. LASSING. ranch, 6 miles south of New-
man, California.
GREAT bargain — Rich, irrigated f arras: big
canal: free water right; very cheap; easr
terms; homeseeker'e opportunity. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. 64S Market st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchard*.
vtneyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 045
Market st.
POULTRY farms; small tracts; Sonoma Coun-
ty: \i cash: fare from San Francisco, $1 Oft.
PETERS A. BAINES. 116 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in thj
Un'ted Ptates or Canada one year for $1.
POINT RICHMOND HEAL ESTATE.
LAST chance — $5 monthly;. lots any tract; first
price, first choice; near sites bought for fac-
torles. etc. A. W. BELL. 211 Montgy.. 3. F*.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE a delightful trip to-day— Go to Mill
Valley; see the lots right at the station we
are jelling so fart.
Prices $400 to $800 each.
Terms 10 per cent cash; balance $10 monthly.
All the lots are large; none less than 50x120;
grand home sites amid pleasant surroundings;
beautiful views of mountains and bay; tha cli-
mate unequaled: splendid opportunity for an
investment: land values bound to Increase, as
Mill Valfey is rapidly coming to the 'front:
the new electric road has shortened the time
to 40 minutes from the city; Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; fine supply of
pure mountain water, good sewerage and
drainage, electric lights, stores, churches and
schools and in fact, all conveniences; lots
beautifully wooded; send for our new Illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley. Agents
on ground Sunday. LYON A HOAG,
¦ • , 116 Montgomery at.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good Na 2 Remington. No. I
Emlth Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and. lower prices; rentals $2 SO. The
Typewriting Exchange. S36 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. ft M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. ' • • ., • » --;'.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co^ 60S Market
L ?t1a r i7 A E ha o <1 * I^ lnt t <1 %£**? witbfthahiii
0^.- fe S t rmy Ma 8 r.%. S^ day '
S^r > e^h7ri Ja h l In l !?T-^ * ClTCUlar brand and
CO. 107 Tenth et belonglng t0 SWIFT &
X^Jtlo!?w52? M £ : $ ook: cont "«« n» value «x-
Reward for
LAPITCHE3 FOB H-IB-IL
J-Z^r McNEILL. LAUNCH CO.. footcTciaV
«t.; for pleasure and business ; teL BuVh 834.
J 'l£ iC *"JJ«^, UnCh K £?- Un »°n-«t. wharf :boat-
»nc & >ifurgions. fj Steuart B t.: tel. John 26S8.
MATBIMOOTAjr,.
GENTLEMAN <S5) deslreTTT^ake acqualnt-
MEDICAL.
LADIES deelrlng safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; rny method,
are patnleM and reliable; no faHuresrno , «-
VICp n VRV^. AND AD-
f. i r t 5 : l4 Y. ean "perlence in all
-£?\. e d j Rorder »: call or write. DR. WHITE
.02 Market at., rooroe 7 and 8. • QAi *'.
MIIS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all femal.
compl, nts and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 82B Post st.
MRS DR. KOHL, reliable •peciallst for all f.-
roaU trouble, and Irregularltle.; lnitant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SH Market St.. opp. auL
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femal.
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
cate helped; the moet difficult cases treated-
advice tree. Office. 1018 Market st.
Dm. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Vaa~Nese--Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: lnst. relief-
treatment HO; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
"EZE-MENSA" cures Irregularities in three
days; $1 per bottle; $1 25 by express. CEX-
TURY REMEDY CO.. 405 Montgomery st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market-Reliable ladles 7
•peclaiist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises. Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth st.. bet. Geary and O'FarrelL
~ yl £l Kn ? l T Y Villa — Secluded: confidential
DR. EMILIA FUNKE. 141C Sth St.. Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HE-RBS*;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. Dr. SYLVESTER. 21» Kearny st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2305 Folscm St.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTOX. 305 Kearny it.
MISCELLAXEOC8 FOR SALE-
BOILERS, engines. IM-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH A. WOLPMAN. Ii<5-1!>7 Fremont st.
STANDARD oil rig. tully equipped, and 1500
feet of casing. 11% in. to 7% In.; also 1300
feet of 8 and 6 Inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars GAFFEY & MAHON, 505 Cali-
fornia st.
DCiCii YOUU HOOF LEAK?
Repair ;t with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; bc*t for new roof*.
ELATKKITK HOOF1XG CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pullejs. «haftlng. etc.. etc.. bought. sold.
rented «ci exchanged; Bee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-1J2 Beale St.
PAINT your nld and new rnetal and shingle
roofs with Asb-Etos Roof Taint; guaranteed
to «top all leaks in the one and preserva in*
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 142S.
MUST sell, parties going north, automobile
with trailer: good for camping out. WIL-
LIAM XV. YVEOER. s«uth-?ast cor. Delaware
Et. and San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
A — FINE suits, >7 60; <!resa pants. $2 Si>. Orig-
inal Mis-fit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, tells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW. 253-255 tpear et.
GENT'S full £res«. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
eults to rent at LJCHTENSTEIN BROS..
25 Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
email weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Etocktcn st.
J. COOPER. £er.fs full-dregs rental parlors,
moved Irutn Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton
ct.. upstairs.
ALTERATION rale— Best $2 50 hats. »1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Plat; open to 0 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at (1 and Jl 50 pair;
foot-fcrm shoes at $2 60; »3 pay express
charges. 11 3d tt.. Exam, fcld.: catalog free.
BOOTBLACK stand for sale. Apply 110
Turk st.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mkt. Tel. Bush 858.
RUBBER-TIRE baby buggy, with a parasol;
almost new; $5. 1S22 McAllister st.
BRITANN'ICA Kncyclopaedia, latest edition. 31
vols. KING'S, 61 McAllister et., nr. Market.
LAUNCH; ha'.f cabin; new Racine engine. Ad-
dress 14C5 Park i»t.. Alameda.
A PAIR of 54-in.xlfi-ft. boilers, % ehell; half
cost. B. D. BURNS. 318 Bush st.
FOR eale — 1 elegant 60-light electric hath cab-
inet; reasonable. Electric Worke. 227 Ellis ft.
DIAMOND rings. $1 per week; no references
required. REED. 91 Crocker building.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupl.
moved to 786 Mission et.
SECOND-HAND safe*. $55; 60-inch desk. $27^
RICHARDSON BROS.. IS16 Market st.
IMPROVED Wood printing presaes. gasolln»
engl.ies. Boyer Machine Works. 46 Spear st.
ROUND campinc tents for sale; cheap: sorna
new; 16x16. 318 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
A£K for prices ca second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. OAR1N. 803 Hayward bldg.
EAFES and cash register*, new und second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market Et.
HOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
! 12 h p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING picture?, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains, nullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
0 CO.. 122 Market st. • ___
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
¦ 11 >lre» .T V. DOAK 4ft Fr<"nort «t.
"~ "~ ? II _ SCKI * I ' A:V I: °" 9 WA ;jVrS '
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dla-
gtocktoc st. .
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pars th«
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building In JO days. Office- and
yard N. W. corner Mlsulon and Tenth «ts.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; C50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.: tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought. *old and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission: phone Bush 467.
SHOES wanted: mUflt & caMoff: highest prcsi
n.w ft *M-r-nn>1 fhn"» t«r «»!"¦ 740 Ml««1"n.
MOXBV TO Jf^j^il^^^.^^
A A A— HERMAN MURPHY.
001-002-003 Examiner Building.
Quirk settlements; no dUnppolntments.
Sav» expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trufct.
•tc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Montr
See HERMAN MURPHT.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage. *>n real estate or *
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particular*
cf property or chattels.
Location, etc
. ¦: » Box 408. Call office.
LOWEST BANK RATE. ~ "
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates in probate, undivided interest In
estates, assignments of rents, etc.. at lowest
rate of Interest.
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
AT lowest rates on furniture and planoe: strict
privacy. -no commission .-installments accepted.
BONELLL 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
t^^^PiiF 51 HAVE ilRiWI 0T MERCHANDISE
| FREE 1 1 FREE |
As an inducement to Want Advertisers to test
the pulling power of our Classified Columns,
A FINE NUT SET
NUT PICKS AND CRACK.
Consisting of Six Highly Plated Steel Picks and One Crack, will be
given Free, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, to Want
Advertisers in Next Sunday's Call.
m
i f
Premiums can be obtained by presentinR advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third stre«ts;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
I 1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. nx
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:20 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth;- open until 9 p. m.
II 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. «m==a»
"^ 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second mid -Kentucky, streets; open until 9 p.m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. l • '
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway ....Telephone Main 108S
' BERKELEY OFFICE:
214S Center Street ..Telephone North 77
f ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park StreetTO ARRIVE. >
Movements of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
DIES AFTER AN OPERATION. — Anni»
Scow, a v.ldow residing at 2V> Fifth str-et.
died yrst-r.lay at Mount Zion Hospital from
septic pneumonia superinduced by «a Ule<a*
«(fitraUoa. .__ .-
Exports for the Orient.
The steamer China sailed yesterday for
Hongkong via Honolulu and Yokohama with a
general, merchandise* cargo, valued at $283,235
exclusive oi treasure, to be distributed as rol-
Returns to Port Leaking.
The echooner Glen. Captain Colstrup. which
left here May 12 .for, Mendocino. returned to
port yesterday, leaking. The leak was discov
ered May 18, when the Glen was about 100
miles west-northwest of this port. It was
caused by the schooner's heavy laboring in a
fctltC northwester.
¦ '- v '*',¦;
Chinese Emigrant!* for Tramvnal.
TIENTSIN. May 19. — William
Forbes & Co. will send the first ship
ment of Chinese emigrants from North
China to the Transvaal on June 8.
NEWS OF TILE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest . to , Mariners and
Shi pplng Merchants.
The French bark Helen Is chartered for
wheat and flour to Europe at 16s Cd; French
ship Laennec (at Portland), wheat thence to
Europe at 10s 3d. . or flour to Cape Town at
20i>. and not as previously reported.
The bark Edward May loads general cargo
here for Honolulu and Maka well.
FRIDAY. MAY 20.
| ; ¦
Sun rises 4*5S
Sun set* 7;i7
Moon rets 11:50 p. m.
O JTIme Prime") jTln« ITIme!
: 2. Ft. f 1 Ft. I Ft. rt
; ° '» W |L> W| |H W I L Wl
20 2:16 5.11 »:1<m — O.ll 4:.T0 4.7F 9-42 TT
21 3:21' 4.MO:12 0.2 3:22 4.911 loo
22 4:40 4,«<ll:12 -0.7 B:1.1 6 2'
L W II W I, W h"w
21 0:UV 22 »'.:07 4.2 l'JU2 1.1 7-o~ B4
24 1:20 1.5 7:1TU 4.3 1:11 1.4 7:50 B«
25 2:12 1.0 S:40| 4.5 2:0» 1.6 *rs\ r«
20 3:041 0.3 9:47j 4.tjj 2:43 . 2.1[ 0:*o[ 5.9
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the leit
hard column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time- th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
i day. except when there are but three tides u
! "^.'V™*" 0< * :ur9 ' Tne heights Riven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey chart*, except when a minus «— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
1 t 5 e .l ha^ u - T , he pUbe ot reference is the mean
'cf the lower low waters. . _ . . * a
Time Ball.
Branch HydrograpMc Office. V. B. N.. Mer
«-hant«* Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
May 19. 1904.
The Time Ball was rot rfropped to-day.
Noon signal fall to trip mechanism.
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Changes In Commands.
Captain Nopander has resumed command of
the steamship Urn at Ilia. Captain . Patterson,
who has been in charge of the Umatllla since
Nopander was transferred to the Spokane, re
places Nopander on the last named - vessel.
Captain Jacobs succeeds Captain Ahlln In com
mand of the steamer Pomo. Captain Fry hRS
been zuccceeded on the schooner Aloha by
Captain Butenshon.. Captain Mellberjr succeeds
Captain Huhs on the schooner C.?T. Hill. Cap
tain Huhs taking Captain Hansen's place on
th» schooner John F. Miller. Captain Panzer
now commands the steamer Gualala in place
of Captain Hansen. |
Steamer. For. J Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports.lMay 21
J. Dollar Valdez A Seward 'May 2;'
Dolphin.* -jSlcasway & Way Ports. May 21
Nome City jNome May ¦-".".
City Seattle... l Sfcagway A Way Ports. May 28
Cottage City..) Skagway. A Wav Ports. May 2N
Farallon iSkasway & Way Ports. May 29
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time end Height ot High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Franciscu
m Bay. Published by official authority of the
¦ Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
th* city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: th« height
of tide is the same at both places.
San Joan's Passengers Land.
The Paclfle Mall Company's steamship San
Juan, which arrived Wednesday night from
Paramo, and way ports, was released from
quarantine yesterday morning. Her passengers
were taken to the Pacific Mail wharf on a
tug. the San Juan not docking until after the
departure of the China, In the afternoon.
The San Juan brought 1560 tons of cargo,
treasure valued at $88titi and thirty-six passen
gers. Among the passengers were the follow
ing:
Miss Helen Brlgham, William Trafger. Miss
Concepcion Araujo, F. Moreno, J. J. Rudden,
M. Araujo, Miss V. Boza. Gustavo Baron,
Bertram Hunt, Mrs. M. de Araujo. -A. 'Moreno,
S. Moran, Rev. R. Aparlcio and Manuel Czner
wir.sky. ¦ * , .
Short of Water.
Th* British ship Glenburn, bound to this port
from Liverpool, has put Into Sydney short of
water. Her decks also require caulking. The
Glenburn left Liverpool 124 days ago.
« — — — . . . .
Water Front Aotcs.
The United States Coast and Geodetic Sur
vey steamer McArthur. Captain Rlttcr, sailed
yesterday for Seattle.
The schooner Muriel, which arrived yesterday
at Redondo from Grays Harbor, made the run
in six days. This Is considered a smart pas
page.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Cu
racao sailed May 18 from Guaymas for this
port.
The army transport Buford-left Nagasaki
liny IS for this port • by way of Honolulu.
The steamer Noyo, towing the dismasted
barkentlne Gardiner City from San Pedro to
this port, put into Port Harford yesterday for
water and coal." . : '
The Overdue List.
The rate of reinsurance on the British bark
Pltcalrn'. Island was advanced yesterday to 30
per cent. The other overdues are quoted as
follows: Lamorna, 90 per cent; lima and Ley
land Bros., 10 per cent: Conemaugh, 85 per
cent.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY. MAY 39.
Julia Craren (wife) to Peter Craven lot on
N line of Oak street. 82:6 E of Octavla B
27:8 by N 120; $10. '
Emma G. Butler and estate of Horatio S
dates to Henri Marx, lot on S line of Geary
street. 157:6 E of Flllmore, E 2:6 by S 1376
$10. " '
Henri and L*na Marx to Daniel T Cole lot
on 8 line of Geary street. 182:8 B of Flllmore
E 2:6 by S 137:6; $10. '
Robert Mehegan to A. B. Ambler, lot on S
lino of Pine street. 131:3 W of Flllmore W
25 by S 127:8; $10. '
Alexander J. and Lottls D. Wilson to same
sarn*; $10. '
Catherine Molloy to Joanna Hegarty lot on
S line of Waller street, 176:3 W of Scott w
SO by S 110; $10. 8COtt ' "
John 8. Mlchaud (Roman Catholic 'Bishop of
Burlington, \ t.) and Joanna Hegarty to Han
n&h Earry. same; $10. " lo " an "
< Mary A. Gennlnger to Albert C. DIericx lot
on W line of De Long avenue. 490 6 of Fred
erick street. S 25 by W SO; $10.
Isaac and Emily Ellaser to Robert MIMlzan
lot on W line of Cole street, ZOO N of Fell v
25 by W 103:l#: $10. '* N
Louise D, Evadne. Howard and' John C
Brtckell to Edwin E. and Carrie L. Parker lot
on W line of Cherry street. 40 S of Cla'y S
33 by W 1G5:4; $10. y ' a
City and County of San Francisco to A P
Hotaling& Co. (corporation), lot on SE line
of Howard street, 100 SW of Twelfth SW 75
by BB l.:7:C: $ .
Catherine Cooney to James \F. Smith, lot on
W corner of Doc»- and Brannan streets. SW
25 by NW 78:10fS10.
Henry and Alice Kahn to Stuart HIght. lo'
on E line of Dolores street, (53:8 S of Fifteenth*
S 25 by E 148; $10.
Daniel D. Hurley to Charles E. and Mary A.
Got*, lot on W line of Mission street, 70 S of
Seventeenth. S SO by W 81; $10,
Anna C. Rlnes (by Murray F. Vandal!, Com
miesloner) to John H. Brunnings, lot com
mencing 110 SE of Market street and 180:8
from NE <*>rner of Sixteenth and Market \E
Sl:fi'/i. S SI:4\. W 50:3. NW :J6; .*i00O. ' ¦*
Jacob apd Ecrtha G. Welssbein to Walter J.
Noonan. k>t on N line of Twenty-fourth street
125 E of Douglass. E 25:10 by N 114; $10.
George D. and Ada M. - Shad bu me to Algot
K. Larson, lot on S line of Twenty-third street
330 E of Castro. S 114 by E 25: $10
Hugh J. and Etta 8. Williams to David
I>ewis, lot on S line of Twenty-third street
£35 W of Castro, W 25 by S 114; $900.
Ellen E. Robinson to Randolph C. Surbrldge,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 19.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 4.J hours from
San DIeto and way ports.
Stmr Rival, Fosen, 9 hours from Bowens
landing, bound for San Pedro, put In for
two barses.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn, Johnson. 7 hours from
Port Rodeers.
• Stmr Point Arena. Miller, 14 hours from
Merdocino, via Point Arena.
Stmr Montara. Reilly, 85 hours from Se
atlle.
Stmr Gualala, Hansen. 14 hours from Albion.
CLEARED.
Stmr J. S. Higglns, Hlgglna, 16 hours from
Cleone. bound south, put in to land passen-
C e rs.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorgenscn, 41 hours from San
Pedro.
¦ Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 15 hours from Caspar,
bound south, put in to land passengers.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen. 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr George W. Elder. Randall. 62 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 44 hours.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland. 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Despatch, Levinson, 7R hours from Col
umbia River, bound south, put in for fuel.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. "i hours from Monte
rey and wny norts. ¦
Bktn. Amelia, Wilier, 40 hours from Eureka.
Bktn Hawaii, McLeod, 16 days from Eleele.
S<-hr A. J. West, Gruner, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Esther Buhne, Olsen. 3 days from
>Coos Bay.
Schr Ivy, Llndqulst. 4 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtola, 2S hours from
Eureka.
f-'chr Ida ¦ A, Campbell, fi hours from ¦ Point
Reyes.
Thursday, May IB.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Albert, San Pedro; P C
S S Co.
Stmr Spokane, Patterson, Eureka; P C S S
Co. :
Stmr China, Friele. Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu: PC M S S Co.
Ger stmr Serapls. Rlchert, Seattle and ports;
J.^D. Ssreckels Bros. & Co.
Schr General Banning. Bcnnewltz. Mazat
lan; William Olsen
Schr Eric. Jorgensen, Santa Rosalia; Com
pany df Bollo.
- Schr H. C. Wright. Nielson, Mahukona; the
Charlee Nelson Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. May 19.
U S stmr McArthur. Ritter. Seattle.
Stmr James S. Higgins, Higglns. Redondo.
Stmr Ilwaco. I^fflngwell. Pigeon Point.^
Ptrar F. A. Kilburn. Jahnsen, Port Rodlprs.
,. Stmr State of California, Thomas. San Diego
and way ports.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts, San Pedro and
way ports. .
Stmr t Samoa, Madsen, San Pedro* ~-^
Steamer. [ Destination. Sails. Pier.
May 80.
Nome City. . Nome via Seattle. . 10 am Pier 18
San Pedro.. Loa Angeles- Ports. 4 pm'Pler 2
Iaqua Humboldt 10 am! Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm'Pler 19
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports.. 10 am {Pier 10
Umatllla PugetSound Ports. 11 am'Pler 9
Hay 21. |
Chehalls....] Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Argo ;F.el River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Rainier 'Seattle t. BTghatn 4 pm Pier 10
S. Barbara.. Seattle A'Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Peru : N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 4O
Portland.... 'Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pier 20
May 83. I
Pomona.... i Humboldt l:30p'Pler 9
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder Astoria «c Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 33. [
Arcata Coes B & Pt. Orfd 12 mJPler 13
Eurexa Humboldt 12 m Pier 1-1
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 5 pm|PIer 20
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier It
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. & pm Pier 20
May 34.
S.Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 12 mPler 3
May 25. |
Spokane.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Sequoia Willapa Harbor 12 m Pier 2O
Hermonthls. Hamburg & Way..| 2 pra Pier 18
Senator Nome via P. irna'll am'Pler 9
I May 36. i I
State of Cal.! San Diego ft Way. 9 amlPier 11
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPler '£
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pl?r 10
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm!Pler 7
•' May 37. I
S. Cna San Pedro & Way. 1, 9 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt I 5 pm|Pler 2O
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 38. I
San Juan.. X. T. via Panama. 112 m Pier 40
Nevadan.... I Hono. ' & Kahulul.l 3 pmiPter 18
IMay 39. I
Tahiti direct Ill am Pier T
May 30. I |
Puget Sound Ports. ill amiPier 9
Seattle &. Tacoma. I 5 pmjPier 20
Steamer. 1 From. j Due.
Lakme [ San Pedro /May C»
Arlzonan New York .'May 2©
San Juan New York via Panama, May -i»
Centennial. . . . Seattle A Tacoma ' May 20
.Alliance Portland & Way Ports.] May. 2f>
Ctarina Coos Bay . . / [May art
Arcata Coos Bay £ Pt. Oxford. !May 2i»
SanPedro.... HumboMt ! May 20
Centralta j Or3vs Harbor ..; IMay 2»
Pomona Humboldt JMay 20
Bonita ; Newport A Way Ports. JMay 20
Eliz£b«th .'Coqullle Kiver 'May 21
Chehalls [ San Pedro May :i
Mariposa I Tahiti (May 21
Hermonthis...; Seattle May 2X
Senator ! Puget Sound Ports :May 21
Eureka ! Humboldt 'May 2t
Arctic I Humboldt 'May 23
Chlco 'Portland * Astoria :May 2-
Del Nott* ! Cr?scent City IMay 22
City Peking. . i New Tork via Panama. ,'May 23
G. Llndauer. ..¦ Grays Harbor .'May Zi
Sequoia (Willapa Harbor IMsy V3
Spokane I Humboldt .'{May 23
Nevadan ¦ Honolulu & Kahulu1...IMay 23
State of Cal... 'Pan Diego & Way Pts.lMaySI
S.Monica Gray* Harbor |May24~
Pomo Point Arena * Albion.. May 24
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Porta. May 24
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma ...... May 24
North Fork... Humboldt May 24
Columbia Portland & Astoria May 24
Argo Eel River Ports iMay 2!»
Point Arena.. Mendocino A Pt. Arena. IMay 2S
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports! May 2R
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports. ...IMay 2«
City Sydney... New York via Panama. May 28
Curacao Mexican Ports I May 27
Siberia China & Japan IMay IS
G W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria [May 29
1 SCHOONER GLEN. WHICH RE
TURNED TO PORT YESTERDAY
IN A LEAKING CONDITION.
lows: For Japan. ?138,233; China. $114,153;
Manila. ?3522: East Indies, 52756; Korea,
$3210; Siam. $628; Aden. Arabia, $103; Hono
lulu. $800. The leading exports were as fol
lows:
To Japan — 35.1 bbls flour, 4295 cs condensed
milk. 200 cs assorted canned goods, 2799 gals
wine. 15 cs whisky, 21.43D lbs sugar, BOO cs
alcohol. 63::4 lbs butter. 200 lbs coffee. 15 pkgs
j,rovlslon». 20 pkgs paste, 6S4 lbs chocolate. 124
pkgJ table preparations. 1509 lbs ham and ba
con, 620 lbs codfish, 1015 lbs meals, 100C lbs
lard, 475 lbs dried fruit. 290 lbs 2 cs raisins.
30 ctls barley. 1900 lbs bran. 20 ctls oats. «S
bales bay, 4112 steel rails 2 car bodies, 197
pkg* machinery, 1 03.570 lbs tan bark, 5.J pkgs
electrical material. 70 flasks ammonia, 89 bales
duck. 24 pkss dry goods. 477 rolls 9 cs leather.
79 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 4t pkgs drugs
and sundries. 7 cs boots and shoes, 2S pkgs
agricultural Implements^ 375 pkgs roofing. 2H
pkgs plumbing material, 35.248 lbs pig lead, 17
pkp3 soap.
To China — 3398 bbl9 flour, 11,562 lbs ham
nnd bacon. 11.925 lbs 2S cs cheese, 35.447 lbs
dried fish. 194 pkgs Rroceries and revision*. 7C
pkgs fresh fruits. r.f>04 lbs sugar, 1(00 *e* assort
ed canned goods. (U."> cs condensed milk. 72 cs
canned salmon, 500 lbs oleomargarine, 206 ctls
oats. 750 lbs ralfins. 217 pkgs table prepara
tions, 6629 lbs. 17 cs meals. 104 gals brandy.
25S3 pals 20s cs wine. 5S cs liquors 85 cs whis
ky, 10 cs gin. 5050 Ib3 pearl barley 53C0 lbs
dried peas. C2i lbs nuts. 1;J15 lbs .s cs dried
fruit. B670 lbs beans. 1375 lbs coffee. 12 cs
brend. 570 lbs 2 cs chocolate fi cs honey. fiS3
cs clKarettes. 87 bi» soap, C, cs .luck, « cs arms
and ammunition, 17 ca cotton domestics, 4 cs
boota and shoes. 14 pkgs bicycles and sundries.
23 pkgs sewing machines. 7 pkgs electrical
supplies. 300 rolls roofing, 95 pkgs paints. 36 cs
nails. 19 pkga drugs and sundries 73 rolls 1 cs
leather. 138 pkgs dry goods. 119 pkgs ma
chinery. «
To Manila — SI pkga wire. 0 bales rubber
hose. 4 pkgs dry goods. 12 pkgs paper, 1 pky
machinery, 12 cs boots and ehoes, 1 bicycle.
To East Indies— K> half bbls beef. 450 gals
wine. 293 cs assorted canned goods. 64 cs
canred salmon, 240 lbs nuts. 1250 lbs 7 cs dried
fruit. 15 pkgs groceries and provisions. 04 cs
malted milk.
To Korea — 1079 lbs butter. 14S0 lbs meals,
400 lbs migar. 590 lbs bread, 5 pkgrs groceries,
415 lbs deled fruit. 4" cs assorted canned goods,
40O cs condensed milk, 5 pkgs dry goods, 4 pkgs
electrical supplies. •
To Siam — 37 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1
cs paints. 1 pKg machinery, 1 cs ammunition,
1 cs' dry goeds.
¦ To Aden, Arabia — 21 cs canned fruit and 10
cs canned salmon.
To Honolulu — 26 pkgs naval stores.
It was nearly 2 o'clock yesterday
afternoon before the Pacific Mail Com
pany's liner China, bound for the
Orient, cast off her lines and started
the voyage scheduled to begin at 1
o'clock. Waiting for the "office mail"
was given as the reason for the delay.
The arrival of this "office mail" is one
ot the star features of the departure
of Pacific Mail boats. It is alway3
last to arrive and usually late. It
is sent to the wharf in a light wai?on
drawn bv a sleek white horse. From
the Pacific Mail Company's office to
the dock gate and half way down the
wharf this white horse ambles at a
dignified gait, which all the urging of
Driver Burns cannot change. The
white horne is interested in the un
usual and if. never in such a hurry
that ilio cannot stop and study such
IK-culiariiies as. may be encountered on
the trip from office to wharf. He likes
to sample the- hay on passing truck3,
is extremely sociable, never passing ;i
fiiend vvthout a solicitous neigh or
two, and loves to poke his -snow- white
nose . in every watering trough along
the route.
When half way down the wharf,
however, Blanco wakes up. He
knows that crowded liner is awaiting
the canvas bags in the wagon behind
h'm and he knows that wall of wait
ing people must open. up and give him
and his wagon a clear road to the
gangway.
"Out of the way, there!" yells
Driver Burns.
Up goes Blanco's head. The amble
changes to a frantic gallop and when
Burns cries "whoa" there is white
foam dripping from Blanco's mouth.
The China carried a large number
of passengers and 3300 tons of cargo,
most of which was for Japan.
Among the passengers were many
United States Government employes
bound for Manila. Those that sailed
on the China included the following:
For Honolulu — George C. Beckley Jr., B. J.
Bloommers. C. Cunha. Mrs. J. S. Ellis and in
fant. Mrs. W. S. Ellis and infant. L. L. Green
well. T. W. Hobron. Chuck Hoy. J. Kalan
ianaole, Mrs. J. Kalantanaole.. Otto Kohlhase,
W. F. LelilBh, F. W. Marotz, Mrs. K. W.
Marotr. H. H. Noble, Mrs. II. H. Noble. Miss
M. O'Neill, M. C. Pacheco. J. Parker, Ton*
Pfong, W. H. Rea, O. J. Richardson. Mies 1.
RL-hardscn. W. E. Rlggs. II. S. Walker.
Yokohama — Dr. A. C. Bernays, Miss T. M.
Bernays, T. Etido, Master P. Gedge. Master V.
CJedge, Lee Vu Heng, Dr. Sen Kawazu, S.
Klshl, C. Maffuleu. S. Xunome, G. Shlba, Y.
Shtma, C. Tamarl. Huntlngton Wilson, Mrs.
Huntlngton Wilson and maid.
Kobe— N. Kataoka, W. D. Stubbs, Miss L.
Stubbs.
.Shangh&i — Captain E. Weber, Miss Graco
Whltmore.
Hongkong — F. C. Arrance, Mrs. F. C.
Arrance and son. Miss B. Barln, George N.
Andereon. L. C. Balz. B. B. Barton, T. W.
Barnett. L. L. Bernheln, Mrs. W. F. Boyle
and infant, W. E. Brldenstine, C. H. Crooks,
Miss M. A. Coville, G. A. Dragoo, H. E. Engle,
Mrs. W. J. Edmonds. A. S. Fluno, M. W. Fox.
Mr*. M. W. Fox, David G. Gunnell. R. K.
Hass, R. J. Hazeltlne, J. J. Hefflngton. Hon.
J. C. Jenkins. Mrs. J. C. Jenkins and family,
F. C. Kennedy, Miss E. C. Klnne, John C
Koch. 15. C. Kocrner, Miss L. M. McElhanon.
William Mustard. Arthur Nelson, A. A.
Nors worthy, R. F. Nyman, Victor Oltman,
Rudolph H. Petersen, F. H. Plnltstaff. Frank
Plttman. Major P. Rigby. J. L. Sible* A. W.
Stiven. B. E. Swem, T. M. Templeton, Mrs. T.
•M. Templeton and child. R. G. Treat. Oscar
TJlex. n. S. Woodhull, J. E. Walther, O. G.
Wolcott, O. M. Zerbe.
Join at Yokohama — G. D. Gregory. Mrs. G.
D. Gregory, E. A. Magie.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson. Mendoclno.
Stmr China. Friele. Honolulu. Yokohama and
• Hongkong.
Stmr Edith. Hall. Tacoma.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn. Coos Bay.
Stmr Robert Dollar. Johnson. Seattle.
Stmr Spokane. Patterson. Eureka.
Stmr Rival. Fosen. San Pedro, with two
barren in tow.
Bark Prussia. Falkman, Port Blakeley.
Schr Jessie Minor, Jorgenson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Eric. Jorgensen, Santa Rosalia.
Schr H. C. Wright, Nielsen. Mahukona.
Schr Conflar.ra, Johnson, Notleys Landing.
Schr San Buenaventura, Lemkc. Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Porao, Jacobs, Point Arena and Al
bion.
Etmr Cocjuille River. Sanford. Crescent City.
POINT LOBOS. May 19. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 2S miles per hour.
RETURNED.
May IP — Schr GIfn. Colstrup. hence May 12.
for Mendoclno on account of springing a leak
May 18. 100 miles WNW of San Francisco, In
a heavy NW gale.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived . May IS— Stmr James
Dollar, from Valdez.-- ¦ .. . i> -• » •
Arrived May 19 — Stmr Humboldt. from Skag
way.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived May IS— Schr
Rio Hey. hence May 13.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed May IS— Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, for Redondo.
EUREKA— Arrived May 19— Stmr West
port, hence May 17. .
Arrived May 19— Stmr Eureka, hence May 18.
Sailed May 19 — Stmrs Alliance and Pomona,
for Sar. Francisco.
Sailed May 19 — Stmr San Pedro, for San
Pedro.
REDOXDO — Arrived May 19— Schr Mary
Dodge, from Eureka.
Arrived May 19 — Schr Muriel, from Grays
Harbor.
TATOOSH— Passed May 19— Stmr Jeanle.
hence May 14. for Seattle: stmr Charles Ne!
scn. from Seattle, for San Pedro.
Passed outward May 19 — Schr William Ol
*en. from Everett, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWXSEND— Sailed May 13— Bktn
Jan<" L. Stanford, for Shanghai; Ger ship
Llsbeth. for U. K.
Arrived May 19 — Nor fhlp Theodor, hencs
May 4.
Arrivid May 19 — Schr Marie E. Smith, hence
May 8.
OLYMPIA— Arrived May 19— Schr Salem,
hence May S.
TACOMA — Arrived May 19 — Stmr Lyra,
from Hongkong; stmr San Mateo, hence May
14.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed May 19— Stmr
Bonita, for San Francisco.
Sailed May 19 — Stmr Acme, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 19— Stmr Chlco, for
San Franclcco.
Arrived May 19— Stmr Whittier. hence May
1C.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived May 19— Echr
Mahukcna. from Redondo.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 19— Nor ship
Theodor. hence May 4.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 19— Bktn Katie
FliekinKer. from Grays Harbor.
Sailed May 19 — Schr James Rolph. for Port
land; schr Beulah. for Umpqua; 'stmr Che
hall?, for San Francisco.
RAX DIEGO^ — Arrived May 19 — Schr W. L.
Smith, from Everett.
BAN DON— Arrived May 19— Schr Berwick,
from Coos Bay.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed May 18— Bktn Benlela.
for Elcele.
Arrived May 19 — Bark W. B. Flint, hence
May 5.
FOREIGN PORTS.'
VICTORIA. B. C— Sailed May IS— Stmr
Senator, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 19 — Br «tmr Princess May, from
West Coast (Alaska).
BRISBANE— Sailed May 18 — Br stmr Moana,
for Vancouver.
ABERDEEN— Sailed May 18— Ger bark
Primus, for Honolulu.
NAGASAKI— Sailed May 18— U S stmr Bu.
ford. for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
SYDNEY— Arrived May IS— Ship A. J. Ful
ler, from Tacoma.
MOJI— Sailed May IS— Nor stmr Terje Viken.
for Port Los Angeles. «
GUAYMAS— Arrived May IS— Stmr Curacao,
hence May 7, and sailed for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived May IS — Ger stmr
Verona, from New York.
PANAMA— Arrived May 8— Stmr City of
Para, hence Apr 16, to sail May 17 for San
Francisco.
COI/ON — Sailed May IS — Stmr Yucatan, for
New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 10— Stmr Hyson,
for Tacorr.a. -
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Arrived May 10— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst, from Mediterranean ports: stmr
Majestic,, fom Liverpool; stmr Rbynland, from
Antwerp.
lot on S line of Twenty-second street. 105 W
I of Caetro. W 75 by S 228; $12CO.
' I>. A. Curtin to same, came; $10.
Giuseppe and Domenlco Oneto to Richard E.
Ravanni, lot on \V line cf Dupont street, 81 S
of Union. S 20 by W 65; $10.
Lee You Kee or Lee You to John J. Qulnn,
lot on NW corner of Clay and Dupont streets,
! N 57 by W 85: $10.
j John J. ?nd Kmma M. Quinn to Thomas D.
! Riordan, undivided half of same; $10.
! Same to same, undivided half of lot on E
! line of Spoffnrd Ftreet 3(i:8 S ot Washington,
i S '16 by E 55: $10.
I Virginia W. Smiley to Lucia M. Lane, undl
( Tided half of lot on E line of Hyde street, 87
S of Clay. S 50:0 by E 112:6; $10. :
Kate Nortcn to John D. Hatch, lot on E line
! of Larkin- street. l.'{7:t$ N of Turk, E 137:6 by
! S 1». Quitclaim deed; $5.
George A. Trimble to Marie M. Blanch, un
i divided half of lot on S line of Harrison etreet,
' 217 :(! E of Third. E 20 by S SO; $10.
Isaac «nd Hattie A. Fried to George T. Da
| vis. lot on W line of Clary street, 200 SW of
I Fifth SW 25 by XW SO; $10.
' 'AVliliam It. Hearst to Phebe A. Hearst, lot
I on SB liC.e of Irwin street. 275 NE of Seventh,
NE 275 by SB 240. SB block 32; $10.
! John W. and Sarah A. Fllnn to John J. and
| Llna Bahrs, lot on XW corner of Eighteenth
i avenue and Clement street. W 32:6 by N 100;
! $io.
! Samuel Longley to Aupust and Hortense
¦ Faure, lot on E line of Second avenue. 200 N
I of Clement street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
i Hind Kstate Company (a. corporation) to Ed
i win H. and Amelia K.' Snell. lot on E line of
1 Fourth avenue, 250 S of Clement street, S 25 by
j E 120: J10.
Caroline V. Black to Solomon Getz, lot on E
line of Eighteenth avenue, 100 N of Point
Lobos N 50 by E l'JS:S; $10.
Isabel W. Melsted to Currier & Mitchell
Company, lot on N line of A street., 57:6 E
of Twelfth avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Elizabeth O'Brien to Joseph P. and Johanna
Hayes, undivided 'i of lot on W line of Eighth
avenue. "25 S of Point Lobos avenue, S 50
by W 120; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to George J.
Giinnel. lot on W line of Firet avenue. 150
S of B street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Albert Meyer to Bernard L. and Michael*
Hallmeyer. lot on N line of I street. 100 W
of Twentieth avenue. W 40 by N 10O; $10.
James A. and Geslnle Rutherford to Ameri
<ju»> B. Deusslns:. lot on E line of Twelfth
avenue, 250 X of I street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
John W. and Georgia A. Caples to Stephen
A. Bern lot on S line of H street, 57:0 E
of Fifth avenue, K 25 by 3 95; $10.
Patrick J. and Jennie M. Kennedy to Peter
McDevltt, lot on W line of Nineteenth avenue,
168 :S N of R street. X 100, NW 120:2. S 100.
NE 120:2; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Twentieth
avenue 217:7 S of Q street, S 100, SE 120:2,
N 100. XW 120:2; $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Nineteenth
avenue 11D:S» N of R street, N 50, NW 120:2,
S 60, SE 120:2; $10.
L. M. Landsborough to Isabella L. Lands
brough. interest In estate of Janet S. Porteous,
Marln County; ?1O.
Kdwln G. and Margaret A. Shafter to Bern
hard Getz. lot on N lin* of Montana street,
300 E of Capitol. E 10O by X 125. lot 6. block
V. Railroad Homestead ; also lot on W line
of Capitol street. 50 S of Minerva. 8 50 by
W 100. block O. same; $10.
W. W. Chase Company (corporation) to E.
P. Swift, undivided }? of lot on NW line of
Delaware street 31S:fl NE of Ocean House
road. NE SO. NW 207:6. SW 80:6. SE 21R; $10.
Anna L. and F. C. Price to Emil C. Medau.
lot r-n E line of Lotta street. 275:0 s ; S of
Parnassus. S 24:11 'i by E 101, lot 17, block C
Surset Heights; $10.
Bernard and Rose Getz to Margaret M.
Atr.sler (wife of Charles S.), lot on N line of
Montana street COO E of Capitol, E 25 by N
125. lot 6. block V. Railroad Homestead; $10.
Same to Terrene- Neenan. lot on N line of
Montana street. 325 E of Capitol. E 25 by N
12?. lot fi. block V, Railroad Homestead As
sociation; 1 10.
Chnrles G. and Rose E. Stuhr to William
H. Noltlng. lot on N line of West Park street,
213:9 E of Holly. E 25 by N 100, lot 64,
block 3, Holly Park: $10.
Mnry J. Conroy to Catherine Conroy, lot
on W line of Fol^om street. 300 N of Nor
wich. N 25 by W 80, Precita Valley 122; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Alfred H. Siegfried (owner) with A. T.
Bpence (contractor), architect Hermann Barth
— All work except painting and plumbing for a
two-Rtory basement and attic frame building
on N line of Vallejo street. 83:6 W of Flll
more, \V 27:C by N 137:6; $7018.
Hermann F. Kcnrad (owner) with L. G.
Eergren (contractor). architect — All work
except grading, survey, mantels, gas fixtures,
nhades and sidewalk for a three-story frame
building (fiats) on W line of Julian avenue,
200 S of Fourteenth street. 20x100; 57404.
¦\Vllhelmlna English (owner) with Eureka
Building "Company (contractors), architect Wil
liam H. Armltage — All work for a three-story
brick hullding to be tied into the brick build
ing to the west and underpinning the east
wall of 6ald building, on W line of Clay Rlley.
R7:6 N of Clay street. N 40. W 68:0. S 20 E
3. S 40 E 65:6; $41C0.
Annie M. Doran (owner) with Joseph F.
Boeddeker (contractor), architect — All
work for an additional flat to make a two
story frame building on NE corner of Eigh
teenth and Mission streets; $2700.
Henri Marx (owner) with H. H. Easter
(contractor), architect XV. O. Hind — All work
for a three-story frame building 1 (flat*) on S
line of Oenry street, 157:6 E of Flllmore, E 25
by S 137:6: $7700.
Henry W. Holle (owner) with S. Saywell
(contractor), architects Martens & Coffey —
All work except plumbing, painting, mantels,
shades and gas fixtures for a two-story frame
building (flatt) on W line of Jones street, 36
S of Pacific. S 24 by W 52:4; $4100.
John H. Brickwedel (owner) with Louis M.
Wetsmann (contractor), architect L. M. Weiss
man — All work except plumbing, gas fitting
and sewering for a two-etory frame building
fflve flats nnd a store) on NE lln« of North
Point and Polk streets, 32:6 on Polk and 87:6
on North Point; $7175.
Same owner with Frank J. Klimm (con
tractor), architects same — Plumbing, gasfltting
and sewering for same; $1150.
Morning 1 Session.
j Cisco and Tonopah Mining- Bxchange yesterday
Continued -From Page Fifteen.
1 2C00%Ksperanza .. 01] SCO Ray & OBrien C6
nOOO Bsperanza ... 01 1100 Rescue ''•>
£000 MacNamsra . 18 200 Ton Kxt»n ..1 10
. 2G00 MncNamara . 20 COO Ton Midway.; 33
t 1C0 Mont Ton ...1 CO
", Afternoon Session.
3CCQ Kaperanua ... 01! 1C> Ton Ex ....I'12'i
I 200 Evelyn 311 MX) Ton <5old M.. 17
1C0O MacNajnaia' . 20J 100 Ton Mldv;ay.. 38
1200 Ray & OBrlrn 0(51
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. May 13—4 p. m.
i Bid.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
1 Alpha 10 12 Justice 10 11
Alta «7 09 Kentuck 02 0:5
I Andes 20 21 Keyes Graes.. —100
1 Helcher 34 35 Lady Wash .. — 1X1
I Best & Belch.l 45 1 €0 Mexican 1 85 1 'JO
1 Bullion OS CDIOccldental . . . 7» SO
Caledonia ... 80 S2!OpbIr 5 T.1 e i!0
Challenge Con 21 24iOverman 34 .15
! Chollar .v IS 20jPotosi 1« IS
Confidence ...1 10 1 20 Scorpion .. 10 14
Con C ft.Va.l 70 1 73 Savage 35 :\7
Con Imperial. 02 OVStg Belcher .. 12 13
Con N Y <tt 04|Siwa Nev ..46 47
Crown Point. 22 23; Silver Hill .. W &7
1 East Sierra N Ot 06;S?t Louis W 10
' Kureka Con.. — 50|Syndlcate ...- "H (18
t Exchequer .. "1 ,':2|Unlon Con .. CS 7>>
j Gould & Ci-.r. 29 Sd litah OS Oi)
i Hale & Norc. fiO fifi I Yellow Jacket. 22 24
! Julia <15 07|
i TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
i Coiehan — 07 Ray Ton 11 15
i Esperanza ... 01 C2 Ray & OBrlen 05 —
: Go!d Anchor. 20 20> Rescue 05 05
I Gold M Con. 02 CSITon Helmont.. C7 CS
! Hannapah ... Cl 03|Ton Exten..l 12>4 1 15
j Jim Butler... 30 — iTou Gold M. 15 17
IJttle Ton .. 25 — ITon of Nev..S 37»4 8 73
I MacNamara . 19 20|Ton N Star... 25 3(1
; M'rtiah Ex .. 10 —Ton Mldwav.. 37 38
i Mont Ton.. I 60 1 l^ilTon A Salt L. l>5 7'>
Paymaster ... 06 10] United Ton ..13 20
Pine Grove . . B0 — \
LINER CHINA CARRIES LARGE CARGO
AND HOST OF PASSENGERS FOR JAPAN
THE FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1904.
COMMERCIAL NEWS!
14
ROOMS TO I.BT— Porn. «n«l Tnfnrn.
' POWELL. ITS — Lsr*«» furnished room for 1 cr
2 gentlerr.cn; rent reasonable.
hoVAL 2Io«»'«. 128 nill»— Incandescent lljjlit*.
n?»<i'.n<r-!-ocni. nT:ol: < .«Sr'' o °ni and ladles' p«r-
. Hr: ro.<>ins »er u'.el't. we to 51 M>^ wee*. Vi
V ., r to fS: month. SS U ?30: elevator en ground
r.oor: r«inr.» with h<-t and cold tratar; Mia*.
' TAVLOR Erf— Front parlor. j.!sn.\ folJlng
• b«-d. couch, etc.. SI0; a!so 2 front house-
Jo-*3'1eje nxmm, $1S; private family.
TP.K ~HT~KATH JtTN. NF. cor. Leaven wr.rth
Pr.ad Elllf — St:rM>rt rooms In the city; new
betel* juft f^rnifhed fre?h and clean; hnlr
ns'trejEc? In every room; «l»o hot and cold
v-atrr. beths. etc.; steam heat throushout;
*!evatcr tervic* and every modern convenl-
«-n<-o; rooms froru S.T p»r week up.
trNTTED FTATHS. 323 Eddy, rear Market-— «00
' - room*. ZT.c to Jl right. *1 7«" to *fl week; elec-
tric SlsV.ts <no cbM. running water In every
. room; cievator.read.-room; Tree bus: Imygaye.
\VINCTir.PTKR Hotel. 44 33 st.. near Marlret—
Mom convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
RSe to $1 tO night: 12 to SS WMk; elevator;
e\rc. lights: reading-room : fre« bus; baggage.
WOLF Hcuse 2G2 Slrth et. — Rooms from lBo
to J! per r.liht ft-.d from t>Oc to <5 per week.
• ADVrRTISUlinXTS. subscriptions received at
<""all bnncb oftlce. cor. Duncan & Cburch st*.
A BRANCH office of T>.e Call for the reception
of advertisement* «nd nubscrijitlons hes been
opened at JOOS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Or-e» urn:; :i p. m.
ItOUMS AM) BOARD.
HOWARD, S41A — Flnrt-dsss board and room. :
eicrle or double. $5-$<J wk.; American family.
noRACIC AMI WAKKHdVSEi.
X^nMrCRn;M Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household roods stored, moved, shipped. 7-S- i
731 Howard «t., nr. Th!rJ; phone Grant 161. j
-A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage, j
" packing. 6blpping warehouse, G. G. scd V«n
Ken; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South 750. j
J PIEnCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. or- ]
fle* Post acd Powell ets.; tel. Prlv. Ex. B7L I
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan- j
. Cise. 333 GoMen Gate ave. ; phone East 128. j
GOLDEN 'West Storage: advance* made. 840 i
• Miss-ion St.; tel. Howard »41. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storciye and Furniture Moving Com- j
pany. 2320 rillmore St.; jhon* Jackson j
EF.KINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
»t. ; tel. Mala 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES. i
*CA SET— Information wanted of WILLIAM.
CASEY, who left Tralee. County Kerry. Ire-
land, about forty-five years zm> and went to
Oaliiornla. He was reported to have d'.ed j
r>ut (Test ebout 20 years ago. leaving con- j
ftfrterable property and that the heirs wer«s j
advertised for. Ar.y Information concerning ]
fcbov* will be gratefully received. Addreps
st Jnwph'F Ho°pi:al, Hxthange and Ninth
r:*.. Pt. I'gul. Mir.r..
SrECIALISTa.
CATARRH. DSAFKESS anJ NOISES in EARS
pofltivelv cured; new methods: 1 week's treat- !
ment free. Dr. Cottlrgharn. "0i Sutt»r st. ;
¦ - - i
Hl'l'I I.ICIXO AXO STAHJIIiHIMi.
MELBOUP.NK Institute. Van Ness & Market.
¦ rromises cure 11 in fair health; hours 1 to !>'.
«¦ — — ' i
LEGAL ADVi:aTIM>Mi:.VT».
tiOTTCK — Office of Insurance Ccmroiesiocfr.
Can Francisco. Cal.. May 11, VJlH — Having
|a«>?rta;n<»d that liie capital Flock of th<?
Vsicn Surety and Guaranty Company lias
l*<!onie lmpait>Kl. and that paid company has |
liocome insolvent «1thin the true Intent and
rceMifnc of the Insurance laws of the State '
of Cahiornia, I have this day revoked i:s j
certificate <>r authority, previously pratited.
as provided in section C<K) of the Political |
CC'de. and notice Is hereby given that Fald
«"osiper!y 1b no ionjrer authorized to trar.sact
the 1iuf:ti«>«« of Insurance within this State.
K. ;iYn^X WOLF. Insur37i<v Covn mission er.
SIAKKIAGE LICENSES.
Tlie followins marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
.i«hn A. Relnerstein, 3S, 72 South Park, and ;
P«lrca J. Rundqurst, 27. 3SO2 Anr.y street.
David KHiner. IT,. 4i:{i. T'»harra Ftreet. and
Emma S«~ti ( >pnfeid. I». KH2 Howard street.
Frank Imhof. 2S*. «2 Cooke street, and Jo>le
St. Bauman, 1^. 433 Pine ftrett.
Henry M. Meyer*. K>, Antloch. and Flora
P/al.cr, 27, city.
EIETHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
- _ —
BirtU. rr.arrta«'> En 1 death notices *ent by
mail will r.ot l»e inserted. They tnu^t be handed
In st either of the cubllcation offices and be
Indorsed w;th the naoe and residence of per-
sens autberlnf-d to have the same published.
Notices restricted slmpiy to the announcement
<X the event are published once in this column
free ct vh»rre.
BORN.
GIMBAL— In this city. May 17. 1P04. to the
wife of Ku^cne n. Gimbal. a daughter.
P"^CHMAN— WEHB— In thtt city. May 19.
9f>4. by the Rev. William Kirk Guthrl*. J.
ohn-JlachmaTi and Virginia Jennings Webb,
oth of this <-ity.
Al.SE— HANSE.V— In this city. May W.
9C«. by the Rev. Taul Branke. Walter
Krai:*e of Osden, Utah, and Annie Hansen
of. this citr.
BEINERTSEN— nUXDQT-EST— In this city,
i'ay 19. liMH. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
f^astor of the First Knplis=h Lutheran Church.
John A. R<-iner:*en and Selma J. Rundquest,
both of this city.
ECHrTT— SCHAEFFER— In this city. May 17.
1904. by the Rev. Paul Urank*-, John Henry
F-hu:t and Little P. Schaefer, both of this
city.
_— __
Barchaw. Dnsa Muller. M»rie
'.Iiishclm. Alexander Nerlch. John
Costa, ApcionU Nieda, P.imondo
I»avls. Anna B. O'Brien, William
iJooley, James < "bujen, Antone
Franke. Paul I'incus Wolf
Hassard, i:lchard Reilly, Mary
Hefiney Mary J. Scow. Annie
Hill. George F. .Shield*. Peter A.
H»od. Charlea H. Stewart. Kath. M.
Hume, Jame* B. Traen. Louis
Jensen, (""hristlan Wagner Henry '.'r
« K«»lly. John P. Walk. Rosabelle
Mwhan, Lawrence Worth, Winnie B.
!!.:;«¦:. Jens Hansen
BARCHAW— In this city. May 19. 1!XH, Emma
Berchaw. a native of* California, aged 4O
years.
CHISHOLM — In Pan Francisco, May 19, 1804,
Alexander Chishclm of Oakland. Cal., hus-
hand of Eliza b*Hh Chisholm. father of Kate.
• Tharley snd Lillle Chirhnlrri, and brother .of
I5aniel Oiisholrn of Haywar^«, Cal.. a na-
tive of Ficf>u, N. S., aged C2 'years 6 months
acd 16 day*.
COSTA— In this city. May 18. 1904. Apolonla
Ckwta. dearly beloved wife of Gennero Costa.
and mother of Leonora, Donate. Raphael, Jo-
seph and Edward Cceta, and the late An-
tonio Costa, a native of Italy, aged M years
and 12 days.
E7Fiiends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the" funeral to-morrow
< Saturday), «t 0:S0 o'clock, from her late
' residence. JOS Valparaiso street, between
Jon»» ar.d Taylor. Interment New Italian
. Cemetery.
" DAVIS— In this city. May 16, 1S04, Anna B
widow cf the late R. D. W. Davis, and
mother of Warren J. Davis of Marinette
Vis., end Mrs. Oeorge E. Carter, a native
of Wlnthrep. Maine.
CTThe funeral win take place to-morrow
at II o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3637 Cley Ftrt-et. Interment private.
DOOLEV— In the City and County Hospital,
iiay 19. 1304. .Tam*s Dooley. a native of
.Australia, aged 41 years.
¦ '-TTlANKE— In this city. May 18, 1994 Paul
• Franke^ beloved husband of Annie Franke
.. ' and father of Lottie Franke a native of
-. Berlin, Germany, ngfd is years. A member
of San Francisco Looge. Woodmen of the
¦" TV. rid. ¦ .:. •
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
! <Fridsy). at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chaptl of the Golden Gate Undertaking Cora'
pan}-. 2475 Mission «rtre*t. near Twenty.flrst
' . ImernxMit I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
< HASPAHD— In Eaft Oakland, Cal., May 19,
FUNERAL MUSIC VOCAL-
Eingei-s supplied for funeral services. £ither
i>olo. duct cr irele quartet furnished at *hort
notice. Hsd much experience. Address m
¦rector. D. M. LAWP.ENCE. C41 Turk streeL
Phone Eaut 107».
[HEPJRY J. CALLACHER CO.
'- - ' <£ucc*»sors to Flancacao & Gallaeber i
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
". Telephone South fiO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. * Funeral Directors and Fmhnlmcn
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
. KOW »t ko« MISSION. Tel. South IC7.
.. Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
•¦., Finert Equipments at Moderate Rates.
> I Jaiaes McGinn. Henry Hansea.
A JAMK3 McCINN & CO..
,1 Fcimerljr With McGinn Bros..'
I — — FunersI Directors and EmbaJmers—
f 2M_E4<iy rt.: Trt. South S7g.
STATEMENT
• OF THE
CONDITION* -*-%'D AFFAIRS
OF THE
CONNECTICUTFIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OP
Connecticut. on the 31st day oJ De-
cember, A. D. 1903. and for the year ending
on that day. as mads to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 62O and 61 1 of th»
Political Code, condensed as per b.an* rur-
mshed by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, cald up
In Cash 3 1.000. 000 00
ASSETS.
R«aJ Eatat. owned by Company. . . *l?=.30O 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages^ . . 1.3J3.23O 00
Cash Market Value of all StocTcs
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3,10. ,649 00
Cash in Company's Office 380 43
Cash In Banks • • »°4, JlS VI
Premiums In du» Course of Col-
lection • • : 23.S31 49
Bills receivable. not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 3.293 19
Total assets •3.172.03d 8»
—
LIABILITIES.
Lowed adjusted and unpaid $57,807 if
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 1BO.1«5. 0»
Losses resisted. Including expenses - 27.633 «U
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $1,827.-
816 fcl»; reinsurance 5O per cent.. 913.908 49
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year. S2. -
1*32,956 64; reinsurance pro rata. 1.571.013 0t
Total liabilities ....$2,730,351 4.%
INCOME. ~—
JCet cash actually received tgr Fire
premiums .$2,880,403 10
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 64.79» 3S
1 Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 124.458 9*
Received for Rents 4.177 68
Received for profits on sale of
Ledger Assets 7.244 59
Total Income «.CS1.O«8 0O
EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~ "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including losses of previous
years) $1,414,629 77
Dividends to Stockholders 100.000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 837.S00 24
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 202.827 64
Paid f.T State. National ar.d Local
Taxes 04.B2S 7»
All other payments and expendi-
tures 197.383 11
Total Expenditures I2.SS7.36S 3.1
=====3
Firs.
Losses Incurred during the year. .$1.429.292 28
Risks acd Premiums. [Fire Risks.] Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year 4261.488.9C7 ?3. 496, 067 OS
Net amount of R!sks
expired during the
year 230.23S.5S3 3.068.100 28
Net amount In force
December 31. 19O.t. . 3S9.447.3gl 4.790.773 S3
J. D. BROWNE. President.
CHARLES R. BURT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 4tfc
day ot January. 1904.
J. H. THATCHER Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, Manager.
COLIN M. BOYD, Agent for San Francisco.
216 Sansome Street
S0HTA6 BROS.. Ciiy Agts., 230 Monigomsry Si.
lPf.4. Richard, beloved husband of Elizabeth
HsRsard. and stepfather of William H.
Fearey and .Mr*. G. fl. Prcseer, a natlv* of
Canada, axed 07 years.
HEE.NET- In this city. May 19. 1JMM. Mary
J.. beloved wife of the late James Ht«;nty,
and mother or Charles R., Thomas J. Hee-
cey. «nd the Ute James nnd Mary Heeney.
a native ot Irelund, aged 72 years.
E7"FrUnd!« and acquaintance* «re respect-
fully invited to Attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday*, at » o'clock, from the parlors «C
the California i:nd*>rtaklng Company. Wo
l'owell street ther.ce to St. Jr>ppph's Churci
at t»:SO o'clock, where a yolemn requiem
high mers will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul. Interment Holy Crors Ceme-
tery.
HILL— In Lop Angeles Cal.. May 19. 1904..
George F. Hill, dearly beloved husband of
SuKan Hill, and beloved father of William
Hill. Mrn. H. Warren. Mre. E. KreUsch-
ir.ar. and Georjro. James and Joseph Hill,
aged «l ye«rs and 3 months.
HOOD— In this city. May 13. 1804, Charles
II.. beloved son «-f Mrs. Emma Hood! and
brother of Frank and Neta Hood, a native
of California, aged 15 year* and 0 months.
CyFiiends and acquaintance* are renpect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from the iMirlora of
Halste'd "& Co.. 04« Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HUME — In Berkeley, May 18. 1904. James
Bunyan Hume, beloved husband of lAiiu. M.
Hume and father of Samuel J. Hume, a
native' of New York. «ged 77 years 3 months
and 23 daym.w
tT Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at th.j
First Presbyterian Church, Fourteenth and
Franklin streets, Oakland.
JENSEN— In Baa Lorenro, Cal.. May 19, 1904.
Christian Jensen, beloved husband of Kirs-
tern Jensen, and father of Mrs. Mada Jen-
ten. Mrs. Minnie Smith and Otto Jensen,
Hfce'd 08 years 7 months and S days. (.New
York and Brookljn papers please copy.)
CJ-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ftiily Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resfr-
d crice at San Lorenzo.
KELLT— In this city. May 18. 1904, John P.
Kelly, beloved brother of Dr. Winifred M.
Byrne, a native of San Francisco, aeed 43
years. 1
JL7"Fr:er.ds and acquaintances are respect-
Ju!ly Invited to attend • the funeral to-day
(Friday), at J»:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral, corner of Van Ness avenue and
O'FarrcJ! stre«-t. where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at J>:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Crots
Cemetery. .
MKEUAN— In this city. May 19, 1904, Law-
rence, dearly beloied husband of Kate Mee-
han. father of John J., William R.. Law-
rence J., Thomas F. and Kat« Meehan.
brother at John J. and I'. J. Meehan and
Mr*. Hugh MoManuF. and uncle of Mr«. W.
1*. OH?, a native of "the parish of Ballagii-
m>»fhsn. County lyeitrlm, Ireland, aged 48
years. A member of Court Independence No.
I'M. F. of A.
&y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9::«) o'clock, from his late
residence, 571 Howard ?trert. thence to St.
Hrt-nJan's Church, where a solemn requiem
high lEa^s will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul. oommeneinR at 10 o'clock. Inter-
¦ ment Holy Crow Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. May 17. 1904. Jens
Hans«-n Miller, beloved lather of Mrs. L.
Lorentzen and Anker Miller, and brother of
Anker Miller, a native of Denmark, aged
&2 years. A member of Helfra No. :i, L>an!a,
anil Pluto Ix)i!ge No. 13i». K. of P., of St.
Helena. tSt. Helena papers please copy.)
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday*, at 2 o'clock, fiom the parlors of
H. P. Peter«f-n. 22s McAllister street. Inter-
ment Cypress I-awn Cemetery, by electric
funeral tar from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
MILLKR— In this city. May IS. 1004, Marie,
beloved wife of the late Herrman L. Mul-
ler. and .devoted mother of Herrman J.
Freda. Carl ar.d the late Caroline Muller. a
native of MeyenberK. Bremen, Germany,
aped 4S years " months and 14 days.
NtRlCli— In Columbia, Tuolumne County,
Cal.. on May 14, l'.t04. John Xerich, a na-
tive of Austria. A member of the Austrian
Benevolent Society of San Francisco.
NIKDA— In the City and County Hospital.
May 1!>. 1&O4, Rlmcndo Nieda, a native of
Austria, aeed <J0 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city. May 19, 1004. William
O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged £14 year3.
OBl'JEX— In this city. May 19. 1904, Antone.
<!ear'.y beloved husband of Mary Obujen, be-
loved ton of Peter and the late Mary Obu-
jen, brother of George. Nick. Bliss, Peter,
«*hri.« and Annie Obujen. Mrs. Mary Talia
nnd Mre. M. Smirak. and son-in-law of G.
B. Celle. a native of Lupod. Daimatla. Aus-
tria, aged 3C years 10 months and II days.
C^Frieids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May 2'J. at 1 o'clock, from his late residence,
iUC-i Vallejo street, between Mason and
Taylor streets. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
riNCL'S— In thi« city. May 19, 1004. Wolf
PincuF. lieloved father «f Emlle Pincus. lire.
Ilenate Samuels and Mrs. D. Abramson of
this ciiy, and Mrs. Sammy Samuels ot Jano-
¦wltz. Pruesia. Germany, a native of Prus-
sia. -Germany, agtd 87 yeare 11 months and
au <"ays.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
REILLY— In this city. May 17. 1904. Mary.
lx-lov<--d wife of the late Michael Rellly, and
mother of Michael T. and Catherine Reilly,
i're. Cosmo de Andries Mrs. James Tap-
I.les and the late John F. and Annie Reilly.
a native of ttandon. County Cork. Ireland,
s K*-d CS years.
CFrlerilfi and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at S:."0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. No. 1<» Vandewater street, thence to
Kt. Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
hl?h Dia«« will be celebrated for the repoee
cf her toul. commencing at » o'clock. Inter-
ment private.
SCOW— In this city. May 19. 1004, Annie, be.
loved mother of Arthur Scow, and sister of
Peter Ankersen. a native of Denmark, aged
Z% years 1 month and 10 days.
SHIELDS— In this city. May 19, 1904. at St.
Mary's Hospital, Peter A. Shields, a native
of New York, aged 57 years. A member of
Lather*' International I'nion Local 65.
STEWART— In this city. May 18, 1904, Kath-
arine M. Stewart, mother of Mrs. James S.
Conwell and Mrs. Walter S. Hyde, a native
of Philadelphia. Pa., aeed r.7 years.
CTFr.ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 51 Sqe etreet. Interment private.
TRAEN— In this city May IS. 1904. Louts
Traen. beloved husband of Elizabeth Traen
a native of Belgium, aged 45 years 10 months
erd 15 days
£v Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-Jay
(Friday). May 20, at ft:15 o'clock, from his
late residence, 916 Thirty-second avenue
Fouth. beteween G and H street3 South,
thence to All Hallows Church, corner Six.
teer.tb avenue and N street South where a
requiem macs will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his poul. commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetry.
WAGNER— In this city, Henry Wagner
father of Dr. H. L. Wagner, aged 79 years
CTlnterment private. Please omit flowers'
WALK— In East Oakland. Cal.. May 19, 1JXM
Rosabelle, beloved wife of Dr J J Walk
daughter of Mr. A. L. Inskeep, and sister oi
Mrs. I. M. Sterling and Profeseor L. D Ins-
keep. a native of Ohio.
WORTH— In this city. May 19, 1804, Winnie
B beloved wife of Charles A. Worth and
mother of Karry C. Worth. Mm. Henry C
Stevens and Mrs. George R. Gay a nTtlve
mom*s. tUCket ' M " 8 ' a * M a >'*" "»" «
ET-Funeral prlrate. Please omit flowers.
ADVEETISEMENTS.Provisions.
FLOUR — California Family Extras $4 609
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 60324 80:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 8304 25
per;bbl. - - . .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: • Graham Flour. $3 60 per. 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 60; Rye Meal. $3'25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $3 30: extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats $4 60; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50S?4 75: Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina. $4 60: Whole '.- Wheat Flour. ¦ $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 26^8 60; in sacks, S« 79®
Flour and Millstuffs.
.? NEW YORK May 19.— Money on call was
ea#y at 1"4@2 per cent: do»!ng bid, 1% per
c«f offered. 2 per cent. Tlrne loans were
firm with sixty a»d ninety day* at 3 per cent;
elr rnonthK 4 per cent. Prime mercantile
rm\*r. 3"4@414 per cent. Stwllnir «ichanire
+:u* easier -with actual business in bankers'
blllv at *»8C»0 for demand and at $4.84:>o«
4 64&6 for «Jxty-day bills. Pocted rates.
$4 *si%®4 and $4 S7M»«M SS. Commercial
bUir* «'< M%. Bar silver. S5%c. Mexican
<Jr!iar-. 4^*5«.' Bonds— Government* and rail
roads, ctesalr.
New York Money Market.
j EASTERN MARKETS. ]
CHICAGO. May 19.— The rapid appearance
of cash wheat tn local elevators arid the near
approach of the delivery day served to start
a general demand for May. With- the rush
for that option stiffened, the. ideas, of holders
of July and September stiffened accordingly.
Starting with a gain of "ic to %e at 87%c,
July advanced steadily to 69%c, with but one
setback of sufficient weight to carry the price
under the opening. A disposition on the part
of tbe pit traders to play for a break after
the early advance carried July back 'to 87%c
and September to 81%c. The large owners
of the deferred options, however, held aloof
and the clamor for ¦ May shows the. popular
sentiments as to the present scarcity < and
prospective supplies of grain. The result was
a gain of V4c r to %c In -July at 88*i6S8%c
and of %©%c In September to 62c. the latter,,
having sold up to 82%c at its best. Outside
of the weather outlook and a decline In for
eign markets, the bulk of the' news, was
bullish ¦ .' ~
Corn ebortt were disposed to cover, althntga,
'¦'.'. ' ¦ ' .W^
Future Grain and Provisions.
I Chicago Board of Trade.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8%©10%c for Royals and
9@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4HO
6c; sun-dried. 3@4%c; Peaches, C©flc:
Pears 8@ll%c; Figs, white. 2%@3c in boxes;
black 4Uc; Plums, pitted. 5@7%c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. l*i©2&c for the four
sices.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to Changs without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb fooxfs — Loose Muscatel, 4-crown
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4V4c; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
loose. S-crown. 4c: 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%c; Seedless
Muscatels. 3%c; do floated. 3%c: Seeded Rats-
Ins, 16-oz ' cartons, fancy, 3%c: choice. 5*4c;
12-o* cartons, fancy. 4%c- choice^ 4%c; In
bulk., fancy. 5'4c; choice. 5c; Imperial clus
ters, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, ',$2; London
Layers/ 3-crown, $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
- NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%@l4c;
No 2 ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. ,13©i:i%c;
No! 2', 11011%c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils. 11 %c for IX L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9Vic for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6<S7c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll®Ktc: Cocoanuts ' $4 60«3.V
. HONEY — Comb. .1044 11 %c for white and S%
©9%c -for amber; water white extracted, 59
6".«c; light amber extracted, 4%<S4*4c; dark.
3%@4c. ¦•. <1 . »
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts ,Raisins, Honey.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Se.lOl - |O T Co 6s.ll8%119
Bay CPC 5».1O1 102 Do 5s Ill 111%
Cal C G 5s — 105 Do con 5s. 101% —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. 65 73
m & ct 6s. 81 "4 82 Om Cable «s.l22 —
Cal-« C 5s.ll6*4H7H P»o G im 4s. _ _
C C Wat 8s. — 101 P E Ry 6s.lO4*4105%
Ed L & P 6s — 130 . P A C H. 6s.lO4*4 —
F A C H 6s.ll4% — P Sc O R fia.116 —
Geary-st 5s.. — 82 Powell*st 63. — 114
H C&S 5%S.1OO — *ac EG&R!>s. 96% 98
Do9i 98% SF & SJV53.1HSH —
Hon R T 6s. 104% — I Sierra R 6s. — 110
L A Elec 5s. — 105 |S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.lll%ii2, (1909) 108 —
LALC061- r- OMO) 109 —
• Do gtd «s. — — S P of C 6»
Do gtd 5s. — 105- (19O5)Sr A.101*4 —
LAP lem 5S.1D0 — (19C5)Sr B/102% —
Mkt-st C «s. V 119% <100«) .....104 i m04T4
Do lem 53.11**4;— U912) . 114% —
MVt MtTf.s.101% — SPC 1 ck 3s.H0 —
NRR of C6s.lC6%107% Do stmpd.. — 1C8
Do 5j ....116%117 iS P B R 6».131*4 —
N P C R 5a. — 106%IS V Wat 6».1O4H -~
N C Ry,5s.lC9 .— - Do 4s 2dm. 90%
N C P C 5s. 98%102%! Do 4s 3dm. — 100
N S R R 5s. — 97%|8tkn GftE«j. — ICO
O O LAH 5S.107 . — JU O & E 5s. — 103
O W gtd 5s. — - — I . MJgaB
• WATER STOCKS.
Contra Cost*— 40 IPort Costa...— —
Marln Co... — 62%|S V Wat Co. MK 38*4
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3 - |S f O 4 B. «0*i 6.1
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 100*' 107%|4s qr cp new.i:cm;ttV»
4s qr reg...l06%107<'3i qr coup... 105*4 106%
THURSDAY. May 19—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
APRICOTS — Continue to move In a jobbing
way, with choice quoted at n%S10c; extra
choice. 10>i©10%c; fancy 11® 13c
PEACHES— Are fairly active, particularly
In respect to the lower grades. Choice are
quoted at 7Vi@7%c; -extra choice, 7*ii&8c:
fancy, 9%®10c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, May 19.— There was a slight
reaction to-day In the London tin marker;
which closed 5h lower on spot at £125 15s, arid
7m t:d lower at £124 15s for futures. Locally
tin was quiet, with spot quoted at- $27 So®
28 15. -
Copper declined 7s 6d to £58 15s for both
spot and futures in the London market and
wan a little easi-r In the local market, where
Lake was quoted at Si:i*fi:< 12>/ electrolytic
at $13@13 12%. and casting at $12 C2U.I&
12 87%.
Lead was steady- and unchanged at $4 (iO<T/>
4 65e in tbe New York market, but declined
2s 'id to £11 15k 6d In London.
8p«Her remains easy and unchanged In the
local market, with* spot quoted at $5 15®S 20.
In London there was a decline of 2s 6d, with
closing quotations at £22. ,
Iron closed at 62s In Glasgow and at 43s
7%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally the market Is
easy. Pig Iron warrants are. weak, with sell
ers at $9 25. No 1 foundry Northern. $15S>
15 50; No. 2 foundry Northern, $14 50@15: No.
1 foundry southern and No. 1 foundry Southern
soft, $13 50@13 75.
WHEAT — Dullness rules everywhere except
at Chicago, where there is always more or less
speculative trading, and quotations show. little
change. Local futures were somewhat higher
In sympathy with Chicago.
"CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 25@1 32%: California
-White Australian. $1 52%igl 57%; Northern
Club. $1 3031 3Z%; Northern Bluestem, $1 50
@1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m. '
Open. High., Low. Close.-
May $127 $127 $127 $127
December ... 1 28*4 1 29% 1 2S% 1 28ft
2 p. m. Session. .
December— $1 28%.
BARLEY — Yesterday's business wa« at a
narrower range of quotations, but the market
was firmer, w!th some advance In futures, due
largely to the Improvement in wheat.
- Cash barley.
Feed. $1 05@l 07%: Shipping and Brewing.
$1 12*401 15; Chevalier. *l 10@l 20 for fair
; to choice.
-/ ' FUTURES. ¦¦
Session 9 to 11:30a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... -94K 94% 94% 94%
- 2 p. m. Session.
Open. 'High. Low. Close.
May $1 (Wtf $1 0«% $1 Otij, $1 0(i-%
December... . 04% 94% 94% 01%
OATS — The local trade continue to quote a
quiet but steady market.
White.- $1 40frl 47%; Black. $r*22%@l 27%:
Red. $1 27%@1 35;- Gray, nominal.
CORN — The demand and supply about bal
ance and quotations show no further change.
The tone is firm.
Western sacked, $1 45«|1 47% for Yellow and
White and $1 45 for Mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 47%@1 62%: small round do. $1 65(9
1 60: White. $1 45«gfl 47% per ctl; Egyptian.
SI 40@l 60 .for white and $1 27%91 30 for
br RTE-$l 30@l 32% per ctl. '
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctL. r
Wheat and Other Grains.
The only movement yesterday was a slight
rise In the Comatock mining stocks, led by
Ophir. but the advance was not maintained,
and quotations weakened at the close. Cale
donia also showed some Improvement. The lo
cal and oil stocks were Inactive. Paauhau
Sugar was somewhat higher at $14 25.
Two more railroad car loads of Ophir ore
have been shipped, making eighteen car loads
on the way or In process of sale. -
The People's Drain Ditch Company, a R\no.
Nev.. corporation, has levir.i an assessment* of
20 cents per share.- delViquent June 8.
The General Electric Company Is about to
increase Us capital stock by the amount of
$3,.T25,*.0O. The present capital is $15,000,000.
The Northern California Power Company has
declares a monthly dividend of 5 cents per
share, payable May 25. ¦
The California Combined Oil Company as
eessment of 2 cents p>r. share falls delinquent
June 3. ;¦;-;--¦;.-:- -. ;-*
Mining Stocks Rise a Little, but
I OUurs Unchanged.
STOCK MARKET.
The* following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with tho«« of same date last
f^ason. «nd rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
S- h.% :r.T.% — ' 24 hours, season, season.
Eoreka ft.OO 63.79 50.78
Red BlufT...:-. 0.00 31.16 23.15
Saciamer.to O.OO 16. S6 - 16.62
San Krancisco 0.00 20.59 18.28
Fresno-... 0.00 8.O4 8.50
I^dependenc* O.ftO 2.57 2.34
Ran Luis Obispo O.OO 16.59 18.49
Los Angeles 0.00 8.72 1».29
• San. Diego 0.00 4.30 11.64
. Tt*e following maximum and minimum tem
' p^ratures for preceding day are reported from
Eajnern cities:
Ikwtoh 56-4S Kansas City 70-52
Philadelphia 64-58 Jacksonville 78-62
<"tnctnnatl 64-4* Washington «<S-54
' New York CS-5G New Orleans 78-00
COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. I I § || |§ I 2 " 1
Paker 3O.04 58 40 NW Clear Tr.
Carson 29. Mi «0 40 N Pt.Cldy Tr.
Eureka SO. 12 54 46 NW Clear .00
¦- Fresno 29. 7S K2 T.2 N Clear
S E Fara1loo.2a.94 52 49 NW Clear .00
- Klagsttff 23.50 «2 48 SW Pt.Cldy .00
PoealMIo 23.74 72 44 NW Rain - ;01,
Independence .29.74 CA .V. X Clnar .00
Los A.-ig»*Jes. . .28. *0 72 52 SW Clear .00
Mt T«maIpals.20.!>2 «7 41 NW Clear '.00
North Head... 30. 28 It 46 NW Clear - 1 - ".«*
Phoenix 2».«4 M 64 W Clear .00
"PX. Iieyes Lt..20.S« 54 4« NW Clear .00 j
Portland .10.22 ©4 48 NW Clear >,T.OO
Il«*l Bluff 2».S6 82 54 N Clear
•Rosetrorg .10.10 «4 48 NE Clear' : -".00
Sacramento ..29.KO 78 «'O NW Clear .00
8alt "Lake 29.56 70 46 N Cloudy Tr.
San Franclsco.29.90 68 50 W Clear .00
" San L.. Obtspo.29.88 CT 4<J W. Clear .00
San DUgo 29.82 C8 &4 W Clear .00
keatiK. 30.30 C2 46 NW Clear .00
Fpokane 30.12 C8 4S N Clear Tr.
Tatoonh 3ft. 32 54 4(5 W Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 30.10 70 46 NE Clear .02
WlnnCmucca .20.82 Oi 44 NW Cloudy Tr.
Turn' £9.64 86 C4 W Clear ?.«*
WEATHER~CONDITl67cs AND GENERAL
/¦¦¦•::> FORECAST.
The depression over, the valley of the Colo
rado is moving «lowly northward and fast
ward Thunderstorms are reported at Poca
tcllo. Salt Lake City and Modena. •
The terr.peratur*- has risen from 10 to 20 de
grees In the interior of California and also in
Or< von and Eiu-tem Washington.
The following high winds are reported: Ba
ker City S9. northwest: North Head :to. north
west- Eureka, :wi. northwest; Potnt Reyes. 38.
northwest; Southeast Farallon. 30. northwest;
Independence. 32. north; \\ Innemucca 28.
northwest; PocaWUo. IS. northwest, and Flag-
KtsfT 3*3 southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
bourn er.<iir.»; midnight. May 20:
North«m California— Fair Friday, continued
warni: freeh northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday, continued
T warm- fresh southwest winds.
1 *N>\-a«a— Fair Friday; warmer; brisk to high
"fi^TrraTrt^i and -vicinity— Fair Friday:
wanner: . light north winds, changing to fresh
We * a- O. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Silver was V t c lower. Exchange remained
unchanged.
The Chlmr-took'out a treasure list of $1,060,
0R4. consisting of $2834 In Mexican dollars,
$260 in gold coin and $158,000 in silver bullion
for Hongkong and $899,C00 in Mexican dollars
for Kobe. It is understood that these dollars
are for the Japanese Government for use In
Manchuria; the last two steamers took
$1,000,000.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 H5%
Sterling Exchange, sight ........ — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Silver, per ounce ;... — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ........ 45 O —
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Fresh arrivals of Strawberries were 1290
chests from nearby districts and prices of
these che»t goods, were barely steady, owlng
to the abundance and low prices of crated
stock from Florin. The canners were oper
ating freely and secured large lines of the
large varieties in chests .ana took a consid
erable quantity of the Florin berries at the
minimum quotations. Gooseberries wern plen
tiful and easler.i Some of the English va
riety came in and were offered at 20c per
pound but were not sold, having arrived too
late for the regular trade. Dewberries from
the south brought 10c per small basket. Well
colored Cherries Were in good request at steady
rates, while small red and white dragged at
easier figures. Receipts were 997 boxes.
Dealers reported an easier feeling In the
Orange market, as Berries monopolised the at
tention of most buyers, but prices were un
changed and small siaes of Navel- . were still
firmly held at high figures. Seven cars are
announced for to-day's auction, l Tangerines
and seedless Grape Fruit were In good request,
and as supplies were limited, prices ranged
higher. Mexican Limes were easier., as a
steamer was hourly expected with fresh sup
plies
r STRAWBERRIES — $.1<S5 per chest for Long
worths and $2«."5 for the larger varieties; Crates
from Florin. 25035c. • • ¦ .
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@35c per drawer and
2@4c per lb In bulk. '
CHERRIES — 75c@$l 25 per drawer for
choice red .and 40<g65c for white; In bulk,
4@,«%c per lb. : *-'¦
APRICOTS— $1 C.',©1 75 per crate.
APPLES— $1@2 50 per box. •'-
• CITRUS " FRUITS— Nav<^ Oranges. $1,769
2 60 for fancy. $1 50®I 75 Tor cholce-and V9
1 50 for standard; Seedlings. $1 10511 25; Tan
gerines, $1 40®l 60: Lemons. $2 50-S2 75 for
fancy. $1 50<t?l 75 for choice and $181 25 for
standard: Grape Fruit. $1 50©2 50 for seed
less and $tfil 50 for ordinary: Mexican Limes,
$5JT5 50 per case; Bananas. $2#3 per bunch for
Central American »nd $lfi2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples. $233 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Flour qr sks .. 17.414 Wool, bales .... 530
Wheat, ctls .... S2j Shorts, sks 13
tUarley. ctls 2.14f!|Alfalfa. sks - 10
Oats, ctls 227 i Hides. No ST.l
Corn ctls IS! Pelts. No 2f>5
Feed! sks 15lTallow. ctls ... 27
Beans, sks ! 50' Leather rolls ., 100
Potatoes, ska .. 3.M1! Lime, bbls ,1»W
Onions sks ... 103 Wine, gmls 9O.275
Uran sks 1.1«! Sugar, ctls 5,5(H>
Middlings sks.. 2.11 Quicksilver, flks. 128
Hay. tons lfOf
OREGON.: r ..V
Flour, qr sks . . OCOi Potatoes, ska . .. 794
' WASHINGTON.
Bran, sks 3.3341
FOR THURSDAY. -MAY 19.
Receipts of Produce.
SEATTLE. May 10.— Clearings, $590,380; bal
ances. $77,905.
TACOMA May 19. — Clearings $305,551: bal
ances. $25,753
PORTLAND. May 19.— Clearings $5C9,785;
balances. $70,791.
SPOKANE. May. 19. — Clearings, $303.es4
balances, $33,657. ' »
Northern Business.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. May 19.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blui-sum, 84c; club, 74c.
PORTLAND. May 19. —WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 72c: bluestem. 80c; valley, 80c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PRUNES — Are unsettled. Oregon prunes
show firmness on poor crop advices, while the
California product remains rather easy as to
tone. Prices range from 3c to 5%c, according
to grade.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tlnues firm, with common quoted at 4ft5%c;
prime. 5ft@5"4c; choice. tiy»<&6%c; fancy, 7@
7%c.
SUGAR— Raw and refined flrm. Confection
ers' "A," 4.75c; mold "A," 5.25c; cut loaf and
crushed 5.«0c; powdered. 5c; granulated, 4.90c
cubes, 5.15c
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet: No. 7 invoice
6**c: mild, quiet: Cordova. 10@13c. The mar
ket for futures closed steady at a" net decline
of 15 points. Sales. 38.750 bags, including:
May. 5.65c: July. 5.75c: September. 6ff2fi.iOc;
October. «.20<SR.25c; December, O0©C 40c-
March, 6.55® 0.75c '
WHEAT — Receipts 4000 barrels; spot strong:
No. 2 red. nominal elevator; No. 2 red nominal
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 03%
f o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal
f. o. b. afloat. Options — There was another
shake-up among wheat shorts to-day, resulting
in material advances In May and July. Light
contract stocks Everywhere proved the chief
bull influence, supplemented by a prospective
bullish visible supply statement on Monday
and smaller estimates for Argentine shipments.
After a final setback under realizing the
maricet closed irregular at 't@4c n«t advance.
May closed at 99c, July closed at 92%c Sep
tember closed at 84 %c, December closed at
HOPS— Steady
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady
. NEW YORK. May 10.— FLOUR— Receipts.
9C67 barrels: exports. 883 barrel* : firm and
held higher by the mills. Minnesota patents.
$5 10<B5 35: winter patents, $5 10«5 45- winter
straights. $4 90<g5 10. . '
New York Grain and Produce.
a20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 19—5 p. m
Weather Report.
NEW YORK. May 19— The cotton market
closed 4 to 8 points lower.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
CHEESE — 8®8%c for good to choice new
and t!@7c for lower grades; Young Americas.
U©O%c; Eastern. 12%@14c; Western, ll@12c
per lb. V ¦ "
EGGS— Rancn> lSJilOc for fair to choice;
store, 16@lSc; Eastern, noihlnal. -
Receipts of Butter continue heavy." aa will
be seen, and those for the week ending yes
terday foot up «10,0CK» pounds. According to
the Dairy and Produce Ileview this is the
largest week'a showing in the history of the
trade, the next largest receipts having been
tiOS.OOO pounds during the week ending June
10. 1903. Nevertheless, the market shows no
particular weakness, and In tact some houses
reported a steadier feeling yesterday, with no
accumulation 'of stock worthy of note. • Alas
kan and local packing orders, with the regular
consumptive demand, have Kept the market
from breaking, and quotations show no change.
Cheese continues depressed and dull, with
excessive cupplies.
There is no further decline in Eggs, but sup
plies are large and receipts are increasing
again.
Receipts were 90,110 lbs Butter, 1615 cases
Eggs and 60,700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. lS018'4c
for extras and 17@17%c for firsts; dairy, 15<9
17%c; store Butter 13914c; cold storage, nom
inal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve In the division of redemption shows
available cash balance, $173,959,997; gold, $75,
165,130. . *
Cash in Treasury.
LONDON, May 19. — The third series of wool
auction sales closed to-day. - The offerings
numbered 9100. There was a good attendance
and the demand was brisk owing to American
competition for Merinos, i The advance was
pronounced in fine scoureds and greasles. In
heavy greasies the improvement was less gen
eral. Fine crossbred* ruled 4 per cent higher
when the series opened. Later the better
trades showed an advance of 7>< per cent
above the March sales. Americans operated
freely and the competition for Geelong greasles
and good medium crossbreds was a feature of
the sales. •
London Wool Sales.
ST. LOUIS, May in.— Wool, steady: medium
grades, combing and clothing. 17@21c; light,
fine 14® 17c; heavy, fine, 12s&15c; tub washed.
20©31c
St. Louis Wool Market.
Mutual E L. 11% 13 IStkn G & E. — 6
Fae L Co... 56% — |U O & E Co. — 33>
INSURANCE. ¦*- i T
Flrem's Fnd.300 340 1
BANK STOCKS.
Am NU Bk..l25 — L P * A.. ..150 160
Anglo-Cal ..S3 87 Mer Trust.... 200 —
Bank of Cal.426%430 Merch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. 143 147% S F Nattonl. — —
First Nation! — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2270 2350 |9av & L So. — 100
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. IOO — | Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.625 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California . . — 2C0 | Presidio — 41
Geary — 60 |
POWDEP-
Giant 60% «l%!Vlgortt 4% .4*4
SUGAR.
Han* P Co. — 23c iKilauea S C. 3 4
Hawaiian C. 49% 50 fMakawell C. 21 21H
Honokaa S C 12% 13 lOnomea S C. 24 26%j
Hutch S P C 9H 9%IPaauhau S C. 14*« 14**
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 130 HO | Oceanic S Co. — 4*4
Cal F C A. — 100%, Pac Aux FA. S —
Cal Wine A- 91 92 |Pac C Borx.165 —
MV& MtTra.100 — I
Morning Session.
Board—
125 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 49 87ft
25 Paauhau S P Co 14 25
Street —
5 Alaska Packers' Association... I3S 75
5 Mutual .Electric Light 12 0O
.Vi S F Ga* & Electric, b 3 «l tot '
$3,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 00
Afternoon Session.
Beard —
5 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 49 81 hi
45 HutchinaoB S P Co 9 23
60 Makawell 21 GO
$1,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent.... Ill 0O
$1,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. .105 00
$2,000 S F & S J V 5 per cent lift 25
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Aak.
Bay CPC to. — 101 " S P C R 4». — KX>
B L Wat 6S.115 — |S P Co 4%«.10O% —
Cal NW 5s.. — H2%lSun Tel 6s.. 113 —
M C Wat 5S.10O — I Do 5* — 105
RIs I WksSs. — 107% Suttr-st R5S.10S 113
SF Drdk 5s. — 11J%|UR of SF 4s. 73% —
SF & NP 5». — 111*41
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 24% 27% Mat Nav Co. — 9O
Cal Cot Mils 8« — I Nev Nat Bk. — 20rt
Cal G&ECor. 45 — IN 8 R R Co. 9*4 —
C Jockey C1.W0 150 N Cat P Co. If 11"4
Cal Powder.130 150 jOak Bk Sa"U12% —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 lOak T Con.. 73 —
Cal T I & T.115 130 [IOOF Hall A « —
Cen Bk Oak — 65 | Orphean Co. » 1*^4
Chutes Co... — 7%| Pac Caa Co..l» —
City & C Bk — 112 I Pac S Tel Co. — 102
C L Imp.. 6% — IParaf Paint.. ."» —
East Dynm.. — 250 \i> F Drydock. *0 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 PF&3J Coal. 23 32%
• Do com ..35 50 « J Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO *. MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 4Oc — Swlas-A Bk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.lCS — Truck Elect.. 12% 12%
Gas Con A..' — 22 UR InC pfd. 45 —
Hono P Co. — 14 Do com ... » —
Lon& SF Bk — 60
California Stock anu Oil Exchange
OH Stock— Bid. Ask«*.
Apollo 45
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 2t>
Aztec 80>
Caribou 4 30 4 5O
Central Point Con 60 «S
Chicago Crude 21
Claremont «O ....
Fulton 3 73
Hanford 1*3 00 195 00
Home 1 50 ....
Independence 25 27
Kern River 10 00
¦ Monarch (of Arizona) 4O
Monte Cristo «W 70
Occidental of W Va ' «7 ....
Oil City Petroleum 58 5*
Peerless 14 00
S F & McKlttrlck 4 CO
Senator 67
Sovereign 41 ....
Sterling 2 50 ....
Superior « ....
Thirty-three S 23
Toltec 21
Twenty-eight 7 R«>
West Shore 2 «O ....
Associated Bonds ." 75 7T*i
Wabash 4O ....
i Miscellaneous —
i Abby Land * Imp 1 50
; Cal Gas & Electric Corp.. 38 00 ....
Cal Jockey Ctat> 128 CO
! Cal Shipping Co 20 00 ....
I Chutea Company « 60
i Cypre?8 Lawn Imp Co 6*2*4 -••«" — "'
i Fischer's Theater 4© ....
Northern Cal Power II ©»
Morning Session.
250 Claremont *2 '
2tH) Twenty-eight Oil • «2Vi
I 4 Reed Crnde 1 50
¦ - * . Street —
1 451S Associated, b «O 20
Afternoon Session.
Board— .
110 Caribou 4 31
10i> OH City Petroleum 55
100 Oil City Petroleum 5<J
100 Sovereign 41
Street— _r,
! 300 Twenty-eight Oil 7 rt*4
1 1000 Claremont • «
Mining Stocks.
BXS FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
* Following war* the tales on the San Fran*
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
*~.s»" Morning Session. /
300 Andes 20| 3C0 Crown Point.. 23
300 Belcher 34! 200 Crown Point.. 23
WO Caledonia ... «6i MO Justice It
IOO Caledonia ... «>l 200 Mexican 1 35
100 Caledonia ... 69 10O OpWr ft 60
200 Caledonia ... 70 I mi Silver Hill .. 65
100 Caledonia ... 71| 100 8llver Hill .. 63
11C0 Con C & Va.l 731. 300 Uiilon Con .. ©
Afternoon Session.
1000 Belcher *H 100 Overman M
2OO Belcher 3-51 ICO Overman ..... 37
200 Caledonia ... S-t! SOO Overman 38
100 Caledonia ... SSI 200 Seg Belcher .. 13
250 Caledonia ... 881 200 Seg Belcher .. IS
300 Con C & Va.l 75| 100 Sierra Nt» .. 40
30O Con C A Va.l 8ft 500 Union Can .. 73
100 Ophir « 00 300 Union Con .. T2
300 Ophir , 6 12%
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
FotlowlQS were the sales on tne Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday: r. ; »
Morning Session.
5C0 Andes 20| 300 Crown Point.. 21
300 Andes ....... 2t; S0O Kentnclt ..... 03
300 Belcher 3-»| 4<W> Mexican 1 W
100 Bullion ¦•» 100 Opblr 6 37%
100 Caledon!a\ . . . €»; 100 Ophir 3 75
400 Caledonia ... C8 500 Overman 3»
600 Caledonia ... 70 100 Overman 31
100 Caledonia ... 71 400 Overman 34
-100 Caledonia ... 72| 200 Union C«n .. «*
100 Caledonia ... 801 4CO Union Con . . «»
300 Con*"C * Va.l 70t 200 Union Con ... 50
200 Con C & V.I 72%f W*> Utah Oft
Afternoon Session. * *
100 Belcher S3 1 400 Overman 3«
100 Caledonia ... 81 1 100 Sleira Nev .. 4ft
JW Caledonia ... 80! 1200 Silver HIM .. S3
200 CaUdonla. .... 731 IOO Union Con .. 71
100 Caledonia ... 791 IOO Union Con . . <M
2OO Crown Point. 241 4<H> Utah OS
Son Gould A Cur. .101 600 Yellow Jacket. 23
200 Ophir 6 12%i
, TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa-
Receipts of domestic Poultry were nearly IOO
coops and consisted chiefly of small stock, prin
cipally small broilers, which dragged at lower
rates. Young Roosters, large Fryers and good
heavy Hens cleaned up well at steady rates,
while a considerable portion of the receipts of
small stock was still on hand at the close.
Game arrived in good condition and was quot
able araln. Only nine sacks were received.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14-ff 15c per Ib-
Geese, per pair. $1 50<@l 75; Goslings, si 75.«
2 25; Ducks,. $4 60@5.5u per dozen for old and
$3 SOiSC for young; Hens, $t5©7 for large and
$&§5 50 for small; young Koosters, $7 50®
8 5O; old Roosters. $4 50©5: Fryers, $5<36 50:
Broilers, $3 50®4 60 for large and $2@2 50 for
small: Pigeons. $1 25<gl'5O per dozen for old
and $1 50*gl 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare, $1 50 per dozen; Rabbits.
$1 25@2 per Uczen.
Poultry and Game.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening « 3% 6 4V4 « 4%
dosing : 0 3% 6 4% 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 2115 20 50
Closing 2110 20 45
Flour— ¦
Opening 27 45 27 45
Closing 27 30 27.60
Foreign Futures.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In balk.
14c; Pearl OH. In cases. 20%c; Astral. 20%c;
Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 2«%c;
Eocene. 23%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c:"Mn cases. 22%c; Benrine. In bulk.
13c; 'in cases, 19%c: 86-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c; In cases. 31c
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for. case
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per ration for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil In cases. No. 1 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 lOtgl 12': Lucol. 45c tor boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60970c per gallon;
Cocoanut OH in barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 68c: natural winter Sperm OH, 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale OH 67c; natural Whale
OH. 52c: extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c:
No. 1 Lard Oil. «Sc; pure Neatsfoot Oil. -73c:
No 1 Neatsfoot OH. 63c; light Herring Oil.
42c; dark Herring OH. 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c;
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish OH. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil 33c: raw Paint OH. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon in cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7*4©
7%c per Ib; White Lead. 7^4@7%c. according
to quantity.
, SUGAR — Th* Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.95c:
Powdered. 5>0c: Candy Granulated. 5.80c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated flOO-lb bags only). 5.C0c: Confectioners"
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 8.30c: Extra, C. 5.20=;
Golden C. 5.10c; "D." 5c: barrets. 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more; boxea. 50c more: 5O-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds: j Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.20c; 'boxes. 6.45c; H. A Ev Crystal
Dominos S.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy -five barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6: Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $T; Coo*
Bay $5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite - Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $3 60 per ton; Coke. $11 .V>^13
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%c spot and 5%c June,
July; San Quentln. $5 40; Wool Bags. 32@35c;
Fleece Twine. 7®8c.
General Merchandise.
The report cf Edward A. Urals, section di
rector United States Weather Bureau, for th?
Oregon Crop Bulletin for the week ended May
1«. U as .follows:
The 'past t .-.•",. has been dry and. although
i{ averaged wanner than the w«*k previous.
It was too ,cool for rapid growth and ger
nslnattcn. The bulk of fall wheat is In ex
ci>H*nt condition, but in a few places in Uma
tilla!.County the freeze of the week previous
did material darr.atre. which very likely will
t>e greaUy retrieved should warm rains occur
during the next week or so. Spring wheat
seeding U nearly completed, and the stands
«>vcry»here are reported above the avrage.
In favored localities fall barley and fall rye
are beginning to head. Range grass and for
tge crop* continue doing splr-ndldly. and stock
is beginning to get fat. • Corn and potato
i :.-:r :::.c 'are general, and in some of the
j-outh«rn counties corn planting is r^arly com
pi'-tfd. Gardens also are nearly ail planted.
but the growth of vegetables has be«n slow. •
Hops are healthy and promising, and the
cultivation cf the yards has proceeded unin
terruptedly during the week. The condition
of fruit l"s somewhat uncertain, but nearly all
<-tirr«>«riot.'5» > ni6 apree that Italian prunes will
be almost a failure. Har'y cherries, pears and
reaches have fuff<»r*d some injury from the
late- frosts! but it Is believed they will y»t
fTive satisfactory yields. Apples are promis
ing and strawberries and bush fruits will be
plentiful.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is l%t?l 15-16 per cent and for
three, months" bills 1 15-lt?@2 per cent.
Cons money . .90 7-lC|N Y Central 11214
Do arct 90%!Nor & Western... 57
Anaconda 35»! Do pfd R9
Atchison 69%!Ont & Western... 21 U
Do pfd 94% (Pennsylvania 59%
Bal & Ohio 79%! Rand Mines in%
Can Pacific 119>i Reading 21 »»
Ches & Ohio 30 Do 1st pfd 39 '
Ch| Great West.. 15 Do 2d pfd 31
Chi. Mil & St P. 143 So Railway | 20*i
De Beers 19% Do pfd ,84%
Den & Rio G.... 20«i So Pacific 4fi%
Do pfd »6S%|Union Pacific 84 U
Erie 23%| Do pfd 94
Do 1st pfd 60%\V S Steel »%
Do 2d pfd .. .16 I Do pfd 5.T«
Ill Central 1 32 %! Wabash 17
Louis & Nash... WO % I Do pfd 34%
M. K & Texas... 16v;|SpanIsh 4s S2W
Bar silver — Quiet, 25 9-16d per ounce.
Money — 1©1U per cent. ...^
London Closing Stocks.
|\ Miscellaneous Markets. |
continued, almost lifeless to-iay. Whenever
eny activity developed the toni of the market
became soft, showing the predominance of eell
ini over buying orders In the very narrow
market. When prices ceased their slow down
ward tendency the market fell Into profound
dullness and neglect, thus reflecting the un
»Miriness of any buyers to take stocks un
an upward- scale of prices. So argued the
room traders, whose oj« rations are devoted to
following the movements of larger operators.
As the meager dealings were almost wholly
made up of the room traders' transactions,
they were drawing deductions from their own
operations. The trading etarted at some
slight gains due to the sympathetic Influence
of the London market. In which rumors were
reiwrtcd to be In circulation of prospects for
the coming of peace in the Far East. The
resumption of selling of United States Steel
preferred on the continuing effect of pessimis
tic reports from the iron trade was the first
dra* uoon the market. But the heav tone
spread to other quarters. ' The sub-treaeury
statement showed gains at the expense of the
banks for the week of $IL290,<X«. promising
another formidable Inroad upon the surplus
reserve of the banks, the more so as the $21.
500.000 In . gold coin exported to-day does not
flrure In the statement, A definite (statement
by the negotiator of the New York City n>b-
Fcriptlcn to th?Jat>anese loan that the whole
of the S25.O0O.0O0 subscription is to be remtt
ted to London helped to explain the force of
th* demand for money, but did not define its
limits.
The severe reduction in New Tort. Central's
net earnings for the quarter emphasized the
effect of unfavorable returns by other systems.
j A disposition <o dispute over the maintenance
• of rates on business diverted to the railroads
j by the interruDtlon of lake' transporatton by
J the strike was regarded as a symptom of the
growing pressure to secure traffic, and atten-
J tion wai> attracted toy the reports of drastic
retrenchments projected by the railroads to
1 cut down expense accounts. The market" closed
with net changes lnslmlflcant.
Bonds *rer» dull and rather heavy with some
late recoveries. Total sales. $1. 285.000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
AtcMson :•:..: 9.100 U&% 67% (J7%
Atchison pfd 91$i
Baltimore A. Ohio . 2,100 77*4 77% 77^»
Iialtimore & O pfd 90%
Canadian Pacific .. 300 116% 110% 116*i
Central of N J 156
Chesapeake & Ohio 100 29%29% 29 V4
Chicago & Alton - 37^»
Chicago & A pfd 60%
Chicago & O W ... 600 15 14% 14"j
Chicago & N W 1CS
Chi. Mil &. S Paul. 6.500 139 13SH 139
C. M & St Paul pfd 175%
Chicago T & T 8Vi
Chicago T 4 T pfd. 400 17»4 ' 17% 17%
C C C & St Louis C8
Colorado So 14%
Colorado So 1st pfd 51
Colorado So 2d pfd. 100 20", 20% 20%
Delaware & Hud... 900 164 U 153% I53T*
Del. Lack & West. 2O0 266V4 2C6 266
Denver & Rio G.. 200 19% 19% 19%
Denver & R G pfd. 10U 65 % 65 Tg «J5"j"
Erie 7 S0O 22% 22 22%
Erie 1st pfd 1.000 CS% 58 58%
Erie 2d pfd 600 34% 34 34%
Hocking Valley 60
! Hocking Valley pfd 500 78% 77% 77
; Illinois Central ... 100 12S% 12S% 128%
I Iowa Central 16%
Iowa Central pfd 33
Kansas City So ... 300 3S% 38 3S%
Kar.s City So pfd.. <S00 • 20 19% 19«%
Louisville & Nash. 1,300 107'.; 10t>% 100*4
Manhattan L 700 142% 142% 142V4
Metropolitan Secur. .* 75
Metropol St Ry . . 800 IIO14 109% 110U
(Mexican Central... 600 7V« 7% 7
Minneap & S Louis , .... 40
Minn. Et P&S S M 200 62 61»; 61%
M.StP&S S M-*Jfd. 100 119% 119% 115
Missouri Pacific ... 2,900 89% 88% 89%
Mo Kans&Tex.'.. 200 15% 15% 15%
Mo, K & Tex pfd 100 34% 34% 34%
NationI of Mex pfd 36
N Y Central 1.200 114>4 113% 114
Norfolk & Western 200 55% 55% 65%
Norfolk Sl West pfd 85
Ontario & Western. 500 20% 20% 20%
Pennsylvania 19,600 113% 112% 113%
PHtsbg. C C & StL 54
Reading 2,300 41% 41% 41%
Heading 1st pfd... 100 78 78 77
Reading 2d pfd 59 T £
liock Island Co .. 4,500 20% 2O»4 20%
Rock-Isl Co pfd.... 300 64*4 64% 64%
Ht L & S F 2d pfd 44%
St Louis S W ; 12%
St Louis S W pfd. 100 31% 31% 31 >i
Southern Pacific .. 6.S00 45% 44*4 45U
Southern Railway.. 1,200 20Vi 19% 2OV4
Southern Ry pfd ' 82 V«
Texas & Pacific .. 800 21 20% 20^
Tol, St L & West.. 300 2**4 23% 23%
T. St L & W pfd... 100 37% 37% 30%
Union Pacific .... 13,400 b2% 81% £2%
Union Pacific : pfd 90 '
VVabaeh 100 16 16 lSZft
Wabash pfd 700 33% 33 33U
Wheel & Lake Erie .... 15
Wisconsin Central ' .... 16*4
Wisconsin Cen pfd. . 100 38% 38% «8 ¦
Express Comi>anle* — >> I;
Adams 218
American .... 180
United States 100
WelU-Fargo ....' 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 12,100 49 47% 48%
Am Car * Foundry 100 16% 16% 16%
Am Car A F pfd 09
Am Cotton Oil .... 26%
Am Cot Oil pfd ... 85
Am Ice 300 G% «% u%
Am Ice pfd .'. 100 26% 20% 26%
Am Linseed Oil ../ 7%.
Am Un Oil pfd ... 100 28 28 28
a in Locomotive - 1"!4
Am Locomo pfd .. 100 81 81 81
Am Hmelt ft Ref.. 100 49% 49% 49
Am Stntlt & R pfd. 400 95% 95 95
Am Sugar Refining 10,800 125% 124% 125
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 76 70 . 75%
Brooklyn Rap Tran .6.300 45% 44% - 45V4
Colo Fuer & Iron.. 500 2S% 2S 17
Consolidated Gas.. 1,000 209% 207% 208V4
Corn Products- •« :'... 11
Corn Products, pfd .... ....;.... 6U
Distillers' Securit ' 20%
General Electric .. -400 154% 154U 154
Intemat Paper •••¦ 10%
Internat Paper pfd. 100 C5% ' 65% 65 .
Internat Pump "... ' 37
Internat Pump pfd 70
National Lead SOO 19% 1SH 19
North American . ... .... 81
Pacific Mail 100 25 23 25
People's Gas 700 05 94% OS
"Pressed Steel Car. 24%
Pressed S Car pfd '.. 66%
Pullman Pal Car.. .... 210
Republic Steel 6%
Republic Steel pfd. 1.G0O 37% 37% 37%
Rubber Goods - 14%
Rubber' Goods pfd. 100 77 77 76%
Tenn Ccal A Iron.. 2.100 33 32 , 32%-
U S Leather 6%
U 8 Lreatner pfd... 100 79 79 78%
U S Realty 2,700 7% 7 7
U S Realty pfd ... 4,700 61% 59 61
V B Rubber 300 16% 15% 1«
U S Rubber pfd... 200 QB\i C6 C6%
U S Steel 2.600 9% 9% 8%
U S Steel pfd 38,100 62% ~ 61% 52%
Westlnghse Elect ._.... .... 155
Western Union ... "00 86% 85 85%
Total salei ... 183.300
UNITED RAILROADS OP SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. May 19. — —o bond trans
actions to-<Iay.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
American Can: Common— Bid 3%; asked,
414. F*ti erred-Bid, 31 J* ; asked. 35.
Thf Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Cor
joratloa admitted Parr's Bank (Limited), the
Yokobair.a Sr*-cle Bank 'Limited) and Kuhn.
Loeb & Co. to the underwriting syndicate at
01«*: ihe loan was offered to the public at 93%
*nd largely ..evert ubscribed.
f"or day^ Ja^an*^ e bond* have ruled
firm on th« fortign bourses owing to war news
running favorably to that power, and a Lon
don sjw-cia! to Kew York yesterday said: "The
¦featuiv of th» ftock market is the rampant
t.tr-nKtfc fci JapMr.ese socuritirs on rumors of
l»r<>babllitles cf an early prac**. The Jap
«•,•-• '«;• r»?r "cent loan \* % point higher and
Russian Imperial 4s hav* Fympathixed \ of a
l»int Hi fc*V
It Is reported that the Japanese loan of
?50.n00.0mt; which hat been recently floated in
LrTMis-n "and New York, was originally pur
cbafceO outright front the Japanese Govern
roetif. br-tbe Hongkong and Shanghai Bar. king
Cprrorction at a price which cas not been an
nounced.
Russian and Japanese ]$onds.
" CHICAGO, May 19. — CATTLE— Receipts.
4500; active to higher; good to prime steers,
$5 20@5 70; poor to medium. $4 25@5 20; stock
ers and feeders. $3 2534 GO; cows, $1 60@4 CO;
heifers $2 25@4 85; canners. $1 50@2 75: bulls,
$2 2534 25; calves, $2 50@5 50; Texas fed
steers. $4ff4 60. .
HOGS-*Iteeeipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
15 000- GifflOc lower; mixed and butchers. $4 65
ft 4 S5- good to choice heavy, $4 80@4 90; rough
heavy" $4 60<g4 75; light. $4 60@4 75; bulk of
sa!es. $4 65J&.4 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000; sheep and lambs,
strong; good to choice wethers, $4 75@5 65;
fair to choice mixed, $3 75#4 75; Western
sheep, $4 50SJ5 65; native lambs, 'clipped, $4 50
@0 15; Western lambs, wooled. $6 2537; West
ern lambs, clipped, $4 75@6 16.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, lesa 50
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE— Steers 7%@S%c; Cows and Heif
ers 6%<B7c; thin Cows. 4<j5c per lb.
CALVES — *@4%e per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers 3*4@4c; 3#SVic
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 50@2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5%c;
over 200 lbs. 5 Vic; soft Hogs. 4®4 %c:
Sows. 20 per cent off: Boars. 60 per cent off,
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
'Wholesale from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%ig7%c for Steers and 5©«c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%®8c; small. 8%©9c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%8Sc; Ewei. 6%©7tfo
per lb.
LAMB— 8%@9c per lb.
I PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%0flc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Local receivers of Hogs are predicting still
lower prices next week, saying that receipts
are running In excess of the demand, which
Is light.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
CHICAGO. May 19. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was flrm:
creamery. 14@10V4c; dairy. 12017c. Eggs were
steady at 15V4@16V.iC. Cheese, S@S%c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Money— U S Steel 8%
Call loans 3<ff3% Do pf d 5. ? 4
Time loans 4J25 Westing Common. 76
Bonds— Mining—
Atchison 4s lOO^i Adventure 1%
Do adj 4s 90'i Allouea '. .... 3%
Mex Central 4s... (55 Amal Copper 4$%
Railroads — Amer Zinc 9%
Atchison f.7"£ Atlantic 7%
Do pfd 91%|Blngham 20%
Boston & Albany.242 Calumet & Hecla.4"-S
Boston & Maine. 1«6%' Centennial lS?i
Boston Elev 140 Cor.oer Kange. .. :v 41 •
Fitchburg pfd 135 Daly Went i^Vi
Mex Central 6*4 Dom Coal 61
N Y. N H & H..1S6 | Franklin 7%
Penp Marquette... 7S!<ilGrancy 3 5-16
Union Pacific 82U Iele Royale 6%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 2*4
Amer Arge Chem. 14 Michigan 4
Do pfd 72 T <, I Mohawk 39
Amer Pneu v Tube. 4\4|Mont Coal & Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 125 Old Dominion ... 11%
Do pfd 125% Osceola ....: 65
Amer Tel & Tel. 124 |Parrot 23%
Amer Woolen ... 10 IQulncy 80
Do pfd 74 Shannon 7
Him Iron * S... 10 Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium.. 235 iTrinlty 3%
Gen Electric 154*i ! t- s Mining lftTi
Maes FHectric li^xITJ S Oil »'
Do pfd eg (itah m%
Mass Gn<s 4ft I Victoria 2T4
United Fruit 109%iWinona .:.. &%
Un Shoe Mach ... 49 I Wolverine 70
Do pfd 2S%|
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
As previously mentioned, the Potato market
was badly, congested with old Oregon Bnr
banks, which continued Ho arrive freely by
rail and there were 4G52 sacks received by
steamer. Strictly fancy lot* met with prompt
salt- at the top quotation, but for the general
market $1 50 was an extreme figure and deal
ers were willing to make concessions on poor
lots., Receipts of new, Potatoes were 774 sacks
from across the bay and 200 boxes from the
river. The river stock cleaned up well at
2@2Mc per pound, but the train with supplies
from across the bay arrived) too late for the
regular trade and th» bulk of' the receipts were
still unsold at the close. Receipts of new Red
Onions were over 1000 sacks, and as there was
an abundance of . carried-over ; stock prices
ranged lower on the wharf. '
Supplies of most kinds of vegetables were
well up to requirements and prices showed but
slight variation. The train with fresh supplies
Of Peas and Rhubarb was delayed and did not
arrive until late in the forenoon, but there was
sufficient carried-over stock on hand to meet
the demand. The bulk of the belated arrivals
of Peas went to the canners at lc per pound,
equivalent to 65@75c per sack. Asparagus,
too was purchased freely by the canners, who
paid 4%<&5c per pound. '
Receipts of vegetables included 1010 boxes
of Asparagus,' 2SS boxes of Rhubarb and 128S
sacks of Peas. -^ .
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1 35
©1 50 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 2501 fiO
per ctl: River Reds, $1©1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed. $1 25®1 35 per ctl;
new Potatoes. l%@2Vic per lb. .
- ONIONS— Australian Yellow. $5 per ctl: new
Red, $1@1 35 p«r Eack; new Green, 25§35c
VEGETABLES-^Asparagus. 4%<fi6%c per lb:
Rhubarb, 5O@65c for bay and 60U75C per box
for San Jose; Green Peas. 65c@$l; Garden
Peas. *1 25 per sack; String Ht-ans. 5@tic per
Jb; Wax Beans, 0®7c per lb; Tomatoes. $1 50
@1 75 per box or crate for Los Angeles and
$1 50<32 25 for Mexican (repacked); Summer
Squash. 5O@75c per box; Cabbage. $1 50 per
ctl- Carrots, 50c per each; Hothouse Cucum
bers, 50c@$l 25 per dozen: Garlic, nominal;
Egg Plant. 10@20c per ib; Dried Peppers. SglOc
for sun-dried and 12%@13c per lb for evapo
rated; Dried Okra, 12%®15v . per lb; Green
Peppers. 8@12%c per lb for Los Angeles and
12%til5c lor MfXican; Marrowrat Squash, Job
bing at l%^2c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Everything stands as before quoted and the
different markets are devoid of feature.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 65; Pea. $2 90®
3 10; Butter*. $3@3 50; small White. $2 90©
3 10 large White. $2 50®2 65; Pink. $3 45@
3 55; Red. $4 50@4 75: Lima. $3 2503 30: Red
Kidneys, $4 60®4 75: Blackeye. $1 85®2 05 per
ctl; Horse Beans. $2®2 60.
SEED — Brown Mustard. $4@4 25; Yellow
Mustard. $3@3 25; Flax. $1 S0@l 90; Canary.
6%ff5"4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%@16c; Rape.
li@2c; Timothy. 6<S6%c; Hemp. 3%@4c per
lb; Millet. 3©3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20<821
Pe E>RIED PEAS— Blackeye $3 per ctl; Nilta,
$3 25; Green Peas, $3@3 25. • .
Beans and Seeds.
Russian and Japanese Bonds stronger on peace rumors.
W'jan-stfcct Stocks stilt irregular and inactive.
'-L-pcal 'Stock and Bond market continues quiet..
Shipment of $1,060,084 'm Specie to the Orient.
-.'Cott-Qii lower, zi-ith heavy selling in liquidation.
iCoffceduU and easy, with unfavorable ncivs from Santos.
Silver terser. Exchange rates undisturbed.
Ul:>at and Barley Futures firmer. Cash Barley stronger.
Oats. Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hdy working around into firmer condition.
:Bmti <wd Middlings firm at unchanged prices.
"trans'- and Seeds inactive, but steadily held.
¦ Thiswcck's receipts of Butter break the record.
¦ Cheese demoralized and Eggs in good supply.
. Provisions zveak at Western points under large stocks.
Hop. experts figuring out a large crop.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in good supply and weak:
P-otflto market over supplied with common and poor stock.
JYVTe* Onions in large supply and lower.
1 oiing Poultry lotcer under large arrivals.
Chcfries and Strazcbcrries continue plentiful.
Granges easier and Mexican Limes lower.
'• SUMMARY- OF THE MARKETS.
"I am Inclined to the opinion that we shall
grow in Oregon, If nothing unforseen happens.
105.000 to -110.000 bales, which will b» about
20.OUO bales more than last year. . Taking Into
consideration the Increase In California and
Washington, we might get an output pn the
Pacific Coast of 210,000 bales. Figuring New
York State wltb 60. 0C0 .bales, the crop of the
United States In 1904 might reach 270iOOO
bales, which Is far in excess of the demand
Of our breweries. Of course, we are dependent
on exports to England, which might come up
to 5O.COO bales, leaving for home consumption
about 220.000 bales. Figuring the output of
beer for 1904-1905 at 50.000.COO barrels would
leave us apparently a surplus of 30,000 bales.
Of course this calculation Is baaed on the re
turns of the acreage In the four Hop- growing
States and is barring accidents."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand* sell
about' %@lc under quotations. Heavy Saltrd
Steers, 9%c; medium 8%c: light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf lie; dry Hides,. 16c; dry Kip. 13c: dry
Calf" 18c: Sheepskins, thearllngs. 25©30c each:
short Wool. 40#65c each: medium, 70©00c: long
Wool. $1^1 50; Horse Hides, salt, $2 75 for
large and $2®2 50 for medium. $1 25^1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Hor*e Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $161 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30@32%c. Goat Skins—
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4K®4%c per lb;
No 2 3%®4c; grease. 2%t?3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip — San Joaquln arod South
ern 12 months' 9{?llc; do 7 months'.' SglOe
per' lb; Middle Counties. 12(916c for free and
11014c for defective; Northern. 153217c for free
and 13$15c for defective; Nevada, 12315c, ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— 24 827c N per lb for California. 1903,
and 17%©20c for crop of 1904.
Adolf Rothbarth, a Hop dealer of New York,
says, very cautiously It will N« noted:
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
U S ref 2s reg..l04%|L & N unified 4«.lC0%
Do coupon 104&|Man con gold 4s. 103
Do 3t> reg 103»4 Mex Cent 4s 66%
Do coupon... „. 105% Do 1st Inc 13
Do new 4s reg. 132 Vi Minn & St L 4s. 96
Do coupon 132% M K & T 4s 100
Do old 4s reg.100*; Do 2ds ..'......- 77%
Do coupon 106»i NR of Mex con 4s 74%
Atch gen 4s 100*4, |N Y C gen 3%s.. OOVs
Do adj 4s 01% N J C'gen 5s.. ..132%
Mlantic C L 4s. 84% Nor Pac 4s 104%
Hal & Ohio 4s.. .101 Do 3a' ......... 12%
Do 3%s ....... 95H Nor & W con 4s. 98%
Central of Ga 5s.l0ti% OSL 4s & -partlc. 94"*,
Do 1st inc 73 Pa conv--3%s 04%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l03% Reading gen 4s... 98%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 7S% SL & I M con 5s.ll4
C.B1Q new 4s. 94 |S L & S F fg 4s.' 81*4
C.M & SP gn 4s.lO»%|St Louis SW lsts. 94%
C & NW con 7s. 129 Seaboard A L 4s. 70%
C. R I & Pac 4s. CH% So Pacific 4s 91%
Do col 5s 79% So Railway 5s 115%
C.C.C & SUn 4s.l01 Tex *¦ Pac lsts..ll8U
Chi Term 4s 76% T, St L 4 W 4s. 70
Cona Tobacco 4s. 60 Union Pacific 4s.. 104%
Colo & So 4s 84 | Do conv 4s.... 94%
C F & I con -5s. 70*4 U S Steel 2d 6s.. 72%
• Den ft Rio G 4s. 98% Wabash lets .....114%
Erie prior lien 4s. 9S% Do deb B r.T'i
Do gen 4s sr.% \V & L Erie 4s.. 89%
F W & D C lsts.106% Wis Cent 4s 90>4
Hock Val 4%s...l07%
NEW .'YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ..... 25i Little Chief - 05
Alice 113 Ontario 3 50
Breece 10'Ophir .".... \ 5 12
Bruns Con 07|Phoentx 07
Com Tunnel .... lOlPotosi 13
Con Cal &" Va.J 1 55! Savage 36
Horn Silver 1 35! Sierra Nev 40
Iron ¦ Silver 1 5©!Smal! Hopes IS-
Leadvllle Con ... 02|Standard 2 00
NEW YORK BONDS.
13%c for extra light and 15«16c (or sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Call*
fornia Hams. 12@12%c; Mess Beef. fl09
10 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $llftll 50; Family.
$12@12 50: prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$24; Mess. $19: Dry Salted Pork. 10c; Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs* Feet. $5; Smoked Bee{. 14o
per lb. : . . .
LARD — Tierces quoted at B%c per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure: half-btrrels. pure.
8%c; 10-lb tins. 9V»c; 5-lb tins. 0«£c; 3-lb tins,
9%c.
COTTOLENE"— One half barrel. 8"4c: three
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
The marked falling off In receipts during the
past - few ; days has enabled Hay dealers to
clean off the recent accumulations and the
Market 1* working around into better condition
again in consequence. The feeling yesterday
was 'distinctly firmer and there was a sale of
choice wheat as high as $16. - though this
figure was not quotable. Tha general run of
prices stood aa before. rv •-
Feedrtuffs continue Arm at previous prices.
BRAN— 121&22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 60@29 50 per ton.
SHORTS— J2H522 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled " Barley, $23@23 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50fl.1l;
jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22«5'23; Corn
Meal. $30 50(531 CO; Cracked Corn, $31@32;
Mixed Feed. $21@22; Horse Beans, $30©
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl. '
HAT— Wheat. $11@15;- Wheat and Oat. $11©
13 50; Oat. $O@12: Barley, nominal; Stock.
$8®10: Alfalfa, S7@10 per ton.
STRAW— «0@70c per bale; . V
8 10; Pearl Barley,- $6; Split' Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas. 15 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
business was not on a large scale. July closed
%c higher, at 48 %c; September, closed un
changed at 47 %c.
Oats were strong, July and September being
helped by May. which waa very much in de
mand by nervou« shorts. I July closed H@%c
higher. September closed %c higher.
The big speculative short lines in provisions
which* have been the support of values for
weeks were not in evidence to-day and prices
suffered. There was a liberal selling credited
to packers, but trade on the whole was light.
July and September pork were .down 20c to
22^'..c: lard was off 12V£@15c and ribs closed'
10c lower. . -. ' .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
. Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
May hea^- 2 .7 97 100 96% 99
July old 88*4 ¦ 88H 87$ 88%
July new SOi 88VS • 86$ 87%
September, old. Sl% .82 ' 81 ; 82
September, new bC% 81 80H 80%
MaT?.*°V. 2 ~. 47* 48 47%— 48 '
July • 48* 48W 47% 4SV t
September 47^ 47tf 474S' 47«
Oats No. 2 — ¦ „ ,„ ¦ . '.
May 42 43 42 42%
July 3S% • 30 3SVi 38%
September " SO*! 30% 30& 30^
Ju*y"., P °: k '..^n b 3 b 5"^l 37* 11 10 1115
September ....ill 42% 11 47% 11 32% 11 32V4
JuV^.fff.' 00 . 1^ 6 50 .«35 6 35,
September ..... 6 62$ « 65 « 62% 6 52%
Short nibs, o*r*100 lbs.— . ;*¦
Julv .. (v60 6 50 6 37% 6 42%
September ' W 5 8 M 6 M ™ 6 67 *>
Cash Gram and Provisions.
CHICAGO, May 19, — Cash quotation* were
as follows.: Flour, dull, easy; No. 2 .spring
wheat, 92@98c; No. 3, 86606c; No. 2 red. $1 05
©1 C6- No. 2 corn, 49%c; No. 2 yellow, 52%@
53c: No. 2 oats. 41 %c: No. 3 white, 42^t4*c;
No. 2 rye. 75c; good feeding barley, 3".@38c;
fair to choice malting, 46<356c: No. 1 flaxseed,
SI 01- No I Northwestern. $1 09; prime tim
othy-iced. $3 05; mess pork, per bbl., $11 O5#
11 10* laVdV per. 100 lb».. $t> 20^6 25; short
ribs s'idfs (loose). $G 25@C 37%; short dear sides
(bosed) ?(1 20frt> W; whisky, basis of high
wines ?1 28; clover, . contract gradu. $10 75.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 41 - 70 ° ' » 8 '555
Wheat, bushels 6,000 94 - 80 °
Corn bushel" 84,000 282,700
Oa™.' bushels J34.80O 05.000
Ytvf bushels 4,000 3,400
Barley. tortelV ¦ V. • 80,600 7,«00
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL-, FRIDAY, MAY : 20, 1904.
Combined On Page Fourtcetu
JTBW TOBK- a*7 1».-Tt» flock market
tfcxv York Stock Market.
Chicago wai - lower, largely owing to - the
heavy stocks, which were announced as S1.00O
barrels of * Pork, 32,500 tierces of Lard and
21,000,000 pounds of Ribs.
This market continued flat at unchanged
P CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9>£c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, 12c for llsbt,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
WILSON
The Auctioneer.
HORSES. HORSES. HORSES.
I am Instructed to sell to tne highest bidder,
without reserve or limit.
PATTOSIEN'S STABLE, FOLSOM ST.. bet
18th and 10th.
A GREAT OPPORTUNITY. ,£V]
10 DRAFT HORSES. 10 well-seaaoned light
driving, saddle and business horses: wagon*.
all styles: business buggies and harness — alt
at your own price.
AT PUBLIC AUCTION.
THIS DAY (Friday), Hay 20, 1904.
On the premises. 1 o'clock p. m.
POSITIVELY MUST BE SOLD.
WILSON, the Auctioneer.
ABBLEVYanctioneer.
TO-MORROW,
Saturday .... May 21, 1904.
At Salesroom. 1135 MARKET ST.. bet. Sev.
enth and Eights.
I shall sell a large assortment of antiques and
old mahogany; also the contents of ten luxu-
riously furnished homes, comprising everything
•/ppertalnlng to elegantly furnished residences.
Note — For particulars see Chronicle.
1- ABB LEVY. Auctioneer.Lag Cabin! "The bread with a flavor."" Ask
your dealer— wholesale — 900 Dolores sU •
DIES OF HEART FAILURE.— Patrick Laf
ferty.dled suddenly of heart failure yesterday
afternoon while sitting In the waiting-room of
the Southern Pacific Company at the corner of
Thtrd and Townsend Btreets. He was 70 years
old. - ' • ¦ • • , . -
Jealousy Caused Him to Seek Death
Peter- G. ; Bergin; a waiter In the
Golden West Hotel, who lives with his
wife and a four-year-old child at 570
Valencia"! street, hired .a. room at <"05
Kearny street on Wednesday night and
turned on the gas- with the intention
of committing suicide.- Suspicion as to
his, wife's conduct is believed to have
been the cause of. his act. He was dis
covered in time ; to j have him trans
ferred :to the Emergency Hospital.
wJiere-Dr. Pinkham used every means
to save his life. The man is still in a
precarious,condition.'.
Mrs. Mary Trigs, a widow, 40 years
of age, committed suicide at her home,
1805 Page street, yesterday afternoon
by taking a quantity of strychnine.
The cause for the deed, as told by the
daughters of the deceased to the offi
cials of the Coroner's office, was that
their mother had lapsed into a melan
choly mood.
Mrs. Trigg went out for a walk dur
ing the morning and returned, about
noon. Her queer, actions were noted
by, her children and other inmates of
the house. - About 1 o'clock she
informed one of her daughters that
she had taken strychnine, but the
latter believed she was not . in
earnest and paid little heed to the
matter , for a time. Soon after Mrs.
Trigs went to her room her condition
became rapidly worse and her groans
attracted attention. A physician was
called,- but he could render little assist
ance and the patient died about half an
hour later. ;Mrs. Trigg's husband, who
has been dead for several years, was
formerly a dry goods merchant, in Sac
ramento and later a salesman In this
city. She leaves three daughters and
one son. • . > '-•-*•.%'¦
Mrs. Mary Trigs. While In a Depressed
Mood, Destroys Her
Uf e.
WORKMAN CRUSHED TO DEATH.—Alex
ander ChlFhoIm. a shipwright, was Instantly
killed at n o'clock yesterday .morning in An
derson's Shipyard at Hunters Point. \ He .was
encaged with other workmen In building: a
towboat. While they were under, the hull a
Jackscrew broke and the hull dropped upon
Chlsholm. crushing him to death Immediately.
WIDOW TAKES STRYCHNINE
AND DIES IN SHORT TIME
j Mr. W. C. Jones, optician, formerly of
the Haskell & Jones Co., has associated
himself with Messrs. Ilirsch & Kaiser, 7
K'earny street. • •
An alternative writ of habeas cor
pus in favor of George Panayot was
granted by the Supreine- Court yester
day. Previous to the Issuance of- the
citation, however, the defendant was
released on a Superior Court order.
Panayot owned, an Alameda County
milk ranch in partnership with his
brothers, Louis and Nick. , The prop
erty was sold, the defendant received
the money and, so his brothers al
lege, started for Greece without ren
dering them an accounting.
l'anayot I.s Released.
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the" most beautiful jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or" purchas
ers are equally welcomi. 221'Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. *
To Visit San Francisco
Bnrnett'n Extract or Vanilla has
taken sold medals against ai! other brands. *
Assistant United States Attorney
George "W. Fickert filed complaints
yesterday in the Federal Circuit Court
against Martin A. Brandt, William JS.
Powell, Frederick Georgeson and Wil
liam A. Speegle, all of Humboldt
County, to cancel *land patents here
tofore issued to the' defendants for 560
acres of homestead land in the timber
region of that county. The complaints
allege that a ¦ year after the defend
ants had made their first filings they
presented affidavits to the effect that
they had built dwellings and lived on
the land for one year. Upon these
affidavits the defendants were permit
ted to commute the required five
years' residence and receive a patent
on payment of the usual fees.
It is alleged that these affidavits
were, false and that the Government
has been defrauded. Speegle is editor
of a newspaper In Humboldt County.
Complaints - Charge Perjury, in Affi
davits Made to Commute ;. Certain
IIomstcadL Entries.
PETITIONS IX INSOLVENCY.— Petition* in
Insolvency were filed yesterday In the United
States Dlatrict Court as follows: F. A. Ia«er
wall. clerk. San Francisco, liabilities JlStO.
assets $10; Wilfrid Baker Styles, clerk. San
Francisco, liabilities IISCS. assets $150; W. C.
O'Baaion. carpenter. Oakland. $440; Robert
Hely. retail liquor dealer, Vallejo, liabilities
$1147, assets $310. .
LAXD FRAUDS ALLEGED .
AGAIXST IIUMBOLDT MEN
SWITCHMAN LOSES HIS LIFE. — E. R.
Steven?, a switchman, wae caught between
two care at Fourth and Townsend streets last
pvenin*. He was taken to the Southern Pacific
Hospital, where he died shortly afterward.
A trip on the "California Limited" i.«
pleasant because of an electric light in
each berth and a powerful electric head
light on the engine. Safe traveling is
assured. The famous train flashes with
meteoric brilliance over mountain and
plain from San Francisco to Chicago. If
interested in a trip to the World's Fair
ask about it at 641 Market .street. San
Francisco. The Santa Fe is the Scenic
Way. •
The Electric Way.
Edward M. Chapin, a police officer.
Is the defendant in a suit to annul the
bonds of matrimony. The plaintiff is
Grace E. Chapin, formerly Mrs. Lon
gan, who alleges that when she be
came the wife of Chapin in July, 1902,
she was already married. She says
she became Chapin's wife while be
lieving that her first husband was dead
and only recently learned that. she. was
mistaken. . .
Suits for divorce were also filed by
I. H. McClelland' against Bertha Mc-
Clelland for desertion, Madeline Bush
against Joseph Bush for desertion and
Annie C. Patterson against Ashbel
Patterson for intemperance.
Judge Graham granted divorces to
Hattie C. Underwood from John C.
Underv/ood and Ethel R. Corcoran
from Joseph P. Corcoran. Underwood
neglected his wife . and Corcoran
treated his cruelly.'
'¦ Ardfi'n Dawson, a clergyman, wants
a divorce from Lizzie "Hart Dawson
because he says she has made his life
miserable by using language forcible
but inelegant in ,the presence of him
self and his three children by a for
mer marriage. He alleges that her
conduct has been such that two of the
children have" been compelled to leave
their home. The third, he says. Is al
most a cripple because of her step
mother's brutal treatment of her.
Dawson also complains that his wife's
conduct has scandalized his congrega
tion and greatly reduced his power of
doing good.
Exiquia F. de la Pena is not happy
as the wife of Stephen R. de la Pena.
She is' suing him for divorce on the
ground of neglect, alleging that for
more than a year he has npt provided
for her.
Thomas F. Richardson, who became
a benedict Just a year ago, wants to be
divorced from Henrietta Richardson,
because, he says, she has disgraced him
by appearing in the streets in a be
draggled and maudlin condition. The
comment of his friends hurt his feel
ings on these occasions and he declared
that he also suffered mentally when
his wife took carbolic acid and had to
be taken to. the Emergency Hospital
for treatment.
IUCIIARDSOX UNHAPPY.
it was only after a terrific struggle, and
when she was almost unconscious, that
she succeeded in breaking away from
him and escaping Into the pure air. She
also complains that Schultz has often
beaten her.
The third exhibition of Miss Irene
Geimann's juvenile dancing academy
will be ielven at. Golden Gate Hall
Wednesday, May 25. The curtain will
rise at S:15 and dancing will begin at
10 o'clock. A dainty programme has
been arranged and will be of a high
order. Tickets of admission will be 25
cents.
Dancing: .School' Exhibition.
"To rid* over th*> oil^J stare road of the
Eaymor.d-TVawcna. route Is a treat pleasure
In itse'.f," said a visitor to the Yosemite. "The
oiled road takes in the finest grove of Big
Tree?, and ih» absence of <3u*t permits the.
tn»vel«?r to aipreciiite everything he wes. If s
certainly the smooth way to th* valley." Ask
ab^.ut stage reservations of Southern Pacific
«e*-nts, or at <;I3 Market street. •
Praise for the Oiled Stage Road.
i Many thousands of dollars damage
lias been done by roaming Indians,
tyhose ponies, - about 500 in number,
have scattered mange throughout the
Ktf ck in this part of Grant County.
"When Secretary of State Dunbar was
notified he directed the authorities to
kill the ponies, but the Indians in the
meantime disappeared.
It is expected that they will return
later and then the order will be exe
cuted. It is almost certain that the
Indians will resist the extermination
of their ponies and it is considered
probable that a serious battle will oc
cur before the matter is settled. There
Is a strong feeling here against the
Government agents on the part of the
eettlers. who accuse the ofT.cials of not
exercising sufficient supervision over
the roaming bands from the reserva
tion.
JOHN DAY. Or., May 19.— Some In
dians from the Columbia River, who
are roaming over the hills and Uong
the streams of Grant County, became
intoxicated it Dayville. They then
engaged in an altercation which ended
In a hot fight, during which some of
the braves received severe punishment.
These met later on the brldtre across
the- John Day River and engeged in a
duel, using their spurs as weapons.
The duel ended with the killing of one
of the braves. This sobered the rest of
the Indians and, binding the dead war
rior on a horse, together with that of
a baby which had been killed in the
flght, they disappeared across the
mountains in the direction of the Co
lumbia River.
The wills of two prominent pioneer
San Francisco wonun were filed for
probate yesterday. The wills are those
of Amelia Hecht and-. Sarah F. Thorn
ton. The last named was the mother
of Crittenden Thornton, the well
known attorney, and of the wife of
Rear Admiral Henry Glass, U. S. N.
Mrs. Hecht was the widow of Abraham
E. Hecht of the manufacturing firm of
Hecht Bros, and member of the shoe
flrm of Buckingham & Hecht.
The will of Mrs. Hecht disposes of
an estate estimated to be worth nearly
$1,000,000. Of this amount $2250 goes to
charity, the will devising $250 to each
of the following Institutions: Armitage
Orphanage, Eureka Benevolent AssO
caton, Hebrew Orphan Asylum of San
Francsco, Hebrew Orphan Asylum of
Baltimore, Hebrew Industrial School
of Boston, Pioneer Kindergarten So
ciety, Occidental Kindergarten, Fruit
and Flower Mission and the Emanu-
El Sisterhood. The rest of her estate,
after the payment of several legacies
to relatives, is devised in equal shares
to four children— Joel, Edith, Elias and
Adelheld Hecht.
Mrs. Thornton's estate is said to be
worth $25,000. Her daughter, Virginia
Thornton, is the principal legatee. The
estate, with the exception of the pic
tures, books, furniture and bric-a-brac
of the deceased, being devised to Ab
bott Kinney of Los Angeles, son-in
law of Mrs. Thornton, in trust for her
benefit, the will providing that he shall
pay her, quarterly, the income from
the properly. The furniture and other
household effects are devised to Crit
tenden Thornton, Elizabeth Watson
and Margaret Kinney, children of the
deceased, and Katherine Glass, her
granddaughter, in equal shares.
Leona F. Schultz Is seeking a' divorce
from George F. Schultz, an engineer,
to whom she was married in September,
1902. She alleges that only a few days
ago at their home at 53 Albion avenue,
Schultz tried ,lo kill her by using force
to keep her In a room, the doors and
windows of which he had closed after
dragging her in and turning on the gas.
She says she begged for her life, but
he refused 1 to let her go, remarking, as
he firmly held her that "he was going
to end it all." Mrs. Schultz says that
Judge Kerrigan gave John W. Rock
lin a divorce from Margaret Rocklin
for cruelty and Judge Murasky di
vorced Lavlnia McKay from T. C. Mc-
Kay for cruelty. Judge Murasky also
gave Alice O. Arnold -a divorce from
Herbert R. Arnold. Mrs. Arnold, who
testified that she is a variety actress,
proved' that she had been abandoned
by her spouse.
Anna I. King from whom James E.
King obtained a . decree of divorce a
few days ago, in an affidavit filed yes
terday charges. that King swore falsely
that she had been served with a sum
mons on May 2, and therefore deceived
the court when* he procured an order
entering her default. She says she was
not served until May 4, and therefore
asks that the default be set. aside. She
says she has a good defense to the ac
tion.
The marriage of Annie Ried to Fred
erick Rled was annulled -yesterday by
Judge' Kerrigan and Judge Sloss an
nulled tnV marriage of Elmer Worden
to Jane Worden. In each case ignor
ance of the law requiring divorced peo
ple to wait a year, before again assum
ing the-matrimonial yoke was pleaded.
In the Rled case the testimony showed
that she had become the wife of Ried
three davs after she had secured her
divorce from her first husband.
. Judge Sea well's well-known caution
In handing down decisions severing
the matrimonial knot stood in the way
yesterday of W. T. Ebbetts, an actor.
Ebbetts must, in consequence, walt^
a few days before he can leaxn
whether he Is freed from pretty Martha
Jane Ebbetts, better known as Mattle
Beauford, ai- actress. Meantime Judge
Seawell will try to solve - the prob
lem, "Did \lattie desert Ebbetts or
Ebbetts lei'.-ve her?" He. will also
decide whether Ebbetts is a resident of
this city. ;
• Ebbetts is the plaintiff in the action.
He charges in his complaint that short
ly after his marriage in Boston, in 1894,
to Mattie- Beauford she refused to live
with him an^i that since then they have
met but seldom and then only when
the- companies with which they, were
playing haDfeened to strike a town at
the same time. He so testified when
called as a witness and so did' Edwin
H. Neill and Jacob R. Shattuck, a
New York theatrical manager, who has
known the couple for,, a number of
years. . ; The last two were unable to
state, however, that they knew of their
own knowledge that Mrs. Ebbetts had
left her husband or" that Ebbetts had
not left. her. They could only state
that they knew the couple did not live
together. This admission practically
left Ebbett's testimony uncorroborated,
so Judge Seawell took the case under
submission. In announcing his decis
ion he also took, occasion to express
his opinion that Ebbetts' claim to a
residence here was- hardly as clear as
It might be. , . •
"The migratory and nomadic lifet led
by theatrical folk." said the court,
"makes the cuestion of residence a
hard point to decide."
BONDS SET ASIDE.
Serious Battle Is Likely to
Occur Before a Quarrel
With Aborigines Is Settled
Adress Well Known as Mas
tic. Be.iuf ord Is the De
fendant in the Action
Will of Late Manufacturer's
Widow Contains Bequests
to Worthy Institutions
CHABITIES BENEFITED
FEAE AMONG BANCHEBS
OliDKHS CASE SUBMITTED
George Arnold; colored, and Merl
Webster didn't go to the trouble of
building an abode for their vagrancy
but appropriated the Southern Pacific
funeral car Woodlawn. sidetracked at
Fourth and Townsend streets. There
they were slumbering the other, nlpht
when Joe Ellsworth, a company.watch
man, was attracted by their/nasal duet.
It .was an eerie sound to proceed from
such a grewsome vehicle, and Ells
v.orth felt his hat rise as he'mounted
the platform and peeped, through the
glass door panel. He is still Avonderlnsr
how he managed to leap to! the ground
instead of falling to It, for what he saw
so thoroughly frightened him that all
his senses were hlprglety-pigglety until
he emerged from the railroad yard and
unbosomed himself to Special Officer
Connor. ., , "•¦:;. ¦ . ,
"Two corpses," he gasped, "and one
of "em has been dead so long that he's
as black, as your hat."
; "Gwan." said the special, whose
. • •
Monsieur Frank was then pro
nounced guilty of va'srancy. He will
be sentenced to-day, despite, his intim
ndatory allusion to **ze oowalre of
France."
"Eet eez ze great out-radge!" he ex
claimed. "Ze powaire of France, mine
countray, shall avenge eet! Sacre! 1
am in my house an' ze coppalre ar
restez. Diable! He shall suffalre for
eet!"
"Will you kindly inform us.V remark
ed the Judge, unheeding the expostula
tory outburst, "what you had your face
funneled for?"
"Eet was ze cold cure — ze ventlla
talre. I take ze fresh air through -ze
pipe, zen I breathe it out— pouf!, Ze
fresh air I breathe all ze time— while I
sleep, while I wake. Zen I nevairp
catch ze cold in ze throat — in ze lungs."
"Well, I don't know," mused his
Honor, "that a' bad cold wouldn't be
preferable to some of the things you
inhale through that pipe. From what
the complaining policeman has stated
about your dwelling place, I infer that
the circumambient atmosphere Is
neither odorous nor free from filth-bred
germs."
Close to where a wide sewer vomits
Its unsavory accumulations on King
street, between Sixth and Seventh, a
prowling policeman ran across a queer
looking hovel, with a one-inch metal
pipe projecting from its roof. Entering
the den, the officer found a small man
lying face upward upon a pile of gun
nybags, his mouth covered by the re
ceiving end of a funnel such as is used
fdr bottle filling, while the spout was*
attached to the pipe wh\ch pierced the
ceiling. He was asleep and when
awakened by the uninvited, visitor he
denounced the intrusion in' fractured
English. "Albert Frank, native of
France; vagrancy," was the summons
to which he responded In Judge Mo
gan's court. Very ragged and very
dirty he was and he listened to the po
liceman's story with ebullient indigna
tion.
A Jury in Judge Fritz's court was un
able to decide whether it was Mrs. An
nie. Snow or Miss May Clune that pur
loined from a Hayes street car a
satchel containing $45 worth of valu
ables which had been left there by a
lady. The conductor of the vehicle and
another witness swore positively that
Annie Snow took the bag and .May
Clune testified that it was she herself
who carried It away, and kept it two
weeks awaiting a claimant. The Judge
hinted that somebody was committing"
perjury. After the jury was discharged
his Honor announced that on Satur
day he would set the case of Annie
Snow for rehearing.
Mary Hurley, who cooked for a liveli
hood and washed dishes for recreation
at 2526 Ocean boulevard, owned by
Mrs. Drexler, absentee, and occupied
by Miss Christopherson, .housekeeper
pro tern., and Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Cross
ley and Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Rus
sell, lodgers, declined dismissal at the
hands of the temporary chatelaine and
held the kitchen against terrific odds
from 7 o'clock p. m. Wednesday till 2
a. m. Thursday, when she voluntarily
marched out v.ith^ flying colors and
drums beating, escorted by the bluer
coated reinforcement that the besiegers
had summoned.
"This person," said the cook lady to
Judge Mogan, and alluding to Miss
Christopherson, "had no authority to
discharge me. and it was only to avoid
further trouble that I surrendered. I
was engaged by Mrs. Drexler and when
she returns and hears of this outrage
there'll be something doing."
"You gave them quite a stand-.off,"
said his Honor, "but you disturbed the
peace, and it Is my duty to punish even
an Amazonian fracture of the law. I'll
sentence you to-morrow."
"Just wait till Mrs. Drexler comes
back," said Mary, warningly.
"Sorry I can't accommodate you,"
quoth the court, "as the date of the
lady's return is Indefinite, and justice
dislikes to be kept in suspense."
Continuing the case of Dr. T. F.
Brennan, accused of embezzling $38,000
intrusted to his keeping by the Rev.
Father Grey, until next Wednesday,
Judge Fritz Intimated that he will then
hold the defendant to the Superior
Court, as the conflicting character of
the testimony makes it advisable that
it be weighed by a jury. Attorney
Cannon for the defense stated that as
soon as the testimony is written he will
test the legality of the Magistrate's
decision by means of a writ of habeas
corpus.-
The charge of embezzling a watch
and chalice, the property of the same
complainant, was dismissed, Judge
Fritz holding that the evidence was
not sufficient to show dishonest intent.
According to the story told by the
complainant, Halsey was engaged to
marry her when he was forced to wed
another girl, and after the infant was
born he acknowledged it was his and
promised to pay for its keeping, but
has since neglected to do so. He is 26
years of age, resides with his wife and
baby and mother on Lincoln avenue,
and Is employed In a tile factory on
Mission street pending his appointment
as a policeman, for which he has
passed the civil service examination.
Miss Mersage was holding a respon
sible position in the office of the Union
Cracker Company when approaching
maternity compelled her resignation,
and she and her babe are supported by
her unmarried sister, a working girl,
whose wages scarcely suffice to keep
herself in comfort.
Judge Cabaniss is doubtful that the
law enables him to grant the complain
ant's petition, even if she proves its al
legations, and has given himself until
next Thursday to consult the statutes.
James F. Halsey, who was a Deputy
County Clerk during the Mahoney re
gime and now Is among' the duly-qual
ified eligibles for appointment to the
police force, denies paternity of the 2
months-old infant that Miss . Mamie
Mersage of 118 Langton street is en
deavoring to compel him to provide for.
The case is before Judge Cabaniss and
Mrs. Pettie of the Universal Service
Society is championing the young
mother's claim.
M. Conway was hawking a load of
coke for Mr. McCloskey of 941 Mission
street when he met same eld friends
and. fell by the wayside. After he had
spent $6 of Mr. McCloskey's money he
ti>leihoned to that gentleman that the
horpe, wagon and unsold coke could be
found at Bush and Webster stroets,
and that's where Mr. McCloskey re
ccvered all. but the $6. JudM Mogan
has '.lie case unrtei advisement.
The doctor denied that he had Uttered
threats or brandished either of the
weapons alleged. "The only knife I
handled," he said, "besides the one I
ate with was a corn-cutter, and I offer
ed it to my former wife as a gift."
The case was taken under advise
ment for a week. /
. "Why did you invite him to dinner?"
the Judge asked the complainant.
"Because he was broke and 1 didn't
like to think of him being hungry,"
was the answer.
It showed that since she assumed
single harness two months ago Ma
dame Richstein has. frequently Invited
her former spouse to dine with her, and
that they have had several amicable
tete-a-tetes. At her reauest he vis
ited her last Sunday' and it was during
dinner, of which Minta Lilly also-.par
took; that the doctor uttered the
threats complained of and emphasizing
them by brandishing a carving knife in
her face, his only provocation being hor
refusal to abandon palm-reading at the
rate of ten cents per hand and remarry
him. This statement was corroborated
In detail by Minta l^illy,' who alleged
in addition, the flourishing of a pocket
knife. . •, . ; •
"Dr." John J. Riclisteln, accused of
threatening to slay his divorced wife
and wrecking her cut-rate fortune-tell
ing establishment on Geary street, had
another hearing before Judge Mogan,
and the testimony of the complaining
witness and one of her assistant
seereses, Minta Lilly, served to lighten
rather* than blacken the defendant's
offense. . .
courage does not balk at anything:,
living or , deceased. "I'll" Det you a
month's pay they're live bums." :
And live bums they turned out to be
when Interrogated by Judge Mogan.
The negro said he came from Los An
geles and was a shoeblack by -profes
sion, and his white companion claimed
Portland as his home and added he had
always been a good Christian. Both
defendants stated that they had been
advised to sleep In the funeral car by
a brakeman who had routed, them out
of a cattle cage. "You'll be. 'dead safe'
in there," the facetious "Drakey" was
alleged to have said. '&*.', ".
They were given tw^ty-f our hours
apiece. ' • ' ¦ ;
Desperate Bedskins From
the Columbia Eiver Begion
Engage in Furious Duel
Judge Seawell's Caution in
Divorce /Matters . Causes
Pclay in Actor's S'llt
Last Testaments of Sarah
F. Thornton and Amelia K.
Hecht Filed for Probate
James F. Halsey, Alleged Hero; of Sensational
Marriage, Is Haled Into Court on Complaint
of Miss Mamie Mersage, a Former Sweetheart
INDIANS FIGHT
ON A BRIDGE
WOMEN LEAVE
LARGE ESTATES
EBBETTS MUST
WAIT AWHILE
ASPIRANT FOR POLICEMAN'S
STAR IN SERIOUS TROUBLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO .„ CALL, ; FRIDAY, MAY 20, , 1904.
16
Sold Uirsnjrhoat th« world. Cntlcnr* ReMlmt. «>•.
f!n form »f ChocolaM Coated Fill*. Ue. per Ttal at «0V
Otatmrat, JBc. Soap. Sic . Dtpntoi London. 17 Ch.rter-
booM Sq.t r»rin. Jl Rot d« la Falxi BfUm. I3T Colom-
bo. At*. Pol t«r Drur * Ch»n> , Corp.. Sftla Praprtkota. -
•VStad tat "Haw to Cart Kttrj UitMai." -
"I feel it my dnty to try to help those
•nflering from skin diseases. My case
¦vras a Very bad one, covering all of one
side of my face and had reached my
eye. I had two or three doctors pre-
scribe without 1 any relief. They, said
my disease was Epithclioma. I was
then advised to go to one of oar hos-
pitals, which I did, taking their treat-
ment for some time. I had given np all
hope when my husband asked me to try
the Caticnra Remedies. My face being
In . such . a very. . bad .* state, . I . used \ the
Cuticara Soap with lake- warm water,
and a small Milk sponge and then" applied
the Cuticura Ointment. I took one tea-
spoonful of the Resolvent four times a
day. .They, acted. like a charm, and In
one week's time my face was cured en-
tirely and has remained so. I certainly
can recommend the Coticura Remedies
as infallible." • . ,
MRS. A. Q. SMITH,
; 2400 Catharine St., -
FeK 0, 1903. W , A Philadelphia.
The purity and sweetness, the power
to afford immediate relief," the certainty
of speedy and permanent cure, the ab-
solute safety and fgreat economy have
made Cntlcura -Remedies the , standard
skin cures, blood purifiers and humor
remedies of the world. .»
Here is another of those remarkabla
cores of torturing, disfiguring akin hu-
mors dally made by Cnticnra Resolv-
ent, assisted by Caticnra Ointment and
8oap, after physicians, hospitals and all
else had failed. 1 '?};¦'
Which Acted Like a Charm
After Doctors and
Hospitals Failed.
CURED BY GUTIGURA
Covering One Side of
Face and Reaching
to. the Eye
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•••••©••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••s
I ...BARGAINS, j
I Friday and Saturday!
I Silk Shirt Waist SKIRTS I
• Suits Alpaca and fiohair •
I at $9.00 and $10.00 Skirts •
| Regular price £17.50 and Just what g wanted o
g $M.W now; black^ mvyt tant •
S ' a grav, brown and fancy ••
| Silk CoatS itripes, at -5
• Peau de Soie and heav. $3.50,$4.50and $6.00 |
o Taffeta Silk, . loose back/ R , ya , ue $sm $650 g
S latest styie trimming, at ° d «« 50 £
S $7.50, $8.50 and — — - g
| j $10.00 High Novelty Tailor •
g Regular price S12.50J15.00 jy\ a de Suits 8
g and # 17 - 50 Exquisite material, <3n g
8 $20.00 and $25.00 Voile saIe at |
8 Suits, brown, navy and $20.00 and $25.00 8
§ black, on. sale at Regular value $30.00 and •
8 $12.50 and $15.00 $35.00 8
• I i_ ¦ • •
8 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET 8
SoOOOeO9COOO>Og®OOOOQOOQeQOeOOQOQ»«»»O»OO»5»»
(/* >?/'>jSg'M[* ' i ¦ ¦ ' W* JwB i1 T H, I i 1 *J \ TFvbkf iJflL a ASgffW iW\
Four Good Specials for!
Friday and Saturday
Children's Days at Magnln's.
Children's |lv
Dress Dept. pJKg
CHILDREN'S DRESSES— *-t^f 1? ifiHwfl
162 in all; same style as illus- . f/g B 1 f^fiXl
tratcd; made of light blue ///< |> '|y fjB^a
chambray of good quality; sizes $ffitd<Wb ••ililj^
6 months to 2 years. A regular *'(:•'&*. if ili "fnaJr
$1.00 value — special for n/\ M^j
Friday and Saturday only •'^ _] VJ
Children's
Russian \jfl|*
Suspender H^^ 1 '
Dresses
! Same style as illustrated; made iwH MWfjtt
I with full kilted skirt; this sea- , iM^MW
1 son's very newest novelty'; ln]ffi*fcjk
\ made of pink and blue striped Him I \\XW
I Scotch gingham; sizes 2 to 7 I ifi)^
years. $2.50 value — Friday and I || Y
Saturday only .... **| «n W^"
GIRLS' LINEN SAILOR SUITS— Made with this sea-
son's n«west long-waist ed blouse; collar, cuffs and shield
neatly tailor stitched; hand-embroidered emblem on shield;
colorings gray, red, tan and light blue; sizes 6. 7. 8, 10, 12
I and 14 years. S5.50 valued— special for Friday tf«2 CA
and Saturday only.... / 4»«)»3v
] Children's . W^^^^^
Millinery Dept.
CHILDREN'S LINGERIE W^^W^^^^^m
HATS— Same style as illus- mm&Um ** SUsPei
trated; made of fine batiste and frffijt^&jckjy 'S^^^T^a
' trimmed with dainty designs of '^^^"i^^-ci^^^^^m
embroidery ruffles. These hats IL^I^*2^vi^5r
are very becoming for children y&a/pr vi5
from 2 to 6 years of age. $1.50 /^^y
value — special for Friday and f lfl/\ JL*^"- :
Saturday only ..... tf* < f\f\ J ,jf 1 \9
918-922 MARKET STREET
j"VanVroom"I
yi DENTAL PARLORS M
1 SIXTH and MARKET f]
50-LB SACK BEST ROCK SALT. 2Sc.
BEST SUGAR pound uHc
Fine dry granulated. ICO-lb sacks. Aiivance
predicted to *0.
BEST TABLE SYRUP. FULX. QUART 15c.
Fresh Butter g s ¥c
Compare quality with 33c and 40c butter.
BEST EGGS. LARGE SELECT. 2 DOZ. 43<?.
WOBCESTUBSHlBi: SATTCE-4 botB. '25C
Campbell's. Usually 12!ic bottle. Four limit.
8 CAKES CORONA LAUNDRY SOAP. 25c.
NEW TEAS, 60c klads .pound 3Sc
Any flavor you like. 22c saved.
10c BREAKFAST MUSHES. 3 FOR 23c.
XTAUA2? CASTII.E 3OAP.3-lb. bar 25c
Made from olive oil in Italy. Usually 33c.
25c MIXEI> CAKES. LB 17 He •
ZZXTABLS CLAEET gallon 40c
Excellent summer drink. Usually 60c.
25c PORT OR SHERRY. QT. EOTTLE 19c!
KE1TTXTCKY O X WHISKEY Y z gr&l
91.15
Good for tonic or for pleasure. Usually $."{ gal.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
1001 FILLMORE ST.
Formerly . Sproat's Market,
1049 MARKET STREET
Opposite Jones and 'McAllister.
Phone South 884. . . * <
4>PECiALS FOR
FRIDAY AND - SATU RDAY.
On Saturday evening:, from 7 to 10
o'clock only, we will sell 4-lb. cans
of PURE MOCHA AND JAVA COF-
FEE for 75c:- limit 3 cans. ; Come
early and avoid the. rush. ¦•
19' lbs. FINE DRY .GRANULATED
SUGAR . ............... .$1.00
(Others give 17 or 18.)
1-lb. can; TEA, any flavor; reg. 75c;
speciaK • . ... .... . . . • • • • • .6Oo
California FULL CREAM CHEESE,
fine flavor. ............ ... . • • . -lOo
3-lb. can LARD... •¦• - : . •'• • • • • • • -30c
4 lbs. best CAROLINA HEAD RICE
. . . . . ... . V . . . .. . .............. .350
; (Extra large grain.)
50-lb. sack BEST FAMILY FLOUR,
51.10; 100 lbs. :. . .'. ...... .V. ' .'.$3.15
,16c bottle CHOW CHOW: ...... .10o
JUDGE SALMON; regular ; 25c cans,
special ....... ..... • • • . ..'... . .ISo
(Packed in porcelain jars.)
ORANGE CIDER, 1 something fine;
* full' quart ' bottle .:..'. . .". . . .'. . . . 18c
.TABLE RELISHES; reg. 10c; < spe-
. clal ¦".'.:''. . :..;.; . ..... . .".'.... . . .Bo
FANCY : TOILET SOAP. 9 9.7 ; pure.- . C •
" cakes for.'.'. . ; . ... . . • ..'.'....'. . :25o
.FRESH RANCH EGGS, (no limit).
i dozen . . .' . . ...... ............. 20o
BUTTER f AND ¦¦ EGG . SALE now. on.
V Come and: try. those ,2-lb.' squares,
full weight Manchester -butter.
• The best in the city, per sqr...4So
I I L More Good Tea Jl
I More Good Coffee
I More Good Spices
I More Coupons
I More Pretty Premiums
| o Watch Our *
1 W Prices Talk. *p
H It Pays to Trade 1
I Great American Importing Tea Go's
0 StOrCS 206 Third
B 861 Market 210 Grant ave. 1419 Polk
I) 140 Sixth 1813 Deviaadaro 705 Larkin
¦ 475 Haiffht 3006 Sixteenth i» Hayes
H S2SS Mission 521 Monty'y ave. 52 Market
H 2003 Fillmore 2516 Mission 146 Ninth
g 866 Third 469 Foarth 2732 14th