The Sunday Call MagazineThe two men bowed/ and were Boon
in the thick of an animated conversa
tion on the Tsar's tour, the American
evincing a natural but exceedingly ill-
the Journey win tureljr yield se> traglo
records.'. : But ;, X { am : forgetting vi »y
duties. Let me present to you a friend
of mine ; from } America, traveling I for
pleasure.'. 3 Colonel Delayal^Tcome here
and make the acquaintance of one. al
ready distinguished and about to add
to his laurels. This is Monsieur Vol
borth/: who; Is. about to accompany. the
Emperor, on his tour." .
. . Bhe : had { been ; conversing, with ..Vol
borth in. French— the Janguage, of po
lite | Petersburg. - But fb* addressing-, the
man * at the window she spoke in 'Rus
sian/'and In obedience to her behest he
turned toward the room) presenting the
broad/florid face of the American who,
not two ' hours before, on the steps of
the Third Section bureau, had accosted
the seeming Russian moujik in English.
" Deep waters," thought Volborth,
who had recognized his fellow- visitor
the moment he entered. "If be knew
our language, why . did he not use it
then? v It is curious, too, for an Amer
ican to speak i '•>•. Russian and \ not
French." : - • ¦ . -. ' :
"You must not expect me to dispar
age the most cherished of our Institu
tions, Colonel Delaval," said he, with
just enough latent sarcasm in his tone
to hint at no great fondness for the po
lice. "SericJusly, though, the answer to
your question must depend on two con
tingencies—whether any need for Res
tofski's services will occur, and, sec
ondly, whether he will be competent to
deal with it if It does. I am not com
petent to offer an opinion . on either
point." . 't\;
He laid the faintest possible stress
on the personal pronoun — so faint that
It would not be noticed but by one coa-
this RestofskL However loyal one is.
ene cannot - know •> policeman, but" he
struck me es being fit for the work— If
prying Impertinence Is a qualification."
'/ The American was listening with the
air 'of "tha. knowledge -gather ing for
eigner.
"But »ureIy, M he chimed In, "these
precautions of your officialdom are
somewhat stagey : and super flo us ? This
Restofski now, and his myrmidons—
they are. more for the purpose of Im
perial show, I take It, than for any real
services they are likely to render?"
Volborth laughed gayly.
sclous of a merited Innuendo. This
scarcely perceptible emphasis was one
of those baits which he habitually
threw out In the course of his wily fish
ing; but, keenly as he wa toned, he
could "'detect no sign either that the
American or the Princess rose to It.
Not by the quiver of an eyelid did they
show that they possessed the knowledge
which Volborth disclaimed, much less
that they suspected him of implying
that they had It. • *
Olga Palitzin was toying with a Jew
eled paper-knife, and with It she
stabbed playfully at Volborth.
"Of course you know nothing of such
things, Paul," she laughed. "How
should you, when Colonel Delaval is
probably right, and there Is nothing to
Know? But come, let us discuss some
thing more interesting than vulgar fry
like Nihilists and police agents. "What
fun'you will have on the journey, Paul!
You should' gather materials for a
comedy in watching the pretty idyl be
tween those fondest of betrothed lovers,
Boris . Dubrowskl and his mald-of
honor. Was there ever such. luck as
for them both v to be of the suite? No
parting/ no tears;- no, possible cause of
Jealousy."
v Volborth raised his eyebrows and re
garded her with a significant smile.
No social rumors escaped him. and well
he knew that the, fair lima VassJH had
.found her. cause of Jealousy already
"in the beautiful woman who spoke
thus lightly of her betrothal to the
Tsar's handsome aide-de-camp. The
Imminent breach between the two
affianced members of the royal house
hold, owing to Dubrowski's sudden in
fatuation for Olga' Palitzin, was on
every' lip. Volborth had already taken
steps to test the depth of that infatu
ation by ascertaining that the captain
informed curiosity about the topic of
the hour, and the Princess chiming in
,with light persiflage, t
v She was a striking personality— the
Princess Olga Palitzin, daughter of one
of Russia's noblest ' houses. Though
she must have been fully, twenty-seven
years of age, she had kept a rare, al
most childlike, freshness of complex
ion. Her features were fine and clear
ly cut, and her face knew how to vary
Its expression according: to the feelings
she wanted to show. She had soft, full
lips, nnd steel, blue eyes that gazed in
tently and yet gave no sign of how
much they could comprehend. . . . -
All her movements were graceful, and
she had a singularly even voice, that
produced a strange, Impression. It was
exceedingly soft and melodious, but at
the same time. so- quiet and indifferent
that ,it seemed as if Its /owner could
never love or hate.'j or- indeed feel any
intense emotion^ The Princess, being
to the manner born, moved in the, very
highest of Petersburg isociety, and she
was equally at home in Paris and
Vienna^ffl^BB -
"You" will >have to behave yourself,
you haughty - Paul," said she . in • her
Parisian manner, but still speaking in
Russian. '.'They . tell me that the tour
will be little better than a progress of
policemen, .with our august sovereigns
as a.- centerpiece. The name of the
Third Section man in charge has been
kept .very, dark, but a little bird whis
pers me that it is Restofski who goes
in command of the army of spies."
i Volborth ; nodded a careless assent. ,
. "I : know ' it ¦ to my. cost already," he
said,- with* a grimace of amused disgust.
"I was ho sooner selected for, my liter
ary mission than < I was , hauled before
Granovitch to have all my\ antecedents
turned inside '* out in the presence of
as aha rose to greet her latest visitor
she tossed the American a side glance
which distinctly said "Go!" and to Vol
borth himself accorded a deprecatory
shrug suggestive of compulsory adieus.
Colonel Delaval obediently bowed him
self out, but Volborth, nodding yrlth
friendly familiarity to the new-comer.
held bis ground. He did not Intend to
be hampered with a companion on leav
ing the room.
The young officer's usually bright and
handsome face waa clouded as he
grasped the hand of his hostess.
"I am desolate, my dear Princess," he
began. "I have only ten minutes at
your disposal, and, alas! I must use
them for saying farewell!"
"What! you do not dine with me to
night?" exclaimed Olga, and for once
Volborth thought* he could catch a
metallic snap In her generally even
tones.
"Unfortunately, no," replied Duhrow
skl ruefully. "His Majesty has com
manded the attendance of an extra
ald-de-camp this evening, and I am
next for duty. I cannot help myself In
such a case, as you know. I can only
obey — and hate my luck."
Polite usage offered only one course
to Volborth. He rose and took leave of
the Princess, with a cheery Au revolr
to Dubrowskl, who was, however, far
too perturbed to care about or under
stand his meaning. Olga's adieus were
abundantly civil, but they were spoken
with a rapidity that scarcely veiled the
satisfaction she felt at his departure.'
"I must take advantage of this
change of plans," Volborth said to him
self as he closed the door behind him.
'"Whatever object she had In asking
him to dinner to-night she will en
deavor to gc.n now— in the next few
minutes."
He cast a quick glance up and down
the corridor, and after taking half a
dozen steps toward the h»ad of * the
staircase, quietly went back on the
tips of his patent leather shoes to the
door. It was veiled with a heavy por
tiere, and, , gliding behind the velvet
folds, he applied his ear to the panel.
down a corridor hung with priceless art
gems to a curtained door which the
senior servant' flung wide, at the' same
time announcing the visitor. ''
,: "Ah,. Monsieur Volborth, truant and
man of bad faith. So at last, after
many days,* you . deign to visit .poor
roe?*: was the playful greeting accorded
him by a lady " who- carhe forward with
butBtretchedhand.: . ' " '; :
"Only five days, Princess," said Vol
borth, raising the hand to his lips with
easy gallantry. "But you are right-— to
me, at any rate, the days have seemed
as years." Here-he became conscious
that the room had another occupant— a
man standing at one of the windows
gazing down the street. Volborth had
the knack of seeing without looking,
and -•. he ?: added quite . naturally, and
,wlthout ; allowing his hostess to per
ceive that the sight of that silent flg r
ure was the cause of the addition, "I
Aave^.beencvery busy,- and I am only
here now* because I am come to make
my adieus.'.'
"You are leaving Petersburg, then?
Ah! gaj- one/for Paris, without doubt?"
said the Princess with no. more sem
:blance of Interest than politeness re
quired.;. • . ' ¦
."For Paris later; but to-morrow for
.Vienna; in the. train •' of their : Imperial
Majesties,'". . said ; Volborth.-. . speaking
rapidly, so as to gain the advantage of
surprise. ¦ "Congratulate .me, my dear
Princess; I have "been : appointed re
? corder of \ their , Majesties', wanderings,
and am to travel en; suite." v- , ¦ ;
; For the fraction of a second a gleam
blazed'up In the -fine eyes of r the ; Prln
,cess, thougtf it might well .have been
due to. what was,' as It stood, an Inter
esting announcement. Then she broke
into; a -ripple of merry, laughter.
. • "You ; are ¦ one of • Fortune's > spoiled
children," -she Bald gayly. "I. do,, lri-
' deed, .congratulate you," and > their Ma
jesties also. With'such a bright butter
fly as our '' own' Paul ? for its historian,
"To ascertain that, my. Tarasch, was
the object of 'my Invitation" to him,"
said Volborth to himself. ; He trusted
this man implicitly, but it was charac
teristic of him that not'tili an hour be
fore he started would he confide the
fact of his own approaching departure.
He placed a sprls: of gardenia'ln his
button-hole, flfeked a' speck of 'dust
from the silken lapel of his /rock coat,
and, taking his hat and *. cane from
Tanisch, descended; into the street.' No
one would have. dreamed that the well
groirmed Russian. "gentleman of the
modern ]" type'^, was ¦' -'the
most trusted agent of the eec'reV police,
starting on the fltst- stage of the most
terrible ever confided to
man. In age, perhaps, nearlng -forty,
clean-shaven Bave for a carefully
trained mustache, and, with a face
showing, to a marked j degree, when, in
repose, the impassive coldness of his
race, he would never have been credited
with his most deadly . attributes-f-an
alertness that never slumbered, a swift
ness that struck sure, and an, Inexor
able, disregard for feeling- that never
spared. ¦
In a word, Paul Volborth's success
had hitherto been due to "a devotion to
duties for which, by temperament. and
choice, he was pre-eminently fitted.
Had he loved his work less, he would
still have done his work well from
sheer ability; wedded to.it as he was,
he became the most potent factor in .the
councils of the Nihilists, ; who had, to
make allowance in all their schemes for
an unknown forcethat seemed ever In
their midst— penetrating ',thelr .." secret
souls and yet utterly, untraceable. - V
, To such'a man the sensation of being
"all at sea," and that at such a crisis
as the present, with? the Emperor's life
depending on his- knowing the set of
every undercurrent, came as a' bracing
nerve-tonic. "While dressing, . he had
rapidly surveyed the
combinations in the capital, and he had
decided not to fritter/ away his few
hours in fishing waters already well
explored. Rather would he act on the
theory which he had Imparted to Gran - t
ovitch, and . try ¦ for a . thread to ¦ the
"new grouping" which . a growing con
viction, told him existed.; .
"Take i me to the house of the Prin
cess Palitzin," was the' Instruction he
gave to the droschkl driver, who ; drew
up In response to his hail. % - './ ','{.
• A few minutes later he was mounting
the staircase of a splendid mansion on
the Great . Morskaia, escorted . by f two
Swiss lackeys in the canary, and "•: red
Palitzin liveries. - Arrived pn the; first
landing. £a waa conducted *»iii* way
begged you to excuse him," was. the re
ply. "He was too pressed to write a
note, being up to the eyes tri prepara
tions for his departure with, their'Ma
jesties' to-morrow.'.' He desired me to
say that he was engaged to dine at the
Princess Olga Palttztn's to-night."
• Copyright by Dodd, Mead & Co. — All
Rights Reserved.
' ] CHAPTER L
THE EVE OF DEPARTURE/
„ rVEXERAL GRAXOVITCH. the
I / chief of the Russian secret police
; Wj —the dreaded "Third Section"—
' \u^ 6at writing in the private room
• of his bureau on the Nevski Prospect.
A busy man always, he was busier than
, ever that day. On the morrow his im
perial master was to commence the
tour which for months had been the
talk of Europe, and on Ivan Grano
vHch's shoulders Ia7 the responsibility
. fcr the safety of the young Tsar and
his stately bride.
' Presently the general laid .down his
pen and touched a hand-bell on the
desk.
"Has Volborth come yet?" he In
quired of the official who answered the
summons.
"Monsieur Volborth Is in the wait
ing-room. Excellency," was the reply.
"Send him in."
*. The man who entered the chiefs
J room a minute later was apparently a
peasant — a typical Russian moujik, un
kempt and ill-clad. A mass of tangled
• hair framed and nearly concealed his
fare, and he carried a greasy elieep
skiji cap in his hand. But as he
I crossed the room to stand before the
desk his step was confident and lissom
— by no means the cringing: jjait that
¦ might have bepn expected from his cos
• tyme. Moreover, he did not smell of
Vtfki.
The chief leaned back in his chair
. and smiled approvingly.
"Really, my dear Volborth. I must
•compliment you on your perfect pro
tean-facility for disguise," he said.
"VVhy,.you must have spent hours on
•• that make-up."
"It is the penalty I pay for having to
. do most of my real work in my own
personality. / General," was the reply.
. spoken in cultivated accents. "My
value to the section would be largely
i; discounted if I were recognized cross
ing this threshold."
"I know that," said Granovitcb, "and
it is a credit to your Ingenuity that to
the wc-rld at large — above all, to that
smaller world with which we are con
cerned—you are still Paul Volborth,
iiterary trifler and favorite of society.
-But to business. I should like to be
favored with your final view of the
situation."
"I find no Indications which ¦would
•"warrant the canceling or postponement
of- the imperial journey," replied Vol
borth. "There Is a total absence of
movement end excitement in suspected
circles, and outwardly everything
points to a quite abnormal state of
calm. If I were to say to his Majesty,
'Don't go!' I could put my finger on no
tangible reason for the warning, and
yet— I am very, very anxious, General.
. 2t .is this deadly stillness among the
gentry of the knife and bomb.- It Is
unnatural."
Granovitch stroked his Iron-gray
beard thoughtfully.
"There was movement and exdte
¦ ment enough two months back— in
June," he said, after a pause. "And
• nothing apparently to account for It.
<Jan it tave been that plans were made
.and schemes laid then which are to
bear fruit now? It has before crossed
. my mind that that may have been a
bogus agitation, designed to furnish a
reason for the disappearance of dan
gerous characters whose work Is only
¦: cow to begin — outside our jurisdiction."
, "That view necessarily presents it
| self; but as you know, diligent search
by our agents abroad has failed to find
these persons," replied Wolborth. VWel
etskl, Serjov, KraEnovitch, and Anna
Tchlgorin have, to all seeming:, van
ished from the face of the earth. And
Dlinitri Petrof, the arch-plotter, and
formerly most active of those still in
St. Petersburg, is as quiet as a sucking
dove. He is perfectly open In his com
ings and eoings. The closest watching
has failed to trace him to suspicious
company, ot to saddle him with the
dispatch or receipt of treasonable, let
'ters. In this connection. General, an
idea occurs."
"And that is?"
"That they have appointed a new
executive head — some Individual
.against whom no breath of suspicion
has ever blown, even from this office,"
said Vclborth earnestly. "If they were
contemplating a grand coup, it would
have been quite worth their while to
. reorganize specially for the purpose of
biffing us. It would account for Pet
rof s present quietude. In order to let
the blow come from an entirely unex
pected quarter, be may have surren
dered his authority to unseen hands,
possibly even remaining In ignorance
• of details, cf subordinates, of every
thing."
"That Is a startling theory—that of a
new gang of the utterly unsuspected,"
exclaimed Vie chief, rising and pacing
the room uneasily. "Unceasing vigi
lance over their Majesties* persons
'could alone save them tronv such peo
ple. And I have not only to protect
their lives, I must epare them the hor
ror of an attempt. How can we coun
teract such a danger. Volborth, pre
suming it to exist?*'
"I have already endeavored to coun
teract it," was the reply. "That is to
Fay, for a month past I have made a
point of suspecting every one— entirely,
I repeat, without result." •
For over a minute there was silence
In tha room, and then Granovitch, halt-
Ins euddenly, faced about and ' con
fronted Volborth, who was still stand
lnar by the desk.
"My friend." he said, "there is no one
. CpHIS is the first Install
ment of "By a Hair's
I Breadth," a novel of rare
interest just at the present
. time, while the eyes of the
-world are focused on St. Pet
. ersburg. It tells of the plot
and counterplot that keep
the Czar in constant jeopardy
. and. how marvelously he is
safeguarded by the dreaded
. "Third Section."
Setter fitted for this task than your
self. You must accompany his Majesty
as the chief agent of the section,
though not openly as such. Existing
arrangements will stand. Restofski
will act as the visible head of the po
lice who are to travel en suite, but h«
¦will be at your orders. He is absolute
ly to be depended on, and lias done
good work under you before. You BhaJl
go In the character of official historian
of the tour. That will be in keeping
with your avowed occupations." .'•¦
"I am at the disposal of the section,"
said Volborth ' calmly. "I should wish
to stipulate that my real capacity is
known to as few erf the suite as possi
ble — say, *o Prince Lobanof and the
chief aide-de-camp."
"A wise precaution, and It shall be
attended to," said Granovitch. "I will
send for Restofski at once and explain
the situation to him. For yourself, it
might be well if you took a last look
round."
"I Bhall be busy between now and the
hour of departure, to-morrow," an
swered Volborth significantly. "I shall
see you before we leave? Good!. Then,
for the present, farewell. General."
The moment he was over the thres
hold of the private room his gait
changed to a shambling slouch,, in
keeping with his dress. Passing
through the antechambers and hall,
he bowed crlnglngly to several officials;,
who were well aware of hts high posi
tion in the section, but who treated
him to the stony stare, and in one or
two instances to the curse, they would
have accorded to the genuine moujik.
It was not likely, but it was possible,
that even within the precincts of the
bureau there might be sharp eyes pry-
ing on those whose one duty it was to
pry. r_..*v .
Volborth passed through the swing'
doors on to the broad flight of steps
that leads to tfiestreet level, and half
way down he met- a man who was as
cending with the evident intention of
entering the building. The one glance
that Volborth shot from under his
shaggy, false eyebrows told him that,
the visitor to the section bureau was
neither a Frenchman nor a Russian,
his somewhat "loud" tailoring: being
more suggestive of a British or Ameri
can tourist His complexion' was florid
almost to redness, and his clean-shaven
face was Ijroad and good-natured,
though, as he stopped and accosted Vol
borth, the latter, Was conscious of a
curious dilatation of the smiling eyes.
"Sa, can you inform me if this is the
American consulate?" he inquired,, in a
language and accent that left no doubt
as to his nationality. • : .
But Volborth, who, Jspea king six lan
guages like a native/, understood' him
thoroughly, merely shejok-hls head, And,
grunting inarticulately, proceeded on
his way. With a shrug of his shoulders
the stranger entered the > 'swinging
doors and was lost to view. '.
"There is either a" very guileless or a
very deep specimen of the traveling
Yankee,", muttered Volborth/. as he
loitered a '.little .way. off . to x see ; what
would happen.' \"A moujik, especially
one of my forlorn' appearance; would
hardly be expected by a pane person to
speak English. . I wonder how soon he
will discover his mistake— If mistake It
was. Ah! he has been .already enlight
ened—and shown the door."
For the American had reappeared on
the top of the .steps in the company of
an official, who by his gestures was evi
dently pointing out the desired direc
tion. Having apparently thanked his
informant, the seeker for the^Consulate
came leisurely down, the steps and be
came merged in the, throng of foot
passengers on the pavement.
"Let me see." said Volb'orth to him
self, "old Bratski is on duty in the hall
of the bureau. He may be trusted to
do the right thing and verify that
'error.' Ah! that is .well; there goes
the shadow." 'j: J ~ •'* '--.
A pondescript individual had come
out of the buUdins and had followed
in the direction taken by the Ameri
can. Having satisfied himself that the
spy of the section had picked up the
trail, Volborth shambled on, and, pass
ing Into the poorer quarter of the city,
dived at length down a. dark alley,
where he entered a wretched house that
was little better than a hovel.
He remained but a short time within,
for the house was only one. of several
lairs he kept in different parts of the
city for the purpc«e of changing his
disguises when on his way to : or from
the bureau. When he came out It was
by a back exit leading Hto another
alley behind, and now it was in the
garb of a petty shopkeeper that he re
traced his way to more aristocratic re
gions. So much store did he set on
preserving the secret of his. connection
with officialdom that he always took
the precaution of a double change be
fore approaching the bureau.
His own residence, where he lived
openly the life at Paul Volborth— man
of birth, man of fashion and man of
letters— was on the Michael Strasse,
and even here he went through the
pantomime of ringing the bell and par
leying with the confidential servant-—
himself an agent of police— who opened
to him. Had watchful eyes been on the
master of the house they would have
seen nothing but a shabby tradesman
applying for admission that was tar
dily granted.: :/
Once inside, Volborth hastened to his
dressing-room and set about metamor
phosing himself into his own proper
person preparatory to- the "last 'look
round" suggested by the i chief of the
Third Section.' While donning: the
clothes of a -Russian gentleman, he
busied his brain with mapping out the
few hours at his disposal.
"Yes," he: thought, as he surveyed
himself in the glass, "the fair Palitzin
must have a visit. If some seemingly
more Important ones are left unpaid.
•I am due to offer her. my respects so
cially, even were there no other reason.
Bah! it isn't a reason,' and yet— I don't
know. There is something vague and
shadowy about that woman— an atmos
phere, shall I call it?— that stimulates
ray • instincts, . and my instincts . have
yielded reasons before now. - Tarasch,".
he added aloud to the" grave man
servant who was aiding his change of
attire, "did you take that note to Cap
tain Dubrowskl . of the . Imperial
Guard?" .
"I did, monsieur, and the Captain
/THE- SAN FRANCISCO- SUNDAY yCMIL
aide-de-camp, having the "Jff? ab _
him on his travels, may cry for the ab
sent sunl" " fin,-—, talk at
"Ah! yon hare heard? They tatt«
the clubs'" said Olga. dearly, not m-
S^ed with Se hint of *«£»$£
"He is a foolish fellow, our dear Bor£
to come dangling here s o ofte b. w ere
he not leaving with him
morrow. I should have had *?*£•«»
away. It would never do for It to t*
SSt court that I ~ »«£*
trothed of the Tsarina's f*™£te_ maU^
of-honor to break Jalth. Boris Is men
an impetuous boy." TmDerlal
G^SJr^xS^Sd * lackey, throwing
open the door. _
With Jingle of spurs and clank of
.word tie subject of their smaH talk
entered, gorgeous In &e * Uttfi l£?
uniform of the Household Jboqi That
the Princess was not expecting
plain to- th» ceaseless *&*f?***™:
berth. Equally plain was It that^aha
¦was ready for ti* ejaexseacac »* e*" 1
BY A HAIR'S BREADTH
2.;. lima had shifted "her; gaze from Vol
borth to her recreant lover, .. and she
perceived that his face.was crossed by
a shade of annoyance. Discipline pre
vailed, however, and, quickly mastering
himself, Boris yielded cheerful submis
sion to the command. V '
"Very". good. General," he replied. ."I
will-go, at. once.. May. I take a minute
in which to scribble a— a note?"
By this time. the rest of the liberated
suite were' busy with plans for the day;
some 'were leaving the salon,
and -the 'little matter of the changed
iaides-de-camp was attracting no atten
tion, Only- Ilnia, watching half -hidden
by ithelwindow curtain, ; saw a . quick
telegraph .' of -Inquiry flash from De
Bolsdeff re's -: eyes before he answered
the question.' Its direction • was to
; •where -i Volbroth stood in apparently
careless converse ..with ..Count Worbn
zoff 'v.behihd; ; Dubrowski's ;back.< "A
; tenth -1 of f a ; second 'elapsed, v arid [the
-chief :- of .the staff /gave ¦¦ the ; required
peririission,* turning away;immediate
ly^ toV join . a ¦ group • of '¦. officers. .
Upon ; this. < Boris produced a , pocket
; book.i tore out ? a \ \ez.t \ and /wrote a few
; lines ;in ) pencil.'":. Then;*} looking about
•him/; hlsTeyes lighted 'on ; Volborth, ywho
r put himself 1 forward much as a sharper
* '.'forces" -; a' card ; on s his opponent.
- " "Ah,: Paul,; you are -the . very- man,"
: ' .: - '¦¦ '¦ ; ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ i
ahced bride:, and yet It would be an
outrage to ask her to despatch a tele
gram from him to her rival.
"A "thousand thanks— to both of you,"
he. stammered; "but on second thoughts
I will not send the telegram at all."
And tearing the paper, he thrust the
pieces into the breast of his tunic and
abruptly quitted the salon. .
The effect of his abrupt departure
was that Volborth and lima were left
confronting each other, the mald-of
honor looking-ttlightly flushed and tri
umphant, the police agent bland and
smiling. Volborth was at a loss to ac
count for.-her demeanor, but he had no
intention j of remaining so. Neither of
them- knew- for certain yet, but each
suspected that the little scene just en
acted was the commencement of a
duel.' between them, and lima was un-
Klerithe impression that by preventing
him -from taking the telegram she had
scored the . first hit. Like a true
woman, she so far forgot caution as to
try to "rub It In." ;
'< "I believe that you are disappointed
at- not being able to run that errand
for Captain Dubrowski," she said; with
a trace. of defiance. *-.
: .-"On the contrary, mademoiselle, I re
joice to be relieved of it," Volborth re
plied suavely. "My time is valuable to
me, and, judging by, his destruction of
Eton had caused the Countess' jesting
accusation. . Volborth's j method .-was a
combination of subtlety and daring, and
it* was* Atypical of -this; method; to thns
moot ¦ boldlyf his ; concealed employment
as a 'Joke in order .;tb'n6te how. It' would
> be taken. As it ; was, ? the " laugh at the
Incongruity of. his being ;either a Nihil
ist'or-a-police agent* was gerierar "with
one t exception.".', lima /'was . still
standing by the ; window, Vand Volborth
became conscious that she was : regard-;
ing him with a grave :•; , ¦. •
V It '.Instantly ; recurred I to y, him ;» that
early 7> i»* the : Journey 'from ? Petersburg
the young mald-of-honor.had seen him
in'conyerBationf with JFtestofski. ':'.{ He u had
been* most ' careful • to ; avoid * open] com
munication \with his -subordinates of
the" section,* but at^one jof .the ; stoppages
it had ',been T absolutely . necessary, 1 owing
to ah telegram' from headquar
ters, for: Restofski » lo, consult; hljn ; \ and
having ;' received f. thei' pre-arranged !; sig
nal; 7 Volborth * had - ) slipped : from V- his
salon-carriage;a'nd .'had'igone . tojthat Jn
which the police -agents Avere travelliij.
lima ¦ had chanr^d ', tbj.pass v at • the i time.;
He ¦ had ; a i high opinion of I the ; girl's " in--'
telllgence, and; he wondered > whether,
she ; was • now "putting two "arid : two', to^
•gether.".';; --J'-:;. y;\ ~''-"r- ¦'•."// v'-^ "' :'-v-<-
Further, surmise was for the moment
curtailed by; the 'entrance . of;:' General
Restofskl, a . heavy-lipped, clean
shaven man— a human automaton ¦ > in
the art of spying— nodded comprehen
sion, and disappeared down the next
flight of stairs in the direction of the
couflyard, while -the chief "of the staff
and Volborth made .their way/along; the
noble corridors to their \ own" '¦} wing,
where they separated, De- Boisdeffre
entering . his ' own < private
and Volborth proceeding to) the salon.
Up to the moment when he turned; the
handle' of the door his brows were knit
in deepest thought,'-: but > when % he • en
tered he met the ripple of laughter that
greeted his appearance with an ami
able smile, joining as if by accident
the group of which Boris ' Dubrowski
made one. ¦;'..-. •' i .'
"No, I have not been' consulted' about
the weather," he replied to the banter
ing questions as to his recent'where
abouts. "I had certalnarrears of work
to make up — In the privacy of my own
apartment." > '
The Countess Vassili was near
enough to overhear the remark. • v
"Oh," come, l Monsieur Volboth, \ that
won't do," she wheezed, with a foolish
woman's aptitude • to say awkward
things. "Everybody else thinks that
you are bowed down 'with the cares of i
office, or that you' are pretending to be.
I don't. In my opinion you are 'up' to
""I will not check them here. The dear
Boris shall go this trip. I will fight the
thing out on the spot, and kill tlie
snakes once for all. I should only
scotch them by striking prematurely
now." ¦'¦V--'-
"Nu!" vas his last decision, as. he
hailed a droschki and save the word for
one of his changing dens in the city.
Reaching the street, he walked some
way In such deep thought that it was
J*>rtunate that he met no one who
knew him.
as aide-de-camp, and which would
hedire the fair Olga with a cordon of
ppies from the section. I think that
would be a false move. If there Is a
plct. it ha? pone too far to be stifled by
laying bands en the principals. The
men and women are probably on the
ground — in Austria. Germany, Eng
land, Paris— where they are to strike,
already. Interference now might alter
their plans, but it would not hinder the
attempt."
Like a pike at a gudgeon. Dubrowski
snapped at the proposal, and promising
to keep the Prim-ess informed of his
movements past and future — especially
future — lie drifted Into the common
places of a wild flirtation. Volborth
kept his 5tction behind the portiere till
sounds of final farewell warned him
that it was time to go.
- "It all fits in." he said to himself as
he descended the broad staircase to the
street. "If I am right in my views, she
is using him as a tool — as an innocent
reporter of the imperial movements. I
should be justified in making a repre
sentation to- Granovitch which would
cancel this love-sick fool's appointment
' "But that is not all." the Princess
went on, with increasing earnestness.
"This Is even more important. Where
practicable, without drawing attention,
you must telegraph to me here in
Petersburg, or elsewhere, if I move,
the programme of the next clay's fetes
and engagements, so that — drop, my
hand, foolish boy— I may be with you
In spirit through all your Junketings at
the tall of royalty." .
"How delightful! It will add a xest
to my fatiguing duties to write you
thus dally," cried the young guardsman
with enthusiasm.
"Oh! but that will be splendid!"
cried Dubrowski, Jumping at the pro
posal.
"Listen, then," Olga proceeded, and
her tone was unusually Impressive.
'•"You must write me a full account of
each day's doings during the Imperial
tour, remembering that in a matter so
intimately affecting yourself the ml
.nutest details will interest me. No
love-letters, mind. Incidents are what
I want, and descriptions of the vie in
lime of the journey — whether the Coun
tess Vassili is particularly silly, Res
tofskl particularly odious, and so on.
All the scandal of the trip. In fact, with
unconsidered trifles In the way of
nihilist scares and such-like thrown
In."
"Y«iu must not be foolish and rash.
Boris— at any rate, till I have given you
a definite reply. There are reasons why
I cannot do ro at present. Let us do
That we can to make the pain of sepa
ration loss; say. by corresponding fre
quently by letter and telegram — every
day. if you like."
"I tell you, Olga, I am miserable—ab
jectly miserable— at the prospect o? this
long separation." the young aide-de
cajnp was saying impetuously. "And
all the more because I can get nothing
definite from you as to your real feel
ing for me. You are a perfect mystery
—a sphinx. Though you have made me
care lor >ou almost against m;* will, I
know no more than I did a month ago
whether you care for me. I would risk
everything— my career, the Emperor's
¦favor, the respect of my friends. I
would break with lima if only—"
"It is my urgent command that you
do nothing of the kind— yet," Interrupt
ed the ir.U5ical voice of the Princess.
"Captain Dubrowski," proceeded De
Boisdeffre, "his Majesty purposes
spending - the day at the castle of
Lalnz, In the Jiope that, if the weather
moderates, he may havejspme shooting.
He 'will drive; thitheifr in\half : an hour
from 'now. You. are the , test' sports
man on the staff, and . I detail you,
"therefore, -to accompany' him • in place
of Captafin Baron' Alten, who Is hereby
relieved'. from duty. ."•. You will ' present
yourself in his 'Majesty's anteroom
forthwith." -..<; '.t~ :
de Bolsdeffre, who at; once created a
diversion by Informing the waiting
suite that the orders for the day had
been canceled, that the review would
take' place on the morrow, and that the
Tsar and his party, would go straight
from the parade ground to the railway
station V to take , their . .- departure for
Kieff. Si - The announcement , .was re
ceived with a universal chorus of ap- :
proval, in which Volborth joined with
out showing- that he was watching
Boris Dubrowskl's every movement.
, On- hearing of the j change of/ pro
gramme, the young officer evinced by
a glance at the door, and -by a half -
turn toward it, that ;he meditated leav
ing the salon. , If. such was his Impulse
the chief of the staff -promptly checked
it. ' ' ."•'" ¦ - ¦" "•¦' : ".. ' :
CHAPTER IL
THE EEG INNING OF THE PERIL.
It was the morning after the Tsar's
arrival in Vienna, and the rain splashed
down in torrents on the excited citizens
who thronged the broad Ringstrasse
and surged right up to the gates of the
Hofburg. According to the programme
of festivities the Russian monarch was
id be present at a grand review on the
Schmelz parade ground, and the
drenched sightseers never dreamed that
the potentate of the icy north would be
prevented by "a little weather" from
attending the function.
Inside the palace, however, a rumor
already prevailed that a postponement
¦was under discussion by. imperial host
and guest. The ladies and. gentlemen
of the Russian suite, a brilliant bevy
in Parisian millinery and gala uniform,
had gathered to await the summons to
the carriages in the grand salon of
the wing In which they were accommo
dated, and they were discussing, the
situation as one in which they had a
very personal Interest.
"I am sure I hope that this delay
does mean postponement," remarked a
lady of Imposing appearance but rather
silly expression, who sat on a divan
fanning herself vigorously. "I would
willingly lay down my life for their
dear Majesties, but I cannot afford to
ruin my clothes— and yours, my child—
for them. That Worth toilette which
you are wearing cost twelve hundred
rubles, lima, and It will be a long
good-by to it if the review takes place
to-day."
The little feminine grumble was ad
dressed to a tall girl in a magnificent
costume of dove-colored silk who was
standing at an adjacent window, gaz
ing down into the rain-splashed court
yard. The speaker was the Countess
Vassill, one of the three ladles-ln-wait-
Ing who had accompanied the Tsarina.
The younger was her daughter lima,
the Junior of the same number of
maids-of -honor.
The girl to her mother with
a little laugh, and there was a note of
.'nervous tension in her voice as she re
• plied:
"What is a dress more or less if one
can get a few hours' excitement? We
have been cooped up for days In the
Train, and now it seems that we are to
spend our stay in Vienna shut up to
gether like animals in a traveling
menagerie — Russian bears, for in
stance. I am sure I feel like one."
"For heaven's sake, child, do'not let
any one hear you talk In that fashion,"
said the horrified old lady, looking
round in trepidation. "It almost
amounts to treason. Besides," she
added with a giggle Intended to be sig
nificant, "you have an antidote to en
nui alu-ays at hand." And she prodded
a stubby forefinger toward a group
where Boris Dubrowski was chatting
with his brother aide-de-camp..
"One is not a housemaid— to be al
ways hp.nd-squeezing with one's be
trothed." replied lima coldly, as she
turned azuln to the window with an
impatient shrug. She was not an un
dutifu! daughter, but she did not look
to her frivolous mother for sympathy —
"May I request, then," Volborth pro
ceeded, "that you alter the duty-roster
and assign him to close personal , at
tendance on his Majesty? .., The affair
Is urgent." ' -
The chief of the staff made an im
passive motion of assent. It is part of
the iron system of police domination
that demands made by the section, no
matter how apparently irrelevant, shall
be executed by all departments without
demur or cavlL' This one, however,
wa| so out of the common, as affecting
the private entourage of the. Emperor,
that Prince Lobanof, secure, in' his high
station, could not repress his surprise.
"Eh 7 What is this. Monsieur "Vol
borth?" he exclaimed. "There Is
nothing wrong with the staff, I trust?
Surely j&\ our fellow-travelers are
above suspicion?"
"This la rather a measure of precau
tion than of suspicion," Volborth ' re
plied evasively. "I have no, cause to
doubt the loyal Intentions of any mem
ber of the suite, but I must rely on my
privilege not to go further into my rea
sons for this step— oven with your Ex
cellency."
Prince Lobanof indulged In the shrug
which Russia has imported from Paris.
and his shrewd features assumed a
whimsical expression.
"You gentlemen of the section must
be paramount on an occasion of this
kind." he said. "As I have to meet the
Austrian Foreign Minister In half an
hour, I shall be glad to go to my room
instead of congratulating the ladies on
the reprieve of their millinery. Do it
in your own way— at : -ur own time."
The three men bowed as the holder of
the most Important portfolio In the
world 'passed on to his apartments, and
Volborth' turned instantly to the chief
of the staff.
"General'," he said hurriedly, "I. shall
be obliged if you will announce the
postponement of the review to our col
leagues. Present yourself In five min
utes, and, if I may suggest a hint,' en
ter hastily, as though fresh from hav
ing audience of their Majesties. At the
"Tljat is so," replied De Boisdeffre.
"That must be it," said lima gayly.
"M. Volborth Is shamming a devotion
to^duty. I shall tell him so at the first
opportunity."
Within the limits of his knowledge —
for none but the Tsar. Prince Lobanof
and General de bolsdeffre. the chief of
the staff, was aware of Volborth's real
functions— the court chamberlain was
right. At that moment the chief agent
of the Third Section was- very much
imbued with "the cares of office," nor
was there any need for him to diksem
ble a devotion to duty. He was in the
act of leaving the presence of 'his
sovereign and of the Emperor of Aus
tria, and with him were Prince Lo
banof. General de Bolsdeffre and Res
tofskl.
"Thank God for that," said the For
eign Minister, as he closed. the door of
the imperial sanctum, after "backing"
into the corridor. "And thank God for
the weather which furnished the ex
cuse. He would never have taken
heed of our vague alarms If it had not
been for the rain. I will convey to. the
suite the probably welcome intelligence
that tlie review has been countermand
ed till to-morrow, and that the fine
plumage of the ladies is safe."
The veteran diplomatist, hale and
vigorous as a man of forty, started at
his best pace for the part of the palace
apportioned to the guests, but in a
few steps VolbortH overtook him.
"Pardon me, your Excellency; but
there is a slight arrangement which I
should wish. to make before the suite
are Informed of the change," said Vol
borth. "General," he added, as the
chief of the staff and the ostensible
head agent of the Third Section joined
them, "I believe that in the' ordinary
course Captain Dubrowski would be
free for the rest of '. the ' day, now that
there Is no public function?"
heavily upon him."
"Olga Palitzin is ¦welcome to him.
She has bewitched him, and she can
have him," lima said to herself a hun
dred times a day.
Some such thought was in her mind
now as she stood waiting, but it was
interrupted by a" burst of well-bred
laughter from the group of officers.
"Come, gentlemen. It is not fair on
such a dull day to keep a Joke to your
selves," the- Cc-untess Vassili called
over -to them. "Pray let us share the
cause of your merriment."
"We were counting heads to see If
we were* all here " said one of the aides
de-camp. "With the exception, of
course, of the grandees now in solemn
conciave assembled, ; and the ubiquit
ous Restofski. we find that Paul Vol
borth Is the only absentee. Some one
suggests that he has been sent for to
try and re-arrange matters with the
weather."
"Ah, very good — very good, indeed,"
laughed the Countess. iTou are mak
ing sly hits at the dear Paul's persua
sive powers, but you would not do it
to his face. He- would turn the Jest
against you." " .
"I think M. Volborth has gone off
rather, lately." said lima, joining in
this as in every conversation from a*
desire not to attract attention to her
private troubles. "It is sometimes diffi
cult to recognize in the grave, preoc
cupied historian the socisfble dilettante
of our Petersburg drawing-room. I
have been studying him and puzzling
over him ever since we left home."
"The cares of office, mademoiselle,"
said gray-haired Count Woronzoft, th*
court chamberlain. "As soon as a man
receives a government appointment a
little abstraction is pardonable. If he
have it not he may even feign it — to
make believe that his duties weigh
eimply because «ne knew, that she
would not get it All through the close
association of the long railroad Journey
from Petersburg, it would have been
patent to any ordinary maternal in
stinct that a widening breach existed
between lima and Dubrowski — that the
erstwhile fond lovers were drifting
hopelessly apart. Yet the Countess
Vassili was too busy chattering court
gossip and prattling of "their dear
Majesties" to notice that Boris held
himself, when possible, sulkily aloof,
and that Ilma's proud heart was up in
arms against such treatment.
Since her mother could not, or would
not see what was happening before her
eyes, it was not possible to one of
Ilma's self-contained character to en
lighten her. That would come too near
whining to harmonize with the boiling
Indignation that consumed her, and
the felt that it would be quite time
enough to confide the situation to her
mother when the breach became an
open one. For the present she was de
voting all the effort of a naturally
strong will to control herself, and so
avoid the contretemps c-f /breaking her
engagement to Boris during the Impe
rial tonr. Yet she was fully deter
mined to give him his freedom when
ever he asked for it— and without wait
ing for him to do so, as soon as they
were back at Petersburg.
the eyes In intrigue— engineering a Ni
hilist plot, or some other abomination."
Inwardly anathematizing the old lady
for thus frivolously connecting , : him
with a subject which he had studiously
striven to. keep .altogether out nof the
mouths and ; minds .of . the suite, -VoH
borth was, nevertheless, grateful to , her
for the information' that a change In his
manner had -been noticed. He \ deter
mined to. put . a little stronger .check
on his anxieties in future, and his fa
cial muscles were under perfect control
aa he answered lightly, with a humor
ous affectation of terror: I
"My dear Countess, 1 pray do not make
such frightful accusations . when our
friend Restofskl is about. It is well he
is not here now, or. I should be dogged
by spies for the remainder of the. tour;
and that would not be pleasant in
Paris, where I hope to '. enjoy myself.
If you must invent an occupation for
me, why not choose ;the other side of
the blanket, and tax.me with belonging
to the section? That would be so much
kinder— because safer— to -th'e object of
your solicitude."- # .. ¦ £
This speech, characteristic enough of
the man as he was known to his hear
ers, was a straw thrown out to feel^the
direction of the wind, and its reception
reassured him that no serious discus-
¦ame time notify Dubrowski that he Is
for immediate personal . duty. It is
necessary that I myself should be in
the calon where the suite Is assembled
when these instructions are given, and,
of course, we must not, go in together.
Restofskl, your work - is j cut out for
you— a ceaseless hunt for La Tchlgorln
under the auspices of the chief of the
Vienna police, who, by now. Is await
ing you at the office." |
For it was to the known presence In
the city of Anna Tchlgorin that the
postponement of the. day's function was
really due. Restofski had caught a
fleeting glimpse of the notorious fe
male Nihilist in the crowd at the sta
tion during the reception on the previ
ous day, and now for half an hour, the
Tsar's advisers had been striving to in
duce him to consent to seize upon the
rain as an excuse fora change of pro
gramme. Their hard- won victory over
imperial scruples was a relief, to Vol
bcrth, for the knowledge that the hand
some fiend. • who had shot already a
Russian chief of police, was In Vienna,
convinced him that some, sinister plot
was afoot, and he felt that in his ig
norance of the enemy's plans he would
best baffle them by changing their own
as often as possible. Besides/ he
wanted to try an experimenL
"Unless a neglected woman's watch
ful eyes have discovered something
that has escaped mine, and that Is at
least possible," he reflected. "If that
Is so, her action may have a more se
rious meaning. She may have wished
not only to save Dubrowski, but to pre
vent some design in which she believes
him to be implicated."
Twist It as he would, he could come
to no definite conclusion, and, putting
the matter from him for the moment,
he went out, and taking a fiacre, drove
to the police office, where he sat till
late in the afternoon receiving the re
ports of the Austrian and Russian de
tectives who were searching the city
for Anna TchigorJn. Kla lieutenant
Restofskl, was the last to appear, with
news of complete failure.
"The one conclusion is that we have
got through the day without an
'event," " he said. "The agents who
have been in personal attendance at
Lain* have noticed nothing suspicious.
His Majesty has Just returned to the
Hofburg, and he should be safe there.'*
"H'm. You forget the Russian chorus
this evening;." replied Volborth
thoughtfully. '"I wish that Franz Jo
sefs international courtesy could have
spared ua that anxiety."
"Do not make yourself uneasy," said
Restofski. "I contrived to get a sight
of the names of our fellow-country
women who have been rehearsing, and
I have since seen them all personally.
They are perfectly satisfactory."
There was to be a concert in the
evening In the private theater of the
Hofburg palace, and the allusion was
to a feature in the programme about
which there had been some misgivings
in the minds of those responsible for the
Tsar's safety. The performance .was
to commence with the singing of the
Russian national hymn by Russian
ladles resident in Vienna.
It being time to don evening dress,
the two colleagues returned separately
to the Hofburg, Restofskl to snatch a
hasty meal preparatory to marshaling
his agents for the court function, and
Volnorth to attend the dinner of. the
Austrian and Russian suites which pre
ceded it. At the table he perceived that
lima was, or affected to be, in excep
tionally high spirits. Her fair face
locked radiant. She rallied Boris on
his unexpected turn of duty, as If there
were no cloud between them: she chat
tered of her experiences In the art gal
leries; and she even addressed Vol
borth in a breezy vein which sug
gested that the incident of the morning
was forgiven or forgotten.
Yet in all this gayety there was a
feverish note which, taken In conjunc
tion with one other point, puzzled Vol
borth not a little. He noticed that
long after they were seated, whenever
a servant entered the room she cast
furtive glances at the door as though
she were watching for some one who
never came: and this was the mar*
strange becaruse. with one exception—
not to include the higher officers ef
state dining with the imperial party
all the members of the suite were pres
ent. The one exception was Restofski.
"What can the beautiful enigma
want with my worthy colleague?**
mused Volborth, as for the twentieth
time her eyes sought the opening door,
to droop suddenly when only a servant
entered.
At the close of dinner th« Russian
guests, together with the Austrian
suite, were ushered by the court cham
berlain to' the concert hall of the pal
ace. The stage at the trpper end was
as yet veiled by the Venus and
Adonis act-drop; but as the brilliant
throng trooped In, the electric lights
were turned up, showing the walls
gayly decorated with flags, and the
floor converted Into a fairy-land of ex
otic plants and flowers. .The front row
of chairs nearest the footlights, — re
served fc-r the imperial party, was va
cant. The other seats were quickly
filled by the expectant courtiers.
Suddenly— sign that Franz Josef and
his visitors were about to enter— the or
chestra glided into the sweet strains of
the Austrian national anthem, and the
curtain rose slowly, disclosing the la
dles who were to sing the Russian
chorus. They were ranged In two rows
"You are a clever woman, Made
moiselle lima." said Volborth to him
self, as he looked after her. "But,
though I do not as yet see what you
are playing for, I had the best of that
encounter. There was no mistaking the
genuine ring in that indignation, and
It told me at least that Jealousy of the-
Palltzin was not the cause of your
eagerness to take that tfelesram from
him. I must think this out. my dear
young lady. I imagine that you are
about to become a potent factor In our
complications."
He left the salon— already half de
serted by the members of the suite — and
sought his own room, where he pulled
a chair to the window, and lighting a
cigarette sat and gazed at the now
dispersing crowds in the Ringstrasse.
Not till seven Brown stumps lay In the
ash-tray at his elbow did he arrive at-a
solution that at ail satisfied him.
"That must be it." he muttered, as he
rose and paced the floor. "She loves
him. despite his treatment of her, and,
suspecting that I am of the section.
she must have been sharp enough to
attribute the changed duty-roster to
my machinations. In that case, her
anxiety was not to get the telegram
for her own purposes, but to prevent
me from gettlns It for mine."
But then, in partial refutation of this
theory, the thought occurred that, even
if lima knew for certain that he was a
police agent, she would not have cred
ited him with a special Interest In
Boris Dubrov.-skl unless she had reason
to believe that her faithless lover de
eerved such Interest. It seemed In
credible that she should have found
such reason.
the telegram that It wa» not Impor
tant, I am spared an unnecessary trip
to the Borsenplatz. True, it may hava
been of more Importance to the- In
tended recipient, but to oblige her I am
not concerned."
A deft pass — with feminine Jealousy
for the blade — and it struck home.
"Her!" exclaimed Ilina. "You— you
saw the address, then?"
"Yes, I caught the name. It was the
Princess Palltzin at Petersburg."
lima bit her ripe red lips till th«
blood came, but Volborth had no scru
ples about giving pain when It suited
his purpose, and, noting her discom
fiture, he pursued his advantage. .--¦* 7
"Possibly," he added, "that fact cre
ated the dilemma from which Captain
Dubrowski extricated himself so clum
sily Just now."
His end was gained. He had mads
her angry.
"I do not understand you, monsieur,"
retorted lima hotly. "It you Insinuate
that I offered to take the telegram be
cause I desired to embarrass Captain
Dubrowski, you simply insult me. I
had a very different reason." "With
which she swept away to the other end
of the apartment.
exclaimed:' the aide-de-camp. "Tour
good nature will allow you to serve an
unfortunate slave to duty. Here I
have- written a telegram which I
should . myself despatch were I free.
Will -you, my dear." friend, take it to
the office on the Borsenplatz and fill in
a form and send it for me T" - '
Volborth, beaming a genial assent,
stretched out his hand for the paper;
but before . he grasped it, though his
greedy eyes had noticed the address
and the. words, "Review postponed till
to-morrow," in the. body of the tele
gram, lima yassili glided between
them. ¦ t . ' '
"Why-Ttrouble Monsieur Volborth,
Boris?" -said the girl quietly. "I am
going out- at once' to visit the Art Gal
lery, and shall be pleased to do this
business for'youl*'.
•Politely bowing, .Volborth stood aside
with the air of being agreeable to
either ourse, as In truth he was, for
he had successfully applied his test and
had ascertained by it that Dubrowski
was keeping his promise to communi
cate changes of programme to Olga
Palltzin. But for Dubrowski himself
the situation was a difficult one. and he
colored to the roots of his hair. It
would be churlish to refuse the service
offered by lima, who was still his affl-
THE SAN*; FRANGISGOV a CALE.
3sion is necessary, and it would be Im
possible by telegram to put Granovltch
sufficiently In touch with the undercur
rents to make his advice of full value."
"Go on," said the Prince. "Place me
In a position to Judge, and I will say
how I should act if I held your office.
I can do no more."
So Volborth gave, in what, If taken
down, would have formed an excellent
precis, the dry bones of his discoveries,
of his proofs that Boris was being used
by Princess Olga as an Intermediary,
of the anonymous warning which could
only be the handiwork of lima, and of
the latter's probable penetration of his
own proper functions. He contended
that, though as yet he had no direct
evidence' connecting Olga Palitzln with
known bad characters, after that
night's affair they were no longer
groping In the dark— that the presenta
tion of the letter. Introducing Anna
Tchigorin by Dubrowski, in conjunction
with the latter's infatuation for the
Princess, confirmed his theory.
Here Lobanof interrupted. "I am
with you in that," said the Prince, "but
it passes my comprehension how you
first came to pay attention to the Prin
cess Palitzin— with the fortunate re
sult of finding her with that suspicious
American, and of overhearing the ar
rangement with Dubrowakl."
Volborth smiled slightly at the Min
ister's grip of details. He knew well
that Lobanof had laid his -finger on
what, if it had not been for the event
of the evening, would : have been, the
weak spot in the fabric which he was
would rise from his grave before Plev
na did he know that his daughter's
affianced was' within the clutch of the
section," said the Prince, sadly. "See
here, Volborth," he added more briskly
after a pause, "why not give the young
man a chance— for the sake of the girl?
Tell him— I will do it, If you approve—
what have already been the conse
quences of his Infatuation for the Pal
itzln, and warn him that he is in dan
ger of losing his liberty and his life.
He would be likely to turn round and
hate her, and crave Ilma's pardon, if
the Imbecile knew that he was simply
being .used as a tool."
"That is quite true, your Excellency,"
replied Volborth coldly, "but I • want
him for a tool myself— to lead me to the
others." V "j < J*V«
"To his own undoing, poor devil— and
the breaking of that true heart," com
mented Lobanof with a deprecatory
shrug. ' '
"The Third Section is not concerned
with such matters," Volborth returned.
"And there is the question of publicity.
•In his present frame of mind Boris Du
browski'is in the nature of a high ex
plosive, and . to tackle him openly In
that way might lead to a revelation of
the Tchigorin | attempt, which It : Is Im
perative to spare the Tsarina. He
would never believe that the Princess
was incriminated without proof,, and
we could scarcely furnish him 'with
that without throwing the fat in the
fire."
"That consideration outweighs the
others," Lobanof reluctantly assented.
ments Volborth made his • way to the
wing occupied by the suite and en
tered the grand salon. In view of the
mjlitary spectacle to be held in the,
piorning, and of the commencement of
the long railway journey to Kieff, he
expected to find that most of his fel
low-travelers had retired to their
fooms, and in this he was right. There
were only two persons in the salon. Not
by the quiver of an eyelid did he show
any emotic/n, but they were just the
two people in all the world whom at
that moment he would have least ex
pected, and most wished, to find to
gether and alone. Facing one another
from either aide of one of the huge fire
places stood Boris DubrowEkl and lima
VassilJ.
Volborth always half cynically' de
spised' himself when he had to prac
tice the epy'a most degrading . duty-r
that of .eavesdropping— and he was,
therefore, not sorry that both saw him
before he had taken two steps from the
door. But in that brief interval he had
been quick to note- that their attitudes
and' expressions were the reverse of
lover-like, and he shrewdly suspected
that he had interrupted a "quarrel. Di
rectly Boris 'saw who the ; newcomer
was he burst into a fit of laughter more
jeering than mirthful, and Volborth at
once, conceived the idea that he himself
was the cause, j or at least the subject,
of their bickering. /
"See! here comes this terrible schem
er," cried Boris boisterously. "Come in,
Paul, and face the accusation that
mademoiselle repeats against .you.
Know then that she insists that you
are a police spy, and that you have
evil designs upon.myself— aye,, that you
maneuvered me into duty to-day as
to 'have the handling of .that .telegram-
Refute the charge, monsieur, or prepare
to. meet me at the' point of the sword."
.Volborth affected '.-, unrestrained
before a third person, and that person
the very man against whom she was
setting him on his guard, she was ytt.
for the sake of not exposing her hand,
willing to retract her words. He knew
. well what a sacrifice that meant to one
of her nature. But though he could ad
mire, he would not spare. The quarrel
must be fostered at all hazards.
"My dear mademoiselle, pray do not
take me Beriously," he laughed, •"or,
for the matter of that, our dear Boris
either. I never dreamed but that you
were making fun of me— both of you.
I am well aware that the nature of my
scribe's duties makes me fair game for
all you courtiers and soldiers. But
talking of police agents. I Just now
heard a good thing about Restofski at
the concert. .It was told me in confi
dence, so If I regale you with It, It
must not go further."
lima hafl shown signs of leaving the
salon, but at this she leaned again
against the fireplace, scanning Vol
borth'3 face with eyes that strove hard
not to be startled.
"Let us have it, Paul," said Boris,
with a carelessness that was unmis
takably genuine. "We shall not com
promise you by making it public."
**You are neither of you likely to."
chuckled Volborth inwardly, as, with
all the aid of imparting a Joke at the
expense of one absent, he proceeded—
"A few moments before the overture
commenced, Restofski, who as usual
was hovering here, there and every
where, was In the concert-hall, when a
footman brought him a letter which had
only Just been delivered at the palace.
Figure to yourself his surprise, his hor
ror—what you will— when, on tearing
It open, he found an anonymous warn
ing against a lady who had been added
at the last moment to the Russian
chorus. What this terrible female was
going;to do was riot specified, but
doubtless visions of pistols, daggers and
Infernal machines gripped poor Restof-
He entered the Improvised restau
rant at the elbow of Boris Dubrowski.
to whom the Countsss Vassill. already
seated with lima at a distant table, waa
beckoning frantically.
Another day had passed, and the long
¦hadows from the Wavel hill were
merging Into the darkness of the night
as the imperial train, preceded by its
fiery herald, the pilot engine, thun
dered past the Kosciusko monument
Into the ancient capital of Poland. No
sooner had the long line of coaches
come to a standstill In the station
than there began a general exoclu3 on
to- the platform, for opposite the word
Cracow in the carefully prepared Itin
erary was the magic legend, "Stop for
dinner."
Though the station was surrounded
by a cordon of Austrian cuirassiers.
Restofski and his subordinates at once
encircled the great green and gold so
loon In the center of the train, for th»
Tsarina being fatigued by the Vienna
festivities, the Imperial couple had de
cided to have dinner served la tha
train. Volborth. however, was com
pelled by his undefined position to ac
company the hungry crowd of his fel
low-passengers who trooped Into the
waiting-rooms, where covers had been
laid for the suite. Had he been free
to choose his course it would still have
been the same. His usefulness at pres
ent was to be measured by his propin
quity to the Junior aide-de-camp, and
Intrigue had not yet damaged that stal
wart young soldier's handlness with
knife and fork. •
The remainder of the Vienna visit
had passed off without further alarms
or discoveries. The postponed review
had taken place that morning on the
Schmelz* parade ground, the Austrian
cannon had thundered, and the squad
rons had galloped past, the sovereigns
had driven to their final parting at the
terminus, and nothing had occurred to
mar the completion of the programme.
Not th*it tfTe"ab3ence of visible danger
brought any relief to Vclborth's anxie
ties. With the capture of Anna Tchi
gorin he believed that the peril was
scotched for the moment, since It was
not probable thcU more than one at
tempt had been prepared for Vienna,
but in his mind 'was ths conviction that
it was only the first of a series In
which each* scheme would be more
subtle than the last.
THE WALK IN THE WOODS
CHAPTER IV.
"Captain -Dubrowskl takes Jest for
earnest," she said. "He is
after attending his Majesty, aild he Is
In ill-humor through not having met
with good sport. I was but playing
with him when I bade him beware of
trusting you with hi3 correspondence."
Volborth could, not help paying a si
lent tribute to her nerve and clever
ness. Vilely as her betrothed had Just
treated her In laughing at her warning
amusement at his m.ockr heroics, and.
adapting his tone to the young: aide-de
camp's mood, exclaimed:
"What!, would you challenge a mem
ber of the Third Sectlori who is on your
track fc-r the most mysterious. crimes.
That would indeed be a novel manner
of dealing with the section." Then
turning to lima. In whose proud face
disdain and faar were struggling for
the mastery, he said with theatrical
solemnity, "If you have made this
charge, mademoiselle, I shall have to
meet him. Politeness would not per
mit me to refute anything you had said,
however I might wince under it."
Intuitively he grasped the situation,
lima had been warning Boris against
him, and. the warning having been
first scornfully rejected, was now being
ridiculed before her face. This suited
the line .upon which he meant to work,
which was to divide the two that Ilma's
influence upon his future dealings with
Boris would be reduced to a dead letter.
Whether the girl guessed his Intention
or not; she made a gallant effort to
frustrate It.
"Follow, th«>n." said Frickhaus
"The performers who have arrived are
in their dressing-rooms. I think that
I can manage as you wish." And he led
them swiftly :x-ur.d to a spot whence
they had a back view of Anna Tchi
gorin through tho alley formed by the
two wings. At the same moment the
last note of th*> Austrian hymn died
away, and by the sudden darkening of
the stai'c- they know that the curtain
had fallen.
"Now, If we. are skillful we <*n haXe
'her out without the others knowing."
whispered Volborth. "No ecu filing, if
it. can bo helped." And gliding be
tween the wings U? the back of the
woman, he clapped his hands ovrr her
mouth while Restofskl threw his pow
erful arms round her waist and lifted
" her bodily off the stage. 'With quick
intuition, opening the door of a va
cant dressing-room. Kerr Frickhaun
signed to them to enter, and the cap
ture was complete without a soul but
those engaged in it bring the wiser.
"Up with the curtain, and let the
chorus begin at once." said Volborth.
And in his anxiety that no apparent
hitch should occur in the performance,
It was not till the director's 'departure
was followed almost immediately by
the Bdemn cadence of the Russian
hymn that he turned to the scowling
woman in Restofski's arms. The cur
tain had not been down twenty sec
ondf.
"Well, Anna! Is it pistol or bomb?"
he asked quietly.
The woman, to whom he was hitherto
unknown as a police agent, preserved
a swllen silence; but her bare bosom
'heaved, and the paint with which she
had encased her Bwarthy features was
all raddled Into streaks by the cold
«weat that had broken out. The ter
ror of death or of that weary road to
Siberia was upon her.
Restofski, after a deft pass or two
pver her clothing v.ith his left hand,
produced the required information and
the weapon Itself — a small but ser
" viceable revolver loaded in every cham
ber.
"Bo that was to have been the
method," said Volborth calmly. "You
had better remain with her here, Res
tofskl, till the close of the concert. I
must get back to my place before my
J absence oxcites remark .and afterward
I will return and investigate. By the
way, I will take that letter. It was an
anonymo-us warning, eh*"
"Yes," replied the other, proffering
the letter. "It exonerates me from
laxity, for It appears that this she
.devil was added at the last moment."
Volborlh nodded and went out, stop
ping, however, under the nearest lamp
to read the letter, which was as fol
io- we:
"For God's sake beware of the extra
singer who to-day was allotted a place
In the Russian chorus."
The envelope was addressed to Res
toftki at the Hofburg, and had been
posted in Vienna the same afternoon.
No direct indication of the sender
could be gathered from the writing.
' which was printed In capitals, but Vol
borth smiled 'grimly as he noted the
evident Intention of the disguise.
"Ah', these clever amateurs," he mur
mured. "The deduction Is. of course,
that the writer'3 real hand is not that
of a stranger." Hastening on toward
the "front" of the hall, he met Herr
Frickhaus, and in passing urged once
more the necessity of absolute silence
till they should have conferred together
the moment the concert came to an
end.
AMONG THE UNDERCURRENTS.
Volbcrth's action was prompt and
fure. Risking the disclosure of his real
position — though, fortunately, most of
the audience were too intent upon the
high personages to notice him— he
slipped from his place and made for a
.side door which obviously led behind
the scenes. During the instant that his
gaze had been directed at the stasre
Restofski had disappeared from the
auditorium, but on pushing open the
door he found his lieutenant In earnest
colloquy with the court musical direc
tor. As soon as he saw his chief. Res
tofski's brow cleared.' and he came for
¦'ward to meet him. proffering the dls
lurbin- letter. Volborth waved it
aside.
"I can guess the contents of that."
he said, and turning to the musical di
rector, he added, '"Is it arranged to
drop the curtain at the end of the over
ture, Herr Frickhaus? No? Well, see
at" once that it is dropped, please.
Those are the last bars, I think, and it
is of vital importance. There is a
dangerous i haracter upon tho. stago,
whom I must remove — without noise or
publicity, you understand— before the
Russian chorus is sung."
The direct tt happened* to possess
presence of mind. Beckoning to sn
assistant, he pave the required order.
and turned again to Volborth. who in
etantly proceeded:
"Conduct us to the wings at the rear
"cf the right hand row of singers as
you loc-k from the audience. I wish to
attract no attention if it Is possible."
CHAPTER III
At that moment the audience rose in
their idarcs and turned in respectful
homage to the central lane up which
the tall figure of the Austrian Em
peror ivzs seen advancing with the
queenly Tsarina on his arm. and the
j;ale young Tsar escorting the Empress
behind. Volborth'fl glance swept from
them to the stage.
There, at ihe far end of the right
hand n.-w of gtasenC in such a position
that when they wheeled inward she
would be in the center of the line im
mediately opposite to. and not ten feet
from the Tsar, stood a handsome
woman, at the sight of whom in that
place even Volborth's Iron nerve
quailed. Like the others of the chorus
this singer was in evening dress, and,
holding the rhusic score before her, she
kept her eyes demurely downcast — ex
cept for one brief flash, as the Imperial
personages nearod their seats.
Elaborately disguised as she was with
blonde wig and false complexion, it was
only by the eyes that Volborth recog
nized her — the fierce eyes of Anr.a
Tchigorin, the Nihilist.
facing- each other on either side of the
stage, and It was known that at a
Riven signal they would wheel toward
the footlights till they formed or.e line
facing the eudienee.
At ths moment of the raising of the
curtain, Volborth frc-ni a chair at the
extreme end 0/ a row was watching
Rcstoftki, who, leaning against enc of
the columns at the side of the hall,
was In the act of taking a letter from
a footman. Turning his eyes to the
supeiior attractions cf the stage, Vol
•borth's gaze was Intercepted and
brought back to his subordinate by the
right of lima, who, sitting two rows in
fiont cf him. was staring with untold
horror at Rcstofskl. The latter's ex
pression as he read the letter was the
<xwnterpart of that on the face of the
maid-of -honor.
constructing, and that weak spot the
foundation of all. As • was he felt his
foundations secure. ' ' *
"Chiefly instinct, your Excellency."
he resiled. "But there was one little
matter — five years ago — tnat set me
thinking, perhaps. Her. portrait' was
found among the belongings of a sus
pect—quite a humble person—who was
afterward condemned^ and transported
to Siberia. I was ncverable to estab
lish that the Princess had any acquaint-'
ance with this map and it would have
been easy for him to have purchased
the portrait. Cut there was the chance
that a # great lady might have had a
secret lover of low birth."
•"And you do not throw away
chances," said the Prince. "Well, what
Is your proposition about Dubrowski?
He deserves Siberia at least—if only for
hiB behavior to "sweet lima 1 ." ,
"I doubt not that SIbarra wiil be his
portion In the end, but, briefly, my in
clination is to let him rui> loose for the
present," replied Volbortli. "1 know
that this courss has its dangers, but
to arrest him. even to let him see that
he Is distrusted, would have greater
ones. 'We 'know "now wnere to lay our
hand on the connecting link between
the directors and tha active agents of
the plot. With - Dubrowski out of the
way we should be fighting the air. and
doubtless .they would soon find another
medium for gaining information."
"You- d_esire ihen to give him rope
enough to hang himself— and the oth
ers—Poor lima! Cunctur-tlne VassilJ
"I could echo your Excellency's wish,
for I fear that there will be none too
much bed for me during the next two
months," Volborth replied. "I, bring
serious news. Anna Tchigorin, armed
with a six-chambered revolver, was
taken on the stage of the concert-hall
to-night— in the nick of time." And he
went on to narrate the circumstances
of the capture, and the steps he had
"Well, stormy petrel!" he cried,
throwing down his pen. "What does
this fere-bode? As a man you are wel
come, but If you are come in an official
capacHy. I would much prefer that you
went to bed."
The old statesman was writing at
the table, with a plethoric dispatch
box open before him. A dreaded mar
tinet in his own department, and un
bending in his relations with foreign
chancelleries, he was all suave urban
ity to those not under his actual con
trol. There were not wanting some —
and they were those who knew him
best — who believed that his genial man
ner was not all superficial, and .who
credited him with a kind' heart. : *
"I can understand that he would do
to," said Volborth. "The other occu
pants of th,e box wers listening to
your remarks, eh? An elderly gentle
man, who was Count Woronzoff. our
court chamberlain, and two ladies, one
massive and approaching sixty, "the
other young and very beautiful, shared
a box v.ith Dubrowdcl last night. I
think. Well, you havp greatly en
lightened liie. Heir, and I do not know
that I need trouble you further beyond
asking you to send to the chief of
your police, requesting him to come to
*the palace without delay."'
It transpired that the director had al
ready taken^this precaution, end that
Colonel Eckerstorf was waiting with
impatient curiosity to learn the causv
of the summons, the discreet Frick
haus having been true 10 his promise
to preserve absolute silence. At the
brieX conference that ensued between
Volborth and the Austrian chief of po
lice, it was arranged! that Anna Tchi
gorin should be conveyed at once, se
cretly, to the central prison, and be
there detained till the Tsar should have
returned to Petersburg, when her ulti
mate disposal could be decided between
the two governments.
Leaving the removal of the prisoner
to Colonel Eckerstorf and Restofski.
Volborth went out and despatched a
cipher telegram to the chief of the
section at Petersburg, reporting the
capture of Anna Tchigorin, and re
questing that a watch should' be set
upon every movement Of Princess Olga
Palitzin. He added that he had rea
son to believe that the Princess was
pulling the strings of a conspiracy in
which there were many members, and
that, as it was desirable to detect and
capture the others, he did not recom
mend her arrest at present.
It was ten o'clock when he returned
to the Hofburg, but late as was the
hour for the transaction of business, he
sent in his name to Prince Lobanof
with an urgent request for an inter
view. The Rus8ian Foreign Minister,
for the convenience of frequent consul
tations with the two Emperors, was not
lodged with the inferior members of the
suite, but had his apartments close to
those of Ihe Tsar In ihe private wing.
Volborth was able, therefore, to ap
proach them without exciting the curi
osity of his compatriots, and he gained
Instant admission.
"Yes. I thought It only courteous? to
Captain Dubroweki to inform him cf
ihe nature of the miEslv?," replied the
director. "He did not appear sur
prised or interested. In Tact, he cut
rhort rr.y explanations some v, hat curt
ly"
"Quite so— very naturally," said Vol
borth dryly. "I expect to find, however,
that the introduction was a forgery.
May 1 ask if you alluded to the con
tents of the letter before leaving the
box?"
"That Is really the only point ou
which I need trouble you, Herr," re
plied Volborth.
"It was like this." Frickhaus pro.
ceeded. "Last night, as you are aware,
there was a srala performance at the
new or>era-house. where I also hive
oiT.cial duties. Between the first and
second acts an attendant brought me
word that an effieer 1 of the Russian
suite wished to see me on business, and
I went ud to the box indicated. When
I presented myself, a young officer, who
gave his name, if I remember aright, as
Captain Dubrowski. handed me a letter
of whose contents he professed enthn
Ignorance, but which he had been
asked by a friend In Petersburg to de
liver in person. On opening it then and
there I found that It contained a re
quest from the Impresario of oi»era In
your capital to engage a Madame Gre
goHvIcfl to sing in the Russian chorus
before theii Majesties. Her address
was not stated, but the letter informed
me that she would call upon me the
next morning, which she did. Being
short c-f the requisite number of voices,
I engaged her, thinking that the intro
duction was above suspicion. Mure
over, I considered that, being delivere.d
by one of your Emperor's staff, it
reached me through a. channel which
practically vouched for Iier."
He resumed his seat In the audito
rium just as the choir of Russian
ladies was singing the last line of their
nauVnal hymn. The occupant of the
neM seat chancing to be an Austrian
officer, much too etarchlly polite to
show interest In his temporary ab
sence, he was free to pursue his work,
which just then consisted of a close
study of lima VasslH. Still deathly
pale, and slightly leaning forward, she
kept her eyes fixed on the stage, but
as soon as the last of the curtseying
performers had retired she sank back
in her chair and her shoulders heaved
visibly. A minute later she was chat
ting gayly to her neighbor. •
"That sigh of relief was eloquent,"
thought Volborth. "Her feverish ex
citement and anxiety about Rcstcf
skl at dinner — above 'all her recent ter
ror—point pretty plainly to the author
ship of that letter. If I am not in er
ror, we shall find our Boris at the bot
tom of te-nlght's episode."
The attempt on which, for that oc
casion, the devices of the <?:iemy had
been concentrated having failed, he sat
but the remainder of the concert in the
full assurance that there would be no
further danger that night. In the
knowledge that Anna Tchigorin was
safe in Restofski's charge he even
managed to enjoy every Item of th2
splendid programme, and joined freely
in the well-merited applause that
greeted the efforts of the artists. But
as soon as tho Imperial parly had re
tired, having firt.t accompanied the
members of the suite from the h»'.l. Ij2
slipped back and found Heir Frlek
haus welting for him.
"Your first question v. ill be how I
came to engage that woman?" said the
musical director ss he led Volborth In
to hi3 private room abutting on the
stage.
Volborth went out, well pleased with
the result of the interview, for he had
carried his point in the face of greater
opposition than he had expected. There
is no doubt that he honestly valued the
sage old Minister's advice, but it is
open to conjecture whether he would
have sought It if he, had not desired to
safeguard himself by Imparting his
confidence to some one high in 'author
ity who would be able to testify to
his good intentions In the'^ event of. his
policy of "letting Dubrowski run
loose" bringing about the very catas
trophe which he was straining every
nerve to prevent. That there was a
risk of this" he was aware, but it
seemed a lesser one than" losing touch
of the conspirators, and he never for
gpt that he was charged not only to
preserve the lives of the Tsar and Tsar
ina, but to save them the horror of
knowing that they were dogged by
desperate criminals.
On leaving Prince Lobanof 's apart-
"You are a ruthless player,* Voibprth.
but it is the right game, I grant, to
sacrifice the pawns to save the Queen.
Yes, in your, place I should do the
same; though I imagine that I should
pity the' pawns' a little more than you
do, my friend. Have It your own way —
and good-night."
And gnawing his gray mustache, the
Frince took up his pen anil resumed his
work, little thinking that in allowing
his devotion to the Empress to van
quish his private sympathies he had
sealed his own fate.
"Yc"j have done we!!." he said. "The
delicate' condition of her Majesty's
health makes it of paramount impor
tance-' that she should be safeguarded
from alarm. It would be terrible if an
hejr to the throne were born under the
influence of fear. But tell me. Vol
borth, is this only the beginning of
tnuble? Is this sword to hang over us
at Breslau, at Copenhagen, at Balmoral
and Paris? Have you reason to suspect
an organized plot? By heaven!" added
Ihe Prince, with growing excitement,
"you don't mean to say that your
maneuver with the aide-de-camp this
morning had a bearing on Tchigorin's
attempt*- Surely the betrothed of my
c-!d comrade Constant Ine Vassili's
daughter is not mixed up in treason ?"
"That i/ why I ventured to consult
your Excellency," replied Volborth.
"Captain Dubrowski Is in it up to the
eyes— tjlind eyes that do not see, it may
be. but the result is ihs same. If his
Majesty, whom God preserve., had died
to-night, it would have been Dubrow
skt who- nJaced the assassin within
striking distance. 1 h-j.ve my views as
to the proper course to lake with him,
but 1 confsss that I shrink, not from
the responsibility, but "from acting
without advice. An immediate deci-
taken to conceal the incident for the
present. Lobanof heard him to the
end in silence, too inured to plots of
this kind to show, or probably to feel,
surprise: but he nodded a grave ap
proval of the measures adopted for se
crecy.
Then he. too, sought his own room,
but not to sleep. He sat far into the
night waiting for a telegram of which
the facilities placed at his disposal
would enable the delivery: but the
clock on the keep-tower of the Hofburg
had chimed four when the cipher
message was brought to him. to this
effect:
Yours received Congratulations.
But regret Olga Palitzln left Petersburg,
ostensibly for Brussels, yesterday. Amer
ican Colonel Delavel accompanied h*r.
GRANOVITCH.
ski for their own. Anyhow, he fiew be-
SSan unaccountable lowering of he
curtain at the close of the 'overture?
lima, who kept calm, but had gone
very pale, nodd-d: and Boris, all his
carelessness replaced by / car «; c a °";
ce^impatlence. muttered a hoarse
••Well, while the curtain was down
Madame Gresorivics was asked to re
tire, and 83 soon as she nad been shJt
up in an empty dressing-room. Restof
skl hurried out into the city to ven.y
her address and test by the usual pclice
methods ,the accounts which she gave
of herself. Wherein lies the polut of
the story. Madame's character and
antecedents were found to be irre
proachable, and her statements about
herself perfectly correct. On his re
turning to the palace nothing remained
to Restofskl but to release the injured
lady with profuse apologies. The wily
one had been hoaxed!"
.As he concluded. Volborth. after the
fashion of raconteurs, looked from one
to the other ofbis heirors for applause;
but none with the rlsht ring in it was
forthcoming. lima, it is true, laughed
perfunctorily, but Dubrowski'a goad
looking face was distraught with pas
sion.
"It was a shameful thing to do
shameful and unjustified," he hissed.
scowling at lima in a manner that was
almost a direct accusation. Then, per
ceiving that. his wrath was calculated
to disclose his personal interest in the
matter to Volborth, he muttered * sul
len "Good-night" and stalked out of the
saton.
From their reception of his narrative
of the supposed hoax Volborth gath
ered several points: First, that Boris
had not noticed the disappearance of
Anna Tchigorin from the stage, and.
therefore, presumably did not himself
know her; secondly, that lima was till
then quite in the dark as to her warn
ing having been attended with any re
eults; and thirdly, that her look of
horrsr on seeing Restofski open the
warning sprang from the fear that It
waa being delivered too late to be rf
service. It all tended to confirm hla
theory that she had sent the warning
immediately after the Incident of the
telegram, her quick wit having supplied
In the introduction of the new singer,
of which she chanced to know, a possi
ble cause for the police surveillance un
der which she believed Boris to be.
And now for the second time that day
the police agent and the mald-of-honor
were left confronting each other with a
sense of war between them. Volborth
thought that he had gained hia end.
and that by exploiting his revised ver
sion of the event of the evening 1 lie had
widened the breach between the former
lovers.' It waa not his cue to affect to
notice Dubrowski's agitation, nor waa
It Ilma's entirely to Ignore it.
"Boris has really had a trying day:
he does not seem quite him3e!f to
night." she said, preparing to go to her
own apartments.
Volborth sprang to open the door.
"Do you think so?" he said. "It
struck me that he seemed exceedingly
full of youthful— what shall we call
them?— high spirits."
lima made no reply: and there wa3 no
sound In the great chamber but the
swish of her court train as Volborth
preceded her to the door and flung it
open, bowing low as she passed him.
Then suddenly she turned, and. looking
him squarely In the eyes, seemed to be
searching his nether soul.
"You are a clever man. Monsieur Vol.
"borth, but I believe that I understand
you," she said. 4
"And you, mademoiselle, are a clever
woman, but I do not profess to under
stand you." he replied, adding softly to
himself as he watched the' graceful fig
ure down the corridor, "at least, not
your loyalty to that faithless cub."
THE SAN FRAXCJSCO SUNDAY - CAIX
Continued Next Sunday.
4"Even Thine Altars" is the title of a
little book of prayers and discussion of
the interpretation of this the soul's ap
peal to a higher power, by G.
J. P.; the ¦ author of .that book
of touching religious emotion,
"Bessie Bell," a little child's story,
from the pen of Martha Young, Is as
sweet a 'tale for little tots, as "Cap'n
January" or "The Birds' Christmas
Carol." It has to. recount how a little
girl was caught in the fever grip down
South somewhere and how In the rigors
of quarantine and isolation she became
separated from her mother and was re
moved to the kind haven of a sisters'
hospital. There, when she had recov
ered and found herself in the company
of other little boys and girls, she had
to learn all over again a great many
things she had known before the fever
came; but she did not learn that she
had a mamma until the last, and that
was the best of all knowledge. The
story Is written with admirable con
formity to the measure of a child's
understanding and is prettily illus
trated by Ida Dougherty.
(Scott-Thaw Company, New York.)
IN "The Admirable Tinker" Edgar
Jepson, the English writer, .has
drawn a picture of the twentieth
century "enfant terrible" which is in
parts exceptionally diverting, and for
the rest somewhat tiresome. The story
is a strange mixture of the real and
the extravagant In its concept At one
minute the remarkable boy whom Jep
son has chosen for his hero will be in
dulging himself in the perfectly normal
exercise of playing the matador, to the
discomfiture of Squire Alloway's goat:
at another he will be flying across the
English Channel by night in an air
ship. This wonderful child, with the
head of a man, is a nice, companion
able little fellow as long as he keeps
within the bounds of his twelve sum
mers, but once he begins to talk about
pounds sterling as If they were coppers
or to 'propound his theories upon the
married state in its possible beneficial
effect upon his sire, the admirable
Tinker becomes a most impossible brat
and one not at all acceptable, even
upon his own standards.
Jepson's story has its inception with
Sir Tancred Beauleifh's discovery 'of
his Infant son in a baby farm of un
savory atmosphere, where he had been
placed at birth by the discreet step
mother of the youthful and irrespon
sible Sir Tancred. The young blood
takes his starved and brow-beaten
progeny" to raise under his own eye.
Himself a man whose wits have been*
sharpened by long dealing with lmpor-
IT is the sweet troubador's tale of
old Provence that sounds again t»
Margaret Sherwood's "The Story of
King Sylvaln and Queen Aimee." A
rare boon It is for us that we may
here read in all the quaihtness and
musical stateliness of the "chansons,"
long since forgotten, a story such as
was once tuned before belted knight
and coifed lady in some gray castle of
remote ages. , AH of the naive simplic
ity and the pure romance of a Geoffrey
Galmar or a r Bernart of Ventkdour find
place In Margaret Sherwood's story: of
the forest love of King Sylvaln and
his beautiful Queen. „ -i'^
It happens that King Sylvaln; whose
seat is In the royal city of Wannamefe
somewhere In the land of legend, sud
denly hears above the tinsel and the
dross of his court the call from the
woods arid the meadows— the call to a
free life. So he takes his good Queen
Aimee and together they fly the palace,
garbed as peasants, arid follow the for
est paths Into the very deeps of, the
woods where all chance of capture is
defeated. There In this new and beau
tiful land ihe King and the wife like
shepherd and shepherdess in the vales
of old Arcady live and love. The birds
and the beasts bear them . company In
this their new court of high domain;
with their own hands they dig and
/pin for life's demands; their days are
all sunshine and: sweetness.
This idyl- of forgotten lore, the au
thor puts - Into • the - quaint old ' tongue
of tho wandering' minstrels. The illus
trations of archaic design by Sarah S.
Stillwell serve to accentuate the deli
cate flavor of the old' time that clings
round the hook. To read the tale Is
to be back | ten centuries 'when the
world was young and romance was life
everywhere.
(The Macmillan Company, New York; '
illustrated.)
THE WOOD CARVER OF 'LYM
PUS. M. E. Waller: Little. Brown &
Co.. Boston; Illustrated; price $1 50.
THE NORTH STAR. M. E. Henry-
Ruffln; Little, Brown & Co., Boston;
illustrated; price $1 50.
A GINGHAM ROSE, Alice Woods
Ullman; Bobbs- Merrill Company, In
dianapolis.
SUSANNAH AND ONE OTHER. E.
Maria Albanesi; McClure. Phillips &
Co., New York; price $1 B0.
THE ADMIRABLE TINKER. Edgar
Jepson; McClure, Phillips & Co., New
York; illustrated: price Jl 50.
THE SHAME OF THE CITIES. Lin
coln Steffens: McClure, Phillips & Co.,
New York; price ?1 50.
BY THE FIRESIDE, Charles Wag
ner; McClure, Phillips & Co.. New
York: price $1.
TRUSTS OF TO-DAY. Gilbert Hol
land Montague; McClure, Phillips &
Co., New York; price Jl 20.
THREE YEARS IN THE KLON
DIKE, J. Lynch; Edward Arnold, Lon
don; Robertson, San Francisco, agent;
illustrated; price J2.
GETTING . ACQUAINTED WITH
THE TREES. J. Horace McFarland;
The Outlook Company. New York; Il
lustrated; price $1 75.
HOW TO GET THE BE3T OUT OF
BOOKS, Richard Le Gallienne; The
Baker & Taylor Company, New York;
price $1 25.
SOCIAL PROGRESS, Josiah Strong,
editor; The Baker & Taylor Company,
New York; price Jl.
THE STORY OF THE CHURCHES
THE CONGREGATIONALISTS. Leon
ard W. Bacon; The Baker & Tayloi
Company, New York: price $1.
THE SIMPLE HOME, Charles Keel
er; Paul Elder & Co.. San Francisco;
illustrated; price 73 cents.
PSYCHOLOGICAL YEAR 'BOOK
edited by Janet Young; Paul Elder &
Co., San Francisco; price 50 cents.
• EXPOSITION SEEN AT A GLANCE
A GUIDE: Laird & Lee. Chicago.
CORPORATION LAWS OF CALX
NIA, W. I. Brobeck and R. M. Sims
Bancroft-Whitney Company. San Fraa
clsco.
New BooRs Received.
OU1NTUS OAKES, the detective
extraordinary and sleuth incom
parable, is the veriest tyro ct
his trade judging by the lights accord
ed him by his indulgent creator,
Charles Ross Jackson. For when Quin
tus Oakes sets himself to the solution
of a mystery where he is combated ac
every turn by foes that are possessed
of a full quota of knavish tricks and
where secrecy must be the all-essen
tial prerequisite of success, what does
he do? Why, first he takes with him
on his still hunt two greenhorns, a
lawyer and a doctor, whp feel the need
of a vacation and who are consumed
with a desire to see how the wonderful
Quintus Oakes, premier of crime de
tectors, works. Then, when he has ar
rived at the scene of the shrouded ter
ror, he takes into his confidence the
local constable, surely a man well cal
culated to assist in the unraveling of
mystery. Before long he makes him
self known to a negro and another in
consequential Individual who runs the
local news sheet. Then, with "five rank
outsiders acquainted with his plans,
more or less, and endeavoring, each In
his amateurish way. to be of assist
ance, the king of ferrets gets down to
business. All this is very enlightening
to one not conversant with the "way.?
that are dark" employed by police
spies.
The mystery that has to be brought
to light in this "Quintus Oakes" of
Jackson's has much to do with secret
passageways, double walls and trap
doors. A cloaked figure, with a mask,
who wears, so Oakes deduces, nothing
above the waist save a linen mesh un
dershirt when on murder bent, has
much to do with certain unaccounta
ble happenings. An elaborate system
of night flashes with a dark laptern
keeps the quarry and his confederates
in touch with one another. Oakes is
so rapid of movement that he can light
a cigar and have it half smoked before
a stuttering man could say "Jack Rob
inson." AH these wonders and many
others are to be found In this wonder
fully fantastic book.
(G. W. Dilltngham & Co., New York;
price 51 M.)
A SLEUTH
of F^are* Stupidity.
NOTHING brings so poignant a
feeling of unrest and regret that
there should be such thing as
years and seasons that carry you on
and on as the reading of a book such
as "Stony Lonesome." by Arthur J.
Russell". Mr. Russell is not the first to
write about the day when the boy Its
king; from Tom Sawyer and Huck'
Finn right on down to the recent re
freshing stories about "You" in one of
the monthlies the halcyon, heroic age
of youth has livedvin song and story.
This latest is as full of charm as all
the others. Crown-ups never tire of
being carried back to the time when
they were called "Daring Dick" or
"Rob Roy." and lived in a dismal cave
between meal times.
Stony Lonesome is a sleepy New Eng
land village, inhabited by a "gang" of
boys, with here and there a parent or
an "Uncle Ellery" to give a background
to their pranks and plottlngs. The
picture which Mr. Russell draws of this
town, with its quaint characters. Is
unique In literature. Nothing as graph
ic In Its character drawing, as sponta
neous in its humor, as vivid in its dia
logue has been written of a New Eng
land town. The story is unstudied and
absolutely devoid of pedantry. It is
bubbling over with good nature, with
the laughter of real boys and the irre
sponsible spirit of youth.
(Rand. McNally & Co., Chicago; il
lustrated; price $1.)
Charles Keener, the Berkeley poet and
lover of the beautiful, has come forth
as an advocate of the esthetic In home
building in hjs little book, "The Simple
Home." What he has to say on ths
subject of home, its housing and Its
environments, is in line with the grow
ing revolt against unsightly archi
tectural lines in house construction and
the steadily increasing sentiment
against all these turrets and shoddy
rococo work in our residences. In his
book Mr. Keeler points out the move
ment toward a simpler and truer art
expression in architecture now being
made manifest throughout California.
He urges a break from the convention
alized house which too often covers a
conventionalized home life; little things
in a home's environment which may
add mightily to Its charm he mentions.
Suggestions on the value of clinker
brick, shingles and plaster for exteriors
and wood and plaster for Interior deco
ration give his book a practical value.
It is good reading, because it carries
an appeal to every person who has an
eye for the finer things.
(Paul Elder &' Co., San Francisco;
illustrated; price, 75 cents.)
lunate creditors. Sir Tancred begim v
curly to instill into this child of his-
Tlnker. for ghort— an assprted store of
worldly wlmlonV. "Bo that his remarkabfe
IJiecocity needs Just this _ (ouch ¦ of
leaven to bring it to a miraculous frui
tion. Then follow the adventures of
the Tinker. He discovers a kidnaped
girl and wins n thousand or| so sterl
ing, he ykimg the heavens in a flying
machine, plays the good Samaritan iri
behalf of a homeless little girl, rescues
hla adcr>ted alster's governess from
brigands in a flying automobile and
finally plays Cuoid and Captain Kiiid
simultaneously on a stolen steam yacht.
Of course. Tinker is not to be taken
seriously— you mufit not misjudge the
reviewer's attitude when he says that
the boy wonder is unnatural. The book
in designed as one to laugh over, and
the Very extravagance of Its design, of
coureCi '-a the projected cause of the
laugh: The writer «jf this brief note
did not laugh — perhaps because he has
Kictch blood somewhere in his Intel
lectual economy. ' • .,
(McClure, Phillies & Co., New York;
Illustrated; price $1 50.).
SWEET IDYL
of Lovcrs t of Long Ago.
SCRIBXER'S MAGAZINE for May
begins a new short serial, which
will surely attract wide_ atten
tion. "The Soldiers of the Valley." hy
Xelson Lloyd, is a tale of a o«iau
tlful valley in a romantic region. Rare
ly is there euch a combination^ humor
and Dathos offered in a modern story.
The quaint characters with their wlae
saying and their amusing views of
life are mingled with the real depth of
feeling and abounding romance of the
young hero— the one soldier of the
Spanish-American war In that region.
The tale opens with his reception on
his return to the valley. Each Install
ment will be fully illustrated by A. B.
Frost. The outdoor quality of the tale
and the rural characters who abound
in it. furnish Mr. Frost with the very
best opportunity for his genius.
The* wonders and marvelous beauties
of the Yeljowstone Park have been
heretofore but faintly reproduced In
any se>Us of illustration?. In this num
ber,'. hoVever.fDwigljt L. Elmendorf's
beautiful views/^colored from natute
(which have been seen by so many pea
pie at Iil3^ectuv«a>,-'are reprpduced in
color wjth'amazlhg accuracy and beau
ty. Arnold Hague, i the distinguished
scientist, writes entertainingly of the
Yellowstone.'
Another very "effective union of pic
tures and text Is the article, "The
Eagles of the Harbor," by Albert Blge
¦ low. Paine, wjth* pictures by Edwin B.
Child. Authpr and artist together spent
¦ :i great deal of time on the various tug
boats In New York harbor.
George W. Cable, the novelist, who
lives at Northampton, Massachusetts,
describes the result of an experiment
j which has been for some years car
ried on there to improve*the beauty of
the local gardens. There is an annual
prize .competition and last year there
\% ere over two hundred gardens entered
in this contest.
John BassettMoore's second paper on
American diplomacy Is the most im
portant article in Harper's Magazine
for May. It deals with "Our System
of Neutrality." An Interesting fact is
brought to light by Mr. Moore relative
to the Alabama affair in 1862. It seems
that certain evidence against the vessel
was given to tha British Foreign Office
by, the American Legation in London.
The Foreign Office duly turned over the
papers to the 'senior law officer of the
crown. Sir John Dorney Harding. Just
at 'that time Sir- John was suffering
from mental trouble, news of which his
wife had carefully concealed. 1 »-»"eving
that it would not last. With "peace
arid*war and the fate of nations" de
pending upon the decision on these pa
pers, they were laid asidt by Lady
Harding in her wifely anxiety to keep
her husband's condition secret. The
Foreign Office became alarmed at the
delay and took away the papers; but
it was too late. During the night the
Alabama had sailed.
Norman Duncan contributes another
capital article on the seafaring folk of
Labrador to the May number. Mr.
Duncan is the coming sea story writer
of whose work Frank Bullen said: "I
am absolutely certain that, with the
exception of Mr. Joseph Conrad and
Mr. Rudyard Kipling, no writing about
the sea has ever probed so deeply and
so faithfully Into Its mysteries as this."
The readers of the May number of
the Booklovers' Magazine will find
much that he expects to find, as a
matter of course, in this magazine. He
will also find several pleasurable sur
prises. ;
, In: the. first place, the Mav cover is
novel and striking, with its blazoning
of the Japanese and Russian imperial
insignia on a light ground. v
There are, as usual, in the May num
ber, a profusion of pictures, . in color
and half-tone, illustrating the best and
newest 'things In the realm of contem
porary art: Four striking -pictures by
modern European artists; four . of
Louis Rhead^s delightful flower pic-,
tures; four pages of remarkable Japan
ese cartoons, and an Illustrated article
on the work of Karl Bitter, the direc
tor of the department of sculpture at
the St. Louis Fair. '"'
Harold Bolce sends from Japan 1 for
the May number, a 'thoughtful discus-'
sion of the . problems that will ensue
"If Japan Should Win"— the . third of
his notable, series, of articles on "The
Two Pacifies."
. Joseph' M. -Rogers, whose articles on
"Fateful Presidential Conventions"
have been a feature of preceding num
bers, contributes a character sketch of
WITH the charm of Swiss lake and
Ciist'sllatsd Bavarian town 'for a
bin kground. »n4 with a master
ful gentleman of foreign birth and a
very stubborn American widow for
central figures, Anne Warner -has
evolved a story that is impelling for its
very cleverness. "A Woman's Will."
the calls it; "A Woman's Obstinacy"
she should name it, for If ever there
was a lady between book covers that
manifested sublimated mullshness to a
Ei eater degree than Anna Warners
widow exhibits that admirable quality
she, has yet to be made known to this*
reviewer. It Is th!» unbending stead
fastness In perversity on 'the pai'l'uf
the fair u Mow and the unfallhijr t««
nacity uf pursue* In the furelgii gen*
tleinan, her lover, that lit the motif for
this excellent little story of sparkling
humor. '
All th* more credit to the author In
that she has written a novel with lio
more plot than that hinted at In the
preceding paragraph, and yet has suc
ceeded in catching and holding, atten
tion from the first. It.ie the dialogue
that makes the book. From the mi
nute Rosina. the fetching; young -wo
man in weeds, meets. Von. Ibn. tb?
Swiss-German nobleman arid famous
musician. It is a war of wits and flercr
tlarce and riposte until tha very end
of the bonk. Much of th= cleverly
evolved humor of the duel of words
between the two has the laugh hidden
away In the clash between Roslna'y
Americanism, both of thought and
speech, ar.d Von Ibn's characteristic
continental conceptions of life aad
manners. There is a continuous . sur
prise arising out of the misunder
standings that spring up between Ro
slna. and htv suitor when they meet
on ths cortv.son ground of English as
she is spoke In ths States. When T\a
slna 1-form* her companion that his
argument iq U2:e the squirrel in hi*
irheel, Von Ibr. Immediately wishes to
knoir what squirrel and cannot re
member having alluded to squirrels in
his conversation.
The character of Von *lbn is Mise
Warren's beat study in this novel. He>
is the typical "cosmopolite" of the
old countries— the man who has no
home, no especial flag, no definite pur
pose in life save to be happy. He is
poiished. rulck of wit. r«ady to anger
and supremely self-assured. Quick to
drop into the melodramatic, too, is this
persevering lover, for when his suit
seema darkest ha Is very ready to p!ay
the poseur and ruffle up his back hair
with tragic gesture. Yet withal he is
a good fellow, and though we are prririp'
at times to wordtr at. his surprising
audacity and to grow somewhat weary
of his rrotestations of affection, we
cannot but be zlad when he finally
wins this ultimate of the perverse,
this blindly stubborn Jloslna.
(Little. Brown & Co., Boston, illus
trated; price Jl 50). - ;
L'ENFfINT
Terrible of a New flge.
MaKes the Story Go.
HER WILL
ever perfect they may be from the
standpoint of pure literary stahdirdfi!
Krans attributes much significance
and large worth to Yeats* work, both
as a leader in the Gaelic literary re
vival and as a maittr of poesy. "The
future will look back to Mr. Yeata. *
says he, "'as a landmark In the lit
erary history of Ireland, both because
of his artistic achievement and be
cause he hits been a leader in a re
markable movement."
(McClure, Phillips & Co., New
York.)
CARTOONS
Picture Bird Center.
JOHN T. McCUTCHEOX. the car
toonist, can do with a pencil
what Georg? Ade, the master of
slang, does with a pen. In his '"Chron
icle of Social Happenings at Bird
Center," recently published, the popu
lar Chicago artist has produced a sc
ries of fables as trenchant, as oddly
humorous as anything his confrere in
fun ever wrote. Where Ade catcher
human foibles by a trick of the tongue,
McCutcheon pins them to paper w ith a
quirk of the pencil. His single drawing
contains a story that could not be put
under 1000 words In Ade's argot. The
fun" in his work is even fresher, more
spontaneous than that of the fable
teller— perhaps because it has not been
ridden to death.
In his "Chronicle" McCutcheori di
vides the laugh between the cartoons
and the text. Each drawing 13 eluci
dated on its companion page by ex
tracts from the Bird Center Argosy
describing the social event depicted
therein. The grandiloquent phrases of
"ye editor" are no less mirth provok
ing than the Bird Center worthies
themselves, in whose praises '¦-•• are
couched. When one has visited with
these homely folk the Bohemian jinks
given in the tintype studio of Mr. Ri
ley Peters, gone with them to the re
ception in honor of the Congressman
of the district in the K. of P." hall and
shared with them the delicious thrill
caused by the mysterious ¦ stranger"*
dark ways, he feels that he know3 Bird
Center and Bird Centerltes as if it
were his natal town — knows them all
and likes them.
(A. C. McClurg & Co., Chicago.)
i • T X his little book, ••William Butler
•J 1 Yeats and the Irish Literary K<?\i
'.£ val," Horatio Sheaf e Krans lias
done a difficult task well. D;fT»
" <u3t it is because the -literary mow
rtierit that he endeavors to analyze is
ret in the making. To take a snap
• Judgment based upon an over-snthu
. elastic appreciation would have, been
' ' em easy error; to write an earnestly
. critical, conscientiously restrained re
view of the movement u.j it has pro
, " pressed thus far is h labor requiring
-delicacy and a power of sure estima
,. <lon. Th<» author manifests those qual
i'ities admirably in his work. There is
•'•fco gainsaying :he fact that Yeats is
a' power in the literary life of the
present to be taken tnto reckoning,
• nor is the Irish literary revival a thing
• of the moment; both the young apos
t.le of the Celtic letters and the gospel
that he preaches are well past the
• limits defined by a popular fad In
things literary. The -writer of this re
view of Teats' -work has, therefore, a
*• >o!ld grounding for his effort, even
.. tht-ug'.i. it be one recently constructed
' and still building.
. - .Of the Irish literary revival, con
." cerning which Mr. Yeats came to this
Country so recently to tell us, Mr.
1 . Krans gives a rapid review, reserving
. the major portion of his book for a
', rtudy of Yeats, its chi?f exponent.
Reckoning; with the characteristic
.' Celtic intensiveness of action along
any given line of common thought
. th<* author counts the present
• agitation in favor of a literary
restoration as being the result of the
• • de^th of acute political striving with
- rhe downfall of Parnell; failing of a
..national political expression of racial
- entity, the Irish have turned to a na
tional literary expression. Reviewing
the, work done by writers in Celtic
« belles iettres since 1E92, the year of
the founding of the National Literary
, . Society, the author pays tribute to the
.work of Dr. Douglas Hyde, the emi
• »nect translator of Gaelic classics and
lyric writer; to Lady Gregory, author
of "Gods and Fighting Men." and G.
. \V. Russe-11. whose verse of character
istic Gaelic mysticism has had a large
share in imparting impetus to the re
cently inaugurated movement The
"- lessor lights in the field of fiction, Seu
- mas Macmannus, Shan Bullock, Miss
. Barlow and Standish J. O'Grady and
all the others who gain a ready ear
"•'because they "make the humor,
- "pathos and tragedy in the lives of the
. foor their subject." have contributed
thejr quota to the weight of the new
.'' -movement of the day.
The. many-sidedness of Yeats' lit
""• erary activity must be a revelation to
- jieretofore casual readers of his work?
when they learn from Krans' appre
.•ciB-tlon the various channels of lit
..erary expression that seemed to be
• employed equally happily by the
•young man of letters. In the poems
ke has written . that draw upon
•Gaelic sources, such as "The Death
" of Cuhoolin" or "The Old Age of
.Quejen Maeve." Krans finds that
Yeats' verse reflects "rather appreci
' *tioh of the temper of ancient Irish
.'.'¦literature than embodiment of it"
."They belong to the poetry of an age
¦pf thought, revolting against itself,"
. eays the essayist further, "and lmltat
• ing the poetry of an age of action."
' -When the poet uses the old legends as
a'trame for his own sentiments, how
' ever, he produces lyrics, blank verse
rh eplo flights, delicate pastorals.
•" 4rama» end prose fiction even, all
.sealed with ths seal of his haunting
Celtic mysticism and essence of true
• romantic poesy.
• . Indeed It Is the close study Krans
makes of the mysticism and symbol
• Ism of Teats that stamps his book as
' -the scholarly thing that It is. Krans
finds Teats th« true dreamer, charac
• 'terfstlc Celt whose work embodies
• ''th* quest of the ideal In all its forms.
f*aith In the unseen life, the passion for
" romance and mystery, the pursuit of
. the intangible and evanescent, a vague
"rpelancholy and a vague unrest, the
shrinking from the tumult of the
world." From this constant seeking
t» penetrate the veil of the hidden
-raj-steries of life, beauty, love, there
• cdmes to Teats a certain marked
.quietism, which Kran3 notes, a turn
-ing of the eyes Inward to the soul to
fhe utter ignoring of all the vital man
: ifestations of life's activity 6uch as
"'.Kipling seeks to catch. "The mystic
ism of Mr. Teats." says the author,
.'like the mysticism of many times and
many countries, holds to a belief In
one great mind, one great memory.
Jhe mind and memory of nature her
x&L Of this great mind and memory
'.our minds and memories are a part,
Ktirnetimes separated from it some
times passing over Into It and bearing
aVay treasures of eternal wisdom."
• .' Of-' Yeats' dramatic writings .the es
sayist writes somewhat sparingly. He
Hastifies the young Irishman's
[ji'ranitfg as a direct revolt from the
'-tnodern development of that form of '
llittrary expression — as the drama of j
\ the intellectual appeal rather (han :
ifcfc emotional. Yeats' dramas are no '
"more playable than some of Bernard '
Hhaiv's, because they are of a trend '
of .thought too subtle to admit of ade- s
<juate dramatic expression and of a <
structure not eufflclenUy robust Their >
epirjt of subjectivity does not make
tar a lucid stace tntfrrcreUiJon. hov*- 1
"tWHi'JlHiltflWi^i'ii 'til ill^IMilHntiHW"! iii'lifliiTWlWtHjy
REVIVAL
of Celtic Literature.
for Month's Reading.
MAGAZINES
There is no doubt of General Charles
King's ability to write a story of ab
sorbing interest, even though he may
not employ the finest literary style in
the world. Remarkable, too, how he can
obtain so many stories out of the same
old "props"— boy in blue somewhere
where there is fighting, sweet young
girl of a susceptible nature, and the
heavy-handed villain. In "A Knight of
Columbia," h.. last book. General King
has departed somewhat from his usual
"Western atmosphere and has placed hfs
plot in N-w York and on the battle
fields of the Rebellion. Intrigue, mys
tery, the shuffling of destinies and final
happy adjustments— these are the fea
tures of the novel generously applied
with the somewhat coarse-haired brush
of the literary general.
Though the title of the book would
seem to indicate a story of Columbia
College, that Institution does not figure
In the tale beyond the first chapter,
and it must be thought that both the
title and the brilliantly illuminated
badge of a national college fraternity
which the publishers have put on the
cover represent an inspiration coming:
from the hope of increased sales.
(The Hobart Company. Naw York;
illustrated.)
& SURVEY
iQ Brief of Other BooI^s
Senator Quay to the May number that
Is remarkable for its frankness and
fairness.
The trans- Atlantic traveler will enjoy
WJnthrop Packard's ~* sslpy article In
the May number on "Stewards of an
Ocean Liner," with an Interesting il
lustrated account of their multifarious
duties above and below decks.
Mr. Esenwein's article in the May
number on "Japanese Caricature" is a
revelation of the extent to which the
Japanese have assimilated European,
and especially American, ideas.
The May number of The Smart Set
more than upholds that monthly's repu
tation as "the magazine of cleverness/'
Between Its covers one finds brilliancy,
strength, sparkling wit, delicate fancy,
originality— everything. In fact, except
dullness. The novelette, "Veronica's
Lovers." bv <J. IV. Purlin, author of
"The Shutter9 of Silence." is an Eng
lish story of enthralling interest, in
which attention centers upon half a
dozen characters • whose striking in
dividualities are skillfully developed
through the unfolding of a most ingen
ious and ndvel plot.
In complete contrast follows. "The
Wood of Ydren," by Zona Gale, an
idyllic tale of exquisite poetic fancy.
In still another vein is "The Blue Pear,"
by Arthur Stringer, the story of a dia
mond robbery on FLfth, avenue by a
man and woman who rival "Raffles"
in professional acumen and win an
even warmer place in the reader's
heart. "Sounding Brass." by Emery.
Pottle, is both an absorbing romance
and an exceptionally masterful psycho
logical study — a piece of fiction that
will hold a permanent place. Bertha
Runkle's "His Crowded Hour" tells
how an idealistic and romantic nature
seizes Its one chance of real life — telta
It with a delicate toifch and an infinite
pathos that reach the heart.
"Twelve Letters to My Son on
the Bible." In the present brief work
the author precedes his compilation »f
sundry devotional appeals by an in
quiry Into the efficacy of prayer, its
boon to- the soul and its nature as holy
communion with the Most High. In
handling this review of ftie highest in
stinct of the soul the author displays a
deep, unwavering trust in the power of
prayer— a trust founded not upon the
concept of logic or the deduction of the
religious commentators, but upon a
pure and simple faith. In the thirteen
prayers fc-IIowing, which he has drawn
from the pages of the Bible, the writer
gives us something that is sonorously
beautiful, almost psalmodlc in its sus
tained note of lofty religious fervor.
"Even Thine Altars" is a pure, sweet
call for those who search fur the prop
er avenues that lead to <jod.
(Nunc Licet Press, Philadelphia;
price 75 cents.)
THE SAN.. FRANCISCO V.SUNDAY CALU
BOOKS AND WRITERS
5American
Officer _Who Saw
tlie
One-Sided Fight
Gives a
Vivid Description*
From a
Naval Standpoint*
of Just
How It Was Waged
Tax on Drinks
The great Duke of Wellington has
been dead for half a century and hi3
monument In St. Paul's Cathedral,
London, has not been completed yet!
It has been the subject of animated
discussion at brief intervals ever since
his death. *
This photograph, show-ins?
how the < bottom ;of the
launch' was peppered by
the : explosion of a common
shell, was /taken exclusively
for The Sunday Call ) by -
Hiram 'W/Reynolds. •
Cruiser Variag's
Battered
Steam Launch
It was not on til nearly ten minutes
and after . that the second fire was
heard, 1 and, by the report, from a
heavy v*un. the projectile striking in
the water near the ; Variag. From
then on until 12:40 p. m., when the
last shot was fired by the Japanese, trie
engagement ; continued/ both Russian
vessels moving through a limited space
to the northward and eastward of Yo-
Dolml. and apparently keeping that
Island a* ¦ much as possible between
them and their enemy. This state
ment is made only from my own ob
servation and as It appeared to me.
chant ships of your nationality In the
port of Chemulpo at present I request
you to communicate to them the above
notification.
"I have the honor to be, sir,
"Your most obedient servant, ¦
\/? "S. URIU.
"Rear Admiral, commanding a squad
ron of the Imperial Japanese Navy."
At the time of the receipt of this
letter we were coaling ship from our
collier Pompey alongside. Prepara
tions were made for her to tow \ us
clear of the Russians, should they re
main at their anchorage after the
hour designated by the Japanese ad
miral in his letter, our own steam not
ready then, and for the Zafiro to pro
ceed a mile or more up the river,
¦where an English merchant steamer
as well as the Korean man-of-war
had shifted berth to be clear of the
probable line of fire.
3. At about 9 o'clock the Korelts
began clearing ship for action, throw-
Ing overboard bedding, gratings, bulk
heads, skylight covers, oars, chests,
bureaus, etc., the maintopmast being
sent down In the usual manner, then
over board, but the f oretopmast was
chopped down with an ax and fell
over the side. While all of her boats
were rigged In, no sails or canvas was
observed placed around them. The
Variag lighted all her fires about
10:30 o'clock, and at 11:20 both ves
sels got under way and stood out
toward Yo-Dolmi Island, steaming at
about ten knots speed. Early in • the
morning all the Japanese vessels had
gone outside and their smoke could
be seen on the horizon about five miles
outside of Yo-DolmL At 11:50 a. m.
was heard the report of the first gun
fired from the Japanese squadron, but
The actual contribution of the liquor
trade to the Income of the State la even
larger than these figures Indicate, for
there are local as well as national taxes
Thus. In New York the State revenue
from,the liquor tax Is distinct from the
Federal Government collections, and in
Germany the larger part c the tax Is
paid to local authorities. — New York
Sun.
Holland raises about 50.000,000 florins
from this source, equivalent to $20 000 -
000. —
The French Government derives la a
year 300,000,000 francs from Its tax on
spirits. 25.000,000 from the tax on beer
and 175,000,000 from the taxes on wine,
elder being Included. This is $100,000,000
a year from liquor payments, exclusive
of the amount collected as customs
duties from wines entered Into Franco
for reshlpment or for local conaumD
tion.
Italy raises about 100,000,000 lire a
year from excise taxes, the equivalent
of about $20,000,000.
The United States received last year
$131,000,000 of publlo revenue from th»
tax on spirts and $47,000,000 from the
tax on beer, a total of $178,000,000.
The Russian Government estimate*
at $358,000,000 its revenue this year
from the sale of liquor, which Is a
monopoly of the Imperial Government,
except In Siberia, where, on July 1. it
will become a monopoly, too.
In Great Britain the revenue from
excises, as the tax Is called, averages
$138,000,000 a year, not much less than
the revenue of the United States Gov
ernment from the same source, and
there is, besides, the customs revenue
from rum, brandy and other Intoxi
cants, amounting to $25,000,000.
Russian Cruiser
Variag Keying
0x1 Her Beam
Ends
Photograph taken imme
diately after the Variac's
great fight exclusively for
The Sunday Call by Hiram
W. Reynolds.
and declined my offer with thanks.
These two officers very freely stated
that they themselves had opened
valves in the ensrine and -fire rooms
with the object of sinking their
vessel. The fire aft, which had
been caused by the bursting of
a large shell among some boats and
hammocks, continued to spread among
the. woodwork of the decks, cabin, etc,
in the sections of the hull abaft the
mainmast, burning fiercely until the
vessel finally rolled over on her port
side and sank at 6:01 p. m. During
all this time there were frequent ex
plosions as the fire reached the ammu
nition that had been left on deck for
the guns, and just before sinking there
were two explosions of gun cotton or
other nitro powder, as I Judged from
the bright orange colored flashes. As
near as I could learn the Variag's
loss was 41 killed and 80 wounded, the
bodies of the former not being taken
off but went down with the vessel.
4. The Koreitz was not hit at all,
so far as I could learn. She held a po
sition between the Vicksburg and the
Zaflro; until 1:20 p. m. (during which
Intervals she never attempted to lower
a boat or make an effort to go to the
assistance of her consort), when she
anchored inshore of us. At about 3:45
p.. m./ she was abandoned by. her offi
cers and men in their own boats, and
went on board the Pascal, and at 3:57
p. m. the Koreitz was blown up. There
were two distinct explosions, both very
heavy, following each other In quick
succession, the shock so strong as to
lift the heel of the . Vlcksburr quite
' perceptibly. The Impression I had at
first was that our forward magazine
had blown up. Immediately following
this the crew of the Chinese Eastern
Railway Company's" mail steamer (that
had been used by the Russians as a
transport), which was scheduled to sail
this morning for Port Arthur, Dalny,
etc., set her on fire and then abandoned
her, going ' on board the Pascal.
,6. Between 8 and 10 o'clock this
morning there appeared to be some 'sort
of conference taking place on board
the Talbot, as was Judged on seeing
the frequent communications by boat
UNITED STATES SHIP VICKS
BURG.
CHEMULPO,
Korea, Feb. 9.
• Commander in Chief United States
Forces on Asiatic Station.
Sir: 1. Yesterday afternoon shortly
after 4 o'clock the Russian gunboat
Koreitz got under v.ay for Port Ar
thur and by the time she neared Yo-
Dolmi Island a lacge squadron of Jap
anese vessels was seen bound in. The
¦ Koreitz at once turned back and
anchored between this vessel and the
Variag. both Russian vessels going to
quarters. Part of the Japanese fleet,
consisting of four cruisers, six tor
pedo-boats and destroyers, convoying
three transports, came to anchor here
' shortly before 5 o'clock, the cruisers
outside the Russian vessels, with the
torpedo-boats bunched together Just
rihead of us, while a torpedo-boat
patrol was kept up all night between
the outer and inner divisions of the
squadron. Disembarkation of soldiers
•was at once begun and toy midnight
3000 men had been landed, 1500 tak
ing possession of Chemulpo and the
others going to Seoul. The move
ments of the latter force had been
arranged so as to arrive at the capital
with another force of 2500 men. which
•r^ad been landed on Sunday at Mas
ampho and marched overland. While
L have not been able to get any word
to-day from our force stationed in
fc'eoul, I am told by a newspaper cor
respondent, who managed to get
.through from Seoul this afternoon,
that the city is In complete possession
•of the Japanese, who, with double
posts of sentries at every corner and
with large patrols, are maintaining ex
cellent order. The same is the case
here in Chemulpo.
£12.' This morning at 7 o'clock I re
ceived the following communication
'from Rear Admiral Uriu. commanding
the Japanese squadron in these waters:
"His Imperial Japanese Majesty's Ship
. .Naniwa. Chemulpo Roadstead, 8th
of February, 1904.
"Sir— I have the honor to notify you
that, as hostilities exist between the
Empire* of Japan and the Empire of
Russia at present, I shall attack the
men-of-war of the Government of Rus
sia station at present In the port
of Chemulpo, with the force under my
command. In case of the refusal of the
Russian senior naval officer present at
Chemulpo to my demand to leave the
port of Chemulpo before the noon of
the 9th of February, 1904, and I re
spectfully recuest you to keep away
from m the scene of action in the port bo
that no danger from the action would
ccme t6 the chip under your command.-
The above mentioned attack will not
take place before 4 o'clock p. m, on the
9th of February, 1804, to give time to
put into practice the above mentioned
request.
"If there are any transports or mer~
from the Variag, Elba and Pascal with
the Englishmen. Shortly after 10
o'clock the Talbot's steam launch left
port, standing out In the direction of
the Japanese squadron. On the return
of the steam launch, after the engage
ment, the following semaphore signal
from the Talbot to the Elba was read
by our signalman: "Our letter of pro
test was delivered on board the Japan
ese flagship a few minutes before the
first shot was fired."
6. At half neap tide a small part of
the wreck of the Variag Is just seen;
at high water the smoke band of the
Koreltz's stack is just awash, while the
merchant steamer's (near the wrecked
Koreitz) stack and both masts show
above water.
7. Will telegraph and cabls particu
lars and other events later as they
occur. Very respectfully,
"W. A. MARSHAL!^
Commander, U. S. N., senior officer
present.
proached it was seen that the Variag
had a list to port and appeared to be
or. fire aft on the port quarter. A
number of Japanese were in pursuit
until about a mile inside of Yo-Dolmi,
but not tiring, as we foreign men of
war *7ere directly in the line of fire,
when they gave up the chase and re
joined . their squadron outside. At
12:60 r- m. the Variag anchored about
200 yards to the northward and west
ward of the Talbot" with the Elba
about 300 yards to the southward of
her; and then on learning that she
had. quite a number of wounded on
board I sent our medical officer and
a boat's crew on board to render as
sistance;'the same was done by the
Talbot (English). Elba (Italian) and
Pascal (French).^, little later on, on
its being reported that the Variag was
in a sinking condition, two of our
cutters and the whaleboat, with boats
from the other cruisers, assisted in
taking off the crew and officers and
putting them aboard the. Talbot and
Elba. Two Russian officers (en
gineers) were ' brought on board the
Vicksburg and taken care of for some
time and on my offering to have -the
used "as "temporary quarters
they were taken to the Elba,
where - their captain detained them
At about 12:30 p. m. both Russian
vessels headed in toward their an
chorage at full speed and as they ap-
- T*"\ARIOUS and numerous stories
• \ yhave been published of the fight
'V between the Japanese fleet and
the two Russian ships bottled
'cp jn Chemulpo harbor, but the fol
• lowing is the first official report that
has been received in America.
It was written on the day of the
one-sided fight immediately after the
• sinking of the Variag and the Ko
'• reitz, by W. A. Marshall of the
U. S. S. Vicksburg, senior officer com
• manding, who, with his ship, was sta
tioned in the harbor at the time and
was therefore an eye-witness of all
that- took place. It was sent to the
. commander-in-chief of the United
States force on the Asiatic station,
and besides being official makes up
'. one of the most interesting accounts
of a modern battle viewed from j the
calm, cool, unexaggerating standpoint
• of .one who is himself versed in the
' . science of the game.
• • In his simple way he gives a vivid
. description of the incidents preceding
• the battle and the damage that was
•wrought by the Japanese fire, and la
. ter by the Russians themselves, and
how the men from the foreign fleet
¦ went to the rescue of the Variag's
"crew after they were abandoned by
the Koreitz.
. .This exceptionally valuable ac
count, which is a copy of the original
• report, was secured exclusively, for
.The Sunday Call, together with the
" interesting pictures illustrating this
page, by Hiram W. 'Reynolds, an
Oakland youth, who is one of the
youngest gunners in the United
•iStates navy- Although he has served
two years he is not yet of age. He
witnessed the battle from the deck of
• the Vicksburg, although, as he wrote
his father, mother and sister, who re
side in Oakland, he had never ex
pected to sec a' naval fight in all his
life.
When Captain Rotxdncff of the
Variag found that the Japanese ad
miral, Uriu, had bottled him trp be
yond the possibility of escape he ac
cepted the gage of battle before the
time fixed by the enemy, and with
band playing steamed out of Chemul
po harbor shortly before noon on
February 9 to engage the whole Jap
anese fleet. When he was eight miles
out, and long before the Variag's
6-inch guns were within effective
range, the two Japanese battleships
began to pound away with their 12
inch guns. In a' few minutes two
shells from Admiral Urines flagship
disabled two boilers, smashed the
bridge and gave the Variag such a
heavy list that her port batteries were
useless.
Ten large projectiles, besides a rain
of shrapnel, disabled the cruiser,
crippled the engines and set the ship
afire, besides killing and wounding:
in officers and men out of a comple
ment of 540. In this condition she
crept back into port and was later
blown up, and the photograph here
with shows how one of the finest
warships ever built, and which had
seen only eighteen months of ser
vice, now looks.
IT was one. of the most notable
battles in the history of naval
warfare that was fought by the
American-built, protected cruiser
Variag, of 6500 tons, and the slow
gunboat Koreitz, of only 1200 ton*.
The Japanese odds were two battle
ships mounting 12-inch guns* six
cruisers and twelve torpedo craft.
Against these were the Varia**»
twelve 6-inch guns and the almost
useless one 6-inch and two S-ineb. gans
of the Koreitz.
First
Official Report
of the
Russian-Japanese
Battle
in tS\e
CHemtilpo Harbor
From tlie
• Commander of
U. 8. S. VicKsburg
This remarkable photograph, showing the awful and overwhelming disaster ini^psed; upon the two Russian boats, bottled up by the Japanese in Chemulpo harbor on February 9, vas taken exclusive
ly for The Sunday Call by Hiram W. Kejnolds, one of the youngest gunners in v the navy, who witnessed the great one-sided. battle from the deck of the U. S. S. Vicksburg.
THE TORN AND TWISTED RUSSIAN GUNBOAT KOREITZ AS SHE LOOKS AT LOW WATER
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY .. CALI1
THE BATTLE
AT CHEMULPO
6"Speaking of shoes," said the man
on the corner' to the other man, who
had nothing much to do, as a demure
little woman passed by, modestly dis
playing a pair of feet. particularly well
dressed, "In all my travels "I have
never seen so many pretty, well shod
feet as In Sari Francisco. I am in
terested in shoes— have to be, as I
have a corn or two — but I do .wonder
with all these hills and cobblestones
how the women manage to wear so
apparently comfortably such' dainty
footgear.- / j j
"I was greatly interested in the
collection I saw at the Cluny Museum,
left the French people by the famous
French engraver, Jules Jacquemart.
who ' had a' curious passion for col
lecting boots , and shoes of all coun
tries—In fact. 1 made this, collection a
life work. The collection ,• embraces
na less. than 310 specimens, represent
ing* all races and climes. . .;
"In medieval times shoes were very
crude and simple, consisting? of mere
ly soles fastened to the feet by thongs,
a; strap which /passed between the
toes and around the ankle. The ma
terial employed In the man
ufacture, .of shoes from the earliest
time to the present has been leather,
though stuffs of. -various kinds and
colors have entered into their compo
sition. The sandals worn by the
priests of ancient Egypt were gener
ally made of palm and. papyrus leaves
fastened ' together. Such were the
shoes probably -worn by^Rhodope,' the
Cinderella of the Nile," who- was said
to have -had the loveliest foot in all
Egypt ' One day, • while taking her
bath, an eagle swooped down from the
sky and carried off her sandal. She
watched the eagle until he disappeared
In tha distance. After a tiro a na
let the sandal drop It fell at tha feet of
the King, who was so charmed with
Its beauty and daintiness that ha
commanded a search ba mada for Its
owner. Rhodopa was soon discovered
and shortly be cam a tha .Queen *f
Egypt.
"In Venice w» find that tha custom
In olden times was to have tha shoes
of the women mounted very h!gh.
making walking; as difficult as pos
sible. By this means Jealous husbands
thought to keep their -wives at hom<%
but the plan .was not altogether suc
cessful, I understand.
M To Persia is due the credit of in
troducing sandals with heels. Tha
men wore sandals which rested on
blocks of wood.' From.thesa tha idea
was taken which led to the addition
of the heel. From 1550 to 1750 the
subject footgear was very promi
nent, many, to the present sensible
mind, foolish extravagances being In
dulged in. Cardinal Wolsey Is said
to have' worn shoes worth £30,000. and
John Spencer wora at his wedding: a
pair worth £4000. During the latter
part of the seventeenth century shoes
began to assume the shape and style
of the present day.
"About 1800 an Englishman ' con
ceived tha Idea of makinc rights and
lefts. Previous to this time show
were made exactly alike, worn with
ecual comfort or discomfort on either
foot.
"But, after all, what matters if the
shoe be of wood or silk, satin or
leather: it remains for the wearer, like
the Wandering Jew, to leave his or her
mark upon the century in which they
live. So let us see to it that when
departing we leave worthy footprints
on the sands of time."
THE LORE OF SHOES
PEACE be to the memory of old
Billy. There are parts of his
career that may be open to crit
icism, but those who knew him
In the days of his power are disposed
to overlock those qualities of his
character which made of him at times
tA obnoxious tyrant- Billy's sway ex
, ..tended over a people Including two
races.- Both the conquering Ameri
cans and the insurgent Filipinos bow
. «d meekly before his autocratic will.
fiilly was American born and reared.
. bi:t- It Is not of record that he ever
displayed any partiality toward his
tvhlte compatriots. On the contrary,
it was to the persuasions of the Fili
"plBO children that he showed himself
most amenable, but then, it must be
remembered, there were no American
: children In Vigan at that time. When
• fcis old master's death first raised Billy
to apjtocratic power he — but let me
begin my narrative in its proper
chronological order.
.. General Lawton's advance against
the .northern division of the Insurgent
.Filipino army wi:i always be rcmem
% bered as a firm, vigorous campaign,
Xerhpered by a spirit of humanity un
. usual in the histories of past marches
• of conquest. Lawton's forbearance
• and keen sense of Justice toward the
.•ponquered forever endeared him in
tile hearts of thoss who fought him.
'. This has nothing in particular to do
\fctth old Billy, except that Lawton
"• rpde .him throughout that northern
campaign, s^nd he became so identified
" T,ith the American general that he
came in for a certain share of the
•^natives. At that time Billy was such
jy gentle old beast that the children
cpuld pat his long, solemn face and
•Billy would nibble bananas and tufts
of crass from their little brown hands.
•Xhe American commander might b«
hplding a very important consultation
w;lth his aids in the plaza, when sud
denly old Billy would spy a group of
children coming up the street,' and
th"en the discussion of campaign plans
'would be momentarily interrupted by
the. general finding himself earried off
into the approaching crowd of Juve
"tiiles.
When General Lawton was recalled
to .Manila and Young continued the
advance, it was found Inadvisable to
'.taJsTe Billy back to the coast for two
reasons. First, the general must re
"turn 'by railway, and there were no
.boxcars in which to carry Billy, and
th.en Billy's period of active field work
was nearly at an end. Already well on
In- years, the vigorous campaign
through tropical swamps and Jungles
had taken the remaining elasticity out
of his- old limbs. So it was decided to
Jet him go on with Young's Third Cav
' airy as a sort of camp follower.
Lawton bade old Billy a sorrowful
good-by at the. railroad station: "Take
good care of him, sergeant," \vere his
last words. - '
Thus Billy ambled along in the wake
of the advancing army, nibbling here
and there by the wayside, dropping be
hind often, but always showing up
morning and evening when barley ra
tions were served out. In this way he
reached Vigan, where Young estab
lished his permanent headquarters as
military Governor of the northern
provinces.
Some months after this came ths
news of Lawton's death at San Mat<\>.
For days the fiagu were half-masted,
and some of the insurgent leaders even
sent In notes of sympathy. There was
genuine mourning all over the land.
In Vigan especially the sorrow was
deep, for the men there had fought
under Lawton. Their thoughts turned
toward old Billy, w^io had can led their
dead leader through the worst cam
paign of the war. They untied him
from the picket lines and led him out
into the plaza, and there gave him an
honorable discharge from active «er
vice, to come and go as he might please
about the town, on Government, pen
eion. Billy looked a bit bewildered at
first, but presently started off to ex
plore the streets, and as he passed the
men took off their well-worn campaign
hats.
After that you could see him wan
dering In a day dream. along the nar
row streets of Vigan or in the adjacent
fields, sometimes stopping to browse in
an abstracted sort of way; coming and
going when and where he chose, like
the sacred oxen of Benares.
At first Billy retained his simple,
modest bearing:. He rubbed noses with
his old comrades in the ranks and vis
ited the picket lines daily. He still
greeted all comers in his old spirit of
democratic good fellowship, from the
general down to the latest recruit in
the rear ranks.
But there came- a change. Gradually
it dawned on Billy's ponderous lptellect
that he had become pretty much of a
\>\% gun, that he wasn't/an, ordinary
plug to be met with any day, and he
decided to stand up for his social rank.
He began by refusing to mess with
the other horses. In this he gained
his point. The men made the .mistake
of submitting at once, and thus irre
vocably bound themselves down- to the
rulings of his tyrant will. They gave
him a separate feed stall
. Then he insisted on green grass,
mixed with oats, twice a day, and again
the boys bowed to his Will; Thence
forth a detail of men had to hustle
feed for Billy daily. Thus he had them
in" his grip. After that they badrto
humor, his every . whim. -' • « -¦¦,«••;
It was not long before Billy made
himself obnoxious to Americans and
natives alike. One morning he stalked
into Company E's mess quarters just
at mess tall. The bovs tried to per
suade him that he had sot Into the
wrong place, but Billy obstinately re
fused to take that point of view. In
fact; he got cjuite indignant, especially
when he ncse. about the big cal
dron of hot soup, which he upset, and
thereby split half the flimsy boards of
the floor. lie ended up by flopping
down. on u couiile of cots, which
splintered beneath his weight like
matchboxes. When he finally depart
ed, 'much 'disgusted, he left behind
him a week's /ob of repairing.
The natives made their firdt mistake
in offering Billy bits of brown sugir
und tufts of 'choice turnip leaves.
Finally he axew to consider ' thes?
dainties as his just due*, and when
they were not forthcoming at the mo
ment he wauled them he did not hesi
tate to walk into the stores and help
himself, not only to sugar and turnips,
but to any oth«r stock on'h.md that
pleased his fancy. . . . .
If you kept u store built of light
bamboo you v.-oulJ not like a big
cavalry horse to com? In and v/alk
about the place, sampling ypur goods.
The native shopkeepers objected, but
Billy never considered their feelings.
Ho did as he pleated, and if the door
was too femall he didn't mind widen
ing it a bit with his big shoulders. It
was no rare sight to aee Billy's huge
hindquarters protruding out of some
shack, his body corking up the door,
his head and shoulders lost In the in
terior, and his tail switching about
contentedly as he. helped himself In
side. You would know by the row
within that the owner was objecting,
but that made no difference.
This sort of thing soon became so
bad that whenever Billy was seen ap
proaching there would be a "general
scramble among the storekeepers to
barricade their doors and business
would be suspended until he had safe
ly passed.
¦ Only the. children regarded . Billy at
all favorably. Sometimes you could see
the old. chap stretched out under the
shade of a spreading mango tree, with
a dozen or more little .: brown tots
scrambling over his scraggy flank. Oc
casionally he would raise his head as
though in protest. /- > . '. ;
* "Look here, you scamps," you might
fancy him saying, "don't be too rough
or I'll roll over ' on you. Hey, , there,
you little black Imp; leave ray tall
alone; It wasn't built for you to pull.
Here,' get away from my mane. I want
to sleep, and how can Z with you walk-
Ing all over me?", :, *.>
•Whereupon he wouldt snort fiercely,
as ' though contemplating Bangui nary
vengeance, but It always ended in his
sinking hack with a .helpless blink cf
his eyes.' -..
• Thus Billy passed the time In Vigan,
tyrannizing all -wilt whom he came In
contact; until one day there occurred
the crowning event* of his life.* Some
are inclined, from -a political point; of
view, to regard it as a lasting stain
upon his honor. They contend that
as an American born, as a pro-tege of
the Government, Billy should have con
fined his most intimate friendships
among his own people. At least, he
should not have ' formed the attach
ment cf his life with one of the people
at war with his country. But Billy
was too broad rninded to allow wars
to interfere vvitlr. his friendships. At
any rate, he began by striking up an
acquaintance with Perico de la [Crui
the ten-.year-old eon of a lieutenant in
active service in the enemy's ranks.
Perico's mother lived alone in a
small nlpa hut .in the outskirts of the
town. Her hut was constantly .'under
the surveillance of Government spies,
it being suspected that the insurgent
officer was haying; too frequent com
munication/with His wife. Innocent
of these dark suspicions that hung
over his home, Perk-o played in the
adjacent fields of zacate. Now Billy
was especially fond of zacat'c, and he
soon learned that the besl of its kind
grew about Perico's house, so he paid
the place frequent visits. Thus he first
met Perico. Evidently the two found
each other congenial spirits, for after
that they got to be seen together more
and more, not only in the fields of
zacate, but about the streets. As I
have said, dark mutteringa of disap
proval, perhaps, not untainted by a
spirit of Jealousy, arose among the
less liberal Americans, jt dldn't;lobk
well, .they said. - But Billy, was In the
height of his power, so he could afford
to disregard these protests.
This chance 'acquaintance .soon
ripened ihtodeep friendship. -The* two
become inseparable companions.' When
you saw Perico turn a street corner,
you' expected Billy, and sure enough
he would follow, not far behind. , Qr,
if you saw Billy's head .protruding
over, a fdn.ee you , knew, where to'.flnd
Perlcol When Perico ate his meals on
the /steps of his ; mother's;- hut, .Billy
was "there, munching zacate. '/Tliey
went' but for long trarhps together*,'? the
puny brown boy usually seated on. the
veteran's broad shoulders and (holding
his mane. No, one since. Lawton; had
dared to do that. The two did pretty
much as they ; pleased- -^7 Walked
through: people's fences, over, people's
vegetable patches, stampeded ¦ people's
poultry, and' even sauntered over .the
lawn in . front i'of --the .'general's ¦ head
quarters in spite of that great man's
somewhat feeble protests.
'"••' The . colonel was j the only one who
ever*,' rose ; in active rebellion, but he
was 'ignobly* squelched. He was hold-
Ing a solemn review of his troops one
evening oh : the parade' grounds. All
was quiet, and it would have been ' a
most •' impressive ; review >if old Billy,
with Perico on.his back, hadn't stalk
ed along Just then, passing between
the colonel and the line of men at
company front.
1 It Is recorded that the colonel swore
a great oath.' That may have : attracted
Billy's attention, "'for he 'seemed to
ieeognlze the" colonel as an old ; friend.
He^went' iip 4 " to ,.him, r arid,. the cqlonel,
v ttr "save his •dlgnityj'' had to retreat to
the band stand. ¦ ;'•¦ '¦' ''.' : '¦¦'.- /-.
Protest. was of no avail. If you spoke
to them Verico simply Shrugged his
shoulders and eald "No sabe," \ ahd
Hilly twirled an ear or winked an eye.
Them was little satisfaction in . that.
Then you felt that they chuckled to
pelher after you were gone.
¦ But tyranta are only mortal. These
two. were no exceptions. ' « ¦•
One Jay a yellow flag appeared be
fore the house in Vigan in which Peri
co lived. It was the beginning of the
fearful epidemic, of smallpox, when
half of the families of the town and
province were affected; when the saf
fron tsls hung in listless folds before
many a hut and house. They said
that the insurgent officer had brought
the disease in from his camp, where it
sraged unchecked, on one of his secret
visit?/
The boy Perico tossed deliriously
on a bamboo cot while his sad-faced
mother arid a. sad-faced aunt nursed
hin>. A sentry was stationed to warn
people away from the quarantined
family. Billy calmly ignore'd him,
and walked to the open window, but
it was too high for him to look in.
How Billy felt. Just how much he
missed his little comrade, we never
knew, for Billy's long face wore an
expression of sorrow habitually, any
how. But there was an atmosphere
of painful abstraction about him when
he munched his evening allowance of
oats.
After a few days he ceased to haunt
the little hut on the, outskirts of the
town, and then we thought he had
forgotten. He even took up more with
other children i In i a general sort of
way, but not with any one in particu
lar. - : ¦' .."'¦¦ -ih.Si-,
. For a whole week Perico had been
gone. . Even the American soldiers
missed the tiny "figure, and when it
was' reported that Lieutenant de la
Cruz had been seen coming into town
one . evening nobody troubled to re
port th'e matter to headquarters. '
It; was the eighth day of Perico'a
illness. ; The sentry in front of the
hut paced sleepily to and fro, or
thoughtfully contemplated the shade
of the near-by mango trees. ' Sudden
ly he .was by; a scream inside
the house, and the next moment the
form of a child shot by him down the
street.' :,:¦-, * '. . . •
: '-'Stop him! Stop him! /Stop him!
Senof Americano ;» •.wailed/ the dis
tracted mother, t ronv the* door, of, the
hut. 'But it was too" late. "With frantic
screams • and wild ; gesticulations the
delirious I Perico ran ) down ,> the road,
naked'as he had come Into the world,
down into the Calle de Santa Ignacla,
into* the" Escolta, the .» main . street,
and.'> turned -. up, toward the- plaza.
Women screamed from windows and
the sidewalks, men shouted," but none
dared to seize the afflicted boy.
Suddeni y there \ was a commotion
farther down the Escolta. The crowd
scattered, and through' its center, old
Billy came pelting, *i answering, the
boy's .wild shouts, with a succession
of hoarse I whinnies. C At the; corner
of the: Calle" del. Oblspo .Perico • turned
down toward the market, where the
streeferids, • with Billy., pounding along,
not fifty yards behind. Into the mar
ket gates the boy disappeared, causing
The sergeant or Squadron A wta de
tailed to put him out of his misery.
The soldier's bare, brawny arm qulvw
ered a trifle before h© fired.
AH that afternoon the dead -veteran
Jay In the market square while all
Vigan— soldiers, merchants, officers and
privates, women and children— passed
by to take a last look at his familiar
figure. That night the full moon's
beams straggled through tha broken
tiles of the roof and flecked the old
market place. Only the dark, vagua
heap in the center remained in shadow,
and about it stood a circle of children
quiet, motionless, furtively clasping
each other's hands.
Those who have been In tha Philip
pines will never forget tha chant I of
the sorrowful. The singer improvises
a line, which he half speaks, half sings,
beginning low and rising until tha last
word Is lost In a long drawn out wall.
Then comes a pause of almost half
a minute, and tha next Una begins.
Thus did Billy's former playmates
chant a dlrga for him. A boy of 18
composed the lines and tha rest Joined
in the wall. The lines ha improvised
in the native Ilocano dialect, when
translated, went something like this:
"Good-byJ Billee, oh, good-by, oh.
I ' i •,' ; Blllee, oh O-O-O-O-oh-o-o-o-o—
In the spirit land the great General
Americano oh-O-O-O-O-O-oh-o-o
o-o-o-o—
Shall ride you again; oh, BllUe, oh,
O-O-O-O-O-oh-o-o-o-o—
And Ferico shall give you sugar thaw.
oh. Blllee, oh-O-O-O-O-O-o-o-o
;¦;'-. o-O—
Perico has gona there, too. oh, Bill**,
oh-O-O-O-O-O-oh-o-o-o-o—
Good-by, Blllee, oh. good-by, oh, 4
Blllee, oh-O-O-O-O-O-oh-o-o-o-o-o— ** ?!
(Copyright. 1904. by Albert 8onnle&a«a.>
the * wildest . confusion imonj the
throng of buyers and sellers. The
market is a square. 'walled In by stone,
with a door on each side of the quad
rangle. The crazed child shot Into
one sate and out- of another, and fell
in a fit in the street beyond.
Billy burst Into the crowded market
too late to see where his little com
panion had gone. For a moment he
stood in Its center under the tiled
roof, among the baskets and tables
loaded with wares, while the people,
American soldiers and FillDino men
and 'women alike, poured out of the
four' gates. ¦ . *
Just what passed through Billy's
equine intellect at that moment will
never be known,, but evidently "he
hastily concluded that they were hid
ing Perico from him behind some of
the baskets or stalls. He began a
systematic search, overturning and
crushing earthenware Jars, baskets of
eggs and fruits, bamboo Joints- of milk
and racks of dry goods. The venders
had sense enough to get out and leave
their possessions to fate. Billy had
the entire market to himself; frantic
ally he pounded around and flound
ered about among the obstacles.
'Suddenly he paused. Above the roar
of the crowd outside he heard the de
lirious cries of the child he loved. He
stood still, his ears pricked up, his
nostrils dilated, quivering. Then he
made a swift turn toward the eastern
gate, whence came the cries. In doing
so he upset and burst a large earthen
ware jar of cocoanut oil, which spread
over the brick pavement. Billy's hoofs
slid, he slipped, fought desperately to
recover his footing, but fell,- rolling
heavily against a big stone pillar. With
frantic screams he tried to rise, but
again he fell helplessly back.
There remains little more to be told.
4 THE* SAN FRANCISCO" SUNDAY^'CAUl
WHEN
LAWTON'S
CHARGER
RULED VIGAN
7no_textno_textTo those who, wish to ; possess • this
style of shade , it- : can ; be . whispered
t ha t . the t tucks are"; applied and that, i
instead of :J>elng , real, ¦ they are ; Simu
la ted. ; ,AnV,old' and' thoroughly ¦' out
of-date;, parasol can be made; into a
new and "thoroughly modern one by
the simple expedient of , applying sim
ulated . tucks'^ and? large, ' flowers out ' of
figured goods. ¦" ' ¦ • .
• If i there Is ¦ such* a thine • »s a new
trimming such ¦ a j trimming' Is bbserv
hble in the . bands of new. green \ linen
which "are used to' ¦ trim ¦•'.¦' crowns of
white linen, red linen and ' linen of
all colors."- These bands, of '^bright
green are either overlaid with lace or
with braid of an open weave, so that
the 'green? shines through;' *
A beautiful suit of all white linen was
trimmed with green .bandstand over
these green bands were laid strips of
wash^lace. They '.trimmed the cuffs,
the collar, and the lapels . f or v the ¦ waist
were made. with a simulated vest from
which the; lapels turned back smartly.
To be' terribly smart the veil must
ma tch in color these trimmings. Green
trimmings , call : for . a green veil, ," gold
trimmings call for a veil of deep cream.
•j* Jf ANT men, most men in fact,
(\/\ stop Just short of being their
\Y I best, .selves. That Is" the
X.. pathos of human life. We
have in every community a fair sup
ply ,'of ainlable. Intelligent, Interest-
Ing, respectable men and women. There
is a vast deal of kindness and of good
ness in the world, filtering constantly
from one life to another. But along
with it we find life after life which Just
falls of attaining Its largest develop
ment and usefulness. One of the most
painful things I ever heard said about
a. human : being : was the remark of a
keen critic concerning an attractive
and 'versatile young woman: "She Just
misses being an -extremely nice girl."
He meant that with all her brilliancy
and virtue there was the absence of a
certain,", perhaps indefinable, but -real
trait . that would • have made her a
charming and altogether lovable crea
ture. .••*j§BH2iKpffii
The cause of such arrested moral and
spiritual development is not far to seek.
Often the secret of it Is the compara
tively low and sordid ends tot which
a man is devoting' God-given talent
and strength. In commenting upon a
prominent American .who died not long
ago, one, of our comic papers, noted for
Its! frequent flashes of wisdom as well
as of wit, said saplently: "He. was a
.first-class - man with a , second-class
career.". It meant barring a brief
but extremely creditable period of pub
lic service, he had given himself to the
amassing of wealth and to the selfish
enjbyment'of It when it was in him to
do large and chivalrous service for his
fellow-men, to lead some great re
form movement in politics, to apply
his undoubted intellectual ability and
his. rare capacity for influence over
others to the solution of some of our
pressing national problems. But he
preferred the pleasure arising from
the manipulation of great business in
terests and the Joys o'f society and of
his clubs.. He was not quite ready for
the moral struggle and sacrifice essen
tial to becoming his best possible self.
On the other hand It is reassuring
to see how many men both in public
and private life instead of deteriorating
morally as they age actually grow bet
ter.. A prominent minister who at
tended a while ago the twenty-fifth re
union of his college class told me that
the thing that impressed him dost
was the fact that almost every one
of bis classmates seemed to have im
proved In the quarter of a century
since graduation. The same process
may occasionally be observed In the
political realm. The death of a re
nowned party leader has recently called
attention to tbe way In which It is
possible for a man to outgrow suspi
cions and hostilities, through giving a
larger outlet year by year to that which
was best In' him. It was not in vain
that he. passed through the furnace of
public criticism, of family Borrows, of
personal bereavement, for during all
this distressing experience he was
growing morally himself, and gaining
the confidence . and the affection of the
common people, so that to-day ques
tionable methods of earlier years recede
into the background of his career and
the nation mourns the loss of a true
and patriotic leader.
No one becomes his best, self unless
he feels upon his life the push of some
great ennobling force from without. In
the case Just cited it was a great and
growing sympathy with the rightful de
mands of the wage-earning class that
made the man cherishing it grow con
stantly nobler to his dying day. To
others some wrong to be redressed or
some worthy propaganda Is the motive
force, In the spiritual advance. And to
still others— and there is a multitude of
these— It is the imperatives, the . re
straints and the Inspirations of religion
that furnish the Impulse to the real
izing of that which is best in them.
The man you might be is not so very
far away from you to-day. It needs
only a little more continuous, stren
uous endeavor to mount up to him. Oh.
to have a vision this day of the man
we might be, the man we ought to be,
the man we can be. THE PARSON.
MAN YOU MIGHT BE.
which they fall in a handsome. flounce.
One of the decided novelties; of the
season was a- veil of.net, Into which
tiny steel ornaments ¦ were fastened.
This waa worn .with a collar of black
satin, studded with steel buttons that
looked like nail heads. The belt was to
match. It was wide and folded like a
girdle, and there were groups of these
nail-heads of steel studding it here and
there. The buckle was made of .steel.
f And there is another novelty, this
one. in gilt, which .caters to the fancy
for something that will glisten. It con
sists *of a dotted veil with gold figures
in Japanese design.' The . dots are
worked in gold silk. This veil Is worn
with a 1 gold belt,; cut on the military
style, with a >ourid military buckle,
while the stock is cut on the military
'order and trimmed with two bands "of
"braid. For those who canV wear, this
severe order of things it 'is very be
coming. * '<?; " ;
A veil which had the accent: of nov
elty; and which was 'perhaps the" only
one of its kind, as it was designed for
a ' trousseau, was made of very • fine
.mesh. It could be worn over, the
face, as it had only the tiniest figures.
Bordering it was a bias band of black
taffeta*/ in bright shades of red/-" . This •
band , was . put on,' not" more . than half
an inch in width, and was stitched in
tailored fashion on both' edges. A
similar band* bordered the'. top of the
veil, , which" was "worn over., a- large
brimmed hat. ;
. There is the veil for general wear
and . which is thrown- over. . ' the *•- hat
. and lifted with 'studied -carelessness.
It Is .fastened here and there upon' the
brlni" with fancy pins, which can be
taken out If the, veil be. lowered. An
other = veil of this- description - is . put
around the hat in regular fashion and
then raised in regular folds, which are .
pinnecT to . the hat brim. ,
A Little .Word. About Parasols.
The new parasols, are: the next de
cided novelties of the season. Th,ey
com* alMaid in, tucks, with the tucks
in graduated sizes. Again. they airs,
laid in groups, of threes or four. And
there are parasols with a wide group
of tucks around the small part. v
and so through the range of colors.
But the, prettiest idea of all. both
from a veil standpoint and from a fash
ion standpoint. Is the shirt-waist suit
that is garlanded with flowers. Beau
tiful wreaths of flowers, Email and
Joined together in rope fashion, are
carried around the gown. The entire
costume is made up of this flowered
material. . The veil matches It and Is
embroidered "with little ' flowers. The
and the orettiest of these veils are in
white with large circles in golden
brown velvet applied to the veil with
mucilage.
The plain chiffon veils trimmed only
with lozenges, circles or ovals of vel
vet are easy to make. Any woman
with a little ingenuity will buy the
chiffons, cut out the velvet and apply
the disks to the veil. This is all there
is to the making of the veil, and the
result is excellent. Such a veil should
be draped around the hat and looped
off the face, for the spots are far too
heavy to be worn over the* eyes.
The calling veils carry one away frum
the realm of the practical and the Inex
pensive into the domain of the beauti
ful and the costly. In calling and re
ception veils the patterns come very
high and one can pay one's own prjee.
¦ Lovely veils in all-over-lace, with fine
mesh and small eilk dots, can be ob
tained with a wide border of real lace.
This bc-rder sets " the veil and gives
it the dressy look which all veils must
have this eeason. One variety of this
veil shows a netting of golden brown
with a border of white. 'Still another
veil is in white net with a border* cf
black. , I
,The shaded or Iridescent veils are
lovely, but they muet be worn by a"
woman with . a great deal of taste at
her disposal. - Thl3 in rose pink, which
shades from , a very pale shade to', a
very deep shade, are Jthe best. . They
come in - very long pieces and can be
draped around a hat and fastened in
the back to form long streamers/ . Or
the ends can be brought around to the
front again.
The veil jr'-.i takes great prominence
in this season of veils. And one of the
prettiest of veil pins Is the long buckle
which is fastened at the back of the
veil. This has a pin underneath, so
that the buckle is only a bluff, but the
effect is very good indeed.
Great pins, round and as big as door
plates, are worn on the lacks c-f veils,
and in many instances these are so
heavy that they are pinned fast to the
hair or to the hat Or the veil is fas
tened with several short hat pins,
which are stuck in the back of the
veil in suchy a manner as to display
them nicely. They' should, of course,,
match the Jewelry of the gown.
It is the very ultra'lhlng to wear a
dotted net veil '.with a gown of dotted
net. The two, the veil and the gown,
seem off one piece and must be
trimmed in the same manner, with
lace, with embroidery or with an ap
plique of animals and flowers. '
Turbans, which are to be the favorite
hats for early wear, will be draped
with veils of fine mesh, trimmed with
velvet dots or with all lace veilings,
and the . prevailing style will be the
looped veil, lifted in the front and let
fall at the back of the turban..
The old-: fashioned shirred veils are : In
style. The veil, which is fastened upon
a Bhir string, is carried around the
brim of the hat and the string is fas
tened at the back.
The curtain veils that fall at the back
only are laid in side plaits and are
sewed to the back of the hat, from
IN t?ite cf the fact that hat* are
gorgeously and extravagantly
trimmed, veils are worn. It Is to
be a veil summer, and the veiled
lady will travel abroad through the
land.
• Not in the plain complexion veil alone
Tv-ill the fashionable woman be draped,
but she will be stvathed in a great
length of beautifully embroidered mesh
vhirh would b« a work of art to behold
even were it not made more lovely by
being drared around the head of
l*auty and fashion. To accent its love
liness it is drawn over hats of great
price and through its meshes there
grfektn wonderful flouers of fine make
jihat. cost more thin their weight in
It is said that no really modish
.wrman will so out without at least two
veils. Very many are wearing three,
end there are cases on record where
five -have been worn.
The woman with five veils will use
the fir*t veil as a hat trimming. It will
trrape the veil covering the, flowers
'that are placed around it. The second
vefl will be much handsomer in texture
than the first and will be fastened at
The back of the hat to fall over the
lieir. . The third veil, which is exceed
ingly filmy, is used as a complexion
VeiL The fourth is a handsome lace
veil, falling over the complexion
veil, while the fifth is an immense
* chirred affair, to be put on for driving
and automobiliny. The lady thus veiled
v ill Le a feature of the summer.
But there are veils and veils, as every
one who has observed the tendencies
of tbe summer will have noticed," and
one of the prettiest is the veil which
falft ovtr the face and which may be
'lifted or r.yt. as oae may choose. This
'veil is elaborately trimmed as to bor
der, though plain in the mesh, and it is
lowered to the chin and below.
. The little nose veil is no longer worn.
This trifling affair, whicn came down
* under the hut and' held the eyelashes
er.d th- nose in close t confinement, is
banished. It was not pretty and the
border coaxing just across the mouth
-was exceedingly ugly. Neither is the
tight fitting veil to be seen. This is the
veil which was put on under the hat
The hat was pinned en over It and the
veil "was fastened at the back.
All veils now are put on over the
hat and a rrcat many of them com
pletely enveloji the hat, the face, the
n*>cl: ar.d the clock and are pinned at
"the back in tome ornate way.
The large veil is the veil' of the sum
mer and. though it may be a little thick
f-»r suir.mer wear, and, though ft may
be heavily trimmed and almost cum
bersome, there is na doubt that it will
h* the style.
The most popular of all veils" Is the
veil that is worn on the hat. It need
not extend around the crown, but it
. must be fastened to the back of the
hat ir. some way. Veil ends, beauti
fully trimmed with lace, or made en
tirely of lace, fall down over the neck.
This makes at once a trimming for the
back uf the hat and also a trimming
fat the hair and the neck.
Old hats, the hats of last summer,
can be rejuvenated by the proper use
of the' la co veil. If draped around the
Ijrim and fastened at the back so as to
Tall in long tabs, each tab finished with
a. wide strip of lace, the hat will be
cj-uite up to date.
¦The curtain veil is another variety.
•This is the veil which is fastened to
the back of tSy hat brim in euch a
manner as to. form a curtain around
. each eide and the back. The front has
no curtain. The style, while it looks
* pii at first, has the merit of growing
upon one. It looks quite pretty after
one gets used to its odd curtained ap
pearance. '¦'.'''¦.. •.'-¦ ¦ *
• The very wide and very round hats
are treated in ways peculiar to them
selves. The piazza vci' is very thin and
.."is trimmed with large velvet orna
• meats. Velvet blackberries are put on
In groups of two or three, here and
•¦'there all over the veil. These black
berries are then worked in silk in spots
to give them a reddish hue. The result
is a veil that is very attractive and be
coming.
Oculists may object to the figured
.veil, but there is no-- record that they
object to the plain veil and, particu
larly, to the plain veil that is lifted in
the front, and most of the veils are
made to be lifted from the face. Just
•what may be the mission of the veil
that -is not lowered 'over the face can
not be stated. Particularly as the hat
which it conceals Is" one of the love
liect.
¦Women of economical tendencies are
taking advantage of the veil fad and
are wearing a veil over a hat to cover
the shabbiness thereof, thus making an
old hat laet a few days longer. Others
are boldly taking the hat of last sum
mer and fitting it with a new and hand
some veil in such a manner that the
bat Is not seen at "all.
Veils have names this season, and
pr.i veil is called the coachman's veil.
Jt resembles the veil worn 'by automo
biliEts. It is shirred at the top and is
clipped over the hat. A ring is slipped
inside the shirring to keep it in place.
The whole is then drawn over the hat
and the veil ends are crossed in the
back, to be brought forward to the
front, looped under the chin and let
fall in long floating ends down , the
front of the gown.
The good-by veil Is quite different
from this. It is made of chiffon, with
one end very much trimmed with but
terflies or with birds on the wing. It
is a very long veil, seven yards in
•length and it is hemmed, but is not
otherwise made up. Thl? good-by veil
is thrown over tbe hat, is looped away
'from the face and is caught upon the
bodice with fancy pins.
The shoppers' veil Is another varia
tion of the veil of the season. It is
made of fine mesh or chiffon and it is
a shade of cream or white. Its trim
suing" consists of large lozenges of
'black velvet, which are pinned to the
veil at frecuent intervals. These lo
zenges are in black or white, blue or
red, according to the color of the gown,
A great effort Is being made to In
troduce ivory in dress. The Jaded
fancy yearns for just ona thing more
and It is found In the ivory buckle,
the Ivory buttons, the ivory pins.
which can be clapped at tbe throat.
the ivory ornaments of this kind and
that; and now in the ivory side combs
which come for the hair.
Don't, if you are getting up your
spring supply of pretty things, forget
the small things. Upon the veil, the
side combs, the belt buckle, the neck
pins and other littles there depends
to a great degree the beauty of tha
toilet.
Here are a few skirt rules which
can be applied to all the 1830 skirts.
Don't have the skirt touch in any
place. Don't have it too short. Don't
have it scanty, but let it swing clear
from the street and hang full all the
way round.
Don't try to trim the skirt elabo
rately if you are still clinging to the
1830 styles. Set ruffles around the
foot, but be content with ruffles. You
do not need a great deal of embroidery
or applique.
Don't try to wear a shirred skirt
unless you are very slender. Don't
try to have your skirts full on the
hips. Let the fullness be gathered
into shirrlngs and made as Cat as pos
sible.. Let it be laid in the side tucks,
let It be managed in any way Just so
the hips are not made any fuller.
The Eugene skirt differs from this
in that it Is very long all the way
round. It is the typical piazza skirt
and is allowed to drag on the ground.
Its only looping is right In the middle
of the front.
There are fringes worked around me
dallions, and there are fringes which
have curious little ornaments entwined
In them. Fringes also come with pearl
beads strung through the fringe and
through the border, and fringes are
seen with embroideries worked In
through *the ornaments and with me
dallions surrounded by silk.
.
hat is trimmed. with Cower* to male*
those on the costume.
While It is a season of the revival
of old thlnxs. It is also a <ason of the
discovery of new things. Stout women
are discovering that they can wear
narrow, dull belts bett*r than they can
wear the soft, wide ones. Therefor* 16
Is for the stout woman to din* to th*
narrow belts and the slim women to
wear the wide folded ones. And ex
trrmss can be found in both.
There can be obtained the very nar
rowest belts of dull silk and of dull
leather. And there can also be obtained
th* very wide folded belts of silk or
¦atln or chiffon velret. Bo the* two ex
tremes of figure can be accommodated,
the shor£ stout woman and the tall,
¦lender one
While Dam© Fashion has always ad
vised the fat woman to wear * ?«**
narrow zone of black around her waist,
she nan come out thi* «easoa with a
different bit of wisdom. "Wear a belt
to match your waist." «ay» thl» wise
dame. In order that your walat may
appear a little longer. No matter what
may be the color or the material of
your waist, let the belt repeat It In
tone. If not 'in kind." Thl* U a Isason
for the stout woman to sondsr over
and one which she must learn If abe
would bear any relationship to. th*
Quality called chic.
Old-fashioned gloves are coming back
1m style. They are made short la the
wrist, with one button. This displays
a little of the wrist above the glove.
and there Is an opportunity for brace
lets. The wide, flat bracelet 1» the
thliig. It comes In gold and In other
materials, and when not In a metal It
Is in the shape of a velvet band. The
band can be fastened with a jeweled
pin.
The old-fashioned band of velvet
around the wrist . roes well with the
pendant trimming. All sorts of fringe*.
hanging balls, dangling articles and
pendants of every kind are used In the
new trimmings, and to make them
novel the manufacturers have Intro
duced new designs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALH
THE PICTURE VEIL
10Water as Medicine
the eyes even wnen* there seems. to be
no actual ; reason '{ for,; them.' r If 'satis
fled that ¦ your , health Xis" good, -try. to
sleep, an hour -longer 'each night, for
this' often effects '_'•>, speedy cure. :¦'•¦ Some
people' do very, nicely on six or seven
hours ;of sleep, whilef other : constitu
tions'.require'; eight" or?; nine , r hours V to
obtain the same result.' In connection
ENTERTAINING (Mrs. M.)— I would
not hesitate one Instant about giving
a small dinner without the aid' of a
maid. Invite only those who will ac
cept your hospitality In the same spirit
that It is given in. It would be a
shame to deprive vour fronds of a
pleasant evening now and then, and
you can manage very nicely if you will
give it a little time and attention. For
Instance, any clear broth may be made
the day before, and so may your
dessert. Salad may be prepared early
and in this way you need not rush
yourself into a flurry. Place a small
table near you and put the salad and
crackers upon it and that will save
time and steps. It is always the
easiest and the pleasantest way to
laugh an embarrassing situation away,
for accidents will happen in the best
regulated households.
FRATERNITY HOUSE HOSPITAL
ITY (Elsie)— Under one condition alone
may you dine at the fraternity house
as the only Invited guest. Ascertain
if the boys have what they call a
"house mother," and, if so. she will
act as your chaperon, and a -very de
lightful one you will find her, too.' In
all probability your host has already
spoken to the "mother" about you, but
Answers to
Correspondents
neglected to tell you of his arrange
ments. . _-.••'
DRESSMAKER (Lace Yokes)— The
best way to make a , lace yoke is to
baste it on paper. You will find the
lace* will shape itself easier than in
sertion, for one edge is naturally, a bit
wider and I am quite sure you : will
have no difficulty if you cut your pat
tern in newspaper- and baste the lace
on. It is a great deal of work to- whip
the yoke, sleeves and ruffles by hand
and it will look very- weir run up by
machine. Certainly, if. you are!-, busy
all day and have but your evenings, I
would not hesitate a minute. Most of
the expensive waists in shops are made
by machine and no one thinks any
thing of it, so I would not If I were
you. . j^y i
A DAINTY EVENING GOWN (Mary
B.)— If you'want something* quite new
and a dream of. color,' select "for your
evening gown shaded chiffon with lin
ing of soft finished taffeta or liberty
satin and all the lacethe state of your
purse will permit you to buy. Shaded
chiffon comes in all '.the most becom
ing colors and is shaded from the palest
to the darkest of the color. ._ So per
fectly is the fabric' dyed, that each
shade melts into the next and creates
a most bewitching, shimmer without
the least tinge of garishness. A deli- ;
cate shade of pinkish violet Is charm-'
ing and the following • mode is. most
appropriate for this airy\fabric: The
skirt should be composed of three, ac
cordion plaited flounces, the lightest
shade nearest the belt and the edges
of each flounce edged with; one of 'the
new ruchings of gauze* ribbonT"; Motifs
or bandings of lace may be applied to
the flounce, although it ' would • be a
good deal like "gilding gold." -
waist should be very full and of Hh<f
plaited . chiffon, " and , the deep round
yoke extend deeply 'over the top": of
the arms, half way to the elbows. Be
low the lace portion falls a full, rather
short, flowing sleeve of chiffon. To
obtain the fluffy • outward 3 sweep ¦ about
the" foot, the drop lining" should -have
a deep flounce covered with a mass of .
tiny plaited frills. The high girdle is
made of wide liberty satin ribbon and
lace, boned to hold • it in place. . Fash
ion demands that'. all 'evening gowns
shall be very long all-around. To tell
the truth, it is something of a' trick
to walk gracefully in a skirt of such
length, and the wise woman will have
a few full dress rehearsals In private
to acquire the art. Do not , forget that .
the step must bewith a gliding Jmo-'
tion to be graceful" and successful. •
DARK CIRCLES UNDER . THE
EYES. (Gladys)— Ekrk circles under
the eyes may be the beginning 7 of :
some organic trouble, such as ¦ liver
congestion, Indigestion or lack of; sleep/
and a general run-down condition' of .
the system: Brunettes are particularly .'¦
susceptible to heavy' shadows around:'
with the additional sleep, massage
around the eyes, night and morning,
using - a good skin food. This will
build ' up , the tissues and the delicate
layer of. fat thus Induced will tend
to purify and to whiten the skin. Begin
at the outer corner, of the eye,, pick , up
the skin and gently roll between the
thumb and finger; then place the tips
of the fingers at the. inner corners of
the 1 , eyes -and draw them under the
eyes, outward,' to the temples,, using a
rather ligtit pressure.' Repeat at least
twenty times. After using -the skin
food in the . morning wipe \ the face
with a soft, dean cloth to/removeall
surplus and apply a little" good. powder
to. cover the shiny, appearance which
follows such applications. Massage
the right side of. the body. Just b'elow
the ribs, to stimulate the action of the
liver, be very careful of "your diet "and
after a few weeks of faithful-treat
ment, there, should be a marked im
provement.
DECORATING THE DEN (Young
Wife). — Novelties in pillows for cozy
corners, window seats and especially
for dens, are shown in art burlaps col
ored in' rich shades of brown, green,
red and the loveliest shades of soft old
blue, and the unique part of it all is
, thai the; design is worked in raffia.
Barbaric effects are usually sought
and the fibrous material is used in' one
or ,"in .several colors as best expresses
the national colors to be represented or
the forms of design. The'
stitches . employed are rather j long and ¦
simple, hence the work. is quite quickly
executed. The stamped pillow covers
and raffia can be obtained at any large
department, store, or you may buy the
completed pillows if you don't mind the
expense. If not perfectly familiar with
the method of taking the stitches, I
would suggest that you purchase one
finished pillow and use it as a guide.
The coloring of raffia Is by no means
perfect, although It has been much
improved and has lost much of the
crudeness of the first put on ' the ] mar
ket. T Many ingenious women who de
light, in raffia-work obtain it . in the
natural color and dye It themselves.
After.'a little practice charming shades
of ; color . be obtained to harmonize
with all sorts of decorations, which is a
vast help to artistic effects; for too few
colors, 1 , even : if ¦ good, lend, to monotony,
when frequently used. The edges of
these pillows are usually finished with
a cord of plaited raffia in mixed or self
colors I to harmonize with the burlap.
The corners may be tucked^in and held
by invisible, stitches or a newer Idea Is
to' fold over the corner and secure with
a. large button of raffia. .Table covers
i In- the same ; materials are serviceable,
and spaces i above the • mantel : may / be
filled in with embroidered panels '. to
match and form excellent backgrounds
• for s collections" of small arms,*' . pipes,
etc. 1 , 5 : which -usually litter a man's den.
. While the - artistic possibilities - of this
THERE is nothing quite as odious
or as disagreeable as a woman—
• or a man. for that matter — who
JL fairly reeks with a heavy, pun
gent Derfume. In the first place
it not only attracts unfavorable at
tention, which alone should be suffi
cient cause for using It sparingly, but
"it Is scarcely fair to punish others,
. -for there are hosts of people who
* .-cannot endure perfume of any kind
.• without being seriously ilL
But, on the other hand, nothing Is
more pleasant than a faint, sweet odor
that expresses one's Individuality, and
i the well groomed woman always has a
* suspicion of violets or lavender linger
ing about her. To accomplish this re
. quires time and constant attention.
'• Putting a few drops of extract on to
' day does not mean that It will cast
. forth Its fragrance to-morrow. Nor
making a sachet bag and sewing it in
a 'new frock do not necessarily mean
that both have been properly attend
.>3 to and need no future considera
.Uon.
. - That Is not the way to possess
jnreet, clean-smelling clothes. Oln no.
'It requires a system peculiarly Its
--'own. which to the initiated is' com
aosly known as the "pad" method.
¦. There are big ones and little ones,
pads for clothes and pads for chests.
. In fact, there Is a long list of them
•-. that must be gone over at stated inter
" vals or else their usefulness Is lost.
: A good cachet Is one to be placed
In a chiffonier, a dresser or among
"• gowns— or. forsooth, it may be fitted
". .to trunks and suit cases if one Is much
of a globe-trotter. One has unlim
; lted liberty bo far as materials are
" concerned, for something lnexpensive
' ly simple will answer the purpose
quite as well as a very elaborate
« fabrjc
If' it Is Intended for home use
cheesecloth or eilkoline will do nicely,
and it^fconstruction may be as simple
* aqd plain as one likes. For example,
. white cheesecloth lined with a wad
'"•dlhj? may be roughly quilted with a
Teather stitch of blue embroidery silk
\end a coarse white lace run about
{he edges by way of a finishing frill.
It Is not only pretty and sweet, but
.-what is more to the point, may be
quickly end easily opened and re
filled, for two or three dexterous
. 6hakes will send the small powder
: fiying into every nook and cranny.
' Of course, gifts require most costly
." "materials and nothing could be more
or prettier than ribbon,
#^ilk and lace. Use two contrasting
' shades of ribbon, any width, by the
v.ay, that is desired, and fasten them
firmly with any fancy stitch, or, better
yet, with an overhand stitch. The un
'derlining should be a soft, white China
Fllk and should be gently laid over two
"or three layers of cotton wadding
" sprinkled generously with sachet pow
der.
If lace is to be used it should be
¦sewed on the ribbon top as soon as the
«dges have been turned over the wad
ding," for the white silk is pliable and
v.ill turn in and finish off neatly and
v^ell. Unless the pad is tufted here and
tttere with a heavy Bilk or with bits of
narrow ribbons the wadding may slip
' out of place, but* tiny bows, French
knots or heavy stitches iwill hold the
'whole firmly and securely in place.
• • Pads of all sizes and descriptions may
be ina.de to slip between articles of
Skirt sachets are simple In the ex
treme. A number of small bags may
be run together out of any fancy rib
bon or silk that chances to be in the
house and attached to a long piece of
ribbon, which in turn is fastened to the
6kirt band at the waist. There may be
many or few, Just as one pleases, but
care should always be taken to see
that they are fastened* well to the back
of the skirt, else they" will prove a de
cided annoyance.
Small flowers are daintily and easily
shaped, with tiny, well-filled bags at
their back. In fact, sachets are made
in so many and in such different styles
that with little or no ingenuity one may
have an endless Variety of them, and
with little trouble and expense keep
them sweet and fragrant.
clothing. Any sheer fabric, sucn as ba
tiste or organdy, over pale colors is
dainty and fetching., especially when
it is finished with a wee ruffle of the
thin material and decorated with the
initial of the owner. ¦
A more sensible one is made of pale
blue or a delicate pink lawn, and it is
far less expensive, which is quite an
item when they are being turned out
wholesale and retail. Occasionally a
delightfully fresh looking piece of fig
ured lawn may be discovered tucked
away among the remnants, and it not
only lends itself beautifully to the
cause, but never fails to create a good
impression.
Pads for handkerchiefs, neckwear and
gloves are nothing new and they are
fashioned almost identically the same.
In some cases, in fact, they are exactly
the same, the only difference being
that two are made instead of one.
Three strips of narrow ribbon are
Eewed on both and the two are con
nected by means of small bows.
Nightgown sachets are rather novel
to the majority of people and, it must
be confessed, are not a positive neces
sity, as the drawer pads should perme
ate the gown fully and thoroughly.
Nevertheless, they are a smart toilet
adjunct, especially so when fashioned
from a Dresden ribbon with an allover
lacy pattern. <
Of corset bags there is an endless
variety. Perhaps the most popular- is
the plain ribbon bow, with two loops
turning each way. The ribbon is over
handed together, and Just a suspicion
of cotton placed in them. One side Is
fastened to the corset, but, of course,
the other must be pinned or tucked
Into place every time the corset is put
on. For this reason . many prefer two
flat lawn or linen strips, that are tacked
on either side of the girdle. Another
decided point in their, favor is the ease
with which they may be cleaned, for
the lawn may be emptied, tubbed and
be quite as good as new. This same
kind may be tacked in waists, although
Inhaling perfume constantly, frequent
ly giving one a nasty headache.
A good way to overcome this diffi
culty is to make a great fluffy bow and
leave one end of the ribbon some six
or eight inches in length. A round, well
filled bag is placed on the wrong side
of the bow, and the ribbon pinned to
the inside of the waist and hung away
In the closet.
/~Y O many and so varied are
\^v the little perplexities that
fj enter into almost every
K-^ uomak** life without flnd
* in^ satisfactory solution,
: and so many and so unusual aro
•the letters tliat arc constantly
being received from women
who cannot find an answer to
their questions in any other
-way. that Tlie Sunday Call has
established this page devoted
• entirely and exclusively to
••.Whnt Women Want to Know,'?
edited by Madsc Moore.
Here every trial or tribula
tion or the mind and heart can
be poured out in the full con
sciousness that it will receive se
rious consideration — every
question of fact or fiction, of
the liome and all Its manifold
ties ami tasks, of the Inner sanc
tuary cf a woman's life, finds
ready solution. Ladies, this page
is all your verjr own. What
would you?
l»Siase address all commu
nications to Madjre Moore, editor
?•What Women Want to Know,"
Sunday Call. San Francisco.
CONCERNING MOURNING COS
TUMES (Widow) prefer
ence largely governs the period of
mourning for a widow, although there
Is an established etiquette concerning
it. For the first month she is expected
to live In strict seclusion, seeing only
members of her family. She must not
enter social life for two years, but may
call upon her most intimate friends In
formally after the first year. The third
year she may entertain her friends and
go to places of amusement. As to her
attire, a veil and small bonnet is worn
for the first six months, usually one
year. After one and a half or two
years she may lighten her mourning by
wearing black and white or pure white.
Narrow turnover collar and cuffs of
plain hemstitched white linen may be
worn v after the first year. All mourn
ing garments must be very simply
made and colors are not considered
permissible under three years, and then
shades of gray and violet are the first
worn. During the first year a widow
should not wear Jewelry of any kind
except her wedding ring, nor is Jewelry
allowable the second year unless she
lightens her mourning, although many
do wear. Jet and enamel Jewelry during
the entire period and even diamond
rings. Earrings and brooches must
never be worn. While a widow should
adhere to certain recognized customs,
she may properly refuse to be a slave
to the numerous idiosyncrasies which
fashion imposes, without fear of serera
criticism. Many sensible people Justly
claim that customs are absurdly over
done. Needless seclusion and depress
ing attire only Intensify the bereave
ment; the living owe it to themselves,
their families and the world at large
to be as cheerful as circumstances will
permit. Do not misunderstand me, for
I believe In the tenderest reverence for
the dead, but respect and loving re
membrance can be shown In a thou
sand delicate ways which are not com
patible with vulgar display. ¦;' <-' ;
CARE OF CHILDREN'S THETH
(Mother). — The mistaken idea that a
child's first, or milk teeth, need not be
cared for entails no end of misery on
the child and inspires a feeling of re
pulsion in all sensitive beholders.
Scrupulous care of the teeth should be
begun from the day of their develop
ment In full, and the child taught aa
early as possible to care for them It
self under the supervision of nurse or
of mother. Get a small and not too stiff
brush, use a good prepared <*>»11t or
myrrh and camphor and have tha
teeth brushed morning and night. A
spool of silk dental floss Is also essen
tial and should be cut In six inch
lengths as most convenient to use; this
should be drawn between the teeth to
remove any particles which the brush
cannot dislodge; then rinse the mouth
thoroughly with tepid water in which
a pinch of bicarbonate of soda has
been dissolved. Or, Usterine may be
used in the proportion of fifteen drops
to a half glass of water. This- will
purify the breath and neutralise the
effects of the acids of the stomach on
the teeth. Have all the cavities filled
as soon as discovered. Never rely 090a
cursory home examinations, but take
the child regularly to a skillful dtnttrt
to have repairs mad*.
afford for the enjoyment ef another,
you have done your duty and It will
be accepted in the same spirit by the
well-bred person. A guest who so far
forgets himself as to make odious com
parisons should not be Invited a seo
ond time.
The unique progress of Japan and
the remarkable efficiency of Its peopla
In everything they undertake suggest
some Interesting questions as to the In
fluence of diet and personal hygiene
on national welfare. The British
Medical Journal says that the Japan
ese themselves attribute their .high
average of physical strength to a plain
and frugal diet, and the system of
gymnastics called Jiu-Jltro, which In
cludes a knowledge of anatomy and of
the external and internal uses of wa
ter. Although during the period of
their ascendency the Samurai kept the
secret that their great physical su
periority was due in a great measure
to the Internal and external use of
water, the belief that if used liberally
and intelligently water is an infallible
weapon against disease la now gener
ally held. By those who go in for Jiu
jitsu an average of one gallon a day
is drunk. It Is noteworthy that rheu
matism is. almost unknown In Japan;
it Is probable that the absence of
meat from the diet, combined with
the use of plenty of water, acoeunts
for this Immunity.
SOME SOCIAL FORMS (Per
plexed). — An opera hat is intended for
evening wear only.when a gentleman
attends the theater, opera* or recep
tions in full dress and, whether the
large or small formal dinner is given,
gentlemen as well as ladies must ap
pear, in full dress. For informal oc
casions, evy-'-'gs at home, theater and
stag parties the Tuxedo oat is correct.
Who shall " be served first is a much
discussed ! question. Strictly speaking,
the hostess justly claims ! that j honor,
unless her lady guest Is older. In which
case it is correct to serve the guest first,
then the; hostess and the other ladles
of the family and lastly the gentlemen.
-It .would-be exceedingly ' bblsh to
serve ' a gentleman before the ladles
simply because he enjoyed the dis
tinction > of . being a ; social or • literary
light, and a well-bred man would be
embarrassed by such treatment. Al
ways maintain your own and your hus
band's dignity by a calm gracious de
meanor toward your guests. To apolo
,gize for the lack of luxuries to which
you know your guest is accustomed
would be the height of folly; further
more, 1 it would seriously reflect upon
the ability of your , husband as a pro
vider. When you have graciously of
fered the best your house and income,.
DRY :, CLEANING OF THE HAIR
(Mary)!!-— A .;. delicate person highly
susceptible - to .' colds should never
shampoo the hair and then go out
into. the air as soon as" the hair seems
dry. ) Such a plan is all very well at
th« seashore in the summer and ill ef
fects, are not likely, to result, but win
ter winds are. quite and likely
to bring, colds and neuralgia. When
the ;weather. is very cold it is wise to
forego shampooing arid resort to the
process "of dry cleaning until a more
favorable, season. To dry clean the
hair effectively several clean brushes
are 'essential and an old silk handker
chief, and some, bay rum. Part the
hair through the middle and again
across, behind the ears. Brush gently
in . long; even strokes, but firm enough
to reach the scalp and remove all dust
and' dandruff; then separate the hair
in small strands, shaking each well to
dislodge any. remaining particles of
dust.' Brush again, using another
clean brush, and finish by wiping each
strand with a clean, soft handkerchief
and. you will be delighted to see how
bright the hair is. Apply bay rum to
the scalp with a small sponge and rub
.it in. well with the finger tlps v This
is a valuable tonic as well as an aid
in keeping the hair soft and dry. A
better preparation even than bay rum
is the prepared i rum and quinine,
which any druggist can put up.
HAND' TRIMMING. GARMENTS
(Eloise).'— Scarcely a new garment is
seen without a touch of -hand work on
it.'. The fad. for embroidery amounts to
such a craze that purses, " slippers,
cloaks and/even' hats have wonderful
bits of needlework as their principal
embelllshment.-while dresses, and espe
cially the separate waists, are a mass
of exquisite stitches. The labor of
making new garments has increased
. accordingly and the fashionable dress
maker has .! seized upon the fad and
rushed prices up very high on the plea
of extra time. However, the clever wo
man, nothing daunted, and determined
to dress, well on a moderate purse, and
.still have some of the* smartest* things
of the season, has her gowns and
waists cut and fitted by a good dress
maker, and, by doing, the needlework
herself, is able to have a stunning
Trock at. small outlay Cor the embel
lishments. Yokes; -panels,' cuffs, etc._,
are, of course, shaped over a reliable
pattern of. correct size. ' Indeed, the wo
man who can do really, fine needlework
can utilize all bits of choice silk and
scraps of lace in constructing unique
trimmings, giving her wardrobe an in
dividuality by her own industry that
would require considerable money to
buy. S Another point. "When she is in
the shops she keeps a sharp eye out for
garments of good quality and perfect
style, such as underwear, shirt waists,
dressing sacques, etc., which can be se
cured for' a reasonable sum; then, by
home skill she converts these garments
into elaborate things of beauty at: a
trifling cost. • * Smocking, fagoting and
lace stitches still obtain, with plenty of
dainty patterns in stem and satin
stitches. The finest of renaissance
braids joined with silk stitches are
among the choicest materials for yokes,
etc.. '4>^":t;
craft are, many, taste and Judgment
must.- be "brought -to bear in the selec
tion; and -placing of the work or the
cozy ; corner ; will ' degenerate Into &
crazy. corner. . ; . \
THE- SAN .FRANCISCO . /, SUNDAY. ; CAIX.
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
11EVENING INFORMAL
For Stag Affairs and the
/ Tneater.
COLLAR— The tyfold or tab'collar.. ,
CRAVAT — Black silk rraduated tie.
SHiRT— Plain or plaited white or fuil ribbed pique
bosom,' with cuffs attached.'
COAT— Dinner jacket of black worsted. ¦ •
WAISTCOAT— Single-breasted; same material as jacket,
OVERCOAT— Chesterfield or covert.
TROUSERS— Same material as the jacket. .
HAT— Derby or black Alpine.
GLOVES— -Tan cape or gray suede.
SHOES— Patent leather low cut or buttoned high cut
calf or patent leather.
JEWELRY — Gold studs and links in shirt.
COLLAR — A tab or fold collar.
' CRAVAT — A vide four-in-hand, graduated tie. or square.
SHIRT — A pleated or plain bosom or neglige shirt, in
fancy or white. " _'^\ .
fc'OAT — A single or double breasted Jacket or business
cutaway.
.WAISTCOAT — Of Fame material as the colt or of a
washable fabric.
TROUSERS — or same material or a different material
than the coat.
HAT — Bl2ck Derby or soft felL
SHOES— Black calf, laced cr buttoned.
GLOVES — Tan. hand sewn, saddler stitched cape.
OVERCOAT — Covert or day oversack;
JEWELRY — Gold shirt studs, links und cravat pin and
watch guard.
DAY INFORMAL
' For Business and Morning
. Wear.
EVENING FORMAL
For Any Function After
Sunset.
COLLAR— A poke or standing collar. •
CRAVAT — Graduated white lawn or dimity.
SHmT— Plain or fine ribbed pique bosom and cuffs at
tached. -
COAT— The evening coat of black worsted, with peaksd
lapels, silk faced.
WAISTCOAT— White linen or ilarseilles. single or dou
ble breasted. ......
TROUSERS^-Same material as coat, with braid on outer
seams.
OVERCOAT — Chesterfield or full oversack
HAT— High silk with felt band, or opera.
GLOVES— White with self back?
SHOES— Patent leather with kid buttoned tops, or
pumps. < .. , ¦ »
JEWELRY— Pearl studs and * links, or solitaire pearl
studs.
¦ DAY FORMAL
For Weddii*B3, Matinee &,**.&
COLLAR — A tab or poke.
CRAVAT— A square' or wide four-in-hand of light or
dark tone.
SHIRT— White., with cuffs attached. V"
COAT — Frock. of fine vicuna or 'lambs' wool.
Y.V.ISTCOAT— Same material as coat, or white, cut
double-breasted.
TROUSERS— Striped worsted of dark tone.
SHOEf— Buttoned patent leather.
GLOVLo — Gray suede or tan glace, "j
HAT— Silk, with felt band. . \
OVERCOAT— Skirted or Chesterfield.
JEWELRY — Gold shirt studs and links; cravat pin.
mor» boots one possesses the longer
thev will Irfst H.nd th«» better they wilt
look. It Is not mere fastidiousness to
put on a different pair each day. for
the r/ear and tear does not come in
th? same place twice and the feet are
given a rest and never have an op
portunity to rub. which in itself should
be a bis consideration. Ix»w tan shoes
are comfortable when one has a great
deal of walkfng to do and they are
particularly serviceable, though for
that matter the button calf boot can
not be complained of on that score.
Hats and gloves »re always some
what of a consideration, though now
that the reign of the panama Is over
they do not mean quite as many dol
lars. Notwithstanding the cheap pan
•imas which made it possible for every
Tom Dick and Harry to wear them.
they* possessed a style of their own
that was exceedingly good to look
upon, though Tom Dillon, the hatte*.
positively asserts that the new sum
mer Bailors are every whit as smart,
and that they are to be tremendously
popular.
The average man never thinks he
possesses enough cravats, even though
he has the dally choice of forty-eleven.
When he tumbles them over and gazes
at the motley colors, the different sizes
and descriptions he comes to the con
clusion that there isn't one fit to be
worn, and he straightway adds two or .
three new ones to the collection, until
•the house would be filled to running
over if some thoughtful soul — gener
ally a younger brother or slsteir — did
not feel It their bounden duty to make
a Uttle more room, so that the first new
ones might not be unduly crowded. !
Just at present it is quite the proper '
caper for all underwear, hosiery and
handkerchiefs to be initialed, and a
pretty, useful fad it Is, tob, especially
when there are 'two or three men in
the same household. The shifts, which
are more frequently lisle mesh than
anything else, have the three initials
on the collar band, and the hose are
plainly embroidered with a single let
ter. If none of the names conflict it is
easy to wear the first and last initial
and display a. little individuality. For
instance*, James Brown invests in two
pair of hose— one initialed J. and the
other B. As both are the same color
and match exactly, with the exception
of the letter. It Is the simplest thing
in the world-to switch them and to wear
' both J. and B. at tha same time.
The outfit that is lacking most fre
quently is the one for formal day oc
casions. Probably more men stay away
from noon weddings for this reason
than any other, though they invariably
from his wardrobe and be properly
clothed.
Occasionally one sees a well-dressed
chap with a handkerchief that boasts
of a tiny colored border of" pink or
blue. To be sure, they may. be had in
almost any color, and with a border
of varying width, but the delicate, sim-
go weekly to a manicurist, but as yet
they are not expected to Indulge ¦ in
perfumes and scents, excepting in soaps
and shaving powder, which does not
last more than three minutes. For
stag affairs and the theater the tuxedo
is not. only correct, but is far more
comfortable. With it should be worn
regulations, but all are bound by a uni
versal "code of honor."
The customs and ceremonials incident
to these student due!* are queer and
peculiarly fascinating; the costumes
and fighting attire unique and interest
ing. The duels are of two kinds— the
one an "honor duel," where one student
has insulted another and honor has to
be satisfied by a little blood letting, but
these are often not unfrequently the
result of purpose rather than of actual
Insult. Just for the sake cf a little fight -
Ing. The German student, like Pat. is
often ••spoiling for a fight." The other
kind of duel is generally a more serious
matter and is known as "by agree
ment." It Is by a challeng^rom one
corps to another and partaTfes of the
tournament order. A list of dates 13
drawn up and a certain day of each
week a member of one corps meets a
member of the other for "die mensur."
— Illustrated Sporting News.
"About this time of year." said Uncle
Allen Sparks, erasing a figure 3 again
and putting a figure A In Its place. "I'd
be making a lot of good resolutions for
the future If it didn't keep me so busy
trying to wipe out the past."— Chicago
Tribune.
Kow cou:a it be otherwise when men
must have four separate and distinct
suits of apparel to be properly clothed
. for a!! occasions.
A business suit and its accessories
• rnsy be almost anything one pertieu
• larly fancies. Colors are not a great
• consideration, as thry change with ths
"* seasons, but blue, bruwu and gray are
always v, orn a::d are always neat and
f durable, which is me of the best rec
ommendations they could possibly ,
\ have. Mixed materials, ruch as gray
with an Invisible stripe of red* blu
with a fleck of purple cr any of the
[ "thousand arfl one combination tars are
" smart locking, but if economy must be
ttudied they are not always the most
• satisfactory purchase, as one tires of
them more quick!y than a stable blue,
.which may bi dressed up with a va
- riety of tie?, a fancy waistcoat or even
.. a co!ored shirt.
' For morning th? coat should be a
" eirigJ* or double breasted. Jacket, and.
of- course, a business cutaway is cor
rect, though it never looks quit* as
- nifty and rs thoroughly business-like.
Men have learned quite as many trick*
in the line of dressing s-.s women, and
-'the Chap who docs not possess a well
•flilert j.-ocketbook hu« a way of fooling
his friends ar.d making them think he
is bettrr equipped than he really is.
He buys n. complete suit of nond?-
BCXJpt color and at the same time pur
chases a pair of trousers of a different
. material. And there he is with two
changes, for there isn't a man who
• pretends to be any Fort of a dresser
'•who cannot re^ch into the depths of
hi* clcset and bring two or three
•washable waistcoats to light.
. Shirts ere such a feature these }days
' • that the only troubl"* is the selection
(of them, for this «ertainly Js one place
" where men lord it over the ladies fair.
There is an endless variety ..of ma
(terials. desipns and colors, and, as a
rufe. they are made to withstand any
amount of vigorous rubbing. To be
Eure. a plain white shirt Is proper, but
th^' pretty. ]>!eated negligee, a. fold
collar jmici a j^raduated tie give a man
• * an enviable F\vag^ernes«.
Shoes always make or mar an out
* fit and it behooves every one to see
r- that thry are net run down at the heel
*»,nd to keep them well polished.
.Economy in this line Is false.' for the
In every German university town
there i3 still dueling, and there will be
as long as German universities exist.
Each has its quota of fighting clubs,
which correspond to our own secret so
cieties. Every student is anxious to be
invited to join one of these clubs, and
having been initiated jt Is not long be
fore he Is assigned to a .duel. The
members of these various organizations
are distinguished by their colored bands
and caps, as our fraternity men are by
their Greek lettered badges. The most
aristocratic of the fighting corps are
the Borussla, at Bonn, to which all the
Hohenzollern Princes belong, nad the
Saxo-Borussia, at Heidelberg o' vrhit:h
most of the German Princes outside of
the Hohenzollerns are members. Other
prominent fighting corps are the Rhe
nanla of the University of Wurtzburg.
Normania of Berlin. Franconia of Mu
nich and the famous corps of Hanno
vera, in which Bismarck was a famous
fighter, of Gotttngen. Every corps has
its own officers. Its own law*, rule3.
German Dmels
plead stress- of businsss. The coat
should be a frock of vicuna or lambs
wool, the waistcoat of the same ma
terial or of white, but - cut double
breasted, and the trousers of striped
worsted of any dark tone. With this
Eo button patent leather shoe3. a
while shirt with cuffs attached, a wide
four-in-hand tie of an" modest color.
p»sy suede gloves, a silk hat with a felt
'band and a skirted waistcoat.
Of course* tfils costume is the correct
dress for church and matinee use. but
us the great majority of men dixp into
the theater after business on Saturday
'afternoon ihey keldoirt if ever rind an
opportunity to wear it for that pur
pose. And really, if ihe truth were but
known. It is the costume that one may
manage lo get 'along nicely without.
To be BUie. it is absolutely essential for
weddings and day functions, atid if a
man. makes any pretensions in a social
way lie cannot manage lo exclude it
Jewelry is an item that should be
chosen with great care, for it expresses
one's individuality mote than anything
else. A ring, and, by the way. wed
dir.g rings for men ere growing in pop
ularity every day. gold stud's and links
and a fancy cravat pin and, of course,
a watch and Cttaln look exceedingly
nifty, but when one oversteps this limit
the result is invariably a desire for
vulgar display, and it is one of the
worst blunders a man can make. Cer
tain concessions have been made, but
not all. It is permissible fcr them to
pie me is by far the better taste, and
when It comes right down to it those
who make a business of being immacu
late prefer and use only the plain white
ones that have a simple Initial in one
corner. Anything that is the least
flashy is to be. avoided, for it always
savors of the 'rack and is frequently
uncomfortably noticeable.
. I™ DRILLS and- furbelows and roas
j / culir.e fripperies are all lmpor-
Jv tant these cpring days, though.
J[ to be sure, there Un't one man
I in a dozen who would be honest enough
to admit it. For some untold reason
they try to give the world the Im
pression thct clothes grow on con
venient bushes and that, when neces
sary, are plucked In a haphazard sort
of fashion and with as little trouble
and annoyance as possible.
Accept that with a stain of salt —
¦two. tf r.etd be— ror the vcU-growned.
*ve!l-Qrr5sed man has quite as many
trial's and tribulations over the fit of
his i oiler, the hang of his troutirs
and the cut of his vest as the most
fastidious woman over her doren and
cue dainty frocks.
Xhe go'>ii old days whsn men smiled
indulgently at their wives and sisters
as they fuss=cd and fumed over the
ronapi-carance of a promised gown or
Lhc hfeng of a skirt has long since
passed. The lords of creation have
" reached the place where the tragedy i* .
r.ot seen in a humorous light, for more
than likely they are in the same box
-and bu?y heaptns maledictions upon
the lieed cf the serene tailor.
There are hosts of pretty and com
fortable accessories that make up the
detail of a man's dress. For Instance,
the soft, quilted satin muffler that fits
about the reck and protects the collar
and front of a dress shirt is not only
nice, but exceedingly serviceable as
well. In fact, while >ien are dressing
more elegantly every day— for they
think nothing: of having. every suit and
topcoat silk Jlnod— it must be admit
ted they are not deviating very far
from the strict tailor lines and cuts,
and It probably will be many a Ion?
day before the fluffy laces that delight
ed the heart of George Washington and
h;s colleagues will be In vogue.
mmm
gPH 1 1 nn
'Singly valuable, for It is the easiest
ki« thin- to bond over and lose
[T W h'^slort-JaCcet DM!™ sa J;S
V«w the derby or black alpine is
correct but fhe majority favor the soft
hat as it may be crushed and slipped
fnto ?he pocket and be none the worse
? OnV a would suppose that evening
dress wwW be practically the same,
yet there are some radical differences.
The *h!rt is aulte the M»*j but a
standing collar, white lawn o: dim! >
tie and pearl studs are »"*" labl >
worn on all formal occasions The dif
ference between a- black and a white
tie may sfiem a very email thins in
Itself, but It prows and waxes amaa
ing strong when one discovers that
there is but one blacic tie in u ball
room. Somehow or other It has the
faculty of making one feel extremely
uncomfortable and small.
The coat Is the regulation evening
one of black worsted, with peaked
lapels, silk faced, and the trousers are
of the same material, with or with
out braid on the outer scams, just as
one pleases. A black waistcoat may
be worn, but It is not as popular as
the white linen or Marseilles double
breasted one, nor doe3 It look nearly
as smart. It goes without saying that
the boots arc patent leather. But here
one requires the opera hat. A silk
one Is considered proper, but rather
behind the times; and for the sake of
convenience, if fcr nothing else, the
opera hat Is far better. The glove*
are always white, and must always
be the pink of whiteness, else the en
tire' effect is lest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY. CALL.
CORRECT DRESS FOR
GENTLEMAN
12WITH absolutely no special
preparation whatever, but In
the regular course of his
every-day business, A. II.
Piepenburg of Santa Barbara has just
.broken the record with his own White
.Fteain touring car for continuous long
distance autoniobilinfr.
He has made the trip from San
• Diegq to Han Francisco by way of Los
•Angeles hi five and a half days.
. That is exactly six hundred miles
by. rail. By wagon road, as an auto
mobile has to travel, it is between
fifty and one hundred miles more.
The best previous record' for the
vumf distance in California and over
almost eractly the same route was
? ipht days.
•Thus Mr. Pieyenburg reduced the
record by almost one-third.
That is it veritable triumph, indeed,
in up-to-date automobiling, more
especially when the conditions of
travel at this time of the year over a
muddy, storm swept country are
taken into account, with the further
fact that Air. Piepenburg traveled the
whole distance with a machine laden
to almost it3 full capacity.
His feat is a left of speed and en
durance Ihcj has not been equaled
anywhere i;i America, not even at the
great International endurance contest
held between Xew York and Pittsburg.
by way of Cleveland and return, last
year, when :he record of 800 miles in
eight days uas established.
And not the least interesting feature
of this surprising run was the fact
that Mr. Piepenburg had not set out
with any intention of breaking a rec
ord. In fact, he did not know that
he hud broken the record at all and
t : et uu a new standard of speed and
endurance until those who had been
watching his flying trip with extreme
and minute interest told him what he
had accomplished. Then it was that
realized that he could have shaved
considerable off this score had he
UK'd particularly hard to do so.
As it is his feat is the talk of the
Coast in automobile circles, for more
ihan one enthusiast has made an effort
.t<» -reduce the 'ime between here and
San Diego, which Is a very popular
run. ard failed.
Dr. A. Brown, the well knc-w.i den
tist of Portland, who also owns a
White steam car. carried a party of five
over the route lest month in what was
a notable trip. Ham G. Buckbee, of the
firm of thainwaid & Duckbee, is anoth :
er who has found this run fascinating,
while John Spring c-f Frultvale, who is
a prominent member of the Automobile
dub of California, is planning to re
duce the record still further, if pos
sible, with a White steam touring car
of the same pattern as that which Mr.
Piepenburg drove with such splendid
results. ,
To make this record ail the more re
markable it It doubly interesting to
state that the young automobilist had
just completed o-;e round trip between
San Francisco and Los Angeles by way
of Santa Barbara, when the roads were
in the worst possible condition frcm
the storms during t: o latter part of
March and the first days of April, and
bad enough to have put any machine
up for extensive repairs, but Mr. Piep
enburg simply had his automobile
washed to make it presentable, its
water and fuel tanks replenished, and
was c-ff again, after only a few hours'
delay, this time with Jhree youths from
the Thatcher School at Nordhoff as
passengers.
Leaving Santa Barbara at 9:20 in the
morning they covered the distance of
over or.* hundred and twelve miles to
In a neavily laden Wlhite Steam To^arin'sK
Car, A, H. Piepenburg of Santsf'Bar
bara makes the run from $an . Bieg'o
to San Francisco im five ar&di a - JKalf
days, tHus clipping' two and & lialf
days from the best record and setting
new standard in speed and endurance
the axle'itself. And just imagine try
ing to make \ r-sd over such a rosjd as;
that, even when lha automobile weighs,
only 1600 pounds. This pLrt of the jour
ney will furnish an interesting prob
lem for the members of the Camlno
Heal in its popular agitatlc-ji for good
roads. -But the young man accomplish-..
cd it in splendid time, ii* a manner at
ones unique' and exciting as will b2
seen fjom ;the account of the return
journey with which this article Is more
particularly concerned. ,
After spending some time at Corona
do-on pleasure bent the return trip was
begun at A o'clock on' Saturday after
noon ard Kscondldo was reached by
nightfall. But almost immediately af-
arriving here at 8 o'clock in the even
ing, with a machine that was buried
deep under such a heavy coating vZ
mud that it was hard to tell vrhat its
original color or structure was.
And thus was the record-breaking
run from San Diego to San Francisco
made in five and a half days. As was
said before the official distance record
ed in the railroad guides 13 601 miles.
Mr. Plepenburg's odometer showed that
he had actually traveled 750 miles sine*
leaving San Dfego. but apparently.. ha
In the only one who does not see any
thing remarkable in his performance,
for less than two days after hi3 arrival
here he and his newly polished White
steamer were taking Jheir blitheful
way back to Santa Barbara for tha
third round-trip within a month.
That is indeed subjecting an automo
bile to terrifically hard usage, covering
hundreds upon hundreds of miles wlth
c-ut repairs of any sort and doing It
all at a cost of only a cent or two a
mile for fuel. Indeed, when one may
travel at such speed and in such lordly
style it is small wonder that automo
billng has grown to such -tartling pop
ularity in California, nor that there is
such a widespread demand fot good
roads.
And in view of the- new standard set
by : -. Piepenburg It Is interesting to
note that It was a car of the same
pattern, owned and operated by H. D.
Ryus of L03 Angeles, that won the
most valuable cup ever offered for au
tomobile races at the bis meet In Los
Angeles last November.
This was the 51000 Huntlngton Chal
lenge cup presented by H. E. Hunting
ton, the street car magnate, to the
Automobile Club of Southern Califor
nia for the best record In the five mile
race at the fall u:aet. Mr. Ryus cov
ered the distance in six minutes and
six seconds and won -the cup, but al
most immediately afterward, on the
same day, he lowered his own time to
five minutes and forty seconds with the
same machine, which travels so noise
lessly and with such an utter absence
of the rattling vibration.s so common
to ordinary motor cars that It seems
to be ui--ojd of machinery of any sort,
while it glides along with the speed
and ' silence of some huge mysterious
monster.
It will be both. edifying and instruc
tive to see what Mr. Piepenburg's next
trip with his White car brings forth
as against the numerous other vehicles
that are going after his record this
summer. On his next trip he will make
a minute report on the condjtlcra ci tlj«
Los Angeles by 6 o'clock In the even
ing, and departed immediately for San
Diego the following morning at half
past eight. The route they were obliged
to take via El Toro, Capistrano and
1 ;condido is the worst imaginable. In
many places it is little better than a
waste of quicksand. In which the ma
chine plunges almost to the depth of
ter leaving Escor.dldo the next morning
at 7 o'clock the trouble began, not with
the touring car, but. with the road,
notwithstanding that they had cut in
toward the mountains by way of Mis
sion del liev, expressly to avoid the
heavy shifting sand, thua lengthening
the round trip between Los Angeles
and San Diego to much over three hun
dred miles, while by rail it is only 252
miles.
"When fhe car made its fird plunge
Into the sand we were brought to such
a sudden stop that for a moment I
thought we would all be thrown out
head foremost." said Mr. Piepenburg,
in telling of the exciting incidents of.
his remarkable trip. "And when we
saw how deep the wheels sank with
every turn it was the general opinion
that we would never make it: that in
deed, we would have to return the way
we had come.
"Ahead of, us stretched over half a
mile of this soft sand and the only
way to' reach the solid road beyond
was to cross it. There was no road by
which We might skirt it or even pass
ably smooth ground over, which we
might cut a vlrgin.path, but we had
traveled too far and too fast to turn
back now and so calling upon each or
the bqvs with me to do likewise I re
moved my leather coat" and laid it out
in front of the wheels to make a fairly
firm path over which they could travel
. . . • - . . . ¦
without sinking over the hubs.
"That was, the longest half mile I
ever knew In all my life. It was noth
ing short of a heart-breaking task, and
so slow that I thought .we should never,
get across that waste of sand, but we
kept at it taking the coats out from be
hind and moving them up in front
again for air the World like th3 rollers
with which city contractors, move a
house, inch by inch, foot by foot. But
when, we did finally feel solid earth
under us once more we made the car
fairly hum until we reached Los An
geles shortlv after ilark."
The next morning promptly at half
past nine the northward, journey by
way of Santa Barbara was resumed,
the distance over the mountain road
which th*y took for the beauty of the
scenery being fully one hundred and
twenty miles. ',-, '
And right here is where the car
proved Its .' reliability not only to climb
hilis, and olimb them continuously,
with a full load on only ten gallons of
fuel and fifteen gallons of water, with
out replenishing either for the full dis
tance of the 100-mile journey, but to do
it all so noiselessly, so quietly, with Jta
unique, odorless generator, which not
only muffles all sound of the exhaust,
but converts the steam back Into water
again and pumps it into the water tank
to be used over and over.
Qn one of the steepest grades they
found the road • blockaded by R. T.
Crane, the multi-millionaire of Chicago,
and his party. Their automobile was
stuqk fast and could not proceed any
farther with the heavy' load imposed
upon it, for Mr. Crane's party consisted
of Mrs. Crane, her maid, Prentiss Crane
and the chauffeur, Mr. Boyd, while the
tonncau itself was heavily laden with
over 200 pounds of baggage.
| In this Hire extremity the millionaire
found 'Mr. P.I^ehburjr's arrival most
providential, for on learning that both
parties were bound for the same des
tination' the young man exchanged
loads without a moment's hesitation,
and giving the, .stalled machine a lift
over. the rough places landed the whole
party in Santa Barbara by 7 o'clock in
the evening,' thus "covering the 120 miles
under very adverse conditions in only
ten and a Half hours.
Mr. Crane was so Pleased that he de
cided to abandon his own machine, or
at best let It follow along with the bag
gage, and continue with all his party in
Mr. Plepenburg's car,' more .especially
as the young men from Nordhoff were
remaining over In Santa Barbara.
Accordingly the start was made at
9:30 o'clock in the morning, and the
route taken was over the San Marco3
Pass by way of Santa Ynez, which, by
the way, is prohibited to automobillsts
by law.
"But I did not know that at the
tin.o," said ATr. Pierenburg in speaking
of this spectacular feature of the
record-breaking journey, "because I
had never been over this road before.
It is a narrow road, with hair-raising
grades, frightfully steep and danger
ously rough. I don't wonder that there
is a law against auloinoblle3 being run
over it. as much for the protection of
Ihe automobllists against themselves
as because of the extreme danger to
any team that might be encountered on
the way. But once started we ellmbed
it in splendid style, and made the de
scent In such good time that we passed
through Santa Ynez early in the after
noon and reached Santa Maria shortly
after 5 o'clock."
On the following day good time north
ward was made, leaving Santa Maria
at 9:30, passing through San Lute
Oblspb at noon and reaching Paso
Robles at 5:30 in the afternoon, but on
tho next day a record-breaking run
was made over mountains of the heav
iest sort.
At 7:30 the party left Paso Robic3
and raced all the way to San Miguel,
where they branched off through In
dian Valley and thence took the steep
ascent over the mountains to Peach
Tiee, a climb that is nothing short of
stupendous, because . the storms have
cut the road Into ribbons, only to be
confronted with a new and Insur
mountable difficulty on reaching Kings
City.
At this point they were stopped by
the Salinas River, which, besides beius
high, was nothing but a bed of quick
sand at the only place where it might
b« forded. There was nothing to bs
done but to retrace their course over
the main road and then by' another
route to. Salinas, which they passed at
9 o'clock in the evening, and because
of the extra thirty-five miles thus add
ed to the great distance thay had to
travel in any event did not reach Del
Monte. , the objective of the Cranes,
until 10:30. The whole distance they
had covered since leaving Paso Robka
was one hundred and fifty miles, a
truly remarkable performance in slushy
weather for one day's run.
At Del Monte Mr. Piepenburg left
his party and journeyed on alone to
this city in a heavy rainstorm, leaving
there at 8 o'clock in the morning and
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALD.
RECORD BREAKING
AUTOMOBILING
IN CALIFORNIA
13with twenty rattling' rings.' It Is the
shaking of those rings by a violent
wagging of the end of the tall which
produces the noted rattle. The deadly
bite of the rattlesnake- is effected by
a very ingenious mechanism. . The rat
tler poisons by biting. The only sting
it possesses is a pair of peculiarly mod
ified teeth. The outer margin of , the
upper jaw Is furnished on' either side
with one large curved and very pointed
tooth. X : ] This is • the poison fang. The
deadly effect of this poison most people
know. If one escapes with his life after
being bitten ¦ It Is to" suffer from pro
longed illness or lc-ss of limb. The
rattlesnake strikes its . prey to kill It.
Having : struck, it waits quietly for It
to die; then begins to devour it. '<¦' It
always devours its - prey entire, ¦> being
able to swallow an animal much thick
er than its own .body. In'" fact, "the
snake really drags Itself over the crea
ture it devours, being enabled to do
so by the elasticity of its skin and
by the - extraordinarily loose condition
of .the- bones of Its ¦ jaws.. Even after
it has passed into, the stomach the form
of the" prey may be visible for . some
time, although digestion takes place
very quickly. .
Often we see serpents represented in
figures as bending "their bodies in a
series of vertical folds. ) This is '¦ a mis
take, as > a i snake's body can be . bent
only from' side to side, .' A. C.
dent, to say the least, as on one side
of the road was a cliff of some 200 feet;
on the other, so far as I could see, not
much exceat a few thousand feet of
atmc-sphere. This autocrat of the road
way was enjoying a sun bath and not
ready to move, so we decided discre
tion the better part of valor and waited
about fifteen minutes, when his lord
ship moved on at a very leisurely pace.
I Jcnow one- of . the, party who appre
ciated very-much that he preferred
an opposite direction to bur own. The
notion* formerly entertained that the
rattler could charm its intended victim
Is a mere superstition, now quite ex
ploded. It is . its sluggishness which
makes it dangerous, as it;may.be un
knowingly^ stepped ,upon. * "However, It
never attacks spontaneously or pur
sues a retreating enemy.
The structure from which the rep
tile takes its name," "the rattle." con
sists mainly 'of I three or more solid
horny rings placed at the end of; the
tall. Snr'-js' and men shed their skin
"skin differently. With man the outer
skin is thrown : off in very minute sep
arate r particles, not often noticeable.
In -snake's all the skin is shed at once,
even the skin of , the -eyeballs being
shed with the rest, -thus making the
snake a little blind during this period.
With each- molt'a new ring, or Tattle,
forms. older, of these wear away
in time, although I have seen a snake
IJNIQUE- DIVERSITY OF RATTLERS
by a spear, the murderer must be
speared, though this law of talion does
not prohibit any form of preliminary
torture, 'such as gouging out the vic
tim's eyes and exposing the sockets to
the rays of a tropical sun. ¦ There are
no laws like those of the Koran, pro
hibiting' unnecessary cruelty, and ,the
Abyssinians, despite their nominal ac
ceptance of -the precepts of Christian
ity, are an extremely cruel people.
Paradoxical as the statement may ap
pear, they are also of a very forgiv
ing nature, and often go to great pains
to prevail upon an aggrieved person
to forgive an injury committed by- a
third party, even when they themselves
have no- selfish interest in the matter.
When once aroused,; however, their
cruelty knows no bounds. v In order to
avoid needless torture, whenever he
can, the Emperor demands to judge
and execute an assassin himself. In
such cases the criminal is summarily
hanged to a tree in the market place of
Addis- Ababa (the present capital). In
cases of accidental homicide, or in the
case ~c-f homicide committed under
strong passions, of jealousy or pro
voked rage, the Emperor does - all In
his power - to induce the relatives of
the victim to: accept a pecuniary in
demnity. Sometimes the .-. generous
•Among other survivals of Roman
and Hebraic institutions In Abyssinia
are the penalties of crucifixion and lap
ldation, both for. sacrilege. The crimi
nal who Is convicted of this offense la
either crucified or stoned to death
with solemn ceremonies. If his penalty
is to be ' lapidation, he' Is stripped of
his clothing before the assembled na
tives, •. the ' priest crying aloud, "Stone
the criminal! and If there be one
among you who does not throw at him
three stones let him be accursed and
declared an enemy of the Virgin Mary,
mother, of Christ!" v
Another; institution of Hebraic origin
is the "city of refuge," of which there
are two -in Abyssinia, Oxoum and
Adona. As In nearly all barbaric
The attempt to carry out to the let
ter the ancient law of talion In capital
cases sometimes gives rise to amusing
consequences. The following instance,
kindly communicated to the author by
Hon. George R. Clerk, Charge d*Af
faires of the British consulate at Addis-
Ababa, rivals the "pound of flesh"
story Immortalized by Shakespeare :
A man who was gathering plums fell
from the tree on top of his friend below
and killed him, but escaped himself un
injured.. The family of the man who
was killed demanded from the Emperor
Menellk the life of the other. His Maj
esty pointed out that it was an acci
dent, but the plaintiffs persisted.
"Very, well," said the Emperor. "By
the law of Abyssinia you have the
right to demand this man's life, but the
law also says that'he must suffer the
same death, as his victim. Therefore
he shall stand under the tree and one
of you shall, fall from the tree on top
of him." As none of the plaintiffs
showed any readiness to carry out th-i
sentence in their own person the man
escaped. f * -'
monarch even goes so far as to ad
vance the blood money , himself, in or
der to save a subject's life. Formerly
it was no uncommon sight to see a
relative of the victim fastened to tha
condemned man (for greater security)
going from place to place begging for
contributions toward "the price of
blood." V
The Influence of European civilization
also is becoming manifest, and the
presence In Addis-Ababa of the diplo
matic representatives of four great Eu
ropean nations cannot but result in the
final overthrow of the last vestige of
savagery In the empire of the present
¦wise and humane Negus, Menellk II
"King of Kings."
Cruel and savage as are the penalties
prescribed by the Abyssinian code, they
are rigorously carried out, and what
they lack in reformative Influence they
make up for in the certainty with
which they are inflicted. In a country
where detection and punishment are
both almost certain to follow crime
crime tends to disappear. . Less than a
half-century ago murder and rapine
were the order of the day In Abyssinia,
Now, thanks to the vigorous adminis
tration of Menellk II and his chiefs,
human life and property are safer In
the greater part of Abyssinia than in
New York or California.
countries, th* church also offtra th«
fleeing criminal sanctuary. In order
to claim the right of sh«lt«r In aa
Abyssinian church, the fugitive must,
when arriving under ths gata, ring
the hell and declare tare* times In a
loud voice his deslrs for sanctuary.
Henceforth his person Is held Inviola
ble. If the refugees ar» numerous
they put up tents, or construct huts,
in the cemetery which surrounds the
church.
A few years ago the father still had
the power of life and death cvtr his
children and might kill them sum
marily not only for grave crimes, but
even for trivial offenses. Two noted
travelers in Abyssinia came upon a
father who was upbraiding his daugh
ter for some slight offense; the firl,
becoming vexed, answered in lifca an
gry, tones, whereupon the father killed
her Instantly with a stone. The by
standers seemed to think the father
was in. the right in doing what he
pleased with his own, and offered him
their sympathy In his misfortune! Now
the Emperor alone has absolute and
arbitrary power, of life and death over
his subjects, though certain Rases havo
the right to Inflict the death penalty in
capital cases. «
Justinian. So far as criminal law is
concerned there was little in Roman
jurisprudence which was worth Imitat
ing, and though the Abyssinians trace
their criminal as well as their civil law
to Justinian, as a matter of fact the
Mosaic code still exercises the more
potent Influence.
The Influence of the Old Testament
Is also felt in the manner of procedure
In criminal cases.. As among the an
cient Hebrews, criminal trials in Abys
sinia are exceedingly simple. Witnesses
are summoned and cross-questioned be
fore the assembled natives, after which
the Judge pronounces sentence, inspir
ing himself from the "Fatha Negust,"
the code supposed to be derived from
Justinian. The sentence is carried out
Immediately, the penalties consisting of
mutilation, whipping or death. There
are no prisons. Progressive as is the
reigning monarch, he still scorns r the
idea of building prisons and employing
honest men to wait upon criminals. Be
eides, the sight of culprits here and
there minus hand or foot is supposed
to exercise a great deterrent influence
on those evilly disposed. The penalty
for a thief's first offense is whipping; a
second offense is punished by amputa
tion of the guilty hand, while for a
third offense the thief atones by the
loss of the foot which ran to carry him
away from condign punishment.
The death penalty is inflicted on
homicides, traitors and persons guilty
of sacrilege, though executions for the
latter offense are now of very rare oc
currence. In accordance with Hebraic
traditions, even accidental homicide is
capitally punishable. But, contrary to
Scriptural injunction, a ransom is often
accepted by the family of the victim
in lieu of blood revenge. The "price of
blood" is a sum equal to about $250.
In cases of homicide after sentence
is pronounced the relatives of the per
son slain claim the perpetrator, who In
default of a ransom is executed sum
marily, often with the utmost cruelty.
According to the Abyssinian code, the
culprit must be dispatched by the same
blow as was struck his . victim— e. g.,
if the victim was killed by a club, the
murderer must be clubbed to death by
the victim's relatives; If he was killed
• Of CCORDINO to native traditions
f f the people of Abyssinia, like the
t I Semites of the Holy Land, trace
X their descent from Abraham,
traditional founder of Oxouki, their
¦ "first capital. The first historical allu
sion to Abyssinia occurs in the ancient
. Hebrew book of Kings (lx:l-13). the
"Queen of Sheba" being generally re
garded as a ruler of Shoa, formerly an
Independent kingdom in the southern
'.part* of Abyssinia, The Abyssinians
themselves have no doubt that it was
their queen who traveled so far to test
Solomon's wisdom with "hard ques
tions." They also believe that a son
was born of this visit, and that the
great • Solomon was the father of the
first Menellk, from whom the dynasty
now reigning over Abyssinia is de
scended. To this visit to the court of
Solomon Is likewise attributed the In
troduction into Abyssinia of the He
braic legislation. Queen Sheba bringing
back with her from Jerusalem laws
and judges for the better dispensation
, «f Justice in her own country. Until
within quite recent times there were
etill to be seen in Abyssinia twelve
Ijersons who pretended to be the suc
cessors of the original judges of Jeru
' ealem.
The Hebraic law, however, has not
'been the sole law of Abyssinia during
* all these years. The advent of Greek
• Christianity in«the fourth century (333
A. D.) and the dominance of Byzantine
influence which ensued led to Impor
tant modifications in the practical ad
. ministration of justice by the native
courts. The attempt was made to
draft a code which, while embodying
many of the better features of the Ro
man legislation, would still preserve
the principles of the more ancient He
braic code. One sees to this day a
strange mingling of Hebraic and Ro
man law, *>e archaic principles of the
former and Ae letter of the Byzantine
jurisprudence strangely fused end
"confused. The primitive principle of
lex talionis and the barbarian system
of compositions were never entirely
sbollshed. notwithstanding the pres
ence in Abyssinia of a whole class of
legists who prided themselves on their
knowledge of the corpus juris civilis of
JUSTICE AND CRIME UNDER MENELIK IN ABYSSINIA
By MAYNARD SHIPLEY
definite treaty of .friendly alliance.'be
t\veen them, had been ."ratified!*', b'y/the^
terms of .which Japan'iand' Chinaf had
•mutually bound themselves; to support
each other in cage, of foreign -attack •
Or invasion. The. auspicious' relations^
thus Inaugurated between tl\e'v two # -
countries -were .-'¦ thus., suddenly.'_put 'to*
a severe strain, . .The delicacy of (th'e; =
situation -was. further complicated' by
the fact that during 'all her .past/ his
tory Japan' had been regarded'* by
China 'as a "tributary* state," owing
fealty to .the mother empire. . '
The recognition : of ..Japan as an
independent nation, which the treaty
of alliance "betwen the -two countries
necessarily < implied, had -been 'strenu"-"
ously opposed by Li Hung Chang from
the first. Like many . other , Chinese'
officials, the Viceroy- regarded - the
pretensions 'of the Japanese as' a piece
of arrogant .pr^sumpttpn; if..notr. of
downright 'impudence." In his opinion
the Government of China had made a
serious mistake "by entering into any
compact with" a dependent and
suzerain and .that by so doing
China nad not only' relinquished her
claim' to Japanese fealty, but had
thereby encouraged them in their
pampered self-inportance.
The angry astonishment and indig
nation of the Viceroy may_ therefore
be readily imagined at the sudden ap
pearance before his yamen door of a
Japanese .envoy, demanding: a heavy
indemnity from China for the Formb-
«an outrage and. for the costs of the
recent military. expedition. there. -
. The Viceroy's suspicions were great
ly ,.. 'intensified t by the fact that the
envoy from Japan appeared before him
superbly dressed . ; In European court
costume, attended by a large official
retinue similarly decked out and sup
ported by a, menacing fleet of modern
war vessels. ..
The ; spectacle was not only impos
ing, but the event in itself was "alto
gether unique in Oriental history. It
was 'only too apparent that the two
great powers of Eastern Asia. had met
at the, parting of the way. As has al
ieady been-, stated, Li was profound
ly distrustful of the Japanese. With
this amazing exhibition of their perfidy
—as he chose to regard it— he decided
promptly to make no compromise with
them, but to accept at once, if need be,
the wager of battle. He had only re
cently armed his model army with the
latest Improved breech-loading rifles
and provided himself with a large fleet
of European-built war vessels, and, as
"guardian of the empire," he decided
fall Port Arthur it will forever remain
a monument alike 'to -the wisdom and
the folly of the man who founded it.
The Idea of fortifying Port Arthur had
its inception in a diplomatic episode
commonly known' at the lime as the
"Formosan difficulty." The incident has
long since passed out of memory, but
at the time of its occurrence was gen
erally regarded as an important land
mark in Oriental history, as, indeed, it
has since proven to be.
Late in 1872 a Japanese trading vessel
was cast ashore on the island of For
mosa and the entire crew murdered and
some- of them eaten . by the savage
aborigines of the island. Very properly,
the Government of the Mikado demand
ed instant and condign punishment of
the responsible native chiefs of the isl
and. The Peking officials, .however,
with that proverbial insincerity so fatal
to Chinese diplomacy, refused^cOmpIf
ance with the demand on the ground
that China was not responsible for the
acts of savages, whom she could neith
er restrain nor control. With astonish
ing promptness the Japanese Govern
ment dispatched an armed expedition
to Formosa, and in a few months prac
tically reduced the whole island to sub
jection.
The incident was exceedingly un
fortunate, happening as it did at the
very outset of friendly treaty rela
tions betwen the two Asiatic empires.
Only a few months previously a
to take matters entirely Into his own
hands.
It has always been the policy of the
United States Government in the
Orient to encourage, as far as pos
sible, the closest political relations be
tw^een China and Japan. In further
ance of this policy and in order to af
ford a neutral but entirely/ friendly
meeting ground for the discus
sion of their differences, the
American Consulate at Tientsin
was placed at the disposal of
the Japanese envoy as his temporary
official ubode pending the . negotiations.
It was due to this circumstance that
the writer was able to witness the re
markable interview which followed and
•which now figures so prominently in all
the biographies of Li Hung Chang.
Scarcely had the distinguished
guest from the Land* of the Rising Sun
been conducted to the conventional
"seat of honor" when the Viceroy, in
a | rude and boisterous voice, began
upbraiding the Japanese with bad
faith and with base ingratitude to
ward China. After listening: quietly to
this blustering tirade against his coun
try, the Japanese envoy, with true
Oriental courtesy and politeness, In
quired blandly after the Viceroy's
heali.il, about which he really appear
ed quite solicitous. The Viceroy, how
ever, was not to be turned aside so
easily from his purpose and kept on
with his angry lecture about the "law
less encroachments of one state upon
"•""V INCE the crowning victory of
"*O\ Trafalgar in 1S05. which gave
\^_J Gibraltar to Great Britain and
£y with it the undisputed command
of the ssa. no event In naval
fcislory has approached In world-wide
interest the desperate struggle now go
ing on in the Orient for the possession
of the maritime stronghold of th«
China Seas.
Whatever differences of opinion may
have existed heretofore regarding th«
•strength of Port Arthur, there is now
no longer the slightest doubt as to the
Immense importance of the harbor as
a naval stronghold, or that it is abso
lutely impregnable to a direct assault
by sea; provided, of course, its defend
ers possess puns of sufficient range and
caliber, a:;d the necessary genius to
avail themselves of the superior ad
vantapes which its natural situation
and surroundings afford. It is safe to
• say, therefore, that the Liaotung Pen
insula and Port Arthur, which forms
Us marine base, are destined to play
• a most conspicuous, if not a decisive
.part, in every great naval war of tha
future in the Far Hast.
» Considering its recognized impor
tance politically, as well as its great
importance from a military standpoint,
it is rather surprising that bo little Is
• known, or has heretofore been written
concerning the sudden rise of Port Ar
thur from an obscure Chinese fishing
. village -to that of a great naval and
. military fortress. If for no other rea
son, the story of Port Arthur will al
ways possess a strange and singular
l^crest because of its intimate asso
ciation with the name of the Chinese
statesman who founded it — the most
remarkable character, probably, that
ever crossed the stage of Oriental his
tory.
¦ * Everybody knows in a general way
Jhat Port Arthur was first selected by
TA Huns Chang as the extreme north
ern outpost in the chain of maritime
defenses of Peking, and that after its
fortification it was designated by him
as ihe principal rendezvous of the Chi
nese navy. It is not so well remem
bered perhaps that the importance of
the harbor was first made known to
the world by Captain Arthur of the
British navy, who surveyed its waters
' ia 1S5S. and who gave it his name. As
a result of Captain Arthur's survey
the port and Talienwan Bay were oc-j
ciipied as a general rendezvous for the
British contingent of the allied fleets
during the campaign of 1860.
It has always been taken for granted
that the fortification of Port Arthur
by' L.i was due to his fear that Eng
land or some other European power
might seize the port and hold it; but
such was not the fact. Strange as it
may seem, it was the Viceroy's fear
'of Japan. anJ not of any European
power, which prompted him to fortify
Port Arthur in the first instance.
.It is a singular fact that until the
d,ay of -his death, or very nearly so, LI
Hung Chang was haunted with the
idea that Japan, rather than Russia
or any other European power, was the
foe with which China would have ulti
mately to grapple. He never ceased
to regard the Japanese v.ith distrust
"and suspicion and to inveigh against
them as political enemies of China and
rneral "renegades" and traitors to the
ancient faiths and the most venerated
traditicms of Asia.
7t seems the very irony of fate that
Li's distrust and fear of Japan should
have led him at last Into the camp of
China's arch-enemv. Russia; but it is
nevertheless true. Like Achilles' wrath
toward ancient Greece, the uncompro
mising distrust and hatred of China's
.-greatest Boldier and statesman toward
Japan became at last the "direful
spring of woes unnumbered" _f or his
own country. Dearly has China paid
already for his mistake; more dearly
still she may yet suffer for It In future.
Beyond all question, LI Hung Chang's
unreasoning fear and distrust of Japan
¦was the crowning mistake of his public
life, and whatever fate may finally be-
another." To *tve emphasis to nw
rude remarks. n-> finally handed the
envoy a piece of yellow paper upon
which was written a famous epigram
on the subject, from the Chinese clas
8lC To those who knew the Viceroy In
timately his rudenesg of speech was
not wholly unexpected under the cir
cumstances, but the completeness with
which he lost his temper and his ut
ter lack of* ttctfulness and courtesy
toward an official guest was a com
plete surprise to every one. Without
the least display of Irritation or even
of surprise at Li's rudeness, the en
voy quietly replied that he had only
availed himself of the present oppor
tunity to present his respects to the
Viceroy and to make his distinguished
acquaintance. He then added that he
had been accredited by the Mikado
to the court of Peking and entrusted
with an important mission affecting
the peace and dignity of both coun
tries; but that until after first present-
Ing his credentials to the Emperor at
Peking it would be exceedingly indel
icate for him to discuss International
questions with any subordinate Chi
nese official.
It was perhaps the first time in his
official career that the Bismarck of
China had ever received a genuine
diplomatic snub, and he felt it ac
cordingly. . For a man of Li's Impe
rious temper- such a stinging rebuke
was no trifling affair. It Is safe to
say that he never forgot it or forgave
the giver of It. The humiliation which
It caused him was all the more morti
fying to his official pride seeing that
it came from a despised Japanese. The
interview was then abruptly ended.
and the envoy soon after took leave of
the Viceroy and proceeded to Peking,
where, soon afterward, he succeeded
in obtaining a satisfactory indemnity
and the most honorable and advanta
geous settlement for his country of
the Formosan difficulty.
Before the ink was fairly dry on the
Peking convention, however, Li was
actively engaged in warlike prepara
tions, fully determined that sooner or
later he would get even with the Jap
anese, whom he now felt doubly cer
tain were China's most deadly and
dangerous foes.
The first intimation to the outer
world of Li's continued hostility toward
Japan was given in a memorial which
appeared soon after in the Peking Ga
zette, setting forth that "as the Jap
anese had lately engaged in a warlike
enterprise against the aborigines of
Formosa, It is necessary to provide in
all directions for coast defenses." This
was followed shortly afterward with
an imperial mandate, directing the
metropolitan Viceroy to strengthen to
the utmost the naval defenses of the
China seas, and Li lost no time in se
lecting Port Arthur as its principal
naval stronghold. For a period of fif
teen years the Viceroy devoted the
best energies of his life toward the
completion of the work. It was his pet
hobby, and when at last the harbor
and its fortifications were completed he
crossed the China Sea, accompanied by
his entire fleet, to" inspect in person the
great garrison which he had come to
look upon as the imperishable monu
ment of his fame. He was received at
Port Arthur in magnificent state by
Admiral Tlr~. As his flagship entered
the harbor wie Viceroy was saluted
with a salvo of 100 guns from the sur
rounding forts. The maneuvers of ths
fleet, the booming of the great Krupp
guns and the brilliant illuminations of
the harbor at night all gratified the
Viceroy immensely. Delighted with the
spectacle, he returned to Peking and
presented the Empress Dowager a me
morial asking for the promotion of tha
pfflcers who had ministered to his
gratification. His gratulatloa was
short lived. In less than three years
his splendid fleet was destroyed or
sunk. Admiral Ting was no more, and
Port Arthur, the idol of his heart, had
fallen Into the hands of the •neiny—
the enemy, alas I which his own mis
trust and mistaken statecraft had
fatally conjured up.
14
THE: SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
The American people are more or less
fortunate .in having at- least one thins
ln'thelr country which has seemed, not
to have excited envy. In other geograph
ical regions— rattlesnakes— to be found
In various varieties from Southern.Can
ada to Patagonia. But dreadful and
deadly as these reptiles \ may be, t there
Is much in regard to them to interest
people who love' the study of !~ nature.
Of rattlesnakes , there . are at least a
dozen, probably fifteen, different spe
cies. The , kind . most common /.east '. of
the Mississippi is the one popularly
known as the banded rattlesnake. At
one time It was very common in. East
ern Massachusetts, although happily
at present very ': rare there, and ; com
mon only, in .thinly inhabited districts
of more southern. and western. States.
It. varies greatly in color, and may be
brownish yellow or. black, with a series
of dark spots edged with yellow and
of variable shape running along the
back and side. The head Is very large
and triangular in shape. This snake
often attains a large size, that is, five
feet in length. This * species is ,'¦ still
quite common in the Yosemlte Valley,
where it is one of the; few.'.wonders of
nature not always appreciated by trav
elers. I ' myself . had one experience ¦ In
entering, the/ valley - with a ' fine' speci
men. -We, were staging, and at a point
where " shying'' on 'the* part of ithe ' six
horses would have been highly lmpru-
TIMELY TOPICS OF THE WORLDBy Win. J. Shearer
Twenty-Eighth
Talk to Parents
ing and eating them, and not try to eat
from a whole slice after he has passed
the age of Infancy. He will not clutch
his bread animal fashion, by as many
fingers as possible.
He will cut his food as it is needed,
not ail' at once. He will reject bits of
bone, or other refuse, by the aid of his
fork.
He will take soup noiselessly from
the aide of the spoon, not the tip. He
will use the teaspoon to stir the con
tents of his cup, and will never drink
noisily, or from' his saucer. He will
never turn the glass or. cup over on his
nose in order to drain the last. drop.
He will never gaze around while drink
ing. ./.
He will never ."r eacn and stretch" af
ter articles on the .table. He will ask
politely to have them passed. He will
ask the servant, if one be in attendance,
and not bother, his 'neighbor. He will
not talk across his neighbor, or pass
things across another's plate. • He will
never appear to be greedy, or eager
about his supply of food. He will never
find fault with it.* ;
He will never put much into his
mouth at once. ,He will eat slowly
and will . refrain from ; drinking .: much
while he is eating. He will not 'talk
good listeners. See that they never fail
to put into their proper places articles
they have been using, or clothing they
have been wearing. The whole machin
ery of the household, may be disar
ranged by carelessness in this respect.
To a systematic, tidy housekeeper
nothing is more vexatious, nothing
more wasteful of time, and often of
money, than this fault. It is just as
easy to train them properly in this as
in other matters.
In no one thing is good or bad breed
ing r more quickly seen than in one's
manners at table. It Is especially no
ticeable, because people are I there
brought Into such close contact with
each other. A few hints for table be
havior are given In the hope that l they
may be suggestive.
The well-bred person will nof sit too
far from tho table, nor too dose to it,
nor sidewlse, nor on the edge of his
chair. He will never tilt his chair. He
will not finger or play with the knives,
spoons or other articles on the table.
He will not put his elbows on the table,
nor stick them out in using his knife
and fork, nor bend his elbow In eating
so as to bring his arm around at a
right angle to his mouth.
Unless quite young he will put his
napkin on his lap, and not use it as a
bib. He will use his knife only in cut
ting his food. He will not. use his own
knife, or fork, or spoon, to help himself
to articles of food. He will not secure
a piece of bread by stabbing it with a
fork. He will break, not cut, his slices
of. bread, or his biscuits. He will break
off little pieces of bread before butter-
home life is so important in
1 the graining of children— Its ln-
I "fluences are eo strong in forming
JL. their habits and manners— that
'.especial attention should be gi\ r en to
• the. cultivation of the social graces
within its precincts. What Is done by
children in their homes will be done
elsewhere by them. The practices per
mitted in the freedom of family life
'are rarely changed in mature years.
Hence there should be the greatest care
that gentle manners and a due regard
•for ; ceremony should prevail. Good
breeding thu3 becomes a part of the
•nature of each; they in their turn be
come Influential for good in their asso
ciation with others. Thus a beautiful
family life, where gentleness and po
liteness are the rule, extends its gra
•ciousness in an ever widening circle.
Children should early learn that the
_ rules governing the behavior of the
" members of the family to each other
.are "based upon mutual duties. The
p parents have certain obligations to
• their children. The children have -to
ward their parents certain duties based
• on gratitude, on love, on filial respect.
•Brothers and sisters have mutual du
ties based on their relationship and
"natural affection for each other, on a
common interest in the family welfare
"and on proper family pride, which
'even "the poorest should feeL
* The familv may also contain other
relatives; servants may be kept; guests
rnay partake of Its hospitality. All of
these must get along smoothly togeth
er, for home loses all claim to that
The sister. In her turn, should be
taught to treat her brother with an af
fectionate courtesy. She should never
fail to acknowledge his kindnesses. She
should do for him anything in her pow
er which he may need done.
Train your children to be courteous
to servants and you will probably not
be .deprived of their services when
most needed. ' .
If you permit them to 'run to the door
when some callers come, you need not
be surprised if they show curiosity at
times when you will be greatly morti
fied. It Is surprising how often parents
permit children to monopolize the con
versation. Let them early learn to be
name if crossness is shown, If. quarrels
are frequent. The wheels of the do
mestic machinery will move more eas
ily if politeness constantly lubricates
It.
Children should never fail to show
their mother and sisters the same cour
tesy they would show to any other
ladles. A boy should early be taught
to lift his hat to them in meeting them
on the street or in parting company
with them. He should rise when they
enter the room and see that they are
comfortably seated. He should always
allow them to precede him. He should
assist them in and put of cars; he
should carry their parcels, and escort
them when they wish it. In short, he
should be chivalrous In. his home life.
No boy who is rude to his nearest rela
tives, or neglectful of them, who is not
solicitous for their comfort and pleas
ure, has a right to be called a gentle
man.
forming habits. The habit* of the
parents 7 are already firmly fixed.
Children in every part of the world
quickly learn to eat whatever they
have to. It makes but little difference
whether that be oil, blubber, fruit, ber
ries, meat or something of all these.
Why, then, should we hesitate to train
them to eat what Is best for them?
' Is it not true, that the most of us
have. never given much thought to the
Importance of training a child's appe
tite? Yet does not the health of each
largely depend upon the eating of what
is best.
It is far better that each child should
learn to eat whatever wholesome food
has been prepared for the rest of -the
family. The exceptions to this rule
would only need to be made at a time
when the delicate health of the child
made such exception advisable.
Parents should guard carefully
against giving a child anything to eat
a short. time before the regular meals.
If they do" so it is only, natural to ex
pect that. the child will not be hungry
when he should eat and will want to
eat when he should not eat.
The time at the table should be spent
not only for supplying food to the body
but] also for the higher enjoyments
which come from intellectual and mor
al improvement. Those who consider
it merely a 'place to 'get something to
eat meet upon the same level' as the
lower animals.
Let us-agree, then, that the table is
not merely a feeding place for the fam
ily. . Neither is it a place to review' all
the unpleasantness which has arisen
or. laugh with food In his mouth. He
knows that obedience to these rules
will save ' disagreeable exhibitions of
choking and will prevent dyspepsia.
He will eat leisurely, that the meal
may be a more healthful one for his
interior organs,, and, that samples of
food may not remain on his exterior,
or on the table linen, as reminders of
his awkwardness./
,He will chew his food with his lips
closed, for he knows that mastication
is the first step in digestion' and that
the sight of the process' should be
concealed.
Those, who are well bred uncon
sciously teach the right way by their
example and the will; learn from
them what to do in case of doubt;
while" the faults of an ill bred, untidy,
hasty eater are' of ten an" effective les
eon.in good breeding, owing to the
disgust they inspire in one desirous of
behaving properly.
Children can - and . should l> e taught
to eat whatever is best for them. Any
child ; may easily be trained to eat, not
only any wholesome food,- ,but any
injurious food as well. In this, as ; in
so . many ' other matters, parents must
bear : the responsibility of training in
right habits. .
A great many parents hesitate about
Insisting .upon their children eating
those things which they know are best
for them. They, naturally think that
it is ' as ; hard , for • the ' children . to 'eat
what is not' desired as'it would be for
the pare n ta. Such: is not the case. ', The
parents prefer those things. which- they
have learned to like. The children are
Except wfcer* the habit has become
fixed to the contrary, ¦ the time for
coming to the table Is a greater period
of freedom from worry than any other
during the day. At this time,- those
things of particular Interest to each
are laid aside and those matters of
general Interest to all are more likely
to be considered. For this reason there
Is likely to be greater relaxation from
other matters and the time is oppor
tune for the discussion of things
which should be of interest to all.
If a* systematic attempt Is made to
impart useful knowledge it is wonder
ful how much can be accomplished dur
ing the time which would otherwise be
spent in unpleasant bickerings or worse
than useless, gossip.
At this time all should feel perfectly
free to ask any kind; of questions, so
long as the answer does not Involve
any unpleasantness for any one. In
this way can the instruction be made
stimulating and beneficial. Only in this
way can the table be made the moral.
Intellectual and physical center of the
home, as it should be.
Table talk should be such as to be
of Interest to as rm-ny as possible. Too
many parents are disposed to do all the
talking for their owu benefit and to
speak to the child onlr when it is nec
essary to compel quiet.
•Ince the last meal. Considered as such
It Is not only a great Injury to the
moral and Intellectual welfare of all,
but It also makes Impossible the secur
ing of the best results from the food
taken. • - H@B
BAD BREEDING AND GOOD MANNERS IN HOME BEHAVIOR
to the roseouo: and the dimple. Com
plexion! Well, there is only one com
plexion worth considering— a creamy
white, relieved by delicate peach-pink.
It goes with everything and is always
effective. Rich olives, striking pal
lors — yes, you hear of these things do
ing well. The professor's experience,
however, is that for all round wonc
you will never Improve upon the plain
white and pink. It is less liable to
get out of order and is easiest at all
times to renew. For the figure, the
professor recommends something lithe
and supple. Five foot four is a good
height, but that is a point that should
be discussed first with the dressmaker.
For trains five foot six Is perhaps pref
erable. But for the sporting girl who
has to wear short frocks five foot six
would, of course, be impossible. The
bust and the waist are also points on
which the dressmaker should be con
sulted. Nothing should be done in a
hurry. "What is the fashion going to
be for the next two or three seasons?
There are styles demanding that, be
ginning at the neck, you should come
straight out, like a pouter pigeon.
: There is apparently : no difficulty
whatever in obtaining this result.' But
if crinolines, for instance, are likely to
come in again — well* the lady has only
to imagine it for herself; the effect
might be grotesque, suggestive of a
walking hour glass. So, too, with the
waist. -For some fashions it Is better
to have it Just a foot below the neck.
At other times it is more useful lower
down. The lady will kindly think
over these details and. let the pro
fessor know. - While"one ' is about it
one may as well make a sound job.
It is so simple, and when you come
to think of it really not so expensive.
Age, apparently, makes no difference.
A woman is as old as she looks. In
future, I take it. there will be no
ladies over five and twenty. Wrinkles!
Why any lady should still persist in
wearing them Is a mystery to me.
With a moderate amount of care any
middle class woman could save
enough out o( the housekeeping
money in a month . to get rid of
every one of them. Gray hair I Well,
of course, if you cling to gray hair
there is no more to be said. But to
ladies who would just as soon have
rich wavy brown hair or black or a
delicate shade of gold I would point
out that there are one hundred and
forty-seven Inexpensive lotions on the
market, any one of which, rubbed
gently into the .head with a tooth
brush (not too hard) just before ro
ing to bed, will, to use a .colloquial
ism, do the trick. Are you too stout.
She loves to run laughing through
the woods during exceptionally rainy
weather, or to gallop across the downs
without a hat. h^r fair ringlets stream
ing in the wind, the stout old family
coachman panting and expostulating
in the rear. If one may trust the pop
ular novel, extremely satisfactory hus
bands have often been secured in this
way. You naturally look at a girl who
is walking through a wood, laughing
heartily apparently for no other rea
son' than because it is raining — who
rides at stretch gallop without a hat.
If you have nothing else* to do, you fol
low her. It is always on the cards that
such a .girl may do something really
amusinc before she gets home. Thus
things begin. To a girl of this kind,
naturally curly hafr is essential. It
must be the port of hair that looks bet
ter when It is soaking wet. The bottle
of stuff that makes this particular hair
to grow may be considered dear, if you
think merely of the price. But that is
not the way to look at it. What is it
going to do for me? That is what the
girl has sot to ask herself. It does not
pay to spoil the ship for a ha'porth of
tar. as the saying is. If you are solng
to bo. a dashing, willful beauty, you
must have the hair for it, or the whole
scheme falls to the ground. Eyebrows
and eyelashes, the professor assumes,
the lady would like to match the hair.
Too much eccentricity the professor
does not agree with— nature, after all.
is the best guide; neatness combined
¦with taste, that is the ideal to be
aimed at. The eyebrows are being
worn almost straight. The eyelashes
long and silky, the professor suggests —
as usual, with just the suspicion of a
curl. The professor would also sug
gest a little less cheekbone.
Cheekbones are being worn low this
season. Will the lady have a dim
pled chin, or does she fancy the clean,
Bquare-cut jaw? Maybe the square
cut jaw and the firm, sweet mouth is
more suitable for the married woman.
It goes well enough with the baby and
the tea urn, and the strong, proud
man in the background. But for. the
unmarried girl, the dimpled chin and
the rosebud mouth are, perhaps, on
the whole, safer. Some gentlemen are
nervous of the firm, square jaw. For
the present, at all events, let us keep
understands exactly the sort of eye the
lady means. But it will be expensive.
There is a cheap quality, but the pro
fessor does .not recommend it. True
that it passes muster by gaslight, but
the sunlight shows it up. ; It lacks ten
derness, and at the price you can hard
ly expect it to contain much hidden
meaning. The prcfessor advises the
melting:, Oh-George-caKe-me-in-your
arms-and-still-my-fooJish-fear brand.
It cogts a little more, but it pays for
itself in the er:d. Perhaps it will be
best, now the eye has been fixed upon,
to discuss the question of the hair.
Tho professor opens the pattern book.
Maybe the lady is c-f a willful dispo
sition.
Coprrlrfct. 1304. by Or.rra! Newt *nd Prw
Eschars?.'
PRETTY women are going to have
a hard time of it later on. It
serves them right. Hitherto Jn
the world's history they had
• thirgs far too much their own way. In
;the future there are goins to be no
pretty jrirls— for the slrcple reason that
. there -nil! be no plain {rirls against
which to contrast them. Of late I have
done some systematic reading of
ladies' papers. The plain girl submits
to a course of "treatment." In eighteen
months she bursts upon society an
acknowledged beauty. And it is all
done by kindness. One girl writes:
"Only a little while ago I used to look
at myself in the glass and cry. Now I
look at myself and laugh." The letter
is accompanied by . two photographs
•of the young lady. I should have cried
myself had I seen her as she was at
first. She was a stumpy, flat-headed,
squat-nosed, cross-eyefe thing. She did
not even look good. One virtue she
•appeared to have had, however; it was
/aith. She believed what the label
"said and the did exactly what the label
told her. She- is now a tall, ravishing
young person, her only trouble being,
1 should say, to know what to do with
her hair; it reaches to her knees and
must be a nuisance to her. She would
do 'better to give some of it away. Tak
; ing.this young lady as a text, it means
that the girl .who declines to be a
* dream of loveliness does so out of ob
stinacy. What the raw material may
be does not appear to matter. Pro
.vided no feature is absolutely missing,
the result Is one and the same. Ar
" rived at years of discretion the maiden
proceeds to choose the style and beauty
ehe prefers.
Will ehe be a Juno, a Venus, or a
Helen? Will she have a Grecian nose
or one tip-tilted like the petal of a
. rcse? Let her try the tip-tilted style
"first. The professor has an Idea It Is
"going to be fashionable. If afterward
ehe does not like it, then will be time
'.to' try the Grecian. It is difficult to
decide these points without experiment.
•Would the lady like a high forehead
or a low forehead? Some ladles like
"' to 'look Intelligent It Is purely a mat
ter of taat*. With the Grecian nose
=th« low broad forehead perhaps goes
bejtter. It is more according to prece
;<!' «'. On the other hand, the high,
t Iny forehead would be more or!g
.liM&L . It Is for the lady herself to se
lect. We come to the question of eyes.
The lady fancies a delicate blue, not
'tab pronounced a color — one of those'
••useful shades that go with almost any
: thing. At the came time there should
be depth and passion. The professor
I used to look at this lady or at that
—shyly, when nobody seemed to> b© no
ticing me 1 — and think how fair she. was.
how stately; now I only wonder who
la her chemist. They used to tell me.
when I was a little boy, that girls
were made of sugar and spice. I know
better now. I have read the prescrip
tion. When I was quite a young man
I used to sit In a dark corner and
listen, with swelling heart, while peo
ple at the piano told me where little
girl babies got their wonderful eyes
from, of the things they did to them
In heaven that gave them dimples. Ah
me, I wish now I had never come across
those ladles' papers. I know the shop
where they make those dimples; I have
passed it and looked in. I thought
they were produced by angels* kisses,
but there was not an angel about the
place that I could see. Perhaps I have
also been deceived as regards their
goodness. Maybe all women ar© not
so perfect as In the popular short story
they apf ear to be. That Is why I sug
gest that science should proceed still
further— make them all as beautiful
in mind as she Is now able to make
them In body. May we not Mr© to sea
In the advertisement columns of tn«
ladies' paper of the future portrait of
a young girl sulking In a corner.
Before taking the lotion! The same
girl dancing among her little brothers
and sisters, shedding sunlight through
the home. After the first three bottles!
May we not have the caudle mixture:
one tablespoonful at bedtlm© guaran
teed to make the lady murmur, "Good
night, dear, hope you'll sleep well," and
at once fall asleep, her lips parted In a
smile? Maybe some specialist of the
future will advertise "mind massage,**
"warranted to remove from the most
obstinate subject all traces of hatred,
envy and malice.** And when science
has done everything possible for wo
men there might be no harm li'Tfer
turning her attention to us men. Her
idea at present seems to be that we are
too beautiful, physically and morally, to
need Improvement. Personally, there
are one or two points about which I
'should like to consult her.
or are you too thin? All you hav» to
do Is to say which and inclose stamp*.
Like the two beans that Alice found
In Wonderland, - one prescription
makes you bigger, the other prescrip
tion makes you smaller.
But do not make a mlstaks and itnd
for the wrong recipe. If you are al
ready too thin you might. In conse
quence, suddenly disappear befpre you
found out your mistake. One stout lady
I knew worked at herself for eighteen
month!" and got stouter every day. This
discouraged her so much that she gave
up trying. No doubt she had made
• a muddle and had sent for the wrong
bottle; but she would not listen to fur
ther advice. She said she was tired of
the whole thing. In future years there
will be no need for a young 'man to
look about him for a wife; he will take
the nearest girl, tell her his ideal, and
if she really cares for him she will- go
to the shop and have herself fixed up
to pattern. In certain Eastern coun
tries, I believe, something of this kind
is done. A gentleman desirous of add
"/ing to his family sends round ths
neighborhood the weight and size of
his favorite wife, hinting that If an
other can be found o'f the same propor
tions , there Is room for her. Fathers
walk round among their daughters,
choose the most likely specimen and
have 'her fattened up. That is their
brutal Eastern way of doing it. Out
West we shall be more dDlicate. Match
making mothers will probably revive
the old confession book. Eligible bach
elors will be invited to fill In a page,
"Your favorite height In women";
"your favorite measurement round the
waist"; "do you like brunettes or
blondes?" and so on.
The choice will be left to the girls.
"I think Henry Arthur is Just too
sweet for words," the eldest girl will
murmur to herself after the ball, "so
tender, so likely to be true. Ah! she
will be a happy woman who gets him,
whoever she may be." Gently, coyly,
with her quick woman's tact she will
draw from him his ideal of what a
woman should be. In from six months
to a year she will burst upon him. the
perfect She: height, complexion, weight
right to a T. He will clasp her in hia
arms. "At last," he will cry, "I have
found her, the woman of my dreams."
And If he does not change his mind,
and the bottles do not begin to lose
their effect, there will be every chance
that they will be happy ever afterward.
Might not science go even still farther?
Why rest satisfied with malting a world
of merely beautiful women? Cannot
science, while she is about It. make
them all good and clever? Hang the
expense! Speaking as a family man
myself, I am willing to put my hand
in my pocket and bear my share of the
cost. I feel sure that., if the case
were put clearly, fathers and husbands
and brothers would respond without a
murmur. I do not apologize for the
suggestion. I used to think all women
beautiful and good; it did not occur to
me that they would be improved upon
in either respect. It is their own
papers that have disillusioned me.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
BEAUTY BY THE BOTTLE
15Duncan's Mill; Rosina Behmer, . Santa'
Rosa;j Edna Lund.. Suisun: Eliza Lash, t
Suisun;. jAijna - Paul, Suisun; ,Ruth
Kestfler, -Martinez; Ellen - Glbbs, Dun-t
cans" Mill; : Albert -Ferre, Sacra'mento ; ?
Leslie Crump, 141 Hancock street, San '
Franclaco; Hazel Horton, 268 - Fifth
street; Oakland;. 'Hazel iDevoto, 65 Erie;
street*.- .San, Francisco; - Ruth Wiles,,
Tulare'; . Haiilon, Crump, . 141 Hancock
street, San Francisco; r Calirio ; Wiles,'
Tulare; ;; Mary^'Crump, ¦¦'', "l41;«> Hancock
street, San Francisco; 1 1. Llndenbaum,
165 Hayes street, San -Francisco ; ' Will ¦
Sympson, ;Paciflc' Grove; Hazel, White,
San Jose; Lucetto^Pedlar, Gilroy;; Ar
thur Barry, 130 1 Pierce . street, ;• San
Francisco ;) Milton"; Richards^ 1113 Castro
street, San- Francisco; '-Mark»Dodson,
528 Twenty-second street, -'¦ Oakland;
Onita '¦ Stevens, 4180 Twenty-fifth street.
Fifth'street, Oakland; Stanley,McKim,
538' William Oakland;.- Ruth
Weaver. 413 Fifteenth street, Oakland:
Ralph Brown/. '875. Church street, 1
San . - Fcanciscoi^ v Robert " Butler, -85
Cumberland t street, . San , Francisco;
SammieHern.tTulare; Mildred Curtis,:
918 Ellis-'street,- San .Francisco; Abbey
Linsenfelser, 122* Erie street. Sari Fran
cisco; Wal.terV MJres, . 3116 Fillmore'
street, San* Francisco; Arthur Eggers,'
202 Gough^street, 6an Francisco; Wil
liam Koegle, 96 Cumberland street, San
Francisco;;. A.' Neuendorf, , 2750 . HarriBon ,
street, San ' Francisco; Anita Truman,
2415 Howard street, San Francisco; '
Henry Franzen, . 1505'' Fllimore; street,?
San Francisco;' Gustay'Baur' 1153 Mis-*
slon street, Ban'/ 'Francisco; Susiet
Kooper, 924 . Filbert-, street,'- San/Fran-i
Cisco ; Georgle / Randolph, i ,1529 < Oak 5
street, San : Francisco; • Louie' Gamblnl. 'i
Sebastopol;"' El win "Benson;- Petaldma; •
Hazel Dayton, Duncans Mill; ; Lucile
Grifflj* Hanta Rosa; Rosy de Carey,
San: Francisco; Fred • Musso, Baa Jom;
John Frazler, Goat; Island; Gladys
Butler, 143 William street, San-Fran-.
Cisco; Callle' Terry, 2470 Mission street,
. San Francisco; .. Stanley,. -FuHalov«,
2806A -Pine ; street, San : FrahcJ«oo;
Louise. Bottarini, San Rafael;' Luoy
Hopkins, Xovato; Rosemary Kobe*,
'Santa Rosa; Elizabeth Finnic, 263 Oak
street; San FTancisco; Walter. Tlmmina,
1011 Twenty-second street, Oakland;
Ruth W.algrew, San Jcse; ' H. Janssen,
560 Howard street, San Francisco;
Leslie. Lorden. .,729 Capp street, San
Francisco;: Herbert Lorden, 729 Capp
street,- Sab Francisco;: Raymond Nash,
San Jose;- Estelle Cox, Stockton; Clar
ence Dqw/ - Lodl; 'Louis Frlant, 729'
Clayton^ street,' San Francisco; Ernest-
ine; Franaen, 1505 Fillmore street, San
Francisco;; Gertrude ¦ Hemphill, .'. 945
Grace avenue, Oakland; Daisy Flckes,
912 'Third street, Oakland;' Leo Many,
1968 Grove street,. Oakland; Zena Tay
lor, Alameda.
' ""V VERY boy un\V £lrl AvliV soy 4 Jin '..school 'jr rent's theVpiiper.s'or ,p ( !ays games, such as. football, has
ml heard. the najiityii ot 'nearly all 'tlfe. bis American cbilrgc*:. '..Well, tlicro^iirc four of them repi*esentcd ':
4 A\ in pictures 1/2, o aii'J 4 o:i this,^ pHse^aiulthey ..aw. the lour, eolkges whose uames arc most often .
>• seen in prlnl.-To makc.it .easier sues-sins the Puzzle Editor wants to say thnt they -arc. all Eastern >
colicge^.^ Aiid' : n(iu-i-Wliat' are' trievj'1? • Ruf jon don't have to go to school or playtimes or. read the pa- '
pci-S to UjioV' what 'the next '.folir .'pictures .(5, .0, '7 "and 8) .'l-cprescnt.'^. Yo"u have. all seen them many times on .
iJic .direct am!, aldns country roads. They., represent four different kinds of eonveyanccs, both- two and
four wheeled, like a wag;oii. You o «"'t possibly uiis.s any of them. Just try and sec. . , -..-', t
_ -.Qf, co L :r! ? c J! s i:?!M. '.*.. no^need of 'telling^ you _as;.al»>.,^vliat .ijcli j'pujirj is_hi^ store . fpr_ you If j/pu win.
Those books all speak for themselves.
But, children, pay strict attention. now. ' Here is sometlilns" the Puzzle lulltcr wants to speak of par
ticularly. You must not only give jour'iiiimc ami the~town and State ulu-i'cin you live, but the street or
postoHicc number. This is -important because Hiaiiy books arc be In ~ returned because of Incorrect ad
dresses. --And- don't forget 'the ' gsillcry of honor. - • -t _.....-- . ., r . •
. PLEASE DOX'T SEX1> IX ANY. TiXTYPK ' P1CTIJKES OH PI5OUFS THAT AKE UXTOXEu— which
means that they will tade as soon as they are 'eiposed l° the sun. and don't foi*aet to write your name and
address. on the back of eaeli anil every photograph. And by all means be- »urt* that you arc a prize win- .
ucr before you •acnd in miy .picture at ail.
Ana len^cnibcr this: You will all have a "chance not only to win one of those 150'prlzes^ tmt sn~ ,
your picture published its well. The I'uzzle Ki!ltor. wauls :tU the prize winners to send In . their pictures .
— the whole 15U every vvcei* if possible. Begin "right now. " Don't wait. The niore the merrier. There "
can't be -too \ many. Hut rciuetnbcr, only the prizewinners can- !iave.ihclr "pictures publisiied.
\Z\1) Fll-Ti* PHIZES, and this »» what you, must do to win one of '
."ciiefii^- *"••»?*: V< -n'.-i'.i i ' .t ' r^«.. v -lf- ««^l -'•'. -:^>J. U ¦,<¦?.•:« .'- ; v h ' : *- «-'^v . t. .. ¦- •*»> .-i ';*'*.«.
•.^¦>:' Find tlie namc^.orfyco'itr lilffcrent .CdHescs«s:sbown.in,pictures . I, 2. 3 and 1 and Four CpnyeyancCT.^'
as shown in *. pictur^" 5, ' C, aif-J 8 -on tfiiis .»j>a'geVand'Hwrit!o thchi^out In' the 'spiicc opposite the 'prdpeV
corresponding niniibc l i^ ( fiio 1 lldcd_ for the purpase in the db^Y>oiV'o^i*Jlliis ¦pa^c^ns , per^, direetiohs: ',fill,*ln!ftUe^;
, coupon with . yp«r. nan)c J aml adtlress and'the pri^e ' 'you'' ilcsire^ff you f win-rand .send the coupon to . th9/j|
;^DrrOH.sOl<VTW CalK/S^iy Franciseo,iCal. . .',.. \. , ; ..< -. .. . v . r^j^
.v'icV .HEMEyUliU^rTotlie I'llSST OXE IUJNOKKD AND FiFtV BVYS AXD GI1ILS who solve> tli» tvrelra -^
Saxne l^zles^^ufcily, one of tlie-se O,NL 'JIU^>KE1> AND *^l iT rY».liEAirrLI<:KL(5.PR115ES.wlll be awarded!**
X / this next point, ljecause.,lt : Is '-ycrir^ln}pui*fj^nt:^ ALL -AXSWEl'tS - MUS1V rttEACH *
JTHIS OKl'ICE >B\> KKIDAY NOON. Tiii.s K ives>aliv tbose.Jrt the /country; nn*'eq»fir- diaiioe ttf> - cohtpcte.
evciiythlnR. on this page, to be sure, tbat you . ovei'jwo:?, 'nothing >that will help you to «win/ a prize,'- "» -5
¦ -\,X.-.. .TllBtXA.MESVOi; Till; HJClwY?.\VJXXKKS WllxbrjBiiU PUBL1SKHD IX TILE SUNDAY JGAT^TWO ••
WEEKS FROM .TO-DAY, May 22. ¦ _ , . v. .'-., / v , v V t -^ ' • \ '¦} »' • ¦ ' i*J ' i.l -.v ..'A>'
. > ! * ; f!.»^* arc tbe.TVVKXTY BKAUTJFUL BOOKS from which you may choose If you solve all tbfe pnx^ Ul
tics correctly: ¦ •.'¦.*¦ - ' '-' ¦•'¦_ ¦ ¦'• :•: .• ;:- ; , -->;.- „. '.-- . J-. ¦; * : . ¦*¦; '¦-> .^ •- :•• .:\" >--.-.v. ¦¦;¦¦.*/
•¦' of a BroOrTie. by Mulock; Alice's Adventures !r» \yonderland,' by ' Carroll ; Tlic Blythedale Ro-*
mancci by Hawthorne: A 'Child's Garden of Verses, by Stevenson; The Chhnrs, f *by Dickens'* Cranfonl ' by
i Oaskelft Gulliver's Travels, -by Swllt^Pilgrini's 1-rogress, by (John , B\inyan;'The' Son» ' of f 'illawaiha.' by
toiigfellow: Laddie and! Ml?« ToObey's. Mission: Luclle, by Mei-edlth;. The 'Magic Xiits.' by MbltWortl^ Old
Christmas, -by Irvine; -Paradise >Lost, by : Milton;Tlic Pleasures "of Life/ by Lubboek; Rab and 'ills Friends,
by Brow-n; Tom Brown's School Duys;> by Hughes; Treasure j Island, by Stevenson;'" Shakespeare's Heroines!
by Jameson. ." r '->. ' . ¦' '• ¦ . • •¦ ¦. • . ¦ :.;;•.,.•,;. ¦ .,.'\<J... •=.-•-¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • ¦ .^r •
SIMPLE PUZZLES TO-DAY
B<jaUtf PUT : -S-bo^s-— ©ns - tfUrpvid ' arjd, Ff fiy oF Th€iT»—
gKLOW are riven the names jf
the 150 lucky children * \vh<»
solved the puzzles — Names of
XusieM Ins! rumen u> and Dilter
eat Kinds cl Ccndj — in the contest of
April 24:
Mabel Nelson, FairHeld; Raymond
McCarron. Suisun; Janet Hughes, 346
Arlington street, San Francisco; Mollie
•Smith, 40 Steuart street, San Fran
cisco; Beatrice Miner, Alameda;
Martha Montech, l'O7 Hyde street, San
Francisco; Mildred Smith, 5S2 Turk
street. San Francisco; Constant Robin
son, 814 Thirty-sixth street, Oakland;
Francis Ralph, Alameda: Grac* King.
Alameda; Mildred Tade, Berkeley.
Minnie Smith. 38 Steuart .street, San
Francisco; H. Schmidt, 557A Harrison
street, San Francisco; G. Russell, San
Juan; G. Ka'ogxias, l"&'z Silver
street, San Francisco; John Murray,
San Quentin; Camille Angove, Grars
Valley; Adeline Kessler, Stockton;
Edythe Osborn, Healdsburg; H. Russo,
Pinole; Ardery Abraham, Sacra-iento;
Bernlce Wllfces, Tres Pinos; Willie
Marshall, Vacavillt*. Willie Fuller,
Ajnew; Frew Fuller, Agnew; Leslie
Kerdell, Alameda; Grace Pleasant,
Winters; Baker Elanchard, San Jose;
Charles Burton, Stockton; , Lottie
Fairbanks, Anderson ; Lucy Alexander,
Healdsburg; Bertha Alexander, Healds
burg; Fred Egllbert, Iron Mountain;
Marion Gleeson, Stockton; Jeannette
Frank, Marysville; Rcsa Howe. San
Diego; KaUe Nichols. Yreka; Otto
Eeydecker. Alameda; Flo Robinson,
Gridley; Ruby Pratt, Eugene;
Florence Wood, San Rafael; Eva Pel
ren. Los Angeles: Millicent Cov.i
in*. Grass w Valley; Olivia Smith,
Santa Rosa* . Allen ".Mechem, . Val
lejo;, Brown,/, Vallejo:
Claude Hamilton. , . Silver : City;.
Pearl Katzenstein, Newcastle;
Leola Crane* Sacramen^oPHarry^Stieg.
Vallejo: Mae Detriek, 1709 Eddy street,
. San Francisco; Tlta Canaris, 1524 Gold
en Gate avenue,-San Francisco;' Bertha
Busch. 13»l-Larkm- street. San Fran
cisco; Ethel Nelson. 217 Twenty-ninth
street, San Francisco; C. Rothch/jd,
2S04 Twenty-third street, San Francis-'
co; Vivian Dubois, 2251 Market. street,
Sa.n Francisco; Alice Tennis, ,2520 Mar
ket street, San Francisco; Neojtni Jjen-"
eon,' 2313 Howard street. San Francisco; '
Mildred Smith, 701 Scott '6treet. San'
Francisco; Adelaide Walters, 1117 Cas-<
tro street. San' Francisco; 'Lulu Mitch-,
ell," 1224 Utah' street, San /Francisco;!
Harry Smith. 32S Twenty-seventh
•'street. San, Francisco; .Nina ; Devany/
lot Guerrero ' street, ' San Francisco;.
Stanley Arndt, Stockton ;' Louise Wrefle;.
Sll Guerrero -street. San Francisco;"'
Katharihlnglls, 1320 Masonic ' avenue *
San Francteco;' C.'e. 'Gi'b"son,-<(12 .bo
lores . street, v San .Francisco; .Faith''
Rogrers.\lT4 Pierce street,. Sau .Francis-^
<cft; Irviny.Davis, 147 Fourteenth street,-
Ean Francisco; Netta Clarki 2825 Mis-i
eion street, San Francisco; Gladys'
O'Brien.' 213 Eleventh street," Oakland; 1
TilJie Hartz.' Danville; Jphn Cushing,
Crockett; Noel McGettlgen, - 4044
Eighteenth street, ;San : Francisco;,
Ethel Hilton, 24 Dame street.- San Fran-.
Cisco; Albert Moon, 2317 ' Harrison
street, San' Francisco; Irma' Morris, 415
Turk street. Ban Francisco; Robert
Spence, £28 Noe street, San Francisco;
Merrltt Roblson, 1124 Masonic avenue,
Ean Francisco; Alice Ren wick, 838
Twenty-ninth street, Oakland; Dudley
Mitchell, 466% Thirteenth street, Oak
land; David At wood. Berkeley; Orville
Man, Berkeley; JJorlng DavIs, 9C3
TOE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF APRIL 24.
THE- SAN.v FRANGISGO^' SUNDAY CALIi
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Cut the Coupon
and Send It to
ihe Fuzz]© Editor,
Sunday Call, &F.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday CmXL
Ean Francisco:
Belorr In their proper num-
bers plea«e find mr «olnt)oa of
Four Different Colleses and
Four Conveyances represented
In this week's Name Puzzle**:
• » «-w»»^ »•— o^—w— i ¦»¦ mi
m " " ' 'im mmnBn^i
• » — r-r iiuw'i » ii i m]m m» m» >
• ¦
- - ; : V ¦/
A
• iiium 'inni^wnnB
' Kim*) 1 I Hi i|ii|i m nnp t
Street « fi <^-- — — m - im , u
• ¦ v
V
City ¦ ¦ i i mi i^ a
Stata - -m- nnn
U I rf In I choomm t^r pj±a
m»*w~vi+r T T I iTiigjin
¦t8P*^v0BQBp*<SpwHH8BHHBB
(See list of Prt»ei.y- ' I ¦BOND-STREET ROOKERIES, IN ONE OF WHICH FAMOUS DIVINE DIED.
Lolita Armour Jlay Soon WaJ'c.
VIENNA, May 7.— Lollta Armour of
Chicago was recently examined by Pro
fessor Lorenz, who said her condition
was thoroughly satisfactory and that
she had made fine progress toward're
covery.
The professor said he had no doubt
that after a short course of massage
and manipulation of the injured Joint
the little girl would be able U walk
perfectly.
have to r* far In any American city
to find one more attractive to the eye.
But signs proclaim to all and sundry
ily. And It is a significant fact that
it is not in the Piccadilly windows of
the shop, but In those facing Bond
street, that the royal warrants are
displayed. Piccadilly is by far the
finer and more imposing street of the
two, -but Piccadilly has never been
taken specially under royal protection.
Two doors from the t lucky baker's
is a quaint little old fashioned shop, in
the windows of which are shown
cheese, butter, eggs, bacon and., poul
try. In any of the small streets of the
big cities of America if such a shop
were seen one would wonder how it
came to be overlooked . in ; the . march
of improvement and , escaped demoli
tion. But this insignificant shop has
no reason to apologize -for, its pres
ence. It has a big pull with the royal
family. Signs announce that the: pro-
prletore are not only "cheesemon
gers by ' appointment to / his Majesty
the King," but "buttermen" to the
Duke of Connaught, "poulterers" to
the Duke of Edinburgh, and purvey
ors to the King of Sweden and. 'the
House of Commons. The Duke of Ed
inburgh,' who became the Prince, of
Saxe-Coburg Gotha, has been dead
some years, but the memory of his
patronage still counts for something.
CIGAR STANDS -WITH POLLS.
Sandwiched in between: the "cheese
mongers" and the baker's , is a cigar
shop on which , Is . emblazoned the
royal coat of arms. A document
framed and hung in the window, gives
the authority for displaying the. proud
heraldic device. It r reads: "You; are
hereby ; appointed cigar merchant to
his Majesty the King.V Given under my
hand . and ." seal at Buckingham Palace
this 23d day of -July, }90l| in the first
year of his Majesty's reign."; Then fol-
ARMOR BEARINGS FOR "ADS."
But If these grim old warrior mon
archs who used to display them proud
ly when they led their armies to battle
could come back to earth and see them
employed as advertisements for tailors,
dressmakers, haberdashers, cheese deal
ers, bakers, hairdressers and shoemak
ers. ; : what a Bhindy they would raise
with their inglorious descendants who
authorize such use of them. ,
American girls are among the last
customers of Bond street. They may
turn up their pretty noses when they
first see it and declare truthfully
that there isn't a third-rate town
in .the United States that can't
show : a more imposing street and
finer looking shops, but the royal bait
held- out proves too . much for them.
"What is good enough for a Queen or a
Princess is none too good for them,
and as for the expense — well, a Bond
street label is supposed to be the in
disputable hall mark of Fashion— with
a;blg "F." ....
¦; In Its ancient days many of the no
.blllty^ and gentry;; lived in little Old
Bond street. As the ':'• favorite prom
enade of swelldom It was natural that
Beau Brummel when in the height of
his fame "as the arbiter of masculine
fashion should there frequently display
the; elegances and eccentricities of hia
attire." All' the gay old bucks used to
strut up and down the ; street 1 every
pleasant afternoon. .
At 41 Old Bond street Laurence Sterne
died on March 18;. 1768, within' a month
after the, publication of his '.'Senti
mental Journey." ; The; ground. floor of
the* house is now a* shop for the sale of,
Turkish, cigarettes.; "I never, heard ( of
him"," said the proprietor when I asked
concerning the' 1 ' famous -author.. "He
wasn't in my line of business, was ho?"
Boswell at one time had lodgings in
Old Bond street, and there on one oc
casion entertained at dinner. Johnson,
Garrick and Goldsmith. *
HOME OF CELEBRITIES.
After the battle of Cape St. Vincent
and the expedition against Teneriffe,
in which he lost his arm, Nelson in 1737
laid up for repairs for three months at
No. 150 New Bond street. At that time
his friendship with Lady'Hamllton had
not, according to his biographers,
ripened, and It was his wife who
nursed him and personally dressed his
wounds. A comparatively modern
building now occupies the site.
Lady Hamilton, whose beauty still
survives in twenty-four portraits of har
by Romney, took up her residence at
150 New' Bond street In 1811. That was
ten years after Nelson's death, and It
13 hardly consistent with what is
known of • her character ; to suppose
that her choice of abode was influenced
by. its .proximity to the house where
her. heroic lover, had suffered.
"The house, a very plain one, is now
occupied' by a haughty fish dealer with
the royal coat of arms over his door.
"I ain't never 'eard tell of Lady 'Amil
ton." said the fish dealer's clerk who
responded to the visitor's inquiries.
"Lived in this 'ere 'ouse once, you say?
Well," he added with a laugh at his
own jest. 'I've -'eard tell that In them
old days some of them fine ladles wuz
a queer lot." • .
Jackson," the pugilist. Byron's in
structor in the- fistic art, occupied
rooms in New, Bond street, where • he
sparred with , his aristocratic patron?.
Of him the poet ( wrote:
All men unpraet Iced in exchanging knocks
Must cot to Jacksoa's ere they dare to box.
lows the illegible signature - of ; the
"keeper of. his Majesty's privy ' purse."
It is a royal warrant and to a British
tradesman counts for more as an ad
vertisement than does a standing page
In a Sunday newspaper on the 'other
side.
As one continues his course through
Bond street It Is seen that these royal
warrants have been lavishly bestowed
there. . Twoi; other cigar dealers proud
ly display them, • one of which enjoys
the - V additional j distinction of v being
"tobacconist to the King.". . .
Time was when royal warrants pos
sessed .potent- powers and might get a
man's -head cut off, but' in; these days
of triumphant democracy : their chief
function . seems to . be , to help tra'des
men [ sell their wares. And perhaps
some day a radical ' Parliament ' may
put Its foot down on them as interfer
ing with . the \ free , play ' of competition
and the beneficent law of, the survival
of the 'fittest. 1 \ But meanwhile Bond
street, flourishes on < them and has ho
difficulty in . . maintaining. Its steep
prices, despite- the;' competition % of less
favored : regions. .. ¦;. . .
Royai armorial bearings are about
the only form of advertising that Bond
street allows , itself, but of, • them It
makes the \ most., • -; Some of 'its shops
display half a dozen of .them andthey^
are ' by. ; ho"- means confined \ to ; English'
royalty. .The! Emperor, of Russia, the
King :, of -Portugal and \. the i| Kingw of
Sweden lend \ their • aid • a3 "patrons,"
for, those of -: royal blood are never re
ferred to V as ."customers." - One shop
boldly declares itself "purveyors to. all
the • courts of , Europe." \ A" student {of_
heraldry may ¦ spend ' a. very interesting"
half a hour In ' Bond - street studying
these "devices. — ' . , :
LONDON. May T.— Some of the ab
«ordltlea of London's archaic leasehold
./system have been strikingly illustrated
by tb* discovery that although the city
corporation owns the larger portion of
New Bond street, which, as the ultra
fasklonable shopping street, rank*
the most valuable property in
Xjoadon. the rental which the
dry obtains from the shops there aver
ages only about $25 a year. And Lon
don is now mourning its lost millions.
There are two Bond streets— old Bond
etreet. which runs northward a short
block from Piccadilly, and New Bond
street, which continues it a much
longer distance to Oxford street Since
it is all one street why the distinction
in the names should be maintained is
. one of the many mysteries of London's
street nomenclature.
Old Bond street has been in exlstonoe
.118 years. New Bond street got ita
start in life 1S3 years ago. Soon after
it was opened in 1721 a local rhymster
inquired in amazement:
Whftt'e r.'t destioj»«l by Time's devouring
hand?
Vheres Trer. and wbere'8 the Manw»le la th«
. P?es, cebbases and ternlpc ono« grew wher»
>Tow rtanda New Bond street and a newer
frach piles and buildings now rise np and down.
Lcnflon Itself ee«aas rrowtnr om o f town.
But the City E&thers thought appar
ently that London had almost reached
the limits of its inroads on cabbage
r.&tches and turnip fields. "With a. short -
Eigfcted policy in striking contrast to
that pursued by the ancestors of the
Dukes of Westminster and Bedford,
who are now rolling In wealth from
their ground rents, they granted per
-. petual leases on their building lots at
annual rentals often as low as $20 a
' year and never exceeding $35. A queer
clause was Inserted in these leases by
which, even* fourteen years, the hold
ers of them have to pay a "fine"
amounting: to seven times the annual
rental. By a subsequent arrangement,
however, it was provided that these
- Keven-y»ff~'"*Tln<'3"**inlgiit be commuted
by. the payment of a lump sum. Fur
thermore, if a leaseholder through any
mischance neglected to pay his rent
and thus forfeited the lease, the cor
poration, in another burst of generosity,
• bound itself, as a special act of grace,
.to grant a renewal of the lease on the
Fame terms for eighty years, at the ex
'piration of which time the property re
• verts to the city.
LUCKY LEASEHOLDERS.
What is legally done in England re
mains done for all time, and thus the
city obtains annually only a few hun
dred pounds from this property,
.which ought to bring in hundreds of
thousands. And it is not the shop
keepers themselves who profit by the
folly of these long dead and buried
civic rulers. Few of them are aware
that the city owns the ground in
which their shops stand. They pay
big rentals to the smart folk who first
got hold of the leases.
Bond street — the old and the
"new" combined— ris and has been
tor haJf a century the favored shop
ping district of royalty, wealth and
•aristocracy. It Is the Mecca of fash
ion's pilgrims from all over the earth,
end particularly from all over the
United States. And it is as dingy and
prtmy and little and shabby outside as
¦Its fhops are gorgeous inside. Few
buildings in the street are more than
three stories high.
Bond street senior is of decent
width — for a London street — but Bond
street Junior is a degenerate offspring
of the older and shorter street. It
goes only a few yards on its own
hook, when it contracts its roadway
and narrows its sidewalks to a few
. feet, and wobbles a bit here and there
• as though in its Infancy it bad been
uncertain as to th« course it should
follow through the cabbage patches
and turnip fields.
- Externally most of the shops are
not much to look at. Few of them go
in for window display; they never
hold bargain sales; they make no
appeals to the crowd; they scorn to
have recourse to any of the ordinary
methods of attracting custom. By
their very avoidance of all show and
glitter they proclaim- the wide gulf
of excluEiveness which separate them
from the garish shops of Regent
Etreet. Oxford street and Piccadilly.
before which gaping crowds may al
ways be found. They consider them
selves "the real thing": and as long
-is their wealthy and aristocratic cus
tomers take them at their own esti
mate and are content to pay for their
*vare much more than they would
have to pay elsewhere, they will con
tinue the recognized arbiters of Lon
dpn fashions, both masculine and
f^minin^.
MYSTERY OF BOND STREET.
* Why Bond street, narrow and un
sightly as it is, should be thus favor
ed by the social elect is at first a mys
tery to the casual observer. But it is
. a. mystery that is soon solved. Royal
patronage and flunkyism have made
Bond street and relieved it of the ne
cessity of hustling for trade. Royalty
has put the seal of its approval on
Bond street, and where royalty points
the way wealth obsequiously follows.
When you enter Bond street from
Piccadilly the first shop encountered on
the left-hand side is a baker's. Oc
cupying a corner site, It has a front
age both on Piccadilly and . Bond
street. In appearance it is a very or
dinary eort of shop. One would not
that royal warrants and knead ers of
dough within have been appointed
bakers to her Majesty the Queen, his
royal Highness the Prince of Wales
and other members of the royal f am-
LONDON, May 7.— It is not true that
Queen Alexandra set the fashion of
motoring among English society wo
men—this distinction belongs to Mrs.
Bradley-Martin. Although Mrs. Brad
ley-Martin generally is one of the most
obedient followers of her Majesty in all
matters of fashion, the craze of motor
ing caught her so severely that she
could not wait till the sport had re-
celved the imprimatur of the Queen. It
Is, however, understood that Lady Cra
ven, Mrs. Bradley-Martin's daughter,
egged her mother on in this matter — a
disposition to get there first being one
of the Countess of Craven's chief char
acteristics. Lady Craven for some
time has been known to be impatient
with regard to waiting for people in
high places to set the fashion, and she
is commencing to show that she has
ldeaa of her own and means to put
them Into practice whether people Ilka
it or not.
Now that her Majesty has taken to
motoring all English society women
will follow suit. It is, however, the
first time that Queen Alexandra has
had to play second fiddle in the domain
of setting fashion. Lady Craven
caught the motoring fever about
twelve months ago, but it is only with
in the last month or so that she has
been bold enough to assume the role of
driver. She engaged an expert French
chauffeur, who not only taught her
how to drive, but educated her in me
chanical intricacies. She learned the
major part of the details in Paris,
where she knew she would be practi
cally.free from the observation of her
society friends. She afterward took
lessons from a mechanical expert in
London, and after a few spins on some
of the English roads between London
and Brighton, accompanied by her
chauffeur, she summed up sufficient
courage to assume full control of her
own vehicle. After having satisfied
herself that she was fully qualified to
manipulate the machinery she became
her mother's teacher, and It was no
small surprise when Mrs. Bradley-
Martin was found engineering a gor
geously equipped motor around Hyde
Park a few weeks ago. The matter, for
the moment, created a little sensation
in society because motoring had been
somewhat looked upon as an exhibition
of vulgar wealth because the best peo
ple in London had not yet abandoned
the "spanking" horse for the latest cre
ations of the motor manufacturer.
CURZON A MARTTNT2T.
Those in immediate attendance on
Lady Curzon welcome her appearance
in London and particularly the chance
of her being for a time free from the
personal observation of his lordship,
the Viceroy. Lord Curzon is described
as a veritable taskmaster, and, I am
told, he does not consider it undigni
fied to remonstrate when he thinks it
necessary with the most subordinate
menial In the household. He even
formulates ingenious schemes to catch
erring and unwary servants. If. for
instance, he suspects one of lying in
bed until 8 o'clock while he - or she
should be on duty at 7, the delinquent
is bound to be caught by his lordship.
A valet employed by Lord Curzon
before he went to India was, It seems,
not overzealous In erettlnsr out of bed
in . the morning. Lord Curzon's cus
tom was to receive his letters and
newspapers in his room every morning
at 8 o'clock, and as the valet was late
a few mornings, his lordship ' con
cluded that he was sleeping beyond his
usual time. One night, on coming
home late from the House* of Com
mons he determined to catch the valet
napping — literally — and in order to
carry out his object he slipped a note
In his boots inviting the unsuspecting
servant to call him at 7 o'clock next
morning. The trap was successful; the
valet had his usual extra half hour
and had no alternative but to plead
guilty. His punishment was to pack
his things and go.
Before Lord Curzon went to India
his household was frequently under
staffed because his lordship's reputa
tion with regard to his treatment of
servants was not calculated to Im
press them favorably. There were al
most daily calls on the registry offices
and In the end it became nearly im
possible to get anything like a re
sponsible servant to accept a situation
in the Curzon household. In money
matters, too, the Viceroy is, I am told,
exacting to a farthing. Servant*'
traveling and other incidental ex
penses are examined with painful
scrutiny and such items as tips given
by domestics to railway officials or
others would never be allowed.
In striking contrast to her husband
is Lady Curzon. She is generous to a
fault and the servants love her. His
lordship's persistency in calling her
by her Christian name, Mary, in the
presence of the servants, however,
caused the latter to adopt the same
familiarity — not in her presence, of
course — but on every other occasion
when there was any necessity to re
fer to her ladyship. The regularity
with which his lordship used to inter
fere with the servants did not. of
course, help matters to run always
smoothly between husband and wife.
It was, however, considered by some
of the more charitable of the servants
that Lord Curzon's bark was not as
bad as his bite and that he was more
a victim to disciplinary mania than a
man who desired to make people un
comfortable.
English Metropolis Is Deprived of
Millions by the Old Lease
hold Laws.
Mrs. Bradley Martin Makes Motor
Fashionable and Queen Is. Not
Consulted.
OLD BOND STREET, A DINGY ALLEY OF LONDON, THE RENDEZVOUS
OF UNPRETENTIOUS SHOPKEEPERS WHO THRIVE BY ROYAL PATRONAGE
Pages 17 to 20
Pages 17 to 20
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY -8, 1904.Grand Master Workman Dunton of
the Ancient Order of United Workmen
has issued his first official circular to
the lodges, and in this he sets forth
what he would like to have the lodges
do during the current Workman year.
Order of Workmen.
Fraternal Brotherhood;
Oakland Lodge No. 123 of the Fra
ternal Brotherhood had a masquerade
party/ exclusively " for members of the
lodge Ia3t week, and it proved to be a
very, pleasant affair.
Columbia Lodge/ which is In a con-
Knights and Ladies.
•Grand Protectress Mrs.,. Frances J.
Williams of the Knights and Ladies of
Honor has prepared a.letter to be sent
to all the lodges of the order, In which
she explains what she proposes to do
during her term as the head of the
organization. '. She has appointed the
following named as the members of
the standing committees of the grand
lodge: On law and supervision— Dr. S.
American, L.' A. Rapp,' Dorrla 'J. Kap-
LONDON. May 7. — Women figured
prominently in the play-writing new3
of the week. There was, first of all,
a version of Frank Norrls* 44 The Pit."
prepared for the English stage by
tw.o of the fair sex and produced by
Murray Carson at the Apollo Theater.
Then Mrs. Craigie's (John Oliver
Hobbes) "Flute of Pan" was played at
Manchester by Miss Olga Nethersole.
According to the local critics It met
with only moderate success.
English Women Write Plays.'
There was a good attendance of mem
bers and friends at the "at home"
given April 18 in Red Men's building by
Empress Victoria Lodge of the Daugh
ters of St. George. It was in the nature
of an informal affair, that was greatly
enjoyed by all. After the pro.gramme
of entertainment^ which Included in
strumental music by Miss Alice Corney
and vocal selections by M. Johnson,
Miss Brown and Charlotte Gill,. Miss
Taylor accompanist, there was served
an excellent collation in the banquet
hall, after which there was an hour of
dancing.' To Mrs. McLaine was award
ed the beautiful lace cape donated to
the lodge by Mrs. Burchell.
Order of St. George.
LONDON, May 7.— J. P. Morgan's
town house in London, 13 Princess Gate,
Is watched by day now by a policeman
regularly stationed on the outside,
while at night two former detectives
stand guard within. An elaborate nvs
tem of electric alarms and telltale
clocks has been put In to stimulate
their vigilance.
While Mr. Morgan was here on hla
latest visit a man was found hiding in
an outhouse at his suburban residence,
Dover House, near Richmond Park!
Although the circumstances were sus
picious, the prisoner was discharged
with a caution.
Morgan's London House Guarded.
The next session of the Supreme
Lodge of the Friends of the Forest will
be held in the Mission Opera Hall,
commencing June 7. The session will
last two or three days, and during that
time the officers and members will be
guests at a hall and a banquet. The
committee that has charge of these
events had a theater party at the Al
cazar April 25.
Lincoln Lodge recently had a large
class initiation, which' was witnessed
by many visitors from other lodges in
this city and from those on the other
side of the bay. The number of stran
gers admitted by initiation was in ex
cess of twenty, and the membership
was thereby increased to 15d. Miss
Mae Burress, the president, assisted by
Miss J. Trennell and the other officers
of the lodge, did the work In' a manner
that won for them the highest com
mendation. A social hour-followed the
ceremonies of the evening just to es
tablish to the new members the fact
that Lincoln is a very sociable lodge.
Friends of the Forest.
Los Angeles reports thirty-five ini
tiations, and Pasadena forty during
April. • .
In the last sixty days the council in
Whittier increased its beneficial mem
bership from 17 &o 112.
During April the order instituted
six new\ councils, one each in Armona,
Kings County; Oakland; Castle Rock,
Wash.; Wallace, Idaho, and Corinne,
Ariz. * *>"*
Alameda Council had twelve candi
dates to initiate at ita meeting last
week. •
During the last two weeks Home
Council of the Order of Pendo Ini
tiated eleven candidates and at the
last meeting several applications were
presented. •
Order of Pendo.
Ivy Lodge, Knights of Honor, at Its
last* held meeting initiated five
strangers and received two applica
tions. The new members and the ap
plicants are each less than 25 years of
age.
Liberty Lodge on Jhe first Monday
In May initiated two~strangers and re
ceived two applications. One of the
candidates Initiated is the son of Grand
lodge is actively at work preparing for
Assistant Dictator B. E. George. This
Knights of Honor.
The grand matron of the Order of the
Eastern Star, accompanied by the
grand patron, and the grand associate
matron paid an official visit last week
to Oak Leaf Chapter in Oakland and
the visitors were greeted by a very
large number of members of the order.
Two candidates were initiated and then
followed speechmaking and the presen
tation of a cut glass vase filled with
pink carnations to the grand matron. A
banquet followed the closing of the
chapter.'
The grand matron also paid a visit to
Woodbridge Chapter and to Iona Chap
ter at Davisville.
Naomi Chapter of Sacramento at its
anniversary celebration, which is to bo
the silver anniversary, will present
each person present a silver coffee
spoon as a souvenir of the occasion.
Golden Gate Chapter is making ar
rangements to celebrate its thirty-fifth
anniversary some time during the cur
rent month.
District Deputy Grand Matron Mrs.
A. Christensen paid an official visit last
week to San Francisco Chapter. The
visit was one of Instruction and advice
for the members of the chapter only,
and was a very pleasant and Instruc
tive one. On the third Monday in May
the grand matron will pay an official
visit to this chapter.
Beulah Chapter at its last meeting
initiated three strangers In a manner
that won for the* officers the highest
commendations of the visitors. . ../,:
Order of Eastern Star.
The members of Laurel Lodge had
an old-time jinks in the Crystal Hall
of the Pythian Castle last Tuesday
night. There were present a large
number of Sir Knights, who enjoyed a
novel and , interesting programme of
entertainment.
Golden Gate Lodge No. 3, K. O. P.,
will celebrate its thirty-fifth anniver
sary by a ball In Stein way Hall, May
27. The Invitations request that all
military men who shall attend appear
in uniform. This lodge at its last meet
ing had the knight rank conferred on
three candidates by a team of the
Unity Lodge. McKInley Company No.
3 was present In uniform and after the
work of the evening all partook of an
excellent supper.
The grand keeper of records and
seal visited Bakersfield recently, where
the next convention of the Grand
Lodge is to be held, and completed all
preliminary arrangements for the ses
sion, which will open May 16. •
The Pythians of Fresno are of the
opinion that a Pythian lodge should
not be a cheap concern, for Fresno
Lodge No. 13$ has increased its fee
from $15 to $35. ,
Grand Keeper of Records and Seal.
Schaffner delivered an interesting lec
ture on Pythianism before Alemania
Lodge on April 20. Last Wednesday
evening the lodge was addressed on
"Lights and Shadows of Pythianism"
by Supreme Representative L. S. Calk
ins, r.
Zeri Kappln Temple oY the Knights
of Pythias will elect officers for the
ensuing term at its session next
Wednesday.
Golden City Lodge conferred the
knight rank on a number of eligible3
at its session last week. '.'. 7 >
Knights of Pythias.
Brigadier General Tickner, Colonel
Seeley, Captain Edward Finley, Lieu
tenant C. Smith and a number of the
members of the divisions of San Fran
cisco, Golden West, Sacramento and
Oakland were the special guests a
short time since at a ball given
by Stockton Division. There was
a competitive drill that night, and the
honors were awarded • to the Sacra
mento contingent. -
coma, /Wash., attached. The officers
are: Uarlton W. Seeley, colonel; Lieu
tenant Hill of Sacramento, lieutenant
colonel; Captain Montgomery of
Golden West Tent major of the First,
Cap'tain Riley of San Jose of the Sec
ond and Captain Hilton of San Jose
of the Third Battalion. The staff offi
cers are: Dr. B. F. Stenson, regi
mental surgeon, with rank of captain;
Second Lieutenant George V. Leroi,
quartermaster, with rank of captain;
Second Lieutenant George L. Morgan
adjutant of the First, C. P. Harding
of the Second and First Sergeant W.
II. Eddingrton of the Third Battalion.
The division of the First Battalion
had a drill In Oakland on the first
Friday in May.
PEOPLE WELL KNOWN
IN VARIOUS LODGE
ROOMS.
During April the supreme office issued
fifty certificates, and there are quite a
number that are waiting action by the
supreme officers.
On ¦ the third Wednesday in April
- - >
San Francisco Assembly of the Lin
coln Annuity Union celebrated In, a
good old fashioned way the third
month of its existence. Nine candi
dates were initiated, increasing the
membership to 101. After the. close
of business there was a programme of
music, songs and literary numbers,
followed-'by the serving of ice cream
and cakes, after which there was
whist playing for an hour and then
dancing. This assembly will have a
picnic at Piedmont May 8, when the
members of Assembly No. 3 will as
sist.
At the last meeting of Lincoln As
sembly five candidates were initiated.
This assembly is making Arrange
ments for a social event in the near
future.
Lincoln Annuity Union.
During April a new companion court
was instituted by Deputy W. R. Uber
at.Vlsalia and the same night another
was instituted at Los Angeles by
Deputy Deckman.
The board of San Francisco depu
ties, or rather President Murphy, Sec-
Yetary Kuss and Messrs- Wheeler and
Reimers of the board, paid a visit last
week to Court Seal Rock and ad
dressed the meeting on the subject of
.It- has been finally decided that in
the present membership contest there
Fhall not be class initi-Ttion in each
< : .ourt in San Francisco, but that there
fthall be another class initiation of
.candidates secured by each court in
some large hall. President Murphy
of the board of deputies was ap
pointed chief ranger of the team- that
prfall confer the degree and he to
.have the selection of those who are to
ucsist him. In this contest the court
showing the greatest gain In mem
• tf rship and the one making the great
ost g'ain on the basis of percentage of
members will each be awarded a pair
of silver mounted gavels.
Companion Court Yerba Buena has
.a»poi«ted a committee to arrange for
an at home June 9 in the Laurel Hall
of the Shiels building.
"•The, visit of Deputy Supreme Chief
Ranger Stewart and High Treasurer
Cameron to Sacramento last ; week,
w.here there was a Joint session of
Courts Sierra and Sutter, was a pleas
cnt and interesting one at which the
visitor* made stirring addresses on the
subiect of work for the organization.
Incidentally there was some talk about
organizing a companion court in that
city, and this was so favorably re
ceived that the preliminary 6teps for
starting such a court were taken. The
hi£h treasurer entertained the mem
bers with funny stories, and was voted
the prince of entertainers in the order.
The vice high chief ranger will in a
short, time pay a visit to the court in
San JLafael for the purpose of en
thu/lng the membership there.
The prospects for a new companion
court in this city are very flattering.
Court Sierra and Court Sutter, Inde
pendent Order. of Foresters, were vis
fied last week by Supreme Deputy
Chief Ranger Stewart and High Treas
urer Cameron. They addressed the
membership at some length and urged
the organization of a companion court
of the order.
The encampment of Royal Foresters
r.as gjven an order for twenty-five uni
forms, and in a short time that branch
p* the Foresters will be in a position
io appear uniformed at official visits
and'on street parades.
' The masquerade ball given In Frank
lin Hall last week by Court Golden
Oate. assisted by the companion court
of that name, was well attended and
many .were attired in fantastic cos
tumes, while quite a number appeared
in, rich and handsome attire. The affair
was- well conducted, to the credit of the
committee that had It In charge.
Last week members of the Board of
San Francisco Deputies and the high
treasurer visited Court Precita, when
there was considerable talk for the
benefit of the order.
Independent Foresters.
San Fran,cisco Assembly at its
meeting last Tuesday had work
in the Initiatory degree in the
amplified form. The ceremony of
initiation, one df the most interesting
and impressive that has ever been de
vised by a fraternal association, was
presented in a creditable manner. This
assembly is making arrangements for
an aggresive campaign, with the idea
of increasing the membership. There
were several addresses under good for
the order. . >
During the past week the San Fran
cisco Artisians have been quite active.
On the first Monday in May Silver Leaf
Assembly had a good attendance of
members in Forester Hall on Eddy
street, when, under the 'rules of the
order, there was a game of progres
sive whist before the opening of the
meeting. In the absence of the master
artisan. Mrs. Jennie McE. Galbreath.
assistant grand master artisan, pre
sided. A great deal of business was
disposed of with dispatch. Under the
head of good of the order there were
addresses by a number of master
artisans, including Assistant Grand
Master Artisan H. A. Sibray, Assistant
Grand Master Artisian Mrs. Galbreath,
Master Artisan Dr". Charles E. Leit
head and a number of others.
The several assemblies of the order
In this jurisdiction will in the near fu
ture each give a social evening for the
entertainment of members, friends and
acquaintances, and on each occasion
there will be an excellent programme
of varied numbers. The members will
be duly advised of the time set for
the events.
United Artisans.
Thomas H. Carr has been appointed
special deputy for San Francisco
Lodge and proposes to start a boom
with the idea of increasing the mem
bership of that lodge to 500.
Aurora and Western Addition lodges
have each started in on a membership
campaign, and after each haa closed
its business for the evening It proviSes
entertainment v for members and their
friends.
test with Mission Lodge in the matter
of securing and initiating new mem
bers, had ten candidates to receive the
degree last week. Mission Lodge has
sent the following message to Co
lumbia Lodge: "Mission Lodge does
not care how many candidates Colum
bia initiates, Mission will go it several
better."
Next morning he started for the Ri
viera and died at Nice a month later.
Lovers of the famous hymn -vill be
interested to know of the efforts made
on behalf of the rebuilding fund, In
connection with which a matinee will
be given on May 10 at Grosvenor
House and will be patronized by Prin
cess Christian.
He wrote "Abide With Me" on th*
last evening he spent at Brixham, sif
ter preaching to his flock for the last
time. The sun was setting over the
red sailed ships that lay in the har
bor as he finished his noble prayer.
LONDON. May 7. — The Church
Union Gazette relates a most inter
esting story of the memorial which is
being raised at Brixham (Devonshire)
in memory of the Rev. Henry Francis
Lyte, who, sixty years ago. wrote that
well known hymn, "Abide With Me."
The narrative is related in connec
tion with a final effort of a thirty
years' scheme to rebuild the church of
Lower Brixham, at which Mr. Lyte
ministered, and although £70^0 has
been raised £2000 Is still required.
The author of "Abide With Me" la
bored among the fishermen of Brix
ham for twenty-five years, refusing all
offers of preferment.
At the age of 54 he realized that he
must die of consumption and he»
prayed that he might write something
which would live.
Author of Famous Hymn Prayed to
AVrite Something That Would
Live.
Mizpah Court of the Tribe of Ben
Hur at its meeting on the last Monday
in April had a large attendance ami
the initiation of several candidates in
amplified form, the work being present
ed in a most excellent manner. At the
close of the business of the evening
the members had a "kaffeeklatich." At
the first meeting in May there will be
the monthly social evening, entertain
ment and dance.
»
WROTE "ABIDE WITH ME**
AFTER HIS LAST SERMOX
•
Tribe of Ben Hur.
At the nineteenth annual session of
the convention of the Ladies of the
Grand Army the following named were
elected department officers for the cur
rent term: Mrs. Martha J. Herrick of
Eureka, president; Mrs. M. A. Drew of
San Jose, senior vice commander; Mrs.
N. B. Ireland of Los Angeles. Junior
vice president; Mrs. Belle Ingram ot
Los Angeles, treasurer, and Mrs. L.
Talbot of Los Angeles, chaplain. The
convention was well attended by dele
gates from all parts of the jurisdiction.
Ladies of Grand Army.
On the last Friday In April there was
a large gathering of the members of
San Francisco Tent of the Maccabees
and their friends in the Pioneer build
ing, on the occasion of the smoker and
entertainment given under the direction
of Sir Knights Bear, Hcidorn and Hal
lowell, the committee on talent, assisted
by Sir Knight Hari/y A. Knox. The pro
gramme included selections by the
Maccabee Mandolin and Guitar Club,
Sir Knight Emil Heidoni, leader; tenor
solo, C. E. Edwards; selections by the
Heldenberg quartet; cello duet, Sir
Knights Deltz and Augenblick; bary
tone solo, Clarence Andrews; ChineaR
band by members of Troop A, N. G. C. ;
monologue and songs, Emil Gambella;
German specialties by Messrs. Bradley
and Wright; the De Vaughns In
songs and dances and Guy Wilson in
funny stories of the Actors' Amuse
ment Association. Cigars and refresh
ments were served. Great Commander
S. W. Hall spoke for the good of the
order. Past Commander George V. Le
xoiwas the sire of the Jinks.
The Past Commanders' Association
was organized last, week In Oakland
with a membership of forty past com
manders, who selected the following
named as officers for the first term:
Great Commander S. W. Hall, past
commander; Great Past Commander
H. L. Tickner, commander, and J. L.
Fine, record keeper. The next feview
will be Held In San Francisco on the
second Friday in June. This associa
tion proposes to hold monthly meetings
In a different locality each month with
the idea of uniting all commanders and
past commanders Into a society t for the
purpose of promoting the best interests
of the order in the several tents in
this Jurisdiction. During each review
ftiteresting papers wi>! be read and thi3
will be followed by a banquet.
San Francisco Hive No. 8 had .an
open meeting last week at which there
were present a large number of Sir
Knights who were entertained with a
pleasing programme of music, songs
and literary numbers.
The Thirteenth Regiment of the Uni
form Rank of the Maccabees recently
organized and" mustered in, is made up
of divisions located in San Frand3co,
Oakland, San Jose, Santa Cruz, Vallejo,
Stockton, Sacramento and Santa Rosa
in California, with Seattle- and Ta-
The Maccabees.
Mrs. Linda G. Malloy, grand outside
watch of the Degree of Honor, has
gone to Byron Springs, where she will
remain during the season.
Forget'-Me-Not Lodge, at its last
meeting in April, had work in the in
itiatory degree and received one appli
cation. Under good of the order
the mepting was addressed by Past
Grand Master E. Danforth, Grand Re
corder C. T. • Spencer. Mrs. C. T.
Spencer. Miss Pearl Olive Miller, sec
retary of Carnation Lodge, and E. C.
Stock of Forget-Me-Not. It is prob
able that the lodge will start a visita
tion committee out after the lodges of
the A. O. U. W. to get the members
thereof interested in the Degree of
Honor.
The Past Masters' Association held
a meeting on the first Monday in May,
when, after the routine of business
the Mogulian degree was conferred on
several candidates.
Fairmount Lodge was consolidated
last week with Alta Lodge by Grand
Recorder Spencer in Mangels Hall
in the presence of many members of
the order. The ceremony was followed
by addresses by Deputy Grand Master
Hirshberg, Grand Receiver Booth and
District Deputy Hansen, after which
there was a collation.
The proceedings of the session of the
Grand Lodge recently held at Fresno
have been corrected, and the journal
will be ready for distribution during
the- current week.
It is full of sound .instructions, and if
these are heeded good results to the
order are sure to fallow.
Tiburon Lodge will have an anni
versary celebration on May X4. when
there will be an entertainment and
dancing. A steam -launch will convey
a delegation of grand officers and spe
cial guilts to destination and return
them early in the morning.
, During April the grand recorder paid
death claims amounting to $51,000.
Grand Regent Jones has appointed
all his deputies to assist him in the
work of the order for the current Ar
canum year.
The grand regent is considering a
number of plans for prize offerings to
stimulate the members to better work
during hi& term.
A new council will shortly be organ
ized at Long Search by D. S. Stratton.
Argonaut Council gave its first mem
bership league banquet in the banquet
hall of the Pioneer building last week.
There were many of the members
present and after the supper and an
address of congratulation by Orator J.
I. Macks, there was an oratorical feast,
addresses being delivered by Regent
Gilbert B. Tulley, J. J. Tobln, Sitting
Past Grand Regent Gunzendorfer,
George W. Schlndele and G. H. Bart
lett. M. S. de Roco entertained the
members with humorous stories.
The councils are working for a large
class initiation in a short time.
On the third Thursday in April the«e
was a large. attendance at the meeting
of Buena Vista Council of the Royal
Arcanu*n. A number of applications
were presented. On behalf of the
Grand Council Gus Gunzendorfer, S. P.
G. R., presented the council a beau
tiful silver-mounted gavel, one of the
prizes offered to the council showing
the greatest increase through the in
dividual work of the members. This
was followed by the presentation of a
gold Arcanum button to each of the
members who assisted to secure the
gavel for the council. The past grand
regent then redeemed his own pledge.
to the council by presenting to it an
additional lot of members' badges,
which were accepted on behalf of the
council by Past Regent William V. N.
Bay. When the presentation feature
of the evening had been concluded ad
dresses were made by Messrs. Maxwell
G. Bugbee of Alameda Council; H. G.
Bartlett. past regent, and William A.
Butterfield, vice regent of Golden West
Council; A. N. Eshleman, A. R. Bab
cock and William . V. N. Bay. The
evening was closed with whist, the
members and visitors indulging in an
other game in the series now in prog
ress in this council.
Royal Arcanum.
The Ladies' Auxiliary of Camp
Reinhold Richter. United Spanish War
Veterans, at its meeting on the last
Friday in April in the band room of
the Page-street armory, had-' a very
pleasant meeting, when a great deal
of important business was transacted.
The auxiliary will take part in the
decoration ceremonies Memorial day
and will decorate a number of the
graves of heroes of the late Spanish-
American war. It will pay particular
attention to the graves of those sol
diers who have n<% relatives in this
city to strew beautiful flowers
over their resting place. The auxiliary
meets every Friday night, and there
will be ready at each meeting to re
ceive application for membership from
relatives of those who served in the
late war.
Spanish Veterans' Auxiliary.
the membership contest now on in this
city and in Los Angeles. During the
evening there was a programme of en
tertainment and a collation. Secre
tary Cameron of the visited court gave
an exhibition of his skill as an enter
tainer. During the remainder of the
week members of the board visited
Court Southern Heights. Court Yerba
Buena and companion court of T.hat
name in joint session in the Shiels
building and Courts Diana and Al
cyone at Sherman Hall in the Pioneer
building. :\
Jan. Finances— Z. T. Whitten, P. J.
Joyce, Dr. E. Kemp van Ee. State of
the order— Fredericka Weber, Emma
T. ParKer and H. C. Traphagan. Cre
dentials—Emma It. O'Donnell, Nellie
Dockery and T. H. Berkey.
Aurora Lodge, at. its last held meet-
Ing, tendered a congratulatory recep
tion to Mrs. Frances J. Williams, re
cently elected grand protectress. She
is a member of that lodge and has al
ways been active worker for it.
Martha Lodge, on the occasion of its
last held meeting in April, tendered a
reception to its chaplain, Mrs. M.
Koehler, on the eve of her departure
for Europe, where she is to visit rela
tives and friends. The lodge decided
to tender her a farewell supper, when
H. Koehler, her husband, who Is the
proprietor of a downtown dining room,
announced that he had anticipated the
lodge, having prepared a banquet for
his wife and her friends of the order.
He then .invited all present to be his
guests. The invitation was accepted
and sixty partook of the feast that had
been prepared. The repast was fol
lowed by speechmaking and the ex
pression of good wishes for the intend
ing traveler and a safe return.
A new fraternal, patriotic, protec
tive and social organization has been
started in this city, with the following
named officers of the highest branch
of the order, known as the senate:
J. L. M. Shetterley, past president; M.
D. Hadley, president; E. A. Nash, vice
president; R. M. Brown, secretary,
and E. B. Reed, treasurer. The first
assembly of the order, which la called
the American, was Instituted in the
Pioneer building last week with fifty
nine charter members and fifty ap
plications. The following named were
elected officers for the current term:
J. Boland Fitch, orator: Richard
Keene. chairman; Viola Lunn. vice
chairman; S. Reedhead, recorder; V.
C. Van Etten, financier; Julia Barton,
chaplain; Lena Weiner senior and
Annie L. Healey junior sergeant;
Laura Keene. sentinel; H. C. Par
ker, guard.
Americans.
At tlM next session of the Supreme
-Grant! Circle of the Companions of the
*v,re«=t Mrs. George J. Derger, at pres
ett gTand sub-chief compan-
Vn> will be in line for advancement to
the next higher office, but it Is the
'.talk" in the local circles that a candi
date will be placed in nomination
against her for the office.
• M. C. Pacheco, who is a delegate
from the court in Honoiulu, H. I., to
ihe- Subsidiary High Court, arrived in
tnis city last week.
Thp literary recital given by the pu
fi'.s of Miss Trypnena Lilac Pritchard,
the mascot of Loyal Circle of the Com
*j«anions of the Forest, A- O. F-. in
Steitiway Hall on the last Saturday in
"April, was attended by a large num
ber of the members of the order and
others who in the past have been
inarmed with the wonderful elocu
1 ttonary 'powers of Miss Pritchard.
There were nineteen numbers on the
• y.fojrramme. w hich were contributed by
the Juvenile Band of the Foresters,
jlosie Klein. Walter Spring. Selda
¦ Pafilsen. Martha Davis. Sadie Boyd.
' Artie Feely. Klsie Neuman, Martha
Davis, Edna Boyd. Clarence Krone.
iriFie Neuman, Rose Klein. Freda
Rehn, Ruth Rer.tchler, Miss Eva
•Winckleman. Miss Freda Kahrau. Mrs.
.S. Hawkins. Miss Tryphena L. Pritch
?-rd and John and William Falconer.
The tirogTarnme concluded with * "Red
¦ Riding Hood.** a sketch, in which" Miss
PriXchard took part. All the partici
pants were loudly applauded, but none
ro much as Miss Pritchard, who gave
"a recitation and an encore. The For
. esters' Juvenile band, an aggregation
of bright youngsters, furnished music
for dancing, which followed the liter
ary numbers.
« At the session of the Subsidiary High
Ctrurt of the Ancient Order of Foresters
which will open May 10 a special de
irree team of Court Apollo will exem
plify the new side degree.
Court Pacific Grove was Instituted at
Pacific Grove April 23 by Deputy High
Chief Ranger Field, assisted by Past
Chief Ranger Frank Cogan of San Jose.
i>eputy Field has been ordered to Sut
ler" Creek. Amador County, to assist
the court there located.
The' reports received at the office of
Permanent Secretary John Falconer
fhov? that during the quarter ending
March 31 nearly twelve hundred
* trenpers were initiated into the order.
O» the night of the last Thursday
fn April Court Twin Peaks had a
Forty-niners' party in its hall, Seven
teeriijj and Noe streets. There was a
pleasing entertainment, which con
cluded with a fketch entitled "The
.La'dvFrom Philadelphia." Nearly all
the members of the court were attired
in tjie apparel that marked "the days
of gold."
. -The second social dance given by the
Various courts, circles and juvenile
-branches of the order under the
..ruspices of the Picnic Association will
be ..given at 102 O'Farrell street on the
Cven'mg of May 14.
The executive board of the Compan
"icne of the Forest will pay an official
¦wisrt to the circle in Pinole on May 9.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
the Knights of Honor picnic to be held
at Camp Taylor, May 20.
Grand Dictator Archibald left last
week for the southern part of the State
to visit the lodges in Los Angeles and
San Diego counties. The lodge in Los
Angeles during Marcjj and April ini
tiated seventeen strangers.
The entertainment to be given June
8, under the auspices of the Past Dic
tators' Afisoclation, in the Laurel Hall
of the Shiels building, promises to be
one of the grandest social events ever
given in the name of this order.
18
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1904
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMWealthy American Popular in London.
One of\the most successful leap year
balls In London this season was given
by Gustav Natorp, an extremely
wealthy American who is known to
everybody in London society. The cotil
lon took place at Mr. Natorp's studio.
Interesting in view of the "Camille"
craze -that is at present raging in the
East is the following dictum of Tschai
kowsky's on Arensky's choice of the
Dumas story as the basis of a sym
phonic poem. It is from modest Tchal
kowsky on Arensky's choice of the
brother— a book of first interest to all
musicians and any one who rejoices
in illuminative biography. In a let
ter to his friend, in art the composer
wrote: "It pained and wounded me and
all your friends to learn that you had
chosen such a subject. How can . a
cultivated musician pass by Homer.
Shakespeare, Gogol, Puschkin, Dante,
Tolstoi, Lermont-off and others to in
terest himself in a production ( of Mr.
Dumas, the younger, which has for a
subject the adventure of a public punk,
when this adventure is described In a
fundamentally false, sentimental man
ner, and not without vulgarity, al
though with French skill and effect?"
The Eastern critics have almost to
a man| by the way, taken the recent
"Camille" productions anything but
seriously. The falsity of the sentiment
is throughout insisted upon and the
drama declared obsolete in the most
absolute sense. Nor have the actors
therein received little but blame for
"Masters In Music" devotes this
month's space to consideration of Jo
hann Strauss, the waltz king. There
are many interesting articles In the
connection and the musical illustra
tions include some four of the compos
er's jnost popular waltzes.
This concert is under the direction of
Dr. H. J. Stewart of f5an Francisco.
The soloists will be Miss Caroline H.
Little, soprano; Mrs. L. Snider-John
son, contralto; Nathan Landsberger,
violinist; S. Komer Henley, barytone.
Numbers will be given also by the Uni
versity Glee Club and by a string quar
tet. The charge for admission will be
25 cents.
Wheeler, Professgr W. C. Jones. Pro
fessor C« H. Rieber. Professor J. T. Al
len, Professor G. C. Edwards, Warren
Olney, Dr. Jessica Peixotto. Mrs. L. J.
Richardson. Mrs. JI. L. Cheney and
Dr. Mary B. Ritter. chairman.
It is the Tivoli week this week, with
the first production here of "A Run
away Girl," a new musical comedy that
has 600 nights of a run in London and
a 300 nights' run in New York to its
credit.
-¦ Miss Dora de FiHppe, the dainty lit
tle soubrette who has so far hardly had
fitting opportunity for the display of
.The Theater Magazine for May con
tains tjie first of a series of articles
to be devoted to "Famous Families of
American Players." The opening pa
per is taken up with the Booths, giving
the history of this celebrated theatri
cal family, from the time of Junius
Brutus Booth's historic quarrel with
Edmund Keah down to the death of
his illustrious son, Edwin, in New
York in 1893." The article is profusely
illustrated with rare photographs and
engravings borrowed from important
collections, and they Include a very
scarce, autograph of., John . Wilkes
Booth, who killed President Lincoln.
Other articles in the : series will be
devoted to the Jeffersons, the, Drews,
the Hacketts, the Boucicaults, etc. In
the same Jssue of the magazine there
is an interesting interview. with Wilton
Lackaye, in which that artistic player
Sir Thomas' Lipton. who generally
can be counted on to assist any move
ment or scheme that has as its ob
ject the advancement of Ireland's in
terests, has agreed to co-operate with
the number of Irish writers who are
trying to popularize Irish literature in
the United States. It is proposed to
issue a volume of original essays,
poems and stories under the auspices
of the Irish section of the St
Louis Exposition and to this volume
Dr. Slgerson, ' Dr. Douglas Hyde,
W. B. Yeats. Miss Jane Barlow. Mrs.
Hinkoon (Katherine Tynan). Mrs.
Clement' Shorter. T. P. Gill and Steph
en O wynne with others will contrib
ute. The book^wlll be published in
Ireland and copyrighted in the Unit
ed States and the proceeds of the sale
will be devoted to the objects of th*
publication of neglected Irish ilMs., to
provide a fund for the erection of
memorial tablets to deceased Irish
authors and the encouragement of
young Irish writers by offering prises
for literary works.
Liptoi} In a New Role.
LONDON, May 7.— Admiral Mel
ville, formerly" chief of the Bureau of
Steam - Engineering the United
States navy,' now making an Investi
gation here with respect to the appli
cation of the turbine principle to
American battleships, thinks a good
deal is yet to be done before turbines
can be so utilized.
Comparing the British and Amer
ican marine engineers, Admiral Mel
ville said to an English interviewer: !
"Without the smallest desire to
boast, stating simply what I am cer
tain Is a fact, I consider/ our men
brighter, • better educated, more, tem
perate and In every way better work
ers. I am referring now to the ordi
nary hands. v As to the upper ranks of
the service, I\do not doubt you have
individuals as good as we have, but I
think our general average is higher^
"Taking our, men all around, I fancy
they are better equipped, and I haven't
a /doubt as to the cause of this su
periority—our. public education."
"Have you noticed many differences
otherwise between: our." .ways' and your
own ?" he was asked.
"Little or none," he answered.
"Marine; engineering is the same now
adays all the -world over. All nations
know what others are doing and there
are no trade secrets." V
Admiral 3Iel\ille Says the Yankees
Are Superior to t*hc
Englishmen.
SPEAKS IN PRAISE OF
AMERICAN ENGINEERS
•Max— getting the best of the long man
in their piece. One is, however, denied
one of -the situation's subtler satisfac
tion?; It would be distinctly pleasur
~He"VD see the short -ender plant a re
r-jrn kick on the abdominal frontage of
tiie other fellow. Every long-suffering
ha.bitue of Fischer's would gloat at the
impact. Not that one desires the Rog
• crs*' Dill to n venpe the Fischer Dills
r-uch-be'abored prow. "T would be im
j enblel But a change is always wel
come. However, the Rogers brothers
ife disinclined to kicking, except as to
critics. .
"Are you the short one?" I asked Mr.
Kogers as introduction. I shouldn't
b&ve known him -anywhere.
•"Nil. I'm 'the long one." the long one
answervd. "Not that there's much in
it."
.•There isn't. Mr. Rogers had the bet
r'f of my five fe*»t four by perhaps two
inches, I thought.
* -"Mai is still fating." he explained, as
• »•« Bat down to wait for the short man.
. i?<*then told me. on my cordial praise
" of "The Ropers Brothers in London"
eg a production, that it was brought
intact from New York- On the sins of
thos*- who send znd bring to San Fran
< ,p~o the shoddy Imitations of New
' Yor"k_ we then discoursed
until Mr. Gus decided that Mr. Max
. kad* had enough to eat and. went to
. KoUj, him out of the remainder of his
]:r.'henn. So Is one deceived by ap-
I# a'ranops. History doth not record
if the Kolb kick was used as persua
.AiJ inch less, blonde, blue and merry
. ttt £ye, and with a satisfied and festive
efrVihe other Rogers made his appear
ance.*- Nothing but their extreme un
•"likc-ness could persuade to the belief
that- the Rogers brothers are brothers.
. ' Gus" owns a face round as a dollar,
• well covered with a pair of big, soft,
pathetic, black eyes, goodly nose and
soft, heavy lips. His hair is as black
'ari-j straight as his brother's is fair
and kinky. He laughs as seldom as
• Max" looks sober— which was not at
all the day I saw him. In fact, the
difference is of feature, color, expres
sion, everything— until they begin to"
talk. They are then very Dromlos.
".Very glad to meet you," "Max"
*.aid in his brother's voice, then asked
an. employe where the parlors were. It
viis decided that there was too large
nn audience for our chat In the~hall.
The man did not know.
• "He doesn't know," Max passed \m
to me. "he only works here."
Weber and Fields came up as soon
.as we reached the r>arlors — as hand
pnme as one of the Rogers* Brothers*
rets!
' 'They always compare us with Web
"••r. a*rrf Fields." Gus began. He looked
vfry much at home on the frail gilt
' hair he took, with the massive mirror
. btiind hira.
"Arid they shouldn't," Max com
plained. ' "Some of you people have
done it. too. We don't want to be
«->rapared with them. Our shows aj-e
different. Weber and Fields' are bur-
holder and put it then: "Well, there's
where you're out. We saw , in Phila
delphia." Gus recalled, "E. H. Sothern
playing Hamlet to two rows of seats, a
man whose name should draw with
anything. Now, it's a cinch that the
public didn't want Shakespeare."
"A case of being too good," I began.
"ToVgood or~not good enough, it's all
the same, so far as success goes." Gus
settled It, a fat forefinger in the air
for emphasis.
And there you have it. Sir garret
genius and starveling poet— the way to
success and the St. Francis. To be just
good enough, nor to wander In far fields
of asphodel, nor haunt the heights
where the sunlight quivers into an or
chid. Stay downstairs with the rest of
the folk. Give 'em what they want —
not what they need— so shall ybur re
ward be great in the kingdom of
shekels!
So far as it goes the Rogers brothers'
artistic honesty is absolute. They give
full weight of what they have to give.
If it says "110 people"" on the bills of
their show you will get the 110 people.
If it sayg the "New York production in
tact" you will have It to the last chorus
girl. You can almost be sure of the
diamonds! A curious instance of con
science In the small thing turned up.
It was a matter of a button.
Gus, apropos of productions, asked
me if I had noted the costers' buttons
In the coster chorus.
"We sent to Europe for those," he in
formed me. He put up two fingers and
continued naively: "Two dollars apiece
they cost us. They're silver. Now, we
could have saved $300 on that chorus
alone if we'd had bone buttons. But we
didn't. For why? Because we wanted
it as perfect as money could make It.
And it is."
"The people seemed to think pretty
well of it last night," I contributed.
"San Francisco's all right," both
Rogers brothers declared.
"We were tickled to death with our
reception last night," Max confessed.
"It's the nearest thing to New York
there Is. We don't bar nowhere — Bos
ton, Chicago. Philadelphia, anything
there is. You got on to our points as
fast as we made 'em. . Didn't miss a
thing."
"That double 'entender* "—Gus likes
it that way— "about the automobile and
the girl. You hitched right on. In some
places they just thought the poor man"
— nodding at Max — "had made a real
mistake. Never laughed. That sort of
surprises you unpleasantly, you know."
"We've had a good education In your
kind of thing here," I offered In expla
nation of our phenomenal intelligence.
"Do yqu think we don't know it?"
Mat laughed. "Why, we were more
nervous about opening here than on our
first night in Buffalo. We heard all
along the line that there wasn't any
room for us after Cobbs and Pills — "
"Kolb and Dill," I corrected.
"And Weber and Fields were before
us, and our own shows down at the
Grand Opera^ouse. Then the Orpheum
has had seme of our songs, and so on.
It's hard to be last."
Gustav Natorp is an authority on
cooking, of which he knows probably
more than many famous chefs. His
views on this subject are acknowledg
ed to be most sound and the greatest
epicures speak of his luncheons as
something to be remembered always.
He Is so enthusiastic about the per
fect preparation of food that he has
himself written a book on cookery,
which, however, is not for sale, but.
in a beautiful edition de luxe, is a gift
,that he presents personally to his
friends. His notable lunches invaria
bly take place at his beautiful house in
Ennismore Gardens, where he has for
his opposite neighbor the Dowager
• Lady "Eaher.
Natorp is an expert fly fisher and his
wife Is also known as a trout fisher
woman. At one lime they rented In
verlochy Castle from the late Lord
Ablnger and they are now on the out
look for a similar place, where they
may pursue their favorite sport.
which adjoins his house in Ennismore
Gardens, the host being a very well
known and clever amateur sculptor.
On several occasions he has exhibited
examples of his work at the Royal
Academy. He is also a painter of more
than average ability.
It is from house property in New
York that Mr. Natorp derives most of
his great wealth, though he Is a part
ner in Vickers' Sons & Maxim. Limited,
the famous armament firm, which was
founded by his uncle. Although a tre
mendous catch in the matrimonial mar
ket fcr so many years, it was not until
two or three years ago that Natorp
married an English lady whose sister
is just about to make her debut as a
professional singer. The latter is ex
tremely beautiful, while Mrs. Natorp
is always remembered for her beauti
ful figure and charming manners. Both
Mr. and Mrs. Natorp are great friends
of Mrs. Ronalds, who is always among
the most prominent of Americans In
London society. x
Berkeley graduates and others — will
be interested in the following an
nouncement of this afternoon's concert
at the Greek Theater, Berkeley:
This afternoon ; at 3 o'clock a sacred
concert will be given in the Greek The-,
ater of the University of California for
the benefit. of the clubhouse loan fund.
This i fuxfof is designed to enable stu
dents who wish to form house clubs to
provide suitable furnishings for ', them.
Two such clubs have been In successful
operation for,, four years. The fund is
administered by a board of trustees
consisting of President and Mrs. B. I.
• . •-',-•
The programme of Dr. H. J. Stew
art's concert, which takes place at
Steinway Hall on Thursday evening.
May 12. contains many attractive nov
elties. Several of Dr. Stewart's recent
ly published songs will be heard for the
first time in public and among. these
may be mentioned "Contrasts" and "A
Boat Song" (Mrs. Carrie B. Dexter);
"A Winter Love Song" (Mrs. L. Sni
der-Johnson); "A Little Way^' (Miss
Ella V. McClosKey); "For Love of
Thee*' (Miss Camille Frank); "A Cali
fornia Night Song." with 'cello obllgato
(Mrs. Wallace Wheaton Briggs); "The
Lords of Song" and %The Angelus" (S.
Homer Henley). Mrs. Blanche King
Arnold will sing Beethoven's "Ade-
Ialda" and "In questa tomba," and
Paul Friedhof er will contribute some
violoncello solos. The concerted music
includes the celebrated trio of the
Rhine-Maidens, from Wagner's ','Got
terdammerung."
An event of exceptional interest
will be the first presentment here of
Elgar's "Dream of Gerontlus," to
be given by the San Francisco Musical
Club on May 19 at Stelnwa'y Hall un
der the direction of Dr. H. J. Stew
art. * • 'J-'
An odd song or two is all that has
yet reached us of the Elgar composi
tions. Yet only a few weeks ago Lon
don held a three-day Elgar festival,
at which the musician was acclaimed
as the foremost English composer of
the day. His programmes show a
wide range of theme. Tone poems,
cantatas, symphonies, songs were all
Included,; Dr. Elgar appearing him
self as conductor. The "Dream of
Gerontlus" is recognized as one of his
most valuable compositions.
their misdirected effort In its revival.
William Winter simply mentions the
names of the members of the two chief
companies— Virginia Harned's and that
of Henry Miller and Margaret Anglih—
with the caustic comment that it Is not
of the slightest importance by whom
the drama was played. "The Matinee
Girl" in the Dramatic Mirror con
descends to a little serious criticism.
Acute as always, she touches a finger
to the weak spot, in Henry Miller's
otherwise admirable Armand. its too
experienced, over mature quality. She
finds in Miss Anglln's Camille an im
possible refinement and In Miss Har
ned's much more of the stained and
morbid creature of the play.
George Tyler is going abroad .to make
arrangements regarding the coming
engagement of Tomaso Salvini in this
country next season. He will also try
to induce Duse to come here.
Olfano, the Italian composer, is at
work on an opera founded on Tolstoi's
"Resurrection."
Henry Savage's latest comic opera
novelty, "Woodland," by Plxley and
Luders, scored a great success in its
initial production at Providence, R. I.
The characters all represent birds.
The costumes merely suggest the birds
represented and are not fitted with
feathers, talons, beaks or other essen
tial things which are found on the real
article. -
• • /
The Theatrical Managers' Associa
tion, after having abolished window
advertising, are going to do away with
bill posting. They intend to . "erect
kiosks similar to those now in use in
Paris, on which theatrical^announce
ments can be made. If they can ob
tain permission from the authorities
to erect these on prominent street cor
ners they say,' they will do so at their
own expense.
• • • '
J. I. C. Clark will dramatize Lew
Wallace's novel "The Prince of India."
and it will probably be produced next
season.
Clara Morris celebrated on April 18
the fortieth anniversary of her first
appearance on the stage. ..When she
went to the theater to prepare for her
performance as Sister Genevieve in
"The Two Orphans" she found her
dressing-room „ beautifully decorated
with flowers.
• *;>& •
INTERESTING . DOINGS
OF THE PLAYER FOLK
'IN EAST AND WEST
Barr and Evans, character comedi
ans, headline the Chutes bills. There
are many new stars in the zoo.
The Orpheum headliner this week is
the English prima donna, Mme. Slapoff
skl. There are many other good num
bers.
The dashing romantio play that will
be the Central's offering this week,
"The Three Musketeers," offers Her
schel Mayall another good chance as
D'Artignan. The Central is making a
record of good plays, well played,
lately. - >)
The Alcazar Is to the fore again with
a new comedy, "The Two Schools,"
said to be veryMunny, and hailing from
the Madison Square Theater, New
The bill of the second week of Mel
bourne MacDowell'8 engagement at the
Grand Opera-house will be the Sardou
"Cleopatra." Mr. MacDowell is ? doing
excellent work this season and finds in
Mies Ethel Fuller, his leading lady,
competent support.
• • •
The Rogers Brothers to-night enter
upon the second week of their highly
successful musical farce, "The Roger
Brothers in London," at the Columbia.
Praise on all hands is heard of the pro
duction.
A highly attractive bill is the Cali
fornia's this week. The play is "Our
New Minister," the wholesome and en
gaging drama that found ho much fa
vor here during Its week's presentation
last season. The cast will be the same
as the competent cast that then pre
sented it with }.he exception of Ernest
Hastings, long and favorably known
here, who will appear in the leading
role. The reappearance of Mr. Hast
ings and the pretty play will doubtless
attract large houses.
congenial scope. The the bril
liant company the Tivoli now numbers
will almost all be represented in the
cast, and the staging is said to be of
unusually splendid order.
COMING WEEK WILL '• ¦
BE REPLETE WTOI
STAR ATTRACTIONS
"But every girl in the show," Gus
contributed, "Just made up her mind to
do her best. They worked like niggers—
we all did. But we were pretty well
scared." •
"You see, we were bound to be com
pared with every one that had gone be
fore, and people get prejudices," the
other brother took it up.
"But you see we get it from the crit
ics for what we're not, 'not for what
we are," Max astutely put it. "Are we
more Dutch than so and so, or— one of
them actually said we were not as good
as E. H. Sothern in 'Hamlet!' Give
you my word."
•'That's the worst," Gus decided. "A
critic don't like our style of show. He's
going to blame us whatever he gets for
our not being something else. Yet he'd
think a man a fool for soaking a cat
for not being a camel. But that'-s
what he does. When he comes in "
"We lose before the curtain goes up,"
Max finished it. "If he comes in to
roast he's going to roast. And he won't
mention the good things. He won't
speak of the Maypole dance, fay — and
ain't it pretty?" he appealed to me.
"Charming." I heartily assented. And
indeed there has been nothing prettier
in stage pictures here than the girls
and gowns and rose garlands and
twinkling feet of the aforesaid dance.
"That cost us about $4000," Gus said.
"Rehearsed every night for three weeks
steady for hours on it. But along comes
a little man with a pencil, and puff!
all your trouble goes for nothing."
"There's a critic in New York," Max
said and smiled as one with memories,
"who does nothing but roast. He got a
reputation that way— got talked about,
that Is. Doesn't count at all now.
Folks know that everything can't be
bad. But every little burg of 50C0 peo
ple between here and N' York has one
of him. He's cute, too. His kind pick
out the good shows to roast particu
larly. They know that they can't get
a reputation on roasting a dinky little
road show. They take, say, Mansfield.
And people say"— the eyes of Gus
opened In respectful wonder along
with his mouth. " 'What do you think!
My sakes! This man has the nerve to
roast Mansfield. He must know a
lot.' "
"But we don't blame him," Gus has
tily interposed. He had been watching
my more or less amused countenance.
"Oh, don't mind me," I laughed out
right. If the actor may not sometimes
criticize the critic where's the justice of
things? Besides, it is interesting to
know what you are supposed to be
doing when you fancy yourself to be
doing something quite different.
Gus evidently thought the attendant
scribe needed further soothing by his
next: "Well, the critic's working for
a name like we all are — the best way
he knows how. But," he added acute
ly* "it's a good way not to copy an
other chap's way if you're looking for
one. What your paper wants, what
your readers want, is you, you, your
way of seeing things, your way of say
ing things. Just as we choose actors."
"At any rate you chose Joseph Coyne
that way," I decided, and some talk of
that elaborately gifted co-median fol
lowed. I hope my warmly expressed
admiration helped him with hlg pro
prietary stars. Mr. Coyne Is the neat
est thing of his kind we have had here.
He is that unusual quantity— a per
sonality. Perhaps the good breeding
and good humor of his Englishman—
the "silly ass" kind—are its salient and
most delightful points, but the part
stands out as a new thing in racial
naivete, a character in the midst of
the vaudeville puppets.
The brothers told me then of their
play-monger, John RIcNally, once city
editor of the Boston Herald.
"McNally says," Gus informed me,
"that those who laugh about how easy
It Is to write vaudeville farce should
try to sling one together. He says 'I'll
write a legitimate play every week for
one farce in six months. It's harder.'
And we. believe he's right.
They left then to attend a ball game
between members of "The Girl From
Dixie" company and their own, and I
came away with a new scale for meas
uring success: "If you can't get the
money, you're no good."
her talents, is cast in the name role of
the piece, in which she is said to find
CARICATURES OF ROG
ERS BROTHERS BY
AN- ACTOR.
Edna Wallace Hopper has made
the expected hit In her vaudeville ven
ture. She plays this month in Shea's
Theater, Toronto, Canada; Temple
Theater, Detroit, Mich.; Empire The
ater, Cleveland, and Cleveland's The
ater, Chicago.
explains the psychology of acting, and
another contribution describes the
personalities of the three funniest
women now on the stage. Millicent
Moone continues her amusing let
ters to actors she has never seen, and
there is an account with pictures of
the Greek play acted by Greeks In
New York recently. The article de
scriptive of "How Theaters Are Man
aged" is continued, the second install
ment dealing with the ( man who
guards the stage door. There is also
the second chapter of the "Confessions
of a Stage Struck Girl," interesting
and amusing pen pictures of the real
theatrical life.
The pictures include a full-page
plate of Clara Morris in "The Two Or
phans," in addition to two other pages
showing scenes from this famous mel
odra/na. * There are also scenes from
Willie Collier's new farce, "The dic
tator," "Saucy Sally," Margaret An«
glln in "Camille," the "Shepherd
King," "Piff, Paff, Pouf," and the "Su
perstition of Sue." The colored cover
shows Miss Eleanor Robson in "Merely
Mary Ann."
lesques; ours is musical farce."
"And we're the stars and proprietors
of our show," Gus said. "It isn't any
collection of stars. We're it. When
we find that we can't fill a theater
ourselves we'll hire others to do it for
us and step down and out."
"We don't want, don't you see." Max
appealed, "no thousand dollar a week
leading ladies and leading men. We
wp.nt to do It ourselves. And we want
to etay together, eh, Gus?"
"I should say," Gus replied, regard
ing his brother and partner with child
like affection. "Weber and Fields, you
see, have gone split. Not for us. Again
now," he resumed, "talking of dif
ferences, theirs is a diaiect entertain
ment. We don't go much on that. But
what's the difference? They get the
money, we get the money, so we're both
all right. It's just this. If you can't
get the money you're no good."
Max nodded lisht approval of the sen
timent. Gus delivered it with all the
solemnity of an eleventh command
ment. Black eyes and blue appealed to
me for agreement.
"Suppose your wares too good for
your audience — that happens, you
know?" I ventured.
Max looked smilingly along his cigar
./'If. you can't get the money, you're
fog&cxl." Thus Max Ropers, thus Gus
•fiogxrs, ar.'J thus again in concert the
'l-£>ger$ brother*.
. .-If->ou car.'t get the money, you're
• "You've got to give the public what
. ifeejr want." per Max.
; . ;"\S"faat the uublic wants is to be
"amused." per Gus.
•"•'We're all In the game for the money
-Vareji't we?"' from both.
• -/"But give 'em the best you've got.
rVo pold bricks. We do. Our show's the
same h^ro as it is at the Knickerbocker
Tfieater. New York, down to the last
(chair leg. It's the same in every last
lKtle burg that we strike. And It's as
good as we can make it. to begin with.
Result, the public has confidence in us."
• These be pcrar>« of the gospel accord
„ ir;g to the Rogers brothers, the latent
of the Dutch teams to strike us, and
ancestors direct of our Kolb and Dill
, at I*isch*r*e.
TLey .met me amid the heavy red
_ and gold splendors of the hall of the
"•S"t. Francis. Kolb— I mean Gus— first.
Max was etill discussing luncheon with
Jh/. wisdom of the short end of the
team. ' H is a little bewildering, but
.Joyful, by the way. to gee Dill— I mean
1 r. ¦ • ._•¦¦¦¦
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY* 8, 1904.
WITH THE PLAYERS
AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19Miss Gertrude Wheeler, Dr. Harry
Graham, Mr. and Mrs. Will Irwin,
Mrs. Fernando Pfingst, Mr. and Mrs.
Clarence Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Warren
Gregory, Mr. and Mrs. Herman Whit
taker, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Campbell,
Mrs. J. M. Pierce, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Richard, Miss Maude Wellen
dorf. Dr. and Mrs. George H. Palmer,
Professor and Mrs. E. J. Wickson,
Miss Edna Wickson, Miss Enid Wil
liams, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. R. Cooper,
R. W. Gorrill, Mr. and Mrs.
Wall, John Howell, Miss Harriet
Levy. Mr. and Mrs. Fairfax Wheelan.
Miss Alice Chittenden, Wallace Sabin,
H. E. Plunnett, Mr. O'Callaghan,
Curtis Hillyer, Miss Llllie V.
O'Ryan, F. A- Healy, Miss* Carol
Day. Miss Ethel Moore, Duncan Mc-
Duffle, Dr. and Mrs. Philip King
Brown, the Misses Schussler, Miss De
lany. Miss Ethel Lincoln, Charles
Dutton. Dr. Relnhardt, Dr. and Mrs.
Stanley Stillman, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse
Lllienthal. Lawrence Rising. Miss
Alice Rising, the Misses Butler, Dr.
William Frederic Bade, Miss Kath
erine Spiers, the Misses Partington,
Mr. White, Mr. and Mrs. Louis H.
Brehm, Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Van Wyck,
Mr. and Mrs. John McNaught, Miss
Miriam Michelson, Mr. Schumacher,
Among those who were present to in
augurate a new phase in the social life
of our Western metropolis were:
Ednah Hobinsen, Ina Coolbrith, Mar-
Fartt O'Callaghan. Annie O'Callaghan.
Alice Klein. Miss Elizabeth Sperry.
Miss Georgia Sperry. Margaret Harri
son, Ethel G. Harrison. Orlof W. Or
low, Robert Collier, Mrs. Robert Col
lier. Mrs. Philip Sydney Howe. Gustave
E. Roussy. Mrs. Gaston Ashe. Sumner
Hardy, Frances Jolliffe. Jessica F.
Poixotto. Mrs. A. M. Burns, Mrs. Louis
H. Long, Charles E. Riedlinger, John
M. Gamble, Mrs. Llewellyn Jones.
Grace Llewellyn Jones, C. A. Moody,
Mrs. Mark Gerstle, Mark Gerstle. Miss
Laura Van Wyck, Dr. Crittenden Van
Wyck. G. G. Norris, Mrs. Ernest S.
Simpson, Ernest Simpson, Agnes Clay
pole Moody. Dr. Robert Orton Moody,
Mrs". E. Carlson Risley. Sherril Schell.
Miss Hillyer. Mr. HUIyer, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry St. Goar. Mrs. John K. Hoagg,
3. M. Wright. Elizabeth Bender, Bow
den Williamson. Elise Wenzelburger
Graupner, Adolphus E. Graupner,
Franklin K. Lane, W. H. Gough.
Charles A- Vogelsang. Captain John
f>n. I-*. S. A.; Anna Frances Briggs,
Victor O'Brien, Charles Turner, Dr.
and Mrs. Samuel S. Theller, Mr. and
Mrs. Albert C. Aitken. Mr. and Mrs.
Clarence Luilte. Clarence Urmy, Rob
ert C. Porter. Mrs. J. J. Leland, Edgar
D. Peixotto. H. E. Promett, James C.
Powers, Frank H. Powers. Elizabeth
Gerberdinsf Laura Bride Powers, John
C. Mason. Mrs. Nelly Mason. Kather
ine Hittell, Mary Bell, Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick Palmer.
Among those who have announced
their intention to join the "Sequoia"
' On Wednesday last a notable aggre
gation of men and women gathered at
the famous old home of Theodore H.
Hittell en Turk street, the erstwhile
hnme of artists, scientists, historians.
: Tnen and women of letters— a fit cradle
for the forthcoming salon. And if at
mosphere counts for anything— and
most of us think it does— no spot in the
city was more fit Drawing-room,
studio, library and reception-room were
alike aglow, rewaling their treasured
art. Candles in brass sconces lighted
the studio with a soft uncertain light —
here it was thai punch was served at
a quaint sort of altar. And here it was
that "saJcrn"— a wordjthat carries with
it a decadent sense — assumed a new
meaning to us — its old import
Born— in the city of San Francisco,
on May 4. to the men and women there
of, a salfcn. That's a statement of a
truth, and. fellow citizens, your con
gratulations—likewise your support
jhose of you who care for such imma
terial and irrelevant things as salons.
The other class Is probably more in
terested in the opening of institutions
with an extra "o" in the last syllable.
And herewith let me say that to a
young woman not so many moons out
•cf her school days is the crystalliza
tion due— to Miss Ednah Robinson,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C P. Rob
inson — all honor to her who had the
pluck! But that's only one instance of
the pluck— and brainy pluck— of the
daughters of California. It's in the air
to do things. Our fathers and our
mothers— God bless them — did 'things
when they traveled tnree thousand
miles over sun-bak/?d plains and snow
clad mountains in rickety old ox
wagons to California— and we of to
day think we're pretty clever to travel
to San Jose and back in an auto over
a good road. Ah. no wonder the up-
PTOving Callfornienne Is equal to the
effort of mental and physical accom
plishment! It assuredly is in the air —
likewise In families. And Miss Robin
son comes of an executive family, of
which Mrs. Monroe Salisbury and Mrs.
Sidney Van Wyek are conspicuous
members.
Mott Smith-Bird, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Keith, Professor and Mrs.
Charles M. Gayley. Mrs. David Bixler.
Mrs. B. F. Norris. Mr. and Mrs. Frank
lin K. Lane, Mrs. Albert Gerberding,
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Wheeler, Mr. and
Mrs. W. C. Morrow, Mr. and Mrs. Clin
ton Day, Mrs. Monroe Salisbury. Miss
Mary BelL Miss Alice Klein. Miss
Davenport Dr. and Mrs. E. S. Fowler,
Dr. and Mrs. Gilbert Graham, Mr. and
Mrs. H. B. Montague, Mrs. Wheeler,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; : SUNDAY, v MAY 8, 1904.
at - a later meeting — for such is the
baptismal name — are: Dr. and Mrs. L.
L. Dunbar, Mr. and Mrs. George
Sperry, Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Robinson,
Earl Wales, Miss Sara Dean. Mr. and
Mrs. W. B. Craig, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
eric Innes. Mrs. E. W. Steele. Miss
Bessie Mills, Miss Evelyn Norwood,
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Elder, Mrs. J. R.
Jarboe, Dr. and Mrs.' Oscar Mansfeldt,
Miss Louda Stebbins, Miss Helen
Robinstfn. Mr. and Mrs. F. G. Sanborn,
Frank Owen. Miss Alice Owen, Mr. and
Mrs. W. S. Goodfellow, Mr. Biggerstaff,
Mr. and Mrs. Hunter Harrison," Mr. and
Mrs. Philip Sidney Howe, Professor and
Dr. Moore, Mr. Chamberlain, Mrs. May
Mr. and Mrs. Fremont Older, the
Misses O'Callaghan, Miss Syle, Miss
Lillian Moller, Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey
Boardman, Royden Williamson, Mr.
Lombard, Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Long,
Maynard Dixon, Joseph • N.\ Thomas,
Professor and Mrs.' C. C. Phehn, Mr.
and Mrs. Ashton Stevens, | Professor
and Mrs. Alexis Lange, Miss Grace
Dibble. Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Graup
ner, Mr. and 'Mrs. Albert Aiken,
Charles Turner, Brooks Palmer, Gas
ton Roussy. Miss Henley, Miss Wini
fred Morgan, Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Starr. Mr. and Mrs. F.L. King,' Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Keeler, Miss -Wil
liams, Dr. Raymond -Buss, -Mr. and
I PERSONS NOTED IN SOCIETY /ART AND LETTERS. |
Monday led the social affairs of* the
Mrs. 1 D. W. Horsburgh. James Hors
burgh, Beverly Letcher, C. C. Cun
ningham,' Austin Lewis, Lloyd Os
bourne, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Houghton,
Miss Kathryne Dillon, Mr. and Mrs:
J. S. Reid, Mr. and Mrs. Fry, Mr. and
Mrs. W. E. Colby, Mr. and Mrs. Cleve
land Forbes, Mrs. Burns, .Mr. and 'Mrs.
Shotwell, Mr. and Mrs. Romaine, Ben
jamin Romaine. Mr. and Mrs. Frederic
Palmer, the Misses Van Wyck, Mr.
Rosenquist, Robert Porter, Bothweil
Hyde, Mrs. Malcolm Henry, Dr. and
Mrs. George Ebrlght, Mr. and Mrs.
William Greer Harrison, Miss Harri
son, Miss Cosgrave. Mrs. E. H. Dav
enport Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Marks,
Miss Thompson, Mr. ¦ Overstreet,
Charles K. Field, James D. Ph'elah,
R. H. Hotallng, George Lane^Mr. 'and
Mrs. Danforth Boardman," William Col
lier, Dr. Arnold Genthe, Harvey Crow
ell, Mr. and ¦ Mrs. j James Den
man, Will Denman, Mr. , and Mrs.' W.
H. M1H3, Herman Scheffauer, Mr. and
Mrs. George Sterling, Tom Ransome.
Miss Strunsky, Miss Ednah Robinson",
Dr. and \ Mrs. Douglas Montgomery,
Mrs. Norris, Miss "Humphreys, Mr.
Humphreys, Mrs. ; S. E. Hutton, Mrs.
Louise Leland, Mr. and Mrs. - • Shatter
Howard. K. Howard, Miss Nell Grant,
Mr. and '"Mrs. Moody/" Mrs. Emma
Shafter Howard, Mrs. William." Berg,
Professor Edmond j O'Neill, • Mrs. . Laura
Bride Powers.-: . . -
The largest affair of the week ¦ was
the card party of Mrs. Irving F.Moul
ton," given on Wednesday afternoon. " '
week with the breakfast of the Soro
sls Club at the St. Francis, Mrs. Luis
Lane Dunbar being the guest of hon
or — she who has for two years occu
pied the presidential chair. Any
woman who can hold the executive of
fice for two years in any club and re
tire full of love and honor is a won
der—either she, or . it might be the
club. Be .that as it may, Mrs. Dun
bar retired beloved of the members.
The luncheon was a rare success, the
toasts clever and' the gowns a Joy.
The following ladies were present:
Mrs., L. L. Dunbar, Mrs. A. H. Vail,
Mrs. Josephine de;Greayer, Mrs. Mar
vin R. Hlggins, Mrs. John R^ Loosely.
Mrs. W. R. Eckart, Mrs. Harry Na
thaniel Gray, Mrs.' Wenban : Mills, Mr3.
William P. Shaw, Mrs. Fred G. San
born, Mrs. -Edward B." Young, Mrs. I.
S. Belcher, Mrs. George J. Bucknall,
Mrs. Elder and Mrs. John F. Merrill.
Among the guests were Mrs. William
R. Cluness Jr., Mrs. FranK' Fredericks
(president of' the' Forum Club), Mrs.
Henry Payot, Mrs. S. M. Damon, Miss
Damon, Mrs. George Olton, Mrs. Low
enberg, Mrs. L. A. Kelly, Mrs. John
Barker and Mrs. John Swift There
was an unusually large, number of
guests .at Sorosis' breakfast. Mrs.
J.- Parker Currier: entertained upon
this occasion Mrs. Malcolm Henry,
Mrs. George E. Bates, Mrs. Hunting
ton, Mrs. Gerritt Livingston .Lansing,
Mrs. Grayson Dutton, Mrs. L. R.
Mead, Miss • Maye - Colburn and • Mrs.
Henry Foster Dutton. ¦
The toastmistress, Mrs. Edward B.
Young, called forth some' very clev
er talks from Mrs. Josephine de Greay
er.^Mrs. I. S. Belcher, Mrs' Walter G.
Holcombe^ Mrs. Marvin R. . Higgins,
Mrs. William -Manning, Mrs. F. G.
Sanborn, Mrs. Edgar Bryant and Mrs.
William -R.'- Eckart
Mrs. Ai H. Vail, the incoming presi
dent, accepted the duties likewise the
joys of official care with splendid cour
age. . : ¦ ¦
¦•*• Now,; will you be good, you San Fran
ciscans? /We've' been doing all sorts of
out-of-door ' stunts *¦ wholly forgetful
that the winter was on us. But then," if
¦ To the * misanthrope— poor fellow —
who has ever a growl about the heat
or the cold, the rain or the drought, the
sun or the shadow, of our blessed Cali
fornia, let me quote the following from
Cholly, Knickerbocker, apropos to out
door sports in New York: "It is sup
posed to be spring, but there is not even
a bud or a leaf in the park to give evi
dence of the fact. -- There was almost a
universal case of. the shivers at the dif
ferent' > weddings on Wednesday and
winter* gowns were in evidence. And
it-. is so. cold we dare not coach unless
wrapped in heavy furs."
The house was a bower of flowers,
the gifts of friends.
Receiving with her were Mrs. Alex
ander Dawson d'Ancona, Mrs. Russell
Wing, Mrs. W. R. Peutz, Mrs. H. T.
Lally and Miss Josephine Daniels.
The clever prize winners were Mrs.
Burns McDonald, Mrs. P. R. Wood
ward, Mrs. H. R. Mann and Mrs. G.
Coen.
The following ladles took part in the
game;- Mrs. Arthur Whlpple Spear,
Mrs. Wells, Mrs. Burns McDonald,
Mrs. Ralph Hart, Miss Peutz, Mrs. E.
P. Farnsworth, Mrs. John I. Sabin,
Mrs. George Caswell, Mrs. William
Boston, Mrs. Charles Mann. Mrs.
Christian Reiss, Mrs. Field, Mrs.
Charles M. Dougherty, Mrs. Frank
Fredericks, Mrs. D. I* Farnsworth,
Mrs. Cowgill,' Mrs. Joseph Hennlfy,
Mrs. Gale, Mrs. D. R. Sessions, Mrs.
Flint, Mrs.\R. Carmany, Mrs. Blodgett,
Mrs. Martin Mann, Mrs.
Charles Plum, Mrs. J. J. Spieker. 'Mrs.
Kendrlck," Mrs. Smith, Mrs. George
Bates, Mrs. S. C. Denson, Mrs. Yee
mans,'Mrs. Hovey, Mrs. George Morse,
Mrs. Amos, Mrs. Turner, Mrs. Hardy,
Mrs. Ruggles, Mrs. Wenzelburger,
Mrs. Frank Suraner, Mrs. Sewall Dol
liver, Mrs. Denervand, Mrs. Frank
Bates, Mrs. Charles Warren. Mrs. W.
G. Gray, , Mrs. Joseph Manuel Masten,
Mrs. S. J. Hendy, Mrs. H. j R. Mann,
Mrs. Cross, Mrs. Thomas Woodward,
Mrs. Godfrey, Mrs. O. O. Scott, Mrs.
George Knight, Mrs. Jennings. Mrs.
James Irvine, Mrs. E.»B. Cutter, Miss
Adele Martel, Mrs. A. A. Moore of Oak
land, Mrs. Eickhoff, Mrs. -William Wil
lis, Mrs. Sidney -Worth, Mrs. A. G.
Buckingham, Mrs. Thomas Morffew,
Mrs. John Spruance, Miss Marie Amos,
Mrs. A. M. Burns, Mrs." Coen, Mrs.
Prather of Oakland, Mrs. Linda Bryan
and Mrs. Frank Anderson.
Much comment is being made about
the lavish— almost barbaric — splendor
of the gowns, Jewels, decorations, etc.,
at the New York ; weddings, but the
woeful lack of . something to eat at
the feast afterward. Is this simply
good form, or. is it economy*
* * * .
-¦'¦- Let San Franciscans once taste the
Mrs. George C. Boardman was
hostess at a luncheon yesterday at
which sixteen guests were pleasantly
entertained. Roses graced the board,
while clever repartee filled the hours
of luncheon with rare pleasure. Mrs.
Boardman's guests were Mrs. Alex
ander Garceau. Mrs. Russell Wilson,
Mrs. M. M. Tompkins. Mrs. James
Robinson, Mrs. Danforth Boardman,
Mrs. Samuel H. Boardman, Mrs. E. J.
McCutcheon, Mrs. W. R. Smedberg,
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller, Mrs. Peter McG.
McBean, Mrs. Carter Pomeroy. Mrs.
Frederick Tallant, Mrs. Horace Davis
and Mrs. Beverly MacMonagle.
• ¦ • . •
• • •
Miss Moulton entertained her younger
friends on Tuesday afternoon.
* Receiving with Miss Moulton "were:
Miss Nourse, the Misses Birkmaier,
Miss: Booth,'.' Mcs. Carl Wilson. Miss
Pitcher. Miss Wieland, Miss Wheaton.
Miss Cutter and Miss Harland. Among
others who participated in the after
noon's .pleasures were: Mrs. Adolph
Graupner, Miss Ethel Heiidy, Miss
Mabel Hendy, Miss Georgie Spieker,
Miss Field, Miss Nourse of Boston,
Miss Booth, Mrs. Burr Eastwood. Mrs.
William Ede, Miss Kelly, Miss Pitcher,
Miss Denervaud, Mrs. Harvey Toy,
Miss Mabel Toy, Miss Wenzelburger,
Miss Wieland, Mrs. Hunt. Mrs. Har
rison Gray Otis. Mrs. Whitney, Miss
Roberta Clay, Miss Myra Jeffers, Miss
Eunice Jeff ers,. Mrs. Frank Kellogg,
Miss Alice Rising of Berkeley, Miss
Remillard of Oakland, the Misses Deal,
Mrs. John Charles Adams, Miss Edna
Mlddleton. Miss Mason of Alameda,
Miss McClatchy of Sacramento, Miss
Mattie Wellington, Miss Daisy. Burns,
Miss Norma Castle, Miss Mabel Wheat
on, Miss Edith Cutter, Mrs. Charles
Suydam* the Misses Birkmaier, the
Misses von Rhein, Miss Rate Harland,
Mrs. Alfred Rulosson, the Misses
Southwick, Miss 'Eleanor Warner and
Miss Woodward.
How many of us know, or appreciate,
the strain of many well-intentioned
mothers who stake their all on the
launching of their daughters on the
matrimonial sea. Here is a Brooklyn
woman who makes a clean breast of
the whole thing in court, frankly stat
ing that she was compelled to mortgage
her home, her outside properties, even
her summer cottage, to present her two
daughters to society with the style she
deemed proper. She even went further
—to the extent of drawing checks on
banks that were rude and crude enouch
to return the same marked "No funds"
—a most embarrassing thing for a bank
to do to a lady, and a descendant of one
of the Mayflower flock, too.
Perhaps, had the wretch of a banker
known that the lady who wrote the
checks was an indisputable Mayflower
descendant, he would not have returned
the checks.
But herein is a moral. Are the re
quirements of society so rigorous and
exacting as to cripple the finances of
the fairly well-to-do? If so, is not the
standard wrong? Is not too much
stress laid upon dress, upon elaborate
ness of entertainment, upon all ex
ternals of living rather than upon the
essentials of character and culture?
This small matter seems to be rather
close to a few of us San Franciscans.
That is a false standard, provocative
only of heartaches and failures — and
the end unworthy the means.
we couldn't growl at the weather, what
could we growl at? It's a perfectly safe
outlet for us, don't you know?
* Mrs. Mark Gerstle, who, by the way
ig one of the cleverest and wittiest wo
men in society— likewise one of the
most tasteful dressers— has taken a
cottage at Carmel-by-the-Sea for two
months. A congenial contingent of San^
Francisco folk will gather- there thla
summer,
And now it Is the "third rail" which
may supplant the auto— for a time, at
least— as a Marin grievance. The
famous electric rail of the North Shore
road was the cause of many anxious
moments Indulged In by mothers of
small children and owners of valuable
canines. But, regardless of harrowing
prognostications, the third rail came
and San Rafael succumbed. Not so
Hermann Oelrichs. Mr. Oelrichs has a
home in Ross, and he objects to the
third rail. He has communicated with
the Marin County Supervisors, saying—
and saying truly— that those unable to
read (to wit. small boys and canines)
cannot take advantage of the "danger"
signs. Mr. Oelrichs in his conmunica
tion did not mention that re i3 the
possesser of a blue-blooded, blue-coated
Dane, for which he paid hundreds of
dollars. They say that the pampered
Dane has a house which borders on the
palatial— front door, back entrance,
windows, veranda, etc. — built by a
•well-known contractor of San» Rafael.
What wonder that Mr. Oetrlcha, v;hen
he thinks of his valuable Dane, object3
to the treacherous third rail! And now
let us wait and see what the hard
hearted Supervisors think of Mr. Oel
richs* objections.
• • . • '. -.
Mrs. James Macintosh and the Misses
Macintosh of San Anselmo will leave
in three or four weeks to spend the
summer in the East. Miss Wlnnifred's
marriage to Robert Menzies of San Ra
fael will probably take place in the
early fall, soon after their return from
the East.
The J. D. Cuthberts. who built a
charming place in San Rafael not long
ago, are to leave in a few weeks for
Europe. Dr. W. H. Landon of San Ra
fael Is to be one of the party.
It is said that young Mr. Pardow,
who has Just arrived in San Rafael, is
a most attractive individual. He has
recently come from South America and
is visiting his sister. Mrs. Joseph Hoop
er of San Rafael. Mr. Pardow looks as
if he had seen a good bit of the world,
which in Itself is enough to make a
man interesting. Mrs. Hooper and Mr.
Pardow are niece and nephew of Mrs.
O'Connor, who for years was so thor
oughly identified with San Rafael.
The John D. Spreckels family will
spend the summer in Sausalito.
The Heilmans, who for the past year
or two have occupied the Carter Pome
roy house in San Rafael, expect to
leave In a week or two for France. The
two little Heilmans, with their nurses
and their faithful dogs, are well-known
figures in the village. Mr. Hellman i3
the French Consul at San Francisco.
The Eells place in Ross is once more
astir after the quiet of the winter. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Eells and the Misses
Eells have arrived for the summer.
summer Joys of San Rafael and they
have acquired the habit. Summer
after summer finds them back In the
picturesque little village. The first of
June will see Alfred Sutro in the Lan
don place, with its glorious view of
old Tn.malpais.
• • *
The Charles Harleys will arrive
soon. The charming old hillside
place which they selected for their
abode last summer, and wnlch is to be
theirs for this season, is one of the
picturesquely located places of San
Rafael. Young Mrs. Harley. with her
wealth of auburn hair, was one of
the features of the village last sum
mer.
• •«¦ •
The Walter Deans have already ar
rived in San Rafael for the summer.
• • •
The George C. Boardmans of San
Francisco have taken a house in San
Rafael for the summer. They are ex
pected about the middle of June. In
the meantime Mrs. Boardman. ac
companied by one of the Misses
Boardman. will make a flying trip to
the exposition. ¦
• • •
After all the W. S. Leakes will give
one more summer to San Rafael. Their
new house in Ross will not be com
pleted till later in the season, so the
Stevenson place, in San Rafael, will
house them for a few months, as it
has for the past two or three seasons.
• • •
The Baroness von Schroeder, who
has been visiting Mrs. Eleanor Mar
tin, is once more at the Hotel Rafael.
CAN SAN FRANCISCO MAINTAIN A SALON?
20SCEXE IS RUSSIAN CAPITAL.; DEAD
NAVAL HERO AND TWO NOTABL£3
• WHO FIGURE IN THE WAR NEWS.
War Nevrs Continued on Pa^c 2%
Brigands Attack Wounded Russiaas.
; ST. PETERSBURG, May 7.— A dis
patch has > been received • by the , Red
Cross ' Society here ,'stating that, Chi
nese brigands have attacked and'mal
treated Russians who .were wounded
in the fight: at Kuliencheng.
•LEADVUXE. Colo., May 7.—Severe
erfowstorms have pre\*ailed in this vi
dnky fpr several days. There is about
three feet of snow on the hills, but no
damage has resulted from the storm.
It is %U11 enowins to-night*
Heavy Snowfall in Colorado.
SEOUL, Korea, May 7. — Telegrams
received here from , Antung declare
that the Second Japanese Army Corps,
besides having disembarked on 'the
Liaotung - Peninsula, . has. effected a
landing at Takushan.'onthe Ma'nchur
ian coast, about > forty, miles west - of
the mouth* of the Yalu.
Prince Adelbert; \ third son .• of ; the
German Emperor, has arrived at
Chemulpo incognito on E the ~ -'cruiser
Bertha. He will be'the'gnest hereof
the German M|nister, Herr von Sal
derri. > 3£££flHI " ' ~~ ~ V-? '¦•-''<
Japanese Disembark Forty Miles West
of ' the Yalu's Mouth. v
LANDING AT TAKUSHAX.
«he British lost two wounded.
T\ro Hundred and Fifty Killed or
Wounded by Younshnsband's
British Column.
"• LONDON. May 7. — An oflicial re
;-'»rt Bays that the Tibetan attack at
Oyangtze on May 5 was repulsed after
two hours' fighting. The Tibetans,
viho \v-ere commanded by a Lassa
pren'eral. lost 250 killed or ¦wounded;
ATTACK BY TIBETAXS
ENDS IX SLAUGHTER
PARIS, May 8.— The Journal's Muk
den correspondent says the last train
from Port Arthur to # reach that place
arrived at 2 o'clock Saturday. Pas
sengers state that at a point twenty
five miles \ from Pitzewo they saw a
number of Russians retreating. A
Cossack officer ordered the engineer
to reverse his engine, but Colonel Qur
aroIT commanded the driver to go, at
full speed.* The Japanese in pursuit of
the "Russians fired several volleys and
a number of bullets .struck s the 'car
riages, r Three of, the passengers were
wounded.
Last Trip From Port Arthur Over the
. • Manclmrian Railroad.
JAPANESE FIRE UPON TRAIX.
Sanguinary collisions between the
people and police have taken place in
Finland and an infernal - machine 13
said to have been found in the Win
ter Palace In one of the Czar's living
rooms.
VIENNA, May 7.— Alarming ru
mors regarding'- the internal condition
of -Russia are current here. A con
spiracy is said to have been discov
ered In Russian Poland with the re
sult that eighteen of the ring: leaders
were shot. . r'
Report That Infernal Machine Was
. Found: In- Winter Palace. '
BOMB IX CZAR'S ROOM.
The Emperor is deeply pained over
the Russian losses on the Yalu. and re
grets that the investment of Port Ar
thur could not have been prevented. Ha
will, however, acquiesce without ques
tion in the plan of General Kuropatkin.
even should that plan contemplate the
withdrawal of the Russian army far
ther into the interior. Those close to
his Majesty state that he is more than
ever determined that Russian prestige
shall be vindicated in the Far East, a
necessity not only to Russia, but to the
whole white race, as an answer to the
Japanese blows.
Further reinforcements have been
dispatched to Manchuria, and the Em
peror has reiterated his declaration
that General Kuropatkin shall have as
many men as are needed to Insure vic
tcry to the Russian arms.
The Russian Admiralty expects to be
able to continue communication with
Port Arthur in spite of the cutting of
the telegraph line. Masts for use In
wireless telegraphy have been erected
at the fortress to communicate with
stations at the north end of the penin
sula. Trained carrier pigeons al3O were
sent to Port Arthur some time ago.
and through one means or another the
Russian authorities hope to retain com
munication.
The Admiralty Is In possession of spe
cific information to the effect that the
harbor of Port Arthur is open.
tory bordering on the bay of Korea and
the road connecting Liaoyang, Hai
cheng, Newchwang and Pitzewo. The
command of the road to Pitzewo will
enable this army to communicate with
the Japanese army to open operations
In the Liaotung Peninsula.
GRIEF OF THE EMPEROR.
The engagement referred to by the
correspondent in the foregoing dis
patch wa.s reported officially by. Gen
eral Kuroki on May 3. The corre
spondent evidently^ had to. send his
message overland from.Antung to be
filed at Seoul, hence the delay In his
story.
..ened to "get even." The newspaper
• man prepared himself and to-day both
men met. Harding drew a revolver,
but before he could ehoot Gotwaldt
X'd* him co\-ered with a gun. The re
;nlt was that Harding retreated. Now
.¦••warrant is out to have him placed
under bonds to keep the peace.
»radan Attempts to Kill a Reno
. Newspaper Man, but Finds Him
*,,; "-'.;.', self Outmatched.
.RENO. May 7. — An attempt upon
the life of William McClure Gotwaldt,
cify editor of a local paper, was made
to-day by Charles Harding, who was
under arrest for vagrancy. Gotwaldt
hfl.d criticized Harding, who threat-
'TIDITOR'S QUICK MOVE
: • PREVKXTS A TRAGEDY
DES MOINES, Iowa. May 7. — "Here
after preference will be shown clerks
who are married, especially those with
large families."
The above notice was posted In the
Des Moines postoffice to-day. P-oat
master McKay stated the order came
from the Postoffice Department at
Washington and is in line with a sug
gestion from President Roosevelt and
his large families Idea.
Public Notice to That Effect 13
Posted in the Postofnce at
Dos Moincs, Iowa.
PREFERENCE TO BE SHOWN
TO THE JL\RRIED CLERKS
ANTUNG, May 2, . via Seoul, May
7. — A large number of Russians sur
rendered to-day to the Japanese, who
also captured some Russian artillery.
The Japanese were chasing a detach
ment of the Russian rear guard, about
1000 strong, consisting of a battalion
6f infantrv and two batteries of artil
lery, when the enemy made a stand at
Hamatan,: west of Kuliencheng.. The
Japanese charged the Russians. After
a stubborn j resistance and heavy Ios3
on both sides, the Russians destroyed
the' closing apparatus of their guns
and surrendered them. The prisoners
taken - by the Japanese number about
400.
Details of Rear Guard Attack Fol
lowing Battle of Kulienchenjr.
CAPTURE OF RUSSIAN CANXOX.
*f P^ial- Cable to The Call s.^4 New Tortc Her
•aid. Con-right. 19(A. by tfce Xew Tcrk
IltrraM Publishing Con: j.any. •
. 'PARIS. May 7. — A recent event in
tjie animal kingdom — the first of its
• k;nd. 'eo far as France is concerned —
• lias been attracting scientific as well
• las popular interest at Bostock's Hip
j>odrome lately. This was the birth of
two baby hybrids, the proud father
'•being a rrtagniacent lion and the
mother a large Indian tigress.
Strange to say, the she cub takes
iijter the father as far as coloring is
concerned, while her little brother
fdvors the mother.
•Tuo Baby, Hybrids in a Paris
Museum Attract the Interest
• • of Scientists.
I.IOX AND TIGER ARE
PARENTS OF TWO CUBS
fore yesterday (Friday). It was the
second line of the Russian defense, and
a stiff fight was expected.
\ General Kuroki pressed forward and
attacked before the Russians had re
covered from the demoralization and
confusion Into which they had been
thrown by their previous defeat on
the Yalu River.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 8 (2:13
I a.- m.).— When the War Commission
adjourned this morning it failed to give
out any official dispatches regarding
the situation on the Liaotung Penin
sula or at Fengwangcheng. Neverthe-
I less there is no doubt that the Jap
| anese troops are in touch with the Rus-
I sian forces, at Fengwangcheng. and
i the report that the latter had evacu
ated that place is generally credited.
Surprise is caused by the withdrawal
of General Kuropatkin toward his base
at Liaoyang. as It was said that im
i mediately after he learned of General
Zassulitch's losses he had sent re
! inforcements to him, to enable him to
retain his position.
KUKOPATKIN IS SUPREME.
The officials here . frankly confess,
: however,' that they are not fully in
formed of Kuropatkin's plan. He is
i in sole charge of the operations in
Manchuria. The Emperor decided
[ when General Kuropatkin started cut
! that' he should have complete, lnde
' pendenee, so that there could "be no
'¦ grounds for complaint that he was
: hampered by instructions or advice
\ from officers in St. Petersburg, who
I could not possibly, know all the condl
l tions which the troops In the field
| would meets* Kuropatkin, therefore,
i has made his own dispositions and
: formulated his own plan. What little
[ is known here shows that he intends
t to observe the same. caution that has
distinguished the operations of the
Japanese. Finding that he could not
j offer battle at Fengwangcheng with an
even chance of success, he has decided
to fall back, it is believed, to the Mao
tin Pass. Back of this pass there Is
another pass, near which is a tem
porary railway connection with Liao
yang.
NO CHANGE IN TACTICS.
The Japanese have followed up to
now practically in all respects their
plans in the Chino-Japanese war. They
have crossed the Yalu at the same place
arid landed upon the Liaotung Penin
sula at the same points, and It is be
lieved they will continue their tactics,
as their dispositions foreshadow the
movements made in 1S94.
: It is not at all unlikely that another
i Japanese army will be landed upon the
I peninsula, which will move northward
along the railway line. During the
I Chino-Japanese war the Japanese cap
j tured Port Arthur two weeks after
their disembarkation upon the penin
sula.- The Russians say that the Japa
nese, will not find it so easy a task to
reduce Port Arthur as they did before.
; The Japanese army marching north
ward along the railroad once past Kal
ping can compel the Russians to evacu
ate Newchwang or else undergo a ba\
tle or a state of siege. If the march Is
prosecuted as far as Haichenjj where
the Japanese defeated the i Chinese
army, G fteral Kuropatkin will have to
abandon • Maotien Pass as a conse
quence of the strategic weakness of the '.
position.- The possession of Fengwang
cheng is of the highest importance, as
it places under the control of the Japa
nese a large strip of Manchurian.terri-
! The security of the Japanese position
on the. neck of the peninsula is beyond
reasonable doubt. It is not thought that
Port Arthur can spare a force to at
tack the. invaders, nor .that Kuropatkin
will* venture to- march down the pen
insula from Liaoyang to Newchwang.
I Such a movement on the part of the
Russian commander in chief would ex
pose his flank ¦ and rear to attack by
the numerous Japanese - divisions now
on the sea, to say nothing of the dan
gcrs\that.threaten Jilm from Kuroki's
advancing- columns on the southeast.
No course is considered open to the
Russians except to retire gradually
until the campaign can be conducted
beyond the menace that constantly
hovers over Kuropatkin's troops from
the sea.
The occupation of Dalny . and
Talienwan Bay 'is expected shortly.
Pitzewo offers almost no harbor ad
vantages, whereas Talienwan Bay will
admit "whatever heavy guns and stores
the troops of the second army may de
sire to land. • ' ,
TOKIO, May 7.— Heartfelt joy is
written on the faces of the Japanese
oflicials, who usually, mask all emotion
behind an aliable smile, because at
last the Mikado's flag is flying and the
Mikado's troops are massing on Rus
sian soil.
When General ' Kuroki crossed the
Yalu and planted his colors on Chi
nese territory and when the marines
of Admiral Hosoya's squadron hoisted
their banner on the heights of Pitzewo,
they signalized the occupation by the
Japanese, of Russia's concession in
Liaotung Peninsula..
The Japanese strategy in connection
with Port Arthur, which is now. iso
lated, is. problematical. The most
prominent oflicials here are dumb on
this point, and it is doubtful if at this
moment it has been decided. It ¦ un
doubtedly. was the original purpose of
the leaders to invest the fortress, and
await developments so far as -it was
concerned; but this plan was the re
sult of conditions that may change.
SHANGHAI. May 7. — It is reported
that the Japanese captured-Talienwan
yesterday. Talienwan, which the Rus
sians call Dalny, is on the eastern
shore of, the Liaotung Peninsula, just
above Port Arthur. « .
The ambition of the Russians has
been to make it a great commercial
center. To that end they spent more
than $20,000,000 in building docks and
warehouses there. The bay is deep and
well protected from storms.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"The detachments then returned to
their base, and since the morning of
May 4 they have been engaged in other
operations." '
"The third detachment. Rear Ad
miral Dewa commanding, reached Port
Arthur at 6 o'clock Tuesday morning.
The first detachment, under Vice Ad
miral Togo, and Rear Admiral Nashiha
second In command, arrived off Port
Arthur at 9 o'clock in the morning for
the purpose of protecting the destroyer
and torpedo-boat flotillas and to search
for the crews of the sunken merchant
men. The vessels of these detachments
remained until 4 o'clock on Tuesday
afternoon, but their search was fruit
less. The day was foggy and it was
impossible to observe the condition of
the enemy.
"This undertaking, when compared to
the last t'.vo, resulted in great casual
ties to our side. Owing to the inclem
ency of the weather and the increased
preparations for defense completed by
the. enemy we could save none of the
officers or the crews of the Otaru Maru,
the Sagami Maru, the Sakura. Maru or
the^tsagawo Maru. It is to be regret-'
ted that nothing particular could be
learned concerning the- brave ¦ dis
charge of their duties, but the memory
of their exemplary conduct will remain
long in the imperial navy.
"The destroyer and the torpedo-boat
flotillas besides resisting the enemy
bravely fought against wind and
waves. The torpedo-boat flotilla ap
proached close to the mouth of the har
bor and rescued more . than half, the
men. Torpedo-boat No. 67 had a steam
pipe broken by a shell and was dis
abled, but a consort, torpedo-boat No.
70, went to her assistance and towed
her away. Three of the crew of No. 67
were wounded.
"The destroyer Actaka had her lar
board engine damaged by a shell and
one sailor on board of her was killed.
One sailor on board the Hayabusa was
killed by a shell.
FOUR ENTIRE CREWS PERISH.
Vice Admiral Togo, in his report,
says: " .
effective, while a number of sunken
mines which were struck by the steam
ships began to explode. These explo
sions' caused heavy casualties among
the Japanese on board the blocking
vessels. ' ; A
' The Tomi collided with a bomb. This
turned her 5tem to the eastward, and
she ¦ sank athwart the passage, block
ing nearly half of the entrance to the
harbor. " •
When the Yedo Maru reached the
mouth of the passage and was lowering
her anchor her captain. Commander
Takayangi. was shot through the stom
ach and killed. Sub-lieutenant Nagata
succeeded to the command. He an
chored the Yedo Maru and sank her.
Two other* stone-laden steamships,
believed to be the Otaru Maru and the
Sagami Maru, then entered the mouth
of the harbor and sank. ¦
- The Aikoku' Mara struck a mine five
cable-lengths from the mouth of the
passage," which exploded and caused
her to sink. -. Lieutenant Uchida, com
.mander*of-this vessel. Chief. Engineer
Aoki and eight men are missing.
. A , steamship thought to be the
Asagawo Maru, which appeared to
have had her rudder broken, blew her
self up at the foot of Golden Hill and
sank there.
Brown Army Has
Seized Port of
Dalny.
Japanese Attack
During Furious
fi^Stormliii
Japanese Quickly Mount Guns.
SHANHAIKWAN, China, May 7.—
An officer of a torpedo-boat, who ar
rived here from Yinkow to-day, after
confirming the announcement of the
landing of ; Japanese troops on the
Liaotung Peninsula, says the Japanese
rapidly entrenched themselves and
mounted rapid-fire guns.
These signals were repeated until 2
o'clock in the morning, but they fail
ed to reach the vessels of the expedi
tion, which were swept apart by the
tempestuous seas and proceeded sep
arately for the mouth of the harbor.
Upon arriving there the Mikawa
Maru, one of the merchantmen, saw
that the enemy was firing upon the
fourteenth torpedo-boat flotilla. The
men on board the Mikawa Maru
thought the other steamers had reach
ed the harbor's mouth, and they steam
ed boldly in. She was followed closely
by another of the merchantmen, be
lieved to have been the Sakura 'Maru.
The Russians had fires burning at the
mouth of the harbor, and they used
also many powerful searchlights on
the invading Japanese vessels. They
poured an incessant fire into the chan
nel. •
Lieutenant Sosa, who was in com
mand of the Mikawa Maru. unhesitat
ingly forced his ship Into the channel,
rammed his way through the bombs
and reached . the center of the inner
entrance. Here he anchored his ves
sel and then blew her up. . She sank.
Another steamship, supposed to be
the Sakura Maru, then came to anchor
near a projecting rock at the mouth
of the harbor and sank.
Following the Sakura Maru came the
Tomi Maru, the Yedo Maru, the Otru
Maru. the Sagami Maru, the Alkoku
Maru and the Asagawo Maru.' These
steamships advanced to the mouth of
the harbor. . -
The Russian fixe now became highly
The blocking vessels and their es
corts left the main squadron for Port
Arthur on Monday evening. They en
countered a southeasterly gale and by
11 o'clock at night the seas were
mountainous ar.d It was found impos->
sible to keep the steamships together.
Commander Hayashi, who was in com
mand of the expedition, observed the
impossibility of keeping the flotilla in
tact and signaled It to abandon the at
tack. " ¦''¦-:;¦¦
FLEET ENCOUNTERS GALE.
gagement off Port Arthur, which was
received here to-day, shows that the
Japanese have blocked the entrance to
the harbor.
On Tuesday morning, after the
blocking flotilla had been scattered by?
a gale and the commander of the,flo
tilla had signaled in 'vain that the at
tempt be abandoned pending the
moderation of the storm, the crews of
the separated ships, undaunted by the
storm which isolated them from their
companions, proceeded to the work on
their own desperate initiative. They
forced their way in the face of the
Russian fire, which was more deadly
than ever before as a result of the im
proved Russian defenses, over the
field of mines. Many of . these ¦ ex
ploded, yet five of the eight Japanese
blocking ships were Jammed into the
Inner channel and now prevent egress
from the harbor to all craft except
small boats. - . . .- .
This attack exceeded all its predeces
sors in desperation, .and .the. courage
displayed by the volunteer crews was
equal to that shown in any event in
the war history of the world.
Although Vice Admiral Togo again
avoided damage to a single one of hia
¦vessels, the attack proved to ' be ex
pensive in lives.
The blocking flotilla j consisted of
eight stone-laden merchantmen. They
were escorted by the gunboats Akagi,
Commander Fugimoto, and Choikai,
Commander Iwamura: the second tor
pedo-boat destroyer flotilla, under the
command of Commander Shida; the
third torpedo-boat destroyer flotilla.
Commander Tsuchiya; the fourth flo
tilla. Commander Nagai; the fifth flo
tilla. Commander Mano; the ninth tor
pedo-boat flotilla. Commander Ya
shima; the tenth torpedo-boat flotilla.
Commander Otakl. and the fourteenth
torpedo-boat flotilla. Commander Sa
kurai.
The Japanese control all telegraph
wires in Korea and newspaper dis
patches are refused, hence the neces
sity for forwarding a dispatch 22u
miles to the Korean capital. From
Seoul the dispatch reached The Call
over the cables of the Commercial Pa
cific Company, having been sent first
over the Korean land lines to Fusan
and thence by - cable to Nagasaki,
Woosung, Fuchow, Hongkong, Manila,
Guam, Honolulu and San Francisco.
The foregoing dispatch, the first to
be received from a special newspaper
correspondent direct from the seat of
war on the Yalu, came via Seoul, to
which it was sent by a runner from
the Yalu. after the battle.
SflOKODO, May 1 (via Seoul, May
">• — General Kuroki completed the
crossing of 1th e; Yalu to-day -suuj^ade
a. 'bold frontal attack, his artillery, su
perbly supporting him. '
' The Russians -were 'terribly pounded
and retreated ; northward. Their' ef
forts to reinforce their troops were
frustrated.- The Japanese pursued the
enemy vigorously and captured
twenty-eight guns and many prison
ers, including twenty officers.
The casualties were several hundred.
The Russian strength was estimated
at 10,000.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1004, by the New York
Herald PuhlLshing Company
BY OSCAR KING DAVIS.
Call's War Writer
Is Now With
Kuroki.
' LULING. Tex., May 7.— This town^
rras thrown Into great excitement this
faoming by a double tragedy, the vic
. tims being "W. R. Malone and Colonel
John Veasey, two cf the wealthiest and
.. most prcrrlcent citizens here. They
were both shot and killed by S. M.
\ "Nixon, a member of the State Demo
.cratic Executive Committee, who was
"; xcr several years engaged in the bank
ing business here. The killing occurred
.'-at a time when very few people were
! [on the street. The three men were re
lated by marriage, the victims being
cousins of Nixon's wife. .
About four years ago Nixon had trou
ble with Malcne over a business matter,
* *and as a consequence bad blood had
existed between them. Their friends
" kept them apart, however, until this j
t -morning, when' they,,met by accident.
-'Nixon was passing down the p reet
• v -hen he saw Malone standing in front
j of his mercantile establishment. With
out a word of warning Nixon drew his
. pistol and shot Malone through the
• body. Malone dropped to the ground
'/dead. Colonel Veasey, who was in the
storfc, rushed out when he heard the
. report of the pistol. He sought to dis
. arm • Nixon, whereupon the latter
"turned h!s revolver upon him and shot
• fcirn through the abdomen, inflicting a
wour.d thru caused death a short time
• -afterward.
Nixon gave himself up to the officers
'.and ivas placed in jaiL
' Colonel Veasey was in command of
'the First Texas Regiment of Volunteer
"Infantry during the Spanish-American
.M r ar, and had taken a prominent part
In the military affairs of the State for
.¦even] years. Nixon recently re-
Turned from Cuba, where he Epent sev
' * rai months for the benefit of his
. hf-zLlth. His friends assert that he was
\ 'cboring under a fit of insanity when
ht killed the two men.
S-ecijJ Dispatch to The Call.
Captain Haan found a schooner's
boom with sails attached and other
wreckage, which he says belonged to
the schooner Triumph. These, with the
finding of the Triumph's name board
many weeks ago, is considered to seal
the doom of that craft, the oldest of
the Victoria fleet. She carried a white
crew of nineteen men, a Chinese cook
and one or two Indian hunters. Sha
v.as thirty years old and was not con
sidered by water front men here as
stanch as she might be owing to her
age and hard life.
The Triumph was owned by the Vic
toria Sealing Company, who have no
longer much hope that they will see
the vessel again. It is reckoned that
upward of forty white men and thirty
Indians have perished with the two
schooners. All the other coasting seal
ing schooners have reported on the west
coast or come home.
The Umbrina was then bound for
Clayoquot, west coast Vancouver Isl
and, to land her mate, vitio was very
sick. Since then she has never been
heard of, and Captain Haan says she is
assuredly gone with all hands, as she
must have encountered the awful gales
of March 17. -¦:./.
The Umbrina carried a half white and
half Indian crew. She was owned by
Captain Peppitt, now in Nova Scotia,
and was one of the largest boats of the
fleet, built in Nova Scotia, in Queen
Charlotte Sound.
Captain Haan of the sealing schoon
er Jessie, Just arrived from his sealing
cruise along the coast from California
to Alaska, reports having found a lit
tle south of the Columbia River float
ing wreckage, consisting of broken
sealing boats and canoes, oars, spars,
rails and davits, which he ascertained
belonged to the schooner Umbrina. Cap
tain Blackstadt, with which ha bad
sailed in company for several days
early in March.
VICTORIA. B. C, May 7. — Victoria
is in mourning over the worst shipping
disaster in its history since the steam
er Islander collided with an iceberg at
Douglas Island, Alaska, and sank. The
sealing schooners Triumph and Um
brina, the largest of the fleet, are giv
en up as lost with all hands ' in the
hurricanes that sunk the Scotch ship
Lamorna.
Special Dispatch ta Tbe Call.
' Murderer, Who Only Recently Re
turned From Codi, Surrenders
Himself to the Police
Wreckage of Two Vessels Is Found
at, Sea and Victoria Mourns for
Victims of the Storm.
. Tragedy Is tlie Outcome oi
an Old and Bitter
Family Feud.
Terrible Disaster to Seal
ers 0K i tlie North
western Coast
Forty White Men and
TWrty Indians
Perisli.
TOKIO, Usy 7. — Vice A&miral
Togo's official recital of the latest en-
Prominent Politician
oi Texas Shoots
Cousins.
TOKIO. May 8 (12 m.).— The .Japan
ese, captured Fengwangcheng day be-
Japanese Control
All Southern
Manchuria.
Entire Crews of
Four Vessels
Perish.
KILLS TWO
OE WIFE'S
RELATIVES
SCHOONERS
SINK WITH
THE CREWS
Channel Blocked
at an Awful
Sacrifice.
Kuropatkin Falls
Back Toward
Liaoyang.
RUSSIA'S YALU ARMY IS AGAIN IN FULL RETREAT;
PORT ARTHUR GARRISON WILL DESPERATELY RESIST
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
xn vuan,
ctju> fie tltlrtT Imhui'i cn»T*ng
- — "H*^ M»y «3 ' -"!;^" ; : :
ZWS 1 8UM&W3 OHKttBBBA HUM}
ZKfeft mart* vtatfJb *^mjagl>g to
Ullll ¦! lIllTj
The San Francisco Call
Alcazar— "TTio Profligate."
Calif ornia — "Our 3Tew Minlrtar.'*
Central — "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde. 1 *
Chutes — "Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Borers Brother* la
London."
Grand — "Cleopatra." llatineo
To-Day.
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matiaea
To-Day.
TItoU — "When Johnny Cosies
M»T*Ti4i. g Kome."
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN; FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 34.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 160.Chicago Physician Reports to Police
the Mysterious Disappearance of
Precious Substance.
TUBE CONTAINING RADIUM
EITHER LOST OR STOLEN
CHLOROFORM IS THROWN
IXTO A REVIVAL 3IEETTXG
WABASH, Ind.. May 7.— While Chris
tian Holiness people were in the middle
of an enthusiastic revival meeting at
their tabernacle here" to-day an un
known person dashed a big bottle of
chloroform over the congregation. Nu
merous persons were bo overcome that
they had to be dragged to the doors
before they revived.
shops should be closed and barricaded
before the arrival of any transport
train. In cases where this was done'
the soldiers, disappointed In their
hopes of getting food in the towns,
rushed in wild disorder to the sur
rounding villages and plundered the
cottages of the peasants to satisfy their
ravenous hunger.
At Sassevo. in the province of Tam
boff. a horde of 2200 half-starved sol
diers left a transport train, invaded
the town and plundered all the provis
ions on sale at the stalls in the market
place. The peasants, whose produce
was thus stolen, resisted the onslaught
of the troops and a fierce fight took
place, in the course of which several
were killed and many wounded. In
many other towns In European Russia
the soldiers go about the streets beg
ging before they start for -the f ront-
If occurrences of this kind are possible
at the European end of the Trans-SI
berlan Railway, lt may be imagined in
what a terrible plight the troops in
Manchuria may be now or will be later
on in the campaign.
CZAR DISMISSES GENERA!*.
Over and above these defects come !
the serious blunders made in purely 1
military matters. It has been found
that many officers at the front are ab
solutely unfit to perform the duties of
their positions, and General Kuropat
kln's first act on arriving at his head
quarters in Manchuria was to send j
home two colonels, Tschisch and Mon- I
ajeff by name, both of whom were in
command of Infantry regiments, and
both of whom were quite incapable of I
Continued on Page 23, Column 1.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 7.— Benjamin
Smith Is under arrest here on a charge
"of swindling, the complainant in the
case being ex-Senator W. D. Wash
burn, and it is said one of the witnesses
against Smith when be is brought to
trial Trill be James J. HI1L Smith rep
resented himself as a representative of
an encyclopedia and art concern, called
on Washbum and exhibited a check
.for $150 purporting to be signed by J.
J. Hill for a "write up" in an encyclo
'pedia. Washburn was impressed, a^id
Oauscs the Arrest of a Representative
of tat Art Concern on a Charge
of Swindling.
EX-SENATOR WASHBURN
IN" HOLE OF PROSECUTOR
Among Smith's effects was found a
letter of identification to Hill written
on private paper by Andrew Carnegie
bearing the coat-of-arms of Skibo Cas
tle, Scotland.
Smith secured a check from him for
$150.
While Russians themselves have been
acting in this way, it is not surprising
that Finns have shown still more re
luctance to go to the Far East to fight
Russia's battles. Finnish regiments
stationed at Viborg and Sveaborg re
ceived orders to proceed to Manchuria,
whereupon the men protested with
great vigor, declaring that nothing
would Induce them to go. Threats of
punishment were of no avail and flu
ally Russian regiments had to be
brought from other garrison towns to
drive the stubborn Finns to *the rail
way station by force. The Finnish
troops were deprived of their arms and
conveyed . through the streets under
strong escort, while several military
bands played lively Russian airs in or
der to drown the noise of the Finns
protests, shouted at the tops of their
voices, agalnat ' the treatment meted
out to them. On arrival at the sta
tions, the Finns had literally to be
thrown into the cars by main force and
riotous scenes naturally ensued.
Remarkable revelations of corrup
tion and mismanagement have been
made in' regard to the war supplies of
all kinds for the use of the army at
the front. The War Office ordered
1000' sacks of wheat from a Russian
gTain dealer at Odessa for the use of
the troops and chance led to the dis
covery that one of the sacks contained
an impure mixture. A detailed inves
tigation followed and it was proved
that out of 1000 sacks no less than
950 contained small quantities of real
wheat mixed with larger quantities of
injurious adulterations of various
kindi. . Further investigations led to
the discovery that a number of other
grain dealers had perpetrated a sim
ilar swindle. Thousands of boots sup
plied for the troops turn out to have
i been made of brown paper, and huge
quantities of tinned foods have been
found unfit for consumption." Some of
them.were so poisonous that the reg
iments eating them would have been
decimated long before they had a'
chance of getting face to face wth the
enemy In the field.
TROOPS ARE HALF-STARVED.
Along the route of the Trans-Sibe
rian Railway, which carries all .the
reinforcements to the scene of hostil
ities, the arrangements for feeding the
outgoing troops have completely brok
en down in places, so that the unfor
tunate soldiers are often reduced to
the verge of, starvation during the
long journey of several weeks. As a
result /of the short rations .received
the men arrive in Manchuria In a
physical condition unfavorable to suc
cessful operations in trying circum
stances. At ' the towns where the
transport trains ' traveling eastward
1 stop the 'soldiers rush out of the cars
and plunder the 'shops where eatables
can be obtained. 'The officers found it
impossible to check these excesses,
and after a few futile attempts they
contented themselves with telegraph
ing a warning. In advance that all
with their wives and families, when the
Russian guards perceived them and.
being too much in the rear to overtake
them, fired Indiscriminately Into the
group. Ten men, twelve women and six
children were killed on the spot, and
the remainder surrendered to escape
the same fate.
Much trouble has been caused by the
refusal of the adherents of many re
ligious sects in different parts of Rus
sia to perform the military service
which the law of Russia requires of
them. These sectarians accept the doc
trine of non-resistance as interpreted
by Tolstoi i\nd they will not bear arms,
even "though they should be shot for
high treason. The Russian authorities
Imprison them, knout them and pun
ish them in a variety of other ways,
but the Tolstoyists, who number many
thousands, remain true to their con
victions and are lost to the Russian
army. Other Tolstoyists, who have not
sufficient courage to defy the military
authorities !n this open way, don uni
form and go to the front, but they are
a source of danger to their own side,
because they deliberately shoot In such
a manner that their bullets cannot pos
sibly kill or wound any • of the hos
tile army. Thus they satisfy their own
conscience without facing the unpleas
ant consequences of openly defying the
authorities.
FINNS DRIVEN TO THE FRONT.
Many instances of the extraordinary
patriotism of the Japanese became
known here and caused intelligent Rus
sians, from the Czar downward, to re
flect upon the reason for the marked
difference between Japan and Russia in
this respect. The young Russians who
desired to evade military service prac
ticed all sorts of cunning - devices to
achieve, their object. After the out
break of the war the Russian author
ities refused all applications from Rus
sian men for passes permitting them to
leave the country, so that the fugitives
from military service had to cross the
frontier under various disguises and
with false passports.
Large numbers who had not the
means to adopt these methods attempt
ed to walk across the boundaries to
Pressia and Austria under the cover of
darkness, trusting to luck to evade the
vigilance of the Russian frontier
guards. German newspapers Issued In
the eastern provinces of Prussia and
Austria have published accounts of at
least three dozen encounters between
fugitives and Russian frontier guards,
and in most cases the Russian troops
simply shot down those who were try
ing to reach German or Austrian ter
ritory. In one case a large party of
fugitives from military service were on
the point of crossing the Russo-German
frontier near Wilhelmsbrueck, together
ST. PETERSBURG, May 7.— It is
an open secret here that the situation
in the Par East has inspired the Czar,
the Imperial family and the members
of the Government with grave fears
for the future of the Russian empire.
Neither the Czar nor his advisers ex
pected that Japan would push matters
to extremes and the events since the
rupture of diplomatic relations have
developed their first alarm into panic,
pure and simple. There have been
blunders, big and small, in all the de
partments of army and navy, and
there have been manifestations of op
position to the war among the Rus
sian people themselves, which . must
fill the hearts of the powers that be
with dismay. •
The violently unpatriotic attitude of
considerable sections of the Russian
nation has been the severest blow to
the Czar, who has been plunged Into
despair by the discovery that bo many
of his subjects detest him and his
Government. No sooner was war de
clared than there was a rush of young
men liable to compulsory military
service at the front to escape from the
country and thus evade their obliga
tions to the fatherland.
The Czar felt this all the more
keenly because it offered such a strik
ing contrast to the patriotism shown
in Japan. In one case where a young
Japanese 'soldier was exempted from
active service at . the front on the
ground that he was the sole support
of his widowed mother the mother
committed suicide in order that her
boy might be free to take the field
against the nation's enemy and with
her last breath handed him the dag
ger with which she had stabbed her
self to the heart, commanding him. to
plunge it into as many Russian bodies
as possible.
Wealthy Japanese who were not "re
quired to perform active military ser
vice sacrificed brilliant professional and
commercial careers to enlist as com
mon soldiers and young Japanese who
.were not allowed to go to the front on
account of physical unfltness commit
ted suicide because they were ashamed
to be thus debarred from risking their
lives for the sake of the fatherland.
DODGING MELTTARY SERVICE.
BY SERGIUS VOLKHOFFSKY.
(Copyright, 1904, by Curtis Brown.)
Brown Paper Boots; Spurious
Flour and Ancient Meat
Served to Soldiers Sent
Forth to Fight Japanese
ARMY SCANDALS
V STIR POPULACE
War With Japan Has Ex
posed Woeful Bungling
and Shameful Corruption
on Part of Russian Officials
GZAR FEARS
FOR FUTURE
OF EMPIRE
SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, MAY S, 1904.
CHICAGO. May 7. — A glass tube,
half an Inch long, containing radium,
has disappeared from the office of Dr.
William Allen Pusey. Whether it was
lost or stolen the loser does not know.
The radium was received by Dr.' Pusey
a few days ago from Paris. He was
treating a patient for an affection of
the face when the precious substance
disappeared. The missing radium.was
of the usual grade for scientific use,
worth about $200,000 per ounce, Troy.
22
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I B. KATSCHINSKI
1 Philadelphia Shoe Co.
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
rj Adjoinlsff Call BnUdixur. \
I Shoes We Advertise
I Boom Our Business
m Our Shoe offerings bring *>•
M trade. We advertise Shoes at such
Q low prices that they cannot be
H duplicated elsewhere. W« adver-
0 tlse these big bargains at such
B low prices to Indues new patrons
N to trade with us and to prove to
I our regular customers that when
fj they buy from us they save money.
H For this week — Children's and
M Misses' Three-Button Strap Pat-
Si ent Leather Sandals, vlcl kid
H Quarters, turned soles and spring
tj heels. Widths B to E. OVB
R PBXCTS BEDTJCED 1
M Child's sizes. 6 to 8 S5c
h Child's sizes, 8^ to 11 03c
y Misses* sizes, 11 to 2.... 81.20
I Coolie Cloth Oxfords
The new cloth for Ladles' Ox-
fords. Will stand the dust and
dirt and is cool on tha feet and
particularly adapted for summer
wear. Coin toes and tips, asratine
eyelets, turned soles and French
heels. TEE PRICE ONLY
ffl.SO. Sizes 2% to 7%i. Widths
a to a
Tans Are the Style
For summer wear no leather has
ever given better satisfaction than
the tans. They are a change from
the black; they look neat and com-
fortable; they are easily dusted
and cleaned; they are ¦rtrhat you
want. Ladles' Tan Vici Kid Lace
Shoes, with medium coin toes and
tips. duTable soles and military
heels. WE OFFER THE31 AT
81.75 A PAIB. Sizes 2& to S.
Widths B to C
Boys' Oxfords Cheap
Big bargains in Boys' Oxford
Ties. Made up In patent leather
or vlcl kid. with swell toes and
tips, durable soles and the new
low, flat school heels. Widths C
to E. PRICES OSEATZiT SE-
DUCED AS FOLLOWS:
Little Gents' sizes. 9 to 13^..85o
Youths' sizes. 1 to 2 Ooc
Boys' sizes. 2% to 6 81.15
tt£Mil> 70S OXJK JliiW TT iTi1T3-
TRATED CATAZ.OQTTE.
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD ST.. Baa Traactico.
Perfect Fitting (/Mf
w Eyeglasses cM
Ij At Moderate Cost (j
B?gS5J\A/E AK MEN
bmta DR. HALL'S RElXVIGORATOIt
ml **^Vl stops all losses and unnatural dU-
3 H csarses In 24 hours. You feel ta
M ¦ glgj iropruveinent from the first do««.
RTTl PJ|ffl \V« have so much coaSdence in our
LQJ U;aLj treatment that we cCer Five Hun-
£7? "|_JEs£l dred reward for any case we ca.n-
IBiaaaSBm* not cure. This secret remedy cures
lost cower, nightly emissions, wasted organs,
varleccele, Kleet. strictures, kidneys, falling
memory, drains la the urine, gonorrhoea, dla-
eas« of the prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of self-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst cases In old or young of that morti-
fying condition, quickness of the discharge, an.1
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed, $2
per bottle, three bottles. $3. Guaranteed to
cure any case.
Call or sddress order* HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal
Also for sale at 1073ft Market St.. S. V. Send'
for free book.
Woman j
M *l^\^\M MARVEL Whirling Sprav
X^ISxC^^^W lto * tn * et Suetin. n«U-8af-
. iiJT^ >/"*'/> I1 1 !»¦¦¦!¦ I-- '-tiIj.
isk year irsftht lor It. \t JSfL *-"^^«»
If hr cannot supply tha V-. iGiSS»U"'.- 1 'I J?^
MAKVKI,. accept no N^?V ''-^#<5\j_.
other, b«it n-nd stamp for Slfc. "l~iT^A/^r" '•>
lllnstrated book— **•**. Itgtres \\ / '¦¦'¦Z/J^ I
fnll particulars and rtlrection^ lu- \'> § J j
Ta!n»ble to4.-ul:e» M.IKV»:n;O., l Yj., , ' 3
4 1 Turk Hun, Men 1 ork, , i^^jhlljt^
152 New Montgomery, San Frar.ctsco. CaL
"William Hattcroth (Ladles' DepU). 224 Suttn*
Union Drug Co.,214 Kearny A VaaKm A mw" «
Osgood Brothers... Tth and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy • . -lift El! U
.WEEKLY CALL t $l t 00 PES 7EAB.
ADVEHTISEMENT3.
Get the
Habit. Thousands are greatly
benefiited by it. . It is the taking
of Hood's Sarsaparilla in the
spring — the best medicine for pu-
rifying the blood, clearing the
complexion and building up the
whole system.
Fifteen thousand testimonials
received in 1903! An average of
fifty every business day — one.
year's record, unprecedented in
the history of medicine, and su-
perabundant evidence , of un-
equaled merit.
After the cold winter a hot
summer is predicted. Prepare for
it by building up the system with
I Hood's Sarsaparilla
Sold .everywhere." Get "only
.Hood's. " -~7-^ ;
. ADVEBTISEMEITTS. .
Fit for Business Also
$ 6to $ 15
/^SJSSSB . The two-piece suit was originally de-
'MgS^W signed as a recreation garment. But to-
day lt has been ad °Pt ed b Y many men as
W^M a P ro P er suit for business during summer.
JWm Its C00 ' and comfortable, stylish and
_^<<$^&& dressy. Being light in weight, it must
,i<^ : -"^«Sg^-. e made r !^ht to hold its shape. Ours
/ Q:- aM'* :^mm&^ are made ri S ht The P rj ces, too, are the
Iowest P° ssibIe for which reliable goods
xiis(^^^M*' ; **"-"* : ""'^^^ t *^^M a^ sold.
" /^^^J^^^^ffi^ The suits are made "in single-breasted
&W Pllni ?*3[ le as P^tured and in Norfolk style with
m$ S^g^St^P^ belt and box plaits. The coats are quarter
fe-^i h " ed , with siIk or satin and ha ve satin
WWM^^iM^Wi Piped seams and bellows pockets. The
fi^vp^^^i P^s are ? iade wj th belt straps, peg-tops
and turned-up bottoms. y
W^XBM The trials are blue serge, home-
s P^ n » crash and flannel. The prices are
MM, S12.50,S10.00,S8.>0,S7J0 and
M&Wi W^ \ Business suits in elegant Spring pat-
. & : f * V terns of all shades, latest cut, single-
SK^S breasted, concave shoulders, long, narrow
&M WMm l 2 p Z 1^ a^ d close-fitting neck; regular
|pf pK| SI 2.50 suits for $8.50. *
fiM ,w Top coats are aI1 ( h e this Spring
Ilk We are showin S them in swell shades of
-znto* s tan for S 8 - 50 -
Mail orders filled- S> .\I.\A/n H fl JC, ft\ Q^er clothes by mail
wlo. to-day. Address W/ V^UVJU <fr |JJ» from u S pn d commence
Dept L '74Q Market Street ; saving money.
DR. PIEBCE'S •R.TVM"CT>TES.
~r Thst
I Toils.
In the six day bicycle races the pace
tells terribly at. the. end. Man after
man falls out exhausted. The victor
wabbles wearily over the Use. In the
business race it's the same. Man after
man drops out exhausted. The success-
ful man is often a dyspeptic, unable to
enjoy success. When the stomach is
diseased there is not enough nutrition
assimilated to sustain the body and re-
pair the daily waste of tissues. The
result is weakness, tending to collapse.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cores diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
enables the perfect assimilation of food
by which the body is . built up with
sound, healthy flesh.
"I hare taken one bottle of Doctor Ptece't
Golden Medical Discovery for indigestion and
! liver complaint. 1 * writes Mr. C M. Wilson, of
Yadfcin College. Davidson Ox, N. C "Have
bad no bad spells since I commenced taking
your sedidne— In fact, hare not felt like the
same man. Before I took the ' Golden Medical
Discovery' I could not tat anything without
1 awful distress, but now I can eat anything I
wish without having unpleasant feelings. Last
summer oar baby was teething and was so poor
he was almost a skeleton. We gav« him rour
'Golden Medical Disovery' and now h:uu
healthy and well as any child. I will speak a
good word for your medicine whenever I have
1 an opportunity."
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure sick headache.
Bad ways
> Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cansea
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
. For cur* of all disorders of Stomach. Liver.
Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder. Female Irregularities.
SlckH«adach«.BUlonsneaa,Constlpatlon,PUes and
all derangements of Internal Viscera. C5o box.
At druggists" tr by mall. Radway St Co.. N T«
I a»" . .
j ~~~~~ — ~~~~~~~~~~~~
GREAT
SHIRTWAIST SALE
Begins To-Morrow (Monday) Morning.
We Offer Three Lines of
SUMMER WAISTS
As Follows:
$2.50, $3 and $4 Lawn Waists
$1.50 Each
You may -be interested in knowing, how we got possession
of them — it's the old story— buying supremacy. ' You will. J be
more interested when you see these dainty white creations,' en-
hanced with an abundance of embroidery, lace, tucking, inser-
tion and style. They are worth and sell regularly $2^50 to $4.00
each — take our word for that. : The-^ale 'price <P-f r«A tit
.win be.......:... ¦...'.. .:..¦¦> I.jQ each
Sec the Sutler Street Windows
$1.50 and $1.75 75c Waists, 50c
Waists, 90c each each
Splendid white lawn, dimity Good every-day waists of
and Oxford waists, easily worth good quality lawn— polka dot
$1.50 and $i.7S- They come designs: and black pipings
in a variety of patterns, down front panel. They are
adorned with lace, embroid- exceptionally well made and
"No^many, so come early are ?J«t bargains when you
and get your choice QAp consider the sale price P/j
ADVERTISESIENT^ \^ _^^
*** ""'ill iii ill ] r7rrV**?5!£«v^^ ¦ & 4 b 4 a
J^(f t »^' I I ! ' ' '• Ml V i L ' I • I j I '7 a ' l '-|*K '«w. d ™ I m
'Lrrrftrg^ —^T "I"/* "*>?v^ j7 'J_-^_^==== 3 t5fiiBiy U'ACTC DQHnilPT £YTDAPTCn
[SHffi^j^F^IZ /^-" o-" • v$ '. • j^^^^nri^^^ nAolL rnuUUbi CAlnMulLU
rm}- ~? y* J "^V*. --~^\* '-^^^\^ ¥ P' HtRiiiul luALLY otALfcu
/<f = >\ (R^V^*v*»^ I § : 1-^ a GEzrarsrEi.-5r msbitoh-ioixs
y$8*"«p r ASnCLT JOE DAILY USE— A
fk> iS^t) %**^HS§2iPr rSIEZTD TO THE GBOCEB WHO
Y : &^j&£*^Q SBX1S THEM. A2TO A BOOM TO
I [ j Tm^^^|\ j§$T y 3s§**^=s3*§L TSB coHsvma* who uses
I K^^T / r^^55~?S5&Po :^^v % ** * C^V The hl Shest grades of wheat, oats,
/'J^rO' i^X 1^//./ corn and rlce are converted by the only
"Xll ttei*_r 3^^w- l^ii^^*r^ fc^Xv^^^^ l \^\^^ v method of aterillzlnsr that retains to the
4 Hl^^^pH^vfEH \y*^w0'§W^^ * raIn lts natural sweetne " and nutr1 '
K^^^^lSiP^A Oi^L <Z-S£jJQ&\rf\n\ 3 common enemies, to wit: weevils, germs,
Our Products are recommended by all
jA^* -**-^ •¦¦5^^ physicians. Health giving: and pre»erv-
ff V» Ins for young and old.
I TRADE MARK I — '
"^ mmmmmmm * Deane Food Sterilizing
I & Manufacturing Co*
SAW PBAKCXSCO. OAXh. XT. S. A.Fire' Destroys Coronado Landmark.
SAN DIEGO, May, 7. — "Moody
Castle," . one ; of the unique; houses on
Coronado' Beach, has been, destroyed
by fire. Only 'one person- was in the
War 'News Contlmied^on Page 24.
PARIS, May 7. — The critical situa
tion of Russia's land- and sea forces
excites feverish interest, the Russian
reverses causing: almost as much de
pression here as in St. Petersburg. The
organization called- Les Femmes de
France turned over to the Russian
embassy to-day two complete field
hospitals of 100 beds each. * This or
ganization is composed of women in
large cities throughout France, includ
ing members of many noble families.
Two more hospital outfits will be as
sembled shortly. The embassy-sends
this hosnital to the front under the
direction of the Empress, who if? per
sonally superintending the efforts of
French women in behalf of the Rus
sian wounded. •
The official view is that Russia has
suffered a serious blow. The Foreign
Office had not received to-night offi
cial confirmation that Port Arthur was
completely invested by land and sea,
but a leading official said:
"We accept the investment as an ac«.
complished fact, for even if the har
bor is not completely blocked an in
vestment exists for all practical pur
poses. The landing- is considered
merely preliminary to 'a supreme
struggle, which will occur soon near
Mukden. Upon this will largely de
pend the outcome of the Avar."
Diplomatic negotiations during the
week took a definite form to restrain
China from joining Japan or otherwise
breaking neutrality. The French Min
ister at* Peking and; it is understood,
the Ministers of all the powers, Includ
ing the United -States, joined in the
representation. The result has .been
satisfactory." the imperial 'government
giving a positive, promise to not vary
from a rigid observance of 'neutrality.
Officials -.are somewhat "doubtful or
Chinese promises, as they recall that
after a former , declaration of neu
trality , China ' permitted the Black
Flags to assail French interests. How
ever, China's positive ; declaration,
backed by the identical positiou of the
powers/: is "considered as reducing
China's participation to a minimum.
S The readiness w'ith which the Rus
sian loan wa"s placed in Paris is fur
ther, evidence of French sympathy, and
a* belief -in -the certainty of Russia's
eventual- success. Although the^out
side'amount Russia desired was $160;
000,000,; • a single .'group of French
bankers was v ready to underwrite a
$200,000,000 loan. .. ,
Russia's Ally Feds Keenly the De
feats, of Czar's Forces.
FRANCE IS DEPRESSED.
LONDON, May 7.— Quiet confidence
continues to prevail here that the Japa
nese in their own good time will carry
out all their carefully arranged plan of
compaign on the Liaotung Peninsula,
which is now generally regarded as be
ing practically in Japanese hands.
In diplomatic quarters no events are
expected, either in the shape of a Chi
nese breach of neutrality or the media
tion of .some power which would inter
fere with the normal course of the war.
Foreign Secretary Lansdowne has re
ceived explicit information which leads
him to the belief that there is no dan
ger of the Chinese failing to maintain
strict neutrality. The Chinese Minister
called at the Foreign Office here this
week and so assured Lord Lans
downe. An attempt -at mediation, ac
cording to the general opinion in of
iicial and diplomatic circles, must for
the present at any rate be postponed..
At the Japanese legatitm it is be
lieved that Russia does not intend to
make a very determined resistance at
Port Arthur. . In support of this idea
it is pointed out that Russia already
ha3 largely depleted her garrison, at
Port Arthur and that Viceroy Alexleff's
departure from there hardly seems a
step that would be adopted by a com
mander who desired to risk everything
Britons Are Confident .Japanese Will
Capture tho Stronghold.
•PORT ARTHUR DOOMED.
Care In 'Fruit Curing Urged.
SAN JOSE, May 7. — At -the annual
house at the time the fire started and
he escaped after being severely
burned. The contents of the. cottage,
which was one of the landmarks on
the beach, were lost. The cause of
the fire is a mystery.*
meeting of the Santa Clara County
Fruit Exchange to-day President Her
sey in his report emphasized the fact
that the growers are not exercising the
same care as formerly In curing fruit,
and he urged the absolute Necessity
of co-operation If the growers hope
to receive remunerative prices here
after, u —
To crown everything, too many cooks
are spoiling the broth here in SL
Petersburg.. The War Office is nom
inally in charge of the army, and the
Ministry of Marine of the navy. The
committee .appointed to advise the
Czar on Far Eastern questions has a
voice in th? control of operations, and
the committee appointed to advise the
Czar on the war has another share in
the management of affairs. Tha Grand
Duke Vladimir, commander. in chief of
tho troops in and around St. Peters
burg, very much desired to go to the
front as commander in chief in place of
Kuropatkin, but his. nephew, the Czar,
would not consent to this arrange
ment. -The Grand - Duke Vladimir
being compelled to stay at home, now
feels that he ought, at least, to have
the supreme direction of military af
fairs in St. Petersburg and does his
utmost to "boss" Kuropatkin over; the
telegraph wrres. On the other hand,
the Grand Duke- Alexis Alexandro
vitch,, another uncle of the Czar, is
commander in chief yo* the Russian
navy, and he feels that in virtue of his
office he is entitled to have supreme
control o'f all naval operations in the
Far East.
Lastly comes the Czar, who is neither
soldier nor sailor, who is bewildered by
the ,. conflicting advice showered on
him by his various committees of ad
vice arid elderly relatives of mediocre
abilities. The prevailing confusion'; is
well; Illustrated by the way news^from
the seat of war is handled.. Telegrams
from the commanding generals and
and banished him to a remote village
in a Caucasian province.
SOLDIERS DIE OF EXPOSURE.
The news of the death of over 1009
soldiers from exposure and cold near
Lake Baikal, which was recorded some
weeks ago and then officially denied,
turns out to be correct. These unfor
tunate men were sent on their journey
of 5000 miles by rail in cars which were
only partially closed and altogether un
heated. The temperature being 40 or
50 degrees below zero, their sufferings
were intense and more than 100 suc
cumbed. Since that disaster better ar
rangements have been made for heat
ing the transport cars, but there are
still many shortcomings to be remedied.
The Trans-Siberian Railway is ful
filling the expectations of those who
prophesied that it would break down
as soon as it was required to achieve
an unusual^task. All along the line the
rails are too light for the burdens which
they haye to bear and many derail
ments have taken place. The accidents
have been comparatively harmless, ow
ing to the slow speed at which the
trains travel, but serious delays have
been caused. Most of the transport
trains goins eastward are taking six
or seven v/eek3 to reach Manchuria,
instead of the scheduled time of three
weeks. Admiral Alexieff, the Viceroy of
the j Far East, has expressed his ex
treme displeasure at the defective
v.-orking of the Manchurian end of the
Trans-Siberian, and some of the prin
cipal railway officials at Mukden and
Taschitschao have been dismissed for
gross neglect of official duties. The
Official Gazette here recorded these dis
missals and , added that Alexieff had
threatened other railway men with dire
penalties if there were not a marked
improvement, in the punctual transport
of troops and military supplies.
HAMPERED BY U>~CLES.
CUR FEARS FOR EMPIRE'S FUTURE
Cyniinuctl Prom Page 22. Column 6.
biding refponsible military posts. At
thc-]iir£t bombardment of Vladivostok
t»x- the Japanese fleet the Russian offi
orah^ dispatches mentioned the surpris
ing fact that the Russian batteries
'nlade no attempt to return the fire of
ih<i Japanese Khipe. the alleged reason
b^ing that the guns on the Japanese
worships carried farther than the guns
in the chore batteries, which were
therefore unable to return th^ enemy's
frre. The real reason, however, was
t!*at the shells sent to Vladivostok for
the 'U8C of the artillerv in the forts
were several millimeters too big for
the muzzles of the guns for which they
were intended, so that the entire artil
lery of tho fortress was rendered help
less until a fresh supply of ammunition
of the right size was rushed out in hot
haste from Moscow and St. Petersburg.
Sc-on after the beginning of the war
it was found that a considerable quan
tity of artillery which had been ordered
a year previously for the army was, not
ready for service, but the Inspector
general of artillery, General Altvater,
informed the Czar thaf"it would be
available for use within a few weelcs.
The few weeks having elapsed the
Czar made inquiries about the artillery
and ascertained that it could not pos
sibly be ready within the next twelve
i months. In his wrath at this blunder,
admirals giving' accounts of operations
are addressed to the Czar, who receives
them first and passes them on to his
relatives of the irrfperial family for
perusal. N.ext they are shown to the
committee- of advice on the war and
then to the committee of advice on
Far Eastern affairs. Finally, after a
delay of three or four hours, copies of
the dispatches reach the Ministries of
War and Marine, which are thus kept
in ignorance of events or vital import
ance hours after the news has reached
St. Petersburg. Many other cases of
amazing muddling at headquarters
could be cited. If the generals on land
and the admirals at sea cannot emanci
pate themselves from the control of the
court camarilla in St.- Petersburg, their
prospects of Success will indeed be
small.
to keep up the morale of his troops and
enable them to withstand a prolonged
siege. The Japanese officials .here do
not count so. much upon the Japanese
commander succeeding in starring out
Port Arthur as on the inevitabl^de
nioralization which they believe will
spread" amonj? the already rather dis
heartened sailors a'nd soldiers at Port
Arthur, and which must necessarily be
heightened by a constant sea bom
bardment, menace by the land forces
and complete isolation.
— As regards the land fighting in Man
churia and the disposition of the other
mysterious Japanese armies, Baron
Hayashi said to-day:
"You may be pretty sure that the
Japanese will not undertake any en
gagement in the near future unless our
fcrces outnumber those available by
the Russian commander, and I think
you : will ¦ find the superiority of num
bers will generally, for the present at
any rate, be on our side."
which he termed inexcusable, " he dis
missed General Altvater from his post
THE SAN FRAMGISCO CALL^ SUNDAY,' MAY : S, 1904.
23
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
KILL THE DANDBITTP QESM
Or Your Hair Will Pall Out Till You
Become Bold. -
Modern science has discovered that
dandruff is caused by, a germ that digs
up the scalp In scales, as it burrows
down to the roots of the hair, where' it
destroys the hair's vitality, causing fall-
inj* hair. and., ultimately, baldness. After
Prof. Unna of Hamburg. Germany, dis-
coverto the dandruff germ, all efforts to
find a remedy failed until the great lab-
oratory discoverjt was made which re-
sulted in Newbro's IIerpicide.\ lt ; alone
of all other hair preparations kills the
dandruff germ. Without dandruff, hair
grows luxuriantly.- ¦ "Destroy the cause,
you remove the effect." Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for Tjam-
ple to The Herplcide Co.. Detroit, Mich.
¦ i. lie ; one : mc3.ns. ot misir
the grade . of trade is goo
goods— Schilling's Best
l« - ¦ " baktog-pewdcr - ipices
eoffe* flavoring extracts .» ¦ , toda
Your grocer's ; money back.
ADVZB.TISEMEKTS.
I
INDORSES
MESSRS. VVILCOX & WHITE:
Dear Sirs: — Deforc sailing I v.is'.i to tell you how
much I have enjoyed playing en your "Angclus." It is a
.,• . " ..,,...<¦'..¦
most wonderful invention, and, thanks to you, any one will
.now Icarn to play the piano perfectly in one hour. .Will
you kindly ship an "Angclus" to my home in Dresden —
same as I had here at the "Savoy.* 1
New York, April i, 1901. MARCELLA SEMBRICH.
Sherman, Gay & Co.
ANGELUS DEALERS
. SAM FRA\CISCO OAKLAND
Kearny 2nd Sutler Sis. . . . . 1 3th and Broadway
;/; ¦ -,;:. . . ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. v^. T *£\?.2
iPJ I^O i^\i^^Ciii tAfiifi ftinr PTnniftTii inn iiriiTii t« EIF* OH M thesprimg
.*?"C$byterian Pastor 1 * An Old Pastor Has Used Pc-ru-na. \ VPHPrafllP P^Qtnr RpQtnrpH tn QtrPlltfth Pastor Christian Church. Strong and vigorous at the Aic o)
p . p No man in the capital city of the State of Ohio Is better " " vll^l UUIO raO.lUI III/OIUI CU CU OU Cll^tll Rev. A. R. Adams, Pastor Christian Church of Fairfleld, Eighty-Eight.
/*• ' r raises reruna known than the Rev. James Poindexter. For many years he _ - -- --- V w\ ¦ Iowa, writes: . Rev J N Parker Utlca, N T wrlteaj
*~r- HE flay was when men of promi- has been the .successful pastor of the Second Eaptist Church % Ullll SlCul til DV ¦ C'TU'tlQ. "J was trouofe!i iin sleeplessness and nervousness for a "inJune" 1301. I lost my sens© ol
I'.-aenoe hesitated to give their testi- of that city. Every day his venerable figure and kindly face J period of nearly one year, also with catarrhal troubles. A brother hearing entirely.' My hearinr had been
. • r.io:nals to proprietary medicines for may be seen on the streets of the city where he has. labored -^^ ' -*^ >X' B ~V^*-^S^^^^^^^!*>^"^ > « V -y** l * 1 *«^l minister advised me to try Peruna. and after taking two bottles somewhat impaired for several years,
"; atton. for so many years. What a history of benevolence and self- A. l/^^^r^^^M^^^^^^^^SsC^Nf /^T % v S^S»^*-k m / trouble entirely disappeared. but not so much affected but that I could
.. This remains true to-day of most pro- sacrifice might be written by simply giving the details of the l/rf /f At J X^^^^^^^^^iM0^^^sS\ ( (k^l\ XV*! "I am satisfied that Peruna has wrought a complete cure in hold converse with my friends; but in
•.:.•• Lry medicines. everyday life of this faithful pastor and eloquent preacher. \V 1 I WW /A^»:-r ; <>^^»O\ tftv ) \\J my case and will advise Others Similarly afflicted to try this June, 1901. my sense of hearing left nu
* Vl'r^i'^pl^ed^^^av^ha? the' fine | «on. improve the digestion, and increase the tone and vigor X^^^^^^^^^^H
..-.¦¦.;.., \ ¦ :.. r relief ivas found and I am ' ot »»>¦ whole system was needed. The only remedy capable of j— -SS -^ST> WESSBSSf^AC^^^^^^ M Kvery preat success is sure to make enemies. , Peruna is of me 1 took I'pruna andVas ired I
* il * rf ije ": r h h^l t !! an * h^ e !kK Dr Hirtma^heTtltl" P T) T ' IT1 U^^^^BBHK- 47 PflT»k Avf». a great success and through. Jealousy and envy much lias Rave me strength and C oura K e ami mad-
* v^.*. , r ,\\ m (i i ip- recon - ITie -- d lctter lu Dn ar - ma n he btates. UP\/ 1 P 0^1 RH NP17 AW^WwAi n m; been said calculated to prejudice the public against it. healthy, pure blood. It increased my
,.V •¦ J ' ' -r^mrt r m S^^lT" »t 1 V 5 "My attention was called ssme time ago to your medicine for lVLl.Ul.UUOIuitVjClZ. S0^ S$$%Mxx§rVs AdDOTlCl NY ' „.,. . . ± , „ ' . . ti . „,. t weight, gave me a healthy color, and r
TU :"-.V,-"u. l e nd m^-cinc"— M. J. l ' t troubles bv Mr Cook an old reliable druoaist of this » ' SNSc^88Hp>C>V L All>a '^' iU ' *• J But those who have taken Peruna know better. The vast feel welL it is the best medicine in tho
r-r-ssmann. r.ieumai ctrouoies oy mr. look, an oia reuaoie aruggsi OT tnis I 'J- ' i^^-^^a*"^^^!! > *\ multitude of people who have been cured of catarrh in some worJ d If everyone kept Peruna in the
.-. . " city, and I take pleasure in saying that I have tried them and , ¦"^ form by Peruna will never cease to praise Peruna for the house it would save many from, death
-. r ' Catarrh Of the Stomach. found them good. It is my opinion that the remedy. Peruna, Rev . Dr . josiah Getz, 47 Park Ave.. Albany. N. Y., for years a Rabbi of tho k 6116 *"- 3 received. every year."— Rev. H. Steubenvofl.
'•*ftaM*i David Kloin "*6 E. M " t t is justly entitled to the fame which it has throughout the United Hebrew Synagogue, but now retired, writes: r~ — ->--^^--<---^->_--s^->-^-^--^-w-^-*^-w-v_«-^-^»-*^^
.fc'ittrbus. Ohio, writes" the /onowfng e \6 States -" $ " 'I am fully convinced of the merits of Peruna in cases of colds and \ r\ l»/L n U D ( &L '
y-i^rd^B^^^rto^teiufy A stron^ indorsement for Pc-ru-na From the Treasurer catarrh, and as a general tonic. I have taken it off and on now for \ KeaSOflS Wily re-riJ-na HaS beCOfTie the I
ta ti • • oumtivc rntrits of your medicine. of the \ational Prohibition Voters' League. several years and always find that it is very effective in restoring lost ) e\t. ' a a e\'^ i. r> j rxt.il/iJ 1
i»*»runa is a w«ii-tned and wideiv used j ,/ _, .. j rr j • jj- ., • . r ... \ Pororrh WomoHw r\T tha lA/nrln C
fepre&y. BspecUUr as .a spe.Mtic for cTi- Office National Independent Voters' League, St. Louis, strength and appetite, and very effecUve in ridding the system of cold. I ( OtdllUdfU udldlill ixClllCUY Ul UlC VVUIIU. 1
(rfxff i^f tlic stoma. h it cannot be ex- Mo? The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio: gladly endorse it." — Rev. Josiah Getz. y ) - — ¦ — — \
lti« leading temperance workers if, bevond a doubt tht most wonderful cure that long sufferers moVG effective. A short course of Peruna, assisted by the balmy air of spring, ( thousand patients in private practice OQIOre it was advertised by the inventor. BecaUSO
': SSi4?SS^. 1 %,ibS&£ 1 &^aiSf!S -SW^^*^^^ mw fi- n 5 i Everybo^'^uM^^ ,t is absolutely efficient ,n all cases. Because it contains no injurious ingredients of
Cy^h^-S^^t^iiS^n^SSttauS "/have suffered from this dread disease more, than twenty g L ( whatsoever character. Because it contains no whiskey, brandy or narcotics of any
. ' ' S/%^-^^^ f^ W^{ \ character whatsoever. Because it has stood the test of popular approval for twenty-
-_¦•¦• Free Advice. channel seeking relief, as some of my intimate friends -had ) James a. Handy. Bishop of the a. M. e. church, of Baltimore, Md. f \ five years. Because it has been endorsed by the most prominent people in the world, i
. ' Yfv., i <io net derive prompt and satis- been cured by it. \ ( writes from 1341 North Carey street: ( Because it is used in no less than two million homes in the United States to-day. Because
ttctory/ewit. from the use of Peruna. "lam pleased to tell you that I am to-day a perfecllv well i "/take pleasure in acknowledging the curative effects of Pe- { it is ths invention of the greatest catarrhal specialist in the world.
r^ui^t%^u^^£^S n^5 tHC runa ' At ths of a friend I used your remidy and cheer- ) These are the reasons that will continue to make Peruna the world's catarrh remedy
-&e"srat!i to eUc you his valuable **¦ for your great success, f am, \ fully recommend your Peruna to all who want a good tonic and a ( without rival, without substitute.
• -%adrtssJ>r. Hartrra:-. President of The "Sincerely, yours to command," ( safe euro for catarrh." \ JAMES A. HAKDY. m Be sure you get what you ask for.
II..rini^i: Sanlurium, Columbus, Ohfo. ' • C. L. B. POLSTON L-~~~^>^-^>^-*-^^~-^~^~^-< r^^-^~^^^^J ->''
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The remarkable increase in our Shoe busl-
/•w^^^ /\ ness didn't "Just happen," nor has it been duo
/ f \^ to good luck. Shoe values, style, quality and
I all at a fair price has made Kaufman's the
\ 4^K/C^2<. * most satisfactory Shoo store in San Francisco.
\ /&<P7i&2K. «L A cheap Shoe, lacking style, is value-leas. Tho
Vfe. Tt Fame priced Shoe, brimming over with stylo.
V^^a^^ M **s i^, <5rl * s the kind that has won for us the patronage
\ »^^ \ °* those who want style with quality, at mod-
Hj|||*ftJrr \^ \. The pictures in our ads. are reproduced di-
1 •'llfllln. \w rpct from the Shoes, but even at that they can-
A\ \\r*\\\ *"!llP»fe"&»to^_ 1 n ot show the chic, snappy smartness of tha
"I n'lii iHMCPmTiT^ 1^ I * Shoes themselves. You are invited to see them
, f" 1 '!!,., ' IJf i*U^ at any time.
{ I __ : '«JHi» r (i)_ Children's and Mlise»' Tan Calf Oxfords
H ffovaVjSgSJgj***. — With extension soles, medium broad t<">es;
a PS^^'^^v nt for country or city wear; a durable, styl-
I 11 |l§5sli§L*J^ J ¦ s ! zes 5 to R 81.2.1
If I^»/*j' The same thing exactiy in Tan Caff Laca
II O Shoes at the same prices.
VI *W,r\ A ' The. same Oxfords as above, also In fine kid.
[fiisL i&P \ wltn P atent leather tips, same prices.
H^k X*& \ Children'* and Misses' Imported Patent leatli-
ffigjJ^L V*n \ - er Oxfords — As above:
|ifflH^\*£-\ ,- Sizes 5 to 8 St.r.O
KsLBHftiL^XaP ~-—' .sizes 81& to ii i .rr.
H^BaBFTOaX^ VI Sizes' 11*4 to 2 U.OO
M T$M^&m!<& l *\ Boy»' Patent Colt (a reliable, sliiny leather)—
m Y^\ *a?^i-JA Hand Welted Oxford Ties, on a swell, man-
E9 -A&a WeMlMB^ nlsh last. Made like grown p*>opl« f f.
MliS«C. vraHk. sizes l?, to 2 »irlur.
« '--'iniHhttkSstlsffl^ Sizes 2*4 to 5>i -.\.-.O
El Mtim./ l 'i<! t -»T^g*MSSb3»w. The same Oxfords fnr boys in either tan
Aflp UiljJ|j%B JL J| a 5^^^^^ Russia calf or black box calf at tho same
flP • 'Jflw lt "£r (a) — ladies' Patent Colt Olbsoa Tie— Dull
U i>ack. like illustration; ties with a silk ribb«-i
a drawn through large eyelets: a reliable arti-
@ /^53v cle ' Pleasing to the eye^nd as durable as can
S/ - >fl^- ~ ' Ladles' Oark Tan Xid Blncner £ace Shoes—
BL Sott and fine for summer wear; a much
H^j. y^2^M prettier and better article than you would
K wfiwfrv /^-^^v^v O> — Ladies' Patent leather Button Shoes —
fci RS-^ll ft» \ Dull tops, plain too. like picture; French,
ra fc5n#\ " heels of fair heipht; a beautiful new dresa
B MS^y^L Shoo: in v/i^ths from AAA to K SH.oO
r%K"t ml .The same in I^ace Shoes, from l»w t<>
mh iC^^^"^^^ (**>— ladies' Pine Kid Oib«on Tla— Plain
Ha °Sj|\ 'I? '* toe> s i igllt i y extended soles: larso eyo-
iti&K ¦ <ll» ' lets and ribbon; very high military
w JH Tbe S ame in patent colt, with dull
wUB back '. $u,i)U
Jg~^. Outing Shoes for children and adults— the largest variety in town.
| f|>^63SMARKETaT.&^ "WAt Niagara Falls 35,000 horsepower Is
used in twenty different electrical pro
cesses for producing metals and chemi
cals.'
ference. There will be mass meet
ings at the conference hall to-morrow
afternoon and evening, when addresses
will be made by many prominent mem
bers of the conference.
E. H. Sothern produced at the Ac
tors' Fund benefit at the Garrlck The
ater, Philadelphia, last week a one-act
play dramatized by himself' of . Steven
son's ""Markheim." The story Is found
in "The Merry Men." It was very v/ell
received.
Blanche Stoddard, who recently sev
ered her connection with Nance
O'Nell's company In Boston, Is now
leading lady in a theater of that city.
She is playing Kundry in the Boston
production of "Parsifal" and has found
great favor with Boston theater-goers.
Fred Richards reported to the po
lice last night that hejvas robbed on
the. water front early yesterday morn
ing. Richards was drunk and claims
that two men stood him up and took
a valuable watch and chain from him.
D. L. Heape of 1771 Jackson street re
ported the burglarizing of his room
Friday night. He, lost a watch and
several toilet articles. ';. :?.
T\vo Men Lose Watches.
LOS ANGELES. May 7.— The Metho
dist General Conference to-day paid
eloquent tribute to the, memory of the
late President Willara,. McKinley. A
resolution presented by the Rev. J. W.
E. Bowen, colored candidate for Bishop
of Chattanooga, Tenn., struck a re
sponsive chord, and -the conference
adopted it by a standing vote, and re
ferred it to the committee on episco
pacy, with instructions to prepare a
memorial giving appropriate expression
of honor and respect. •
The session of the General Confer
ence was presided over to-day by
Bishop Willar F. Mallalieu, and a
large number of resolutions from the
various annual conferences were re
ceived, discussed and referred to the
proper committees. Debate on several
of these resolutions brought out ex
pressions of opinion from many of the
leading ministers and laymen. A reso
lution by the Rev. C. B. Perkins of
San Francisco gave promise for a brief
period of an interesting forensic con
test, but a motion by the Rev. Dr.
James M. Buckley to lay on the table
cut the matter short. The resolution
was to the effect that the episcopacy
committee, which will consider the
question of retiring, increasing or di
minishing the number of Bishops to be
elected,. be instructed to hold open ses
sions, as the ; rule adopted to hold exec
utive sessions "aroused suspicion in
the minds of many brethren that un
complimentary things;may be said of
some of our honored Bishops." A score
of delegates were on their feet in an
instant, clamoring . for recognition by
the chair. Bishop. Mallalieu recognized
Dr.. Buckley, however, and' upon his
motion the matter was tabled.
Another resolution which also was
promptly tabled, and which doubtless
would have brought out some interest
ing debate- if allowed to be discussed,
was by the Rev. Dr. Clippinger of In
diana, who wished the conference to
adopt a rule forbidding- church publica
tions from printing • ajl .adveritsements
relating to the sale of individual "com
munion cups.
The conference adjourned at noon
to . meet next Monday morning at 9
o'clock.; ***'* .
J Regarding the. question; of restoring
the time limit in the tenure of pastors,
which up to^four years ago- was a
rule characteristic of .the Methodist
denomination; sentiment -seems : to be
about evenly divided. The Rev. Dr.
Jesse Bowmarn Young of j Cincinnati,
one of the, best post«d delegates. in the
present, conference, said to-day v
"It does not seem at this early 1 ' stage
of the session that the: conference is
ready to restore a time limit to tne
pastorate after only four years of ex-'
periment with the present method.
There are now before the committee on
itinerancy petitions and memorials
from various lay and. clerical confer
ences pro and con, some. asking- and
others' protesting against any change.'
These will be^caref ully, considered and
strenuously debated next, week* before
any action is repqrted-to the General
Conference." '•¦": ¦¦-.•'.;. ,• -, v --|
All the Protestant churches; in^Lcs
Angeles and adjacent cities arid towns
will be occupied ; to r morrow . by v min-
Methodists in Conference at
Los Angeles Honor Mem
ory of the Late President
VIENNA, April SO.— At Neuhausl, In
Hungary, the police have struck work
on the ground that their number is not
sufficient, their pay too small and the
superintendent too exacting.
Policemen ' on Strike.
HELENA, Mont., May. 7. — It is be-'
lieved-by many that- "Kid" Curry, the
$40,000 Great Northern train robber, and
outlaw who made a daring escape from
the Knoxville. Term., jail, Is again
hiding in the monntain fastnesses of
Choteau County. The belief that the
desperado has returned to his old
stamping grounds . is inspired by the
known presence of three Plnkerton de
tectives, who have been in this vicinity
for the past week, together with a
number of others scattered throughout
the" mountain ranches and stock camps.
The detectives are making their way
toward Landusky,- where, according to
reports which reached here to-night, a
cowboy supposed to be the notorious
outlaw Is in full flight.
A rancher near Landusky had a horse
stolen from its stall several nights ago,
but upon entering the barn yesterday
morning: he was surprised to find the
lost animal standing j in the manger
with the saddle still on. The animal
was breathing heavily and was covered
with foam and dirt, indicating a hard
and long drive. Going- quickly to the
door of th« stable, the rancher dis
covered a man in the garb of a cowboy,
carrying a rifle, disappearing in the
brush. Around the fugitive's waist
were strapped two revolvers.
The returning of the stolen horse in
such a manner is a favorite trick of
Curry, the outlaw having acted sim
ilarly in this section on two other oc
casions.
Special .Dispatch, to ThV Call.
PAY TRIBUTE
TO M'KINLEY
The bad economic condition of the
Russian peasantry may ie shown, by
the statistics of farm animals. The
Russian novelist, Uspenskij once wrote
a story of peasant life, which he called
"A Quarter of a Horse." and which was
intended to set .forth; in the guise *ot
fiction, the social and economic status
of an agricultural population that had
only one horse to every rour families.
Statistics compiled by the zemstvos of
the central provinces show that, even
before the agricultural crisis became
as acute as it Is now, 20 to SO per cent
of the peasant farmers in the formerly
rich provinces of ChernJgor, Voronezh,
Poltava. Saratof, Kursk and Tambof
did not have even a single horse, while
nearly one-third of the entire popu
lation of Voronezh had neither horse
nor cow. In the province of Hiazan
22,000 peasant proprietors out of 80,000
had no horse, and 21,000 had neither
horse nor cow. — Exchange.
Poverty of Russian Peasants.
. Some interesting particulars . have
been published In the Aurore of Paris
concerning the curious turn taken by
Russian official anti-Semitism in the
war preparations. The Minister of the
Interior. De Plehve. personally super
.vised the revision of the lists of reserv
ists to be called out, and the result is
lhat an enormours percentage of Jews
ha,ve been sent to the front. It in
cludes most of the Jewish doctors of
St. Petersburg, for out of the ISO med
ical men dispatched to Manchuria in
early March. 110 were Jews. This is
one way De Plehve is getting rid of
Jewish savants whom he suspects in
general of holding too liberal views.
Another motive is the Jealousy of
Christian doctors, who want to get the
large practice that now goes to the
Jews. Moreover, the Jewish doctors
are discriminated against. They re
ceive only 5450 for traveling expenses,
whereas the Christians received $625. —
New York Globe.
Jews in Rossia's Army.
- LONDON, April 30.— Tb2 following
names are to be found in Aberystwyth
Union: Pantygareglwyd, F*fpsygraTe
lucha, Llwynsguborwen. Cerrigcyran
nau. Cbrrlgeadwgan, Rhlwarthenisaf.
Tro'edrhiwfronfrech and Uwynior
werth. - - •.•
Jaw-Brcaklng Names.
Dcsi)erado Keturns to Mon
tana !Aiter Escapiiig- From
a Prison in Tennessee
OUTLAW CURRY
IN OLD HAUNTS
LONDON, April 30.— Some grim relics
of Dick Turpin are to be seen just now
at The Spaniards, Hampstead Heath.
One is the sword with which the high
wayman killed his last -victim.
serve," the label says, "the bloodstains
on the blade." There is also a piece of
the -tree on which Turpin is said to
have hanged Joe Webster.
Relics of Dick Turpin.
ST. LOUIS; May 7. — On complaint
of Inspector Dunne of the United
States Department of Commerce and
Labor Mrs. Sophie Wenzell was to-day
arraigned before a United States com
missioner on a charge of importing
gh-ls-to St. Louis from Europe, espe
cially from Germany; for improper
and; unlawful purposes.
The arrest followed the arrival here
a week ago of ten girls fronvGermany.
It is alleged by' Dunne that they came
to' St. « Louis In answer to advertise
ments in foreign papers^offering posi
tions, with good salary; at light house
keeping in St. Louis. It'was these ad
vertisenfentsrit- is alleged;' which first
attracted the attention of the Depart
ment of Labor.
• Inspector .Dunne states that the "girls
were taken to Mrs. Wenzeil's home
and that proposals .were made to them
that they engage in improper, and un
lawful pursuits. Mrs. Wenzeil was
held in $2000 bonds pending a pre
liminary hearing next Monday. The
girls will be taken car* of by the Fed
eral Labor Bureau pending the settle
ment of the case. The . girls came
from Munich.
Inspector of the Department of Labor
/ Arrests a St. Louis Woman on
Serious Charge.
IMPORTS GERMAN GIRLS ,
FOR UXLAWTtTL PURPOSES
War News Continued on Page 25.
PORT ARTHUR, Friday, May 6
(delayed In transmission). — Six of the
enemy's cruisers are continually In
sight off Port Arthur.
A parade of the garrison here was
held. to-day in honor of the Empress*
nameday. Lieutenant General Stoes
sel In a speech to tha troops alluded to
the latest phase of the war, by which
Port Arthur is threatened on the land
side, and expressed his firm confidence
in the endurance of the defenders of
the peninsula. The general's address
was received with cheers by the as
sembled soldiers and sailors.
Lieutenant General Stoessel has is
sued an order to the troops of his
command as follows:
"On April 30 and May 1. the enemy
crossed the Talu River in great force
and our troops fell back to positions
which had been previously selected.
Yesterday the enemy effected an . im
portant landing on the Llaotung
Peninsula, south of Pitzewo, and In the
vlcity of Kinchow Bay. Now our work
is beginning. Naturally, the enemy
will destroy railway communication
and endeavor to drive our troops back
to Port Arthur and besiege this fort
ress, Russia's bulwark in the Far Bast.
We will, defend it until the arrival of
the troops which are coming to re
lieve us.
"I consider It my duty to call upon
you to display unceasing vigilance and
caution and you must be ready at all
times to demean yourself toward your
general with the dignity and order be
seeming the glorious troops of Russia.
No matter what happens, you must
not lose your heads, but remember
that everything is possible in war, and
that we shall be able, with God's help,
to cope with the arduous task Im
posed upon us."
Issues Order Calling Upon
the Garrison to Fight- to
the Last in Town's Defense
STOESSEL IS DEFIANT
Press Dispatch Covering. Sit
uation Up to Time When
Communication Is Severed
PQRT ARTHUR'S
LIST MESSAGE
24
-I'HE - SAN. FRANCISCO : CALL, ; SUNDAY, -MAY.,8, 190i:
BY A HAIR'S BREADTH.
Headon Hill's Powerful and
Unique Novel Showing now
the Life of the Czar Is
3IarvelousIy . Saf eguard-
¦ ed by the Dreaded
"Third Section."
NEXT SUNDAY CALIi.
Liquozone acts like oxygen-acts as a tonic
with which nothing else known can com-
pare. Let us buy you a bottle to try.
We :.ave purchased more than a body, without kiliinpc^tlic tissues, too. SSSSKl^S"* iSSKfrSSS!:
lnilhon 50c bottles ot Liquozone and There: is nothing eise known which. ,jjysprp*ia ihroat Troubles
given them free to the sick. During will' do that. Any drus: that kills 'Eczrma— Erysipeiss Tuberculosis
the past four months we have spent germs is a poison, and it cannot be SoiSe^GwIt StC ° e * v«™oo?«i» v
over $500,000 to announce and fulfill taken internally. ; For that reason Gonorrhea— cteet women"* Diseases
this offer. We have done this'- to con- medicine is practically -helpless * in"^ „ ah d »*« tt *<' 8 , 1 t!iBt f . b *= II1 Il^ u ™nta'«ta^ 1I d l is*
, . . . r - 1 »• ¦ Cair.matw.n — all cMtarrh-r-au .contagious ais-
vtnee the sick that Liquozone does any germ disease. eases— an the results cf impure or poi»>ned
what medicine cannot do, and we Liquozone is so certain that we blood.- • _ ;. ¦ _ _
are willing to do the same with you, publish on every bottle an offer of t.viuiizcr; V a"c*ompiuh^K trhat" no drugs can du.
if you need it. .'. Siooo for adiscase prcrm that it cannot • ¦' ¦ " V» i ' t*
, • :' , kill. The reason is that, srerms are ¦ 50C Bottie Free.
What LiqUOZOne h. „ ,„„ need Liouozone.and have
Liquozone is the result of a process to vegetal matter. Liquozorie is "cer- ncver tnc 1 d 1 ' t ' Pf ls . c send .. u3 th .' s
\vhich. for more than 20 years, has tain destruction to the cause of a germ coupon. We will tnen mail vou an
been the constant subject of scientific trouble, yet to the hunvn body it is ' ortlcr . or \ y°, ur I ° c . al dr "f ctst fo . r «»>
and chemical research. Its virtues are the most helpful tlv-g H the world, j fi^-size bottle and_ we rour
derived solely from gas— largely oxy- We paid Sioo.coo for the American t druggist ourselves lor !t. This 1S our
gen gas— by a process requiring im- rights to Liquozonc; because 1 this" ! f r ec &it. made- to convince vou. to
mense apparatus ;and 14 days'. time, product alone can end "a fjerm disease . j snow jou what Liquozone 15. and
Each cubic inch oftLiquozonc rep- o what.it cm do. In;i«sticc to vour-
resentsthe virtues of 1250 cubic Germ DlSeCDCS. 5clt, p!ea ? c accept »t to-dav /or n
inches of the gas. : '- f hcse are the known eerm dis, gfig^' obh«tion
The result is a product which does cases.. All that medicine can do for • ' „ , nttt tnr :m i e.
oxygen does. Oxygen is the. these troubles is to help Nature over-' L'^°^ nc gosts 5 ? c ? n - d : Sl -
nerve forjd. the blood food, the scav- come the cerms^and such results arc I CUTOUT THIS COUPON I
enger of the blood. -It is the very indirect and uncertain. • Liquozone '<¦ .. niT . r •___ Mt 4 __ MP • ' ._ , .
source of vitality, the most, essential kUls the germs, wherever they are. ' '£ \h ' bun»y «nd man « to in uwu
clement. of life. But' oxygen is a gas and the results are inevitable. Bv de- ozone ep,. 433-400. Wabash a ve.. Chicago,
and unstable, while Liquozone is fixed stroying the cause of the trouble it .„ ., ," •. '
i^^^^^tl^Sl^S rLve^r.V.^^uU^^n/^-wm
ot oxygen virtues intQ the blood, to ever. • , up piy me * 50c bottle free 1 win tav* it.
go Wherever the bloodlgoec. The re- « Afthma . ¦ Hay Fever— Innuenza . v : '
suit is a. vitalizing tome withy Which em " ' ui^ppi"" 1 *'* ;.....::...... :..; ............
no other known product can compare. Pirod- Poison t^ucorrhea . . ,. r- .
. -,' . ... -- ., Brishfs DlFease ; J.lver Troubles ;. • V- *•"-*."" * "'.* .*T "V.'""*.
Kl11<£ fncirfo r^ot»i«c ' Bowel Troubles * Malaria— Neuralgia . i - ' ,\ ¦
" , r l|UU) UUIVIC UCI 1U9« .» coughs — Colds Man* Heart Troubles ¦ ""'¦""'" W."*VJ «.*¦*
¦ ' . ; - v - ¦ - Consumption Plies— Pneumonta ' r.14 Oive full addres>— write rlalnly.
But the great value of Liquozone lies coiie-croup. Pleurisy— Quinsy ' - ¦¦••'. ———————.
:~ *u ¦ t ...I.-. •,. t-Vi •»*"«*«;»»- u« Constipation Rheumatism . Any physician or hospital not yet usim
in the .fact that.it kills serins, in the CStarrh^Can<»r ' - ' t fa-VinDls-eafe# ¦? -. ¦ liftaoxiueiim be tlaillS-'snpplied for a'test.
STATEmEiST
OF THE— — *!*¦.'".
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
• —^-^F THE- -
PROVIDENT LIFE AND
TRUST GOMPANYv
CF PHILADELPHIA. IM- THE- STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st daxot t*scemt>tr,
A. D. um, an* for the year :en<i s .n5- on tiiat
day; made to th« Insurance Comnfti*ifr>t*r )t
the ; State of 'California. rorsuai5t tp the re-
quirements of Section 613 o' the PwlitJeal -C«<J»
of. said State. ... - . . I .,
. CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paJ3 »tr '¦•¦
In Cash : $1,000,000 w«
".."¦ ' .- . :=
ASSETS * "
Net value of. Bea! Estate Owned . . .
by the Company :.:.:. $3.309.?7»5 3
Amount of Loans secured by ¦•"•• *
. f BOmi gad Mortgaga oa Real. : " *¦
• Estate ...».-.... ,j..,v,t.... ; t4.154,f»;i *4
Air.ount of.. Loans secured -¦ • • *~?r '
Pledge ,'nf HStraA StotStii ar.<U ~~" '. . J
¦ other marketable securities as- ¦»-"-.-
eouatenl *..:. .^. ......:-..'. .-".3.1Oi39(**7
Premium notes and loars In aijy - ' K*J.*T
form taken in payni«;nt Qf preni-
lam»r<«i..pQljck*:3.->w in for?'e. '.~. : . . . "S.0&: 21
Ca»h. market value ot all S.tiicJc»^. ,. .., •;
and' Bonds owned ty the Com-
pany .» ;.. "... | ,.; C2.t5T2.S2O 00
Amount of cash, on har.d Jn Cora- ' ': ".--
pany'a Office ....*,- J*a.491 fti
Interest due the Company and ufl-J - . , . " '.
paw *;.. *O.SC7 0O
Interest accrued but not due.'."..."' 2T7.C63 «*>
Xet amount of premiums In p^a— y ' ¦ ¦
<tas at- collection 'and of -de-- - ¦
feiTed premiums .'.-.. - 8S2.6JS 13
Cash loans to Policy holders en ."'¦•".'.
this Company's poilcleai assigned - • -"-
as- collateral '. U".' - -?•¦116.634 *»
- Rents due and accrued - -". ~<~L 11
Total Assets . ..... ... .. . j. . .$51.131.561 M
. LIABILITIES. • ~
Claims for dtath ¦ losses and ma- - -
turctl endowments, due and us- .
paid... „ . $n.sro si
Claims for death losses and mi: -
tured* endon'hyrts In-process «f '-•- •*'
adjustment, cf. adjusted but not *
due ,... 21.538 00
Net rresent value of all the but- 'j%^j
¦tandlns policies, computed ae-
cordlng • t» the Combined Ex-
perience TaSles of Mortality..;. .
with four per.cent interest 13.410,756 0O
Amount of all unpaid dividends .
to policy holders T3.077 t»
Present value ot unpaid am<nrats
' on matured iastallment policies. - 5(XVS$5 00
Ail other Liabilities -. -632.Ut;.8S
Total Liabilities ............$44.515.M1 13
-","..• INCOME. -i.'^
Cash received for premiums. en
new policies during the year... $733,339 19
Cash received for renewal at
premiums during the year 5.607,919 40
Cash received for sale of annu-
ities 43,651 M
Cash received for interest 2.C81.973 71
Cash received for rents 121,223 US
Caah received from all other
« sources ° 102.027 SS
Total Income ................ $$,757,106 M
* {i EXPENDITURES. ~ "
Cash said fcr losses and matured
endowments $3.1fiS>.9e7 44
Cash paid to annuitants 71.434 OS
Cash paid for surrendered polfctvs '.''322,703 -Si
Casli paid for dividends to policy ¦¦ :
holders , -.^,. ~ S19.024 43
Commissions paid to agents. .....' SS1.&SI 30
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners. 279.SS7 JO
Salaries and traveling expenses - ¦'
of managers of agencies 20.230 33
Medical examiners" fees and. sal-' .£¦- «[
arles. :\. •".'Uli.frri T5
Cash paid for taxea'. I..." . " 107.M8 41
Cash paid for rents ..-., 21.377 33
Cash paid for commuting commls- - - •
sions ..-...'.«. , . S54.337 «•
Tctal Expenditures during ths
year . S3.S8fr.837 #
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT. .-
Premium cotrs ard other -
. cremium obligations at
beginning cf the year ?S.2S4 86
Premium rotL»« ana other J6*5£i@N t j8g
premicm obligations re- .• ¦ '. * •
ceivea during the year.,. iS03 90 • ! ,
Tctal ...:..• "'"«<» figsT*
C«ductlons during the year,
as follows:
Am. tint of notes and other . . »V/.'j " j '
premium o'lflgatlonai used
¦in payment of dividends. *:
to prltcy holders ?t.O37 OS
Amount of nr.tes and other .
premium cbllTatrons ra-
' deemed by maker In casb. 19 tf::'-
Total reduction of- " ~ "
. Premium Note Ae-
«> uot . •. ... v ... «.030 13
Balance nnt* assets. at- - * -.'.::""
end of -.the year '- " fS.0S3 2\
. SAMUEL n. SHIPLET. Prcst4«at.
• . . C, XV. BOnTON," Secretary;
. Subscribed and-^aworn. to .before. m« 'this
Wth day of January. 1004.
• SAMUEL R.KEED. Notary P«b!i&
; VAIL & ELDRI9BE~6en8ral /gents,
801 and 824 Faywari Building, S.F.
402 Trust Building.: t os Artgelea.
TJOTTCIJI7C rOK barbers, a*.
DnU.jllLU kcr "' »««blaclia. tvu*.
. • bou»«». hitv.ard tMMta.
brewers, bonkoinders. candy makers.. car.n*««.
4yer». ftour mills, rnur.dne*. iaunUrK». par»r-
hangeis. printers, oalntrrs. shoe fact»-loa»^
' «tabl<»men. tar-mi*PT\. tannersv tailor*. «csj . 1
. •¦-- BT7CHAXA5 BSO3. T '.
8tuk ICuuXactaxcn, 809 S*cr*aitato in.
SEE PAGES
41 to 47. ,
ft BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
\J T O L E T FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED,
HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
1 TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED, AND A THOU-
fe-4 SAN D OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
j PAGES 4i TO 47 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
_ _ _ '¦¦ -. APv^BTisEJizirrs. ;...,:„
B Our STOVE DEPARTMEMT has not been talked about for a month, so we are |]
j offering a special this week that you won't forget for a year— a frig "IMPERIAL; pj
II RANGE" at what would be cost to any firm that did not buy In carload lots. .Our Fur- k
H niture specials also are the biggest reductions that have ever been offered In the J
18 HRFAT IMPFRIAI RAMHF A dx-hble range with a sixteen inch oven, with Tea-Aetf. End-shel* Ij
II UKCAI IIYlrCltlAL rcANUr j^ aU njod^convenlences and handy features. Q j «y I
1^ Coal or gas burner. Full nickel trimmed. Regular price $26.00. This week only, reduced | J # J I j
PAMF QFAT niMIMr. PHAIRQ Golden Oak finish, high back and strong supports. QfiA II
m U/AI\L OLrtl UII\II\U OrlA%lt\0 Ve kU hundreds of them daily. You may have them }J|J(J I]
|f| in sets or single chain. Regular price $1.35. Special this 'week only'. - . - "'¦'
Rl ROMAN PARI OR PHAIP Finished In mahogany with daintily turned uFright3 and |> g O£J .'II
M HUMAN rAKLUK On/Atlt Ugu UphoMeredand coveted with pretty patterns of 2j)| # jfO -I
iM .velour. Regular price $3.50* Special for this week only .:.. .;..... • T . . EJ
M !M FVI/ F MORRIS ' PH A I R Heavily upholstered back and seat, velour cov- fr g* O £1 * II
H I\LW Ol ILC lYlUrcrcid UnAII\ erings, Golden Oak finished wood. Regular JSJj.^D*;;!
price Special for this •week~only •? . . ? ' II
M WFATHFRFfi OAK PI OPK An old Dutch design, six feet high, with straight posts and straight : ¦
fi VVCrtB IILI\LU Urtl\ 1>LUI>I\ cro$} r lieces and oJdiy carved face. Regular fr|Q fffl' 'H
fm "Hanover Hall Qock" (you know what the word "Hanover" means). Regular vtict $55.00. %f|i^f-«3U l\
»*>¦ • C ' * 1 al • W • '•'""•'¦*' * ¦ w 1 i
m "THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 POST ST. j|
ADVEBTISKTyTENTS.
• ] 'M!!MWk TWA/,,,
' iMTTTTTTTTTi^ij ii 11m / '/f////////////f
Fiber-rush chair
or rocker; $9.00
Cool, comfortable summer furniture for use
in the country cottage or on the veranda. This
season our display of this sort of furniture is
rather more extensive than it has been hereto-
fore and offers many attractive pieces that are
entirely new. The chair and rocker pictured
above are made of fiber rush finished palm
green.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281- Geary Street, at Union Square
"ADVEBTISEMENTS." * '" ' '.' '""¦"¦"
¦j^^^^ I si W 1 > 'j \
If you eat "FORGE"
regularly, it's more than
likely I shall have to
square myself with your
druggist.
But I shan't mind tbat/
Concentration, and enersetle teticn, wear out Brain and Nerve, \ '
. and .make the body cry aloud for drugs, unless the waste they . i
cause is made good by foods rich in Phosphates and Nitrccen. '
"FORCE " is such a food, consisting; of the Phosphates, Nitrogen,**,
and Protein of wheat, malted into quick digestibility with Barley. / '¦-.-. ' ; ".
Served cold, with Cream, it is delicious. . - - .. •. • .;-.-- /<5 AN JOSE. May 7.— Professor Hubsman of
the J>rpartm«Mit of Arrieultnre «t Waehlnicton.
v,)m hae Just vtsitml thr. Government experi
ment vineyard at Mountain View, etates that
the rounr vines are rrowlnc vUrorouely. There
•re rixty-rix varieties of resistant stock at this
rt*er*rt , .
Committee of tfftcrn Appointed at
-Triennial Convention of Episcopal
Church Make* Its Report.
'BOSTON.' May 7.— The committee of
fifteen which was appointed by the Na
tional Triennial Convention of the Epis
copal Church at San Francisco ln 1901
to consider the advisability of changing
the legal name of the denomination has
prepared an extended report, in which
tffe opinion * la ' expressed that any
change at this time is tnex:>edlent. The
rfcport Is to be submitted to the general
convention, which will assemble fci this
City next October. • "
An 'appendix recommends that the
.•words "Protestant Episcopal" on the
title 'page of the Book of Common
Prayer be stricken out.
NAME OF DENOMINATION'
WILL NOT BE CHANGED
the decision of the lower court, how
ever, holds that persons cannot be
prosecuted for any disclosures they
hiay make on the witness stand.
'Supreme Court of Kansas Confirms the
Rating of District Judge In thc
¦ Habeas Corpus Hearing.
' TOPEKA. Kans.. May 7.— The Su
. preme Court to-day upheld the decision
of District Judge Hazen in the coal
trust cases, bo called, who last winter
. sentenced two Kansas coal operators
for contempt of court for refusing to
answer questions put by a County At
torney in a State Investigation Into the
workings of an alleged coal combine.
John Jack and John Bell, the operators,
refused to testify on the ground that
.their testimony might incriminate
them, and were sentenced to the Coun
ty Jail. They appealed to the Supreme
Court for release on habeas corpus.
The Supreme Court, while upholding
DECISION' IN THE COAL
TRUST CASES IS UPHELD
ST. PETERSBURG. May 7 (7 p. m.).
!The Russian retreat from Fengwang;
;-cheng is confirmed. Tlie Japanese
pressed the retreating: troops, though
ttltb few losses to either side. The
. Japanese destroyed the railway at
Pori 'Adams, blowing uj> the bridges.
.. The Russian capital has now been
without news from Port Arthur for
¦ mt>re than Uventy-four hours. The
¦ fast Telegram received was filed at C
o'clock last night. It is believed that
the spot where the Japanese cut the
railroad and telegraph lines is near
Port Adams, opposite Pitzwo.
• No news of other landings on the
• iJao-tung Peninsula, has reached the
'general ttarf. .
• A telegram received this morning
from General Kuropatkin said Gen
"cral Kuroki's army was advancing
upon the Russian position in two di
visions. The enemy, with artillery, he
reported had reached Kaolimeun,
called the "Gate of Korea," which is
ten miles of Fengwangcheng.
' The telegraph office refuses to ac- ¦
•cept .messages for Port Arthur. i
CONFIDENCE IN* STOESSEL. i
•. -The calmness with which the Rus
*p;ans accept the isolation of what al
• ¦* a^-ts has been regarded as the Rus
.Hian Gibraltar in the Far East is re
markable. In military circles it had
'lUeha considered inevitable from the
first. No attempt is made to belittle
.tn«* energy shown by the enemy, but
•from the "strategic point of view the
investment of the fortress is regarded
•As relieves the military situation on
Che -mainland, which had been much
.embarrassed by the necessity for'
: maintaining the seagirt stronghold at
•the extremity of the Liaotung Penin
sula. Besides, the utmost confidence
;s expressed in the ability of the fort
• ness to withstand a siege. The whole
of the lower end of the peninsula
south from Kt nohow, which is thirty
• miles above Port Arthur, is an en
! trenched camp, commanded by a
.Vhain of formidable fortifications.
,• which surmount the crest 6T every
• -hill. Millions of rubles and years of
"work have been devoted to rendering
the place impregnable by land or sea.
| The railroad circling within this camp
win permit of the easy transportation
"of the defending troops.
According to the Russian view, the
Japanese have a herculean task before
\hejn ln the event of their attempting
the reduction of the fortress. Succes
vive lines' of defenses must be carried.
• and the Japanese operations cannot be
; prtn at the advanced position of Kln
t:hou until their siege guns are landed.
'" . General Stoessel. who will have su
¦" f rfme command rif the defense of Port
'Arthur,- is considered to be able and
resourceful and to have an indomitable
¦will. His orders of the day have
trratljed a spirit oj unyielding de
liajice. Ont- of them declared that the
: las;t man must die in the defense of
:Pbrt Arthur. j
¦ . POUT ARTHUR'S GARRISON". I
In addition to the 10.000 sailors on
.board the ships at Port Arthur and the
regular fortress artillery, probably
numbering "000 men. the defending
Jorce consists of a division of riflemen
and three batteries of field artillery — a
total of about 22.000 men.
._ ln anticipation of the severance of
communication, all of the valuable pub
lic documents had been removed to
Mukden and the work of supplying the
•fortress with provisions and.ammuni
tTpti' had been progressing for weeks.
The authorities apparently are satis
"fied that practically no non-combatants
'remain tjiere. The Inhabitants of Port
'Dalny. were sent away some time ago.
' ¦ The newspapers accept the news
Ftoically, adjuring the people not to be
'discouraged, since the cutting off of
Port Arthur was a foregone conclusion
Irom the first. The Xovoe Vremyasays:
"The fortress and its defenders must
"now ghlft for themselves until our
army in sufficient strength can come
down from the north and rescue them.
Tn the meantime the people must ac
*c.ystom themselves to be without direct
news from Port Arthur."
: A current report that Russia pur
posed-sending troops to Shanhaikwan
"".•wiiB officially denied to-day. The Rus
• s!an Government has not requested the
.permission of China to do so and has
• not contemplated taking such action.
• Consul Greener at Vladivostok has
telegraphed Embassador McCormick
:that the British steamship Ettrickdale
•.tailed from there to-day with 326 Japa
nese refugees from the island of Sag
hallen for a Japanese port.
.: M. Petersburg Without News
" >From General Stoessel and
V- His Beleaguered Garrison
• ; STRONGHOLD IS CUT OFF
: I'cHiiiclont That Port Arthur's
i Will Hurl Back
' : .the Armies of Japan
SLAVS CALMLY
FACE DEFEAT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;" SUNDAY, MAY .8, > 1904.
25
I a|j|P An Unprecedented 3-Bay Offering, Beginning Monday 8s3O a. m. \
3 /^^^>v Emporium suit business is increasing withsuch rapidity that we cannot afford to allow the ac- |
*' 40«JN -uroiilation of styles which have been sold down to one or a few of a kind. Space is too valuable when needed for goods arriving daily. *
* -Tl- ; reW^ fiiiiiiil^B^^^^ffiii : Sale of Children's and Infants' Dresses \ 1
I • »Fl^ d Ih^X^rfe days> time havei ™ kedthemat Dainty Styles, 48c and 72c fify i
£• '^^^^^S^i'/l^^v ° • A muslinwear maker, who understands his business thoroughly 1 - ~W Sr v '¦'"^JL "5
5 •flraSf^^,. ThU " !C p0Sltlvdy ends next W'***. sd *y ni S kL and ftirns out pretty little, well-made garments, employed his slack I^C \\$P Z
* L- ' • wfe^lii Vl^ : M Qi iif o of <£1 C1T KC\ <tOH COO 7^ Jl 4~to I time in making for us a large lot of dresses for children 6 months to 3 /full |QI 'Jp\ 7$£k '•
i Wm\ I ouits at -H)D f $i/ou $2U, $21. /d^1 *9 1/ . vears of age at prices which hardly cover the cost of materialSt To . mmhvjB^ \
i Keduced for the three days $o'^\£*/Z sorrow we offer these dresses as follows: \m\\\ I lr///IHi 3
J* V\ui&'"-lF I! I - '¦ '"^ • ¦¦ " - Inlanb' Long Dresses — Of white ntinsook, tome with lace inserrion, some with U?\t\l I! | %/ Iff. \f Ai "3
V iffi\I I SuitS at $22.50, $23.50' and $25.00 JL-g e^ucry and ,ome with needlework trimming. Children^ Short Dresses, M l//IaS *
V iSuYVll 1' \ T\ t i c i i -^K 1 L-* of fine nainsook, either nee or embroidery trimmed, au propcr.y J9^ ir% fll \\ \\ II II P^HlT'm *
i- ilwM 1 \ Keduced for the three days to 'flP-|.-£?V cut and made and worth « ««« 6' 5 c :or 755. Monday O ni y . . we Qhi^W^L \ l\!u :'
9i yyf|!*^:\)^ li \ II JL 0 Children's Short Dresses— -Or fine quality white nainsook, with square or round \7J hh - - r^\ .*•
*i M. \*'t.. "ijyji^ II \. Qiii<-o o-f <CO"7 Qlir\ f\Ci O >"lfc — yoiceof fine Va; .ace or embroidery insertion and dainty finiihing braid and Vjg«M ¥ \ §N X ff 1 ' m
** JW- *¥''• W V \ dL 4>Z/.JU, >$O\J.\JV, <POZ,.J\. Af%0 W r^ tucks, bishop sleeves and wide hem in itirt, < 1.00 and $1.50 H )^\*7ftf 17^J> *
i ' it Mm \ X deduced for three days to-,y>^rv B^Sp|ipif % • • > • ••//•. ;.••/,; \ fJt ¦ " W I
2* £*^>" M:'* r**'\ \^ ¦ • II jBBy # Bibiei Sun Bonnetj— Fine white lawn, with m feathtr stitching and jcaUoped tacks, edged V2>/ c3£~**A \
¦•£ ' ~3* M 'yOr!AV- r"" 1 \ \V Alterations Ott above Will be exlrai . *. :, ' Vr J . ihree dainty rufflo of wh'te organdy,, all around with dainty Swiis embroidery and %r*^Ha /foP
6 jM'-t 'v- V :i - C \ v^ ¦ ¦* i "^'"'- • • • edged with Val lice . ...... &%fO'- finithtd with fancy ribbon gem 0%b p.iT Tv-Ti. ; •*
J. >»ii! * . . .^.rr*"\\ "7^\ » \ - SilK Coals About 40 per cent Less Than Regular— A traveler's mode' White Poke . Bonnets, of fins lawn, trimmed . bowi ; »u »bea at . ...... S- MmteS — -*»~"^ j
k? fcSi$ j lifji • • \^\ \ *-"\ \\\ Erons, b.ouscs ana half icngch garments, in taffetas, Peau de Soie* }t
i Wm^h SM \ \V >d Pongees-th^s. season', newest and mojt wanted .tylcl: SttCCp SklttS 35C—LOWeSf PHCC Yet j|
i Monday o^SzvextX hundred dozen sheep skins extra .large and good quality, |
*" 'W^M^m i\ % VMj.j.oo coats . . . $io.OO £32.5° Coat, . . $20.00 the klnd . we always offer— not the small, inferior kinds that some dealers offer %
S '%MiWF& H. %v V5S^-Shir-iop- Aecordion Pleated Skim-Jusc arrived-a new as.ort. as bar ? ains at s P ecial sales-in all the nice desirable shades for decontive pur- 3
i MsaS^*^ menVSi co.on~b.ack, b.uc, brown, gray, - n poses in your summer homes; skins worth on an average 7 jc each; 'S&Jgf,— i
t champagne and white— moderately priced at .. *?B/£m%$lg On Special Sale tO-mOrrOW at ......: ' *. • iSwfflBS %
j; __— • ;; • - - r ¦ ¦ • ' • • - ; • j«
»' Muslinwear Sales, Percales, Madras, India Llnons, White Oxfords Housekeepers' %
* -Womcn'f $1 25 Gowns -cf ood nain»ook« To-morrow and Tuesday the big store offers another surpassing opportunity to supply your summer wants in beautiful, washable cotton SsloS tMnndZM *
J' square lovr nxk, and with jaUor collar,' fabrics at^ric?s which mean a saving to you of fully one- third. These fabrics.are first-class and, perfect in every particular, notwithstanding - MJKmwMdMjy &
i bandvbfgmning the fact that the -prices seem so ridiculously low. You will be pleased i with the patterns and colorings of these goods, which have patterns F^e White -Dlankets— 7 lbs. weight, S
$ .Wom^v;$i.35' Gowns'- Cambric' v nf c*. and colors, and'will approve of the' fineness and sheerness of the llnons. ' :.' • * . . * very large .he, tome .lightly aoiled *
* and^uare yoke effects, trimmtd whh «n- p erca!es -Tcrgorrow and Tuesday 5750 yard, of yard wide, full standard : " /mf/a>C/lf6ltS-The most usefid of all m.Ice. of whire good^ in a fine 4*%^ from htn<Uuig, the • $7- 5© p« pair J
i t'O'-=/y »nd damty tucks . . . . 880 doch ptro . CS) ; n medium anl Ight summer colors; all 36 inches wide, will be £ '£* -cc quality; not so large a quantity as we have of the percales; tn special sale «-J> £Z kl ° d ' lI1 th " >WCck ' P alT SB ml 8 '5
& . Momtn s $1.00 Short Pttticoats-rm: Cam. p l, C ed on our sales counters at, yard . . . **~ j to-morrow and Tue^lay, while Quantity la«j, yard. . . . Camnln* Blank.*. In „?« «rr^ «,,li m *A* 9.
•f bnc and "deep lawn flounce, torchon lace in- ...... _ . .' , , . . e • • .-»--- *« - - ... ' ' r „ uamplnj blanKCU — Iamce grade, well made S
fc* srrtion and edge -a!- prcc 69O MtrcerIztd Z P h >' rs Tfac balance of the enormous rurchase ot over 500 pieces *fl *J WttftO OxfOPdS-ln a realiy good grade, n:ce basket weave, full 32 fi *B and full of wirmth— :• • %
5 Women's $!.43 Short Pettkoits- Fine Cam- of th.-se 25c goods has arrived and to-morrow and Tuesday only a great aesort-^ inches wide, ana regu «rly soc thc yard, Monday and Tuesday only, yard. ... g *§'C The *-&. weight, pair . . \ StmSO «
g brie, deep .awn fiounce with Duchen lace in- ' n,ent of cho.ee good, and styles w01 be on specul tafe, yard. .......... ...... .^ ... ...-..,.• ................... Thc jJfc> wel J h J [¦ \ \ %'{ m jQ C
H "tttuon and edgci, la'.e pr'.ce . . . . Q80 Printed Dimities— In the neat designs so much Scotch Suilinp— In a washable fabric, re- White Orjandy— Sixty-eight inches wide, a Outing Fabrics— In bourettes, twillj and cor- « . • j _Th full ' t t S
H^^S^^i:- Unprecedented Sales 1904 Silks and Dress Goods ™^X*° i .'f... ti o |
?• lace edte, rale prxe. ...-.,. SQo ' : *. . 1 T-T ir-; ¦ : ';• " ' ¦ iiixgo menes, eacn . .... . 67O ' Z
a; Wcmtn* 6 c Drawer*— Gacd Cambric with HerO P S YfhOPO YOU SSkVB FrOllt t»3 tO 1-2 OH TMS SeQSOIi'S ChofoeSt FabriCS Pillow Cases- Good bleached muslin— 5
K SnT s°L fi Jrice UCks . * ni W^^+8c Some " ver^ large P urchase s and a number of short lots of the silks and dress coods that y have been selling freely all the season at iT^ifh^tchSWch' ." JSS I
it' Women's 55c Corset Covers - of * Cambric the regular prices are marked for special sale beginning Monday and during week. while quantity lasts at prices like these : *• _ . , _,.. ., , A .
j^ . r jj f .-ft, vii * -rti ¦> ... •*•* * VJotns— w large accumulation of V
it e( , " " * * CC •"¦¦ °oi»^ 2C00 Yards Fancy Corded Wash Silks — Bought greatly underpriced, undoubtedly the mot! pop- 2000 Yards Canvas Suitings— AU-wool, light weight canvas suitings, 36 inches wide, suit- odd table cloths, towels, napkins, etc., Jt
% Women's SI 50 Vh : te Skirts- Beautlr^ ' ular »ilk of the day for waists and I ght ftney dteues; all colors, corded with white or other : able f * knockabout suits, walking skiru, cU., a genuine 50c ralue; material that you wi.l on sale at OUT linen counter at much 2
V made and trimmed sae ore- cf ffl co:on, in single or groups ot 3 to 5 cords, a quality never sold less than 50c thc «^ : like imraenjcJy when yow sic it; beginning Monday and while quantity lasts, OVf*» reduced trices. * %
*: Women',i3.25 White Pettico.ti-lTmbreU \fgi beginn:ng Monday . . . . . . J9U f| yard. . . .-....•• •:..:.... ... . . . . . . . .¦:: mf+U £ , , j
j^ flouacc of lawn, w'xi 2 rows of wile Cluny 1000 Yards B ack Peau de" Soie— All sillc and a sp'endid quality for coats, dres-es, linings, - 50c Black Voile Etamints 35c — Rather it is our 50c quality. Others ask more for this grade. , , —- • _ j{
A* ace n-cr ion aid uffl •, for ... $2.18 trimmings, etc., ;o Lichcs wide, regularly fi.25; on special sale, beginning 4&''Wg»^ About 1000 yarcs of these faahijnable 36-inch goods for street costumes. ® n '*9tmgnk £>Xmi*3 MmSfffO '%
X Women's WMtG Pott/coatS Moqday, yard . . .. . . . . .... . . . . O#Cr special sije, beginning. Mondayi yard . ....'............ VWU SMti GOOtt
£ indtrimminss^tjIrV 'co? KTiToq ° Ur F * mo V» 7^C Taffetas— For shirt-waist garments," in brown and nary;^figures and checks >- S*k Extra Qu«IHy Enjlhh Mohaln or Slctiltn— A splendid fabric for. shitt-wa'st suits, out- W*nr4ft f?/r^rt ' Plitaissi' S
If vcur choice th : week " 5 '-' i <A.QS are the swel est and best ralues in th!a claw of siiks we have seen. Instead of ti.oo th; ing suits, traveiinf* suits, etc., a quality easilv wo:th $i.eo, tn fact imported to retail at - m%Mr%%9 luCU %jriy£gf w S J
H * __ -•¦*".*' *'*****' a ' yard, as we coil d easily get for these silks, we are selling them -regularly "at ¦¦** tS^^ * 1 .*5> f«U 54 inches wide, colors na>y, cream, black, tan, green, brown and Thr T n. f*njtunFi/ffrrf -tintf* %
x Mussed Underwear i . . . . . . . . . . £%2G Kny . ._o a «ie begbning to-morrow, yard . . . mjSG , * ne **" <-asuauaaa, maae s
\ AUtztH^r?/[^^S"^m^ci*zni Voiles and Etaroints- Pain and fancy, in Fine Sheer Imported Voiles'- A- foil line of Scotch Noveity Suitln^s-so inches w-de, in EnjUih Sui ings -54 inches wide, in plaid and tn^ n J^ n^PortoRlCO^On %
% sl ; eht'.y s Jtied in «or»* and window display at popular shades of tan, green, blue, gray and the season's most fashionable co.ors and a blue, gr.-en. gray and tan effects, most desir- mixed effects, ore ©f the latest weates for SpeClCll SdLC (ill ttllS WC6K . }g
* one-ouart-r off the marked sales and re-u!ar black - so much in demand tor _ #- ' better value is never • offered at the pricfc, able goods for - walJdng ikirts and traveling street wear and tailor made suits, yard . ... #A-« Ag. • i|
!f rnces * ° strcet costumes, yard .. . . . . # 9C yard. . . . .... . ." . . . SfmOO suits, yard . . .' ." . . . . . . $1.OiJ •. . ........... . $1m2S %M'tOM m dSOO S
I Garden Tools Ea^msm Kodaks A aOcSstlefor BoiyS Rough Rider Special Sates |
% G*rden Hose— Good grade rubber, Wc offer s: J$tm , n ', A good opportunity to lit him out for vacation in pants arid b ouses. These are the gar- SultS Slm^JS HBfflFftOCkS aUtf j!
K VJl In twcnt J* filrc aad fifty m o ? Fltxo Kodak rG&rf&rtZ&Sis^ ments he wUl need most, whether he remains b the city or go:s to th: country, and these art th« '.r*******.-' § eaiMMmm f*mm**»mmm**4 2
* \\| lengths, per foot .... /Jo. . l©ns rfthe $500 fl^^^^^^^ kinJ jhat will give him real hard serrice. . These are the gen- £~""*- c^. fc»WrfI *jrrUt/UB* j
X II&- H^Redl^A^JeTaVto^ CamJra,, and has f^rf^^^M 1000 pairs Boys' Short Pants, of excetlent quality drab , .. u ine- Rough Rider A regular 8 ball, %. j
* IrRV up h Oie and to prolong iu wear- coruuro/ and n*vy b.uc cheviots, also plaids 'and . , . Suits for boys 5 to ':}) £* ?— > 8 malIet Set oi \P {|
VXW in 3 qualities, regular.y la. 5 o - T\ I \ • ° B: ~'MW%*'£W4 mixtures, in brown and gray shades, sizes for 3 to \ V -f : lawn croquet com- VC i
$ l\ ¦Sl^iBP! -i6vear 8; your choice ot.il those «....-.... »4 X «r. of age. plete, with ' full M J
$ //tt3^ s«d n bUd r e 0V ! loo NS***-— 300 pafrs Tennis Pants," for boys 5 . to i z years, long They were made to /^ '• V directions for play- Ei J
* // Sets- For ladles' 6 Ex:>osure S P°° «> fimi for above . . 27o pant* mat have turn-ui s like the men's, made of white* 1 ' ,/ t our order frcm thr * fl *H ing, put up in good • /^N^^ 2
*' II M^^Mfe J:e il1 tmiI1 S»'<i-r.in g ; '* Ex^ u ' c Spo ,'s.fi ms for above .. 54>O duck or khaki, in crab and tan; a novelty that Dlease* __ regulation K-iak- { t) stvle with var " I U Ik I *
i m&Of^F'^b ™Z< A ™™%™%"~% bov and dressier than •vcr.IJ., cor Jricc «| y PfljL cl and are " V,c Vfol # Jj jMr\ I
i 'Xr*^ L.wn-MoweM-I'gooi ft"*!* ™ formerly asked twice 75 dozen Boys' Neglijec Blouses- K. & E. and Moth- L| |<P - mallets galvan- 'tfj©*O \
J* - jo-inch one puaran- the prices. er's Fnen x nuke.; nave narrow co ian and pocket By I] ized iron Wickets, \0ff/ g
£ t-d-rass cutter " S3, no The No. I Ansco-takes pVure 3^x3^- for watch or handkerchief, made from: nice quafitv %J-\f ¦ • ¦ veit Rough Rider Su.ts. W ."j !\ in a hinge cover wood box, never S
I . ... BOo X^ S3 Z in pretty stripe,, both light and dark .hades. . :.' Y* - V They are who ly unlike & i. 1 sold regularly under 51.00-com- 5
5 Gra S , Sickle for' cutting bnggras. . . SOO The No 2 An jco Stakes" picture" 3^*4^ also laundered waists with and without collars. the so-called Rough Riaer II fl ¦ plete on Monday only for - S7© j
•f Stanley's Spades and Shjvrls, each. . . 7oO inches, price . ..... . . .'$383 Siz5S for 5 to 14 years at . . . . . . « . . . Suits that are offered a t 7/1 Y> $1.50 Hammocks $1.18— Colored COt- S
$ Plant Sprays or Bulbs, kit red .u.ber . 7SO No. 3 Ansco - take, picture . 4x5 , inches, our • 40 dozen Boys* Russian B!0U5CS—K: & E. make, sailor - v ). lower, prices, as you wjll ft / U ton, canvas weave with piSow , wiA eon- {j
5* r. 'S-Li-.~iKZz~Cxi^ r n;Z: oc« P' 1 ". ..-....:. . . . £6*75 w w«« wj*. rumwu oi«iu» . • find upon inspection. M I l_ I* cealed spreader at head, extra Toot bar and S
* Gren-pa.nedSpnnld.rg Can, 2BO Ni P . 4 Fo'dlnj Pocket Ansco-take. a picfufe c^.ars. jaunty and coo,, made^from^na- • ... The.e^iU wear along gJ^ deep fringed val«cc rire S 0x36 inche* ani a 3
fc . Galvaair-d Sprinkling Cans *UC l%x+% mche?, as good as any J17.50 ' dras and perca es, in pretty stripes and figured ef- , P»^^^^^ time, keep the boy hippy ?;¦%?. splendid value at the regular price, Monday X
» Plint Sucks, painted green. . . .\-\ . IOO comera tn the market, our price. «## .7? ' fects. either light or dark colorings, s-ie« for 3 to. 10 years, only .. and save' much good cl.th. \... - - only. . . % ...... . . $1.18 «
I Linoleums 41 c— Tapestry Brussels* 68c ? Rogers Bros.' [Song [Hits Monday 18c \
i For one week longer we continue these two particularly attractive offerings in Mond^v only we offer the two song hits of the Rogers Bros.' show, "By .the Sycamore jj
$ the great second floor carpet department: :.^ V • - • •: > T*?? a 0d "Queen o! the. Bungalow," per copy.. vi 18o \
$ 60c Quality Linoleums— In a pleasing and an 80c Thpestry Brussels—In twenty or more Beginning Monday and for the week, while, quantities last, the following popular J
g attractive assortmentof designs. and colorings, • g>jod patterns, ro; parlors, dining-rooms, sheet-music, regularly 25c a copy, for^.. •...../... 15o j
j win be sold for les? than smaller dealers Jm * bedrooms, halls, etc., this week, ***% ' : - : "Ju^t for To-Night," "Because, You Were an "Old Sweetheart of Mine," "Where j
j can buy it for wholesale,, per .yard. . . .^r-f© sewed, lined ?nd laid, V^rd. . ...OO©..- the Prairie Roils Along to Meet the Plain," "There's NothingNewtoSay," and "My Cozy Corner Girl." S
«» •^^^^^¦¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦^^^¦¦^^^¦^¦i^i*^^^»*^"M«i*^^^^^^«M«i^^^^^^------^BBB***«***********MMBgiBHBBH**** «M«MHaMHMNMHIWaMHHHMMMnaNMMMHH«H^ -ag
g Choice of Any Furnhure tt ; Sa.e Summer Good Vaiues From G*x fax 1 s9ff*tP>€* Bathing Suits S
I M^ 5 '° re " k " Glass**™ Curtain DepK ™!£M^*. w s^ **°9 \
t -~7 j|} in this store some of the finest furni- Tumblers— fine thto blown glass, with daintily Oriental Stripe Draperies— 50 inch, ¦ i? , 5 , OO o yards of a gjed quality. English torchon Women $ Smt»- t{!ZJ£& ¦
V \W?Mffi$^& CL B @55fc#^-^turc that is manufactured in America? engr.ved designs-S different styies.-reguar a. variety or. des : gn* suitable, for COZy Ucc in all width, from the narrow, dainty *'-75 «O. S8 X.R?2f *
$ WwT/fcW^ f^pgP^ Do you know that" we carry none ot' on'" ' 69C corne "« c u««:ns and pillow coveri. edges u P to 4 i-z inchc, with insertions to Miues' Suits 85c //^V^A
*' the cheap trashy kinds that 'are made D °" V "c V » "& ¦ ¦'¦' c ¦ vard ' ' • •"/.-. '• • 45c match, ths kind to trim waists, chUdren's to. . ,.$3 Jp^TLj\^ \
* 10 '"''"'' 1 " 0 ' Do you know S ZT^%^T^ k l1J^ Mantc. Dr a pe S -Madc ot crep^ c.o>» <^W™,,».^^>.e c M "' lSaiU i S^^iaMl\ ¦!
K {^^^i^^^ f , j that there at« at this mement a thousand . cream p'tcher, instead of 85c set, _ o or figurea sateen, fringed, a variety is l-2c a yard, on Monday all widths,*** ** to . . . . Ji^k^/i I 7 j
*• JW^^^^S^^T^f 1 y P ieCM °r more of furniture in our umple- Monday . . 53C Ot colors, two qualities, each . . . ~ __ Boys' Suits COC to £3 tS\^ kv I £
I ffl^PS^S^I^"' 1 **-^ S^'-L'^- W,..r B . tll «-.n r i r „, „;„ . V; • ... . 7BC>o445e -.«¦•• •' « a "» S ' F u USwtamin s T?h» ]!
S 5«| ' p** 53^ 8 "* 1 contained in the -5.sto.1y warehouse in the rear . instead of 5 oc/ Monday only .., U^^ with Stocking! ; at- jA/\ \
* j ofthestore. - . p unc h Bowl - Or for. lemonade, 15 inches in any s-ze curtain, stationary pins Monday and Tuesday tacbed, fine cotton, fjz^\i %
$ ~ J? 1 ! W^It is the choice of thV great and good stock diameter, fin-.-ceaf, glass, fane/ -pattern, on "ch. ........ ...^#,25 u omc Our best Eastern sugar -*S%^ P tir • • - $im3S S
V V •" .' " of furnture that ue are offering you now it a stand, value $3. 50, M-nday sale I price . ... Table Covers— Tapestry, gobeiins an; ndlflb cureilb #O© Silk plaited T"gh:s 'SSfla flWl V
*• See the Furniture-Examine Carefully- Compare Prices. petty . pattern, instead . cf 15c, Monday 52.75, S2.&O, $1.75™* S1.6O , » ck • • • • • •••••; f* 0 Women's Alpaca Suits ' |JB J
Jf It's the lime now for warm weather furniture— here are a few suggestive 'only .80 U " Curtains - An immense variety of patterns Lennox Soap - (Proctor & Gamble) g bars —in back or navy, Wf *
J* prices on high cisss rattan goods* - - ''.:: :•;•-. tl . v :> f 1 1, t 1 - , in white and ecru color, copies of Irish paint, '. : -,• • • • .• • •• • • • 2©C trimmed , Wltll ' *ilk k±^-£jnl=-* - 5
i F hol,teredbSpanishlea,her, n ow^G.5O SondT^onl". .^ ? . T" Jf ii S^^^t^^ ' * * * "¦ 5 °° white .Ip.ca, j
V $-'8.25 RatUn'Settee- O'.v: green, uphoaterei in a solid co.or denim,* now. . . $22.6 „• " " A--fc» " W V u ' ' ' r 2 »V>V« nifntZiM—Jpfin whitT maAl »VOry So.'p- Large bars,' 7 bars ...' ,5OO «oine of the swellest ** J<
I il^~^ps lIS^SiS!i ;p 4§ ~^ rt
I iS^as^s^Ejs^ss^l^g; ill^iP |§^sj iSiS^lll^;!: : SJi*-^
£ $8.00 T*hh -Like pic!u-e, natural color, 40x16 inch top, now . .. . . . . . .55.4- • ' - ' ' ' v - ; ' •' g I >$¦ yards w^e, yard g^p, r - v p?ft wSherry _ 5 yrt old. /instead jj—^ WomcnS SultS—^e picture, g»7 or 5
} $6.0 Udies* Rxker- Natural rattan, pretty scroll, design, now. ...,...'. '.54.SO ¦ .r::c. -- -'. •':::¦-' ' ¦¦..,:.r.-..;-;-;i; . ..,.-. ; ,¦..-..?,,.. /.of 75c; tor the two days. gal.;. .. red, fine quamy alpaca, trmmed J
IV i5.75 Rattan Rocker Large roll rim all around, solid com ort,' now '. . $4-^i'. dttam^^t^^^ '¦" ¦ ' : ' " Ginjtr A!e — Cantrel or Cochrane, dor. $1,50 W ' £D wide Hercules braid, a stun- j
X Vtnl .^"¦"J«\TfWe--^Ro^.top f ;i^iaieoIor i riiow . -. . . . . . . ;.45.2O . - *tfrf Js? . . ?>: :' AI vV..«. •On-Impor:ed, the large bottle, nmg suit, for . . . ..$4 50 \
*. $375 Rattan Rocker- Lades* tire, a neat deign, now. . . ...... . . .$3- n *~Jl<£^ <4T9b ¦ -ff- ' # - ' for ~ • C* OO .. . « iL . r "„ , ,. • «
J $3.;0 Raltan Rocker-Ladies* siae, Ight an: durable, now 52.£ftt Tlfsf f+ /Av^/ f/^/f^A' M- ff M MJL** * o ' \''^" ' : : ' I V Men s Bathing Su.ts- Good qu»hty *
J 40. 00 Etcr son Table -Ocragon shape, W. O.: «%% % tiL^&MW?J^te*ffl?MWtf^T^7>M Marf ell Brandy-Three st^r, regularly ii. 7 o cotton, a l-picce suit with skirt attached,
«( .*4S.ooW.-athered. Oak Buffet -Now . . . . . ' ' ' 't %% QQ V&88t M £ fL^JL ' £ 'A ih4 7 M J LJ OJ/W/&&/B § M ' bottle . . ." . ; ... . x . .-. $1.50 blacker navy, with rei, whit; or yellow .
S jo.oo Weathered Ok Servng Table- Now! ..... . ...... . SIC- U ' "^**^ : ' ~ - - * — —^/ Old McBrayer Whiskey -(8 yrs.) full proof, stripe borders Si. SO {
*• «i8.5o Weahrred Oak Hang ng Cabinet— Now" . . . . . \ _. ' ' .'. '* S14-m8O CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- sM^^Jjll^mamB^^^^ legularly 4.00, for the two O/» Bo)^' 2-plece Cotton Suits ... . . 5Oo 5
JC *37.5° w » :^ red Oak China Cabinet— Koyfr^^G^KJPj^^ahjRfi^'-':'S3O-OO : '' ' -—^mbMBSBBHBHIBBB'^'^^^^^^ "^ v ; ¦> days, gallon %2>i£*ZJlJ Rubber Caps from 10c to J1.00 each. 5
* "6.oo \^a'hgr»d Oak Dining Chiir Now . . . :....,.... ..... . . 4.,Q* -j|pjg||i|p||p|ijii*«i« AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Budweiser Beer— qti. J2.25, dos. pu. --/»39 Bathing Shoes, pair 25c to Ji. 00. '^
' * y' - ¦¦-.'• ¦ • -.-¦ - ¦ ¦ - -...- ; - ¦¦'.¦¦ .,....'.... ..„-.,. ' '¦*'....,., .. . . ,..';,', ... ,..»'.'.'..'. ...^*.,. /....¦-_ ¦ ,'- .',..!! ..^^^.y^. ¦'...,. ,.-,,..'. ¦ ' /.. J'3Iembers of Retirement Committee.
At a meeting of the retirement com
mittee of the ; Public School Teachers*
Annuity Associatiop, . held; yesterday,
Mrs. M.* L. O'Neall of. the Laguna
Honda School' was re-electeS a mem
ber of the committee for 'the ensuing
term/ ';•;,• ;'•'¦¦. :''¦;.'[ :' - " ' '
will be heard from during the next
few weeks. , . .
Loir Cubln! *.T!i«' bread with a* flavor.'""Aia
rcir^drnltrr-whol^wile— vHX» Dolores .§C „, ,.^5.%,
Sah Francisco Veterinary Collects.
. Next teuton will btjln Jua« tth.' CatalocoM
by applyln* to Dr. E. J. Cre«ly. 610 O. O. a^r*.«
Certain taxpayers filed a petition
with Jhe Board of Supervisors yester-'
day that better police protection be
afforded on San Carlos avenue, be
tween Sycamore and Eighteenth
street. ' The petition says that mis
chievous ¦ boys continually annoy res
idents of the district and occasionally
damage .property.
Want Better Police Protection.
,The harbor and shipping committees
of the local commercial bodies will
meet at the Chamber of Commerce to
morrow afternoon to discuss the.4jues
tioft of, arousing public iijterest:in fa
vor of tHe proposed bond , issue of
J2,000,000 for the improveirientof the
water front. , The congestion of freight
on some of the docks seriously, im
pedes the work of most of the business
houses in the citjv... \ .,;•,", v... , ..-..,
Want Bond Issue to Pass!
CtvlHzatlon Is an •volution. T1m> food thlaja
like "Old OUt Edg» WljJskeT" m*ric th* high
tat point In Us pro«T«s«loo. Rem«mb«r thai,
dear. * "V\'lchman.I>tujen&Co..23-31Battcry,8.F.»
• Mayor Schmitz yesterday appointed
the following ijamed to act as a com
mittee to plan a proper observance of
Memorial day: .
- Charles A. Woodruff. A. D. Cutler,
J. G.Olesting. TViliam Healy. John H.
Roberts. George C. King, D. Geary, P.
H. Mass, S. W. Carpenter, George T.
Johnson, .Charles Edelman. George B.
McCord, John C. Burns, .Wallace M.
Park. J. H. Riley, John F. Sheehan, J.
H. Coburn, Harry M. Kelly. H. P.
Bush. Rev.' Joseph McQuaide. H. T.
Sime, Thomas W.,Costello,.F. A. Jaggi
and Gt orge S. Gould. " * % ,
: The Mayor: acted under . authoriza
tion of, .the- Board. of Supervisors em-
Twenty-Four Citizens Will Plan the
Proper Observance of Decora
tion Day on May 30.
Ths Supreme Court ordered a new
trial for Minnie Adams yesterday." The
action of a deputy sheriff in allowing
the Jurors to become separated when
they had formally retired to deliber
ate on n. verdict Ir. declared to have
nulllfled all proceedings ill the case.
The cburt also Intimates that the de
fendant should be entitled to a new
trial on the ground of ¦ lack of evi
dence.
Minnie Adams was accused of.mur
dcrins hor Itvo-yesr-old boy by giving
him a dose* of ca-rboile acid. She
claimed 1 tv.t the child look the. fatal
tirausrht on hU own will and without
her 1 1 1 1 m I r H rr ""^'"IJKII If Vj J[W tffBW?nifi
The crime WE3 alleged to have be«2n
Minnie Adams' Gets. Xc%v. Trial as Re
sult of Negligence of Deputy
Sheriff.
powering him to appoint a committee
of twenty-four citizens to outline a
celebration for Decoration day on
May 30.
MAYOR SCHMITZ APPOINTS
MEMORIAL DAY .COMMITTEE
-There is to be a change in the min-
Jstership. of that congregation In. the
near * future, as . Rabbi ' Isador Jlyers
has tendered- his 'resignation as the
minister of that .congregation,', to take
effect July. 1. ,'¦'¦...
; The; heating ;of .Rabbi .Raisan. does
not mean that he is to be called to the
pillpitrf for?' 'there ? 'are ¦ severaf. more
aspirants • lor , the position .'and . .they
: Members of the Congregation Oha
bai Shaiome, the Jewish synagogue on
Bush street, . listened attentively to
•Rabbi . Max Raisan of Stockton, who
delivered, his .trial; sermon, to the" as
sembled congregratiori yesterday morn
ing., i. ¦'.".-¦¦¦'".•. ,. ¦¦ . :'¦".'¦, • '
RABBI RAISAX IS HEARD
BY JEWISH CONGREGATION
Stockton' Prelate Delivers Sermon" In
Synnjeoffue Xeodlnk Ncw'Prc- \'i
. ¦-' siding Minister. ¦ , -
SUPREME COURT SAYS
PROCEEDINGS ARE VOID
committed about five years ago siiid
the Supreme Court has not had the
opportunity of passing upon. the case
previously because the Judge of the
trial court refused to sign the defend
ant's bill of exceptions until com
pelled to do so by order of the higher
tribunal. - . ' ; ' '
iSeorce E. Billinira, owner of the
harkciHine Jumes Tuft, which was 11-
Loied for $2000 by Sigurd Lanpraas, a
reuman, who wois severely Injured on
ihfi vessel, filed a suit yesterday to re
< over that amount from the Employ
ers' Liability Assurance Corporation
of London, from which company he
«:laims- to have secured a policy guar
anteeing him reimbursement of
money? paid out by him to persons in
jured on his vessel.
Would Make Corporation Pay.
United Stutts District Judge de Ha- j
voii yesterday dismissed the writs of !
hobe.i* corpus heretofore issued on 1
behalf of ni'teen Chinese Immigrants, '
«ho claimed to be native Americans. ;
The decision was rendered in accord- j
aii<-e v.i?h a recent opinion of the i
United states Supreme Court to the j
effect thai writs of habeas corpus may j
not be granted in cases where the pe- j
titionerr. have nut fln«t appealed to ;
\h(- Secretary of the Department of
Commerce and J^abor from" the ad
\erse ruling of the United States Im- j
migrant Commissioner. . \
Br.d I, tick of Chinese.
Alford an<I Spinetti al3o filed affida
vits alleging that the jurors had vio
lated their oaths by reading articles
from a newspaper reflecting upon C. P.
Wright, retired sergeant of police, act
ing as a juror in. the case, and state
ments made by the trial Judge and
District Attorney regarding Wright-
An affidavit was also filed by Attorney
Otarer.ee Gray to the effect that th*
<2sy before the verdict vvasr rendered
AVrfght had said to him while discuss
ing ihr- article referred to that the
Juufc'p that was trying the case believed
the defendant guilty.
Assistant District Attorney Whiting
ccid Ik v.cula require time to obtain
counter affidavits, and the matter was
continued for a week.
Wlj*n ex-Policeman Jcseph Feld ap
peared for sentence la Jud$e Dunne's
court yrrterday for murder in the first
octree tor dbooting and killing his
iuliier-in-law. Fpitz Dirking, at 11 Fair
¦venue oa the night of >iovember 2.
•Attorneys Alfcrd and Spinetti on bis
beliaif moved that the verdict be set
aside and the defendant granted a new
trial on statutory grounds.
In support of the motion seven affida
\ti£ were filed. Alford and Spinetti
" Jointly a%erred that the District Attor
ney in his closing argument at the trial
had wruntfully said that the defend
anfs wife had been driven from her
home by his taunts and blows.
Mrs. Bclia von Kapff. 2S Precita ave
rue. averred that slie was standing in
front of T Fair avenue on the night of
VNovember 2 and heard a pistol shot in
the direction of the Dirking home. She
saw no one in front of the house, which
contradicts the evidence of Ernest
Foumier, a messenger boy, and Fritz
Dirking Jr. Later she saw Fritz Dirk
ing St. v.iih a knife in his hand run
ning in the direction of Mission street.
Mrs. Ellen E. Bryant, who formerly
lived at ll'i Fair avenue, averred that
*he had seen a bar of iron similar J.0
the one with which Feld beat his wife
and mother-in-law among tools belong
ing to the Dirking family.
Frank Kerio. 4023 Folsom street, em
ployed by Charles Fritz, a butcher, who
has* ftab'.es in the rear of 11 Fair ave
nue, averred that while he'was collect
ing bricks from a heap at the side of
• the Dirking home on March SI he found
a knife which it is alleged was the one
that Dirking had in his hand when
Fe'.d shot him. It was filed as an ex
hibit. *
New Witnesses for the De
fense Are Keady and. "Will
ing- to Give Testimony
AFFIDAVITS ARE FILED
His Sentence on a Charge
* : of Murder in the First
Degree Again Postponed.
FELD INSISTS
ON NEW TRIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SUNDAY, MAY S, 1904
26
FIGURE OX THE FUTURE
, x ¦•'¦ And Buy • Property Now.
San FranclHCO REAL ESTATE
Is Gilt Edge..
Bargains from one hundred
dollar* to one hundred thousand
dollars advertised "/in to-day's
REALTY colnmn." ?/' .
' PRAGERS* . ( PRAg'eRS , « 1 PRAGERS . • | ; PRAGEKS / 1 PRAGERS .-¦¦i'm.i.mmi
W 0^ AlMVCrs RELIABLE .- _ "' . .- , •-«; ¦. . ,> ••-.... • ... .... ... ..-,.-....- •.-:..-,.- ¦ - - , ... ¦- -, . \ Mwoo.i'jRnMADVFTST^.
The Upper Stories of Our Building Are Being Vacated. [^^^^i^-_
special Sale of Toilet, j — .,,...; ' - -,,¦. — ¦-.... - .. "." ~, ;: t- — , — :^'Z — Svj — ~ ==s= — . ,. On Exhibition:
Soaps Workmen will soon begin to tear down • This great expansion largest depart- . — t— — —
MANYjbT^ most popu- walls and make ready for the greater, Prager ment store west of Chicago has given wonderful j^ e Bulletin's Paris
Iar makes of soaps are Store. v V ... . impetllS to business. .. * .;.——— ; —
here at reduced prices. O- MORROW will be the beginning of the third week of the bargains that are the talk of the city". , We have more new goods fioWllS
15c a cake— Colgate's Cash- I to offer— shipments that have just been opened—and there will be attractions not shown before. Be a participant in this ' " WTT !T
mere ijououet boap. M. , . • ' ¦¦¦T.i. • ¦¦,';.'¦ ¦ -'N -r r.
lOc a cake-Pears' Soap. memorable event. • / ;^ •• Which- were made especially
10 c a cake — Munyon's Witch — \ ...... I 1 : ' . . ' 'v 1 . « Drecoll the famous
H 5M)c S r?'ake-Roger & Giiiefs Expansion Sale'. Special. -''Expansion Sale'-, Sped -il. Expansion Sale Special. Expansion Sale Special. dressmaker, i'or the winners of
for =5c-I.a PrWa •' CUSHION CORDS. '. S HE E PSK}NS. RIBBONS. .. VEILINGS,-..; the Bulletin's s tory C0nte5t ;
Spanish Castile Soap. Regular 10c 24c each— Cushion cords with 37c each— For burnt leather , l»c . a yard— Beautiful broken "15c a yard— Fancy veilings in '**"' aZ» t his week Every
"ke. , j S - >f*A large tassels, 3 yards long. They work.- Colored sheepskins in red, check ribbons in blue , and white, black, white and combination of „__,_ u^ int+rmfrA in
Sc . c ak =-Co,ga t e , O.m-1 th = mercerized kind and ,oo k gr «n. ro ode. gray. tan. ch,,npagn e bjaek and white and and white and ||| tuxtdo , briaf and ™£. Mg*g& S
#i^Si|| llkeS "BURE^ SCARFS. |nifc^. S KS ts^^ «™-» : «»«- arepfein, the d g ressn r aking - ar , P
LEATHER BAGS. aoe .ich-IrUh point 'lace ' ' Snft? 2»p!S S? 7% Fifth avenu. bows. Worth other, are chenille dots. All are W e wiU announce the day
o^eSldtt^B W^h 5octch Dd PiIW Sham! ' r^ lo JVe have about I5 odo,en .^todta wide. Worth «. M c later-watch the papers
Of Vital Importance Is This Sale of Thousands of Yards of High Class A Department Exclusively for the
Women's Underwear. " :.*] Goods at/ a Saving, r Interests of GhHdren>
THESE bargains of pretty seasonable underwear are OME new. -garmehts, will be on sale tomorrow for tiie
splendid values. They are the choicest collection, in' our. ,: \/\/ building when we offer these magnificent specials; first time. They are just the things that are needed lor
entire magnificent stock and it- will pay you. well/to se- otherwise we could not possibly: make such extravagant summer comfort. The prices have been marked very low.
cure at least one of them. ¦' '; • V: • ' reductions on these choice silks and dress goods. 'We want • • i LONG COATS. ! . -
GOWNS. % ; ;(' •. ¦ -everything- new for the opening of the greater Prager store.. • *U35-Long coats made of cream "shrnere with i collar ot_em-
G8c-, 2 oo dozen night dresses made of soft cambric. with; >jkes of : . • " -BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS: - brOldc ? of / Same matenaU * $
nne tucking and torchon insertions; hemstitched" ruffles around collar 61.60 a va*rd_Prii»«tW« «iilr warn' hlark dran du alma. a. most ¦ KUiari^Kd.
and down fhe front. Worth $1.00. "V . .; , «J ' |£^]SK^^^S^^^r3SS^^W^I^^^ . / 5C r C !; ildre 3' S /^^"T^colla
VESTS. , - ., ; % , -..fl.OO a yard-Priestley's black wool royalette; very, rich black >roRen checks an. d strip es Th "^fc "S«r?t"rs while at pS?
O8e— Summer weiffht vests; "Kayser make. :. silk and lisle mixed, goods for mourninir wear. Worth $2.25 a yard. I rcd « Slzcs 2 to - 6 *""• Fin 5 /ZL,£Z* OUS * P
fine Richelieu rib. Neck and arm holes are run with silk ribbon. They $2.25 a yard — Priestley's black-lute string, an open canvas mesh. ' JACKETS). * - ¦.
are in pink, blue and cream. Regular $1.25 value: It is, very stylish when worn over silk drop skirt. Regular value $3.00 * V LA LgsS Thon Regular Price.
73c — Summer weiRht vests; silk and lisle mixed. Kayser make. a yard. . . ' . . ... . „ ., . . •> / j • t * . n ... v.. M^
Hand crochet-yokes drawn with silk ribbons. Pink, blue and cream.. .$1.50 a. yard— Priestley's black estamene. an unfinished worsted , Children's white pique, Bedford and Oxford jackets, all are Beitra-
¦ Worth $1.00. . effect;, sponged and shrunk. This is a fine, wearing material. Worth fully trimmed. Some have collars of wide Irish point : embroidery.
TIGHTS. ' - $2:25 rerularly. - • others have large sailor. collars with embroidery medallions, bizes are
DSol-Summer weight tights, the well-known Kayser make; silk and $2.25 a yard— 56-inch Raye suiting: plain cloth with self-colored 2, 4. 6 and 8 years. . ' '¦/£'
lisle mixed. Knee length. Come in pink, blue, black and cream. Worth stripe. Colors, navy, brown, tan and wine., tor summer or fall wear. _- , _ :
Si 25 . Regular $3.00 a yard value. . . -^ - • • W% m
HOSIERY. , •- SSc-ayard—^4-inch novelty check suiting; the Scotch ideas in mix- NOthlI\€T R.eSerVeQ III 1 HIS JSlS
25c psir— Women's black gauze lisle hose; fancy lace openwork tures of green, Wown and gray. Worth $1.25. . mvmuh^ •^.v^vi ?^ _ o»
from toe to top and all around; double heels and toes. Hermsdorf dye. SILKS. :;V . # • - m#«n* H .J...i!<%m CjiIa
All sizes. Regular 50c values. " 31c a yard— 27-inch white Japanese. silk; suitable for shirt waists, IVllilinerV lx.eClUCtlOIl Ollie.
25c a pair— We carry the well-known Pony brand of children's etc. Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than 50c. # ¦ # •£ _ .
stockings in fine and heavy rib. All sizes for boys and girl,. white Japanese silk. Only a limited quantity -^ VR cntire stock h been thoroughly looked over and
mj« ' f\ m <m a * 03c a 'yard— 24-inch black peau de soie, soft finish. It is not the I 1 every hat and piece of trimming reduced in price. The
PlOSU L/OiSiPreHenSlVe ArraV OI cheap, flimsy silk, hut a reliable make which sells usually at $1.00 a yard. X^r h - t secure t h e best quality and the most stylish
Z > black cre a am a and~ -^hfte" s uarantced Eurcka Sllk for lining ' U 1S m hats are too numerous to speak of here. These items can
Women*^ Stvlish 1 Tailor GflrmentS 48ca yard— 24-inch pongee, all silk. The most popular silk of the give only a slight idea of the great offers. You must sec to
t t vmvu o« wfcjr ai^aa * uuv> .. *a*x/m*t^. day. Regular 65c quality. appreciate, them. ' ~
NEVER has there been so much interest in any sale as is lTmFA*»*rtl%Siv«' '«n HAmActirc a* Misses' Street Hats for $2.48 J WOrth $4.50
being shown in this Expansion Sale. The opportunity IWeryHimg III I/OmCStlCS flb -.; Frcnch sailor shaqc bumt and natufal colored straw; finishcd
for new spring and summer suits, coats and waists at a ¦• f> •" " • ' ; C 1 1> * with band and larKC bow of straw and a ct ornamcnt * Ve^X stylish
to . 1 g w SUITS I»ApOIl5IOMl OUiv \ * IWCO* a « A beautiful /large flaring shape of mixed straw trimmed in velvet
911.O5-Handsome etons. blouses and swell military styles of ' i-|-^i HERE isliot anything ordinary about this offer ; some of and steel ornaments. We have them in brown and white, navy and white
' $ a o C £ Sfd? " S -o Chevi ° t8i CtC ' * A " arC PrettUy trimi " 6d - Rcduced from I the biggest vklues ever arranged are here. Don't fail to and Blackand Tuscan straw turban trimmed with bands of black vel-
v " " 914.05IIAII styles in voiles, etamines, fancy mixtures, cheviots, >. attend, this great sale. , neK ' . ' . vet and caught with gold buttons.^ ; . •¦¦ .
etc These are exceptional values. They have been reduced from WASH GOODS. A very stylish close fitting turban in black, navy. «r brown. They
$25.00 and $27.50. " H« a yard— Imported zephyr ginghams, full 32 inches wide, in are neatly trimmed with satin ribbon to match.
~ .^lD.T.-i— Beautiful black cheviot suits made in extra sizes— bust pretty stripes and solid colors. This is. an exceptional value. ¦ 1\w»ee U/i»e ift»'rpHnrP^ frnm <sih and 1 <»1? % **
measures from 40 to 50 and waist bands up to 40: This is an excel- 15c a iyard— Imported figured Swisses; white or colored grounds,. 0reSS HQtS q>O.H*O 9 feQUCea Trom J)1U ana Cl-
ient chance for people who are inclined to be fleshy and who cannot with pretty dots and figures woven through.- Never sold. for less than # HamJsoine ac k maline turban, : full brim and crown of black and
be fitted in ready»to-wear garments. -The coats are made hip length, . ,25c a yard. . , - ¦-... "¦'"". "' . ,. '... a 'iu ¦ white cowslips -and finished with large steel buckle across the back,
tuxedo reveres. The skirts are made seven and nine gore flare. Special 10c a yard — Satm finished Oxford waistings; white ground witn ' Worth $i-» 00
for to-morrow. neat little- figures, dots in all sizes, stripes, checks, etc. Worth 30c. a UattuZ™- t,,rh a n ma^ nf .*'£? >~ ".
" COATS. . 30c a yard-Dotted alpacas (washable); white ground with black bro \,. n accord?onplSe? liberty 4 «^*»^^^^
$11.45— line covert jackets, beautifully made and lined .with Skin- dots or black and navy grounds with white dots; regular 50c grade. .ilk trimmed with bands of cold W8Bil™!£3£%&
ner's guaranteed satin. They are worth $17.50. ' Re a yard-40-inch striped Swisses for sash curtains, etc. Regular s» k '""^ '™ of oink roses
94.05 and ?7.45-These are all our regular $10.90 and $12.50 coats.. 10c value. f Vahied at $10.00. " WM^^M^
*2.5O, $ 2.T5, ™t?'$^P2£$r&k of wash suits in a .* ** a piece-ErS^ soft finish. There . J™£*J*ft <™™ _
beautiful array t>f patterns. .: • . arc 12 yards to the piece. Worth $150. , . - vvhite satin ribbon trimming it. l f 4iS\f^^ M V^i^^
48c — 1000 cra?h walking ?kirts; they are made full width with deep CURTAINS. < Reduced from $10.00. • - rj *l/^^S>' >c ''^^^?vfe\
hem and are tucked and corded. These arc on sale for to-morrow only. .?^.45 a pair— Fine lace curtains among which arc the real Irish Fancy green and Tuscan braid » vM'^^llfP^^ ¦^"^K^SftSf
PETTICOATS. point, Arabian, Renaissance, Marie Antoinette, Scotch madras, etc. All French sailor shape elaborately n§2®fflili^|i?^ ¦g%^f
05c— Made of extra nuality sateen with deep accordion pleated these curtains are worth from $4.00 to $5.00 a pair. ; trimmed with grapes and combina-
flounce. Reduced from $1.75. • - . ' ' NEW DRAPERIES. • • tion of pink and green satin rib- A •ji^S^^^^Jr^
MISSES' COATS. - ~ c a yard — Yard wide figured silkoline. bon. V >ir&ik^'>3?r
.f4.2r» and ?5.75— Two styles of Peter Thompson coats for girls 12j^c a yard— Double faced reversible art denim. Pretty all-over lace hat in cream. yf-
from 8 to 16 years old. They are regular man-tailored, made of extra lf »« a yard— Heavy yard wide burlap. finished with roses and plume; roll- C r£f£S^$ML
quality cheviot?, with emblem on sleeves. . 23c a yard— New satin finish art ticking.- . ing shape. Worth $10.00. I . » s^^ksKf
SHIRT WAISTS— ONE-HALF PRICE. RODS. $3. 69— Fancy braid turbans J ' tfttgg!?
Our shirt wai<t department offers unusual attractions durin? this 5c— Brass extension sash rods. . made, in our workrooms There . "^^--^^cIn^R^
great expansion sale. All the best makes are to be found here at a 10c— 54-inch extension curtain rods. are over twenty different styles. "%V^Wim^iil
saving of one-half. , : ,• . . . % .. NAPKINS. . . These are regular $4.50 and $7.50 / /f3hM'4^W
— — $1.05 a dozen — 100 dozen heavy- satin damask table napkins, large values. , • . ¦/ \
Clothing for Men— All the Latest §2SlM D " iKns m nMt dot! ' dov " lcaf ' scro "' ctc - Worlh $2S0 ; brown7 n c d h "wj;u n t , s £?M£ \tj&0* all v)
VWlUIll^ AH^fl x mwim. *-*»• l,**^ WWVVJU a aozen. , TABLE LINEN and red and white. These hats
Styles and Materials. mi^^^^M^^^M widc- mM *' . h "S= b ""n" du «oc- I & n $ Sn,ed S h a pe S: cni y . Itai .cdn«»b er ie ft .
, 'y — — ; ' , _^— - — r — ~ ; . BRAIDS, FLOWERS.
T.HERE are some mighty stylish suits and overcoats in the */ - Monday Specials — Household Necessities. ¦ 2^ c a yard— Straw braids; att- - 15c a bunch— Rose foliage with
part of the stock we have selected for this big. event. , For \ = — — ; colors. £jg ; c a bunch— Geranium foliage
those who give any thought to economy this is of vital * ti * HE best the market affords at prices "that • are without 15c a bunch— Pink roses, 6 in a 50c — Large Forget-Me-Not
interest. ; .'..'" 1 doirbt the very lowest. \ . bunch. , ;^;; wreaths.
Oil f\A —All wool Scotches, homespuns, cheviots, worsteds '05c — Waffle iron. . 8c — Egg beater. _ -¦:.-¦ % \^%« -• • * *% «% •%
zLl W^^Mv&M§>. T'£-w ind r %M -rfonr/pin.- Boys' Clothing— Some Rare Bar-
. . aud snug fitting collars. Every garment is guaranteed perfect fitting. . i«»c— wooden sajaa.sci. 4c a box— Toothpicks. • -•» **
These are regular Si.vOO. $16.50 and S17. 50 values. l-«— Flour sifter. Sc— Lemon squeezer. '¦. CTAlflC f\% iSiOU/ IWArmOTltc
" .,"> OVERCOATS. ' -Jc foot— Gas tubing. 4c— Can opener. ' * j^aHlO \Jl Il^VY X^ai IUWIiQ> -
$ 1 1 .00 Msi^MmMM&B liSliiSii I""'''" 0 " 5tOVCS ' 10C ~ rCe "^ -I T^ HIS ; i S -th e shopping c e nt«lfor the youngsters. We havi
Skinner satin sleeve linings. They come in two lengths, 33 and .i6 • 1 JUSt tmn^ s to P'ease them at prices that are pleasing
Black and Oxford cheviots in medium length box coats; cut full Jia LJii ww A^A^ A A^ A - y ¦'• • SUITS.
and hang gracefully. Some are serge lined, others Venetian linrd. All dM&k I k£2 "^^w^-nfl^r «... ,v~ : . . • / j« ~\ . .. ¦•
arc hand-made and will keep their shape. *J% U|| Jl >^ W •'fl ![ M W H "S^ {?J.O.,_Boys* two-piece suits; jacket and knee trousers in navy blus
VESTS >.V •:.';. wS I H H m an mixcd soods; ages 8 to u years. Regular $2.50 values.
fil.OO, 51.15, .$t.35. 92.00, 91S.5O and 93.00— Summer wash /*^Nfeffl J^ t4^S. JILilL ML M. X S ' * 4 * OQ — Three-piece suits: jacket, vest and-knee trousers. Ajo g
vests in all the newest materials and shades— gun metal, gray, tan and I il W* f&&^ \ \ to Z 5 years. Reduced from $5.00.
black and white effects. A bis assortment to select from. \B1 J *^t^, W ?2.45 — Sailor -and eton suits, in navy blue. These suits are very *t-
OUTING CLOTHES. " \ W*^^ aT\VAV«; DPT TAT»T r tractive and durable. Aces Uo 10 years. Worth $3.00.
9«.^3 to 912.50— Two-piece outing suits in Scotches and fancy K§ Ab«Aii3 xv^ivi^iJ31^1^ 92.45— Norfolk suits: iust the thing for school wear. They are all
cheviots. > f -v^-- " . ' JpQ 1O>*>Q lOBIATV/TAlilfTCT CT« at vvc " ma< * c ancl per'ect fitting. Regular $3.00 values.
91.5O to 92.5O a tsarment — Made of - U. S. Government khaki ' X^<Jo* WPv jLYLAxCJoJC* X O I.jones 45c, TOc'and OOc— Washable suits in a big assortment of patterns.
• cloth, single breasted coats; Norfolk coats and trousers. ' .. I : . — > __— i — : 1 . ; Also a better* equality worth up to $2.50.
92.50, 93.50 and 94.0O— Blue flannel and blue serge coats, . ,_ _ __ . - , .' . - ?— k, '-' _- -.* . . TDnnccQc . " •'
single and double breasted styles. - AH the Shopping Inducements That Have Made \ trousers.
91.O0 up to $3.00— Lihen, alpaca, grass cloth and auto dusters in . ThU Store PoiiUlar' Are* Still Here ** 45c— Woolen knee trousers, also corduroys. Special for a few"day«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
8EEBBCSBBHHZIBBEBEIBBBB
I WE TRUST THE PEOPLE."
STHIS WEEK'S!
S SPECIAL. I
C if Folding Go Cart. B
g ff lightest end strong- ¦
~ n est raede. rubber W
n i. fl* tired; entire cart g
O #1 weighs about 10 lbs. 5
SI Regular price, m
I J«.5O. For this ¦
E 5 week and while ¦
& »K they last H
l.r $2,75 ]
P /^rtVTxX reduction of. 20 per 'W
' f\t*jhgS!~L\ crnt °^ our entire g
X \y?&r&Sj line of Go Carts and S
2 y ~2s4^f Baby Buggies.- §
* *^
JB No housewife should be without K
CI a Refrigerator, especially at the ¦
S. prices \v« quote. Wo have bought R
S275 Refrigerators from a retiring m
xnauufacturcr; one else only, hold- «¦
a Iv.g .",0 lbs. ice; length. 25 iachcK; 2
2 drj'tJi. iC inches; heicrht. 2S>>. J*
~ inches. Frair.e made of hard wood. ¦¦'
™- Th!B riefriscrator !s sold regular- B
H ly tor S15.2S. For this *>rm nn ¦
K week and while th«-y"x/ /S rj
B l "*- 'v^f.m
¦ ». ¦ ¦ ' ¦
I EASTERN 1
I OUTFITTING C0.3
g 'jSIO-maiTCCKTOH.Sr. *
ti . J- v jir.»*Ti Jlousra Complete. B
flB All Ciirs J^-ail t> Our Store. H
B- Coiniii-y Orders Solicited.^ W
£tt£Z2aSE'iS3BEBhBBlSnBE5aTHE SAN FRANCISGQ CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, '1904.
27
ADVERTISEMENTS. . "• I '. . ¦ : , __^
invest in I an e 9 o * s on the Verge of the Great- I , NVEST , N ' I !
san dieqo I est Substantial Boom Southern san diego i |
property j California Has Ever Seen. property j |
lot in this sightly subdivision is unexceUed. There are g^^^^^^^^^^^SS^^^^^tgir^^^^teT^^^^^^^S^^^^^gsssflri^^^. The prices are less than one-third of which lots are o
no hills or canyons, but only the finest of lots. All lots ' '^^^^E^^^^S^^^^^^S^^^^^^^^S^^^Sfi^BB^^^i^^^''' being sold for in the same section. Now is the time o
arc 25x125 feet to a 15-foot alley, and all streets are 70 " *^^^^^^^^^^^^^S^^^^^^^^fe^^^^^^^S3^^^^^ to u y These prices will not last long. This is o
feet "wide, and are located in the geographical center of "- 5 <„..¦:"-. *^—^^— =^ -— -• -•...- - .j-^t~- , TTT""""^ . -. an unrivaled opportunity to get' in on the ground floor o
' *> o r Copyright Applied For. ¦ . rr J ° ° X
the city of San Diego. The drainage is perfect. Every a fboposed FXiAxr or the one hundred million hollas steel plant roa the pacific and double your money in 90 days and quadruple it in o
_ , STEEL COSHPANT. . . ' '-v-'-' -;'>¦>'¦ "• '. * ¦'! • . . 9
lot is a good one. . I _ I six months. o
¦ * • ©
Guarantee Prices Will Be Advaneed Inside of 3O Days |
* Only Three Days More for You to Get in on the Ground Floor, „ I
CAN YOU DO BETTER than to buy one or more of thezc lots at these prices?. Thjnk of .how property has advanced in all sections of Southern California in the past four years while San §
Diego has been asleep, and then consider the immense profits that will be made in the next two years in San Diego property; with a ONE HUNDRED MILLION. DOLLAR STEEL PLANT to o
<tk head her industries, to say nothing of one or more New Transcontinental Railroads that will shortly make that city their terminus. Certificates of Title will be issued. on each lot by the Union Title *& ©
& Trust Company of San Diego and the Title Insurance & Trust Company of Los Angeles, which are two of the strongest, trust companies in the West. J
* $5 to $10 Down-Balance $1 a Week No Interest— No Taxes || J
V fl^^^^m^^^BKxn^Mv lS* Yd m vm • A AW iftf lift aT (P KJ Ma^ |MM^ |iRnvna ~j a
OUT-OF-TOWN customers will be given an opportunity to buy these lots, and any order received by mail will receive our prompt attention, and the best lots at our disposal at the time order J
*a is received will be secured by them. Terms to out-of-town customers: For each lot desired they must inclose a money order for $i.oo to bind the sale. We will for this amount reserve them ?* a
*§ v ¦.-¦•'¦¦ ' .
the lot or lots desired and forward to them a map and the number of said lot, and the balance of the purchase price can either be paid upon receipt of deed or terms can be arranged if desired for * •
weekly payments. But be sure and mention the price lot you desire and whether you want to pay cash or buy on installments. . •
Now Read Why San Diego Is Bound to Boom j
Q aM Hi I Off A HaC* Most healthful and equable climate IN Several large dairies, one doing an Im- Over $300,000 being expended -by "War Half a million" acres of extremely fer- A O3TE HtnfDaiD MTLT.TOTf DOlr- a
OClll LJIt/MU llUO • THE WORLD. : .:" ; mense business on the Pacific Coast and Department, building a model four-com- tile lands in the delta of the Colorado t.*^ gTBJBI, TTtATTT AJTD A
V.- ; The Bay of San Diego is a magnificent shipping to Hawaiian Islands and Phil- pan y army post and buildings Now River.lnEastern.SanDiegoCounty.be- ¦'*- MOXXXXO "tt. Z
Twenty-Blx thooaand inbabitanU. sheet of water, completely landlocked ippines. . . .. ... , " ing irrigated and the settlers pourlns in . T —**•»' .
FIStcen public schools. and protected, and is recognized as one Two cold storage plants and ice manu- ""^V* nnisnea. . , to help make this, city's back country Is to be erected at Saa Diego by a pow- q
High SchooL or the finest and safest horbors in the facturlns plants, one costing 3100,000. Government also building large ord- one of surpassing wealth and productiv- erful Eastern syndicate, and two Carne- O
$350,000 State Normal School can be world. Its length is thirteen miles and Foundries ' nance repair shops, electric light plants. ity.V ;' ¦ . ¦*; gle experts are on the ground planning •
seen from area twenty-two square miles, and it is Machlno «!hon« hospitals and several miles of splendid , Besides this, the United States Gov- the details A 3000-acre site has been •
«XOMTS. Snt?rrmer C^t^rin%TA h heVcmc Oas engine fL'tory. ' F^*S^£^ t SZS& »*«** & T \ "S^ °l "^ •
Five banks and two more to be started and the navies of the world. The en- Automobile factory. # the " neB „, " „,„ VTSTti ¦ rado River ' above Yuma. for Government trIes arc already bidding for entrance. O
within thirty days trance to this harbor has Just been deep- Citrus and other fruit packing com- seen irom Mission. uay irieignis. irrigation. This is to be thrown open to Consider the immense amount of rail- , O
$80,000 County Hospital can be inn cned by the Government to thirty feet, panJes. J. r^ Spreckels & Co.. to spend $1,500,- settlers, and will all be a back country road buflding. Irrigation and other devel- . f
from Ne i^ 1°/ \ Soap factory. * 000 in enlarging one of the present water for San Diego .^ - opme nt work now going on throughout 1
$150,000 Spreckels coaling docks. Larg- . systems, to Irrigate 250.000 acres more A regular building boom is now under * .. a «.,»*.-,— ? v^, < • 2
WOSSIOS BAT DXOKIS. , \; est on coast. . Large brewery. * g ¦ & b numbcr of nne homes . flats the whole Southwest, and bear in mind g
Finest ooera house Jn the West. Recently Improved marine railway re- Cigar factories. . manuflctuMnT"or entire bay a "<J renting houses being in course of that San Diego Is the only natural ocean O
SSO ooo PuWle LlbS-T pair docks. . .Woodworking factories. ;^||g power for manufacturlnsr for entire bay construction, as ".well as a number of outlet and inlet from . and ;to>tbon re- •
$co"ooo r»v Hail Perfect Government quarantine sta- Brickyards. • region. f'^:c^', ¦ business blocks and- improvements to gions. as well as 'many -of the Eastern T
s^Sjrjsr- 4 "^ " ™ — - G0 ,« ra . igSS^i ||si^li^illip Tsss« ta^ M . #SSI^ S :
Seventy-flve m'le« of rraded atree's. mcnt fortiflcations, recently equipped $200,000 harbor improvements by Gov- Many miles of the suburban motor ley.Line of the Huntington-Hellman syn- TH2SW X8TOCATB HHEB rxXTXTKB *•
Sixty-two miles motor roads - : wlth tbe heavlest modern disappearing ernment. roads to be adapted to electricity and dicate is being steadily pushed south- . XT TOU CA8. -t ,' ; j? r £* %
One of the flnwit *^u!nr>#«l" *teetHe e! * se srun8 ' The UnIted States Govern- i surveys for Improvements and extcn- .ward from Los Angeles, touching the «. .,-...„ tn .^ av «ff-«. ¦ ?».. k^ » ft
.tr^t railway - tSLt*S« f^Th*. T^S? t i ment spent $200,000 in Improvements at ADDITIOWS AITO IMPBOVESUWTS sibns already made, one of which will principal towns en route, with San Diego San Diego to-day - offers the best and O
Stat« Sine on twelve miles of this fort last year. . UNDER WAT ABB . pass MISSION. BAT HEIGHTS. as its ultimate destination. ' . safest Investment opportunity . of any •
streets. HT. Hn>TOTBIT8 ABU $250,000 Government coaling docks. . A wonderful activity, in the mining Greatest of all. however, are the fol-^ • city in the West. A small Investment in g
$500,000 sewer system and perfect *»"*" «**» *«**wo*«o^o a&« nqw ordered by the . GOVERN-- sections of the county . near San Diego. lowing: • San Diego real estate at the. present low Q
drainage. . Large salt manufacturing company. MENT. ' Admiral Bradford says he is go- many new gold and copper, mines being . ! ___ pawaka cawax prices may easily be the foundation of O
City water system. Abundant and pure (Capital $200,000.) Ing to make at San Diego' harbor ONE opened up and machinery Installed. *-«.*»a«a uahao.. a fortune. .For this. reason many Invest- •
water. Incorporated fishing companies. OF THE MOST COMPLETE COALING ' An Immense zone of very rich copper Now a Government enterprise, and the . ors are being attracted [ta.thls field from 2
Finely equipped fire department. Ice factory. AND NAVAL STATIONS OWNED BY; and gold ores Is just beginning to be de- construction of which is to go forward all over California and many t>arts of tha S
Magr.lf.cent l«00-acre park area, owned C One of tbe largest lumber companies THE NAVY. veloped in Lower California, and in terrl- at once, will mean millions to the Pacific rnit#>d Stat^ anrf th» i* ? S
by city. Now being developed and beau- and milling plants In California has been Large reduction works to bs estab- . tory that will always be tributary to San Coast and more to San Diego than any ?», , * # "* elements are o
tifled by Parsons & Cook, the landscape organized, to have. their headquarters in llshed here for the manufacture of. Diego, and millions'of dollars are being - other place.- San Diego will become the gathering for one of the greatest periods >. j g
architects for Central Park and Greater San Diego, and will be ready for bust- 'Lithia. from the famous Palagonite Invested In the mines. The Rothschil&s jobbing and distributing center for the of activity ever known; In the South- |?
New York. 15. ness in the next Blxty days. . mines near San Diego. are already heavy, investors there. . .entire Southwest. * 7 * - west. .
THE MISSION BAY LAND CO. I
Home Office: Suite 411-412 Cor. 4tli a3acl Spriixg Streets, OWNERS OF |
Braly Bldg., Los Angeles, Cal. Loa Angeles, GaL MISSION BAY HEIGHTS |
„, ,, , ||M |||||||H t • ,| H |,w ,n i i !!¦!¦¦¦ ¦ ¦iiiiniiimiiii ii i i ' I, mi, •-Population of San Dlcgo.
SAN DIEGO, May 7.— A census of
this city, Just taken by a directory
company, shows a population of
27.000, an increase of 10,000 since the
Federal census of 1900. The names of
tourists do not go Into the register.
The Department of Electricity noti
fied the Board of Supervisors yester
day that it had denied the petition of
the Central Lisht and Power Com
pany to set poles and string wi^es on
Geary street, between Poweu and
Stockton, as the proposed construc
tion would be in violation of the or
dinance requiring wires to be placed
underground. The company la about
to make a similar application to the
Supervisors.
Denies Request to Erect Poles.
against sending a pledged delegation
to the National Convention. Resolu
tions were also adopted indorsing Con
gressman Bell. Senator Dlgg3 and
Assemblyman McFinnell.
. Windmills. in Germany are now be
ing used" to", produce hower to drive
electric motors.'-'
., JOUET. 111.. May ,7.— Mayor CroHius. three
of: his poitc*: officers' and- one : eltl*en were'ln
• dieted to-day -for conspiracy. >>.Tb«y.ar* alleged
f to hare" interfered- with-, a -number of Repub
! lican Italians, who, by . arrest, , threats &aJ
I other means ' were prevented votlnj.
; SUISUN. May 7.— There was held
here to-day an important meeting' of
delegates representing seventeen* fruit
canneries of Central and Northern
California outside of the California
Fruit Canneries Association. The ob
ject of the meeting was 'to bring .the
canneries of the State outside of the
association into a more harmonious
understanding. It was • decided to
make a united effort to, round out dis
reputable Jobb«rs ; in : the East and
other places and devise some means of
regulating the shipments whereby
evils may be obviated. .
Concerns Outside. the Association Will
Endeavor to Prevent Improper
Eastern Jobbing.
CANNERY DELEGATES
ASSEMBLE AT SUISUN
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, May 7. — Carroll D.
Wright, Commissioner of the Bureau
of Labor, has undertaken in a, bulletin
which has just been issued to throw
light on the Increased cost of living
In 1903 over the preceding thirteen
years. The first table shows that the
average relative prices of all com
modities were higher in 1903 than at
any time since and Including 1SS0.
Farm products reached the lowest av
erage In 1S0S and- the highest in 1902;
clothes and clothing were lowest in
iJS97anJ highesUn 1890; fuel and light
ing were lowest in 1894 and highest In
1903; metal and 'implements were'low
est in 1898 and highest in 1900; lumber
and building material were lowest in
1S97 and highest In 1S93. , .
Raw. commodities and manufactured
commodities have been separated < for
further examination. In the group
designated as "raw" are included > all
farm products, beans, coffee,"; eggs,
milk, rice," nutmegs, pepper, tea, veg
etables, raw -silk, wool, lead, pigiron,
bar silver, spelter, pig. tin, brimstone,
jute and rubber,. a total of fifty ar
ticles. . Manufactured commodities ad
vanced to a level only exceeded In the
year 1S90.,: They were higher, by 21.5 per
cent than , in 1897, by 11 per -cent than
In 1899, and about 1 per cent higher
than in 1S92.- The statistics show a
decrease in the price of beef from 1902,
but- the relative : price compared with
the ; period in 1S9Q shows an in
crease.In cattle of 4.7. t>er; cent. Drug
prices were much higher in 1903. Fuel
end lighting show an astonishing in
crease, ¦' petroleum >being 50- per cent
higher on an average.
Special Dispatch to* The Call
COLUS A, May 7.— At the Democratic
County Convention held at Williams
to-day the following delegates were
elected: I. G. Zumwalt, J. M. Peart,
J. W. Goad, ,W. R. Tully, C. P. Dun
can, G. P. Ahlf. They were not in
structed. A< resolution indorsing Con
gressman Bell was adopted.
At the Republican County Conven
tion held in Colusa to-day the follow
ing delegates vrere elected: J. W.
Kaerth, F. Kilgore and N. Hughes.
They were instructed for Roosevelt and
D. ,'c. McKinlay for Congressman.
FRESXO. May 7.— The Hearst forces
were successful in electing a full dele
gation* of thirteen from the outside dis
tricts of Fresno County to-day. They
are: From the Sixtieth District— E. H.
Tucker. A. E. Fay, H. T. Christman,
Samuel Briscoe, W. R. Shannon and
Samuel Burnett; from the Sixty-first—
M. M. Parsons. P. H. McGarry, Roy
Traber, William Dougherty, J. E. Peck,
A. E. Petrea and W. M. Cunningham.
, . LAKEPORT, May 7.— At the Demo
cratic V convention to-day the Lowley
delegates were ¦ defeated and the - fol
lowing were elected: W. R. Prather,
J. N-, League, E. Howard - and James
Keasey. They ¦ were not instructed.
MODESTO, May 7.— The Republican
and Democratic County conventions
were both held here to-day. The Dem
ocrats sent an unpledged delegation to
the State convention. . *
WOODLAND, May 7. — The, Demo
crats of Yolo County at their conven-_
tion to-day elected the. following dele
gates to the State - convention: Dele
gates at large— T.- C. Snider. Ed E.
Leakei Ben; Griffin. . District delegates
— F. M- . Buckingham. William King,
A. C*. Stevens, Floyd Tabler, *W. J.
Boiirland. H0^HHHP!SC@m^£
¦ r Resolutions were adopted instruct
ing ; the delegates to vote as ; a - unit
Republican and Democratic
Conventions Are Held in
Several Interior Cities
Commissioner of Laoor Is
sues a Bulletin on the In
creased -Cost of Living
SAN RAFAEL, May 7. — A serious
wreck was narrowly averted on the
North Shore Railroad to-day. A spe
cial picnic steam train came near run
ning into an electric train at the
mouth of Corte Madera tunnel. The
picnic train was en route from Sausa
lito to Fairfax Park. There were about
1200 passengers on board. The
crowded electric train was en route
to Sausalito. : v/;'-[
When the electric train reached, the
north portal of the Corte Madera tun
nel it stopped, there being only a single
track through the tunnel. The picnic
train was to puss through the tunnel
first, but was late. After waiting sev
eral minutes Brakeman Ed Doudy
was sent ahead and the electric train
proceeded slowly through the tunnel.'
Just as it was emerging from the south
portal the locomotive appeared. The
trains were stopped within " a short
distance of each other. Passengers
on the electric train were gTeatly ex
cited, but no one was hurt.
Prompt Action of an Engineer and a
Motorman Prevents a Terrible
Disaster.
TRAINS ALMOST CRASH •
IX A MARIX TUNNEL
QUOTES PRICES
OF COMMODITIES
NAME DELEGATES
IN CONVENTIONS
SAX JOSE. Mar 7. — The conference of dried
fruit stowcts called to mt« at San Jose at 1 :30
p. in. on lhe- 10th lnst. will convene In th Uni
tarian Church. An Invitation has been ex
tended to all persons interested In any manner
In th* restoration of natural market condition*
for California dried fruits, especially prunes, to
attend.
• . Opened and There Will Be Xo
Life or Activity.
fcT. LOUIS. May 7. — The World's
Fair will be closed to-morrow to all
but holders of passes. Even to those
• the buildings will be closed and be
yond pedestrians strolling through the
SToends there will be no life or actlv
"ity. The only event of interest ex
pected to-morrow is the arrival of ex
' Queen Llliuokalani of Hawaii, who.
vith her adopted son and his trlfe,
xrt^jepme to the exposition and occupy
a raite of rooms inside the grounds.
None of the Buildings Will Be
ST. IX)IIS EXPOSITION
WILL BE CLOSED TO-DAY
KALAMAZOO, Mich.; May 7.—
George W. of San Francisco,
who was rujp down by an automobile
in the streets here yesterday, died this
evening from his Injuries. Parker
was a pioneer business man of this
section of Michigan and came here to
spend the summer with his son. He
was president of the Pacific Coast
Gypsum Company and was Interested
In many mines throughout the West-
Parker ran the first steam engine over
the Michigan Central Railroad, from
Detroit to this city. The Michigan
Central was the first system to have a
line in this country. Part of the dis
tance the train was run on wooden
rails.
San Franciscan Who Was Run Down
by an Automobile Passes Away •
at Son's Residence.
GEORGE W. PARKER
DIES OF HIS INJURIES
WASHINGTON. May 7: — Postmae
ten* icmmlEsloned — California — Albert
W. Gale. Buney; Richard Smith. Sun
nytside. New offices — Archibald Me
"Arthur. McArthur. Shasta County.
War Department orders — Sergeant
• William Smith. Company M. Eighth
Infantry. Camp Skagway. Alaska. Is
transferred to the Third Infantry as
a private upon the arrival of that
regiment in Alaska; on the expiration
Vf <he delay granted him Sergeant
Samuel J. Koon. Hospital Corps, now
at Fort Thomas. Ky.. will be relieved
from duty at the army general hos
pital, ni the Presidio, San Francisco,
and report to the commanding officer
. at Fort Thomas; Private Otto Gerecke.
who deserted August 23. 1837. from
' Company A. Fifteenth Infantry, and
was apprehended while serving as a
rtcruit at Columbus Barracks, Ohio,
will be discharged without honor by
.reason of his desertion by the com
manding officer and ordered to the
barracks at Monterey. Cal.; Unassigned
Recruit John H. McDonald, now at
Betiicia Barracks. Cal.. is transferred
to the Signal Corps and will report to
• the commanding officer at that post
for duty.
DF IXTERKST TO PEOPLE
or thi: pacific coast
Seieral Minor Changes Arc Made in
• Jhr Postal Service and the Wnr
l>enartment Is>ues Order!?.
Shaw to-day drew and signed a war
rant for $40,000,000 in payment of the
purchase price of the Panama canal
from the French company. .It will.be
turned over to J. P. Morgan A. Co.
next Monday as disbursing agent of this
Government. -The consideration paid
to Morgan & Co. for this service is $1.
Morgan is for once handling- money
for glory. He volunteered to act as
disbursing agent without financial
consideration, but the law provides
that the service must be paid for.
The payment of $40,000,000 for the
canal is advertisement enough to
recompense the king of financiers for
his trouble and responsibility.
KIiij: of Financiers to Be Paid That
Sum for Disbursing the Panama
Canal Funds. -V.-
WASHINGTON, May 7. — Secretary
MORGAN TO RECEIVE $1
VOn SERVICES AS AGENT
Statement Issued for the Week Shows
Most Remarkable Records for
Ix>ans and Deposits.
NEW YORK, May 7.— The Financier
gays: The striking features of the state
ment of the New York Associated
Banks last week were still higher and
most remarkable records for loans and
deposits, also an unusually large reduc
tion In sumlus reserves. Loans were
expanded $21,393,200, reflecting, as In
previous .weeks, extensive corporation
and syndicate borrowing. The cash
holdings of these banks was reduced
¦by $6,0&3,S00. which reduction closely
corresponds with the average losses re
sulting from the movement of gold to
Europe during the fortnight, less the
average of the amount of the Japanese
gold which was transferred hither from
San Francisco last week. Deposits were
Increased by $17,345,000, which amount
is $2,035,600 greater than the sum of
Increase in loans, less the decrease in
cash; consequently the statement does
not balance. The required reserve was
augmented through the Increase In de
posits by $4,336,250. which sum added
to the loss of cash makes $10,420,050 as
the decrease in surplus reserve to $22.
724,200. Computed upon the basis, of de
posits, less those of $56,097,400 " public
funds, the surplus is 536.74S.550. . The
statement was made on declining aver
ages for cash, the withdrawal of $4,500,
000 gold for shipment to Paris ¦ on Sat=
urday counted in the return for only
one-sixth of the amount. - ¦
CASH HOLDINGS OF BANKS
~. IS REDUCED BY $6,083,800
'The feature of the financial markets
this week has been the abundance and
cheapness of money and the neglect",
verging sn stagnation, of the market
for securities. The effect has been so
discouraging to operators that even
the. professional traders have almost
abandoned their efforts.
The extreme ease which has develop
ed in the world's money markets since
the Panama payment first came up
for consideration has prevented any
disturbance. The placing of the' New
Ynrk City bond Issue, the largest single
block ever offered by the city, was
equally without disturbing effect on
the market. The issue price of these
bonds was low compared with the
older issues, but the advance in the
price over the preceding issue was re
garded as indicating a turn for the
better in the outlook for investment
demand. The placing of half of tht
$50,000,000 Japanese loan in New YorK
Is taken as evidence in the same di
rection, and the details of the Russian
loan in Taris define -another of the
uncertainties before the financial
world. Receipts of Japanese gold con
tinue to relieve the drain on gold ex
ports to Paris, and currency from the
Interior continues to accumulate in
New York banks. This evidence*of de
clining business activity is an im
portant factor in causing the halt lr
1 the securities market. Dissatisfaction
I with the iron and steel trade outlooli
! is an important influence on the preva
lence of dullness and hesitation of spec
ulations. Railroad earnings, both gross
and net. reflect the falling off In traf
fic from last year's level and the hlgfc
level at which operating expenses re
main. The strike of machinists on th«
Atchlson system had some slight ef
fect. The formal statement by E. H,
Harriman of his hopeful views of th«
business and industrial outlook In th€
"West and Southwest had a sustaining
result in the market. . , • >. .
The tone of the bond market has been
rather better than stocks. United
States 3s registered have declined }*,
the 3s coupon, the 2s and the old 4s M
and the new 4s % per cent, on call
during the week.
NEW YORK. May 7.— To-day's deal
ings revealed a conaitton of neglect in
the stock market fully equal to that
which prevailed before the' Northern
Securities decision was handed down
and that had been unequaled for many
years previously. Prices sank from
pure inanition and no regard was paid
to any news. 'The bank statement
itself was 'of only nominal effect, as th«
large changes shown in the- various
items were pretty accurately foreseen.
The depletion of $10,420,050 in the sur
plus reserve still leaves that item at
$22,724,200, compared with $10,029,625 on
this date last year, and $3,461,000 two
years ago.
Railroad Earnings, Botli Net
and Gross, Keflect the
• Falling Off in Traffic
BUSINESS IS DECLININa
Prices Continue to Sink
From Inanition and No lle
gardls Paid to Any News
STOCK MARKET
IS NEGLECTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY. /m"AY^ ; S, 1904.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS. .._-.-.-.- -,.-.^- -
Immense Bargains in Spring Goods !
General price cultiiiR has developed some phenomenal bargains.
We do this with a view to inakinR a big week. Every department is
represented. Mail orders will be handled promptly. Send for sam-
]t]t" See the Chronicle for announcement of Suit Sale. />"
BLACK DRESS GOODS. RIBBONS, GLOVES.
MAzar TImOou. main floor.
BLACK VOILE IITAM1XE— SATI. TAFFETA RIBBON—
All wool, silk finished, double All silk; ill pink, light blue,
width; also new colors, in- cream, white and black — 4 mch-
tJudiiiK black. Was 75c; C/)^ « wide. Was 30c yard, ig c
now OUL, now ..., *-^^
BLACK FRENCH UROAD CHENILLE HOT NET DRAPES
CI.OTll -Kxtra heavy twilled —All the latest shades, with
back: requires ho lining; pure graduated dots: i^S-yard
wo..!, wii'i panne satin QZ r length. Wcrc 50c each, OfyC
linish. Was $1.50. now...^«f^ now ** **
BLACK SII.K LUSTER AL- LACK COLLARS— Immense as-
l'ACA- Heavy iron frame sortment strictly new lace col-
v.c.T\c bright lustrous finish; 52 lars. Wctc 50c, now O£c
inchest wide; also navy, new
Muc'and gray. Was $1.00. rf\ LISLE MESH GLOVES— In
n>.v. ; . • >l/c^ black and white, plenty 'of;
BLACK J PANNE CHEVIOT— ' all sizes. Were 75c, rQ c
(food heavy quality: every now \ 9JUI*
thread woo\i width 5-' CQ C ORIENTAL LACES— All the
i:ul!c<. Was 85c. now.. *^-^** new nct top effects, from 5 to
All <1re-s so.-ds shrunk and 9 inches wide. Wcrc S^'-JYc
tprmjicd tree of oliar^e. Samples a j-ard. now ••
«., ,> notion~counter: •
SILKS— EXTRA VALUE- kaik n.oon. -
' rissr ri.oo». CHIFFON COLLARS-AU silk. ;
TUSSAH ™POXGi!e A N D ]^ h Jj° m IOC tO 25C 4c
m^^0^ SI^N.SrASS LlNINGlXn the
llw latter in 2\: specially adapted popuiar shades. Was ->oc 1 Q c
far waist suits. Was OQr a >' ar<1 - Now
5or:;now C DRESo SHIELDS — Washable
Bl \CK TATFETA— A stan- kind for summer shirt Q-
dird -T-inch biack taffeta that waists. Were 15c. now..
: ' ; $1 : 5 y^. . . "Z S9c HOUSEHOLD SPECIALS.
FANCY SILKS— For shirt waists third r&OOB.
and shirt waist suits; too many SHEETS _ S i zc .81x00 — High
patterns lo <lcscr.be. Former d matcriaK Wcrc -
,,ricc v 7SC and 65C now gfo « jc nQw 4OC
I'lllir HUCK TOWELS— Size 4SX18,
CLVrXT r(\(\T\k c " Ntra hcav >' quality, plain or,
rANCY (aUUUi. f ancy borders. Were 25c jQ r
ma ik noon. e?ch, now M^C
VF-LOUR CUSHION BAGS- LACE CURTAINS— Nottingham,
The latest Persian and floral in white; many different de-.
drsiKn*-«othmg to be rq c sips; 1 3 yards lonjr. C/ 7/|
worked Were 750. now Os<~ \\ ere $1.75 pair, now *Plo*U
ABVEBTISEMENTS. - ______——
H m^' A TASD will buy an excellent grade J '- ¦¦¦.¦iiMiMTiTifiBBiMiminiiiMi BSUfiSEliETTE CABPET, • » —i f*
N Iff^W koines In tlio prottiost of patterns— w4/0$^\$m J , f'- "V^- -r Comfs in two-tone red.s and *T^V |j
H m^r^* equal to any you have ever seeir-at'^^^ lllji '"I J til n ¦=^^ e^-' '~~C' V^^""==*-^ greens. Stair patterns to matcn- k|
E 30c or '35c a yard. Sold only in 20-yard rolls «T < U\ ' 1 WK^'r-jj*?" , fl. .-*j£-*r_~ M It is the prettiest as well as tho least ex- i|
fl and no ; mail or telephone orders accepted. tB^»«^ II 'v'! ||v ' t' ~~ Pensive carpeting to be had. There is more m
1 IS!«50 Mimma mm A TJIIS MASSIVE ' Rt)UND HaSwt KEraiOEBA- gX>^, r *— pm I
M \)/Jitw^ GS % r1 t* irm PYTFN1TON TABLE Ton i* TOB. That s our way — low %^^ M *^ ¦
1 UiC* BED SETS, Made for metal or wooden / h*3 I f, inches across Lets a! 4 £!^, When thlnSS are Sea * i O i f> I
i beds. Pretty wreath patterns on shams and R| Q -. JHji inches across. are 4 sonable ,,,,,, , „ W
i spreads. Made of a durable, washable Not- fc*# • •Ita^ %^ inches in diameter. Golden' oak Made of hardwood. wpII tinishod. perfectly in- 9
tingham net. * '. finish sulated and guaranteed in every respect. B
I A WEEK BUYS A RICHMOND "'our" model cot- C^g^|B^^ "
# ' fiU cvcry P roi " ise rt wc Jfif . f a ° r r , ' xt > " SjJ'itu^^m^fhS tf»4 B On SPLENDID ENAMELED BED. %
every penny of money back. bedVoom? Round UL Yoa rarely see a prettier design and i
Richmond ranges are | o .ik extension table. |« H LA. f^«^Bvou never see one constructed -i whit K
ii1T>bm, made for California con- Sterling:. built-to- %1MM JL9\J\^£- ftli . r x-t-^.^, n ;T. 5n H fvf,m n « fl
Hitinnc The firfhov is last upholstery. • uciicr. iic<i\y Mils anu laaienings, fl
4^ I. -kP=- \^\ a«i"»5>- .- 1 "; J -;j, / The co ttage is v« massive brass rods in center of head Ej
"*• "-¦ L^^* small ana nttea witn a r pre tty enough to and foot boards. Comes in every pretty color combina- I
I ittP&^fr&m-^ grate made .expressly tor merit a visit wheth- tion; delicate shades of green, or" blue, jet black and gold, B
P^M A 1 Richmond will re- Ahinsor not ' garnet and gold. |
tplo«50 wsi» i aar® p s»BiraB? JR19 P
MISSION BOOKCAS£-Made of Jg v£CI^ A S W»J& A <P 1 9 €P \J §
quarter-sawed oak, weathered fin- . » . . ¦ . ¦ QTTAX2TT TABLE Made of th* I
1 n? h - , B ? ok s ?elyes on all sides. WjriBk^fcdfe A A W fl^Q^fflRH A8^B9iF)l&H TTB" richest quarter-sawed oak. finished I
Top Is just the height of a read- IH^IEB BJIII KB HST Hi vrrVd9l£ "Antwerp." like weathered oak. B
ing table. HBB%^» iaHmTiai 1 ti MenlBRCTen but highly polished. H
I.ilSo e S y bSKa e eSL Bnd US UtlHty AW*3^ WUlfWIll A JW: AUISTER ,^o ?o l» t « g^aero;.^ handyi
ADVK&TISEXESm. ; V
III ¦ BZr mP J™ff *S^^8^ jf%ff"f" JyJS2
II fix *^i!?£?'fi ootl p ess *
1 Milwaukee's Banner Brev |
¦l^SSo It isn't talk that counts, it's quality— Qual- g 8
>^^^> ity that stands pat at all times, for honest ' ||
y^^{ criticism. The unprecedented popularity of B
jpA Blatz Wiener is due to its pronounced in- h
Ka \<k dividuality— that indescribable, honest fla- fi
W I? vor that always means "Blatz"— that de- -B
\\ igL Hghtful Blatz Wiener "smack" that £oes •• B
. A straight to the spot. Drink it for beef char- ||
I *^u\ actcr; sake drink it. . Ask" for H
I "^^N^a ** downtown and send a ca.se home. V
I Yv^V^w ALWAYS THE SAME fi
A COOD OLD 9
BLATZ MALT-VIVINE I
MS (NON-IKTOX.) TONIC 1
DRUGGISTS OR DIRECT. 6
VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee. I
**m oiou a uu. .mrnttKi. M-Kstisest, g
v : ; '/*:'-. AD VESTISEMENTS.
if r-gr-%, i<ni A Million American Beauties g
9 :^H»^^^ keep their blood pure, their corn- f]
1! P Ieadoa soft &ad «!ear, thoir fj
0 ; wB»!2§i?7 breath street and their whola ||
u AeF* '-'*--* «~'^'^48sS^ bodies active and healthy with fl
11 CTjfejJu^? feS^i^^^^^^^ak OASCARETS Candy Cathartic. |j
£1 flg^Tjb.^'-if't f'*^'-^ t 'Hw|^WHMW8> ThequickeffectaofCASCARETS t]
H *^^%^ffl "^"alSr^S j^^lP^ryt "^ B y stem cleaners and. blood n
H ®l^£sfcT" P uriflera I their proraptaess in H
M «^r J * iver 8 P°t3i blackheads, and in ||
P Sil /fe^i*^ r^^i^-iisiF 8"weetenincr . a tainted breath, E
H |m ?vW«9tf have become kno"w-n through tho «
N •,*«& *f®h^»JWM^Hf*i5fil kind "words of ladies -who have U
H tried them. Hence the sale of H
S ht» over a million boxes a U
8 BwH&t. MONTH. The quicksst, surest cj
H Kg $£$£fi§25£FS^-^V way *° beauty is to cleanse tho a
S • J$i&mSsBBg^*~'^ blood, for Beauty's Blood Deep. *l
y - " The first rule for purifying the K
3 X iZmWlZf, FpiSkw blood i3 to keep the bowel3 free, S
rj n&&iirjr gently but positively with CAS- Kj
|j f "They mako me 60c. Never sold in bulk. The tren- H
ft ' / feet »o gx>od." nine tabiet stamped G C O. Sam- 9
S " / . pie and booklet free. Address N
2 / 6TERUNO REMEDY COMPANY. Chicago or New York. |]
| DY CATKAR7I C
I A>y&IUAL SALE-TESy'RISLLlOK SOXES 1
K Greatest In the World « I]There are 800 Chinese students in
the colleges of Japan and 5000 more
are to be sent.
PHILADELPHIA, May 7.—Penn
sjivanla 6. Princeton 3..
College Baseball.
CAMBRIDGE, May 7.— Harvard 6,
Williams 2. h •
PROVIDENCE, May 7. — Yale- 10,
Brown 1.
ITHICA. May 7. — Columbia 7, Cor
nell 0. . v >.
A. B. H&ynes
h. Durkee 3rd baa* P. L. Clark
E. F. Cirllste
W. Sloan....... Right field. E. H. MoCandllsh
R. White C. H. Eaton
li. Stenhouse Jr. Center field.. T. E. Johnston
K. McFadden...
B. P. Gleason... Left field B, B. El»ter
Chas. 1^. Otto.. < . '.
opening remarks, after which the time
was devoted to music. - •
Yesterday's game was umpired by
Phil Knell. The line-up folllowe: ¦.
' Accident. '"Position." : " Life.
W. Moare Pitcher C: P. Kennedy
H. Friman Catcher. ...... .A. Braunagel
P. H. Elates... 1st base .O. P. Lowell
W. Dusgran 2d baae..G. H. Irvlnr. Ca.pt.
• " . - B. I*. Hackett
B. PfafleW, Capt Shortstop..... \V. V. Keorns
In the everlasting battle between
guns and armor, the latter seems to
have won a new victory, for M. Char
py, manager of the Montluchon fac
tory of the Chatillon Iron "Works In
France, announces that he has discov
ered a method of hardening steel so
that Dlates of three and four Inches
thickness are eaual in their power of
resistance to plates twice as thick. The
application of such armor to a vessel
would reduce its weight from 30 to 36
per cent. The French Government, af
ter the most exhaustive tests, confirms
the inventor's assertion. — New York
Globe. %
A Gain for Armor.
driver. Lord Blank had only Just tima
to take hl3 seat when the train started,
and cabby, who had also entered the
express, was whirled away to Calais
town. En route ha was paid by the
nobleman, who also defrayed the Jehu's
journey to the north and back. Oh re
turning to Paris, cabby found that his
horse and vehicle were Impounded—
London Daily Telegraph.
A story Is told to-day of a Paris
cabman, who, it Is alleged, followed an
authentic English lord in the train to
Calais, leaving his horse and cab out-
Bide the Gare du Nord terminus. - The
lord took the cab at his hotel and told
the driver to go as quickly as possible
to the station for the Calais express.
At the terminus the nobleman tendered
the cabman a lOOf note, whicn the jehu
could not change. "Wait a bit." said
his lordship, "I'll pay you at the ticket
office." Cabby went with the nobleman
into the station, but when the ticket
was taken the lord, hearing the words,
"Express Calais, en volture!" rushed
wildly to his carriage, followed by the
TI»e Villain Still Pnrsaed Him.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. Y., May 7.—
Four new Vassar athletic records were
made . to-day in the annual field day
games. In the fifty-yard dash Fanny
James of Kansas City placed the mark
at:6 1-5 seconds and lowered the 100
yard dash, record to 13 seconds. Helen
C. Babson of Gloucester, Mass.," in the
running high jump, made a new rec
ord of 4. feet 2 1/<' inches, while "Alice
U. Beldlng of Poughkeepsle increased
the ' baseball throw .distance to 195
feet 3 inches. 1 Miss E. Gardiner of
Chfcajro "won the 120-yard hurdle' In
20 2-5 seconds; MIbs E.. Goodrich, of j
Santa. Barbara. Cal.. was third. i
Prove They Can Throw a Baseball,
Are Clever In High Jump and
Over Hurdles.
ATHLETIC VASSAR GIRLS
ESTABLISH NEW RECORD
Send Out .an Unusual Length of Line
in the Distance Event at
Stow Lnke.
The members of the San Francisco
Flycasting Club completed the first
half of their season's contests yester
day at Stow Lake. J. B. KennifC and
T. W. Brotherton were in* rare form in
the distance event. The former scored
125 feet twice, while the latter sent out
120 feet of line. Some excellent work
was also done in the other classes.
The official results follow:
• O > Delicacy. p
3 o3 %* 3£ r >
S ?3 *§ ? 2 51 28
CONTESTANTS £ r" Q% Q% . gS Sf
W. B. Brook*.. 100 $0,890 ~iJTi 8>.2 ...7
W. E. Brooks.. 109 «2 89 85.1 87.6....
W. E. Brookf.. 103 f - - ....
G. C. Bdwards.. 98 88.8 90 8S.4 92.2
T. W. Brotherton 120 87.1
T. TV. Brotherton 98 97.0
T. "W. Brotherton 103 97
J. B. Kenlff 123 35.8 92 87.0 89.9 97.7
B. Keniff 123 ...97.T
J. B. Keniff 9$
K. 11. Retd S4 S6.4 fc0.2 S7.9 ....
Dr. F. J. L*ne ». 90 88- 81.8 84.1 ....
W. 1>. Manpfleld" ..... 91.8 96 91.8 93.1
W. D. Mansf>eld .....91.6 62.8 »1.8 92.2 94.7
W. r>. Man«fleld 1 07.8
W. D. Mansfield | 97.6
KJEJXNIFF AND BROTHERTOX
EXCEL IN FLYCAST1NG
INSURANCE CLERKS PLAY
REMARKABLE BALL GAME
After Nine JnnIn£S'\of Hard, Exercise
rthe Score? Stands Twenty-Xine j!
to Nineteen.
The office clerks of the Pacific
Mutual Insurance Company, organized
into two baseball teams, one composed
of the clerks in the accident depart
ment and the, otiW of the clerks In
the life department, played a remark
able game at the Presidio Athletic
Grounds yesterday afternoon.
From the outset the life clerks took
the lead, scoring eleven runs in the
first inning. The accident clerks made
a spurt In the middle of the game that
made things exciting, but were finally
defeated by the unique score of 29
to 19. * --: :¦ -:X
The big grand stand was crowded
with pretty girls and their escorts, all
of whom engaged themselves in blow
ing unmelodious horns and waving
fiag3 and ribbons.
In the evening the teams gathered
at a banquet. Executive officers and
managers of the company made the
"We are too apt to look beyond our
local community and we lack in local
public spirit. If we take on the same
public spirit as Chicago, or nearer
home, Los Angeles, we would develop
a greater amount of local enthusiasm
and might even rival Chicago herself.
"We have the talent, and some good
buildings to show for it, and I doubt
not that the suggestions which we
offer Mr. Bumham in the future will,
with his wise direction, lead to the
same results as the World's Fair in
Chicago, where, as Mr. Bumham says,
he had to have captains and lieuten
ants to carry out the general schemes
laid in conference by the ac
tion of them all."
Mr. Deane next read a letter from
the Association for the Improvement
and Adornment of San Francisco in
viting the architects present to attend
a meeting at 8130 o'clock In the maple
room of the Palace Hotel. ! Mr. Welsh
moved lhat a vote of thanks to Mr.
Burnham be tendered, which was
done by a rising vote.
Among those present were Messrs.
Kollofrath. William Mooser Jr.,
Thomas Welsh, Seth Babson, Fred
erick Bosse.'S. Schnaittacher, William
Wharff. Charles McDougall, Mr. Bolles,
X.lonel Deane. Henry A. Schulze, W. B.
Faville, John Galen Howard, William
Knowles, Smith O'Brien, Willis Polk,
Ed Vogel, N. J. Tharp, E. Coxhead and
Mr. Dicky of .Honolulu.
iiACK in iiOCAf. srmrr.
comment with that of any other town
in the world.
Henry. A- Schulze took up the sub
ject as follow:
, "Mr. President, gentlemen— I know
It is a pleasure to you all to have
listened to the words of Mr. Burn
ham of Chicago. Mr. Bumham in his
discourse at the dinner Wednesday
evening spoke about the-work done at
the World's Fair and suggested that
this scheme could 'and should be car
ried on in the same manner, and he
suggested that he would like to meet
the architects of this .city. and discuss
the matter with them. We are among
ourselves and can speak freely with
out being: misunderstood. We remem
ber, in the past,. when several schemes
have been advocated by the chapter
for the Improvement of the town. . One
in particular advocated by a member,
who I am sorry to say is not present
this morning, was for the parking of
certain portions of Market street
around the City Hall, new Postofflce.
etc.. a continuation of the panhandle
to Market street and several minor
features. Other schemes involved the
beautifying of the foot of Market
street: other schemes taking ""advan
tage of our natural hilltops:, all pos
sibly before the right , time. . At ..the
recent , dinner there was a remark
made by a person," .whofshalhbe name
lesF, arraigning: the local profession
and calling the attention to our archi
tecture. It is true it is no better than
it shouldbe. but the, same -may be said
of every city in the United States. We
nre no greater- sinners than our pro
feSElonal'brethren In other portlon3 ? of
the world. The beauties of some of
the older edifices in the town and in
the Latin quarter will stand favorable
MR. SCHUIiZE RESPONDS.
"There is much in . our problem that
is obscure and vague, and any plans
which we make must adjust themselves
to conditions. But the people will re
ceive a great deal of pleasure from
them twenty-five or thirty years from
now. No man must work for personal
gain, but subserve himself to the good
of the whole. ..• . t
"Small parks ought to be taken Into
consideration. Chicago has recently
bought sites for seventeen public parks,
varying in size from twenty to thirty
acres to three or four. Municipal play
grounds for the young should be con
sidered, and some of these have swim
ming tanks, part of these covered and
part open to the air.
"A community is like a client— unless
we possess his confidence we can ac
complish no results. Immediate details
will come after. The man who under
takes this work must be sincere, self
abdicating and earnest.
"The lakes back of the water works
taken in hand can afford many rest
spots. With seat?, walks and shrub
bery they will form an important addi
tion to your • city parkage. I do not
believe the idea of beauty will ever die
away fostered under -these conditions.
In no place on earth save here can be re
peated with; such success the French
and Italian love for beautiful gardens.
I have been generalizing, but I know I
have been talking with sympathetic
people. It is well occasionally to pro
claim your creed. I take it that every
one will help to push along this move
ment"
CONDITIONS MUST GUIDE.
"These fragile plans, which I have
outlined in the most brief manner, are
but the inspiration of a moment and
subject, after consideration and advice
with the local members of the profes
sion, to great and serious changes. No
plan which may be devised but will
meet with opposition— and serious and
thinking opposition. These Ideas will
be worked out long alter we are all
gone." •
to and fro, thus rendering a new and
novel pleasure resort for the people
in addition to the sylvan glades already
projected. Sophocles' greatest pleasure
was going down to the port of Athens
nnd watching the white wings that
fioated by on the great highway of
nations. Here, on a like boulevard,,
might be placed benches or seats,
where men, women and children might
eit and gaze upon the wide expanse of
waters. ' • •
'• Architect D. H. Bumham of Chicago,
\.1j<> has been ia the city several days.
, jesterday addressed the ineetingr of the
ij&ji Francisco Chapter of American
;:ii tit ute of Architects at the chapter's
• ioonis in the Phelan building on the
of beautifying San Francisco.
t'c-.e f»entv of the members were
present and listened to the remarks of
•fne speaker sfter he was introduced
by Ifre;;idcnt Seth Babson. Mr. Burn
!;j.::i ttcUed that he had been invited
• by ihe citizens' committee of San Fran
d8co to make plans for beautifjing the
•*.:ty, and then continued:
; "I do not &.now whether I can do it,
but T will do w hat I can. It is absorb
ing work I see before me, and in com
j. arisen with what has been done in
•ther places takes me back to the work ¦
1 md £t the World's Fair in Chicago. |
\\hat we set in motion will not bios- i
torn at- once, as was shown in Chicago
.aad several parts of the country, but
the spirit of the thing is the most im
" .'f-crtant thing: of all. and I will welcome i
•.all the heJp you can give me. j
'.•."When a man starts to- criticize he '
Tnurs- all. As near as I can state, that
* vhlctf a man is helped by Is not hold
'ips- the other back, but by uniform en- :
. dr*av,ors. 1 remember very well hear
-jrig one man selfishly remark that to be !
" £ jjccessful 'every man for himself was
Ktt," but I know no one can work by
l.imself. More than one man in this
fonannnlty is necessary for general re
sults.
. * • ."Education gradually will broaden
tlie people, leading them to develop
ment. 1 knew nothing better^han to get
H number of you fellows who are here,
,smd wil!ir:g to take the same view.
•There is a tendency to purity. Some
yay that money used in taxes will be
used.lo advantage to make the streets
txAvtitvL As to the change — parks.
j hE\U[lng% and roads should be planned.
. • Take your own city conditions.
MUea of wooden "houses built as cheap
• •>¦ as possible. It is not Baying any-
I; -t-h'in^ against San Francisco to say
that it is very ugly. This is the condi
tion- even in Europe. You can frame
j?o ordinance of the city or State to
uar away there houses as long as they
belong to individuals. Unless we have
a commune some day they can but re
main.
. ' BEAUTIFY STRUCTCRES.
"Syiipose ihe owners of these houses :
v. ere willing— t'aat they had the means ;
"then fomeihing might be accom*
j-Jishfd: but they have not the money
' to do it with. But, of course, large
property owners can afford to do so.
• Gradually, of course. It win be done, j
In pent tiili ration to commerce, it will j
• be done. Houses more beautiful and j
'better will be erected. -> !
"Ther« is not much hope of altering!
the downtown portion of the city, but t
£ in' your own locality you do what j
?ou tan you may afterward
Co something in the old parts of the
town. So I should say. urge the study
of b"eauty of environment upon the
c^en. and improve rather than ruthless-'
ly destroy the houses. Plant shrubs,
ijowers. etc.
*""I would pugtjest covering the mean
• fences and concealing the ugly outlines ,
of the Iioufpf. and very delightful ap- |
<-earar.ces will result. I think almost '
'<¦ very individual has a love for the!
•j^eaut.ifMl. If any cne of the architects !
here planted a block and put any sug-
Sf-sUons of beauty even on a narrow
fetreet people would go out of tb«;ir way
to turn in on that block. These mat
t<rs are. cf course, slight and changt
. ;;b1e. I do not know that you can
change your architecture, not until the
present peojile have passed away or
vnutil fire comes. It is worthy your
, br*t and careful consideration, and you
rr.ust have your boulevards and means
<>f travel so that you can car.ry people
cheaply around the city. Mr. Me
• 1-aren has shown what can be done.
He har made over woods and dales
'rom a sand heap. Your park is a
w onder.
- USE BROAD PLAN'S.
"Any Fcheme that you have set will
Lave to be a broad one. Things must
fiVst be studied in the mass and no at
tention paid to detail. This will come
la<er. One beautiful route would be
starting around the bay and having a
boulevard to the Presidio. The great
'.est improvement that I saw at the Pre
. f ! .<i!o was the forest planted by Gen
eral Brooke, which covered the hills
• like a carpet of moss, with all the
varied colors of the palette. This boule
vard need net be at the same height,
• hut like that at the port of Washing
- ton. which covers the low parts with
..••rches of concrete, the lower portion
used as warehouses, thus eub-
Ferrir.g two ends— utility and beauty.
A great rliarm therefrom will be the
watching of the shipping as it passes
•'Mf(j< Advice to San Fran
. : i:i>-<:{) Chapter of Anieri
' '.can Institute of Architects
ADDKESS
* Olivers: ax
;>nys.T]int With Pr<A^r Ap
".].. iilit-iiti'.Jii the City Can
... I^iiv !?c Made Beautiful
0 .«. . ¦¦
BURNHAM TELLS
OF HIS PLANS
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALL. , SUNDAY. MA Y :«01!|oi
29
IT IS THE OPPORTUNITY
WE MAKE THAT MAKES US.
Take the time and opportun-
ity to read our EDUCATIONAL
column— Then write for cata-
logues.
GBAPE-HUTS.
IX AN OLD TUUXK.
ISaby Finds « Bottle of Carbolic Acid
and Drinks It.
Vv'hiie the mother was unpacking: an
old trunk a little 18 months old baby
pnt hold of a bottle of carbolic acid
•>vhl!e playing on the floor and his
nbmaeh was eo badly burned it was
feared he would not live for he could
. nm eat ordinary foods. The mother
'raja in telling of the case:
"It wa.s all \wo doctors could do to
s-ave him an it burnt hfs throat and
stomach eo bad that for two months
•.fifter he toc-k the poison nothing M'ould
lay on his stomach. Finally I took him
Irto the country and tried new milk
. ?nd thst Tvag no better for him. His"
rrandma finally suggested Grape-Nuts
«ir,d 1 am thankful I adopted the food
frrr he commenced to get better right
aVey and would not oat anything else.
He commenced to set fleshy and- his
cheeks like red roses and now . he is
entirely well.
"I. U'ok him to liatamoras on a visit
uml every place we went to stay to eat
lie called for Grape-I^uts and I would i
hjire to pxnlain hov.- he came to call for
il «•< it w:e his main food.
""The n;imFs of the physicians who at-
t*r.<5td ihe baby ere Dr. Eddy of this
torn and Dr. Geo. Gale of Newport, O.,
nr.d anyone can write to me or to them i
"faV.d learn what Grape-Nutp. food will
d«.- for children and too~"
Name given by Postum Co., Battle'
Creek, Mich.
Look in each pkg. for the famous
little book, "The Road to WellvMe."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our Methods f f
You will realize then why ochhtz beer is pure. ijlL
*You wash a cooking utensil once. - We wash "a bottle four' v^
iimeSj oy macnirierj j ueiore wcnii it. r N
You use city water. We bore down 1400 feet to rock for ours. CM
You prepare food in the air of the room. We cool Schlitz M
beer in plate-glass rooms and filter all the air that touches it JgL
tThen we filter the beer by machinery — filter it through 93m
Yet your methods are cleanly. Ours are cleanliness carried
Then — for fear of -a touch of impurity — -we sterilize every Gtl
bottle after it is sealed/ We double the necessary cost IT
of our brewing to give you a healthful beverage pure. I
Do you wonder that we sell over a million barrels annually? § ,
Ask for the brewery bottling, I
¦ Los Angeles -SHERWOOD & SHER WOOD-San Francisco \K^
The fleer That fttade Milwaukee Famous. SSii)
JOE HOSENBERG r S. j JOE ROSENBERG'S. ' j '* JOE ROSENBERG'S. j JOB ROSENBEBCKS. ' | "" ' JQ" ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSEUBZRG'S.
s© it wiui* «AvVdrt^?]yrb ; '-iS'EE thb PRI€E CUTTER earvt this week . |ifeSs»Hi
Xi^ V&f|T^>fsSg/ 1 , •'.' inches wide, with a hand-made silk
,.'-'.''. : •" A 'dl TTJE IVJtWT one thousand women that have not been in our store to learn 1 "
: :: :;V :::: . v Vvl the price Cutter's way of selling. Welcnow they will keep on coming
•••;**.*•"••- : * • • : '.<• > •'.'.-. — & \ ''JL'-'-Ul', if good quality and low price counts— and that s what you II find here. .5 in*** wide corded f d 5 e .m.1 su««
• ';.••* •••,*. . *.?•.• m ul^CD'r '• Vw :• * • v\j'i eV 1 i — — ' finish: washable: in pink. bliu\ cardt-
". ;." • ,•.•:.*•»,>.•..•* •jV«'*.".!«f < *^c»S?>io'. ; •*¦:-''•¦ ''.•'¦¦ v'vVt* Xhi. /CttSSL. ¦--¦'¦'. .-.. ¦..'.•:.¦ . . : ¦ nal, navy, black ami white. Our prior*
' ; : :^^^^!^^^^^^'W^ HiP^ .Paris Fashion vj Yov Can't Imagine \ WhyNot Trim Yovr Own Hats? ish«
• -\ ''-*•' •l*V£&'3rip'. »5^» '•tI^KJB>© B»y« That 1.ACES Will Be in Greater What a Good COSSET TMs Is Till Ver y simple when you What Ahmif 7\ NpW Hclt
'.'•: :^'><'l?K&V\y* / »W# : '"iP^ - Cemand Thau Ever for Waist You See It. j^J^gg) have one of these chiffon WMl ADOUl a ««W JCU
* :: '>?<\iv'W / / * •/ * iWM^'A -:¦• - ¦•-.•¦ cr Dress Trimminjr. - ' . It's the new "\V. B. ¦ Sfmffl&tFi dra P es or face P rotect - r or your «mnmer dress?
1 '•"'•'i*» SU 7 # / f A /;//? t V \wJM- X ' A "';.•,-•¦;¦¦.'• Here are some at Hip Price Cutter's <2 KT7Z" ERECT - FORM COR- J PM ~J; iWJ ors; fully three yards Here ar* some for the up-to-dat*
pk'fHHI^pS I i^^^KsSriS:- ',7.7 Here Is Soms Chic NccKwear
fw, mm^^Si^# Su;r^^^ 3^^to^ P^.:?? Dont Overlook These Em- PRI J«- oS « o S VVI>
ffl ii ' Hlk Sy> ¥ yard ne etch A n f; - On } y t0 be had^ the broideries. TA™iudToi point V!.'m '" i" c » m
%k\ I fflm f 1SB^\ f . \ - CI.UNIK INSERTION— Full two Price Cutter's for 81. OO V ou Will Mios Some Good Offering if vines and flower designs. At the Price
I I ®V- t \ZLMh J"*^/) inches .-wide; in Arabian or white. «'« enm PrMint.,1 ts^ w.win w«. YonD o VH '""*" " Cutter's 10c
1 t \\ W * ¦ Y~W f^Jf ¦ Many different patterns to choose from «¦ Boea f "dieted That We WU1 Hare Tou Do. EVETTA (tho new 'stock collir)—
f Pi H fi _J iVa=-^V L^ // A vard !»<• a Good Old-rashioned Summer Made of fine lawn, 9 inches wide: »il^f* X J. A nn ,„"?«,". * 3?- 1? ? k
1 I In J t^^t l^JV •••¦a yttra at ¦—_._.¦ m .j - all button-holp *>dec- in rine dot and Made ¦ or openwork fagotinpr and tab
M """ T J£*U>~ J^ '\ - Th^rSSlENT^ H L ° A^ S , -hy n°ot SUmI S^JffliS? SSSS.^.SWl'S «* c«ec. Our price. .»7c
I | Ml WsM S ®^^ '-f f^Slf^fil^Tl S5- < 2 B BE n i°o w w S e cc ? yo^ n o b v u e? Do Tou c^^ p . JXr5S, cr ~ The Warm Weather Is Here,
! NiJf 1 1m m rr, t Ayard r V>V& Jiips and abdomen; medium and low Here are 5000 yards of TORCHON' - So why not buy your .urn-
Sfffi ' h fi b!\l 0^ IV e Care more for "\' r 'yA^Y^"i-r^"\" \ , ; , i ? us i tlo^ bl<J *Mf steels; straight LACE, made of Enxllsh thread, from €» mer underwear now while
Oggafc, ii I ft l\ *Lj£< »*"•'*> " lull/ / . ALLOVER NET— In Oriental and front: garter attachments. You could one-half to two inches wide; a great W onr assortaioct is ccmplate?
2*gsi' I , sLflf/pSSa8\ f>\'trn hllSinPSS than repousse denlgjis; flower, dotted an.l not wish for a better Corset than this, variety of patterns to choose from. <£_N We could not buy these again
K|§8. I ' %i? Jg V-&J eJLira. VUZineSZ Ultlll wlu . at patterns; full IS inches wide. At the Price Cutter's for 50c While on display A yard «C /-fcFfi at such low prices as you
iBJ IWlWlJ eXtrU Pr f L °" r Hcrc^aTalcAbovrLadlc's" A *3S3£S2£SS2L'~ To Those Who Perspire SRU SKU^ 1 " ™>" a " "'
I ]^y prices will prove it. ncre *"™{ JuSLt*"- r lS'«JrtJSft '*" ** "¥* D^' e - ¦"" u * *1/ iSSfflSMffBiaM
_. . wv xotis win i»o » ioxij auu Dxea.Baja.b improver anu wearintr. Just recelven UrU r>np o wt * xtt-* 7^T>caa \^ «..i..-.~.i _.i»i 1 _ l a .ji__
We VSm^£ B co ThinWomeil. "mem^c, some new forms. PrloV.«3.5O. to 85 T! ' S?lgfl£3w Shfeld SSta" Si'^boV'Jun^rnSS 1 %
"° nBpeei some oi our t Here is somethinsr to elre you • per- It s the last week of thte Corsets Fitted Pree ty Experts. /fcr&L. be worn Inside the corset and *k swlss ribbed: in white only.
Wrannpr^ ' ' feet bust form. - - £>iJ5 e e drummer's T^ iJi\ 8leev o ror protection: abso- Price —."><•
«T&upp«,u t . . B , uri v.c nTtjTTJ'vri fVHe sample, line. It's the' rk»««-»»»»l»4»«» " * -^ \nffi lutely odorless, free from all T^ADIF 15 ?' PANTS The new oatent
And We Arc Positive That They Will ER^Made "of smmSS *W f"^ a f '^t trunk of Remember. VM^ poison and will not hurt the kina^e? ae y kni? .umbrella" ihap^S
Buy at the Low Price We Are (%§ ana feTther DoningT It is cut J^. U 2 e f^£ le "^ ade - On SZ% When it comes to LADIES* (k% most delicate skin. It fits Torchon lace trimmed: French band.
Sellia* Them Tor. )X so as to fit snugly over the ff J/\ cambrics, nainsook, etc.. &f SHIRT WAISTS we are sec- w Vm snugly under the arms. wlth buttons on the side, also drawing
Made of XX American percale, with &£\ ' cor«et and chest. M V koldmta ,!i t,,*!' J&L ond to none for style and tmtmr0 . *% O $*SF 22& i r °ili : "SjRS?^ strings: easily washed; no iron or
pointed ruffle over the shoulders and G?%\ You cannot help appreciat- ('tfiV/Y: »l* «imnles?nn^Vw« »utl' /<\S^ QU*"ty. Here is one of the a " d , 1 i n *i w j 1 i? *t?2£l which is at arch needed. Our price 2.">c
around the yoke; deep Houncc and wide \ktf)) Jn^ the merit of them when iS'"/// th?v ebme in «Wrti' /2ttTO 5? an X J eW u? tyI f s ' Made of odorless and washable. Price.. 5Oc LADIES* CORSET COVERS— Jersey
Bishop sleeve: collar, yoke, sleeves and v3$/ you see them. Man tailors r^&y.jA/ Jn£ ns W??r%^t L.™ ..J Mtlllflll white lawn; tucked You Are Cordially Invited to Inspect knit. h!*h neck and Ions sleeves, sum-
flounce finished with a fancy band.- B>^ and dressmakers recommend co\?rj and Vv_^ifiR front and back, also hem- . Them. m er weiRht; m^de of French thread:
trimming to match material: fitted lin- them when they fit over them. ,' j ¦ '\\ „-",„!.¦ *fs3V . stitched turnover collar. -^l the shaped kind which tita snugly to
ing. In red. navy and gray. We will Price 25c 1 - v ) GOWKS— •, sSlf Judffe not the quality by the Warm Weather Cnmfnrt^ the waist and buttons down the front.
let you be the Judge, but are positive. Only to Be Had Here. 11 \ J 50c quality, now. . .a^c ' price...... .....50c TTOTUl VVCaiUCT VrUlUiUrii. prlce 2; - c
you will not be disappointed Our " /f^t\ 5100 quality, now. .65c On Sale OTarrell-rtreet Entxaaco. Vt*Z "2^®°",? 2£~I^S«J ™°tJ£* LADIES* VESTS— Mads of pure
P rlce Sl.OO when you aro i ookmff for rood wear- S2CI21T3— . jn e o f the se new pompadour corabs: Vega sllk> swl53 rlbbcd . nUh nec}c \ nA
On Sale OTarrell-St. i* z » d flttimr ?^ s 7 100 l Sal&r I1OW -^ c Here's for aBllSV DayMondaV. &?^^^Si<2*\hl™i££ l ° DS SleeVe8: In plnk - blue n %T€&
' Just Received. cH EM xs Er $1 - 00 QUamy - now "^ c O w *«o» ™. LJ on F»h^ r^^e^^e^^!.!^^ a *^n?\;^^^ l ] k4t
= S^5, Hg^H :|1 .affiKor-V UiM Economical women I^SefSS^l^
and you will be pleased with the good " KAYS EH 8 LADIES' GLOVES— CORSET COVERS— cale. in \ stripes and dots; T» D-..I TM» " Price Cutter's ,%Oc
wear thev will cive ' Made of "M.vie lisle, two patent clasps, 15c quality, now O«> trimmed with a deep accord- fipi IvC21Q LfllS. t inTrc nr> -\ t-RT-sr a ttdv qt'tt
pIbct^ t nfw horp -m,*. «f three r'.-P of stitching on the back; 35c quality now .....25§ ipn-pleated Hounce and fin- M ».,. a™ fl fl ». small JthIim tt 8»>U aildi of Itafl2^^lik^T5w nefk fnd
FIRST: LADIHS HOSE — Maae of «_ _, n^ • «rmv Vi!ar>ir anH XL-hit*-- kiri in "n „ "5; ished irith small dust ruflla* ' ff^ii Jxere Are Some Small Articles at Hm.au juaae or Italian siik, ioxv necK ana
French gaure lisle, hiph luster and S ?„? no ?l^in trtcS YSir "sc »*AWEBS— washable: JiSt the "kirttop vtAV prtcM - no sleeves and ankle length: neck and
fost black: double heels and soles. fl V/niES' GLOVES-Th« Tnew o^ 35c quality, now 2 5c summer^ wear Price...3O« \ SKELETON FRAMES OR FOUN- "E^k . fl ?* l *ft r w ", h vJ^ adlr 4g.,A nd
Prlcc A P aIr 25c wnd; fanly embro°d1?y 50c (iuallt^ now 35c LADIES' PETTICOATS^ DATION COLLARS-Made on feather- s"k braid, in pink and blue. Price
LADIES' HOSE— Made of double back: one large pearl clasp; in gray. t * r» • j Mnde of fast black mercer- *S&j$p bone and covered in chiffon. Sale "•••" • • • * * Ur'AU^y* ' *f »V« " n f ;„
Maco thread, double heels and toes; m< , d e, black and white; fitted. Our JUSt ReCCIVCd. ized sateen, trimmed with a '¦W price 5c OTILDS TIGHTS—Made of fast
ribbed tops; made expressly for large price.... ?...?'.... 5Oe Anothw lot rf a u nik Jr««* ->i<» • twelve-inch flounce and three feather- STEEL BEADS — Bright luster: Mack velvet finished j cotton: Jersey
tj. women. Price .. .;::je - Another lot of aU-»iUc Prenci chiffon. Pitched ruffles, also dust ruffle, and large bunches. The" kind that is used knlt - " kl . e le^J h and J- igh J ftttm S
Gqg> CHILD'S HOSE (The T arTrr« Full 42 inches wide, high luster: the finished with four- tailor-stitched for fancy work or neckwear. m?f ' 1^?., li!f-» -pSi« w X^T
— Jj» J - FnrBiui Tnone bet- ) .v Laa^CS. kind that Is used for jjufls and dress bands. Liberally made. Expert ahop- A bunch 10c ""le ones wear these.- Price ... .UoC
IS 8^ ter made.)— Made of Tou Had Better Pile Your Claim for trimmings; in pink, blue, white and per will appreciate the low price LADIES* HOSE SUPPORTERS— H;;,^t..^
/t.,\ choice cotton. fast One of Taeie Golf-Outinff Vests. black - PrIce •••••.•• A yard 40c 81.00 Made of fancy frilled lisle elastic, with tlOUSCWIVCS.
(jhl black; in light, med- _^ . Tne y are in greater / button clasps. The kind you attach to Here are some BATTENBERG
r^Prd |um and heavy weight; /^SSpfe,. demand than- over. We _ -,. _ _ _. _ _ . „ ~1 f m _^ _ _~ _~~l your corset. Price 10c SCARFS that will add tone to your
*vKM? large and small si=<-s. £>}$&' ¦'$»* have a limited quantity If9* llflOr&inPRn I ft I* fmtnr&lfllTnn DRESS SHIELDS — Nainsook-cov- rooms; twenty inches wide and flfty-
AH Apair^Sc f/i;:J^ : iw at a very small price. fi fi I f* K | § \ &" K 8» K I. 1 1 1 K K I 9 V I- ill K 3<* K I. ercd - vegetable-lined; washable and four inches Ions:. Made in the newest
_. ,. lh'i!-ii/. : O 7 Made of steam-shrunk 1 If, R_ II OO L. |« Ii LI I 11 JIlL: il U O L. B! D R_ il il odorless 7c patterns; in criss-cross and thread-
LadlCS. ' V-W^-V w ° o1 Saxony, in fancy ¦ w "" ¦ ¦ w w««« w i#fcm W; #Wla HVWtollWhHW CABINET HAIRPINS— Eight pack- run stitch. Tou cannot buy the ma-
tt «r * .. < ._._. „.-. .„_. , ¦ X.^:- :: l crocheted patterns: Tilt! nmnr miTTrn "^ haupu aiuiiia ..... ages of assorted Hairpins in a cabinet, teria!. for the price we ask for these
B ' H » t al "L a - SHA -WIi KIMOWA X*:il double-breasted military^ THE PRICE-CUTTER ' MONEY-SAVING STORE Crinkled and straight. Invisible, and scarfs 82.50
When You Can Buy Them Ready- y^T effect, with large pearl . " h w ' ' uu — :mlPHUI unilHU WlUllb # the heavy kind A cabinet 8c TENERIFFE DOILIES OR TIDIES
»* a * * r° r w.V , ce- -,iC " buttons. In blue, black. oig Uarlrpf «? • II n'FarrpIl «f fllR Uirlr'at « II fVParrall «? INDESTRUCTIBLE STOCK OR TIE —Handmade, nve inches in diameter.
Made of piain white lawn, with a red. green and white. 010 NiaiftCl 01. .,; ,11 U raMBII Oli 010 MalKBl Oli II U ralTBll Qlt PINS — Look like the real article, with Some fancy drawn work centers; oth-
deep band of colored lawn; pointed Price them elsewhere and then you __---. «»„„,—• -~ . *' . a heavy four-inch needle-pointed pin. ers lace. If you have «ver mad", any
sleeves, also pointed effect front and will appreciate the low price at which . MAXIi ORDERS SOLICITED. '- MAZS OXSSRS SO&XOXTBO. with large round pearl top; looks like we would like to have you inspect
bick. At the Pricti Cutters... ...43c the Price Cutter offers them 08c ' I • '¦¦ J real, but not so in price Each 5c these. Price 25cSays Lawyer Broke His Promise.
M. M. Kemp, formerly proprietor of
a lodging-house at 216 Post street,
whose default in a suit to foreclose a
mortgage on his furniture was re
cently entered, thereby .causing him
to lose the suit, applied yesterday to
have the default set aside. He claims
that his default Was entered by Ray
G. . Hudson, attorney for J. E. Sills,
who held the mortgage" on his furni-;
ture and that he only<recently learned*
that Hudson had violated, his promise
to , have it set aside and give him a
chance to defend the suit.
The first central station for incan
descent lighting was built by the Edi
son company on Hoiborn' viaduct, Lon
don, In 1882. .
Loss Sustained by Hop Wo Benevolent
Association Throuch Lcavine a
Lamp Near Curtains.
Fire was discovered yesterday morn
ing shortly after 10 o'clock issuing
from a large window in the josshouse
of the Hop Wo Benevolent Association
at 751 Clay- street. When the firemen
reached the scene they found the front
door locked and had to force an en
trance through the roof. They soon
had the fire under control.
The members of the association had
been holding their annual festival in
the josshouse and left about half an
hour before the flre was discovered.
It is supposed that a burning lamp,
which had been -hanging near the cur
tains of the large window,' had set fire
to the curtains. The Idol In. the Joss^
house was untouched, but many of the
ornaments surrounding it were de
stroyed by the fire. The contents were
Insured for $1000, which will cover
the loss. . < r
American locomotives are used on the
Yafa-Jerusalem railway, although' it is
owned by Frenchmen.
FIRE PARTLY DESTROYS
A CHINESE JOSSHOUSE
Last Performances of Shows.
The last two performances of the
Floto shows will take place at Elev
enth and Market streets this afternoon
and evening. All the stars of the pro
duction will appear and Dlavolo will
loop the gap on his /bicycle. The
shows will go to Oakland when they
leave this city.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CAI.Ii inbacrlbera contemplating . a
chancre of residence during- the sunnier
months can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify
ing THE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local
agfent In all towns on the coast. :
Clubmen at Luncheon.
The University of California Club
held its regular monthly luncheon at
the California Hotel yesterday. About
thirty-five members of the organiza
tion attended the affair, at which
President A. J. Cloud presided. Dur
ing the progress of the luncheon
President Cloud addressed those pres
ent on matters pertaining to tire club
and particularly to the new rooms,
which It has Just opened at the south
east corner of Powell and Geary
streets. He stated that the club was
making great progress and was rapid
ly increasing its membership. On
Tuesday evening next the annual elec
tion of officers will take place in the
new clubrooms.-
Shoe Firm Seeks Damages.
Denies lilslop's Charges.
. The Eastern Shoe Manufacturing
Company filed a suit yesterday for
$100,000 damages against Esther
Flelsher, widow of Wolf Fleisher and
administratrix of his estate. The com
plaint alleges that the plaintiff was
damaged to the extent of the sum
Fued for by an atachment of its busi
ness maliciously placed upon it by
Mrs. Fleisher.
Henry A. Brown, paying teller of
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank, filed an
answer yesterday to the suit for
$50,000 damages for alienation of af
fections brought against him by
Gecrge W. Hlslop. Brown specifically
denies every charge made by Hislop
and emphatically states that he never
at any time did anything that would
tend to disrupt the Hlslop household.
A change has been made in the Na
tional Guard of California in relation to
the small arms firing. All small arms
firing regulations of whatever nature
that were formerly standard for the
citizen soldiery of the State have been
revoked and the regulations approved
by the Secretary of War for the gov
ernment of small arms firing for the
use of the National Guard of the differ
ent States have been adoDtedin this
State and will hereafter be the guide
for target practice.
An . order has been issued that no
range in this State shall be used for
the firing of the 30-callber United
States magazine or carbine (Krag-Jor
gensen) recently issued to the guard of
this. State at target practice until ex
amined and reported upon as to its
safety by an officer designated by in
struction from the office of the adju
tant general.
Commanding officers that are able to
pxocure proper and safe ranges will be
required to make requisition on the
chief of ordnance for 2000 ball cartridges
for preliminary practice. The issue of
such ammunition for such practice will
continue only so long as the supply and
appropriation will permit, the money
available being inadequate to carry on
a proper system of target practice in
view of the. present increased cost of
ammunition.
CHAMPIONSHIP COT OUT. !
Owing to the fact that the Springfield
rifles, with which the record practice
of 1903 was made, have been returned
to the United States Government, and
that there is no available range upon
which to fire the new arm and, the
most important fact of all, that the in
creased attendance has made the an
nual championship rifle and revolver
contest so expensive as to be out of all'
proportion to all benefits derived, there
will be no championship contest for the
current year. But in view of the fact
that the United States War Depart
ment is taking a deep interest in the
target practice of the National Guard,
it is expected that in a year or two a
scries of championship contests will be
arranged through the assistance of the
department at Washington, not only
for the State, but for the United States
aa well, which will provide. foV full par
ticipation of the National Guard.
Adjutant General Lauck in a recent
order from headquarters at Sacramen
to rakes negligent officers over the
coals for neglect to transmit reports
within the time prescribed. He says:
"When the condition is such that a
stated report cannot be prepared and
forwarded so- as to reach the adjutant
general's office inside of three months
it is certainly a disgrace to the Na
tional Guard of the State and a woeful
commentary on the efficiency of a large
number of the officers of the guard and
the naval militia."
The time for completion of the in
spection and muster of the National
Guard by a State inspector has been
extended until May 15, for the reason
that no officers of the division staff
are available for detail to complete the
inspection within the time heretofore
prescribed. Thus far the inspections
have been conducted in part by Colonel
Koster, Major Schmitt and Captain
Kelly.
CO>DIISSIONS ISSUED.
Commissions have been issued as fol
lows: To Norris King Davis, to be ma
jor and aid-de-camr> on the division
staff: James Hanford Cambell, to be
major and brigade Inspector of the
First Brigade, vice Thomas, commis
sioned major and Inspector of rifle
practice; Shad worth Oldham Peasley.
to be second lieutenant and inspector of
rifle practice. First Battalion of Artil
lery, vice Emmel, promoted.
The adjutant general's office has is
sued in book form the- general and spe
cial orders that were promulgated In
1903. It has also issued a compilation
of the laws relating to the militia, Na
tional Guard and Naval Militia of Cali
fornia. Both books are useful for the
use of the guard.
An election will be held in the First
Infantry May 24 for two majors, vice
Filmer and McCreagh, terms expired.
Colonel Wilhelm has examined the
range at San Jose for target practice,
but finds that It is not desirable for the
purpose.
Company B, Fifth Infantry, Captain
Holtorn, located at San Jose, Is having
its armory renovated and many Im
provements will be made. New lockers
are to be built eo as to accommodate
everything that belongs to each man
that. he requires in the service. The
company at its last meeting was visited
by Colonel T., R. Scott, a retired army
officer, who addressed it at some length
and gave interesting reminiscences of
the Civil War. The company has ap
pointed a committee to arrange for a
smoker and banquet in the near future.
During the latter part of the month
the company wll have its first shoot at
Schuetzen Park.
Commissions Are Issued to
National Guard Officers
in the Different Branches
AFTER THE NEGLIGENTS
Championship Contests Are
Abandoned for Current
Year for Want of Funds
NEW SMALL ARM
FIRING ORDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO - GALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1904.
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RB fffc S I!!!! £§?¦ And -many other painful and serious
|| liiiill H 59 311611^ from which most mothers
|J J|yp H jpU HH suffer, can be avoided by the use of
BSfe JftB J& 6M> BP "ytofttfs FrfeBt" This great remedy
ollr lls lUl Ii s a G°d" sen <l to women, carrying
. ,¦ ™ "¦ ."7™ ?r*f ;• ¦¦ ordeal ,with safety, and no pain.
No woman who uses •'Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to "birth; for it robs'the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves Her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
its weight in gold to every *¦ IIHHbHw
woman, and will be sent free in plain |p B^ ¦ Bl B| fl%
envelope by addressing application to g|.KK 1 B| gag j | g
Bradficld Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. ® IttflhlVW
BARTLETT
SPRINGS. 1
j . There are springs at Bartlett whose
j waters "are more valuable than' those
; at some of the noted resorts of Cali-
fornia, and much that is on the mar-
ket, but they do not compare with
the water from the great BARTLETT
SPRING. •,
; If you are planning for a vacation,
seeking health and recreation, take a
trip to Bartlett, where the health-
giving waters are furnished free,
with all kinds of amusements to en-
tertain the guests.
Rates — Hotel, |12 to $17.50 per
week. Housekeeping cottages. $3 to
$15 a week.
Write J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs, Cal., or call at 2 Sutter
street, San Francisco.
Ideal summer resort, hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN, Mldlake P. O..Lake county.Cal..
or call on Dr. Happersberger.1104 Market. S. F.
n|f,r\ f\ || Hot Springs: on line South-
U V U I I Hi ern.Paciflc: 2% hours from
K I K II In San Francisco: 3 trains
111 IIIIIl daily; luxurious mineral
LI I | I V| I | and mud baths; hotel
unique In cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau, 613 Market et.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery it., or H. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. California.
MARKipST
MRS. 0. • HlEJ CDDIMPC
jceroensen b 5 OrnliiUo
Will manage the springs; many improvements;
'new cement bathhouse and gas nil over place;
*2 day: $12 we*k. Office 918 Larkln St., or
Marie Went Springs. Santa Rosa. Rural No. 0.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to the
meat picturesque portion of California. . Best
equipped stage line vn the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Selgler, Adams. Howard, An-
derson, Hobergs. Spiers. Astorgs and Glenbrook:
half hour for lunch at Callstog;a; also to Mld-
dletown, Low»r Lake. Kelseyville and Lakeport.
Ll\ery In connection. WM. SPIERS, Prop.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
*
Extensive Improvements this year. A new
spring found which will effect more cures In a
day than tbe other waters in a week; 15 miner-
al springs. We guarantee cure for dyspepsia,
kidney, liver, etomach. rheumatism, blood, skin
diseases, etc. $10 to $l»i per week. Information
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.. or J. MAR-
TENS. Batchelor P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Mountain*,
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Hureau,
11 Montgomery, or 8. P. Co.. G13 Market. B.
DICKINSON*. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing: boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee, In an unbrjken
forest. For Information Inquire at Traveler
office, 30 Montgomery St."; Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. Clemonw. Truckee. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from Ukiah. Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
J. A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hopland:
Tine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
WHY NOT TRY
Highland
IF YOU ARE COIIMC TO THE
Sprirjgs
VVE OFFER TOU THE BEST OF MINERAL
" waters, accommodations and serrice.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All the popular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery. teIeDhon« and postofflce.
Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake
County. Most centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS— 110 to JIT SO per week. For Book-
let, etc.. call on our agent. H. R. DUFFIN,
638 Market street, or address
CRAIG & KERR,
'¦*.•¦¦• Highland Springs. Cal. ;
I Spend Your Vacation
for $>2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs San Lu £, 0blspo
The mest ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Luis
Oblspo, Cal.. and return, including stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for C2O.OO to 822.OO. according
to location of rooms, or board and a com-
mediations JW.OO to 912.OO per week.
Scenic mirroundUurs. free bathing,
boating and flshlnc; on grounds. Fine
shady walks, tennis and croquet grounds.
dance pavilion for guests. Ftne sea
beach one- mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table ts well supplied with the best the
rnarkei affords. Our *tas» meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obupo at 3:15 p. in.
evrry day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
CilS/l nr*€\ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
UA/lUUU COUNTY; only 4^ hours
V<WI *¦* **^ w from San Francisco and
but 9 miles staging: wa-
tere noted for medicinal virtues; b«st natural
hot mineral water bath In State: boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek; good trout
gtrtams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and Han Francisco mornlns and evening
parers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages.
round trip from San Francisco only $S 50. Take
Tlburon terry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or S12 a week. References, any
guact of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st., or of
J. P.-MUI.GRE'W. Skajrss, Cal.
PARAISO SPRINGS
California.
The leading summer resort of Cali-
fornia. Hot soda and sulphur baths.
Excellent table. Concert by Bro-
haska's Band every day. Send for
beautiful booklet and rates to
' r. w. scnraoiiPEg; ngr.
HOTEL ROWARDENN AN
•IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND — Santa Cruz County.
REGULAR SEASON. S
Will open May IStb under entirely new maa>
agement. Round 'rip tickets from San Vra&-
Cisco $3.1X1. For booklet apply Peck's Burea-j.
11 Montgomery st.. S. F.. or to WILLI Ait u.
DODGE. Lessee. . /_*¦ .
[CAMP CURRY:
;: Opens May 7. ;
YOSEMITE
SEIGLER Springs
Natural Hot Baths. Positive cure for rheu-
matism, asthma. Wonderful waters for liver,
kidney and all stomach troubles. Swimming
pond, gymnasium. Orchestra. Hard-finished
rooms. Fare $9 return trip. Electric lights.
Arsenic beauty baths. Dairy. Rates $10 to S12
per week. Baths and amusements free. Address
H. H. McGowan. prop.. Setgler, Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America. The only lake
resort that has its own mineral springs. Boat-
ing, swimming, fishing and hunting. EDGAR
DURNAN. sole proprietor. Laurel VtU P. O..
Lako County. Cal. ' •
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett. Springs. 8tages connect with
trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12:30;
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 6- horse 14-pauenger
tourist' wagons, with all the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Ban-
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Sprlngj
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at office
of California N. W. Ry.. 630 Market at., or
at Tlburoa ferry.
MILLER Se HOWARD. Props.
WHITE ST7XJPKT7R SPEINQS. Vallejo,
Cal. — Most accessible springs to San Francisco;
round trip $1.. no stage fare: only 2H hours'
ride- 5 mile* trom Yallejo: hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia.' eczema, kidney, liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lake
for boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New . bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates,
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo, Cal.
"BKOO3CSXDE."
AN IDEAL RUSTIC SUMMER HOME. 136
miles from San Francisco, on S. P. Road. No
staging. Finest spot , In California as to cli-
mate. Home cooking; good table; phone, gas.
bath. Rates reasonable. For particulars ad-
dress MRS. H. J. ROGERS, Applegate Placer
County. Cal. - ...
ErtbnP'5 DFCT For<1 *'" Rest > ne art of Sanu
rUKUC O KEM Cruz Mts., 8. P. C. R. R..
round trip $3: cfttarged; surrounded by two ro-
mantic trout streams; fishing, hunting, bathing;
a picturesque place. Adults %6 SO per week,
children half price. W. C. FORDE. Eccles.
Cal.
RCDfiCfTFIM Delightfully situated tn the
DCAUJllCliU Santa Crux Redwoods. Rates
17 and %3 per week. For circulars address O.
F. BIgPENWEO. R. D. 121. Santa Crux.. Cal.
70S BEST — Nice 4-room cottage on
ranch, furnished for housekeeping- Adiire?a
MRS. E. SURRYHNE, Santa Rosa. Route 2.
Sonoma County, Cal. (
APVX&TTEKWTiNTS»
BOR^OCOLOGY
The creed of the Boraxologist is simply
this: "Be kind, calm and hustle— and
use plenty of BORAX*
BORAX is nature's greatest cleanser.
After you have rubbed and scrubbed and
can't get a thing clean, put a little Borax •'
in the water, and presto! the dirt dis-
appears as if by magic But be sure you
get the Pure Borax, 20-MULE-TEAM
BRAND- Sold by Druggists and Gro-
cers, x A t Vi and J-lb. packages.
Thefaaota "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to ptacnaam ol
"^Mok-Teini Borax." At stores of sent foe BOX TOP and 4c in stamps.
Padfic Coast Borax Co* New York, Chicago, San Francisco.
Twenty Mul« Team— Our Trade Hark.
CAZADERO
The Gem of AH northern Betxeats.
Grove, Forest. Glade and Sell.
Crest. Canyon. Hill and Bale.
Knoll, Knob. Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and the haunt of Um
deer. Reached over the North Shore Ky., via
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased th!s resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
tell you that. o*wtng to last season's big ana
unprecedented patronage, I have purchased tats
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop*
erties, insuring the be«t of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building- containing a bowling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
Ing and bathing on the river, all free to guests.
Free camping-grounds in the Cazadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must be compiled with.
Lote, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $100
up. and cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Sausallto Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip, good for six months, $3 75.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. %S: no stag-
ing: depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages, $2 per day: $10 to |14 per week; spe-
cial rate by the month.
For particulars other than herein given writ*
J. JT. THIRION. owner and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. CaL. or North Shore
R. R. of nee. 626 Market St.. San Franc;aco.
VACATION 1904
IS NOW BEADY FOB DISTBIBUTION.
"VACATION" is issued an-
nually by the
California Northwestern R'y
TEZ PICTURESQUE B0UTK OT CALIT035U
and Is the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for Inform** i,
tlon regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's edition. "Vacation
1904," contains over 150 pases.
beautifully Illustrated, and Is
complete In Its detailed Informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc.. wlta
terms from {7.00 per week up.
To be had at Ticket Office*. fSO Market
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry.
foot of Market Street: General OTSce. Mut-j-tl
Life Building, corner of Saaaoisa aAd CaUfor4t»
Streets. San Francisco; la. O&Uaad mx. 872
Broadway.
Applications by Mall Win BeeslTt Xm-
medlats Bespoas*.
H. C. WHITING. GenT Manager.
R. X. RTAX. CenT Pas»*r Ajrent.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas en the Russian Rlrer
below Goernerin* In a grov* a mils and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats: wl!l build a dam In the river; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathing;.
Adult* $2 per day, S1O per w«elc; childrva
under 10 half ratea. Special ratea for fami-
lies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. I* C CN'O-
PIU3. Camp Vacation, "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. Cal.
Own Summer Horn? is is^Sf co. Cmj Hester
Pore water, equable climate, lot* •elllnc $lt
np; cottages built by Meeker. ISO np; depot;
•torts; restaurant; hotel; post and express;
telephone; sawmill; 900 lots sold; 300 cottage*
built. Saasallto ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C.
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasure
resort Is now ocen lor the patronage of the
public. Address JOHN JACOBS
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Improved atnee last Maaoa.
Opens April 1. THOS. I* BELL, Mgr.. Felton.
CaL Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gaogx
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00.
LOS GATOS.
HOTEI. LTXTX3N— Modern fanpiOTemeatm,
extensive grounds: popular amusements} u«~a
te&nls, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Oppostta
depot. J. P. MOOexsoy. Prop.
V. 3. B. B. TOCALO1Y1A XariaCa.
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
special rates for families and parties; fishing,
hunting, boating, bathing; beautiful drrves to
Bear Valley: telephone. , JOSEPH F. BEK-
TRASD. or Bulletin Office, every Thursday, 3
to * p. m.
FXSCASSBO.
Swanton House, under new management.
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebbla
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Fhon*.
Rates. $3 and S10 per week. G. C LUCE.
Proprietor.
. ZilS I) 2t JUS'S PABK, OnemwiUe.
A resort for your family. Partly furnished
cottages, 912 per month and up. Tents and
platforms. Near Russian River. Board and
room at tl 50 per week. See PECK'S, n,
Montgomery st. -
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable In Lake
Co. ; contain sulphur. Iron, magnesta and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, paralysis, dropsy, kidney, liver and
stomach troubles; new gymnasium. ¦ bowtln*
alley, handball court and billiard room. Round-
trlp tickets. S. P. office. IS. J. a. HAT3. Prop.
M OTTHTAI2T VUBW SaVCB HOTEI.
*"¦ and cottages. In the mountains, near Santa
Cruz. First-class table and accora.. gas. baths
pbone. dally mail bowling, croquet. araua«I
ments; terms. $9 up. Campers to Glenwood lnc
carriage. $3 75 round trip. FRANK R. DAVnT
Santa Cruz. Frederlcksen A Sntton. Managers^
OCCIDEITTAI. HOTEL, ZaTWAXOS.
Flrst-clasa resort; tenms. croquet. bowllniE.
amusement hall. etc. Special rates to families
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD. Prop., phone
Black 141.
EEDWOOD VTT.Trft BZSOST.
Kxcellent board, home* cooking; tent rronnrf
If desired, with board. 15. Room and board S
to 110. Best hunting an<J_flshlns. MRS. A. tl
ACKERMAN. La Honda. San Mateo C<»aty!
W 11^ 0 .?^ RA * CH . delightfully located tn
» ? redwoods. 5 miles from Santa Cruz. Sprint
water, fruit, milk, excellent table; daily mall-
free conveyance: 8T week; phone Suburban 87*
MRS. W. CRANDELL. SanU Cro£ C»L
BTiT.TVETTJE HOTEI., El Verano So-
noma Co.. Cal Terms. <l day andTp; hot
mineral springs near by. Long distance tele-
Phone; daily mall. JOHN SERRB3. ProprUton
BOTAIPER'S GBOTE — SOSS VAXI.ET
Private boardln*; terms reasonable. Team
meets Sunday morning trains. Address MRs.
MATT LINDSAY. Eos g Station.
POB BEST, at Camp Meeker. • fur-
nished cottage; 3 rooms. Box 105C. Call office
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
- Odd Parlor Pieces
We have a large assortment of b?autiful odd
pieces for the parlor as well as complete parlor
suits, finished in all the up-to-dite styles, and
we extend to you a cordial invitation to call and
inspect them, compare our prices with otfher
houses and assure yourself that you can save
fully 20 per cent in buying from us. We can
offer you special bargains every day in Carpets,
Bed Sets, Dining-room and Kitchen Outfits. All
other houses pay rent; we don't. That's the^se-
cret of our low prices. !
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE GO,
1017-1023 Mission St Abare Sixth, Sear Rew Posloffice \
m V\ Jrl !<-SKSSl 8a*. ..^.aJ^"-^ imtCSL^. J^K **^ * * * ¦¦¦¦¦¦— V%\
- IITPTATf CASTXiE SXAB ECRXOSA.
Castles, Cascades, Canyons, on the Ronte
UnionSouthern Pacific
'i 4&0-'* Round Trip Tickets to (££7 <)0
Hj St. Lonis $Vl =
w>aiC J^ttlCd ? june ,,2, J5, J6, 22, 23
I rf KATES DATES WILL BS AjrxrOUXTOZD*
-A SEE S.F. BOOTH, Gesertl Agent, U. P. R.R.,
/ H 1 Montgomery Street
* a Or any Southern Pacific Agent
THE GEYSERS
The Most Famous Health and Fleasuxt
Besort in California. '
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unenr-
pacsed and . the waters are acknowledged the
best on tbe market. Natural miner*!, steam
and Hammarn baths. 8wlmmlnff lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting;, fishing.
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGE*, have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
floe pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and Ht-
*ry stable in connection with the hotel. Tbe
hotel, cottares. bath houses and ETOunda are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the beet the
market affords. Rates. $10. $12, $14 and |1«
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRT. Prep. The Geysera,
.Sonoma County. California,
AguaCaliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round: the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates %2 per day, $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's, 11 Montgomery St..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Callente
Springs, Sonoma County, California.
We have erected 'a stone building, modem
dining-room; can reat 400 guests.
Jj$fy$!&\ Jose
J^3gSSj&^ Situated In Vendome Park
WMoBw of 12 acres, a charming
3SKJj™9' srummer report; both city
j and country advantages; .
automobile garage on the grounds
free to guests. Bathing pavilion,
bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New auto
road map of the county mailed oa
application. ,
J. T. BROOKS. Manager.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser in bathhouse, club-
house, etc. Increased accommodations, mod-
ern convenience*. Scenery unsurpassed. Table
a specialty. Rates per week, |10 to $15. Photos
and Information at Chatfleld & Vlnzent's. 22*
Montgomery st. , or Capt. F. W. CLOUGH,
prop.. Soda Bay, Kelscyvllle, P. O., Lake Co
Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck. Slsklyou County. California.
Write to EPSON BRO3. for Booklet.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
GBA2TD CENTRA! HOTEL.
Felton. CaL Rates reasonable.
([ MRS. I. N. HAYE3.'
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
TTnder new management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA, Mgr.
|§pii§||j TENTS
kSb^j^^SoJh Awnlnrs. Hammocks,
fifl^fJh!Mtt>^is£SliSPl * "Wtm At, y t> U lVt BffT? IT ¦
Tel. Main 549. Ill Clay st.
JOHANNISBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat*
Ing: $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
KNBUKG JR.. Prop.. Oakville. Napa Co.. or
•INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
. SOLID COMFORT HOME '
Extensively Improved; 1000 feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths; spring water; ciment
swimming tank, 40x80. Rates JS week up; stage
meets train. Schuler tc Scheben, Napa. Cal.
HOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S ?{?„&
No fog. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tcnlc and Invlgorator. Residence 20 years. \1
per week. Woodworth It Muller. St.Helena.CaUBelle Martin, chronic vagrant, wept
with Joy when Evangelist George
Knowlton, the reformed confidence
man, and his wife assured Judge Mo
gan that they would attempt her con
version to better living if she were al
lowed X.a accompany them.
"Take her along," said his Honor,
"and If you succeed in leading her to
the light there will be no further ques
tion as to the efficacy of your reforma
tory system. She has been before this
court for drunkenness and vagrancy
more times than I care to enumerate
and.lo.ng ago I gave her up as hopeless.
However. It will be" Interesting to watch
the development of the test case In
your hands. Take her away, and may
good luck attend your endeavor."
But he could not positively identify the
men as his assailants, because the at
tack was made in darkness.
On the evidence thus adduced Judge
Mogan felt justified in sending the case
to the higher court.
Fred Lawrence, Fred Goodman and
Fred Duckhard must answer In the Su
perior Court the charge of robbery with
violence, and their ball Is fixed at $3000
apiece.
L. Kessler was robbed of $18 .cash,
a hat and a revolver by three men who
fc-llowed him from a saloon to his room
at 321 Pacific street. They beat him to
Insensibility and kept his face covered
with a pillow while they plundered
him. Then they locked him In the
apartment and not until four hours
later did the other lodpers in the house
learn of what had happened. .^
Meantime the three defendants above
named were .overhauled by Patrolmen
McGrayln* and Wren, who- saw them
acting In a suspicious 'manner at Pa
cific and Sansome streets. In their pos
session the 'officers found i Kessler's
money, hat and pistol, all of which
were subsequently identified by him.
reminder that his • next arrest will be
followed by punishment.
Once upon a time a colored gentle
man was arraigned on the charge of
plundering a poultry yard, and when
the c!erk of the court had read the
formal accusation and asked, "Are you
guilty or not guilty of stealing chick
ens?" the defendant promptly replied,
"Net suilty, yo* Honah." The evidence
was insufficient to convict, and after
the case was dismissed the lately ac
cused whispered to his attorney, "It
am a good* thing dat dc clerk didn't
say ducks instead of chickens, kase
I'se slch a conscientious man he'd a
had me, .siuih."
The story was recalled by the neat
way in which Judge, Mogan trapped
James' Edwards, arrested for accosting
women on Montgomery street and de
manding money, into a confession that
he was an ex-convict. Edwards plead
ed that he had never before been ar
rested for drunkenness or begging, and
the eyes of the Judge scanned him
sharply before the inquiry was put If
he had not once been convicted of bur
glary.
"Well, I did my three years for it,"
sullenly answered James Edwards.
"Six months In the County Jail,"
said the Judge.
"It was a guess," his Honor after
ward admitted. "I had never seen the
fellow before, but 'criminal' was so
plainly depicted upon his face and be
trayed by his manner that 1 made the
venture — and won. If I had said any-,
thing else than burglary, however, he
would have had me nonplused, sure."
Then ' the shrewd magistrate took
upon himself the role of arbitrator, and
with neatness and dispatch effected a
settlement of the dispute that had led
to the separation of Mr. and Mrs. B. K.
Leach and j the husband's arrest for
failing to provide for the couple's two
young children. Mrs. Leach, a pretty
little matron, did not seem eager t6
prosecute anyway, and Mr. Leach, who
gave his occupation as clerk, did not
look like a man .that would willfully
neglect ' his offspring. These indica
tions were quickly noted by the Judge,
for he said: . ¦
"You people would better sit down to
gether on that bench there and talk
over the situation before, we go . any
further with the case;£*Sv ¦ - '-'¦¦¦ ' '
; The suggestion ywas ill adopted, and
after a brief but- animated -discussion
the husband .approached'* the ' bench
and whispered .that a-truce had been
effected. In response"* & p.n \ interroga
tive glance from the .^Ttidge i the .little
wife smiled and nodded .'affirmatively. :
, "No.w, take" your, children- and . go
home/'- -said.-hlg i Honor, r -"and/do ; not
come here again until r you'- have ex*
George Gogadus and his wife, Orey,
will be sentenced to-morrow for having
deserted and willfully neglected their
five-year-old son until starvation
threatened him. In the case of the
woman no lenience is likely to be shown
by Judge Mogan, 'as the testimony
heard yesterday depicted her as a most
unnatural mother, addicted to, drink
and utterly careless of what might be
come ol her helpless child. The hus
band, however, may be punished less
severely, because he proved rather con
clusively that the boy's starving con
dition was unknown to him, as he was
absent frc-m the city and because wit
nesses gave him a good reputation for
sobriety and industry. t Meantime the
little one has been sent to the Youths'
Directory, where Its future will be look
ed after by the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children.
One c-f the neighbors of the defend
ants, a Mrs. Beattie, pathetically told
the court of how the little chap had
entered her house last Sunday evening,
after he had been without food or care
for three days, and asked her for some
thing to eat. He was so weak he could
hardly stand and his general condition
was pitiable. As she fed him she learn
ed of how he had been all alone in the
house at 1063 Howard street since Fri
day morning, when his mother had left
him without any provision' for his sus
tenance. He had sobbed and starved
until he could no longer bear the hun
ger pangs, and then he went begging,
z Mrs. Gogadus tried to mitigate her
awful conduct by calling to testify In
her behalf a Mrs. Martin, at whose
house on Sixth street she alleged she
had been working during the period of
her absence from home, but Mrs. Mar
tin was so far gone in inebriety that
she could nelth r t, speak Intelligently
nc-r stand stepd.fr while under exam
ination and her testimony was rejected.
Thomas Kane, young in years but old
as a steerer of horses, asserted that
his steeds were gently trotting on Mar
ket street when a policeman stopped
them and declared they were ; wildly
galloping. Also dismissed, v.ith a sharp
It was Fred Jaeger's debut as a
teamster— indeed, he confessed that
never before had he. handled the leath
ern ribbons, and that made all the
more reprehensible his driving at a
three-minute gait across the Market
street end of Kearny street during the
midday shopping hour. Dismissed with
a most severe reprimand. •
Two feather pillows served as exhibit
A in the case of Eugene McCabe, who
was caught In the act of stealing them
from Justin Caroul's lodging-house, at
113 Sixth street. ; ,
Mr. Aiken, one of the lodgers, testi
fied that he it was who first met the
defendant as he was trying to escape
with a pillow under each arm. "Where
did you get 'em?" inquired Mr. Alken.
"Just bought 'em from the landlady,"
replied Mr. McCabe. "Let's see about
that," Mr. Aiken suggested.- Then. Mr.
McCabe threw down the' pillows and
ran four blocks ere Mr. Aiken overtook
and grabbed him. "Say, sport," then
quoth Mr. «McCabe, "what are you but
tin' into this thing for. Gimme a cigar
ette and go -your way." But this re
quest was spurned, and Mr. Aiken
clung to Mr. McCabe until the arrival
of a policeman rendered further cling
ing unnecessary.
Case continued until Tuesday and po
lice.records to be searched for previous
mention of Eugene McCabe.
The aged father of 17-year-old* Belle
Jones wept as he told of his. motherless
girl's waywardness and his inability to
control her. His employment keeps him
away from home^all day, and during
his absence . the. lass did much as she
pleased, and' her pleasure was to fornf
bad acquaintanceships. Finally she
ran away from home,' and several days
afterward a policeman found' her in a
disreputable lodging-house.
The girl displayed .no feeling what
ever while her parent recounted her
conduct, although every one else In
Judge Mogan's courtroom was more or
less affected by his emotion. And when
the. bench ordered that she be taken to
St. Catherine's Home and Training
School— which is the new title of the
old Magdalen Home — she maintained
her stoicism and looked not once at the
heart-broken man who was trying to
save her from herself.
haus^ed all other means of settling
your differences."
Mr. Leach picked, up his youngest
baby, Mrs. Leach took the hand of the
eider toddlerj and thus equipped they
walked out of court side by side.
Witnesses Convince Judge Mogan That Mrs.
Orey Gogadus, Who Lek Her Five,-Year-
Old Son to Starve, Deserves No Mercy
The commercial travelers of the
coast were the guests of honor laat
evening at the big exposition being
given under the direction of the Re
lail Grocers' Association of this city
in the Mechanics' Pavilion, which was
crowded with visitors. All sorts of
samples were given out by the man
ufacturers and wholesale merchants.
Martin and Jack Stewart with their
troupe of professional cake walkers
were one' of the most attractive fea
tures of rhe evening's session of the
exposition and were greatly appre
ciated by the throng;.
Commercial Travelers of the Coast
Special Guests at Pavilion
Lust Xlshu
MOTHER OF NEGLECTED BOY WILL
BE SHOWN NO LENIENCY BY COURT
The executive committee in charge
of the exposition and many of the ex
hibitors'are so well pleased with the
success of th« fair that it is the inten
tion of the Retail Grocers' Association
to give a similar display of California
products every year.
The school children were the guests
of the association in the afternoon
and were shown the same attention
as the older people. The youngsters
were loaded down with samples of
foodstuffs and household suggestions.
The German residents will hold forth
to-night. A ssecial programme has
been arranged and a grand chorus,
composed of 100 voices, will eingr Ger
man songs, accoMpanied by a concert
band. To-morrow evening the Chi
nese residents will be given an oppor
tunity to view the exposition. Inter
preters will be in attendance -to ex
plain the different exhibits.
GROCERS' EXPOSITION" IS
STILJj A BIG ATTRACTION*
THE SAN * FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1009.
HAYWARDS, May 7. — The plate
glass window in the jewelry store of
H. Hauschildt was smashed by bur
glars last night and several watch fobs
stolen. The crash of the breaking
glass was heard by .Night Watchman
Pimental, who gave chase to the
thieves, but failed tq capture them.
J. J. Ballinger and his family occupy
three rooms of the apartment house
kept by Mrs. Margaret Luchenback at
608 Laguna street, and so obnoxious
has he become to the landlady that she
has applied to the courts to compel his
removal. Judge Cabaniss will hear the
full text of Mrs. Luchenback's griev
ance next Tuesday.
"In our refuge home." said the one©
famous goldbrick operator, "she will
be removed from the temptations that
beset the fallen sinner on the streets,
and I sincerely believe that she can be
persuaded to become an honest. In
dustrious woman."
31
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
, Cures Crip and
Pin this to\ et er of credit.
-Where Tourists can find
Humphreys' Specifics: .
Parls.'SZ. rue'Etlenne-Marcel. ' •
London, 49 Hiymarket. .
Vienna. Stephansplatz, 8.
Brussels, 66, Boulevard de Waterloo.
Barcelona, RondaS., Pedro, -26.
Madrid. Calle ..Tetuan, 3.
Alexandria, rue Cherlf Pacha.
Manila, 167, Escolta; t
Rio de Janeiro, 72. Rua de 8.- Pedro.
Buenos Ayres, 442, Calle Florida.
Mexico City, Calle del Collseo,,3. .
At all Drug Stores - in Canada, Cuba,
Central America, Honolulu, Porto Rico,
tho West : Indies, and in every City.' Town
and Hamlet In the United States -of
America. ' . . - . . ..
.Cloth- bound book mailed free.
At Druggists', 26c, each, or mailed. -
.' - Humphreys' . Medicine Co.', • Cor, William and
Streets, New York. " <
GR E T H ' S FOBTU N E MAD E
Problem of Aerial Navigation Brilliantly
Dr. Greth's Airship Sails Over San Francisco' for Two Hours
The who'e world Is ringing with the success five thousand thaws of slock Bre now hsing Fourth— The time to Invest in Any enterprise
nf x~)r August Greth's airship, 'the "California Boltf At the remarkably low price of $3 p**r is during the early ''stages of development.
it .io ** a hundred thousand ceoDle siiw this shure. \Vhcn this SO0O sh&res hAve heen sub- When this company Is in • full oper&t^on tho
, , _, 1, «..«i,.»V^!- Lt^u. .V. scribed for, 10,000. more will be sold At *3 per value of these shares will have increased At
marvel of science- make e^-oluttons «\er the Bhare> after wn i ch tD « stock books of the com- leAst tenfold. Greth Airships will be used for
business center of Sai» Francisco, which proved pany will be closed And no more shArea will military purposes. Government surveying, ex-
beyond question that man is now master, of be sold at any prlc*. Blocks o? 50 or more ploratlon. reaching hitherto inaccessible, moun-
the smooth highway* of heaven as wtll as of Chares of ' ths first MOO will be UNDER- tainoun mining district*, and by thousands of
„_, |*4- WRITTKNat the company's expense. This private 4nUivi.iuAl» for recreation, sport, etc.
sta anu laaa. . absolutely guaranttcs the Investor against loss. Fifth— The mtn who are handling this enter-
The last two trials, made on April 2Sth and Th(l anares Bro <irliv»rp<l with a GOLD BONT> prls? havt unqueatiocable records for honesty
May Cd, demonstrated the utssolute ultimate GUARANTEE Indorsed by any bank you may an.l integrity. They are men whese . absolute
euccees of the Grtth in% f «nt;cn. A few minor select. From present Indications this stock reliability is guaranteed by the highest pos-
changes and improvements - are • now being will be worth from $20 to J30 per share within slble ban!t and mercantile Indorsements,
made, after which not one but many flights six months. Sixth — The stock Js positively non-assessabl-j
wilt be made and several Ions distance trips are Any one can s?e that an Immense amount of and there is r.o preferred Ktock. Every stock-
contemplated. "-¦ mtney will be- made by simply EXHIBITING holder and officer draws the same percentasa
The Greth airship has proven itself to b« tar theee airships throughout the United States, of profits. . .
superior to any aerial cratt ever sailed. There They will sail from one city to another, and Seventh — These shares are being sold at very
Is ro doubt but that the "Eagle** will win the will cause tremendous excitement wh?rever much l«ws than their actual value It* order to
SIOU.OOO prize in competing with. Santos-Du- they go. Mr. John King-ling or Rlngllng. Bros." raise money as quickly as possible,
niont at the St. Louis Exposition this summer. Circus says: 'You have -the only great at- Elirhth— In less than three months* every
¦ Tha -Amsrican -Aerial Navigation ¦ Company, traction for the American people which ia ah- holder of shares In this company will know
which owns nine United States patents and solutely new.": that ho has made th; beat investment- of hU
claims on the . Greth ; invention, is composed NO GREATER OPPORTUNITY FOR. A 1 fe. - •
largely of '¦ mechanics and people, of limited SAFE AND PROFITABLE INVESTMENT Ninth— If you secure this underwritten stock
means. With the coming of success Dr. Oreth HAS EVER BEEN OFFERED TO PEOPLE you are absolutely guarantee against loss,
and his associates were flooded with letters and OF THIS GENERATION. . ' . YOU KNOW POSITIVELY THAT 5 YOUR
telegrams of ¦ congratulation, and several flat- Her* are nine reasons why these shares are CAPITAL IS SAFE. The bond. ¦- indorsed by
terlng offers have been made by capitalists for a. rood investment: " • your own bank, calls for ths full amount of
a controlling interest In the patents. -The con- -First — Aerial navigation is In Ita Infancy, yonr investment.
trol however, WILL. NOT BE SOLD AT ANY The possibilities for fabulous profits are prac- No less than 3 or mnre than 600 will be
PRICE. The enormous value of an 1 invention tlcally " unlimited, and cover a field' In which lxsued to any one subscriber, and no less than
which - successfully, navigates/ the air. Is ap- tht-re Is no competition. 50 shares wtll be underwritten,
parent to all. but in order to raise the neces- Second — Tho exhibition of these airship* is a The company reserves the right to refuse
s«ry capital for the carrying out of their plans perfectly safe and substantial business enter- subscriptions and return money In full to ap-
they are obliged to dispose of a small amount prise. This on* feature alone shoulj pay such pllcama w'aen tho 10. C00 snares have been sold,
of stock.- ¦¦ ... . -«-•:-,•: enormous dividends to stockholders as to be Do not let anything keep you from writing
The i-ompany intends, to build, operate n.nd almcst b«voud belief. pTWi 1 1* §nf> tijt\ fen rfjBfcnm or calling TO-DAY. Do it now — while tha
exhibit these successful aerial craft, and four Third — There is no doubt, but that a number matter U fresh in your mlr.d. • • •¦
ulw ships will- be constructed' in^ the ••hortest of these airships wUT soon bo ordered for mill- Rooms 828-7. Emma Spreckela ¦'¦ Bldg., 927
.possible time. In order to ralso money quickly tary purposes.;, > : .- ¦ ilarket street, Ban Francisco, Cai; "'¦'¦•
.':::;¦¦> • ADVERTISEMENTS.
i^^p^ <=^ r li fi ft I Mt Mice Ji/utc %£i I rr» l " Deab Mrs, Pinkham : — I suffered for six years rrith dysmenorrhea (pain- «• Dear Mks. |§ f SUf^O M AV I4AI11 C "\ Bn^^^^^^^
K^^ !Sj V 1 C*'^J^Jy if I fir Vn lOO AbWCD nlLLLri.^ ful periods), so much so that I dreaded every month, as I knew it meant three or Phtkham: — A | ,^.^^.2 **Tqi5^*_L^^ niA.Ui*Ct . J fll^S^SS^^W
Kl^9. N.^^f^A. " If younff rirls only realized how dangerous it is to take cold at this critical fai | because of female troubles. The doctor did not help me. I remembered that m 7^^S^^^
I S. \ w^ time, much suffering would 'be spared them. Thank Ood for Lydia E. Pinkham's Vcgetablo mothcr had used Lydla E. Plnkhnm's Vegetable Compouna on many occasions for JaHSS&J&iA
feVr% /k V «2oSv^^ V^^K^i Compound, that was the only medicine that helped me any. Within three weeks after I i rro gularities and uterine troubles, and I felt sure that it could not harm me at any >«£5Ssij
nraJiL. J^-"rffr started to take it, I noticed a marked improvement in my peneral health, and at the time ra tc to give it a trial."
p 1 W % of my next monthly period the pain had diminished considerably. 1 kept up the treatment, and \ '. '
161^^^ 1 \ X was curcd a month later. I am like another person since. I am in perfect health, my eyes are " I was certainly &lad to find that within a week T felt much better the terrible pains g|
IV&f&KSilb-*-**^^ \ brighter, I have added 12 pounds to mv weight, ray color is ffood, and I feel light and happy." in the back and side were beginning to cease, and at the time of menstrnation I did not have gfl
fvBM^f&^^^^\ \^ T^M£k» ~ Mlss Aq -^« MiixraTss Potomac Avenue, Chicago, 111 nearly as serious a time as heretofore, so I continued its use for two months and at the end ||
l\wclkw5?lfil9^V^^ V^T^^^> . . of that time I was like a new woman. I really have never felt better in myhfe,>have not Kg
I^V^m^a Sit^ *Bt I tflpnnn FORFEIT ««««» forthwith prod^U.. criRln.1 letter, and .l^ature. had a sick headache nnee, a nd ™lg\*0 P^° ds mO S,ii a t " n I C^u W®
I VKnnn of »^Tet«stimonl*J», which will proTc their »b»olnto genuineness. recommend your medicine." — Mbs. Mat Eaule, Edgerton, VVis., President Household R||
' a "^r" ssari "" """"" — ¦¦¦ ¦¦ "-"-i
The greatest inducement to buy good Furniture
2 and Carpets ever offered in this city. ;
Q If you are not ready for j-our furniture now you ma}' take ad-
vantage of this offer by paying a small deposit and have the goods
tet aside. You may select proportionately any piece of furniture
FREE in the store. " " j
For one week only we are going to give a good, sefvice-
5 able piece of furniture with every purchase of $5 or over —
1 either a cash or credit purchase. g
| This Elegant Footstool ||~""^~j[ ***$, v ™i»-. §
¦«5SEZ2S3»»3cr*CK MJiiTMii^arn * ' 'flfVltfiiii i t^iit laaac^sz^gicg-r 1 ; { t -Xij!'gT : p^^
t? TTtis solid ¦
n Mahogany ($ comfortable, I
H Purchase Purchase, m M^.J&.flf I
Regulzr $6.;0 vale*. -^ SlQv 1 im \»[ J!f H
I v ' \y I I (Rn This Round Top Extension Dining 1
\\ tr lull Table; quartir-sa wed oak, piano fin- B
I lj Iff Purchase. ¥**'' hea . v y fluted legs, highly pol- 1
t^ *r R 'viL JIS **2O6 Purchase I
f^ Regular $20 value. S
I T. Brilliant Furniture Go. |
I 338-342 Post Street !The description shows ; the powder to
be" even more powerlul than was sup-
Since the war between Russia and
Japan began a good deal has been
heard of the Shimose powder, which,
in the tjpinlon of military experts,
gives Japan a great advantage both
on : land and sea. The experts have
been reasoning from what was known
of the destructive effect of the powder
in the naval battles already fought, for
it was not until a few days ugo that a
detailed description of .what the ex-<
plosive can accomplish reached Lon
don.
Shimose Pozvdcr.
KEARNY EXCITEMENT— O. A. S..
City. What was known as the anti-
Chinese riots commenced at ChJco
Cal., March 14. 1S77; July 23 of th»
same year attacks on Chinese wash
houses in San Francisco were made
and stopped by the police. What was
known aa the Kcarny excitement de
veloped In August of that year.
MONTANA LANDS— H. R. H.. City
and C. W., Rpr.o. Nev. For informa
tion relative to public lands to be open
ed in*Montana, addres3 a letter of in
quiry to the General Land Office,
Washington, D. C.
Blrd3 seem to have no discrimina
tion whatever in regard to poisons,
probably because they have almost no
sense of smell and swallow, their food
without masticating it. They are
terrified to paralysis by the appear
ance of "a poisonous snake (unless the
terror be due to dread of the appear
ance of the serpent rather than to an
inherited knowledge of its venomous
power); but such intelligent birds as
rooks will pick up and eat poisoned
grain, and crows and ravens readily
eat poisoned eggs or meat. Chickens
will eat the poisoned seeds of labur
num and die from its effects. Whether
blrda such as tits and greenflinches
ever do so does not see mto be known
But wild birds are frequently found
djing in gardens, though apparently
they have been in good health a. few
hours before. -and their death may
probably be due to the consumption
of poisonous teeds.
Birds and Poison.
RED CROSS SOCIETY— H. J. &,
San Luis Obispo, Cal. Mrs. J. P. Mor
rill, 17S2 Washington street, San Fran
cisco, is the president of the Red Cross
Society in that city.
NO FIGURES— S.. City. There is no
compilation of \flgures that shows tho
number of the male and of the female
population of the entire world.
THERE is a disquieting rumor that a concession is
' to be granted for a shooting galicry and bowling
alley in Yosemitc Valley. Of recent years there
has been too much disposition to impair the primitive
beauty of that valley. People who go there in the right
purpose arc attracted solely by the matchless natural
grandeur of the place. It is the one peculiar spot that
has no rivalon the planet. It is the last place on earth
that should be given over to catch-penny business and
midway plaisancc attractions. Yet a tawdry village, offi
cial in its origin, has been created there, and the nobility
of. nature is sacrificed to the' profit of souvenir fakers
and all sorts'of people whose presence and business are
unnecessary to the sane enjoyment of the wonders na
ture wrought.
Proper and comfortable hotel and camp accommoda
tions, a safe trail and guide service, a reasonable satisfac
tioh-of a natural desire for photographs of the scenery,
are*all that should be there. People who want to shoot
and' roll tenpins can find facilities for both in the city.
It mars and cheapens the wonderful valley to fill it with
The Native Sons have started a movement i for reces
sion of the valley to the National" Government, to end
divided jurisdiction there. . Around-jit , is the Yosemite
National Park under Federaljjurisdiction, while that of
the; valley is in the State/^s.a'tfustjcreated by Congress.
If the State Commissior.; : "persist ;iri :its >: ."Little Egypt"
ideas about the;valley,Uh*e'Nati^ Sons and all people of
good sense and taste sho/ild : find in such -a policy much
argument for giving the valley back to.the United States,
BALDWIN HOTEL FIRE— A Reader
of the Call, Vallejo, Cal. The Baldwin
Hotel In San Francisco was destroyed
by fire November 23, 1S9S.
THE YOSEMITE.
SALOON LICENSE — A Reader.
City. The saloon license in San Fran
cisco in ths year 1902 was $21 per
quarter.
THE spectator of events, especially one from a for
eign country, might find some jcause for reflection
in the annually recurring phenomena attending the
American celebration of the Fourth of July. The people
of the country make great preparations, months in ad
vance, for the celebration. Handsome young women are
voted for as goddesses of liberty. Available talent is dis
cussed before an orator is sclecteo. to do justice to the
occasion.. Fire companies, ..military organizations and
many civic societies regularly enroll themselves among
those who desire to keep alive still the memory of In
dependence day. Schoolboys and schoolgirls and the
population at large take interest in the preceding prcpa
rations and- are enthusiastic when the real event is in
progress.
The cities are less enthusiastic- on the. whole. Per
haps it is because they are more 'used to pageants of
various kinds. Possibly the holidays are so few and
the country is so attractive that the population desires to
visit rather than to celebrate. Very likely, when a hack
politician is mouthing and exhorting the people to re
member the principles that actuated the fathers of the
republic, and is exhorting the auditors to emulate them
the spectacle is not very edifying. Nor is the quality of
t'le original poetry about the bird of, freedom always ex
hilarating. The city procession is apt to be very in
adequate. At all. events the preparations for the Fourth
of July in the cities- are never taken up % earnestly long
before the anniversary of the natal day of American
freedom.
.In the interior of this State and in many others /Fourth
of July, becomes a. topic of engrossing interest, before
the close of the month of April and by May all-the par
ticulars for a demonstration' are practically arranged.
Half a dozen communities in California have now under
way their plans for the Fourth of July. A perusal of
the country papers will repay any person to whom the
idea of Fourth of July is not yet presented/ He will see
that;the fervor and love of theiUnited States are. unmis-
PATRIOTISM IN THE COUNTRY.
M. W. Marsden of Philadelphia* and
Joseph Wile of Kentucky, who several
months since had a lot of cotton stalks
shipped to Philadelphia to have them
analyzed, to find If there a-sls some
thing valuable in them, returned to
Gonzales recently with samples of what
was found in them and exhibited the
same to a meeting of citizens. The
stalks were found to contain 5 $2 to $4
worth of sugar to the ton, to make fine
samples of paper superior to wood pulp,
two pieces of material' resembling cel
luloid, smokeless powder composition,
alcohol and a valuable fertilizer. Mr.
Marsden thought that an acre of aver
age stalks would amount to about
three tons, and that in the South 70,
000,000 of stalks were going to waste
that were capable of producing that
many hundred million dollars. These
gentlemen show their faith In their in
vestigations by offering to erect a plant
at Gonzales for the conversion of the
stalks into the various articles shown
at a cost of $75,000, with a possible in
crease to $250,000, if the citizens would
take $25,000 preferred stock. There • is
no such plant or industry yet in opera
tion.
From a Cotton Stalk.
r Ansivers to Queries*
WOOD FIBER— A. S.. Stese. CaT.
Thpre is such a material as wood flbec
The Round Valley reservation bill was killed in the
House o.f Representatives on the concluding day of the
session by that old but invariably effective weapon — talk.
If it were not for the imagined abilities of our statesmen
in the field of oratory the nation would be inflicted with
incalculably pernicious legislation. Let us hope the
Washington solons will never cease to talk. V;V r
His Majesty has "a refined and culti-
great as at present. These-circum
stances notwithstanding, the royal sit
tings graciously accorded of late have
become so numerous as to necessitate
the fitting up of a room in the north
wing of Buckingham Palace as a
sptudio.
In this, as in other respects, the
King is always prepared to recognize
; genius irrespective of nationality.
Hence the large number of foreign
artists resident in London who are at
present or have been lately engaged
upon portraits of his Majesty.
Mr. Weigall is executing a three
quarter length portrait for Wellington
College. Mr. John Longstaff, the Aus
tralian, is painting another to the order
of Earl Beauchamp. Other commis
sions ere being or have been recently
completed by M. Emil Fuchs, M. V. O-.
* and M. Mordecai. while E. A. Abbey,
R. A., is painting the official picture of
J.he coronation, in which 250 portraits
will appear — all the originals of which,
Including the King and Queen, have
granted special sittings.
M. Emil Fuchs, to whom the King
sat a number of times for the present
postage stamps, the coronation medals
and the portrait for the King's Prus
sian regiment, is enthusiastic on the
subject of his Majesty's qualifications
ks a Fitter. 9SH
"Before the King enters the studio,"
Eirid the famous artist, "he has decided
in exactly what manner and position
li» re-quires the portrait to be painted.
With tmit wonderful tact which dis
tinguishes him, he talks of nothing but
.art. He tells of the great pictures he
has Been in his world-wide travels."
The artistic world has lately noticed
an inclination on the part of the King
to grant more sittings to portrait
painters than at any previous time in
nil Majesty's career.
The fact has been all the more com
mented upon because the King is un
derstood to have no great liking for
"thr studio pose." Moreover, the calls
upon his Majesty's time were never so
• ~ The King as a Sitter.
The German troops now. campaigning with ruthless
energy in South Africa are meeting with severe reverses
and are suffering great distress. The experience of the
British has evidently taught no lesson to the predatory
nations that insist under the mask of progress and civ
ilization upon preying upon defenseless people. Retribu
tion will come some day.
The London News, with its typical
English broadness of view, recognizes
the wide democracy of nature. In the
same paper in which it notes the re
turn of Joseph Chamberlain from hig
vacation it shares a fine courtesy by
publishing the fact that "the cuckoo
was heard by Mr. F. H. Allen at Ged
dington Chase, near, Kettering, on tha
14 th instant."
Joe and the Cuckoo,
In lilac-tide the air hangs sweet,
In lilac-tide 4 in lilac-tide;
The trodden moss, tne moistured mold.
And all the pungent odors of the wold
The fragrant lilacs greet.
— Stanford Chaparral.
The meadows, color-splotched with flow
ers.
Glow in the sun; and liquid, from his
bowers.
The lark lets fall his paean.
In lilac-tide the brooks run free,
In lilac-tide, in lllac-tlde;
Their music, mellowing on the air.
Rises, as flowing quickly on they fare,
Crescendo, to the sea.
In lilac-tide the glades burst green,
In lilac-tide. In lilac-tide:
In Lilac -Tide.
A remarkable industry in Paraguay
is the preparation of essence of orange
leaves. More than 150 years ago the
Jesuit missionaries, who then ruled
that secluded country, imported orange
seeds and planted groves, which have
now become immense forests, filled
with small establishments for extract-
Ing the essence, which Is exported to
France and the United States for use
in soap and perfumery making. It is
also employed by the natives in Para
guay as a healing ointment and a hal*
tonic.
Essence of Orange.
Besides the fantastic caves and grot
toes are deep pits, varying in diameter
from a few feet to several miles, some
of them having forests and agricultural
lands at their bottoms. — New York
Tribune.
Some distance to the northward is a
lake which disappears for weeks at a
time. This sheet of water, -known as
the Lake of ZIrknitz, is about four
miles long and from two to three miles
broad. Villages, chapels and castles
are reflected In its waters. Frequently
in July, although not every year, the
waters begin to disappear, and in
August the bed, fifty feet below the
surface at some points, at times grad
ually appears.
From twenty to twenty-five days are
required for the entire lake to be dis
charged. When the bed is revealed the
peasants plant crops of barley where
only a short time before they were
drawing their nets. The bed remains
uncovered sometimes for many weeks.
The peasants gather their barley and
hay from the bottom In the meantime.
Then with a rush the waters return,
the basin being refilled sometimes in a
period of twenty- four hours. •
The limestone which forms the bed Is
perforated with a vast number of cav
erns and fissures. Nearly, thirty of
these are visible. They are funnel
shaped, and some of them are fifty
feet deep. The peasants give them
names, such as the kettle, the sieve,
etc. There are twenty-eight openings
which draw water off, only twelve of
which both* draw off and discharge
water. They connect with caverns and
subterranean passages penetrating be
neath the surrounding mountains.
- In . this • neighborhood also is the
Grotto of Adelsberg, the largest known
cavern in Europe and one of the most
beautiful in the world. It has been ex
plored for a distance of four or five
miles. Through a portion of it flows
the River Polk, which takes this sub
terranean method of reaching its des
tination.
Around the head of the Gulf of Tri
este, in the southern part of Austria,
and extending across the base of the
Istrain peninsula, is a plateau of lime
stone which presents some peculiar
phenomena.
Full grown rivers. issue from its sides,
disappear under other hills, to reappear
later at some distance point. Mysteri
ous springs rise through the bottom of
the Bay of Trieste, in times of heavy
rainfall bubbling up with a violence
sufficient to endanger small craft. In
the heart of Cherso Island, which is
in the middle of the Gulf of Quarnero,
is the Lake of Vrana. It is surrounded
entirely by hills, and lies in. a basin
said to be forty-five fathoms deep. The
level of the water is reputed to be at
least forty feet below the level of the
sea about the island. It has no ap
parent affluent or effluent, vet the
waters are always fresh and cool. It
is believed the lake is. fed by some sub
terranean passage, leading out under
the bay from the Istrain Alps, possibly
from Monte Maggiore itself.
Nature's Attic.
" 'Did 'Red Hot* Frost ever buck at
a phoney game in his life?' says 'Red
Hot.' 'Lead me to it.'
"Well, sir, would you believe it; but
'Red Hot' nestled down next to that
game, and before the night was over
he was $700 to the good. When he got
up to go he turns to the banker and
speaks right out:
" 'I'm sorry that little pin in the faro
box wouldn't work to-night. When
you want to come the game of delay
ing the cards with the little pin you
want to have one guaranteed to work
overtime. Some day when I have time
I will teach you a trick about a faro
box that skins the little pin game
alive.' "
" 'Well, Frost," says the friend, 'I can
lead you to a faro deal, but it is abso
lutely phoney. Everybody knows that
they don't run a straight game.*
"One day 'ried Hot' dropped off into
Tomb«tDne with plenty of time and
some money on his hanls and he im
mediately begnn to hunt up a gambling
game. About that tlma there had been
a wave of reform in that lovely ham
let of Arizona,. and nearly everything
was closed up, ind 'Red Hot' had si
most given up the idea cf gotting inro
a game when he mer a friend and toJd
him of his trouble.
"Yes, old 'Red Hot* Frost was a man
who was Just born to luck." The con
ductor slipped his lantern off his arm
and dropped down Into the cushioned
seat fcr a little rest.
"You see 'Red Hot' was a conductor
back on the Albuquerque division Tor
a great many years, and he knew that
country like a book, as weli as all the
short-card men and faro bankers west
of the Arkansas River. 'Frost's luck'
came to be known fill over throe Slates
and as many Territories as the ex
pression for Just pure, blind luck— the
kind that hits you in the face whether
you will or not.
"Red X H ot's" Luck.
A curious and most interesting cass
is now .before a Colorado court. A'
gentleman from that peerless common
wealth, it seems, has recently been
tarrying at one of the health resorta
for which it is famous. He quaffed
long and copiously of the springs, in
the hope of recovering: from what ailed
him and, so far as the record with,
succeeding in getting well. But with
returning health he made the sad dis
covery that one of the supreme joys
of his life had been destroyed. For
years he had t-«en accustomed to an
occasional "nip" or two at various
hours oi the day, delighting in the re
sulting sense of rest^and mild exhil
aration that adjusted >.is being nicely
to the realities of life ami rescued hi3
soul from melancholy. The only draw
back to the health resortj indeed, was
the absence of Colorado tanglefoot, and
his returning health was doubly wel
come in anticipation of the little time
that he would have in celebrating his
return to the comforts of home. But,
alas! on entering the first thirst em
porium he discovered that his system,
put out of tune at the health resort,
positively abhorred whisky. He had
been surreptitiously railroaded into tee
totalism! He therefore brought suit
for $23,000 damages, and the .ease is on.
This, we believe, is the' first attempt
to obtain legally an exact appraisement
of the monetary value of a vigorous
thirst. Hitherto that thirst haa been
regarded as worse than worthless.—
Newark Times.
Value of a Thirst.
norance.
During th$ past few days there has bcen-held in the
Mechanics' Pavilion a pure food exposition under the
auspices of the Retail Grocers' Association. Visitors
who have attended the display have been offered the
opportunity to see for themselves what a good, pure food
product was and to make comparison between that and
many of the articles that have long held place on their
pantry shelves unworthily. A general campaign against
food adulterations, official or otherwise, is at all times
in order. It can never be effective until all consumers
awake to the dangers that, are constantly threatening
them and unite through common- knowledge of the frauds
to bring about their speedy termination.
NOT long ago a professor in the agricultural de
partment of the University of Nebraska analyzed
every known brand of tomato catsup, with the re
sult that in 90 per cent of them he discovered the basis
of the condiment to be good old yellow pumpkin, colored
and flavored to fool the consumer. Again in another
State of the East an investigator made the discovery
that in the low grades, of coffee there were three' beans
made of. dough to every one of nature's own product —
a discovery by the way which had its precursor in our
own city several years ago. Thus the tale runs of glu
cose honey, spices made of wood dust, and fruit pre
serves thatMiave nothing fruity about them save the
coloring.
Our pure food experts recognize two classes of food
frauds: the one that substitutes for the ostensible
article another which is cheaper but not necessarily de
leterious to the health of the consumer? and the one
that makes use of poisonous substances deliberately for
the purposes of preserving or giving color to the food
compound foisted upon the market. In the first instance
the adulteration is very often performed with foodstuffs
every whit as nourishing as the real article — beef fat,
glucose and pumpkin have their high percentages of
nutriment; no harm is thus done the consumer save that
of simple fraud. But in the case of adulterants poisonous
in their nature the public is being daily endangered by
"prescrvalines" and the like, which are nothing more or
less than formaline, a poisonous chemical compound.
Mineral coloring fluids containing arsenic and lead salts
arc not uncommon a'dulterants; unhealthy yeast ferments
and mineral "quick-rising" powders add their quota to
the danger.' -'.
OfTcoursc our officials of the Department of Agri
culture at Washington and the scientists of the agricul
tural experiment stations in every State are unceasing in
their endeavors to root out the evils of fraudulent foods.
State laws obtain nearly everywhere making it a crime
to sell adulterated foods under false labels, and boards of
health in all our large cities concern themselves with the
same problem. But the same old food frauds continue in
the most ingenious guises. If the company flooding the
market with adulterations does comply with the law in
the matter of placing on the package of the prepared
food offered for Sale an analysis of its chemical contents,
it will cover this statement with a filigree work of design
or hide it under the smallest of possible type, and the
indulgent consumer goes on his way in blissful ig-
OLD FOOD FRAUDS.
gained in Manchuria.
Until very recently the Russians were profuse in
promise-but poor in performance as far as their prow
ess as soldiers is. concerned, but they have now shown
the world that they can inilict horrifying damage upon
their enemy even if it be at the cost of their own lives.
Japan is buying with terrific cost every foot of ground
. HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
* 'l HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN", LONDON, April 26.— Few
if any of London's c-ostly survivals 01
eut-of-date regulations ere more strik
ing than that to which attention has
just been called and which involves
the payment of an annual tax of $24,-
Q'jQ by the public for the maintenance
"of a military force which for upward of
half c century has ceased to retain
oven ihe- ftemblance of an existence.
The tax was firct levied in the reign
t>f King Charles II under an act
which provided for the raisins of COO
men to keep order in the city of Lon
don. Of the €00 each ward was re
q'jiif-'J to maintain a certain number,
eighteen being Cornhlll'B share. Al
though generally called by the ancient
niim? of trained bands, the force was
ollieia'.ly designated the Royal City of
London Militia. Just when the force
V3s disbanded that storehouse of
musty records, the War Office, would
" i-roLably be unable to tell. For fifty
years ncn*> of the wards have raised
their quotu cf men. but with that blind
submission to hoary customs which is
.haracteristS"- of British authorities,
the tax has been paid year after year
without any kick. Now, at last, some
one has appeared audacious enough to
• content the legality of the exaction.
TI14? Loru "Mayor, whose own func
tions constitute one of the most strik
ing illustrations of the rurvjval of an
tique customs in London, was appealed
to and of course decided that the tax
T\ould ha\e to be paid. An appeal has
been taken against his decision and
* the matter is to be .fought out in the
courts. /
The pxesont beneficiaries of the tax
. are the Militia Battalion of the Sev
enth Royal Fusiliers, though why the
money should be bestowed on them is
another archaic mystery. It is expend
ed in all sorts of queer ways. Items
\ such as whitewashing the barracks and
. coronation illuminations, which cost
?I20, figure in the accounts. But most
surprising of all appears an annual
.payment of $1250 to the secretary of
the fund. Sinecures' exist in London
•.that would make an American poli
tician turn green with envy.
t For nearly fourteen years no ser
vice has been held at St. George's
Church, Botolph's lane, in the heart of
the city. In 1891 the roof was dis
«• covered to be unsafe and the Bishop
of London ordered the building closed,
as... there were no funds available to
defray the cost of its repair. Recently
it was sold for business purposes.
But during all this time its rector, the
Rev. Dr. Maccoll. has been drawing a
salary of $3000 a year and doing ab
solutely nothing to earn it, living
meanwhile at Ripon, where he is
canon of the cathedral and in receipt
of another substantial income. Justi
fied by such an illustrious example, It
is not surprising that for the same
• period the parish clerk has had no
compunctions of conscience about
pocketing $200 a year for services that
he never rendered; that the beadle has
taken annually S1D0 a year from the
parish for merely signing the receipt
for his salary, and that the humble
cJrgan blower has continued to draw
SCO a year for doing nothing. Yet
¦within the Church of England it is
stated on high authority there are no
loss than 7000 "starvation livings."
Soft London Snaps.
posed. The compound, which was In
vented by Professor Shlmose. is of
much greater explosive force than gun
cotton or dynamite. Whereas, a shell
with a bursting charge of the com
pounds ordinarily used In Europe 13
broken Into comparatively small num
ber of fragments, the majority of which
are scattered through a very limited
arc, the Shlmose explosive shatters
the projectile Into from . 2000 to 3000
pieces, which are driven In every di
rection with equal force, so that noth
ing'can live in the vicinity.
It is claimed that, in spite of its
tremendous power, the powder can bo
handled with perfect safety. It also
has the advantage of cheapness, its
cost belns about half that of gun cot
ton.
rr-* HE Democratic sons of harmony are an odd. lot.
I Mr. Belmont wants harmony and went up to
* Washington to find it. While he was experiment
ing with his tuning fork Mr.' Hearst went at him with
his pitchfork and told him to his face and in large type
that he is a predatory and improper person, of the kind
doomed to the county jail ' and unhappiqess when Mr.
Hearst gets settled in Lincoln's boots and the White
House. Then Mr. Villard of the New York Post sought
harmony editorially in that old and interesting publica
tion, whereupon Mr. Hearst accused Mr. Villard of rob
bing his sister and sympathizing with Grove Johnson.
It is supposed that the origin of the aspiration for
harmony is to be found in Princeton, New Jersey, when
Mr. Cleveland is at home, and otherwise wherever the
fish arc biting when he is not. This supposition is dis
quieting to Mr. Bryan and no less so to Mr. Hearst.
When the sounds of Democratic contention cease and a
harmonious silence falls blandly and peacefully as a love
ly sunset, Mr. Bryan and Mr. Hearst both stick their
fingers in their ears and cry out, "Who made that si
lence? It's Cleveland."
Mr. „ Cleveland has a sense of humor, and in his old
age it has not departed from him. A leading actor in
the events that were staged for history in the last cen
tury, he bore strange burdens and was a past master in
the gentle art of making friends and also enemies, and
they both stick to him like hotel pasters to a globe-trot
ter's trunk. One of the most serious crises of Mr.
Cleveland's second term was the weakly and anaemic
condition of the treasury. Mr. Cleveland and Mr. Car
lisle were watching nights with the gold reserve when
it was so sick it could not sit up and notice things, and
really the national credit was getting ready to quit the
job. Of course men differ as to the cause of this. Some
say it was due to a falling off in revenues caused by
tariff tinkering, and others that the endless chain of
greenback redemption was drawing out gold and the
President couldn't stop it. Whatever the cause, it was
the plain duty of the President to preserve the public
credit and save the Government from bankruptcy. Upon
this all were agreed.
Mr. Cleveland tried to get his party to help him pre
vent national insolvency, but it said unto him, "Ha! hall
go to. The public credit is to us no more than a tinker's
dam, which is made of wet bread. We are for green
backs, poor silver and well executed counterfeit cur
rency. Go chase yourself around the White House lot."
Whereupon Mr. Cleveland, having only a few Jiours left
before the last riches in the treasury would take to them
wings and fly away, proceeded to ring in a hurry call for
J. Picrpont Morgan, August Belmont and the few others
who had not been sent to the poorhouse by the hard
times, and using what little legal authority he had, and
a lot of patriotic sand, persuaded them to give up a few
millions to save the treasury.
It was borrowing money in time of peace, and Mr.
Bryan, who up to that time had never had more than
$4 75. denounced it as a crime. He could not have bor
rowed $io himself, and took it as personally offensive
that a President whom he disliked could borrow $60,000,
000 between sundown and sunrise. •
Mr. Cleveland's offense in the eyes of Bryan and
Hearst seems to have been that when he wanted money
he went to the men who had it, instead of appealing to
those who had none. The country was full of busted
bankers, and Mr. Cleveland was expected to borrow of
them instead of going to Mr. Morgan and Mr. Belmont,
who were still solvent.
The ex-President has just printed a too long but very
lucid and satisfactory explanation of his action. It is in
the interest of harmony, to soothe the sore heart of the
Democracy by proving that the only President it has
elected since 1856 was not a common thief. But just
look at the effect on Mr. Hearst! He declares it to be
a defense of ' Mr. Belmont, who has been proved over
the longest leased wire to be outside the almshouse and
jail when he should be in both. Mr. Hearst writes and
prints in vitriol his opinion of Mr. Cleveland. He also
declares and' does it boldly that Mr. Belmont is the agent
of Rothschild! That settles it that we are to have Roth
schild in this campaign. Harmony may pack her thing3
and go.
Dr. Beverly Cole, the late dean of.
the Medical Department of the Univer
sity of California, at times during the
last years of his life was troubled
with a loss of memory. It greatly em
barrassed him and he strove to hide
the fact that his great mind was slow
ly but surely giving way before the
weight of his years. He did not al
ways succeed, greatly to his chagrin.
It was only a few. months before his
death that he had a little experience
that brought home to him the fact that
he was getting old.
It happened in this way: One Sun
day, when he was awaiting the arrival
of an important letter, it dawned upon
him that mall was not delivered on
Sundays. He accordingly went to the
postofflce station nearest his home, and
took his place In line with the fifty or
more people on the same errand as
himself. When he reached the window
he asked if there was any mall for
him. The man at the window handed
him a slip of paper and a pencil and
said: "Step over to the desk and write
your name. Next."
Dr. Cole withdrew and went to the
desk as directed. He started to write
and suddenly stopped. He bit the pen
holder, scratched his. head, looked
sheepish, and finally swore and drop
ped the pen. Then he picked it up
again, but without better results. He
could not remember who he was and it
was only when an acquaintance step
ped up and said "Good morning, Doc
tor," that he regained the use of his
faculties. Then in a rapid manner he
wrote Dr. Beverly Cole, stepped over
to the window, handed in the slip and
got the letter he was looking for.
Forgot His Name.
MORE HARMONY.
Conscious that he must look very
ridiculous, Mr. Gilbert essayed to re
move the hat. But the King, thinking
that the artist wished to uncover in
ceremonial salutation, insisted upon
his retaining that article. Repeatedly,
when he suspected that the King was
not looking, Mr. Gilbert tried to dis
encumber himself of the hat, but his
Majesty always caught him in the act
and smilingly urged him to restore the
headgear. — London Mail.
Mr. Gilbert, so the story goes, seized
his silk hat instead of his coat. Then
when the King entered the workroom
the sculptor realized that he was wear-
Ing a silk hat and a long apron and
that his ghii t sleeves were still tucked
up.
vated taste in art. But that Is not to
be wondered at." said Mr. Fuchs. "for
lie has lived among the great creations
at Buckingham Palace, Windsor, Marl
borough House and Sandringham. Sur
rounded daily by the best in the world
of art, his Majesty quickly detects the
poor or the mediocre." ;>'»'¦£
John Longstan* furnishes an interest
ing account of his experiences while
painting the King's portrait at Buck
ingham Palace. The unfinished picture
hung in the palace studio.
"After a little time, and without any
warning." says the Australian artist,
"the door opened and in walked the
King, followed by an equerry, who
came forward and introduced me. The
King went up to the picture and, after
looking at it attentively, turned and
remarked that it looked 'very digni
fied.' Looking again, he made a sug
gestion in reference to one portion, and
stood beside the frame so that a com
parison might be made. I made sev
eral notes, after which the and
I gazed at one another for a, few mo
ments, during which I rapidly made
mental memoranda."
When in town the King occasionally
drops into the studio of some artist
engaged upon a picture he is Inter
ested in. One of these surprise visits
he recently paid to Alfred Gilbert, R.
A., whQ at the time was working upon
a statue of the Queen. Mr. Gilbert had
his shirt sleeves rolled up and was
wearing an apron when an assistant
burst in upon him with the announce
ment, '•The King is coming!"
takably strong. Columns of space are devoted by some
of the country dailies to the coming celebration that is
yet more than two months distant. This is not excep
tional. One day a notice appears in- a paper in the north
ern part of California. The next day an article of similar
import may be found in a journal published in the upper
end of the San Joaquin Valley.
The advantage of this is mainly its effect upon the
minds of the boys and girls. • So many topics are now
taught in the schools that there is not great time for any
one. History*is a part of the course of public education
in many grades, but American history is not taught as
thoroughly as it might be. There ought to be no topic
more engrossing to the American boy and the American
girl than the story of American independence. When
the significance of that is lost* American patriotism will
be harder to define. Therefore it is well that the interior
shall continue, year after yyr, to make much of the
Fourth of July. It is an example which. the cities might
profitably emulate proportionately to their population.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY .8, 1004.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . . . ...„. . .."Ac dress AH Commtmicattoin to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
rublicatlon Office ...'. ••• Third and Market Streets. S. F.
SUNLAY .. : . ...:....:...... . . . MAY 8, 1904
Special Information supplied dally co
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 CaL.
Iforaia street. Telephone Mala 10*1. •
Townscnd's California Olace fruits rn
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st."
This wrote gen. eyeglasses, specs "0<
60c. SI 4th. front Kev West Oys. House.*
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
32parents of the child have been sepa
rated for some time and there has
been a question over guardianship.
BERKELEY, May 7.— For- the
sacred concert to be given , In the
Greek theater to-morrow afternoon at
4:80 o'clock for the benefit of the stu
dents' clubhouse fund the commit
tee in charge has arranged an
excellent « programme. It will be
given under the direction of Dr.
H. J. Stewart. The soloists will
be Miss Caroline Halstead Little, so
prano; Mrs. L. Snider- Johnson, con
tralto; S.» Homer Henley, barytone;
John Marquardt, violinist, and
Madame Marquardt, , harpist. The
University Glee Club will sing . one
number. Following is the programme
to be carried out: V
I Overture. in E (Max Bruch) ; aria,
"O God, Have Mercy," St. Paul (Men
delssohn), S. Homer Henley;* recita
tive and aria, "Angels Ever Bright and
Fair" (Handel), Miss Caroline Hal
stead Little; harp solo, "Cascade"
(Zabel), , Madame Marquardt; part
song, "Reveries" (Storch), University
Glee Club; aria, "Joan of Arc" (Bom
berg), .Mrs. L. . Snider- Johnson; violin
solo, Largo iftiandel), John Marquardt;
Greek Theater Will Echo to Song and
Note for Benefit of Student
- Clnbs.
CONCERT TO PROVIDE
MONEY FOR LOAN FUND
Forty-two new steel bridges are now
under construction along the great
trans-Siberian Tailroad. These bridges
are all of Russian make.
BERKELEY. May 7. — Chicken
cholera, that dread disease that has
been a destructive element among the
poultry ranches of California, is not
such a terror after all, providing that
it is dealt with quickly and intelli
gently. At least that is what Profes
sor A. R. Ward, professor of veterin
ary science and bacteriology at j the
University of California says about it,
and he ought to know, for only re
cently he saved the poultrymen of
Marln County from large loss by
crushing out an epidemic that had be
gun among their fowls.
In a bulletin issued at the university
to-day Professor Ward discussed the
cause, effect and cure of the disease.
The results of observation, he says,
showed that the disease is introduced
into the body through 'food and water
infected with bacteria. To prevent
contamination the roosts must be dis
infected, the feeding and water
troughs cleansed daily and the col
onies moved to fresh ground. Infec
tion through the water is prevented
by placing a' weak solution of corro
sive sublimate in the fountains. The
prompt slaughter and disposal of all
sick chickens is necessary to prevent
a spread of the disease. In conclusion
Professor Ward says that the evidence
"oes to show that chicken cholera is
comparatively easy to control.
Professor A. U. Ward of University
Tells How Poultrymcn Must-Deal
With the Disease.
SAYS CIIICKEX CHOLERA
IS NOT HARD TO COXTROIi
eong, "The Lords of Song" (Stewart),
S. Homer Henley; songs, "Bible Songs"
(Dvorak), Miss Caroline Halstead Lit
tle; orchestra, "Procession to the Min
ster," Lohengrin (Wagner).
¦ The students' clubhouse fund, which
is the cause for which the concert is to
be given, is designed for the use of
clubs of students desiring to furnish
their houses in a suitable manner.
Left for Father's Home.
* OAKLAND, May 7.— Miss Birdie
McGinnis, who left the home of her
mother at DOS Telegraph avenue yes
terday, is on the way to visit her
father at Fresno. This much waa set
tled by. the police to-day. Mrs. Mc-
Comb, a family friend, says that the
young lady visited her residence short
ly before her departure and stated her
intentions. Mrs. McComb's daughter
saw Miss McGinnis safely started. The
police have been trying to head her
off by telegraph, but she is in hiding
somewhere and it is supposed that the
father will come to meet her. ' The
The following matches were played:
Sidney Salisbury and Frank String
ham beat Harry Rolfe and Harry But
ler, 6-4, 2-6, 6-2, 7-5; Grant Smith and
Dr. Hill beat Frank Mitchell and Her
bert Long, 5-7. C-3, 6-2; Will Allen
and Tracy Crawford, tied, 4-6, 6-4;
Merle Johnson and Crawford beat
Harry Haight and Charles Kuehn, 6-2,
6-3, 6-0; Hardy brothers beat Drs. Hill
and McChesney, 6-3, 6-3, 6-0, 6-8;
Haight tied Johnson, 6-2, 4-6;
Prltchard and Koehler beat the Lisser
brothers, 6-4, 6-1, 6-1, 6-4; Long beat
Allen, 7-5; Dr. Noble and Pritchard
beat Lisser brothers, 6-4, 6-1; W. S.
MacGavin tied Long, 6-4, 3-6.
Tracy Crawford and Allen played
two sets, in which the honors were
evenly divided, each winning a 6-4 set.
Haight and Johnson also played a
tie. Haight won the first set, 6-2, and
Johnson the second, 6-4.
In the singles the matches did not
go over two sets, as the courts were in
great demand. Herbert Long beat
Will Allen in a fast one-set match.
Long next played the veteran W. S.
MacGavin. The latter caused quite
a surprise by playing a tie with his
younger opponent. MacGavin's strokes
are as good as ever, but he is a little
shy on wind and speed.
Sidney Salisbury and Frank String
ham proved too strong for Harry
Rolfe and Harry Butler. The best the
latter could do was to win one set out
of four.
Merle Johnson and Tracy Craw
ford had any easy time beating Harry
Haight and Charles Kuehn. The last
named player could not stand the pace
set by the other three, although he
was at his best.
The California Tennis Club courts
were in great demand yesterday, as
most of the crack players turned out
for practice. Some high-class matches
were played in both singles and dou
bles, but the latter were more num
erous o"n account of the number of
players in waiting.
The feature was the reappearance |
of the Hardy brothers as a team, j
Sumner has been playing several times i
a month of late, but Sam has been out
of the game for some time. Sumner
is playing almost as well as ever, while :
rfam appears to have gone back but !
little. In a four set match with Drs. j
Hill and McChesney. the ex-champions !
easily carried of£ the honors despite !
the fact that the medical men played !
excellent tennis. The Hardys won the j
first three sets, the third being a love
set, and lost the fourth. I
Another fast doubles was that in j
which Dr. Hill and Grant Smith de- ¦
feated Frank Mitchell and Herbert !
L,ong. Smith and Hill lost the first set
after having a good lead, but won the
next two easily. Hill played a bril
liant net game in the last two sets and
was the star of the four. Mitchell and I
Long will play together in the tourna- j
ment to-day and are one of the strong
est teams entered. .
Tennis Ex-Champions Defeat Drs. Hill
and McChcsney on the Cali
fornia Courts Cleverly.
ILVRDY BROTHERS APPEAR
IX THEIR OLD-TIME FORM
Yale Man Vaults Twelve Feet.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. May 7. — Yale
won the annual spring track garaes
with Princeton on Yale field to-day
In a meet a* successful In point of In
terest for the spectators and in point
of records as any held here for many
years. The star performance was the
pole vault by W. McLanahan, 1905, of
Yale, who vaulted a clean twelve feet
in exhibition. This is two Inches and
a fraction less than the world's record
held by Dole of Stanford.
Two" other records for Yale-Prince
?nri dimi n-n»^ts were also made. John
R. Dewltt of Princeton threw the six
teen-pound hammer 164 feet 6%
Inches, coming close to his best per
formance In the intercollegiate meet
Pv. T. Glass, the Yale football guard,
put the shot 46 feet 3% inches, beat
ing: the record made in the Yale dual
meet by Fred Beck, who holds the
Intercollegiate record.
The use of electric lighting in New
York State alone has increased over
2000 per cent in ten years and the use
of electricity for power has increased
in the decade almost 1200 per cent.
Dr. J. F. Dillon was hurriedly called
in, but the woman was past all medi
cal aid. "When he heard of Mrs. Tibbet's
symptoms Dillon became suspicious
and notified the Southern police sta
tion that he feared the woman had
died of poisoning. Detective Ryan was
detailed on the case. He arrested Pen
der, Doherty and Mrs. Aitken and
placed their names on the detinue
book pending the result of an autopsy.
Detective Ryan thinks Mrs. Tibbet died
of alcoholism. He says the four peo
ple had been drinking heavily for some
time.
The dead woman was 37 years of age
and has a son, Harry V. Tibbet, resid
ing at 123^ East First street, Los An
geles, and a cousin. Miss Opal Camp
bell, living in Redlands. The dead
woman is said to have been divorced
from her husband for some time.
The police are Investigating the sus
picious death of Mrs. Mary Tibbet, who
died last night at 8 o'clock in the room
of a lodging-house at 214 Perry street.
The people that were with the woman
at the time of her death were taken into
custody and held.pending an Investiga
tion into their connection, if any, with
the mysterious death of Mrs. Tibbet.
The dead woman was divorced from
her husband and had been living with
a man named Joseph Pender^ a porter
employed at the Railroad Exchange
saloon, .6DS Fourth street. She and
Pendcr, another woman named Mrs.
Aitken and Bernard Doherty, a marine
fireman, residing at 39 Madison avenue,
had been together for the last few days,
drinking heavily.
Mrs. Tibbet and Pender went out
together Friday night. They went to
the store of C. Saladin, 347 Third
street. "While there they drank some
steam beer and Mrs. Tibbet ate some
beans. Yesterday all day she vom
ited constantly and complained of se
vere pains in her stomach. Shortly
before 8 o'clock last night she entered
Pender's room and said that her stom
ach felt as though it were full of
glass. In a' few minutes she died in
great agony.
Physician Fears Foul Play,
but Detective Kyan Thinks
End Was Due to Drink
SEAECHING FOE A CAUSE
Police Investigating the
Strange Demise of Mrs.
Tibbet on Perry Street
MYSTERY VEILS
WOMAN'S DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 190#.
33
The breath of life that in-
duces refreshing sleep can be
had in the cool outside rooms
advertised to-day.
Rend the ROOMS TO I^ET COL-
UMNS — Then Investigate.
i. ADVEBTISEMENTa
Sw STOMACH ,«»
Don't expect to enjoy good health
as long as the stomach is weak.
That's impossible.
Strengthen it with the Bitters and"
good health is assured..
It always cures Poor Appetite,
Heartburn, Indigestion, Dyspepsia
and Liver Complaints: Give it a' trial.
ADVEBTISEICENTS^ _ _¦.-_..¦_: ------
SALE OF DRESS GOODS
French Novelty Dress Patterns. I $in
Regular values $15 to $20. Special....] 1U(OU
French Novelty Dress Patterns. 1 SiK HO
Regular values $2Z50to§27.50. Special/ l^- u^
French Novelty Dress Patterns. \ c^n r\ft
Regular values $30 to $40. Special . . . . j u * uu
>^ Composts Kearkt Sts*
APVEKTlSK31IirNTS.
PROMPT RELIEF,PERMANENT CURE
Suffering Is Instantly Relieved by the Great
Electro-Chemic Treatment. ;
Health and Strength Are Regained in an Incredibly
Short Time and Cures Are Permanent.
Trom all parts of the State and from distant State* patient! seriouily
Kick from diseases that are incurable under the elder methods of treatment are
coming 1 to the Electro-Chemic In«titute in San Francisco to "be cured Quickly,
pataleasly a=.d cheaply by the wonderful Electro-Chemic treatment. The Elec-
"tro-Chemic treatment is well known in San Francisco, and San Francisco people
are filling the oflcei daily and the fame of this wonderful treatment is spread-
ing- so rupiaiy that patients are comine from great distances to take advan-
tage cf its wonderful curative qualities. The following- testimonials plainly
tfhow what Electro-Clictnistry is accomplishing*. "We have hundreds of testi-
xnculals frcin women who have been cured of serious maladies after medical
treatment and sv.rjrical operations have failed. We have not the space to-day to
putojish these testimonials from women, but they will be published from time
to ti:ne in this paper.
-. JUDGE B. H. "/f.-Ziz ; '^^^?^)
"¦ HO ETON, V^'^'^^^M
¦ 1 Wharton, Texas
*'¦'"'. ¦'''.'¦ Cured of Cancc l^^^^^mB
/%»«. -^iiM^ " ' '' ' of ma °>* year' 2£*3|;$ : 'S^m ¥ :
• ¦ y^S ¦-%>'-/ ¦ standing by Elec §^f$i$f\£^
V? " jpi~ . ; ' tro-ChemiBtry, aft- ¦ 'C ji' ; Js^y^\j^
-" l*^ ' "' -^ §&V ' all other treatment //>
-*?'y C$fr *' [ an(i surgery hn •'¦ : '£mf&ti--W*>-' : ''--
- * fe'. _ ' "
t|V; ,' \x FREE CONSULTATION, EXAMINA-
-"^aHsaBsaMMMirfniTmir will iBim ™iir Electro-Chemic X-Ray Examination J
MS. S. B. CUTTING, w m show your real trouble and Electro- ,
Sasta Cruz, CaL Chemistry will probably cure you. Come
Cured of Rheumatism, Kidney, Blafl- whne this wonderful examination and
fier and Prostatic Trouble by Electro-
Chemistry. treatment is free. |: ;
H3. 2EEMAK W^^mMW^" I
'V^b. .«m 2425 Fourth St., E.^'*-^^'-^ : ¦
IIUniL I IILH I III Llj 1 1 MMJim£i : '' ¦ ''MMzmil
Th* Electro-Chemic homo treatment is '.'".•' ;' .'¦'.• m^^^^
h» successful as the ofTiCfi treatmrnt, but H mB it \', ; ¦>¦¦•> : ; • ¦,? -^^^^^^
5t takes a little longer time to aecom- B 89 ife: ' ' :^^^^^^^
pllsh the same results. VTe loan an ex- h t& Igf . . "¦<
pensive Electro-Chemic apparatus for S H j^ft '. \ *£sr$?fc'$H^^>p
. home treatment free to outside patients. •¦^¦¦^¦K**-* ~~'~M+u&m*eeMtJUaLB2»
Come for a personal examination if pos- MB « JACOB BQTAN,
slhle. If you canr.ot do so. write for Colma, Cal.
full information re g ar dJr . e home exam-
irration and treatment. Chenoistry.
,?<Z?-~ ELECTRO-CHEMIC
,&*&&%§£& SPECIALTIES.
•^/f' *&$ The reason why the Electro-Chemic
J-vjf _^y treatment is so popular with all patients
W -^Ca^StVTji wl)O have taken it is because the cura-
r i^'r' tlve rJ^ ects are s0 Prompt. Right from
<**" . .V f\r mtl the very start of the treatment the ma-
YiT^\ . / tSvanwZ jority of cases show wonderful progress.
>\ '.i^S^^MJ Thls ls particularly so in Catarrh, Con-
f '*?£,*. %fi''ij$%x&Sf sumption. Asthma, Bronchitis, Deafness,
'£'-'*£^+'' > Bintrinflr Ears, Discharging- and Painful
Z3*&*K t •t^ift $c^ Ears, Diseases of the Stomach, Liver,
fif/vtsSfi '' / if I ""* Kidneys and Bowels, Piles,. Fistula, Dis-
v\*Mir-' ( ' . eases of the Nervous System, Eheuma-
¦tjf'jjg&r*) •£ % J\^ titm, neuralgia, Locoaiotor Atazia and
jj&t*? • . \ v t\ CffiiW- Paralysis. In special diseases of women,
. . /<''"--A^> •>•' /¦ k >ic*2**^*7- Tumors. Cancers, TJlcers, Ovarian Ab-
' /VXj>'/. K/i.w^J' fisS*^^^ sces«, Misplaced Org-ans, Painful and Ir-
fY.<f :¦ ftA^ v /i^a^^SiJ/ regular Periods. In special diseases of
F*3£}9C f^S'tS^'iS Men. Weakness, Prostatitis, Varicocele,
F*^K Strictura and Herve Exhauttion.
\ *^vV tHft^ «f We bave separate and private apart-
• » n* ments for our lady and gentleman pa-
tients, and to all sufferers, no matter
SB. M. J,. BAZTKS. what their trouble may be, we extend a
Columbia. JOlss. cordial Invitation to call upon us for
Cured of Cancer of twenty years' Free Consultation, Examination and
standing by Electro-Chemistry. Trial Treatment.
THE ELECTRO=CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 GRANT AVE., CORNER POST ST.
SAW FRANCISCO.
Ottce Zosrs — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m, daily. Sundays 10am. to 1 p. m.
.Separate Apartments for Ladies and Gentlemen. <
•; •-• ADVERTISEMENTS. ..._ .- - r . -,-,-..; .
Take advantage of our liberal terms and have a home of J^^i G . ood u gOods ?¦' IOV £ f^%^ If i^t're" Each
your own. It is our earnest endeavor to make the new store /vT^ ©2^ creasing the prestige o the Store on the Square bach ot
an exemplary institution A5S3 V\ °« r ei 5 ht floors \ s - fi led tO °, vcrflowm S .^ lth the • V nftln
We utilize every practical V thought for Us betterment. fiST T \A market affords. This is a supp ,ly cen ter w h " c !^ ia o att t C J;
Our Standards, are high and prices low, and, best of all, ]&^£^~l tion at all times and under all conditions ij given to. the
"Your Credit is Good?" W4»T lW?&7 mOSt ncccssary points, quality and low price*.
Leather Bocker — Solid Parlor Cabinet — Ma- Solid Oak Bocker — &r ?»„»,» *
comfort. Full spring frame, hogany finish. Exceed- Cobbler seat. Spindle chiffonier — Solid liadle.' Desk — Quar terea Dres.er — Solid oak.
Best steel springs. Uphol- ingly graceful design. back . Rigidly made. oak. golden finish oak V-eathered • I wl t^^. golden finish. Quartered
stered in a high grade of Back embellished with Highly Five ¦ SP^f ?idS holes and drawers. Nothing top. Bevel plate mirror.
Spanish leatli- (Pill!- three bevel fflO I'" n nif«hPd |>/1ir Iff^i nlate mirror", more artistic than the Mission The acme of
™^:::i .. $4L25 f^^ $2J5 5f| $165 S|pS$ $9.75 $16.35
« . lL_^ £^y_ • Extension Table— Solid oak. golden L U BtngU Bed— Spring' and mattress, eora-
Three-Plece Bedroom Suit— Golden finish, excel- finish; 6-foot draw; 6 legs, four with slBlaf On»ir— J>lete. White enamel bed. angle iron side
lent grade of cabinet work. Dresser has $*q aj- claw feet. Rigidly braced «q *m Solid oak. golden Ar rail. Rigidly made. Good fr k f -
»^^^lf^f^ $18.'5, Highly 1 : 58.35 gnig.^c.ne^t. 95 C %^
jMk. *** fADPPTQ A- profu- nPAPFPV *1 .ipgaSe^ 31
sion of oVSri^n t K f . . nnwn Wz^m * wqpv
%&*r- ~ WPZ*& .. Our Drapery Department is in UUfMl 2 VYooK
W&^^^^^M^^ { Carpet elegance. More the hands of experts who are al- TJBJSffiP _^
Sa^^J^S^H^? niH^rnQ thin thp mnqf wa Y s ? lad to sh ° w you the goods 0iS=^!^^^&^ SSSa '
Patterns man tile mOSt an d assist you in carrying out a <5^W^^^^^^^^jy
msM' ]^^Wm J W^ exacting taste could wish f^™^^™*^ JSto°°n^
ffilHifi 1 !' to inspect. All new and ruffled'swiss ojrtains-^'.
fr^d-l inH if tiiP fiirP«lt wide. 3 yard. ton B . An cx«Uent grade
*^\<M&WMr* V TfiV^t \ llt - i>11 tlllLl <IL LilC ldllcM of material. Price, pet pair &1 AA
Wi^^^^^^^^Mi P rices - Home furnishers two-toned summer curtains
-~ -~- J -*wrTB« T *'* f * i V JfU o ln\^p fnr fhp Kpoii —Four designs to choose from. AT- i^^i'i?^ n
'WlLll.d lUVC 1UI LUC UCdU- Full size and width. Perpair.... ydC l^T^ %!
To*** Bed_ So iid oak. gold- tiful and artistic are fairly cable net • curtains -£f*« §^
on finish, paneled front and -^raYtrsrx It-» iUa, nnrr>.a¥ a,]* t? i!i i t jul j a a B«?»l BMdf— Will cut your fuel
sides decorated with heavy reVCling 111 LUC CarDCt eiC" Double lock stitch edge. A curtain lhat bill in half; every part guaranteed:
carving; complete. (TtA 7C 9. , , , > will give years cf service. Price, <M 7C can bc had wlth aa attachment If
with woven wire JMyJD VATXCe. QlSDlaVed U&Vd. cer cair ihZ./d desired. Investigate its many good
mattress; price V*/«'w.. gallic UlO^lrt^tU lltlC. per pair . . . points before purchasing.
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
H . P I The submission of the Pianola to the personality If
P and sentiment of the player renders it incomparably
i PIANOLA. superior to all other automatic piano-players.
§1 f In yesterday's paper's we told you about a lot of
» Chief. Among twenty or more Pianolas, which had been a little used,.
fi Them All. at prices reduced $25 to $100. Many of them have been
B ¦ sold. Remaining ones will be closed out
H % I ti Monday and Tuesday without reserve.
I j| J^|}«r| These Are Some of
I ¦^¦/fflmiiwhL the Prices:
M*2S"MJ *I25,*225,*I50,S200,
|r^^^^p\ $160, $185, S|65, $175
II U J $Z*«k } f&& " Every one ot these ls the genuine Pianola. Not on©
u tii i?^^SS»iarfiSrirti ££^u%$ ot them that does not iook uke new> We &u arantee
M \ L V^ji^^iH?S^^Hll / \ every one of them. Twelve pieces of music free with
a J$ K^^^S^Wry^K^t \ ) c M \ each " Nothlns add « d to these Prices if you buy on
H (^I^^V^AJ VnJ^T^ VA \ 'VjT Other piano-players are frequently offered at re- .
ll WifflmfeAjr W T/ duced P rices - but an opportunity to buy a real Plan- H
H /^ v \ ola at a clean savlng of nearl y or quIte ?10 ° l3 quita |f
M ' i • i? 'r^' ( f V. » * These bargain Pianolas will be found on our «ec-
p| — " \.l ond floor. Doors will be open at 0 a. m.
fl '—— — — I ¦•• . Cor. Post and Kearny Sts.,S.F.the will; that it was the work of cun
ning and designing persons anxious to
secure the wealth of the capitalist.
The contest was bitterly fought, but
Mrs. Muir and Mrs.; Curtis won the
fight, Judge Coffey, before whom the
case was tried, declaring the will a
valid ; document, .and one that had
been wholly written, signed and dated
by Davis. • • - .
The fact that the will - is missing
will not affect the rights of Mrs. Mulr
and Mrs. Curtis. \ They have the en
tire estate, numerous photographic
copies of the will are in existence (as
there were also of the Fair will) ami
the time has long since passed when
the discovery that the will Is missing
eould have any other effect than to
cause a slight flurry in the County
Clerk's office.
for the will on the part of Attorney
George Mastick,- one of the ' attorneys
for Lizzie Muir. arid Bell Curtis, devi
sees under the will and the succe33ful
litigants In the : long legal . battle that
followed tMgQg&tK'of Davis and the
offering p<%hls^wjll for probate.
. -The Davis jjrtilcflrst came into prom
inence- InX 1896^ the. year of Davis'
death. It y^ Offered A or probata by
Mrs."Muir Wk Sirs.- Curtis, nieces of
Davis' dece^BHwife, who In the will
v.'ere nam^S§M / devisees and who, at
the time .the will, was "Tiled, announced
that it had been found in the urn con
taining the ashes of Mrs. Davia.
A few weeks" later a sensational ef
fort to have it declared a forgery was
made by the Eastern relatives of Da
vis. They appeared in court and
charged that Davis had never made
The famous Jacob Z. Davis will, a
document, though it consists of only
three lines, disposed of an - estate
worth more than $1,000,000 and
caused litigation that extended over
a period of seven years, Is missing
from the County Clerk's office. Just
when it disappeared cannot be said,
though it is positive that it was not
in the vaults when County Clerk John
Grelf took charge, January 8 last.
This is evidenced by the finding in
the vault, where the will is supposed
to have been, of a memorandum con
taining these words: "See Piper."
The Piper referred to is Harry Pi
per, who, during the administration of
County Clerk Charles Curry, was
chief deputy of the office. Piper has
been seen, but he knows nothing of
the missing will and cannot recollect
having made any such memorandum
as that found in the place the will was
supposed to be. A thorough search of
the office, personally conducted by
County Clerk John Grelf during the
last two days, has been a fruitless one
and yesterday it was announced that
the Davis will, like the equally fa
mous will of James G. Fair, Is not to
be found.
The search was the result of inquiry
Memorandum Left by For
mer Deputy County Clerk
Only Clew to Testament
VAIN SEARCH IS MADE
Famous Document Which
Disposed of an Immense
Estate Missing From Files
CANNOT LOCATE
WILL OF DAVIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; SUNDAY, MAY S, 1004.
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Haight & Masonic av.*
- H- P. Forshberg. 1020 Shotwell
street, fell from a Kearny-street car
at the corner of Bush street yesterd>y
afternooa end sustained a deep lacera
tion of the scalp. \
Falls From a Streetcar.
Lieutenant Governor Alden Ander
son is the defendantin a suit for $5000
brought against him by Porter Bros.,
as trustees of Porter Bros., in liquida
tion. The suit is to recover money
alleged to have been advanced Ander
son by the firm in May, 1902.
Sue Lieutenant Governor.
Stock certificate! and seal . presses at short
notice. Edw. S. Knowles. 24 Second st. •
Postofflce Inspector Dennis Coyne
wen]t to Cordelia yesterday armed
with a warrant and arrested Charles
A. Jensen, postmaster at that place, on
a charge of being short In his ac
counts for a small sum. The tech
nical accusation is "for failing to de
posit funds of the United States in
the treasury." Jensen will be brought
to this city -for trial.
Postmaster Jensen Arrested.
An Interesting entertainment was
given last evening at Jefferson Square
Hall under the direction of the Jenne
Morrow Long College of Voice and
Action. Talented pupils of the insti
tution appeared in sketches and mon
ologues. The programme included
songs by Miss Genevieve McKinley and
Carlos M. Keller; a sketch. "Mrs. Wil
lis' Will," presented by Miss Pauline
I>ord. Mrs. W. P. Danley, Miss Pauline
Wright. Miss Morris Wagner and Miss
Helen Darling; a monologue by Mrs.
W. P. Danley; song and dance by
MIps Helen Darling and Paul Angelo,
j.nd monologue. •"A Young "Woman's
Kehearsal." by Miss Pauline Lord. The
numbers were excellently rendered
and enthusiastically received by the
appreciative audience. jjjQjj
Talented Pupils Entertain.
W. Th. Goethe left yesterday for a
six months' trip through the agricul
tural regions of Germany for the Cal
ifornia Promotion Committee with a
trunk full of California literature
More will be shipped to him at points
on the way. Mr. Goethe will lecture
before farmers* and gardeners' socie
ties. The principal points of the Jour
ney will be Hamburg, Berlin, Frank
furt, Erfurt. Stuttgart, Koln and Leip
zig. He will also make a number of
small excursions into the rural dis
tricts adjoining the cities.
To Talk California In Germany.
In consequence of the demand for
seats at the two Sembrich concerts be
ing greater pan the supply. Manager
Greenbaum has prevailed on the great
singer to give an extra recital next
Tuesday night, will positively be
her last. Seats Will bo on sale to-mor
row at Shorman. Clay & Co.'s. The fol
lowing will be the programme:
1. (a) Aria of Zerllna (Mozart), (from
"Don Giovsjini." "Battl. Batti"); (b) Mon
Ami (Marie Antoinette); (c) "I've Been
Iloamingr" 'Horn); fd) Der Kuss (Beeth
oven). 2. Piano <a> Rondo a Caprlccio.
Opus. 129 (Beethoven) (Rage over the
lost Groschen); (b) Scherzo In C sharp
minor (Chopin). 3. Alia from "Semlra
mide." "Bel Ragpio" (Rossini). Inter
mission. 4. (a) Oouvre tes Teux bleus
(Massenet); (b) Nicmand hat's gesehn
(Loewe): (c) Ich trage meine Minne
(Richard Strauss): (d) Kinderlied (Tau
bert): (e) Fruehlingszelt (R. Becker).
6. Plan© <a) Spinning Sons . (Wacner-
Liszt) (From "nylng Dutchman"); (b)
Isolde's Love Death (Wagner-Liszt). 6.
Aria from "La Sonnambula," "Ah, non
credea" (Bellini). •
Another S<rmbrlch Concert.
Perry claims to have been a witness
to Noonan's will, which, he says, dis
poses of an estate worth nearly $200,
000 and names himself and Mrs.
Noonan as executor and executrix re
spectively. . Though Noonan's death
occurred two years ago, the will has
never been filed and its supposed
existence was not known of until a
few weeks ago, when Perry came into
court and asked that the widow be
compelled to produce it. These pro
ceedings were dropped, the widow
having denied the existence of the will,
and then Perry filed a petition to
prove that a will had been executed
and that he and others knew its con
tents.
Frances Noonan, widow of Jeremiah
Noonan, founder of the J. Noonan
Furniture Company, demurred yester
day to the petition of D. E. Perry for
permission to prove the contents of
the last will of Noonan, which has
been lost. Her demurrer is inter
posed on the ground that Perry's peti
tion is ambiguous; that it does not
show upon what date the lost will was
made and that the petition is faulty
in that it does not set up the contents
of the lost document.
Permission to Prove Contents
of Last Will.
Files Demurrer to His Request for
XOOXAVS WIDOW OPPOSES 1
PET1TIOX OF D. E. PERRY
Trapper's Oil corea rheumatism and neumlsrta.
Crurslsta. 6Q0 flask. Kichard * Co.. 404 Cla/»«
Arthur Risher, who . was convicted
by a jury in Judge Lawlor's court on
a charge of burglary, appeared for
sentence yesterday. The Judge sen
tenced him to serve- seven years in
San Quentin. He feloniously entered
the room of Millie Clarke at 315
O'Farrell street/ ' 1
Sentenced for Burglary.
The Alumni Association of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin met in the library
of the Crossley building yesterday and
elected a commltteee on by-laws, con
sisting of Leonard S.Clark '59, Frank
V. Cornish '96 and Walter S. Gannon
'97. Charles J. O'Connor '94, instruc
tor of Latin in the University of Cali
fornia, and D. R. Jones '96, instructor
in the San Francisco State Normal
School, were chosen as delegates to
the semi-centennial celebration of the
university in Madison, Wis., next June.
Willis G. Witter '83, E. A. Hayes '82,
San Jose, and S. D. Townley '90 were
appointed to raise funds to help defray
expenses of the celebration.^
Wisconsin University Alumni.
Judge Lawlor, in the absence of
Judge Cook,, made an order yesterday
distributing the estate of the late
Caroline D. Fair to the heirs after
hearing the evidence of Charles S.
Neal and Joseph Harvey, administra
tors, and Attorney A. R. Cotton, who
represented the Nelson family.
As it was decided that Mrs. Fair
died before her husband, Charles L.
Fair, the will she made making certain
bequests and the residue to go to her
husband took effect. These bequests
had been paid by Mrs. Oelrichs and
Mrs. Vanderbilt Jr., heirs to their
brother's estate, and have been as
signed' to them, so that there was
nothing left to do but to make an or
der, distributing the estate to them.
Frank Smith, one of the legatees,
has not been heard of for some years
and it Is presumed that he Is dead,
but the heirs agreed, in the event ot
his appearance, to pay the $10,000
legacy to him. There was also enough
money retained to pay the inheritance
tax. Joseph S. Tobin represented the
heirs.
Judge Lawlor, In the Absence of
Judge Cook, Hears- Evidence and
Makes Final Order. ,
ESTATE OF THE I/ATE
MRS. FAIR DISTRIBUTED
A few days ago she told Mrs. A. J.
"Wells, one of her boarders, that she
intended to commit suicide. The un
fortunate woman had been very much
depressed because her property was to
be sold within a day or two under
foreclosure proceedings. Mrs. Morse
retired at 10 o'clock on Friday even
ing. At 9:45 yesterday morning Mrs.
Wells knocked at her bedroom door,
and, receiving no reply, summoned
the porter. He got into the room
through a window and found Mrs.
Moore seated in a rocking chair in
the bathroom, dead, with her head
resting upon a gas lamp,, the key of
which was open.
Deputy Coroner Michael Brown
made a strict search of the room for
a note or other farewell message, but
failed to find any.
Mrs. Cora A- Morse, a practitioner
of osteopathy and proprietor of the
Comora, a boarding-house at 621
O'Farrell street, suffocated herself
with illuminating gas last Friday night
while laboring under a fit of despond
ency.
3Irs. Cora A. 3Iorse Becomes Despond
ent Because Property Is About
to Be Sold.
OSTEOPATH ENDS LIFE
WITH ILLUMIXATIXG GAS
SAN JOSE. May 7.— In tha stilt of the Cali
fornia* Packers* Company against Charles
Downing- and the Bank of Visalla to recover
nearly $20,000 alleged to be due on a pruni
contract the defendants to-day moved tor *
change of venue to Kings County, where Dow
ney resides.
34
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL VALUES
THIS WEEK IN
Full assortment of "Fancu Tweeds" ani "Scotch Chev-
iots," In mixed erreGts, small checks ani noyalto
chevron weavest
$4.50 Dress Pattern.
A new shipment or 44-Inch "Chirron Samlle.' 1 These we
now have In 16 or the newest shales; also White
and. CreaDL
C| QfiT Vni*H
Black Figupel "Mohair Cpispine,y rull 44 Inches wide.
These come in a good varletu or styles and are the
new hlack material ror shirt waist suits.
% $1.00 Yard.
Black Noppe ''Panama Cloth." This Is an entirely new
rahrlG, 46 inches wide, and comes in two prices.
$1.00 and $1.50 Yard.
COLORED TAFFETA SILK, filll 21 inches Wide. This Is
a verg superior aualitD and is In shades or Navu,
Tan, Grag, Brown, Red, Reseda, Pink, Lavender,
Light Blue, Turauolss, Cream, Ivoru and White.
75c Yard.
Secular valua 31.00 Yard
50-Inch Imported AMAZON CLOTH, a vero superior
trualltu and- are In shades or Brown, Navu, Tan,
Green, Cadet Grau and Black.
$1.00 Yard.
' Good vain o for $1.25
We have also received an elegant varleto or WHITE
FABRICS in all wool and silk and wool in the new
sheer materials ror summer wear.
Prices 50c to $2.00 Yard.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
Mi, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Especial attention is invited to
the
DOMESTIC HELP
and
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES
advertisements in THE CALL.
See pages 41 to 47.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
The fVlagrsin Waists
'i'o-morrow. May 9th, we will show a number of
new styles of Ladies' Waists. Among them are fancy
and plain white silk pongee, batiste and Persian
lav/ns, trimmed with Russian embroidery; also a
number of entirely new Parisian hand-made em-
broidery effects. Note the special values:
LADIES' WAISTS— Made in our own workrooms; the
material is a good quality of sheer lawn, daintily tucked and
trimmed with embroideries .. $|.25 and $1.50
LADIES' WAIST S^-Mnde of imported cheviot*; exclu-
sive tlesicns; neatly tailor made; sizes 32 to 44- •• CO
' LAD i ES' WA I STS— Made of French Q s tZ ftand
Urica; hand-embroidered V J '* jU upwards
Special Sale of M^,
Ladies' Waists li(f»
for Monday only Jlitw
The accompanying illus- \*)\^\
tration shows an entirely v \\\^\%y\Vv\
new Waist, made of fine [j \\\\^\%VA* \\
Persian lawn; effectively r| \ \ \ \t\^,t\ y\
trimmed with dainty dc- J[ \ fS. X^ftm f]
sign of colored embroidery. / /i >^\ :J S'fii. ' a
regular S4.00 value. Special / ;
for to-morrow orJy /v | .gflJaBw*^^^
Ladies' Shirt Waist Suits
We are showing a number of new styles in Ladies'
Shirt Waist Suits. The Magnin suits are entirely
different from the ordinary garments; the skirts fit
and hang as well as if they were made to your meas- J
ure. Note how reasonably our suits are priced: ! ,
LADIES' SHIRT WAIST SUITS— Made of imported
Scotch gingham; fast colors, in a variety of neat Cff
stripes of blue, pink and tan *ip\J • vl vf
LADIES' SHIRT WAIST SUITS— Made of solid color
bine, pink, tan and gray Scotch .zepln-r SiH OO
LADIES' SHIRT WAIST SUITS— Made of bastiste
linen: full tucked and kilted skirt; waist hand- C^ cr|
somely embroidered VJ//»OvF
LADIES' SHIRT WAIST SUITS— Made of French
linen: trimmed with large embroidered dots; <CQ tZf\
colorings pink, blue, red, tan and white
Ladies' Overskirts
LADIES' TRAMPING SKIRTS— Golf style; nine gores;
buttoned in front; patent belt; special value at., fi^j
LADIES' TAN CRASH SKIRTS— Trimmed with bands
of fancy linen; an exceptionally stylish skirt... C^^ OO
9(8-922 MARKET STREET
pnPP Our new illustrated Summer Catalogue of Ladies'. Chll-
rHrr dren's and Infants' Wear will be sent free to out-of-town
1 nut- pPO pj e
Exclusive Pacific Coast Agents for the "ARNOLD" GOODS,
formerly sold by Mrs. Ober. Send for illustrated booklet.
Mmf SCHOOL SHOE3
WM!3&Ztg& THIS IS BOYS' WEEK AT THE
y^afflF^SZ '• PROFIT-SHARING SHOESTORE.
Jk$^X\ jdSB5&< WE WANT TO GET ACQUAINT-
ED WITH EVERY BOY IN TOWN
AND IN ORDER TO DO SO WE
ARE OFFERING SOME SPECIAL
.1 VALUES THIS WEEK.
JUST LIKE THE PICTURE, SIZES 8 TO 13.... SJ'?2
SIZES I3J4 TO 2 31.1O
SIZES 2# TO 5 $1.25
A DRESS SHOE FOR A LITTLE HIGHER PRICE.
MANY GOOD VALUES FOR GROWN PEOPLE. SEE OUR
WINDOWS. v • &j££S£*
PROFITS SHARED WITH OUR CUSTOMERS.
.'.^fcjSSfiL nolatTbros:
PHELAN BUILDING 11?.%^^ I?:
KXPEBT OPTICTAir
// You Want Perfect Vision *SK^*
You should wear George Mayerle's (lasses.
For weak, sore eyes, use Georsa Mayerla'j
Eyewater, 50c: by mail 62c.
To clean your glasses, use George Mayerla's
Antiseptic Eyeglass Wipers. 2 for 25c
Send P. O. order or Wells-Fargo.
George Mayerle
German Expert Optician,
COR. Tth AND MARKET STREETS.
EYES EXAMINED FREE.
Open Evenings nctll 9. Phona South 5TZ
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Parlor Table, golden oak finish,
with double top, 24x24 inches. Spe-
cial for this week, $1.25. This h
only one of our special attractions
for the week. Call and get our
prices. Homes furnished complete
on small weekly or monthly pay-
ments.
A. B. SMITH
FURNITURE CO.
128 132 Ellis St.
"VITAL RING"
A Cure for "Weak Kan. The world's
greatest surgeons have been trying for
years to find some practical method of
controlling the FTJDIC ZTSSVE In man;
as this would be a permanent cure for
Weakness, Drains, Wactinr. Varicocele.
Etc Dr. Burnard of Franco has accom-
plished this in the wonderful Vital Kins-
as it surrounds and comes in direct con-
tact with the XTerres controlling Sexual
Orarans. Compels Orowtli - and Visror.
Worn without Inconvenience, ito Medi-
cine. $2.50 postpaid. SB. BUS1TAJU> CO..
140 Geary SU S. T. ,
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
QUASAVTSSS CTTSXI FOB XEX.
HASitLSSS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases In a r«aie days. Warranted to cura
worst cases. KO OTHES TXEAT3£E2Tr
EEQUiaED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PKEVE2JTS JCONTAQIOH. Harm-
less. S2.00 for both bott'es. For Ml» only
g. 8.KELITB pir*n>*«CT. 103 Kddy.
|ASTHMANOLA|
la tae only ettre for XTerroua aat
Bronchial ASTHMA.
1 0UX Druggist or at 60t* UAIOHT 3T.
M*a ' Francisco. C*l 4
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
J_^ — -?!Q3^Sf\ We Celebrate the 1
i^^m'^^yi FifthAimiversar y
IaI aa ( V" 1 GreatFasMon Center
yMJI \V\ l^* A (' This ' •* eventful Anniversary Sale, occurring, as
I L J Ml I 4\ )"'•¦-•¦ * it does, almost simultaneously with the opening
V i^W " T I M^L^ . of the Greater Davis Store, marks a period
¦^C mi ¦¦ .<^y /g^^\ of intense interest not only to ourselves but
g fe«*J to the shopping public, and in determining some
ll f *£^/i befitting manner in -which to celebrate our Fifth
Lmm f Anniversary, it was thought best to arrange a sale
g_ of high-Krade,* seasonable merchandise, and during
H«* «> *r*mLm £S5T Xb*/^ its progress contribute such a vast number of extra
/* 8%. T -^* TP *i% M& 7?^ special values that everybody in San Francisco
Vljr nftV n ~'^^m_^ Br JH&"fLi^ik<«JP v/ould have an opportunity to be benefited. As a
f"\<% % • 9 • 'result, this unparalleled selling event is announced.
i S \€% i 1\^ J ust uvc vcars ago, when this business was started
IV^i\* <Q» <& &&«J? as a small Ready-to-Wear-Goods Store on this cor-
TT 4 ner. it had one aim — to be the best. As it grew
%/^y f\ jn gtf and prospered the same principles were never lost
? W %^XVa*JT& sight of, and continued to govern it. The thought
was constant — not \ how great a margin can be I
¦¦¦^¦"¦¦^¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦J made, but how greatest value can be Riven. And I
as the store grew, as recognition of our aims . I
brought increased confidence— and a larger number of satisfied patrons, we were able to give better and
better service. To-day one of the largest, most complete and most beautiful in the entire West. -.
We print here news of vital moment, news of the most desirable wear, news of Economics which
have never been equaled heretofore. - • " ¦
"VWr Women's Knit Underwear.
Special attention ia directed to this section. a« we are makinsr special efforts to meet the reanlremeats of our I
increasing trade. 1
LADIES' SWISS RlfeBED COTTON VESTS— Low neck, no sleeves j also lace fronts (white only). |«r R panh I
Regular 25c vest. SPECIAL, i.. iJO KUOII |
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED LISLE THREAD VESTS— Low neck, no sleeves, with hand crocheted OQa parh I
yokes (white only). Regular 65c vest. SPECIAL • uuu rauii ¦
LADIES' RIBBED VESTS— Made of fine Maco cotton, high neck, long sleeves; tights and pants Aft* parh I
to match. SPECIAL • oo * a *'" I
LADIES' IMPORTED LISLE THREAD HOSE— Neat embroidered ankles, fancy stripes and O^C fialr
plain black Rembrandt riba; always sold at 50c. SPECIAL *»»*v H«"
LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK LACE LISLE THREAD HOSE— Allover and ankle lace; also plain **«J|» nalr
• gauze lisle. Regular 50c hose.- SPECIAL ouu jfQii
A Most Important Sale of Women's Gloves.
This sale offers a splendid opportunity for you to procure excellent Gloves. They are selected stock, full
pique sewn. In all shades and sizes, and are offered at much less than the manufacturer's price. ¦¦ «v •
Not more than 6 pairs will be sold to one customer; fit guaranteed, but will not be fitted dur- I <%n Mjlif*
ing this sale. I UV 1 Ull
Ordinarily the price is $1.25 a pair. AZmzVSBSABT SAXJO gltlOB
ANNIVERSARY SALE OF ANNIVERSARY SALE OF
MISSES' TAILOR. SUITS. ELEGANT SILK WAISTS.
/ (2nd Floor. Take Elevator.) (2 nd Floor. Take Elevator.)
In a large variety of styles and materials. Among For this occasion we place on sale fully BOO
them are Fancy Etons, Belted Coats and Norfolk HIGH GRADE SILK WAISTS. Shades, light blue.
/- Coats, with yery stylish Skirts, both in {hit » a white, tan. brown. They are elegantly trimmed
mixed and plain materials, sizes ranging «.¦¦ Ull with, contrasting shades and medallions, including
from 12 to 18 years. $15.00 is usually the fDy «W V another choice lot of black and whita A> « _~
price. AHWTiatBABT BAT.E MUCH striped effects, made ' with new style \U k II
¦— — «^— —^— -^— — ¦——¦¦¦ sleeves. They were $8.50 and $7.50. wOttJV
CHILDREN'S AHmElBABTmSPMCT W
COLORED WASH DRESSES. anniversary sale of
(2nd Floor. Take Elevator.) Dl Afl/ CII V PPTTIPOATQ v
An exceptional array of choice colorings, which • »LAWi 511** Kit T 1 RAJA 1 5.
are washable. They are the Russian Sailor and An exquisite line of BLACK SILK PETTI-
fancy embroidery trimmed styles; sizes 4 to 14 COATS; made in the latest style, with accordion
years. Worth $1.50 and $1.75; to A — pleated ruffles and ruches. are
insure their speedy sale we have lfk/-» AflTri indeed a great value, as $5.50 would not \\Z IIJT .
made the ANNIVERSARY SALE 7OV WuVll i- be considered a; high price for them. tflt) # 7J
PRICE ANNIVERSARY BALE PRICE y^f^V.
MUSLIN UNDERGARMENTS.
The Terr te«t specials have been selected front our larsre Underwear Section and placed pn sale counters.
The best duality of muslin* and workmanship combined at the lowest possible prioes, which are unapproach-
able elsewhere. ,
MUSLIN SKIRTS, with deep flounce and cluster of tucks. ANNIVERSARY SALE PRICE. Qe*.
MUSLIN DRAWERS with fine embroidery edging and tucks. ANNIVERSARY SALE PRICE cq.
LAWN SKIRT CHEMISE, trimmed with lace Insertion and ribbon yoke, with double rows of fine Tor- »i 05
chon lace on skirt. ANNIVERSARY SALE PRICE ......'?.;...........•.........'... ... «PI.^9 :
SKIRT CHEMISE, with embroidered yokes and edging, also cluster of tucks and embroidery flounce. *%e
ANNIVERSARY SALE PRICE ......: ......
HANDKERCHIEF KIMONOS — White lawn with colored borders and some with large polka dots; colors <ti rn
blue, pink and red. ANNIVERSARY SALE PRICE ... ...fc .. ...^ .:.......... ..V. ..........
LONG CREPE KIMONOS — Made with shirred yokes and satin ribbon , borders; colors blue, pink, black Tin
and cardinal. ANNIVERSARY SALI3 PRICE. ¦ • • • • » <p^.UU
l\ fii'D^DiLviA &Co A
(tL-. Cor. Srant jive, and Seary St.
IlyS«\ Agents \ R0YAL Worcester corsets.' fyvjr \bound Traffic Over the Southern
Paclflc Lines.
Marked Increase In This Year's West-
COLONIST RATE PROVES
A BOON TO CALIFORNIA
Men Walk Out "When Their Demands
for Increase In Wages Is Refused.
A number of men belonging to
Sheet Metal Workers' Union No. .104
are out on a strike for an Increase of
pay from $4 to $4 50 a day. The
strikers are composed for the most
part of tinners and Jobbers. Sheet
Metal Workers' Union Xo. 270, to
which those that do roofing work be
long, Is not affected by the difficulties
of Its sister organization. The roof
ers are already receiving $4 60 a day.
Thomas Carroll, president of Union
No. 279, said yesterday: "We are not
concerned in the strike initiated by
certain members of Union No. 104.
nor is their action sanctioned by the
Building Trades Council. We are
working in perfect harmony with our
employers at present and no rupture
of the pleasant relations Is at all Im
minent"
SHKI-7T METAL WORKERS STRIKE
It is further averred that the rail
way company has made contracts with
persons to take the places of strikers
for a definite period of time, and that
't expects to make like contracts with
others, wherefore It asks that strikers
"and ethers be perpetually enjoined from
irf'any* manner interfering with the
m;en'ts cr representatives of the com
pany, or their locomotives, cars or
other property, and from tampering,
destroying or obstructing the same, or
from entering the shops, cars or prem
ises of the company without authority
from- its officers, or from molesting,
threatening or Intimidating Its em
ployes or inducing them to break their
contracts and to leave the employment
of the company.
The Injunction covers only the north
ern district of California. It Is very
'strict and sweeping and prohibits
pickets from entering the company's
premises and talking with the em
ployes.
The company asserts the belief that
einrllar methods will be used toward
Itj men, . and that the strikers intend
to obstruct and delay the transporta
tion dl United States malls, troops and
munitions of war unless restrained by
the court.
It ie further charged that Wilson
threatened that similar means would
be adopted as were in use in a former
strike of the Union Pacific employes.
It £= averred also that in other strikes
callfcd by this association many of the
practices mentioned have been resorted
to, and that the machinery and ap
pliances of the employer have been
surreptitiously tampered with and loco
motives and motive pojver have been
•injured at the instigation of represent
atives of the association: that em
ployes hired to take the places of strika
crs- have been waylaid, assaulted an<r
called approbrious names and threat
ened with bodily harm so as to induce
them to cult the service of the rail
v'ay company.
The complaint charges that prior to
tailing the strike, certain representa
tives and other members of the asso
ciation had threatened on divers oc
casions to injure, damage and destroy
the locpmotives, motive power, cars,
machinery, etc., of the railway com
pany so as to prevent it from carry
ing on its business, and to harass, an
noy and injure its workmen. Vice
President Wilson is charged with say
ing before the walkout, that If a strike
•w'as called means v/ould be adopted
.for crippling or injuring the company's
.er.gines, boilers, motive power, cars,
.machinery, etc., and thereby hinder the
interstate transportation of persons or
property.
. United States Circuit Judge Morrow
¦yesterday issued a temperorary in
junction restraining strikers and the
International Association of Machin
ists from injuring or otherwise inter
fering with the property or with the
non-ur.ion employes of the Atchieon,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Com
pany. May 26 at 10:20 a. m. was fixed
as the time for hearing arguments on
tb<e petition to make the Injunction
perpetual.
The defendants in the action are J.
R. Rowan, Joha Ready. C. H. Boltz,
it.- W. Williamson. S. A- Hayward. H.
.F.'Plotlow, Louis Gaiffra, William
Fitzgerald. Robert Hemphill, F. E.
Fritzche. Frank Gilardi, Chris Thomas,
Arthur Franchi, Sharp, S. R.
Prttchard, Davit f/ilsan, E. W. Hatch,
Thomas Rowan. L. Wilson and
several John Does and Richard Roes.
Thomas L. Wilson Is fourth vice presi
dent of the International Association
of Ivlachinists and the others are mem
bers.
"Unless there is some understanding
reached between the master horse
shoers and the union between now and
next Tuesday the proposition of the
Citizens' Alliance will be accepted and
men . will be brought from the East
to take their places."
Stablemen were in executive session
last night in Butchers' Hall, Eighth
and Folsom streets, to discuss the
present conditions of their strike. A
delegation from the Hackmen's Union
was present and it was agreed to stand
by the position taken. The Hack
men's Union will take the same stand
for the present and stay with the sta
blemen unless the organization of the
latter decides, upon recommendation
from the Labor Council, to call its
strike off. Such a Btep as that is not
looked for by the men In charge of
labor Affairs, but It may be taken.
"We have withhheld from accept
ing the offers of the Citizens' Alliance
to bring men from the East to take
the nlaces of the men called out, be
lieving that the journeymen might
change their minds and not interfere.
"They also appealed to the Horse
shoers' Union and they notified the
Master Horseshoers' Association that
if they shod for any non-union stable
they would take their men and
stamp out of the shops. As a result
the master horseshoers decided that
so long as they paid their men $4 per
day for services and paid regularly
every Saturday between 3 and 5
o'clock the union had no right to dic
tate for whom they should or should
not do work.
L. C. White, secretary and business
agent of the Stable and Carriage Own
ers' Association, yesterday made the
following statement of the causes
leading up to the trouble:
"The stables of Kelly & Sons, John
Nolan & Sons, M. Conlan & Sons, Wil
liam Michaelson and the United Car
'riage Company deposited $2000 each
with Herbert George, president of the
Citizens' Alliance, to be forfeited in
case any one of them started a hack,
coupe or carriage from their stables
until such time as given permission to
do so by the executive board of the
Stable and Carriage Owners' Associa
tion.
"There has been not a single union
man discharged from association
stables and every union man who went
out of the association stables was
called out by Supervisor T. J. Finn,
who is president of the Stablemen's
Union, and their Valklng delegate,
Chris Reynolds. They called the men
out because we put up 'open shop'
cards, consequently we were forced to
put non-union men in the stables to
care for our horses and vehicles.
"After the non-union men were in
the stablemen appealed to the Hack
men's Union not to drive out of any
stable where non-union men were em
ployed, therefore we have been obliged
to tie up every hack controlled by
members of the association.
Every hack, coupe and carriage In
San Francisco owned or controlled by
the Stable and Carriage Owners' Asso
ciation was without a union driver at
6 o'clock last night. That state of
affairs was brought about by the ac
tion of the carriage owners in resent
ment of what they consider dictation
in their business. They are backed by
the Citizens* Alliance. Thus far the
men who are locked out have taken
no steps which can be charged against
them as unbecoming good American
citizens and their officers say they will
hold that record until the differences
are settled.
If Horseshoers Do Not Set
tle by Tuesday Men Will
Be Brought From the East
Must Not Attempt to Coax
Xon-Union Men to Leave
Their Employers Service
FORFEIT IS DEPOSITED
PICKETS ARE MUZZLED
Judge Morrow Enjoins the
Santa Fe Machinists From
.. Obstructing the Company
Trouble Between Hackmen
and Bosses Is Brought
to Crisis by Association
BIG MOTOR CAR
TURNS TURTLE
Quaint Little Church of St. Matthew in San Mateq a
Tropical Garden Through Whose Stained Windows the
Sun Streams Gladly While Happy Twain Are Made One
Wife* of Physician Denies
the -Charge That She Has
Been Cruel to Her Spouse
Chauffeur and a Young
Woman Hurt in Smashup
on South Boulevard of Park
TWO OTHERS DISAPPEAR
FILES CE0SS-C0MPLAINT
Party Bent on an Evening's
Pleasure Comes to Grief
Ere Journey Is Well Begun
Asks for a Divorce on the
Ground That Husband De
sel'ted and Neglected Her
A big automobile, belonging to the
Mobile Carriage Company and contain
ing four gay people out for a night of
jollity, turned turtle on the south
boulevard, near Strawberry Hill, short
ly after 8 o'clock' last night. As a re
sult of the spill, Miss Emily Wilder,
409 Golden Gate avenue, and Ernest
Smith, who was running the machine,
wound up at the Central Emergency
Hospital, both badly bruised and bat
tered.
All persons concerned in the smash
up" are extremely reticent regarding
the details and no one would talk with
the exception of the chauffeur. He
stated that he was hailed by a man
and two young women shortly before S
•'clock. He was instructed to go with
all speed to the Cliff House and as he
turned into the south boulevard tha
machine 'refused to work and before
he had a chance to ascertain the trou
ble It turned over and spilled the occu
pants.
Smith and Miss Wilder were the only
ones to suffer. The other man and
woman picked themselves up in a
twinkling, according to the chauffeur,
end disappeared as quickly. A passing
automobile picked up Smith and Mlsa
Wilder and conveyed them to the hos
pital.
A comely young woman, thought to
be one of the party, called at the hos
pital and asked regarding Mlsa Wfl
der's condition. When questioned
about the accident, the young woman
became mum. The man who was with,
the two girls could not be located.
Miss Wilder is suffering from a con
tusion of the left shoulder and left el
bow and a slight concussion of the
brain. Smith fractured his left collar
bone and is also suffering from a con
tusion of the left hip. The automobile
was badly damaged by the accident.
TOPEKA, Kan*., May 7. — The Suprems
Court to-day declared void the statute which
makes it unlawful to discharge an employs
because he belongs to a lawful labor organiza
tion, and which provides for the recovery of
damages for the discharge. This Is a decision
of great Importance to labor unions.
Myrtle Estes, defendant In the suit
for divorce brought by Dr. W» B.
Estes, a well-known physician and
surgeon, is of th,e opinion that she and
not her husband is the one that should
be granted a decree. Accordingly shje
has filed an answer to his suit, in
which she denies his charges that she
treated him cruelly and in a cross
complaint accuses him of deserting
and neglecting her and of treating her
in such a manner that she lives in fear
.of her - life. The answer and cross
complaint were filed yesterday.
Estes* Is seeking a divorce on the
ground of cruelty, alleging that Mrs.
Estes once locked him In his apart
ments at the Winchester Hotel and
then by the use of force and violence
had him conveyed from there to a
sanitarium at 1815 Sutter street,
where, he says, he was forcibly re
strained of his liberty. He claims that
such high-handed proceedings caused
him great mental and physical suffer
ing and that his misery was increased
some time late.r when he learned that
Mrs. Estes had visited the battleship
New York and spent considerable time
in the company of the officers of the
vessel. She even, he says, went so far
as to accept presents of Jewelry from
the gallant tars.
EXPLAINS CONDUCT*.
In her denial that she is guilty of
any unwifely conduct, Mrs. Estes says
that her visit to the battleship was
not of such a nature that should
cause any one any misery- She says
she made the visit in the company of
several lady friends and defends her
self against the charge that she ac
cepted jewelry from the officers by
saying that the jewelry consisted of a
stickpin given each of the ladies in the
party as a souvenir.
Referring to the doctor's charge that
she % locked him in his apartments and
then by the use of force had him con
veyed to a sanitarium, she admits hav
ing done so, but without the use of
force. She says the reason she locked
the doctor up was because he was adr.
dieted to the use of morphine and she
simply had him restrained of liberty
in order that she might send for aid to
take him to the sanitarium for treat
ment, hoping that he might be cured
of the habit.
Mrs. Estes has evidently given up
hope, for she does not want to live
with the doctor any longer. She winds
up the long legal document bearing
her signature by asking for a divorce
on. the .grounds of desertion and
neglect, claiming that the doctor never
provided for her as he should and
that furthermore she had to leave him
because of his fear-inspiring conduct.
She also asks for sufficient alimony to
maintain her.
NEILSEXS MAKE UP.
Soren Peter Neilsen of 56 Boyce
street, from whom Bessie Neilsen se
cured a divorce about two months ago,
filed a petition yesterday in which he
asks that the decree be set aside and
announces that he and Bessie have
reached the conclusion that matri
mony is not so bad after all and want
once more to resume the marital re
lations.
Judge Hebbard granted Maxlmil
lian Robles a divorce from Agripina
Robles for desertion.
Annie D. Reid filed a suit for the
annulment of her marriage to Fred W.
Ried. ; The marriage took place at
Reno August 3 last, just three days
after Mrs. Rled secured a divorce
from David S. Brehaut. She now
claims that she' only recently learned
that she should have waited a year be
fore marrying again.
Modern Woodmen's Memorial.
Goodfellowship Camp of the Mod
ern "Woodmen' of America has appoint
ed Neighbors J. O. Davis, S. S. Mc-
Cahill, W. J. Elliott, W. H.' Edwards
and E. C. Stock to make arrangements
for a memorial service of the order
June 5 and 6. On Sunday, the 5th,
it is purposed to have service over the
graves of those that passed away dur
ing the- year preceding and decorate
th'e resting places with flowers, and on
the following evening to have a musi
cal, oratorical and eulogistic service in
the forest of the camp named In Pyth
ian Castle. The neighbors of Occi
dental Camp and tb% Royal Neighbors,
the ladies' auxiliary, will take part In
the services.
Pork Music for To-Day.
The following is the programme for
to-day's selection of music in Golden
Gate Park: "Star-Spangled 'Banner";
march, "Unter den Unden," Penn;
overture "Semiramida," Rossini;
waltzes, "Espagna," Waldteufel; solo
for saxophone, selected, J. L. Mund
wyler; grand selection, "Cavalleria
Rusticana," Mascagni; overture,
"Zampa," Herold; valse sentimental,
"Reverie" ("The Roses' Honeymoon") ;
descriptive, "In a Clock Store," Orth;
selection, "The Tenderfoot," Heartz;
"Reminiscences of Donizetti," God
frey; "America."
Cottage Destroyed by Fire.
A ten-room . cottage at 210 Somerset
street, Bernal Heights, owned. by M.
Sllverstein, was totally destroyed by
fire yesterday , afternoon. The blaze
originated in the kitchen and spread
rapidly. The loss will be about $1000.
Painter Badly Injured.
J. A.. Murphy, a painter residing at
2605 Larkin street, fellfrom a scaffold
at Sixth and Mission streets yesterday.
At> the- Emergency -Hospital he was
found to be suffering ¦ from a sprained
back and Internal injuries.
OPPOSES SUIT
OF DR. ESTES
STRIKERS TIED
BY THE COURT
OWNERS TIE OF
ALL CARRIAGES
CHARMING MISS KIRK OF CHICAGO
BECOMES BRIDE OF PAUL CLAGSTONE
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY S, 1904.
A banquet was given last night to
Professor-: James ,T. ; Burcham, for r
merly • of Stanford University,; who is
about to leave for Harvard University.
Toasts -,weVe\ delivered ; by; Professors
Dorety, Ballentine iand ; Messrs. Four
ness,- Munday, ¦ Gorfinkel • and • Pritch
ard. ' " ¦;••-, .¦ ¦ . ;. " " ¦- v. = .= , -
Banquet to Professor; Burcham.
ALAMEDA, , May .7. — Edward Ev
erts ; of this city has received notice
that he passed the examination which
entitles him " to enter the West Point
Military, Academy. He is a graduate
of* the ; Alameda 'High School ; and 5a
Bon ; of the late '¦ Major ¦ Everts, ¦¦¦ U. ¦ S.' A.>
You ng} Everts ; will ¦ leave for- New. York
early; in June. -..
Alamcdan for West, Point.
Commandant of the West Point Mili
tary Academy Is Appointed a
Brigadier General.
WASHINGTON, May 7.— President
RoosevelV to-day appointed Colonel A.
L. Mill* 1 'commandant of the West
Point Military Academy, a brigadier
general.
COLONEIi A. L. MILLS
RECEIVES PROMOTION
The members ' of St. Andrew's , So
ciety of California journey to Fairfax
Park, near •¦ San Rafael, yesterday ' for
their regular annual picnic. The day
was pleasantly spent* in "dancing ? and
athletic games. A large 'crowd was
in attendance. .' •. >
St. Andrew's. Annual Picnic.
The annual picnic and outing of the
Sacred Heart .parish was held yester
day at Sunset Park, Santa Cruz Moun
tains. The large crowd that took the
trip : enjoyed . itself immensely and the
executive committee pronounced the
affair the most successful ever held by,
the parish. •' •
Sacred Heart Parish Outinsr.
; A number of prominent dentists and
instructors from; Eastern cities will be
present. . Among those who will lec
ture and illustrate are Dr. Hart J.
Goslee of Chicago,* Dr. Henry A. Baker
of Boston, Dr. M. V. B., Ames of Chi
cago. Dr. P H.Wuillemin of Chicago
and Robert Brewster of Chicago. The
annual- banquet of the Alumni Asso
ciation will follow the session. .
The regular union clinic and Joint
session, of the California State Dental
Association and the Alumni Associa
tion of the dental department of the
University? of California will be held
in this city from May 16 to May 19 in
clusive. There will be both day and
evening sessions, the former to be held
at the , Dental College,' . Market and
Taylor streets, . and the latter at the
Academy of Sciences building. ,
Clinic of the State and Alumni Asso
ciations Promises to Be an Im
portant Event.
DENTISTS WILL MEET IN
REGULAR ANNUAL SESSION
Brigadier General Thomas Mc-
Gregor was the host at a stag party
in Scottish Hall on Friday night, his
guests being his fellow members of
the Caledonian Club. The veteran
soldier was retired j three years ago
after forty-three years' active service
while he was colonel of the Ninth Cav
alry, but recently his merits were rec
ognized by the Government, which be
stowed upon him th^ star of a brig
adier general.
It was to mark this event and to
enthuse the members of the club in
making' the annual gathering and
games to be held at Shell Mound Park
on Monday, May '30, a success that
the stag party was given. The hall
was crowded and it was acknowl
edged that there had not been such a
large., turnout or Jollier time In the
history of the club.
Chief A. M./Macpherson, after pay
ing a glowing tribute to the valor and
personal worth of the soldier - host,
called upon ex-Chief Angus McLeod
to act as toastmaster, which he did
most acceptably.' The toasts were:
"Brigadier. General McGregor," "The
Caledonian Club,' "The Caledonian
Club of Sacramento," "The Judiciary,"
"John D. McGilvray" and "Chief A.
M. Macpherson."
Among the speakers were General
McGregor, Y. C. Lawson, Dr. Ren wick
of Sacramento. D; R. McNeill, Police
Judge Cabaniss, Hugh J. Mclsaac, , J.
B. . Johnstone,: John Reid, William
Mitchell and Samuel McGregor. Songs
were < rendered by Robert Johnston,
Hugh Williamson, John St. J. Brem
ner, John McLaren. Horace Cookson
and Andrew McNair. ¦ .
Brigadier General Thomas McGregor
Invites His Fellow Members to
Partake of His Hospitality.
The arrival of Colonel Edward A.
Godwin, - Ninth Cavalry, has raised a
great commotion at the Presidio. Hts
rank entitled him to" select any quar
ters except those of the commanding
officer of the post.' His eye lighted on
the beautiful grounds -and commodi
ous home of Major Stephenson, so the
major was politely requested to seek
other quarters. As Major Stephenson
has his two sisters visiting him and
desires to entertain in their behalf, he
will naturally choose the next best
quarters in the line, which will oust
a captain, and this will result m a
grand change all down the line.
Things will be merry in the moving
line next week. —
Mrs. Levin Jones has left for Hono
lulu i to join her husband, Lieutenant
Levin Jones, and from the lovely Ha
waiian port will probably Journey on
to Manila. Local society will greatly
miss Mrs. Jones, whose engaging per
sonality, bright manner and constant
hospitality have made her a popular
figure in the set where her father and
mother, Captain and Mrs. Munger, are
so widely known and esteemed.
Captain Robert C. Van Vllet and
the Third Battalion, Tenth Infantry,
will go. over to Rodeo Range to-mor
row afternoon for rifle practice. They
will be gone two weeks.
Colonel E. A. Godwin a Stir
• at the Post by the Selection
of | Ills Quarters.
CALEDONIAN THjUB HAS
:; ¦¦.. v,-- ENJOYABLE STAG PARTY
COMMOTION IS CAUSED AT
PRESIDIO BY NEW ARRIVALS
BY SALLY SHARP.
The wedding yesterday at high noon
of Miss Cora Kirk, the pretty Chicago
maid, and Paul Clagstone of ¦ River
side was as pretty a ceremony as ever
wrought two loves in one. And sim
plicity, well bred simplicity, was the
keynote of its beauty.
True the quaint little church, St.
Matthew's at San Mateo, was as a
garden, with ferns and fragrant mock
orange and St. Joseph lilies, symbols
of faith and fidelity, lining the aisles
and filling the chancel. But there was
with it all a simplicity of design that
made the perfect picture.
As the town clock told the hour of
noon a gay procession of carriages
arrived, nearly all from Burlingame,
gay as befits a village wedding. And
who will forget the bridal carriage,
with its precious burden in white, with
footman and coachman in white
breeches and white top-boots and
orange blossoms pinned to their stoic
breasts, with white ribbons on whip
and steeds? It was a pretty scene,
and no mistake, when the bonny bride
stepped forth in her wedding gown
and veil, surrounded by Mrs. Francis
Carolan, Mrs. Walter Hobart, Mrs.
Walter Martin and other friends, who,
too, were gowned in fetching fashion,
and the party entered the church, led
by the ushers, Francis Carolan, H.-R.
Simpklns, Cyril Tobin and Joseph O.
Tobin.
The groom, attended by Walter Ho
bart. smiling and . debonair, met his
bride, who was unattended by maid or
matron, at the altar rail and, kneeling
before the Rev. N. B. W. Gallwey, the
two were made one.
The ritual was short and the guests
were soon filing out Into the sunshine,
there to greet the bridal couple. Corot
never painted a lovelier spot than that
little rural churchyard, abloom - with
roses and honeysuckle. . Could happier
spot be chosen for felicitations?
The bride's gown was a girlish affair
of white chiffon cloth fashioned with
graduated tucks. ' The bride being of
svelte figure, its charm lay in the snug
ness of fit arid its simple lines. And
herewith is a suggestion worthy of note
—if you contemplate wedding, little
maids.
Among the handsome women hand
somely f rocked were Mrs. Frank Caro
lan, who wore a lavender satin gown
with a fetching lace yoke showing
the throat, with which she wore a be
coming lace hat: -Mrs. Peter Martin,
always a picture, was a study in blue
blue crepe, with white Valenciennes,
"blue parasol and a' large white hat;
Mrs. Walter Hobart in a clinging white
lace gown, with a large black hat, was
very attractive accompanied by her two
little daughters; Mrs. Will Taylor was
attractively gowned in a figured crepe
and picture hat, while Mrs. Gus Taylor
wore a white lace frock.
It was a notable gathering of the men
and women of^tbe Burlingame set — a!
frank, merry set, to whom life brings
many pleasures and seemingly few sor
rows.
The Clagstones left for Santa Bar
bara after, a wedding breakfast at the
Crossways — the Carolan home. Owing
to the untimely death ,-of Mrs. Sanger
In Los Angeles yesterday festivities at
the Crossways were abandoned.
SCENES IN FRONT OP THE PRETTY LITTLE CHURCH OF ST. MATTHEW
AT SAN MATEO YESTERDAT. IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THE WED
DING OF MISS CORA KIRK AND PAUL CLAGSTONE.
fs Your Xame Written There?
The -owners of a certain train, noted
for having an unparalleled dining-car
rrrvlce. pome time ago adopted the happy
pl.*»«i cif asking- passengers to record their
imr>r« ssiorvs in a log-book. And now the
"Cr Jiv i5ia Limited'.' Log-book is known
wh< i w«T travelers assemble. To have a
fiji:»p written there is to have had a
unique experience in good^raveling.
.Ask about the trip to the St. Louis
Fair at €41 Market street. San Francisco
The Santa 1'e is the Best Way. •
Yosemite Amazes Them.
Travel is heavy over the Raymond-Wawona
route of the Southern Paclflc ¦ This popular
route Ukes In the finest prove of Blr Trees
passing through grand old Wawona, over an
oiled stage road. Every traveler Is delighted
with this route and amazed b- the wonderful
valley. Ask for rates and details at 613 Mar
ket street. • ;
The annual excursion of the Califor
nia Press Association, which la com
posed of the editors of the interior
newspapers of the State, will leave
over the Santa Fe on Tuesday, May
10, and will include a* visit to the
world's fair at St. Louis. The date
originally Intended was a day later,
but on account of the reduced,excur
sion rate to go into effect on the 11th.
the date was changed at the request of
the railroads. Nearly all the newspa
pers in the State outside the big cities
will be represented.
Pages 35 to 48
Pages 35 to 48
Editors to Go East.
The police have been Investigating
a sensational story that appeared In
a morning paper to the effect ' that
Mrs. Clara Castro, 2 Vincent street,
claimed she had been choked and
robbed by a. man last Monday even
ing at her home. People who are
credited with saying they saw a man
hovering arountl Mrs. Castro's house
deny they said so and the police assert
that the • woman's story is pure ro
mance.
Says Woman Is Romancing.
The passeng-er traffic department of
<1*e .Southern Paclflc Cor-r>any yester
day issued a Btatement showing the
colonist movement in California dur
ing the months of March and April,
vrlth the comparative figures for the
corresponding period of 1903. Dur
ing March the total number of per-
Eons who availed themselves of the
colonist rate to visit California was
11*638, or a daily average of 375.4.
Of this number €102 came west by
way of Offden. 413 via Los Ang-eles,
4090 by way of El Paso and 1033 by
way of Portland. The total number of
colonists arriving in California In
March of the preceding year was 11,
218, or a daily average of 361.9. In
'April last 12,266 colonists arrived
from Che East, or an average of 408.9
a day. Of this number 7228 came
through Ogden, 326 through Los An
p*!es, 3637 through El Paso and 1065
liy way of Portland. The total num
ber for the month of April, 1903, was
£780, or a daily average of T19.3. The
grand total for the two months shows
an increase over the same months
of lest year of 3106.
Do for Baby?
EVERYTHING that is
cleansing, purifying, and
beautifying for the Skin,
Scalp, Hair, and Hands
of Infants and Children
Assisted by CUTICURA Oint-
ment, the great Skin Cure, will
surely do. No person need go
forth into the world tortured and
disfigured by Inherited humours
of the Skin, Scalp, and Blood if
CUTICURA REMEDIES have
been used in childhood.
SoM throughout tht world. Cut!cur» fotp. Me.. Ofat-
ratnt, *>c., KoolTtnt, 50c (ia form of Chocoltt* Cost«t
P1U«. SJe. 9V »i»I of «0>. D*potJ : U>ndon. 17 Ch»rt«r-
b*OM .*j.i?irii. * Rue *t la Pilx ; Bouob. 117 ColsmlMW
Ait. Potter Drag k Chans. Corp., Sol* rroprtetom
oar Scad for "How to Pnwm, Purify. >*d B—ttfy
ttt SUb, Sc»: p, Bali, tad liud* #X lnlaa;« *a« CUMimT*The Lick School baseball team beat
the Hitchcock nine yesterday in the
Academic Athletic League baseball
tournament. The winners will meet
the Palo Alto nine for the champion
ship of the league.
Ock Defeats Hitchcock. 1
Fifth race, six f urlongs-^-BIg . Ben
won, Irene LIndsey second, Beau Or
monde third. Time, 1:13. -
. Sixth race, one mile — Trinity Bell
won," Falkland second. Soldier of For
tune third. Time. 1:414-5.
CHICAGO, May 7. — Worth results:
First race, six furlongs— Monastic
II won, Don Domo second, Alllsta
third. Time, 1:12 4-5.
Second race, five furlongs, selling—
King's Trophy won, Philanthropist
second, Luzarion third. Time, 1:10 1-5.
Third race, mile, and a quarter—
Potheen won. Little Elkin second,
Mauser third. Time. 2:07 4-5.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth-
Port Royal won, Gregor K second.
Banter' third. Time. 1:53.
Winners at Worth.
Seventh race, seven furlongs, selling-
John Doyle won, Decoration second
Floral Wreath third. Time, 1:36.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth,
Mound City Derby, value to winner
$3500 — Bugler won, Barkley second,
Rainland third. Time, 2:06%.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Charlie
Thompson won, Claremont Becond, Out
law third. Time, 1:21.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth— Lord
Tennyson won, Larry Wilt second
Exapo third. Time. 2:06%.
Third race, six furlongs, selling—Ra
dium won, Satchel second, Thisbe third.
Time, 1:21.
ST. LOUIS, May 7.— Results:
First race, four and a half furlongs-
Miss Powell won, Paul Revere second.
Zinda third. Time, 1:02%.
Second race, six furlongs, selling-
Flora Levy won, Nabokla second, Tlck
ful third. Time. 1:22%.
Bugler Takes Derby.,
Steeplechaser Killed.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 7. — Intense,
a 2 to 1 shot, owned by C. M. Moore
of Los Angeles, won the $6000 Nur
sery stakes for two-year-olds to-day
at Churchill Downs. \ In the steeple
chase Steplightly was killed by falling
at the sixth jump. Jockey McAuliff
was stunned, but soon regained con
sciousness. Results:
First race, six and a half furlongs,
selling: — Delmonlco won, , Namokie
second. New Mown Hay third. Time,
1:23%.
Second race, five furlongs — Miss
Inez won, Arnold second, Lawlor
third. Time. 1:13%.
Third race, one mile — Prince Silver
KANSAS CITY, May 7.-Claude. the
four-time Derby winner, won with ease
the Elmridge handicap, coming in two
lentghs ahead of Elliott. Moharib the
yJP^c?* tne Kans as City Derby, was
third. Summary:
First race, one mile, selling— St. Tam
many won, Erne second, Loone third.
Time, 1:49.
Second race, five and a half furlongs,
purse— Skillful won, Americana second,
Actine third. Time. 1:11%. '
Third race, four and a half furlongs,
purse— Vidalla won, Speaker Fontana
second, Quindaro third. Time, :58%.
Fourth race, Elmridge handicap, one
and an eighth miles, $3500 added—
Claude won. Elliott second, Moharib
third. Time, 1:59%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling—Ner
vator won, Irish Jewel second, Lady
Idrls third. Time, 1:18%.
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs,
selling— No Trumps won, Frying Pan
second, Adair third. Time, :5S%
Claude Continues to Win.
Fourth race, the Nursery stakps
won" Blue Bl S^ '""SSL-5SS
TW ?fu. lr S second . Oizau third.
«r£? •*"? % " Kurtsman finished sec-
PifSV Vas d f is <iualifl e d for fouling.
TrflSJti Ce§ 8tee P le chase, full course
--Itacatlera won. Dr. Nowlin second
Governor Boyd third. Time not ilien.
«>!iinL ce ' miIe and seventy yards,
selling— Barney Burke won, St. Hera
second. Discus third. Time, 1-47
instated, to ride only for the stables
of Charles and John McCafferty. Sin-'
nott was also granted permission to
pilot the horses owned by his em
ployer, E. B.- Smith. The latter rider
was" set down for a weak ride on
Estado some days ago.
Billy Magrane paid $1000 for the
two-year-old Bill Short and $375 for
Willa. Ben Eric was knocked down to
the bid of Lee Blasingame for $750.
Money Muss, it is said, has again
changed hands and Pete Donaleche is
once" more owner of the "yaller"
horse.
The stewards restored Jockeys Boze
man. Buxton and McBride to good
standing yesterday. Bonner was re-
Joe Jones, the popular little pilot,
will journey back to New York, where
he will show Metropolitan race
goers how much he has improved.
C. W. Chappell was to have shipped
his stable to St. Louis. Bill Fine, with
Yellowstone and the balance of his
string, start for the World's Fair City
to-day.
A telegram was received from Texas
yesterday stating: that Kirk & Co.,
through J. L. Ellerd, had -obtained a
fresh contract on the services of Jed
Lewis. The Intelligence was also con
veyed that Ed Corrigan had -purchased
the contract for $5000.
Jockey J. T. Sheehan will leave with
his employer, D. Zallnsky, for Kansas
City. -
On the strength of his prood second to
Illowaho on Friday, J. V. Kirby was
installed favorite for the closing mile
and a sixteenth selling chapter. It
proved a first-rate selection, for the
Keldin? scored a clean cut win after
David S had tired with cutting out the
running. Past Master, at 15 to 1, ran
third.
. F. Clark, who rode Searcher, favor
ite for the two-mile selling race, got
his dates mixed or Pete Romigh's horse
would have won. The black horse
Possart set the pace for one and a half
miles, -vhen he had shot his bolt. Rio
Shannon, the runner-up, was collared
and disposed of the last quarter by Ex
pedient, excellently ridden by Joe
Jones. Clark waited altogether too
long with Searcher, with the result
that he was fortunate to set the show.
Harry Beck showed he is not worth
SO cents.
the finish downed Rollick less than a
length. Show honors went to Profitable,
a CO to 1 shot.
A mile and a sixteenth selling affair,
with a field of ten starting, followed.
Gold Finder had a slight call In the
ring, but Frowen put up a wild, weird
exhibition in the saddle, and the favor
ite got nothing. McHannon moved up
by degrees with Oscar Tolle, and in a
hard drive received a head decision
ov£r the pacemaker. Resigned. Dr.
Shorb ran a s^ood third.
A. B." Cook, the fast thr^e-year-old
from the stable of Stanfield & Ellis,
defeated Ocyrohe for the Futurity
course sprint next decided. The latter
closed a mild favorite, but was out
footed from the jump. Cook, well
handled by Sheebnn, winning by a
lensrth. Tom Ryan's Clauses gathered
ir. show honors.
NEW. YORK, May 7.— There was a
remarkable attendance at Morris Park
racecourse this afternoon. Competent
experts said the attendance was as
large if not larger than that which was
at the course on handicap day. At
least 40,000 people looked on.
The weather was charming and it was
a perfect afternoon for outdoor sport.
Hundreds of automobiles crowded the
clubhouse inclosure, while the club
house lawns were thronged with
women. The card was attractive, the
features including the Toboggan handi
cap, with a cracking good field of
sprinters. The Bouquet stakes, for two
year-olds, also had an excellent field.
There were also a steeplechase and
several other, good races. The track
was fast.
Hurst Park won the Toboggan handi
cap in rather easy fashion. He was
given a perfect ride by Hildebrand. To
a good start the Keene cast-off soon
secured a favorable position, which
Hildebrand Improved as the race pro
gressed. Entering the stretch he was
second. With little urging the colt
drew clear of his field and passed un
der the wire first by a length and a
half. Kohinoor and Gay Boy had a.
hard struggle for the place, Kohinoor
getting the verdict by a head.
Gold Ten had all the best of a bad
start for the Bouquet stakes and won
easily.
In the New York steeplechase, about i
two miles, six of the twelve starters
fell. Jockey Beamis, who had the I
mount of Moon Daisy, fell at the jump
on the hill and sustained injuries which
may prove fatal. He was removed to
Fordham Hospital in a dying condi
tion. Summary:
First race, handicap, six furlongs — I
Shrine won, Montrezon second, Hello
third. Time, 1:14%:
Second race, four and a half furlongs
—St. Bellane won, Schumlle second.
Bank Street third. Time. :45%.
Third race, the Bouquet stakes, five
furlongs — Gold Ten won. Highborn sec
ond. Waterside third. Time, 1:01%.
Fourth race, the Toboggan handicap.
Eclipse course— Hurst Park won, Kohi
noor second, Gay Boy third. Time, 1:14.
Fifth race, the New York steeple
chase, about two miles — Caller won.
Lavator second, St. Jude third.' Time.
3:55%.
Sixth race, selling, one mile— Namtor
won, AH Gold second. Akela third.
Time, 1:41%.
The champions were given divers and
many chances to win yesterday at Rec
reation Park, and they took advantage
of enough of the same to get five runs
home. Had they taken advantage of
the whole bunch tney would be scoring
yet. Score, 5 to 2.
Mr. Yerke3 issued five tickets to first
base, and each resulted in a tally with
one exctDtion. The big fellow did not
pitch good baseball, and at times his
support was not the real gilt-edged ar
ticle. He kent. kicking and sulking all
th« time, but could not bluff Umpire
Jim McDonald, who insisted that the
ball come over before he called strikes.
Baum was the pitching kid after the
first Inning. It was then that Uncle's
crowd made all their runs. It started
with a base on balls to Hildebrand.
Waldron hit a drive to Cravath, who
dropped It. Meany got a life on another
miscue. Irwin struck out and Massey
produced a fly. Andy Anderson came
through with a bingle to left field that
brought in the runs.
The Angels got one In the first, and
they came around with two in the
fourth on a little good stick work and
some sloppy fielding. Another was
coaxed home In the fifth, and then the
game went on till the ninth, when the
Angels committed their last.
Cravath saved the day for the
champs in the sixth. With two down
and as many anchored on the bags,
Massey tore off a beeliner right for the
center field fence. Cravath ran back
on it and got it as it was about to
bump the wood. It cut off two runs
and probably saved the game from be
ing broken up on the spot.
Tim Flood was put out of the game
in the second round for arguing a de
cision at second base. He refused to
leave at first, and finally a big copper
escorted him off the diamond. He tried
to sneak back In the field, but the um
pire spotted him and ordered him to
the woods once more. This time It was
off. and he stayed away for keeps. The
score:
Los Angeles — , San Francisco —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Toman, s.3 1 1 1 2 Hlldbd. lf.4 113 0
Whelr rf.4 0 1 0 OlWldrn cf.5 10 11
Flood." 2b.l 0 0 0 OiMeny. rf..4 0 2 3 0
Smith. 3b.3 3 2 1 "|lrwin. 3b.5 0 0 3 4
Crvth, cf.5 0 2 4 O.Masey. lb.4 0 0 8 1
Ross. If. ..4 12 5 OlAndsn. 2b.4 0 2 3 1
Chase, lb.3 0 0 14 0; Miller. S...4 0 14 1
Spies C...4 0 0 10 Leahy, c.4 0 2 2 3
Baum, p.. 4 0 2 0 4 Yerkes, p.2 0 0 0 4
Rymd, 2b.4 0114-
Totals. 36 2 8 27 15
Totals. 35 5 11 27 17
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles ....10 02 10 00 1 — 5
Base hits 1 1 1 1 3 2 1 O 1—11
San Francisco. ..200000OO 0 — 2
Base hits 11012012 0—8
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Smith 2. Errors — Anderson,
Leahy. Raymond, Cravath. Wheeler, Hlide
brand. Two- base hit — Anderson. Sacrifice hits
— Wheeler, Yerkes, Toman. First base on er
rors — San Francisco 2, Los Angeles 2. First
base on called balls — Oft Ilaum 3, oft Yerkes 3.
Left on bases — San Francisco 10, Los Angeles
10. Struck out— By Baum 1. Balk — Baum.
Time of game — 2 hours. Umpire — McDonald.
The number of persons employed In
the mining of coal In England and
Wales Is 825,401.
Ble Price for iLeonldas.
NEW YORK. May 7. — At the sale
of horses which were the property of
the late W. C. Whitney, held In the
paddock before the races at Morris
Park to-day, I-eonldas (3). by Ham
burg-Boise, which ran second to Ham
burg Belle In the Futurity last year,
was sold to E. E. Smathers for $16,
000. Mr. Smathers also purchased
King Cole, a year old, by Hamburg-
Black Venus, for $4100.
The French domain In Africa com
prises one-third of the surface of the
continent.
It was too glaring a reversal to be
overlooked, and the Judges ruled that
C. W. Chappell and his stable and
Jockey Tommy Butler* be indefinitely
euspended.
Yellowstone, the 8 to 5 favorite, rid
den by "Handriding" Kelly, captured
the introductory six and a half furlong
exiling run. Away well to a straggling
start, the first choice gradually wort
down the lead of Tom Kingsley, and at
The last furlong Jones closed strong
ly with Veterano, and Butler, astride
Caronal. resorted to rough tactics in
order to get the decision, finally win
ning by a head in l:SSVi. Jones lodged
a. claim of foul, which was not allowed.
Joe Lesser, which was coupled in the
betting with G. W. Trahern. went to
the post favorite and finished third.
The day was ideal for racing pur
poses and a bigr throng gathered to bid
the runners au revoir. The grand
stand was filled with members of the
fair sex, and society found representa
tion en the clubhouse lawn and veran
das. The fields were large, but there
was no discount on form, for two fa
vorites, two second and one third
choice and what may be termed a
mild outsider were returned the win
ners. The betting ring was packed to
suffocation, and the 6lxieen bookmakers
were kept hustling to handle the busi
ness.
• Caronal, at odds of 8 to 1. captured
the mile and a furlong handicap in fast
time from a big field of ten. The de
nouement was not pleasant for either
his owner, C. W. Chappell, or Jockey
Tommy Butler, both being indefinitely
suspended. Caronal started In a handi
cap on Wednesday last, with Butler
up," and after receding from 4 to 8 and
10 made an indifferent showing. The
books laid 8 to 1 about the St. Carlo
horse yesterday. Butler had him In the
lead before half the route had ben cov
ered.
After 150 days of continuous sport,
the most successful meeting in the his
tory of the California Jockey Club was
brought to a close yesterday at Oak
land.
A. G. Harvey of the San Rafael Golf
Club won the men's amateur cham
pionship of the Northern California
Golf Association yesterday cleverly
with a score of 182 for thirty-six holes
on the course in Happy Valley.
W. P. Johnson of the Oakland Golf
Club was the runner-up, with a score
of 194. A. G. Harvey won the gold
medal and. W. P. Johnson the silver
medal of the association. A. G. Har
vey also captured a silver cup of
fered by the San Rafael Golf Club for
the best score for eighteen holes made
either in the morning- or the after
noon, with 43, 44; total, 87. Harvey
was the holder of the championship,
having won it in 1903 on the San
Rafael course, with 187, with W. P.
Johnson as runner-up, . with 189.
Play began at. about 9:36 a. m. and
the last cards were handed In -at 6
, p. m. In the the contestants
went round the course" paired as fol
lows: Spena-Black and Stratton;
Casey and Byrne; Snyder and Starr;
Harvey and Golcher; Carey and Kales;
Hardy and Beaver; Don Hines and
Carpenter; Pinckard and Mdnteagle;
Johnson and Brown; Girvln and Cad
man; Curtis and Eyre; Hooper and
a scorer; Davis and Lllley.
For the afternoon's play the con
testants were paired as follows: Spens-
B lack and Johnson; Pinckard and
Beaver; Don Hines and Stratton; Cur
tis and Starr; Snyder and Kales; Da
vis and Byrne; Carey! and Cadman;
Harvey and Eyre; Golcher and
Brown; Hardy and Girvln; Casey and
a scorer; Hooper and Lllley; Carpen
ter and Monteagle. The full details
are given In the official table:
ga »i g| g| |
COMPETITORS. |" || gS § £ ?•
5. & a. & '.
A. d'. Harvey 43 44 48 47 182
W, P. Johnson 48 52 50 43 194
H. Spens-Black 45 61 60 52 198
F. A. Kales 46 51 50 62 130
E. J. Hooper 52 47 52 60 201
F. S. Stratton 49 51 63 49 202
F. H. Beaver 46 54 62 51 2<M
Dr. A. Don Hines 65 54 50 46 205
R. J. Davis S3 51 53 50 207
A. S.- Lllley 49 55 51 53 208
J. O. Cadman 54 60 47 63 214
H. C. Golcher 49 54 55 56 214
L. F. Monteagle 1 64 50 57 68 219
F. A. Snyder 57 65 54 65 221
R. G. Brown 60 65 51 66 222
Dr. W. M. Carpenter.. 55 61 65 56 227
Edward Carey 59 62 57 59 237
W. J. Casey 62 54 •
J. W. Byrne 57 50 •
G. B. Starr 51 70 •
D. H. Hardy •
G. M. Pinckard •
R. D. Glrvin • .j
Carleton Curtis *
Perry Eyre •
•Xo returns.
OAKLAND BACETBACK— SATURDAY, May 7.— Weather fine. Track fast.
O741. FIRST RACE — 6% furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to flrat. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. JWt St. M. Vx. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op- cl »
CT33 .Yellowstone. 5 (W. P. Fine).. 1110 1 ... 3 1 2 lfcl % 1 *i F. Kelly... 6-5 8-5
07JJT iRoillck. C (.XV. Balrd) 1107 5 ... 4^32 2 2 2 4 Reed 5 11-2
j'Profitable. 4 (A. Winter) I 831 4 ... 5 2 4 Va 5 1 3 1 FiUp&trck 80 30
€061 ;i>r. Sherman, 6 (Xvilliame). . 102 9 ... fi 2 81 43 4n Holbrook .. . 1O 13
U737 jBenUsh. 4 tL. Jennese) j JHI7 ... 72 OU 7 1 51 Crotsawalte , 1 10 13
UO16 ;T. Klnpsley, a (Winter & Co.). 101] 3 ... 12 11 3 1%6 1% McKlnnon ' 6-10
toStiO ;Evar.der, 5 (Themas & Co.)... 107 10 ... 10 1010 8 8 2 7 2 J. Jones.... ' 5 i 12
tiT.U .ConKer. 4 (Kirk & Co.) 84 8 ... 61 72 03 82 Herbert ... 10 30
C7(« INanon. a <S. Polk) 103 11 ...11 11 .10 5 0 3 T. Butler.. f4 4
0709 (Educate. 6 (Haggerty & Co.). 104 2 ... 2 1 0 U 6 'l 10 4 W. Karvaez 20-30
0735 JEstraza. 4 (V. Chlopek) I 03| 8 ... 8 1 0 Ull/ 11 Roach'..... 80 40
6737 ;Meehanu? f a (T. T. Rector). .| 107 1 Left. jBurllncame 10 15
T:itip — :24, :48>£. I:l«& 1:21%. At post 4^ minutes. Off at 2:20. Yellowstone, place,
I 7-10; show. 1-3. Rollick, place, 2; show. 1. Profitable, show, «. Winner, ch. h. by
Key El Santa Anita. Trained by W. P. Fine. Start i>oor. Won first three ridden out.
Yellowstone away well to a straggling break. Was probably best. Rollick showed Im
provement. Dr. Sherman away poorly, doted strong, as usual. Tom Kingsley quit.
Hutler could do nothing with Nanon. Meehanus refused to break. *I(OB Angeles index
;^tLo*AT!£eleslndex6541. ' ¦
07-13. SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; 3-year-olds and up; selling; first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner! Wt St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. . Jockey. Op. Cl.
<:723 Oscar Tolle. 6 (Klunder & B.) 105 8 6 1 2 h 2^21 1 h McHannon . 4 18-5
0731 iResisned. 3 (A. W. Coffey)... DO 7 1 1 1 1^1 1^1 122 Adalr ..... 12 15
C719 IDr. Shorb. 5 (Owl Stable) 99 3 3 H n 3^4^33 Roach 5 fl
C734 JGold Finder, a (P. G. Lynch) 103 4 4^51 72 51 43- Frowen .... 4 16-5
«61S jAugle. 5 (C. W. Chappell) 01 6 10 0 1 4 n 3 1%5 3 Crosswat© .6 »
0.08 Tannhauser. 3 (Hayes & Co.). 93 10 7 2 7 2 5 1&6 2 61 |J. Jones... 6 11-2
1.50S riloa. a. (Kirk & Co.) 89 2 2%416173 7 1H Herbert ... 6 7
6731 iKeoeh. 3 »P. Hildreth) 02 15h82 8182 8 4- McGuire ... 12 20
C7o7 jThe Toller. 4 (F. Jones) «8| 5 9 1 10 9 2 8 5 9 7 T. Butler . 30 60
C737 jCarilce. 6 (Appleby & Co.)... D4| 9 8 1 9 1 10 10 10 Cross 12 15
Time— :2Vri, :49. 1:15. 1:42. 1:48%. At post 3 minutes. Oft at 2:53. Tolle, place, 8-5;
s=r.ow. 4-5. Resigned, place, 6; show. 3. Shorb show 6-5^ Winner, ch h. by Amlgo-
S«".en Up. Trained by T. Burns. Scratched — Constable, Toto Gratiot. Start good. Won
first three driving. McHannon came near waiting too Ion* with the winner. Resigned
to-day. Gold Finder received a delightful going over. Others no account.
07-1.1. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; S- year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
Index! HorFe and Owner. WttSt. Ii. 14. »4. Str. Fin. Jockey. J Op. cT
£15 i£- U - Cook - 3 < s »anneld & E.) 102 2 ... 1 1 13 12 11 J. T. Shehn 11-5 2
-™ °cyrohe. S <Mr.«=. Coffey) OS 4 ... 4n3n 32-21 J. Jones... 11-5 S-5
t Vi. 2 ? ) iF Iausus - * < T - H R>an) 107 6 ... 0 4 5 4 4 2 3 h Vlckery ... 6 13
/*!£! iMllno - * (P - Sheridan) 1(12 1 ... 52 ! !4 2 1 45 Crosswalte . 3 10-5
(0. 23);F. L. Anna. 4 (Figaro Stable). 97 3 ... 2h 4 3 5 5 5tt (Herbert ... 6 12
O : J1 pollie H. 3 (H. J. Hart) 967... 74 77 03 67 T. Butler..^ 80 100
6.15 Hoceo. 3 (Photo Stable) 93 8 ... 8 8 7 178 Roach '20 25
C683 iGeorgie Black, 3 (Spratt).... 105 5 ... 3h 04 8 8 McHannon. SO 100
Tlta f~-'-*- : **- 1 ; 1°- At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:21. Cook, place. 7-10; show. 1-s!
Ocyrohe. place. 3-5; show, 1-4. Clausus. shew. 2. Winner, b. c. by Brutus-All Smoke. ¦
Trained by \V. I>. Stanfleld. Scratched — J T S. Maxtress. Misty's Pride. Start good.
w on first three driving hard. Winner a very shifty colt. Ocyrohe did his best. Clausud
ranhlsrace. Mimo tired. Others outclassed.
C744. FOURTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; handicap; 3-yr.-olds and up; val. to first. $500.
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt|3t. U. V,. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. OpT CK
€T26 Caronal. 4 (Chappell & Co.)... 1101 7 « 2 3 h 1 2 1 2 l"h T Butler i 8
g" Veterano. 4 (W. C. Vlvell).... 110 6 10 1 S h 8 1%5 1W l£j. Jon^sT'.:: 6 7
t..2fe Joe Lesser. 6 (H. D. Beams).. 106 4 5 U, 2 V, 3 U» 13 h JTSheehaJi ° 7 K
<KJ&) Illowaho. 5 (H. Stover) 05 5 3 1 4 1 4 1 4 i4 4 IK Herbert 8 12
t-14 Gralter, 6 (Blasingame Bros.). 103 2 8 h 7 U10 1 61 h cVowwaltV 6 IS 2
?l\\ ™- Andenon. 5 (McLaughlln) 97 3 9 1 9 1 7 l> 4 f 2 h. fSSS 10 25
0.26 ;Gateway. 3 (Lottrtdge) 97111 11 11 2h3 1 72 Reed 8 8
«6728),Forest King. 5 (S. J. Jone*)... 106 1 11 10 2 fl 1 0 2 8 2 T Clark"' 6 13
«3TJ2 lilllouon. « (W. D. Randall)... 106 9 2h 5h 51 81 02 Holbrook"' lrt 10
•-2S jG.W.Trahern,5 (Sumrcers&Co.) 101 10 7 Ull n n 10 3 McGu^ • •
«>-7«j2 iHeather Honey.4(I>each&Cook) 93 8 4 *J 6 1 6 1 10 2 U R. ButTer!! 15 80
Tlm rt^w* '•?'•»^vt^in^kilil 1 ' V 5^' A i .P°»t 3 minutes. Off at 3:46. Caronal. place. 3;
encw. j-Z. \eterano, place. 3; show. J-2. Joe Lesser show 2-5 Winner h h t,v it
C'^"""-. Trained by C. W. Chappell. Scratched. Jack* Llttie. SUrt go^d Won in
a hard drive of three. Caronal ran a vastly Improved race over his previous effort
\eti-rano alio did better. Latter was badly bumped the last part of It by wlnn"r Claim
ef foul not allowed. Joe Lesser ran his race. Too uplcy for Colonel Anderson Gateway
,j;,yii5 d^J^°P'^^'thJoe^MVr. Anaerson. oateway
C745. FIFTH RACE-Two mileg; selling; 4-year-olds and upward; value to first. $325.
Index^ Horee and Owner. IWtlSt. lm. l\j. 1%. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op^ cT
<J719 (Expedient, a (P. E. Smith).. 1102 6 0 6 6 3 3 1 3 1U1 «' j jTZpI Z Z~
C&.5 jRio Shannon, a (Mrs. Coffey). 102 4 4 4 S 2 2 2 2 H2 1 F Kellv'" « il*5
C732 Searcher, 6 (O. P. Romlgh).. 102 15h4^42 4 338 T Clark 8 5 o
..734 Poesart. 6 (J. E, Case) 110 3 13 1 4 1 i* 1 n ' 4 \ Fletcher "" fl a
«732 Mr. Dingle/ 4 (Mrs. Sproles). 106 7 34 2n 6 655 68 J T Iheh'n « ift
Tlni sai tt pia^e-l: 3^^^ 10^^.^- 2 A 8h r z^^™^^
Winner, ch. g. by Flambeau-Experlment. Trained \y' P E Emlth sSatCh^iovl^;
Van. SUrt good. Won first three drftiag hard. Searcher much thetat 1^ 1,
B^aftSe'Sl.™ 3 : t0 ° thebe.t ri^^o^rt^uit.^HaT"
C74O. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mile.; gelling; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. -|Wt|St. \j. «;.StnFln. Jockey. Op. Cl"
C73S iJ. V. Kirby. 5 (G. Strobel).. ,|10C 5 2 1 3 n 3 1U2 1 14 HolbrooV o TU
«732 jPaet Master. 4 (Boughi.man).. 101 e 6 h 7 8 7 3 5 2 2 H FltSrU' \ *\\
?-10 David S. 0 (W. L. Stanfield).. 106 3 15 14 1211 3n J T IhSn « n I
«,T25 Ipetrolia, 4 (D. McCarty) 99 14h5%42 314« Herbert A °£
«.T32 Isabpllita. 4 (McNamara) »«8 71 6101 7 1 -fi S5TP er * ,. — ™ 25
(0703) San LuUon. 5 (J. H. Robbtns) 101 2 32 42 52 61 01 J^oT « " I 5
<A#7 Polr»nlu 8 . 4 (Stewart & Co.).. 97 48 8887^ Ro ft rh 5 ,1
C732 lyorth We»t ; 3 (Clifford & Co.)| 97 7 5 1 2n22 42 8~ Reed 2 18
2^^^ wS^ Ml" 8
g s oSg'%o "S%tr
Big Gathering Present
Last Day of the
Season.
They • Take Advantage of
Many Chances and Chase
Five Bunners Over Rubber
Takes Northern California
Association Championship
and Also Special Trophy
Six of the Twelve Entries
in Morris* Park Event Are
Thrown *ond Jockey Hurt
SAN FRANCIScb CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
CHAMPIONS HIT
THE BALL HARD
CARONAL WINS THE CLOSING HANDICAP
AND OWNER AND RIDER ARE SUSPENDED
HARVEY RETAINS
PREMIER PLACE
CHASERS FALL
AT STIFF JUMP
RACING SEASON ENDS IN THE PRESENCE OF A GREAT CROWD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1904.
36
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Seaioos grange and we fS&asf g wita f&era. jfl
W" I As warm weather approaches nature awakes from her C^*^^i^R^I
st asJ long winter sleep. The dreary months of bitter cold give
jjr [ way to sunshine, the ice king vanishes and the swelling buds T i^f 1
fc= ss=J! and tender sprouts give evidence of spring's awakening. The sap, 'S- —
I • the life blood of all vegetation, is coursing upward through roots and \i\
*==!) fibres, taking with it from the bosom of mother earth food for the growth j--W|
and development of vegetable life. Rich soil and a free and abundant
circulation of sap produces healthy vegetation, while poor soil and a deficiency of the life-
giving fluid means dwarfed or stunted growth and decay.
At spring's awakening the blood from which all animal life draws its sustenance and
which nourishes our bodies must be free of
|l! impurities and in a normal, tealtny con- =" *«»¦»« ° 8 ™ ,«*.
dition, or evidences of it will surely crop out T hava a g Olden opinion of s. s. s. wui har*, no other
in the form of SOreS and DOlls, red Itching blood mediotae In tbe house. I do not believefthere is a
•S22?Sia£%L «; w «Uc racnM and Vlrin ti™iKI<»« remedy made that oan compare with 8. S. S. as a blood
eruptions, pimples, rasnes ana SKin troubles purifl0Tf alt«raUve and tonic. It purifies and enriohes the
of every description. Warm weather Stirs the blood and gires tone and strength to all the organs. In
¦U1~~3 ~~A ;« *fc2 A 4T/xt-f frt VU-rrvrB fVi*.. o/v»« other words, it builds np the general health while driving
blood, and in the ettort tO throw Ott the aCCU- out poisons and impurities. I am a great admirer of
mulated poison is thrown mtO a feverish ex- S. S. 8. because I know it to be all you claim for it, and
~U~~~~~4. ««^ j rt f rtTIC . crofA on/I fTi* eViti ie flna> know, too, that it is superior to Sarsaparilla compounds
citement and riotous state, ana tne sfcm is tne aad 0^ tner ihingu T haY^ used> To BXL £ np wnat v haT0
chief Sufferer. The humors and poisons With said, S. S. 8. Is the prince of blood purifiers and I unhesl-
which it is filled are thrown off through the "JS&fiS IZf^MRs. hattie hoyle.
skin, and so long as the blood is burdened
with impurities sores and boils, pimples and , . -increased strength and energy.
blotchesf bumps and rashes will continue to, "— f
»',,*: a , . 1 • This spring * was greatly run down in health, and feel-
COme. Bad DlOOd not Only anectS tne Skin ing that I needed abloodlpurifler and tonic, I began the nse
but creates internal disorders. The Liver and of s. s. 8. and took some six bottles, with the result that
11^, , m lt put my dIoqjj In goo< i oondition, gave me increased
Kidneys act less promptly, tne Stomacn IS strength and energy, improved my appetite and digestion,
upset and the appetite usually fails, and this -J «£«•*•« «*• «'^«« »»«•
condition of affairs is bad on tne nervous sys- 45 York street, island. -J
tern and brings on that debilitated, run-down,
t*red-out feeling common to this time of the year. To remove from the blood all impurities
and poisons is necessary before there is a full and free circulation and healthy action in other
parts of the system. If your blood is all right then yon are prepared for spring.'s awakening
and the coming of warm weather. As a' perfect spring medicine nothing is superior to
S. S. S., which is made from roots and herbs gathered fresh from fields and forests, and not
.^pi^j. •', "_jnmto_ 1^^. a Particle of any mineral substance of any kfnd enters into
j#^lii^J j^jr^5l ;^J""i3 '* 1 ' w f~~"^ ™^»u- ~±»*-*y ¦ ™A S. S.S.Js the only blood
%¦ I ' \ purifier known of which this can truthfully be said. S. S. S.
for the blood is widely and favorably known ; it has been
|^J|Y |^JJ I^^^J used for nearly fifty years and is more popular to-day than
|PJ**s^^ v^^^ls ever - If 'your nervous, system is run down and the appe-
, t ite fails, or sores, boils, pimples, or eruptions of .any kind
begin to appear, it indicates the blood is not up to the proper standard and that it has become
impure and lost its power to nourish the body. Rich, pure blood and good circulation assures
perfect health; and freedom from many annoying. ailments peculiar to spring. You wijl find
S/S.S. acts promptly and will put your system in the best possible condition at spring's
awakening. If you have any blood trouble, write us about it and our physician will help
you get rid of it. Book on bloodi and its diseases free.
H THE SWIFT SPECIFIC I COMPANY, ATLANTA, GAm
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ,„¦„ ~~ '" ¦
Ii 17
YEARS'
EXPERIENCE
a — O
II DR. O. C. JOSIiEN.
£J The Leading Specialist.
I MEN ONLY
fj Seventeen years of studious, careful
¦ and conscientious practlc* In the treaA- I
¦ ment of a very few diseases Is a train- I
1 H * n K such as few physicians hava bad. 1 1
it I feel safe In saying that I bar* cured Ej
|| more cases of men's diseases than any
0 other two specialists In the entire West.
ft Every method I employ Is original wttli
*1 myself and has grown to perfection
H through this vast volume of experience.
1 o 9
fl 1 My fees are fair; my curea I
a I are permanent; yon can pay I
II I when yon are perfectly well. I
I ° °
y My Cure for Weakness
m Is sfmply a process of restoring- th«
kt prostate gland to Its normal state, and
tj this I accomplish promptly and com-
n pletely. My treatment Is a local one
£1 entirely. It Is original and scientific, '
JS and has been proven absolutely effect-
.. ive by thousands of tests. U
H I also euro VarJcocele. Spennator-
II rhoea. Organic Weakness. Lost Vf^or.
H Specific Blood Poison. Stricture. Plies.
H »te. Send for my pamphlet. "Llv« All
Ii Your Years a Man." Ifs free, and so
11 Is colored chart of the organs.
I Home treatment Is always
p certain and satisfactory.
1. 0. UJBLHI
I Market and Kcarny Sts. }]
I Private Entrance 702 Market St. I
I Office Hours — Week days. 9 a. m to O n
E p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. only. Ii
d visit. DR. JORDAN'S great 6
4 MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
fl MM* •••* — A— -. . ... 661. £l£i— , •>.<„!., Q
\ *^r The Lar:je« Aaatomical Mjsevua ia the \
V tm "t "jii World, ttcakne^et or any contracted A
i. ¥K?lara <****** P»»«i« •>7««r«« n * tha olde\t Y
O tSSL I b ?«"*.i»t an the Coi.^ Est 3* jtm. O
6 fl§^ J DR. JCRDAN-D'SEASES C? MEN 6
0 J JEpVC H I""" 3 "*"* peMOMUijr or by letter. A A
\ fl Tf VI 0 r—U*9 Corm in c»ery cue andena^ea. \
ii F It \\V »'rr» fcr B.»k, PBII.««nPHY ar A
" i 11 ¦t»m*tK. MAILBO FRE5. { A Y
A ii tl- valuable book for mra) \ '
V naJoaDi.ii a ro.iosi Market St.. s.r. r
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD V SK DAMIANA BITTERS. THH
Great Mexican Remedy; elves healta ana
.gength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Marktt.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Steamers leave- Broadway
/&>^-^8«\. w harves. piers 9 aad 11
/^yl_ \a\ San Francisco,
/ft/ Tft* "Ha \-*\ >'or Ket.hlkan. Wraagel
I I Wrl I I Juneau - Halnes, Skaffway,
\ \ \**^<tt/ / etc - Alaska— 11 a. m.. May
\«\ M ytf/. 5 ' 10. 13. 1». 25. 30. June '4.
V3J S <L_ -^V/ Change to Company's steam-
x5/»»sfc\\V/ ers at Seattle.
1**; For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Bel-
lir.sham — 11 a. m.. May 3, 1O. 13, 30. 23 3D
June 4. Chance at Seattls to tht s company*j
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ky.; at Seattls
««" Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver to
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1-80
p. m.. May 4. ID. IB. 22. 28; Spokane. li3o
p. m.. May 1. 7. IS. 19: Corona, May 25. 21
For Los Angeles <vla Port Loa Ane»>s and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa, Sundays, n a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Croa. Mont-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. May 7. 15. 23, 31, June g.
Santa Cruz. 0 a. m.. (freight only) May 11 19
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Joae dei
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. Lav Pax, Santa Jto-
ealla, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each,
month. For further Information obtain folder
Right Is reserved to change steamers or railing
dates.
TICKET OPTXCBS— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves, rreiffht Office, 10 Market st-
C. D. DUNANN, G«neraJ Passenger AreatT
10 Market «t., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Ox, 20 Sutter «t., win
call fcr and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP COO
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First aad
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlojgo),
Nagasaki and -Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamer* for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of "tling.
S. S. AMERICA MARO 7171771
Thursday. May 13, 190«
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at redoe«4
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com.
pany*» office. 421 Market street, corner Tint.
t W. H. AVERT. G«neral Agent.
O.'R. -» N. CO.
OREGON sails April 27. May 7. 17. 27 Jaa«
C. 18 and 26. GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar 2.
12. 22. June 1. 11 and 21. Only steamshlpllne
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through ticket*
to all points. Steamer tickets Includ» bertla
and meals. Steamer nails foot of Spear ¦». it
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Asx Past!
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD O«n.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
occanicS^xo.
— oi«ciu««»3TA«in,
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, May 14, 11 a. m.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa Auckl
land and Syndey. Thurs.. May 28 2*p m
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahlttt. May 20, u a7"m.
J.D.SPHICKELS k BS03. Ca.iCl.Ticm OSm 643 Jlir-*
teiSL. rusigai Qffica 329 Martst sl, Plen.Pasnsfo
• (.0M?A8KIZ QEHEBALS TKA53ATLAHTIQffr
DIRECT LINE TO UAVRE-PAIU3. J*-.*-
Satling every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. Irom Pier 42, -^iCSL?
North River, foot of Morton st.
First cla's to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. OEM.
ERAL: AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building) .
New Ycrk. J. F. FUOAfcl & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco,
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:3U p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves ValleJu ¦
7 a. k.. 12:."0 and tt p. m.. except Sunday '
Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60 ceat.C>
Tel, Main 1508. Pier 2, Mtasloa-st. 4odL
HATCH BROS^ \~ - mtm .. mKm \-
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
IQflA l^MW' San Francisco
¦¦lauH-ii KNnJriNGco. [ ""Ssftgg
"" BATHING SUITS
CM?S^ h • T • • • • • Wi S '"7S n to S25.O0
Also Ops, Show, Bath Rote. Water TTingi elc.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK
203 Ladles' Alpaca. Suits, neatly trimmed;
sailor collars; rizes 32 to 42. Regular pries $3.50.
For Outdoor Sports £U
Ladles' Knit Jackets. Tarns and Outing Hats
Men's and Boys' sweaters. Jerseys and Caps
Also Supplies for Tennis, Yachting, Baseball, etc.
Pfistcr's UNDERWEAR for Men and Women
Llnuret-Puro Linen j Vllluret-Pure Wool
Xyloret-Pure Lisle I Bombyret-Pure Silk
Is made to suit all seasons and dlmn, fits the form and combines "Comfort and
• Health.*? u ;v
300 Men's and Boys' cnrnillO *°0 Men's Jerseys, me-
Bathlng Suits and Trunks jrtulALo dium weight, striped, new
damaged wi hwintw goods. Special
Price FOB MEN $2;5O fNAVY COLLIER SATURX AND
GLKBOAT PETREL. WHICH SAIL
TO-MORROW FOR ALASKA.
Hold High Revel at the Clubhouse on
Oakland Estnary and Make
.Ready for Cruise.
OAKLAND, May 7. — The members
of the California Yacht Club opened
the season of 1904- this evening. To
morrow morning at 10 o'clock the
CALIFORNIA YACHTSMEX
FOIOLALTiY OPEX SEASON"
The starting gun for the opening
cruise to-morrow will be fired about
10 o'clock anci nearly every member
of the club will be present.
club fleet will hoist sail for the first
cruise of the year. At the opening
jinks to-night an excellent programme
was rendered, including music, spe
cialties and moving pictures. This
was followed by a clam bake, social
and smoker.
FROM SEATTLE.
At Rotterdam 7 poor people who "can
not afford to pay a fee arc married on
Wednesday before noon. ;
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. - Published by official authority of
the Superintendent.
NOTE: — The hlsh and low -waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both p'aces.
SUNDAY. MAY 8.
Sun rise* 5 :<¦><)
Sun sets ' i..... 7:00
Moon rises 1:22 a. m.
O ITImel Timel Time iTlme^
g. 1 Ft. ] 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
o |LW| H W| L W |H W
"5" 0:30 3.0 6:05 3.9 12:17 1.3 7:2f?f 4.0
9 1:25 2.7 '7:12 3.S 1:10 l.r. 8:05 5.0
10 2:10 2.1 8:14 3.9 1:5* 1.7 8:40 5.1
11 2:52 1.5 9:07 4.2 2:3.'. / 1.9 0:10 6.2
12 3:29 1.0 10:00 4.4 3:12 2.0 9:40 5 2
13 4:02 0.5 10:47 4.5 3:50 2.210:00 5.5
14 4:38 0.0111:34 4.4 4:27 2.3 10:39 5.5
NOTE — In the abova exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the . successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last- tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes - occurs. The helehts given are in
addition to the sounding of . the United . States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
Bigs precedes the height, and , then the number
given : la subtracted from the -depth given by
Steamer. ; ..." For. . r Sails.
Farallon Skagway & .Way Ports. May >9
Bertha....... Valdea & Way. Ports.. May 10
Humboldt...*. Skagway &,Way Ports. May 11
Corwln. .....' Nome .................. May 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 13
Santa Ana... Valdez^ft Way Ports.. May 16
Dirlgo....... Skagway & Way Ports. May 19
NomeClty;.. Nome .^....:. ......... May 25
' BERKELEY, May- 7.— The baseball
players .'of the Palo Alto Hh>h. School
defeated the Berkeley High School
nine'-" this -aftejiibon at Idora Park . by
ascore;of 13,to.8.. Palo Alto had all
fjie best' of it and' won every inning
from start to finish. There were" no
features, unless McGrear's three-bag-,
ger' in," the seventh, which ', brought
three" men. across the plate, may be
called a" feature. The pitchers oh
both sides' were touched up" often and
the fielding was '. none too good. By
winning: this game Palo Alto holds the
right 1 to-, meet the Lick, team 'for -the
championship 'of the" Academic Ath
letic League. .
Palo Alto Nine Victorious.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
~~~ May 8. 1
Eureka..... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Kosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
May 9.
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Acapulco... N Y; via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
NorthFork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
May 10.
Newburg... Grays Harbor ....I '4 pm Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt ...-- Jl:30pPier 9
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports,, 11 am Pier 0
May 11. -r\
Arcata..... Coos B. .&¦ Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Arctic...... Humboldt 8 am Pier 2
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor. ..... 4 pm Pier 20
g Cruz San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
v; ¦•¦¦¦ ¦' "May -13.
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier. 2
G. W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Anicr. Maru China '& Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G Llndauerj Grays Harbor. pier —
May 13. '
Spokane. . . • Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
• ' May 14.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 4pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu ..11 am Pier '7
Jeanle. ..... Seattle & Taeoma. 10 am Pier 20
San Pedro.. Humboldt ......... 4 pm Pier ¦ 2
Aurella.... Astoria & Portland 12 m Pier 2
May 15.
Bonita..... Newport &• Way.. 9 am Pier It
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
»; ¦¦:,; ..May* 17." - >, "...
Oregon..... AatorU. & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 18.
Nome City. Nome via Seattle.. ...... Pier —
. May 19. _
China I.Chinn"& Japan. ...[ 1 pm pier 40
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. Due- j
G. Dollar Grays Harbor May 8
Nome City... San Pedro May 8
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor May »
AV. Kruger..- San Pedro May S ,
Pomona Humboldt May 8
Santa Cru's.. " San Pedro & Way Pts. May 8
.Centralia.... San Pedro May »
M Dollar San Pedro May 9i
G W Elder. . Portland & Astoria May ¦ 0
Arctic Humboldt May U j
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. May 0
Mackinaw . . . Tacoma ........ .... . . . May !>
Arcata • Coos Bay & Ft. Orford. May 10
Czarina Coos Bay direct May, 10
Elizabeth..-.- Coqullle River May 10 |
jeanie Seattle & Tacoma May 10
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 10
Aurella. Portland & Astoria. May 10
p om0 Point Arena & Albion. May 10 -,
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor May 10
Alameda..... Honolulu May 10
Eureka Humboldt May 11
Spokane Humboldt |May 11
City piiebla.. Puset Sound.Ports IMay 11
Coronado. .. . San Pedro .... ... . |May 12
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena May VI
Santa Rosa.. San Diego &-Way_Pts. May 12
Bonita ...... Newport '& .Way Ports. May 12
Areo Eol River Ports |May YZ
p e ru New York via Panama. IMay 13
North Fork.. Humboldt JMay 14
Doric China & Japan IMay. 14
Oregon Portland & Afitoria IMay It
Kainler Seattle & Whatcom |May 14
S Barbara... Seattle & Olympia May 15
UmatUla Puget Sountl Port^.... May 1C
Sororna Sydney. & Ports. May 10
Ferapis .. Hamburg & Way Pts. May 17
San Juan.. •• New 'York via Panama. May 18
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma. .... May 18
Alliance Portland . & Way Pts. . May 13 i
TO ARRIVE.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N.", Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 7. 1D04.
The -Time Hall on the tower of the Kerry
building was dropped exactly at, noon to-day —
1 e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
+
Movements of Steamers.
Time Ball.
the charts. The plane of reference Js the mean
of the lower low waters.
Saturday, May 7.
Hr Ftir.r WyefleM. Watson, i days from Na
naliro.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn, Jahnsen. 7 hums from
Port Rcx5~ers.
Stmr Charles Nelton, Gunderson, C9 hours
from .San Pedro.
Stmr Argo, Dunham 2S hours from Eel
Rher.
Schr John A., Olsen, 49 hours from Eureka.
teclir Camano, SSaxe, 6 days frcm Port Gam
ble.
i^chr O. M. Kellogg, Iverssn/ C9 hours from
San Pedro.
Schr J. M. Colman, Peterson, 11 days from
AnsciTte-f.
Schr Roy Scmers, Sci'.and. 6 days from Grays
Baxter.
CLEARED.
Paturday. May 7.
Stmr Mongolia. Hinder. Hongkong and way
ports, via Honolulu and Manila, P M S S Co.
Strrsr Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas; P C S S\
Co.
Stmr Spokane, Nopander, Eureka; P C S S
Co.
Stmr Centennial, Strand, Seattle; E. T.
Krusc.
Hark St Katharine, Saunders, Ililo; Welch
& Co.
Schr Yr. II. Marsttn, Curtis, Honolulu;
Welct & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, May 7.
U S stmr Mohican, Holm<»!», Manila.
Stmr Mongolia. Hinder, Hongkong, etc.
Ftmr Curacao. Paulfft-n, Gunymas.
Stmr Cflia. Nordtxfre, Fifks Mill.
Ftmr Bonita, <3ielow, Fan Pedro.
Ftmr Oregon. Doran, Antorfa.
Ktmr Fanta Monica. Olsen. San Pedro.
Stmr Nushagak, Larten, Bristol Bay.
Stmr Spokane, Nopander. Eureka.
Stmr I>I Note, Payne. Crescent City.
Sinir Point Arena. Devitt, Point Arena.
. Stmr 'Whltesboro, Ol«-n, Greenwood.
Stmr Greenwood, Svrawon, Mendocino.
Stmr N»:v.srK>y. Adlor,- Crenf-ent City.
Stmr Min«-ola. Kirkwood. Tacoma.
Stmr Asuncion, llrldfcett. Redondo.
Ktmr Centennial, Strand, Seattle and Ta
ccma.
Ftmr Despatch, Le\ - inson, .
Fchr Newark, Rpinertsen, Fisks Mill.
Fchr Wlnslow, Birkholm, Ballard.
Srhr Melancthon, Stark. Coos Bay.
Schr VVebfoot. Lewis, Coos Day.
Schr Georse W. AVatson, W'eltkunat, Port
land.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Jensen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Uocamcnd. Fernald, Honolulu.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, Bolinas.
Schr Transit, KJintbom, Columbia River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 7, 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
VICTORIA. B. C, May 7.— It is feared that
both the schooners Triumph and Umbrina are
lost. Both seallns schooners ar« from here
ar.d are overdue. Wreckage found on the west
•-oast lately is eupposed to have come from the
Umbrina. '•>-V-.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 7— Stmrs George W
Eldtr and Geor?e Loomis. for San Francisco
Arrived May 7— Schr A. F. Coats, from Saa
Diero.
Arrived May 7 — Schr William Uentcn, hence
Apr 21.
T1LLAMOOK— Arrived . May 2— Schr C. T
Hill hence Acr 16.
EVERETT— Sailed May 7— Schr Luzon, for
San Francisco.
Arrived May 7— Schr William Olscn, h»nce
Apr S3.
Sailed May 7 — Schr Taurus, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH — Paseed out May 7 — Nor stmr
Tellus, from Ladyrmlth. for San Franelimo;
tlmr Fha*ta, from Fairhaven, for San Pedro;
etmr Jeanie. from Seattle, for San Francisco;
schr \VHltam Nottinfrham, for Sydney.
Passed tn May 7 — Stmr Santa Barbara, hence
May 3. for Seattle. Paseed out— Schr little
Bennett, from Vancouver, for South Africa.
Paseed in May 7 — Stmr Homer, from Aeto-
ARRIVED
Shipping Intelligence.
Washington 4 10 5
Batteries— Wadell and Schreck; Ja
cobson and Drill. .
Chicago ...;8 15 1
St. Louis ........7 14 1
Batteries— Altrock, Walsh, rind Sulli
van; Pel ty, Suthoff, Sugden and Kahoe.
PHILADELPHIA, May 7.— The lo
cals again defeated Washington by su
perior playing. Attendance, 7600. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 11, 15 2
Cleveland ...5 9 1
Detroit......... • 2 8 0
•Batterfes — Joss and Bemis; Donovan
and Butler.
CHICAGO, May 7.— The locals won in
a close game from St. Louis to-day by
a great batting rally in the last inning.
Two of , the visitors, Sugden and Burk
efet, were put out of the game for kick
ing. Attendance, 5600. Score:
R. H. E.
New' York .. ........ .:6 11 3
Boston • "3 6 2
Batteries— Chesbro and Maguire;
Dillon and Craig.
CLEVELAND, May 7.— Cleveland
beat Detroit again to-day by making
long hits" off Donovan. Attendance,
2100. Score: :
R. H. E.
Chicago ..' •'• 6 11 1
Boston :....5 10 1
v Batteries— Wicker and Kling; Wil
helm and Moran. Umpire— Zimmer.
ST. LOUIS, May 7.— The St. Louis
National team played New York here
to-day, the/visitors winning in a ninth
inning finish. Attendance 7S0O. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis.... 1 5 2
New York........;...... 2 9 1
Batteries— J. Taylor and Grady; L.
Taylor, McGinnity and Bowerman. Um
pires — S. Johnston and Moran.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON, May 7.— New York won out
to-day in a batting contest. "Attend
ance, 11,100. Score:
;'V:R. H. E.
and Dooin.
CINCINNATI.. May 7.— Cincinnati
found Poole's delivery comparatively
easy, but did not get the full value of
their hits in runs. Attendance 7000.
Cincinnati 6 12 0
Brooklyn .......:. 4 7 0
Batteries— Sudhoff and Schlei; Poole
and Bergen. Umpire— O'Day.
CHICAGO, May 7.— Wilhelm was ef
fective for four innings to-day, but the
locals hit him hard and timely in the
next four. Attendance 4300. Score:
- R. H. E.
(National.) | (American.)
\V. L. Pet. ! W. L. Pet.
New York. . .12 .4 ."fjOlEostoti 14 4 .778
Cincinnati ..12 7 .fi32j Philadelphia.. 11 H - tU7
Chicago ."... i) O.tiOOjNcw York... 9 7 .r-62
Boston CI S .529 St. Loula 0 S .529
Brooklyn . 8 8 oOOiChicago 10 10.500
St Louis 7 0. 438 !Clev« land ... S 8.500
PitUburg ... r, 12 .25)4 1 Detroit 7 10.412
Philadelphia.. 4^13 .235 (Washington . 1 16.050
NATIONAL LEAGUE, j
PITTSBURG, May 7.— With Doyle on
first in the tenth inning, Dooin hit to
the center field fence for a home run.
Up to that time only one man on each
side had reached the third base. At
tendance 5100. Score:
. , / R. H. E.
Pittsburg 0 6 -'
Philadelphia 2 4 1
Batteries — Love and Phelps; Douglas
Catcher Dooin Sends the Ball Over
the Fence in 11 Game at
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
HOME RON \S\ THE TENTH
WINS FOR MIIJjADELiFIIIA
rla. Passed out — Schr Wllbert L. Smith, from
Everett. lor Ban Dieco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Maj* 7— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 0— Stmr Nome
City, for San Francisco. May 7 — Schr Carrier
Dove, for Tacoma; bktn George O. Perkins,
for AFtoria; nchr Alpha, for Astoria.
Sailed May 7— Stmr Centralia, for San Fran
cisco.
RKDOXPO — Arrived May 7— Stmr Coronado,
for Grayu Harbor.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 7— Stmr
James S. Higgins, hence May 2; Ger ehlp
Emilie. for Antwerp.
POUT GAMBLE— Arrived May 7— Br ship
County of Llnlithgow. from Port Blakeley.
- COOS BAY — Arrived May 7 — Stmr Czarina,
hence Mpj" i.
TACOMA — Arrived May 7 — Stmr San Mateo.
hence Miy 2. ' \ "
Sailed May 7 — Schr Annie Larson, for San
Pedro.
POINT- LOBOS— Passed May 7, 12:30 p in—
Etmr Pasadena, from San Pedro, for Eureka.
EUREKA— Sailed May 7— Stmr Navarro, for
San Francisco. Passed May 7, II a m — Tug
Sea Rover, hence May 5, for Seattle.
Arrived May 7 — Ktmr Marshfleld, hence May
3; etmr Noyo, hence May 5.
Sailed May 7 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cltsco.
Sailed May 7— Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Hailed May C— Stmr
Olympic, for San Francisco.
Arrived May O— Schr S<-home, hence Apr 23;
Fchr Dauntless, heno? Apr 20. May 7 — Schr
Charles R. Wilson, from ltedondo; schr Henry
Wilson, from San Pedro.
LW1NSLOW— Arrived May 6— Schr Espada,
from San Pedro. '
PORTLAN'p, Or.— Arrived May 7— Eark Hal,
from San Francisco.
Sailed May 7 — Stmr Ze.«per, for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed May G, (i p m— Br stmr
Doric, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 6 — Schr Iioreal's, from Newcas
tle, Aub. : U S stmr Sherman, from Manila; U
S stmr Th»t1e, fiance Apr 25. May 7 — Br Etmr
Aorangi, from Vancouver; Klmr Nevadan. hence
Apr 2!); bark Albert, hence Apr 21.
HILO— Arrived May G— Schr Minnie A.
Catn<\ from Newcastle, Aus.
Bailed May 0 — Stmr Californian, for New-
York.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— .Sailed May 6— Br stmr Knight
Commander, for Manila.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared May C— Ship Ei
ekine M. Phelpe. for Honolulu.
' FOREIGN PORTS.
SALINA CRUZ — Sailed May C — Gcr stmr
Serapis, for San Francisco.
STA. LUCIA — Arrived and sailed May 6 —
Stmr Or^gcnlan, from Kahului, for Delaware
Breakwater.
PERIM — Passed May 6 — Br stmr Queen
Christina from Norfolk, for Manila.
SUEZ-^Arrived Apr 25 — U S stmr Kilpat
rick, from Manila, for New York.
FLUSHING — Passed May 0 — Dutch ship
Europa, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
DUBLIN— Sailed May (5 — Br ship Leicester
Castle, for Philadelphia.
IQUIQUE— Sailed Apr 25— Br Ehip Dovenby,
for Oreeon for order?.
PANAMA — Sailed about Feb 14 — Br bark
Pass of Leny, for Port Townsend. ,
HONGKONG — Sailed May 7 — Br stmr Algoa,
for San Francisco'.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Sailed May 7— Stmr Germanic,
for Southampton; etmr La Gaecosne, for
Havre; stmr Lucania, for Liverpool; utmr Vud
erland, for Antwerp; stmr Prinzess Irene, for
Genoa; etmr Bulgarian, for Hamburg; etmr
Mlnnetonka, for London.
LIVERPOOL — Failed May 7 — Stmr Cam
pania, for New York.
Arrived May 7 — Stmr Victorian, from New
York; stmr Winnifredlan, from Boston. -
NAPLES— Arrived May 5— Stmr Cltta dl
Torenia, from New York.
Palled May 5 — Stmr Cltta dl Napoll, for
New York.
BREMEN— Sailed May 7— Stmr Bremen, for
New York.
HAVRE— Sailed May 7— Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed May 7— Stmr United
Stater-, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed May 7— Stmr Zeeland,
for New York.
PALERMO— Sailed May 7 Stmr Ultonia,
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 7— Stmr Ar
abi:. from New York, fort Liverpool, and pro
ceeded, y:
» GENOA— Arrived May 7— Stmr Koenlgen
Loulfi*. from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived May 7— Stmr St.
Louis, from New York.
LONDON— Sailed May 7— Etmrs Maine and
Minneapolis, for New York.
\ Cargo for Midway Inland.
The steamer Francis H. Legget, which sailed
en Thursday for Midway Island via Honolulu,
carried an 'assorted merchandise cargo, valued
at $ti"l..tm:». The cargo included the follow
ing: i! cyls ammonia. 19 pkgra buiidins ma
terial. 31 ca canned eoods, 4S00 bbls cement.
27 pkes cork. U> cs coal oil. 222 sks coal. 3G4
drums calcium carbide, 4 pke? dry eoods, 10
pkss «i!ec«.rical goods. 5 c» gasolln?, 9 cs ginger
ale. 2<:i pk*s hardware. 12.WK) ft lumber. 25U
l.bls lime, 413 pkgs mill work, 25 kegs nails,
3S42 ;*-s clpe, J«j pkgs paint, 1 flask quick
silver. 22CJ scs steel. 005 crates Plate. 31 pkgs
windwilis. 19 c« wire cloth, 7 i>kgs woodfn
rnirf.
SEATLE, May 7. — Tacoma won to
day in a rough and tumble game. It
was give and take until the seventh
inning, when Tacoma gained five runs,
making two more In the ninth. Keefe
whs in the box for the winners. Score:
Seattle— I Tacoma—
AB.R. H. P.A.I • AB.R. H. P.A.
Van II, ct 4 1 1 4 1 Casey. 2b 5 2 2 2 4
Mohlr, 2b 2 0 2 2 2 Hnivn, rf 4 3 2 2 0
Jimlth, rf. 5 0 1 0 0 Nrdyk, lb 4 2 2 13 1
Frisk If. :i 112 OEgan, B..5 12 12
Dlhty, 3b 5 0 1 1 u Lynch, 3b 4 11 2 1
Brshr. lb 4 1 1 8 1 M'Lgn, If 4 1 0 10
Hall, S...3 0 0 4 1 Grahm, c4 0 2 5 2
Wilson, c 4 2 1 0 S.'Hogan, cf 4 0 0 1 0
fhields, pS 1 1 0 1 Keefe, p. 3 1 0 0 3
C.liall, pi 000 0
•Blknship 10 0 0 0 Totals. 37 11 11 27 14
Totals. 35 6 9 27 14 1
•Batted for Hall in the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 1 2 O 2 0 0 0 0 1 — 6
Has* hits.. 220 2 0011 1— 0
Tacoma 0 2 2 00 05 O 2—1 1
Base hits 0 1 S 0 0 1 4 0 2—11
SUMMARY, i V
Errors— ilohler (3). 'Wilson. Shields, Mc
laughlin. Earned runs— Seattle 8, Taeoma .1
(two off Shields, one off Hall). Two-base hits
— Van Haltren. Hannivan, Nordyke. Three
base hit — Frisk. Sacrifice hits — Mohler . (2),
Hall.- Nordyke. Stolen bases — Hall. . Egan.
Lynch. Bases on balls — Off Shields. 3; oft
Keefe. 4. Hit by pitched ball— By Shields, 1;
by Keefe. «. Struck out— By Shield* 4: by
Hall, 2; by Keefe, 4. Wild pitch— Keefe. Time
of game — Tv.o hours and twenty-three minutes.
Umpire — O'Ojnnell.
Kccfe Pitches Winning Ball.
The schooner \f. It. Marston was cleared
yesterday for Honolulu with an assorted
cargo valued at $12,000 nnd including the
rollowlnjr: 36C7 ctls barley, 136 ctls wheat, 42
ctls corn. 4D ctls oats. 154,468 lbs bran. Ml
bales hay. 1S0U lbs coffee, 2 cs wine. 10 cs
irroceries and nrcvlsiors, 15 bdls filter cloth,
<!2 Dk£!> Iron, 2 cs dry roods, 5610 gals dis
tillate, 103 cs acute ware. 22 coils rope, 2040
|>cs eewcr pipe.
Merchandise for Honolulu.
To Honolulu— 497 eals whisky. "10 bdls
Fhroks, lo rkjrs dry Roods, 3 pkgrs machinery.
1 pks electrical supplies.
To Ka£t Indies — 5.J4 cs assorted canned
floods. 13S gals wine. 26 cs honey, 20 cs meals.
2 pkgs wagon material, 55 Fkgs groceries ar.d
provisions, 267 cs canned^>almon, 3150 lbs hopa,
25*5 gals boiler compflU.
To iiian: — 14 ekes haiRlw'are, 1 pk» saddlery.
1 iks riaint. 1 pkg dry goods, 1 cs boots and
•¦h<^e."«. 2 cs soap. 4 pkes ETOceries and pro
visions.
oils. 41 r>kg->« hardware. 11 pkgs drugs, 14 pkgrs
dry grood.«. 7 ct toots and shoes.
W. L. Pet. ' ' W. U. Pet.
Tacoma 23 13 .B39 Seattle IS 16 .S2U
Oakland 22 10.579 San Fran 18 21 .462
Los Angeles. 22 17 .5<S5 Portland .... 8 28 .222
PORTLAND, Or., May 7.— Oscar i
Graham, who pitched for Oakland to
day, must have aimed for the home
team's clubs, for when the two hours
and more of . baseball was ended flf- .
teen hits, three of them three-sackers
and two two-baggers, were recorded to
Portland's credit. Murphy lasted two
innings at third. After he had made
three costly errors he was ready and
anxious to go to the bench. Castro
then limped to the infield, and, despite
his injured kneecap, played a brilliant
game. His batting was terrific.
Spencer made good at second and
landed hard on the ball. The score:
Portland — I Oakland —
AD.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P. A.
Drnan cf.5 0 1.20 Gnley, rf..5 0200
McCde', rf.4 0 0 2 0 Ffncks. s.5 0 0 4 1
Nadau, If. 4 2 11 0 Krugr. cf.5 0.1 2 0
Beck. lb..4 2 .1 10 o|Schidt. lf.5 0 0 10
Spncr, 2b.5 1 2 1 2|Schfly. 2b.2 1 0 1 '5
Muhy 3b.O 0 0 0 OlStreib. lb.4 1 0 12 0
Castro. S..5 3 4 1 llUevrx, 3b.3 110 1
Kcis, s,3b.2 113 3 Lohmn. c.3 1 1 4 2
Shea C...4 01 7 0 Grahm, p.4 1 2 0 2
Thlran. p.4 0204
Totals. 38 5 7 24 11
Totals. 3T 9 15 27 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
I Portland 0 2 3 1 0 0 1 2' x— 9
I Bas« hits 0 4 3 2 112 2 x— 13
Oakland iO 3 O 1 0 0 0 1 0 — 5
i Ease hits 11 0 2 0 0 0 2 1—7
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hits—^Taieau. Francis. Errors —
XaJeau Murphy 2, Ganley 2, Lohman 3, Gra
hutn. ¦ Earned runs— Portland 5, Oakland 1.
Stolen bases — Castrb, Graham, Beck. Bases on
balls — Off Thielman 3. off Graham S. Struck
out — By Thielman 7. by Graham 3. Two-base
hit — Nadeau. Three-base hits — Francis, Spen
cer Castro. Left on bases — Portland 11, Oak
land 7. Hit by pitched ball — By Thielman 1,
by Graham 2. Passed ball — I^hman 1. First
base en errors — Portland 2. Oakland 2. Wild
pitch— Thielman. Time of game — 2 hours and"
10 minutes. Umpire— Huston.
ST LEAGUE.
PACIFIC CO.
Portland ; Batsmen Land
on the Oakland Twirler
for Fifteen .Safe Bingles
.
Maucn> «>t liilerr^ to Mariners anil
Wiipplng Merchants.
• stei»rr slons.^lia fi!1«^1 yesterday for
via Hoaolulo. Yokohama and M»
lilla v.ith a F'.-n<T*l merchandise cargo, valu^fd
j.i $.: :.".i. UU7. <-xclasivf; of trcaMir". to be «lis>
tn!iutn3 as follow?: Kcr .'aDan, *2+4.OS2: Phil
idi in. I.-!ands. $12,57<t; Cr-ina. 9^0.405; Korea,
I12.K1; Kaft Indies. $:»54f.; Siam. $2221; llono
lain, The leadlnff esjujrls were as fo!-
Imv;
p To .Ta:>an— 1?.U-"3 steel rails, IS2 boxrn rail
T'!i'i^. 4MJ :'l-trs lo<ojnotlv-> n&.rtf. 'li^i j>ca
r«i!rt.ad car*. Z.V2. nlv^s UcjrcJca and sundries--,
3r<; iik.trs mmtWtuttt. \Ki pkg^ electrical sup
l-\\<-f. # Jir. !>a!>s cotton. a»M>4i> lbs itan barl:,
*~> t»U tsnnins 'xtract, HX'.tKR lbs^ rtc lead,
1 *icn Dig lion. 7<X» t-s alcohol, J.U) bxs soap. 4»i
bain boee, 374 ivii? t <¦« leather, tw pkps
rmiidlns material. 70 ooils ror*. 41CS b"Js
win^ 0542 Hit suwr. :{!<«» llts dried rruit, £70
jflza* enierrlf* and !..roviFi.>nf, T^at lbs dried
nsh. ;:- Jb» e!u:-o*f, 08 canned pooda. 2«J
phg« pa*t*. V2't lbs co!?e<». 15 cs table prepara
tions, rw IJ.S che^s^ 270 Iba bf ans. 3 ci bread,
1,40 lbs l^ani ;;nd daci n. 12 vkffs rubber Roods,
2i; c« dr>' rood*. ::7 pkgs druR« and ru'.diclnes,
13 pkps ¦Crfcuttsnl impiements. 2s pea 12 bxs
]>iT-*. 17 <•* b:>ct* anrl f-hoe?". 2 hbre«s, 1 cow.
yo-rhilij3iil.it JsliindF — a!.212 lbs ir.pal, 500
Ib« cod fie h. 0.S2 «-s ±?*xjrir*i caniied E>*xl*. 300
bbl» • t.ott!ed ijr^r. v« bxs Irteh fruits and
vocables. 12(J0 lbs br-ad, 05 bxs last.' 1200
!te lard. CO os rpices. <;r,i lbs glucose. 17 pkps
Broceries and provtitam, too its raisins B10
lbs dried fruit. 25 og whisky, iU)0 lbs coffee,
25|Cs honey. C*r, I'us i>earl barley. 5 cs frozen
o>|t<?rz. 14S vkga tiftirical eu'>pllcF 13 pkgs
machinery. 2« k-rs eoda. 43 bxs eoap :'.l balfs
3H «-s rubber boec. ::s pksa rubber coeds, 2
os hatg, 11 cs dry sood*. 3 pk(B wagon ma
terials. 8 pky? drups. 1 o: boot* an<i ehoes
To China— 2271 bV-s flour. «IS lbs chwse 74
cm canned coous, 875 !b» drS>d fruit, 574 pkta
Brooertea and provisions, IKK) lbs raisins SOuO
11*- nt-a'-l }->u.Tley. 1250 lbs «-i»dfiRh. 520 Il»s
nitals. 10.C4O lbs salt flth. 125 ca&ks botU«-d
l#«r, 21 pl^rx drlfi ti*h. 5 rolls leather, 7130
lb» to!>acco. 3 l>alo« rubber hose.
To Korea — 01*20 lbs ham and bacor.. 1C0O
11><5 eugs«r. {{CO Iba bepns, 7 pkss Krooerifg and
Jirovislons. r>7 cs table prer)arallons. ,N2 cs
<-anne<i eoods. 10 ca canned ralnwn. 14 cs
paddlrry. 07 pkgs machinerj'. 10 pkgs furnitur*
id ca electrical euppllcs. 9 pkc» paints and
?
XFAVS OF T1IK OCKAX;
The Pacific Mail Company's big liner
Mongolia, Captain John H. Kinder In
command, started yesterday on her
maiden voyage to the Orient. Owing
To the fact that her departure followed
closely the sailing of the Oceanic
r Steamship Company's liner Sierra, the
Mongolia carried comparatively few
liassenpcrs for Honolulu. She had
thirty fur Manila. ho\>evcr, and a total
• number in the cabfn of 105 passen
gers.
I'he Tacific Mail wharf was thronged
with friends of the departing passen
zcjrs and pecrple curious to see the larg
•vst liner start on her long voyage. In
.her coats of n<.>xv paint, with decks
scrubbed white and bruswork shining,
the "Mongolia presented a handsome
appearance as she backed away from
tht.- wharf, straightened out on her
«.ourpe ar.d commenced her Journey sea
ward.
Although she carried little more than
• half the cargo her holds will accommo
date, the big liner was drawing more
than thirty feet. She anchored off
Jtcivg's wharf and there waited until
high water, when Ehe hoisted anchor
and went to sea by way of the north
channel. Pilot Scott guided the Mon
golia clear of the dangers at the har
ber's entrance.
T.he Mongolia carried about 8000 tons
Vf t.»rgo. mostly for Japan.
AV. Morgan Collector of the
Port of Manila, sailed on the liner, ac
companied by his wife. Lyman L
Mo-wry, counsel for the China Com
mercial Company, was also a passen
ger. Count Mutsu of Japan and his
daughter are returning to Yokohama
<>n the Mongolia. Count Mutsu is just
recovering from the effects of an oper
atioii fc-r appendicitis, but went away
in good spirits, having received, a few
minutes before the liner left, official
notification that the entrance to Port
Arthur was bottled up effectively.
.Aanong the passengers to Honolulu
were: Mr. and Mrs. A. II. Afbng. Mrs.
Henry Glass, wife of the admiral com
aianding the Pacific squadron, whose
flagj-hip will be in Honolulu when the
Mongolia arrives; J. It. Harry, port
steward of the Pacific Mail Company,
•and Mrs. H. P. Schwerln and two chil
-dr*-n.
Tho Mongolia carried about eighty
Asiatic passengers. Her cabin passen
gers inc!i'd"d ihr following named:
A. H. A lung. Mrs. A. H. Afong. L. E.
Arnold. Mrs. A. Bennett. Mrs.
.J. M. Brock. M. M. Brown, Mrs. M. M^
•Drown. W. A. M. Burden. Mrs. W. A.
M* Burden and maid. Miss L.. Chase,
Mis? K. Colburn, George Davis. G. J.
f'irukmann, Mrs. G. J. Finckmann, A.
(lartley. C. Georgi, Mrs. Henry Glass,
J. U. Harry. C. K. Hedeman, Miss
Hobte. 1. J. Hurd, Mis.s,J. L. Kelly.
S. M. Marks. C. A. McDonald. J. Mein
ecke, Mrs. J. Meinecke. B. R. Meyer.
Mrs. B. B. Meyer\ C. F. Oliver, Miss
Mary Romero, J. J. Savage, O. D.
•Sherman. Mrs. O. D. Shrrman, W. L.
.•Shiels. Mrt=. W. L. Shiels. Mrs. K. P.
Bcfawertn and two children. Miss Alice
• K. Thompson. Miss C. A. Tisdale and
Miss J. Wollner.
Yokohiina— K. Aral, Mrs. K. Arai
and child. R. KL Ashton, Captain Glenn
Collins and valet. Mrs. Glenn Collins
and maid, T. Hatano. Count Mutsu,
Miss Mutsu. Miss E. I'assingham. K.
l\. Roger?, Jamos K. Jteed. Mrs. N*. F.
It. Hmith. B. F. Weaver. T. Ya
ii":ada and H. Yamaguchl.
Kobe— Mrs. G. \V. Carleton and child,
Jliss J. li. CuiU'ton, B. Fuller. Mrs. G.
C<ea»=on. OeorRe Martin. M. M. Shoe-'
maker. Miss K. Woods and Mr. Yuraa
pi^-hi.
Nagasaki— Mis. M. K. Day.
\ Manila — R. M. J. Armstrong, Dr. IT.
C Bicrbovver. F. H. Bolster. Frank
Carll. Dr. R. H. CampbeU. R. J. Chard.
«', M. Clark. M. Crano. D. M. Erwin,
*•'. \\". Ferguson, Miss F. Furnas. H. H.
ifartwoH. B. K. Johnson, Mi.ss B. 12
«K*irk*land, Dr. W. W. Langheim, J. EL
T. Mackenzie, B. H. Merillat, C. A. Mc
ifcCe. F. T. Rcising, W. P. Robrrtson.
James C. Scott. Jan^s J. Shea, W. Mor
pan Bhuster, Mrs. W. Morgan Shuster.
J. Silvennan. Mjfs a. M. Sleei>er, F.
11 Smitji. Mrs. G. P. Thomas, A. ML
Wiley and C. R. Wise.
Hqnjfkong— Dr. John Kryer. Rowland
.Isrxe, Ljnian I. Mowry, Mrs. A. 1^
BIe#Oer, J. E. Whitcher jind Miss 1^.
Willcox.
GRAHAM PROVES
AN EASY MARK
MONGOLIA TAKES HER DEPARTURE
ON FIRST VOYAGE ACROSS PACIFIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY S.". 1004.
37
: : ADVERTISEMENTa,
9 ¦
9 m
Efa&HLY :'jt&B^B^SS 'mjHSSSk? IMr xo man should be weak; no man should suffer the Ios3 of that vital element
O !Mg^ggWBBH|roa^gj@g>y which renders lifo worth living. No man should allow himself to become less a
© MrB^Trr^.^lIllEDOTEjBTlSr^ll man than nature intended him; no man should suffer for the sins or his youth.
Q when there is here at hand a certain cure for his weakness, a check to hla waste
« JaR^^ri \£3&§ii£Sf8&&&m£!£i Most of the pains, most of th* weakness of stomach, heart, brain and nerves.
•* /fflfinelfc from which you men suffer, are due to an early loss of nature's reserve power
k3*w>**" \BSsBSe3i5psfaF through mistakes of youth. You need not suffer for this. You can be restnrerf.
9 p-fllllsteL. ' Tlie very olernen t which you have lost you can get back, and you may bo aa hup-
¦tt aS^^m^ - ' My'Klectric Belt, with'special Electric Suspensory (free) will restore your
t% BtJ^SS^S^'k tK&23»* w&lSi power. It will check all unnatural drains and give back the old vigor of youth.
A WsHaDh W. S. McCuisten. Los Angeles. Cal.: I am more than pleased to be able to te!l
«h HRK^Ia V^^^^ra you that after wearing your Belt but one month I was completely cured. Thera
2 f^pWfjfTiiHBoM' '"' \ \ vf&Sg&Wi 1 3 not tne least trace of my old trouble remaining, and it is ray opinion that your
»• VwS$li£fiji»^V\ I WSIeS^ treatment is the greatest remedy extan^. I assure you that it will b<; a great
O V^ffl^nPBkVjA ji^^O pleasure to me to recommend the Belt Whenever I can. for it had saved my
A ffi^KfBffi|BKgfl3ra^K§^Sf t ' This drain upon your power causes Kidney Trouble. Rheumatism and Stomach
O Ailments; you know it's a loss of vital power and affects every organ of the body.
m > -Wfflmr3Tfi£zigw\f^V$%&&i Most of the ailments' from which men suffer can be traced to it.
Jf PjJEJfaCuftgffllffjBfBI TOBaffif *' I have ure J thousands of men who have squandered the savings of years in
5 .'¦¦'¦ X K«n^r!S9fiwjB^ My Belt is easy to use; put it on when you go to bed: you feel thn glowing
9 heat from {t n0 stin S or burn aa in old style belts), and you feel the nerves tln-
Q j^ iSrSt l^M : : • You Bet up in the morning feeling like a two-year-old.
a Jy &rJ&B% iPrKTfSBTf Men Alfred S. Hamlin. 105 Elm street. Reno. N'ev.: My health has improved won-
m W^iI$&£2£ffl££l&E- y 'y/%m2i derfully tluring the past month. I feel better in every respect than I ever did.
9 f£jS5TiSfflfflyft^J> < iF/*e§9 back is stronger and I am better generally.
ft - JPt^alBRB$K/&k£m£ > 'J&i{&* An olfl nr ? an of 70 says h . e feeIs as strong and young as he did at 33. That
® I &r %^^S^^^»^'*!^^^a II cures Rheumatism. Sciatic Pains, Lumbago, Kidney Trouble. It banishes
g) 'Aw.^^^SJ^'^^^^C^rt^S^ In George Tanner, Watsonville. Cal.. says: I wore, the Belt only a few times
O M-Gi3^^CK' !^^^mt^^S^^. when all pain and weakness left my back. I recommended it to a friend up
«» igKlSafesAvQil^Eft north who had lame back for years, and he received wonderful results.
2* |^S^ J^^SaMUt%^^ViA What ails you? \V*rlte and tell me. and, no matter where you are. T think T
S Bafaff s^clS?.'^S^SgaS. H pfcrevM ¥& can give you the address of some one in your town that I have cured. I've cured
• TBBj^yT^^^WIqgBBfeRiSBP'Wk thousands, and every man of them is a walking advertisement for my Belt.
® j^gMgff/Mj^WwMMamiiaMll" \m Every man who ever used it recommends it because it is honest. It docs
9 oml great work, and those whom I have cured are the more grateful because
a tP?fi.§*fe>fr Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice and the counsel of a phy-
© -X v^fe^tflfliiBBlwi <Vr£<flgk YKSfiJ^ siclan free. I give you all that any medical man can give you. and a
IS Try my Iielt - Cal1 or write mo to-day for my beautifully illustrated
iJB§i?\$lf B «^^«l^^^'t »^^^^^^H§^ hnoV. with cuts showing how my Belt is applied, and lots of good reading
® rStfaHMfc I ¦ CTMtS^E^tI ' h v-JTOM8Sa^y for - raen who want to be '"The N'oblest Work of God" — A MAX. Inclose
® f^luS' ¦KEffl^^W»ii $JQraffi»vC this al - and I - Wlu send thIs bookl sealed - free - CaU for free consultation.
I -HnvB dr. m. c. Mclaughlin.
% ¦ *' »^^y^^^^OT^SHJHfcft^^ >^ ° 06 MARKET ST., ABOVE EI.I.ZS. SAIT FRANCISCO.
q never sold by drug ¦¦ stores or agents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I8BpS8B RluLnAlUnu
J^^^^^^^^^^^^ll|| Than any other Refrigerator on
THRO' THE HEART
OF THE ROCKIES.
THE Rock Island System forms a part of C
the -Scenic Line across the continent,
thro' Salt Lake City and Colorado Springs j:
to Omaha, Kansas City, Pcoria and Chicago. |
Through car service is as follows : p
Standard sleeper daily San Francisco to |j
I Chicago. Stops five hours at Salt Lake. 1
Through tourist sleepers from San Francisco, |l
Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. • |1
1 Regula^aily train service via El Paso. r
! The trans-continental traveler who has never £j
< seen Utah and Colorado from a car window, does ' I]
¦•.'/not know how wonderfully beautiful the best i
; scenery, in the United States is. For hundreds of |
miles the line runs in full view of snow-capped |
V peaks, rushing rivers and through frowning |
caverns. Take it for that reason alone, if you j-j
-wish, but also because no other line crossing the |]
contia^nt surpasses it in excellence of service. fj
-'.¦^ Full information on request — ;Call, write, |
telephone or telegraph.
I X ' l^SfHl^nB C. A. RUTHERFORD, f
¦^JM?nnJlilTO District Passenger Agent, jj
¦Fvrfig_6»irAijM»Bg" 623 Mixkct St»i Sin Fr3-ncisco* «1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
65K.R 3-CTX. "UKIOS" MABIUTE EKOIWE.
"Union" Engines, for all purposes, in all sizes, from 2 to 300 H. P.'They
run on gas, gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special fittings for ker-
osene and crude olL Send for catalogue, stating requirements.
UNION CAS ENGINE CO. 247 First Street, San Fnnciseo, Cal.jj Services at the churches to-day will
be as follows: .
. Epworth M. E. — Holy communion
and reception of members this morn
ing and brief address by the pastor.
Evening, "The Path of Life Unique,
Difficult and Momentous." Pastor,
R«v. F. A. Keast.
' Cimpson Memorial — • Morning,
"Grace and Gladness"; evening, "Why
We Are Not Unbelievers." Pastor,
Rev. John Stephens.
Trinity M. E. — Morning, "The Feast
to Be Kept and How to Keep It";
evening, sermon to women on women'a
work. . " .
Central M. E. — Morning, preaching
by -the pastor, Rev. George W. White;
evening, same.
Howard-Btreet M. E. — Morning,
"Limiting God"; evening, "The Prog
ress of Sin." ' Pastor, Rev. A. C. Bane.
• Rev. Marlon J. Lline, D. D., a gifted
speaker of Baltimore, will speak this
morning at the First English Luther
an Church. i
A meeting for men only will be held
in the auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian Association, Mason and El
lis streets, this afternoon, beginning
at 3 o'clock. Robson's orchestra will
give " a concert beginning at 2:50
o'clock. The address will be given
by* Henry Wilson Davis. Theme,
"Eternal Life." Mrs. Partlngton and
her sister. Miss Hussey, will sing. This
meeting: 'will be followed by a social
gathering in the parlors, to which all
young men are cordially invited.
1 Rev. Dr. Carradine, the eloquent
holiness evangelist, preaches at the
Penlal' Mission Hall, 49 Third street
(entrance on Stevenson) at 2:30 and
7:30 p. m. to-day and at the same
jjlaee and time daily to May 16.
Many Themes of Interest Will Be Dis
cussed by Able Speakers nt
Various Churches.
PASTORS SELECT TOPICS
FOR THEIR DISCOURSES
When nine inches of snow falls in
New York it costs the municipal treas
ury $200,000 to have it removed.
Dr. Ilomlin Goes East.
-*" OAKLAND. May 7. — Dr. O. D. Ham
iin v/ill leave to-morrow for an ex
tended Eastern trip, including attend
ance at the convention of the Ameri
can Medical Association in New York.
During his absence Dr. Hamlin will
visit all of the large hospitals and
•will spend several weeks at Johns
Hopkins University In Baltimore,
where extensive original research in
medical science is in progress. Dr.
Hamlin will be absent two months.
NEW YORK, May 7. — The follow
ing Californlans are in New York:
From San Francisco — Miss Carberry
and Miss N. Conner, at the Murray
Hill: W. Edwards, at the Astor; Mrs.
L. J. Harding and E. F. Mitchell and
wife, at the Herald Square; H. M.
Maher, at the Astor; Mrs. F.' Mon
tague, at the Broadway Central, and
F. J. O'Hara and wife, at the, Im
perial.
Califoroians in .New York.
OAKLAND, May 7.— Rev. C. M.
Hill, pastor of the TentJf-avenue Bap
tist Church, will leave Monday to at
tend the national Baptist missionary
societies convention at Cleveland,
Ohio. Dr. Hill will deliver an ad
dress there on the "Religious Import
ance of the Pacific Coast."
Goes to Baptist Convention.
CHICAGO. May 7. — A dispatch from
Los Angeles announces the death at
Pasadena. Cal., of Andrew McNally,
head of the publishing house of Rand,
McNally & Co. McNally had not been
in good health for some time, but his
death, which was due to heart disease,
was sudden and unexpected, lie was
one of Chicago's wealthy men and was
rated well up among the city's mil
lionaires.
Death of Wcll-Knomi Publisher.
Celtic Union Picnic.
A well attended meeting of the
picnic and festival committee of the
Celtic Union was held last evening at
room 396, Parrott building. J. D. Con
don presiding. The various sub-com
mittees presented reports. B. J.
Silver of the committee on games re
ported that, in addition to the various
other sporting events, there Would be
a yachting and swimming contest, for
which valuable prizes would be
awarded to the winners. The general
committee consists of one delegate
from each of the eighteen societies
represented in the union.
¦ ? ¦
Yonnjr 3Ian Dies Suddenly.
OAKLAND. May 7. — John Joseph. |
aged 19 years, residing at 614 Adeline
street, went home from his work at
noon to-day and shortly after eating
dinner was taken suddenly 111. He
died before a physician could- be
called. . i < . - . . . .
Within a mile of Johannesburg build
ing contracts to the amount of mora
than $10,000,000 are being carried out.
Mrs. L. Taylor, mother; T. K. Tay
lor, the brother, and Mrs. R. Platt, an
aunt of the woman, were present and
ready to tell their stories, but what
they had to say was only hearsay and
under any circumstance was not ad
missible. Judge Melvin, however, told
Louis Lenz, the husband, that if the
charges were true he should be pros
ecuted. Lenz'f family denied them.
OAKLAND. May 7. — Cornelia Lenz.
against whose husband complaint was
made that his abuse of his wife was
the cause of her losing her mind, was
adjudged insane to-day and commit
ted to the State hospital at Stockton.
None of the charges made by the
woman's relatives were investigated,
as Judge Melvin held that the matter
¦was not relevant to the examination
for insanity.
Charges of Cruelty Made by Wife's
Relative* Against tlie Husband
Are Not Investigated.
MRS. CORNELIA A. LENZ
IS ADJUDGED INSANE
Michael M. Shoemaker of Cincin
nati, author of "Great Siberian Rail
way" and other Works, was a passen
ger on the steamship Mongolia, which
departed yesterday for the Orient. He
is on his way to Tokio in quest of in
formation concerning Lafcadio Hearn,
the well known writer, who mysteri
ously disappeared recently from To
kio, Japan, where he has been living
for a number of years.
C. Georgi, a retired capitalist of
New York, who has been touring Cal
ifornia for several months, left yes
terday on the Mongolia for China and
Japan. . ...
Julius Kruttschnitt. director of
maintenance and/operations of the
Harrlman lines, arrived "in this city
yesterday from" Portland, to which
point he went after accompanying
President Harriman eastward as far
as Omaha. He expects to remain here
two weeks.
C. B. Simmons, a rancher, of. Vlsalla,
is at the Lick.
Dr. arid Mrs. H. W. Fenner of
Tucson areat the St. Francis.
; A. E. de Yoe, a prominent business
man of Modesto, is at the Lick.
Dr." Edward E. Pierce of Providence,
R. I., is staying at the Palace.
John N. Eddy, a lumber man of
Port Blakeley, is at the St. Francis. .
Bank Commissioner John Markley
is down from Geyserville and regis
tered at the Lick.
PERSONAL.
On his arrival in this city Mr. Good
man organized an artificial stone and
cement industry. He was given near
ly all the early contracts for the pav
ing: the city sidewalks. Mr. Goodman
was also given the contract for laying
the foundation .of the Stanford resi
dence, the Stanford University build
ings and the State Capitol building.
He was a prominent member of Live
Oak Lodge No. 61, Free and Accepted
Masons, of Oakland, and several other
fraternal organizations of this city.
Deceased leaves a niece and nephew,
Maurice Menasses and Kate Menasses,
of Stockton.
After an illness, lasting for. several
months, George Goodman, 75 years of
age, and one of San Francisco's most
prominent manufacturers, passed away
at his residence, 1062 Post street, -late
yesterday afternoon. Mr. Goodman
has resided in this city since 1873 and
has Jived in California sjnee ,1849,
when, with many others, he came to
this coast in search of gold.
Rest at an Advanced Ac*. 1 .
Pioneer of California Is Colled ' to
GEORGE GOODMAN IS DEAD.
Manuel Candamo was the man ac
cepted for the provisional Presidency
of Peru in 1S95 by the revolutionists
under the leadership of Nicholas de
Piero-la and President Caceres, where
by they agreed to .stpp fighting. Senor
: Candamo chose his cabinet from all
factions and he was a'ble to unite the
country. Four years later he was elect-
I ed President by a great majority. —
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Tibbitts gave
a fancy dress ball at their handsome
residence,' corner of Fell and Steiner
streets, a few nights ago. The house
was prettily decorated for the occa
sion and the costumes worn by the
guests were elaborate and attractive.
Among those present were:
" Mrs. J. Williard Beam, Mrs, Ed
Drake, Mrs. Joe White, Mrs. Glafke.
Mrs. Hainsworth, Mrs. Cowles, Mrs.
Will Squires, Mrs, Edward Records,
Mrs. Charles Wilder, Mrs. Buttrick,
Mrs. Randall Phillips, Mrs. Robert
Tibbitts, Misses :<! Jessie and Dasie
Stfadling, * Mrs. Marion Creelman,
Ethel Beam, •• Pauline McNutt. -Ina
Raiford, Messrs. Williard Beam Jr.,
Ml Glafke. Ed Drake,. Randall Phil
lips, Charles Cook, R. Martinette. Ed
Bull, Edward Records, Charles Wil
der, Al Buckman, Joe White, John
Black and Walter. Scott* ••
SOCIETY EVENTS
LIMA, Peru, May 7.— President Can
damo. who has been ill for some time
at Arequipa, died to-day. ' "
The President's death is deeply re
gretted, as all political elements regard
him as ,an honorable man devoted to
the true Interests of the country.
PERU MOURNS
THE LOSS OF
A LOVED SON
Mr. Campbell made a reply, expressive
of his feelings for. the mark of appre
ciation shown him. , • ... .
This most 'pleasant affair was ar
ranged under the supervision of the fol
lowing named committee: Sir Knights
Robert B.V!lIoore, Frank. W. Sumner,
Harvey D. Loveland, John -W. Hoyt
and Robert McMillan.
Those present at the festal board
were: George S. Andres, CyS. Benedict,
J. H. Bruce, John Bennett, D. ,T. Berry,
Joseph C. Campbell,. Philip^ D. Code,
William Cluff, J. Fessenden Clark,
George Di Clark, Robert N. , Carson,
Frank Dalton, Willis G. Dodd, A: J.
de ! Lamare, R. D. JDavls, WiHiam Ed
wards, Charles L. Field, Tlrey L. Ford,
John Farnham, George Filmer, Theo
Frolich, John Faubel, J. E. Gardner,
William J./ Golche,r r W. L. Growall,
John W. Hoyt, Samuel J. Hendy, J. A.
Hammersmith,' T. iV. Harris, Frank M.
Hall, S. W. Hemenway, William H.
Jordan, William D. Keyston, Harvey
D. Loveland, B. H. Langley, F.'V. Lee,
Robert McMillan, 'A: W. , McKenzle,
Fl-ank McGowan, \ WHllam McKay,
Frank D. Monckton, Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay, Robert B. Moore, .W.: Frank
Pierce, Jonathan M. Peel, Theo Reich
ert, .William C. Ralston," H. ,V. Rams
dell, Frank ."W. Sumner, Clarence M.
Smith, H. G.\Stevenson, L. B. Smith,
James. G. ; Spauldlng, A.' G. : - Towjje," A'.
H.' Vail, Cyrus S. Wright and Alexan
der Woodside,
A most elaborate supper was then
discussed, and at the close there was
presented to the guest of 'honor a gold
and Joweled triennial souvenir Knight
Templar badge, symbolic of the mys
teries,_,of the organization. Then fol
lowed the following regular, toasts and
responses: Sir William H. Jordan re
sponded to "Wall Paper," Sir Duncan
E. McKinlay to "The East and- the
.West," Sir Harvey : D. Loveland to
"Friendship," Sir Tlrey L. Ford to "San
Francisco's Message to Chicago, or the
Campbells Are Coming," Sir Frank Mc-
Gpwan to "Fraternity," • Sir Frank ,W.
Sumner to "The Young Templar" and
Sir Philip . D. Code, the commander
elect, to "Our Young Friend." / '
COMMANDER REPLIES.
Last evening a number of the mem
bers of the commandery tendered the
retiring commander a banquet in the
Maple room of the Palace Hotel. In ad
dition to the guest of honor there were
present as special guests Eminent Sir
W. Frank. Pierce, grand commander of
the Jurisdiction of California, .and Past
Grand Commander Sir B. H. Langley
of the Jurisdiction of Minnesota.
The position of ibastmaster was filled
by Sir Robert B. Moore, who explained
that those present could not allow the
leader of Golden Gate Commandery to
retire from the. position, and particu
larly, as he is to absent himself from
the Jurisdiction, without letting- him
see how much they appreciate his
worth. ¦¦> .-
To-morrow night there will be Instal
lation of the new officers, by the retir
ing commander, and at that time ho
will be the recipient of a valuable
Jewel and a "grandfather's clock" as
tokens of. fraternal love and of appre
ciation of the interest he took as head
of the organization. . ' ¦'-• ¦ -• ¦
"I thank the members of. Golden Gate
Commandery for the, every kindly and
courteous treatjnent accorded me as
their commander during the last year,
which has made.. the work incident to
that office a labor of love and pleasure.
"The Templar year now closing has
not only been a successful and- pros
perous one to .the commahderyi but
also, I am satisfied, a very • enjoyable
one to ; the individual members, and
most-gratifying -to your commander. I
desire to again express, my sincere
thanks for the .cordial apd'Joyal sup
port which I have received during my
year as the executive ol this command
ery from its officers and members, and
for my successor in office and for-those
who in turn will follow- him I earnestly
bespeak the; same hearty co-operation
and support that you have so willingly
accorded- me and" my predecessors. -
"Harmony and sociability, together
with earnest and zealous energy de
jvoted to. the advancement of^ our noble
Templar principles have marked this,
as well - as preceding- years, and kept
Golden Gate CommaAdery on the high
pinnacle" upon" whicti "its" ' lounders
placed it: and to these pauses and to
the generous and loyal support given
its officers., by the members of the com
mandery must we attribute the success
of the Templar year Just closing."
TOKENS OF AFFECTION. " ; ;
Golden Gate . Commandery No. 16,
Knights Templar, of this city will sever
official relations to-morrow night with
one of its young officers, R. W. Camp
bell, who on the following day will
leave for Chicago. In. his valedictory,
read at the meeting held last Monday,
when Philip D. Cole was elected to suc
ceed him as commander, air. Campbell
said:
Elaborate Banquet Tended
. tQ Prominent Knight
Temphr.
R. TV. CA1IPBELU WHO WAS -
GIVKX FAHEWKLL DINNER BY
.GQCDEX GATE COMMANDERT.
¦- . Sembrich was almost herself again
yesterday afternoon. She sang: to an
audience that filled every nook of the
Alhambra a purely delightful pro
gramme in a purely delightful way.
There was still some small evidence of
strain in the upper range of the voice,
but even that had disappeared in the
"Parla" that closed the programme.
There will be another concert on Tues
day night. Mr. Greenbaum has per
suaded the singer to cancel a northern
date to give it. By that time Madame
Sembrich, who rather unkindly imag
ines that San Francisco is a kind of
hcodoo town for her, will be in such
trim as to persuade her that we are
the luckiest city in her itinerary.
And yet who dare ask a finer delight
than the Paradies and Lotti songs,
"M' ha presso alia sua ragma" and "Pur
dlcestl," or the old French "Mon Petit
Coeur Soupire" as they were given yes
terday;- than the incomparable lilt of
"The Lass With the Delicate Air." In
comparable madame is here in the old
Italian school, as in Mozart— in its no
ble and elegant gayety, its delicate pa
thos. As encore to this group the sing
er grave the Bizet "Pastorale."
The tour de force of the afternoon
was the "Ernani" "Involami," splendid
ly .sung, its glittering trills and rou
lades the acme of lovely vocalism.
Schubert with "Du Bist die Run," the
"Auftraege" of Schumann, the Brahms
"Wie Melodien" and" "Vergeliches
Staendchen"— the v tetter's delightful
drollery encored insistently— and a very
dramatic song of Richard Strauss,
"Caecilie," formed the next group. The
Strauss song was also repeated and
elicited a second encore, to which the
singer responded with the "Nussbaum"
of Schumann, the very exquisiteness of
lieder singing:. The .Arditi "Parla"
closed the programme.
Mr. Ganz, .whose accompaniments
were again of the best, gave also a
thoroughly musicianly rendering of the
Brahms G minor rhapsody, with three
Liszt numbers and a d* Albert scherzo.
The. Tuesday, programme Includes
'Batti Batti," Mozart; another new
Strauss song, the' Rossini "Bel Ragglo"
ar.d the Bellini "Ah no Credea."
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
SEMBRICH WINS
APPROVAL OF
VAST AUDIENCE
.THE SAN.-yfeAKCtSCQ.'-C;ALi:,r: SUNDAY, .MAY 8, lmt.
YOUNG LEADER
IS HONORED BY
HIS CONFRERES
38
A.tv/2AAar srwr. VVK^-J^nvil
ir^iz-c /or yrr- Vsis* • jE&>¥J I
• -«< sxa *>£, jzLEcrx/crry ojz
ST&VCJ.XE ' JfJiCMZ 0£XfO.ir—
3TA.<TTojr rjrrs wz&e » &uj, oa
369 Sutter StreeL
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Acd all other JacUl blemishes are removed bjr
DR. aafl Mr*. A. W. TRA\"ERSE. Dcnoho*
bundlnr. 1170 Market str«et. ccr. Taylor, roonia
CS-2». with th« electric needle, trlthout paia or
gear; ' pennaiwpcy ritrtctwd: hourg 1 to 4 p.m.
-i 1
CONGO BONGO.
~~~~~~~ 0
Latest Music Novelty of the
Year.
All That You Have to Do Is to
Put It Up on Your Piano
and Play It.
FREE FREE
XEXT SUNDAY CALX*
ADVEBTISEMENTS. \> _!'_}.^-' :
Ifiss Sarah MtcComb, whose "hair Th« »bcw ph«e«">H •£ Wn Tnnct* Mwte Mist V$j Densmore, zsn t!» Ioaj|es«.
toncheatlacfloorwhcnahestendsettct, J^iX^^^W^n^S balrtd lad/ ta «Jm» worid. 5.y« -Iha^trjed
says: "My hair Wd not irach below -^^l^ftcE? iSJ&S&S&l rwD«<Uf^ t^ ,««.ttdm y halrbaa.
my waist when I co«ia«aced nrinr :tf^ l S^r5£5V <^5^TS3i^S g»*».^« an tocb to tengih .rtry B oo A
my waist wacn i conunencea nsng Brw^ u» U»jt« iU mm-UmtiM-imd »U»~ I eoam«»ced tansa. It sorely con-
Dandenne, and it id now over five feet * STL^^^JL^^^^^ **» *** «saukab!y m^gon^z quail-
in length - (Look at her .tentiM £fcg£*&t$G&£&Z&&. *-." 0«l« D««S wriS« iKL
hair and judgfi for yourself whether or u*in^?S5 *** *** t! * t Daadertnc had mada her hair
rot she got the worth of her mosey.) . «»ou*h » touch O»» toorwU* A« stands «nct br C«* «*•¦ ftct loafer than it wms Batun2Ir,
v -..,.:;¦¦.. - - : ******* u*mywn*U. «ad h sttn sTDvier.) . . ;
Hoop--^. I IPRETTY SUBSTANTIAL! T^^^^Z,
pbotosr.pk. .od Mi» rnUUr Ur mtfill 1 srssr'sy*: ootpjtoto.
t^'lJSSZ* I I is IT MOT? I ASSSsr^-.^gg^r^^
.For Sale and Quaranj^d^
ADVERTISEMENTS. '. _ _' _ '
I KVbmeris Apparel Exclu^ve^ 1
I 117 Geary_Strect ,' |
3 The Fashion Salon begs to direct your attention to g
'I I the magnificent collection of high-class and distinctive |
g summer apparel at most moderate prices. The collec- I
S tion, which is augmented daily with new models and de- j|
jj signs, includes the very latest in Walking Suits, Gowns |
II and Outer Garments. ||
S Taffeta Silk and French Voile Walking Suits |
j Colors and black, at $35. $37-5O, $40 and $45- m
9 Mohair Walking Suits ' . |
i la fancy and plain weaves, at $30, §45 and $60. H
1 Shirt Waist Suits in Taffeta Silk fe
S, Ftom $22.50 to $45- - • - 1
I Organdy, Unen and Lace Gowns 1
h For seaside, country and evening wear, at $18.50, $24, |
p. $30 and up. |
If Coats and Wraps of Taffeta. S'ftSfflJ? 1 1
j] I Tbree-qnarter and full length, suitable for traveling, B
LI train, carriage and evening wear, at $15, $.25, $30 A
HI /~v C*-^ C?«l,x At Most Marked 3'
I Un special oaie phcc concessions |
|| High Class Costumes |
[- jj True to our principle not to carry over one single gar"- 1
jl ment, we offer at special sale Monday and during the -jj
|! week the remaining high-class costumes, • both ini- 1
¦ ported and domestic, at simply nominal prices, and |
if much below 'cost of production. . . I
[I All $250 and $225 costumes at $125. " - g|
I] All $195 and $175 costumes at $100. J
jj i»Il $125 and $115 costumes for $75. £
. :V ., , ' . ' '¦¦: .-\> NEWMAN; A IJEVtSSOS. " " " ¦' ' -' — -¦/'";• — '¦
r ........
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
STORE OPENS 8:30 A. M.. CLOSES 5:30 P.M.
Ladies' Stylish Waists at $1.25 Eaeh
'.''' '. . (Tfcird Flo»r Ke*rny St.)
Six beautiful styles of new Summer Waists on sale to-morrow at this extraordinary price.
Each style is a novelty in itself and theyalues are such that they should be particularly interesting
to ladies preparing for their summer outing.
Waists of White Lawn; trimmed with Waists of solid color Chambray, front .Waists of Madras, strictly tailor-made,
fine embroidery and cluster . and back prettily trimmed _ . In blue, green, tan and black
oMucks, each............. $1.25 with stitched straps, each.. $1.25 stripes; very stylish, each.. **.^>
Waists of White Lawn, with center Waists of Percale, white pound with Waists of White Cheviot, Jn. latest
pleat of embroidery and eight hem* polka dots; made with duchesse weave— made with duchesse front
• stitched tucks forming yoke, ¦ „ front and new full sleeves, . _„ and prettily tucked; - c
each... ...:.-. $1.25 each $1*25 each S 1 *^
Glearance Sale of Fine Tapestries
' (Second Floor Sitter Street) ' .
, These two lots of Tapestries are emphatically bargain lots — it's our annual clean-up sale — and
to effect a quick clearance we offer them to-morrow at these greatly reduced prices :
Choice Tapestries, 50 inches wide; in Oriental strfped Hundreds of yards of Imported Jute Tapestries, 52 Inches
designs, also Damask effects, in brown, Wue, red and wide, in a great variety of handsome floral, oriental
green — suitable for Portieres, Couch Covers, ok and bafdad effects ; re jular price 65c and 75c Kf|r»
Draperies, etc.; regularly 35c yard, sale price £OC pef yard, reduced for this sale to '. ovrc
Embroidered Shirt Waist Patterns
$3.00 to $4.50 Values ==s On Sale Monday at $1.50
." (First Floor Kearny St.)
These Embroidered Waist Patterns are,saj^les fresh from one of the foremost manufacturers
of St. Gall— and, being samples, they naturally represent his best and most artistic workmanship.
Each pattern contains a handsomely embroidered front piece and \% yards of plain material.fot
back and sleeves — all are of fine quality white Lawn, many embroidered in white, others -
in dainty washable colors. We have just two hundred and fifty of them — worth regularly . VI Kll
from $3.00 to $4.50 each. Your choice, while quantity lasts, to-morrow, at jPlw"
Ladies' Knitted Blouses New Wash Fabrics-
(Third pioor Ke.my st.) For Summer Wear, at Special Prices;"
Blouse Jackets are the accepted garments for golfing, (Sec»»d rioor Sutter st.)
boating, horseback riding and general summer use. These r:. nn . i ,,„_. ,. in ,u M wf j. fin . «h^r nnali*v in a larre
white, navy blue and red — real value $2.75 Qfk Batiste Lawns, 20 ins. wide, extra fine quality, in an en-
— special price to-morrow. 5p±. cf U tirely new line of Dresden effects; special per yard 15c
I THE NEW SUITS HAVE ARRIVED I
Great varieties of pretty Suits for Ladies, Gents, Girls and Boys are now beingshown. .
in the most desirable color combinations — all most moderately priced. . .
High-Grade Black Dress Goods /
. - (First Floor Kearny St.) ¦ ¦:'."¦
The very best values obtainable will be offered in our Black DressGoodsDepartmentto-morrDw-.
The fabrics are the freshest, newest and most. fashionable — every desirable" .weave at your disposal.
. Black Natte Cheviot, 48 Bla*ck Voile, 44 inches Black Crep: de Paris. 42 Black Mohair Crystal, 46 ,
inches wide — a fine quality wide,! in the celebrated inches wide — an exquisite inches wide — a beautiful, ..
all wool fabric, specially Priestley make, guaran- silk and wool fabric, much bright, lustrous, fabric,
adapted for Suits" and teed fast black — a material in demand for summer irt choice figured effects;
. . Skirts .— worth $1. 25, of superb quality, real dresses; worth $1.25 — real value $1.75 — our
special at value $1^25, our price special price
/T5C a Yard $1.00 Yard .j. $1.00 Yard $1.25 Yard
Notable Values in Knit Underwear ; .
(Main AUle Ke»rny St.) *
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed Cotton VESTS'— light weight for Ladies' White Cotton Ribbid UNION SUITS, with long
summer wear, in low neck and no sleeves, oe or short sleeves, also sleeveless — a fine light- .^ K
white only; exceptionally fine value at, each. oOC weight garment in white only; per suit...... «OC
Ladies' Lisle Thread VESTS, Swiss ribbed, with yokes Ladies' Fine Ribbed Lisle Thread UNION SUITS, in ankle
• beautifully crocheted by hand, sleeveless, . c/\ length, with long, short or no sleeves; white- * t e
white, only; real value 75c each, spscfalat. . . OUC only, one of the best values ever offered; suit »J>1 .ZO
¦ Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention —• Samples Sent to Any Address. ;
*. . _:_._ ___ . k
ADVERTISEMENTS*
f. Oor Offer
Jr Tune Your Piano Free
' /j' ¦ If there is a Square Fi&no in your
jjH^ home, and you live In San Francisco, *Jm*^^"
mFw . and will send us your address at £&
JSjr once, we'll tune your piano, and do so Mw
entirely free of cost to you. Scores of my
requests are already on file. The JW
earlier you send yours the earlier we JSr
can do the tunincr. Remember, no J&
>^^ charge will be made you. Tuning is , j£jr
C»» P.ll 4«<K t «rny 5ti. ifOne Hundred Years Ago.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
March 21. — Mr. Nicholson, from the
committee of Ways .and means, present
ed a'bill .further to protect the seamen
and conjmerce.of the United States
against the Barbary powers.
The bill provides that an additional
duty of 2 % per centum per
annum be laid , upon all • im
ported goods at present charged
with a duty ad valorem, and an addi
tional duty of 10. per cent on all such
duties payable on ¦ goods Imported In
foreign # vessels. . The^ proceeds of th^se
duties are^o constitute a fund to- be
called the Mediterranean fund. The
duties to cease within three months
after a treaty of peace with Tripoli, in
case the United States are not engaged
in war with some other of the Barbary
powers. The; President is authorized
to cause to be purchased, or built, two
vessels of war, to carry sixteen guns
each, and as many gunboats aa he may
think proper. One million of dollars,
additional to the sum heretofore appro
priated., is placed under the; direction
of the President for the naval service,
which sum' he Js authorized to borrow
at a rate not exceeding " 6. per cent!—
Commercial Advertiser (March- 28).
The KennebunkporCcorrespondent of
the Record recently' was talking with
a lady who is a native of - this • town
whose family was one of the first to
settle in this vicinity. During the con
versation she made the remark "that '
she would rather be denicoed," and
upon inquiry said that she had heard
the phrase used by members of her
family-during her childhood, .but could j
not tell where it originated. Being j
somewhat Interested in historical mat- .
ters. the writer, keeping the expression
in mind, found that in 1T55 the English, '
who were at war with the French and
Indians, had taken the French people
who resided in Nova Scotia prisoners
and had distributed them among the
different towns of the English colonies.
These unfortunates were called the '
French iieutrals. The person assigned
to Arundel, now Kennebunkport, was
Joseph Denico, and thus originated the
expression that rather than have some !
misfortune come to them or do some i
very disagreeable task "they would
rather be denicoed." After nearly 150
years this phrase Was used in ordinary
conversation.— Biddeford ( Me.) Record, i
Ktj-molojjy of "Denlcocd/'
Some amusement was recently caused
among those who attended a S-saay
school prize distribution at Twii.*e i
ham, England. In the early years of
the last century the Rev. G. Cham
pagne was vicar of the parish, and he
left £125 in trust, stipulating that. the
interest should be spent in buying
books ' and clothes as rewards* to the
ten poor children who had made the
greatest progress in religious knowledge
during the year. The announcement
that the "Champagne prize" would be
distributed to the young people was so
puzzling that the present vicar deemed
it necessary to make this explanation.—
New Tork Commercial.
Champagne Prize Explained.
* When the programme of 1900 #¦
Voropleted Germany will. have afloat
thirty-eight flrst-cla«s battleships,
fourteen large cruisers and thirty
eight smaller cruisers. But mark «1
afi&ijions are about to be made to this
programme. The present Reichstag
triU probably authorize the building
ef thirteen additional cruisers and an
other squadron of eight battleships. It
.is planned now to have the pro
gramme of 1900 completed by 1906,
five years before the time originally
•set. Germany has now thirty-three
battleships built and building. — New
York Commercial.
Ger.wujr's XaTy.
Attesting the frequency of golden
weddings in these times are ¦ the ar
ticles displayed in certain shops of a
special suitability for gifts on such
occasions. In making them the best
quality of silver is used, and then there
is an overlaying of fourteen-karat gold.
So in all that meets the eye the gift
will be of pure gold. Probably i* will
wear, too; outwear, indeed, the recip
ients of it by a good many years, and
descend to other generations as heir
looms to be treasured carefully — th»i
more carefully, it is very probable, be
cause in days to come golden weddings
may be more uncommon than now.
The business of cutting off in their
prime marriages that, if all went well,
Ehonld reach the half century mark, is
in such a flourishing condition in the
divorce courts that golden weddings
must be rarer In another fifty years.—
Boston Transcript.
Golden Wedding Gifts.
Since the earthquake in Palestine last
April some one circulated the story
that the mouth of the river Jordan
had been eo affected by the shock that
the level of the river had been altered
to such an extent that at the place
where the historic river goes into the"
Dead Sea there was now a waterfall of
considerable depth and strength. This
is^ altogether false, and no change
whatever has taken place at or near
the mouth of the Jordan. The writer
has just spent some days there and
made it his special business to inves
tigate this matter. Much has also ap
peared from time to time in the pa
pers and periodicals about steamboats
navigating the Dead Sea. This, too,
is a fabrication. The only boat on the
Dead Sea is a small sailing boat, about
twenty feet long. This vessel makes
trips, as the wind allows, from the
north end of the sea to the bav on
the eastern side of the tongue that
divides the water near the middle.
Here at this terminus some Jews are
located. The whole concern Is, in fact,
in the hands of the Jews, who, at a
low rate, buy wheat and barley from
the Arabs, to be delivered on the sea
shore. From there it is shipped to
the Jericho side and carried on donkeys
to Jerusalem, where it finds a ready
sale at . a good price. When adverse
winds blow the little craft is in danger
of being swamped, for the "so-called
Dead Sea becomes a living mass of
waves. The writer recently spent four
nights such as never be forgotte*
on these waters, and the smartness of
the old man at the helm and his boy
with the three sails saved us from
being wrecked again and again. A
charge of one mejedie (three shillings
and four pence) a trip is made for each
passenger, and for such a unique voy
age It is not exorbitant. There is some
talk about a small steam tug being put
on' the sea, but the authorities are loth
to grant permission. It will be a great
boon when, if ever, it does arrive, as
it will bring the east and west sides
of Jordan nearer to one another for
communication and trading purposes.
— London Graphic
It Is a Small Sailing Craft, Being
About Twenty Feet in
Length.
THE ONLY VESSEL .
ON THE DEAD SEA
During one of Liszt's visits to ' St.
Petersburg he was invited to a soiree
at the Winter Palace and was asked by
the Czar (Nicholas I) to play. He went
to the piano and began one of his Hun
garian rhapsodies. But the Czar en
tered into an animated discussion with
one of his generals, and, after a minute
or so Liszt, without troubling to Invent
a conclusion to the piece, stopped and
left the instrument. Missing the"*ac
companlment to his talk the Czar sent
one of his chamberlains to ask why
the performance had ceased. "The Czar
mu?t well know," said Liszt, with a
steely flash in his gray eyes, "that
while he is speaking every other voice,
even that of music, is bound to be
mute," and, turning his back upon the
outraged functionary, he stalked out
of the room. — London News.
Liszt, and Czar Nicholas L
8AN JOSE, May 7. — Miss Mlra
Cushingr. a 16-year-old girl, had a mar
velous escape from death at Alum
Rock Park this afternoon. With com
panions she had gone to the park for
an outing. While playing near the
edge of a cliff she lost her balance and
fell over. The vertical fall" was more
than a dozen feet and the roll down
hill a distance of between seventy
flve and 100 feet. She was picked up
unconscious. Over the left eye there
was a gash and the flesh was laid open
to the bone. Her elbow, knee and
ankle were badly bruised, but no bones
were broken.
GIRL. FALLS FROM CLIFF
! AXD SUSTAINS INJURIES
Hamilton tried to make the jump
with a parachute while the wind was
blowing a grale. The balloon steered
agralnst a pine tree and a rope caught
in a limb, tearing the parachute loose.
r Hamilton fell a distance of 100 feet,
landing on his head. The fall rendered
him unconscious. No bones were
broken, but his face and side were lace
rated. Doctors fear that he sustained
Internal injuries. ' •
. LODI, May 7.— Frank Hamilton of
Oakland while trying to make a balloon
ascension at" Woodbridge this after
noon narrowly escaped instant death,
and may yet die from the injuries he
sustained.
SANTA CRUZ, May 7.— Business
men of Boulder Creek have decided to
open a # much desired stage line for pas
sengers, mail and express from Boulder
Creek to the State Sempervirens Park,
orA'fiat was known as the Bis: Basin.
Tlie old Union Mill property, just
outside the confines of .the park, has
been purchased. A large building: Is to
br transformed into a lodging-house
and raany ( cabins will be made into cot
tages lining the edge of the wonderful
park. Surveyors are at work prepar
ing lines for an electric railway from
Santa Cruz to. Boulder Cretek. -
Special Dispatch to The C*I1.
Doctors Fear That the Man
Suffered Internal Injuries
in the Parachute Accident
Surveyors Busy With the
Preliminary Work for a
Railway From Santa Cruz
BALLOON STRIKES TREE
ELECTRIC LINE PLANNED
Boulder Creek Business
Men Are to Open the
Way to Sempervirens Park
Oakland Aeronaut Falls One
Hundred Feet at Lodi and
He Ma>- tose His Life
DISASTER ENDS
AERIAL VOYAGE
STAGE TO RUN
TO BIG BASIN
'¦'¦'-¦ ¦¦:'.¦ ) " • .. ¦ - ¦ - '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY S, 190#.
39
URANDS
MATI^'BES SUNDAY AND SATURDAY.
! bS^ng- Matinee To-day
; I MELBOURNE I
I MacPOWELL I
In a Maaulflcent Production of Sardou's
1 CLEOPATRA |
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 50c and 76c.
* f /S A T A "O Belasco Allayer.
ALCAZAR .otiss.
. •. ' .~ . . , General Manager.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
LAST SUNDAY MATINEE TO-DAY.
Arthur W. Plnero's Great Play.
THE PROFLIGATE
EvK.. 23c to 75c;. Mats. Thur. & Sat.. 25c to COc
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ONE WEEK.
The New York and London Comedy Success.
THE TVVO SCHOOLS
v First Time In San Francisco.
Thursday •Matinees Resumed This Week.
May 16— Julia Marlowe's Succeai. :¦"¦¦ ' V
C LINETTE
A Comedy-Drama. by Henry Guy Carleton.
Market «t.. Near Eighth: Phnne South 5.11.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
-The Overwhelming Success, . •
DR. JEKYLL
AND MR. HYDE
TO-MORROW NIGHT—ALL NEXT -WEEK.
Magnificent Production of.thr Celebrated Ro-
. mantle Drama.
THE THKE - MUSKETEERS
BRILLIANT CAST'. SfPEP.n SCENERY!
" GOIIOEOVS'COSTWIES!
ISO— PEOPLE OX THE STAGE — 150.
nnirCC Evenlr.grs .^lOc to BO?
rKlWC3 Matinees... . ...10c. 15c. 25o
Tl VOL I So^
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
POSITIVELY UVST. NIGHT.
WHENJOHNNYCOMES
MARCH5IVG HOME
BEGUCNING -TO-MORROW ¦ NIGHT
! :Th«v : " ;.„ ,| A I ' Night.:
Greatest I n'fMAWJtV 1 London
Musical I.HUWAWAY 1-,aoft
;Coxnedy, 'J. . |CIRL| .. NlghU :
.'."-. r. ; ; I I ;„ , . ". N«w York
. '• > PRICES-^25c; '60c. 75cl .
"¦"' Box. and -.Mezzanine .Seats, .91.00. ¦ '
MISCELLANEOUS ' AMUSEfitENTa.
ITALIAN VbATTLESHIP LISURIA
Will • receive" visitors SUNDAY * AFTERNOON
for the last time before tailing. Take launches
from Clay- it. wharf. C. A- McNELLL. Launch
Co. ¦ W''. ':[ ¦¦ ¦' :>/¦; : V' :>^"
?DVZSTISE2CENT&.
. DEVELOPING
and PRINTING
[at cut rates- 1
. My low prices on this work, to-
gether with my excellent artistic de-
veloping and printing, have made my
work appreciated all over the coast.
Here ere a few figures:
DETELOrorO:
Roll of 6 10c Roll of 12 16c
raiJSTUQ:
E.^lio finish. .2c-5c ) Velox finish. 3c-6c
OATLZOST LOAOZVO FILMS, in
all popular sizes, at my usual low
prices.
Mail orders promMly iilled.
\C\C\ visiting *zr\±
eOMttCT fcTYLCS -*«D SIZCft. ALM
IWiXM AND »«OHKK>n*t CMDt f
THAT MAN PITTS
-r*W*J>1TTS-'n.» Station**-
1008 Market Street ••V^uV
'Sari rVnr»cii.co-
WEAK MEN CURED.
Have you trteJ oth?r
dKF^^^\ methods and etlll find you
CB s»rc Sexually TYezk? We
/?J5jji I \var:t yoa to try our* on
H irn <5»S'«' trial and ap-
Kl !.rcv,|. Oar "PerfectKl-
V^k i~yl v-ACVl'M DEVELOPEU
*f|-|<^lffTj * rC INVIGORATOR will
AWSfiBSSf i^»p!!"* J'ou »ith confld«-nce
Tffiwffy f rom th< flr»t application.
It will quickly and nat-
r urally R'vt- you the FIRE
• nd VIGOR of : youth.
t>cd mith cur s-luh!e ae^icttsd urethral cray-
'«-~^- c^* >>tT "»t"«'.' — 11.11* .1^ .L._|
tjvjf meOi cure where all elte fail«s every case d
Gleet. Drains. U5s*e». Prenuttureness, Enlargi 1 -
nn*nts of the Prostate Clan*, etc. Investigate
ocr rw.ter.ied tusr^r.sory and compressor lor
V«ricoc«ie— the only r>os!tiv« local cure. Dr
Ll«-well>-n. on* of our staff rhycicUn«. has
dtneovered a manelou* remedy, used locally
that -will GTVE ArriON AND PRODUCE
Kf:srLT6 IN FIVE M [NITER. We war.t to
appeal to your Jufcnwr.t and int^lligMjce. CaJ!
rn us or write tor our nr-w profusely Illus-
trated book No. fi. It fully explains our re-
narkable mooern hor»» treatment. Sent secure-
ly waled fret. Our physician* cure all disease
of rntrj - by new. Improved methods and no.
ti.oney required until cure 1* effected. Private
entrance. Don't l»«ritaj*'. <-al! or write to-day
H^ur». 9 to U: fcui»<1«v. \t t to 1. HEALTH
APPLIANCE <:O.. (lOTtrrell rt.. near Market.
HOTELS AN'P RESORTS.
(New)BOTELBUTLER
SEATTLE.
RKMOJJELV:D AND REBUILT at expectecr
*2«Vf».nf/>— New Mfir-ajfemcni— ENTIRELY FIRE-
LOCATION— Very aoeeswJMe to street car
i.rcs, theater*, etc. El'ROPEAN PLAN
2Z-1 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several j*-tvat« rcotas la antique decorations.
Turk-.rh Hath^ Is Hot*L
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De Stel-
per. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince «rf Wales.
" HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tion* l.. every room; lone distance connections
made witli any part of the Coa«<t.
Wire Tor reservations, at our Cxpe&se.
HOTEL. BUTLER. Seattle, Wash.
Pfllarp bONT fail to!
IdldtC wc thi beautiful
j COURT Lounging
. film room, the EMPIRE
ttUU parlor, the
C.^ PALM ROOM, the
UfHIlU LOUIS XV PAR-
UIUUU LOR, and the LA-
O • J _| _ DIES' WRITING
flotels room.
Arc the Frisco Papers Read in Oakland?
This Question to Be Determined by<the Pommer-Eilers
Coupon Piano Sale There This Week
o — : — i : : — _ -o
$2SOO . . GUT THTlJi* OU r *3Q "SO
POMMEE-EIMRS MUSIC OOMPAWT I3TRODUCTOKT ADVEBTISHfO
COU7OZT. 825.00.
This coupon will be received at the ~"ommer-Eilers Arcade Warerooms.
473 Twelfth Street. Oakland, during the great Introductory Coupon Sale, •
and Is good for a cash payment of
TWJCWTY-PIVE OO-lOO DOLLARS.
Toward the purchase price of any Piano in stock.
NOTE. — We agree to accept this coupon exactly the same aa cash* on
any Piano in this sale, and monthly or weekly payments for the balance
may be arranged for to suit the convenience of the buyer. Delivery of the
instrument will be made immediately or at any time in»future.
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC COMPANY.
o — ; ¦ ¦ : — <i
We publish here an advertising coupon. It is worth exactly $25 Cash. If you
live across the bay. or at any shipping point convenient to Oakland cut out, the
coupon, nnd take or send it at once to the Pommer-Eilers Introductory • Piano
Sale, which commences to-morrow morning in our new store, which we are
opening to-morrow In the new Bacon Block. The coupon will be accepted exact-
ly the.same as $25 in gold coin, toward payment of any •Kimball., or Hazelton. or
Decker, or Hallet & Davis or any other of altogether thirty different highest class
American makes of Pianos.
During this Introductory Sale we propose to sell to retail buyers of Oakland
and its tributary field one hundred and fifty-four fine highest grade brand-new Pi-
anos, amounting to $38,500 at-actual wholesale cost., with .freight added, which
means to you a saving of at least one-half lower than these or other s-amc grade
of., instruments regularly retail for in Oakland or any other city.
Nor is it necessary to pay all cash. ;
The coupon will be accepted as payment toward r*iy Piano desired, and pay-
ment for the balance may be arranged in little mor.tiiiy installments or other-
wise, as best suits your convenience. •
Every Piano sold is fully guaranteed. /
Store will be open day and night till sale closes.
Hear in mind the number. California's busiest and best Piano dealers. Pom-
mer-Eilers Music Company, in tho beautiful new Bacon Block, 473* Twelfth
Street, Oakland.
FOR THE FRISCO F°LKS ,
Durir.sr the coming week we propose to "clean house' at our San Francisco
salesrooms. 653 Market Street. . . f
There are numerous slightly used instruments that have come to us in part
pavment for high-grade Upright and Grand Pianos that must be disposed of at
once No matter how little you wish to pay. $20. $35. $55. we'll give you a Piano
f or it and we'll furnish a Piano "that will be worth at least one-third more than
we are now asking for them, . ¦ *
Prominent among a lot of exceptionally choice bargains are '
Cost Worth Sale
Maker. * Description. * New. Now. Price.
Xlmtall Beautiful mottled walnut case, used less than two
years in one of this city's finest minsions, and accept-
ed by us in part payment for baby prand $550 $3S5 $268
Sohmer — Fancy mahogany case; shows little usage 500 3fiO 245
Cfclckerlnff — Elegant redwood case: 2 pedals 550 375 252
Egtey Fancy mahogany case; cannot be told from new. ... 375 265 178
Emerson Largest size: handsomely carved .. .. 375 2S5 186
Decker The genuine old reliable Decker &. Son; exquisite
tone: case shows a few slight mars T 550 400 316
Vooe— Fancy-mahogany; latest catalogue st3'le; practically I
new "'5 283 190
Smith & Barnes— Fancy, large sized carved oak; fine tone;
perfect in every way.. • 350 ISO 128
Wine & Sons— Latest catalogue style, with all instrumental
attachments: received in part payment for a fine new
Kimball parlor grand .-• •••• - 7 » 175 136
Weber — Rosewood case; rather old-fashioned; tone equal to
new; a superb piano for a musician C00 360 246
Kimball Or;ans — Fancy walnut, parlor style; 13 stops: all |
latest improvements •. 13o S5 i 64
E«tey Organs— Fancy parlor style; latest design; nearly I .
same combination as above • •• 125 | SO I 58
The above quotations are for spot cash. It sold on the install-
ment plan, $io extra wilLbc added to the sale price in addition to
simple interest. vVC/^ '. .
Requests by telegraph to hold a certain piano till letter can
arrive will be honored, but a deposit of from $10 to $25 should ac-
company tlie order to show pood faith. ;
• Address POMMER-EILERS .MUSIC COMPANY, "San;
Francisco's Busiest and Best Piano Dealers." General offices, 653
Market street, San Francisco.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
$2Q0 Reward I
Kor tb* arre«t aad conviction of any on*
aataultlnc members or ' employes . of tb!«
asvoclatlon or destroy Ins property belong-
lnc to them ' . - -
i^m^ aluance)
Report promptly to the Law Department.
Citizens' Alliance. 217 Croasley butldla*. ¦
EXECUTIVE : COMMITTEE.
CTTIZENff AIXIANCa
, AMUSEMENTS. /
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION: :
APRIL 33 to May 15. : •
GERMAN NIGHT
TO-NIGHT
CRANDlCHORUS.i. ;
CONCERTS * DAT AND - NIGHT i BT. BEN-
NETTS CONCERT BAND.
SOUVENIR. FANS -TO ALL CHILDREN.
" AfternooriS. l.to 5; evenings,. 7:30 to 10:30. '
' OPEBT SUNDAYS. ¦' 7;^Q}:..
; __ .'..-.'.. ' ' AMTJSEMENT5.
TO-NIGHT (f&^g I BS/irai A nWJCKCffS Next Attraction
whwtof.* bULUewlE3l A leading m& **#«•*£***• 16
LAST EIGHT NIGHTS r °' lilvtly £r. wpfitlu? pearaa "*
Matinee Saturday MA fU'ClTIlM ¥\
KLAW ANT> EKLANGER PRESENT J[ »JkMki ll W IP fiJCv* if*"^
.. For the Flnt Time Here j Mon - -^ TERRJBLE -g
. W*^. tJm«! here). Mr. Manxfleld as the Trar Ivan;
f Z f < . 1^ / Tu?*.. May 17. OUD HEIDELBERG (first time
ViUO 9 D a. W jl» *st here).. Mr. ilangfield as the Prince Karl HeJn-
, 9 J i\ /V rlch: W '<1- May I 1 *- a revival of A PARISIAN
Find BV M III &J 1 &J ROMANCE. Mr. MamficM a« the Baron Che-
Hi 1 1 If B^ I vrlRl: Thun., May 1». - a revival of BEAU
mm Bill r \ 8 i 1 BRL'MMEU Mr. Manyflpld a* Beau Brummel;
/llC»Y M \ \J %**. \J 1 LJ KrI - Ma >' -° OLD HEIDELBERG: Sat. Mat..
**»C*yV A '*"'W^k » *r May 21, only Matlne* of BKAC BRUMMEL:
V«J ' B *'- Nleht. IVAN THE TERRIBLE. Second
: , Week— Mon.. May 3S. OLD HEIDELBKHO:
; (Themselves) and - Tuea.. May 24. last Ume of TVAN THE TEB-
¦ ~ ¦¦•••__•¦ " ¦ .^ RIBLE: Wed., i May 25. last time of BEAlT
HO--Entertainers--llO brummel: Th-jr».. May 2«. old-hetdel-
IIV Ulliciuamcia nv BE RG: Fri.. May 27. only time of DR.
,. T . h _ T M-v.ii"'. T^#»«f v«n^«Hiln Varc« JEKTLL AND MR. HYDE: Sat. Mat.. May 23,
In John J. McNallys Latent \audevllle Farce Uft Ume an(J onJy Matlnee of OUD HEIDEL-
Tkn Daivaw ftw\tk«nt ¦ BERG: Sat. (Farewell Night). Mr. Mansfield
1 116 t\.OgerS OrOUierS in a scene from each of five plays.
V v ''JL Am ~^ SEAT 8A2Z3 TRT7BSSAT. 9 A. M.
Ill i^OnQOn ros all performances.
rrxTTT cn-iuTircT CT-v- cHftir f\v TwiT irr Prices— Gallery. 30c and 75c: balcony. $t.CO,
THE SWIFTEST FLN SHOW OF THE AGE. j X f2 .M: entire lower floor. $2.60.
j LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.- . Boxts and Lores. JtS.CO.
GOISG TO MOVE?
A nrxr list of choice fiats.
boo5iea and cottasfs adrerti<ed
to-day. Read THE CALI/S TO
1JTT COIiCM>*S — IT SAVES
TTME.
CITY 5f|;»rAKIb{
Dry Goods "^W^Hf 6 Company. J.
LACE DEPARTMENT, j
Specialties in the most fashionable makes including •
all the favored fine laces for sleeve ruffles, jabots and •
wherever a light trimming lace is demanded. . J
VALENCIENNES LACES \^ * a ° m * §
LIERRE LACES fe^^S |
NET-TOP LACES J^U. I
BLACK LIERRE AND SNOWBALL NET-TOP SILK LACES • j
• In New Patterns. • |
SLEEVE RUFFLES IN) on^ u«.. in \
LACE, BATISTE, NET) fine materials all •
AND CHIFFON J ttxd7 f * I
LIERRE LACE ROBES CTs&t) In Ivory and Champagne 3
$17.50, $20, $25, $30 and $35 each. g
.I ii - - 9'
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 2
GEARY ANT> STOCKTON" STREETS. v J ;
Union Square. < . , O
':' . ; ' • AliVILBTlSEJKLENTS*
BHBIlBSiBBaB!lBBBnBBHnaBHDBEEa3«BBSISED3aEBnEHHIEBBBH
¦ •¦:. ¦¦/•'¦•-:.-.¦-¦-. ¦" v— : . .¦ • ;.,• ; ¦= yy. ---^,-/V^-^' • ;'; "i
Sg I **B^"'"^ M^^ M ™ B^B», - g
I Extraorciinary Inducements j
a ¦• ¦¦--••.;¦ ¦• -•¦¦..:¦••¦,-¦ ¦ ¦ . a
g High Grade Novelty Suits and Coats at |
| CutRate Prices f
g Only the newest and the most effective ¦
g 4 styles. All materials sponged and shrunk. »
g Faultless fit and finish -: : . : : : |
!¦-.'¦ : - •''-...' ' - ¦
¦ Prices Beyond Competition |
I NEWEST STYLE SPRING SUITS, at) All at Cut f
g $10, $12.50, $13.50, $15 and $17.50 ) Rate Prices |
g A Positive Saving From $2.50 to $7.50 Qn An? of Thass Salts. g
H ¦ \ " - ¦ ¦ - '• - ¦
¦ Novelty Etaminc Suits. $12.50 Tan Venetian Jackets, satin n
B lined, with or without capes. • n en B
¦ $30.00 Suits. tOO Rfi CotRate B
H CotRafe......^ 0*Z,UU $j5.oo Covert Qoth Jackets, saUn lined, g
SfiK $25.00 c^.^'.^.. 510.00 -
¦ B^ck, ntvy, brown and green. $10.00 Sik Blouse, silk lined. •¦» j-n B
IB • .. and lace trimmed, at $IiUU B
¦ $27.50 Newest Fancy Mixtures, blouse j J5 ,03 Silk Blouse and Silk em l\n m
S and, Eton, wither without capes, Eton?, lace trimmed, at .. OlUiUU S
i a U . l ° o /J* cetrimnied - $20.00 Spedai values of WkJng Skirt, at 3
U <~utKats — ..%••• ** WIWW r ai rt\ c>t ir »o en ¦
i«. MVI . w . .., v SI. 50, SI.75andS3.50 ¦
H $50.00 High Novelty Suits, fancy ' • g
S STrS?:$32. -5.0 «- $35.00 ?££*** aQd Sklrts * Cot Rlte g
3 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. §
i ',¦'¦¦-" ¦ ¦
BBBBBBBBBBBBDHaBaBBBnaBBaBBBBBBBBBgaBBBBaBBga
FLOTO
SHOWS
The Circus
Beautiful
#
TO-DAY the Last Day !
At 2 p. m. and 8 p. m.
Mammoth tents at cor. 11th and Market sts.
Admission: Adults, 50c; Children, 25c
SHOW RAIN OR SHINE. .
CALIFORNIA
TO-NIGHT S * B^.
§T THE NIGHT. ;^B
P Return of I^ast Season's Triumph. y
i OUR NEW MINISTER I
H And Its famous All-Star 'Cast — the H
n. rreatest ever seen In an Amer- ||
u Ernest Hastings. Joseph Conyers. II
H Charles Stedman. John Barker. M
El Louis Fierce. Fred Mower. El
u ¦ John P. Brawn. - Grant Foreman. 13
2 Gertrude Perry. W. C. Tanner. H
B Clara ]lalnford. I'hlla May. g
SI ¦ I
o III Ul lull
Assisted by RUDOLPH GANZ. Pianist.
ALHA7W B R f\
i POSITIVELY LAST CONCERT
! Next Tuesday Night
i • Entirely New Procramme.
I S3, $2, $!...
| READY TO-MORROW. MORNING.
j \ 0 O'Clock. Sherman. Clay As Co.'a.
1 ' ; -J
High-Class, Specliltles Every Afternoon and
ETenirig In the Theater.
BARR and EVANS: The, THREE MTLLARDS;
FLO ADLER; QUEEN. STO WE and DIA-
' MOND; BOWETIS and CURTISS: MILDRED
MANNING and NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Take a Ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
-.-»-:¦-. - - RAILROAD. - -
AMATEUR NIGHT.THURSDAT.
. Admission. 10c; Children. 5c.
When Phoning Ask for "The ChQte».T. •
Week Coramencing
TfflS AFTERNOON, May 8.
STARS FROM
TWO CONTINENTS!
" First Appearance la America of
Mme. Slapoffski
England's Greatest Frlma Donna
Soprano.
SAOEB QSSTX2
MIDGLEY AND CARLISLE
la Their Latest Edition of the Sammy
and Sara It Serien.
... ¦¦' ..'. :i "TAKINO A TONIC." '-
; CLARA BALLERINI
i The Beautiful Italian Terpischore&n
and Aerial Artiste.
6E0R6E H. WOOD
•The Somewhat DtSerant Comedtaa."
BALLERINI'S DOGS
Marvels of Canine Intelligence.
SISTERS GASCH
Europe's Most Marvelous Equilibrists.
HAL MERRITT
In HU Poster Girl Monologue.
BRAULOW AND WILEY
I Colored Singers and Grotesque Cancers.
Last Week of the Sensation of the City.
Davis. Macaalev ana conwn?
Presenting "PALS." an Episode in One
; Act. by Edmund Day.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday.
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 23c asd 50c.
r
INGLESIDE
COURSING
¦ ¦ .
PARK
64-DOG
OPEN STAKE
Sunday, May 8
Coursing win begin at 18:30 o'clock sharp tad
continue until the last winning flag geaa ns.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $1000
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERXET. Jadg«.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
UNION
COURSING
PARK
7. J. BZTLTiT .TaJLx*
JAS. r. QKA.CS ~...81i99«*
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, HAY 8.
GRAND NATIONAL
CHAMPION STAKE
Fifth Contest — Best Tbns In Fin. .
POCATELLItsTfAIRTRALEE. '
| CLASSIC RESERVE STAKE
64— Nominations— 64
PURSE SluUU mi
TRAIN 8ERVICB:
Leaves Third and Tewnsend street* 13:15 and
lp. m.; Tweaty-flfth and Valencia stre«u Cv»
mtnntea later. Returning at 4:45 p. m. aad
after the last coarse. San Mat«o electric can
every four minute* daring the day.
MISCEIXANEOUS AMTJ8TTMTCTT1L
SAN FRANCISCO
BY AUTOMOBILE "^^filfcj,
MOBH.E CAEEIAOB CO.
GOLDEN OATE AVE. and GOCOH ST.
Phone Private Exchange TTO.
Downtown office j — Court Palace Hotel; Lobby
6u Francis Hotel; Lobby ct Ocdfeattl Rotal.
" —¦— »manwtmtmnan»mmttMtaKkgiMlntT-mkm~nti m ui'V\-'nr m aniMijarimnrfrA North American rattlesnake taken
to the Museum of Paris refused all
food for twenty-six months. ¦ ' -
faction. that the fete waa over and had
left behind a welcome 'addition to the
yawning coffers > of "'. the V fourtejen- of
Oakland's pet;charities.' *-.*--. . . ,.
: The* elders .were ¦ given much to en
tertain ; them, vwhile. 'the ; hundreds - of
children , found * : anjueement -and < de
lightful sport throughout the spacious
grounds in the game*, the ponies and
donkies and the scores of other attrac
tions. • ¦ ¦, ' • • - ¦ - - • "¦••
"Say, Pat. have rou ever read any
of Maeaulay's poems?" "
"I have." ¦.'¦•: ..¦-•-•
"Have you read 'Ivry?' ".
"Tia; ivery one. Mac was a. foine
lad. I used to' know him whin I was
wxirrkin' on the Rock . Island. He
wu wr-writin' th*. railroad .items' f'r
th* Ooskj'looBkly Dimacr-rat." — Chi
cago Tribune.. . -.
Pat Knew Him Well.
Will Hold Coule Debate.
OAKLAND. May 7.— The final con
test for the Cottle elocution medal will
take place Monday evening at SL
y.zry's College. The contestants will
be James F. McCue. William McStay,
Andrew F.'Burke, Vincent C. Derham,
Walter B. } I inkle. Thomas W. Lundy.
Thomas J. Trodden and Christopher J.
Omnors. The Judges will be Judpe
Henry A. Melvin, G. R. Lukens and
.'. K. Mcfilroy. assisted by B. P. Oliver,
r. J. Kierce, F.- J. Sullivan, Dr. C. D
ycGetUgan and Dr. T. D. Maher.
The last scene in a German court
scandal has Just been enacted at Basic,
where Countess Wedel-Berard, the au
thorew of the book "My Relations
With the Emperor William U," has
been placed in alunatlce asylum. V- ~l
Some years ago the Countess was
persona grata at the courts of Berlin
and Vienna, but she lost the friendship
of the Kaiser after the publication of
her book. . .
It Is stated that she intended •writ
ing a similar Jfork concerning the; Em
peror of Austria, and on the fact be
coming known great pressure was
brought to bear on her relations to
have the Countess put under restraint,
and with success.— London Daily Mail.
End of a Scandal.'
OAKLAND. May 7.— Captain C. P.
Welch, president of the Independence
Square Improvement Club, has been
appointed a' street inspector by the
Board of Public Works to see that .the
street work ordered on East. Four
teenth and East Fifteenth streets is
properly done- and that the gas and
water companies make proper repairs
wherever they tear u;i th<> street*.
Appoint Street Inspector.
&ui Francisco Authorities Request t the
Detention of Mi>. Rose Jackson
When Found.
OAKLAND; May 7.— The police of
this city are searching for Mrs. Rose
Jackson, w hose ape Is given sis 40
'cars and who is wanted by the Po
lice Department in San Francisco on
r. chexs* c* kidnapinjr.
It is alleged that Mrs. Jackson has
•./.olen her two young boys, one eight
•oars of ese and the other ten.
The bo>s are named Robert and
William Jackson. The father. Robert
Jackson, a San Francisco grocer,
claims h« is entitled to the boys under
a decree cf divorce.
IXUJCE SEEK A WOMAN
ON KIDNAPING CHARGE
''Waltzing goes on the whole' time, and
as;; one -.couple becomes exhausted an
other pair" can take' their place and
continue .' the/ game; until "time" . Is
called, or the best but of a given num
ber-of goals is^ scored. -'.'"¦ ', ;'.*;¦;
At /times : this" dance becomes : quite
exciting, ¦ and the • sitters take a keen
interest in the score.— London , Daily
Mall.-. ¦; -¦¦: .•¦-' ¦ -'v- ! :^ ; ,-v\s^V ; ¦'¦•• -
A very novel dance, a sort of com
bination" of a waltz and a game of foot
ball, is arousing much interest In Paris
juet now. .
Produced first in a musical sketch at
the Nouvcau Cirque, It is already be
coming popular in society, and has
been a feature at several private
dances.
The floor Is specially marked out In
rectangular form, Inside the lines being
six semi-circles, two at each end and
one at each side in the middle. The
goals are marked by wide hoops. Only
six couples, three on each side, can take
part In the dance at a time, and the
object of the game, is, of course, to
score as . many goals as possible, the
ball being driven by the feet only while
dancing.; ; W^ • .
. The couples are, however, confined to
their, own particular^ semi-circle, and
must not move out \ of It unless they
have the- ball In play, when they can
move anywhere until the ball is taken
from thenvby fanottier couple," or until
.a gbai^ls. scored-,. . V.. . . •
The Football Waltz.
ALAMEDA. May 7. — Albert Mou
chou. she years of ape, wa3 run over
by a horse and buggy on PaiTc street
and Central avenue this afternoon.
The child was severely cut on the
head, but his injuries are not thought
to be seriout. Carl Bray, driver of
the vehicle, is exonerated by the tes
timony of several eye-witnesses to the
accident, who say that the little boy
ran directly in front of the horse.
Bugj»y Runs Over Child.
OAKLAND. May 7. — A dramatic
scenic production of "Under Two
JTitLgs," the Eisner version, will be the
card at Ye Liberty Playhouse, opening
Monday night, with James Neill as
Bmie Cecil. Ths talented Miss
EOythe Chapman will .present Ouida's
famous character of Cigarette.
Manager Bishop has given special
ettention to this production. He
promises that the dramatic interest
T.ill be sustained throughout the six
acts and will be heightened by elabo
rtt* staping.
Barnes Neill to Lead a Hue Cast in
Scenic Production at the Lib
erty Theater.
OFFERS OUIDA'S FAMOUS
-UNDER TWO FLAGS"
OAKLAND. May 7.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Adrian Wilkin
son, 23, San Mateo, and Louise Sanlire,
22, Oakland; Macpherson Harrison.
27, and Elisa E. Hoffmann, 20. both of
West Berkeley; Willard S. Bower. 21.
and Marguerite R. Strauss. 15, both of
Alameda; Walter H. O'Gara, 23, and
Mary-E- Dunning. 18, both^-of San
Francisco; Axal it. Svenson, 45. San
Francisco, and Marie Olson. 35, Oak
land; Otto Welter. 30, and Ophle Sur
baugh. 25, both of San Francisco.
3larrlasc Licenses.
i But the fun, the real fun of the
day, raged fast and furious< down byr
the Seventh-avenuc ; gate, where two
rival vaudeville shows fated , each
other. Josenh Rosborough? and Ray
Baker "spelled" for the. Vlncentian
continuous performance and their wit
| ticisms and inimitable drollery ar
rested and turned into the fold many
a lamb that else would have wan
dered by.
, Across the way Bernard Miller, in a
: costume as vhot" as the weather, lured
the price of admission to. his show,
"the greatest on earth," from 'many a
: pocket. The immense' prpgranime,
posted sideshow fashion outside . the
enclosure, promised • much ¦ and the
promise was creditably fulfilled by -the
i "•talent." 'Miss Georgle Cope and Miss
I Margaret Knos repeated- some of the
i prettiest songs and daiices from "The
Geisha," in wliich thay recently made
such a hit that people' are' still talk
ing. Miss Cope wore a . very hand
some black satin kimona, and Miss
Knox, as . Wun Hi,- wore the conven
tional Chinese costume. Oscar Frank,
who has an excellent voice, .-sang
"Only a Bowery Boy," and Kendall
Fellows gave some of his ever enter
taining imitations. -
Miss Agnes Marie Noonan won the
heart* of her hearers by her original
character, sketches . and impersona
tions. True to life was her character
sketch of an old . woman. Her other
numbers' were "Dixie." "Down East":
and "Irish Dialect.".. " She ¦ showed
marked versatility and- artistic ability.
\ The. "spielers" were a f conspicuous
feature to-day. Nearly all of them— and
'and they spieled in dozens— wore quaint
! or ridiculous costumes and -they kept
! the air filled with, plaintive appeals
to "Come, in! come in!" and see the
"only -place on" the grounds." Ben
Woolner led a band of leather-lunged
j rooters for the California Girls' Train
! Ing Home and few could recognize, be
j hind their make-up the genial visages
j of Lou Kennedy, Buck Ward and Wil
liam Lomax Jr. -/£'"- , . -
. .' For the Mutual Benefit , Club .Roa
dter Mlkel,. Leslie Oliver, Fred Mollef
and George Cope did" somegood work.
The two clowns who were so conspicu
ously everywhere proved to be Harold
Oliver and Dick. Belcher. .; / -
'-'„.' It '• was . a"; late , hour : before . the - last
weary : sightseer sought a foothold on
the crowded cars and the ladies in
charge of the rvarioua booths counted
«ut; their money with 'a .a iff b. "of satis* '
OAKLAND, May 7. — Although
shade trees are plentiful in the
grounds about Arbor Villa", the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Smith,
where the great May fete took place
to-day, sheltered nooks were at a
premium, for old Sol had come to see
the fun, too, and from h?s superior
vantage -eyed the crowd in a decidedly
uncomfortable manner. In other
words, it was hot as a day in July and
the demand for cooling beverages ex
ceeded the expectations of.evenVthe
most sanguine al the fair workers that
empty, one's pocket in charity's name.
'Ihe Central Free Kindergarten, the
East Oakiand Social Settlement and
the New Oentury Club. were all made
richer by the tropical temperature to
day, for in their respective booths
were to be found delicious icecream
and the coldest of cold drinks. The
sodawater headquarters, run in behalf,
of the 1 California Girls' Training
Home, was simply, packed all day.
SCENES AT THE GREAT MAT
FETE AN'D ONE OF; THE EN
TERTAINERS.
District Attorney Decides Their Action
In Passins a Bill Cannot Be
Reviewed.
OAKLAND. May 7. — District Attor
ney Allen rendered an opinion to-day
in which he holds that the action of a
l>oard of school trustees In passing a
bill is final. The question was brought
up by Superintendent of Schools
Crawford, who stopped the payment
of the ralary of H. C. Petray at Hay
var<is for the month of November on
the ground that it had not been
earned.
Potxay was sick that month, but the
Trustees decided to pay him his sal
ary. Crawford contended that the
payment was illegal. The opinion of
the District Attorney is that the Su
preme Court hr.s decided that the ac
tion of a board of supervisors cannot
be reviewed, and he holds that a board
of trustees comes under this decision.
They are the Judgo3 of the services'
rendered ar.d act In a Judicial capacity
in passing upon a bill.
Aged Paralytic Who Ilnd Been With
out Food for Several Days Is
Given Succor.
ALAMEDA, May 7. — Henry ,Ren
nell, an early resident, was to-day re
ported to the Alameda Charitable As
sociation-as being in a starving condi
tion in a hovel at the east end. Sev
eral Jadies of the association visited
the old man and found him in a pit
iable plight.
He had been without food for sev
eral days and as he is partially paral- '
yzed was unable to move out of his
domicile.
Renneli has a son. Edward Ren
nell, employed in the local postofflce.
and a daughter, Mrs. Edward Griffiths,
but he asserts that they have dis
owned him. The old man will be
cared for by the Alameda Charitable
Association. , :- : -*~?-'
President Capwell of tho "; Board of
Trade Names 3Ien Who Will
Conduct Business.
OAKLAND, May ' 7.— President H.
C. Capwell of the Oakland Board of
Trade appointed the following stand
ing, committees at the regular meet
ing of the board • of directors last
night:
Executive committee — D. Edward
Collins, C J. Heeseman, George H.
Smith, J. B. Richardson, William J.
Laymance. ~
Harbor and water front — Hugh Ho
gan, Edson F. Adams, James P. Tay
lor. E. P. Vandercook, R. Whitehead.
Auditing committee — George E.
'. Fairchild, R. P. M. Greeley, E. Lehn
i hardt. '.•..,
I Railroads — M. J. 'Keller, Duncan
i McDiiffle, Julius Abrahamsoif, J. Tyr
rel, Irving C. L«wis. *•¦
Publicity committee— Stuart Booth,
C. J. Heeseman, A. J. Snyden J. J.
Warner, George T. Forsyth.
Public improvements — J. Tyrrel,
Jamos S. Nalsmith, Hubert Eryant, F.
C. Turner. Dr. C. C. Shinnick.
Membership committee — Dr. H. G.
Thomas, E. J. Stewart, W. E. Logan.
P. N. Hanrahan, C. H. King, Myron T.
Holcomb, Emil Lehnhardt.
Judiciary committee— Charles E.
Snook, George W. - Reed, G. Russell
! Lukens, Mohn McDonald, Cary How
ard.
j Delegate to State Board of Trade —
Edwin Stearns.
Ifcwas voted to hold the annual ban
quet on Wednesday evening. May 25.
at Maple Hall. President Capwell ap
pointed the following: members -of the
board a special committee to arrange
for the Rffair: Charles E; Snook. E.
P. Vandercook. Charles J. Heeeeman,
Emil Lehnhardt nnd Frank K. Mott.
APPOINTS COMMITTEES
- . FOR ENSUING YEAR
FOUXD STARVING IN'
A WRETCHED HOVEL
SCHOOL TRUSTEES ARE
. HELD TO DE SOLE JUDGES
A wireless telegraph plant of the
Marconi Company will be placed at
the foot of Fulton street, New York,
which will work with all steamers
having apparatus. This will enable
ships held outside the harbor by fog
to communicate with the world.
Points to Trifling Nature
of ltenis as Evidence of
Absence of Good Faith
— . — ? ¦
Oakland Office San Francisco, Call,
, 1118 Broadway. . May 7,
"Politics, nothing but politics," de
clared Supervisor Harrison D." Rowe
to-day on his "return from an up-coun-?
try trliv to be confronted with ah ac
cusation that he had mulcted the coun
ty of $3S 50 In excess 'mileage fees dur
ing his forty months of service. : : . .,
Rowe says he does not know James
E. Guilbault, his accuser, nor does he
understand what relation Guilbault
bears to those the Supervisor thinks
are behind the attack on him.
"So far as the specific 'accusations
of overcharges are made, item by item,
I can -and will meet them in court.
They are so trivial that of themselves
they show that something more than
a mere pro bono publico spirit has
actuated my prosecutors. My mileage
bills have never reached the legal limit
of {100 a month. They average about
$80 and they are less than those of any
other member of the board except one.
But that is no criticism of the board.
"I have not overcharged Alameda
County one cent, and I defy Guilbault
or any one else to prove it.
"The discrepancy in my mileage bills I
to Sacramento is easily accounted for., j
My travel does not limit itself to the i
distance between stations by rail. I
have to • go and return to the, station
from my home. When I go to Sacra
mento on official business I have to!
travel about a good deal in Its trans- !
action. As I only charge for the miles
traveled; there is a difference in the •
amount of the mileage charged. It is !
true 1 rharged forty miles for a trip
to San Francisco to see about repairs '
for our read scraper, but that trip In- ,
eluded much traveling on both sides !
of the bay. I had to make two trips
from my house in Brooklyn to Clare- j
mont. AH those incidental Journeys:
were sharped in a single bill.
"If my accusers had been acting in j
good faith, why did they not present !
their evidence before the Grand Jur>
Instead of 'parading it as a public
record? The question answers itself.
They simply desired to make political
campaign material out of it, well f
knowing that the Grand Jury would!
never give the stuff a second's consld- i
eration." I
Superior Judge Melvin has set the
hearing of the accusation for May 16. i
Armstrong awaited a letter contain
ing information as. to when his niece
might be expected, but that' letter was
delayed and did not arrive until yes
terday.
Armstrong was startled to discover
after reading it that the girl was due
to arrive in this city on train No. 3,
May i. The letter contained a re
quest that A, rmstron £ .meet his niece
at the depot. Armstrong hastened to
the Sixteenth-street depot to learn
what he could. The only description
in his possession wtis that his niece
was slight in build, had blonde hair,
and blue eyes and that she was small
for her age. _
One of the railroad officials at the
station said that a girl answering that
description had alighted from train
No. 3 on the date stated in the letter.
She had inquired the way to Twenty
third avenue, and the official requested
a young man who was standing near
to show her to a car. That was the
last seen or heard of the traveler.
.. Chief of Police Hodgkins, when in
formed of the case, detailed several of
his men to make a search.
?The police of this city are seeking
Miss Mabel Armstrong, 17 years of
age, who is supposed ! to have arrived
here last Wednesday. 9
Though her relatives have made
diligent search they have yet been
Unable to find the slightest traoe of
her since she alighted from anoVer
land train at the Sixteenth-street sta
tion. ' The young lady is a stranger in
the city and is not known to have any
acquaintances here.
T. G. Armstrong, uncle, of the girl,
called at police headquarters this
morning and reported the case. Arm
strong; is a landscape garneder and re
sides at Allendale. He stated that the
missing child is the daughter ,of his
brother and has lived in Milwaukee
for. the greater part of her life. Some
time ago her mother died and the
family decided to move West. Miss
Mabel was to come ahead of the
others. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 7.
The manager of the earning depart
ment may bring home a pocketful *>f
money every Saturday night, but with
out the intelligence and economic co
operation of the home department man
ager will find himself ere long a bank
rupt. The money he earns J» not . all
his. It belongs to the firm. In man
aging the home, superintending or pre
paring his meals, mending his clothes,
to say nothing of caring for' the chil
dren and performing the thousand and
one arduous and nerve-wearing tasks
that fall to the lot of the busy house
keeper, his wife is doing Just as much
for the success of the firm as he is».
if not more. And if we mean by "sup
ported" that she is an Idle department,
subsisting upon her husband's merci
ful bounty, then the term cannot in
Justice be applied to the average Amer
ican wife. — The Housekeeper.
'This question, which is raised by a
leading newspaper,* recalls our own re
cent symposium on "The "Wife's Pocket
book." Before a definite answer la
given It would be well to understand
clearly "Just what is meant by the term
"supported." • Wives are In the great
majority of cases dependent upon their
husband's earnings for their shelter,
clothes and food, but they are not
"supported" "in the sense that children
are, or pensioners, or objects of public
charity. In the ideal marriage husband
and wife are equal partners. Two de
partments engage the energy and at
tention of the firm — the earning depart
ment and the home department. One
is as important as the other. Each
requires an expert, industrious, watch
ful manager if the firm' is to be suc
cessful.
Unfair Way .of Putting: Efforts of
the Home End of the
Business.
Miss Mabel ArmstrongComes
, to Reside With Uncle, but
Never 'Beaches His House
ARE WIVES SUPPORTED
• BY THEIR HUSBANDS?
DENIES ALL CHARGES
LAST SEEN AT DEPOT
Demand for Cooling Beverages Augments Income of Booths
at Arbor Villa May-Day Fete and Patronesses Are De
lighted With Financial and Social Success of Function
Police Endeavor to Trace, a
Young Woman Who Ee
cently Arrived From East
Supervisor Eowe Declares
Accusation Against Him
to Be Campaign Material
Superior Court. Simons has been with
rne for the past year doing: n^neral
¦work, but I have now assismed him to
Itoach's place. I don't see xehat Roach
«Iid with his mone:% He never spent
much, but I find that he has borrowed
pcneraily from the boys In the office
and on the outside."
The exploiting of his embarrass
ment Is the direct result of the publi
cation of the troubles of Constable
Kd Weidler. xvho has assigned his
r:»!2.ry .for two years in advance and
recently has been raising money by
sellina: his v.arrants. The Sheriff's
office reports that Weidkr is out of
tov. n and a mimraons has not yet been
.served upon him. In the meantime It
-is stated that at the meeting of the
Board of Supervisors next Monday his
resignation will be handed to that
body.
Weidler's practice of selling; his
warrants for the same month to dif
ferent people brought to liffht Roach's
embarrassment Roach on May 1 as-
Figned his salary to H. Davis and a
little later he sold again to E. Bar
nett. Both presented their orders for
flllnp with the Auditor and Barnstt
v-as told that Davis had an order there
ahead of him. The order was changed
to read for the month of June in
stead of May and so filed. As the May
salary has not been earned neither
order is of value.
In spo.iking of his action in dismiss*
:ngr his deputy Sheriff Bishop said:
¦"Roach hns not been near the office
sino<* lest Saturday and his absence
«-nv:s?d me to make an investigation.
The publication of the fact that he
-.vas in financial difficulties attracted
my attention and after making a
thorough investigation I filed a revoca
tion of his appointment and have ap»
pointed John C Simons In his place
u bailiff of department three of the
For selling his salary warrant for
the month of May to tvro different men
Deputy Sheriff Al Roach -was dis
missed by Sheriff Jchn Bishop to-day.
An investigation -made by Birhop
showed that Roach was financially
embarrassed and had rcaort?d to this
means to secure money.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
1118 Broad tray. May 7.
BISHOP FILLS PLACE
Two Assignments for May
Pay Signed by Officer
Presented to the Auditor
Deputy Sheriff Roach Loses
Position ou Account of
Financial Irregularities
CANNOT LOCATE
MISSING GIRL
SELLS SALARY
WARRANT TWICE
BLAZING SUN AN EFFECTIVE ALLY
OF FOURTEEN OAKLAND CHARITIES
SAYS POLITICS
IS THE CAUSE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY S, 100*.
40
IF YOU WANT TO LAUGH
urnoAiuousLY do.vt miss
MEN, WOMEN AND CARNI-
VALS!
By Jerome K. Jerome.
One of the Brightest, Wittiest,
CXevrrest Bits lYom the Pen
of England's Great
Humorist.
ExcJasiTe in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
* . ..... n -Ti-jf • — .¦¦¦ ••¦¦ v--*-* **• •v-v..a-»i 1 iu>>^ •»-.-. ¦¦*. ¦ """; " V,.;*".- . "* -,.....- "• -'.Y*^ ;' » ¦ r---^ 5: :•:<;- """v ¦¦ 1
? ' *-r— , > ¦: ¦-¦.¦:.•.:•¦. —. ¦'• • ' I-- it-'-i
; . •
¦^'¦ : -\r:--S.^^ :^ : i' :: -7-)»^:.l: .:¦;¦; - : 7^ : ? ¦-:. l;-i/.~. -'.:- : : -. ' : R<"' :^JC'\ -^.li-J^yMx^'y. '-¦-'¦v.--''^"' :v - ¦':'_".' "' -"': "¦ : . '-' : \ «'¦;¦¦ \\ "\
¦••••, - >. ;.:•;
¦, :.SHEEP ?
- A FXA\bUS BON HEUP PAINTING "
FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL .
It is the reproduction of a superb painting by one of that world-famous family of art creators, the
Bonheurs. Auguste Bonhcur is the author of the picture, which equals the best work of bis even more cele-
brated sister, Rosa. This art piecs will be given away, free, with each copy of The -Sunday CalL
Auguste Bonheur in presenting "Highland Sheep" to the world made . as fine a contribution to the art
gallery of the ages as did his illustrious sister, Rosa, when she painted that superbly colored revelation of
animal power and physical beauty, "The Horse Fair." Both pictures are so perfect that they seem to surpass
the power of mere art, for they possess qualities of realism which actually fool the senses.
• AuEfusteVclimb into fame was even nto re arduous than that of his sister, for his very name handi-
capped him. In 184s, when all Paris was talking about .the remarkable, exhibits in the Salon by a voung eirl.
named Rosa Bonheur. who had elected to become a painter, of animals, another Bonheur made an appearance
in the galleries. Thisvtime it was a man, Francois Auguste by name, and a man ambitious to be a painter
of genre. His pretensions were laughed r.t. It was critically concluded that the Bonheur family.' taught by
the father, could produce only one phenomenon. • •
But the. following year this genre painter exhibited a landscape which attracted attention. In a few years
rr.ore he was a landscape and cattle painter, esteemed but lmle less than his gifted sister. Auguste Bonheur
found his successive medals and, his red ribbon of the legion. It is quite possible that s the greater fame of his
sister overshadowed his and that he might have won a higher position in art under another name.
"Highland Sheep" is probably the most noted canvas of all Bonheur's art career. It was the talk of
the esthetic world at ! the time of its first exhibition. Now that sheep pictures have become a popular fad al-
most to the extent. of a craze— the great paintings of this animal and its environment have doubled in value
and large sums 1 of money are paid for the mere privilege of copying the original picture.. All critics have con-
ceded that Bonheur's "Highland Sheep" is far superior to the works of all others who have made animal
study their specialty. The, only artist who ever eaualed him was his own sister*
/by e. l louyot.
5 V'V An 1 ; Exceptionally Clever Picture in colors wai be issued on .SUNDAY, MAY 22.
. Be sure to gejt THE SUNDAY CALL and you will be the happy possessor of the leading Sunday
- s --: paper. of the West. * .
; ;: v FOR SALE BY ALL AGENTS. ETC
SICLONE CLAKK,
By Frank H. -Spearman.
One of the Weirdest, Most Strik-
ing Stories Ever Told by
This Famous Author.
Exclusive hi the
NEXT SUNDAY CAIX.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND-
1118 Broadway.
Telephone 3I:iin 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
. Telephone North 11.
ALAMEDA.
• - 1435 Park Street.
• Telephone Alameda 4592.Flour qr »ks .. 14.3C2I Hides. No 8.11
"Wheat ctls .... RlPelts. No 365
Barley ctls .... 3.9761 leather, rolls .. .40
Oats ctls 1.530! Tallow, ctls ... 284
Rye " ctls " UKlIJme. bbls ' 36H
1 Beans sks 71»1 Paper, reams .. Kt
Potatoes sks . . 2.22«! Shorts, sks .... 223
Onions 'sks. ... lRS^ornmeal. East-
Bran, sks ..... W*t ern. ctls 400
Middlings, sks. . 31 1 Wine, gal* .... 37,700
Hay tons ..... 2HV!Qulcksilver. nks. is»
Wool, bales ... 4421 Feed., ska 23
OREGON.
Oats; ctls ..... ¦ 450|Potatoea. sks ... 441
FOR SATURDAY. MAY 7.
Receipts of Produce.
Chicago Board of Trade.
As Hlready mentioned. " stocks of Fruits. | ex
cept Prunes. - are reduced to practically noth
ing ¦ and quotation's . are largely nominal. It ia
estimated that, not over 20 cars of Peaches re
main > on hand," and four or five of, these .are
old and poor fruit," hardly worth quoting.
Prunes, continue' dull and weak at • the recent
decline.- Local handlers report the receipt of
unfavorable crop,, news from different sections
of • the State, as the small Prunes are drop
ping-more than , usual. ," There: 1 ia no especial
activity Mn Raisins, even at the reduced prices,
and more Ox less carry-over^ Is expected.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8%@10%c lor Royals and
9«l"c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 4Vi©
6c' sun-urled, 3@4%c: 'Peaches, 6@3c;
Pears. 8@U%c;Flgs. white. 2%<g3c in boxes;
blark 4Vlc; Plums, pitted. 5®7%c per lb.
.-PRUNES— -1903 crop. ;2©2*ic for the four
* F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) ar« as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown,
4c per lb* 3-crown. 4&c; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga.
loose 3-crown.; 4c ;, 2-crown, 5J%c; Thompson's
seedless. 4e: seedless Sultanas. 3%c; Seedless
Muscatels. 3Uc: do floated. 3%c; Seeded.Rais
ins. 16-oz .cartons. . fancy,.- 5%c; choice, 5Vic:
12-ci ' cartons, • fancy. 4%c: -choice.' 4%c; In
bulk, fancy. 5%c; cholce.'Bc: •, Imperial clus
ters, $3; Dehesa. $2 60; fancy. $2;- London
Layer* ' 3-crown, $1 35; 2-crown, $1 25. . .< ¦.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 sottshell. 13%Q14c;
No. 2. 11%®12'c; No.> 1 -hardshell, 13@13%c;
No. . 2. 11@11 %c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils. ll%c (cr I X L. lie for Ne Plun Ultra
and • 9%c • for Languedoc; Peanuts/ lig'c for
Eastern: 'Pecans. 11613c: • Cocoanuts, $4 5085.
HONEY— Ccmb. 10©U%c for white and 8%
Dried F.ruits,Nutf,Raisins,Honey.
<120Oi Meridian, Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 7—5 p. m.
Tb* following are the seasonar rainfalls to
'-fiate as compared with thoee of the same date
laet eeesoe and the rainfall In the last twen
ty-four hcurs:
I.*st This Last
Station*— 24 Hours. Sharon. Seasoi.
Eureka 00 63.27 fiO.4«
K»d BluS 00 31.06 23.15
Kicrament*. 00 16.79 lft.62
P*.n FTanciseo .. .00 20. R9 IS. 28
Kreeno 00 7.«» 8.30
Jndrpecde-Bc* 00 2.57 2.34
8 I* Obispo ... .00 l«i.«9 16.4!>
I^os Angeles T. fi.€9 19.29
J-aa Diego 00 4.28 11.62
THE COAST RECORD.
a K s 5 » x
BTATXOXS. I llfilS £ ?
j § I [ [ I
Baker 30.00 64 34 NW Ocar T*
Oareon 30. OO 06 44 S Clear OO
Kureka, 30.34 .Vi 46 N Clear *00
1'resno 23. SO S6 54 NW rriear on
fcE. FaraUon..2S».»2 62 50 NW Clear *O0
Flsgstaft 23. 66 74 38 NW Clear "00
Pocatello SO. 00 TA 42 EW Clear *0f)
Independence .29.86 78 68 NW Clear "oo
Jx» Angeles. .29. 80 68 80 gW Clear T
Mt. Tamalpais29.M 72 64 ICW Clear .00
North Head. .30.32 B2 46 NW Clear .00
rfcocnlx 2».62 94 €2 SW Clear .00
Pt.Reres Lt..2».»0 55 4fl NW Clear .00 1
1'ortland 30.28 60 44 NW Clear .00 1
Red Bluff 2».9« SO 60 NW Clear .00
Uoseburg 80.28 «6 44 NW Clear .00,
Sacramento ..29.84 76 80 NW Clear .00
haft Lake ..30.08 66 4Q NW Clear .C«0
Har. Franclsco29.90 7« 80 W Clear ..00
6. L. Obispo. .'JS.no SO M N Clear .00
l-ar. Diego ...23.82 62 86 8 Clondy .00
battle 3O.32 58 42 W Pt.Cldy .OO
fcpokan* 3O.2O M 40 NW Cloudy .OO
Tatoosh 30.32 62 42 W Pt.Cldy .05
"UaJ la Walla .23.20 62 40 SW Clear .00
Wir.nemucca .30.10 62 S8 NW Clear .00
luma 29.64 9« «2 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDmONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
Tnere has been a dlrht fall In pressure
cloc; tbe coast of California. A -moderate
c;-j.r« »£ica overlies Arizona and Southern Cali
fornia.
Strong northerly winds are blowing In the
s-a.u-i.mr-r.to Valley aad will blow Sunday In
ti ¦'• £an Joacoin.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains except light (bowers along the Wash
ir^tpji coast.
The following high winds are reported:
.(Sacramento. 22 miles, northwest; Eureka, 28
relies, north: Independence, 32 miles, north;
Bait Lake, 2$ miles, west, and Pocatello, 2S
miles, southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour*, ending midnight. May 8:
•Northern California, — Fair Sunday; fresh
Berth wind; continued warm.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, May 7.— Total Imports of gen
eral merchandise and dry goods were $11,777,
869 for the week. Exports of specie from New
York for the week are $333,940 in silver and
$9,301,263 in cold.
Imports of specie at New York during the
week were $107,774 gold and $3688 silver.
NEW YORK. May 7.— The cotton futures
market opened steady at a decline of 4& a
points and dosed without change.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
Feed. $1 05@l 08%: Shipping and ' Brew-
Ing. $1 12%@1 15; Chevalier. $1 10£l 20 for
fair to choica.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. - Low. Close.
May.. $106%: $106% $105% $1 05«i
December... 94% 04% 93% 94%
OATS — Still quiet and unchanged, with suf
ficient stock here to satisfy the demand. The
Government is advertising for \ bids on 5612
tons, deliverable at San Francisco, Seattle ' or
Portland bids to be opened June 4.
White.' $1 30® 1 40; Black. $1 25©1 30; Red.
«1 27%01 35;.Gray $1 S2%@1 37% per ctl.
CORN — The established prices still rule and
the market > is devoid of feature. Offerings
continue light • and holders are firm. ¦¦¦¦ •
.t Western sacked $1 42%@1 45 for Yellow and
White and $1 37% for Mixed; California larg«
Yellow. $1 40® 1 47%: email round do. $1 659
160; White. $1 45@1 4i% per ctl; Egyptian,
$1 40®l 60 for white and $1 27%@l 30 for.
br RYE— $1 3C®1 32%- per ctl. ;
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©2 per ctL
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clos*.
,May— $1 2G% bid. $1 27% asked; no sales.
December ...$l 26 $1 26% $1 26 $1 26<K
BARLEY — Closed t the week quietly at un
changed prices. . , ¦:
. . CASH BARLEY.
California Club, $1 27%@1 32%; California
White Australian. $1 62%©1 57%; Northern
Club. $1 27%@1 32%; Northern Bluestem, $1 50
@1 55 per ctl.
. . FUTURES.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — Chicago showed no change worthy
of note. There were some bad reports coming
In from the Red River Valley, and they were
backed by buying orders. The foreign markets
continue listless, as the world's visible supply
Is considerably In excess of a year ago and
European crop prospects are almost uniform
ly fine. ,
In this, market club descriptions were quotfd
lower, bflt the fine White Australian milling
grades ' were unchanged. Futures remained
about the same. .. . ¦ •
Wheat and Other Grains.
NEW YORK, May 7.— A number of small or.
ders were placed in the metal market to-day,
but trade as a whole partook of the usual Sat
urday dullness and price changes were unim
portant.
Tin — Quiet, with holders' views steady. Spot,
$27 75ft 28.
Copper — Continues dull and unchanged. Lake,
$13 60; electrolytic. |13 12%6>13 25; casting,
|12 87%013 12%.
Spelter— Steady. Spot, $5 20@5 25.
Lead — Quiet and firm. Spot, $4 6O@4 65. '
Iron — Quiet and unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
Weather Report.
Receipts of Strawberries continued to in
crease, and aggregated 520 chests, of which
365 were of the large varieties from Watson
vllle and vicinity and 155 of Long worths from
various sections. The demand waa brisk owing
to the warm, sunny weather and. despite th.
heavy receipts, prices did better and the mar
ket was practically bare at the close. A crate
of -Raspberries containing V.O baskets came In
from Los Angeles and sold at 35c per basket.
There was continued . firmness In Oranges,
small sizes of Navels particularly being In dV
mand." The recently advanced prices were well
maintained.* as receipts were light and: retailers'
were purchasing. - freely In anticipation of a
better consumptive demand. -There was noth
ing new to report in other fruits. Eight cars
of Oranges are announced for to-morrow's auc
tion sale.- • •• , •;
STRAWBERRIES— $8010 p«r cheat for
Longworths and $4@7 for the larger varieties.
• APPLE?— $1«2 60 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 500
2 25 for fancy, $1 "J5©1 75 for choice, and JtDrSf
$1 15 for standard: Tangerines, nominal: Lem
ons.- $2 60^2 75 for fancy. $1 50<91 73 for
choice and $14?1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit.
(125^2; Mexican Limes, $4 5095. p«-r case;
Bananas. $2®3 per - bunch for Central Amer
ican and iW- (or Hawaiian; Pineapples. $254
per dozen.
Receipts of Cherrit-s consisted of 72 smalt
drawers from the Sacramento River districts
and 10 from Vacavllle. All of the fruit was
of the Purple Gulgne variety and very little
of It could be called strictly fancy. Some
email lots sold at $17502 per drawer, but the
bulk of the offerings went at $1 25@1 50. th»
latter being the ruHns price for well-matured
lots. Five more crates of Pringle Apricots
were received from Indlo, Riverside County,
and were offered at $5 per crate, but were not
sold; as they arrived too late for the regular
trade.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Mongolia -yesterday took out the largest
treasure' Hut' for a long time, amounting to
$953,114, embracing $S50,000 in Mexican dol
lars for Kobe. $1819 in Mexican dollars and
$895 in gold coin for Hongkong and $100,400 In
sliver bullion for Shanghai. >,
Sliver was a fraction or so higher. Exchange
was unchanged.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $1 85%
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 87%.
Sterling Exchange, cables — " 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 © 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
were 20.685 shares, valued at $13,503. th« lead-
Ing sales being as follows: Home. 1000 shares;
: Independence. 11.0SO; Junction. 1195; Occlden
1 tal. 4900; Oil City. 1400; Twenty-eight. 600.
r The Goewey Estate Company, a corporation
of this city, has levied an assessment of $3
per share delinquent June 3.
The yield of the Consolidated California and
Virginia mine la*t waek was 14 mining car
loads of ore. assaying $12 60 per ton.
The output of the Ophlr mln« last week
amounted to 304 mining carloads of ore, assay
ing $96 87 per ton. as compared with 312 car
loads assaying $92 74. for the previous week.
The company yesterday received $10,683 50 as
net proceeds of the sale of four railroad car
loads of ore. and there are 12 carloads now en
route, including two carloads that havs Just
been ' shipped.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE,
SATURDAY. May T— 12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. .107% — 4s qr cp new.132%133^
4s qr reg... 107 107%;3s qr coup... — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 68.119% —
Bay CPC 5s,10t 102 Do 6s 111 113#
Cal C G 6s. — 105 Do con 5s.l01% —
Cal G A E g Oceanic S 5s. 63 74
m 4 ft r*. 81U — Om Cable «•. — 12S
Cal-st C 5s.ll6%117% Pac O Im 4s. — 10Q
C C Wat 5s. — 101 IP A Ry 5s. 104% —
E4LAP6* — — IPACH 6s.l04% —
F A C H 6s.ll4%115%:p & O R fcUNS —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st 6s. — 114
II CAS 6%S.10O — S*c EGAR5«. 96% —
Dr. 5s 97% 93%!SF A SJV5a.ll6% —
Hon R T 6s.lO4% — Sierra R 6s.. — 113
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A By 6s. — — <1009> 10T%10*?i
LALCo«a— — (1010) 108%1CO
Do gtd «#¦ — — 3 H «l C 61
Do gtd 5s. — 103 <1005)Sr A.101% —
LAP lem 5a.l01 — HSXWHSr B.102% —
Mkt-vt C 6s. — 119'; (1906) 104%KS
Do icm 6s. 113% — (1912) — U3«i
MVA MT5s.l01%lC8% SPC 1 cr 5s.llO —
NRR of C6S.107 107% Do stmpd..lO7Ti —
Do OS 116%117 S P B R fls.132 —
N P C R 5«. — 197 3 V Wat 6s. 105 —
N C Ry 5s.lO!> — Do 4s 2dm. 99 99<i
N C P C 5s. BO 102 Do 4* 3dm. 9$K4-t-
N S R R 5s. 05 10O Stkn GAEfts. 95^*7%
O O L&H 5«.106%107 U O * E 5a. — 105
' WATER STOCK3.
Contra Cost* 37% 3«%'Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 61 |3 V Wat Co. 38<4 33%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L* P. — 3%!S T O A K. «1% 61%
Mutual E L. 11% — IStkn G A E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 56 - |U O 4 B Co. - 33
' INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.,123 — |L P A A.... 132% —
Anglo-Cal .. 82% 87 »Mer Trust.... — 22S
Bank of Cal. — — Merch^ Ex.... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Nation!. — — ;*
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
G«r S A 1*2=60 2350 |Sav A L So. — 109
Hum 8 A U — — jSec SaT Bk. — 450
Mutual 8a v.l 00 — lUnicn T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.625 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California. .. — - 20O IPresidlo 33% — 1
Geary — 80 I
Giant • W% eiKlVlxorlt' 4% 4Ti
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 40c iKllauea S C. 3 '4 •
Hawaiian C. 49% — IMakawell C. 20% 21 U
Honokaa 8 C 11% 12 (Onomea, S C. 23% 27%
Hutch S P C 9% 9%rPaa.uhau S C. 13V» 13%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.140%141% I Oceanic S Co. — 4*i
Ca! F C A. — 100% Pac Aux FA. 5 6
Cal Win* A. 91% 02 Pac C Bon. 165 167
MV& MtTm.lOO — I
Morning Session.
Board —
11 Bank of California ...42T 50
SO California Wine Association. .. 91 73
5 Makawell ~. 21 0O
, 25 Mutual Electric Light 13 12%
210 Mutual Electric Light 13 00
15 S F Gaa A Electric «1 25
20 S F Gaa & Electric 61 50
$5,000 Cal Gaa A El Gen M & C T 5s. 81 23
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1910> 10* 87%
$3,000 S P of C 6s (105, Series A) 101 75
$10,000 SFASJV5per cent 118 50
Street— m
ino Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5O Oft
$4,000 S P Branch Ry <s. s 10 133 CO
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.- Sept.
Opening 6 3% 0 4% 6 5%
Closing 0 4;* 6 4% 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat — May. Sept.-Dec.
Optning 21 05 20 r..%
Cloelng 2110 20 C5
Flour —
Orening 27 85 27 55
Closing 27 90 27 60
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, .May 7.— Wool, steady: medium
grades, cumblng and clothing, 20%©21c: light
fine-,- 16ijl»4c; heavy ,*flne; - 14@14%c; " tub
washed, 20&31C. ..
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. May 7. — The offerings at the wool
auction sales amounted to 13,183 bales. The
demand was brisk throughout. Fine Merinos
and superior croesbreds showed a hardening
tendency. America bought crossbreds freely.
Northern Business. r{
SEATTLE. May 7.— Clearings, $648,130;
balances, $157,391. * .
TACOMA. May 7.— Clearings. $268,143; bal
ances. S33.514.
PORTLAND. May 7. — Clearings, $430,323;.
balances. $38,559.
SPOKANE. May 7.— Clearings, $379,857;
balances, $28,564.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 7.— Wheat— Walla Walla.
73@74c; blue stem. 84c: valley, $5c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 7.— Wheat, steady; blue
stem, S4c; club, 75c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
fiim; common. 6@5%c; prime, 5%<t>5%c; choice,
C%<S6%c; fancy, 7@7y»c.
PRUNES— Were dull at from 3c to 5%c.
APRICOTS — Were firm, with choice quoted
at 9%©10c; extra choice, 10U@10%c; fancy,
ll*»13c. f
PEACHES-t-Continue firm; choice, 7«i@7 1 ,ic;
extra choice, 7%@Sc: fancy, 9%@10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. May 7.— FLOUR— Receipts.
10.000 barrels; exports. 2S0O barrels; steady:
Minnesota patents. $5©5 25; do bakers. $4@
4 20; winter patents. $5@5 35; winter straights.
$4 S0@5; winter extras, $3 35@4; winter low
grades. $3 15&3 80.
WHEAT— Receipts, 1000; spot, steady; Na.
2 red. $1 06 elevator: No. 2 red. $1 07@l 11
f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 000
1 00% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
nominal. Options were quiet all day. closing
%c lower. May closed at 92%c; July clod'd
at 90% c; December closed at 84 Vic.
HOPS— Quiet and steady; State, common to
choice. 1903 crop. 2ft@35c; 1902, 23@26c; olds.
9@14c. Pacific Coast. 1903 crop. 24®30c; 1002
ciop. 23<?26c; oldg, 9@14c.
HIDES — Quiet; Galveston. 18c; California.
19c; Texas dry. 14c.
WOOL — Firm; domestic fleece; 28® 32c.
PETROLEUM— Easy; refined New York,
8.15c.
¦ COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 10ig>13c. Futures
dosed quiet and unchanged; sales, 14,500 bagi>;
May u.45c; June, 5.50c; September, 5.8o@
5.1»Oc; October. 6c.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; fair refining, 3 3-16c;
centrifugal, 96. test, 3 2-32c; molasses sugar,
2 15-lOc. Refined, firm; No. 6, 4.40c; No. 7.
4.35c; No. 8. 4.30c; No. 9, 4.25c; No. 10.
4.20c; No. 11. 4.15c; No. 12. 4.10c; No.. 13,
4.05c; No. 14, 4c; confectioners' A, 4. COc;
mold A, -5.15c; cut loaf and crushed, 5.50c;
powdered, 4.90c; granulated, 4.80c; cubed,
5.05c.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, May 7.— The statement of the
averages of the Clearing-house banks of this
dt7 for the week shows: Loans $1,071,030,000,
increase $21,393,200; deposits $1,131,712,000. In
crease $17,345,000; circulation $35,774,000, in
crease $5»00: legal tenders $75,041,500.
crease $108,200: apede $230,610,900; decrease
$4.5S5.600; reserve $305.652. 400. decrease $«.0S3.
800: reserve required $2S2.92S.20O, Increase
$4,336,250; surplus $22,724,200. decrease $10.
420.050; ex-United States deposits $36,748,550,
decrease $10,448,875.
Associated Banks' Statement.
xh« 23d. . *
Ore*oa — Heavy frost t\ J considerable damage
t* f ru:t.
Frcm the Crop Bulletin. United States De
pattSKDt of Agriculture. Washington. D. C,
Jor vietk ended April 25. 19l>4:
, Ntw England — Too cold for fruit buds.
New, York — Fruit backward, but safe.
New Jersey — San Jose scale very prevalent.
Pennsylvania — Condition of fruit buds un
cprtiUn. but mar.v peaches thought to be killed.
Marx-land and Delaware — Considerable dam
age to t>*rrfe« by fr^zlng. and to small fruit
and p*-i.ches in southern aections.
. Virginia — Early trult bloom mostly killed,
ai>r-les in mountain section e&> for most part.
North Carolina — Frost on 21 it and 22d in
jurt-d fruit in Interior. Peach**, pears, cher
••••?¦ and apricots badly damaged, but apples
v'lll be a fair crop. Strawberries late, but
average cror>-
Ceorjria — Full peach crop Indicated except in
about fifteen northern counties.
"•Florida — Citrus tree* in good condition.
jthough red spider causing injury. Much fruit
dropping.
, Alabama — Strawberries yleldlr.g well; fruit
continues promising.
Arkansas— Injury to peaches and pears by
tfroet act extensive; fruit and berry prospects
excellent.
Tennessee— Strawberries ripening in western
.counties.
Ktntucky — Heavy encw and freeze in west
ern portion on 20th caused great damage to
•1 *<-:.»f and ether early fruits.
Missouri — Some damage to peaches and
.Strawberries In , southeast, but elsewhere all
fhiits except peaches continue promising.
Indiana — Peaches promis* light crop; fair
to rood prospects for other fruit*.
».West Vlrglcia — Cherries, peaches, pears and
stpples mostly killed in southern, but not much
dnmaged tn northern section.
.Ohio — Frost caused some damage to early
cherries, plums and, peaches In extreme south.
Michigan— Fruit hurts continue very small.
. ' Nebraska^ — Fruit buds swelling tn south half
of Btate.
Kansa*— - Apples blooming in central and go
ing out of bloom in southern parts of State.
Good promise-.
- Oklahoma and Indian Territories — Fruits do
ing well. • -
Colorado— Early fruit in full bloom snd
¦«£ocbtl*s« damaged somewhat by froct.
'Washington — Fruit trees In bloom and be
lieved to be cnlsjured by the bard frost of
Government Fruit Crop Report.
There was no further decline in Butter, but
the market was still weak and overburdened
with stock, with all holders trying to sell.
Supplies of Cheese continue excessive, and as
the dtmand Is dull th« market is still flat.
The Egg market closed. the week .neglected
and depressed, with buyers holding off. Holders
did not press sales, ' as it whs useless in the
absence of buyers. The top asking price was
22c. with liberal concessions obtained without
difficulty. Stocks were still too heavy.
Receipts were 76.200 lbs Butter, 1477 cases
Eggs and 14.U0O lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. LSglSVjC
for extras and 17@17%c for firsts; dairy, l.vs?
17%c; store Butter. 13Q14c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE — 8®9c for. good to ' crrnie- n»w
and Tft7',jc for lower grades; Young Americas,
9%@10c; Eastern. )Z<Qlbc; Western, lsiplic
per Ib.
EGGS — Ranch, 20(g22c for fair to choice;
store. 17620c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were light and
desirable stocky that Is. young Roosters. Fry
ers and good heavy Hens, cleaned up well, at
sustained prices, but" old Hens and Roosters,
which were plentiful, dragpM and there were a
ert-at many coops still unsold at the close.
Broilers, which had been dull during the early
part of the week, did better toward the end
and were practically .cleaned up at the close.
Western Hens were offering freely and were
rather easy during the week, but moved off
well, as the low asking prices attracted trade.
Four cars were disposed .of at $6 5fl@7 per
dozen. Two cars are expected for to-morrow's
marScst. . -. ¦ . . ¦ •'„ . *
Changes in Game were slight and the light
receipts cleaned up quickly.
POULTRY— Live Uurke>n.> 15gl7c per lb;
Geese, per pair. $1 50<g2; Goslings. $2 50<g3 30;
Ducks, $5igf5 50 per dozen for old and $t^6 50
for young; Hens, Susaft; 50 for large and
$1 50@5 for email; young Roosters, $7 504?
8 50: old Roosters. $4 50@5: Fryers. $607;
Broiler*, $3fr 1 for large and $2@3 for
small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 7. r »fri2 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3 5Ofi4 per dozen:
White Gt*se, $1 25©1 75; Brant, $1 50i»2 50;
Honkers. $405; English Snipe. $4; common
Snipe. $1 75(32; Cottontail Rabbits, $2; Brush
Rabbits. $1 50; Hare. $1 75@2.
Poultry and Game.
WASHINGTON. May 7. — To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $217,776,249; gold,
$114,534,006.
Cash in Treasury.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. Hl^h. Low. Close.
Atchison 700 72*4 72% 72U
Atchison pfd 92Mi
Baltimore & Ohio. 1.000 79 78% 78H
Bait & Ohio pfd.. 100 91 91 !K>V»
Canadian Pacific lie?*
Cent of N Jersey 157
Chesapeake & Ohio 30Vi
Chicago & Alton.. 100 38 CS ,3"&
Chi & Alton pfd 81
Chi & Ot W«et 300 15*» 15H 154
Chi * N W l"0
Chi M A St Paul.. 1.200 142»i 142^ 142U
Chi M A St P pfd 176
Chi Term & Trans 8U
Chi T & T pfd IS
C C C & St Louis 71
Colorado Southern. 100 15»i l»li 15H
Colo So let pfd 5C0 62% 62VJ 52»*
Coto So 2d pfd 22
Delaware & Hud.. ' 150
Del Lack A West 2G3Vi
IVnvfr <l Rl« G 2OV*
Denver A R G pfd C8Vi
Erie 1.300 25 24^ 24^
Erie 1st pfd 400 «3% <3% (S^
Erie 2d cfd 200 38% ZH\ 3S»i
Hocking Valley 200 «7 67 65%
Hocking Valley pfd 200 78*; 78»i 78h
Illinois Central 100 130»» 130** 130
Iowa Central 18
Iowa Central pfd 34
Karsas City So 18
K C S9 pfd 34^
Louisville & Nash. 100 ,108 108 107%
Manhattan 1 600 ' 143% 143^ 143>,«
Met Securities 75
Mtt St Ry 1.100 lOa 108% 108%
Minn & 6t Louis 42
M tft P A S S M.. 100 61% (51%, 61%
M S P A S S M pfd US',
Missouri Pacific... 300 91 \t, 91 fc 91%
Missouri K & T... 17
Mo K A T pfd 100 3614 3614 36V4
Nat RR of Mex pfd .'. 36
New York Central. 115
Norfolk A Western 5OV4
Norfolk A W pfd 86
Ontario A Western 200 21% 21% 21U
Pennsylvania 3.9OU 114% 114H H4H
Pitts C C A St L ' 66
Reading 300 43% 43% 43
Reading. 1st pfd./. * 78
Reading 2d pfd 62
Rock Island Co 900 23 22% 22U
Rock Island Co pfd 700 t>'7 66% '' 66%
St L A S F 2d pfd. 100 47% 47% 47%
St Louis S W „ 13Vi
St Louis S W pfd 32
Eouth-rn Pacific... 1,300 47% 47% 47
Fouthern Railway 20%
Southern Ry pfd... 100 83% 83% 83%
Texas A Pacific ...* 22%
Toledo St L & W,. 100 25% 25% 25
T St L t W pfd.. 200 38% 38% 38
Union Pacific 2,300 84% 84% 84>,4
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 91% 91% 91%
Wabanh jgu
Wabash pfd . 37N
Wheeling A L E 15%
Wisconsin CentraK 1714
Wlscon Cent pfd . . . . ' 39
Mexican Central . 200 1\i 7U 7%
Express Companies-
Adams 220
American i$o
United States 103
Wells-Feoro 205
Miscellaneous—
Amalgam Copper.. 4,200 47 vi 47% 47%
Am Car A Fdy 16%
Am Car & Fdy pfd 70
Am Cotton Oil .... 29>i
Am Cotton Oil pfd* 89 '
American Ice 200 6!« 6% - 6%
American Ice pfd .' 27*i
Am Linseed Oil 8
Am Lin Oil pfd ' 28
Am Locomotive .. 200 19% 19 1!?%
Am Locomo pfd... ' 83
Am Smelt A Rfg.. 300 40 49 48'*
Am £m ft Rfg pfd 100 95% MU 95%
Am Sugar Rfg.... 300 127% 127% 127%
Anacon Mining Co. lfK) 76 76 75
Brook Rapl Trans. 2,400 46% 45% 45%
Colo Fuel A Iron .... 31%
Consolidated Gas.. 1.400 209% 208 208'
Corn Products 12%
Corn Products pfd. 200 70% 70% 70
Distil Securities 22%
General Electric ' 158
Internatl Paper 11%
Int Paper pfd «6
Internatl Pump 38%
Int Pump pfd .... 100 7fl 76 76
National Lead .... 1.700 J'J',1 18% 18%
North American 84
Pacific Mail 26
P*o»>le' « -CJas 07
Pressed Steel Car 26%
Pressed St Car pfd 69%
Pullman Pal Car ' .... 210
Republic Steel .... .... ~C»4
Republic 8te*I pfd. k 000 41% 40% 41
Rubber Goods 100 16 16 15%
Rubber Goods pfd 77
Tenn Coal A Iron. GOO 35 35 34%
IT 8 Leather IOO 6% «% 6%
U 8 Leather pfd.. 100 79% T9% 79%
TT R Realty 6%
U S Realty pfd 200 60 " ff) 69%
IT R Rubber 1.000 1B% 16 15%
V 8 Rubber pfd.. l.WW 6fl 64% 64%
XT S Eteel 1.RO0 lOtt 10% ll>
IT S Steel pfd 3.400 65% 65 R5%
V.Vitinghnuse Elec .... 155
Western Union ... 200 89% 83 88%
Total sales ....40.600 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. May 7.— Bond transactions
United Railroads of Ban Francisco. 100.000 at
$78 76; 500 at $78 87%; 15,000 at $79 12%;
35.000 at 78 87%. • ¦ - . . .
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. .
ssnTsa s«v H - " ked 4%: * referred ' wd
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.,105 L & N unified 4s. 101 '
Do coupon 105 Man con gold 4s. 103%
1.0 3s reg 106 Mex Cent 4s CS
Do coupon 106 Do 1st lnc 13
Do new 4s reg.132% Minn A St L 4a..' 95
Do coupon 132% M. K & T 4s I00>4
Do old 4s reg.107 Do 2ds 78*4
Dd coupon 107 n-r o f Mex con 4s 73%
Atch mtn 4s 100% N Y C gen 3%s.. 99%
Do adj 4s ..... 02 N J C gen. 5s!.. .130
Af.tntlc C L 4s. 94% Nor Pac 4s .... 104
Bf.l A Ohio 4s... 101% Do 3s 72%
Do 3%s »4% Nor A W con 4s. 97%
Central of Ga 5s.lO7- OSL 4s A partlc. 94U
Do 1st lnc 71% Pa conv'3%s n5W
Ches & Ohio l£s.lO3 Reading gen Is... 99
Nau York Stocks and Bonds.
3Iiscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO, May 7.— On the Produce Exchange
to-day the butter market was weak. Creamer^
ies. l.ltfis'jc; dairies, 13@17c. Eggs, weak at
mark, cases included,' 15 V4@16c. , Cheese, easy,
SJ/jSlOijjC. • • ¦ . .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. May 7. — Clos« — Money on call
was nominal with no loans, i
Time loans were steady, with sixty days at
2U P*r cent: ninety days, 2^ per cent; six
months. 3gz3s; per cent.
Prime meccmtlle paper. 3%©4$i per cent.
Sterling exchange was steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at *4 87 for demand
and at $4 85 for sixty-day bills.
Posted rates. $4 85W@4 86 and $4 S8.
Commercial bills, $1 64V4@4 84^.
Bar sliver. 55VtC.
Mexican dollars. 43%c.
Bonds — Governments. steady; railroads,
steadr.
Nciv York Money Market.
The rate of discount in the open market for
fhort bills Is 2U(tf2 3-16 per cent and for thr*«
months' bills 1\Wm, per cent.
Cons money. ,S9 11-16IN Y Central IIS*;
Po sect .....89 13-16|Nor & Western... 5S^g
Anaconda 4 Do pfd 90
Atchison 74HIOnt & Western... 22
Do pfd 95HI Pennsylvania C0-%
Ral & Ohio 81 iRand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 120^1 Reading 22&
Ch*>s & Ohio 31 \tj\ Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 16 I Do 2d pfd 31
Chi. Mil & St P.14«»4lSo Railway 21*i
De Beers 10«4l Do pfd S6Vi
Den & Rio G 20%! So Pacific 4SV 4
Do pfd 72 Union Pacific Pfl T -i
Erie 25*i Do Pfd !>4Vi
Do list pfd 65% U S Steel 10".
Do 2d pfd 40 Do pfd fl«*i
111 Central 133U Wnbafh 1«>4
Lou!* Si Nash... IIO14 Do pfd 39
M. K & Texan... 17^1
Bar silver — Steady. 25V£d per ounce.
Money — 1 per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
. Hops are reported as growing welL Straw
berries and apple trees are In bloom. Cherries
afe eetting heavily. Correspondents are unan
imous la reporting the general good condition
cf croj* although the season Is somewhat
backward.
';<r wheat has made good progress. It is of
jrood color, and never looked better at this
Urn* of year. Early Eown spring wheat is
growing finely. Spring seeding of wheat and
oat* Is from one -half to two- thirds done; some
localities are about flr.lfhed. Early oats, peas
end potatoes are up. Potato planting has pro-
Fre?»ed slowly, on account of wet ground. In
:¦ or y localities the zoil is too cold and wet
iuT gardening.
¦ Th» for* part of the week was moderately
¦warm and very favorable for farm work and
crop growth. The latter part was cool, cloudy.
[,'.;;«rr.-. aad unfavorable for growth of seeds
and garden truck. There was general frost on
the Right of the 29th and 30th. which in some
places iits heavy. In general it did no In-
Jury to fruit, but in localities where it was
i?c*t severe it 1* thought it may have Injured
cherries .In bloesom or setting. The heavy
frost of the C3d is now believed to have done
considerable injury to prunes.
Grass ir.ade good growth during the w*«k,
i»r.ci clover is high for this time of year. Pas
ttins and meadows are In fine condition. Wln-
••"Th« "report cf G. N. Salisbury. Section JJi
•rectorr United States Weather Bureau, for the
•TVashlrgton Crop Bulletin, week ended May
' Z. is as follows:
Washington Crop Bulletin.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Local Bank Clearings daring the week Ju*t
•SxSed were $29.45«.20S. a«rain*t $28,710,567 dur
inc the eorreepondir-g week of last year, show
ing a rain for the week of $715,641.
Bank Clearings.
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday; fresh
southerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Sunday.
Ban FYancisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday,
continued warm; light north winds, changing
O brisk westerly. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2C00 head; the market for
pheep and lambs was. steady; good to choice
wethrrs. $4 7.Vg5 23; fair to choice mixed.
$3 50@4 50; Western sheep, clipped, $4@5 25;
native lambs, $4 75@5 75; Western iambs,
clipped. $4 75@5 75; Western lambs, wooled,
$6(gC S5. '
CHICAGO. May 7.—CATTLE-^Receipts. 200
h*ad ; . market *nomlnal ; good to prime- steers,
$5t*5 85; poor to medium, $3 00<§:4 85; stockers
and feeavTF. $3@4 60; cows. $1 75(g4 40;
h»:lfer3, $2 25®4 CO: canners, $1 75<g2 40; bulls,
$2«?4 10; calves, $2 50@5;. Texas fed steers,
$4*M 65.
HOGS — Receipts to-day SOOO head. Monday
3S.0CO head; market steady to 5c higher:
mixed and butchers', $4 75@4 90: good to
choice heavy, $4 SWS4 05; rough heavy, $4 65
fc>4 80: light, $1 C5@4 80; bulk of sales, $4 40®
4 sr>. ¦ - ¦ ' - ' .
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
Deliveries from first hands sine* the 5th ult.
include: 787 bags Costa Rjca. 137 Nicaragua.
8981 Salvador. 7571 Guatemala. 1414 Mexican
and 2341 various; In all 21,231 bags.
Market rloses quiet. * J .
Co«tn Mica— 14»15%c for strictly prime to
fancy washed: 12H«»3%c for prime washed:
ll«^ei2W= f° r iro°d washed; llU^13c for good
to prime .washed pe«b*rry; ll«iillc for good to
prime peaberry: Iiei2%e for good to prime;
p^lOUc for fair: 7Vi68%c for common to or-;
Salvador— I4814%c for fancy washed: 12}i»
13Vic for strictly prime washed: lO%012c for
good to prime washed: OSlOc tor fair washed:
lOffl2'^c for fair to prime washed peaberry;
nw.«if!'-jc for good to prime *eml-washe<i: OO
9%c for superior unwunhed: 8%©8%c for good
green unwashed; 9%«H0e for good to superior
unwashed peaberry; 7$8c for Inferior to or
dinary. ¦ *¦'-'
Nicaragua— Nominal; ll%Q13%c for prime to
fancy washed: 9®lO%c for fair to strictly good
washed: 8V»«8%c for good to superior un
washed: 9%<?10e for good to prime unwashed
Guatemala and Mexican — 14G15e for fancy
washed: 12<H3Uc for prime to strictly prime
washed: I1011%c for strictly "good washed:
10 a «c for good washed: »U©10iic for fair
wa'fhed: RVi69c for medium; 7©7%c for In
ferior to ordinary: 10%©12%c for good to prime
washed peaberry: O^eiOc for good to prime
unwashed p-ab»rry; 8%©9>4c for good to su
perior unwashed.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnin* Com
pany quotes as follows per lb In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.83c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5."0c;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry ! Granu
lated, coarse. 5.60c: Fruit Granulated 5.60c;
Beet Granulated (ICO-lb bags only). 8.60c;
Confectioners' A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 6-2Oc;
Extra C. 5.10c: Golden C. 5.00c: "D."
4.tK)c: barrels. 10c more: half barrels. 25«
more: boxes. COc more; 50- lb bags. 10c more
for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels. 6.10c;
boxes. 6.35c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos. 8.60c
per lb. No orders taken for less than seventy
five barrels or Its equivalent.
COFFEE — C. E. BIckford's circular gives
the receipts at this port thus far this year a!
01. 0M bags, against 139.S52 bags durinc the
first four months of 1003. The sales from first
hands were 72.7P7 bags, against 78.354. and
the stock In first hands May 1 was 33,319 bags,
against 86. 535. The circular says:
"Markets everywhere are quiet and the net
position to-day Is not appreciably different
from that of a month ago. Local receipts con
tinue light and at this wrttln* are 42.000 bags
under those of la«t year. Stocks In first hands
are moderate and not well assorted, washed
Coffees being cuperabundant. while medium and
lower grades are scarcely obtainable. The lat
ter *ri bringing relative premiums of %<?lc
per lb by reason of their extreme scarcity and
will doubtiets continue on this basis until the
deficiency U relieved by freer arrivals.
- "Brazil estimates of the 19O4-5 crop are cur
rently placed at from 9.000.000 to lO.ono.OOO.
Some houtes formerly maintains larger figures
have recently -reduced their views to practi
cally meet the outside estimate. The specu
lative position Improved about 70 points toward
the middle of April, but has since lost all the
advance and closed to-day with a downward
tendency, due to expected early increase of re
relpts at Brazilian ports and a smaller reduc
tion In visible supply on May 1 than had
been anticipated.
"To-day's first-hand stock ronftlnt* of 2410
bags Costa Rica. 434 Nicaragua. 15.740 Salva
dor 20,370 Guatemala. 830 Mexican and M6O
various: In all 48.244 bags."
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 19
7V6c per lb: White Lead. 7®7%c. according to
quantity. -
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5%c spot and 5%c June-
July; San Qufntin. $3 40; .Wool Bags. 32335c;
Fleece Twine 7®8c.
COAL — V. titlnKUm. $8 per ton; New Wel
llngtnn. $4: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill $6; Stanford $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bar. $5 50; Greta. $7: Willsend. $7: Richmond.
$7 50; Ccmberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Caunel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 500 U
p«r ton In bulk and $15 In* sacks: Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, $1 Hkgl 12: Lucol. 45c for botled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 603"Cc per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels, .We for Ceylon and 65e
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. SOc; natural winter Sperm Oil. 8Oc; extra
bleached winter Wh*le Oil, C5c; natural Whale
OH. 60c; »xtr* winter strained Lard Oil, 75c:
No. 1 Lard Oil. COc: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. C3c: light Herring OIL
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c:
boiled F1*h Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— \S'ater White Coal OH. in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 2O%c; Astral 2O%c;
Star, 20fec: Extra Star. 24Hc; Elaine. 28%c:
Eocene. 23%c: Deodorized' Stove Gasoline, la
bulk. 16c; In caies, 22Hc: Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In casts. lO^c; 8tt-degre« Gasoline ia
bulk, i'&c; In rasts. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In eases and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8©9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@3c; thin Cows. 4Q5c per lb.
CALVES — 104 %c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%64c; Ewes. 3HS3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 5CQ2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hcgs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6%e;
over 200 lbs. 3Vi&5%c: soft Hog*. 4% ( e3 I *c:
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. B0 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. . -
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 708c for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
Cows. ¦
VEAL— Large, £09c; small. 8%Q9%e per
pound. • • .
MUTTON— Wethers. 8#8}*c; Ewes. 7%«3c
per lb. •• : ->--> '
LAMB— lOeiOVie per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%90c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. -
Local packers and butchers report plenty of
stock . coming In and the market Is rather
weak than otherwise. Quotations remain as
before.
Meat Market.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 4^<ffSc per lb;
Rhubarb. 35if2&0c for bay and C0f*75c per box
for San Jose: Green Peas $1 2.1W2: Garden
Peas. 3@3%c per lb; String Beans. 5*@7c per lb;
Wax Beans. 8S?10c per lb; Tomatoes. $1 50©
1 75 per box or crate for Los Angeles an<l
$ I £0*72 25 for Mexican; Summer Squash. $1 25
ftl 50 per box; Cabbage, $1 50 per ctl: Carrots.
50c ptr sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 7r>o€$l 23
per' dozen; Garlic, nominal; Egg Plant, 10<g20e
per lb; Dried Peppers. 84jlUt--' for dun-uried
• nd 12H'ffil3c per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra. ;2^®15c per lb; Green Peppers, Sft^c
per lb for Los Angeleg and lVnl'IV for MexU-un;
.Marrowfat Squa«h. jobbing at l!:@2c per lb.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1 35
SI 50 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 50tgl 75
per ctl; River Heds. $l(gl 10 per ctl; small
Or.-con Burbanks for seed, $1 25® 1 50 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles. $1 25@1 50 per ctl; Early Rose.
$1 25^1 40 per ctl; new Potatoes, l*i®2c per
pound. •
ONIONS— Australian Yellow. $3 50«4 50 per
ctl; new Red. $1 75@2 per sack; new Green,
00c per box.
Trade, in old Potatoes "was rather quiet, as is
usually^ thp case on Saturday. ' and previous
prices'ruled for all descriptions. The general
tone ot the market was easy, particularly for
low-grade offerings of Oregon Burbanks, which
constituted the bulk , of the supplies of that
description. Receipts of new Potatoes were
368 racks and there were several hundred sacks
of carried -over stock on the market^ Occa
sional lots sold at a slight advance over the
maximum quotation, but the general run of
supplies sold within* the quoted range. Yellow
Onions were firmly held at the recently ad
vanced quotations and dealers were Indifferent
about disposing of their holdings.
' Trade In miscellaneous vegetables was brisk,
ai retailers were purchasing for two days'* re
quirements, and several descriptions di<1 better.
Keen competition among dealers for choice lots
of Asparagus and Peas forced prices of those
vegetables up a little. The canners were atllf
in. the market for* Asparagus and cleaned up
surplus stocks of No. 1 and No. 2 stock at
4%@5c per pound. Mexican Tomatoes were
firmer at higher rates and the Los- Angeles
article did better under very light supplies..
Receipts of String i and Wax Beans from the
south aggregated 121 jsacks and. although the
demand was brisk, prices ranged lower.
Receipts of > vegetables included 1061 boxes
of Asparagus. 518 boxes of Rhubarb and 710
sacks of Peas.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money—, U S SteeTi^... 10
Call loans 2$3U Do pfd 55
Time loans 3@4% Weeting Common. 78
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s 100H Adventure ...:.... 1%
Do adj 4s 91%-Allouea 5
Mex Cent 4s ee^TAmal Copper 47%
Railroads — ¦ Amer Zinc 9%
Atchison 72% Atlantic 7%
Do pfd 92% BinRham 21
Boston & Albany.244 | Calumet & Hecla.46. r >
Boston & Maine. 16S I Centennial 20%
Boston Elev 140 IConper Range ... 43
Fltchburg rfd 13S iDaly West 22
Mex Central C-^lDom Coal 65
N Y. N H & H..1RS Franklin 7%
Pere Maruette. .. 78>£|Grancy 3%
Union Pacific 84VAlI*Ie Rovale (V-i
Mlscellanrous — |Ma«< Mining .... 3*4
Amer Arge Chem. M'/ilMlchlgan 4
Do pfd 72%!Mohawk 4m
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% ! Mont Coal k Coke 2%
Amer Sugar 12S«.;|Old Dominion ... 12%
Do pfd ..^ 12«V4!Osceola fifi-"5i
Aroer Tel & TeI.126%lPajrot 23'-j
Amer Woolen ... 10 iQulncy 8t
Do pfd 73%IShannon "Vt
Dom Iron & S... 11 iTamarack .... 90
Ed Elect Ilium.. .23fi Trinity 3TJ
Oen Electric 156 I! S Mining lf>%
Mass Electric 19Vi V S OH lUi
Do pfd ...: 72 Utah 33>>i
Maes Oas .10% Victoria 3 1-16
XTnited Fruit 110V4 Winona H%
Un Shoe Mach... r.rt Wolverine 70%
Do pfd 20M
CHICAGO. May 7. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady: winter patents, $4 70
<rM 80: straights. $4 40(g4 60; spring - patents.
$4 30® 4 60; straights. $3 90@4 10; bakers, $2 65#
3 SO; 'No. 2 eprlng wheat. SS@95c; No. 3, 86@
94c; No. 2 red. $1 02@l 04; No. 2 corn, 4S>,4@
48>,ic; No. 2 yellow. 52%@53%c; No. 2 oats.
41%®-ll%c: No. 2 white, 42c; No. 3 white, 41%
@44c; No. 2 rye, 70c; good feeding barley, 32@
37c; fair to choice malting. 45@56c; No. 1 flax
seed. $1 01; No. 1 Northwestern. $10S%; prime
timothy seed. $2 90; mess pork, per barrel,
$1137^(51140;. lard, per 100 lbs. $8 47%@0 5C:
short ' ribs sides (loose). $6 12%(?6 25; ah'jTt
clear side* (boxed). $B 25@« 50; whisky, basis
of hfgh wines. $1 2S; clover contract grade,
?10 75.
Articles — ' Receipts Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,900 13.200
Wheat, bushels '....... 22.000 17.300
Corn, bushels 200,000 . 137,900
Oats, bushels.- 121, ROO 119.000
Rye, bushels 1.000 10. 000
Barley, bushels SS.700 16,600
Cash Grain 'and Provisions.
. Beans show a good many changes in a small
way. Large and small Whites are weak un
der large arrivals. Pinks are showing still
more firmness with a lively speculative and
shipping demand. The other kinds are irreg
ular and quiet, as will be seen. ,
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 55; Pea, $3; But
ters. $3@S 25; small White. $2 9O@3 10; larg*
White. $2 40JS2 (SO: Pink. $3 40©3 50; Red.
$1 25; Lima/ $3 23(53 30; Red Kidneys <$4 75®
5: lUarkeye. $1 0O@2 10 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$2<f2-50. , . -.¦>• k<
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. *4Qi 25; Yellow
Mustard. $3@3 25; Flax. • $1 80@l 90; Canary,
5H@5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%@16c; Rape
1%©2c; Timothy. ¦ 6@6%e; Hemp. 3H®4c per
lb; Millet. .363 He; Broom Corn Seed. $20021
pei tun. * - ' . - ¦ ¦'
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; NHes.
$3 25; Green Peas. $3@3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
WalUstreei Stocks weak and Cotton lower.
Fair business in local Stocks and Bonds.
Bank Clearings show a slight gain for the week.
Shipment of $953,1 14 in Specie to tlie Orient.
Silver a fraction or so higher. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat still quiet, with large world's stocks.
Government again in the market for Oats and Hay.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran and Middlings still in slender stock and firm.
Numerous variations in Beans, with Pinks briskly taken.
Potatoes in good supply and quiet. Onions firmly held.
Vegetables in active demand and generally firm.
Game and young Poultry cleaning up well.
Receipts of Cherries and Strawberries continue to increase.
Oranges firm and in very fair demand.
Dried Fruits generally well cleaned up. Prunes still dull.
Raisins in moderate demand at the reduced quotations.
Provisions slow and not over firm.
Wool moving fairly. Hops steady and quiet.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Coffee market reported quiet everywhere.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 30| Little Chief 05
Alice 20 Ontario 3 75
Breece. 10 Cphlr 5 00
Bruns Con 04 Phoenix 06
Com Tunnel ..... lfi|Potosl 16
Con Cat A Va... 1 70! Savage 30
Horn Silver ..... 1 35] Sierra Nev 45
Iron Silver 1 731 Small Hopes 15
Leadvlllo Con ... 02|Standard 2 CO
Chi & Alton 3%s. 77% SL & I M con 6s.ll3%
£. B & Q new 4s. 94% S L & S F fg 4s. 82%
C.M & SP gn 4S.100 St Louis SW lsts. 94%
9. £ ? W con ~ a - 12 ?% Seaboard A L 4s. 68%
<-•_ R I & Pac 4s. 70% So Pacific 4s 91%
Do. 00 . 1 5,» 81 H So Railway 6s....ll5T«
W,C4 SLgn 4S.100-* Tex & Pao Ists..ll8%
Chi Term 4s 80% T. St L & W 4s. 70%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 59 Union Pacific 4s...ior»i;
Colo * So 4s 84% Do conv 4s S»7%
C F & I con 5s.. 70 US Steel 2d 5s.. 72%
Den & Rio G 4s. 99 Wabash lsts 115%
Erie prior lien 4s. 98% Do deb B 61%
Do gen 4s 86% W & L Erie 4s. 90
F W A D C Ists.10716 Wls Cent 4s 90
Hock Val 4%s 107H
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS,
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — . Open. High. Low.. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — 1
May v 01% 01% 00% 91
July (old) 87«4 87*i -'R6*4 .87%'
July (ne^v)..:... 86*4 86^5 85% .86%
Sept (old)...... 82% 82% 81 % *82%
Sept (new)..... 81% SHi 80% '80%
Corn No. 2 —
May 47 •Ttf 4654 * 7
July 4S% 48% 48 48%
September 48 48% 47& / 45
Oats No. 2 —
May 41 41H 41 41%
July 3S»i 38% 38% 38%
September 30% 30% 30% 30 Vi
. Mess Pork, per bbl — •
May.. '.. 1165
July 1175 1175 11 52% 11 57&
September ...'.. 11 80 1180 1170 1175
Lard, per 100 bis —
May 6 47%
July 6 62% 6 62% 6 67% 6 60
September 6 77% 6 77% 6 72% 6 75
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 0 22% 6 25 6 22% 6 25
July 6 45 6 45 6 40 6 42%
September 660 660 6 55 6 57%
All descriptions under ' this head remain
about as previously quoted. Wool is movir.fr
off fairly. Hops are- quiet and steady and Hides
show no change. Buckskins exhibit some va
riation the first for some time.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about H@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 0%c: nv-dlum. 8 He: light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and. 8c for light; Stags.
Oc: Salted Kip. 0c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16c: dry Kip. 13c: dry
Calf. -18c; Sbe*psklns. shearlings. 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40®63c each; medium. 70r&90c: long
Wool $101 50: Horse Hides.- salt. $2 75 for
large" and $2Q2 50 for medium. $1 25-91 73 for
small and COc for Colts. Hors* Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1$1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 30@32^c. Goat Skins —
Prim* Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4VLQi\ic per lb;
No. 2. 31494c; grease. 2H93c.
WOOL— Spring clip— San Joaquin and South
ern. 12 months'. 9® lie; do 7 months'. 8®10c
per lb; Middl» Counties, 124 16c for free and
Il@l4o for defective: Northern. 13#17e for fr««
and 13©15c for defective; Nevada, 12915c. ac
cording to condition.
HOI'S- Mfl27 per Ib for California, 1903.
and 17 Vi 020c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There I was no further ¦ change in quotations
yesterday, the market continuing - dull both
here. and in th« West. . •
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9He per Ib for
heavy. 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
13'4c for extra light and 13-816c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-curtd . Hams, 13c: Cali
fornia Hams, 12®12Hc; Mess Beef, $10 iotp
11 per bbl; extra Mess. $11 8O®12: Family.
$12 5OS 13; prime Men Pork. $15; extra clear.
$24; Mess. $18; Dry ¦ Salted Pork. lOHcr Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
P *LARD-.Tlerces quoted at (^e per lb for
compound and SH C f° r P"re; half-barrels, pure.
8<>ic;.10-lb tins. »Kc; 5-lb tins. 8%c; 3-Ib Una.
O'AC. - '¦ *
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. S%e; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. BHc; two tierces,
8ttc; five tierces. 8?»c per lb.
\ Provisions.
The Government has Issued an invitation for
bids to furnish 3876 ton* of Hay at San Fran
disco. Seattle or Portland, the bids to be open
ed June 4, and as It Is expected that Sain
Francisco will, get- the order . the Hay market
is showing : more tone, in consequence, though
prices remain unchanged. . . r '
Feedstuff s are still quoted very firm with
supplies light. '
BRAN— *21t>22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-^»27 50©20 50 rper ton. .
¦ SHORTS— $21@22 per ton. :,
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled' Barley. $23 C0«24 p » r
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50031;
jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal. $30 50©31 60; Cracked Corn. $31832:
Mixed Feed. $21@22: Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl. :
HAT — Wheat. $11<S15; Wheat and Oat, $U@
14; Oat. $10^13 50; Barley. $10©12; Stock.
$10<&U: AlfaUa. $9^11 per ton. .. n
STRAW — 5C©70c per bale.
Ha\ and Fcedstutfs.
changed to ftc lower-, at 3&%o to 38%c. - July
sold between 3S%c and 3834c, closing at 39V4Q
38%c. *' • it, -¦-.. - - ..
The feature of trading In provisions 'was
the selling of July lard by a leading- packer.
The market was poorly supported and in con
sequence the entire list showed a slight de
cline. July oork closed 10c lower, July lard
and ribs were each down 2%c. /_:
©»%o for amber; water white extracted. &9
6tf c; light amber extracted. 4tt<N%c; dark.
SH©4e. ¦ . ,
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^Iy. SUNDAY, ( MAYA 8,^ 1904/
Trading on , the Bond Exchange was rather
above the Saturday average, with most of ton
sales In lighting bonds and stocks' Mutual
Electric was somewhat weaker at $12 12'i912.
There was a sale of Bank of California at
$427 50. Hawaiian Sugar was stronger at JoO.
The oil and mining stocks continued quiet. -
- Sales on the ' California Exchange last week
Business Rather Above the Usual
Saturday Average.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80®
5 10, usual' terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70©5:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at 13 8504 25
"'milLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: . Graham Flour, S3 60 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, *3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7* Corn Meal.- $3 00; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats. »4 60: .-Hominy; $4@4 25; " Buck
wheat Flour. $4 6d©4 75: Cracked Wheat. *4;
Farina.. $4 80: -"Whole -Wbeat '.Flour.-;, $3 75;
Rolled Oats. bbls. *7 25®8 60; In sacks, $0 75®
8 10: Pearl' Barley, SSrSpllt Peas, boxes. $7 ;
Green Peas. 15 60 per 100 Iba, ," .
Flour and- Miltstuffs.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Pago Forty-Seven.
CHICAGO. May 7.— A fair degree of flrmnes*
was displayed at the opening- In wheat, the
July delivery being up a' shade to H@Kc.at
M%c to 8«>'-5C. The market stIM felt the ef
fects of yesterday's extremely bullish crop re-
I'orts, but the main feature of strength was
undoubtedly rains In the Red River - Valley,
which will delay still longer the seeding : op
erations. On the smallest advance local longs
took profits and In consequence the market de
veloped an easier tone. There were plentiful
rains throughout the winter wheat country, th<»
effect of which is to encourage sales for short
account. Prices held about steady until late
In the session, when renewed profit taking
carried July down to 85%c. Shorts covered
quite freely In expectation of a bullish Gov
ernment crop report. As a result part of the
loss was regained. - The market closed steady,
with July at 86@88Hc. Clearances , of wheat
ard flour were equal to 198,500 bushels. ¦'
The tone in wheat . bad a depressing effect
on corn prices, but there was sufficient support
from pit traders to prevent any loss. The close
was steady with prices at about the best fig
ures of the day. July opened unchanged to a
shade higher at 48%c to 48Vi@48%C sold be
tween 48c and 48%c, closing at the top. '. , ;
• Selling of the July option, by pit .traders un
der the leadership of a . prominent trader
caused a decline ; In oats. After opening un-
Future Grain and Provision*.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
ADCTION SALES
£* £*» £a
AUCTION SALE!
FIFTY-FIVE HEAD MARES AND Q2I«D-
INGS. broken and halter-broken, ages 3 to 8,
weight 10GO to 1400 pounds. Matched spaas.
Consigned by C. R. SUGGETT. College City.
CaL
Also a number of SHETLAND PONIES aad
a PERCHERON STALLJON. blade. 4. rears
old, 1700 pounds.
' Sale takes place
Monday Evening, May 9, 1904,
At 8 o'clock, at
Salesyard^ 1732 Market St.. cor. Van Ness
»vf., San Francisco.
Horses at yard Sunday, M,ay S.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Kllllp ft O-,
. Livestock Auction— ra.
AUCTION.
*^g Holstaln-Frlsslans
BULLS. FRESH COWS. CALVES.
, From th* celebrated prize-winning H.
SIRSTA HERD, the Gold Medal Champion*.
' MONDAY EVENING. May IS. 1904. at 3 p. m.
By Electric Light.
F. H. BURKE. Proprietor.
SO Montgomery St.. San Fraaciaoo.
FRED H. CHASB & CO., Auctlonaers,
1732 MARKET ST..
San Francisco. Cal.
Send for catalogues.
Cattle at yards May 11.
BOTXCS.
By virtu* of an order issued out of th« Su-
perior Court of. the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, on the 7th day
I of May. 10O4, notice" is hereby given that w«
will sell at public auction to the highest bid-
der for cash, subject to confirmation by tha
court, payable 10 per cent of tha purchase
price on the fall of the hammer, and tha
balance upon confirmation of said sale by tha
court, on Wednesday, tbe 13th day of May.
1904. at 2 o'clock p. m.. in front of th« Mer-
chants' Exchange, situate at the corner of
Sansxne and Sacramento streets In the City
and County of Ban Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, tha . steamera Napa. City and St.
Helena, their enartnts. boilers. machinery,
boats, tackle, apparel, .appurtenances and fur-
niture with the warehouse belonging to> H. G.
Bell. J. M. Graham. A. Hatt Jr. and Gustavo
H. Munk. situate in Napa City, California.
The said steamers ar« stern wheel steamers
and of 178.87 and 344.93 tons resrlster respect-
ively. EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auc-
tioneers.
AT AUCTION.
On MONDAY. May 9. at II o'clock.
At JOHN BOOTH'S STOCKYARDS.
TWELFTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
By order of S. Harris of Modoc County X
will sell £5 bead of choice, sound young horses
that weigh from 1100 to 14C0: blocky and
heavy boned; are all In good condition, and
have been driven. Any one. wanting to pur-
chase good sound young horses at his own
price should be mare and attend this sale.
The above stock are on the way and will ar-
rive at tba yards Saturday morning, and must
and will be sold. S. W ATKINS, Auctioneer.
Office. 122 Grove st. m
fe fe
AT AUCTION
On THURSDAY. May 12. at 11 o'clock.
At J. B. HORANS SALESYARDS.
Corner TENTH and BRYANT STS..
I will sell 65 head of broken and unbroken
horses; they weigh from 1000 to 1300 pounds;
frcm 4 to 8 years old; good, solid chunks: all
In good condition and must be sold. S. WAT-
KINS, auctioneer; office 123 Grove St.; phoaa
South' 20.
jfv^ By order of J. O'BRIEN of MARY3-
•* VILLE I will sell at auction one car of
ALL-PURPOSE HORSES, with a lot of good
WAGONS BUGGIES, SURREYS. CARTS an*
HARNESS, at 1140 FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAY.
May 10. at 11 a. m. WM. CLOUGH. Auc-
tioneer^
SEE THIS
FUlJLt PAGE PICTURE.
"WHAT DID YOU SAY?"
One of the Sauciest. Daintiest
of All the Paintings at the
Hopkins Art Association
Spring Exhibition.
Reproduced In Multiple Color.
XEXT SUNDAY CALL.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MAY S, , 1904
42
1 -* ti - Kl> -yoit SALK.
! JAMES G. JONES. 2« Montgomery st..
— Opposite Lick. House.
Do you know how big San Francisco was fifty-
six years ago? - January 1, . 1848, San
• Francisco contained Just forty^nlne houses
¦ and Ju«t 460 souls. .
Do you know how bis San Francisco Is to-
. - day? fctart out and walk- around It.
I Do you know how big Japan was flfty-slx
_ years ago? It wa3 a b«irhrhted weakling.
¦ Do you know. how biz. Japan ls.U>-da,y? If
1 you don't know. Russia knows and won't
• furjet.
The r>oint that In a very bungling way 1 am
- tryin; to make U this: There are two
nations that don't put all their brains In
a frying pan; these nations are now writ-
Ing bis folios of history, political and
commercial: they are in the forefront of
! the two Pacifies, \ and San Francisco 13
j squarely t» the iront of one: the tremtn-
I dous events that are new taking place are
j making fan Francisco land owners rich.
¦ Presto'.* Hike to my otflce as quick as you
can. . . 1
¦ 521,000 — Nine brand new corner flats. 4 of 4 j
I . rooms and 5 of 5 rooms; strictly mod-
I em; well In; rent over $2600; will net
over 12 per cent on cash necessary to
buy, j after deducting taxes. Insurance,
water, collections, vacancies and re-
pairs.
$18,500 — Three modern 8-rooro flats; north line
.„ .* SuU «" r ; lot 27;«xll2; rent $1800.
$10,500— Three modern flats of 8. 8 and 0
rooms; north line; best part O'Farrell;
I rent S1620. i
J 1 p«r 'cent— Three elegant, v«ry modern 5-room J
1 flat? nearlne completion on NE. corner
24th and Fair Oaks; 6ee them before I
buying elsewhere. >¦ • i
$4,500— Make offer; Htelnrr, between Oak and
: - Fell; strikingly beautiful let; 30x100;
I ¦ near Alamo square.; trrand view. ;
$11,500— Grand NK. corner: Church and 15lh: j
on grade; lot SistlW; 1 block from '
Market st. ; .electric cars. !
?2,S00 — Church, near 15th; lot 25x75; on :
KT.nl?; 1 block from Market St.; electric I
¦ cji-s; fine ri'ljthborhood. i
$4,CGU — SE. corner Guerrero and 15th; lot 3<Jx j
! 72: good tuy. •
C4.000— North line Uth: 7."ixll0; on erads;
electric- cars; reduced from $.V>00. '
?1, 400— single 23-foot lot, n«ar the above;
north line; en grade. j
$1.2CC— North line leth. near Market; lot 3Ox !
134. j
Jl, 200— Beautiful corner on Clement St.: .
74: electric cars; flne buy.
$C00 — Fine InsMe lot on Clement n»*rby. lot 1
23x100: on grade. '¦
$1,500— Another flne corner on Clement. n«nr I
where 'so many lot* have ch«nc»4 hands
lately at larse profits: lot 44x100.
JA>tES G. JONES, 2rt Montgomtry st.
MADISON & UU-RKE,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. IMS.
HO Montgomery st ..Opposite Lick House. I
$10,000— Dev'sadero Bt.: store and flats; lot
50x82 :(>; new building; rent $150.
$7,500— Sacramento ft., north llnf. near
Etrlner; fl-roem house; In flne condition;
this Is a nice home.
$12,000— Post *t.: two large,- well constructed
hout«s; very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$0,000—6 flats and store below; near Sixth
and Brannan sti.: rent $86 per month;
new buJldiDS.
$S,0CO— Ashbury St., near Frederick: a flne
large 10-rcom house; near the park:
bllllard-room, finished attic and all
modern conveniences.
$10,750 — Page st.; 2 up-to-date flats, 6 and 7 f
rooms and bath; annual rent $200.
$3,256— Beaver *t.. near No*; beautiful cot-
tage, Just the thins for a small family;
flne garden.
$5,000— Cottage and lot: Bartlett St.. n«ar
Tw»nty-flr!rt; 6 rooms and bath; all r
latest Improvements.
$3. SCO— Clipper et.. near C*»tro. \
$3,750— Grand ave., near Mission st.'; 2 good
flats; price low; rent $33. »
' * ' r. — -'«•--. - ' I
$4,0CO— Ter.th st., near Harrison; lot 25x100;
rent $32.
|. IoT3
I $9,000— Stelner St.. bet. Oeary and O'Farrell;
car lines; 2 lots, Mxl37:6 feet.
' $1,600 — Fourteenth ave. Hnd A st., comer, 120
feet on the new Park Panhandle.
! $1,900— Harrieon st., near 24th; fine cottage,
, 0 rooms and bath: lot 25x110; cheap.
$4,DC0— Chattanooga Rt., ntar Twenty-third;
large lot. 05x117:0 to r*ar street.
I Lots 27:6x137:6. on Sutter St., between Sleiner
i and Pierce.
! Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. and Baker nt. ; In sites to- suit;
prtefs from $2000 upward.
Three lot*, each 27:0x137:6. on south line of
i '¦?.}: Geary St., near Fillmore.
MADISON tt BURKE.
; 30 Montgomery* «t.. opp. Lick House.
: ELEGANT nsw r«ftldenc?, near Park, contaln-
1 liip S rooms, etc.: new design, and flnlsh;
nothing like it; 823 Aphbury, near Frederick;
lot 20xlC6:3; a bargain.
I MADISON & BURKE.
i MORE LARGE LOTS.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK.
1 $1030 TO $1850.
''¦¦.J :**¦ ' EASY TERMS.
LOTS33:lxll'0.
KncourHRed by the rapid sale of the block re-
' cently placed on the market In th,e Jordan
j Tract, the own*r. Mr. J. C. Jordan has In-
structed us tn offer the half block to the east.
1 facing on Jordan avenue, on exactly the same
j terms anil condltlors as governed the sale of •
j the flrst block. The lares lots and the build- :
' In? restrictions have proven to be a great sue- •
: cess among those who contemplate building de-
sirable homes.
! Have you ncen the property? The land Is
being sold In exceptionally large lots. 33:4xl2O,
at tho extremely low prices mentioned above.
I Terras are on*-flfth cash and the balance 'n
four yearly payment* of one-flfth each with
; the privilege of paying faster. Building re- j
. strlcttons have been placed on thl? property j
! which make It possible for you to build a home 1
I or two flats without being damaged by netjrh<
; boring buildings. These restrictions prohibit
the UKe of the land for stores, coal yards,
laundries, etc. Three-story -flats are also pro-
hibited, j
We have sold 16 lots In this bloch to people !
who will make exceptionally good Improve- I
mentki. This is the only block In the city where j
you can buy a. large lot. where all the lots are. |
large awl all the Improvements good. This
plan has succeeded In all of the large cities In
the East and the rapid sale of this land proves 1
that it is In favor here.- Prices range- from
¦f. ".2 CO -to $55 00 a front foot, which Is ex-
tremely, low for property »o well situated.
Take our advice and see the land at once.
It can be reached by the Sacramento and Eddy |
Ktreet Wnta besldfts th* Geary and butter street 1
linn. The new California electric road which
will take the place of theisteam dummy will
pass the property. Malta haste and see the
land at once, as It is going fast.
LTON & HOAG, •
116 Montgomery Street.
B. GETZ, Room 22. Chronicle Bide
OWNER AND DEALER.
NEW DI-OCK on the ' OCEAN . BEACH.
STREETS GRADED.
Lots'L*vel on th»v Grade to Build Upon.
Superb View of th« Ocean.
Easy Monthly Installments.. Perfect Bargains.
$fo to $400— Ocean Heights and boulevard
lots. *.!___¦
$350- to $5CO— ICth-ave. boulevard lots; i
J graiUd. . • . 1
$2CO to S12C0— Sunset and Richmond lots;
on- block faclnr Bpreckels Lake and new
Park hpeud track; easy payments. . |
¦ . - — ~~— - /
$150 up— Excelsior Homestead lots; level on
grade; city water; Mlss!on-st. cars, v
f $75 to $1CO — Ocean View level lots; 'streets
{.graded: clty;.water;. name your »wn payments. 1
$lCOO~to $5()00— Modern houses and cottages i
In all districts. on very easy installments.
Call at My Ofllce. Room 22, Second Floor.
Chronlclt Building. ,
: : — : — : : : — ; 1
$15.000 — HOWARD, near 6th; flne Investment:
. . pays good Interest; Improvements all
in- flne condition; well worth lnvestl- ;
W*EW gating. . ¦if^iaayWWli|8HiiWiiifli!Jjiit»{^ti
$7,©C0— Fine bargain on Gearj' st., near Brod-
. crick; good rqcderrl' house; all-in flne
. order:, will be sold -cheap:
$3 per month— Fine lots on Naples, near China
ave. ,^ close to cars; all- ready for bulld-
- Ing: cheapest lot In the. district.- . ¦ •
' McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery, st.
FOR sale on 16th nnd Castro »t. ; corner lot.
¦ 2ixl60; - new cottage: 'latest lmprovemenn:'
*5 robro*.', uatli; reception hall: finest view In
city overlooking city and bay; real bargain.
fe-e It at once, as It must be sold. Inquire
- ::>7«5O sixteenth , bt. , .', • • ¦ . ¦ ' - - 1
COTTAGE of ; 5 r. * and - b. on 26th St., ; near ',
Sanclujz: muiif-rii liiii.ii-ovoiii»nt»; 4>25uu; caa n
get^lonn of* $1WK)' It wanted. ¦ .
$250 -down for- new > cottage Ton San Jose
ave.-^P. COFFIN & CO.; 3303 Mission st.
jj(K^COTTAGE.>3 rooms; lot 50*100;. Gu*r^
I . rero-*t."rsr.««paM lh»>-cloor. Mlsslcn Realty
' : Co..* 2 7'wcnty-nlnth st
BALDWIN t HOWELU ¦ T *'' i
25 POST STREET. I
$41.000— PoBt-«t. corner: lot 50x«l:6: spUndld
buslnes* property: 3 stores and 4 flat*;
new building; rents $266 50 per month.
$30,CC0 — Poi>t-Et, corner; downtown location:
lot 25x50; store and "flat above; rentr
$125. -
$30,000— Devlsadero et. largo lot. KsllO; new
building x>f 0 flats of 8 roams and bath
! each; rents, $190. ¦•'
I $15i.CC-0— Fulton st.; lot 27 :6sl 12:, new "bulld-
ir.ir of 3 Oats of 8 rooms and bath each;
rents $110. ¦
$7,000— Page st.. near Scott: lot 25xl3cflS
house of 8 rooms and bath.
$7.0CO — Clay st.. near Cherry; lot 57x127; cot-,
tage of 4 rooms; portion of lot vacant;
rill subdivide.
$S,250— Brodertck st.; near Caliiirnla: 2 flats
of •) and 7 rooms and bath each; lot
27:6xS7:6; rents $65.
$10,000— Hayes et.. lot 25xlS7:6: 3 flats of 5,
6 and 7 rooms and bath~ each; rents
$900 per annum.
$6,700— Broadway, near Hyde st.; 2 flats of
6 and 4 rooms and bath each and rear
house of 3 rooms; rents $5S per month.
$5,600— Foltsom at., near 4th; lot 25xS0; 2-
. story house of 7 rooms; rent $40.
$7.000— Fell St.. near Laguna; lot 25x120 to
rear street; -2-8tory house of 0 rooms
. and bath; brick foundation ; rear por-
tion of lot vacant.
$5,000— Uth ave.. near I St.: ' lot 25x05; 2-
story house of 8 rooms and bath, attic
and basement; price Includes furniture
complete.
$7.000— Clayton st.. near Frederick; 2-story
and basement residence of 7 rooms; bath
and laundry; lot 26x101:3.
$12,000— Pierce St., ntar Haight: lot 25x37:0;
new bultdlxiB* of :t flats of 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $37 CO.
$4,800— Vlcksburg St., near 23d; lot 26:6x
117:6; residence of 7 rooms and bath.
$4,000— Union «L. nesr Flllmore: lot iSxlOO;
cottage of 5 rooms and batb. ;
.$12,000— Nebraska tt., near Alameda; lot «0x
100; .cottage of 6 rooms and bath; also
stable.
$2,500 — Day st:. near Sanchez: cottage of 4
{ rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
; $g, 500— Mason-st. corner, ntar Jackson; hou;e
of A rooms find bath.
$6,000— Polk et.. near Vallejo; lot 23xS4:R;
;< 2 flats of 4 an<r-5 rooms and bath each; I
rents $47 50 per month. I
$6,600— Webster «t.. near Geary; house of 8
• ' rooms and bath ; lot 23xS9.
BRANCH Of flee of
BALDWIN A HOWELU
Corner H Street and Seventh Avenue,
. Fronting Golden Gate Park.
Office open every day. Including Sundays and j
holidays. Horse and phaeton' to show property: 1
epl«ndid line of choice building lets In Fwn-et
District. Parnassus Heights and. Richmond.
Terms— $50 to $1CO cash.
Property O» ners.
Partlf* owning property in Richmond and
Sunset districts will find It to their sdvanta?*!
to list their property with us. either for sale
or rent. We have an offlce right, on the
ground to facilitate buslne*». Open every day
In the year. H st. and Seventh ave.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
VAN NESS AVENUE CORNER.
6£xl25; a corner In the most desirable prsr-
! tlon of Van Ness ave.; in one or two lots.
STEINER-ST. FLATS. -^
$2500—21:6x100; Stelner, near Union; 3 m6d-
ern flats, renting for $90 p«r month.
BRODERICK-ST. HOME.
ChOCO — ;7:<5xU2: wril constructed house of 3
rooms: raodtrn plumbing; renting for $05 per
i month.
' FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
[ $10,000— 50xS0: Folsom Bt.. near 5th; tm-
! provem-.-r.ts consist of 2 stores and 4 flate, rent-
j ing for $112 per month.
\<: '¦ -'.LARGE MARKET-ST. LOT.
$27.800— 113 fe«t on Market by 127 on
Church; adapted for either stores- or flats.
I • PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER LOT.
; $4000— 8t: lxS0:10; corner Sacramento and
I Chtrry; «;>lend!d location for home.- °
' NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$26.C'O0 — A comer on dough 'st., in Pacific I
Heights ilistrlct: 6 new flats, renting for
I $202 50 per month. , ' -? ¦
\ JONES-ST. DAT-WINDOW FLATS.
$!l.fKX>— 40xl37:«: Jones St., near Greenwich;
' 4 modern fl&ts, renting for $S7 50.
i CAL1FORNIA-6T. COTTAGE.
! $5000—25x137:6; rent $32 50; cottage of C
j rooms and bath; select neighborhood.
' iiOARDMAN-PLACE INVESTMENT.
$3750— Uoardrr.an place, near Bryant st. ; lni- j
provements consist of 3 flats and stable, rent-
! Ing for $t2 per month.
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOT.
1 $1450 — 25x1.17:0; an unsurpassed line of lots
; on either Clayton or Carl et». ; only a few more
; left In this block; cars pass property.
WEBSTER-ST. HOME.
$6CC0 — Webster, near Jackson; substantially
constructed house of 7 rooms and bath.
McAFEE BROTHERS. ]
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
; 10*> Montgomery st.
Phone Main 78.
$4.5CO— Corner near Golden Gate Park; com-
". mands flne view; 3 frontages; size 61x
1 100; a splendid lot for " residences.
1 ' $000— Lots en Point Lobos; fine, marina
j view; easy terms.
I $1,000 — Lot p.unny side of Jackson st.; Pro- ¦
i «idlo Heights: uninterrupted marina
I view; 25x127:314: old Improvements;
j mofit he sold: tnake offer.
> $2,Stf> — Corner lot; 6th ave. and Hugo St.; 35x
05; bltumtnlzod street work; i;an.e lota
brought. 5'!C2. r i at auction last week. :
$8,500 — Two modern flats, 6 and 7 rooms; Clay ;
•rt., near Bak«r; lot 25x127 :s«i feet;
rents ?70. ? • ,
$4,330 — Panhandle cottage, 7 rooms; lot 25x£0 ,
feet ; modern.
$7 COO — M!e«!on rei<Ider.co, 12 rooms; near
Guerrero st.. bet. 19tb and 2Ctb; lot (iOx
114 feet; rents $40.
$3O.CO0 — Fine marine view residence; Vallejo
¦'.., near Octavla; lot 74:3x137:4 feet; %•
story residence of 16 rooms, elegantly
furnished In natural woods; grounds in
Ane order; unobstructed marine view.
, $3,250 — Lot on Green st., near Octavla; slzs
29:8x137:6 feet. s
$1,500 — Lot on Sixth ave., near Presidio wall, -
aize 25x120 feet.
$3,200 — Two cheap lots In Presidio Heights
Laurel st., near Sacramento.
Send for list of cheap lots In all parts of the
city.
Go to Wlllard and Frederick sta., 1 block
west of Stanyan, and Bee 1 the new flats just
completed; agfcnt will be on hand from 12 m.
to S p. to.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
HAWKS tt SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Chance Taken of
Property.
$13,500 — Fine house; Leavenwortb. near Clay;
0 rooms and bath; laundry in basement;
building in flrst-claes condition; view of
Golden Gate from rear.
$12,500^ — 3 new flats, near Halzht and Ash-
bury: modern every way; C, 7. 7 rooms;
mortgage of $(1000 can remain, 0 per ct.
$7,350 — Marine view lot; Hyde St.. near
Chestnut; ,'Mi:SxllO; very flne view as-
¦ cured; new > building each side of Jt; on
Hyde-st. car line.
$7,000 — Octavla bt., near Broadway:' good
house of 7 rooms and batb; flne view of
bay from front snd rear; . bare lot is
worth the price; 25x137; make offer.
$5,700 — NW. cor. Douglass and 2Sth sts. : a
.• (rood lnve«tment; 23 lots for only $250
each.
$4,500— For 7 lot*: Vermont, near 25th st.;
good olece to improve and sell.
HAWKS tt SKELTON. S23 Montgomery st.
E. H. LANGE ft CO..
28 Montgomery st., room 23.
$12,E5O— Haight st.,- near Masonic ave. ; 3- new
flats. 0-7-7 rooms; lot 25x137:6; -rent $120
p%r month.
$11,000— Cole «t., near. Waller; 3 new flats, 6-6-6
rocms each; 'lot 27:tixlOO; rent $00.
I ; . — —
A FEW CHOICE CORNERS.
"$5,2uO— Southeast comer Shrader and Grove'
sts.; lot 27:6x110.
$4,500— Northeast corner Sunyark and Parnas-
hun ave.; lot ii.VxlOO. f^BaffV^SfVtBt
$6,000— Southeast corner I Shrader and Carl
- . ets.; lot 50x100. .
$5,250 — Southeast corner Cole and Waller sts. ;
lot 33:S>xO5; bargain. .
< $5,350 — Northeast corner Belvedere and Wal-
ler sts.: lot 25@100.
$2,200—^Unyan St., between Frederick' and
Carl; 8 choice building lots, 23x125. ¦
E. H. LANGE & CO., • .
-, " 26 Montgomery St., room 23.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.;
205 , Montgomery St.. opp. Mills bldg.
, ¦':¦'. : BARGAINS IN : REAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure, Probate and Forced. Sates of All
Kindt will be Found In Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS' GUIDE. "
An. illustrated monthly catalog-ue. containing
a carefully relected list of . cheapest properties
offered on the market In ev«ry ¦ location. i>end'
u« your aJdress and we will mall you. one." -
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO., ..
• ; 203 Montgomery Bt-, opp.. • Mills • bldg.
INCOME property; south of Market and ChinT-
tewn: ho»n»'N Richmond. ' t?nnB*t. Mission d's- •
'•¦ trUt«: prlnt'tl I'st city and country property;
rxcliong<s. \V. J, U'hlte, 1*0 Montgomery, r. 5.
RKvVL KSTAT1C— -riTV— FOR SALU. ,
EAS5TON, /ELDRIDGE &VcaT • !
(S)8 MARKET ST.
AUCTION .
AUCTION
TUESDAY ...... :* L *. C T!f. N .. MAT 10. ~ 1004 j
At our RAie:<rooms «t 12 o'clock nodn.
DOWNTOWN CORNER.- -'
_\°J"tl! eailt corner of Pine ami Jon6s St.; lot'
43xS2:tl: Nos. U98 : Pine and 1004- Jones st.; |
Improvements consist of 'large frame building I
containing 22 room*, including furniture, etc.,
leased for 5 years* at a 'monthly rental of $-'10: ,
also, a substantial • residence containing 111
rooms and bath rentlns for $50 per month. 1
leased for one year. This . property will be
sold to close an estate; price will be subject
to the conflrmation of the Probate Court.
' •• MASON-STREET INVESTMENT.
ao. 608 Mason st., 82 feet north of Post.:
improvements consist of 2-story dwelling, con-
sisting of 7 rooms and bath and r«ntlng for
550 p*r> month; water payable by tenant;!
mortgage of $;<000 at 6 per cent; could obtain
J times this amount. • This property is partlc- I
. r L y valuable, beln« immediately adjacent j
to the corner. - • • . j
; : '^- BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
=.E. corner of Pase and Lyon>st«.: lot 35x
jw reet; Improvements -consist of a modern
3-«tory bulldlnB. consisting of 2 spacious
stores and 2 modern flat* containing 8-& room*,
porcelain - baths, flnished attic, etc.; p«rma- I
nent 'y r/pt^ for $180- per. month.-
SEVENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 3l«-31«y. Seventh st.. SE. of
tjTJisom «.: Improvementa conslet of 2 very
nne nuts of 3-4 rooinr; rent $30 per month;
office ' '" ClOSC pl0 ? lmlt y * to the new Post-
_ DOWN-TOWN BUILDING LOT.
1 ? o- J«a of FuJton Bt - 150 w ««t of larkin: I
lot 2uxl20 feet.throuKh to Aeli ave.; this Is an 1
exceptionally desirable «tte. being absolutely i
level and In the bus»lncss vicinity. It would
T.\. a P" rt » cu larly choice location for the erec-
tion of ntore3 and flat?, being only one-quar-
ter of a block from the New City Hall; mort- J
gage of $.J5(K) can remain I
v .«,, MISSION COTTAGE.
r^o. 4M3 19th st.. near Hartford; a new
modern cottage containing 5 rooms, porcelain
bath, patent, flush toilet, open plumbing.
t MISSION BUILDING LOT.
. ton the w<?st line of Chenery st., 175
feet N. of Randall: lot 25x125 feet. .
MISSION CORNER. '
S.E. corner cf lath and Sanchez sts.: ex-
tremely^ large lots, 57xlC5 feet: stores and
nats erected on this property could be made
to pay handK.moly.
• .. MISSION FLATS. .:'
Nos. R4-UG Sycamore ave., bet. 17th snd 18th
sts.. east of Valencia; lot 26x100; Improve-
ments consist of 2 very flne flats of 4-5 rooms
each; rents *.1o Pfr month.
DOWN-TOWN COTTAGE.
Northerly line of Valparaiso st., feet
east .of -Taylor; lot 2-3s<>0; Improvement con-
fist of a cottage or 6 rooms, renting for $15
per month.
> TEHAMA-STRKET FLATS.
No. 440-42 Tehama St.. west of Dth St.; Im-
provements two very rtne flats of 5-tf rooms and
bath, renting for $15 per month. This. Is a
safe Investment and should be taken advan-
tage of. For further particulars, apply to
HASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
.. ' 633 MARKET ST.
. EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALK.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
RENO,
NEVADA.
ALONG THE BANKS OF THE TRUCKEE I
RIVER
AND
SIERRA NEVADA MOUNTAINS.
WE WILL SELL TOWN LOTS AT
SPARKS :... (EAST RENO)
¦' .' K" $0 W ..- $3 55
ROUND TRIP TICKETS.
F1RST-CX.ASS PULLMAN TRAIX
, Will, leave Market-st. ferry Friday.
May 20. at S. o'clock p. m.. arriving
In Heno at 8 o'clock Saturday morning.
AUCTION SALE TO TAKE PLACE
same day on the- property to b« sold,
where an elaborate collatlcn will be
served, returning by daylight Sunday.
. Tickets will be good to and including
Monday. May 23.
Double berths $1 each way.
Special reduced round trip tickets from
Intermediate points. For further par-
ticular* apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
- ¦ ' 638 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
«?S MARKET STREET
$11,000— 4 -story attlcr and apartment house, |
containing 2*J separate apartments of 2-
3-4 rocme; separate beth and toilet In !
each apartment: brand new; surety bond '
lease for 10 year*: annual rental $4S0O !
for the flrs>t five years and $5400 the |
following live years: tenant pays for;
all repairs,' water bills, etc. 1
$10,000— 3 n«w flats; McAlllster-st. corner; lot :
37:6x100 feet; flats contain 7 rooms and
porcelain bath each. - . -¦ -
$16,750— Howard St.. near 4th; good business
Investment, consisting of a 4-story bulld-
ine containing store with 4 rooms In .
rear and lodging houEe of 21 roomn and
bath; rents for $125 per month; $9000 i
mortgage can remain. •
$16,500 — « absolutely new flats, 4-5 rooms each;
rent $145 per month; mortgage $7500.
$15,000— Business corner on Kearny st. ; gro-
cery, bar and basement and 2 flats; rent
$140 per menth; mortgage of 16000 can 1
remain. This I* absolutely the greatest j
sacrifice ever known.
$13,0C0— Oak Bt., near Ashbury: lot 50x137:0 ;
tff-t; rents $00; 2 modern 2-story houses ,
of s rooms and bath each. '•
$10,500 — Geary St.. close to Van Nets ave.; .15 i
foct frontage by 137:6 feet in depth; !
Improvements etrlctly first-class; 2-story
dwelling; rent $7S per month.
$7,0C0 — Business corner on 17th St.; rent ?C0
per month. . I
$6750— Six modfern flats. 4 rooms each; sepa-
rate entrance*, brick foundation*; first-
class condltionr rent $71 50 per month;
mortgage $;hxio. t
$6,5CO— 2 fiat*, on ISth-st. corner; 5-tJ rooms
and bath; rent ?50 per month.
$6,000— Double house of 6 flats. 3-3-4-4 rooms;
Al foundation; tlutu rented for Jtia ptr
month; mortgage at 0 per cent can re-
main; Tehama 8t.. near Fourth.
. $0,500 — Sutter et.; cottage with stable; eunrvy '
and In flrvt-class condition.
$G,OC0 — 19th St.; - very pretty flats. 0-7 rooms
and bath caoh: rent J53 p?r month. '
$6,000—3 Mission flats, 4-1-5 rooms and bath; ,
new modern tiiumb'.nu; buiidln? in «-x- j
cellent condition; bitumlnlzed street;'
excellent neighborhood; rent $53 . per i
¦ . .' ' month. Could be Increased 20 per cent.
$4,500 — Stockton «t'.. near California; 30 foot!
. frontage through to rear street; owner
lias plans for a building costing 1 $16,000,
which would rent for S'JOO per month. j
$3,5C0 — 4 flats; separate Cellar for each; 4-4-
4-5 rooms; rent $.".0 per month; small;
street near Montgomery ave, and Green-
wich st. ;
f $3,200 — Union at., near Kearny; 2 flats, 4-5 1
. rooms: Rood foundation and nice cellar; \
' rent $2* p«?r month. » .
-: . ', EASTON. ELDRIDGE tt CO..
C3S Market street.
COMPULSORY PARTITION SALH.
I ; Grand marine view lots, $1220 and upward. '
I on Green. Baker and Union sts. <
. One-third less than adjoining lots are selling
for. Lots are selling fast. '-•'-.'
Streets sewered and all lots on the grade.
Rljht on car line and In Improving neigh-
borhood. .
¦ Peremptory offering. Easy terms If desired.
O. H. FERGUSON,
'.400; California st. Tel. Exchange 4C9.
•'¦¦'- ¦ " ' . n
' 11.23 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots !n the
Excelsior 'Homestead Tract: all level; no
grading to do; ready to build your little bom*
oa; clo*a to eS'ctric rar* and school.
W. J. WHITE.
'28 Montromery- St.. room 5. .
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market at.
;¦¦ $8500— Modern residence of S rooms; nlcelv
arranged: high- basement: ¦ key lot. ' opposite '
square; flne view; bargain. "•
$6700 — 0 flats: 4 .- rpnms each: mortgape of
$1m:o may remain; will- pay 28 per c|nt on ',
Investment: mod location: barKaln. '• '. •
$12.000 — NW; cor. ' Francisco st. : three •' 2- i
rtory houses and dwelling; pays 0'^ per cent
net. ' : '..
I $5 PER MONTH.
; ¦ Investigate th« city of Richmond, where the
i Standard Oil Company,, Santa Fe Railroad
Company. Southern • Pacific Railroad Company
and numerous manufacturing- plants: are at
work. I^)tfi are sure to increase In value. All
level. M«ps free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crocker Building. 3. F.
FOR sale— 3 comfortable cottases. 5 rooms each,
bath good plumbing: lot 25x100. 1407, 1415
and 1417 Kansas st. L. C. CULL, Twenty-
| .- fourth'atrect anrt Potrero ave. . : . t x>
( FOR * sale, ¦ cheap, neat cottage 4 rooms and
bath, lar^e o«i.sement; terms same as rent.
I Apply owners lumber yard southeast corner
I Alabama and Montcalm sts. .
I , ¦— :
FORsal* cheap; park lot on -Frederick st.. 80
ft, E. of Wlllard.. Apply to L.-E. DABOLD,
owner.i 318 Sixth St..^Oakland. Cal. ¦ . .
$280O—.RENT ;' $.104 o flats: 4 rooms each; on
-Vallejo st.. near Leavenworth.' Inquire 1128
Vallejo il;-v,- .-¦"•- ¦-¦.. '.; ¦¦ ¦ .:. .. - '
BARGAIN— Cottafift.,5 rooms, oath and pantry:
I corner. loj.~ 50x1 00, at Qceart'VUw. Apply 41
I Crescent ¦ ave, *. or phone Capp 1 StTJ. :. • •->-: ,
FOR." sale— 7 ,to 0 room hwases on Sixth ave.;
.-. bet." Luke and California" stx.;- Eddy-st. cars
-'pasathe door.'y. 3:\ B.'i GLUNZ. -'builder.;- : ; '
$1)500— COriNKft In -TnT^Mlsslon : rent $M ' p»r
- v month. McKWEN HnoS.. 118 Maul gome ry «t.
:f2911 -:'?5-:tT" 1 ' IKHCE J s't!«-LoT*Sto(Tl2:(t: will" sell
j -. for casii. ,AJUrts» UixlSCO,; Call: of flee; .;.- -,
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION .
Of investment. r««ide»ce and ?unimprovea
propmieii will be held at our sslesroom. r»
Montgomery et.. MONDAY. May 0. at 12
o'clock noon.
JULIA LEAHT ESTATE.
Executor Sale. . '
The three following properties must be moia
tj clo»e the tbove estate, subject to conflrma-
tion by the Superior Court.
S.E. cor. of Wsiler and' Ashbury sts.; choice
building lot. 3T>xl0tS:3.
2303 De.lsadero St.. ' west line, bet. "Wash-
ington snd Jackson: cottage of -jl rooms sn«l
bath; rent $22 50; lot 29:THxl3i:6. .
A 1*0 four choice building lota sdjolnlng,
2.1x137:0 each:
No. 3.
Lot 25. In block 0 Mission and SOtto sts.;
extension Homestead Union.
JONES-STREET, FLATS. •
1424-6-8 Jones st.. east line, near Washing-
ton st.. 3 substantially built flats of 8 room*
and bath each, rent $127 £0 psr month, lot
"*' NOBTH END INVESTMENT.
132D-37 Mason St.. bet. Broadway and > al-
lejo si.; improvements consist of a good cricK
building, containing 34 rooms, arranged Into
7 tenements: rented low at $85 per month;
portion of lot In rear can still b« built upon.
Back mortgage of »6750 at C per cent can
! remain; lot 43:9x100.
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE.
! 2334 Howard st-, west line. bet. 18th and
I 20th tts.* very de.irable bay» window residence
i of 10 rooms and bath, with stable In rear;
: also large garden and U*n; lot 61:flxl22:6.
MISSION RESIDENCE. .
37M> 17th St.. north lint, near Sanchez st.:
! a well-built residence of 10 rooms and bath,
garden and lawn; bank mortgage of $4000 at
ti per cent can remain: lot 50x135. irreg.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
S.E. cor Of 2fhh and Church ets.; substan-
tial Improvements consist of store with j
! 4 rooms, including bake o\rn: also flat of 7 ;
I rooms and bath above; rented low at $57 50
! p«r month: lot 27xSO.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
16-16H Washington ave. and 9-9li Grand
ave., near 9th and Mission sts.; Improvements
contUt of 4 flats of 4-5-0 rooms and bath each:
rented low at $ti9 per month; lot 23x113; 2
frontages.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOTS.
Webster St., uest line, btt. Oak and Fell
st*.; 2 desirable building lots. 25x100 each.
GIFT MAP LOTS.
Chapultepec *t., east line.- north of Esmer-
alda et.. and Elsie st.. west line, north of
Eemerslda St.; belne lots 367-8 of Gift map
No. 3. . <T
Ffer catalogue and further particulars ap-
ply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
"'*..¦" .20 Montgomery. street,
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.. city.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$70,001) — Business corner on Post St., close in;
large lot; 3 frontages; substantial mod-
ern building tn stores and. hotel: a bar-
gain.
$45.000— Rents $4020 per annum: apartment
house in the best renting neighborhood;
very light and sunny; nearly of 60-
vara.
$32,C00 — Valeneia-st. busineis property: cne of
the best blocks; rents $2400 ner annum;
lot 7&x$7:tt; 4 stores and 4 flats. .
*i:,600 — Unobstructed marine view; rents $930
per annum; 37:3x137:6; Pacific Height*;
elegant residence, of 10 rooms and bath.
fl2.&00 — Rents $1320 per annum; Ashbury {
Heights; 2 elegant new modern flats of
6 rooms and bath each; 23x125.
$12,300 — Rents $1140 per annum; near th« CUy
Hsll; J fiats and cottage; lot 25x120; 2
frontages. . /.
$10,000 — Rent* $900 per annum; 2 elegant mod-
ern flats of 7-6 rooms and bath . each;
Ta:. lor st.
Jv.t* <.• — Mortgage of $5000 can remain; rents
$720 per annum; Ellis st. ; 2 nice bay-
window ruts of 7-6 roomi and bath eacn;
25x120; 2 frontages. . j
$7.5<O— lltTits $fi00 p*r annum, which is low; i
22d St.; 2-etory house of 8 rooms each; j
a <]6sirz.bl* holding; lut 70 tttt front. :
|7,f>0<>— Kit tent Western Addition residence of j
9 rooms and bath, etc.; Fulton j
str*.fct. '
$5,000 — Rente $5iS per annum: Shotwell *t. ; 1
3 baj -window flats of 5-4-t! rocms and |
t-atb each: lot 25x127:6. ;
$4,75o— Kent* $07« per annum; near 5th and |
Folsom sts-.; 4 iWirabl- flats of 3 rooms j
each; in perfect order and steadily rent-
ed; lot 25xH0; bank mortgage of ?2i.v»:
will pey nu per cent on equity of *^.Vnj. j
$4,500 — BartKU »t. ; a desirable 2-ttory rest- !
dence of S rooms and bath; In good or- .
fieri large garden and lawn; a Stable in J
rear; lot 32x117:0; b&nk mortgage tZo'.v ¦¦
can r«::i<in.
$4,000 — Rents $420 per annum; near Cfh and
Fcleom sts.; store and 2 flats; V.'>x7&. j
$J,000 — Make offer; Mission warm belt; deslr- I
able bay-window cottage of 9 rooms and i
bath and lot 1*7x114. - j
$2,250 — iath»t.; cciy cottage of 4 rooms;'
street bitumlnlzed; lot 23xM); a bargain.
$2,100— Rents $2S£ per annum; close to 8th and
Howard »t*.; i Huts o! J-l roums and i
bath: a »nej>. I
$1,200— Alpine rt., west line, 301:6 feet north!
of 14th; 25x00. ;
For further particulars of the above and 'for
the Rtal Estate Rt-cord. containing a list of !
properties for sale in all parts of the city. In-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomtry Et.,
Real Estate Agent* and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots, close to Du-
Ikm* 1'i.rk; bitumlnlzed etreeis; lots level and j
ready to build on; a rare • hivnc- to obtain
a holding, admirably situated and close to
the city, at a very reasonable price; diagram,
price and all furtfier particuiais al our uifice. j
G. H. UMBSEN tt CO.. ¦
20 Montgomery St., j
Real Estate Ag*Qts and Auctioneers \
- ,
CALIFORNIA !
TITLE INSURANCE ANU TRUST CO.,
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS UUAKTER8 IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.' |
THE OWNER OF PROPERTY Insures his I
hoiige apsinit Ices by tire, and a failure to do
so would ccmpromloe his wisdom in the eyes
of all prudent burinexs^men.
SHOULD THE TITLE to his lot prove
worthless, after his bulldlror was erected and
he not Insured by the CALIFORNIA TITLE
INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY, he
would be exposed to the loss of both land and
buildings, a misfortune much greater in. etfpe ,
thivi that arising from fire. .»
THIS IS THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO
TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY having a
' complete locality plant or copy of the real es-
, tate reccrd*. constructed especially for insuring
; real estate titles like modern plants of New
' York. Boston, Chicago and Eastern cttle*: rea-
: conable rates; all matters controlled and man-
aged ty the following •
DirtECTORS AND TKU8TEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R, BISHOP.
Vice Prei. Bank or California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
x Manager Anglo-Callfornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney 4b Olney, Att'vs and Counselors.
CHARLE8 PAGE.
Pase. McCutchen & Knight. Att'ys.
A. T. SPOTTB,
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
• Capitalist. 530 California st.
R. D. CRANSTON tt SONS.
114 Montgomery Street 114
$i2,0CO— Rent $110; three fine new circular bay-
window; beam ceilings; east side street,
between electric and cable cam.
$4,000 — Beautiful cottage jim completed; 3
rooms and bath; north side of 18th St.,
west of Dlaraond: open Sunday, 12 to 4.
$3,500 — Make ofltr; excellent corner for 6 flats;
on Ellis St.. near Flllmore; 50- foot front-
age. • . ' - '
$S,000 — Two handsome flats. 8 and 7 rooms; 2
years old; lot 25x137:8.
$4,000 — One of the few remaining NE. cor-
ners in the Panhandle; 27:0x100; owner
anxieus-to sell.
"$10,600 — Rents $142; 6 flats, almost new; lot
40x100.
$10,250 — Rents $100; 3 aunny 6-room flats on
Webster st. -. , . .
$7.250— Well rented; 2 new stylish flats; north
side of ktreet; one blocx from and back-
Ing Market Bt.; key lot. 25x105 feet.
$17,500 — PACIFIC ave.; choice modern resi-
dence or 12 rooms and 3 baths; finished
btscment with storerooms, laundry and
servants' rooms; all In perfect order; lot '¦
, 31:Cxl2?:Stt. '
For permit to laspect and further particulars
apply to ;
O.' H. UMDSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
1'KESIDIO Heights bargains— Only $2300 each
for a quick Hale; two ' elegant lots. 25x
l"7>!i each, on nouth side of Jackson si..
Let. £:>n*ct and Maple; fine view and very
j cheap. • ¦ ¦ , ¦¦.»,.-
; %3~t*t— Flirt ave. and Clay «t. ; elegant large
: E. corner. 'Jh:4xlo2; utreet ItJO ,tv*t wld« and
iw.M-:i.:dl ii'j other corner 11 cheap; very , d«-
j sifab!*' and improving.
$75iki — Webster »i.. near WatthlnRton: tlire*.
et«,ry bay. window re»l<lrru« of 14 Utk« rooms,
two Uathr. lour tulletr., Ktatlonary »«»h-
»t»nd(. «lecttlu belle, etc. 1 location. very ue«li>
feble. ¦ x ¦ . " .- •..'¦.. ,
ROBERT J^JIERCKK & SON, 412 l>ln« si.
. .FOR Pnle—fSSO**; a f»n<» {t-room residence with
b*autlful Kvrdtn with tent. In tht \vV»t*rn
i.Addtion. Apply ?f 22 P1n» Rt..- bclwacn L*-'
' t:i:i)<i iitul Uui Jiur.un ; i.u l gi nia.
I heu, KSTAT J[^ c ?J^~ F i]!5^Ji^i i J5:
SHAINWALD. Bl^KBgB^OOv^^
• $«.C0O— Howard-at. fiaU: -' blocka fr.nn new
i poetosnccf; rentii fi>l 50 per ti>oru>.
I *«j,cOO — lvst st.. n«j»r l^iuna: lino r^sidenc*
of » roomw an<i ba.b: l-A 'Si -.tixliil :» f-.t.
; $7,200— Haker »t.. ne^r Jack«un: J el-gaat
i JUt»: rents $i7 o0 per ni-JCth; lot lox
. im ten.
I^.CCO— L'nion-st corner, near pevlsadero:
element marine view; let It.:
, must us st-Itl.
1 $7,250 — K11U <«t., n-:ar IJuc-hanan: 2 nne l>ay-
WlnJoW fia's. 6-7 ror.nm and bath; rents
: $«: lot H. iror.t. -
S1(5,CCO— L'r>&.it-«t. cor. n»ar Third: s»tre ana
flat i,fcove: rents -fat; lot 60x73 feet.
I2I.5CC — Post St.. :isar l.oav*-:rvorth: n:i« 3UO-
stantMl Improv-mentJi: renta $!••.>: '^'"f*
l X -¦ lot ZU Met Iront: fautlillnc *rvKU\ l»
j ral^d Mr.iJ stores put uutier: would pay
I Sl^CCO— McAllister st.: 3 new flits; pay 10
per rent: <• ' roonu and buth each; mi
I M> feet. -
! $11 CCO— Jack^on-st. rvsMcnc;.* of 11 rooms ana
bith: mwlern in **ery »uy; lut -'.>x
!*21 25O-^J^ < -ksoti-i > t. remer. Ptraldlo Heights:
: el»-t;cnt vh]<Utti r?sl«;pr?ce of II rjom». -
ba»h.-«- flr-t Kt<r. library. '^M' p-rlora.
•lininit-if^n!. t.-^rr«»(l retllr.c. p_in -1^1
cak hantw^ft r-mrM. »t.-.; 4 bfdrooma
nn.i'2 bediuoma In attic; lot 37:tJxl-7:bU
f'»t: grand rrurine view.
! $3.7:<>-Clay rt.. ne«r WVbster: residence of 9
I tiotr.n ana t.jtl.: lot ;SxltK:4>, teet: lot
H sltuat» en corti'r or a public aliej .
' , light ar.d sun on three B ' rt "; ,_ if ,
i $-;,2ic nth- Flltert St.. Kat H.?ctt: masriin-
crnt marine ri»w; l«t-« i7:rfxl... :t» i*et
«a< h. and turner .'>j.tl'»7 :ti feet.
$1 1 >,SCC—Hyde sC near Gutter: fins /«> d r nc9
or 10 rocnid and batn; renta for $jO a
M7.CC0— Seco'nd-5t. corner, near Harrison: 70x
03 fe«t; tin* site for ractory or ware-
house purpo»«-s.
Get a copy of cur rrint^l list of properties
¦ for sale.
SH.U.VWALP. BUCKBfiB £ CO..
Heal K'tafe A cents.
'.'lS-^O Montgcm'ry st.
.' HSAl, KK'iA'l>. Cwoiitrr— **o* **'•-
~ w~jTTvhite.
CHICKEN liANCHES GVERYWHERE.
EaCdlAKOXS. _
FULL CHAP.GK TAKEN OK PUOPERTY.
%V£.»vw — Splendid »tai:it ranch and general
t farm, 2«s00 acres; 4 mi>a iro:n Courthouse.
I Mendocino County: -WJ acres tillable; 2 com-
J plete s«ts of f«irm buildings; w-il supplied will*
i writer and an abttndaMI of li'.e oak timber;
' ttere are several pafa'lHl suitable for aJlalfa.
' $SOUW — Only 8J4 inil»-a of Geyssrvllle, the G«in
! oi Sonoma County; U inlle good sch.x>»; rural
| malt delivery; So acres; :1O acrei rich bottom
I lai;d; 3 acres orchard: 15 acres vineyara, ail
¦ bearlns; 5 acres alfalta; well fenced and crj--*
fenced; o-room house. - gocd barns, nice spring;
have other bargains in this superb nection.
$3oOU— Mile and a half of St. Ile'.ona; ltw>
a-rea, 3D und».r cultivation, tS acres bearins
«.n hard 5 acres vineyard; weter plpet! Ij
! buildingsi: flne U-story reiidenre. stable, bar'u.
tarriage-hcusc: cn<-« refused $U.0Ul caah.
Scuo— Only 1 rr.ilo of town; SO acres: house,
trees, vlnej. berries; 15 acres bottom land;
piattr and quartz gold; 2 gar-Jen patches, out-
side rarge. too!3. turniture; forced sale.
L. siooi>— Near Merced City, on main road; 40
acxes rich land; 3 acres bearing olives. 10 *cr#3
alialfa. 3}j acrea bearlns orchard; 2 welli: ail
under ditch; rlne cottage, i roomi; steel wind-
mill and tank,' good barn, toolhouse. granary.
pcultry rousts, Incubator houses: nice income ;
cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LASW.
Rich black land, near Stuckton, subdivided
in small tracu at $0o per acre; one- third of
crop with place.
Adjoining tho town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
I %V2X> to SltM> uer acre.
i $10 per acre; ll) acres up; under ditch; 4^j
miles from Lodl, on main county road; al*o
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low tut $40 an
GOOD PROPEF.TY WANTED.
I have several parties with good Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodglng-hoU3e«s; many cash buyer j; list yuur
property.
JUjOo — 60 acre*; 5 miles frcm Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
J some steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; good 7-ruoin h- >.:.-*, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; *5CM ¦! >-.-. a and baiaa^o
monthly payments ii deslrod.
JlU.uvO — In roncnia County; S00 acres well
fenced in .". fields; houne; ;: large barns; dairy-
house; well watered: 2uO acres tillable ; all
level: 24 acres »-y ear-old orchard; 3»> head cat-
tle; 20 hoss: farming tmi>Iements<. fts.; *..'¦>••>
mortgage; trade for bay property.
J325O — 20 acres sandy loam, only 2*4 miles
of Petaluma; hou**.5 rcum^ and batti;part cash.
$5000 — Best ranch in Southern Orison: J^u
acres; 2 nets good hnpnvcjuatrta] well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming toils: outside rar.^e.
54500 — 30 seres clo»e to Morgan Hill. Sant*
Cljri County; 1X» acres bearing orcr.ard mad
| vineyard, l'J acres hill pasture; nice hard
; finished cottazo of 5 rooms; eutbuiMinjss; fine
¦ income; would trads for Income city property.
$1100— -Only 6 miles from Courthouse; so
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbailUinsa;
part caa'a: ntar Red Bluff.
$17,000 — Finest ranch In Kan J.-Mujutn County.
between Ftockton and L»«li: wa.t«r near sur-
face: good houstj. outbuildings, barn, corrals;
¦ISO ocre» rich land. 1 mile of Ca!ave:si River,
on main road; mortgage $0»KX»: would traut- for
first-class property near city.
?45tK) — Near Newcastle; 2X acres; oranges,
cherries, peaches, lemons, plums and applet;
• mall but nice Louse; only ?150<Vi1own; have,
barralnj In this vicinity from $1000 up.
72230 — 10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
meiictntr to bear: 0 miles from San Jose; lovely
I home: half cash.
<!170o — in Sonoma City: 3H acres: all level:
good house, barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13
pcultry houses and yards: some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 500 chickens: feedhouse.
$2500 — Onl7 2 mil's from San Jose; 4 acres;
2*i acres bearlns orchard: hard flnished cot-
tase. 5 rooms: stable, windmill and tank:
Cheap.
£3500 — 1-30 acres east of San Jose, 12S acres
in hay: sood soil.
S«nd starrr> for printed list.
W. J WHITE. 2*» Montgomery St.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTT.
Full charge taken of property.
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIAliTT.
California, Nevada. Arizona. Mexico stock
ranches for their value for graslng — vast tract*
suitable for subdivision And colonization. Val-
uable not alone for grazing, but for timber, ag-
riculture, oil. mineral* or town sites. W» have.
many tracts where frost never occurs. Ws>
have many valuable pasture lands where grass
cattle are fat In April, when beef commands
the highest price.
We have business property that will pay 9
per cent net on cost for five or tea years* lease.
We have residences, up to date, in the land of
the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit and flowers.
We have many beautiful orchard homes ta
the famed Santa Clara Valley, near tha Oardaa
City of California. Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches.
We can offer a Mexican grant that will su>»
port 10,000 head of cattle tor only $30,000.
CHARLES W COE * CO..
Real Estate, Cattle and Loans,
73-79 Auzeraia Bldg.. San Jose, CaL
CAPITALISTS! ATTENTION.
Valuable Water and Mineral Rights
On the Feather Rlvar.
400 acres (more or less), known aa th#
Gold»n Gate ind Golden Feather claims; sit-
uated from one to three miles north of Oro-
I Mile. Butte County, Cal.. covering 2 miles of
• the I>'t;atJ er River and controlling all the
J water In said river: 10,000 horsepower could
be d»vtlo;>fd: $0000.
1 270 acres, known as the Mineral Slide prop-
[ erty: situated 4 miles southwest of the town
of Masa!i;i. Butte County: valuable timber
and water rights and rnlms ; $2000; photos and
full Infonnatinn upon application.
CHATFIEL1> A VINZENT.
228 Montgomery St.. S. F.
. GREAT bargain— Rich. Irrigate* farm*: 63*
ras3j; free wateT right: very cheap: easy
terms: home.ieeker's opportunity. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. CIS Mai^C «C
I HAVE for *a!e several fine farm?. 120 acres
and upward; pried from *-5 to x.i<» p*r acre;
all level, plenty of water and w_»J, *p!«:f]<d
climate, near two [>rt;pos->d ru&ti* And the
celebrated Eel Riv«r coal fl*ltia. l-'or further
particulars, address Ccx 2. Covela. VJeadoclno
County. Cal. '
"CALIFORNIA POULTRY FARM."
Four .miles . from Fresnw. '
5-aere tracts, only <130.
.<r.n rash, balance easy - terms.
SHEPHSRD-TEAGCi: CO.. Fresno. Cal.
1400 ACRES at ?t» CO per acre: only t»0 mile*
from fc'an FtancUco; to close up an estat*;
see owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD K£AT-
INCH. 108 Je»*lc St.. Sen Francisco.
ALFALFA larids. Htock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inxpretad barcaina: monthly cata-
Iogu«s sent tre«. CM. WOOSTKR CO.. «W
Market St.
ALWAYS it geed lUt of town ami country rc^t
estate; >vrit« m» for anyt!'lnc you want. J.
A. MtCOY; • I.o:« Gatcx. Cal.: H*al K-'.ate.
l-iii ;¦ and Injuranc*-. - *
"WILL s«ll on easy terma ami low price. 5-
( acre vlH* i"t «i M i'n <*ark; must »ell.
5 Ownf-r, 3C9 Hearst bolldiny.
' 52MX> — ONK cf Hie. best ' forty two arre farms
un Dows l«r*>lrle. A.ldre« W. T. BON-
' STE^ I< - E«r»kj. Cal.
SENT* ' for' cat.«losi!e "California' s C?iolc*»t
{ Acres." - .WILLIAM P. WHIOHT. Mountain
• View. Santa Clara County. Cal.
fO2H 3. SFBSCKEI^ Froprletor^^
1 "> '¦ i\l i: 7iwi^^lmmmin._ nnpr
% X l_ J-.MA RTiX L Buslne>s ManS-ger
fKS UOLL.UIS KEWAUD.
; '*>»IXffi yiim Cnli Offlov If Vou ailsa
i"i ' Your Pi»i»fr.
*f rrr any cause TSCB CALI. U not d»-
! r/— «a rerolarlT to BUto»crI"B«r« ule*««
W*1X up "CAX.1. EICKASOr- aad notify
: cbsctlptJca Clerk In c»arr«. Tow eoa-
; :..aiat vriil receive prompt attention.
A. ctaaClsr reward of Ten Dollar*
*<Sia.tO) is offered for tf arrert and
• c_. -idles cf any ost caurfct gtealinr
;. V. -X <*AX,Xm v
TELEPHONE. . .
Auk lor TJiE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
• nc<i Vou With the Department You UUtx.
rubli.atlcn Olfice Market and Third. S. F.
r Lattarial Kocat 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
l*.l!vtf»!j by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
t'U. I>r Month. Single Copies R Cts.
' Tejrnt by 31*11 IncluCIn* Pwtsse (Caeh With i
Order): A
DAILY <.A1.L Unclud. Sunday). 1 year w-£2
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos 4. CO |
IMIL.Y «ALI^-By Single Month <« •
!«O7yi>AT CALL, 1 Year.... 2.50;
W-LEKLY CALL. 1 tmt !•«> '
z~ ., f Dally... $S. SO Per Tear Extra.
roREICN J Sunday. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. I weekly. 1.00 IVr Year Extra
ALL POfcTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED i
"TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. j
£airj.le Copies will b« forwarded m-hen re- j
quested. >
Mali subscribers in ordering change of a3-
<*r»»s should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in proer to Injure a
prompt end cvrrect co— ipllancs with their re-
GUCSt.
OAKJLAND omCI :
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
Sl« Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS BTAXDS:
WaJdwi-Aetorta Hotel; A. Brentano. -1
- Vtilcn Squarr: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-sve-
cue Hctel and Ho3man House.
CHICAGO NEWS 8TA>'D8:
Shermaa House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hottl: Tremont House; Auflltorium
Hetel: Palmer Hose*.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Building
lLor.g Distance Telephone. -'Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEFHSS B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
Et-'StNESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third strms; open
until 12 e'eisck every night in the year. |
BRANCH OFFICES: !
IC* Market street, opposite Firth; open until
11 p. m.
S27 Mor.t— 3m«rj- street, corner Clav; open
urrtl! 9:30 p. m.
3*» H«y*s «re*t: open cr.til t»:SO p. tn.
*O McAl'.iftfr ureet; open until 0:30 p. m. I
«15 Larkin open until t»:30 p. m. •
1TV41 M+pslon frert; open until 10 p. m. !
22i:i Market street, corner Sixteenth; open :
untfl » p. m. I
!W Eleventh street; cj»n until 9 p. m. !
IOSk; Va:*nci« street: cpen until » p. m.
Nr.rt heart rorner Church and Duncan streets;
*>p*n until 9 p. m.
N'fTthwe»t «-r— nrr of Tw*r;ty-**cend and Kea-
turky Ptr«et»; n^trt urtll 9 p\ — t.
t S3U0 mtSMrc street ; open until 9 p. m.
TO SURSCTURERS LEAVIXG TOWX
roi: THE SUMMER.
CAX.Ii -ucsrribers ooste— aplatlar a j
rfceare eft rcsiaesce Aorta*? the summer !
•scrths can have toeir oaper forwarded
ct siail to their nev address by notify-
isc 7SZ CAX.Ii Soginest OSce. This
f-erer will also be on sale at all rammer [
reeorts &a a is represented py a local t
crest ia t:i tovme on the coast.
Ill A I. G&TATC CITY KOR SALE.
LYON * HOAG. 118 Montgomery st.
SrrMl r<"r «iur ;rt-.nted list of property for sale ;
m m'A -•••.,-.« «.f th»- <-lty.
HA.N'1«;XE NEW RESIDENCE.
STV .. <»n!j- — Beautiful home. Ju»t completed: j
<.n J''r«Hjtrick nt.. near Cole. 2 blocks vouth of
Uaia-ht; rcmain-.rj? 10 runny room*. 4 Cne ban- I
i-r<K. K!i?ii!-h entrance: Interior hsndvon- lely fln- !
i*n*d In «-l*<-ted woods; k»y lot. e*53rlng abun-
oari(> t-f lieht iP.J nun: ttreet work all done;
Hff.<T<-i!«h. «j»lenc»- monthly.
BICHMOND LOTS; GOING FXST.
aj3«> u> *»;<<c— liary terms; cheapest lots In ,
, tli^ i£khfrn.n«j List ri<t; Butro cuts i>a«K tb-s '
Wotk; fine level lots all ready to build on; ;
Z:~:.' vljvra. !
rfANDPOME NEW HOMES.
J775O to ?s(kX»— Duboee ave.. bet. Scott and '
¦iHvifafiro »t». ; within half a block of Duboee !
1'ark: th^y contain large reception halis. 4 ;
mn-i 0 uin.iy Uedioomr. flnest sanitary plumb- i
. In*-, tir^t f.-'-ir- are beaat:ful!y finished In se- !
lectcd »<»j(it; prttr entrances; hot air furnace; ;•
rruf»<l •.!••»; splendii neighborhood; terms.
t'jfXit ta^h. t*: ¦:.• ? mcnthlv installments; tak» l
lisOStit-«. tar to Fentt *t.. walk 2 blocks south
to Dtrfcoce ave.; houses optn for inspection
fc'uniay.
SOUTH MARKET INVESTMENT '¦
R»»-A big bargitn; 2 fl*t^ 4 and 6 rooms i
i«rJ b*th: 4 Rai*hed rooms in stllc; rented low !
at over ttOO: thin Ir a fln« renting section. i
MUST HE EOLD AT ONCE 1
S200C— Reduced to effect a quick eale. as
'o*ner 1* l«-a\-lr.g town; a coxy home of 4 rooms
• and bath, large B-foot basement, brick founda- j
Oon; fine garden; nice view; haady to Twenty-
'iourth-st. cars. ¦
VALENCIA-ET. CORNER. \
\ S30.0CO — Stores and Cats in splendid condi- j
tjon; p— -j-ent rents $17* per mchth; very low; •
lot over r^xiw; 23 fe«t unimproved; close in. I
WESTERN ADDITION FX.ATS. '
«775»— Baker ft., not far from California: 2
.ttne, substantial fiats cf 6 and 7 rooms and !
bath each, renting for $C5; lot over 25 feet 1
, front. " '•
COZY HOME IN MISSION*. !
•2760 — 2 -story bmiee cf 6 rooms and bath' '
, driveway and ctab'.e; everything in flrst-claes I
coadition; lot over 25 feet front; on Clipper :
et.; handy with cars: t»m is can be arranared.
FLATS INSIDE VAN NESS.
• $*WX» — 2 ftne fiat* on vunny clde or street- r*-
cenu'y remodeled and put in first-class condi-
tion; containir-4? 4 and S rcoms and bath- rent '
$l€K>: ttir «treet will eventually be business
property, so land Is bound to Increase in value.
' S400 TO S800 EACH. *»*ue.
GREAT BIG LOTS.
NONE LESS THAN 50x120.
EAST TERMS. w***t/.
Near the station In Mill Valley. Why buy a
•man lot in a poor neighborhood when you can
secure a fine large lot, same distance from your
mtsrk. sOTOundcd by desirable ntlghbors. splen- '
did climate, fine water, school*, etc.? Call or
: write for UltiFtratfd booklet priors etc
LYON &. HOAO. 115 Montgomery st.
KEADQUARTER8 FOR PARK LOT8!
$S00 to $1200— Easy Terms.
New '-Ocesxslde" Lots on Official Grade.
Fronting and Unobstructed View of p«rv
,*ad Ocean, i
Cboteeat ar.d cheapest home sites ever offered.
A'.l barssins! See them to-dayl
"Occansid*" branch office, cor. U street and
47th avenue.
Opes Sundays aad Holidays.
STS to «25O— Ntar Park and Ocean— S3 monthly.
KM tu »1000-CrM»lc««t Richmond lots— In
Oallments. r^ 7
' "\liti to $450— Level Exceltlor Hd. Lots.
Sl«*6 <o *yoo_Modern cottages in gurnet.
rtd-timooJ. Oc«»tislili. and Excelsior Horn,
ttetd. Eaey termat " Mwa »«-
EoAaet Branch Office on 8th ave.. near H at
SOL. GET^J & 6ON. Owners and Dealers.
Room Zl. fourth floor. Chronicle bldg.
**00 — HK. COR. 5Qth ave. and C sf 25xii8
f#*t: on* block frcm Golden Gate Park ¦
S»OCO— Hoin-«. « r. * b.; lot 30xl2O ft • 1 ctl b I
»'<•.. N. of Clement: bouse oo«t the monev i
«*»— N.E. cor. ISth live, and Fulton «t ;:'¦« !
siOCt; r.p|K»i!te Gol'>n Gate Park,''
12HJO— LerrU NW.. i-or. riHt-Clement; COxlOO '
$;r>Of!— SK. for. 22d and Clfm^nt; 44x100
A ' p^CCKER. r. 16. 8d floor. Mills Bid*.
• •ORNKK L'JT FOR SALE '— 51 x 100 ~
Korthrast ccrner Harrison and 12th; barn i
»t>Wc. rluti. olfice ttulldtnjj and vaiant lots'
e'l •7«< Jl'llEN f' MI -111. Ittal E*Ut* Agent'
42u Mcrlf t luery rt. •
'••oRNiin lot Fon Have.
1 r^' ¥ lh»»'^>i wmtr Castro and 25th; ."« x X0-
*t?tr.U. I'!.-*f» «*»• end makr offer — we will
Mil. .TI.IKK FAIITI1. rcr-ai Estate Agent. 420
Mi.iitf;«jfn»ry tt
t*&**> "• • HA ISO A 1 N : I .a y-irtTwSG w Troltaiee^ fc
fur*, tirth nr>d rii«>i bastment: .MxlH. 444
T«..'»^y-i"*v«Pih rl..nr.Kor; f.pply 0-:! «'rki<rV.. ¦
f.Vn^.'S r.T.V.* ri«««. ln*ld? Pn!k: rrnt $10SO
_; 1**;, iJxlU.". JSyx^iZifZ, C«U vfuii
RKA1. ESTATK--CJTY— -1FOII^«AJLB.
C. M. WOOSTEtt CO.. «0 Market St.
I $21,000—3 elegant new flats on Pltrce st^near
.McAllister; lot 37:0x130; rents $20.0.
$1*0.000—3 elegant new flats; up to date: rented
very low for $1900; one block from \ an
. -,Ne»a ave. and Ellis st.
$18,500—6 new modern flats; all rented ex-
tremely low for $1944; on a northeaat
corner. 2 blocks north of Market st.
There Is plenty of vacant space on. the
lots to bulU y additional flats; lot has
138 foot frontage.
$16,5C0— Rents $16SO; 3 elegant new modern
flat?. 7-8-8 rcoms and ba:h; complete
in all the latest details; on Van Ne*s
ave.; large lot. 30xlG3.
$15,500—3 new modern flats; well built, etc.:
renting very low for $1COS; lot 2S:0x
102:7ii.
$15,600— Lot 20x90; on Steuart St., bet. Market
and Mission sts.
$15.CC0— Bueh st., clcse to Taylor; 25x137:6.
$12.5C0— Hyde ft., near Sutter: residence. 10
rooms and bath; lot 25xS7:6.
$11,500— 3 new modern flats on CUyten it.
near llalglit; rents *l:iiX>; »et
$10.0C0— Always rented fcr $1200; 0 flats In en-
cel'ent condition; near Taylor and Pa-
cific; lot 7SXC0.
$S,CCO— 3 absolutely up-to-date new flats en
Cnpp *t.; r«nts $976; lot 25x113.
• PAYS $*40 NOW.
Should iifins; easily $1000 per annum.
K>y lot from Fourth atreet.
6 modern flat*: sood plumbing, brick founda-
tion, high basement, etc.; lot 24x«>:
north -side cf Natema 9t.: price $70CO:
m coat of pa!r;t would make this prop-
erty sell for $»CCO. .
$6.C0O--Must lw s"ld: make oiT»r: Brannan »t.,
nc»r «th; a 3-3tory building of 2 flats
an-1 resr hnui*«; rents low fcr $7-'t2.
This lot alone is worth the money;
25x110. .
_____
$4,200— Corner on DevisaSero *t.. near Union;
54:fot06:7; magnificent marine view.
$3.500^ — Residrnc*. 7 rooms and bath; on 9th
av«.. ntar Calif crnla St.; high basement,
brick foundation, etc.; lot 25x120.
$.'),10O — Handzome residence, 7 rooms and
bath; on Diamond St., near 19th; lot
21x125.
$2,500 — Beautiful new modern cotCage. S
rooms and bath: finished basement, etc.;
In the b;st ccndltlon; lot 25x114. "*
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Stockton St.. near California; lot 22x60 to rear
street; price $3500; present lmprove-
j tr.enls; rent low. *•_!.
$2.100 — A coxy cottace of S room.- on Laguna
St.; corner lot: 2t5x«2:6.
' C. M. WOQ3TER CO.. 643 Market st.
SPECK A CO.,
209 Montromery st.
200 Montgomery st.
209 Mont_omery st.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. ¦ Leasing.
Rents collected. Insurance.
$100.0C0-rR*nts.$6C00; cash security on lease;
Investing $50,000 cash and assuming bank
mortgage of $50,000 will pay 12 per cent net;
lot 55x137:6.
$50.000— NW. corner; 167:6x137:3; Golden
Gate ave., east of Scott St.: good improve-
ments: mortgage ?30.000 at 5H per cent can
remain; reasonable offer entertained.
$4j>,000--VIcinity Bush and Kearny; stores
and three floors above; brick building; lot
fronts 85 feet; rents $265.
• $35,000— Howard St., near Third: KOxl6O
feet: $O0O square feet; key lot and 2 frontages;
this lot on 3d st. would be worth $100,000.
$25,000 — Corner; new lulMing; rents $224:
lot 3U:6xluO feet.
?2I,000 — Larkln-st. business corner; lot 35
feet frontage; rents $1SOO annually.
$20.000 — Polk-st. business property: S stores
and lodging-house; lot 30x95 feet; rents $145;
$10,000 bank mortgage can remain.
i $18,500— Poet st.: lot 62:6x124 feet: 2 front-
agts; very good improvements; rents $140.
$13,600— Rent $1.10; good flats; vicinity Van
Ness and Grove; lot 27:6x120 feet; this bargain
Is hard to beat.
$12,000— Unlon-st. flats; new; lot 26x100
feet; rents $112 60.
*11.0CO— Corner 7th st.; 55 feet frontage;
flne building site. - ;¦._-;¦¦
«lO.noo— Pine St.. bet. Mason and Taylor:
lot 26x137:6 feet; thre«-story 1— lproveroenta.
tHoOO — 2 stores and 4 flats: corner north of
Market st. : 43:6 feet frontage; yearly rents
$906; paying IlVu per cent.
$5000 — Mission business corner; 3 stores;
rents $4f0 yearly; lot 43x90 feet.
RESIDENCES.
$GO.000 — Magnificent residence. 15 rooms and
baths; Interior mahogany wood: most costly
finish throughout; lot 125x137:6 feet; pano-
ramic view of city and bay.
$15.000 — California.-**, residence; 12 rooms
and bath; lot 35x137:6 feet; choice block.
$1500— 4-room cottase: lot 27:6xlCO feet;
Mission warm belt.
CHOICE LOTS.
I *13.000— NW. comer; 56:6x137:6 feet; uzuur-
passed marine view; must be sold this week.
$S230 — Broadway; north side and bent rrsl-
: donee block: unobstructed view; lot 27x137:0
i feat. ,;,-o:', •¦¦../-_
SPECK tt CO..
200 Montgomery sL. opposite Mills building.
$1500— New modern cottage: 4 rooms and bath:
good location; *".'«• cash. baJance $12 per
month. ApDly 3.116 Mission st.
i BUILD your unimproved realty: wa loan full
i - erst Improv. and part lot at &&. MANHAT.
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker buUding.
; ALL work guaranteed flrst class hy ALH-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 838 Howard st.
SAXT MATEO BfiAX ESTATE.
SAN MATEQ SAN MATEO
I THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE DIS-
i TRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
Wd have a choice list of excellent residence
: properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
! to see us before buying. Investigate San
1 Mateo'Park. The ideal. property of them all.
! Lots of about one acre each. Easy terms.
' Bound to be most valuable. See our local
I agent, Frank S. Grummon. San Mateo office
open Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
SAN MATEO. ', BURLINGAMH.
Best suburban homes near San Francisco; no
ferry; electric railroad now running; lots and
residence* for sale; we can sell sood lot* as
low as $500 each: we will be glad to show
them; w* also bnv« some acreage lr.ud near
by as low us SIl*) to $200 ix»r acre
McAFEfc BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery «t.. Pan Francisco.
Resident A*ent. S. G. GOODHTTK. Westsrn
Union Telegraph building. San Mateo.
HAVWARDS REAL ESTATE.
i SPECIAL BARGAINS
HAYWARDS PROPERTY.
Splendid roadside 1 . bouse of 5 rooms, barn.'
well, windmill and tank, chicken houses and «
acres of fine land on corner of two main rcaiU-
price $6000. /
Six acres, all out to prunes. C-room house
barn, chicken houses, brooder house, good w«ll-
price $3200. ? • •
-.Twelve acres, mostly out to frnlt: good .">-
room cottage, barn, well, chicken house horse
harness, carriage, -spring wagon and fura'»urp
Included; price $5600. .
Fine Uttle stock ranch of 120 acres: (rood
ltouse and barn, on good main road; only $3000
Call on or write to P-. WILBERT. Hay wards
Cal. .- - . ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦
4 ACRES with modern cottage* mill tank-
house and carriage hour* ; half . In "bearlnir
fruit trees: convenient to car line- Dr ic*
$5500. L. L. M. 0AL6BURY. Frultval. ave
¦ near P. P.. Fruit vale station . "
[ ' "'
j WEXLO PAItK . REAL ESTATE.
I AT Menlo Par!:— For sal* on » aS y terrrt; 1
- t»n-room house' with all .modern tmumVa
; ments; two blocks from station. A*adrv»i
• the owner, at P. O. box D. Menlo Park. Cal.
10-ROOM. modern house. > Mtnlo Park "
blocks Jf "tat Ion; moderate tfrms p' o"
bftx D. Menlo. Pork. U-
. SAWTA OXARA &I AL ESTATES.
MOUNTAIN Vivrw. Santa • aara 7 County— Fe^
. rent; -resilience about 10 rooms; complstely
• and handsomely furnished: 4^i miles (rom
1 station: carriages and eow» , go . with th<s
place -.'man to take care of tinlm and milk
j cow« without extra ch*nrp; rent Mto i.«. r
montli. MCAFEE BROTHERS.' US Mont-
I C.intiy.st.; rf. V, .--•'*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY S; lftO*.
43
' KKAL ESTATE— Country — Vor gate.
NOTICE TO VINEYARD1STS.
• ' $40,000 — 472. S5 acre* laud in Soaoma County;
• Cne house. » room*; good bam; all fenced;
plenty water from well end enjrine; 160 acres
..fell -bearing vineyard; 4 acre* olive*; 15 acre*
' Engiifh walnut*; 4 acre* or*ag«*; family orca-
. an!; winery aad coop«lre 115,000 gallon* ca-
pacity: incooi* for 10t« J14.000, expen»es $60W,
net Income (8000 per year; old ace cause ol
• selling ; tens* given to experienced party.
ETOCK AND GRAIN FARM,
•' "«• acres; xnoct centrally located farm in
Centra Coata County; fir." house, 12 large
• .n<cmt; large barn; plenty water from runnisg
ft ream and eprings; S acres orchard; 8 acres
v.neyard; oost over $20,0o0; can Mil for $l-»i- ¦
* iw; greatest bargain in that county.
* 112 acref; tnest beautiful spot tn Lake Coun-
ty; fiae licuse; barn; running stream year
, icund; trout; suitable fcr lummer resort; price
-. * J '-, half cash, balance to cult.
.I-'or rest — The famous Carlcbad Springs r*-
jwt; la_rge hotel and eutbuildtngs; all fur-
" r.iihed; reat for ceason $SW; must open June 1.
GRAIN FARMS.
f 4000— 1TO acres, all No. 1 grain land; So.ano
County; Improvement* common; land cheap.
$4000 — 1SS acr*« choice grain land; good
. hwute. 8 rooms; barn and outbuilding*; family
orchard.
¦S500Q— 600 acre* Y.o. 1 level land, adjoining
town of Assedee, in fact part of *ame 1* town
lets; cholc* for feed; railroad alttiselde; mutt
eell; great bargain.
$t!200 — Rednced from $7000 to make Quick
* •&_•; that eholc« and highly improved 31 acres
at town ef Sonoma; well ttofked; owner will
acsept part exchange.
*8TW>— 41*4 »cr«* choice vegetable land; bow
rested for $10 per acre; centrally located.
POULTRY FARMS.
'.l'-i aer«a land located on electric car Una;
Sarta Clara Countr: fine hous«: ever>thinc
firrt ...*«.« for a nic« hota*; «ee this at once;
price 52:.J0. terra* ir wanted. ,
_,. iO »er«*; Marin County: house. • room*:
barn; chic-hen hou»e; everything in order; 400
chicken*; lot lmplecients: fronts on FetaJuma
Creek; 2r.e boating and fishing; *>r1c« $2^50.
<1 arre* on main roa«J. near Nbvato, M«nn
Cc«CBty; 26 rail** from city; rood house, bam, |
" chicken house; 300 chicken*. hor»e, cow, plenty |
wood ani water; price $1'j00.
s ' — «
13000— C5 acras. Sonoma County; on main
t 'ccunty read: 2 heuses. 4 rosm* ea a; Alto \
rcadho-JM. doing a good bustne**: t acrt* I
orchatrd; 1« acre* vineyard, which paid $SO0 in !
. _,!*03; fine little resort place and cheap. :
$4P00 — 10 acr»w. BOC07 a!l plante 1 ! to orch- ]
• r£; Cne new house; barn, tankhoute, engine
lad ecgine-hru:?*, incubatcr hcus*, 3 Incu-
betor*. 1000 chrcken brooder*. 6 chicken house*.
. _-S0 ebiduss. mostly ben*. 1000 young stocic
hcr*e. cow. warons. everything complete; one
c-.lle from Sunol. Alameda County.
. . * T GENTLEMAN-S INCOME HOME.
$_U.Oor>_220 acres, mest choice and highly
- lntr-rov^d piece ol property in Napa County; 1
m:ie frsm St. Helena: fine bstrir.g vinej-ard
e-e crchard; house cvtt over $6000; other Im-
provements In proportion: crops go with place
and should be worth (3000 for 1904.
COUNTRY HOME.
F75IW— 42 acres; half mile from Eonoma; level
¦tnAy loam »oil; all in fruit, vineyard, berrie*.
»t<-.: podCT. dwelling of 8 rooms and hath;
completely furn'.shfd; lsrge bam: m*n's hoate;
-'-.•¦ house*: fruit housei-; all farming lm-
pl-nierit*; 4 horsM!. wagons, nhaeton; watar
pipefl a!l over place: cost $2P.'" I 00; we recom-
mend this rrcperty: it is the cheapest In Call-
• fcrnia.
•CHATFIELD & VINZENT,
• 72* Meciremery St.. H. F.
ATTENTION, HOME FEEKERS.
. ce«'.re to rail the attention of Intending
bcfm ni '-our.tr>' lanjs to F ¦>m»' bariralns in
lT-,r-r.n.e-pr»'lucin* orchard. \"ln*r*r1. pr&in end
Btock* '«rn>. nuny of whlrh nr» bank fors-
>r'iom;r«'s t^«t we h«iv» tor »al^. Mr. Hu«> bar-
in»r hn.l to yarf' knowledge nriil ezpeHCBM
f "f th^ •;,"...,- r f Ian-!?, avA lx»!ng the o'.*Tier
<>f s_n ¦.n"--:r.r-pn"(*.uclr.g orchard and v.neyard.
. ran int";;ifrrtiy dlr«-ct intending buyers to tlM
' t**t la»d« ar.d ••arsalr.s In the sftate. Cor-
* ret pon it not- solicited.
DAVID rjfi=It ft SOX. rss Mont_romery *t.,
f.oorr- 412. .t^a.V JV-_»»lt h'tiViiinr.
|«50— CHICKEN rtLr.rh in the town of Gait;
rf>'1 housr, v. - tvii1ho*jt?. chiclter' -house, some
. fruH tre»ii ar.d well of gr.oj Vatrr.
1250 — Mr* ucret cf fine table or wine grape
. land; C"cd liv-atier.; Fucrarcentn County.
<ianf'T? {rvck lard; *r/» per acre. In tracts to
r-jft. >».n Joac'Jln Cour.lr.
For further particulars a-WrcFS b-jx 15. Gait,
.* Ca?.
B-BOOai oottaSt a». I.ark*?ur; almost new.
r^f>d»1n: ftn* f.ir rummer rwidener: <5i mile
tnaq Ktitlon: tllQO. $IC0 cash, balance $12
r<?r rr.onth.
w. n. ntrusELL.
".f\ Ca.;if-Tnia «^t.. San Francisco. Cal-
THS h-tt 5-arre- *tock«'d ani furr.!s*ied horn*
; nmr p. F. ; -MS90. 50 Flood l.idg.
FOIt ca'.e or «xcha.r.ge: 2-*tory ccttape and
_ «r'n;n>.>: T.'t miicy from city. Si.12 Hrodfri-k.
T»or.\T niniMo.vn nEAt, i^<«tat_h:7
ix) you Kxovr —— -.-.-.
Of the Immense plant
•* wHrt M-'.il «mp!ij- hunorfds of rnpn
• which Baker & Hamilton are going to cor.ttruct
At Point Richmond ?
Buy a lot there now hefw* the raise
In the Fanu Fe trict.
*5 per rrnnth. \U JeVf .»
McL1\'EN II.1OS.. us Montgomery street.
Sole £ gents.
"LAST chance — 55 monthly; lots any tract: flict
j-rir*. firrt choice; pear site* bought for fac-
t-.riot. «tc. A. \Y. BKLL. 211 Montry.. 3. F.
HEAL ESTATE WASTED.
A GOOD lodcing-houM- in San Francl*co t<o"ex~-
<h_»r.»c for Oaklaud or I>#ikele>- proi^rty
r. C LAESEN It CO.. 4C6 Tenth it.. Oak-
It r1 Cui.
UI:aL , KSTATK TO KICHA.SGK.
A .'-VELL-IMPnovnT) 186-acre ranuTTor Tx"-
tlinr.pe for city, etiburban or nearby nrcperty
B.x U--S53. Call office.
'* r ' ACRES: noatheantern part Monterey
•Vi-T.y. FTtrDCnirK. XrSO .Seventeenth
..ALAMEDA ADVEKTIS'3IEXTS
ALA3IED*. Rra ESTATE.
AN' EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY?"
AN ELEGANT HOUSE IN THE CITY OK
ALAUEDA.
ML"6T BE SOLD.
Thi* beautiful home is located on SanU
Mara _»*•«., in the central part of the city,
raii'.rt.wmc of the rnont cleyant homes In Ala-
n:rcia County; ft it modern throughout; the lot
;- larte. «0x207:<>. and <-ontair>* a moat b?au-
tiruj lawn. ¦ preat variety of choice flowers,
.--.•- tnd fruit tr*«t.
Street csm par* the donr and It I* convenient
to nation* on bcth Ifet br<j*d and narrow gauge !
rf>:i<_g.
The hou*» be* 5 0 larfe rcorns rsott srtistlc-
*IIy decurated: lover* of b-autlful fr-fcolng t
<ould not help «ppre<Hat!r.g tliin. The firat floor i
.<o>itj«Jr.« u. #r*<-'it'UF rrrtptirtn hall, exquisit* '
Irjiwhig - room. ::br«r>-. dining - room und
.kitchen, with p*ritTie», c!o»<tr and bwtlrr's !
room. The ?econd floor • • rr-_-ir- «l elt^ant i
• li»tr.lj«Ti. all of wlilch are bcntStcd by an i
„ DU'tr •.;. -:-url
. " Iia*^m<*ni cemented throughout, with laun- |
<!ry. iurnwrt-rcc.-.a, w!o«roor.i an.1 Kareroora. t
All plumbing rtrtctly flrrt clarst. Porcrlaln I
t-othtubs. ar.d tnoflenj patent to!l?ts on both I
fioor*. I
Handsome <^arriagt-ho'_)^e vlth stable room'
for 2 horses on rear or lot.
This rharrr.lng lion.* \t. ».fl>r«d fir fal" at
» facTiflce for • khort time or!y. and «t h price '
wMcb rruiVe* it * real l.srrnn to tny one <ie- j
»!r!nr a tome which will surround th»m with !
. r.U tb* ccrr.'orti!. r-r,nv«Ts|encc* smd pleazure* '•
r«?fju1r»-d by tie trof-t exacting. I
Vtice $75Of». j
For furtbfr d»»a!l*. call on or a-ddre»n :
ELMEK r.. JOHNSON. Agent. i
1501 Park et., Alaajed*. I
HANDSOMET.T FrRNI^HKD HOURP* FOR ;
J:L.VT.\L DUniNG SL'3-MCK MONTHS.
TOJ^T. .
Palatial 10-room resldc-noe fcr rent. I. 2 or 3 !
•ori-' '»«< . IC p«r month. v j
I'liio iiwmh. handsome grounds. $C5 per mo. |
IVautlful 7-rocni renifJence, $S5. ;
! >autl.ul e-rocm ro>id»nce, $35..
-"¦Vhy Jive In crowded flats when you can live j
i:s Cower* and runeblne? j
•n< >'.«»: rROPFrnTiKK. both ijiphovko
•NT> !-NiMPROVUD. IN THE BEAUTIFUL
riTT 'jy noMEg—
ALAMEDA.
. ><¦<- CT.MER E. -TOHNSOy. 1501 Park *t.'
F r JH HENT—
I-«rge Ktore. with fixture*, linoleom on
floor, on north eide Saata Clara a"ve., D»ar }
I'ark et.: elfgartt l-xnitlon: rent %ZZ a month. !
HAIO.Y A CO.. ;
'Z'-IZ Hanta Clara Avenue. -
.N«ir I'ark Street; Alameda.
TOP. RENT—
Fine fi-room flat*, modern, on north side
•-ar.ta. Clara ave.. between Oak and Park
f '> . ntrr Etation. _M&*I
HALLT & CO.,
. -S:i.1 SunU Clara Avenue.
* _ p _-«e*T I'fcrl^ Street. Alameda.
». — ¦ — ¦ ¦ p »i ii ¦
• K ' r " f ' <5 M cottare: bargain : email payru—*
, «o*ii. balance long tlrof. Cox 3712. Cai
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALA31E.DA UEAI, KSTATS.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 PARK 6T.. ALAMEDA.
Look over thl* Il*t of property for *ale.
THE BEST LOCATIONS.
The Cheapest' ProperUe* and Easiest Term*.
BE SURE TO GET ONE OF OUR BAR-
GAINS.
$1500 buy* a fine 5-room cottage: large lot.
I20(«0 buys a 6-room cottage: lot 60x217.
$2300 buy* a new 5-room cottage; very mod-
ern.
$5500 buy* a good 5-room cottage; lot 60x153;
a enap.
$2SOO buys a 6-room cottage; Santa Clara are.
and Grand; lar_re lot; a barsrain.
$2750 buy* a «-room cottage; lot 50x150; must
be told.
$0000 buys a beautiful 6-room cottage; large
lot; carr-ets. lace curtains, etc.. all to be
sacrificed; emit be *old tht* week.
$3500 buy* an elegant 7-rooro home; choice lo-
$4000 buy* an S-room house; lot 40x130; cost
over «5000.
J4500 buys beautiful modern 3-room house;
modern design.
SEE OUR BARGAINS: GET OUR FHICES; i
VIEW OUR HOMES. ]
NOTHING LIKE THEM EVER OFFERED ,
IN ALAMEDA.
SPECIAL. SPECIAL. SPECIAL.
I10.WO purchase* one of the finest 13-raom
houses in Alameda; let 73x187:6; furnace
and <!egant corner lot; a bargain; origin- '
ally eo«t $22,000.
-¦ -j : ¦ ;
ALAMEDA LAND CO.. 1500 PARK ST. i
TELEPHONE -ALAMEDA 430. ALAMEDA. |
HERE 18 A CHANCE FOR EVERTBODY. |
GREAT BAP.GAINS.
BUSINESS LOT ON PARK ST., 60x100; A
j SACRIFICE.
TWO NICE "WATER FRONT COTTAGES
! ON CENTRAL. AVIi., XEAlt STATION; BAR-
! GAINS; LARGE LIST OF REALTT.
; FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
REAL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOCSE IN. BEST LOCALITY.
TWO BARGAINS.
6-room ccttage; lr«t 50x125; $1300.
' room cottare: lot 25x150; $lS00.
: FOR SALE ON EA6Y TERMS.
$50 DOWN, F*XLANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOTS,
S3:4xl» TO a5rl7«.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TU'O BLOCKS FROM SIXTH. ST. STATION.
TlflRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BI/XK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
i
APPLY TO A. R. DENICE.
14U0 WEBSTER ST. ALAMEDA.
or
Call on thp
ISLAND REAL ESTATE CO..
¦ 1304 Railroad ave.. Bay station,
t .
I
i
; COME TO AI-AMEDA.
THE PARADISE OF CALIFORNIA.
: - THE FXNKCT SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCSCO.
WHEN YOU ARRIVE IN AL.A1IEDA
' <~ALL ON* HAMMOND Jt HAMMOND. THE
LEADING AND RELIABLE REAL ESTATE
j AGENTS. WHO WILL SUBMIT TO YOU A
! LARGE LIST OF CHOICE BUYS IN Ut-
' PROVED AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
j IN ALL PARTS OF ALAMEDA.
POL-LOWING ARE A FEW LEADERS FOR
TO-DAY.
: f_I4C(t — MoJera up-to-date 5-rocm cottage: gar-
<ie_i mill Iji— n; bet. broad and narrow
gauge; lot :K:I!ixi:i0; eocd buy.
$iOOO— Well-buflt 2-rtory house; 7 rooma and
bath: en Enclnal ave.; lot 00x150; this is
a rocd investment; don't overlook. i
:
. ?5OCO tvih bur a mcnSerri fr-room house: bepu- ¦
t::ul!y and artistically rurn.shed (new), i
Including new urrtsrlu piano; also h<jri>e !
and r.ew buggy; t>ltuate<l In choicest l^i.t
of A'.ameda; b«t. broad and narrow
gauge; cart cs«h. balance cheaper than
I rent; lot 25x150: Invectlcate.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
Contractor:, and Hulldera.
; Ii2^ I'ark St.,
Alarr.eda.
fcalrsman In efftee to-day from 8 to 3.
i — — ZZ ;
CHAS. ADAMS & CO..
Two Great Bargain*.
Ccttage cf 7 rooms; let 50x125; $2100; big
barjrain.
2-ttory house of 7 rocms, up to date; lot 45x
; Id. wuh tarn; $^000: a fna_j.
Cottase. 7 looms snd bath; lot 68x150; barn,
; drtvewajr; fruit trees and flon-erf; *:>75O.
>-'otta_;e, 7 rctim»> and b_»th; lol 75x150; barn.
! Urivtway; fruit and fiowcrt.
I!ou.<e of rocfTn* aod bath; lot 56x150; good
J location os Lafayette St., near narrow gauge;
$4150; a bargain.
Cotuge. 5 roome and bath; lot 25x150; $lR00.
A ecap — Cottage, 4 rooms and a finished
i rorims in basemen; lot 2Sxl25; ?ls00.
2-story house of « roon-.s anJ bath; windmill
• and link; lot 2txlC0; *9OO.
; Cottage. 5 roome; let 5GxI40; a snap; $12CO.
3 C-roojn cottages, good location; $2700 each,
b-roc-ru hcu»e; lot 50x_2UJ; I27CO; a enap.
iius.ne&s j/roj>crty bringing In $00 per month
• at $C500.
., „ . , I #
Let* in all parts cf Alarneda.
CriA.S. ADAM.S *: CO..
Bay Station. AUmcla.
Open SunJay*. » a.) m. to 4 p. m.
HOLCOMB BREED * EANCROFT. INC..
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
BEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA RESIDENCE.
J'.-autiljj! home; 8 Iarce rooms and bath: all
modem ccnvenien-rep: oak hall and stalrn-ay;
art £lns3 window. : hot &ir* furnace; full bd.se-
j mem, c»ment floor; plate glass window; lot 55
j »!..".; choiceet retirttrn f location in Alameda;
; owine to owtnr'8 removal, will Eell at aacri-
j rice; offer wanted.
i HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC..
I 10C0 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
! U. D. JtUD * CO..
Leiclnsr Real Ectate Agents,
1121 Park st.. Alameda.
FOR SALE.
$1200 — Cr.tsge, «5 rooms; Mound st.
J13<)0 — «'nt.ag<>. five?.? v'ist.a ave., 5 rooms.
_*1{C»O— Alameda Rve., 5 rooms.
H2iof> — Alameda ave.. 5 rooms.
J21'W»— Taylor ave., 5 rooms.
*2300 — Lirct two-ttory house, 7 rooms; !
J beautiful crounds.
|Lj4<y> — Ueautitul East Laxe house, water
¦ front. S r--ona».
• isi-ici — Cotti_re. 10 rooms; Verdi st. ,
] nne line of furr.'.thsd houses to rent. j
i £jooo— PART cash, will buy cne of the pret-
i tlrst honves in Alameda.
. J5J<» Will buy a choice lot in a superb lo-
; f»tlon. sunny side of street: 34xlS5; genuine
i bargain.
; H. 6. MEHRTENS.
IttOO Seventh st.. cor. Railroad ave.
—READ THIS—
• COTTAGE: *> roo.-.s; iirarly new; choice lnca- ;
tlon: nc-ar - oorcelain sink and Ruth tub: ne-w
, flush closet; n^wly papert-d and painted In-
' - Bide and out: everything In first-claeki condi-
! tlon; if sold at once. *1400 on easy terms;
! coist owner $2400: only sold on account owner
] solng East. 1. 8. HANLEY. 1310 Park et.
! $2CJ0— HOUSE of 7 .rooms; lot 50x150; street
I work and sidewalk complete. J. H. YOUNO,
1 12*3 Park *t.. Alameda. <
' $3000 WILL* buy an 8-room house In choice
; locality. W. H. POLLARD. 218 California st.
j " ALAMKHA noOJIS,
• NEWLY fumifhrd sunny" rooms with board.
; ' 1541 Central ave., Morton Station. Alameda.
BERKELEY AilVKKT'^M'NTS
BEEKE1.EY REAL ESTATB.
Bia BARGAIN* LIST of House* and Lot* —
J-.-'mVi — Nice S-room cottage; lot 80x135;
chicken yard, etc .
stlOO — Elegant 7-rocm bouse: corner Iot, 62
| feet front: a .rrackcrjark baritaln.
; $"700 — 8 rooms: lot 50x120 l $300 cash, balance
monthly: fine location. ..¦«•-„' .
' Two elegant 5-room cotUigfs. all modern,
going «t * bargain thl* week. ; =
A f«w cheap lot*; big mon*F if taken now.
All the above clwe to "K«y f Route «UUon.
KUUDOCK A CO-. South Ber»»«ley (Lorln).
A few more flne lots, 60x100; east Qf Tele-
crhph av*-.. close to 2 car. line*.
i«W» f«rh— Lot* 44*135; street work all done;
L*twe-n Sfcattuck and Telegraph ave>!.
Wt LITTLH & WOOLSEY.
2110 Shatluck ave.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND n.KAL ESTATE.
~— — — 1— ¦ ~-- ¦ * ¦ ~"
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
Heal Es.ato Agent and Dealer,
Member of the Oakland R*al Estate Asaa..
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
, $S5CO for both — Two beautiful homes for *al»
'consisting of 2 up-to-date cottags* of i
and 9 rooms double parlors, tieparat* din-
Ing-room; large attic for billiard room,
hardwood manteU; ga*; modern plumb-
Ing; .-ttationary washtubs; east frontage
cottages in flne condition Inside and out,
beautiful lawn and shrubbery, fruit trees,
barn and driveway: cement sidewalks}
' street work complete; large lot. 103x250.
electric cars pas* the door every B mla-
ntes; tivo blocks to Key Route, giving 10c
fare to baa Francisco; near town; fin*
location: beautiful viaw of hills; one oc-
cupl»d by owner and the other U renUna
for $35; see photos at offlce.
; $5000 — J> rooms; modern: new;- line location;
. owner will trade for small ranch.
$2650 — Here's a snap; elrgant new gothlc 8tyl«
house of G rooms, double parlors, expen-
sive mantel, g*% and electricity; the loca-
i tion 13 superb: shade trees along tin
street; sunny side; owner going to St.
Louis; house alone worth the price asked.
$4000— Elegant »-room Ea*tlak» cottage; por-
celain bath: parlor finished in paneled
. curly redwood; lot .X'xlCO; Iumisa built by
i owner, who live* there now; terms caa
i be arranged.
I $3000— New modern colonial style house, •
rooms, porcelain bath, gas and electricity;
' Includirg new carpets; cloee to town;
' terms $30O down. *_.•> per month.
?6_."5O — Business property: rents for $70 net;
150 feet from Broadway.
HERE IS A RAttE CilANCE.
A hemp Just completed: never occupied: con-
• teinin? 5 large rooms; expensive raantet;
o"f>en plumbing: hiirr. basement; very sun-
ny; lawn ar.1 stone walks, etc.; near Saa
Pablo ave. ; $oCO cash down wi}| buy it.
Telegraph-ave. property; only corner left at
*uch a price; $70 per foot; four elegant
residence? to be erected on opposite cor-
n«», 07xlCO.
$2C00 — Must be so'd within a w«ek; price re-
duced frtfrn $3000; 6 rooma. modem in
every way; ga_» and electricity; paneled
dininz-roum; tine location; near Grove gt.
$4000— Elegant Swiss- Italian gothls »tyl«
house, 7 rooms, porcelain bath; on very
sunny corner; 1 block from Telfgraptl
ave.; open lawn; must be sold.
$125O — 4-room cottage; flne tre?a: chicken
houses; brooders: lot 40x200; cash or teroxa
cati ba arranged.
: $70(X> — lakeside district; 11 room*: *unny side;
i close to LaHe hnuse; has massive appear-
ance and cost $3000 to build.
$550 — Lot 23x100; 30th st.: *unny side; sowers
and street work all done; house* adjoin-
ing are good distance .rum line; a txtajft
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
Real Estate Agent and Dealer.
Member of the Oakland Rml Estate A.aa ¦
: lOC*^ Broadway. Oaktand.
~ TAYLOR BROS. * CO..
- Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agent*.
Tel. Cedar 351. 123U Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
NOBBY 1-OTTAGES.
$1,750 — Five rooms, strictly modern: lot 27x
110 feet: 10 minutes' walk to Postofflce:
let us shotv you thi*. 1202
$3,000 — Cottage of 5 rocms. high basement:
new anti nobby In appearance; un the
corner: 5 minutes' walk to City Hall:
tould be rentoUWed into flats at llttl«
cost. CS
RESIDENCES.
$3,WK> — Neat 2-story. 7- room residence. 1!
blocks from City Hall: east frontaga:
renl!ngr at $.1f» per month; reduced from
$40C<J for quick sale. ¦ li'SS
$4.500 — One of til' nnbniest S-room residences
In Peralta Heights; handsomely finished:
Hvlnsr-roon. ltx^(V feet: flne lawn and
shrubbery; barn and driveway; 1 block:
from new Fourth-ave. car line.
$6,000 — Very handsome residence of It rooma.
frescced and cove ceilings, solid cak
staircase, cement basement: terrdfee. 21t»
feet frontajre;- i-ancot be duplicated for
$72CO; Peralta Height j district; m> finer
, location In Oakland.
VACANT LOTS.
$600-— 40x130 fatt: Howard St.. Boulevard
neiglits. overlooking Lake Merritt and
close to Fourth ave.
$2,230 — On* of t;:« rtn».*t corners in Peralt*
• _ > Heisrhts; 240 feet frontage; easily worth
GOOD INVESTMENT.
$17.5fiO — A corner. .?20 fp"t frontage, with im-
prcv»-men:s which are worth $5CC0; thi*
propr-rty is within 4 blocks of City Hall
and adjolnir.7 solid brick business block;
vacant ground In sama block held at
$500 a foot; elecant site for apartment
house hotel or flxts.
TAYLOR RUGS & CO..
Tel. Cedar 53L 1230 Br-iadway. Oakland. Cal.
$3000— A BEAUTIFUL 2-story house «f S
ro'ir.ji en Walsworth ave. ; of double par-
lorn, dining-room, bay-windows, porcelain
bath; larste let: on sunny sld* of the
this Drice. is less than the cost of tb*
house; It must bo «.M at once; can be
.bought un easy terma.
A SPLENDID BARGAIN at $2500— New
house cf « room*, bath, laundry: corner lot.
X4>:1C5. vrith »unny frontage: only two block*
frcm Key Route; can be bought on easy terms;
invest ..rate this ct once.
If you want a nice modern cottaxe ef <J
rooms and bath, close to local trains, large iot.
42x127. T,-e have one that can be bought for
what you would pay out for rent; i<tlc*, $2750.
$100 do^n and $15 per moat'i will buy a nent
cottage of 4 icoms am! purrein.n bath. with!n
ea_.y walking rUjtance of the City Hall. T'..:»
is. a snap at $12CO and wttl go noon.
E. J. STEWART &. CO.. Asents.
/ J.eal Estate ar.d Insurance.
1CCS Eroadway TelepHone Clay 7CC.
______
A SNAP tn Linda Vista Terrace; lot 67x123;
street wcrk. sewer. g*s. water all done; $20CO.
How Is this for choice lcta on Piedmont ave. :
fOCO each; street work, siwer, gas. wat£r all
done.
.
. On Telegraph ave. I hava a good lot. SOxlOOT
, street work all done: J.175O.
-- « .
Now 1^ ycur chance to buy a home whera
one has left naver to return, house being too
large now: beautiful terraced lawn, flowers and
a \lew that can hardly be beaten; 10 rooms,
bath, all the modern conveniences of a flne
lif.use; price $3'_K0; call and let me shew ycu
' A beautiful home on Fifth ave.. East Oak-
land- » rooms, bath: terraced lawn; five mln-
tite» to local and rtRht near car line: flowers,
fruit trees: lot 4Cx14<>; this ia a bargain: price
34CCO; a better loratti-n you can. hardly find.
WM. P. TODD. K>70 Bitadway.
CHEAP LOT8. CHEAP 1 LOTS.
$5 cash. $2 50 monthly; fine 1-rel lors; soil
and location auperb; price $75.
Sio cash. $3 monthly: level Iot3 in new <wt-
tlement: toll and location the b?st; 50x145:'
price $130.
$25 cash. ?7 CO monthly; extra fine lots, !U0x
132:«: 75 homes just gona up: he* a great
future: see them; price $500; will build you
a home.
Near two electric lines, school, church, wide
boulevard and adjoining Eaat Oakland; sectioa
buildtng up with good, substantial people.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh st..
Oakland opposite Froudway station ; carriage
free. U. Z. JONE3. o»ncr.
*l9On — NEW modem flats: ranted $40 month;
bargain. By THE ALDEN CO., 1113 Broad-
way. \
$5250— Fine residence and ground*: » rotm;
iunny sloe of Alice st.: foreclosure. THS AL-
DEN CO.. 111S Broadway.
S2250 — New cottage. 5 gcod rooms, bath. etc..
"with one acre flne land, at Kruitvale. By THE
ALDEN CO.. HIS Broadway.
FOr rent or for *al« — Fcr Immediate po«"^-
slon hfwie of 9 room*, furnace, etc.. 2 largo
Dcrcbes- Ideal situation on Crown Hlit cor-
nXr- 70x125; fasrinatlng hay and mountain
vistas- atr especially dry an-1 balmy; variety
mature fruit and shade trees: e'lte neighbor-
hood. Se« owner. 105 Bayo Vista ave.. eor-
rer Walsworth; phone Brush 17* or Bu*.
Main 553. '
i« a ,-jv_ A FIVE ho'J»e In ' 1-akMlde district;
thcroughiy modern and up to date in
every particular: 0 room* and bath; 3
fblceks from the bu*lne«a center: 4 block.*
from the new poMo£Hce: price reduced
from $S00O to $5750; must be sold.
«i-.m— I-arce new. modem »-rootn house *ftn
? 4jU TeIegraph ave.-. lot ta 45x160; this price,
'na* b«"n reduc-d from $15000; is certainly
- a areat bargntn.
C K. MARSHALL. Ills Broadway. Oakland.
for Additional Classified Advertise*
ments Sec Page Fort j-Fonr;
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
HERKEI.EY REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN.
$2250— $200 cash, balance $20 per month, in-
- eluding Interest; 5 large rooms; fin«
¦'- mantel... stationary tubs, high basjment;
'£ block* to both train*; sunny side of
street; street work all done: cement walk*.
$2300 — Nearly new 4-room cottage; ail fur-
nished; new piano; lot 60x135; fruit trees
. und beautiful flower garden, chicken-
house. uigeon-b,oua*; % block to train;
ona«r east. .
$2500 — Fine corner store with one 4-room flat
and one --room fiat; lot ($4x100; 1 block
from station; snap.
$3600 — New U-room house on corner lot. 50x100;
double narlors; larza dlnins.room; side-
board; flne mantel; porcelain bath; open
- plumbing; toilet u_> and downstairs; large
washroom; fine neighborhood: 3 blocks
to both trains; electric cars; stores, etc.;
$500 cash, balance $25 per month.
$32CO — New S-room house; everything modern
and u;> to date: lot . 50x100: street work
all done; nothing in Berkeley equals these
places: $500 cash, bal. $23 p*r month;
you will pay 510 rcnt^for _>ame place;
why not buy and be your own Iandlord7
$2250 — New 5-room cottage; large lot; street
work all don*: 3 blocks to both train*;
$500 cash. bal. $20 per month; place will
¦ - — rent for tfclr.
! $2200 — Good as new; S-room cottag?; double
parlors; flne mantel; bath; hifth basement;
brick foundation: 3 blocks to train: 1013
- Kifty-seventh St., Golden Gate station.
$2400— 7-rocm cottage; on SO-foot _?-.; % block
to car«: fruit trees, all bearing: good well;
¦1M 50x11). a «n«.r>: street work all done,
• Including cement walks. ¦
W. C MORAK, South Berkeley.
$675— A NICE south front lot, near U. C. and
"Key."
$1175— Extra large let in a real rfsslrable loca-
tion; near in lo U. C. anil "Key."
$1250— Neat *-roem cottage, not far from U. C.
815C0—A choicf. sightly corner lot in a flne lo-
cation near in.
' $16C0— l>*l?y 4-room cottage; neat an a pin; 2
block* of cars. ¦
i $2S00 — 8 rooms; nearly net*j good lot; nice
home; owner leaving.
$J250— 7 cood room*; new; model plan; well
lji!iK: sunny; n»ar trdtns.
$3756— .0 room?; nice condition: 50-foot lot;
¦ oast of Shattutk. near '"Key."
$2000 — 7 room*; rnoiiern: nearly new;.t1r>e k>-
| cation: ij.«t cf Dana, norm of Dwight.
j $15CP — Hand-cm*-, new, S-room houne; model
plan; thciou^hly well built And up to date:
sunny; fine biy views; nrar station and
cars.
$ -000— ft reomi: n*w: very nice; east of Fultoa,
north of DnUht.
i $5000 — J) room*; modern: nearly . new; at-
! tractive ho_fe, handsome grounds, choice
j location; tiear university.
56-CC — ElcRnnt modern houise. 11 rooms; choice
location; rxtia larce lot.
$675f) — 14-room hotisp in gucd condition; fine
location; net jfearly rental en lone lease
rrsD.
LTMAK ALI.F.X. 2120 Center at., Berkeley.
NEW 5-room cot.a_*^*. paneled dining-room,
fireplace, porcelain bath, etc.; laundry with
! stationary v/ashstanCs, whits sink; modern
\ plurnbinjr all through: basement, etc.; one
; block ef station, either line; cars at door;
i for sale on payments less than rent; investi-
gate.
FRANCIS FfCRRISR, Real Estate and In-
surance. 2121 Shattuek ave., opp. BERKE-
LEY ststion.
$1400— PRETTY little fi-room cottage: hard
finished : fln<» well: garden: lot 50x150;
» ftreet complete; close to cars; very easy
I* terms. ' .
I $5CC0 — Elearant. buslners property: 2 store* and
6- room fl»t, barn and stable; adjacent to
K«y Route and S. P. station; now leased;
rrnt $fil* r*r annum.
C. C. EMKL1K. Ashby station, phone Stuart 7Cfl
FOR sale — New and nearly new houses from
i\SCO to $20,000; Jots from $250 to $7000; we
can 5»i! you a desirable lot ."'i blocks from
Pwlght-way station, xiie 40x130. for $700;
will build you a house to suit on «. payment
cf $500 down, balance monthly: b«for« buy-
ing, give us a rail and let u* show you our
extensive list. F. H. LAWTON & CO.. 2147
Center tt. '^
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRIITV.4LK REAL KSTATK.
CHAS. V, LEE. PHONE VALE I^«.
i OFFICK Vi BLOCK FROM FRUITV'ALE
i " .STATION.
| 1 HAVa OVKK 1OO IMPROVED AND UN-
IMPl'.OVEL) PROPERTIES KOR SALE; THE
FOLLOV.'ING ATX A FEW GOOD THINGS:
$675— .'1-roorn cottaice; Iot 502100: large oak
tre<>s and running ctrearn of water; beautiful
locution. - •; **
$750 — New, cozy S-room cottage; close to
local train; lot £3x105. :
, X1i.*<> — 4-room c-cttare;- close to school; nice
fruit tft** and flower*:- chicken yard; lot 50x
ICO.
$ir^0 — New 4-room ami bath cottage; lovely
location; high basement; nlc*ly fenced; lot 50x
: 11.1.81.
xio.'Ji — modr-rn 5-room and bath cottase; flne
pantry, . china closet and high basement; ¦
chickMi-house; nicely fenced: clow- to street
cars and local train; lot .15x115.
$1750— Up-to-date cottaec of 5 room*: hifth
buspnit-nt. «bath, pantry, Iarce closets and
laundry; fln# fruit trees nnU (lowers In great
abundance; larse lot, 7ten.'*».
)f250<: — A beautiful h(juse of 5 large rooma;
porcelain batn: Iarce pantry; flne barn;
chlek«n yard asd chiekon-houa.-; abundance of
fruit tree* and flowers: one of the loveliest
!iom*s in Frultvale: beautiful view of the
mountains and bay: close tu street cars and
line fichoo!: lot 50x170.
N. B. ANY OF THESE PROPERTIES
CAN UK nOUC.HT ON CASH PAYMENTS OF
FROM «100 TO $400 WITH SMALL MONTH-
LY PAYMENTS THEREAFTER.
?75 lot» in l!:s beautiful Rosa Lee Tract;
; fine soil; Kraml view; new homes rapidly going
i up; re. cold winds or vcet fo«r_i, and lots only
$75 each; $5 down, balance J2 50 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
"V\\ E. Rl'DELL.
Corner Frultvale ave. and Washington st.
DON'T THIS LOOK COOD TO YOU?
$1700— A house and lot that cannot be dupli-
cated In -Fruitvale for lera than $2500; 0 nice
rooms, bath, pantry, stationary washtubs, toi-
let and porch; near schooihouse and station;
terms, $250 cash, balance same as rent.
$2500— Here is another bargain; 2-story house
8 room*, bath, high basement, stationary wash-
trays, hot and cold water, good well, stable;
chicken houses and yards; fruit trees *nd vejre-
tables; corner lot. l:.5xl43; come and be con-
vinced *that this is a special bargain.
$1000 — House. 4 rooms; city water; nice gar-
den; some fruit trees; nmall bam; lot 65x103;
4 blocks from car line; no.ar school.
$1873 — New modern cottage, 4 rooms* lot
30x140; Fremont ave.; terms to sqlt purchaasr.
$1300— New Ik'Ufc. 3 extra larse rooms, basc-
mpnt floored suitable for occupancy; stationary
wa»htub», bathroom, gas und electric wire: lot
.17:0x123; Wheeler ave., bet. Putman and Rail-
road St.; terrr.B, $400 cash, balance same as
rent; U blocks from station.
$1250 — Cottage, 4' nice rocms; Uwn fruit
trres and flowers; cement walks; lot 37'6xlOO-
2 blocks from Fruitvale station; small payment
down, balance same as rcnt.
For rcnt— House. 7 rooms (Upper Frultvale) ¦
rent $10 per nionth.
w. e. rudell; real estate
COR. FRUITVALE AVK. -AND WASHING-
I TON ST.. FRUITVALE.
FOR SALE by KLROD .&"!-£ CL'L.
Located In our new office, .b»tw»en East 11th
st. and Washington St., oiv Fruitvale ar*
$1UCO— A i.tw 4-rootn cottage: well and pui'iip;
modern in even' reap^t: 2 blocks from car
Hue; UOSt to good Hchool.
$2250— A «<=w houno of 5 rooms. I acre of pood
¦ land: 3 block* from car Jlna and sooJ
school. "S
$1500—2 jtcres of flne land; superb marine view;
flne mountain view; only 4 blocks from
car line and school; best unimproved land
inFfultvale for a reaKona&Ir- price.
$7C0— Chicken reach ; 300 chickens, horse and
buggy, -cow. Incubator. broou'r-hotiEes,
' chicken-houjcs and yards; all necessary
tools Tor successful chicken ralsinsf. A 10-
room house, large Rimi and 5 acros of land
for r*nt for $10 per*mont!i on a lease for
as long as may be tl^Mred.
FOR RENT.
$27 50— A cottage of G rooms; modern in tvery
riepewt; close to car line and good school;
¦ ' large lot.
$11 — A 4-room/cottage: good location; .'! blocks
?:. from car line and urhc-ol; lari*^ lot. ¦
ELROD & H I'LL. U10 Fruitvale ave., 1>5
blocks from local station. . ,/ —I
. - SPECIAL
-FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
Tlie terminu* of 5-cent fare. Hay wards car*;
streets graded and graveled; atone sidewalks;
depct on tract: lot* from *5Q to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month: 15 blocks to local
train; I best ¦ located propt-rty on I San Leandro
roail: graded school on ti-Hct. -Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
SATHER Tract, nes.r Fruitvale; terminus of
the new fast electrlo train, senice to S. t>\ ;
this beautiful property .ins been subdivided
and many ; cottages : are " now being • erected ;
lots $250 and up; 'terms to please you: will
build your «£"*L'T ", nd ,'* eU sacl " as rc nt. L.
L. M. _5ALSB!.RY, Fiuitvale ave.. near P. O.
exclusive agents for father helM. "
FRUITVALE cpttage for $2250; .1 blocks from
. Frultvale station; choice location; large lot-
cement -wilk.*; east front: a. very pretty home;
$..00 - down.' balance same as rent. . . j?ee
GRAYSON OWEN- CO.. Wholesale Butchers
4,'8 Eighth! St.". Oakland. ' ,
FOR sale— To ',' close estate, > hou*» ; of .eight
- room«, b«rn and windmill; one acre .of land
- or- Ick«:- ateo other ; lots In cood location.
Owner. 11&5 Twenty-seventh {:vs.. .Frultvale.
FKUITVALE ADV'ET'S'M'NTS
FnUITVAXE KEALE8TATB.
} ' — — —
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
REAL ESTATE
AND .
. MONEY TO LOA-K.
BELOW WILL BE FOUND A PARTIAL
LIST OF PROPERTY WHICH IS OFFERED
FOR SALE BY THIS COMPA-NY.
•' *
. $2275. .
Secures a most complete cottage home with-
iu one block of Dewey School; fruit tree* and
' flna garden; an Ideal Frultvale home; lot
37:6x125; never offered for sale before.
. $2250.
New 6-room house, two blocks broad-gaug*
local to city, fronting on Putn_un *t.. Frult-
vale; this is offered at less than Its value;
[ terms can be arranged to suit purchaser.
| $2250.
Here Is a flne house, near bu-oad-xauge train;
5 rooms; cove ceiling and open plumbing; e^sy
terms; call and look at property before buying.
. $2100.
New 5-room house, with all modern Improve-
ments; four blocks from local; corner lot; se«
us about it.
$L200.
Three-room cottage; hlsrh basement; large
: lot, lWwllO; chicken house; Glen ave., Allen-
dale Tract.
91450.
This is a nice 3-room cottag*. with floor in
basement; convenient to street cars and broad-
gauge train to the city; let Us show this to you.
) ' . $2200.
If you are looking for a large house and
grounds let us show you this beautiful house,
j k-cated on Merrill ave., 7 rooms, with all moa-
cin improvements.
BUSINESS LOTS FOR SALE.
TEN BUSINEfc*S LOTS NEAR FRUITVALE
STATION FOR SALE, CASH OR INSTALL-
$1100.
Good building, with flne lot, close to Frult-
vale station, for sale.
Large lot with building for manufacturing
purposes, close to station, for sale at a groat
bargain; small payment down.
?C0O.
Lot closs to Fruitvale station for business
purpo^s; price very reasonable.
$150 TO $200.
About 190 lots still remain unsold in ihe
H<-mphill Tract, fronting on San Lsandro road,
three blocks beyond Hlirh st.; half of -this tract
h&8 already been eold and the demand en ac-
count of low pnroa Is Increasing tvery day;
each or Installment.
$300.
Very desirable lot fronting on Putnam St..
four blocks from local train; surrounded by
; fine houses and the only lot left in the blocK
for sale; this Is a desirable piece of property
| and reasonable tn i>rtce.
- f 250 BACH.
Fifteen lota In the Qulsley Tract for sale;
eIzc of -lots 50x135 each.
$250.
i Eighteen lots within four blocks of the sta-
tion fur sale; 25x165; will sell one lot with a
; pi.vilere.
$..50 TO $300.
75 lots, situated on eld county road and
fronting on High st. : the*e are desirable luts
and in a very excellent he'.ghborhocd.
¦ -¦
RANCH PROPERTY FOR SALE.
_________
Fifty acres of rolling land, with beautiful
trees, v/ithln one mile of depot; hns been sub-
divided Into from one to five acre tracts; thlk
, H rolling land and the most picturesque t.iot
| in and about Frultvale.
! ?15,C00.
{ Thirteen acres qf land in the highest cultl-
i vatlon: 7-room hou^e, '£ barns, 5000-gallon tank,
; 8 acres In best variety of cherries; 5 acre3 open
i lend; within short distance from the town of
San Lsandro: n«ts 10 uer cent over and above
I expsntea Dtr annum; this Is an Ideal home
! for any one.
I ¦ -~~- — -
f _ ~— __ _
i '
I i - •
i - . . **¦'
i FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR HOUSE
I IN OAKLAND OR FRUITVALE. -TGO ACRES
OF FINE LAND. 7-ROOM HOUSE; GLENN
COUNTY: NEAR TOWN. .
$16,000.
ifO ACRES OF LAND IN THE FOOTHILLS
FOR SALE: WE RECOMMEND THIS AS A
FIRST-CLASS INVESTMENT TO OUR CUS-
TOMERS—WITH IMPROVEMENTS NOW
CONTEMPLATED. WHICH WILL BE IN
THE NEIGHBORHOOD OF THIS LAND. IT
MUST SURELY DOUBLE IN VALUE.
< ,fUCO.
25 acre* clear; close to town; flrst-clas* land;
all fenced-. Glenn County; see us before buying.
Rar-ch of 1S.500 acre?, within 100 miles of
San Francisco, for sain; all first-class land,
suitable fur subdivision Into small tracts; .uii.
road etation and navigable river on one _!dc;
nil! stand fullest tnvesti<ratlon.
IT REPRESENTS AN APPARENT PROFIT
OF ONE MILLION DOLLARS TO THE MAN
i WHO WILL SUBDIVIDE IT.
! / VnUITVALT. AniOINS THE CITY LIMITS
or o.ucijA.vd. *"e are in thr coun-
try. YBT-WK HAVE THE ADVANTAGES
Ol' TUT; CITY— WATER. GAS. -ELECTRIC-
ITY. HKWETtS. STREET CARS, GRADED
SCHOOLS. ETC.
HU-CDREnS OF BAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
JSTKSS PEOPLE LIVE TN FRUITVALE. THE
TIME REQUIRED TO MAKE THE TRIP
IS 55 MINUTES, AND THE FARE IS ONLY
6 CENTS. ¦
TO REACH FRUITVALE TAKE THE
BKOAD-OAUOE FERRY AT THE FOOT OF
MARKET HT.. S. F.. OAKLAND LOCJVL.
AND GET OFF. AT ITIUITV'ALE STATION
(LAST STOP).
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
r Corner Basiett and Putnam st*.. -
Frultvale. Cal.
BEBKKLEY ADVERT 5 S'M'NTS.
BEHKBLEY KKAL BSTATB.
W. R. ELLIS A CO..
2160 SHATTUCK AVE.. PHONE NORTH 92.
BERKELEY'S FUTURE BRIGHTENS
EVERY DAY: COME AND SEE WITH YOUK
OWN EYES THAT THE HALF HAS NOT
BEEN TOLD: THIS IS THE QUEEN HOMR
CITY OF THE WEST: IT IS EVERYTHING
YOU WANT AS A PLACE IX WHICH CHIL-
DREN CAN BE RAISED IN PHYSICAL.
J1OHAL AND MENTAL STRENOTH: NO
SALOONS IN BERKELEY PROPER; EVERY
LOT UNDER THE MILE LIMIT LAW IS
WORTH DOUBLE FOR THAT REASON;
READ THESE BARQAINB CAREFULLY.
$5000— A- mibstantiftl S-room house; attic; high
basement: large iot, facing south, in
' Daley Scenic Park: 300 ft. above eea
lev«.l; beautiful marine and hill view;
elegant lawns and flower garden; an ar- -
tistic home, built for owner, who haa
urgent reason* for maklnr quick sale;
hence the low price.
$-.659— A pretty cottage on an elegant lot 60x
135 ft.; thr«e blocks from Berkeley -Sta-
tion; high basement; porcelain bath;
Ir.undry below; stable and driveway:
beautiful lawns and flawer garden; ex-
cellent *urroundlngii; owner must have
money at once; this la no hot air «tory;
will take you stral-cht to him and to
the crooerty; that Is our way of doing
business; this nlace will rent for $25 per
month net; it muit be sold; do not lose
any tlme'lf ycu are looking for a bar-
gain.
$S500— Between two and three , acres, with
guod 8-room house and Improvements and
vprchard; In the famous Claremont dis-
trict, this is the best thine on tlie mar-
ket or tbe money anywhere east of Col-
lese ave.; the Key Route Is building
within a stone's throw of thl* ground;
this ProTKiBttion offero you a chance to
double and treble your money within a
y«ar; all fvn ask is that you investigate.
i Here are a few special bargains in lots:
ww — Eatt Telegraph ave.; south iront, 40x135
feet.
$SCO— In famous Whteler Tract, C0xl33; a
view that will make your blood flow vrith
enthusiasm.
$1750 — A maxniflcrnt corner in Berry-Bangs
tract; beautiful *haJe trees upon it. al&\>
fruit trees.
Write us for mar* and Information a'bout'
Berkeley. Our carriages are at thfl disposal of
Intenfllufl: buyers.
ONLY JICOO— A pretty little house of 4 rooms;
lot oCxlC2; near school house and electric
car line: a perfect po«m. • »
$2000 — On tlie sunny side of street: only a few
minutes' walk from the Key Rcute; a cozy
cottase of 6 rooms; lot 5Oxl35;' a bargain.
Only $750— A flne corner in the moet fashion-
able part of town; 78 feet frontage; owner
offers at this low j rice because be is anxious
to sell.
Only $1500— A flne lot. 77x250; only one blo;k
frcm car line.
$4<X>O — A new 7-room house; all modern lm-
r.rovement!<: lot V3 feet frontage; nc?.r Key
Route station.
$1200— Fine new house of S roorcs (4 be1-
roomtO on a very *unny corner; very con-
veniently situated; lot tiOxOO.
I Now buildlnK. a very pretty bungalow near
j the hills; will be ready in 30 days.
$0fiCO— A very pretty Swiss chaUt on a flne
corner in the Berry- Uangs Tract; a lovely
heme.
Ju «, l^ h^. rI * e * lo r "'* e chickens: a flne level
210x100. with a flne view of the bay; only
$750.
Houses and lets In all parts of town.
JOS. J. MASON. RKAL ESTATE.
_ Centtr and Shattuek aves.
! C2«>0— HALF block by the SanTa Kel S5o
month.
• $l«0u— New cvttar*,. ft roorcs. bath, pantry,
; city water, sanitary plumbing; lot bCxluo; one
: Mock rrom electric cars; 5150 down, *25
: monthly.
' $SJt>— Neat cottage. 5 rooms and bath; near
; station of local train.
I ?3C0— Lot 5UX1.M. on broad macadamized
| ftroet; ?.">o down, *10 monthly; interest G per
cent net. • . , ;
(12uo — Hou^e. 4 rooms, garden, etc.; $13O
down. T10 i*r month.
$1850— Houjtf. « rcims end Uith; lot 60x130;
small barn; ntr<*»t sewered.
$12;>0— l>uslneft-> corner en principal avenue-
lot eoxlOO.
$i:«Kr— Lot for factory »fte. 221x123
«^M>— Trtangle lot. 4(.>xl2(», with crtek lined
Tilth willnws; J25 down. $10 month.
Jlluo — House. 4 rooms; lot 47xl2T>; $100
down, *15 n*r month.
! ?S75 — Bu«in«sf lot, 2i>t.75: $20 down.
i ?25O — Lot. NixlCC: ?2."> down. $5 month.
CHARLES A. QAIZ.BT.
105G University ave.. nr. San Pablo ave .
| _ West Berkeley.
P4 FEW OF TIfn BEST BUYS FUOM MY
EXTENSIVE LIST.
tlZ-GO — Cottase of 5" rooms, bath; stable; lot
SOxlOu; above Telisraph ave.; ea*y
terms.
$210-3 — C"ott*K < » of 5 rooniB, bath; basement;
J let 5o\141; etr<K:t sewer-d and graded;
! above Telegraph uve.; $500 cash.
j 53150— New 2-story hi>u«e. ti large rooms;
finely finished; gas throuchuut; lot 40x
; 113: choice reslcitace strett; close to
i Aehby.
j $2750 — 2-atory colonial hcruse; « eood rooms,
• t 8 - 111 ' etc -: Improved street; cloee in.
540OO — Grand new residence; 7 large rooms;
j , reception hall; larje closets and com-
plete in all details; CO-foot lot; 2 niln-
; • ute* from sution; both routes.
; $5_r.0~.Iunt comjjlettid; elegniu home in bon-
ttn stctiun; east o. Teierraph ave.; 7
large rooms; i-eceition hall; fina ap-
: i-.'Ir.!niern« and luiish; lot 45x150.
| H. L>. IRWIN,
I Open Sundays. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
| CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY
PHONE DliRBY St,
2119 CKNTKU ST., HKKKELEY. CAL
; improved Pi.oPEitry.
j $2*00 — N»;w cottaier; 5 roorae, reception hall
and bath; basement 8 feet high; bcth city arid
i well water; everything up to date; terms, $^0o
; down, balance to suit.
I ftlGU) — Htre Is a chance, for you to secure a
j fln* lot; ntw houses built on lots each eide of
! it; lot Is on wen side of Grove st., south of
' Addison; sidewalk Is laid; only two block*
from Key Route, S. P. and Telegraph-avenue
carr; s-ize 40x121.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
2149 CENTER ST.. BERKELEY.
MORTIMER'S buildinr sites. ~
$500 — Fine CO-/oot lot en Hearst ave.
$750 — Splendid lot on Louisa st.
$1300 — Sightly lot in Scenic Park, near Col-
leg*.
flSCO — Fine corner let In the Berry-Bans*
1 Tract; CO-foot front.
i f-050 — Sec this; corner Russell . and Fulton;
i 51x135; s. enar.
[ W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
; 2123 Center *t., Berkeley.
' JU8TER & BAIRD.
AN EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOP.
ANY ONE TO SECURE A BEAUTIFUL
HOME AT A BARGAIN.
?4000.
Elegant R-room house, modern In every re-
spect. Including two toilets, porcelain bath,
stationary tubs. etc. : large Krounds. 100x1.15,
including stable; good Burden: plenty of flow-
trs; only one blick from the car line and easy
distance from the Key Route* For terms and
further particulars apply to
J USTER & • BA I RD, . 21 37 SHATTUCK AVE.
AN OPPORTUNITY. ~
" Nearly n»w cottage of B large rooms, viz.:
! Rectption and dining room, tiollshed floors,
j marble fireitlnrc. 2 bedrooms, bath, kitchen.
I ptntrjr, etc.: gas throughout; high basement
with stationary tubs snd photographic datlj-
ro-.m; let 10x122:0; etr.'et work and c*mcnt Blde-
! walks; on Grove Et., one- minute from Ashby
*tatior.. f25C0; easy terms. Sole agent.
H. I). IRWIN. Lorin Station. Berkeley; open
Kuridays.
80 x 123 — $1COC — SO x 120.
Central ave. Golden Gate;. only one-third earn
to responsible party. Write owner, box 115U«
Call offlce, Oakland, cr see agents,
• S. M. DODOE & SON.
•1100 Broadway, Oakland; phone Lake 36.
$150— ELEGANT lot. 50x135, two blocks from
csr line. .
$1475— Sightly lot in Berry-Bangs Tract; flne
vl»w: street work done.
$1050 — 35-ft. lot on- Dana, near Dwlght; all
work dene; just the pUce to build for Invest-
ment.
$2500 — New 8-room house, facing south; con-
venient. -.
$1250 — Cozy 4-rcom cottage in good side of
town: easy term?.
CHKXEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block, Berkeley.
T, BERKELEY BARGAINS. ~"~~
' 10-room house; near Key route, east of Shat-
tuck; lot 50x135;. $3750.
t$ acres, heart of Berkeley, with ' Improve*
ments; $7000.
A business for rale st a Rnan.
. J. P. HALK.
I 1311 Shattuck ave., 2515 Shattuek ave..
North Berkeley. . D wight way. "
-Phone Mason 732. . Phone Derby, 1022,
A SPECIAL FOn THIS .-¦' WEEK.' -.
*«C00 Vew 8-room house, large lot,- near car
1'ne, school*, churche*: $500 cash, balance
$^5 per month: street work complete.
. MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuek ave.. Berkeley. !
M. P. W. ALBEE. UEAL ESTATE— Large
llrt home*, residence lots and business prop-
orty; alw> choice. Investment property, pay-
Ing « tolO per cent net; lowest price*. and
» satisfaction suarunteed. 2130 Center st.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
<fKUITVALM KKAL KSTATE.
i H. A. PLE1TNEU. Fruitvale Station, Cal. -
I $_»3(p — Very nsat oottnse of 4 ru«5tns. pantn'.
closers, porch, etc.; barn, fruit treesv v«v»
ri»ty Of berrlee. etc.: lot CfixlOS; close to
car line; very «ney terms; this Is a snap.
$11CO — Fine cottage of 4 rooms and high base-
rpent; 2 blocks from Twenty-third ave.
st*.tton: strwt work all complete: small
susn down, ba'.snct on easy payments.
$I4(X>— Bay-window tottage of 4 rooms, hall,
bath, l.*«<ment tloorcd: fruit trees, b^rn.
c:ikH?n-h.-.j«es, etc.; only half block from
Kr>J.tvne-ave. rar line; lot 3Sxl14; about
4300 down, lialr.rice «15 p*r'monlh.
flCCC — Vf'v ctitt-JEre i-f 4 nKJEis. all medern: lot
r.GxlOc; - hlookrt from Frultvjlp *tation:
. terms, $130 ca^h down, 'balance same ai
r.-nt.
?Kr,O—Hrh<»t!fii: <-dJUk« of 5 rooms; magnin-
pf-nt vi«w; flne garden .«oll: fruit tree* and
httrlrf. lot ,V)vl44; 2 blocks frr.ni l=*rult-
v»!»-ave. car line: very easy terms.
Jlt,%0 s.xrra rnodern house of B room*.
bnlh". mar.t«l'. etc.: fruit tre<s^. choice
flowors. ' elr. ; 1 block from Twenty-tbird-
ave. ctr line and v.lth'.u walking «!l6tanc«
to local .-tailor.; must be sold; terms to
fcUlt.. "
$1800 — New, modem cottase of 5 rooms and
reception hall, folding doors, electric w!re«.
etc;.; lot 30x100; 1 block from local Fruit-
vale station.
$1875 — Nice nous* of 6 rooms, bath. hall, sta-
tionary tubs; barn; fruit trees, etc.; every-
' thing in good condition: let S3xt40; on
East Sixteenth »t.. East Oakland; on easy
payments If deslr*d.
$1C3O— New cottage of 4 large rooms; strictly
modern; high and dry basement, cement
walks;, street work complete: $150 cash
down balance on your own terms.
$_S00— Very fine cottage of 4 rooms, hall, bath;
fruit trees, berry vln«s. summer-hous*.
etc.;,lot 70x114: half block from Frultvale-
ave. car line.
$D5C0— Bungalow cottage of 5 rooms: new and
attractive: lot 6O.-13O; choice part of
Frultvale. • . .
$.V.C0 — Two-story hcuse of S rooms; strictly
modern: large lot; fine neighborhood; a
grant. i>!ace.
Good chance to buy S choice lots In a very
handsome location; streets all wwered;
' $140 per lot. -
Also, acreage in Fruitvale and vicinity: $.>CO
per acre and upward.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvala Station. Cal.
II. BAUKilEYER. 1206 Fruitvale *ve..
Near Frultvale Station. Cal.
$750—100 cafh. balance $8. per month; good.
sub<tantUl house of 5 rooms and bath, hard
finished; city water:, lot 40x132:6; flne shrub-
bery and fruit tree* In beariiiK: small barn
and chicken-houee; 2 blocks from car line;
near Elmhurnt.
$«*>— Cosy ccttage of 2 large rooms, hard fln-
if-hed; chkken-houses; lot 100x150; 2 block*
from car line; easy terms.
$100 cash, balance $13 p*r month; modern
hay-window cottage of. 4 rooms and batb. high
basement: lot 37:6x122. with alley In rear;
abundance of flowers and fruit trees in bear-
ing: near school and local train; price all told.
j|eOO^-$100 ca3h. balance $20 50 per month;
cottage of 5 rooms and bath, mantel and flre-
»*la.'e sliding doors, pantry, closets, etc.. high
basement; lot 35xlC0; one block from Frutt.vale
station, j
$2500 — Fine country home on tnacadamize<i
road: cottage of 4 rooms, bathroom, pantry and
closets, all In first-class condition; hiKh base-
ment: large lot. &4x3»0. fenced and cross-
fenced; abundance of flowers and fruit tree*
in bearing; 0 chicken-houses and stnall barn;
city water; worth investigating.
$ot00— 4 1-:: acres of flne veg«table land;
about Hi aorts in bearing orchard and small
fruits: good hard finished house of 5' rooms;
large barn and chicken-houses: good well, etc.;
4 Mocks from car line; no reascnable offer re-
fusfd.-as owner ir forced to seil. Kor particu-
lars apply to H. BARKMEYER. 1209 Frultvale
ave.. Fruitvale Cal. ; tel. Block 638.
H. W. DAVIS— KEAL ESTATE.
House* built on easy payments; plan* and
estimates . furnished.
$325 — A cholc- corner lot. 55xl2S. near Fruit-
val» are.: a beautiful view; «»wer work don«
en both streets: gas. electric lights; city
¦water; easy nayments.
$400— A hn* lot. 50-foot frontare. close to
Frultvale ave.: all conveniences; a bargain;
ea?y wrms.
$2V) r.«r lot In Deertnu Tract: riirht on top
of the hill: the most beautiful view In Frult-
val«: only fuur lots left.
$225 — Fine !#ve! lots. 35x115. on rnecadam-
lierf street: hRif block from tlectrlc cars and
Close to S. K. locnl trains.
H. W. DAVIS, exclusive agent.
1210 Fr-itvale ave.. near Frultvale fetation.
$3.V)0— A REAUTIKUL home In Fruitvale;
''large crounda. fruit trees,- flowers, etc.:
r^lanre rooms and rath: .all modern: open
rlnirobirtK: H block to cars: 3 blocks to. local
train*; mo« be seen to be arDreclatfd: easy
terms. Ov/ner. box 1155, Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADYTSM'NTS.
" OFFICE, HIS BBOADWAY. -
OAKLAND REAL KSTATE.
K13ALTY. 3OXD3 AND FINANCE CO.. INC.
1172 Broadway, cur. 14th, Oakland, Cal.
HENRY BUTTERS, Fres.: JOHN BRITTON,
First Vice Pres.; ANSON BLAKE,
Second Vice Pres. «
UEAL ESTATE— INSURANCE.
$3500.
Market-et home of »• rooms and bath; n^ar
Key Route; Ju?t ccmDleted and has every
modern convenience; well built aJid nicaiy
flnlahed; urras; s-a us about t'.:l«! -
x$--:73oT
Fins home on crosa street, clcae to Telssrar'h
ave.; new and modern and contalr.s 7 rooma
and bath; must be sold; owner leaving town;'
srood alzed lot on tunny sI>_U oC the sti-eet;
t«rnrs.
$;rj5o.
New 7-roo_n hcuse, r.car Telctrraph ave.;
roomy and cor.vsnien;: best plumbing, flnish.
etc.;. near cars; lot us chow thu to you.
¦jl.1000.
Nice 5-rcom rot takf» on 34th st. : this is a
wjll-bullt huuse. nearly new. and has a Sne \
lurnacTe in tha baeenieft; terms. j
' iiwoT !
Bargain in new housa cf 6 rooms and bath:
just bslnr finished: on 'vest side of Wtst at.:
In rooi location; well built and very con- '
venlent.
$2.i«. /:¦ ¦¦»¦¦.' :\ -7;
Good buy on 14th St.; K-room house; stable;
on north side; In locality for cars and
trains; s»e thl?; it most be sold.
«EAL ESTATE.
ViSUUANCE.
REALTT, BON T DS AND FINANCE CO.. INC.
1172 Broadway, Cor. 14th St.,
Oakland, Cal.
KKLDEN'S BARCAINS.
510SO— An elegant elevated site for * home;
s«e thct choloe lot. 40x11.'.. la beautiful Coll»s?
Heights. .-.4th and Webstar sts.
$44t'O— Prttty S-room home ia Linda Vista;
all new and lot 37xllfi.
S-")C5 and $32 50 monthly — Hand&ome new 7-
room houne. now being completed, on lot 33:tx
100; on Sycamore «t.. near Telegraph ave:; In
the beautiful Merrell property; to be finished
In curly redwood, whltewood and blrdseye ma-
rl'', with tiled bathroom; electric service ami
everything up to date and price low enough to
Burptixe you.
$3250— Nice 7-room cottage and lot. 41x123.
on V'lltxjrt st.. near 15hh.
. $.".10t> — 1 1 per cent Income Investment an<I
good speculation: flne flats with 59-foot iot:
splendidly located: near San Pablo ave.: In
rapidly advancing district; rent $27 and can be
Increased; might consider good lot in part pay-
ment.
*1 j'jo — Executor'* «.'<«: pcotf 6-room co;ta<r«
end lot. 28xll.\ en Chestnut st.. near 10th:
¦worth J2CC0 easy.
$25f.O each — Only 2 more Uft of tho*e Jon#«
•state cottar e» on Jon*« St.. bet. Telegraph
ave. and Grove st-: right in heart cf city; 0
rooms and bath: lots ;:ftxion. and the beat bar-
rains ever offered. BELDEN. real estate, 1112
Broadway. Oakland.
HOLCOMB BREED A BANCROFT (Inc.). •
teeO BROADWAY. OAKLAND
$3C0— First- c!a*fc com«r:. lot .".0x110; E. IDth
st.. near ICth av*. : bar^^ln.
$J25fj — Two flat3 of 4 room* and bath ea<-h:
to»rr flat neatly furnished: close to
school*, car*, church and local trains; an
absolute bargain. ,
JCSOOf- $3300.
An elegant colonial house of 7 roomis.
porcelain bath: open- plumbing: latest
modern ideas tor comfort: fine location:
clrso to schools, cars and SanU Fe crcas-
\tewn rcux*: terras $ic<>i ca«h. balance on
* - caiy pay«n«nt»: rou«t be tesn to apsre-
' . date proptrty. .
HOLCOMB. BRUED & BANCROFT fine).
, 106O BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAlT^
X3CO CASK- buy*: balance payable after 5
years; a w«ll-built new house, 6 large rooms,
.. bath.* etc.; everything: complete and uj» tu
-date; lot ."MxlOO; excellent location; h.;h
. and rear, church, school, stores, bank, street
cars, ;Key\ TlotUe and Santa Fe stations;
now ppen for inspection. 8H7 r.7th st.^ Oak-
land: take Key Route from £an - Fr&l.?l3co.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, MAY S, 190*.
44
CBTTJBCH SERVICES — Continued.
FIRST Presbyterian Church. -Van Ness ave.
I and Sacramento st. — Rev. William Kirk
j- Outhrle, pastor. Morning service. 11 o'clock.
Sermon by Rev. L. M. Hartley. D.D.. State
superintendent Anti-Saloon League. Evening
service 7:45 o'clock. Sermon by Rev. W.
K. Guthrie; subject. "The Nineteenth Cen-
tury Apostle. Rev. Mr. Ralnsford, D.D. Sab-
bath school 0:40 a. m. Christian Endeavor,
5:."tO p. m., 6:30 p. m. Wednesday. 8 p. m.,
'annual meeting of 'church and congregation.
Friday, 8 p. m., monthly meeting of the
Men's Club. Mr. C. A.-Westonberg will lec-
ture on "Mexico— The City and Out-of-the-
way Places." splendidly Illustrated. All are
cordially Invited.
; CALVARY Presbyterian Church, comer Jack-
son and Flllmore sts.— Rev. John HemphllL,
D. D., pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
Evening service at 7:45 o'clock. Rev. John
S. Macintosh. D. D., will preach at both
services. Sabbath school at 8:30 a. m..
¦ orchestral music. Christian Endeavor meet-
Ing at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednes-
day evening at 8 o'clock. All are cordially
invited. . •
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan ets. —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor, will- preach at
11 a m. on "Grace and Gladness" and at
7:45 p. m. on "Why W« Are Not Unbe-
lievers." Sunday school at 12:30 p. m.. C. j
B. Perkins, superintendent Epworth League
| at 6:45 p. m. Dr. R. O. Moody, president.
! The public cordially Invited to all the- 6erv-
I lets of this church.
CENTRAL M. E. Church, Mission st. between
Sixth and Seventh— The pastor. Dr. George
W. White, will preach at both i services to- :
day. Sunday school at 12:45. Rolla V.. Watt
superintendent Young People's meeting at
6:15. Evening service commences at 7:30.
Seats free. All welcome. Excellent music
by chorus choir.
| TRINITY Church, Bush , and Gough sts.—
i Rev. Frederick W. Clampett D. D., rector.
Holy communion, 7:30 a. m. Sunday-school,
9:30 a. m. Morning servtoe, 11 o'clock.
Evening service, 8 otclock. The rector wiU
officiate at both services. You are heartily
Invited. _^
FIRST Baptist Church. 820 Eddy st.— Rev. B:
L. Whitman, D.D.. of Philadelphia will
preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Blbl«
school 12:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor So-
cieties meet at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday, 7:45 p. m. All welcome. Seats
free.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter St.. bet Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
subject of lesson-sermon. "Mortals and Im-
mortals." Sunday-school for children at tho
(tame hour; Wednesday evening meeting at 8
o'clock: free readlnr-room, 206 Kearny St.,
rooms 500-510; all are welccome.
CHURCH of the New Thought — Services In
Odd Fellows* Hall. cor. Seventh and. Market
sts.. every Sunday night Rev. Henry Victor
Morgan will speak this evening; subject.
"How to Make Life Worth Living." All
persons Interested in attaining health and
happiness Invited to attend these services.
BENJAMIN WHEELER WARD, evangelist
from Boston, will preach In the Jerry Mc-
Auley Mission. 824 Howard 'st. this after-
noon at 3 o'clock. Subject. "The Second
Coming of Our Lord." Evening subject,
"The Brazen Serpent" Tuesday evening
Mr. Ward will answer questions. Wednesday,
Thursday and Friday evenings addresses on
"How to Study the Bible." Don't miss
these meetings. All earnestly Invited.
THE First Progressive Spiritual Church held
Its annual meeting April 30 last past for
the election of new officers for the coming
year: W. G. Kergan, pres.; Mrs. McKee,
v. pres.; Mrs. Edouard. 2d v. pres.; Mrs.
Fleming, treae. ; R. E. Edouard, sec. Direc-
tors: Pres.. 1st and 2d v. pres.; trustees:
Mrs. Campbell. John Walker, R. Edouard,
- Mrs. Gardner.
THE Theosophical Society— Col. H. S. Olcott.
president-founder; headquarters. Academy, of
Sciences building; White Lotus day exercises;
music, reading, short addresses; ' 8 p. m.
Lotus Group. 11 a. m. Study class, Thurs-
day, 2:30 p. m.
IN Fraternal Hall. Alcazar building. O'Farrell
st, Charles T. Russell, the eminent divine
of the Bible House. Allegheny. Pa., and au-
thor of "Millennial Dawn." will lecture
Thursday at 7:30 p. m.. May 12. All ln-
; vlted. Seats free. No collection.
YOUNG Men's Christian Association — Meeting
for men only at 3 o'clock to-day In the au-
ditorium. Robaon's orchestra will play and
Miss Emma Vasconsellor will sing. Ad-
I dress by Henry Wilson Davis.
; REV. DR. CARRADINE, holiness evangelist,
will hold a series of meetings at Penlel Mis-
sion Hall. 49 Third st. (entrance on Stevenson
St.). May 6-16. Services 2:30 and 7:30 p. m.
I SPECIAL gospel address this Sunday evening
! in the hall at 17 City Hall square, near
j Market st. at 7:45; H. A. Ironside, evange-
j list; seats free; all welcome.
I GOLDEN Gate Lodge. T. S.. No. 5. Odd Fel-
lows" building — "White LotUR Day." In mem-
ory of the late Madam H. B. Blavatsky, at
8 p. in.
| MEETI.1CS SCXDAY. _^
ATTENTION— PROF. FRED EVANS, the
world-famous psychic for clairvoyance, siate
writing, etc.. can be consulted dally on all
important subjects, business, social or spirit-
ual; office 1112 Eddy st. near Octavla: hours
10 to 4: other hours by appointment; Inter-
views $3; development of mediumship a spe-
cialty; why waste time and money consulting
cheap, unreliable, undeveloped psychics In
questionable quarters, when you can witness
convincing, reliable phenomena under condi-
tions that permit of your mothers, wives and
children investigating the same with conn- j
dence and respectability? Call or send stamp
for circular containing testimonials from the
leading Investigators, a* well as occult and
spiritual societies of the world.
| MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. * clairvoyant, trance
business medium and life reader; will give
mesf ages from your friends <
This Evening,
223 Sutter st. Elks* Hall. '
Sittings daily. Hotel Netherland. 18 Turk
st.. near Market, room 17.
ALL skeptics invited to witness Mme. Young's
genuine spirit messages to-night, 10c; read-
Ings daily. 619 McAllister st.
MRS. STODDARD'S seances, 10c; each nhould
hear from some friend; Sun.-Tues. 278 Oth.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 333 McAllister; tests every
eve., 10c; read, dally; Mrs. C. J. Meyer; others.
! W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
I except Sat: 10c; nit. 10 to 6. 148 Sixth st.
MME. VIGARS. spiritual test meeting to-
nlght. 10c; sittings dally, 50c. 148 Sixth st.
MRS. EBERHARDT. tests to-night 10c; read-
ings dally. 3250 22d, bet. Val. and Mission.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle evenings; to-night.
10c; prophetic readings, 60c. $1. 148 Sixth.
MME. LUCRETIA. spirit medium; circles
every evening, 10c. 148 Sixth 8t, room 1.
TESTS. 909 Market, front hall, 2-8 Wilson, 8
: Mme. von Walt, Hafgrave. Cowan, 10c.
j EARLE. 1052 Ellis~st! ¦
j SPWPAY LECTURES.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN' S free lecture this
evening. Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 809
Market st; subject. "The Brain and Its
Functions," followed by views of a visit to
Rome: free tickets will be distributed for
X-Ray exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday
evening. Remember the question box; spe-
cial music.
O. N. ORLOW. lecture this (Sunday) evening
In Golden Gate Hall (upper). 629 Sutter st.
At 8 o'clock, with th<_> subject presenting,
I "The Fundamental Law of Co-operation "
i Instrumental and vocal solos. Admission free.
| PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to-night Odd
I Fellows' building. 8eventh and Market — Mrs.
R. S. Lillle's last address before going East
I for vacation and the Eastern camp meeting.
CHARLES M. MATCHETT, first candidate
for President on the Socialist ticket will
. lecture on Thursday. 8 p. m., at Turk-st
. Temple. 117 Turk st; free.
SARAH J. WATKIN8, Church of the New
Thought lectures Sunday at 11 a. m., G-oIdan
Gate Hall. "Tbe Right Use of the Imagina-
tion."- Free.
HEART to heart talk .with women only Wed-
nesday. 2:15, 1015 Sutter St.; subject, "Pre-
natal Influence," by Dr. Northlngton.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Lodge- No. 166. F. and m
A. M. — Officers and members are re- vv
spectfully requested to assemble at /^ft
- the Masonic Temple. • MONDAY, ~
May 9. at 1 :30 p. m., to attend the funeral
of our late brother, -. EMERY PEASE
GATES. By order of the W. M.-
." '. .. H. J. OWEN. Secy. .
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. ._»~v^. ¦*
F. — Regular- meeting MONDAY -£__¦«£$_
EVENING, May 9. Something of^Ss— _~_»
' special interest under good ot-'-^OfKv^.'.
the order. ¦ Members please attend. Visiting
. brothers cordially Invited." 5-'v*SK__*»3in
N. F. MACPHEE, N. G.
H. A. BAILY, R. S. ;, / -J.-
DINNA forget— The ' thirty-eighth v. CT \i
annual gathering and games of the 5Si i— t_7/>
Caledonian Club will be . held at *W'
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, on
MONDAY. May 30. Splendid programme of
sports and dances. , .
ANNUAL meeting Mediums' Protective Asso-
ciation SATURDAY EVENING, May 14,
- room 110, ¦ 305 Larkin st * i
r MERTI\G XOTICES—Contlnned.
F. O. E.— S AN FRANCISCO Aerie No. 5.- -
, The officers, and members are hereby, notified
I to attend . the funeral »of our late brothev.
j WILLIAM F. DASH A. from Eagles' Hall,
j 731 Market st. MONDAY, May 0. at U
o'clock. By order
J. A. BASSITY, W. Pres.
. GUS POHLMANN. W. Sec. ¦
MODERN Woodmen of America. Goodfellow-
shlp Camp 9633 M. W. of A., meets every
MONDAY NIGHT at Fraternity Hall. 909
Market st, San Francisco.
W. H. EDWARDS. V. C.
I - W. J. ELLIOTT Clerk. Office room 627.
Emma Spreckela building.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived • application to mine by hydraulic pro-'
cess from Vaclnda Mining Company ! In Va-
. cinda mine, near Indian Diggings, El Dorado
County. Cal., draining into Cedar Creek,
which reaches Cosumnes River, gives notice,
that meeting will be held at room 06 Flood
building. San Francisco, Cal., May 23, 1904,
at 1:30 p. m. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper/for mailing. $1 per year.
APOPTIO".
WANTED— Flrst-class Jewish family to adopt
a very pretty, healthy baby boy. DR.
EMILIE FUNKE. Maternity Villa, 1416
Eighth st. Alameda. —
!.; AGENTS WANTED.
DO you want work? Ladles or gentlemen; no
canvassing or soliciting; no time from regu-
lar occupation; no one need know you are
my representative; no jnon#y, outfit or ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable work can be done home; for in-
formation, address J. W KIDD, 5025 Baltes
Block. Fort Wayne, Ind. - ¦ ¦
WANTED— Agents for perpetual pencils; "al-
ways sharp"; never need sharpening; guar-
anteed a year; sells to everybody everywhere,
rapidly; particulars on application, : or sam-
ples, etc., for 25c. American Lead Pencil
Company. 45 West Fourth at. New York.
WOULD you like to receive picture post cards ¦
from all over the world? For lOo we will
y send you the addresses of 50 foreign names
that will exchange cards with you. PACIFIC
SOUVENIR CARD CO., 120 Sutter st, Sa:
Francisco, Cal. .. -
WANTED — Men and women to represent a
Chicago house; established routes of trade,
etc.; experience unnecessary; salary $65 per
mo. and all expenses. ¦ Address L., 911 Van
Ness ave., San •Francisco. Cal. •;\> ; -»
BEGIN business for yourself; Etop working for
others; we start you in profitable mall-order
business at your home; Immense profits. Full
Information for stamp, FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO.. Denver, Colo. •
AGENTS wanted In every town on Faclflo
Coast; the wonderful menoscoplo cards; one
of the most Interesting Inventions of the day.
Menoscoplc, 321 Byrne building. Los An-
geles. Cal.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
NATURAL diamonds puzzle experts; stand j
every test; our pocket outfit starts you: writ*
for special offer. Chapman-Tower Company,
Syracuse, N. Y.
BOOK agents, life Insurance agents, tell
Thomas le Baron to get Important letter, gen-
eral delivery. San Francisco. M. T. COLE-
MAN, Denver.
HUSTLING men to handle llghtnlng-selllng
novelty; saloons, cigar stores; brand new: big
money. VISHOIM & CO., Dept. F.. Buffalo, <
N. Y. i
MONEY in mushrooms; grown In cellars, sta-
, bles. gardens, etc.. whole year. Dept. 20,
Eastern Importing Co.. Brighton, Mass.
AGENTS— Make $10,000 a year in mail order
' business: particulars free. A. E. SWETT, 310
Royal Insurance building. Chicago.
POCKET hat rack: sells on sight: agents
wanted In every town; sample 25c. Western
Mfg. Agency. 016 Market st. -
PERFUMES — Something new; ladies-gentle-
men; good pay. Agents Outfitting Co., 530
Golden Gate ave.
AGENTS wanted; sample watches free. Write
for particulars. Acme Jewelry Co., 108 Foil-
ton st. New York.
WANTED — Circular distributers; cash paid;
send stamp. American Distributer, I Denver.
AD ?XIRTJ SICMEW V -tlTIH O.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising In the Untted Staten.
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertising writ-
ing by correspondence and assists Its grad-
uates to secure positions; catalogues fur-
nished on application. Address box 3026, Call.
ASTROLOGY.
CONSULT Astor, famous New York astrologer,
a man of ability. 997 Market St., corner 6th.
- A _ T ' r _ o RXEYa-AT-LAW. ~~~
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
See me and save money; no pay in advance.
O. - W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 _ 5, 1st t
1122 Market st. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice fre e all matters. Detectives employed.
ADVICE FREE
Columbian Law & Coll. Agcy., r. 85, 918
Market; phone John C226;-open evenings;
transacts at most reasonable rates all legit-
imate law business; bonds furnished In crim-
inal and civil cases; small collections taken.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor, entrance room- 611; established 20
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. S19 Market st, r. 31.
DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly; call on us
'ere going elsewhere. Phone James 6221;
room 41, 916 Market st. opposite Emporium.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 927 Market st. rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity; advice
free; costs $12, Ad. B.A.S.. P.O.box 2199. S. F.
L. S. CLARK, 027 Market st; consultation
fre-*: no fees In advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA 3-MEPY.
A, Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves lnstant-
ly; 10c. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
AUTOMOBILES FOR SALE.
EECOND-HAND automobiles in flrst-clas* I
shape for sale cheap. Inquire at 20 Golden I
Gate ave.; phone Howard 871. • ' - i
' POARDIXG FOR -CHILDREN.
LADY wants 2 children from 5 to 13 years to
board in country. MRS. BENTHAM, S25
Bartlett st, city.
CHILD to board: best of care; private family.
306 Shotwell st.. near Seventeenth. .
BUSINESS CHANCES.
T. J. DUNN & CO. 1312 Market St.
Phone Howard 346$.
CIGAR store near new postofflce; $200; lease;
snap. See DUNN.
CIGAR "tore down on Battery: no night or
Sunday work: a bargain: $850. DUNN.
SALOON. Third st. nr. Market, reduced to
$2200: lease: mighty good, offer. DUNN.
BRANCH bakery, notions; best location in
Mission; rent $15: 4 lvg. rms.* $400. DUNN.
CANDY — We cot • bargain, party, understands
candy Icecream biz: small capital; lease;
steady sales; excellent location. See DUNN.
HOTEIr— $1 a day house in best town In State;
elegant; catches share flrst-class trade;' 42
room."; lease: rent $100; good bar; always
full; $3fi00. See DUNN.
$1275— RESTAURANT; best in town; flne loca-
catlon; excellent trade; receipts $1400 per
mo.; expensts, $235 per mo.; meals 50c and
up; no union heli>: overstrain of • business
cause of sale. D. L. JUNGCK, 2111 Shat-
tuck ave.. . Berkeley, v. •
$350 SECURES interest In light office work,
where party can easily clear $125 monthly;
references! exchanged: experience not neces-
sary: live man wanted: bona flde proposition.
Particulars 1007% Market Et, room 1.
$1500— HALF Interest In an established art
and decorating < business in ! Berkeley; .- stock
alone will Inventory twice amount invested;
sold, on account of .sickness.' CHENEY. _
BERRY. P O. Block. : Berkeley Station.
$900— A NEAT cigar, ; stationery and notion
. store in , thriving country town ; several good
agencies; large yard, dwelling separate; good
barn ; rent 3 buildings . $100 per year. - Ad-
dress box 1694. Walnut Creek. Cal.' ; ' ,
$500 — FOR sale, a good . milk route In , mining
and sawmilllnK town of over : 2000 ¦ inhabi-
tonts: recclDts now. over, S200 Der month and
can be increased;" will sell or lease stock.
Address M. C. A.,. Call office. . •¦ , ;
FOR sale— A long and well-established busi-
ness; good location. Interested f parties may
: address Oakland i Postofflce, box 229.
FOR"': sale^— Grocery store; -good- family trade;
. owner retiring from business, r Inquire , of
owner at 1231 Park st, Alameda, Cal.; rent
- reasonable; 15 years In bubines*
miSITVKSS - CHANCES Conttnwed.
A— $350; branch bakery >. and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25: fine location;
good business. See R. G. WILKIE, 2«b
Kearny tt. ' ' " " ' -'•¦_¦
A— $3000; one of the best meat markets in this
.city. 5 years' lease; rent $50; weekly sales 5
cattle, 5 calves', 5 hogs, 25 sheep: a splendid
location. . Call R. G. WILKIE, 26}_ Kearny.
A— $2000; saloon, vicinity market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; flrst-class business. Call R. G.
j WILKIE, 26>4 Kearny st. ' ' ' , ':
j A— $000; saloon, vicinity Taylor and Turk sts.;
rent $50; this in a good paying and old - ea-
I tablished business; a worktnirman's place;
¦ rare chance. See R. Q. WILKIE, 26^ Kerany.
$3000; grocery and bar, on Fourth st., about 1
block from Market St.; lease; good paying;
established years; sickness only cause of sale.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny at
A — $1500 — DAIRY produce route; butter and
eggs; established 5 years; 2 horses, 1 wagon;
owner clears above $150 per mo; good cash
business. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $5000; HARDWARE store; specialties,
locksmith, electric bells, model-making, ma-
chine work, etc.; estab. 20 years; located
Sixth st: large stock. See R. O. WILKE.
¦ 20'^ Kearny st. \
! A— $1000; RESTAURANT In San Rafael: dally
receipts $25; rent $30; must be sold at once;
good place. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $1000: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; close to Market st; dally receipts
| about $40; rent $45; good business; value In
tight R. O. WILKB. 26K Kearny st.
A — $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; casn
business; store receipts about $60 per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. Q. WILKE, 26 „
Kearny st -
' A — $2600; CORNER grocery and bar, on Powell
st; S years' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and flrst-class paying; value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $5000; THE leading saloon In manufacturing
town of about 6000 inhabitants; 5 years'
lease; rent $30; full value In sight; first-class
paying business; about 2«» miles from S. If.
Call K. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy st
A— $8000; CORNER grocery and bar with I
years' lease; rent $75; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
average cash store trade $2500 per month;
.dally bar receipts $25; full value In sight;
location the best In the city. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny -t -
A — $750; SALOON on Montgomery st: placs
established years: owner clearing about $123
per month: investigate: a bargain. Call R.
O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st .
A— $3000; CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg.;
8 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the best saloon locations In this city, and
¦ live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1100; "SALOON, with 3 rooms; clos* to
Kearny and Bush sts.; rent $75; lease; plac*
easily dears $200 per month; nica fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars OX
R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
GRAND opening for right man; general mer-
chandise store: except groceries; out of this
city; sales $800 to $900 monthly, profit 33
per cent; price $2500. or will invoice; well
established: flne location: low rent.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bid.
THE BEST OPPORTUNITY IN EXISTENCI.
for the investment of small and large sums
of Idle money where It will produce a large
and steady monthly revenue without risk of
loss; principal back on demand. For full
particulars address W. H. LATIMER. 413
Walnut St.. Philadelphia. Pa. .
GENTLEMAN with $30,000 to $40,000 can pur-
chase controlling Interest In business estab-
lished 40 years; paying 20 per cent a year on
Investment; fullest particulars given to re-
sponsible parties; no agenta. Address box
33S4, Call,
; ONE man, each State, with references and few
hundred dollars secures 12 years' business '
selling only article of kind in world; protect-
ed by 4 patents. HULL, 154 East Twenty
third st. New York.
HOME delicacies and branch bakery: worth
$400; investigate; money-maker; make offer
and the place Is yours; rent cheap; parties
must leave • city Immediately; snap. 581
O'Farrell st.
! FOR sale — Old established wholesale and retail
wine and liquor business connected with a
flne bar trade: downtown; arood chance to
make money; no agents. Box 3355, Call.
MEXICAN devil Jumping beans; wonderful cu-
riosity; $1 per 100; send for catologue Mexi-
can curios. Ross Curio Co.. Laredo, Texas
(on the Mexican border). _ . 5
STOCK or bond issue of reputable corporation,
mining or industrial, wanted to sell on com-
mission; give particulars. P. O. box 1463,
New York City.
A HOTEL for rent or for sale; furnished or
unfurnished; the only hotel In town. Inquire
for particulars. Address MR8. L. LIEDER,
Brentwood.
100 LOTS free; applicants sending stamp will
receive- deed of lot, size 25x100 feet; suburb
N. Y. Twentieth Century Realty Co., 6
Wall st. New York.
DON'T work for others; be boas: start mall-
order business; we help you: plan and cata-
logue for stamp. CENTRAL SUPPLY
COMPANY. Kansas City. Mo.
FOR SALE— Half Interest In a well establish-
ed real estate business In a small city in
- California; want a good working, partner.
Box 1963, Call office. :
FOR SALE — Half interest In a good contract -
Ing business where you can deal wtth half
the property owners In the city; price $500.
Box 1876. Call office.
$15,000~FOR whole or will sell half Interest
in a contracting business in one of the larg-
est cities in California; large stock on hand.
Address for particulars, box 1S52. Call.'
FOR SALE— About $2250: one of the 'best
paying grocery stores in San Francisco; large
trade; horses and wagons, etc.: stock new
j and clean. Box 3238, Call office.
WANTED — A partner In dry goods, clothing
' and shoe business with $2500. in a thriving
town in California. Box 1015. Call office.
JOB office — Well established; $200 balance
easy payments; other Interests; chance for
hustler; this afternoon and Monday. 3232
Mission st. ¦? -.; ¦". f
$275— BIG bargain In restaurant near City
Hall; proprietor sick; must sell. Box 3203,
Call office. ¦
CORNER saloon with 5 years* lease: worth
$1200: must sell; proprietor in hospital; make
offer. Box 3294. Call office. ¦¦
$300— PARTNER wanted in ' light business;
must be satisfied with $20 to $35 weekly.
Apply from 10 to 3. 6 Eddy, itym 2.
$3000 — GENERAL merchandise store in small
town In farming community, near coast.
Particulars box 1768, Call office.
FOR SALE — An established picture framing
business in city across the bay; good trade.
Box 1841. Call office.
$550 — HALF interest In tbe manufacturing of
an article that all windows need; big profits.
. Address box 1864. Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery business in a prosperous
bay city; splendid trade and increasing con-
stantly ; good, clean stock. Box 1781. Call.
$450— RESTAURANT in flne location; good
trade; or will take a partner 'for $220. A'd-
dress box 1983, Call office.
PHYSICIAN and surgeon needed for location
near the city; unequaled opportunity. Box
3315. Call office. ,
$ 200 AND services." What have you? Good
business man; No. 1' salesman. Box 3278,
¦ Call office. . .
A MECHANIC with $2000 can get good salary
and Interest in established business. Box
3287. Call office.
WIN $10 playing slot machine with my meth-
od. E. W.. box 61. West Allls. Wis.
DELICATESSEN and small grocery, on main
• st; low rent; a bargain. Box 3205, Call.
$1800— ESTABLISHED family liquor store; no
agents. Box 3261. Call. :a
$1200— A FINE grocery, and ¦ bar ; account of
glekness. 1229 Cortland ave. ; Mission 'cars.
WANTED— Partner In retail liquor business
in Mission. Box 3324. Call. ¦
RESTAURANT, delicatessen and liquor store;
."living rooms; yard; must bo-sold; owner
has other business; clears $150 month; rent
$20; will stand Investigation. Box 1880. Call.
LODGING-HOUSE, 24 rooms; Eddy st; well
¦ furnished; 'all housekeeping; lease; sell cheap
or" exchange for rmall farm in bay counties
Box 1S40. Call office.
ROADHOUSE and hotel near city; flrst-class
place; well equipped and clearing $200 mo.;
rent $10 with lease;; $2500. Box 1854, Call
office. ~ ',<.' ' .
CARPENTER-SHOP for sale: old established:
low rent: - large place. Apply box 3299,
;~ Call Office.;.
FOR sale — 2-chair barber shop; 3 living-rooms
back; -established .10 years; selling r account
,111 health. 642 Main st... Stockton, Cal.
CARPENTER • shop, Al location: good- bus.;
¦ cheap rent; owner going East Box 1998, Call.
FOR rent — Cigar stand ; suitable for bootblack
* stand. : 219 Mason st
FOR sale— The Union Hotel;- manufacturing
town: B^nlcla/' Cal., ;. ...',...: ¦
HOME bakery .for, sale;: very, reasonable. Call
at 1550 Church st -.:. . -•'.- ,-¦' :.::
FINE ¦' newspaper .' rout* - for sale. ' Inquire ' at
-this office. -.-.-
j OAKLAND AD VEB1ISEHENTS
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 EIGHTH ST..
OAKLAND.
$40.000— Improved business corner; 100x100;
adjacent to banking center: pays 1 Vi
per cent: bound to double In value;
grand future.
?1S,000— Modern. 3-£tory business block: rcnta
$1500 net i*r annum; adjoins fine
* business structure: Immediately adja-
cent to banking center.
Prominent factory site; corner. 273 feet front-
age; water plant: valuable machinery;
central location; value rapidly lncreas-
f 3,500— Extraordinary Investment: double
apartment house; 3 blocks from City
Hall; land worth the price; reduced
from J13.C00. -~. .
$2,000— Pair flats; '4 rooms and batn each;
rents $24; near Key route.
53.C50— Rents ?42O per annum; etores and
¦ flat; business location; always rented;
can Increase. '
$7,500— Fine 11-room residence; choicest lo-
cation; Lakeside district; nearly 80
feet frontage; mortgage $5000, 7H Per
cent. ,
f6,5OO— Magnificent Llnrta Vitta home; Indi-
! vidual; unique; rustic design; 8 rooms
I and bath; 76x120; an Ideal home; photo
I at office.
i 55.500 — EJegant 2-story residence; 8 rooms;
i 50x125: fins elevation; charming per-
spective; choicest location In Linda
Vista.
' $4,C50 — Fine medern house; 8 rooms: choice
location: Telegraph ave.; close In:
J3.S50— Suburban offering; nearly 4 acres:
, outskirts <vf Frultvale; modern, hard
finished building; store and B-room flat
above; fronts San Leandro electric
\ road: insurance ?2500: mortgage $2100;
rubdlvide 36 lots; snap.
$2.450 — Fine cottage. 0 rootne: porcelain bath;
gas; mantel; 30x165; Center st. station.
$2.300— Swell cottage, 5 rooms: bath; base-
ment; mantel; driveway; cement
walks; 35x140; choice location; Thirty-
fifth ft.; bargain.
$2,200 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms: bath and
nlcove: 57x100; windmill; tank; Linden
st. : close in.
$1,750 — Neat, corner cottage. 4 rooms; lOOx
125: well; stable; near San Leandro
read.
$1,400 — Two-story cottage. 7 rooms: bath;
modern plumbing; West Oakland; near
Eighth st.
$1,650— Modern cottag*. 4 rooms: bath; base-
ment and laundry; 32x137; near For-
tieth and Grove ets.
$1,250 — Neat cottage, 5 rooms; convenient to
Broadway, locals and schools.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 EIGHTH ST.,
OAKLAND.
SOMETHING GOOD.
$3,100 will buy a modern S-room house; lot
175xl<X>; fruit trees, flowers, etc.; con-
venient to street cars; healthy location.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
1058 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSE* TO LET.
• S. M. DODGE & SON,
11C0 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. PHONE
LAKE 36.
RENT DEPARTMENT.
ARTHUR P. ALEXANDER. MANAGER.
$35— Lower flat: 6 rooms and bath, basement
and good back yard; Telegraph ave.
$22 50— Upper flat; 5 rooms and bath; good
location; 17th tt., close to 14th-st. station.
.*22 50 — Two-story cottage; 6 rooms and
bath; just renovated; short distance to 14th-st.
station.
$17 — Fine 5 rooms and bath cottage;
Cypress tt. ; good condition.
C27 50 and *25— Two two-story houses; 8
rooms and bath each; six blocks of Clinton
nation.
?15 — Two-story house of 9 rooms and bath;
21st ave.; short walk of 23d-ave. station; large
lot, barn and chicken- bouse.
FURNISHED HOMES.
$40 — Upper flat of 6 rooms (three bedrooms);
electric lichts: completely and neTrly fur-
nished; five minutes' walk to narrow-gauge
elation.
$60 — A flne two-story house: 8 rooms and
bath: fully furnished; lot 120x160; on edge of
Llqda Vista terrace; nice flower garden^ and
select neighborhood.
$30 — Nice cottage of 7 rooms and bath; gas
and coal rancre: nicely furnished; 10 minutes'
walk of narrow-gauge station.
These are only a few of what we have
listed on our rent book, and more added dally.
See our advertisement In local and city papers
for choice improved and unimproved property.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 Eroadway. Oakland; phone Lake 36.
FOR RENT IN OAKLAND. •
Only two left of those flne new flats on
north Fide of 25th st.. east of San Pablo ave. ;
walking ilistance to downtown: 5 fine rooms,
bathronm, pantry, etc.: large yards with each
flat: every room sunny; upper flat, $24;
lower flat. $22.
IF YOU WANT TO RENT OR BUT A
HOME IN OAKLAND. CALL AND SEE ME.
.TAS. S. NAISMITH.
. r .34 THIRTEENTH ST.
OAKLAND FMIXITI'RK FOR SAL.8.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Scbellhaas.llth Kt.cor.store.Oaklaad.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY HEAL KSTATB.
TAKE a delightful trip to-day— Go to Mill
Valley: see the lots right at the etatlon we
are selling so fast.
Prices $400 'to $800. each.
Terms 10 per cent cash; balance $10 monthly.
All the lots are larre; none less than 50x120;
grand home site* arntd pleasant surroundings;
beautiful views of mountains and bay; the cli-
mate unequaled; splendid opportunity for an
investment; land values bound to Increase, as
Mill Valley is rapidly coming to the front;
the new e:«*etrlr road hap shortened the time
tc 40 minutes from the city: Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; fine supply of
pure mountain water, good sewerage and
drainage, electric lights, stores, churches and
school*, and, In fact, all conveniences; lot*
beautifully wooded; send for our new illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley. Agenta
on ground Sunday. LTON tt HOAG,
116 Montgomery et.
FURNISHED house to leUr-HillsIde ave.; C
rooms and bath. J. MYERS, 201 Sansome et.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
CHURCH SERVICES.
UNITARIAN Church (Flret). SW. corner
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavltt; minister; Rev. Bradford Leavltt and
Rev. C. Ruess, superintendents of Sunday
school. Junior church and Sunday school
are at 10 o'clock. Sunday service is at 11
o'clock. Rev. Mr. leavltt will preach. Sub-
jr-ct. •'Filling Life Full." Music by quartet,
under direction of H. Bretherlck, organist.
All are cordially invited.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Twentieth
and Capp sts. (take Mission or Valencia st
car) — The Rev. Jay William Hudson min-
ister; residence. 500 Capp st. The Sunday
school meets at 9:45 o'clock. Mr. W. C.
Maxwell superintendent. The' Sunday service
Is at 11 o'clock. The Rev. Jay William
Hudson will preach; subject. "The New
Power for the New Age." Music by orchestra
and choir. All cordially welcome. There- In
no evening service.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner of Post
and Mason sts. — Rev. • George C. Adams.
D.D.. pastor, will preach at both services.
At 11 a. m.. topic, "The Inspiration of th«
Book of Genesis." At 7:45 p. m., topic,
"Yet There I» Room." All are cordially In-
vited. ¦• ¦ . -
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St.,
near Webster — Rev. I. C Meserve. . D.D..
pastor. Morning worship at 11. preceded by
Sendav school at 0:30 a. m. Christian En-
deavor meeting at <S:45 p. m. Musical serv-
ice at 7:45 p. m. Tbe choir will render the
Magnificat in F (Tours), and the quartet
and «olo "Hear Us," O Father" (Owen). Mr.
DaA-id Manlloyd will , sing the • tenor solo.
"Callest Thou. O Master" (Mtetzke), and
Miss Dorothy Goodsell a soprano aria by
Hiller. _; ¦ _,-¦ '
THIRD Congregational Church. Fifteenth st,
near Mission — Rev. William Rader, pastor.
11 a. m.. "The Essential Unity of the
Church." 7:45 p. m.. third In a series of
"Straight Sermons to Earnest People." Sub-
ject. "To th« Man Who Does Not Get On
In the World." . • : - ,
THE People's Church meets every Sunday
evening in Elks Hall, 223 Sutter st, at 8
o'clock. Subject this evening, "Limitations
and Advantages Beyond the Grave," Pastor
Mrs. Anna L. GlUesple. Social Monday even-
Ing. May 9, at 305 Larkin St., fourth floor. '
0 \ KLAXI) ADVERTISEMENTS
¦l.»M\M) KK»-I KSTATK.
IIOLCOMB. nREKD & BANCROFT. Inc..
l'KW DSOADW.IV. OAKLAND.
UNIMPROVED.
f::73 — 10x120; elevated lot"; Fti«et work com-
plete; clo!-e to schools, care. etc.
* - I, T — — —
$.-,00— Lot 100x1X3; close* to _V>th and I'eralta
Ms., and Santa Fc's btg [xnprove_e&ts;
will dcuble in price.
fOoo—sr.iloO; clrie to Market arid 21th sts.;
rtreet work dont; «r.ap.
{,000 — ."•oxluo: tireet work complete; close to
Fanta Fe and Han Pablo trair.s; worth
fTOO — STixIOO: very rightly location in Linda
; * Vitta Terrafe district; street work com-
1-letr': one block to Oakland ave. cart;
tine view and surroundings.
Ift57
J7T.0 — tine comer; 37:6x100; on
line of downtown V.ey route: will be
bc.und to Increase rapidly; business lo-
cation. '".'¦'..
71000 — .".1:4x1. "IT: on Wrnon St.; Adams Point
district; street work complete.
$1520— 52x100: on Summit »t.: sightly let; ele-
gant hurroundings; very choice bar-
gain.
1^
IMI'ROVED.
OfT-r uantc-d on wi el<-_cajit 9-roont house,
which must »•« t-'j|_: must b* wen to be
a_>pr*oiii5«>d: or. \\>bt!*r St.. and close to
!ix-al trains, schools, etc. ; get particulars at
office. ' ;
J27OO-- Just Finished. —2700 '
Cottage el .". rooms. ;.«>rre!a!n bath, open ,
plumbing, nickel tnn.nilngs: reception hail; J
«i:ning-rwum jianrl'd and finished in weath- ;
rr«l oak. with china c!.-»<?t : artistic tinting t
••fleets; do>e to Santa Ft- depot and all car;
lines; M-e what a nice place this is; terms
to suit. '•
5. A. !
$3760— JUST HE1NG B11LT. —3750 t
* A PwUs bungalow. «-on»atnlng o:i first floor j
reception hall, parlor, <iir.ing-room. library ;
or deti. kitchen, pa.tiies. etc: upstair?. :
!«e<Jroom£. bath with a>! th.? modern flxtures;
3 toilet.-; ga» ajiU *-iei.trk- liK!M:ng; the tint- ,
lni and mantels can be made to suit the j
tafte pf rurchat-er; thlF property is within :
easy walking d'.stenc<> of 14th and Broadway. ,
B. Xo. 1 j
|42^0 In course of coMlructiow, colonial i
house of S nwns: rir?i floor — parlor, liv- j
ins-room. Uining-room. kitchen, pan- j
trie*. 2 closets ana toilet; second fluor — j
4 bedrooms, elf-rant bath and toilet ar- !
rar.gemcr.ts: open plumbing; gas and |
electric llphtir.e: larse lot; sunny es.- j
jHjsure: la Oalclar.d's finest residence |
section: close t-> Proadway and Tele- j
irra^h av«r.; fc* i'l*r:* at office.
B. No. 2
— In course of construction. colonial |
bouse of 8 rooms; Ur*t floor — parlor, t
living-room, dining-room, kitchen, pan- i
trie*. 2 closets and toilet; second floor |
— 4 bedrooms, olecar.t Uuth and toilet I
arrangements ; open j-luinblng: gas and j
cU-ctric lightlnc: large lot; sunny ex- |
prisure; in Oakland's finest residence
district, between Telegraph ave. and |
Grove et. ; tee i>lans at office. !
HOLCOMB, BRErf/ & BASCROrT (Inc.),
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
A MAONIFICEXT HOME.
FPECIALLY COX6TBUCTED.
Clinton Day. Ssn Francisco, architect.
J22.(>0<> owner has expended.
?13.5O<) price Immediate sale.
Also Pell furniture very cheap.
This charming home hes one of the mo»t j
beautiful front entrances imaginable. The ,
interior very invitin- and homelike ana at- !
Jcrdfc that wholesomenes? so lacking in ;
nun;. 1 homes. Iltdnwms S, all sunny and
cheerful. Fine tttic for yourselves or the ;
children; eary of cccpfs; beautiful ground*. |
110x200, with full grown shrubberies and ¦
bearing fruit. It is simply a perfect home. .
Up-to-date and bul!t with no sj>are of ex- j
!>onse. Location FtuitvaJe. In the lmme- '
dlate rurroundinrs of the homes of the fin- :
est faril'.Us in the S-'ta.te. Beautiful, soft. J
warn climate. If in poor health don't fail I
to ttt, Choicely Fituated, affording a near
— -moteneFs and accessible seclusion.
LET US SHOW TOT'.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4S0-4C2 Elshtli St..
Oakland, Cal.
i
l
P. M. DODGE A SOX
llt« EKOADWAY. OAKLAND, PHONE
LAKE 36.
Modern cottage of 0 rooms, bath, laundry.
doubU parlor*; chicken house and yard: flower
*«.nd xegeiabl* garden: lot BOxtSO; on eaFt «<!«•
¦jf street: ii block* from 2-id-ave, nation; flne
rif ighborhood : price reduced to 52S00; for a I
ehort, timt only. ;
One and a half otory substantial cottage of S '
rooms and bath; room for two more in half
ftory: 7-fnot basement :n<vxly painted and rerio- !
vated: gas fixtures and range: modern plumb- !
Ing; lot *S:Cxll8:fi; on north Bide of Mo«» ;
ave.. b<-t. Telerraph ave. and Kroadway: price j
•v-duced to $30£O; only (VMM cash, balance on
•easy terms. :
Bee our Oakland Herald advertisement for
some very desirable vacant i roperly In a fine
neighborhood, which we ate offering at a very
low figure; a i=af<\ rare investment for any
one. IF YOI* V\NT TO RENT SEE OUH
JIENT DEPARTMENT IN THIS TAPER.
P. U. IV)t>fiK & RON.
1IC0 Broadway. Oakland. Phone Lake 06. '
GILT EDGE INVESTMENT.
• OVER HALF HI/X K IN OAKLAND. COV-
ERED WITH IMPROVEMENTS CONSIST- :
ING OF FINE DWTCLLXXGI WITH AN -.«-
CttEOATE OF .%O ROOKS. A SUBSTANTIAL
RCSUWESS BriT.DINc; <JRxlOrt FEET FOUR
STORIES. "WITH AN ___ .WxSft OF SAME
IIEICWIT AND AN ANNEX "OxHO FEET
TH^EE FLOORS AND BASEMENT, THE ENl
. TIKE STRUiTURE HAVING TEEN IN-
TENDED FOR MANUFACTURING PUR-
POSES: STABLE. AND TANKHOUSE "WITH
UNLIMITED WATER SUPPLY. THIS PROP-
ERTY IS CENTRALLY LOCATED IN A DIS-
TRICT WHERE VALUES ARE INCREAS- i
IN'j. PRICE JTO.Oik*. i
MEADS & PELL !
1223 ISROADWAY.
O. I. DENISON. i
472 Tenth Street. !
For Sale— 2 jnooern fiats cf 3 rooms each;
bath: baeement; wooden mantels; In flne '
order and bringing J42 .'-) per month rent;
price rpdnced from $4000 to £?nO0 for an !
immediate nale. !
Tor KsJe— Choir-e residence lot; only 4 mln- I
utes to center cf the city; price reduced '
from *lf>'l to $:>0 per foci; cheap.
For Kale — Elegant residence and fine grounds-
Laketlde district; cheap for an Immediate
sale.
O. I. DENISOX.
_^ 472 Tenth Street.
ALDEN REALTY CO..
•—a «- , 5 i/i Telegraph Avenue. I
$3OO— 2-xli-O feet; close to two car lines and
"Key route.
$400 — SOxJl.1; south wert corner; nice loca-
tion: newered.
* 4:;C !_7-_* 1OO: alh *'st ormer: choice loca-
tion; Hgn ground; «-treet uv.nplcte.
Bargain!
$;$00— Ju_t Finished — S1SC0.
A prrtty home; .', roomn and bath; nice view-
high grounds; near two car lines and "Key" I
roate.
S14 front toot: rtreet work complete; near
school. "Key route and car lines; choice loca-
tion.
JUIft front foot; business locaticn.
$20 — On Telegraph ave.
FOn BALE ET ALBERT SCHMIDT,
•J.-fL i:;th Avc « EaEt Oakland.
reio— Lot lxoxioo.
R$:_5 — Lot fiOxIOO.
$soo — Lot J ooxi on.
$KOf>_Ix>t 100x140.
S^jU'^t 300XUO. '
Elevated ground: \1ew cannot be obstructed;
wortl: to Investigate.
ALBERT SCHMIDT
1122 13th Aw.. East Oakland.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
M0 5«»— 4 modem flat*. 6 and 7 rooms; lot COx
i f <': 3 block* from the buMness center
of B.-cadway; pays 1 per cent per month. \
£¦( goo — A modern ccttage. of S rooms; lot 25x
ICO; rent SIH per month; all street work
done.
S- _*0— House of 8 rooms: lot WhtlOO; central.
* ~"~^ HUGH M. CAMERON.
% 105S Broadway. Oakland.
""" ~~ A SNAP.
' " $1050 only lor a «-roora cottage with bath,
•te In Eat-t Oakland: eaey terms. P. C. LAS-
BEN A CO., *C0 Tenth at., Oakland. Cal. <
| BPS1TTESS CHAWCES — C<m«ni»«>*'
I A-CAMERON & CO.-^ Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Pouell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses........ ff50 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors $200 to *~~"
Barber shops -f50O to $-|»00
Cigar stands "•••$$£ «M0O
Groceries and bars *500 to $oCOO
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $101*
Drugstore $^000 to $b0W
/ Delicatessen stores $=5O to $45u>
Wood and coal yards $250 to »10W
For sale— First-class legitimate mining
proposition that will bear strict lnvestiga-
'tlon. ¦ •
BEAUTFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 36- room hotel: all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables; aul
kinds of fruit: rent $500 per year: equity In
this $2500; death In family cause of aale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business: cheap rent; 6H years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
Ing fine business: other interests cause sale:
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-hse or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or will trade— « acres Inside city
limits; one of best interior cities in Califor-
nia; house barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house: price ' $4000. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business;
central location: established 0 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month: price $500:
must sell on account other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. S Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located grocery and bar; rent
only $25; sales $30 to $40 per day; price
$2000; snap. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR SALE— A small brewery plant In this
city. For particulars address box 1974. Call.
$600— HALF Interest In a good business pay-
lng $1 75 per month. Box 1981. Call office.
BAKERY and lunch room for sale In a live
Nevada town. Address box 1820. Call office.
FOR SALE— Coal and feed yard In East Oak-
land. Box 1831. Call office.
BULLETIN route for sale. Address 2215 Pina
st. San Francisco. •¦» v-'- 1
$200 WANTED at once to open up rich quarts
prospect. Box 3376. Call office. -
FOR sale — Bicycle shop and store fixtures at
230 Van Ness ave. .
WANTED — Partner In light manufacturing
business; must have $150 cash. 7C6 Folsom.
SALOON to let. «40 Commercial st. nr. Kear-
ny; desirable location: notice on premises.
CANDY store or half interest in good paying
manufacturing business. 1427 Market st.
CORNER saloon. n»ar Market: owner leaving
; city; sell to-day. BROOKBANK. 917 Market
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subecrtptlons has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODG1NG-HOLSK3 FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON _. CO., Phone South 105k
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houaes. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
¦- 220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired; rare-
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be said out of the house; other business
Interests demand Immediate departure.
90 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture; swell downtown location; everything up-
to-date and first-class; fine opportunity to se-
cure high-grade proposition; must go East
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms; beautiful corner: 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished housa
in city; call for terms and particulars.
9 rooms; sunny flat; rent $50: oak. mahogany
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
ISO rooms; grand, new. modern . apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease: paying $500 to $600 per month;
; close. In; full nice people; bargain if taken at
I once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $60; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $S50.
1C2 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building: fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry fur.;
fine carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
7-room flat: rent ?40: oak 'furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350. '
138 rooms; downtown commercial hotel: 8
years' lease; cheap rent: elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure first-
class hotel; owner has other business; part
cash; balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent; dose In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
11 rooms: rent $40; close In; oak, cherry fur-
niture, Brussels carpets : clears $55 over all ex-
penses; $400 cosh, balance time; snap; $7G0.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing 3250 per month; close In; flne buy;
price $6000.
18 rooms; rent $85; north Market; close In;
cood money-maker; reduced from $1600 to
SHOO.
128 rooms: cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $T>0O to $600 per month;' must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
20 rooms; rent only $100; all new furniture;
> doctor pays $95; clearing over all expenses $100:
best street Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house. ;-
24 rooms: rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
good lease.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
Clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
83 rooms; cheap rent: good lease; beautifully
furnished: new modern building: very central;
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
126 rooms; flne downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85: oak fur.:
good carpets, housekeeping; all full: clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
j $1600. ¦ • .
B0 rooms; new, modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent: clearing $250 to $300;
very central: flrst-class proposition.
17 rooms; Ellis st: rent $70: oak furniture,
Axmlnster carpets; flne condition; clears $S0;
flne little buy.
8 rooms; flne upper flat: rent only $30: caa
' be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
.•450.
For rent — 4-room suite, furnished, in fin*
apartment-house. 4 to B months: rental $45 per
month; references; no small children.
For rent— 8-room modern furnished flat for
summer: elegantly fur.; references required;
rent J60 per month.
A. CAMERON tc CO.. 3 Eddy st
100 ROOMS: sunny corner; rent $125 $4500
10d rooms; clears $350: low rent. $6200
8O rooms: -furniture nearly new.'. ... ...$.isoo
40 rooms; flne location, north of Market. S10OO
4(1 rooms; In Oakland; new; rent $60. ...$250O
12 rooms: half cash: cheap rent.. $60O
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL _
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
MUST sell, going away 2 * weeks— 14-room
rooming house at 315 Twelfth st: look at
this if you want to buy; no agents, deal
with owner. ' ¦ .
80 ROOMS: elegant new apartment house. 3
and 4-room suites; 60 rooms, furnished: rea-
'sonable rent: (charming location; sunny. Box
3548. Call of flee.
14-ROOM house: rent $45; .near Larkin and
. Hyde sts. ;¦ full of roomers: owner will sell
for $650: this week., Box 8522. Call office.
FOR SALE— 14 housekeeping room*: rent $60;
must go away; $325 cash. 947 Mission st
ALL the lowest r-riced houses are for sale by
. SKIRM, room 72, U Eddy s*
MARION GRIFFIN. ''*:' ¦
408 Hearst Building. . over "Examiner" ea-
Co^erSd and Market sts. San Francisco Cal.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3t>07. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract with ?>'*&.**£•
We make any sale en our installment plan.
Hotels, rooming and apartment houses for sal*.
j Would Exchange for Real Estate.
Any lady can manage a 19-room house,
especially whwi raid house is M" of quiet
professional men roomers who pay $12b0 yearly
over rent: of course you desire a detached
house with fine lawn and splendid yUmi
It's a first-class, respectable house that
cannot be too highly recommended: you caa
1 pay $1000 down and have your own time to pay
balance In little installments. Exclusively .or
aalo by MARION OKI1- H.N.
ATTRACTIVE 14-room house near Eddy and
Hyde: wide halls; large .rooms; well fur ¦•
nlshed; clear- $60; price $10C0: half cash, a
good house on gunny side **££. URICT , iy .
APARTMENT hduse. bet. Geary *** r^j
20 rooms clearing $72 monthly, and land .ady
has almost no work: $700 down and $SCO la
payments; will exchange *o*j™$ £ r Tkfi.V.
ANOTHER high-class proposition: S3 rooms,
very expensively furnished by a connoisseur,
rent only $451; long lease; electric elevator,
private bath with each suite: eye/ythins Al.
exclusively for sale by MARION URltF-^-
APARTMENT house full of tenants who do
all their own. work; landlady only sweeps t_u»
halls; 24 rooms, all light and sunny: n^ar
Market and Van Ness; you pay 51000 down ana
borrow balance of MARION GRITFLN.
50 rooms: new building; new furniture ; sani-
tary enameled beda: rent $200; 5-year lease:
electric lights: price $3500; profit depends oa
ability of manager; •**>*g* 3 £* QBSms _ m
BEAUTIFUL furnishings are appreciated by
' ladies of refinement In all civilized countries,
but in none are the connoisseurs more critical
than those In this city, and none could find a
defect in the exquisite draperiea. golden o»k,
blrdseye maple, and rich velvet carpets In this
sunny corner house of 37 spacious rooms, fur-
nished in Feb., 1904; $2000 13 required aa 1st
payment; exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
EXCHANGES.
Exchanges of All Kinds Made Dally.
40-room house, worth $3500; clears $173; to
exchange for a smaller house.
Also 20-room house, worth $1500. clearing
$72 monthly, to exchange for smaller house.
Also a swell 17-room house, clearing $30
monthly to exchange for about 30 rooms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN hunters, lend us your ears wall*
we Inform you of a house worth $300; will sell
for $400 spot cash: very central; 11 largs rooms,
la a downtowa location; 'g^e^nl^by^
53 LARGE, well-furnished rooms In a corner
house; thoroughly clean; painted new Inside and
outside; 27 big windows; rent only $223. with
a transferable lease that runs 5 years from 12th.
of next August; guaranteed to be clearing *20O
per mouth; price $4000. MARION GRIFFIN.
UNUSUAL opportunity (If you profit by It
at once) to purchase the finest ICO-room house*
In San Francisco; nominal price for such luxu-
rious furnishings; well located; long lease;
splendid chance for business.
MARION GRIFFIN.
FLAT of 8 rooms, newly furnished; rent $25;
5 rooms rented for $36; price $25O.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HEADQUARTERS for Lodglng-Houses.
C. E. HINKLEY. Phone Mint 79«.
1020 Market St.. Opposite Fifth.
Former Patrons My Best References.
CLEAR TITLES AND EASY TERMS.
10<> rooms; downtown corner; country; trans-
ient $7u0O
44 rooms; modern apartments; sacrifice; sea
this $325O
31 room3; transient: clears $150; lease. .$130<»
14 rooms: O'Farrell; rent $42: Dickup $5OO
25 rms.; mod.; new fur.; elegant; lease.. $_»XX>
9 rooms; flat; sunny $175
8 rooms; newly furnished; offer wanted.. $275
Call for our large list. HINKLEY.
HINKLEY' S EXCHANGE BUREAU.
Large list of ranches, country hotels and
property; lodging-houses and other business
exchanges. .
C. E. HINKLEY. 102O Market St., opp. Fifth.
ALL buyers who call on SKIRM are satisfied.
You had better see him. Office room 72, St
Ann's building^
TEN large rooms; near Fourth and Howard;
$30 over rent; very cheap. Apply after 12 m-.
823 Howard at.
NINE rooms- all full; must sell, oa account
of sickness. Inquire 212 Fifth »t
BOARDING and lodging house for sale; 20
rooms. Inquire MRS. WILSON. Belvedere.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ooened at IOCS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Oi>en until 11 d. m.
' spiritualism.
beturneS """"
mrs. j. j. whitney.
Clairvoyant, trance business medium and Hf*
reader; also communications from you? de-
parted friends. Hotel Net&erland. IS Turk
st.. near Market room 17. elevator.
MRS! DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
& business med'm, read dally $1; dev'p'g class
Thurs. 8 p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;tel. Jessie 3438.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing Sunday. 2
and 8 _>. m.; 50 cents: 328 Ellis st; Mon-
day. 854 Brush St.. Oakland.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-
night, 8 o'clock: $1. 1084 Bush st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis St. reading*
dally; phone Sutter 3994.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant an*
•late-writer. 1112 Eddy st Phone Scott 887.
CLA1RV OYAST1.
ASSURED succeed for you.
Call at once - and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 *1 $1 $1 It
No charge— No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE
Ths first registered trance clairvoyant au_4
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
CYou to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire: "in fact" I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice la reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he im-
proves your character so 'that you will reach
the highest possible development la mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly:
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice oa
mining and burled treasures; gives you success
In life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.— Closed Sunday.
326 OTarreU st— 326.
MISS M. WILLE. 46O Geary st — Great crystal
seer and medium to hold special life reading
for $1; satisfaction or no charge: don't fail
to visit this wonderful medium; always con-
sult the best;. letters and recommendations
from the best people In the city as to abil-
ity; If you are In trouble of any kind or
want to be successful In business, love,
marrlaze. sickness or family troubles, call
. and see this great medium, as she has the>
power to control. Hours. 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
et. cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
ra. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency -.send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter,
A— MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
dlum and card reader, born with a double
veil and second sight tells past present and
future; L 50c. g- by card* $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sit. $1 CO. 312 Masoa. nr. Geary.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon. names given: special. $1; hours 10 to S.
A — MME. BERNARD reads your life corrtctly.
advice given on all afXalrs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted, clalr. and palm. ;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess -
names; L 50c g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. P.O. ave.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst; clairvoyant card
. reader;when others fall try xne;good readings
10c 721 Franklln.nr.G.Q.ave.TeI.Larkln 4207.
A-MME. RAVENNA reads life: business ad-
', vice: names given; 25c up. 833 Howard st
Mme. Odell returned; clairvoyant, card reader;
tea leaves: 25c op. Lower fiat 5C2 EUls st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, give* names, date
and facts; readings daily. 917 -Market st
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26^. Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c: gents 50v.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23 1. 6th: I. 25c. g..50c
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. U now at 317 Ellis st
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant card reader, sit-
tings daily. 443 & Jessie st, bet 5th and 6t_uTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1904.
45
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS (seamstress wants situation;
¦ would take care of grown children or do
chamberwork. Address box 3304, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by mldaie-aged woman as
traveling companion or nurse to one going
East via St. Louis; references exchanged.
Address box 1833. Call offlce.
JAPANESE young woman wants a place:
housework or any kind of work. S. K.. 1356
Geary st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Baiaar. 833 McAllister St.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan * Church sts.
WANTED — MALK.
ANDRE'S Offlce. 317 Stockton St.— French cook
wishes altuatlon as chef In club, hotel or
summer resort; first class gardener, good ref-
erences; coachman with 3 years' letter from
last place, etc.
SlTUATION~wanted In shipping (export and
import) firm by American gentleman, under
40 vean, or correct habits, excellent refer-
ences, financially responsible, bond if re-
quired; 5 years' experience as manager for
tniflifh firm in Japan and with business con-
nections througlrfcut the Orient. Address box
3327. -Call office.
A YOUNG man. educated, good appearance,
fluent talker, desires position; Is a good ad I
writer; speaks German and English; strictly
temperate; first-class references a» to charac- j
ter, etc.; has been on the road. Address box
3335. Call offlce.
RELIABLE young man, 19 years of age. de- j
sire* a position in wholesale tea firm as-i
tample clerk or stock clerk: has had one 1
years experience as such and can furnish I
recommendations as to ability and honesty.
-Eox_ 3274 1 _Call.
WANTED— By sober man with city references,
employment in the city, either as a watch- \
man, night clerk or fireman, etc. ; would ac- i
cept day Job. ROBKRT H. MILRQY JR.,
Watchmen Mill. Cleone, Mendocino Co.. Cal.
SCANDINAVIAN man (Danish) wants situa-
tion, gardener or man about place; fair
wages; Oakland. San Francisco references. I
Address ANDREW JOHNSON. 331 Kearny
«t.. loom 30.
STEADY, reliable man desires situation as de-
livery wagon driver or any othtr steady po-
sition; can furnish cash security If required.
Address G. L. E.. 174 Fourth st.. room SO, !
_clty.___ f j
YOUNG man. 28. good accoun'ant. pood, rapid f
pei:man, quick and accurate cash handler,
beat of references, can furnjfh bond, de- |
sires permanent position. Box 3277, Call. ;
WATCHMAKER, flrst-clase. with full set of
tools, expert in complicated Jobs, chrono- ,
graph and repeater, wanta position. Address j
V. D.. box 3273. Call offlce. I
HOTEL clerk. 15 years' practical experience, j
At bookkeeper, thoroughly competent hotel
man, desires permanent employment; refer- '
ences and bends. Box 3323, Call. j
GARDENER (32). 18 years' experience In land-
scape and greenhouse gardening in Germany 1
and California, wishes engagement In private
place or nurrery. 'K. L., box 32S5, Call.
BOOKKEEPER— Thoroughly competent; w)Tl
audit, systematize or do back or current
work for portion of time: highest references;
reasonable. Box 3359, Call.
STABLEMAN wishes position, middle-aged
man; capable of taking care of horses, rigs;
willing- and useful; best of city references.
Box :t2SU. Call. , '
STENOGRAPHER wants position; two years'
experience In shorthand and typewriting; ref-
erences if required. Address E. M., 1959
Geary Ft.. S. F.
EXPERT bookkeeper, speaks, writes and un-
derstands German, Spanish, English, wishes
position; good penman: experienced account-
ant. Box 3336. Call office.
RELIABLE, experienced house and window
clran^r wants inyide or outside work for
Monday and Wednesday weekly. JACOB
MEYER. 110 Hydej^
MAN and wife (English), man experienced
coachman, etc., wife good cook; city or coun-
try; city references; $B5 month. Box 3358,
Call office.
YOUNG married man wishes position in coun-
try; ranch or camp; pood teamster and all-
around man; wife good plain cook. Box
3378. Call.
BtJOK KEEPER, several years.' experience,
wants situation; thoroughly familiar with
double-entry; will take other clerical work
or as salesman. Bex- 3372, Call,
MACHINE shop foreman wants position; If you
have anything to manufacture can produce
it at tame rate as in the East; member- of
Citizens' Alliance. Box 3344. Call:
WANTED by strong, steady- boy. 16. place on
ranch; understands care of chickens and can
milk. Call or address CARL COREY 33
Shipley St.. care S. A. Corvy.
BOOKKEEPER— Accurate; reliable; 5 years'
experience; young man; good penman; do
anything In general offlce work; will glvt.
security. Box 331:5. Call.
YOUNG married man, Danish, wants position
as> driver, in country or city; understands
care of horses and cows. Call WILLIAM
WESTERGAARD, 612 Tailor »t.
SITUATION wantea aa collector by steady,
reliable man. well acquainted with city.
Box 3273. Call offlce.
PRINTER desires position on country paper;
no Job work; can feed cylinder. -Address
"Printer," C55C Minna st., S. F.
SITUATION wanted by a handy man with j
tools: can do painting; prefer a sttady place. '
Box 1S74, Call offlce. ]
NON-UNION , carpenter who has learned his !
trade wanti Job; wages reasonable. Box
32;>2. Call offlce, Oakland. 1
ABLE young man desires position with lumber'
concern; office books or cutslde; experienced; !
excellent references. Box 3281, Call. j
RELIABLE and sober man of middle-age wish-
es position as watchman: can give good
bond. Address box 32W), Call offlce.
YOUNG man well acquainted In this city,
with thir best of references, wants position
as salesman or collector. Box 3288, Call.
YOUNp man wants position as baker's helper;
some «xper!ence Address J. BEEGAARD,
lt:8'/a Eighth St.. city.
WANT Job superintending building, remodel-
ing or wrecking house; will take contract.
Box 3364." Call.
BOOKKEEPER Just graduated desires position
*h bookkeeper; small wages to start. Ad-
dress G. S. O.. 217 Parrott bldg.
MAN and wife, young couple, wants place In
country hotel or resort; expsrlenced. Box
3.W«, Call office.
YOUXG n:an desires position of any kind in •
some private place. City phone Steiner 1511, '
or box 2172, Call branch, 2200 Flllmore st.
A YOUNG man, handy with tools and also
painting for show-cards, etc., desires a poal-
tlon. Address W., 300 Hayes et.
WANTED — Situation as carpenter In factory;
city or country. Address G. A. -S., 4(?)A
Minna st. . j
PAINTER, paperhanjrer and tlnter; has all
tools: wotk reasonable. . Address Painter,
1210 MUs:on et. ¦
A YOUTH, German parentage, wants position
in grocery or as porter; has experience. Box
33C:;. Call.
HUSTLING young Eastern gentleman, college
pnuluate in law, seeks any honorable em-
ployment. Box 33S2. Call. -
MACHINIST— Experienced In building and op-
rratlng: of pumping and Irrigating machinery.
Bex 3338. Call.
WANTED — Bookkeeping, letter-writing or
other work I can do at home or evenings.
Pox 3",S0. Call.
A YOUNG man who can drive wagon or do
anything else would like work of any kind;
grammar grade education. Box 1980, Call. .
YOUNG man (aged 80) desires copying '»t
hnme. R. M. S.. 747 Market st. v.^
WANTED — Situation as nl*ht watchman. Ap-
ply GEORGE GREEN, 520 Bush St.. room B.
BOY wants a situation to drive buggy or
wagon; $5 a week. 24 Bernard st.
WANTED — Position as war correspondent. A.
SCRIBBLER, box 21. Call office. .
BOY wonts a position as offlce boy. Box 3251,
Call offlce. "
SITUATION wanted; competent bartender
wants work. 1801 Howard st.
BOY wants situation In butcher shop. Box
1872. Call offlce.
WATCHMAN: military man; best references".
Box mi^Call offlce.
POSITION wanted~by a flrst-class bartender
in -summer resort; references. Box 3200, Call. ¦
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants country~D09l-
tlon. . Box 32C5, Call offlce. - !
YOUNG man wishes position as porter; can
give references. Box 3302, Call office. ¦ -¦
BOY. wants a job on ranch. Box 3303, Call of-
: flee. ¦ i
WANTED— Position as gardener. "Box 3308,
Call offlce. . ,
ENGINEER, steam snd gasoline, marine or
stationary. Box 3305, Call.; , .;
BARTENDER- wishes position; -honest' and
sober. Address 206 Fourth st. I
YOUNG man' wants • position as dishwasher;
day shift. FRED HEINZ, 117 Natoma it. .
A
A
J
.1
j EMPLOYMENT WANTKO PF.M \LB.
STENOGRAPHER— An ambitious young lady
with six years' experience, very rapid and
accurate, deelres wwitlon with fair salary
and t>r©!£i>*ct of advancement. Call or ad-
dress Stenographer, room 21. 10th floor Mills
building.
1 CO LORED first-class laundress; no objection to
j assisting In chamber work In first-class fam-
; Hy; wages $30 to $35; no objection to going
. short distance In country. Address 1013
; Twenty-fourth Et.. Oakland.
STRONG, willing American woman wants
laundry work; flannels a specialty; Jl 25 and
carfare; sweeping and cleaning aleo done.
648A Jessie St.. bet. 7th and Sth, downstair*.
YOUNG woman, well educated, wishes light
housework in exchange for home for herself
and girl, going to school; understands mu-
slc and eewlng. Box 3290. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, cutter
and fitter, few more engagements per day;
only first class done- will take suits at home.
MISS BARSS. Sherman House. 2S Eighth *t.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements;
confinements or Invalids; cheerful; painstak-
ing; references; moderate terms. MRfa.
KING. 817 Geary at.
RESPONSIBLE parties, mother and eon.
would like the care of house and grounds
• during absence of owner: excellent refer-
ences. Box 3337. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes light house-
i wcrk; neat and willing; In city; please give
full particulars when answering. Addrtss j
I box stn, can. ;
FIRST-CLASS young German nurse, full |
charge Infants; best references; wages $30.
$38; American family preferred. 50<i Lcav-
enworth at. '
STENOGRAPHER, five years' experience; best
reference*, desires permanent position; em-
ployment half the day or to substitute. Box
8313. Call office.
I SITUATION wanted by a woman to do general
housework and plain cookiDg in small tain- j
lly; wages moderate. Apply 214 Fifth at.,
rear Howard. . ¦
GERMAN woman wants position to take care i
house, do cooking and take care of children
cr as housekeeper. Address MRS. M. L'.
SMITH. 1301 Santa Clara ave., Alam«da.
RESPECTABLE* woman wishes a position in
¦ private American family; good cook and j
laundress; likes children; moderate war.«;
will give references. 2U4H Tehama st. |
j SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman as
traveling companion or nurse to orn? ko.:u
East via St. Louis; references exchanged. 1
Box 1833. Call. ,
WANTED — By middle-aged woman, work ;'»
oecond cook, plain cook or chambermaid:
wages reasonable; understands all kind cf
hotel work. Box 3252, Call. j
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like positior.
as cook or take charge of child with party j
who is going to S&nta Cruz for the summ-.-.-;
best of references. 1827 Market st.. room T..
EDUCATED lady, ipeaks and writes several
languages, wishes position by the day; btbt
references. Address P. E. A.. Call offl-c, !
Alameda. '
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by
the day or at home. $2 and lunch. 27U
Pearl et.. bet. Valencia. Market and 13th.
YOUNG lady of exceptional ability as sten-
ographer wishes position In law office: $3
per week to start. Address box 1K0U. Call. J
¦ —^— ¦— ~— ~—~ 1
TWO young ladles wish situations, one as
waitress, other as chambermaid. Box 3295,
Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER— Experienced, good cutter and
fitter, would like a few more engagements
by the day; terms reasonable. Box 3383. Call.
AN experienced pantry girl desires situation
in hotel or restaurant, or will wash dishes. .
Call or .write M. D., 15 Minna st.
j MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position as cook
and light housework In German family. In-
quire 21'47 Mission Et. . j
AN elderly lady wiahes a place to work; good
home and small waKeo. Please call or ad-
dress 271 Thirteenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like washing.
Ironing and house-cleaning: $1 50 day; gooti
work done. Box 8343, Call.
; A COMPETENT young girl wishes a position
to do second work. Call at "•« Isis et.. off
Twelfth, between Folsom and Harrison.
A GIRL wfohes position to take children out
during the day or would as.-i.-t a few hours
at any IIkIH work. Box 19S0. Call office.
YOUNG woman, skilled in all lines of ofni*
work, also experienced as manager, desir-i
responsible position. Box 1-VC. Call.
FIHST-CLASS Marostresfa wants situation;
v.culd take care at frown children or dj
chamberwork. Box 2304, Call. j
A WOMAN with a child, good cook, wants
work; country. 324 Mason St.; phune Black
i J^± i
AN American woman, good cook. Wants posi- :
tlon. working housekeeper; city or country. |
324 Ma-<«on St.; phone Black 235MJ.
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
; and ironing by the day, Tuesdays. 120-'!
j Vallejo et. ; no postals.
i TRAINED nurse wishes engagements: reason- I
¦ b.ble; convalescent cases half price. Phoao
; Polk 4T00.
j ¦ —
! GIRL wants situation as a nuts.'. Apply 520
Bush st.
RESPECTABLE clrl wants situation as a
child's nurse. Apply 500 Durv.nt st.
GIRL v.-cntj» eituation in picture frame store.
1 Apply H. F. VOWINKEL. 704 Larkin ft.
j POSITION by young lady as bookkeeper, with
knowledge of stenography. Box ;>2(J2, Call.
! GIRL wants situation as typewriter. Apply
; 520 Bush st.
j GIRL wishes situation as laundress. Apply
j 329 Shipley st.
FIRST-CLASS Ironer; city or country. Box
72. 1008 Market st.
SECOND girl wants a position. Box 73. 1003
I Market st.
j WANTED — Situation as nurse. Apply 514 Bush
: et.. room 14.
I WOMAN wants work by the day. Fall 9»i
: Salmon st.. off Pacific, near Taylor.
FIRST-CLASS rook desires position, city or
country. 327 Kearny st.
WASHING taken at home. 24 Camp st., be-
j tween 16th and 17th. of! Gurrriro.
EXPERIENCED German lady -cook want*
1 work: city or country. Box ;«.»(0, Call office.
1 YOUNG lady wishes situation in office. Box
! 325)1. Call olflce.
,
SITUATION as nurse. Box :^S)5 Call offlce.
I WOMAN wan. a work by the day. 20 Madisun j
! avenue.
i WOMAN wants work by the day. 2024A
Bryant st. .
f A LADY will work afternoons C5o; dressmak-
' Ing cr seamstress. Box 3'JOO. Call.
• AN experienced saleslady tle«ires permanent
position. Box 3341. Call office.
AN experienced and compttent bookkeeper de-
sires position. Box 3311. Call office. '
A GOOD Japanese girl wants position as
schoolgirl in a small family. MISS TAKA.
WANTED — Good finisher en pants; steady
j work. 104 Kearay St.. top floor.
I GOOD DRESSMAKER wanted; also an lm- '
j r-rover. IHW Eddy st.
STENOGRAPHER wanted In broker's of flea; i
young lady Mate salary wanted. 33C3. Call. !
SEAMSTRESS for dressmaking; well paid; :
aleo apprentice, paid. 135 Geary st., room 120.
A COMPETENT laundress wishes work for
Monday; call Sunday. 1123 Laguna st. j
WANTED — Washing. Ironing and house-clean- {
Ing by the day. 1507 Mission st. ¦
YOUNG girl 10 years old would like position j
as nurseglrl. Address A. M., 735 Ellis st.
COMPETENT girl rrants position as waitress. ;
Apply 520 Bush st. j
YOUNG lady wants situation to do pecond
work. Address box 338U. Call offlce.
WANT to cook cr do ! any kind of work In
kitchen. 251 H Harriet st.
FEW more families' wash to take home; card
or Inquire; prompt attention. 281» Baker et.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like position
s« cook or take charge of child with party
who is going to Santa Cruz for the summer;
beat of references. 1827 Market St., room 5.
AN expert stenographer desires work all or
part of time; or win take charge of offlce for
privilege of taking In outside work. Box
1S78. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes to do housework In
STrV. 1 ,.? 1 * 111 ? 1 no w » f " h 'ns- Address MISS
MARIE SCHWARTINO. Twenty-first ave..
near K «t, south.
YOUNG woman, skilled in all lines of offlce
work. ' also experienced as manager, desires
responsible position. Box 18S2, Call offlce.
WANTED — By middle-aged woman work as
second cook, plain cook or chambermaid ;
¦wages reasonable; understands all kind of
hotel work. Box 3252, Call.
HRI.r \V » \TPD— FF.M * T,F, — Cn*.
COOK. Menlo Park $35
. Cook for sanitarium $ : >5
Cook, small hotel, city *W
Cook and second girl. saro« house. fU>«s
Valley $:i0-$20
Cook, hotel, abort distance country *-!5
Houseglrl. no washing. Ross Valley $ :> >'>
a second girls, city *-5
Nurse, grown children, country.. $•"•'»
4 nursegirls. city $20-i25
Chambermaid and laundress • * : !-J
Laundress, country hotel, fare paid $—"»
Cook, tt adults. Alvarado ..., *-5
Maid and seamstr?*s. sleep home *'¦'>>>
Bell girl, small family hotel ...$15
German nurserirl - $2O
Nurseglrl, «5-year-old child, sleep home.. $25
Waitress, lunch cafe, short , hours, no Sun_
day work ' • *7
Chambermaid and waitress, country $25
4 waitresses for country hotel, fare paid.^.
% ......... ......... ..........-..•• • ' J0-$U5
¦ 4i hAUserirls for city. Oakland. San Mateo.
I Sar? Rafcei. Sau*alito and all near-by
towns • • .$-iO-$2.-»-x.1o
Apply Monday to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
.134 Sutter st.
$1 EVERY hour you work placing Allen's!
Kushlon Komfort Shoes: outsell everything;
no risk. Call or write Kushton Komfort !
. Agency. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
¦ RELIABLE woman, good plain cook, willing:
family of 2: good salary to right party. Call
at 115 Telegraph ave;. Oakland: apply be-
t tween 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. to-day.
' ACTIVE, refined lady, with business ability.
for responsible position; all or part time;
large acquaintance desirable.' Address box
' 1160. Call offlce. Oakland. -
LADY as local manager In her town or city;
$20 weekly at home; no traveling. Address
MME LE MOTNE. 27 East Twenty-second
• . St.. New York. . ¦
LADIES — To do pWcework home; w« furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34 E. Mon-
; roe st.,~ Chicago.
MINUET skirt A waist holders; largest profit* :
. * exclurlve territory; sample free. WHEELER
& BALDWIN. Randolph and 5th. Chicago.
WANTED— A lady that understands how to
" make pies and home jellies for a store: $25
month: must room out. 200 Leavenworth <tt.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods saleswomen.
Apply at HALE BROS.' between 0 and 11
a. m.
FOUR mature women to be placed at once with t
wholesale house: references and bond re- I
• quired. Box 3301. Call efflce. 1
A LADY possessing r>«rsonallty. energy and !
ability to represent elegant line en the road. ,
Box M22, Call office. . ; I
WANTED — Experienced dressmaker to go out i
by the day. Address box 1154. Call office. 1
Oakland.
EXPERIENCED paleslady. knitted underwear
and hosiery. JOE ROSENBERG. Price Cut-
ter, 810 Market St.
A GIRL to do second housework and attend
to boy ft years old. Apply to 2500 Green »t.,
comer Scott.
1 TYPEWRITER girl for light offlce work; $5
per week. Call Sunday. 12 to 3. Crossley j
1 j building, room 427. :
¦ A— OPERATORS on ladles waists. C56 Mission
st., third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladles* underwear. 65rt
Mission st.. third floor.
, A — OPERATORS on ladles' wash skirts. C5fl
Mission st.. third floor.
STENOGRAPHER, literary ability and some
means, as offlce manager. Box 3271, Call.
COMPETENT dressmaker by the day. Ad-
dress with terms, box 3318. Call offlce.
WANTED — Waist and skirt hands; errand
1 girl. Call Sunday. 1615A Clay st.
WANTED— Lady to take charge flat for rocm
and half profits Box 32S4. Call.
GIRL to assist In housework. Apply 2425 !
1 Post st.
WANTED — A young servant girl: German pre-
ferred. Call at 703 Webster st.
GIRL to do light house-cteaninc In the morn-
Ing; only 2 rooms. 1312H Mission St.'
YOUNG girl wanted to do gen?ral houseworK;
call before noon. 1CS4 Pane st.
EXPERIENCED tuckers and .operators on !
shirt waists. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market, j
A YOUNG girl to a^lFt with children and !
: I housework. Apply 2325 Bryant st.
WANTED— A colored girl to care for children.
Box 3371. Call.
WANTED — An experienced finisher on coats.
I 409 Stevenson st.
WANTED— Middle-aged lady. light housekeep-
I Ing; reference required. Apply 3G«2 10th st.
. ' EXPERIENCED dressmaker by the day; prl-
I 1 vate family.. 2410 Van Ness ave.
. PANTS finishers and good sewers.' 245 Seventh
¦ street. |
' WANTED — Experienced alteration hands on
skirts and Jackets. Apply at HALE BROS.',
, between 0 and 11 a. m.
WRAPPER wanted at STRAUSS A FROH-
MAN'S. 107 Post st.
' GIRL for general housework: small family;
must understand cooking. .1323 Stockton st.
MACHINE operators wanted. H. ANDERSON.
2G O'FarreU st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan i- Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of Th* Call for the reception
of advertisements and aubccrlptlAns has been |
cpened at 100S Market at., opposite Fifth.
[ Open until 11 o. m. j
J ... ¦ .. . , «
HELP WASTED — &IALi2.
' A— CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT AGCT.,
035 Washington St.; phone James 3301.
We ship daily to Nevada; Government ditch
work, 8 hours; special cheap fare: laborers ?-.
Rockmen. $2 25; teamsters, $2 25 day.
Woodcutter, factory, $3 50 day; cheap fare;
steady Job.
Teamsters, new electric R. R., free fare, $2.
Carriage painter, striper and varnlsher. $3 50.
3 more woodchoppers.. $1 75 cord: cheap fare
Camp cook for (» or 7. long Job. $30 found.
Boys, parti and door factory, $1 25 to $1 50
day. cheap fare.
First-class gardener, understands greenhouse,
private place $30 and found.
Open Sunday till 12 m. L. H. Cutting & Co.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
, ' 602 Clay st. ; phone James 2476.
SHIP TO-DAY SHIP TO-DAY
NEW RAILROAD WORK— NORTH.
' 7 teamsters $2 25 day
» S laborers .- $2 day
Ranch hands, Yolo Co.. $30 month and board.
Cheesemaker. Sacramento Co., $40 mo. board.
Mtlker. near city. $.".."> month and board.
Teams wanted, railroad grade- work.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
C02 Clay st.. near Montgomery.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
602 Clay st. Phone James 2476.
Cook, country hotel, $40 month and found.
Bench hands. Yolo Co.. - $30 mo. & board.
' Harvest hands, $1 50 to $2 day and board.
NEW R. R. WORK. NORTH.
Teamsters. $2 25 day; laborers, $2 day;
wood turner, bench hands, milkers etc
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
602 Clay st., near Montgomery.
WINDOW - DRESSER and cardwriter for
country store, $25 week; 2 spooltenders, $50
to $<M> and board: handy man for club $50:
farmers; $1 25 day and board; milkers, $35
- ' and board;- 2 farmers and wives, $47 50 and
' $00 and found; 2 wagonmakers, $2 50 and $3
: day; machine men. $3 day; coooers: fam-
ily hotel cook. $50 to $60 and found; shop
baker, country, $50 and found: waiters, dlsh-
t washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, "
63S Commercial St., 638.
Phone Main 111*1 near Kearny ?t.
Office ooen to-day, 10 a. rn. to 12 m.
K laborers, good job. north, year's work,
• $2 2S day. ship to-day. ;
Free fare — R R. work — Fee $1 — 10 teamsters
" (2-horse). 10 laborers. $2.
5 laborers, S hours; free far.*. $2. i
Nevada ditch work — We fhip to-morrow i
¦ (Monday) n!?ht. Call and see us to-day.
j A MAN and wife for private family In country.
' { , $50; man for outside work: woman for cbok-
| ing. MISS PLUNKETr*. 425 Sutter at.,
t nf. Powell; office hours. 8:30 a.m.-5:.tO p.m.
K :¦:..-. / ALL "
1 Men to learn the -BARBER TRADE: only
! eight week* required: positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed fr?e.
¦ MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
' WANTED — An able and experienced wnoteaal?
i Imrjlware man for. po?ltlofl of price cl«rk In
j wholesale hardware house In Sacramento;
liberal salary to right party. Address P. O.
box C21.. Sacramento. CaL
1 GOOD 'ntellltfi-nt errand boy about 14 years of
i age; alro boy about 1G to IS years of age to
1 run elevator. Apr.ly Monday morning at
. ' SHERMAN. CLAT & CO.S. Kearny ami
. J fcutter sts.
' WANTED — Competent accountant, able to
j. take charge of a eet of books under direc-
tion: state ag». address, referenced and ex-
; I pertence. • Address box 3296. Call offlce.
.'WANTED — Gocd salesmen to handle our
t fountain pens as a side. line; liberal commt*-
| slona. SCRITCHFIELD Pen Company.
• Jane8V> " e - WU. .-...¦ . / ¦
: . .THE address of , a . shoemaker who makes a
specialty of work for crippled or deformed
• " feet. Address box 2, Bcnlcia, Cal.
mmVOYAJfT* — Ton«litn»»H.
- mas reruns hkvkalbd. the past
DISCLOSED.
The l'rrsent Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. lAVlXOSTOiSEfB readme* are like
a living j>»tre of Fiarciuarion's treatise that is
no clectr*tv:ng th* world to-day. He is no
imitator. Hi* wcrk is upon original Uses,
pure thought, cltar vision. He telle you what
juu desire 4i> know and works in the open
lit hi.
Ha is s.e conspicuous fcr his wonderful occult
analysis as he is for his original expression
ar.d vivid truthfulness.
A test reading le not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
i.i\t you a full life readlr-e for (1. A test
it, of "little value; when the mind is troubled
vnu n»-e<i more substantial aid and advice.
This is Just what PHOF. LIVINGSTONE
(iin }-i>u v.-ben you call en him for a flm-
•*«.!ats clairvoyant readine-
Hf a?ks you no questions, but tells you
vhat you wish to know.
H*" does nnt mention all the ills end mls-
fvrtuDea. you are heir to. You are acquainted
with. the fact* In your case. Let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analyse the matters that are
troubling you. find the caus-e of trouble and
t\zg£t*l tiie remedy.
Permanently located 4CS Eddy ft.; 3 «epa-
rate-Teeeption parlors. Lady attendant. Hours,
H t. w. to ? r>. m.
CARPET BKATI.NO AKD CLEAXI3IO.
COMPRESSED air ar.d vacuum system now
# univers*U!y ui«ed in cleaning carpets on
'floor: without removal; price moderate. 6.
F. Compreered Air Cleaning Co.. 808 Mar-
ket et. Tel. Main 1C2. Buth 479.
• V. HEN you become disgusted with your work
eenc for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Wcrks. CtS-357 Tehama st. TeL South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.. clean-
Icg & layl::g cone reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Pnperior Carpet-Beating Works,
, S33 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 128.
. HQPKE BP.OS.: excellent carpet-beating: m»t-
tresaec made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
•ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet -beating wortti: prices
rto.sor.able. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mlf«lon 263.
COTTAGKH TO L.KT.
BEAt"T7FT*L modem cott&re. Presidio Heights.
CIO Locust ft., near Washington; very sunny,
all window* facing south: Urge lawn, gar-
den smi eonaemtarjr: one marine view.
SHAINWALD. DUCKDEE & CO.. 21S-220
* Montgomery ft.
$11 — NEW cottapc: f> r. : 17 Ho*coe st. Miaslon-
•t. cars to Crescent ave.. flr^t street to right.
4 R<*>oms. tawegaeat and yard. Inquire 2946
Mtfgjon >t.
COTTACI'S — M WUHAN — TO LKT.
CAMP MEEKER — Coli-mat cottage. 5 rooms;
fumifh^d. Inquire W. Marlon. 1853 Bush.
CAPE XOME.
TICKET offlce for a!l point* In Alaska. C. F.
MOORE, JC7 Market ft., room 309. First
cteamer May 21 ; $75 first class.
COt^rCTTOHjOrTTejB*;
BAD tenants ejected for $*: collections male:
city or country- Parlftc Collection Co.. 413
Mr>nt*r-Tnrry. rooms J>-10: tet. Main SSRO.
CaCDIT CX.OTKXEBS.
C F.~ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL. CREDIT STORE.
«• We clothe the whele family from hat» to
shoe*: everything up to date at cash price*.
Credit for all 31* Maron Bt.
CLOTHISO SrirOVATIKO.
fcL'lTS cleaned ana pressed, $1; scouring «nd
dyeinfc. Bun March*. 4U Ellis el. room 14;
.phone I>ruc.ra 44. CaJl for acd deliver Iree.
CtTE.ES EuPTCSE.
¦TTTfOT rilinTfl. 12Ct5 Market st. ; $100; rupture
• curr fnr SI'): circular explains: tend for ens.
DliXTlSTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted i« yrs.: crswn, $3 50; fillings. 60c;
piat«i. tS: full eet; all wcrk |.a:nl>.«i and
warranted. Chicago Dental t'arlors. 21 Sixth.
T,'U. VaVUCU HII.L. I««:: Market. nr.Elevemn
— No charre lt>r extractinc Tihtn plates are
made; old ;>!ates male over iike new; teeth
lrom $8 t-er set: extracting 5j»c: gas given.
. J'ans !>er;tal Parlor*. 2 13 Zlearny, or. Bush —
• S< t tifth. $1 r<-i uj.; crewns. $2 up:fil!lnss.£5c.
ARTKIT. CHIPHOLM ?uri;eon-dentiat.r.l4.1»t
•floor l'helan bid.. SOfi Market, cor. O'FarreU.
GOI.r» fliilncv 75c; wttrer, We: crown*. $2; no
% r*ln: or*>n 5unday«. Dr.O B H»wltt.204 Suttr.
|)fttvfc*y%HKKfi *M> •FKistSTUKyMfis'
•»<IX>WEI.L DUEESUAKDCQ AND MILLI-
NKHV SCZIOQL teaches the world reaowned
Mc!Jowe!l eyftetn of dret-smaking hap no
*qual; tiiF every lorm. f>j!low« every fashion;
btpt course In mtliir.ery given on the coast:
pupil? ftttei ivr riu*.net=8 or flrst-clasa posi-
ticr:s; 2 »'e*-ks ir. tawing department free to
, pupils <ni.eriri£ ttefcre May l.V patterns cut to
tr.'-ajure: rresScs cjces. 1C19 Market st.,
above t.xth.
".ACCORDION. sunburst and kr.!f>-plaitir.g.
Ptpwart> butter. ar.J buttonhole factory. 110
Taylor rt.; tel. Fo'*-)m 2121.
McDOWELL Dr«wrr.ak:r4t & Millinery School—
Patterr.a cut to roeas-jre: eve. rlasa. 1010 Mkt.
' KIJttATIOXAU
JKT borne In our new quarters, the largeet, brst
ilfehtvd and moct deiifchuui place uf buclnes*
etudy in the entire Weal. New, compete,
extensive department*. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-i/ag« catalogue on request..
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. UU-
925 Golden Gate ave.
„ PApLO LA VILLA of Florence. Italy. Juit ar-
rlved; singing lessons, pur* Italian method;
cpera. oratorio, ballad, glee; accompanUt for
concerts and drawing-room; special terms for
profession* !s. The Roosevelt. 546 Sutter eL
HEALDB BUSINESS COLLEGE~~2T POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, ehorthand. touch typing.
• ianguagffc. t»l«-Rrapr.y. English branches; day
and night seaciocs; Illustrated catalogue free.
/TRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket et.; established 18 years; the school that
eecures positions for graduates: just added 25
new typewriters; calklo£ue free.
A LARGER and better ivchnot than erer; enter
j at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
thorthacd, Elite bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 123U Market Et.
HEALITS Ecbco'i of Minen&EIectricity. 21 Post
t it., S. F.; h practical school of engineering;
¦complete equipment. £M*r'al catalogue free.
. ENGINEERING— Civil. *lec. mm., mech.. ?ur-
v«-y, ii.-r»y. cyanldt; day. »v. ; cut. J«M4. Van
Or Natllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEN'D GallefTh'-r-Mfcrfh Business Colleje on
advlct of official court reporter* snd be com-
P*ter.t rtenographers. l:JS2 Market: catalog.
WKSTERN EufineFx CoIlsgoiOdd Fellow*- bid.;
. booUkeeplrig, *horthar:d. touch typing, arith.,
. spelling, writing, etc.; day. eve.; (I mo. tve. '
1'IANO tausht in C months by an cxpcrirr'wd
• teacher: fa month. 8 >.-f^n>: special attrntlcn
to adult beginners. Bos Call office.
DANCING — Prc>?sor Ftndlay hsa reopened his
Juvenile classes ut Kindlay's Hall. 17th St.:
Saturday 2 to 5: private lesson* d.-.lly.
SPANISH— My 4th rucc^Ksful year of teach-
irit.. PHOF. DOMINGO C. MAYA of Mad-
rid. 427 falter Ft.
CALIFORNIA School or Optic?; complttc
coutre in ojiIick given. R. B24. 1312 Market.
Ul,"CK iU5«l •wlnB. ji*rs. clcKf. Kulpty. Feng and
<lf.r>c. tind »altl taught. IKVIXK'S. 421 Post. '
KPAN1P1I— a practical and progrmsire method
RAFAEL SEnaXXO. C30 California, r. 4l
OUITAR. mar.d&lin and piano. $.t per mo ¦
tnand.-.iln Hut), per mo. His Htlcht at.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION- -Day and
• **AmiSGT.ONE. 424 Pino n— Night clan
UJin. WALTERS! rtxmX. card reader; la. 25c;
trenty r.<»c. 'j^i Mi^Flon ft., nr. tltb; open Sun!
MMK. MARFEAt;. card reaier; ladles 25c*
pent* Tak ; tiourf. ! 10 9. 120 Sixth st. '
XIME. Hi:RNANDKZr~wpridcrful palmist and
. card reader. 421 Hydo at.
. KENT Uw School, day and n'rht; s»nd for
. piirtipulars. 5S0 Parrott building.
PRIVATE lessons in telegraphy at 216 Scott
fit., near Huisht.
PJLAKO le-'fon*. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experieni-^J teacher. 1CI3 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A tiTUK'S r.fwi fcr 9 c««nta — The Weekly Call.
lii t>ar»fc. in wrapper, for -islllng. $1 per rear
K M PLO WIEST OFFICES.
CEORGE AOK1, 421 Poet et. r^elTlBush'"l35^
Japanese- Chinese employment office: fur-
nUhr* yn help: contracts for farm help; etc.
A — OBPUKUM Employment Office — Japaneae-
Chintise help. *2ii Powell «t. Tel. Main £7S2.
CHINESE Err.plo>Tnent Offle* — Deit help st
Loon Leung's. 41H4 O'FarreU; teL East 428.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
Iw"I.IAI!7.K Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main SI8S.
.CHINESE and Japanese help; estate. 20 years.
Ttl. Main 1037. ERADLET & CO., UO Clay.
EMPLOYMENT 'WANTED— MALE. I
PORTER wants situation, either hotel or sa-
loon. • T. W. DAY. 500 Bush st.
WANT a position as barkeeper. Address box
3310. Call offlce. ' . ¦ -
AN experienced stock boy want's a position.
Box 3317. Call offlce.
WANTED— A position as a clerk. Box 327G, I
Call office. ; . j
SMART boy wants 'position sausage factory, j
RICHARD GOMMO, 817 Valencia st.
WANTED — Position In summer resort by flr*t- |
class barkeeper. Box 3272. Call offlce.
FLRST-CLASS barkeeper wishes position; 10 1
¦ years' experience. Address box 3320, Call. !
GOOD carriage painted wants Job; country
town. Addrers 000 Kearny St., or C25 Pacific.
DRIVER wishes eituation; steady and reliable;
with one firm tt years. Box 3310, Call.
WANTED— Work as Janitor. GEORGE !
FOLEY, 347 Third st. I
SALESMAN wants specialty on commission;
general tr^ade preferred. Box 3279, Call. \
ENGINEER or fireman; residence 324 Bush j
street. j
WANTED — Position as stock clerk; best of ref- '
erences. Box 33l'8,^jCall offlce. . • j
EXPERIENCED plumber wants work; city or i
j country. Box 3331, Call offlce.
WANTED — Situation as salesman. E. FARGO, I
31 Kearny st. ¦ - i
WANTED — A position as porter In palnthouse. |
Box 3333, Call offlce. '. |
I BOY wants work on Saturday. Box 3332. Call
offlce. - \
SITUATION wanted as grocery clerk; at pres-
ent employed. Address box 3350, Call offlce.
POSITION as dishwasher. Box 3354, Call of-
flce. '
EXPERIENCED tailor wishes position. Box
; 3318, Call offlce. *
SITUATION In cigar stand by sober. Intelli-
gent young man. Box 3357, Call.
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class all-round
candy-maker. Box 3375. Call.
SITUATION wanted as elevator boy. Tele-
j phone Pace "570.
BARBER wants situation; steady. Box "Aio, <
j Call offlce.
| PAPEKHANGING and painting by the (Jay
1 wanted. Apply 47 Eleventh st.
, STRONG boy wants work of any kind. 1510
j Mlsslor. gt. •
| _ . . _J |
j YOUNG man wants position as coachman, i
| 20 West Mission tt. '
• : • '
. YOUNG man wants work of any kind. li'A2
! Ml5»Ion st..
YOUNG man wants position as porter in hotel.
Address box 3340. Call. *
WOULD like work as hostler. Apply JAMES
HARRIS. 744 Howard st.
MAN wants situation as coachman In private
family or for doctor. Box 3339, Call.
COACHMAN wants situation; useful" arourd
I house; beet references. T. I]., 441 Jessie et.
WOULD like work as baker. Apply OTTO
WITT. 740 Howard st.
WAITER experienced and steady, desires po- '
sition in plain hotel. Box 336S, Call. i
A GERMAN and wife, private place or ranch. '
Apply to MKS. NORTON. 313 Sutttr fit. ;
POSITION wanted as barkeeper. Apply at 800 i
Polk st. .1
WANTED — Ponltlon as- porter. '¦ Apply at 500
Dupont ft., cor Pine. . ,
WANTED— Position as clerk. Address K., 013 •
Larkin st.
A BARTENDER, German, experienced, would
like a situation. 112 Lily ave.
WATCHMAN wants position. 520 Bush St.,
room 5. I
AN Italian young ' man wishes employment
with a good firm as assistant bookkeeper, of-
flce or shipping clerk.- or to start at the bot-
tom for a chance to better position: quick at
figures; good penman; salary no object. Box
32W>. Coll office.
MIDDLE-AGED Englishman, well educated, i
speaks and writes German and French flu- •
ently. business experience, seeks work. Cleri-
cal amanuensis, wait- on invalid, about place, j
anything; small wages. Box 1881. Call. J
WANTED — By a teamster, lately ovsr from '
New. Zealand, a Job; k used, to .road hauling;,
country preferred;. - references is . required.
Box 3263. Call office.' , , .- ¦ ; j
MECHANICAL engineer, draughtsman, desires 1
situation and - evening work in any line In '
engineering: competent detailer: many years'
shop experience. Box 1884, Call. :
YOUNG married man. Danish, wants position ]
slb driver, in country or city: understand*
. care of * horse; and cows. Call WILLIAM
WESTERGAARD. 612 Ta^or St. !
DRAUGHTSMAN, mechanical, graduate, 7 1
years' experience, wants position; also em- i
ploymcnt during leisure hours makings nice j
drawings at reasonable rates. Box 1833,"" Call, j
A FIRST-CLASS frameworker desires position
as a fitter or any position requiring the use
of tools; 7 years last employed. Box 71, 1008
| Market Bt.
I GENERAL mlddle-ayed competent reliable
i German would like a situation on ranch or i
j vineyard; understands milking or can do any j
1 kind of work; city or country. Box 3259, Call. [
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer |
and detailer, 18 years' experience, mining, j
stationary, marine work, wants oosltlon or
. work at home. Box 3208. Call offlce. !
I EXPERIENCED and reliable bartender wishes I
. steady position; country preferred. Box,
3207. Call office. 4
SOBER young man. German, like to drlvs !
butcher wagon and help in shop. Box 3300 i
Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man, German, wants work in
private house; can handle horses and milk
cows. Box 3264, Call.
MAN desires place to do chores; understands
horses and housework: can milk; small
wages; gocd home preferred. Box 3307, Call.
WANTED — Position as night watchman; best
references. Box 1870, Call.
WANTED — Situation as hostler. Box 32U8.
Coll offlce.
YOUNG man wants position; will do any kind
of work. Box 1090. Call. i
I BOOKKEEPER or traveling salesman; b«st of 1
, experience and references. Box 3308, Call.
HOTEL clerk wants position, city or "country; ''
best of references. Clerk, 11C5 Mission st.
YOUNG man. experienced machinist, with ;
technical education, desires situation with I
wholesale machine firm. Box 1991, Call.
A YOUNG man recently from the East would
like a situation: has had good experience in
the dry goods bualnera. Box 1948. Call.
YOUNG man. German, wants work as porter
in saloon or hotel. Box 2000, Call.
MAN speaking 0 languages desires position as
Interpreter or courier to Europe; traveled
principal cities In Europe. M.. box 1945.
Call offloi
JAPANESE, flrst-class cook, wants situation
In small family; experienced as waiter and
houceworker; wages ?8 week up. Box 3329,
Call offlce. -
YOUNG Japanese wants position as school
boy In family. Address TAKI, 514 Pine st.
JAPANESE. flrst*cla«s cook, wants a good po- 1
titlon in family. EMATO. 110 Golden Gate. I
GOOD Japanese cook wants situation in a!
family. Address GEORGE. 017 Webster st..
Oakland.
FIXAXCIAL.
EXCEPTIONAL opportunity is offered party or I
parties with $100,000 or more to invest In
legitimate enterprise that will stand cl^e In- |
vfBtlfratlon; principals only. Call 504 Kearny
St., room 12. •
FLATS FOR SALK — FUKK1SHKO.
6 ROOMS and bath; furnished complete: to be
sold immediately at a sacrifice; central loca-
tion. A. B. SMITH CO. . 1 2.S-132 Ellis bt. j
5-ROOM flat, furnished; will- sell, for $250;
parties leaving city; rent $20; rooms rented
pay rent and gas. Box 1976. Call. -
AT a sacrifice— A newly furnished flat cf 8
rooms and bath. Apply 753 Eddy st. -
ELEGANT furnished flat for sale; open for In-
apectlon from 10 a. m. to 4. p. m. 1427 Oak.
FOR Fale — Furniture of a nve-rooro. flat; very •
reasonable. 7 H Madison ave.
FURNITCRE of- 4-room/ modern flat; 2 rooms
- pays rent.'- 610 Stevenson Et. ' •
VAN NESS ave.. 807— For sale cheap, fur-
niture of a 7-room flat. '
A BARGAIN— 7-rooms. bath: completely far-
" n'ahf.d; cheap rent; So. Park. Box 325tt, Call. _
. FLATS WASTED. ' "
COTTAGE or upper flat of 4 or 5 rooms; north
of . Market; t25. .- Box 3321. Call/ , 1
FLAT, 3 or 4 rooms, or unfurnished rooms;!
' rent reasonable. Box 3320, 'Call.
I FliATII TO LET. : . '
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vactnt noutev and flats are list-
ed in our free renting ciepartment: over 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies:
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fail; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
lnCK) MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER. _
j $25— 070 CHURCH; house. 6' rooms and bath, i
$18— 122VS Grove; 5 rooms. '
$12—122 San Carlos ave., near 18th and Mis-
I . t slon; 3 rooms.
I $13 — 1»6 Colllngwood; 4 rooms and bath.
| r S12— i:f68 Stevenson St.; 3 rcoms.
$10—1729 Church: 3 sunny rooms..
— 2'.»1S Clay; houre. 8 rooms and. bath.
. PATTERSON. Hxaminer bide.. rm/2C2.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an lmmer.se ll.n.
service absolutely, free; take advantage ot
I this department: It will save you time and
; trouble. Corden Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
1 at., on the square.
r . » •¦ = • .. •
NEARING completion, six elegant flats. 6-7
y rnomn and bath; sun. light; Oak St.. facing
Panhandle; Park view; rents reasonable;-
open Sunday between 2 and 4 p. m. Agent,
j G. H. UMBSEN. 20 Montgomery st. ¦•
' BASEMENT flat, 3 rooms and smalt kitchen;
I clean, dry, B"d modern; *>«\tn and
> laundry; hot and cold water. 12 Bowie
j ave., bPt. Howard and Folsom sts., off
• Eleventh; references.
! NEW flat to^ent; one of the nicest flats In
; the Mission, with .7 sunny rooms and bath;
i. latest Improvements.. No. 3620 Twenty-fifth
! st., between San Jose ave. and Guerrero; rent
reasonable.
A SUNNY upper flat of 5 rooms, bath, sanitary
plu in bins and washtub at 328% Ritch St.,
bet. Brannan and Towneend; rent $12 50.
Key at grocery. No. 324. . • . ¦ *
ELEGANT new flats: reversible windows;
. blrdseye maple mantels; all modern Improve-
ments; rent reasonable. 1809-1827 Mission.
GROVE. 1-158— Upper sunny flat of 8 rooms,
piano, *tc: near Park; adults, only; $45;
from 10 to 3. , .
MISSION. 2732 bet. 23d and 21th: sunny i
flat of 7 rooms and bath : rent $10. VOX
j RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California-.
NOE. 157 to 165. 1 block north of Market st..
-near Henry — Klegant new tt and 7 room flats;
; pun all day. ¦ ~
SIXTH, 23 tVj— Desirable uc^er 6 rooms and
bath; rent nasonable. UMBSEN CO., 20
Montgomery at. . -
SL'KSY flat of' 3 rooms, "yard and cellar in
rear of nil Filbert St.; $0. Inquire baker
j shop. OH Filbert st. .. . .....
TWO sunny flats, 5 and'tt rooms. Just com-
i pleted; open Sundays. 1319-1323 Pine St., i
I between Lyon and Central avenue.
BRODERICK. 1431— Nice mod. middle flat. 5
rins. ; also upper flat, 10 row. : rent reasonable j
CAPP. 10S0 — New runny flats. C rooms, bath; ;
rooms frescoed; rent $22 30 and $25.
EDDY. 1)48. near Franklin — Lower flat. 5 rooms
and bath.
ELEGANT new 0-rooms. billiard-hall; sun in
every room; fine view. 030 Pierce st.
ELLIS. V.'K — Parlor floor, kitchen, etc.; separ-
ate entrance;all conveniences for dressm'k'rs.
FELL. 51S — 4 large sunny rooms', kitchen and
basement; rent $18.
. FLAT cf .1 large sunny rooms; upper part of
! modern house. 575 Liberty st., near Castro.
. FLAT. 1337 Ellis ft., bet. Laguna and Bu-
j chanan; 5 rooms, bath; rent $20.
'¦ FLATS on Perrv Ft., near Third, 114. 118 ;
! and 118!£; also 37 Langton st.
.FRANKLIN. 2344. bet. Broadway and Vallejo
] — 3 modern flats; marine view; moderate.
j HICKORY are.. 343, near Laguna — Upper flat,
¦ 5 rooms and bath.
i |
, JUNIPER, XIV,. bet. 10th and 11th. off Folsom
I — Flat of 4 nice rooms; nunny; open to-day.
j MASONIC ave.. 1317, near park — Elegant sun- .
j ny up-to-date upper flat. i
MOSS~31— Middle 4 rooms: rent $12. UMB*- j
SEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery et. !
NEW upper flat of 3 rooms and small i
. rent $10. 5*3 Twenty-sixth ave.. Richmond.
I NEW elegant sunny flat of •'• rooms and bath.
i 1700 Halrht st.. Golden Gat* Park.
NEW flat, NE. corner Pine and Steiner; six
I rooms and bath.
NICE modern corner flat; 7 rooms and. bath.
' 728 Devlaadero St., corner Fulton.
I POLK 2500A — New, sunny flat of 3 rooms and
| .-. bath: rent $15.- . '
") POLK, 2526 — New, sunny flat 4 rooms and
J bath: latest Improvements; $2150.
i REDUCED — Sunny new cor. upper flat. 6 rooms
j and bath. 22M Filbert St.; marine view.
TO let — New flats. 4. 5 and 6 rooms. North-
west corner Waller and Stelner sts.
WEST ave., 2. cor. Mission St.— $17 50; almost
'•' new upper fl!»t t 5 cleg. toie. :no adjoining bids.
! $lti — SUNNY flat, 3 rooms, bath, basement.
I 130 Eureka Bt., near Eighteenth.
$25 — NEW. up-to-date. 5-6 r.. sun, light, fine
view. Le Roy place, nr. Sacto and Jones.
$3r\ — upper flat of 0 rooms: modern. 1303 Vi
i Waller St., near Masonic ave.
$35-$42 50 — 7-8 r., flne views and neighborhood,
j light and' sun. 2509 Van Nesa and Union.
! ¦ ' . , ,. . ' .'!
f KI.ATS TO LKT~-KtJKXI»HKp.
I WILL rent my furnlsh«d flat. Western Addi-
tion, 7 rooms, gas cooking stove, to nice
'¦ couple: no children. JUL1EN SMITH, 420
• Montgomery *t.
FLAT of 7 rooms; elegantly furnished; Wash-
j inston rt.. near Scott.
PATTERSON. Examiner Bldg.. room 202.
i CAPP, C14 — Flat of 5 rooms: piano; coal and
gas ransre. Call between 11 and 4.
WELL-FURNISHED flat; Pacific ave.: mag-
nificent marine view; references. 3311 Call.
FIVE handsome sunny rooms; splendid view.
4230 Twentieth St., near Castro.
FLAT of 7 rooms; coal and gas stoves; piano.
i 713 Grove st.; call 11 to 3.
FLATiTwANTED—^FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat wanted: central: reasonable; ;
neat; 4 rooms. Box 3253. Call office.
I ~ FURMTLKK KOU *\LB. !
I FURNITURE for sale; ~ $75 worth for $7 50
I down and $1 50 per week. BRILLIANT'S,
' 340 Post St.. near Powell.
FOR sale — 6 rooms furniture.' whole or -In
i part; leaving city. 1028 Howard st.
NEW furniture of 8-room house: house to rent;
modern. 2151 Grove St., Oakland. .
KlKMTlilli: WA.NTKO.
~ y ABE LEVY^ ~*~ i
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don't sell ycur furniture, carpets, office fur-
ni ture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
CIIA8. LEVY & CO. pay highest prlo» for fur-
nlture, carpetc, etc 782 Mission ;tel. Bush 467.
A L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpet*, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellis.
B T: SCHELL. 2412 Mission.. teU Church 5570.
pays best prices for furniture, carpets, eta. '
i , HELP WANTED — FBJIALfi.
i A NURSE for one child, $30; references from
) last 'place necessary.
j A laundress who will do some chamber-
work, private family, $35. -
A waitress for restaurant In city. $0 week.
A cook for plain boarding-house, city, $40.
' A laundress and chambermaid. $30.
A cook for hotel, country. $50; 10 t Rood
- Fecond girls. $25 and $30. Call - at M1S3
* PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell;
| office hours, 8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
A WAITRESS for small family: no other
work: $H0: see lady here Monday. MISS.
PLUNKETT,. 425 "Sutter st.. near Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls to Jearn halrdressinx.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 55
• in " weeks: $5 to thos* entering now; J po-
I sltlors to fill immediately; position* guar»n-
' teed at $10 per > week un; leading •onoui .a
West. 233 Geary st.. room 1.1. . .
A— Girls to Jearn millinery now for spring »i>a-
sen; both scaions taught from start to nntth
In 1 month for $15; positions • as -trimmer*.
•alrsladles, etc.,- guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
ifcy and evening class. 14.1 Stockton »t., r. Vt
A— LADIES to learn all branches hatrdrrtfsing
> trade, manicuring, massage, .etc. . 1236 Mar-
'ket tt., cor. Jones, room vi; positions secured
' st highest wages: day, and eve, daw: call.
LADIES — Several vacancies open to complete
list; easy sewing for us at home; $15 weekly;
addressed envelope for lace sample. MA-
JESTIC LACE , CO.. K«w York.
I WANTED — Young lady for offtc» work; accu-
. rate at figures; good opportunity for begin-
ner. Apply at LIVINGSTON BROS.', 123.9
- * Post St. .-¦ . • . ¦ ¦' ¦ , .. : -,-.-. : V ¦ • ¦¦
I WANTED — Salesladies for -waist and mus!in
underwear departments. "Apply at 8 . o'clock
J Monday morning at LIVINGSTON BROS.*,
• 123-9 Post st. (second floor).
HELP WANTED — MALE — Com.
OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY). 8 TO 12 A. M.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay it.
PHONE MAIN 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agent*.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH, SWISS. FRENCH.
GERMAN. GREEK, ITALIAN.
Your fare free. Look— Free fare.
TO STATE OF NEVADA. ' „
If you stay four months. THATS AU§>
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
265 two- horse teamsters. $''•*>.
15U laborer*, you'll suit. »t:0.
!>3 drillers, rockmen, hammermen. $7&
Eight hours' work; hundreds going.
IN CALIFORNIA —
«» carcenters. city Jobs. $4 day.
4 carpenters, fare $1 40, fi 00 day.
3 paper^hacgers, fare $1 SO. $4 day.
2 painters, fare $1 50, $3 5O day.
4 Klumbers. fare $1 80. $5 day.
: 2 tinsmiths, fare $1 30, $4 day.
Wheelwright, operate wheel machine, far*
*l. $3 day.
Boiler maker, fare 60c. *3 and $3 50 day.
Driller for eranlte. $2 75 to $3 day.
Blacksmith. sta«re to Mendoclno Co.. $50 fd.
Wheelwrights, 50c fare, $50 fd.
I Letters and striper, Monterey C'°., e»» «*riy.
[ Pipe insulator, asbeitos factory, $2 75 day.
[ lt> coopera, slack work, stead}*
" cornice men. exceptlonalljrirood Jobsv $3 50
day.
2 cement finishers, north. $1 day.
4 plasterers, fare $1 50, $5 day.
Carriage painter, sticker hand, country, $4
day.
Motder and sticker hand, 2 door molders.
Gang edxeman. fare $1. $55 to $70 fd.
3 tallymen, big lumber co.. $1H>.
Double cut band sawyer. $3 day.
Screw turner. -8. C. Co.. $73.
| ft shintel* oackera. different places.
5 door molders. lumber company, boas her*,
$2 5O to $3 day.
4 stick hands, boss here, lumber company.
i Double-tree shaper and spindle shaper. $3.
4 carriage painters, different Jobs. $3 50 day.
4 spool tenders, lumber company. $50 and
found up.
Cutoff sawyer: 4 thlnglers. $1 per 1000.
Machinist, country factory, $3 day. -
Edgerroan, fare 11. $45 and found.
Man do rough painting. City corporation.
$2 25 day.
look:
12 horseshoers. city and country $4, $3 50,
$3, $2 50 day. *.»•«-»
14 blacksmiths' helpers $4. $3. $2 day.
LABORERS.
15 laborers; manufacturing companies, $2 day.
5 laborers. 15c fare. 12 day.
H scraper leaders. $2 25 day.
4 laborers to irrigate orchard, fare $1. $20 fd. '
STABLEMEN.
26 stablemen, city and country. $75, $60, $50
and foujid.
4 harness cleaners, extra good Jobs, $75.
6 buggy washers, extra good Jobs, $75.
4 hootiers aoiu tluurtuun. eAtrw »». .»i |nu». $75.
3 ccachmen, -country Job», $3O and found.
HAYMAKKRJ.
25 haymakers and mowers, 41 25 day found.
'M vineyard and orchard hands. S2O-$3O fd.
30 milkers and butter and cheese, makers.
J.'io to ISO found.
16 choremen and boys, $15 to $30 found,
ltf boys, box factories. $50.
5 boys In machine shops, etc., $4 week up.
MINE3. |
12 machine miners. $«o.
l'S single and double hand miners. $82 SO.
I"?** woodehopper*. all over California.
MEN— WIVES.
6 men and wives for ranches. $50-$40-$flO fd.
Gardener. .Alameda County. $3O found.
; HOTEI AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
2h cookd. $30-$40-$5o-$C0-$7t> found.
ltf waiters, $25-?.'U)-$40 found.
1s diahwashers, $2O-$25-$3o-$35 found.
12 porters, bell, elevator boys, $3O to $KV fd.
LAUNDRY.
2fi laundrymen, different departments, $1*
to ?22 we»k.
BAKERS.
2 firsts, 4 seconds on bread and 1 second on
cakes.
Bartender, fare $2 M>. $30 found.
Best places at MURRAY & READY,
Biggest wagca at B.J4 and 6.IB Clay at.
WANTED— Man to. raise mushrooms at good
salary, with advancement; experience not
necessary. English and French Mushroom
Spawn Co.. 176 So. Water St.. Chicago.
WANTED — Energetic, aggressive man possess-
ing salesmanship and able to prove It; ex-
perience In banklnc. real estate or insurance
desirable. Box 1161. Call office. Oakland.
TO tailors, cutters — First-class man of good ap-
pearance and ability; no other need apply.
S. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Market st.
i WANTED— Hustlers to tack signs, distribute
circulars, sample*, etc.; no canvassing; good
pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
WANTED— Sunday night, everybody to danc«
for the cash prizes at Temple Hall. 117 Turk
St.: select socials every Sunday evening.
DETECTIVE — Can you spare part of your
t'me for profitable detective work? American
Detective Association. Indianapolis. Ind.
MEN and women wantad to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Western College of
Barbers. 647 Commercial St.
YOUNG man wishing to learn barber trade caa
buy half Interest in first-class 3-chatr rhop,
north of Market st. Box P. 615 Larkin st.
WANTED — Experienced man as partner to go
prospecting; must share expenses. Box 3443.
Call office.
WANTED — Good Job compositor and flrst-clasa
platen pre3sman. Apply SANBORN, VAIL.
& CO.. 741-745 Market st.
DETECTIVES — Everywhere: good salary; no
. experience. Int'l Detective Agency, Mil-
?*aukee. Wls. j
OFFICE bey wanted: one leaving school pre-
ferred. Apply in own hand writing., Box
32S3. Call offlce. -
EXCEPTIONAL opportunity for good solicitor.
I Call at 137 Montgomery st., room 38.
SLACK work coopers: apply to-day (Sunday).
213 Drumm rt: steady work: good wages.
I PLANER hand for furniture factory. 2147 Fol-
som st., near Eighteenth.
PORTER wanted. Ask for HOX JACKSON,
131 O'FarreU st. .
ERRAND boy. Apply HILP, 569 Market »t.
HANDY man with horse and buggy; $7 a day
easy. 3tt Geary st.. room 17.
WANTED— Bartender. Apply 213 Stevenson st.
TINSMITHS wanted; steady work. Apply 17
Drumm st.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
. Apply at HALE BROS'.. Inc.. 979 Market at.
RELIABLE, hust. representatives: good propo-
sition. Ad. Correep. Instruction, box 33SS,Call
WANTED— A beer tapper; call after 12 o'clock.
1063 Market st. ¦^£*^.
WANTED — 4 flrst-class carpenters. Twenty-
seventh and Telegraph ave.. Oakland. ¦
BLACKSMITH— General repairing. Fourteenth
ave. and N st. So.; Kentucky-street cars.
EXPERIENCED wrapper. JOE ROSENBERG,
Price Cutter, 818 Market st." _li_J
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop for sale or trade for
country shop: laundry clears expenses; price
$125. Box 3370. Call office.
FOR- sale— Furniture of 1-chalr barber shop.
019 Capp st.
FOR sale at 1007 Howard St., city, two barber
chairs; snap.
HONEST man for plain acconnts and collect-
Ing, etc.; permanent: references and soma
ca*h necessary; calary and commission; no
* trta*rs Call or adlress 14 McAllister St.,
suite 10 !
$1 EVERY hour you work, placing Allen's
Kushlon Komfort Shoes; outsell everything;
NO RI3K. Call or write. Kushlon Kcmfort
Agency, 1223 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 478, Parrott bonding. ¦
WANTED — Experienced furnishing goods
salesmen. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740
' Market st. - •
WANTED — A man, upholsterer preferred, to
tnke interest In furniture store. Inquire 629
East Main St.. Stockton. Cal.
I WANTED — A good military tailor on blouses:
; steady work the year round. 01S Market st.,
j . Room 32. -
I SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
! the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
• MEN for deep-water ships. Come early to
I HERMANN'S. 27 Steuart st.
• WANTED— First-class uoholsterera. C. HAY-
I NERT, 40 Ellls» St.. fourth floor.
j COOK, short order, for saloon. CLACK'S,
i Market and Gough sts. >'
TO let for barber-shop: nice room: good loca-
tion; cheap. Inquire 500 Shotwell. st.
j FOR sale — Good paying barber-shop. 3147
' Twenty-fourth st.
THOROUGHLY practical clothing salesman
' wanted; non« other need apply. S. N.
Vt'OOP & CO.. 740 Market st. *.
WANTED— Young man to work In grocery.
HOFFMAN BROS., cor. Twenty-fourth and
Church *ts-
FOR aa!e — Barber shop; 3 chairs: good busl-
- ness: fine location: lease; bo snldo business;
snap 211 Sixth st.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; w* pay
txprers or mail charges. 11 :td st..Exam. bid.
UNCLE SAM. wants help: 14,000 appointments
lf'O::. free -exam, caper & catalogue giving
posi lions and sulartes.Dept.C.WesternCbrreap.
University. 025 Golden Gate ave.. San Fran.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
1 ucnts See Pase Forty-Six, ggIHE SAN FRANCISCO ; GALL', SUNDAY, MAY S,, 1904.
46
HKI.I* tVAVTED — MALE Con.
.l«c *ri:i: *\\i.. .:mi*. agency, ' . ,« ;
' v 14 tlti.O t\.. n:tr<:i;i »>!<!»£. : l>ii j:i«." *5rf-J , '
• CHUAV r*AH&— BEKCMJEJ*.
¦ .•" SD Uar.utt-rs. $<J7 00 a month.
! T> laliomi, ftX) a mo^th. •
:« urilkTs, rjcsm^n, h£jnii;€Tine*i, *7.V
, S m**B to cut I'ne wood. 4 feet, f 1 15 a cord.
IXJlt THE SAWMILLS.
4 lu-nbc-r vrtrtt- *:: a day. ship to-day.
4 turuber ;ill«-is and yardman, $;!3 month ana
, i. .¦;¦•.[ American i'rclerrtd.
4 null bands, *¦¦>.-> a month and board.
¦ 2 teamBt-Ti. nan-mill corni-any, Slskiyou Co.,
JfC5 it month and board.
For "10 Di-«t3Jit L.umUT Comiianles.
li K^nora.1 «sa.»-rnil! and yardmen and men
for th* woods. J33 to 560 a month and
4 tr.cn to handle !un:bt-r on the wharves, $^5
• a moctli mid board.
<?an>ti*er helper, d'.y. J2 25 a day.
2 carpenter** city and Oakland, S h., ?3 cay.
ll> laborers. $1 75 to $2 a cay.
6 ranch hsads. Eoacai Co., 526 a month
. Cool; ar.d*"" helpers, eawrolll CO., fl20 a
• month. 00 to SO zr.en.
•AJan. -a-ite and Oliver to cook, $120 a month.
Ous Nail. cock. Dle;us<» cali.
CAL. i;MF. AGENCY. 14 Third ft.
• c.V AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
fi Third st. Telephone Main 552L
Nevada; teamsters $2 25; cheap fare; 8 hours.
" Nevada; laborers $2: cheai> fare: 8 hours.
R*nch hands and cabinetmaker*. $3 50.
- Stablemen, city. $2 50; coopers. ?2 50, near
Shingle bolt cutters. Sonoma Co.. $1 SO cord.
Vfoodcheppere. $1 25, $1 50 cord, fir. pine.
"Blacksmith. Mcndocino Co., $3.
Drillers, tunnel. Cal., »2 CO, free fare.
Itallro&d teameters. Cal., $2 25. long Job.
Cook. Sonoma Co., $45 and found.
Ranch tar.d. Santa Clara Co.. $30 and found.
Cement worker, must be a good finisher, good
• pay. see boes here.
HORI> & SMITH.
GOVERNMENT positions — Mere than 15.000
appointments la*t year; examinations soon;
thousands appointed were prepared by the
National CorreEiw.dence Institute. Washing-
ton. D. C. Write for circular 3 1. giving
?Srt of positions, salaries, examinations, sam-
ple guestioDs, etc.. to our Pacific Coast office.
" 027 Market et.. San Frajjcisco. Cal.
CUSTOM-HOUSE eliminations for appolnt-
nieat as Dsy Inspector. Night Inspector,
Clerk. Me«!*r.*rer. Assistant Weigher. Sain-
" pier and Watchman, will be held in San
Francisco In July: applications must be filed
noon. Circular 157, giving particulars as to
positions, salaries, cample question*, etc..
stat tree by National Correspondence Insti-
tute. Pacific Coast Office. 027 Market St.. S.F.
"WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to anow
that Ed Roikln. Rmo House proprietor, has
odded 100 new room» to the Denver House,
217 Third «t.; 250 rooms: 25c to 5uc per night.
CBNTLEMAN to solicit for weekly paper in
c northern part of city. Applr 519 Filbert tt.
8-CHAIR barber shop; firft-clsss business; a
good chance. Apply Call office.
S-ULORS and young mm (green hsnds) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson et.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trad«; wages
• wh!l# learning. 741A Howard st.
Fensicr. Atty.. H. A. Bulltn, r. 40. Phelaa bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Tboiras Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hote!. 44 Third 6t.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 25c r.lcht; reading-rocms;
« tree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office cf The Cail for the reception
of ad»erUse--rx>-itF end mib»criptio-is has been
opened st KX-S MaxUet tt.. opposite Fifth.
Op»n until Jl p. ro.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ac
"Call branch o'ftce. cor. Duncan & Church »ts.
ALL f!s«*s rren't «=ho«, slightly damaged, half j
price. 5t3 M!«*lon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET ycur fbo^s half-eoled while waiting: 25c
to fiOc. re:? ?Jlf«i"n gt.. bft. 1st and 2d t»U.
: ' — ' i
. HEU WAWTEP— SALESMIg. i
SPECIALTY saltsmrn — W> have a fortune for
"you in a. year; r'.an «"n*.lreiy new, very at- j
. tractive: reuiller!-- buy. cannot help selling i
the p<<<ib «-.nd are satlsfif-4; guarantee that j
ycj — HI mak* on?-haif more tales with our j
'line of inducement* than you have ever made j
in t»anvj length of lim«>: either side or exclu- I
sive "liii*: complete Sine cf supplies with !
• order book, free particulars, without bond or
focurity. Acdre**. with references, GALBT>-
WAV - MrALLISTER A- CO.. Wholesale
•JtWders iDtpL. B). Chicago.
SALESMAN' warned— I ***• a ooKitlon for a
"Sret-ctea tl"welta*r specialty eaJesman Of |
ability and will pay a salary of S2.V) p«r j
•prciTh sn<5 expenses; salary jruarsnUeo; j
wfiie with refor^nc**; personal interview if j
eatii'actory. Address box U'75, Call office.
JHGH-GLASS F-.'-cialty talesman at once; es-
•ab'.ii-hed h'-use; staple line; high commif&'.on
«-ontrart, v.th S2*> weekly advance while
trailing. MEIiLE. SMITH & CO., IK) to Oti
I'rofjiect Ft.. Cleveland, O.
HELP TTAITTEn — SOZ.XCZTOSS.
SOLICITORS everywhere to write applications j
for our pruaranteed gold bend contracts; <¦&.<¦>•
seller*; highest commission. The Gold Bond
Co.. i"rt Crossly bldg.. S. F.
WANTED— Few intelligent, hustling women;
"eney work; new line; no exiierience neces-
sary; high commission; call between 1 and 5.
15C7 Post Et.
HOUSES AXD WAGO5S.
SECOND-HAND Toorney pneumatic cart, rub-
"ber-tlre phaeton, platform gear fulltop eu •-
-rey. open hack, rubber-tire coupe, tandem
cart, pneumatic and solid-tire ball-bearing
buggies, cheap at O'lUJIEN'S. Polk st. and
Giyic:. Gate ave.
A" CARLOAD handled geldings, weight 1000
t* 1350, from Churchill Company's rascnes
at CHASE'S. 1732 Market st.
FOR a*.le— One sound 16-hs.nd sorrel mare,
pood driver, to be fold lmmediatelv. E. V
EURNS. 11-13 Grant ave.
. BAP.GAIN— Rubber-tired runabout, with um-
brella top; also rubber-tired surrey and sln-
Cle set harness for sale. Box 1S7», Call.
One 3-ton platform wagon, one 12-foot platform
furniture wagon and three spring wagons of
all kinds. 1501-1503 Folsom m..
FINE river -bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Cotta
Comity. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. 8. F.
EA1* FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
eesslon begins June 6. Catalog by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELET. S10 Golden Gate are.
WANTED — Ch*ap horse. 2728 Bryant st.. near
.Twenty -fifth; no dealers.
A LIGHT grocery wagon for sale cheap. 1218
Pierce at., between Eddy and Ellis.
A GOOD horse for sale; at present in Oak-
land. Box 1824. Call office.
WANTED — A good delivery horse. Box 1821,
FOR sale — A horee; g-ntle. Box 3239 Call
offlce. "
CAMPING -wagon; great for theatrical travel-
ers. 127 Turk tt.; owner at <ao Howard st.
HORSES cf all tmuies bcttrht. EO ld and »x-
chaaged. H. ATKINSON. 65 Hermann st."
WAGONETTES, surreys, burgle,, wagons, har-
ness, work end driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A-'-PRINTED list of houses to let; rend for dr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 20 M?ntgcme£
SAX MATEO — To let. ur.furr.!sbed cottase-
everythirff modern; containing 6 rooms •
larse; beautiful grounds; rent $50 r*r month*
one cf the finest locations in San Mateo '
MCAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery tt.. S. >.
HANDSOME corner house. 10 rooms bath
«« bawmeet; modern Improvement*; 'heater'
425 Baker st.. corner Grove.
1C*O PACIFIC ave.. near Van Km; eunny
house of 5 room* and bath; rent S25 VOV
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. £13 Callfornu.
PERRY. 204, r,fzr Fourth — ft; house of 2
tvsms; *<vster free. Apply to G. n. UMBSEV
& CO., 20 Montgomery et. " "
HOUSES TO l,«;"i KlRNiMlEn.
4PINE. 72flU Juar Powell— Rent r*-due«»d to S«5
per raontr; elegantly furnished house of 7
rooms and bath; all modern convpnienc*-«
VON RHEIN itEAL ESTATE CO.. 513 CaU
iCornia tt.
COMPLETELY furnished hcuw; 7 largp, -ranny
roomn: bath, large yard, basement. 104 Pierce
-F.t.. nr. Ilaight;, rrferi'iices i-equlr»>d. Inquire
a-12 a. m.. 5-7 p. tn.. or 207 Examiner bhig.
"FOfiwrent — Elejrantly furnished house. 5 rooit:*.
i"-jili and basement; gas and fuel rangss-
j»!?no, phone. «tc. ; $60 trer month: owner
going to country; no children. Bo< 3270, Call.
1jE£IRAHLE 2-ttory furnished house, with
iMtEement and attic; eun all day; rent (75.
S4S Arhbury St.
BUTTER, noer L#sven worth — 7-room bouse to
let: Junrtfhed new. Apply 242 Post St.
TO rent — Whole or part nicely furniiihed house;
8 rooms; all sunny. 1615 Gough St., 11 to 5.
FCLSOM. C47— Four rooms and bath, com-
rilete; piano.
HOUSES Kl'HKIMIKD FOR SALE.
T-JIOOM house; newly furnished: all rooms
tunsTi no accnts; price $700. 312 Mason st.
SOUSES TO LET — SPBgBBAH.
WELLESLEY Park. Kan Mateo Co., 7-room,
modern, furnished house, barn. etc. MEEK,
yu"J Mission rt. ._
5-R00M furnished cottaire to let; two blocks
from Etatlon at CortcMadera. C. F. Stewart.
HOISES — SUDLRPAX — "yPRJgI»H13P
MILI^ VALLEY — Fcr rent during months of
June and July, handsomely furnished 7-room
house; large grounds; beautiful view; ""•' e
minutes troni depo:; rent for 2 months. ?'—«>;
no children. Apply rcom 325. Parrott_bldg.
FOR rent, San Ar..«elmo— From May 15 to Sept.
15: fully furnished 10-room house: electric
lights, stable and grounds. For particulars
apply to J. S. M.. San Anselmo^
FOR rent— In Mill Valley, a beautiful home of
8 rcorr.s and bath. ail furnished: large
grounds, iruit tr*»es and a stable. LlO.N A:
HOAG. 110 Montgomery ft. f
ItAPNCgES FOB Hgg-^
<X Hi. McNEILl" LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
et.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 5S4.
J. BOetkeUa Launch Co.. Unlon-st. wharf;boat-
Ing & excursions. 8 Steuart st.: tel. John 2tSB.
LOST A.ND VUUK1).
LOST— Wallet ccntainlnr railroad ticket in
name ot M. Jacobs and other valuables.
Liberal reward return to Cashier, Palace
HcttK '
LOST — At the circue Friday evening, ermine
fur. Return DR CLINTON, corner Twen-
ty-fitst ai:d Howard sts., receive reward.
LOST— Eyeglasses, between Third and Fourth
I sts.. on Market. Return 3011 Fillmore St.;
" reward. '
LOST— Email chatelaine watch, fleur de lie
pin. Return room 52, Westminster Hotel; re-
ward.
LOST — Scotch collie dog. with collar; license
537. Return to County Jail. A 3; reward.
LOST— Pair gilt lorgnettes, marked D. W.
Return to 441. Third st. ; reward.
LOST — May 6 black cocker epanlel pup; tag
1292; reward $5. 1S17 Mason st.
LOST--Meerschaum pipe. Finder kindly return
same to 1123 Sutter st.; reward.
LOST— About April 23. a white bull terrier
with two black spots on each ear; answers
to name of Hector; tuitable reward will be
paid for return. Apply subscription window.
Call busine?s office.
i
$50 REWARD; diamond stud; lost near corner
Eddy and Powell sts., Monday. Return to
room :•:<>, Adams House, 2'J Eddy st. ; no
question* asked.
LOST— Thursday, gold medal, inscribed A. P.
P. B.. on the front; it has also A. M. Car-
valho above the medal; reward. Return 5S
Jackson st.
$25 REWARD: pair round cuff buttons, black
t-nameled. inlaid with diamond etars. Palace
of Art. 16 Post St.
LOST— Gold garter buckle, initials M. S. B.
Suitable reward at 252 Leavenworth st.
FOUND — Liewflljn setter do«; owner can
have same by paying expenses. 219 Day et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th«> Weekly ,
Call. 1C pat»s. rent to any address In th* '
TCnJiMi Ftat^s cr Panada one year for ft
MATRIMOM.IL.
A GENTLEMAN, .'55 years old. working for a
salary and havinjj to be absent from the city
once a year, would like the acquaintance of
a ladj, matrimonially Inclined, v.ho wouldn't
objert to lining left alone for a few months
in the year; has a pleasant home. Box
1050. Call office.
A GENTLEMAN with good business judgment,
; employed in present position for last 15 years,
j would -Ike to meet a lady with means who
; can supply th» linanclal backing for a good
! Profitable business; object matrimony. Ad-
Or*-ss box 17M). Call otfice.
I AM honorable gentleman, 34 years old. Just
j come Into possession of a legacy of $10,tXJO.
would Uk* to correspond with a plain, neat
• lady, one who cen make home happy and
rer*?able; object matrimony. Address box
1SC3, Cail offl<v».
j A WIDOW, blonde hair, between Co and 40. no
incumbrancrs and no means, would make a
•rood wire to a Uind hu^bend; a great home j
body: would like to eorrt-epond with an hon-
orable gentleman: object matrimony. Box
1V7.1. Call office.
GENTLEMAN (widower), unlncumbred, mid-
dJe-aged, fine af.-pearano*?, good habits, has i
business of his own and a comfortable In- I
ccme. would Uke tfc* 1 acquaintance of a lady !
(middle-aged) who would appreciate a good
home, ox 2237, Call office.
| GENTLEMAN. 40 yun old, eober and Indus-
trious, -jo bad habits, has property and a
fine income, would like to meet a refined,
educated lady about my age; one that would
appreciate a good home. Address box 1914, i
Call ofilce. : |
A WIDELY known, single, professional man of i
property and good income desires acquaint-
ance with single lady, maid or widow, inde- i
pendent means; object matrimony. Eox u»Sl,
Call office.
i LADY, well educated, accomplished, with
meane, desires to correspond with gentleman
with t?ome means; muct be honest and sober; i
object matrimony; no ajents. Box 3377, Call. '
;
YOUNG man. 26 years old. with a salary of ;
$1^ a month, would like to meet a good- i
appearing young lady, a good dresser, one i
who likes Fociety, elto a good housekeeper; '
object matrimony. Box 1S51, Call office.
AN ex-solflier. 35 years old. has a good steady
position and a pension, would like to corre-
spond with a lady who could make home
piea^ant for a kind husband; object matrl- '
men;-. Box 1S40. Call office. ;
A YOUNG business man, age 33, with a fine
business and Income, residing In northern
part of California, would like to meet young
lady: object matrimony; no triflers. Box 1937,
Call office. ¦
A LADY with a good home, no incumbrances.
would like to make acquaintance of a osn-
tleman of good habits; object matrimony. Box
1830. Call office.
I AM 28. a stranger, having good character
and portion, would like to meet young lady
of 18 who attends church; object, matrimony.
Box 3350. Call.
A LADY (Protestant). 32. neat and refined,
¦would like to meet a business man; object
matrimony. Address box 1819, Call office.
a"~*MIDDLE-AGED lady, no lncumbrances,
would like to meet an honorable gentleman;
object matrimony. Box 17C7, Call office.
GENTLEMAN with means (age 41) dtsires to
meet small widow with ranch, or means; tb-
ject matrimony. Box 3*»4. Call office. •
YOUNG man. stranger in town, wants to make
acquaintance of young lady; object matri-
mony. Address box 8387, Call office.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fe<*. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE/ FREE: 17 years' experience in all
female disorders; call or •write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market at., rooms 7 and S.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities;. Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male trouble* and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008>£ Market et., opp. Bth.
VALPKAL-S female pills; best regulating pills
Bjjld; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur'a
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DP.. G. W. O' DONNELL— All wKo are tick or
tn trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected : the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
SIRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
Epeclallxt; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Nest— Expert
la obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 yrs. exper.
MRG. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of'
rctmlses. Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth »t.. bet. Geary and O'KarrelL
I LADIES — Our monthly regulator never falls;
1 box free. VITA CO.. Station A. Detroit, Mich.
LADIES' lrreg-jlarltles . cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St.. corujr
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
. YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. It.
H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
DJt. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. lu pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
I>oc;Uige paid.
MI MS 8 AXD MIMXO - , "
FOR rale — North of Montezuma and Tlia villa
tnlnee. SO acres of patented. land; i compart-
: ment shaft down 40 feet; over 12-foot ledge*
4 feet in pay rock; all that Is needed is a
heist; A. It. E. line 100 yards from shaft for
power. For particulars address C EVANS.
El Dorado. CaL . -
FOR sale or lease — 5 claims conper. and gold'
net $15; extensive -well-known mine; good
KtocklnK vropoeitlon. 'J.. 52t> Fifteenth et.,
Oakland. "
ROOMS TOILET— -Fnrn. amd Patnni.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
| to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reaglng-room.
HAMPTON PLACE. 5. off Fotsom St.— Sunny
bay-window flat, 3 rooms; rent $12^.
HARRISON. 784&. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; homelike; fl
week up. >- •¦'•"¦
HARRISON. 828B — Sunny front room, newly
furnished; new flat; gentleman; $2 50 week.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 743 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
JONES. 303 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single. ->---:^.' ri '. ¦
LANGTON. 20, near Howard — Housekeeping
rooms.
LARKIN. 130— Large sunny nicely furnished
room; all conveniences; rent $15.
LARKIN. 613—3 Large light" front rooms;
gas; running water; phone first floor; $23 50.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny front room. 1 or 2 per-
sons. $7; large sunny back. $3.
MISSION, 565 — Front room, with doublo bed
and stcve; $5. '
MISSION. 12C3 — Sunny furnished . rooms for 1
or 2 gentlemen. ¦ .
MISSION. 1232— One large, sunny room: suit-
able for 2 men; also 1 single room. Inquire
at grocery. '- -'"-">- ;
MISSION. 2246 — Furnished room for respecta-
ble man. ¦ _____
N ATOM A. 400%— Bright, sunny room; gas and
bath; in private family; suitable for gen-
tleman. '
NINTH. 157— Nicely furnished sunny bedroom
for one or two.
OCTAVIA, 1259. cor. O'Farrell — One elegantly
furnished room: running water and closet.
O'FARRELL. 623 — Nicely furnished, large,
sunny double room, $14; also sunny single
room, $7.
O'FARRELL. 1324*6— Furnished suite of two
sunny rooms.
O'FARRELL, 1424— Large bright unfurnished
rooms. .
OUTSIDE room, |8 per month. Box 3280.
Call office. _-
PAGE, 228 — In a modern sunny flat, stylish
parlor suite with piano, use of bath and
phone; or lance bay-window alcove room
with use of bath, parlor, piano and phone;
very reasonable; private; board optional.
PAGE, 278 — Four sunny rooms and bath.
PERRY. 103 — Two rooms, nicely furnished.
PINE. 107C — Large furnished room with run-
ning water; suitable for one or two.
PO6T7~is9. near Hyde^Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POWELL. 720— Furnished sunny rooms ea
suite or single.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $3
to $8; month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTEENTH, 2822 — Sunny furnished roomi
to rent; for one or two.
STANYAN, 810. facing Golden Gate Park — 1
furnished rooms, suite or single.
SOUTH PARK. 37— A nice sunny furnished
room.
TAYLOR, 125— Rooms to let.
TAYLOR 515B — Large front bay-window par-
lor; piano, gas. bath; private family; reas-
onable^
TAYIX>R, 624, cor. Sutter— 2 housekeeping
rooms, $16; 2 single rooms. $10 each; all
sunny.
THE Mayflower, 308 Third — Nice quiet family
house; elegant rooms; 25c, 50c. 75c. $1 night.
TREAT ave., 816 — 3 rooms, pantry, closet, etc..
for housekeeping.
TURK. 201—2 nicely furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; gas stove; gas and bath;
sunny corner house, close In; rent $25 per |
month. I
TURK, 822— Bright sunny newly furnished j
rooms, or for housekeeping. |
TURK. 1161— Sunny rooms, with or without
board.
TURK. 1218 — Sunny double room; also single
front rooin^
TWELFTH. 145 — Furnished rooms to let for
housekeeping.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 317*— Sunny front rooms.
TWO newly furnished sunny rooms; flat; close ,
to good boarding-house. Inquire 1C15A Clay, j
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 100 |
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator.read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 407 — Sunny furnished rooms,
single or suite; reasonable rent. -
VAN NESS ave.. 619 — Elegant front parlors
and adjolnlnc suite for office or club.
WANTED — f» men to rent furnished rooms at
623 Eansome st. . '
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $150 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
4-ROOM flat; sun all day. Northwest corner
Nineteenth and Collingwood sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. \
HOUMS AND HOARD.
1222h^TEL^IONTROSE^^I
1020 Van Ness ave.. corner Geary, has been
- thoroughly remodeled and renovated and will
be conducted as a first-class family hotel.
MRS. H. OPPENHEIMER, Prop.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70«.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1224— Elegant large
front alcove room; gas, bath, running water,
with board; suitable for 2; private family.
EDDY. 1259 — Elegantly furnished suite • or sin-
gle room, with or without board; gas, bath,
phone Geary 962. •
HAWTHORNE. 18, oft Howard — Front room,
with board, in American family; $4 50 week.
HOWARD, 841A— First-class board & room,
single or double, $5 &. $0 week; A mer. family.
ROOM and board at 1106 Clay st
no imv « »\tkti
RESPECTABLE German couple, no children,
wish permanent 3 large, sunny, furnished
housekeeping rooms; convenience, quiet neigh- i
borhood. west side, close in: $15 to $20 a
month; private house: ground floor preferred.
Address box 3325, Call office.
STABLES TO LET.
TO let — 3 stalls. 2410 Harrison rt., between
Twentieth and Twenty-first. ' . '
SUMMER RESORTS.
AT Monte Rio. Russian River, 3-room cottages
cttap: double beds; water, etc.; housekeep-
ing: porch. F. LANDON, 824 Noe st. .-v-
CAMP MEEKER— Furnished cottage, seasva
only. Address MRS. AUSTIN. 3016 Mission.
SEVVIXO .MACHINES AMD SUPPLIES.
THE WHITE IS KINO
Has finest furniture; ball bearing stand; runs
lightest; does best work; makes lock or chain
stitch; mccle In vibrator or rotary shuttle
etyle; retail tirlces from $20.00 .to $100.00:
used machines 1 of other makes at from $5.00
to $15.00; when you buy or rent a White
you get the best sewing machine on earth.
San Francisco mail of flees 300 Post St.,
1841 Fillmore st. and 7i;x Valencia st.
AT half or one-third price you can buy a new
White sewing machine that Is slightly shop
worn, at our city offices. 300 Post st.. 1S41
Flllmore and 708 Valencia st.
RENT the best; we have' 100 new White sew-
ing machines for rent at $2 per month.
WHITE SEW1NO MACHINE CO.. 300 Po»l
st.;, telephone Black 1106.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
r/omestlc office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10 $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $3. $•; all styles: guaranteed. N*w
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.v
, SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chiwhester's English Pennyroyal Villa
are best: safe,- reliable; tako no oth-r S*ml 4o
stamps for ¦ particulars. • "Relief for T.ailli-s"
in letter by return mall. :Ask your drusxlst.
\Chlcbester Chemical Co., Philadelphia, lx
and surgeon*.
DR. C CO' DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
| cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. ire famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
_^^J*&OMS^FOn_JlOUSEKEEPIJiG.
ALL sunny; best in city; 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART.
MENTg. 15(10 Sacramento St.. near Larkin.
BRYANT. 421— One or two sunny rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
ELEVENTH, 100 — 2 connecting rooms for
housekeeping; first floor, front; gas.
ELLIS. 117S — Nicely furnished sunny parlor
and kitchen; bath; phone; no children.
FELL. 222—3 sunny housekeeping rooms.
FIFTH, 348 — Suite of rooms complete for
housekeeping.
FILLMORE, 213 — Bright, sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water, gas.
¦ FOLSOM, 754— Nice large room, furnished for
I housekeeping; convenient.
GOLDEN GATE~AVE.71 401— Sunny front bed-
room; privilege housekeeping; single room $5.
GOUGH, 211 — Three sunny corner unfurnished
rooms; gas. bath, phone, etc.; adults.
GUERRERO, 220 — Large sunny dining-room
and light kitchen; partly furnished.
GUERRERO. 548 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms,
partly furnished.
HAWTHORNE. 8. off Howard, bet. 2d and 3d—
Newly renovated housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1424 — Nice front room, $8, and three
housekeeping rooms, gas and bath, 514.
HOWARD, 2381 — 2 furnished, sunny, connect-
ing rooms; $10 to 2 adults.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
LEAVENWORTH. 820 — Newly furnished sun-
ny housekeeping rooms; bath and phone.
LYON, 1S10 — 2 front rooms, grate, . bath, con-
necting; unfurnished; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 538— Sunny suites, $16-?7; gas
range; hot bath; laundry; phone; adults.
MCALLISTER, 003, cor. Laguna— Furnished
mom for light housekeeping; running water.
OAK. 117— Sunny suites, $16-$20; single rooms;
complete housekeeping; $5 to $10; adults.
O'FARRELL. 120 — Large sunny conn'ng hkpg.
rms.; well furn.; gas range; running water.
O'FARRELL. 1305— Nicely furnished, sunny,
front housekeeping suite; $16. j
SIXTH ave.| 760, nr. Chutes — 3 unfur. rooms,
close to G. G. Park, for housekpg.: $10 mo.
STANYAN, 810, facing G. .G. Park— Sunny
suite of 4 rooms; furnished; range; bath;
laundry. . '
STOCKTON. 1206— Newly furnished single.
double housekpg. rooms; bath: gag; $5-$12.
TAYLOR. 504. near Geary — Corner suite, 3
nice housekeeping outside rooms.
TEHAMA, 43 — Three housekeeping rooms.
TURK, 81G— Parlor floor; furnished; 4 rooms; '
also single rooms.
Twenty-eighth. 315-^2 sunny, furnished house-
keeping: water; separate entrance; $6 month.
TWENTY-SIXTH. :«67. near 3 car lines — $12;
2 sunny housekeeping rooms.
VALENCIA. 2C9— Four sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range, bath, phone.
VALENCIA, 1103. cor. 22d — t unfur. housek'p'g
rooms, bath. Inquire 10 to 1:30 o'clock to-day
V,\N NESS ave.. 700— Front basement suite
of 3 rooms., $29; also 2 rear rooms. $11.
4 LARGE housekeeping rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, water, gas; $25. Box 3351. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A .BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C0S Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
APABTaCEJfT -gQITSZS.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
1084 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
-Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST.CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave. — Ths
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments. with private baths,
steam heat, electric llght.elevator. gas ranges;
$30. $35. $37. $10, $45. $47 50, $50. $55.
$27 50—3 ROOMS and bath, furn., $33; 4 rooms
and bath, $30, furn. $37 50; sun In every
apart.; new bouse, beautifully finished; gas
ranges in unfurn. aparts. The Malken, 31
CentraJ ave., near Halght st.
MONTICELLO Apartments, 1474 Sacramento
st.; P. Ex. 711 — 1 cor. 4-r. apt., just vacated;
also one 3-r. apt.; all rms. light and sunny.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms; also single; furnished cr unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
THE Willard, 871 Turk — 3-room unfurnished
apartment; also 2-room furnished apartment.
ROOMS TO I.KT- -yiirs. stnd Da tiara.
HOTEL REX,
212 TURK ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
PHONE PRIV. EX. C60.
NEW FIRE- PROOF BUILDING.
.-IKS ROOMS: ELEGANTLY FUR-
NISHED SUNNY SUITS, WITH
PRIVATE BATH: ALSO SINGLE
ROOMS: THOROUGHLY MOD-
ERN AND UP TO DATE; TELE- .
PHONES IN ALL ROOMS; ELEC-
TRIC LIGHTS;. STEAM HEAT.
ELEVATOR SERVICE DAY AND NIGHT.
SPECIAL RATES TO TOURISTS
AND TRAVELING SALESMEN.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT! TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;.'
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 50 TO $2 50 PER 1
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
ASHWORTH HOTEL,
320 Mason Et.." bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition just completed: entire house
newly renovated; gun in rooms all day.
A— BRUNiwiCK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." ; 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 2oc, 50c, $1. $1 00 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open^all night.
BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, culte, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 651 — Furnished front room, dining-room
and kitchen; reasonable. ¦¦
CLEMENTINA, 310%. near Fourth— Room for
C gentlemen: French private family; all new.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
¦ ¦ f furrilfhed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CLIPPER. C14, near Diamond— Large sunny
rooms; use of kitchen, bath, laundry; $14.
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post, nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny single rooma
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room: elevator. Phone East 1317 if desired.
ELEGANT and reasonable transient room.
.- Address G:. box 3260. Call.
ELLIS. 1052— Beautiful sunny suite; rent no
, object.
FELL, 174 — Nicely furnished rooms; modern
flat; $10.
FOURTEENTH. 13SA— Newly furnished room;
rent reasonable.
FRANKLIN, . '123— Neatly furnished room for
: 1. or -2 gentlemen..- -
' FULTON. 322— Nicely furnished rooms; rent
reasonable.":-, . ¦ .
FULTON/ 630 — Clean . furnished room; single
S5.8 ; double ?10; ' no other roomeT*.
GEARY/108— 3 sunny, clean, nicely, furnished
rooms. . ' ' . •
GEARY, 660— Elegant sunny front bay-window
, rooms; piano;; other rooms; kitchen; reason.
GEARY. 1418 — Pleasant home; sunny, rooms.
QOUGir,'.- 1024, cor. . Ellis— Nicely furnished
rooms, en suite or; single; suitable for gen-
tlemen; homelike and quiet.
I M1SCELLAKEOCS— FOR SALE.
UOILfeJks, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. l'J5-l!)7 Fremont st.
COWS! COWS! COWS!
50 fresh rollch cows for sale; must be sold
regardhfS of price; some thoroughbred Jer-
seys some Holstelns and some Durhams;
this is the best lot of milch cows ever of-
fered for sale in San Francisco. Inquire
SAM AFTERGUT. 4301 Mission, St.. corner
Silver ave.. phone White 1086.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
: Repair U with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
! needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
I ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
j 2D-IIAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps.
I pulleys, "hafting. etc., etc., bought. sold.
rented acJ exchanged; «ee Srinday papers.
H. S. WHITS MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
PAINT your old an<l new metal and shingle
rcofs with Asbestos Roof Paint: guaranteed
to Ftop all leaks in the one and preserve the
j new. COS Front Et.: tel. Matn 1428.
AA— IXGLESIDE Poultry Yards, S07 Mt. Ver-
; non ave.: largest variety of thoroughbred
esrs on the coast. Write for price li«. j
A^FIKE suits. $7 CO; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m..'- Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water ripe, ehaftlng. pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR sale — 10.000 square feet of corrugated gal-
vanized iron and all kinds of building lumber
at U>3 Stouart Bt.. near Mission.
FOR pale — 100 II. P. firebox marine boiler In
fine condition; cheap. Bay City Iron Works,
Oakland.
j ALTERATION ss le— Best $2 50 hats, fl 50
i Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st., near
Pin?; open to 9 p. m.: Sundays to noon.
! TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
I foot-form sho«s..at $2 50; we pay express
I charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
PIGEONS — Pen of 70 pair; all mated and
breeding; finest homer and common crosses;
$i0. Box 1157. Call office, Oakland.
NEWLY furnished flat of 3 rooms; also man's
I wardrobe, one tuxedo suit, size 36-7. 1312%
Mission st. |
FOR sale — Two black cocker spaniels, five
months old; good opportunity. 739 Hyde st. ,
ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory. 40 Ellis st.
LARGEST kinds; best hert and other pigeons.
Glenmore Pigeon Loft, Elmhurst. j
FOR sale — Good buggy and delivery horse. 1324
University ave.. Berkeley.
SINGER Sowing Machine office. 2244 Mission
St.; all kinds rented, repaired; low rates.
FOR pale — Morning paper route; over 500. Ap-
_ply_B.._box 3373. Call.
SIX horsepower gas engines. Bay City Iron
Works. Oaklcnd.
THOROUGHBRED terrier for sale. 307 Lib-
erty st.
SIX H. P. Eaa engine for sale. BAY CITY
IRON WORKS. Oakland.
SHOW case, plat« glass, 7 feet, cheap; circle
front dentist's display case. 10 Mason st.
FINE fre«h cow and calf; very gentle." 4U9
Clipper st., neat, Castro.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupl.
moved to 780 Mission gt.
GOOD Irickmaking machine with 28 molds.
Chri«tman Bros., 11th & St. Jamee, San Jose.
SECOND-H kllD safes. $55; 60-lnch desk, $27.
RICHARDSON BROS., 1SI6 Market St.
GRAND Imported tumbler pigeons (rollers),
cheap while they last. Wilson. 220 Stevenson.
IMPROVED Wood printing presses, gusollns
engines. Boyer Machine Works. 46 Spear st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new: 16x16. 319 Third St.: tel. Main 413. .
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO. .35 Mrkt.Tel-Bush 858
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old BookRtore. Cl McAllister et.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. 603 Hay-ward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. :tO7 Battery st.
MOVING pictured, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-band. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market tt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches!
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont et.
MISCELLANEOUS "WAWTS. ¦ __ •
INSURANCE agencies (every class of risk)
wanted by thoroughly ' competent real estate
agent: excellent references. Address E.
COWPER-THWAITE. Stockton.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building in 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
WANTED — Second-hand oil well casing and
drive pipe. J. L. BERRY, 304 Douglas
building, Lcs Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— A Spitz dcg. W. A. GEORGE,
719 Market st.
TENT wanted: second-hand: state size, con-
dition and price. H. FOSTER. 155C Market.
WANTED — A beautiful girl's photo to put on
title-page of music. Box 33S5, Call.
WANTED — Cabinetmaker's second-hand work
bench. Address 1742 Tenth st., Oakland.
GOOD 2d-hand safe, not over 30 in. wide;
state size and nrlce. Box 3389, Call.
WANTED — Gentle burro for children's use.
Address box 1159, Call office, S. F« |
WANTED — Small hand camera: give full de-
scription and price. Box 3309, Call.
MORRIS gives hlgnest prices for ladles' and
gents' casteff clothing; postal. 043 Folsom.
SHOES wanted: misfit A castoff; highest prcs. :
new A ?d-hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
MOSEY TO LOAJI.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
VOl-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no dUiippolntments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property tn trubt,
| etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests tn property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly, confidential.
i When You Need Money J
See HERMAN MURPHY. -
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 6«-i AND 0 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on city, Oakland, town
and country real estate.
Second mortgages, estates in probate, undi-
vided interests in real estate, property in
trust; loans closed promptly. '
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
107-8-9 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET BT8.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d -
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
I*ow rate of interest.
* Glre full particulars
of property or chattels.
. Location, etc.
; : . ;: Box 408. Call office.
A. A DO YOU NEED MONEY? ? T '
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval: lewest rates and easiest plan In city:
don't hesitate to call; Information cheerfully
given; no publicity; reliable and square deal-
ing PEOPLE'S TRUST CO..
625 M ARKET ST.. ROOM 462. PARROTT. Bldg
SALARY LO#lNS— ~ " ~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone: confidential and courteous treatment*
call and cet terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates: strictly confidential.- National
Credit Co.. C8 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. ID Third.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.; 21 Stockton
at. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484. '
JlONEjr loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity.. PORTLAND t
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton .-phone Bush 484.
MONEY, loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; ' large - business in
46 principal cities.^.Tolman, 653 Parrott . bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 1 21 Stockton
et. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commleslon.'lnstallments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, • confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. rm. 7.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. .. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank bulldlnzT 70S ' Market et.
MSiflUM Minl1M«IMi»ni mm' nliii—^— "¦ «¦«»—»— w^wa^Bt—
SPECIALIST^
CATARRH DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
C $Lt™fy cured: new metbeds: V wsrtrt treat-
ment free Dr. Cottlngham 204 Suttsr st.
STOKAGI2 A^D^JVAUKHOUSBl.
A^GILBERt"^STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse O. G. _and .a.i
Ness; office 1230 Market, r. S4: tel. South 75O.
A— EMPORIUM Storags & Van Co.: furniture,
household goo«is stored, moved, shipped. «-3-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant l-.l.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., *'-
flee Post and Powell 5 t3.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 5.1.
CON KLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East i:.*?.
GOLDEN West Stora.ee: advances made. S49
Mission «t.: tel. Howard 0». E*. W. Zehfu»a.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackaoa txi.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgome-y
St.: tel. Main 1S40 FhlpntT-tr it rvt rate*
TYPEWRITERS A.\D SUPPLIES.
Ajr^xceptronaliy^cood No. 2 Remington. No. t
Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California »;.
A FEW good typewriters at $HOeach: get par-
-tlculars of L. £ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gemtry st. <
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wgbgter Typgwrlt-T Inopec. Co. SOX Market.
yOTS rOB SAM.
BONDS for sale — Notice is hereby given that
eealed bids will be received until 2 o'cioclc
p. m.. Saturday. May 23, 1904, by the Board
of Control of the Territory cf Arizona, at th«
office of said board in the City of Phoenix.
Arizona for the sale of Ten Bonds of tha
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each,
btaricg date January 1. 1904. due and pay-
able January 1, 1954. bearing interest at tha
rats of five per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five years, issued by the Ter-
ritory, of Arizona. In accordance with the>
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-sec-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act has been approved by tha
Congress of tho United States. Interest on
said bonds will be paid seml-annually on
the first day of January and July of eacn
year and both principal and Interest payable
In gold coin of the United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible bank for 5
per cent of the amount of the bid. payable
to the order of E. E. Kirkland. Territorial
Treasurer, and a copy cf thla advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment in full upon allotment and]
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the cneck
accompanying the same. The board reserves)
the right to reject any and all bids. Bida
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
cf Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals fcr purchase of Insane Asylum
Bond;* "
D1V1DEXD .NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Ing Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market St., opposite Third —
For the half yea- fn'l'.ng 31st of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at tha
rate per annum of (12> twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxea, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. lf»O4. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 65. of fifty cents
(50c) per shar3 on the issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
¦ the office of the company, rooms 202. 204 and '
206. Hay-ward building. San FVanclaco, on
May 10. l'.K>4. Transfer books close May 3,
1904, at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 9, 5 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
gomery St.. room «. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.. May 3, 19O4 — Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m., Juna 2, 1904. for furnishing
forage anil bedilinsr at posts in Alaska, tot
>ear endine Jun<» ."¦>, 19<V>. Information fur-
riish < *d here or hy quartermasters at posts.
U. S. lam »es th? right to reject or accept
any or all proposals or any part thereof.
Envelopes containing proposals should ba
marked. "Proposals for Knrage and Red-
ding at ¦ ¦ ¦** anJ aiMr*»!=Sf>d to undersigned.
F. G. HODGSON. C. «. IX,
fTLT'IKKlXti AND >TAJlMKlll.\i(l.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness & Market^
promises cure If In fair health; hours 1 to 5.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Manuel S. Bron. 35. 77'j Fourth street, and
Antonla R. M. Medelro. 20. 77'-i Fourth street.
Frank II. Anderson. 3-1. Lots Angeles, and
Maudn Owew, 2S. Sacramento.
John II. Comstock. 43, Chicago, and Jose-
phine M. Eyster, 43. Chicago.
Eilward I">unn, "0,'"2t l 2 1'rannan street, and
Nettie McCu!l«>ush. 25. 44 Oak street.
Charl»-f. F. Roser?», 21. Black Diamond, and
Ora M. I'.aker. 21, Colusa.
Frederick W. Arnold, 2S, Vallejo, and Nina
E. HofTstrom, 21, Napa.
Rudolph Relnharrft. 42. 710 California St..
and Johanna Plusthkell. 47, 7^W« Clementina!
Charles G. Westran. .'!C>. C2'» Railroad ave..
and Natalie F. Anderson, 22. 1101^, (."lay st.
Peter Grimes. 2*. 516 Howard street, and
Josephine Hagen. 29. Iowa City, Iowa.
Morris E. Frank. 21. 1S53 Post titreet, and
Jennie Seller, 21. 421 Van Nes»s avenue.
William Hamilton. 21, Ventura, and Lillian
Van Kassinger. 1I>, 711 Jones street.
Anthony Z. Kandor. 30. GC9 Jones street, and
Georgia L. Applewhite, 24, city.
Hale A Butterfleld, 40, San Jcae, an&'Mary
E. Miller. 27. city.
Edward I. Stanaway, 2C. Stockton, and Polly
V. Pierce, IS, Led I.
Ekert Ellenberger. 44. San Jose, and Chris-
tlane Mayer. 46, Oakland.
Frederick French. 2:?. 2024 Folsora street, and
Lydia A. Lundgren. 30, 2Ot5 San Jose aver.uo.
Joseph II. De La Plant, 31. 413 Bay street.
and Mary E. Marshall. ."^. Birmingham. En?.
Alexander E. Gnliam. 21, 2028 Broderlclc
street, and Florence Derby, 21» Pan Diego.
William P. Sawyer. 35. 900 Mission street.
and Clara E. Etott, 29, 913'.i Mission street.
Nageele Numair. 25. 812 Larkin street, and
Victoria A. Motronl. IS. &J3 Green street.
ElBTBS-MEElAGES-DEAm'
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the cublicatlon ofSces and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. -;" _ • ~ .\
BORN*.
: BARRY— April 22. 100-1. to the wife of "Wil-
liam H. Barry tnee McRalth). a daughter.
CODY— In this city. April 20. 1004. to th«
wife of Joseph J. Cody, a son.
COLOMBAT— Jn this city. May 5. 1904. to th»
wife of Henry Colombat, a son.
DONOHOE— In this city. May 3, 1004, to
• the wife of John Donohoe, a son.
DUMOXTIER — In Fruitvale. Cal., to the — -lfa
of J. L. Dumontier. a daughter.
DONNELL — In this city, April 24, 1304, to
the- wife of William J. Donne II, a son.
HAMMOND— In this city. May 5. 1904, to the
wife of George E. Hammond, a daughter.-
HETZER— In this city, April 22. 1304. to tho
•wife of H. A. Hetzer. twin daughters*.
HICHBORN— In Sacramento. Cal.. May 3. 1304.
to the wife of Franklin Hichbora. a daughter.
LANN— In" this city. May 5. 1D04, to tho wife
of Georze E. Lann. a son.
MARTLAND— In this city. May 4, 1904. to
the wife of Robert W. Martland. a son.
McGANN— In this city. May 3, ldM. to the
wife of Frank P. McOann. a daughter.
MISKEL— In this city, May 2. 1304, to the
wife of John Miskel. a son.
TICHENOR— In this city. May 2. 1004. to tha
wife of E. D. Tichenor (formerly VioSet
Graaff). a son.
TRACY— In this city. "April 23. 1304, to tho
wife of Georse Tracy, a sen.
TURNBULL— In this city. May 3, 1304. to tho
wife of Thomas J. Turnbull. a sen.
MARRIED.
CAMPBELL— KNIGHT— In this city. April 10.
19C4, at Slmrson Memorial Church, by the
Rev. Mr. Wall. Georgo Campbell und Jen-
nie .McKnlSht. both of San Francisco.
KROGER— KRUG— la thja city. May 4, 1004
by the K*>v. J. II. Schroeder. Herman A. S
Kroger and Pauline Kruc
VOLKMANN— PARKER— In this city. May 4
1004. by th« Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Otto G*
Volkmann and Etlyth K. Parker.
1>IKD.
Hrmlncr, William' Orcer. William J
Rrownrll. Jennie Green. Ellen . *
Hurley, Frank M. J larking, Patrick
Hu-ixlnt. Joseph \S\ Jollnskl, Aan.n
t'orthay. Anita L, turkey, James
Crelshton, Thomaa I., wait. Kurnestlno
t>ui!u ti. Anna A. Mahoiwy, Kkhard J
l>a*ha. William F. MaloiKry, CMth«-ri:<e
Pevhow-, Carl McNunr*n». Ttnaot'hy
Horan, JoKe-.-h Merrill, Krank
l>rummond, Stephen Morgan. Mrs. E. A.
Kby. Eleanor M. Muller. Henry W.*
Kveleth. Mrs. Sarah P'.ncus. Hattta
- Kausa, Otto Read. William D.
Kink. Freddie Tannlan. Ann
Fo», Isidore Tr*m>utli. Oeorjjfl J.
ilatr*. Emery P. Truff. DantH
tieggus, l>»>lu Valentine. Mr- S.U
Glrvtn. Charles Vlautln. Maria
Goodman. Ueurgo Wall. Michael
BRADNER— In thl» city. May T. 19M. WU.
I BfOXKl TO LOA* — Contlnneil.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds. pearU and precious stones bought
at W. J. HF.STHAL'9. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming ' loans money to
f«i arl t d employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103M- Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To. wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-40 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton tt.
MONEY to loan on real estate. K. B. TAP-
, PAN. Bank block. Alameda. Cal.
l*i per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
j charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bldg., Kx. ent.
I ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
I mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 60» Examiner building.
MI'SICAL INSTttL.M i:\TS.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
One Erard ; nice condition
One English Le Blond: good order... 175
One Sterling; cost 5325; new $165
One Lelns, walnut case; fine order. .. ...$175
On*. Chickering; mahogany case $250
One Knabe, used one year, latest style; one
Steinway. used 2 years, latest style; one
Vose mahogany case, used S months; also 1
new piano, mahogany case, three strings, lat-
est style, upright grand. $147 50. -
$10 Squares $10.
Emerson, Kurtzman, Cummings. Hallet & Da-
vis. Steinway. Kranich & Bach, Halnes and 40
others from $10 up; easy payments — guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
frcm: pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
! PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st.
RENTING Is our specialty; $2 up; apply en
purchase; installments $4 up. HEINH
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.; Oakland, 1252
Brcadway.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25: uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 309 Posti st.
TREMENDOUS slaughter storage pianos and
fur. ; dirt cheap. Whltehead's.lKJG Market «t.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos almost
given away. HORNUNG, 210 McAllister st.
$165— STEINWAY. upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused: 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up: Chickering bany grand;
' Shonlnger. llttie used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
Player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET. J
A — TUiyC. 230, near Jones — Magnificent store,
55x130 feet, with basement; excellent oppor-
tunity to open bar or restaurant; will sub-
divide; lease to desirable tenant. SPECK &
CO., 200 Montgomery st.
NEAR new Flood building; modern corner flat,
5 rooms, bath; fixed to suit: low rent to
dentist or physician. 403 Ellis st.
DENTIST'S office for rent; $20; established;
common reception-room with physician. 150S
Market rt.
FOLSOM, 935 — Large, airy store; well lighted;
also 3 large reoms; yard; will lease. •
FINE hall for lodges, meetings, etc. :1 to 4 times
a week.-'cheap. Room C, Odd Fellows' bldg.
GEARY, 36 — Fine, runny, nicely tinted; cen-
tral; light; low rent.
OFFICES on Union Square; all light and sunny;
fixed to suit tenant. 2.S9 Post St.. cor.tUock'n.
PERSONALS.
A. B. BARNES. MEDICAL DIRECTOR.
L. I. MATHER. Secretary.
WILLOW BARK SANITARIUM
(Incorporated »,
Treat all liquor and drug addictions
by the best known methods.
We do not agree to effect a cure In three
days. By giving a systematic treatment we
build up the system, while pffoctlng the cure,
by which we naturally obtain the best result*.
We do not claim ?« perform miracles,
BUT DO CLAIM TO CURE.
We have a beautiful and well-furnUheil horo«
for all private patients. Call or write foi
booklet. Address for particulars — '
812 Shotwpll st., near Twenty-second.
Tel White 3691. San Francisco, Cal.
CHIEF of Police Wlttman has received the
following dispatch: "Advertise In all papers
until located for HOWARD FILIATREAU,
age 20, well dressed, nice looking, dark com-
plexion, small scar left cheek, emerald ring
second finger, steamer trunk, »ult
case; engaged room about April 18. Hos-
pitals take notice. Phone any Jrrformatlon
to Chief of Polio'e. Ask your special atten-
ti<?&- Wire me results N. I. NEARING,
Chief of Police. Grand Junction, Colo."
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 781 O'Farrell St.. near Larkin.
Call or write fcr book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching r*ca!p; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
A — MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh.
' cold in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 9th.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth St., Oakland.
ATTENTION — Cut this out; superfluous hair,
moles warts killed by absorption; $1; per-
manent. B. ST. JOHN, hair, face specialist,
531 Sutter st. ¦¦
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 261 Grant ave. Worst casfes cured.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st. - ~
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR "
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug) dls-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
INFLAMMATORY or any kind of rheumatism,
gout and sprains cured; SI per bottle. 119$
Folsom &t.
HOODOO Is gone. Please forgive. Be good and
write. We can be happy again.
MASSAGE treatments given. Address box HO.
Supreme Court bldg. Phone Howard 315"!
j "WANTED— 1000 people to use Kelly's Corn
Cure; never falls; 25c. For sale only 102 Eddy.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men: $2 50? post
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary. S.F.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
XEUHAUS & CO. (inc.), tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moleSTemoved by elec-
tric needle. Dr. &. Mrs. Travera, 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cores deafness* and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, r. 6C3. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes ¦ play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyption Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color, $1: nt all druggists'.
I'AUllSTRY.
MADAME DEVAS. palmist and astrologer.
Licbes bldg., ISO Post St.; hours, 10 to 5.
MME. NEERGARD, located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist/ 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAIBTTING. PA?r?.HANGINO, ETC.
Painters, paper-hangers, signwriters want work;
prices mod. 1272 Folsom ; phone Mint , Ml.
paktxeTisTwa vrisb. .
ACTIVE uartner with $(iO0 to $1000: legit-
imate and profitable.- Room 9," 005 Broadway,
•/Oakland.-^ , . ; . - ._ ,
WANTED — Partner for established . planing
mill' and cabinet small capital. ,752
Franklin st., Oakland. '
$1000— PARTNER to drive the wagon and learn
the butcher trade; la'rge profits. Address
box 3314. Call office. ' •
i';:\';:;\-^.i-:. yATt3re8 *: ; -.' : :¦ ''^';\
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Ilobart bldg.. D32 Market st.The United States gunboat Petrel and
the ¦ navy collier Saturn will sail to
morrow for Kiska Island, Alaska. They
are anchored off Sausalito.
Will Sail To-Morrow.
' The vessels on the overdue list are
quoted for reinsurance as follows:
British ship Lamorna, out 71 days
from Tacoma for Queenstown, 90 per
cent.' ' - 'J'' T -'^fJ
French ship Lamorlciere, out 186 days
from New Caledonia for Glasgow, 80
per cent.
Austrian ship Alba, out 175 days from
New York for Brisbane, 10 per cent.
The Overdue 1.1st.
Ala S Co... 24% 27%lMat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 8« — i Nev- Nat Bk. — • 200
Cal G&ECor. 45 50 )N S R R Co. 9% —
C Jockey C1.130 150" IN Cal P Co. 11 llii
Cal Powder.. 130 — Oak Bk Sav.I12U —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T — 135 IOOF Hall A 6 . —
Oen Bk. O*k 62 C5 tOrpheura Co.. 14 —
Chutes Co .. — ~>Va Pac C Cas.,120 —
City & C Bk — 112 I Pac S Tel.. — 103
Oyp L Imp. . C — Paraf Paint.. 38 —
East Dynm.. — 250 *S F Drydock 60 -¦'-- >
DpntPwd pfd 60 SFfcSJ Coal.. 25 32 U
Do com . . — 50 S J Wat Co. — ' 108
FN Bk, Oak.120 — ISO & MTght.125 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Hay CPC Be. — 89 S P C R 4*. — 100
B L Wat 6s. — 117% S P Co 4Hs.l00%101H
Cal N\Y Ss.-lCS'/illOVs Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
M C Wat Ss.100 — Do 6s .... — 105
IUs I WksTis — 1O7>4 Suttr-st R5S.105 113
FF Drdk Ha — 113H UR of SF 4s. 79 79H
EF & NP 5s. — 111% I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Unlisted Securities.
Continued From Page Forty-One.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The ship Erskine M. Phelps, Captain;
Graham, cleared yesterday from Phila-. 1
delphia for Honolulu. Both ship . and j
master are well known at this port.- !
The big freighter Oregonlan, bound j
from Kahului for New York, arrived j
yesterday at St. Lucia. . •
The army transport Sherman, Cap- [
tain Brugulere, arrived yesterday at ;
Honolulu from Manila. She is due here |
next Sunday. ;
The United States revenue cutter The- |
tls, which left here April 25, arrived i
yesterday at Honolulu. ) , |
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com- 1
pany's Curacao sailed yesterday .forj
Guaymas and way ports. f She carried j
a full list of passengers.
Water Front Notes.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May 7.
Schr Jessie Minor, Jorgensen, 7 daya from
Grays Harbor. :
Brig Lurline Forlst, 5 days from Grays Har-.
bor. ' /
SAILED.
Saturday, May 7.
Stmr Brunswick, Elllfaen, for Fort Brags.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH — Passed in May 7 — Stmr Spokane, ;
hence May 7 for Eureka; schr Meteor, from j
San Pedro for Port Blakeley.
ABERDEEN— Sailed May 7— Schr Orient, for
San Francisco; Etmr San Pedro, for San Fran- I
Cisco. i
Late Shipping Intelligence.
The following table gives a eomparatlre
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet p«r
second, or second feet. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by 8. G. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1003. 1904.
April 24 14,500 27,500
April 25 14.500 27.0C0
Aprfl 26 14,500 27,500
April 27 14,150 36,700
April 2S 13,800 38.140
April 2!> 13,450 3«,220
April 80 13,450 29.700
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1903. 1904.
April 24 6.740 3,570
April 25 7,440 3.S30
April 26 7,440 4,510
April 27 6.740 4,17ft
April 28 <5.74O 3,700
April 29 5,730 3,648
April SO..' 6,410 3,570
TULE RIVER, NEAR PORTERVILLB.
. * Second Feet.
DATE. , - -— •
1903.. 190*.
April 24 1 450 210
April 25 .' 490 210
April 20 «0 285
April 27 415 260
April 23 380 248
April 29 345 248
April 30 345 233
FLOW OP CALIFORNIA BIVERS.
The Alaska Packers' Association's
steamer Nushagak, which put back
from sea the other day on account of
heavy weather, in bucking which her
cargo shifted and considerable water
was shipped, sailed again yesterday for
Bristol Bay. The Nushagak's original
crew deserted when the vesel returned,
and Captain Larsen had considerable
difficulty In getting men to take their
places, sailors being very scarce.
Xushagak Resumes Voyage.
Fischer Thtr — 73c Swlss-A Bk.,115 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — Truck Elect.. 12% 12%
Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. 43 —
Hono P Co. — 14% Do com ... 9 —
L.on& SF Bk — 60
Morning- Session.
Street — ¦
$25,000 United R R ot S F 4 per cent.. 79 23
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Cert. ...... 19 20
Caribou 4 30
Central Point Con 60 70
Chicago Crude 21 ....
Claremont 62 ....
Four 60 61
Hanford 195 00 199 00
Home 167% 1 «2%
Imperial 18 00
Independence ., 25 23
Junction 13
Kern ...-. .... BOO
Kern River 10 50 12 00
LJon 01
Monarch of Arizona .38 40
Monte Cristo 67 73
Occidental of W Va 11
Oil City Petroleum 45 47
Peerless 14 00
Plttsburg 15 20
Reed Crude... 150
S F & McKlttrlck , 4 00
Senator 67
Sovorelgm 44 ....
Sterling 2 DO ....
Superior 04 ....
Thirty-three 8 00
Toltec s 21
Twenty-eight ; 7 00
Associated Bonds 79
Miscellaneous —
Cal Gas & Electric Corp 38 00
California Shipping Co 20 00
Chutes Company TOO 8 00
Cypress Lawn Imp Co "00 7 00
Fischer's Theater 40 50
Northern Cal Power 11 00 11 50
SALES.
Uornln? Session.
¦ - Board—
10 Hanrord 195 00
Street — 'j?'.l
300 Home 1 CO
200 Linda Vista. If
1000 Oil City Petroleum *o
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock aad Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. *
200 Andes 22 200 Mexican 2 00
400 Caledonia ... 70 200 Overman 31
200 Con C & Va.l 551 100 Scorpion 14
600 Gould & Cur. 17| 200 Sierra Nev .. CO
1100 Justice 10 100 Silver Hill .. 57
400 Mexican 195 500 Utah OS
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 25 100 Mexican 3 00
100 Belcher 27 100 Mexican ...1 97%
200 Belcher 28 100 Ophlr ......5 37%
100 Chollar 21 100 Overman 32
100 Con C & V.I 52% 100 Overman 81
200 Con C & Va.l 55 200 Sierra Ner .. 51
400 Crown Point. 18 35 Silver Hill .. 60
100 Hale & Norc fi2 400 Union Con .. 73
100 Julta 07 300 Utah C8
200 Mexican 1 05
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. .
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 MacNamara . 18] 400 Ton of Nev. ..9 00
550 Mont Ton.. 1 67% 1500 Ton Midway.. 40
1000 Ray & OBrlen 05 400 Ton Midway.. 89
500 Ton Belmont. 71
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. May 7—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 09 lOjJustlce 10 11
Alta 07 09!Kentuck 02 04
Andes 22 23lKeyes Graes.. — 1 00 i
Belcher 2!) 301 Lady Wash .. — OC
Ben & Belcli.l 60 1 70 Mexican 1 05 2 00 j
Bullion 00 10|Occidental .... 79 81 :
Caledonia ... 71 75 Ophlr 5 37% 5 50
Challenge Con 17 20 Overman 32 33
Chollar 22 23|Potosl 16 18
Confidence . .1 00 1 051 Scorpion 13 14
Con C & Va.l 55 1 fiOlf-avase 36 37
Con Imperial. 02 0.J Seg Belcher ..09 11
Con NT 02 Ot'sierra Nev ..51 53
Crown Point. 10 20 Silver Hill . . 6fl 57
East Sierra N 06 — St Louts .... 09 10
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... 04 00
Exchequer .. 30 31 Union Con ..73 74
Gould & Cur. 22 23! Utah 07 OS j
Hale. & Norc. 62 65! Yellow Jacket. 22 23
Julia 07 CO! '
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Aek.l Bid. Ask. I
Colehan — 07 Ton Belmont.. 70 71
Eeperanza ... — OllTon & Cal ... 10 —
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Ton Cash Boy. 08 —
Gold Anchor. 26 — Ton Ex 1 OSH 1 20 I
Gold M Con. 02 0G Ton & G W.. 03 —I
Little Ton .. 25 — Ton Gold M.. 15 — j
MacNamara . 17 IS Ton of Nev.. 8 87% — ,
Mont Ton ..1 57% 1 60 Ton N Star.. 27 30
Pine Grove... 50 — Ton Midway.. .TS 4O
Ray Ton 11 — Ton & Salt L 10 18
Ray & OBrien 03 06 Ton Superior. — 11
Rescue 06 07 United Ton .. 14 20 i
J. N. Harper of the Kentucky experi
ment station is engaged in an experi
ment which. If It proves a success! will
be of the greatest value to the whole
United States.
"The successful cattle breeder," said
Mr. Harper, "selects his individuals
with the greatest care, taking into con
sideration many points. From those
produced he again selects with equal
care the best Individuals, mating them,
and so on ad inflnltum, producing with
each generation a better individual,
until the perfect animal is the result.
The same rule applies to the breeding
of horses, sheep and hogs, and it is this
rule that I am endeavoring to apply
In the growing of wheat.
"After the most careful chemical
analysis and examination under the
microscope I have discovered the best
variety of wheat and the variety rich
est in protein. I have also examined
the wheat under the microscope and
photographed cross-sections of the
grain.
"I will select the Individual grains
and plant them. Next year I will se
lect from the grains produced the finest
specimens and In the following year
will plant them. In this way I hope
after several years to produce a very
fine quality of wheat."
The experiment 13 in Its infancy, and
several years will be required to deter
mine what Its value will be. Other ex
periments have been made with wheat,
but with methods different from that
¦which Mr. Harper Is following. — Lex
ington Herald. •
Experiment With Wheat.
The following sales are reported by
Easton, Eldridge & Co: Lot 25x114 feet
and cottage on the south line of Ford
street* 210 feet east of Noe, from Agnes
Barbee to Michael Kavanagh, for $2650;
lot 50x120 feet on the north line of Jack
son street, 180 feet west of Maple, from
Dr. Winslow Anderson to M. Donahue,
for $10,000; lot 50x130 feet on the east
side of Douglass street, 250 feet south
of Twentieth, to Mrs. Clara Morehouse,
for $750; lot 50x114 feet on the north
line of Cumberland street, 205 feet west
of Sanchez, to the same buyer, for $340;
lot 35x100 feet and a two-story house on
the west line of Guerrero street, 90 feet
south of Eighteenth, Alfred Hampton
to Catherine F. Kelly, for $4700; lot
79x86:8% feet and improvements on the
south line of Greenwich street, 248:6
feet west of Scott,' Fernando Nelson to
Thomas Burke, for $2400», lot 25x100 feet
and two flats on the east line of Leav
enworth street, 35 feet south of Clay,
Mrs. Moran to V. Rossiau, for $7250;
southwest corner of California and
Webster streets, 52:6x82:7% feet, with
two three-story dwellings, C. Bielaroski
to a client, for $15,700.
In addition to the sale of the south
west corner of Sutter and Webster
streets, 137:6x137:6, for $30,000, F.
B. Surryhne made the following deals
in April: C. E. N. Bruner to George
H. Haukerken, northwest corner of
Broderick and • Bush streets, • two
story residence and lot, 26x100 feet,
$7000; Helen C. Roach to H. L. Bacig
alupi, two flats at 2740-2 Filbert
street, between Broderick and Baker,
lot 25x106 feet, $5000; A. P. Hampton
to A. Drucker, lot on the west line of
Sixth avenue, 100 feet south from A,
25x120, $750; J. F. Sims to W. Stath
am, two-story house and lot, 27:6x
122:6, 2507 Howard street, $5000;
Mrs. J. J. Needham to H. Schwartz/
cottage at 2931 Twenty-fourth .street
and lot 23x104, $2500; L. Frledlander
to M. Morris, lot on the south line of
Sutter street, 132:6 east from Webster,
25x137:6, $1100; Paul Girsch to Doro
thea Watson, two flats and rear cot
tage at 2849-51 Clay street, lot 25x
127:8, $6650; Mrs. D. Benton to Mrs.
J. F. Guthrle, lot on the east line of
First avenue, 102 feet north from Clay
street, 25x113,' $2500; Holzheiser es
tate to M. G. Tonlni, house at 1625
Vallejo and lot, 23x137:6, $5000.
The following sales are reported by
Sol Getz & Son: Lot 25x120 feet on
the west line of Forty-sixth . avenue,
175 feet north of I street, to Frank H.
Ferguson for $850; 25x127:6 on the
east line of Fifteenth avenue, 174 feet
north of C street, to C. Hussey for
$650; 25x100 on the southeast side of
Forty-fifth avenue, 225 feet south of
U street, to M. Levy; 25x100 on the
southeast line of Edinburgh street,
150 feet southwest of China avenue, to
J. Morenler; 25x100 on the so'uth line
of J; street, ,30 feet east of Thirty
sixth avenue, to J. W. Goodhue, and
50x110' on the east line of Thirty
sixth avenue, 100 feet south of J
street, to the same buyer. ; .
James G. Jones; agent for the James
Scobie estate, reports the sale last
week of the last lots of that estate,
which originally comprised some $30.0,
000 of high class property. The last six
lots sold and notf previously reported
were on the west line of Fillmore
street, 65 feet south of Fell. 30x100,
sold to Dr. G. F. Hanson for. $3260;
northwest corner of Oak and Fillmore
streets, 35x100, to Mrs. Julie Deplerre
for $6800; southeast corner of Stelner
and Fell streets. 35x100 to Robert De
war for $6760; north line of Oak
street, 109:6east of Steiner 40x137:6.
to Frederick L. and Rose L. Pritch
ard for $4800; key lot on the west line
of Fillmore street, 100 feet north of
Oak, 25x100, to Mary L. Downey for
$3000, and the last lot of this large
estate, that on the west line of Fill
more street, 95 feet south of. Fell,
27:6x100, to Joseph B. and James H.
Marshall for $3000. Mr.; and, Mrs.
Prltchardwill probably erect an; ele
gant private residence on 'their 16C
while the other buyers expect to build
fine . flats at once, some' having; begun
already. On many other lots previous
ly, purchased from this estate'flats and
SALES ARE REPORTED.
April made a better record for sales
of San Francisco realty than any pre
ceding month this year, and the aver
age, according to the carefully prepared
statistics of Thomas Magee & Sons,
was a little higher than that of 1903,
which was the banner year. The total
sales of April were $4,038,510. The build
ing permits issued last month repre
sented a value. of $1,614,714, as against
$1,343,858 In March. The' market" Is in
good condition. Thomas Magee & Sons
in their Real Estate Circular say that
the sales of April were distributed as
follows: Fifty varas , $1,161,025; 100
varas, $515,305; Potrero and South San
Francisco, $38,180; Mission addition,
$404,540; Western Addition. $1,686,900;
outside lands and homesteads, $332,560.
Henry D. Hawks of the firm of
Hawks & Skelton has purchased the
northeast corner of Larkin and Lom
bard' streets, 137:6x137:6 feet, from the
Spring Valley Water Company through
the agency of Baldwin & Howell for
subdivision and resale. The purchase
price is reported to be $17,500.
James Otis has bought from the es
tate of Ottilia Mau 50x137:6 feet on the
south line of Broadway, 137:6 feet west
of Webster street, for $21,500.
William H. Green has sold 22.08 acres
of land, including the Bungalow resort,
on the south side of the Ocean House
road, 100 feet west of the end of the
Ingleside electric road and fronting 1120
feet on the Ocean House road. The
land Is well covered with gum trees.
The purchaser Is not named. The con
sideration is reported to have been
$40,000.
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company
report the sale of all but six lots in the
two blocks bounded by Clayton, Cole;
Frederick and Carl streets and Par
nassus avenue. Six purchasers are
about to build. John Stlerlen, who pur
chased fourteen lots, has already com
menced the construction of fourteen
residences similar to those he erected
on the east line of Clayton street, be
tween Frederick street and Parnassus
avenue.
An agreement io close at 2 p..'. in.
every Saturday during May, June, July
and August has been signed . by G. H.
Umbsen & Co.; A. J. Rich & Co., Bovee,
Toy, &¦ Co., \ Hooker & Lent, Thomas
Magee i & , Sons; Guy~,T.~'Wayman,~ M.
E. Coffey', & \C6i, : , R. D. Cranston &
Samuel Bisslnger will build a four
story and basement structure on the
south line of Sutter street, west of
Larkin, to cost $40,000.
j I. Schwartz , and S. Disbecker will
erect a flve-story and basement apart
ment building, on a part of the former
residence property of General W. H.
L. Barnes, on the south line of Sutter
street, 137:6 feet west of Jones, on
68:9x137:6 feet. The, cost of the
building will be $85,000.
' A four-story apartment house will
be erected for William Deming on the
north line of , Ellis street, between
Larkin and Polk, the cost of which
will $27,500.
At Market and . Fourteenth streets
William^ Wilson will build a four-story
and basement apartment house, to
cost $49,000. '
The Baird Estate Company will place
a building on the north line of Wash
ington street, east of Stelner street, to
contain twelve apartments.
A three-story and basement building
will be erected for A. Aronson at Third
and. Jessie streets, at a cost of $35,000.
A three-story school building for the
parish of the Sacred Heart will be
erected on the south line of Fefl street
between. Fillmore and Webster streets.
L. T. Troth will build five flats on
the north line of Sacramento street
between Maple and Cherry streets,
with an open court on the side of the
building and with terraced gardens
twenty-five feet wide.
The Towle Estate will erect a six
story and basement brick building for
a rooming-house on the north east : cor
ner of Third and Clementina streets,
to cost $75,000.- ..•:'•
Baldwin- & Howell report that there
lafaTgre'at movement toward the Sun
set district, which is caused by near
ness to the park, -fine views, good
transportation facilities .and persistent
Improvements and development. Many
houses have been r erected during 'the
last year and, others are tn construc
tion.-- Baldwin" & TIoWPIV \vere. the first
to^uild a branch, «;;i.'- south of the
park. ; This is at Sevtrith avenue a.r.d
H street. . •
A. J. Rich & Co. have closed a lease
for ten years of the- premises on
O'Farrell street, formerly occupied by
Kohler & Chase, for $120,000 to the
Belvedere Music Company.
Bovee, Toy & Co. have leased to a
client' for five years, the consideration
being $36,000 for the term, the new
six-story building that A. V. Clark Is
erecting qn the west line of Second
street, near Market.
S. F. Yoe has leased to Theodore F.
Hood and L,. T. Viers for $54,000 a
building on the west line of Mason
street, near Pacific, for nine years.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction
real estate to-morrow.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will sell real
estate at auction on Tuesday.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report that at
the recent auction sale at San Mateo
Heights fifty-eight lots were sold for
$625 to $1150 a lot, the size of lots
being 50x150 feet on the average. A
lot 50x150 feet, with two-story house
of nine rooms, was sold for $5500.
Easton, Eldridge & : , Co.' announce
an auction excursion to Reno, to have
a special Pullman train that will leave
San Francisco on Friday evening, Max
20, and will stop at Sacramento an«l
all way stations. The train will be
due to arrive at Reno on Saturday
morning, May 1, at 9 a. m. Break
fast will be served on the arrival of the
train and a welcome will be extended
to the excursionists ' by Governor
Sparks of Nevada. The auction'sale
will . take place on Saturday. The
property to be sold is the Depot tract
subdivision, Immediately adjoining
Sparks, East Reno. The Southern Pa
cific Company Is constructing division
headquarters at that place, which will
cause it to be the center of a great
deal of railroad activity. Round-trip
rates of $9 55 from San Francisco and
of $7 05 from Sacramento, with one
way fare from way points are an
nounced. \
Chatfield & Vinzent have sold the
block in Alameda that is. bounded -by
Eagle, Schiller and Lafayette streets, j
with nine houses, for R. E. Bauske to
a client for $42,500. They have also
sold to R. E. Bauske of Oakland for
$36,000 the farm of William and
James Rennie, consisting of 220 acres,
near St. Helena, Napa County, with
orchards, vineyard and buildings; to
the Theodore Gier Company for
$27,000 the S. W. Fuller property of
1920 acres, half a mile from Cotton
wood, in Shasta County, to be used as
a cattle ranch; to William Cromwell
for James Russell 730 acres of grain
and stock ranch near Carbondale,
Amador County, for $14,600; to Frank
B. Darrall the Charles T. Downing
fruit and alfalfa farm of 97% acres,
near Merced, for $9750; to Richard T.
Lansom for W. T. Farweli 320 acres
of grain, fruit and alfalfa land near
Middletown, Lake County, for $4800;
two lots In the Home and Farm tract
in Marln County to Louis Crapaux;
ten acres in the same tract, near the I
station, to W. S. Bardor, and five acres
In the Denne tract/near the railroad,
line, to Leon B. Callum for $1287.
GOOD SIZED BUILDINGS.
- In addition to the foregoing Mr.
Jones reports the sale by Eliza O'Brien
to William R. Finlay of the lot on the
south line of Fourteenth street, 174
feet west of Noe, lot 26x115, for
$1700;- Harrison A. Jones to { Charles
W. Pope,- . the northeast corner of
Eighteenth avenue and Clement street,
28:11x120, for $1000, and John W.
Flinn to Arnold F. and Agnes Sonburg
the northeast corner of. Clement street
and Nineteenth avenue, 57:6x100, for
$2400. This lot changed hands three
times before the deed could be made
out, Mr. Jones selling the lot every
time at an advance, amounting in all
to $500 within a few days. The pres
ent owners will erect a store and res
idence immediately.'
LEASES AND AUCTIONS.
houses have been and are being
erected. ;
Transactions Amounting to $4,038,510 Give
Conclusive Evidence That th-. Market
Is Strong and Values Are Appreciated
REALTY SALES FOR APRIL KEEP
UP AVERAGE HEALTHY SHOWING
Sol Getz & Son have moved Into
their new office at Forty-seventh ave
nue and H street.
At a meeting of the Oceanslde Im
provement Club Friday night a com
mittee was appointed to wait upon the
Park Commissioners for the purpose
of establishing' an entrance to the park
at Forty-seventh avenue and H street,
intercepting the south drive, which Is
now necessary since so many houses
are being erected on the newly graded
blocks which adjoin this proposed en
trance. The committee on grading
Forty-ninth avenue boulevard between
I and J streets reported that the work
on same would be commenced in a very
short time, also that the opening and
grading of H street to the ocean looked
very favorable. This committee acted
In conjunction with the Sunset Im
provement Club, in the matter. A com
mittee of three was appointed to see
Mr. Chapman of the United Railroads
in regard to running cars earlier in the
morning and later at night.
Sons, B. P. Oliver, Lyon & Hoag, Unit
ed Bank and Trust, Company, P. B-
Burrhyne, Boardman Bros. & Co., Real
Cstate Security Company, R. S. Browne
& Co., Nelson, Johnson & Co., Rivera
Bros., Burnham & Marsh Co., Baldwin
& Howell, Speck & Co., Davidson &
Leigh, jShainwald, Buckbee & Co., and
Eastcn, Eldridge & Co.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1904.
47
w RATIjWAY TRAVEIj. '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAY COMPART.
Tiburon Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAW FRAKOISOO TO SAW SA7ASL.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, 8:00. 8:00. 11:00 a. m. :
12:35, 2:30, 3:40. 6:10, 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30, 11:30 d. m.
SAW BATASL TO SAW IVRAWCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:06. 6:60. 7:35. 7:50. 8:20.
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. t2:0O, 3:40. 5:0O. 5:20.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40, 4:60, 5:00, 5:20. 6:25, 7:50 p. m. tEx-
• cept Saturdays.
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. | May 1, 1904. [ San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- ! Week
Days. | days. | tlon. | days. [ Days.
~~ 7:30 a « 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:<>0a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00a 0:30a Ignacio. 10:20a 10:20a
2:S0p 2:30 p " 6:00 p 6:20 p
5,jl0p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
' . 8:45 p
7:30a 7:30 a '. 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato, . 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 8:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p . and 7:25 p] 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 pf
7:30a 7:30a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Uealdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30p Gey*ervllle, 7:25 p 7:23 p
. ¦ Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 7:30 a| Hcpland" 1 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| and Uklah. [7:25p(7:25p
• ~] i Wllllts. ~T \~
7:30 a| 7:30 a I Sherwood. |7:25pf7:25p
fi:00al 8:0O al Ouernevtlle and 110:20 »] 10:20 a
2:30 pf 2:30 pf Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:2Qp
8:00 al 8:00« 8:40 a I 8:40 a
5:10 p 8:30 a Sonoma, 6:00 p* 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. | 8:45 p|
7 :.T0 al 7 :30 at ' |10T20all0:20~a
2:30 p| 2:30 p{ Sebastopol. I 7:25 pf 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Roaa for White
: Bulphur Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and
: Mark West Springs: at Lytton for Lytton
; Springs; at Goyserville for Skatrss Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers. Booneville and
Green-wotl. at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
! Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
i Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
I Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
I Springs Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
; Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
I John Day's, Riverside. Llerley*s Buknell's,
Banhedrin Heights, Hullville. Git's Hot
¦ Springe. Halfway • House. Comptche. Camp
I Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
I Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg,
I Westport. , Sherwood, Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
vllle, Cummins, Bell's Springs, Harris, 01-
I sens. Dyer, - Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia,
[ and 'Eureka.
I Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
I duced lates. -i&i"^ 1
, On Sundays— Hound-trip tickets to all points
¦ beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
! buildin-.
i H. C. WHITINO: R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.,
IVIt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tls Siossliis twrj I Arriv*
a—Frandscs> Is* rf MsriMS a Soajfrudm
Week Sun. S«n- |W«T
Dsy*. <*«n days Days.
*ist3i*»:ooA f \ra»jfjji nroTrftiia
*1:45p 9:00* HbSBW 1:SSpS:B0v
AllAr 10:00a laSSS3» t:*Or 5:5Op
...,.., -3:X5r] I tzaOrlZZII
nctlT I e^a Masjext ST.,(Norta Shore Rsilrosi4)*
OTUa I tad Smbauto Ft*xt. Foot Markat St. ;
Company E's "Green Bird."
One of the Most Humorous and
at the Same Time Thrilling
Stories Ever Written of
the Philippines.
By Albert Sonnichsen.
JTEXT SUNbAY CAM/.
• UeriT K . rwloved huoband of Alice N. Brad-
ner. a native cf Newark. N. J.. aged .C2
. y<"«rs li mi nth? nnd 25' <5ayn.
8ROWNELL — In thi* city. May 7 190*. Jen-
• nle, beloved wife nt II.' Hrovcnell. mother of
CSiarlm A Hrefton and Mi*-. May Elllnr-
• f>on. and sister of Mrs. W. A. Nlnnocks, a
• native of Wisconsin, b«t«k1 53 years.
J C^The funeral will tak ii'.acc to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
- Prrtt-r & White. *~i Golden Gate avenue.
» Interment r>rlv»te.
Bl'RLKY— Xa this c:ty. May C. 1904. Frank
M. Hurley, beU-vrd brother cf David E. Bur-
ley o' fait Lfike C3ty. a native of Ohio.
- lU.'ZZINI— La this city. May 0. l»04. Joeeph
. W dearly Wloved husband of Nellie Buz-
Tc'.r.i,' and father of Joeeph Francis Buzzinl,
end brother of John, Martin, Salvador.
Theresa and the ls.t« Israel and George
r.uziini. a native cl Switzerland, aeed 57
years.
CJTri'nds ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• funday^ nt 12:30 o'clock, from his late
reiid-nce.' Tli lrty -second street and Railroad
• nve.nue Kouth, thence to All Hallows Church
.' inr feerviees at 1 o'clock. Interment Hoi;
• Cross Cemetery.
. COHTIIAY— In this city. May 6. 1904. Anlt*
L:i!!an Corthay, beloved daughter of Charles
iftlUaa and Mona V. Corthay. and sister of
>VUlie Corthsy, a native of San Francisco,
... a^eJ 6 montfcs and 17 days.
" C_7"The funeral wiil t&Ke place to-day
(Bandar), bi 10 o'clock, from the. parents'
residence. 23 Perry street, off Third, between
/ .Harrison and Bryant. Interment Holy Croas
•-.' "'Cemetery.
_ CittlGHTON— la this city. May C, 1904,
ThomaB F., dearly beloved husband of Annie
i-'relphton, and father of Walter and the
. !afe Raymond and Mary Cteighton, a native
of* Masaachueettc, aged M years and 6
• rhontl-s.
'C7The funeral will taks rlace to-morrow
(Monday), at 6:30 o'clock, from his late
reticence. S370 Twenty-third street, thence
• to St. Jamea Church, where a requiem high
. • maes" will b« celebrated for the repose of his
• . »>ul. st U o'clock. Interment private.
DAMON— In this city. May C, I'JOi. Anna A..
beloved wife of the late Sefli T. Damon, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 73 years and
ii days.
• C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral services
u.-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
crematory chapel In Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
. Hemauis at the funeral parlors of Bunker
<s L/Unt, 2060 MiFSion ftreet (Mission Masonic
• Temple), between Twenty-seccnd and
• Twenty-third. Pieaee omit flowers.
IUSHA- In Oakland, Ca!.. May 6, 19<H. Wll-
Jlam F., dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Dasha, end brother of Mrs. Peter Ward of
Oakland, a native cf Brattleboro, Vt., aged
" 45 years 11 mcr.ths and 0 days.
• CTFrlends and acquaintances are resp»ct-
CoUjr Invited to attend the fmsenl to-niojrow
. (Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
. street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
. cervices at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Croes Cemetery.
pECHOW— In Stockton, Cal, April 13, 1904.
- " Cfirl. beloved husband of Jer.sine Dechow,
ar,d fether of Carl. Henry and Adolf Dechow
and Mrs. Arthurst Waldron. a native of
" ilecklcnburg, Germany., aged 51 years 5
ir.omhs anil o days.
DORAN— In WeFt Berkeley. Cal.. May 7. 1004.
Joeeph, beloved huoband cf Elizabeth Do-
r^n, and father of Iiev. Father Doran and
.Mrs. John Higfcins, a native of. Ireland, aged
.* CSS yeers and 2 months.
. - CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
.•(Monday), at i> o'clock, from his late reel-
• • dence, corner of Jones and Fifth street*,,
• - West Berkeley, thence to St Joseph's
• (.Jhurch, SFberc a solemn requiem mass will
. be oeltbrat'-d for the repose of his eoul. com-
mencing at 9:^0 o'clock. Interment private,
•, . Mi Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
EKI.MMOND— In this city, May 6, 1904.
Stephtn, beloved husband of Viola Drum-
mond. son of Maria and the late Joseph H.
m Brurrmond, and bi other cf Joseph Drum-
. niond. Mrs. Maria Ault and Mra. John
. Rhcsnou, & native of Han Francisco, aged
JUJ yf-are 4 months and 10 days.
. CyFrjends and acquaintances are respect-
ful!,v invited to attend the funeral to-day
<t-u:iday>. at 12 o'clock, from the family resi-
.orn.e, ;iw Clementina street, thence to St.
J'atrick'r Church foi services at 12::J0 o'clock.
• Ir:ttrratnt Holy Cross Cemetery. Please emit
riiwfre. A requiem mass will be celebrated
. » ffy the repoee of his soul at St. Patrick's
•Church Mon<iay. May U. at 9 o'clock. Fri<-nda
j«;Y»(3 acquaintances are invited to attend.
• hJiY — In this city, Jlay ti, 1004, Eleanor Mon-
tapue. oeariy beloved wife of James W.
lit'V. . mother ot William, James, Charles.
Jt'tior. l:ich«rd and Hazel Eby, Mrs. William
.J«tt of Antioch and Mrs. George Jewries of
East Oakland, and Bister of W. F.. E. J.
*%Vd \V. de' Hanur and Mrs*. J. C. Buck, a
rjatfve oi Pennsylvania, aged 61 years a
• lonths and 2M days. tStockton. Oakland.
>r , ••Vailojn and Harrufburg caper* please copy.)
i.C!?"Fri'rnds and acquaintance? are respect-
f.uily invited to attend the funeral to-day
• irtB'isy), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
• .recldtace. r.C! Hayes street. Cremation Odd
m }-'< ! lows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
• XVELKTH— In this city. May 7. 3904, Mrs.
Sarah Eveleth, wife of the late Dwight
. . tveieth, i native ot Providence, B. I., aged
77 ream &rsc! 6 days.
C7Kunera! private, from the residence of
. tter daughter. Mrs. It. G. Robinson, 2711
*. Octavla ttrtft.
FAVfS— In this city. May 5. 1904, Otto, be-
Inved husband uf Mary E. Fauss, and father
of Albert, beo and Madeline Fauss, and son
.of Mrs. Katherine and the late Otto Fauss,
a_ native of JSan Francisco, aced Z2 years 11
rtmntha and 6 days. A member of Preclta
l'arlgr. No. 1S7. Native Sons of the Golden
\Vcsi.
• CyFri-ndi" and acQuafntances are respect
-.fully invited to attend the funerat to-day
<Su*<3ay). May 8, at 2 o'clock, from Mission
Masonic Hall, ii^Cti Mission etreet, between
• Twer.ty-Eecond and Twenty-third, where
*-crv<ces will be held under the ausoices o:
I'recita Parlor. N. S. G. W. Please omit
dowers. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
• Precita Parlor No. 1S7, N*. S. G. W. —
" <~\ffi< ers and members of Preclta Parlor No.
MS", N. S. G. W.. are hereby notified to
• assemble at our hall of meeting to-day
(Sunday), May 8, at 1:30 o'clock, to at-
tend th<? funeral of our late brother. Otto
fauss. By order of
JAMES J. RYAN. Presidsnt
FINK— In this city. May 6, 1004. Freddie
Fink, dearly beloved and only son of Martin
and Johanna Firk. a native of San Fran-
eiyfp. ;.:•: 4 years 2 months and i'4 days.
EpTritnds and acquaintances are respect-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), May 8, at 1 o'clock, from the
rceideoot of his parent*, 120D Juniper street,
'between Tenth and Eleventh and Harrison
" and Bryant. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero W.reetc.
FOS— In Alma. May 3. 1004. Isidore Fes, be-
, loved !.'j»!nni! of Mrs. JoseDMne Fos, and
brother o£ Reymond Fos, a. native of France,
.» eped M years and 20 days.
C ~i ri-ric>. and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May S, at 12 o'clock, from his late residence,
1313 Haves «treet thence to the French
Church <Notre Dame des Vlctolres). where
services will be held, commencing at 1
„ - ©clock. Interment Holy Cross 1 Cemetery.
OATHS — In Applegate, Placer County, Cal.,
May 6, 1904. Emery P.. husband of Flora
B. Gste*, father of Ovllla B. Gates, son
of Jarr.es H. an<! Kate S. Gates, and brother
•of Harry J. and Edwin F. Gates, a native of
Ksrrannnto, Cal., aged 37 years.
. CTFrien'Ss and acquaintances aro reenect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Monday). at 2 o'clock, at the Mssonic Tem-
. pie. under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge
No. 166. F. and A. M. Remains at the re«i-
<Jenc« of Mrs. Flora B. Gates, 1541 Stelner
" street.
El Dorado Parlor No. B2, N. S. O. W.—
Officers and members are hereby notified to
.' attend the funeral cf late Brother Emery P.
Gatee, from Masonic Temple, Monday May
.'J. at 2 o'clock.
» „. ,J G GUINJJANE, President
¦ J. W. KEEOAN. Re-cording Secretary
CEOGUS— In thte city. May 7. 1904. Delia.
wife, of the late Louis UeggTis, a native of
Boston. Mass.
CIUVIN— la Berkeley. Ca!., May 5. Charles
beloved husband cf Hannah E. Glrvin and
• father of Ernest A. and Laurence J. Glrvln
"a native of Brantford. Canada, aged es years'
C7"Funersl services to-day (Sunday) at 3
o'clock, at the Church of the Nazarene. on
- Center etreet. between Fhattuck avenue and
Grove street, Berkeley. Interment Mountain
View C*metery.
OOOOMAN— In this city. Msy 7, 1904, Gconre
Gcx.dtr.an. beloved uncle of M. Mer.asses and
Kate Mer-assee, a native of Ronsperg Bo-
• hernia, a.?ed 76 years and 8 months.
CREER-ln this city. May 4. untl. William
J. Gr*er. beloved father of Florence L and
Alice Gr*er. ajred CS years. A member of
Terba Buiia Lod?e No. 14, A. O U W
ahd Montezuma Tribe No. 77, Improved
Order of Red Men. «uro*ea
. JC7"Frimds .ind members of Montezuma
Nc. 77. Improved Order of Red Men
ere respectfully invited to attend the funeral
Sunday. May 8, at 12:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green
. 1171 Mission street, between Eeventh and
.• Eighth, thence tn Pioneer Hall. Fourth
ftreet, where services will be held under the
\ auspices of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 14, A. O.
T". W. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Hi^NRY J. CALLACHE*? CO.
<Succe*sors to Flams can & Gallakher 1
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mtr
ITNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEJML
. ' 20 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School.
_^_ Telephone South 60.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. Funeral Directors and Ernbalmers— -»»
' - Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
"NOW et KC6 MISSION. TeL South 187
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth stl
. Finest Equipments mX Moderate Rates.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. TeL Miwion 31
MONAHAN, 0'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
£323-2341 Mission et., near Nineteenth.
• San Francisco
I James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Fcimerly With McGinn Bros..
Funeral Directors and Etnbalmen
t 214 Bddy «t-: TeL South 676.
GREEN— In the City and County Hospital.
May 7. 1904. Ellen Grpen. a* native of Ire-
land, aired 33 yeans.
HARKINS— In this city. May 6, 1904, Patrick
Harklns, a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land, ag-ed C5 year*.
C7Kemalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 MlBSlon street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
JELINSKI— In this city. May 4, 1904, Aaron,
beloved hurt. and of Ida Jellnekl, .beloved son
of Mm. F. JeJimkl and beloved brother of
Charles, Mendle. Sadie, Mary and Coleman
Jellnskl. a native of New York, aged SI
years. (New York, Chicaco, Seattle and Du-
buque. Iowa, papers please copy.)
C7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock. Iron the residence of
his mother, 1165A Howard street Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by car from Eight-
eenth end Guerrero streets.
Offlcers and members of Golden Gate
Council No. 651. National Union — You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
deceased friend, Aaron Jellnskl. Sunday. May
8. at 1:48 p. m. sharp, at 1165A Howard
etreet. By order , .
W. ALEX SMITH. President
J. H. BAKER, Secretary.
LARKEY— In this city. May 6. 1904. James,
beloved husband of Mary Larkey.- and father
of John J. and Frank X. Larkey. Mrs. M.
Carroll, and the late Charles H., William J.
and Daniel E. Larkey, a native of County
Donegal, Ireland, ared 75 years.
C7"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at » o'clock, from his late resl-.
dence, 21 CO Filbert ftreet. thence to St. \ ln-
cent de Paul's Church, where a requiem high
mase will be celebrated for the repose of his
Boul. at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LOWART— In this city. May 6. 1904, at 163
Tehama street, Earnestlne Hortense, dearly-
beloved daughter of Peter and Louise Lowart,
and sister of Emma and Victor Lowart, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 16 days.
MAHONEY— In this city. May 6, 1004. Richard
Joseph Mahoney. dearly beloved son of Cor-
nelius and Hannah Mahoney, and brother ot
Hannah A . Cornelius. William and Anastasla
Mahoney and Mrs. S. Bernstein, a native of
f?an Francisco. A member of San Francisco
Parlor No. 49. N. S. G. W., and Beer Bot-
tlers' Local No. 131.
tTTrlends and acquaintances are- respect*
fully ln\ - Hed to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, *17j3A Howard Etreet, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church for services. In-
terment Holy Croes Cemetery.
MALONEY— In Menlo Park, Cal., May 7. 1904.
Catherine, beloved wife of the late John Ma-
loney, and lovlne mother of John, Thomas
and Cornelius Maloney and Mrs. James Cox,
Mrs. Frank Derry, Mrs. James Carroll and
Mrs. John Carroll, a native of County Ker-
ry, Ireland. *
McNAMARA— In this city. Msy 7. 1904, Tim-
othy, beloved son of the late Michael and
Hanora McNamara. and brother of John and
k Matthew McNamara and Mrs. Michael Don-
ovan, and the late James and Patrick Mc-
Namara, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, seed SO years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew" & English, 29 Van Nesa avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem
low mass will be celebrated for the repoee of
his soul Wednesday. May" 11, at St. Joseph's
Church, at 9 o'clock. Friends and acquaint-
ances are Invited to attend.
MERRILL— Friends and acquaintances ar© re-
spectfully Invited to attend an anniversary
high mass for the repose of the soul of the
late Frank Merrill at St. Peter's Church.
Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets, Mon-
day, May 9, at 9 o'clock.
MORGAN— In this city. May 6. 1904. Elizabeth
Ann. beloved wife of O. A. Morgan, and
mother of Grace, Clara. George, Dayton,
William, Lynde and Mabel Morgan, a native
of New York, aged 63 year* 7 months and j
5 days. . - i
IC Friends and acquaintances ars respect- !
f-jllv Invited to attend the funeral tn-morrow
(Monday), at 1 :3'> o'clock, from her late
residence, 343S Eighteenth street, between
Valencia and Mission streets. Interment Cy-
press Lcwn Cemetery.
MLLLER— In Burke. Sonoma County, May 4.
1904. Henry W. Muller, beloved brother cf
William, Aucust and Georee Muller Jo-
hannah Gcrbrand. Marie Suchtlng and Caro-
line Meissuer. a native of Germany, aged
46 years 7 mo'nths and 17 days.
ETFrlfnds and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral »erV iC es
Sunday. May R. at 1:30 o'clock, at I. O. It.
M Hall, o20 Post street. Remains at par-
lors of California Undertaking Company.
405 Powell Ftreet, near Post. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery-
Chiefs and members of Modoc Tribe No.
57. Improved O. R. M-, and Pocahontas
Council No. 3. D. of P.. and visiting
brothers and sisters— You are hereby not I flea
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
Henry Muller. from Red Men's Hall. J-0
Post Etrcet. Sunday, May 8, at 1 p. m.
M. V. SWAGER. Sachem.
JOHN L. GLENNON. Chief of Records.
PINCrS— In this city, May 7, 1004, Hattie.
dearly beloved wife of Pincus M. Plncus, |
devoted mother of Simon Gallick. daughter
of Mr. and Mrs H. Bernard, and eister of
Mrs. C. Colman, Mrs. T. Sullivan. Mrs. E.
Ames and Charles, Rosie and Joe Bernard.
tCTFrierds and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street Interment
Hille of Eternity Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
READ— In this city. May 6. 1904. William D.
Read beloved husband of Clara E. Read, a
native of Orino, Maine, aged 73 years 7
months and 2«5 days.
TANNIAN— In this city, May 6, 1904, Ann.
beloved wife of the late John Tannian, dearly
beloved mother of Mamie and Annie Tanman
and Mrs. William Golly, and Bister of Mrs.
Mary Ward, a native of Ireland.
|T7"Fr}-:nde and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 723 Waller etreet, thence to Sacred
Hear*' Church, corner of Fillmore and Fell
streets, for sen-ices, commencing at 1 o'clock.
Intwment Holy Croes Cemetery. A requiem
high mass will be celebrated Monday, May
» at 9 o'clock, for the repose of her soul.
TRENOUTH— In this city. May 5, 1904,
George Judson. only son of Richard H. and
Elizabeth M. Trenouth, a native of West
Berkeley, Cal., aged 10 years 4 months and
9 days.
ICT'Frlfnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
<8unuay). at 11:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his aur.t, Mr*. M. Lane, 24ti2 Mar-
ket street between Fourtceenth and Fif-
teenth, thence to St- Paul's Church, Twenty-
nlnfi and Church streets, for service*, com-
mencing at 12 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TRUFF— In this city, May 6. 1904, Daniel I
Truff. dearly beloved husband of Irma
Truff. a native of France, aged 40 years t>
months and 3 days.
CCTFrifnds and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
Mffy 8. at 12 o'clock, from his late residence,
817 Jackson etreet. between Stockton and
Powell, thence to Notre Dame des Vlctolres
(French) Church for services, commencing at
12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Croas Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
VALENTINE— In this city, May 4. 1904,
Susannah E-. beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam Valentine, and mother of Mrs. O. W. '
Everson. Mrs. E. C. Dudley and William L.
Valentine of Los Angeles, Cal., a native of
Scotland, aired 69 years 4 months and 27
days.
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the carters of the Western Addition
Funeral Directors. 1724 Devlsadero street,
between Sutter and Bush.
VLACTIN— In San Rafael, Cal.. May 7, 1901,
Maria Vlautln, dearly beloved sister of Mra
M. Murray of San Rafael, Richard H. Nagle
of San Francisco, Michael R. Nagle of Berke-
ley, and the late Catherine O'Connor of San
- Francisco, a native of County Cork, Ireland.
jETFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
cf her 6ister, Mrs. M. Murray. 810 Third
utreet, San Rafael, thenco to St Raphael'a
Church, where a Bolemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WALL— In this city. May 7, 1904. Michael
Wall, beloved father of Mrs. Matthew Garety
and Thomas Wall, and the late Anastasla
Wall, and brother of Patrick Wall and the
late Mrs. Thomas Brown, a native of Kil-
kenny, Ireland, aged 77 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his Wte resi-
dence. 1404 Church street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mars will be' celebrated for the repose of
hi« f-oul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
/AX<'Vrr>5* J\ Trains leave sad am
M/^^\ d«,to.rriT..»
Uflbaawj^wtjCTAjij SAN FRANCISCO.
N^fJ \^S- foot of Market Strert.)
him - MAIN LINE. -abjitV
7 00* Vacartlle. Winter*. Baraiej.. 7SOr
7.00* Benlci*. Snlsan, Klmireind 3»erv
mento 7-20*
740a Vallejo. Xspa, Callstofa, SanU
How. Martinez. 3*a Uamon 8-23»
7 -30a Nlles. Llvrrmore. Tracy, Lsthrop.
Stockton 7.23»
8.00a 6hn»:» Expr«sa— (VI* - D»tU).
Wtlllami (for Bartlett Springs),
Wtltows. tFrnto. Red BloO,
Portland. Ticoma. Seattle 740*
BCOa Darn. Woodland. Knljh W Lsadlng;
Maryirllle. Ororllle 748*
830a Port Costv Martinez, ABttoch.
Byron. Trscr, Stockton. Vow-
man. Lo> Banos. Mondota.
Armona. Hanford. Vlsalla,
PorwrrUlo 4.2t»
8-JOa Port Costo. Lathrop. Mode (to,
Merced. Freaao, uoanen Junc-
tion, Hanford, VlasIU, Bakers-
Held 4.58s-
¦ JOa Klles, San Jose, Llvermore. Stock-
ton. (tMllton). lone, Sacramento,
Flscenrtlle. MuriTtlle. Calco,
Bed Bluff 4.20P
I.SOa Oskdale. Chinese. Jamestown. Bo-
nora. Tnolumne and AnjoU ..... 4-20?
9.00a Atlantic Exprsss — Ogden and East. 11.204
8-30a Richmond. Martlnes sad War
! Sutlon* t-50r
I 104)0 a Tbe Overland Limited — Uftlen.
Denrer. Omaha, Chicago. 820?
10.00a V»iiejo_ „ 12.20*
10.00a Los Anteles Passenger — Port
. Costa, Martlnes, Bjron. Trser.
Lathropt Stock ton. Merced,
Itaymond. Freano, Goihen Junc-
tion, HanforJ, Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bakenaeld, Loa Angeles 7.20r
12.C0m Bayward. Nllei and Way Sutlons. 3.205
ti-OOr Sacramento Klver Stesaers. ..til. 03*
3-SOp Benlcla, Winter*. Sacrtaienta.
Woodland. Knight* Landtag,
Marytvllle, Orovtlle and war
ttatloni 10-50*
330p Hayward. Nlles »nd Way 3 utiont.. 7.53F
3.30P Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Buttons beyond Port Costs, 12-23*
3.30P Tosemlte Valley. »». 9.20a
3-30i" Martinez, Tracy, Stocttbn. Lotll... 10.20a
4 COp Martlnex,San lUm n. ValleJo.Kspa,
Csllitoga. Santa Uoss 920*
4 DOr Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20?
4-30F Hayward. Klles. Irrtngton, Ban I t3,50*
Jose. Ltrermora } {11.50a
BCOp The Owl Llmttsd— Newman. Los
Banos. Mendota. Fresno. Tulare,
_ Bakersfleld. Los Angeles. _ 9-20*
B.OOr Port Cosu. Tracy. Stockton 12-20p
tS30P Hayward. Nlles and Saa Jose 7.20a
6. OOp Hayward. Nlles and San Jote. 9.30*
6-OOr Eastern Express— Ogden. Denrtr,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Bentela. Sut-
snn, Elmtra, Dart*. Sacramento
Rocklin. Auburn, Coif ax." ,-.,-
Truckee. Boca. Reno. WaJ*-
worth, WtnnemuccS) 5.20f>
I.OOr Vsllejo, dally, except Sunday....*. 7 -«.
700r Vallejo, 8anday only f 7S0F
7-COf htchniond, San Pablo, Port Costa,
Martinet and Way Stations...... 11.20a
8£O Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysTtlle, Redding;
Portland, Puget Sound and Kast. 8-50 A
9.1 Or Hayward, Nlles and Ban Jose (Sun-
day only) 11-80*
COAST LINE (Jtsrrow Usage).
. (Foot of Market Street.) •
7.45a Santa Crux Ex cur»ton(3unday only) 8-101"
1.16a Newark, Centeriine, Ban Jose.
Felton. Bonlaer Creek. 3anta
Cms and Way Stations 8-88*
tZ.IEr Newark. Centerrllle. Ban Jose.
New Almsden.Los Gatos.Fclton.
Boulder Crxek. Sanu Crux and
Principal Way Sutlons t10.55*
4.1Er Newark. 8»n Jose, LosOatos aad ) t8.55 a
waysutlon* ) tiO SS a
• OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From bAN t'llA.SCISto. toot of Market at. (31t»»)
— 17:15 »:00 11:00 aJi. 1.00 3 00 6.15 t.m.
From OAKLAND, root of Broadway — rC:0O »:H
t8:05 10:00a.m. 12C0 200 4CQy.it.
COAST LINE <Bros«l U*m X t>).
m rir*(fnird and Towniend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Sutlons 8-30r
t7-0OA San Jose and Way sutlons..... ... 5.407
7.15a Monterey and SanU Cms Eicur-
ston (Sunday only) 10-30*
8 00 a New Almaden (Toes., Frid., only), 4.13?
8 00a The Coaster — Stops only San Jose,
Gllroy (connection for Hollls-
ter). Pajssav, CsstroTlll* (con-
neetton to and from Monterey
and Pacl&c Grore), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Boblea. Banu Mar-
garita. Ban Lnts Oblspo. principal
stations thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc), principal sutlons
thence SanU Barbars,San Bue na-
tentura, Burbank. Los Angeles . 19-439
8. CO a Ban Jose. Tres Finos, Capitols,
Santa Crus.Parlfle Grore.Ssltnaa.
Saa Luts Oblxpo and Principal
.„„ Way Stations' 4.10*
10.30a Ban Jose aod Way Sutlons. 1.20*
1140a 8aata Clara. San Jose, Loa Gatos _ _
. mm __ and Way Buttons f.SQp
1-30r San Jose and Way Sutlons 133a
3 00p Del Moste Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific GroT« (connects at Santa
Clara, except Banday, for Sanu
Cms, Boulder Creek and Narrow
Gangs Points) at Gllroy for Hoi-
lister. Tres Plnos. st Pajar*) for
Bsnu Crni, at CutroTlUa for
Salinas 12-15*
. 3-5OP Tres Pino* Way Passeaeer... ...... 10 45*,
4.30F flan Jose and Way Stations tl 00a
t5 00 r SanU Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
,_ _. ceptSundsy)., r9JKU
I5.30P 8an Jose aad Prli»clp»ivr ay Station! 1940*
6-43* Bnnset Limited.— Redwood. Saa
Jone, Gllroy.Salinss.Paso Kobles,
Ban Luis Oblspo, SaaU Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demlnr. SI Paso,
Nsw Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Sanu Cnu
snd at CastroTlu* for Paclflo
GroTe snd Way Sutlons 7*1&A
tt-16' SanMsteo.Beresford.Belmont.8aa
- Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tt-49A
8 30r Ban Jose and Way Stations..... .. M 8.38,4
BOOr Palst Alto and Way Sutlonl 18.18a
11 .30? South San Francisco. MHI&rs*. Bur
lingsmo. Ssn Mateo, Belmont; '
Ban Carlos. Bed wood. Fair Oiks,
Menlo Park, snd Palo Alto 9.45*
aiLSOr Mayneld, Monnum View, Sunny- ¦ .
tsIb, Lawrence, Sants. Clara and
Ssa Jose tMi>
A tor Morning. P for Afternoon!
IBmnday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
I Stops st all sutlons as Suaday.
EaT~Only trains stopping at Valencia St. »oatih«<ra4
sre6:10 a.m.. 7:00 a.U, T:'J ±-M., U:30a-»i^ 8:30^0^
<:» r. k. and 8:00 r. K. .
CALIFORNIA 1
LIMITED TO CHICACO %
LEAVES DAILY jj
at 0:30 *. m, thxoivli la 3 d*ys, I
wlti diner aad an trapping-*. ¦
Otier Santo P« Tralaii
7:80 *- m-l tot Stockton. Tntao. BakenfieUL
8:00 £ m. J * Merced, HanXonl and VUaUa.
4 :C0 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. xn. for Kinws Cltx» Grand Cwiyoa ao4
Chicago. *
TICKET OmCXS- 641 UaXkrt B6. a&f
Perry Depot, S. r. Alto 1112 Broad*
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 Souta Tint St«
San Joae.
TOSAtfSAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sansallto Psrry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauss Electric—
Depart fronj 8an Francisco Dally 7:0O. 8:00^
Z m., , i2-.26ri-.43. 2:55. S:43w 4:43. 8:43. 8:43.
"FRoa^sni.™" valuet to san tbaji-
<-TSOD — Dally. 6:45. «:53. T:32, 8:58. 9:55,
U^Pa. m.. lafis. 3:00. 3O3. 4:0& 8:08. «;08.
7-C5 3:00, 10:35 p. m.
T.TO. rf.w. THROUOH traces.
a. CO a m. dally — Caxadero aad way stations.
5:15 pi m. week days (Saturday «c«pted>—
Totnales and way sutlons.
i 3:13 p. m. - Saturdays! — Cazadexo and way
"Sundays only - 10 m. m.. Point Rere. and
*"^TICKET OFFICE — 628 Market st.
FERRY — Cnlon Depot, foot of MsJkst st.
The Wedlj Caft
$l dcp Year.They insist that they must receive
salaries commensurate with the dig
nity of their profession.
PARIS. May 7. — All the actors of
Paris are emphatically opposed to the
theatrical trust , proposed ; for j France.
They contend that acting is an art
and can never be put on the plane of
a mere commercial enterprise.' Their
opposition has gone to the point of
forming an association to bring about
some reforms.
Paris Actors Are Displeased.
church the apostolic blessing wa3 sent
by long distance telephone by tHe
Pope in person, and all Venice is re
joicing at the privilege of being chos
en as the recipient pt the papal Easter
greetings. The story Just leaked out
to-day.
VENICE, May 7. — On Easter morn
ing while Mgr. Cayallarl, the new , pa
triarch of Venice, was getting ready
to pontificate at the high mass In St
Mark's he was called to the telephone
by a hurry message from the Vatican
Palace at Home. On taking up the
receiver he v/as , greatly surprised and
gratified to hear the well known voice
of the Pope sending his greetings for
Easter to his beloved Venice. At first
he could not believe his senses, but the
voice over the wire reassured him.
"Yes. I am the Pope. Is this Mgr.
Cavallsri?" said the Pontiff. "I Just
called you up because I wish to . send
you and my beloved diocese my best
wishes for the Easter season. I also
send to you and to every one In the
diocese the apostolic blessing. Give
it to my people when you officiate in
the church this morning."
It was done as IJiu3 X desired. For
the first time in . the history of the
Pontiff Conveys Papal Benediction
and Greetinc to His Old
i Flock.
POPE SENDS BLESSING
BY PHONE TO VENICE
The story i» current that no woman !
has b*en allowed to enter the garden of !
•Uhe Santa Barbara Mission, although j
thers may have been a few exceptions.
At St. Louis the famous garden Is en
tirely reproduced. The fountain is in the
oer.t«rr; . the old wooden benches are imi
tated and are.plaoed as in the Santa. Bar
b;jra Mission garden. The same varieties
«t plants that have bloomed for more !
than a century for the padres of Banta
Barbara will make up the garden show
at fit L»ouis. Superintendent McLaren
of Golden Gate Park has been given
dharge of the collection of such plants.
Samuel JCftwsom, the architect of the
bcilding. visited Santa Barbara several
times and made a study of the garden.
um well as of the building and Its sur
roundings- for exposition purposes.
Every Californian will wish to have a
picture of the California building at St.
J^uis.
.- The California State structure stands
r.ext to the Illinois State building, and
the Fraternal Hall and Temple Inn are
its neighbors. Not far away is the great
Agricultural building, the largest struc
ture in the world, having twenty acres
•under one roof. Directly opposite the
California building are the Japanese
gardens.
The California building has a Jaeade
300 feet long. The. depth of the main
ttructure is 45 feet. At the back is a
l<»ctur« hall. 40x35 feet in size. Tho floor
plan places an assembly hall In the cen
tor. This is heavily beaxced. in the Mis
pion style, with trunks of trees. Out
from the assembly hall ar,e the men's
parlor and women's parlor. Back of the
assembly hall Is the office and informa
tion bureau. On the upper floor of the
building the rooms are arranged in
suites for the accommodation of the
r commissioners, the secretary ot the com
mission and the families of the official
party, who will dwell therein during the
Exposition. ',
Much -amusement Is being caused In
Bcuth Africa by the adoption bv ladles
of 3 ours calves as pet*
Th* California State building at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, at St.
I^ouis. stands on a hill, in a conspicuous
position, near the center ot the Exposi
tion grounds. While there are many re
markable buildings that will attract the
attention of millions of visitors while
the Exposition gates are open, there la
not one that has more intrinsic interest
than the California building.
It is a reproduction, with great fidelity
to detail, of the famous Santa Barbara
Xlissicn. To rr.ai.fl tbo reproduction per
fect the front has been chipped and
stained and grass seeds have been sown
between the flagstone pavements, that
the ravages of time and the characteris
tics 'to the most minute degrees may be
presented to the spectator, who may
thereby eee a vista of historical interest
exactly in accordance with the original.
A Xcry Pretty Art Supplement, "CaU
. foniia Building"' at the St. TiOois
-1 Exposition, Free AVilh Next
Sunday's Call.
CAJJFORXTA AT THE EXPOSITIOX
MANX BANKH3IENT5
ARE 3IADE BY RUSSIA
..Recent Statistics Indicate That the
Revolutionary Movement Is
Growing.
VIENNA, May 7. — The alarming
growth of the revolutionary movement
in Russia is Ehown in some interesting
figures published by the "league" on
the number of Russian political agita
tors banished to Siberia.
From Mar, 1902, tor May, 1303, only
feighly-eight exiles "were sent to the
¦Siberian province of Yakutsk, where
as the figures for the same district dur
ing the last eight montiis are 225.
Between April and October, 1903, 470
'exiles passed through the forwarding
prison of Kresnoiarsk. Of these, 17 per
cent were women, 40 per cent persons
of education, 82 per cent social demo
crats. 12 per cent . revolutionary so
cialists and € per cent Polish socialists.
From March, 1S03, to January, 1904,
• Z£4 exiles passed the forwarding prison
of Alexandrovsk. Of these 53.9 per cent
were Jews. 26.4 per cent Russians, 10.4
per cent Poles, n.9 per cent Georgians,
etc. The women in this group were
15 per cent, of whom 58.3 per cent -were
Jewesses, 39.9 per cent Russians and 1-8
per cent Roumanians.
It will be borne in mind that only a
lew districts are here taken into ac
count.
XEW YORK, May 7.— Capital and la- |
tor met again to-day at the continued J
xctotins of th« executive committee of;
the National Civic Federation. The j
object of the meeting tras the proposi- |
tion of Joint trade agreements, one of !
the subjects which th« late chairman,;
Senator M- A- Hanna, believed was the j
closest to the work of the federation. '
John Mitchell strongly advocated the
joint trade agreement. It was, he said,
the csser.pe of trades unionism. He i
continued: ;
"We have now S50 men working under
conditions which are fixed by joint
agreement. "We adjust all differences
by a'rreement; we leave no question to
arbitration. Arbitration is preferable to
strikes— that is all. The outsiders called
in have said they did not understand
conditions, and the result of the arbl- i
l ration has been unsatisfactory, both to
employers and employes.
"I believe in strikes. I also believe
in lockouts. Neither side must sur
render either one of these rights. But
I believe neither thing should be resort
e3 to until each Eide has exhausted
every peaceful means of settlement.
"Nothing can make eo much for In
dustrial peace as the recognition of the
independence of labor and capital.
. "Officers of companies have open
ed their books to me frequently
irhen there *as some question of the
returns ir.a4e. "We know -what the op
erators are making and in this way
ue have come closer together. We be
lieve the answer to all questions Is the
trade agreement."
In r^ply to questions put to him by
members of the federation, Mitchell
said that ' under no circumstances
vrould he consent to the arbitration of
some fundamental questions. He
¦would never consent to arbitrate the
€ight-hour -workday or his right to be
long to a union. As an instance of his
position en the question of arbitration,
be cited a case where he had advised
the miners in Kentucky to accept a
vrage reduction of 4 \i per cent rather
than accept arbitration which the em
ployers jvere perfectly willing to grant.
He believed this preferable to having
outsiders come In to adjust affairs
which they did net understand.
A comrnittr-e on trades union agree
ment was appointed, subject to the call
of Its chairman, Francis K Robbins,
president of the Pittsburg Coal Com
pany.
Says Arbitration Produces
- Besults Unfavorable to
• Employers and Employes
BELIEVES IX STRIKES
John 3Iitdiell Appears Be
fore the Executive Com
mittee of Civic Federation
FAVORS JOINT
TRADE POLICY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1904.
It is Quite probable that Nance
O'Neil may take a cottage at one of
the summer places near Boston and
pass her entire vacation there.
PARIS, May 7.— Miss Bessie Abbott,
granddaughter of Governor Plckens of
South Carolina, is about to enter the
Opera Comique on a contract* for. two
years^. She wiir sing her first role in
"La, Traviata" next 1 September.
American Girl to Sing Abroad.
In a discussion of the stage at the
meeting of the Congregational clergy
men last week, in Boston, Dr. Shinn
said: "I would take 100 actors and
100 business men of the ordinary types
and the former would be of a higher
moral grade and more respectful to
ward the church than persons of any
other calling." He spoke about the
popular idea that the stage offers ter
rible temptation to the young, but he
said that from what he had heard in
his work of the frequent insults met
by. young girls in business houses one
might just as well urge girls not to be
come, clerks-land vtenograpners.
"When the white man first reached
the City of Mexico It had 300,000 Inhab
itants, probably more than the entire
population of the North American con
tinent.
On account of the annual picnic of
the St. Andrew Society, of which many
of the Scottish bowlers are members,
the tournament matches scheduled for
yesterday- were postponed. A number
of the bowlers were out, however, and
some good practice games were played
in both doubles and singles.
', In , a three-handed 'game • M. .L.
Crowe,. the. first champion of the club,
defeated Andrew Foreman and Dr.
Gunn; Crowe was In fine form and
beat his opponents handily.
• - None of ; the matches was close ex
cept that between J. W. Stott and G.
C. Patterson and G. W.< Elder and .A.
H. McDonald. \, ; The outcome . was
constantly in doubt, first one sldelead
ingr and then the other. McDonald
and Elder - captured the . last three
ends, .which gave them the match.
Robert -Park caused surprise-by
beating H. t L. Tickner by, a score of
21 "to" 1. Tickner is a clever bowler
and. Park bowled the game of his life
when he allowed 'him but; one point.
The scores -follow: - -
Y. C. Lawson and T. McNaught beat
M. Ij. Crowe Defeats Andrew Fore
. man and Dr. Gunn In a Tlirec-
Handcd Game.
.R. Park and H. K Tickner 21 to 10;
J. T. Dare and G. C. Patterson beat
C. Center and Rev. R. Logan 21 to 12:
J. W. Stott and D. O'Brien beat G. W.
Elder and A. McDonald 21 to 18; H.
L. Tickner and A. Foreman beat G. C.
Patterson and Alex Hay 21 to 10;.R.
Park beat H. L. Tickner 21 to 1; M.
I* Crowe beat A. Foreman and Dr.
Gunn 21 to 11- and 15; Crowe and
Duncan beat Latlmer and Stott 21 to
16; Foreman and James Gray beat
Dr. Gunn and Joseph Gray 21 to 8;
Park beat J. M. Earsman 21 to 8;
Tickner; and rMoffat beat Patterson
and , Gray 21 to 10; McNaught and
Lawson beat Park ' and Tickner 21
to. 10. .
SCOTTISH BO WLERS PLAY
5 SOME GOOD PRACTICE GAMES
48
SEE PAGES
41 to,47.
ft BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
A\ T O L E T FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED.
$VH HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
Ti / TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
S A ND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED^
PAGES 41 TO 47 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
BACK TO THE IiAND.
California Ranches and Farms
Always Yield a Good
Income.
Some Choice Bargains Adver-
tised To-Day.
SEE COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
: : —"" — ~ ' — : ~" — I — 7 ' ' i : ~~ : "~ ¦ : _,_ ~— — - HALE'S.
IIALE'S. I IIALE'S. | POLE'S. j HALE'S. p HALES. '
Hale s Anniversary Table Again Laden; Another Full-Course Dinner. Every One
Is Invited: Who Wont Come? ~
First women's suits; then notions; then millinery; next'black silks, "bath towels ; then handkerchiefs, ribbons, silk stockings, rings, silverware, crockery, kitchen things. What an n-
viting menu. No one will be disappointed. No one will have to wait. We expect the fullest house this week. '.
'I^^^^^Hundreds Women's Suits^^Sm^
ifjpjl (^^m§f\^J^^^^ f^^^> * Newest, prettiest styles to be seen and in variety to suit every fancy. Beautifully tailored and right in w^ni \i ' \ . ** W
%/^fl/ V \ \ ii M y^sJ^^ Eastern trade conditions are to blame. They had no spring back there— and what to do with all the- J||| >^ |l| w/jj N// \ijjk
1^k$$\\\ h X&ir ujv)^ spring clothes? Merchants were canceling their orders. Factories'. goods and expenses kept piling up. It was Mj ijj fy^S/^ il tf/'j/
rtfwfll M $ rtf L «lv^Tt the" bluest outlook in years. What else could they do but lose? Where else could they take .that loss but III V I f \r^ '/ | IHl/-
**1//jfji'l Jo I %. Ij ' i*U\U in Sunny California? And who in California could give them such immediate relief as Hale's) with their sbc /Ii %<\jl Ai^/ » \ vfk
w 'i\l§ m llV^OJv I'lllui stores, where a thousand suits could be 'placed as easily as a hundred and .fifty at the ordinary single store? w9 \jl '< %i---~w '
f ! \f \ I IVv^^x- ill lulu We picked out six factories— took all they had on hand as well as their cloths (which were at once made up J 5^ uVV
J I VI ' \ V^\^ } /fl^Hlm to our order). No suits can be newer; none better tailored ; none to be seen in likely half the variety, even in J{WSjf \L \ '^S/P 1 *v
I //.\ l V^ hi f/i II iim regular stocks, for twice what we are fortunate enough to* ask. The beauty of it is: only two prices: f/Mllin\\\\\ 1/0%//// %
\iY l JWm p art of Them $10.75 I TheRestof Then, $13.50 **flf^ / I
Styles Like These $11 «?O That's less than it cost to make them. Every popular cloth, every popular color, and not a fashionable Styles Like These $10.75.
:: ~jL£x~X . Etons, blouses and jacket effects. ; touch is missing; suits that are not over 40 days old. The most notice- • ~—
i^ow pnees ior a purpose. as fanC y as 1CV can be. Choice $io.7S- this summer. Choice $13.50. 18x34 inches. Regular price, 30c
Mercerized pillow loops, long, 3 . E _c === _ = _ =a===as=s=ss __ == _ a!S^^ p^d CHoppew. 95o— That are sold
pre'tiy coSrs^' 22c ****** Narrow Ribbons Two WholesaJe Importlni Milliners Send Us Their Ordinal Lines 9 Swift's Laundry v3^"?n! 1 £Ln& i bntlhe
»/r r ' t 1 ¦ l^dl ium *v* *j*j\j **«j _ -:--..- -_ */ resular family size; witli «tcn
More of those mantel drapes, 35c; . f : /ifL~~* *~T* • - Ji J T"^ J M ' SoaD ZSC chopper are three knives.
j yards long, with fringes to Under Anniversary Influence. I 51tirl U&ftfi V=tO= , ua^ gt Mincta* Knivw. so— steel biado end
match. , . , , ,- • 1 1 I llIllllwU CtllU IVvaU J tvF The lowest price in the city. A well finished; 1 5c kind.
Tinted pillow tops, 2S c; wild roses, The kind of qualities you al- • ¦ soap , the qnal fy of which every one <mop o Bajto. 10c
chrysanthemums, poppies, vio- ways get at Hale S. Wl A51 f* /Vinrl^lQ knows, so who won't want some of wniow K»mpe»— For soiled clothe*
lets, daisies; backs with each The kind of orices onlv Hale's ' T T lTlVUVl*3t it to-morrow? 90c; 22 in. high, with cover.
TapeTry pillow slips M all fin "lake. ? Leaders of their kind and early enough for them to do" " M SreSft8K s »&3^ Wash ers ™* «™«
aLVL . -. l*£« Ta«eta, 2 0c kind at 15o you much good-your pride as as your purse in^SSSd Tow.! Hac,. - Three Regular N^tth the heav
bright, showy stnpes. * no. 1 4 satm Taffetas, 35c kind at Where did you ever see such style in ready-to-wears? ar^ 9c iest kind of copper bottoms, too.
Lamb skins for art burning 40c. 25c piece. Certainly not under $6.00? Many of them are worth $10 and Vr^"biue enlSSieT'ones^d^id tight-fitting covers. Instead of $1.25.
Those with a good velvety finish, • No. 2 Satin Taffetas. 30c piece. * J2 an( j ye t we 'll give YOU choice of the entire lot to-morrow , elsewhere at 25o. • the Anniversary price- 90c
perfect in every way; greens, grays, You may have them in most } f iuu^ c, co ' *
r «ds, browns «n£^. any color as well as black ( TI»M»™* »-.'««'«». »»d*ta." Some of the- ««t ih. to- . -j j, . .- . j, ~ .
rlenSOOC White Shifts ote aIso tnese pnees (the porter as 1 much as $35-oo; none of them less than $20.00 and many |-| f\X\ ft l^^f^/^rli^T 1 M fXT^Cf^
, -, n lowest in the city). of them $25. The ideas they gave him were his profits. Now 1 IClllUIWl VlllWl VlIClIlCV
at JyC -r. , A, nMC r,. „_ Aar . they are to be sacrificed. $5.95 and $8.00 each (it's almost like
(For Anniversary.) w Fancy w ,h nbbons for under- .^ them 1TOy) . ,, | jq Q q^ wn , Want fQ Misg
UnUundered. : Xo- 2 23c wC-> Sc yd . Anniversary opportunity
And of the best New \ork xo 1% 40c pc. 4c yd. «^v « ¦ 1 • • T^ • t- ±. t. ji t-« e .. >.• tt t » .t • t
mills muslin. No. 2.55c P c, eke yd. lj £±*%7 & I Cl T 1 Cm fl If! ViliO'C To attract more handkerchief attention to Hale's this week
Pure linen bosoms, double fronts xo. 3, 70c pc. 7%c yd. I\Vt dd L<1 VT 1.1. Ill IX 111 4hL than any previous offering. We've tested our resources for this
and backs; thoroughly satisfac- A .\ nc u Blarl- Taffetas 20c , . \ , ' occasion.
S%1$SSL r? y and T , h ;A! ctoTJTJ^TJT^ „ f h °r r th °" shl " >cy C °" ld set S ° "'" Ch f ° r 2SC> 50C Got Values We Never Had Before
price: 39c. in the widths most wanted now. and Sl.OO* Now you test US
« More than io'.ooo entirely^ new rings, beautiful and re- Such - the Annii ; ersar y spirit behind alI the doin^ this montK
17 T^ I «f_ Cn*^AT^r fined. This big consignment the factory just sent us will be *
VCrV i OpUlfll JSC JPSnCy _ opened up..to-morrow morning the first. time. Rings of Not a handkerchief that isn't fresh and new and perfect and
* g-vm + i j_ a mm every sort — plain or set. Stones are such perfect imita- underpriced. . <
J J^g Q\ 45C tions that T ou wouldn't know it if you were not told. $ c Each: 12}' c Each:
tht POP ° lar blUCS ' brOWnS> UnS • , Even if you pay but .scyo^re safe. Maybe you think . £!,£*«££ §ES| ™SEi £^"
—Colored taffetas, principally marines and navy blues; 75c material its preposterous for us to advertise some with row s of dainty re- Anrf hL/fnf 1,^ .M« ;«
w (l9 n in i'i ? i. / r r . « Solid Gold Shell Rings, with single stone setting, 25c. verc, stitching; some with hem- P r5?y SwS effect Sloped
8-c S?t and 1 1°2- Scvrifks a Toe Some^o'f HT^ But come and see them ' We wiU have a Professional stftied colored borders and col- Ld embroidered appliquf b'or-
tH' l?ng?hs aI |on $ g- e D noSgn y fofl "JtJSTtor I demonstrator, who. will convince you that they are all right. ored embroidered bow knots m <£«
waist, all pretty summer styles, good seasonable vJV^/ If you only knew it you'd be surprised how many folks are tne corners. 25c hach: ,:...
colors, or they wouldn't have gone to short lengths ' ' wearing imitation jewelry. Qc Each' x^9 ozea beautiful patterns in
so quickly; 19 to 22 in. wide. . The 25c rings are for women and misses, set in opals, turquoises, y ™n dozen lawns in hundreds of dainty Swiss, scaUoped and cm-
Gun metal, check and stripe, in soft Swiss silks; will engage special at- garnets, sapphires, emeralds, as well. as plain band rings. 300 ooze^awns m ™« broidered borders, floral, blmd
tention this week; 65c yd. They're popular for outing suits. Every one stamped and guaranteed. dainty stylcs> . hci n stltc n ccl stitch and applique ideas. All
This anniversary also brings you a Plain band baby rings, 25c. and embroidered ideas, lace in- pU re linen handkerchiefs; fixed
C^^^I^ii Dl/^^l^ Trt-f^^T-*-. Af\~ 50c— Rings, single or double settings, in opals, garnets, turquoises and sertion; even.any number of lace up with lace borders and lace in-
bpeCial BlaCK latieta at 4UC cmertlds. * '* 4 effects and lace corners. sertion in many new ways.
One we can recommend, soft and lustrous, yet firm and fine, with no F Iain b . and wedding rings, 50c. . With summer needs ahead what a fine chadce to lay in a supply.
dressing in it to be broken; a remarkable value indeed. $1.00 rings— Solid gold shell ones with 2, 3 and 4 settings, new de- —
75c Black Pcau dc Soies at S5c; guaranteed pure silk. 20 in, wide. S1 8 nj ; . in garnets, opals, rubies, turquoises, pearls, emeralds and
80c Black Pcau de Soies at 65c; pure silk. 24 in. wide. sapphires. /^ J. f -~
a — — , ,_ ¦ — m — M ml m. ¦ ¦ wt £M I urn C3
T 1 C 1 Special Wash Goods for Anniversary Selling. ' 0 14111 111 Wl VU1 lailld.
Ureat lOWei oaie 7 C f or ; Batistes, worth 12c Draperies and Shades
Every One With Summer Needs Will Be Quick to \ 4 Q f Qr jg MadraS, WOrtH 20C Next course in the Anniversary ( -1
Take Advantage of Blue-and-white apron check ginghams, good quality; will be 5c spread. Cottage Curtains Z5c fir.
in D "? O T^ Not a stale value. . . Tapestry Portieres $3.45 fr
J^Z Vnr ?J£,S ?h?t y Galatea cloths - so hcay y and e° od for vacation dress and Not one every one won't relish Window Shades 30c.
quantities. 1 or example, tnese. •- . - women's skirts. 15c yd. • , , , A , . u^ ?«. r- j ml i- a 1 *»
BleaCfied and Unbleached Turkish TOWelS Imported etamines, as dressy and coveted as they can be, with fancy and be g lad ot tne criance to Figured 6 Ukolmes 3 I -3C
*ioc— 18x36. 14c— 19x40. 24c— 22x48. „ ¦. pr int e d figures.and woven dots; 50c and 60 quality to go at 35c s h a re, especially if they have a ic Curtain Rods IOC.
t 2 i/c— 10x18 ' 10c— 22x7? 2or ¦TfWAp, But its these batistes at 7c a yard that most I \T\ r^ \ £i .
a 11 tL *r • I- I t 290-20x4^. women will be anxious for; goods that ordinarily , mj ' summer cottage to fit up. ' ¦ -— -J
All These TurklSh TOWelS 19C I ««" at i2/ 2 c; dressy and i desirable, various col- /f 35c Curtains-Lappet Swiss, in 2 !^
Bleached and unbleached, fringed and hemmed, good large size ored grounds (all good shades), tans, blues, reds, • V/ str] . pe patterns; y suitab i c for . g x °* U • yfte ' UlC pncc to
(22x45 in.) Towels we can't sell regularly under 25c; the ctc ' A ... . ... '': . '., -rr — ~1 the summer home, basement or "joe Window Shad»-A <mi. m^ml.
price 19c. And these madras suitings at 14c, 32 in. wide, white grounds with attic windows wn oair^ 30c winoow s>naa»— A fine eppor-
5 r " ch - resu . lar /5C quahty ' _ u e . , „ , &&JmL*S0M/ JmW —^ *1 W ith heavy knotted fringes. peen, mounted and ready to
Cotton Towels 5C. Other Special Huck Towels. /$/ J^zfeb.TP/S^^ deep colorings; 5 o inches wide hang. Anniversary price, 30c
Birdscye weave, fringed, size 15x30. lie quality at I4c* a Iffl&f flSf £&$£SSt4 fSCuA ti&SSEsr and 9 fcet long ' Beautiful ioc Brass Curtain Rods— Regular
Cotton towels, hemmed, liuck ioc quality at 16c! imwf iMSBw LvtSssSSmp I&xSp' i&paS&Er $5.00 hangings, but there arc price 15c; more than 1000
weaves, 3 sizes— ;j/.c, 9c and ioc." Hemmed, with red borders. fgWl /r^*'_S*~**mm. -«<^^^ only i's and 2's of a kind left. ready for special selling to-
Hemstitched huck towels, all white, GIass T ° w els (1 yard long), ioc. JM*f \*±i*%ir*& 53-45- morrow. They can be nsed
... TrtT ,c Hemmed, red and blue check patterns. Qmmm* KMO€MMJ^^^0^^ 8 1-3C Art Silkolines — Recular I2j4c for any window measuring
lie, 19x30. I^^^l^.^hed. all ready to !/: - r g3^^TBlg 11 " • quality, 36 inches wide, many from 30 to 48 inches; complete
mmcd ' IHSSSi* 1 ™ Market Street, Near Sixth, San Francisco. E&^sSSiil S?, bMCket> "* wkte flnted
AUTOMOBILE PICNICS.
New Society Fad.
Sec the Full Pajce of Photo-
graphs That Illustrate
This Article.
NEXT SUNDAY C.VLL