THE VTEATEEB.
Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty noun ending
znidnltrnt, Kay 31:
San Fraaclsco aad vicinity—
Partly cloudy Tuesday; fresh
westerly ¦wind. .
OK X. WILLSOIT,
local Forecaster.
TOKIO, May 3p.— General K"'
roki reports a number of outpost
affairs and the capture of eight
Russian scouts. A detachment of
Japanese troops attacked and de>
feated 2000 Cossacks at Aiyang*
pienmen, northeast of Fengtvang*
cheng, on Saturday.* The engage'
ment began at IO:3O o'clock in the
morning and lasted an hour. The
Japanese lost four men killed and
twenty>eight wounded. The "Rus'
sian casualties are not known.
General Oku, \n command of the
Japanese forces operating against
Port Arthur, reports that the Rus*
sians have abandoned Chengkoc>
henpu, Huangshan and Liushutun.
No Russians have been seen east
of Chengkochenpu.
LATE MATOR OF BAL/TIMORE. WHOSE SUICIDE IS ATTRIBUTED TO MENTAL,
ABERRATION DUE TO OVERWORK AND WORRY CAUSED BY CRITICISM OF
A FACTION WITHIN HIS PARTY.
Mayor McL.ine. Tas' married two
weeks ago to : ¦¦Mrs: 'Mary Van BibV-cr,
a well-known 4 and popular roclety
leader of Baltimore. The bride is pros
trated 1 by the terrible .tragedy.
The Mayor, was very, popular among
the» people generally, irrespective >f
party, and :th«* whole community has
been profoundly.shockvi by his tragic
end. ' ' - -.:''¦'¦ , ; ¦
'¦¦ Mayor McLane was 36 years of age —
the youngest chief . executive Balti
more ever had. He was, the son of
James T. McLane, j president of the
First National Bank, and nephew of
Robert M. McLane,' former Governor
of Maryland and. United States.Minis
ter to France during President Cleve
land's first administration. Previous
to his election as r Mayor " he had for
four, years filled -the office of State's
Attorney, In which * he i distinguished
himself ' by;. a< zealous and intelligent
discharge of i his , duties. . his
brief administration of. the Mayoralty
he had , brought upon ! himself the ¦" an
tagonism of the Democrats by. the ap
pointment of independent rnembor3 g of
the par 1 y. Recently there had ; been
marked opp-jsitlon to him amon^ Bein
o«»-»tie int'inbvTs of, the City.. Council 1
In matters relating " to thn rebuilding
of Baltimore. ; ... ' .¦.$ V..
plred term. The second branch of the
City Cpuncll, which is Republican, will
elect a president, , not 'necessarily a
member of the present body, to pre
side over It. ' . ,
ROME, May 30.— It is reported ; • that
the Pope is preparing.an encyclical'as
serting that he is prepared to renounce
his claims : to all temporal : sovereignty.
except la Rome* ' -^
May Renounce Claim to Temporal Sov
ereignty Except in. Rome. '
ALLEGED INTENT OF POPE.
¦ The woman \ engaged the/ apartment
at 10 Vclock last ' night and '. stated ; that
she ' had Icome: from 1 ,; Santa = Cruzl .• ; / A
baggage i cheeky obtained > in ;' that; city
¦was found among ; her effects. * She ; had
been: in- Palo;- Alto" • about' three" months
ago, but of her. personal affairs nothing
ia known' here, :~ ' [-'.
PALO ALTO, " , May 30.— Miss Ellen
Olsson, a middle-aged woman, whose
cards Indicate, that she was a graduate
in medical gymnastics at .'the "Royal
Central v Gymnaslum in Stockholm, „ was
found dead ' by the landlord this after
noon ina room rented by her last night
at the Mariposa lodglhg : house. ' ; * ,'; '
Dr. Van Dalf en, who was called: when
the body was : " discovered,": thinks .that
Miss Olsson may : have ¦ committed - sui
cide. She was "_ in ; a kneeling I posture,
as" If ; praying, and had been-deadlsev
eral, hours." ..'•.; .-."..'¦- : -
BpecJal Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, May 30. — The Ministry of
War has caused the arrest of an officer
who is undertsood to have been con
nected with the. Dreyfus affair. The
officer, ' who is held in close confine
ment-in the fortress of Mount-Valer
ian, is said to be charged with using
considerable sums , of money during
the court-martial at Rennes in order
to Becure the conviction of . Dreyfus.
AH official information concerning the
case is withheld. "
tlal Is Arrested.
Officer Who Used Money to Secure
Conviction nt Rennes Cou^t-Mar-
ANOTHER DREYFUS
SCANDAL PROMISED
GUEST DIES
IN ATTITUDE
OF PRAYER
No hint of serious disorder was given until late in
the afternoon. Two or three white men had cautioned
the negroes to be more circumspect in their behavior
and Policeman Gibson, who was on the post in the latter
part of the day, also had spoken to the ringleaders.
Gradually small bands of negroes became merged and a
Jme of fifty men paraded from the block, singing and
jeering at. the- whites.
As the- line was passing the corner of Wharton and
Patton streets one of the negroes made a remark to a
white woman who was on the sidewalk. Gibson heard
it and Jumped toward the fellow, intending to arrest
him. Before Gibson could get . the man he was Bur
rounded by negroes and thrown to the pavement He
Bwung at the"- heads of his assailants with his club, but
the odds were against him and he was speedily over
powered. --33269£lfiJ
, Austin Malone, a white man, saw Gibson's plight and
called for help. - Many white men soon went to Gibson's
aid. Then the fighting became general. One of the
negroes drew a revolver and fired It rapidly. The re
ports brought other negroes and whites to the scene.
As fast as they came .they plunged into the fray. From
curb to curb Patton street* was filled with a mob of com
batants. The negroes used knives, revolvers and such
—'Miles aa they, could lax their • hands ; on. -
Prior to the trouble a disorderly spirit had been man
ifested for several hours by idle negroes, who were loung-
Mng near Thirty-second .and Wharton streets. Some of
the negroes were partly intoxicated.
Those most seriously injured are: Ilene Mentez,
aged six years, shot in the back; Jesse Walter (colored),
28 years old.. stabbed in the, back; Jesse Walter (colored).
SO years old. shot in the back; Lizzie Langdon, 18 years
old. shot In the left side; Policeman Albert Gibson, badly
cut on head and possible fracture of the skull.
; PHILADELPHIA. May 80. — Started by a remark
made by a negro to a white woman, a race riot which
embroiled 300 negroes and whites raged here for a' half
hour this afternoon In Patton street. Revolvers, knives
and bricks were used. Five persons were so seriously
Injured that they were taken to a hospital. About
twenty more, including several policemen, were slightly
hurt.
Insult to White Woman
Starts Race Riot.
LONDON, May 30.— A price war is
being waged between the oil interests
in the English market. Within ' the
last ten days the price of petroleum
has fallen, in the case of the London
retailer from 3 % d a gallon to prices
varying from 2%d to 2j£d, a gallon
The retailer has conceded nothing. to
the general public up to the present,
The latest and most drastic cut in
prices has been made by the company
controlled by American capitalists. It
meets one made by the Shell Com
pany, which seeks to maintain British
interests.
Retailer Profits.
American Company Makes Cut to
Meet British Competitor and the
PRICE WAR RAGES IN
ENGLISH OH/, MARKET
Mayor McLane was elected as a
Democrat to the office of chief magis
trate of the municipality, In May of last
year for a term of four years. Under
the city charter he will be succeeded
by T. Clay Tlmanus (Republican),
president of the second branch of. the
City Council, to serve out the unex-
BALTIMORE, Md., May SO.— Mayor
Robert M. McLane of this city shot and
killed himself this afternoon in his
bedroom at his residence, -V 29 West
Preston street. His bride of less than
two weeks was" at the time asleep In
an adjginlng room and "was awakened
by the discharge of the revolver, which
McLane evidently fired while standing
before the mirror of the dressing table.
The bullet entered. the right temple,
and, crashing through the head,
emerged back of the left ear.
Mra. McLane and other members of
the household rushed i to the Mayor's
assistance, but he did. not regain con
sciousness after he fell to the floor,
and expired within an hour.
No cause can be assigned for the act
by any member of McLane's family.
Since the fire of last February he has
been kept assiduously. at. work admin
istering the affairs of the city, besides
endeavoring to direct the rehabilitation
and rebuilding of the burned dis
trict ! This, together with criticisms
by. his political opponents, is believed
by many to have caused a temporary
aberration of mind.
.. PARIS. May 30. — Inquiries made at the Foreign Of
fice, regarding an unofficial intimation that the United
States Government would welcome the aid of France
toward securing the release of Ion Perdicaris and Crom
well Varley from the Moorish brigands show that no
request of that kin4 has been received and that there
fore «no steps are contemplated.
FRENCH AID HAS NOT BEEN REQUESTED.
WASHINGTON. May 30. — Admiral Chad wick's arri
val at Tangier this morning on the flagship Brooklyn
was reportc-d by Consul Gummere, and the Navy De
partment received a cable direct from Admiral Chad
wick. It is not believed there will be any change In the
Fituation until the complete squadrons of Rear Admirals
Chadwick and Jewell reach Morocco. The question of
landing marines will be left practically to their Judg
ment. Admiral Chadwick will confer with Gummere at
once and a report of their views of the situation will be
sent to the State Department.
. Should there be no indication, within twenty-four
hours after due notice has been served, of the release of
the prisoners, this Government will not hesitate to land
marines to assist the soldiers the Sultan of Morocco may
call out for a show of force against the bandits. Should
no relief come under the circumstances, this Government
will then hold the Government of Morocco responsible
for whatever may happen to Perdicaris; and should the
Sultan, after every effort, fail to bring the- prisoners out
alive, the possibility of the situation is the extermina
tion of the bandits by United States marines.
There is no doubt in the minds of the officials here
that the Government of France would gladly aid the
United States in securing the release of Perdicaris by all
means in its power. Because of her authority in Mo
rocco France perhaps could do more in a peaceable man
ner than any other nation to effect the release of the
men. If the United States decide to make any request
for assistance from France, naturally it would be in an
unofficial manner, and if other attempts to secure the
release of Perdicaris fail such intimation of a desire for
French assistance may be made through the State De
partment.
It is the understanding here that the admiral com
manding the American fleet has orders to exercise pres
sure upon the Moorish authorities to Induce them to
accept Raissouli's terms. The Sultan Is willing to pay
a ransom and liberate Raesouli's partisans, who are now
imprisoned, but Rassouli now demands American pro
tection for the settlement. This last condition is con
sidered dependent upon the American Government.
Rear Admiral Chad wick, accompanied -by an aid.- the
"L'nlted States Consul General and two marines, visited
Torres, the representative of the Sultan at Tangier. The
interview lasted ten minutes, after which Torres re
turned the visit at the United States consulate, the
Brooklyn firing a salute in his honor.
Torres has informed the American and the British
representatives that he cannot grant Raissouli's terms.
A special courier, it is reported, has been sent to the
Sultan, conveying the American view.
MARIXES 3IAY PURSUE THE BRIGANDS.
TANGIER, Morocco, May 30. — The United States
cruiser Brooklyn, flying the flag of Rear Admiral Chad
wick, arrived here to-day and was soon followed by the
cruiser Atlanta. Other American vessels are expected
shortly. . i'i-\
The authorities here consider that the position of the
American, Ion Perdicaris. and his stepson, Cromwell Var
ley, a British subject, •who were kidnaped by bandits
headed by Raissouli. is now more serious than before/
The crowded galleries arose and ap
plauded for five minutes, crying "Viva
Combes." Signor Glolittl continued:
"Therefore, the unhappy phrase was
for Italy the happiest. The note con
tained the usual protest which the
Vatican has been repeating for thlrty
foor years. Italy has no reason to
change her policy. She does not fear
the Invasion of the. congregations, as
she has laws to protect herself. If these
laws are insufficient we will make new
ones. To fear that the country cannot
protect itself against the influences of
foreign congregations is to insult Ital
ians. The state and the church must
be as two parallel lines which never
meet. Both must enjoy liberty. It will
be worse for the church on the day
that she illegally interferes in the mat
ters of the state."
Signor Guercl, continuing, said that
Italy had less to fear from the papacy
than other countries. Being near the
Vatican, she could always see prep
arations behind th? scenes. He com
plained that the Pope, who In his ca
reer before he became Pontiff saw, ap
preciated and profited by Italian unity,
should now, as Pontiff, have as high
inspirer and executive against Italy,
a foreigner. Cardinal del Val.
Premier Glolittl, who arose amid a
breathless silence, said the Vatican
note naturally was nipt communicated
to the Italian Government. France had
answered it as she thought best. The
affair was one In which Italy could not
interfere. The Vatican note contained
a phrase regarding the King of Italy,
but the effect produced was such that
they must be extremely glad of the ex
istence of that phrase, as it has offered
Premier Combes the opportunity to
make a statement so flattering to Ital
ian patriotism.
PREMIER UTTERS THREAT.
- Signor Guerci." - Radical. • .Jtollcvred.
Eaylng that "this time the Vatican in
not protesting, but bleating." Signor
Cabrins. Socialist, interrupted: "Call it
braying."
BITTER TOWARD DEL VAIi.
ROME, May 30.— The Chamber of
Deputies was crowded to-day to hear
the discussion of the attitude of the
Government toward the Vatican's pro
test against President Loubet. Signor
Mazza, Republican, called the note of
the Papal Secretary of State, Merry del
Val, a "perfect insult." He recalled
that the Pope had not protested
against atrocious offenses to religion in
France. His Holiness had now risen
against a King who, according to the
Vatican, had stolen the pontifical patri
mony, designating his Majesty as a
usurper. The note, therefore, was a
declaration of war. Signor Mazza
asked the Government to take ener
getic action to prevent the Invasion
of the church into the kingdom's af
fairs. The Government had forgotten
all pride and the national dignity in
answering the Vatican insult by giving
hospitality to Cardinal Svampa when
the King, on Sunday, went to Bo
logna. -The Government permitted the
people of France to- defend Italian
rights.
The Liberals and the extreme par
ties applauded and the galleries joined.
Republican Member Declares Pope's
Note to the Powers Was & De
claration of War.
Bitter Speeches When Vati
can's Protest, Against
Loubet Is Discussed.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BAR'
TON, WASHINGTON, May 30.—
According to advices received at
the State Department tO'day from
Mr. Gummere, United States Con'
sul General at Tangier, the situ>
ation as it affects the American
and British citizens captured by
bandits has grown more serious.
A message has been received at
Tangier from Raissouli, threatening
the lives of Perdicaris and Varley
unless the government of Morocco
pays ransom under the conditions
named by the bandits. The State
• Department made no new move in
the matter to*day, but is trusting to
American naval offiicers to relieve
the situation.
Italian Deputies At
tack the Papal
Secretary.
Raissouli Threatens to Put
His Captives to
Death.
DEL VAL'S.
COURSE IS
ASSAILED
PRISONERS
OF BRIG AND
IMPERILED
Bride of Two \U) f 0^^Mqi^mj : the t
Suicide of Baltimore's
IQuroki Reports Defeat of
Russian Force, by
i Japanese.
FIGHT ENDS
IN COSSACK
BAND'S ROUT
WIN VOTES
IN SUPPORT
OF PARKER
Cleveland's Inter
view Benefits
Jurist.
Tends to Unite Conservative
Democrats ol East
and South.
Massachusetts Will Swing to New
Yorker After Complimentary
Ballot for Olney.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, ' May 30.— The inter
view with former President Cleveland
declaring for Judge Parker attracted
general attention here to-day and ex
cited varied comment. There are some
prominent Democrats in the city, and
of the number here several declined to
talk for publication. Some of them fa
vor other candidates. than Judge Park
er, and see no merit in Cleveland's ad
vocacy .'of; his. nomination. Others are
still afraid to be placed in the' position
of commending anything Mr. Cleveland
may do or say.
.Representative La Mar of Florida
gild: "Mr. Cleveland is unpopular with
the great majority of Democrats in my
State, and, I think, unpopular with
Southern Democrats generally. Not
withstanding this, he has a large fol
lowing In the South, composed of busi
ness men and others, who either did
not support Bryan , or supported him
unwillingly. It would therefore seem
to I me Cleveland's strong indorsement
of \Parker's candidacy, will tend . to
strengthen th« sentiment In favor of
Parker will be the nominee' 'as "hs
choice of the Southern people, and that
Cleveland's attitude may tend to in
crease the harmony- which prevails
among the Democrats of that section."
Senator Culberson of Texas said Mr.
Cleveland's. advocacy of Parker would
probably help the -latter's candidacy
among the conservative Democrats of
the East.. ¦ : •
Former Representative Trigg of Vir
ginia said: "Mr. Cleveland's indorse
ment of Parker will have a far-reach
ing effect. It will, commend the Judge
to thoughtful men as a safe and con
servative candidate."
Republican comment was all expres
sive of the belief that throughout the
East Cleveland's advocacy of Judge
Parker would do the latter much good.
It is figured that Cleveland's position
will have the effect of throwing the
Massachusetts delegation to Parker
after it has given a complimentary vote
to Olney, and that it will carry much
weight in Connecticut, New Jersey,
New York and Ohio.
FARMER'S
LIFE SAVED
BY A CHILD
MAY END THE DEADLOCK.
Illinois Republican Convention Will
Reconvene To-Day.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., May 30. — The
Republican . State Convention, . after a
recess of eleven' days, will reconvene
to-morrow afternoon to resume bal
loting for a candidate for Governor.
The previous session covered more
than a week and fifty-eight futile bal
lots were taken, leaving the seven
aspirants for the nomination about
where they stood on the first ballot.
All headquarters have been re
opened and all the aspirants are pres
ent except Governor Yates, who will
arrive from Chicago to-morrow. It is
the prevailing opinion to-night that no
nomination will be made before
Wednesday. Many believe, however,
that, the deadlock will not be broken
before Friday. There is talk of a pro
posal) which was voted down before
the r recess * was taken, to suspend the
balloting for Governor and to nomi
nate the rest of the ticket, provided
the deadlock is not broken to-morrow.
This time it. Is proposed -to except
the. nomination for Lieutenant Gov
ernor,' leaving it to be . taken . up after
the candidate for Governor is named.
The plan is indorsed by the candidates
for the minor- offices.
/About the ; only, story afloat to-night
to : which any credence whatever is
given is that Yates and Lowden have
agreed to throw ¦ their delegates to a
third man. It is said that no third
man has yet been chosen. It Is de
clared to be a part of the compact
that Yates Is to go to the United States
Senate in v 1907 and that Lowden is
to be made Governor four years hence.
All knowledge of such a combination,
however, is denied by Yates' and Low
den's managers. . .
TOKIO, .May 30. — General Nakamura's detachment,
which occupied Liushutun on Friday, captured four Rus
sian guns.
CHEFU. May 31. — Junks with cocoons for the silk
mills are arriving from west of the Yalu River. This
indicates that with the passing of the armies the Chinese
have recommenced their regular occupations.
From a Manchuria merchant it has been learned that
the Japanese have ¦ ccupied the Maotienling Mountains.
100 miles northwest dl Fengwangcheng and directly east
of Liaoyang. There is only one pass through the range.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 51. — The reported defeat of
Cossacks at Aiyangpienmen was the only news and al
most the only topic of conversation in St. Petersburg
last night. No official dispatches were given out last
evening, but officers at military headquarters were re
luctant to accept the, Japanese dispatches. They think
.it^puegible - that the Japanese mtt Generar Mistchenkoti
command, which has recently been raiding in Korea. It
is formed of comparatively raw recruits. thou&Ii now
somewhat hardened bjr three months' campaigning. It
is conceivable that they might have been defeated, but
not Rennenkampf's forces patrolling the Alyang region,
who are veterans of that old command which accom
panied him on the famous ride through Manchuria.
These men are esteemed here as the hariie3t riders and
the most reckless fighters in the trans-Baikal army. Any
disaster to them would have a greater sentimental effect
than the reverse at Kinchou.
The War Office -has received the following dispatch
from General Kuropatkin, under to-day's date:
"I this morning received a report stating that the
Japanese advance on Kwantien has been begun "from
Saimatsza. The number of the enemy is not known."
BRIEF RESPITE.
LONDON, May 31. — The attack on Port Arthur, the.
Chronicle's Tokio correspondent telegraphs, is expected
to begin about Jur.e 15. Correspondents will leave To
kio on June 10, in time to see the capture, probably
about June 20. The correspondent also says 10,000 Rus
sians have been sent up the Liao River in junks to Tie
ling. ' ¦ ¦ s
The Post's Shanghai correspondent wires that several
Japanese transports are landing troops in East Korea,
The reports published in Paris of discord in the in
terview between General Kuropatkin and Viceroy Alex
ieff at Mukden and the southern movement of the Rus
sian vanguard below Wafengtien have given rise to ru
mors that General Kuropatkin has yielded to the wishes
of the Alexieff party and is attempting to relieve Port
Arthur. . -
According to correspondents at Japanese headquar
ters up to May 29 nothing important had developed be
yond outpost encounters. Japanese troops are largely
engaged in building roads and bridges. The Standard's
correspondent says that General Kuroki gave a luncheon
to foreign military attaches to celebrate the victory on the
Yalu, 'while almost simultaneously the Japanese first
army was informed of the Kinchou victory. The same
correspondent indicates the reason for delay in the op
erations. He says that the force that landed at Taku
shan appears to have struck the fringe of the rainy sea
son. The downpour has been very heavy.
KUROPATKIN'S WOES MULTIPLY.
General Kuropatkin, the Telegraph's St. Petersburg
correspondent says, is fighting two enemies — one at home,
the other in Manchuria. While his military reputation
is undergoing a terrible ordeal, he is also accused of fail
ure, as Minister of War, to make proper preparations for
war. The Emperor is alleged to be so dissatisfied that
he would dismiss both Alexieff and Kuropatkin were it
not that he fears the effect on public opinion. The gen
eral impression among the highest classes is that the
fall .of Port Arthur ought to mean the end of the war
and that if the Japanese should succeed in this aim Rus
sia's best interest would be to make peace: but nobody,
the correspondent avers, possesses the moral courage to
make such a suggestion to the Emperor.
The correspondent also asserts that an agreement Is
drafted whereby Germany promises armed support to
Russia, if necessary, to prevent England and the United
States attempting to submit the Far Eastern question to
an international congress and declares that the recent
relaxation of anti-Jewish laws by Russia is the outcome
of the desire of the Minister of the Interior to conciliate
American opinion.
A dispatch from Toklo to-day, after covering the
news previously contained in the dispatch detailing the
fighting on the Kwantung Peninsula, adds that the Jap
anese captured a quantity of powder and six railroad
cars at Liushutun.
The dispatch also says that the Japanese, after de
feating the Cossacks at Aiyangplenmen," northeast of
Fengwangcheng, occupied that place and reinforcements
were sent forward to support them.
SENDING MORE TROOPS TO MAINLAND.
-"WASHINGTON, May 30. — Advices received here re
port the departure from Japan of another division.
While its destination is not stated, it is conjectured that
these troops are about to close in the Russians' rear on
Northeast Korea, cutting off the raiding parties which
have threatened General KurokFs communications. There
are less than 15,000 soldiers in the expedition.
The reported offer of "Japan to China to surrender to
her* so much of Manchuria as already has been taken by
the Japanese troops is .viewed here with interest, because
of the possibility, if the offer i3 accepted by China, that
Russia will hold that' the Celestial empire has thereby
broken her pledged neutrality, thus affording ground for
an attack upon certain parts of Mongolia would t>e
of great strategic value in the war. >
x LIAOYANG, May 30. — The impression at headquar
ters is growing. that the main objective of the enemy is
Port Arthur and it would not be surprising if the actual
assault on that - fortress began within a fortnight. No
important movement <5f General Kuroki had been report
ed up to the time this dispatch was filed.
. CHEFU. May 30. — From Chinese sources it Is learned
that the Russians have four lines of defense between Nan
shan and Port Arthur.
- -^ war Xcws Continued on Page 2,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
R1.TZVILLE. WasWr May 30. — The
10-year-old daughter, of Heinrich ' Hein
richs saved 'her father from a horrible"
death yesterday. -, - . ..< The f ''!. unfortunate
man was being gored .by. an angry. bull
•when the 1 plucky, : little' girl, 'hearing her
father's cries of agony, ran to the scene,
picked up :a -pitchfork and,-; with jabs
and ¦< blows,; finally drove the : infuriated
animar away.* - ¦ : ~"~~\~ - .*- ,'¦¦¦-.
v -Helnrichs z~ is ; a - prominent ", farmer,
living "about two; miles from town. He
was attempting to lead the bull into the
barn when the animal suddenly . sprang
forward- with i lowered head, 'one of the
horns . piercing ? Heinrichs in : the - abdo
men. .- He *¦ f ell; ; but attempted to save
himself = from ; further ; in jury by < holding
ithe ; horns. at«' the v: same: time
shrieking ¦ as "- the \ maddened animal
trampled on himJ ; H
¦ / Heinrichs: is in a critical "¦ condition.
But for the timely assistance of his lit
tle * girl . he i would • have f been ' gored to
death,- :•;'•¦. .¦-/.¦, .. "¦¦ , ¦ //::i^
FOUR MEN, KILLED AXD
TWO HURT BY EXPLOSION*
Carelessness of Employes in Placing
a Blast Results in a Ter
rible Disaster.
KNOXVILLE, . Tenn., May 30.— Four
men 'were killed . and . two fatally in
jured in ' a ' dynamite explosion which
occurred near Warwick, on the Knox
ville, Lafollette ; and Jellico branch of,
the Louisville and Nashville ; Railroad.
The deadrjfflCTwgBEW— g
JAMES BIRCHELL AND. SON
JOHN. •
JOHN RUNLET.
HENRY McCALLJSTER.
AH residents of Campbell County,
Tennessee. '
The injured: : Hal Runley and George
Ridnour. i ' .-.-*.
•:The latter's eyes were blown out ami
the * bodies : of both were . lacerated by
stones. The; accident; was due to care
lessness of men at work in a rock cut.
They, had ' been \ ordered to lay some
blasts, ; and it ': was .while i they -were
tamping the- holes that \ tha explosion
POPULAR YOUNG
MAYOR ENDS LIFE
WITH BULLET
THE THEATI2S.
Alcaxar— "Toll Gate Inn."
California— "Janice MersdltU."
Central — "A Celebrated Case."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Tie Little Minis
ter."
'riMthfm — "Ti a H
Grand — "Gltmoada."
Orpheum — "Vaudeville. '
Tivoli— ."Tlie Toy Maker."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, V MAY. 3i; 1904.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 183.
The San Francisco Callii Hills 'i Bros.* .•;. Arabian Roast makes a
good breakfast " better.* < ' ' ¦ ' •¦' *
BROTHER . CHARGES IN3AN1TY. — Carl
Martlne'Ie. a bootbiiick living- at VM3 Sacra
mento street.' was arrested laM night and taken
to the Centrat Graergency 'Hospital upen-the
complaint ot his brother, who allege* that Carl
is Insane and threatened his life. A dirk 'wan
found In the prisoner's possession. - He has been
detained twice ¦ before . on insanity; char^ts.
AGED MAN'S THICiH FHACTURtoD.—Rob
ert Stevenson of -1457 Clay street. 70 •years of
•re, when leaving a religious meeting; at 1231
Pine street last nl<?ht turned. hl« leg upon the
stairway ; and fallftiff susUlned a fracture of
the right thigh;/- j" ;¦.-¦- ••- - > ; •
Many ' Prominent Americans ¦ Are In
cluded Among Those That Are
¦ ¦ /. Received.
.LONDON, May SO.— King Edward
held a . brilliant levee this morning.
Five Americans, including George Van
derbllt" and William Barclay Parsons,
United : States Canal Commissioner,
were presented. ? ' '
.; After the levee .the King received in
audience the Alake of Abokuta (Up
per Guinea). +-' picturesque West Afri
can potentate,T.who: had left his coun
try fcrr the: first time ,'iri v his life. The
British Government has agreed to buy
In all thd<"Alake'8 K - Lago» cotton fox
three '¦ years. . - • ;? ' • v j . ¦
KING EDWARD HOLDS
A BRILLIANT LEVEE
SACRAMENTO, \ May 30. — Memorial
day ceremonies here were marred by ; a
painful accident ca.us"ing~sefiou3 .Injury
to Major John Zittinger. commanding
the battalion " of N. • G. C. which es
corted the G. A. R.: to the cemetery.'- .
On, the return," -4whea , opposite < the-
State Capitol building, at 4:30 o'clock
Major: Zittinger was v in 'the, , act of
giving the ' command for the battalion
to > come from" column' of /fd-urs to
battalion front to pay, the .closing hon
ors to the. veterans as they passed. He
stepped : to. the left of the. column, : a
street "car, struck him, ; knocking him
down and^the, iron guard that runs
along 'the step on. the; side of the car
ground the ' flesh ¦ from * both legs below,
the. knees,; ; and he was painfully
crushed about; the hips. - The surgeons
say that no bones are broken.
Coinmandcr of 11 National Cuarrl Bat
. ' tollonllurt; by. a Car in
-Sncramcnto. "_¦'.
major suffers; injury ¦.-:
DURING 'AOEREJfOXY
TORONTO, Oht. r May 30.— On , receipt
of information triat Speyer &'Co. had
completed the pale of the . Consolidated
Lake Superior Company securities, the
Ontario Cabinet held a special meeting
at which an order was passed declar
ing that the provisions under which
the bonds of the Canadian Improve
ment Company to j the: amount of $2,
000,000;are to be guaranteed by'; the
Government' have been complied with.
.' In ' giving ! «up possession . of "Soo"
properties to the new company, Speyer
& Co/s manager also handed over $73,
000 n«t profits which had accrued from
the operation of the pulp mill and the
saw mill. .;. . . ,
It is expected here th'at the operation
of the ''.'Soo" properties will be begun
at once. ' , •;.-;•
Sale of the , Consolidated Lake Supe
rior Company Securities Is
Ratified.
OPERATION OF SOO
PROPERTIES IS ASSURED
fifty came from Watsonvllle in large
wagons and returned after the meeting
to-night. The officers are: C. G. Red
man, president, Watson ville ; C. E.
West, vice president, Soquel; Mrs.
George Otto, recording secretary, Santa
Cruz: William T. Day, treasurer, Santa
Cruz.
STRIKE RATHER THAN
PAINT COLOR ORDERED
Because the Dress Chosen by House
Owner Displeased the Painters
They Qnlt Work.
NEW YORK, May 30. — Painters em
ployed by a Paterson, N. J., contractor
to decorate the exterior of a wealthy
silk manufacturer's house in Athenia
have struck because the color scheme
chosen by the owner of the house did
not suit them.
The silk manufacturer ordered the
building dressed in white, with green
shutters. When this paint had been
laid on he told the men to make the
trimmings a bright yellow. They re
monstrated, but to no purpose. The
men asserted that such a combination
would ruin their employer's business
and declared a strike. It is said the
union will- support their action.
Christian Endeavorers 3Ieet.
SANTA CRUZ, May 80. x — Christian
Endeavorers from "all parts of .the
country are in attendance at the- con
vention now being held here. About
OLD GRAVES US SHASTA
; *vl . ARC TO BE OPENED
Sister Qf Bojs Wbo Died Many
Years Aeo Will Fulfill Mother's
Request.
REDDING, May SO. — Miss May C.
Gillooly of Carson City, Nev., arrived
in Redding to-day on a peculiar mis-
Fioru It is to exhume the bodies of
two brothers, aged 5 and 3 years re
spectively, who died of diphtheria in
1S67 in Shasta and were buried in the
Catholic cemeft-ry of that town. The
family later m©v*d to Carson City.
The mother had often expressed a
wish thfft she might be laid to rest
beside the T>odles of her sons or that
they be brought to her side in her
jcrave. About a year ago the mother
dropped dead while shopping in a
Car»n City store and was buried In
a cemetery of that town. The bodies
of the sons, buried nearly forty years
ago, are now to be taken and placed
beside that of the mother.
Voltaire's favorite classical author
ras Juvenal, the satirist.
CLEVELAND, May 30.— Elmer Dover
will leave Cleveland Wednesday mortr
ing for Chicago to superintend j the
transfer of the headquarters of tile
National Republican Committee from
Washington to Chicago. Dover wilt
remain In Chicago in charge of head
quarters until after the convention tbo
latter part of June.
Preparing Way for Convention*.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 30.—Car
ried three miles down the wild waters
of Euclatawa rai>ids on the keel of
his, upturned canoe was the exciting
ride of Rev. J. Kidd. He is a mission
ary to the coast logging camps. He
was making his way through the Eu
clatawa, which always is dangerous,
when his canoe struck the edge of a
whirlpool and capsized. ¦
Such was the force of the swirling
water that the clergymv» was thrown
twenty feet from the upturned craft-
The canoe was sucked into .the pool
but was suddenly swept out and Kidd
was able to clamber on the keel.
Then began his wild ride for .three
miles down the rapids in | the most
dangerous stretch ofthe Euclatawa.
Kid was thrown ashore opposite the
"White Frenchman"»" one of, the
most dangerous spots in the whole
distance. This is the first time a 'man
capsized in these rapids , has been
known. to come out alive.
Pp«clai Dispatch to The Call
Missionary Has a Thrilling
Experience in a Danger
ous River in the North
The people who witnessed the ac
cident declare there were i*enty peo
ple on. the bridge at the time of the
collapse. The river is about forty feet
wide at the point where the bridge
broke, about ten feet deep, and has a
very powerful current. The- stream
suddenly appeared to be filled with
struggling humanity and an indescrib
able scream of horror went up from
the crowd. Men with ropes and pul
leys went quickly to work clearing the
wreckage and saving lives. Others In
buggies and on horseback started
down the river, bent on the work of
rescue. They have since been patroll
ing the. stream for many miles below
the city searching for the missing
bodies. "A wire netting has been
stretched across the river at Wells
ville, six miles below Salida, in the
hope that the bodies will be swept into
It to-night.
A, report is in circulation' to-night
that^trie body of Mrs. Tomp&ins has
been seen lodged on a rock several
miles below ' the city, but ! this cannot
be verified. ' X : ., ¦
It will require several days' tlma
before it is definitely known how many
lives were lost. .¦¦,> \\." • .
SALIDA, Colo., May 30.— While the
Memorial day exercises were at their
height to-day and the veterans were
casting flowers on the waters of the
Arkansas' Rivtr in memory of the le
roio dead, four people were suddenly
plunged to death by the breaking of a
footbridge spanning the river at the
lower edge of Riverside Park. A num
ber of others were thrown into the
stream, several of whoin are missing.
The rest narrowly escaped with their
lives. The accident was witnessed by
a' thousand persons, who seemed pow
erless to render assistance. The known
dead:
MRS. CLARENCE A. TOMPKINS,
aged 35 years. . -¦
HAZEL LINES, aged 6 years.
ESTHER MORGAN, aged 8 years.
PEARL HOLLAND, aged 9 years.
Nora Anderson, aged 13 years, is
missing, and the body of a boy, whose
name has not been learned, was seen
itoating two miles down the river.
Footbridge at Salida, Colo
rado, Breaks and Occu
pants Plunge Into River
She waB stricken by pneumonia "five
days ago as. a result of long years of
charitable work. on the West Side, and
her ' daughter . was summoned to her
bedside from . her home In Los An
geles, Cal. Despite the efforts of phy
sicians to keep Dr. Park alive, she died
to-day. Her daughter, hurrying across
the continent to: her,- will not reach
here until Wednesday. .
NEW/YORK, May 30.— Children with
their eyes red from weeping and old
men and women with their heads
bowed in grief stood in front of the
home of Dr. Anna E. Parki an aged
philanthropist, at 367 • West Twenty
third street, this evening, and mourned
her death.
New York'9 Poor Mourn the Demise
of Dr. Anna 12. Park.
AGED PHILANTHROPIST DIES.
BERLIN, May 30.— The death is an
nounced of Grand Duke Friedrich Wil
helm of' Mecklenburg-Strelitz. The
Grand Duke was borri October 17, 1819.
NEUSTRELITZ, .Grand Duchy of
Mecklenburg-Strelitz, May 30.— Grand
Duke Friedrtch Wilhelm had been con
fined to his bed for many months suf
fering from an internal complication.
He suddenly became 'worse yesterday
afternoon and lost consciousness and
died half an hour after midnight:
The ceremony of taking the oath of
allegiance to the new Grand Duke by
the troops took place at 11 o'clock this
morning.
The camp Is situated away from tel
egraph communication and meager dp
tails can be learned. In the neighbor
hood of 150 men are employed there.
It marks the beginning of the immense
Irrigation work now being done in Ne
vada by the Government. In "excavat
ing for ditches and reservoirs heavy
blasts are used to loosen the rock and
earth. Twice each day these blasts,
several in number, are set off.
This morning the usual order was
followed. One of the fuses, however,
proved quick and before the laborers
could get out of harm's way it reached
the charge of dynamite and the explo
sion followed. News from the camp
states that the unfortunate fellow was
instantly killed. Othfer employes, it is
stated, suffered slight injuries.
RENO, Nev., May 30.— The prematura
explosion of a blast at Camp Four,
about thirty miles east of Reno, thi3
morning cost the life of at least on >
man. The Coroner to-night received
word that the accident had happened
and left Immediately for the scene.
Speelal Dispatch to The Call.
The personnel of the party was. as
follows: Dr. D. C. Barber, wife and
sen; Allen Wlnfleld Scott, wife and two
children; J. K. Wilson and wife; W. R.
Hubbard, wife - and child; Mr. Rode
busch and wife. W. F. Yates of San
Francisco and Miss Loomis of Santa
Barbara.
The accident occurred as the vehicle
was descending a grade west of tha
river and was caused by the breaking
of several bolts connecting the body
with the running gear. A rear spring
also snapped, and as the brakes re
fused to work* there remained nothing
for the driver to do but to urge his
horses forward. When a slight curve
was encountered the four-seated body
suddenly left the rutnlng-gear, throw
ing all of the occupants into the ravine,
several of them becoming entangled in
a barbed wire fence. The horses con-
LOS ANGELESv May 30.— A tally-ho
containfrig A party of picnickers
chaperoned by Dr. and Mrs. D. C.
Barber was overturned on the Ca
huenga Pass road, abbut three miles
from Hollywood to-day, and three
members of the ' party 'were seriously
injured. The body of the wagon was
thrown from the, ; running-gear and'
dashed. into a ravine, piling the occu
pants in an Indiscriminate mass. The
most seriously injured were:
Alexander Miller, driver, internally;
may die. -
Dr. D. C. Barber, superintendent of
the 'County Hospital, two ribs broken
and bruised.
Mrs. Barber, ankle fractured.
Mrs. J. K. Wilson, ankle sprained and
bruised. .
W. F. Yates, leg wrenched and
bruised.
Special Dlap&tctv to The Call
FIVE PEOPLE
FALL TO DEATH
RIDES RAPIDS
ON CANOE KEEL
GRAND DUKE
FRIEDRICH
GONE TO REST
Tally-Ho Overturned on the
Cahuengft Pass Koad- and
Occupants Are Injured
One Life Ts Lost and a
Number of Workmen Ara
Injured in a Nevada Camp
Tokio Government .Unwilling to Re
ceive Any Overtures.
ST. LOUIS, May 30. — Kogoro Tak
ashira, Minister Plenipotentiary and
JAPAN WANTS NO MEDIATION.
DISASTER ENDS
A PICNIC RIDE
DYNAMITE
CAUSES DEATH
BERLIN, May 30. — The Asien, the
organ of the German Asiatic Society,
says Emperor William has sent to
General Kuropatkin, through Major
Runkel, who went to Manchuria as
German military attache with the
Russian army, a long autograph let
ter.' . .
Kaiser Writes to KtiropHtkln.
BERLIN, May 30. — The corres
pondent of the Lokal Anzeiger at St.
Petersburg telegraphs that Admiral
Prince Ouktomsky, who, it was re
ported, had been hanged for treason
at Port Arthur, is really now in St
Petersburg. He was recalled, suffer
ing from nervous strain. The ! corre
spondent says that the report connect
ing Prince Ouktomsky with treason
is untrue.
Ouktomsky .Not a Traitor.
st. Petersburg; May 30. — The
Foreign Office to-day denounced as
absurd the announcement made by the
-Tientsin correspondent of the Daily
Press of London that the Russian Min
ister at Peking, Lessor, had Informed
the Chinese Government that Russia
would finally evacuate Newchwang
provided <U)ina granted a concession
for a railroad^ across Chinese Mongolia
and that Russia would evacuate Man
churia outright if China leased the
111 or Kooldja territory to Russia.
In diplomatic circles the report is
regarded as ridiculous. It is pointed
out that Rus3ia already owns the
greater part of the Hi territory and
that three-fourths of the course of the
~ ? .
NOT DEALING WITH CHINA V
Russia Denounces Report of Proposal
to Abandon Manchuria.
Russian Report Soys Only Old Chl
- nese Guns Were Lost at KlnchOu.
ST.' PETERSBURG, May 30.— A
semi-official, telegram from Mukden,
dated 'to-day, says:
"Owing "to the impossibility of de
fending the position southward of Kin
chou without the aid of the fleet, the
Russian defense at that point was only
of- a demonstrative character. The
defending force was armed with guns
taken from the Chinese in 1900 and
had. little ammunition. The occupa
tion of the position by the Japanese at
a great cost to themselves does not
alter the situation."
MINIMIZES- THE DEFEAT.
It was suggested that there had «al
ready< been made representations, of
mediation by. friendly powers and es
pecially by this Government. '¦ - - '•
VWar,'4 her said, "is like trying <-a
case before the Supreme Court. Japan
and -Russia .are? now in the midst of
this contest.., They are trying to make
out the best "case possible, because,
after all, 'the 'final question must "be
left to the will. of God. I have heard
much talk about arbitration andmed
iation — In the newspapers. I . have
never heard anything of it officially,
either from the American Government
or any other. I do not believe Japan
will at this time be willing to receive
any overtures." -
Envoy Extraordinary of the Japanese
Government to the United States, ar
rived in. St. Louis to-night.
:. "The people of Japan, as well , as
its rulers." believe: that we are fight
ing for the : integrity and existence of
our nation," said the Embassador, In
reply to a question. "That belief is
as firmly planted In the heart of the
private soldier ' as in the highest of
ttciai and it may be that that alone
has done much for the success of our
arms." ¦ ¦ , " . ' .
General Kuroki's Movements Westward of the Yalu River Merely
/ a Feint to Keep Kuropatkin Occupied While Reinforce
ments Are Being.. Hurried to the Army on Liaotung Peninsua
V, The dispatch also says that the Jap
anese,, after defeating the Cossacks at
Aiyangpienmen, northeast of Feng
wangcheng. occupied that place and
reinforcements were sent forward to
support them.
LONDON, May 30.—^A dfspatch
from v Tokio to-day, after covering the
news previously contained in the dis
patch detailing the fighting on the
Kwantung Peninsula, adds that the
Japanese captured a - quantity, of
powder and six railroad cars at Liu
ehutun.
at I.inshuttui.
Japanese Also Tnke Six Railroad Cars
«
CAPTURE STORE OP. POWDER.
MUKDEN, May : 30.— Lieutenant
McCully, U. S. N., recently | attache at
Tokio, but ordered to - observe : thft
Russian fleet operations, is insida the
Russian' lin^s at Port Arthur. Tho
other attaches were recently at Liao
yang. Their, present whereabouts is
not ascertainablerhere."
As farsas can be judge-1 from the
grouping of the enemy's forces, his
attention is directed 'principally
against Port -Arthur. It is possible
that part of the whole of the Second
Japanese army may- be sent thitl.'er.
United States >>'aval x Attache Is Now
at Port' Arthur.'.*
WITUIX THE RUSSIAN LINES,
river, which empties into Lake Bc.l
kash, flows through Russtan territory.
The -upper waters of the Hi are of no
commercial or strategical importance
and the only real value of such an
agreement to Russia would be the ac
qutaition of a portion of Chinese Cen
tral Asia comprising Kaspknra and
Yarkarand. . It is impossible to sup
pose that Russia, while the war is pro
ceeding, ia making offers to exchange
Manchuria for this region. V '." ;*
A naval attache of a great power,de
clares that his Government is in pos
session of the best information to the
effect that the Japanese used "driv
ing 1 ' mines, bunching them to drift be
low the surface, thus causing the loss
of the Russian battleship Petropavlosk.
The Eirtperor received the following
dispatch from General Kuropatkin un
der yesterday's date:
. "A detachment of Japanese cavalry
consisting of 150 sabers, moved forward
from the main body on May 27 and ap
proached within eight kilometers
southeast of Wafanghoon station, but
on encountering our frontier guards
fell back rapidly."
ST. PETERSBURG, May 30.—Ac
cording to information received from a
high source, Important news regarding
the Japanese plan of campaign which
has reached the Russian . authorties
since the battle of Klnchou ; compels
the conviction that the advance of
General Kyroki and the activity of his
scouts northwest and southwest of
Fengwangcheng are parts of a well
executed feint to prevent General Ku
ropatkin detaching a strong force to
hamper General Oku's operations on
the Liaotung Peninsula. Under cover
of General Kurokl's screens, it is add-,
ed, a part of the Japanese army land
ed at Takushan will be moved south
ward into the peninsula, while Kuroki
attempts to make Kuropatkin believe
that he intends to force a decisive en
gagement with him. This information
would tend to prove 'that the primary
object of the Japanese campaign all
along has been Port Arthur, and/ once
that fortress Is in their hands, unless
an exceedingly favorable opportunity
offers to attack Kuropatkin, the Japan
ese plan Is simply to make their tenure
secure and force the Russian ! com
mander to assume the offensive. More
over, there is information to the effect
that the Japanese propose to storm
Port Arthur with the least possible de
lay, after having flrst closed the har
bor to render the egress of the Russian
ships impossible at tije last moment,
thus forcing the Russians to destroy
them without subjecting the Japanese
to the inevitable losses which would Oc
cur if the Russian squadron got out for
a last fight before going to the bottom.
The Admiralty denies the reports of
the loss of two Russian torpedo-boat
destroyers while .laying, the mines
which destroyed the Japanese battle
ship Hatsuse. The officials say Port
Arthur has been heard from since the
Hatsuse was blown up and if the re
ported loss of the torpedo-boat destroy
ers were true they would have known it.
JAPANESE CENTERING ALL EFFORTS
UPON THE CAPTURE OF PORT ARTHUR
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALt, TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1904.
tinued to run, but were finally caujht
near the river. One of them was badly
injured. -- "4: 1
2
s ¦¦¦¦¦¦ i 1 1*^ V j 1 ¦•¦¦-" r^ iv : " :
IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA BflRBARfl.
plai)— From May I, 1904, to January 1, 1905: ' , / > >
One person occuping roon>,!witbout bath, $2.50 to $3:50; with bath, $3.50 to $5.00
SVlM&CXBisLi^tlBVMfBAIdMtaflm^HIRi. . - - _ v-^^SIi^^BajSMtfvaBbiaflMflHisttflKABHEiSisfeHfltts^slAfli^BHIs^ksVftBflBlCHIr^^KSfid-','' . - _-.¦-"--- *4
ADVEETisjaMmrraL
FREE TO MEN !
(&&. And Women, Tool I
vV,-. V-, Z*u /j£J&& Do yoa want to be a bly. husky man. v<
1^°/ lfZ-1 VZjB with vim and power In your every action. 3
*&*•/ *13>55'&a wlt& courage, self-confldence and ambl- w
__^5 »^^L l «- Aw tlon to "do thtnfsf* ? Do you want to git g
/]/ I j~&\ \N_ \*Jxgi rIJ ot that *«el l n* ot fJoom. that wpak- g
&JC I V^il 'l*^xC3&& ¦ 4&> n«s« in your back, that nervous, worn- «
/^gS^Vj. • I I f t *&*z*z8^5zfa f . out teeUnz which unfltj you for business g
l\^sSffl'W^ ll -J«fcl! E^fT t*° y° u want to feel l!k» a man all S
V'lW'Sl • ><»V iM over, to hold up your head with th» &
Urn* 4§%ttYiR£)( X bM knowledge that you are the man that na- j£
S*Pff : VOG?tG? lW2 ture meant you to b«T A
3o3h : Rfife7>^* i V/«k, MlB I know that no man remains * weak- g
Siw : ' linir because h« want j to. I am Bur» o
I *^yJSPvfy, XzL** i&& that y° u want"to overcdms «r»ry indica- g
XXlEn"*^/!^^™ t Jjt*-&>&? tlon oi early decay that has shown Itself g
V HMrrMW^»*i K^\v£& on you. I don't think the man lives who w
.^^~\ QtltCnilC 6a$ x * would not like to feel a» blr and strons 3
f ' ' liyywfTi'i'i .TW > as a Bandow, and ' I know - that It you «
¦ - ..-....•. have a reasonable foundation to build rt
uoon I can mak« you. a bigger man than you ever hoped to b«. I want you <i*>
to know that, you who can't believe it, and I want you to have my book g
in which I describe how I learned that strength was only electricity, and 15
how I learned to restore it; also I want to tell you tha names of >ome men g
who will tell you that when they came to m» they were physical wrecks. Q
and are now amon? the finest specimens ot physical manhood. . ¦ —
I can do Just as much for women as for men. I have thousands of let* Q
t era from grateful women, who had spent years and money trying; to g-et fij
relief from* drug*, and wbo came to me as a last resort and are cured now. Q
Why shluld. you be suffering S
when you know that your friends v\\Ii/ tlr/// 'H
and neighbors are belnj cured? , _ 2
Why, the money you spend for "S^TJT'^^^ 2
drugrs in a few months, if Invested tjXWHWTOa-Cl u BWtti\ M
in my treatment, will assure you fij$WWIw}ifiK^J^^ g
fo < r n this°book e w S lth the proof that 1 iPStiS^r—^^^^W^^^TtiSi^H
can tive you. and you will be con- '^^^sfw^J^^to-j^S^S^yt'a^) S
Don't wait a minute. Bend for §
this book now. If you will inclose $'¦
this ad. I will send it sealed, free. v^/7WX?Ni^ £:
and. will give you. the names of *W\%\> V . C
your own neishbors who are cured. . • J;
I will tell - you whether J can cure yqu or not, it you wM tell me your c
troubles. - Call, if possible, for free consultation.-- S
pp.M.CMcLaughlin^^K^- |
PBAGEBS. .
f
There WiU Be
Something Doing at*
' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '
P-'--D'nn't. Miss It,
Specials for This Day that, Will Be
the Talk Among Shoppers
, : : — - — ; — —= — ¦ •
Four departments are represented in this ad, and each
department has put forth its choicest lines as a wind-up to
a phenomenal May business.
SHIRT WAISTS. VEILINGS.
88c— About 1500 new sum- 1Bc a yar d_Fancy mesh.veil-
mer shirt waists, including i Ags; tuxedo, wire, shadow and
q m u^ P '&SS crossbar effects; plain and dot-
- and others. They are in a big ted. Come 111 black white and
assortment of styles. Also gray; all 18 inches wide. Worth
some beautiful lace inserted 25c, 35c and 50c a yard.
and tucked styles and fancy . itActp-tjv
striped and polka dot effects. HOSlfc-KY.
Worth from $1.45 up to $1.95. 25c a pair — Women's black lisle
SILK WAISTS. hosiery; fancy drop stitch to
fS.45 — 200 pretty China silk imitate lace, Hermsdorf dye
waists; beautifully tucked and and double heels i and toes.
lace inserted. There arc two Wnrrh «c
different styles to choose from. * >u " •"
Worth $400. UNDERVESTS.
SILK PETTICOATS. i^ e each— Women's summer
?1 1.05— One hundred sample undervests, made of soft cot-
silk petticoats, every one a dif- hi h neck and s i ee veless.
&3 "««ifu. T co e .U r o c n Ih o e f r«*~* f ¦ .t* v« ,'- r
styles and colors ever shown. P«nk, blue and white. Regular
Repclar price $25.00. 25c values. .
HUCK TOWELS. CREAM DRESS GOODS.
sizje. 18 by 40 inches. Worth paca; just the material for out-
12JSC. ing wear.
TABLE DAMASK.
23c a yard — A choice assort- 49c a vard — 36-inch cream mel-
rncnt of patterns in bleached rose; a washable goods in wool
. table damask. 58 inches wide. which possesses durability.
. 35CRrade. . , . ¦ r m ...-.
"¦ CASHMERES. 7»"»c a yard — 40-inch fancy cream
9A a* yard— About 75 pieces of Bedford cord for children's
suits. Regular J5C values. not shrink. .'1 . ...
% AIAVA3TS RELIABLE
1238- 1250 MARKET ST^
AJ3VE3.TXSJEHENT3.
PBsBaBBBBHBBBH<ll9BBBBBaa BBBBBBBBBBSBBBBBBBBBBBB
S 818-820 Market St. San Francisco |
1 T0-M0RR0W FREE u.s. postage stamps FREE I
a WEDNfiSD ,Y trse on all n
m IS '»liR PUSCMAStS IN OUR STATIONERY B
1 DOUBLE DAY FREE T, A^tTiTer Bare FREE 8
h n ~~~- ¦
B y'-T VEIIiIHG. .. ¦ PATTEBK ViUZiS. Q
E3 Maline or Xllaslon, all shades of v v.o. a* v.t-snnM All ths 5
0 }?r rte^ ™ lin *- R<? 9 u!ar pr i ce F °preuVst7le : s tot plain* P »"nd fancy! g
H 12%c. special ,c with pretty bordersu Regular S
ts > LACES. y value 75c; special 25O <
H Oriental Laces. Just arrived by ex- ™
•a press. A beautiful line of im- SCARrS. ZL
S ported Laces for Dress Sleeves, App u an# Bureau Scarfs. All sizes 5
| etc. Regular value 35c; spec al. regu- ¦
g per yard -JOc lar value; small sixes lOc g
h ladles' Whlta Laws Aprons. Regu- J^^ =AIlT «WC1!. _ Q
| lar price 35c; special 2Oc Wash Stocks »C ¦
Ri 810.00 TBTXSKS, $«.J),">. Beautiful line of ITeciwear. Always g
M «-— . 3F^^s* • " r La r S e can " sold for 18c « while they last..8c g
5 flat-top°run1t.' ' BUr»lOX»A.TOB SPSCZAI.. a
S r*^^*-*r*T — '*" Lj H subdivided, _ -, Hard wood. 53
S 'S^I ¦! A~?lrfS *«" covered. 'V ' / T n »J * h e , d , ta ¦
5 top tray, with , C3 ; n \ golden oak. In- •- B
¦ i^lOJ^&a hit box; ex- ttUJWUaw-vl I elated with 5
E Ovfe^^b^ tra skirt tray, prf^VijR£, U\ charcoal g
¦ -vffl^E-*— *"^ brassed trim- — — 3 » « »*»». »»?? E
H •* . mings, Excel*- ¦ — r. J 1Ine ? with gal- ¦
¦ sior lock, large bolts. extra »_- -—- fl vanized iron. B
ra heavy bumpers, solid oak «lata (^ br i as " , t I,, 1^" S
1 and two heavy straps. On sale |g| M [} Tn^ 3 ' m e" a i g
a »o.J.> r|3| |«| shelves, swing ¦
n 3AI.E OF HAMMOCKS. KSJ f£l j J base board, E
g 11 • ' "¦ - V. Fine open- r - " ? patent auto- ™
¦m ¦ ' mt**1\ weave Colored I ~ it matlc drip *
B H sum-mLgaarC 1 Cotton Bam- S^Ujgpj^ - V cup. embossed \
-4 ' raocX, 36x72. It ""^ {*- pahe l s . patent B
m tSmzttP' ii with double ™- ball - bearing E3
E3 "¦¦" spreaders. On castors, patented lid stop. ' pure B
Si sale > 7Zic dry air. removable flue, capa- fA
H Strong Excelsior weave, full colored city 50 lba. Ice. weight 100 pounds, n
g Hunmock, with pillow and deep 25 in. wide. 16 in. depth. 39tt in. a
m fringe valance. Regular 11.50; on high. Sold everywhere for $12.50. =
n sale SI. 15 Our very, special price 88.5O E
= Extra large Haazaook, 40x84. same ;.-,~., « w . U t-t - •" ' 2
B as above. Regular $2.25; on sale BIUX2 E3TAMEI. fl|
¦ ... 81.<{.*> X.lpp«d Kettles, a dainty blue, first a
Q| Elegant Capitol weave colored Ham- quality enamel: . .- *¦
23 moci,. 40x84. large tufted pillow." gj ze Reg. Special. B
g drep fringe, spreader, head and No 16 35c 24c ¦ ¦
m~ foot bars. Regular $3.25; on sale No! 18 45c JtfJe H
a "••••: «2.!i."» No. 20 55c 41c a
J" Several styles of choice. Colored k o 23.~. «0c 40c m
«j Hammocks, in Athenian and Mar- Xo 24 70c f»7c «
a S ell iT s .P, atterns \, lth wld<> , lay " No! 26 ." . .' 80c «Oc 2
sa back pillows and 'fluted valance; 1 fj o 28 90c 74c a
¦ real beauties. Regular $4.00 to No 20" $100 Sr»o B
D . $5.00; on sale..»3.OO to»3.73 ' «L™ *
g CROQUET SETS. WHOT CTUOL «XHB U
™ A complete assortment of lawn .BOW.LS, a
" Croquet, in 4, 6, 8 ball sets, nicely 5 In. deep. 14 in. across top, 1» In. E
B boxed, from 7~»v to $10.00 across bottom, first grade enamel. ¦
H Full description and various Sold everywhere for 75c each, Q
B prices on application. Our special price 40c ¦
53 — u
» KNIVES, BAZ0U3 ASTO SHEARS QBOTJND AH3 KEPAIBED. tf
g PICTTJKE FRAMES OF ALL DESCBXFTZOSS MASS TO 0X9SB. g
¦ BBBBBBBBB^BBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaTATT IS TOPKKA'S GUEST.
War Chief In Address Denounces His
toric Kansaw-Xebraska Bill. .
TOPEKA, Kans., May 30.— Decoration
day exercises formed the opening of
the Kansas semi-centennial celebratiorv
here to-day. Secretary of War Taft
was the gruest of honor. He made an
address this afternoon in the Audi
torium.
The soldiers' graves in the several
cemeteries of the city were decorated
this morning under the direction of
the Grand Army posts and department
officers of Kansas. The parade in the
afternoon was given in honor of the
Secretary of War. Its feature was the
appearance of two troops of the Fourth
United States Cavalry and Twenty
ninth Field Artillery from Fort Leaven
worth, under 'command of Major C. H.
Murray.
The afternoon exercises were held
in the Auditorium. Governor Bailey
spoke, after which came an address by
Secretary Taft. He said in part:
• ','It would be difficult to select a day
and date more important and signifi
cant, both from a local and a national
standpoint, than the day which we cel
ebrate here,. It is fifty years to a day
since President Pierce signed the Kan-
statue of Pin^rec Unveiled.
DETROIT. Mich.. May SO. — A fea
ture, of the Memorial day exercises
h*re to-day was the unveiling of a
statue of former Governor Pingree in
Grand Circus Park-
"WASHINGTON, May 30.— Admiral
"Walker In the presence of other mem
bers of the commission to-day said that
the • contract of the Panama Railway
with the Pacific TUail will not be can
celed during the life of the contract;
that it could not be canceled any, way
except under provisions contained in
the contract. The Panama Railway does
not and will not belong to the I?nited
States, but the United States is a ma
jority stockholder. The instruction of
the^ President to the commission Is to
cancel all contracts that are found to
be against good public policy.
Admiral Walker Says Asreement With
the Panama Railuny Cannot
Be Canceled.
CONTRACT WITH PACIFIC.
MAIL WILL STAND
SALT LAKE. May 30.— The 5-year
old son of "Mrs. C. W. Wo'rthen waa
killed and the mother and two other
children severely bruised vtn a grade
crossing accident here to-day.
Mrs. Worthen and her three child
dren were driving in a buggy from the
cemetery, where they had been deco
rating graves. In attempting to cross
the street car tracks the buggy was
struck by a trolley car. The buggy waa
overturned and the occupants thrown
to the ground in front of the car. Alon
zo. the 5-year-old child, was dragged
under the car. One arm was cut off
and his skull was fractured. The rrjoth
er and the other two children were
bruised, but not seriously hurt. A pas
senger on the trolley car was slightly
cut by broken glass.
One U Killed-.
3Iother and Children Retornlnr From
Cemetery Are Struck and Little
STREETCAR ACCIDENT
• -' HAS TRAGIC RESULTS
CITY OF .MEXICO. May SO.— Th»
local 'Grand Army post deccrrated the
graves of the American soldiers of the
Mexican war who are buried in the
United States Government cemetery
here and also other soldiers' graves.
The post then marched to Chapultepec
and placed wreaths on the monument
to the young cadets who died defend
ing the castle against American troops.
Honor Veteran.* In , Mexico.
G. N. King, freight trainmaster at
the Mott Haven yards of the New
York', New Haven and Hartford Rail
road, said that the freight embargo
at the point has been completely
raised and even the order by which
perishable freight had been sent by
way of the Poughkeepsie bridge has
been withdrawn. He says a full com
plement or men is at work.
NEW TORK\ May 30. — Practically
all work at the piers and docks af
fected by the strike of freight hand
lers was suspended to-day as a^xesult
of the holiday. *
SAYS STRIKE IS BROKEN.
ANNAPOLIS. Md., May 30.— The an
nual exercises before the board of vis
itors of the naval* academy began to
day. In the afternoon at dress parade
the presentation of colors for general
efficiency during the past year was
made. The second company was the
winner of the colors.
Color Presentation at Annni>olis.
GREENVILLE. Pa., May 20.— The
United Presbyterian^ General Assembly
to-day discussed the question of union
with the associate Reformed Presby
terian churches of the South. After
proposed resolutions were hopelessly
entar.f led with amendments th? ques
tion of basis of union was recommitted
to a committee.
Question of Union Xot Settled.
CHICAGO, May 30.— In spite of de
cidedly' uncomfortable weather, . the
ceremonies in' which Chicago honored
its dead .heroes-of 'the Civil War were
carried out faithfully; to-day. :
< The morning hours were t set apart
for, the decoration of /graves by the
posts of veterans, aided by their wives
and ; daughters." . This . was followed . by
the annual parade.; /As a .tribute .to
the' sailors and soldiers who died ; 'or»
the sea; the survivors of the posts of
naval •veterans » marched to the edge
of; the; lake. at' Grant Park'and amid
auspicious ceremonies strewed flowers
upon ¦ the waters."
STREW -FLOWERS UPON LAKE.
..Flowers for McKlnley's Tomb.
CANTON. Ohio. May SO.— Floral of
ferings from widely separated portions
of tWe country were received by Mrs.
AlcKinley to-day to be placed on the
tomb of hejr husband. Among ' those
who sent memorials were President and
Mrs. Roosevelt, the President sending
a Jarge wreath of various white flow
crE. and Mrs. . Roosevelt a beautiful
1,-ouquet of American Beauty roses.
Ijafayette's Grave Decorated.
HlXRIS. May SO. — Memorial day ex
ercises were held this afternoon at
PJcpus Cemetery, where the tomb of
Lafayette was decorated with flags
and Cowers. ,':^—
Miners Decorate Grave of Rev. Reed
DENVER, May 30. — The Western
Federation of Miners' convention
omtttee- business sessions to-day and
';he delegates visited the Fairmjunt
Cenjetery, where they strewed flowers
upon the grave of Rev. Myron Reed,
who championed the cause of the
Olpple Creek strikers in 1894. An
oration 'was delivered by John M.
O'Neill, editor of the Miner's Maga
zine. ' ' •-- —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
YOUNTV1LLE, May 30.— Memorial
day was appropriately observed at the
Veterans' Home at Yountville. Unity
Post No. 171, Grand Army of the Re
public, had the exercises in charge. At
2 o'clock the members of the home as
sembled on the parade ground, formed
In line and marched' to the cemetery,
the Veterans' Home band playing a
funeral march. • - ','
Th»i literary exercises were held at
8 o'clock at Assembly hall. A short
address bv ;Post Commander P. G.
Gesford opened, the exercises. Appro
priate selections were played by the
Veterans' Home orchestra. Lincoln's
Gettysburg address \va« read bv Miss
Pearl Edgman. The singing of Miss
Elizabeth Price of St. Dominic's
Church was superb and deeply affected
her hearers. The Hon. W. S. Killings
worth of Solano County, the orator of
the dav, spoke eloquently.
After mentioning that it was a sin
guh-.r and significant fact that mem
bers of the Veterans' Home should se
lect the son of a dead Confederate sol
dier to eulogize the Federal dead, he
added:
¦ But I can assure you that the blood that
flows through my veins is pumped by a heart
that is as loyal to the Stars and Stripes as
that of any man that walks God's green foot
stool. Time has furled the battle flags and
smelted the hostile guns. Let the silver
trumpet sound the Jubilee of peace. Let the
veteran shout who wore the .blue. Let. him
kiss the silken folds of the gorgeous ensign of
the <n public and fling it to the breeze and sing
the National Hymn, a privilege he has the
constitutional and victorious right to perform.
On that ¦ memorable morning In April. 1865.
at Appomattox. when General I<?e surrendered
all save honor, the great and generous eol
dler. General U. S. Grant, gave back to Lee
1:1s swjrd. -.It said to the ragged, footsore
Ton federate soldiers. "You are my brothers."
Art time passed Into hlstcry and the smoke of
t.ittl" had vanished and brotherly feeling had
supplanted that of bitterness.' we have a fur
ther and more lasting evidence of Northern
sincerity when that soldier, statesman and
Christian' gentleman. William McKinley. the
martyred ruler of our grand republic, on awak
enlng to the cocditiens of war that confronted
him with his flr.<% commission, placed the lead
ers' sword in the hands of those gallant Con
federate commanders. Generals Wheeler and
Fitzhugh Lee. He wrote between the lines ia
living letters the everlasting words, "There is
but one people of this Union, one flag alone
for all."
GARDEX CITY CEREMONY.
SAN JOSE, May 30.— The soldier dead
were fittingly honored here to-day by
the Grand Army and its auxiliary or
ganizations and the citizens generally.
Business was suspended and flags were
at half-mast all over the city.
The Memorial day exercises began at
9 o'clock this morning, when the John
A. Dix and Phil Sheridan posts. G. A.
R.; Sons of Veterans, Spanish War
Veterans, Ladies of the G. A. R. and
the Dix and Sheridan Woman's Relief
Corps met, ,at. ,the headquarters in
Hale's Hall. - Parties were nent to Oak
Hill and Calvary cemeteries and the
Santa Clara "t Cemetery, where the
graves of the veterans were decorated.
At ; noon a dinner was served by the
relief corps.
This afternoon at 2 o'clock a parade
was held. It consisted of the Fifth
Regiment band; Company B; N. G. C;
Phil Sheridan Post, G. A. R.; John A.
Dix Post. G. A. R.; Phil Sheridan
Woman's Relief Corps, /John A. Dlx
Woman's Relief Corps; Anna Ella Car
roll Circle. Ladies of the G. A. R.;
school children chorus, Sons of Veter
ans. Daughters of Veterans, Spanish
War Volunteers, Junior Order of Amer
ican Mechanics and citizens In car
riages. The line. of march was through
the principal streets and then to the
cemeteries by cars. •
At Oak Hill Cemetery the draves in
the G. A. R. plat were decorated by
the chorus of school children. A quar
tet rendered music. Commander Moore
Briggs delivered an introductory ad
dress, and -Adjutant S. F, Schwartz
read Lincoln's Gettysburg address. The
memorial services of the G. AV R. t
Woman's Relief Corps. Sons of Veter
ans and Ladles of the G. A. R. were
presented.
CONFEDERATES IX LINTEL
SALINAS, May 30.— Memorial day
was appropriately observed here to
day by Stedman Post No." 56. There
was a parade in which Troop C of the
National Guard, the Red Cross Society.
Woman's Relief Corps and the local
post took part. At the cemetery forty
four graves were 'decorated. Among
those who paraded were several Con
federate veterans, who vied with post
members in, decorating the graves of
former, foes.
SANTA CRUZ. May 30.— This morn
ing there was a procession and literary
exercises at the Armory. The. pro
gramme included: Reading of national
and department orders, Hon. Lucas F.
Smith; Lincoln's address at Gettys
burg, Miss Vera Buckman:> prayer,
Rev. F. K. Baker; address. Colonel W.
V. Lucas.
STOCKTON*. May 30.— A Quiet day
and the usual programme, with, some
interesting features added* thereto,
marked the observance of Memorial day
in Stockton. The business community
generally recognized the day by closed
doors. The parade under. the auspices
of the Grand Army. was participated in
by; fraternal orders and ¦ several hun
dred school * children. The cemeteries
were filled with people and there was
an unusual abundance of flowers. The
oration- at <; the cemetery was delivered
by the Hon. James A. Louttit ' ¦
¦ SANTA_ROSA, May 30.— Ellsworth
Post, G. ;A".: R.;* Ellsworth ¦ Circle. G.
A. R., and the -Woman's Relief Corps
of ¦- this ; city celebrated Memorial day
with appropriate ceremonies. Judge
James W. Oates was chairman of the
day and Attorney Clarence F. Lea was
the orator.. Colonel Louis W. Juilliard
was grand marshal of the parade, with
Major; Charles ~E. Haven as his prin
cipal aid. ;¦".--¦
LOS ANGELES. May 30.— Decoration
day was observed at Los ~ Angeles and
surrounding , towns with appropriate
rere monies. :-\ In Los Angeles the sol
diers' graves were decorated bv . mem
bers of the G. A. R. and Ladies' auxil
iaries. I In i the afternoon following the
parade memorial services were held in
Simpson Auditorium. •_
. " WASHINGTON, May SO. — TVith a
•dgwn overshadowed with threatening
clotfds, Washington's patriotic citizens
turned out to-day to participate in
ilemorial day exercises in the various
. rational cemeteries.
Of chief interest were the exercises
at Arlington Cemetery. This marble
•fctudded place upon ; the Virginia Hill
overlooking the Potomac River and
, Washington was transformed from
. it's *road white expanse to a field of
. black with visitors who reverently
placed their tributes of flowers on the
jfrAves. Seldom has there been a year
wh«a, \sy reason of a belated spring.
• siren a profusion of flowers was avail
aMe. While the Fifteenth United
States Cavalry band played a dirge the
graves* tv ere decorated. The exercises
«V£ffe participated in by patriotic 8O
tietjes. A parade was had to the ceme
• tfery and back to the amphitheater,
. «Jk«ne the band, vocalists and orators
" completed the programme. The oration
• <>f the day was delivered by General
Jqftn C. >Black. commander In chief of
tho. Grand Army.
! • At the Soldiers' . Home the exercises
• were equally elaborate. The parade in
cluded the invalided and aged soldiers
..wk'o Jive at the home, headed by the
* National Soldiers" Home band. The
frrivtion was delivered by William E.
Andrews of this .city.
* At the battleground of the national
" cerrieury the programme included ad
*iircss<:s by District Commissioner Mac
• I-'arland and Louis P. Shoemaker.
" Thomas C. Noyes and "Wilton J. Lam
* «t-it. all of this city. The Sons of Vet
eraaj had charge of the exercises at
**43ongres*ional .Cemetery, and commit
tees- appointed by the various societies
«xmtlucted services at the other burial
places.
"Memorial Day at Capi
; tal'Marked by Pro
*: found Ceremonies. •
Impressive Ceremonies
Conducted in Cities,
of the State.
GETTYSBURG. Pa., May 30.— On
historic Cemetery Hill, overlooking
ground hallowed by the blood of half
a hundred thousand brave men and in
the presence of a concourse of thou-
Eands who had assembled to pay tri
bute to the memory of the natlon f s
dead. President Roosevelt to T day de
livered a notable address. On nearly
the same spot, on November 19, 1S63,
President Lincoln delivered the im
mortal address enunciating principles
which have rung round the world for
more than a third of a century.
President Roosevelt was escorted to
the cemetery on the battlefield by a
body of several hundred veterans of
the Civil War. The President and his
special escort were preceded by several
organization's, including a squadron of
United States cavalry, the Third Unit
ed States Artillery and the Marine
band of Washington, which had been
ordered here for the occasion. Mrs.
Roosevelt and other members of the
President's party followed in carriages.
The rear of the procession consisted of
civic organizations and citizens in car
riages. Governor. Pennypacker .ol
Pennsylvania presided at the ceremon
ies, which were held on the rostrum in
the cemetery.
After the Memorial day services of
the G. A. R. had been concluded and
the pupils of the public schools had
strewn flowers over the graves of the
thousands of dead, during which cere
mony the Marine band played a solemn
dirge. Rev. Dr. Edward Everett Hale,
chaplain of the United States Senate,
pronounced the invocation.
THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS.
The President was then introduced
by Governor Pennypacker. As the
President arose to speak a downpour
of rain began and continued through
out the time ne addressed the great as
semblage. He was accorded an en
thusiastic reception, notwithstanding
the rain, and the crowd of 10.000 people
in the cemetery remained to hear the
address despite the thorough drench
ing they received.
Referring in the beginning of his
speech to the allusion of Governor Pen
nypacker to the death of Senator Quay,
the President said:
Governor Pennyoacker alluded to the fact
that to-day Pennsylvania mourns Its senior
Senator. The regiment which Senator Quay
was instrumental in raising took part in this
battle- of Gettysburg — the battle In which
Governor Pennvpacker shared. Senator Quay
was not with it. He had gone with another
regiment and it is appropriate to caJl at
tention at this time to the fact that when
the terra of service of that regiment expired.
Just before. Fredericksburg. Senator Quay de
clined to accept the charge' and continued as
a volunteer with the army that fought at
Kredericksburg and won the medal of honor
on that bloody day. . \ .
Continuing, the President said
The place where we now are has -won a
double distinction. Here was fought one of
the great battles of all time, and here waa
*pcken one of the few speeches which shall
last thsough the ages. As long as this repub
lic endures or its history is known. »j long
thall the memory cf the battle of Gettysburg
likewise endure and be known; and as long as
the Knglish tongue In understood, so long
ehall Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg speech
thrill the hearts of mankind.
The civil war was a great war for righteous
ness: a war waged for the noblest Ideals, but
waged also In thoroughgoing, practical fashion.
It was on* of the few wars which mean. In
their successful outcoqpe. a lift toward better
things for the nations of mankind. Some wars
have meant the triumph of order over an
archy and licentiousness masquerading aa lib
erty; some wars have meant th<» triumph of
liberty over tyranny masquerading as order;
but this victorious war of our» meant the
triumph of both liberty and order, the triumph
of orderly liberty, the bestowal of civil rights
upon the freed slaves, and at the same time
the stern Insistence on the supremacy of the
national law throughout the length and breadth
of the land. Moreover, this was one of those
rare contests in which It w»s to the immeasur
able Interest of the, vanquished that they
should lose, while at the same time the vic
tors acquired the precious privilege of trans
mitting to those who came after them, as a
heritage of honor forever, not only the mem
ory of their own valiant d«eds, but the mem
ory of the deeds of those who no lees valiantly
and with equbl sincerity of purpose, fought
against the stare in their courses. The war
left to us all, as fellow-countrymen, as broth
ers, the right to rejoice "that the Union has
bten restored in indestructible shape in a.
country where slavery no longer mocks the
boai>t of freedom, and also the right to rejoice
with exultant pride In the courage, the selt
•acrlfice and the devotion alike of the men who
wore the blue and the men who wore the gray.
A GIGANTIC STRUGGLE.
He is but a poor American who, looking at
this field, does 'not frel within himself a
de*i>*r reverence for the nation's past and a
higher purt>os^ to make the nation's future
rUe level to her past. Here fought the chosen
fons of the North and the- South, the Kast
and the West. The armies which on this field
contended for the mastery w-ere veteran armies
hardened by long campaigning and desperate
fighting into wjch instruments of war as no
other nation then possessed. The eeverity cf
the fighting Is attested by the proportionate
low — ¦ ' n «s unrivaled In any battle of similar
eize since the close of the Napoleonic struggles;
a loe= which in certain regiments was from
three-fourths to four-fifths of the men engaged.
Every spot on this field has its own associa
tions of eoldierly duty nobly done, of supreme
eelf-Kacrlflce freely rendered. The names of
the chiefs who berved In the two armies form
a long honor roll; and the enlisted men were
worthy, and even more than worthy of those
who led them. Every acre of this ground has
its own associations. We see where the fight
thundered through and around the village of
Gettysburg; where the artillery formed on the
ridges; where the cavalry fought; where th»
hl!Is were attacked and defended: and where,
finally, the great charge surged up the slope
only to break on the summit In the bloody
epray of gallant failure. « l
But the soldiers who won at Gettysburg
the soldiers who fought to a finish the civil
war and thereby made tliclr countrymen for
ever their debtors, have left us far more
even than the memories of the war Itself
They tuught for four years In order that on
this continent those who came after them,
their children and their children's children
might enjoy a lasttng pe«ce. They took arms
now to destory, but to save liberty; not to
overthrow, but -to establish the supremacy of
the law. The crisis which they faced was to
determine whether or not this people was fit
for self-government and therefore fit for lib
erty. Freedom ts not a gift which can be
enjoyed save by those who show themselves
worthy of Jt. In -this world no privilege can
I* permanently appropriated by men who have
not the power and the will Successfully to as
sume the responsibility of using It aright. In
Ms recent admirable little volume on freedom
and responsibility In democratic government.
President Hadley cf Tale has pointed out that
the freedom which is worth anything Is the
freedom "which means self-government and not
anarchy. Freedom thu« conceived Is a con
structive force, which enables an. Intelligent
and good man to do better things than he
could do without It; which Is In Us essence
the sabctltution of self-restraint for external
restraint — the substitution of a form of re*
restraint which promotes progress for the form
which retards It. This la the right view of
freedom; but It can only be taken If there is
a full recognition of the close connection be
tween liberty and responsibility in every do
main of human thought. It was essentially
the view taken by Abraham Lincoln, and by
all these who, when the civil war broke out,
realized that in a . nelf-governlng democracy
those who desire to b« considered fit to enjoy
liberty must chow that they, know how to use
It with moderation and Justice in peace, and
how to fight for It when it .is Jeoparded by
malice domestic or foreign levy.
AX EXXOBLING LESSON*.
The lessons they taught us are Iecsona as
applicable In our everyday lives now as In
th« rare times of great (trees. The men who
made this Held forever memorable did so be
cause they combined th« power of fealty to a
lofty Ideal with the Dower of showing that
fealty In hard, practical, common sense fash-
Ion. They stood for the life of effort, not the
life of- ease. They had that lov* of country,
that love of Justice, that love of their fellow
men, without which pow-er and resourceful ef
ficiency but- make a man a danger to hfs fel
lowi. Tet. In addition thereto.-they likewise
possessed the power and the efficiency; for
otherwise their high purpose would have been
barren of result. They knew each how to act
for himself, and yet each how to act with his
feUows. They learned, a« all the generation
of the CJvll War learned, that rare Indeed Is
the chance to do anything worth doing by one
sudden and rfolent effort. The men who be
lieved that th« Civil War would be ended in
ninety days, the men who cried loudest, "On
to Richmond." Jf they had the right stnff in
Umn cpeedlljr learned their error, and the war
was actually won by those who settled them
selves steadfastly down to light for three
years, or for as much longer as the war might
last, and who gradually grew to understand
that the triumph would come, not by a single
brilliant victory, but by & hundred painful and
tedious campaigns.
; . ; GUIDE IX CIVIL MFE.
In the East and the West the columns ad
vanced and recoiled, swayed from side to
side, and . again advanced; along the coasts
the black ships stood endlessly off and on be
fore the hostile forts; generals and admirals
emerged into the light, each to face his
crowded hour of success or failure: the men In
front fought: the / tnen behind supplied and
pushed forward those In front; and the final
victory was due to the deeds of all who played
their parts well and manfully, in the scores
of battles, in the countless skirmishes, in
march, in camp or in reserve, as commissioned
officers or in the ranks — wherever and when
ever duty called them. Just so It must be for
ua in civil life. We can make and keep this
country worthy of the men who gave their
llvea to save j It. only on condition that the
average man among us on the whole does his
duty bravely, loyally and with common sense,
in whatever position life allots to him. Na
tional greatness is of slow growth. It cannot
be forced and yet be stable and enduring, for.
It Is based fundamentally upon national char
acter, and national character Is stamped deep
in a people by the lives of many generations.
The men who went Into the army had to sub
mit to discipline; had to submit to restraint
through the government of the leaders they
had chosen, as the price of winning. So we,
the people, can preserve our liberty and our
greatness in time of reace only by ourselves
exerclsln- th« virtues of honesty, of self-re-:
stralnt and of fair dealing betw-een man and
man. In all the ages of the past men have
seen countries lose' their liberty because their
people could not restrain and order themselves,
and therefore forfeited the tight to what they
were unable to use with wisdom.
Exactly as !n time of war courage is the
cardinal virtue of the soldier, so in time of
pe»ee. honesty, using the word in Its deepest
and broadest significance, is the essential llaslc
virtue, without which all else avails as nothing.
HONOR, TO THE SOLDIERS.
It was because' you men of the Civil War
both knew how to use liberty temperately and
how to defend' It at need that we and our
children and our children's children shall hold
you in honor forever. Here, on Memorial day.
on this great battlefield, we commemorate not
only the chiefs who actually won, this battle;
not only Meade and his lieutenants. Hancock
and Reynolds and Howard and Sickles and
the many others whose names flame in /our
annals, but also the chiefs who had made the
Army of the Potomac what it was. and those
who afterward led it in tha campaigns which
were crowned at Appomattox; and, further
more, those who made and used its sister
armies: McClellan. with his extraordinary ge
nius for organization; Rosecrans: Buell: Thom
as, the unyielding, the steadfast; and that great
trio. Sherman. Sheridan and. last and greatest
of all. Grant himself, the silent soldier whose
hammer-like blows finally beat down even
the prowess of the men who fought against
him. Above all. we meet here to pay homag*
t<> the officers and enlisted «men who serv»d
and fousht and died without having, as their
chiefs had. the chance to write their names
on the tabiets of fame; to the men who
marched and fought in the ranks, who were
buried in lonr trenches on the field of battle,
who died In cots marked only by numbers in
the hospitals; who. If they lived, when the
war was over, went back each to his task -n
the farm or in t^e town, to do his duty In
I>ea.c« as he had done it in war: to take up
the threads of his working life where he had
, dropped them when the trumpets of the nation
pealed to arms. To-day, all over this land our
peorle meet to .pay reverent homage to the
dead who died that the nation might live; and
. vre pay homage also to their comrades who are
! still with us. . - . '
; All ar<» at one now, the son* of those who
I wore the blu^ and the sons of thos« who wore
I the rray. and all can unite in paying respect
'¦¦ to the memory of those who fell, each of them
' trivinr his life for Ms duty as he raw it: anil
! all should be at one In learning from tfi*
deaths of these men how to live usefully
while th» times call for the performance of
the counters necennary duties of everyday
life, and how to hold ourselves ready to die
nobly should the nation ever aeain demand of
her sons the ultimate proof of loyalty.
I WASHINGTON, May 30. — President
! Roosevelt and party returned to^
j Washington from . Gettysburg at 8:20.
} o'clock to-night. The run from the
f battlefield to the capital was without
incident of any kind. During the trip
President Roosevelt went to the for
ward Pullman car and spent about two
hours In conversation with General
i Daniel E. Sickles and General O. O.
j Howard, both Civil War veterans. The
{ trio discussed the various positions of
I the Union an»i Confederate armies, not
! only on the Gettysburg field, but also
j on other noted battlefields of the war.
• The President listened with great in
; terest to incidents related by his com*
| panions of events of the war.
PATRIOTISM
IS AGLOW IN
WASHINGTON
President Roosevelt Addresses a Multitude Assembled to
Honor the Memory of the Heroic Dead.- -. .)•
sas -Nebraska bill. We do not mean to
praise him, or; the author of the bill,
Stephen A. Douglas, or those by whose
votes the bill was enacted into » law.
Though our party. prejudices are mel
lowed by half a century, and though
now we can. take a more judicial view
of the act/ we still find nothing in it
which can' reflect credit on those who
were responsible for its passage.-; The
act involved a breach of faith so pal
pable that its beneficiaries and sup
porters were embarrassed in . its de
fense, while its opponents, the anti
slavery men of the North, were aroused
to an indignation of white heat by. this
deliberate breaking of a compromise
which for thirty ¦ years had • been
thought tcr^e as sacred as the provi
sions of the constitution itself. ' It
transferred the decision xrom the Con
gress of the United Statesman intelli
gent and dignified legislature, to an
unorganized, or "a disorganized, body
of men among whom mob violence was
certain to exist, subject to all- sorts. of
improper influence and capable of un
scrupulous manipulation. : *
"We rejoice to-day in the fact that
the bill which was* enacted into law
fifty years ago. instead of accomplish
ing the purpose of those who voted for
it, marks the beginning of the end of a
controversy which eliminated from our
social system Uie cancer of human sla
very and permits us as citizens of the
United States to look the world in the
face when we proclaim our national
love of freedom and civil liberty."
-. ; — «
GOTHAM VETKKAXS PARADE.
Tlirvatenina; JVcatlier Fails to Inter
. - fere With the Ceremonies.
NEW YORK, May 30. — A threaten-
ing sky overhead did not in any "way
interfere with the annual . observance
of Memorial day in this city to-day.
The parade of the Grand Army of the
Republic included the various
Grand Army posts, the Old Guard,
United States troops, the United otates
Marine Corps and the National
Guard. Representatives of the city.
State and National Government re
viewed the parade.
Perhaps the notable^«bservation of
the day was at the .fombftof General
U. • S. Grant, the U.fS. jGrant Post of
Brooklyn having .charges of .the exer
cises. The United States gunboat To
peka was stationed'^ in,V:th.e ..Hudson
River in honor, of the occasion and as
the veterans arrived aljjjthe .tomb the
ship fired a salute of twenty-one guns.
Mrs. A. Sartorls, daughter of Gen
eral Grant/jjnd Mrs. Cremor, his sis
ter, visited the tomb.; just before the
exercises and placed flowers in the
crypt. They were then escorted to the
grand stand and remained during the
oration by "Corporal" James Tanner.
Thousands of persons visited the tomb
during the day. A number of floral
pieces were received, among them one
from President Roosevelt.;
HIGH MASS IX NEW YORK.
Iniprcss-ive Service in Memory -of the
Spanish War Veterans.
NEW YORK. May SO.— A memorial
high mass, celebrated according to the
military ritual of the middle "ages, was,
said before 20,000 persons the campus
of the marine barracka-^n Ihe New
York Navy Yard in memory of those
who died in the Civil and Spanish-
American wars. It was the second cer
emony of the kind held since the close
of the Civil \\far.
At one end of the campus a large
altar, with gold-domed tabernacle sur
mounted by a golden cross, stood in a
court of honor formed by ten high
white columns arranged in a semicircle.
The columns were connected by a trel
lised railing and were decorated with
flowers. ¦ »
On the left of the sanctuary marines
from the navy yard were paraded, to
gether with a detachment *>f infantry
from Fort Columbus, coast artillery
from Fort Hamilton, sailors from nu :
nierous ships of war in the yard, na
tional guardsmen, posts of veterans,
Irish volunteers and Knights of Colum
bus, a total of 3000. The service was
under direction bf-the Gloucester Com
mand. Spanish War Veterans. When
the soldiers and sailors marched off the
Held the entire gathering joined In sing
ing the national anthem.
*••/-- ... _*.
THE DAY AT ST. LOUIS.
Appropriate Memorial Services Arc
Held in Exposition City.
ST. LOUIS. May 30. — A gloomy day,
with threatened rain, opened one of
the most eventful weeks at the Louis
iana Purchase Exposition. This will
be "military week" and to-day was
devoted to exercises appropriate to the
commemoration of Decoration | day.
Five hundred West Point cadets are
now encamped on the grounds, the
main body having arrived to-day.
Cadet corps from different military
academies are gathered here with the*
regular* United States army troops and
the exposition presents a military
aspect. After a parade of all military
forces appropriate memorial exercises
were held at Festival Hall.
ELOQUENCE
STIRS SOULS
OF VETERANS
THOUSANDS BOW OVER THE GRAVES AT GETTYSBURG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1904.
3
ADVEaTTSTiyRTTTS.
AWomaa's Headache
generally comes because ofc».
troubles peculiar to women ;
these troubles come from a
cause simple in itself, but which
Beecham's Pills will quickly re-
rriove. There are many ways
in which women suffer and
& Woman's Backache
is another most serious and
painful experience of many
w;omen. Thousands of women
are taking Beecham's Pills
•periodically and find them
v.x>nderful in relieving the suf-
'ering. Every woman should
acquaint herself with the good
these Pills can do, as
A Woman's Suffering
can be avoided by using
¦ See special instructions to
_•¦;¦;) women with each box.
Sold Everywhere
. In Boxes, IOc and 25c
DivLyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PttfPAftEDBV
of dollars a year are
lost by not using Schilling's
Best- .
«* t»VLifi5ffwtJ«r ;'«pW"
ceffin Savohax extneta :«od»V
and i nobody gains by using
anything else instead.
_ ._. AD V EKTtH K M B JIT3. .
THE OLD FOLKS JIT HOME
Are Never Without Pe-ru-na in the House
i for Catarrhal Diseases.
MR. AND MRS. J. 0. ATKINSON, INDEPENDENCE, MO.
UNDER date of January 10. 1897. Dr. In a letter dated January J. 1900. Mr.
Hartman received the following let- Atkinson says, after five years' expert*,
ter: ence with Peruna:
"My wife had been\ suffering from a ««» ,i mvmm -„-*,_„- /« , nm .l -
complication of diseases for the past 25 ' wt " OVOr Continue 10 Speak a
years. .... ' good word for Peruna. in my
"Her case had baffled the skill of some- _„„_,/« mm - /--.,«,/,-- _„„ / --. _
of the most noted physicians. One of her rounds as a traveling man I am a
worst troubles was chronic constipation walking advertisement for Peruna
of several years' standing:. „ . » » » # »
-she also was passing through that and ha ** educed many people dur-
most critical period in the life of a wo- ing the past year to use Pjruna wrth
wrote to you about her case. You advised 'Ad most Satisfactory rosulis. I am
a course of Peruna and Manalin. which still Cured of Catarrh."
we at once commenced, and have to say . . n . ,
it completely cured her. She firmly be- UOhn U. AlKinson.
lieves that she would have been dead P or 0T0 Indmnmndmnnm Ma
only for these wonderful remedies. °°* *'*' MOOpenaence, MO.
"About the same time I wrote you When old age comes on. catarrhal dls-
about my own case of catarrh, which had ea »* s co «n e also. Systemic catarrh is al-
been of 25 years* standing. At times I most universal in old people. - .
was almost past going. I commenced to T* 11 ?, explains why Peruna has become
use Peruna according to your instruc- f° indispensable to, old people. Perana
tions and continued its use for about a Is tn^ lr safe-guard. Peruna is the only
year, and it has completely cured me. remedy yet devised that meets these
_ cases exactly.
t» v , , ,,..'. Such cases cannot be treated locally;
four remedies dO all that you nothing but an effective systemic remedy
.'.-..• . « could cure them. This is exactly what
c.aim for them, and even more. Ca- Peruna is.
. , . . , o If you do not receive prompt and sat-
tarrh Cannot exist where Peruna IS isfactory results from the use of Peruna.
. , .-- . , ' • - write at once to Dr. Hartmac. giving a
taken according to directions. Sue- full statement of your case and he will
, , . • , .. be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
cess to you and your remedies. vice gratis.
i l n m*l- ' Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
UOhn U. Atkinson. Hartmaa Sanitarium. Columbus, O.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
f \lll% H6w , to J^ : Be«v1j
V v\ V« TT~* a Q 'llll . |\ V\pi ¦ HA ft |/>b ( II
J 111 I BRLLANCY d\
U xo^ SgjjggSa %//j^ > Clarity and polish, prov- *^^jbT«S|
II N§i? %^\X "^ P****** brewing «** 1 9$&ffl
if -olv raffiSSK < %^' fermentation. n jF*Sfc||
IJ -^^ Xr^p||ftSsjA S=^* brilliancy is always found in beer if C It
B-^81 \ffl\\ 'MIomL ¦^^^. P ro P erl 7 conducted, and the fermen- jll
/r^p I Ptll ISjcgSS'* 4^$* tation of the brew completed under I I
\j/% VZ^t^a^jf^ : '-* carc f°l an( i scientific regulation of Vf
\/a?/ \tej$j£§j!rt temperature. No other beer made II
1 /////. .teS|ir|i Iff Bohemian in this quality of briH- ffil j
V I ill Vv It is gained by the unremit-
wk I II' WHiCJSLJO' «y\ ting watchfulness bestowed upon each II.
II//7/foft»«_ i uVUVV • brewing, and without the use of U
1 / /77W|/ffpW'fM\\ chemical v preserratives, , thns giving A
I / /I III » • '» * \\ ' ¦"' * he 'c°n??« neir *P n «t •^a^ B "v^
1 / II I J \\ wholesome and*] I '. ¦¦ 1 1 ¦
I "The only beer bottled exclusively fit (he Brewery" I
1 THE AMERICAN BREWING CO. n^M^&^H'
II HIIiBKUT MKKCAXTILE CO. I
ADVEETT3EME2JTS.
Goo<5 Pajamas $ 1 a Suit
A maker of sleeping
|||£ 4 : . a , garments, wishing to
JfSff^ retire from the trade,
* ' L^ei^- » soId us his stock on
V; .^vvCV\\\* V'\i\^ :^^-i,»**'' r^ nano at an extremely
# Iow casn P rice * We
3& can e^ tnese pajamas
jj& for about tjie cost of
- ma * er^ alone. The
"• regular value is $2.00
afld $Z5 ° a suit -° ur
"'"~^ ' price is **"°° a suit.
''mjy Wstl!/ The material is wo-
of blue, black, gray and pink. Military collars, silk
loops, pearl buttons, elegantly finished throughout.
Sizes 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19.
V-. VVhile they last,. $1.00 a suit.
Mail orders filled-— write . us.
; 740 (lYlOTKet -,3irCCl» v
1 • • . 'Claims IliiWw Robbed.
Samuel Johnson reported to the Har
bor police station last night that he
had been robbed of $1600 by James
McCann and Pietro Martini while they
were walking along the water front.
Arcnscr and accused were locked up
jwnfiins an investigation. "The 'police
take little stock In the'story.
.; Portland outhit San Francisco across
the bay In the morning game, but that
.was all they did do. When the locals
hit young' Druhot they hit him hard.
Their - eight s bingles meant six runs.
Portland never could bunch on Whalen
at the right time and did not have a
chance. ,The score:
Portland — San Francisco —
AB. R. H.'P.A. AB. R. H. P.A
Drnancf 5:0 1 1 0 Hldbd 3b 4 1 2 S 3
McCde'rf 0 1 3 0 O Waldn.cf * 2 2 1 0
Ndeau.lf ¦. 4-- 1' 1 2 OjMeany.rf 2 1 0 1 1
Beck, 2b 4 0 1 1 3 Leahy, o 4 13 3 2
Frnci«,«s 4 0 1 4 2 Andsn.gs 3 10 2 8
Mrphy.lb 3 0 1 11 0 Relts. 2b 4 0 11 4
Stlmn,3b 3 0 1 1 3|Ma«sy,lb 4 0 0 14 0
Shea, c ..4 0 14 0 Oortn. If 4 0 0 2 0
Druht, p 4 0 0 «0 3 Whaln.p 4 0 0 0 0
•f otalB.36 2 10 24 13 Totals.33 6 8 27 18
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland .........0 .00 0 2 . 0 0 0 O— 2
. Base hlta ......1: 1 K 1 : 0. 2 4 3 0 0 2-10
San Francisco ..3 0 10 2 0 0 0 x — 6
Base hits ......3.1 1 0 2 0. 1 ' 0 x— 8
¦• ; 1 '¦• SUMMARY.:
Stolen bases— AndersoxV^Jifaaeau. Errors—^
Murphy 2, Frauds 2," TJorton, Hildebrand,
¦ Leahy Retti. '' Three-basa hits— Leahy, Mc-
Creedle. Two-base * hits — Hildebrand; i Nadeau,
Beck, Waldron, Murphy, Shea. Sacrlflce hits —
Meany Anderson. . First base on error* — Port
land 3. San Francisco " 3. First' base on
called balls— Off Pruhot 1, oft Whalen 3. .Left
on bases — Portland 11, San Francisco 6. Struck
out— By Druhot 3. by Whalen 3. Hit by pitch
er Nadeau. ¦ Double plays— Relta to Anderson
to Massey. " Time . of same — Ono Itour 40 . min
utes. ?: Umpire— Huston^^^
.Honors Divided In 'the South.
LOS ANGELES, May ; 30.— Oakland
and Lo« Angeles broke ; even to-day,
the I former, taking ,th"e °morning" con
test} by the score, of 3 to 2 and the
First Blood for Uncle.
Amateur Heavy- Weights .Will Meet.
Boxers Joe Long and Walter Mareno
will meet to-hlght at Mechanics' Pa
vilion annex under the auspices of the
Bay* City Club and the contest prom
ises to be a warm one as the men are
hard-hitting heavy-weighte: .The spe
cial match between Abe Label; and
South Side Jack O'Brienand the heavy
weight contest between Arthur Oliver
and "Ben Price will be good ones. The
other bouts are between Ed Smith and
Pat Reilly, Telegraph Hill Jack O'Brien
and Chic Lawlor and Jack Oogan and
Tommy West. .' . . . •¦-; . • ¦
HILTON, re. j., ?,iay 30.— The six
teenth annual cycle rare over the Jrv
iRgton-Milburn course was run to-day.
Ft retched along the course were more
than 20,000 persons, who cheered the
contestants as they passed. E. E. Me-
Callurn of Crooklyn, one of the six
minute men. won the race, with Alfred
I)^mar<_-t.t, six mioutes. also of "Brook
lyn, recond, and Charles Widman of
Newark, four minutes, third. Time,
1:13:43. Adsl;ih Krohn of Brooklyn, the
winner or the race last year, won the
limcorlzc 5n l:?2:30.
Jrviugtttii-Mllburu Cycle Kaee.
F.TC11 Break in the Xorth.
TACOMA. Wash., May 30.—Fitz
gerald waa slaughtered by Seattle
this morning in the worst farce of the
season. Frisk's second home run In
the last Inning scored four runs, while
Mohler, the first man up In the first,
knocked a homer.
In the afternoon game at Seattle
the Seattle men commenced to bat
after Tacoma had won the afternoon
game. Overall took St. Vfain's place
In the second and had things his own
way until the last three Innings.
Score:
MORNING GAME.
Tacoma— ; s ** ttI *7U ,» „ «'. ;
AB.R. H. T.A. " AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rf 3 0 0 1 0 Mhler.Zb 5 4 4 3 4
»ihehn.3b 3 12 2 0 }VhHn,cf 7 S 4 3 0
Nrdyk.lb4 1 1 11 <1 iplnty.3b 6 3 8 1 0
Kutfan.s* 30124 FrlsK. If 7 4 6 2 0
Lynch.cf 4 O 2 3 0 rmlth. rf rt 1 2 3 0
l'asey.2b 4 O O 1 4 Prshr.lb 8 0 4 5 0
McLln.lf 4 O 0 2-0 Hall, ss. 5 0 16 2
Grahm.c4 1 1 5 1 glkshp.c B 1 O 4 1
Ftzgrld\p 4 0 2 0 1 Barber.p 4 3 2 11
1 Totals. 33 3 Q 27 11 Totals. 5t 19 26 27 8
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoma, ..2 0 000000 1— a
Base hits 3 O 111 1 0 1 1— »
Seattle 2 1 1 O O ft 8 O 3— 1»
Base bits 3 0 3 0 16 7 2 -4—24
SUMMARY. y V.
. Errors — Fitzgerald, Eagan. Struck out
By Fltsgerald 4, by Barber 4. Bases on balls
—Off Fltigtrald 6, off Barber 3. Double plays
Hall to Mohler to'Brashear, Mohler to Hall
to Brashear. Two-ba«e hits— Nordyke. Van
Haltren, Frisk, Barber, Mohler, Smith, Brash
ear. Hall. Home runs— Graham, Mohler.
Frisk 2. Wild pitch— FlUgerald. Hit • by
Bitched ball— Smith. : Time of game. 1:50.
rmpira — O'Connell.
AFTERNOON GAME.
Seattle — 'I Tacoma—
ABRH. P.A. AB.R H. P.A.
Mhler,2b 4 2 3 2 1 Doyle, rf 5 2 10 0
VnHn.cf 4 1 2 4 o Phehn.Sb 4 110 2
DInty.3b 4 0 10 1 Nrdyk.lb 4 2 2 IS 0
Frisk. If 5 0 . 2. 3 OiEagan.sa 3 2 3 O «
Smith, rf 5 0 1 2 O Lynch.cf 5 12 0 0
llrsher.lb 5 0 2 7 2 Casey.2b 4 12 3 6
Hall, ss. 5 0 O5 3McLln.lt 6 0 3 3 0
Bikshp.c 4 2 3 2 1 Grahm.e 5 0 16O
Shlelds.p 0 0 0 0 0 St.Vrn.p 0 0 0 0 0
Wlllm»,p 4,112 2 Overall, p 40003
Total*. 40 • 15 27 10 Totals. 41 ~9 15 Zl 17
CLEVELAND. Ohio, May 30.— A
t^legr^m was received to-night by
President Kilfoyle of the Cleveland
Club. from Ban Johnson, the president
of the American League, ordering the
indefinite suspension of Captain
Lajoie, second baseman of the Cleve
land team, for throwing tobacco at
Umpire Dwyer In yesterday's game at
Chioag-o, the outcome t>f a dispute be
tween Lajoie and Dwyer. Lajoie's sus
pension puts the Cleveland team In
bad pthspe. Turner, shortstop: Joss,
pitcher, and Hush, fielder, are out of
th« game on account of illness, while
Flick. Hkknian, liemis and Bernhard
are hardly f.t to play.
Lajoie's Suspension Ordered
Annual Excursion to San Rafael. -
The fourth annual excursion and
picnic of the Emmet Rifles was held
at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, yes
terday. Nenrly a thousand pleasure
seekers Journeyed to the picnic
grounds and thoroughly enjoyed
themselves during the day. The com
mittee of arrangements labored hard
to insure the enjoyment of the guests
and their efforts were crowned with
success. The big pavilion was crowd
ed with dancers and a revival of the
Irish games was a pleasant feature of
the affair. The winners of prizes in
the various games and races wer»:
lUic* for girls 8 to 12— First, Josephine Mc-
Gutrc; second, Helen Schneider.
Hace for boys 8 to 12— First, Granvllle Mar
tin: secend. Pnul O'Dowd.
llaoe for jrtrU 12 to 15— First. Miss J. Mc-
Guire; aecond. Miss II. Schneider.
' Race for boys J2 to 10 — FirBt, Edward Mar
tin; second, Dave Barry.
Race for young ladles— First, Mits Winnie
I'.y.-ui; second, Mlr.s Ann Barry.
Race for young men — First. Grover Corcoran;
second, R. Hammond. -.
Relay race for members Gaelic football taam
— First. Joseph Ryan, l'.'Hogan and J. Barry.
Raising and gtrlklng the hurling ball— First,
Joseph Ryan; tecond. .M. MclClllnctt. :
Race for committee of arrangements— First,
J. O'Connor; second. Thomas O'Dowd.
Fat mei-.'s rae£ — First, D. E. Jarlt-ls; second,
William Minnehan. ..
Fat ladles' rare — First, Winnie Ryan; sec
ond, Katie Turner.
Popular Organization Gives 10* Fo;irth
PICNIC OP KMMKT RIPLKS.
Among the smaller boys the honors
were captured by the Tuesday After
noon Club, with a' score of 32 points.
The Saturday afternoon boys won sec
ond place, with 23 points, and the
third place was given to the -Monday
afternoon boys on their score of 14
points. , 5
The sports were In charge of the fol
lowing named: Referee, William Greer
Harrison: timers — John Elliott,
Charles D. Snyder; clerk of the course,
Sidney S. Pelxotto: inspectors — Henry
Welch, Harry Johnson: field Judges-
Laurence Arnstein. J. M. Brewer;
judges at finish— H. M. Slckal, Thomas
A. McGlynn; starter. George A. Schlit
ter; marshals — Earl BIgelow. Ed
Healy; measurers — William Gleason,
Hugo Callahan; announcer, James E.
Rogers. •. ,
Members of Colnmbla Park Clubs
Strive for Honors In Athletics.
Boys ran and boys jumped and
boys put the shot and did other
athletic stunts at the track of the
Wilmerding School yesterday. They
ran well and Jumped well and put the
shot like veterans, all of which pleased
the managers of the Columbia Park
Boys' Clubs, for it .was the semi-an
nual fiejd day of this popular organi
zation that brought the boys together.
Weather conditions did not favor
record-breaking performances, with
the result that the time made in the
running events was not extra fast, but
the finishes were all close and exciting
enough/ to bring great applause from
the spectators. The Jumpers cleared
the bar at astonishing heights and the
lads * who threw the nine and twelve
pound shot tossed* the sphere far
enough to win "plaudits from . thos^
that witnessed their efforts.
When the scorers at the end of the
day's sport footed up the totals It was
seen that the honors of the day rested
with the boys that are members of
the Thursday Evening Club. Their
score was 3C points. The Monday Even
ing Club boys came next, with a score
of 32 points, and third place went to
the boys of the Friday evening Club,
who scored 23 points.
SCHOOLBOYS ENJOY DAY.
Specialists In Annual Convention.
CHICAGO. May 30. — The tenth an
nual meeting of the American
Laryngological and Ithinological So
ciety opened here to-day. To-day's
session was devoted to routine business
and the reading of papers cr» .«chnlcal
subjects by Dr. E. S. Sollicfc fit Colo
rado Springs, Dr. Raymond W Payne
of San Francisco and other*.
RUNS AJfD HITS BT rSN^GS.
Seattle 0 O .> o ! o 3 O 2— i
Base bits 1 0 2 2 113 1 4—13
Tacoma 4 1 0 2 0 2 0 0 0— 9
Base hits 5 10 4 14 0 0 0—15
8UMMART.
Stolen bases — Doyle 2. Sheehan. Nordyke.
McLaughlin 2. Errors — Mnhler. Blankenship.
Sheehan. Two-base hits — Mohler. Lynch. Ca
sey. Eaean. Sacrifice hits — Van Haltren. Xor
dyke. Delehanty. Double play — Euan tj
Casey to Nordyke. Bases on balls — Off Wil
liams 2. off Overall 1. Struck out— By Shield*
1, by St. Vraln 1. by Overall 5. Hits— Off
Shield* S. off Williams 10, off St. Vraln 1. off
Overall- 14. Passed ball — Graham. Left on
bases — Seattle S. Tacoma 7. Time of game.
2 hours. Umpire — CConnell.
Many were Inclined to think Jeffries
would fisht this time weighing more
than in any of his previous contests,
but he says he will enter the ring tip
ping the scales at about the same notch
as when he took on Corbett. Like
maiden ladles, shy and secretive about
their a,ge, pugilists do not post their
correct weight for the public's inspec
tion. This is a trait of the profession,
and when preparing himself for a "fair
dlnkurn," as the scrapper from the An
tipodes would say. Bob Fitzsimmon=
was the limit In this respect. Bob, it
Is claimed, would step on the ficale*
only when the shades of night had
enveloped the earth and then took a
Not that the big fellow has been idle
during the past five weeks he has been
here, but he will now begin in earnest
oh the sharpening up process. What
with repeated jogs down to Middletown
and back, combined with long tiresome
climbs over the rugged hills surround
ing the camp, he has succeeded in
shedding several pounds of flesh and
even now looks all over the gladiator
fit and ready. What the champion's
weight now is only the man In the
moon can tell.
HARBIN SPRINGS, May 30.—Cham
pion Jim Jeffries has started in mildly
on his regular routine of training for
the apnr.oaching match with Jack
Munroe, the Butte miner.
champion3 winning In the afternoon
by the score of ft to 6. The first
game was hotly contested, Oakland
opening with two runs in the first
Inning. Los Angeles scored two in
the fourth. Oakland scored the win
ning run in the sixth. Oakland out
batted the champions in the after
noon game, but put up a poor fielding
game. The champions scored enough
runs in the sixth and eighth innings
to win. Score:
MOnNING GAME.
Lo» Angeles — 1 Oakland —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Toman ss 3 l> 0 4 t f)an!y.rf 4 0 110
F:ood.2b 3 0 0 4 4 Mkmn.*» 4 2 2 4 0
Smiih.:ib 4 0 « 2 1. Kruer.of 4 0 13 0
Brnril.i'f :; 1 ? 1 0 Shfly.Sb 4 12 3 4
Crvth.rf H 0 O 1 - O J.iHrb.lb 4 0 10 1
Ron If 3 1 12 0' Dvrx.3b 4 0 1 3 3
Chas^.lb 4 0 18 0 Byme-.c 4 0 O 3 2
Spies, c .4' 0 1 5 2 T.Strb If 4 0 O 1 0
Hall. p.. ..2 0 0 00 Grahm.p 4 0 10 3
•Eag*r ..10000 r —
Totals.36 3 8 27 13
Total«.30 2 5 27 11
•Kaf. r batted for Hall in the ninth.
RUNS AND. HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 2 0 O 0 0 O—2
Base hits 1 0 0 2 0 0 1 0 1—6
Oakland 2 O O 0 0 1 0 0 0—3
Base hits 2 0200211 1—0
SUMMARY.
Stolen* base* — Flood, Smith. Bernard, Dev
ereaux. Home run — Rora. Errors — Mosklman,
Bernard. Two-baire hits — J. Strelb. Kruger.
Mo*ktman. SchaHey w Sacrifice bits — Ross,
Byrne. First base on errors — Lob Angeles i.
Oakland 1. Left on bases — Los Angeles 5,
Oakland 5. Bares on balls — Off Graham 3.
Struck out— By Hall 5, by Graham 3. Hit bv
pitcher — Hall. Flood, Bernard. Time of game —
1 hcur .'!."> minutes. Umpires — Franeka and
Wheeler.
AFTERNOON GAME.
i Lob Angeles — 1 Oakland —
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P.A.
Toman. ss 4 10 1 liGanley.rf 5 0 0 2 2
Klood.2b. 4 114 6Moski.ss. 3 4 3 13
sm!th.:ib. 4 2 2 10 Kruger.cf 4 12 0 0
Bernrd,cf 4 112 0 Schfly.2b 5 0 4 13
Cravth.rf 4 111 0 J.Strb.lb 5 0 2 13 0
Itoss.if.. 3 0 0 1 0 D«vrr.3b 5 1 2 0 t»
Chase.lb 4 2 2 12 0 Byrnes.c. 4 0 0 6 0
Sl>les,c. .40253 T.Strb.U 3 O 2 0 0
Gray, p.. . 4 0 0 0 4 Cooper. p. 4 O O O 2
Totals 35 8 8 27 14 Totals 40 8 15*23 16
*Rcss out. bunting third strike.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lo » Angles 1 0000502 x— 8
Base hits 21 001 41 Ox— 8
Oakland 1 0 0 1 2 0 1 0 1—6
Bas? hits .TO 0 2 3 0 2 2 3—13
¦SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Smith (2). Crmvath. Chase (2).
Flood. Bernar.l. Errors — Mosklman (2), Dercr
eaux (2), Coopc-r, Schlafley, Ross, Crarath.
Home run — Mo#klman. Two-base hits — Moskl
man, Devereaux. Schlafley. First base on er
rors — Los Angeles 4, Oakland 1. Left on bases
Los AngeUs 3. Oakland 9. First base on halls—
Off Or\y 2, oiT Cooper 1. Struck out — By Gray
5. tiy Coouer 5. Double plays — Gray to Spies,
to Flood: Schlafley to Mosklman. to Strelb;
Devereaux to Schlafley, to J. Strelb: Ganley to
Byrnes. Wild pitches — Cooper 2. Time of game
— One hour and forty-five minutes. Umpire—
McDonald.
peek at the weight with the aid of a
dark lantern.
So astute a pair of Judges as Colonel
Martin Brady, the well-known politi
cian, and Dick Adams, the Eddy-street
hotel man, pronounce the boiler-maker
ready to climb through the ropes now
and lick all the heavyweights in
Christendom. Manager Billy Delaney.
however, never 5 underestimates the
other fellow's prowess and will take
no chances with the champion. A sec
ond rater trained to the hour has often
made a top notcher careless of his con
dition take the count.
Both Joe Kennedy and Jack Jeffries
were stripped and ready to take their
course Of cruelllng this morning, but
Jeff eliminated boxing and indulged in
gymnasium work and * handball in
stead. He punched the bag for twenty
minutes, skipped the rope several hun
dred t'.mes. worked the pulleys and
even then was not blowing enough to
dowse a candle glim. After this he de
feated Officer Foley of San Francisco,
no mean athlete himself, at a game of
handball. 21-14. Then Jack Jeffries
doubled with Foley. but the champion
stowed them away in two straight
game?. 21-14—21-16. Jeffries is- very
fond of handball and a firm believer In
its efficacy as a weight reducer and
conditioner. It will figure as a prom
inent factor In his training.
Billy Delnney will pay a short visit
to San* Francisco on Tuesday.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Sixth" race — '.. ? .
8. , Sprague'a Clara t. (S. Sprague) . .". .3 1 X
M. M. Donnelly's Flora G (D. Ltegin- .
¦Bet):... ...-.....'..'.... ...1.2 a
J. Boran's Dnlla McCarthy • (J. : Doran)2 3 3
J. O'Kane's SnniJow (J. OKanc) 4 4 4
J. Pastene's Billy • F. - (J. Pastene) ..... .5 . 6W
Time— :30, 1:09 -1:45V4. 2:21%.
.'. -<, ;:Sft*l.\l:lOH. 1:43%, 2:23.
' :36*i, -1:10%, l:40V4. 2:24
Fifth race, running:, three-eighths of a mile
Won by J. O'Connor's -Brown Jim, H. Danz'u
Pajamas second, William Hartley's Silver Dick
third. : Time-!- :40tt., - :_
*"ourth race— , '
John 1 J>a wlor's Grace McKlnney (J.
¦. Lawlor) .;...: 1-2 1
H. Schottler'B Lee Roy (W. Todt) 11 2
F. Lauterwasser Jr.'a Broom Corn (F -
Lauterwasser Jr.). .... ....'........ .2 fl 3
John Garrlty's Harry B (J <3arrUy)....6 3 4
E. Ferrari's Lulu S (B. Ferrari) ...3 B 6
E. A.Buck's Zulu Lass (E. A. Buck). 5 4 5
Time— :37. 1:14%; 1:01% 2:32. .
:38.1:14V4. 1:51%; 2:35.
:37U 1:14. 1:00V- 2 :30%. ,
Third race; handicap-
Arthur Jacob's Arthur F (tcratch) 1
J. Pastene'a Billy F (10. yards) .....*2
S. Sprasue's Clara I, (50 yards);.......... 3
V. Verllhac's Harry Hurst (130 yards) 4
*Dlsquallfi>(l for fouling aim placed last.
Time— :43V4. 1:17%, 1:35&, 2:34^.
Second race—
Frank Kchmltz's Dock (D Lleglnger)... ..1 - 1,
H. .Schottler'B Dynamite (J. Oarrlty) 2 3
G.' Litndauer's Homew.iy (O. Undauer)...4 2
F. W. Thompson's Ruth S (J. W. Ramage)3 4
J. Holland's Prince B <l». Richardson).. .5 5
Time — :36. 1:11. v i:40 2:24.
:35, .1:10%, - l": 44%. 2:24%.
Several thousand persons interested
in light harries? racing went to Inyie
uide track yesterday and enjoyed some
of the closest finishes seen here in
years. The affair was under the joint
auspices of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association and of the ban
Francisco Driving Club.
it was a marked success, the only
drawback beins the dilatory tactics of
some of the amateur reinsmen, which
made the affair drag out until dusic
The best race of the day was the
2:25 class, which was won by Frank
Sc&mitz's gray pacer Doc. In the first!
heat he fought every Inch of the way
ntth H. Schottler's Dynamite, which
I12 beat by inches after a thrilling dilve
through the 'stretch. In the second
heat these two horses and G. Lind
auer's Homeway came ! through the 1
homestretch neck and neck. The \
judges placed them Doc, Homeway and ,
Dynamite, but some of the spectators
thought Homeway won by a narrow
margin.
The time, 2:24 and 2:24?i, was pro-;
nounced excellent, as the track was '.
heavy for harness racing. It was esti
mated to be at least ten seconds slow
to the mile. I
T. Corcoran's MIsfIoh Boy, driven by ,
the veteran J. O'Kane, won the 2:30
class in straight heats.
The handicap race came late In the
day when spectators and drivers alike
were tired Tind It was hardly given a
fair trial. Nuckalls, the driver t/f
Billy F. was charged with having
swung his whip in the face of Clara
L, causing her to break. Billy F was
disqualified and Clara L was given
second place.
John Lawlor took the first and third
heats in the 2:40 class with Grade Mc-
Kinney, a diminutive pacer. She broke
in the second heat, which H. Schott
ler's Lee Roy won, pulled up.
The, Judges declared the bets off on
the only running race of the day as
they did not like the aspect of the af
fair.
It took three heats to decide the 2:20
class. M. M. Donnelly's Flora G took
the first heat. The tire on one of her
sulky wheels broke in the second heat
and with this handicap she was only
beaten a couple of lengths. Clara L
won the second and tnird heats and
the race.
The officials in charge of the races
were: Starter, T. J. Crowley; judges,
James Lawlor, Ellas Williams, Joseph
Windrow and Joseph Cairn Simpson;
timers, L. E. Clawson and Fred Vet
ter; marshal, Thomas F. i3ann6n; as
sistant marshal. Jack Holland.
Joseph Cairn Simpson, the patriarch
of the trotting horpe men, waa In the
stand and started the last race, show-
Ing all- his old time skill and enthu
siasm, despite his four score years.
FlMt race —
T. Coicoran's Mlislon Boy (J. O'Kan*)..l 1
V. Vcrllhao's Little Victor (V. Verilhac).2 3
.1. J. Donovan'* Jim (J. J. Donovan) 3 2
J.' W.' McTlRue'a Mike (J\ W.. McTJgue).^ B
A. Anderson's Roblln (A. ' Anderson) 5 4
Time — ::m. 1:17 1:06 2:3014.
:38%, 1:17% 1:00%, 2:36Vi.
Uncle Henry got one yesterday at the
Oakland baseball grounds * while the
sun was yet low in the heavens. He
figured on two in a row, but the
Brownie batsmen upset his calcula
tions with their clubs. Such a beating as
Phil Knell, the National bush leaguer,
got was worth going miles to see If you
had a grudge against him. Scores:
Morning game— San Francisco 6, Port
land 2; "afternoon game— Portland 11,'
San Francisco 4. ,
" A fairly good collection of fans and '
others dropped In to see the slaughter,
and how they did hand it out to Knell j
and Anderson. The Portlanders made i
a monkey- of Knell whan they com- I
menced to land, and Anderson made a
monkey of himself when the Portland
ers commenced to land. It was Andy I
who started the big onslaught when he |
failed to make connections with a j
grounder in the fourth.
At that time the bases were all dec
orated with a northern star. Two were
out and Drennan lined a grounder to
short that would have been cake for an
inmate of the day* home. .Andy side
stepped at the wrong monrent. After
that it was bins, bing, and five tallies
for Portland before Uncle Hank could
relight the butt of his Btogie.
The game progressed ii this manner
in nearly every inning. Portland could
bit anything that the gasman had. At |
that he did not have much. But
ler held them safe till the eighth when
they sneaked one over on him.
It was comical to see San Francisco
rally in the ninth and ease . through
with three. The game closed with
Meany at the bat and on every bag
loitered a Friscan. Pat filed to Me-
Creedie and then the fans went home,
figuring on what krnd of a game they
would see the next time they went to
the Eighth-street lot. The score:
San Francisco— 1 Portland—
AB.R H. P.A.I AB.RII PA
Hldbd.3b 4 0 11 l'Drnan.cf 4 2 V 1 o
Wldrn.cf 5 0 2 5 0 SWcCrd.rf 3 2 15 0
Meany.rf 5 0 0 2 1 Nadau.lf 5 1 3 4 O
Leahy, c £ 1 1 O :t Beck. Zb 5 O 1 1 3
Andan.BS 4 0 15 3 F rnds.ss 5 13 0 4
! Reltz. 2b 4 2 2 2 1 Mrphy.lb 5 1 1 10 0
Musey.lb 4 1 2 10 f> fitlmn.3b 5 113 1
Uorton.lf 4 »> 0 2 0 Bhea. c. 3 1 1 3 t>
Knell, p 4 0 0 0 '£ Butler, p 3 2 10 3
Totala.3S 4 9 27 12l Totals. 33 11 14 27 It
• RUNS ANI> HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland ....3 O O 5 S 0 0 0 0 11
Bate hits 3 104 4 100 1 14
fen Francisco. .. ,11 O O 0 0 w 1 O .1 I
Bate hits . ...»4 1 O 1 0 0 1 0 5— 9
; ; SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Hildebrand, Waldron. Shea.
Errorf— Anderson 2, Knell, Waldron, Steelman
2. • ... Two-ba»e lilts — Drennan, Nade&u. Mo
Creedle. Butler. Reltx. Sacrifice hit — McCree
dle. First base on errora — San Francisco 2,
Portland 3. . Ktr»t bate on. called balls On
Knell 4, off Butler 1. Left .on bases — San
Francisco 7, Portland S. , Struck out — By But
ler 2. Double plays — Anderson to Maasey,
Meany to Massey. - Time of game, 2 hours.
Umpire — Huston. .
W.L. Pet. 1 - W.L. Pet.
"akland :O •.'« .571 Lo» Angeles. .:<* 2'J .51U
Fealtis ..... .:« 2« .M7 San Fran L'8 3 « ,45»
facoma . . . . .31 M .54;» I'urtiand 17 40 .2DS
(Pacific Coast League.)
Champion Jeffries Settles Down to Work
and Sheds Many Pounds of
Superfluous Flesh.
A bloody razor, which the hospital
authorities had allowed him to keep
for the purpose of shaving; was at his
side. Burke was a teamster, 43 y«*ars
of age. and lived with his family at
1157 Kentucky street.
James E. Burke, a patient at the
City and County Hospital, maddened
with pain, cut his throat with a ra
zor at 2:30 a. m. yesterday and ex
pired immediately.
Burke was admitted to the hospital
on April 29, suffering with violent
pains in the stomach. The disease
soon developed Into a tumor of the
left side. The pain became worse
last Sunday night and he screamed
with agony. H. McClellan, the night
nurse, was absent in Ward X at the
time of the suicide and hearing a
noise coming from the direction of
Ward O. hastened thither and found
Burke dead In bed with his throat
cut.
ing Nurse's Absence.
Maddened With Pain, Teamster Bnrko
Kills Himself With Razor Dur-
PATIENT IN HOSPITAIi
CUTS HIS OWN THROAT
Portland Browns Bombard Knell's Curves
After Losing to Uncle in the
Morning Game.
Harness Horses Make
Fast Time on
Poor Track.
START OF THE FIKST RACE AT IXGLESIDE YESTERDAY— T. CORCORAX'S MISSION BOY, THE WINNER, DRIVEX by J. O'KAXE, IS SHOWN ON THE RIGHT OF PICTURE. |
Racing Auto performed in grand
style before a large crowd at Union
Coursing Park yesterday, winning the
big holiday stake from the runner up.
Rose of Gold, in a one-sided course by
a score of 23 to 4. The winner jvas a
1 to 3 favorite and was heavily played.
The hares were unusually fast and led
the greyhounds many a hard chase
over the field. The most notable upsets
of the day happened when Beauty Gold
beat Aeolus and Rose of Gold beat
Ragged Actor, both at odds of 5 to 1.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
Holiday stake: First round — Orsina beat
Balendtne, 8-0; Donnybrook bm& Texas Mig
non, i-2: Aur«Ua beat Rolling Boer. 10-5:
Charter Member beat Texas Mamie, 5-0: Rich
Array beat Forest Fire. 17-9; Lily Wright beat
Fancy Free. 4-2; Fontenoy beat Frisky Boy.
tt-3; Texas Jill beat Algle McDonald. 4-0;
General Dewet beat Concord Traiee, 3-3; Lord
Granard beat Toronto. 5-0; Red Rock beat
Una, 9-7; Racing Auto beat Texas Hoo Uou.
5-0; Foxhunt er beat Haughty Helen. 5-4; Ml
A mi go beat Progresso, tf-2: Ready Address
beat Roy Haghie. 7-1; Medley beat Courtley
Ousst, ft-2: Fenii beat Queen of the Isles. 4-1:
Pagliacci beat Miss Lucille. 8-2: Gold Fortun*
beat Lady Newark 5-2; Honest John beat
Haddlngton. 7-1: Hamburg beat Terra Gotta,
8-6: Renegade Apache beat Merry-Go-Rounrt,
13-5; Aeolus beat Agitator. 4-0; Beauty Gold
beat Tamora, 8-6; Our Motto beat Hermit.
»-2- Pepper Jack beat Ragged Actor. 7-0; Row*
of Gold beat Traiee Boy. 9-7; Belfast beat
Articulate. 6-0. . . .,„ „
Second round — Orsina beat Donnybrook, 12-8:
Charter Member beat Anrella. 8-7; Fancy Free
beat Rich Army. 4-1: Ftxntenoy beat Texas
JUL 2-1: General Dewet beat Lord Granard.
14-10: Raclnx Auto beat Una. 7-0; Foxhunter
beat Ml Amlgo, 4-0: Medley beat Ready Ad
dress, 8-2; Fenll beat PagUaect. 7-*: Honest
John beat Golden Fortune. 8-O: Merry Go
Round beat Hamburg. 17-10: Beauty Oold
beat Aeolus. 4-3; Ragged Actor beat Our
Motto. 8-1: Rose of Gold beat Belfast. 7-2.
Third round — Orsina. beat Charter Member.
C2; Fontenoy beat Fancy Free. 5-2: Racing
Auto a bye. General Dewet withdrawn; Fax
hunter beat Medley. 10-2; Fenil beat Honest
John. 11-9; Beauty Gold beat M«rry Ot> Round.
10-2: Rose of Gold beat Ragged Actor. 4-3.
Fourth round — Fontenoy beat Orstna. 3-2;
Racing Auto beat Foxhunter, 4-0; Beauty
Gold a bye, Fenll withdrawn; Rose of Gold *
bye.
Fifth round— Racliur Auto beat Fontenoy.
3-1; Row of Gold beat Beauty Gold. 8-3.
Deciding course — Racing Auto beat Rose of
Gold, 23-4.
Rose of Gold Beaten
in the Deciding
Course.
RACING AUTO
THE STAR AT
UNION PARK
BOSTON, May 30. — Boston took the after
noon came by hard hitting in the first and
eighth innings. A great running catch, by
Dono\an and a etop by Parent were fielding
futures. Rain k>;t the attendance down to
«>*u. Score:
R. H. E.
lioeton 8 la I
Washington 2 8 1
Batt«-riei — Tannehill and Criger; Dunkle and
Kittredge.
BOSTON, May 30.— Boston clinched t'.i
tnorning game In the first inning by bunching
long hits with Washington's errors. Both
icatEs i ,: : • i i>oorly In the nVld. Attendance
7100. Score: ¦¦
R. H. £
Hostcn i. 4
Washington 3 7 2
Batteries — Gibson and Doran; Patton and
Drill.
NEW TORK. May 30.— New Tork d/feaW
Philadelphia In the morning game. Bender
was knocked out of the box in the finrt In
ning, New York getting a lead which the vis
itors could not overconie. Attendance SOjO.
Bcort:
R. H. E.
New York 7 7 i
Philadelphia 4 10 3
Batteries — Powrli and McOuire; Henley and
Bender. Schreck and Powers.
NEW YORK. May SO.— Philadelphia shut
New York out this afternoon. It was a pitch
ere" battle. Score:
New York «> 7 U
Philadelphia 1 . 7 1
' Batterirs — Hughes and McGuire; Waddell
and fccfcifck. •
AMERICAN LEAGUE
ning to the *nd of the ninth the rain came
down !n torrents; but. as the bieacherites re
luf-t-d to leave their seatr, the came could not
b« called. The game was a larce. with the
£t. Louis team much the better mud players.
Attendance, SJ&OU. Score:
• R. H. E.
¦pittsbure -S" 0 5 4
6t. Lcuie 13 » 1
Uatt< rif*— Philllppl and Phelps; McParland
and Grady. Umpire — Kmrlie.
form f"r the first seven innings, and the home
batter* could do little with him. Attendance.
€IHK). Score : *
n. h. e.
Hr^oklyn 3 6 5
liottoa" S 11 0
Batteries — Reidy, Garvin and Ritter; Willis
and Netdhjan. Umpire — Johnetone.
PITTSHURG. May 30. — From the second In-
Boston » 2 7 2
Brooklyn * » -
Eatttries — Pittlnger and Moran; Jones and
Ritter.
BROOKLYN. May 30. — la the afternoon
gome to-day Boston outplayed the home team
iroin Ftart to finish. Willis was In excellent
CINCINNATI, May 30.— The Cindn
natis hunched their hits off Lundgren
in the morning game and scored a com
paratively easy victory. Chance's face
was badly lacerated by being hit by
a pitched ball in the first inning, but
he continued in the game. Attendance
3S00. Score:
R. H. K.
Cincinnati J " 5
Lhicaso 4 6 0
IJatt«Ti"E— Harper and Peltt: Lundfren and
O'Neill, frapirrs — Moron and Zlmmer.
CINCINNATI. Hay 30— Tiie first two runs
?cored !n the afternoon by the Chicago* «"«
Klfts In the ninth the visitor* fell on Kellum
»<n<l batted -out three ran*. Attendance 12.200.
kCO "- : R. H. E.
ax&«ma 2 " *
Chicago ' • • s B *
Batteries— Kellura and Schlfi: Wicker and
O'Neill. Umpires— Ztmxner and Moran.
¦ I'HTLADELrHIA. May 30.— A batting- rally
in the eighth »aved Pbiladejphia from defeat
In the Eftcmooa gimp. Taylor weakened and
live singles rave the locate three run* and the
came. Attendance, 7u00. Score:
Ii. II. E.
New York * » J
Philadelphia 8.9 6
Batteries— Taylor and Warner; Dugeleby and
I>ocln. Umpire — O' Day.
PHILADELPHIA. May SO. — The morning
contest between ' Ntw York and Philadelphia
bore little resemblance to a ball game. Errors
end rcisplays were too numerous to mention.
McGann was put out of the grounds for
Ui-ir.g objectionable language. Attendance,
MM. Score: h £
New York 15 13 4
Philadelphia * 7 5
Batteries — Matthew*on and 'Warner; Breckln
rldge cud Lush. Marshall and Dooin.
NEW YORK. May 30. — Morning game —
After a. long losing streak, the Brooklyn team
¦won a game' to-day. Lumley's batting was
the feature. Attendance. 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
. National League.) I (American I^airue.)
1V.L.Prt.| W.U Pet
New York. ...2* 11 .csenoeten 25 1» ••!*
:hic»*o 24 U.6««.neveland •-19J3.&03
:incinn»ti ...'2d 12 .«S5 Ktw York. ...20 14 .688
ft Loui* IT J" ..'.00 lhllad*lphta .19 ie .W3
fYtt*burg ...10 19 -4f7 :-hica|ro 19 li .62*
Poston 13 21 ..-SS2SI. Louis 15 1« ¦ «(»
Krocklyn ... .14 23 -37» Detroit H £1 " ill
I*h2!ao>!phia . <5 20 .lSSjWashincton • o 25.1&S
STANDIN*G OF THE CLUBS.
Philadelphia Lands on
Jaylor of the New
York Team.
CINCINNATI .
- LOSES AND
WINS ONCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' TUESDAY. MAY 31. 1904.
SEN SAT I O N AL F IN I S H ES M A RK TH E AM ATEUR DR I V I N G RAC ES AT I N G LES I DE
PUEBLO; .t Colo.V May.- 30.— -What is
believed-' to « be a ; world's record " was
made this afternoon at a race mati nee
of Uhe Pueblo ';-. Driving Club, when
Harrlska, a yearling colt, owned, by J.
Sand; paced a quarted of a mile, in
: 3 5 ,94i » '^^^^^^^^^^S»«S9H8BHBSBI
Yearllna: .Paces a • Fast Mile.
Chit-aero Man Kn joins Brokers From
Hounding Him on Unpaid
. Xote.l ' .... •¦•."
CHICAGO, May 30.— Declaring: that
loan men hounded' him for 'six years
and that he had more than paid the
principal and interest on a $100* loan
made In 1900, Edward 'S^ Tibbitts,; a
salesman, has .secured an Injunction
from Judge Tu thill restraining alleged
prosecutors from , . bringing additional
suits.
Tibbitts says he has paid $166 onan
original loan of $100 and 2hat . the loan
man now alleges ; he, owes $143.' *_
The defendants to the Injunction are
C. F. Wenham, . George ¦ Frankenberg
and E. S. Warne. .= ¦ .,
' Mrs. Tibbitts says she has appealed
to the' money lenders in person so. that
her husband,- herself , and two
children would be protected from dls-
SEEKS PUOTECTIOX ' v ; i ; r
x FROM MOXEY LENDERS
ST. LOUIS,- May 30. — The body, of
CM. Dewey, a relative of Admiral
Dewey, waa found in a: clump of
bushes In a pasture in the'northwest
ern part of the city to-day. Dewey
disappeared from his home last
Wednesday, saying: that he was going
for a walk. It is believed he com
mitted suicide with -carbolic acid.
Dewey had been in ill-health.
Body of St. Louis Man * Is Found
in Bushes In One of the City's
Suburbs. 'V'.',
RELATIVE OF DEWEY
* DIES IN' SOLITUDfe
PARIS, May 30.— W. K. Vanderbilt's
Vanneau wbn .the Prix de Marguerites
at the Sl Cloud races to-day.
Vandcrbllt's Vannean a WJnner.
Jxx oiii«4tv<- KnjrinJ'crs In Session'.
LOS ANGELES. May 30.—Notwith
standing that to-day was a holiday,
the convention of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers held a mornine
session and took several preliminary
ballots for the election of assistant
Srand chief engineers. Nearly twenty
candidates vrere voted for on 'the open
ing ballot, but when the last ballot was
taken at noon the number had nar
rowed down to five.' M.' W. Cadle of
StjdalSa, Mo.,' was leading:, with M. H.
Shay. Younjjstown. O.; H. E. Wilson
PottsviHe, Pa., and Joseph Robe of
Mattoon, III., following. Three assist
ant grand chief engineers are to be
chosen.
4
DR. PIERCE'S KEMITDIE3.
Does not take into consideration the ons
essential to woman's happiness — •wom-
anly health. There is many a wociaa
whose future seems absolutely unclouded
who is marked by her own condition for
future disappointment and distress.
The woman who 1
neglectsherhealth
is neglecting the JjpSSV
very foundation of «4§*&P*£M
all good fortune. t^r CTPg^
For without health JKV* A)^P v
love loses its lustre ySx& 77 w
and gold is but (4m*<M
Womanly health Abjs! ilL,
may be retained or //jS
regained by the /zin MW^A
use of Dr. Pierce's J^jft| ££Eg i: ]
Favorite Prescrip- -ira^g J££$§*Si
tion. It establishes ; ES^^LiB^®SM
regularity, dries m J^^&-;|
the drains which '- y^' j
women, fjaE..^. 1 1
heal a inSamma- x* 1^
tion and ulccra- fjyfo* l *Bn
tion and cures » «-» I
female weakness, /^y" c»^/ /*/£• .1
It makes weak (J/ /*/ I
women strong, / ,/ fTI I
sick women well.' ' I
Dr. Pierce offers $500 reward for women
who cannot be cured of the above dis-
eases. His "Prescription" has been so
successful in curing thousands of cases
in the past third of a century that ho
makes this remarkable offer to show his
confidence.
"I have tafctn ate bottle* of Dr. Pierre's Fa-ror-
Ite Prescription." writes MUa M. Fyfe. o. Oriilia.
Simcoe Co.. Ontario, "and two bottles of the
•Pl-asant Pellets' as you advised for congestion
of uterus, ovaries, and weaJcneaa, and can safely
•ay that your medicine has been the mean* of
restoring me to good health again, which I had
not had for over three years, until taking your
medicine. I thank you »ery much for your kind
and prompt attention to my letter asking advice."
"Favorite Prescription" has the testi-
mony of thousands of women to its com-
plete cure of womanly diseases.
Dt. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets clear the
1 complexion and sweeten the.breati.LONDON. May 30— Walter J., Travis
and John Molleri in a foursome of
thirty-six holes at Sandwich to-day,
easily. defeated. T. T. Gray and -W. W.
Manley. \ Travis ', played ', magnificently
and the. consensus. of opinion among'
the onlookers was that if Travis main
tained to-day's form in the champion
ship, play,, which opens.- to-morrow, he
probably, would 'be the winner;
Travis Plays Great Golf.
NINETEENTH ANNUAL REOATTA (OF THE CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB. MAT 30. 1904.
MEXICO CITY, May ; 30.— The Pan
ama Railroad ; has just awarded * the
contract for the- construction- and
equipment ¦ of that ' road from"' Tonala,
the present- terminus.:' in, the .State of
Chlapas,\to Tapachula,, on ;the"frontler
of Guatemala. The contract isto;build
and equip the ; line ; throughout accord-
Ing 'to -regulations ; laid 'down?, by the
Government. > The ' .work is ' to ' be com
menced at L oner : ;:_'^
Contract Calls , for ; Construction :. and
Equipment Accortliris: to Gover- [. .
ment "• Regulations.
WORK OX THE PANAMA
RAILROAD TO SOOX BEGIN
NEW YORK. May 30.— An attempt
to do a polite act has cost Joseph De
leo his life. He -was a lad of 15, re
turning on a streetcar from an ama
teur ball game. A gust' of wind blew
off the hat of a lady passenger on the
car. Deleo leaned from his seat and
attempted to catch up the hat. A car
coming from the opposite direction
struck his head and he fell. back dead
into the arms of his comrades.
LOSES HIS LIFE BY
ACT OF POLITENESS
BOSTON, May 30.— While on the way
with parents and brother to place flow
ers on a sister's grave In Cedar Grove
Cemetery this' morning, Marion Hold
er, 6 years . old, . was knocked down and
killed by an automobile In which were
Lieutenant Commander Edward * H.
Scribner, United States navy, and Mrs.
Scribner, and their two sons. Lieuten
ant Commander Scribner, was arrested
at his home .'in Lowell to-night; on a
charge of manslaughter and brought to
Boston police . headquarters. There he
told his story and was released \ on
3000 ban. ¦aMrfBnHfBBiiBar#ga^
Boston # Lad Meets Untimely Death
While on the Way to a ¦
Sister's Grave.'- ;; .
NAVAL OFFICER'S AUTO 3 -
KILLS LITTLE CHILD
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., May 80.—
The United States cruiser Minneapolis
arrived to-day. She is the first to ar
rive of the Atlantic defense squadron,
which Is* to-be formed in Hampton
Roads under the direction of Admiral
Wise. The German transport ship
Posebia with 1500 officers and men
aboard, arrived from Hamburg to-day.
The new arrivels will relieve the offi
cers and men on board the four Ger
man warships now in port, whose
terms have expired and who wish to
return home.
Squadron to 'Make an Appear
ance. \
Cruiser Is the First of the . Atlantic
MINNEAPOLIS ARRIVES
AT NEWPORT NEWS
.v NEW, YORK, May 30.— One death
may: have resulted from the fire that
started last evening in the Starin barge
Allen C. Churchill and swept over seven
of -the: Delaware, Lackawanna arid
Western - Railroad Company's freight
and - coal " piers. The mate of the
Churchill cannot be found and he may
have perished. The police estimate the
loss at $1,000,000. : This, however, they
say, is a conservative estimate, and it
may be: found, that: the loss is several
hundred ; thousand dollars higher. The
officials of . the railway . company are
unwilling as yet to give out any definite
figures, as it has been impossible to
learn just how much freight was de--
Btroyed. Three engines were still pour
ing streams of water on the smoldering
ruins to-day.) •
'¦¦;. President Truesdale of the Lackawan
na* said to-day . that ; the . burned . piers
would, be rebuilt as rapidly as possible.
Arrangements have, been completed to
use : the ; Erie yards for ' Lackawanna
freight temporarily..
York Piers.
Jn Flnnies That Destroyed New
One Man Believed to Have Perished
FIRE LOSS ESTIMATED
AT A MILLION DOLLARS
MANY BRIGANDS KILLED
IN A RUNNING FIGHT
TRIPOLI. May 30. — Three bands of
Shamba Tunisians raided the Tripoli
tan oasis of Sinuan on May 27, killing
a number of the inhabitants. Tripoli
tans pursued the raiders and overtook
them at Deers. In the. fighting: which
followed ninety Shambas were killed.
APPEARS IN HER ROLE.
ALTHOUGH VERY ZLIt
Daughter of Wisconsin s Governor
Plays Her Stage Part While
Sufferinjr Intensely.
FORT ATKINSON, Wis., May 30.—
Poisoned by salad eaten at dinner and
suffering great pain. Fola LafoUette.
daughter of Governor Lafollette. now
making her debut on the stage with
the Walton Pyre stock company, ap
peared last night, pluckily refusing to
give way to an understudy. Miss La
follette Is leading woman. She Is not
seriously ill.
The report was current In Valpa
raiso May 11 that Flint had arranged
to pay the Chilean Government J5.150,
000 for the two cruisers, but that th»
Congress would have to confirm the
sale.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. May 30.—
Charles R. Flint of New York has de
posited the value of the cruisers Es
meralda and Chabucc with the bank
ers Rothschilds in Paris.
MOXEY DETO^ITED
FOR CHILEAN" CRUISERS
ST. LOUIS, May 30.— Banded to
gether as members of the American
Press Humorists, many men from all
parts of the country who write funny
things for newspapers and magazines
arrived to-day and will spend the week
visiting the exposition. Among them
are Robert J. Burdette, Edmund
Vance Cook, Strickland W. Gillian. A.
L. Bixby and Eli Perkins. This sec
ond annual convention of the humor
ists will be more devoted to sight
seeing and/ having a good time than
to conventional business. A business
meeting will be held, however, ¦ pre
sided over by President* Howard E.
Warner of Binghamton. N. Y.
The present . Indications are that
either San Francisco or Milwaukee
will be selected as the next place of
meeting. . ; n '-
American Press Humorists Meet at
St. Louis for Their Annual
. Convention.
FUX 3IAKERS ASSEMBLE
AT EXPOSITION' CITY
Sporting: News Continued on Page 14.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, May 31.— A fire
which started shortly before midnight
has burned over an area of a half acre
at the' corner of Oregon. Perry and St.
Clair streets. The loss probably will
reach $100,000. The principal loss will
be that of the, St. Clair-street School,
one. of the oldest In the city, the inte
rior of which is entirely, destroyed. The
other losses include the window frame,
door and other woodwork manufactory
of the Cleveland Window Glass Com
pany on Oregon street. A half-dozen
small dwelling houses have been de
stroyed, with their contents.
Opposite the burning structure, on
each side of the streets named, excited
residents removed all household goods
because of the rapid spread of the fire,
which threatened their homes.
V The blaze Is the most spectacular the
city has experienced in years, and has
been'.watched .by thousands of resi
dents. ' >
One of Cleveland's Oldest Schools Is
Among the Dwellings De
stroyed.
FLAMES -LAY WASTE
¦ . . : ¦ -»¦ A HALF-ACRE TRACT
The cause of the recent trouble was
that some of the rowdies of the Piney
"Woods section banded together to pre
vent negroes working on the construc
tion of the Livingston and Southern
Railroad. They proposed to make • the
company pay them a handsome tribute
if it desired to continue construction,
as the whitecappers claimed they were
"kings of that particular territory."
• The company appealed to the Federal
authorities and the United States Mar
shal, with deputies, invaded that sec
tion and after an exciting experience
arrested the four ringleaders. Further
trouble is expected. The whitecappers
claim to have an unlimited number of
friends and relatives in this section and
that they, propose running things tq
suit themselves. ' i .; .'
GALVESTON, Tex.. May SO.— As the
result of whitecapping running riot in
the Piney "Woods section of East Texas
recently the Federal authorities to-day
arrested four^ white men and are look
ing for several others. The arrests
were made under section 5508 of the
Revised Statutes of the United States,
which places the penalty at a fine of
not more than 55000 and imprisonment
for not more than. ten years.
The arrests of to-day, are for offenses
similar to those which recently oc
curred In North Texas, In which there
were a number of convictions, and sim
ilar occurrences In the mountainous
regions of Tennessee, where a number
of white men were sentenced to the
penitentiary for long terms.
Uncle Sam Aiding in Putting to an
» End the Lawless Reign in a
Texas District.
WHITECAPPERS TAKEN'
BY FEDERAL OFFICERS
Many Persons From All Parts of Cal
if ornla Attend the St. Louis
Exposition.
ST. LOUIS, May SO.— The following
Callfornians have registered at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
Ban Francisco— A. M. Abbott. Mr. and Mrs.
H. Blckneli, E. A. Hill. J. Wlndermute, Mr.
and Mrs. J. M. Dye. H. R. LIpman, George
Mickle, F. E. Miller and wife. A. H. Brown,
C. L. Harrey, Barney Blass, Mrs. W. Hollls,
Mine Hollls. James Paul, N. A. Jones. L. Bmst
and wife. Mr?. B. B. Lee. C. L. Goddaxd and
family, L. A. Day.
Los Anselee— Mr. and Mrr. J. R. Boal, F.
M. Pe«Ne*. W. II. Carter. J. G. Common, J.
W. Hughes and wife, C. F. Schwab. Mr. and
Mrs. G. Fritx. E. Olchausen, Mrs. H. C. Gul
teau. W. E. Harvard and wife, Mrs. O. S.
Bamura. F. D. Jones.
Oakland — !•. B. Mum. Florence Xlehtln
gale. Mrs. F. M. Smith. Miss E. Ellis, C. A.
Buckel, Guy C. Earl, Ella F. Earl, L. L. Cane
and wife, M. Dolln.
San Joae — Mrs. D. Palmer, J. G. Reid.
Cplton — M. A. Bagley. J, Abner Harris.
Ferndale^ — Henry Strube, W. D. Capwell.
Long Beach— Miss F. E. Stewart, Mrs. L. I*.
Hezklsh.
Treka— Miss G. C. Boll*. Mrs. O. Julian;
Mlsa O. C. Julian.
Saco City — John Haluffy.
Cent*rvll!« —^i". and Mr*.' E. H. Stevenson.
Clairmont — E. C. Norton.
Oxnard — O. C. Suan.
Suisun— Mr«. J. R. Chadbourne.
Chico — E. 8. Warren and wife. {
Ean Dlegt — James J. Jasper.
. Lompoe — J. C. Rudolph and wif«. •
Pasadena — Mrs. N. W. Spooner.
Redlandr — Mr. and. Mrs. C. A. Bock.
.Ban Bernardino— Mrs. F. M. Rhomberg.
Fresno— Dr. G. A. Hare, Dr. Jessie D'. Har».
VISITORS FROM PACIFIC
COAST AT THE FAIR
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 6— Sea Air. 105 (Bozeman).. 112 12
1 to 1— G.P. McNear. 108 (Wlms) 3 2 2 2 3
8 to 1— Light of Day, 105 (Fitzp) 2 3 20 3 20
Time. 1:01%. Won hand ridden, second and
third driving. Bon Ami also ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three
year-olds and ur>:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Invlctus. 102 (H. Smith). 7 2 1 1 H
6 to 1— Mr. Dingle, 103 (Crsswte)lO 3 2 2 t\i
3 to 1— Flourish. 107 (T.Stewart) 3 1 «4 3 4
Time, 1:43. Start good. Won first three
driving. Solinus 107. Tarrigan 107. Young Mo
reno 110. Kickumbob 102. Arthur Ray 110, Re
signed 05. Assessment 107. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE:— Six furhangs. selling, three
year-old» and upward
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— T Klngsly.- 131 (Buxtn) 4 3 1 1 2H
7 to 2— Nanon. 124 (HSmlth)... 5 2 1*42 1^
6 to 1— Frivolous. 115 ( WlUmi) 2 4 H 3 1i
Time 1:13*4. Start good. Won easily. Sec
ond and -third driving. Mo.itezuma 129. The
Piide 131. Effervescence 110 Hurrah Three
Times 129, finished as. named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs, selling, three
year-olds and upward
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
5 to 1— Northwst. 100 (RButler) Till*
8 to 8— The Lieut," 102 (Crosswt) 3 2 1 2 *J
6 to 1— Romaine. 109 (Wright .0 4 1 3 3
Time 1:14U. Start good. V\"on easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Heather Honey 112,
Priestllke 112. Red Tip 124. Nullah 114. Sub
urban Queen 117. My SurprUe 119, finished
as namnl. ,',« »
SIXTH RACE— One mile, selling, fonr
rear-olds and upward-.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 1— Headwater, 102 (Fltxptr) 5 I »i 1 h
» to 1— Dan Belle. 105 (Crosswt) 9 3 1 2 n
2 to 1— Miss Vera. 1CS (Frowen> 3 2 1 3 3
Time 1:42^. Start good. Won first thre*
driving. " Moor 107. Prestolus 107, Florlana
Belle 90/ -Judge Voorhles llf>. El Pllar 107.
Cazador 110. Little Secret 105, Thaddeus 107.
finished as named.
PETALUMA, May 30.— Getaway day
was a lively one at Kenilworth Park.
Two 1 thousand people witnessed to
day's racing, the largest attendance of
the meeting. The third meeting of
Stover's George P. McNear and Sea Air
was not as close as was expected. Sea
Air took the lead at the start, holding
it to the wire, and winning by a length
and a half.
Tom Kingsley In the fourth was rid
den in good style by Jockey Bux.ton,
and finished first at the wire. after a
hard drive,. ;JJe; was at liberal odds, but
was not heavily .played.
: The Lieutenant was heavily backed
In the fifth, but finished a poor second
to Northwest.'
.'Dandle Belle was the favorite of the
talent in the sixth and was well backed.
Headwater took the race by a head.
Dandle Belle and Miss | Vera pressing
him hard. Most of the horses will irave
to-morrow morning for Seattle. The
meeting has proved a great success,
(much credit for this being due Presid
ing Judge Egbert. Next year it is pro
posed to hold thirty days' racing at
Kenilworth Park. Summaries:
FIIIST RACE — Five furlongs; selling; three
year-olda and ud:
Betting- ' Horse, "Weight Jockey.' St. % Fin.
3 to 1— J. H. Bennett. 112 (Clark) 3 2 V4 1 n
4 to 1— Victoria S, 110 (Reeves).. 1 3 1 2h
4 to 1— Gondolus. 112 (Bozeman) 6 4 3 3 1H
Time, 1 :03. Start eood. Won first three
driving. Estado 112. .Gibraltar 115. Master
112. Magnelone 110. St. Rica 112. finished as
named. Blondura left at post.
. SECOND RACE — Flv« furlong?*; two-year
olds; purse:
ALAMEDA, May 30.— Canoe, swim
ming and rowing races were held to
day under the- management of the
Encinal Yacht Club. President L. R.
Weinman of the Encinal Club di
rected the events, assisted by J. E. Hall
and H. H. Shed.
Eleven boats entered in the six-mile
race for canoes, four from the Oakland
Canoe Club and seven from the Encinal
Club. The race was won by the Co
quette of the Oakland Club, Captain
Fred Bain. In forty minutes and eleven
seconds. The Brownie, Captain Robert
B. Bain, was second; the Nereid, Cap
tain Charles Taylor, third, and the
Frolic. Captain A. D. Harrison, fourth.
The other entries were the Vim, Cap
tain J. Landsberger; Jack, Captain
George Wright: Mist, Captain -H. M.
Landsberger; Janet. Captain Edgar
Painter; No Name. Captain C. J.
O'Kell; Ripple, Captain H. H. Shed.
In turning the first stakeboat the
Codia fouled the Frolic and stove a
hole in the hull of the latter and caused
her to fall behind in the race.
In the swimming races for men, A. L.
Field captured first prize, and in the
swimming race for ladies Miss Annette
Hall beat her only competitor. Miss
Bessie Valleau. A." L. Field was also
the winner of the rowing race In skiffs.
Alameila — Miss Hall a Clever
Swimmer.
The Codia Fouls the Frolic While O£f
CANOE COQUETTE IS FOIST
IN A SIX-MILE RACE
A special class for seven yachts had
been arranged, but the Acapulco was
the only one to start, j and though she
is a recent recruit in the club she will
be given a flag for having made the
trip alone. ,
The prizes-, in the. twenty- five-foot
class were only contended for by the
Discovery and Neva, though v nine had
been entered. Neva won. .--•
• In the thirty-footers the Aeolus and
Truant were the only ones to make the
try, as the Presto was re-classed. The
Aeolus won with . part of her* crew
standing on the spanker boom to keep
her down as she came across the finish
line.
Enthusiasm was divided between the
thirty-six-footers and the class V 1.
When the .whistle sounded for the
former to get away the Presto, In com
mand : of Frank Stone, cut the " corner
around the stake boat and was pre
paring to show her heelp to the balance
of the fleet when for some reason Stone
put about and again made the turn,
thereby losing a minute of his starting
time'. In close order and with every
sheet close hauled the Edna, Thelma
and Emma sent. the spray flying from
their bows and cut in on the port tack
for the shore. Down the course the
yachts ' flew, checking . their : speed but,
little as they luffed and headed away
on the other tack. They finished '¦¦ in
the following order: Presto, . Edna,
Emma, Thelma.
Commadore Fulton G. Berry of Fres
no was in command of the Nixie and
Commodore Edward Howard at the til
ler of the Speedwell, , the . two yachts
in the special class No. 1.' The Speed
well was away first, 1 as close -hauled as
she could be with the wind nipping the
tops of the waves into froth, while the
Nixie crossed behind her stern, stand-
Ing well ¦ In • shore. 'From the start to
the finish the contest between these two
boats was exciting. .As 'they, came
down the stretch with gaff topsails
catching ; the wind, mainsail ;"„ drawn
home to.- the point of explosion,, and
spankers out like great an
chored balloons, . the spectators on the
dock . and aboard , the } committee's
steamer; burst iinto . cheers , while -.the
Resolute sounded the cry of victory for
the » Nixie with ; her "
The Judges and committee in charge
were T. J. -Kavanagh, Douglas Ersklne
and; J. K.»Bulger. ¦ One act during the
regatta," for 'which the committee 'was
"grateful,- was . the = fact that the pilot
boats which - had been anchored along,
the? course' of the- races; moved their'
moorings beyond .the stake boats and
thus gave the' racers a clear- sear " The
following Is the official table: -
The nineteenth annual regatta of the
Corinthian Yacht Club will go down in
the history of the club as the most suc
cessful ever had on" the bay between
single stickers, and the differences in
the time made yesterday over, the va
rious* courses will furnish food for dis
cussion for weeks to come.
A better day could not have been
chosen. A spanking breeze blew in
through the Golden Gate and gave the
yachtsmen all they needed to send
their crafts spinning from tack to tack
and down the home stretch with spray
flying from" every bow and with every
stitch of canvas drawing to its capac
ity.' :; ; - -;¦ . r £-*&¦/ 'v- ¦;¦•-;¦/.
Promptly at 11:45 o'clock the steamer
Resolute sounded her • whistle for the
twenty-footers to get ready. Five min
utes later the get-away signal was
given, and the Ruby stuck her nose
into the wind and crossed the line on
a starboard tack. Like a young colt
just turned into pasture, she shook the
foam from her forehead and sprang
away for the trip to victory. Forty-two
seconds later the Vixen dipped her bow
across the line and the first -race was
on. The, course was to the Presidio
buoy- and back to Powell-street wharf,
from where all starts were made. The
Ruby won' by six minutes and four
seconds. - -
Sloop Æolus Leads the
Truant to the
Finish.
Sea Air Leads From Start, to Finish in
the Two -Year -Old Race at
Kenilworth Park.
Murdock Defeats Allen and Will Now Meet
MacGavin for Championship Ten
nis Laurels.
With the score reading 5 — 2 and two
sets love in his favor, Murdock let up
Percy Murdock, the Alameda tennis
crack, carried off the honors yesterday
in the San Francisco championship
tournament. He beat Will Allen of the
California Club in the finals and thus
earned the right to play Drummond
MacGavln in the challenge match for
the cup. This match will be played
next Sunday at 2 p. m.
As was expected, Murdock and Allen
won places in the finals. The former
beat Carl Gardner easily in the semi
finals and Allen disposed of Herbert
Long.
The final match between Allen and
Murdock was one of the best seen for
some time. Allen, who has been, off .In
his game of late, was at his best yes
terday, and Murdock had to play his
best to beat him.
Murdock's strokes were much better
than his opponent's, but the latter
fought hard art the way. and was as
steady as a clock. Murdock won three
sets out of four, but all of them were
exceptionally close. In the first two
sets and the first part of the third
Murdock was a trifle cleverer than Al
len.
In the fourth set Murdock was at
his best, and although Allen fought
hard he could not quite win out. The
score was 6 — I, 8 — 6, 7— 9, 6— 4.
Murdock's driving was excellent and
he won point after point on clean
passes. Allen's volleying was better
than his opponent's, but Murdock' had
a serve, that Allen could not. handle."' It
had a bad twist and a fast high bound.
The match was witnessed by several
hundred enthusiastic .spectators, /who
were treated to some great tennis. .
In the semi-final matches the winners
had no trouble in beating their oppo
nents. Allen's experience and steadi
ness proved too much for young Long.
The latter made a good showing in. the
first set, but became somewhat discour
aged in the second.
Murdock wins first prize, Allen sec
ond and Long and Gardner the two
third prizes. All are sliver cuds. The
championship match between Murdock
and MacGavln~ promises to be a great
one.
a little, and Allen, as usual, was quick
to take advantage of it. He ran the
score up to 5 — 5, and after appearing
hopelessly beaten at times finally pulled
out the set, . 9 — 7. Allen showed great
determination and made a strong up
hill fight.
Vesper "Eight" Is Successful.
PHILADELPHIA, Mav SO.— The sec
tmd annual regatta of the Rowing As
sociation over the Henley course on the
pchuylkill River to-day furnished
fwine good ex>ort. The feature of the
day "Was the eight-oared shell race
for the Stewards' cup. The Vespers
of this city carried off the prize after
a. hot race. The University of Penn
sylvania second varsity crew and the
eight of the Union Boat Club of Bos
ton rowed a dead heat .for second
prize. There were only four out-of
town entries in the eleven events and
rot one of them captured a first prize.
The course. was one and five-sixteenths
htiles straightaway. The Stewards'
AFsociation has decided to have next
year's regatta, but has not fixed the
date.
Model Yachts in Competition.
O. M. Forrest's sloop Plute carried
eff the honors at Spreckels Lake, Gold
en Gate Park, yesterday. This epecdy
model proved the fastest of the many
sloops measuring from 42 to 50 inches:
With the victory goes th'e silver cup of
fered by the directors of the San Fran
cisco Model Yacht Club. A favorable
vind prevailed and the time, both in
the trials and finals, was good.
The Pfute, owned by Forrest, finish'ed
first in the final race; the Santee, owned
by Todd & Adams, finished second; the
Fannie, owned by Collier Bros., third;
the Apache, owned by Roeckner, fourth,
and the Albatross, owned by Nelson,
fifth. The race was won by a small
margin, all of the boats finishing close
together.
Scotch Howlers on the Green.
Only one tournament match was
played by the Scotch bowlers on the
rinks at Golden Gate Park yesterday.
In this match T. Lattlmer beat A. B.
Haguire rather easily. The score was
21 to 10. Many of the regular attend
ants were absent, as the Caledonian
picnic took them out of town for the
day. The bowlers from Oakland were
expected over in the morning to play
an interclub tournament, but they did
rot appear. The local bowlers sent
two teams with four men in each over
to Oakland to try conclusions with the
cracks across the bay.
The best practice match at the park
•was a ' double between Dr. Hamilton
£.nd H, L. Tickner and John McLaren
and J. S. Webster. The former won by
a score of 21 to 12.
Champion Tltns Beaten Decisively.
NEW YORK. May 30.— Thousands of
spectators lined the banks of the speed
way course. Harlem, to-day, when the
thirty-eighth annual races of the Har
den riegatta Association ¦ were '• rowed.
AH tne events were one mile straight
away. The conditions were favorable,
weather, wind ar.d watpr being unex
ceptV»nally fine. The senior single scull
race showed conclusively that Titus,
the former champion, has seen his best
<izys In a rowing race. He was de
cisively beaten by Vcsely of the First
Bohemian Boat Club and could not
come up with him at any time in the
race, l .n fact he only defeated Feussel,
a local sculler, by a narrow margin.
Fatal Results of Walking Match.
PARIS, May 20.— Fatal results fol
lowed "Uie army walking match yes
terday from the Place de la Concord
to St. Gernntfne and back, twenty
tight miles. In which 2000 soldiers from
many regiments took part. Reports
receljred\by the Minister of War show
that fortv-two men are missing and a
number' tof them, are believed to have
Fuccumbed to hardships. Some reports
place the number of dead at four.
Will Not Defend Capo May Cup.
. LONDON. Mav 20.— The Royal yacht
squadron' has been obliged to decline
thr» challenge of Commodore Morton F.
Plant of the Larchmont Yacht Club
for the Cape May cup with his schoon
er-yacht Ingomar. because the Brit
annia, which won the Cape' May cup,
is too antiquated to defend it The
trophy, therefore, will be returned to
the New York Yacht Club. .
GIRL IS ARRESTED
ON INFANTICIDE CHARGE
Crime Alleged to Have Been Com
mitted by Former Employe of
Marysville Milliner.
MAHYSVILLE. May 30. — Leah
CovercJIIl. agred 16;years, was. arrested
to-night and charged with infanticide.
A few days ago the body of a strangled
babe was found in the woodshed of
the Coverdill home and the girl's
parents reported the case to the police.
An investigation is alleged to have
fastened the maternity of the infant
upon Miss. C6\ r erdill,- who until a few
w eeks ago was employed at a local
millinery store. The police are now
looking for the man concerned* in the
affair. BfiSBHKwH
YACHTS WHICH DISTINGUISHED THEMSELVES YESTERDAY IX CORINTHIAN* CLUB REGATTA, SAILED IN A PIPING BREEZE, WHICH TESTED AMATEUR TARS.
Sixth event— Nauman. 20; G. Sylvester. 13;
C. Sylvester, Daniels. Hoyt. Forster, Broderick,
F Ston* and E. Klevesahl. IS each.
Fifth event — N'auman. 20; Slade. G. Sylves
ter. Halght and Sears. 19 each; Ryan, Feuj
ner. Green. Broderick and Webb. IS each.
Fourth event — Nauman and R^ed. 20 each;
Varlen. Broderick and Sears. 19 each; Bar
ker. Green. Golcher. Forgter. Cate. F. Ston*.
E. Klevesahl and Karney. IS each.
Third event — Q. Sylvester. 13; Lowery,
Holdeclau. Potter, Webb. W. Hanson and Aah
lin. 13 each. .
Second event — Feudaer and Dani»!». 19 each s
Barker. Klncannon Carr, Iverson Webb, Sears
and Work 13 each.
First erent— Xanman, C. Sylvester Petrl#.
Hesse ami Wattles. 20 each; V«rten. Webb.
Sear* and Karney, 1» each; Feudner. Reed.
Klncnnon, Daniel*. Holdeclau. Frahra and
Iverson. 18 eaen.
The six general events were well con
tested, fifty-eight competitors nghtins
for honors. The high scores, made on
a basis of 20 shots for each contestant,
were as follows:
For the Bekeart cup the shooting
was as follows, each competitor hav
ing" 100 shots: Varien and Webb 96
each, Iverson 94, Broderick and Nau
man 92, G. Sylvester 91. Reed 85, F.
Stone 78.
For the- two day* of the tournament
the high scores are a* follows on a
basis of 240 birds e*ch: Nauman 219.
Webb and Broderick Sit «ach, Varlen
208. R. C. Reed 207.
The three-man team shoot was one
of the features of yesterday's work.
Nine teams were entered and tho
event was decided as follows: Golden
Gate (first team) 57 out of 60 birds.
Union (first team) 56, Union (second
team) 55, Golden Gate (second team)
53, Watsonville 51, Hercules 50. Fresno
47, Union (third team) 43, College City
40.
• ...
T.he last day of the .bluerock tour
nament under'the auspices of the Pa
clflp Coast Trap Shooters' Association
drew a . great crowd yesterday to In
gleslde of tbose Interested in the break
ing of inanimate targets. More than
9000 . /.'birds" were thrown from the
bulkhead*, 'and although the wind wai
strong, good scores* were made. Nau
man won the highest average with 113
breaks, Webb following with 10? and
Petrie being a close third with 106.
Sears and Holdeclau were fourth with
105 each.
6AX RAFAEL. May tfo.— A large
¦ r.umber of golfers played over the
Heppy Valley links to"-<iay for the
(.'ouncil's cup. The preliminary/ and
' BemWflnal rtfands were finished. In the
preliminaries C J. -Hooper, defeated IV
O. Howjtt. ; 4. up; .Carleton /Curtis:. de
feated D.-.E.'. Skinner;: 5 -up .and-.Yub
X>iay; Douglas * Hardy, .won fromvW. ."J:
McGreV/ 4 up and : 3; to /play; : JL vjl"
defeated C. Belden,-2 up. iln the
eemi-flnals Hooper • defeated Carleton"
Curtis, *1 «p and • Davis won I from
H»rdy. . . •• ' -" ¦ ¦'-
In the final round, which Is scheduled
for n*xt Saturday. Hooper and Davis
will compete These two goiters have
been In the finals three consecutive
Xlmes. Mr. Hooper won twice before
and it is believed h« will be victorious.
A nine-hole handicap tourney for
tromen was woa by Mrs. Prank S.
Sohnson.
' E. J. Hooper won the putting contest.
OAKLAND. May 20.— The Oakland
Golf Club held a handicap tournament
on the Piedmont links this afternoon.
The "winners were: First. Ernest R. F.
F"el£er; eeeonti, C. P. Hubbard; third,
William P- JLohnson; fourth, R. M.
Fitzgerald; fifth. Frank Kales. The
tournament was a thirty-six-hole hand
icap and among the players were Rev.
E. E. Baker. A. H. Higgins. Edwin
Goodall. Captain Minor Goodall. F. S.
J. O. C&dman, W. H. Harries,
V?. 2>t. Kales, Dr. A. M. Carpenter.
Grorge E. de Golla, Captain Edward
Taylor, Professor C. M. Gayley and Mr.
and Mrs. H. H. Sherwood.
Th« next tournament of the club will
be held on the. licks of the Claremont
Country Club, at -Rockridge Park, on
Uonday,' July 4.
Hooper &nd Davis Dis
play Class-on the \ ;
Good Scores Mark .the
Closing Day of.
• "• Tournament*
TWO PLAYERS
REMAIN FOR
FINAL ROUND
TRAPSHOTS
SMASH MANY
BLUE ROCKS
CO R IN T HI A N YAC HTS M EN VIE FOR HONORS IN EXCITING RACES ON BAY
•THE . SAN:,FRANaSCO ' CABU- TUESDAY, -MAY: 31, -1904.
5
YACHT.
Class.
fRaclnjr
Lengrth.
Feet. I
I -Time .
lAIlow'ce.
I M. S. -•-
Starting
-Time, d
p.. M. S.
Finishing | Elapsed
Time. I * Time. '
H. M. S. H. M. S.
Corr*cted
I Time.
H. M. S.
Pos'n
sla
Claxs.
o
1
W
•>
1
1 .
2
' 3 '
" 1 ¦'
4
1
Vixen.............
Ruby.'. . . . .'. . . . . • •"•
A capulco ...... r. ¦; . |
Discovery. . •". . r.V.»
Neva. .".... ; ..'.'. ...
Aeolus. . .7. . .."....<
Truant............
Emrai. ;...'.',
Edna..............
Presto.. "t'iTTiiXTH
Thelma... ........;
Speedwell. . . . . • . .".i
NUie. '...;..-..;...,
20- ft.
20- ft.
8pc'l.
25-ft.
25- ft.
30- ft.
30- ft.
36- ft.
36- fU
36- ft."
36- ft.
No. 1
Ko;l
18.81*
19.61 .'
23.04
21.02
27.65;
27.57 !
32.12
33.84.
30.08
35.65
36.82
40.57
. 1:08 fi
: Bt'nd $
: Sfnd I
. 1 :52 ;'
Sfnd -
, s-.OO ;
; 4:13 '
3:17,
«:82
Sfnd t
•3:4a
SfndT;
11:46:44
11:48:02
12:00:00
12:07:30
12:08:07
12:18:02
I2:ls:l«
12:29:48
12:27::»
12:26:50
12:28:23
12:36:25
12:36:43
12:56:50 1:10:06
12:48:50 l:02;48
2:36:20 2:36:20
2:13:14 2:05:36
2:08:10 ,2:00:03
-.2:51:25 2:33:23
*2:57:57; 2:30:41
•3:Ol:l« 2:31:30
2:57:35 2:30:00
2:60:11 2:23:21
.3:08:35, 2:40:06
2:57:56 2:21:31
2:53:50 2:17:11
1:08:52
1:02:48
2:36:20
2:05:30
1:58:11
2:33:23
2:39:32
3:27:17
3:26:43
.2:16:23
2:40:06
2:17:49
2:17:11
YACHT.
Class.
fRaclnjr
Lengrth.
Feet. I
I -Time .
lAIlow'ce.
I M. S. -•-
Starting
-Time, d
p.. M. S.
Finishing | Elapsed
Time. I * Time. '
H. M. S. H. M. S.
Corr*cted
I Time.
H. M. S.
Pos'n
sla
Claxs.
o
1
W
•>
1
1 .
2
' 3 '
" 1 ¦'
4
1
Vixen.............
Ruby.'. . . . .'. . . . . • •"•
A capulco ...... r. ¦; . |
Discovery. . •". . r.V.»
Neva. .".... ; ..'.'. ...
Aeolus. . .7. . .."....<
Truant............
Emrai. ;...'.',
Edna..............
Presto.. "t'iTTiiXTH
Thelma... ........;
Speedwell. . . . . • . .".i
NUie. '...;..-..;...,
20- ft.
20- ft.
8pc'l.
25-ft.
25- ft.
30- ft.
30- ft.
36- ft.
36- fU
36- ft."
36- ft.
No. 1
Ko;l
18.81*
19.61 .'
23.04
21.02
27.65;
27.57 !
32.12
33.84.
30.08
35.65
36.82
40.57
. 1:08 fi
: Bt'nd $
: Sfnd I
. 1 :52 ;'
Sfnd -
, s-.OO ;
; 4:13 '
3:17,
«:82
Sfnd t
•3:4a
SfndT;
11:46:44
11:48:02
12:00:00
12:07:30
12:08:07
12:18:02
I2:ls:l«
12:29:48
12:27::»
12:26:50
12:28:23
12:36:25
12:36:43
12:56:50 1:10:06
12:48:50 l:02;48
2:36:20 2:36:20
2:13:14 2:05:36
2:08:10 ,2:00:03
-.2:51:25 2:33:23
*2:57:57; 2:30:41
•3:Ol:l« 2:31:30
2:57:35 2:30:00
2:60:11 2:23:21
.3:08:35, 2:40:06
2:57:56 2:21:31
2:53:50 2:17:11
1:08:52
1:02:48
2:36:20
2:05:30
1:58:11
2:33:23
2:39:32
3:27:17
3:26:43
.2:16:23
2:40:06
2:17:49
2:17:11
->'; ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ _^
ROOTED IN THE BLOOD. M&& \
After the age of 45 or 50, when the vital powers are jffraL T T^u'mC '
naturally weaker, it is noticed that a hurt of any kind .j»**S"s|»
heals slowly, and often a very insignificant scratch or fj§fl?|**?3S^
bruise becomes a bad ulcer or sore. At this time of life §§f8figj^<is$3ii
warty growths, moles and pimples that have been on the 5^^^^H^?^^
body almost ,from birth begin to inflame and fester, and 'TiMrn|ff^jg^7f i '
before very long are large eating, sloughing ulcers. '
Wheneyerasoreorulceris DearSlr , s . I - haTe not wordl . tro ni enough ti
slow in healing then you may praise your great medicine. I had a ior»on nu
Via enro enmprhinc- i«s radical- *•** temple for several years. It would itch anc
be sure sometning is raaicai lmra . aad bleedf would acab over, but would
ly wrong ; witn your Diooa. never heal. The doctors pronounced It Cancer
q—,1 n iA taint nr noison that After taking S. 3. S. awhile the sore beg-an to dls<
bomeoiataini or poison inat ell d wh(m aU the po U<mon , mat ter hao,
has been slumbering there for passed out it healed. I took in all about thirtj
veart is beffinnine to assert bottle*, takinr itfonome time after it had en
years IS ¦]*^^*~ a *fi? tinl * Sealed. TUiwai about ten year, ago, anc
itself, and breaks out and be- 1 have seen no aien of it since. _„
comes a bad .ulcer and per- Oant, Audraia County, Mo. JOSEPHUS BEI1>
• haps the beginning of Cancer. These old sores are rooted in the blood, and
— , - - 1— ' _ while washes, soaps, salves, etc., keep the surface
l^^ g^H 0C^ clean, they are not healing. A blood medicine tc
V^y purify and strengthen the polluted blood, and a tonic
k^j KO|J h^/ to build up the general system is what is needed, anc
S»X s s 5 i s j ust sQcb a remedy. No poison is sopow
: erful and no germ so deadly that this great vegetable blood remedy cannoi
reach it, and ulcers of every kind quickly yield to its wonderful curativi
properties. Medical advice or any information you may desire will be givet
; by our! physician without charge. .*.._.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO; ATLANTA, CAai LOOSE LIVE WlKE. — For several hours
yeHterday • a : wire carrying ¦ 5000 . volts of elec
tricity - swung loose In < tne courtyard , of •: the
city Hall. .Fortunately no one came la contact
with It. ::¦:•-'
DRAGGED- BY A HOItSE.— Albert Harvey,
10 years of age. was probably fatally Injured
yesterday in a runaway accident.' He was em
ployed as driver I for a butcher. I and while : he
was climbing into the cart ' the r horse , took
fright and ran away, dragging ¦ him for half
a ¦ block. .: He sustained several - wounds ' and - a
probable fracture of the ckull.
SAN JOSE WOMAN'S CLUB
SELECTS NEW OFFICERS
Mrs. A. P. Murcotten Wins the Votes
• of the Members for the Position
of President.'
SAN JOSE, May 30.— The Woman's
Club has elected Mrs. A. P. Murgoi
ten president, for the en3ulng year.
She : succeeds Mrs. -\y. "c Kennedy.
Other ¦ ofilcers are as follows: Vice
president, -Mrs. Catherine Blngham;
directors— Mrs. T. Kirk,, Mrs. Hugh
Center,". Mrs. Fred". Bangs and Mrs, W.
•B. Hill, the latter, two being re
elected. Theother directors, who hold
over, are Mrs.'rJ.-W. Davy, Mrs. C. F.
Fleming, Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs." A. E.
Osborn and ' Mrs. W. • C. . Kennedy.
The president and vice president . are
ex-offlclo members of the board of di
rectors. V.-
BENEFIT FOR ST. JOHNS. — St. John'i
Parish was tendered a benefit last night <t,
Lyric Hall by the Calriwell College of Orator]
anJ Acting. Three hundred people attended tilt
performance. .
The annual' commencement exercises
of Sacred Heart ; College will ' be \ held
this evening in the Alharhbraj Theater.
Under the ; efficient : management of the
Brothers of the Christian Schools, Sa
cred. Heart College has for. upward , of
thirty years carried on., the £ work ".of
Christian education .. and^':, numbers
among its ¦' alumni ; scores of -prominent
priests of the archdiocese and many, of
the foremost »• professional \ men of - the
city and State. ..'
Sacred Heart Commencement. «
ST. LOUIS. May "30.— Miss Alice
Roosevelt and her friend, Miss Alice
¦Warder, and ; Miss Irene Catlin, whom
they are .visiting, brayed the rain to
day and visited the exposition. They
were entertained .at; luncheon' in the
west pavH^on by President Francis and
the members -of s his family. To-night
the 'German .national pavilion : was the
scene of splendor, ;being thronged with
invited ; guests in attendance upon the
first :' ball *j of ? the :' exposition, ; given in
honor *~ of : Miss ; Roosevelt ; by German
Commissioner. Lewald.
President's Daughter, and Friends Are
¦j Entertained at Exposition by"
i President Francis.
MISS ROOSEVELT VISITS
FAIR IN SPITE OF RAIN
LOS ANGELES, May 30.— While
the body, of Manuel Depinto, who was
killed by being" run over by a South
ern Pacific train, waa ; being" borne, to
the grave In ,a hearse to r day, ; the ve
hicle was struckl byj a trolley car. It
smashed the rear, .wheels and , caused
the horses attached t to it to . run away
for. a short distance. The casket re
mained' in the -vehicle. ... The 'funeral
procession . - was •' halted ; until ;. a ; new,
hearse' could be :¦ 'procured and : the
march t:> the cemetery resumed. U
Hearse in- Which a' Dead Man Is
; Carried Wrecked by a ir
HORSES MAKE TUMULT .
DURING THE FUNERAL
The driver of the cart then rushed
out of the hospital; and disappeared as
fast as possible.' Young: Dennis resides
with his mother at 257 Minna street.
Mrs. Creed says she understands that
the name of the driver was Schweitzer.
At first the. man declined to take the
injured boy -to '. the hospital, ' but the
crowd . raised such a howl of indigna
tion that he finally took him In the
cart and carried him down to the Pre
sidio General Hospital, where he
turned him over to ; Surgeon John H.
Allen. • ~ ¦-¦'¦.!.:. ".-
Mrs. W. M. Creed, with her own chil
dren and the injured boy, were ; walk-
Ing along the' drive, when, without any
warning, three men in a cart dashed
around the corner with the. horse go*
ing at a furious gait, and struck young
Dennis before he could get out of the
way." ';.•'. .~ ¦ • '• •• /. ¦ -"
Younc John Dennis Has His Leg
Broken Through - Recklessness of
v Unknown Man. " " '*¦ -•¦
.John Dennis,"" 12 years old, was run
over at the Presidio yesterday.' His
right leg was broken in two places.
The accident occurred on the lower
drive by. the cemetery Just after the
memorial exercises • had taken place.
The screams of the boy attracted a
tremendous crowd. \ .
"WASHINGTON, May 30.— An irriga
tion bulletin issued by the Census Bu
reau to-day places the total . area irri
gated' in California at 1,703,720 acres,
and 1 it is stated that remarkable pro
gress has been made in the State in ir
rigation since 1899. In 1902 there were
in operation' 6017 systems, with an ag
gregate of 7010 miles of main , canals
and ditches, the total construction cost
of which was $23,772,157. Irrigation was
reported on 20,404 • farms. The ", figures
show that in the number of irrigated
farms and the total construction cost
of - irrigation ¦ systems California ; holds
first rank, and In the total area Irri
gated the Golden \ State is second only
to Colorado. ! ; ' .
Ranks First in Number of
Farms Watered.
According to • Statistics • California
GOOD SHOWING ON THE ; '
" ... PROGRESS OF IRRIGATION
PHILADELPHIA, May 30.— An at
tack supposed to have been instigated
by anarchists has been made upon the
Rev. Antonio Isoeri, rector of the
Church of St. Mary MagJale dl Pazzi.
'During a pageant In honor* of the
church's patron saint a band of men
rushed to the priest's carriage, the lead
er leveling a revolver. He and three
others were captured by the police. and
the rest were driven off. The Italian
quarter was for a time wild with ex
citement and the crowd threatened
vengeance on the prisoners. The priest
had been warned by anonymous letters.
The cause for the attack Is not known.
These letters were communicated to the
police, who were on hand ( and frus
trated the attackers.
Anarchists Attempt to Kill Clergyman,
. V but Are Frustrated by
Police.
MURDEROUS ATTACK
MADE ON A PRIEST
Reopening of the Stables Is Delayed
Owing to the Intervention of
Holiday.
At a 'meeting of the Stable and Car
riage Owners' Association yesterday it
was decided not to carry into effect
the plan to 1 resume business to-day
owing to the fact that yesterday was a
holiday and the new men, engaged to
drive carriages, were unable to secure
their Radges, from the Tax Collector,
for which permits will be granted by
the Police Commission to-night.
To-morrow, however, the employers
expect to have all their vehicles, or at
least as many as are needed for regular
business, in operation. It l was an
nounced last night by representatives
of the Stable and Carriage Owners' As
sociation that the > various .establish
ments have all the men' they need and
a sufficient reserve force {to fill. what-,
ever vacancies • may occur, after the
carriages resume work to-morrow.
The boilermakers and. helpers of the
Santa' Fe road, upon w-hi.ch there has
been a strike' for several weeks, have
issued. a circular in which, they reiter
ate previous statements made regard-
Ing their position "and? conclude with
the declaration that they are satisfied,
that the railroad company is discrlm- .
inating against • organized labor and is
refusing employment to all union men.'
CARRIAGE OWNERS WILL
RESUME WORK TO-MORROW
Gettysburg.'
/ GETTYSBURG, MJay 30.— As the car
riage containing , the President. Mrs.
Roosevelt, Secretary Loeb and : Miss
Carew passed on its way to the ceme
tery during the Memorial day exer
cises to-day, a red-faced, man. ap
parently under the influence q/ liquor
rushed -out from the sidewalk on the
President's side of the • vehicle and
thrust his hand toward the carriage.
"Stand back!" cried Secretary Loeb,
but the man still came on with hia hand
outstretched and reached the side of the
carriage. His _ other hand. < Loeb
thought; might hold a weapon of some
sort, for it was in his pocket. .. „
The secretary, seeing his warning un
heeded, struck the man heavily on the
neck. The blow was , sufficiently pow
erful to pitch the disturber backward
over the ropes strung around the cor
ner of the sidewalk and he disappeared
in the crowd. ..
Cheeks Drunken Man's Attempt to
Reach the Roosevelt Carriage at '
PRESIDENTS SECRETARY
I -STRIKES A DISTURBER
BOY RUN DOWN BY HORSE
. DRIVEN AT FURIOUS. PACE
Memorial day was observed at the
Presidio by the usual impressive exer
cises. More than five thousand peo
ple were present during the 'ceremonies
and it is estimated that during the' flay
fully fifteen • thousand people visited
the national cemetery. The cemetery
never looked fresher, . brighter, ' or
greener. At the head of every grave
was placed an American flag, sur
rounded by a great wealth of floral
offerings. Not one grave was neglect
ed. The place resembled a beautiful
More Than Five Thousand People
Witness Impressive Ceremonies.
EXERCISES AT PRESIDIO.
Among the visiting veterans were
Senior Vice • Commander Colonel C.
Mason Kinne, Past Commander Rlley
of Colonel Ca.<ts Post No. 48, Com
mander Hernmn of Oscar F. Long
Garrison No. 101, Army and Navy
Union, And Commander John A. Dag
gett of John A. Dlx Post. San Jose.
The ' president of the corps, Mrs.
Bessie Johnson, and the commander
of the post, William F. Whittaker,
welcomed the guests graciously. There
was no set programme, but im
promptu songs and piano selections
rendered by Miss Kate McCormlck
and Mrs. Bowley added enjoyment to
the occasion, while to the entertain
ment committee and its chairman,
Mrs. Kate J. Wood, are due much of
the credit for the success of tne af
fair. , ¦•-'•
One of the most pleasant incidents
of the Memorial day celebration was
the luncheon given yesterday afier
noon by the Relief Corps to the mem
bers of General George . G. Meade
Post^No. 48, G. A. R., their families
and visiting veterans. The hall at 102
O'Farrell street was crowded with
guests all afternoon and ample Jus
tice was done to the spread of good
things that burdened the four tables.
Blusic Please Crowd of GuestA.
Enjoyable Lnncheon and Impromptu
VETERANS ARE ENTERTAINED.
almost beyond control. A ' comrade falls
groaning, with a great hole in his breast, an
other pitches forward without a sound and
lies quite still. The terror grows, they are
about to break for the rear, when sudden a» a
lightning flash all fear departs from them.
SEE THE FLAG ADVANCING.
They arc tha flag advancing on the right;
they bow their heads and bend their shoulders
to U.e Ftorm and they start for that wall of
rmoke. They are recruits no longer, they are
veterans.
And so through the long campaigns. March
ing all day and standing picket at night. Suf
fering from hunger and wounds and disease,
but bearloz • all for their country's sake. - I
saw tjiem crowning the heights of Lookout
Mountain. I saw them placing the pontoons
at . FredericksbuT^, I saw them lying In the
trenches all "those three dreary days at Get
tysburg. ' I. saw the terrible march to the sea.
I saw the withering storm In the Wilderness
and the end of battles at Appomattox. <
And when the last gray head of that gal
lant ¦ band had passed me I dried the tears
from my eyes and squared my shoulders to the
world. I took a new oath of fealty to my
country and registered again my vows of loy
alty to the flag.
: SINGING IS OF'IIIGII ORDER.
The singing of the Knickerbocker
Quartet was of a very high order. As
is usual, the firing of volleys over sol
diers' graves by a detail of United
States troops was the striking event of
the ceremonies and many in the great
throng were moved to tears. The final
number, "America," was sung in
chorus, In which every one present
ct6dd up and "joined in with spontan
eous accord. The mighty volume of
voices could be heard down at the
camp at- the Presidio.
Am<jng those \ that took an active
part in decorating the graves and were
in attendance during the ceremonies
were: George H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G.^ A. P..,_F. L.| Turpln, commander;
Associated Veterans of the Mexican
War, George Thlstleton commanding:
Woman's Relief Corps — Lincoln No. 3,
Garfield No. 21, Meade No. 61 and the
Ladles' Auxiliary to Reinhold Richter
Camp No. 127, S. A. W. Veterans.
The graves of the soldiers from Idaho
were decorated by H. M. Levy.
Just as the services were concluded
an old veteran, a member of George
H. Thomas Post No. 2, Grand Army of
the Republic, 'was laid to rest In the
northern end of the cemetery. -The ser
vices^R'ere of a very impressive char
acter and were rendered especially so
by' the, so ft music of the Third band,
Artillery Corps. Even after the exer
cises of the day-; were over crowds of
people . sat about under the trees In
the cemetery, while many families
moved to the beautiful woods adjacent,
where In a quiet manner they partook
of luncheon. A noticeable feature of
the day was the number of: little chil
dren present. All- brought flowers; and
the majority carried American flags.
The exercises of the day were not th*
REMEMBER NAVAL REROES.
Intcrcstlng, Ceremonies With Floral
Tokens on the Sea.
: ;The beautiful and impressive cere
mony of screwing floral tokens on the
bosom of the ocean, in whose calm
depths naval r heroes are at rest, was
conducted yesterday by the shipmates
of Phelps Squadron No. 12,'. TJnited
States Veteran Navy. The army trans
port tug Slocum was placed at the dis
position of the veterans and their
friends, and a few minutes after 7
o'clock steamed away from the Fol
som-street dock flower laden and with
colors floating to the breezes. .
The Slocum carried about 200 passen
gers, and music was furnished by the
United States Marine band of Yerba
Buena station. As the craft steamed
down the bay patriotic airs were play
ed, and when the party arrived at the
Golden Gate the' ceremonies com
menced. Seats bad been provided on
the Btern of the craft, and when the
tug swung about' Just outside the en
trance to the harbor Captain Thomas
A. Nerney, who acted as master ot
ceremonies, called attention, anf. the
band rendered the first musical num
ber, on the programme." Shipmate C.
M. Price delivered an opening prayer,
and the Sons of Veterans' quartet, con
sisting of Miss E. A. Wolfram, Mrs. W.
F. Buswell, D. D. Wolfram and J. Orr,
sang "Lead, Kindly Light."
¦ Captain F. G. Wisker delivered an
address, which was as follows:
i Shipmates, we are assembled to-day to honor
our heroic dead. The duty of this hour is of
Impressive significance; by It we are reminded
that the sacrifices of our fellow shipmates have
not been In vain; that we have a united coun
try strengthened by the memory of experience
common to us all; that we /inculcate with a
comprehensive realization the preceptlon that
there Is no North or South, no Kast or West —
but one . common country and flag, and em
phasize to the world the great principles of
patriotism. - '
Men of union and national Integrity died
that the. country might live; that the grand
inheritance ' bequeathed to us by our fore
fathers might remain unbroken; that the union
of all must be one and Indivisible. -
And now, as we gather , within the ¦ sounds
of the. waves which were In life the hero's
joys, and In 'death his shroud; as we strew
garlands of earth's fairest adornments upon
the billow* In tender memory of our heroic
dead, let us recall their, virtues, their priva
tions, their fidelity to duty, and pray that the
country for whose supremacy they died, shall
live until time shall be do more.
At the conclusion of Captain Wlti-
I saw the ooya for the first time under flro
in front of them a few hundred yards away,
only a wall of smoke and around them the
bullets pattering like raindrops in the dust.
A great terror comes over them, a fear that is
I heard the. roll of the drums and saw the
flags unfurled^ I saw the boys in blue march
out with swinging step at their country's call.
And I felt, too, something of the pain of
those that were left behind. ' For' I heard the
mother's sob, : I saw the sister's tears and I
knew the *e' tied anxiety . that dwelt in the
father's heart. , : .. ¦ •
HEARD THE ROLL OF DRUM.
I stood on (.'« s.'<«*t this Memorial day and
raw the veterf n Site march past and the tears
welled again I o my eyes and a lump grew
large In my throat, for I saw as In review the
events of '61. V
He opened his remarks by calling at
tention to the meaning of Memorial
day, then drew a picture of the gather
ing of the storm clouds of war from
the time of the constitutional conven
tion in 1787 fiown to the bursting ot the
cyclone in 'W and '6L Speaking of the
trials endued by the soldiers of the
Civil War. Ue said:
The oration of the day was delivered
In a powerful manner by John D.
Gish. It was listened to with rapt at
tention.
Following was the programme, which
was splendidly carried out and atten
tively: listened to by the immense con
course of people:
Firinir of minuta Runs. Fifth Artillery, U. S.
A.; muric. Third Artillery Band, U. 3. A.;
remarks by chairman of the day, F. L. Tur
pln <pont commander George H. Thomas Post);
invocation. R. It. Bigelow (chaplain George 11.
Thomas Post); vocal, "Tha Field >• of the
Grounded Arms" (Longfellow-Parks), Knick
erbocker Quartet; Lincoln's Gettysburg ad
dress. Comrade C. II. Minn; muaic, selections.
Third Artillery Band. U. 8. A. ; oration, Joht.
D. Gtah; vocal. "Mustered Out" (Maupln),
Knickerbocker Quartet; "America," by assem
blage of people.
garden filled with the choicest buds
and blossoms. The soldiers belonging
to the post brought hundreds of beau
tiful, wreaths, which they added to the
flowers that were contributed by the
school children of the city.
The ceremonies were of a most Im
pressive chqractfcr. Tne procession
which came out from town was met
at 10:30 a. m. at the gates of the Pre
sidio by Colonel Edward A. Godwin,
having under his command four troops
of -.'the' Ninth cavalry, the Twenty
ninth, Sixtieth, Sixty-fifth.'? .Sixty-sixth,
Sixty-seventh and. Seventieth batter
ies Coast Artillery, and the First Field
Battery, Captain . C. . H., Bennett . com-:
manding. Led by the Third Artillery
Corps band, the stately procession! fol
lowed by Colonel W. L. Pitcher and
two battalions of the Tenth and Twen
ty-eighth infantries,' together with rep
resentatives of camps aniJ posts of the
Grand Army, of the Republic, slowly
wended its way to the cemetery.
PROGRAMME WELL RENDERED.
ker's address the band gave another
selection and Chaplain P. H. Mass de
livered a patriotic oration. The speaker
reviewed the gTeat naval encounters
which have led to the nation's victory
since Independence was declared.
He spoke feelingly of the heroic dead
and of their loyalty to their land. When
he had finished the audience, led by
the quartet, sang "America." and Mrs.
Charles M. Price was called upon foi
a recitation, "Memorial Day."
Then, under the direction of Com
mander John J. Foley of the Phelpa
Squadron, the strewing of the flowers
and the firing of the minute guns bo
can. The band played a solemn air,
and while -the twenty-one guns mak
ing the national salute were being
fired those on board dropped garlands
and fragrant flowers to the surface of
the sea. At the sound of the first gun
a flag-mounted tripod w*as lowered and
released from' the stern of the vessel,
where it bobbed about on the waves.
When the tokens had been disposed of
the Lord's prayer was recited by th*.
chaplain and "taps" sounded by Lieu
tenant Arthur McKee. Then the Slo
cum started homeward, stopping first
at the Presidio and then at the Trans
port dock.
only attractive feature, as was evi
denced by the immense throngs of
people that visited the cemetery in the
afternoon bringing floral offerings in
commemoration of the day. The
weather was soft and mild and the day
perfect. \
The .Rev. Mr. Adams' address was
followed by a second selection by Miss
Hassenmuller. "The Silent Grand
Army." Then came the most impressive
feature of the day, the strewing of
flowers on the soldiers' graves. The
aged men who compose the Grand
Army of living veterans scattered blos
soms over the remains of the 1 mem
bers of the Grand Army of the dead,
while many an eye in the throng or
onlookers was wet with tears of sym
pathy. This ceremony was followed by
the firing of volleys over the graves,
this being done by a firing party of
veterans from Lincoln Post. "Amer
ica" and "The Star Spangled' Banner"
were sung by the entire company, the
band leading, and the ceremonies
closed with the sounding of tapsjiy a
bugler from the Presidio.
At the other cemeteries within the
city and in San Mateo ! County the
decoration of graves was intrusted to
smaller parties of veterans from the
several Grand Army posts who were
assisted by committees of citizens.
Everywhere the cemeteries were
thronged by crowds' of men, women
and children, paying fitting tribute to
the dead.
FLOWERS, VOLLEYS, TAPS.
mandlng more than Its share of territory and
eetfclng to control the nation. The question had
to be fought out. So men marched from all
over the North year after year, and the task
was accomplished. "We were not fighting cow
ards, as we soon found out. but our own
brothers — men as brave as we were — and the
struggle was long and bloody. But it f u i
n«»cea!«ary etruggle. The North and bouth
were righting to get together in one Inseparable
nation. Well might President McKIniey. when
he was so royally welcomed in the South, ex
claim: "Thank God, . we are all together
again'" 1 recall the remark of a member of
the Grand Army the other day. He said to me:
-Don't talk or 'these United States.' Say 'this
United 6tat«#.' It Is one country. That Is
what the war was ; for and what It -. accom
plished. •
The spirit of liberty planted by our fore
fathers and watered by trie blood of our buried
comrades still lives to meet the problems of
to-day, just as it has met those ot the past.
We live in a land bought at a great price.
Your work waa not In vain.
Surviving Heroes of Many JHard-Fought Battlefields Gather . at the Graves of Their Departed
Comrades to Extol Their Deeds and Honor Their Memory.
SCEXES AT THE PRESIDIO WHEN SOLDIERS AXD RETIRED VETERANS GATHERED IX TIIE NATIONAL CEMETERY TO PAY TRIBUTE TO DEPARTED COilRADES.
All these people that fled from different
countries speaking different languages and
holding different beliefs, had a common object
in ccming to our shores. They sought liberty
They wanted room to think as they pleased
acd to ro\-ern their own acts.
Remember that tn every instance these
classes of cur forefathers were the richest and
he-it blood of the peoples that drov* them out.
They were not the offscourings of Europe, but
its strongest etock. The love of freedom that
I rout lit tJi'-m to the. eastern coast, of America
could not but grew and strengthen In the new
land where tbry were let alone by the home
Government. So In' a few years they were
«-stab!i*hfug legislative assemblies In the most
of tfae rohiniis to regulate their own affairs.
lint with the very beginning of this. school
of liberty cam* the seeds of a great conflict.
In the year 1C20.' when the Pilgrims mere land
ing at Plymouth, a shipload of slaves reached
Jamestown, Va. Slavery was an Incident of
th« industrial situation, and not originally a
contradiction of tae America'n love of liberty.
The Virginians battled side- by Ride with the
men of Mat**&chui>elts for independence from
England. The' New England colonists owned
flares and trafficked In them.' Sach section was
to blame for slavery, and for the civil- war
that It bred. But " the rplrlt of freedom was
wa strong In the United 8uUs that, as Lincoln
•aid. it . was "impcmKlble for thi>> : nation , to
endure one-half tree and one-half slave."
Slavery became an aggresslv* fores, ; de*
A SCHOOL OF LIBERTY.
It is well for u* to have. teen born In this
country or who have be^n brought here In
comfortable -ships from foreign lands to pause
to-day and ask how America came to be a
land of such freedom as we • enjoy. Th«
founders of the American colonies were al
most without exception men- crowded out of
Knc-land. Scotland. Germany or France The
Pilgrims and Puritans came to New England
because they could not find room In England
to worrhlp according to the dictates of con
science. The same reasons brought Catholics
to Maryland and the Quakers to Pennsylvania.
Th» fall of the Stuart monarchy drove thousands
of loyal Scots to America. The wars of Louis
XIV tn Germany seut over hosts of Germans.
The revocation of the edict of Nantes planted
Gecrgia, the Carolina* and all th» coast north
ward with nuguenots.
The parade was reviewed at Geary
street by Colonels Pitcher and O'Neil
and by Grand Marshal Whiteside. The
commands then separated, the regular
troops going to the Presidio and taking
part in the ceremonies at the National
Cemetery there, while the members of
the Grand Army posts took cars on
the Gearv and Sutter street lines for
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where cere
monies were held at the Grand Army
plat.
AT ODD FELLOWS' CEMETERY.
A great company of citizens and vet
erans assembled early at the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery. Almost every one
brought flowers. Here and there an
aged woman's trembling hand tenderly
clasped a cluster of roses or violets as
she leaned on the arm of a stalwart
son. whose father had battled in the
great conflict of the sixties. Litue
children carried blossoms to strew on
the graves of heroes they had never
seen. * Groups of pupils from the pub
lic schools, led bv their teachers, dec
orated cany a grave that to them was
only an unknown soldier's last resting
place. Grateful hearts united to pay
tribute to patriotism.
When the posts of the Grand Army
reached the cemetery they formed and
marched to the Grand Army plat, keep-
Ing slow step to strains of solemn
music by the Tenth Infantrv band,
while minute guns were fired by a bat
tery from the Fifth Artillery stationed
near by. The exercises were opened
by W. E. Estes, chairman of the day,
who Introduced the Rev. J. A. B.-Wil
son, who offered the invocation. "The
Old Flag Forever" was sung by the
California Quartet, after a brief ad
dress by Chairman Estes on the pur
poses of the celebration, and then Miss
H.' J. Hassennruller read President
Lincoln's Gettysburg address.
The oration of the day was delivered
by Rev. George C. Adams, who said in
part:
United Etatr* troops. Lieutenant Colonel W.
L. Pitcher commanding; bataJlicn of Tenth In
fantry. Major Moon: battalion of Twenty
<-irhtii Infantry, Major Griffith; First Field
Eattery. Ciptatn C. H. Bennett, Artillery
Con*, commanding.
?econ<3 J'.-ijr.i'i'-. N. G. C, Colonel Thomas
K. O'Neil commanding.
Company D, Naval Militia, Captain G. ' W.
Eauer commending.
Columbian Park H-ys' Club, Major Sidney S.
Polxotto commanding.
Reinhcld Uichter Camp No. 127, 6. A. W.
Veterans. Captain Huber commanding.
<J«]«ral Nelscn A. Miles Camp No. — , Cap
tain ';¦'•:» C. King commanding.
Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. K., W. E. Estes
commander.
Garfleld Pott No. 34, G. A. It.. J. H. Hilton
conv.na&der.
lleade Post No. 4S, G. A. R., W. F. Tooth
itker commander.
Associated Veterans of the Mexican War,
George Thistleton commanding.
Lincoln Camp No. 16, Sons of Veterans, D. 8.
Cahen commander. %
Fair Oak* Camp No. 15. George S. Gould
cemma rider.
Ban Franciscans paid a loyal tribute
to the nation's dead yesterday, when
citizens joined-heartily with the regu
lars and soldiers of_the State In the
beautiful observances of Memorial day.
Nature favored the occasion with a
clear eky and cool all? — invitations that
drew thousands to all th« cemeteries
to assist in the simple but impressive
honors at the graves of those that fell
In defense of the flag.
The familiar eight of tha Grand Army
man In his uniform of blue and his
post bafiges was seen early on the
streets. Then came throngs of men,
women e.ixd children, flower-laden and
hastening to the cemeteries. The flower
chops and the street flower markets
had a great trade, crowds of customers
waiting in line to make their choice of
California's most fragrant blooms as
their tribute to the brave. On all the
cars west bound these flowers were car
ried to the burial places, and not a sol
dier's grave in any cemetery failed to
receive its chare of fragrant, bright
hued blossoms.
Meanwhile the military parade was
organizing on Van Ness avenue, at Mc-
Allister street. The turnout of regu
lars and National Guardsmen was in
tended rather as an escort of honor to
the veterans of the Grand Army of the
Republic than as an Imposing military
demonstration, but the spectacle, as
usual, drew its crowds of interested
witnesses and the short parade up the
avenue to Geary street was well man
aged and effective. In the throngs of
onlookers that lined the thoroughfare
nearly every woman and child, with
many of the «terner sex. bore bunches
of flowers' in the hands, later to be
carried to the cemeteries. Everywhere
it was a day of flowers.
PAST AND PRESENT SOLDIERS.
The participants in the parade were
as follows: ''¦*;¦;
Platoon of mounted police. Captain John
£r>illane commanding; grand marshal. Major
J. A. Whitpslde; chief of staff. George 6te-
Vfns; aldt Captain C. H. Woodward, Lincoln
Tc*t, G. A. «.. and IT. B. Smith. George P.
'"athelin. Henry M. Levy and W. F". Cunning
hum or the Veteran* of the Spanish-American
¦War.
The "Star Spangled Banner'-- was
prettily sung bv Miss Florence Ray
field, a girl of twelve, and the meeting
closed with the singing of "America 1 :
by.theentlra audience, the gray-haired
veterans leading mc-st heartily.
Tou are right, my friends, this is true Amer
icanism. Ws fought the greatest war in his
tory to write It deep in the laws and prin
ciples of our nation, and the people of this
sountry. North and South, mean It- shall stay
there. They- are ot one mind In their deter
mination that tMs question, once settled, shall
stay settled. Tn>*~ question of free labor v.aj
the cause of the war, and the conflict, de
cided that all worklngmen In America must
be free. (Cheers.) But if we must hare an
other war to mak* this plain, then millions
of tree men will shoulder their guns and ga
forth gladly i to preserve the foundations of
our Government. We must hav> every man
protected In his liberty or we shall have no
country, no nation, no free government. (Pro
longed applause.)
I pray that my country may never hav* an
other war. But. after all. we gained much
by this combat. We have settled some things
that greatly needed determination before liber
ty could be firmly established In this country.
One of the things settled by the eivtl war was)
that labor in America should forever b« freo.
(Applause).
THE WAR MADE LABOR FREE.
This question was the final cause of the war.
Though the South held that labor was dishon
orable, a thing for slaves, the North was de
termined that Us free worklngrrien should no>
longer be subject to th« stigma of Southern re
proaches and the shameful disadvantage of
slave competition. Lincoln correctly appraised
the situation on the eve of the conflict, when
he declared that for one-half of the nation tr>
be slave and the other half free was no longer
endurable; the United States must all become
free or all slave. . .
I robd the other day a debate in the United
States Senate during the early fifties In which
those able, bitter Southern Senators. Tbomba.
and Xancey, contended that there could be nu>
proper dignity In a community where a wait."
man put his hand to manual labor, and that
because labor .was left In tha South «o th»
blacks that section was destined to be dominant
in this nation. (Laughter.)
Senator Dodge of Iowa replied: "I have al
ways believed." he said, "that civil war wa»
Impossible in this country, but after hearing
the declarations Just uttered here I am con
vinced that civil war is inevitable. I for one
am here to testify that all my life 1 hav»
gladly put my hand to manual .labor, and not
only did I deem myself honored thereby, but
I received the respect ! ot my neighbors for
it." And Senator Broderick^of C»U*>rnla was
even more emphatic in pointing ou/ the Irrec
oncilable difference between the wctlona on
the question of free labor. "Standlhg in this
chamber." be declared, "and looking at thea«
nobly carved pillars that support this great
roof, how can I alt still and hear labor u<-*
nounced when I remember that my father was
a stonemason In New York 7" (Great applause. >
This irreconcilable difference no longer ex
ists. The war . han brought our country rr.cn
of the South to the same point of view with
us regarding the dignity of labor and the
necessity of Its freedom. Let It bring us to
the same point of view regarding the right of
every man to work free from the dictation of
any other man or of any . million of men.
(Prolonged cheer* and cries of ••That's t;us
Americanism. ">
The theater was beautifully decorat
ed with flags, flowers and evergreens.
On the stage were many handsome
floral pieces presented by women,
friends of the local posts. Among
the well known Grand Army men that
occupied chairs c-n the stage were A.
D. Cutler, chairman of the evening;
Ckflonel C. Mason Kinne. senior vlco
commander of the Grand Army; ex-
Judge Henry C. Dibble, Colonel John
P. Irish. Post Commander F. L. Tur
pin of George H. Thomas Post, Gener
al E. S. Salomon. Major J. A. White
side, Horace Wilson, John Vlning.
Samuel Carpenter. G. H. Johnson. Dr.
J. G. Crawford, Senior Vice Depart
ment Commander Stoner, P. H. Mass,
Judge R. R. Bigelow, George C. King,
General John F. Sheehan, D. A. Bend
er. John C. Burns, George P. McCord.
E. W. Woodward. J. H. Coburn. Louis
M. McCall. Rev. J. H. Macomber,
chaplain U. S. A., retired; Rev. J. B.
McQuade and Frank Smith.
The exercises were opened with the
playing of national airs by the orches
tra of the First Regiment. N. G. C.
Chairman Cutler then Introduced the
Rev. Father J. B. McQuade, who offer
ed an eloquent invocation, calling 1 for
the divine blessing upon the surviving
patriots who had defended their coun
try In time of danger. Longfellow's
"Sail On. O Ship of State." was well
sung by the Elks' quartet to the music
of Kratz. A letter from Mayor Schmitx.
who was on the programme for an ad
dress, was read. The Mayor regretted
his inability to be present. He ex
pressed hl3 sympathy with the objects
of the meeting and hia admiration for
the Grand Army and the heroic work
it represented. Two charming vocal
selections. "Till We Meet Again" and
"I Sing Because I Love to Sing." were
rendered by Miss Minnie E. Hussey
and Mrs. R. L. Partington, who were
rewarded with well earned applause.
Lincoln's Gettysburg address was read
by Comrade Dr. J. G. Crawford of Lin
coln Post. V*
ADDRESS BY COLONEL. IRISH.
The oration of the evening was an
eloquent and moving address by Col
onel John P. Irish. Received with great
applause and frequently interrupted by
cheers. Colonel Irish spoke of the
causes and meaning of the Civil War,
with especial reference to the bearing
of its lessons upon present day prob
lems. No part of the address was
more heartily cheered than its declara
tion of the right of every man to labor,
even though others declared he should
not. The speaker said in part:
It is ;l great pleasure to speak of men and to
tr.en wljose deeds are written In the book of
glory. ' Next spring forty years will hav»
passed since our great civil struggle closed,
and the division of those on the other side of
the line 1» already larger than the division on
this side. In a little while there will be no
Grand Army of the Republic. Will the mem
ory an<l services of the men who fought th«
civil war be treasured when that time comes?
It Is' a solemn question and cno of. vital Im
portance to this nation.
That civil war of ours was the greatest com
bat In modern history. In spirit It was a no
ble conflict and it was nobly fought out to
conclusions of lasting value. The ignoble fea
tures of the conflict were mostly confined to
the civilians who remained at hcme both in
the North and In the South i.id abused, and
misconstrued the motives anj acts of the other
ride. The soldiers of the North and th» sol
diers of the South bad no rancor toward on*
another. They had proved the valor of their
adversaries and were ready to testify to the.
bravery with which their opponents fon?ht for
what they deemed right. If all the political
questions growing—out of the war could havs
been left for settlement to the men who fought
it they would have been solved more quickly
and have left fewer scars.
The Grand Army of the Republic
closed its noteworthy observance of
Memorial day with a great mass meet
ing last evening that filled every seat
at the Alhambra Theater. Hundreds
were turned away because of the po
lice prohibition against standing In the
aisles. In spirit as well as In volume
it was one of the heartiest demonstra
tions of patriotic enthusiasm even seen
in San Francisco.
Gray Haired Troops
Pass Along in
Review.
Says It Was Fought
to Give Labor
Freedom.
Regulars and Guards
Escort Marching
Survivors.
Well -Known Orator
Tells What the
War Settled.
THOUSANDS
CHEER THE
OLD HEROES
GRAND ARMY
LISTENS TO
COL. IRISH
WAR VETERANS PAY LOYAL AND LOVING TRIBUTE TO NATION'S DEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1904.
6SACRAMENTO, May 30.— -Governor
Pardee to-day appointed E: W. '-Holmes
of Riverside to be : Supervisor of ; the
Second District. of that .county, -vice
Dr. C. W. Craven, who resigned. *
Governor Names a Supervisor.
For visitors to the World's Fair. to see
the - East. Reduced rates to New York
and other. Eastern cities are now In ef
fect, j via Pennsylvania • Lines,
through" eith«r ' Chicago" or St. Louis.
Tickets * to New. York» and Philadelphia
are good via Washington, allowing: ten
days at the national capital. > Stopovers
are also allowed at Baltimore and Phila
delphia. ', For particulars, ask E: M. Pora
eroy, P. C A.. 621 Market street A Sari
Francisco, CaL' ' ' •
An Excellent Opportunity
Captain , Dnndon's Timber .Preserv
ing Plant at Everett Destroyed
• ' by a Fire.
EVERETT. Wash., May • 30.— The
Puget Sound Timber Preserving Com
pany's plant • at Lowell" burned , to the
ground to-day. The plant Ls owned
by Captain P. F.Dundon of San Fran
cisco, whose loss will reach $20,000.
SAN FRANCISCAN LOSES
PROPERTY IN WASHINGTON
WIDOW OF GARFIELD •
TAKEN TO THE SEASIDE
Physician , Advises Removal From
Pasadena . Because of Prominent
Woman's Failing Health.
• LOS ¦ ANGEXiES, May 30.— The con
dition \ : of. Mrs. James A. '¦'-. Garfleld,
widow of President Garfleld, who has
The work of the California Fruit Distribu
tors is solely to distribute the fruit so as to
make the business of handling California fruit*
ln the East safe for jobbers and retailers and
ln California to secure to fruit growers a fair
living profit. This can only be done by pro
tecting Eastern dealers from glutted markets.
In which fruit values are invariably sacrificed.
The grower of the fruit is most directly tn»
loser ln such cases, but all ln any way con
nected with the business also lose ln some
measure. With better service, which the Santa
Fe competition will compel this year, the car
arrivals will be so regular that far better dis
tribution can be made to the advantage ov
every one. . . . ¦¦, ¦ ¦
It in true that all of the members except
the California Fruit ' Exchange will probably
Ehfp over the Southern Pacific Railroad and In
Armour cars, as they have a perfect rig-ht
to do if they wish. But it Is well understood
that thla exchange (Which is represented upon
the hoard of directors and the board of man
agers of the distributors) will ship a portion
of its fruit In Santa- Fe refrigerators; over
Santa Fe rails and no intimation has been re
ceived J*om the distributors that w« should
do otherwise. - ' ¦ •-¦ . , ,
It has been freely reported that the distrib
utors will refute to gtve any business to tha
Santa Fe this season. This is not correct. The
California Fruit Distributors have no business
to favor one car line or railroad more than
another and do not.
SACRAMENTO. May 30.— The alleged
contest of the transportation companies
for the fruit business this season is at
tracting considerable attention among
the fruit people. A. R. Sprague, man
ager of the California Fruit Exchange,"
says that some erroneous statements
have been made about the situation.
Continuing he said:
REDDING, Cal., May' SO.— With a
roar that sounded like the explosion of
a charge of dynamite and that rever
berated, through the entire plant, fur
nace No. 1 in the Mountain Copper
Company's smelter at Kea«ick blew up
at 11:30 o'clock this morning. The fur
nace was completely wrecked and five
men were Injured by the explosion. One
of them. Everett Blair, died at 4:30
this afternoon, and another, D. Baws
field, Is expected to die. The other In
jured men are: H. Hawkins, charge
dumper, body and head burned; T. Gia
cono, charge wheeler, badly burned;
D. Blesecker, charge wheeler, burned
about the head, body and arms.
The furnace was tapped this morn
ing. That means that all of the molten
metal had been drawn off and the fur
nace ; was empty apparently. As soon
as the tapping was finished j Bawsfleld
and Blair, who. were employed as pipe
fitters for the Mountain Copper Com
pany, started » to^ work repairing the
furnace 'and fitting new pipes. Haw
kins, Giacono and Biesecker were near
the furnace attending to their duties
of disposing of the metal.
Just ; as Bawsfleld v and . Blair had
begun work tnere was a terrific ex
plosion and the ' entire furnace blew
out. g Blair: and Bawsfleld were hurled
for a considerable distance and the
charge dumper and wheelers weiP
knocked rfully fifteen feet. Blair and
Bawsfleld were , caught beneath heavy
pieces of the furnace. .
The noise of the explosion brought
hundreds. of workmen to the spot ana
the -injured men were hastily; picked
up and " carried to the company's hos
pital. For a time it "was thought some
one had" thrown .a stick of dynamite
into the 'smelter, but V-hat theory, gave
way when an Investigation ;was . made.
Some of the : workmen . accidentally
threw' water. Into- some molten metal
that remained in the furnace after th«
tapping , and so caused .the disaster.
The damage to the company will be in
the. neighborhood of; $3000."
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN" JOSE. May 30— An inqucat h»!d to
day on the body of Rafael Alviio. a, piooear.
who was found dead in his bathroom yester
day, resulted ln a wrdlct that ho bad di«d
from rupture of ths heart.
Five Men Employed in a
Smelter at Keswick A*re
Injured and One Dies
Manager of California Fruit
Exchange Corrects Reports
About Eastern Shipments
LONDON. May 30. — King Edward
deceived Captain J. S. Marian, U. S. N.,
in private- audience to-day. The King
expressed his deep* appreciation of the
captain's contributions to the naval
history of the world.
CAPTAIN" 3IAHAN IS
RFXEIVED BY KING
LIFE IS LOST
IN EXPLOSION
TWO RAILROADS
WILL BENEFIT
F. Martin Miller, a well-known
Washington correspondent, is the
author of the Hitt boom. It is an il
lustration of how a great fire is kindled
by a small blaze or something like
that. Mr. Miller was in need of a story.
He had noted the wistful desire of the
Republican party for a Vice Presiden
tial candidate of proper character, and
that especially from the State of Illi
nois. The Illinois convention was
about to be. held, and if the man .was
to be found he mst be found quickly.
Cannon and : Cullom had refused. Mil
ler knew Hitt personally and the name
came to mind. He was Just right. A
man of prominence must be found who
would launch him. Miller visited Sen
ator Cullom and he agreed as to the
quality of the candidate, but ** said - he,
Cullom, had already spoken out for
Fairbanks, and they being Senators to
gether he could not retract. At some
considerable pains Miller sought and
found Secretary Shaw, who had ac
quired something of a habit of an
nouncing candidates. Secretary Shaw
paid. "Why, yes; certainly, he is Just
t,he man," and with- that Miller went
away and telegraphed his story to his
paper — "Secretary Shaw nominates
Congressman Hitt, of Illinois," and so
it started on its hurried rounds. Mr.
Hitt got a batch of telegrams a foot
deep next day from his townsmen and
from the lights of politics the country
over, congratulating him and asking if
he would stand for it. Newspaper men
interviewed him at every street corner,
"Would he stand for It?" and - they
published their stories under big head
lines: "He will! He will!" And that's
how it came about. .The idea had Just
come to Miller when he met Mrs. Hitt
entering the gallery ' of- the House of
Representatives, and he said to her.
"I'm going to nominate your, husband
for the Vice Presidency," and she
laughed at what she thought ' was a
pleasantry— a pleasant bit of gallantry.
But a good many people are betting on
Hitt now. ,
HOW HTTTS BOOM BEGAN'.
the men were ignorant of which dish
before them contained the poison, but
It soon appeared that this had an ef
fect upon the mind that caused the
stomach to refuse all food. Then the
plan of administering the poison in
capsules was adopted. The amount fed
to the soldiers in Cuba formed the reg
ular dose. The experiment came to an
end last -week and the men, in various
stages of wrecked health, are trying to
get rid of the poison in their blood.
The men were examined three times a
day during the whole period and the
results, carefully noted, are said to
fully justify all that has been "done.
The curious part of the experiment is
that the suffering volunteers do not
get even the cheap notoriety that us
ually forms the incentive to this sort
of sacrifice, their names being held
secret.
Charles Henry Booth of Xew Jersey
Passes Away at the Age of
100 Years.
NEW YORK. May 30. — Charles
Henry Booth of Englewood. N. J..
who was considered the oldest life
insurance policy holder in the world,
is dead. He was born in Stratford.
Conn., and celebrated his one hun
dredth birthday last September. He
took out his policy in February. 1843.
OUDEST UFE INSURANCE
POLICY HOLDER DEAT>
been removed frorn her home in Pasa
dena to the seaside town of Carpin
teria because of ill health, is not seri
ous. Her physician simply advised
the present trip to the seashore as be
ing beneficial to her general health.
Mrs. Garfleld Is 72 years of age. She
is accompanied by her daughter, Mrs.
Stanley Brown.
Dr. Harvey Wiley, at the head of the
bureau of chemistry of the Agricultural
Department, is immensely pleased with
the results of the curious and heroic
experiment he has been carrying on
since the first of January— feeding a
dozen young men poison by way of
testing the capacity of the human
Etomach for preset /ed food. The ex
periment was suggested by the denials
of the packers that the chemicals used
were harmful. The dozen young men
who volunteered for the sake of sci
ence — one from the Columbian Univer
sity, one from the Georgetown Univer
sity, the others from the chemical lab
oratory of the bureau — have been
served with the very best the market
affords, prepared by a good cook in an
improvised kitchen and dining-room in
the basement of the Agricultural build
ing. The dishes were dosed with sa
licylic, sulphuric or benzole acid poi
sons. A few of the men have suffered,
considerably from the experiments.
Two of the original volunteers gave up
early in the experiment and their
places were taken by others. At first
POISON TESTS SUCCESSFUL.
This Incident of tearing down so
costly a building because it was ugly
and v offended a neighbor Is suggestive
of a policy pursued by many property
owners of the capital city — most of
them non-resident. Washington is a
city of palatial residences, or at least
it is its destiny to become such and is
new moving rapidly in the direction of
its destiny. In many places throughout
the city where the tasteful and sumptu
ous homes of the wealthy congregate
will be seen a neglected space occupied
by squalid cabins tenanted by negroes,
their ragged plcaninnies overrunning
the neighborhood. It is a trick of the
land owner to compel the owners of
the palaces to pay a rate far above the
already high value of the ground. This
device has become such a flagrant
nuisance that a law has been passed
giving the district commissioners the
right to condemn and clear such prop
erty within certain limits.
Not all of the statesmen have quitted
the capital. There are certain com
mittees whose Intersessional duties
require their presence here. One of
these- has called Senator Cullom back
from the strenuous life of Illinois. It
is to look after the new Senate annex,
provision for building 1 which was made
by Congress. It Is to provide offices
and committee rooms for the Senators
and ¦will stand facing the park north
east of the Capitol, as the building
for the same purpose for members of
the House will stand to the southeast
ward. These buildings, to be built of
marble, will add greatly to the "court
of honor" effect sought In this con
nection. Both Senators and Repre
sentatives are greatly in need of office
room, the present Quarters of many of
them, even some holding important
committees, being: almost scandalous.
The new buildings will afford proper
committee as well as office room3 and
will be connected with the Capitol by
tunnels whereby they who wish may
pass from one to the other without
groing out into the weather.
The proposed extension of the east
front of the main building of the Cap
itol has been agreed upon by the joint
commission, also acting between ses
sions, according to the plans of Thomas
U.. Walter, desljrner of the wings and
the dome of the present building. This,
when completed, will add thirty-six
ofl:ce rooms. The Capitol building has
cost to date in construction $15,500,000.
The proposed extension will add $2,000,
000.
REALTY SHARKS THWARTED.
oomes another multi-millionaire Sen
ator from the far West. Mr. Clarke of
Montana, and buys & palace In Dupont
circle. He objects to the tattered castle
as his next neighbor and hands Senator
Stewart his price for It— Stewart hav
ing lost Interest In his odd property.
Clarke had the hundred-thousand-dol
lar house simply torn down and carted
away. It was said that he Intended to
erect a modern palace on the ground,
which is a conspicuous point In tho
circle, but that was two or three years
ago and the half-filled cellar excava
tion and the foundation stones of the
oldicastle still mark ttie place where
it stood.
Senator Stewart moved his furniture,
gathered from all over the world, to
a house at 1800 F street and set It up
there as best he could. Afterward he
let this house to Senator Spooner, and
himself, with his wife, moved Into
apartments at the Woodleigh on Co
lumbia i road. Recently the Govern
ment bought the house rented by Sen
ator Spooner to erect a Hall of Records
on the site. It then became a question
of storing the furniture or selling it
And the story of the castle Is told.
After the death of Mrs. Stewart the
< astle was let to the Chinese le
gation and pi occupied for three or
f<»ur years. When Senator Stev.-art
looked into the place afterward he
went straightway and hired a lawyer
end preferred a claim for $15,000 for
damage done. The Chinese Govern
ment disputed the claim and engaged
former Secretary of State John W. Fos
ter to represent it. Indemnity was fin
ally allowed in the sum of 53000. Sen
ator Stewart spent this sum in setting
his castle to rights and himself set up
housekeeping there asain.
The castle was built of brick and
etone, but was ornamented with stucco
work, which in the course of years fell
into decay and gave the castle not so
much an ancient and hoary look, which
In becoming to castles, but a frayed,
wcrn and seedy appearance. Now
CHINESE TENANT SUED.
Of Ste-n-art Castle. Trnere all this
magnificence found place when it was
chining new. there remains only the
foundation stones and its story. It was
situated in Dupont circle, principal of
those residence epots in Washington
¦where live the very rich. Surrounded
as it is, the litter, that alone marks
the place where was the castle, is the
more conspicuous, a thing of com
ment by every passerby.
* It came legitimately by Its name
through its turreted resemolance to a
castle. It had an arched entrance" and
many architectural oddities. In the
sr^at reception hall a spiral staircase
lrd to the floors above. The ball room
was an Immense and gtjrgeous affair
and was famous for the dances and
receptions held there. Altogether
Stewart Castle is among the historic
things of Washington. It vAis built
in IST6 at a cost of 5100,000 — which was
more money then for a winter home
than it is now. It became famous at
unre for Its hospitality and the costly
character of its entertaining. A ball
given at the instance of Tom Ochiltree
in honor of the two sons of John Mac
kay is still talked about as among the
social events of the capital city not to
be eclipsed until new methods are in
vented for prodigal and brilliant dis
play. Everybody was at that ball they
say.
None of the family was present dur
ing the sale to witness the sacrifice and
slaughter.
, CASTLE XOW A MEMORY.
60 for three days piece by piece of
th.« dust-covered but costly furniture
passed Inspection . of the crowd and
Into the ownership of the highest bid
der. Mahogany and teak wood, most
of it hand carved and bought in Lon
don. Paris and Italy, formed the great
part of the sale; a great number of
immense mirrors, one framed in teak
wood and large enough to warrant
building a house around It; a great
number of pictures of doubtful merit
but elaborate framing, silverware and
bric-a-brac. Most of It was bought
by the first Mrs. Stewart during her
travels and selected for some partic
ular niche or spac« In the Stewart
castl*. And It was this that cut down
th« value of many of the most costly
pieces at the eale. for few of the woula
be purchasers had the space necessary.
'See the possibilities of this mirror,"
Tras a frequent savin? of the Ingenious
auctioneer. ''You can cut it in half;
you can make two or three out of it
if you wish."
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. May SO.— The sale of
the magnificent old furniture taken
from Stewart Castle, the Conner resi
dence of Beaator Stewart, called to
gether a. crowd of prominent Washing
ton citizens and their ¦wires, filling
the rooms of an F-street auction-house
for three days last week. The protest
of the Senator's daughters against the
sale and the tart reply 'of the Senator,
both given wide circulation, served to
advertise the sale. It did more than
that— It served to make public theTeel
in*r of protest felt by the daughters
toward the Senator himself and the
Senator's resentment, the occasion be-
Inf the Senator's second marriage. The
daughters having declared that It was
the Senator's Intention to sell the por
traits and keepsakes of the family as
originally constituted, the Senator re
plied that this statement was not true:
that he had no Intention of selling any
keepsakes, much less the family por
traits; that the complaining daughters
had been allowed to go through the
•tuff twice and take what they wished,
and that they "had done so. but that,
not satisfied, they wished to make a
third culling from the stuff that con
tained no keepsakes and no portraits,
and to this he had said "No."
Recent Auction Sale of the Furnishings and the Purchase
and Dismantling of the Place by Senator Clark Revive
Interesting Memories of Washington's Historic Mansion
x , .
BY S. W. WAXJi. |
RUBBISH MARKS SPOT WHERE
STOOD STEWART CASTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALC, TUESDAY, MAY SI, ¦ 1001.
7
THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPOBXCTM. | THE EMPORIUM. \ THE EMPOBHTM | THE EMPORHTBI
!£' anoi ' °Man^Bolmets O Hats 1 1 \!Sr *'J?- * r • \\> Beautiful Foulards 59c
?s£$m%&rH A4 8 *»«so Than Haif OL J^TfC^T>M y i/r%f T^'MitffJ r Ou^ re^ular 75c Panne Liberty Foulards, in neat designs,
CT® Wefavc t "*L «d %pt£t*yH^lfWMU0^ made expressly for shirt waist suits navy, brown
!?»$££§' .v j r v. » Ml fo«V«f rii^TCUn? "' —¦¦¦ royal, tan, gobelin and reseda, the 23 and 24 inch
t Ki : «5i*S|^^§5gS : \ uiwiw" .- Z*****.- %*m <«h4\ h> ?«*•' °*y- y*« S9g
v* wiflKwliAL xt i_ • • .u: - ~.j~ :- . •;¦ -;vx ' \Sates taoies — main aisle) •
Miml W^L CW r ' COm P" Sln 5 Cy "y^ . m *^ . m Another mat improTexnent la the bl« More. TW.^ eon- X6.5O. $7.50 and 38.00 EmbroldQPOd J*O'
jartjHkjHr TrNNS)theiaKn««in ltwm, mulli, ofgandies, illorer embro'.deiUi, stantly increasln* bualnem i» erer demandmx more »pac«. W«. «_^. ' Yi2/1# o«*#«JL- * cmorOJOBruj. ».»«
*SWSM&iV| lf « ,;»W. »f^ «U« V**ne\ ctaL. \'o£nandie» lun- haT « nlaed ths cafa and bandstand, and all ths «pac« beneath BfiOSO W3i3t Patterns, tO-day Only, S3.9U*
ViV^ir^Pt XI ' ' *?— ?"***> r'.fT ,!w f ™a ' (2jra> IKluar * l** th wlt ? the- exception of a broad aJile which O oly a limited «pandty of these hanJiom= nareltiw fjr tummer wear and
¦ XSft/v Itl \ fflj bonnett, etc., from the imallest toftnt tupto iget 5 and 6— , now. extend* from Market to Jeaste street (300 ' feat). . will . be ' ... —?- j-?_. ._ • "_;_i, _t_ .1 „, .„^ ,»,. ,K Jn ,— ,^ »h.r
? VfeNy LW h«t« and bonnet, that would. Kr«l"l>- be »5 C to *K>-OO o«»^ in th« future a» th» jewelry and allverwar* department. mottly black .The dt* S nt are particularly elegant and ths dunces are that
•S^ as O^ — rf/ u iT ".""*; !"' ; " • -.- . i__^_. _• THJb, and th« creat enlar»em*nt of the furniture department on by to-mtht there wtf not be oae left.
• V - ¦¦ '- v eaca— beginning ' to-dsy ana oaionco OT the Mcond floor, are only tho baclnninr of ¦ many changes ' r " c.il n*At
Week from tOO tO $3.93 each. r^' ,.: -^ '\", .[ \\ :.,;. planned for th« betterment of Callfornla'B greatest retail store. /» ZtlK uepi. . ¦-^-_
Charming Wash Fabrics Manufacture^ sample Line; Children's Wear Specials
At Uttlo Moro Than Half "«^*, # ™ c /™' o * r> To-Day and Wednesday ,^>
These cffirlngi for to-day and Wednesday have not been equaled thit tiuon eren by H3iif ft*iOG f . .. , .- . - , • / *?-*J
n». They are opportune too, because of th:ir leatonableness, uiefiilnew and tttrtctiTenea.of , ¦'faiVnmcnammnarmjca Cambric Slips— A good quality long tups, witH lace >^
itTkiand prices . * -dd^allSClir^ZIZl Lla or embroiJery yoke, regularly 65c, tt\s pries . . W,' - T
Abtrfoyle Madras — Ths kind mide for fine w»ist», shirti, iu:t», etc.} good texture, neat ; ... ..........'..•• 48C v/X^ >
medium co'.orinc*, 3a :nchet wide, tome of the *oc kind, othen finrr, but your " B^P 1^^!!?*!^ ......«•• /r3j®SaE«o?tii^\.
choice ofaii.t-yird i2sC W^^^^^^^m Children's Short Slips— S;/=» for 6 months to 3 /x^g^N,
Sunday Percales— The t ood maJcei that w: alwayt carry, 36 inches wide, in me- Q#» 7 * " years, also special at . . . 48o (*
aiom coloringj, about 3000 yaroij to-<iay and Wednesday while quantity lastt .. £7Cr ¦ lamta, ' '" Children's LoflJ and Short Slipj— F 0 f « ze » 6 month J 77fij[ I W* /
India Llnon— The best 25c nuke we know ofj for dainty white waiiti, ikirts f ' W^mS^^MW^ to 3 years a very fin: grade of sheer longcioth, //// ' #&%(
dr«i«, etc ; tor the two day, only - yard ••••••;•• • * '•';¦ • " • 'OG. -Q^ fflBa^P'it^^ «ilh daintvyokins of tucks, h:m!titchin S , lace or embroidery // // ' «f[ *A
VShlte Longdoth-Yara wide, fine-thmd, .oft finuh, raiue at {1.50 for fi _ J^MNBMB07&Rr- i * . trimminW regu'arly |i.is/n«cial for the two dayt . 72o P ! ' > \ '\
pi:ce of ia yardi; lor rhe f.vo davi — pirce . ., . .- . .....' &MmU€f mmttSBn&'£€&g&£&& /••_».. . .. .. r» j .• • u j k ill I I I O
Printed LenoFtncies-Large lot efrerr Bleached Sheetlnj -Soft finith, good round Children's Muilin Drawers-Of good qua ity, with dec ? hem /// \ V X\
han^me weave,; M me open work, other. ' thread, undr«. t d, at 1«, than pr«cnt miil H^^^^S^ ' d °^'^ fE^ >7 \ \
-~- quotation viz- . buc« o, I, sand 3, patr. . .^. . . MOO 6/ I 1
mercerised ttripe., all colored tasternlly, + -.i ncn 14c P;llow Casing, for \ ##© To-day we begin our Annual Saie of Szet 4, 5, 6 and 7, patr IQo N^^ | | s^S
aoc toiccprr yard n !nss, and f -_, 6 7-inch Shretin 3 &»fV Id. .".'..' . v '|ffo Women'. Neckwear. We har: again k- Children's SWrti-In plain him and tack, in lace or embroid-
all marKei-«mUl .oxd f0b 8 ,.; nc h doubls bed width Sheeting . . 22O ?ured New York ' s bet: neckwear maker • ery trimmid, made of either cambric or longdotb, uzea for 6 . {JJ
Coverts and Twills-Popnar outlnr fabric. -oo.5nch ertra wide Sheeting ........ 2*O Sample line Of the SCaSOn'ft nOV- t0 1+ beginning at. ... 4f>O each up to $2.SO
gPg&ggK fuVran E e JcoJ PH^w C. S es- 4 Sx 3 6 inch Beached So, gta^^^^g^ Q^ § . camb Hc. hi S h neck, long mdced ««
B t^t^:^ hM ' b ' elCfc : d '^ M?W$^ 15* ChndrenswSiteDresses-In^^ 75o »?<* S12.5O
' ¦ Regular Price?. ¦ ' • s— ¦ — i- — »^^^ — ¦ — . j
J^C Style. I2^C fl.Z$ Style. $1.13 '— — — ¦ »-i^ mm^ mmm^^ mmm^
Season's Best Offerings ?5 C p j:£ :: S Ladies' Wash Suits $3.90
Hosiery and Underwear To-Day *\% « £ \ ¦% \\ ffi Waists and Silk Suits
We are direct importers from the foreign makers, our buyer 1.5°. " 75c 400 " 2.00 The Section of these pretty summer suits and waists has ex-
being the only retail buyer in California who goes to Europe to pur- J-75 '-; «7^c s-oo \ 2.50 tenc j ec j over many months. Great care has been exercised to
chase underwear and hosiery. We buy in great quantities, and direct ¦' ¦ secure none but the most worthy styles from the best manufac-
buying and large buying enables us to offer '-'specials" like this: i turers and buying in largest quantities, as we do, we are enabled
gKSSlKS! S^t^ta^wS; oTto-^v'an n d°^ n «: J^ SummBrNeosssities to quote particularly low prices-
day, each . . . ... . . / . .............. 8€EG Toilet ArtideS Tvb Svits — Several styles in pretty colored lawns, linens and chambrays,
Boyi' tnd Girls' Hose— The girls 1x1 ribbed; the boys axi ribbed; fatt black cotton, made wvi^M't Tiimo f,,, m a ,„,, * ni t ,„ marked at the very low price $3m90
of the best quality cotton yarn; instead of 25c the far, Twiday and \\ e d nts - | jg , .^ g^ .^j, ratling from $2.jO to $38.50.
iy ° ny " m* '^~ : ' ''•*'*' ~n * * . . 2Op Dresses for Party Wear— Vrcity organdies and Swmes cleverly designed
At 25O At 5UC Ktloderma-An imported gljcrinej.Uy in ur rf / organdy or I a Wn. prices . . $W.5O and $14.50
Ladie.' white Swiss ribbed Cotton Ve.ts and Ladies' imported Herrmd6rf Kack Li^e tubes, Jor .unburi and tan . ... . 200 " \~~ «,*,„,.* _Shirt Waist Suits »«io-ed effect! black W
Pant.; vest, pain or trimmed with lace. Thread Ho , e, with white or colored vertical Woodbury's Facial Cream -Tube., conrrn- ShOVCr Polka Dot Foulard— **** W *"t *™*> ™ a 5?- b J%
. Children', white summer weight Swi« ribbed ttripes. ient for carrjing . . . . . . . 200 and brown §14 OU and &J2.5 U
Vetts and Pants, mes 2 to 14 year.. Ladies' Jersey ribbed Egyptian cotton V«t», Portsmouth Smelling Salts-Refreshing^ . S£/ r / Waist Suits, fa many pretty Styles, $1$, $2J.So and $27.50.
•ThfSiiSrcirStlilJt »«» »m" "• SSSi f<mo "' 47.i iSVgi^M I : %%% White Lawn Waists 9So-t^ bc« Mfi y ,u »m u
shades of tan, white, pink, sky and red; size. Ladies' Jersey ribbed Lisle Thread Eques- w^" Puffs-Mansfield Chamois, conven- anywhere; a large quantity Ot theje sold recendy 111 one day. and this
5 tooK- trian Tights, white, black, sky or pink. ' ¦ lent • • • • - 25c lot cannot last long at the price. Good quality lawn, foar rows em-
Ladies' imported Htrmsdorf black medium Ladie.' Jersey ribbel LV.c Thread Union Princess ; Manicuring Outfit— Bcftcr, nail nl=, broidery down front from shoulder; prettily tucked front and back,
weight maco Cotton Hos,, plain black or «»- Suiu, high neck, long or short sleeve,, color emery board^ na.l po^er an! orange wood f«, o ted Stock «nd tucked cuffs; elsewhere $'l. Z C; our price . . 35 C
bleached sole. white. *<"' *»«#«» os> r
Boys' Wash Suits $11.00 Saie Hammocks, Fruit Jars at Cut Prices
And a*ht>r> Bin Savin**** Cameras, Rackets, Etc. Freezers, Screens, Hose, Etc.
j. s ana uiner Biff savings $1.25 Hammock 89:.— To-day and w e d- , . 4
t W>35v The pretty Russian styie as shown in picture and other sailor neiday aUo, if quantities last, 8o-inch cot- Here are 3. IOC 01 Slimmer necessities tor the
®^ ,uh, for little fellows z% to 8 year.-.trong and cooi t&M «SS household at special prices for to-day and Wednes-
nlpSk . wash stufFs ' ln P rctt y sm P" oi red > o»b'O0i, dark and , pre ad e r at head and short spreader at foot- -i o ., t U qr fhriftv hniK^P?n?rq Will qnnrp-iqtp
I <^r^ light blue, tan and gray— the colors that wa.h best and a spIend.J bargain at . . f . , . 89o "^ that tliritt y HOUSeKeeperS Will appreciate.
~ rf/F^/ii show soil the least—at ¦ saving of one-third at least — to- Sale Tennis' Racket — The prices on tenni. Advanced Sale of Fruit Jars at Lets Than Ice Cream Freezers — Will freeze cream »
ffA&itfk day and while quantities last, comp'ete j*,* ««jny rackets are teldom broken; but we have Wholesale Prices— Bat quality Mason, five minutes —
1&&W%. ««!?« SMmOtS too many of «oms .tyles and to-day and smooth top, with porcelain lined cap— Js.oo sue, i quart. . .$1,69
W"$XE&m ¦"'••• '',''.'' ','.' ',' '''. . --v ' Wednesday give yon the brneSt of our over- Plats, ' doaca .... 45o' > J2.S5 Kse, 3 quarts . . J/.S9
\\$HBm BlOUSCS— ("Mothers' Friend") ot White Striped ma- Itock . Th^ arc all white ash frame, .u- Quart, .... .» .B3O *i.^o we, 4 quarts . . $2.19
is'i^lPl dr " aCd handsomC co - orcd Percales, all with cuffs attached, peror gut and irrong'.y made: . One-ha'f gallon. . . .7OO Uwn Mowers— Guaranteed to give satis-
J£%(mV*wJ 5OmC W " h co ' Jars — ver y ? cat » »tvll*h little garm-nts for $1.5° Surprise Racket for . . . . SI. 13 J-lly Tumb'erJ— Lirg: liie smooth rinishtd faction—
fllf*?w\ b ° yS 8 tO '?3 rein ' " ch ' • • ' • • • • • • • 75C • < J - ooHol)Rlck " for .... $1.43 tops, tn cover, regularly 40c ioz.290 10-inch $2.95
l'\\t\Sr Boys' fancy Vests— 8 to 1 6 years sizes, made of white **'75 ?" k ac^ for • • • • :$ f ' 9S Jar Rubbtrs-Bejt qual ty Goodyear Red iz-lnch f?'€?
T^iJw-^af UV] . »""»«/»"*•» i T • • l L - No. 2 Brownie Camtrai 51.70— Makes per- . .\ , A m \-, o n 14-iach $3.45
TOSS?' P=q^. a nd tancy washable summer vcstings, with whue f ec t picture a^xa'/ bch«, .mple to oper- W«n, Horeamboi . . . .80 *"
|B1^ pearl buttons, mst like the men'l . . ... . $1.25 ate -the youn S people wiil want one for J" Rubbtrs-Goodyear Badger Brand white i S c Hardwood Window Screens. . . We
W Wi Boys' Vacation Panls— White duck and drab and tan Khaki. their vacation d.y.-instead of J2. O3 - T he H b ?' \t°*£ c O 'fa* Jecea! lof ¦ 3SC Htriwood Wiadow Screent - • • 29 °
a W 'L* tor 5 to , 2 years-long pant, with turn ups and belt- | "*£ «- S^H^i « ch t \ 91.70 SS^Jg^S? ' * ««* H*S SteeI G^ *»" "°
M \ holdersjair . / . . . 8P . . ... . 5Oc an/ pHntl^Z »^ " eigS f°1 Screen Doo^Com,ete with hm^
J/ t^^SSS Er : yS . i-.T. l : S g^SSSS manUerM T gg '. : £ .JL S^Gar^Ralces-. . .* 33O
'***'+ -aaji'a+a ****** vxwat* a ***4'**r*4'**A aVaw* ****** '***¦**¦*¦* *¦*•****** -a***** '*"***** '***&•**'**'**'*'** ******* '**¦*'*'*•* •****'a'*'av*va •*'****r*'***'a**'* '*•*¦*-**•<
ADVEBTISSIttESTTS^
TAe store that trusts tkpeopkiWS
The store, the people tmtJL2S\
on which is pictured J'//' '^ '" ""~*fil 2 /flp Dl 1
a Spanish monk of Jt\ I'nJ^vi 1 2F10T I
PEDESTAL $12.50
*y a £\ Polished ma-
fe^yj|g elJO«T"v/ hoj?anized birch,
wf«M handsomely
m \w Golden oak or mahoj?- turned legs and.
M Tra anized birch. Four -inch- spindles. Meas-
ri AjB .p o 1 u m n. handsomely ures 54 inches in
' RjJa ¦ turned and finished. height.
jjjfc3jS£a No mail or telephone orders accepted.
w PfciZr iF tf^^^^'O^, 2 1223^*^^^ TO""^ C' * II wp M • it! D lil ¦ ¦&¦ fHD*\AJ^J m£_* J^ ¦ ¦ ¦ 4fwC3
AJVEBTIgEMENTa. ".'- -_-.-u-. r
PUBLIC AlCTION
BALBSROon or
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.
Thursday, June 9th, At 12 o-ctbek. Noon
BUSINESS PROPERTIES OF THE
JOSE GUARDIOLA ESTATE
Y :
APniNISTRATOR'S SALE
Vortfc««>t corner California tad Sansom* streets, lot 43x30
ft. - Improvemeat». tbr*»-atory u< ba««saea* brick bnildiasr. .
Annul rents 913,390. Ho leaiM. J
Not. 34 to 53 Sills rtrtat. &ot 90x137:6 ft. Improvements,
modern fonr-story and basement brick buUdinr- Stores, loxts
and offices Above. Annual rents 317.800. Ho leases.
Hoe. 117-119 Pine st. lot 60x91:8 ft. Three-story and base- /
ment brick bulldlnc;; just vacated, former rent $3600 per an-
num. Seasonable amount speat la renovation will produce
largely increased- rent. .
Ko«. 318-330 OTarrell street, near Mason. I»ot 55x137:6 ft.
¦ Three-story • and basement brick butUUar. (Palo Alto Stable.)
Beat 9210O per awnnm. . Ho lease. Trescat reat-BOmiaal. Can
be materially advanced by (trine lease.
Hos 9-11 Barley place (off OTarrell street, bctweea Grant
' ~~" avenue and Stockton street). &ot 43:6x60 Xt. Tour-story aad
basement brick bulldlnr, rested as a piano warehouse at S180O
per eTtinmi. . ..¦¦:. ¦ - m .
NOTE. — The Income* on all of the abov» properties can b* largely /
Increased Immediately by giving leaaes. _
The <*KuedU Tract." eoataJaua* 1533 acres of laad la
Placer County, California. . ¦
rSv? SBAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.
218-220 Montgomery St. Mills BuildingHEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
«• HENRIETTA STREET, CO VENT
GARDEN. LONDON, May 20. — Al
though Mrs. Humphry Ward is seri
ously given to many sorts of reforms
Literature and Love.
fipeclal Correspondence.
as she was crossing between the two
platforms at the local station one day
an express train came thundering down
upon her.
"She seemed to be dazed," said a
spectator, "and it. appeared for a mo
ment as though she , was certainly
doomed; but Frank, who was some dis
tance away, rushed forward on the
track and at the risk of his own life
grasped his " mother in his arms and
swung her bodily off the line just as
the train dashed by. The lad showed
great pluck and presence of mind, but
¦when I expressed my admiration of
what he had done he simply remarked
that It was nothing — no more than any
body would have done under the cir
cumstances—and appeared quite uncon
cerned."
That feeling has characterized the
boy's attitude since the tragedy in
which he played such a dire part. After
killing his mother he carried his little
sister, Queenie, to whom he was de
voted, to a near by Inn, and said coolly
to the landladv: "Please take care of
her to-night. There has been a little
upset at home. I have shot moth-
"Don't want ter git in choke agin,"
was the reply. "Ter see, guv'ner, it's
Jest dis way. If I feeds 'fore I square
up I'll duck me elegance widout puns
ling de dime. Den you'll gimme de
hotfoot an' a cop'll nab me. Down I
goes td de cooler in de hurry wagon an*
nex' day off ter, Whlttler. Der Judge
sez ter me when he lemme go yester
day dat de nex' time I cum 'fore him
away I goes to de 'fprm school. No
'form school fer me, if I knows meself.
Soak away de dime."
The cashier accepted the money, gave
"Take a seat at a table and a waiter
will attend to you," directed the cash
ier, pushing the coin toward the lad.
"Don't yer worry 'bout me gettin'
'tended to," answered the boy as he
covetuously eyed the silver piece. "I
Jest wants ter pay 'fore I feed."
"Why?" asked the restaurant man.
"Say, guv'ner, * tell one uv yer hired
men ter gimme coffee an' sinkers," or
dered a ragged street arab as he
dropped a dime, in front of the cashier
of a Fourth street restaurant a few
evenings ago. . .
Pungling Before Ducking.
Special information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by th«
Pus? Clipping Bureau 'Allen's). 23ft Cii-
U%nla street. Telephone Main 1842, •
Townsend's California Glace frolts la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market «t»
A wife is suing in a local court for divorce on the
ground that her husband has cultivated a habit of tickling
her neck with a clasp knife, at the same time threatening
to send her where earthly cares will cease to sadden and
harass. While something may be said of the husband's
solicitation for nis better half's ; future, even'- a casual
observer must 'criticize; and condemn the means he has
chosen to achieve his end. ,/. ,£%>£%
In addressing a class of graduating schoolboys Presi
dent Roosevelt declared that what the nation needs. is
men, not prigs, and that the snob should be eliminated in
the school to save the trouble of destroying him in the
wider 'and more complicated field of working existence.
It is a congratulation that the advice is not necessary to
the vast majority of American boys and young men who
are fitting themselves for American citizenship.
STRAY DOG— A. S., City. The fact
that "a . dog follows a person to his
home and will not leave the house"
does not give that person an ownership
in the dog. The matter is governed by
the law of estrays which requires that
the person taking up the animal must
feed him and within- five days after he
comes in possession of the animal he
must notify. the County Recorder. Then
follows the manner of procedure which
entails the publication of notice of the
find and the sale of the animal if not
claimed within a stated time. The per
son who has taken up the animal i3
entitled to a reasonable compensation
for the care of it.
THE valley ' press expresses rather poignant disap
pointment with the recent ( river convention. In
some quarters the part^ taken ¦ by the Promotion
Committee is objected to as indicating its partisanship of
Borne unrevealed plan. Perhaps the discontent is raised
by the fact that all the talk in the convention was con
fined to the flood evil and there was no discussion of a
remedy. So it is being said in the valley that the people"
did not have to wait for a convention to tell them that
there are floods caused^ by rainfall. They knew that
before.
They are indeed so familiar with it that it is a disquiet
ing subject. What they want is a remedy for the floods.
They admit that this cannot be in the form of a check
on the rainfall; nor in its more even distribution so
that the flood crest will not appear. The ¦remedy must
be in diverting the floods to a basin large enough to hold
them, or in an artificial bayou: that will relieve the main
stream by giving it another mouth into Suisun Bay far
below its present one, or in widening its present mouth.
The people seem to have expected the convention to dis
cuss some of these plans, and- are disappointed that this
was not done. V ; : ':.' _ -^ -
We do not pass upon the validity of these complaints,
The trial of a coolie leader of a local Chinese tong, ac
cused of the murder of one of his fellows, has developed
the startling fact that Mongol assassins, resident among
us, may barter for their lives with degenerate whites even
in a regularly constituted court of justice. This is not
the first illustration in San 'Francisca that contact with
an inferior race means. retrogression. The Chinese may
teach us even more evil than our craft may contrive.
SENATORS— W. H. B., Dunlop, CaL
From the letter of inquiry it is impos
sible to determine if the correspondent
wants the names of all the United
States Senators who were In Congress
in 1SS6-67 or only those from California.
If the correspondent will state clearly
what is wanted an answer will be fur
nished.
THE RIVER CONVENTION.
WANTS TO KNOW— K. S. R. Val
lejo, Cal. This correspondent wants to
know where "The Prayer for Indiffer
ence" may be found. Can any of the
readers of this department assist the
correspondent in search for informa
tion? '^is* . i *-*..'
The Dominican rebels have won another victory and
every bantam in the brood of South American republics
is crowing. Let the rebels not shout too much, however,
as Uncle Sam has an angry eye on them, and every
victory they score is simply another reason for a crushing
and final defeat to come.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
I HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, May 20.— It is the
general opinion that few more extra
ordinary crimes have occurred in this
country than that committed by Frank
Rodgers. of whom the whole kingdom
is talking. Rodgers is, of course, the
15-year-old boy who murdered his
mother In the little town of Meldreth.
Cambridgeshire. Apart from its ghast
ly sensationalism the story presents
raany sensual features. Between the
bojr and his mother a strong attach
ment existed, which was so marked
that In the family he was known as
"mother's boy." Some three months be
fore he killed her at the imminent risk
of his own life, he saved her from being
run over by an express train. No quar
rrl between them, no outburst of pas
fion, preceded the fatal -deed. The boy's
t-iatetnent that he shot her because he
beard a voice commanding him to do
so and had no recollection of the firing
of the oistol imparts to the case u
strong element of psychological inter
est. At the preliminary examination,
at which the lad was remanded for,
trial, the remarkable spectacle was pre
sented of the widowed father, who is
a solicitor, appearing in court ' to- de
fend the son who is accused of matri
cide. The boy'g uncle, who Is . also a
lawyer, was associated with him..
Mrs. Rodgers, who appears in other
respects to have been an amiable wom
an, was a victim of intemperance. She
feas under the influence of drink when
Special Correspondence.
Spirits Incite to Crime.
" •What!' said I. *Do you really
think I can find Dr. Livingstone? Do
you mean me to go to Central Africa?'
'"Yes, I mean that you shall go,
and find him wherever you ' may hear
that he" is, and to get what hews you
can of him, and perhaps'— delivering
« "I went straight to the Grand Hotel
and knocked at the door of Mr. Ben
nett's room..
" "Come in,' I heard a voice say.
"Entering, I found Mr. Bennett in
bed.
" *Who are you?' he asked.
" 'My name is Stanley,' I answered.
" 'Ah, yes! sit down; '. I have im
portant business on hand for you.*
"After throwing; over his shoulders
his robe, de chambre, Mr. Bennett
asked, fWhere do you think Living
stone is?'
".'I really do, not know, sir.'
" 'Do you think he is alive T
" 'He may be, and he may not be,' I
answered.
" 'Well, I think he is alive, and that
he can be found, and I am going to
send you to find him.' ,
It was in the middle of October,
1869, while roaming about Spain, that
the late Henry M. Stanley received a
telegram from James Gordon Bennett,
then in Paris, urgently, summoning
him to the French capital. Public
feeling in England and America had
been deeply stirred by conflicting re
ports of the safety of Dr. Livingstone,
then supposed by some to be travel
ing, and by others to be dead, in the
interior. In his book, "How I Found
Livingstone," Stanley thus relates
what occurred upon his arrival in
Paris:
Stanley's Orders.
An old man who robbed his life of not only every in
cidental pleasure but even of its bare necessities died
the other day and left to inquiring relatives property
valued at something considerably more than one million
dollars. Without motive worthy of emulation, the old
fellow found in existence an inspiration that would make
the career of most of us reasonably happy. The problem
of how to live well on nothing a year is still an annoy
ance to the majority of rational beings.
: CATALOG— A. C. R-. City. The Cen
tury dictionary gives "catalog" and
"catalogue," and of the former says:
"That is a recent spelling of catalogue."
It is the same fad which has substi
tuted "program" for "programme."
FLOOD— M. J. F., Uvennore. Cal.
.James C. Flood, the mine operator, died
in Heidelberg, Germany. February Jl,
1889. This department has no informa
tion in regard to the other member of
the Flood family asked about.
Answers to Queries.
"On the night I shot my mother,"
Frank told him, "I went homo and had
supper. Afterward I went upstairs and
got the revolver and went down to the
breakfast room. I felt an almost Ir
resistible impulse to ehoot mother. I
refrained, however, and went out. The
impulse came again and I went back
into the house. \ .
"A voice distinctly told me to do it.
It said: 'Do it, and do it quickly.' I
do not remember firing or pointing the
pistol, but I remember bearing a muf
fled report and then I stumbled against
the door. That is all I know about it."
He also told the doctor that for two
or three months he had been constant
ly haunted by the • feeling that his
mother was dose behind him and that
when he turned his head he saw an
apparation of her which slowly van
ished.
Insanity will undoubtedly be' the de
fense at the \ trial, „- which will be
strengthened by the fact that a broth
er, of the dead woman was confined in
an asylum. Her own failing may be
attributed to heredity, for her father,
it has been stated, was a man, of in
temperate habits.. The boy is of rather
more ' than average intelligence ' and
much bigger than most boys of his
age, his recent growth having been un
usually rapid.
The most remarkable evidence was
that given by Dr. Octavius Ennion,
the family physician, who was sum
moned to. the house immediately after
Mrs. Rodgers had been shot. To him
the boy volunteered the statement Jhat
he had heard voices urging him to
murder his mother. -' -.'¦„*:
It was the influence of his mother's
example and upbringing on his little
sister that gave him most concern, al
though, according to the evidence, Mrs.
Rodgers had never ill treated, the
child. After shooting the mother he
told his eldest sister that he had done
it "for Queenie's sake." The mother
had given way to drink that day ana
after_ supper the family had left her
sitting in an arm chair in the break
fast room, half asleep. It was then
that Frank went upstairs, got a- re
volver belonging to his elder brother
and, returning with it, shot her.
Some of the witnesses testified that
he brooded much over his mother's in
temperance. To an acauaintance he
remarked that he hated the thought of
liquor, pathetically adding, "See what
it has done in our house." One day
at breakfast— his mother had been in
toxicated the day before — he told the
family that he had dreamed during
the night that he had strangled her.
GEOP.GE MACAUL.AY TREVEL.YAN.
SON OK THE HISTORIAN, AXD
HIS WIFE JAXET.
and is a niece of Matthew Arnold and
is one of the most learned women nov
elists of our day, yet she finds time
and inclination somehow to be an un
commonly successful mother. Her
three children Join their father in idol
izing her and waiting on her, tip-toe
ing when she dozes, rusliing into ac
tion at her Fllghtest beck and rever
ing her always as above the other
powers and principalities of their
world. The son. his name, of course. 1
is Arnold, is a fine young man — al
most as handsome as his father — who
is now almost ready to emerge into
the world "of letters from university
life. No member of the family could
be otherwiFe than literary, so it fol^
lows that the first son-in-law elected
to membership in this select family
circle bears a name famous in the
book world. George Macaulay Trevel
yan, who has just married Janet, the
second of the Ward daughters, is one
of the editors of the New Liberal Re
view, author of "England in the Age
of Wycliffe" and other historical stud
ies, and is son and heir of the Right
Jlon. Sir George Trevelyan, whose r£*
cent history of the American revolu
tion has won so much praise in Eng
land and America. Sir George Is also
distinguished as being the nephew of
Lord Macaulay, the historian.
The Ward daughters' have been
much in America and although not
famous as beauties are as charming
in manner as they are cultured in
mind.
Country Life in America records that
David C Falrchild, the agricultural
explorer, who has visited the date-pro
ducing regions of the Old World, has
written an account of his Investigations
for the Department of Agriculture,
with special reference to date culture
m America. "The doctors seem
agreed," Mr. Fairchild says, "that
sweet things in excess are injurious to
the digestion, and the dentists claim
that sugar ferments between the teeth,
forming lactic acid, which attacks the
dentine; but, for all this, it is doubt
ful if there can be found a sounder,
stronger ru.ee, with better digestion and
finer, whiter teeth than the date-eat
ing Arabs. The remarkable physiqua
of the Arabs and their resistance to
the almost unbearable heat of their
country might be attributed in part,
at least, to the nature of their slmrle
food. At any rate, a thorough investi
gation of the food value of the datct
and- its adaptability to the formation
of food for our hot summer season
should be made, and possibly this won
derful vegetable product, which is
now ussd In America only as a second
class confection, might be used as a
basi3 of a nutritious new food."
Dates as Food.
Quickly he replaced the orange
stained gloves in his pocket and, bow
ing from right to left, took dme to dry
oft the juice from his hands and then,
barring a highly "flushed face and a
broad grin, sang his numbers as if
nothing uncomfortable had happened.
Now, if any one sees Wilkie gingerly
carrying a paper bag on his way to a
concert he may be Bure that it con
tains an orange, for the singer has con
cluded that pockets were never intend
ed as receptacles for fruit.
Recently Wilkie was crossing to San
Francisco from over the bay to render
some songs and had placed In the tail
pocket of his evening dresscoat a large
and tempting: orange.
On the boat the tenor engaged in an
argument relative to whole and half
tones and in the heat of the discussion
he arose from, his seat and Bat down
rather heavily.
"If there is anything in the world
I detest," said Wilkie to himself, as
he took the car up town, "it is an argu
ment. I love serenity— the moderato
and not the agitato; the pianissimo and
not the fortissimo for me."
Arriving at his destination a little
late, the singer hastened to the plat
form and feeling round in his hind
pocket for his white kid gloves, pulled
out a pair crumpled, sticky and dis
colored with the juice of the orange
which he had Inadvertently sat upon
and mashed to a pulp.
Alfred Wilkie, the well-known tenor
of San Francisco and Oakland, 13 a
believer in the efficacy of the succulent
orange on the voice, and generally dur
ing the day, especially before he sings
In public, he will devour several of
them. :>'"-
Oranges and the Voice.
the desired order to a waiter and the
urchin who was afraid to trust to his
own honesty looked relieved as he
slouched off to a table.
IF I FEEDS 'FORE I SQUARE UP
ri.lL. DUCK WIDOUT PUNO
LJNG.
Max an* me was talkln' 'bout th« kooJ
old times In Lee. " '
Where the folks are Jest as happy a» the
Lord would have 'em be.
An' I asked him 'bout the fellers that I
knowedt long years before.
At the old pine box headquarters, down
at Burton's grocery store.
An' Max says: "They're all a-llvtn' 'cept.
It may be. two or three.
, Fer they're mighty slow at dytn' la them
. cotton lan's o' Lee! \
An* the good times that you're talkln
'bout — they're havin' of '«rn •till,
An' the whippoorwllls are singln* 'long
' the road to Wells's mill.
"The cotton flel's are shinln' Jest as won
derful an' white —
Like the Lord had snowed 'em over from
the heavens in the night!
An* the corn is jest a-wavin' of its green
- an' twinklln' blades, .
An* the wind is whistlln' through it. Ilka
it called the old brigades!
"The same green hills an* valleys where
you seen the soft stars beam —
The men. the same fine fellers, an" the
women, like a dream!
The same sweet bells a-ringin* from the
steeples, standin' high.
Their happy hallelulas to the winders o'
the sky!
"Come down." says Max, "an" see us, an'
them same skies o* blue!
I'm purty sure the whippoorwllls have
got a song fer you!
An' as fer them sweet mockln'-birds —
why. bless your soul! they sing
Like winter dreamed forever o" the kisses
o' the spring!"
That's jest the way he talked it that
evenln' there — with me.
Till I felt my eyes a-mistin' an' my
heart went back to Lee!
An' 1 sorter fell to dreamin" of the old
sweet skies an' bright.
An" the meadows said "Good mornln'!"
when the darkness said "Good
night!" — Atlanta Constitution.
Back to Lee,
The Trade Bulletin reports that since the index was
sent out, a matter of two months ago, inquiries have
been received in this city for prices on certain cotton
goods, from Mexico asking for catalogues, prices and the
names of exporters of 'mining machinery, electrical sup
plies, wire, sawmill . machinery, dry goods, seeds, mica
and graphite; from Hamburg, Germany, for names of
dried fruit exporters; from Paris for the names of salmon
and fruit exporters.; from Toronto, Canada, and from
Hongkong for the names of exporters of miscellaneous
products. These inquiries have been referred appropri
ately to the persons who are engaged in the lines of busi
ness indicated. „ '
>.' There is no doubt that thejudicious use of printer's, ink
can be made of great value to a State that has as much
to advertise as California. Heretofore efforts have been
largely confined to giving information relative to farm
ing, mini-;; and climate, together with the social con
ditions existing in this State. Now it is realized that the
position of California as a manufacturing center is as
sured by cheap' fuel and favorable geographical position
on the seaboard. It becomes, therefore, advisable to call
attention to what can be had here for export.
The lands that are washed by the waters of the Pacific
Ocean are the natural customers of the Pacific Coast
States." Any effect that may result from the Panama
canal to the trade of South America for manufactured
goods, South America being mainly east of New York
and the other great seaports of the Atlantic Coast of the
United States, it is morally certain that the. Pacific Coast
will always have an advantage in the islands of the Pacific
and in the great market that the Orient affords.
The Panama canal will compel the great transconti
nental railways to make sea rates between the points of
origination of freights and the Orient to meet the sea
rates by way of the Isthmus of Panama. Such goods as
can be made to better advantage in the East than in Cali
fornia or other Pacific Coast States will naturally be
favored by the transcontinental carriers that they may
secure pay for the long haul. That the railways are doing
now."
But the reports from the Pacific Commercial Museum
are encouraging. They show that California is consid-'
ered abroad to be on the commercial map as a manu
facturing and distributing center. As such its importance
will continue to grow. .This is a good time to let for
eign lands on the Pacific know what it can secure here,
and the means adopted to that end would seem to be
efficient and well adviseU
IT is gratifying to learn from the latest number of the
Foreign Trade Bulletin, which is published in this
city by the Pacific Commercial Museum, that prac
tical returns Jiave already been received from the issu
ance by the museum of a San Francisco trade index.
This index contains the names and addresses of the
many San Francisco firms who have united to promote
export trade on the Pacific Coast by the agency of the
Commercial Museum. It also carries a great variety of
information in the English and Spanish languages.
The purpose is to place before reputable importing
houses throughout countries that border on the Pacific
Ocean a reference book on the resources of California,
the manufacturing and distributing business of San Fran
cisco and the names of the members of the Commercial
Museum who are prepared to supply goods for which
there is a demand abroad. .'•>
While it was primarily intended to reach Spanish
speaking people, the book has also been distributed
throughout the Orient and Australasia and to all the
United States Consuls and to many foreign chambers of
commerce. Acknowledgments have been received from
many Consuls in foreign lands, who write that the publi
cation will assist them to answer inquiries regarding
California, its products of soil, manufacturing industries
and trade.
FRUITS OF ADVERTISING.
This was the turning point In Stan
ley's life — the floodUde In his affairs
which was destined to bear him to
fame and fortune.
himself thoughtfully and deliberately
— 'the old man may be In want. Take
enough with you to help him should
he require it. Of course, you will
act according to your plans and do
what you think best— but find Living
stone!' "
Efforts are being made to induce the American Medi
cal Society to hold its annual national convention of 1905
in this city. By all means persuade the "physicians of
America to visit us, look the town over, secure benefit
from their experience and find a locality in which the
healthy need only the climate for protection and the un
healthy find the best place in which to adopt a physician's
advice. - v ..•¦''• ..
THE complexity of the Democratic situation is fur-r
ther revealed in the disclosures made by Mr. Cleve
land and by Mr. Murphy, the Tammany leader. Mr.
Cleveland makes it evident nowthat his single purpose
is to disclothe the party of the fashion it took on in
1896. He admits that in his opinion either Judge Gray
or Mr. Olney would make . a . stronger candidate than
Judge Parker, but more sentiment seems to be behind
Parker, and therefore he should be nominated in order
to make sure the defeat of Hearst.
The defeat of Hearst is twice put by Mr. Cleveland as
among the first duties of the party. He uses the term
"conservatives" as applied to all who are against Hearst,
and in conclusion speaks of the organfzation that is ex
pected to issue from the national convention as "the' new
Democracy." That' seems pushing the fight pretty far.
Mr. Bryan waited iri-1896 until he.- had captured the con
vention and the committee before he began calling his
organization a new party. Mr. Cleveland is either very,
confident of. conservative .control, or, with his ..usual
frankness and courage, he chooses to remove all doubt
of his position long in advance of the action and before
half of the delegates to the convention are chosen.
That part of the situation seems to be straight enough.
But when the Tammany position, as "declared by Mr.
Murphy, is laid alongside of Cleveland's straight line it
zigzags like summer lightning. Mr. Murphy says that
the head of a great corporation, which has often, sup
ported Tammany, has asked him to cease opposition to
Judge Parker, threatening to withdraw support if this is
not done. Thereupon Mi*. Murphy proclaims that he
takes his life in his hand and goes forth on an anti-
Parker crusade, to win or fall.
He declares that Mr.- Belmont has used the corpora
tion lobbies in~ the Southern States to secure delegates
for Parker, and this is undoubtedly true. It had already
been noticed in the States penetrated by the Southern
Railway, the Plant system and the Illinois Central. All
of those roads are in financial or sympathetic alliance
with the great lines that run west from New York and
Chicago, and back of them are ambushed the great pro
ductive combinations, which have thrown the gauntlet
down to President Roosevelt. This monster force is
more influential in a Democratic convention than it can
be at the polls. But that it does cherish the hope of
defeating President Roosevelt is apparent in the dis
closures made by Mr. Murphy and by the news agencies.
That the Democratic merger is represented by Mr.
Belmont is plainly evident. That choice is not at all un
wise, though Mr. Hearst, from a very superficial view,
has assumed that it is. Mr. Belmont left the Democratic
party in 1896, and when the country was wildly alarmed
by Bryanism consorted with those Republicans who ac
cepted Bryan's challenge and made sound money the'
paramount issue. Again in 1900 Mr. Belmont was off
the reservation and supported McKinley directly. While,
from a Democratic standpoint, the .coming of such a man
immediately into the responsible leadership of the party
is more than strange and unnatural, yet seen from the
situation which gives the only hope of Democratic suc
cess it is entirely logical and proper. . v '&& .
Ever since the trusts and' combines 'started' on 'a^hunt
for President Roosevelt's scalp it has been apparent that
they could not hit him through the Republican party.
Nor could they hope to use the Bryan organization for
that purpose. The only course left open to them was to
make use of the opportunity to elect delegates to the
Democratic .National Convention who would provide a
"transformation. That cpnvention is to be called to or
der as the old Democracy of 1896, and it will come to
order as something entirely different. It will be . the
new Democracy proclaimed by Mr. Cleveland. This
new Democracy, will be permitted to roar some and
gnash its teeth a little in the party prospectus, called its
platform," but it will be the political instrument, care
fully manufactured and tempered and tried by the trusts
and combinations with which to wreak their vengeance
upon President Roosevelt.
Even Mr. Hearst has been able to stop admiring his
own photograph long enough to see this and has wig
wagged the new merger to the effect that he is in favor
of the good trusts and combinations and is friendly to
legitimate wealth. As no responsive signal comes back
Mr. Hearst begins to fall out of the fight, for he knows
perfectly well that the alliance is made, that he sought
to be its candidate, and, failing in that, he knows that it
is useless for him to spend any more money in getting
delegates. In his recoil he not only closes his various
and brilliant .headquarters in many States, but gives up
his Washington residence, perhaps to go at light house
keeping in a fiat.
His practical abandonment of the field leaves it to the
new Democracy, the trusts and Judge Parker. Tam
many will pitch McClellan into the ring and he will be
pitched out again and the trusts will march against the
President behind the man from Esopus. Fortunately the
President is his own platform. He has brought the
wrath of the trusts to praise him by enforcing the laws
as fearlessly as he does all duties, and the people will
not be misled by platform words in the face of his deeds.
CLEVELAND AND PARKER.
but "as they come* from that part of y the State that is
most interested we repeat our first conclusion, that dis
cussion in this convention would have been better though
it only brought out the different remedies without adopt
ing any of them. Americans always like their day in
court and make compromises only after discussing
them. The committee that took charge of unknown and
undiscussed measures of relief will do wisely if h heed
the feeling' among the people concerned and take the
public into its confidence to a greater extent' than did
the, convention. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1004.
THE SAM FRANGISCQ GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietof , > . . . ? . «;. . Address All Commentations to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ...'.... .f .....'. '........l.v. .;:............... ..Third and Market Streeta, 8. F.
TUESDAY . ... ... ... .... . . .V. . . >\ ... v .;. .MAY 31. 1004
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8RALEIGH. N. C May 30.— An order
to show cause why he should not be
held in contempt of court has. been
served on Hon. Joseph Daniels, editor
of the News and Observer and National
Democratic Committeeman from North
Carolina, by Federal Judge Purneil be
cause of editorials and squibs appear
ing in the News and Observer Sunday
morning. These concerned the appoint
ment on Saturday by Judge Purnell of
a receiver for the North Carolina Rail
way, a * . V'/,
COURT MAY PUNISH ;-, ; !"
EDITOR FOR CONTEMPT
Schaefer. The men called Include
many of the most prominent residents
of the county. Judge .Palmer, who, in
his arguments for the defense In the
McDonald trial, announced that he had
evidence that would shed lieht on the
mystery, Baid he would go before the
Grand Jury and disclose everything he
knows. , ,\»
"It Is my duty," Bald he to-day, "and
I shall not shirk it."
Attorney Assures Grand Jury That
He Will Give New Usrtat on '
the Murder.
REDFORD, Ind.. Mav 30.— A special
Grand Jury was called to-day to in
vestigate the murder of Miss Sarah
may UXRAVEL MYSTERY
OP YOUNG GIRL'S DEATH
. GUt-edge appetite. Gilt Edge Whiskey. You'll
cave both. If you have either. Wlchman, Lut
gen & Co., 28-31 Battery st., S. F. •
.. Traveler! . and . others who . have never ! seen
Del Monte may; do won one-way, tickets be
tween-San Francisco and Los Angeles, which
are sold for $22 and which entitle the holder to
two days' stopover and - entertainment - at tha
famous hotel.- This, rate ls good groins either
direction. ' Children's rate, J14 50. Privilege of.
30 . days' stopover. Ask about ¦ It : of . Southern
Pacific agents,' or at 613 Market street. . •
Entertained nt Del 3Ionte.
OAKLAND, 'May 30. — The final .vote'
on the selection of the site for the new
building; of the Kbell Club will be
taken to-morrow at the rooms \ of the
club between" the- hours of,10";a. m.
and 4 p.' m..; The question will be de
cided" by majority vote. Several sites
have been considered, but: the main
question is ¦ whether the new- build
ing shall be located in the central part
of. the town or in the residence dis
trict; ¦ :-.7fr\ ' ¦¦' '" ' ¦ . " ~ \^--'.. ''
Will Ballot on New Site.
OGDEN, Utah, May 30. — William'
Moore and John Kain, two ex-convicts,
confined In the County Jail here on
£har»;es of burglary, have escaped.-
The men in some way got out of their,
cells into the - corridor and while the
guards', attention was called by a- re-'
quest for a match from another
prisoner, the two slipped quietly, to
the outside and have not been seen
since. Moore arranged a , dummy In
the shape of some bedclothes rolled
up and placed them In his cell. Upon
noticing these the deputy sheriff hur
ried to the outside of the corridor,
but the prisoners had preceded him
by a few minutes and had made good
their escape. ¦ .
Dx-Convicts Work Clever Ruse on
the Guards and Gain Their
Freedom.
PRISONERS ESCAPE
FROM JAIL TS OGDEN
CHICAGO, May JO. — Crazed by
rheumatism, Gustave Rolburgr, 72 years
old, endeavored to amputate his left
foot to relieve himself of pain. As the
old man sat on the floor in his home
and began his operation his wife, who
is helpless from paralysis, looked on
from her chair within a few feet of
him. Her screams attracted two po
licemen, who rushed Into the house
and took the knife from Rolburg. He
had severed an artery and by the time
he arrived at the County Hospital was
so weak It ls thought he cannot re
cover. ;¦¦;; SttSMiyiia
Crazed by Rheumatism, an Aged Man
. Seven an Artery and May
W8M Die-
TRIES TO CUT OFF HIS
FOOT TO RELIEVE PAIN
DENVER, May 30.— A special to the
News from Casper, Wyo., gays that
Lincoln Morrison was perhaps fatally
shot from ambush . while driving
through the town of Thermopolis. Mor
rison has some sheep that graze on
the range claimed exclusively by
cattlemen. Not many months ago
another prominent sheep man of :Ther
mopolis was assassinated.-
WYOMING SHEEP3IAN • '. '
SHOT FROM AMBUSH
BERKELEY, May 20.— C. L. Hamb
linj a collector for William Cluff & Co.,
wholesale grocers of San Francisco,
who left his home last Thursday In a
buggy on a collecting trip through the
bay towns, and who was reported to
the Oakland police as having myste
rinuRly disappeared, returned to his
residence to-day. His wife explains
that he was taken ill during the trip,
which, accounts for his long absence
and her anxiety.
Mining 3Ian Returns.
For Seattle Direct.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Compa
ny's palatial Alaska excursion steamship
Spokane will leave Pier 9. San Francisco,
at 11 a. ra.. June 1. Ticket offices, 4 New
Moptgomery street (Palace Hotel) and 10
M*rket street. C. D. Dunann. Gen. Pass.
A«t^ 10 Market street. San Francisco. •
NEW YORK, May 30.— Money orders
from all over the country, aggregating
thus far $30,000, are pouring into the
general postofllce for a concern known
as the "Eastern Trade Company."
Mail thus addressed, was ordered held
up a month ago by the postal authori
ties because, Jt is alleged, of a circular
•which fell into the hands of a mail
clerk informing him that he had won
a prize of some sort for which, to his
knowledge, he had never competed.
Advertising in the local postoffices
throughout the country has failed , to
check the stream of money orders and
they are being returned to the senders
as fast as possible. One clerk is kept
bttf y remaning the letters at the rate
of 1000 a day.
Money Orders Addressed to Eastern
Trade Company Are Bclns Re
turned to Senders.
MAIL TO MYSTERIOUS
CONCERN IS STOPPED
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 30.— A fight
has already been started for the United
States Senatorship left vacant by the
death of Senator Quay. It is said that
George T. Oliver and William Flynn,
the Allegheny County Republican lead
ers, favor the election of Millionaire
Henry C. Frick. When questioned to
day several members of the Legislature
expressed themselves as satisfied with
the selection. " •
Governor Pennypacker said he had
not considered what action was" neces
sary for the selection of Senator Quay's
successor. He will do nothing until
after the funeral. All of the State de
partments will be closed in accordance
with the Governor'* proclamation.
BEAVER, Pa., May 30.— None but
the relatives and immediate friends of
the late Senator M. S. Quay were ad
mitted to the house tx>-day. All de
tails for the services to.- morrow, when
the public will have an opportunity to
View the remains, have been arranged.
After the church doors are opened at
10 o'clock details .from the Beaver
Grand Army Post will be stationed at
the - entrance of the building and
throughout the church to handle the
crowds. The church doors will be
closed at 1 o'clock In the afternoon
and not opened until the hour of the
funeral.
The Senator's last resting place will
be alongside of his father. ; with 'the
grave of his mother Just beyond. Five
children lie In a row at the foot of
these graves. The, lot ls about . the
center of the cemetery and is marked
by a marble monument ,.
During ¦ the hours of the funeral of
Senator Quay to-morrow the Beaver
Valley will be as quiet as a tomb. Not
a wheel will turn in the mills and fac
tories, not a store or shop will be open.
Many places of business will be draped
in black. The street cars of the Beaver
Valley Traction. Company, which oper
ates six lines and twenty... miles . of
track, warodraped to-night, and as the
cars pass through Beaver they will run
slowly and not a gong will be sounded.
During the funeral the cars will be
stopped and left standing in the streets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Lively Scramble in Pennsyl
vania for Late Senator's
Seat in Upper House
QUAY'S TOGA
IS THE PRIZE
The wires ran to the hospital and
were there branched into fifty tele
phone receivers, one for each patient
and nurse. So pleased were the eick
persons over the experiment that It
was decided to make the innovation a
permanent affair.
PHILADELPHIA, May 30.— Patients
In their cots at the Samaritan Hospital
listened by telephone to a sermon in
the Grace Baptist Temple, more than
a mile away, yesterday. . '
It was the first practical application
of the telephone for this purpose. The
apparatus in the temple consisted of
five megaphones suspended from wires
with the larger ends reaching the pul
pit and the preacher. The "smaller
ends were closed and connected in the
ordinary transmitters.
By Use of Telephone in Philadelphia
Hospital Patients Listen to Ser
mon Given a Mile Away.
IXYAIilDS HEAR IiOXG " '
DISTANCE ADDRESS
OMAHA. May 30.— Willie Roberts,
the boy balloonist, made an ascension
this evening In spite of an injunction
obtained by his parents to restrain him
from engaging in the dangerous occu
pation.
Roberts, who is only about seventeen
years old, has been making ascensions
in this vicinity for two or three years.
His parents have always done their
utmost to prevent it. •
Last year he was engaged to make
regular ascensions at one resort. After
his parents succeeded in preventing
him fulfilling this contract he gave
dally exhibitions for a week at another
resort before his father learned what
he was doing. ' '/
Yesterday he appeared at the park,
dressed in tights and all preparations
were made for his ascension. Then the
injunction papers were presented to
the park management, holding it liable
if he were allowed to make the ascent.
The date was accordingly canceled and
another man was sent up.
To-day the lad begged permission to
make one more ascent. He holds the
local record for a long distance rise
and wanted to try to break, it- He
promised to retire from- the business
after this ascension until he becomes
of age.
Roberts has bought himself a balloon
and a parachute with the proceeds of
his exhibitions. ? *
Ej*cial Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, May 30.— The annual Pan-
German CongTess at Luebeck to-day
took on the character of a sharp criti
cism of Emperor William and the sys
tem of personal government. Profes
sor Hasje, a former member of the
Reichstag, said the. best elements of
the people earnestly wished the Em
peror would choose advisers who had
the courage to ask him to spend at
least half the year at the capital, so
that they might daily confer personally
with him, without the intervention of
courtiers, and who would have the
courage to resicn when their advice
was disregarded. The professor's words
evoked great applause.
A resolution adopted by the congress
declares It is "imperatively necessary
f jt the political and business interests
of the empire to acquire a foothold on
the Atlantic Coast region of Morocco,
and the congress feels it to be a hu
miliating disregard of Germany that
France and Great Britain fixed the
future of Morocco without consulting
Germany, thus treating her like a
power of third rank."
3Iakes Balloon Ascension De
spite an Injunction Ob
tained by His Parents
Former Hember of Reichstag
Comments on Continual
Absence of the Emperor
WANTS KAISER
TO STAY HOME
BOY AERONAUT
DEFIES COURT
Miss Keefe was the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Daniel Keefe of 1628 Union
street, San Francisco. The Keefes
were spending the summer at Goep
pert's villa. Miss Keefe was a tele
phone operator at the Palace HoteL
She came across the bay last evening
to remain over Decoration day with
her family. This morning after
breakfast she started to the baths.
Her brothers, George and John, had
preceded her and were swimming
when the accident occurred.
The body was found about forty feet
from the place where the young
woman was when the accident oc
curred. She was dead. Willing hands
conveyed her to Goeppert's villa and
Coroner Sawyer was notified.
The accident occurred at 11:07
o'clock, near Escalle station, the train
leaving San Rafael at 10:50 causing it-
Miss Keefe was crossing the tracks
near Goeppert's villa. The up-coun
try electric train had just passed and
a steam special picnic train was fol
lowing. A train en route to Sausali
to was due at the same time. , It is
presumed that Miss Keefe heard the
steam train approaching, but could
not hear the oncoming electric train.
A curve in the road would also ob
struct her view. She stepped off one
track and on to the other, but as the
electric train came the car struck Miss
Keefe in the back of the head. Her
body was hurled upward and her head
struck a large brass alarm bell on
the motor car, breaking it off.
Motorman Driscoll saw the girl and
knew the collision was inevitable. Just
as his car struck Miss Keefe he threw
on the brakes and fainted. The train
stopped after eight of the ten cars
passed over the girl's body.
SAN RAFAEL, May 30. — While en
route to Join her brothers in swim
ming at Escalle . baths, Miss Lillie
Keefe, a pretty blonde, 19 years of
age, was struck by an electric train
on the North Shore Railroad to-day
and instantly killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Pretty San Francisco Tele
phone Operator the '.Victim
of and Appalling Accident,
on the North Shore Line
RAILE0AD E3IPL0YE
FAINTS FE0M H0RR0K
Young Woman Attempts to
Avoid Approaching Trains
at a Station in Marin
County and Is Killed
MOTOR CAR
HURLS GIRL
TO DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU, TUESDAY, MAY. 31,: 1001.
9
COLUmBIA wsaa mm
Erary Night Except Sunday.
HA.TI2TEI: SATUXSAT O3TX.Y.
Charles rrohman Presents
MAUDE
ADAMS
Her First Stellar Appearaae* her* \m
THE LITTLE MINISTER.
CALIFORNIA
f| AHOTHI3 TXXUaKPB! B^
Th« Incomparables— the greatest stock
company la existence.
Tha Oliver Morosco Company
Presenting PAUL LEICESTER
FORD'S charming comedy of ta« Rev-
olution,
JANICE MEREDITH
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY.
i ' • Vgunday! — Julia Marlowe's most recent
triumph. THE CAVALIER, a stirring
B story of the South In war time.
Unprecedented Attractions!
Perxar. Col* and Company; Gastoa aa*
Store: Power* Brothers: Burxe. La>
Rue and tha Inky Boys; Colby Pwany:
AI lAWTence; Ball* Gordon; Orpheuat
Motion Pictnxea and SUreel's .
LIVING ART STUDIES.
1 Regular MaUsea Every Wednesday, Tliun-
<Jay. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 23o
and BOc. . '
THl; GREAT ALFONS,
Europe's Foremost Equilibrist.
And » Splendid Snow Every Afternoon
cad Eveniai- ia tia Theater.
TAKE A RIDS OH THE
aXXinATTTSS ELECTXXO UAUJtOAD
Eszneralda and Her BABY MONKEY la ti«
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AaCATZTTB NIGHT TKUK3DAT.
Adtnfsslon. lOr: Children. 5<?. .. /
Pninna DOIMT FAIL TO
lalawV gee the beaotifnl
j COURT Lounging
H fl fl room, the EMPIRE
, auu parlor, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
lirflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR. and the LA-
H X~1« DIES> WRITING
Hotels room -
AMUSEMENTS.
GRANDS
This Week Only— MATINEE SATURDAY.
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELL
la a Superb Production of Eanloa'a
| GISMOINDA "|
Next Sunday Mat.,
A CAPTAIN OF NAVARRE
POPULAR PRICES— 13c. 23c, 60c. 73c.
June 13— MRS. LESLIE CARTER In
DC BARRY.
ALCAZAR M ™r
¦ . General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. THTTRS. & SATS..
Tha -Delightful Romantic Drama
Toll Gate Inn
A Stlrrinjr Colonial Lace Story.
Evgs.,C5c to 75c; llats.Thurs. & Sat., 23c to GOc
NEXT MONDAY. GRAND SCENIC PRODUC-
TION,
UNDER TWO FLAGS.
Oulda's Popular Drama of Romance.
In Preparation — "LOVERS' LANE."
Next Month — "WHITE WHTTTLESEY."
CENTRAL*!?
Market st.. near Eighth. Phone South S3&
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Famous Historical Drama.
| A CELEBRATED CAST
The Powerful Romance of a Hero of Fontenoy.
Magnificently Staged! Brilliantly Cast:
Gorgeously Costumed!
DDirTC Evenings 10c to 50c
rKlttO Matinees.. 10c. 13c, 25o
NEXT — "THE PEDDLES."
A UNIVERSAL VERDICT.
Best "All Round" Show Ever OSerfd lnSaa
Francisco.
XJ. S.
A Cyclonlcally Funny Burlesque.
A Company of Genuine Artists.
CAROLINE HULL. EDNA AUG. GARRITY
SISTERS YOnKE A ADAMS. AL. FIELDS.'
EDWIN CLARK. BEN DILLON; ROY AL-
TON.
A Real "Star" Chorua — Fifty Actual Novelties
Watch for the Sensation Next Sunday Night
Lionel Lawrence's
"EIGHT BADIUM GrRXS."
' ' SAME POPULAR PRICES. -
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The Wee^j Call.
V;iji pci» Year.
NEW ADVEBTISEMEirrS.
- BISW SCXEBTIPIC PB0CES3. , - '
A Preparation DiacoTcred That Will JJe-
¦'¦"- «troy the Dandruff Oerm.
For some' time it has been known that
dandruff ls caused by a germ that digs
up the scalp into little white Cakes, and
by sapping the vitality of the hair at the
root, causes falling hair. and,. of course,
finally baldness. ' For .years there have
been all kinds ,of hair stimulants and
scalp tonics on the market, but there has
been no permanent cure for dandruff un-
til the discovery of a preparation called
Newbro's Herpldde, which destroys the
dandruff germ. Destroy, the cause, the
effect will cease to exist. Kill the dan-
druff germ and you'll have no dandruff,
no itching scalp, no falling hair. Sold by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps for
sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit,
Mich. ¦-•--. • :.-¦: v..
SOZODONT
Tooth Powder
Neir Patent Top Can. Compare qiiantity and ,
quality with others. Sozodont la economy,
> AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI SS5&
. THIS WEEK ONLY— TOT MAT. HAT.
THE * " H C»
EVER- _ _7
POPULAR TOY
DAINTY ¦ !¦-¦ V^ I
|-<g%& I MAKER
: Splendid Cast, Scenery and Costumes.
NEXT MONDAY NIOHT
.' . : ¦ First Production la Thl* City . Qf .
¦ The 'Military Comic ¦ Opera ¦ Triumph, -V
SERGEANT/ KITTY
'.':¦ ¦¦*¦'> . '¦' San Fr»i;dsco Debut of -
LILLIAN SEFTON. Prim* Donna Sopra.no.
USUAL TIVOLI, PRICES— 25c. 50c. 75c
j- . ADVERTISEMENTS.
| Our entire stock and the stock of a large New York
I • manufacturer will be closed out at ,
1 29c on the Dollar.
| NEW YORK CLOAK MARKET DEMORALIZED.
j MAW HOUSES HAVE FAILED.
}' /*. Mr. Siminoff has just returned from the East. New
| York manufacturers have offered him goods at any price,
» just to get the cash. He purchased over 40,000 Ready-
! Made Garments at a song.
j>. TO-DAY AT 9 A. M. BEGINS THE
j Greatest Slaughter of Prices
t Ever Known.
! Tailor Suits at- . • $1.45, $3.95. $4.95 and $6.95
! Silk Shirt Waist Suits at - . . -. $6.45
! Silk Waists at- • • -95c, §1.45, $1.95 and $2.45
| : Walking Skirts at .45c ? 95c and $1.45
\ Dress Skirts at , $1.95, $2.45 and $2.95
(Jackets at- :.-.¦-• 95c, $1.95. $2.45 and $2.95
| Long Coats at $4.95, $5.95 and $7.45
| Feather Boas at - . • • • ' $3.95 and $4.95
j REMEMBER— EVERYTHING AT 29c ON THE DOLLAR
[ \g^^^ Wholesale Manufacttrrers
! J^^ 1142-1146 Alarket St.
; . , ADVEBTISEarJENTS. :
M S^L M. — The CORDES System maizes \)^^^^^^HB£il Wl
eg* , ai'Cflsy mzuiGr. You will uDu Seti-^, ¦ 1-3 bw
!a^© f^& C^ UQ^y paramount; you will find /^^S^^^^^y
iTb. wsr^^ fl fair, feed prices openly cxploflcd. EVEfiY j^S^W^S^^i W
©lm !Lb!€$ ai^ ticle marked in plain figvpes. W
G> j&*fB m m ca itf^ ou tai €n^ css wrtdy *° choose y^ra|^^^^^^i§B |/
k^ *LM S*fi $M B'^5 from# Pomts thal ma^ c 9 SIotq on the
Square the Store of the people. gv|^^*3^^^^ ' piw
No. 1-DaTenport Sofa Bed »{*w No. 3°Enamel Bed HS^SWlS PilffC
frame; Colonial design; best stesl spring. Heavy uprights; gracefully curved fill- jgafc j l.Vl4*4^t
Upholstered la high grade cf Verona; beau- Ing; angle Iron end and side rails, tf h C. C F*^^^^jjf / \'fi5^1^J^^M^% : ¦
tlfully tufted. An article of rare C3*7 HJ2 A graceful design. Prlce~ »•-»?• »p^«UJ ISf^^H^^r^S^^Si^ 1^ '' '^H — —^— —
No. 2-3-Piece Bedroom Suit n °*: No. 5-Dining Table
Jsh; prettily carved, highly polished; dresser Box top, 6-foot draw; turned legs. ferSfer^JJf^l^^^^Xa HI raestlc R«^
has large bevel plate mirror; q.*)h CA art^'c design worthy of any C«j7 Ofj P^^^kc^;5\SSa^J? t>'i Th * Verr lat *
shaped top, brass trimmings. Rrice'P^^**^ dining room. Price ?• •*»¦ • Uk ' KsS,. J^V~^^'P^y est P™duc-
mmmmmmmm m^mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm^mmmmmmmi^imm^mmmmmmmm^mm tmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmmm^mmmmmmmmm^mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtm fgj^ ¦ ji ij I U \ - . . -.-.*.•.'¦]'- "* ~ --^^1 tlOHS. fl IX 0 S t
Nn !=— Thp Re<ral Ranrrp WJ11 y 007 fuel bill In half. Every part A*^t A A r^^^y ,, "iT* 11 i n, JTi desJ ff n3 and
mA ineK^ IKan S e , guaranteed. Term.tJldownand^laweek. ffl.UUdO^Tl COl ° r '*"*
We giv» a practical demonstration of the marvelous baking qualities |m I . which are ex-
of the Regal "Ranga every aftsrnoon from two until five. Come and W/ JL 3 WS6K sS^JgffiiTpJ aCt cople3 ot
see buscuits made in from five to seven minutes. v -¦- v : isn^^R ? rwiiTWmsf WtnmwffffiM&i the fla^st Ori-
CADDFTS DDADFDY *** *?" *
\*Jr\tClrLt X L3 UJtZJcXMrJuiK & _Masjip.i. ¦ ¦— — w— w— »^— ¦« space In your
The largest selection of floor covering rt *ould bs impossible to gl^e an ade- P»^ home which
in the West no* open' for your inspection, quatejdea of our- mammoth stock or of the feg^^ / -&ZZ2§=^i *****
_ _ , . A J , f *\ , t low prices In the columns of this paper. All 1I5t !^t: ' ' .t_ *^^~fl tnins thcre ls
Can and verify our statement Hundreds of we ask is that you visit our Drapery Depart- W^^S^^^^^^M »«thin«ao»
exclusive designs In Wiltcns, Axmlnsters, ment and se« the exquisite designs displayed. I'Sj-B^^^B^^^ff^HH^Kl e=ecUv « thaa
Body Brussels, Tapestry Brussels, Ingrain, n^n? A C v !c« Cnrta'nv +-inch ruffle; 3 yards |^g3«^^^^^^»^M'g^| the softbiead-
Fiber Carpet, Matting, Linoleum and Oil KBIIJCfl SWISS V f n f m loag^ha.wicfKQqp #^^'^^^g^^ ot Ortea-
Ctoth. Nothing is more necessary for the ™ T^ T T 3 \^^^^^^^^
artistic hrmishlng of the home than the Nottingham Uce CflrtaiflS JJSf g£ " ! f"^ ara
floor covering and we guarantee you satis- and fibred enter, P« pair »1 l^g^^^ ££T/ \*'
rue o«kj t& ins. vide, 3 yxrds Ion?" plain * •SJH38Q~ r *^™'*^ jBHiB^f J. %SSm P»oaucea in
faction as we have the goods to do it You tOOCn tOTers or Bagdad stripe, ar- tf«^ nP fe'V c'-W^^W^B&m^sL^J^ these beanti-
Will find our prices right. tistic woven fabric. Special, each j)O.fD " B^^^&^^'S^^««5B : 1 examples
ADVXBTISEBTEIfTa. .
j>*S MARKET OT^jfc
I TWO-DAY SPECIALS. |M\^J
\ '" • .GROCERIES. H^^K V^ _K
H XA.STrE.IT EAKS SCOTCH AKD QVAXIS S»r7/^^ / 'x
[I •¦• pound 11 \iv. OAT3 V^- 10<*mSX£jC^ 1
¦ All sixes. Sugar cur-d. Prize In every package, l»- u S?»aaK. 1
. II Usual good select quality. Reg. 15c. u£<§T I
H QUEEST *O1JVXS HOME - MADE MAJEUttA- ft|S5f <• [\ j
U SlpeheA Re?«£™ cious— there Is bl* differ- §j / /
9 Fancy middies. True'cod BONELESS HXKKIKO ... ¦ 1 I
j| flavor. Reg. 10c Glass front box..... JOc B I *** " I
fl FAlfCY CSEAMEEY BUT- Limited quantity. Reg. HI | k \
\\ TTS. sonar* 32c 25c sixe - M Is V xfc
j* Tour selection. From the UOPERIAi BLEND TEA m I C \fXL-
fl finest creameries. No re- pooal .15c ¦ I ' 12»
fl serve. To-day only. Oolon*. Ceylon'Uncolored, Bb/s \ «\ • y E»
Ij ETAITOAKII TOSIATOES.. garden Japan Te%«. Free B>Wj\ -T3 Y
[i Best brands. . .4 cans 113c samples at our demon- H ??/ • r&A I
M Reg. 3 for :5c. ' stration counter. Reg. 60c. [fL <1l <• I^tt. Jt.
LIQUORS. . g^X-^Tjfg
t j STAPLE BRASTDS MARTLAITD CZ.UB VTHXS. cC^V'^Kh^^J
U WKISKIES: KEY bottle 7<)c Wi>&SJv^C^^S
a Canadian^ Club SI. OS HaHimore special. Iteg. \f^^^|^^V
Ij Karquett* f)fK? TABLE BEXSZ.I2TO .-.
si Reg. $1. 25. gallon 4 Oe
. Old Crow f»r»c Good palatable wine. | :
f| Bond BEHEDICOTTE. .bot. 90c all
[ Oscar Peeper .....81.00 Monk liquor. Reg. $1.10. Hi
K Reg. $1.25. ECtlPSE CHAMPAGNX.. IE
la Xeiiorr's AA 75c .- ptat« ;i5c I if
H Reg. J1.00. - Bottle fermented. Arpad lli
i] OLD CEOW WHISKEY. . . Harn.-tthy's. Reg. 50c. If II
K .' g-aUon $3.OO TABLE POST AWXJ SHEB- t^ r -—flT*—- rai
H l^l'S. Keg. J4.00. EY gallon r»."»e fipgfV SfaSa^
¦Most of the Japanese cities are very
old and their streetg"are-too narrow for
street railways. To rebuild the streets
for the use, of the street railways is
riot an easy matter.
the early morning; tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth . time column gives the last tide of the
day. ejecept when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low. waters:
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ! For. . / / Balls.
Humboldt.... Ekagway & Way Ports. May 31
Dlrigo.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 1
Senator...... Nome •.........•••••••• June '1
Oregon....... Nome ................. JuneVl
Excelsior.,... Valdex &. Way -Ports.. June 1
Tacoma...... Nome ft -Teller.....".;'. June 1
Olympia. Nome & St. Michael... June 2
Garonne Nome & Golovln Bay.. June 2
Roanolce..... Nome & St. Michael... June 4
Victoria...... Nome ..;...........¦•• June '4
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 8
J. Dollar..... Valdez & Seward June 8
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low .Waters
at: Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
7 Bay. Published by official authority of the
¦¦ Superintendent. " ¦
' NOTE — The high . and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later, than at • Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same at both places. ' • 1 - -
TUESDAY. MAY 31.
Sun rlBes.................... 4:41
1 Sun. sets ........ ....... ........... '..'.. .r;7:I5
Moon . rises :....". . • V 1 . .9:22 p.m.
t3 Time • - Time " -¦ Time ?•" Tlmel ¦'.<¦'
R • — Ft Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
• ' H W * L W ¦¦• -¦ H W • -:• • L ,W[
31 |. . .. .| : B.6| e:55|— 0;7| 2:O7| 'j 4.7| 6:33| ¦¦ 3.2
KOyjBh-In tbe • i bo,T« sxposjtlss fit jlhj ttdsi
Sun. Moon and Tide.
Eteatner. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Kay 31. I
Ban Juan..- N T via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Samoa Ix>s Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport I/Way... 9 am Pier 11
Jeanle 8eattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Corona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
-, ¦ Jon* i 1.
Spokane.... Seattle direct 11 am Pier 9
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Doric.-. China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Ellaabeth..- Coqullle Hlver .... B pm Pier 20
Arcat* Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 3
Iaqua Humboldt 1 4 pm Pier 2
8. Barbara. Los Angeles Porte. 12 m Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Argo :.. Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Bt. Paul.... Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pier 20
Btate of Cal Ban Diego * Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
Juno 3. • I
Pomona. . . . Humboldt ......... J :30t> Pier 9
Herat's Hamburg * Way. 12 ra Pier 19
June 4.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 3
Coos Bay... Ban Pedro & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu ......... }} am Pier 7
Umatllla;.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
• Jua* 6. '.
North Fork. Humboldt ; 5pm Pier 20
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay 6 pm Pier 16
•Tuns 6. "
Columbia... Astoria &; Portland 11 am Pl«r 24
. June 7.
Cha«. N#lso Nome & Teller.... .............!
Curacao Mexican PortB .... 10 am Pier 11
TO SAIL.
8teamer. From. | I Due.
Arctic Humboldt May 31
Serapls. . ... . . Seattle May .".1
Elizabeth Ccquille River May 31
Eureka Humboldt ••• May 31
Alameda Honolulu I May 31
Umatllla Puget- Sound Ports May 31
Porno Point Arena A Albion.. May 31
Argo Eel River Ports May 31
City Peking. . New York via Panama. May 31
Tellus Oyster Harbor June 1
Newport New York via Panama. June 1
Santa Cruz... San Pedro 4 Way Pts. June 1
Pomona Humboldt June 1
North Fork.. Humboldt ..June 2
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt^Arena.lJune 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports|June 2
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma June 3
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. June 8
Columbia Portland & Astoria..... June 3
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham.. June fi
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. June fi
Queen.. Puget Sound Ports.. .. Jun« ft
Ventura .. Sydney & Way Ports. June 8
City Para.... New York via Panama. Jun« 8
Coptic ... China & Japan.... (June 3
Tixrjfe -».alL
Branch Hyfirographlq Office. V. S. N., Mer-
chaste' Exchange;, San Francisco, Cal..
M*y SO. /
The Time Bail on/ the tower of the Ferry
fcatldlng was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
j. sv. at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. in. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. TJ. E. N.. in charge
ARRIVED.
Monday, May SO.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 42 hours
from San Dlecro. g "
Stmr F. A. Kilburn, Ja&nsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodzers.
Stmr Gualala, Panzer, 12 hours from Bend
ers Landlnc. f
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, 42 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Melville Dollar. Fosen, 36 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Newburg, Andresen, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, 43 hour* from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 64 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Edith Hall, 96 hours from Seattle.
Strar Westport, Smith. 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr ConSanza, Johnson, 19 hours from Sad
dle Rock.
SAILED.
I . Monday, May SO.
Stmr Ilwaco. Lefflngwell, Pigeon Point
Htror F. A. Kilburn, Jahnsen, Port Rodgeri.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria. B.C.
Btmr Newburg, Andresen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. Point Arena.
Stmr Charles NHson, Gunderson, Eureka.
Stmr Melville Dollar Foeen, Tacoma. *
i TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOBOS. May 30, 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind west; velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
May 18— In lat 45 N. long 35 W, Ger ship
Nereus, from Rotterdam, for New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS. : : ?.\>
. GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 2»— Stmr
Chehalls and schrs J. M. Weatherwax and
A. M. Baxter, for San Pedro; schr Sailor Boy,
for San Francisco.
Arrived May 29 — Stmr G. C. Llndauer, hence
May 26. I
FORT BRAGO— Arrived May 80— Stmr
Brunswick, hence May 29.
REDONDO— Arrived May 29— Bktn Wrestler,
from Grays Harbor.
Arrived May 30 — Stmr Noyo from Ban
Pedro.
Balled May SO— Schr Stlmson, for Ballard;
bark Vidette, for Fort Bragg. •
Arrived May SO— Stmr Aetna, from Fort
Bragg.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 80— Btmr Man
daisy, from Eureka.; stmr Coqullla River, from
Port Los Angeles; stmr Santa Cruz, hence
May 27.
Sailed May 80 — Stmr Iaqus. for San Fran
cisco. - .
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived . May 80— Stmr
Santa Monica, hence May 28. V
BANDON— Sailed May 29— Schr Advance
and stmr Elizabeth, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BENDi-Arrived May 30— Stmr Se
quoia, hence May 26.
KUREKA— Arrived May 29 — Strora Pomona
and Eureka, hence May 28; stmr North Fork,
hence May 27. "-•.--
Sailed May 28— Stmr Prentlss, for San Fran
cisco; stmr South Bay, for San Pedro.
Arrived May 29 — Stmr Phoenix, hence May
28. ' "•: -¦¦•¦ .- : ¦ •
Sailed ' May 29 — Stmr Westport, for San
Francisco. May 80— Stmr Eureka, for San
Francisco. ' .
SEATTLE — Arrived May 80^ — Stmr Lakme,
from Eureka.'
SAN DIEGO — Arrived May 80— Stmr Iacfua.
from San Pedro. ' J ' ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦.
TATOOSH — Passed out May 30^ — Nor stmr
' Tcllus, from Oyster Harbor, for San . Fran
cisco: schr Albert Meyer, from Ballard, - for
San Pedro. ¦
Passed out May 30— Ger itmr Ser&pli, from
Seattle, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 30— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco.
Balled May 30— Ger bark Nal, for U. K.
BELLINGHAM — Arrived May 29— Stmr
Rainier, from Seattle. - • *
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 80—
Stmr Noyo, from Redondo; bark-. Vidette. from
'Redondo; sailed stmr: Noyo, for San Fran
cisco.
POUT GAMBLE— Sailed May 30— Schr Gam
ble,: for Algoa Bay.
COOS BAY — Sailed May 29— Schr . Melane
thon, for San Francisco.
-¦ EVERETT — Sailed May 30 — Schr :, Snow St
Burgess, for Nome. : f .
ISLAND PORTS. . - . -
HONOLULU— Arrived May 30— U» S .stmr
Thetis, from crulss; U 8 stmr Albany, from
Manila and Shaghai.
- MANI1-A— Sailed May 13— Bktn '; John
Palmer, for Port Towraend. ISfraEagsSgggn
: EASTERN PORTS. .
NEW YORK— Arrived May • 29— Br stmr AI
bengs, . from Manila. ¦ ¦ _-...-.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CORONEL— Sailed ; May- 2J^-Br stmr Aid
gate, for New York. :¦„'/ .. 1
".HAMBURG— Sailed May 26— Ger ship Carl/
for Port Los Angeles. / ' . t
MEWCABTJA A.U§ l ~S»U ? d-.Mai:^lfcrBr >1
nfgfcai MM— flia I ¦iMffri T
Shipping Intelligence.
The steamship Stanley Dollar arrived May
£9 at Wcihalwei from Kobe. The M. S. Dollar
>': Mr", the earn* £ay for Kobe.
The. City of Peking, which has been en
(-¦ ;<. J In coffee tramping for some months
along the Central American coast, ]<• due here
to-<iey.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ucer Ala
rntda is due to-day from H° co 'ulu with a
large number of paseengeni.
Water Front Notes.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Lamorna and
Conemaugh. 00 per cent; Laura, 60 per cent;
lima, Leyland Bros, and Crown of Germany,
10 per cent; Juteopolls, Neck. Wynford. Queftn
Elizabeth La Rochefoucauld. Largo Law ana
Willy Rickmers. 7 per cent.
The Overdne list.
«tmr Tterla. for Manila..
SUE5S— Arrived May 29— Br stmr Inaranl,
from Port Natal, for Nagasaki.
SHIELDS— Sailed May 2S— Fr bark Join
vllle, for San Francisco.
SWANSEA— Sailed May 28 — Br. bark Btrath
don, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MOVILLE— Arrived May 30— Stmr Preto
rlan, from Montreal and ' Liverpool. ¦ •
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 30— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosee, from New York. for_Cher
bourg and Bremen. . and proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 30— Stmr Mlnne
tonka. from London..*'
BREMEN— Arrived May 30— Stmr Fried
rich der Grosse. from New'York, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May 30— Stmr Koenig
Albert, from New York, for Naples and Genoa,
and proceeded.
Sailed May 30^ — Stmr Princess Irene, from
Genoa and Naolee. for New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed May 30— Stmr Corin
thian, for Montreal.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May SO— Stmr*- Bax
barossa, from Bremen and Southampton, for
New York.
NAPLES — Arrived May SO — Stmr Romanic,
from Boston.
LONDON— Arrived May 80— Stmr Minneap
olis, from New York.. . '.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
The British ehlp Merioneth., which arrived
here In August. 1902. was towed yesterday
from Sausallto. where she has been laid up,
to the Union Iron Works drydock. ,-. She has at
last been chartered and»after having been
scraped and painted will load grain for Queens
town. The Merioneth is famous for her speed
and- some years ago came here from England
in 98 days.
Merioneth on Drydock.
These trips to Alaska have gained
great popularity with Eastern and for
eign tourists and passengers enough
have been booked already for every
trip to insure a good season. Burton
Holmes made the trip last year and
embodied his experiences In one of/ his
lectures. He since has delivered that
lecture in every large Eastern city and
In many parts of England and Scot
land. Wherever he has spoken of
Southeastern Alaska Pacific Coast
Steamship Company time tables, de
scriptive folders and other guides and
lures to the Pacific Coast have been
distributed among the audience and
more than one of Burton Holmes'
When the steamship State of Califor
nia docked yesterday at Broadway
wharf Captain H. C. Thomas, her com
mander, ended the last southern trip
he will make for some months. Cap
tain Thomas has been selected by the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company to
command the Spokane, which leaves
here to-morrow for Seattle. The Spo
kane leaves Seattle June 7 for South
eastenfAlaska and for the rest of the
summer will make the excursion trips
of which the company has made a spe
cial feature every year. She will make
six trips In all, leaving Seattle every
fourteen days. '- ¦---
listeners will be among the passengers
carried north this summer on the Spo
kane.
BRITISH SHIP MERIONETH. WHICH WAS TOWED YESTERDAY FROM SAUSAUTO TO THE UNION IRON WORKS. 1
WHERE SHE WILM BE DRYDOCKED AND PREPARED FOR SEA. .SHE ARRIVED HERB AUGUST. 1002, AND EVER j
SINCE HAS BEEN LAID UP AWAITING CHARTER, ' . ' ¦ - J
Number of Deaths is Fourteen Per
Cent IiOwer Than Average of
Former Years.
CHICAGO. May 30.— The lowest May
death rate on record in Chicago is re
ported in the weekly bulletin of the
health department. The bulletin
eays :
•'During the twenty-eight days that
have elapsed there has been a total of
3990 deaths, furnishing an annual death
rate of 13.44 per 1000 population. The
average rate of the previous decade
¦was . 15.63, so that the closing month's
record will be 14 per cent lower than
the average and nearly 2 per cent low
or than the previous lowest — that of
1901. when It was 13.70."
MAY DEATII RATE IN
. CinCAGO BREAKS RECORD
"God has saved us from horse races.
There are a few people who are inter-'
e^ted In them now. One day in the
spring, perhaps, 60.000 people go to a
horse race that is the center of attrac
tion: In the old days there would have
been fifty such races in a year when
the city would have been deserted for
the race, track. We must remember
that God has helped this nation a great
deal and we must remember that he
vill "we us through in the future."
•'It-Tvill be vu.'.jar to have jingling
chains, on your horses;" he prophesied,
• so that people may know of your ap
proach; vulgar to have bright colors
blazing: on your carriages in the form
of monograms ; vulgar to publish in the
newspapers the amount spent on flow
ers at a funeral or reception, and if
any continue to be So vulgar, you'll
pass such a man by as you would a
cemmon beggar or criminal.
"This country is very soon going to
learn sobriety, prudence, simplicity and
the essential vulgarity of the wearing
on the outside the exhibit of the prop
ert yof the possessors."
Dr. HiUis took issue with the pessim
ist* \rho talk of the "good old times,"
and who declare that society of to-day
i* rapidly going to the bad. He con
tinued:
"We talk ntnv about a great gam
bling: mania. You say that all men are
rushing out on Sunday to gamble.
Read what a minister wrote two gen
erations ago: "Three-quarters of all
X>ur people have become gamblers.' You
«ay that there is a lack of temperance.
liead that Itemized account for wine
and whisky for the entertainment of
the Congregational Ministers' Associa
tion of «yi Eastern State in the early
part of tie last century. -£-
:SEW YORK. May 30.— In his s«rmon
In Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, yester
day, the Rev. Newell Dwight Hillis
express.*! the belief that In the next
generation it will be considered vulgar
to be rich. T~}.', ' . ' : ¦-¦-'.,
Society Is Growing Bet
ter Instead of Worse
Clergyman Points Out That
PESsnnsTS are scored
Brooklyn Minister Believes
That in Near. Future It
Will Be Vulgar to Be Rich
Captain H. C. Thomas Will Command the Vessel During/ the
Vacation Season, Sailing From 'Here To-Morrow and Leaving
Seattle June 7— Passengers Are Booked From All Over World
PREDICTS FALL
OF MAMMON
STEAMSHIP SPOKANE WILL TRANSPORT
SUMMER EXCURSIONISTS TO ALASKA
KANSAS RIVER
NOW RECEDING
All Danger Is Passed and
Trains Will Soon Be Ban
ning on Schedule Time
TOURISTS AEE DELAYED
Californian Among Those
Surrounded by High Water
Succumbs to Tuberculosis
TOPEKA, Kans., May 30.— The high
water in the Kansas. River is receding
slowly to-night and all danger is past.
Two bad washouts on the Santa Fe,
between Topeka and. Emporia, have
not -yet'' been repaired, but trains will
be running as usual by to-morrow.
The heaviest rains of yesterday fell in
parts of Kansas other than the Kaw
Valley, or there would have been much
higher water- here. Much damage has
been done to growing crops . by the
rains of the past two days.
One Missouri Pacific and three Santa
Fe passenger trains are stalled at
Queen, Mo., surrounded by high water.
It i3 estimated that 1000 passengers are
refugees there.
Frank Stevens' of San Bernardino,
who was on a Santa Fe train, died to
day of tuberculosis.
KANSAS CITY. May 30.— Five pile
bridges erected following''.- the great
flood last year, all frail affairs, have
been damaged, a portion of each being
carried cut by the driftwood.
¦ In, Argentine, which -was nearly
swept _away last June, there was a
slight scare among the people, why, are
still timid and ready to take alarm at
the first indication of danger.,The river
overflowed in the north en< - of the
town, where the land is lowest, and
sewers began to clog and run over. No
serious damage resulted,' however, and
none Is expected.
' THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, MAY; 31, 1904.
10
OCEAN TRAVEL.
O..R. & N. CO.
COLUMBIA sails June 0. IS and 28. July 9.
tfc. 26. GEO. W. ELDER sails June 1. 11 and
21. July 1. 11. 21. Only steamship Una to
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets to
all points. Steamer tickets include berth ani
meals. Steamer sails foot of Sp?ar st. at It
a. m. S. P. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1
Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agent
Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
S. B. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 4. 11 a.m.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thui-s., June 16, 2 p. m.
S. 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, July 3. 11 a. in.
I.D.SPBECEL&&BR03. C0.,A2t3.,TlCt8t 03«54Uir-
itt, ntfflti 0iHia323sQrciSL. PurJ, tail; ;:.
C0XP1S5IX SZNSaALS THAXSATLajrnQlM
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^._
Salllntr every Thursday instead ot •mftSy*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 4i *^aBK**'
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGEN'CT FOR UNITED STATES A.VD
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson .bulldlns).
New York. J.« F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Aggnts.
To P. 8. Havy Yard and Tallajo.
STMRS. GEN. FRISBIE, MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 0:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P. M.
6:C0 P. M., 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday). 3undaj«
0-45 A. M-. 8:30 P. M. Leave Vallejo 7:00
A. M., »:00 A. M-. 12:30 NOON. .1:15 P. M.,
6:0O P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sondays 7:00 A. M..
4:15 P. M. Fare one way. 50c. Landing and
office. Pier 2. foot Mission at. Phone, Mala
1508. HATCH BROS.
STATEMENT
OF THS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OB* THB
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. OX THB 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1908, and for the>
year ending on that Cay. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions ot sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed a*
per blank, furnished by the Commissioner :
/ CAPITA!*
Amount of 'Capital Stock, paid 139
to Caah ,_«373.flOO 0»
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company... $»4.0OO 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgagee... liOtt&S 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock*
and Bonds owned by Company.. 388.303 61
Cash In Company's Office »,M8 19
Cash in Banks 63.73S 13
Interest due and accrued oa Bonds
and Mortgages 4.0S8 11
Premiums In due Course or Collec- "
tlon 8.375 87
Bills receivable, not Matured, takes
for Fire and Marine Risks....... 102,837 47
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paJd. ' 132,330 21
Total Assets ._|9M.7M 23
lilABIUTIES. ~ =
Lovses adjusted and unpaid 944.071 U
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 20,883 *»
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, % ;
reinsurance 50 per cent 145O.TT3 44
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $ .;
reinsurance pro rata >».... 87 929 50
Due to other Insurance Companies. I43.2OT 4a
All other Liabilities... a5|tw 23
Total liabilities *5<».3C3!iT
INCOME. — ===
Net cash actually received for Flr»
premiums '..... 1471.863 91
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4,26a 41
Received for interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from, all other sources 18.331 41
Received for Rents 4.7.13 00
8.910 32
Total Income iscc.lS) ch
EXPEJTDITTJRES. ~ "
Net amount said for Fire Losses
(including »US.i4U 08, losses of
previous years) $239,331 43
Dividends to Stockholders--. 13.750 00
Paid, or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage £3.87* 34
Fa:J for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 62.430 (X
Pa:d for State. National and Local
taxes 0,333 06
All other payments aad expendi-
tures 103.447 31
Total Expenditures 9430.513 22
FiriC
Leases Incurred dnrlng'the year... $2titi,eiO 38
Risks and Premiums. Firs Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
wfltten during the
year *319.82C,2S3 $1,253,203 SI
Net amount of Risk*
expired during the
year W3.403.600 1.110.787 93
Net amount In force
December 31. 10^1.. 156.691.112 473.100 45
OSCAR RUPERTI. Vice President.
JULIUS BAF.SKCKE. Manager.
Subscribed and nivorn to before me, this 21st
<lav of March. ir.C4. '
" HUGH UTERIXG. U. S. Consul General.
WALTER SPEYER,
GENERAL ACENT.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
* 225 Sansome St*
A gold dollar has greater value than a Mexican silver
'dollar, because it is of better quality.
So it is with the many sales that are now being adver-
tised — they have not the true ring of the genuine article.
My sale has the true ring, because I am under contract
to»«nrrender possession of my store to Olson Bros,, Grocers,
onithe 15th day of July. I have still on hand
$150,000
Worth of Choice Dry Goods
At the Marked-Down Prices, to be disposed of in thirty-
eight working days. Therefore, I must sell FOUR THOU-
SAND DOLLARS' worth of goods every day for the next
thirty-eight days, in order to clean out my stock.
Prices Alone Will Do It.
The PUBLIC MUST be convinced of, the truth of- my
assertion when I say that I MUST give them Two Dollars'
Worth of Merchandise for One Dollar in coin; and to the
public I say, come and investigate, and the success of my
undertakingatvill be assured.
Will open this morning at 9 o'clock and for the ensuing
week will concentrate all our energies (I might say in giving
away — prices are so low) on the immense stock of Blankets,
Quilts, Table Linens, Towels, Napkins, Dress Goods, Silks,
Suits, Skirts, Jackets, Shirt Waists, Hosiery, Underwear,
Fancy Goods and Notions.
Be on Hand for theTBargairis.
* Not in a lifetime will such an opportunity be presented.
The attention of the Dressmakers is called to our large
stock of best quality Linings and Trimmings, of all kinds, at
closing-out prices. - -
G. CURTIN,
911 eincl 913 MARKETSTREET
>1 . ADVERTISEMENTS.
BORAXOLOGY
You might say that
Boraxology is a soap and
water ' science. When you
talk to people about wash- .
ing scientifically they may
smile if they don't Know.
If they do know, they'll
simply see that their sup- •
ply of BORAX is all right,
' and look happy. The ques-
tion of wasnmg is a ques-
tion of chemistry; of nard
water or soft water. Borax
softens water and thereby
doubles its cleansing
power. For toilet, bath,
laundry, whenever you use
?¦ soap and water add a little
Borax. But get it pure—
20-MULE-TEAM y
BRAND. For sale at drug
and grocery stores every-
where, in £, and 1-lb.
packages. v
Tbe famous "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES
FREE to purchasers of " Jo-Mule-Tcam " Boras.
At stores or sent for BOX TOP and 4c. In utamps.
Pacific Coast Borax Co, New Yerk, Chicaco, Saa
, Francisco.
«o-Mule-Te im- Our Trade Kark.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S orsat^
OF flHflTOHYJ
0 © 1051 KAXSST8T. kit. 8:B47tk,6.r.C»l./)
\ XSl Th. Larrest Anatomical Muieuai In tft* \
4? i.i)rtjL_ ' *•»'*• * eakB«M« »r any caanact*d A
i. jS5l>iW di » ei! -* »-"««l»»l7 •«r«* by th.cldsst Y
O ffJSSf I SpceUlist oa the Com- Ett. 36 yeiri. ©
j fl^fffl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES 6F MEN A
\ B V*S^H Con»«ltatlon free and ttilftW prlTaSe. \
§ I Jw'^ill Tr.natnt ptrtonally n by letter. A M
\ I y fla r*titw» CW. in eterjr casanndanakea. \
Afu !l© Wriit (or B»ic, ruLenor«y .r /i
» « If It T» BaaaMSI, MAILED rut, f AT
\ 'A** II- vataable book for mrn) - \
Y DB.JOBDAH AVO..10SlAf«rketSt..S. F. 9
AOTUI1 it To «t*y Cured.' Cause r*-
/l\ I fl [ifl l\ moved. Health : restored.
HO I IIITBr-lKo rnore Aathniu or Haj
Ci IPLFIV ™v B ° ok ' W Fr "
i>UKEU ; *• k^o^DHAf^ -
OCEAN TBAVEZi. : ;
# PASSENGER SERVICE -i
Thrcugh without change. S. S.
.¦'8erapla'V from ¦ San Fran-
cisco on or about June 3, 1904,
for i Hamburg ' and principal
ports In Mexico, Central and
South I America. • For rates and
particulars apply at 641 Mar-
ket St., or to LENDAL. M.
GRAY, - Manager. 029 Market
• tt, Sun Fr»n«t3C», - --
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and II.
San Francisco.
Kor Ketchlkan. ¦Wrangel^
Juntau, Haines, Skaguay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m. June
4, 9. 14. 19, 24. July 5.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Belllnrham — 11 a. m.. June 4. 0. 14. 10, 24,
July 5. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. K. Ry. : at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
P m.; June 3, 9, 15, 21, 27, July 3. Corona,
1:30 p. m.. June 6, 12, 18, 24, 30. July 6.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Dleso and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For t*>s Arzeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mont-
erey, San' Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. June 8. 16. 24. July 2.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m . June 4, 12, 20. 28, July 6.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia, Ouaymns (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904 — The
palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria, June 7,
21. July 5. 19, Aug. 2. 16.
For further information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OmCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace HoteD.lO Market st-and Broad-
way wharves. Freisrht Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUN'ANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN X.I2TE.
Plymouth — Caerbourtf — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 'j:'M a. m.
St. Paul June i: |St. Louis June 25
Philadelphia... June lSIGermanie July 2
ATLANTIC TKAXrSFOBT LINE.
Wew York — London Direct.
Xllnnehaha June 11, 3:30 p. m.
Minneapolis June 18, 9 a. ni.
Mesaba..... June 25, 9 a. m.
Mlnnetonka July 2. 9 a. m.
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOmiTION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion June llfCanada June 25
Southrrark.' June 18|Vancouver July S
HOLLAirD-AMEBICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam, Via Bonlogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 l m.
Potsdam June 14|Ryndam June 23
Rotterdam June 21|Nooniam July ft
BED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Kroonland June HIFinland ¦fjune 25
Zeeland June 18|Vaderland July 2
VTSITE STAB LINE.
New York — Queeastown— Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Cedrlc.June 15, 6 am. Oceanic. June 29.7 am
MajesttcJune 22,10 am reutonic.July 6, 10 am.
Arablc.June 24. 3 pm. Celtic July 8, 1 pm.
Boston — Queen rtown — Liverpool.
Cymric June 16, July 14. Aug. IS
Cretlc June 30, July 28. Au«r. 23
Republic (new) July 7. Aug. 11. Sept. 8
i NEW SERVICE FROM BOSTON.
Past Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.400 to 15.000 tons.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITERBAITEAN. VIA AZOKXS.
GIBRALTAR. NAPLES, GENOA.
ROMANIC \.June 18. July 30. Sept. 17
CANOPIC \ July 2. Aug. 27. Oct. 8
First Class, $65. upward, depending on date.
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21' Post St., San Francisco.^
NOME
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST ¦
S. S. ST; PAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LrNDQUlST.
(Carrying 17. B. Malls.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JUNE :2 i2 F». iV\.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Steamer*
for Fairbanks and all points on KOYTTKUK.
TANA N A and YUKON RIVERS. \
For Freight and Please Apply t<»!
JffOETHEBN COMMEKCIAL CO,
6C3 CrofsUy building. Cor. Mission and S«w
. - Mcntgcmery its.. San^PTaneUco.
FOB '.NOME
Low Passenger and Preisrht Bates.
The Pacific ' Coast Steamship Ox's Steamship
VALENCIA
' Prom San Pranclsco, Jnne 8, 11 a. m.
Prom Seattle, June 14, 9 p. m.
For rates and full Information apply
TICKET OFFICES.
4 New Montgomery st. and 10 Market st. '
FREIGHT OFFICE. 10 MARKET ST.
J^H. COOPER. General Freight Agent.
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Jfamburg-Jkrherican.
Semi- Weekly . Twin ¦ Screw Service ¦
FOR PLYMOUTH., CHERBOURG. HAMBURG
TEE QBE AT OCEAN PLYEB.
S. S. Deutsciiiand
6S6>$ ft. long— 23^4 knots averaln speed.
Sails June 0. July 7. Aug. 4, Sept. I.
Belgravta .... .May 28 Waldersee . . . .June 11
t*Moltke .......June 2 Hamburg June 1ft
, Pretoria . . .. ; . .June 4 Phoenicia . . . . .June IS
•Deutschland ..June 3 t'Blueeher June 23
•Has grill room and tgymnasium on board.
HASIBUKG-AMEEICAH USE.
Offlcce. S5 and 37 Broadway. New York.
HKRZOG & CO.; 4O1 ¦ CALIFORNIA ST.
yTEEKLY CALL t $1,00 FEE YEAB.
A"PVEBTISEICEyT3.
l^jjMiiritiiJLwl iS p O r Infants and Children.
R^™S Th8 Ky l w ? ave
Always Bought
I || -m
tingHteStDmachsawlBowBlsof || J383TS tllG Jr 'j \
q. . S AA $
Promotes Digcation-Cheerfur- || ° fl a/ |W
ness and Rest.Contains neither m, n f Jrk/\9?
Opium.Morphinc nor Mineral. ®Q vl 27 |\ \f*
> T OT AR C O TI C . '9 A.^ \ I N
Ike^tt/OUJDrSSMUELlfrCHIR 'M l\f \
RcAiiuSmU*- I *3 \?XL a Irt
$&*. \ 1 (\ dp ¦¦¦ '"
'^^J l($X Use
AperfecinemedyforConslipa- || H I?
Tion, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea a| \kt » ps
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- '*M I M^ C n K fi If O Y
ness end Loss of Sleep. *M\Jf i * 1 Ul UVCI
Tac Simile Signature of || ¦ § __
j*m~ _ ,-^.sn^liy
TMC eCNTAUW COMMIT. NCW tO>* CfTT.Berkeley Observes the Day.
BERKELEY, May 30.^ — Shattuck
Hull was crowded to its limit to-night
by veterans and friends of veterans
eager to participate in the memorial
services "hv honor : of the* soldier dead.
It was the yearly service under the
auspices of Lookout Mountain Post
of the Grand Army, and the Woman's
Relief Corps. \There were addresses,
songs and recitations. In some of the
songs the audience , joined. The ser
vices opened with a prayer by the
Rev. B.F. Sargent,., and then fol
lowed the programme that stirred the
soldier memories. Addresses full of
patriotic sentiment were delivered
by • T. . O. Crawford ; and Captain
E. J. Martin. In : honor of the' occa
sion the hall was handsomely deco
rated with flags and flowers.
Boating- Parfo Drifts: All
Nigl^ «in San Leandro
': Bay; arid Alarms Vlfriehds
ALAMEDA, May 30.-— Two " rowboat
loads of merrymakers, including a
cumber oi prominent people of this
city and San Francisco, were lost on
San Leandro Bay for a time last night
and it waVnot until early this morning
that they made -it landing near High
street. The boats were rented last
evening from F. Fittock at the Park
street bridge and after the passengers
were seated . ther pulled up the canal
toward Melrose.
After passing San Leandro Bay the
amateur mariners grew confused by
the lights and in their efforts to reach
the vacht Mist, anchored off the Bay
Farm Island bridge, lost their bearings.
When the boats finally effected a land
ing near High street all hands were
exhausted and chilled. Among those in
the party were Fred Wilbur and his
two sisters of this city. Miss Sadler of
San Francisco and Fred Murphv, also
of San Francisco. After reaching shore
the young people were cared for at the
Wilbur home. •
Woman Iinrt in Runaway.
OAKLAND, May 30. — Mrs. Minnie
Erwin, residing on Woolsey street,
Lorin, was thrown from a buggy and
dragged this morning by a runaway
horse, which had been frightened i>y
a flag. The woman was picked up
senseless and badly bruised on Wood
street. North Oakland. The; buggy
was wrecked. .Mrs. Erwin waa re
moved to her home.
Separate celebrations of Memorial
day were held in Oakland. Veterans
divided theiryservices to the dead. At.
St. Mary's Cemetery a soldiers' plat
was dedicated by the members of
Company A, Veteran , Reserves;, Ap
pomattox Post, G. A. R.; League of
the Cross Cadets and other organiza
tions. Subsequently the reserves . con
ducted exercises at a new soldiers'
plat in Mountain View Cemetery.
At the Grand Army of the Republic
inclosure in Mountain yiew Cemetery
posts of the Grand - Army, ' women's
auxiliary, hundreds of school children,
Sons of Veterans and Spanish , War
Veterans took part in the general ob
servance of the day that was centered
at that place. *
I Soldiers of the Spanish-American
war did not forget their dead who- rest
in the new plat, at Mountain View
Cemetery. There the military honors
were paid and short addresses were
made in remembrance." ¦' . . -••
During the afternoon receptions and
reunions were held at the Grand Army
headquarters, luncheons being served
to the old soldiers by the women erf the
relief corps and auxiliaries. Patriotic
exercises were held this evening at* the
First : Presbyterian Church. \-/[
The morning exercises at the two
cemeteries were simultaneous. \ Shortly
after - 10 : o'clock the veterans ot ' Lyon
Post, No. 8; : Lookout Mountain - Post,
No. 88 ; Admiral D. D.\ Porter Post, No.
169; . Joe Hooker Post, No. 11,*- G. A. R. ;
Lyon Relief Corps, ,, No. 6: Lookout
Mountain Relief Corps, No. 35; Colonel
John D. Wyman Circle. No." 23, s Ladles
of ' the : Q. A. R., > formed « In procession.
Their, escort consisted of . Colonel E. ? D.
Baker Camp,' No.* 1, ¦ Sons of Veterans ;
Camp General Liscum,- Spanish : War
Veterans; Ladies' 'Auxiliary • of/: the
Sons of Veterans and - several hundred
OAKI^AN'D. May; 3 0.*--Wlth "mili
tarj* and cJvicV honors ¦¦ Memorial day
vr»s observed to-day^n this.;;fcily. Uusi- ;
nens' was:at* reut: AH of the mu ni<ci->a',:
county.- .; and S; Federal . olllces'- were
ciosed. •. Thousands /penile;- assejn-'
bled at the '). cemeteries,' where- appro
priate'^ exercises in f memory ':- of '. the
dead heroes 'of. the nation's .wars wore
conducted.^ by ;(4rie>' veierans; • old Xnd
youni?,;- who . hiid fought on, home sol?
or/. In,: foreign \ ftelds to' maintain ' the;
American, flag inviolate. - v i : '^i--. ">v /;
In ¦ eloQuent., tonjjue;. the voIcgw of
orators -spok«!;. : to mtUtitude.« thi les
ion* of 'patriotism, : 'ot: heroic iscarifice
arm ot cicizehsftii> that wer«j- inspired
by, the thoughts :< ot /Memorial day.
Bent and jrray with years, the fast
thinning ranks of the Grand Army of
the Republic moved i» solemn tread
to the funeral dirge as they filed
about the pl&U where rest tho com
rades gone before. Mingled with the
boya -. of 'til and * -scant remnant of
Mexican veteran* were the youngen
generation ' who made the fight for
humanity in the isles of the Caribbean
or among tht tropic* of in*' Philip-,
pines. . •
And youngest of all, the children cf
the public schools contributed tokens
of remembrance when in childish har
mony their voices lifted in patriotic
song while they strewed the graves
of soldier dead with loving tributes of
beautiful nowers. Not a resting plac<5
in the sacred homes of peace was for
gotten. Over every humble mound
and» at every stately* mausoleum that
marked a soldier's burial place waved
the Btars and stripes, garlanded with
many flower emblems. And when the
last word had been spoken and the
last song offered, the soldiers living
fired their volleys of salute and' the
mournful/ cadences of the 'buglers'
"taps" wafted sweetly through the
soughing trees, the final touch of mil
itary honor'to those who sleep in si
lent bivouac forever.
A DOUBLE SERVICE.
children from the puUHc acNools bear-
Izift flowers..- With dirges by the. Ma- ;
sonic:; Home Boys'- !>and th« ,'vny was* ;
led to. theC'.A. K. plat. Hep.dlnrj the i
Hue ¦• was . G rand * Muraha! Dr. . Charles '
E. Lanclaster.; past- commander of Ad
miral. D^.D,-. Porter I»O3t." HiH aids
we:e: v ; Chief, aid, :Adjuiant J.J. Holly
wood of the Spanish Wnr Veternns auc!
Henry IJanJb, ; Lob'Kout. Mountain Post
of Berkeley; f"aptaia J.-. II. Todd, Joe
Hooker Po?t;:'of;f Alain^daiy and'.J? J-
Fitzgerald, Sdns«Df Veteran's. In ear
riatres* .were United State. 1 ? : Senator.
George C. Perkins;-, the... Rev.- Stephen!
Rj -Wiiwd chartlaln.^and' Henry C. 4Dib-»j
bl?, past commander <>i Lincoln Post,'
?«o. J ,v: Sai Francisco and Judge Ad-l
vocate of tne Departuient of Calitornia
and Nevada. •>: • i y .';-.^>,,. • ....;.
'¦*&*¦£'& VETERANS SfARCII. - ¦
' 'At the Grand Army plat the march-,
ine s'etctans-.and their «:scott formed
In noliou* 8'fcuare. crowds oi spectators
assembling alonf* the-- dtlvewnyfj^and
oti the' eminences surrounding the spot.
After the llacs had been lowered
the staffs to half mast, the exercises
were opened with prayer by Chaplain
Wood, formerly of the Twenty-third
United States Infantry Regiment*
Children of the Durant School, led by
Mrs. E. E. Gfeenman, sang "Memorial
Day," following, which Samuel M. Carr,
past commtndef of Admiral D. D. Por
ter Post,' as president of the day, made
the opening address. A selection by the
Masonic Home Boys' band preceded a
reading of Lincoln's Gettysburg ad
dress by Philip Langan. In his re
marks,' United States Senator Perkins
said:.
This assemblage and the memories of the
day. It seems to me. should serve to allay the
prejudices and Dasstons, If any exist, of the
sreat conflict that closed nearly forty years
a~o. There are < with us to-day those who
wore the gray, as well as those who wore the
blue. In the i great Civil War. There are with
us to-day those who went forth in the recent
war to fight for humanity and. to assist a sis
ter republic In her struggle against oppresnlon.
They maVched elbow to elbow under the stars
and stripes to the tunes of "Yankee Doodle"
and "Dixie." , • • ; • . .
It 'seems as If nature is speaking to us in
the entwlDlns; of her beautiful flowers together
over the graves of those that fought ¦ for the
gray and those that fought for the blue. When
death comes - all animosities, bitterness and
human enmity should , be burled. We want a
happy and united . country. We want good
will an'd amity between every section and the
friendship and co-operation' of every good citi
zen in working : for the ' betterment of all of
tho people of our common country.
: It Is an Inspiring thought that the great
army you. veterans of the Civil War, repre
sent > f ouch t not to enslave, but to . make . free
those in bondnce: fougHt not to ; destroy." but
to save a nation. . If ,'we will strive to emulate
the virtues , of the noble . men . who have gone
we will- leave this sacred spot after our devo
tions .better equipped for our conflict In the
battle of. life and. to do our duty as American
citizens. ' "... , , ..
CHILDREN SING.
'•School^children sang "America" as a
prelude to Henry C. Dibble's oration.
Judge Dibble -reviewed the organiza
tion of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic, and the 'birth and growth of Mem
orial 'day and- its observance.
•He said in part: :
• The ' day • is ' In ¦. truth a fpstlval " to loyalty
and : to the memory, of the loyal . dead. ¦ If our
country ls,to live . and move forward among 1
the free and enlightened 'nations of the earth.
It • is altogether proper that ' this ' day should
be devoted to these symbolic ceremonies ana
be kept . sacred . to . patriotic and ¦ loyal senti
ments. -¦.-¦¦-,: ; ¦
¦ The • people have adopted Memorial day and
It has become a national holiday in; the high
est end i truest sense. It Is a legal ; holiday * In'
thirty-eight States and .territories Including
the District ' of - Columbia. Of . these five an-
Southern border ¦ States and one ¦ State '¦ Ten-'
neasee. is in the heart of the South. There
is a marked disposition of the country to
frown upon desecration of the day. . .
-I. believe v the time Is near^at -hand when
Memorial day will become universally recog
nized.as a day sacred to the memory of those
who have born* arms for the country 'and will
be I devoted to the Inculcation of . and explana ;
tion of patriotic and loyal sentiments, ;¦ r
'-¦'{ Public v 8chool children" scattered flow
ers over the : soldiers' graves, I while pu
pils * from .; the Durant '.< School sang
"Bring Flowers of , Sweet Incense" , and
' Friends, of.- one thine you may be . certain
when you come to the graves ' of the men who
fought for American liberty, and . that thing
is thla— they responded to the call of duty la
accordance with <that privilege which moved
God to make man in his own image. ¦ ¦ •-.
• The nm essential -to right order is freedom.
A nation of . free men ¦ Is to my mind a scene
ot transcendent beauty, upon which the anzeU
love - to gaze- with; enraptured delight. The.
men whoFu bones are to molder In thl3 plat
made every, eacrl fice they > We're called upon to
make, so that God's justice and truth In the
exercise > of, his 'divine wisdom would be vindi
cated here also that the angels might have a
place. midway like, between earth and heaven.
Lincoln's Gettysburg . address was
read - by County Superintendent of
Schools T. O. Crawford. J. F. McCue,
a graduate of St. Mary's College, • gave
an eloquent address entitled "Memorial
Day Thoughts." The young speaker
touched his' hearers by the: sweetness
and beauty of his well -chosen remarks.
The oration was delivered by the iRev.
J. B. McNally, pastor of St. . Patrick's
Church, West* Oakland. Father McNal
ly's tribute to the departed was a mag
nificent effort, concluding with an orig
inal : apostrophe to ; the : American flag
that/ brought cheers from the hundreds
of aroused listeners. During his oration
the eloquent priest said: •
P»e!imTnarj* to the dedication of.th->i
newpliit in 3t. Mary's Cemeteri' Com
jpnhv A, Veteran Rcrer'/es,-" N.-C. C,,
Cnptein C.-' K'.\ Kinrf, ,: paraded* down
tov-n. Grgnd ,; Marshal , G. : B.. "White
headed the ;)roce.«!s:dri. with C. X>.' TJutcs
chief oi staff .-uxi Aids P^ JJ Keiler. Ma
iof Oscat Ho\ye, Dr. - T.. Carpenter; A.
B. Fately. G. AaseU, George I<e\vi8 anU
E. J. Stewart..' • FoSJowlng the Mace*
bees' btiiid »vas » x>olic»> detail and the
.Reserves, sixty etronar. Two corapftnjes
o:* LeaKue of the Cross Cadets.'w«reiu
line.- Company F'g officers were Cap
tain J.' Ready,'' First Lieutenant Ijouia
Peteraon nnd • "Seeonc! Lieutenant J.
Toomey. The offlcfera oi Company N
were Captain M. 3. I^oitard. First Lieu*
tenant James GlUlg Hnd Second Lieu
tenant James Fitzsiinmons.' Appomat
tox Post. G. A. B.. "W. K. Thomas post
commander, S. P. Knight ¦; adjutant,
followed the military escort. A. B, BIH
ings," a Confederate veteran, was Com
mander Thomas', guest. The Alameda
Hospital Corps, Captain J. Campbsll,
First" Lieuteant H. La Jeunesse, Ser
geant Major Hiram Harms, led the way
for.seventy-flve children from the Fred
Finch Orphanage. At St. Mary's Ceme
tery the veterans assembled at the new
plat, above which a flag was raised by
Raymond Travers, grandson o{ Veter4
an Jacob Wlnkler, with Sergeant
Sherwood and Corporal Duesler assist
ing'. The Veteran Reserve fired a salute
to the flag.
Chairman Jacob Wlnkler introduced
John E. McElroy as president of the
day. In a stirring address President
McElroy gave heed to the pride Ameri
cans should feel. in their country's his
tory.: He said the fathers of the nation
had learned the lesson in a severe
school of. adversity that violation of
Just rights of man; was tyranny, and
they, had formed a union to free them
selves from it. The orator continued:
It In- beautiful and proper ' that a day like
this should: be set- apart for observance and
that' expression be given ' to feelings of love
and of grief, and the sentiments of patriotism
should ; be awakened by the presence of sol
diers. 11 vlmr. at' the. graves of soldiers dead.
In dedicating this last resting place I shall
not refer to the great conflict between tht
North and the South to disparage the South
ern ' soldier. He " fought " conscientiously. He
-was a brave and a generous foe. And now.
with: the passing of the years the 'storm and
strife have gone and the Northern soldier • gives
his hand in full" meed of praise to his chlval
rlc foe. Thank God to-day, no sear is vlslbi»
upon the body or the spirit of a perfect Union.
IMSIORTAL SPEECH READ.
"Peacefully Sleep." The fning.sUuaii oi
Spanish TVnr Veterans,' Captain ftal?h
Faiieuf. commanding, discharged three
volleys over the, gnwes, and ""TapJ '
was dung by the-scliool «7hlidrer.: Puller
A. M. Oolson, - Spanish Wai* .Veterans,
xoundert "tap?."*lin<l the .esercises vert
c?ORe<3. '-¦¦''$¦*:'¦:'.;. ¦'¦"¦ - "¦: : '' '. '"
& ANOTHER .PAKA'WK MOVES. '
OAKLAND, May 30.— The Memoriar
day exercises this evening at the First
Presbyterian Church were presided over
by J. A. Colquhoun, past commander
of Lyon Post, Grand Army of the Re
public, who made the opening address.
Preceding that was an organ prelude
by MIbs Virginie de Fremery. Prayer
was offered by the Rev. Charles T.
Walkley, rector of St. Paul's Episcopal
Church.. John W.. Gwllt sang "Reces
sional," and Mis/ Madeline Todd and
James H. Todd Jr. gave a violin duet,
accompanied by Miss Beth Howard.
Mrs. Carrie Fross-Snyder read "The
Story of the Empty Sleeve." "The
Star-Spangled Banner" was ' sung *>y
Mrs. Charles T. Poulter.
-Hon. Henry A. Melvin delivered the
address of . the evening. His strong
speech blazed with patriotic sentiment
and evoked much warm response from
his hearers. After "America" by the
audience, benediction waa pronounced
by Dr. Walkley, and Dr. G. C. R. Mou
toux of Lyon Post sounded "taps."
Veterans Close • Memorial Day With
Programme of Music and
Speeches.
Buglers Harris and Mllier, Veteran
Reserves, closed th«. dedicatory exer
cises with "taps." ¦¦&& -r '. " '¦';
The reserves marched ta tho new plat
In Mountain View Cemetery, where
Reece Clark delivered an address. Fir*
ing squads from the Spanish War Vet.
erans gave the. military salutes over
soldiers' graves not in the Qrand Army
plat in Mountain Viewy Cemetery.
SER\T[CES AT CHURCH.
V At in good 'to linger! at least •»or.-. t little
whils every v?ar tti'the- ifltht of tht.-ae rsc^?
k-i.tlcn». 1* U?i lustei of tiu^e htrovrvd «n?m
oties. What, the light of lWtaieb??p'» »Ur *'•*
to ih* vanderlrs of tV Orient tt «ea?>*h o» the
Eavlo». wfcat the Sndrg of ih» croj» wag to
the toct-veaiy cftAider. so In loiat «t catt?f*
t»uioti«n« tr? the graves bt the el* *o!-?i*'s
to ths true aod ¦ sincere American frte man.
VTf lor* to catch a«l!tnp«e of the«s
vis!cr.» «r Iiij'i'ifst tti?rr.ory and llns».. for a
*»Jii!> ift th«lr -radiance, that we itib> be In
cpltej our»el\rr nsid that we may insjkT* others
ta «o *s<l Jo. likewise, .Tht» Is a principle and
eractir* worthy o? every trJe American In tMs
a»>efli!)lag:<s. for such % good and holy ptujwwe.
"v\> hc?c the d*ad jioldJers In their grave*
*n<2 Ihe !«xnnant-8f the raiiks alre*1y jitooplr*
to lolt- their coraradM. to' celebrate wVslr UI
oinpU • ta ¦ the warfare . for v American "Kherty,
with t!j« God of justice And Ma on«eN We
have her* a lovaly combination, ttecro^a and
thtf flag 1 , over Uie craves pt tfte. noble ¦aoldiers
to-day. -' * v ¦•¦-.-..-;. • ; ;:Vlv/-:V : Vr'""-'- : "'- :: ' ;
XIALT£)>V&D MEMOPIJES.
File.ids.' thi; men Who sure us thla c«unt«T
a« 'heb;ir*f.of l'berty. The «o!dl:^j who
foupr.M and 'bled :o t urehiise ihe •.lloa.slr'.z* of
It^ci'iy a:e raartixs •••sVovci br Roll a\ th«
ste-llnar vindicators of (SlvISu tmt*: who*"
M;iov tya* to g)y& nt, a cation Tree at GcJ
tnad? anO «»lsely t<r<!alned lt.#hc«M evor'be.
Tim •ecsae iitto boci'Jfe y%o • know the .war
veter.«n» nre here. • *
•»::e:» th»7 . v.«uld" comr- Bnd*dl27o*e "the "tr9
grence they ''ea- f?om out th« • g-arden« o<
I'i»;adi**,., iJiat" th? ojpresseT of:every*rac» and
•jat'on •.'rorr. ihe foa." .^m<:r9 of the g!vV» may
follow in the ; aiila.ice at ctir- Stara, to !lb*rty's
.'i liis U t. l^e VPubKc. VhPBe the r!#ut3 oi
man -«re tJiorougolw practic«>d and che,»-l«I*.fd.'
• i-'ieif clvji and rnJric-.ig Hb»rty aro uitram
meleiJ. whereat! God s "creatures Hvfr-w.d prc«»
•per, <nc:e&x« and multiply.- 3The<>-, e\*ry part
•yt «ovrrnia»Bt a-irt ¦every observanc* of th?
roveniet 1 onea p.-oclaim that surely the "tlBji«r
Of CoC Is her^." . . • ¦•" ¦ •
VKTEIlANa OI 1 TKK WARS AND CITIZENS GKNnRAbLV OF AUAMKDA COUNT/ - l»AltTICIPATEI» IN "TUI3 • iliSilORIAI.
' •• ..- KXEHCJ8E5 AnJlANGED IK HONOR- OF TIIK DEPARTED HUUWS AT .MOUNT.MK VIHW OEilETEUY. ¦¦-., PHOTO
GRAPHS OP SCT5NES OF- HQMAGE TO TJ?K ' NATIOVS IIO-.'OnED . DEAD. : *. • . ... : . ¦¦ " • ; : "
I c
Pnpular Young En** Oakland. Girl
. . Laid dn Hie Grave In SU Mary's *
Cemetery.
. OAKLAND. May 30 — The funeral
rf Miss Hazel Hogan." daughter <%
>tr. and^JIr^ Hugh Hosau, was held
«:*esi*rdayj^it 2 p. m. froir. St. An
thony's Cliureh in East G.rkland, the
services being conducted r.y the J*v.
"P C. Yorke Solemn requiem mass
v":.s celehrafd.
The pallbearers wer«° W. P. Mu!
pr^y-, Joseph « Hanipgton. Joseph
Bliifj^hys HHrj* 1 ! Knapi!,*«Clifton Souse
and M. McHugh.
'II e remains were inter-e4 In St.
.Mary's Cemetcr>'-« "
»>rsS HAZEIi HOGAN
GOI:> TO RAST REST
Young McKenny was the son of Mr.
end Mrs. H. A. McKenny of 760 Bryant
Eireet, San Francisco, and with his
chum. Crutamesh, came to Alameda for
an outing. The boys went to the Wal
nut street wharf and decided they
would try and learn how to swim.
Young McKenny Jumped from the pon
toon and when he came up cried for
eid. His- companion tried in vain to
reach him. H. L. McKenny, the boy's
lather, came to Alameda immediately
en1 with former Senator E. K. Taylor
cnii H. A. Hebbard dragged the chan
nel for the ¦body. Up to this evening
thev had not located the remains. In
tpeakins of his son's death McKenny
paid: "It was always Prentice's am
bition tw learn how to swim and it was
'ti:y inten'^on to have him take lessons
this summer. He did not know the
first thing about swimming, but when
ever he pot an oppo:tunky 10 wade or
Toddle he never overlooked it." '
ALAMEDA, May 30.— His ambition to
learn how to swim cost thirteen-year
old Prentice A. McKenny his life this
afternoon In the estuary off the Walnut
eireet wharf. He jumped from a pon
toon where the water was fourteen feet
deep and despite the brave eftorts of
h:s companion, Eddie Crutamesh. to
rescue him the unfortunate lad was
drowned.
YOUNG PEOPLE
LOSE BEARINGS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 30.
The annual picnic of St. Anthony's
parish drew a great crowd to Idora
Park this afternoon. It was not a
typical California day by any means,
for the wind I flirted with the dust all
day, but that did not keep the-thou
sands of adults and children from hav
ing a good time. The scenic railway,
the merry-go-round and the coal mine
were patronized by big and little and
everybody entered into the spirit of
the fun. Many brought baskets of
lunches and picnicked under the trees, i
while others took their tea^and crack
ers at the Japanese teahouse or their
I pink lemonade at the regular stand
tor that soft drink.
There was a baseball game and races
i for prizes in the afternoon on the cam
pus. The baseball game was stirring
and uncertain up to the very last
inning. Baseball was followed by the
athletic contests. Thin men and fat
men, old men and young m<*u and ladles
that weren't men at elJ tried for
prizes. They were a queer lot of com
petitors and p«-ovided an immense lot
of amusement to the interested crowd.
• But there was a serious side to it all —
one serious side that helped to balance
some of the -frivolity and a send people
away thinking of weightier things.
This .was the speech of Rev. P. C.
YorUe. who delivered the address of
the day from the bandstand. Fathef
Yorke spoke of the significance' of Me
morial day and of the duty the people
owe to the nation's dead. In the midst
of the bustle and hurry of modern life,
he said, it is not for us to forget.
j 'Th^basebail game, that Jurned out td
b<> so *tirriner. wan between the Young
Phoenix of • Oakland and the Sacred
He."Vts . vif • San Francisco, who com
peted («r a silver trophy. The Sacred
Hearts scored one run in the fifth
inning and it looKed as {hough the
other* would k« shut out, but in their
hfc.1T of jhe ninth the Phtentx players
> scored two runs after a rally and won.
| The tradk events -were r.ot run off ac-
I cording to Jloyle's rule?, hut liobody
I cared for that ' s<f long 1 aa ther* wer«
j prices to be won. The winner* were
thfv following named:.':. . • ' ¦ .:
A^tar "boys" race — Eddie IVtii tint,' tlMTt* '
Millet: .nec»nd. Will Knaff Ihiri. •
Toucs xn»n*> rae« — £i<«p!i Lynci f!nt, J. !
Marvin aecond. E. HoujMoa thin!. ¦'• •¦- • |
G:r.»g' rac*— Mildred Kt!:«fcer girt. '. tUty \
Char'** eeecad. Virginia UasperS tfclrj. "••
Young Jadle:*' rac» — A£n»a Healv first, TO
!!e HerklK* sscond. li*y MviHer-thi.-i. ¦ • - • ." !
Learuo of the pro«« Carets' :raco— John Bow- {
cbue first Bernard KcJ{ir«rt.'iii jfconfi. Joaeph
Ro-wA, rhlrd. • ; .•..-. ; -•- ¦.•:.¦¦•• • *¦>. -:
• Rurninc broad ju»t> — D-' A. EucXIry flr*t,
J. J-yncI\ necond, TV. l>jnc!« thlr\ .. -
Fat m»n*» race— -Wiii Hes'-rty flret, TonT
Tboma* »eeond. - . • . * " -
. Oi<l (orb's i»ce— Daa Hawkins Srst, E. t>o«
olan »econ<1. J. EKwicvaJi tMrd. ... ".-¦ ¦'¦¦-¦
ComTttitle«>»* rac«— 2*. W. n»na*»r f.r».t, T.
P. Furiong eecond. F. II. Garcia th'r.1.
tadlet 1 ' r'oir.ia'.tteee' race— Miss . - Britten
first.. Mis» Xret: «*on<!. Mis* Hor»rty third/-:; j
Parish ccmmltte* rap«— K. II. Qatcl.t. fl?t*,. ,
W. HOicartj T. I".' • Furlor.* thlr^ . •
'To-day's worry Is th» result cf yea
tenlay'a neglect. •
Said to Be « PlcSpockn
OAKLJUW. Mig- it).— Henry Ferjro
*on was arrsatetl to-night at riheli
Mound I'irk b'/ jCorp table Hernpstfad
oh ft chars* nl Ving * pickpocket. Fer
Rueon was »ent tr> thu" County Jail-
¦ ? » ' » - '-
Janres eiyrhe-la a'-tir* entirely witu
in thb Utj, s.n4•?^at yourif Price 1^ hia
jrupst until *u<»h".tinj{> a.', the claJVn 1-s
pai-J. The qo11\& wili ..'nvestl^ate.
ALAMEDA. May 30.— Joseph G. Price,
a veteran of the Civil War. claims that
his son. George L. Price, 4s being held
for debt by Howard K. James, a bill
collector of this city, and that the
young man has been a prisoner ever
since last Saturday. On that day James
arrived here from Burson. Calaveras
County, with young Price in custody.
The elder Price believed that his son
was in Burson, and was surprised this
morning when he opened the store that
had been formerly conducted by the
young man at 2307 Central avenue to
find him a prisoner therein and in the
custody of James.
James had sued the younger Price to
recover $15t>, and on last Thursday ob
tained from City Justice R. B. Tappan
a warrant for the arrest of Price.
Armed with this James went to -Burson
and explained to Price that it would be
well to come to Alameda and arrange
to make good what he was sued for.
Price consulted with relatives, who
said they would try to raise the money.
James then brought Price here, and
told the latter that if his relatives
would raise the amount sued for he
would not take Price to prison, but
would permit him to stay at his
(James') house. Ever sines his arrival
here Price has been directly under the
eye of James an 1 , has been confined in
the bill collector's house anti in his own
store. .In speaking of the .natte-- *nc
elder Prtce said:
My son Is 24 years of axe. * il it .lot oi
strong mind, and Is under th« lr.flu»-c i oi tills
man Jaraee. lie (rot. into tltb% .hrouuh i.*J
business manr»eerr.T %'. and ht.« kitUs -arriT,
supply »tcre on Central avenue was invadeu
by J-wcc''. whn has taken upon himsetf. wttt..r.\'
process of la\/. .th* rtgtii cf selltnc whatever
h- found therein. He trought my ton her* and
tola him tha* It would be *iwter Tor itm to
dlff MZ> tfc* rm*ie;' than 10 to to Jail and that
he -ould ?\ay at J*rie»'- houar *«n<i with James
while ther • relatives . of m^-»on were endeavor-
Infto t*l3» <!>» mon'j. I askr^ my »on wh:
be ftllx*ed James v t«-eat hhn fite a DCtaone^
aod he «al<i tiat (am<« iiad thnea'»«<Hi [tfi
throw him into JaiT If he nald anytitns aVjut
lh» ift.'r. jr..Vi.(ia: h.- b-lieve-1 It »onM> *
better kii tV3t-i» *Tth tft» bill collector u-vtM
thv iebt )rf thade «oort, ii that can b* d<jne. <
ALAMEDA, May 30.— Miss Annie
tfeebeck, a young woman employed In
the family of Christian D. Postel, 1206
Broadway, was attacked and brutally
beaten shortly after midnight last
night by a lone thus, who sprang upon
the girl from a cornfield as she was
walking along Encinal avenue, near
Regent street, toward the residence of
her employeis. Not . satisfied with
knocking down and kicking his weak
victim once, the desperado assailed her
a second time and then, becoming
alarmed at her screams for help, made
his escape in the darkness.
- Miss Seebeck had been visiting
friends Jn San Francisco and alighted
from the last South Side local train
that arrived at 12: 25 o'clock. She was in
cumbered with a number of packages,
which she carried in her arms. "When
the young woman approached a field
or corn on Encinal avenue, near Re
gent*Street; she was startled. by a man
who 'jumped at her from the tall
growth of corn. He said notlling, but
swung at her viciously and hurled her
into the gutter.
As she fell Miss Seebeck threw one
of -her packages at ner assailant. It
contained a bottle of ink and this
was broken, the contents being scat
tered over the sidewalk and the young
woman's hat. While Miss Seebeck lay
prostrate her brutal assailant kicked
her several times and when she cried
with pain he said: "What's the matter
with you?"
Then the thug left his .victrm a*d
she arose and prueeefled. toward- her
destination. Her assallant'ln.thp.mean
time had traveled aiound tlie block and
when Mis« Seebeck neared the Postel'
home »he was again confronted by the
nocturnal thus. She screamed at the
top of her volco and'hc-rled. Upon *nr
teringth* house Mis?; Seebeck r^ated
her experience and Gorirs P*oatel • went
to the t-pot where the. attack occvr.nJ
and secured tlu.-bu r *\les that had fallSr.
from th« young woman's crms. l"fc.irol
man Fred Braropton. who" had fcis-#t-.
tention attracted "by- the $ri« oT Mtes
Seet/eck, searched the neighborhood,
but couM find «no trj.ee -of the in
human thy?. ¦¦ • . .
; The plat* where Misa. Seetoeck en
countered tier assailant is but a block
from -the place vhere. 'Misi Johanna
Holmberg was attacked five week? -aso.
The jfflicw- we inclined to -believe that
th* man. that .Rttnckcd Miss Sce?«ek
last night is the. s.ime. individual; that
beat. Mis* Hoimbar^. v t .. .
Baseball Game and Races
for AW Sorts s and Sizes
of Men Amuse the Crowd
Lad Pays Dearly for His
Anxiety to Become, an
Expert in the Water
Believe Inhuman Brute Is
the Same That Attacked
Miss Johanna Holmberg
Howard K. James Tells
Young Man He Must Go
to Jail or Raise Money
LISTEX TO AN ADDRESS
FATHER MAKESCHARGES
JUMPED IN OVER HEAD
AUTHORITIES AT SEA
Members of St. : Anthonj' ? s
Spend Memorial Day in
Pleasure at Idora Park
George L. Price Arrested
by a Bill Collector, but
Xot Given to the Police
Prentice A. 3IcKenny. Aged
Thirteen. Drowned in an
Effort to Learn to Swim
Miss Annie Seebeck Hurled
to Ground and Kicked by
a Mysterious Criminal
FORFEITS LIFE
FOR AMBITION
CHURCH PEOPLE
ENJOY OUTING
ANOTHER GIRL
THUG'S VICTIM
LAWYER HOLDS
MAN FOR DEBT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MAY 31, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
With Hallowed Memories and All the Sweet Influences of Nature,
Thousands of Patriotic Citizens fcay ! the- Tribute of Their
Love to Heroic Men Who Fell for the Country's Flag
GENTLE HANDS PLACE IMMORTELLES
OVER THE GRAVES OF BELOVED DEAD
11
'AD VEBTISEMENTB>
r~HOSTITTEf s
I * CCLIBRATCO W
iA^k h *J I vj Ifi f\ w rt _ j
If - sickly women ¦ only knew the
value of the Bitters as a tonic, regu-
lator and health maker, . they would,
never use any, other. Thousands have
found this true. We hope , you'll vtry'
it at once. It cures Sick Headache,
Cramps, Bloating, Backache and
Fainting Spells. flsB '
APVXBXLEEJCEirrB.
I Brand ffl
Evaporated B
is cf uniform qualify et all
reasons, aiwsysptire, heavy raj
. fnccnsipter.ee, of delicious Eh
i flavor and . appetizing ap- fM
f j A.zk for the farina* vlth figi
\ the".VelvetIa*'C2pJ3beL J*||
T^ Made by Ihe largest pro- Egp
3ducers cf Evaporated fo^k
"^ Cream in the vorld.
r
Rainbow Chasing
Is as productive of results as an effort
to secure better laundry results than we
offer patrons.
Cleanliness, finish and prompt delivery
are the winning features of our work —
features that we have depended upon to
grain for us the largest clientele of any
establishment on the coast — and, having
gained it. hold It by the same safe meth-
od. Satisfaction is yours here.
UNITED STATES LAVNDBY,
1004 MAK-SET STEEET.
Telepboae South 420.
4^^, Every-. Woman ,
/W?i\Sh*VV • Vli V If Jat«re«te<l *nd should know
r-f^^WUB MU?>TL Whirling Spray
y v *.r*t">ASCS£iiL turn and Svetiou. Best-SAf-
v, . >*<5T^vii>w/_»«t-Moit ConrenienU
uu.u«i»i««iij.
1! liT»nnot supply tbe V •. fnjO f ¦&//"/////$5 /.
"tbrr. but send iiinp for "sfet t^' / ' / '<V\s
iUnstntrd book-waM. Utflrn Vi, / //
1 uli purtsculJir* *nd <11rf«rtloii» In- A. '¦, / IB
ralnablr to Ua.t-t HI A KV IX CO.SoJ<> '!,. - §
]•'.» New Monticomery, Ban Prandsco. CnX.
Wiiiiam Hattcroih tUadifw* Dept.). 224 Butter.
T.'nioo I'ruc Co.. 400 .Suiter aad 100 Stockton.
Oe£ood Brothers... ?tb ASd liroadway, Oakland
£&ldwln rbarmacy .....119 Ellis
a T*T*tr*P.'**fcT*rs'***!*frr***''v ' r **l
£itc*&blend costsr eight .
dollars* a ton*. y.
. Xhf . Radiu-m particles
•in. jt tire .worth eight
\ million, dollars a pound.
iyg^vhy? .' -.;•
!#¦ BecausV pure Radium ".
w*orks "wonders ¦¦'. that
nothing else will' wort.
" "FORCE" costs more
than the run of break-
fast foods because of the
pains I take to make it
•pure.
But it's worth the dif*
ference.
* i *****¦¦— »
.
MODERN METHODS""
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of
...DENTISTRY...
Place our work on a plane much abova'
the average. Nothing Is done on chance.
Each operation is successful because
carefully considered and skillfully car-
'**'""• TEETH
Made by us will last for many year*.
Gold Pllllne*. .81.00 Bona FilUniT 5Oo
Silv«r rUUny». ..5Oc|Extr»«tioa ZT««. ,
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
3 TATZiOX ST.. SAH PBAWC13CO.
973 W»«Hiartoa St, Oakland;
Saa Joi •. ' ¦"•• ¦ ¦ Sacramento^• .. ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ - /
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, .MAY : 31, 1904.
12
DUESVMAKRUS ASD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst and knife-plaiting.
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory, 110
Taylor st. ; tel. Folsom 2121. ' ,•
MoDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Pattern* cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking; shirt waists a
specialty; 75c up. 904 McAllister; phone 2211.
'_ '¦_ • CUBES BTTPTTTBE. ' •
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
¦ discomfort. 1206 Market st.; send for circular.
KDCOATIOXAX. "' * ' *
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
¦ study In the entire. West. - New... complete.
.. extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
instruction 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 001-
925 Golden Clate ave. - "
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
. move to new fireproof building, - 738 Mission
St.. near Third. More cpace. finer rooms,
¦ better light. Finest in the West. Come and
see. 8. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE, now at
1236 Market st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 14S5 Mar^
ket, . guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; special discount
' during month of June;. catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes£Electrlclty.24 Post
st., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalpgue free.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
. nil's. Eat. 2 to 6: priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day ev.; est. 1864. Van.
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of oficlal court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market ; catalog.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc.. $4
mo. Western Business College, 1107 Market.
GUITAR mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 828 Halghtst.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
KENT Law School; always open; send for par-
tlculars. .V.6 Parrott building. ¦
EMPLOVMKNT OFKICK8.
GEORGE AOKiTSTPostTt.'; tel. Bush 135—
I Japanese- Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help.etc.
A — ORPJIKIIM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st.: tel. Main 5753.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
office. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Grant 168.
CHINESE Employment Office — Beet help at
' Loon Seung's. 411-& O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY &. CO.. 640 Clay.
KMPLOYMKN'T WANTED — FKMALB.
FOUR Scandinavian housework girls, 1 Ger-
man and 2 superior Scandinavian cooks who
wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
. 334 Sutter St. .
SCANDINAVIANS; three neat servants, just
from Seattle, good cooks and housework
• girls, wish situations in American families.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 33t Sutter st.
AA— BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady, ex-
pert accountant; all modern methods; highest
reference, last position 5 years. Box 644, Call.
A WOMAN with references desires housework
or washing by the day; terms $1 and car
. fare. Address box 43l>, Call office.
MIDDLE-aged woman wants position aa cook
in .Alaska.' 4 . MRS. BROWN. C01 Eddy «t.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day; house
cleaning or laundry work. 204 Lily ave.' .
RELIABLE girl; general housework and cook-
ing; small family; adults; $25. Box 431, Call.
GOOD American' woman will do day work of
any kind; has no one to help her; would take
charge of business premises; reliable. Call
. 64SA Jessie St., downstairs, bet. 7th and Sth.
WOMAN would act as guide to shoppers,
chaperon young ladies vtsiting city to mat-
inees or other places of Interest; $1 50 per
day and expenses. Box 973, Call.
THOROUGHLY experienced child's nurse and
tieamstress wishes. situation; understands full
charge from btrth; best references; city or
country. 1425 "Washington St.. S. F.
YOUNG German lady. Just, arrived from Ger-
many, wants employment for cook and
household work In a good family household.
Apply at Humboldt House. 130U Stockton st.
YOUNO lady stenographer will accept position
In country: will assist on books; 4 years'
practical experience with Al recommenda-
tlon-i. Box 684, Call office.
DRESSMAKING in families by an experi-
enced dressmaker on ladies' and children's
suits; $1 40 per day; reference. -Box 978,
Call office.
BUSINESS lady of experience would like
position: accurate and quick at figures.' Box
986. Call office. ..
SCOTCH woman wants situation; good cook,
baker and laundress; sleep home; references.
Address Cook, box 993. Call office.
ELDERLY German . lady wants position as
housekeeper for. one or two gents. Address
MRS. P. R-, box 1180. Call office, Oakland.
A COMPETENT youns woman wishes cooking
and housework; wages moderate. Box 647,
Call office. ¦ /
WOULD like to do ladles' and gentlemen'*
" washing at home. Apply 465% Minna st.
GIRL wanU position in candy store. Box 702,
Call office.
POSITION as nursery governess. Apply 590
/ Baker st^ -¦ '
A STRONG young • woman wishes house ami
window cleaning; $1 50 day. Box 701, Call.
WANTED— Position as demonstrator; city, or
will travel. Box 706. Call office. ,
LADY wants to do mashing by the day. Box
775. Call office. ?
REFINED woman wants *vork as lunch
. waitress. Box. 932. Call office.
PLAIN sewing taken at home. 24 Camp St.,
bet. 16th and 17th. ... , '.. ¦ ¦:¦'-'¦¦¦-'
FIRST-CLASS laundress would like fine wash-
Ing to do at home. Phone Page\1187.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Baxaar.- 633 McAllister St.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at '
Call Brunch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
.16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLO YMEXT WANTED — MALE. ~
A— BUTLER—
- Young energetic man. 28, trustworthy, best
. references, wants position .with family will-
ing to . give little instruction- in butler's
' duties; low wages in consideration of above.
Box .417, Call office.
A MECHANICAL draughtsman of long expert-
• encc in designing gas. gasoline, distillate and
I oil ensjnes and machinery, of all kinds, can
' superintend > the manufacture of same. - Box
COS, Call office. ,
ENGLISH ' prof esslonal gentleman desires po-
„ sitton as private secretary, or with company;
- absolutely trustworthy; highest testimonials.
Box 660. Call. .. ; -¦ -
HOUSE and .window . cleaning' or. any I kind of
work by the hour or day: experienced man.
Address H.- WILLIAMS. 205 Second at. \,
SITUATION, wanted by middle-aged porter who
is steady and sober in resort or hotel. Box
; 432. Call office. :,..,¦¦¦ - . \. . '
A GOOD upholstery and carpet layer; will work
by the day or piece. 229 Eleventh St.; phone
VFolsom 183.
BOOKEEPER— Young man,- age-21 years.' aelf
* made, fair education, -. graduate of San Fran-
cisco Business Cg11ok<v desires permanent
¦>.' position with Tellable firm. Box 988. Call.
DRAUGHTSMAN wants position; several years'
mechanical, and electrical experience; will
do evening work at home. Address box 932,
Call T of fice. '' ..'. ¦"•:¦. :' •-¦ .;, -,
AN- expert varnlsher. and polisher. in all. kinds
. of hardwood finish .wants work by the Job;
estimates given. Box 725, Call office. . .
NON-UNION, carpenteij J wants . work : - compe-
-tent to take charge; ;wages reasonable. Ad-
dress box. 110!>. Call office, Oakland.
GOOD sausage maker would like to work In
¦ /.city.-*. Box 792. i Call ¦ office. ' v - ¦ '---
ELDERLY, man -.wants a' situation as porter.
'« Janitor,;. watchman,; elevator, anything; good
• -\ accountant, . legible writer,- etc. Box TOO,' Call.
EXPERIENCED coaUnaUer wants work. Box
9S0 t Call office, \ _ r— T
EMPLO j YMEXT^ WAXTED— MALB.
MECHANICAL* draughtsman.' good designer
and detailer: mining stationary; marine work:
• wants position or work at home. Box 607.
Call office.
YOUNG man, experienced in wagon and car-
riage material, also heavy hardware, would
like to have a position with a wholesale Sna.
Box 415. 'Call.
A YOUNG man. strong and reliable, experi-
enced In general. work about wholesale house,
wishes a position; good references. Box 475.
Call office.
A MAN ot coed address locks for a situation
as dishwasher In a home kitchen. Address
, GEOiJGE BALSEK. K3«5 Commercial St.
BOOKKEEPER who«e time Is not fully occu-
pied want* two or -three small sets of books
to keep. B«px 732. Call,
A GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer will
. work by the day or week; phone Folsom 183,
220 Eleventh st.
PARISIAN ycung man, good education, desires
place as second butler; speaks English fairly.
Address box 60S, Call office.
WANTED— For a boy of ,17. with considerable
mechanical ability, a position in aa electri-
cal shop. Box (".>$. Call office.
GOOD . blacksmith wants situation as tool-
dresser In machine shop, ston* yard or mine.
Address A. B., box 645. Call office.
HOUSE and window cleaning, lawns. garden-
Ing any kind of work by experienced man;
$1 par day. Address H. Williams, 205 2d st.
MIDDLE-AGED handy man wishes position ta
shop, mill or factory: no objections to coun-
try. Box 650, Call office.
WANTED — By an elderly man. work around a
saloon; understands the business; small
wages. Box 412. Call office.
BRIGHT boy of 16, residing with parents,
wishes to work In wholesale house or to
learn a good trade. Box 424, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, who operates typewriter,
desires position; bond and references. Box
777, Call office.
POSITION as errand boy. 1310 McAllister st.
WANTED — Position by first class barkeeper.
Box 103. 1008 Market st.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wa'nta situation 'in
summer resort. Box 104, 1008 Market st.
A POSITION wanted as errand boy. Apply
844B Howard st.
POSITION as floor-walker; references. Box
86. 1008 Market st.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwrlter. wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom St.; phone Mint 131.
MAN ' wants situation as porter, city or coun-
try. Address Box 88. 10OS Market st.
STRONG boy wants situation In butcher shop.
Address box 85. 1008 Market St.
BOY wishes to run errands or help in store;
age 14 years. 112 Perry st.
BOY want3 position as bellboy. J. R.. 906
Market st.
A YOUNG man would like to secure a position
in a wholesale house. Apply 749 Folsom st.
A GERMAN boy wants work, of any kind.
Apply 158 Fourth St.
A GOOD palr\ter. paperhanger and tinter wants
work; phone Church 2958. Box 623, Call.
WANTED — A position as a clerk. Box 615,
Call office.
A JANITOR wants relief work in office build-
Ing. Box 750. Call office.
HOTEL clerk wants position in Mexico. Box
750. Call office.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position to
do housework a^id clain cooking In family:
city or country. 1225 Devlsadero St., tel.
Scott 64S.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
housework or porter: speaks English. M.
OTA, care 627 S California st. S. F. -
FLAT3 TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed tn our free renting department; over 1000
in number: a combined liat from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fail: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET 8T..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture CO.. 243-253
Geary at., on the square.
ELEGANT corner flat; large sunny rooms; all
modern conveniences: separate entrances and
vestibule: n. lit. reasonable. . Southeast corner
nf Oak and Shrader sts.
CENTRAL av?., 71, near Halght st. — Sunny
up-to-date fiat. 6 large rooms and bath:
must be seen to be appreciated; reasonable
to good tenant. •
WEST ave.. fi — Upper 5-room new flat; sepa-
rate yard; porcelain plumbing; wooden man-
tels; rent only $17 50; 20 rr.In. from 3d at.;
Mlsslon-st. cars.
NOE. 1054. cor. Elizabeth — 5 sunny rooms;
new; yard, basement;. convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro cars; reasonable.
BRODERICK. 1433. nr. Post— $30: 6-room flat,
with 4 nice chambers in attic; new porcelain,
open plumbing; sun every rm. Tel. Scott 4341.
ELLIS. 828 — 2 parlors and kitchen; recently
finished; separate front and rear entrance;
$30. ,
BUSH. 121." — Flat 3 rooms, rent $15. Apply
1211 A Bush st. /
LOWER flat of 3 rooms/ 1310Vi Larkin. In^
quire 1320 Larkin st.
CAPP. 10C6, near Twenty-fifth — New, sunny, 5
rooms, modern; rent reasonable.
CHENERY, 163, corner — 5 rooms; Just finished;
$22 50.
COLE. 428, near Page — Elegant 7-r. upper fist;
every room sunny; overlooking O. G. Park.
LYON, 734, near. McAllister — Elecant sunny
upper flat; 6 room* and bath.
MISSION. 294S— 9 rooms, bath, sink and wuh-
room: $27 60.
STEINER. 1325, corner Ellis — Flat 5 rooms,
etc.; partially, furnished; rent only $25. ¦
STE1XER. 1926. corner Pine — Sunny, modern
flat 7 rooms, bath; yard; rent $25.
SUTTER, 2715—5 rooms; new and modern: $23.
UPPER flat. 5 rooms and bath; large yard;
fine view. Apply 47 Chenery «t.
$12: UPPER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
St.. off Market, near Valencia. .
KJ.ATS TO LET FURNISHED.
GUERRERO, 182 — 7 rooms completely/ furnish-
ed; light and modern; rent very reasonable
to responsible party.
BUENA VISTA. 1298 • Halght— Elegantly fur-
. nished 4-room flats; latest Improvements;
ran all day.
BEAUTIFUL 4-room Cat. completely fur. hse.-
1 kpng.; piano; no children; $23. 332 Hayes.
i CAPP. 614^ — Desirable 6-room Cat; piano, cook
'¦ and ga-f ranze: between 11 and 4. .
; DIAMOND, 813— Flat of 3 furnished rooms;
' hot and cold water; $10.
rLATS FOR SALB KLR.VISHED.
SEVEN-ROOM, flat: new furniture: rent $40-
water free; sunlight all rooms; will sell tbl<i
week for. $450; a sacrifice; worth JSOO. 11°4
Fillmore at. ;
NEW* furniture of 4-room flat; rent $15- $125
cash. 9»i Dykeman place, off Mason st
between O'Farrell and Ellis. • *'
TAYLOR. C24. corner Sutter— 8-room flaf aunT
ny; rent $45; clears $35: price $55*. .'
IKS?',?? 5 rooma for. sale; cheap rent. Apply
460 Minna at., forenoon. v
PCRXITDRB FOR SALE.
ANDERSON Auction House at 19 Turk st nr
Market, for furniture and everything for' the
house at lowest ¦ prices. ¦
FURNITURE for sale; $75 worth for $7 50
• §4 o o wn Po.? d .i l surpisat;
"n^^^B^ar'y" £* g. ¦gSPftff
flllUIITCKEWASTKh.- '¦
" abe levy; ~"T ;
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel Jessie 781
I.OriGTXO HOT7.SE* FOR SAT.K — Con.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $128.... $4500
100 rooms; clears $350; low rent.... $6600.
80 rooms; -furniture nearly new $^S00
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
40 rooms; in Oakland; new; Tent. $60.... S2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent...". $600
'Money -to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. ' - '¦
FOR sale^-Lodsing-house. 30 rooms, all rented;
.'rtaaon for sale, sickness; investigate. 255
* Sixth st. .
THIRTY-FIVE-ROOM Market-etreet house;
busy corner; Al transients I will sell at low
figure or exchange. Box 34S0. Call office. .
MINNA, D14y| near Sixth— 10 rooms, house-
keeping; cheap rent; price $200. ' s .
gl'lUITUALlSM.
MRS. J. J, .WlllTNKV,
' Clairvoyant, trance business medium and life
reader. J2CC Market st.. Gait House.
W. G./ KEEGANiiolds testa peances ev. night
- except Sat.; 10c; sit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth sl
MME YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
nlght, 10c. 619 McAllister. Readings dally.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant. and
rlate-writer. 1112 Eddy St.; phone Scott 887.
EARLK'S test seance to-night and Wednesday
night. - 1002 Ellis st. - - ¦ -
C. MAYO-STEE-RS, 3368 lTth st. ; afternoons
¦ only; correspondence nollcited. Tel Capp 859.
CLAIUVOYAME.
THE FUTURE REVEALED, THE PAST
DISCLOSED. i
Tbe Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarlon'e treatise that is
•o electrifying the world to-day.- He Is no
imitator. His work is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works in "the open
light.
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysts as he is for. his original ex-
pression and vivid trutbfulness.
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test Is
of little value; when the mind is troubled you
need more substantial aid and advice. This
is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives
you when you call on him for a first-class
clairvoyant reading. ¦
He asks you no questions, but tells you
wha,t you wish to know.
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you ore heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause at trouble and
suggest the Temedy. '
Permanently located 428 Eddy St.: 3 sepa-
rate reception parlore. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
ASSURED success for you. w
Call at once and save $4. ,
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 . $1 Sl Sl
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him. .
PAUL DESTINE.
The first* registered trance ¦ clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco. -
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
n-.ake no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cufratlon and what you called for; I tell you if
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry: how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "in fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than v you
can tell yourself; his advice -Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he im-
proves your character so that you will feach
the highest possible . development in mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implanted in your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and ldst vitality; gives advice on
mining and burled treasures; gives you success
in life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing: for his services. ;
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.— Closed Sunday, j
326 O'Farrell gt.— 326. _^
MME. M. BERNARD. . THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant .and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate desctipUon of the past, reveals the
-present . happening* and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
\ have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable, advice in
. all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed: readings by mail.. Tel. Black 4560.-
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
*ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
50c, g. by cards $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
rit.. $1 601 290 O'Farrell st., near Mason.
A— Miss if. Wille, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will. tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given: (special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.:
/ I correctly treat your love arrairs. domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
1.. 50c; g..-$l. 714 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and bus. medium, read, dally $1; develop-
ing class Thursday, 8 p. in. 612 Eddy st.
*Mrs.Ai.H.Kronenb-"rg,palmist, clairvoyant, card
re«der;when others fail try me:good readings
25c. 721 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave.T-pl. Larkin 420".
A — Mme. Ravenna reada life; business advice:
names given: 25c up. 835 Howard. bet.4th&5th.
MISS SEYMOUR, celebrated card reader and
palmist.' 141 Taylor St.. near Eddy, 2d floor.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date
and facts; readings daily. 017 Market st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23^ 6th; 1. 25c,', g. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 23c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission St., nr. Cth; open Sun.
SPIRITUAL healer; successfully treats all dis-
eases; 2 treatments. 93& Golden Gate ave.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2CH Kearny. room SO; ladles 25c; gents 50o.
ISMAR, the celebrated 'Ejryrtlan seeress. will
return from her ' vacation ¦ July ' 1. -
MF.S. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st. ,
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant,' card reader, slt-
tinga dally. 44S% Jessie St.. bet. Sth and 6th
A WEEK'S news 'for B cents^ — The Weekly Call.
¦ 1g pages, lr wranper. for mailing. $1 per year.
CAKPgT PI^TIXCr AXD CLEAWIXQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
. universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor. without removal; carpets and rugs are
also cleaned by compressed air' at shop;
.".'prices moderate* . S. F.' Compressed Air
Cleaning Co., SOS Market St.; phones Main
1R2 and Bush 4<J. .
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357, Tehama St. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth . st.f clean-
lng & laying done reasonably. TeL Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S0O Har-
rlton St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
t 333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 12tf- :
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard .tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning CO..402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. QEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-bcatlng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel.Mlsslon 263.
CncOTHISTG REWOVATIITG.
SUITS cleaned and . pressed. $1 : ; scouring : and
: dyeing. Bon. Marche. - 40 Ellis st., *room 14;
¦ phone Prumm 44. ¦ Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for SI; collections made;
city or country.,. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms, 9-10:. tel. Main: D5S0.
COTTAGES TO LET. . : *
COTTAGE, -7 "rooms; in, good condition; cheap.
223 Third ave., Richmond. ' v?;.
$18— COTTAGE, 8 rooms and bath;. lot 04x114.
; Apply 44-i Twenty-seventh - at.. ¦:- near Noe. -
— — ~-' ;^ - PESTiSTg." j :H'" ; _'" .;-'-'
A NEW plate — The AVhalebone — Cannot break;
'.. warranted . 20 yra.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 00c;
plates, $5; ;,, full , set; all . work painless and
.¦warranted.'}* Chicago Dental Parlors, 1 24 Sixth.'
DR, LUDLUM HILL, M<3 Market.nr.EIeventh
j —No charge for extracting ' whea plates are
.made; old platea made ; over like - new; - teeth
. from $8 per set;. extracting 60c; gas given.
FREE ; examination , with V- chart ' at ; > the ¦ new*
, York i Dentists, : D60 -Mission st.,i BE." cor. 6th.
Paris Dental Parlors. ¦ 235 Kearny,-" cor/- Bush—
; Set teeth." $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;filllngs,25c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.lMst
floor. Plielan ;¦ bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Faxrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver,' 35c; crowns,-: $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewitt, 201 Suttr.
ATTORXKYS-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divcrce for email fee.
See roe and rave money; no Day In ad\-ance.
G. W HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
Eftabli*h°d 2U >rs.; ran. 1. 2. .:. < & ft - lst , n ;'
1122 Markft Ft., between Mason and Taylor.
Afiv.ce fiee all matters. Detectives employed.
rTw. KING. Attorney-at.Law. Exam, bl-lg..
tith floor; eatmneo room CU; r-stabllshe-l -0
>rars: all ca«es. general court and of lies prsc-
llce: no fea !n advance or for consultation;
I erentefS? by nr.'jclntmfnt. Tel. Red 3C01.
! ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
! ccttE In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. S19 Market St.. r. 31,
DIVORCE— Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advics
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity: advice
fc-ee: oost-> $12. Ad. B.A.P.. P.O. box 2199. S.F.
L. S. CLARK. :>2T »t. ; consultation
fr»»: nn feep In advance: "pen rvenings.
BOAKDl.XU FOU CHILDREN.
A LADT having her own country home would
tsJte one or two children to care for. Address
7 g.. Rural No. 1. Ban Leandro.
FRENCH boarding for children. MRS^OUNTZ,
I 603 Pine sL
~~ BCS1XKSS CBASCES.
A— JINK); BALOON In wholesale district; vi-
cinity of Sansome st.; place established 20
ye&js: doing a good business; rent *50. See
R. G. WILKE. 26fc Keearny st.
A— $3500: ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St.. vicinity of
California: place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. 8ce R. G.
WILKEL 26H Keamy st. J
A— J450; BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best location
in the Mission; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE.
2-fp-j Kearny st^ »
A 530OO HOTEL in 8an Rafael; 21 rooms, bar,
parlor and dining room; a well established
place ; -rood furniture and a bargain. Call
R, G. WILKE. yiata Kearny »L
A GOOD paying saloon on Clay st.; rent 565;
place is establ. for years; in\-estlgate at
once; this is a rare chance; value in sight.
6ee R. G. WILKE. 28 \i Kearny st.
A— JTOO; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate
Park: rent $25; good business; clearing about
$150 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny St.
A— $2500; BALOON; choicest location on Mar-
k'.t.ft.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a first- class paying business. Call
II. G. WILKE. 26^a Kearny et.
A— $250- BOTTLE beer route; well established.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 26^, Kearny sU •
A— $2T50; CORNER saloon on Market St.. In-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $80;
lease; a first-class location and well estab-
plifhed place. Bee R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kear-
ny st.
A— $2000: SOAP factory; a splendid and well-
e«tab!lshed business; also manufactory of
washing powder; owner will allow buyer to
lnvestlfrate business for 14 days. See R. G.
WILKE. 26>-a Kearny st.
A— $TCO: SALOON with long lease in choicest
part of this city; rent $40: a good paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
A— $000— CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable hcuse; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
J175 per aionth. See R. G. WILKE. 2«H
Keamy st^ '
A— DRUGSTORE — drugstore — drugstore; price
$4M)0; established 27 years; lease 5 years;
rent J60; one of the best paying stores in this
city; owntr to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny rt.
A— 1100; CORNER saloon with 7 rooms on
Bryant et. ; rent $50; place surrounded ¦ by
factories and warehouses; a cood business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny St.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
iscxj-S furniture, lease, place paying well. See
R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2500; DAIRT depot and route; dally sales
60 cans; k horses. 4 wagons, etc; most pri-
vate -Customers; business kept by owner 19
rear*; a. good-paying Investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 H Xearny St.
A — $350; branch "bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
good buklness. See R. G. WILKIE, 284
Keamy st. ¦
A— J20C0; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton ets.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; flrct-clars business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st =
A— $»00: SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk sts. ;
rent $50; this is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a workingman's place;
rare chance. Bee R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
$3000— GKOCERT and bar. on Fourth St.. about
1 block from Market St.; lease: good paying:
established years; sickness only cause ol
sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26-^ Kearny st.
A— $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; caeh
hUEiness; store receffts about $60 per day:
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
ca»h or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call It. G. WILKE. 28V4
Kearny st.
FURNITURE store; a snsp for rlsrht party;
new and *econd-hand roods handled: north
Market; $700. DUNN & CO... 1312 Market.
FINE opening for young man with $200. See
DUNN & CO., 1312 Market st.
DERMATOLOGIST, electrolysis parlors, with
furniture equipment and $300 stock at a bar-
gain; now paying handsomely; reason sick-
ness. See DUNN. 1312 Market st.
BEIiG ARMSTRONG & CO.,
. REAL ESTATE AND BUSINESS CHANCES.
31S KEARNY ST.
$2000 — SALOON: up-to-date corner; 3 years'
lease. BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO., 318
Kearny st.
AUTOMOBILE plant at bankrupt sale^ — Com-
plete plant, including fixtures, tools, machin-
ery, etc., belonging to the bankrupt estate
of "the Universal Automobile Company, will
be sold at bankrupt pale June 8. For in-
ventory and particulars apply at the office
of FRANK & MANSFIELD, attorneys, 200
Kar.some street, San Francisco.
FOR sale — One of the best grocery stores in a
city across the bay, not far from San Fran-
cisco; must sell or take a partner, one .who
can look after the business. Address for
particulars, box 642, Call office.
FOU sale — A good business In Tonopah; well
eatablUhed and paying a fine profit; amount
of cash required about $1500. Full particu-
lars box 160, Call office. , -
PARTNER in paying restaurant and 20 fur-
nished rooms; ail occupied; lady or gentle-
man who can cook; $400 required. 607
Sixth st.
FOR sale — First-class* meat market, well es-
tablished, in the Western Addition, supply-
. tr.g best family trade. Address box 428, Call
$58 WILL buy out 2 furnished rooms; good lo-
cation for business: Including barber chair
and washing machine. 90 Harriet st.
GENERAL- merchandise store in country for
eale; complete stock of everything. Address
for particulars, box 169, Call office.
! WANTED — A delicatessen store with estab-
lished trade; state amount of trade and price
asked. Box .682, Call office.
$550— RELIABLE man can secure Interest In
ertab., profitable business; must be trust-
worthy and willing to work. R. 104,1170 Mkt.
FOR sale— Store fixtures,' with or without
rtock; fine living rooms. 108 Turk st.; phone
Howard 3456.
RESTAURANT and 20 rooms; nicely fur-
v.lnbed: all occusled; to be sold cheap; low
rent. 567 Sixth st.
DELICATESSEN and grocery for sale; every-
thing new; good family trade.- Address' box
753, Call office. ,
OLD established bakery for sale, or ,will ex-
change for country property; good place for
- 2 men. Box 025. Call office. -
$350 — PARTNERSHIP established business;
good chance for steady man. Pacific Busi-
ness Association, 114S Market St.
A— $250; PARTNER wanted in light business.
Particulars at 23 Geary. St., room 5. .
SALOON license for sale. Call 11 a. m. to 1
p. m. to-day at O K saloon, S04 Howard st.
SALOON, on account leaving city. Address box
¦H'C. Call. *- ¦ . l . "
. WANTED— Active partner in ' downtown - day
raloon; price $2000. Box -427, Call office.
WANTED— To buy a coal and feed yard;, well
established. Box 194, Call , office.
WANTED— To buy a small brewing plant or
utensils, kettles, etc. Address box. 610. Call.
WANTED— To . buy a restaurant for cash.
Box 711. Call office. - -,
¦WANTED— To buy a good hotel; state locality
and full particulars. Box 738, Call office.
BOOK ftore and news stand for sale In West-
ern Addition. • Box 670, Call office. '/":.*¦; ¦ :*
FOR sale— Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister sU
JOZZf D. sr EECKELS. Proprietor.
iWrBTccxEElCaUDSS 13 JGHS gcSAUGHT, g3ElgSr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TfcX DOLLARS RHYVAKD*.
Notify The Call Oniee If You 31isa
Your Paper.
If for any cause THE CAI.X. la not de-
livered reyularly to eufcscrlbera pl«*»«
call up "CALX. EXCKA2TOE" and notlfT
Subscription Clerk in charge. Tour com-
Maint will receive prompt attention.
A standing reward of , Ten Dollar*
fS:c.o:> is offered lor th» arrest and
conviction of any one cauffht atealinff
¦riiE CALI..
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAUL. The Operator "CTTll Con-
nect Tou With tbe Department Too
PubUcatkm Office Market and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Room* 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
XWrrere-3 by Carriers, 20 CU. Per ™***' 78
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cu
STm» fcy Mall, lncludirr Postage tCasb «»"»
Order): .. ««
XXULT CALI. Cnclud. Sunday). 1 year JS.oo
UAILT CALL (Includ. Sunday). 6 mos.... 4^.00
X3AILT CALL— By Sircle Month '|~
PCNDAT CALL. 1 Ttar f.^O
SVEEKLT CALL. 1 Tear •_
r r>»llv $S 80 Per Tear Extra
;*i-L POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Btrrple Cop:es wlil be forwarded when re-
quested. • .
&!«.:? subscribers tn ordering change »£. "fr
tT'it cbould be particular to rive both Ivi.w
AND OLD ADDRESS «d order to Insure a
prcinpt &sd correct compliance wlUi their re-
0MK,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
U18 Broafiway Telephone Mala 1083
BERKELET OFFICE:
Sl«8 Center Street Telephone North 7J
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
E A MITEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel: A. Brentaco. 31
Cticn Square; Murrsy Hill Hotel; FlJta-ave-
Bu« Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS..Marquette Building
<Lcc* Distance Telephone. "Central 2S19.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
ErSTNEES OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
CsJI. corner Market and Third streets; open
cntil 12 o'clock »very nirht In tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market etreet. cppoejte Fifth; open until
II p. B.
C"7 Montgomery street, -corner Clay; open
until 3:30 x> tn
5O» Hayes etreet: epen until 9:80 p. m,
«33 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 MlMion street; cpen until 10 p. m.
t2Cl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until :• p. m.
It 6 Eleventh - .r-^t: cpen until • p. m.
1TO« Valencia street; open until 8 p. n.
h.crtbeaEt corner Church and Duncan streeU:
_«rpen until 9 p. m.
Ncrthwefct corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky -streets; open until 9 p. m.
C200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
TO SCBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
-FOR THE SUMMER.
CALI. subscribers contemplating a
rhanire of residence duriur the summer
month* can have their naper forwarded
by mail to their new address by nctify-
irsr THE CALL Business Office. This
Paper will also be en sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
agent in all towns on the coast.
UEET»G NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA r-h a pter No 5. R. A. m
M.. will rn-^et THIS <TUE5DAT) Jl/
EVENING. May Sl, at 7:30 o'cl-v-k. /\A.
PP. M. an^l M. E. M. degrees. By or-
der of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Secretary.
IIISPION Chapter No. 73 R A M.— a
Special m^rtir.K THIS' (TfESDAT) VV
EVF.VING. 1:30 o'clock; P. M. and /^\
II. E. >i. u-=grt-cs. By order of the
H P
! [iL R - HILLMAN. Secretary.
GOLPFN GATE Ledge No. 30. F. and q
A. M.— Tailed meeting THIS (TT'ES- *J\0
I>AY» EVENING at 7:30 o'clock
Third degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. METER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodpe No. 144, F. and A. «
M.— Second deirree THIS (TUESDAT)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
A^ £. Hl'BBARD, Secretary.
KING Solomon Lodge No. 2C0 F fc A m
M.. ISi5» Fillmore st.— Thlrt degree >A^
THIS -fTTESDAY) EVENING. at /V\
HARRT BAEHR. Secretary.
L'XITED Artisans' Assembly , x
No. 200. m*»t* in Rci Men's S&*7Cr1
Hall. S20 Post St.. EVERT iff /\L«T
TUESDAT at * p. m. Arti- "j /Fvfl
Fans, please cttend. MRS. "4 /.' \ff&
JENNIE MrE. GAL- \WtlVX\f
BREATH. Assistant Grand VV» j C \fl
Master. -f^ -' j<,1
AtSSTBSAX Benevolent Srn-letv— Rer- v-j.rty-
ular quarterly meeting at th<:r h^ll. ?.^?T5f
¦4!.; Sutter rt.. on WEDNESDAY
EVENING. June 1. 1904. at S o'clock •'VSS*
rharp- Apprvpriations and donations and
other very important business will be trans-
§ acted. Fines for non-attendance will be
»tricUy imposed. By order t,t
3. W. STANEART. President.
DE WITT W. TOLL, Recording Secretary.
Tf> the Officers and Member* of the _
Riepcrs' and Rt e\-edor»»s' T.'nion Lo- id*
cal 222. of the I. L. M. and T. A. — JjA
1pu axe hereby notified to attend the
r'<ru:a.- meeting of tl:i« union which '\S2?«
mill be held at oir hall. 321 Nrw J&f
Montgomery M., . TO-DAY- (TUES-
DAY), May 31, at 8 p. m. sharp. Busl/iess
of importance to come before the meeting
By order of
t^UHP" TCBO?C . Fl"t Vice President.
HENRY JEXD. Rec. and Cor. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meetir.jt— The regular annual meetl
ing of the stockholders of the Bankers' In.
vestment Company will be held at the office
of -the <~onu>ar,y. tt the Nevada National
Bank of Ean Francisco, on THURSDAY, June
2. i:»04. at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
of electin* a board of directors to serve for
the enf-uin* year and the transaction of such
' other bu*in»*s a* may come before the meet-
ing. 1. W. HELLMAX JR.. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for Scents — The Weekly C«1L
38 pa-r<;s. lo wrapper, for -lalltnir. tl per year
ACEVTS WASTED.'
AGENTE— An agency for a proposition that la
a decided Improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Pirrott building.
WE want a number of experienced canvassers
at ouce; liberal contracts znnde with live men
<«r«.o fan <Jo business. Apply to White Eew-
1EC Machine Co.. 300 Post st
WHY not help your friends ar.d make extra
»ages ecliirx investment chares; dividends
>ure thin year: men or women. Box IMS. Call
astema jcarrax.
A D! Kola's Asthma Remedy relieves InsUnH I
ly: 10c. ac, W)c. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas, i
ONE of the* best makes of automobiles on the
¦ market for sale; late model. Address bcx
OIL Call office.
A 1 .TO MO BILE for sale; catoilr.e power; only,
, Ivoen used :: month*. Box 0U.:. Call office.
3'OR nclc — A steam automobile Jn first -class
running order. Box 712, .Call office.
1700 CADILLAC automobile tot aale; good aa
uew. Box 16L' Call office.
ifMALL automobile for sale; almost new. Box,
its. call QtHei^tBBBtBOnlttK^ttHKBBOKi
I'iV.UCK tnou.rette. <J borsepower.' for sale. 3ox
I'JS. Call office.
WAXTEJV- To bay an automobile In good rnn-
• Bins order; state make, etc. , . Box »76. CalL
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly CaH~
1C pages. In wrapper, tor mailing, fl per year.
BUSINESS CHAJTCES — .Contlnned.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
¦3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell. ,
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 3U-room hotel: all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; rait-k- own hay, vecetables; all
' kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
thin $2500; death In family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO. "
FOR tale— Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's tide from -city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences; new, one
year; price $2200 complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. >
FOR sale— Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent: 6% years' lease;
.. one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
ing fine business; other interests cause ?ale;
price f GOOO. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rrog..hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 6 acre* Inside city
limits; one of best interior cities in Califor-
nia: house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit: beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account other business. CAM-
ERON * CO.. 3 Eddy »t.
FOR aeJe — Carriage and wagon factory and
£«Ti«ral Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.; full investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO..
8 Eddy st. „
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-bouses and business chance*. CAM-'
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy Kt.
$450 — SALOON for sale; piano; refrigerator; S
living rooms; must sell. 513 Howard st.
$550— PAYING braach bakery and store; living
rooms. Apply 2C2 Noe st. .^^
SALOON license for sale cheap. Call Tuesday,
1007H Market st.. room 1. -
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100* Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. *_
LOUUl.Vti-UOUSUS FOK SAJLBL
A.. CAMERON & CO., Phone South Km
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels i and
Ail Kinds of Business Chances.
S2 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car--
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $800 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
63 rooms; best downtown transient house in
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
17 rooms; rent Only $70; fine little apart-
ment house; sickness; must sell; snap;' $600.
125 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $6OO per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with- us.
76 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; chean rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
2*4 rooms; rent $145; new ana elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany ; fine proposition;
goo« lease.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness Interests demand Immediate departure.
S rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
11600,
JSO rooms; grand, i.ew, modern apartrrf^nt-
hotJse; elegantly* furnished and equipped;
t-tieap rent: fine lease; paying $500 to $6OO per
month: cloee in; full nice people: bargain if
taken at once; dissolution of partnership.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100: well ' furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1100. , -
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
ir>r, rooms; cheap rent;' first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars. •
—
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business, for exchange or trade, always I on
hand.
A. CAMERON A CO., 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance,
cor. Third and Market sts.; phone Black 3607;
! rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
*40 ROOMS. 8 blocks N. of Market st.; rent
$70; 3-year lease; income per month $300;
owner sick in hospital; price $1500; furnished
1% years: easy terms. MARION GRIFFIN.
24 ROOMS, 1 block of Market; 1 floor: brick
house; rent $80; clears $80; price reduced to
$1100; J-i cash; sickness. MARION GRIF-
' FIN.
60- ROOM hotel; corner house; extra low rent;
house full; pays well; owner has lost his
voice and will have to change climate; price
reduced to $5000. MARION GRIFFIN..
26 ROOMS: new and modern: 'north of Mar-
ket; all extra large, outside rooms; 19 bay
windows; fine, new- furnishings; -electric
lights L clears $179 monthly for last 9 months;
lease; price $3500. MARION GRIFFIN.
14 ROOMS. 5 blocks N. of Market; clean aa a i
pin; well furnished; sunny side; respectable;
$1000; % cash. MARION . ORIFFIN. •
18 ROOMS: a swell house; splendidly . fur-
nished; nicely situated, near Ellis and Van
Ness; rent $75; thoroughly respectable; in-
come $180 monthly;- owing to peculiar, cir-
cumstances, • almost any offer will be accept-
ed by -.- MARION GRIFFIN.
r ' ' i ; " ¦
8 ROOMS; furnished 2 months; cost $410;
rent $25; 7 rented for $55; will sell for $250;
% cash. ,;• MARION . ORIFFIN.
85 ROOMS; $3800; reduced from $5000; all men,
roomers: rent only $225; well laid out house;
2 floors. , : MARION GRIFFIN.
103 ROOMS; owing to ill-health - we * are ex-
clusively authorized to -sell one of. the -best
. furnished . houses In this city; it's dependa-
ble, high class, above a whisper of reproach
and clears $450 monthly. -. MARION GRIF-
; FIN. ¦-. - - ¦ ¦ •; -- ¦ '. ' ¦
16 - ROOMS, '¦ N. . of : Market: > $600; make offer;
rent$32; a snap. .-. -x MARION 'GRIFFIN.
48 ROOMS; beautifully furnished; 5-year lease-
electric elevator and electric lights; -fine cor-
ner;, make offer; clears $222 per month;: it't
truly a fine house. ; : MARION GRIFFIN.
\ - -\\ \ )KN) rhK ( yr \ rKl )r
IS OFTEN THE
HELi* WAXTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — First-olasg nurse. $30. to care for
4 months' old baby an<l 3-year-oM child for
Roa* Valley. S*e lady thi3 forenoon at office
of J .F. CROSETT & CO.. 33 1 Sutter St.
WANTED — A large number of girls for cook-
ing, plain work. $30; roc*. $Ji; housework;
girls, $-.¦>. an«l chambermaids and waitresses.
$i:.V also'srcomi girls, $Ji; too many tu ad-
vertise. Call and see J. F. CROSETT & CO..
KJ4 Suttcr st. .
WANTED — Cook for 4 in family and soms
transient boarders, for roadside Inn in the
fcxithllls: no washing. fv>: faro paid. J. F.
CROSETT^ &'CO.. 3^4 Sutter gt.
WANTED — German. or Scandinavian chamber-
malii for family: San Mateo. $'.'5; reference*.
J. F. CKOSETT & CO.. :-tt Sutter st.
A SECOND girl American family of two. $23;
cook $-«: hou'aegirl. nursegirl. $2«>: chamber-
maiii hotel $~O- women for ranch. $-j. and
numbVr girls, country. NORTON. 313 ou'.ter
A^-- WANTED— Girls to learn halrir»93mg.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those enteriny now; 3 po-
sition's to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— Girl to learn millinery now for spring aea-
ccn: both seasons taught from start to finish
Jn 1 month for $15: positions aa trimmers.
snlesladles.etc, guaranteed at $10 per wfc up:
1 oay and evening class. 1*3 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— Ladles Iearn~all branches halrdresstr.s
trade, manicuring, massage, etc: positions
secured at highest wages; day and evening
classes; thorough system. Removed to u«J
Powell st. __
A— LADIES, learn all branches hairdressing
trade, manicuring, massage, ttc; positions
secured at highest wages: day and eve. class-
es; thor. system. Removed to 13.. Powell 3t.
MIDDLE-AGED ' woman wanted for general
housework: light cooking. 1422 Devisadero
St.. near Geary.
NEAT girl general housework small family,
German preferred; good home. 1116 Turk at.
GERMAN girl for second work and plain iron-
. Ing; no washing. 1S17 California st.
WANTED — A chambermaid at Hotel lliramar.
783 Geary «t.
GOOD waitress; $8. 206 McAllister St.. abov»
Hyde. ¦
YOUNO girl for light second work: 3 in fam-
ily. Call between 10 and 12. 2203 Buchanan.
EXPERIENCED cook for coffee saloon. Sit
Hayes st.
NEAT young girl to wait on table. B13 Hayes.
GIRL for plain cooking and light housework.
763 Cole st.
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework.
Apply 882 Fulton St.. near Flllmore. _
EXPERIENCED waitress; dinner hour. 448
El'.ls st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m.. Wednesday; salary no object.
EXPERIENCED solicitor, either sex. every
community, improved, fast selling staple ar-
ticle; permanent exclusive territory: bi»
future: liberal commission. WARD Jk
SCHEIDLER. 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED — Bright girl for stock keeping ta
the manufacturing department of I. MAG*
NIN A CO.. 656 Mission st.. third floor.
WANTED — 25 girls to stem strawberries. Ap-
ply Tuesday morning at 7 o'ejock.' Facia*
Coast 8yrup Co., 713 Sansome *st.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In August.
Write E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 123 Bat-
tery St., S. F.
WOMAN, not too young, . and familiar with
business methods, for position of trust; no
office work. Box 421. Call.
WANTED— First-class operator. MULRO-
NEY. 110 Geary st.
WANTED — Apprentice for dressmaking; paid
while learning. 1327 Maaon at.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework: good
home. Call after noon. 221 Bartlett st.
COOK for Park Hotel cafe, Alameda; refer-
ences required.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
A BRANCH office ot The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opxmalt* FiftX
Op-n until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED— MALT:.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AOENCT. "~~™~
11 Third st.. near Call bldg.: phon» Bush 400.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK,
25 teamsters. $67 W> a month.
15 laborers, $60 a month.
10 drillers rockmen hammersmen, JT5.
GOLD MINE.
4 single and double hand miners. $3 day.
10 laborers, R hours, free fare, $60.
/ SAWMILL CREW.
Edgerman. $3 25 a day and found.
6 laborers, mill. $35 to $40 and found.
Laborer, city. $2 25 a day.
Bcrew turner. $35 and board.
Second trimmer. $40 and board. ' .
Board puller. $45 and board.
5 section hands, eawmlll. *.;n a,nd found.
10 lumber pliers. $C5 to $40 and found.
Wood turner. $3 !>O a day.
4 hay teamsters. $1 50 a day and board.
Choreman. $25 and found. ,
WOODS CREW.
2 barkers. $45 and board.
8 woodchoppers. pine. 4 feet. $1 23 cord.
8 orchard and vineyard hands. Sonoma Coua*
ty. $20 and board.
3 sash and door makers, $2 to $3 day.
Sticker hands. $•': SO day.
6 factory men. steady Job, $2 a day.
10 boiler makers. $3 to $4. board and lodg-
ing; steady job guaranteed; free fare.
. CAL. EMP. AGENCT. 14 Third. St.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
F. M. GUNN. K5S Commercial st.
Phone Main 1191. Near Kearay.
Bhlp to-day; Santa Fe Company's own work
In California; free fare.
25 laborer*. 8 hours" work. California, $80.
Free fare. Call early on this to-day.
40 men to build electric railroad: $2 day;
good board and free fare, come and so.
10 laborers, only 15c fare. $2 day.
6 handy men, $2 25 day, 25c fare.
Sawmills, north by rail — 2O men for lngrtins
railroad. $W>: 5 Scandinavian lumber pliers.
$2 5O day; 4 loggers, $lll> month: screw turn-
er. $55 and found: woc-3 turner. $4. see bos-i
here; sash and door men. good wage*; .-'>
boys and young men, box factory. $24- and
found; 3 young men to learn sash an1 door
trade, $1 50 up: man and wife. tU>: black-
smith, $3 50; 5 woodchoppers. 4 ft. pine.
$1 25 cord; milker, s»e boss nere 11 a. ta.
.Lots of other Jobs. Cal! and see us.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
. 602 Clay st. Phone James 2478.
Carriage painter. $3 50 day. .
2 carpenters. $3 5O day.
5 sash ami doer men. $2 50 tn $.1 day.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
2 men. It. R. bridge gang. $2 day.
20 men, building logging road. $2 day.
15 boys or men. box factory, $2 day.
Teamsters, ditch work. $t 25 day and boar<L
Nevada, teamsters and tahorera. ship dally.
Other good jobs at 602 Clay st.
ALL ~ ~
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay »t.
WANTED — Photographic printer and retoucTi-
er: flrst-clasa only need apply. LENC PHO-
TOGRAPHIC STUDIO. 816 Market s«.
MEN and women wanted to learn th<» barber
trade, free of charge. Glllett O"ese of
Barbers. 617 Commercial st.
WANTED — 1 or 2 persons to learn good tra-1^:
rteady work all year round: must have J^3
cash. Call 310H Folsom St.. ur'tatrs.
BARBER wanted — Steady work: young m.»n
preferred. ¦ 1375 Mission st.
UNION barber wanted: wages $14. 1007 TaJW
cia st
WANTED— Sailors and ordinary seamen for »-' !
parts of Europe. LANE'S, 5M Davis tt.
FIRST-clasii barber, must be aober. retiaM"
man. 817 Laguna gt.
TWO-chalr barber shop for sale: good luHllW"
1938 Mission st.. corner Sixteenth. __
BARTENDER and porter. $::0 ta $W r. and
board.; German with ref. • 7.T9 Fourth _st.
DISHWASHER wanted. VA Fifth st.
"WANTED — A man to care for 2 horses. ArP ly
iy Tenth st. from 9 to 11 a. m.
BARBER— 3- chair ohop for «ate: slckrie-«
cause of sale. H. BERNARD. 1M Seventh ¦"¦
YARDMAN, who can help about a kitchen.
200 McAllister st.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a *£**
talker, eager to make money. F. i£.«3V-^»
477 and 47S, Parrott buildlnj. —
RESULTTHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY. MAY .31,./ 190*.
13
TNI' A W/ANl^F' A T\ TNI PAI I
B m. I \ tt/%//m m B /«¦¦ I a 1 H » -» ¦ / » a
\ /a w A \ I A I ) \ lin VjA
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHA5OB.
INCOME property In San Francisco to ex-
change for gocd lots In Oakland or Berke-
ley. P. C. LAS3EN A CO.. 46« Tenth at.. |
Oakland. Cal. --—
BEBKELEY ADVERT'S'lTNTS
BERKELEY KEAl. ESTATE.
BERKELEY BUSINESS PROPERTY as an
Investment is equal to anything ¦ on the
coast There is money to be made by buy-
Ing that class cf property— live local trains
every hour from Berkeley station to San
Francisco.
Berkeley is a village no more— It la the
center of California for many things.
BERKELEY IS CALIFORNIA.
SOME GOOD BUYS.
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick bulla-
Irg. a NW corner. « stores below and flats
above, paying well.
A flne corner on Shattuck avf., very promi-
nently located; vacant; there's money la It.
A stone and brick warehouse, fitted with com-
partments, elevator etc.. la a business center;
leased for five years.
A business block on Telegraph ave, 3 stores
and flats above with vacant corner adjoin-
ing for flats; a choice proposition.
JOS. J. MASON,
Ccr. Center and Shattuck. Berkeley.
GOOD investment* near new Santa Fe.
. ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 ft. frontage on track: 2
blocks from Berkeley station $230r>
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x133; mac.; within H block $430
Half block adjoining R. R. property $26tji>
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 105« University av»..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
BERKELEY INVESTMENT.
Double your money! Non-resident has ever
140O feet divided Into 40-foot Iota, Including
corners, between Santa Fe R. R., Key Route
and S. P. R. R. depots; near school, etc:
$7 60 p*r foot as a whole for Immediate sal».
HARRY L. HOLCOMB. 314 San Pablo ave.
FRUITVALE ADVETS'M'NTS
rnrjiTTALis real, estate.
ELROD & HULL.
No. SO— $700: 300 chickens. 2 lncnbator*.
brooders and brooder-house*: chicken -houses
and yards; horse, harness and buggy; on«
milch cow; all tools necessary to run a first,
clasa poultry farm; on street car line; all
for aale for $70O: 14-room house and barn
and 5 acre* of as fine land as there Is In
Alameda County: some fruit on the plaes,
this for rent at $10 per month.
OAKLAND ADVEETlSEMEliTS
OFFICE, 1113 BBOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BELDEN*S BARGAINS.
$950— An elegant elevated site far a hem?;
se« that choice lot. 40x115. In beautiful College'
Heights. Thirty-fourth and Webater ats.
$4400 — Pretty 8 -room home in Linda Vista:
all new and lot 87x113.
$3250 — Nice 7-room cottage and lot. 41x125.
on Filbert st.. near Twelfth.
$3100 — 11 per cent Income Investment and
good speculation: fine fiats with 30- foot lot;
splendidly located; near San Pablo ave.: In
rapidly advancing district; rent $27 and can be
Increased; might consider good lot In part pay-
ment
$2500 eacri — Only 2 more left of those Jones
estate cottages on Jone« st. bet. Telegraph
ave and Grov* st.: right In heart of city; 6
room* and bath; lots SOxlCO. and the best bar
gains ever offered. BELDEN. real estate. 1112
Broadway. Oakland.
$500— $10 monthly: cottage of 3 rooma; good
; barn and stable: chlcken.housea and flne
chicken-run: assorted family orchard in, full
bearing; Cne well of .water; full H acre rich
sandy loam soft; near fine school and electric
car line church and town hall; a lovely sec-
tion away . from foes and winds, adjoining
East Oakland; price $1250; this Is a fine
pick-up. Call or send for circular. 453 Sev-
enth, opp. Broadway Station. Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
REMOVAL REMOVAL
THE ALDEN COMPANY. REAL ESTATE.
HAS REMOVED FROM 1119 BROADWAY
TO 1233 BROADWAT.
A SEVEN-ROOM house; good location: large
lot. with tree*. Cower*, chicken houses: all
street work done; only $2250.
P. C. LASSEN, 486 Tenth St.. Oakland. CaL
REMOVAL— REMOVAL.
Geo. H. Vose. Real Estate Broker acd
house renter, has removed from 111S Broad-
way to 972 Broadway, corner 10th at.
(4000 — GOOD residence: 969 Fifth ave.. Oak-
land; 2 blocks from station. See J. L.
KENNEDY, 417 Parrott building. 3. T.
OAKLAND FURBISHED HOUSES.
FOR rent — Furnished; $37 30; lovely cottage. 6
rooms; piano: large lot. flowers, etc.; close
in- 3 to 8 months. HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
314 San Pablo ave.. Oakland. CaL
FURNISHED rooms, with or without beard;
centrally located. Apply 613 Eighteenth st.
Oakland.
OAKLA.VD gX'RXITTJRE , rotttAlJB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
tare. H. Schellhaas.llth st-.cor.store.Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisemts.
ROOMS FOR HOPiSKEEPWO.
BRYANT 421 — One single room suitable for
lady go'tng out to business; gas. ,
BRYANT. 421 — Two sunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; ga».
GOLDEN GATE are.. 527—2 nice sunny fur-
nished front rooma for housekeeping; rent
reasonable.
, — «
GOLDEN GATE av*., 1329. near Scott — Floor
of .3 or 4 rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping: rent reasonable.
JACKSON.- 1316 — Sunny front rooms. com-
plete for hskpg.; refs. phone Polk 1373.
JESSIE. S33 — Large, sunny parlor, furnished
houiekpng. ; gas; $3 week; other rooms cheap.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3- room suites; steam heat>
ed. electric lighted; tree baths; rate $30 as.
LARKIN. 820. corner Golden Oate ave. — Fur-
nlsb«d sunny; central: bath, closets; phone;
running water; reasonable^
LARKIN. 817 H— Nicely furnlAed sunny front
room; folding bed; ga« stove; reasonable.
MARKET. 1032— Two housekeeping rooms: gas
and coal stove, and other rooms. :
MCALLISTER, ltftl — S sunny famished con-
necting; 'complete; kitchen, bath, all con-
veniences: reasonable.
NINTH. 133 — 2 large aunny furnished . house-
keeping rooms; gas range; no other roomers.
OAK. 10— One large room, furnished complete
for housekeeping, with gas stove.
OAK. 10—2 rooms, complete for housekeeping;
use of piano. - '
OAK, 117. and 538 McAllister— Rooms comptet«
for housekeeping, $3 to $13; gas range; hot
bath; adults. •
I OAK, COS — Two newly famished rooms or 3
housekeeping rooms to let for 3 months;
rent reasonable.
OAK. 900. comer Pierce— 3 sunny, lovely house-
keeping rootrs; all conveniences.
O'FARRELL. 324 — Newly furnished room*. 1.
2 or 3; Just opened ;. very reasonable.
O'FARRELL 778. bet. Hyde and Larkln— 2
unfurn!ih«U r^oms for housekeeping; $18.
O'FARRELL, 139*— Nicely furnished sucny
'front housekeeping suit*; $18.
POLK 612 — $14; bedroom, kitchen, gaa atove.
bath": \large front suite, housekeeping; reaj.>
POLK. 634, cor. Eddy — Housekeeping rooma
and others: use ot kitchen It desired; reas.
POLK. 1402— Sunny housekeeping rooms: gas
and bath free; reasonable.
STAFFORD. 223 PowelJ — Furnished rooms for
housekeeping or otherwise; telephone, hath.
SUTTER. 895. - cor. Leavenworth— 2 very da-
airabie front housekeeping room*; reasonable.
SUTTER. 1103 — Large, farniahed rear room:
convenient light housekeeping; $9.
SUTTER. 2170—2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms;
:- housekeeping; bath and phon«;'r«asonahl«.
• MKDICAL — -Continued.
L'K. l'OJEN resides LI^j Folsom et., corner
Ctth: ladies, rcllar or no fee: $10. ¦
DR. an<J MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
crizinal method of treatment. 1123 Market.
kYOU can cbtaln relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON. 205 Kearny st.
>l ISCKLLAX tOQVf — KOR - li.K.
EOILERS. engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH fc WOLPMAN. 103-137 Fremont st.
STANDARD oil rig. iully equipped, and 1500
feet of ca»lr.g. US, In. to 7% In.; also 1500
feet cf S and 6 Inch drive ripe. Apply for
i particulars GAFFEY £ MAHON. &0& Cali-
fornia st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT ~~~~
P.enair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coaling; good over oid
iron, tla cr ehir.gies: b*st for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market's!.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps.
pulleys, shafiinv. 'etc., etc., bocght. sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papera.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress paints. $2 50. Orig-
inal Mlsflt Clothing Parlorsj 2oS Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sella cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, (haftlng pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear at.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
stilts to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, waives and Jewelry for sale on
rmali weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' fall.dress rental parlors.
| moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St..
upstair*.
1 PAINT your old and new metal, and shingle
roofs with Aibestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel Main 1428.
ALTERATION aale— Beat $2 50 hats. $1 30.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes - at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dia-
monds bought: send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office. 617 Washington ut.
DIAMOND ring over 3H karats without blem-
i«h. $300: value *"C0; no dealers. Address
owner, box 774. Call.
MUSCOVY ducks, bantams and eggs for hatch-
ing; Anxora rabbits. 2763 Howard st.
CHICKS. 10c each. 3903 Twenty-third at., cor.
Nee. or Inquire at grocery.
COLLIE puppies, full pedigree; ten weeks old.
3440 Clay at.; phone West 406.
FOR sale — Elegant 60-Iight elrctrlc bath cab-
inet; reasonable. Electric Work*. 227 Ellis.
, FOR tale — Phonograph; cost $120; make an
offer. Box 176. Call office.
FOR sale — A flne St. Bernard dog; registered.
Box 102. Call offlce. .
TKXTS for rent or sale. ROS3 McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO..35 Mkt.TeI.Bush 853.
PIGEONS — AH the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, offlce 220 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KINO'S, 61 McAllister St., nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupl,
moved to 7SC Mission st.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55: 60-inch desk. $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. S16 Market St.
ROUND camping tents for aale; cheap: some
new; lfix!6. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413. •
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds, and watches;
*asy pa>aents. GARIN. SCO Hayward bldg.
SAFES and rash regtst-rs. new and second-
hsn.i. I. FREEMA.V, 1329 Market «t.
SOME good secondhand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck &. Co.. 122 Mkt.
S.*FE3 — New and> second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
MOVING pictures, marie lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain*. BuIIard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand- E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market «t.
OAPOI.INE engines. auto»--bl1*s and launches;
all sites. J. E. POAK. 46 Fremcnt St.
MISCELLANEOUS WAVTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, aealsklns. dia-
mond* gents' full dress suits etc; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN' BROS.. 23
Stockton it.
WANTED— Electric automobile in first-class
condition. Address, with description and
lowest price, box 671, Call offlce.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castoff clothing; postal. 913 Folaom.
HIGHEST price paid for.castoff clothing. TeL
Davis 823; €50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S31. ¦
DESKS bought, cold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
EHOES wanted; misfit * castoff; highest prcs.:
n»w *¦ 2iJ-h«n<5 «>»«¦>•• for «ale.' 749 Ml*«tnn.
3IONEV TO LOAH.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-e03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no cisappolntmenta.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate*, aecond mortgages, undivided Inter-
eata; assignments of renta; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See" HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
INTEREST C^ AND 6 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN* AND COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estate* In probate, undi-
vided interest* In real estate, property in
trust; loans cloved promptly.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
107-S-9-11 CROCKER BUILDING.
POST AND MARKET STREETS.
" WILL LOAN ~
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3rd
Mcrtgase, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full carticulars
of property or chattel*.
Location, etc.
Box 408, Call offlce.
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages.
estates In probate, undivided Interest In
estates, assignment! of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of Interest
. RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
SALARY LOANS— ~ ~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 4S3 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates- strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. «8 Donohoo bldg.. 1170 Market at.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin -Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton; phone Buah 43i.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses without
security; »asy payments: targe business In
48 principal cities. Tolman, C53 farrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
. at. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per menth;
absolute privacy. Phone Buah 454. •
AT lowe*t rate* on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commission; installmenta accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
- no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery *t.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low tntereat; gold, silver.
, diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth *C
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming ioans money - to
salaried employes. R. 811, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland offlce, 1103 H Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICB. 103 Grant ave..
L0AN3 FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy methods— To wage earner* on un In-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Lean
Company, rooms 43-49 Chronicle bid**.
TO* salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other, security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Pbelan bldg.
ALL lean* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 6. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 539 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 10G3 Mutual
bavins* Bank building. 708 Markat at. ; '
ROOMS FOR HOrSEKEEPIXC—-Co».
TATLOR. 504. corner near Geary — l-rcom suit,
nicely furnished. hou.«ekeeping : all ru-s.'i-
rooms; also single rooms, cheap.
TATLOR. 911— Suite furnished: gaa rana.*;
$12 SO; 2 attic, gas range. $9; 1 room $7.50.
TURK. 803 — Nicely furnished alcove suite and
kitchen; running water, gas. bath and phcae.
TWENTY-THIRD. 37^«. near Dolores — 1 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
VA.. NESS ave., 706 — Front basement *uite oC
\ 3 rooms, coma'.ets for tutusekeeptng. Jii
3 ROOMS, furnished for housekeeping: centra!;^
sunny; $13. Box CSt. Call.
A BRANCH offlce of Th* Call for the receptl^a
ef advertisements and subscriptions has fccea
cpened at 1008 Market St.. opposite V*ifi_.
Ov*n until XI p. m.
APABTarcjrT aorart,
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
1CS4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COIt. LARKTN 3T.
Beautifully light and sunny; u-3-4 rooms *nd
bath each: all unfurnished; $2? SO to $4O.
Make reservations now.
ET.CECILE. 113 Fell.abov- Van Ness av». — Th«
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments. with private baths,
steam heat, electric light. elevator, gas ranges;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 fO. $50. $55.
ET. LOUIS. 1573 Jackson at — Modern J-*-*
rooms: furn. or unfum. : refs. Tel. East l.t.1->
ATAXTXEST9 WAITCEO.
4-T.OOM apartment wanted, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. Address box l&i.
Call office.
APARTMENT house of 4 rooms wanted In de-
sirable locality; furnished. Box 617. Call.
FURNISHED apartment of 3 rooms wanted:
state rent Bex 719. Call offlce.
WANTED — 3-room apartment, unfurnished.
Box 139. Call offlce. »
WANTED — An apartment of 3 furnished room*
for housekecpioz. Box 153. Call office.
ROOMS TO LHT— Fnro. ««« Cnfara.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 113 Sixth at— Room*
23c to $1 per night. $1 -j to $3 per week aal
light housekeeping rooms: opea al! night.
AT 'The Almonte." £73 Market st. {or No. I
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 23c. ftUc. $1. $1 So nignt:
$1 5i> to $10 week: house open all ntght.
AVERY. 29. oft O«ary. near Flllmore — Bunny
parlor In new flat. $9.
BURNETT. XtiS Market (old No. 1384) — Fur-
nished rooas. suite, single; also unfuraiingd.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furn!shed aunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EIGHTH. 10*i — Large front room; also bed-
room and kitchen.
ELLIS. 120— Avandell: furnished veomi; goodi
location; reasonable; week or month. A.
MARTY.
ELLI3. 322, Palmetto — Housekeeping and
rooms single or en suite; ba:l-3.
ELLI3. 605A — Nicely furnished front parlor
.rrom, very reasonable: private farairy.
ELIZABETH. 624, near Caatro — 3 sunny fur-
nished rooms, bath, coal and gas atove.
FOLSOM. 824— Sunny rooms; gas and bath.
GEARY. 441 — Furnished rooms to let^
GilAVD Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
i u, $1 23 night; $1 50 to $8 wk. : re idrng-rooin.
GRXNT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished front rooms,
suitable for two; $2 to $3 £O week.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 743 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nlihed suites and single rooms. |
HOWARD. 1971— Two large light rooms; newly
furnished: private family; rent reasonable.
JEU3IE. 383, East U. S. Mint— Furnished
room. $3 per month: large one. 2 beds. $8.
KEARXY. 213— Furnished rooms by the day.
week or month; reasonable rate*.
LAGUNA. 915 near McAllister — 4 larg*. sunny
bay - »lndow ' ran. : bth.. lndry. Irg. yd.. $3X
LARKIN. 804 — Large sunny rooms; lar! per-
sons: $9 and $3. •
MASON, 1527 — To let: a -nice sonny room. wltJa
or without bath; references required.
McALLISTEH, SO— Sunny bay-window front
room; well furnished; gas. water, central;
also similar adjoining room.
MISSION. 25<E! — One or two furnished rooms la
private 'family.
O'FARRELL 132O. near Buchanan — One large,
newly furnished room, suitable for two: hot
and cold water, bath; private family; %9 per
month.
POST. 888. near Hyde — Larg« furnished front
room: bath: gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
ROYAL House. 12* Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room smok'.ng-room aad ladies' par-
lor- rooms per night. 35c to $1 60; week, n
to $S; month. $3 to $3O: elevator on groun-l
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
SEVENTH. 191— Call: nice sunny housekeep-
ing rooms. _
SIXTH. 11*— Saratoga: fura^hed room*, slagla
or en suite; reasonable.
SIXTH. 132 (Nevada) — Furnished rooms; day.
week or month: call and see us.
SIXTH 136 — Furnished rooms: location cen-
tral; "charges reasonable; cars pass door.
ST. THOMAS. 930 Market st.. opposite Em-
porium; elegantly furnished rooms and
suites; prices ' reasonable.
THE ST. KATHRTK, NE. cor. Leavenwcrt**
and ZUis — Sunniest rooms In the city; new
botel; Just furnished fresh and cl**n: Hair
mattress«s in every room; also hot aad co; i
water, baths, etc.; strain beat throucbou:;
elevator service and every modern coaveal-
ence; rooms from $3 per week op.
THE FALMOUTH. 1043A Market st.— Sunny
rooms: hot and cold water; elevator: $2 to $7.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — »0O
room*. 35c to $1 night, $1 73 to $« ween; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevalor.read.-room: fr»e bus; bagtra*— .
VAN NESS ave.. 312^ — New furnished front
room for one or two gents: modern: *.*»
rooms for light housekeeptca : private houa^.
VAN NESS 700. cor. Turk— Elegant aunny
•ult: flrst-'clas» table board; all modern coa-
venfences; alao aicgle room.
WHITE place. 3. oft Jones-, bet. Sutter anol
Bush — Furnished rooms, slaglo or en suit*.
WILL rent 3 nicely furnished rooms, wtta>
dinner use of bath and laundry, for $30 potf
month. Cat! at 122!> Webster at.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d at., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: TOO rooms;
Uo to $1 50 night: $2 to $3 week; elevator:
etec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggag*.
WOLF House 202 Sixth st, — Room* from I3«
to $1 per night and from »Oc to $3 per week.
VAN NESS. 800— Desirable aunny room for 21
also single rooms with • board.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* weefred aS
Csll branch offle*. cor. Duncan * Church at*.
ROOMS AAD BOARD.
GEARY, 601. Hotel L'AIglon — Family room*
and board; entirely renovated: reas. price*.
HOWARD. S41A— First-class board and room.
single or double. $3-$8 wk. ; American f ami It.
.WILL board a {tarty of students at $12 pea
month. 600 Harrison at.
VALENCL* 5S9— Furnished rooms, wtth o»
without boanl. MR3. . ARDLE.
ROOMS A.VD BOARD ¦ WASTED.
TOUNO man want* board, room and ba»ls
• within easy distance of Market and Ninth
sts.: etve location. <Brice*. eta., at oace.
Box 403, Call offlce.
MAN and wife would life* room and boaM In
a small boarding- house or a nlo". quiet fam-
ily; sunny, well- furnished "rooms desired.
with flrst-cUaai table. Boa 37«*. Call offlc*.
TOUNO man desire* room and board (2 meals >
In private family where there I* *octaMHty;
please state terms and convenieneaa. Box
723. CalL '
BOARD and room wanted by starts gw»Ue-
naa. Box Cft. Call office. '
SUITE " of rooma and boanl wanted by mm
and wife and little gtrL Box 177. Call offlCT.
SINGLE- room with .board desired for tadyj
reference* exchanged. Box 70Q; Call office.
WANTED— A amall furnished room for a sin-
gle lady: prtvat* family. Apply 387 Bryant
SPKC1AL .XOT1CK3.
Ladies! Chlch*«trr's English Peaiijiujal Pin*
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. £*v-i «•
stamps for particular*, "R#ll«f for Ladle* '
in lettir by return mail. Ask ytror drasxst.
Chlchester Chemlgal Co.. Phita<lelpMa. I**.
Continued on Page Fourteen,
nEAI. ESTATE CITY—FOR ' SALE.
BALDWIN Si HOWELL.
25 Post Street
Real Estate Agenta and Auctioneers.
Rents Collected. Loans Negotiated.
City Agents for. Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
Publishers of the "Buyer and Seller." a
monthly paper devoted to the Interest of real
estate owners and these Intending to Invest.
Contains a full list of property for sale. Free
on application.
$6,000^ — Callfornia-at residence, containing 10
rooms and bath; lot 22:(ixS7:9.
$5,300 — Lotta st; new shingled 2-story house,
7 rooms, bath; breakfasr-room, 2 toilets;
tplendid view; lot 25x101; mortgage
f -300 can remain; house rents for $45
per month.
$2,375— Lombard-st. boulevard, near FHlmcre
*t; Jot 27:0x05; hous- of 2 tenements
tit 4 rooms each; rents $21 per month.
$50,WX) — Prominent business corner on best por-
tion of Devlsadero st.; new Improve-
ments; stores and fiats above, all rented;
no saloon; Income $4218 per annum; pays
7 per cent net; large lot, 63x110.
$2,C00— Rents $20; 2 flats at 4 and 5 rooms;
In good repair; Marrell place, near Hyde
and Pacific.
97,500 — Rents $65; Sacramento st; 2 new flat*
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each.
$1,800 — Rents $17 per month; 2 flats of 8 rooms
each; near Pacific and Larkln, on Mc-
Cormack at
$3,750— Harrison at. near 7th; 8-*tory build-
ing of 14 rooma; rear house of 2 rooms;
rents $38.
$4, BOO — Baker at. near Sacramento; cottag* of
7 rooms and bath: lot 25:6x102:6.
$2,600 — Leavenworth at., near Jackson; 2-story
house, 6 rooms; very cheap.
$7,200 — Sacramento st, north line; 2 new
• flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents
$65 per month; lot 25x127:8^4.
$8.600— Carl at; lot 25x137:6; 2 flats of 0
and 6 rooms and bath each; also base-
ment stable and carriage-house; rents
$55 per month.
$19,WX) — Harrl*on-st. corner, fronting en 8. P.
R. R.. with spur track; large lot with
2-story frame building used as a ware-
house; property of this class Is hard
to obtain.
CHEAPEST and Choicest Home
- Building Lots
On official grade In Sunset District
Sewered and macadamized.
Between H and I sts..
In blocks fronting Golden Gate Park.
Electric cars pass these properties.
Bold on your own terms and
Monthly Installments.
See these buildings and Judge for yourself.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Port st
Branch offlce — Corner H st and 7th ava.
Open every day. Including Sundays.
MADISON 9t BURKE,
30 Montgomery street
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY MAT St. 1904
At 12 o'clock, noon.
COR. MONTGOMERY AVE. AND BROAD-
WAY.
Modern 4-atory and basement building contain-
ing 3 stores, 3 floors above of 30 rooms; large
concrete basement; rental $343 per month.
TAYLOR-STREET CORNER.
617-517H Taylor at., bet Post and Geary: old
Improvements; renting $65 per month; loca-
tion in demand, for modern building.
FACTORY OR WAREHOUSE SITE.
Stevenson at, bet 9th and 10th; has frontage
of 75 feet and runs to Jessie at., on which It
fronts 00 feet.
LARGE MAHKET-ST. LOT.
South side Market st.. 75 feet weat of 12th: 73
feet front on Market at by depth of 165 feet
through to Stevenson at; property with
crand future.
DEVISADERO-ST. BUSIKESa
1810-1814 Devisadero st.. bet. Bush and Pine;
new building of store and flats; annual rental
$16S0; lot 30xS2:S; also lot adjoining. 30x32:6.
FLATS. COR. POST AND STEINER ETS.
N.E. cor. Post and Steiner ats.; 6 new up-to-
date flats; sun In every room; facing Hamil-
ton Park.
BUSINESS CORNER.
N.W. cor. Montgomery ave. and Lombard St.;
store and house. 10 rooms above; full base-
ment extending under sidewalk.
MONTGOMERY AVE. AND TAYLOR ET.
Three substantial modern fiats, 2303 Taylor et..
running back to Montgomery ave.; rent $504
per annum; concrete basement extending un-
der sidewalk.
MISSION AND FIFTEENTH STS.
19C2-0 Mission st. and 1611 15th st: surround-
ing corner; old improvements; fine location ,
for etore and fiats.
VALENCIA ST.. NEAR SIXTEENTH.
413 Valencia st., bet 15th and 10th; lot 32x100
to rear atreet; old Improvements.
Terms at sale. For catalogue and partlc-
ulars apply to MADISON A BURKE.
SO Montgomery at
$1 23 PER week: no Interest; lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
lnc to do: ready, to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery at, room 5.
$12.CC0 — NOT yet completed; rents $1320 per
year: 3 marine-view flats; S. line Green at.,
1864-66-68 Green at. E. Laguna; every room
la and will be sunny; evecy possible latest
Improvement Apply at the premises from
2 to. 5; lot 23x137 :«.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON. 623 Crossley bid*.. 2:30 to 3
p. m. dally.
ENAP — Coxy sunny cottage. 5 rooms, bath and
laundry; latest improvements; north side
O'Farrell at.; $4000 only. Inquire 1308 De-
vlaadero, between 10 and 12 a. m.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of
buildings and part lot Manhattan Savings
Bank. 107-8-9-II Crocker building.
$3000 — NEW modern cottage. S rooma and
bath. nr. 16th and. Dolores stsv; Mission
warm belt; easy terms. 3310 Mission st
$7500—3 NEW 9-room residence* on Fell st,
west of Flllmore.
$1900— COTTAGE. 4 rooms; lot 50x110; on Har-
rlaon at ; a unap. Mission Realty Co.. 2 29th.
FINE cor.. 75x80. nr. Market st. ; 6 blocks
west City Hall. Room 217 Parrott building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 838 Howard st
REAL ESTATE— -Country-— For Sale.
6227 ACRES. Merced River. Merced County.
CaL. appraised by court at $71,000. aaaeaaed
by County Assessor at $40,000. offered for
- ?W>,000; 1 to 4 years' time. 6 per cent; 900
acres level grain, fruit «nd alfalfa land: 4327
acres rolling, grazing and grain land; Mer-
ced River passes through land; 900 acres can
be Irrigated, water free: no royalties; lm- i
provements good; school one mile, church
and town three miles; on direct road to Yo-
seraite; must be told to close estate; a bar-
gain: the profits from these lands made the
. former owner rich; flne rains, everything
green and growing now. See maps and pho-
tos at Punnett Bros.'. San Francisco. Address
J. W. KNOX. Attorney-at-Law, Merced. Cal. |
$2100. OR half $1200— For sale. 126 acres on
the Llagas. with the crop estimated at 10 ;
tons grapea. 10 or 12 ton* hay; i acre* corn.
2 acres vegetables and alfalfa; 2 houaes and I
.outbuildings; 2 horses, cow; road wagon;
Ideal Incubator; 2 brooders? lots of wood,
water and flfthtng. For particular* address
W, SHELVOCK, Llagas, Santa Clara Co.. Cat
GREAT bargain — Rich, irrigated farms: big
canal: frte water right; very cheap; easy
terms; homea*ek»r > * opportunity. C M.
WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market at
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent tree. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market st .¦¦¦ .' ¦ ~
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated lands, dairy
farms,' stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mines. , S. C TRAYNER. 604 Kearny.
rOIVT RICHMOND IlEAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT at Stege. on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lots
50x200 at $1RO; orchard of 15 acres and ,
buildings $400 per acre; monthly payments;
. .send for maps." etc Halght 401 Cal. at.. S. 7.
FOUR choice" lot* cheap 'for cash. Apply 323
.Bush at,. third floor, room 4. ; '
I /"".Ml y^ASTCP M Al.K Cnntlnnefl.
'. COOK cr.d wlfr. country hotel, ?70, ece eak-
] plover here this mornlrig; fry cook, $14 week;
cook for 3 m»-t. $jo a.nd found: baker, coun-
j try tfcop. $12 u-eik and found; hotel wallers,
I SZO end found: porter and houseman, $>0 arvl
j i<.ur.d: rl»-vat-r boy. $30: dishwashers. f&<
ar.d fot;nd; and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. C'S Sacramento at. . *
MARRIED rr.lacr to take charge and board
men: :; men about place. $a3 and $20 and
inunil; 3 men are! wives for ranches aDd
private families, *;£>. *30 sn.l $40 and found;
farmer*, ?3o menth anJ $1 50 day: mllksrs, |
f:rt ar.d XiS: 3 b'acksmlths, $5 day and *- |
ar.d $2 M day ar.d beard; 2 blacksmith's
helper*. $2 SO Jay and $30 menth and board; j
teaiaatfrs, $30 and beard; oM man to care
for place; butchers for country. 910 and
beard. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
c:ento at.
FIRST-CLASS tailors and barters; piece or
week work. S. 2_, WOOD, 4D Geary st.
¦WANTED — A day cashier. 23 Stockton et-
MTANTED — Three first-class carriage black-
croithn acd three first-clofs bcily mak*rx;
good wAgr»» atid steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. MEISTER 4 SONS CO.,
Pacramento, Cal.
TRT our men's eh'cv union made, at $1 and
$1 SO psir: fort-form shoes at $2 50; xve pay
• express or mail charges. 11 34 St.. Exam. bid.
Ptnaicn Atty.. E. A. Biillia. r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Port. G. A. R.
FIXE S-rhalr barber rhop: doir.g good busi-
ness; centrally located. Bex 9X".. Call office.
EAILORS and ordinary seamen fcr all parts of
the wcrld at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart St.
¦VTINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near" mTt^
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night ; readlng-rcoms;
free 'bus and baggaxe to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 100S Market at., opposite Fifth.
Ortn ustll 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call branch ofnce.cor.Purk-an and Church sta.
ALL sizes men's rhoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SCI Mission St.. bet. 1st ar.d 2d ata.
GET your rhoes half-soled while waiting; 25e
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD AVAGOXS.
LOOK cut for the big auctlo- sale of 165 head
cf choice young horses and mares on Tuesday,
May 31. at 11 o'clock, at J. B. Horan's sale-
yard*, comer Tenth and Bryant sts. S.
"WATKINS, Auctioneer.
FOR sale — Pacing mare. $175; 7 year* old, very
fast: gentle In every respect; aafe for wo-
man to drive: will go double. For partlcu-
lars address box 860. Call.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horsea. wag-
ons aurreys. buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
s«*sion begins June 6. Catalog's by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
. County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S. F.
TEN fine camping wagons, aurreys and rubber-
tire buggies; new and old; cheap. 15O4 Fol-
som st.
LARGE bay team, for any work. $75: good ex-
press wagon: double harness. 2728 Bryant.
FOR sale — Two second-hand platform spring
wagons and oae truck. 233 Beale at.
FOR rale— 5-vear-old bay mare; cheap. 1S43
Howard st.
EECOND-HAND cainpirg wagon. S43 Howard
atreet.
¦WANTED— To buy a light b»giry In good run-
ning order. Box 37C9. Call office.
A SORREL horse for sale; brcke. single. Box
It*. Call office.
BAY mare for a&le; A good stylish driver; gen-
tle; 6 years old. Box 15K>, Call offlce.
FOR sale — A bay horse sound and gentle, 6
yeara old. Bex 603. Call efflce.
HORSE, dark brown, stylish and found, 7
yeara old for sale. Box 705, Call offlce.
WANTED — A eaJdle horse for lady to ride.
Box CS6. Call offlce.
FIRST class 2d hand express wagon with top.
Inquire N. BULLERDIECK. 1«4 Mission.
NEW and stccnd-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1C15 Market at., cpp. Franklin.
LIGHT surrey; good order; cheap. 2955 Sacra-
mento et.
HORSES of all rrades bought, sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. 65 Hermann at.
WAGONETTES, surreya. burgles, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
CHEAPEET and b«rt In America— The Weekly
Call. 1« paxes, sect to any address In the
United States or Canada cne y«»ar for $1.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list ot houses to let; send for dr.
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 2O Montgomery.
COZY residence. 101S Poat. Larkin, Polk; 11 r..
bath, garden; rear en.; cars pass; call 12 to 1
HOUSES WASTED.
RESPONSIBLE party wishes to take charge of
residence while owner la away. 911 Bush gt.
IWESTMEVTS.
GOOD Investment — A limited numfcer of shares
at 25c per share; this stock will be worth
one dollar <$!) per share witcin a year; call
cr write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crossley building. S. F.
I^LXJVCXES TOM CM.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and buainesa; tel.Buah 534.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co..Unlon-at. wharf; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 S-.tua.rt st. : tel. John 26S8.
LOST A.VD FOli.\a.
LOST — A lady's open-faced gold watch; mono-
gram P. S. 8. on back; fleur de Hs pin.
Finder will receive liberal reward by return-
ing to 1221 Buchanan at., near Turk.
LOST— Gold watch at Shell Mound Park-
value as keeneak*. Reward return to 3
Hayward at.. cS Harrison, bet. 7th and 8th.
LOST — Gentleman's watch fob. diamond
buckle: liberal reward. Boom 22, Donohoe
building. ¦
LOST — Wednesday afternoon at Key . route
depot or on way to Berkeley, a lady's gold
watch: old-fashioned case, key winder Re-
turn to MAUVAJS' Mualc Etore. S33 Mar-
ket St., and get reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Socifty ot Ean Francisco In the
name of NELLIE F. COOK; No. 199-1421.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — At the Columbia Theater, Saturday,
two pair of opera classes In hand bag. Lib-
eral reward if returned, 2S!» Sacramento st.
STRAYED— 2 black and white heifers; re-
ward. Feral ta Dairy, Hopkins st.. Berke-
ley. _^
LOST— "Brown water spaniel. If found return
to 204 Dolores St.: reward. : '.'--.
———————
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
JflCE FREE; 17 year** experience In all fe- •
rial* disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market *t.. rooms 7 and 8. ,
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaint* and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; SO years' experience. S2tt Poat tt.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10C6fr Market at. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pill*; bett regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
- only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. '
DIl5o. W. O'DON.VELL— All who ar« sick or
In trouble ccr.*ult this specialist on female
complaints- positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market at.
Dra. Goodwin. 7X3 Turk. nr. Van Nesa— Expert
In obetetricr, female complaints; 'lnsi. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 6: 23 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: - low, fees.
MR8. DR. OWTER. baring secured lease of
premises. Is permanently located I «t . 511A
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
L>DIES* lire jutarl ties cured; 18 years' . ex. ;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny at.
LADIES — Kunwound: *afey sure, never falls;
$2. G)»a«on-nu<glea Drug Co., Kearny <b Clay.
MATERS ITT vifla — Secluded ; confidential.
DR. EMILIA FUNKE. 1416 8th at. AUmeda,
I gHBt.r — Con.
1— ill ttUAX i UEA1>1. G.i *r.J 630 Clay st.
Lcii«i:r.£ OssOerxBeSt i_a!*_r Afftnu.
IjiC tor t«.v* . li)i . i VVt tli i
W.MH.V iUs Work. Increase (W.uuv*. ;
4'fiUNE MAIN S346.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH. KV.I&-:. French.
UClilSAN. GREEK. ITALIAN.
lour Fare Ft««>. Look— Free Fare.
TO sTCATB OF NEVADA.
If you eti.v tour rr.cntris. THAT'S ALL.
C fc. COVKRKMEXT WORK.
25- t»<>-hcr.ic leamntcrs. SCO.
lit! insurer*, jou'il «u;t. »0u.
M dri.ier*. rwikBiMJ. hnn:m«-isrr.en. $75.
Eight hours' wcrk dally, hundreds goiag.
C» header ni«a, $75.
14 la !> re re, zzlx cwrcitt*. $70.
CHEAT LCilCKU TRUST.
2S . . : r: • . :f« ui> tt, ;«u, *«>J.
U ft»«o>t. Ncrwejiaas. k«ur». $S5 found.
18 iabcrers. good Jcb. $43 four.d.
MINES.
13 B;ach!ne drillers. Sio.
18 nntl« stud double hand drivers, $S2 3O.$;s.
TEAMfcTtllJ — LA&oHEltS.
1» laborers, rare 30c. *l*5.
12 draper teamsters, ctty, $«7 io.
I* nng'.t ar.U double band dri21ers.city,$«7 60
15 e<-rjc#r teanttera. fare 13<-. $57 SO.
24 ranch teamsters, everywhere. *30. $10 fd.
MILK ERS— CHOREMEN.
«s rr.::kers. butter and cheese makers, $30
to $40 found.
2« chcr*m»n and bcy«. $30, %li focad.
it *h«-p herder*, fare- $1 .V. $50 found.
<1-.!cken ican. ship ergs, fare $1 23, $3O fd.
Gtrttwr. lumber company, boes here. $40
CONVEYANCE DRIVERS. CITY.
23 men. you can drive a rig. $00.
Conveyance drivers— That* ycu. $1 fe*.
IN CALIFORNIA— 8 HOURS.
1* laborers, irr* fare $©>
*l FEE— STEADY JOB— $1 FEE.
< 'IT Y— STABLEMEN— COUNTRY.
S* lmetliT* and good all-roand hands. $78.
JCP. $5o. $40. iZi and found, good Job* fer
rready men.
COMMERCIAL SYNDICATE.
tS men. r.o fcwvwlec'r* ne<?essary. $60.
F»* $1— Nothir.g Mere— $1 Fee.
CALIFORNIA'*" HARVEST.
196 hay ar.d harvest hands. $1 50 to $2 50 fd.
ALL OVER THE STATE.
GOOD VINEYARD FARM HANDS.
54 ar-Tod steady pla-es. S2ts. $;5O. t32 60 and fd.
GET A PERMANENT JOB NOW.
MARRIED.
Farmer and W.fs, fare $1 75, bess b^re. $40
und found.
Farmer and wife. fsr« $S. Monterey, $45 fd.
TRADESMEN.
72 carpenters, fare i c. $'. ZS* day.
Kcremac carpenter, fare $1. $4 day.
2 ..••-« city. $2 50 per M.
< sash ---l door haeds. lumber company, $3
to K 5u cay.
Rlacksrr.ith. lumber c«.. boes here, $60 found.
' « blacksmiths, different places. $3, $3 50 day
Foreman mclder. Iron worker. $4 to $5 day.
2 ralrrer*. raperhangers. city. $3 day.
T*.n«r.!th. factory, fare 10c, $3 day.
C carnage painters. $12 to $15 week.
BOILERMAKERS.
19 »••'»-::¦ *A»rs. $3 HO to $4 day.
Tim* and half cvertirae. free fare, steady Job.
Weavers on bankets.
Machir.ist roller grinder, fare *We.
Edgerman. L. Co.. bo«s here. $50 found.
2 birrk loaders, country-. 25c M.
Fcrew turners, edjrerman. hock tenders.
logger, understands rtggtis*;, L. Co., $60 fi.
12 *h:r.gle packer*, cutoff sawyer.
Molder and *-.ick»r hand.
<'arrtare painter and sticker hand. $4 day.
Whetlwrigist. 50c fare. «teady Job. $50 fd.
Painter, carriaare works, fare $1. $50 fd.
Wbee'.wfrtjjht. wheel machine, far* fl. $3.
12 coopers', slack work, call very early.
5 comic* meo. edrerTnTi. $45 fd.
Fcrew turner,' $75: furnace laborer, $40 fd.
I>nch fcar-d. p'.aniny mill, fare fL $3 day.
WOODCHOPPERS.
106 cheepers, everywhere in the State.
Ixurger, Doibeer kngirw donkey, $75 found.
HOTELS.
15 butchers. d:!Terer.t places, $50 to $40 fd.
16 corks, different slicff. $60 to $35 fd.
12 waiters. diSerest places. $40 to $3O fd.
16 di*fc«-ash«rs, dlSerer.t places. Job $30 to
f20 fd.
Second cock. 513. 3 bell bora.
LAUNDRY.
16 lauTKiryTEen, good place*, different Jibs,
ftf), ?75.
Vegetable carder.er. $30 and found.
BAKERS.
3 third hands 2 k.-t.-! hands. 3 helpers.
t-*t I/laces at MURRAY * READY,
Hurhest maaree. £34-€36 Clay st.
TALL ttla tnar. ~~~
V»-ry s^ort lat man.
To walk the streets la advertising coetnrae.
MURRAY & READY. 634-€34 Clay st.
Ul'XDRVMAX. Institution, city. $30 f-jund-
A carpenter and blacksmith, ranch, $45 fd.
O'rnta pcrter and bartender, city saloon.
<"o:k. Lake Oteccty hotel, $35 and found.
5 eroweut sawyers. Sonoma County. $10 fd.
BOOKKEEPER AND BUTCHER.
EEE BOSS HERE.
To run branch shop, country, see boes here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FARMER and wife. Ala. Co.. fare «0c. $50 fd.
3 boiler maker*' helpers, free fare, ISc to
23c hour ar.d foand-
<^arp#nter, Alameda County. $3 day.
Ed«ernian. lumber co., fare S3. $75 found.
Better, lumber co.. fare $3. $€S and found.
Tinner, city Job. $3 day.
Pcultryman for large rineyard. $30 found.
If teamsters, city Jcb«, $2 day.
4 laborers, lumber cc., fare $3, $35 found.
Ycurg man. butcher *hop. 10c fare. $10 wk.
MURRAY *. READY. 634-C36 CUy «t.
FREE FARE.
Cf> laborers, you'll suit.
Foren.an. sawmill, north. $40 and found.
Plumber, city Job. $4 day.
Turner, factory, fare l'Jc. $3 day.
2 edgn-men, sawmill co.. fare $1 50. $45 fd.
Cak« baker, fare $1 CO. $50 and found.
Short order lunch counter cook. $40 found.
5 Italian laVirers factory, near city, (2 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
PORTER bartender. German preferred $30 to
$40 fcund.
Head donkeyman fcr woods. 175 found.
Carpetter. plain work, fare 30c. $29 found.
3 carpenters. $3 50 to $3 day fcund, rouga
work, country.
<"arj*nter and blackstnith ranch. S. M. Co.,
$t5 found.
Cre-Mcutter for log* fawmi'l co., $45 fd.
BUTCHER— BOSS HERE.
Bookkeeper, butcher, all round man. $45 fd.
Laundryuiaa. institution $30 found.
4 young men. nursery. $26 found.
'-¦- ft t.— * good mine, manager here.
2 handy men. mine, all round men, $3 da>.
4 sh*<pherd«»rs. far* $1 B0. $30 found.
• "borersan Coluaa Co.. $35 found.
F»n=er and wife, cook S men. ranch $50 fd.
MURItAT it READY. 634-C38 day st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. En:ploym»nt Agents.
429 Bush rt., <A2 Clay et.
:«) tunnel-men. California and Nevada.
$2 M, (2 75; 100 teamstrrs and laborers. Call-
forr.la and Nevada, $2, $2 25; woodsmen,
farmers, milker*, haymakera, ehorenjen,
••¦ • ~ ¦ r.. $30, $C5; can to work la coalyard,
»:' week.
liead waiter. $50; fry cock, $55.
Toung niffkt watchmaa. run elevator, see
party ;¦--«. J." ; camp waiter, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agents,
429 Bush st.. 642 Clay st-
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY. — —
95 Third st. Telephone Main 5521.
Porter, hotel, near city, J25 and found.
.'---¦¦.ry-.sr.. country hctel. $40 and found.
Laborers. 12. 8 hours, fare 10c.
Laborers, north. $2 25; a year'* work.
Laborers, and teamsters. $2. free far*.
Laborers fcr Quarry. $2. fare $1 C3.
laborers for pipe liae. i south. $2 25.
Oood plumber. $3 50. fare 6Oc.
Ranch banda, north. $1 &0 and found.
Otb:r.*t-mekers and bench htnis. $3 SO.
Flicker hand. $4. a steady Jcb.
Mm to cut 4-foot pine. $1 60 enrd.
¦Woodchcpper*. shingle bolta. $1 SO cord.
Tearc*ten and laborers. Nevada. $2 25 and 12.
HORD £ SMITH.
A^ AMERicAN"EMPLOYMENT" BUREAU.
fA3 Commercial St.. near Kearny.
A»rl»tant lanStcr for targe offlce. ateady po-
»!tion call to-day, Oerman preferred: 2 rar-
r»nt*r* aad do tocw calklr.g. company work.
Here U B— Free far* — Fee $1—10 laborers,
you'll *u'.t. 8 hours, $2.
A MAX and wife for ranch, $60; man acd wife
hoarding house. $50. Apply to MRS. NOR-
TON. ZIS Sutter at. .-
CLDSRLT man fcr ranch; board and small
';cmj*naatlon. Box 1200, Call.
f-ALKrMKN wasted to eell nursery stock;
'aih tdvanced wetkly: write lanrcedUtely for
•»rrtt:/rr before It Is all assigned. CHICO
NURgCRT CO.. CtelCT. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to kac*
tfcat Ed Rclktn. Reno Hocse proprletcr. has
ca«i»<S 100 new rooms to the Denver Hour*.
217 Third et. ; 250 rocrcs; Se f 50c per night.
O^'VFRNMENT poritions— Call at 825 Golden
Owe ave., rccra 7. for free Information as
to r-w-tiGrm. aalarfea. age limit*, etc: day
>.r r\ tnirr».
YOVXO man to l^arn baiber trade: wages
_J^hn» l*grc!r.r. 741 A Howard rt.
EArLOns ard yocrig nren 'grren bandaV for
_.._ th< r»_. HALLBF.RT. S17 Jarkacn rt.
A PROFITABLE otitlr*-: rick hop* In Anguat.
Write E. CLEMENS UORST CO.. 122 Bat-
etry »t.. S. F.
EOUciTOR ar.d aa!»«man at ence. Mutual
_ Icveataent Co.. 4C7 Parrott b!dx-
l^HTrn at 20 Taylor tt. ¦ ¦
Ger=an. r.eady. refa.. handy; tend bar
_J^5__ fc _ oa ** : wrrted preferred. Box 938 CalL
HARfiJcn aicp fer **.}« en account cf other
w»ite*a. Appjy 18S3 Jdlsston st.
OBTAINED FROM AN
INVESTMENT
XO\EY TO LOAX — Contlwni-it.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages.
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
• Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
lti per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING, 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people .on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Neubert. new $250. now $60.
Fischer, new $325. now $85.
Hertz, new $300, now $67.
Ragsell new $3S5, now $135.
Colby new $423. now $180. i
2 Chickerings, uew $4.'»0, now $100, $133.
2 Steinway*, new $575. $750; now $1S3. $323.
Heine, new $575. now $333.
and SO otherr. Several squares at bargain
prices. Call au<i examine them. Rents $2 up.
Installments $4 ur- Old pianos cr organs taken
in txchanc?- Tuning -52, finest workmanship.
HEINE PIANO CO..
233-237 Geary st. Oakland, 1232 Broadway.
A NICE small upricht: good order $10
One a little better, for practice '. ...$S0
One Kranlch & Bach, condition flne $100
One Btlmont: mahogany case; a snap. ..$147
One Little Jewel; used three months $150
One Sterling:; walnut case; good order.. $153
On« Mathushek; fine order; rosewood.. $105
Also cne Chlckfring. 2 Vose. 2 Steinways, 2
Etecks, 1 Knabe; all In first-class condition;
easy pay's. BenJ. Curtaz & Son, lti O'Farrell.
A SENSATIONAL flre — Storage pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned If not sold in a few days; thl*
means storage planes and furniture almost
cheaper than flre wood, and musj be re-
moved. Whltehead's Storage, 1C38 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month: the largest
and bc«t stock In San Francisco to nelect
from; pianos from $3i) upward: our line the
beat, our prices the lowest. . SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5B0-64 . Hayes st.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$23; uprights. $100 up; organs. $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 30a Post st.
WILL sell for storage, flne Hazeltm and Xn^
pianos. STATHAll'S, 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at.
A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright grand. *as
gcod as new; cheap. Hornnng. 218 McAllister.
$165— STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 18 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Steinway up: Cfclckering baby grand:
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe's. 2.S5 O'Farrell.
OFFICES A.VD STORKS TO LET.
FOLSOM, 935 — Large, light, airy store; 3
rooms and yard; will give lease. _^^
• osals.
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A wrinkled
face poritively restored to Its former contour;
Flmpie, harmless, aclentlflc method shown on,
the living face; permanency guaranteed. Call
or write for book. "Hints on Beauty," free.
M. ELLA HARRIS. 781 OTarrell at.
A NEW METHOD — Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER.
C37 Bush St.. apt. 300; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
acd Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept bo substitute. Star Remedy Co., 13*8 Polk
Cancerous lumps, sores,' Impure blood <a(fectlng
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
•'VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness drains, varlcocele,
etc.; easily worn; $2 &0 postpaid; physicians
recom. ; them. Dr.Bumard Co.. 140 Geary.S.F.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell at.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market at..
; between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & mole* removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 F0.
Mlsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
KEUHAUS A CO. (Inc.). tallora. C29 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 But-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 3S.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wiga;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Ita natural color: $1. at all druggists'.
PALMISTRY.
A — MITE. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 4CO Geary St.; phone Green 89.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor at., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
• torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
FBYSJC1A5S A.VD SIHGEO\».
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence^
1021 % Market at., bet. Bth and 7th; partlcu-
¦ lar attention paid to dlaeases of women.
BLOOD, akin and rectal dlaeasea a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market at.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 6<J7 Geary at., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and t»a. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — Alt dls-
eaaes cured by Chinese herb*. 746-3 Clay st.
SKWIXG MACHINES . AXD SUPPLIES.
YOU want to rent a sewing machine? Why
not , «ret the best at $2 per month from The
White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post at. All
etyle* in either vibrator or rotary shuttle
styles; prompt eervlce. Telephone Black 1108.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family uae; beat
la cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic offlce. 1021 Market »C. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly. used: $10. $13, {20; second-
hand. $3. $5. $8: all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co. 1061 Market st.
STORAGI3 AMP WAREHOUSE*.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; atorage,
packing, ahipplng warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; offlce 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard at., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell ats. ; tel. Prtv. Ex. B7L
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 120.
GOLDEN 'West Storage: advances made. 840
' Mission at.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zebfnss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Ftllmore'st.; phone Jackson 1 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main IS 10. Shipping at cut rates.
-,. ¦PKCIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISE8 in EAR3
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment, free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 SuttT at..
. DIVIDEND NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings - Bank
building. 708 Market at, opposite Third—
'.For the half yea.- ending 31st of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
- rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital- stock' and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD'. Manager. HUGH CRAIQ. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 8, 5 per cent. -now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 406 Mont-
goraery St.. room 6. J. HOWARD BARNARD, j
LEGAL ADVERTISBM£STI.
NOTICE— Offlce of' Insurance Commissioner,
Ean Francisco." Cal./ May 11, 1604 — Having
ascertained ' that . the capital stock of the
¦ Union Surety and Guaranty Company - has
become Impaired, and that said company has
become Insolvent within the true Intent and
meaning of the Insurance laws of the State
* of California, > I have this day ' revoked Its
' certificate of authority, previously granted.
as ' provided " In section 600 ¦ of the Political
Code, and notice is hereby given that said
company Is no longer authorized to transact
' the business of Insurance within this State.
K. MYRON WOLF,' Insurance Commissioner.X MINER ; HELD UP.— R. S. ' Potter, . a miner.
,wae held up and robbed at 1' o'clock yesterday
morning at D»vltadero and. Oak streets.- Two
of the thlevea held revolvers while the third re
ilaveU Potter of $W. : . ¦ ."
INSANE CHINAMAN.— Lee Juck, an inean* ,
Chinaman.' was taken last night to the . Cen- '
tral Emergency Hospital ; by-. Detectlve_ Mclla
hon and will, be 'deported 'as »oona8 tbe form
alities can be arranged. Juck killed another
Chinaman* tn 1682 and was fcentenced-to San
Quentln. ' I^eter he became, inaane and ' was
transferred to the Agnews Asylum, from which
Governor. Pardee ordered him released in order '
that be mlcht be deported. - - ¦ . '
REDDING,. May 30.— Clarence Dria
coll was' riot one of "the;: bandits -who
held up^the south-bound Southern* Pa
cific passenger train ", at / Copley Vand
killed Messenger vDriscoll,
whom the detectives have all alone be
lieved was the fourth man connected
with that affair, has proved. a complete
alibi. The ' officers are now
that he , could ; not possibly have ' had *a
Jband in the hold-up . • , .
Drlscoll Pi'oves Complete Alibi.
' SHEEP— Iterelpta,- 17.000. Sheep and lambs:
weak to' 10c lower.- -Good: to choice:. Western.
#5 25fi5 75: r fair to ¦> cholne mixed. > ?4 75<&5 25: I
Western cheep. > $5 I5ft."i 75: native lambs, $3 75 I
fiCti5: spring Iambs. $5 5O@3 t'0. . '
CHICAGO. May 30.— CATTI^E — Heceipts,
10.C00. l3@2Cic higher. Good 'U 1 prime steers,
*5 2!tfi5 00; poor to medium. $T SOieA 0O : stock
»>rs l and feeders ' $2 504i -1 05; cows. $3 '15(n i 25;
hoiferi*. i i'-l 2T>0?4 23: \ canners, $1 <X)<Q'2 50; bulls,
$2fi'.T .*iO; «;alv»-s, $" 2~>f|ti; Texas fed steers,
$3 Trf)«M €0.
HOGF— Receipts to- d a v. 37.000. R«10o higher.
Mixed and butchers. . $4 67 Vifit 80; good • to
choice heavy.- $4 6Pffl4 82 U; rough heavy, »4 50<i?
4(53; light, $t ,"i5«l 70; hulk of sales. *4 53<g>
.4 7.-.:. ¦•••.•_-- ¦ ¦ - "•¦ ¦ - - ¦
Livestock Market.
SiSJBUaB>>MSMBSBOMHM|HBH
CHICAGO.
While driving . a ' light runabout near
Hply,^Cross Cemetery \ yesterday after
noon,> J. G.^ Scully of Colma -and a
woman , companion, were: thrown out
and . sustained » painful injuries. - 'After
running,'; to , Colraa, ; . the horse .was
stopped .without' doing : further damage.
Scully, suffered *a . dislocation of- the
arm ; and the . young ; . woman severe
bruises on. the head. ,.: k •
Runaway Near Colnia.
REDDING, May 30.— The city of
Eureka in Ilumboldt, County is to be
supplied with electric power, and lights
from a plant to "be installed •' imme
diately at Junction City, Trinity Coun-;
ty. The company that is to', do it is
called the North . Mountain V, Power
Company. John'M. Vance and Wil
liam Carson, prominent /citizens"; of
Kureka, are among the principal di
rectors. The distance by pole line
from the proposed power plant in
Trinity County to Eureka is sixty-five
miles. . •
Ijarce Plant for tin; Transmission of
Power to Be Constructed in
Trinity County.
EURKKA WILL GI/KAM
j AVITH ELKC7T 1UO LIG HTS
Do.tst pfd. 68% Do pfd.. : 0.5H
1 Do 2d pfd :S.1U I' S Steel !)>*
Illinois Central... \Xi Do pfd.. N»U i
if^ouls & Nash 110 Wnbash 16
Ho, Kan &; Tex.. 1««; Do pfd 34 ]',
Bar. rllver — Dull: 259A?1 per. ounce. i
Money— 'i^df-i' per cent: ; <
The. rate of discount "In the open market for i
fchort ' fctll3 fe : 2fi2 1-16 per cent and for three,
months' bills 24T2 1-16 per cent. i
Dons for money.. 90U jl'ow York Cen.. .117*4
Tons for acct... 00 7-1 6 Norfolk & West.. 56 £
Anaconda ........ 33; Do pfd ......... S9
Hchlson 70% I Jtntarlo A.Weel.. 22%
* Do ' pfd 05 j Pennsylvrfnta .". . • SSIj
Halt A Ohio...... SUTVltand Minf« 10},
r«nsidian Pac....l2<»' 8 Kflading 21 h,
ihcs & Ohio ::i . i»o 1st pfd..... say,
TM Great West.. ¦ 1.'. ! Do 2d pfd.v... 31
|)e Beers..:..'. ...1ft?» Southern Unil«ay. 20T»
Denver & Rio G. 20V. Do pfd 8-Vi
Do pfd..'. «S*~j Couthcrn raclfic. 46'"<
l!ric 23*i .'Union Pacific....' 8fiu
LONDON* CLOSING STOCKS,
COMMERCIAL NEWS
REDDING, May 30.— John H. Riddell,
an old. miner, who for seven years had
developed a claim of his own known as
the Riddell mine, three miles above
French Gulch, met death some time
Friday .while he was at work alone in
the tunncF he was dlggins. Rtddell's
body was not found- until yesterday
morning:, .when I£ D. y Morse, a neigh
boring miner, missinR" Riddell, insti
tuted : a search and discovered his re
mains beneath a -mass of earth and
rock on the tunnl floor. Riddell always
worked, alone. Friday \ind Saturday
Morse went to visit him . and he was
absent. Yesterday -morning when he
again found Riddell absent ;he~ made a
search and found his body ; buried be'
neath: tons of earth that ¦ had'. caved in
on him in his tunnel. His only relative
is an aged mother living in .Wisconsin.
Aged Searcher for Precious Metal
Meets Death by Cave-In of
Tunnel.
MINER'S BOD\ FOUND
UND EU A MASS OF ROCK
<120th Mrridian— Pacific Time.) j
SAN FRANCISCO. May 30-5 p. m. j
The following: arc tlie seasonal rainfalls to
date. «s compared with those of came date last
season, and rainfall in !ast twenty- four hours:
Last This Last I
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 63.70 SI. 19
Red Tlluff 0.00 31.15 24.21
Sacramento 0.00 Ifi.Sfi 16.fi2
Han Kra.nci6CO O.<x> 20.59 18. 2S
Kre*no 0.00 0.04 R.50
Independence O.oo 2.69 . 2.34
San Luis Ohispo... ... 0.C0 16.99 IS. 49
Los Angfles 0.00 7.72 19.29
San Diego 0.00 4.40. 11.76
THE COAST RECORD.
Ill i ft if 5| If- I
STATIONS. J 1|1| ?f I.7.I.HP
¦ . i 5 I •: : P
• • •. ? '.•¦'.
Bak"?r 29. M 66 44 NW Rain JW '
Carsrn 23.84 6S 44 Wk. 1't.OIdy .0O I
Kurika 30.02 60 Si RW Pt.Cldy .00 !
Fresno 29.30 W, .VJ NW Clear .00 '
S.U. Farallon.r.U.W 5S at TV Pt.Cidy .00 :
Flac*t«ff ?>.6C 72 37 SW Clear .0<>!
Pocatello 2*J.7« 76 56 W Cloudy '.01 •
Independence .29.78 80 56 W Clear .00
Los Anpel*s..C0.9j; 72 60 SW Clear .00
Mt T£:nalpa!K.."0^0 .16 42 W Clear .00
North rieau...JT 08 58 4S SW Ht.Cldy .00
Phoen!x 23.6* »8 56 SW Pt.'"Idy .00
'Pt Reyes Lt...M».Of> BS 51 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 29. SS CO 50 N Cloudy .00
Rci Bluff 29. SS 70 M SE Pt.Cldy .00
Rosfcburg ....29.SS 76 4S N Pt.Cldy .00
Facramento ..29.02 70 R2 SW Clear .10
Fait I^ake....2J».7O 74 56 RH <"Ioudy (X)
San Franciseo.30.01 O 54 W Clear .00
Fan Ja. Oblspo.30.00' fiJ 44 W Clear 00
San Dle«;o....29.»» 60 54 SW Clear .00
Seattle 29.»»2 60 44 W Clear .00'
Spokane 29.7S 72 54 S Cloudy .00 :
Tatoouh 30.02 M 46 SW Cloudj' .00 '
Walla-Walla.. 29. 82 70 til S Cloudy .00 i
Winnemucca .29.7*— 72 42 NW Clear 00 J
Yuma ....29.6S 96 64^ W , Clear .00 |
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL j
FORECAST. I
Generally cloudy »'eath»r prevails over the!
Pacific elope. Lipht showers and • thunder- '
Ktormo are reported from the Rocky Mountain '
region. / ' - • , ''
The 'pressure has fallen, over Arizona, and
remained nearly stationary In other districts.
i Tue temperature ha» fallt-n over Eastern
' Oregon and Idaho. In other sections the
changes have been silent. ''-4BZBSt>£9*G£Z i
The following high winds are reported: Mo- f
drna, 28 mllea per hour, from the southwest, >
and Flagstaff, . 30, southwest. j
Forecast made at San Frandaco for thirty !
hours ending midnight. May 31 : <
Northern California — Partly cloudy along tlje •
coast, fair In the Interior Tuesday; fresh west
erly wind. " ¦
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; light
¦Westerly wind. ¦ -
Nevada— Fair ¦ Tuesday. .'.':'
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Tuesday; fresh westerly " wind.
G. II. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
charge of the vessel when she struck.
The Hibernian is now deemed a| total
loss.
Friends of Wrecked Ship's Corn*
mander Believe He Has Slain
Himself.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., May 30.— Chief
Officer Gallacher of the Allan line
steamer Hibernian, wrecked off Cod
Roy. has disappeared and it is feared
he has committed suicide. He was in
CHIEF OFViCEIt OF JA3ST
STEAMER 3IISSIN V G
SAN JOSE. May 30.— Angelo Tolo
niei was arrested at Gilroy to-day for
robbing the Catholic church at that
place last Fridiiy night. His booty
consisted of the 'poor box, which was
wrenched loose from its fastenings and
carried away. Just how much cash
the box contained is not known. The
box is opened onfy once in six months,
the last time it was emptied being
about four months ago. Suspicion
pointed to Tolomei, who had been
loitering' about the town. He was lo
cated on a near by ranch and a piece
of the box was found in his pocket.
Tolomei was brought to the County
Jail to-day to answer' a charge of bur
glary. ¦ . . ; ,.:v-;:u .
Contributions.
Anjrclo Tolomrl Must Answer Char»o
of Burjlary for Carrylns Away
STEALS THE POOR BOX
FROM GILROY CHURCH
Sixth race, mile and 50 yards — Handmore
won. lloasmond second, Binehello third. Time,
Third race, five furlongs — Intense won. Maa;
fcle Mat-key second, Uixello third. Time,
l:ft?Vi.
Fourth race. Decoration Day handicap, mile
and a sixteenth — Reservation won, Fonscluca
second. Harangue third. Tlm«. 1 :5rt.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Pemdrason won,
Panamanian second. The Thrall third. . Time,
1:04.
Second race, one mile — Outcome won, Var
corn second. White Plume third. Time. l:45V-i.
CINCINNATI, May 30.— Latonla nummary:
First race, • six furlong*— Quli II won. Van
Ness second. Raohel Ward thlnti Time, 1:16.
I.atonia Track Results.
Weatha Report.
Second race — Willowdene, Happy
Chappy, Varietir*. .
"Third race— l k otente, Malay, Gaa-
Iigfiter. '
Fonrtli race — Footlights' Favorite,
Mattie H. Atlas.
Fifth race— Joe Kellcy, Kdith May,
Franco.
Sixth race — Kroo<iler. Iras, Dawson.
First race— liaronet, Jerry Hunt,
L.ndy Matchless.
DEI^IAR TRACK ENTRIES.
Sixth race, mil" and an eighth, selllns —
Little Tommy Tucker 110. Dawaon 110, Wall
107. Broodier 107. Iras 105. MIsb Eon 101,
Hncena 1(«), Cliickasha 100. Sister Lillian 96.
I W?ath«r cloudy: tr?.ck hf.a^.
Fourth race, five furlong:* — Mattic H 112.
Footlights Favorite 112. Sadie Bur<??> 111,
Short Cake 112. Raffia 112. Edna Daniels 112.
Folles Bergeres 112. Radium 112. Atlas 112.
Pllsrlm Girl 112. Overhand 112, Pink Marsn
112.
Fifth race, five furloncs. selling— Joe Kelly
10S, Garrett Wilson 102, Alectha l<>0, Tele
phone Be!!<" IfO, Franco 101, Tommy O'Hara
SS. Edith May O."..
ST. LOUIS. May 30.— The eniri?s for to
morrow's races at T»c!mar track are:
Flrrt race, ml!*- and 20 y«rd!<— Jerry Hunt
10S. HansboroucU ;¦:«. Maud W«llace \W,
Moroni 106. l.nly Matchless 103, Baronet 1G3,
Jlngler Itw, Dnady Bender l*r£. Little Giant
102. Escanaba fw. Atconquin PS.
Second race, nine slxte^nth* of a mile."•maid
ens—Happy Chappy 112. Col White 11. D«
Vlnce 112. W|Hi-tv<J»r« > I'*'. Pt. Jnvan ll*.
Nlbcrad 108, inRammau'.a 105, Varieties 103.
Third race, ml!«" and 2i> .va.r«li<, telling—
Memphian 110. Potent* 1W. Branch II 10S,
Ciales 10S. Gas Llshtsr 107, Malay 106,
Pyrrho 10T5. Tickful 103. First One 101. Lou
B<ach «7, Flrbane ST..
DELM AS TRACK ENTRIES.
SEVENTH RACE— Ssven furlongs: three
yeir-olds and up: purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. m, Fla.
3 to 2— Martins. 01 ( Jenkins) :*. 2 1 11
0 to 2— Conundrum, 100 (Watson). 2 lh 24
0 to 1— Ralph Young. IH (Plunket) « 6 "1
Time, 1:39'^. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. P. J.^ Miles* vh. c. C3) by Cayusa-
Memoria. Tom Gllmore 104. Irby Bennett 100,
Floral Wreath 37, nwished as namsd.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up: DUrse:
Butting. Uorse. Weight. Juckey. St. *i Fin.
3 to 5— Neverweh, 103 (Stoval),. ..". 2 4 in
7 to 1— Net Regent. 100 (Y/ilains> 2 1 nk 2 S
9 to 2— B. McCarthy. 109 (Austin) I 4 1 .". 10
Time 2:01«i. Start good. Won drlviosr.
Winner. J. K. Hughes' ch. g. (4) by Mirthful-
Clymcna. Kara 101 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-o'.ds
and up; rurse:( •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. fi Fin.
3 to H— Harmaki*, 02 (Rice) S 1 JO 1 50
5 to 2— K. Ellsworth. 97 (Wallace) 2 23 :',j
6 to 2 — Barkley, 92 (I* Wilson)... 13 3
Time. ltS#. Start good. Won at will. . Win
ner, C'Neall & KgH.n'» ch. c. (3) by Albert-
Montvale. Three starters.
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
Memorial handicap; $2140 to winner:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to £>— Schwalbe. 107 (W.Knapp). 4 14 14
5 to 1— Mordella. Si (Perkins) 7 25 23
G to 1— Malster. 108 (Scully) 6 4^31
Time. 1:15 H. Start fair. .Won easily. Win
ner. B. Schrelber's blk. m. (5) by Saln-Grat
itude. Blissful 102, Dave Sommers 95. Hlle«
112, Dolly Gray 104, Cloverton 08, finished as
named.
Time. l:01?4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. A. Chinn & Co.'s br. f. (2) by
St. George-Lynnette. Wakeful 100, Trlumph
trcss 10O, A I>ady 105, Jardln de Paris 105,
finished as ncmed.
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse: .
Betting. Home, Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
0 to 1 — My Eleanor, HH> <McMuIn) 2 2 nk 1 n
7 to 1— Passive, 100 (Foley) ...1 3 1 2 3
3 to 2 — Limerick, 100 (D.Austin). 3- 5 2 3 4
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; four-year
olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
4 tn 1— Suaye, 114 (Dale) 7 11414
4 to 1— Sharp Bird. 110 (Scully).-, o 33 2 V£
* to 1— Lady Idrls. 100 (Plunket). 1 23 33
Time, 1:24V4. i Start good. Won easily.
Winner. T7 A. Davis & Co.'s br. m. (7) by
Xabor-Lady Abbess. Rejoice 107. Chemist 104.
Diano Fonso 107, Tenny Belle 104. Thisbe 100,
finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, May 30.— Schwalbe, Bar
ney Schrelber's good mare, won the Me
morial handicap, worth $2140 to the
winner, at'Dehnar to-day from an ex
cellent field. Schwalbe apparently won
easily, but Mordella had miserable rac
ing luck and closed from seventh to
second position within a few yards''
running after he got straight. The ring
was badly trimmed all through the
day. Rain fell during the races and
the track was muddy. Ten thousand
people saw. the races. Twenty-eight
books handled the money. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; three-year
olds; purse:
Betting. . Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Matt Wadlelgh.105 (Wlsn) 1 1 . nk 1 nk
5 to 1— Yellmantown,103 (McMuln) 4 2 5 2 8
7 to 1— Haj>. Hoollga/]. 100 (Plnkt) 3 3 3 8 3
Time. 1:10. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. W. Kirwln's b. e. (3) by St. Augustine-
Ray. Harry B. Hawes 105. Sweet Note 10f>,
Brick Fowler 108, Dale 1C5. TBurrows 102.
Rodrigo 108, finished as named.
By the New York Telegraph.
First Race — De llcszkc, AVaswift,
Julin M.
Second race — Wayward Liass, Rose
of Danti, Itod-Fox.
Tliinl race — Drake entry, 'Gold
Saint, Collector tlessnp.
Fourth race— Hcrrnfo, Africander,
Jlaslstrate.
Fifth Riice — Nlblack, Suzanne Roc
aniiini, Khorasan. ' . ,
Sixth Race — City Bank, Reliable,
Hurst Park.
GRAVESEXD SKIiKCTIONS.
GRAVKSKXD EXTKILIS. V •
NEW YORK. May 30.— Tho entries for to
morrow's race? at Gravev-nd ere:
First ra<-f, about sfx furlont*. three-year
olds, selling— Pol Rogers 1<X>. Athel 100. Knob
hampton 05. Gold Dome 0.1. Missing Link 0. r >,
Wrefleld 105. Castallan ICZ. Aistarlta 106,
Ascension 1OH." King Pepper J>S, J«ek Ratlin
OR. Southampton 00. Julia M Jx>. Dirk Bernard
97. Gamey 101 Schoharla 101. De. Reszke 101,
J>icM«*?kln (Hi. Palette S3, Waswlft 111.
Second- racp, five furlong.*, maiden two-year
old*; — Wayward Lass 109. Diamond Flush 100.
Antimony 101), Ktamesha 103. La Bell* Gatlen
ICO, Razilllt-a 100, Sachem 109. Princess Kris
109. Red -Fox HJ3. Wild Folly 10U. Nora Light
109, Southern Cross 109. Sehulamlte 100, Rose,
or Dawn 109, Salt and Pepper 10»,- Queen'
Rose 109.
Third race, - about six • furlongs, three-year
olds — Auditor , 110. Major Pelham 110, Collector
Jesgup 110. OH W>lle 8 110. John F 105, South
ampton 105, Flammula 103, Vr. Chapln • 105,'
Gold Saint 114, Missing Link 100, Conceit 100,
Gold Dome 105, Rapid Water 110. ._
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, the
Parkway handicap, three-year-olds and up —
Magistrate 103. Mizzen 110. Rosetlnt. 02.. Him
self St2. Tim Payne f>2. South Trimble lOo, Rt\l
Knight 100. Slave OS, Africander 125, Dainty
09. Major Dalngerfleld 116, Damon 07, Highball
ltt>. Hermls 1».
Fifth rac?, five furlongs, two-year-olds —
Mistress ot Rolls 91. Dansewe 117, Khorasan
f<7. Priority 07. Rubric 07, Royal Legend 1*4,
Hawtrey 107. Niblick 109. Clover Hampton iltt,
Sandy Andy »9. HrUKh Up 104, Limerick 102.
Suzanne Rocamora i>'). V'assac Girl 105, Roly
Pnty 01, Fireball 102. L<
Klxlh race, one mile and . seventy yards,
handicap, thrte-ycar-olds and up — Reliable 12tf.
Hurst Park 120. City Bin'.t 10S. Carbuncle 112,
Audience 102, Gold Faint 06. Arabo ©2, Buck
ley a 100 4 Agnes D »;s. lllyrla S8. Llttlo Em
104, ToBcan 104, Buttons lOrt, Palmbearer 09.
Weather clear; track fast.
SEVENTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
mll»s, belling, tliree-year-olds and uuward.
B»ttlng. Horye. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
1 to 2— GoBetween 05 (Hlldrbr) 7 3 2 12
B to 1— Ct Maid, 101 (E Walsh), a 1 .1 2 4
60 ti. 1— ThCrickct. W (D.O'Cnn) 12 2 3 1-
Time 1 :4K 1-5. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner T. ICerr's b. g. by Meddler- Indigo. Tre
pan. Sir Roche. The Rhymer. Kir Carter, Tcn
egra. Ben Cotta, The Rival, Spsmtsh Lassie,
finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs purse, maiden
two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
S to l-,Aglle, 1X2 (Hclge«»n)... I 1 :i 12
5 to 1 — Trapper. 112 <Lyne) 2 4 4 2 »i
6 to 1— Gllpln 112 (O'Neill).... S SI 3 n
Time 1:01 4-.V Ftart fair. Won driving. Win
ner B. S. Brown'* b. c. by Fir Dlxon-AIpena.
Golden Sunrise. Portsmouth Hot Shot; Humo,
Fruit. Handy Bill. Bill Bailey 11. Small Lady,
Maggie Strcup, Agent. Mephlsto. finished a»
named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth milc».
Belling, throe-year-olds end upward.
Betting. Horse. Wright. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2 — SherlfT Retl. lit) (Shaw) S 1 h 1 «
2 to 1— Ch El wood. 10T lO'Ncl) 12 12 «i
100 to 1— AfWiefierfehn. S4 (Olnj) 5 :t 2 3 n
Time 1 :4«. Start poor. Won easily. Wln
nrr M. L. Hayroan's b. c. by Ornament— Ix>u-
Iim?. Witchcraft. Cornelia, All Gold Wlla
Pirate. Briarthorpe. Silver Days, Paget, fin
ished a3 named.
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs. The Hud
son Stakes. $«000. two-year-olds.
B*ttins. Hor?'.. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— Gloriner. 125 (Gannon).. 2 2 .". 1 1
1" to S — Diamond ll.'i fLyne)... I 11 2 3
25 to I — Veto. 112 (Odom) 4 4 8 3 ;!
. Time 1:00 3-5. TStart bad Won driving Win
ner L. V. Bell's ch. c. by Hastings-Glory.
Right Royal, Jake Sanders, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles,
handicap, three-year-olds and upward.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. "i Fin.
S to 5— DkofKendall. 99 (HPhil) 2 1-S 12
8 to 5 — A Williams. 10(5 rRdfrn) 4 4 >4 2 7
7 to 2— Ld liadRe. 107 (Fuller).. .". 2 .':" ;; n
Time 1:53 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winnr r, E. R. Thomas' b. c. by Sir Mudred-
Duehe?s\of Kendall. Colonsay Brigand, Gold
Money finished as named.
SECOND RACE— About two and a half
mileE. the Empire State Steeplechase handicap
for four-year-olds and upward. - *
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
4 to 5— Caller, 162 (Donahue)... 4 11 17
IS to 6 — Ld o" Clover. 163 (Veltc) 6 4 h 2 5
6 to 1— T Rd Cftvlr. 146 (Gallon 12 2 I! 12
Time 4:53. Start good. Won handily. Win
tier J. E. Wldener's b. «r. by Tammany-Cale
donla. Tom Cosan. Flying: Buttress, Ad
jidaumo, Gascar, Captlvator, Emigrant, fin
ished as named.
NEW .YORK, May 30.— It needed only
fair* weather for a- record-breaking
crowd to gather to-day within the
Graresend racecourse. Never before in
iy> history has there been such an at
tendance. Long before the second race
it was found necessary to let the over
flow from the field stand cross the
course to the infield. All along the
rails spectators were twenty deep from
the head of the stretch to the finishing
point. Forty thousand persons were
present. As for scenes in the betting
ring, they, beggared description. Men
fought to reach the bookmakers, and
many gave up the struggle in despair.
The most important flat race was the
Hudson stakes,* for two-year-olds. L.
V. Bell's Glorifler, with a penalty which
brought his weight up' to 125 pounds,
won. Diamond, an added starter, car
ried 115. Right Royal 115, Veto 112 and
Jake Sanders 115. In spite of this con
cession Glorifier was the logical odds
on favorite. j
At the start, which was 'not a good
one. Diamond burst away with a lead
of a length and a half on the favorite.
Diamond hugged the rail, while Glori
fler lost ground on the stretch turn,
but Gannon rode hard and closed the
gap steadily. In' the last sixteenth it
seemed certain Bell's colt would win,
and he did after a hard ride in the fast
time of l;00 5*3. Summary:
FIRST RACE— About si* furlong?, handi
cap, all ajjes.
Betting:. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *< Fin.
11 to JO— Reliable. 140 (Shaw) 11112
6 to 1— James V. 102 tTraverc). 4 2 3 Il'j
12 to 1— Rosetint 114 (Fuller). .. 5 8 1 3 n
Time 1:10 1-5. Start fair. Won handily.
.Winner, J. J. Ryan's b. c. by Watercress-
Arnette. Montresson. Iridlus Divination MaT-
Joram. Sweet Alice finished as named.
First race — >H.«s Jni'dan, Pcdcsia,
Spa V0.VS13P. i
Second race — Snowdrift, Itacatiara.,
Ccyloii.
TIi In I rnrc — Moharib, Katie Pow
ers. FiTiralightcrV
Fourth race— Biackwolf, Niaxus,
Mamsclle.
Fifth race — Xannfn Hodge, Ameri
cano, John A. S«-ott. "¦'¦¦'
Sixth race— Sllvcrskln, R. Li. John
son, GIcp??ian. i
HAWTHORNE SKLKCT1ONS.
II.WVTIIORXK ENTRIES.
CIIICAdO, May SO.— The entries for the
ra< ; es ct Hawth'jrnp track to-morrow ure:
First race, four and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds — Sea Voyage 108, Annie Alcne
115, Miss Jordan 115. Oernova 115, Pedcsla
115. «C*Tnova- and 1'edeMa. DiirnHl entry.)
Second race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — Miss Brandon 125. Snowdrift 12"J,
Handvlce 14^. C*ykin 142. Itacatfara 162, Mar
tin Brady 13K. Poorlands 159. Boney Boy 1(57.
(Pocrlands and Brady. Corrljran entry.)
Third race, one mile — Katie Powers 91,
Major David 8. Rose 1)1. Moharib 9«. . Raln
lwid OS, Lurallk'hter 102, Glassful 104. Bond
age 107. Drag? 111.
Fourth race, on* mile and seventy yards,
selling— Do<!ile 85. Mohave 8«, Plautus SS.
1'aLklnn.l 91. lioMen Mineral 92, Blackwoir
!>.", Fnncnsttt 9fl. Edward Hal* 9fl, .Terry I^ynch
9«. Mamselle i>7. Nlaxus 97, Lou Woods Uti.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Dusky 95. Nannie
Hedge !>5, Raincoat 07, Governor Lafollette
100. Clifton Geortr' 100, Pobrouck 107, Cal
cutta 109. Ireno Llndssy 110, John A. Scott
112. Scotch Plaid 112. Mlndora 112, Americano
112.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds--M!<lnif:ht -Minstrel 110. Gleeman
110. Silversktn 114. Double 114. "R. L. John
fcton 118, Chlcapo Lad 118.
Weather cloudy; truck muddy.
6IXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Miss Inez, 115 (Lawrnce) 2 43 14
3 to 1— The Mist. 108 (Powell);.. 7 SI 2h
15 to 1— Tramotor. 105 (Larsen).. 6 21 3 2
Time, 1 :Ct. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. H. F.lllson'H blk. f. <2> by Pirate of
Ponzano«-Lady Ine;. Michael Hyrres 11.1.
Broadway Uir! 108, Maslc 111. The Trifier 103.
Mart Gentry 105, finished as uamed. *
FIFTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds
and UDward; selling: .
Bettinp. Horse. Welprht. Jockej". St. % T*in.
>\ to f> — (jlorioda 10R <Lar3en) »> 3 2 11
7 to I— Louisville. 93 (Aubuchont. 2 5 2 2.T.i
to 1— Klrtn King. K'2 (Lawrnce) 5 11 3 3
Time. 1:45 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. II. T. -Grifan'n ch. f. (4) by HastlnRS-
Glory. Ernlxre 105, Mez2ol99, Montanlc 113,
Love'n Labor 100, Cornwall 107. finished V as
named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs;- three-year
olds and up; Flight stakes.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Burl»lgh.95 (Aubuchon) 4 18 15
4 to 1— Skilful. 115 (Lai sen).. 2 3 1 ' 2 2ft
11 to 10— Syl. Talbot,105 (Mntln) 3 2 3 3 3
Time, 1:16. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, S. C. HMdreth's ch. jr., 3. by Ben Strome-
Barca Rola. Sad Sam 109, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Two miles; three-year-olds
anJ upward; Prairie stakes:
Bet tin*. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
!> to :»<>— Potheen, 10» (Aubuchon) 1 14 1 3«£
4 to 1— Rankln, 97 (Nlcol) 2 3 28 •
Jlto 2— L. Crawford,04 (Grenfid) 3 2h 3
' Time. 3:44. Start rood. V/oii in a canter.
Winner. S. C. HlldretVs b. h. (5) by Patton-
Dlana. Three starters.
SECOND RACE— One mile; four-year-olds
and up; selling ¦
Bettlrg. Hor3e, Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
7 to 10— Censor. lWJ <Aubuchon) 1 12 13
S to 1 — Albany Girl, 04 (Harrle) 5 2 4 2 3
11 to 2 — North AVind.108 (Kelly) 3 4 8 3 5.' ] /4
Time, 1:45 4-5. .Start good. Won easily.
Winner, S. C. Hildreths ch. h., 6, by Her
mer.ce-Verunlca. Marshalsea 10?. Peeper t><3.
Dr. Inland 101, finished as named.
CHICAGO, May 30.— Cold, threaten
ing weather and a muddy track kept
the attendance at Hawthorne to-day
below the average for a holiday. Two
stakes on the card were attractive.
The Flight stakes, at six furlongs, was
practically ruined by scratches, while
the Prairie stakes, two miles, had only
a -'small field of starters. Out of the
ten original entries only four faced the
barrier in the Flight stakes, which de
veloped a dangerous Derby candidate
in S. C. Hildreth's Burleigh, which was
second choice in the betting at 2 to 1.
He made u show of his field, winning
by five lengths, pulled up, from C. R.
Ellison's Skilful, at .4 to 1. Barney
Sqhreiber's Sylvia Talbot, favorite at
•11 to 20, finished a distant third. ,
Potheen, the 9 to 10 favorite, won the
Prairie stakes without being pressed.
Three favorites won. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds; purse..
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 3— Tokalon, 102 (Feicht)... 4 2 6 11
12 to 1— Forehand, 112 ifcheehan) 8 7 1 2 b
12. to 1— L. Wadsworth,112 (Lrsn) 3 Bh 34
Time, 1 :09 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
¦Winner, J. W. Fuller's 'b. f. by Tammany-
Enid. Clltton For«re 107, Great Eastern 112.
Alllsta 107, Gens Handlan 107, Miss Crawford
107, llnlshed as named. *•
Bell Colt Is Given
a Good Ride by
Gannon.
Barney Schreiber's
Schwalbe Wins
at St. Louis.
S. HILDRETH'S BURLEIGH
SHOWS DERBY
QUALITY.
GLORIFIER STANDS A HARD DRIVE
AND TAKES HUDSON STAKES CLEVERLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MAY 31, 1901.
14
THE WEEKLY CALL, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS*
I
mm CARTERS.
, Positively cured try these
' little Pills.
They also reUere Distress from
. tndigestioa and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
, bet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongus
Pain in the Side, TORPID LTVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small phO Small Dose.
8mall Price.
'RAILWAY TRAVELb I
11 LIJVflTEO TOTHicACO
I LEAVES DAILY
I at 9:3O a. «., thronyh la 3 days.
I with dlser aad all trappiar*.
Other Santa Vm Tralasj
n-"o^*S'l t0T Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld.
8:0Op!m.J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :C0 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TICKET orriCES— €41 Market St. aaA
Perry Depot, O. T. Also 1X12 Broad-
war. Oakland. CaOL 37 Sonta Tlxst St,
Saa Joae. \ - - -
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FEAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAXLVAT COMPAJSTT.
Tlburon rtxry. 7oot ot Uu»«t Street.
SAN 7SAZTOZSCO TO SAW EAPAE1.
WEEK DAYS — ":30. 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.;
¦- 13:35, *.>:30. 3:40, 5:10, 5:S0, 6:SU and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:30 p. n>.
SUNDAYS — 7:UO. t»:0«>. 0::«. ll:0O a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40, 5:10. C:3(T. ll:3O p. m.
3AK RAFAEL TO SA» FBAWCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:f5. «:3O. 7:35, 7:00. 9:2O.
11:13. a. m.; 12:0o, n::uO. 3:4i>, 5:O0i 5:2u,
6:2G p. in. SaturUays— Extra trip at 1:45
p. ns. ,
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. ra.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 3:00, 5:20. U:25, 7;5O p. ra. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave | In Effect I Arrive
Saa Fran. I May 1. V*H. f San *ran.
Week I Sun- I . Destlna- | Sun- ~) Week
Daye. 1 days. | tlon. j days^ | Lays.
7=30 «| 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a| 8:40a »:40a
I R:«0a »:30a| Urscio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
! 2:3OP 2:30 p. 6:oOp b:2O p
5:l«p| 6:10 p B:2U p 7:35 p
I i — 7:25 p
I I 8:15 p|
t 7:3l»a 7:30 a 7:45 at 7:43 a
I 8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:1*0 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Pctaluma 6:20 p «:20p
5:10 p 2:30\p and 7:35 p 7:35 p
5:10 p Sajita Roaa. 8:45 p
I 7:3Oaj 7:30 a[ 10I20 a|lu.2O a
»:0«>a 8-.Wiat Fulton. 7:2j r «:»> p
L'3:3Op| 2:30 p| «:43 p[ 7:25 p
Windsor.
I 7:80 a 7:30 a UealdsburK. 10:20 a 10:20 a
; Lytlan,
I 2:C0p 2:30 p Geyserville. . 7:25 p T:25p
I • CluverdaJe.
7 CO al 7 :30 a I Hopland JI0T20 a!loi2O~a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:25 pj 7:25 p
I • I Wiltits. I I
7:5f»a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 pf 7:25 p
8:0O al 8:00 al Cuerneviile and 110:20 a|10:20a.
I g:3Op| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. [ 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:M>a| 8:00 al 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 pf 9:30 af Sonoma, «:00p 8:20 p
. I 6:10p| _Glenj:ilcn. 8:45p|
7:36ai*7:3Oa| - 110:20 a!f6~2o'a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sfbestopol. < 7:23 p| fl:20p
i STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and
Mark \V>st Springs; at Lytton for Lyttoa
Springs; at Geyserville for .Skagg3 Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers, Booneville and'
Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakepc.t and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprints, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley \
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell'a.
eanhedrin Heights. Hullville. OiTs Hot
Springs. Halfway House, Coraptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendccino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Visal; at Wllllta for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. CoveK , Layton-
vllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
I sens, Prer, Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday tu Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Hound-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
_ _ _ . _
ROSS VALLEY,
StK8?l^ VB '' 3 Si3sS' VALLEY,
j^^^^^gj CAZADERO, Etc
i^^^^t^W^Ss' Via pansallto Ferrr.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
1 Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
1 6*30 7*10 7:45. 8:30. 9:15, 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
¦ (11 10 a. ni Sausalito only). 12:20. 1:45. 3:18.
"•06 "4:35. 5:15. 5:30. 6:25. 7:13. 0:00. 10:20.
! 11 35 d m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
it 710 7:43. »:S0. 0:13. 10:00. ll:C0. 11:40
a m 12:20. l:U0. 1:43. 2:30. 3:13. 4:00. 4:Ji
5:15; 5:60. 6:23. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11-33
Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 6:17.
7 00 -T-3S 8:15. 8:43. 9:35. 10:20 11:05 a, m.
i«-03 V2\ bittb 3:35. 4:20. 6:0& 5:40. 6:15.
0~R5 "7-55 10:C5.' 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal' holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43. 2:05.
8 *For P Fa?rfax. week days, depart at 7:43 a. m..
3-15 p. m.. »:15 P- m. (ex. Sit.) On Sundays I
and legal holidays.- at 7:45. 8:30. 0:15 10:00. I
jlfoo n't') a. m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 7:13 |
and 8:15 p. m. % •
THROUGH TRAINS
7-45 a tn.' dally — Cazadero and way stations.
»:15 a. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
3:15 p. m.. daily except Sunday— For Caia-
3.13 p". m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes; etc.
7:15 p. ra. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
8:13 p. m. Sundays only — For Cazadero, etc
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tam alpais Railway
Leave Yia tastatlto Ferry! . Arrive
8an Kiauclsco VM rfM*iHHSt. | San Fran eirco
Week Sun- - , s Z7S m -- buu- Week '
b»?»- <!"."• '/fSffm^. a *y*- _p* t8 -,.
... .... TfrJI BS»5{§JS3 12:45 !•• 8:43*.
...10:00a fcfc^Wittyi? 2:05 f*i 1:03 a
10:00 a 11:00 a 3:3S r 3:35 r
1:45 P 12:20 r vgsgy B:40 r 6:13 1
6:1Sp 1:45 p *N&G?r 6:15 p 10:06 I
........ 4:35 P ,;"^JJr • 8:50 p
* Tit Cnrtty f»r. " Tia»lpaU U Kill Tality.
Tickkt »6i» Mark ft St. (North Shore Railroad)
Offices )aod Saosalito Fkrby. Foot Mtrxet St.
fTtTTERISG AXD STAMMKRHO.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness & Market,
promises cure tf In fair health: hours 1 t» 1.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SPPrUKS.^
AN exxep«onsJ!y good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Kraith FrezaUr. $25: other typewrtters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriting Exchange. 538 California art.
JTfeW good typewrtters at $30 each: ret par-
ticulars cf L. &. M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
comery rt. ____^____—^__^—
SDHAND tjT><*wr!terB eold. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewrtter Inspee. Oo.. 608 Market.
WAREHOUSES.
>X>R SALE OR 1O LJiASE. ,„_,„
Lot and 4 -story warehouse, 45:10xl£f>;
i-hort block from S. P. freight sheds; apply
on prenUsef. 13 Bluxome tt.. bet. 4th aad 5th.
PKOPOSALS.
l i :.i.pf > OS*LS — BIDS WANTliD — Notice Is
hereby given that sealed i^bposals will be
received by the board of directors of the
Veterans' Home of California, at Its office,
toom 13. 2U» Bansome st.. San Francisco,
Chi., up to 11 o'clock a. tn., Saturday. June
« 1901. and opeced immediately thereafter
tn the presence cf bidders, for furnishing
acd delivering quartermaster and cemmis-
f «ri cupr'!e&. etc.. fcr the Veterans' Home.
;.*&£•. County. California (railroad station
Youctville). t. o b. for six montlir. com-
raecclnc July 1. lm*. and ending December
SI. 1SMH. Schedules with Information and in-
Ftructlons tor aubmitUnc; bids will be fur*
niched upon application by the undersigned.
Eldcttrs will carefully follow the conditions
ci the schetfsles. and no bid will be consid-
ered unless It Is in accordance with such
cchedule*. Bids on tea. coffee and sugar
must be made on samples submitted.
llch bidder must accorr.rany Ms bid with a
certifled check upon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to C.
ll&eon Kt&r.e. treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder wiil er.ter into a good and valid
contract epen notice of acceptance, as re-
culred by law. The board reserves the right
to reject try or all bids and to order any
<:uactity over or under the amount of spec-
:aed. Address John F. Sheehan. secretary of
:nr Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Hcme of Cal'forcia, room IS, 320 Sansom*
»'. . £an Francisco, Cal. By order of the
beard of directors. JOHN F. 6HEEHA.N",
6;eretary.
PBOPOSAL6 will be received at the Bureau of
Ftipplies and Accounts. Navy Department.
t\ 'asntngtoti. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. ¦
June 14. 19O4, and publicly opened lnunedi-
afly therrafter, to furnish at the navy
yards, i!are Island, Cal., and Puget Sound.
Waeh., as epecified, a quantity of nut*, rlv-
«tn. cr.rrlcre bolts, washers, brass barrel
bolt?, copper rivet* and nails, locks, spikes,
screws, drills, tsps. hinges, miscellaneous <
h*rdnarc and hand tool*, ath. poplar, spruce,
redwood, eucsr pine, 'cherry, yellow bark ,
¦ '.<•. tnahogsny. Oregon pine, piles, ties,
t-ran and corper rod, sheet copper, sheet
'¦•¦•'.. bar iron end Fteel, steel ulates and
*!iapee, steel billets, corrugated sheet steel.
rails, red lead, white lead, paints, chellac,
glycerin, lye, white glue, condenser tubes,
trass pipe, iron pipe, rteel boiler tubes,
voice tubinc, valves, gauges, pipe fittings,
typewriter paper, wrapping paper, letter
presses. miscellaneous stationer}'. corn >
broom*. f«-ather dusteis. coal, wood. Port-
i»nd cement, tar felt sheathing, enamel
tloth. lViwla* linen, bleached muslin, bath
brick, ripping leather, candles, laundo' soap,
and asbestos millbcard. Dlank proposals
will be furnished upon application to the
niivy jpay offices. Pan Francisco, Cal., and
Seattle. Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS. Pay.
maetrr General. I*. P. N. - 5-U-O«
>.'UTJCK to bidden — Sealed proposals will be
received until June -1. 1V04, at litt o'clock
I :r... by the Council of the City of Eureka
for (SOuu 4^i per cent Forest Park improve-
ment bends; $1CO.COO 4H per cent City Halt
bonds: f 15,000 4 1 .- per cent fire apparatus
purchase bonds, and $35,000 < l a per cent
tewer completion bonds, tissaed by the city
cf Eureka under the act of the Legislature
cf the flute of California of February 25,
1KO1 Statutes 1S01. page 27). They will be In
denomination as follows: Forest Park im-
provement bonds. $125; City Hal! bonds.
S500; fire apparatus purchase bonde, $375.
ted 5'-wer completica l>"n<2s. CS75; said bonds
vill be deled on or tfter July 1, 19W. Prin-
i ;;;.l and interest payable at the office oC
the City Treasurer of the city of Eureka.
Interest payable seml-acnually. one-fortieth
of principal payable annualiy. all in United
States gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check -for 6 ptr cent of
The bid payable to the Mayer of the city of
Eureka, fc-tate of California. The city of
Kureka ccntains a population of 11,000k as-
sesse-d valuation $5,600,000. with present
bonded ir.dcbtednets of $10t>,250. incurred la
1»C2. 3. V. TWNDERLICH. City Clerk.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Corn-
mandant'« office. Navy-Yard. Mar» Island.
Cal.. until 12 o'clock, noon. June 15 l»04.
and publicly open^ii immediately thereafter,
to tcrntsh ejl outside teaming »:xich will be
required at the Navy-Yard. Mare Island.
«"al., Jroni July 1. 1SXJ4. to Jur.o 30. 1305.
Kor infonnation as m requirement* apply at
the offify of the Captain of th* Yard.
EIBTHS-MAfiPJA&ES-DEAM
Birth, marriax* and death notices sent by
mail will cut be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either cf th* publication cffUfs and be
indorsed with the name arid retidence cf p«r-
• -:.> authorlud to tia\e the tVM uubUEhed.
Notice* rertricted simply to the announcement
of the event «r« published once In this column
tree cf charce.
BOKX.
«."ELLIER— In thit, city. May S6. 1004, to the
wife of Alfred t>!ller. a daughter.
MILI^EH — In thifc city. May 29. 1RA4, to the
wife of Elnvr D. Milier. a. daughter.
UEMWCKJD-Iti thlfc city, to the wife of
William WVdcwood. a non.
MAKRIED.
MAUIXJRY— ECHJIAL-TZ— In this city, Msy
. 25. VMA. by JuEtice Van Noetrand, J. W.
Mallory and A. M. SrhmalU. •
DID).
Baclgaiupi. Tl:oma3 Kfily. Morris ''
Bell. William II. Mendelson Elkan
B"->!and. Mm. Bridget Miller. Hrlen G.
'Tf tin. Nathan Roger*. Philip
<"«!•=. Sarah E. Sal«\ Mary A.
• Jollurr.ber. Julia Hander. Rlfhar<t
Coc«ey, Ja.mcs Schilling, Frank
J-Vrria, Kdward R. Beeley. Catharine A.
Flnetfr. Minnie Shutts. Helen M.
<Jai:ie*.. William R. Sllberberg, riolomon
JIarrlfron. Mary L. Somps Pierre G.
Hennlng. Mary Ella Wendt'. Capt Chas. E
Johnson. James H. Wheeler, Mary E. '
Kelly. Catharine
BACIGAUJPI— In "this city. May 29 1301
Thcmas. beloved liushand of the late' Anna
RsiiFelupi. and father of Antone. John and
th»> late Jewph and John Battizta Baclea-
Iwpi, a native of Italy, aged 82 years 8
menths.
SCTFunf-ral aert-ices will be held to-mor-
row « Wednesday*, at 1 o'clock, at the i>ar-
lorn of the Western Addition Funeral Di-
rectors. 1724 Devlsadero etr»\«»t, between Sut-
i' r and Bush. Interment Italian Cemetery.
EKLL— In this "city. May :$0. JJ*M, William H.
i>\\. !>e!o\ed i>on of the laU, Henry and
Mary Bell, and beloved brother of Kdwln
'*. »V1I. Mrs. F. House and the late Mrs.
\» :111am I'arieh. a natl\-e of San Franclacj,
*se<J 12 years and 10 months.
BOLAND — Friends are invite-d to attend a
solemn f-quieir, anniversary man for tho
repose of the »oul of the late Mrs. Bridget
Ftolerd. Wedre«la.y. June 1. at Et. Igna-
tius Church at 8 a. r.i.
COHX- In this city. May SO 1904, Nathan,
beloved husband of Ernestine Cohn. and
lather of Sydney, Sybil and Rcmalle Cohn,
a native of Otrmany, aged «7 years 7 months
::r.l VC duyt.
COLE— In Oakland. CaL. May 30, 1904, Sarah
E.. beloved wife of Charles Cole, and mother
•>f Silvia. Grsee and Gulnctte Cole, a native
ot Illinois, aged 42 year« and 2fc days.
COLLirif BER— In this 'ity. May 80 1804. Julia
Collumber. a native of Ireland, aged 77 yeare.
COONEY— In thia city. May 28, 1904, James
Cooney. a native of County Gal way, Ire-
land, aged 65 yean
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral to-day*
iTwafla}). at fr:.10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Morahan. O'Hara t Co.. 2333-41 Mission
»-<rcet. near Nineteenth, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, where a solemn requlam
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his eoul at 9 o'clock. Interment' Holy
Cities Cemetery.
FEimiS— Tn Oakland, Cal., May 29, 1904 Rd-
ivard Reed Ferris, beloved huFband of Je$-
rie M. Fwrlfc. father cf Viola Ida Ferri«.
«nd only *on of Mr*. Harriet 8 B. and the
late Captain J. R. Ferris. A member of Oak
<Jrove Lodire No. 215. F. and A. M., of A!&-
ntcda: Oakland Camp No. 94, w of W ¦
O&kland Tent No. 17. K. O. T. M.. and the
Carmen's) Society of Oakland.
FLOETER— In this city. May 30. 1904, Min-
nie,- onJy and beloved daughter of Herman
and Maria Floeter. a native of Ran Fran,
ilaco, accd 3 years and 26 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are recpect-
lully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), al 1 o'clock, from the resl-
«enc»- of the parents, I.'MMB Dcvlsadero street,
»-ciween Ellis and CFarrell streets. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Gemetery.
CAINES-^In thl« dty. May 28. 1904. William
- H.. Calnes. beloved father of Kate Gaines
uimI grandfather of- Mervln and Rollln Hen-
i'<)U't, a native cf Baltimore, Md.. upiti 70
»earr 4 montha and 8 days. A member of
Klnroln Pest Ho. I. G. A, ; R.
C T Friends and * acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
F. J. Monahao. Maaaxer. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA # CO
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND BMBALMERa
S3»»-23tl Mlseion «t., near - Nineteenth. .
gas ; Francisco,
AUCTION SALES
60-AUCTION SALE-80
Sixty head of DRIVING. WORK and DRAFT
HORSES from Yolo County. Cal.. weighing
from 1000 to 1600 pounds. Very tew of tMa lot
will weigh leas than 11C0 pounds. Ten head
baiter broken; fifty head broken, In good order
and readv for work.
They are suitable for all purpose*, from mllit
wagons to trucks. Also stylish driving horse,
S year*. 18 hands. 1130 pound.*.
An Inspection by prospective buyers Is la-
vlted
Sala Takes Place
THIS DAT.
TUESDAY, MAY 3!. I9i4, AT 8 P. M.
At Salesyard, 1732 MARKET ST., near Van
Ness Ave., San Franciaw.
Horses at Yard, Sunday. May 23. - '
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
£* HORSES! HORSES! jfe
On Tuesday. May 31. at 11 o'clock, at J. E-
HORAN'S SALES YARDS, cor. 10th and
Bryant Sts., I will, sell 165 head of ta«
choicest young horses and marea that h*ve
been offered on this market In many a day.
They are solid blocks, welshing from 100O ta
150O, from 2 to 7 years old. This Is an op-
portunity seldom offered to Intending pur-
chasers to get choice young stock at their
own prices. This sale Is called by order of
Mr. John Patterson of Reno, Nev., and It ta
a well -known fact h« has nHther spared Uia<»
nor expense in selecting the sires and dams
of th« younr horses to be disposed of oa
next Tuesday to the highest bidder.
r- - S. WATK1NS. Auctioneer.
N". B. — X also have 50 head of S and 3 year
old mules and 60 h-a<i of young mares with
well bred colts by their sides that I must
diipone of before June 10. For further par-
ticulars call on or address S. TV ATKINS, cifi.ee
122 Grove street. Pbone South CO.
£» 5^ £»
JUST ARRIVED AND MUST BE SOLD, a
lot of good gentle horses; also wagons, surrles
and carts, single and double harness, at 114O
Folsom st.. TtTESDAT. May 31. 11 *. m.
WTJ. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
*» t **
AUCTiON SALE at ARCADE HORS3
MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY.
Juno 1. at 11 a. m. I will sell fifty good horses.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ffiSlp^zl SAN FJRANCISCO.
mSV - y « MT DwoT
*-2^ (Toot of Market Street.)
.«•'**« - MAIN^LINrE. -AMMtWM
7 00a Vacavllle. winter*. Ruintry- 7 50»
703a Bcnlclm. Satiun. Elalratad Sacra-
mento 7-20»
7 -30a Vuliejo. X»p&. Caltsipc*. Santa
Ko»a. Murtlnei. Baa Ramon 6 23s»
7-Z0* Xlles, Ltvermore. Tracy. Latirop. *v
8tock:oB 7-28^
8.0CA Jh»«ui Express— (Vl» Davls>, -
Wlllfttmt (for Bartlett S^ringo.
Wlllo»a. tPmto. Red BluS.
Portland. T»cotna. Seattle 7-50»
¦-0CA Dutli TVoodlsBd. Knlichti Landing.
M»rriTilie. OrovJile 7-50«»
8 JCa Port Costa. Slsrtia-z. Ant lot h.
Byron. Tr»cj. Stocktoa. Hew-
nan. Los nanos. M e o d o t «.
Armoaa. Flanfurd. Vltaltt,
PorterniTe 4.20«>
8-3CA Port Co*to. l-«:a.-op. Modetto,
Merced. Frrtno. Oonoen Jane.
tlon. Baaford, Visa!!*. Dakers-
flel.t 4.50*
8 3CA 511ea, S«n Joae. LJ»ermore. Stoclc-
tou. (t.MI!ton). lose. Skcrsmeata,
- ¦-»". *Pl»ceT»!:ie, MsryivWe, C&teo,
Red Blur; 420»»
8.30a Oakdale. Ch'.aew, .Jam-tto-^a. So-
¦or*. Tnolnmne »»d Ancels ' 4-20?
9 COa AtliartcKxpre*9— Ocdcnio4Eait. 11.20a
9-30a Riramocd. Martlaes snd Way
Statt«>n* 850»»
10. CCA Tt>~ Orrr'.ar-.d Lfnifted — Ogdea.
DeaTer. Omsha, Chicago. 8.2O»
10X0a Va!lejn_ 1220»
10.00a Lo* Aavina PaiMenger — Port
Costa. Martlaez, Tiyron. Trscy,
Ijthrop. Stockton. Merced.
Rajmon'l. yretnn. Goshen Jursc-
tloa. KaafoH. Lemoore, Vlsalla,
„„ Baker»flel<t Lo« Amreles 7.20f»
12430m Hurwtrd. Kllesand Way StaUoos. 520e>
tt-OOP Sacramento Rlrer Steamers. fi 100»
3 5ZP Dealelti, TVlntertu Sscrsmrato.
Wuolland, Knights LAadlnar.
fl»ryi»'.i:«. Oroviile ami wmy
.— »tations 1550a
S-ZCp Har-varrt. Nlles sad W»y Stattons.. 7SCp
i-iUP Port Cosra, Martinez. Djroa.
Tr»c.T. Latarop, Model to.
MfrcVl. Uereads. Fresno and
IT ay Stations bejond Tort Costa 12-20 p
5-3UP ro*emlte Valley, via r,orea<!a and
Wtwou 8.50a
330t» Manfnes.Tracr. Stockton. Lodl... 1920a
4 CCPMartfnei.Sun Itamon. ValleJo.Napa.
8«nt«.no»».. ...... ... §-20a
40O Nllee. Teacy. Stocktoa. Lodl ...:.. 4.20l»
4 30p KaTwuM. Nlles. lrrlagton. 8aal tS.SOA
Jose. LIveVmore ) ill. 50*
6 OCp The Owl Llalied— Newman. Lo«
Bjdos. Mrndois. Fresno. Tulare,
_ ._ BabertfleTd. LosAniceles 8-50a
S.OOp ror* Costa. Tracy. 8locktoa 12.2G>
n JOp H»y ward, Nllea aa4 San Jooe ..... 7.23*
•-00P Hayward. NPea Hod San Joae 9.50*
S.CQp Eastern Eiprrss — Ogdeo. Denver.
Om«ha. Pt. Loala. Chicago and
Eiut. Port to*:*. Bcoieia. Sut-
• sun. Elralra, Daajs, Sacrameato,
Rock 1 In. Anbura, Col fax.
Traekee. Boca. lie no. Wada-
worth, 'Wlnneninchs 5 ZC*
t.Btk* Val'.ejo. dally, except Sondsy t t eni
700p Vallejo. Sunday only f ' 50 *
' 7 BCp Hicbmond. liaa PahTn. Port Costa.
Martlnex aod Way Stations 11.20a
7X0p Oregoa A California Kxpresa — Sae-
rameatn, MarynTllle. Red<l!ng.
Portusd. Pojet Sound and Kaat. 8.50a
• OBPR^no Paiseoger— Truckee. Lak«
T»a"« 750A
I.IOp Hajtrard, Kites sad Ssn Joie (Sun-
d»Tonly).. 1150a
COAST LINE OarrMTT u» H **).
(foot uf M.u-Hi-t Street.)
7-46A SanUCrni Eic:ir»!oa(Sund»7 0nlj) 8.10»
• lbA Kewark. CenterviUe. gan Joae.
felloa. lloalier Creek, SaaU
Cruz aad Way Stations. 5 55 p
t2.15p Newark, ¦ CentorvlMe. Stn Joie.
Kew Almmiea. L<u Cuos. Telton.
Boalder Creek. Santa Crux and '
Principal Way Stations ?10 55*
, 4-1Bp Newark. ?aaJoae, LoaUatoa snd » ?355a
•;_ w»y«t»Uon» 1 J13 55a
4-1 5p Wrtght. Folu.n. Boalder Creek aa<t
Pants Cruz, I aturlay and Sun-lay
, oaly i>3 55A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRYT"
rrtn SAN f'UANCl&CO, rout of Market St. <SUD<>
— t • : 15 *to 11:90 a.m. 100 3 CO 515 r.i.
*r»m OAKLAND, foot of Uroatlway— r«:(*> t):iD
t»:tt> 1u:(»a.m. 1200 2 00 4.00 r.M.
COAST LINE (Br«>4 WaBcTil ~~.
tr 1 1 hlrd Auti f»^imeii<l atreeta.)
8-IOa San Jo*e aniTtVay Station* ~8~30»>
f 7 09a Saa Jo«e and H"»y Stations 5 40?
7.15a Moatfrey and Santa Cms Excur-
sion (>und»y only) 10 30»
I OCa Xew Almsden (Tu;^., Frld:, only). 4.1 Jp
8 00a The Coaster— Stops only S»d Joae,
Gilror (connection for Ho!;l»-
ter>. Pajaro. Caatrovllle (.•on-
nectlon to and from Monterey
ud Pacinc Grove). Salinas. Saa
Ardo. Paso Roblea. Santa liar-
gnrlta. Saa Lu'.n Oblapa principal
stations theace Surf (eonnectloa *
for Lompoe). prlnctpul itatlons
thence SaauBsrbara,Saa linen*
vestura, Barbank. Los Anstrles. 18-45*
9.00A Saa Jim*. Trea Pino*. C*pltola.
Rftnt»Cras,PaclflcGroTe.Saltnaa.
Pta Lnia Oblapo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10*
1030a Ssb Joie and Way Station* 1 20*
11 -20a Santa Clara, Saa Joae. Los Gato*
and Way Statloas 7.30?
1-3CP San Joie »a« Way Station* t 3SA
; 3 fcCp Del Moate Kxpre«a— Santa Clara.
8aa Jo**, Pel Uonte. Monterey.
. PaclSc Grove (•-onnects at Santa
Clara, except lioadaY. for Santa
Crux. Boalder Creek and Narrow
Oaaie PolatsV at Gtlror for Hul-
Itater. Trea Ptaoa. at Pajaro for
Santa Cruz, at Cutravllle for
Salinas 12 15^
3-30p TresPiaes Wa* PtMeager 10 43a
4 30p "an, Jone sad w>y Stattons....... -fS.OOA
'5 OOP Santa Clara, Saa Ju*e. L«a Gatost
and prtactpal Way SUUons (ex-
cept Sunday) /.. »J00a
15-SOp SeaJeaeaaaPrtiicipalWayStatlon* 49. 40*
S45p8nn*et Limited.— Kedwotd. 8aa
Joae.Gl!roT.<Salla!U.Pa«oKob!ea,
Saa Lul* obfsno, 9anta Barhara.
Los Ani;el«s. Wmlai:. til P»«x
Htm Orieaaa. ilew y«rk. Con-
¦ectt at rajaro for Santa Cfut
»nd at CMtrovlll* for Pacific
GroTa and Way Stations .*.. 710*
tf .15*1 (.aaMateo.BereareM.Belniont.9aa
Carlo*. Ueiiwuod. Fair Oaka,
v Memo Park. Palo Alto t8-48A
x 6 3flp *>•» Jo*e and WavSutioas.: S-38A
S.OOp Paio Alto ao4 Way Stations. ...... 1u.l5.«
U.JCp »«ulh Saa Frtaclsco, Mlllbrue. Bar-
linzame. Saa Mateo, Belnaost,
dan Carlo*. Redwood. F«lr l'n»s.
Ucala Park, aad t*»l» Alto 9.4S»>
J11.3CP Mijfleld, Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and . -
S»nJo«e t3.45»
A for Murma;. p for Afternoon.
lbnida? excepsed. t SnndnT onlr
« Satnrda j only. • Monday only.
I Stop* st all •tutlea* on Saa4ar.
(IT'OklT tralas »to;>pini; at Valencia 3k loutaaound
treS: 10 a.m., 7:00a. x^ T:!S a. m.. U:Wa. ¥.. l^iflr.*..
at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlora of
Porter A White, 423 Golden Oate avenue.
Funeral nnder the auspices of Lincoln Post
No. 1, G. A. R. Interment National Ceme-
tery.
HARRISON— In- Ea«t Oakland. Cal.. May 30,
I»J4. at 1704 Nineteenth avenue, Mary Lor-
!ng Harrison mother of G. W. Harrison, a
• native of Pennsylvania, aged 78 years 1
month and 26 days.
HENNING— In this city. May 29. 1804. Mary
Klla Hennlng. beloved daughter of Hannah
and John •Henning. and sister of Mrs. T.
Dwyer, . and Harry, George and Herbert
Hennlng. a native of Ban Francisco, aged 17
years 10 months and 23 days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-duy
•Tuesday) at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors cf James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy i
street, thenee to St. Peter's Church, where a
filcmii requiem high mass will be celebrated
for tha repose of her soul commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
JOHNSOX— In this city. May 29, 1004, James
H., beloved husband of Guadaloupe C. John-
son, and father of Howard and Uctlla John-
son, a native of California, aged 38 years ,
4 months and 0 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 91C Mission street.
Intenrent I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. May 29. 1004. Catherine
dearly beloved wife of Michael Kelly, and
mother of James J., Thomas. Michael Jr. and
John Krlly ami Mrs. Kate Kennison, "a na-
tive of Kings County. Ireland, aged 61 years
10 months and 14 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). May 31, at 8:30 o'clock, from the
residence of her son, 2224 Greenwich atrect.
between Fillmore and Stelner. thence to the
Church of St. Vincent de Paul, where, a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
tha repose o" her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. May 29. 1004. Morris
Kelly, brother of the late Mrs. Roger Fitz- |
Patrick, am! cousin of Michael Powers, *
native ot County Tipperary, Ireland, aged
65 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
? Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. MeBrearty A Gmcn, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence of St. Teresa's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th»
repose of his soul at 0 o'clock. Interment j
Holy Cross Cemettry.
MENDELSON— In this city. May 30, 1904,
Elkan. beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. S. Men- .
delson. a native of San Francisco, aged 5 I
years and 9 months. ;
KILLER— In this city. May 20. 1004, Helen
O. MHW. Infant daughter of Elmer and !
Nellie Miller. |
ROGERS— In Berkeley, Cal., May 81, 19(M, !
Philip, beloved husband of Mary Roger*, a j
native of Ireland, aged 70 years. ;
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day '
<Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late ,
residence. 2131 Prince street. Berkeley, thence .
to St. Columba's Church, where a requiem •
mass wiil be celebrated for the repose of his
soil, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
SALE— In this city. May 29. 19W, Mary A.
Sale, dearly beloved wife of T. A. Sale, and '
mother of Harry E. Sale, Mrs. F. L. Ber- .
K nardl and the late George A. Sale, a native ]
of Ireland, aged 61 years 2 months and 9
da>F. I
{CyFriends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at J»:o0 o'clock, from her lat«
residence, 4fl Grove street/ thence to Sa-
cred Heart CBurch. wh*rc a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Ooes Cemetery.
6ANDEK— In this city. May 2S, VJOi, Richard
fituidrr. a native of Kitzingen, , Germany, j
a£«*d 70 years ti months and 4 days. '
G7"Frienus and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Wednesday), ot 2 o'clock, from the funeral ¦
parlors of the EL F. Maass Company 017 |
MiM^lon sti'wt. Interment Odd Fellows' j
Cemetery.
WHILLI.VC— In Now York City. X. T., May !
23. UI04. Frank Sohillir.g. a native of Hon- I
esdal. Pa.. Ejred 4S years.
SEELEY— In this city. May 29, 1904. Cath- ¦
erine Ann, beloved wife of the late Charles i
M. St«ley. mother of the late Mrs. Francts
M. JJahlen. end grandmother of Mrs. John
Lowry and Tliereea Dahlen, a native of j
Connecticut agcj 75 jcars 4 months and 8 !
days. I
|T-7Friends ami acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to Rttend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). Msy 31. at 11:30 o'clock, rrom
her late residence. 1000 Washington street,
corner PowtH. Interment Mountain View '
Cemetery. Oakland, via 1 o'clock creek route .
boat.
SHITTS— In Alameda, Cal.. May 2S. 1804.1
H^len Margarrt Shutte. beloveii daughter of j
Martha Shutts. and sister of Fanny, Frank I
and Harry Khutts, a native of Genoa, 1111- |
nets, aged "H year* 6 months and 1 ¦ day. I
'i'i.i-?.tu. 111., papers please copy.) i
EILMEItBERG— In Oakland, Cal.. May 30,
1304. Solonion, beloved husband of Batwtte 1
Belle Silberb^rg. and father of t-osils S. and i
B*rtha Silberbcrg. a native of Prussia. Ger-
many, aged S3 years 2 months and 2S days.
SOMPS— In this city. May 29. 1904. Pierre G.
Somps. beloved husband of Pauline E.
Scrape, and loving father or the late Emils
F. t-otnps, a native of France, aged 67 years
11 months and 28 days.
CFriendt and acquaintances sre respect-
"fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes- j
day. June 1. at 0::;0 o'clock, from the Claren- :
don 'Hotel. St-i Post street, thence to French |
Church of Notre Lame des Vlctnires, where
a requiem high ma&j will toe celebrated for ¦
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10 I
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
J*leasM» omit flower*. i
WKXDT — In f?«Ti Rafael, Cal.. May 29, l!)t>4, !
Captain <"harles K. Wvndt, a native of Swe-
dti, aged 63 yeai^. A member of Court
Arrw No. 5L K. of A.
tryrhi* funeral will take place to-morrow
• Wednesday), at 1 :S0 o'clock, from the par-
Ion* of Valente, Marini & Co., 152* Hux-k-
ton ptreel. Intf-rnient Mount Olivet Cemetery. '
"WHKELER— In this city. May 30. 1904. Mary
Klizabeth Wlie«-1<?r, mother of George W.
Wheeler. Mlna D. Wheeler and Sirs. J. N.
Beebe. a native of Manlius, N. Y.. aged 71
years.BAKU. Ra«lan Trans-Caucasia, May 80.—
Th« aU firms here have stoned an- agreement
refardlcs the export of {tetroleum. . ->..,•'¦..-'-
A pleasant outing was held by a
few members of " the Library Associa
tionof California' at the Ocgood , tract,
near San Aneelnio/ yesterday;,* The
picnickers carried their' lunches and
made a rear homelike affair of it.. Joy
Lichtenstein and Margaret A. Schmidt
had charge of the arrangements.
Ilold Outios at , San Ansclnio.
.The yonngr men gave their names,
ages and occupations as follows: Wil
liam Maldenhauer, 14, laborer; Ar
thur McGrew, 15, messenger; Frank
Shanley, 14, messenger; Harry . Green,
18, laborer; Emmet-McCarty, U5, can
ner; Eddie Gorman,. 16, broommaker.
As the offense of which the gang is
alleged to be.guIHy: .was committed
in San Mateo County they will' be
taken to Redwood City; for trial.
Half a dozen youths, who, accord
ing to the police, would be bandits
bold, were arrested 'In this city yes
terday morning by Officer Rier and
Specials Lewin and Hennesy of the
Southern Pacific .Company.' . Their
ages range from 14 to 18 years and
they are accused of. leaving this city
to embark'on a career of crime. They
made their first stop at San Mateo,
where they broke open a. freight car.
From San . Mateo they traveled to
Millbrae, where they found an idle
handcar, svhlch, in these days of pros
perity, tney ; thought- might Juut • as
well be busy. The gang manned tha
handcar and on it journeyed back to
this city, only to be met by the of
ficers of the' law, who escorted the
yonthfuK-adventurers to the Hall of
Justice.^
Lads Accn."»ed of Having Broken Into
a Freight Car at San Maftpo
Captnred Here.
YOUNG ADVENTURERS ~
ARE BEHIND THE BAILS
\< < i<!rnt to an Old Bolldins In
Xw York City May HaTe
Fatal Result*.
NEW YORK. May 20.— Four per
pons were injured to-day, one of them
probably fatally,^ in the partial «;ol
laj.se of an old-fashioned four-story
brick "building on East Eighth street,
which was Occupied by a saloon and
tv.o small firms of hat manufacturers.
One wall crumbled away the entire
height of the building. The collapse Is
pupposed to have resulted from under
mining the wall by an excavation of
a large modern building. The injured
persons were employed in the hat fac
tories.
WALLS COLLAPSE AND
SEVERAL- ARE INJURED
Assistant Surgeon E. R. Rockhill,
who was operated on for appendicitis
at the General Hospital on -Saturday,
is rapidly convalescing. *
The First Battalion ' of '.Coast Artil
lery of the California National Guard,
Major H. P. Bush commanding-, which
has been encamped at. the Presidio
since Saturday, returned to town late
last night. Captain F. E. Johnston,
Seventieth ComtSany, Coast Artillery (
U. S. A., .had charge of the practice
i and has put the visitors through a fine
J series of drill?. Eighty men and ten
officers participated. • They were drill
| Ing in firing the eight-inch guns at
j Fort Slaughter, the fifteen-pound guns
j at Fort Baldwin and the six-pound
j rapid-flre guns at Fort Sherwood.
Captain John J. Bradley, U. S. A.,
• entertained Senor T. H. Pardo de Ta
j vera, Senor Benito Legarda . of the
I honorary board of Filipino commis
sioners, and Hon. A. W. Ferguson at
an elaborate luncheon at the Bohemi
an Club yesterday. * *.
To-day being the last day of the
mtmth all troops of the United States
service will be mustered and then pass
rn inspection. • The ceremonies ' will
begin at 9 o'clock this morning.
Senors T. H. Pardo de Tavern and
Benito Legarda of the board of Fili
pino commissioners paid a formal call
on General MacArthur yesterday.
Tire transport Sheridan sailing for
Manila to-morrow will take $2,654,000
In pesos, fresh ¦ from the San Fran
cisco Mint.
First Battalion of Coast Artillery Is
Drilled in the Art of Firing ,y, .^
Heavy Guns.
NATIONAL OCARD RETURNS
FROM CAMP AT PRESIDIO
COLON. May 30. — The British cruiser Retri
bution, which has arrived here, will return
Immediately after coaling to Blueflelds, | In con
nection with the settlement of the British
fishermen's claims against Nicaragua.
According to her story she partook
at dinner Thursday evening of straw
berries and cream. About ten minutes
later she was seized with intense pains
in the abdomen, which doses of whisky
and other home remedies failed to alle
viate. Bhe attempted to summon her
regular physician. Dr. E. R. Bryant,
but an urgent eurgica! caae prevented
him from responding. Mrs. Harper says
that the &ains continued with increas
ing agony until between 2 and 3 o'clock
Friday morning, at which hour her
landlady, Mrs. Frank Swigert. suggest
ed that the surgeon at the Park Hos
pital be sent for. Mrs. Swigert accord
ingly called up the institution by tele
phone and later reported to Mrs. Har
per that the surgeon would not come.
The suffering woman did not receive
treatment until after 9 o'clock next
morning, when Dr. Bryant called, and
she says that he told her her life had
been endangered.
It was learned yesterday that the
purgeon In charge on Thursday night
Mas Dr. G. H. Bockowitz. Last night
he stated to The Call that he had not
received Mrs. Harper's summons for
attendance. Upon hearing of her com
plaint he had investigated and found
that the nurse. Mrs. Davidson, had
been awakened by the telephone at an
early hour Friday morning, but when
she answered the call was informed by
central that the person calling had left
the "phone. The doctor, then asleep."
was not disturbed nor notified of the
oalL
Dr. Boskowitz Raid further that it Is
the rule of the hospital for the surgeon
to go nut only with the ambulance on
an ambulance call, but he would prob
ably have • responded to an emergency
rase such as Mrs. Harper's is repre
sented to have been had he received the
call.
Dr. J. I. Stephen, chief surgeon <nf the
emergency hospitals, investigate the
•"¦ase of Mrs. Harper, and his resultant
report corroborates the statement of
Dr. Boskowitz.
"But." said Stephen, "assuming that
this person really at*ked for attendance
as stated, 1 will say that the emergency
surgeon certainly would not have been
allowed to go. It. was purely a medical
case, and the woman had* been sick
rince 6 o'clock the evening' before. It is
not the duty of the emergency eurjreon
to leave the hospital under any condi
tions except with the ambulance on a
hurry ca.ll, such as accidents demand.
It is absurd to think that he should
attend to medical cases. If he did, with
all the people in the park district, he
would soon have a very large practice.
I have made thSs ruling: for the sur
peons at the hospitals and am fully
supported by the Board of Health."
Mary L. Harder, a cloak and suit
saleswoman, formerly with the Golden
Rule store, declares that *he might
have died last Thursday night because
of the refusal cf the surgeon at the
Park Emergency Hospital to respond
to her call for immediate medical at
tendance. Mrs. Harper rooms , and
boards at S04 Stanyan street, which Is
directly across the street from the hos
pital."
The Rev. Mr. Darst, Disciple of
ChriFt, expressed the opinion that
Christ wculd protest if his church
failed in its first principles and became
sectarian. . :.~." •;-.
The Rev. Miles B. Fisher, speaking
for the Congregational church, said he
thought Jesus would criticize the ec
clesiastical estrangements; that they
had not learned the fellowship of the
saints.
Were Jesus here he would charge upon us
the sin of idolatry, for we are too much
Eiven to the worship of a certain Frenchman
earned John Calvin.
If Jesus were here he would protest against
the Methodin Episcopal church South: spend
ing so much manhood and money where they
are not needed. He would say to my church,
"Don't operate in those fields where the Meth
odiFt Episcopal church belongs and Is doing
th" work. Don't spend millions of dollars in
the North, but take that same money and use
It for the r proad of the gospel among- thote
people who know not that I have died."
The Rev. Richmond Logan, speaking
for the Presbyterian church, said: v •
The Rev. Dr. Larkin. speaking for
the Methodist (North) Episcopal
Church, said that if Christ were here
to-day he could find many faults with
the sx>eaker himself and those whom
he was addressing. The faults, he said,
that are found with the church are but
proof of its growth and strength. He
denied that there was ever a time when
the church was more in harmony or a
time when the people ecclesiastically
organized were more moral or had
higher purposes of good will.
The Rev. P. C. Fletcher of the Meth
odist Episcopal Church South said:
The Rev. Mr. Whitaker, who is 'pas
tor of the Twenty-third-avenue Bap
tist Church. East Oakland, continued:
' If I ever thought Jesus waa a Baptist I
put that notion away Ions ago with childish
things. Neither tvas Jesus a Methodist nor
Presbyterian, a Protestant or Catholic. Our
little systems are but broken light* of his
vision of the truth. But. Just where his crit
icism of the orpar.if.rd piety of our day would
fall I do not know. I am quite sure He
would be out of sympathy with denominational
braggadocio of every sort. The average de
nominational conference would weary him with
its emphasis of externals and incidentals, and
Its exaggerated denominational self-conscious
ness. He would offend some good Baptists to
day by his Indifference to baptism and the
Ixsrd'e I cupper, and others by his insistence
upon the golden rule. He would say less than
some of ua car* to nay about watrr and more
than some .of us dare to say about . Standard
Oil. His message would b«: Religion is a ltfe
of love, a law of social service, an inner
spiritual experience of the grace of God, which
is joy and peace.
"If Jesus were here to-day what
would he protest against In the or
ganized piety which I represent?".
. "If Christ were here to-day/' said the
Rev. - Robert Whitaker to the '. union
meeting of the Ministerial Association
yesterday, "it would not surprise me
were he found In the labor union, or, if
I dare say it, at Sunday picnics. I
think he would be found with the com
mon people." -. • -
The suggestion came through a
query to the evangelical ministers:
\ So far. about 570 has be^en picked up
[by various persons. at or near the spot
(where the fleeing robber left his cart
i and took to the brush.' For several
I hours after the robbery he must have
i been lying out in the brush within 200
\ feet of the well-traveled Auburn and
i Newcastle county road.
AUBURN. May 30.— Four days have
passed since the Placer County 'Bank
was robbed in broad daylight here and
the robber is still at large. Sheriff j.
Charles Keena hurried home on being
apprised of the hold-up and has taken
personal charge of the man hunt.
The little son of . S. A. McKinstry
found in the brush the pistol" carried
by the robber \ylien he made his gun- j
play in the bank. --. It is a short 22- j
caliber weapon containing six cham- J
bers, one cartridge having: been dis- {
charged. The robber fired one shot in!
the bank building at McFadyen, the]
bookkeeper, and the six-shooter was i
picked up at a spot where it is be- |
lleved the desperado, was in hiding. !
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sheriff Keena Arrives on
the Scene and a More
Vigorous Man Hunt Begins
Rev. Robert Whitaker Holds
That the Savior Might Be
Found With Labor Union
Woman Summons Aid, but
Receives No Response — Ac
cused Physician Explains
WOULD BE WITH PEOPLE
PISTOL IN THE BRUSH
Coin That Was Stolen From
Placer County Bank Found
by Residents of Auburn
Give Their Opinions as to
What Jesus Would Say
If He Were.Here To-Day
SUFFERS HOUES ALONE
Mary Harper Makes Charge
of Inhumanity Against a
Surgeon at Park Hospital
DOCTOR'S SLEEP
NOT DISTURBED
FLEEING BANDIT
DROPS DOLLARS
CLERGY ANSWER
NOVEL QUERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL), TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1904.
15
CAZADERG
Ths Gem of All northern EetreaU.
Grave, Porert. Glade ana Sell.
Crett. Caayoa. Kill and Sale. <
Knoll. Knob, Peak and Mcrantata.
The hom« of the trout and the haunt of til*
deer. Reached over tha Nbrth Shor* Ry.. via
Sausalito Ferry.
A year ago> I leased this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I bare the pleasure to
tell you that, owing to last season's big and
unprecedented patronage, I have purchased tala
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation baa been made ot all tb* prop,
ertifs. Insuring the best of servica and ac-
commodation, la the matter »t recreation
a new building containing a bowling allay haa
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
ing and bathing on the river, all free to gnesta.
Free caniplng-grounds in the Cazadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but lanl-
tary rules must be compliad with.
Lota, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $100
up. and cottages Viullt to suit at city figure*.
Take Eauaallto Ferry via North Shor* Rail*
road. Round trip, good for six months. $3 73.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. $3: no staff-
ing; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages. $2 per day; $10 to $14 per wctk; spe-
cial rat* by the month.
For particulars other than herein given writ*
J. J. THIRION. owner and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Shore
R. R. office, OZa Market at.. San Francisco. .
HOTEL ROWAROENNAN
*TN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SBA.**
BEN LOMOND— Santa Crui Couatr.
REGULAR SEASON.
Will open May 18th under entirely new rana«
agsment. Round 'rip I leasts from San FYan-
elsco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery aC. & J\. or to WII.I.HM
DODGE, Lessee, y
LAKE COUNTY
New. ' comfortable carriages direct to th«
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line o> the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays execpted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin, gelgler. Adams. Howard. An-
derson. Hobergs. Spiers. Astorgs and Glenbrook:
half hour for lunch at Callstoga; also to Mt«J—
dletown. Lower Lake. Kelsey vine and Lakeport,
¦Livery in connection. WM. SPIERS. Prop.
WHY ilHf I! KTMTOTT ? ¦
Goto ADAMS SPRINGS
Lake County, CaL. and get cured of stomach,
liver and kidney trouble. Information at Peck's
Bureau, 11 Montgomery at., and at Travelers*
Bureau, 30 Montgomery st. Reduced rates, t'J
for round trip. Testimonials of more people,
cured than any springs in California. Send for
book. Address DR. W. R. PRATUER. Adams
Springs.
THE TALLAC $iiS r .
Now cpen. The Summer Resort of America.
European plan only. Cafe first-class. Prices rea-
sonable. Resident physician. . No consumptives.
Pamphlets at S. P. office, 613 Market street. Ad->
dress M. LAWREN.CE It CO., Tallac. .CaL ~
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Uona tains,
Kow open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau. -
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Co.. 613 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prep.. Ben Lomond. CaL.
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management: no staging; depot on
grounds: phone; fare $3 4O: TIburon ferry;
rates $10 to $13 week; table first-class; our
own dairy: hot mineral baths: swimminn tank;
livery; billiards; croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery St.. or BARKER A
ROSS. Lytton Springs, Sonoma County, CaL
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL ITNDON — Modern lmprovemeata.
extensive grounds; popular amusements; li*i
tennis, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Opposite
depot. J. P. MOGENSON. Prop.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
' Open June 1. new hotel: large dining-room,
telephone, hunting, fishing, swimming, bowl-
ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau.
30 Montgomery st. DR. W. A. McCOR.VACK.
proprietor
BROC K Wl Pl V
Lake Tahoe. »
OPSWS TUTSTB 1st. /
Write FRANK B. ALVERSOX Mgr..
Brockway. CaL
HCCD DtDL' I Wand cottages; 6 miles from
UCCa I AKh. hlil Lake Tahoe; open June 1;
elevation 6307 feet: mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office." 30 Montgomery st.
y J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
TAHOE TATEBN — Situated on th«
shores ot Lake Tahoe. the largest and most
beautiful body of water In the world at this
elevation, is now open for the accommodation
of guests. The tavern will be conducted this
Reason by Mr. F. W. Richardson, manager or
California's famous mission hotel. The Glen-
wood, Riverside, which is sufficient fnarantm-
that It will be strictly first-class. The tabls
will be supplied with all delicacies of the sea-
son, while fishermen will be constantly em-
ployed to furnish lake trout. For rates addreaa
F. W. RICHARDSON.
CAMPBEI.I. EOT SPBX2TO3,
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County.
5000 feet elevation. Are beautifully located
at the bead of the great Sierra Valley. 3<>
miles long by 5 miles wfde. surrounding which
1» the great primeval forest of pine and flr. A
specialty is made of the table. The hot *prin*s>
are unequaled for the cure of rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and skin diseases Rates for room and board.
$12 to $14 per week. Bound trip from San
Francisco to springs via Boca. $11 60. Stax»
dally except Sunday, connecting with 6 p. m.
train from Ban Francisco. _____
WU1THEY HOUSE,
Truckee. Cal. The leading howl. Headquar-
ters for tourists and commercials men. Summer,
and winter re«ort. Meal station ior pas»*n-
gers. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber. Camobell Hot Springs and Slerraville.
STEWART McKAY. proprietor. ¦ .
T-AX-B TAHOE.
LAKESIDE PARK. Open May 1. Hotel,
eottagfs and tents. Popular family resort. De-
lightful camping grounds near steamer Knd-
ing. Furnished tents to rent. Booklets. Trav-
elers' Bureau. 90 Montgomery at., or of E. B.
Smith & Co.. Statellne P. P.. CaL .
"TSCB OSOTE."
Lake Tahee half a mile east of Tallac, ca
laka shore; rates $2.00 a day; $10.00 a week:
meals 50c. Good saddle bcrses and the best
of Uvery. 'Boats free to all guests. J. E.
PARMETEB. proprietor. Tallac. Cal. •
I.INDJTEBi'S PARK. Oaenrrine,
A resort for your family. Partly furnished
cottage*. $12 per month and up. Tints . and
platforms. Near Russian River. Board as4
room at $7 50 per week. See PECK'S. It
Montgomery St.
OCCXDESTTAXi HOTEXi, HATWAED3,
First -class resort;" tennis, eroquet. bowling,
amusement hall. etc. Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD. Prop., phone
Black 141. • _____
—JVEKSIDS HOTEL and COTTAQZS
N*ar beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds; spe-
cial .rates to families; wnts for booklet. F.
BARSON. Proprietor. Santa Crux.
BEItliEVOE HOTEi, XI Verano. So-
noma Co.. Cal Term* $1 day and up; hoc
mineral springs near by. Long distance tele-
phone; daily mall. JOHN SKRRE3. Proprietor:
ES-AErEB'S OXOTE — BOSS VALIST.
. Private boarding; term* reasonable. Team
meets Sunday mornmg trains. Addreaa HR4.
MATT LINDSAY. Ross SUtlon. •
T-AXE SHOBE HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Ne-. Cottage* to reat $5 up. lst-class board, mil*,
and cream, fresh vegetables. D. COUILLAItD,
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Crus Mountains;
oottages and tents for Usht housekeeping at
camslng. A. J. GIBBS. Mgr., Gioba. OK
THE GEYSERS
Tli* Most Fwnoni Health ana Fleaiuia
Resort la CalUomla.
•V THE C1.1MATK AND tSCENKRlT ar- unsur-
passed and the water* are acknowledged the
best on ths market. Natural mineral, steam
and llamrr.am batbs. Bwlmmlng lake of tepid
mineral' water. Boating,, hunting, fishing,
dancing, t hut fle-board. billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have beta
renovated * throughout, and new cottages and a
flni; pavilion built this year. . ¦¦
There will be a fully equipped dairy and Hv-
ery stable in connection with the hotel.' The
hotel, cottages, bath bouses and grounds ar*
lighted by electricity.
The hotel Trill be supplied with the beet the
market affords. Rates. $10. $12. $ 14 and $18
per week/ For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geyser*. -
. Sonoma County, California.
Agua Cal ient£
Springs
We hare added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
-year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco. - temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare fl 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred aliments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In tho state. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day, $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11' Montgomery st..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Caliento
Springs. Sonoma County, California.
We havn erected a stone building/ modern
dining-room; can reat 400 guests.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-'
MENT-GOLF,~GLASS-
nOTTOMED BOATS, SUBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
Every night there is an ex-
citingf match on the new
bowling alleys at
AETNA SPRINGS
If, quieter amusement is pre-
ferred, there are pool and
billiard tables. Just send for
booklet Aetna Springs Ca,
Napa Co., Calif.
MARK WEST
h V k f™ b VSPRIN6$ N
MRS. J. D. DKOST and MRS. H.'KOENER
will manage the springs; many improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas ail over place;
$2 -day; $10 and $12 week. Office 833 Larkm
St.. cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa. Rural No. C. • . ,
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear ', Lake. • Hunting, fishing,
boating,, launch.- horses, tennis, croquet, ¦ dark-
room, wrrm soda geyser In bathhouse, club-
house, etc., increased accommodations, modern
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed. Table a
specialty. | Rates per week, $10 to $13. Photos
and Information at Chatfield & Vlnzenfs, 228
Montgomery St.. or LEE D. CRAIG, Manager,
Soda Bay. Kelaeyville f. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland ot America. The only lake
resort that has Its own mineral springs. Boat-
Ing, swimming, fishing and hunting. EDGAR
D'JHNXX, sole proprietor. Laurel Dell P. O..
Lake County, Cal.
LA HONDA AND PESCADBRO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 0
a. m. train 3d and Townsend. and 9:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stages direct.
Addrees WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City.
Cal. :¦ ¦.¦ •-..¦..¦¦ ¦ - ¦- ----¦¦'
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswick. Slsklyou County, California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
' 15 "different mineral springs. -. Information at
Peck's Bureau, Ml Montgomery st.. or at J.
• MARTENS,. Bachelor.P. O... Lake Co., Cal.
• INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
, Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect; lfl miles from Truckee, In an unbrjkan
forest.* ¦ For Information Inquire at Traveler
office. SO Montgomery st.. Peck's Information
Bureau,' or Mrs. . II. M. demons, Truckee, CaL
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new management. ".- Up to date. Beau-
tiful' grounds. • Running stream and pond with
good fishing. < Playgrounds for .children. Free
¦ carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA. Mgr.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively Improved: 1900 feet altitude: no*
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, < cold 'baths; spring water; ceisent
swimming tank. 40x80., Rates $3 week up; stage
meets train. ¦ ; Schuler • It Scheben. Nana-. CaL
JUpSaElifij TENTS
: jp^k^V^flJra Awning*. Hammocks,
Tel. Main 549. Ill Clay st.
ilia 5j6hannisberg. .
I- New hotel: modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room i hunting, fishing, swimming. boat-
Ing; $10 and $12 pep week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG.JR..' Prop.,'"Oakvllle, Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
IiAUBEIi GBOVE PAB3C — Children's
resort during -summer vacation; best of home
care: beautiful grounds; climate perfect; fresh
milk, and eggs; .open June 1 ; ¦- terms : $5 ' per
week. . MRS. O. ' W. NICHOLS. ¦ Dlmond P. O., ¦
Frultvale.'- ..-' ; ' : '_ ¦¦ \ '¦¦-,.- \._y ' :
'¦ VTAit SPBIWOS — - On . Guerneville
branch Cal/ N. W, < R. • R.. Sonoma Co. ; : phone;
Davillon; bus meets morning train; hot tulpbnr
baths; circulars.' MRS. C. N. MEREDITH,
crop.. * Healdaburg, R. D. 1.
pV ! ADVEB.TISE3IENTB.
. Economical soap is 6ne
that a touch of cleanses.
Get Pears' ¦ for economy
and cleanliness.;
Sold all over the world. !
[GRAND OPENING!
and Dedication of the Exten-.
: sive Beach Improvements at
S&f^f&Cruz
Saturday Ev'ng, June 1 1
Grand Fireworks Display by California '
Fireworks Co. Brilliant Electrical Illu- j
mlnatlons ot Pacific Ave. and Esplanade, '
Nrptune Casino. Plunge Baths and. Pleas- i
ure Pier. Third Artillery Band, U. S. A..
Concert and Ball. ;
Special Excursions via S. P. Ry ¦
VACATION 1904
IS NOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"VACATION" is issued an-
\ nually by the
California Northwestern Wy
* TEE FICTCaESQU2 BOCTE OF CALirOBRIA, ;
and is the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for Informa-
tion regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's , edition, "Vacation
• 1904," contains over 150 pages,
beautifully illustrated, , and la
complete in its detailed informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, ' attractions, ¦ etc., • with
tc<tms from (7.00 per week up.. •
To be had at Ticket Offices, 650 ' Market
Street . tChrcnicle Building), and TIburon Ferry. i
foot of Market Street; General Office, Mutual •
Life Building, -corner of Sansome and California i
Streets, ; San ' Francisco; In Oakland, at - 1>72
Broadway.
Applications by Mail Will Deceive Im-
mediate Response.
' H.' C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X." RYAN, Gen'l Pass'r Agent. ¦
M OUKT AIK VIEW RANCH HOTEL
• *aad cottages,. In the mountains, near Santa t
Cruz. First-class table and accom., gae, baths, '.
phone, daily mall, bowllns, croquet; - amuse- |
ments; terms, J'J up. Campers to Glenwood, Inc. .
caniaite. W 75 round trip. - FREDERICK8RN '
& SUTTON. suc*« to F. R. Dnnn, Santa Cruz.-
REDWOOD "VTI.I.A BSSOBT.
Excellent board, home cooking; tent' ground, .
If <Jr*lrtd. with board, $5. Room and board J8
1 tj $10. Best hunting and fishin*. ' MR3. A.- L>.
ACKERMAN. La Honda. San Mateo . County.
\m/lf,LOw' RANCH, "delightfully located. In
? ? redwoods 9 miles from Santa Crus. Spring
water/ fruit, milk, excellent table;- dally mail; ¦'
free conveyance; %" neek; phone. Suburban 87. |
MRS. W. CRANDELL.. Sant^ Crut; Cal. . .
COTXKTBT BOABD— Orchard,' garden,
poultry cows, comfortable ; home. ¦ ' '.- Addresa
ManzanaFarra. Redwood City; .
ADVKKTISKSLKXTS. ,
¦Miss Wfaitteker, a prominent
dub woman of Savannah, Ga.,
tells how she was entirely cured
of ovarian troubles by the use
of LydiaE Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, ¦
Deae Mes. Pixkhau: — I heartily
recosimend ' Jjjdia, E. ' Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, as 'a Uterine
Tonic and Begnlator. I 'suffered' lor
four years with, irregularities and
Uterine troubles. Ko' one but those
¦who have experienced this dreadful
tLgxiny can form any idea of the physi-
cal and mental misery those endure
who »re thus afflicted. Your Vege-
table Compound, cured me within
three months. I was fully restored to
health and strength, and now my
periods are regular and painless.
What a blessing it is to be«able to
obtain such a remedy when so many
doctors fail to help tou. I^ydia E.
P i nk bain's Vegetabl e Compound
is better than' any doctor or medicine
I erer had. Very truly. yours, Miss
East WHrrrArEB, C04 39th St., W.
Earannah, Oa." — fSOOO forfeit If original of
«4cce letter proving gerulntnw cannot b« produce*.
The testimonials which we
' are constantly publishing from
cratcful women prove beyond a
<loubt the power of Lydia E.
•'irilt ham's Vegetable Compound
to conquer female diseases.; i
the Reason Why
BARTkETT
is so popular as a HEALTH and
PLEASURE resort:
The increasing numbers benefited
by visiting the Springs.'
The- purity and agreeable taste of
the waters.
¦ The delightful and health-giving
baths. .' •
; The excellency of the table. -I.;
The dry and bracing atmosphere.
The walks and drives through the
mountains. ..
The hunting and fishing with all
kinds of amusements. <
Nature and man vying ' with each
other to glvo all. a delightful time.
- RATES— Hotel. $12.00 to $17.50 per
week* housekeeping cottages, $3.00 to
515. OJ a week.' ,'
Write J. B. McMahan, Bartlett
Springs, Cal., or call at 2 Sutter st,,
San Francisco. ,"'<"'-."• : --
FREE EXCURSION
-TO—
SPRINGS
/VIMY 1O. 19O4.
For the next slity days the Tuscan Mineral
Springs Corporation Trill furnish railroad trans-
portation to and from Tuscan Springs and any
points within 300 miles, free to : visitors who
tpeiid thirty days, and free fare one way to
thOM spending twenty days at the springs.
Send .'.tie in stamps for bottle of stomach and
catarrh raft. Booklet free.
Rates $12 per week and up.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRING CORP.,
I Tuscan, Cal.
Santa Gatalina Island
3V4 Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1901.
Our famous Marine Band. , \
• | Hunting mountain goat, (¦ailing-, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
Camp*' Life a Special Feature. ; . ;
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able rates. •
Hotel Metrojsple. .
Modern In all particulars.
For. further information address : .
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU 11
Montgomery, st., or BANNING CO.. 222 S.
Spring st.. Loe Angeles. • ' .
PARAISO SPBES
Monterey County, Cal. ; ;
The most popular sanitary and health
resort in California. Completely renovated
and improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
pasclngly «rand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur biths. ' large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. W.
SCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU, 11 Montgomery st.
f\ISH r%r\C\ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
•J KM LJUU COUNTY: only 4H hours
w I » # ¦ www iTCm gan Franc i sco an< i
but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State: boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek; good trout
ttnamz; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
pre«» and San Francisco tnornlnc and evening
papers: FIRST-CLASS . HOTEL, AND STAGE
SERVICE: both morning and afternoon stages, ¦
round trip from San Francisco only $3 50. Take
TIburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. ro.
.Rates $2 a day or $12 a week.. References, any
«uf f t of the psst nine years. Patronage of
1M3 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st. or of
J. F. MUIX3REW. Skaggs. Cal. .
Hotel EL GARMELO
Pacific Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte.". At the seaside with home comforts.'
The place, to spend your vacation* with your
family. Surf bathing and : Ashing. Rates
with board $2 60 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDY. Manager.
GAMPJ/AqATION.
. Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guerneville in a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river: tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam in the river; 4 miles
of smooth . water - for boating and bathing.
Adults %'l per day, $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates • for fami-
lies. <¦ Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS. Camp Vscation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-,
noma County. Cal. . .
Napi Sodai Springs.'
' The famous mountain health, and pleasure-
resort is now 1 oceu for the patronage of the
public Address JOHN JACOBS..
TUXEDO HOTEL. :
'¦ Extensively improved since -last season.
Opens April 1. THOS. I* BELI^'Mgr.. Fslton.
Cal. . Buy tickets ' to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
loot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00. . ¦ ,<
LAKKPOltT AND JJAKTUSTT SfiUiNUd
STAGE LINE— Uopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, 'carry ing. passengers for Lakeport
and ¦ Bartlett Bprtngs. - Stages connect • with
trains at Hopland. • Leave Hoptand at 12:30;
arrive: at Lakeport: at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs : at 7 :30. New 6-horse . «-pas«enger
tourist ' wagons, with all the ' most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Ban-
Jett Springs. '; call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
fctage Line. Tickets can be purchased at office
cf CalKornla N. , W. . Ry.. . 630 Market St.. or
at , Tiburon ¦ ferry. ' ,• - .
. ¦-¦ MILLER & 4 HOWARD. . Props. ,
WHITE SUXFHira 8FBXSQS. TaUeJo,
Cal. — Most accessible springs to San Francisco;
round trip SI, no stage fare: only 2 H hours'
rid*' • 3 . milrs ' trdm .Vallejo; ' hot. - cold and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheu-
matism. ¦ neuralgia, - ecxema. kidney, 7: liver and
stomach ' diseases.' Beautiful grounds and ' lak*
for ¦ boating •' and . bathing. ' ¦ Dancing - pavilion.
New i bowling alley and shuffle, board. Rates,*
$10 a week, ' including : baths. Addreaa \ MAN-
UEL MADRID, .Vallejo. CaL ¦ ; ...^ ;,
H. S. B. R.' TOCA lio/n ft^IuU 0»..
¦" Bertrand Hotel; first-class accommodations;
special rates •¦ for families snd parties: fishing.
hunting boating. , bathing: Weautiful . drives I to
Bear. Valley; telephone. -. JOSEPH - F. BER-
; TRAND,". or Bulletin Office.* every .Thursday,'. 2
'to 4 p.-< «n. • ', ¦ .:>..-¦;-. ¦v".- »':'.- . ¦*/.---•-- ;:.-;>¦
; CAMP PISTOLE SI, , Marin '¦ County;
housekeeping • cottages ¦ $12 per month ; . hotel
rate, = $8 per week. ~
WHY NOT TRY
Highlaod
IFYOU ARE GOING TO THE
SiJripgs
W E OFF>ER TOU THE BEST OF MINERAL
» * waters, accommodations and service.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All the popular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and postofflce.
' Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake
County. Most centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
"-Make your reservations now.
TERMS— $10 to $17 60 per week., For Book-
|»t etc.. call" on oar agent. H. RJ DCTFIN,
638 Market street, or address
CRAIG & KERR,.
- Highland Springs. CaL
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs san u fi,?*^
The most Meal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. ¦ Buy round
trip ticket from Ean Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, Ban Luis
Obispo. Cal., and return, including stags
to and from springs and one week's
board for 8SO.OO to S22.0O, according
to location of rooms, or board and a com-
modations flMM) to flZ.OO per week.
Scenio surroundings. free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
shady walks, tennis and eroquet grounds.
danc« pavilion for ¦ guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table la weU supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stags meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:15 p. m.
every day- 7 (except Sunday).
This is no hospital or sanatorium.
] ¦ Situated ln'Vendome Park of 12 fl
I n acres, a charming summer resort; I
II both city and country advantages; j
B . . automobile garage on the grounds I
D free to guests. Bathing pavilion.
0 bowling alley.' tennis, etc. New m
m auto road map of the county 1
f mailed on application. 1
I . J. T. BROOKS, Manager. I
CURRY
THE BEST
WEATHER FINE
\ • FALLS FULL ! !
YOSEMITE
33T-.XJE
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN. Midlake P. O.. Lake Co.. CaL.
or call on Dr. Happersberger. 1101 Market. 8. F.
% ;
• ¦'.-" • *
nil n A II I1#t SprInss:onllneSonth-
I I V II I I til erD Pacific; 2% hours from
K I K I I hi g »" Francisco; a trains
II I fill l« ' daily; luxurious mineral
lUll » nd mud baths; hote!
. ¦ ' . ¦ unique In cuisine service
I and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau 613 Market st.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery st., or H. R. WARNER. Byron
Hot Springs. California. *
Hzirbin Springs
Most desirable in Lake Co.; contains sulphur,
iron, magnesia and arsenic: wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney; liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. '.Acetylene gas
plant, liver?, home dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Round trip tickets. S. P. office. $7. J; A.
HAYS,' Proprietor. . - •;. .
. _ _ .
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Santa Rota — Beautiful grounds, all kinds of
amusements: valuable water; cures rheuma-
tism, - drorsy. dyspepsia, liver, kidney, ca-
1 tarrh, stomach troubles; phone; bus maeu
train; take TIburon ferry: rates per week $3
up. H. A. P. FLEMING. Santa Rosa. CaL
GARDEN. CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital: best equipped on Coast: mod-
ern Improvements; large treatment rooms:
ideal location; 5Vi acres; one block from street
cars; wrpte for literature. San Jose. CaL
VICHY SPRINCS
Three miles from Ukiah, Mendodno County.
Natural electric waters; cbamoaKne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
. • J. A. REDESIEIER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
- OPEN . May ¦ 15. Two miles from Hopland,
.Tine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
Owisimner Hams s lo^co. Gmb Meeker
Pure water, equable' climate, lots selling $19
up; cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; depot:
itores; restaurant; hotel; post and express;
telephone: sawmill; 900 lots sold; -800 cottaga*
built. Eausalito ferry, N. S. R. R. M. C
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
DCnrCHClM Delightfully situated to the
btKUjlltliU Santa Crus Redwoods. Rates
$7 . and $S per week. ¦ For circulars addreas- O.
iVBIEDENTVEO. R. D. 121." Santa Crui. Cat.
Bathing Suits
20 Post StreetDIES FROM SHOCK.— Mrs. Roblna Barton,
an Inmate of ' the Old ' People's Home, died
yesterday as a result of shock from the recent
lire.* She was a native of : Maine. 83 years of
: Weak Eyes cured by Murine Eye.tem
edy. Cures pink eye •: and all inflamed
conditions. 'fzgi$g£&iln&0Ktm3SBBEm.
Alfons, an extraordinary equilibrist
and trapeze performer, V amazed two
large audiences at' the s Chutes :yester
day with his daring ¦ and graceful per
formance. . Bert "Bence . and; Joe ; Allen
gave an' entertaining -song and "dance
act, and ; Mr. arid Mrs. Ben : Hunn; a
husky colored couple, ; brought down-the
house with « their eccentricities. ,,The
tw6/ Fantas •'. and their .trained pig,
"Mike," ' varied . their ; act; \ George , and
Laura Lewis,. the two "rubes," changed
their , specialty, ' and : . Mildred ¦ Manning,
the popular contralto, -was warmly, ap-
Chutes,
H. H. Yard. . president of the < Butte
and Plumas Railroad, is down from
OrovluVand staying at the Palace.
: ; Joseph S. . Hays of New York, an
uncle of Charles Hays, former president
of the Southern Pacific Company, Is
registered at the; Palace.
j Dr. W. F. Lynch and wife of Elm
hurst are at the Lick. .
W.'H:Holablrd, a lumberman of 'Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
J. C. Carson, a. wealthy, resident of
Portland. Is at the Palace.
. John Finnell, the well-known Tehama
County rancher, is at the «Palace.
Samuel Henry, a contractor of Stock
ton, arrived- at;the Grand yesterday.
PEKSOXAJU
The standard - romantic drama; *'A
Celebrated Case," . elaborately, 'staged,
expensively costumed and exceptionally
well played, was the attraction ; that
drew two big houses to the Central
yesterday. For unity of plot, wealth
of incident, richness of dialogue and
power of climaxes, this play is remark
able, and no productions have , ever
pleased the Central patrons better than
this picturesque story ; of the days. of
Fontenoy. Herschel Mayall, as the sol
*dier who Is condemned to the galleys
by the innocent words of his own child,
and who finally teaps the mask \ from
the face of the real criminal for whom
he has suffered, gave one of the first
class portrayals of which he is capable,
and Eugenie^ Thais "• La w ton -¦¦ * was
equally successful, : first in 1 the prologue
as the wife : of. the Fontenoy j hero -and
later, in the play, as, the daughter bent
on proving her father's- innocence.
Central.
The literary exercises of the forty
fifth commencement of St. Ignatius
College were held last night In the as
sembly-room of that institution. The
feature of the evening was the masterly
address of the Rev. J. P. Frieden. S. J.
He spoke at length upon the necessity
of co-operation between parents and
teachers, in order that the scholars
should be placed in a position to acquire
the best knowledge the college offered.
Others on the programme were: Ed
mund A. Rossie, W. J. Lonergan, the
college quartet and V. V.- White. An
original travesty entitled- "©n Mount
Parnassus" was well produced by D.
A Q'Keefe, W. E. McCann, T. I. Mc-
Cormick, J. A. Lennon, E. J. Whelan,
J. D. Bray and Eugene D. Sullivan.
.The commencement exercises will
take place to-morrow night.
Rev. J. P.' r Frieden delivers Address
on Subject of Co-operation Be
tween Parents and Teachers. ¦
ST. IGXATTUS COLIiEGE HOIJDS
ANNUAL LITERARY EXERCISES
j There was a real Indian in the piece, i
j too, but he was down as a half breed
and belled his makeup. Notwithstand- J
) ing the melodramatic makeup Mr.
I Durkin's Poatchee was a fine bit of;
; character actiner. Miss Block as the
i heroine was as good as always and the
! same may be said, with equal truth, f
: of Frances Starr, whose Dorothy Mait
: land was as sweet as a. chime of bells.
i Fred Butler, Marie Howe, George Os
j bourne, John B. Maher and Walter
Belasco were excellent in their roles..
, Tivoll.
The revival of "The Toymaker" at
the Tivoli last night attracted a good
j sized audience and there was no one
j who witnessed . the show who did not
I display ample evidence that the clever
people who presented it suited them
from the rise of the curtain to the last
act The applause awarded Dora de
Fillippe, who. as the doll, capered and
j danced and sang, was well , earned.
Never have Tivoli theater-goers seen
'a. cleverer bit of acting. Ferris Hart- ''
I man, of course, was prominent in the
j cast, and of course received his share
i of applause. He always does. Bessie
j Tannehill as Frau Gretchen and Esther
j King as . Marguerite were very . good
and Nettie Deglow as Peter, the work
! man, made a decidedly good impres
jj sion. The piece was well staged and
: the choruses were excellent. —
Motor Boat Japansky Prove* Fast.
NEW YORK. May 30.— W. H. Wal
dorf's automobile racing launch Japan
sky, driven by a forty-horse power en
gine, won the first prize in the first
boat race of the season to-day over a
course of 19% miles with a turn on J
Long Island Sound. The Japansky de
feated with ease the other three boats
with automobile engines, the Flat, the
Shooting Star and the Panhard. cov
ering the 19?a miles in one hour and
six minutes and twenty-nine seconds.
W. K. "Vanderbilt Jr.'s motor boat was
entered, but in speed tests before the
race his boat and the Panhard came
near colliding. Mr. Vanderbilt Jam
med his tiller down so hard to avoid
a collision that his steering gear was
disabled and he withdrew his boat.
Coroner Flaherty proposes to make
a thorough ; Investigation of the- case
when the inquest is held on Wednes
day evening. A negro woman In Navy
street volunteered "the information that
the father of the child had sent a law
yer to see Susan Johnson and advise
her. and on his advice she would refuse
to throw any light on the child's real
Identity. '
The child attended school. She was
pretty and attracted the attention of
strangers on the street. A physician's
wife, whose name could not be learned,
made an attempt to get the child away
from its squalid surroundings by ask
ing the negro woman to permit her to
adopt it." The suggestion was met with
a refusal.. The woman told the physi
cian's wife that the child was that of a
well-known society woman on the
heights,- and was born in the home of
it's grandmother, on Clinton street, to
be abandoned soon afterward. t
At the Clinton-street address given
by the negress stands an apartment
house, and no one there remembered
any tenant whose description fitted that
given* by Susan Johnson of the child's
mother.
NEW 1*ORK, May 30.— Determined
efforts are being made to conceal all
facts concerning tbe parentage or early
life of 8-year-old "Elizabeth Beatrice
"Warren." the beautiful white child who
was burned to death in a negro hovel
on Saturday night. Susan Johnson,
the woman who cared for the child
since it was born, sent a telegram in
forming the father of the fatality aa
soon as she learned of its death. Who
the father is the woman declines to
say, and under police pressure she said
she had not heard from the child's
mother during the last six years.
That the child's life has been one of
misery there is no doubt. The negroes
along the block were unanimous in
there statements that there was no
question that the little one was far
better off now that her sufferings were
at an end. She was a cripple, but how
she became so no one apparently
knows.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Mystery Surrounds Beauti
ful White Child That
Fell a Victim* to Flames
The thirty-eighth annual gathering
and games of the Caledonian Club at
Shell Mound Park yesterday was the
most successful in the, history of the
club. There were* at' least 13.000 people,
on the grounds and everything went
oft without a hitch. The success -was
due to the 'admirable management of
•Chief A. M. M»cpherson. assisted by
ex-CfcreT Angus McLeod, "William
Mitchell and Secretary James H. Dun
can. .Although there were forty-one
events on the programme they were
all concluded before 6 o'clock in the
evening. . ,
-All the events were keenly contested
and one of the most exciting was
wrestling on the mat, which was won
after spirited, contests by R. B. Cor
nell. I. S. R. Tevendale was successful
for the second t!*ne in winning the
first prize for the gold medal, valued at
5250, for bagpipe playing, and he has
been given permission to take the
medal with him to Scotland. P. A.
Mclntyre won the Jacoby gold medal
for winning the most points. The
guests were as usual hospitably enter
tai»ed.
Following are the results of the
games:
' Quoits — M. J. McMeony, R. McQueen, W.
Graham.
Throwing heavy hammer, for members and
of sister societies — D. W. Dow. J. A. Cameron,
P. A. Mclntyre.
Throwing of light hammer, for members and
of sister societies — D. W. - Dow, P. A. Mc
lntyre. J. 1 Cameron.
Putting heavy stone, for members and /Of
sister societies — P. A. Mclntyre, M. Morgan,
D. W. Dow 1 . •
Putting light stone, for members and of
sister tocleties — W. Morgan, P. A. Mclntyre.
D. "W. Dow.
-Race, for sons of members and of Scottish
societies— H. Macpherson. R. Ross. W. Morgan.
' Handicap race — H. Macpherson, M. Mac-
Donald. W. Kindblod.
Handicap race, for daujhters of members of
Scottish societies — Nellie Coleman, Annie Ross.
Mary Coleman. .
Best dressed men (In plain Highland cos
tume)— D. ¦ D. McRae. J. Morrison. Ed Ross.
Bent dressed men (In full Highland costume)
—Nell Lindsay. Tevendale. M. P. Grant.
B*st dressed boys (In, full Highland costume)
K R McRae J. Trevethlck. J. Mundell.
Grand Highland reel— R. McD. Murray, J.
Macbeth. Ed Ross. -
Race, for men— W. Christy, M. W. Beck.
Throwing heavy hammer 1 — A. M. Faulkner,
D. "W.-Dow, P. A. Mclntyre. .
Throwing light hammer— A. M. Faulkner,
D. W. Dow, P. A. Mclntyre. •
Running hop. step and Jump— R, E. Burns,
A. S. Gould. A. McCaw. _ ¦ ¦
, Putting heavy stone — Haynes, Christy, Faulk-
Putting light stone — Haynes, . Morgan,
Hurdie race — Christy, Beck. Burns.
"Highland fling— R. McD. Murray, A. Mac
beth. Kd Ross. „ . . .
• Highland fling, lads and lassies In costume^ —
Hazel Allen, Miss Bowden, Llllle McDonald.
'Svqord dance — Macbeth. Ed Robs. R. McD.
Murray.
Running Jump— W. W. Beck. Christy, Al
Vaulting with the'pole— A. McCaw, Al Gould.
' Reel o' Tullocn— Ed Robs. R. McD. Mur
ray. F Bowden.
¦ Ladtee*. race — Miss Hamilton, Miss Coady,
Race for members of the football associa
tion—A Glanur. R. Taylor. B. Rlrotoul.
Special ¦ event: bagpipe . playing — I. , S. R.
Tevendale. A. Ross. E. Ross. . «"
Race for members of Caledonian Club — Beke.
Mclntyre. George Reed. * J>
Running high leap— Beck. ChrUty. Hayne*.
•Highland fling, children 12 years and under
— Prize to each.
Hitch and kick— Murphy, Sexsmlth, Mcln
tyre -
•Reel o* Tulloch;.lads and lasses In costume
—Prize to each. '
Sack race — Vf.A. Smith. J. Sutherland, M. ,
J McDonough. M. C. McGregor.
•Sword dance; lads and lassies in costume-
McDonald. Gilbert, H. Allen. . , T 'X.
"Wrestling on mat— R.; B. Connelly H. Gil
der :-•¦¦¦ ¦- .' ' .¦' ' \ ¦> ''
Long race for men— R. Ross. H. "Williams,
M • J McDonough, D. , McMullen.
. Boys' handicap race — E. Coady. P. Forrest.
P. Wall. ,.¦¦¦
- Tossing i the caber— Cameron Morgan. Dow.
Tug-of-war, married • and . single men; turf
pull— Married men. ;'•.
• Valuable > Jacoby gold medal - to the club
member receiving the most points In all com
petitions—P. A. Mclntyre. ,'..-., ;
Most Successful Outing in
Years of the Caledonian
Club at Shell Mound Park
CLANS ASSEMBLE
IN FULL FORCE
WAIF PERISHES
IN NEGRO HOVEL
Captain W. G. Leale's Caroline took
a large company of the Sons of St.
George for a picnic yesterday. The
party left the wharf at 10 a. m. and
returned at 5:30 p. m. The party was
fortunate in having the genial owner
of the boat aboard and he took the
most sheltered course possible. He
took them past the Presidio, Sausalito,
through the Raccoon Straits to San
Quentin, where* the prison band came
aboard and played several airs suitable
to the occasion. The boat then went to
El Campo and came ttr anchor for^ two
hours, where dancing, singing "and
general frolic reigned and the party
was thoroughly satisfied and enthu
siastic over the day's sport.
Miss I. E. Connor will offer to the la
dies of San Francisco her entire stock
of fine millinery at sxeatly reduced
prices: $25.00 hat. $15.00; $15.00 hat,
$10.00; $10.00 hat. $5.00. Sale beginning
Tuesday, 9 a. m. 138 Geary street. •
Sons of St. George Picnic.
Millinery Sale.
The song recital given by Signor Do
menico Borghese at Steinway Hall last
evening at 8:30 o'clock would have been
better attended . had tbe public but
known of the excellence of the pro
gramme. As it was the hall was well
filled with the signor's admirers. Se
lections from Denza and Puccini open
ed the programme, followed by a piano
eolo by Signor S. Martinez. After
singing a selection from "Zaza," Signor
Borghese was the recipient of a hand
some floral wreath. "A Dream." in
English, by Bartlett; "Evening Song"
(Tannhauser), from Wagner; a piano
soV>. "The Palms," by Faure, and "Tor
eador" (Carmen), by Bizet, ended the
programme. As an encore to the "Tor
eador" song, Signor Borghese rendered
a solo from "La Boheme/' by Leon
cavallo.
Recital by Signer Borghese.
A westbound Halght - street car
collided with a Sutter-street horsecar
at Market and Sansome streets last
night. The windows in the Sutter
street car were shattered and Con
ductor H. Bernard, who resides at 1823
Devisadero street, was badly cut oh the
hands by flying glass. The passengers
on both vehicles, though badly fright
ened, escaped injury.
From foot of Market street, narrow gang*,
a new train. Santi Cruz passenger No. 50«.
will leave at A: 15 a. m. dally except Sunday
for Boulder Creek. Big Ba.« 4 n, Sant» Cms and
principal way stations, tffective June 1.
Train No. COfl. leaving same station at 4:15
p. m.t will extend service or Saturdays and
Sundays south of San Jose to Santa Crus and
way stations. Effective June 1. - •
Th« following ch&ases la tlzn« of traJna
leavlas; broad eauee depot. Third and Town
send streets, will bo Into effect June 1: No.
28. 1-avine Baa Francisco 3 p. m. daily for
D«l Monte. Monterer and Padflo Gran*, will
be discontinued on Sundays. No connections
for Santa Crui. No. 30. leaving at 3:80 p. m.
dally, will extend Us service south of Ban Jose
to Hoi lister. Tres Plnos, Santa Cms. Paciflo
Grove and way stations. No. 44. leaving at 5
p. m. daily except Sunday, win extend service
south of Lo» Gates to TV right.
Changea In Train Time.
CARS IS COLLISION
ON* 3IARKET STREET
, ALMOST; ASPHYXIATED. — Mrs. Herllnda
SJousa. who recently arrived from Mexico, blew
out the gas In her room at 2024 Sutter street.
Sh* was discovered before life was extinct and
removed to the Kmerijency Hospital, where
ifctoratlves were applied. '
A new face^ — comparatively new — ap
peared at the Alcazar last evening
fresh' from the picturesque dramatic
glories of the soul-stirring Central, and
it was a good one, that of Edwin T.
Emery, who had a good deal to say
and do as the villain, Captain Snell,
in "The Tollgate Inn." He was a har
binger of melodrama and brought with
him the booming of cannon, the crack
of musketry, the clattering of horses'
hoofs and a thunder storm.
Maude Adams — but how j may one
capture the winged and willful sweets
of her Lady Babbie? One may say she
has a face of. April grace, a distract
ing eyebrow, a witching smile, hands
that weave lyrics, a voice like a thrush.
Again one may say she realizes whol
ly the elfin humor of Lady Babble, the
caprice, the untamed sweetness, the
womanly depth of the pretty creature.
And one cannot Imagine her for a-mo
ment anything else. She is utterly
identified with the character. One re
calls, however, some, scenes with pecu
liar delight, as when she teases, wor
ships, orders about the little minister
in Nannie's cottage. Then her recep
tion, of the news that by Scots law
the Lady Babbie is married to the min
ister — such arch, delicate, triumphant
comedy is this. Her. blarneying of her
deceived papa — but throughout Miss
Adams is victoriously bewitching, and
one hears her lark-like laughter echo
ing long after the curtain falls.
As Gavin Dishart, Henry Ainley had
the right idyllic accent. He was man
ly, boyish, romantic and byronlcally
handsome. Nannie Webster was admir
ably played by Mrs. W. G. Jones, and
the four elders were flawlessly Scotch
and fully humorous in the, hands of
John H. Bunny, G. Harrison Hunter,
Richard Pitman and William Hender
son, though the whole cast can be re
called only with entire satisfaction. It
Is "The Little Minister's" week.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
• . • •
. Alcazar.
Perhaps it was unfortunate, perhaps
fortunate, that Miss Adams' play had
been seen here before. The attractiqn
of novelty was of course absent, but
there was the 'always fascinating op
portunity of comparison.
Still there were seats left last night —
that the speculator will probably be
paying gold for before the week Is
out. For, in spite of its lack of novelty,
in spite of its mediocrity as a play,
"The Little Minister" plus Maude
Adams and her excellent company
simply bewitched the audience. •
The sketchy, performance given by
the Grand Opera-house stock company
some time ago, with, however, earnest
and clever principals in Laura Nelson
Hall and Herschel Mayall, gave little
more than a hint of the play's.possibil
ities. Last night everything was in
favor of Mr. Barrle's comedy, from the
delicious Lady Babbie of Miss Adams
to the. last braw bit of Scotch on the
tongue of. Elder Whamond. Scenically,
beginning with. the cottage of Nannie
Webster, with its picturesque loom, the
production is perfect, and there isn't a
flaw in the cast. .
Shelley, perhaps, might fit " Maude
Adams into a lyric; dull prose can
never tell the charm of her. Last
night, after many years of absence,
she reappeared here "at the Columbia
Theater in "The Little Minister," in
which, as Lady Babbie, she made her
first national success now six years
ago in New York. It was impossible to
avoid a vicarious pride in the fact that
San Francisco discovered Miss Adams.
To my respected confrere, Mr. Peter
Robertson, belongs the honor, when in
her performance as Adrienne in "A
Celebrated Case" he discerned in the
small girl that spirituelle charm and
humor that now so delightfully dis
tinguish the actress. . ' ;
An attorney of prominence in San
Francisco, who makes hto home In
Oakland, is said to be guilty of a
breach of trust which -will require his
appearance aa defendant at,a hearing
of the case In the local courts In June.
The complainant, according to the
story from across the bay, will be Ma
dame Cecile do Lou, a masseuse at the
Lurline Baths on Bush street.' It is
alleged that the woman at one time
owned the property at 826 Ellis street,
valued at $15,000. As friend and ad
viser, it is alleged, the laim^er received
from her a diamond, watch and other
presents and that she \ made a will
leaving him her estate. It is also said
that upon two occasions she borrowed
$1500 from him and as security gave
a deed, to be recorded after her death,
to her property, then worth $12,000.
Whatever may be the merits of her
case, Madame do Lon is not inclined
to discuss them, at least for publica
tion. "When not plying her profes
sion of kneading the pliant flesh of
her patrons at the Lurline she makes
her home at 127 Olive avenue. She
was not at home last night to callers,
much less to interviewers. A third
party conversation held with her last
night, through the mediums of a small
crack in the door of her domicile and
an accommodating old lady to carry
the words, developed that the madame
would not divulge the name of the
lawyer she is suing nor would she dis
cuss the status of her property hold
ings, past and present. She would
only say that she had a new adviser,
name not given, whose office is on New
Montgomery street, and to him must
be referred all questions concerning
her case.
. REDDING.. May 30.— Araasa Dollar
hide, a prominent resident of Fall River
Mills, is a hero, and his heroism is re
sponsible for the preventing from death
by drowning of E. House and Alvin L.
Florin of Fall City.
Florin and House left Fall City yes
terday morning to' go 'swimming in the
waters of Pit- River. . They thought
only of the delights of the plunge and
the sport In the water, and paid no at
tention to the fact that, Pit River la
unusually high. They went \o their
accustomed swimming' place near where
Fall River empties into the Pit and
plunged intp'the stream. The current
proved too strong, and they were, car
ried down the Pit with lightning rap
idity. . ¦-¦;.'
, Dollarhide was fishing on the Pit a
short distance below the swimming hole
and saw the, danger the boys were in.
He hastily took off a portion of his
clothing and plunged into the icy wa
ter, rescuing both. Dollarhide was al
most exhausted and says five seconds
more in the cold water would have
caused him to go under.
plauded for her illustrated song show-
ingr local *scenes. The. animatoscope. Il
lustrating the adventures of Andy and
Mandy at Coney Island, abounding in
fun, completed an interesting pro
gramme. " Amateurs will appear on
Thursday night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Said That Woman Gave Him
Presents, Borrowed and
Deeded Away Her Property
Strong Current Almost Car
ries Youths to Death Be
fore Fisherman Gives Aid
NAME NOT DIVULGED
SWIMS IN ICY WATERS
"Toll Gate Inn" Proves a
Strong Production—May
all Pleases at the Central
Madame 1)6 Lon's Legal Ad
viser May Answer in Court
for Alleged Breach of Trust
Fall. Eiver Mis Kesident
Prevents a Double Drown
ing by His Heroic Act
000D PLAY AT ALCA^AE
• ¦.« — *—
Actress Appears in • Splen
did | Advantage in Piece,
"The Little Minister"
MASSEUSE NOW
AFTER LAWYER
MAUDE ADAMS
ART BEWITCHES
RESCUES BOYS
FROM A STREAM
THE SAN . i-KANLibcO- CALL, TUESDAY; MAY XL, 1W4.
• Wedding Invitations and wedding-cake boxes..
Very superior." \! Edward S. Knowlee,"21 2d it. •
• Franklin • read all he i could find > re
lating: to political economy and finance.'
16
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
This is an age in why h 11
' smart dressing unlocks the I
door to society and leads, tol
business success. fi
Men in moderate circum- 1
stances need no longer go to
ready-made clothing stores
and purchase misfit suits, for
they can select material to
their fancy and have a perfect
fitting suit made to order for
less money at either of the
stores of Chas. Lyons.
Suits From
$15^ Up
Trousers to Order
%m up
Samples, and self-measurements
free by mail.
LONDON TAILOR
721 Md/kcfwdlZZ KcwnyJt
NEW ADVEBTISEBi^lTTS. . ,''---.
• ••••©•©•©©•9«©M©aoe«««©dbooo«6oaoo«ooo««ooo«««oooooo©ooae«eooooo
I Golden Gate Cloak and Suit Hoase
• - GREAT SEMIANNUAL
(111- CLEARANCE SAL^f
• ONE OF THE GREATEST SALES EVER HELD IN SAN FRANCISCO.
i v THE LOWEST PRICES JN YEARS.
| Over ,^^1^5 OOO WortH of
• Tailor-made Suits, Shirt Waist Suits, Long and Short Silk and Cloth Coats. Dress Skirts of Cloth SlTfc.
and Crepe de Chine; Walking Skirts, Linen and Alpaca Skirts, Children's Coats, Capes and Silk
• Waists.
: MUST BE CLOSED OUT.
q : - We adhere strictly to our well-tried and successful policy never to carry over garments from one sea-
! 9 son to another. The styles are the newest of this season's productions, well made and reliable material.
• . There will be no disappointment. Goods just as advertised, no matter how ridiculously prices may seem.
•' SUITS— SUITS. SKIRTS— SKIETS.
:« $15.25 SHk Shirt Waist Suits at 96.45 $ 2 .oo Walking Skirts at 75c
•;• $17.50 Silk- Shirt Waist Suits at... $6.05 Walking Skirts at «1.45
:•¦ $15.00 Alpaca Shirt Waist Suits .at *6.O5 $3-50 VValking Skirts at JJ «•
• .$12.50 and $i=;.oo Tailor Suits at 94.9.1 $5-oo Skirts at $1.»5
i? ' $17.50 Suits at :. :..?«.?»."> $6.50 Skirts at $2.45
'0 $20.00 Tailor Suits at..... ' 3?S.O5 $7 50 Skirts at 92.95
!• $22.50 Tailor Suits at •••••'«?n'2- $8.50 Skirts at : 93U5
tO $25.00 Tailor Suits at $1O.T).> _, . «j n-.
9 $27.50 Tailor Suits at ...912.05 $10.00. Skirts at 94.05
!• $30.00 Tailor Suits at 914.45
iS JACKETS— LONG COATS. SILK SKIRTS FE0M §3.95 UP.
••-' $10.00 Jackets at '•f?* 4 .** Much less than half price.
2 $12.50 Jackets at 94.95 ;» t - h
q $15.00 Jackets at 96.45 Crepe de Chine and Etamine Skirts at half price.
9 $17.50 Jackets at SI'S- $5.00 Alpaca and Mohair Skirts at 92.45
• |f -~ Jackets at . : .^9 8 .9o and Mohaif Skifts ~ 93#95
•' $15.00 FuH C le S ngth' Coat s'at.V/.V'^i'.oi' and 96 # .95 $4.00 Japanese Silk Waists, hemstitched inser-
S ALL-SILK COATS. „ tio £ at *v V : "w • / "; l~1ll
•¦ Taffeta, Peau de Soie and Pongee at less than half 6o ° f ea " _ d . e oie f w «*« at «*M
• orice * Misses and Children s Coats from 91.95 op
• $10.00 White Etamine Coats at..; 94.95 A,ll-CIoth Fur Capes at tremendous reductions.
• NOTICE— No goods exchanged or taken back during this sale.
S SALE COMMENCES AT 9:30 A. M. TO-DAY.
1 1230-1232-1234 Market Street.
: MARKS BHOS}^
..Double..
Value Diay
THIS WHITE SKIRT
Always sold for 7 K O
$1.50. To-day I JU
PETTICOAT, as pictured, made of
good durable Cambric, 20-inch lawn
flounce, trimmed with 2 rows of clus- .
tered hemstitched tucks and 2 rows of
lace insertion, finished with wide ruffle
of torchon loce. An extra deep dust
ruffle. .-• ¦":¦¦ ,
THESE DRAWERS
Always sold for ORp
50c. Today... ZJb
' LOIE FULLER MUSLIN DRAWERS, as
pictured, cut extra full and wide. Um-
brella flounce trimmed with torchon in-
sertion, finished with ruffle of torchon
lace. Drawers that wear well and wash
well. ,-¦¦
I TH IS WHITE APRON
Always sold for Q Q p
75c. To-day... uDu
LOW NECK. SLEEVELESS^ \ WHITE
APRONS, as pictured, made of excellent
quality of fawn,' trimmed with hemstitih^-
ed ruffles; -¦ and, embroidered bretelles.
Deep hemstitnhed hem^ \ i "
Women's White Lawn j C p
Aprons. 25cT value ;^/. I yu t
7 Sale Price for Tb-bayOiily. :?. : ,
MarksBros.
The Home of Honest Values.
il220^1222^24lMark8t< Street.;
AJ>VEB>TXSE2XENT8»
Soap, Ointment and Pills
the World's Greatest
Skin Cures.
PRICE THF SET $1
Complete Treatment fer Every
Humour, from Pimples
to Scrofula.
The &g«&lztaf ltcMag and brrrmlng
of tie f kin, u la eczema ; the frightful
ccillBg, u la psoriasis; the Iocs of
htlr and cruftfng of the scalp, as la
•called head; the facial disfigurement,
as in pimples and ring w»ria ; tho awfol
•sffieriBg of infants aad the a&xletj of
wonwrat parents, as In milk crust, tet-
ter and salt rheum, all demand a rea-
eij of almost superhuman rirtnas to
saceessfally cope with them. That
Cadccra Sa&p, Ointment aad Fills are
cnen na*«is proroa be/ond all doubt.
2?o statement is made regarding then
tkat ts net justified by the strongest
crldence. The pnrltj and sweetness,
the power to afford Immediate relief,
the cerukrty of epeedj and permanent
cure, the abtolnte safety and great
ecoaotnj, hare made tbea the stand",
ard <kln ceres and humour remedies of
the crHUzed world.
The grandest testimonial that can be ;
cflfered tbe Cuticara remedies is their
woxld-wlde pale, due to the personal
recommendations of those who hare
txsed tbesa. From a small beginning
In the simplest form, against prejadico
and opposition, agalnut monied bests,
countless rirals, and trade indifference,
Cutlccra remedies hare become the
greatest curatives of their time, and,
In fact, of all time, for nowhere In tbe
history of medicine Is to be found
•sother approaehing them in popularity
aad sale. In ereryclhne and with every
people they have met with the same
reception. The confines of the earth
are the only limits to their growth.
They hare conquered the world.
••Id Saoaefetmt ts. wM. CvtfeM R.«.!»«o t «e.
r* term .f Ctexx .»•.« Coatsd Til'.t. Sc i-rr tUI at 9P~,
On twoL *>_ s«wr-»e. DqK<U i Ln^os, r (Awlv
fcca* !*<;.; P»r... » 11.. t* U P*tx: B«M, 137 OIm-
Vm. .\rt. Fcttar Dntf * Chan. Cm*, SoU ri»fit«M».
k— .
I Everywhere I
* ¦ 3.SL I
U Burlington Overland Excnr- Eg
3 sioiis leave San Francisco on H
gj certain days every week for g
B St. Louis and the World's Fair; |
B also for all the principal eastern k
B cities reached via St. Louis and fig
,"i The excursions travel in Pull- gj
1 man tourist sleeping cars, thro' N
3 Salt Lake City and Denver, pass- S
g ing the grand scenery of the |
m Rocky Mountains by daylighL B
-| The cost of a double berth^ com- g
1 fortable for two persons, is $6.50 B
9 to St. Louis and $7 to Chicago. K
i An experienced special con- g
¦ ductor is in charge of each y
K excursion. U
t* Let me tell yon more about this Rood n
n Tray of going cast. Postal card will bring E9
l| W.D.SANSORN.Gen'IAst Burlington Roots H
B «t» 631 Market St. San Francisco. jp
That's my price. I've many
other good things at my own low
prices. Y'ou may depend upon
anything you buy here. AH my
cutlery is hisli class— <iH standard
ma lies.
RAZORS as low as SI. 00. gtinr-
.nnfcRed of best steel blades and
built for nsajje.
SCISSORS, 25c up. RAZOR
STROPS upward from 25c. Two
bars Williams' 10c shaving soap 15c.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT IMAM PITTS
F. \V. PITTS, the Stationer.
JOOS Slarket Street above Powell.
San lYancisco.
j^fp^&jl MENANDWGME&.
*$fctyttw:i&{& L'u Bl* C for nnn»tnr»i
Jygy l» 1 u £ «»r>-\£| <J:'cb»r»rn. inflammation*.
ffiSV OiuiEttfd ¥if irntatioDt or alceratlo&l
uwj tot t* •trletcre. of QQCOQ3 fs^Uibr anes.
tP 1 4 rr»wt.r««i«rtM. p»in".»»i. and not utrln-
g7»V>:EETmCHEKmiC8. p.nt or poifonons.
Bflfffik CB3«IUn.0gaB Bcld by DrnRl'tl,
•^B^Sk CB.4. jSsT or «ent in plain wrapper,
iWTfli%n <MrH b T exprent. prepaid, tor
V^fijBSSK^a »1 °0. or J bottlei I2.T6.
" '-ircclaf tentcn teqnert.
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rZESK AJTD SALT MEATS. #
11C I>UVP<k * Ctt Bhlpplns Butcher*. 108
JAS. ItUiCJ tt U/. Clay. TeL Mmin 1294.
OILS.
HTBItlCATING OILS; LEONARD * ELLIS.
*18 Front rt., S. F. . rhone Main 1718.
FBZZTTZZrO.
E C. HUGHES, ' £il EA&soxne at, 8. F.
•
OUR STORE WILL
CLOSE ON SATURDAY
AT 1 P. M., DURING
THE MONTHS OF
JUNE AND JULY.
ON OTHER DAYS
DURING THESE
MONTHS WE WILL
CLOSE AT 5:3O P. M.
BULLOCK & JONES CO.
Tailors A Men's Furnishers
106-108 SUTTER STREET, S.F.
f* »CT
Special Sales Ji
Every Week
China
Crockery
Glassware
Enamel Ware
Household Goods
• Watch Our #-
r Stores. M
Prices Talk. H
It Pays to Trade I
Great American Importin;Tea Co's
Store* aaTOrt
S61MarV«t M0 Grant my. U 19 Polk
140 Sixth 1313 Deviaadero 705 Larkin
475Haight 900S Sixteenth 355 Hayea
328S Mission 621 Monts'y a va. S3 Market
2008 Flllmora 2516 Mission 146 Ninth
S6e Third 4» Fourth 2332 Xth *