New Consul Appointed.
WASHINGTON. May 16.— President
Roosevelt has appointed as Consul at
Puerto Cabello. Venezuela, J. B. Peter
son of Brooklyn. Peterson, who is a
negro. Is one of the proprietors of thf*
jfew. York AS«.
V^* Kings Will Meet at Kiel.
BERLIN, May; 16.—King Edward
has announced hiis intention! to" visit
Emperor William j during; the; regatta
week at Kiel, which begins 'June 22.
Convention News Continued on ,Page4.
LONDON, May 16. — A dispatch to
the Central News from Tokio says
telegrams from Seoul announce that
several hundred Russians recently at
tacked and plundered the British gold
mines at Eunsun, Korea. Many Brit
ish and Japanese miners had their
goods taken and several were Impris
oned.
Rufc&ians Plunder Gold 3fines.
SEATTLE. May 16. — Federal Judge
Hanford in a decision rendered to-day
holds than an ordinance passed by the
city of Seattle fixing a license of $600
a year for the sale of trading stamps
is invalid. The court is of the opin
ion that such a tax is exorbitant, in
restraint of legitimate trade and that
the arrest of a person for violating its
provisions is in conflict with article 14
aX the I constitution.
Trading Stamp Act Invalid.
SANTA CRUZ. May ". I7.~At ¦¦ .2
o'clock this morning the sub-commit
tee on platform and resolutions re
jected the instructions ' for Hearst by
a vote of 3 to 2. The light - will be
made on the floor of the convention. •
- . T. : A. Wood | is an attorney In this
city and for years was prominent in
the agitation, that preceded the pen
sioning of the. soldiers of the First Ore
gon Volunteers, who aided in "suppress
ing • the . Indians in Oregon and Wash
ington irian early .day. Hosea Wood
is the son of T.. A. Wood and his part
ner, and" aided his father in his alleged
illegal : practice,' 2_ _
PORTLAND, Or., May 16.— After be
ing out about an: hour this evening the
Grand Jury in tHe United States Dis
trict Court brought in a verdict of
guilty in the case of T. A. Wood and
Hosea Wood,, who were on -trial for
conspiracy to defraud the United States
Government, of .pensions. The jury
recommended 'clemency, and it is prob
able that the prisoners, will be let off
with fines. rv«- , •
Father and -Son Are Well-
Known Oregonians and
Probably Will Be Fined
Leon Claranario this afternoon made
a full confession to Constable John
Kett and others in which he states that
he committed the murder of Aruju,
alone and unassisted. Mrs. Aruju was
present at the time they quarreled and
she afterward assisted him in disposing
of the body. The fugitive tells the full
story of his flight from Tehachapi to
Cameron on Wednesday after the crime
was committed, from there to Mojave,
where he remained three days. He was
unable to get work and went from there
to Los Angeles, concealed himself there
for a while and then went to San
Diego, where he was arrested.
3Iurderer Makes Confession.
BAKERSFIELD, May 16.— A spe
cial to the Californian from Tehachapi
says:
3Ien Who Were Accused of
Conspiring to Defraud the
¦ Government Are Convicted
FIND WOODS
ARE GUILTY
April 17 was a public holiday in
celebration of the raising of the flag
in 1900. Athletic sports were held
during the day. A national salute was
fired by the man of war at midday and
the native brass band played at inter
vals during the sports.
TUTUILA. May 3.— Regret was ex
pressed here when ths news was re
ceived that the U. S. S. Adams was
ordered to relieve the U. S. S. Wheel
ing as the station ship in Tutuila and
that consequently there would be a
change of officers who have been con
nected with the island Government.
Captain Underwood, the commandant,
has made himself very popular. He
ha? established a Samoan newspaper
and a native school. Assistant Pay
master Goodhue. U. S. X.. has held the
position of island treasurer for nearly
three years, and Ensign Lackey, U. S.
N., has been chief custom officer for
the last six months.
OFFICERS MUST LEAVE
THE SAMOAN STATION
Rrjrrct Expressed at Tutuila at News
That the Warship Wheeling Is
Transferred.
Finally, however, a telegram bearing
the signature of no less a personage
than Thomas McCaffery, an official of
the Southern Pacific, with headquar
ters at Los Angeles, and a prominent
politician, was in the hands of Samuel
Schiller, a leader of the delegation
from San Diego. This telegram in pos
itive tones demanded that the San
Diego delegation vote solidly in the in
terests of Hearst and his candidate for
chairman. This left no doubt as to the
power that was behind the author of
the telegram. That it had its full °f
fecC*became evident to-day when. San
Diego acted contrary to the expecta
tions of "those that have* watched the
organization of her delegates.' -
entire convention to date— and it has
been a convention replete with sur
prises—came to-day when the hand of
the Southern Pacific Company loomed
up in the fight in favor of Hearst, who
has poured the vials of his wrath upon
the heads of the directors of this cor
poration in the past.
When San Diego County cast its
votp solid, for the pro-instructionists'
programme, a murmur of surprise
swept through the convention and
gave the first' hint that some Influence
had been operating to swerve what
was believed to be this delegation's
fealty to the Gould candidacy for
the chairmanship from its intended
course. The shrewd politicians that
have been handling the fight to down
the programme for instruction forth
with began to make an investigation.
The conditions that had brought about
this change in the , San Diegans was
hard to uncover. ' •
And this may also account for the
number of passes upon which delegates
from the southern part of the State
enjoyed the journey to the convention
city and upon which they will return
to their homes to explain to those that
sent them here why It was that they
bolted the anti-instruction forces in a
body. . .
The feeling is so intense over the
contest that Is inevitable to-morrow
when an effort will be made by the
Hearst forces to put through an In
struction resolution that the great ma
jority of the delegates who stood. loyally
by Gould to-day in his fight for chair
man will call upon Gavin McNab and
demand that he do not recede one iota
from the position he. has taken. They
fear that in the interests of harmony
McNab will yield too much to the oppo
sition. They have been loyal to him In
his fight, fhey say, and now they in
sist that he lead them through until
the last gun is fired, even though it
split the party wide open on the ques
tion of the virtues of Hearst.
COLOGNE. May 16.— The Berlin
correspondent of the Cologne Gazette
telegraphs that private dispatches
from the Caraeroons say the Cross
River rebels have been completely
crushed after an obstinate fight by a
British force in the territory of South
ern Nigeria. The British losses were
heavy- Thirteen officers and non
commissioned officers were killed.
Thirteen Are Killed Daring a Severe
Engagement With Southern
Nigeria Rebels.
BRITISH OFFICERS FALL r \
IN DESPERATE BATTLE
SANTA CRUZ, 3fay 16. — Following is a forecast of the delegates from the several Congressional
districts to the national convention:
First District — Thomas Bair, Eureka; R.-.H. de Witt, Yreka. ' " J
Second District — R. II. Beamer, Yolo; J. B. Sanford, Ukiah.
Third District — James Keyes, Sulsun; John .1. McDonald, Oakland.
Fourth District — Jasper McDonald. W. J. McGee.
Fifth District — Joseph S. Tobin and Barney Murphy.
Sixth District— T. C. Butler, Salinas; Henry Brlekley, Fresno. .
Seventh District — Harvey McCarthy and Dr. Kdeleman, Los Angeles. .
Eighth District — R. F. Garner, San Bernardino; W. E. Shepherd, Ventura.
FORECAST OF DELEGATES TO NATIONAL SESSION
Bishop Grant, chairman of the Gen
eral Conference Commission, presided
and introduced the speaker. The peo
ple gave the Governor an ovation when
he arose to deliver his address. He
said in part:
"It is, in my opinion, high time for
the colored people of this country to
cease looking upon themselves as a
problem. Such conception of the race
problem is simply a sum of problems
confronting every black man, as they
do every white man, and which every
man must solve for himself.
"Brooding over wrongs, however real;
revolting against conditions, however
harsh: crying out against discrimina
tion, however apparent — this in itself
will not accomplish anything for the
colored people of the country. If there
is a race question In this country, there
is just one way in which each indi
vidual colored man may contribute to
its certain solution, and that is by re
solving that he shall fight bravely on
ward toward a higher ideal of living
and thinking."
CHICAGO, May 16.— Quinn Chapel
was thrown Into a panic to-night dur
ing an address by Governor Durbin of
Indiana, when a crank rushed down
the middle aisle with his hand extended
threateningly toward the Governor and
exclaiming, "I will kill any man who
disputes the word of Father Abraham."
The venerable bishops of church, min
isters and laymen rushed upon the man
before he could reach the platform.
Others placed themselves as guards be
tween Indiana's executive and the
struggling lunatic.
Fifteen hundred people in attendance
at the quadrennial conference were ter
ror-stricken when they saw the man
running toward the Governor. He
waited quietly until order had been
restored and then proceeded with his
speech.
The man was ejected from the build
ing. It is believed he is insane. No
one knew him. The crank's appearance
was first noted when he cried out: "I
will kill any one who disputes the word
of Abraham, the father of our nation.
I am in the world to see that it is not
done." '¦} ;~ •¦•"
ing that they -will throw a larger vote
for instruction to-morrow than they
cast for Jeter to-day and hints are
made that accessions of strength will
come from the San Francisco delega
tion. All indications point to a spirit
ed and somewhat ugly fight. Several
of the anti-Hearst delegates are mind
ed to sneak their sentiments in a di
rect manner.
INFLUENCE OF RAILROAD.
The most incongruous surprise of the
Police Surgeons of Capital
"Will Examine Him to De
termine as to His Sanity
Vigilant Factions
Await a Hot
Contest.
Crank flakes a Menacing
Movement Toward Indiana
Governor During a Speech
SOME OF THE MEN WHO COMMAND ATTENTION AMONG THE DEMOCRATS
ASSEMBLED AT SANTA CRUZ TO SELECT DELEGATES TO THE NATIONAL
CONVENTION AT ST. LOUIS. . . ¦
STARTS PANIC
IN A CHURCH
in a New Field.
Ycnng Chief of the Department of
Commerce and Labor Is to Work
The point discussed to-night is wheth
er McNab can hold an equal number
of men in line to-morrow when Tarpey
advances the resolution to instruct for
Hearst. Rumors are flying thick and
fast to the effect that Tarpey's follow
ing \vill be increased by the arrival of
delegates who were absent to-day.
Ugly hints are thrown out that Colonel
Mazuma has arrived with timely rein
forcements. Leading Democrats, who
hold that a great victory for true par
ty principles was more in the election
of Frank H. Gould, express apprehen
sion as to the outcome of to-morrow's
combat.
The oratory in the convention to-day
was several degrees below the grade of
brilliancy. Judge Raker of Modoc eas
ily carried off the honors In the nom
inating line. Many of the delegates
expected to hear from Ed Lcake of
Yolo. Thomas Geary of Sonoma, Frank
lin K. Lane and James H. Barry of
San Francisco, Isadore B. Dockweiler of
Los Angeles and E. C. Farnsworth of
Visalia. Leake of Yolo would have
gone to the front in the style that made
him conspicuous as an anti-Hearst man
at the meeting of the Democratic State
Central Committee, but his voice is so
impaired that He can scarcely speak
above a whisper.
The leaders of the Hearst forces ac
count for their defeat in to-day's en
gagement bv unexpected desertions in
the Los Angeles and Alameda delega
tions.
To-nlffht tbo Hearst men are claim-.
Tarpey openly avows his purpose to
present the resolution to instruct for
Hearst. He will not accept the com
promise of a Hearst delegation unin
structed. There Is much more at
stake than the simple adopting of a
resolution to govern the course of the
California delegation to the Demo
cracic National Convention. McNab
Is placed In a position where he is
bound to fight In order to maintain his
leadership of the Democratic party of
the State.
Regarding the election of Gould on
the alignment accepted by both fac
tions as an indorsement of the record
and purposes of the organization,
McNab's management of the San
Francisco division enlisted the admir
ation of the interior delegates. For
style in the art of high bossing the re
sourceful Gavin gave his fellow Dem
ocrats an object lesson. His person
ality was not in any sense concealed.
He was on the floor of the convention
among the delegates of the several As
sembly districts of the metropolis and
surely made good his pledge to the
inland supporters of non-instruction
that he would hold San Francisco in
line. Only eight of the 168 of the city
contingent fell down and the deser
tions were ascribed to booze rather
than boodle.
PROPHETS ARE BUSY.
SANTA CRUZ, May 18.— The day's
battle Is over and the Hearst band
wagon is In use as an ambulance to
carry off the wounded. In what
seemed to be an open, fair contest on
the question at issue, the forces op
posed to instruction for Hearst won
the victory, bot Tarpey propose*; t >' re
new the engagement to-morrow and
force the adoption of a resolution to
instruct. .
Gavin McXab is not boasting of the
triumph achieved in the election of
Frank H. Gould to the chairmanship
of the convention, and is not inclined
to underestimate the strength of Tar
pey in the next conflict. Tarpey to
day was astounded when the strength
of the McNab column was disclosed
and its discipline put to the test. Mc-
Nab was also surprised at the vitality
and strength of the Hearst following,
hence both sides are reorganizing for
another struggle.
STRIFE WAXES BITTER.
SANTA BARBARA. May 15.— A s«rl
ous automobile accident. In which sev
eral prominent Los Angeles people
: were badly injured, occurred on the
San Marcos Pass, a mountain grade on
which motor cars are,, not allowed.
News of the catastrophe reached Santa
Barbara this afternoon and created no
little excitement here.
Owing to & broken brake a heavy
machine, owned by Andrew Jung of
Los Angeles and carrying Jung, his
wife and Charles Miller, his chauffeur.
, dashed down the steepest part of the
grade and turned turtle, dangerously
injuring Mrs. Jung and pinning Jung
under the car. Miller escaped without
serious hurt.
The Jung party in one car, Mr. and
Mrs. Tom Viges in another and Frank
Hu/Json and wife in a third, were tour-
Ing from Los Angeles to Niles. Al
though it is against tfcs law for motors
to cross the San Marcos Pass on ac
count of the danger to traffic, the three
machines took this route and Hudson
and Viges made the descent in safety
and waited at the foot of the grade for
Jung. His failure to arrive caused ths
others great alarm and they were
about to return when Miller ran up and
dropped in a faint before he could ex
plain what had happened.
After reviving. Miller stated that
shortly after leaving the Cold Springs
Hotel the brake broke and the machine
dashed down the grade at a terrtflc
pace. After making several perilous
turns Miller ran the car into the bank,
where It turned completely over. Mrs.
Jung was thrown to the ground with
frightful force, sustaining a deep scalp
wound and a cut in the cheek, Jung
being pinned under the machine.
When the rescue party arrived on
the scene Mrs. Jung was still uncon
scious. At the sight of the wreck Mil
ler fainted again and it was some time
before he revived. After great trouble
Jung was taken out and the entire par
ty was conveyed to Kelley's bee ranch,
a short distance away.
9s«c!al Dispatch to Tha Call.
WASHINGTON. May 16.— President
Roosevelt has at last picked a man who
•» lil manage his campaign next fall.
George B. Cortelyou, Secretary of Com
merce ard Labor, is his choice.
Mr. CorteJyou will resign from the
Cab/net when he is formally elected
chairman of the Republican National
Committee, and the vacancy created
*U] be filled at the same time. Who
"•ill get the commerce portfolio is yet
to be disclosed. Mr. Roosevelt picked
Ccrtelycu as manager of his campaign
e/ter he had heard from Cornelius N.
Bliss of New York.
The President had Bliss In mind for
the national chairmanship a week aer>.
Feer^tsry Cortelyou has been In New
York sir.ee that time and conferred
with BiiFS. who sent word to the Presl- ,
dent that he could not undertake the
heavy duties of campaign management.
Then Mr. Roosevelt decided to ask his
newest and youngest Cabinet officer
to srrve. Bliss has consented to con
tinue to serve as treasurer of the na
tional committee. He will give his
<arne5t support to the Presidential
t.clret this year and undertake the rais
ing if campaign funds.
P^5tmnst<»r General Henry C. Payne,
vj^-e rhairman of the. committee, will
ictire when the committee is reorgan
izrd. as his health will not permit him
t« continue in that ofSce. Two men are
Dow being seriously considered for his
position — J. W. Blythe of Iowa, general
counsel of the Burlington road, and
Harry S. New of Indianapolis, member
of the national committee.'
FeTotary • Shaw is now in Iowa to
confer with Mr. Blythe. Should Mr.
P'ythe decline. Mr. New may be offered
?he place. Although Secretary Cortel
you has never managed a Presidential
campaign. President Roosevelt regards
him as exceptionally qualified for the
office of chairman. He has become
thoroughly familiar with the,Preslden
tial situation in every State during the
lest six years. As secretary to the late
President McKinley he had unusual
opportunity to familiarize himself with
local conditions from one end of the
country to the other. President Roose
velt also believes that Mr. Cortelyou
possesses in an unusual degree genius
for organization.
f ?ec!iJ XMcpttcb to Th* Can.
Brake Fails to Work and the Ponderons
Machine Dashes to Destruction at
San Marcos Pass.
Tarpey Has Hopes
of a Final
Victory.
Woman Hurled From a Car
When It Upsets on
ttie Grade.
ftiairmanslrip ol National
Republican Committee
tlie Prize.
Secretary to Manage
the Campaign of
Roosevelt.
Residents of Los An
geles Injured in
Disaster.
CORTELYOU
WILL LEAVE
CABINET
AUTOMOBILE
RACES DOWN
A MOUNTAIN
SANTA CRUZ, May 16. — The die has been cast and Hearst has lost at least the moral support of the Democracy of California. A majority of the delegates to the Democratic convention here in session — a majority sufficient
ly large to leave no question as to the temper of the greater number of Democrats of California — voted to place in the chair to lead them in further deliberations Frank H. Gould of San Francisco. Mr. Gould was the opponent of former
Lieutenant Governor William T. Jeter, a resident of this city, who was selected by M. F. Tarpey and other directors of the Hearst forces to lead them in the fight for a delegation to the national convention instructed to vote first and last
for Hearst, a candidate for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States. "The issue was a plain one, and with the defeat of Jeter came the defeat in California of the aspirations of Hearst. Another point in the selec
tion of Gould is settled beyond a dispute. It established beyond question the domination in California, so far as the Democracy is concerned, of the McNab-Lane organization. The work of to-day's sessions practically ended with the elec
tion of Gould. Committees were appointed, and they labored until late in the night.
DEMOCRATS DEFEAT HEARST FORCES' CANDIDATE
FOR THE CHAIRMANSHIP OF STATE CONVENTION
Alcarar— "Coliaette." > r'\i
Calif ornl»— "Onr Vvw JUaisWs."
Central — "Sows lay tbe Sea." .
CImtes — Vaudovilla. V *
Columbia— "Old Heldelberr."
Oraad — "Empress Theodore,. 1^
Orpneam— Vaoderille.
Tivoli— "A Runaway GlxL"
TBS THEATEE3.
Tcrecart xa&d* at Baa Praa
cUco for thirty hours eadinr
midais-bt, May 17 1
Saa Trancieco and vicinity—
rair Tuesday; brisk north
'west Triad.
G. S. WTLLSOSr.
* Local Forecaster.
THE SwXATHXB.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 169.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TWENTY PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904— PAGES 1 TO 10.
The San Francisco CallWASHINGTON, May 16.— The Japa
nese legation has received the following
cablegram from Tokio:
"Admiral Kataoka reports that on
May 14 our torpedo-boat flotilla con
tinued sea-sweeping operations under
cover of the fleet. The enemy con
structed temporary batteries on the
promontory at Kerr Bay, Talienwan,
mounting six field guns, besides a hast
ily constructed fort, and with one com
pany of soldiers stubbornly resisted our
attack. Our torpedo flotilla, defying the
enemy's fire, carried out the operations
and destroyed five mines laid by the
enemy. Unfortunately, one* of the mines
exploded and sunk our cruiser Miyako.
In this accident six men were killed,
besides the two who were wounded in
the fight."
The news of the loss of the Miyako
has been sorrowfully received in Tokio.
The dangerous character of the work
in which the Miyako was engaged Is
generally appreciated, but it was
thought that the loss of torpedo-boat
No. 48, under, similar circumstances
Thursday last, would serve as a warn
ing to those engaged In the work to ex
ercise the greatest care. .
Admiral Kataoka reports that the
Russians withdrew Robinson
Point, northeast of Kerr Bay, which
adjoins Talienwan Bay, May 12, but
they erected a temporary fort on a
height northeast of Taku Mountain,
where they mounted six guns and con
structed protecting trenches. The ves
sels of Admiral Kataoka's squadron
shelled the Russians throughout Sun
day, but the latter stubbornly retained
their position. i
The Japanese flotillas while sweeping
the bay were exposed to- the Russian
fire all day, but continued their work
uninjured.
Japanese Legation at Washington In
formed of Loss of Miyako.
ADMIRAL REPORTS DISASTER.
Destroy Mines in Kerr Bay.
TOKIO, May 17, 10:30 a. m.— Admiral
Kataoko reports that on May 15 the
operation of removing the mines in
Kerr Bay was continued by the tor
pedo boats under protection of a bom
bardment by the fleet. There is no
change in the enemy's defense, except
the addition of two or three field guns
to their position, which had the effect
of interrupting the work of clearing
the bay of the mines. Nevertheless,
the Japanese destroyed eight mines,
but there are many more left and the
work of destroying them will be con
tinued. " ;^ ( .
Will Condemn I light of Way.
SANTA ROSA, May 16.— The North
Shore Railroad to-day commenced suit
against Andrew Markham, a well
known capitalist, and others to con
demn a right-of-way through Mark
ham's place at Duncans Milla for the
purpose of building a track to reach
the lumber mills of the Davi3 Com
pany. Rule ranch, Duncans Mills. It
will be a bitter legal fight. *,'"
English Embassador Arrives.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 16, 6:40
p. m.— Sir Charles Hardings, the new
British Embassador to Russia, arrived
at St. Petersburg to-day. Because of
the part the Embassador is expected to
play in carrying out King Edwards de
sire for closer relations between Great
Britain and Russia more than usual in
terest in his arrival was displayed in
official and unofficial circles.
Stewards Arrested as Spies.
CRONSTADT, May 16. — Two Lascar
stewards and an engineer have been
'•I want to get him a beneficial leg."
he said, "and I thought the President
would give me permission to take up 14
collection." »
"Don't you mean an artificial leg?"
Jonas was asked.
"I certainly do not. was his response.
"I mean a beneficial leg."
Policeman Smith arrested him and
the police surgeons will pass upon th«
questicn of his sanity.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 16.—
Jonas Grist called at the White House
this morning to make a request of the
President and was placed under ar
rest as an alleged crank. His home is
in Perryville, Md.
He said his brother had trouble with
one of his legs and wanted the Presi
dent to give him a permit to take up a
collection.
Asks President's Permission
to Make Collection for
Beneficial Leg for Brother
Nine I transports, assisted by the
navy, landed 100 troops and the re
mainder will land to-night and to
morrow. The number of the Japanese
force is not known. .The warships
shelled the shore from early morning
until evening.
The Japanese are expected here on
Wednesday and I the Russians are
rapidly evacuating the town.
NEWCHWANG, May 16, evening. —
The Russians were surprised by the
appearance of the enemy at Kai
chau, twenty miles south of Tinkow,
this morning. They were expecting
the Yalu army.
Newchwang Being Evacuated.
may think fit and will not be allowed
to enter the port again until the ex
piration of such time."
CRANK SEEKS
WHITE HOUSE
LONDON, May . 17.— The Shanghai
correspondent of the Morning Post,
cabling under date of May 16. says that
according to a native report from Port
Arthur the Japanese are vigorously be
sieging the fortress night and day, by
land and sea; that sixty Japanese war T
ships and transports have been sighted
in^lackny Bay, and that heavy firing
has been heard in Kinchau Bay.
The same correspondent says that
the Chinese Government is addressing
an identical note to all Its Ministers
abroad, renewing China's declaration
of neutrality, and that an imperial
edict will be issued enjoining the Chi
nese people to observe strict neu
trality.
SEOUL, May 16, 6:30 p. m.— It is re
ported that a Japanese force has cor
nered 200 Russians north of Anju and
is endeavoring to starve them out. The
only provisions in the possession of the
Russians are those secured by forage
and it is expected that the food of the
besieged men will soon be exhausted.
Japanese are bringing to Seoul two
Russian non-commissioned officers
who were captured at Anju. The pris
oners are being brought here with the
intention of producing a moral effect
on the Koreans.
At Japanese headquarters numbers
of Chinese speaking < Japanese have
been engaged as Interpreters for the
Manchurian campaign.
ST.. PETERSBURG, May 16.— The
general staff has received the following
dispatch from Lieutenant General Sak
haroff, dated May 15:
"On May 14 I was informed that
Chinese bandits had appeared in- vil
lages sixteen kilometers west of Liao
yang, and I sent out detachments of
riflemen, mounted and on foot, and a
company of infantry. No bandits were
found in the villages. As the force was
returning, twelve kilometers west of
Liaoyang, a considerable number of
bandits were discovered at a point
•where they had been concealed by the
villagers. The riflemen attacked the
bandits, who occupied the outskirts- of
the village, from which they Vere dis
lodgetj. They left twenty , t dead and a
number of rifles and.mariy" cartridges.
Our loss was two soldiers killed and
three wounded."
CZAR VISITS MOSCOW.
Greeted on His Journey Enthusiasti
cally Tjy Soldiers and Civilians.
MOSCOW, May 16.— In the ancient
capital of the empire Emperor Nicholas
to-day received an enthusiastic wel
come. His stay was brief, lasting only
thirty-five minutes, because of his wish
to hasten to Kharkoff to begin bidding
farewell to the troops under orders for
the Far- East, but it was sufficient to
enable all classes of the public to show
their loyalty to the throne in this trying
time of war.
His Majesty's trip to Moscow was de
void of incident and was uninteresting
perhaps to himself and to the members
of his staff, but to a stranger in the
empire It was filled with picturesque
color. At every hundred yards along
the line there was stationed a soldier in^
the regulation uniform, who brought.
his gun to the salute as soon as the lo
comotive of the imperial train reached
him. Thus the royal party swept along
for hundreds of miles past saluting sen
tries.
The first intimation the imperial par
ty had that the Moscow stage of the
Journey was nearing an end was at
Klin, where the railroad enters Moscow.
Governor Christ of Moscow and the lo
cal authorities were waiting on the
platform and as soon as the train
stopped the Governor proceeded to the
car occupied by the emperor and wel
comed him to the province The train
then continued on to Moscow, where
preparations had been in progress for
several days for the imperial visitor.
Among those assembled at the station
at Moscow were Grand Duke Sergius,
Governor General of Moscow, accom
panied by Grand Duchess Elizabeth:
the son of Grand Duke Paul, Grand
Duke Dimitri, a young boy, and his sis
ter. Grand Duchess Marie.
The vast kalancheff square, just out
side the station, was packed by thou
sands of standing persons, who had
hopes of getting a glimpse of their sov
ereign. There were no formalities.
The Emperor greeted those assembled
to meet him end then retired to his seat
in the train and resumed his Journey.
After bidding farewell to the troops
at Kharkoff. which is the headquarters
of the Tenth Army Corps and of the
Tenth Cavalry Division, his Majesty
will visit Poltava, where the Ninth In
fantry Division is assembled; Orel, the
station of the Second Cavalry Brigade;
Kaligua, where the Third Infantry Di
vision is stationed, and Rizan, the sta
tion of the Thirty-fifth Infantry Divi
sion. The Seventh Army Corps will Tae
inspected at Moscow on his Majesty's
return. He will arrive at Gatchina, near
St. Petersburg, May 22.
CHEFt?. May 15. 4 p. m.— A combined
land acd sea attack on Port Arthur is
• expected to take place between May -0
aud May 22.
The Japanese hope to occupy Pert
Dalny within a tew days. Dairy is
not fortified, the only fort in the vicin
ity being one midway between Talierr
xcan abJ Kinchou. After the destruc
tion of the submarine mines at Talien
wsr the Japanese intend to- land ad
ditio. al troops there and commence an
"attarl:- on Port Arthur.
A Japanese officer informed the cor
r«spba<aeat cf the Associated Press
that the Japanese are ready to lose
2000 men in the attack. This he d'.i
not consider to be a large number in
view of the great percentage of sick
and wounded who will be able to re
take the field as a resylt of modern
hospital equipment.
Well informed Chinese say the en
trance to Port Arthur is not blocked.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 16, 4:50 p.
m.—The Japanese evidently are deter
rr.ired that there shall not be any fur
• ther rail etmimunicalion' between Gen
eral Kuropatkin and Port Arthur. Of
ficial advices received to-day by the
general staff say the Japanese have
destroyed fifty miles of the railroad
north of Kinchou. No. resistance was
Siiade by the Russians, who are gradu
ally* abandoning iu On the Japanese
epproach ¦ Colonel Spirdorof of the
Amur Railroad Battalion is seeking to
render the railroad as useless as pos
sible by removing the switches and
otherwise disabling the road. Th?
Russians are retiring because of the
approach of the Japanese column sent
westward by General Kuroki immedi
ately after the occupation of Feng
vangcheng.
Experts who discussed the military
situation to-day expressed the opinion
that General Kuropatkin will not re
main at Liaoyang. Their view seems
. to be borne out by reports from Liao
yang announcing the departure of Rup
eian families from that point. It is
said rhat General Kuropatkin is not at
a!l discouraged by the advance of the
Japanese. Telegrams received here to
day from Liaoyang report him as be
5r.g "perfectly satisfied" with the out
look.
It was announced to-day* that the
Tenth and Seventeenth army corps
will leave May IS for Manchuria. This
force includes the Orenburg division
of Cossacks and artillery armed with
the new model rapid-fire field guns.
AMERICAN SAVES RUSSIANS.
United States Military Observer Pre
vents Them Froni Slaying Each
Other.
MUKDEN. May 15 (delayed in trans
rr,4ssion).—Lieutenant Colonel Schuyler,
U. S. A., military observer with the
Russian army, arrived here to-day and
after an interview with Viceroy Alex
ieff left for Liaoyang in the afternoon.
It appears that Captain William B.
Judson of the United States Engineer
Corps, who is an observer with the
Russian army, helped to avert a clash
between parties of Russians during the
Russian reoccupation of the raiiroad
after the Japanese had cut it at i?o
landirn. When the Japanese had tem
porarily retired .from the railroad a
train with tv.o companies of sappers
\va» sent south from Liaoyang. Cap
tain Judson was aboard. When the
train reached a break in the line a
body of troops was eeen, and they were
supposed to be Japanese. Sharpshoot
ers won* thrown out and preparations
vere made to swoop down on the en
emy. Captain Judson. through his
glasses, recognized the Russian uni
forir.s and the troops proved to be a
party sent up the line from the south.
THINK RUSSIANS IN DANGER.
London Newspapers Believe Slav
Forces Are Greatly Overmatched.
LONDON, May 17.— In the absence of
actual news from the seat of war In
the Far East, the London newspapers
RUSSIANS CREDIT REPORT.
Admiralty Believes That Launch With
Tori>edo Crippled Japanese
Cruiser.
ST. PETERSBURG, May ,17, 2:20
a. m. — Owing to the interruption of
communication with Port Arthur, the
Admiralty has no information of the
blowing up of the Japanese cruiser
Miyako on May 15 or the torpedoing
and crippling of an armored Japanese
cruiser in Taliemvan Bay May 10 by a
launch in command of a young Russian
naval officer. The Admiralty officers
read with interest the account of the
former and point out that' by no
chance could the two happenings be
Identical, since the Miyako was struck
ln daylight and the other event is re
ported as happening at night.
The Admiralty, while awaiting news
of either incident, points out the fea
sibility of the launch exploit, since the
equipment for sending torpedoes from
small boats is an invention of the late
Vice Admiral Makaroff, which he
utilized in the Russo-Turkish war.
Where one or two Japanese ships
have been crippled, satisfaction is ex
pressed by the Admiralty that/There
has been some equivalent for the dis
asters to the Port Arthur fleet. •
Vice Admiral Rojestvnsky ¦ of the
Baltic fleet said that there would be no
hurry for the voyage to the Far East
and that he does not expect now to
arrive in the Pacific until September
1 next at the earliest.
A resolution was adopted declaring
that the war was not connected with
racial or religious questions, but was
being carried on to insure the security
of the empire of \Japan and permanent
peace in the East It was further as
serted that this was distinctly in the
Interest of Justice and the civilization
of the world.
Thousands of Different Religious De
nominations at Tokio Refute Claim.
TOKIO, May ljj, 6 p. m. — In refuta
tion of the claim that racial and re
ligious prejudices inspired the Japan
ese to engage in the war with Russia,
thousands of Buddhists, Shintoists and
Cnristians held a joint meeting, here
to-day, at which addresses denying
the charge were delivered by several
leading priests ana ministers. * .
DENY RACE PREJUDICE.
ST. LOUIS, May 16.— In the case of
the Centaur Company of New, York
against the Palestine Drug Company
and John Bick of this city, pending »ln
the United States Circuit Court, an in
junction was issued this morning by
Judge Adams restraining the defend
ant company from selling "Castorla"
in a wrapper or label heretofore used
by it, which is declared to be an imi
tation of the Centaur Company's la
bel. The enjoined "label is substan
tially like that of the_ Centaur Com
pany, except that where the name
"Charles *H. : Fletcher" appears on the
genuine the defendant has inserted the
name "Alph Arthur," who "Is held to
be a fictitious person; " Vl
Imitators Enjoined Froni Using MJLs
leadlns Labels 'on - Castoria.
CENTAUR COMPANY WINS SUIT.
SEOUL, Korea, May 16, 9 p. m.—
Yi Chi YIng, the Korean envoy to
Japan to return the recent visit o£
Marquis Ito, arrived at . Chemulpo
from Japan to-day. He was greeted
by Korean officials.
Envoy From Korea Returns.
CHINA 15 XEUTRAIj.
Officials Declare That Government
Has Maintained a Strictly Proper
Attitude.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 16, 2 p. m.—
In order, to allay Russian apprehension
as to the attitude of China, the Chinese
Minister here has given Foreign Min
ister Lamsdorff fresh assurances of the
purpose of his Government not to vio
late its neutrality and to preserve
tranquility throughout the empire.
These assurances, which are based on
dispatches received from the Chinese
Foreign Office and Viceroy -Yuan Shi
Kai. commander in chief of the Chinese
forces, set forth in the most positive
terms that there is absolutely no
ground to believe that China will de
part from her proclaimed -attitude.
"While there has not been the slight
est fear that the peace of the empire
will be disturbed or that my Govern
ment would intervene in the war/*, said
the- Chinese Minister to the correspond
ent of the Associated Press, "it was
Etill deemed wise to communicate • to
Peking and Viceroy Yuan Shi Kai the
sensational rumors circulating- in Eu
rope." ..:;:.
The Chinese Foreign Offlce telegraph
ically reiterated that China -is deter
mined to continue to- observe the strict
est neutrality, giving' < its support
neither to Russia nor toMapan. •
"Viceroy Yuan Shi Kai telegraphed
that the rumors of impending uprisings
were without foundation- and assured
me that. a repetition of the Boxer re
volt of 1900 was impossible." '¦¦
The Minister was not advised of the
attack of the Governor of "Cheefow on
the coal mines at Port Adams. He
thinks the circumstances are most
misunderstood and that it will be
found that there was no intention to
commit an act of hostility against Rus
sia. Neither was the Minister Inform
ed of the reported Chinese attacks on
Russian troops in Manchuria,.' \ for
which, even if they occurred, China
could, not be .held responsible, as the
region is comprised in the theater of
war, which is specifically exempted
from Chinese Jurisdiction.
Heavy Battle Is Imminent.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— An inti
mation has reached the officials here
to the effect that, a great battle is im
minent in the vicinity of the Liaoyang,
where. the Russians are determined* to
make a stand. 'The rumor* cannot be
traced to its source. .
Transports Sighted and
Troops Supposed to
Be Landed.
The military occupation of Chinnampo
is' mostly in the European concession,
which lies on the right bank of the
Taidong River. Back of the conces
sion lies a considerable Korean village.
Swarms of ugly Koreans were hanging
about the narrow, dirty streets all day,
their principal interest seeming to cen
ter ln the various devices for gambling,
of which there were scores. . Most of
these were on the plan of the Chinese
game of dice from which the American
game . of chuck-luck was taken. An
other favorite Korean" game is more
utilitarian. Above a tray of little cakes
swings a small arrow, ; pivoted * in the
middle.- The "/ hungry gambler puts
down his coin and gives the * arrow a
spin. If it stops over a pile of cakes
be grabs, them and begins his meal. on
the spotl M If *it misses, aa'mdBt . of ten
This afternoon gangs of coolies were
busily piling up the boxes of Red Cross
supplies that formed a large part of the
cargo of the Suminoye Maru. A bat
tery of howitzers with their caissons
stands next to a line of pontoons and
between them sentries stand guard
over a great heap of ammunition.
Farther in there are some batteries of
field artillery, each carefully guarded,
with warning signs scattered about for T
bidding any one to touch the guns.
Still farther in there is an artillery
park, where all sorts of artillery sup
plies are stored.
All about the place lie heaps of huge
timbers ready to be worked up into
the . Bizea needed, and swarms of
Korean sawmen are busy_ at each pile,
slowly cutting the timbers into boards.
The method Is as primitive as it is
tedious. One end of a timber is raised
over a sawhorse to a height of several
feet. Two men work each saw. One
stands on top of the timber and the
other. sits on the ground underneath.
One stroke to the * half-minute, or
thereabouts, they draw the heavy saw
back and forth between them. When
the cut reaches the sawhorse the saw
is taken out and a new cut begun. A
piece of rope tied around the timber
keeps the board ends fastened together,
and when one end has been sawd up
the timber is reversed and the other
end cut. . By this means about one'and
a half timbers are cut into boards in a
day. . N
'M GAMBLING THE SPORT.
The seawall flanks a broad road well
built ud above the surrounding coun
try. Along this road a track has been
laid on which small cars may be run
by. hand to assist in getting stores and
supplies up from the beach. Where the
pier leads down to the water a hill
rises sharply from the beach, so that
there is only a narr*ow roadway, but a
little farther on the road opens on a
broad flat stretch aqd^ there the first
of many storehouses have been erected.
It has been the work of but a few days
to put up these storehouses, and al
ready some of them are well filled.
They are roughly constructed of thin
board sides, but roofed with corrugated
iron. , Along the roadway from the
landing are scattered piles of different
kinds of stores.
All the men immediately signified
their intention of traveling by " the
transport, and a small ship was char
tered by the canteen contractor to take
the Interpreters and baggage alflng.
We were instructed to take the Gov
ernment ship at Moji, and there we
went from Kobe In the little Nagata
Maru that does seven knots when wind,
tide and everything else favor and ties
up in some safe shelter when anything
goes the least. bit wrong.
At Moji the transport people prompt
ly told us that they expected to take
interpreters and all on the Suminoye
Maru. This decided change of attitude
was the first real indication that we
were getting^ forward and was an omen
that the beaurocratic tight rein that
had been held on us so long ln Tokio
would be eased off as as we reached
the scene of practical activities.
This was a good omen and to-day's
experience has borne It out. To be!
sure there has not been such a great
lot to see to-day that they will let
one describe. The town lies for the
most part in a little cleft between
steep hills covered with scrub pine.
It was low tide when our ship dropped
anchor and along th^shores stretched
broad flats of mud that ended in a
stout stone seawall. Along the wall
lay'dozens of sampans, nearly all new,
each numbered and marked to show
its capacity ln men or horses. Half a
dozen transports lay at anchor In the
river, and beyond them a small gun
boat. A pier made of large flat stones
laid on th-> mud leads down from the
seawall to the water, so that at low tide
the sampans may come In and dis
charge their cargo.
FILLING THE STOREHOUSES.
CHINNAMPO, Korea, Sunday, April
10, 1904— This begins to look as if we
were really getting toward the front.
I had begun , to suspect that there was
no such place in fact, but that Itv was
only a myth," but this' morning when
the Suminoye.Maru dropped her anchor
in the river here and I saw the hills that
fringe the place dotted with the camps
of soldiers and the valleys between
them filled with new warehouses I be-,
gan to think that there might be ' a
front after ¦ all, and that we were, on
the track of it. , Then when we got
ashore and the polite officer at head
quarters said we were at liberty to.^go
on as soon as our baggage got up it
seemed" quite convincing, for surely ' If
there were no place to which to go
how could we go to it?
We had been since Wednesday, the
6th, getting up from Mojl., There an
unexpected and pleasant surprise was
given to us. AH '^inquiries In Tokio
had elicited the same reply, which was
that when the men who were assigned
to the first army were finally permit.
ted to go- forward they would have to
find their own tranaporatlon to the
place of debarkation. The Government
offered, indeed, to take the men them
selves on a Government transport, but
without their interpreters and on'con
dition that they supply their own food
for the voyage.
TRAVEL OX TRANSPORT.
this morr.ins comment on what is be
lieved to W the precarious position cf
General Kuiopatkin, who is menaced
by the possibility, of the Chinese rebels
cutting his communications, as well as
by the difficulty of divining the Japa
nese plan of campaign.
The Standard, which is rather in
clined to be pro-Russian in its views,
admits that Kuropatkin has at his dis
posal almost 300,000 troops of inferior
quality, only 7D.000 of whom are avail
able for active operations, while Gen
eral Kuroki has 140.000 first-class
troops, the equal of those in European
armies.
"Under such conditions," the Stand
ard says, "the issue of the battle is
very seldom doubtful."
The Constantinople correspondent of
the Daily. Hail rends a report to the
effect that Kussla has suggested to
Turkey some scheme for capitalization
of the indemnity due by the latter for
Immediate payment to Russia as a
means of increasing the revenue for
>var purposes. %
On the hills to the westward of the
European concession the Japanese have
established several camps. Two or
three are of artillery, one is of trans
portation corps men, and one is of men
engaged in training animals for use in
the transportation service. The fine,
new schoolhouse, half way up the hill,
has been taken for a hospital, but is
not yet occupied.
It is in their horses that the Japa
nese are weakest. They are for the
most part thin, leggy little beasts, bad
tempered and ugly. A good many of
those here have already developed some
ailment or other. This afternoon I saw
a dozen or fifteen at one time brought
up to the veterinary for treatment. In
camp the horses are tied to picket lines
as in our army, but they stand near
enough to one another 'to make fighting
easy, and as they afe not heel-roped,
that is the main occupation. It is al
ways possible to see a couple of them
Industriously hammering away at eath
other with their heels. Farriers seem
to be plenty, and their field. outfit is
handy to carry. A bellows is Just a
wooden box about the size of an oil
case. A charcoal fire on the ground
serves for a forge, and the tools the
smith carries in his hands or pockets.
The weather is still cold, and across
the river there are plainly to be seen
mountain peaks covered with snow.
The frost is pretty well out of the
ground and soon the roads, which are
well-nigh impassible until the spring
thaw is over, will be settled. Then we
shall see. x
happens, he can only try again or j
philosophically go without.
Scores of curious little shops line the
streets. Many of them are kept by
Japanese, but a few of them are purely
Korean. -. They all keep a strange as
sortment of articles for sale, principally
cigarettes, of which each shop has mil
lions. They, are mostly of American
manufacture and Judging from the la
bels the tobacco trust must have work
ed off all its surplus stock for the last
•forty years upon the unsuspecting Ko
reans. Cigarettes are about the only
thing in <he tobacco line that these
shops do keep. Once in a while one
comes across a little plug or smok
ing tobacco, but the most .diligent
search failed to discover a single ci
gar.
The only evidences of willingness to
work that I saw on the part of the Ko
reans were given by a few men' fitfully
struggling with a clay bank Just, back
of the house where we are quartered,
and by the pack coolies who hung
about the landing place and wandered
through the streets. A Korean packer
is almost as good a load carrier as a
six-foot Mi&sourl mule. He rigs him
self out with a sort of pack saddle
fashioned of two sticks about three
feet long. These are bound together at
the top by a crosspiece lashed on with
flimsy cord made of twisted grass.
About a foot from the bottom another
crosepiece is similarly bound,- so that
the frame looks something like a let
ter H that has been knocked together
at the top. At right angles to the lower
crosspiece two arms are lashed, stand
ing out straight from the back of the
wearer. On these the load is lashed
fast by means of a line that runs from
the lower crosspiece up to the top one.
On one of these contrivances a '.husky
Korean will pack from 80 to 100 pounds
and tote it about comfortably all day.
- CA3IPS OF JAPANESE.
Japanese Said to Be
.Making Vigorous
Oscar King Davis of The Call Tells
of Picturesque Incidents.
REPORTS FROM SHANGHAI ARE
THAT SIEGE IS IN PROGRESS
Native Runners Say That Beleaguers
Are Storming Night and Day. s
MANY SHIPS
ARE GUNNING
STRONGHOLD
CORRESPONDENTS ALLOWED
TO PROCEED TO THE FRONT
COMBINED ATTACK ON PORT ARTHUR THREATENED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904.
arrested on board the British steamer
Cameross and another on board, a
German steamer. They are suspected
of being Japanese spies.
Customs Collector Stratton was re
quested yesterday by the Secretary of
the Treasury to give publicity to the
following warning issued by the au
thorities at Hakodate, Japan, to mas
ters of vessels intending to visit that
port:
'""VesseTs bound to this port must
stop outside of a line drawn one mile
from the outside of Hakodate Head
and running to one mile outside and
off Mussel Point and hoist their en
sign and number and wait until the
pilot steamer approaches and then
obey the signals of the latter regard-
Ing the courses steered.
"Any vessel that disregards the
above instructions and succeeds in
passing through the mines will be
liable to be' ordered to leave port; for
suchlength of time aa the naval of
ficer in command of the pilot steamer
Secretary of the Treasury Warns Ship
pers to Observe One-Mile limit.
HAKOPATE IS BARRED.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DH. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
There are a great tcany htmgrv hearted
jromea who would attend a baby sale if
babies T^re ever offered for sale, because
there «re a jjreat many wives who love
Clpldren and have been told by, phySl-"
rians that they can never hope to curse
» child cf their own,
Sotne of tbess women who have used
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription for the
rnre of womanly ills have been made
happy mothers as a result of the cure o(
«romanly disease and the building tip of
the general health.
Doctor Pierce'3 Favorite Prescription
makes weak vroruca strong and sic*
women -well. It establishes regularity,
dries weakening drains, heals inflamma-
tion and nlceratiou- and cures female
weakness.'"-
•I wrote to yo« cone time ago to pet informa-
tion about my c*»e." sari Mr«. Mary Lee Flin-
ary.-cf Drvdea, Va. "I was troubled with
Ictnale wetVness aad palss. Rfccived asswci
from voa. adrudng; tae to take Dottor Plerce'i
Favorite .Prescription and 'Golden Medical Dl*-
cxjTcry." I took two bottles of ' Favorite Pre-
•cripuoa' and found it did me pood. I had
been married four years - nd had no children ;
sow l can aay that' our bouse is blessed with a
lit:> baby boy. bora July xctU. by the help of
O* I and your mediant I praise your median*
hiKbly. •
• Ycu can publish this letter if ymi wish."
Free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on receipt
of stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send «2i one-cent stamps for the book in
paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
bound volume. Address Dr. 1L. V. Pierce,
fiuSalo H. Y./
•©•©©©©©ee©©©oo©©e©«®©©©*o©©©e€sooo©©»©®s®9 # 2
I 818-820 Market St. ' San i rancisco g
I Special Announcement |
§ "There's Somethino; Doing To- Vorrov/" &
g Hereafter, until further notice, every Wednesday will be a o
O "Double Day." Come in and see what it tmans. It's g
© a benefit to all purchasers. 9
© 1ADIES' KIMONAS. / SHIBT WAISTS. •
O Made of colored lawn, pointed We are second to no "® i°.',!l£ii a
A sleeves, also pointed front and back. quality and price. NOllCb..— a f>
2 Special ...-:...: -..45c shirt waist set given with each Q
S lADIES' PETTICOATS, j ? shirt waist " n __ g
¦ 0s, Made of fast black mercerized . GLOVES. «»
O sateen. Special .80C Kayser Gloves, all sizes. Spe- C
a ' ll& body and hood. f o 1 d i n b Go Q
2* iwi ffiS* patent nutless X «- " r t w 1 t n q
iywifT rubber tired \ \ pressed steel _
• S r e . b^Vo^ Pe o a ». U aif t r he'^° <3i§\\f §
1 • ufacturer had at a big discount and M^VOI week - s P e . c , 1< JJ- «
O propose to let you have the benefit. Vy 1/ t*T"^ " ''v ' V thVr a
© Every carriage guaranteed perfect. -Jt*-/ «»5i«« tn «o X
© While they last' the price is... S9.85 , „ . . , * 1 **
I © AKOTHEB m OPENEB. lo& £& «"*" ?g " ' g
|2 Note These Titles. $2.C0 HAMMOCKS, SI. Ii5- - ©
I* $1.60 COPYRIGHT PICTIOH 7oC h _, Colored©
** It will pay you to visit our Book *^*T\ cotton, 38.x A
© Department. The following are only 'v^*A»«ml* «*Zp&*£ SO open t%
© a few of the good things we have to I' j weave fan- *i
© offer of copyright fiction published «o, g&cj&agS^ » <¦ y 'j. <¦ t- Jf
© at $1.50 and on sale at 75c Mailttma^ terns with 5?
• 5£ e -?f re , y 5. 1 K aktb^ M^ 1 ?^ spreader and foot bar. pillow and ©
©' ?T h l Ma .l n Ch ance i by r Nicholson. wide nuted valance. A $2.00 value. ©
2 Under the Rose, by Isham. on sa j e SI "% ©
• w £. en . Knl B nthood Was ln Flower. N^ te ' iuls " 'one.'— Elegant Mar- ©
/J T^fc h Christian. CorellL j^SSE^WS^ffiiSSg g
W Darrel of the Blessed Isles. Bachel- fast colorinKS> tufted lay-back pil- ©
5! r™_ Vtt .. m *j»i « i -, „, low. spreader, head and foot bars *v
© The Ward of King Canute. Lil Jen- and handsome fluted wide valance, g
g TSjf L eif the Lucky. Llljen- %^^^. . - |
5 Dorothy' South, by Eggleston. „ , M ¦ PAPEB. o
5 Sir Richard Calmady. by Malet Shelf. 5-yd. pieces, all colors, g
© . Dorothy Vernon, by Majors. Regular 5c, special. . • ; .?c, 2 for o c **
• Redemption of David Corson, by NAPJLXZTS. X
• Goss. • Good quality, fancy, fine for picnic w
© Children of Destiny, by Seawell. lunches; sold everywhere for 75c O
© No second-hand or shop-worn books. a thousand. Our special price. .30c «3>
© j' ¦ ¦ ; ©
© INIVES, BAZOBS AND SHEABS GBOT72TD AlIB REPAIRED. £
© PICTUBE PBAMES OP ALIi DESCRIPTIONS HADE TO OBDEB. |*
cooeQOcaoeeooooecocooeooeoeooooeooooQooocaoso
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
oeooocooooooocooeooooceeoco^poooooooooeoooooo
o . -• - ,-— — %
S 7 .O
X If you don't feel right I O
sf v can cure you •with my Elec- O
jj- -=^-, f t \ trie Bert. If you are weak, I Q
a- *v "" \ can ina ' co you 8tron K- If yva. (%
5jJ --^' jR \>, \ J^ [ \ 1 \ same house, and I prove it O
2 I^£&\m V J Ir - t 5 "* 0 - M - Curtis. I>Ivir.»- Q
O {iwV^va *~-r- J '•^7 «ton, Cal.. wrlt-s: I aurTpreJ -v
9 6ff*$»r^ '^•r ** with chronic lam* back for *r
O BB fflt ''1 v *¦•»*_, '^=—~^ y^^ y«*rs. I am pleased to say that "
Z ¦ BnHr " I ; VV *~^*>^ -<r <4f^.*J aU?r three months' us? of your ©
*' SMI V K - • *W Bl?tt l am completely cured and 0
5 By '^^ * J&MFrSBSbHf x - ** were not for tlie pre- Q
O Ef A^ ,| f &^$i!&2&f ludioe due to the srreat aum- o
• 0 i3oM&EH&&k&¥ would not d« able to Haadla £>
© ® M&izQgE&ati S^HmSrV **• business that would ©
Q 1 com* to me. Tha "7rae *f
S Jisk not free at all. have Bud* O
S SS&raSa^^ -ZTo///\RviSS8S3lSf?BS5H •?•nr one skeptical, but I f»
o < G£^Sg>*^ know t*»t x have * xoo a a
G >*£> x - thiar. and 111 hammer away S
Q - u»tU you know it. J?
• ~^ One thinr every man ought to know is this: four body Is a machine. Jr
© It is run by the steam in your blood and nerves. "When you begin to break •
O down in any way you are out of steam. That's Just what I want to *ive ©
a you back. . ©
A - Mr. John O'Brien, 1433 Fifth at.. Oakland, Cal., wrKes: I sti.f er»d Intensely from 9
A very severe lumbaeo. Planter* and medlcln* affordeir no relief.~~ After uslnz your 9
J? Belt for nine days my pains were gone and I have bean free from suffering ever since f)
5 I nave a cure ln every town. Tell me where yon live and 111 arlve you ©
2 the name of a man I've cured. 0
x Tell me your trouble and I'll tell you honestly whether I can cure you ©
2 or not If I can't cinre you, I don't want your money. I have been in this a
• business twenty-two years, and am the biggest man in It to-day by long Y.
0 odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every man all he pays for. ~i
O Now wouldn't you rather wear my life-sivinff appliance while you sleep •
Q every nl?ht and feel its slowing warmth pouring into you. and feel your- ©
Q self taking on a new lease of life with each application, than to clog your #
2- Intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely. Try me. q
S Mr James Cuyler. Reno. Nev.. wrl'es: I har* used your Electric Belt and can A
Si • truthfully say that It has cured roe of was supposed to be a hopeless case of A
• lame back. 1 am now ln perfect health and the credit Is due to your treatment. ' g
5 If y° u wlu come and see me I'll explain to you. If you can't call, let ' £?
• roe send my book, full of the things a man finds inspiring t* strength and X
' • courage. Freo it you send this ad. • "2
1dr.m. c. Mclaughlin, ** KSiSiSSrs? 11 * §
© Office Hours— 8 a. m- to 8 p. m.: Sundays. 10 U» 1. .; O
O»«©O«©wd9«9O«CO©««0©w©«O«OOOOOOOO«©OO*«O9OOOCaptain B. Gilboy of the oil steam
ship Argyll, plying between San Fran
cisco and Honolulu, spent last week at
the fair. He was especially interested
in the Transportation building and was
carried back to the California metrop
olis when he saw one of the old cars
used on the first Clay street hill cable
line. Worn with years, it is an inter
esting relic of the earlier days of San
Francisco and the conquering of the
steep grades by mechanical Ingen
uity.
Alaska Is the mystery land of this
exposition. It stands as the newest
El Dorado and man's ear will ever
hark to the magic whisper, "Gold," and
the tales of hairbreadth 'scapes and
adventure that are coupled vrtth it. Not
a kodak fiend misses the totem poles
and the weird things are being "snap
ped" all day long.
On the night of the 19th Governor
Brady and Mrs. Mary E. Hart, hostess
of the building, will lecture before the
East St. Louis Lodge of Elks and
friends of the members, the subject
of the Governor being "Southeast Alas
ka, an Ideal Country for the Man of
Moderate Means," and of Mrs. Hart,
"Reindeer Farming in the Land of the
Midnight Sun." Exalted Ruler Kramer
of this lodge of Elks was formerly
Mayor of Eagle City.
Mrs. Hart is preparing a circular let
ter to be sent to the various Alaska
papers correcting some erroneous state
ments that have been made regarding
Alaska at the fair. The most serious of
these is that discrimination is used In
distributing literature of transportation
companies. Mrs. Hart says literature
of every legitimate company will be
distributed without especial favor to
any. The statement made in a St.
Louis paper that the »erectlon of th*
tctem poles cost $300 each, and which
has shaken Alaska from Sitka to the
north pole, is also corrected. The total
cost of erecting all the twenty- two
poles was $300, and it would have cost
even less had the Esquimaux here be
longed to the totem p«le elevators' un
ion. The amount paid is reasonable
and the poles are firmly in place.
Henry Longton, special agent of the
Irish Hill Development Company,
whose. properties are at Simrock, twen
ty miles north of Nome, Is here in the
interest of his company. This is said to
be • one of the richest properties la
Californians are beginning to arrive
in larger numbers. Among others now
in St. Louis are John F. Willard and
wife, Mrs. J. F. Walters, J. Frank Wal
ters and Dr. Anna D. Joost of San
Francisco, Mrs. J. S. Knox and Mrs.
W. H. Mann of Colton, and Mrs. . R.
A. Hall of Monrovia.
never fails to set forth the beauties of
his home State.
CALIFORXIAXS ARRIVING.
Morocco Sultan Loses Troops.
PARIS, May 16. — According to a
dispatch from Lalla Marinla, Algeria,
the followers of the Moroccan •„ pre
tender recently attacked the Sultan's
troops near Ujda and the former were
repulsed after severe fighting. Fifty
of the Sultan's troops were killed. Th«
rebels' losses are said to have been
heavier.
Germans Reduce Steel Bounty.
COLOGNE, May 16.— The German
steel combination has reduced the ex
port bounty of 15 marks, as hitherto
fixed by the association for the manu
facture of half finished steel, to 12*i
marks, instead of to 10 marks per
ton, as was reported previously. The
reduction will go Into effect in the
third quarter of 1904.
May 2S, commencement exercises at 10
a. m. In the evening the beautiful his
torical drama of "Father Garnett." the
English martyr, dealing with the perse
cution of the church in England and the
plot to blow up the houses of Parlia
ment. Railroad rates, round trip $1.
Train leaves, broad and narrow sauge. at
8:15. Returning can take 4:30, 3:45 or
11:00 p. m. •
Santa Clara College.
LONDON*. May 1C. — Neither the
Foreign Office nor the Brazilian Min
ister fcere has any information in re
gard to the stopping of a British ship
at Manaos, on the Amazon River, May
13, by the Brazilian authorities be
cause she had on board ammunition
intended for the Peruvians. # The For
eign Office does not anticipate that the
incident will necessitate any Ferious
protest.
r.iiii-li l'oreigro Office Not Alarmed.
For a time it looked as if the culture
anci the educational progress of Cali
fornia was not to receive the fullest
exposition at the World's Fair. It
was almost decided that the State Uni
versity at Berkeley was not to be rep
resented. The installation of exhibits
In the Education and Social Economy
building began and the California Uni
versity had no place there. Then
President Wheeler decided he wanted
space and an energetic movement was
begun to secure it. Fortune seems to
favor California here and besides the
fair officials, knowing her reputation
for making handsome displays, are
quite willing to encourage her. Even
at the late date the university secured
one of the best spaces to be had. It
is the vestibule, 40x40 feet in dimen
sions. In the northeast corner of the
building, and is one of the main en
trances. Visitors passing through it
are confronted by the State's main
educational display, so the two are
thus fortunately made contiguous.
The material for the display pos
sessed by the university is said to be
of a superior quality and of sufficient
UNIVERSITY'S DISPLAY.
"Mr. Filcher has been coming down
here and 'butting in' by giving the
men orders when I am not around.
Many things done under his orders I
have had to undo. He should always
have spoken to me as chief of the de
partment. The commissioners should
follow the plans of generals in the
army and not give orders over the
heads of their department chief.
"Bad weather and railroad delay
made much of the material late in ar
riving. Filcher told Nevada County,
which will have the handsomest dis
play here, not to s=hip, as there would
be no room. I told the county to send
on its exhibit and I would make room
for it.
"The borax exhibit, which Is com
ing from New York, is not here yet.
I expect it by the 20th. We will have
a fine mining display and it will be
ready as soon as most of the others."
Commissioner Filcher sticks to his
statement that Aubury should have
been here early and says the mineral
ogist is not a success at installation.
"Everything has been topsy turvy
in the mining department," he said,
"and I thotight we never would get a
mining display. I've had to spend a
lot of my time there and I can't be
everywhere at once. If I hadn't
been there I don't know where the
mining displav would have been."
The lapidilite column and grotto
standing in the center of California's
mining display and designed by Mr.
Aubury is a beautiful creation.
-This display will only cost $12,000.
I went out and secured nearly all the
material free of charge, thus saving
the State a great outlay.
SAYS FILCHER "BUTTS IX."
independent position than they like
to see me. When it conies to official
rank I think I am a little bit higher
in our State than Mr. Filcher. Ever
since the commission has been ap
pointed it has been antagonistic to the
chief of the mining department.
"When I demanded an explanation
of Mr. Filcher he simply said, 'You
should have been here two weeks ear
lier.* I was here in plenty of time if
the material had reached here
promptly. My duties held me in San
Francisco. Then I was delayed
through failure on the part of per
sons promising to furnish two courses
of stone for the arch to keep their
promise. I had to go out and get that
stone elsewhere at the last minute.
Theodore J. Richardson, the Alaska
artist, is arranging an art display in a
room set apart for that purpose. Velvet
carpets, hardwood furniture and the
rich yellow cedar finish give the inte
rior of the Alaskan building a luxurious
appearance. Superintendent Marvin,
sent here from Washington to take
charge, has established his headquar
ters in the building.
Alaska should receive especial atten
tion in the San Francisco building, that
the city may reap its share of the
transportation business the exhibit at
the fair will produce. The steamship
companies should be liberal in this
" Among other Alaskans here are F. E.
Fuller of Nome: Herman Weig, Skag
way, a director of the White Pass Rail
road: Anton Klein and wife, Nome;
John W. Scott, Dawson: Mr. and Mrs.
Mary Oldbaum, Solomon; Mr. and Mrs.
C. O. Kittleson. Nome; L. A. Davis,
Dyea: W. A. Reid of the Tread well
mine and president of the Young Men's
Christian Association; Mrs. M. H. Mc-
Clellan, Skagway; George B. Thomas,
Dawson; John TV. Dally, Fort Cudahy,
and Mrs. Louis L. Williams and daugh
ter. Mrs. Williams is the sister-in-law
of Walter Williams, a prominent
World's Fair official.
ALASKA TO THE FORE.
Alaska and is expected to yield millions
when water reaches it. A ditch is now
being constructed. Mr. Longton is
arousing quite an excitement over the
property with the reports and speci
mens he shows.
matter. Well written and well illus
trated folders should be sent on.
The first cherries seen here this sea
son were received by Sacramento Coun
ty on the 11th. They had been on the
road ten days and were not in the best
condition. They were shipped from
Courtland.
ONE OF THE IXTZTRESTINO
COUNTY EXHIBITS AT THE ST.
LOUIS EXPOSITION'.
"I won't say that the State commis
sioners have any animosity toward
me, but they seem to dislike the idea
that I am an employe of the State
and not of theirs. The act creating
the commission says the State Miner
alogist shall have charge of the min
ing display. Z am probably In a more
"I have demanded an explanation of
Mr. Filcher and am preparing a state
ment to be published," said Mr. Au
bury- "All the State exhibits are be
hind, as are nearly all the exhibits at
the fair, and there is no reason why
the mining department should be sin
gled out. Why. the California build
ing wasn't opened till two weeks after
the first.
AUBURY MAKES REPLY.
In th* space ret apart for the Sacramento
VaJley counties there are four or five carloads
of case*, etc.. but net a lick has been struck
toward the Installation. Buck, Green and Will*
are here and promise to b»gin work to-morrow,
but they won't, because it requires a day or
two to E?t out lumber, nails, etc., to work with.
Cut if they etart !n vigorously to-morrow the
best that can be said Is that they are a good
month behind. Since before I left California,
four weeks ago, we have been trying to push
them Into action, but from causes not clear
they have been slow in getting started. I have
been giving some of my time helping to plan
their Installation, and if not cramped for means
to put it up properly they have some good ma
terial and can yet make a good showing. The
delay of the counties has worried the commis
sion a good deal, as California has the reputa
tion of generally being ready; but in this case
the Indifference of some of the counties which
the sommlMioner* can't control Is 'going to re
flect on the State's good name and Is going to
hurt us In the matter of awards, as all mate
rial not in place on the opening day will lore
points In the final summing up of merit.
We are also behind In our mining exhibit.
Mr. Aubury knows \"ery little about installation
work and the commissioner* have been so much
In demand In the different departments thot
they couJd r.ot until the last week rive him as
ir.uch time as he needed. The work Is now
going on more eatiffactcrlly and will be rushed
MS rapidly as possible.- We ar* tupposed to
have the goods and we have tho space — more
than any other State — and If we can get a sat
isfactory mining Installation we will yet make
a showing in this department equal to our
merJU. If wo don't, it will not be the fault
of the coramitsion. as we are allowing Mr. Au
bury more money for the mining exhibit — con
siderably more— than will be expended in any
other department.
Finally. Mr. Kdltor. ear to «J1 the other ed
itor: not to come here before the latter part of
May. There are lots of exhibitors further be
hind than California, and if you come on th«
13;h. as suggested, you will see very little for
your money. J. A. FILCHER.
GREEN IS CKITICIZED.
In general embellishments Mi?»ouri takes the
lead, as she had a million dollars of State
money and has epent it liberally In decorative
installation. Her facaue* alone in the agricult
ural building cost $2s.000. while California 1 *
facades around a much larger space in the
feame building cost about $3000. and yet the
difference !a rot discreditable to our State.
There is something In knowing how to do these
things so as to get the. best results with the
least outlay. I rejrpet to say that we will not
nearly be ready In the agricultural building on
the opening day. It Is here the counties are
located, and some of them seem almost crimi
nally Indifferent. N*ar!y all the southern
counties have their exhibits in plate, and San
Joaquin County Is practically complete. Santa
Clara is next with Its work, and then in order
come Alameda. Contra Cr.na. Fresno, Kings,
San Luis Obispo and Monterey.
Ed. Herald: If this reaches you in time, and
I presume It will, you can publish it in your
lssu» of the rame date of the formal opening
of this the bi(?gesi exposition ever held In the
world. To tell your readers of the situation in
detail would be more than I can undertake,
but I can give you some idt-a of the position of
California and how it is Iiktly to show up oa
the opening day.
The State building is practically completed.
The furniture is htre and it will be put In
place in time to open the building to the public
on the day of the opening of the fair. Owing
to the risk of bringing tender plants here too
early, ours are just arriving and some of them
will no doubt have to be set out after the fair
oi^ns. OtherwlM- cur walks are made and our
grounds are in fairly good hhape.
Our forestry- exhibit will be practically com
pleted when Roosevelt touches the button that
will start the machinery for the fair next Sat
urday, or about the time your readers will be
perusing this letter. The Eame is true of our
educational exhibit and of our horticultural ex
hibit. These three are State features and un
der the personal direction of the commission.
No effort has been spared to have them ready.
I can say also that in each of these depart
ments California Is roing to make a very
creditable showing. IVe have reached that
ttace now in which comparisons can be made,
and the comparison of California's showing In
the departments named with what others have
thus far exposed brings no blush to the proud
and exacting Californian.
ST. LOUIS. April 2i
FILCHERS CAUSTIC LETTER.
ST. LOUIS, May 16. — An article
published in the Auburn Herald of
April 30 over the signature of J. A.
Filcher. one of the California Commis
sioners to the World's Fair, in which
the heads of departments and the
County Commissioners are criticized,
has created a commotion among
these gentlemen. Some are angry and
some laugh at it as a joke. State Min
eralogist Lewis Aubury thinks he has
been picked out as the chief object of
attack and he is very angry. He de
manded an explanation of Mr. Filcher
and is preparing a statement in de
fense. The article follows:
the Viceroy of India, and Lady Cur
zon arrived in London to-day and had
* great reception. Premier Balfour
onfi other Ministers and many relatives
and friends of Lord ar.d Lady Curzon.
including Henry White, the secretary
of the United States embassy, crowded
the railroad station. Lord Curzon
drove directly to Buckingham Palace,
where he had an audience with King
Edward. The Viceroy received a
h<?arty welcome from the crowds along
the rout?.
Viceroy of India and His Wife Ar
rive in the Capital of Kin?
I>l\vard.
Mar 16. — Lord Curaon,
Charles M. Hays, who for a brief
period following the death of C. P.
Huntington was president of the
Southern Pacific Company, with
offices- in San Francisco, but is
now. president of the Grand Trunk road
of Montreal, is visiting the fair. In
company with T. S. Cunningham, the
telegraph superintendent. Mr. Hays
visited the California display. He was
genuinely pleased with it and took
the same pride in the display that a
Califcrrnian would. "The State has a
great future," he said, "and her devel
opment will be rapid from this on. It
Is toward California that Eastern mon
ey and Eastern farmers who want new
homes, are looking largely now. The ex
hibits made at this fair will be of great
benefit to California, for they, are of a
nature that educate and impress."
Mr. Cunningham is one of the Cali
fornians who is doing the State : good
here. He Is of genial and accommodat
ing disposition and an intelligent con
versationalist and meets - many people
of: influence and wealth, to whom he
Commissioner Harris made a tour of
inspection and found that the corn
grown in other States, even including j
Kansas and Missouri, is no better than
that of the Golden State, and that few
equal California in the smaller cereals.
"Many of the farmers*on the Eastern
prairies who look to corn and the other
cereals to bring them wealth," said
Mr. Harris, "may admire our beautiful |
fruits and even think longingly of the
land where they are grown, but are
likely to say, 'I don't know anything
about growing fruit, and besides I
can't wait for something to come in
while the trees .ire maturing; 1 guess
I'd better stay here where I know there I
is money in alfalfa and corn and hogs.'
We in California know that all the ce
reals can be grown there in the great
est quantities, but that it pays better to
use a great deal of the land for more
valuable crops. The Eastern farmer
who may desire to go to California
should be taught that he can grow al
falfa and corn and raise cattle and
hogs there better than he can In the
East and that he can have a steady in
come from these while gradually ac
quiring orchards and vineyards if he de
sires to grow the more valuable pro
ducts. Oranges and grapes will not al
ways appeal to the farmer who is
aware that his knowledge is greatest
about corn and livestock. All settlers
can embark in any line of farming they
desire in California, and I think it is
wisdom to teach them this. Many
Easterners have been greatly surprised
at seeing the corn Kings County grows
and have said they didn't know such
could be raised successfully In the
State." )¦
The State Commissioners hoped to
make a cereal display, but found no
room for it. They may yet make such
an exhibit.
W. N. Harris, the Kings County
Commissioner, believes in showing the
practical Eastern farmers something of
the agricultural products which have
been their stay and backbone, just to
illustrate to them that those things
grow as abundantly in California as
they do elsewhere. His is the only
county making a special display of
corn and grains, and as Kings stands
near the center of the California space,
this display serves for the whole State.
In it are shown dent and milling corn,
wheat, barlty, rye oats and broom and
Egyptian corn. These are arranged in
square columns and on the upper part of
the central structure of the Kings dis
play. Corn fourteen feet high stands
against the columns and ears fourteen
Inches long are shown. Alfalfa is also
exhibited.
KINGS COUNTY CORN*.
hibit is ready
quantity to make a splendid showing.
There is $5000 on hand for installation.
$4000 given by the regents and $1000 by
the commissioners. The exhibit is
expected here any day. It is thought
its installation will be superintended
by Professor Galen Howard, the uni
versity architect, and that he will be
assisted by several of the students.
The central figure will be a relief map
of the university grounds.
The exhibit should be very handsome,
if installed in conformity with the spa
cious vestibule, and the alumni of
California's world famous university
who visit the fair will doubtless be
proud of the display made by their
alma mater. As work has not begun,
it will be June at least before the ex-
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
'. DENVER. May 16.— The most in
tensely bitter political campaign in the
•history of this city closed to-night and
to-mcrrow a full city ticket, the first
under the new charter, will be voted
en. as well as propositions for refund-
Ing the bonded and floating indebted
ness of the city and the Issuance of
bonds for the erection of an auditor
ium.
During the campaign even* daily
newspaper in the city has been array
ed "against the Democratic ticket head
,ed by Robert A. Speer for Mayor.
Fpeer is charged with being the "ma
chine" man. John W. Springer, for
merly president of the National Live
Stock Association, heads the Republi
can ticket.
The most interesting feature of the
campaign has been the court proceed
ings which wound up to-day with the
elections commission, consisting of two
Democrats and one Republican, being
ha'ulrd before the Supreme Court for
alleged violation of its order concern
ing the dcliver>- of the judges' booKs.
The court ordered a redelivery of the
books in certain instances.
A delegation of Republicans called
on Mayor Wright to-day and demand
ed that he ask the Governor to order
nut the military to-morrow. The
Mayor, who is a Republican, refused
to respond to this demand, saying that
in his opinion the police authorities
would be amply able to cope with any
trouble that may arise.
LONDON* CROWDS GIVE
CTRZOX WARM GREETING
The parlor off the foyer of the hotel
has been set apart as the "quiet , room,"
to be devoted exclusively to those who
wish to study their Bible in seclusion.
The college room is gayly bedecked.
There are pennants, unique posters and
pillows. Among the colors are: The
blue and white of the University of
Nevada; purple and gold of Whittier
College; black and gold of Occidental
College; yellow and white of the Uni
versity of Montana; blue and white of
Pomona College; blue and gold of Ber
keley; red and gold of the University
of Southern California; red and white
of the State Normal at Chico, and the
cardinal of Stanford University.
The exhibits of the University of
California and Pomona College. in the
foyer of the hotel have received addi
tions to-day by many interesting dis
plays of photographic work, posters,
pen and ink drawings and work of the
Y. W. C. A. from Chico State Normal
School, Whitman College of Walla
Walla, Occidental College of Los An
geles, Stanford University, University
of Washington, University of the Pa
cific. Oregon State Normal School at
Ashland, Pacific University, Forest
Grove, Oregon; JleMinnville Cqllege.
University of Southern California,
Whittier College and the Seattle and
Los Angeles City Associations.
R. L. Taylor of- Independence, Ohio,
commenced a Bible study on the
"Prophets of the Old Testament" and
Mary A. Page, Bible director of the
University of California, spoke on the
"Acts and the Epistles."
This evening Miss Bertha Conde o'f
New York City was the speaker at the
platform meeting. There was quite an
increase in the attencance to-day.
Among the new-comers was Miss The
resa "Wilbur of Berkeley of the State
committee. ,
SANTA CRUZ. May 16.— The cardin
al of Stanford University was In evi
dence this afternoon at the Students'
Conference at Capitola, The young
ladies of the university were hostesses
at a reception given by them to the
delegates of all the other leading edu
cational Institutions along: the Pacific
Coast. The reception was held under
the spreading branches of the large live
oak trees in beautiful Glen Beulah.
The young women were attired in the
college colors and from their gowns
were streamers and ribbons of the deep
cardinal. It was the first special func
tion of the conference and for the time
being Hotel Capitola was empty.
The programme was informal. Each
one in attendance had pinned to her
waist a card upon which was her name
and the institution she attends. ,
The morning was devoted to a num
ber of conferences. Miss Ruth Paxton
of Chicago spoke relative to "Inter
collegiate "Work." At the same hour
Miss Helen Barnes of Chicago spoke
on "Association Work In Cities." One
of the most interesting conferences at
tended by the entire assemblage was
the missionary conference presided
over by Miss Elizabeth Cole, State sec
retary of Illinois.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
First Municipal Ticket Un
der the New Charter Is to
Be Voted For To-Day
Pretty Scene Is Presented
When Students Wearing
the College Colors Meet
CARDINALS HOSTESSES
WARM CAMPAIGN CLOSES
Mayor of the Colorado City
Befuses to Order Out
the Militia at Election
Conference Work at Capitola
Is Varied by an Elab
orate Open-Air Function
Fair Commissioner-Filcher Says Mineralogist Aubury
and Department Heads Ar§ Responsible, for the
Delay in the Installation of the State Exhibits
DENVER VOTERS
DEMAND TROOPS
CO-EDS GIVE
A RECEPTION
MERRY ROW ENLIVENS CALIFORNIA
COLONY AT THE WORLD'S EXPOSITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. MAY. 17, 1904.
3
ADVXBXISEMENTS.
For Strenuous Life |
it is necessary to have your system in j
good working order — to have an energy 1
born of perfect health and strength — j
it is imperative that each organ be i
kept ia free action, and BEECHAM'S j
PILLS are foremost of the few things !
that will do it.
For Active Brains
your liver must be right, your stomach
in a healthy condition and your kidneys ;
properly performing their peculiar i
functions, or your body won't stand
the strain and your brain won't be \
active- If you would have a clear
head and keen perception, get a box
of EEECHAM*S PILLS, use them and
see how much more alive you will be. \
For Perfect Health
there is no greater promoter than these
famous Pills. You will find it so all
over the world, and, mark you, the
most perfect spwnmens of manhood,
womanhood and childhood are the
users of
Sold Everywhere
In Boxes, lOc. and 25c
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
To make man better, makr
trade better. To make track
better, make goods better.
Schilling's Best:
taat bOd=j .pe^rfT tpkfli
otfftm <U»wiaf extract wd»
Your grocer's; money back
ATnTprftTTgreM w nth.
ADVEBTISE^TENTa.
pffi^^.g*jByf - tmt '- t •¦¦*-*£* t **^ Kwy y--k v - ' i
f^^tjV^Hf ¦"¦"»¦;"'- Wade from a splendid quality all-wool ¦^tt^-?-'-- J
KsBpEs|8w worsted yarn in plain or ribbed stitching. tajlR Xii>:-"-St
|?S?v£l|Jw but the tops come in various color com- 18^: *^ v '|
rSgajIgfl binations of stripes, figures and dots. \ir - p \'.i
1*^&0sSm The colors are absolutely fast and the ISf* ¦-, j
HI'^SKJr^ knittina: is properly done. The hose will PhKS,. /-^*:.f1
Egl|gyr hold their color and shape. j
I^^^B strap under the instep. US
We made a large purchase of these BH»
hose direct from the makers. This fortu- /J
nate buy and a little sacrifice on our part enables ns to sell l|
these $1.50 hose for 85c. ' , HI
Out-of-to-vn orders HUed — write us. |i
SftWOOPsCO I
740 Market Street, |
PRESIDENT POLK'S NIECE
SAYS:
"PE-RU-NA IS WOMAN'S FRIEND."
I IH§I y^Xh MifJiMiNNiE- i^Hl
IP/^' ' U-E(bLLn£r '*|
Minnie Lee Collins of Tennessee says Peruna cured her of female trouble
after the best physicians had failed.
Mrs. Minnie Lee Collins, grandniece ot the late President James K. Polk,
writes from 912 High Street, Nashville. Tenn.:
"for several years I experienced a severe attack of female trouble. The best
physicians prescribed for me. but without avail. Two years ago I began to take Pe-
runa at the advice of a friend. I noticed a perceptible improvement at once; after
taking several bottles I was cured. I hold Peruna in high esteem and am always
ready to say a good word lor it."— U INN IE LEE COLLINS.
This is the same old story told by a Peruna Is a wonder-worker in femala
thousand women in a thousand different diseases and yet the explanation of it is
ways. Female trouble; doctors fail to simple. Catarrh Is the cause of these
cure; Peruna, as a last resort, a happy troubles. Peruna cures the catarrh. Tho
relief from a dreary servitude to aches, cause being removed the symptoms «!i3-
pains and a complication of physical an- appear,
guish that can never be described.
„. „ . „ .. „ If you do not receive prompt and sat-
These women all tell the same story, 'isfactory results from the use of Perur.a.
Pains all gone. Dragging sensations write at once to r,^ Haxtman. giving a
gone Quivers and throbbings and full statement of yorjr case and he will
tremblings and dizziness and nausea and D e pleased to sjive you his valuable ad-
the irregularities and painful periods — V j Ce gratis,
all gone. In their place has come vigor
and vivacity, health and hope, peace and Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
patience, grace and gratitude. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.no_textno_textrow the whole country will know how
it was done, and it cannot possibly
neutralize the Hearst Waterloo in the
initial ballot.
"The whole country now knows that
Hearst is thoroughly discredited by.
the true Democrats of California and
that any apparent sentiment hereafter
manifested in the convention in his
favor will be manufactured and ob
tained by corrupt methods."
SANTA CRUZ. May 16.— The follow
ing resolution was presented to the
committee on platform to-night by Wil
liam Denman of San Francisco:
"Whereas, William R. Hearst, a mil
lionaire, born in this State, has devoted
his capital and energies to the develop
ment of a sensational journalistic en
terprise; and,
"Whereas, Pursuant to his policy to
increase the circulation of his papers
by appealing to the most easily satis
fied lusts of men — envy and' malice— he
has denounced and viciously cartooned
and caricatured the most distinguished
leaders of our party in this State and
nation; and; >
".Whereas,. On the ¦ second defeat ¦ of
Special Dispatch to Tim Call.
RESOLUTIONS ARE PRESENTED
IN DENUNCIATION OF HEARST
BALLOT OF THE CONVENTION
SHOWS ANTI-HEARST FEELING
To-morrow the visitors will inBpect
the California building and the various
State exhibits, which are now nearly
completed. The California Press As
sociation members are also enjoying
the fair and attending the National
Editorial Association, now gathered
here.
did no sight-seeing. A gentle spring
rain, which began this morning after
a long spell of balmy sunshiny weath
er, made the fair grounds unpleasant
and besides the members of the party
were tired after the trip.
The Californians were met at the
Union station by Commissioner Filcher
and George'C. Roeding. The train was
due at 7:30, but did not arrive until
1:30. Secretary Fletcher had wired
ahead for rooms and the members of
the party were driven directly to their
hotel, where they were visited by some
of the Californians already here and
made to feel at home. "V.vX-
busines and platform, similarly con
stituted, were authorized upon motion
of C. W. Pendleton of Los Angeles and
Senator G, R. Lukens of Alameda.
PRESIDENTS .MESSAGE. -
The following telegram from Presi
dent Roosevelt was read amid great
enthusiasm and the reading was fol
lowed by three cheers, in which all
the delgates joined standing:
"WASHINGTON, May 16.— Aldcn
Anderson^ President State League o'
Republican Clubs, Sacramento, Cal.:
Permit me through you to extend to
the members of the State League of
Clubs my hearty greetings and cor
dial good wishes for n successful meet
ing. THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
Major Andrew G. Meyers of Siski
you, vice president of the league, took
the chair while Anderson retired to
prepare the committee lists. He called
Attorney General U. S. Webb to the
platform for a short address. Webb
said in part:
There never was a time when the people of
this country found so much In our party's
record to approve as they do now, or when
our opponents could find so little to condemn.
Never has a party approached a presidential
election with so slight reason for asking a
chan-e of administration as does the opposi
tion to-day. All classes of our citizens are
better employed and better paid than has ever
been the case in any other age in any country
under the sun.
Under Republican policies our country has
fought out the Spanish War, given liberty to
Cuba, achieved good government in Porto Rico
and the Philippines and placed Itself at the
head of the column of nations In the march
of progress. Under the leadership of the be
loved McKinley and the matchless Roosevelt
(cheers) the United States has been redeemed
from financial prostration and placed on a
pinnacle of prosperity. The people of our
country do not want to go back to the day of
Democratic misrule and misery. (Applause.)
CATOR 3IAKES SPEECH.
Thomas V. Cator of San Francisco
was listened to with interest while he
declared that the old fight of States'
rights versus national supremacy was
being raised bv the Democrats from
the grave as a forlorn hope for the
coming campaign. In part he said:
The recent decision of th; Supreme Court in
the mercer case was dissented from by the
Democratic Justices, who aligned themselves
on the extreme State's rights position, and
Democratic leaders are already planning to
obtain the support' of the trusts r on a promise
to reverse ,the great Republican doctrine that
Congress has authority of interstate commerce
and over corporations operating throughout
the country. But while the Democracy is
flirting with the trusts. In the hope of gaining
control of the Government, the people of this
country will support the Republican party In
enforcing the constitutional powers of Con
gress over ail corporations that affect the In
terests of the whole people.
Judge H. A. Pierce of Los Angeles
followed with a telling and humorous
arraignment of the Democracy for its
inability to formulate a constructive
policy' or to follow intelligent leader
ship.
though he is, he won the applause of
his Republican hearers by his ref
erence of patriotism to the gathering.
His address of welcome to the dele
gates was as follows:
In the name of the- city of Sacramento and
in response to the courteous request of the
president of the league the pleasant task falls
upon me to welcome the delegates of the Cali
fornia State League of Republican Clubs, and
in extending that welcome there goes with it
the gi-nerous hospitality of our people and the
freedom of their city. Notwithstanding that
this convention is wholly partisan in its make
up, we know that its deliberations will be
marked by patriotic Impulse and sentiment,
and it is in the knowledge of this fact that all
of our citizens, irrespective of their political
alliances, the more deeply appreciate the honor
pf having the capital city of the State chosen
as the place for the holding of these conven
tions'.
Sacramento enjoys the reputation of being
the ideal convention city of the State and we
arc satisfied that the committee of arrange
ments, in providing for the comfort and en
tertainment of the city'* guests, has lrft noth
ing undone that will in any measure detract
from that well-deserved reputation. We want
to feel that when the delegates and visitors
to tills convention return to their respective
homes they will bear with them only kindly
remembrances of time well spent and pleas
antly enjoyed.
In conclusion Mr. President, I will now
leave the convention in the hands of Its pre
siding officer and the city of Sacramento In
the hands of the California State League of
Republican Clubs. Gentlemen of the conven
tion, the city is your?.
On behalf of the Republican clubs
of Sacramento, Senator Robert T. Dev
lin then welcomed the delegates, say
ing in part:
Throughout the United States and in every
land where men are free government Is car
ried on by agency of parties. Organization is
necessary for crystallization of principles Into
policies and their enforcement in administra
tion. When all of us shall have parsed away
the deeds of the Republican party will live
as long as there Is a poet to sins: the epic of
its great achievements. Americans will not
permit the flag planted under Republican aus
pices to be hauled down.
Our friends, the enemy, are distracted by
their effort to find a candidate behind whom
they can march during the coming campaign
with some pretense of harmony. No such
trouble afflicts us. All Republicans nre united
in proclaiming their allegiance to that splendid,
incorruptible! statesman, the hero of El Can»-y,
the presrnt worthy occupant of the White
House. (Cheers.) It Is under favoring skies,
therefore and with high hopes of a groat tri
umph, that the club* of this city welcome you
hero to-day.
ANDERSON MAKES ANSWER.
President Anderson in response said,
among other things:
It is one of the highest functions »t citizen
ship to participate in political action. Only
by using this right can we insure good gov
ernment As partisans we have come here be
cause we believe this country can best thrlv»
under Republican policies and because we
deem those policies in consonance with the
principles of sound constitutional government.
After these brief addresses the con
vention got down to business at once.
Colonel George H. Pippy, president of
the San Francisco Union League,
moved that the chair appoint a com
mittee on' credentials consisting of one
delegate at large, and three from each
Congressional district. The motion
prevailed. Committees on order of
SACRAMENTO, May 15.— Ferdinand
K. Rule of Los Angeles will be presi
dent of the State League of Republican
Clubs during the next two years. It
has been conceded for several days that
the southern part of the State was en
titled to the honor and would get it if
the southern delegates could unite on
a candidate. The, friends of Senator
M. L. Ward of San Diego were per
sistent in demanding the office for their
man and until a late hour to-night
Ward seemed to have the lead. After
the convention adjourned this evening,
however, a conference of the friends
of Ward and Rule was held and the
situation fully discussed. Shortly be
fore midnight Ward announced that he
had withdrawn in favor of Rule and
would place him in nomination to
morrow.
This action in favor of harmony
makes certain Rule's election as presi
dent of the league. It is said also to
make Ward's nomination as Congress
man in the Eighth District equally cer
tain, that being one of the matters dis
cussed in to-night's conference.
Rule Is a well-known Los Angeles
capitalist, being one of the directors of
Senator Clark's new San Pedro, Los
Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad. Two
years ago he was the delegate-at-large
from California to the convention of
the National League of Republican
Clubs at Chicago and then obtained a
pledge that the meeting of that or
ganization in 1906 will be held at Los
Angeles.
The California Republican campaign
of 1904 was opened here this afternoon
when Lieutenant Governor Alden An
derson, president of the State League
of Republican Clubs, called the fourth
biennial convention of that organiza
tion to order. Party enthusiasm and
loyalty to the principles and policies
of Republicanism had brought to
gether a host of delegates from every
section of the State. Others are ar
riving in large numbers on this even
ing's trains and at to-morrow's ses
sion at least 1000 representatives of
the seventy clubs in the league will
be here.
The assembly chamber at the Capi
tol had been magnificently decorated
with California flowers, palms and
ferns for the convention by a local
committee, and the speaker's desk was
flanked by portraits of McKinley and
Roosevelt framed in golden poppies.
About the room were hung portraits
of the other ReuubJican Presidents.
The afternoon session was chiefly
devoted to organization, but a number
of rattling Bpeeches were delivered,
and delegates showed their temper by
prolonged cheers for every mentton of
the names of McKinley and Roosevelt.
WEI/COMES THE DELEGATES.
Mayor W. J. Hassett of Sacramento
was the first speaker, and Democrat
J>catli of Venerable Lady.
Mrs. Mary A. McNulty, a venerable
lady and a pioneer of this State,
passed 'away at her home in Yreka,
" Siskiyou County, and was burled Sun
flay, May S, from the Catholic church,
tvhere Rev- Father O'Meara preached
a. touching sermon. A large concourse
of friends attended the obsequies. De
teased was the mother of Joseph, Ed
ward, "Mary and Dr. F. McNulty, and
*6iKter of Mrs. E. Dunsworth and J. C
Nealon of this city.
I4te Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. May 16.
6tmr IJwaeo. Ufingell. 7 hours from Pigeon
Point.
Er ttmr Wellington. McKeller, SI hourm from
l*6nmitb
SAILED.
t Monday. May 10.
6tmr Rival, Fosen. nowen* Landing.
KIEFF May 16.— Governor General Klrtgel
h«j» beirun «n Inspection of the Jewish cities
%i the province. His tour U purely adminll
«r*.Uve «sd Is not daa to any rarest.
Ladies and Gentlemen: When facts ar* so
abundant it becomes difficult to pick and
chocse reasons why California should stand,
as she certainly will stnnU, in the Republican
The evening session of the conven
tion was a great mass-meeting, at
which a large audience of Republicans
listened to well-known State leaders
and pledged anew their support to the
party In the fall campaign. Lieutenant
Governor Anderson was again in the
chair.- The best speech of the evening
was made by Governor Pardee. The
Governor was greeted with prolonged
cheers and spoke to the subject, "Why
California Should Stand In the Repub
lican Column," saying among other
things:
EVENING SESSION.
Senator E. I. Wolfe of San Francisco
came up to the Capital City armed
with a resolution favoring the San
Francisco sea wall bond issue. This
resolution he will ask the club league
convention to include in its platform
and this will doubtlessly be done. The
same resolution, which is backed both
by the San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce and by the California Pro
motion Committee, ¦ will be introduced
in the Republican and Democratic
State Conventions, as it is wholly a
non-partisan matter. Wolfe's resolu
tion is as follows:
We favor tho adoption of the proposal sub
mitted by the Legislature to the people of this
State to issue State bonds to the amount of
$2,000,000 for the improvement of the San Fran
cisco water front by the completion of Its sea
wall, known as the San Francisco seawall art,
because the increasing commerce of the Pacific
imperatively demands better harbor accommo
dations on the coast. If San Francisco does
not furnish them the ports of other States will,
to the injury of the trade of San Francisco and
f»till more to the detriment of the people of
the great interior who are served by that port.
Committee on platform and resolutions — Sen
ator G. R. r.ukens (chairman), E. B. Edscn,
II. T. Power. T. II. Selvage, L. T. Hatfteld.
Allen B. Lemon, Robert E. Corlett, C. M. Bel
fhaw, Thomas RJckard, Judge A. G. Buckles,
Henry C. Dibble, W. S. Wood. A. Ruef. E. I.
Wolfe, Dr. M. A. Southworth. George D. Clark,
J. Harry Russell. Orrin Henderson, C. N.
Rowell. W. If. Savage. Robert N. Bulla, Fred
erick Rule. P. C. Smith. M. L. Ward. Frank
W. Vetterllne.
President Anderson then announced
the committees as follows:
Committee on credentials — George H. Pippy
(chairman). A. E. Boynton, Colonel E. A.
Forbes, J. F. Spooner, Judge W. A. Anderson.
F. A. Dury>a, W. S. Wall. Charles Mautalen.
John W. Stetson. C. H. McMaaters, Thomas
W. Collins. Lewis U. Hoin. Lyman A. Sher
wood, Max Goldberg Louis ONeal Ralph C.
McConnish. C. T. Klliot. C. F. Lacey. Frank
Lane. W. Clifford Smith. Will A. White. Dr.
C. T. Ski lien. Charles Hardy, Colonel E. S.
Bahcock, N. N. Blackstock.
Committee on order of business — C. W. Pen
dleton (chairman). J. II. Beecher, Clifford Cog
glr.s, W. H. Cutter. C. T. Jones, W. A. New
cum. Pr. E. Z. H.-nnes3ey, Ben F. Rush. J.
R. Knowland, Judge II. A. Melsin, Arthur
Urand. H. G. W. Dinkelsplel. Colonel Albert
E. Castle. II. W. Brown. J. O. Hays, M. B.
Woodworth. A. G. Muenter, George G. Radcliff,
F. E. Dunlap, Ira A. Lee, H. A. Pierce, John
M. York. Clark Albert!. W. M. John, C. W.
Greenwell.
SOME) OF THE PROMINENT MEN "WHO TOOK PART IN THE CONVENTION OF THE CALIFORNIA STATE LEAGUE OF RE
PUBLICAN CLUBS FROM AMONG WHOM MOST OF THE IMPORTANT OFFICERS OF THE ORGANIZATION WILL BE
CHOSEN WHEN BALLOTING BEGINS.
M. F. Tarpey, director in California
of the Hearst campaign, is a hard
loser, and the members of the Alameda
County delegation, which he chose- to
call "my delegation," felt the lash of
his tongue upon the adjournment of
the afternoon session to-day. In re
turn Mr. Tarpey also felt the lash of
invective. When the motion for ad
journment had been carried Mr. Tar
pey turned to the Alameda delegation
and said:
"All of you that voted for Mr. Jeter
to-day are my friends and I invite you
to partake of my hospitality in my
private headquarters. AH of you that
did not vote for Mr. Jeter I consider
are not my friends and I do not want
to have anything to do with you."
S. Bachrach of the Forty-ninth As
sembly District, Alameda County,
called Tarpey to account in very plain
language and when he dropped the
matter W. C. Donnelly of the Forty
seventh took up the roast of Hearst's
manager. Thomas J. Thompson of
the Fiftieth District next took a fling
at Tarpey, but he was not to be beaten
out; he was angry clear through.
"Well, what I said stands." he re
plied to the grilling he had received,
"and those of you that didn't stand
for me to-day can get out."
With the assertion that they would
stay long as any man In the conven
tion his opponents went out and
Tarpey walked away with his ad
herents.
defeated Franklin K. Lane for the Gov
ernorship by a narrow majority; and,
"Whereas, His gross and malicious
exaggeration of the few sporadic cases
of bubonic plague in California, leading
to the quarantining of the exports of.
the State, and his attractively lurid
accounts of crime and vice in Califor
nia, are but fair samples of his settled
policy of coining newspaer circulation
out of the alleged misfortunes of his
native State; and.
"Whereas, He has besmirched the
fair reputation of California manhood
by the publication under his own signa
ture of pages of grossly immodest
praise of his own virtues and grossly
dishonest representations of promised
support in his candidacy for the Presi
dency;
"Now, therefore, we. the Democratic
Convention of the State of California,
denounce William Randolph Hearst as
a betrayer of the Democratic party and
a traitor to the State of his birth, and
we further Instruct our delegates to
present the above resolution to the Na
tional Convention in St. Louis."
There is gossip to the effect that
another resolution similar to the fore
going will be presented to the com
mittee.
At the regular meeting of the Asso
ciated Veterans of the Mexican War
the following resolution was adopted:
"Resolved. By the Associated Vet
erans of the Mexican War, that this
association, whose officers and many
of its members are familiar with the
affairs and management of the Vet
erans' Home of California hereby cor
dially join with the Grand Army of the
Republic in its expressions of con
fidence in the management of the
home by the present board of direc
tors, and also In Its conduct of the
canteen, which was established at the
home many years ago for good and
sufficient reasons, more especially as
an absolute necessity as a preventive
against saloons outside and for the
health and discipline of the members.
There are many veterans of the Mex
ican War cared for at this home, and
this association is proud of the in
stitution, which It has helped to estab
lish and which it assists in manage
ment through Its representatives."
Veterans Express Confidence.
J. J. Gosper of Los Angeles told the
delegates of "Illustrious Names on Re
publican Party Rolls," and enthusiastic
applause greeted his reference to great
leaders of the party, past and present.
T. H. Selvage of Eureka, the last
speaker of the evening, talked of "The
Young Man in Politics." Selvage de
clared that the worst enemy of the
United States was the indifference of
young men to political duty.
It Is announced this evening that the
deadlock in the First Congressional
District over the delegation to the Chi
cago National Convention has been
broken! sufllcient votes having been se
cured by John C. Bull Jr. and C. E.
Clinch to elect them. Senator Voorhies
of Amador, wno made a good fight for
the honor, will be consoled with a place
upon the Republican ticket for Presi
dential Elector in California.
The Republican party has be°n the rarty of
industrial advance. Our country owes to it
the fostering rare which has made the United
States the first Industrial nation in the world.
The Republican party stands for that system
of tariff which says to the foreign manu
facturer: "We propose to protect our working
mi's by differential duties In favor of our
home Industry." Cleveland said: •"Your tariff
system has failed because we have 1,000,000
unemployed nun walking our streets." But a
few years of Cleveland gave us 4. 000,000 of
unemployed, rtarving men, and It was not
until that matchless leader of men. William
McKinley. was placed in the White House
that American working m»n a pain saw pros
perity. To-day European countries are won
dering 1 how they can meet our competition.
The Russo-Japanese war la being: fought
with American ships and American guns. We
have 7.000,000 w(,rk?rs in this country under
Republican protective policies. The number
has doubled s>lnce ISOfl. This is the more
reason the Republican party should be kept
i npower. in order that we may hold the mar
kets of the world and preserve the American
working man in his ability to earn good wages.
WARD FOR PRESIDENT.
"The Republican Party and the
Wage-earnCr'.' was the subject of the
next address, by Duncan McKinlay of
Santa Rosa. He said in part:
Secretary of State Charles F. Curry
made a forceful speech on "Organiza
tion and Success." He declared that
the Republican party was pre-eminent
ly the party of organization and con
struction in later American historj't
and that its pathway was free from
the wrecks of policies and projects
which strewed that of the Democracy.
CURRY MAKES SPi JLCll.
la California ashamed of Roosevelt? (Cries
of "No! no'." and cheers.) If she is, then we
people of California have no right to call our
selves Republicans. The Democratic party to
day is a derelict, floating rudderless, maatless,
its sill's crusted with barnacles and. wont of
all. with no captain to command It and no
one competent to be trusted with the captaincy
of the distressed craft. This is not so with
the Republican party, which has never had a
more worthy, a more capable leader than
Thtodore Roosevelt. (Cheers.)
column at the coming- election.
When Lincoln was struck down by the
assassin's bullet I remember how men walked
through the streets In the very agony of woe.
Can California follow in the footsteps of any
greater or better man than Abraham Lincoln?
He was a Republican; Grant was a Republican;
Garfleld. BlaJne, Logan, Sherman, all these
were our leaders^ and California Is not ashamed
of them. California is not ashamed of him
whese picture is before you (pointing to por
trait of McKinley).
.Chairman Ruef then called for a vote
ind the four gentlemen whose names
•'had been proposed were selected as the
• choice of the local delegation for dele
gates at large and the delegates
'.yledgrd themselves to promote the
randidacy of the four at the Sacra
mento convention and to give them all
possible support.
'It was then suggested that an ar
rangement be made by which the San
Franrisco delegation go to the capital
cUj in a body. The matter was dis
cussed for some time, but it %vas found
.that the convenience of all could not
he suited. A motion was made, second
< d and carried that an many of the del
*f;ntes as possible leave on the 3:30
train this afternoon. The entire dele-
Ratiofl was instructed to meet at the
Golden Eagle Hotel in Sacramento on
Wednesday at 1 o'clock in the after
noon. This being all the business on
«>hand. a motion to adjourn was put and
carried.
Chairman Ruef then stated the ap
portionment of delegates to the Na
tional Convention, both for Congres
p-iona! districts and at large, and called
for opinions on the proposition of the
San Francisco delegation expressing
itself in favor of certain delegates at
large. Sentiment in favor of this
seemed to prevail and the name of Ruef
was first offered. Ruef declined the
'commission and A. K. Daggett placed
the name of George C. Pardee be
fore the assemblage. Colonel George
Stone said he believed Southern Cali
.foriria should be accorded some recog
nition, as that section of the State did
much toward promoting the interests of
the Republican party, and offered as
his selection Judge J. W. McKinley of
Los Angeles. The name of George A.
Knight was next proposed, after which
Charles G. Clinch proposed the name of
John D. Spreckels.
SELECT DELEGATES AT LARGE.
Immediately afterward W. W. San
derson offered the following, which was
ulsv adopted:
•Resolved, That the committee on
platform and resolutions of the Repub
lican State Convention be requested to
insert in its report a strong recommen
dation and indorsement of the econom
ical, business-like and able administra
tion "of the State government by Hon.
<?eorge C. Pardee, Governor of Califor
nia."
After Ruef had taken his seat,
; Charles G. Clinch proposed the name
" of Maxwell McNutt for secretary and
thai gentleman found no opposition
for the place. The roll call was dis
rw-nsed with and Colonel George Stone
offered the following resolution, which
jvas adopted by a rising vote:
•"Resolved, That the San Francisco
deleg-ates unanimously urge instruc
tion by the State Republican Conven
•tion of its delegates to the National
Republican Convention In favor of the
nomination as candidate for the Re
publican party as President of the
United States of that illustrious sol
dier, statesman and citizen, Theodore
Roosevelt."
Tom Riordan occupied the chair
nnd called the meeting to order. He
Ftated its purposes and requested the
election of a permanent chairman and
Fecretary. D. W. Burchard arose and
nominated Ruef. In doing bo he said
he was proposing the name of a man
loyal to party and friends and
one in whom the delegation might
j.lace its trust. Ruef was chosen by
acclamation and was escorted to the
chair. Ruef then thanked the dele
gates for the honor they had conferred
upo'rf him and made a brief address,
in wh^ch he urged independence on
•the part of each district representa
tive and a rebuke to the custom of go
ing into conventions without a choice
or a candidate and following in a path
l^iat has been marked out by others.
"Let us have some preference," said
the epeaker. "Let us gro prepared to
whom we wish and to speak for
ourselves."
INDORSE ROOSEVELT.
. The Srm Francisco delegates to the
•Republican Convention at Sacramento
"met last- evening in Shiels* Hall at 32
» >'Farrell street last evening. Organi
sation was effected and Abe Ruef was
appointed chairman and Maxwell Mc-
Ntxtt secretary. After declaring In fa
vor^ pf the nomination of Theodore
PuDQsevelt for President of the United
Ftates and commending the adminis
tration of Hon. George C. Pardee as
tiovernor of California, the names of
Governor" Pardee, Judge J. W. McKin
ley of Los Angeles, George A. Knight
nnd -John D. Spreckels were presented
end thesa gentlemen were unanimous
ly indorsed as delegates at large to the
national convention.
Car No. 568 of the Eddy street elec
tric line, white running at a high rate
of speed down the hill between Octavia
and Lagruna streets about 6 o'clock last
night crashed into a Tight wagon
driven by H. A. Blaettler of the Mon
terey Dairy. The driver was thrown
from his seat and dragged some dis
tance. The horse was knocked down
by tha force of the collision and he
rolled nearly fifty feet. Both were
painfully Injured. Many of the pas
sengers jumped from the car, but only
one, W. Bliss, suffered injury.
The car was in charge of Conductor
Green. The motorman refused to give
his name to the Injured people, saying
it was a matter of no Importance.
Blaettler asserts that no warning bell
was rung and that be did not have
time to stop his horse at the crossing
after he saw the car rushing down
upon him. The motorman cays he rang
the bell, but the driver of the milk
wagon Is positive that he did not. The
carmen sought the names of passen
gers who were witnesses to the acci
dent and then attempted to get the
driver to sign a card exonerating
them from responsibility for the colli
sion, but upon the advice of passengers
he refused to subscribe his name.
Blaettler Was badly bruised and suf
fered from severe shock.' Bliss was cut
about the face. The horse was batter
ed up and both wagon and car were
smashed. All the front windows in
the latter were shattered and frag
ments of glass showered upon passen
gers who were riding on the "dummy."
A report of the accident was made at
the company's headquarters and an In
vestigation for the purpose of ascer
taining who was to blame will be com
menced at once.
fieorge C. Pardee. Judge J.
W. McKinlev, G. A. Knight
and J. D. Spreckels Named
Electric Vehicle, Running at
a High Rate of Speed Down
a Hill, Is Unable to Stop
to surroRT candidacy
DISPUTE ABOUT SIGNAL
Choice Made of Four Repub
lican Delegates at Large to
the National Convention
Accident on Street Car Line
at Eddy and Lagiina Brings
Injury to Driver and Horse
CAR CRASHES
INTO A WAGON
DELEGATES HOLD
A LOCAL CAUCUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904.
REPUBLICAN LEADERS GROW ELOQUENT AT SACRAMENTO CONVENTION
HAVANA, May 10. — The carmen employed
in hauling lumber went on strike to-day for
payment in American Instead of in Spanish
money. Them is some apprehension of a sym
pathetic strike. •
SUES HUSBAND FOR STTPPORT.— Lotjlsa
Gallardo. who, three yeers ago. married An
gtlo Gallardo. sued him for maintenance yes
terday. She tays h« has not provided tar her
since April 1 of this year and she wants 930 a
month, ,
ST. LOUIS, May 16.— The California
State Board of Trade arrived in St.
Louis this afternoon, but the members
Rain Deters the California Delegation
From Sight-Seeing.
BOARD OP TRADE ARRIV r ES.
SANTA CRUZ. May 16. — A delegate
who represents an interior county said
to a Call representative to-night:
"Mr. Tarpey made a blunder to-day
when he insisted on making a vote on
the chairmanship a test of the
strength of the Hearst sentiment in
the convention.'
"Two motions introduced by him
and intended to give Hearst a dis
tinct advantage were also defeated.
He chose his own battleground and
lost. The result was a great victory
for the anti-Hearst delegates, the in
fluence of which will be widespread in
the East. "Colonel Mazuma" is work
ing industriously to-night to retrieve
the loss thus sustained, but if the
Hearst forces win a victory, to-mor
- i BiwiTiiiiiiii^iTMHiimwift'iinii 1 " ' " '" ~"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
William Jennings Bryan, our standard
bearer in the last Presidential election,
and within forty-eight hours of the end
of that gallantly fought campaign, he
cruelly lampooned Mr. Bryan as the
"Old man of the sea of the Democratic
party"; and,
"Whereas, To satisfy a private spite
he for years vilified and traduced the
greatest representative and noblest
character California has ever sent to
Washington, Senator Stephen M. White;
anQ,
"Whereas, On failing: to obtain con
trol of the, party machinery of the
State in the last Gubernatorial election
he announced his opposition to the can
didate of the convention, in which he
had been beaten in open contest, and
... /<
5
Governor Fervid
in His Party's
Praise.
Cheers Frequent
at Mention of
Roosevelt.PLAINTIFF FAILS TO APPEAR.— Because
»f the failure of Jo«*>r>hir,» iJal!. plaintiff in a
tuif for $1175 damages againn the Graiy
•treet Railroad, to apptar yesterday in Judge
Graham's court the court ordered the jury that
had been Impaneled to try the case to render
a verdict in favor of the <!<-?»n<lant.
Californiana Goinc to St. Louis.
The quick, short route Is by the Overland.
Limited, that matchless train of the Southern
Pacific. If you've never tried the Overland
try It on your St. Louis trip. Its appointments
are perffct and the scenery en route Is mo«
Impressive. Talk It over with asents, or at
613 Market street. •
Ear stealing a pair of trousers from
a tailor's dummy at Sixth and Mission
streets John Burke was sentenced to
six months' imprisonment by Judge
Cabanlss. The owner of the dummy
pressed the charge. .«.
Stole a Pair of Trousers.
Muehlenbruch, William H. Blake, Martin
Rogers, George A. Taylor.
Contra Cosia — fl. J. Senderman, Robert C.
Byers.
Charter Oak — J. P. Parnau, F. J. Verdon,
W. A. Selllck. G. W. Gorman.
Fidelity — J. M. Palmer, Max Schwartz.
William II. Harris. H. L. Amstutz.
.Santa Barbara— R. J. H. Dowell. Salthiel
Fast. Thomas B. L»e, George XV. Russell. ,
Vall*-y_\v. D. Wagner, H. B. Ham, B. F.
B!«rfisoK, R. H. Curtis, H. M. Willis, Thomas
Phillip?.
San Diego — L. E. Dadmun, A. J. Santee,
I. I. Irwiii. W. P. Stone.
Yoeemite — F. A. Robinson, J. H. Simonson,
C. M. Fr?i.ch. F. E. Turmr.
Othello — B. F. Newly, J. II. Petersen, Dan
McKir.non. T. C. Hnrigan.
Brooklyn— M. G. \Vc*t, W. H. H. Hamilton.
H. S. Tuttle, Joseph Anderson.
Damocles— Josfph Conner, William Wolfskill,
H. C. Settle. O. L\ Selfert.
Lincoln — Ward Richardson. William Wing,
Richard Hodgson, A. Jordahl, C. J. Moore, A.
S. Hiu-hlngs.
Liberty— Emil C. Hahn, Gforce F. Collyer,
P. M. Watklns, A. McKc-llar, W, XV. Wetmore,
George J. Pettlt.
Spartan — A. R. Elehlor, J. Glasson.
Centennial — Mathew Smith, C. H. Starkey,
S. W. R. Langdon, John A. Plummer, C. H.
Barrett. John A. Gray.
North Star — XV. H. Mouttnn, J. A. Moore.
A. G. Garcelon, C. L. Pardee.
Park — Herman C. Fry. W. A. Henderson, T.
A. Norton. J. B. Weaver.
Lodl— F O Roohette, T H. Hatton. G. A.
Grrlach H P. Clark .Ir.
Pythian— W. S. Wall Frank Dietz. D. J.
Williams. F. W Brendel.
Bald Mountain— O. H. Fuller. F. L. Cole.
South San Francisco — H. C. Hincken, John
T. Welby, Charle» A. Mllly. Charles Mllly.
Amador — John . Liddicoat. Thomas Richards,
W H. Berryman. Peter C. Madsen.
Milo— A. It. Lord. C. F. Brayton, J. E.
Isaac E T. R. Powell
Alamtda— D S. Brehaut, G. XV. McRae, Wil
liam P. Dillon. C. II. Wevrr.
Duroc — W. F. Main. E. A. Covell, Robert
Boyco. S. it. Arthur.
Aurora — C H. Boynton. R. D. Dunn, G. A.
Price. G. L.' Collins.
Pl acer _-\Villam Huke. J. II . Oldham. Louis
Amtrt; F. II. Rowell.
Summit— Fritz Ohland. C. R. McLHlan. O.
L. Legault, William O'Neill.
Lompoc — Warren H. Fisk, G. B. Campbell,
Walter R Smith, John W. do Wolfe.
Syracuse — Ben F. Noel, I. Friedman, Aaron
Wasch Charles Stiker.
Mono— N. J. Salisbury. A. K. Myers.
Tamalpais— John C Hoover. S. P. Moorhead.
Unity — s. XV. Powell, A. J. Roberts, J. C.
Lohmeyer. R. W. Dance, F. B. Hanbridge,
J. A. Fontenal.
Castle — T. A. Long. E. J. Bates, William A.
Fish John He'ndricks.
Golden City — J. E. Elkingtcn. R. F. Lange,
Ed M. Coffey. J. G. Klcmm, George D. Dlxson,
Numar Rose.
Seaside — William Anderson. Ellas Dally.
Mutsel Sloush— M L. Short, Richard Mills,
G XV. Randall C. N. Rourke.
Pride of Butte— J. XV. Barker. II. K. Mc-
Ler.nan Charles Fetters. W. A. Schooler.
Placervill*" — John ETs-crt. P. B. Hogan,
Nicholas Fox, George XV. Steppe.
FowKr — P. V. Chaee, S. A. Yost.
Olympic — Isaac Nichols. Sam T. Jones, H.
H. Smith. J. W. Eastus, George F. Fox. John
Davcy.
Kern— H S. Durr.ble John D. Porter, F. T.
Whorff. XV. S. WHiard.
Perseverance — Frank Zaar. John L. Chllds,
XV. XV. McLaren. Jam»s A. Johnson.
Confidence — O. M Faulknrr. O. G. Hopkins.
William Nelslngh. W. H. Greenlaw.
Modesto — John C. Lcplier. W. A. Downer. Ed
E. Wood. Charles E. Swan.
Redwood — W. E. Wagner, C. P. Finger,
Charles Sutton, Theodore Fendler. —
Gait— Joseph L. Orvls. F. C. Hauschlldt,
John Hartman. William Suter.
Oak Leaf— Jens II. Rohdc. B. F. Smith. Aug.
EnKtllcner Robert P. DIxon.
Santa Rosa — J. D. O'Meara. H. R. Ekstrom.
J. 11 Carter.. H. G. Hahman.
Avalon — W. M Gradnor C. E. Greenfield. A.
H. Hecox.Rollln Case. Walter A. Corey. Wil
liam V Pringle.
Santa Maria— Robert W. Earl, E. T. Bry
ant. L. L. Colvin, T. R. Finley. H. C. Bagby.
R L. Jones.
Frlendshirv— J. M. McCllsh. Ell T. Bush.
Edward B. Hnook, XV. 11. Skinner, Ben H.
Barnes. Si HUrerloh. N
Mattole — William S. Erwin, Gilbert Crippen.
Portervllle— Arthur Williams,- M. A. Bur
ford. . . -
Vesper — J. D. Parker, J. B. Thorp."
Franklin— S. H. Sherard, John B. • Wren,
Ralelrh Barcar, XV. H. Moore.
Benlcia — Charles Durner, Harry K. White,
O. A. King, H. Hertibrun. . . ..
Oakland— E. M. Bernstein. W...H. . Ellison,
M. 8. Streeter. A. L. Hannaford, G. E. Gay
lord, James Bobet. - '
Aetna — John H. Lee. Charles E. Dudley, E.
M. Keller. R. G. Loucks.
Falrmount — Mark Lane, Thomas W. Munroe,
James A. Wilson, James A. McDonald.
Golden Seal — A. J. Plant. G. XV. Sanders.
¦ Bulsurt — Peter Schmidt, ! Will C. Wood, ' Dan
H. Watte. L. C. Bldstrup.
Sunnyslde — George XV. Thomas. Fred L.
Worsley. John A. Simms.
Iolanthe — W. B. Cooper, A. M. Martin. J. C.
Hallowell. H. F. Blohra.
Bay City— Charles C. Morris, Rudolph Rot- J
enberc, Joseph D. Abrams, Max Seller. Wil
liam ivltnsor, Louis R. Levy.
West Side— Hen Canale, Dan S. Canale, H.
J. Htoterau, William Schult.
Buena— \V. M. Lawton, E. M. Jones, S.
Goodman, E. L. de Annan.
Vlsalia— B. L. Hughes,- Ira Chrlsman, Ben
M. Matldox, R. A. "Vviutiey.
Mojave — Charles L. Williams, Silas J. Lew
is, John Arniantagc, George J. Nay. -
San Jose— 1\ L. Donahoo, A. C. Banta, C.
E bchroder, Frank Uray.
San l J edro — William j\. Spickler. David P.
Davis, Ambrose Nicoiai, John W. liuckley.
Alhambra— William PolUrd, R. N. Richard
son, K. W. Longuen, K. M. Klwood.
Gauntlet — A. U. Livlnjfbton, W. H. Judson,
XV. J. Klngswcll, W. W. Scott, H. C. Cable,
A. II. Bauer.
Pluto — A. B. Swartout, Joe Galewsky,
Charles .V. Davis. Charles J. Moburg.
1'acadena— Albert Mercer. Ernest J. Hart,
A. T. Jsewcomb, c H. Stratum.
Madtra— M. hi. KIrby. D. F. Edwards, W.
L. Jan. is, <J. J. Hely.
Fresno — O, 1'. Klenlsen, F. XV. Fisher, J. I.
Lorber, F. P. Stuits, \V. M. Barr, Martin
Madsen, C. M. Shannon.
Newman — A. J. Hukt r, Al Levy, Ed Simp
son, H. V. Armlstead.
Lake Ktvlnore— J. A. Crane, S. A. Stewart.
West Oakland — Charles V. Wlsner, Charles
H. Lewis, John Crossman, Clyde C. Lamkin.
Sumner — O. P. Howell, Lucius Johnson, R.
R. Robinson. G. F. Uennett.
Themis — Higmund Meiner, F. P. Willard.
Roma — Giuseppe Calegarls, Clemente Lom
bardl, Glr.otto Marioni, Giuseppe Pellettierl,
.Gaetano Malplede, Antonio d'Andrea, Angelo
Serventl, Giuseppe Sanguinettl.
Samson — Hugh J. Crawford. Peter A. Kel
ley, David H. McCartney, Francis M. Nickell.
Springville — S. N. Doherty, D. Mudgett,
Ralph Kramer. H. A. Hansen.
Castle Rock — S R. Schaner, E. A. Rtzor,
W. S. Edwards. C. I. Bliss.
Red Star— Harry J. Place, Henry K. Coon,
J. Cljtfle Hlzar, Charles U Hubbs, William W.
Gephart. Percy L. Day, Charles E. Marsh,
Samuel Schiller.
Beatrice— E. C. Grlswold, D. W. Potter,
William F. Beasley, C. A. Hanlng.
$elma — J. S. Ludlngton, Cullen B. Traber.
Capitol— Elijah C. Hart, O. F. Graf, J. T.
F. Kneenan. George- M. Ilsley.
Loma— S. 8. Johnston. O. A. Mullen, T. F.
Johnson, A. J. Burnslde.
Arroyo Grande — B. F. Stewart. W. A. Con
rad Jr., Steve Clevenger, E. A. Deloe.
Nemo — Charles Light. A. G. Keagle, H. J.
Kuechler, E. S. Van Pelt.
University — R. R. Rutherford, George Wil
liam Gunn, G. XV. O" Brian. Don F. Miller.
Eagle Cliff— C. R. Cotter. Wilfred Ladlow,
W. D. Nunamaker, J. A. Miller.
Nlpomo — Hans Mehlschau, W. J. Suther
land.
River View — Joseph S. Foord. Jacob Stern,
Charles Kearney. Ben Fleisher. \
Rathbone — George W. Brown. William N.
Penry. A. B. Camlnettl. William Harvey.
Kolsom — Charles Zimmerman, Grant U. Wil
son.
Yreka— Harry S. Merrlck, Charles E. Dora,
R. H. DeWltt. Joseph Forrest.
Union— E. L. Hehm, Robert Watson, A. A-
Grant. C. M. Richards.
Centervllle — A. T. Blddle, S. Sandholdt.
San Ardo — F. B. Crette, A. Esperance.
Piedmont— P. J. Ryan. E. Schwarzbaum,
Meyer Levy. II. D. Wise. •
Maverick— E. G. Scammon. W. E. Rachford,
Robert L. Sloss. I. XV. Glbblns.
Los Gatos— R. F. Robertson, J. A. Tudor. .
. Orosl— William E. Tolar, Zcnas C. Combs.
Nero — Lafayette Robertson, Edwin Pine. N«I
son Sleppy. W. R. Murphy.
Jefferson — A. N. Codeslla. Vincenzo Slmi.
- -Monterey— Asbury . Westfall, . William . F.
Phillips. Sam J. Layton. George D. Clark.
. Amazon — Grant D. Miller. H. B. Smith, N.
B. Eckles. O. F. Llndli.
| Marathon — Joseph T. Campbell, Leo 1»- Gib
son. G. S. Adolnh, O. S. Ihrlgr, C. V. Stans
bury, John S. Myers.
¦Salinas — J. "E. Hunter. W. E. Norrls, D. 1>.
Nicholson. C. . K. Shepard.
• Lily— F. N. < Fuller. H. C. Kirk. C. W.
Mnpes. , F\ J. Watson. I
•Mad River — C. W.. Ljndstrand, James P.
Anderson, George A. Stewart, Andrew LJun
erf-n. . . ¦
Redlands — T. M. Blythe T -*W. Johnson,
W..M. Tlsdnle, Charles Post, E. M. Marshall,
I. M. Hourh.
Sequoia— Israel Schwart!!,'. Ernest Duden,
Gus Pohlmann. Frank Stohr.
Perris — D. McPherpon. A. R. Frederick.
Tehachapi— F. W. Buhn. J. M. Jackley.
Selby — A. A. Paul. L. P. Ebert. ,
Sunset— Walter Wyatt, Emil Gruhlgr, Isaac
Mver. A. J. Arnnd'on.
Angels— H. F. Rlcketson. William Moyle, J.
E. Reaves. F«...R. Campbell. '
Cedar — J.' H. Garbe, Sam Hughs.
"Fern Leaf— E. C. Kavanaugh, Frank K.
Powell.. . , . , .
Auburn— Jay N. Ward, J. B. Landis. C. W.
Ford. J. G. IMcLaughlin.
Clnnabar*-R. J. Pearce, E. T. Tregonlng.
Samuel F. Carter. Henry Pascoe.
Colfax — C. A. Gtesendorfer, John M. New
man.
Coultervllle — George B. Hope. Charles Ford.
Mars— H. J. Purcell, Jules Dolsron. W. M.
Cullom. A. J. Cadwalader. - ¦ - ¦ •
Pacific— G. E. Williams. C. A. Tegner.
Mariposa — R. L. Paine, D. E. Bertken.'
Lcs Angeles — J. G. Scarborough, Benjamin
Gordan. W. H. PlckerirtKv: Jame* E. Shuey.
Inyo — Will L. Smith, Morton A. George.
PROMINENT PYTHIANS WHOSE GENERAL DIRECTION OF AFFAIRS HAS
CONTRIBUTED MUCH TO THE SUCCESS OF THE GREAT GATHERING OF
KNIGHTS IN GRAND LODGE AT BAKERSFIELD
Following is a list of her passengers
from Manila: Colonel Benjamin C.
Lockwood, Majors A. A. Augur, W. A.
Thurston and E. P. Pendleton, Chap
lain Paul T. Brockman, Captains John
F. Madden, John E. Woodward, Henry
L. Kennison, Howard R. Perry, Frank
D. Ely, Charles A.; Paine, Frank J.
Morrow and William A. Rayborne,
First Lieutenants Ernest E. Haskell,
William H. Waldron. Will H. Point. A.
T. Easton, Francis W. Healey, Albert
B. fcloane. Paul C. Galleher, Frank H.
. Burton, Charles L. Willard and Eugene
P. Crowe, and Second Lieutenants
Franklin P. Jackson, Hugh S.
Stevenson, Edwin O. Saunders,
John B. Barnes, Harry A. Wells, Frank
W. Dawson, James L. Craig, C. H.
Farnham, R. E. Beebee, A. F. Danne
miller, A. G. Goodwynn. S. M. Parker
and Benjamin E. Gray, Colonels W. W.
Hubbell and R. W. Hoytt. Lieutenant
Colonels W. S. Scott and W. W. Rob
inson, Captains E. A. Shuttleworth, H.
R. Styles, R. L. Hamilton and Willis
Uline, Lieutenants Kurtz Eppley,
V. E. Sweazy, Emil Speth and Thomas
M. Kite. Second Lieutenants W. V.
Gallegher, John S. Upham, Jesse Gas
ton and C. A. Derbyshire, Contract
Surgeons George B. Jones, H. W.
Stuckey, J. M. Purnell and A. W. Red
dy. Second Lieutenant H. M. Joss, Ma
jor H. M. Kendall, Captain J. W. Clin
ton, Lieutenant L. R. Krebs, Lieuten
ant L. Avery, Captain E. S. Munson,
Lieutenant J. T. Tompkins, U. S. Navy.
Mrs. R. W. Hoyt. Mrs. W. W. Robin
son, Mrs. E. A. Shuttleworth, Mrs. H.
R. Perry and three children, Mrs. F.
J. Morrow and child, Mrs. H. R.
Styles, Mrs. W. H. Point, Mrs. H. A.
Wells, Mrs. F. W. Dawson, Mrs. A. A.
Goodwyn and child, Mrs. E. Y. Mil
ler, Mrs. E. F. Kirkpatrick and child,
Mrs. E. L. Munson and child, Mrs. K.
Morton and child. Miss Brush, Mrs.
R. T. Oliver and child. Miss Olive Mc-
Call. Captain J. M. Healy, Mrs. J. M.
Healy, Mrs. J. F. Tompkins and child.
Mrs. W. T. Burwell, Mr. Burwell.
Judge A. D. Odlin, Mrs. James Clark,
W. B. Moses, D. D. Fish, Charles Asp-
neck. He died instantly. Charles
Taissaint, a wheelman, Frank J. Wis
sell, a sergeant in the hospital corps
and T. Thompson, a discharged sol
dier, died from natural causes. Twen
ty-five stowaways managed to get on
board. Fifteen of them got on board
at Honolulu. Nearly all of them wore
soldiers' uniforms, so they had no diffi
culty in deceiving the officer at the
gang plank. When it came time for
"chow," however, hunger got the best
of them, and they were discovered.
The Sherman left Manila April 15.
Nagasaki on April 22 and Honolulu on
May S. v
From Honolulu— Captain J. B. Doug
lass, Lieutenant Harry W. Newton,
Lieutenant J. S. Davis, Mrs. J. B. Doug
lass and child. Mrs. H. W. Newton, Miss
M. A. Downing. H. D. Cousins. Mrs. H.
D. Cousins. Edith Dutoth, Mamie
Blake. Elijah Blake, sixty-six men of
the Sixty-sixth Coast Artillery, seven
ty-four men of the Sixty-seventh Coast
Artillery. Emmett Ashworth, William
E. Grove, B. F. Kauffman. six dis
charged soldiers and Benedict R. Nich
olson, a general prisoner.
Passengers and troops from Naga
saki — Captain F. W. Lewis, Lieutenant
E. J. McCleave, Mrs. F. W. Lewi3, Mrs.
J. M. Jackson. Mrs. F. D. Ely. Mrs. A.
B. Sloane and child, one enlisted man
of the signal corps, nine discharged sol
diers.
A. A. Brown, W. J. McCartney, Mrs.
Thornton, Miss S. C. Ames, Mrs. Sam
uelson, G. S. Wilson. B. Litt. W. J. Col*
lins, C. W. Thompson, W. M. Campbell.
P. A. Sefferd, R. M. Llnderman, T. N.
Williamson, S. S. Rucker, C. E. Har
per, Stece Swift, Rush O. Bennett, Hen
ry A. Peed, L. C. Ablez, Charles A.
Smith, 493 enlisted men of the Twenty
ninth Infantry, 223 enlisted men and
three casual companies; 6S enlisted
men, non-commissioned, staff, signal
and hospital corps, etc.: 15 enlisted men
of the United States navy and marine
corps, 65 discharged soldiers, 46 prison
ers, 14 ex-civil employes of the quar
termaster's department and seven of
ficers' servants.
lund, John E. Reiner, Anton Seaman.
Walter E. Hess, TV. C. Moore. Eugene
O'Brien, Henry Kehl. Mrs. E. D. Rob
erts, Mrs. C. Bellaire, Mrs. Guy Rob
erts, Mrs. Albert Keyser. Mrs. August
Bauman, Mrs. O. H. Horning and
child, Mrs. L. J. Le Mar, Mrs. Payne
and child. Mrs. L. A. Dorrington. Mr3.
J. F." Case, Master Case, Miss Lucinda
Ansbro, D. W. Harrington. C. M. Si
monds, Thornton Chase, A. "W. Beer.
Mrs. A. W. Beer. Miss Edith Smith,
Charles S. Banks. R. Cromer, Mrs. J.
\V. Clinton and child, Mrs. Thomas H.
Kite, Mrs. R. L. Krebs and child. C.
L. Atwell, J. E. Smith, Thomas Wal
lace.
Bradley — XV. L. Empson. Robert Easton.
Bonnie Brae — XV. K. Flcklin, J. E. Buckman.
Horace Davis, J. S. Dungan.
Palo Alto — A. X. Umphreys, GeorRe W.
Harms, Jchn S. Grlder. J. D. McDonald.
Long Beach — N. C. Lolllch. F. B. Lightburn
Louis A. Bailey, C. L. Heartwell.
Highland— W. F. Crow, C. M. Hill. A. A.
True. R. Bosworth.
Santa Ynez — J. T. Torrence, Milton Ray
mond.
Uklah — William Lucas. Abe Marks.
Fremont — J. O. Endicott, II. J. Franck.
Katrle — Paul Morris. James Oliver.
Gold Hill — O. Q. Large, George Wolf, Gas
pard Zcrr. A. J. Oswald.
America — C. L. Stebblns, C. E. Smith.
Oakdale — Henry Sanders, J. B. Ames.
Carters— C. A. Holland G. F, Bartlett;
Ontario— George B. SeJI. Erwin Phillips.
Keswick— J. D. Walz./E. Hyatt.
Dlrlgo— F. B. Larmer. XV. P. William*. R.
D. Holmes. C. XV. Muller, Carl F. Wood, J. J.
Victory. ?
Garbervllle— A. H. Hinckley, A. J. Logan.
Rocklin — L. G. Jeardeau, J. II. Gregory.
Courtland — C. XV. Arrasmith. XV. M. Fost»r.
Trinity— XV. C. Blsaell Robert Hicks. J. W.
Bercin. F. T. Blake.
Scott Valley — R. A. Lewis. XV. D. Hannan.
• Hay Fork — A. L. Kellogg. T. J. Montgomery.
Evergreen — C. H. Olds, H. H. Patterson, J.
F. Flnecan, W. P. Dilley.
Orovllle— W. F. Gates. XV. T. Baldwin. R.
H. Dunn, C. L. Bills.
Whlttler— T. R. Moorhead. J. W. Galbralth,
W. A. Kelsey L. D. Hockett.
San Leandro— John W. Bulen, Charles Critch.
low. R. B. Myers. F. P. Mitchell.
Montague — XV. E. Tebbe. W. L. Prather Jr.,
J. 8. Wright. G. XV. Dwinell.
Grand chancellor, B. V. Sargent: grand vice
chancellor, R. F. Burns: grand prelate. D. C.
Clark: grand master of exchequer, S. G. Little;
grand keeper ot records end seal. H. Schadner;
grand mabter at arms, C. R. Stlbbens; grand
Inner guard, C. Vermason; grand outer guard.
J. H. Johnston; grand trustees — J. R. Sloan.
A. L. Sellg. C. O. Clarke; supreme representa
tives — George Samuels, L. S. Calkins, H. R.
Arndt; pa»t grand chancellors — E. T. Itlaclc
mer. XV. H. Bodflsh, A. J. Buckles, S. L.
Carter,' | George E. Church. T. J. Crowley, F.
H. Farrar. James L. Fields. W. H. Grant, W.
C Graves. J. II. Gyselaar. J. II. Harney. Will
iam T. Jtter. Carl E. Lindsay, L. P. Me-
Cartv. C. F. McGlashan. Frank McGowan, C
L. "Patton, James Ross. D. K. Trask;
brigadier general, U. R., C. F. McGlashan.
There were four deaths during the
passage. Frank Eberhack, a colored
sergeant of the Twenty-ninth Infantry,
fell out of 'his bunk while the ship was
pitching in a heavy sea and broke his
The transport Sherman arrived in
port yesterday from Manila and drop
ped anchor at quarantine station at 2:45
p. m., but it was nearly 8 o'clock be
fore her passengers were landed at the
transport dock. The delay was caused
by the rush of work the quarantine of
ficers had on hand yesterday, and also
by the temporary breaking down of the
i tug Steinberg, which is used by the
quarantine officers in making their
rounds.
The Sherman brought her full com
plement of officers and enlisted men.
This included the .Twenty-ninth In
fantry from Manila and the Sixty-sixth
and Sixty-seventh companies Coast
Artillery from Honolulu. v
Quartermaster Captain Taggart re
ports the voyage uneventful. The un
usually long run from Nagasaki to
Honolulu was occasioned by the poor
quality of -coal. The trooper was de
layed a day at Honolulu awaiting the
arrival of the Thomas from this port
with the Twenty-eighth and Ninety
second companies Coast Artillery,
bound to Honolulu. The moment the
Thomas hove in sight the Sherman
got under steam for this port.
Among the passengers was Captain
John F. Madden, whose name has been
prominently drawn before the public
by his divorce suit now pending. He
was greeted by his father and mother
and his little three-year-old son, John,
who'|Weht out on the tugr Slocum to
welcome him. Captain Madden stated
thathe had absolutely nothing to say
for publication. He was in the hands
of his attorney, who would prepare a
statement for use at the proper time.
He had returned with his regiment and
would be with them at the Presidio for
the next few days. He could not say
whether he would go on with his regi
ment to its new station, or whether
he would remain here, to be present
at the divorce proceedings, which will
begin on June 6.
Colonel Benjamin C. Lockwood,
commander of the Twenty-ninth In
fantry, when asked about matters in
the Philippines, and whether he had
anything of interest to tell concerning
his regiment, put both hands over his
lips, turned his back on his question- '
ers and walked away without uttering
a word.
Passing Conferedate bills in San
Francisco is getting to be as easy as
taking candy from a baby or buying
laud from Indians for a handful of
beads and .a bunch of feathers.
One of the most remarkable cases of
thf Confederate bill swindle, involving
a clever police catch also, arose on
Sunday afternoon, when Policeman
Charles \V. Brown arrested John M.
Connell. alias John Xoble, for forg
ing and passing a fictitious check and
for passing a quantity of old Confed
erate bills.
Connell put up such a strong story
and bore such an Innocent look that
Acting Lieutenant Donovan, Corporal
McGee, who put the prisoner through
a severe fire of questions, and the ar
resting policeman were inclined to be
lieve the old crook's story.
A LAVISH SPENDER.
Connell passed Confederate bills to
the amount of $40 on Richard Ramac
c Ixitti. a wine dealer at 615 Commercial
street, on Saturday and Sunday after
noons. When the licuor dealer ques
tioned the genuineness of the bills
Conntll wrote him a check on the
"Bank of San Jose for the sum of $68
and left it as security.
Connell. spent his money so freely
that Ramacciotti called in Policeman
Brown and the arrest followed.
. Brown learned that Connell had
bought $150 worth of Confederate bills
from a pawn shop on Saturday after
noon. The possessor of the bills went
to Ramacc'otti's wine house and after
; working off his worthless paper on .the
unsophisticated liquor dealer, got glor
'iously drunk and for six hours Ramac
ciotti did the biggest business of his
life. He ser\-ed drinks to Connell and
every old bum that happened along.
•3ie did not know that it was his treat,
and as the bibulous crowd sapped up
the wine and whisky they gazed on
Connell with admiration.
The spender was welcomed as a good
angel that had come to relieve the
ihirsty wanderers of Commercial
street. Those that staked freely and
Flaked often ran forth in search of
friends with parched tongues and the
Bacchanalian revel was a holiday and
» memory. . The Italian barkeep's busi
ness grew, accompanied by a suspicion
that all was not well.
WITT GOODS RUN LOW.
By the time Policeman Brown ar
*rived Ramacciotti's wet goods were
runjiing low and his till was bulging
with rebel bills. Connell was at once
. taken before Detective Sergeant Bain
bVjdge, the man of marvelous memory.
The moment "Tim," the old identifier,
eaw Connell. he said: 'Hello, John,"
and remembered that Connell had
\ served five terms for passing checks
and Confederate bills. Bainbridge had
not seen Connell for seventeen years,
but he identified him immediately,
donnell wae booked for violating sec
tion 648 of the penal code, which re
fers to the uttering of a bogus check.
When confronted with the record of
his crimes the prisoner took the dis
covery good naturedly and said: "Well,
I never did get into trouble until I got
drunk."
Connell. who is 57 years of age, has
•fpent twenty-three years of his life'
behind the walls of California's peni- '¦
tentiaries. He was sent up for five
' years from Merced; nine years on two
different charges from San Francisco;
four years from Napa County, where
"he treated all of the Napa County po
lice on the change from Confederate
rotes- before his arrest, and five years |
from San Francisco, when Judge Saw
yer sat on the bench in the Circuit
Court. Each sentence Connell received j
was for passing fictitious checks and !
Confederate bills. The last time he
served was from Napa County. He j
¦was released from San Quentin on De- '
cember 24 of Jast year.
Tim Bainbridge Spots Com
mercial - Street Host as
Bad Old-Time Criminal
Captain J. F. Madden Ke
fuses to Discuss Subject of
His Divorce Proceedings
HAS NOTHING *T0 SAY
The meeting was called to order by
Major F; S. Rice, who introduced
Chancellor H. S. Dumble of Bakers
field Lodge, who gave an address of
welcome. He was followed by H. A.
Jasttro on behalf of the citizens and
thc responses were eloquently made by
Grand Chancellor B. V. Sargent, Chief
Mrs. :.:nude Berry Sheehan of the
Rathbom- Sisters and Brigadier Gen
eral McGlashen for the uniform rank.
The speakers all devoted much atten
tion to the principles of fraternal or
ders in general and the Knights in par
ticular, laying stress upon the fact that
it is a distinctively American order. *
To-morrow night at Armory Hall the
secret work will be exemplified by Sun
set Temple of the Rathbone Sisters,
after which there will be a social ses
sion for the public.
Following is a list of the delegates
and alternates: .
California Lodge — John Kuber, Arthur C.
Davis, Urnrj Btaver, R. X. McLennan.
r«amon _ Thomas J. Lee. Clark Hobson.
Friend J. Lewis, J. W. Gale.
Golden Gate — Bernard Schiff, "W. P. Nut
tintr. IX. C. Dunn, Sr. D. Israel.
Laurel— Ernest L'lman, A. C. Kull, D. XV.
Say lor. Bernard Mayer.
Ivanhoe — M. J. Brophy, Charles banzlger,
A. P. Dirver. B. R. Marsh.
Kanta Paula — G. E. Webb. F. P. McDIvitt.
Vavhir.clor. — J. F. John«on, H. W. Smttb,
J. M. Ixinibert, George H. Hlume.
Al«>:nania — Henry Strieker, W. L. Daws,
Ka?t»>n Winter, W. J. Tuska.
Eureka — G. II. Broderson, J. Goodman, C. D.
PosuJ Charles Oman.
Oxnsrd — J. A. DriffiH, J. W. Rose, C. J.
Elliott, Arthur Gourley.
£acramenlo — Grove L. Johxiecn, John II.
Sch*rht. John Richard*. Xelson Wllcox.
lYiang!*— William VoHmerg, C. B. Kings
bun'-
lUchmcnd — TV". X. Sutherlen, George. XV.
LamW-y, Jarr.en C. Ely, J. M. Morrison.
Paso Rob'.es — T. XV. Henry. J. C. Brown,
p VT. Putnam, Lyman Brewer.
Harmonie — Henry Willweber, Robert Thie
njar.n.
Myrtle— C. W. Nevln, XV. T. Setllff, C. S.
Hoffman. S. D. Davis.
Live Oak — C. B. Hood, A. S. Meily, M.
Among those in attendance are many
of the leading business and profes
sional men and officials of the State. A
more representative gathering it would
be difficult to find than that which will
be called to order by Grand Chancellor
Sargent to-morrow morning. Armory
Hall, the largest place of assembly in
Bakersfield, to-night presented a lively
scene. The interior was a mass of
flags and bunting. Every seat on the
floor and gallery was taken and prob
ably not less than 1500 people were
crowded into the building, many stand
ing at the door unable to obtain a seat
in spite of the preparations made for
their convenience. On the platform
were the members of the uniform rank,
the officers of the Knights and
the Rathbones. the officers of the local
Knights, the City Trustees and County
Supervisors.
MANY NOTABLES ATTEND.
About one thousand strangers are in
the city to-night. They have been
coming in on every train from both
north and south; but the major part
of them were on the special from San
Francisco which arrived at 5:30 this
evening.
When the Knights come to select
their meeting place for next year it is
expected that there will be several
towns to contest for the honor. San
Luis Obispo has already announced its
candidacy. Delegate E. C. Frye of that
place has declared his intention of cap
turing the meeting for his home and
is now conducting an active canvass
among the delegates. There will also
be an interesting contest for the office
of grand prelate. This is regarded as
a certain stepping stone to the office of
Grand chancellor. It being the custom
to promote the incumbents of the sev
eral offices above the rank of prelate
in rotation each year.
One candidate who is already here
and who has announced his intention
to stand for election is Dr. Bagley of
Santa Maria. Last year the doctor
was a candidate and had a large fol
lowing. This year he comes backed
by strong support in the south and
the coast country. Others are expect
ed to announce themselves shortly.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal.. May 16.—
Never before in the history of Bakers
field has the city presented such a
scene of brilliancy as that here to
night. With 1800 lights, scores of
Pythian standards and hundreds of
flags and streamers of buntingn cover
ing some ten blocks of the city beneath
the huge pyramid, the sight is inspir
ing. The military band discourses mu
sic to hundreds of people who block
the streets on both sides, the hotels
and lodging-houses are crowded with
visiting Knights and their families and
everywhere are seen the signs of wel
come to the visitors.
BOGUS BILLS FILL TILL
Twenty-Ninth Infantry Ar
rives Home From Philip
pines on the Sherman
With Confederate Money
John Council Treats All
Thirsty Outcasts He Sees
Citizens of the Enterprising Kern County Metropolis
Array the City in Colors to Honor the Knights
Assembled for the Meeting of the Grand Lodge
CROOK RIVALS
KING BACCHUS
TROOPS RETURN
TO NATIVE LAND
PRETTY BAKERSFIELD GIVES FERVENT
WELCOME TO THE VISITING PYTHIANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
feJPg»™fi^) *: I For Infants and Children.
Kind You Have
i%£%^!t£!!S^?£~~^^!kK I I AlWuVS DUUglH
AV^ge{ablePfcparaltonforAs- ij j m ' .'*'
similating the Food andReguIa- Jj «. .- #
tog theStomachs and Bowels of m JJQgjg tJl6 M \
: Promotes Digcslion.Cheerfur- j* fif *f iJv
ness and Rest.Contains neither ii n X* jfL Jc t y
Opium.Morphine nor>luieral. •& Ul \l^
KotHarcotic. s tfLWir^
J*afitafOUjySAMUHPtKlIKR Js 1 \#\-
: PmyjJn Seed' % M II*
fa ?" I I a TFv* in
/hfifrminf - > i Jf I 1 ft I ft W . • . Ill
%&£%™ ) 1 /» T Hao
, » II s B
Aperfecl Remedy for Cons lipa- I H (P WWU
Tion.SourStomach.Diarrhoca §$ I \iJ; ¦¦¦¦
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- jig I Bf^ P A u fill OK
ness and Loss of Sleep. ;|j \J* | 0 I U V U I
Tac Simile Signature ot jjjs
ctL&ft&az*'. i Thirtu Yoarc
¦Sll^i_ I I II 1 1 L jf Icdio
thc ccntauk coxHriy. ncw tobk ernr.
Imj>ossi!Je to find it in most §
• >^^ &££&^^ bottled beers, because their 1
' preservation is gained through q.
A chemical adulteration. wk
A . Bottled beers, as well as food products, are often adtil- if
B . teraied with chemical preservatives, etc., which for awhile 0
9 keep them from souring, but are injurious to the stomach. 'M
| A. B. C BEER is guaranteed to be absolutely pure and B
I free from any adulterant whatever. It is never exposed to m
M the air (which is germ-ladeu) but is brewed, fermented and I
B aged for eight month* in air-tight compartments, then piped in I
0 tin-lined pipes direct to the air-tight bottling machines, where I
B it is bottled, sealed, pasteurized and packed for shipment. §
»i . * Jttkm £&m V>/« h
\ The only beer bottled exchisively at the Brewery, ¦
I therefore the only bottled beer that can be absolutely guaranteed.. |3
1 The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A. I •
I HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.J . 1
f Wholesale Dealers. 1
IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA .B0RBAR0.
3ATES— American plao— From May 1, 1904, to January 1, 1905:
One person occuplng roon), witboutbath, $2.50 to $3.50; with bath, $3.50 to $5.00
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1004.
7
PIt:\GERS
PKAGERS
PKAGHIIS
PRAGERS
PUAGEKS
PRAGKRS
PRAGKRS
Wit \ pa^ m ' "tS^we" 1 d o e f A Clearance Sale of AH Our Two of the Best Bargains in New Mm H
8^^^. 1 New Dress Hats. Spring Wcish Goods Ever Offered, * v\
sH >BHMy »"^^i_ *\*' i**^* ¦¦ «l LL of our most beautiful and exclusive styles in |"" l^VERY woman knows what these goods are worth. 1
ih.-j 0 ** 0 **%\! - ¦ ?"\ C tnese hats will be at your disposal to-day.- | u There is no need of dwelling on that. They are the >^T^a\ "p^n^ -*r^ss^
ff* C Every color and shape that is popular this sea- finest lines we were able to secure, but there is only iSCvxA j4£^~^-~~^^^iJ$~ -N^fev
j;j K '^^^J^^1 0^^'^'f^'^^^PK \ son ' s nc l U( i e d in this lot, and you are making- no a limited amount of each. We will place them on sale this Ej--
I! i mistak e when you secure one of them. They * are- morning and continue the offer as long as the goods last. It /^^^^^^^^^T^^^C^-v^^?^^
1 1 1 l ' le most u p-to-date and are the greatest values ' of- has been our experience, however, 1 that good things remain f/^S^^^^^^^^^lj-^^^ 9
l& i>P^'^~^^i :: j£^^ 1 fered in this line this season. but a short time on our shelves, and it will therefore be ad- ' \f /Cr^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S I l\
\'\ • /^^^^^^V^^^^P^^P^ I * 4 ' 9S -French sailors of all-over lace; neatly ¦ trim- visable to secur e the quantity you desire as early as possible. xV^^^^^^^^^^ lllS] H
H /^^j^^^^^f^f^W^^^^^^ I 94.ns_Beautiful black lace hat edged with braid - and lA^ a yard— About 300 pieces of this season's most pop- H
0f''t^^^/^^^^^^if^^^S^^^f^^^"^ ff trimmed in June roses, foliage and ribbon. «vU ular styles- of linen finish suitings, full $2 inches wide. s \*J X ffc^<M'/ <^^."0^K^^i'^^V H
i 9O.O8— Handsome jet and horsehair hat, trimmed with" Sold everywhere at 20C a yard. H
S haVsT in green, lavender, brown ¦¦ . _ COVERT CLOTH. I V-^&^^^W^^IS^t^fi
W^MmBS^^Sn \ *nd black and white. These are all beautiful creations and 1 (^ p «' yard— Extra heavy grade of covert doth in the' . 5^^£^^^ pMWMm
? W^ :^^t^^*^ H§^^ JgiWsv' 1 * exclusive styles. * v^ leading colors of gray, blue, brown, tan and green. v**^^*^. \^gy f^^^^V^^M j§|
I Some Extra Bargains in the Newest* Specials for This Week in Notions j 4
rl Mk *^w Silks and Dress Goods, .5- and Findings* 1
r-s \3kV^^^ V !^^^^Sv35' rn-TiT- *»•«.« ' ¥ TT is every auxiliary article necessary for the completion | • /^""^^>^^> / V^^i'^S^
{'•} xWksBifcs^^r qp HERE was unusually heavy buying in this department yes- |— I of your dress. Our prices have been marked specially low v I
rl l*i&!>'G*Vv$v 1. ter " a y» an ° some of the features will be repeated to-day. Es- * * f or ls sa j e " , : " | -^^^yy f 7r^i^^--^^^^m
1 pccially desirable is our 69c a yard black taffeta silk. Inspect 3c a spool-Standard quality of 10c each-Silk eollar foundations, 1 /^\^W^^M>^m
R^^^/W^H 0 v¥JVN™AA^ ° Ur SUpC stock - spool silk; all colors and black. 50 made of feather bone instead of rat- I AAS^^^T'-^S'^^^^SL
l^^^^l I n^^\ 60c a yard— 27-inch -black taffeta; worth 85c. J as j^ black and coIors ' 9 yards to a^gross-^oronation Bpring \ ij^^^^^^^^^P'-^
a\j gaJ2 ry^i3^5^^°\'At?v\j 0 [^^Oyv^ f ? 6c a yard— 19-inch all silk black taffeta for lining purposes. 25c a pair— No. 5 size, Kleinerts'. • 5c a paper — Eagle pins; size F3J4. J i; //);* s>;i f^^ ::i>:: '' / X
&*Cr^^%£p\S? v?^J^^^^'JV^l=fcS^o\ r ec ' a^ for to-day and to-morrow only. On-and-off and seamless stockinet 45c a dozen. 1 A///'/A' It f\ f\ \
' *ffi&$(tffiXiy£$r I 6:$c a yard-24-inch peau de soie; extra heavy weight and shields. These are well-known brands -3 for Bc-Basting cotton, 200 I iff I ilfMlhim 1 , 1 I "¦ ,: : n il' : lH
K^^MB^^TV^fV^^ I high luster. An excellent value for $1.00. and always sell at 35c. yards on a spool. J /¦ / /M-I///J\fl\ 1/ . :l|
ar/TH^L^^^.lN^*' «'A°\' i'rV^l 0 vlrA^e r ««» J <! a I )air — Stockinet shield, No. 3 4c a spool— Basting cotton, 500 1 M!A&-'Ji:-^ •"/ f • ' J ¦•' ' II I ?a
H\iF^^Wn!SKV^>^ a V V^V\^^ J a >' ard ~ 24-inch black silk grenadine, neat mesh. It can size. S1.00 box. yards on a spool. % %:¦ -'''y §'-§'-' ¦ I \\-. I • ; HH
' »^*^^CTT/fi! V§AoV 4=1 # 1)C WOrn OVCr SlIk Or spun glabS foun dations. Worth 65c. 5c a box— Cabinet hairpins, 200 in a box. Also a special ¦ \jm %, 1 ' J^***^ Vr^y \'<^'\ : -''-**'¦' CT
Ss^^^ 1^^?//! b Vr^n°lr^r Sct-f^Il C COLORED DRESS GOODli. <; fnr B-c— Fine steel hatpins, 7, 8 and 9 inches long; white I . g jjj V^lvv V^l
ra^^fe^'*^^^^ 0^^ C P^iA|.^ 3^KD 1 fJSe a >' arf l— 45-inch Sicilian, in gray and navy only. -It has a •"»*• each— Four and five hook corset steels. 1 Jfi ff/ ; O\\ ,\\))l /Stezxa
[5Lfc^Sv^r^S^ C \OT°M>O" \ silky finish and of extra weight. Regular 75c value. , . ' .: » for Bq_F.,P.. C. wax. I XJj\ n :'/ / ||
loi&i^^ \ f^l l0 ° kS W€l1 wh^" m Sundered! 1 '' Suitable °for women V<H? slidcplnror' ribbon pins. I A^\^^^ If j^^^^^^^^S
¦K^^^^^K I n cfel;?Ve,ra r n d d -Si^ Srs.ssn.jsr immense Selection of Women's j r^* i^^^^P
• I 5 "™^'^ 030 "^ " s - n " si^" ti - Spring and Summer Garments. I '
W^\^^^^^^^\ Special-Household Utensils oppor Jg^'"^^^^^^^^ | j!^^ ifflm I'l W ll
W/ 'rf^ VERY item is a bargain; every price is Jj;il.f)5 up to ?24.95— Hundreds of beautiful suits to se- t /^Jj^^N AV^lf^\l ' l/'/'^U i'^J
P^/^>ibp\ W®7 Bc^^r^coltTan^er" (3) ' Sicilian" They 'arc cxTra^rge^zes^up tT^-inch waist and L^J&L^^>^^^X^J^^^ M T 0
f^fo t^ fv r^n$$t&R \ \ aV ~~ • 89c — Over 2000 lawn waists of the very latest patterns; 75c and 3?l.OO &T Ir \ \\\ />^fr^-^ 'n&i
Ribbons » Neckwear and Laces for Women. pil§^^||SiSP| polkl i| Wm& W If i# f /I
HERE is always a great demand for fancy goods, and whenever we make iMSi^^§^^MM^^Mi^t _ Yacht shap«; smooth /jL Iffl Nf ifi
I^^SK^ VIIW& Mt 1 a Sa ° e^ traor(linar y values like we have arranged for to-day there is tucked and trimmed in" lace and ornamented with medal- and rough straw; a Jg\ I ; jj| r\ /;, ji |-?j
¥&^\%\fflj£/7mliw^/*'j<^\ heavy buying. The morning hours insure you the best and most prompt lions. t ¦ • worth $1.00 and $1.50. /( rfZyyr I \\ \ti i li
ribbons. neckwear. Great* Summer Clothing Special for Boys* %/^ li ill 7 11
Hf^^l^LS^ a yard-Beaut:ful pla.d nbbons, 114- j) c each- Women's grenadine ties; also 'rpHE three suit items in this offering are for summer wear particularly. U 'i H
BI§&it&4(@#! /fo^^ ml ] c f f , nca ' y ,,^ a , Ilty T/ Slik - embroidered and hemstitched lawn top col- B They are extremely low in price and are very serviceable for rough coun- J*^ ft /// //// M
¦ n**^\AV'a> W l^yt l'('/<r Makes a nne hair ribbon. Worth 121-^c a in rc; Worth icr anH "nr mrh ¦*• - j • ' r-\ v r -t t u • t. • r j <f FI v / / ' ,li >oi
Bw^fxS^SI Vr vard vvortn i 3 c ana *oc each. try and vacation wear. Don t fail to share in the bargains of this de- C^ K \X/// I ll^tn
H^^OT^^C^i| Jf 14c a yard — 4-inch pure silk taffeta rib- fancy stocks and turn-over collars. Reduced SUITS. N|/ III f//J III pf
itvJa^tTT^-vrrl /nC on ' makes up into nice stiff bows. Irom 25c and 35c. . f»Oc — Boys' washable suits in very pret- J?ii.4r» — Navy blue and tweeds made up 1^ II I 'I II III! H
B|vvp^^\V^c4 !^ Comes in black, cream, blue, pink and nile. i>r><« parli— Fnnrv sinrlr rnilnrc ,*.uu «„,., *y designs; ages 3 to 10. These include into Sailors, Norfolks, Etons and two-piece Wf // / /// ///> ; If
£^\\ V^V^VVt^l lUT\. R^irnia- -op vaitip r,, '• V, . * *-., t coua J s wun ncw all suits thit nrc mnrkpH -?c suits - Every suit is worth $3.00 and $3.25. I fJ /M
W^^^Anr Bulgarian, Persian and Fillet effects. Reg- all su.ts that are marked 7 Sc. $3.75_Boys' three-piece knee pants /// W It >^S
BE^^^?V^»* IK 21c a yard— A fine quality of pure silk u'ar 35c and 50c. J»e— -Khaki suits, made expressly tor guits> m nayy blue and fancy patternS- I/S/ 1 ijjj U
f Louisine taffeta ribbon, 4% inches wide. It 35c each— Pretty mercerized Oxford l!S - cxtra strong and fine fitting. They are rhey are madc of c heviots, tweeds and M/ I Ujjl M
has clusters of cords alternating with floral stocks with double tabs, ornamented with m]1^ r^ -,th long trousers. Ages 4 to They have /jj KM |
All the Shopping Inducements That Have Made This Store Popular Are Still Here.Townsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic flre-«tched boxes. 715 Market St.*
PATENTED ARTICLES— F. G.. City.
In view of the fact that a United
States patent for a period of seventeen
years guarantees to the patentee, heirs
or assigns, the exclusive right to make,
use and vend an invention throughout
the United States and Territories, It
follows that no one has the right to
make, even for his own use. any pat
ented article without the consent of the
patentee.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 CaJ
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1042, «•
Russian Servants.
The Russian servant Is hired for one
year, and Is told exactly what his par
ticular duty is to be. He then sticks
to that one duty. As long as each
servant faithfully performs the special
duties of his position all is well, but
the neglectful butler, or cook or coach
man,, is sent by the employer with a
written note to the police Judge, who
after carefully investigating the com
plaints has a right to order bodily
punishment or to write a bad mark In
the book kept for this purpose.
In great Russian households often
from twenty to fifty servants are kept,
and even the t middle-class families
have two to four. The pay of these
servants varies according to the line
of work. iWhlle the "chiefs" in the
kitchen of wealthy families often re
ceive £300 a year, a cook In an ordin
ary citizen's employ gets no more than
CASKETS — Subscriber. Boulevard
Heights. Oakland, Cal. Patents may
be obtained on coffins and burial caskets
if the Invention lfcis not already been
patented. In the San Francisco Free
Public Library you will find a set of
books that will advise you in the mat
ter of patents that have been issued on
coffins and caskets in the United States.
THE SACRAMENTO PROMOTERS.
THE Sacramento Chamber of Commerce' has got
into the line of California promoters in admirable
style with the publication of a comprehensive
pamphlet upon the resources and industries of Sacra
mento County^and the whole df the great northern valley
that bears that name. When this booklet is -circulated
through the East it will add its quota to the work al
ready done for the exploitation of every part of, the
State by enterprising municipal and trade bodies in every
To the original and very characteristic praise of Sac
ramento that Mark Twain incorporated in his "Roughing
It" the Chamber of Commerce has added data upon all
attractions that have come with the years to the capital
city. The pamphlet shows that above ! thirteen other
large cities in the East and the South Sacramento enjoys
a climate the most equable and free from distressing
'extremes of heat and cold. .For the country tributary to
the capital city Sacramento's promoters claim advantages
of agriculture and horticulture that may well hold the
fancy of the prospective. Eastern home builder. As a
clincher for their assertions the compilers of the pam
phlet have incorporated a sample report of the generous
THE GRAND AR JIT— Subscriber.
City. The Grand Army of the Republic
was organized during the winter of
1865-66 at Springfield. 111., chiefly
through the activity of Dr. B. F. Ste
phenson, who during the Civil War was
surgeon of the Fourteenth Illinois In
fantry. The first post was established
at Decatur, 111., in 1S66.
When a highwayman received a sentence of twenty
years' imprisonment the other day in just penalty for his
cdward crimes upon pedestrians on their night way in the
streets he wept bitterly and copiously at the Judge's
severity. The rascal should make amends for' the cur
that is in him by advertising himself as an awful example
to his fellows that are still at large.
DOGS— J. C. R.. City. In San Fran
cisco there ia no age limit when dogs
are permitted to run at large without
a license tag fastened to a collar
around the neck. All dogs not properly
tagged with a license tag for the cur
rent year are liable to be Impounded.
WHEN the volcanic eruptions in Guatemala last
year covered the coffee fincas, it was believed
that the industry was ruined and that Guatemala
had received a blow from which recovery would be slow,
as coffee is her leading product for export. When the
volcanic ash fell last year's crop had been already se
cured, amounting to 500,000 quintals. Many planters
abandoned their ash covered plantations and believed
themselves ruined. But the activity of the volcanoes
was followed by heavy and long continued rains, which
washed away a great deal of the ashes and incorporated
more of them with the soil. The rain also seemed to leach
the ashes and extract from it a liquid fertilizer which
proved of great benefit to the coffee trees. The result is
a great improvement in the fincas that were supposed to
be ruined, and a large increase in the crop, so that this
year the export will be 700,000 quintals.
In some respects the much feared deposits of ashes
proved of as great benefit as an overflow of the Nile to
the land which it inundates. The fertility distributed by
volcanic action is seen in Hawaii, where the volcanic
sand makes the best sugar cane land, and in the valley of
the Snake River in Idaho, where exactly the same kind of
sand proves the most valuable soil for sugar beets. Much
of the fertility of the white ash soils. of the San Joaquin
Valley, in this State, is due to its percentage of volcanic
ash deposited when the valley was an inland sea. In
turn this ash is a constituent of the alluvium carried by
the streams to the tule and delta lands of the Sacramento
and San Joaquin rivers, which are believed to be the rich
est soils in the world.
Hereafter when the volcanoes of Guatemala erupt and
spout ashes the only unfortunate. coffee planters will be
those* whose fincas are outside of the showers. The
users of the coffee. will be interested in knowing whether
the quality of the berry has been improved with the quan
tity.!
VOLCANIC COFFEE.
Anszvers to Queries.
FISHIXG — Fisherman. City. Thera
is fishing for trout in season on the
Russian River above Camp Taylor:
also up on Paper Mill Creek. There
is fishing for salt water fish off. Tib
uron. Sausalito and in Carqulnez
Straits.
The interesting person who established in the United
States the Bertillon system of measuring criminals was
arrested a few days ago on a charge of embezzlement
lie will be in a position shortly to bear eloquent testi
mony to the fact that n fellow is not necessarily either
confident or justified in his course because he is able to
.take his own medicine.
Not Trustzvorthy.
A good story is going the rounds
about a well-known newspaper artist
and a prominent business man. It ap
pears that some two years ago the
artist was in financial straits and made
a borrow of his friend, who was the
head of a prosperous firm. The sum
loaned the artist was §2000 and he
agreed to repay it within two years.
The business man happened to be
flush at the time, so the prospect of
waiting two years for his money did
not bother him much.
The two years passed by and the
artist had not made even a partial
payment. He did not '¦even call upon
the busines man to explain his dere
liction, in fact though he met his
friend almost daily he did not even
mention the fact that he was duly
grateful or in any way make an
acknowledgment of the kindness. Six
month3 after the debt became due the
business man met with reverses and
he found himself very much in need
of the $2000. Accordingly he wrote to
the artist and asked him to try to find
him a little money. His letter brought
back the answer: "Sorry, old man, but
it is impossible."
A-month went by and the business
man found himself more in need of
the money than ever. He determined
to make a personal appeal to the
artist and sent for him. When the
latter appeared the business man lost
no time and informed the artist that
he must have the money. Its a case of
ruin unless part of it Is forthcoming
almost immediately," he said. "Just
make an effort and see if you cannot
raise $500. I'll tell you what I'll do.
Get 5 500 'for me to-morrow and inside
of two weeks I'll let you have it back."
"That's a very decent proposition,"
said the artist, rumlnatively, "and. old
man. 1,'d take it. but I'm afraid I can
not trust you."
. Belf, has been "commanded" to enter
tain the Prince and Princess of Wales
on May 19 and renew an acquaintance
!>#»gun some time ago in New Zealand
under decidedly different circum
' stances. Then he led a war dance for
¦ the amusement of their royal High
nesses. Rangiuia's pood fortune in
.1 <M!!g summoned to court has resulted
in a bombardment of applications for
<.'r.' f -n time and the p'.r.ger already has
Hosed enough engagements to keep
him busy through most of the com
fng season. Then he wants to visit
the United States.
The chieftain came to England
about a year ago in the humble ca
pacity of soloist in a Xew Zealand
band. He had studied the piano and
received all his vocal training in his
own country, had n^ver been away
from the islands and fully in
t^rded 10 return to them -when the
band finished Its tour of the United
Kingdom. But some clever individual
saw social possibilities in the young
' frnuslcian and persuaded him to ar
range a tour on his own account.
Then the noble savage's friends be
pr?Oi arranging for a more ambitious
display of his talents. Several well
known hostesses were Interested, sev
eral engagements to sing at "at
homes" were made, and beginning
with the first of these Rangiuia ceased
to be a singer ot the public concert
Hijge and became strictly a social af
fair. Now every one who hears him
is present by invitation and the young
ll:iori nobleman has revised his pTiccs
to corresi»ond with his increased im
portance.
The chieftain speaks almost perfect
EnsMsh, is extremely well educated and
were it net for his thick lips would be
decidedly good-looking. Excepting the
I 2ii>s his features differ from the negro's;
his color is a bronzed yellow rather
than black, and his hair, while havin?
the coarseness of the African's, is wavy
instead of closely curled. He says he
is under the usual height of his people,
most of v.iiom are over six feet, and in
Kr.srlish clothes he looks even smaller
• than when wearing his professional
costume.
-x The dress Rangiuia wears in the pho
tograph is finely cijun flax decorated
with feathers of the sacred Huiua bird,
end the lower part of it is a family
heirloom more than 200 years old. The
design across the top is not beadwork,
as the picture suggests, but vari-col
ered flax woven into this odd pattern.
"Th«» Maoris have" the finest natural
voices of any people in the world," said
Plangiuia to the writer yesterday at hia
apartment in Kensington^ "Why, the
European girls cannot compare with
.ours, many of whom do not know a
note, afsd never In my life have I heard
anything to equal the native girl's trill.
It's Just like a bird." %
"Do most of the Maoris sing?"
"Well, yes. One of the things a vis
itor to New Zealand never forgets is
the hearing of a large body of »our peo
ple, perhaps a thousand, singing to
gether one of the traditional., songs.
Perfect time and tune they keep, and,
¦what is stranger still, they sing In a
kind of harmony."
The yousf mwj ic tie orjy Maori la
street in the direction whence they
had come. Without any protest the
leading team ambled back up the de
serted street in the direction of home,
a.11 the others following, and the
drivers nodding on their seats all un
knowing 1 .
"Back to the woods," quoth the ir
responsible one.
NATIVE CHIEFTAIN OF AUSTRA
UA WHO ENTERTAINS LONDON
SOCIETY WITH HIS SONGS.
"BACK TO TIIK WOODS." OT'OTII
THK IRRESPONSIBLE NEWS
PAPER SCRIBE.
'A Memory of May.
Heigh-ho!— it's an age ago.
And yet. it was yesterday
You stood hero in the blossoms.
And the world was singing. "May!"
And you laughed to see those blossom*
with the frolic wind at play!
Don't you remember — the children
Were playing in the street.
And clapped their hands as the breezes
tossed
The violets at your feet?
And came, and asked to kiss you — those
lips so red and sweet!
And you said, of a bird's glad singing.
There — in the bloom and light;
"He sings, 'Love says, good morning.
And never knows Rood night!' "
(O, the skies were blue as the eyes of
you. and the clouds were fast in
flight!)
The seasons are brief dreamers!^
River, and field, and plain
Laugh ir. the light of morning;
Dear, it is May again!
And the bird that sang of the love yotk
dreamed, sings of that love in
vain !
And I see the rosy children
There — in the dear old street.
And I wonder if they are dreaming
Of a vanished face and sweet —
If the lips they kissed are mourned — ar*
missed — if they long those lips to
meet?
I would kiss their rosy faces —
Fair as Rowers i' the dew;
But the bird up there Is singing.
And my kisses went with you!
And tfie rain of the years; — love's bitte?
tears — is over your eyes of blue!
— Atlanta Constitution.
Local Pride.
"Local pride," said Lieutenant Com
mander Lucien Young of the United
States navy, "is very well, but It can
easily be overdone. Admiral Dewey
recognized that fact during- the war
with Spain. He heard that certain new
war vessels were to be named, respect
ively, 'Tale* and 'Harvard.' 'Good
Idea,' he declared, 'let us have more of
the same evidence of pride in our Insti
tutions. Why not name the next one
the "College of Physicians and Sur
geons." and then give us the "Massa
chusetts Institute of Technology? —
Success.
THE stablemen's strike in this city has proceeded
on the usual lines of picket and boycott, of which
the community is tolerant while they are peaceably
pursued. .But the peace has been repeatedly broken and
the breach has been condoned by the officers of the law
until the expected has happened- Gathering courage
from immunity the violent men, who deny to others the
rights claimed for themselves, have resorted to violent
assaults, carried out in the most cowardly way.
On Sunday four men under the leadership of one who
has enjoyed official leniency until he seems to have as
sumed that he carries a license to violence, set upon a
peaceable citizen working inoffensively at his vocation
under the protection of the laws of his country, and
dragging him from his wagon proceeded to attempt al
most his murder. The four ruffians jumped on him while
prostrate, beat and kicked him in his face and body, and
the leader, with a pitchfork for a weapon, struck the tines
in his face and beat him with it, fracturing his skull.
This is not the first deadly assault led or committed by
this fellow. He was arrested a few days ago while lead
ing an attack on a defenseless and unoffending citizen.
It was proved that he carried as a deadly weapon a
piece of gas p'PC- When brought to trial he was ac
quitted. As a result of that acquittal we have the assault
of Sunday and probably the death of its victim-
Police magistrates and the law officers of this city
may as well understand now as later on that the people
of San Francisco demand that this lawlessness and
murder cease. The day has gone by when personal as
saults and mob murder are to be overlooked because they
occur in a labor dispute and are punished when they
occur in some other kind of dispute. Men have the right
to work and the right to quit work. No man has the
right to compel another to quit work by murdering him
if he refuse. Business men have the right to peacefully
transact their business with their peace undisturbed by
insults addressed cither to them or their patrons. These
r<ghts are primordial.
Much excitement lias been caused here by the propo
sition to prohibit public meetings on the streets on the
ground that they impair the use of the public thorough
fare. Those who demand the right to use the streets for
meeting put their demand on the ground of free speech.
The right to peaceably use the streets while engaged
in a peaceable industry is just as sacred as the right of
free speech and is more important. Those who want to
speak can resort to a hall. An American laboring man
cannot hire a hall in which to earn his living or in which
to travel to and from his work- The unobstructed use
of the streets for such purposes is his imprescriptible
right, and a Government that will not protect him in it
is unworthy his allegiance.
All that the people of San Francisco ask is the en
forcement of the law against all who violate it and that
those who have sworn to enforce it be impeached if
they continue to encourage violence and mob murder.
VIOLENCE MUST STOP.
D. H. Burnham, the distinguished architect, who has
been giving us visions of sweetness and light in town
beauty, has accepted the task of submitting a compre
hensive plan for the adornment of San Francisco. Let us
hope that charity and good will .will possess him and that
in necessity he may not suggest that we move out, tear
down and begin all over again under the inspiration of
reason and common sense in civic architecture.
£12 a year, and a maid of all work gets
never more than £5 a year. At Easter
every servant gets a present, generally
a suit or dress.
Every other Sunday the servants in
a Russian household are entirely free.
Their works stops Saturday night after
supper, when the servants leave the
house not to return until the next Mon
day morning. The employers never ask
where or how the free time is spent.
Russians servants will pilfer. Sine;
Russian ladles leave everything to the
care of the servants, the latter do as
they please.
The men servants smoke cigars be
longing to their masters and pay fre
quent visits to the wine cellars of the
house, but a gentleman would consider
it "demeaning" himself to prosecute a
servant for this.
The Russian servants will talk about
fellow-servants, but never about their
employers. Even when they quit one
place and take service in another fam
ily they never * mention anything
about their former masters. This dis
cretion goes so far that even the law
considers it. In Russia the law ex
cludes servants as witnesses again3t
their former or present employers, so
long, at least, as these servants are
not suspected of having taken part in
the crime.— London Mail.
Macri Concert Singer.
FpecisJ Correspondence.
• HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
F HENRIETTA STREET. CO VENT
GARDEN, LONDON. May 6.— Here Is
r. rather striking photograph of Lon
• don's latest fad in the artistic way—
the simon pure Maori chieftain, who.
Vlad in the picturesque costume
rhown in the picture. Is singing native
vongs of his own composition in fasn
•kmable drawing-rooms here and *Tio
tolls me that he is planning a descent
on the United States later on.
Rangiula. as the Maori calls him-
Pay for tlve Solons.
It says much for the unselfish pa
triotism of the Briton that he is the
only man in the world who is willing
to put his hand into his pocket and
pay on an average something like £500
a year, counting his election expenses,
for the privilege of giving his time
and labor to the making of his coun
try's laws; and one cannot wonder
that now and then a member of Par
liament, when he sees how. differently
things are arranged in other countries,
is anxlouB to have matters put on a
different footing.
The American lawmaker^ so far from
allowing his patriotism to deplete his
purse, thinks that he has well earned
the £1000 a year \yhich Congress pays
him for his legislative services; and
when this little income is supplemented
by manv convenient perquisites, such
as an allowance of £2 odd for station
ery and a dollar for every five miles
of traveling, he pockets his pride and
accepts them as only his fair due. The
French Deputy does not fare quite so
well; but at any rate he can always
rely on drawing his 625 francs a month
for his Parliamentary services, and he
never thinks of paying his own travel
ing expenses to and from Paris.
The colonies are so far from follow
ing the maternal example of making
their legislators pay for the privilege
of working, that In Victoria and New
South Wales each member of the Leg
islature receives an income of £300 a
year. South Australia pays her M. P.'s
a hundred a year less, and Queensland
an annual £150, to which Is added a
right to travel anywhere in the whole
continent of Australia free of cost. The
Canadian Senate and House of Com
mons alike pay their members a sal
ary of £200 a year, and 5d for every
mile they travel to and from Ottawa.
The members of the Legislative As
sembly of Quebec receive £200 a year
each, of Ontario £120, Nova Scotia
£100, Manitoba £110, British Columbia
£8ft. and New Brunswick as little as
£60. It cannot be said that such pay
monts err on the side of extravagance,
but thev are at any rate some recog
nition of good services ungrudgingly
rendered. In the Legislative Assembly
of Cape Colony a sliding scale is ob
served, the average remuneration of
members being about a guinea for each
day of attendance, with an extra al
lowance for traveling to members who
live some distance from Cape Town.
Norway looks after her legislators
with almost maternal solicitude. If
they fall ill she provides a doctor to
attend to them; she keeps them in
health by providing baths and a gymna
sium for their use, and even retains a
dentist to stop or extract a troublesome
molar. In addition to all these small
attentions she pays them a little more
than the equivalent of ll v shillings a
day for every day they devote to her
service, and not only pays their railway
fares, but allows them a daily 11 shill
ings for traveling and subsistence. It
is little wonder that legislation is pop
ular in the land of the Norsemen. Swe
den, however, is not nearly as consid
erate a mother, for she does not insult
her "House of Lords" by offering any
payment for its sen-ices, and she thinks
the equivalent of 6 shillings a day am
ple for each member of the lower
chamber: and if he is inconsiderate
enough to absent himself she fines him
nearly double the amount of his day's
wages. Denmark, not content with pay
ing her legislators a lawyer's fee of
six and eightpenee a day. together with
actual out-of-pocket expenses when
traveling, provides them with a free
seat at the Theater Royal whenever
they seek relaxation from work — an ex
ample which other countries might per
haps do well to follow.
Germany does not place a very high
value on the labors of her men of Par
liament, but if she pays them salaries
at which an average city elerk might
turn up his nose, she does not ask them
to pay a pfennig for their traveling,
whether on pleasure or duty bent. The
German legislative salaries range from
7 shillings a day in Saxe-Coburg to a
daily 12 shillings in Baden; but to this
small emolument must be abided free
traveling in Baden, and second-class
fares and three shillings a day for
"sundries" in Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
The Bavarian M. P. who does not live
in Munich receives 10 shillings a day
for his attendance, with, as nearly as
possible, tenpence a mile for his travel
ing. Hungary looks after her legislators
of the lower house, who number 453, to
the extent of paying them £200 a year
and allowing them to travel at cheap
rates, while, as a crowning considera
tion, che allows each member nearly
£70 a year for house rent.— The Hour
glass.
'A Champion Liar.
Breaking engagements does not wor
ry the Sultan of Sulu. He kept Major
General Bates waiting for him at Sulu
for nearly two months, breaking en
gagement after engagement. At the
time first appointed, instead of the Sul
tan, his brother and Hadji Butu, his
Prime Minister, arrived in Sulu and
explained to General Bates that "his
Highness" deeply regretted his in
ability to be present, as his religious
festivities were just beginning and
would keep him at Maibun, the Moro
capital, several days: but he would
surely come as soon as the festivities
were over. Another meeting was agreed
upon. Again the Sultan failed to ap
pear, and his Prime Minister, with pro
fuse apologies, assured the general that
hi3 master was suffering so with boils
on his neck and arms that he could
not put on his coat, and without it
he could not even think of appearing
before a great American general. Thus
two months were frittered away, and
then the American soldier decided that
as he was In a Mohammedan land, he
would do as Mohammed did when the
mountain failed to call.
He is the best single-handed liar in
the . Philippines, says , Everybody's
Magazine. And as there are few Fili
pinos who will not lie frequently, de
liberately and persistently, that is say
ins a srood deal.
A Morning Comedy.
Those belated individuals who are
on the streets in the wee sma* hours of
the morning have ears attuned to the
milk wagon's rattle and the rumble of
the vegetable wagons coming in from
the wilds of Ocean View and Colma.
Every dawning there comes down
Market street a long line of these
creaking vans of hardy cabbages, fes
tive radishes and delicate squashes
for the delectation of sleeping San
Francisco. At Montgomery street
they turn and pass down to the mar
kets along "Washington and Sansome
streets. So accustomed have the
horses become to the way that the^
drivers have only to give them their*
heads and then they sleep all the way
from the truck gardens over back of
the hills down to the stalls where they
unload.
Not many mornings ago when the
rumble of the presses told that the
weary newspaper men were released
for the night a little party of them
were crossing Market street, when
their way was blocked by the proces
sion of vegetable wagons, one behind
the'other. The drivers were all nod
ding on their seats and the foremost
team was leading the way for the
caravan. One of the irresponsible
newspaper scribes gravely stepped to
the heads of the first team, seized
their bridles, and, giving them a wide
turn, set their faces back up Market
OAKLAND, Berkeley and Alameda have enthusi
'astically and appropriately celebrated the arrival
of a train at the Oakland terminus of the Santa
Fe line. Remotely the event now celebrated took form
when the San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
road was organized, began work on its line between
Stockton and Bakersfield, and put in what far-seeing
men understood would be one day a link in a transcon
tinental system.
That road, in its original ownership, was projected
from Stockton to San Francisco Bay, finding a terminal
on deep water at Point Richmond, where ship and car
come together and where already an important and per
manent population has Been planted, thriving upon the
activities that have been brought into being by trans
portation facilities. But in Berkelej-, Oakland and Ala
meda is a population of 125,000, to be served by an Oak
land terminal, especially for passenger business.
It was evident that after acquiring the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley line the Santa Fe could not long
overlook that large and growing population. Therefore
only the expected has happened in the opening of the
new terminal. By it Point Richmond becomes a suburb
of Oakland, tributary to its commerce and the adopted
child of its enterprise.
Seen from the bay there is a continuous city from
Berkeley to Alameda. Looking upon it one feels that
the aspiration of Mayor Olney for embracing it all in one
city and county organization is soon to be realized. Such
a population under one government and governed wisely
will soon show on that side of the bay a great city, not
the rival but the companion of San Francisco, with a
combined energy and enterprise capable of- the greatest
achievements. More than that, it needs no clairvoyance
to see Point Richmond extending southward until there
is a contact population from the point 'clear to Alameda.
These desirable steps forward come as the legitimate
result of new transportation facilities, under which use
and benefit expand. It is capable of proof that the com
ing of the Santa Fe from Bakersfield north has not
abridged the business of the Southern Pacific. It simply
created new business, so that both lines are taxed to
their capacity. This development is due entirely to the
new line, and should teach the people the stimulating
elfect of new facilities. The old arc not crippled nor in
jured, but the community is thrilled by a mighty im
pulse under which actually new additions are made to its
producing and consuming power.
Probably Oakland was the most obdurate of all com
munities to the reception of this great commercial truth.
It had the habit of opposition to railroads, arising in his
toric antagonism to the Central Pacific. Whatever
ground that opposition had was fancifully expanded by
politicians until the people settled down to the convic
tion that the Central Pacific had them shut in, that an
other line was impossible, and all they could do was
fight like spiders in a bottle. Of course there was no
validity in this view. Any line could condemn a right of
way across the Central Pacific track as readily as across
any other property, and the plain duty of the city for
protective purposes was to withdraw its energies from
lighting the road it had into securing another. But the
habit of opposition was so fixed that when Senator Fair
sought an outlet from his Fourteenth-street terminus, in
order to do with his narrow gauge line just what is now
accomplished through the San Francisco and San Joa
quin Valley line, Oakland hammered him to a standstill
and compelled him in despair to sell out to the Southern
Pacific.
All this is changed now. We refer to it at all only by
comparison to mark the high change that has come over
the east side of the bay. The railroad the people fought
so long is now at peace with them — a real peace, not an
armed truce. The new one that has come to them in
spite of the old and evil traditions which so long in
fluenced them against their own progress, is in touch with
every interest of the three cities concerned, and they
have made a holiday to give it jocund welcome
and a glad greeting. It is a new start from
a new base line entirely. In no part .of the
United States is an event as significant scored for
the opening year. Around this bay is destined to be
planted the most dense and enterprising and prosperous
population to be found on the planet. All that is needed
is to fellowship the factors that make it possible to real
ize all that is in the physical conditions and the commer
cial geography of the location.
Enterprise will ceaselessly act and react upon and be
tween the east and west sides of the bay. Their devel
opment will call for more facilities, more ferries, more
railroads, until in a future that is even now carmining the
horizon it will seem like one vast assemblage of busy
people. The ferries will be merely the extension of busi
ness streets, and there will be a panorama of homes and
manufactories and business buildings the most alluring
to be seen on the earth.
In Oakland is the spirit of it all. Her Santa Fe day is
the overture to an industrial concert whose glad chords
will stir a future more glorious than man has' seen.
SANTA FE DAY.
profits that were realized from three acres only of orange
bearing trees on a first year crop in the citrus belt of the
county.
To the broad stretch of valley that sweeps up from
Sacramento to the foothills about Red Bluff the record
published by the Chamber of Commerce devotes full
meed of careful statistics and restrained analysis both
of existing conditions and of the outlook for the future.
The great wealth of the wheat and the vine, the burden
borne by countless fruit trees, the opportunities offered
by grazing lands and the possibilities that lie in the de
velopment of electric power; all these topics find place
in the exploitation of the Sacramento Valley.
No,t the least valuable part of the booklet and the fea
ture that must mark it as unique is the chapter entitled
"The Land of Opportunities" from the pen of George C.
Pardee. When a State's Governor is willing to help in
the work promotion must be successful.
. ; ¦ — v
Europe at present, and probably the
only one of his race who ever has occu
pied the concert stage. He is surprised
to discover how little the English peo
ple know of his race, and is confident
that he will be enough of a novelty* in
the United States to be a great suc
cess.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. 'SPRECKELS, Proprietor . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office — <l^||i|^> Third and Market Streets, SL 9.
TUESDAY i. MAY 17, ISXH
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8OAKLAND, May 16. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Clarence H.
Poindexter, 23, Portland, Or., and
Mary O. Gundry, 22, Berkeley; Alex
ander R. Robertson, 23, San Francisco,
and Maude B. Harkinson. 19, Berke
ley. .
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, May 16. — A will contest
has been begun over the last testa
ment of the late Leroy D. Fletcher,
who died\ recently, leaving an estate
valued at S2S.500. He disinherited his
widow, May E. Fletcher, and his son,
Albert. Lavinla Emerson, a massage
artist, and her son, Frank, were left
a share of the estate and Fletcher's
brother came in for the balance.
Mother and son declare the deceased
was not in his right mind.
Contest Over Will.
A picturesque scene was enacted on
the campus this morning, when the
members of the senior class made their
"pilgrimage" to all the college halls to
bid good-by after an acquaintance of |
four undergraduate years. The mem- j
bers of the graduating class, some 300 '
in number — the men in their battered i
senior plugs and duck trousers, and the j
women with red parasols and snowy |
white dresses— made the slow circuit of
the campus, stopping long enough at
each of the buildings to listen to one
of their number say the last .word in
behalf of the department which the
building represented. /
One new feature was added to the
pilgrimage, of this year, and that was
the unveiling of the bronze tablet to the
memory of Professors Joseph and John
Le Conte. . The ceremony took place
under the shade of the venerable Le
Conte oak on the lower campus. On
this day six years ago the tablet was ]
placed in the fork of the oak by the
class of '9S as a mark of respect. With
in the last few months it was found
that the tablet placed in the tree was
endangering Its life, and it was decided
to place it on a granite pedestal along
side the <J?kkl A brief dedication speech
was made by Richard O'Connor, a
member of the graduating class.
Scott Hendrlcks, president of the se
nior class, was the first speaker of the
pilgrimage. He devoted his remarks to
a discussion of college loyalty and the
matter of permanently organizing the
class. His forceful remarks were re
ceived with enthusiasm. Max Thelen
was the speaker at South Hall and J.
E. Roadhouse at the agricultural build-
Ing. MIbs Tallulah Le Conte, in behalf
of her classmates, bade gqod-by to
Hearst Hall, the headquarters of " the
women students. At the chemistry
Suilding there were ..the usual chem
ical pyrotechnics^ under . the direction
of Jacob Neighbor. At the mechanics'
building Fletcher Hamilton made a
short speech: The pilgrimage closed at
North Hall, where Phil ,Carey deliv
ered an interesting address. He spoke
of the lasting quality of the friendships
formed at college, and especially on
North Hall -steps..
THE PILGRIMAGE.
During the Intermission between the
first and second parts Arthur W. North
presented the North '95 medal to Olie
Fielding Snedlgar as a reward for his
faithful work as an athlete.
Warfleld Meany, Irvine Pehlesslnger Metzler,
William Warner Mott. Albert Henry Mowbray.
Everett Carlos Murdoch, Carleton Hubbell
Parker, Cleland Waterman Rohrer, Edwy
Knight Stafford. Holland S^arles Payson,
Charles Reginald Perrier, Otto Wallar.e Poter
5on, Morris Rhine, Eric Julius Ronentirn.
Frederick Thomas Blanchard. George Russell
Shuey, Stanley Henry Sinshelmer, William
Clyde Smith, Leslie Wr!«cht?vn Stocker. Paul
Thflen. Rolf Thelen. Stanley Victor Walton.
George Gaylord Watson. Howard Thompson
Wayne, John Alfred Wllcox, Carlos Greenleaf
White, George Samuel Young.
Greek birds — Paul Ltgda, Fred Lyle John
ston. Victor Ligda, George Stafford Johnson,
Francis John Girard. Edwsn Dwinell Wllcox,
Bennet Butler Boyd, Edward Lee Soule.
ALAMEDA, May 16. — While wit
nessing the exercises at the Santa Fe
depot to-day Mr. Farrell, a member of
the Merchants' Exchange, had^ a dia
mond scarf pin snatched from Its
fastening by a thief. Several other
thefts of a similar nature have been
reported, the thieves evidently taking
advantage of the large crowd.
Thief Steals Scarf Pin.
OAKLAND. Ma»16. — The famous
Weyman romance, "A Gentleman of
France^" was presented for the first
time in this city this evening by the
Neill company at Ye -Liberty Theater,
and the work of. James Neill in the
character of Gaston de Marsac was ex
cellent. Miss Eydthe Chapman, as
Mile, de la Vlre, fully equaled her
rendition of the character of Cigarette
in "Under Two Falgs."
Miss Grace Wishaar, the scenic
artist of Ye Liberty Theater, has pre
pared an entirely new set of scenery
for the play.'
The management of the theater en
tertained as guests the officials of the
Santa Fe Company and also the crew
of the first Santa Fe train into Oak
land.
Crew of the First Train Guests
. ¦ at ¦ the Theater.
Officials of Santa Fe Company and
XEELIi COMPANY PRESENTS
FAMOUS FRENCH ROMANCE
OAKLAND. May 16. — The closing
exercises of the Rockefeller Rhetorical
Society of California College were held
Friday evening in the college chapel
and diplomas were awarded to the fol
lowing graduates: Miss Helen Bunks,
Miss Alice Bunks, Glenn Johnson, Ar
thur Bennett and Creed W, Lathrop.
Miss Maud Twyman,. the president
of the society, delivered an address on
the topic .of "The Debt 'We Owe to
Foreigners," and Creed W. Lathrop
delivered an oration on "Government
Ownership of Railroads." The pro
gramme was concluded with a farce,
entitled "The Nephew as His Uncle."
Graduates Receive Diplomas.
Young Boy Reported Missing.
Joseph Cresalia, a youth residing at
817 Union street, was reported missing
yesterday to the police.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— The second
quarterly report of Professor William
Alexander Sutherland, in charge of the
Filipino students in the United States,
has been received by the Bureau of In
sular Affairs of the War Department.
Professor Sutherland speaks of the ex
cellent health of the students who
spent their first winter in Southern
California, and also of the satisfactory
progress made in their school work.
i The present plan is to collect the stu
dents at some suitable place after the
school year is over and glv«' them a
special summer course along the lines
where special work is needed, and then,
after a short visit to the St. Louis
Fair, to place them in schools and col
leges In the Central States.
The students, as far as they have ex
pressed themselves, desire to pursue a
variety of callings upon their return to
their island homes. One-quarter of
them expect to become teachers. Some
desire to be civil englners, others de
sire to pursue a commercial course, a
few wish to study medicine, two are
eager to enter the Naval Academy at
Annapolis and then find employment in
the coastwise service of the Philip
pines.
A few desire to study scientific agri
culture and it is suggested that they
be placed in some Southern agricul
tural college in order, to secure practi
cal training in the cultivation of rice,
sugar and cotton, as well as acquaint
ance with modern agricultural instru
ments. V
Miss California chorus — Pearl Florence
Pitcher, Nettle Grace Abbott. Adelaide Garfleld
Bartlett. Mabel Adelaide Hazlett, Dorinda
Elizabeth Whltten, Jacoblne Ida Maurer,
Alice Mildred Clark. Alma Fancher Petter,
Marian Stone. Rose Moskowltz. Jettora Eliza
beth Watkins. Ethel Myrta Bayley. Mabel
Gaines, Jeannette Evelyn McKay, Edna Olive
Branch, Alice Cyril Dwyer. Elede Prince, Lu
ella May Morgan, Sophie Schroder, Mary Eva
P.oot, Margaret McKeany, Clara Mabel Cooley.
PI Beta Phi chorus — Misses Wayman Atter
bury, Alice Elizabeth Watkln*. Alva Elizabeth
Earle, Amy Ectella Hunter, Reubena Teressa
Jess. I8a Belle Henderson, Georgia Klnkald
Rattan, Edith Ware Wynne, Zoe Lois Zart
man. Susie Melrose Daniels. Hazel Maude
Hoffman, Charlotte Mayborn Whitney, Faith
SI oup.
Fnrulty chorus — Melvln Garfleld Jeftresn.
Pcul Llpda, Victor Llgrda, Fr*d Lyla Johnston,
Arnold Merrltt Baldwin, George Stafford John
son, Francis John Girard, Frederick Sylvanus
Ray, Edward Lee Soule.
Gymnasium girl* — Frank Armand Mandel
(leader). Eugene Clyde La Rue. Edward Sch
weitzer Abenhelm, George Russell Shuey, Otto
Wallace Peterson. Harold Arlow Morrison,
Meurlce Richards Van Wormer. Jerome Baker
White.
Jury to try Anyman— Foreman. Oliver
Youngs Jr.: J. Budweiser, Paul Alnyslus Mc-
Carthy: J. 8. E. Moore. Clinton Forest Leh
man; That's All Wilson. Leo Kink Kennedy;
IjiH Wurtzbercer. Morris Rhine; K. E. G.
Pabst, Albert Henry Mowbray; I. M. Echlltz.
John Rlchnrd McCulloch; Cyrus Noble. Leo
Victor Korbel; R. A. T. S. Rainier, Holland
Searlep Parson; Sky Highball, John Drum
tnond MacGavln: B. Durham. Arthur Hobart
Hallor&n; S D. Water, 4Charles Reginald Per
rler ¦ " • • .•.¦¦,*:-
Witnesses against. Anyman — Rush McComas,
Everett Carlos Murdoch: Olln Wellborn. Stan
ley Victor Walton: Jack Geary, Carleton Hub
bell Parker. Willie Wllcox. Beverly Forbes
Hathaway: Harty Grcensfelder. William Clyde
Brr.lth: Heinle Heltmullpr. Morris Vale Lowry.
School Klrls— Kdlth Alexander. Etbel Myrta
Bayley Louiee Josephine Beardsley. Nina Lov
ell Benuchamp. Alice Claire Blxby. Sellna
Burnton Mabel Blum; LHIIp Myrtle Bowman.
FrancM? Virginia Bufford. Irma Lillian Car
ruth. Luly Frances CoIHuks. Belle Cooledpe.
Annie Chubb Ruby Carver. Amy Oeofgeanna'
Dye. Ann Evans. Isabel Evans. Lillian . Ger
trude Flelsher. Isabel - Oarwood. Leila Edith
Gates Bertha Groxeller, Alice Huat, Cora
Elizabeth Hampel. Margaret Henderson. Ma
belle Hust Eusenla May Hoey. Suale ; Emma
Jordan. Rose Eugenia Kavanagh, Marie Burs
cough Lennon. Cora Abbtt Lasell. Myrtle
Me acham. Manrarite MIklau. Jeannette Evelyn
McKay Ines McQulddy. Margaret McKeaney.
Mabel Lorenn Nelson Edith Nicholson. Ruth
Doel Radcllff. Adele Rehflseh. Lucy Margaret
Robinson. Gertrudg Wllhelmlne Smith, Anna
Kalfus Spero. Maud Louise Stocking, Hester
Ann Tallmon. Escle Tobriner. Anabel Tulloch
Charlotte Reed Weaver. Blanche. California
Well! Bernice Emille Woodburn. Katharine
Llna Woodford, Natalie ' Wollenberg. Virginia
Whltehead. „."..• v
School boys — Wllllem Woods Adams, Grcrgo
Herbert Arthur, Henry Giles Baldwia Otis
Dyer Baldwin, Stott IngalU Bea&er. Milton
Juliun Blackman. Frederick Thomas Rlancliard,
Frank John Booth.- (Bonnet Butler Boyd.
Arthur . Mcntasrue CoolJy, Lambert Coblents:,
Eujrerw Metcalf Farnham, } Arthur William
Foster. Sylvan Lewis Hans, Arthur Hobart
Hallorsui. Fletcher ¦ McXutt Hamilton, Roger
Lee Beals, Beverly. Forbes Hathaway. Samuel
I Jacobs, Fred Austin Dick, Leo Klner Kennedy,
i Eusrene Sterling KUgorc, Leo Victor Korbel,
Eugene La Rue, Clinton Forest ' Lehman, Ed
mund Houshton Sawyer, Morris . Val» Lowry,
Herbert Parn«U Mackle. Jolin.DruTimf>nd Mac-
Gavln, Frank Armand . Mandel. Panl Aloyslus
McCarthy. John Richari : McCulloch; Anthony
The extravaganza marked the last
of the fetes of the class of '04, for on
next Wednesday it will be graduated
from the university. It attracted an
immense crowd to the Greek Theater
and there were 8000 people sitting upon
the massive cement tiers. The day
ideal for Class day and the ar
rangement complete. The cast and
choruses of the extravaganza include
the following named:
Teacher, Scott Hendrlcks; Anyman. Fletcher
McNutt Hamilton; Bad Boy, Carleton Hubbelt
Parker; Bad Girl, Tallulah Le Conte; Sutton,
Paul LIgda; MJsa California. Eduarda Carolyn
Howard; Phedre, Beatrice Mary Snow; Maid
of Phedre. Bessie Imogen Forue; Tom Morris
sey, Frederick Thomas Blanchard; Professor
Gayley. John White Geary; Professor Moses,
Frederick Sylvanus Ray; Judge, Maurice Rich
ards Van Wormer; Bailiff, Jerome Baker
White; Death, Philip Martin Carey; Crammer,
Olln Wellborn Jr.; Fellowship Roy James Som
ers; Riches, Jack Morris Levy; Bad Deeds,
Corvis Barre Hart; society girls — Sarah Flor
ence McLean, Marion Whitneld Leale Grace
Miles Parker, Marlon Burness, Evangeline
Gray. Gertrude Lucile Mosher; society men —
"William Woods Adams, Arthur William Fos
ter, John Alfred Wllcox. Melvln Garfleld Jef
fress, Otis Dyer Baldwin, Qeorge Gaylord Wat
eon; gods — Edw. Schweitzer Abcnhelra, Jacob
Lyman Neighbor, Samuel Mossman Stow, Fred
erick Lewis Blxby, Emlle Rector Abadie,
Carleton Allsopp Curtis; goddesses — Grace
Pauline Fouds, Saldee Martha Sturtevant Mar
tha Bowen Rice, Portia Ackerman. Hllma Hil
degarde Jont-e, Rosalind Wulzen.
(Students — Junior Class Man, Milton Julius
Blackman; Delta U. Man, Sylvan Lewis Haas;
Stanley Symmes, Herbert Pamall Mackte;
Paul Thelen. Lambert Coblents; Max Thelen,
Rolf Thelen; Rolf Thelen, Irving Schlesslnger
Metzler; Phil Carey, William Warner Mott;
Dick O'Connor, George Samuel Young; Jack
Levy, Scott Install* Beaser; William Mott.
Eugene Sterling Kilgore; Willie Wllcox, Bev
erly Forbes Hathaway; Gene Hallett. Arthur
Montague Cooley; Gi*?sle White, Carlos Green
leaf White.
BERKELEY, Mav 16.— There was
recompense for four years of toil for
the graduating class of the University
of California this afternoon. It came
in the joy and frolic of an extravagant
extravaganza that called out the his
tronlc talent of th,e whole senior class.
In "Anyman Can't Graduate" two stu
dent authors crowded together the
humors and tragedies of a year, par
odying all of them. They dipped into
the' grim tale of "Everyman" and they
stole the thunder of '"The Birds of
Aristophanes." Even the classic
"Phedre" searched for her wad' of
gum beneath the plush of her throne.
The faculty suffered, too, for its sins.
Professors Bernard Moses and Charles
Mills Gayley, the co-ed haters, and
Recorder Sutton, the iconoclast of the
university, met deserving fates.
Of "Anyman," the authors of the ex
travaganza, Carleton H. Parker apd
Arthur L. Price, found a youth who
could really graduate from the country
school. His fellows who dreamed of
other things . wanted to graduate, too,
but Recorder Sutton was there and he
wouldn't let them. Thus "Anyman"
incurs the ill-will of the unfortunate
ones and "Death" condemns him to
the grave. The kindly offices of Miss
California save him, however, at the
critical moment and his life is saved,
though he can't graduate.
"Death," in the person of Philip
Carey, carried a shudder to everybody
in the audience. Fletqher Hamilton,
as Anyman, was at first defiance and
then penitence personified. Carleton
Parker and Miss Tallulah Le Conte as
the "Bad Boy" and the "Bad Girl,"
were as mischievous as the offspring
of the famous Mr. Peck. Miss Edu
arda Howard, as Miss California,
looked fetching in a gown of blue and
gold and led a chorus of pretty girls
representing California poppies. Paul
Ligda's Recorder Sutton might not
have been told apart from the original
Recorder Sutton, so faithful was the
impersonation.
CAST AXD CHORUSES.
All of yesterday's session of the Unit
ed States District Qourt was taken up
by W. H. H. Hart and A. R. Cotton,
attorneys for George W. Rumble, in
attempting to show that the Old Glory
mine, in Butte County, had produced
sufficient gold under Rumble's manage
ment to pay 2 per cent monthly divi
dends to the . numerous stockholders
east of the Rocky Mountains.
Ira Pease,, president of the Sunset
Mining Company, said he had been
present at numerous weekly "clean
ups" in the Old Glory and that
he had seen aa many r.s 300 ounces of
gold taken from the sluice boxes at one
time. The smallest weekly output of
gf-ld that h«- could remember was four
teen cr fifteen ounces, and such small
clean-ups were not frequent.
Henry Gutches and John Bull Jr.,
New York brokers, who had sold sev
eral thousand shares of stock for Rum
ble on commission, swore that the for
mer had seen a clean-up of $3050 and
Mr. Bull a clean-up of ninety-six
ounces, Mr. Rumble being present at
both golden accouchements.
Hart A. Hardinge, a legal luminary
from Los Gatos. told how he had been
introduced by Rumble in March or
April of last year to "a Mr. Chapman,"
who was cashier of the fake Alliance
Bank of Rumble's, and who has never
been seen or heard, of since.
Several Old Glory miners, employes
of Rumble, testified that it was no un
common event to pick up nuggets val
ued at $25 or $30 each. '
Ben L. McKinley. counsel for the
prosecution, will ask Judge de Haven
this morning to require Rumble to fur
nish new bonds. The prosecution has
learned that the Union, Surety and
Guaranty Company of Philadelphia,
which furnished the $3000 bond for
Rumble, has been adjudged a bank
rupt.
College Halls Are Visited,
Speeches Made and Le
Conte -Tablet Is Unveiled
Most Wish to Be Teachers,
but Several Ask Instruc
tion in Other Employment
Defense, Seeks to Prove
That the Mine Produced
Two Per Cent Dividends
TAKE LAST PILGRIMAGE
FIND LINES OF. WORK
LOS GATOS MAN SWEARS
Filipino Students, on a Visit
to the United States, De
velop a Desire to Learn
Graduating Students at Uni
versity of California Pre
sent Clever Extravaganza
Bumble's Witnesses Testify
I Much Gold Was Taken
in the Weekly Clean-Ups
The Board of Education yesterday
agred to fix the minimum salary of
teachers in the Public School Depart
ment at $60 per month Instead of $50
as it -is at present. Under the exist
ing schedule a gradual increase is al
lowed for teachers who have from one
to six years' experience, but the new
regulation will make no allowance for
School Directors Agree to Fix the
Lowest Wage at ?60 Per Month,
With Gradual Increase.
BOARD RAISES. MINIMUM
SALARY OP TEACHERS
It has long been the custom of the
club to annually bestow upon a chosen
member of the California or Stanford
university a scholarship in Harvard,
and following this precedent those
present at last evening's affair con
ferred this honor on Student Blanchard
of Berkeley, he having received the
unanimous indorsement of the faculty
of that institution. "Last year a stu
dent of Stanford was the fortunate re
cipient of the scholarship.
part it takes in the affairs of the coun
try.
•Professor James Barr Ames, dean of
the Harvard Law School, who came to
the coast several days ago for the pur
pose of delivering a lecture at Stanford
University, was a guest of honor at the
quarterly dinner of the Harvard Club
last evening, given at Delraonico's.
T*he function was attended by about
six&y former graduates of Harvard, In
cluding several of the Federal and
Stable judiciary, prominent members of
the. bar and medical professions, repre
sentatives cf the faculties of the Cali
fornia and Stanford universities.
An incident of the gathering most
pleasing to Professor Ames was the
fact that seated near him at the dinner
v.iyo throe graduates of the first class
he taught at Harvard, John B. Carson,
Jesse W. Lilienthal end William
Thomaa. eminent in the legal profes
sion of this city. Fairfax H. Whelan,
president cf the club, acted as toast
mister of the occasion, of which the
principal speakers were Professor
Ames, Dr. E. R. Taylor, Judge Hunt,
John McNaught, Judge Sloss and
Judge Davis. The general theme of the
speakers was the university and the
teachers who have had from one to
four years' experience. In other
words, all teachers who have had such
experience, whether it be one or four
years, will begin to earn $60 from the
date of their appointment.
The graduated increase will begin
after one year's service in the depart
ment, when $2 50 additional will be
allowed. An ascending Bcale will then
be granted until the teachers of pri
mary grades will have received a
maximum of $76 and those of gram
mar grades $83 per month. It will
take eight years for a teacher to reach
the maximum salary under the revised
schedule.
The board ascertained that It will
require about $7000 yearly to put the
change into effect and some 300 teach
ers will be affected at once thereby.
The board to-day will inspect and
adopt the plans for the enlargement
of the Dudley Stone and Richmond
schools. The plans were prepared by
the Board of Public Works.
SENIOR CLASS
SAYS GOOD-BY
KINDLING FIRE
FOR EDUCATION
HART PROSPECTS
THE OLD GLORY
PROFESSOR JAMES BARR AMES GUEST
OF HONOR AT HARVARD CLUB DINNER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904.
It Is not the Santa Fe cheap rates to"
the St. Louis World's Fair that make
everybody, wish to go that way. . The.real
reason" is thSt the trains do not jar or
rack the nerVes; the trainmen are-polite
and help women and children, and In
every.wayit is the Comfortable Way.
The reduced rate Is good on' the finest
trains. If Interested,, ask about it at C41
Market street. San Francisco. Santa Fe
la the Best Way. * \ ... ...- . • -
The Comf oitable Way.
9
soap does nothing but
cleanse, it has no medical
properties; for the color of
health and health! itself
use Pears'. Give it time.
Sold all over the world.
! Palflfp DON'T. FAIL TO
laiaWW see the bcaut Hul
i . j COURT Lounging
flTlfl room, the EMPIRE
U11U • parlor, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
linHifl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1U11U LOR, and the LA-
ii j | DIES' WRITING
i Hotels ro° m
AJTOFEMEHTa.
-tivotts®.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY."
Second Week— Enormous Success
Of the Eparkllnr Musical Comedy
I. . I Pretty Music
A Singers
[RUNAWAY
v Clever I GIRL
Comedian*? I
-,'-¦"«¦ HANDSOME GIRL CHORra
BEAUTIFUL - SCENERY AND •? COSTXTME3.
USUAL. TIVOU PRICES^-25c. SOc, 73c.'
Help Your Physician
With Food
The intelligent thinking person don't take
: •• food and drink that damages the body and
destroys the doctor's best efforts. To help
yourself help your physician by using only
] wholesome, nutritious and useful food.
Otherwise the cleverest doctor will fail, for
he has no foundation to work on.
: Food that does the right thing and has no
. ' ' waste with which to do the wrong thing,
¦ but builds brain and nerve matter as well
as flesh, is Grape-Nuts, undisputedly the most
jf ° scientific food in' the world. When you eat
Grape-Nuts you employ a food expert, for
this food bristles with scientific reasons.
. One minute reading" will
prove the principles of
Kj^ i O ip & - l>i U X S
and ten days' trial of the food will show in ;
renewed brain, nerve and physical force
the truth of these claims. (Remember, the
weakest stomach can handle this food.)
If you want more proof before trying Grape-
Nuts let us send you a copy of the recent
analysis by the Canadian Government of
¦ .• • eleven of the best known cereal foods show-
ing Grape-Nuts tremendously superior to all
* others. This remarkable document is full of
valuable information to anyone who is lack-
ing in health or brain energy. Ask us for
"The Canadian Analysis." There's a reason.
Postum Cereal Co^ Ltd!,
Rpj "!"+¦ I £** P y r\ c^Xr IY/T If"""* 1^1 -
Get the little book 4t The Road to Wellyille" in each pkg. and
Jtead it; Now in its I oth million.
GRAPE-NUTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ask Your Grocer For
Brand
Evaporated
Cream
Factory at Auburn,
Washington.
_ — —
Border's Comdensed Milk Go
NEW YORK.
TO-XIQHT— THIS WEEK ONL.Y.
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELL
In Rardou's
EMPRESS
THEODORA
NEXT SUNDAY MATTXEE— rEDORA-
POFULAR PRICES— 15c. 25c. SOc. 730.
COLUMBIA 2£3£
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
MR. XICEASD
MANSFIELD
TO-JflQHT I
Also Fri.. May 20. Mon.. May 23. Thutk. -
May 28, Sat. Mat.. May 2S.
OLD HEIDELBERG
Sat.. May 21. Tues.. May 24. "IVAN THE
TERRIBLE";' Wed., May IS. "A PARISIAN
ROMANCE":* Tbura., May W. Mat. Hat.. May
21. We4.. May ,25. "BEAU BRUMMEL.";
Fri.. May 27. "DR. JEKYLJ* and MR.
HYDE" 1 : Sat.. May 29 (farrwel) nieht). a
scene from »acb of five plays. Seats selling
for all appearances.
CALIFORNIA
fa IjASTnVE NIGHTS.
IHS ruaaZEST SHOW 12f ¦ - ¦
OUR NEW MINISTER I
WITH ERNEST HASTINGS AND f I
THE FAMOUS ALL-STAR CAST. II
NEXT SUNDAY— Opening annual If
_. summer stock season new Neill-Mo- J
il ro«co Company In "When We Were If
LJ Twenty-One." Seats now selling. H
" POSITIVELY THE GREATEST ¦*.
¦ STOCK COMPANY IN EXISTENCE M
Marcel's Living Art Studies;
Chart** D eland and Company; Kama,
Rois and 1.8-wii; Tung 1 Jn n*r\ and
CM Sake Oke; Mliffley and Carllals;
Clara Ballerlni; Oeorg-e 7. 17oo4; B*l-
lertal'i Doffs and
MJVIE. SLAPOFFSK!,
England's Oreatest Prim* Donna Soprano
Rfirular Matinee Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Price*. lOc, 25c
and SOc.
¦
AT PAT AD Belaseo * Mayor.
ALCAZAR E pr rsE;
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAT.
Julia Marlowe's Greatest Success,
COLINETTE |
BY HENRY OUT CARLETON.
First Time in fan Francisco.
Eve.. 23c to 73c; Mats. Thur. A Sat.. 23c to Ms
Next Monday— THE BRILLIANT COMEDT.
-'••'„'¦ -A POS3IBI.B CA.SE.
BY SYDNEY ROSENFEL.D.
Market ft., near Eighth: phone South 53.1
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First Time In San Francisco of the Tremeosl*
ously Successful Maritime Comedy Dnama.
_D0WN BY-_
=THE SEA=
Realistic and Emotional! Reflnod and Beauti-
ful'. Magnificent Scenery*
Startling Mechanical and Electrical Effects!
DDirCC Evenlncs 10c to SOo
rKltCO Matinees 10c. 15c. 2to
Next— A GREAT TEMPTATION.
Malsuda's Royal Japanese Troupe.
Movlasr ttctnxcs of 13m Or«at Traia
Robbery and a Or«at tthcrtr Srery
Af ttxnoon and Srcninr la tb* Tiaatex.
, TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MXHIATTTSB £U0TBZC ZAZXJfcOAJ)
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY In Uw
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AJkXATStXB WIGHT TXTTWOJAT.
Admission. 10c; Children. 5c
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GKEAT RESTORATIVE. INVIQORA-
a tor aed Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sex«».
Tha Mexican RemMy for Diseases of tat
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merit*.
SABER, ALFS A BRUNE. Axanta. .
: 333 Market at.. S. F.— (Send for Circular*.)
! yrrETnvg- cat.t. y.no -pttr -rgZa-
SlWii-i*'i"iiiii'P *Sa*rniWMMPM'iBriwiNif
ADVEJiTTHKBi ilNTflLStock . certificates and seal - presses at short
motict. Ed w. 8, Koo wits, 24 Second "it. . ¦ • ¦_
Charles MI Dufflcy, an importer of
mineral, waters, residing in San Fran
cisco, filed a petition in insolvency
yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. He owes $6095 and has
$3550. His principal creditor is J. C.
Wilkinson of Kobe, Japan, whom he
owes $4913 for mineral waters.
Bankrupt Merchant.
The best' coffee for breakfast ! is Hills
Bros.' Arabian Roast. • -- : . •
The Supreme .Court decided yester
day that the British-American Assur
ance Company would not have to pay
Richard Bostian the amount for which
his house was insured at the time it
was destroyed by fire. It was stated
in the policy that the company would
not settle in case of fire if dynamite
were kept in the house. Bostian kept
a stick and a half of dynamite on his
premises. His house caught fire from
some other cause, but as he violated
the dynamite provision in the policy
be can recover no insurance.
Gets No Insurance.
James H. Sheehan was tried before
a jury In Judge Dunne's court yester
day on a charge of robbery and ac
quitted. He was accused of holding
up Harry Van Leer. of 220 Third street
on the night of February 16 and tak
ing a comb and $4 from him. * " ' { ;
Acquitted of Robbery Charge.
Murine Eye Remedy. A home cure for
Eyo troubles. Never fails to win- friends.
Used for Infant and adult. Murine
doesn't smart. It soothes and cures *
The suit for $100,000 damages
brought by J. H. McCarty against the
Master Horseshoers' Association and
the Journeymen, Horseshoers' Union
was dismissed yesterday. It was ru
mored that the defendants compro
mised with the plaintiff for J 1200. The
Jury before which the action was first
tried disagreed. The dismissal of yes
terday stops the second trial, steps to
obtain which had been taken by Mc-
Carty. The original suit was caused
by a boycott on McCarty by the de
fendants, the plaintiff alleging that the
boycott was the result of a conspir-
McCarty Gives Up Fight.
Harry Braun, 311 Twenty-seventh
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Cabanlss yesterday for the ar
rest of Edward Powers on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon. He
says that a gang of hoodlums congre
gates every Sunday night at Twenty
seventh and Church streets and throw
stones at pedestrians. He was pass
ing there Sunday night and was pelted
with rocks. When he remonstrated
with the gang he alleges that Powers
stabbed him three times on the arm
with a pocketknlfe.
Says He Was Stabbed Thrice.
Some time to-day Commissioner of
Works Woodward, Henry Lynch and
Charles S. Rogers will know which
one of the trio is the choice of Mayor
Schmitz for City Engineer to succeed
C. E. Grunsky, who resigned. The
Mayor announced yesterday that the
appointment would be made to-day.
The three men named appear to be
the strongest candidates for the posi
tion. The impression prevails that
Woodward, who is now In charge of
the Bureau of Engineering, will secure
the plum and that Lynch will succeed
him as Commissioner.
Mayor Schmitz Is to Make a Choice
From Three Strongest Candidates
for the Position. •
CITY ENGINEER WILL
BE SELECTED TO-DAY
Joseph Irving, 618 Brannan street,
reported that while he was asleep on
a boat coming from a picnic at El
Campo on Sunday night his gold watch
and chain, valued at $53, had been
stolen from his pocket.
D. A. Conner of 745 Tehama street
reported that on Sunday morning
while he was cleaning the front steps
at 2620 Buchanan street some one
stole his overcoat from the basement.
The police were notified yesterday of
the doings of pickpockets, Bneak
thieves and change artists on Satur
day and Sunday. A man entered
Kohler & Chase's store on Saturday
and asked Cashier Zenable to give him
a $10 gold piece for two fives, which
he placed on the counter. Zenable
produced the $10 piece, and the man,
shoving it and the two five* toward
Zenable. suggested that he make it a
$20 piece. Zenable handed over the
twenty and did not discover the trick
that had been played upon him till he
counted his cash in the evening.
Charles Webb, 473 Fifty-ninth
street, Oakland, reported that while
he was on a Santa Fe train on Sunday
afternoon his pockets were rifled of
$n so. ;;';
Victims Complain to Police and Re
ports Are Made of Sneak Thief
and Change Artist.
PICKPOCKETS AT WORK
ON BOATS AND TRAINS
It was decided yesterday that about
$2000 would have to be secured* to pay
necessary expenses. The commercial
bodies will furnish a portion of this.
Thursday afternoon the leaders of the
enterprise will confer with the Mayor
and the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors at the City Hall
with a view to securing some.finan
cial assistance from the municipality.
The presidents of the local commer
cial bodies and Major Devol, superin
tendent of the transport service, met
at the Chamber of Commerce yester
day and discussed plans for the enter
tainment of the fifty distinguished
Filipinos who will arrive at this port
on the liner Siberia en route to the
St. Louis Exposition. The visitors
will remain in San Francisco for four
days. It is designed to entertain them
with a banquet, a bay trip to Mare
Island, a drive through Golden Gate
Park to the Cliff House, a theater par
ty and a visit to the Union Iron
"Works. •
Commercial Men Intend to Give Dis
tinguished Filipino Visitors Good
Opinion of San Francisco.
The girl tells a flimsy story con
cerning her absence. She says she
.tvas kidnaped by three men and two
women, who were in a hack, but a?
.perts that Fhe does not know where
;the affair happened and remembers
littie about what followed. She say3
Ehe can describe but one of her com
panions, though f=he admits that she
drank with them and drove with the
p«irty from Petaluma to Santa Rosa
on Sunday. Dr. C. C. Baker was
called in to attend the girl when she
arrived home and found her In a
nervous condition.
Edith Williams, the young girl who
disappeared last Thursday, returned
to her family fireside yesterday morn
ing and the police have' ended the in
vestigation. The suspicions of De
tective Tom Coleman were confirmed
by her condition when she reached
home. He traced her to various lodg
ing-houses and became convinced that
ccon she would return to a more quiet
life.
Edith Williams Wearying of Her
• Pleasure. Seeks Seclusion With
Her Relatives.
GIRL WHO DISAPPEARED
HAS RETURNED TO HOME
PLAN ENTERTAINMENT
FOR BROWN BROTHERS
SUIT OVER JEWELS REVIVES
MEMORY OF MRS. PLEASANT
Assignee of Famous Colored Woman
Seeks to Recover Valuables He Al
leges Belonged to Hear.
The suit of W. H. Davis, assignea
of the estate of the late Mary E.
Pleasant, the well-known colored
woman who died last January,
against the Donohoe-Kelly Bank
ing Company to recover $150,000
worth of jewelry he alleges was
left in the bank's strong box by
Mrs. Pleasant several years ago,
was commenced In Judge Sloss's court
yesterday. The trial occupied all day.
The case was taken under advisement.
Olive E. E. Sherwood, at whose resi
dence Mrs. Pleasant died and who
under Mrs. Pleasant's will is to In
herit her estate, testified that Mrs.
Pleasant, a few days before her death,
directed the witness to -write to a man
named Roderick and ask him for the
keys to her box in the bank. She said
the letter was not answered and that
the old woman died without getting
the ke^-s.
H. S. Field of the firm of Hammer
smith & Field, jewelers, testified to
having sold jewels to Mrs. Pleasant
and also to having had them left In a
tin box in his store.
The suit is being opposed bj; Mrs.
Theresa Bell, widow of the late
Thomas Bell, who says that she Is the
owner of the jewels and that Mrs.
Pleasant was merely her servant.
FRESXO ROMANCE ENDS
IX THE DIVORCE COURT
Edythe Warren Gets Divorce From
Man She Married at the Raisin
City Last Year.
Yesterday Mrs. Edythe Warren was
divorced from her husband, Henry
Warren on the ground of his cruelty.
They were married at Fresno one year
ago and Judge Hunt decided that the
husband, a musician, had abused his
wife.
Judge Sloss made an order, yester
day purging George B. Leibert of con
tempt, as he explained his failure to
pay to Mary R. Leibert the alimony he
had been ordered to pay by the court.
Leibert was allowed a week in which
to produce half of the amount due.
Judge Kerrigan granted Victor
Triacca a divorce from Rosa Trlacca
for desertion, and a suit for divorce
was filed by Charles Dean against
Nellie Dean for desertion.
The Board of Public Worka again
met the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday morn
ing for the purpose of explaining the
Board of Works' financial necessities
for the following year.
Schmitz and the rest of the board
showed no bashfulness In asking for
what they wanted, but when the fig
ures became too high Supervisor
Brandenstein objected.
"You shouldn't ask for what you
think we can give you or what you
think we can afford to give," he said;
"you should ask -for what you' need
and then we can cut the cloth accord
ingly.
Supervisor d'Ancona suggested the
advisability of extending Market street
through the Twin Peaks and on to the
ocean beach,' but when Michael Casey
and others explained that the prelim
inary plans and specifications for work
would cost in the neighborhood of $5000
the subject was dropped.
Schmitz explained that much more
money Is needed than Is deemed suf
ficient by the Finance Committee. He
explained that while Brandenstein is
figuring on the bond issue going
through, there are manv streets not
included therein that are in need of
immediate repairs. In the course of
the investigation the subject of civil
service was brought up. Schmitz said
that although the Merchants' Asso
ciation of this city recently adopted a
resolution / to the effect that all tjie
street sweeping be done by the city,
arid that none but civil service men
be employed to do the work, such a
method would be impracticable. He
claims that In most departments of the
civil service lists the men are far too
old to do the work arid that in the,
street sweeping department the eli
gible list consists of. men from 70 to 80
years of age.
WOULD FIX AGE LEHIT.
Brandenstein expressed his Inability
to see why there should not be an age
limit fixed bv the Civil Service Com
missioners and promised that he would
bring the question up before them
when they appear before the Finance
Committee to-morrow morning.
The Board of Public Works asked
that an appropriation of $38,000 be made
to be expended on the City Hall and
the Hall of Justice.
Mrs. W. F. " Merrill appeared before
the Finance Committee yesterday
morning on behalf of the San Francisco
Benevolent Association asking that an
appropriation be set aside for the asso
ciation. Mrs. Merrill averred that there
are thousands of worthy ' poor In . the
city who are not looked after bv other
societies, and that $5000 could be put to
good use for their welfare.
CHARTER BARS CHARITIES.
Brandenstein explained that the char
ter adopted a year ago prevents the
granting of her request, as it positively
states that no city money shall be
given to charities other than municipal
organizations.
Mrs. Merrill next asked that the City
and County Hospital's appropriation of
last year shall not be decreased this
year, as all the money possible is need
ed in giving proper treatment to the in
mates. The matter was assigned to Dr.
d'Ancona, who will make an investiga
tion. *
Miss Katherine Felton appeared be
fore the committee to suggest the
maintenance of a detention ward for
children awaiting trials in the Juvenile
court. She says that a piece of prop
erty three blocks from the City Hall
could be bought and a man and his
wife placed in charge at the expense of
but $3500 to the city per annum. The
matter will be Investigated by the
board.
CITIZENS TO BE HEARD.
The Board of Supervisors at its meet
ing yesterday set next Monday morn
ing at- 10 o'clock as the time for a pub
lic hearing on the new municipal bud
get. By that time the Finance Com
mittee will have completed Its hearing
of city officials on the needs of their
departments and be ready to report
thereon. At the public hearing citizens
generally and representatives of im
provement clubs will be given an op
portunity to express their desires in the
matter of street and other improve
ments of which their respective dis
tricts are In need.
Board Report* on Cost of Work if
Done by City.
STREET SWEEPING PLANT.
The Board of Works yesterday for
mally submitted to the Board of Su
pervisors the estimated cost of the
work of street sweeping and sprink
ling. The estimated cost of equipment
is fixed at $90,000, of which $40,000
is for a stable building at Eleventh
and Bryant streets; $20,000 for 100
horses, and $7500 for three street
sweeping machines.
The estimated running expenses for
the fiscal year 1904-1905 are $231,550,
of which $131,350 Is for 175 laborers
at $2 50 per day for 300 days; $33,000
for forty teamsters at $2 75, per day.
Provision has been made for only thir
teen more men than the number em
ployed by the contractors.
At present the city is paying $226,
750 for the work.. The running ex
penses for one outside district are fixed
at $26,000. ' . .--
Attaches Central Stock Exchange.
An attachment has beenlevied upon
the property of the Central Grain and
Stock Exchange on complaint of Ar
thur, Mercer, who avers that under an
assignment made to him by W. Avery
the Institution owes him $645. He
says Avery paid that sum into the ex
change with instructions to purchase
twenty shares of stock of the Chicago,
Milwaukee and St. Paul Railway
Company. The ' Btock was not pur
chased and his demand for the return
of thie money was refused. ~r— r— U;
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
Indefinitely postponed the proposed or
dinance for regulating meetings on the
public streets. Many protests were filed
In which vigorous objection was made
to the restriction of free speech, and
the board took a similar point of view.
Supervisor Brandenstein explained
that the ordinance had not been rec
ommended by Chief of Police Witt
man, as commonly believed, but had
been Introduced at the request of
Grant-avenue retail merchants, who
¦were entitled to relief from the meet
ings held nightly on the thoroughfare,
and he suggested that eome regulation
thereon be adopted.
A resolution was adopted granting
J..P. Fraser, chairman of the commit
tee on decorations of the Twenty-ninth
Triennial Conclave of the Knights
Templars, permission, from September
i to September 10, 1904, to Illuminate
*nd decorate Market street, from Steu
«xt to Ninth; Montgomery street, from
Market to California; California street,
from Montgomery to Kearny; Kearny
etreet, from California to Market;
Powell street, from Market to Sutter,
and the streets around Union Square;
a'.so to construct a band stand on
Geary street, between Stockton and
Powe'll.
The City Attorney was directed to
dismiss an action instituted by the
Board of Works against Charles and
Harry Bush to compel the removal of
Fteps projecting over the sidewalk at
Eddy and Franklin streets, as the per
mission to erect the steps was regu
larly granted by the board on April 2,
1900.
The Police Commissioners petitioned
the board to appropriate $500 to defray
the expenses of Chief Wittman, who
vas recently granted a leave of ab
sence to attend the conference of
Chiefs of Police to be held in St. Louis
at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition,
on June 6. The petition recites that as
"Wittman is making the trip solely in
the public Interest It would not be im
rroper for the city to defray the cost of
the Journey." The conference is to be
an international affair and will have a
most important bearing on police mat
ters. The petition was referred to the
Finance Committee.
The flg*t between Police Commis
sioner Hutton to obtain a legal mods
of entering the premises at 1129 Du
pont street and Attorney George D.
Collins, representing Jean Pon, to
prevent it. goes on with unfailing reg
ularity and becomes more and more
complicated.
Hutton and Chief Wiitman were cited
to appear before Judge Cook yesterday
for an alleged violation of the injunc
tion restraining the police from inter
fering with Pon's restaurant business
in procuring from Police Judge Ca
baniss warrants for the arrest of
forty-two inmates of the premises in
the rear of the restaurant on a mis
demeanor charge.
INTERPOSE DEMURRERS.
When the case was called demur
rers were Interposed on behalf of Hut
ton and Wittman. They deny the alle
gations In the affidavit of Pon. It
was argued by Attorney Monroe and
Assistant District Attorney Harris that
as no overt act was charged against
the respondents they could not be ac
cused of violating the injunction. The
mere fact of , procuring warrants
could not constitute an overt act.
Collins argued that the warrants
were not to be used for the purpose
of arresting the women, but only as a. j
subterfuge to obtain an entry to the
premises and ruin the business of the j
petitioner. He contended that there j
was a violation of the injunction.
The Judge said that there was such
a thins as a threatened violation of
an injunction and if so it was within
the province of the court to 1 issue an
other restraining order. It seemed to
him that no step had been taken to
carry the threat into execution. He
wanted to know whether there had
been anything more than a threat.
If the petitioner had no authorities to
combat the point raised by the re
spondents he would consider it well
taken. He continued the case until
Friday to give both sides time to sub
mit authorities.
PROCEEDINGS DISMISSED.
The contempt proceedings against
Policemen Davids and Barry for vio
lating the Injunction in arresting Beu
lah Williams after she had left the
restaurant were dismissed without
prejudice. Collins Insinuated that the
police were keeping, the woman out of
the way. This was denied by Asslst
! ant District Attorney Harris, who ex
| pressed his anxiety to hear her tes
timony. The habeas corpus proceed
ings for the felease of Rosle Smith,
charged with vagrancy, and Rosie
Miller, charged with perjury, were
continued till May 23.
Commissioner Hutton brought up
the question of the writ of certiorari
which had been assigned by Presiding
Judge Kerrigan to Judge Sloss* court
and Judge Cook said he would bow
I to the opinion of the presiding Judge.
I Collins argued that Judge Cook was
j within his rights in making the writ
returnable to his own court and said
I he had authorities to the point. It
I was affreed that the matter in dispute
i should be argued before Judge Sloss
j this morning.
The board Dassed to print an ordin
ance granting the Southern Pacific
Company the right to construct twen
ty-seven spur tracks near the county
line. The spurs are intended to con
nect with the terminal tracks of the
bay shore "cut off" line and the com
pany agrees to keep the roadways in
good repair.
The Outdoor Art League called the
attention of the board In a communi
cation to the fact that city ordin
ance No. 1081. limiting the height of
fences to ten feet, is being violated on
the southwest corner of Leavenworth
street and Golden Gate avenue and the
southeast corner of Jones and Eddy
streets. The league petitions that the
board cause the ordinance to be en
forced.
The Board of "Works recommended
that Kearny street between California
and Clay be bituminized at an estimat
ed cost of $5300.
The petitioners claim that the traffic
has been diverted from Geary street
to the detriment of business thereon
and 'the Geary Street Company can not
be expected to modernize Its road so as
to meet the demands of travel owing
to the fact that Its franchise ha3 ex
pired. The petition was referred to the
Public Utilities Committee.
The Point Lobos Improvement -Club
and Progressive Geary Street Improve
ment Club Jointly petitioned the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that steps be
taken to award a new franchise to the
highest bidder for the operation of the
Geary street and Point Loboa avenue
roads.
The petition states that the proposi
tion for the city to acquire the road
has been twice submitted to the peo
ple and has been both times defeated,
thus demonstrating that the people do
not care to operate a road on these
streets in the name of the municipal
ity.
Regulating the explosion of blasts
and eliminating the clause in. an old
ordinance empowering the Board of
Works to assess damages for the same.
Granting permission to the Standard
Oil Company to lay a pipe line for oil
transportation in Sixteenth street.
Raising the standard of butter fat
in milk by fixing the percentage at 3.3
from January 1 to April 30 and 3.4
from May 1 to December 31 in each
year.
The resolution granting permission
to H. C. Holmes to blast on Green
street, near Sansome, was indefinitely
postponed.
Fixing the width of sidewalks on
Devisadero street, between Duboce
avenue and Fourteenth streets, and
also on certain other designated
streets.
Establishing the grades on Upper
Terrace and Devisadero street.
The demand for $16,545 12 in favor
of J. G. Harney for sweeping the
streets during April was ordered paid.
The following ordinances were
finally passed:
Fully accepting Scott street, be
tween McAllister and Grove, and
Broadway, between' Devisadero and
Baker streets.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed the ordinance extending the
limits within which It is prohibited to
keep more than two cows. The area
as enlarged now includes certain por
tions of the Academy and Excelsior
tracts and will compel many dairy
owners to seek pastures new.
The Santa Fe Railway system was
granted permission to close Eighteenth
street, between Minnesota and Iowa,
for a period of one year, provided the
company shall keep the roadway lead
ing to Southern Heights in passable
condition until the completion of the
steel viaduct across Eighteenth street.
The roadways of Gough street, be
tween Greenwich and Lombard, and
Merchant street, between Kearny and
Montgomery, were fully accepted.
Grades were ordered changed on
Pennsylvania avenue, between Nine
teenth and Twentieth streets.
The petition of property owners that
Hayes street between Larkin and Van
Ness avenue be bituminized was re
ferred to the Finance Committee.
The board opened bids for supplies
for the City Hospital, Almshouse and
Emergency hospitals and referred
them to the Hospital Committee for
action.
The Board of Works returned the pe
tition of property owners for the wid
ening and repaving of Fourth
street. The work has been included in
the board's estimate of moneys re
quired for the coming fiscal year. The
cost of the improvement is estimated
at $85,000.
The complaint of Maurice McManus
that the pound deputies had taken _a
dog from his yard was referred to the
Police Committee.
Residents and property owners on
Ashbury Heights petitioned the board
to provide for the establishment of an
e'ngine house in the district. The pe
tition was referred to the Finance
Committee.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an ordinance extend
ing the time for sixty days from May
31, 1834, within which to receive bids
for the bond issue aggregating $18,000,
000 for public improvements. -This Is
the second extension of time ordered
since the original ordinance Inviting
"bids was passed.
A resolution was adopted granting
permission to the Golden Gate and San
Francisco Driving Clubs to sell pools
at Ingleside on May v ; 30, 1904, on the
occasion of their annual trotting meet.
The proceeds will be devoted to the
construction of the new amphitheater
in Golden Gate Park. Comte was the
only Supervisor who voted against the
resolution.
Despondent by reason of illness. Mrs.
Gus Clark of 220 Fell street attempted
her life last evening by swallowing the
contents of a bottle containing lysol,
and it was only due to the skill and
hard work of Dr. Rueben Chandler Hill
at the Central Emergency Hospital
that her life was saved. The unfor
tunate young woman Is still in a pre
carious condition and may not recover.
Shortly after 5 odeck Mrs. Clark,
who resides with her mother, Mrs.
Hastings, at the Fell street address,
bade good-by to Joe Thompson, a
roomer In the house, ana. going to the
bathroom, drank the deadly potion..
The ambulance was sent for and the
unfortunate woman removed to the
hospital. Life was almost extinct, but
the heroic treatment employed had ita
effect.
Upon regafning consciousness Mrs.
Clark declared that she was tired of
life and drank the poison with suicidal
Intent. She is a handsome woman of
2S years and her husband 13 in Den
ver, Colorado. At 220 Fell street the
assertion ¦was made that the woman
was a stranger and nothing was known
of her antecedents, but subsequent
events showed that this was appar
ently done in order to cover up the af
fair. Mrs. Hastings was emphatic in
her declaration that the poison was
taken by mistake. An Investigation
was made by the police.
Police Commissioners Ask
City to Defray Expenses
of Chief Wittman's Trip
Committee Will Report the
Result of Its Investi
gations of Departments
Judge Cook Asks That Au
thorities Be Submitted
to Him on Points Raised
Fixes the Percentage of But
ter Fat at 3.4 During
Eight Months of Each Year
Handsome Young Woman
Had Been in 111 Health and
Did Not Want to Live
MAKE APPEAL TO BOARD
Board Grants Permission
for Their Construction to
Southern Pacific Company
Driving Associations Are
.Granted the Privilege for
Their Annual Racing Meet
DESPONDENCY IS CAUSE
RAISES MILK STANDARD
TO BUILD SPUR TRACKS
WITTMAN IS NOW CITED
CITIZENS TO BE HEARD
PERMITS POOL SELLING
Supervisors Defeat a Pro
posed Ordinance to Re
strict Crowds on Streets
Police Commissioner Hut
ton Again Faces Charge
of Violating Injunction
Board of Works Says Much
Work Is Required That
Bond Issue Does Not Cover
Board Enlarges Prohibitory
District- for Keeping of
More Than Two Cows
Improvement Clubs Petition
Supervisors to Dispose of
the Geary Street Line
Board Fixes New Date for
Beceiving Bids for the
New Municipal Bond Issue
3Irs. Gus Clark Swallows
Quantity of Lysol "With
Almost Fatal Eesiilts
FREE SPEECH
IS IN FAVOR
DENIES BEING
IN CONTEMPT
EXTENDS TIME
FOR PROPOSALS
CATTLE LIMITS
ARE EXTENDED
CLAIM A LARGE
SUM IS NEEDED
ATTEMPTS LIFE
WITH POISON
URGE THE CITY
TO SELL ROAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO: • CALL, TUESDAY,, MAY 17, 1904.
10
ADVEBTTSEMENTS*
— I
. Mrs. Rosa Adams, niece of
theiate General Roger Hanson,
C.S.A., wants every woman to
know of the wonders accom-
plished by Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound.
" Dexb Mrs. Pkskhak: — I cannot
tell tou with pen and ink what good
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound did for me, suffering from
the ilia peculiar to the Bex, extreme
lassitude and that all gone feeling.^ I
• would rise from my bed in the morning
feeling more tired than when I went to
bed. but before I used two bottles of
L,ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, I began to feel the buoy-
ancy of my younger days returning,
became regular, could do more work
and not feel tired than I had ever been
able to do before, so I continued to use
it until I was restored to perfect health.
It is indeed a boon to sick women and
I heartily recommend it. Yours very
truly, Mbs. Rosa. Adams, 819 12th St,
Louisrille. Ky. M — S5000 forfeit If original ef
ebeve letter proving genuineness cinnot be produced.
FREE MEDICAIi ADVICE TO
WOMEN.
Don't hesitate to write to Mrs.
Pinkham. She will understand
your case perfectly, and will treat
tou with kindness. Her advice
is free, and the address is tynn,
Mass. No woman ever rejrretted
ha vinjr written her, and she has
helped thousands.
The World's Greatest
Skin Humour.
Affects Every Age /am)
Condition.
The Only Sure Core is
Cuticura.
If there were not another extent*! r
skin disease known, eczema would be a
gnjScient Infliction on mankind. It per-
vades all classes, and descends Impar-
tially through generations. While some-
are constantly enveloped In it, others
have It confined to small patches In tho
ears, on the scalp, oa the breast, on tha
palms of the hands, on the limbs, etc,
bnt ererjwhere Its distinctive feature is
a aaaall watery blister, which discharges
an acrid fluid, causing he&t. Inflamma-
tion, and Intense itching, scaltag and
crusting. t
The Ctrticura treatment la a* oaca
agreeable, speedy, economic*! ao4 com-
prehe&slTe, Bathe the affected parts
freely with hot water aad Cutlcnra
Soap, to eleaace the surface of crusts
and scales, and soften the thickened
cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing,
and apply Ccticora OinUaeat to allay
Itching, irritation aad Inflammation.
and soothe and heal, aad, lastly, take
Cnticura Kesolreat, or Pills, to cool and
cleanse the blood. This treatment af-
fords instant relief, penaits rest and
sleep in the severest forms of eczema >i
and other itching, .burning and scaly
humours, and points to a speedy, per-
manent and economical cure of tor*
tnring, disfiguring humours, eczemaa,
rashes and inflammations, from Infancy
to age, when all other remedies aad the
best physicians fall.
£b (*m at Choeoiala CmM PUJ«. «m. pot -w*lT3 »v
Ointment. »e.. 8o«p. Me. D«mi i LmdmL Sf Cbartw
honM *j.; Pul*. i But 4«1< rtiii Boum. Ul CdaaM
A»» fotUr Drwr * Cb*n». Corp . Sate Tnwfn.
•*~3.«d for " Uov to Cut tum«."
J visit DR. JORDAN'S cbeat $
fMUSEUM OF A3AT0HY?
Q CS ::::iu:xi:3?.t!j:.5:ii;:i,s.r:i:. A
\ j?3i. TSe L»«T»»t Anatomical Museum ia the \
"9 WWVPis. <wl1 * "«»*«"»»« at imj totta»<:<!<i A
V K^Effi dise»«e pultivslyrarcxtr-.. h 9 oldest T
O X K £ I Specialist on the Cout Ejt. jS yeara. ©
6 «5Jfc?S DR ' JQIDAM-D.iSEASES c? ME * $
\ Sr^SV^n Conw'.uuon frt- and juicily pirate. \
W M A^tt H Tr *»™>« n * personally n» br letter. A A
\ 8 W n H **"**— Cwr * "* eT = r T "ae aa<lert«:ce». T
QV'i \ & w Hte for Book, PBlLOHOFaYaf 4
T ' !l '¦ MAIIMIAGK. MA1LSU FXB3. ( A ¥
A U t> **ta*ble book for men) \
V lill. JORDA.N A CO.. 1051 tfMfcctg£& F. Y
'^ Every Woraan^ 1
J^vvvvf i'N^v.AY Hk 1* interested and should know
f Vt I'M e21v\ "W 1 » » boat tSe wo "<lerf nl
lu\K^vfeu9 MARVEL Whirling Spray
VV\*^V^ S^Sl Tbe n «"* ?•*•¦«« "rrtar*. Injec-
xP^^GS^SaL honcnttt Surf**. B-st-Saf-
v -^ s^lv=^>*lS l *»__-_»»t— Most ConTenipnt.
illV«lrill.l«!'7.
iak roar dnn lit (or H. V iMf -^^**<^*"'* < **"
If he rannot (apply th« V . jjri*t""""^'"; ~^
M.»lt\ ¦«!.. aive-.a no Ni^^. '¦•: t!->^-«
other, but oend stamp for 5&v /"V:'' \t
Illustrated book— •#»!»*. Itgiv»» \"., j '''#£f
fall purtienlars and dirwtiop* tn- /£/'• § im
raloablf to ladies !MARVKI*COl/"7£/"'"" * ¦ M
41 I'arkllow. Am lork.
1R2 New Montgomery. San Francisco. Cat.
William Hatteroth (Ladies" Dept.). 22t Sutter.
Union Drujr Co., 40O tjutter and ICO Stockton.
Osgocd Brothers. . .7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy ll» Ellt«
j«$SSS««fc«i! MEN AND WOW EM.
H^Sj^CcBEs^y Cse Bis H i->r uunatur»i
JFit&'lm 1 ta6dir».*^J diacU«Trf9S.iaflaium»tK>ns,
X£&¥f Ooaxaatc-d Vj irtitatian^ cr ulccratioas
|i*»jy cot ta etrtotars. of muroaj mainbraa**.
i S\ '^ Pr-trau Cont«r!M. Puin'iea*. unl not a*tna«
Kat&THEEtiHSCHEMICflCa. treat or poioonous.'
«5SA ClMlS!UTU0.g3?21 S«Jdl by Draztfst*,
Vrv\. uikk >C5jr or iBtu ia pl«in wrapper.
VmMHgefl^cPy »100. or3botUe«J2.7&.
• H^jgfjs^y *» Circular tect oa recuwt.
ADVERTISE MF.NT3*
ADV2IRHSEMENTS.
MARKS BROS.
DOUBLE VALUE DAY
ALWAYS SOLD POR 90c. \Ct^
TODAY *tUb
MADRAS "WAIST as pictured comes in
black striped or figured designs on a charm-
lnc. cool and white background. Made
with graceful pouch effect and extra full
Plpeves. -
ALWAYS SOLD FOR Qt OO
$2.75. TO-DAY...... $1.00
Plzes 6 to 14 years.
Drees as pictured made of a Finn Quality
of White lawn, Tucked Toke and deep
Bortha Trimmed in Embroidery Insertion.
Extra Full Skirt. Deep Hemstitched Hem.
Embroidered Over Collar and Cuffs. ¦
ALWAYS SOLD FOR $1.75. QQp.
TODAY • OUU
llMpiiil'',
Here's a Swagger Summer Cheviot Out-
Ins SKIRT for 80c. Comes In a Nobby
Black and White Checked . Design. Front
Gore Tastily .Trimmed with White Braid
and. Pearl Ruttonw. '... . j. . '.-.':'.' '".
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Value* :
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
R. Special Sales Ji
Every Week |
China I
Crockery |
Glassware I
Enamel Ware |
Household Goods |
0 Watch Our 0 |
r'' Stores. jf|| 1
Prices Talk. S 1
1 It Pays to Trade J |
. at H
Great American Importing Tea Co's |
Stores I
861 Market 210 Grant ave. 1419 Polk Eg
140 Sixth 1819 Devisadero 706 Larkin M
475 Haisht 3006 Sixteenth 355 Hayes Ef
82S5 Mission 621 Montsr'y are. 62 Market B
2008 FiUmow 2516 Mission 148 Ninth B
866 Third 469 Fourth 2732 Jlth flSuit to Quiet Title-
SAN DIEGO, May 16. — The South
ern Pacific Company to-day filed a suit
In the Sui>erior Court here to quiet
title to 268,800 acres of land in the
Imperial Valley of this county. The
deflndant is the Colorado River Irri
tation Company.
Hurt In Runaway Accident.
PETALUMA. Mav 16.— Captain C. V.
Mount, a prominent jeweler, his wife
and eister-in-law, Mrs. Helme, were
thrown from a buggy to-day in a run
away accident. Mrs. Mount had her
left wrist fractured, Mrs. Helme sus
tained a broken rib and Internal in
juries and Mr. Mount was injured
about the face and hands. The ve
hicle was demolished.
Fight All Nlffht With Biff Shark.
SANTA CRUZ. May 16. — A great
battle between fishermen and a mam
moth Ehark. lasting from 8 o'clock
Sunday night until 5 o'clock Monday
morning, occurred in Monterey Bay,
live miles off Santa Cruz beach. .The
Khark was drowned only after the de
struction of four large nets, in which
he became entangled. He weighed
2000 pounds, is twenty-two feet long
and is the largest specimen ever
eausrht in the bay.
"We have applications from 'many
places from boilermakers and others
•wishing work," said Manager Wells.
"We are filling vacancies as rapidly as
v. - e can get men to the places where
we are short. There has been no trou
ble so far, and we expect none. The
strike is purely a sympathetic one, al
though it is said by those implicated
in " it that it is not. Reports from
trains this morning show them to be
somewhat late, although this is more
or less atributable to heavy traffic
rather than to the effect of the strike."
It Is announced by the strikers that
they are to receive wages while out
end this will do away with any reason
for returning to work. They say they
I^roposed to make a fight without law
lessness and are confident that men
who may take their places will not
¦work long before joining in the strike,
es they will find the situation just as
It has been stated by the striking
boilermakers and machinists.
LOS ANGELES. May 16. — Reports
fromt Albuquerque, Winslow. Needles,
Barstow, Point Richmond
and San Bernardino received by Gen
eral Manager Wells of the Santa Fe
to-day -are to the effect that every
Union boilermaker struck at the points
named when the call was issued Sat
urday afternoon. At Bakersfteld and
Los Angeles, where only a compara
tively few men are employed In these
departments, the order to strike was
not obeyed and the men remained at
work.
BOILERMAKERS STRIKE
WHEN ORDER IS ISSUED
appoint for a longer term with the
consent and approval of five other
Bishops.
In the revision committee this after
noon an effort was made to abrogate
certain rules relating to the personal
conduct of ministerial and lay mem
bers which were originally promulgat
ed by John Wesley and have been a
part of the church discipline ever since.
It was urged that the church had out
grown these rules and that they were
not applicable to modern times. The
proposition was voted down, however,
by the committee on the ground that
they should be retained for the proper
guidance of and good example for un
christianized peoples.
discipline Amendments.
A memorial from the Northwestern
Kansas Conference, providing for an
appellate court, composed of one mem
ber from each church to the number of
not more than fifteen or less than
seven, to take the place of the quarterly
conference as a court of appeals in the
trial of church members was adopted
and will be recommended by the com
mittee. It was also decided to recom
mend to the conference a change in
discipline to provide that ministers
who have been expelled or deposed for
heresy cannot be recognized to preach
until they have!glven a written pledge
to the conference to abstain from fur
ther promulgation of heretical teach
ings.
TWO MEN ARE KILLED
IN RAILROAD ACCIDENT
Great Northern Overland Crashes Into
Boxcars With Fatal
Results.
SEATTLE. May 16.— A special to the
Post-Intelligencer from Everett, Wash.,
says: The westbound Great Northern
overland train at 6:15 o'clock this
evening crashed into an open switch
Just east of Monroe and collided with
two boxcars on a sidetrack.
G. M. Marshall of Interbay, head
brakeman, was killed and Tom Down
ing of Interbay, fireman, was pinioned
beneath the wreckage, dying before he
could be rescued. Two laborers who
wer^ loading shingles into the freight
cars have not been located, and It is
not known whether they were. In the
cars when the latter were struck or
not.
The engineer jumped and escaped
with severe bruises. Several passen
gers were slightly. injured.
SENIORS PLACE THEIR
CLASS PLATE IN QUAD
Interesting Exercises Are Held at
Stanford to Commemorate Im
portant Event.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May
16. — The laying of the class plate in
the quad this morning and the ball in
San Jose this evening was the pro
gramme for the Stanford graduating
class to-day. .' - c
The exercises attending the laying
of the big brass plate with the 1904
were held In front of the Memorial
Church, where in sequence every class
since the beginning of the university
has left a similar remembrance.
President Brua, surrounded by the
seniors, pronounced the plate "duly
and truly laid." Dr. Jordan spoke on
the love of -the American student for
his university in contrast with the
foreign scholar. Isaac Russell, editor
of the Chaparral, read the class will.
The senior ball was held in San
Jose, a special train from the campus
bringing the students back and forth.
1 REV JAMES ROSCOE DAT. WHO
| PROBABLY WILL, BE CHOSEN
' BISHOP.
J The committee on itineracy, by a
vote of 63 to 50 this afternoon decided
against recommending .any change in
the pastoral time . limit and the com
mittee report will be presented to the
conference to-morrow morning. A mi
nority report which will be submitted
as an amendment to the majority re
port will recommend the restoration
of the five year limit with a special
proviso tqr exceptional cases. In which
It Is stipulated that a Bishop may
In reference to the report that the
Methodist ministers of Philadelphia had
protested against the retirement of
Bishop Foss, an authority high in the
councils of the present conference
stated that such protest could not be
considered, as the rules of the confer
ence did not permit of a consideration
of the vote on the matter. Bishop Foss
when seen would not discuss the sub
ject. "There is no doubt, however," he
stated, "about my retirement. The vote
of the conference last Saturday was 500
in favor of my being placed on the su
perannuated list."
In connection with the retirement of
the five Bishops the conference this
morning passed a resolution presented
by Dr. G. H. Forbes of Minneapolis,
Minn., providing for six months' full
pay for the Bishops from the date of
their retirement. The regular annual
salary pt an active Bishop In the
Methodist church is $5000, while each
retired Bishop receives $2500 a year
during lifetime.
The amusement question also came
up for further discussion at this morn-
Ing's session. Dr. Elliott of Detroit
presented a resolution setting forth
that there was a doubt in the minds
of many of the delegates as to the
constitutionality of paragraph 258 of
the discipline, and asking that the
matter be referred to the judiciary
committee for a report upon the sub
ject. After considerable debate, in
which the charge of unconstitutionality
against the amusement clause was
characterized bv Dr. J. M. Buckley,
Judge C. Z. Lincoln of New York and
others as an attempt to sidetrack the
question to avoid a direct vote on its
merits, the resolution was voted down.
PASTORAL LIMIT UNCHANGED.
LOS ANGELES, May 16.— Contrary to
expectations, the result of the secret
ballot taken last Saturday by the
Methodist General Conference on the
subject of the retirement of Bishops
Andrews. Mallalieu. Vincent, Walden
and Foss was not made public at to
day's session of the conference. Instead
the result was ordered to be announced
by publication in to-morrow morning's
Issue of the Christian Advocate, the
official organ of the conference. There
is no doubt, however, according to the
most reliable authority, that all of the
five Bishops have been retired by the
vote of an overwhelming majority of
the delegates.
From the following list of Methodist
leaders the eight new American Bish
ops will be chosen. It is almost safe
to positively assert that the first eight
named will be made Bishops on
Wednesday morning, when the elec
tions will be held:
Dr. W. F. McDowell, secretary of the
board of education.
Dr. J. F. Berry, editor of the Epworth
Herald.
Dr. Henry Spellmeyer, the Newark
preacher.
Dr. J. R. Day, chancellor of Syracuse
University.
Dr. J. W. Bashford, president of Ohio
Wesleyan Seminary.
Dr. G. F. Bovard, president of the
University of Southern California.
Dr. H. C. Jennings, agent of the West
ern Book Concern.
Dr. George P. Eckman, the New York
pastor.
Dr. David G. Downey, the Brooklyn
pastor. /
Dr. J. W. E. Bowen, the colored.edu
cator of Atlanta, Ga
it is thought that a constitutional
provision will prevent the election of a
colored Bishop, otherwise Dr. Bowen
would be quite sure to win.
EFFORTS FOR FOSS FAIL.
REDDING. May 16.— If Mrs. Thomas
TThlteman did not know that George
Gates was connected with the hold-up
ct the Oregon express at Copley when
Ehe received the first letter from the
f.eeing bandit, there was enough in the
f pistle to at least excite her suspicions.
end in a second letter "he spoke of his
connexion with the crime. And still
the w shielded Gates from the of
ficers until she was forced to give out
the letters under fear of arrest for aid
ing a criminal to escape, of which of
fense District Attorney Dozier says Ehe
Is really guilty.
The letters were given out this even
ing for the first time. They are some
*vhat disappointing. In them Gates
tried to deceive the woman, who was
really true to him. The epistles abound
in endearing terms, but give absolutely
ro clew on the surface as to the where
•a bouts of Gates. The two first letters
Vere dropped in the mail cars of the
Portland and San Francisco train. The
third v.as mailed at Portland, although
<Jates tried to make it appear to the
woman that he was in San Francisco
on "his way to Australia and had sent
the letter to Portland to be mailed in
ord*r to fool the officers.
All the letters were addressed to Miss
Agnes Bmwn. Dunsmuir. In a post
script to the first letter he warns her
not to let any one break into his trunk
at her house. In the second letter he
¦writes as if 5he were cognizant of his
connection with the crime and cautions
her to remember that Ed Lee (Vernon
«lates) stayed at her house on the night
nf the train robbery. He tells her in the
eo,cond letter that he will return after
t;ne year to get her and they will flee
from Dunsmuir. In the third letter he
Fpeaks of dying: before giving up to the
officers. He advises her to giv. ; fcer hus
band poison and swear that Whiteman
took It accidentally, and again he asks
her to destroy his trunk and its incrim
inating contents.
Missives Contain 3Iany En
dearing Terms and Indi
. cate That the Bandit
Trusted His Female Friend
GATES ASKS HER TO
KILL HER HUSBAND
Letters Written by Leader
of Copley Eobbers to Mrs.
• Whiteman Show That She
Knew^ About the Crime
Parent Unwittingly Pours
Blazing Pitch Over His
Child in Frenzied Fright
and Causes Son's Demise
LIFE LOST TRYING
TO SAVE A HOUSE
Orders Offspring to. Leave
Home to Avoid Danger and
Places Him in Position
Where His Death Eesults
TACOMA, Wash., May 16.— At Rose
dale yesterday Frank Mclntyre un
wittingly threw the contents of a can
of burning pitch over his six-year-old
David. The child was dreadfully
burned and died while being brought
this morning to a hospital in Tacoma.
David noticed that the pitch in the
can had taken fire while boiling on the
kitchen stove. His father told the boy
to leave the house while he placed the
two-year-old baby in the wood box for
safety. Seizing: a wet cloth Mclntyre
lifted the can to throw it into the yard.
David was opening a small gate lead
ing off the porch when his father ex
citedly threw the contents of the can
into the air. The burning pitch came
down over the boy, searing his face
and legs and setting his clothing on
fire.
Mclntyre ran after the agonized
child and brushed out the fire on his
clothing with his hands. The usual
remedies for burns were applied to the
l<ttle fellow and a local physician at
tended him. Almost completely cov- 1
ered with bandages he was this morn
ing driven four miles to Big Harbor,
where a steamer was taken for Ta
coma. On reaching the hospital it was
found that the little sufferer was dead.
THREE HAVE NARROW
ESCAPE IN RUNAWAY
Coroner Snwyer^s Wife, Her Babe and
Nurse Are Injured hi Accident
Ncnr Bolinns.
SAN RAFAEL. May 16.— The break
ing of a harness strap nearly caused
the death of Mrs. F. E. Sawyer, wife
of Coroner Sawyer; Miss Minnie Ma
ghetti, a nurse, and the nine-months
old daughter of Mrs. Sawyer last night.
Mrs. Sawyer was driving home . from
Bollnas. The night was dark and the
road was rough. When going down the
grade on this side of Bollnas the
breeching strap broke and the horse
became fractious. Mrs. Sawyer tried to
stop the animal, but It ran away, and
at a sharp turn in the road the buggy
overturned and the three occupants
were hurled violently to the ground.
They wereJ dragged some distance,
when the horse and buggy dashed over
a high embankment. Fortunately other
vehicles were passing along and the
passengers assisted the unfortunates.
Mrs. Sawyer was badly cut about the
head and face, the nurse was badly
bruised and the baby seriously hurt.
Unless complications set in it is be
lieved all three will recover.
MISS MCMILLAN'S BODY,
HAS BEEN RECOVERED
Hundreds Watch Truckee River for
the Remains of Victims of
Sunday's Tragedy.
RENO, Nev., May 16. — More than a
thousand people line the banks of the
Truckee River, between Laughtons
Springs and the Truckee Meadows, in
the vain effort to discover the bodies
of the victims of yesterday's tragedy.
All night the vigil was kept at points
where arc lights ,had been suspended
over the waters, *'<d early this morn
ing Indian traile* is' ere sent ou t to
follow both banlf tVy tn e turbulent
stream. To-day £ IVaody of Miss Mc-
Millan was recover.1'1.
F. W. Tinsman I . Chicago, one of the
victims, was treasurer of the Chicago
Art Company and was camped at
Laughtons in company with Charles
Dunlap, the vice president of the com
pany. They were enjoying an outing.
Engineers Resume Session.
LOS ANGELES, May 16.— The . dele
gates to the sixth biennial convention
of the Brotherhood of Locomotive En
gineers reconvened this morning after
two days spent In sightseeing In
Southern California. They remained
in executive session throughout the
day hearing resolutions from .the
various divisions of the order. As
there are an unusually large number
of these memorials it will require sev
eral days to consider and dispose of
them and "¦ other minor matters. , The
more important; business before the
convention will not be reached before
the latter part of the week.
At the morning session of the Ladies'
Auxiliary convention reports were
read showing the condition of the in
surance | department of the organiza
tion. There arev now 4500 members
holding beneficiary policies and more
than $50,000 : has been paid out during
the last two years in benefits.
Jealousy Causes Murder.
SAN DIEGO, May 16.— The Coroner's
jury in the case of Romero Millenez,
who was shot ; dead at iPicacho, re
turned a verdict that • he was 1 killed
either by . Guadelupe ; Montes or by
Francisco .'¦ Santa Cruz, both of whom
are in "custody. The ¦ shooting, it ap
pears, (- was ;the ; outcome 'of ' jealousy
over a young Mexican woman.
PRISONERS
FLEE FROM
TWO JAILS
Prisons Are Eighty Miles
Apart, but Four Men Break
Out of Each on Same Night
and Give Officers a Chase
ESCAPES OCCUE IX
WASHINGTON STATE
One Quartet of Fugitives la
Captured by Posse, but the
Otber Still Manages to
Elude Officials in Pursuit
SPOKANE, May 16. — Eight prison
ers in the county jails at North Ya
kima and Ellensburg. Wash., made
their way to liberty last night and
officers believe the affair was planned
Jointly.
The counties adjoin, though the
cities are eighty miles apart. Officers
of both counties always extend help
to their neighbors in running down
prisoners, and for this reason it is
believed the escape was Jointly
planned.
From the North Yakima jail four
men got out by digging through a
brick wall, two men confined in a
dark cell making a hole, securing an
ax and returning to break the Iock3
on the cells and liberate two pals.
Two of the gang are alleged highway
robbers.
With a piece of gasplpe four Ellens
burg prisoners dug through a brick
wall into the pounty vault. They un
screwed the lock with a knife blade,
walked into the County Treasurer's
office and were easily at liberty. But
the escape was soon discovered and a
posse rounded up the four men. The
¦North Yakima escapes are still at
large.
PERSONAL.
MAJOn GEORGE D. WORSWICK OF
SAX JOSE WHO HAS BEEN RE
ELECTED BY LARGE MAJORITY.
Clerk's office in three minutes after the
polls closed, and then nearly every min
ute thereafter at Millard's bulletin
board complete returns of precincts
were posted three minutes after the
polls closed.
Many voters lost their votes by not
knowing how to manipulate the ma
chines. There was a smaller vote to
day than in 1902, and it is believed it
was caused by many of the old voters
staying away, as they were afraid they
could not master the machines.
To-night; the Worswick followers are
parading the streets several hundred
strong with a brass band, and are
cheering over their victory. Mayor
Worswick was serenaded at his home
and he addressed the multitude.
The vote cast for the head of the
ticket to-day was 429S. Two years ago
it was 4700.
IDA MOOXEY RETURNS
TO FRIENDS IN CITY
Younpr Girl Who Says She Was Kid
naped Brought Back on a
Barkentlnc.
Ida Mooney, who made the asser
tion that she had been kidnaped from
this city and was, with the assistance
of the local police, started on a return
trip to New Zealand, whence she
came, arrived in this city Sunday
afternoon on the barken tine Tomgard.
She was taken to the home of Mrs.
Osborne at 715 Post street and freely
discussed the circumstances of her
abrupt departure.
Miss Mooney, who says she Is nearly
1 9 years of age, says that she was for
mally an Inmate of the Costley Home
at Auckland. Mrs. Trotman, who was
matron of the institution, brought her
to San Francisco and for a time
treated her kindly. Finally her treat
ment was altered, according to the
girl, and the latter went to live with
Mrs. Osborne. She worked in a
restaurant and , was so employed on
March 24, when Detective Bailey took
her to the Hall of Justice, and, after
ward, with Mrs. Trotman, to the
steamship Sonoma and placed her on'
board. The girl" had no desire to re
turn to New Zealand and was happy
to come back to this city. She was
taken from the steamer at Honolulu
and after a hearing before a Judge
was given permission to go where she
wisheo.
GOODMAN'S WILL BENEFITS
CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS
Rev. W. A. Sterling of Sonora Is at
the Occidental.
Colonel H. W. Hubbell of the Ar
tillery Corps. U. S. A., is at the Palace.
William Kerster of Hamburg, an
official of the Kosmos steamship line,
is at the St. Francis.
Edgar Hilderbrand. a mining man
of Tepic, Mexico, and his family ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
John M. Taylor, a capitalist of Co
lumbus. Ohio, and wife are at the Pal
ace. They will go to the Yosemite to
day.
Julius Kruttschnitt. director of main
tenance and operations of the Harrl
man lines, left for Chicago Sunday
night to enter on his new duties there.
Carlos E. Wessel, a wealthy resident
of Santiago, Chile, arrived here yes
terday and is registered at the Occi
dental. He is on his way to St. Louis.
James- L. Frazier, former division su
perintendent of the Southern Pacific
Company, arrived from Louisville, Ky.,
yesterday and is registered at the Pal
ace.
Robert T. Paine Jr., a wealthy resi
dent of Boston, who has been spend
ing the winter at Santa Barbara with
his family, arrived at the St. Francia
yesterday.
Issa Tanimura. a professor of the
University of Tokio, who is to study
conditions in this country, arrived
from the Orient yesterday and is at
the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Mackie of New Zea
land were among the passengers arriv
ing from the colonies on the steamship
Sonoma yesterday and are registered
at the Occidental.
D. H. Burnham, the well-known
Chicago architect, who has been on
the coast for several weeks, returned
yesterday from Monterey and is stay
ing at the St. Francis.
Rev. Father Bernard A. Conaty oi
"Worcester, Mass., a brother of Bishop
Conaty of Los Angeles, arrived here
yesterday on a pleasure trip and is
staying at the Palace.
A. W. Foster, president of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railroad, will de
part on a trip to Europe at the end
of this month, with the view of being
absent several months.
Alfred A. Winslow, United States
Consul General to the city of Guate
mala, and John Jenkins, Consul Gen
eral to the city of San Salvador, ar
rived from Central America yester
day. They axe returning to their
homes on leaves of* absence.
Captain Willis Ullne and Lieuten
ants Kurtz Epply, Walter Gallagher,
John S. Uaham and Jesse Gaston,
jocularly referred to by army officers
as the "marine guards of the trans
port Sherman," arrived from the
Philippines yesterday and are quar
tered temporarily at the Ocidental. .
Pioneer Stone Manufacturer Leaves
$5600 to Worthy Affairs — Rela
tives Get Rest of Estate.
The will of George Goodman, the
pioneer artificial stone manufacturer,
who died here recently, was filed for
probate yesterday. It disposes of an
estate worth more than $250,000. He
leaves $5600 to charitable institutions.
The institutions and the amount left
to each are: The Catholic Orphan
Asylum of San Francisco, $500; He
brew Orphan Asylum, $500; Protestant
Orphan Asylum, $500; San Francisco
Nursery for Homeless Children, $500;
Little Sisters' Infant Shelter, $500;
Children's Hospital (Little Jim ward),
$500; Ladies' Relief Society of San
Francisco, $500; City and County Hos
pital of Alameda County, $600; Chil
dren's Home of Oakland, $500, and to
the Masonic Home at Decoto, Alameda
County $1000.
A number of nephews and nieces of
the deceased are to divide $25,300 and
the rest of the estate goes thus: To
Kate Manasses of Stockton, a niece,
one-half of the residue; to Fanny
Schleissner and Sofle Levy, nieces, re
siding, in Germany, each one-third of
the remainder; the last third going to
M. and Jetty Manasses ; of Stockton.
ACCIDENT CAUSES DAMAGE SUIT.— Zero
Thomas whose 10-year-old son was Injured by
being crushed between two cars of the Pre
sidio and Ferries Railroad Company, sued th»
company yesterday for $10,l>CO damages. !!¦»
Bays the employes of the company were negli
gent In allowing the little fellow to play
around the cars.
QUARRELS WITH PARTXKR.— W. H.
Saylor who with C H. Souther runs the Re
vtew Publishing Company, wants the partner
ship dissolved In a suit filed against Souther
yesterday he alleges that Souther has taken
more than his share of the profits.
CITT PAYS FOR RIOT. — A jury In Judg*
Kerrigan's court yesterday gav« Annie Tanwy
a verdict for $300 damages against the city.
She sued for $-("">. claiming that the saloi'n
of her late husband. David Tarpey. which was
wrecked by riotous soldiers, was worth that
amount.
CAKE OP* FEEBLE-MINDED.— From De
cember 1 1903. to April 30 of this year the
Home for Feeble- minded Children at Glen El
l«n cost this city $3587. Judge Kerrig&a made
an order yesterday directing tea Auditor to
audit tba home's warrant foe that amosat.
SAN JOSE, May 16. — Mayor George
D. Worswick and the administration
ticket; with the exception of City Clerk
Bellolli, were re-elected to-day. The
opposition's only successful candidate
is Roy. Walter, a newspaper man, and
he had but a narrow margin of eight
votes. Worswick's majority is 364.
H. D. Matthews is elected Treasurer
by G57 votes jind John F. Carey Coun
cilman in Second "Ward by 369 and W.
L.^Pieper Councilman in the Third
Ward by 686 votes. The vote was as
follows: Mayor — George D. Wors
wick 2331, A. E. Shumate 1967; City
Cierk — Roy E. Walter .2099, J. A.
Bellolli 2091; City Treasurer — H. D.
Matthews 2205, J. A. Lots 1638, A. P.
Murgotten 126; Councilman Second
Ward — H. W. Otter 1638, John F.
Carey 2295; Councilman Third Ward
— Wesley L. Pieper 2421, D. J. Me-
Ginley 1725.
The issue was the old fight between
the Hayes and Mackenzne factions and
the Hayes faction scored a victory.
Two years ago the Hayes wing scored
their first victory, when they elected
their entire ticket with the exception
of City Treasurer. Since then they
have had full control of the city gov
ernment. Two months ago they se
cured the Treasurer's office through
a defalcation of City Treasurer Mc-
Geoghegari.
Deprived of all city patronage, John
D. Mackenzie has been at work build-
Ing up his machine for the past two
years. To-day's result showed that he
has been able to keep his forces well
In line, but. was unable to make gains
from the other side sufficient to carry
the city. The Hayes people made their
campaign on , Worswick's record for
the last' two years through their two
daily papers.
Last evening three arrests for illegal
registration were made and to-day a
man named Lawrence was arrested for
illegal voting at the request of Police
Commissioner McCarthy. C. D. Acree.
who was one of those arrested last
night, was arrested again to-day on a
bench warrant Issued from Justice Ben
son's court. He was released last night
on bail and failed to show up In court
this morning.
Both . factions worked hard at the
polls to-day. r The Worswick ticket had
the most active workers, but the Mac
kenzieites were not idle. The Harbor
Commissioner was about the city di
recting the fight in the various pre
cincts.
San Jose used the voting machines
for the" first- time to-day. These at
tracted: a great, deal' of attention, not
only here but N from about the State.
This is the first time the machines
have been used in any large city of
the "West. • Election Commissioners
Voorsanger, and Roberts of San Fran
cisco were present, as was also Frank
H. Jordan, Clerk of the Supreme Court
and the State representative of the
United States Standard Voting Ma
chines. The voting machines were a
success. Within fifteen minutes after
the polls were closed the result of the
vote in all the precincts was known in
the City Hall," with the , exception of
one precinct. This one was the Ninth,
and: there the election officials did not
know how to open the back of the ma
chine. This return was received thirty
minutes after the polls closed.
. The first returns were received ixUbe
CONSUMER SUES GAS COMPAXY.—"Wil
liam Mitchell, who conducts a lodging-house
at S56 Ellis street, sued the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company yesterday for $2500
damages he sayi he has sustained be-'
cause his ga* was shut off. He says the gas
was shut off because h« refused to pay * bill
bo considered unjust.
Venerable Minister Gives Up Hope of Escaping
the Retired List — Many Prominent Aspirants
in the Methodist Conference Seek High Honor
NOTES TELL
OF WOMAIS
KNOWLEDGE
FATALLY BY
FATALLY BY
HIS FATHER
FRIENDS OF BISHOP FOSS
MAKE UNSUCCESSFUL FIGHT
HAYES FACTION VICTORIOUS
IN THE SAN JOSE ELECTION
Mackenzie's Forces Routed by a Heavy Majority
and the Entire Administration Is Elected With
One Exception— Voting Machines Successful
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904.
Pages 11 to 20
Pages II to 20Alameda County.
MONDAY. MAT 18.
Edwin C. and Hattle B. Overholtzer to Wil
liam Anx^nhofer (single), lot 2. block D. map
Edith Tract. Berkeley; $10. ¦ „
Frederick O. and Jessie O. Hurt toAwU* t.
*nd Harry M. W. Edmonds r?;™ 0^ 9 }' tl'
32*. lot 4. block E, map Ko. 3. Hlllegass Tract.
Berkeley; $100. _ _, TH
Lydia M. Davidson (widow) to E. W. Un
forth. lot on B line of Wheeler »tr»-et, I J>>
S of Ashby avenue. S BO by B 150. »«»»«*
portion of lot 6. block A. map part of "Woolsey
Tract. Berkeley, warranty deed: J1O. -,„,,-..
Louise N. Grant (single) to Hattie E. Baker
(single), lot on W Una of Shuey avenue 1-*
S of East Twenty-seventh street (HufT *v*™<?-
S 30 by W 115. portion lot 1, map portion Snuey
estate. Brooklyn Township; $10. -.„,,_. «.
Raymond L. and Olla Bemlerby. Oeorse .
Austin (their attorney) to Emily I- R " s^"!
(widow), lot on NW corner of T^nty**'™ 1 ,*".' 1
West streets. N 50 by W ICO. lot \O. block J.
Curtis and Williams Tract. Oakland: *1<>.
Roberta, A. and Hilton JE5u!kley to t-arr|f J*
Dick, lot on S line of 2^,^
of TeleeTaoh avenue, W 50 by S 14-.-^, d* 1 "*
W 20 r£rt of lot 29 and E SO feet of lot 30.
Alden Tract. Oakland: $10.
American Surety Company of N«w Tork.
John R. and Henrietta MacOrecor to Rlchani
Beadeli: lot on N lln«j>f Fifty-fourth s tre* .
H of Park E S":6 by N 100. lot Jt,
Wock B. F-ESk Golden Cat* Tract. Oak
la Thoma^ F. Dyer (single) toMary Henry
(wlf« Walter H.). lot on SE Hn« of \ernon
street. 130 NE of Santa Rosa ajemie NR
45 by SE 132. portion lots 22 and -3. bloc*
F Stanford Tract. Oakland; $10. _ •
Katharina Bieler (widow) to Jacob T7«hrU.
lot on SW line of East Fourteenth street .5
SE of Sixteenth avenue. SK 25 by SW H".
lot 21. block 13. San Antonio. East Oakland;
PS and Emma J. Eastman to Charle* D-
Heywood. lot on E line of Mllvla street. 200
N of Vine N 4© by B 135, portion lot II.
block 2 Graves and Taylor Tract. Berkeley:
$10.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The man .who attends strictly to his
own business has little competition.
OAKLAND, May 16.— When the re-
ATHLETES CONTEST.
The production of beer in this coun
try is now more than half a barrel for
every man, woman and child In the
United States.
view of the parade within the race
track was over the athletic contests
were inaugurated and afforded diver
sion for the throng for two hours. The
officials of the games were. as follows:
Starter, Walter Christy; judges— H. M.
Piatt, E. J. Smith, W. B. Fawcett;.
judge of bicycle races, C. L. McEner
ney; tinw^-s— W. B. Hinchman and
Frank Boeck. The entries and results
of the games follow:
100-yard handicap foot race: Starters in
firi=t heat— Cope. Lick School, scratch; Hess,
unattached, r. yards; Flck»8, Oakland Hlsh
School, 5 yards; Overend. Oakland High
School, 5 yards; Melvln, Oakland High School,
2 yards; Wilcux, U. C, 3 yards; Walker, Oak-
land Hlth Kchool, 5 yards. Won by Cope,
Melvln second, Wilcox third. Time, :10 2-5.
Second heat — McNamara, Oakland High
School, 5 yards; Schnables, . Oakland High
School, 3 yard*; Coyne, ©akland High School,
4 yards; Whitman, Berkeley Hl*rh School, 1
yard; Sites, Oakland High School, 4 yards;
J.irila, V. C, 2 yards; LaValllere.' Oakland
Hlsh School, 2 yards. Won by Sites. Coyne
second. Whitman third. Time, :10 4-5.
Final heat — Cope, scratch; Melvln, 2 yards;
Wilcox. 3 yards; Sites, 4 yards; Coyne, . 4
yards; Whitman, 1 yard. Won by Cope, Sites
second, Wllccx third. Tim*, :10. -,
Bicycle" race, three-mile lnterclub, each
club to be represented by three men, each man
to ride one mile — Garden City Wheelmen, rep
resented by W. C. Walbel, J. R. - Berryessa
and It. Dleffenbacher: Oakland Wheelmen, rep
resented by W. Luccio, C. Nelson and R. Wil
liamson. Won by Garden City Wheelmen team.
Time. 9:34 2-5.
High Jump— Won by Hall, O. H. 8., height
0 feet; Magerstadt. Lick School, and. Melvln,
O. H. S.. tied for second.
220 yards handicap foot race: First heat-
Dunn; Stanford, scratch ; Coyne, O. H. S., . 5
yards; McXnmara, O. H. 8.. 0 yards; Walker.
O. H. S.. 6 yards; .Schnables, O. H. S., 4
yards. Won by Dunn, Walker second,
Schnables third. Time,. :24. .
Second heat — Cope. Lick, 4 yards; Hess, un
attached. 6 yards; Sites, O. H. 8., 5 yards;
Overend, O. II. S., 6 yards; Whitman. B. H.
S.. 4 yards; Fickes, O. H. S.. 6 yards; LaVal
liere, O. H. 8.. 2 yards.- Won by Cope, Whit
man second, Melvin third. Time, :23 4-6.
Final heat — Dunn, scratch; Walker. 0 yards;
Schnables. 4 yards; Cope, 4 yards; Whitman,
4 yards; Melvln. 4 yards. Won by Cope. Dunn
second. Whitman third. Time, :22 2-5.
Ore mile handicap bicycle race. Starters —
Waibel, O. C. W.. scratch: Berryessa. 'O. C-
W., scratch : Dirffenbacher, G. C. W., ' 10
yards: Luccio, O.-W.. 10 yard*: Nelson.' O.
W., .10 yards: Williamson, • O..W., .10 yards;-
Traut, N. C. W.. 10 yards; Kenyon, N. C. W.,
30 yirds. Won by Tratit. Wnlbel second. Wil
liamson third. Time, 2:58 8-5. .
The ceremonies ended with the pre
sentation of a pennant to Captain Pay
son on behalf of the school children of
Berkeley. The presentation was made
by little Ernest Sadler, who was dress
ed as a Bailor in white duck. Master
Sadler was so overcome by the pres
ence of the* great personages around
him that he forgot his speech, but the
words of greeting on the streamer
were a sufficient message. The words
were: "School, children's greetings,
Berkeley, May 16, 1904."
In the meantime the band played Its
liveliest aira and "the 6Chool children
decorated- the engine and cars with
streamers of flowers. The streamers
were hung from the windows and
bunches of flowers were tied on the
guard and stanchions and wherever
there was a prong of any sort. The
depot had already been decorated with
flags and bunting and pennants and a
big blue and gold sign of welcome
hung over the tracks. Beneath this
the train passed when at last it pulled
out for Oakland.
"It was part of* my duty to ask of
you and the other members of the
Board of Trustees for the franchises
for the Santa Fe road a couple of years
ago and I assure you it is a pleasure
to be here to thank you now. You re
member we had some little discussion
then over the conditions of the fran
chises, but we have fulfilled our prom
ises and our relations I hope will al
ways be perfectly amicable.
"There is no doubt about the signifi
cance of this event. The placing of a
town of this size on a transcontinental
railway certainly is of great signifi
cance. Now you have the first com
peting transcontinental railroad in the
West. We will, I think, have your co
operation always. You cannot get
along without us very well and we
can not get along without you. I hope
that there shall be nothing In our fu
ture relations that will mar the mem
ory of the celebration that has marked
this occasion."
not behind Southern California in the
production of floral display. We trust,
sir, that this day will mark an epoch
in the history of Berkeley and wish
you all the success for the future."
Responding Captain Payson said that
he had never had any doubt about Ber
keley and these roses were sufficient
indication of the beauty of the town.
And then turning to Mr. Rickard he
said:
At Oakland a fiatcar had been deco
rated - for the use of the - reception
committee.. On this car were United
States, Senator George,; C. Perkins,
Mayor Warren Olney of Oakland, vari
ous members of the Oakland City
Council, the Alameda County j Board
of Supervisors, the Town ' Trustees of
Berkeley and '.President
H." C. Capwell of the Oakland Board
Oaklanders were determined to
make the day memorable in the his
tory of the town and they succeeded
beyond the expectations of the most
ardent "Booster."
There was a regular programme,
carried out with greater fidelity than is
usual with such events. The various
committeemen and Grand Marshal
Bates and his aids all seemed to feel
that they were working on railroad
time, and that while ordinary par
adesi might fail to start on time, when
they were working to meet an overland
train that was to arrive at a particular
moment they would have to be
prompt. And so it was that. when the
Santa Fe train swept around the curve
in front of the new depot on San
Pablo avenue the Oakland parade was
crossing the avenue and had to be
halted to give the train the right of
way.
There were two trains that reached
Oakland at the time set for the open
ing and the crowd * that gathered to.
give the welcome became confused.
The first train was the regular, known
on the timecards as. No. .41, and. in
order not to interfere with the reg
ular travel of the road, it was decided
to send this train through on ; schedule
time. A second train .was made up
and run as a special, carrying ex
cursionists from Martinez, Point Rich
mond and even as far as Stockton. On
the rear of this was the directors' car
of the Santa Fe Company, carrying all
of the general -officials of the. com
pany who were on the coast at the
time. This train made stops' at vari
ous places along the road .and ar
rived in Oakland shortly after 11
o'clock, where the big demonstration
was held.
X * FLATCAR FOR COMMITTEE.
Schools and stores were closed and
the people rejoiced. The music of
many bands filled the air with har
mony and flower-bedecked carriages
made the parade one of rare beauty.
Bicycles and automobiles were numer
ous and youth and beauty joined with
stern age to welcome the pioneer
Santa Fe train from New Orleans.
Bunting decorated 'buildings, flags
fluttered from poles and wires, and at
no town where the rails of the Santa
Fe system touch was ever such a royal
welcome given the first train that
came within its precincts. Even the
committees that arranged the event
were surprised at the outpouring and
the officials of the railroad were
stunned when they saw the crowds
that had gathered to do them honor.
The Santa Fe officials were the most
surprised of all and they repeatedly
said that had they known what Oak
land was doing by way of a welcome
they would have gone further than
they did to decorate the train.
OAKLAND, May 16. — Santa Fe day
will be remembered aa a holiday, even
though it is not marked on the calen
dars.
This is a day of great promise for Oakland.
The nrst train over a new transcontinental line
hat hardly come to a standstill, and yet we
are this early : tasting the frultsu of com
petltion-and may the cup never be drained.
H.C Capwell, president of the Oak
land Board of Trade, had this to' say:
I am glad to be here to-day, but I appear
only as a prosy. I came to tell you that the
Governor of this State, the Hon. George C.
Pardee your townsman, cannot attend because
of official duties that keep him at the Capitol.
But I am glad to tell you how much this roail
means to the people of the State .and the
people of Oakland. This is a great State.
There are to-day but nine people to each
square mil* of Its surface. We i could make
that ten times that number and still, give
every person a farm that -would support a
family I hardly believe . that cttiiens ap
preciate - the State'* resources. New sources
of wealth are being discovered each day and
our future Is practically unlimited. But
while we are thanking the people who made
this road possible we must remember the men
who did the work. . the engineers, firemen and
conductors who handle these great trains, and
to them I wish to lift my hat as a mark of
respect. :¦ ' . v
GOVERNOR'S PROXY SPEAKS.
United States Senator Gorge C.
Perkins spoke for Governor George C.
Pardee, who could not attend. The
Senator told them the Governor Was
detained, at Sacramento and. then
added his words of. welcome, saying:
The Santa Fe officials "boarded the
car, where the Oakland committee
stood ready to receive them, and were
Introduced by Edwin Stearns, secre
tary of; the Oakland Board of Trade.
M. J. Keller, treasurer of the Oakland
Board of Trade, had a few words to
say as chairman of the general com
mittee. He spoke briefly a welcome
to the new road and told how for
years Oakland had desired a compet
ing railroad. He then introduced
Mayor Warren Olney of Oakland, who
delivered the address of welcome on
behalf of the municipal communities
on this side of the bay, saying:
Oakland Is jclad to greet another trans
continental road, and extends to you, gentle
men as representing that road, the heartiest
of welcomes. Every man, woman and child in
Oakland Is glad to see you here. In the olden
times when men and nations were not so well
acquainted with one another." they fought and
battled as If they were wild animals. , If I
were asked to-day what was the greatest aid
to the civilization and uniting of humanity I.
would say in one word, railroads. With this
aid we are learning to know each other better.
Therefore, we of Oakland rejoice that another
transcontinental line has reaghed our limits.
We welcome you for the material benefit* you
bring. A single road Is better than none, but
two more than double the blessing. We have
never been so badly off here as were the people
of the south before you came, but we lock
for great good to Oakland because of your
coming.
of Trade, President A. Jonas of the
Oakland Merchants' Exchange and
committeemen from the different im
provement organizations of Oakland,
Alameda. Berkeley, Emeryville and
the surrounding country. When the
special train arrived a switch engine
picked up the decorated flatcar and
attached it to the directors' car. The
Santa Fe officials, consisting of A. H.
Payson, assistant to the president of
the road; John *T. Byrne, general pas
senger agent; A. G. Wells, general
manager; W. A. Bissell, assist
ant general traffic manager; F.
B. Houghton, assistant general
freight agent; J. W. Walker,
division superintendent; J. J. Warner,
general freight and passenger agent
for Oakland; W. G. Dozter, agent at
the new depot at Oakland; Edward
Chambers, general ticket agent; H. K.
Gregory, assistant general passenger
agent; F. J. Sheppard, general super
intendent; Harry Isaacs, general bag
gage agent; J. H. Harlow, master me
chanic; W. B. HInchman, chief clerk,
and a number of others. ,
OAKLAND, May 16. — The proces
sion that -welcomed the first Santa Fe
train was characteristic of the city.
It was essentially a floral display. No
vehicle of any sort was allowed in the
parade that did not carry flowers as
Its special feature. Lilies, red roses,
geraniums and every flower -that
grows were lavishly used and the out
lines of the carriages were lost in
myriads of colored blooms.
The procession was directed by
Charles D. Bates Jr. as grand mar
shal, aided by J. W. Mathews, Ray
Baker, Oscar Luning, Harold Havens,
A. B. Fately, Dr. W. L. Dunn, Dr.
Shannon, Dr. W. J. Smytne, A. Gard,
Fred E. Blanchard and Joseph Ede
lin.
The division for single horse car
riages was two blocks long and con-,
tained many of the prettiest displays
in buggy decorating. . It was directed
by Marshal D. H. McLaughlin and
Aids Fred T. Delckmann and Charles
T. Pugh. Citizen vied with citizen to
make ordinary buggies pretty, and
some -unique effects were obtained.
Mrs. Dr. Mehrmann drove a carriage
completely covered with calla lilies
and greens. Several rigs of "boosters"
created enthusiasm by continued
cheering for Greater .Oakland. Fol
lowing is the list of carriages entered
in the procession: Henry A- Butter*
and', .party, West . End Improvement
Association, F. M.~ Smith, W. Havens.
Dr. E. G. Brlnkerhoff, Mr. and Mrs.
J. S. Emery. R. A. Archibald. Frank
P. Lea, John Maxwell, Louis Schaffer.
William Harris, John Nlcholl, Charles
Butters, Ye Liberty Playhouse, W. H.
Jenkins, F. F. Porter, T. J. White, H.
G. Fuller and the Bell Theater.
Division three contained .the auto
mobiles. There were eight In the pro
cession. C. T. Heeseman drove a dou
ble seated Rambler. With Mr. Heese
man were Carl Solzt, J. Merchants
and J. C. Hanna.
h . The Retail Grocers' and Merchants'
Association had a double Rambler so
Many Vehicles Take Part in Pictur
esque Procession.
FLORAL. PAI1ADE.
The officials were then lunched at
the clubhouse of the California Jockey
Club at the Oakland track.
At the time our franchises were granted I
was not able to promise a new ferry, but
this facility baa now been given to you. and
while I am adverse to prophecy, I fully be
lieve that the time will soon come ¦ when the
cities on the cast side of the bay, from Ala
meda to Richmond, will ba linked into ona
great municipality.
Ladles and Gentlemen of Oakland: I wish
I were better fitted to eloquently reply to the
kind words that have been said. I wish now
to thank you for the generous manner in
which my company was treated at the time
our franchise was secured. 1 also wish to
thank the landowners for their liberality and
also the citizens who materially assisted us.
Captain A. H. Payson on behalf of
the officials of the Santa Fe replied to
the congratulations offered by the
citizens, saying:
Gentlemen of the Santa Fe, I wish to extend
to you a hearty greeting on behair of the
merchants. Not only has this new road linked
us more closely with the Ea«t. but It will
also assist in forming Richmond, Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda into one grreat city.
And now, gentlemen, on behalf of the Oakland
Hoard of Trade and the 1GO.000 people who
live upon this slda of the bay, we bid you.
welcome — a welcome born of long desire and
exi>ectatlon.
A. Jonas, president of the Mer
chants' Exchange, had this to say:
Senator Perkins Greets Newcomer for the Governor
and Mayor Olney Speaks for Oakland.
The fire started at 10:30 and the
caused is unknown, as there had not
been any fire in the building. The
value of the'building was $3000. The
total loss will amount to about $5000.
The foundry and smelting works of
the California Smelting Company, lo
cated at Fourth and Fallon streets,
were totally destroyed to-night by a
fire which started in the rear of the
building. The building had . been
erected by the Oakland Dock and
Warehouse Company and had just
been leased for five years to Harmon
& Wright, the proprietors of the Cal
ifornia Smelting Company. The build
ing was to have been used for the
manufacture of a composition metal
and the necessary machinery had just
been installed, but the plant had not
been put into operation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, May 16.
"With a revolver always within reach
Mrs. F. McDonough of 247 Hanna street
defies further encroachment upon her
property of workmen engaged in dig
ging the Thirty-sixth street outfall
sewer. She fears that any additional
excavation near her home will cause it
to topple into the ditch and she has
warned all laborers and contractors
away from her premises,
fears that any additional excavation
near her home will cause It to topple
into the ditch and she has warned all
laborers and contractors away from
her pr&mises.
Repeated requests bv Mrs. McDon
ough, she asserts, failed to make the
sewer diggers desist in their opera
tions, but when she appeared on the
property line this morning armed with
a shooting iron there was a scattering
of the enemv and the woman was
quickly in possession of the situation.
"The sewer contractors are making
such a large ditch and running It so
close to my house that I am afraid
they* will undermine the foundation
and cause the house to fall into the
trench," said Mrs. McDonough. "I
have demanded $50, the expense of
moving the building, and $25 damages."
William H. Mackinnon, who is inter
ested in the construction of the sewer,
states that he means to treat Mrs. Mc-
Donough fairly, but that she refuses
to listen to reason and endeavors to
have everything her own way. ;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
11J8^ Broadway, May 16.
SOME OF THE SCENES THAT MARKED THE BIG CELEBRATION ARRANGED AND SUCCESSFULLY CARRIED OUT BY
THE PEOPLE OF OAKLAND IN HONOR OF THE ARRIVAL IN THAT CITY OF THE FIRST TRAIN OVER THE
TRACKS OF THE SANTA FE. ' -,.. . . .' .
Oakland Woman Protects
Premises ."With Pistol, and
Orders the Diggers Away
Plant of California Smelt
ing Company Takes Fire
in Some Manner Unknown
FUMES DEVOUR
LARGE FOUNDRY
GUARDS HOUSE
WITH FIREARM
WKLCOME IN BERKELEY.
J3ERKELEY. May 16.— The Santa Fe
train got its first welcome from Berke
ley. A big engine puffed into the little
Mission etation, dragging eight cars
behind It, and puffed away again with
the shouts of the populace ringing in
us ears. It came bare and colorless
and went clothed in garlands of flow
ers, set by the deft hands of a thou
hsand little school children. Words of
greeting were exchanged between the
newcomers and the official represen
tatives of the town and the first few
minutes of a new epoch had been
Btruck off.
The train drew into the station twen
ty minutes late, that is to say, it ar
rived at 10:00 o'clock instead of 10:30
o'clock, as schedule^ A local train
heralded the cfficialMxain and nearly
everybody mistook it for the other.
The passengers were regaled with
flowers by the school children until
they discovered that they were dec
orating the wrong outfit. The official
train announced itself a little later by
a long, screeching whistle that came
in half a mile ahead of the engine. It
betrayed itself by the puffs of white
and black smoke that shot up from
behind a hill in the distance. Then it
marched slowly into the station, with
the thundering airs of a giant and dis
dainful of the shouts of welcome from
a multitude, and came to a stop.
There was a pause and then Captain
Parson appeared upon the rear plat
form of the rear car. A shout went up
and the Santa Fe's official bowed. An
other pause and then Thomas Rickard,
President of the Board of Trustees,
arose in the decorated baggy he oc
cupied alongside the track to make the
Welcoming address. Mr. Hickard's
epeech was timely and to the point and
he said:
"We are come to congratulate you
upon the consummation of this great
achievement and to wish you prosper
ity. All Berkeley Joins in the welcom
ing and. well- wishing to the Santa Fe
Railroad. We are going to co-operate
with you in all your endeavors in the di
rection of improvement and thank you
again in anticipation of the benefits
that are to come to us."
Then, just to show one side of the
productiveness of Berkeley and her
possibilities, a big bunch of red roses
was presented to Captain Payson. The
presentation speech was made by Red
mond C. Staats of the Board of Trus
tees in behalf of two representative
women of Berkeley. Mr. Staats said:
Mr. Payson: "On behalf of Mrs. A.
G. Freeman and Mrs. A. J. Ralston of
Berkeley I present you with this bo
quet of roses. And we trust that it
will be an Indication that Berkeley is
After passing the Santa Fe depot
and the pioneer train the parade
wended its way to the Emeryville
racetrack, proceeded around the
course once and was viewed by
more than 5000 persons seated in the
big grand stand and assembled In th<>
paddock and the Inner field. As thn
decorated saddle horses, vehicles r>f
various patterns, automobiles, wheels
and floats passed they were judged bv
Henry Butters, who awarded ribbons
of merit In the several classes.
Among those who received awards of
merit weTe Mrs. M. J. Keller and Mrs.
G. W. Burr, single phaetons; Charles
Butters, double phaeton; Mrs. . Sam
Hubbard, carriage; Mrs. H. B. Mehr
mann. two-seated trap; Miss * Grace;
Laymance and Harry Butters, carts' ;
Ny Err.est. boy's saddle horse; J. S.
Emery and Dr. G. H. Derrick, two
seated phaetons; Novelty Theater,
float; C. J. Heeseman and F. ;C.
Havens, private automobiles; Oakland
Retail Grocers' Association and Oak
land Real Estate Association, advertis
ing automobiles; marshal's sacMIa
horse, C. D. Bates Jr.; private saddle
norse, J. J. Naegle: bicycles. Harry
Orbell and Phillip Orbell; best turn
out by bicycle club, Oakland Wheel
men.
John Conant and family, R- J. Me-
Mullin and family and M. KJelsberg. a
member of the California Automobile
Club, drove flower-laden vehicles.
Thirty-five of the Oakland Wheel
men's Club turned out, led by Captain
M. M. Moffltt. A- B. Moffltt. president
»of the organization; F. Bruzzone, secre
tary, and R. Brown, treasurer, rode in
the front rank.
There were several elaborately got up
floats to bring up the rear of the
floral parade. The Oakland Board of
Trade had a large wooden likeness of
a locomotive completely covered with
red roses. The Boosters' Club, more
than sixty strong, rode in a specially
constructed barge. During the proces
sion they cheered for greater Oakland.
Upon the float was the sign "We guar
antee Oakland a population of 300,000 in
191<9." The people cheered for the or
ganization.
covered with flowers that only i the
heads of the occupants could be seen
through the foliage. "Welcome" was
written in blue flowers against a white
background on both side's. The men
who rode in the machine were. L.ud
¦wlg "Warlike, president; "W. J. Hop
kins, secretary, and Q. A. Russell,
treasurer.
The largest auto In the procession
was that of the Oakland Real Estate
Association. It was a three-seated
touring car covered with flowers. Presi
dent Frank J. Woodward drove the
machine. With him were John T. Bell,
vice president; George W. Austin, sec
retary; Ellis E. "Wood, assistant secre
tary; A. J. Snyder, treasurer; It. J.
Montgomery. R. E. Holcomb and E.
Laymance.
Miss Marian Sterling, Miss Avis
Sterling, MlS3 Gladys Maxwell. Seyd
Havens and Charles McSweat drove a
double-seated Cadillac.
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Kelley of the
Oakland Transit Consolidated drove a
machine decorated with flags upon
which was inscribed, "Welcome, Santa
Fe."
As. soon as the case was called this
'. p.fternoon Attorney Charles E. Snook,
representing Howe, made objection to
the form of the affidavit, giving as his
reason thPt the charges were made by
a person who, so far as he knew, was
irresponsible and that if Rowe was
obliged to answer the charges under
the present action it left him -without
recauree against his accuser in case it
was .decided that the charges lacked
foundation and had been falsely and
yialiclously made,
•Twenty-seven separate charges of
overcharge were made, aggregating
$3S 50, and It was attempted to throw
Kwve out of office on these grounds.
The" Supervisor filed an answer in
•which each of these items was ex
plained, but under Judge Greene's rul
*ing the explanation was not necessary.
The accusation brought against Su
pervisor H. D. Jlowe of having over
charged the county in his mileage bills
¦was thrown out of court this afterndon
by Judge W. E. Greene, who held that
Ji"lie proper steps had not been taken to
bring the natter before him. The
t h arses -were made by one J. E. Guil
hault, who alleged on Information and
belief that the facts he swore to were
true. Judge Greene held that the
t-tmrge should have been brought in the
name of the people and should have
been investigated either by a^Justice
of the Peace or a Grand Jury.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May • 16.
The Matter Had No Proper
Place in Court According
"to Judge Greene's Ruling
AFFIDAVIT THROWN OUT
Accusation That He Over
charged in His Mileage.
Bills Go Up in Smoke
CHARGES FAIL
AGAINST ROWE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
PIONEER SANTA FE TRAIN WELCOMED BY BRILLIANT PARADE THAT
ASTONISHES OFFICIALS BY ITS GRANDEUR AND DECORATIONS
12
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2143 Center- Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4o»3.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
fav STOMACH a
Indigestion, Constipation, Dyspep-
sia and Weak Kidneys are foes to
good health. Cure them at once by-
taking the Bitters. It never fails
even in the most severe cases. Doc-
tors endorse it. Try a bottle. It is
also unequalcd as a preventive ot
Malaria, Fever and Ague.
ADVEBTIST!7ffT,NT3>
ASVXBTISEXEET3.
MODERN METHODS
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of
...DENTISTRY...
Place our work on & plane much above
the average. Nothing: Is done on chance.
Each operation Is successful because
carefully considered and skillfully car-
ried out.
TEETH
Made by us. will last for many years.
Gold rilUnr«. .Sl-00 Bone Filling: 50c
BUver r illia£-*.. . 50c Extraction Pree.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
3 TATZ.0B ST., SAXT FBAKCISCO.
973 Washington St, Oakland. . ;
fu Some. - " - - Sacramento.Want Equal Suffrage.
The California Equal Suffrage Asso
ciation was incorporated yesterday by
a number of women. They are Mary
S. Sperry, Gall Laughlln, Minerva E.
Klbbe, • Carfie A. Whelan, Clara M.
Schlingheyde, Ellen C. Sargent, Alice
L. Park, Theresa S. Speddy, Annie R.
Wood, Hat tie J. D. Chapman and An
nie L. Corbett. S&SSlf
First race, four and a half furlonsrs. selling —
Platoon won, Oceaner second, Hersaln. third.
Time, : 5S U.
Second race, one and an eighth miles, selling
— Charles D won Foncasta second, Henry of
Franstamar third. Time. 2:(KJV4.
Thinl race. "Is furlongs*, selling — Glorlosa
won, Zella Knight secMid. Rush Reuben third.
Time. 1:18 Vj. f
Fourth race, seven and a half furlongs, purse
— Fossil won, Lurallghter second, St. Tam
many third. Tim*, 1:38%.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, hurdles,
rurse — John E. Owens won, Imperious second,
Beana third. Time. 2:HC.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Banquero
won Elfin King second, Irish Jewel third.
Time. 1:1814.
KANSAS CITY. May 16.— Elm Ridge sum
mary :
Kansas City Racing Results.
A new time schedule for its train
and ferry system will go into effect on
the North Shore rond to-day. Instead
of one through train to Cazadero, as
heretofore, there will be two here
after, the first, leaving at 7:45 o'clock
in the morning and the other at 3:15
in the afternoon. The schedule also
provides for extra trains to Point
Reyes on Sunday at 9:15 a. m. and an-_
other at 7:15 p. m., and an extra train'
to the same point on all days except
Saturdays and Sundays at 5:15 p. m.
Six more trains are placed on the runs
to San Rafael. Mill Valley and inter
mediate points. In fact the new
schedule increases the total number of
trains on the entire line to 124 a day
except Sunday and twenty-four boats
each way on week days and twenty on
Sundays. The changes have been
made to meet the requirements" of the
traveling public during the summer
season.
More Trains on North Shore.
The people of the United States eat
J150.000.000 worth of candy In a year,
and there are nearly five thousand fac
tories making it, with a capital of $38,
000.000.
Albert M. Hauser, the dishonest
Mint employe, who confessed that he
stole gold from the Mint, was held for
trial by United States Commissioner
Heacock yesterday. His bail was fixed
at $1000. The credit of his detection
is due to United States Secret Service
Agents George W. Hazen and Thomas
B. Foster, who discovered last Jan
uary that fine gold, containing an al
loy of coin silver, was being sold In
this city. They watched the "fence"
for several weeks and their vigilance
was rewarded by seeing a womanen
ter the place and sell to the proprietor
an Ingot valued at 5200. They fol
lowed her to 1279 Union street and
discovered that she was Hauser's wife
and that Hauser was In the melting
department of the Mint. Secret Ser
vice Agent Burns joined in the inves
tigation and arrested Hauser. Tn*e
prisoner made a full confession and
asked that his wife should not be
prosecuted.
Hauser worked in Shreve's for four
teen years.
In Order to Save His Wife From
Prosecution He Makes Full Con
fession of Crime.
MINT THIEF HAUSER
IS HELD FOR TRIAL
One of the articles of agreement
provides that neither of the principals
shall engage in a fistic encounter with
any one before the date of the ar
ranged fight.
The match was arranged by Willie
Britt, brother and manager of the
champion featherweight of yie world,
and Harry Pollok, who tends to the
financial arrangements In- "Young Cor
bett's" , fighting career. The match
was made after many stormy inter
views, during one of which Corbett
claimed he had been robbed by the
decision of Referee Eddie Graney at
the last£flght in San Francisco. The
conversation occurred in a well known
saloon and Britt spilt out a handful of
gold and greenbacks from his pocket
and said to Corbett:
"I can lick you in an ash barrel,
and if I can't all this money is yours."
Manager Willie Britt interfered and
hostilities were avoided. Both Cor
bett and Pollok are pleased over the
agreement made for the forthcoming
fight and believe that Britt will go
down to 1 defeat. On the other hand,
the champion says that he can "make
a monkey" out of the Denver boy at
their next meeting, and his brother Js
equally positive of the result.
NEW YORK, May 16. — An agree
ment was entered into here to-day be
tween James Britt and "Young Cor
bett" for a twenty-round battle in San
Francisco at some date before Decem
ber 31 of this year, the date to be set
by mutual agreement of the fighters.
The fight is to take place under the
auspices of the athletic club offering
the best inducements.
Signs Articles to Meet
"Young" Corbett in This
City Before End of Year
BRITT AGREES
TO FIGHT AGAIN
Mfth race, seven furlongs, selling— Rachel
"Ward won Amorous second, Miriam W third.
Tlm<\ 1:30.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty >ard« — The
Guardsman won. TCosemond second. Mandamus
third. Time. 1 :46«£.
Fourth race, -the Juvenile Stakes, five fur
loiiKE — The Pet won. Magic second. Doubt
third. Time. 1:0314.
Third race, handicap, one mile — Autollght
rrcn, Merry Pioneer second. Coruscate third.
Time. 1:42
Second race, six furlongs— Talpa won, Miss
Crawford second. Nannie Hodges third." Time
1:15;
First race, selling, four and a half furlongs —
Tta&ka won. Rosessa second, W'oodclalm third
Time. :56U-
Speedy Filly Captures the Rich Stake
.'- : X at Louisville. c*.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. May 16. — Churchill
Downs surnmary:
First race — Lou Merrell, Wood
lands, Anona.
Second race — Van Xess, Typhonic,
Never Fret.
Third race — Flo Bob, Floral Kin^,
Commodore.
Fourth race — Toscan, Huzzah, Gil
fa In.
Fllfh race — R. L. Johnson. Modred
law. Clara Bcrrr.
i Sixth race — Little Elkin, Potheen,
Thane.
•
THE PET WINS JUVENILE.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
As train Xo. 27. bound from Pa
cific Grove to San Francisco, was pass
ing: Bernal station at 11:55 a. m. yes
terday Engineer James Stuart saw a
shabbily dressed man throw himself
in front of the locomotive. , Stuart at
once applied the air brakes and stop
ped the train In the shortest possible
time, but the man had already been
crushed to death under tha wheels.
The mangled remains were taken to
the depot at Third and Townsend
streets, where they were delivered to
the Coroner's deputies. Nothing: was
found in the rockets of the dead man
by which his Identity could be ascer
tained. He appeared to be about 40
years of age end looked like a tramp
or a laborer In very Indigent circum
etances.
ghabblly Dressed Stranger, Whose
Identity Is Not Known. Commits
Suicide at Bcrnal Station.
DESPERATE MAN THROWS
HIMSELF UNDER ENGINE
Vanderbilt's Yacht Is Third.
PARIS. May 16. — W. K. Vander
•bHt's Calico came in third to-day in
the race for the Prix Clochettes at the
Ft. Cloud meeting.
First race — Monadnock, Sehoharic,
Gay Lothario.
* Second rnce — Austin Allen, 'Augur,
Blue Coat.
Third race — Drake entry, Long
Spur. Thistle Heather.
Fourth race — Toboggan, Out of
Reach, Candidate.
Fifth race — Go Between, Ella Sny
der, Stuyve.
Sixth race— Palm Rearer, Hurst
bourne, BroomsticU.
By the Morning .Telegraph
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK. May 16.— Thn following are
the entries tor the races at Morris Park to
morrow :
First race, six and a half furlongs of With
ers mile— Burninr Glass 114. Harry Patten
114. Schoharle IIS*. Queen Elizabeth 112. Orloff
114. W. B. Fasig 102. Gay Lothario 112.
Neither One 11.1, Billy Roche 0'J, Gold Domn
10$, Monadnock 106.
Second race, four and a half furlongs.
Eclipse course, two-year-olds — Invader 113,
Pasadena 113. Austin Allen 113, Mon Amour
110 Augur 110, Veto 105. Councilman lt)S.
Wild IrlRhman 113, Belligerent lf>8. By Play
108, Blue Coat 10S, Otsego 108, Gamaria 1C8.
Nevada 105. Wayward Lass 105, Rose of
Dawn 105.
Third race. Withers mile, th«» Baychestei- —
Tomcod 107, Longspur 103. Thistle Heather
102, Briarthorpe 104, Ort Wells 110, Jocund
110. (Ort Weils and Jocund, Drake entry-.)
Fourth race, seven furfongs o." Withers
mile. maiden three-year-olds— Ogontz 104,
Candidate 117. Cataline 101. Out of Reach lit».
Grantsdalfl 110. Hatchet 104. Toboggan TTJ>.
Phaser 104. Lady Prudence 90. Sllverfoot 104.
Dapple Gold 101. Hortensla 90. (Phaser and
Lady Prudence, Watt entry.)
Fifth race. Withers mile, selling — Mackey
Dwyer 10C, 1/ord Advocate 1(>S. Briarthorpe
100 Stuyve 102, Stolen Moments 109. Narrtfor
Hi, Baikal 103, Hylar.d 102, Ixjcket 106, Ella
Snyder ft". Go Between S5, Lord Melbourne
100. Hoodwink 05. .
Sixth race, six furlongs of Withers mile,
handicap — Hurstbourne 133. Reliable 131.
Broomstick 119. Collector Jcssup 114, Palm
Bearer 10S. Marjoram 104, Athel 103, Girdle
100 Dlvlnatlnn 99. T-orcl of the Valley 00. Tim
I'avne 93 Fine Art 03, Jurtgo Denton 90.
Orlskany 87. (Marjoram and Fine Art, Albe
marie entry.) , .
Weather clear; track heavy.
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
Upton lias Lost Hone
LONDON. May 16. — George L. Wat
s=on declares that there is no truth In
jhe report that Sir Thomas LIpton has
commissioned him and William Fife to
design a Shamrock IV.
CHICAGO. May 16.— The following are the
worth entries for to-morrow:
First race, four furlongs, two-year-olds —
Aiiona 112. Pedesia 112. Hopeless 112. Gertie
Allen 112. Butwell 112. Lady Witt 112, Borak
112. Lou Merrell 112, Gatling Gun 112. Rather
Royal 115, Palmdale 115. White 115. VonketM
115. Sterling Price 115, Mellwood 115, Wood
lands 115.
Second race, six furlongs. Belling— Mary Mc-
Cafferty 08, Peeper 100, Acco 100 Marco 101
Karly Eve 104. Dr. Leland 105. Mayor Johnson
105, Sir Launcelot 105. Miss Manners 106, Pre
sentation 107. Censor 110. Ontonagon 112 The
l'orum 112, Never Fret 113, Typhonlc 113, Van
Ness 11C.
Third race, six furlongs— Komombo 100
Builelgh 102. Dutiful 105, Atlfeta 105 Bay
wood 105. Commodore 105, Flo Bob 105 Red
man 107, Floral Kin* 115.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards
handicap — Louisville 02. Gllfain 05 The Recent
100 Rankin J)2. Huzrah 101, Action 102 Port
Royal 107. Toscan 100. (Rankin and Huzzah,
Arthur entry.)
Fifth race— Four and a half furlongs, two
year-olds—Cleona !>5, Sea Sick 00, Michael
Byrnes 102. One Way 102. Broadway Girl 105
Clara Berry 108 Pegsy O^Neil 10S, R. I* John
son 111. Modredlaw 114.
Sixth race, one and three sixteenth miles
selling— Sarllla 0.1. Alma Girl 83. Bluemint 03*
Little Elkln 95, Northwind OS. Marcos OS. Com
pass 08, Mauser 103, Thane 103, Potheen 105
Colonel Tyler 106.
Weather cloudy: track fa»t.
ENTRIES AT WORTH.
DELMAR SELECTION'S.
First Race — Meran, Sister Lillian,
Nnbockllsh.
Second Race— Passive, Jardin de
Paris, Pique.
Third Race— Matt Wadlelgh, Cay
bon, Brick Fowler.
Fourth Race — Footlights Favorite,
Autumn Leaves, Dr. Stevens.
Fifth Race — Lasso, Gay American,
Velos.
Sixth Race — Getchel, Pathos, Po
tente.
Third race, five furlongs, three-year-old
colts and geldings, selling — Matt Wadlelgh 106,
Brick Fowler 103. Caybon 100, Ben Mac 105,
Dale 105, Yellmantown KG, Circular Joe 10.!,
E C Runt* 100, I Must 100. Harry B. Hawes
105. Patricius 103. Dick Ilipiey 100.
Fourth race, six furlongs, three-year-olds
and up. handicap— Elastic 121. Autumn Leaves
100 Orient !»9, Dr. Stephens 110, Joe Goss 98,
FootllKhts Favorite 95.
Fifth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up.
selling — Lasso 106. Frank Rice 103. Dawfon.
ion. Fatalist 107,.Velos 100, Tlckful 1/H, King's
Charm 87, Gay American SS.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards,
three-year-olds and up. selling— Pathos 105.
KlJigstcIle 99, Getchel SB, Nath Woodcock 97,
Edgardo 101. Hucena 101. Jim Winn 106, Po
ttr.te 101, Nettle Regent 104.
Raining; track muddy.
Second race, four furlongs, maiden two-year
old fillies— Jardln de Paris 10S, Pique 104,
Wakeful 10S. Fair Una 100. Zuleika d'Or 104.
A Lady Fair 103, Passive 100, Media Jane 10S.
ST. LOUIS, May 16. — Following are the en
tries'at Delmar for to-morrow:
First race, one mile and seventy yards, four
year-olds and up. selling — Klnloch Park 1(X>,
Meran 106. Sister Lillian Hb. Whltmore 101,
Trio 106. Nabockllsh 10U, Miss Eon 100, Bird
wood 106.
ENTRIES AT DELMAR.
NEW YORK. May 16. — Jack Mun
rop leaves Hot Springs to-day for San
Francisco to finish training for his
coming fight with Jeffries. Reports
* F?nt out fr>>m San Francisco would
make it appear that Munroe will be
pin training on arrival there. This
hjea is erroneous. For the last month
ilvr miner has been working at Hot
Springs and is already in superb con
* dition for the finishing touches to his
\\ ork.
* Tim McGrath is to train Munroe for
his fight and Billy Roche will be in
charge of the training camp at Shee
* han's Beach Tavern.
* Learn Hot Springs to Complete
' * * Training nt Ocean Beach for
His Battle With Jeffries.
MVXROK ALREADY IN SUPERB
CX3XDITTOX FOR CONTEST
PETALUMA. May 16. — Monday was
Stover's day at the Petaluma races.
With four entries he brought in two
winners and one to show. Hulford,
his other horse, was left at the post.
A large crowd attended the sec
ond day's meet and betting was lively.
The sunynary of the racing was as
follows:
First race, selling, flre furlongs— St. Phllllp
pina, 0 to 5 (Williams). 108. won; Ragnarolc II.
107 (Narvaez). becond; Midway, S5 (Kelly),
third. Time. 1:02.
Second race, selling, five furlongs — Abydos,
3 to 1. 03 (Crosswaite), won; Dr. Blrdsall, 102
(Sullivan), second; Sir Appleby. 107 (McCar
thy), third. Time, 1:01%.
Third race, selling, five furlongs — Benlash.
7 to 2. 00 (Dixon). won: R. Q. Smith. 108
(Hughes) second; John Boggs. 110 (Snyder).
thinl. Time. 1:01%.
Fourth race, sell inc. Golden Eagle Mills
purse, ona mile — Mllas, 8 to 5 (Kelly), won;
lllowaho (Sullivan), second; David S (Linton).
third. Time, 1:46.
Fifth race, selling, five furlongs — Our Pride.
10 to 1, 107 (Kelly), won; Huapala (Sullivan),
second; The Pride ((Linton). third. Time, 1:02.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Ocyrohe. 7 ti> 2.
105 (Fltzpatrick). won; Mtsty's Prid» (Gru
well). second; Dr. Rowell (Crosswalte), third.
Time, 1:15*;.
To-morrow George P. McNear and
Sea Air will meet for their second
try. The race is causing much interest
and betting is heavy. Sea Air's ad
mirers claiming that George P. Mc-
Near's victory on Saturday was due
to Jockey Gregory's poor riding. En
tries:
First race, five furlongs, three-year-olds »r<i
up. selling— Pachuca ICO The Lieutenant 102.
Lizzie Ward 100 Targette 10O. I^s< Baby 107.
Red Bird 1C5. Tarrigan 114 Duke of Richelieu
117. Gondolus 110. Georgia Black 103. Potsntia
117. Estraza 117.
Second ra(*e five furlongs two- year- elds.
Rolling— Lady Ninora 100. Anita Knight 105.
Hercdia 105 George E. Shaw icr>. Tar Flat
105. Mary Prpper 1W. Iron King 1CS Edith
Vice 105. Lady Blacton 10O.
Third race, six furlongs. three-year-oMi and
up selling— Sam Lazarus Esq. 111. Reolla 11
$>'_', Cnthello 111. IJght Braid 113. Emshee 114
Tom Mitchell 111, Alturas 111. Dr. Blrdsall 00.
War Times 101. Cracko ll»6. Sir Dougal 115,
Maxtress 05.
Fourth race, the Ladim' stake, for three
year-oMs $5C0 guaranteed. four furlongs —
Pearl Waters 10.".. Cloudllght 112. George P.
McNear IIS, Sea Air 112. Glid 107. Herthus 101.
Fifth rare five furlongs four- year-olds and
up selling— Geisha Girl 102. Juan Ballardo 90
Estado 107 The Stewardess Ift5. Step Around
102. J T S 101. Sol L'chtensteln 112. Hercules
107 Master 104 Montezuma 104. Adnor 107.
My Surprl«e 100".
Sixth race one mile, three-year-olds and up.
Billing— J. V- Klrby 10S. Northwest 81. Colonel
Anderson 1<« Colonel Van 103. Possart 111.
Chickadee Ml. Laocoon 86, Romaine 99, Leash
97. Heather Honey 97.
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Santa Cruz was hauled up yesterday on the
W. A. Boole & Son marine ways, where she
will have repaired the damage recently sus
tained by striking a rock.
The steamship I'matlUa surprised her own
cfllcers and everybody ashore that was In
terested In her by coming Into port before
4 o'clock yesterday morning. She made the
trip in fifty-six hours. •
N. Galll. who lives at 3 Kent place, was
In lured yesterday In the elevator at 213 Mar
ket street. An extensive scalp wound and
other hurts were attended to at the Harbor
Hospital.
Dauntless Relieves KillnuVi.
The new steamer F. A. Kllburn dropped
one of her propeller blades on the last trip
from Port Rodger and while she Is laid up
for repairs the Spreckels tug Danntless. Cap
tain Shea, will maintain the service for which
the Kilburn was built. The Dauntless left
here yesterday on her first trip as substitute.
SEATTLE, May 16.— T>rke 3 pitched
a magnificent game, holtlingr Seattle
safe all the way. He was given per
fect support in the field. San Fran
cisco hit timely, which, taken in con
nection with costly errors by Hall,
Delehanty and Wilson and Williams*
passes to first, put Seattle out of th*
running. A light rain fell through
out the game. The score:
Seattle^ — ! San Francisco —
AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P. A.
VanH cf 4 1 1 0 0 Hildbd, If 5 2 4 O O
Mohlr." 2b 4 0 0 .". 3 Wldrn. cf 2 0 0 1 i>
Dlhty, 3b 5 1 4 " 4 Meany. rf ." 1 t 2 0
Frisk If. .'» »» 1 2 0 Irwin Hb 3 3 0 "- 2
Smith, rf 4 f> 2 1 •• Riltz. 2b 3 1 1 « Z
Brshr lb 4 O 1 7 2Mas.«y. lb A O <> IS f>
Hall. 's.. 4 0 0 2 .".Miller, s. 4 O 2 1 «
Wilson. c4 0 1 6 5 I^ahy. c. 3 <* 1 > O
Wilms. p 4 0 2 3 3 Yerkes. p 4 I 0 0 2
Totals. 38 2 12 27 20 Totals. 32 8 11 27 12
RUNS ANT> HITS P.Y INNINGS.
Seattle 1 O O 0 0 O 0 1 h— 2
Base hltd 2 0 2 0 1 1 1 .1 2-IU
San Francisco... tl0I1002 2— S
Base hits 2 1 1 I 2 0 u I S-pU
SUMMARY.
Errors— Mol.ter. D*-l-h.iiity O. Hall. WiNon.
Earned runs— sVattle 1. San Franclsi-o I. Tw..
base hits^ — Delehanty. Hildebran.l. Three-has*
hit— Meany. Stolen base*— Irwin. Rritz, Mas
sey SacrlSoi hits— Waldron i2V Irv.in. Vias
*ry. tumble plays — Massey (unassisted). M«>h
ler to Hall t» Brashear. Rises on l>all!»— OfT
Williams 4. off Yerkes 2. .Hit by pitched hall —
By Williams 2. Struck out— I!y Williams ::.
Passed ball — Wilson. Left on ba.«es — Seattle 8.
San Francisco 6. Time of khipc— One hour and
fifty minutes. Umpire— Huston.
Good Work by Eastern ream*
AMERICAN LE.\ULt.
NEW YORK. May 16.— The Detroit and >»>t*
York teams play d their first game of ths
season to-day, the visitors winning. Th<» locaU
E»T» a p"ur exhibition 1p the Held. Hushes
was knocked out of the box in the fifth imiins.
Attendance. 2600. Score:
r* i" r
New York « • »
Detioit il '"
Catteries — Hughes. 'Wolfe and McGuire; Kil-
Man nnd Wood.
BOSTON*. May 16. — Oibsnn's lack of cont-ol
and poor fielding helped Cleveland to win from
Boston to-day. Cold weathW and a high wln-1
bothered th.- players. Attendance. 5S0<->. Scot*:
K. If. E.
Cleveland » >1 0
Boston * 1 ( > ¦
Batteries — Bernhardt and Bcmis; Gibson ani
Crlser.
PHILADELPHIA. May 16— Henley's wild
ness in the first two Innings resulted in four
runs for St. Loula, but in the local's half of
the second inning they scored five runs on
two bases on balls and five hits. Attendance,
3000. Score:
B. II. E.
St. Louis *
Philadelphia 5 9 :;
Batteries — Slever and Sugden; Henley and
Powers.
WASHINGTON, May 16. — Washington and
Chicago played a loose game to-day. th»
former winning. Patterson was taken out of
the box In the fourth inning and Walsh, who
relieved him. was hit safely only once there
after. Attendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 4 S» t
Chicago 3 8 5
Bat terle*— Patten and Kittredge; Patterson,
Walsh and Sullivan.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, May IH. — Cincinnati was un
abH to hit the delivery of Wiltu-lni to-ctav
and the Bostons won. The locals only secured
five scatt^rfd hits. A sensational double play
by Pelt* and Corcoran was the feature of the
game. Attendance, 2500. Score:
K. H. E.
Cincinnati "• \ 5 ""
Boston - "> '
Batteries — Hahn and Schlei; Wilhclin an'l
Needham. Umpire — Emslie.
CHICAGO, May 16. — Chicago- to-day rfefent?<i
Brooklyn In a rass<^ n>Mtn>r exhibit. Only
five hits were made off Weimar, but h<> issue-l
s^ven passes and thvn struck oot nin<* men
and batted in two runs with a clean two-base
hit. Attendance. 11C0. Score:
n. a, ¦ b.
Chicago ' J« •"*
Brooklyn *» •» *
Batteries — Weimer and O'Neil; Jones and
Bercen. Umpire — Moran.
PITTSBPRG. May IP.— The game was finely
played up to the fifth Inning, when a base- on
balls and four errfl«s netted New York flv»
runs. In the sixth Pittsburg maJe five hits,
scorirtl * run for e\ery hit anJ won the game.
Attendance; 64CO. Score:
It. H. E.
Plttsburg ? J i *
New York Hi''" ° ° l
Batteries— Leever and Pheips: Hattbeiraoa
and Warner. Umpires — Johnstone and O'lJay.
Customs Inspectors Hustle.
Seldom in the history of the port has the
customs force been confronted with a day's
¦work such as was disposed of yesterday.
There is usually plenty to do for every In
spector of every grade and when a big rush
comes occasion arises for a skillful disposition
of the little army of inspectors. The handling
of the force falls to the deputy surveyor of
the port and yesterday Chauncey M. St. John
shewed that he understood his business and
was prepared for any kind of an emergency.
The Umatilla was the first arrival and she
brought a large number of passengers, then
came the Sonoma, followed by the transport
Sherman and the liner Peru. In the midst
of all this the passengers from the Kosmos
liner Serapis were released from quarantine
and landed at Union-street wharf. With such
Judgment did Mr. St. John handle his men
tr-at. wherever a passenger landed, and about
1000 came ashore from all the vessels, there
was an inspector to examine the baggage, and
those that landed at the Mail dock at 7 o'clock
last evening were treated with the same
prompt and courteous attention as was ac
corded those who landed twelve hours earlier
In t^e day from the Umatilla.
nailrnarf Superintendents In bession.
TOPEKA, Kans.. May 16.— To-day the
division superintendents of the Santa
Fe Railway system are meeting hqre
and at La Junta to work out the new
time card. The superintendents of tha
gulf lines and the coast lines hold sep
arate meetings from those of the Santa
Fe proper. It is said that few changes
of importance are contemplated. It is
nearing the season of the year when
the California limited train is changed
from daily service to a semi-weekly
service.
Toes Crushed by a Wagon.
The toes of the right foot of George
Mertens, an employe of the Enterprise
Brewery, were crushed yesterday
afternoon. A wagon that was, being
backed through a narrow passage way
caught him in such 'a position that he
could not retreat and one of the
wheels passed over his foot. He was
removed to the Central Emergency
Hospital, . where his injuries were
treated by Dr. Stephen.
Jack Lane will act as master of cere
monies and Jim McDevitt will be of
ficial referee.
The first attraction of the evening's
programme is a little bout between
Willie Sheper of the Hayes Valley Club
and Charles Hlppley of the same insti
tution. They will fight at 120 pounds.
Harry Baker of the Bay City Club and
Harry Williams of the Hayes Valley
will furnish the second bout. Willie
Ingham of the Hayes Valley and John
Kirchen of the Lincoln Club will fight
at 140 pounds. Jim Kane and Charlie
Dunn will next try conclusions at 125
pounds, after which a special event, in
which Jack Moran of the Hayes Valley
Club and Lew Powell of the Hawthorne
Club will mix at ISO pounds. Teddy
Wolff and "Rough House" McDonald,
looked upon as California's best welter
weights, will furnish the first main
event, after which the performance will
be drawn to a close with a grand finale
in the form of a battle royal between
Joe Thomas and George Peterson.
The preliminaries, between Jim Hay
ward, the New York lightweight, and
Henry Lewis, and the one between
Frank Rafael and George Herbert,
promise to be good ones. Each bout is
slated to go ten rounds.
Morris Levy has everything in readi
ness for his little performance to-night,
and as each of the amateurs scheduled
to appear has put a good piece of for
feit money up to guarantee his good
faith there should be no disappoint
ments for the fans at the last moment.
Jim Connolley, manager for Martin
Canole, and Teddy Murphy, who looks
after the pugilistic business affairs of
Battling Nelson, met last night at
Alex Greggalns' cafe on Ellis street
and discussed the referee question for
their contest next Friday night at
Woodward's Pavilion. The men talked
the matter over for more than an hour*
but came to no conclusion as to who
would referee the bout. The names of
Phil Wand, Eddie Graney, Arthur Eck
art, Jack Welch and Billy Roach were
mentioned and it was thought one of
these men will be selected to officiate.
Canole has succeeded in reducing
himself to within one pound of the
weight limit and from now on he will
do but light work. The little vacation
he took from his training quarters the
other day shot up* his weight to 134
pounds, but he will soon get rid of
that by the drylng-up route. Canole's
manager has given it out that he will
bet $1000 on his man at even money.
Connolley lost considerable money on
Canole when the latter fought Britt
at Colma. "I will positively not give
any odds on this fight, Tor I think it is
an even money bet," remarked Con
nolley. "Canole is in great condition
and I will make this one bet of (1000,
but If I have to give odds I will stay
off."
Teddy Murphy Is JuBt as confident
that Nelson will win and he has said
he would make a good bet on Nelson,
but he is waiting to get as good as 10
to 8 for his money.
Canole never looked better and his
trainers are well pleased with his fine
condition and they say by Friday night,
when he meets Battling Nelson, he will
be fit to fight for a championship. The
Massachusetts lad has worked hard
and faithfully the last two weeks and
he is glad the training routine is near
the end. Canole has little to say re
garding his coming contest with Nel
son, but intimates that he is familiar
with the fact that the Chicago man is
a tough nut to crack, that he ex
pects a hard fight and that he is not
underrating him in the least; but that
he will be at his very best, and he also
intimated that he was full of confi
dence and expected to win the deci
sion.
Nelson is as sure of winning from
Canole as he is that he is alive, and
he is planning his future accordingly.
He says Canole's punches will not
bother him in the least, and he feels
that he is bound to catch him at some
stage of the many terrific rushes he
will uncork on the clever Canole.
OAKLAND. May 16.— "Rube" Smith
, of Denver tasted defeat at the hands of
Billy Otts In a scheduled fifteen-round
battle at the Reliance Club in this city
to-nlpht. The battle terminated in
ihe seventh period by a knockout ad
ministered by the local fighter in a
fierce and gory rally.
Up to the sixth round the contest was
*ven. Then began Smith's Waterloo.
He opened the sixth round by scoring
several lefts to Otts' head and then
etopped with his Jaw a terrific wallop
from Billy's right that caused the au
burn-haired Denverite to rock on his
pics and shake his head. Otts. scent-
Ing victory, went viciously after his
man. but Rube fought back like a tiger,
end although he went down for the
-count of eight he revived and had Otts
In a dizzy etate when the gons sounded
corners.
Otts closed with his opponent iny.
rtar.tly- on coming out for the seventh
round and beat Rube down with a
bombardment of rights and lefts to
the head. Smith took another eight
*<?£onds on the canvas and on rising
was sent to the floor for Keeps.
Smith exhibited cleverness with both
hands during the first five rounds and
was generally on the aggressive. He
landed many heavy punches that Otts
*et?slmllated without much apparent
.damage.
Jack Evans cf the Hayes Valley Club
•won a four round slugging bee with
Tommy Taylor of this city, and George
Curran made Caesar Attell feel for a
Voft place on the mat In the third
;ound of a scheduled ten-round mill.
"'TTeieree Eddie Smith announced that
he believed Attell had lain down and
declared all bets off and at the same
* time informed Attell that he would not
receive any loser's purse.
Detroit Knocks New York's
Crack Pitcher Out of Box.
Cleveland Beats Boston
Beferce Declares Bets Off
•on Slugging Bout, Saying
That Attell Laid Down
Hayes Valley Club Will Do
Its Best to Give Good
Amateur Show To-Night
Golden Eagle Mills Purse
Goes" to Milas, Who Was
Installed as the Favorite
SIXTH RACK — Seven - eighths of a mile;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 2— Oarsman, 115 (Odom)... 1 2 Vj I h
5 to 2— City Hank, 100 (Hlldebr.) 3 1 >j 2 2
7 to 2— M. DainRerfield,125(J.M.) 2 5 3n
Time, 1 :. r .5>4. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner L Kempner's ch. g. by Hastlngs-Ortegal.
Ostrich and Colonsay also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Withers mile; purse; three
year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. fi Fin.
3 to 10— Runnells, 115 (Hildebr.) 1 2 lU^l 2~
5 tol —Red Knight. 113 (Odom) 2 1 2 2 h
8 to I — Klorham Q'n,107(Redf.) 3 3 3
Time, 1:42 4-5. Start sood. Won easily.
Winner, J. A. Drake's b. h. by Charade-Zingarl
II.
FOXTRTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
The Claremont handicap; three-year-olds.
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Hurst Park, l">0 (Odm) 3 4 2 1 h
13 to S — Lux Casta. 117 (Burns) 1 ?! 1 2 6
B to 2 — Gay Boy. 126 (Lyne).. I 4 5 1 3b
Time 1:22. Start fair. Won driving. Win
der M. Corbett's ch. c. by Klngeton-Edltha.
King Pepper, Tomcod, Castalian finished as
named.
THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; selling:
three -year-olds.
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
20 to 1— Totness. 94 (Hennessy). 1 6 2 12
15 to 1— Dark Planet.113 (Lyne) 8 7 h 2 2
12 to 1— Tol San, 100 (Creamer) 5 1 1 3 h
- Time 1 :30 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner M. L. Hayman's <jh. f. by Sir Dlxon-
Marina." Glisten. The Lady Rohesla, Tom
Lawson. Turnpike. Tantalus Cup. Alack fin
ished as named.
SECOND RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
puree; two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
13 to 20— Blandy, 110 (Lyne) 3 12 12
8 to 1— Britisher. 105 (Hllbrnd) 6 4 1 2 h
10 to 1— Amber Jack. 110 (Brns) 5 5 1 3 1>4
Time, :52 1-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner, N. Bennington'a ch. c. by Hastings-
Belinda. Hot Shot, Stimulant, Bulwark. Ox
ford, Preen. Cuckoo, Lucy Young finished aa
named.
Time, 1:23 1-5. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, J A. Drake's b. c. by Rapallo- Water
Girl. Coppelia. Grazlallo, Athel, Hippocrates,
Earl of Warwick finished as named.
MORRIS PARK. May 16.— Hurst Park
won the Claremont handicap to-day
under an impost of 130 pounds, defeat-
Ing by a head Lux Casta, which,- had
she run straight after getting off last,
might have been the winner.
It was Hurst Park's third consecu
tive victory, he having previously won
the Toboggan and Crotona handicaps.
To-day's success was most meritorious
because, in addition to the weight he
carried, the horse was handicapped by
having hit himself in his preliminary,
and it was necessary to usp a simple
remedy to minimize the effect- of the
accident.
Much was expected k from Gay Boy
and Castalian, but both disappointed
their admirers. As v for Lux Casta, she
displayed her usual bad temper at the
barrier and was last away, but went
up fast from her outside position, made
a wide turn into the stretch, came down
the Incline diagonally and then swerved
badly. All this time Hurst Park was
being ridden with great patience by
George Odom, who did not make a bid
until the last furlong. He ran straight
and true and Odom was not required to
resort to the whip. A head was the
verdict in his favor. Two lengths away
was Gay Boy.
The track was "dead" and was at
least a second to the mile slower than
under normal conditions. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse; three-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Rap. Water, 115 (Hilbrand)l 2 1 11
7 to 2— Rob. Hood, 112 (Rcdtern) 2 11 2h
Even— So. Trimble. 121 (Sprllng) 6 5 2 3 2%
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— Four-year-olds and upward:
Felling; one mile and seventy yards:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
20 to 1 — Postman. 97 (John-ion).. 2 1 2V&1 3>a
7 to 2— Marlln. 97 (Ollphant).... 5 44 2h
6tol— Maxlus, 1C6 (Henry) 10 7 ij 3 h
.Time. 1:45 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, N. G. Baldwin's ch. c, 4, by Fenelon.
Elora. Barkelmore 110, Benson Caldwell 106,
Lingo 104. Chanterelle 09 Jack Doyle lOrt,
Paramount 104. Give All 109, Allie Vlrgie 104.
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile and twenty yards;
puree; three-year-olds and upward.
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — English Lad, 100 OTicol). 3 2 h 1 Vi
7 to 2— Byways. 98 fWil3on>. ... 2 12 2 10
2 to 1— Big Ben, 105 (Larsen).. 13 6 3 3
Time, 1:41. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Fred Cook's ch. c, 3, by Requital-English
Lady. Little Boy 100 also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Three-year-olds and up:
handicap; six furlongs: i
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 2— Toscan, 113 (Larsen) 2 3 h 1 81}
50 to 1— Bondage, 99 (Melntyre). 5 6 2 2 3
3 to 1— Don Domo, 95 (Sherw'd) 4 12 3 3
Time, 1:13 2.5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. James Blutes" ch. c. 4. by Hastlngs-
Toscana. Hchwalbe 102 Frontenac 110, Mo
nastic II 100, finished as' named.
Time, 1:42 1-5. Start- gocd. Won easily.
"Winner. E. A. Chlnn &. Co.'s ch. jr. by Georga
Kessler-Verlly. Nannan 9S. Docile 100. Louis
Kraft 107. Schoolmate 97, Lady of Melbourne
93. Creole Jim 109. Baby Marie 96, Fair Order
9S, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One mile; three-year-olds;
selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
40 to 1— Just So. 99 (Harris) 11 13 12(4
Even— Falkland. 102 (Fischer). « 6 2 2 V,
8 to 1— S. of Fortune,102 (Olpnt) 3 4^31^
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; puire.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1* to ft — Foresight.105 (Ollphant) ft 4 1 1 %
12 to 1— Vestry, 110 (Henry) 8 3h 21
7 to 1— Jerry Lynch, 05 (Nlcol). 2 6 % 8 1
Time, 1:27. Start fair. Won handily. Winner,
G. W. Poole's ch. c, 3. by The Commoner-
Provident. Forehand 95, The Conqueror II
107. EmDeror of India 92. Telephone 105,
Ahola 100. Wenrick 104, Waterspout 97. fin
ished as named.
Time, :55 1-6. Start good! Won driving.
Winner, M. D. Miller's ch. f. by Handsome-Sln
cerlty. Al Casey 98. Raymond K 103J Picture
Hat 102, Ravlana 103, Arthur Stlllwell 106,
Mildred B 102. Kid Weller 101. finished as
named.
CHICAGO, May 16.— The Worth track
was fast, the weather cloudy and cold
and a good Monday crowd was drawn
out by a promise of the appearance of
English Lad, the Derby favorite, which
won the fifth race and was a heavily
backed favorite.
Toscan at 11 to 2, backed from 6 to 1,
won the feature event of the card, a
six-furlong handicap, easily from the
extreme outsider Bondage, which was
backed from 75 to 50 to 1. Don JDomo
led after the first half-mile, closely at
tended by Toscan and Schwalbe. Tos
can passed his field easily when called
upon and won as he pleased. Bondage
closed with' a wild rush and beat Don
Domo three lengths ¦ for the place.
Three favorites won. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Two-year-olds; four and a
half lurlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Sin. Belle, 102 (Fischer) 4 1 V4 1 n
It. to 5— Azellna, 105 (Booker)... 7 4h 2 2>4
0 to 1 — Fallona, loft (Larsen)... 6 3h 3h
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 2— Nevcrsuch. 102 (Cocolo) 5 2 8 12
3 to 1— John Doyle, S3 (Plnkett) 6 1 2 2 S
6 to 1— Lynch 106 (Perkins). .. 4 4 3 4 3
Time 1:53. Start poor. Won handily. Win
ner J.' K Hughes' ch. b., 4. by Mirthful -
Oymena. Daisy Hawthorne 95. Alflo 100. Bar
ca 10f>. Doeskin 104. Uranium 104 finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two- year- olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10— Dameron. 110 (Austn) 3 4 8 1 h
4 to 1— Renaissance. 105 (Cocl) 4 1 %2S
20 to 1 — A Lady. 105 (Abch«r) 2 3 ifc 3 IS
Time 1:03. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner T P. Hayes' ch. g., 2. by Donald A-
Doolittie. Arlena 105. Angeleta 105, Miss Pow
ell 110 finished as named.
Time, 2:00 Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. G. C. Baker's br. h.. 4, by Lampllghter-
Johnetta. Etrader 103 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One mil* and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and up.
Bettlngr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— J. Young. 103 (Wllace) 3 2 6 13
13 to 5— C Thmpsn.lll (Trxlr) 1 12 2 7
7 to 10— Jordan. Ill (D.Austin) 2 3 15 3 30
THIRD RACE — Five and a lfalf furlongs;
three-year-old fillies:
Bettlnr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Pilgrim Glrl.l04(Stovall) 4 1 3 1 8
7 to 2— Sadie Burch,lC9(McMul.) 3 3 3 2 1
5 to 1— Aggie I*?wis,109(TToxler) 1 5 2 3 >,4
Time. 1:16. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner, Watklns & Co.'s b. f.. 3, by Silver Fox-
Scarlet Letter. Myrtle White 9B, Lena Weldon
$>5. Chrtstelle 95, Walterln 101, Bird Pond 05.
Oraa 100. Mordella 95 and Debbie Mi.y 106
finished aa named.
SECOND RACE — 81x furlongs: four-jrear
oldn and up: •
Bettlngr. Horse, Weight, Jockey. 6t. % Fin.
4 to 1— Valasquez. 109 (Troxler). 8 2 8 1 n
6 to 1— Sid Silver, 107 (Howell). 2 13 2 18
7 to 1— Blue Blaze,112(Barrlng'r) 1 4 6 3 nk
Time. 1:21 »*. Start good. Winner, W. H.
Billings' b. g., 6. by Ben Strome-Eulalle.
Clifton Boy 104, Dr. Burns 109, Lord Cresslng
ton 103 and Sceptre 107 finished as named.
ST. LOUIS. May 16.— In a continuous
downpour of rain and over a track slop
py with water Jordan, an odds-on fa
vorite In the feature race to-day, was
beaten off in hie own golngr, the winner
turning up in Jack Young, who beat
Charlie Thompson a head. The favor
ites had a bad day of it owing to the
track conditions. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Two-year-old maiden*; four
furlong*:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Phil King, 100 (Troxler) .2 14 17
C to 1 — Braden, 108 (D.Austin).. S 4 1 2 2%
8 to 1— Laurel L,. 112 (Wallace). 9 <J 3 3 12
Time. :64. Start poor. Won easily. Winner,
Phil King's br. c, 2, by Gallantry-Lemonade.
Llddon 112, Little Pearls of Gallantry 103. Joe
Graham 100, Varietes 109. Franco 106, Oraa- J
lOfl. Trourere 100 and Wlllorvdene 1O» finished
as named. Trourero left at post.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLAY OF EASTERN TEAM^
EVEN HONORS FOR TDIE
HULFORD LEFT AT POST
NELSON IS CONFIDENT
Denver Fighter Shows Much
Pluck, but Fails to Come
•Up in the Seventh Round
Is Within One Pound of Be
quired Weight and Will
Spend His Time Leisurely
Magnificent Pitching and
Timely Hitting Get Game
for San Francisco Nine
Scores With Two First
Horses and One Which
Comes Inside the Money
English Lad Wins
in the Racing
at Worth.
Hurst Park Takes
the Claremont
Handicap.
Jordan Loses the
Feature Event at
St. Louis.
YERKES HOLDS
SEATTLE DOWN
SMITH FLOORED
BY BILLY OTTS
STOVER WINS
AT PETALUMA
CANOLE EASES
UP HARD WORK
FAVORITES HAVE A DISASTROUS DAY
ON A RAIN-BEATEN TRACK AT DELMAR
BILLY OTTS BEATS RUBE SMITH IN SEVEN VICIOUSLY FOUGHT ROUNDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904.
No, Maude, dear, we have never
heard that a yardstick gets cold feet.
Bjornstjerne Bjornson has chosen his
recent novel, "Thomas Rendolen," as
the medium for discussing his Ideas
on education reform, especially in girls'
schools. . . ..,'...
Soldier Drowned nt Honolulu.
HONOLULU, May 10.— Henry Voclk
er, a member of the army hospital
corps, who arrived on the transport
Thomas, was drowned here on May 8,
the day of his arrival. In company with
two other soldiers Voelker went bath-
Ing and got beyond his depth.
Half the soldiers of the Czar arc
illiterate.
13
Be Wise fff
M/M/rAr/otf
/fA5£V£/T--^ ,
IE POYumt 7H^ fottCTSOFTEN
CIGARiglifc^l URGE SIZE
iljjf .^y rMED P05TWU2
y^^^V. Miller & Sons
l53CR05BrST>N.Y.
A Vile Disease C^x
Contagious Blood Poison has wrecked more lives and \X /§gLL
caused more misery and suffering than all other diseases «^SwB**
combined. Some arc inclined to treat it lightly, but these f£$1§3&{
soon learn that they have to deal with a powerful poison y^| L
that is slowly but surely breaking down the constitution. gffiii^2 /JE^jW
Contagious Blood Poison not only metes out punishment t^g^^^^^j
to the one who contracts it, but others may become inno-
cent victims of this vile dis- y9M z wm wJth mott m
ease through inheritance It na nt type of chronic blood trouble. After trying
vnnr hlood is tainted vou may various other remedies without srsttinsr my ben-
your Diooa is lamueu you iu*y 1 wm induced by a f rien d who was cured ot a
live to see your children bat- constitutional blood trouble, to take 8. s. S. A
tlin"- with the Same disease — *ow bottles cured me permanently. I also con-
11 ° , .,, t^j.^:.,. Bider S. S. S. tho best tonic ever m»de. While
puny and Sickly, made miser- taking it xny weight increased and my health
able bv disgusting sores and improved in ©very way. S. £; 1 J*2J£5E» v .
skin eruptions. 5 Undef the 2&03 Perrysville Ave. Allegheny City, Pa.
mercury and potash treatment all signs of infection may disappear, but leave
off these minerals and you soon find out the poison is still alive and you are
just as bad off as ever. S. S. S. is the only antidote for Contagious Blood
-Iru-f ' '.It-ui ,-, Poison. It destroys the virus completely without
/Si />-O /?^ injuring the system. It is a vegetable remedy, and
\^v V^v V^V we offer $1,000 for proof that it contains a single
I^S 1 K)J KJ) mineral ingredient. S. S. S. not only works the poison
V»-X V*— y ***-* out of the blood thoroughly, but restores vigor and
strength to all parts of the system. • .
Write for our special book on Contagions Blood Poison, describing the
different stages and symptoms and containing much other interesting infor-
mation about this most despicable of all diseases.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS*Want Equal Suffrage.
The California Equal Suffrage Asso
ciation was incorporated yesterday by
a number of women. They are Mary
S. Sperry, Gall Laughlln, Minerva E.
Klbbe, • Carfie A. Whelan, Clara M.
Schlingheyde, Ellen C. Sargent, Alice
L. Park, Theresa S. Speddy, Annie R.
Wood, Hat tie J. D. Chapman and An
nie L. Corbett. S&SSlf
First race, four and a half furlonsrs. selling —
Platoon won, Oceaner second, Hersaln. third.
Time, : 5S U.
Second race, one and an eighth miles, selling
— Charles D won Foncasta second, Henry of
Franstamar third. Time. 2:(KJV4.
Thinl race. "Is furlongs*, selling — Glorlosa
won, Zella Knight secMid. Rush Reuben third.
Time. 1:18 Vj. f
Fourth race, seven and a half furlongs, purse
— Fossil won, Lurallghter second, St. Tam
many third. Tim*, 1:38%.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, hurdles,
rurse — John E. Owens won, Imperious second,
Beana third. Time. 2:HC.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Banquero
won Elfin King second, Irish Jewel third.
Time. 1:1814.
KANSAS CITY. May 16.— Elm Ridge sum
mary :
Kansas City Racing Results.
A new time schedule for its train
and ferry system will go into effect on
the North Shore rond to-day. Instead
of one through train to Cazadero, as
heretofore, there will be two here
after, the first, leaving at 7:45 o'clock
in the morning and the other at 3:15
in the afternoon. The schedule also
provides for extra trains to Point
Reyes on Sunday at 9:15 a. m. and an-_
other at 7:15 p. m., and an extra train'
to the same point on all days except
Saturdays and Sundays at 5:15 p. m.
Six more trains are placed on the runs
to San Rafael. Mill Valley and inter
mediate points. In fact the new
schedule increases the total number of
trains on the entire line to 124 a day
except Sunday and twenty-four boats
each way on week days and twenty on
Sundays. The changes have been
made to meet the requirements" of the
traveling public during the summer
season.
More Trains on North Shore.
The people of the United States eat
J150.000.000 worth of candy In a year,
and there are nearly five thousand fac
tories making it, with a capital of $38,
000.000.
Albert M. Hauser, the dishonest
Mint employe, who confessed that he
stole gold from the Mint, was held for
trial by United States Commissioner
Heacock yesterday. His bail was fixed
at $1000. The credit of his detection
is due to United States Secret Service
Agents George W. Hazen and Thomas
B. Foster, who discovered last Jan
uary that fine gold, containing an al
loy of coin silver, was being sold In
this city. They watched the "fence"
for several weeks and their vigilance
was rewarded by seeing a womanen
ter the place and sell to the proprietor
an Ingot valued at 5200. They fol
lowed her to 1279 Union street and
discovered that she was Hauser's wife
and that Hauser was In the melting
department of the Mint. Secret Ser
vice Agent Burns joined in the inves
tigation and arrested Hauser. Tn*e
prisoner made a full confession and
asked that his wife should not be
prosecuted.
Hauser worked in Shreve's for four
teen years.
In Order to Save His Wife From
Prosecution He Makes Full Con
fession of Crime.
MINT THIEF HAUSER
IS HELD FOR TRIAL
One of the articles of agreement
provides that neither of the principals
shall engage in a fistic encounter with
any one before the date of the ar
ranged fight.
The match was arranged by Willie
Britt, brother and manager of the
champion featherweight of yie world,
and Harry Pollok, who tends to the
financial arrangements In- "Young Cor
bett's" , fighting career. The match
was made after many stormy inter
views, during one of which Corbett
claimed he had been robbed by the
decision of Referee Eddie Graney at
the last£flght in San Francisco. The
conversation occurred in a well known
saloon and Britt spilt out a handful of
gold and greenbacks from his pocket
and said to Corbett:
"I can lick you in an ash barrel,
and if I can't all this money is yours."
Manager Willie Britt interfered and
hostilities were avoided. Both Cor
bett and Pollok are pleased over the
agreement made for the forthcoming
fight and believe that Britt will go
down to 1 defeat. On the other hand,
the champion says that he can "make
a monkey" out of the Denver boy at
their next meeting, and his brother Js
equally positive of the result.
NEW YORK, May 16. — An agree
ment was entered into here to-day be
tween James Britt and "Young Cor
bett" for a twenty-round battle in San
Francisco at some date before Decem
ber 31 of this year, the date to be set
by mutual agreement of the fighters.
The fight is to take place under the
auspices of the athletic club offering
the best inducements.
Signs Articles to Meet
"Young" Corbett in This
City Before End of Year
BRITT AGREES
TO FIGHT AGAIN
Mfth race, seven furlongs, selling— Rachel
"Ward won Amorous second, Miriam W third.
Tlm<\ 1:30.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty >ard« — The
Guardsman won. TCosemond second. Mandamus
third. Time. 1 :46«£.
Fourth race, -the Juvenile Stakes, five fur
loiiKE — The Pet won. Magic second. Doubt
third. Time. 1:0314.
Third race, handicap, one mile — Autollght
rrcn, Merry Pioneer second. Coruscate third.
Time. 1:42
Second race, six furlongs— Talpa won, Miss
Crawford second. Nannie Hodges third." Time
1:15;
First race, selling, four and a half furlongs —
Tta&ka won. Rosessa second, W'oodclalm third
Time. :56U-
Speedy Filly Captures the Rich Stake
.'- : X at Louisville. c*.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. May 16. — Churchill
Downs surnmary:
First race — Lou Merrell, Wood
lands, Anona.
Second race — Van Xess, Typhonic,
Never Fret.
Third race — Flo Bob, Floral Kin^,
Commodore.
Fourth race — Toscan, Huzzah, Gil
fa In.
Fllfh race — R. L. Johnson. Modred
law. Clara Bcrrr.
i Sixth race — Little Elkin, Potheen,
Thane.
•
THE PET WINS JUVENILE.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
As train Xo. 27. bound from Pa
cific Grove to San Francisco, was pass
ing: Bernal station at 11:55 a. m. yes
terday Engineer James Stuart saw a
shabbily dressed man throw himself
in front of the locomotive. , Stuart at
once applied the air brakes and stop
ped the train In the shortest possible
time, but the man had already been
crushed to death under tha wheels.
The mangled remains were taken to
the depot at Third and Townsend
streets, where they were delivered to
the Coroner's deputies. Nothing: was
found in the rockets of the dead man
by which his Identity could be ascer
tained. He appeared to be about 40
years of age end looked like a tramp
or a laborer In very Indigent circum
etances.
ghabblly Dressed Stranger, Whose
Identity Is Not Known. Commits
Suicide at Bcrnal Station.
DESPERATE MAN THROWS
HIMSELF UNDER ENGINE
Vanderbilt's Yacht Is Third.
PARIS. May 16. — W. K. Vander
•bHt's Calico came in third to-day in
the race for the Prix Clochettes at the
Ft. Cloud meeting.
First race — Monadnock, Sehoharic,
Gay Lothario.
* Second rnce — Austin Allen, 'Augur,
Blue Coat.
Third race — Drake entry, Long
Spur. Thistle Heather.
Fourth race — Toboggan, Out of
Reach, Candidate.
Fifth race — Go Between, Ella Sny
der, Stuyve.
Sixth race— Palm Rearer, Hurst
bourne, BroomsticU.
By the Morning .Telegraph
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK. May 16.— Thn following are
the entries tor the races at Morris Park to
morrow :
First race, six and a half furlongs of With
ers mile— Burninr Glass 114. Harry Patten
114. Schoharle IIS*. Queen Elizabeth 112. Orloff
114. W. B. Fasig 102. Gay Lothario 112.
Neither One 11.1, Billy Roche 0'J, Gold Domn
10$, Monadnock 106.
Second race, four and a half furlongs.
Eclipse course, two-year-olds — Invader 113,
Pasadena 113. Austin Allen 113, Mon Amour
110 Augur 110, Veto 105. Councilman lt)S.
Wild IrlRhman 113, Belligerent lf>8. By Play
108, Blue Coat 10S, Otsego 108, Gamaria 1C8.
Nevada 105. Wayward Lass 105, Rose of
Dawn 105.
Third race. Withers mile, th«» Baychestei- —
Tomcod 107, Longspur 103. Thistle Heather
102, Briarthorpe 104, Ort Wells 110, Jocund
110. (Ort Weils and Jocund, Drake entry-.)
Fourth race, seven furfongs o." Withers
mile. maiden three-year-olds— Ogontz 104,
Candidate 117. Cataline 101. Out of Reach lit».
Grantsdalfl 110. Hatchet 104. Toboggan TTJ>.
Phaser 104. Lady Prudence 90. Sllverfoot 104.
Dapple Gold 101. Hortensla 90. (Phaser and
Lady Prudence, Watt entry.)
Fifth race. Withers mile, selling — Mackey
Dwyer 10C, 1/ord Advocate 1(>S. Briarthorpe
100 Stuyve 102, Stolen Moments 109. Narrtfor
Hi, Baikal 103, Hylar.d 102, Ixjcket 106, Ella
Snyder ft". Go Between S5, Lord Melbourne
100. Hoodwink 05. .
Sixth race, six furlongs of Withers mile,
handicap — Hurstbourne 133. Reliable 131.
Broomstick 119. Collector Jcssup 114, Palm
Bearer 10S. Marjoram 104, Athel 103, Girdle
100 Dlvlnatlnn 99. T-orcl of the Valley 00. Tim
I'avne 93 Fine Art 03, Jurtgo Denton 90.
Orlskany 87. (Marjoram and Fine Art, Albe
marie entry.) , .
Weather clear; track heavy.
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
Upton lias Lost Hone
LONDON. May 16. — George L. Wat
s=on declares that there is no truth In
jhe report that Sir Thomas LIpton has
commissioned him and William Fife to
design a Shamrock IV.
CHICAGO. May 16.— The following are the
worth entries for to-morrow:
First race, four furlongs, two-year-olds —
Aiiona 112. Pedesia 112. Hopeless 112. Gertie
Allen 112. Butwell 112. Lady Witt 112, Borak
112. Lou Merrell 112, Gatling Gun 112. Rather
Royal 115, Palmdale 115. White 115. VonketM
115. Sterling Price 115, Mellwood 115, Wood
lands 115.
Second race, six furlongs. Belling— Mary Mc-
Cafferty 08, Peeper 100, Acco 100 Marco 101
Karly Eve 104. Dr. Leland 105. Mayor Johnson
105, Sir Launcelot 105. Miss Manners 106, Pre
sentation 107. Censor 110. Ontonagon 112 The
l'orum 112, Never Fret 113, Typhonlc 113, Van
Ness 11C.
Third race, six furlongs— Komombo 100
Builelgh 102. Dutiful 105, Atlfeta 105 Bay
wood 105. Commodore 105, Flo Bob 105 Red
man 107, Floral Kin* 115.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards
handicap — Louisville 02. Gllfain 05 The Recent
100 Rankin J)2. Huzrah 101, Action 102 Port
Royal 107. Toscan 100. (Rankin and Huzzah,
Arthur entry.)
Fifth race— Four and a half furlongs, two
year-olds—Cleona !>5, Sea Sick 00, Michael
Byrnes 102. One Way 102. Broadway Girl 105
Clara Berry 108 Pegsy O^Neil 10S, R. I* John
son 111. Modredlaw 114.
Sixth race, one and three sixteenth miles
selling— Sarllla 0.1. Alma Girl 83. Bluemint 03*
Little Elkln 95, Northwind OS. Marcos OS. Com
pass 08, Mauser 103, Thane 103, Potheen 105
Colonel Tyler 106.
Weather cloudy: track fa»t.
ENTRIES AT WORTH.
DELMAR SELECTION'S.
First Race — Meran, Sister Lillian,
Nnbockllsh.
Second Race— Passive, Jardin de
Paris, Pique.
Third Race— Matt Wadlelgh, Cay
bon, Brick Fowler.
Fourth Race — Footlights Favorite,
Autumn Leaves, Dr. Stevens.
Fifth Race — Lasso, Gay American,
Velos.
Sixth Race — Getchel, Pathos, Po
tente.
Third race, five furlongs, three-year-old
colts and geldings, selling — Matt Wadlelgh 106,
Brick Fowler 103. Caybon 100, Ben Mac 105,
Dale 105, Yellmantown KG, Circular Joe 10.!,
E C Runt* 100, I Must 100. Harry B. Hawes
105. Patricius 103. Dick Ilipiey 100.
Fourth race, six furlongs, three-year-olds
and up. handicap— Elastic 121. Autumn Leaves
100 Orient !»9, Dr. Stephens 110, Joe Goss 98,
FootllKhts Favorite 95.
Fifth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up.
selling — Lasso 106. Frank Rice 103. Dawfon.
ion. Fatalist 107,.Velos 100, Tlckful 1/H, King's
Charm 87, Gay American SS.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards,
three-year-olds and up. selling— Pathos 105.
KlJigstcIle 99, Getchel SB, Nath Woodcock 97,
Edgardo 101. Hucena 101. Jim Winn 106, Po
ttr.te 101, Nettle Regent 104.
Raining; track muddy.
Second race, four furlongs, maiden two-year
old fillies— Jardln de Paris 10S, Pique 104,
Wakeful 10S. Fair Una 100. Zuleika d'Or 104.
A Lady Fair 103, Passive 100, Media Jane 10S.
ST. LOUIS, May 16. — Following are the en
tries'at Delmar for to-morrow:
First race, one mile and seventy yards, four
year-olds and up. selling — Klnloch Park 1(X>,
Meran 106. Sister Lillian Hb. Whltmore 101,
Trio 106. Nabockllsh 10U, Miss Eon 100, Bird
wood 106.
ENTRIES AT DELMAR.
NEW YORK. May 16. — Jack Mun
rop leaves Hot Springs to-day for San
Francisco to finish training for his
coming fight with Jeffries. Reports
* F?nt out fr>>m San Francisco would
make it appear that Munroe will be
pin training on arrival there. This
hjea is erroneous. For the last month
ilvr miner has been working at Hot
Springs and is already in superb con
* dition for the finishing touches to his
\\ ork.
* Tim McGrath is to train Munroe for
his fight and Billy Roche will be in
charge of the training camp at Shee
* han's Beach Tavern.
* Learn Hot Springs to Complete
' * * Training nt Ocean Beach for
His Battle With Jeffries.
MVXROK ALREADY IN SUPERB
CX3XDITTOX FOR CONTEST
PETALUMA. May 16. — Monday was
Stover's day at the Petaluma races.
With four entries he brought in two
winners and one to show. Hulford,
his other horse, was left at the post.
A large crowd attended the sec
ond day's meet and betting was lively.
The sunynary of the racing was as
follows:
First race, selling, flre furlongs— St. Phllllp
pina, 0 to 5 (Williams). 108. won; Ragnarolc II.
107 (Narvaez). becond; Midway, S5 (Kelly),
third. Time. 1:02.
Second race, selling, five furlongs — Abydos,
3 to 1. 03 (Crosswaite), won; Dr. Blrdsall, 102
(Sullivan), second; Sir Appleby. 107 (McCar
thy), third. Time, 1:01%.
Third race, selling, five furlongs — Benlash.
7 to 2. 00 (Dixon). won: R. Q. Smith. 108
(Hughes) second; John Boggs. 110 (Snyder).
thinl. Time. 1:01%.
Fourth race, sell inc. Golden Eagle Mills
purse, ona mile — Mllas, 8 to 5 (Kelly), won;
lllowaho (Sullivan), second; David S (Linton).
third. Time, 1:46.
Fifth race, selling, five furlongs — Our Pride.
10 to 1, 107 (Kelly), won; Huapala (Sullivan),
second; The Pride ((Linton). third. Time, 1:02.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Ocyrohe. 7 ti> 2.
105 (Fltzpatrick). won; Mtsty's Prid» (Gru
well). second; Dr. Rowell (Crosswalte), third.
Time, 1:15*;.
To-morrow George P. McNear and
Sea Air will meet for their second
try. The race is causing much interest
and betting is heavy. Sea Air's ad
mirers claiming that George P. Mc-
Near's victory on Saturday was due
to Jockey Gregory's poor riding. En
tries:
First race, five furlongs, three-year-olds »r<i
up. selling— Pachuca ICO The Lieutenant 102.
Lizzie Ward 100 Targette 10O. I^s< Baby 107.
Red Bird 1C5. Tarrigan 114 Duke of Richelieu
117. Gondolus 110. Georgia Black 103. Potsntia
117. Estraza 117.
Second ra(*e five furlongs two- year- elds.
Rolling— Lady Ninora 100. Anita Knight 105.
Hercdia 105 George E. Shaw icr>. Tar Flat
105. Mary Prpper 1W. Iron King 1CS Edith
Vice 105. Lady Blacton 10O.
Third race, six furlongs. three-year-oMi and
up selling— Sam Lazarus Esq. 111. Reolla 11
$>'_', Cnthello 111. IJght Braid 113. Emshee 114
Tom Mitchell 111, Alturas 111. Dr. Blrdsall 00.
War Times 101. Cracko ll»6. Sir Dougal 115,
Maxtress 05.
Fourth race, the Ladim' stake, for three
year-oMs $5C0 guaranteed. four furlongs —
Pearl Waters 10.".. Cloudllght 112. George P.
McNear IIS, Sea Air 112. Glid 107. Herthus 101.
Fifth rare five furlongs four- year-olds and
up selling— Geisha Girl 102. Juan Ballardo 90
Estado 107 The Stewardess Ift5. Step Around
102. J T S 101. Sol L'chtensteln 112. Hercules
107 Master 104 Montezuma 104. Adnor 107.
My Surprl«e 100".
Sixth race one mile, three-year-olds and up.
Billing— J. V- Klrby 10S. Northwest 81. Colonel
Anderson 1<« Colonel Van 103. Possart 111.
Chickadee Ml. Laocoon 86, Romaine 99, Leash
97. Heather Honey 97.
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Santa Cruz was hauled up yesterday on the
W. A. Boole & Son marine ways, where she
will have repaired the damage recently sus
tained by striking a rock.
The steamship I'matlUa surprised her own
cfllcers and everybody ashore that was In
terested In her by coming Into port before
4 o'clock yesterday morning. She made the
trip in fifty-six hours. •
N. Galll. who lives at 3 Kent place, was
In lured yesterday In the elevator at 213 Mar
ket street. An extensive scalp wound and
other hurts were attended to at the Harbor
Hospital.
Dauntless Relieves KillnuVi.
The new steamer F. A. Kllburn dropped
one of her propeller blades on the last trip
from Port Rodger and while she Is laid up
for repairs the Spreckels tug Danntless. Cap
tain Shea, will maintain the service for which
the Kilburn was built. The Dauntless left
here yesterday on her first trip as substitute.
SEATTLE, May 16.— T>rke 3 pitched
a magnificent game, holtlingr Seattle
safe all the way. He was given per
fect support in the field. San Fran
cisco hit timely, which, taken in con
nection with costly errors by Hall,
Delehanty and Wilson and Williams*
passes to first, put Seattle out of th*
running. A light rain fell through
out the game. The score:
Seattle^ — ! San Francisco —
AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P. A.
VanH cf 4 1 1 0 0 Hildbd, If 5 2 4 O O
Mohlr." 2b 4 0 0 .". 3 Wldrn. cf 2 0 0 1 i>
Dlhty, 3b 5 1 4 " 4 Meany. rf ." 1 t 2 0
Frisk If. .'» »» 1 2 0 Irwin Hb 3 3 0 "- 2
Smith, rf 4 f> 2 1 •• Riltz. 2b 3 1 1 « Z
Brshr lb 4 O 1 7 2Mas.«y. lb A O <> IS f>
Hall. 's.. 4 0 0 2 .".Miller, s. 4 O 2 1 «
Wilson. c4 0 1 6 5 I^ahy. c. 3 <* 1 > O
Wilms. p 4 0 2 3 3 Yerkes. p 4 I 0 0 2
Totals. 38 2 12 27 20 Totals. 32 8 11 27 12
RUNS ANT> HITS P.Y INNINGS.
Seattle 1 O O 0 0 O 0 1 h— 2
Base hltd 2 0 2 0 1 1 1 .1 2-IU
San Francisco... tl0I1002 2— S
Base hits 2 1 1 I 2 0 u I S-pU
SUMMARY.
Errors— Mol.ter. D*-l-h.iiity O. Hall. WiNon.
Earned runs— sVattle 1. San Franclsi-o I. Tw..
base hits^ — Delehanty. Hildebran.l. Three-has*
hit— Meany. Stolen base*— Irwin. Rritz, Mas
sey SacrlSoi hits— Waldron i2V Irv.in. Vias
*ry. tumble plays — Massey (unassisted). M«>h
ler to Hall t» Brashear. Rises on l>all!»— OfT
Williams 4. off Yerkes 2. .Hit by pitched hall —
By Williams 2. Struck out— I!y Williams ::.
Passed ball — Wilson. Left on ba.«es — Seattle 8.
San Francisco 6. Time of khipc— One hour and
fifty minutes. Umpire— Huston.
Good Work by Eastern ream*
AMERICAN LE.\ULt.
NEW YORK. May 16.— The Detroit and >»>t*
York teams play d their first game of ths
season to-day, the visitors winning. Th<» locaU
E»T» a p"ur exhibition 1p the Held. Hushes
was knocked out of the box in the fifth imiins.
Attendance. 2600. Score:
r* i" r
New York « • »
Detioit il '"
Catteries — Hughes. 'Wolfe and McGuire; Kil-
Man nnd Wood.
BOSTON*. May 16. — Oibsnn's lack of cont-ol
and poor fielding helped Cleveland to win from
Boston to-day. Cold weathW and a high wln-1
bothered th.- players. Attendance. 5S0<->. Scot*:
K. If. E.
Cleveland » >1 0
Boston * 1 ( > ¦
Batteries — Bernhardt and Bcmis; Gibson ani
Crlser.
PHILADELPHIA. May 16— Henley's wild
ness in the first two Innings resulted in four
runs for St. Loula, but in the local's half of
the second inning they scored five runs on
two bases on balls and five hits. Attendance,
3000. Score:
B. II. E.
St. Louis *
Philadelphia 5 9 :;
Batteries — Slever and Sugden; Henley and
Powers.
WASHINGTON, May 16. — Washington and
Chicago played a loose game to-day. th»
former winning. Patterson was taken out of
the box In the fourth inning and Walsh, who
relieved him. was hit safely only once there
after. Attendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 4 S» t
Chicago 3 8 5
Bat terle*— Patten and Kittredge; Patterson,
Walsh and Sullivan.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, May IH. — Cincinnati was un
abH to hit the delivery of Wiltu-lni to-ctav
and the Bostons won. The locals only secured
five scatt^rfd hits. A sensational double play
by Pelt* and Corcoran was the feature of the
game. Attendance, 2500. Score:
K. H. E.
Cincinnati "• \ 5 ""
Boston - "> '
Batteries — Hahn and Schlei; Wilhclin an'l
Needham. Umpire — Emslie.
CHICAGO, May 16. — Chicago- to-day rfefent?<i
Brooklyn In a rass<^ n>Mtn>r exhibit. Only
five hits were made off Weimar, but h<> issue-l
s^ven passes and thvn struck oot nin<* men
and batted in two runs with a clean two-base
hit. Attendance. 11C0. Score:
n. a, ¦ b.
Chicago ' J« •"*
Brooklyn *» •» *
Batteries — Weimer and O'Neil; Jones and
Bercen. Umpire — Moran.
PITTSBPRG. May IP.— The game was finely
played up to the fifth Inning, when a base- on
balls and four errfl«s netted New York flv»
runs. In the sixth Pittsburg maJe five hits,
scorirtl * run for e\ery hit anJ won the game.
Attendance; 64CO. Score:
It. H. E.
Plttsburg ? J i *
New York Hi''" ° ° l
Batteries— Leever and Pheips: Hattbeiraoa
and Warner. Umpires — Johnstone and O'lJay.
Customs Inspectors Hustle.
Seldom in the history of the port has the
customs force been confronted with a day's
¦work such as was disposed of yesterday.
There is usually plenty to do for every In
spector of every grade and when a big rush
comes occasion arises for a skillful disposition
of the little army of inspectors. The handling
of the force falls to the deputy surveyor of
the port and yesterday Chauncey M. St. John
shewed that he understood his business and
was prepared for any kind of an emergency.
The Umatilla was the first arrival and she
brought a large number of passengers, then
came the Sonoma, followed by the transport
Sherman and the liner Peru. In the midst
of all this the passengers from the Kosmos
liner Serapis were released from quarantine
and landed at Union-street wharf. With such
Judgment did Mr. St. John handle his men
tr-at. wherever a passenger landed, and about
1000 came ashore from all the vessels, there
was an inspector to examine the baggage, and
those that landed at the Mail dock at 7 o'clock
last evening were treated with the same
prompt and courteous attention as was ac
corded those who landed twelve hours earlier
In t^e day from the Umatilla.
nailrnarf Superintendents In bession.
TOPEKA, Kans.. May 16.— To-day the
division superintendents of the Santa
Fe Railway system are meeting hqre
and at La Junta to work out the new
time card. The superintendents of tha
gulf lines and the coast lines hold sep
arate meetings from those of the Santa
Fe proper. It is said that few changes
of importance are contemplated. It is
nearing the season of the year when
the California limited train is changed
from daily service to a semi-weekly
service.
Toes Crushed by a Wagon.
The toes of the right foot of George
Mertens, an employe of the Enterprise
Brewery, were crushed yesterday
afternoon. A wagon that was, being
backed through a narrow passage way
caught him in such 'a position that he
could not retreat and one of the
wheels passed over his foot. He was
removed to the Central Emergency
Hospital, . where his injuries were
treated by Dr. Stephen.
Jack Lane will act as master of cere
monies and Jim McDevitt will be of
ficial referee.
The first attraction of the evening's
programme is a little bout between
Willie Sheper of the Hayes Valley Club
and Charles Hlppley of the same insti
tution. They will fight at 120 pounds.
Harry Baker of the Bay City Club and
Harry Williams of the Hayes Valley
will furnish the second bout. Willie
Ingham of the Hayes Valley and John
Kirchen of the Lincoln Club will fight
at 140 pounds. Jim Kane and Charlie
Dunn will next try conclusions at 125
pounds, after which a special event, in
which Jack Moran of the Hayes Valley
Club and Lew Powell of the Hawthorne
Club will mix at ISO pounds. Teddy
Wolff and "Rough House" McDonald,
looked upon as California's best welter
weights, will furnish the first main
event, after which the performance will
be drawn to a close with a grand finale
in the form of a battle royal between
Joe Thomas and George Peterson.
The preliminaries, between Jim Hay
ward, the New York lightweight, and
Henry Lewis, and the one between
Frank Rafael and George Herbert,
promise to be good ones. Each bout is
slated to go ten rounds.
Morris Levy has everything in readi
ness for his little performance to-night,
and as each of the amateurs scheduled
to appear has put a good piece of for
feit money up to guarantee his good
faith there should be no disappoint
ments for the fans at the last moment.
Jim Connolley, manager for Martin
Canole, and Teddy Murphy, who looks
after the pugilistic business affairs of
Battling Nelson, met last night at
Alex Greggalns' cafe on Ellis street
and discussed the referee question for
their contest next Friday night at
Woodward's Pavilion. The men talked
the matter over for more than an hour*
but came to no conclusion as to who
would referee the bout. The names of
Phil Wand, Eddie Graney, Arthur Eck
art, Jack Welch and Billy Roach were
mentioned and it was thought one of
these men will be selected to officiate.
Canole has succeeded in reducing
himself to within one pound of the
weight limit and from now on he will
do but light work. The little vacation
he took from his training quarters the
other day shot up* his weight to 134
pounds, but he will soon get rid of
that by the drylng-up route. Canole's
manager has given it out that he will
bet $1000 on his man at even money.
Connolley lost considerable money on
Canole when the latter fought Britt
at Colma. "I will positively not give
any odds on this fight, Tor I think it is
an even money bet," remarked Con
nolley. "Canole is in great condition
and I will make this one bet of (1000,
but If I have to give odds I will stay
off."
Teddy Murphy Is JuBt as confident
that Nelson will win and he has said
he would make a good bet on Nelson,
but he is waiting to get as good as 10
to 8 for his money.
Canole never looked better and his
trainers are well pleased with his fine
condition and they say by Friday night,
when he meets Battling Nelson, he will
be fit to fight for a championship. The
Massachusetts lad has worked hard
and faithfully the last two weeks and
he is glad the training routine is near
the end. Canole has little to say re
garding his coming contest with Nel
son, but intimates that he is familiar
with the fact that the Chicago man is
a tough nut to crack, that he ex
pects a hard fight and that he is not
underrating him in the least; but that
he will be at his very best, and he also
intimated that he was full of confi
dence and expected to win the deci
sion.
Nelson is as sure of winning from
Canole as he is that he is alive, and
he is planning his future accordingly.
He says Canole's punches will not
bother him in the least, and he feels
that he is bound to catch him at some
stage of the many terrific rushes he
will uncork on the clever Canole.
OAKLAND. May 16.— "Rube" Smith
, of Denver tasted defeat at the hands of
Billy Otts In a scheduled fifteen-round
battle at the Reliance Club in this city
to-nlpht. The battle terminated in
ihe seventh period by a knockout ad
ministered by the local fighter in a
fierce and gory rally.
Up to the sixth round the contest was
*ven. Then began Smith's Waterloo.
He opened the sixth round by scoring
several lefts to Otts' head and then
etopped with his Jaw a terrific wallop
from Billy's right that caused the au
burn-haired Denverite to rock on his
pics and shake his head. Otts. scent-
Ing victory, went viciously after his
man. but Rube fought back like a tiger,
end although he went down for the
-count of eight he revived and had Otts
In a dizzy etate when the gons sounded
corners.
Otts closed with his opponent iny.
rtar.tly- on coming out for the seventh
round and beat Rube down with a
bombardment of rights and lefts to
the head. Smith took another eight
*<?£onds on the canvas and on rising
was sent to the floor for Keeps.
Smith exhibited cleverness with both
hands during the first five rounds and
was generally on the aggressive. He
landed many heavy punches that Otts
*et?slmllated without much apparent
.damage.
Jack Evans cf the Hayes Valley Club
•won a four round slugging bee with
Tommy Taylor of this city, and George
Curran made Caesar Attell feel for a
Voft place on the mat In the third
;ound of a scheduled ten-round mill.
"'TTeieree Eddie Smith announced that
he believed Attell had lain down and
declared all bets off and at the same
* time informed Attell that he would not
receive any loser's purse.
Detroit Knocks New York's
Crack Pitcher Out of Box.
Cleveland Beats Boston
Beferce Declares Bets Off
•on Slugging Bout, Saying
That Attell Laid Down
Hayes Valley Club Will Do
Its Best to Give Good
Amateur Show To-Night
Golden Eagle Mills Purse
Goes" to Milas, Who Was
Installed as the Favorite
SIXTH RACK — Seven - eighths of a mile;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 2— Oarsman, 115 (Odom)... 1 2 Vj I h
5 to 2— City Hank, 100 (Hlldebr.) 3 1 >j 2 2
7 to 2— M. DainRerfield,125(J.M.) 2 5 3n
Time, 1 :. r .5>4. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner L Kempner's ch. g. by Hastlngs-Ortegal.
Ostrich and Colonsay also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Withers mile; purse; three
year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. fi Fin.
3 to 10— Runnells, 115 (Hildebr.) 1 2 lU^l 2~
5 tol —Red Knight. 113 (Odom) 2 1 2 2 h
8 to I — Klorham Q'n,107(Redf.) 3 3 3
Time, 1:42 4-5. Start sood. Won easily.
Winner, J. A. Drake's b. h. by Charade-Zingarl
II.
FOXTRTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
The Claremont handicap; three-year-olds.
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Hurst Park, l">0 (Odm) 3 4 2 1 h
13 to S — Lux Casta. 117 (Burns) 1 ?! 1 2 6
B to 2 — Gay Boy. 126 (Lyne).. I 4 5 1 3b
Time 1:22. Start fair. Won driving. Win
der M. Corbett's ch. c. by Klngeton-Edltha.
King Pepper, Tomcod, Castalian finished as
named.
THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; selling:
three -year-olds.
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
20 to 1— Totness. 94 (Hennessy). 1 6 2 12
15 to 1— Dark Planet.113 (Lyne) 8 7 h 2 2
12 to 1— Tol San, 100 (Creamer) 5 1 1 3 h
- Time 1 :30 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner M. L. Hayman's <jh. f. by Sir Dlxon-
Marina." Glisten. The Lady Rohesla, Tom
Lawson. Turnpike. Tantalus Cup. Alack fin
ished as named.
SECOND RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
puree; two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
13 to 20— Blandy, 110 (Lyne) 3 12 12
8 to 1— Britisher. 105 (Hllbrnd) 6 4 1 2 h
10 to 1— Amber Jack. 110 (Brns) 5 5 1 3 1>4
Time, :52 1-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner, N. Bennington'a ch. c. by Hastings-
Belinda. Hot Shot, Stimulant, Bulwark. Ox
ford, Preen. Cuckoo, Lucy Young finished aa
named.
Time, 1:23 1-5. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, J A. Drake's b. c. by Rapallo- Water
Girl. Coppelia. Grazlallo, Athel, Hippocrates,
Earl of Warwick finished as named.
MORRIS PARK. May 16.— Hurst Park
won the Claremont handicap to-day
under an impost of 130 pounds, defeat-
Ing by a head Lux Casta, which,- had
she run straight after getting off last,
might have been the winner.
It was Hurst Park's third consecu
tive victory, he having previously won
the Toboggan and Crotona handicaps.
To-day's success was most meritorious
because, in addition to the weight he
carried, the horse was handicapped by
having hit himself in his preliminary,
and it was necessary to usp a simple
remedy to minimize the effect- of the
accident.
Much was expected k from Gay Boy
and Castalian, but both disappointed
their admirers. As v for Lux Casta, she
displayed her usual bad temper at the
barrier and was last away, but went
up fast from her outside position, made
a wide turn into the stretch, came down
the Incline diagonally and then swerved
badly. All this time Hurst Park was
being ridden with great patience by
George Odom, who did not make a bid
until the last furlong. He ran straight
and true and Odom was not required to
resort to the whip. A head was the
verdict in his favor. Two lengths away
was Gay Boy.
The track was "dead" and was at
least a second to the mile slower than
under normal conditions. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse; three-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Rap. Water, 115 (Hilbrand)l 2 1 11
7 to 2— Rob. Hood, 112 (Rcdtern) 2 11 2h
Even— So. Trimble. 121 (Sprllng) 6 5 2 3 2%
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— Four-year-olds and upward:
Felling; one mile and seventy yards:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
20 to 1 — Postman. 97 (John-ion).. 2 1 2V&1 3>a
7 to 2— Marlln. 97 (Ollphant).... 5 44 2h
6tol— Maxlus, 1C6 (Henry) 10 7 ij 3 h
.Time. 1:45 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, N. G. Baldwin's ch. c, 4, by Fenelon.
Elora. Barkelmore 110, Benson Caldwell 106,
Lingo 104. Chanterelle 09 Jack Doyle lOrt,
Paramount 104. Give All 109, Allie Vlrgie 104.
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile and twenty yards;
puree; three-year-olds and upward.
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — English Lad, 100 OTicol). 3 2 h 1 Vi
7 to 2— Byways. 98 fWil3on>. ... 2 12 2 10
2 to 1— Big Ben, 105 (Larsen).. 13 6 3 3
Time, 1:41. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Fred Cook's ch. c, 3, by Requital-English
Lady. Little Boy 100 also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Three-year-olds and up:
handicap; six furlongs: i
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 2— Toscan, 113 (Larsen) 2 3 h 1 81}
50 to 1— Bondage, 99 (Melntyre). 5 6 2 2 3
3 to 1— Don Domo, 95 (Sherw'd) 4 12 3 3
Time, 1:13 2.5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. James Blutes" ch. c. 4. by Hastlngs-
Toscana. Hchwalbe 102 Frontenac 110, Mo
nastic II 100, finished as' named.
Time, 1:42 1-5. Start- gocd. Won easily.
"Winner. E. A. Chlnn &. Co.'s ch. jr. by Georga
Kessler-Verlly. Nannan 9S. Docile 100. Louis
Kraft 107. Schoolmate 97, Lady of Melbourne
93. Creole Jim 109. Baby Marie 96, Fair Order
9S, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One mile; three-year-olds;
selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
40 to 1— Just So. 99 (Harris) 11 13 12(4
Even— Falkland. 102 (Fischer). « 6 2 2 V,
8 to 1— S. of Fortune,102 (Olpnt) 3 4^31^
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; puire.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1* to ft — Foresight.105 (Ollphant) ft 4 1 1 %
12 to 1— Vestry, 110 (Henry) 8 3h 21
7 to 1— Jerry Lynch, 05 (Nlcol). 2 6 % 8 1
Time, 1:27. Start fair. Won handily. Winner,
G. W. Poole's ch. c, 3. by The Commoner-
Provident. Forehand 95, The Conqueror II
107. EmDeror of India 92. Telephone 105,
Ahola 100. Wenrick 104, Waterspout 97. fin
ished as named.
Time, :55 1-6. Start good! Won driving.
Winner, M. D. Miller's ch. f. by Handsome-Sln
cerlty. Al Casey 98. Raymond K 103J Picture
Hat 102, Ravlana 103, Arthur Stlllwell 106,
Mildred B 102. Kid Weller 101. finished as
named.
CHICAGO, May 16.— The Worth track
was fast, the weather cloudy and cold
and a good Monday crowd was drawn
out by a promise of the appearance of
English Lad, the Derby favorite, which
won the fifth race and was a heavily
backed favorite.
Toscan at 11 to 2, backed from 6 to 1,
won the feature event of the card, a
six-furlong handicap, easily from the
extreme outsider Bondage, which was
backed from 75 to 50 to 1. Don JDomo
led after the first half-mile, closely at
tended by Toscan and Schwalbe. Tos
can passed his field easily when called
upon and won as he pleased. Bondage
closed with' a wild rush and beat Don
Domo three lengths ¦ for the place.
Three favorites won. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Two-year-olds; four and a
half lurlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Sin. Belle, 102 (Fischer) 4 1 V4 1 n
It. to 5— Azellna, 105 (Booker)... 7 4h 2 2>4
0 to 1 — Fallona, loft (Larsen)... 6 3h 3h
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 2— Nevcrsuch. 102 (Cocolo) 5 2 8 12
3 to 1— John Doyle, S3 (Plnkett) 6 1 2 2 S
6 to 1— Lynch 106 (Perkins). .. 4 4 3 4 3
Time 1:53. Start poor. Won handily. Win
ner J.' K Hughes' ch. b., 4. by Mirthful -
Oymena. Daisy Hawthorne 95. Alflo 100. Bar
ca 10f>. Doeskin 104. Uranium 104 finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two- year- olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10— Dameron. 110 (Austn) 3 4 8 1 h
4 to 1— Renaissance. 105 (Cocl) 4 1 %2S
20 to 1 — A Lady. 105 (Abch«r) 2 3 ifc 3 IS
Time 1:03. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner T P. Hayes' ch. g., 2. by Donald A-
Doolittie. Arlena 105. Angeleta 105, Miss Pow
ell 110 finished as named.
Time, 2:00 Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. G. C. Baker's br. h.. 4, by Lampllghter-
Johnetta. Etrader 103 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One mil* and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and up.
Bettlngr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— J. Young. 103 (Wllace) 3 2 6 13
13 to 5— C Thmpsn.lll (Trxlr) 1 12 2 7
7 to 10— Jordan. Ill (D.Austin) 2 3 15 3 30
THIRD RACE — Five and a lfalf furlongs;
three-year-old fillies:
Bettlnr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Pilgrim Glrl.l04(Stovall) 4 1 3 1 8
7 to 2— Sadie Burch,lC9(McMul.) 3 3 3 2 1
5 to 1— Aggie I*?wis,109(TToxler) 1 5 2 3 >,4
Time. 1:16. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner, Watklns & Co.'s b. f.. 3, by Silver Fox-
Scarlet Letter. Myrtle White 9B, Lena Weldon
$>5. Chrtstelle 95, Walterln 101, Bird Pond 05.
Oraa 100. Mordella 95 and Debbie Mi.y 106
finished aa named.
SECOND RACE — 81x furlongs: four-jrear
oldn and up: •
Bettlngr. Horse, Weight, Jockey. 6t. % Fin.
4 to 1— Valasquez. 109 (Troxler). 8 2 8 1 n
6 to 1— Sid Silver, 107 (Howell). 2 13 2 18
7 to 1— Blue Blaze,112(Barrlng'r) 1 4 6 3 nk
Time. 1:21 »*. Start good. Winner, W. H.
Billings' b. g., 6. by Ben Strome-Eulalle.
Clifton Boy 104, Dr. Burns 109, Lord Cresslng
ton 103 and Sceptre 107 finished as named.
ST. LOUIS. May 16.— In a continuous
downpour of rain and over a track slop
py with water Jordan, an odds-on fa
vorite In the feature race to-day, was
beaten off in hie own golngr, the winner
turning up in Jack Young, who beat
Charlie Thompson a head. The favor
ites had a bad day of it owing to the
track conditions. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Two-year-old maiden*; four
furlong*:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Phil King, 100 (Troxler) .2 14 17
C to 1 — Braden, 108 (D.Austin).. S 4 1 2 2%
8 to 1— Laurel L,. 112 (Wallace). 9 <J 3 3 12
Time. :64. Start poor. Won easily. Winner,
Phil King's br. c, 2, by Gallantry-Lemonade.
Llddon 112, Little Pearls of Gallantry 103. Joe
Graham 100, Varietes 109. Franco 106, Oraa- J
lOfl. Trourere 100 and Wlllorvdene 1O» finished
as named. Trourero left at post.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLAY OF EASTERN TEAM^
EVEN HONORS FOR TDIE
HULFORD LEFT AT POST
NELSON IS CONFIDENT
Denver Fighter Shows Much
Pluck, but Fails to Come
•Up in the Seventh Round
Is Within One Pound of Be
quired Weight and Will
Spend His Time Leisurely
Magnificent Pitching and
Timely Hitting Get Game
for San Francisco Nine
Scores With Two First
Horses and One Which
Comes Inside the Money
English Lad Wins
in the Racing
at Worth.
Hurst Park Takes
the Claremont
Handicap.
Jordan Loses the
Feature Event at
St. Louis.
YERKES HOLDS
SEATTLE DOWN
SMITH FLOORED
BY BILLY OTTS
STOVER WINS
AT PETALUMA
CANOLE EASES
UP HARD WORK
FAVORITES HAVE A DISASTROUS DAY
ON A RAIN-BEATEN TRACK AT DELMAR
BILLY OTTS BEATS RUBE SMITH IN SEVEN VICIOUSLY FOUGHT ROUNDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904.
No, Maude, dear, we have never
heard that a yardstick gets cold feet.
Bjornstjerne Bjornson has chosen his
recent novel, "Thomas Rendolen," as
the medium for discussing his Ideas
on education reform, especially in girls'
schools. . . ..,'...
Soldier Drowned nt Honolulu.
HONOLULU, May 10.— Henry Voclk
er, a member of the army hospital
corps, who arrived on the transport
Thomas, was drowned here on May 8,
the day of his arrival. In company with
two other soldiers Voelker went bath-
Ing and got beyond his depth.
Half the soldiers of the Czar arc
illiterate.
13
Be Wise fff
M/M/rAr/otf
/fA5£V£/T--^ ,
IE POYumt 7H^ fottCTSOFTEN
CIGARiglifc^l URGE SIZE
iljjf .^y rMED P05TWU2
y^^^V. Miller & Sons
l53CR05BrST>N.Y.
A Vile Disease C^x
Contagious Blood Poison has wrecked more lives and \X /§gLL
caused more misery and suffering than all other diseases «^SwB**
combined. Some arc inclined to treat it lightly, but these f£$1§3&{
soon learn that they have to deal with a powerful poison y^| L
that is slowly but surely breaking down the constitution. gffiii^2 /JE^jW
Contagious Blood Poison not only metes out punishment t^g^^^^^j
to the one who contracts it, but others may become inno-
cent victims of this vile dis- y9M z wm wJth mott m
ease through inheritance It na nt type of chronic blood trouble. After trying
vnnr hlood is tainted vou may various other remedies without srsttinsr my ben-
your Diooa is lamueu you iu*y 1 wm induced by a f rien d who was cured ot a
live to see your children bat- constitutional blood trouble, to take 8. s. S. A
tlin"- with the Same disease — *ow bottles cured me permanently. I also con-
11 ° , .,, t^j.^:.,. Bider S. S. S. tho best tonic ever m»de. While
puny and Sickly, made miser- taking it xny weight increased and my health
able bv disgusting sores and improved in ©very way. S. £; 1 J*2J£5E» v .
skin eruptions. 5 Undef the 2&03 Perrysville Ave. Allegheny City, Pa.
mercury and potash treatment all signs of infection may disappear, but leave
off these minerals and you soon find out the poison is still alive and you are
just as bad off as ever. S. S. S. is the only antidote for Contagious Blood
-Iru-f ' '.It-ui ,-, Poison. It destroys the virus completely without
/Si />-O /?^ injuring the system. It is a vegetable remedy, and
\^v V^v V^V we offer $1,000 for proof that it contains a single
I^S 1 K)J KJ) mineral ingredient. S. S. S. not only works the poison
V»-X V*— y ***-* out of the blood thoroughly, but restores vigor and
strength to all parts of the system. • .
Write for our special book on Contagions Blood Poison, describing the
different stages and symptoms and containing much other interesting infor-
mation about this most despicable of all diseases.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS*Miss Elizabeth Irish of Iowa City,
prominently identified with educational
work, has been visiting: her uncle,
Colonel John P. Irish of Oakland.
The Brahms quartet will assist at
the concert, which will be extensively
patronized by society.
where she will pursue her art under the
best masters.
After they had smashed a city lamp
at Market and Valencia streets last
Saturday evening George Anderson and
Charles Paczoch tapped windows of
domiciles, pulled pickets off fences and
did a lot of other highly amusing
things ere Officer Dolan overhauled
them.
"You boys must be regular cut-ups,"
said his Honor Judge Mogan to the de
fendants. "I'll continue your case till
Thursday."
Malicious Roys Arrested.
To-night Miss Gertrude Wheeler, the
gifted contralto, will give a recital at
Century Hall. The affair Is In the na
ture of a farewell, as the young woman
will leave in a few weeks for Dresden.
What a gay day yesterday was for
the younger set! Every maid in town
with a college friend— and where is she
who has not? — went over to Berkeley
to be a part of the great rollicking
class-day sport.
Berkeley and Stanford are figuring
more prominently each year in the so
cial life of the West. Commencement at
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Cornell and
Virginia are social affairs that domi
nate all other functions — all save wed
dings, which they frequently accom
pany. Four Harvard nuptials will fol
low shortly after the awarding of
trheepskins, and it is whispered that
Berkeley will likewise furnish a few.
Who? Just wait and see!
Miss Dillingham of Honolulu was the
guest of honor at a small tea given by
Mrs. Samuel Hort Boardman yester
day. The wanderer from the Isle of
Palms will be extensively entertained
during her visit here.
• • •
After luncheon, which was a merry
aflair, the tables were cleared for
"five hundred," which, by the way, is
running "bridge" a close race for popu
larity.
Mrs. Rosenfeld was hostess at lunch
eon at the St. Francis yesterday, when
forty-five guests were entertained. The
tables were exquisitely dressed with
pink and white sweet peas and the
rooms with woodwardia.
Between the address a pretty inci
dent occurred, the motive of which
will live long in the annals of the
club. At the meeting of last Monday
E. W. Smith presented to the society
an autograph copy of the song,
"America," which was composed by
his father, and which had been treas
ured by his family as a precious pos
session.
At yesterday's meeting the daugh
ters hung the interesting scrap of
paper, fittingly framed, in a place of
honor, and in appreciation of the gift
presented the donor with a bunch of
red roses, which he handled most dex
trously.
Besides these interesting features
the following programme was pre
sented: Piano solo "Cachucha" (Raff),
Miss Clara R. Xolan; vocal solo. Miss
Susse Dawson; recitation. Miss Alice
Donahue; violin solo, R. Nolan; vocal
solo, Miss Flossie Conner. Miss Clara
Nolan was accompanist.
The Pioneer Daughters, Mrs. Sid
ney S. Palmer presiding, held a de
lightful session yesterday afternoon in
the parlors of the Pioneer building,
when the clever journalist and racon
teur. Miss Agnes Murphy of London,
talked to the guests in her own
inimitable style — which, by the way,
is decidedly fetching.
She drew a fine picture of New
Zealand, with its weird natural beau
ties and queer places of note, dwelling
especially upon the geysers, a sister or
brother to our own steaming caldron
up in Sonoma.
Wandering over to the Little Green
Isle, Miss Murphy touched a tender
chord in her description of the peas
antry of the fens and bogs, reciting a
poem of, exquisite feeling to illustrate
the tenderness of the Irish heart. The
second address was given by Miss
Eliza D. Keith on .the Camino Real
movement.
Miss Keith is a well-known enthu
siast upon the matter of the King's
highway, as upon all other affairs per
taining to the historic phase of Cali
fornia development, and she presented
a clever address upon the new move
ment.
By Sally Sharp.
DAUGHTERS OF
PIONEERS HEAR
MISS MURPHY
Purely Mansfield is "Ivan the Terrl
•ble." a tragedy by Count Alexis Tolstoi,
" produced fpr the first time "out West"
by Richard Mansfield last night at the
'Cojumbia, and purely a triumph at
fhat. With but one other figure of
. p/nchable flesh in the piece, Boris Godu
• noff, Mansfield carries the play's five
acts — scenes perdie — upon his own
Shoulders. And one laments only the
¦¦ moments when his grotesquely fasci-
V.ating figure is absent. Plus Mansfield
"Ivan the Terrible" is a picture of vic
torious power; without him — or an Irr
ing—lt were pitifully ineffective.
A TItfOlPlf FOR 51 AXSFIEL.D.
But Manyfleld there was last night,
and the night was his. It is nine years
ago eince tbe greatest American actor
rkade his last bow to a San Francisco
audience. They gave him nine years'
° interest on their greeting last night.
The conventional first night audience—
everybody— was there, but the applause
was worthy of the Central. It failed to
c draw the expected speech. They want
ed it after the first act. Then after the
second. Then the third, and after the
fourth they whistled, stamped and cat
called after the regal figure had made
c ius curt little bow right through with
fbe music until the last act.
That' means things at the Columbia,
a c nd the particular effsuion meant the
triumph of a personality.
A play, in the accepted sense of the
word, "Ivan the Terrible" is not. It
ig a series of episodes in the last year
of the life of that Ivan, Czar of Rus
sia, nicknamed "The Terrible." Writ
ten t*iirty years ago, the play was
. outlawed in Russia for political rea
sons until three years ago. It is pre
sented by Mr. Mansfield exactly as
given then at the Alexandre Theater.
tfL Petersburg.
MUST BE UNDERSTOOD.
Undoubtedly the drama, as a drama,
loses weight in its Western environ
. ment. A tyrrany to which a Russian
audience may still bring a sympathetic
shudder we can here bring only a dif
ficult credulity. And Mr. Mansfield
.has much more to surmount than this.
By the grace of a programme footnote
one is given to understand the causes
in the inculted. cramped and de
graded childhood of Ivan, of his raon
etrous later development. So some
sympathy for and comprehension of
the character are possible. The play
tells naught of this. The climax finds
the senile tyrant exactly what the
first act finds him, an overshadowing
terror, debauched with ape-like van
ity, rotten with superstition and pois
oned with the exercise of absolute, ir
responsible power.
But Mr. Mansfield is magnificently
sufficient herein. He is an unforget
table picture, regal, terrible, animal
throughout, splendidly convincing.
The actor is excellently supported by
Arthur Forrest as Godunoft in partic
ular, and Ida Conquest as the Czarina.
Nothing since Irving has equaled the
"scenic setting in magnificence, and the
costumes and every accessory ehow
lavish caxe and generosity. To
night "Old Heidelberg" will be pre
sented. BLANCHE PARTIXGTON.
Alcazar.
. The Alcazar players gave a highly
Creditable production last night of
"Colinette," a clever comedv adapted
• from the French. The play tells the
tale of how Colinette, enacted by Adele
I JBIock, saves her husband from death
' for- having conspired against King
lxjuis XVIII in the interest of Bona
parte. The best art In the piece is
the last, wherein the King, having
tired of the numerous conspiracies
against himself, suggests to Colinette
the manner of consummating her hus
band's escape. Butler, who played the
King, probably did the best work of
all and, barring a disposition to utilize
all the strong tones of his stentorian
voice, is all that can be desired in the
part. Adele Block played Colinette
with grace and will undoubtedly im
prove with successive performances.
James Durkin was splendid as Adrien.
Colinette'e husband, and Luke Conness
was more natural than he ever has
been as D'Albarede. John Maher gav«
a capital impersonation of Puygiron
and his identity was positively lost
in his make-up. George Oeboume
was irresistible as the Duke Rivecourt
and Harry Hilliaxd was painstaking
as Collieres, one of the plotters against
the King. Walter Belasco was good as
•Aristlde and Frances Starr was dainty
in the small part of the dressmaker.
Central.
The *">ntra! Th*-at«T followed up its
series of artistic successes last night
by an elaborate production of the new
romantic comedy-drama, "Down by the
Sea." It nil the initial performance
of the play in this city, and the crowd
ed house applauded the climactic
scenes to the echo. The play is on the
order of "Shore Acres." One of the
"A Runaway Girl" began its second
week at the Tivoli Theater last night
with a crowded and enthusiastic house.
Good music and plenty of fun are the
features of the opera.
Tivoll.
""Well, you can't expect to find a
Paderew6ki punching the ivories in a
tenderloin saloon," said his Honor. "But
I will consider the provocation more
fully and sentence you to-morrow."
Two negro instrumentalists were per
forming in a Turk-street saloon last
Saturday evening when Private John
Russell, Company L, Twentieth United
States Infantry, told them his sense of
melody was shocked and if they .did not
cease their creation of discord he would
compel them to do so. They ignored
his protest and were hammering and
strumming out something that bore re
mote resemblance to "Mary Ann Mc-
Cann" when he pounced upon them,
disabled a banjo and severely crippled
a piano. Then he resisted interference
by the proprietor of the place, Frank
Christiansen, and was arrested and
charged with battery.
In response to an interrogative glance
from Judge Mogan the defendant sa
luted the bench a la militaire, stood
rigidly at attention and pleaded that
his disorderly conduct was provoked
by the colored men's inartistic manipu
lation of the instruments. . "The pianist
was the worst," he plaintively added.
Objected to the Music.
Matsuda's Royal Japanese Troupe
appeared for the first time in America
at the Chutes yesterday and made
great hits at both performances. The
little brown men. women and chil
dren are marvelous acrobats, jugglers
and equilibrists and provide excellent
entertainment. Fox and Ward, black
face comedians, gave a good, old-fash
ioned act and Cameron and Toledo
presented a novelty in "The En
chanted Castle." Barr and Evans, the
character comedy creators, varied
their specialty; the three Millards,
musical comedians, continued "Willie
Green's Visit," and Mildred Manning,
the popular contralto, in a change of
illustrated songrs, and the animato
seope, showing a wonderful moving
picture entitled "The Great Train
Robbery." completed a capital pro
gramme. The amateurs will appear
on Thursday night.
The Chutes.
LO9 ANGELES, May 16. — An explo
sion of a Santa Fe freight engine oc
curred near Bagdad, San Bernardino
County, last night, in which Engineer
Ebbutt was killed and Fireman Sho
walter slightly hurt.
According to the information re
ceived at the Santa Fe headquarters in
this city the engine was a "pusher"
on a westbound freight train. The ex
plosion occurred when the train was
on a heavy upgrade, but the exact
cause of the accident has not been
ascertained. The engine was badly
demolished, but the track was not in
jured nor traffic delayed.
It was officially denied at the office
of the Santa Fe general manager here
that the present labor difficulties of
the company are in any way respon
sible for the accident.
The fact was pointed out that the
boiler-makers, whose work would
have largely to do with the condition
of the engine when it left the shops,
are not on strike in the Arizona di
vision, from which this engine was
cent out.
Engineer A. S. Ebbutt died while
being brought to this city and his
body arrived here this morning.
Eailroad Officials Do Not
Believe That Strikers Were
Responsible for Accident
FIEEMAN IS ALSO HUET
most beautiful scenes is that of the
illuminated cathedral on the sands,
while the mechanical and electrical ef
fects of a midnight storm at sea were
magnificent. A daring: lifeboat rescue
makes a thrilling close to the storm
scene. James Montgomery, the new
member of the Central stock company,
handled with effect the exacting role of
the young village parson, whose heart
and mind are at war, as In a battle be
tween love and duty. Eugenie Thais
Lawton, as the parson's betrothed
wife, shone to advantage in a highly
emotional part. Henry Shumer, as the
gentleman villain, gave a strong im
personation, and Elmer Booth, in a He
brew character part, made a decided
hit. George Xicholls, Ernest Howell and
George Webster have good character
parts, and Edna Ellsmere was pleasing
as a maiden bent on spreading the gos
pel of happiness. Baby Frances, in a
pretty child part, gave evidence of rare
cleverness.
Locomotive Is Wrecked on
Santa Fe Line and En
gineer Is Fatally Injured
•Tolstoi's Tragedy Is Splendidly Presented by the
Foremost American Actor— "Colinette," a
' Clever French Comedy, Is Given at the Alcazar
BOILER BDKSTS;
DEATH RESULTS
RICHARD MANSFIELD SHINES
IN "IVAN THE TERRIBLE"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TO CUBS DANDBUPP
It I« Necessary That the Dandruff derm
Be Eradicated.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." Kill the germ that causes dandruff,
falling hair and baldness, you will have
r.o more dandruff and your hair must
grow luxuriantly. Herpicide not only
contains the dandruff germ destroyer,
but it is also a most delightful hair
dressing for regular toilet use. No other
hair preparation is on this scientific ba-
sis of destroying the dandruff germ, and
none other claims to be, for the simple
reason that It is only recently that a de-
Btroyer of the germ has been discovered —
Ncwbro'B Herpicide, the only hair prep-
aration that actually kills dandruff. Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit,
Mich.
TOOTH POWDER i
TLcre is no Beauty
that can stand the disfigurement of bad
teeth. Take core of your teeth. Onlv
one way— *
mm wm
M ARK WEST
Hl^r SPRINGS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs; many improvements;
new cempnt bathhouse and gaa all over place;
(2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office 833 Larkin
st., cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa, Rural No. 6.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS
Open June 1, new hotel; large dining-room,
telephone, hunting, fishing, swimming, bowl-
Ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau,
30 Montgomery st. DR. W. A. McCORNACK.
proprietor. >*'...•
THE GEYSERS
The Moit Famous) Health and Pleasure
Beacrt in California.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERV are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Haaunam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing.
a £S ln *- »huffie-board. billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGEfc have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and *
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable in connection with th« hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the beet the
market affords. Rates. $10. $12. $14 and »1«
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers.
Sonoma County, California.
Agua Cal iente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
Ban Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare ?1 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred aliments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In tho State. Table and rooms are first
date. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st.,
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Caliente
Springs, Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can feat 400 guests.
i gilroy i
[hot springs]
For health and pleasure. Reno-
vated and improved. Water
unsurpassed for rheumatism,
kidney, liver and stomach trou-
ble. Trained masseur. Long
distance phone. Trains from
Third and Townsend at 9
a. m. and 3 p. m. Write for
pamphlets.
R. ROBERTSON.
The summer days
are chuck full of en-
joyment when spent at
AETNA SPRINGS
And the fun don't £0
down with the sun, either.
Just send for Booklet.
AETNA SPRINGS CO.,
Napa Co., Calif.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser in bathhouse, club-
bouse, etc.. Increased accommodations, m >U-
ern convenience*. Scenery unsurpassed. Table
a specialty. Rates per week, $10 to 915. Photos
and Information at Chatfleld & Vlnzent's, ZiH
Montgomery Bt.. or Capt. F. W. CLOUGH.
prop., Soda Bay, Kelaeyvllle, P. O.. Lake Co.,
Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beewick, Slaklyou County. California.
Write to KDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st., or at J.
MARTENS, Bachelor P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, Cal.
Under new management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playground* for children. Free ,
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA. Mgr.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. For Information inquire at Travt|»r
office, SO Montgomery St., Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. demons, Truckee. Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved: 1000 feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths: spriHK water; cement
swimming tank, 40xS0. Rates (8 week up; stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben, Napa, Cal.
||pi55|||j TENTS
Hs!e&ab4?^TO»yial AwnlnjfB, Hammocks,
MJVwwfcfaaBgisi w. a. puriiMEii.
Tel. Main 649, 111 Clay st.
DEDfiCHTIM Delightfully situated In the
'DbKUMlClnl Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $S per week. For circulars address O.
F. BIEDENWEG, R. D. 121. Santa Crus. CsX
-
JOHANNISBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
KNBURG. JR.. Prop., Oakvllle. Napa Co., or
INFORMATION BUREAU, 30 Montgomery st.
FASHION STABLES
OIL.ROT, Cal. Direct line to Gilroy Hot
Springs. All open carriages; first-class turn-
outs; best stock In State; telegraph and phon«
orders promptly attended to. H. T. MAYOCK,
Prop.
BEOWOOD VILLA BESOBT.
Excellent board, home cooking; tent ground.
If desired, with board, $S. Room and board $3
to $10. Best bunting and fishing. MRS. A. U
ACKERMAN. La Honda. San Mateo County.
Bathing Suits
20 Post Street
CAZADERO
The Gem of All Northern Retreat*.
Grove, Forest, Glada and Bell.
Crest, Canyon, Hill and Dale.
Knoll, Xnob. Peak and Mountain.
The home of the trout and the haunt of th«
deer. Reached over th» North Shore Ry., vt»
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure t<>
tell you that, owing to last season's big ana
unprecedented patronage. I have purchased this
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties. Insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
Ing and bathing on the river, all free to guests
Free camping-grounds in the Cazadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must b« complied with.
Lots, one-quarter acre, for s»le. from 5100
up. and cottages built to suit at city figures
Take Sausallto Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip, good for six months, $3 73.
Round trip, Friday till Monday. *3; no stag-
Ing; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages. $2 per day; $10 to $14 per week; spe-
cial rate by the month.
For partioilars other than herein given write
J. J. THIRION. owner and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Shore
R» R. office, 626 Market St.. San Francisco.
VACATION 1904
IS HOW BEADY FOR DISTEIBDTION.
"VACATION" is issued »o-
nually by the
California Northwestern R'y
1EZ PICTTJBESQUS ROUTS CT CALIT0R5U
and is the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for Informa-
tion regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's edition. "Vacation
1904.** contains over 150 pases.
beautifully Illustrated, and is
complete In its detailed informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc., with
terms from 37.00 per week up.
To be had at Ticket Offices. C5O Market
Btreet (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry,
foot of Market Street; General Office. Mutual
Life Building, ccrner of Sansojn* and California
Streets, San Francisco; In Oakland at 873
Broadway.
Applications by Mail Will Becei-re Im-
medlat* Berpoase.
H. C WHITING. Gen'l liana ser.
R. X. RYAN. Genl Pass'r Agent.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guernevllle In a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the rtver; tennis courts; 40 new
boats: will build a dam In the river; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults fZ per day. flO per wmk; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fami-
lies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. I* C. CXO-
. PIUS, Camp Vacation. **Vacatlon~ P. O., So-
noma County. Cal.
OwnSimsrHinas 5 'sssSfca cam Mutter
Pore water, equable climata. lota selling $10
up; cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; depot;
stores; restaurant; hotel; post an1 express:
telephone; sawmill; SCO lots sold: 3OO cottage*
built. Sausallto ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C
MEEKER. Camp Hacker, Sonoma County.
Napa Soda Springs.
The t^rtfmmf mountain health and pleasure
resort Is bow own for the patrcoax* of ta*
public Address JOHN JACOB3.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Improved alnce- last season.
Opena April 1. THOS. U BELI*. M«r.. F-lton.
, Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow.ffxurs.
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00.
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL LYNDON— Modern Improvements,
extensive grounds: popular amusements: law>i
tennis, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Oppo«tt«
depot.' J. P. MOGEySO>f. Prop.
W. 8. B. R. TOGrtLO/rXM Maria Co.
Bertrand Hotel: flrvt -class accommodation*;
special rates for families and parties; flthing.
hunting, boating, bathing; beautiful drives t>
Bear Valley; telephone. JOSEPH F BER-
TRAND. or Bulletin Office, every Thursday i
to 4 p. m.
WHITE STTLPHTna SPBKfOS, VaD-Jo.
Cal. — Mcst accessible springs to San FrancUcJ^
round trip $1, no stage fare; only 2Vj hours'
ride- & miles from Vallejo: hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver anJ
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and laks
for boatlns and bathln*. Dancins; pavilion
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates.
$10 a week. Including- baths. Address M.V.S.
UJEti MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
FESCADEBO.
Ewanton House, under new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebbl*
beach, fishing, hunttnr. sea bathtng. Phon*.
Rates. $3 and $10 per week. O. C. LUCE.
Proprietor.
XtlUDNEB'8 PAEX, OnerneTlIle.
A resort for your family. Partly furnished
cottages, (12 per month and up. Tent* an<l
platforms. Near Russian River, near] and
room at $7 SO per week. See PECK'S. 11
Montsoraery st. ., \ .
M OtJNTAIJf V1LW BaJTCE HOTEL
*"¦* and cottages, in th« mountains, near Sant*
Cruz. First-class table and accom.. gas. baths
phone, dally mall, bowling, croquet, ama-il
menu; terms, ?3 up. Campers to Glenwood. inc.
carriage. $3 T5 round trip. FRANK It. DANN.
Santa Cruz. Fredertcksen St Button. Managers.
LAU3EL OBOVE PASK — Children's
resort during summer vacation; best of homa
care; beautiful grounds: climate perfect: fresh
milk and eggs; open June 1: terms $5 *per
week. MRS. O. W. NICHOLS. DImond P. O..
Frultvale. "-.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located tn
redwoods. S miles from Santa, Cruz. Spring
water, fruit, milk, excellent table; dally mail;
free conveyance; $7 week; phone Suburban ST.
MRS. W. CR AN DELL. Santa Cruz. CaL
BELIiEVUE HOTEL. El Verano, So-
noma Co.. Cal Terms. $1 day and up; hot
mineral springs near by. Long distance tele-
phone; dally mall. JOHN* SEItRES. Proprietor.
SCHAEPES'S GKOVX — BOSS VALLCT.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. Teaot
meets Sunday morning trains. Address lllis.
MATT LINDSAY. Ross Station.
EJVEBSIDE HOTEL and COTTAGES
— Near beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds; spa-
da! rates to families; write for booklet. F
liARSON, Proprietor, Santa Gnu.
THE DISEASE
1 OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
CURE FOR THIS EVIL IS
NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
PREPARATION.
I RELIEF COMES WITH
THE FIRST GLASS.
1 ALWAYS ASK FOR
HunyadiJaoos
I (FULL NAME.)
IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR
HUNYAOI WATER YOU MAY
BE IMPOSED UPON.
¦ •¦-_"-¦
I BARTLETT
..SPRINGS..
BARTLETT
Mineral water has benefited more
people than any other water on the
coast.
BARTLETT
Climate is surpassed by none.
It is a spot where the weary will
nnd rest, the invalid gain strength,
the sick Improve in health and the
P'^sure seeker have a good time.
There Is a resident physician, a
manager of amusements and masseurs
In attendance at the baths at Bartlett
Springs.
The visitor will find everything
done to make his stay profitable and
enjoyable.
For hotel rates and for housekeep-
ing cottages, write J. E. McMahan.
Bartlett Springs. Cal., or call at 2 ;
Sutter St., San Francisco.
1 "NEW" SANTA CRUZ]
CONTINUOUS ENTERTAINMENT
BAY AND NIGHT.
JUNE, JUIiTT, AUGUST and
SEPTEMBER.
Something 1 Doing All the Time.
New mammoth casino and bathing pa-
vilion; the finest in the West.
New tent city on the beach.
New 500-foot pleasure pier.
Dally military band concerts.
Dances every evening.
Brilliant electrical illuminations.
New and novel water sports, boating and
fishing.
I Safest and best surf bathing on the
Coast; no undertow.
Finest climate; grandest drives; largest
trees.
Moet amusements of any resort on the
Coast.
Bpeclal excursion tickets at reduced rates
from all points by S. P. Co.. to
| "NEW" SANTA CRUZ~|
FREE EXCURSION
-TO—
SPRINGS
MAY 1O. l^O^-.
For the next sixty days th? Tuscan Mineral
Springs Corporation Will furnieh railroad trann-
portation to and from Tuscan Springs and any
points within 300 miles, free to visitors who
spend thirty days, and free fare one way to
thos«: spending- twenty days at the sprlnRS.
Send f>Oc In stamps for bottle of stomach and
catarrh salt. Booklet free.
Rates $12 per week and up.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRING CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
O IS A /*/*O IIOT springs, sonoma
<3A/|L7l7|J COUNTY; only 4% hours
w»»« m w w w rrom gan Francl$co an ,j
~™"™"™"^^^ but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted (or medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State; boating and
swimming In Warm Spring Creek; good trout
Btrtamf!; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
prees and San Francisco mornlnc and evening
papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL. AND STAGE
I SERVICE; both morntngr and afternoon steles,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tiburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 iv day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the' past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprtcedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery St., or of
J. F. MUIXSREW. BkaggB. Cal.
WHTT EXPERIMENT?
Go to ADAMS SPRINGS
Lake County, Cal., and get cured of stomach,
ilver and kidney trouble. Information at Peck's
Ilurcau, 11 Montgomery 1 st., and at Travelers'
Bureau, SO Montgomery »t. Reduced rates, $!)
for round trip. Testimonials of more people
cured than any springs in California. Send fi>r
book. Address DR. W. R. PRATHER, Adams
Springs.
Harbin Springs
Most desirable in Lake Co.; contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic: wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. Acetylene gaa
plant, livery, home dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Round trip tickets, S. P. office, $7. J. A.
HAYS, Proprietor.
HI! I"! t\ II H#t Springs; on line South'-
KJ V U I I Hi * rn Paclflc : 2^ hours from
III K I I 111 San FrancUco: 3 trains
111 111 dally; luxurious mineral
1/ I II U 1 1 and mud baths; hotel
unique in cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau, 013 Market Bt., Peck's Bureau, 11
Montgomery St., or H. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. California.
LAKE COUNTY
New, comfortable carriages direct to the
most picturesque portion of California. -Best
equipped otage line .n th« State. Leaves Calls-
toga daily (Sundays excepted) at ll:S0 a. m.,
direct to Harbin, Selgler, Adams, Howard, An-
derson, Hobergs, Spiers, Astorga and Glonbrook;
half hour for lunch at Calistoga; also to Mld-
dletown. Lower Lake, Kelseyville and Lakeport.
Livery in connection. WM. SPIERS, Prop.
HOTEL BEN llOMOND,
Santa Cruz Mountain!.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Co., 613 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop., Ben Lomond. Cal.
EADnCC DECT Forde's Rest, heart of Santa
rUttUC 3 KEM Cruz Mt»., S. P. C. R. R.,
round trip $3; enlarged; surrounded by two ro-
mantic trout streams; flshing, hunting, bathing;
a picturesque place. Aciulta (6 60 per week,
children half price. W. C. FORDE, Eccles,
Cal. '
OCCIDENT AI. HOTE&, EATWABOS,
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement hall, etc. Special rates to families
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDAHD, Prop., phona
Black 141.
~~ 1 > LAKE TAHOE.
LAKESIDE PARK. Open May 1. Hotel,
cottages and tents. Popular family resort. De-
lightful camping grounds near tteamer land-
Ing. Furnished tents to rent. Booklets. Trav-
elers' Bureau, 30 Montgomery St., or of E. B.
Smith & Co.. Btatellne P. O.. CaJ.
wall SPRINGS — On Querneville
branch Cal. N. W. R. R., Sonoma Co.; phone;
pavilion; bus meets morning train; hot sulphur
baths: circulars. MRS. C. N. MEREDITH,
'jprop., Healdsburg, R. D. 1. '
WHY NOT TRY
Highland
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE
Spripgs
W E OFFER TOU THE BEST OF MINERAL.
»» waters, accommodations and service.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All th« popular sports and amusements. . 1-tv-
ery, telephone and postofflce.
Shortest rout« and cheapest fare to Lake
County. Most centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear I^ake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS— $10 to $17 80 per week. For Book-
let, etc.. call on our axent. H. R. DUFFIN.
638 Market street, or address
CRAIG &KERR,
Highland Springs. CaL.
I Spend Your Vacation
for &2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Qrsrinrfc San Luis Oblspo,
o|jrin§s cai.
The most ideal resort for pleasure and
health on th* Paclflc Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from 6an Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Luis
Oblspo. Cal.. and; return. Including: staire
board for J?-l».O*o to iJsi.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and & com-
mcdations $9.OO to Jjl-.OO per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
shady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs-
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
markei affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hoepital or sanatorium.
Situated in Vendome Park of 12 s
acres, a charming summer resort;
both city and country advantages:
automobile garage on the grounds
free to- guests. Bathing pavilion,
bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New au-
to road map of the county mailed on
application.
J. T. BROOKS, Manager.
PARAISO SPRINGS
California.
The leading summer resort of Cali-
fornia. Hot soda and snlphur bntha.
Excellent table. Concert by Bro-
haska's Band every day. Send fcr
beautiful booklet and rates to
r. W. SCHBOEPEB. Mgr.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cruz County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Will open May 15th under entirety new man-
agement. Round 'rip tickets from Ban Fran-
cisco (3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery at.. S. F., or to WILLIAM a.
DODGE, Lessee. I
• 000 00000000 0 0, 0 0 0 0 0 000000
j CAMP CURRY :
THE BEST n
;; WEATHER FINE
I FALLS FULL |
j Y0SE1VUTE |
BLUB
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
Ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN. Midlalw P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal..
or call on Dr. Happersberger, 11(H Market, S. F.
SEIGLER springs
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Posi-
tive cure for rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
waters for liver, kidney and all stomach troub-
les'. Swimming pond, orchestra. Faro $9 re-
turn trip. Electric lights. Housekeeping cot-
taget. Arsenic beauty baths. Rates $10 to $12
per week. Baths and amusements free. H. H.
McGOWAN, prop.. Selgler, Lake Co., Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America. The only lake
resort that has it* own mineral spring*. Boat-
Ing, swimming, fishing and hunting. EDGAR
DURNAN. sole proprietor. Laurel Dell P. o
Lake County. Cal. "*
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendodno County
Natural electric waters, champagne baths'
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring: accommodations and table first din
J. A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor^
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hopland.
Tina medicinal waters. Hard finished hotet
Excellent table. Rate* $10 to (12 p«r weelL
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT 8PRINO3
STAGE LINE— Hopland to Bartlett Springs
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and BarUett Springs stage. connecT wUh
trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12-au-
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arriv* at Bartlett
6pring« at T:30. New 6- horse H-passenitJ
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or IUri
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Spring,
St *£ e ,^ n *i k *iZ c * n *• Purchased at office
ot S?ii fornU , N " W * Ry - Market St.. «J
at Tlburon ferry. ¦ '
MILLETl A HOWARD. Prope.
rOR BENT— N'ico 4-room cottage on
ranch, furnished for housekeeping. Address
MRS. E. SURRTIINE. Santa Roia. Bout. Z,
Sonoma County. Cal. **TO SAIL.
TUESDAY. MAT 17.
8un rises ". ......4:5S
Sun sets ........4:14
Moon gets »:26 p. m.
O Timel iTimel Tlmel ITIme
fi Ft. ! 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft ;
o L W| |H W) L Wl 1H W
17 6:45— 0.C 1:57 4.6 6:32 2.01
H W L W II W L W * j
18 0:3B 5.6 7:33 0.6 2:47 4.7 7:27 3.0'
19 1:20 5.4 8:20—0.4 3:38 4.7 8:29 3.1
"0 2:16 5.1 9:16—0.1 4:30 4.7 9:42 3.1
21 3:22 4.S 10:12 0.2 5:22 4.9 11:00 2.7
23 4-40 4.611:12 0.7 0:13 5.2
L W H W L W H W
23 0:14 2.216:07 4.2 12:12 1.1 7:02 5.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, *j
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height.' and then the number
given la subtracted from the . depth given by
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 16.
IT S stmr Cherman, Grugulere, 31 days 15
hours 20 mln from Manila, via Nagasaki 23
days 8 hours and 28 win, and Honolulu 8 days
1 hour and 8 min.
Stmr Sonoma, Herriman. 20 days 8 hours 6
mln. from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 13
hours and IS mln.
Stmr Umatilla, Patterson, 58 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen. 0 hours from
Port Rodrers.
Stmr WhUesboro, Olsen, 68 hours from Port
Los Anseles.
Stmr # Shasta, Hansen, 39 hours from San
Pedro. .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 40 hours from Monte
rey and way ports. ,
Stmr Portland, Hotkens. 6 days from Sa
attle, via Ladysmlth 3 days 21 hours. -
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. 23 hours from Eu
rtka. ; v"- 1 v 1 / « '
Shipping Intelligence.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time tnd Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — Tbe high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlssion-etreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same at both places. ¦
Sun, 'Moon and Tide.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For] Balls.
Dirlgo Skagway A Way. Ports. May 19
Humboldt Bkagway A Way Ports. May 21
J. Dollar Valdez & Seward May 22
Nome City Nome May 25
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. May 26
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. May 2S
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. May 29
The steamer Alameda railed on Saturday
for Honolulu with a general merchandise cargo
valued at $121,018 and Including the following:
55 lbs flour. 46,620 lbs malt. 25.630 lbs lard,
U?.'X lbs butter, &!«03 lbs beans, 6349 lbs 13 cs
bread. 13,600 lbs codfish, 13 ctl» corn, 13S ctls
wheat. J.-.41 lbs cheese, 3544 lbs candy, 258
lbs 3 cs chocolate, 8 cs eggs. 1528 pkgs fresh
fruits, 180 pkgs fresh vegetables, 661 pkgs
potatoes, 101 pkgs onions, 2303 lbs fresh flsh.
f. !.">'• lbs fresh meat, 000 lbs 9 cs dreised
poultry, «i:;,". gals wine. 1260 gals 42 cs
whisky, 775 gals 8 cs liquors, 7 cs gin, 3 casks
ginger ale, 27 cs champagne, 9 cs mineral
water, ltf pkgs oysters, 4752 lbs sugar, 600 lbs
coffee, 192 pkgs drugs and sundries. 1954 lbs
glucose, 5 cs honey, 0293 lbs dried fish, 3l»0
pkgs groceries and provisions, 763 cz canned
goods, 6250 lbs 09 pkgs meals, 3960 lbs dried
fruit. 10 pkgs table preparations 18,851 lbs
20 pkgs manufactured tobacco, 17 pkgs mill
work, 65 pkgs paints, 8 bales duck. 144 pkgs
drygoods. 11 cs arms and ammunition, 62 cs
boots and shoes', 24 bdls brooms, 325 boiler
pistes, SU coils cordage, 9 pkgs electrical goods,
17 cs hats C6 bdls 27 pes Iron, 50 bdls 70 pes
ste*l. 1201 cs jars. 9 pkgs leather, 32,776 ft
lumber. 32 pkgs machinery, 76 cs matches,
23 kegs nails, 1KU gala IS cs oils, 295 pkgs
paper, 19 baits paper bags, 1866 pes pipe, 20
pkgs rubber goods. 52 pkgs soap. 15 pkgs ship
chandlery, 31 pkgs saddlery, 2560 lbs shot. 30
pk«s tar. 16 bales twine. 27 pkgs wire, 40 pkgs
wagon material. 8815 lbs nuts, 46 bbls pickled
ealmon, 1070 lbs raisins.
The Alameda's Cargo.
going East to freshen up his ideas of
Broadway. Frank Coffee, a Sydney
publisher, was another passenger. Mr.
Coffee is accompanied by his wife and
is groing to visit Kentucky, where he
was born.
Whili? the Sonoma was at Sydney
John Hopkins, a sailor, slipped while
climbing over a working winch. His
leg was caught in the eccentrics and
so injured that the limb had to be am
putated. Hopkins had been on the So
noma for two years and was popular
with his shipmates. He helped to take
a cargo of horses to South»Africa frorfi
Sew Orleans and fought on the British
side during the latter part of the Boer
war. He accompanied the mustered out
colonial troops to Sydney and there first
Joined the Sonoma.
The Sonoma's passengers included the
following named:
From Sydney— H. PoVning. Mrs. Jan» Stitt.
Mr. and Mrs: C. D. Broadbent, W. T. Robert
son. E. T. Turner. M. M. Cal vert. John
Mackel, Miss Marshall, G. W. sill. Mr.
and Mrs. Peter Hnrhes, Captain
and Mrs. Prenderpwt. Miss McKellar,
Alex Brown, C. Commeford, Bert Levy. Miss
O'Brien. Mr. and Mm. Sutton. Mr. and Mrs.
William Reagrave, Mies Belson, Mr. and Mrs.
E. W. Farnsworth. F. A. McFariand. Mrs.
Howatson, R. W. Duryea. F. H. JUlpb. Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Coffee, W. Gunther. F*. D.
Bills. Miss Howstfon, Mrs. T. C. Cal vert, Mr.
and Mrs. John Coilins.
From Auckland — P. V. Green. J. H. Cock.
Mr. and Mrs. A. V. Duncan, II. L. Henaby,
n. M. Simpson. H. F. Butcher. Mr. and Mrs.
J. M. Emlth, G. E. Henderson, Mr. and Mrs.
F. A. Mayer. Miss Onborne, C. P. Chapman,
F\ M. Burt ond nurse. J. A. Duthil. John
Wyllle Mr. and Mr*. Charlen Goodson, Dr.
and Mrs. W. J. Mackle. E. H. LUtleJohn. Mies
Wallace, Miss Eheand. Mrs. Rlsley, Dean
Smythe, William Tranien, E. D. Benjamin.
Dr. B A. Gibbs. Thomas Keenan, M. Dentcn,
Pr A. A. Hudson. Miss Elmpson, Mis*
Morton. H. E. Tyser. E. S. Watt, A. L.
Ur.thank. Mr. and Mrs. F. W. 4ppleton. Arch
bishop Redwood, Lester Harris. Mr. and Mrs
'obn Duncan, Mrs. Hellaby. Mr. and Mrs. A.
J. gumewigg. Mr. and Mrs. G. G. Holmes,
Miss Brsdy Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Legs, N. St.
nalr HalM, U H. Myers. Mrs. A. Foster,
Miss Bethcll, Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Duncan.
John Hellaby John Colquhoun. J. 3. Bourke,
Mi»s' Holmes. F. Harrawsy. Mrs. and Miss
Minr.ru-. Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Shanks and son.
H. L. Walker. . ,
From Pago Pago— Frit* Krone, O. Andres,
n. Williams. A. Haldlen. - ¦
From Honolulu— Miss Craig, Mr*. Hadley,
A. Morrison. P. Ehlers, J. Michaels, Mrs.
Dulot, Mrs. Parker. Mrs. C. S. Martin and
infant. Mr. Moffit, Miss Larned, F. Wlssbrun,
Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Halfs. Mrs. Ross and
infant. Mr. McffH, MIfs Larned. F. Blssborne,
R. Hulton, H. C. Kennedy, G. F. Wright. J.
E Gomes. Mr. and Mr*. L. E, Damon. Miss
T'nd'rhiU Mrs. C. A. Davles. Mrs. Wnter
houBe, Ml»s Hcitman. G. C. Munroe. Mrs. A.
N Cartle, Mies Cattle, A. K. Jones, J. W.
Pullman. MIfs Sturgeon. R. W. Shingle, Mr.
ana Mr*. J. O. Turner. A. W. Bottomiey.
liaising Barge Melrose a Record.
When the men who make a specialty of rais
ing sunken ship* saw the big coal barge Mel
rose last Thursday morning, full of water and
with tbe tide washing over her decks, they
agreed that the barge'* career was over and
that raising her would be an impooslblllty. Her
keel was imbedded in the mud and her open
*eams seemed to preclude all possibility of
pumping out the water. The Spreckels Tow
boat Company is equipped with a first-class
wrecking plant, and Superintendent William
Manning undertook to do what the regular
The schooner William Bowden aad the over
due bark Carrollton arrived yesterday from
Newcastle, Australia. Fifteen per cent re
insurance was paid on tbe Carrollton. which
wa* 113 days making the trip. The Bowden.
¦whose voyage occupied ninety-nine days, was
delayed by light wlnd3. She reached port
ahead of ' the Carrollton, which came Into
collision with the anchored schooner when
rounding to off Angel Island. Neither boat
was seriously damaged. Light winds were
the cause of the Carroilton's slow sailing.
Overdue Carrollton Arrives.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Satur
day for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo coruiignfd to the port of destination and
other British Columbian ports, valued at $23.
329, and including the following: 4S>9 pkgs
fresh frulU. M pkgs fresh vegetables. 162 pkgs
onions. 45.OC0 lbs malt. 46,875 lbs dried fruit,
OS'S lbs rheese. 820 pkgs paste, 93 pkgs table
pn-parctlons, 2.12 cs canned goods, 1O,«126 lbs
ceffee, 1SU0 lb* meals, C357 lbs beans, 14 bbls
vinegar, 1&3 gals wine, 2J&S lbs lard. Ml lbs
chocolate, 0 pkgs groceries and provisions. 75
pk»i3 druj-8, 7 pkgs electrical supplies, 8 rolls
leather. 86 pkgs machinery. 2000 lbs lead, 20
bxs soap, 10 pkps acid, 12 cs arms and ammu
nition. 24.251 lbs bluestone, 610 tins matches.
67 pkgs paper, 62 pkgs paints and oils, 50
boiler tubes. 553 lbs leaf tobacco 67,732 lbs
bont black, 56 bdls 31 pes steel, 17 pes Iron,
zm rolls roofing. In addition to the foregoing
the steamer carried 41,475 lbs dried fruit,
valued at $MK>4, en route to Winnipeg, Mani
toba.
Exports for British Columbia.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
\ May 17. |
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
May 18.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
laqua Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Nome City. . Nome via Seattle.. 5 pm Pier lrt
Arctic Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
May 19.
San Pedro.. Loa Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
S. Cruz San Pedro &. Way. 9 am Pier 11
Spokane Humboldt l:80pPler ft
China China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
P. Cruz San Pedro tc Way. 9 am Pier 11
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. » am Pier 11
Porno jPt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... | Eureka & Coos Bay Pier 16
! May 30.
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports.. 10 am Pier 10
Umatilla 'Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
I May 21. |
Chehalis.... j Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Axgo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & BTgham 4 pm Pier 10
S. Barbara. . Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Peru N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Portland.... NoVne & St. Michael I 2 pm Pler-CO
May 23. |
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 23.
Elizabeth.,. CoqulUe River 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Centennial. . Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 20
May 25.
Sequoia Willapa Harbor. ... 12 m Pier 20
Hermonthls. Hamburg A Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
Senator Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 36. j
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
The Italian ship Caterina Aecame was
cleared yesterday for Queenstown. for orders,
with 5S.01'- otls wheat, valued at J75.435. and
20.000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $300
Wheat for Europe.
The Kosmos liner Serapis. which arrived
frcm Hamburg Sunday night too late for
quarantine inspection, was ordered to Angel
Iiiand yesterday for fumigation. The cabin
passengers were brought from tn* liner on
the tug Alert and landed at Union-street
wharf. The Serapts brought twenty-six cabin
and five steerage passengers In addition to a
large cargo. Among the passenger* was Carlos
E. Wessel. who has been commissioned by the
Chilean Government to visit the St. Louis Fair
and gather such idean from the exhibits as
he thinks might prove of value to Chile. Miss
Lyila Leib also came up from Chile on tha
Serapis. She has been visiting her brother-in
law. Professor Wright of the Uck Observatory
astronomical exr>edit!on.
Passengers Land From Serapis.
IMIot-Boat Stewnrd Hurt.
William Gander, steward cf the pilot
f boozier Pathfinder, had several ribs broken
} U-ing thrown against the etove Saturday
afterr.w.a during n strong northwest gale.
The bark S. C Allen loads coal here for Port
Clarence. Alaska, and the bark Annie Johnson
returns to" Honolulu with general c&rgo.
The French bark Marguerite Dollfus <on
Puget Sound) proceeds to Newcastle tn ballast.
The fchooner Amazon is chartered for lum
ber from Pueet Sound to 5y«lney at 80s,
option of Melbourne or Adelaide 37s 6d. Fre
mantle 47s 6d, or South Africa 07s ttd; British
bark Pasa of Leny, sajne business, from
Putet Sound to Port Plrie or Adelaide at 31s
£d, option of Melbourne 3i!s 6d, or Fremantle
oSs 9d, both chartered prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Mcrcliants.
NEWS OF T11E OCEAN.
Tht- little British bark Pitcaira Island i»
'making one o- tbe longest pa»i^E^« <¦•" r *"°3rt
froKi Cal«oa Buena for this i>ort. Fhe ?€»#
been f'.gfcty-three days on the vcyagf and
d yttfrdsy was quoted for reinsurance at 10
per <.<-nt. The rtte on the Ccneir.augh was
o advanced to 70 per cct. The Lamorna and
l-amoririere are "quoted at 00 per cent. The
T'itcairn has a car&3 of nitrate of Fcxla and
te-jc underwriters are anxious about her.
*MarU I*itcafrn Island Overdue.
wreckers pronounced was Impossible. Diver
Roach was sent down to place canvas patches
where the leaking was greatest, and three b!g
pumps on the tu^* AJert and Relief were taken
to the scene. The Melrose was on the mud
with twenty feet of water in her hold at »S
o'clock Thursday morning. By 2:40 on Satur
<iay the patching was complete and the pumps
were started. Within an hour and twenty min
utes the stevedores were able to commence
getting coal out of her. They worked under
the direction of Manager Fred Mills of the
Western Fuel Company and by 8 o'clock had
taken out 440 tons of coal. The Melroee was
raised within thirty-six hc/urs after the begin
ning of operations and beyond the need for ex
tensive caulking Is none the wonse for her eub
merslon.
Steamer. i From. Due. .
R. Dollar San Pedro May IT"
Arizonan >,- e w York May 17
Wellington.... I Oyster Harbor May 17
S. Barbara Seattle &. Olympia May 17
I'omo Point Arena & Albion.. May 17
Spokane..;... Humboldt May 17
Titanla Nanatmo May 17
Iac.ua San Pedro* May 13
San Juan New York via Panama. May IS
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma May IS
Alliance Portland tc Way Ports. May 18
Moiitara... ... Seattle May IS
San Pedro.... Humboldt May 19
Czarina Coos Bay . ..: May 19
Argo Eel River Ports May 10
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 19
Arcata Coos Bay & Ft. Orford. May 19
Point Arena.. Mendocino &. Pt. Arena. May 19
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Ports May 19
Centralla Grays Harbor I May 20
Chico Portland & Astoria IMay 20
Pomona Humboldt May 20
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. May 20
Elizabeth CoquilU River May 21
Chehalls San Pedro ...,~r..... May 21
Mariposa Tahiti May 21
Hermonthls. . . Seattle May 21
Senator Puget Sound Ports .... May 21
Eureka Humboldt May 21
G. Llndauer... Grays Harbor May 22
Sequoia... Wlllapa Harbor May 22
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului... May 23
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. May 23
Santa Crux... San Pedro & Way Port*. May 21
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma May 24
North Fork. . . Humboldt May 24
Columbia Portland Sc Astoria May 24
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Ports May 28
City Sydney.-- New York via Panama. May 26
Curacao Mexican Ports May 27
COAL BARGE MELROSE WHICH
SANK AND WAS RAISED IN
RECORD TIME.
E. Bombers Carles Vierra, G. E. Fuller and
wife, H. E. Reeves. Miss K. Orery, George
Greenlan, Stanley Greenland. T. Hart and
wife. E. Workman. G. Wendllng, A. Latehell
and wife. R. C. Rogers, Miss Anita Rogers,
Joserhlne P. Lecouvreur. Arthur Hind, W.
Brock. Otto Kohepace. Philip Rourke, Mian
Gladys Rourke. A. S. Scott and wife, C. L.
Nicoll, Mrs. E. Kruppers and family. T. A.
Helen, Henry Lincoln E. E. Mordaunt. G. A.
Williams. Mrs. A. Williams and family. Mrs.
Mary HUdebrand. Julius Hlldebrand. Mrs. Mary
Eggers. Mrs. E. Scbaub, Leandro Mats, I'm
berto Mata. A. Mata, J. Jenkins. A. E. Wins
low. Mrs. A. Wlnslow, Mrs. M. Perrtn. Mey
Conterer. H. R. Roberts, L. C. Queen, E. D.
Sachs, Mrs. K. Wettig, Leo Bolanard, James
Frier. Hans Taak.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company's liner
Peru, which arrived yesterday from Panama,
was detained sixteen days at the Isthmus by
the s/rlke and as a consequence gathered an
unuwially large number of passengers. Ehe
brought 56 people in the cabin and 43 In the
steerage. Most of the passengers were from.
New York and among them were many tour
ists.
The Peru brought 1S74 tons of cargo and
treasure valued at $4S.49S. .
Alfred A. Wlnslow. United States Consul
General at Guatemala, and John Jenkins, Con
sul to Salvador, came up on the Peru.
The Peru's passengers Included tbe following
named :
Peru Brings 3Iany Passengers.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. V. S. N., In charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N\, Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 16. 1904.
Time Ball.
NEW YORK — Arrived May 16— Stmr Bovic,
from Liverpool; irtmr Ryndam, from Rotter
dam; stmr Zeeland. from Antwerp.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed May 16— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived May 16— Stmr
Island from New York.
HAVRE— Arrived May 16— etmr La Gas
cogne, from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived May 16 — Stmr Barba.
rossa, from New York.
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived Apr 29— Br stmr
EHeric, from Caleta Buena.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Archbishop Redwood of Wellington,
accompanied by Dean Smythe. arrived
on the Sonoma and will leave here in a
few days for Rome. S. V. Green. H. E.
Tyser and A. D. Duncan, prominent
steamship men of New Zealand, were
passengers on the liner. Among those
that crossed on the Sonoma were many
colonials bound for the St. Louis Expo
si tioa. Bert Levy, an artist -writer,
prominent In the Australian journal
istic world and a passenger on the So
noma, is going to St. Louis to write up
the exposition and illustrate his arti
cles for a syndicate of Australian news
paperg.
A small but important member of the
company that arrived on the Sonoma
was E. Turner, the champion light
weight Jockey of th'e Antipodes. In
Australia every man and boy is a
sportsman, and to most of the colonials
on the Sonoma "Teddy" Turner was
the liner's star passenger. He rides at
ninety-four pounds, and although he is
27 years of age has never weighed more
than ninety-eight pound*. He is on his
way to London, but expects to ride a
few races in the Eastern States.
Peter Hughes, who for twenty years
has been associated with J. C. William
son, Australia's theatrical king, was a
passenger on the Sonoma. He ie a New
Yorker by birth and inclination, and is
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sonoma. Captain Herriman, ar
rived early yesterday from the Antip
odes and Honolulu. She brought more
than 300 passengers and a full cargo.
Among the passengers were many
prominent colonial?. Fine weather
was enjoyed throughout the passage,
and on Saturday night at a festive cele
bration following dinner resolutions
were passed thanking Captain Herri
man and Purser Hodson for the good
time they had given the big army of
travelers under their care.
Ftmr State A California, Thomas, 42 hours
from San Diego and way port*.
Stmr Peru, Macklnnon. 2G days from Pan
ama and way ports.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, 60 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 63 hours.
Ptmr Eureka, Jessen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Fr bark Helen. Boridrot. 146 days from
Swansea, ria Brest 139 days.
Bark Carrollton, Gordon, 114 days from New.
castle, Aun.
Schr Sequoia, Hutman, 85 days from Navl
dad.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr William Bowden, Peterson. 99 days
from Newcastle. Aus.
CLEARED.
Monday, May 18.
Stmr Whittler. Dlckson, Portland; Union I
Oil Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka; P C S S Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria; O K & K,
Hal ship Caterlna Aecame, Rocca Queens
town; J. J. Moore &. Co. .
Schr Corinthian, l.utjene, Unalaska; C. C.
Lutjens.
SAILED.
Monday, May 16.
V 8 8tmr Marblehead, Phelpa, Honolulu.
IT S Etmr Concord. Perkins, Honolulu.
Ftmr Whlteeboro, Olsen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Shasta. Hansen, Belllngham.
Stmr Pomona, Swansea. 'Eureka. «•¦•
etmr Whlttier, Wekson, Portland.
Ship Henry Failing, Graham. Pupet Sound.
Schr Ruth E. Godfrey, Johnson, Ballard.
Tug Dauntless, Shea. Port Rodgers.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 16, 10 p. m.— Weather
nary; wind west, velocity 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Apr 28 — In lat 1 N, long 31 "W, Fr bark
MacMahon, hence Jan 27, for Queenstown.
May 1— In lat 1C N, long 25 W, Ger bark
Pallas, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
May 1— In lat 15 K, long 25 W, Br ship
Poltalloch, from Antwerp, for Ban Franclaco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Bonoma— May 15. midnight, passed
transport, probably U S etmr Sherman, from
Manila, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT — Sailed May 15 — Stmr Signal
for San Francisco; BChr Esther Buhne, 'for
San FrancUco.
Arrived May 16— Stmr Alliance, from Port
land.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 15— Bktn Ar
ago, hence May 3; schr Alumna, from Hono
lulu; scbr Advent, hence Apr 80.
Arrived May 16 — Stmr Sequoia, hence May 12.
BANDON— Arrived May 16 — Schr Western
Home, hence Apr 30.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived May 15— Stmr
State of California, and called for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed May 10 — Stmr Santa Rosa, for San
Diego.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived May 16 — Br bark
Ivanhoe, from Port Townsend; Br ship Simla
from Port Blakeley.
PORTLAND — Stmr Hotkens, 6 days from
Seattle, via Ladysmlth S days 21 hours.
TATOOSH— Passed in May 16— Schr Wat
son A. West, from Grays Harbor, for Port
; Townsend. Passed out — Bktn Lahalna, from
Port Blakeley, for San Diego.
REDONDO — Arrived May 16 — Stmr George
Loomls, hence May 14.
Sailed May 16 — Stmr George Loomls, for San
Franclaco.
BELLINGHAM— Sailed May 16— Ger itmr
Hermonthls, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed May ltt— Stmr City . of
Seattle for Skagway.
EUREKA — Arrived May 15— Stmr Eureka,
hence May schr Bertha Dolbeer, from San
Diego. May 16 — Stmr San Pedro, hence May
14; stmr Phoenix, hence May 14.
Sailed May 15— Schr Lottie Carson, for San
Dle«r»; etmr Enreka, for San Francisco.
Sailed May 16— Stmr Spokano, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived May 16— Stmr Asuncion,
hence May 12.
Sailed May 16 — Stmr Despatch, for San Fran-
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 16— Br ship
Pass of Leny. from Panama.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed .' May 16— Schr Balboa,
for Port Blakeley; stmr Iaqua, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed May 16— Stmr Bo
nlta. for Ban redro. «
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 15— Schrs
Charles R. Wilson and Henry Wilson, for San
Francisco; schr Watson A. West, for Puget
Sound.
Arrived May 15— Schr Comet, from Santa
Barbara; schr Alert, from Guaymas. May 16 —
Schr A. M. BaxtM-, hence May 6; sehr J. M.
Weather wax, hence May 4; schr Expansion,
from San Pedro; itmr G. C. Klndauer. hence
May 12; stmr Newburg. hence May 12.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 18— rj s tUnr
Adams hence Apr 24.
KAHULUI— Sailed May 14— Stmr K«vadan,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived May 14— Stmr
Oregonian. from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HIOGO— Arrived Apr 30— Oer stmr Nlcome
dla. from Hongkong, for Oregon.
HARWICH— Arrived May 13— Fr bark Ba
bln Chevaya. hunce Jan 5.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior May 14— Br
stmr Clavering, from Hongkong, for Oregon;
Br stmr Jesseric, from New York.
Arrived May 15— Br stmr Gaelic, henca
Apr 26.
' LIVERPOOL— In port May 4— Fr bark Gen
eral Daldberbe. for .
GLASGOW— Sailed May 14— Fr bark Bidart,
for Sen Francisco.
LEITH— Arrived May 15— Fr bark La Tour
de Auvergne, from Falmouth.
NEWCASTLE. AUS.— Sailed Apr 21— Ship
Great Admiral, for Honolulu. Apr 22— Br ship
Bracadale. for San Francisco; Br bark Inver
cauld, for San Francisco; bktn Kohala. for
Honolulu; Ger bark Ousterbek. for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Apr 9— Br ship Lady Wentworth,
ht'iicu Fcb 25.
SYDNEY— In port Apr 22— Br ship Arracan.
for San Francisco, via Newcastle, Aus.; Br
ship Eekasonl, for San Diego, via Newcastle,
Aus.
ADELAIDE— Arrived Apr 18— Ger bark
Gertrude, from Guaymas.
CALLAO— Arrived May 16— Br bark Lurlei.
from Port Stanley.
TAKU— Arrived May • H — Bktn Georglna,
from Ore;on.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 16— 8tmr Korea,
hence Apr 16.
BATON ROUGE, La., May 16.— In
the presence of a multitude gathered
in the grounds of the State Capitol to
day, Newton C. Blanchard was inaug
urated as Governor. In his inaugural
address Governor 'Blanchard said:
"Mob law in contravention and de
fiance of law will not be tolerated.
Lynchings will not be permitted under
any circumstances. The negro is here.
He is a man and a citizen. He is use
ful and valuable in his sphere. Within
that sphere he must be guaranteed the
equal protection of the law and his
education and proper lines — mainly
agricultural and industrial— is at once
a duty and a necessity. He must be
protected in his right to live peace
ably and quietly, in his right to labor
and enjoy the fruits of his labor. He
must be encouraged to industry and
taught habits of thrift.
"No approach toward social equality
or social recognition will be ever :oler
ated in Louisiana. Separate schools,
separate churches, separate cars, sep
arate places of entertainment will be en
forced. Racial distinction and integ
rity must be preserved. But there is
room enough in this broad southland,
with proper lines of limitation and de
marcation, for the two races to live
on terms of mutual trust, mutual help,
good understanding and concord. The
South asserts its ability to handle and
solve the negro question«on humani
tarian lines— those of justice and of
right. We brook no Interference from
without."
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
. ST. PAUL, Minn., May 16.— Reports
received here at the Northern Pacific
offices from division headquarters in
the West tell how Mrs. A. J. Barlow,
v/ife of a section foreman in the State
of Washington, saved the life of a tel
egraph operator, who was shot by a
bandit, and then telegraphed the news
to headquarters, resulting in the cap
ture of the outlaw.
C. J. Ingraham, station agent at
Snoqualamle, Wash., was about to
lock up the safe and leave the office
for the night, when a bandit thrust a
heavy revolver through a pane of glass
and shot him. He then entered and de
manded Ingraham's keys, but the
agent refused to deliver them. The
bandit shot him again and then rifled
the safe and money drawers and es
caped, leaving the agent lying in a
pool of blood on the floor desperately
wounded.
Mrs. Barlow, wife of the section fore
man, heard the shots, and, although
alone and unarmed, rushed from the
section-house to the station, and.
Instantly realizing that Ingraham
must have medical aid, sat down at
the telegraph key and sent an account
of the shooting to an adjacent station
and to division headquarters. She then
carried the wounded man to a bench,
and, tearing her skirt into bandages,
dressed his "wounds. When help came
she had stopped the blood and rendered
all the skill first aid could have ac
complished. Ingraham was put under
a surgeon's care and then sent to a
hospital.
The man under arrest has been
identified as one Bridges, and is on
his way to jail at Seattle.
T^ Supreme Grand Circle of the
Cornpanions of the Forest, A. O. F.,
yestrd&y in nineteenth annual ses
sion at 102 O'Farrell street. There were
present fifty -seven delegates, represent
ing that number of circles, ten supreme
officers and eight past supreme chief
companions.
. • The 'following committees were ap
pointed: Credentials— Companions Mur
*!ocj^ Harvey and Washington: state of
th«» order — Companions Wunderlich,
Harvey and Green; press — Companions
Jkfcirrison. Davrson and Pierce.
The renorts for the year show that
V.i«Y:r.£ the twelve months ending Janu
ary 1 of the current year the memW-r
t-hip of the order was 2*IG. that there
'v.ert? during that 'period 526 initiations.
3 7 admissions by card, 50 reinstate
¦ ir»»«r,ts. SS withdrawals and 20 deaths.
Much time was taken up in consider
ing amendments to the constitution.
An amendment to have biennial ses
sions* was lost. The supreme orgranist
was continued as an elective office, but
the officer Is deprived of the risrht to
sit as a member of the executive board,
li arzM decided that hereafter no mem
• V.<»r of the executive board shall be en-
Titlr-d to Fit as a delegate at any Su
'V'/ne Grand Circle meeting, and no
memlx*r of the Supreme Grand Circle
shilfc he entitled to more than one vote
lipoA any question before the body, ex
.ceft delegates from subordinate circles.
A number of the amendments that
v*re offered were voted down.
. The election for officers will take
piace to-morow, and the indications are
/hat Mrs. George J. Berger, the sub
chief companion of the supreme body,
will be advanced to first r>lace. Mrs.
l~";<>r<-n< e N. XL Corwin, for many years
the supreme secretary, has announced
' that she will not be a candidate for the
'oJH.ce this year. There will be two can
didates for that office. Past Supreme
# Grand Chi'Pf Companion M. Boetam and
*P*ei* ChJef Companion Miss Daisy Fal-
VonT.
Last evening the supreme grand of
ficers? and delegates were the guests at
a reception and ball given them at ;
*G*orden Gate Hall by the local circles.
The. tall was decorated with evergreens
' and eschschoitzias, between which were
¦displayed numerous American flags. .
. M£ny members of the order were pres
•r»t and there was an enjoyable pro
p-anime of dances. Max Boehm was
the floor manager and George J. Berger
..his assistant- A representative from
£acn circle comiKistd the general and
V."of committee, of which A. M. Nichols
vvfe.* chairman.
Trre supreme body will be in session
three days, and on the evening? of the '.
last* day there will be a banquet.
Negro Must Occupy His
Special Sphere and Be
Satisfied With Protection
.Officers and Delegates Ten
der Large Reception and
.Kali in Golden Gate Hall
Woman Relieves Injured
Man and Her Work Re
sults in Arrest of Suspect
INAUGURATION ADDRESS
SECRETABTSHIP FIGHT
WIRES THE NEWS AHEAD
"New Governor of the State
of Louisiana Speaks of the
Solution of Race Question
Companions of Ancient Or
: der Discuss Many Amend
' •nients to the Constitution
Railroad Agent Wounded by
Robber Succored by Brave
Wife of Section Foreman
Oceanic Steamship Company's Liner Sonoma Arrives
Bright and Early From the Antipodes With More
Than Three Hundred Passengers and Large Cargo
SOOTH OPPOSES
INTERFERENCE
FACES DANGER
TO SAVE LIFE
FORESTERS ACT
ON NEW LAWS
BRINGS MANY PROMINENT COLONIALS
FROM AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1901.
15
ADVERTISE>CE>TS.
WOMEN SAVED FROM
• ' JS5!™!? 1
: ¦ q ., i
* > - V ¦ • Wm
WRf« STELLA CEBZTT,
ZT9..2264 Bush St, Saa Francisco.
MItS. CERNY SAYS: "After year* of suf-
fering and drugging and alter two usiucceti-
!uf furgical or<era.tionH. I have b*>en r^omptly
fc^d thcrougtily cured by the Electro-Chemic
tr**taient at a very reasonable expense. It
pi\t-s me great pleasure to recommend this
rr.ort wonderful new treatment to Buffering
wemfti for I am sure that there is no treat-
r.irht In th«. world equal to Jt for the serious
rirf.-ciaJ <Jleea*c-« of our sex."
U'-"ign*<J) MR>'. KTELLA CEHXT,
. 2iC4 Hu^h «t.. Sa.n Franfinco.
* [LECTR0-CHEM1C SPECIALTIES:
Electro-ChciSLittry cures quickly, paln-
lesgly and cbeapljr Cancers. Ttunors, Old
Ulcers, Sczems, Bhenmatlsm. Neuralgia.
' Locomotcr Ataxia. Paralysis. Deafness,
Head ITcises. Xnsomxila, Goitre, Bri*rhfi
Disease, Diabetes. Dyspepsia. Files, all
'Diseases of tbe Stomach. Liver, Kidneys.
Bladfier and Bowels, all Nervous Diseases
'aad Special Diseases of Men and Women.
Free examination, diagnosis, advice
and trial treatment.
E011E TREATMENT — Patients are
cured most successfully at home by
Electro-Chemlstry. Those who cannot
call for personal examination are advised
to write a full description of their symp-
toms, and full instructions will be
promptly forwarded for home examina-
tion and treatment, free of charre.
ELEGTRO-GHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 GE.A3TT ATE, Cor. Post SU
SAN FRANCISCO.
Ofne«. hoars— 0 a. m. to 5 p. ra. and 7 to 8
p. tn. r.H-\\ . Sunday* — 10 a. di. to 1 p. m.
Separate ejwruncats for ladles and saotlemen.
A piTT"R.TTST; - M-p-l»J T r«.
EXTRAORDINARY
CREDIT SALE
By ordor of
HIBERNIA BANK
W« will sjffar a eholca list «f
Investment, Residence and Un-
improved Properties
Jit our salesroom
Monday, May 23rd,
1904
at 12 o'clock noon
Termsi Only i /g Cast)
j For catalogue and further partlo*
ulars, applj
G. H. Umbsen & Co.
20 Montgomery Street
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leare Broadway
•wharves, piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketehlkan. Wranxel.
Janeau. Ha.ir.p-, Skag-way.
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Mar
5. 10. 15. 20. 23. 30. June 4.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
I Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Bel-
l licsham— 11 a. in.. May 6. 10. 15. 20, 25. 30.
! June 4. Change at Seattle to this Company's
: steamers (or Alaska, and G. H. Ky. : at Seattle
or Tacotna to N. P. Ry., at Vancouver to
' C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Homboldt BaV) — Pomona, 1:30
| p. m.. May 4. 10. 16, 22. 28: Spokane. 1:30
! p. m.. May 1, 7, 13. 19; Corona, May 23. 3,1.
For' Loa Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
• Kedondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— •
I Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
: State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
I For Loa Anreles (via San Pedro and East
j Sas Pedro). Ssinta Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mont-
| terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
i Louis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
! Bonlta, 9 a. m.. May 7. 15. 23. 31. June 9.
Santa Cruz, ft a. ra. (freight only). May 19. 27.
For Ensenaida, Magdaien* Bay, San Jose del
; Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas, Santa Ro-
', saita Guaymas CMex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
I month. For further Information obtain folder.
{ Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
j dates.
TICKET OrTICtS — 4 New MontKom-
| ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
: way wharves, rrelffbt OXElca, 10 Market st.
C. D. Dl*NAXN. General Passenger Ageat,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler st. will
call for and check bagg-axe from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AKSBZCAH XXXTE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at !>:3(» a. m.
Germanic June. 4|Fhll*de!phla... Juna H
St. Paul June 11 St. Louis June S3
I ATLAHTTC TRANSPORT LIHE.
New York — London Direct.
i Mlnnetnnka June 4. 10 a. m.
I Minnehah*.. Jnn* 11, 3:30 p. m.
Minneapolis June 1*. 9 *. m.
Mrsaba June 25. 9 a. m.
1 Only first-clasa passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
I Montreal — Liverpool — Shurt sea pursage.
Kenslr.rftoa. ..... June 4'Southwark June 14
DommJoB June ll'Canada June 25
HOLLASD-AMEEICA USI.
New Twln-Scrtw Strainers of 1ZS0O Tons.
New York — Rotterdam. Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a, m.
Xordam May Sl'Potsdam Jun« 14
Statendam June 7 .R »tter'..im Jona SI
BED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp— Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 su m.
Vaderland June 4jZee!and June f
Kroonland June lliFinland June 25
WHITE STAB LINE.
New York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Salllrjr Wednesdays.
Oceanic. June 1. 8 a.m.|Cedric..June 15. t aja.
i Teutonic. June A. 10 am Majestic. June 22.10 ana
< Celtic. June 10. 3 p.m.lAr»btc. . June 24. 3 pm.
Boston — Queen itown — Liverpool.
Oetic June 2. June SO. July 28
Republic (new) June 9. July 7, Aug. 11
Cymric June 1ft. Jnry It. Aag. 19
NEW SERVICE FROM BOSTON.
Fast Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.40O to 15.000 tons.
BOSTON niRECT TO THE
MXDITERKANEAN. VIA AZORES.
GXBSAX.TAB, NAPLES. GENOA.
ROMANIC June IS. July 30. Sept. IT
CANOFIC Julr 2. Aug. 27. Oct. 9
First Class. $S0, upward.
C. V. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacino Coast,
21 Post st.. Saa Francisco.
Jiamburg-Jtmerican.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOrRO. HAMBURfJ
THE GREAT OCEAN FX.YEB.
S. S. Deutschland
63CH ft. lone— 23', knots average speed.
Sails June 9. July 7. Aug. 4, Sept. 1.
Patricia May 21|t*MoUke June 2-
Palatia May 25|Pretoria Jane 4
t^Bluecher May 2« • Deutschland June :»
Belgravla May 28 Waldersee June 11'
*Has grill room and tsrymnaslum on board.
HAMBTJBO-AMEHJCAN LINE.
Otfl<*w 35 and 37 Broadway. Mew York.
HEJtZO'b * CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
6. /?. & N. CO.
COLUMBIA sails May IS. 27. June ft, 18. an i
26. GEO. W. ELDER sails May 22. Jun» 1.
11 and 21. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR. and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points.
Steamer tickets Include berth and meals.
Steamer walls foot of Spear st. at 11. a. m.
S. F. BOOTH, O*n. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Mont-
gomery st. : C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agent Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery it.
oeeanics.s.co.E&ffi
S S- SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. May 2B. 2 p. m.
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. May 29. 11 a. m.
8 8 ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 4. 11 in.
I.D.SFBICKELS 4 BIOS. CD..Un..Tlcia 03C! M3 til-
hi, FlBflt OflSB 323 Marai SL. PET7.Paflla &
lOXFAQfflX GKfXSALS TKAX3ATLAHTIQ0S.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKJS-PAJUA -,.**.„
Sailing every Tbur»day instead or -iQtfXM
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pl«r 42. 'SSfia?
North River, foot of Morton st.
First elass to Havre. $70 aad upward. Sea.
and class to Havre. $15 and upward. OEM.
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
Maw York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Co*,t
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Franci*:o»
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
ADVEBTISEBlENTSi
You can learn all about the city —
all Its points of interest — from the
San Francisco Official
Street Railway Directory
Up-to-date information. Price S0c>
Get a Vest Pocket Map of the city.
• 15c
I carry De Witt's Latest Map and
Guide 3,1c
California Souvenir Books
oOc. 75c, Sl.OO
California Souvenir Playing Cards.
per pack 81.00
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST.. Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ ATlllJ A ¦ To Bt * 7 Cor**- Cau»» rs-
ASTH M A So^oc^^'or 0^
PIIPFH SS£ *~* W '—
lUKtU ¦>¦ teo^VATsa,
Mar* Island *nd Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FKISBIE or MONTICELLo—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Suau*y.
Sunday. t:U a. tn.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejv
7 a- m., 12:30 and 9 p. m.. except Sundmy.
Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare SO c«qm
TeL Main 1508. Pltr % MUston-su dock.
HATCH BROS.THE SAN FRANCI5CO ; CALL', TUESDAY, MAY 17, MOi.
16
*-x^.;:-^°F^ A^???! r^ 1 r*^F""! l -?- ned<
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&EIectrldty. 24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S*4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND' Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened his
' Juvenile classes at Findlay's Hall. 17th St.:
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc.. $4
month. Western Business College. 1107
Market -st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Th» Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BMPLOYMEXT OFFICES^
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 1S5—
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help: etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japaneae-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 6752.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
office. 415 Stockton st Tel. Grant 168.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Loon Seung's. 411'^ O'Farrell;tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flcg; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTISP — FEMALE.
A NUMBER of Scandinavian. German and
capable young Irish cooks, second girls,
waitresses and several good housework girls,
also a capable infant" s nurse want situations;
can be seen Monday at MISS PLUNKETT' S.
425 Sutter St.. near Powell: tel. Main 6472;
office hours. 8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
A GOOD plain cook wants a position for cook-
Ing or general housework; a years' reference
from last place; wages $-30. Call or address
710 Buchanan St.. near Hayes; car fare paid.
COLORED woman wishes a position; general
housework, plain washing and cooking, with
those who do not object to child of 5 yfars;
will go to the country; wages $30. 320 Ritch.
A GOOD Swedish girl wants situation to do
general housework and cooking in small
American family or second work and plalo
sewing; wages $25. Call 4419 Twenty-third
A COMPETENT nurse with best of references
wishes to go as traveling companion or nurse
for invalid cr children with party going to
Manllal Box 3U36, Call office.
A WOMAN wants position In small family; Is
good plain cook; no washing; no objections
to the country. Apply Wilson House, 775
Mission st.. room 22.
WANTED — By lady, needlework, plain or em-
broidery, or copying at home: residence G.
G. ave. Address box 3383. Call offlca.
TWO superior Scandinavian cooks wish situa-
tions; 5 years and 15 months last places. See
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 331 Sutter st.
COOK — German: Is first class In all Its
branches In American^ German and French
cooking: references. 717 Turk St.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wants position small
hotel, country; $35. 324 Mason St.; phone
Black 239G.
A WOMAN with a child, good cook, wants
work; country. 324 Mason St.; phone Black
2S36.
WOMAN, thoroughly reliable, desires posi-
tion; general housework and cooking. 146C
Grove st., near Baker.
FIRST-CLASS concert planlste wishes position
to play at house entertainments, dances. Box
3S74, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
house cleaning. Call at 157 Tehama st.
WANTED — By trained nurse, very capable, ex-
perienced, position with lady or children go-
Ing to St. Louis Fair; good traveler; terms
vtry moderate; best references. Address
P. O. box 2496. city.
STRONG, willing American woman wants
laundry work; flannels a specialty; $1 25 and
carfare; sweeping and cleaning also done.
648A Jessie st.. bet. 7th and 8th. downstairs.
AA— BOOKKEEPER, cashier; young lady ex-
pert rapid accountant; all modern^ methods ;
highest references or bond. Box 3793, Call.
COOK. German. Is flrst-class In American.
French and German cooking: cooking only;
refs.; call Monday. 717 Turk st. .
SWEDISH girl wishes position in email fam-
ily; plain cooking; no objection to small
wash: wages $25. Box 3S49. Call.
WOMAN wants a situation to nurse an In-
valid or care for children. Address 24 Free-
Ion st.
MARRIED woman wants housework by day;
sleep home. Address B. F.. 890}_ Peralta st.,
Oakland, Cal. _
EASTERN trained nurse wishes engagements;
reasonable; convalescent cases half price;
best references. Phone Polk 4700.
COLORED girl would like a place to do light
housework. Call at 1020 Pacific st.
NURSEGIRL, young, reflned; has experience;
sleep home. Box 3778. Call.
WOMAN wants work: Is good cook; will do
large or small cooking; call 246 3d st. J. K.
YOUNG woman would like work by day.
Phone number Scott 1324.
BY a middle-ased woman as companion or
nurse during trip to, Europe. Box 3788. Call.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day;
wages $1 25. a day. Address 8 Wefsh st.
A NICE young Japanese girl wants situation
at general housswork In the city. Address
NOBE, 414 Stevenson st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Brunch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
A BUTLER, flrst-class city references, wants
situation In town or country; call or tele-
phone. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St..
near Powell: telephone Main 5472; office
hours 8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
ALL-AROUND, handy, reliable man with 23
years' experience as porter in one place, de-
sires permanent work. 2 Hampton court,
rear 668 Harrison st. *
A UNION barber, steady and sober, wishes
position In or near the business district;
short hours no objection. Box 3915, Call.
MAN. 35. wants job collecting or any outside
work; speaks Latin: small wages; employed
evenings. Box 30. 106 Eleventh st.
DRAUGHTSMAN, mechanical, graduate, seven
years' experience, wants position; also em-
ployment during leisure hours making nice
drawings at reasonable rates. Box 3757,
Call office.
DRYGOODS. notion and hosiery salesman de-
sires a permanent position with wholesala
jobbing house; 6 years' experience: reference
furnished. F. L. LAWRENCE. 2024 Wool-
sey tit.. Berkeley. Cal.
DRUGGIST would like position In wholesale
drug house In laboratory: have been In re-
tail business 10 years: graduate and regis-
tered In four States. T. P. LAUFFER. 2024
Woolsey St.. Berkeley. Cal.
WATCHMAKER. Swiss, flrst-class. expert In
repeater and 'chronograph, own tools, wants
position In town or country: wages no ob-
ject. Apply V. P~ Do * 3489 - CttU office.
BRIGHT boy of 16 years, who has some ex-
perience with cutting knife, wishes to work
In shirt factory: can furnish best of refer-
. ences. Box 3795. Call.
MAN and wife (English): man flrst-class coach-
man etc.: wife good cook or housework; city
i Or country; personal reference. Box 3879.
Call office.
AMERICAN. 26 years old. some experience
with machinery, 6 years' experience In b««l-
ness desires a position not too confining at
reasonable salary. Box 3484. Call.
GARDENER wants situation; single, middle
aged. steady and obliging; references.
Gardener. 322 Third St.. room 33.
BOOKKEEPER, flrst-class in every respect,
under bonds, open for engagement June 1;
nothing under $90 considered. Box 3763, Call.
WANTED— Position by hustling young man tr>
work afternoons from 4 to 7 p. m. : any kind
of 'work at moderate wages. Box 3884, Call.
YOUNG man. well acquainted In city, owns
horse and light wagon, wishes position to de-
I liver. Box SS77. Call. .:¦;- ¦-•
MECHANICAL draftsman, good designer and
detaller, B years' experience mining sta-
tionary marine work, wants position or work
at home. Box 3494, Call.
BOY. 18 years, wishes position In grocery-
¦ references furnished. Box 3485, Call.
, 'WANTED— Position • an elevator boy: exoe.
i rienced. J. N. M., 1310 Pierce it., city.
LODGING IIOUSK8 jj FOH SAJ-B—Coa.
A. CAMERON _ CO., Phone South 1080.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
. All Kinds of Business Chances.
IBS rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure first-
class hotel; owner has othsr business ; part
caah: balance time.
37 rooms; cheap rent; elegant n*w building,
furniture and carpets; close In; clearing over
$200 per month; fine- chance to g«t flrst-class
house cheap.
63 rooms; best downtown transient house In
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; nns little apart-
ment-house; sickness ; must sell; snap; $600.
14 rooms; reasonable rent; newly decorated
and painted; beautiful new quarter sawed oak
furniture; Axminater and velvet carpets; 3
years' lease; part cash.
125 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class.
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nUhed; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close lo:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balanc* 8
per cent per annum; departure.
20 rooms; rent only $100; all new furniture;
doctor pays $85; clearing over all expenses
$100; best street In Oakland; will trade for San
Francisco house.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
good lease.
220 rooms; new and up-to-dats apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
31 rooms' near Market; cheap rent: mostly
new furniture and carpets; clean $150; can
be run permanent or transient; half cash;
balance time.
9 rooms: rent $30: Cal. st.; good fur. car-
pets; 3 rooms bring in $22; bal. landlady;
prlc* $300.
126 rooms; flne downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
22 rooms: rent only $80; new furniture and
carpets; 5 years' lease; clears $00 to $100 per
month; must sell account sickness; $1500.'
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has flne
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be said out of the house; other business
interests demand immediate departure. *
88 rooms; cheap rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished: new modern building* very central:
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
90 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture; swell downtown location; everything up-
to-date and flrst-class; flne opportunity to se-
cure high-grade proposition; must go East.
9 rooms; sunny flat; rent $50: oak, mahogany
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
¦180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house: cleRantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $60; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $S50.
105 rooms: cheap rent; flrst-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call fcr particulars.
128 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house: all men; electric, elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in tjje city.
19 rooms: rent only $100; well furnished: lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms: beautiful corner: 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
In city; call for terms and particulars.
8 rooms; flne upper flat: rent only $30: can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing ?400 per month: 5-year-lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
21 rooms: corner; rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpets, housekeeping;, all full: clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
50 rooms; new, modern apartment-house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent: clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-class proposition.
30 rooms; rent only $150: oak and cherry
fur.; flne carpets; close In; flne money-maker.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. 3d and Market sts. Phone Black 3607.
Hotels, Rooming & Apartment houses for sale.
NEW and modern; 86 rooms; 3 frontages; every
room sunlit; electric lights; long lease; 19
bay windows; permanent roomers; several of-
fices; $1611 profit in last 0 months, an aver-
age of $179 monthly; price $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
OWNER positively guarantees this 100-room
house full of roomers; Income $1097 in June;
total expenses $639; exact profit $458; build-
ing Is new and modern; furnishings are first
class; owing to 111 health owner must leave
here for Arizona. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDIDLY furnished; 24 rooms. large and
sunny; a corner In good location; the hang-
ings are dreams of loveliness, and everything
bae an air of refinement pleasing to well-bred
ladles; clears $104 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELLEST 48-room downtown roomlng-housa
in San Francisco; furnished 4 months ago
with the very best quality of mahogany
blrdseyo maple, velvet and axmlnster carl
pets; lease for 5 years: very central, on splen-
did corner; proof of $250 profit monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
18 SUNNY rooms; corner lodging-house In flne
location; completely furnished; rent only $50-
electric lights; very attractive.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SOMETHING flne on afcorner; 14 rooms, near
St. Francis Hotel; velvet carpets; good solid
oak furniture and clean; clearing over $60
per month; and furthermore, a. nice respect-
able house: $800 cash is all you need to pay
down, or will exchange for city lots
MARION QRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS rooming-house of 19 room*
clearing $106 monthly; fln« furnishings; sun-
ny side; flne view; nne lawn; must be sold;
don't fall to make an offer to
MARION QRIFFIN.
DISGRACE to be hard up?
Why. no, unless you neglect your opportuni-
ties. If you can pay $150 cash we can
sell you a house where you can mak* a good
living and pay off balance from profits In the
business. MARION GRIFFIN.
WE havo a $75,000 hotel proposition:
paying 15 per cent per annum on $7(1,000:
only $20,000 cash necessary to awing It: if
you have $20,000 at your command kindly
call for particulars. MARION GRIFFIN.
NO, this 41-roozn houss Is not high class;
but It's a great bargain and a money-maker; ]
the owner is sick In a hospital; In March
the Income was $189 over 'the rent; It was
newly furnished 18 months ago; th« leas*
hold runs for S yearn more; less than $2000
will buy It; make your own offer and terms
to . MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS: sunny corner; rent 1126.... $4500
10:) rooms; clears $350; low rent... $6500
80 rooms: furniture nearly new ..$3800
40 rooms; flne location, north of Market. $1000 '
40 rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $60.... $2900
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL A
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. >
NINE rooms; all full; must sell on account of
sickness. Inquire 212 Firth st.
60 ROOMS; sunny corner house; all outside
bay-window rooms; east, south and west ex-
posures; with lease; rare- opportunity; In-
vestlgate. Box 3481. Call office. v
FOR SALE— Lodging. house 27 rooms, nicely
furnished: on Stockton st.; rent low; lease.
Box 1930, Call -office. ~
LODGlNG-house, 21 rooms: nice location; in-
quire grocery. 1030 Folsom st. ;
NINE rooms; all full;. must sell on account of
sickness. Inquire 212 Fifth at.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnned.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.'
$1000 cash and service secure Interest and of-
fice of treasurer in an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can,
secure partnership in established . business In
this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORK
For sale; a hish-class business; long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire; will Invoice about $5000.
_GERMANIA INVENT. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$300 cash and services secure interest In es-
tablished office business paying $15 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest Investment and most
profitable enterprise In the city. We repre-
sent two> nf the largest incorporated companies
In S. F.. and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and office men who can invest a
email amount of cash with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $300 In a
high-class real estate office and flll position
of cashier; experience not necessary; invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed. •
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION! ~
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening In San Francisco? If so,
we can offer you any number requiring an
investment from 5100 to $30,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office must stand the closest Investigation,
and wo can place you In a Jtore, factory,
hctel, mill, otfice, or, In fact, any business
you may prefer.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
A— BANK and COMMERCIAL REFERENCES.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. t>27 Market st.
A— TEA AND COFFEE STORE.
$3500 will buy this store; well stocked with
tea. coffee and goods In that line; good loca-
tion; doing good business; established for
years; full investigation Invited. -
GERMANIA INVIIST. CO.. e27 Market st.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— PICKLING WORKS
For 6ale; factory completely equipped for
the manufacture of pickles, mustard, sau4r-
kraut. olives, salad oils and table condi-
ments; product sold in all parts of ths
United irtates; plant originally bought by a
Rentleman of means for his eon, who has
been found incapable of managing the large
business; cost 515,000, but no reasonable
offer will be refused.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market it,
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A — THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock ot the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth 5200 by August. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who Invested
any money in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. 550,000.
027 Market st., rooms 321. 322. 323, 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market Bt.
A HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room and 10 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice: 10 years' lease: $10,000; easy terms.
.GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A — WE refer to 1000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— A NEW THEATER.
A gentleman with $5000 cash, capable of act-
ing as cashier, can secure half interest In one
of the best small theaters on the Pacific
Coast; will pay h_tn $500 monthly: particu-
lar* only at personal interview at office of
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 105O.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors $200 to *i50O
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands .*3T>0 to J2000
Groceries and bars StiOO to $5000
Saloons $«no to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $:$00to$1000
Drug storefl $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
For sale — First-class legitimate mining
propcsltion that will bear strictest Investiga-
tion.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fln»
groves; 36-room hctel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables; all
kinds of fruit: rent $500 per year; equity In
this $2500; death In family cause of sale.
CAMERON Sc CO.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6% years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners In city; do-
ing fine business; other Interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOlt sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rrag.-hse. or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 6 acres Inside city
limits; one of best interior cities In CalifoT-
nla; house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; -rent
$30; clears $00 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account other business. CAM-
ERON&CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located grocery and bar; rent
only $25; sales $30 to $40 per day; price
$2000; snap. CAMERON _ CO., 8 Eddy st.
WANTED — To either buy a general merchan-
dlse store In a country town or will buy half
Interest with a good, live business man; state
full particulars. Box 3241. Call office.
$500— STEADY working man can secure In-
terest and position In manufacturing busi-
ness; good Falary; Investment fully secured;
references. Room 100. 1170 Market «t.
FOR sale — Wood, coal and feed yard In Oak-
land: a first-class location and good trade
Address box 3770, Call office.
A GREAT opportunity! If you have $500 to ln-
v?st now It will yield J1000 per year In five
yearn. C Eddy st.. room 08.
HOTEL. 40 rooms, to lease or exchange for
country town property; value $3000. Box
3473. Call office.
FOR SALE — 40-acre alfalfa ranch, stocked
with cattle, hogs and chickens; new house
and all Implements. Address box 3483. Call.
FOR SALE — Delicatessen store on a principal
street In a good business neighborhood Box
3235. Call office.
FOR eale — Restaurant. 1189 Oak st.. front ear-
hourt.
WANTED— To rent, hotel furnished. Address
with particulars box 1842, Call office.
FOR sale— The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town: B»nlcla. Cal. . *
TINE newspaper routs for sals. Inquire at
this office. .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth
Open until 11 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
united States or Canada one year for $1. •
LODGIACUOUSES FOR 9AXJR.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSF9
HOTELS. ETC, '
C. E. HINKLEY— PHONH MINT 786.
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH
Clear Titles on All Sales.
FORMER PATRONS MY Best References.
14 r. ; nice location: rent $45; price . $700
22 r.; elegantly furn.; lease; north Mkt. -offer
.25 r. : one floor; lease; rent $50 * $800
I X r.; flat; bargain; flne furniture. .$700
4t$ r.; two floors; rent $150; price $1600
14 r.: bargain; velvet carpets; rent.....'. .$55
S r.; flat; elegant furn.: price $t>25
40 r.: modern; rent $5 room; price... $4500
21S r.; apartments; clears $500; price. ..!$7000
SPECIAL — Modern cor. house, 42 rooms-
long lease; rent $5 25 room; bargain. C. E.
II I N IvI_»I"_ Y, .
COR. HOUSE — 46 rooms; downtown- will
trade for smaller house. HINKLEY ' 10°0
MARKET «t.
Call for list of exchanges, houses, flats
hotels, stc. Y
HINKLEY. 1020 Market St.. opp. Bth.
WANTED— Lodging-house of about 15 or 16
rooms, not to exceed $50. Address H. D
I ATHAN. 1235 California st.
EJIPLOYMEyr^WASTED-MAljE^
salary; can cook and pacK. !>"¦»•
Nt'RSE. graduate gaining school requires 3 H-
uation: six years' «P«riencd mental cas
first-class references. P. R..JI233_MarKet "¦
SOpER, reliable man. hoxmaker ha f ¦***"*
tools, wants a position In wholesale house.
will do any kind of work. 615 Larnln st. __
SITUATION as Janitor: first-class city «£
erencesT Address XV. T.. box o4.1. Call.
YOUNG man wishes position In shoe store.
Box 3791. Call office. ___^____________
A HOSTLER wishes a Jib In private stable.
2179 Call branch. 23h> Fill more. <
GARDENER. German, wishes situation; first
class In all branches. Box 3433. Call.
CHINESE, good cook, wants situation: house-
work, plain v.ashing. LEE GANG. 7o6 bac-
ran.ento st. ¦
A GOOD painter, paperhanger and tlnter wants
work; tools furnished. Box 3427. Call office.
CHINESE first-class cook wants position la
hotel, boarding-house or cannery in city.
Address L_ G.. 776 Clay St.. San Francisco.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position in
small family: speaks fine. Box 39?4. Call.
JAPANESE couple want situations In city or
country; man as cook, wife to do housework,
wait on table. OGAWA. 810'i Stockton »t.
klats to let.
aaX^hous^rentino department.
All desirable Aac_.at aoutn and fiats are list-
ed In our free renting department; over 100Q
In number: a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to tod a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Ca. 245-259 G«ary
St.. on the square.
BUENA VISTA. 1298 Halght St.— Elegantly
furnished front apartments, 4 rooms; sun all
day; most convenient and complete.
NEW flats. 5-6 r.. basement, yard; rent reas-
onable. 1434, 1458 Eighth ave.. Sunset:
south Golden Gate Park^
SUNNY flat of 3 rooms, yard and cellar In
rear of 911 Filbert St.; $9. Inquire baker
shop. 811 Filbert st.
3 NEW 6 and 7 rooms; sun all day; $22 50 and
$25. Walnut st., bet. Sacramento and Cali-
fornia.
A NEW modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; rea.
sonable to responsible party. 82S Harrison st.
CAPP. 426 — Elegant sunny flat of 7 rooms and
bath. Inquire at 428 Capp st.
CENTRAL ave., 71, nr. Halght— Sunny up-to-
date flat; 6 large sunny rooms and bath; $-".3.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms- 401 Oak st.. cor.
t*lHMIIIt
GROVE. 8, few steps from City Hall— Flat of
5 roomg and bath; rent $23.
LARGEST list of houses and~flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAii. 11« Montgomery st.
LOWER flat 110 and 114. and upper flat 118
Peary St.. near Third; water and ashes free.
LYON. 734. McAllister— Elegant modern
flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $30.
NEW modern 7-room flat; sun in every room.
325 Bartlett stre»t.
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath. 1730 Ellis
»t.. near Stelner.
WALLER. 573 — Modern upper flat, ft rooms
and bath: nicely decorated; r»nt $30.
$2.T — NEW. up to date. 5-B r.. sun. lis-hf. fln»
view. Le Roy place, nr. Sacto. and Jones.
$35-$42 50—7-8 r., fln« views and neighborhood,
light and sun. 25C9 Van Nesg and Union.
FI-AT3 TO LET — FLK.V1XIIED.
MUST rent at onca for 6 months: modern sun-
ny 7-room flat, elegantly furnished: in chotcn
location; rent at sacrifice to responsible par-
ty; references required. Box 3823, Call office.
GROVE. 1458 — Upper sunny newly furnished
flat of 6 rooms, piano, etc.; near Park; call
and see; reasonable; from 10 t6 3.
$30— SUNNT. elegantly furnished for hou«»-
keepir.g; piano; porcelain bath: 4 minutes'
walk from City Hall: no children. 332 Hayes.
GiART. 531— Cozlly furnished flat. G rooms;
t|^w; to rent or for sale; bargain.
FLAT, 5 rooms, furnished, bath, yard; refer-
ence. 70S Market st.. room ."12.
FLATS FOR V\LK Kl'H.\ IS1I ED.
OCTAVTA. 12R3 — Newly furnished corner flat;
all front-rooms; rooms full of boarders; party
going East; must sell.
FOR sale— 2 cozily rurnished flats. Apply T.
J. DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market. Callaghan bd.
SUTTER, 1009 — A snap; $550. cost $1200. t»
furnish 7-room house: new; lease; low rent.
FIRMTIRE FOR SALE. ~
BUREAUS. $4 50; matting, 10c: Iron beds, $2;
H. W. beds, fl; woven wire mattresses from
$1 50 up. Anderson Auction House, 19 Turk.
FURNITURE for\ sale; $73 worth for $7 3©
down and $1 30* per week. BRILLIANTS,
840 Post st.. near Powell.
VERY nicely furnished flat of 5 rooms; all eak
furniture; $200. 631B Minna st.
FlUMTURE WASTED. ~~
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, of flee fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc. ; tel. Larkln 3631. 634 Ellis.
HEM' WA.\TED-FEMALE.
WANTED — 14 first-class German. Scandinav-
ian and American cooks, no wash, $35, X40
and $50; hotel laundress for resort. $30: Ger-
man cook for baker's help, no pastry. $30;
neat young girl, general housework. Belve-
dere, $30: German or Scandinavian girl,
plain wash. Berkeley, $35: Protestant girl,
housework. Mill Valley. $30; German cook.
Summer resort. Sonoma County. $35: German
girl, general housework. 3 in family, no
wash. $35; flrst-class laundress, private fam-
ily. Menlo Park. $30: German nurse and sec-
ond girl. $25: flrst-class nurss. $23: 4 second
girls. $20 an>i $25; 5 cooks, plain wash. $3O;
IS girls, general housework. $25 and $30
Aptly to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
WANTED— Chambermaid and laundress, coun-
try resort, very fine place. $25: also waitress,
same place. $25; waitress for the springs.
$25: 4 waitresses, restaurants. $7 and $3 per
week. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. S34
Sutter st.
A WAITRESS for small family. San Rafael.
$30. see lady 11 to-day; a cook for an Ameri-
can family. $40; a laundress for a private
family. $30; a woman to wash and Iron and
care for house in family's absence. $40; a
cook for 7 men, Alameda. $30: 3 waitresses
private famines, country. $30 each: 50 housed
work girls, city and country. $25. $.10 and
$35. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st
near Powell.
A COOK. $40: wattrr**, Menlo Park. $n^T;
nurse. 2 children. $-10; 4 honseRirl.i. $:n>each- I
2 second girls. $25. MRS. NORTON 313
Sutter st. -
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng?
manicuring, etc.; trs.de taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to these entering now; 3 po-
sitions to flll Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 cer week ud: leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; po«itions as trimmers,
ealesiadles. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up-
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. U,
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslns
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 123tt Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 04: positions securer!
at highest wages: day and eve, class: call.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters'
at home, evenings or spare time and return
to us; no mailing or canvassing: $J> weekly
earned: materials fr<?»: inclose seir-aildress'-it
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co
No. S 4. Ninth St.. Philadelphia. Pa
' — — — — —
YOUNG lady for office work wanted: must
write a arood hand and be quick at figures-
state experience and salary expected | n i e »t»r
In your own handwriting to bos 39T.7, Call.
WANTED— An experienced alteration hand on
cloaks and suits; one who understands fit
tins. Apply at HALE BROS'., bet. » and
11 A. m.
FIRST-CLASS jacket hand wanted Arrol-»
superintendent's of flee, the Emporium.
GIRL for general housework. Apply ****.
i Clay it., cor. Buchanan.
AUTOMOBILES.
WANTED — An automobile, to seat 4 persons.
In first-clays running order; »tate make,
power, price askrd. etc. Kox 1SS0. Call.
AN automobile (Hambler) for sale: In good
running order. Ecu ."244. Call office.
CADILLAC automobile for sale. Address box
38C5, Call o'fice.
WANTED— Small automobile must be reas-
onablp. Bos 34 ".0. Call office.
ASTHMA JEMEDY.
A Ei Nola's A«thma Remedy relieves lnstant-
ly: lCc. 25c. 50c. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas
BOAltDIXG FOlt CHILUREX.
WANTED— Bv an experienced woman, an In-
fant to board. Tcr particulars Inquire 211
Seventh «t., near Howard.
pps|y g^ cHAjycEai '(
All'rmUGSTORE-^druEStore— drugstore; price |
fi5<x}; established >T years; lease 5 years; |
rent *60; one of the beet paying stores In this
rity: o«n*r to retire. Call R. C-. WILKE. |
2«»4 Keir-y **¦ !
A — SPOO: BUTCHER shop on Mission «t. : rent
JIG; <i»i!y iecei&ts ?D5; kept by oiraer o
vears" proprietor to nee eKDOSition In St.
Lou!* cauie cf sale. B. G. WILKE. 20',.
Kearny ft.
A— 1100; CORNER saloon with 7 rooms oa
Hi-ysnt et. ; rent 550; place surrounded by
factories ar.d warehouses; a Rood business.
t:a!l H. G. WILKE. "OH Kearny »U
A— $1000; HOARDING aad rooming house; 30
rooms, kilohen ani dining-room. 37 beds.
gci.cl furniture, lease, place paying well. See
n. P. WILKE. SSH Kearny St.
A— $.'.00; PARTNER wanted la chophouse and
coff<e saloon: open d«y and night; a flr-t-
cla?s proposition. See R. G. WILICfcJ, 20'j
Kearny &u f
A— $1*500; DAIRY depot and route: dally sales
f>0 cans: S horses. 4 wagone, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owr.er 15
years; a good-pay lr.g investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26U Kearny st.
A— $500: BUTCHER shop: ettab. years; all
cash trade; $40 per day; rent $20; best lo-
cation; a bargain: owner must leave. See
R. G. WILKE. _»% Kearny St.
A— $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
store witli 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location:
good bufclnei*. See R. G. WILKIE, _•«*_
Kearny st.
A — $5500: ONE of the best meat markets In this
city: 5 years' lease; rent $50; weekly eales 5
cattle. 5 calves. 5 hog*. 25 sheep; m tplendid
location. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $20CO; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150: lease; place estab-
lished year*: firet-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20^4 Kearny st.
A— SSOO: SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk sts.;
rent $50; this is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a worklngman's place;
rare chance. See R. G. WILKE, 2CV4 Kearny.
$3000 — GROCERY and bar, on Fourth st.. about
1 block from Market et. ; lease; good paying;
established years; sickness only cause of
sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; RESTAURANT in San Rafael; daily
receipts $25; rent $.'10; must be sold at once;
good place. See R. G. WILKE. 2«V 3 Kearny.
A — $1000; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
•tore; close to Market st. ; daily receipts
about HO; rent $45; good business; value In
eight. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny 6t.
A— $5000: CORNER grocery and bar; cash
busmes*: store receipts about $60 per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
caah or trade lor property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearny st.
A— $2600; CORNER grocery and bar. on Powell
St.; 5 years' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and first-class paying; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^. Kearny st.
A — $5000; THE leading caloon in manufacturing
town of about 5000 inhabitants; 5 years'
lease; rent $S0; full value in Eight: first-class
pa vine- business; about 25 miles from S. F.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny et. '
A— $750; SALOON on Montgomery st. ; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month; investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $30OO; CORNER saloon; cloee to Call bldg.-.
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this is one of
the best saloon locations in this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A— $1100; SALOON. wl'Ji 3 rooms; cloee to
Kearny and Bush sts. ; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26>-i Kearny st. /
T. J. DUNN 4c CO.. phone Howard 346S.
BUSINESS SALES AGENTS.
1312 MARKET ST.
NOW is the time to buy; our system brings the
buyer and seller together quickly; try us once.
ROADHOUSE grill and~cafe7 beautifully lo-
cnted. handsomely furnished; 5- year lease;
rent $50; partners disagree; a snap; $2500.
See DUNN.
CLEANING and dyeing works for sale; estab-
lished 50 y«-ars; present owner 24 years; run-
ning full capacity: pays $500 clear; all com-
plete: owner retiring; another snap; $6500.
See DUNN.
CIGAR store near new Postofflce; price re-
duc»d: invoice $178. See DUNN.
DERMATOLOGIST parlors; established 10
years: 'loing good business; $200 stock; fully
furnished and equipped; will teach; good
reasons; $500. See DUNN.
GOLDEN STATE REALTY CO.
Quick, sure, reliable; we buy, sell and ex-
change anything and everything.
A few of our good propositions:
23 r.. Market st.. 2-year lease $1800
17 r.. North Market, lease, rent $75 $«50
3r. r., snap, well furnished $S5(>
6 r.. flat, elegantly furnished $200
Cigar stand, rent $25 —
Near 4th and Market sts $100
Candy store, rent $40—
Good location, clears $125. price $800
And hundreds of other good businesses of all
kinds: call and see us.
3 Fourth St.. phone Black 6818.
$1800. $1300. ~ $1300.
SALOON—
Building included.
Ground rent $50. Net rent $5
Full values. —
GOLDEN GATE INVEST. CO.. 759 Mkt. st.
$900 CASH will purchase the best meat mar-
ket of its size In city; has 4 good living
rooms, too; rent only ?30; good location;
north of Market Bt.: horse and wagon; every-
thlnk complete; O K: must be sold: making
money, etc. Particulars with my only
agents at 14 McAllister st.. room 10.
$300 SECURES half Interest in commission
office whereby party can easily clear $126
monthly; must have references, also mean
business; experience not necessary. Partlcu-
lnra 10O7 1 4 Market St., room 1.
$275 — NO more, no less; fine chance for man
and wife or 2 partners; oyster and chop
house; rent S12 50 per month; living room*.
Apply 2825 Sixteenth st.
FOR rent — Charming mineral springs resort ho-
tel: furnished; lovely grounds; white sulphur
baths. Box 3418. Call office. - *
ART store; elegant location; fully equipped for
framing; nice uteadr business; $1800; no
agents. Box 3470. Call.
DRUGSTORE: good location; well stocked up;
nice fixtures; doing good, steady business;
great opportunity for doctor. Box 3909, Call.
"WANTED — A gentleman who will advance
$1000 to build a house; write for particulars.
T. 8., box 3806. Call office.
SMALL good-paying country hotel; a bargain.
Diamond Hotel. Black* Diamond, Contra
Cotta County. Cal. ¦
BULLETIN route for eale. Inquire 2315 Pine
street, city.
$1900 — CHOPHOUSE : established 8 years; good
business; 3 years' lease. 419 Bush st.
$1275 — RESTAURANT; best In town: fine, loca-
tlon; sxcellent trade; receipts $1400 per
mo.; expenses $235 per mo.; meals 60e and
up; no union help; overstrain of business
cause of sale. D. L. JUNGCK, 2111 Shat-
tuck ave.. Berkeley.
FOR sale — A dairy ranch of about 1800 acres,
well stocked with high-bred cattle and all
appliances necessary for a dairy ranch;
everything in complete running order. Ad-
dress box HOCS, Call office.
SALOON for sale, or partner wanted; small
capital required. 513 Howard st.
FOR SALE — Hay and grain business. Box
3435. Call office.
$350 — PART cash; downtown coffee and. lunch
place; owner nick. Box 3857, Call. ..
FOR tale — At sacrifice, Greth's airship stock.
Box 3700, Call office.
A RESTAURANT worth $1000 goes for $260
tills week. Box 3S0O, Call office.
OYSTER arid chop house for eale. «03i_ Post
St.; s->e proprietors 10 to 3,
FOR sale — Cheap: notion and school supply
store. Apply IS08 Railroad- ave..- Alameda,
HORSERADISH grinding and delicatessen bus.
cheap; good reason for selling. 2401 Mission.
JOKXT D. S_?SSCKXX.S. Proprietor.
%v7T.'liARTIxT. . ¦ . . Business Manager
TEN DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office If You Miss
Your Paper.
If Jor «*y can** THE CAiH i« not de-
livered 1 rear— arly to unbscribew pleas*
•all up "CALL EXCHAHSE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in cbarsre. "STour eom-
jjlalat will receive prompt attention.
A BtanflUisr reward ct Tan Dollars
fSlO.OC) It offered for th» arrert aad
cpnvicticn cf a_y oae eauciit steaim*
THE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
A»k for THE CALL. The Operator "Will Con-
riect Yea With the Department You Wiin.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. T.
Kflltortal Room* 217 to _il Stevenson st. |
1 -eliTered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week. 7i j
• Cti. Par Month. Sirgle Copies 5 Cts
Terms by Mall. Including Postage <C»sh v»un
JTAILT CALL tinclud* Sunday). 1 year **•!*{
DAILY CALL (icelud. Sunday). 6 mo« *ir" i
JZ'AILY CALL— By Sing:* Month • j* |
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Yeax *•£>
WEEKLY CALL 1 Year im
f Dailv...$S.8O Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J g und 'av. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. L Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS AKE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
(Sample Cepie« -.vill be forwarded when ra-
cueeted.
Mail •ubscriberF in ordering change of ad-
*r«_» should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
rrempt an- correct compliance with their re-
V-e»t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broaflway Telephone Main 10B3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Onter S:reet Telephone North 77
"WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAifUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEtV TOHK NEWS STANDS:
tVaJflorf-ABtorla Hotel: A- Brentano. 31
t":..cn Square: Murray Hill Hotel. Flfth-ave-
rur Hotel end Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. C. News Co.; Great
.Vrrtbens Hctel; Tremoct House; Auditorium
He til; Palnier House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C GEORGE KROGNESS. .Marquette Building
'Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. "SMITH U0 Tribune Building
" ¦• NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAPJ^TON Herald 6o.uare
BfSTNESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third street? ; open
until 12 o'clock every nisrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
LOOK Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
t-Z~ Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 V- m.
T.O» liayes ptrf-et: open until 9:30 p. m.
t'ZU. McAllister Ftreet; open until $>:30 p. m.
«:15 Larkln street; op^n until 9:30 p. m.
19*1 Mission street : open until 10 p. m.
22C1, Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ustil 9 p. in.
J06 EOcreotli stn^: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia Btreet; or>en until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
Ncrthweet corner of Twenty-»ec£pd and Ken-
tucky etrcew; open until 8 p. m.
ZZOO FlJlmorc ctreot; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
IX) R THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating: a
chanjre of residence durlnir the trammer
¦ninths can hare their caper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify-
ing- TEE CALL Business Office. Thie
paper will also be oa sale at all summer
retorts aad is represented by a local
atreat la all towns on the coast.
Mi:i;iix. notices.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5 R. A. M.. «
will nwt THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- VV
ING. May 17. at 7:^0 o'clock. Stated
meeting: and R. A. degree. By order
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, gee.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and _
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TCES-VY
DAY* EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third
degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. O
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) 'W
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
A. S. HCBBARD. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON-S Lodge No. 260. F. W
ani A. M.. 1S.T3 Fillmore st. — Second VV
.i'Srr* THIS TUESDAY) EVENING />r\
at 7:30 o'clock.
• HARIiY BAEHR, Secretary.
BTABR KING Lodge Xo. 344. f. and _
A. M. — Officers and members are""*/^*
• hereby notified to attend the funeral
of Brother HYMAN LABELL, late a
member of Santa Rosa Lodge £7. from Kinr
J^olomon's Hall. Masonic Temple TO-DAY
• TUESDAY*, at 10 o'clock. Funeral com-
' mittees pleas* take notice. By order of the
W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
VNITETJ Artlsane' Assembly ¦ ~"
No. 200. meets in Red Men's /^TTw*
Hall. 81'n Poet et.. EVERY Iff /\f»
TUESDAY at 2 p. m. Arti- 'Y / F >ftfifi
'Kir. pleaee attend. MRS. ri* X. * \Wt
.TENNTE McE. (iAI,- '•v/ZTTTsiY
RREATH. Assistant Grand XX* C \|
Master. *A T~ J j/f,A
NATIONAL Union. Callfor- \_"rr~r
n:» Council, meet? TO- >g*if_5____«!^_.
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall, ¦ "iV.S»y|
Fourth st.. at S o'clock.
Vieiting friends cordially invited: Initiation.
Br order C. BENDEL, President.
C. H. VAN ORPEN. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Bankara' In-
' vestment Company will be held at the office
«>f the company, at the Nevada National
• Bask of Saa Francisco, on THURSDAY. June
2. 1904. at 3 o'clock p. m., for the purpose
ot electing a board of director* to senre for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
__ *"*' * W ' HELLMAy JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEEl'ING — The i-egular annual
meeting of the stockholders of th« Olympic
Salt Water Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market street. Ban
Francisco, Ca!.. on Monday the 23d day of
Mt; , 1904. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. rn..
for the purpoee of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the trannactlon of kuch other business as may
come before the meeting. TranFfer books will
cloee on Friday. May 12th. 1&04, at 3 o'clock
p. m. CHARLES A. GIBSON. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United State* or Canada ore year for $1.
' AGENTS W.VVTE0.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
is worth havir.g. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
AGENTS wanted; women and men; city or
country. P-an-ada* Mod. Co.. 318 Grant ave.
GENTLEMAN looking for a lucrative pocltlon
cs orornoter find opportunity R. 69, 6 E'AJr
ATTOR.\EY8.AT.LAW.
A .rUIVATE, quick divorce for cmal! fee.
See me and rave money; no pay In advance.
*}. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
rSstublirtied _*2 yrs.; ran. 1. 2. Z. 4 & S.let fL,
3 1_2 Mark«t *t., between Mar on and Taylor.
Advice fie* all matters. Def«ctives employed.
'It. V»\ KING. Attcrney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
f.th floor, entrance room flll; established 20
T'ttrs; aifcasp?, general court and office prac-
tice: no fMt fn advance or for consultation •
"-.enlrg-s by appointment. Tet. Red 3601.
DIVORCE—- Corts. $12; quick, quiet;' advice
free; all law business; no chanje unless suc-
cessful; open evening;.. 327 Market, room 301.
ADVICE fr^: divorce costs |12; no fees or
coet» In advance; ell lavr business; office
open Saturday evenings. £19 Market st., r. 31.
DIVORCE che2p, speedily, quietly: call oa us
*ere goinzt els'wJiere. Phone James C221;
vein 41, ni'j Market st., opposite Emporium.
DIVORCES law a specialty; no puolic-ity; advice
froe; certs $12 Ad. B.A.f?.. P.O. box 21»9. S. K
\Ji S. CLARK. r>27 Market St.; consultation
frte: no fer* in advance; open cvcnlnss.
A WEEK'S news for & cenUi — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, m wrapper, for mailing, f 1 per year. ,
¦P1RITCAXI9BL . __¦_
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
A business medlm. read dally $1; devpg class
Thurs. 8 pm. 107 Tayior.r.27; tel.Jessle 3436.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. ?
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and Hie
reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
nlght.. 10c; readings dally. 619 McAllister.
W.' G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
1 except Sat.; 10c; sit. 10 to B. 148 Sixth st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis St.. readings
dally; phone Sutter 3994/
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
, ¦late-writer. 1113 Eddy st Phone Scott 887.
. CLAIRVOYANTS,
¦ ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings tills week for
$1 II $1 $1 $1 $1 91 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever. In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge It I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tel". you If
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; who and
when you will marry: how to gain the love of
the one you desire: "In fiact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
1 the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power lmplaated In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures: gives you success
In life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services. -"
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
826 OTarrell «t.— 326.
THB FUTURE REVEALED.
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
A — For a reliable and Intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 428 Eddy st.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you . wish to know. ,
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you. find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
live you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice. «
Permanently located 428 Eddy St.; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented, or not. satisfied with life, or
. have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
MME.PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
50c, g. by cards $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
elt., $1 50. 312 Mason St.. near Geary.
A — Miss M. Wille, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion, names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young.glfted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 60c, g. $1. "14 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave
MADAM FRTE — Clairvoyant, medium: past,
present future; specialty of love affairs, mar-
riages and divorces. 1206 Mkt.. r. 40. 3d fl.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me.good readings
25c. 721 FranklIn.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard, bet.4th£5th.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date
and facts; readings dally.' 917 Market st.
MME. 'WALTERS, great card reader; la. S5c;
gents 50c. 951 Mivston st.,nr. 6th; open. Sun.
ISMAR, the celebrated Egyptian seeress, will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23% 6th: 1. 25c. g. 60c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26% Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. lfi now ot 817 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tlngn daily 44S% Jessie »t.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAItPET 13 E ATI JfG **"> CM^E AJM[ Jt Q.
COMPRES8ED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
also cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co.. 308 Market st. ; phones Main
152 and Bush 478. .
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st. clean-
lng & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rleon st. ; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone Eaat 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co..402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO.^WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlgslon 263
CAFB NOME.
TICKET of flee for all points lrT Alaska. C. F.
MOORE, 927 Market st.. room 309. First
steamer May 21: $75 first class.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ' ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montromery. room* !M0: tel. Main 5590.
CTTRES KPPTTOB. __^
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market st.: $100; rupture
cure for S10: circular explains: sand for one.
CI.OTHINO a-HTOVATiyCr.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon March*, 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Dmmm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COTTAGKS FOR SALE.
COZY cottage: 6 rooms, bath; modern; warm
belt: lot 30x122:6. Call 1016 Shotwell st.
~~~ ~~ DENTISTS. — —
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrn.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;fllllnga.25o.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist r.14 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings, :76c: silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.Q.B.Hewitt.204 Suttr.
DKESS.UAKHHS AND SEAMSTllESSUJ.
ACCORDION, sunburst and - knlfe-plaltlng.
Stewart" n button and buttonhole factory, 110
Taylor st.: tel. Folsom 2121.
MeDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery Hchool
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL ~
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study ¦ In ¦ the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 901-
925 Golden Gate ave.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, toueh typing. !
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; established IS years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free. *
A LARGER and better school than ever: enter
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
• shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st. _____
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo. ;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 823 Halg-ht it, t
\ ' J 1 A M D I 1 \/ (T^ D C C I I WITH EQUAL FACILITY BY PLACING
lOU V>A1N t)U 1 \J\\ JCLL - THE RIGHT SORT OF AN ADTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MAY 17, 1904.
17
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1113 BROADWAY.
OAK LAX O REAL ESTATE.
BELDKN'S BARGAINS.
$]rc>o — An elegant elevated site for a home;
I see that choice lot. 40t11.">. in beautiful Col-
lege Heights. 34th and Webster sts.
$4400— Pretty K-ronm home in Linda Vista;
all new and lot 37x119.
$365 and $T52 50 monthly — Handsome new T-
room house, now being completed, on lot 33:4
xlCK>; on Sycamore st.. near Telejrraph ave. ; la
the beautiful Merrell property; to be finished
in curly redwood, whitewood and birdsey*
maple, with tiled bathroom; electric service
and every thing up-to-date and price low
enough to surprise you.
$325ft— Nice 7-room cottage and lot. 41x123.
on Filbert st.. near 12th.
$3100 — 11 per cent income Investment and
good speculation: fine flats with 50-foot lot:
splendidly located; near San Pahlo ave.: ia
rapidly advancing district: rent $*-7 and can
be increased; might consider good lot in part
payment.
$150i>— Executor's ?al»; good 5-roora cottage
and lot. 2Sxll5. on Chestnut St., near 10th;
worth $20*X> easy.
$2500 each — Only 2 more left of ta?s» Jonea
estate cottages on Jones St.. bet. Telegraph
ave. and Grove st. : right in heart of city; 8
rooms and bath; lots 30x100. and the best
bargains ever offered. BELDEN, real est&ts,
1112 Broadway. Oakland.
I OWN AND MUST SELL. AS I HAVE GOT
TO GET SOME MONEY IMMEDIATELY AND
WILL MAKE A GREAT SACRIFICE ON THE
PRICE OF ONE OR ALL OF THE FOLLOW-
ING DESCRIBED PROPERTIES IN OAK-
LAND:
First — 4S0 Edwards st.. east of Telegraph
ave. ; lot 50x125; frontage south; new colo-
nial 7-room house: never been occupied.
Second — 391 Twentieth at.. betweea
Broadway and Franklin., near business
center and narrow gauge station: 7-room
house: 43 feet frontage; strictly up to date
and will rent for $42 50 per month.
Third— 2139 Chestnut st.. between Thirty-
second and Thirty- fourth; only fqur blocks
to the Key Route station: lot 27x127: drive,
way: C rooms, high basement, combination
gas fixtures, open ptsmbtac two mantels:
only $500 cash, balance mortgage; key n*xt
MY NAME AND ADDRESS IS ON EACH
HOI'SE. ANY REASONABLE OFFKR WILL
NOT BE REFUSED. AS I MUST HAVE
MONEY.
$50O— $10 MONTHLY: cottar* of 3 rooms:
good barn and stable: chicken houses and
fine chicken run; assorte'l family orrhari in
full bearing: fine well of water; fall 1, acre
rich sandy loam soil: near fin* school and
electric car lin<\ church and town hall; a
lovely action away from fops *n<l winds.
adjAlninsr Kast Oakland; price $!25O; this Is
a fin* lick ur>. Call or send for circular.
4.V» Seventh, or?. Broadwa* Station. <«k-
land: carr'.aee free. H. Z JONES, owner.
THE RUSTIC BUNGALOW, so «dd and com-
plete that it Is the talk of the city; KW.
corner of I3th ave. and E. 2Sth st. ; 8 rooms
and 2 baths; exterior Bni«hed- in redwood
lojts and clinker bricks; large lot; beautiful
marine view: space too expensive to extnll
Its many different qualities: s<»»lng Is be-
lieving: oven for inspection daily; terrcs only
$1000 cash: balance mortgage.
J S. MYERS.
10f>2 BROADWAY.
C. K. MARSHALL NOTARY AND REAL
FlSTATF.
HAS REMOVED TO 107* BROADWAY.
NEW 7-room furnished house; S minutes' walk
from Key route depot. Apply 831 Thirty-
fifth «t.. Oakland.
$lK-o BUYS house and lot. 103 4th st. Owner.
755 Jackson St.. corner 4th at.
A TVFT-K'S news fcr 5 cents — The Weekly Catt.
OAKLAND FUR.MSIIED BOUSES.
DESIKABLE, modern home: furnished: S
rooms; for July. Aug.. Sept.: no children;
refs.; call 10 to 12 a. m.. 1115 Adeline St..
near Twelfth.
OAKLAND STOKES TO LET.
PART of store, suitable for business or office;
also basement. 12;:.'. Broadway.
OAKLAND Ft.n..f ITtKB FOR 9ALB.
TO-MORROW th* day for bargains in fural-
tu»* H. Sebellhaaa.llth *t..cnr. Man. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert isemts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL sunny; best in city; 3 or 4 rm». 7 furnished
or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS. 13eo Sacramento St., near Larkin.
AUSTIN ave.. 102, Bush and Pine sts., off
Polk — 2 furnished housekeeping roctaa and
bath. * 1
ELLIS. 611 — 2 connecting moms; g&3 range,
running water, bath and phone.
FKLL, 222 — Three nicely furnished front
rooms; central.
FRANKLIN. 42O— Nicely furnished housek»ep-
ins rooms.
GUERRERO. 830. bet. Twenty-first and Twen-
ty-second — Three furnished rooms for house-
keeping; no children.
HAIGHT. 3—2 front rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; folding bed: gas range; water.
HAIGHT. 21S — Luxurious housekeeping ruoma
to let: finely furnished.
HOWARD. 737H — Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; from $1 25 up.
JESSIE. 323 — Sunny bedroom, furnished, neat
and clean. $1 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartment*. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished .">-room suites; ste&m heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LA BRANCH House. 1220 Powell st.. cor. Pa-
cific — Nice furnished rooms to let; also
housekeeping: $1 a w*ek and up.
LARKIN. S17S — Nicely furnished sunny »f rent
room; folding bed; gaa stove; reasonable. "
MARKET, 2008 — Two large sunny furnished
front rooms for housekeeping.
OAK. 117— Extra suite 3 rooms, $20: singte. $3
to $3; gas range; hot bath; laundry; adults.
POLK, 612 — $14; bedroom, kitchen, gas stove.
bath; large front ftilte. housekeeping-, reas.
POLK. 1402 — Sunny housekeeping rooms; gaa
and bath free; reasonable.
SAN JOSE ave., 573 — 3 sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms, with bath; reasonable.
SECOND.. 212 — Furnished for housekeeping;
also other room $; reasonable; no children.
SIXTH, 436»i — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
double or single: in quiet family; rent cheap.
STOCKTON. 1206— Single and double house-
keeplng rooms; $3. $12: baths: sunny; gas.
TAYLOR. 604, corner Geary — Suite of 3 room*
housekeeping, outside rooms: well furnished
and clean; or single rooms.
TAYLOR. Oil — Large room, folding bed. tras
rs.ng*. $12,; 1 room, gas range. $7 50 and $6 Ml
TWENTY-FIRST. 3428— Flat. 3 rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; yard.
VALENCIA. 822 — Suites of 2. 3 or mor* sunny
comer furnished housekeepine rooms, with
• gas and electric light.
AJABTurxarr HOirexa.
A — CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
1084 SUTTER ST.. NK. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and.
bath each: all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST.CECILE. 113 Fell.above Van Ness ave.— Thi
atrne cf perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished S-room apartments. with private baths,
steam heat, electric Iis;ht.elevator. gas nngss;
$30. $35. $37. $40, $43. $47 50. $50. $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1375 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-3
rooms; fum. or unfurn.; refs. Tel. East 1S5O.
.ADVERTISEMENTS. snb«crlptlon9 received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
A BRANCH of Hce of The Call for the rsceptlon
of advertisements and subscriptions has b«*n
opened at 10C« Market St.. opposite Firth.
Or>*n until 11 n. ra.
KOO.11S TO 1.KT — Fum. and Vntar*.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S 8ixth St.— P.oora*
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT -The Almonte." S7.1 Market st. <or No. »
Fifth st.>— Rooms. 23c. 60c. $1. $1 SO nignt;
$1 60 to $10 week: house open all night.
BUCHANAN. &J7— Front sunny alcove and
kitchen; bath and phone; rent reasonable.
BI T RNETT~1426" Market (old No. 13«4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2O4 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY 1254 — 3 cr 4 unfurnished rooms jtn
perfect condition: sink, stationary tubs; rea-
sonable^
FELL. 82* — Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath. *a»; beard If desired: prlvat? family.
Continued on Page Kixhteen, \
REAL KSTATE CITY—FOR SALE.
BALDWIN Sc HOWELL.
25 POST 8T.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
Rents Collected— Loans Negotiated.
Ctty Agents for Flremsn'« Fund Insurance Co.
Publishers of the "Buyer and Seller." a
monthly paper devoted to the interest of Real
Estate owners and those intending to Invest.
Contains a full list of property for sale. Free
1 on application.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
Marine view loU on Vallejo, Green. Brode-
rick and Baker sts.: lot any slxe; terms to
eult, prices frcm $1750 up.
Level lots on Hayes Fell and Broderlck sts.;
25x137:6 each; suitable for flats or residences;
price $2500 and up.
Broadway, north side, near Hyde; 5 lota;
25x137:6; $4125 each.
Bush st.; cheap lot; size 21x57:6; bargain
at $1500.
Baker st.; corner lot; near entrance to
Golden Gate Park; 30x87; price $4000; also 8
Inside lots on Baker st. at $100 a front foot;
flats pay well here.
Splendid marine view block; to be sold mm a
whole: nothing finer to be had; 275x412:6;
$225,000; Broadway and Devlsadero; overlooks*
bay; unsurpassed view. • »
California- st. lot. near Jonea; 25:0x137:0:
$12,760.
Central ave.. cor. Fulton: 40x83 :»; choice
i for a new building; price $4500.
Clay st.: Precidlo Heights horn* lot; fin* ex-
posure both aid**; 33xlC2:Stt; $4500.
Large lot right down town; auitable for
apartment-house; double, frontage; 27:6x120;
Fulton St.. near Larkin; nothing to b* had in
this district; price only $S00O. #
Cheap lot on Filbert st.. near BrotJerlek 23
xl37:6. with large L 29x95 to Presidio St..
making - lots; $2600.
Montgomery-st. corner lot: runs through to
rear street; 25x56:3; price $600.
Gough near Green; 27xlCO; $4500.
Halght st.. near Clayton; 25x100; $3300.
Jackson, near Walnut; 25x100; $3000.
Lombard, near Van Ness; 27:6x137:8; price
$2500; another lot, 25x100; price $2250.
Three lots on Lombard -st. boulevard, near
Devlsadero; 25x137:6; $1450 each.
McAIllster-st. corner lot; 26:6x98:6; near the
Park; $12C0.
Oak st. SW. corner Btelner; 110x102; $20,000;
Oak. near Lyon. 25x110; $3500.
Sacramento. SW. corner Locust, 87:8x100:
$5125.
Parnassus Heights. Sunset. Richmond Dis-
trict and Ocean Beach property on easy pay-
ments.
$9500 — Great sacrifice; elegant marine view
residence on Masonic ave.. containing II
rooms, bath, hardwood fioors. etc. ; large lot.
35x106; house only 6 montha old.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post st.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lets la th*
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level; bo
grading to do; ready to build your llttla hotas
oa; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WJHTE.
26 Montgomery st., room 0.
J1ST.0 — NEW cottage. 5 r. and b. : San Jose ave.
*2350 — New cottage. 6 r. and b. ; San Jose ave.
$2600 — New cottage. 7 r. and b. : San Jose ave.
Small payment down, balance like rent.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
$1400 — NEW modern cottage. 4 rooms and
bath: $200 cash, balance $15 per month.
8316 Mission st.
BUILD your unimproved realty: we loan full
coat Improv. and part lot at 0%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath. Call between
11 a. m. and 1 p. in.. 802 Shotwell st.
ALL work guaranteed first class .*>y ALH-
BACH A MAYER. Plumbers. 838 Howard st
REAL ESTATE— Cons fry — Par Savl*.
6227 ACRES. Merced River, Merced County.
Cal., appraised by court at $71,000. assessed
by County Assessor at $40 000, offered for
$50,000; 1 to 4 years' time, 6 per cent: 900
acres level grain, fruit and alfalfa land; 4327
acres rolling, crazing- and grain land; Mer-
ced River passes through land; 000 acres can
be irrigated, water free; no royalties: im-
provements good: school one mile, church
and town three miles: on direct road to Yo-
semite; must b« sold to close estate: a bar-
gain; the profits from these lands made the
former owner rich; fine rains, everything
green and growing now. See maps and pho-
to* at Punnett Bros., San Francisco. Address
J. W. KNOX. Attorney-at-Law. Merced. Cal.
GREAT bargain—Rich. Irrigated farms; big
canal; free water ri#ht: very cheap; easy
terms; home*eeker*a opportunity. c. H.
WOOSTER CO.. 845 Market st
. '
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards* Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent fre*. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st.
POULTRY farms; small tracts; Sonoma Coun-
ty; l i cash; fare from San Francisco. $1 05.
PETERS A BAINE9. 116 Montgomery st.
HAW MATEO REAL ESTATE.
CORNER lot. 50x150; desirable location; bar-
galn. Apply P. L. NOISAT. San Mateo. Cal.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
LAST chance — $5 monthly; lots any tract; first
price, first choice; near sites bought for fac-
torle». etc A. W. BELL. 211 Montgy.. 8. V.
BTORAGC AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods etored. moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
A— GILBERT A STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 353 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W, Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FlUmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1340. Shipping at cut rates.
BPECIALIgTH.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. C<>4 Sutter st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
_ AIAJagaA MAL ESTATZ.
FOR sale; sacrifice; party leaving country;
hcuae In Alameda; $2200. 1239 Pearl st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
CLEMENT ave., 2103 — Sunny front room;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; Willow sta- ¦
tlon. _^
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE^
GOOD investment* near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 ft. frontage on track: 2
blocks from Berkeley station $2300
Lot 23x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x133; mac: within H block $450
Half block adjoining R. H. property $2600
. Buy where values are increasing. :
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1066 University ave.
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRHTVALE FURNISHED. ROOMS.
FURNISHED and unfurnished rooms to let
Apply Walker's store. Seminary ave., Frult-
vale. ' ¦_
FRUITVALE BOARD AXD ROOMS.
2 OR a unfurnished rooms; electric lights and
bath: cheaD. 3319 Putnam it., Fruirvale. ;
HEL1* AYAVriiD — MALI-: — Continned.
THY cur men's thoes. union made, at $1 and
$1 50 ralr; foct-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
exprers cr mnll charges. 11 3d at.. Exam. bid.
FIRST-CLAPS operator on custom coats. F.
ATTTXGER. 4S Ellis et.
SAILORS and crdinan- seamen for all parts of
the world al HERMAN'S. 27 Stquart st.
LAEOIl debts collected; tultA, afWchments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montry.. r. 415.
TOL'.NU man to learn barber trad*; wages
•while Uarn!n«. "«1A Howard rt.
SAILOF.S end young men «creen hands) for
*hips. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
Penrlor. Atty., E. A. Buills. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Qeo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 70Q rooms: 35c nlebt; reading-rooms;
free "bu!< and bsggsge to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf adTtrtlserr.er.t* and pubscrlptlons has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Op«n until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Puncan and Church «ts.
ALL sizes men's xhoes. slightly damaged, halt
price. 5C3 Mission »t.. bet. l»t and 2d sts.
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. CC3 MlKPlcn *t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
SOLICITORS and scents desiring a good sal-
ary and commission will call forenoon or ,
address C. D. C1IADD. rm. 1. Brooklyn Ho-
tel. Push st.. b»t. SanJome-Montgomery.S.F.
HOUSES AM) \VAGO.\S.
HORSE for sale — Young riding horse, fine
breed, in splendid condition; owner having
no tirna to use him, will sell at reasonable
price: trial allowed to responsible parties.
FRANK- MALLOYE. 518 Sacramento st.
EAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
eetslcn begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY, 610 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
Ccunty. Nucleus 'Stables. 190 Stevenson. S. F.
SHETLAND pony, gentle and fast, for sale.
B<.x S934, Call office.
FOR tale— A nice light delivery wagon. 801
Fourth st.
LIGHT second-hand wagon for sale. 843
Howard et.
FOR SALE— Jersey cow for family. 634 Miss-
Ifsippi St.. near 20th; Potrero.
FOR SALE — Bay mare. 6 years old. Box 19S2,
Call office.
KORSE fcr rale, stylish and a racer. Box
3243. Call office.
BIKE buggy for pale; flrjt-class condition; lit-
tle used. Box 0234. Call office.
WANTED — A large horse to work double. Ad-
dress box 3437. Call office.
FINE English dog cart, almost new, cheap.
Inquire at « Eddy st.. room 100.
LIGHT second-hand wagon for sale, cheap. 843
Howard nt.
HORSES of all grades bought, cold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. C5 Hermann st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har.
oess. work and driving horses. 15th-Va!enda.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 jiapfs. in wrapper, for ¦ lailinp. $1 ner year
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
BEAUTIFUL residence. II rooms; bath; gar-
den; yard: rear entrance; centrally located;
1018 Po«t St.. bet. Larkin and Polk; cars
pass; call 12 to 1.
JONES. 1807 — Modern sunny house of S
rooms and bath: marine view; front and
rear carden.
ISOuSBS TO i.ii'l Kl : K.\iMIKI*.
A WELL furnished S-room house to rent for
three months to responsible party; owa
term*; commencing June 1. ¦ 1970 Eddy !»U •
HOUSES FIRMSHGD— FOR SALE.
O'FARRELL, 910— 9-room ' nicely furnished
hous« for sale: a snap.
HOUSES WASTED — FURNISHED.
WANTED — Comfortable house in Mill Valley
for June and July; gtate price and location;
references exchanged. HOI San Antonio
8ve.. Alameda.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
*t.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
J. Michaelis Launch Co.. Unlon-Et. wharf ;boat-
ing & excursions. 5 8teuart at. ; tel. John 2€85.
LOST A.\l> FOU.\D.
STOLEN — Horse and buggy. Saturday afternoon,
from £ansom» <t., near Pine: tall bay horse,
fore legs warred by barbed wire; low wheeled
business buggy with top, red running-gear
and black body, newly painted; perforated
rubber mat, brown robe, brown horse blanket,
dark, overcoat in buggy. Notify SMITH-
RICE CO.. IIS Howard st.. or BUckhawk
Stables. 1009 Valencia et.; reward.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, on Jackson or Sac-
ramento st. cars or In Park, a diamond sun-
burst. Return same to room 15, 204 Front
St.. and receive reward; no questions asked.
STOLEN— Bay horse, with a circular brand and
one white hind leg, belonging to SWIFT &
CO.. 107 Tenth nt.
LOST — Red pocketbook; contents no value ex-
cept to owner; $5 reward If returned to 643
Geary St., after 7 p. m.
LOST — Gold ot-en face watch at 23rd ave ,
Oakland. Finder pleaee return to 270 Ship-
ley st , San Francisco.
LOST — Memorandum book. $1 on return to
J. E. ALDEN. 369 First st.
LOST— Llewellyn setter; tag 4148. Return to
f.35 Central ave.; liberal reward.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, satin finish case,
initials S. E. D.; engraving and baby's plc-
ture inside: $10 reward. 3S Fourth st.
MEDICAL. — — — —
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fee*. CONSULTATION AND. AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience in all
female disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femal*
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed ; SO years' experience. £28 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male trouble* and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOSVi Market St.. opp. 3th.
VALFKAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
spld; price J- 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggist*. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femaJa
ecmplaints: positively corrected ; the unfortu-
nate helped; the rooet difficult cases treated-
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
tpeclallst; a private home before and during
confinement; best -medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Nezs — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 23 yrs. exper.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured leas* ot
premises, is permanently located at 611A
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and CFarrelL
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded; confidential
DR. EMILIA FUNKE. 1416 8th st., Alameda.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex. •
private. Dr. BYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st
DR. ROSEN resides 29SS Folscm st* corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10. ¦
YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. H.
H. WESTON. SOS Kearny at.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS-
original method of treatment. 1129 Market st.
MUTES AITO MIBIKQ.
$500^ — START gold mining: rich ground: long
leas*: new machine. HALL. 601 Sutter st.
MISCKLLAKEOCS— FOB BALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN~
TOSH &. WOLPMAN. 185-1&7 Fremont st.
STANDARD oil rig, fully equipped, and 1M)O
feet of casing, 11% In. to 7% la.; also 1500
feet of t> and 6 Inch drive -pipe. Apply fcr
particulars GAFFEY Sc MAHON. < 505 Cali-
fornia *t.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingle*; best for- new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
FOR SALE — An invalid wheel chair; nearly
sew. S&.U Sixteenth st.
tV 4XTK1> — FEMALE — Con.
EXPERIENCED £ Be*£!< operator. Singer;
•teady uositlon. *.'l.t* :: Glove Co., 323 Sac-
or_<3 gt.
BAO operators wanud. Hi Oay «.
APPRENTICE fcr <2reo*ir.2Uins; paliS. 1415
li><?e Ft. neiir Jackson.
PXXXSHES HI ractotn fart*. 4C1 J-rsit St.,
i1'>K«JANSTF.KN.
WANTED — A gcod por.ts nnieher. 410 Keamy
_ «t.. rt<rn "2.
K YOTNG ?*e<::?h vt German woman: general
* housework; $30; J0-1. 2S45 Facrsmento ft.
Wa.VTEP-3 waitresses. r>4G Ninth st.
TTANTSP — F:r.it-*:ers ca ru^tcm coats: rood
¦race*: «ttea<:y wr>rk. 3f4 Teharna St.
TALE:.";TI> arr.atFur perfoi nier*. Apply at
Cr:»e5. 0 p m. W.-^r.rtdaj-; salary ao object.
PUtSTOLtAJtS tr.is'.iT*. also girls to pad col-
ier* en coer» ; r.^.-.e but help ne«d
erplr. i 1 . N. WOOP. 49 ""Jeary «t.
WANTED — OTe-a-t«-s m !:'(!:«• xj-ls-p and 'Jn-
_<trirnr. MARK? y.P.Of-.. l~O Market «t.
»"ANTETD— Pa;.ts fir.'.eher*. Arply at oace. S.
N WOOD at CO.. 4J» G«ary n.
WOMAN of Talr education by lr>ca! wholesale
fccuse. Bex 8»y>>0, Call e*2ce.
.WANTEr> — 4 rooa flnlcbers, coata; h'gh <r>r*r
come ready t« work. £28 Stevenson *t.. r. 5.
ADVERTISEMENTS. «ub«eripUons received at
Csw brtr.ch effic*. cor. Duncan A: Cnurch sts.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
cf a2vertleemects and subscriptions has been
rpeced at 100S Market St.. oppe«!t» Fifth.
I Or»r urtll 11 p. ci.
HELP WASTED MAli! ~
ATC. R. KA.VEEN A CO/S deployment Office
C9 Ruth at 642 clay st.
, Yr-dr.* man, 22 to 25 rears cf 8ge, who
un<1»rstand.s office work; must write a good
hsr.<J and be quick at flsure*-. apply with
•¦rittea application, stating full particulars:
$50 to rt«rt with.
Corr««poa<i«nt fcr whc!ee*le> hmise who has
btfii vast experience with brokers and sales-
Vn; $1&P ar.d increase to right can; apply
with written application, *tat;r.g full rer-
tlctjlar*.
. COT»rs=tst Work, State cf Nevada.
T*air.?Ter», le.bc>rers. rockraeri $2 - $2 50
Fee t-erty here Phip daily
Scandinavians for bucking- ties and build-
lr.g road?. $30 to $35 monti arid four.d.
..WBrnri--^ker, *3 W-; blacksmith. $3 75; 25
rsnrers fcr an orchard, $1 day; milkers,
ifsf-ph-rters.
Cooks, wnifer*. porters, bell and rie-rator bov«,
$15 - $75.
C H HANSEN & CO., 42* Bush St.. 642 Clay.
AT THE CAL~EMF. AGENCY.
II Third «.. n-ar '"all bldg.: phone Bush 403.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
• ¦ CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
. U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
2S tpaniFtert. W7 &•> * month.
15 lfcbcrer*. $60 a month.
tfl drijlers rockra* n. harr.menrien $75.
f ir.ll! fcscis, $35 and board.
WOODS CREW.
2 v r"?fc«t:erT. $1S ar.<l board.
> 2 riarkery, $4" ar.d board.
* 2 *».6JT.;*r?. $*'" a menth,
- »hee.i teamsters. $^5 a month.
Milker.* ranch. tZO ami board.
« hor»-rr.an. rxm h. $25 and board.
10 laborers. $1 7f. to $2 day.
t> ranch hanif. Scr.cir.a County, $26 a month
. *nd board.
. «A treat cr of California lubricating oils; must
• have experif-c*; $100 a month up.
f'rrt<»r, rocmir.j-house. city. *40 asd room.
Foreman (and wife to cook) on ranch, full
charpe. $43 a rr. nth.
• CAL. EMI\ AGENCY, 14 Third et.
A— rnNjriACTORS- EMPLOYMENT AGCY..
C^i — Washington st. — »^5— Near Kearay.
. Phone James B30t — <-55 Washington st.
SPECIAL TO-DAY.
IS iaborere. you'll do. large mine. $50 fd.
• 2" laborers, b hours, free -'ape, Oovernment
• job, $2: stableman, ceiu- city. $40; baker.
• ir.:rie. easy Jb. $45 found; 2 d:?hwather^.
e:ty; d!shma*ber and roustabout, mine, good
3<-b. south. $30 ar.d f.:-ur.d: blacksmith, ccun-
try chop. $3; 10 farm aa<J hay hands, $1 to
' $1 50 day ar.d found: ecrev.- turner, small
• bJH. $S5 ar.d four.d; planer man. sticker
i.f.r.d; 5 carptEters. city work, see uz; 5
laborers. R. It. work, free fare, near city; 10
2-horse teanrter«. $2. R. B. wcrk: 4 boy*,
fash and door factory: boy learn trade, city.
$1 (lay to start ; 2 milkers.
L. H. CUTTING CO.. C35 Washington st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
<£S C*>mrnercial et.
Phnne Main ll&l — Near Kearr.;.- Ft.
S lil/orer*. fr*e fare. 6 hours. $:! ciay: 2.1
i*V>rerf. r.«"ar city. $2 <iay; Nevada, cheap
*.=.re, * hour*. $2. ?2 25 ar.d $- 50 day. boss
>¦ *!¦*•: 20 Italians, board themselves. $2 to
• C2 S da>; 10 ranch hands, pe* boss here.
$1''5 and found: 5 farm tanis, $30 and found;
V.. R. work. rear city, learanters ar.d
I«b«>rer8, free fare. $2 day: 10 Italian labor-
ers. »teady Job. ?2 day; 5 Italian?, quarry
work. *<P>; b'arksmith. te*> bos? here. 11
a m.. $i*\ Al jc*: cc>ks. $40 to $60; dlsh-
»a5?ier, $25 and found: cfx>k. ranch, south.
$2ft fd.: 4 younr men. city factory. $1 ,V>:
•- {"rter. hotel. $-5 and found: bus driver. $23
»r.3 found; Jets of other Jobs. Call and Fe*.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
M THIRD ST. Telephone Main 5521.
Woodehcppert. firewood, $2 cord.
.NEVADA S liours Cheap far*
T»erastcrt, $2 25; Ubcrere. 52.
Coopers, steady Job; piece work: no strike.
Cabintt-isaVers «ad bench bands. $3 50.
W<yxJ choppers, pier* work; good lay-out.
Teessters, CaL railroad. $2 25; long job.
HORD &. SMITH.
HOTEL porter. $30 and found: ranch cook. $30
and found; 2 n:i!!wri?ht!'. $3 50 day; black-
smith and wnod-worker for mill. $3 &> a day:
blacksmith. $2 SO day: blacksmith's helper. $30
•nd found: 3 men and wives for private family
end ranches. $47 SO. jr."' and $55 and found:
rrlker and separator man. $-15 and found;
rr.t:k«?r*. $35 and found; farmers, $50 and $40
and found; 3 choppers. $1 15 ccrd: 10 labor-
en to cut brush $30 and board; cookr. wait-
er*, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. €2S
Facramento n.
RED CROSS EilPLOXilENT AGENCY.
602 Oay Ft. Pbone Jarres 247«.
RAILROAD WORK LN" CALIFORNIA.
.Te&ssters and laborers, $2 to %2 25 day.
OrGcery cl«rk. experienced, reference.
2 hXy hands, Fac. Co . SI W day and board.
<~«v>k. small place. $25 month and found.
F'>nty ot other work. Call at
P.ED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
". 6C2 Ciay rt.. sear Montgomery.
¦WANTED — Energetic, responsible outdoor man
to lock op trade among contractors and
busier*; or*» who Is familiar with ready
roo2ns« building feits, Invclatlag materials,
*tr_, prrf erred: good pot-!Uon for the right
rnan. Addreac, ctatlng experience, refer-
ences asd terms, box 3Stl2. •"*'.'> office.
UNCLE SAM wants help; cwur.lr-atioRs for
• curtcra-hou*"? position* win be held in July;
ap-ply for ocr free catalogue glrln? par-
ticulars. Pacific Ccrrespcsdence Institute.
Grant bldg.. cor. Market and Seventh et».
WANTED — Three nr«t-clasa carr!&fe black-
. !-r.::hf and tfcree Crrt -class body makers;
rood, wages and steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. ilElSTlTR Ac SONS CO..
&acraa!»Eto. Cal.
, YOVNG men everywhere, copy letters hom«
evenings^ $3 £><• wrek; send addressed envel- 1
or* for carticulars. Manager Depu 8
.4. box 1411. Philadelphia, Pa.
• BOOKKEEPER: state age. experience: bond
rc-quired; references; own handwriting. Box
rssr, Cill efflce.
WANTED — First-class r.on-ur.icn coppersmith
itiid riJ*£tter. Apply room £5. 2C9 Powell st..
1 to 2 p. m.
GOOD et»ady barber wanted at 719 Mont-
exjraery ave.
WANTKD — Non-ur.icn bollermakers. Call
rocrn 25. 223 Powell St.. 2 to 4 p. ra.
WAITER wanted. 2T& First rt.
STRONG V>y to Ie«rn the carriage and wagon
blacksr&ithinr trade. SCS Harrison st.
WANTED — A boy to drive butcher cart who
has had pome experience: references. Apply
2SS3 Mission st.
BOY8 wanted. JOE ROSENBERG, the Price
Cutter. HC Market rt.
COATMAKER to work inside. 24 Phelan build-
!»*, KW Market Ft. - . •
BL'SHELMEN wanted; rood workmen. Ap-
ply S. N. WOOD &. CO.. 740 Market «t.
WANTED- Steady man with »76 capital In
iijrht manufacturing buslneu. SS3 Fourth.
WAVTEIj — First-cla^s barber for ehort hours.
«"a!l 0S» Fremont «t.
WANTED — A biacknsltb's helper for wapon
work. £37 Bracnan et.
_____ " r • ' ¦ .
nnsT-CLASS barber wanted. 002 Turk rt.
LTXni waiter fcr «na.!J restaurant. 25£2
Market et., near Sixteenth. j
I rn'LI* WANTED — MALE — Continned.
A.— aiUKBAY & Rl^VDY. e;i4-O3C Clay et.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR
AGENTS.
PHONE MAIN 581S.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH, SWISS. FRENCH,
GERMAN. GREEK. ITALIAN.
Your :are free. Look— Free Fare.
TO STATE OF NEVADA.
If you stay lour months. THAT'S ALL.
D. »s. GOVERNMENT WOIiK.
, _r_. two-bone tcamttert, $60.
1 Kh, laKirers. you'll suit. $<JO.
•*•> orliltTS. rockiacn. hanimersmen, $73.
i.isht hours' uork daily; hundreds going.
€ carrcnters. city Jobs $4 day.
4 carrentei*. fare $1 40. $3 50 day.
3 paperhangers. fare $1 00. ?4 day.
2 painter*, fare $1 50. $3 50 day.
4 Huuiber*, fare $1 80. $5 day.
- tinsmith*, lare $1 30. 5* day. • I
w u*«l«-right, operate wheel machine, fare $1,
$3 day.
J>iiermakcr fare COc $." ar.d $3 50 day.
I3!ack?mitli.' stage co.,' Mer.docino co'i $50 fd.
Wheelwright. 50c fare. $50 ar.d found.
16 cooi/ers. tlack work. »tr8dy.
2 c<jrnlcemco. exceptionally good jobs. $3 50
day.
4 plasterers, fare $1 50. $5 day.
Csrriage painter. sUrktrr hand, country, $t
da.v.
Molder and sticker hand.
Gang edgeraian. fare $1, $55 to $70 found.
Double cut band sawyer. $5 day.
Screw turner. Santa Clara County, $75.
5 door mcldfrs. iursber company, bess here,
$2 50 to $3 a day.
Do-Jbletree ehaper and spindle shaper, $3.
Cut-off sawyer: 4 phinglen, $1 per M.
Edgerir.ar.. lare $1 60. $45 found.
LOOK.
12 hor?e«hiors. city and country, $4, $3 60,
$2. $2 10 day.
14 Hacktrr.itfcs ar.d r.elp'rs. St. $3, 52 day.
4 laborers to irrigate orchard, fare $1, $26 fd.
STABLEMEN.
26 stablemen, city and country, $75, $80, $50
and found.
HAYMAKERS.
25 haymakers, mowers, $1 25 day and found.
2fi vineyard and orchard hands. $26, $30 fd.
06 mllkera ar.d butter and cheese makers. 130
to C50 found.
16 ohoremen end b<-ys. $15 to $30 found.
16 beys, U« factories. $S0.
MINES.
12 machine miners. $90.
1&6 woodchcrpers, all over California.
MEN AND WIVES.
Milker ar.d wife. $40 found.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
26 cocks. $30. $40. $50. $C0. $70 found.
16 waiters. $25, $-"<\ $40 and found.
IP di*h washers, $2f>. $25. $30, $35 found.
12 porters, bell and elevator boys. $30 to $15
found.
LAUNDRY.
26 laundrymen. different departments. $15 to
$22 week.
BAKERS.
2 flrft. 4 jeeend on bread. 1 second on cakes.
B«st Places at MURRAY & READY,
Biggest wages at 634 and 636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS.
TELEPHONE AND LETTEJt ORDERS.
— YES!—
Milker and wife, easy, good Job, south, $40
and found.
Blacksmith, ranch. ?40 and found.
Better screw head blocks. bo?s here. $3 day.
Door molder, We fare. $2 to $3 a day.
Lather and fhingler, W»o fare. $4 a day.
BOFS HERE. LUMPER CO.
Planer man. fare $2 50. $60 and found.
Fcrrv; turner, fare J2 .VI. $50 and found.
Cattle h-rifr. fare $1 25. $30 and found.
12 teamsters; city and country; $2 ar.d $2 25
a day.
LOOK.
2 irocrs; country laundry: $35 and found.
C->ck: lunch counter: $40 and found.
Polisher ncrth, laundry. $15 a week.
AK>i*iant baker: city: little ex.: $25 found.
3 carpenters; factojy: fare $1 50; $3 50 day.
35 HAYMAKERS.
$1 50. $1 00 and found day. $1 60.
10 cocrrfTS, flack work, 10c barrel.
Paictor, carriage works, fare $1 50. $50 fd.
Logger. underEtar.ds rigging, north. $00 fd.
Scr»w turner, small L. mill. $55 fd.
Young man, office work. $6 week.
Driver, solicit bottle beer. $25 fd.
Screw turner, south; edgeman. south; hoox
tender, south.
LOOK.
Handy man do little blacksmithlnsr, ranch,
$30 fd.
3 trackman. 8 horsos. free fare, $2 day.
Carpenter, force shinirllng, city, $2 00 day.
2 brick loaders, country, 25c M.
LOOK.
5 t)low teamsters, fare $1. $32 50 fd.
Vegetable gardener, $30; bedmaker, city, $17
. found.
B«.n r>'aces at MURRAY & READY'S.
Btat wages at O34-C3»5 Clay st.
WAGONWORKER, $C0 and found.
LOOK.
Butcher Fhop and sausage, south $35 to
$40 fd.
Biker, country shop, north, $50 fd.
Night then-order cock, coffee-house, $12
week.
Baker's helper, 50c fare. $"0 fd.
Bfiimak'sr, Tva«h dishes. $20 fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
ALL FREE FARE-
FREE FARE TO ALL.
16 MACHINISTS. $3 50 to $1 day.
7 BOILERMAKERS. $•{ 50 to $4 day.
BOSS HERE.
Time and half fcr overwork.
Board and lodging fife — FREE FARE.
Boy. h»Jp on wapon. city. $13 fd.
20 laborers, lay track. 8 hours day, $2 day.
2 bottlers city job $75.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and 636 Clay st.
BUGLER, free fare to Alaska, $25 fd
MARRIED.
Man and wife: man help milk, drive team.
woman h*Ip housework. $C0 fd.
MURRAY & READY, tii4 and 636 Clay st.
TO ALASKA.
FREE FaP.E BOTH WAYS.
-'< Hungarians and Slavonians.
MURRAY A. READY. 634-636 Clay gt.
FIVE plumbers, southern town, boss here, fare
paid &€• boss, $4 5G day.
3 plumbers, fare $1. $4 a day.
Blacksmith, lumber company, boss here. $C0
and found.
Blacksmith, Santa Clara County, $3 day
FREE FARE.
25 laborers, no experience wanted.
5 carpenters, manufacturing co., fare $1 20
$3 50 day.
Wheelwright. Ala. Co.. fare $1 $50 found
Wagon-maker, city mfg. co.. $3 day.
3 blacksmiths, tack on shoes. $2 to $_• 50 day.
Carriage painter, fare 30c $2 £0 day
Boy learn blacksmith trade. 30c fare ' $7 wk.
FOREMAN.
Foreman molder and iron worker $4 to $5
day.
3 casting ehippers or cleaners, city, $2 50 day
Corerr.aker. city, good Job, $3 day up.
Brush hand for carriage painting $2 50 day
2 painters, plain rouirh work, fare 30c $35 fd.
LOOK.
2 stablemen together, fare $4 60. mine town,
$40 and found. » .
23 laborers, lumber co., fare $2, $35 found.
Your.g man. small In stature, for nursery.
J';0 asd found
LOOK.
Gr.->cery clerk. $00, fare 15c.
Baker's helper on cakes. 50c fare. $30 found.
Cock, country hotel, fare $2 60, $50 found!
S«-con3 bread baker. Yolo Co., fare $1 60,
$45 and found.
LOOK.
Milker and wife, southern town.
Man and wifs; man milk 12 cows; wife cook;
J.-.O and found.
MURRAY &. READY. 634 and 636 .Clay gt.
A MAN and wife for rrlvate family in city:
woman most cook man for general work
around the house; $30 and found; references.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st., nr. Powell.
A FIRST-CLASS butler for private family;
$50; references. MIES PLUNKETT. 425 Sut-
ter Et.. near PoweJl.
A COOK for boarding-house, $35. Apply to
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
all"
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice ar.d expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLBGE. 635 Clay St.
A BARBER wanted every evening* Saturday
end Sunday. 2314 Sixteenth gt.. nr. FolFom.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; 3 living rooms;
r*nt $7 60 per month; snap. 1547 M I tslon.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing and new
work at 6eO Howard et-
WANTED — A good coat maker. 203 Natoma
street.
WANTKD— A boy to run elevator and make
himself useful. 23 Stockton Et.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; clears $2S to
$30 weekly. WILL & FINCK. 21 O'Farrell.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Roikin. R»r.o House proprietor, baa
ecded 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms: 25c to&Oc per night.-
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 025 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free Information as
to Dosltlona. salaries, age limits, etc.; -day
or evenings.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, 'earer to make meney. F. PERSON
477 and 47S. Parrott building.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Western College • of
Barber*. 647 Commercial et.
WANTED— A steady baker; good place. Ad-
dreM P. O. box 223, Jiebastoool. Cal. ,
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE — Con.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, ohaftlng. etc., etc., bought. soid.
rented aoj exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beaie st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingla
roofs with Asbtstos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to etop all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.: tel. Main 1428.
A — FINE suits, $7 50; dress'pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 233 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 0 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water Pipe, charting, pulleys,
etc. WniTELAW, 253-255 Spear et.
BEAUTIFUL embroidered elk head for sale;
suitable for banner and pillow, lodgeroom.
4S2 Eddy st. .
GENT'S full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
euits to rent at LICHTENSTE1N BROS.,
25 Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
*mall weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J COOPER, tent's full-dress rental parlors,
'moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton
st., upstairs. ¦ S'i-'r^
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 60 hats, $1 BO.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pins; open to 9,p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form sbo«s at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
A PAIR of 54-ln.xl6-ft. boilers, % ehell; half
cost. S. D. BURNS. 318 Bush gt.
GRINDING stone, carpenters' and plumbers'
tools; floor trucks and tracks. 853 Howard.
FOR sale-^-1 elegant 60-Hght electric bath cab-
inet; reasonable. Electric Works. 227 Ellis st.
DIAMOND rings. $1 per week; no references
required. REED. 91 Crocker building.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WIL6ON. office 229 Stevenson.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupl.
moved to 786 Mission gt.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55; CO-lnch desk. $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market st.
IMPROVED Wood printing presaes, gasolln*
engines. Boyer Machine Works. 49 Spear St.
ROUND camDins t*rits for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x16. 319 Third st.: tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO..35 Mrkt.Tel.BU6h 858
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore, til McAlll»t»r St.
BAROAINS In fine diamonds and watches:
easy payments. GAR1N. 803 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, r.ew and second-
band. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market Et.
SOME good gecond-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
8AFES — New and second -band. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery «t,
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market tt.
GASOLINE engines automobiles and launches:
all fires. J. K. DOAK. 4fi Fremont «t.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
BIG prices raid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds Rents' full cress suits, etc.; send
postal card. L1CHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton »t.
_ . — ¦
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building in 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
WANTED a second hand gas engine 2 h.p. Ad-
drtss box 3801. Call Office.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' casteff clothing: pr«tal. 943 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 nth st. ; tel. Jessie 2351.
DKSKS bought, fold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 7S2 Mission; phone Bush 467.
.SHOES wanted: misfit & castoff; highest prcs.:
new. fi 2d-hand rhoes for sale. 749 Mission.
MONEY TO LOAN.
601-602-603 Examiner Bulldtn*.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; leeacles, life estates. and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Pee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
5^ AND 0 PER CENT.
XfPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Afiy amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN and COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates in probate, undi-
vided Interests in real estate, property in
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
CROCKER BUILDING.
POST AND MARKET STS.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount 00
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
.Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
ot property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com. ;
falrent rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry 'store,
•46 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton :phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters.- bcardlng-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In
48 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
•t. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuable* at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phon« Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prjvacy;x:o commission ."Installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commltition; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, sliver,
diamonde, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employee. R. 311, Mutual Sav Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103% Brdwy.. suits 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people "without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Pbelan bide.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages.
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Eavlnrs Bank building. 703 Market st.
IH Per cent on furniture and pianos; no com
charged. ELFVING. 610 Hearst bldg.. Ex. ent.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indoraer. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
gnj^ICAJL^l^SjrKC^XTS.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
OneErard; nice condition ,. $50
One English Le Blond; good order 1175
One Sterling; cost $325; new ii65
One Lelrs, walnut case; fine order...... $178
One Chi eke ring; mahogany case $550
One Knabe, used one year, latest style; one
Eteinway used 2 years, latest style; one
Vose mahogany case, used S. months; also 1
new piano, mahogany case, three strings. ' lat.
est style, upright grand. $147 50.
¦ -. $10 Squares $10.
Emerson. Kurtzman. Cummlngs, Ilallet ft Da-
vis, stelnway, Kranich & Bach. Halnea and 40
others from $10 up: easy payments— guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell.
PIANOS for -rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock - In San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the.
best, our prices the lowest; SCOTT CURTAZ 1
PIANO CO.. 5C0-64 Hayes at. '
RENTING Is our specialty; %Z up; apply en
purchase: installment* $4 up. HEIXH
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.; Oakland. 1232
Broadway. . . -
! A NEARLY new upright grand, fine tone,
' .cheap; owner going away. 837 Clement st.
MUSICAL INSTItUME.NTS — Con.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 803 Post st.
TREMENDOUS slaughter storage pianos and
fur.; dirt cheap. Whltehead'8.1636 Market at.
$165— STE1NWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. IS McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickerlng baby grand;
Shoniacer, littie used. Keeffe^s, 2S5 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecilian piano
Player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
OFFICES — 289 Post s^eet, cor. Stockton; all
lieht and on street; fixed to suit tenant.
STOKES WANTED.
WANTED — Store and basement. 5 years'
lease, within boundaries Powell, Kearny,
Market and Post; give particulars, location,
rent. Box 3&0, Call office. '
-^FEHSOX ALS.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The num,ber, 781 O'Farrell St.. near Larkla.
Call or write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
tkln, mouth bones, etc.), speedily cured by
.skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
SCALP treatment given by a lady to produce
growth of hair; hours 10 a. ra. to 5 p. m.
and evenings; beet of references. Hotel
Atlanta. 452 Ellis et.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market st.
between Seventh and Eighth. ¦.
AT lees than cost: uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR "~"
On tb« worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 B0; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing" Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men: $2 50. post
paid. DR. BURNARD A CO.. 140 Geary. 8.F.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.), tailor*. 728 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia,
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, r. €00. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. Trigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyption Henna restores gray
balr to its natural color. $1: at all druggists'.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific Dalmist. 515
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PART.VERS XV ANTED.
WANTED — A partner with $3000 to buy half
interest in sawmill : lots of timber; inquire
at this office for address. Box 3829. Call.
PARTNER with $225 for restaurant averaging
$45 a day; man capable to take full control;
exceptionable bargain. Box 3938. Call office.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. F. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-Iaw. C Hobart bldr.. £32 Market at.
PHYSICIANS AND BURGEON*.
DR~~C. c7~O' DONNELL-^Of flee and residence,
1021H Market st. bet.- flth and 7th; particu-
lar attention pgtd" : to?dlsea»cs of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
patt four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary sL. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas, 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor— All dls-
ea»*« cured by Chinese herbs. 746-0 Clay st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for mineral oil — Office Depot
Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery st., San
Francisco. Cal.. May 13, 10O*. Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, subject to usual con-
ditions, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Friday, May 27, 1601, and then opened
for furr.:!>hinR and storing of 200,000 gallons
mineral oil, 135 degree flash test, in cases of
five gallons each. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, condition of price and quality being
equal (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence given t.i articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the Pacific
CoaBt to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves right to accept or re-
ject any or all proposals or any part thereof.
Information and blank proposals furnished
or application. Envelopes containing pro-
posals to be marked "Proposal for Mineral
011 No SS03," and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL. Q. M.. U. S. Army. Depot Quarter-
master. l_^ ¦
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. May 14. 1004.— Sealed
proposals in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. May 28, 1904, and
then opened, for furnishing 5 cavalry horses
at Ord Barracks. Monterey, Cal., and 1C cav-
alry and 11 artillery horses at the Presidio
of San Francisco. Government reserves right
to reject or accept any or all bids, or any
part thereof. Bids will be considered for a
less number of horses than that stated. Pref-
erence given to articles of domestic produc-
tion, conditions of price and quality (Includ-
ing in the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public serv-
ice there. Information furnished on applica-
tion to WM. S. PATTEN, Assistant Q. M.
General. Chief Q. M.
THE MINT OF THE UNITED STATES AT
SAN FRANCISCO, Superintendent's Office,
April 25. 1904.— SEALED PROPOSALS In
duplicate will be received at the office of the
Superintendent of the Mint of the United
States at San Francisco. Cal., until 12 o'clock
noon, Wednesday, May 25, 1004, and then
publicly opened, for general supplies required
for the Mint of the United States at SAN
FRANCISCO, CAL., for the fiscal year from
July 1. 1904. to June 30. 1903. in accordance
with schedules and specifications, copies of
which, with blank proposals and other in-
formation, may be had upon application to
FRANK A. LEACH. Superintendent.
PROPOSALS for Coal — Office General Su-
perintendent. Army Transport Service,
Fan Francisco, Cal., April 20. 1004. Sealed
firoptigals in triplicate for furnishing and d«-
Ivering on board army transports at San
Francisco, average Steam Coal, as may be
required, will be received at this office until
12 m.. May 20. 1904, and then opened. Infor-
matlcn furnished en application. Envelopes
containing proposals should b« indorsed.
"Proposals for Coal," addressed to C. A.
DEVOL. General Superintendent.
BOOTS FOB SALS.
BONDS for sale — Notice is hereby given that
scaled bids will be received until 2 o'clock
r. m., Saturday. May 28. 1804, by the Board
of Control of the Territory of Arizona, at th«
office of said board in the City of Phoenix.
Arizona, I for the sale of Ten Bonds of the
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each,
bearing date January 1. 1904, due and pay-
able January 1. 1054, bearing interest at in*
rate of five P*r cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five years. Issued by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona in accordance with m»
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-sec-
- end Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which acf has been approved by th»
Congress of the United States. Interest oa
said bonds will be paid semi-annually on
the first day of January and July of each
year and both principal and Interest payable
In gold coin of the United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory, a
¦ certified | check of a responsible bank for &
per cent of the amount of the bid. payable
to the order of E. E. Klrkland, Territorial
Treasurer, and . a copy of this advertisement
¦ must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment In full upon allotment and
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
cf Control. Phoenix. Arlsona. and marked
"Proposals for, purchase of Insan« Asylum
Bonds '* • , -
..-.¦¦ SPECIAL NOTICEfl.
Ladles! Chlchester'a English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
' Colchester Chemical Co., Philadelphia. Pa. ¦Charles S. Mann to Charles Hughes, lot on
S line of O'FarrelJ street, 11)2:6 W of Lark in
W 27:6 by S 120; $10. lun>
Indi? K. Willis ¦ to Hind Estate Company
E^by S n i2of $10?^ 8treet ' 12 ° E - ° f Pranklln '
Emma G. IJuUer t<J Henri Marx. lot on a
line o *°** r ¥ l "treet. 160 E of Fillmore. E 25
William and Llllle B. Watson to Charles A
Gibson, lot on W line of Pierce street. 100 N
of Broadway. N 50 by W 137:6; $10.
Elizabeth G. Baldwin to Aphella F. Coch
rane. lot on E line of Broderlck street. 65 N of
Union. N 27:6 by E 07:6; $10.
Morris and Emma Slmlnoff^-to Leontine
Mowry, lot on E line of Masonic avenue 60 S
of Oak street. S 25 by E 80; $10. .
Henrietta Stlttenfeld to James A. - Devoto.
lot on N line of Fulton street. 253:10 W of
Parker. W 25. N 121.25, NE 25.01. S 120.IH; $10.
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker. John G.
and Margaret Barker to Otto W. Csrtaan i-»i
SATURDAY, MAY 14.
UKAIj ESTATK TKAXSACTIOXS.
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
5<"iC0 Independence 24
100 Wabash 50
Stre*t — !
MX> Sovereign 4t
9500 Independence 24
1000 Claremont. b 90 65
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1000 Independence 25
20u Occidental ; 12
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2<X) Caledonia ... US| 500 Seg Belcher .. 11
100 Challenge Con 25 100 Sierra Nev .. 47
300 Con C & Va.l 75| 300 Overman 31
200 Mexican 190 100 Union Con .. tiS
100 Ophlr 5 50| •
Afternoon Session.
S00 Alta 071 400 Exchequer . .. 80
400 Belcher ::2! 200 Gould * Cur. 20
300 Belcher 311 300 Ophir 5 37>A
300 Caledonia ... 68 600 Silver Hill .. B7
150 Con C & Va.l 70 100 Union Con .. 60
M» Crown Point. 221 COO Union Con .. 68
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were - the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Andes 20 100 Cfrown Point 23
100 Andes 18 200 Gould & Cur. 20
200 Belcher a3 200 Hale & Norc. 00
200 Caledonia ... 67 COO Savage 35
200 Con C Sz Va.l 75 100 Sierra Nev .. 47
1C0 Con C & V.I 72'.£|
Afternoon Session.
200 Con C * Va.l 70| 100 Ophir 6 37 V,
100 Crown Point. 22 200 Union Con .. 68
100 Gould & Cur. 10|
TONOPAH MINING EJXCHANGB.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 MacNamara . 19| 800 Mont Ton . . 1 80
200 Mont Ton..l 62V,j 200 Ton Belmont CS
200 Mont Ton ...1 CT,| 100 Ton of Nev. .'.8 75
Afternoon Session.
200 MacNamara . 10I100O Ton Belmont 72
100 Mont Ton.. 1 62^12000 Ton Midway' S8
400 Ray & OBrien 04| .300 Ton N Star!! "8
200 Ton Belmont. 70| , '••-!»
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. May 16—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. . B[(1 Aek
Alpha 00 11 Justice 09 li
Alta 07 08 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 19 21 Keycs Graes.. —100
Belcher 31 Zi Lady Wash .. »•«
Best & Belch.l 45 1 60 Mexican 1 55 1 nn
liulllon 09 10 Occidental ... 79 ri
Caledonia ... 07 68 Ophir 5 25 5 50
Challenge Coo 22 25 Overman 30 -{1
Chollar 19 21 Potosi ... j« in
Confidence ...1 10 1 20 Scorpion 10 11
Con C &. Va.l 70 1 75 Savage 34 i*.
Con Imperial. 02 03 Seg Belcher 11 v>
Con NY CH 04j Sierra Nev .. 4.', 4?
Crown Point. 22 23 Silver Hill . 67 rq
East Sierra N 06 — Si L 0U i 8 g£ . ™*
Eureka Con.. — CO Syndicate 04 cm
Exchequer .. 29 30|Un!on Con . OS rn
Could & Cur. 19 20|Utah 0 8 fin
Uale &. Norc. 60 68 1 Yellow Jacket «»3 •><
Julia 0G 07| ' "*
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask.| t> m A ., r
Colehan — 07!n e scue .... _ As &
Esperansa ... — 01 Ton Belmont.. 60 70
Gold Anchor. 20 30|Ton & Cal _ i£
Gold M Con. 02 06 Ton Cash Boy 06 —
Hannapah ... — 07 Ton Exten..l 05 1 12U
Little Ton .. 25 — iTon Gold M — i«
Mont Ton..,.l 57% — |Ton of Nev...S 00 fi 7^
Pine Grove .. 50 — Ton N Star. 28 "o
Ray Ton ... 11 15|Ton Midway. 37 So
Ray & OBrien 0-t 04! Ton & Salt L. 40 50
Continued From Page nineteen.
COMMERCIAL NnWS
on N line of Frederick street, 28 B of Wlllard,
E 100. >f 81:11%, W to a point 28 E of Wll
lard and 91 N of Frederick, s 01; $10.
William A. and Grace G. Lingo to Augustine
Meyer* (Royer), lot on W line of Willard street,
100 S of Frederick, S 28. W 100. S »:«, W 37:6,
N 87:6, E 137:6; $10.
Emmellne L. and Oeorje E. Bates to Rich
ard P. and Mary E. Bldwell. lot on N line of
Sacramento street, 137:6 W of Locust. W 2ft by
N 127.8%: $10.
Nellie Henry (wife) to Robert S. Henry, un
divided four-sevenths interest in lot on W
line of Wood street. 150 S of Point Lobos
avenue, 8 25 by W 120; $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to Mary
Fogarty. lot on W line of Clayton etreet. 75 S
of Carl. S 25 by W 100; $10.
C. A. Buckley to Sophie McDonoush. lot on
S l!n* of Hill street. 1S5 E of Noe, E 25 by S
114; $10.
Joseph and Sarah Naphtaly to George
Lubosch. lot on W line of Hampshire street, 115
N of Twenty-third. N 23 by W 10O; $10.
Rosalie and Frederick Straub to M. K.
Johnson, lot on E line of York etreet. 182 S
of Twenty-third, S 26 by E 11X1; $10.
Jameg and Mary McCook to John and Jo
hanna Gibeau lot on N line of Day street,
100 E of Dolores, E 25 by N 114; $10.
Mary Duffy to Thomas. Stevenson, lot on N
line of Duncan street, 50 E of Church. E 25 by
N 114: $10
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Thomas F.
Robinson, lot on NR corner of Twenty-third
ani Castro streets, N 26:6 by E 103; $10.
Joaepti and Hermine Baer to Elol II. Schultz,
lot on S line of Commercial street, 48:5 W of
Kearny. W 20 by S 50:6: $10.
Elizabeth Staude to Oaetano Copertini, lot
on NW corner of Vallejo street and Vulcan
line. N 65 by W i(>: $10.
Mary and John Lee Jr. to Alice A. Doane,
undivided sixth of lot on S line of Sutter
street, 91 :S E of Taylor. E 72:10 by S 137:6;
grant.
Patrick nnd Margaret Biggins to James F-
Kelly, lot on W line of Vermont Etreet, 166:8
N of Twenty-third. N 33:4 by W 100: $10.
John A. and Amanda S. Sellman to Will D.
Hinckley. lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 75
S of Clement street. S 2"> by E 105; $10.
George A. Turner and Clara T. Hahmann to
Robert N. Smith, lot on E line of Thirteenth
avenue, 200 S of 1? street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters to John and
Julia Doelger lot on E line of Seventh avenue,
35 S of Hugo street; S 25 by E 05; $10.
Michael and Julia Mullany to same, lot on
SE corner of Seventh avenue and Hugo street,
S 35 by E 05; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Antolne Schmitt,
lot on W line of Forty-seventh avenue, 150 N
of L street, N 25 by W 120: $10.
William and Agnes G. Mann to Christian
ajid Adeline C. It. Husar, lot on N llne^ of
Fr.irmount street. 202 E of Chenery. E 30 bfles T
125, lots 4 and 5, block IS. Falrmount; $1™
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to George
Ryan, rc-record 20«V> D. 129, lot on E. line of
Condon street, 74 N of Paralta avenue. N 25
by E 70, lot 21, George Ryan «ubdi\'islon Pre
cita Valley 234 to 236; also lot on W line of
Condon street. 25 N of Peralta, N 24:6 by W
70. lots 10 to 12, same: also lot on W line of
Butler street and NE line of Tomasa. N
113:.-)«». W 2.".. S 90:2%. SE 2S:0. lot* 9 to 11,
Mock 2, George Ryan subdivision Franconla,
Precita Valley 50; $10.
Klntraoht Spar and Ban Vereln to James B.
Cowden. lots 19 and 20, block 12. Flint Tract;
$10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Edith M. Styles, lot on S line of Joost
street. 225 E of Congo, E 25 by S 80, lot 10,
bloek 41. Sunnyslde; $10.
Edith M. and H. Styles to W. A. Merralls,
sam»; $10.
William N. Anderson to Sarah J. Anderson,
lot 8S. Bernal Homestead; gift.
Emil C. Peters to Johanna Sheehan. lot on
N line of Eighteenth avenue, 50 E of Hattle
street, E 25 by N 75, block A, Park Lane
Tract; $10.
Sarah E. and Frank II. Loftus to George C.
: Kemp, lot en N line of Palmetta street, JiO W
of Head. W 100 by N 100. lots 3 to 6, block 40,
City Land Association; $10.
Baldwin & Howell to Leopolt Camlnetti. lots
13 and 14, block 1, subdivision 1, Castro
street Addition; $10.
William H. and Clara B. Greene to G.
Howard Thompson, lot on S line of Old Ocean
House road, d'stant SW 1331 from station 33.
Rancho Laguna. SW 1120. SE 765. NE 745.
SE 352, SE 38S. NW 1092. containing 22.8
1 acres, being- Gum Forest, or Green Place, and
all Interest in roads, etc; $10.
Samuel M. Samter to Geraud P. and Mary
Moiiille, lots 130, 206 and 208. Holllday map A;
$10.
tBuildors' Contracts.
Ernest Brand (owner) with H. II. Larsen &
Brothers (contractors), architect C. A,|Meusa
; dnrffer — Excavation and concrete, cement,
I brick, terra cotta, sandstone, mantels, iron,
steel and am tin. n work for a five-story and
basement brick buildinx en N line of O'Farrell
street. 103:1% E cf Leavenworth, E 34:4^ by
N 137:0: $12,008.
Same owner with A. H. Wilhelm (contrac
tor), architect pnmo — Carpenter, mill work,
hardware, galvanized iron work, tinning, com
position roofing, frlnzlng, lathing and plaster
ing, tiling, usbestolith. marble work, for same
on same; $17,002.
Same owner v.-lth J. Looney (contractor),
architect same — Plumbing, gasfUtlng. sewer
work, hot water service and piping, for same
oi same; $4U38.
Sams owner with II. Maundrell (contractor),
architect same — Painting, tinting and burlap,
for same on same; $1«S5.
Same owner with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors), architect same — One passenger
elevator for same on same; $2230.
Frank Toso (owner) with Frank Demartlnl
(contractor), plans by owner — All work for a
three-story and basement frame building, on
N line of Waller street. 200 W of Fillmore;
$5950.
William Delaney (owner) with James Welsh |
contractor), architects Kidd & Anderson — All
work except tinning, mantels, gas fixtures and
shades for a two-story and basement frame
building (flats) on E line of Douglass street,
10S N of Eighteenth, E 125 by N 25; $4147.
Rose Hogan (owner) with Felix Marcuse
(contractor), architect— All work for a
tvo-story frame bulldlnc (flats) en AV line of
Socond avenue. 100 N of Clement: ?4310.
Mrs. Rose Braden (owner) with F. A.
Blanchard (contractor). architect — All
work for a two-story frame building on B line
of Lyon street, 137:0 N of Post, 37:6 by 110;
$4800.
Anastla and William C. Yates (owners) with
Csmeron & Dlsston (contractors and architects)
—'AH work for a two-story frame budding on
Eighth avenue, 175 N of B street, N 25 by E
120; $3000.
Agnes M. Quinn (owner) with A. II. WIN
helm (contractor), architect, H. G. Corwln —
All work for a throe-story frame building (store
and flats) and remodeling of one-story frame
building on AV line of Valencia street, 172:6 N
of Twenty-third, and -running through to San
Jose avenue by 27:6; $7600.
S. Silverstone (owner) with F, L.' Hansen
(contractor), architect- Philip Schwerdt— All
work for two three-story frame buildings on B
line of Ashbury street, 25 N of Halght. N 50
by E 100: *15,50O.
Mrs. M. Neumann (owner) with Henry Mini
ster (contractor), architect Hermann Barth —
All work except shades for a frame cottage
on W line of Eighth avenue. 150 S of Clement
Btreet. S 25 by AV 120. outside lot 180; $24(57.
Jame* L. Flood (owner) with H. Haustein
(contractor), architect Albert PisMs— Sidewalk
lights, etc.. for building: on NE corner of
Powell and Eddy streets, E 228:1U. NE
ISHje'Si, NW 02:8U. N 114:11%, W 137:10, S
275; $5flDS 05.
Charles AVheeler (owner) with Karl M. Nlel
6en (contractor), architect J. F. Dunn — All work
except plumbing for a three»»tory frame build
ing (nine fiats) on NE corner of Church and
.Sixteenth streets, 75 on Sixteenth by 69:6 on
Oh,,"* 111.700. '
For they were professional mystics
from the cut-rate revelation factory at
406 Geary street, and it was there that
"Dr." Rlchsteln, it Is alleged, com
mitted the offense charged against him.
His wife was the stellar palmist of the
establishment and her five companions
were witnesses summoned by the
prosecution. They expressed willing
ness to testify to the defendant's guilt,
and the court assumed that they would
be equally willing to contribute their
pyschological talents to his capture.
The assumption was not unwisely ven
tured, for in the chase the officer is ac
companied by enough clairvoyancy
and other eerie agencies to unearth
Dunham or locate the Rio. .
There Is nothing original about Mrs.
Richsteln's latest complaint against
her husband. It was preceded almost
word for word about two months ago,
Half-a-dozen middle-aged women,
somberly clad and thickly veiled, sat
in Judge Mogan's courtroom yester
day morning and vainly awaited the
coming of "Dr." John J. Rlchsteln, ac
cused of threatening to kill his wife.
When the hour of adjournment arrived
a bench warrant was issued for the
defendant's arrest and the policeman
to whom service of the document was
entrusted received a hint from the
bench that the six ladies in black
might be able to lend occult aid to his
quest.
George Rocco and George Manicuto
disturbed the Sabbath peace of China
town by driving their horses and wag-
Harry. Clark, a University of Califor
nia student, was pronounced guilty of
disturbing the peace by annoying two
respectable young women on Sacra
mento street, near Fillmore, at 1:30
o'clock one morning last week, and will
be sentenced to-day. The complainants
testified that after he had accosted
them and been repulsed he insisted on
walking with them. and did walk with
them until they gave him Into custody.
A youth who was with Clark escaped.
Earl E. Waterman's wife appeared
with an infant in her arms and in
formed Judge Mogan that she had de
cided to withdraw her request that her
husband be sent to jail for ill-treating
her.
"I expected as much,"<sald his Honor
to the woman. Then, sternly, to the
man. "If you come up here again for
neglecting your family I'll refuse to
consider your wife's forgiveness. Go
home,"
Bailiff Hickey's words were audible
only to Clerk Grey, but even the pris
oners in the cage heard the whispered
response, "Of course, it's a bluff."
For the third time B. Ghaeffoli,
blacksmith, stood accused of blocking
Oregon street, between Front and Da
vis, by allowing nine wagons to stand
in the roadway over night. The previ
ous offenses were condoned by Judge
Mogan, but the third one provoked a
$20 fine.
"Drel dimes an' ouid, eh, what?" said
the defendant, facetiously.
"That's what," was the pleasant re
sponse from the bench. "And your next
violation of the ordinance may mean
four* times and in."
There was joy in. the City Prison
when an order from Judge Mogan re
leased fifteen snakes of various kinds
which had been held there since Sat
urday night as evidence against Carl
S. Davis, charged with stealing them
from an itinerant showman by whom
he had been employed as advance
agent. Davis failed to appear for trial,
and the serpents were turned over to
the custody of the complaining wit
ness.
It wasn't fear of their effect upon
the mind3 of the human prisoners that
made the snakes abnoxlous to the jail
ors, because most of the cell Inmates
were inured to imagined association
with rattlers and garters and other
menagerie curios and could not be
frightened «by night of real varmints.
It was the visiting policemen whose
nerves were in danger of being upset
by sqoing snakes and not knowing they
were genuine.
• * •
There was no surplus adipose attach
ed to any of the "hop-heads" who ap
peared before Judge Mogan in con
nection with the case of William
Wheatley, charged with holding up a
Chinese opium den and robbing four
male inmates one night last week.
Wheatley himself looked as if his
earthly tenure is limited, and the vic
tims of his alleged raid bore unmis
takable symptoms of familiarity with
the life-shortening delights of the
"long draw." One of them was a full
blood negro, but the fumes of the poppy
juice had lightened his complexion to
an ashen gray.
The story published at the time of the
holdup was repeated in court and no
new details were brought out. When
the defense asked for time to prove
an alibi the Judge continued the hear
ing till next Thursday.
"Bill" Higglns has been a confirmed
opium fiend for twenty consecutive
years, yet he tipped the bean at 187
pounds as he stood before Judge Fritz
and denied he was a vagrant.
"I hit de dope, all right," said Wil
liam, "but I work fer de dough to buy
it wid. A g«nt hez a puffet right ter
do wot he likes wld his own dough,
hesn't he?"
"How do you manage to retain your
flesh?" the Judge inquired.
"Aw, dis ain't flesh — dis is jest bone
an' mussel," answered "Bill," display
ing a bared and brawny arm.
"What a man you'd be if you did not
use opium," was the aamiring com
ment of the Judge, who is something
of an athlete himself.
"An' wot a lot uv comfort I'd miss,"
was "Bill's" rejoinder.
Then he was dismissed.
. . .A
when the defendant was dismissed with
a reprim£md after he had promised to
let the woman pursue in peace her
chosen calling of reading human hands
at 10 cents per perusal. It was to em
bark as a professional palmist that she
left his bed and board, and he seemed
satisfied with single harness until he
ascertained that she was literally mak
ing money hand over fist. Then he
haunted her chamber of mystery and
threatened to kill her if she did not
either return to him or divide her
earnings. That's the story she told
in court and he failed to controvert it.
After his dismissal and warning the
"doctor" resumed visiting the Geary
street shop and pestering the women
therein engaged, but not until 7:30
o'clock last Sunday evening did he se
riously fracture the peace. Then, en
raged by his wife's obduracy to his
pleadings for reconciliation, he started
to "clean out" the place and had
worked sad and irreparable havoc ere
his destructive hand was stayed by the
arresting policeman. The property de
stroyed by him includes a number of
palm imprints of prominent persons
and a sheaf of horoscopes In process
of construction. But more damaging
than any material vandalism was the
effect of his berserk behavior upon the
minds of the seeresses. He utterly
routed the mental tranquillity that is
so absolutely essential to surveying
the future, inspecting current hap
penings at the other side of the uni
verse or communing with the shades
of folk gone before, and some of the
women fear that their departed equa
nimity will not be fully restored until
he is permanently removed from their
thoughts.
All these considerations "will be de
liberately weighed when the Judge has
the elusive defendant before him in the
flesh.
Woman Accuses Him of Threatening to Kill Her
and Other Feminine Professors of the Occult
Charge Him With Destroying Valuable Property
HUSBAND OF SEERESS FAILS
TO ANSWER SERIOUS CHARGE
Threa vagrants were given twenty
four hours apiece by Judge Mogan
after they had pleaded as follows:
Abe Raymond — "Was waiting to see
the sun rise when a policeman arrested
him at midnight on Sacramento street.
Thomas Ahearn — Going to work \rhen
he was arrested at 3 o'clock a. m. on
Kearny street. He had been arrested
several times previously just as he was
proceeding to work after a long period
of Idleness.
John Mariner 1 — Was going to release a
coat which he had pledged for drinks
when an unreasonable patrolman took
him In. Could not remember exactly
where he had pledged the coat.
Joseph ILgan. a striking stableman.
was arraigned before Judge Mogan for
drunkenness and assault with a deadly
weapon on J. W. Fuller, a non-union
stableman, and the case will be heard
next Thursday.
H. L. Cochran, also a hostler on
strike, was fined $20 by Judge Fritz for
carrying a revolver. He was arrested
at the ferry station and failed to show
necessity for having the deadly weapon
in his possession.
• * •
"I scratched his face and then he just
shoved mine a little," said Mabel Wil
liams, but Judge Mogan pronounced M.
Griffin, an Eddy-street saloon-keeper,
guilty of battery, just the same as if
Mabel had not tried to lighten his of
fense.
"Your story might bring intended re
sult," said his Honor to the woman, "if
you had not deliberately tried to avoid
appearing in this court after you had
complained that this paramour of
yours had blackened your eyes and cut
your lip with his fist. I will sentence
him to-morrow."
one at breakneck speed through the
most crowded thoroughfares of that
quarter, and Judge Fritz fined them
$2 60 apiece.
As the policeman described the dash-
Ing pace at which the horses were go
ing the Judge glanced at the swart
faces of the young defendants and said
something about the blood that surged
in- the veins of a multitude when Ben
Hur guided his steeds to victory
against the Roman charioteer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1904.
18
rtOOMS TO LET — Farn. stnJ t'nflf.
SXGIITYI ;«»'- -Xi'-ely lurrii*h<?<l bsiy-wtadaw
. ";r--nt raoia for •^r.t!«r..an ai-.J v\ife. or two
S««r.t>'r;'-:i
« CKABr. M-A nlc*. ple»s»at furnished room;
i:r.:i.r.? v. 4 ur; Cfatap. t HRB^. *JC>l«Af.
c/>c«:il 31-- Tnre* p'jnr.y c«*aer unfurnished
Toorn*'- sea bafn. V}*™*- etc.; >dult«.
HOTEL. DUFFERlX.fW !::ils-Eleeantly fur-
Rtstrsd n.itc-s end ?:r.«l* rooms.
• PORT ', 6R>. war; Hytle^Lars* furnished front
rooia: LsUh: pa?; for 1 cr 2 c*nt«.
' iBdJaW
.;. ..* ; rooms with I- * and potdyater; baths.
tKft. nr Market— Urse. ele.
tor. ninny mem; Uuiti. gn?. <-!cs.. piano. »s.
ELTTEn C'i-Funny front rr.oms; hot and
'" roM waiter sr.d hath; ;»-rir.s reasonably.
••TUE ST. KATHttrX. N'V ear. I^aver.worth
Hr.i1 Kills— FtnrifJt roer.i* in the cits-; new
btftrl; Sa« ramlsfeefl fre»h and c!-an; nalr
arattfectse* ir. every room: als-o hot ana eld
vr.-.T. "sathe. cle.; stesua h^at throughout:
,vv,i' T rerflce :iri'i ovrrv mod'rn convenl-
¦•¦. . -'¦ i:-< frcn f.i \-<T week up.
~.*y:-OTV IS9— Ni<-«> sunny furrlshefl rooms;
:?r*" ":'.it*i rnd !'hfint. •
TS1UC B3T— itoaTate rmrlora. ttcKl' or cn suite;
ret\!y reno\ateii; light housekeeping if pre-
lerre'i.
UNITED «5TATE6 12*! E<3<iy. r.ear Msrk«-t— 400
rr<m:«. SSe to f : . z:'.fM. SI '75 to ?6 week; ele?-
trie lldita <r.c pas), t-ur.ninsr water in fvery
r<<im: «-lc\-ator.r< 1 i>j.-ror.m: fre" bus; baggage.
VAi.EN"CIA tlfJ— Nicely furnished front room.
suitable for one or two gentlernen; rent rea-
#or:aV>'.o.
'.VfCfMKSTER Hotet 44 Si st.. rear Market—
Vn<: n/nvcniMit and rr«i.«rtab1e: ~<K> rooms;
:;r.r m Si 50 nip'u: *2 to ?S wf^k: elevator;
f ,.. lici.'^; readlnc-TOOOi: free bus; bacgas*.
riioijFlif>us«> l'fr_ Hixth st.— Rooms fiora 15c
to Jl per ni*ht p.nd fi-onj !>0c to $5 per weeK.
\nVT T RTFl^ri5Kr.'TS. subscriptions received at
rail branch oftlce. cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A? HP. \NCH office of Tiie Call for the reception
<¦' ¦dverUstmenU «Jid subscriptior.s has l^n
.... iv«; st KO Market ft., opposite Fifth.
• Open r.ntil 11 p. m. _
O!i:A5'i:sT and bfst in America— The Weekly
• •„¦; ;>: ;.acr>H. 5-":it to any aJdr^ss in tbe
l"nUe<1 Stitr-F cr (¦'ar.s'ia one year for ?1.
BOOMS AND HOARD.
(HEART, 1 COS— -Sur.ny, desirable room, with
bca'd; hiirip cojk'.r.:.
lf<;TFI> Audulxn. 1105 Hyde et.. corner Cali-
f..m : ..i —^urry Fuit<"«; lioard Al : fuirmer ratea
f*<".(>M an.l :: rneaJsi day. JIS to $2'> per month;
priratc family. 1«'21 Washington, nr. Magon.
nooins and board wanted.
REEPOCTABUS ycur.K man wishes board with
•¦»-i^ctaM«» frr.iily: bfyt refs. Box .^S5S. Call.
ROOMS IVAITBO.
' CCXn>*O(A*K wants single suncy room: cen-
tral location. Box ST42. Call office.
UA3C fr.if vii'r arkBt " housekeeping rooms.
Fox .."4-X. Oall office.
(V ANTED — A fu-nished room out of town;
*hi»pdy to r»r. Bux ~*S3. Call orflce.
V,«. NTI*I>— A sunny room; state price. Box
1-5-". Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
V \XTED — Two unfurnished rf<»m» within 4
t.i.-rk* «r !>fvi?ad"r<'»and Oak. 391.1. Call.
*K\VI\G SIACHIMCS AXD SCPPCIES.
VOC MAKE A MISTAKE
If >.-u bojr a »=«>ti ir.K machine without first
f \a»riii:init th*- "Wliite." whirh makes b jth
.-. hf Ink and chain stitch: has finest furniture
and full b»".ll-b*arin«; ttand: is made in b>->th
r-'jj-ry and viDrstinr shuttlf stylf-:: runs
*!i,~h<»*t. lasts lonces>t and if acknowledged t»
1 1 tbe kfnp of all Sewing Machines. City
..ffio-e. SOU I'ost Et.. 1S41 Filmore Et. and 708
Valencia *t.
DOMESTIC— Tbe machine for family use: best
is chrap^ft; *eronJ-liand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tit- office. 1021 Market s>t.. near Sixth.
NKW HOUB— Ree our new trivl<»-fced. mi-
• liines: BllidJUy us'-d: $'.0. $!.'¦. 120: second-
hand. ?.".. %T> $S: cil styles; guarantee<J. New
• Ijrrv Sem-inc Ifacnlne Co.. 1051 Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
EATC p'HANCISCO ajjd Suburban Home Bu!Id-
:n«; Fociety. *th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
bui'.dir^. 70S Market et.. opposite Third —
For the" half yea- fT<i'.r\K Slst of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate" per annum of (12» twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
frre of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 10O4. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD; Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
l.IViDEND Nc. 9, 5 per cent, now due and pay-
• bi* to d^rotitors of Pacific Bank at 403 Mont-
gomery St.. room 6. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
T1PCWHITERS AXD StPPLIES.
AN «xcept!onal!y eoo<1 No. 2 Remington. No. I
Sn-tth Premier. $25; other typewriters at
fclsher and lower prices: rentals t'l 50. Tn«
Typewritixir Exchange. 536 California st.
A FETW good typewriters «t $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont.
rcraery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
VT»*j«irr Typewriter In»r>ec Co Bf)8 Market.
~~ST AB E,ES~ TO~tET. _ _
FOVR si^Us and wsgon room. 4200 I&th St.,
umm <Viiiir.£wood.
M(T'li:itl.V(> 4\U STAWMKKI\O.
KfELGOGJUCE Institute. Van Xew & Market.
promises cure II in fair health; hours 1 to b.
LEGAL AUVUITI>EMK\TS.
NOTICE — u;noe of Insurance Commissioner.
San, Francisco. Cal., May 11, 19o4 — Having
as< eruiin»-d that the capital i-tock of the
l : nlon Surety and Guaranty Company has
become irr.]iE.!red. and that said company has
become Insolvent within the true intent and
cie»n!ns of the insurance laws of the State
of California. • have this day revoked its
• crtificate cif authority, previously granted,
as provided !n section 600 of the Political
Code, and notice Is hereby given that said
company is no longer Bs*rlborize4 to transact
t^e burines* of insurance within this Ftate.
r.. MTRON WOLF. Irtstirance Commissioner.
MAnKL4.GE L.ICEXSES.
The- following marriage licensee were Issued
yesterday:
FMwin Hewitt, 27. 1224 Vermont etreet. and
Freifia Zehrfier. 2<\ S026 Pierce street.
*lex!s U Ehrman, SO, city, and Elizabeth A.
BiManyer. 21. city.
<"arl M. L. Hermann, 28, 519 Van Ness ave..
cr.d Florence B. !>>ete. 23, S18 Van Ness ave.
:¦*•]•»! Aniof, 22. i)lS Jaxkson street, and
Ophelia Knox. IS, 1123 Powell etreet.
August Netzer. 33, city, and Lizzie Elliott,
33, 'city.
John J. Carr. 30, 11>4 Freelon street, and
Carol me J. Lareen, 19, Santa Barbara.
John Anderson. -15. OaJcland. and Cora M,
8haber.. 2S, 24A Jule.a avenue.
Carl E. Brown, 23, 120 Second avenue, and
'Charlotte Lucas, 22, 123 Second avenue.*
Oabriele Parin!, 27. Selby, and Ernest*
De Dionifi. 23. Stlby.
John Jasjiowsky. 2S. 10 Clara etreet, »cd An-
r.ie Keri. 18, 124 A Gilbert street.
William P. Daly, 27. R23 Montgomery street
and Ilia M. Cutler, 30. E23 Montcomery -treetT
TffiTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, jaarrtajr* and death- notices sent by
TTCil will not be inserted. They must be handed
in «t either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have tbe eatne published.
Notices restricted rlmply to the announcement
of tbe event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN."
BRADT— In !h!« city. May 16, 1301. to tha
wife of TVniiBm Brady, a son.
D'OMBRAIX— In this city, to the wife of
Eroeet W. D'Ombraln. a. daughter.
HIRSCHBERG— In this city. May 14. 1904 to
ihe wife of Bert HirBcIiberjr. a daughter*
ROSENTHAL— Tn this city. May 14. 1S04, to
. the wife of Samuel Uosenthal (nee Cohn),
a son.
nUHSEIt— In this city. May 6. 1904, to tho
trife of TV. F. Ruhser. a daughter.
_ MARRIED.
BLANK- TEACHOrjT— In this city. May 14.
1904, at St. Teresa's parochial residence, by
Her. Father O'Connell. William Blank *n<J
Beatrice Ttachout. both of Ban Francisco.
Hl-GHES— TEHRILL— In this city. May 14
1B04, by the Rev. E. L. Walz, paster Fourth
V - ocgrega.tlona! Church, Henry Hushes and
Gertrude M. -TerrS!!, both /)f San Francisco.
KLEIST— CHMIEL— In this city. May 14. 1804.
by the Rev. J. II. Schroeder, Hermann
Klr-ist and Scfie Chmiel.
TATTON— BENnKE— In this city. May 14.
1DC4, by the Rev. J. H. SchToeder, Sxmuel
Txv.on and Sofie Cbtnlcl.
Positively enred by these
Uttle Pills.
Thfij also reHere Distress torn Dyspepsia,
' Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating:. A per-
j feet remedy for Dizziness, JCaasea, Drow-I«
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongno
Pain in the Side, TORPID ITVTR. They
j Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Doso.
Small Price.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. (
yyj'uZSSy *$&*&£&* »¦*-*! M~ IUJ< f|
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO U
LEAVES DAILY }|
' at 9:3O *• ra., through in 3 days, I
vrtth dinar and all trappings. O
Other SanU 7* Trains s
1:52*- "-1 tor Stockton. Kremo. BakenfttM.
lioo £ Si J Merced. Hanford and VlaalU.
4:0O p. o. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansa* Cltr. Grand Canyoa an4
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCES— €41 MarSet St. vxS.
Terry Depot, S. 7. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland. OaL 87 Souta Tint 8U
San Joio.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANU NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAT CO3S7AXnr.
TlDoron Ferry. Poot of ilarket Street.
SAW rBAKCXSCO TO SAIT EAPASL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:0U; 0:00. ll:uo a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00 9:SO. 11:00 a. ra.: 1:30.
2:30. 3:40, 6:10. 6:3a 11:30 d. m.
SAN EATAEIi TO 3A2T F&AZTCZSCO.
"WEEK DAYS — 6:i>0. 0:&0. 7:^3. I :SO. a:2U.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 3:00. 3:^0.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:15
SUNDAYS— «:50. 7:33. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 3:00. 3:20. «:25. 7:50 p. ra. tEx*
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 19O4. | San t'ran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week*
Daya. ] days. | tlon. |^da ya. { Day».
7:30 a I 7:45 al 7:45 a
7:30a 8:l>Oa 8:40a! 8:40*
8:0O a 9:30 a Ijnaclo. 1O:2O a 10:2t) »
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 8:20 n
5:10p S:10p 6:20p I^ip
7:23 p
m ; f 8:45 p
7:30a 7:SO a ', 7:43 a 7:43 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Xovato. [10:20 a 10:20 »
2:30 p 0:30 a Fetatuma Itsr.'Op 6;2O p
3:10p 2:30p and 1 7:23 pi 7:23 o
5:10 p Santa Rosa. | 8:45 p|
7 :30 a 7 :30 a 10:20 a|10:2O »
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6-20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:43 p| 7:23 p
Windsor. j j
T:30a 7:30 a Healdsburgr. 110:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p G^yservllle. 7:23 p 7:23 n
Cloverdale. |
7:30a|7:30a| Hcpland 110:20 iTllO-20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. f 7:25 pf 7:23 9
j j WiliitB. j j
7:S0a| 7:30 a[ Sherwood. f T:23 pf 7":25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10-2O »
2:30 pf 2:30 pf Carop Vacation. I 8:43 p| 8:20 »
8:00a 8:00a 8:40 a' 8:40*
fi:10p 9:301 Sonoma. 6:C0pl6:20n
8:10 p Clen Ellen. |8:43p|
T:30 at 7:30 al 110:20 ail0:2» »
2:30 p| 2:30 p[ Sebaatopol. f 7:23 p[ 6:20 9
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whit*
Sulphur Springs; at Fulton for Altrurta aad
Mark Went Sprlnss: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs: at Gjyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdalo for the Geysers. Boonevllie "and
Greenvcodrvat Hopland for Duncan Sprinn
Highland Springs. Keiseyville. Cariabai
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprlass: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratorm
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. WltUr
Pprings. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valler
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley*a Buknen'*-
Sanhedrin Heights. HuUvllle. o*t* h o ,
Bpringe. Halfway House. Comptche. Cainn
6tevjn«. Hopkln*. Mendocino City. Fort Brazr
¦VVestport. Us*!; at WKllta for Fort Bralx*
Westport. Sherwood. Ckhto. Covelo. L«yton-
vllle. Cummin*. Bell's Springs. Karris, oi-
sens Dyer. Garbervllle. Peppcrwood. 3cotia_
and 'Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r».
duced tates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tlcltats to all potato
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offi.ee, 630 Market street. Chronic!*)
tm 11 J Inc.
H. C. WH1T1XO. R. 3C RTA3J.
Pen. Manager. Gen. Paas. Agt.
li^*SlE^lll5J ROSS VAIIFY
CAZADERO, Etc*
li^^KffiSLSli Via SausaUto Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Wpajr* from !-^n TwtrtHCe, »nk <Iava, at
6:30. 7:10. 7:45. S:30, 9:15. 10:0O. ll:0O a. m.
«ll:40 a. m. SausaUto only). 12:20. 1:43 3:1.";
4:00. 4:33, 5:13. 5:30. 6:2a. 7:15. 9:00. 10:20.
11.35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:13. 8:30. 9:13. 10:00, ll:CO. 11:40
a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 3:15. 4:0O, 4:33
5:15. 5:50. 6:25, 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:34
p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, w*«-k days. C:17.
7:CO. 7:35. 8:15. 8:43. 0::». 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12:05. 1:23. 2:.'.O. 3:.C>. 4:2O. 5:05. 5:4O. 6:15.
«.55. 7:33, li):0."», 11:23 p. m. On Sundays snj
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43, 2:05,
8:7W p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:13 a. m..
3:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. m. .'et. t«at.) On Sundays
and lejraf holidays at 7:43. S:30. 9:15. 10:(X>.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00, 1:43. 2:30. 7:15
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. tn. dally — Cazndcro and way stations.
9:15 a. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
.1:15 p. ra. dally except Sunday— For Caza>
dero. eU\
5:13 p. m. daily except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point K«.-y^s. etc.
7:15 p. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:15 p. m. Sunday? only — For CazaJero etc.
TICKET OFFICE— OJ Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave ; Vu >«a»4liu Perry; Arrive
San Francisco [ ¥-*t «f Bartrt St. I San Franc: vo
Week I Sun- | sni.- Week
Day?. 1 day«. | cJjiym. Day?.
8T30a fj^^S*7fl I|:4BP«8:45;
...10:00 a V^^^yaS 2:05 p '11:05 a
10:00a 11:C0a V^>^T?r 3:35 k 3:35 r
1:45pJ2:20p %-^W • 6:40 p 6:15 p
6:tBr 1:45 p \&&y 6:15 r 10:05 p
< 4;35r 8:50 p
* Tia Grafity Car. * TaealpaU U Mill Val tj.
Tickbt \6-^i Market St. (North shore KaiboMt)
OfriCM >«nd Kick^t. Foot Market St.
The Weekly Call
$1 per Year.
y^* H^iSjv Trains leave and are* due
/*O^cTTr>j^JS. to arrl t» at
FRANCISCO.
\^r~3p3Z~) ».) Fxox Mat 15, 1)04.
\_2-S (Foot of Market Street.)
«*t« - MAIN UNE. -ab»it«
7.00a VacaTlIle. Winter*. Ramsey 7-50f
7.00a Benlcla, Sultan, Elmlraaad Sacra-
mento 7.20p
7.30* Vallejo. Xspa, Csllstog*. Saata
Rosa, Martinez, 8»n Ramon B-20i"
7 30a Nile*. LlTermore. Tracy. Lathrop.
Stockton 7.20p
P. 00* Shunt* Express— (Via Davis).
Williams (for Bartlett Springs),
Willows. tFrnto. Hed Dluff,
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7-50r
800* Davis. Woodland. Knights Landing;
Msrysrille, OroTllle 7-8Qr
830a Port Costa, Martinet. Antloch,
Dyron, Tracy. Stockton. Sew-
man, Los Hubos. Mendots,
Armona. Hanford. Ylsalls,
Porterrllle 4.20*
8.30a Port Costa. Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno, »o»hen Junc-
tion. Hanford, VIsall*. Bakers-
Held 450r
P-50* Niles, Sun Jose. LlTermore. Stock-
ton, (tMlltoa). lone. Sacramento,
PlucerTllle. MarysTllle, Cblco,
Red BlaS 4.20r
8.30* Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Taolnmne and Angela 4-20?
9 00a Atlantic Express— Ogden »nd R»st. 11.20*
8.30a Richmond, Martinez aad War
Stations 6 60r
1000* The Overland Limited — Ogden.
DenTer. Omaha, Chicago. 8.20r
10.00a V»IleJo 12.20?
10.00a Los Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Goshrn Junc-
tion, Hanford, Lemoore, Vlaalla.
Bakersneld. Lo» Anireles 720?
12.00k Hayward. Kites and Way Stations. 3-20r
M.OOp Sacramento KWer Steamers tii.OOr
330r Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knrghts Landing.
MarjsTllle, OroTille and way
stations 10-50*
330r Harward.XlleaandWay Stations.. 7-50r
3.30r Fort Costa, Martinez. Hyron,
Tracy, Latbrop, Modesto.
Merced, Serenas, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20*
3-30P Tooeraite Valley, via Berenda and
Wivost 8.50*
3.30r MsrUnex, Tracy. Stockton. Lortl... 1020*
4 00r Martlnez.SnnKamoa.Vallejo.Ifapa,
Callstoga, SanU Rosa. 9-20*
4 COf Klles. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
4.30r Hayward. Klles. Irrlngton, Eaaj t8.50a
Jose. Llvormore ,. I (11.60*
, 5-OOf The Owl Limited— Newman. Lds
Banus. Mendoia. Fresno. Tulare,
BakersOeld. Los Angeles 8-50*
B.OOr Port Costa. Tracj. Stockton 12.20?
(530r liny ward, Mies and San Jo*« 7.20a
6- OOp Hayward. Klles and San Jose. 950*
I 6-00? Eastern Express— Ogden. DenTer,
Onaba. St. Lonls. Cbtcago and
East. Port Costa, Benlcia, Sal-
•an. Elmtrm, v»»l». Sacramento,
Roeklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Truckee, Boca, Reno. Wadi-
t worth, Wlnneinncca 6.20p
8. 00 Vallejo, dally, except Sunday I 7 cn
7.00? Vallejo, Snnday only \ /out
7X0r Klchmond, San Pablo, Port Costa,
Mnrtlaes and Way stations 11.20a
7-COr Oregon * c-iltfornin Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle. Reading.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8-6O1
8.0 Br Keno Passenger — Trnckee, Lake
Tahoe 7-60a
: 8.1 Of Hayward, Mies and San Jose (Sna-
dayonly) 11-50*
COAST LINE (Harrow banfe).
: <Koot of Market Street.)
7-45* Santa Crm Excurslon(Snnday only) 8-1 Or
8-16a Newark, CenterTllle, Saa Jose,
Felton, Boulaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5-55r
1 2-1 or Newark, Centerrllle, Sao Joio,
New Almaden. Loo Gatos.Fe'.ton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations t!0 55*
4.16f Newark. San Jose, LosOatos and i t8-55 4
way «t»tlop» ) M055i
; OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FKANCibUO, Fool of Market St. Ollpti
-tT:l5 t:0t> 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 516 r.x.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — r6:0u \i-.m
tS:O> 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4-00 r.u.
COAST LINE (BruaU Wauge).
i < tiT (i'iilrd and Vo\Tni<end Streets.)
6.10a San Jo«e and Way Stations 6-30*
t700* San Jose and Way Stations 6 40r
I 7.16a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30i*
8.00a New Almaden (Tnes., Frld., only), 4-lUr
8 011* The Coaster— Stops only Saa Jo*e.
Gllroy (connection for Hoi lis-
ter). Pajaro. Ca*troTllle (con-
nection to and frum Monterey
and PaettJc Urove). Salinas. San
Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lais Obtspo. principal
stations thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barl>ara,San Buena-
Tentnra, Burbank. L«>» Angeles . 10 45"
9.00a San Jose, Tres I'lnos. Capltola,
SantaCruz, Pacific GroTe.Saltnas,
Shu Lulu ()M«po and Principal
Way Station* 4.10?
10.30a EanJuse and Way Stations - 1.20?
11.30a Santa Clara, San Jose, Lo» G»tos
and Way Stations 7.30p
130r San Jose and Way Stations 838*
3 OOf Del Monte Kxpre»s— Santa Clara,
8an Jose, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Saata
CJ*ra, except Snnday, far Santa
(tiiz. Boulder Creek and Narrow
Gauge Point* > at Gllroy for llol-
Jlster, Tres PInos. at Pajare for
Santa Cruz, at CastroTlUe for
Salinas 12-15r
3-30F Tres Plnos Way Passenger 10 45a
4. 30r f*an Jo*e and Way Stations t8.C0*
'5 OOf Santa Clara, nan Jose, Los Gatoa,
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept SnndsT) t9.00*
!5.30r 8anJoseandPrlnclpalWayStatlons 19.40*
6 45<* Snnset Limited. — Redwood. San
Joae.Gllroy.Sallnas.Paso Uoblea,
San Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demla*. El Paso,
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crux
¦nd at CAstroTlllA for Pactlo
• Groreund Way Station* 710*
t8 -16jf taii Mateo.Beresford.Betm muSan
Carlos. Iteriwootl, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto ?6.4Sa
8 SOp San Jose and Way StAtloDs. 638a
8 00p Pale Alto and Way Stations 10 15a
11 .30r south San Francisco. M '.librae. Itur-
llngame. San Mateu, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo AUo 9.45*
»11-30r JlayUeld, Mountain View. Sonny-
rale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
Saa Jose , !9.45f
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
ISaaday ezcepted. J Snnday only.
a Saturday «nly.
I Stop* at all stations oa Snnday.
tar" Only trains stopping at Valencia St. sonthbooa<t
iretclOAJi.. 7:00a. m., 7:» a. ¦., 11:30a. *.. 8:J0rJi.,
l.-SOr.x. andS:COr.it.
I DIED.
Anderson, Irene Manning. Michael
I Boyce. Elizabeth MatheVsJ John
tttDKhinl. Antonio McGarflgan. Chas. II.
iJavtn, Anna B. Metcalf, Sarah \V.
I'owil, Thomas Xnsano, Mary
i Dumont. Eftelle M. -n'Brien. Mary
Fulton. Adelaide M. Offer. Herman M.
Flood. Minnie K. Olron. Kath*rln.i W.
Gendar. John V.". Pettereon, Mre. Mary
Hecht. Arnrl'a K. PlUHJ, Catherine
; Hitt. Mrs. Katharine Roes Frances
Horn. Annie Simpson. Jo'nn H.
i .lofcr.son, Fred O. Snoil, Marceiln
Kocnig. f;eorj;«! Tully. Jflmts F.
Kukar. Maria Turton. Frank N ;
Lantaan. Thomas Winters, George JV.
Lkbmati. Leopold
ANDERSON— In this city. May 15. 19M. at the
larcnts- rrpiJpnce. 11H5'* Welch ftrcet. Irene,
beloved daughter of Oluf and Caroline An-
derson, nn.l sister of Mervln Anderson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 4 months
and IS days.
EOYCE— In this city. May 14, 1904. Elizabeth,
beloved wire of tin late Patrick Boyce. and
loving mother of Mary E. Boyce. Mrs. E.
Kelly and Mrs. P. H. Reardon. a native of
County Wexford. Ireland, aged 72 years.
CX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
reiidfnre ' 1C03 Turk street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mas3
will l<c celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
fl'ross Cemetery.
BItAGHINI— In this city. May 14, 1904. Anto-
nio Brasblni. a native of Italy, aged 62
years.
DAVIS— In this city. May 16, 1904. Anna B.,
widow of the late R. D. W. Davis, and
mother of Warren J. Davis of Marinette,
Wisconsin, and Mre. George B. Carter.
. C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DOWD — In West. Berkeley. Cal., May 16, 1904.
Thomas, dearlr beloved son of Thomas and
the late Nellie Dowd. and brother of Ella,
Albert and James Dowd, a native of San
Francisco, aged IS years 3 months and 20
days.
C7Friendt and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 Wednesday), at »:30 o'clock, from hie late
residence. 72S Allston way. West Berkeley,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
Dl'MON*— In this city. Estelle M.. widow of
the late Pierre Dumont, and dearly beloved
mother of Alexander. Aima J.. Amelie M.
snd Rene A. Dumont, a native of Limoges,
France, ared 60 years.
C^TFrUnds and acquaintances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from her
late residence. 1919 Sutter street, to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery-
FLOOD— In this city. May 15, 1904, Minnie
H.. beloved wife of Joseph C. Flood, and
mother of Hazel Flood, a native of San
Francitco. aeod 46 years.
C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect'
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-merrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at
her late residence, 276 Noe street. Inter-
ment private.
Fl'LTON— In San Diego, Cal., May 11, 1904,
Miss Adelaide M. Fulton, sister of Mrs. A.
T. Rumple of San Francisco.
IC?" Funeral to-day at 2 o'clock, from
First Unitarian Church of this city.
GENDAR— In this city. May 15, 1904, John
W.. beloved husband of Lixzle Gendar.
father of H. W. Gendar. and son of Mrs!
A. M. and the late E. F. Gendar, a native
of New York, aged 57 years.
CTThe funeral services will be held to-
day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence. 2b2O'i Bush street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HECHT— In this city. May 16, 1904, Amflia
Kaufmann. widow of the late Abraham E.
Her.ht. and dearly beloved mother of Edith,
Jotl K.. Klias M. and Adelheid Hecht. a na-
tive of' Taylorsville. Va.. aged 47 years 8
months and 10 days.
iryFuneral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at her late residence
12f*1 Van Ness avenue, thence by epeclai
train to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HITT— In Alameda, Cal.. May 15. 1904. Kath-
crlne Hitt. bMovcd wife of Warren T. Hitt.
a native of Iiewton, Mass.. aged 58 years 7
C'onth? and £ days
KT'Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late 1
residence. 1354 Pearl street, Alameda. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
HORN— In this city. May 15. 1904, Annie Horn,
beloved wife of Adam Horn, and sister of
Frank T. Barrls and Mrs., A. Lolvyistein, a
native of San Francisco, aged S9 years 3
months and I day.
E?"The funeral will take place tn-day
(Tuehday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSON- In Stockton. Cal., May 15, 1904,
Fred O.. beloved husband of Augusta John-
fon, and fathc-r of I^aura, Chestren. Gertrude
and Amelia Johnson, a native of Sweden,
agfd 43 years 8 months and 1 day.
KOENIG— In this city. May 15, 1004. George
Koenig, a native of Germany, aged 70 years
S months and 2!) days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-<iay
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, frem the residence
of Mrs. EL V. Schmidt, 16-10 Union etreet.
Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KUKAR — Iu this city. May 14. 1904. Maria
Kukar. dearly beloved wife of John Kukar,
beloved mother of Annie M.. Sophia L anJ
Rotie A. Kukar. and sister of John. Frank.
Jotephine and Joseph Ogelein and Mrs.
l'r?ala Kukar, a native of Austria, aged
05 years 8 months and 6 days.
CTFriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at £:.'$(» o'clock, from her late res-
idence, 172 Silver street, near Fourth, thenes
to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Jones and Leavenworth streets,
where a requiem hiph mas* will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANIGAN— In this city. May 14, 1904, Thomas
Lanlgan. a native of County Kilkenny, Ire-
land, aeed 36 yean,
(TT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repo«c of his soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LIEBMAN— In this city. May 15, 1904, Leo-
pold Llebman. beloved brother of Mrs. Fer-
dinand A. Haber and Mrs. Bertha Waldauer,
a native of Mainz. Germany, aged 69 years.
(Mobile. Ala., papers please copy.)
ICT" Funeral and interment private. Please
omit flower*.
MANNING— In this city. May 16. 1904. at
hss residence. 572 Fell street, Michael, be-
loved husband of Catherine E. Manning, and
father of Dennis, John. Agne«, Edward.
Catnerlne G. and the late Lawrence W., Te-
resa. Mary F. and Mary Manning, a native
of County Galn-ay, Ireland, aged 72 years.
C7"Notice of funeral hereafttr.
MATHEWS— In this city. May 14. 1004, John
Mathews. a native of Stevani. County Louth,
a^f d _ 63 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday*, at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Jamec McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy
etreet. thence to St. Brigid's Church, where
: a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGAFFIGAN— In this city. May 15. 1904.
Chariest H.. beloved husband of Ann McGaf-
ngan, a native of County Donegal, Ireland,
aged 50 years.
MHTCALF— In Oakland. Cal., May 1C. 1904,
Sarah Wwtcn Metcalf, a native of Maine,
aged 6« years 7 menths and 13 days.
i NASANO— In this city May 14 1904, Mary.
: dearly belo\ed daughter of Giovanni and
Catherine Nasa.no. snd sister of Arthur Au-
gust, Louis and Lena Nasa.no. a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 years 11 months and
1 14 days.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). May 17. at 1 o'clock, from the
residence of her parents, 24 Lapidge street,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth and Va-
lencia and Guerrero. Notice — The funeral has
been postponed from Monday to Tuesday.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
O'BMEN— In the City and County Hospital.
May 16, 1004. Mary O'Brien, a native of
' Ireland, aged 70 years.
OFFER— In this city. May 15. 1904. Herman
M., beloved husband of Carolina Offer and
father of Oscar. Martha. Carrie. Fred Min-
nie, Matthew, Grctchen and the late May
Offer, a native of Germany, aged 50 year*
1 month and 21 days.
H7Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend tbe funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence. 1277 Ninth avenue, Suncet dis-
trict. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
OLSON— In this city. May 15. 1904. Katherina
Wilhelmina, beloved wife of Alfred Olson
stepmother of Ingeborg Althea Olson, and
siiter of Sophia and Mary Carlson of' Berke-
ley, Cal.. a native of Kristlnastad, Finland,
aged 33 years 1 month and 2 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tue>>day). at 10:30 o'clock, at
FUNERAL MUSIC VOCAL
Singers supplied for funeral services. Either
eolo, duet or male quartet furnished at *hort
notice. Had much experience. Address Di-
rector. D. M. LAWRENCE. 641 Turk itreet.
Phone East 1079. %
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission SI.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS' AND EMUALMEKS.
I £33it-2341 Mission ft., near Nineteenth.
' Saa Francisco. ' ;
Mrs. Minnie Forman and children wish
to express thanks to their many friends who
eo kindly lent willing hands and gave heart-
felt sympathy In their recent bereavement.
CARD OF THANKS
• Officers and members of Battery A, First
Artillery Regiment, N. G. C. — You are
hereby ordered to assemble at the armorv,
815 Ellis street. Tuesday, May 17, at 1:30
o'clock, to parade as escort at the funeral
of Sergeant Frank N. Turton. Ex-members
of Companies F and K. First California
Volunteers, are requested to be present.
JOHN A. MILLER. Captain Battery A.
WINTERS— In this city. May 15, 1904, George
W., beloved son of Emily and the late
Thomas Winters, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 235 Pierce street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Friends
are invited to attend.
EJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 321A Guerrero street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repoee
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
TULLT — In this city. May 15, 1904 James F.,
dearly beloved son of the late P. F. and
Sarah Tully. and beloved brother of Mar-
garet and Charles Tully Mrs. F. H. Kim-
ball. Mrs. E. Ring and the late Mrs. L.. J.
Luttlcken. a native of San Francisco.
E7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 4106 Nineteenth street, thence to
the Church of the Most Holy Redeemer,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
TURTON— At peace, in this city. May 14.
1904. Frank Nelson Turton. dearly beloved
¦ son of Annie H. and the late Henry Turton
of Lahalna. Island of Maul, Territory of
Hawaii, a native of Lahaina, H. T.. aged
29 years 5 months and 21 days. A United
States Volunteer in the Spanish-American
war and Filipino insurrection and quarter-
master sergeant Battery A First Artillery,
N. G. C. (Iowa, Sydney and Hawaiian
papers please copy.)
D7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at- 2 o'clock, from the armory of
the First Artillery Regiment, N. G. C. 818
Ellis street. Interment National Cemetery.
Remains at the quarters of Battery A, First
Artillery Regiment. N. G. C, 815 Ellis
etreet.
the parlors of Craig Cochran & Co., 429
Golden Gate avenue, between Polk and
La-kin clreets. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriages.
TETTEHSOX— In this city. May 14, 1004, Mary
C. V., btlovt-d wife of the late George H.
Petterson, and mother of G. Ellsworth Pet-
tfrson, Mrs. Virginia Faraday, Mrs. Nathan
H. Frank, Mrs. William Ilumason and Mrs.
H. C. Witiner, a native of Virginia, aged
68 years 10 months and 2 days.
ICJ^Notlce of funeral in Wednesday morn-
InK papers.
PLUM— In this city. May IB, lf»04. Catherine 8.
M. Plum, widow of the late Charles M.
Plum, anfl mother of Mary C. Kell, Jean-
m.tte M. Knopt. Louise 13. Krauss, F. Anita
Irvine and Charles M. Plum, a native of
New York City. N. T.
ETFriends are invited to attend the
funeral services to-morrow (Wednesday), at
12 o'clocU, at the chapel of Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Electric funeral car leaves
Eighteenth and-*uerrero streets at 11 o'clock.
ROSS— In this city. May 17. 1004. at her resi-
dence. GO Fair Oaks street. Frances Ross,
widow of tho late Danif 1 Ross, a native of
Baltimore. Md.. aged US years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend* the funeral services
Tuesday, May 17, at 2 o'clock, at the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first.
SIMPSON— In this city. May 14. 1004. John H..
beloved son of Elizabeth and the late John
H Simpson, and brother of / Richard J.
Simpson, a native of New Yojrs. City, aged
29 years and 7 months.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from • the parlors
of HaUted & Co.. thence to Church of
the Advent. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery, by carriage.
SNELL— In this city. May 14. 1004, Marcella,
beloved wife of Charles M. Snell. and
mother of Marceila, Rose, Edgar and Charles
Snell, a native or Stoughton. Mats., aged 42
years.
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.BARLEY— As will be Been in the first
column, San Francisco is shipping 75 ptr cent
of the Barley . exported from tha United States.
Th« week opened quietly, with cash ; grain un-
/t • , Open. "-" : High. - Low. • Close.
December ...*1 28% 51 28% $1 28%' $1 2S%
2 p. m. "Session.
California Club, $1 2591 32%; California
White Australian. $1 62%@1 57%: Northern
Club. $1 30® I 37%; Northern Bluestem, $1 50
©1 55 per ctl. ' - .
FUTURES. : - /¦. .
Session 9 to 11:30. a. m.-
Opsn. High. Low. Close.
May — No sales. ' . -
December ...$1 28U H 28% $1 28 $1 28%
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT— Broomhall ' cabled from Liverpool
that that market was depressed by fine weath
er, large world's shipments and partial relief
of the drought in Roumanla. Tha world's
shipments for the week wera as follows, in
quarters: Russian, 404,000; Danublan, CO, 000;
Argentine. 871,000; Indian, 138,000; Australian.
43,000. The American visible supply decreased
1,64.1,000 bushels.
Chicago advanced 2%c and this market for
futures was also higher In sympathy. The
cash grain was likewise firm, with sales of
extra choice. California Club at $1 35.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Despite the Increased competition and lower
prices of deciduous fruits and berries, trade In
the Orange market continued active and prices
of all grades were maintained with a marked
degree of firmness. Smalt and medium sizes
of • Navels." particularly ¦ 176s and . 216s, "were
eagerly sought after and. some lota commin'Ied
a premium. The large sizes were plentiful,- but
moved, - off freely. » Tbe • auction sale drew | a
large attendance I of . Jobber*.! who. bought » on
size rather than quality. 'Desirable lots were
keenly ' competed for and , In some . Instances'
choice Navels brought as much as fancy.
Twelve cars* were sold as follows: Fancy. $2®
2 25 :' choice, fl 20^2 $1 10©l 7fJ.
The other Citrus fruits were unchanged. There
were 3354' bunches of Bananas and 220 crates
, Receipts of Strawberries continued large, ag
gregating about 1100 chests, and the market
ruled weak at lower prices, as the bulk of the
receipts showed the effects of the hot weather,
being more or less sunburnt, and retailers did
not care to purchase any more than absolutely
necessary to satisfy their, regular trade. The
ruling prices for the large varieties were $2??3
per chest. I the minimum quotation representing
the price obtained I for - surplus stocks on tha
clean-up. . Dewberries from Los Angeles sold
at 8@10c per basket and Raspberries from tho
same section brought 10@15c. Some of tbe lat
ter came to hand in very poor condition. Small
common Gooseberries were offering again and
sales were reported -at * 50c per 10-lb drawer.
Offerings of Apricots I consisted chiefly of car
rled-over lots and prices ranged lower. Cher
ries-arrived freely, and sold at a wide 'range
as to variety and color. - .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
A decline Of %c In Silver was the only
change worthy of note.
Sterling Exchanee, sixty days.. — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight »; — 4 S7H
SterllnK Exchange, cables ........ — 4 g$i£
New York Exchange, sight — or,
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Bllvsr. per ounce...... — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 © —
Exchange and Bullion.
MISCELLANEOUS BOXDS.
Bid. Aak. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC «a. — 101 S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s.ll5 — 3 P Co 4Hs.lOO% —
Cal NW 8s. — 112 Sun Tel ta.. 113 —
M C Wat 5a.lOO — Do 5a — 108
r.U I Wks5«. — 1074 Suttr-st R3*.l*5 lit
PF Drdk 5a— 113HIUR of SF 4s. — 79tfJ
SF & NP 5» — HIM
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 24% 27H>!Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 88 — INev Nat BX. — 200
Cal GAECor. 43 50 I.V S R R Co. 9<i —
C Jockey C1.130 150 IN* Cal P Coll 1HJ
Cal Powder.. 13<> ISO |Oak Bk Sav. 112^ —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 iOak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I ft T — 130 1OOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk Oak — •">•"• lOrpheum Co.. 15 lrt'i
Chutes Co -• — 7K|Pac Ca» Co-.12O -
City A C Bit — 112 Pac S Tel... — 100
Cyp L Imp.. •% — iParaf Paint.. 33 —
East Dynm.. — 250 S' F Drydock «W) — „
DpntPwd pfd 80 90 8F*SJ Coal. 25 32^
Do com ..35 — 3 J Wat Co. — ICO
FN Bk Oak. 120 — I SO * MTgbt.l2S —
Fischer Thtr 40c — lBwis»-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — Truck Elect.. 12H 12^
Gas Con A.. — 22 lUR InC pfd. 45 —
Hono P Co.. — 14 I Do com ... 9 —
LonA SF Bk — 60 I
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 E I da Pont de Nemours (com) 35 CO
California Stock and OH Exchange
¦ '
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 43
Associated Trust Cert 19 20
Aztec . SO
Caribou , 4 25 * 5»>
Central Point Con «0 70
Chicago Crude 20 21
Cl&remont 60 ....
Four 60 .
Fulton 3 7i
Giant 15 •
Hanford 195 00
Home 1 50
Imperial 17 50
Independence 24 23
Kern River 10 00
Lion 01 02
Monarch of Ariaona 40
Monte Crlsto «» 70
Occidental of Vf Va 11 12
Oil City Petroleum 43 4»
Peerless • •••• U QO
Reed Crude 1 50 ....
Senator ' • •«
Sovereign -•-• «
Sterling — * 50
Superior 08 '.;•;•
Tbirty-Thre« 7 50
Toltee 21 ••-•
Twenty-Eight " "3
West Shore 2 60 ....
Associated Bonds ~ n
Wabash • x 50
Monarch P00J •»•••• M
Miscellaneous—
Abby Lands, and Imp 1 W
Cal Gas & Electric Corp 2S 0O ....
Cal ShlpplngTo 20 0O ....
Chutes Company 7 50 - « 5O
Cypress Lawn Imp Co .... ¦ T CO
Fischer's Theater 4O ....
Northern Cal Power ........ 11 00 11 12^4
J 'Continued on Page Eighteen.
Flour qr ska ..11.6701 Bran. sks....... B.200
Wheat Ctls.... 434'Shorts. sks .... 2.500
Potatoes sks .. 1.443|Oat Groats, sks S33
Onions sks ... SOfij Paper, reams .. 2.05*
Bran. ak» 3Oo'.Wlne. gala 58.630
Hay. tons 1,125' Quicksilver, flks. 27
Straw, tons..... 411.
. OREGON.
Potatoes, ska .. 6531
WASHINGTON.
FOR . MONDAY. MAY . 16.
Flour, qr sks .. l«.26ftj Wool. - sks 1.2S0
Wheat, ctls .... 2.415 Feed, sks '¦ S3
Earley. ctls 6,»75| Hides, No -2.459
Oats, ctls ..... • 540 Pelts, No 200
Beans sks 72:: Leather, rolls . . ZC.fl
Corn. 'East, ctls 1. 1P0 Tallow ctls ... 221
Potatoes/ sks .- 4,?fifltLlme. bbls 4«0
Receipts of Produce.
LOCAL 3IAEKETS.
SEATTLE, May 1C— Clearings, $G33,34S;
balances, $149,282.
TACOMA, May 16.— Clearings, $372, 791;
balances, $23,033.
PORTLAND. May 16. — Clearings, $608,789;
balances. $73,314.
SPOKANK, May tlG. — Clearings, $470,895;
l»?.!anc?e, $73,303. : / •' "
Northern Business.
TACOMA, May 1«. — Wheat, unchanged;
bluestem. Me; club,' 74c.
PORTLAND. May 16.— Wheat— Walla
Walla. 72c; bluestem. 80c; valley, 80c. .
WASHINGTON
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
In spite of the continued he^vy receipts of
Butter there is no serious accumulation of
stock, as the local consumptive demand is very
fair, and in addition there are large Alaskan
orders, which are j keeping the surplus down.
Furthermore, the usual small packing orders,
taken in the aggregate, make a very respect
able quantity, so all around the market Is
absorbing the liberal receipts. Stocks - are
ample, however, and ths martlet is rather easy
than otherwise. •
Cheese is lower, as supplies have again sur
passed tho demand. ¦ ¦ ¦ '
Eggs continue weak and are coming in from
a' number of outside sources. Three or four
can) of Eastern ' have -arrived within as many
days, and Fresno, which has been shipping to
Los Angeles, la now shipping to this market.
Still, quotations are maintained, though - close
buyers are not paying over 19c for flne ranch.
Receipts were «5<J.3GO lbs Butter, 1244 cases
Eggs and 7100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at flrtt hands, lSfflSVic
for extras and 17(?17 1 ,.ic for firsts; dairy. 150
17%c; (tore Butter. 13314c; cold storage, nom
inal. - ¦ --,'\"--:--'^
CHEESE — SffSVJc for good to choice new
and 6® 7c for lower grades;' Young Americas,
9©9%c; Eastern,. 15@lCc; Western. H'jjldc
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 18g20c for fair to choice;
store, 16@lSc; Eastern, 17@19c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
ST LOUIS, May 10.— Wool, steady: medium
grade*, combing and clothlntr, 17@21c; light,
fine. 14®17c; heavy, fine. 12gfl4c; tub washed,
20<&31c. . 5
Si. Louis Wool Market.
Unlisted Securities.
Two cars of Western Poultry, consisting al
most entirely of Hens, were marketed and met
with a steady demand,' $7 per dozen being the
ruling iMce. As previously mentioned, trashy
offerings of - domestic stock, with which the
market had been overstocked lajst- week, were
cleaned up and a better feeling prevailed in
that line of good*, although receipts were in
significant and prices largely nominal.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, Ugloc per lb:
Geese, j>er pair, $1 501/2; Goslings. $2 50^3 50:
Ducks. $5@5 50 per dozen far old and $5 5Of»
it 50 for young: Hens, $5 SO&U 50 for large and
$4 oCgS for small: young Roosters, $7 5O^t
fi 50; old Roosters. $4 50S5; Fryers, $6@7:
Broilers. $3 50@4 50 for large and $2®3 for
small; Pigeons, (1 •.'.">?/ 1 60 per dozen for old
and $1 75^2 for. Squabs.
GAME — Nominal.
Poultry and Game.
LONDON. May 16. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 13,875
bales. The demand was good and prices were
firm. Scoured sold well. New South Wales
broken creasy was In active request and ad
vanced to. the highest of the series. A small
selection of crcssbreds caused spirited compe
tition and prices were in buyers' fa\-or. Amer
ican buyers secured several lots of fine Me
rinos and fine litht greasy crossbreds.
London Wool Sales.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar 'Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.95c:
Powdered. 8.R0c; Candy Granulated. 5.R0c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse
ri.70c; Fruit Granulated, -S.7Uc: Beet Granu
lated (10O-lb bags only) 5.60c: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c:* Magnolia A 5.30c; Extra C. 5.20c:
Golden Cj 5.10c; "D.. 3c; barrels. 10c mor«;
half barrels. '25c more: boxes. 50c more; 50- lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets^ — Half
barrels. «5.2Oc: boxes; C.45c: H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5$ic spot and 5%e Jane-
July; Sap Quentin. $3 40; Wool Bags. 3233ic;
Fleece Twine. 75>>c.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. <S: Seattle. $8 50; Lryant. $t> 50; Bea
ver Hill. **i; Stanford. $7; Koslyn, »7; Coca
Bay. i5 50: Greta, $7; \Val!send. tl; Richmond.
$7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 60; Cannel. $3 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50313
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $U! HO
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 1091 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
an.1 43c for raw: China Nut. 60©70c per gallon;
Coc«anut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55o
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. fc.Sc: natural winter Sperm OIL <53c; extra
blr ached winter Whale OH. 57c; natural What*
Oil. 52c: extra winter strained Lard Oil.. 75c:
No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c; pure NeaUfoot OH. 73c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot OH. 63c; light Herring Oil,
42c; dark Herring Oil, 40c: Salmon Oil. 34c:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35o; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw. Paint OH. 31c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. in bulk.
34e: Pearl OH. In cases. 2O*ic; Astral. 20Hc:
Star. 20^?c: Extra Star. 24Hc: Elaine. 26%c;
Eocene. 23V-c; Deodorized Stove Gasoliqe. In
bulk. 16c: in cases^22Uc: Benzine. In bulk.
13c: In cases. W!*?: S«-desree Gasoline, in
bulk. C5c: in cases, Hlc.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7Vi0
7*4c per lb: White Lead. 7!i<?7%e. according
ta quantity.
General Merchandise.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — May. July. Sept.
Opening « 2", « 4'i « 474
Closing *'< -% 0 '•'>')> <MV4
PARIS.
Wheat — May. Sept,- Dec.
Owning 20 1*5 20 15
Closing -0 s5 -° - 5
Flour — -, "
O;f:njns "^ ""' "¦' "^
Cloring 27 30 27. 30
Closing of Liverpool Exchanges.
LIVERPOOL. May 16. — The Corn Exchange
here will be closed on May 23 and 24 and the
Provision Exchange on May 23 In observance
of Whitsuntide holiday.
LONDON May 16. — The London Stock Ex
change In observance of the Whitsuntide holi
days, will close on May 21 and 23.
Do coupon 105?i| Do 1st inc 13V1 !
Do new 4s reg.l32H Minn & St L 4s.. 93
Do coupon 132y, M.' K' & T 4s 100V4
Do o!d 4s reg. 100*4 Do 2ds - 78
Do coupon 100% NR of Mex con 4s 74
Atch gen 4s 101 N Y C gen SVSs. . 9S%
Do adj 4s 91 N J C gen 5s 1.T2
Atlantic C L 4s. 05U Nor Pac 4s 103-Ti
Dal & Ohio 4s...l00" 8 Do 3s 72%
Do 3>£s 05 'Nor & W con 4s. 97'ft
Central of Ga Os.lCO«4|OSL 4s & partlc. 94Vi
Do Ut inc 73^|Pa conv 3Vis »4%
Ches & Ohio 4U,s.l(i3->4 1 Reading gen 4s... OSX
Chi & Alton 3V£s. 79 |?L & I M con 5s.ll3%
C. n & Q new 4«. 94«|S L & S F fg 4s. S2
CM 4SPgn 4s.lO9%!St Louis SW lsts. 94H
C & NW con 7s.l29 rfea board A L 4s. P0
C, R I i Pac 4s. C9 So Pac 4s 92
Do col r>» 79^ Ho Railway 5s 115^4
C.C.C & RLgn 4s.lW%|Tex & Pac lsts..ll$H
Chi Term 4s 77 T St L & W 4s. 70
Cons Tobacco 4s. 59t-iiUnion Pacific 49.104%
Colo & So 4s 84 I Do conv 4s..... f>6%
C F & I con 5s.. 7<>M!U S Steel 2d 5s.. 72
IVn & Rio G 4s. 9S>,4J\Vabash lsts 114%
Erie prior lien 4s. Si>^,: Do deb B 5S
Do gen 4s S.""4!W & L Erie 4s.. R04
F W i- D C lsts. 107>4J WIs Cent 4e JK)i;
Hock Val 4»is...lO7ii|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20;L!ttle Chief 05
Alice 20|Ontarlo 3 60,
Breece 10:Oph!r 5 12 j
liruns Con CCii-*hoenlx Otij
Com Tunnel lOjPotosl 15;
Con Cal & Va.. 1 65!9avaKe, 32
Horn Silver 1 35; Sierra Nev 44 I
Iron Silver 1 OOjSinall Hopes .... J8 j
Leadville Con ... 02| Standard 2 00 •
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— IU S Steel.. S«4
Call loans 2(gTI'il Do pfd 52»&|
Time loans 304Vi! Weoiing Common. 77 •
Bonds — • Mining—; |
, Atchlson 4s 100-% 'Adventure l*i
Do adj 4s 90»i Allouer 4H
Mex Central 4s.. 66 Atnal Copper .... 4f»Vi !
Railroads — Amer Zinc 9^ '
Atchison 67^4 Atlantic 7H !
Do pfd 91 lUlngham 20<4 i
Boston A AIbany.24.'! Calumet & Hecla.4»"0
Boston & Malne.H'»i<ilCentenninl lnt^
Boston Elev 140 (Copper Range ... 42U
FitchburK pfd 13« I Daly \Vest 22Vi ;
Mex Central 6%'Dom Coal 0T>».;
N Y. N H & H..1P5 iFranklln 7^ ;
Pere Marquette... 7Smi?rancy 3H |
Union Pacific Sl*4'lsle P.ovale fl>4
MUcellaneous — |Ma<is Mining 3'£
Amer Arge Chcm. 14 I Michigan 4
Do pfd S2»£! Mohawk 30U
Amer Pneu Tube. 4'iiMont Coal & Coke X% !
Amer Sugar 123*4lOld Dominion ... 12<4
Do Pfd 12« lOsceola 50
Amer Tel & Tel. 124% (Parrot ..; 24
Amer Woolen ... 10 lOulncy SO
Do pfd 7441 1 Shannon 7>,&
Dora Iron & 8... 10<Jt Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium.. 215 I Trinity :t%
(icn Electric 15S |1 T S Mining 20
Mass EVctrlc 17'4.|U S Oil 9«4,
Do rM enuirtah 3SU
Mass Gas 39%! Victoria .1
1,'nlted Fruit UflUi Winona ..l «
Un Fhoe Mach... .'.0 (Wolverine ...:... 70
Do p£d 29 I
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 90UIN Y Central 117*i
Do for acct.90 3-10!Nor & Western... 57
Anaconda •"•">.! Do pfd P9
At<-hison 70 |Ont ft Western... 21 U
Do rM 94 S < Pennsylvania TiS-Ti
Hn\ A- Ohio 7ft%!Ran«l Mines ld%
Cun Pacific 11fl'..lRradIrg 21 '»
Cho.« <t <1hio .T) I Do 1st r>fd SOU
I Chi Great West.. IT.V.t Do 2d rM "I
Chi. M!I A St P.HIVJso Railway Toij,
De rierrs 19^1 Do pfd S4^
D^n & Rio G 10 ISo Pacific 4C*
Do pfd «9% ! fn'on Pacific S4U.
EHp 22 V, t Do pfd 94
Do 1st pf.l r.9':.|u S Steel «... Svi
Do 2d rH .•<5M I Do pfd .V.-H
Til Centra! l.T*U|Wabash 1^4
T>i U 1s * Na*h. ..110-V Do pM -Ti'i
M. K & Texa.-... lB«;!Pranish 4s «2
liar silver — Steady. 23 1-lfd per ounce.
Money — 1 per cent. ¦
The rate r>: discount In the ovx'n market for
short bills Is 2 per cent and for thr&e months*
Mils " per cent.
Cash in Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— To-days state
m« nt of t*.<" treasury balances In th" general
fund, exclusive of the Sl.Vt.OiO.OOi> K r M reserve
in the division of redemption, shows available
cash balance, **174.:W1. 378: gold. ?7ti,rM>4.44o.
Nczo York Dry Goods.
NEW YORK. May 1«.— The dry goodi mar
ket Is steadily improving and buyers show
more dl^-csltlon to operate for future, al
though comparatively few prices are advanced.
New York Cotton Market.
i
NEW YORK. May .10.— The cotton market
opened firm at an advance of 14 and 19 points
on the old crop and f! to 11 points en the new
crcp months and closed steady, net 10 to .13
V«ints higher.
Nc7V York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. May 16.— FLOUR— Receipts.
11.5C0 barrels; export.*, l"00 barrels; market
steady. Nt business checked by firm attitude
of mills'.
WHEAT — Receipts. 73,000 bushels. Spot.
firm; No. 2 red $1 C5 elevator and f. o.
b. : No. 1 Northern Duluth. 99%c f. o. b.,
afloat; Manitoba, nominal. Options were
strong to-day from start to finish. Very llRht
speculative offerings, bullish weekly statis
tics, an unsatisfactory weather map. large
visible supply decrease and good cash de
mand were the influences that alarmed shorts.
Last prices showed 'KSl'ic net advance. May.
32%c; July. IHHic; September 83c; Decem
ber. £2Tic.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7c: mild, quiet; Cordova, lCjJKic.
The market for Coffee futures closed steady,
.net gain 20 to 25 points higher. Sales. 4O.T5O
M>ags. including: May. 5.S.*63.M)c: July. 5.S0
©(1.00c; September, 6©«.25c; December. 6.30©
&S3C( January. <5.4Cc; March, 6.t<O©t5.M)c.
SUGAR— Raw firm. Fair refining. .1 15-16@
3%c; centrifugal, 09 test. 3 13-16Q3Hc; mo
lasses sugar. 3 l-lfi@3%c. Refined, firm. No.
6 4.45c; No 7. 4.40c; No. 8. 4.35c; No. 9,
4.*30c; No. 10, 4.25c; No. 11. 4.2ttc; No. 12,
4.15c; No. 13 4.10c; No. 14. 4.05c; confec
tioners' A. 4.70c; mold A, 5.70c: cut loaf and
crushed. 5.55c; powdered, 4.95c; granulated,
4.K5c; cubes, 5.10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLEri— The market con
tinues steady to firm In the absence of selling
pressure. Common are quoted at 45f5',4c;
prime f%@5?4c; choice. 6H®U%c. and fancy
at 7«j7*ic. -•
PRUNES — Show no change In general con
ditions, remaining steady at quotations rang
ing from 3 to 5%c, according to grade. ;
APRICOTS — Are in Jobbing request and
rule steady. Choice are quoted at 0V£@10c;
extra choice, 10V4@10%c, and fancy at 11
©13c.
PEACHES — Are in moderate supply, with
holders confident. Choice are held at 7',4#>
"'^c; extra Choice, 7%(39c. and fancy at 9V4@>
10c
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK,' May 16.— Tin was weak again
to-day. Tbe break in London was ascribed
to speculative pressure, which. In a large
measure." carried prices down 12s Cd to £123
17s Cd for spot, while futures declined 7s *Jd
to £125. ' Locally tin closed easy at $27 3u#
27 .*»¦».
Copper was 2s Cd lower at the close in Lon
den, with spot quoted at £57 7s Cd and futures
at £57 10s. Locally copper was quiet and un
changed. Lake, $13 50; electrolytic, S13 12¥,®
IU 2j; casting, $12 87ij@13 12V4.
Lead closed unchanged at ?4 tjofl t 65 in New
York, but declined Is 3d to £11 17s 64 In the
London market- «
Spelter was unchanged at $5 2005 25 in
New York and at £22 2s Cd in London.
Iron closed at C2s In Glasgow and at 43s
"!sd in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was with
out change. No. 1 foundry, northern, |15^
15 50; No. 2 foundry, northern, $14 75Q15 25;
No. 1 foundry, •outhern. and do sort, 814©
14 25. \, w
Visible Grain Supply. *
NEW YORK, May 16.—The visible supply of
grains Saturday. May 14, as compiled by tho
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat. 28.085,000 bushels; decreaee 1,«55.
000.
• Corn, 0,169,000 bushels; decrease 5702,000.
Oats. 7.067,000 bushels; decrease 907,000.
Rye. 979,000 bushels: decrease 16,000.
Barley, 2,237.000 bushels; decreas« 102,000.
3Iiscellaneous Markets.-
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, leas 50
per vent tor shrinkage for Caul-;
OAT'lLE— Steers. .ViWMjc; Cow» and Heif
er* ti'-.'(f"ic; thin Cows, 4^6c psr lb.
CALVES — IRlM-c per lb (gross weight).
toilet:*'— Wethers. 3*ifc4c; Ewes. 3S3Vio
ter lb 'grow wetffht). '- ..
LAMBS— V- 5Cf|2 «5 per head.
HOUS-Uve Hogs, 14t> to 200 lbs. 5Hc:
.,vor 200 lbs. 5»-ic: soft Hogd. 494^,c;
«^3W« 20 per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Slag*. 40 per ctnt off from abovt quota
tions.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers tfi dealers
are as follows:
iic.tr — •i»7 1 ,3C for Steers end 3ijS6}»c P*r
lb for Cows.
> VKAL— Large. 7»i65c; small. 8^31>c per
pound.
Mi; lTON— Wethers. 7H£!>c; Ewes. 6HS7He
per ID
LAMB— S^fiOc per lb.
~ PORK — Dressed Hogs, dje^c per lb.
Hcgi contlnce weak and. though they are no
lower, packers and butchers are expecting in
ochf-r riw'line. as receipts are too heavy for the
light demand. Cattle and Sheep continue to
arrive freely.'
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
CHICAGO. May 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
27.000; steady 10 eaay; good to prime steers.
gTi iriir> <i.'i: poor to medium. $4 10^4 ii.!;
stockers and Veeders. $3 lV'tii 40: cows, |1 ",:>'•}
4 ."i5- heifers, $2 2.">f; t (j0; <.ann»r3. $1 73g'- 7:>:
l>u!ls' $ - J*7«: calvee, $2 50Q5 S3; Texas led
¦teer*! ti 2305.
HOGS— Receipts to-dny. 40.000; to-morrow.
."." f"«KJ- 6$10c lower; mixed and butchers.
$4 «J0(ft4 hW. good to choice heavy, ?4 75 i a4'85:
rrunh" heavy, $4 1W1 1 70; light. *4 tiO^ 1 75;
Uiillt O' sales. $4 <X r 9* 75. ,
SHEEP Receipts. I' 1 .^"*: sheep ami lsmhs.
ftrady to strong: Hood to choice w«th»rs. *% ''<5
03 f(Oj fair ti choice mixed. $'5 754i i 5'J: Wcst
er*t sh*tp. $¦» ffiO9 59S native lamli», flipped,
$4 50f/<!; Western Iambs, cllpiied. *1 ufi'J 10;
\VetUrn lambs, wooled, $t> 25Q0 00.
CHICAGO.
Livestock^! ark ct.
POTATOES— Kurbanks from the river, *1 33
d5Sl 50 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 35f?l CO
p«r ctl: River Keds. SISjl 10 ptr ctl; email
Oreg-on Burhanks for seed. $1 25@1 35 per ctl:
new 1'otatoee. 1 %O2Hc per lb.
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $-1 CC©5 per
ctl; new Red $1 25@1 35 per sack; new Green.
25fi-'K>e per box.
. VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 4(7?fic per lb:
Rhubarb, 401j ofc for bay and- T>QGC5s per box
for San Jose: Green Peas. £5c@Sl: Garden
Peas, 'JiJ'-l^c per !b; String Deans, ufi^'c rer 16;
Wax lli-ans. «CT7c per lb: Tomatoes. SI BOW
2 per box cr crate for Los Angeles and $1 SO
ti'Z for Mexican: Summer Squash, 75c@<!
per box; Cabbage, $1 50 per ctl: Carrots.
50c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. SOciifl
per dozen: Garlic, nominal; Eg? Plant. 8@10c
per lb for Los Angeles and 15020a for Coachel
la: Dried Peppers. SfllOe for sun-dried
and t2U6I3e per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra. 12i4«7l">c per- lb; Green Peppers. £@10c
per lb for Los Angeles and 12%Qlac for Mexi
can: Marrowfat Squash. Jobbing at I>i'sj2c per
pound.
The Potato market was badly congested with
old BurbHnks of poor quality, which sold very
slowly at unsteady rate*. Strictly fancy lots
were in pcod request at the top quotation, btit
for the general run of supplies $1 00 was an
extreme figure. Deliveries by rail continue
heavy and a steamer Is due to-day with about
2200 sacks. Australian Onions were clcsely
cleaned up and firmly held. The steamer S>
noina. which arrived late In tbe djy. brought
up 440 packages, a much smaller quantity than
expected. New Red and Green Onions were in
fr«e supply and weak. 'Receipt* of new Pota
toes were over t'C<> sacks and they were weaker.
The regular trade purchased sparingly, but
surplus stocks were cleans tip at IJiQIHc per
pound hy ore large shipping house.
Mlsrellaneov's •'v*»»Ptabii»* arrived freely ffom
ail qectiorui and'pflcen of most descriptions ha.!
a downward tendency ow!n; to the lack of de
mand for shipment. The fanners paid- 4J/.V
per pnun<l for Asparagus and reduced their bid
on Peas to lc per pound, equivalent to about
R5c per sack. Good Tomatoes were firm and a
carload that was received froir Florida met
with a good demand at t'i per crate. Receipts
of southern vegetables are steadily Increasing.
Receipts of vegptpbles Included 1344 boxei
of Asparagus. 3CG boxes of Rhubarb and 1150
racks of Peas.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
• ¦
The Japanese Loans.
.Tbc N>w Yrrk Evening Post nsy* of Japan's
fosn:
*T>iiO thftstrs in the Japanese wven-year
f5*^.0<X),00«i lotn, announced a> negotiated this
we».k. surrrited Cnar.c'.a! obsen-ers. One was :
the enr-haii rarticlpatlon by New York, tfie ;
•ithrr was the exorbitant rate charged. The j
4oan is to beer « prr cent interprt and to be ;
stld at H3', a . which would place it on a oasis ,
of 6% p-r cent. This \t ar. rxce;>*.ionaliy h:sh ,
rate. rh l^i Jar>an sold a S s*.r cent \a*n. j
"J\ 104 :t 4 : la i^?; a i-imilar loan broocht UB%; ¦
i:i ISSin a |SK(JOQ.COO 4 i>er cent loan went at j
M. . This wet'k s, f.rurf-s, thfrefore. represent [
a n markSibie 'Jeclise in orecii.
. "'To !i:id a iarallel one must go back to j
. i*-~2. when Japan put cut a Jl2.0m>.«K) 7 |*-r
,<nt loar^ in London at :<2 ! i. but Jai^an Mas
:in-n littie koov.n, finanrtnlly or politically.
FteTtttmuuK. th1« Iran it to lica first lien oa |
;};•¦ Ja|*r.ew itirtomf. China made a Joan j
" pa such cf-ndltlone jvfter the war o' 1VJ5: but |
it. lore only 5 per cent ir.t«r«rrt. end wu sold 1
frl '.# :n London. The Turitls-h 4 per ct-nt loan |
• • 18SK). with a F;m!lar concession, broosht ;
*7i'»-'and Turkey was a diEcredited bankrupt;
.>«•" th- 'intereet yield at par en that was
bandy 5 i"~ r <-*ut. the €% per cent
in.* <_Uar;re3 ajfainst Jepan.
" •"Th'~re are only three jiosslble explanations
" pf thit e?»traurdJr«n rat(-. First. Jajian. like j
ot>r railways, is paying high for the privilege
of t-atly rcxAymeot* r-eeonJ. Japan c^a b^>r
row acVhcre but here and in London, where
the market i* lndisponed fur new ventures,
w. herear Kus>F'.a can borrow from the wealthy
Parts and Berlin. Third, there le skepticism
ta Lombard atraet omt the result of the hug«
\^ar outlay <-n Jjptnese finances."
Government Fruit Crop Report.
From the Crop BuV.etin. Unite* States De
partment 'of Agriculture. Washington. D. C.
c for the week er.ded May 2. 1904:
New York— Fruit very backward but safe.
c excepting peaches and pears.
New Jersey — Plum. p«ach ar.d cherry trees
in full blocm.
Pennsylvar..a— Fruit buds other than peaches
pOJbably not eerlourly Injured.
Maryland — Bloom abundant and excellent
pro*peets for a'.l fruit! except reaches.
Virpinia — Apr'^s rromisicg. but other fruits
injured by frcsts.
North Carolina— Half crop fruit expected.
Georgia — Melons late and Inferior; fruit
otitlor.k continues cxc*'.Ient in most districts.
Aiabaroa — Peach trees fruited heavily except
in fcoroe northern and western counties.
Mississiri'I — Melons backward; fruits gener
ally pron-.:£ing.
Arkansas:— Prospects for fruit and berry
*rrops fair to good.
' Tenaefeee— Fruit not all killrd. some peaches
left ¦ api'l«?« fair; strawberry crop short.
Ker.turfcy — Fruit not damaged yuite as badly
e? wa« thought, but crop will be very small.
Missouri — Heavy apple bloom.
Illinois — Fruit outlook very promising, ex
cept peaches.
Indiana — Peachr-s mostly dead: rroepects for
otb^r Iruits lair to good.
West Virginia— Fruit injured, but prospect*
exeellt-Et for good fruit crops.
Ohio— FrcSt backward, some p<*ach blooms;
apples. i»ears and rlums promising; cherries
{air.
Michigan — Fruit buds still very email.
Wisconsin — Strawberries and apples eatisfac
tory. but blackberriee and plums injured.
. Nebraska — Plum and cherry tn.es in blocm
in southern counties.
Kansas— Pears, plums, cherries, early appler
and peaches except budded, blooming full.
Oklahoma and Indian Territories— Fruit do
ir.g we!;.
Colorado — Occasional frosts, but apparently
r.o dam&g-e in fruit districts of Arkansas. Val
ley and western slope.
Utah — Slight tfaroag-e to fruit by frost.
Washington — Apples in bloom and hops doing
well
Oregon — Frosts badly daraajred cherries and
JtaKan prunes la a few localities.
Hay and Grain Exports.
: Pcctt * Masner have published for circula
tion at the St. Louis Exposition a schedule of \
statistics stewing the position of Fan Fran
cisco as an exporter of Hay and Grain as com
pared with New York. Chicago and Et. Louis.
The chief exhibit in the statement ii that out
of tclsl Barley exports from the four cities
DC 12 MT.000 bushel* in th« crop year of
:W2-03 San Francisco shipped 9,00O,o00, or 75
per cent of tbe Barley sent out of the United
States Chicago was eecend. with 3,505.000
bu«ht'.s. Of the Hay exports New York
Fh'pped rj.OfiO tens. Chicago 1S.300. St. Louis
:,OfiuO and San Francisco 25.000. Of the Hay
rettfirte >'*w York received 44S.O0O tons, Chi
cago i£0.2C5. St. Louis 174,000 and Saa Fran-
W cat her Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. May 16—5 p. m.
Tfc» followicc are the *«!asonal rainfalls to
£a.te as compared mith those of same date last
B^tson. and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last Tnls Last
*" 6tstions — 24 hours Beason. eeason.
E^rtka, 0.00 t3.27 . !W».7»*
. . r.h Bluff 0.03. r.J.12 2:.ir.
<acar2Tto 0.00 16. R5 16.02
Pi»n Francisco 0.00 20.59 18.28
Presno 0.00 K.O4 *¦¦&>
Irii-p^ndence ..-. 0.00 2. .'.7 2.S4
. Han tuls Obispo O.OO lC.r,» 18.49
Lo« Angeles O.O0 8.72 19.2a
Saa Irteco 0.O0 4.30 11.04
~ • . THE COAST HECORD.
" ' O K S 0> *!
.' - I iiiibi & 1
¦— ' . 2 • - S ,= 2 ¦ o V.
ETATTOXa ~ «§ If |3 I"* £
Raker ».9O C8 40 EE Cloudy .00
Carson 23. 7S 70 42 W Clear '.00
iriireka 30.C2 5« 50 JfW Cloudy .»J0
•Fr^eno i».74 I»4 M NW Cl^ar .00
fi. E. Fsralioa.23.93 52 48 NT Cloudy .00
najrstafr 2^.72 74 S\V Clear .00
FoesrteUo 23.94 VH r &i W Pt.Cldy .<<0
Indei»endence .23.70 M «0 S Clear .<jO
is>y Angeies... 2a. K$ 72 M "W Clear .00
Ml Tamalpais.29.»2 73 K7 NVT Clear .00
North Head.-.CJ.SS 54 50 S Cloudy .01
Phoenix rJ.O* !'S C» SW Clear .00
Pt,Rey»-s Lt..2a.K» .'.4 46 NW Clcudy .00
Portland 2».M « 48 S Cloudy .00
lied tiluff r:*.78 hS &R HE Clear ".00
SMfltnim 29. »4 7C 38 NW Cloudy .C-0
• Kaz-ramecto ..2fl-7* M M S Clear .00!
>:,:•' I >:.!-.• 2«.»2 «S 4« N Cloudy .<J0 \
Han Francinco.29.112 M 52 W Clear .<X)
San L. Obi*po.2».^ M 4S FE Clear .CO
Han Dieso 2V.WJ «3 M 6W Cloudy .CO
Kettle 2392 C2 «« SVV P^in Tr.
Hpckane 2a. 80 72 40 S Cloudy .00!
Tatocch ...... 29. HO M 4C S Rain .56
¦Ufella Walla.. 29. W» 70 46 SW Cloudy .<«i
Wtnnemucca .iT3.HO 7« >4O SXV Cloudy .00
Yjiiaa. ...29.CS US HO S Cle *l_ mW
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
C^oufly weather pm'alls over the northern
portion of the Pacifl* bIoj* and fair ever the
Krtithero. Light rain ha* fallen along the
WfcKhirjrton co**t.
The pressure has fallen generally over the
country west «rf the Rocky Mountains, except
a rite alec* the California coast. •
The temperature has fallen along the Cen
tral California coast and remained about eta*
tlonary in ether districte. ,
Forecast made at fian Francisco tor thirty
.fcoum ending midnight. May 17:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except
cloudy aions the northern coast; brisk "north
west w!nd.
tiouthern California — Fair * Tuesday; fresh
wett wind.
Ncvafia— Fair Tuesday.
!-aa Francisco and •rldnlty— Fair Tuesday;
brisk northwest wind.
G. H. WIULSON. Local Forecaster. I
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands etll
about under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 9«.c; medium. 9%c; Hght. 8c; Cow
Hide*' Sc for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
«c Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf Ho; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf ISc; Sheepeklns. shearlings. 25@30c each;
sho't Wool. 40@65c each/ medium. 70C»0c; long
Wool $1^1 5 °: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and ?2ST_' 50 for medium. SI 25@1 73 for
small and 50c for Colts. ' Horse Hide*, dry.
fl 73 for larte and $1 50 for medium. |1©1 23
for «mall and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican 30c: dry Saltrd Mexican. 25c; dry
Central ' American. 30@32%c. Goat Skins—
P-ime Angoras 75c; Urge and smooth. 50c:
medium :;3c; small. 20c. .,,„.„,
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4i 4 04%c per lb;
No •£. 3%«4c: sreafe. 2%^.1c.
WOOL — tiprlns clip — San Joaquln and South
ern 12 months'. Otjllc; do 7 months'. S^lOa
1 ti lb; Middle Counties, l-'v l'"c for free and
Ilfil4o' for defective; Northern. 15^ 17c for fre«
and 13019c for defective: Nevada. 12815c, ac
ucrdlns to condition. _'./. . «
HOI'S— 24627c per lb for California. 1903.
and 17%§-'0c for crop of 1004.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
SEW YORK. May 16. — The stock marke'
«a.< under himiuk again to-day and pricet
gravitated to a lower level In an Irregular
way. without much resistance. The depressing:
causes were Uw quite general dlstruet and
hesitation reflected in the business v.-ortd and
the rapid changes taking place In the resources
i>: ihe money market l.y reason of the heavy
pold eutgu. A special aggravating cause was
the n-newal of the liquidation in the Erie
Ftccks, with the acute weakness resulting.
The special Wfakr.e** rather more than offset
the sustaining influence of the firmer tone for
Initfj States h-teel prererred. The BUi>port
nt this stock carrlt-J it ur> a lar^e fraction
« arly and haul a cheering effect uinjn the gen
eral market. The weakness became fairiy
general in the mids<?5sion trading, the grain
and cotton carriers being especially, affected.
Ite selling Of these stocks was bused on the
weather conditions in the crop regions. The
of goM already made for ex
port, were added to hy onry $7r»0.0<K>. of which
$500,0<JO wa» for Thursday. But this limita
tion »»! <JUe to the exhaustion of the FUb
tmsillj's sujiply of K"ld bar.«, and the {>ost
l-oiipr.-ier.l of ?2.r^;,!AiO of the shipment in
tended for Tuesday until Thursday wan due
to the time cause. The tone of the foreign
exchange market shoved no tlgnc of relaxa
tion. Railroad earnings, reports of traffic of
fiiials and a reduction in the price of copper
failc-d to offer any help to the *tock market.
I'nited States s?te<?l rreferrei again asserteU
It? influence <n the market by It* last advance
of a $>o!nt with a rally In the Keneral list.
The clewing, however, wbf Irrecular.
Bends were rary. Total sales. Sl.SJO.OOO.
United States 2g and o* (coupon) and the
old 4g declined 'i per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — . t"ak-«. High. Low. Close
Atchlaoo «7% «7 % «7%
Atchison pfd 7m> H2 VI ' 4 Bl%
Italtimort: &. Ohio. U^l 77% 7«* 4 77
Iia.lt A: Ohio pfd... 7(«i Wt* !H>*t 1*0%
Canadian 1'aclHc . 7«o JlOi* lit* 118
Central of N J...* liU
t'khs «: Ohio 7(X> 2»% 'Jit TJ
Chicago & Alton.. IuO tf7* 4 :i7=i 37%
<"hi & Alton j>td 8O l i
Chicago & Gt West 3.7lM l.> 14 1 4 14 «j
Chicago Hi. N W...- l.lmi 1W« 1«>.>% \K»
Chi. M.l & Et Paul n/J-w 1S9"; 13^% 138%
Chi M Ac fct P p!J 175%
Chi Term 6z Tran* b
Chi T A T p(d 17
C CjC A i>iuu.. im> «5»'s «a> a ws
Colorado Southern 14%
Colo So lFt ftd... »X> 01% 51 ~ f>l
Colo So 2d pr J 20
Del &. Hud*on 1.7W l.w 153% 154
l>el Lack & Wet-t. l<*t 27i> 27i> 2f>Sii
Denver A HU> Or.. .>'«> 13"4 19 19
D*n & llio Gr pfd tiO-j «7 ?;."»% Mi
Erie 21,4<xi 22% 21% 21%
Erie 1st pra H.OlKJ .V.»>; :.7' B .'i7%
Krie 2d pfd 4.<»«» 34% S3 33%
Kecking Valley ... 5".>0 «% «1 62%
H-xklng Val jtid 7^ l J
Illinois Central ... 7uu lS 4 *^ 128% 12*%
Icwa, Central 1«%
Iowa, Central 'pfd 33
K C Southern 1W 17V 17% 17%
K C Southern pfd. 300 35 %* 35 35
Ix-uisv & Naahv... 2,luO 107% HKJ% 10<;»i
Manhattan L 7>JO 143 142' 4 142%
Metropol Securities 100 70 78 75
Metrop. 1 Street Hy G,1"O 111% 110 11«>%
Mexican Central... 100 7»4 7% 7
il:nn & ?t Louis r 42
MStPfcSSM... 200 61"-4 61% «1
M .SP &. £ S M.pfd 117
Missouri Pacific .. 1.600 89*4 M%
Mo Kans & Texas. 20<> 15*4 15% 15%
M K & T rfd 4.2U0 35% ?4 S4%
N R R of Mex pfd 35%
N T Central 2.10O 114% 113% 113%
Norfolk & West... 700 55^4 55% 55^4
Nor & Weet pfd 85
Ontario & Western 3.400 20% 20% 20%
Pennsylvania 41.600 115% 112% 112%
P C C & St Louis M
Reading 17,500 4I«i 40% 41
Readir.g 1st pfd 7S
Reading 24 rfd ICO f.9 53 59%
Rock Island Co .7.W*> 20% 2i»% »>*,
Rock Island Co pM 1.1<*» 64% «4 <V4'i
KtTL. & S F 24 pfd W> 46H 45% 4i7%
Ft Louis S W lf«) I2»4 12H 1^4
St Louis S W pfd. 100 31% Sl^ 31%
Southern Pacific . 28.500 45T4 4414 44
Southern Railway . 30O 'in 10*i ir>%
Bcuthera Ry pfd... SO0 K2 Bl%4 £2%
Texas A- Pacific .. 2,1^» 21% 2i>s<, 20%
Tol St L* -VVf^t.. 1<*> 24*4 24*4 24
T Ft L & W pfd.. 200 37% 37% 87%
Tnion Pacific 36.M»> fZ% fl>4 «?*
Inion Pacific pfd.. Sf«> 91 Jto»4 »o%
Waba*h 1.2f<0 15% 15 15%
Wabash pfd 6.S00 34 % H2% H2%
Wheel & Lak^ n.. 1«» 1% IS IB
Wisconsin Centra!. 1«> 17 1" J«%
Wlscontin Cen pf3- 200 28% 38% .38
Exprefcs Companies —
Adam* 7 220
American 150
T'nited" States \ 100
Wells-Farro ' 203
MiscrllaiK-ous — ;¦;''-
Amalpam Cn r per.. 31.400 4fir s 4S% 40%
Am Car & Found.. 1,000 17 Ifl 16
Am Oar & F pfd.. 400 69% 00 <*%
Am Cotton on » ?0%
Am Cotton Oil pfd S*
American Ice 100 6"i C% tt%
American Ice pfd 27>i
Am Un«»d OH S
Am Un«eed Oil r<M W 2R 2S 27%
Am»r I>xx)n50tive.. 1.000 17?« 17% 17%
Amor Lrco pfi.... 2W f>l SI SO
Am Fm*lt & Ref.. - r .00 49% 49 40%
Am B & nrf vt<\.. 1.000 nr.% o»% or. ¦
, Amor Fugar Kef. .. S..VX) 127 123% 125%
Anaconda Mln Co 74
P.rklyn Rap Trans. 23.500 4r.% 43% 44%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. -VO -loii 30 2fl'/j
Consolirtatcd Gas... ?,i.f>M 212% 20fi% 2W%
Ccrn Products -"CO 10S 10V* 1«%
Cr.rn Products pfd. 100 W',4 fiO'/ 4 *3
nstlllers" Sec* <"«> 21 20 20
Gf-neral Kiectrlc... TW 136% 181 1 53' 4
Intcmrtloniil Pap»r - -TrtO 10% 10% 10%
Intemtl Paper pfd. 100 C5% CoVi r -">
I Internat'nnnl Pump .:... ' 37
I InterntI pump pfd 70
: National Lead S00 IS54 1S% 18%
North American... 300 ' R3 RJ fi3
Pacific Mai! ... 400 24% 24% 21
Pf-ople's O« 000 D4^ !>4% 94%
PrPEsed ?t»e\ Car.. COrt 24% 24% -24%
! Prised S Car pfd. 100 G7 <57 «!(J%
¦ Pullman Palace Car 200 211% 211% 211
1 Republic Pteel l.EOO «% 0 6%
i nppubiic Strcl pfd. COO SS% 37% .tS%
Rubber Oo'j<1» 400 1514 13>,i I.'>Vi
Rubber Gofvls pfd 77
Tenn Ccal & Iron.. 4.R00 ' 32% 31% 32><
f B Leathrr fiOO «% fi% 0%
IT S leather rfd... :700«i.TOtft' 7!) 73%
US Realty./ 700 6% 6% 6%
V S Reefty pfd 2..W) r.R% BS 58
U 6 Rubber 900 16% 16 16%
IT S Rubber pfd... 1.500 CS C6% 67%
V S Steel -.. 8,000 K% 8% 8%
IT S Ft»cl pfd 50.600 52»4 51% 52%
V.'eatinghour* Elec. ; 155
Western Union..... 400 SS -87% -87
ToUl sales 468.300 shares. . ,, '
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK." May 16. — No bond transactions
to-<!ay.
AMERICAN CAN CO"MPANT.
Common. Md 4, asked 4 % ; preferred, bid
34%. asked 35. • ' - *
NEW YORK BONDS.
U - ret 2s reg.. 104*1 L & N unified *4s. 100%
Do coupon 104*J Man con gold 4s.. 103%
Do 3s res 105-% Mex Cent- 4s ..... WJ%
New York Stock Market.
UNITED 8TATES BONDS.
Bid Ask. I Bid. Ask,
4s qr coup..lO*»;i07 14s qr cp aew.132%133^
4s qr reg...lO7 107%!Ss qr coup. ..106 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6S.101 — O T Ct> ««..113%120
Bay CPC Sa.101 — Do 5s — 112%;
Cal C G 5s. — 105 Do con 5s. 101% —
Cal O 4 E g Oceanic S 5a. 65 73
m & ct 5e. 8H4 82%iOm Cable 68,121% —
Cal-st C 5s.ll6* < 117Vi!Pac Q Imto. - 10ft
C C Wat 5s. — 101 IP *: Ry 5a. — 105
EdL*P6s— 127 IP4CH 6».10*H —
F A C-H 69.114%11*% P & O R 6».11« —
Geary -st 5«.. — 82 I Powell -st 6a. — J14
H CAS 5%s.l00 — iSac EGAR5*. — M
Do 5s .... 97^ «8«i:sF & SJV5S.118 11T
Hon R T 6s.l04% — rsierra R 6s. — 11»
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.lll%112 (1909) 108*4 —
I. A L Co «¦ — — (1910) 100% —
Do gtd 6». — — S P of C 6a
Do gtd 5s. — 105 (19O5)Sr A.tf)l*« —
LAP lem 5s.l00% — (l»O5)Sr B.103% —
Mkt-st C fis. — 119 H (190fl> 104%194%
Do lem 5S.1135J — (1912) — 118
¦\'\'& MtT3s.l01% — SPC 1 eg Bs.llft —
NRR of Cfis.107 107% Do «tmpd..lOT«410»
Do 5s 116%117 |S P B R 6a. — IZ3%
N P C R 5s. — 106%i S V Wat 6s. 104% —
N" C Ry 59.109 — | Do 4s 2dm. MK —
N C P C 5a. 98%102%! Do 4« 3dm. 99% —
N S R R 5s. — 10O IStkn GAEfls. — 100
O G LAH 5s. — 107%iU G i E 5*. — 103
O W Btd 53. — — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra CosU 36 40 (Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 62%' S V Wat Co- 38 38%
GAS AND ELECTRIC,.-''
Cent L & P. 3 - 1.1 F O 4 B. O «n
Mutual E L. 12 12VStkn G & E. — «%,
Pac L Co... 56% - |UG4ECo. — »
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
f BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 — II. P ft A.. ..150 180.
Anglo-Cal . . 8.1 R7 iMer Trust.. . .2(V) —
nank of Cal.42tS44.TO M»rch Ex.... 55 —
; Cal Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Nation!. — —
First NationI — — I
• SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2285 2U50 |Pav .% L Sou. — ICO
Hum S & L. — — ISec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — I Union T Co.. — — '
S F Sav U.625 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 20O fPresidlo S»% 41
Geary — 60 I
POWDER.
Giant 61 61%!Vlgorit 4% 4T»
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 40c |Kllauea 8C. 8 4
lawallan C. 49% — Makawell C. 20% 21
Honokaa. 8 C 12 13 Onomea S C. 24 27%)
Hutch SPC 9% 9%|Paauhau S C. 13% 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.137% — I Oceanic 8 Ca - 4^5
Cal F C A. — 100%! Pac Aux FA. 5 6.
Cal Wine A. 91% — Pac C Bcrx.195 1ST
MYft MtTm.lCO — I
Morning Session.
Board—
10 California Win* Association... tl 60
300 Hutchinson S P Co 8 37J§
75 Paauhau S P Co 18 50
125 S F Gas Jfc Electric 6150
Street —
25 Hawaiian Coml * Sugar 60 00
$7,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5»...* 106 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — t
5 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 49 79
50 Makaweli 20 75
70 S F Gas A Electric 61 5O
$3,000 Cal Gas A El Gen M A C T 5a. 82 fl#
$2 000 Pacific Electric Ry 6a 105 80
8tre«t—
$1 000 S P of Arizona (1910) 109 SO
May IS— 2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY.
The' market continues inactive and un
changed, with ample stocks.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
heavy 10c for light medium. 12c for light,
13%c 'for extra light and 15@10c for sugar
cured* Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams, 12»12%c; Mess Beef, $10®
10 50 per bbl; extra Mess, $11 511 50; Family,
*l°ftl° 50- prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear,
I'l- Mess. ?13; Dry Salted Pork. 10c; ,Pi»
Perk $?7; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14a
P "aRD- Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
S*ic: 10-lb tins. 9Uc; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins,
9^c
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
gjic; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
NEW TORS, M^y 10.— Money on call, 1©2%
r*T cent; c!o«lne b:d. 1%, offered at 2. Time
I« ar.s, i.rner; sixty and ninety days, 3 per
cent; ei\ months. 3 4 34 per cent. Prime mer
cantile i.a;>tr, per cent. Sterling ex
change-, firm, with actual business in bankers'
li!!s at ?*.^Cao^4.bffl5 for demand and at
*4 K.~» for sixty-day bills. Posted rates, $i t<5%
ti I 8(5 and $4 &S. Commeiclal bills, f I Si%Q
4 S4%. Uar silver, 55%c. Mexican dolltirs,
44%e. Goverr.mer.t bonds, weak; railroad
Lends, easy.
• N&v York Money Market.
Its first monthly dividend at the rate of 3So
per share, amounting to $37,500; the Pullman
Company, a regular quarterly of $2 per share;
the United States Express Company, a regular
semi-annual dividend of $2 per share; til* In
ternational Smokeless Powder Company, a reg
ular semi-annual dividend of 4 p«r cant, or
at th« rate of $2 ptr shar« on the preferred
stock; the Daly West Mining Company of
Utah.' a monthly dividend of 40c per share;
this la a reduction of 25c per share from the
rate previously paid; Four Oil (monthly >. lc.
$3000; Union Oil (quarterly). 70c. $7O,«H>:
United Petroleum (quarterly). $1 15. $18,823:
Sovereign (quarterly) l%c, $7500; Sterling
(quarterly). 6c. $15,000.
The Italian- American Bank has removed t»
its new building on the southeast cornar of
Montgomery and Sacramento streets.
EASTEBX 3IAEKETS.
The situation remains unchanjed. Prices
for all descriptions are steady and several are
very firm.
BEANS— Bayos, f2 40*?2 55; Tea. *2 0C@
3 10: Butters. M3J3 50; email White, $2 90JJ
3 10; large White. $2 50#2 60; Pink. *a 4."s*
3 55; Red. $1 50^4 75: Lima, |3 25@3 30; Red
Kidneys, *4 5004 75; Blaekeye. $1 tMtftt 10 per
ctl: Horse E*an*. $2©2 50.
SEKDS— Brown Muntard, S4#4 25; Yellow
Mustard, 5-1Q3 25; Flax $1 SOfcl IK); Canary.
5%&3 1 -ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. l4U®ltfc: Raps.
l«02e: Timothy. «©6Uc; Hemp-. I^tMc per
lb: Millft. 3®o%c; Broom Corn Seed. J20S21
per ion.
.DRIED PEAS — Blaekeye, $3 per ctl; Nlles,
J3 Gr««n Peas. *3®3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
Of the heavy receipts* of 1125 tons yester
day from 300 to 400 tons are In transit for
Mexico, to will not be placed on this" market.
Attention is called to the exhibit made by San
Francisco as an exporter of Hay, which ap
pears in the first column. The market con
tinues weak, but there is no further decline.
No more new Hay- has been received..
The millers Intended to mark up Bran yes
terday morning, but the arrival of a large
line from the north led them to postpone the
advance for a day or two. The market rules
firm, however.
BRAN— *21<£22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 5C«?2'J 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $"J1©22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50^21 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 50g.U;
lobbing. £-"-; Cocoanut Cake, $22<g23: corn
Meal, $30 50^31 50: Cracked Corn, $3ie:i2.
Mixed Fesd. $214*22; Horse Beans, $J0©
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $11®15: Wheat and Oat. $11©
14- Oat. Jfl®l2: Barley, nominal. Stock
$6@10: Alfalfa. $0®ll per ton.
STRAW— 50@70c per bale. • •
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 8C@
5 10. usual termu; Ualcers' Extras, |4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 S5gi 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs:
Rye Flour. $.'! 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $'-i 50; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Gioats. $4 50; Hominy. $i@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50tf4 75: Cracked Wheat. «4;
Farina $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour, . $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, *7 25ftS t;0; in sacks, $ti 759
8 10; Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and MillsUiffs.
'Wall-street Stocks loner did Cotton higher.
'Sih'er.slighilv lower. Exchange unchanged.
. Wheat and Barley Futures higher. Oats and Corn firm:
,'Hcy, Bran and Middlings as before.
'Nothing ncrv in Beans or Seeds.
Old Potatoes in heavy supply and weak.
• Carload of Tomatoes in from Florida.
' 'Poultry selling off well at steady prices.
¦ Cherries and Strazvbcrries in large supply.
'•Oranges active and firm. More island Bananas in.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue plentiful.
m Almond crop said to be deficient this year.
Prozisions dull in all positions.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in liberal receipt and zveak.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Crop prospects are about the only feature
at present. It is generally admitted that the
Almond yield will be small this year, probably
not over a third of a crop, owing to heavy
rains while the trees were in bloom, though
this shortage will be more or less offset by the
very fair crop promls«d in Europe. Peaches
are expected to run- about the same as last
year. Ajrlcots will be a light crop, rather
more than last year. These, of course, are
merely estimates based on reports thus far
received and may be modified later on.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8%»10%c for Royals and
9@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples 4H9
6c; sun-dried. 3@4%c: Pfaches 6©»c.
Pears. 9«ll%c; Figs, white. 2%@3c in boxes,
black 4%c; Plums, pitted. 5@7%c per lb
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2©2Uc for th« four
sizes. • ,-/,-
RAISINS — F o b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 60-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 4-crown.
4c per Ib; 8-crown. 4%c; 2-crown. 4c; Malaga.
looee 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c; Thompjc-n s
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%c; Seedleas
Muscatels. 3%c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins lfl-02 cartons, fancy. 6%c; choice. 5V«c;
12-ost cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice. 4%e; in
bulk, fancy. 6Uc; choice. 5c; Imperial clus
ters $3; Deheaa, $2 CO; fancy. *2: Loadoa
Layers. 3 -crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%&14c;
No 2 ]l%S12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13©13%c;
No". 2' 11®11%c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils. 11 %c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9 Vic for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 60©5.
HONEY— Comb. 10@ll%c for whlta and 8%
£9%c for amber; water white extracted. 5®
5V 4 c; light amber extracted. 4%©4%c; dark,
3%«4c.
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb.
Dried Fruits } Nuts,Raisins,Hoiiey.
2 p. m. Session. ' . -
December — No sales; 94%c bid; 94 %c asked.
OATS — White ¦ have again advanced under
continued" scarcity. They are in demand. There
are no Grays here at present, and supplies of
Black aro also light. Most of the offerings
are Red, of which the supply seems to be
ample for the demand.
White, $1 40©l 47%; Black. $1 22%@1 27%;
Red. $1 27%©1 35; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Continues well held and firm at the
familiar quotations.
Western sacked, $1 4501 47% for Yellow and
White and $145 for Mixed; California large
Yellow. $1 47%©1 52%; small round do, $1 55t#
1C0; Whits, $i45f?147% per ctl: Egyptian.
$1 40@l 50 for white and |1 27%§1 80 for
brown. ?>
RYE— 51 30©l 32% per ctl."
BUCKWHEAT— $1 .5@2 per ctl. . * :
Op*n. . High. Low. Close.
May— No sales; $1 05% bid.".
December ... 03«i D4% 93*4 94%
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11 :30 a. m.
Feed." $1 02%«?l 07%; = Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 12%©1 15; Chevalier, $1 1091 20 for
fair to choice. ¦ '
changed, but futures higher in sympathy with
Wheat.., " ,. ¦¦••- . ... ... i.-V .
CASH BARLEY.
wheat pit was bullish -from the start to-day.
The opening in July was a shade lower to %#
%c higher at 83?ic to 84V*c. . There was an
urgent demand from shorts during the entire
day. There was also active buying to replenish
long lines. Offerings were comparatively light.
In order to secure any considerable amount of
wheat It was necessary to bid up prices rapid
ly. A matter which attracted much attention
from speculative traders was the fancy prices
paid here for cash wheat, a sale of 10,000 bush
els of No. 1 Northern being reported at l%e
over the May price. The strength In the cash
situation in outside markets was an additional
bull factor. A semi-official Russian crop . re
port was quite bullish, declaring that unfavor
able weather had greatly retarded the growing '
plant. The visible supply showed a greater de- }
crease than had been expected — a decrease of
1.C33.O0O ."bushels — and this fact added to the j
strength. The demand continued active through- j
out the session, but offerings were at no time :
large. The market closed almost at the top
price of the day. closing figures on July being
at SS^c. May sold between 91*ic and 93%c .
and closed at the high price. i
An advancing tendency. In line with the \
strength in wheat, was experienced In the corn
market A strong fpeling prevailed at the
clo^e. July opened %@vic to 1 /4'9%e higher at :
47^ic to 47%c, advanced to 48%c and closed
at 48c.
Oats shared in the strength of the other
grains, ruling firm. After opening a shade
lower to a shade higher at 3SV4e to S8%c July
sold up to 3S*i@3ST£e and closed at 38%c.
Notwithstanding a decline of 10c in hogs, the
provisions market was firm, due mainly to the j
strength of grains. Offerings were restricted ,
and were eagerly taken by shorts. July pork
closed with a gain of 10c, final figures being ,
at 111 27Vi- Lard was up 15c and ribs closed
5#7%c higher. '
The leading future? ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — i
I May MU 05% nUi 93<& j
'July, old ST)*ii 87 85H 8fi?i '
July new MH 85% 8.1%. 85%.
I September, old. 80»i Sl% '8014 81 j
! September, new 79 79% 78% 70?i
! Corn No. 2 —
I Mav 4714 47% 45% 47%
July 47% 48% 47% 48
September 4G;i 47»i 40% 47%
M?y at :. N :°-. 2 .7.. 42 42 41* «%
j u jv 3*% 38% 38% 38%
September :<0% 30% 30% 30%
Me»>s Pork, p»r bbl. — 1
Julv 11 12% 11 30 11 12% 11 27% ;
September 11 32% 11 47% 11 32% U 47% \
lard, "er l«0 lbs. —
julv C 40 6 47% 6 40 G 45
September 0 65 0 C2% C 55 « CO
j ghcrt Ribs. p*r 100 lbs.—
.julv 0 37% 0 4j «3.% fi 45
j September 6 55 8 00 6 C5 6 f.O
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, May 10. — Cash quotations were as
I follows: Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2 spring
! wheat,* t>2trnCc : No. 3, SOeuSc; So. 2 red. $1 03
i 01 (Hi; Nc. 2 corn, 60c; No. 2 yellow. 53333%c;
I No. 2 oats'. 42%@42%c: No. :: white. 41Q44c:
No. 2 rye 73c; soed feeding barley. 3Sif3sc; |
fair to choice malting. 45»j50c; No. 1 flaxseed.
$1 01- No. 1 Northwestern, $1 00; prime
1 timothy-seed, ?:!; m*s,s pork, per bbl.. $11 12%
I fill 20- lanl per 100 lbs.. *« 32%gt$ 35; short
riba sides (Io..i>e). $0 20@<i 30; short clear sides
(boxed) $<J 25rqK 50; whisky, basis of high
wines. ?1 25; clover, contract grade, $10 75.
\rtirles Receipts. Shipments.
F!cur. barrels 1-'.*00 lrt.itCO
Wheat. b-Jbhels 1^.100 40.7C0
1 Corn bushel! 1(^ m ««.^ Ct >
(Oat*; burbel* Wt.«0 01.200
Rv* bushels '.W0 I.-»00
j Barley, bushels 38,100 25,100
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.^
CHICAGO, May lfi. — On the Produce Ex-
I cr?nB« to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery 13010c; dairy. li®10c. Eggs were
! steady at I5tf©15%e. Cheese was weak, at
Fl GIN. III.. May 10.— Butter, firm at 19%c.
h decline of Uc trom last week's price. Sales
for " th'.- week in thq district were 5*57,000
, i>ounds.
of Pineapples received from Honolulu by the
steamer Sonoma.
STRAWBERRIES — $4!ge per cheat for Long
worths and $1 60@3 30 for the larger varieties.
CHERRIES — 75c«?$l 35 per drawer.
APRICOTS— $1©1 25 per crate.
APPLES—$ltf2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel - Oranges. %\ 75O
2 50 for fancy. $1 50©l 75 for choice and $1$
1 BO for standard; Seedlings. $1 25; Tangerines,
nominal; Lemons, $2 50@2 75 for fancy. (1 50<9
1 75 for choice and $1©1 25 for standard; Grape
Fruit $1 25Q2; Mexican Llmea, nominal; Ba
nanas J2tr3 per bunch for Central American
and $i@2 for Hawaiian: Pineapples. $283 per
dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, TUESDAY, -MAY IT, 1904. >,.
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 16.— As the . result of the
prevalance of tho idea that local contract stocks
are practically exhausted, sentiment In "tho
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Yesterday wu dividend day I for' a number
of corporations, but otherwise there was
nothing: stirring, as the demand for sj/cks
was" very light and changet were few and
narrow. 1
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Port Costa Water
Company, regular monthly. 30c per. share,
amounting to $1500;- Presidio Street Railroad
Company, regular monthly.' 20c per share,
amounting to ¦ $2000; Pacific Auxiliary . Fir*
Alarm, regular ¦ quarterly.; 10c per share.
amounting- to $2500: the Debenture Surety
Company. » monthly dividend of 5c: tbe
United States Steel Cdnapany. a quarterly div
idend of l*i per. cent on the preferred «teck;
the California Gaa and Electric Corporation.
Yesterday Dividend Day, With
1 but Little Trading.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
19
AUCTION SALES
3TOTZO&
By rlrtue of an order Issued out of tl»« Su-
perior Court of the City and County of Ban
Francisco. State of California, on the 7th day
of May. 1904. notice is hereby atven Uiat ?•
will sell at public auction to the highest bid-
der for cash, subject to confirmation by th«
court, payable 10 per cent of th« jrarcha»»
price on th* fall of the hammer, and th«
balance upon confirmation of »ald »al» by «*•
court, on Wednesday, tbe 1SU> day of May.
1904. at 2 o'clock p. in., la front of the Mar-
chants' Exchange, situate at tbe corner of
Sansome and Sacramento streets In th* City
asd County of Saa Francisco. State of. Cali-
fornia, the steamers Napa City and 3U
Helena, their enrlnea. 2 bollera, machinery,
boats, tackle, apparel, appurtenance* and fur-
niture with the warehouse belonging t» H. «.
Bell. J. M. Graham. A. Hatt Jr. and Oust***
H. Munk. situate in Naoa City. California.
The said steamers are stern wheel steamer*
and of 17S.87 and 344.99 ton* register 'respect-
ively. EDWARD 3. SPEAR * COj. A80-
tioneers.
To Close Out My Entire Stock
_or—
37 Work and Driving
Horses
4 surries. 4 top buggies, 3 carts. 12 road aa4
business buggies and 30 seta of stngle a ad,
double harness. I will sell at 1140 Folsom St..
TUESDAY. MAY 17. 11 a, m.. entire stock it
auction.
J^S 5?*V .£rV
AUCTION SALS at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. MAX
IS. at 11 a, m. I will sell 45 good horses.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.Turtle Acain in Trouble.
The annual picnic of St. John's par
ish will take place to-morrow at Sun
set Park. Already many valuable
gate and game prizes have been se
cured. The cost of the round trip will
be Slxt or adults and 50 cents for chil
dren. The train will leave Third and
Townsend streets at 9:10 a. m., stop
ping at Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets, at D:20; at Bernal (opposite
St. Marys avenue) at 9:30 a. m. Re
turning It will leave Sunset Park at
5 p. m. Rev. "William J. Butler is in
charge of the committees of arrange
ments, printing and press, while
Thomas Cullen, Rev. P. D. Brady,
Peter Claffey, Major J. H. Wesplear,
Benjamin Burns and John Mitchell
are in charge of the music committee.
There will be first class band music,
and a good time is in store " for all
those attending.
St. John's Parish Picnic.
The Tavern of Tamalpais will receive
its patrons by the new time schedule of
the Tamalpais Railway, which goes Into
effect to-day, as advertised in the rail
way columns. This most delightful of
all mountain rides in the world is the de
light of globe trotters and tourists gen
erally. Besides meriting the appellation
of the crookedest railroad in the world,
it affords kaleidoscopic views of'moun
tain, sea and valley unequaled anywhere.
• Every weekday morning a gravity car
leaves the hotel to accommodate early
travel, and along the eight and one-tifth
miles of track, with 281* curves, the car
attains a speed -sufficient to exhilarate
the sleepiest passenger. With 413 feet
the longest stretch of straight track, one's
neck becomes twisted much like a cork
screw, which there is leisure to untwist
during the pleasant ride across the bay.
Thus far this year travel has been heav
ier than ever, the . number of • patrons
stopping over night to watch the sun set
and rise frequently testing the hotel ca
pacity. . .
New Time Table.
The Pacific Coast Conference of Uni
tarian and other Christian churches
will begin this evening at the Second
Unitarian Church, Twentieth and
Capp streets.
There will be an address of welcome
by the pastor at 8 o'clock. It will be
responded to by Charles A. Murdock.
The conference sermon will be deliv
ered by the Rev. George Croswell
Cressy, D. D., of Portland, Ore.
To-morrow the morning session will
begin at 9:30 o'clock, the afternoon ses
sion at 2 and the evening at 8. The
sessions of Thursday will convene at
the same hours.
Divines and Laymen to Gather at Sec
ond Unitarian Church.
CONFERENCE OF CHURCHES.
Dr. A. C. Bothe, City Chemist, was
the first witness examined in the^ trial,
which was not opened until afternoon
because of the amount of testimony in
troduced in the Hutton contempt pro
ceedings at the morning session. Bothe
testified to the contents of Blaise's
stomach when it was received from the
Coroner's office. He said he found in
dications that in addition to the meal
taken In the restaurant deceased had
eaten crab or some character of shell
fish. General Salomon made, the most
of this point as tending to show that
Blaise partook of food not furnished
at the Mexican restaurant, where he
and Soeder* ate their last dinner.
Following him came Miss Clothilde
Vallarta, who testified to the dinner
which ' Blaise and Soeder took at the
restaurant on the* evening of January
10. She asked for an interpreter.; , The
vital . points of her testimony \ related
merely to what was served .to the, two
men and the tim*>of their departure;
.which she placed at between 6 o'clock
She was 'the one attractive feature
in the courtroom. A hat laden with
violets and surmounted by a beautiful
white ostrich plume decked a face that
was peculiarly remindful of Anna Held
except for the eyes. Her sister was
more plainly dressed, but both were
laughingly proud of the notoriety.
At the end of the hearing Soeder
was asked If Miss Marie ValLarta was
in love with him. "No sabe nada," said
the defendant, which In Spanish means
that he knew nothing. Even un
der the promptings of his chief
counsel, General Salomon, he refused
to answer any questions regarding
Miss Marie Vallarta. Afterward, in
the jaii, he stated that hie knew her
only as he would know ! any other
woman waiting on table in a res
taurant where he was In the habit of
taking his meals, and that she had
told the full truth regarding his vis
its to the restaurant.
The two Vallarta girls have been
counted upon by the prosecution as an
important link in the testimony con
necting Soeder with the murder of
Blaise. Both were on the stand yes
terday and their testimony leaned to
ward the defendant. When Miss Marie
Vallarta was called to the stand she
smiled on everybody she had ever seen
In connection with the case, and among
those she recognized was Leon Soeder.
She showed her white teeth to him
with a bow, and he smited back awk
wardly.
LOOKS LIKE AXXA HELD.
It had been proved by the prosecu
tion that the cause of Blaise's death
was a stab wound in the carotid artery.
It had been shown that Soeder secured
Insurance on his brother-in-law's life
to the extent of $13,000. Except a $3000
accident policy, all of the insurance
was made payable to Blaise's wife, who
is Boeder's sister.
One of the main witnesses for the
prosecution in the trial of Leon Soeder
for the murder of his brother-in-law,
Joseph Blaise, on the night of January
10 of this year, has fallen down. She is
Miss Marie Vallarta, one of the two
sisters who were proprietors of the res
taurant at 721 Broadway, where Blaise
and Soeder ate dinner on the night of
January 10. On the following morning
Blaise was found below a retaining
wall on Taylor street, between Green
and Vallcjo, with his throat cut and
the marks of a blunt instrument on
the back of his head.
Chinese Watchmen Dismissed.
Walter S. Bates and T. T. Brown,
watchmen at the detention ehed on the
Mail dock in the service of the Unit
ed States Immigration Bureau, were
summarily dismissed from their po
sitions yesterday by order of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor.
They had been recently the complain
ants against Chinese Inspector M. R.
Blackburn, watchman in charsre, and
the department found that there was
no foundation for the charges and
that the work of the bureau would b»*
done better and more speedily without
the two watchmen named.
Soeder has recovered his good hu
mor and was happy over the showing
of the prosecution. General Salomon
is confident of an acquittal and the
defense is generally satisfied that the
accusation against. Soeder will fall.
Vague promises are held out by the
prosecution that a sensation will be
sprung before the trial is ended, but
no definite line can be secured as to
what this will be outside of an al
leged confession of Soeder to a cell
mate of his in the County Jail.
E. Kistler. clerk at the United States
Hotel on Eddy street;. Dennis Collins,
assistant division superintendent of the
Union-street line, and Bernard Bolin, a
watchman at the Union-street barn,
gave unimportant testimony for the
prosecution. . ' ,
Her sister followed, and said that
Blaise and Soeder were patrons of the
restaurant three or four times a week.
Soeder always paid the bill, but be
yond a greeting he never entered into
conversation with her. On the night
of January 11 he took dinner there
alone, and appeared sad. She asked
what was the matter and he told her
that Blaise had been killed and show
ed her an afternoon paper containing
the account of the prime. Soeder stated
that his brother-in-law must have been
robbed and n^irdered, as he had about
$00 in his pockets.
Charles Vose, the gripman on the
Union-street line, who was riding on a
car' on the night of January 10 and
who is supposed to have seen Blaise
board the same car and dismount at
Taylor street, where he was met by
Boeder, proved considerable of a dis
appointment as an identification wit
ness. He stated that the man stand
ing at the lamp post on Taylor and
Union streets was facing the hill and
he could only get a "three-quarters"
view of him as the car went by. To
the, best of his knowledge and belief,
he said, the man under the lamp post
was the defendant, but when asked
on cross-examination if he was willing
to swear to this statement he said
"No."
SOEDER APPEARED SAD.
and 6:15 on the evening of January 10.
TWO WITNESSES FQU THE PROSECUTION IN THE SOEDER TRIAL WHOSE
TESTIMONY FAILED TO MEET THE EXPECTATIONS OF THO8E WHO
BELIEVE THE DEFENDANT GUILTY OF MURDER.
Louis II. Eaton gave his twenty
fifth organ recital at Trinity Church
last night, at which there was an at
tendance of several hundred.
Mr. Eaton was assisted by Miss Mil
lie Flynn. soprano, who sang "Hear,
Ye Israel." most beautifully; Chester
Rosekrans. tenor, who rendered Barn
by's "The Soft Summer Breeze," from
"Rebekah." in a voice of rare quality
and flexibility, and Samuel Savannah,
violinigt, who played Max Bruch's ro
manze. op. 42, and Philip Scharwen
ka's "Legends" with superb effect, the
organ accompaniment- by Louis Eaton
being in the organist's finished style.
One of the gems of the recital was
Eaton's masterful and shading inter
pretation of William Faulkes' theme,
varied, in G major. His playing of !
Johann Sebastian Bach's fantasie and
fugue, in G minor, the first number on
the programme, prepared the assem
blage for the great things that were
to follow. Louis Boellmann's "Priere
a Notre Dame," from "Suite Goth
ique," was splendidly played. All the
numbers were given with fine effect.
Mr. Eaton received many congratula
tions at the close of the recital.
and Violinist, Renders a Splen
did Classical Programme.
I.ouU H. Eaton, Assisted by Vocalists
GREAT ORGAX RECITAL
IS GIVEN AT TRINITY
When the detectives called at 1309
Broadway Mrs. Strinkorb wa,s not in \
her room. They waited till she re
turned, carrying in her hand a suit
case. She had pawned her Jewelry and j
was attired in a complete new outfit, {
the clothes she had worn when leaving
her husband's house being found in a
closet in her room. She was brought
across the bay to police headquarters, |
and when questioned by Captain Mar- |
tin she said that the soldier she had j
loved before meeting her husband had j
died, but she declined to say when or !
where. She said she lived unhappily j
with her husband and had the inten
tion of committing suicide when she
left her home, but she met Parsons on
his car and he advised her against it.
He provided a room for her in a re
spectable house on Friday night and
on Saturday went with her to Oakland. )
She had obtained a good job there and i
would not return to her husband. Her
only regret was at leaving her baby.
Mrs. Nettie Strinkorb, wife of Fred
Strinkorb, beer bottler, 3936 Sacramento
street, who left her home on Friday
night after penning pathetic notes tell
ing o* her intention to commit suicide
by jumping off the rocks at Bakers
Beach, was found in Oakland j-esterday
afternoon. The supposition that James
Parsons, motorman on the Eddy street
line, knew of the woman's whereabouts
proved correct. The police learned that
she and Parsons went across the bay
Saturday morning and engaged a room
in a lodging-house at 1309 Broadway.
P&rsons explained to the landlady that
Mrs. Strinkorb was his sister-in-law,
and she reglstred under the name of
Nettie Parsons. On Saturday afternoon
she obtained employment in a restau
rant at 1227 Broadway and remained
there till 8 o'clock that night.
Great Interest Is attached to the pro
ceedings of the river convention that
•will, be held in this city May 23. This
ha* been etimulated largely by publi
cations in the papers of the mountain
counties and in the Sacramento Valley
tn which the agency of mining is fill
ing up the river beds has been discuss
ed Tilth more or less vigor.
An impression has been created, at
le&Et In some quarters, that there will
b# something said on the floor of the
convention concerning gold mining by
th* dredger process. As a result of
this a committee that embraced a large
chare cf the more influential members
cf the California Miners* Association
paid a visit last week to Oroville and
made a personal inspection of the oper
ations of the dredgers and also of lands
above and below the places where the
.'dredgers are used. The committee was
accompanied by Colonel Heuer of the
California Debris Commission.
The California Miners* Association
•rill be represented on the floor of the
river convention, so declares Secretary
Benjamin, by a delegation numbering
twenty. In the call for the convention
ell crganizatk-ns of a semi-public sort
were invited to take part. The Cali
fornia Miners' Asocintlon addressed a
letter to the Sacramento Chamber of
Commerce and set forth that the asso
ciation had taken a leading part In
having work done on the Tuba River
for the purpose of restraining the de
bris from flowing down the stream. I
In return a letter was received from
the Sacramento Chamber of Commerce
In which the miners' association was
requested to send representatives to
the convention. If nothing is said about
tnining on the floor of the convention
the miners will have no presentation
\-j make. But a report has been pre
pared as a result of the visit of the
committee of the association to Oro
viUe and vicinity and this will be
ready if any question is publicly raised
' concerning the effect of dredging for
gold in streams that flow into the Sac
ramento River.
• The committee on invitation and ar
rangements has invited each reclama
tion district to send two delegates to
the river convention. These delegates
will be admitted to the convention upon
presentation of a certificate signed by
the president and secretary of the re
clamation district. All intending dele
gates are requested to send notice to
Edward P. Antron, secretary of the
committee on invitations and arrange
ments.
Academy of Sciences Hall was
crowded to the doors last night 'by a
representative gathering of the leading
dentists of the State at the first of the
evening sessions of the State Dental
Association. Owing to the absence of
Dr. D. D. Smith of Philadelphia the
reading of his paper on "Alveolar
Pyorrhea; Its Cause, Sequela and
Cure" was deferred until this even
ing.
Leander Van Orden, M. D., president
of the State association, delivered a
most interesting address on the his
tory of dentistry In California for the
last thirty years. He paid a tribute
to Dr. Smith's great work in perfect
ing a system of polishing teeth to such
a degree that decay can be reduced to
a minimum. He explained that by Dr.
Smith's system teeth were given a
polish impervious to the action of
starchy foods. Dr. C. L. Goddard
spoke on ; dental education, and Jo
seph D. Hodgen, D. D. S., gave a most
interesting talk on radium, illustrating
his remarks with $600 worth of the
wonderful metal.
The clinics will be continued to-day
in the surgical room In the Donohue
building and this evening the second
of the evening sessions will be held in
the Academy of Sciences Hall.
EVENING SESSION.
Jose. "Baking Porcelain Crown on Seamless
Cap. Pelton Furnace": Dr. A. J. Baer. San
Francisco. "Fracture Inferior Maxilla"; Dr.
F W. Harnden.. San Francisco. "Crenshaw
Matrix Incisor"; Dr. E. A. Clay. San Fran
cisco "Baking of Porcelain In Original Fur
nace"; Dr. C. S. Ayres. Oakland, "Backing
Teeth": Dr. A. H. Wallace. San Francisco,
"Porcelain Inlay— 'Patient' "; Dr. O. P.
Roller Los Angeles. "Amalgam Filling, New
Matrix"; Dr. A. W. Taylor. San Francisco,
"Tempering Instruments."
Third period. 1:30-3 p. m. — Dr. C. W.
Knowles. San Francisco. "A Matrix"; Dr. A.
M. Barker. San Jose. "Porcelain Inlay — Jen
kins Body — Fusing Without Muffle": Dr. G.
N Van Orden, San Francisco. "Slxteen-Tooth
Bridge in the Mouth— Seamless Gold Crown In
the Mouth, Repair of Bridge, 'Bryant System,'
Setting Crown With Evans' Gutta Percha.
Cement" : Dr. Amy B.jwman. San Francisco,
"Napklnlng": Dr. George W. Rodolph. Oak
land, ••Porcelain Inlay in Incisor. 'Jenkins
l;ody'"; Dr. F. J. Lane, San Francisco. "Of
fice Linen— Polishing Amalgam Fillings"; Dr.
AUrnd Cane. "Rotary Plugger."
Fourth period, ."-4:30 d- m.— Dr. E. I*
Townsend, Los Angeles, "Porcelain'.' : Dr.
Thomas L. Hill. Pan Fraijflsco. "Combination
Filling Hirschlng's Plastic Cohesive Gold.
Plastic Cohesive Tin"; Dr. J. 41. Dunn, San
Francisco, "Surgical Ca*e" : Dr.! W. A.
Knowles, San Francisco, "Cradles for Dum
mies"; Dr. Roy K. Belden, San Francisco,
"Original Method of Inlay Work"; Dr. A. T.
Derby San Francisco, "Successful Skeleton
Crown"; Dr. R. A. Day, San Francisco.
"Baked Porcelain Crown": Dr. W. A. Bryant.
Ban Francisco, "Narcotlle Anaesthesia, Lead
Plate In Fracture of Inferior Maxilla,"
Second period, 10:30-12 a. m.— Dr. W. N.
Avery. San Jose. "A Unique Method of Taking
Impression for and Swaging Seamless, Open
faced and Jacket Crowns and Caps for Rich
mond CrownV; Dr. Warren de Crow, San
Those of the Alumni Association
are: James G. Sharp, president; Guy
S. Millberry, vice president; C. H.
Bowman, recording secretary; F. W.
Harnden, corresponding secretary;
Leander Van Orden, treasurer.
The joint committee consists of W.
A. L. Knowles and Guy S. Millberry.
The following clinics were given yes
terday:
First period. 0:00-10:30 a. m.— Dr. W. V.
B. Ames. Chicago. "Porcelain Inlay With
Silicate of Zinc Surface for Anchorage": Dr.
C. L. Goddard. San Francisco, "The Study of
the Cusps of Molars"; Dr. John Sayre Mar
shall. United State* Army Dental Corps, "The
Diagnostic and Therapeutic Value of the Gal
vanic and Faradic Currents In Dental Sur
gery"; Dr. P. M. AVullIemin. Chicago. "Ni
trous Oxld Anaesthesia. With Original Mouth
piece"; Dr. H. D. Noble, San Francisco. "Mo
lar Tube Crown"; Dr. Mary Botsford. San
Francisco, "Nitrous Oxld Anaesthesia. Fol
lowed by Chloroform or Ether"; Dr. George
It. Stallman. San Francisco. "Logan Crown":
Dr. W. J. Taylor. Sacramento. "Approxlrr.al
Contour Filling. U>lng Plastic Mat Oold" ; Dr.
"VV. N. Herrings. "Special Method .Richmond
Crown."
The officers of the State Association
are: Leander Van Orden, president;
Walter J. Taylor, first vice president;
W. A. L. Knowles, second vice presi
dent; O. P. Roller, third vice presi
dent; C. E. Post, recording secretary;
Frank C. Pague, corresponding secre
tary; Thomas N. Iglehart, treasurer.
In addition to the clinics, exhibits
of work were displayed and attracted
much attention. A manufacturers*
department was set apart and pre
sided over by both Eastern and West
ern dentists. ,
Members of the California State
Dental Association and the Alumni
Association of the dental department
of the University of California, who
have joined in arranging the con
clave, say that it has started under
more favorable auspices than has any
clinic previously held here.
The Union Clinic, held in connec
tion with the thirty-third annual ses
sion of the California State Dental As
sociation, opened yesterday morning at
the infirmary of the dental department
of the University of California in the
Donohoft building. At 9 o'clock the
rooms were thronged with visitors
and shortly afterward the clinics com
menced. The operators were all
men of high standing in their profes
sion and the interest manifested was
Intense.
"The Incarnation," a review of the
sixth chapter of Dr. Orr's "Christian
View of God In the World." was pre
sented by the Rev. Robert Whltaker
before the Baptist Ministers* Associa
tion yesterday.
An interesting hour was passed by
the members of the Christian Church
Ministers' 'Association yesterday after
noon when they listened to Professor
J. G. Rodger of the University Union
of California, which is situated at Los
Angeles. ,•
Professor Rodger said the university
had been founded to carry on religious
educational work from a scientific
viewpoint and to help students to see
that the great fundamental truths of
science, instead of conflicting with the
great fundamental truths of religion,
are in harmony with them, as Her
bert Spencer contends.
Dr. James A. Chamberlain of the
First Congregational Church, Bacra
mento, delivered an address of a tech
nical character, entitled "The Social
Atonement," before the Congregational
Ministers* Association yesterday morn
ing.
The speaker held that the law of
suffering is the handmaid of progress.
He held that sensitiveness and suf
fering are essential to society's salva
tion and that the problems of the in
dustrial strife of to-day will be solved
when men become sensitive to every
injustice.
UNIVERSITY UNION.
The pupils come and go. Some are
seafaring men, others are travelers.
There are those who remain long
enough to get a grounding in th« most
essential parts of an English educa
tion and the foreign pupils represent
almost every . nationality of the world.
The night school turns out youths
and men who become proficient in the
professions, said Professor MacDonald,
and he gave an account of those who
embrace the study of architectural and
mechanical drawing.
Then the ministers were informed of
the demand for those who study at the
night school, the employers of the city
believing that in them must be the
sort of material that makes the man
when they are willing to give up their
spare moments to receive an educa
tion.
Since July 1 last the number of
pupils enrolled on the Lincoln Evening
School books is 3300.
PROFICIENT STUDENTS.
When the professor made the state
ment that the ages of scholars attend
ing the evening schools range from 14
to 60 years of age there was surprise.
Not alone are elderly men eager to
improve themselves, but women of
years are known to drop in and seek
knowledge.
In one instance given by Professor
MacDonald, a gentle, elderly lady, de
sirous of knowing how to read and
write that she might herself peruse
and reply to letters from her grand
daughter instead of depending longer
upon her neighbors to 'perform thos»
offices for her, came to a night school
and studied until she was able to read
and write of her own account.
"Night Schools" was the subject of
an address by Professor A. H. Mac-
Donald, principal of the Lincoln Even
ing School, before the Presbyterian
Ministers* Association yesterday morn
ing.
Professor MacDonald gave Informa
tion which most of the ministers ad
mitted was new to them, consequently
they were greatly interested to learn
of the benefits that accrue not alone
to the youths of the city but to adults
as well.
Aim of University Union
Is Told Christian Church
Clergy at Weekly Meeting
Says She Intended to Com
mit Suicide, but Was Dis
suaded by James Parsons
Interesting Session of the
Sjtate Association Is Held
at Academy of Sciences
SCIENCE AND RELIGION
PROCURES EMPLOYMENT
MANY GOOD EXHIBITS
Twenty Men Arc Selected to
Represent the Association
in Important Proceedings
DELEGATES ARE NAMED
'Burner Causes an Inspection
Near Oroville and Report
for the Kiver Convention
Visitors Watch With Inter
est Work of Operators
From Many Parts of State
Professor MacDonald Gives
Some Novel Information
to Presbyterian Ministers
Mrs. Xettie Strinkorb, Who
Left Her Home on Friday
Night, Found in Oakland
STRIKES OUT
FOR HERSELF
NIGHT SCHOOLS
ARE HIS THEME
DENTISTS HOLD
UNION CLINIC
SOEDER AND HIS COUNSEL
PLEASED WITH TESTIMONY
Defendant Charged With Murder of His Brother
in-Law Is Smiled at by Pretty Spanish Girl on
Whose Evidence the Prosecution Greatly Relied
DREDGE MINING
MAY MAKE TALK
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17. 1904,
Three suits brought by the Tonopah
and Salt Lake Mining Company
against the Tonopah Mining Company
of "Nevada were dismissed yesterday
in" the ( ;Unlted States Circuit' Court by
stipulation.'. . . .. .. .
Mining Suits Dismissed.
Benjamin Landerdale, a bartender
employed in ihe Turtle saloon and
chophouse at the corner, of Geary and
Powell streets, was arrested last night
by Policeman Hogan for selling liquor
without a -license. Hogan called: at
the ' place and ordered a drink, which
was served him. The 'Turtle has no
license to sell. liquor without meals.
20
A little BORAX docs for water what
a Ihlie kindness often does for the heart—
softens It* The Boraxologist recommends
them both*
When you soften water with BORAX
you double its cleansing power* You will
be surprised to see how much easier and
cleaner you can wash things by adding a
little BORAX to the water* Use it in
the laundry and kitchen* toilet and bath*
Insist upon having 20-MULE-TEAM
BRAND BORAX— it's pure. Sold by
Druggists and Grocers* J4* x /i and J-Ib*
packages*
The (zmota "AMERICAN GIRL** PICTURES FREE to punhaxn <A
"20-MsIe-Team Borax." At stores or sent for BOX TOP and 4c fa stamps.
Pacific Coast Borax Co* New York, Chicago, San Fraadsco.
"*\ Twenty U*l» Tmm-Our TnOm UUk.t" — 1~^->—^-— _ _ .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
||j Cut the Can k!
k«£| and compars tha quality of y J
m e $ H
H Evaporated m
II Greasn Ji
p|jwlth any of lt3 Imitations. Bra
»S Note the difference. See how JftJg
fcgS smooth and appetizing our f*a
E&a product is, owing to 1'gEJ5«
Kjpl h*avy consfster.cc, which £</.«[
rja keeps ths butter fat equally |j§(|
gSti distributed, in contrast with cj£*|
Kgi the cheap and thin imita- k>q||
' jgaEa tions which allow the but- laBai
ter fat to rise and form Is|&?L
STATEMENT
oy the
CONDITION" -1XD AFFAIRS
OB" THE
CONNECTICUTFIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE BTATB OT
Connecticut. on th» 31st «Say cf T*-
e*mber, A. D. 1903. and for tn« year •ndlc*
on that day. as m*d« to the Insurance Com-
mlisloner of th<» fctate of California, punuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and Oil o£ tn»
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
Dished by tha Commissioner:
CAPITAIa.
Amount of Capital Stock, pall uy
In Cash $1.000. noo 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... (192,300 00
Loan* on Bonds and Mortgaros... 1.233.220 00
Cash Market Valu* of all EtocKs
and Bonds owned by Company.. 8.107. <M3 <K>
Cash In Company's Office. ....... SS9 43
Cash In Banks 804.313 73
Premiums In du» Cours« of Col-
lection 223,831 4«
Bills receivable. not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 8.298 IS
Total assets ..$5,172,038 89
- LJABIL.ITTES. ~ ~~ ~
Lossed adjusted and unpaid $37,307 38
Lossea In process of Adjustment
or In Suspens? 160,1 AT 00
Losses resisted. Including expense* 27,653 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $1,827.-
816 S3: reirsuraace 50 per c«nt.. 913.0CS 41
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
runntnn more than one year, $2. -
W62.956 64; reinsurance pro rata. 1.S71.010 04
Total- liabilities „„...»,. |2. 730, 531 43
rN'COME. ' ~
Net cash actually received for Ftr*
premiums $2,834,413 10
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ¦.. 64.782 S*
Received for Interest ar.d dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 121,4.".« 9*
Received for Rents 4.177 63
Received for profits oa sala of
Ledger Assets 7.244 S3
Total Inoom* ...... _ X3.081.088 90
EXPEJCDTTURES.
Xet amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including losses of previous
years) •Jl.414.Ca TT
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage SS7.S00 24
Paid for SalarlM. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 202,827 64
Paid for State. Xatiooal and Local
Taxes 94.02S 7t
All other payments and expendi-
tures 18T.532 11
Total Expenditures .....$2,587,363 55
Firi
Losses Incurred during the» year. .$1,429,292 28
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount cf Risks
written during the
year 5C61.4S8.9C7 $3,498^067 03
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 230.258.BS3 3,066.100 23
Xet amount in force
December 31. 19O3. . 3SD.447.561 4.T9O.773 S3
J. D. BROWNE. President.
CHARLES R. BURT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 4Ui
day of January, 1904.
J. H. THATCHER. Notary Publlo.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, Manager.
COLIN M. BOYD, Agent for San Francisco.
216 Sansome Street
; S0HTA6 BROS.. City Agis., 230 Montgomarj St.
There's an Element
of fight in our methods that makes
our laundry work pleasing to every
eye.
We fight slipshod methods and
methods that wear garments unrea-
sonably, with the result that our out-
put goes to particular people and
pleases them.
Why not to you? ' *'
No saw edges. Ir?*^*"* '
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MARKET STSEST.
Telephone South 420. "
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
l&ialogue and Price Usu Maiiai
on Application.
FRESH A2TD SALT MEATS.
liS ROYFS & fft Shipping Butcher.. 10S
* fl >'« PUICJ U 1>U« CUy. T«fc Main 12M
_ ox&s.
LOBRICATKJO OILS; LEONARD * ELLI3,
«lg Front «C. 8. F. Phon» M?tT» m*.
LCmiGiEES, _, .maJXSTka
/'FORCE" keeps the
brain "waked-up" all day.
No matter whether you
write or figure or saw
wood or pound stone:
You'll do it the better
for eating "FORCE."
AI) vxBTISE3CEin3.