VOLUME XCV— XO. 164.
TE£ WEATHEB.
Torecast made at Ean rran-'
ci«co for thirty icurs eaiiny
at midalffht Stay 12, 1004:
San Trzndsco and vlciaity —
Pair Thursday; liffk* Bouti
winds, dumping' to brisk west
erly, with fog-.
A. G. McASIE,
District Forecaster.
RUSSIANS AT PORT ARTHUR
RECEIVE A SUPPLY OF WAR
MATERIAL FROM LIAOYANG
EMPEROR NICHOLAS HOLDING *HIS ANNUAL REVIEW ON THE CHAMPS DE
MARS OF ALL THE TROOPS IN THE MILITARY DISTRICT AT ST. PETERS
- BURO. WHICH INCLUDES EVERY REGIMENT. OF -IMPERIAL GUARD. •
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, May 11. —
It is reported that members of the
White party have blown up two rail
road bridges, which were poorly
guarded, a short distance from this
city.
Railroad Bridges Are Blown Up.
HALIFAX. N. S.. May 11.— Captain
T. E. Nash of the Royal Engineers, an
officer of the Imperial Government, is
in Ottawa, assisting: the Canadian De
partment of Militia and Defense to
prepare plans for new fortifications in
this country. Some of these works of
defense will be erected along the
American border.
\Vill Build New Fortifications.
DANGERS AT NEWCHWANG.
English Have Adopted . No Measures
for Safety of Subjects.
LONDON, • May- 11. — Earl ..Percy,
Under- Foreign Secretary, replying to
a question : In : the House of ; Commons
to-day, said, the 1 British Consul at New
chwang had not asked for -a gunboat
for the protection . of British interests
in view, of the possibility of an: attack
by; brigands.' Newchwang being in the
theater of war, his» Majesty's • Govern
ment Some time ago. took the only, step
possible in ; requesting, the belligerents
to safeguard i the - Interests of British
subjects. . The,-. Russian Government
promised. that^alhprecautions would be
taken. Should the Russians retire from
Newchwans;he;(the secretary) did not
suppose | there, would ;be ; any 'protection
for i British life , or property { against
brigandage until; the entry of the Jap
anese Into the town.,-' * . i . ' . » ,
War • News 'Continued' on ; Pago " 2.
JAPAN'S NEW EXPLOSIVE.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 11,— Issa
Tanimura, : Ph.B. Ll.B. of Toklo;
Tokio Commissioner ' Talks About
Powerful War Chemical.
LIMA, Peru, May 11. — The trans
port Constitution arrived at Callao to
night and will on Thursday land the
body of President (Candamo, which
will be taken to the Church of St.
Dominick, where it will He in state
until Saturday, when it will be re
moved to the Cathedral for burial. No
new Cabinet has yet been formed.
Burial of President Candamo.
.JTiouch Prominent in Society the Cul
prit Is Bound Over to
Court.
. CHICAGO, May 11.— Mrs. Laura Eb-
Ifrts. £S38 Vincennes avenue, well
known in social circles, heiress to the
Bradley estate and a member ot one
of Chicago'* wealthy families, was ar
raigned hefore Justice Caverly to-day
on a charge of robbing another woman
in -a State-street department store.
Frjends declare her trouble is due ab
solutely to affliction akin to klepto
mania. Waiving erar.'' -.tiun, ehe was
l.tld to Ihe Criminal Court in lionds of
$2500. Her brother. W. Miner, a
¦wealthy real estate man. signed her
bond and she was released.
. ilrs. Ebborts "has been long suspected
fcy private detectives who watch and
guard patrons of downtown stores and
has been under surveilance on numer
cnix „. ;aeions. Once before she was ar
rested, but because of the prominence
of her family connections she was al
lov.ed to go through the Police Court
under an assumed name, and upon a
I^lea of guilty of theft she was fined $5
and costs. Mrs. Ebberts is said to have
znkde a confession.
\\ KALTHY WOMAN IS ACCUSED
.V OF THIEVING IN CHICAGO
WASHINGTON, May 11.— In the case
of James N. Tvner and Harrison J.
Barrett, charged with conspiracy in
connection with their duties as law of
ficers of the Postofllce Department, the
testimony to-day was of a similar
character to that heretofore presented,
tending to show Barrett's connection
with the leniency alleged to have been
shown in certain bond investment com
panies by the department.
Hear Conspiracy Evidence.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 11.— General
Kuropatkin has telegraphed to . the
Emperor that a train loaded with war
material ; from Liaoyang has arrived
at Port Arthur.
The text of General Kuropatkin's
dispatch- follows: *<
"Reconnoissances between Salltszai
pudza and . Fengwangcheng failed to
discover Japanese troops.
"A. Japanese column of considerable
strength advanced from Fengwang
cheng May 8, in the direction of Hai
cheng. . ."
"Pulencheng station is occupied by
our frontier guards, and the damage
to the. railway by the Japanese as far
as Sanchillpu has been repaired. All
the work was carried . out under j the
supervision of^ Lieutenant Colonel
Splridonoff of the Fourth Railway.
Battalion. This gallant officer under
took to get through to . Port Arthur
with a train full of ammunition, which
had arrived at Liaoyang after the land
ing of the Japanese at Pitzewo. Every
preparation was made to blow up the
train in case of necessity, In order, to
prevent its falling into the hands of
the Japanese.
% "The task was carried out, and the.
self-sacriflceof the men of the Fourth
Railroad Battalion was crowned with
important success.
"Shortly after 4 o'clock in the after
noon the train arrived at Jinshau sta
tion MO miles from Port Arthur), where
it was handed over to General Jokoff,
who .immediately dispatched it .under
proper protection. to Port Arthur. Lieu
tenant Colonel Spiridonoff returned on
a locomotive.
. "After landing at Pitzewo the Japan
ese began marching toward Kinchaui
On the night of May 10 their forward
guard, -consisting of about- two regi
ments of infantry, passed the night on
the heights above Sanchllipu (on tht
railroad, , about sixty miles from" Port
Arthur).
"About thirty Japanese vessels are
lying /north of Cape Terminal on the
east coast of the Llaotung Peninsula
below Pitzewo."
Japan, Trade, Commissioner to Canada,
arrived on the Empress of Japan and
gives details of the new explosive used
by Japan, referred to in an Associated
Press dispatch from St. Petersburg.
He says it was invented by a Japanese
chemist and is apparently a develop
ment of lydite, -the basis being picric
acid. He declares it explodes, under
water, may be used In all weapons and
is not subject ito" Injury from damp
ness.- "Much of Japan's success in the
engagements , both . on land and sea,"
said Tanlmura in an interview here to
day, "is due to the superior. qualities
of the new-explosive which is now r be
ing used andwhlch,' combined with the
excellent marksmanship and discipline
of the j Japanese troops, has resulted
in victory on nearly, every occasion.
Since the. hostilities commenced we
have been manufacturing and. using
this new explosive exclusively. It. was
Invented by Profesor Shimose, chief
chemist of the .Imperial Government
University at: Tokio, Just a few months
before the • war . commenced. The dis
covery, has ;been kept very secret. ¦ After
exhaustive tests,' showing that this new
explosive, -which ! is known as Shimoses
powder, was \ equally adaptable for
rifles, artillery, or heavy guns, -as well
as.torpedoes and all kinds of submarine
contact ; mines its manufacture; was
commenced I In ; large quantities and has
been going' on night and day ever
since." . . ' - .\ : ; ;
Train Bearing Ammunition Escapes
Notice of the Japanese.
: '•¦" ST. PETERSBURG, May 11.— General
Sakarohoff sent a dispatch to the gen
eral staff_to-day communicating a re
port of General . Zassulitch,
dated May. 10, T as follows: . . ..
; "Troops which, appeared to, be a di
vision, of the Japanese guard have been
advancing for the last two days from
Fengwarigctieng westerly in the" direc
tion of Haicheng.
; "If is reported that a Japanese. force
consisting of. about: a division, of in
fantry intended to march on Saimadza
with forty guns and -fifteen .hundred
cavalry. v .
"From reports received from the river
Dazaw it : may be concluded that -,the
Japanese army. is concentrated in three
groups, the two southern .. groups be
ing j on the lower section of the river
Tayang at Hondouhanya, on the left
bank of the river at Dayan and at
Donamyo in the same locality, and the
northern group opposite Habalina on
the r road from Fengwangcheng to Sali
daza,.- fourteen to sixteen miles from
Fengwangcheng. . .
"It is difficult to obtain Information
from the local Chinese. In one case
we discovered, that the Chinese had
warned the Japanese troops of an am
buscade which had been arranged by
Cossacks." ., , .
CONNECTICUT FOR ROOSEVELT
WITH UNIT RULE ORDER
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. May 11. — The
administration of President Roosevelt
was indorsed at the Republican con
vention to-day and it recommended
the fourteen delegates to the National
Convention to vote as a unit for his
nomination. Charles F. Brooker of
Ansonla and John L. Robinson of
Hartford were elected delegates at
large to the National convention.
Johnnie Bryant Dies From Effects of
, Blows Given by Negro VT'-
Opponent.
YOUNG BOXER MEETS
DEATH IN PRIZE RING
FRESNO, May 12.— In a ten-round
preliminary before the Central Cal
ifornia Athletic Club here last night,
Johnnie Bryant was pounded into in
sensibility by Walter Robinson, a ne
gro of this city, and- received injuries
from which he died at the County
Hospital at 1 o'clock this (Thursday)
morning.
The fight ended in the ninth round.
Bryant was practically out the whole
of that round. He was floored six
times. His seconds had thrown the
sponge Into the ring when the- blow on
the Jaw that rendered Bryant uncon
scious was struck.
Robinson has been arrested.
Bryant's home is in Los Angeles.
For several months he has been con
nected with prize fight camps here
and in Bakersfleld.
The main event of the evening was
called off.
TOKIO. May 11, 7 p. m.— Details of
an attack by Russian Cossacks at An
ju, Korea, yesterday morning were re
ceived here to-day. ...
The | Russian • cavalry t numbered 200
men, and their attack was- spirited.
The Japanese garrison resisted stoutly
and succeeded in driving off the'enemy.
Later Japanese reinforcements arrived
from.Pingyang. •' .. .
. Indications point, to the. presence of
a Russian", force at Yongbyong, be
tween Anju and Unsan, but it . prob
ably" is small. ' '.' ¦ ~".
It is evident that these . Russian, cav
alrymen were sent south- for the pur
pose of - harassing the Japanese flanks
and lines, of communication. ..p -;
The Japanese report of , the fighting
at Anju does not give any losses.
-SEOUL. Korea, May 11.— The sudden
attack-on- the' Japanese garrison at
Anju by 200 Russians - confirms pre
vious, reports of the I presence of Rus
sian scouting parties behind the Japan
ese lines. : .:
The small Japanese garrison . at Anju
Indicates that the blow was not ex
pected.
TOKIO, May 12, 11 a. m. — Later de
tails ' of the Russian attack - on . Anju
last Tuesday state'that the fighting
lasted all-day. Japanese reinforcements
arrlved-from Pingyang at 1 o'clock in
the afternoon. The Russians retired
Wednesday morning . at the approach
of further -Japanese reinforcements
from ( Kosen.' The Japanese are pur
suing the Russians in the direction of
Kaichong.
-The Japanese casualties vat Anju
were fymr killed and six wounded. The
Russian- casualties , were above ; fifty.
A Russian prisoner said that the
Cossack raiders numbered -600.
Make Attack on Anju, but Are Driven
•< . ..'_'.! Off by Garrison.
COSSACKS, ARE REPULSED.
Maryland Names Delegates.
BALTIMORE, Md.. May 11.— The
Maryland State Republican Conven
tion met to-day. United States Sen
ator McComas. who was chairman, de
livered a lengthy speech In which he
strongly praised the administration of
President Roosevelt and severely ar
raigned the Democrats. The follow
ing delegates at large to the Chicago
National Convention were elected:
United States Senator McComaar, Gen
eral Felix Angus, William H. Jackson
and Stevenson A. Williams.
BEAR ATTACKS AND
' INJURES HIS PURSUERS
Two Men Attempt to Capture an Es
caped Animal and Both Have
Narrow Escape.
TACOMA, Wash.. May 11. — Arthur
Dye of Olympia was almost killed this
afternoon by a black bear, heretofore
a captive at Tumwater Park. Several
Wars escaped last night. Dye and
Night Watchman Nichols sought to
recapture them. One turned viciously,
pouncing upon Dye and chewing his
leg. also injuring his back and thigh.
Nichols was badly hurt while rescuing
Dye. The bear was driven off 'and
later was shot.
Illinois Names Cannon.
SPRINGFIELD. 111., May 11. — The
Republican State Centra! Committee
to-day voted to seat in. the temporary
organization of to-morrow's State con
vention the^Yates delegations from
Cumberland and Johnson counties.
The committee formally decided to
name Congressman Cannon for tem
porary chairman.
Colonel Bristol Dies.
.'• NEW YORK. May 11. — Colonel B.
B. Bristol, U. S. A., retired, is dead at
his home here. . He was born in .De
troit, Mich., in 1838, entered the army
under General Lewis Cass and after
the Civil War served la several In
dian campaigns.
Clement Polk Passes Away.
PETALUMA. May 11.— W. Clement
Polk, a, well-known traveling salesman
of San Francisco, died here to-day after
a lingering illness. The deceased was
the son* of Mrs. Josephine and the late
C. E. Polk, for years Assessor of Peta
luma. Polk was a native of Petaluma,
aged 25 years. The funeral will taka
place Thursday.
The suit of the Republic of Colom
bia against the Panama Canal Com
pany in connection with shares of
stock was further adjourned to-day.
The litigation is practically suspended
owing to the transfer of the canal to
the United States and the liquidation
of the canal company.
PARIS. May 11. — W. A. Day and
Charles W. Russell, assistants to the
Attorney General who came here from
Washington to assist in the transfer
uf the canal property, sailed to-day
from Cherbourg on the North German
Llyod steamship Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse, taking with them the deed for
the Panama canal and all the papers
connected with the transfer.
The Government has made M.
Phillippe Bunau - Varilla, first Min
ister of Panama to the United
States, an officer of the Legion of
Honor. President Loubet acted in this
matter on the request of Foreign Min
ister Delcasse and it is understood
that it Is expressive of the Govern
ment's approval of the winding up of
the Panama transfer and of M. Bu
nau-Varilla's services in that connec
tion.
BRING DEEDS FOR CANAIi
FROM FRENCH GOVERNMENT
Assistant Attorneys Sail From Cher
bourg With Valuable Documents
in Their Possession.
Japanese Infantry
to March oil
Saimadza.
NEW YORK, May 11.— By consent of
the plaintiffs the action against Mrs.
Theresa Alice Oelrichs and Mrs. Vir
ginia Vanderbilt, brought by Hannah
E. Nelso-n. mother of Mrs. Charles L.
Fair, was dismissed here to-day In the
Stale Supreme Court. A final judg
ment was rendered in favor of the de
' fendants. Mr. and Mrs. Charles L»
Fair were killed in an automobile ac
cident in France In 1902.
In a statement issued after the judg
ment had been entered the attorneys
for Mrs. Nelson and her family made
, it known that a settlement satisfactory
to both sides had been effected. They
announced also that by common con
sent of the persons interested the sum
paid in settlement would not be made
public. • - . •
. The action was begun in February,
}303. to set afide the settlement made
at San Francisco in August, 1902, be
tween Mrs. XelBon and her family and
Mrs. Oelrichs and Mrs. Vanderbilt, sis
ters of Charles L. Fair, relative to the
distribution of the estates of Mr. and
Mrs. Fair.
MRS. NELSON'S SHARE.
Under this settlement Mrs. Nelson
received 5125,000 and members of her
family who were plaintiffs with her in
the ar-tion received smaller sums, vary
'irijr according to their relationship from
51^.000 to $1609.
•'hsrJes L. Fair left an estate valued
at about 53.000.0'V) and it was main
tained by the Nelsons that he died be
fore his wife, to whom he had willed
his entire estate in case she survived
him. The plaintiffs alleged that they
had been induced by fraud and mis
representations on the part of the de
fendants to accept the sum paid them
and that they did not learn until after- •
vard that Mr. Fair died first.
Mrs. Oelrirhs and Mrs. Vanderbilt
maintained that Fair had survived his
•vv'fe and that under the provisions of
his vtH the property became theirs.
Dunnjr the rourse of the action sev
eral commissions were appointed and
¦testimony was taken at the scene of
the accident in France, in this city and
Jn.San Francisco. Much of this tes
timony was conflicting.
- WTTXKSSKS A1UZ ARRESTED.
Two French witnesses, Lucien Mas
end Alfred J. Morranne. testified in this
• city that they saw the accident and
that Mr. Fair was instantly killed,
v&fle Mrs. Fair lived several minutes.
These witnepses were arrested on their
return to Paris b«»cause of their tes
timony, and on a charge of perjury
•were convicted and sentenced to three
years' imprisonment.
•In their statement the attorneys for
Jlrs. Nelson say they were moved to
agree to a *miement by the conflict-
Ing nature of the evidence in th*» case,
the great expense of the litigation and
•fey the fact that Mrs. Nelson is ad
vanced in yeare and desired to be re-
U*\ed of the strain of further fighting
the case. •*
In accounting for th* willingness of
the defendants to r^ach a settlement
lhp plaintiffs' attorneys say in part
.. "The technical allegation of fraud in
the complaint was extremely distaste
ful to Mrs. Oelrichs and Mr*. Vander
bilt. Neither of them had taken any
rerconal part in arranging the details
f'f the San Francisco settlement and
. both had presumed that everything
Had be*>n don* properly and to the sat
isfaction of every one concerned."
The trials of Dr. Dominador Gomex
and Buenaventura Kalbaza have re
sulted in their acquittal. Dominador
Gomez, a former Spanish officer and
ex-president of the Union Obrero, oth
erwise known as the Democratic Labor
Union, was arrested in September last
upon the charges of rebellion and insur
rection for inciting ladrone leaders In
the province of Luzon to take up arms
against the authority of the United
States.
Buenaventura Kalbaza, president of
the Nationalist party, was arrested at
the same time as Gomez and held to
answer on similar charges of rebellion
and insurrection against the authority
of the United States.
Lieutenant Woodruff was born in In
diana and entered the service from the
State of New York.
Lieutenant Hall was born in Ala
bama, and was promoted to his lieu
tenancy from the ranks.
MANILA, May '11.— Lieutenant Win
field Harper and thirty-nine men of
Company F, Seventeenth United States
Infantry, were caught on May 8 in an
ambush by several hundred Moros. Two
American officers and fifteen men were
killed and five men were wounded. The
ambush occurred at Simpatem, on the
east shore of Lake Liguasan, island of
Mindanao.
The officers killed in the ambush were
First Lieutenant Harry A. Woodruff
and Second Lieutenant Joseph H. Hall,
both of the Seventeenth Infantry.
LOS ANGELES. May 11.— A train on
the Pacific Electric Railroad, bound
from Lc-3 Angeles to Whittler. crashed
into a Santa Fe passenger train from
San Diego at Los Xietos crossing, ten
miles from this city, shortly after 6
o'clock this evening. Fourteen persons
were injured, four on the Santa Fe
train and ten on the electric car.
The names of the injured fallow.
Passengers on the Santa Fe train:
W. E. PLUMMER, Los Angeles, in
jured internally, seriously.
G. E. LIVINDALE, Los Angeles,
head cut, not seriously.
L. C. SCHALK, Los Angeles, head
cut, not seriously.
J. S.FADDEN, Los Angeles, not ser
ious. • - - -
. Passengers .on the electric car:
MRS. A. L. JORDAN, Whittier, in
ternal injuries, serious.
MRS. JOHN WOOD, East Whittier,
internal injuries, serious.
JOHN MARTIN. Whittier, head cut,
not serious. •
W. H. HODGIX, Whittier, head badly
cut.
MRS. JAMES OATS, Whittier. head
a*nd face cut.
JOHN PITZER, Whittier. scalp
wound.
ED RAYNOR, Whittier. head and
face cut.
MRS. GEORGE WEINSHANK,
Whittier, cut by glass.
MRS. J. J. BEEBE, Whittier, not
serious.
MRS. F. B. FARQUHAR. Whittier,
not serious.
The Santa Fe train was late and
was running at a high speed. The elec
tric train approached the crossing,
which is at right angles to the Santa
Fe tracks, at full speed, probably thir
ty miles an hour. When within a
reasonable distance the motorman, as
he declares, applied the air brake, but
it refused to work. Nothing then" could
stop th« train and It dashed against
the side of the Santa Fe smoker. The
impact broke the Santa. Fe train in
two, crushed in the side of the smoker
and tore away the platform of the day
coach. The smoker and the day coach
were derailed. The. motorman stuck
to his post and was uninjured. It is
not thought any of the injured will die,
though several are very seriously hurt.
TACOMA, Wash., May 11.— Albert E.
Mead of Whatcom was nominated for
Governor to-day by . the Republican
State Convention. The contest was a
"bitter one and resulted in a complete
victory for the Hill forces.
A feature of the convention was the
repudiation of Governor McBride and
his platform plank favoring the crea
tion by the next Legislature of a rail
road commission. The railroad forces
dominated by the Hill interests were
in complete control, and late this after
noon, after a vthree • hours' J fight, they
defeated McBride's railroad ¦ commis
sion plank by, a vote of 406 -out of 660
delegates. ; . ' . / •
...The platform instructs the delegation
toHhe national convention to support
Roosevelt. It indorses the administra
tions of McKinley and. Roosevelt, fa
vors protective tariff and indorses the
administration's Panama policy and
national irrigation projects. The plat
form contains this plank on currency:
"Our monetary system is now on
such a stable basis that men look back
in wonder and amazement when they
recall the wild vagaries and the still
wilder Democratic theories of 1S96."
By yesterday's decision to renom
inate the present Congressmen the pol
iticians were eliminated from the State
convention. A fierce Senatorial con
test Is now in progress between Sena
tor Foster of Tacoma and S. H. Piles
of Seattle. Piles' supporters last night
considered a proposition to. combine
with Governor McBride. To prevent
this and to insure the nomination of
the slate made up this morning, the
railroad leaders last night sent to Se
attle hurriedly for John D. Farrell. as
sistant to President Hill of the Great
Northern and his personal representa
tive in this State. Farrell forced the
nomination of Mead for Governor and
completed the slate, -which went
through with a rush late this afternoon.
The convention adjourned after com
pleting the following ticket:
For Congress— "Will E. Humphrey of
King; Wesley L. Jones of Yakima and
Francis W. Cushman of Pierce.
Governor— Albert E. Mead of What
com. . •
Lieutenant Governor — Charles M.
Coon of Jefferson.
Secretary of State — Samuel H. Nich
ols of Snohomish.
State Treasurer— George G. Mills of
Kitsap.
Attorney General — John D. Atkinson
of Chelan..
Land Commissioner— E. W. Ross of
Cowlltz. - -
Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion—R. B. Bryan of Chehalls.
Justices of the Supreme Court —
Marka Fullerton of Whitman and
Frank H. Rudkln of Yakima.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Krs. Oelrichs and Mrs. Vanderbilt
., Preferred to Keep the Case From
Coming to Another Trial.
Two Union Labor Suspects Acquitted
of Charges of Insurrection in
Province of Luzon.
Governor McBride Overwhelmingly
Defeated on Measure to Estab
lish Railroad Commission.
Impact of Swift Running Motor De
fails Two Coaches but No
One Is Killed.
' Private.
Amount Paid Is Kept Secret
as tlie Figures Are
Ambush Catches Fifteen Men
in Fatal Trap Near
Simpatem.
Passengers Have Miracu
lous Escape From Deatb
Near Los Angeles.
Is Law.
Intrepid Magnate. Dictates
Policy and His Word
Mrs. Charles Fair's
' Mother Settles
With Heirs.
Electric Car Crashes
Into a Santa Fe
Train.
Lieutenants Wood
ruff and Hall Killed
in Battle.
Mead Named to Lead
Republicans of
Washington,
WITHDRAWS
ACTION FOR
HER SHARE
AMERICANS
SHOT DOWN
BY MOROS
BILL'S MEM
DOMINATE
CONVENTION
FOURTEEN
HURT IN A
COLLISION
SHANGHAI, May i i . — It is reported from Peking [that the Japanese on Monday occupied -Kaiping, sixteen miles
below Tashichao, and that they expected to occupy, Newchwahg on Friday.
MIKADO'S FORCES EXPECT TO OCCUPY NEWCHWANG ON FRIDAY
TBS ; THSATDS3.
Aleuar — "The Two Schools."
Matinee To-Day.
Calif oral*— "Our New Minister."
Central — "The Three Mas
fceteers."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Sobers Brothers in
London."
Grand — "Cleopatra."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Bay.
Mechanic** Pavilion — Industrial
Exposition.
Tivoll — "A Runaway Girl."
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY;- MAY 12, 1904.
PRICE FIVE- CENTS.
The San Francisco Call'TEW YORK. May 11.— The Cotton Exchange
decided to-day to make May 28, the Saturday
preceding Decoration day, a holiday.
TOKIO, May 11, 4 p. m.— At a Cab
inet meeting yesterday it was decided
to float another popular loan of $50,
000,000 at 95, redeemable in five years,'
with interest at 5 per cent, payment
to be in ten installments, commencing
in June next. An. imperial ordinance
providing for the loan; will be issued
about May 20. Should the loan be
over subscribed an equal, distribution
will be made among the applicants,
instead of giving preference to small
subscribers, as was done in the case
of the last loan. . ; • r< .
Smaller Applications Will ,Xot .Have
Consideration if. Others Offer
to Take Amount. T . •:
JAPAX WANTS LARGE LOAN
" FOR PERIOD OF FIVE YEAKS
•The reports of fighting at Liaoyang
ha^ not, been confirmed. There is a
probability', that It was merely a brush
with brigands.
Haicheng ; Is being reinforced with
troops from Liaoyang.
It is reported here that the Japanese
are creeping closer to Port Arthur.
It Is Delleevd that the First Japanese
Army Corps is still at Fengwangcheng.
Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Schuyler,
U. S. A., will go forward to-morrow to
join the Russian forces.
SHANHAIKWAN. May 11, 7:20 p. m.
The Russian troops are lingering ln
the vicinity of Newchwa— and some
of them jare returning to the city. The
Russian artillery, is ready for instant
transportation." ....
Russians Are Lingering, but Have Ar
tillery ' Prepared to Transport.
READY TO LEAVE NEWCHWANG.
The. Hearst 'people, then took posses
sion and held -their rump caucuses.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 11.— The
delegates to the Democratic State Con
vention caucuses met to-night and se
lected district delegates to the national
convention." Admission to the caucus
was by tickets distributed by the dis
trict chairman. As a result of this
policy of the 'State organization, the
Hearst people have started a movement
to bolt the convention to-morrow and
hold a rump convention that : .will send
a-- complete set of Hearst delegates to
the national convention.
Rump caucuses, were held to-night
for the Second and Tenth districts im
mediately following the regular cau
cuses, as it was reported late to-night
that the Hearst delegates from other
districts had taken like action and
Will to-morrow present to the conven
tion' a~ full slate of delegates and con
vention officers. .
The scenes attending several of the
caucuses were extremely .riotous.. In
flamed . with the bitterness of intense
partisanship men fought, raved, and
curBed like mad men. This was espe
cially true at the Tenth District cau
cus. Hearst delegates who did not
have tickets f attempted to force their
way into the halls where the meetings
were held. ¦
;In a few Instances they were success
ful. A sufficient number of Hearst
people gained ~ admission to both the
Tenth and Second district caucuses to
start and maintain a pandemonium as
sOon as the Parker people opened pro
ceedings. Regular and orderly trans
action of the business at hand was ut
terly out of the question.- Parker, men
were put in as chairmen and- then
the ¦ Parker slates r of delegates and
convention officers were read. No one
heard the names read, and the votes
taken were mockeries of parliament
ary proceedings. ¦ :. • •
Appearances Indicated • that -the
Parker people were, in the I majority,
and on that showing the district or
ganizations declared the Parker slate
selected and so reported to State head
quarters. - . ' f
Indiana Democrats Hold
Caucuses, but Proceedings
¦/ Terminate in Excitement
HEARST MEN
ARE RIOTOUS
JAPANESE OFF POSSIET.
Boat Appeal's in the Roadstead and
Suspicious Lights Are Seen.
POSSIET, Siberia, May 11.— A Japan
ese ' boat made its appearance ln the
roadstead two days ago and suspicious
lights have been seen. Everything Is
quiet here, but all is in readiness to
meet any landing of the enemy, whose
probable purpose is the cutting off of
Vladivostok.
VLADIVOSTOK, May 11. — All is
quiet here.
The enemy has not been sighted.
The commander of the defenses has
left Vladivostok after carefully review-
Ing the troops and Inspecting the forti
fications.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 11.— The
report that the Russian squadron at
Port Arthur was destroyed to. prevent
its falling into the hands of the en
emy is scouted at the Admiralty.
"We are not going to repeat the mis
take made at Sebastopol," said Vice
Admiral Rojestvensky, commander I of
the Baltic fleet. "If the worst comes
to the worst, the squadron will put to
sea, engage the enemy ,and inflict as
much damage as possible before Koinsc '
to the bottom. But you can say that
it' Is a little early yet to talk of ' such
desperation."
..The general staff is positive that
there has been no fight at Maotien
ling Pass," for the simple reason that
the Russians do not occupy it. Only
a few scouts were left there. Accord
ing to their reparts, the Japanese
forces at Fengwangcheng were divi
ded into two ln the advance, one part
moving forward toward Liaoyang and
the other marching toward Haicheng.
Both Liaoyang and Newchwang are
six days' march from Fengwangcheng.
Therefore, they argue, a fight of im
portance Is impossible for at least two
days. . '
The general staff is without infor
mation regarding the reported death
of Lieutenant-General Zassalitch, • de
claring that it is not credible. The
possibility of a small engagement at
Wafungtien is admitted, although no
information has been received. But
if an engagement has occurred there
they insist it could not have been of
importance, as the garrison is small.
The Russian force at Newchwang is
withdrawing, but the place was ; still
held according to the last advices.
When the evacuation is completed, in
order to protect the foreign inhabitant;;
against brigands, China will be Invited
probably ' to send regular troops - to
Newchwang. It is explained that the
situation at Newchwang is anomalous.
Primarily the civil administration of a
city whose country is being invaded
remains in possession until the enemy
appears, but in this case Russia Is only,
administering it provisionally, China
being the real owner. /¦'''¦ ¦
The information which has been re
ceived at the Foreign Office from M.
Plancon, secretary to Viceroy Alexleff,
who has a diplomatic agent at'New
chwang, Is not of an alarming,charac
ter, and the statement that 3000 Chinese
bandits are across the river waiting to
swoop on Newchwang the moment the
Russians depart is not credited.
In this connection it can be positively
stated that the advices at the Foreign
Office from China . are reassuring. It
Is believed that the restraint which is
being exercised at Peking by* all the
powers Is having effect. There. Is rea
son to believe that the Russians In
tend to hold the stations and railroad
between Port Arthur and Liaoyang and
probably Kaiping and that the latter
place will be put in a state to stand a
siege, the idea being that if it can hold
out for three months it will make the
relief of Port- Arthur much easler> r hen
General Kuropatkin Is ready to as
sume the offensive. Possibly the New r
cliwang garrison ' will be sent to Kal-
Russians Do Not Believe Port Arthur
Fleet Is Scuttled.
THINK SQUADRON IS SAFE.
Brazilian Troops Retreat
After Losing Many Men
Xear Town of Santa Eosa
SHANGHAI. May 11. evening. —
There was a riot at Chin Kiang to
day. The mob burned the quarters of
the new police force. Several persons
were killed or wounded.
RIO JANEIRO, Brazil, May It.—
News has been received of another
battle in Upper Purua Valley. Colonel
Arujo, who started from Chandless
with two hundred and twenty men, at
tacked the Peruvians at Santa Rosa.
The fight lasted twenty-four hours;
finally Colonel Arujo had to withdraw
after losing many killed and wounded.
Colonel Arujo says the battle was
fought under unfavorable conditions.
It is announced that negotiations are
continuing with favorable indications.
Baron de Rio Branco, Minister erf For
eign Affairs, declared that Brazil 13
disposed to submit the matter to arbi
tration if it could not be settled by di
rect negotiations, but that it is neces
sary, that Peru should . specify her
claims. Meanwhile military and naval
preparations continue. It Is under
stood that the war vessels Deodoro,
Fonseca, Tiradentea. Tambira and Ta
mayo, will go to Manaos.
It is learned that the conference be
tween the Peruvian Minister. Senor Ve
larde, and Baron de Rio Branco was
very cordial. Senor Velarde ! proposed
ln the name of his Government the
neutralization of the territory in Up
per Jurua and Upper Purus. Baron
de Rio Branco said Brazil would al
low the policy announced In the recent
message of the President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GOVERNMENT AVILIi DROP
VICKSBURG INCIDENT
WASHINGTON, May 11.— The State
Department has concluded not to make
an official protest to the Russian Gov
ernment against the latest utterances
of M. Pavloff. late Russian Minister
to Korea, relative to the conduct of the
officers of the United States ship Vicks
burg In reference to the succoring of
the survivors of the Variag and Ko
rietz. Naval officers here have shown
considerable feeling over the criticisms
as affecting the honor of the United
States navy and are desirous of having
an inquiry made as to why these state
ments were given publication in the
Official Messenger, thus stamping them
as official. The State Department offi
cials, however, are disposed to ignore
the incident, one of them explaining
that M. Pavloff 's utterances are, in a
measure, pardonable, ln view of the
humiliations which he has suffered in
being expelled from Korea. Making
due allowances for his state of mind,
according to the State Department offi
cials, the department will not notice
the matter.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OCEAN SEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 11— Stmr Rot
tenlam from Rotterdam: stmr Roma, from
Naples: stmr Lljrurla, from Genoa: stmr
Friederich der Grosse, from Bremen; stmr
Anchorla, from Glasgow and Movllle.
Sailed May 11— Stmr Teutonic, . tor Liver
pool. ... ; . • -
NAPLES— Sailed -May 10— Stmr Prlnzesaka.
for New York.
Sailed May 11— Stmr -Canovlc. for Bo*ton,
via Pontn. Delgada.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived May 11 — Strar
Helllmlva. from New York.
• LIVERPOOL-'-Arrived May 11 — Stmr Oce
anic, from New York.
Sailed May 11— Stmr Majestic, for New
York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 11— Stmr
Haverford. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool,
and proceeded
Sailed May 11 — Stmr Saxonla, from Liver
pool, for Boston.
CHR1ST1NIA— Sailed May 6— Strar United
States, for X*w York.
GLASGOW — Arrived May 11 — Stmr Tomer
arttan, from Boston.
LONDOV — Sailed May 11 — Stmr Oxonian,
for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 11— Stmr
KatFer AVllhelm d>r Groase, from Bremen, for
Xew York, via Cherbourg.
HONGKONG — Sailed May 11— Stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver,
BATTLE OF THE YALU.
Official Report of the Casualties Is
Received. From Antung. .
ANTUNG, May 6, via Seoul, May 11.—
An official report of the casualties at
the battle of the Yalu shows a list of
thirty-one Japanese officers killed and
twenty-nine wounded; 160 men killed
and 666 wounded. On the Russian side
1362 were found dead on the field, 475
wounded are In Japanese hospitals and
138 men were taken prisoners.
Moat of the Russians who surren- }
dered at Hamatan, west of Chiulien- !
cherig,' where the Japanese charged the j
Russian rear guard, were wounded.
The Russian soldiers who have since?
died in hospital are burled on a hilltop ;
near Antung and were followed to the i
grave by a Japanese guard of honor !
and the staff officers. A Danish Lu- ;
theran missionary, the only foreigner ;
living at Antung, read the funeral serv- j
ices over the remains.
The captured Russian munitions of i
war being brought into Antung ln- j
elude twenty field pieces, ten machine!
guns, \ much small arm ammunition, j
twenty transport wagons, two ambu- ;
lances and band Instruments, the lat- I
ter.being perforated with bullets. Most
of these thing? .were abandoned ln the!
precipitate^fHght'-ot the-Russian trooos. ;
JAPAN IS APPREHENSIVE.
Fears for the Safety of Her Sailors
Captured at Port Arthur.
WASHINGTON. May 11.— The Jap
anese Government is apprehensive as
to the Japanese sailors who were re
ported missing or captured ars a re
sult of Admiral Togo's last attack up
on Port Arthur in an attempt to close
the harbor. There were forty of these
men, whom the torpedo boats could not
pick up, and the Japanese Government
is anxious that any of them who were
luck", enough to escape drowning and
reach shore, shall be properly taken
care of by the Russians. Minister
Takahira to-day requested Secretary
Hay, as the custodian of Japanese In
terests during the war, to apply to
the Russian Government for informa
tion on this point. Secretary Hay
promptly cabled the request to Em
bassador McCormlck, at St. Peters
burg.
WANTS BETTER XAVAIi FORCE
FOR GREAT GEIIMAX E3IPIKE
Appeal Is Made in Reichstag for Im
provements to Meet Future * *
Conditions.
BERLIN, May 11. — Upon the third
reading of the naval budget in the
Reichstag to-day Baron von Kardorff
(Agrarian) asked Secretary of the Ad
miralty von Tirpltz why the German
naval authorities had done -nothing in
the direction of building submarine
boats, while all the other navies were
experimenting with them. ".
"The Russo-Japanese war," he said,
"must warn us that our navy is far
from what Germany must demand of
its navy. Our navy must be made
much stronger." .
Von Kardorff further said that the
British navy was growing dangerous
for Germany.
Building Forts at Motion Pass.
LONDON, May 12.— The ; Morning
Post's. Shanghai correspondent says
the Russians are building forts at Mo
tlen Pass and extensive intrenchments
outside Llaoyang. The Japanese Min
ister at Peking has complained of Rus
sian alleged repeated invasions of Chi
nese territory, and has asked that
China- take prompt measures to coun
teract them. Prince Chlng, president
of the Chinese Foreign Office, has
promised to submit the matter to the
throne. '
Not Building Vessels for Japan,
NEWPORT NEWS, Va,, ' May 11.—
Superintendent Walter A. Post of the
Newport News Shipbuilding, and Dry
Dock Company, to-day „ emphatically
denied that the local shipyard was en-'
gaged in building, submarine or other
craft for. the Japanese Government,
either directly or, indirectly.
N«w Orleans Ordered to Chefu.
SHANGHAI, May 11.— The United
States cruiser New Orleans, Rear "Ad
miral YateV Stirling on board, is mak
ing hurried preparations to leave here
to-morrow for Chefu. The reason for.
her departure has not been -announced
here. ' ¦> ¦
FIERCE BATTLE
WITH PERUVIANS
¦ LONDON, May 11.— A dispatch to
the Central News from Seoul an-
. nounces that the Korean Cabinet re
ei&n**d . in a body to-day as a conse
,(juenc« of the Emperor having sharp
ly censured his Ministers for neglect
of. their duties. - -,
Korean Cabinet Resign".
Father TcJj£rba<-koffs»ky. . Who Ix?d
Charge at Yalu. Tells Story.
• LIAt»VAN.q, May 11.— Among the 1
wounded from the battle of the Yalu
who arrived here to-day was Father
Stephen Tcherbackoffsky. the priest
v.ho lod'thf' charge of the Eleventh
Ilegriment a.t the battle of Kiuliencheng.
Father Stephen- said:
."On the morn\ng of the 1st of May I
arose at 3 o'clock, knowing that there
would be a terrible battle, and 1 was
determined to do my duty and to show
an example by my death. At 4 o'clock
1 prayed, then laid down my Bible and
etood with the company. As the com-
jjany moved forward to the charge I
blessed the soldiers and went in front
cf the liag with my cross in my hand,
standing by the side of my assistant,
Joseph Perch. Bullets were tlying all
around us. .
"I never felt my first wound. The
. second bullet struck my shoulder and
1 ..fell, losing consciousness. When I
' opened, iny eyes. I found my assistant
beniing over me with a smile on his
face. Seeing that I was alive, he
clutched rcy hand and then took me
off the field of battle." "
A train is leaving here carrying 175
cf the wounded from Kiuliencheng to
.Mukden.
A Japanese guardsman who was
wounded in the stomach and was taken
prisoner April 30, when the Russians
drove his comrades from their posi
tion, gays that typhus is rampant
;imong the Japanese troops. He praises
the Idndness of the Russians to 'him
and denies the reports that in order to
avoid being taken prisoners the Jap
. anese dash their heads against the
ground." He saye that behind General
Kuroki are other troop? the number
of which he does not know.
According to artillery officers the
.movements of the enemy's heavy guns
"will be extremely difficult -on account
of the condition of the roads. '
A panic occurred on the last train
•out nf Port Arthur immediately after
. the landing of the Japanese at Pitzewo.
The Japanese fired upon the train at
midday and the ladies and civilians
Ftrrtched themselves on the floor. A
jf mall detachment of Cossacks beside
the railroad returned the Japanese fire
and drove the enemy back. They then
retired.
' ' - — '—. — ?¦ — ¦
BRAVE PRIEST. RECOVERING.
CHEFU. May 12, 11:30 p.. m.— The of
ficers of steamers arriving from New
chwang discredit the stbry of the de
struvtion-by the Russians of their fleet
at P'jrt Arthur. :When the officers
passed Port Arthur last night (Wednes
day) they saw searchlights . flashing
from the ships and' forts. There were
no signs of the Japanese -fleet in the
vicinity. The officers further stated
that there w^re not to exdeed 1000 Rus-
Fian BOldien at Newchwang "and vicin
ity. There are only six light field guns
in the forts, all the big guns having
been taken to Laaoyang. The opinion
prevailed -'at Newchwang that Russia
intends restoring Ncwchwang, also the
district eastward to Tasichlao. the
junction of? r the railway, to China.
Colonel Munthe. military adviser to
Yuan £hai Kai. Viceroy of the province
cf ChiFi, is now at Newchwang ready
to take over the district. The Russian
troops, it is understood, will remain
until, the Chinese troops arrive. ..This
i*= to prevent looting by brigands. : .
Thd conduct of the Russian troops at
Port Ar'hur is. said to have been ex
cellent throughout.
CHEFU. May 11," 5 a, ra.— An unof
ficial Japanese dispatch has-been re
ceived here to the effect that the Rus
sians have destroyed their fleet at Port
Arthur. v
Besides acting-energetically in South
ern Manchuria^ and. moving on Hai
cheng, General Kuroki kept in mind
the necessity of outflanking General
Kuropatkin at Laioyang, as is shown
ln the fact that on the morning of May
10 he started a formidable force, con
sisting of a division of lnfajitjry and
forty guns \ and 1500 cavalry, toward
Saimadza.
In view of General Kuropatkin's
statement that an examination May 10
of the line between Saimadza and Feng
wangcheng failed to show the presence
of Japanese, the authorities are puz
zled as to Where the Japanese forces
came from.
A Japanese detachment is reported
officially to have occupied Kwantein
sien May 6, but it Is believed likely to
be a small scouting party belonging to
General Kurokl's army. *
The Associated Press has received
the following assurances from a mem
ber of the general staff:
"There are ample supplies of muni
tions of war at Port Arthur, but nat
urally General Kurbpatkln desired to
send as much as possible to the fort
ress. During the expected siege great
quantities of shells and explosives will
be fired, and we cannot afford to per
mit the reproach of the defenders that
they could not hold Port Arthur be
cause of a lack of powder and shell.
But, I assure you, there are enough
supplies there for a year.
"With such a large force of the en
emy before Port Arthur, It is well un
derstood here that it is a question of
days, perhaps hours, before communi
cation is again cut off."
ST. PETERSBURG, May 12, 3:35" a.*
m. — Impending events of grave impor
tance to the military situation In Man
churia are foreshadowed .' in official
dispatches given out last, night by the
War Commission. -
On May 8 the Japanese' force cau
tiously moved from Fengwangcheng
toward Haichene, which is thirty-two
miles east by nortfc of Newchwang,
and it is the opinion of the gen
eral staff that they Should certainly
reach their destination within two'
days. If the Japanese occupy
Haicheng, with^. Port Arthur effect
ively cut off, Newchwang; which the
Russians have already dismantled,
would pass into their hands. The en
tire Liaotung peninsula, in' fact, save
Port Arthur and : perhaps Kaiping,
would be commanded by them.'
The troops sent by General Kurokl
to the southwest of Fengwangcheng,
which troops, it is established, do not
belong to a third army, none having
fended at Takushan, crossed the Tay
ang River May, 7 and should by this
time be operating In the Liaotung pe
ninsula, provided, they continued, as is
regarded probable/ the plan being to
complete the mastery of Southern Man
churia. . *
"A sotnia of Cossacks on the morning
of May 7 approached within nine miles
of Luanmiao and became engaged in
a fusillade with a Japanese company.
The latter soon received reinforce
ments, our sotnia finding itself op
posed to a Japanese battalion and
half a squadron of cavalry.
"Meanwhile Japanese infantry effect
ed a crossing of^the river by turning
to the left of the' sotnia.
"Commander Saraieff withdrew his
men. But before arriving within six
miles of Sedzekhoge he encountered
the enemy's cavalry, which retreated
under <jur* fire.
','We sustained .no losses in either en
counter. The Japanese seemed to have
lost an officer and a soldier." -
ST. PETERSBURG, May/ 11.— The
General Staff has received' the follow
ing dispatch .from General Karevltch
bearing to-day's date: "According to
reports from the region of the Tay
a'nhe (Tayang) River, sent on the
evening of May 8, the Japanese had
not yet occupied Taku Shan,
Grand Duke Mlphael, the , heir pre-
Bumptive to the ' Russian throne,
inarched with one of the foot guard
regiments, In which he is a lieutenant.
The very earth seemed to tremble
under the thunder of the h«rses f hoofs.
On they came, at such a mad pace that
it seemed as if they must carry down
all before them. Instinctively those In
the boxes drew back, but scarcely five
paces beyond .the Emperor, Grand
Duke Vladimir threw up his sword and
the line stopped dead, many horses
being thrown upon their haunches, but
not a man or beast went down. A
great burst of applause came from the
spectators. Then, in accordance with
the, custom, the' commanding officers
moved up to' hear the Emperor's criti
cism, and at the same time the senior
non-commissioned officers of each de
tachment of troops repaired to the im
perjal .pavilion to pay his respects to
the" Empress. She rewarded the non
commissioned, officers by directing the
distribution of three rubles to each and
one ruble to each man participating in
the review." - "' '
The review concluded with a charge
of 10.000 cavalry at full speed across the
plain. With a front half a mile wide
the magnificent horsemen, in strange
and multi-colored uniforms and with
flags and pennants streaming, shot for
ward as if one man at the command of
the Grand Duke Vladimir, who is com r
mander in chief of all the guard regi
ments.
REWARDS THE OFFICERS.
The Emperor watched each detach
ment keenly, a bugler by his side
sounding the Imperial commands.
When his Majesty signified his ap
proval of a particularly smart body of
troops, with one voice the soldiers
ehouted "We are glad to do the best
we can for your Majesty."
Almost in front of the Imperial pav
ilion a wheel horse of one of the bat
teries fell. . His Majesty instantly com
manded a halt, personally riding out
to ascertain the cause of the acci
dent.
It was a proud military array, though
perhaps the effect was more medieval
than modern. ... .»
On the appearance of the Emperor
the standards were lifted, the bands
burst forth and tens of thousands of
throats roared a welcome. Like a
shuttle the cortege passed back and
forth as the Emperor inspected the
various regiments. "Good day, my
children," was his universal greeting.
"Good health, your Imperial Majes
ty," was the unfailing response. "When
the inspection was completed the
bands were massed opposite the Im
perial pavilion. The Empress took heF
place with her suite and moved some
distance to the right. Out in front,
alone, save for a bugler and the guards
in bright crimson, the Emperor sat
on his charger like a statue. He looked
strong and well. Then the defile of
splendid battalions began, the bands
playing regimental airs throughout the
review.
ST. PETERSBURG, . May 11.— There
were scenes' of martial splendor on the
Champs de Mars to-day when Emperor
Nicholas held his annual review of the
detachments of -all troops in the. mili
tary district at Petersburg, which
Includes every regiment of the Imperial
Guard.* The foreign military, attaches
scrutinized withi much more than or
dinary care the defile of crack regi
ments of the empire, which is now bat
tling to maintain its position in the
Far East, and the general verdict was
that no better body of soldiery could be
seen in Europe.
The field on which the review was
held presented a striking picture.
Drawn up on the vast plain were 40,-
Q00 of the finest troops in the empire
arrayed in brilliant uniforms.
Preceded by the generals in lamb
skin caps and followed by an imposing
entourage which included the military
attaches, among whom were Captain
B. T. Mctt and Major McComl>, repre
senting the United States the imperial
cortege moved through the summer
garden to the plain. The Empress and
the Emperor's mother rode in an open
state carriage, with Cossack footmen,
and drawn by six white stallions. The
Emperor was mounted on a coal-black
charger and wore the dark green uni
form of a colonel of foot guards with
the blue sash of the Order of Standrew
across his breast, his being by far the
most modest uniform in the imperial
procession.
EMPEROR IS CHEERED.
"General Kuropatkin is one of the
greatest soldiers. and strategists in Eu
rope. The movement which is now go
ing on is merely one of disposition of
forces. I dp not believe he approved of
the giving of battle at the Yalu River.
The policy I think he approves of is
merely to harass the enemy. until we
are ready to make a demonstration
which will be effective. In a short time
the force under Kuropatkin will be
greatly increased. Before July he will
have an army of between 450,000 and
500,000 men. Then he will be ready to
move. .
"The introduction of Chinese troops
into. Manchurian territory which has
been evacuated by Russian troops in
their withdrawal for the purpose of
strengthening their forces would have
the tendency to defeat the very purpose
of the note of Secretary Hay, in which
he sought the assistance of all the pow
ers to the principle that China should
remain neutral."
He replied: "It would seem to be
based on an assumption because the
Russian troops are falling back that
they are through with Manchuria and
that hostilities there are ended. It is
erroneous to. suppose this is a perma
nent withdrawal.
"What do you thinkof the suggestion
that Chinese troops be encouraged to
move into Manchuria and take posses
sion as. the Russian troops move out?"
Count 'Cassini was asked.
"WASHINGTON, May 11.— Count Cas
slni, Russian Embassador, to-day gave
an interview for The Call on several
matters of importance growing: but .of
the progress of the war In the Far
East.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
ipating in Display.
Empress. Presents One Ru
ble to Each Soldier Partic-^
Says It Is Probable ThaJ;
Port Arthur Will Again
Be Cut Off.
Says the Little Brown Men
, Lost One Officer and
: a Soldier. .
Does Not Favor Suggestion
That Chinese Troops Oc
cupy the Territory.
Seamen- Arriving at Chefu
. Say There Is. No. Founda
tion for Report.
Xo Credence Given to Story
That the Muscovites De
stroved Their Fleet.
Says Withdrawal of Rus ?
sians From Manchuria Is
Only, Temporary.
Russian Officer Expects Im
portant Developments in
Scenes of Martial- Splendor
Are Presented at St.
• - Petersburg.. v T /
General Karevitcli Sends
Details of k. Fight Near
Liianmiao.
RUSSIAN SHIPS
ARE STILL AT
PORT ARTHUR
CZAR REVIEWS
CRACK TROOPS
OF HIS EMPIRE
COUNT CASSINI
EXPRESSES HIS
VIEWS OF WAR
REPORTS BRIEF
SKIRMISH WITH
THE JAPANESE
GIVES OUTLINE
OF SITUATION
IN MANCHURIA
EMPEROR REVEWS HIS TROOPS AT ST. PETERSBURG
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1904.
LONDON.. May 12.— The £>ai I y Mail's
correspondent at the Japanese head
quarters In describing the battle on
the Yalu testifies that, the Russian po
sition there. If properly held,. ought to
have been impregnable, even- with : the
sacrifice of 10,000- men. -He .continues:
"The Japanese are showing the. great
est kindness to the wounded prisoners
and. the captured Russian officers are
belnff treated _,by the highest among
the Japanese as respected guests."
Japanese Kind to the Wounded.
They were able to* proceed • with less
confusion, for the Parker people left
the hall. .
The State convention will be called
to order at 11 a. m. in Tomlinson Hall.
The report of the . committee on per
manent organization will recommend
the delegates at large to the national
convention as follovs:
State Chairman _ O'Brien, : John W.
Kern, 'Major- G.'.V. Menzies and B. F.
Shively. "!'•';
The' credentials' committee will sub
mit a' report recommending the seat
ing - of the Parker delegates wherever
there are contests. - -i
Censorship Is Exercised.
ST. PETERSBURG, '. M[ay 11, 7 p.
m. —^The .street sales of trie Ituss have
been stopped on account of the publi
cation of a Feuillton by M. Amfiteat
roff, the author of "The Land of the
Obnamoffs," meaning "swindlers," a
play on "Romanoffs," which a few
years ago resulted In the suppression
of the Rossiya.' The subject of the
present article is the university sys
tem, dealing with the unrest among
the students.
Remembers Russian Favors.
ODESSA, May 11. — The Red Cross
Society has received $500 from D. M]
OEborne & Co. of New York, accom
nanled.by.a letter in which the con
tributors, .say :
"We ' shall never forget .what th?
Russians did for the United States in
1863."
2
DE. PIEECE'S EEMEDIES.
A Quart Baby.
Now and again there is an item in the
newspapers concerning the birth'- of a"
¦"vxmj baby so small that a qnart'cnp'
holds it comfortably. ' If tbe article told
all tbe facts it would probably tell also
of a mother who in weakness and misery
had looked forward to th€ ; beby's advent
with fihrinkirig: and fear. - « ¦'"' -.
Tc have fine, healthy children the
mother must be healthy, and it is the
. common testimony
• ot mothers that the
ISST V ¦ use of Dr. Pierce's
g*R t^ftk Favorite Prescrip-
*L V) i/^Hr\. t * on not on^ P ro *
'&M*ttls2^ motes tbe mother's
• health but also
1^*^ V^ppTt^k gives her strength
A yV|£»£'S *° £* ve k" child.
?^ J^ * ' v Favorite Pre-
\**^//|^ *3l' scfiption" • accom-
t jfej^fw^ |3 . plisnes these results
./ \. ~^Sp»v5i v# e nervcs i promot*
'ty***" 1^ **iABf* ing a healthy appe-
. tite, and giving re-
freshing sleep. It increases physical
vigor and gives great muscular elasticity,
so that tbe baby's advent is practically
painless It is the best cf tonics for
cursing mothers.
"J rlaaJr recommend Dr, Pierce'* Fawwite
j^reBcription." write* Mrs. J. W. G. Stephens, of
Mila. Northumberland Co.. Va. "Before my
ifci rd HttJe bov •sras born I tock six bottles. He
i« tbe finest cnsld «.od ha» been from birth, and
I suffered v»ry much less than I ever did before.
I nnnesilatio'giv cdvise expectant mother* to
uv the ' Favorite Prescription.' "
Dr. Pierce now feels fnlly warranted
iru offering to pay $yx» in legal mofiey
of the United. States, for any case of
Leacorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolap.
ca* or Falling of Womb which he can-
•:cV cure. All he asks is a fair and
reasonable trial of his means of cure.
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser, containing 1008 pages, is sent free
on receipt of stamps to -pay expense ot
mailing only. Send 31 one-cent stamps
fcr tbe cloth-bound volnme, or only 21
Btamps for the book in paper covers.
±ddres« Dt. BL V. Pierce, Baffclo, N.Y-
Is the marvel of the twentieth cen-
tury; so are Brown's wonderful Spring
SuitST-Concave Shoulder— Elongated
Lapel— Snug Fitting Collar. An ideal
traveling suit for dress, comfort and
wear. \: Their like has never before
been known.
Get next and get one.
MILL TO MAN.
>c ¦•¦.¦• . ,
S16-SIS MARKET ST. M o b fe^v
ADVERTISEJtENTS.^ " -
I MEN, I HAVE THE CURE!
E . ¦->n * want to talk to men who have paina
fi g^ffittsSfevLf^^ and aches, who feel run down physically,
|i ' erpy which was so evident ln youth is
fri i^H^*^3**?^»^CTj absent now; men who can't stand th*
H \A amount of exprtion they could years
H JPSSSpSffX 1^. a £°- * want you — if that means you —
M w^StiSkK. IS* to see what I have done for others who
M R^W^KiSk m were Just as bad off. That's my intro-
m flBe&§n§S9 O duction. If a friend in whom you had
H ymrflr ;* ujLwmi_ confidence presented some one to you
H IB6feMBwgHBBB3^h/ilHgT an<1 said. "Jack, here's Drown; he has
j3 - r 'Wy^ffiB'i'vPffPj'ir l»yS\ made pood with me and I trust him."
II «S'fiV^&^^t ***t V*^ \ wouldn't you trust him. too? If you
M & \ w111 tel1 mft where you arp l wlu Siva
C3 v«VWSir-<^^ -» /i I you the name of a man in your own
pi TajSflnB88£^2H6!j J town whom I have cured by my Elec-
I l WILL PAY $ 1000 FORFEIT
H APStfWBMpyy^BSf For » case of Nervous Debility. Vari-
Kl jft - > xbBBBH8SAbcWHP cocele. Rheumatism. Lame back, Lum-
H '«fink "^^^BWHBSBbtT bag-o. Sciatica, any case of Ktdney Dis-
II jfHSm^ ' jQHsS^SH^ ' ease that has not gone as far as Bright' s
if JCroUJjCTlfe^^X^@P^^^. Disease; Indigestion, constipation or
a any Weakness which I cannot cure with
H my new Improved Electric Belt, the
B^ jC=:^^\»rt^S^Tap?^^SS^Ww' marvel of electricians, the most won-
M ~*^Z*%*%£$\.' *V 5aW derful curatfve device that has ever
n • -rsr- * been Introduced. This Belt Is com-
M plete with Free Electric Suspensory.
H This Electric "Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all
M weaknesses of men, varlcocele, etc. It develops and expands all weak
m nerves and checks a loss of vitality. No case of Failing Vigor. Varicocele
I| or Debility can resist this powerful Electric Attachment. It never fails
¦I to cure.
II Mr. E. F. Lohman. Hooker, Cal., writes, March 11: "The feelinr of despond-
¦ ency Is gone and I have perfect confidence in myself now. Tra & well man."
H No man should be weak, no man should suffer the loss of that VI-
u tality which renders life worth living. No man should allow himself.
74 to become less a man than nature intended him; no man should suffer
m' when there is at hand a certain cure for. his weakness.
H Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain
K| and nerves, from which men suffer, are due to an early loss of nature's
|h reserve power. You need not suffer for this. You can be restored The ¦
H very element whlcn you have lost you- can get back; and you may be
W as happy as any man that lives.
U My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory, will restore
H- your power. It will check all loss of vital power and affects every
H organ of the body. _y , -. •
|l ¦ ¦ Mr. WK Quite. R«no N«v writes, March 10: "Tour Belt cured me after I
Pi .had spent $1000 In useless doctoring." *
H I have cured thousands of men who have squandered the savings of
H years in useless doctoring. . *
H , My Belt is easy to use; put It on when you go to bed; you feel the'
M f lo , w VL g heat from l \ (n0 ./L tln ? or burn - a8 ln old 'Wo belts), and you
i feel the nerves tingle with the new life flowing Into them. You ret •
H. up in the morning feeling like a two-yeai-old. ««=iu. xuu sei
: IJ An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at
§1 35. That shows it renews the vigor of youth? It cures 1 Rh enmatlim 1
H Sciatic Pains. Lumbago, Kidney Trouble. Banishes pain in a single night;
ks n€?vcr - to return. *
M Mr *¦ c - Hammond. 330 Pile street. San Francisco, says, March *»O- "At th*
El " are -Srk 75 * yo n r Bfelt J 1 *?,/?™* me °* «neral weakness and kidney trouble "-
I *v. 7^** »»*, y°u?. Write and tell me. and no matter where you ara I
g think I_ can give you the address of some one in your tow "that I five-
¦ .1 Every wher uses my Belt gets the advice and counsel of a
9 Tot y tn C at n h| r can't y ° U * U that any medtcal ***** «« five, and a
I FREE BOOK Tn y ; my * P£ u v w . rl £ e me to - da y for m V beautiful
1 S$$^i&^^™ lBCl0Se thls n ad Wh aVfwil t rsend,..7h h iI
H hnw C £; L^« rO K >AY ~ I i you can « call and see me and I will show you
I : TATION FREE ° &nd S ' Ve y ° U a frC * teSt of my Belt * CONSUL--
I llli ?' WcLaughlin, Sl&ill
__. "TTKiTranniriBMiramM-i— - ' unnrEB• The 'Ambidextrous , Society ; of Eng
land devotes itself to encouraging peo
ple" toi use both hands with' equal fa
cility. V .v .
Obstructions on Beacon Street.
The . Board of Works yesterday re
ported to the Board of Supervisors
that thirty-seven feet of the fences on
Beacon street complained of by the
property owners In the neighborhood
have been removed, leaving an >ob-^
struction of three feet on Beacon
street. It was impossible to determine
how much of -Thirty-first street is ob
structed, as there are ¦ no lines to
measure from, : \ '
BIAGINI G#TS JUDGMENT.— Judge Heb
bard" yesterday . gave judgment to | the defend
ant,lathe suit of J. Chelinl against F.-Blag
inl.' Chelini sued - for % 325, ¦: the price of wine
he i «old to Blasini." The latter refused i to pay
for it because it was sour.VThe testimony of
expert witnesses proved that be was riicht.
Deny That Clarke Committed Suicide.
NEW YORK,; May 11.— It is assert
ed by the mother and sister of Harold
A. Clarke, says a World dispatch from
Paris, that the ' wealthy - young
Calif ornian who was found dead In hi3
room in a* Paris hotel | Monday did not
commit -suicide," despite the fact that
all circumstances point that way.
ROME, May 1 1.— The Vatican au
thorities deny, having 'received objec
tions from American Archbishops re
garding the impossibility of enforcing
the papal decree providing for the
restoration of the Gregorian chant and
the, banishment of women .from
churqh choirs. It^ is pointed 1 out in
this connection that the decree did not
call for. the \ exclusive use of the* Gre
gorian > chant, nor; did it forbid con
gregational singing, ¦ including, natur
ally, female voices. *
Vatican -'Authorities Deny Having Re
ceived ¦ Such a Protest Prom : : '\Z;
American Prelates. - '.
DO NOT OBJECT TO WOMEN
SINGING IN CHURCH CHOIRS
Property owners and residents in
the vicinity of Green and . Sansome
streets filed a protest yesterday with
the Board of Supervisors against the
granting of permission to E. C.
Holmes to explode blasts for grading
purposes near the streets named. The
protestants say that the property upon
which permission is wanted to blast
is adjacent to that upon which Gray
Bros, conducted quarrying operations,
which resulted In great damage to ad
joining property.
Want No Blasting.
' SAN JOSE. May 11:—^At the meet
ing of ; the . trustees of Agnew State
asylum to-day the bid of the Western
Gas; Construction Company to con
struct a gas plant for $ 4 8 90 was . ac
cepted. Treasurer Montgomery rc-.
ported $52,823 in the contingent fun<l.
Plans' for replumbing the hospital at
a cost of . $10,000 were approved.
There are, 1052 inmates of the hos
pital, the. largest number ever there.
Will Improve Agnew Asylum.
ATLANTA, Ga., May 11.— The young
woman whose case has been reported
from Paris as having been investigated
by United States Consul General Gow
dy, appears to be Miss Belle Crane of
Decatur, a suburb of Atlanta, whose
father ' is a prominent business man
here. He has recently received a cable
gram from Consul General Gowdy, but
the exact nature of the message he is
at present ".unwilling, .to 'give out. Miss
Crane -formerly; was a student at Ag
nes Scott College, Decatur, and is well
known and popular in this city and at
Decatur." ,.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. May 11. — Clar
ence Meyer,- aged 22, a printer, was
terribly slashed and killed in his home
in the southern part of the~ city, last
night. According to Mrs. Meyer, who
reported the matter to the police to
day, two negroes entered the house at
2 o'clock in the morning. While one
held the woman to prevent her giving
alarm the other struggled with Meyer,
slashing him with a razor on the head,
throat and- body. . • Mrs. .Meyer became
unconscious and did not recover until
many hours later, when she found her
husband - deadl; The house had been
ransacked.. The police have found no
trace of the negroes.
Clarence Meyer Slashed to Death With
Razor in His Kansas City
Home.
YOUNG PRINTER IS KILLED
BY TWO NEGRO ASSAILANTS
NEW YORK. May ll._ The United
States Grand Lodge of the Independ
ent Order of B'nai Abrahama, after a
three days' session, adjourned to-day.
Several amendments to the constitu
tion were adopted.
B'nai Abrabama Adjourns.
Secretary Taft Will Take a Rest.
WASHINGTON. May 11.— Secretary
Taft will to-morrow leave for the Ad
irondack Mountains for a stay of ten
(Jays or two weeks. He is suffering"
from a severe cold and his physicians
advised him to take a rest in another
climate.
Inquiries made by Mr. Gowdy's rep
resentatives established the correctness
of her detention at the Provincial jail,
but the story of her abduction was not
verified except by her statement, which
has been reduced to an affidavit be
fore the Consul. The names of the
persons are. withheld,. as no legal steps
have been \ taken against the alleged
abductor owing to the doubtful char
acter of some of the accusations. Pend
ing the arrival of. friends the girl, is
being cared for by the American Young
Men's Christian Association. •
The girl related a sensational story.
She asserted she had been abducted by
ah American seeking to marry her, and
said she accompanied him on an auto
mobile tour, was locked up in a room
in a country hotel and escaped and at
tempted to walk across the country,
but was arrested as a wanderer by the
French authorities.
PARIS, May 11.— United States Con
sul General Gowdy recently received
a letter from an American girl saying
that she was locked up in a Provincial
jail without any charge having been
made against her. The Consul General
sent a representative to the jail and
secured the girl's release and return
to Paris. He then cabled to her pa
rents, residing at Decatur, Ga., re
questing funds for her return to Amer
ica. . , ,
United States Consul in
France Secures Protec
tion for a Fair Georgian
WASHINGTON. May 11.— The Navy
Department was advised to-day of the
arrival of the Cincinnati at Chemulpo,
where she relieved the Raleigh. The
latter vessel left Chemulpo to-day for
Woosung, where she goes for coal and
fresh supplies; also to communicate
with Admiral Cooper, commander in
chief of the Asiatic station, for in
structions. She probably will return
to Chemulpo.
Cincinnati at Chemulpo.
HOLD AMERICAN
GIRL PRISONER
Lester Gregory, Pacific Coast man
ager of the Aetna Life Insurance Com
pany of New York, testified to two In
terviews he had with* Soeder in refer
ence to a $5000 policy on the life of
Blaise, which the defendant expected
from the New York office and indenti
fied two letters written to him by Soe
der regarding the matter.
F. W. Vooght, general agent of the
Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany, testified to applications made to
his company by Soeder to insure the
life of Blaise and to the refusal of the
company to insure with a policy for
more than* $10,000. This closed the tes
timony for the day.
During the testimony the defendant
was unmoved but attentive, and only
his characteristic habit of blinking his
eyes showed nervousness. General Sal
omon, his counsel, was singularly in
dulgent in his cross-examination and
allowed the opinions of inexpert wit
nesses regarding the wounds on
Blaise's body to get into the record
without objection. All he tried to. de
velop was that the night of January
10 was damp and misty, which was
readily admitted by all the witnesses
for the prosecution. ,What bearing this
fact has on the case of the defendant
General Salomon refused to state.
"I suppose the company is afraid that
you will do up Blaise," remarked the
doctor jocularly. "You don't intend to
do that, do you?"
Soeder smiled and said: "Why, he's
my brother-in-law. We went to school
together and lived only six miles apart
in Germany. I'm not, going to harm
him."
E. H. Osbourne, a solicitor for the
Pacific Mutual Life Company, who
wrote the policy for $3000 for Blaise
and subsequently secured $7000 more in
the Hartford Life Company for him,
testified to the transactions bstween
himself and Soeder and Blaise. He had
nothing new to offer beyo/id his tes
timony at the preliminary hearing,
wherein he described the three meet
ings he had with Soeder and Blaise
and the writing of the policies of in
surance, amounting in all to $16,000.
SALOMON IS INDULGENT.
Blaise's life. On the last visit to the
room at 827 Jackson street Soeder was
evidently annoyed because the insur
ance company had refused to issue
a $10,000 policy on Blaise's life.
"I have a good notion to tell the Pa
cific Mutual to go to ," said Soe
der, "but I am afraid that the other
insurance companies will blacklist
me."
Pjolice Officer Who Killed a Man Dor
ins a Raid Will Not Be Tried
for Murder.
LOS ANGELES. May 11. — C. M.
Carpenter, the Humane Society of
fiter who shot and killed David Frey
during- a raid on a cocking main Hav
1. was to-<lay held for trial by Justice
Pierce and released on $5000 bond.fur
niFhed through the society. The
charge of murder against Carpenter
was dismissed, however, and he will
likely be tried* on some less serious in
dictment.
COMPLAINT AGAINST
CARPENTER TO BE 3IODIFIED
MAN ACCUSED OF MURDERING HIS BROTHER-IN-LAW. LIFE INSURANCE
AGENT THAT INSURED THE VICTIM" S LIFE AND SCENE IN COURT AS
POLICE OFFICER IDENTIFIED BLAISE'S BLOOD-STAINED CLOTHING.
LOS ANGELES. May 11.— Practical
ly no business was transacted by the
Methodist General Conference to-day.
The early morning session was devoted
entirely to a consideration of the report
of the comiriittee on rules, as reported
by Rev. Dr. T. B. s Neely, chairman.
The reading and debating of the vari
ous sections governing the manner- of
transacting business on the floor of the
conference and the reference of motions
and resolutions to committees took up
the time of the conference until recess,
at which time the report was left un
finished. There were many sharp pass
ages at arms between the parliamen
tary experts, which somewhat in
livened an otherwise dull and feature
less session.
After recess, the duty of receiving
and welcoming fraternal delegates,
which was not completed at yester
day's session, was taken up, and long
addresses were made by Rev. William
Dobson, fraternal delegate from Can
ada, and Rev. John C. Kilgoe, of the
Methodist Episcopal church. South. Dr.
Dobson's address was a very able one.
Dr. Kilgoe, who is a noted pulpit ora
tor, aroused the enthusiasm of the
delegates to a degree not before
reached at the present session of the
General Conference. His eloquent per
oration, In which he asserted that no
one could love "the stars and stripes
more than the people of the South,
brought cheers from the assembly and
at the conclusion of his address the
entire audience arose at the request of
Bishop Andrews and sang "America."
¦ This afternoon there were several
committee meetings, the most Import
ant of which was the itinerancy and
book concern committees.
Eminent Divine of the Southern
Chnrch Gives Eloquent Address
...at Conference.
REVEREND KILGOE STIRS
, PATRIOTIC. METHODISTS
WASHINGTON, May 11. — President
Roosevelt's plans for the summer
were announced by Secretary Loeb to
day. They are tentative, but proba
bly will be carried out, aa follows:
The President will go to Oyster Bay.
about July 1. remaining there until
after he receives the official notifica
tion of the choice of the Republican
Convention. Then he expects to re
turn to Washington for a stay of two
or three weeks, returning thereafter to
Oyster Bay and remaining until short
ly after the middle of September. • It
is announced that the President will
not receive any delegations at Oyster
Bay and that he will only receive those
visitors on political matters who come
through the National Committee. All
'other visitors to be received at Oys
ter Bay will be limited to those whose
missions are on official business.
Only Official Visitors Will Be Received
by Executive While Enjoying:
Usual Outinjf.
PRESIDENT'S SUMMER PXAXS
DURING OYSTER BAY VISIT
Following "him came Dr. William G.
Mizner, medical "examiner for the Pa
cific Mutual Life Insurance Company.
His was the only testimony ; that de
veloped any new fact. He told about
visiting Soeder and Blaise on two oc
casions, of having examined Blaise for
insurance " and • of the refusal- of * ; the
company to grant a $10,000 policy on
.FORECASTS THE CRIME.
Detective William Armstrong, who
was sent out by the Police Department
after a telephone had been received
from Sergeant Christiansen regarding
the finding of the body of Blaise, tes
tified along the same lines as Chris
tiansen and detailed his search for a
knife in the neighborhood of the-crime.
He corroborated Christiansen as to the
position of the body and the wounds
upon it.
Deputy Coroner Charles Meehan was
the next witness. He took the dead
body of Blaise to the Morgue on a call
of the Police Department. ..He iden
tified the clothes taken from the body
and the contents of the pockets, which
consisted of a bunch of keys and a let
ter from Blaise's wife In Germany to
her husband. The trousers' pockets
were outturned when he took custody
of the body. He testified as to the fatal
wound in the neck and the two wounds
in the back of the head. ,
Mrs. Christiansen followed her hus
band and testified to the fact that
while Bitting in her kitchen on the
night of January 10, at an hour be
tween 8:30 and 8:55 she heard a man
utter an agonizing scream. The sound
came from the direction of the retain
ing wall on Taylor street. Some chil
dren from across the street were visit
ing her little ones and she sent them
home at 8:55, by which she fixed the
time. All in her home were frightened
by the, scream and the children pre
vailed on her not to go out of the
house.
William Hogan, who was the first one
to discover the body of Blaise on the
morning of January 11 of this year,
was the first witness. He told of seeing
a man- lying on the roadway between
Vallejo and Green streets, on Tay
lor street. When he approached the
body he thought it was a drunken man
and kicked it. Then he noticed that It
was lying in a pool of blood, and he
hurried to the residence of Sergeant of
Police Christiansen, at the corner of
Taylor and Green streets, where he In
formed Mrs. Christiansen that a dead
man was lying on the street. The ser
geant appeared shortly and the two
men went up the hill toward the body.
Ae they ascended the hill a well
dressed man came down the roadway,
saw the body and picked up a hat ly
ing some fifteen feet away and laid it
on the recumbent form. He remained
with the body until Sergeant Chris
tiansen and Hogan reached the place.
Then he went away.
Sergeant Christiansen's testimony was
to the same effect, but more detailed.
After he had viewed the dead body he
made a search of the neighborhood
within a circuit of 100 feet for some
weapon. He said it was apparent that
a murder had been committed. On
the wall above he found some marks
of feet that might indicate a struggle,
but he said these might have been
made by boys playing on the edge of
the cliff. The police theory is that
Blaise was murdered at the base of
the wall by Soeder, as no evidences of
blood can be found on any portion of
the retaining rockwork.
HEARS AGOXIZING SCREAMS.
THOUGHT MAX WAS DRUN'K.
All of the testimony adduced yester
day related to the finding of the body
of Blaise and the efforts of Soeder to
obtain insurance on the life of his
brother-in-law. Dr. Bacigalupl, who
performed the autopsy, was in attend
ance during the morning -session, but
was informed that he would not be
needed.
Soeder had secured insurance policies
in the sum of $16,000 on the life of
Blaise, the husband of the former's sis
ter. Blaise was brought from Germany
on a promise of remunerative employ
ment and the ultimate gain of a com
petence for his wife and children. Less
than a month elaps'ed between the ar
rival of the two men in San Francisco
and the violent death of Joseph Blaise.
Around Leon Soeder the police have
v*oren a strong web of circumstantial
evidence.
Leon Soeder, charged with murder
ing his brother-in-law. Joseph Blaise,
yesterday again faced the jury that
will determine his guilt or innocence.
Blaise's body was found at the foot of a
wall on Taylor street, between Vallejo
and Green streets, on the morning of
January 11. A gash from a knife, which
se\ered the Jugular vein, was mute
witness to the cause of death. On the
back of Blaise's head were two cuts
that were doubtless caused by* the blow
of a blunt instrument. Soeder was ar
rested for the murder because he alone
had a motive for the killing of the ig
norant German.
. The business sessions of the engineers
agd the auxiliary will begin to-morrow.
The present biennial convention is
resaidfd by the members of the or
ganization as one of the most important
in its history. It will continue in ses
sion until June 2. Most of the work
will be done in executive sessions, and
no outline of the work expected to be
#*-complished has been out.
.The delegates assembled at the Ma
ncn Opera-house at 2 o'clock this after
noon, where M. P. Snyder addressed
triem. extending welcome in behalf of
the citizens of Los Angeles, both to the
and the ladies' auxiliary del
'tf?ates. Response was made by Second
Assistant Chief Engineer James C. Cur
rie. Other er>eeches were made by
James J. Byrne, peneral passenger
apenr of th<* Santa Fe lines in Califor
nia: \V. H. Carlson. R. W. Kelly, R. H.
Ingraham, E. T. Gibbon and Chief En
gineer W. S. Stone.
The convention of the engineers was
called to order at 9 o'clock by Grand
Afhief Engineer W. S. Stone, who deliv
ered a brief address, reciting the his
tory' of the organization, the splendid
v ork which it had been able to accom
plish and what it hoped to perform at
the uresent meeting. After the open
ing address of the grand chief the sec
retary called the roll of delegates and
tfce convention proceeded with the work
of selecting the. important committees.
' • When the preliminaries are disposed
.of the convention will adjourn until 2
o'clock this afternoon, when it will
ronvene at the Mason Opera-house to
listen to an address of welcome by
Mayor M. P. Snyder of Los Angeles,
arid the formal response by Second
Assistant Grand Engineer J. C. Currie
<jf Jersey City. Addresses will also be
made by representatives of the oper
ating departments of the various rail
roads entering Los Angeles. First As
sistant Grand Engineer T. S. Ingra
ham of Cleveland. Ohio, and others.
The work cf greatest importance be
fore the present convention is the se
lection of a grand chief engineer to fill
• the ylace left vacant by the death of
P. M. Arthur last July. The present
chief. W. S. Stone, who was chosen to
fill out Arthur's unexpired term, will
be ;. candidate to succeed himself.
•Other candidates who will have strong
f. •llo-.vings are J. C. Currie, second as
sistant grand engineer, and T. S. In
•£-aham. first grand engineer. In the
auxiliary Mrs. W. A, Murdock, founder
of the order and its president during
the entire eighteen years of its exist
once, will succeed herself.
L.OS ANGELES, May 11.— The sixth
biennial convention of the International
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
"assembled in this city to-day, *»ith be
.t*een 600 and 700 delegates in attend
-ance. Turner Hall, fittingly decorated
. -with flowers and bunting and reraod
.eled to suit the requirements of the
Convention, was the place of meeting.
At the same hour th« ladies' auxiliary
<-;f. the order assembled in Blanchard
•Hall.
In memoriam — "Albert Stanley Do-
Ian, M. D.," Dr. H. R. Arndt of San
Francisco; "W. S. Ruby, M. D.." Dr. F.
B. Kellogg of Los Angeles; "T. L. John
son. M.. D.," Dr. C. L. Tisdale of Ala
meda: "Report of Institutions Under
Homeopath^: Control," Dr. Guy E.
Manning of San Francisco; "The Prob
lem of the Homeopathic College," Dr.
William F->ericke of San Francisco, dis
cussion by Dr. A. K. Crawford;' "The
Use and Abuse of Hydrotherapy," Dr.
Thomas Evans of St. Helena; "Diseases
of the Vascular System," Dr. Frederick
G. Cannev of San Francisco; "Lesions
of the Myocardium," Dr. A. K. Craw
ford of Oakland; "The Protective Func
tion of the Organism," Dr. T. G. Mc-
Conkey of San Francisco; "The Blood
Pressure in Health and Disease," Dr.
Manning of San Francisco.
This evening the president, Dr. Peter
son, read his address.
The following delegates are here: 1
From San - Francisco — Dr. H. R. Arndt, Dr.
Guy E. Manning. Dr. William Boericke, Dr.
Frederick 'C. Canney. Dr. T. G. McConkey,
Dr. Philip Rice, Dr. . Edgar R. Bryant, Dr.
George H. Martin. Dr. Florence Ward, Dr.
Clarence D. Potter, Dr. Sidney Worth, Dr.
Laura B., Third, Dr. A. C. Peterson.
Los Angeles — Dr. F. B. Kellogg. Dr. J. W.
Hawes, Dr. W. E. Waddell. Dr. Burlelgh
Parkhurst Dr. E. C. Buell, Dr. F. S. Bar
nard, Dr. Helen Woodroffe, Dr. S. S.'Salis
bury. Dr. C. B. Dlckson.
Sacramento — Dr. James T. Martin, Dr. Mary
Cronemlller. Dr. P. R. Watts.
Oakland — Dr. N. H. Chamberlain, Dr. A.
K. Crawford. Dr. Robert L. Hill Jr.. Dr.
fiusan Fenton, Dr. Alice Bush, Dr. J. M. Sel
fridje.
Dr. C. L. Tisdale, Alameda: 'Dr. Thomas
Evans. St. Helena; Dr. William Simpson. San
Jose; Dr. H. L.. Stambaeh. Santa Barbara;
Dr.- Charles If. Walter. Ban Jose: Dr. M.
B. Campbell, Patton; Dr. E. A. Dickinson,
TJkiah: Dr. Petrte Hoyle. Santa Cruz; Dr.
Amelia Gates, San Jose; Dr. E. P. Philbrook,
Santa Crui. >
SANTA CRUZ, May 11.— The twenty
eighth session of the California State
Homeopathic Medical Society^ was
opened at 10 o'clock this morning at
the Sea: Beach Hotel by the president.
Dr. A. C. Peterson, of San Francisco.
The principal business was the re
port from the board of censors, which
met and passed on six applicants: Dr.
Lilla M.-Tehney of 'Oakland; Dr. E. B.
Philbrook, of Santa Cruz; Dr. T. C.
Robinson, of Grass Valley; Dr. T. H-
Winslow.-of Oakland; Dr. Philip Rice,
of San Francisco; Dr. J. C. Gafln of
San. Jose. -
The officers elected were: President,
Dr. S. S. Salisbury, of Los Angeles;
first vice president, Dr. T. G. McCon
key, of San Francisco; second vice
president. Dr. Ruth Bennett, of Santa
Cruz; secretary, Guy E. Manning,. M.
D., of San Francisco; treasurer, Charles
Lewis Tisdale, M. D., Alameda. .
Board of Censors— Pliny R. Watts, M.
D., Sacramento; Guy E/ Manning, M.
D. t San Francisco; Fraricls B. Kellogg,
M. D., Los Angeles; W. E. Waddell,
M. .D., Los Angeles; Kenry L. Stam
bach, M. D., Santa Barbara.
Board of Directofs-=J. M. Selfridge,
M. D., Oakland^ William Boericke, M.
D., San. Francisco; Charles Lewis Tis
dale, M. D-.^lameda; Al C. Peterson,
M. D., San Francisco; Sidney Worth,
M. D., San ,Francisco.
Board of Examiners — Charles Lewis
Tisiale, M. D., Alameda; E. C. Buell,
M. D., San Francisco. .
Alternate — Guy E. Manning, M. D.,
San Francisco.
Committee on Legislation— Charles
Lewis Tisdale, M. D., chairman, Ala
meda; H. R. Arndt, M. D., San Fran
cisco; George H. Martin, Jd. D., San
Francisco; Pliny Bjf-Watts, M. D., Sac
ramento; C. B. TDickson, M. D., Los
Angeles.
Dr. Guy E. Manning, the secretary;
gave his annual report. He was fol
lowed by Dr. C. L. Tisdale of Alameda,
who as treasurer of the board of di
rectors reported on the finances. He
also reported for the State Board of
Examiners, and spoke of the favorable
results of the bill passed by the Legis
lature in regard to the law of, licensing
practitioners of medicine. Dr. Tisdale
said numerous arrests have been made
by the Board of Examiners. While the
technicality of the law had not been
passed upon by the Supreme Court,
everything looked favorable toward it
being upheld. The students of the
homeopathic college were compliment
ed, not only for their high averages in
homeopathic branches, but In pathology
and bacteriology.
P. F. Latrd of Utica, N. Y., was elect
ed a corresponding member, and one
resignation was received, that of. Dr.
Mary E. Hoffmann of San Francisco.
This afternoon the programme was as
follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
spirited Rivalry Promised
in the Contest for Late
• Grand Chief Arthurs Place
CHANGES IN THE BOARD
Annual Reports Show That
the Institution Is in
a Flourishing --Condition
3IAXY NOTABLES ARRIVE
Los Angeles Welcomes the
• . Representatives of the In
; ternational Brotherhood
Homeopathic Medical So
ciety Opens Convention
and Proceeds to Business
Evidence Given by Witnesses at Preliminary Hearing of
Man Accused of Murder of Joseph Blaise Is Re
peated in Part by Them at Trial in Superior Court
MAY0R GREETS
THE ENGINEERS
DOCTORS ELECT
NEW OFFICERS
TELL STORY OF GRIM CRIME
AT BASE OF RUSSIAN HILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, MAY ; >12j"190*.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
7" ALL WOMEN
Who wish to retain or regain
their health must see to it that
•functional regularity is estab-
lished. This is an all-important
.question and the wise woman will
•".resort to Hostetter's Stomach
. -.Bitters at the first symptom of
,any derangement, because she
•knows it always gives prompt re-
lief. Pains in the Back, Bloating,
Vomiting, Headache, Indigestion,
Dyspepsia, Fainting Spells and
Sleeplessness are all danger sig-
..nals which require the Bitters.
Trv one bottle.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH t BlTTERS
. Ya) Perfect Fitting ftpV
.. <f Eyeglasses If
j At Moderate Cost
Schilling's Best are not ex
travagant; quite the contrary
. Teas and coffees good-enough
baking-powd— flavoring e:
tracts and spices pure and be
and yet economical; 'soda con.
ADVTBTISE34E2JTS. *
"PE^RU-HAsSAVED MY LIFE,"
Writes Mrs. W. McRoberts.
,* g imL * v - if.-; a> m YlS. L». M. GRIFFITH. Arco.
•SS^fc2^»5ik^S^SS^SSS5i^^^\ I VI Idaho, writes: "I am thirty
V^Wir^!if1^wi ; ™^HF!5iil)i|ri^ Z_ years old and never had any
X*^ t imm^B&SMnB^\ children; but since beginning your
e\M i\ w2Pm&B&$WM!m \*ti%\ medicine I gave birth to a 10-pound
r^lf J^^^^^SSRaa^S 1 I lil bab >' S lrl - l am stronger than I have
I ' In < § been since I was quite young. God
I! deR!G»reiiKKlEHE£2i|*§i! 1 bless you and your medicine for-
i| <s $£**c§*§0^ VMS*' '1 H vou not d er *" ve prompt and
| | *g££££p^ \ it 'I »3tlsfactory results from the use of
S| ¦ ,$fiy3$*? ' rajj a Peruna. write at once to Dr, Hart-
II if ! *';i" ,^*^C? '"3 man giving a full statement of your
\ 1' !" TiSjSi J^^^S /^S^Vr^ M case and he will be pleased to give
a' ill'n Ifi^ijS £g$~ («^^Fj 'i 3 y° u n ' 3 valuable advice gratis.
Sj ! jll!) iT>^3f \V llli w 8 Address Dr. Hartman. President
| !jjj| KM,j» y f i3 °f The Hartman Sanitarium, Co-
"I bo All My Housework and vv . §?3iw c
akc Care of My Baby and )> *^C 1 *'
esl So Good." K c \ ! i\
A YOUNG MOTHER'S LETTER. , I \ ff '1/*^.^ f *
Mrs. W. McRoberts writes to Dr. ',', \ • - // / s~n . A^i (- '
Hartman from Delano, Miss., the fol-4 \ 1 •* \9)p?&/jgX \\ n\' I *
Delano, Miss. \
Dr. S. B. Hartman, Columbus, Ohio: " \v -\ \/ // \^\
Dear Sir: "I feel perfectly well of" ( >##m \ 1 // V^*,
catarrh. I did as you directed me to" I /[f/jl >A\ \ \ ff *?
and took Peruna and Manalin. The" l\ V->\ iff /Q, fi\
third of March I gave birth to a ten ? ffffl I S HN//?~ -^vf > U IV
pound baby girl and we are both well" H\\ ft \ -^rtf * *„_» -L
and happy. % I am very thankful to" ff\\ ff \}>Y /r
you and Peruna saved my life. I" Mil If t fjpi if \{_J5^f^/j\ \
recommend it to everyone and can't ' // I J // / f/ \. >y7/7l»l^/ /»» •
praise it enough. I ' t j / / \ // Yy/Jl \ >Lr- :
"I send you my own and my baby's? I 9,1 I If V----^r>^ <^»-'i
picture. She is so sweet and good, — ,, / f/l ' // l^^\«v^
she is a Peruna baby. I have such , , "\Jf 1/ f f ' VI>v***^»
good health now. I do all my house- , , iff If I If I iTfV^ ~"A \£Z
work and take care of my baby and,, // H * ff \ V-\y^rfb3/--j6 r
feel so good. \ If ff I. If I \ : **^\x\\
'There are three or four of myf / I / VaF | I \ * ?\V\\\
neighbors using Peruna now since iti f I ' -0% \, \ y »W
did me so much good. They were ,,'. I /fc "~\ « VnSS^r^A
just run down, and they think it is I / I fifti, \, i \ \ Xr - t ~^r-
flne. It Is so good to give strength." — , , / I //'///}'**. .^^ifiw/TSS^fcVy
Mrs. W. McRoberts. ,,{ yffiOiAf'ti
We have thousands of testimonials -J/ § Jr*^
rom mothers concerning the benefit of *>^/a (I
'eruna to their babies. *«Alv..\ft
/ ':f\*d':ii'y ' ADVXBTISEMEJNTS.
Panamas
I^^K?§KkN&^^§?liL Out Panamas are genuine.
— *f1»lr5es&ySt*sk. *<. : '^-^ ; :^hB*. They were made in South
'f^^mn^k. --''TfciBafflw- America by the natives and
••¦^^^^^^Mfe^^^^p^*'' fine.^considerW* the^prlce * of
**¦*"» * -t^lf J4 i h 35 ) °s r 6 P and "S7.50
The prices in each instance are fully one-third less than those
asked by exclusive hat dealers for the very same quality.' •
We have blocked the hats In different shapes.
The Fedora is pictured on, the right and the Optimo on the left. .
We also have them In Pan tourists and Telescopes.
The Pantourist has four dents in the crown and a long, high- roll
to the brim. . , ; : '
~— The 'Telescope has a crease running around the entire crown,
lowering the center so as to give the hat a flattened appearance.
Our hata v are all ready to be worn.
# Mail orders filled— write to-day.
740* Market Street. fThe Dredge Miners'^ Association,
composed of representatives of the
various corporations operating in the
Feather River Basin, has been' organ-"
ized and the election of officers will
take place to-morrow at Oroville. The
association membership, includes elev-.
en companies representing a total In
vestment of capital in this State of
about $2,500,000. The purpose of the
organization is for, ; the advancement
of- the interests of dredge mining in
California, which has \ been -lately de-:
\ eloping. Into a big industry. .A. large
number of mining men * interested in
the different enterprises near; Oroville
have arranged to leave .here to-mor
row in a'special car for; the dredging
center for the purpose- of attending
the election and looking over' the
scene of operations. . . V .'
Eleven Big Companies Operating in
the Feather IUver Basin Unite to
Advance Their Interests.
DREDGE MINERS FORM A
PERMANENT ORGANIZATION
SAN JOSE, May 11.— The announce
ment of the construction of two elec
tric railways to conect Los Gatos and
San- Jose is made. President O. A.
Hale of the Interurban Electric Rail
way, who has just returned from a. trip
East, states that the Interurban will
build a short line from Los Gatos to
this city by way of Campbell. Th*
Interurban now has a road from this
city to Saratoga and Los Gatos.
F. S.. Granger, who promoted the
Interurban Electric Railway, to-day
declares that he is now ready to build
a road from this city, to .Campbell and
Los Gatos.. He has the plans about
completed. The .' .Granger road* .will
run over private rights of way for the
entire distance and it is said that.al
most all these rights of way have been
secured. A company will be organized
at once. It is said that San Francisco
capitalists are interested in the road*
As soon as franchises can be 'secured
construction of the road will, com
mence. Granger is also promoting on«
or two more* electric ,'roads* to run 'to
various parts of. the courUjr. gl iim - v
Electric Lines Will Connect the Cities
Touching Campbell 'on the
Route.
Thomas Shaw, who lives at 715 How
ard street, was an inmate of the Emer
gency Hospital for several hours yes
terday. While intoxicated Shaw, it is
said, opened the valve of a cooking
stove and proceeded to inflate himself
with [enough gas to float an ordinary
balloon, but fortunately he was dis- :
covered before the fatal , point was
reached and promptly relieved at the
hospital.
Inhnle.s Gas While Drunk.
Company 56, Uniform Rank.
Knights 'of Pythias, were tho hosts at
a theater party given at the Central
Theater last night. The bill was "The
Three AluskPteers." by the incompara
ble stock company, nud the popular
playhouse was well filled. The Pyth
ian soldiers under command of Cap
tain Eaeon gave an exhibition drill on
the stage and acquitted themselves In
a manner to elicit much favorable
comment. The proceeds of the affair
will be used as the nucleus for a fund
to defray the expenses of the com
pany to the session of the Supreme
Lodge at Louisville in August.
I*.vtlilnns at the Central.
The horseshoers* strike is practic
ally, settled, but one or two points are
still hanging in -abeyance. At head
quarters nothing of a definite charac
ter was given out, but it was rumored
that the shoers had made terms and
by the end of the week would go back
to work.
The third day's session of the sec
ond,biennial convention of the United
Brotherhood of Railway Employes
met yesterday morning in Foresters*
Hall. The feature of . the session was
the address of "Mo'ther Jones," who
spoke of the conditions prevailing In
Colorado and Utah. Her remarks
were received with enthusiasm and
prolonged applause. The convention
will convene again this morning at. 9
o'clock.
L. C. Whit<\ secretary of the Stable
and Carriage Owners' Association,
states that many of the statements
made by Thomas F. Finn, president of
Stablemen's Union No. 8760. are en
tirely' without foundation. For in
stance, the open shop notices were
posted on April 19,, instead of Febru
ary 22, as stated by Finn.. The union
called out its members on April.28.
Since the first card has been nailed up
giving open shop notice there has not
been a single union man discharged
by any member of the association. »
There have not been any members
of the Stable and Carriage Owners'
Union who have receded or deviated a
particle from the policy originally laid
out by the executive board of 'the as
sociation.
li. V. Wlille, Secretary of Stable aiul
Carriuge- O\vnt'i>i' Union, Says
IMim's KoiKjrls Are Uiitrtie.
DENIES STATEMENTS' MADE
IJV STABLEMEN'S . UNION
Gets Tired. of Freedom.
John Williams, alias John McDon
ald, an ex-pugillst. surrendered him
self at the City, Prison yesterday. He
was arrested on April 23 for burglary
for breaking Into the Mission Bay
shops of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. When taTten before Police Judge
Fritz he played the Insanity dodge and
the Judge sent him to the Central
Emergency Hospital for examination
by the commissioners. They found
nothing wrong with him mentally and
he was allowed to walk out of the
place instead of being returned to the
City Prison. ' ;.-
England last year Imported $10,000,
000.worth of automobiles and exported
only $1,700,000 worth.
The basement is divided into several
apartments, one of which is large
enough to serve as a lecture-room. The
contract will be let as soon as Archi
tect W. H. Weeks completes the speci
fications.
The main floor will have a capacity
for 12,000 volumes. In addition i there
are rooms for the librarian, the* juve
niles and delivery work. The interior
finishings will be of Oregon pine. Great
care has been taken to provide good
lighting and ventilating arrangements.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Jilay 11.— Plans
J are being drawn for the proposed Car
j negie Library building to be erected in
j this city. The structure is to be located
| at the northwest corner of Monterey
j and. North Broad streets, and is to be
j directly opposite the Mission San Luis
j Oblspo de Toloso.
The cost of the building is to be about
[$10,000. The material used will be' of
the best and the equipments will be
modern. The Roman style of archltec
¦ ture will prevail. The exterior is to be
; of brick and Arroyo Grande stone, the
; vestibule lloors of tiling and the en
: trance doors of oak.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PROPOSED CARNEGIE IJBRAKT
TO BE CONSTRUCTED AT SAN
Ll'IS OBISI'O.
The suit was brought to collect $10.
000"and interest at 7 per cent per an
num from October 23. 1S00. being a
balance alleged to be due on certain
mining machinery, including pumps,
delivered ; by, the Crane Company to
the mining company.
The defense contended that the
pumps had failed to comply with the
specifications. The ixlal occupied
three weeks. Walter D. Mansfield
and J. S. Chapman and Frank Mc-
Gowan represented the defendant:
The trial of the suit of the Crane
Company against the Yellow Aster
Mining and Milling Company was
brought to an end yesterday afternoon
in the United States Circuit Court by
the jury returning a verdict "in favor
of the plaintiff for $8000, with inter
est added."
CRANE COMPANY GETS
NEARLY ALL IT ASKED
TWO ROADS FROM LOS
GATOS TO SAN JOSE
Crocker, Woolorth National Rank. $lbO.S(i.1:
Pennsylvania Union and Purely Company of
Philadelphia. *41.744: RJdeout. Smith & Co.
$:«.«24; Well*. Fargtf & Co., J32.»S«2; Illinois
Trust Savings Har.k. $."!0.45-'.; Columbian Bank
ing Company, $18,400; Flr«t National Bank'
San Francisco. $8C39; Bank of Oroville. ?S122!
Witnesses testified that in only one
bank, the Pennsylvania Union Surety
and Guaranty Company, had there
been any money deposited to the credit
of the Suneet Mining Company by
Rumble. ' When the weather threat
ened ruin. Rumble drew nearly all of
the money out of the wet
Several mining experts testified that
Rumble's valuation of $500,000 for the
Old Glory, mine in Butte County was
exaggerated. ' . ,
The trial will.be resumed this morn
ing. .
In the trial of the case of the United
States against George W. Rumble in
the United States District Court for us
ing the mails to- sell misrepresented
mining stoclr, the prosecution brought
out the fact yesterday that Rumble
had amassed wealth, presumably from
the pockets of buyers of shares of the
Sunset Mining Company. Representa
tives of local and- Eastern banking^
houses testified Rumble had had with
in the Daet three years the following
amounts on deposit in the name of
"George W. Rumble or Mrs. George
W. Rumble." . .
Bankers Testify That lie Had I^arge
Sum- Deixxltetl With Them in
lib Own Name.
RUMBLE MAKES MUCH
WEALTH POCKET-MINING
For some time crooks forced to con
fession have led detectives to Mendel
sohn's store and designated it as the
place where they had disposed of* a
portion of their loot, The jeweler al
ways protested innocence and swore
he had not made a purchase from a
stranger since. April of 1903. On Tues
day evening Detective Mulcahy, who
was unknown to Mendelsohn, went in
to the store a/id sold his own watch.
Yesterday mot-ning O'Dea went the^i
and in answer to a question as to
whether any purchases had been made
on the preceding day he received the
stereotyped reply that nothing had
been purchased. Mulcahy then entered
and asked to repurchase his watch.
Mendelsohn told him that it had been
sold on the previous evening. O'Dea.
who wa* waiting outside, confronted
the jeweled and the latter averred that
he had never seen Mulcahy before.
Both officers then, armed with a
search warrant, looked over the prem
ises and recovered the timepiece. Men
delsohn was booked on two charges
at the city prison — one of violating
an ordinance that requires a record to
be kept of all goods purchased and an
other of failing to report the purchase
to the chief of police.
Detectives Mulcahy and O'Dea util
ized strategy "in the exposure of Reu
ben Mendelsohn, a second-hand jew- '
eler at 1213 Market street, yesterday.
The sleuths had long suspected the
jeweler of conducting a "fence" for
Stolen property, but had never been i
able to prove their suspicions until j
they made a bold play and landed j
their man when he least expected it.
Detectives Mulcahy and O'Dea Place
IU-uIk xi Mendelsohn In .Jail on
Two Charjjes.
SLEUTHS USE STRATEGY
IN EXPOSING JEWELRY
After a praise service, led \>y Mrs.
Cook of Santa Cruz, general business
was taken up. The treasurer reported
the income as 5453 35 and disburse
ments S408 14. ...0
The superintendent of mercy advo»
cated the establishing of bands of
mercy in all the public schools.
The devotional cervices this after
noon were led by Mrs. B. Sturtevant
Peet of .San Francisco? the State pres
ident; Mrs. Mae G. Tongler, the State
lecturer and organizer, conducted an
interesting institute, which was fol
lowed by the president's symposium
on "Successes and Failures." "Glean
ings From the Field" were given by
Mrs. J. L. Everts of Santa Cruz. Mrs.
A. It. Organ of Santa Cruz, Mrs. J.
Shattuck Morej of Hollister and Mrs.
Mary Mason of East Santa Cruz.
In the evening Mrs. Mae Tongier,
the State organizer, addressed the
delegates.
The officers of the convention are:
President, Mrs.. lowu M. Holston, Wat
sonville; vico. president at large, Mrs.
C. S. Danks.jjiolllster; first vice pres
ident, Mrs. H. E. Mclntyre. Castro
villo; second vice president. Mrs. C. A.
Moses. Salinas; corresponding secre
tary. Miss M. K. Baker, Soquel; re
cording secretary, Mrs. S. A. Ilayslett,
Santa Cruz; treasurer. Mrs. S. A.
Shields, Hollister; auditor. Mrs. . J.
Shattuck Morey, Hollister: secretary
of the Loyal Temperance Legion, Mrs.
•Alice Bowman, CorralHos.
SANTA CRUZ, May 11. — The
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
Is having a most' interesting conven
tion here and the delegates show the
enthusiasm that' is characteristic of
this bodv of workers. ' *
Delegates From Three Counties Are
in Session at Santa
TEMPERANCE WORKERS
HOLD A CONVENTION'
SAX JOSE. May 11. — Ten school
teachers who were deposed by the
present city administration hi August,
1902,. to-day began suits against the
city Board of Education for salaries
alleged to be due. The amounts rang©
from $400 to $600 each. They claim
they were not. legally removed. Those
bringing suits are D. T. Bateman. at
present County Superintendent of
Schools; lima Schweyer, Anna C.
Jones, Eva Mackenzie.. Ceclle Ofiborn,
F. -K. Barthel, Maud Miller. Eleanor
Spencer. Nora Mlnahan and Ella. Gra
ham. Five actions similar to these
were commenced a short time ago and
It Is said that more suits are to follow.
IMaiiuifTs Charge That They Wore Not
Legally Removed by San ,Jo«»e
Authorities.
SCHOOL TEACIIKKS SUK
FOIl HACK SALARIES
SANTA BARBARA, May 11.— The
delegates. to the school superintendents
convention have placed themselves on
record as unequivocally favoring an In
crease in the salaries of teachers in the
public schools and those of the . city
and county superintendents, and that
provision for, the increase should be
made from the State school fund. ' ,
The matter, came 'tip for discussion
last evening, but no formal action was
taken. At the opening of the morning
session- State Superintendent Kirk
brought up the subject again by the
reading of a letter from Professor Sam
uel G. Black of San Diego, who ex
pressed opinions with which nearly all
agreed. Professor Black suggested:
."If the convention,, instead, c-f at
tempting to go Into details upon the
proposed amendments^ could agree
upon some general principle and then
appoint a committee to frame a law
that will carry cut the general plan
of the convention, it would be better
than to have the convention attempt
to prepare the specific amendments."
Professor Black proposes to raise
both the State and county rates of tax
ation for school purposes. Each dis
trict, he declares, should meet certain
expenses by- imposing a district tax
each year, leaving the entire State
fund for the payment of teachers' sal
aries. "This district tax," continues
Professor Black, "could be arranged
by giving the trustees authority to,re
port to the Boards of Supervisors the
sum necessary to be raised for these
purposes without calling an election,
putting in the proviso that should the
trustees fail or neglect to do so, then
it shall be the duty of the county su
perintendents to report to Jhe Board c-f
Supervisors as to the amount neces
sary." •
Professor Black closed the communi
cation with the statement that he as
chairman of the committee appoint
ed by the Southern California
Teachers' Association to consider
the matter of • advancing salaries,
would call upon the superintend
ents at the close of the present school
year for statistics showing the
amounts paid in the several localities
and the average cost of living in each.
Superintendent Kirk, in a discussion
of the salary matter, stated that the
r- nrgestion of drawing upon the State
fund for an Increased sum did not
meet with the approval of Governor
Pardee at the time it was submitted
several months ago. The Governor,
however, had more recently undergone
a change of opinion, expressing a de
sire -. that the superintendents and
teachers agree upon some plan that
may be considered with a view of ul
timately bringing about an increase of
salary.
The superintendents are united in the
belief that principals of schools should
receive not less than $100 a month and
that the teachers be paid not less than
$75.
A bill will be framed for presenta
tion at the next session of the State
Legislature in which such provisions
will be incorporated to be agreed upon
by the leading educators. In order to
devote to-morrow afternoon to a
sight seeing tour, the convention will
not adjourn until Friday.
Special Dispatch to The Call
San Diegaii Urges Increase
of State and County Rate
and Levy of District Tax
Congressman Bell Receives
an Invitation to Ride in
the Hearst Band Wagon
The battle in the Second Congres
sional District promises to be an open,
fair 'fight on party principles. The can
didates are rarely named in advance
of the regular nomination by conven
tion. It is regarded as an accepted fact
that Bell of Xapa will be the Demo
cratic nominee and it is equally certain
that the able and eloquent Duncan E.
McKinlay will carry the standard of
ih<- Republican hosts in the district. It
if noted that the Republicans are unit
< d and enthusiastic in support of Mc-
Kinlay. They are confident that he can
redeem the district and place it again
'in the Republican column. The Sec
ond District embraces the counties of
Mendocino. Glenn. Colusa, Butte. Sut
ler, Yuba. Sacramento, Yolo, Lake,
Napa. Sonoma and Marin. In the gen
eral election of 1902 the number of votes
cast in the district for Representative
Congress was 4 3.813.
The Examiner's extended report of
the reception at Napa to Congressman
Htil caused a deal of comment and
merriment in the Democratic camp. The
Hearst bandwagon now seems larffe
enough to accommodate both Livernash
and the Democratic Congressman from
•.he Second District. At last accounts
Llvernash had not apologized for call
i-ng Hell's Round Valley reservation bill
a land grab, but the apology may come
before the adjournment of the Santa
Cruz convention. •
It Is common gossip that Judge A.
G. Burnett of Sonoma County will be
chosen chairman of the convention at
Sacramento on Wednesday, May 18.
Orrin Henderson of San Joaquin
County is spoken. of for chairman of
the Republican Stale Central Commit
tee.
Delegates to the Republican State
Convention, chosen at the primary elec
tion on Tuesday, May 3, will caucus at
Gruels Hall next Monday evening.
.BURNETT FOR CHAIRMAN
PROF.- BLACK'S SCHEME
Question of Higher Salaries
Is Exploited at the Sup
erintendents' Convention
Carnegie Institution Will Be Located Near Qne of
• the State's Oldest Missions and the 5uil(ding Will
Be Equipped ] With -All the Modern Conveniences
Delegates From This City
to the Republican State
" Convention Will Caucus
TALK IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
PLAN TO RAISE
TEACHERS' PAY
SAN LUIS OBISPO'S NEW
LIBRARY NOW ASSURED
THE SAN /: CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1901.
4
ADVZBTISEaiENTS.
r 'PLACETOBUV
GOOD G/ZOCeft/E6
/®».BfS. MARKET,
§f i^ STREET.
TEL. SOUTH 1088.
3-DAY SPECIALS.
j GROCERIES AND LIQUORS
SHKEDDED CODriSH,pk£'.r»<«
Tor "Srvf Kn;land Breakfast."
R'K 10o
BOTAX BAKING POWDEE,
pound can !J."i«*
CALirOEKXA CHEESE,lb|() ( .
Full cresta. Mlvrhtv cb^ap. -
EASTLHN PICKIC irawry
5 lb ...8HP
' •: Fine for boiling. Fresh tmokM
and sweet
CE.EAMEEY BUTTTEK, 2- f
lb square 4O<*
Her' known brandsr. Oueranteed,
'full w^tirht. TO-DAY ONLY.
SaKKOB'S'S BBEAKPAET
I B ACOV, lb 1 5c
* Extra select cut. Llrbt, lean.
R*g. 20c.
) JAVA and COSTA XZCA
¦ ' COFPEE, Xb
Idf-al blend. Flavor and strength
and lot? of It. Reg 'Me.
IMPORTED OLIVE OIL, V4- " -
< rallcn can 7."»c
Genuine Italian. R^g $1.'
EOKE - MADE M A B M A-
- LADES, 2 ;an li^O
• Product of Callforr.la's choicest
oranres and sugar, Reg. 20c
SWISS CHEESE, lb *».-»<;
Importf^l. To-day and to-mor-
. . row. Res: Clo
YOUJTO HYSON TEA, lb..:{O«-
\ Rich, frarrant. . Economical tea
' ? valum. Rpg. BOc v -v ¦-.,- i
"OUXaVSSS' POETEB, floz..
- ..V ftl.7.%
Genuine 'English Stout." R»g.
•2.10
OLD CBOW and HEBKIT-
3 AGE WHISKEY, quart
bottle «>5c
W A. Gaines A Co.. Louisville.
Ky ltttt. Re*. $1.25
LDtBIO'S MALT EXTRACT.
• Aosea Sl.ftO
i m For blood and brain, nerve and '
muscle — for h'8lth. strength, life
and vitality. Tleg. $2.00.
? SMTBVA FIGS, pica; K c
n+* 10c alre.
SPTZVO'S MALT WHIS-
KEY, bottle .|J,"5e
.DieUllery bottling. Purest of all
of them.- even superior to "Duf-
fy's." Reg; 00c. /.
I KU3STTEB BYE WEISKEY,
bottle ... 81.CO
MELIWOOD WHISK BY,
- bottle roc
• - Bottled In bond — 1KM5. R»if. $1.00.
GALAZAB'S PBTV ATE
POBT, gallon 91.OO
Extra selected port wine. A treat
for your friends — a welcome for
the elekroora— purest wine made -
in California. Rer. • $1.60. -
williams it soars'
SCOTCH WVtSXBT.bot.95c
Gold medals— London." Parts. , Mel- ¦
bourne. Hig'hest t>*pe , of rood
"'old Scotch." Res;. $1.25.-,
Send tor estimates on Alaska
orders. "Will beat them aU."
OCEAN TBAVEL.
c p>^. Steamer* leava- Broadway
/tS^-^—xQivy wharves, piers 9 and 11.
f^fY^ an Francisco,
/flj t|J sa \J\ For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
I I \Vt1 \ I r ' :r - H "U. Halnes. Bkagway.
I \ inlrfl f I ** to -- Alaska — 11 a. m.. May
\*\ V Vefl •'•• 10 ' 15 « a> « 2 s ' M - Jun » ¦*•
vyOJ^'XJy Change to f:otnpany*a »t-am-
N5?t«rtV'/ eT * at S*att»e.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Tuwni-nJ, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. D-!-
II r -ham- 11 a. m.. May S. 10. IS. 3>. 23. 3O.
Jun* 4. Change at Beattl* to this company'^
stcaroeri (or Alaska aad O. N. Ity.; at SnattI*
or Tacoroa tj N. I'. Ity.. at Vancouver to
C P. Ry-
For Eur»ka (HuinhCidt Eay>— Pomona. 1:SO
p m. May «. 1U. 14. 22. 28; 8pokan«. l:3O
p m . May I. 7. 13. 1»: Corona, May 33. 31.
For l."» Angeles <vla Purt Loa Aacelea and
Rcdondo). Hart Dle«o and Banta Barbara —
Santa, Ko*a. Hundays. 9 a. m.
Stdte of California. Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For L(W Ar.^1 • <v1a Kan Pedro and East
flan l'-'ir •>. fanta Harbara. Par.ta Crux. Mont-
t» r»y. Kan S!rr.-< n. Cayuco*. Port Harford (Saa
Luis OblspA). Ventura and llucneme.
Uonlta. l» a. m.. May 7. 15, 23. 31. June S.
Panta Cruz. 0 a. m.. (freight only) May 11. 19.
For Enmrnatla. Magdalena Bay. San Jose <tel
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par, Santa, Ro-
salia. Gusyrcaa <M»x.i. 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. Kor further Information obtain foldtr.
Kit fit Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OrnCXS- 4 New Montgom-
ery *t- <Palare IIot«IM<> Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Oflce, 10 Market at.
C. D. Dl'NA.N.V, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. SO Butter- at., win
rail for and check bag?a«e from hotels and
residences.. Telephone Exchange 312.
American inra.
Plymouth — Charbourr — South am j> ton.
Krom NVw TTork. f>aturday», !»:.;i> a. ra.
Philadelphia May 21jOerma.nlc June ?
St. Louis May 2SISt. Paul June 11
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LI5E.
New York— London Dtxect.
Minneapolis May 21. 1O:3O a. m.
Mesaba May 28. 9 a. in.
Mlnnetunka June *. 10 a. m.
Mtunehaha June 11. 3:30 p. m.
Only flrst-rlass pass"n(*rs carried.
.' - DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea panaags.
Canada May 2!{Kenslagton June t
Labrador May 2Si Dominion June 11
HOLLAND-AMERICA LI2TE.
New Twin-Hcrew Steamers of l-J.Soo Tons.
Wow Toxk — Botterdaja, VI* Boulog-na.
Sa!'.lr.« Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Ryndatn May 24 sUatendam June 7
Noordam May 31,'Potsdam June It
BED STAB X.IITE.
• ¦ " New York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York. Saturdays at 10:3O a. ra.
Zeeland May 2l|Vaderland June 4
Finland .May ZSlKroontand June 11
WHITE STAB LINE.
New York — Queen-town — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Majestic. May 23.10 amjTeutonlc.Jun* •. 10 am
Arabic... May 27, 4 pm,Celtlc. . .June 10. 3 pm
Oceanic June 1. S ami Cedric. ..June IS. 6 am
Boston — Qaeeaitown — LlverpooL
Cymric May 19. June Id. July 14
Cretlc June 2. June, SO. July 2*
Republic <new> June 11. July 7. Ausr. II
BOSTON MEDITERRANEAN SERVICE.
' Aaores. Gibraltar. Naplts, Genoa.
CANOPIC May 28. July j
ROMANIC June IS. July 30. Sept. 17
C. V. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
. r . . 21 Post st., San Francisco.
NOME
-AND— c
ST. MICHAEL
. . DntECT.
S. SrPORTLAND
CAPTAIN J. M. HATS.
¦<Carryln». U. 8. -.'Malls.)
•FROM .8 AN" FRANCISCO DIRECT.
7V\AY >21 (about)
I Taklnr freight for
TOPKUK and SOLOMON
' DIRECT
AND ALL YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Freight and Pasaage Apply to
NOBTHEBH COMMEBCIAI, CO.
C23 CronnHy bulldin;. cor. Mission and New
Montgomgry sta.. 8an Francisco.
jiamburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service.
IOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURO
THE QBE AT OCEAN PI.YEB.
S. S. Deutschland
6S6H ft. long— •Z\% knots average apeed.
Sails May 12. June 9. July 7. Aug-. 4.
•Deutschland . .May ISlMBluecher May 2ft
Pennsylvania ..May 14 Belgravta May 23
Patricia May 2t *tMoltke June 2
Palatla May JSIPretorta June 4
•Ha.i grillroom and tgymnaslum on board.
HAMXTUBQ-AMERICAIT I.12TE.
- Otflcee. 3d and 37 Uroa-lway. New York
HERZOG A CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA 8T.'
i Hare Island and Valleio Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Suad«y
Sunday, 8:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallaia
7 a. m., 12:30 and t p. m.. exctot Sunday
Sunday . 7 a. in.. 4:13 p. m. Far* 50 c«n**I
Tel. Main 15C&. Plar 2. MUiloa-su 4oc*.
HATCH BROS. '
BORAXOLOGY
The first lesson in Boraxology is bath-
0 * 0 gy_how to take a bath that really
cleanses*
Like all good ologies, it is simple — put
BORAX in the bath water-
And if you ask "why,? the Boraxoio-
gist answers^ it softens the watei
and thereby doubles the cleansing power/ 1
BORAX cleanses the pores and makes the
skin white and healthy*
But like most every good thing, Borax
is imitated and adulterated*
Be mulish — kick when you don't get
20-MULE-TEAM BRAND* At
Druggists and Grocers, % A, l /i and J-lb«
packages*
Tfae famous "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to pcrctajen of
"20-Muk-Team Borax." At stores oe seat for BOX TOP and 4c in staaips.
Pacific Coast, Borax Co^ New York, Chicago, Saa Frandsco.
Twenty Mule Teata— Our Trade Mark.
Come to me and k' t a ropr of the
San Francisco
Official Street
Railway Directory
Price 50c.
I alito have a flu- linr 6t \~E8T
PlX'KtTT MAPS of th» rlty at l.-.c.
DK WITT'S lateat map of and
eai.l^ to Frar»-I«fo. JtSi*.
HOI'VENIU HOOKS. .%<>«•, 75c.
I fl.
j SOITVKNIK PLATING rARD?,
ppr park. ft.
All ih.- latest styles In ntat!nn«ry
j at my usual low prices.
THAT MAN PITTS
1003 MARKET STHEBT.
Above Powell st..
; SAN FRANCISCO.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
. Azores. Gibraltar, Naples. Genoa..
CANOPIC May 2S. July 2. Aug. 27
R(.MAXIC June IS. July 30. Sept. 17
Th*s* steamtrt are thr larxeat in the j
M'tllti-rranean service. First class $S0 up-
ward.. Bend for rates and Illustrated booklet. ;
Boston to Liverpool Qn .«*.tow« .
CYMTilc: May I». June 16. July 14
CHETIC... ;..Jnne 2. June 30. July 2>*
nKPCBLIC ..June 9. July 7. Au*. 11
i First ctass. $C0 and $63 upwards, accord-
Ing to steamer.
Forxplasm. etc.. apply to
C. D. TAYLOR. PBssrngfr Agent Paclflc
Coast. 21 Post St.. San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
- Steamers will leave wharf, corner First *a<i
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, catling at Kobe (Hlos;o).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and 'connecting *t
Hongkong with strainers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
8 8. AMERICA MARU :
Thursday, May 13. 1S<H
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. - For freight and passage apply at Cora,
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner Flr»t.
v W. H. AVERY. General Aunt. -
a. #?.'.** n. co.
OREGON sails April Zt. May 7. 17. 27 Jon.
6. IS and 26. GEO. W. ELDER Balls May -
12. 22. June 1. 11 and 21. Only steamship \\7i
in PORTLAND. OR.. 'and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through ticket*
to all points. Steamar tickets Include b? r -i»
and meals. ' Steamer sails foot of Spear st \r
11 ». m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. A»t p M "t
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st: C CLFFFORD G«a.
Agent Freight Pept..- 3 Montgomery st. T
oirsci Uste to ?*Hin
S. 6. ALA MED A. for Honolulu. May 14 n a m
8. 8. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa' Aurk
land and Syndey. Thurs.. May 28 2*d m!
8. S. MAR1POSA. for Tahltlt. May 20. n , m
I.D.SPRICKELS k BROi C0.,A2ts/,TiC*et 021C3 6t3 Hu-
tttst., rnigitofflci329Miri2tSL, ftsr 7. Pdsnj a
1>1KECT LINE TO HAVWj. 1>AJU " B11 ' iUk ,
. balling every Thursday instead of Srai
taturday, at 10 a. m.. trom Pier 42. -^iiri^r
North River, foot of Morton st. !
Fl«t class to Havre. $70 and upward. 8««.
ond cUss to , Havre. »t3 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. '32 (Hudson building).
Jt«w Ycrk. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Cua«
Agents,. 5 Mentgomery avenue. Rait Francisco.
Tickets soW by all Baiiroad Ticket Ag.eau. ~,
ADVERTISEMENTS. __^_^_
j^te^i^H nLFnIGEnATDnS
B?^B!|^ffS^iBs^sssBsslBlssssWiHPn^^slSas^KM^* •*% 1 ••¦••¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦bb- s ¦ , ... .George Smiley, who says he is a
waiter, was arrested yesterday after
noon by Corporal Egan and Patrol
man P. McNamara on a charge of hav.
ing entered and robbed the renovatory
of J. M. Richards at 44 East street last
Sunday night. After being brought to
the City Prison Smiley confessed the
burglary to Detectives Mulcahy and
Q'Dea. He took about fifteen suits of
clothes, several of which have been
recovered
Loots a Renovatory.
LEAVENWORTH,; Kas., May 11.—
Colonel Duncan, commanding officer at
Fort /tLeavehworth,^ is ; in receipt of a
telegram I from -the -'.War 'Department
stating" that; President 1 Roosevelt has
approved the sentence dismissing First
Lieutenant ¦Frederick -W.- Mills of the
Seventh- Infantry-'; from", the. . army.
Lieutenant -Mills, : whose, home i'is in
Albany,. N. -Y. f has : been .'Under.i arrest
in 'tne, hospital; here" since December 8,
soon after his. return from , the Philip
pines. J He M now* at liberty. v" .
Mills; was trie«i, by courtmartial on
three-charges,^duplicating his <pay ac
count, making -false .official . statements
and .'refusing :¦¦ t- ¦¦ pay,/ bills • he \ owed
merchants.. 'In addition 'he was report
edV for,- neglect and found' deficient in
the,flpal examination while attending
the staff college as a student officer
here last year. ; He was allowed to join
his regiment after his college -term
President Approves of the
Findings ; in Case of Lieu
tenant MUls of New York
Would* Enjoin the Police.
: . E. Lozior and other owners of lodg
ing-houses in Belden place yesterday
asked the Superior* .Court to. issue an
injunction restraining tba police from
interfering with them in the conduct
of their business. ¦ They, also ask for
$10,000 damages for injuries sustained
by them ¦ because of raids upon their
premises recently made by the police.
" In Judge Seawell's court yesterday
Judgment in favor* of the Svea Insur
ance Company, defendant in the suit
of W. Rigby Jr. to recover $5000 in
surance on the steamer Glenora, which
was burned on the Yukon last March,
was ordered entered. The policy was
assigned to Rigby by R. P. McLennon,
to whom it was assigned by Joseph
Genelle, the owner of the vessel. The
court holds that Rigby cannot recover
because the transfers were made "by
way of pledge and were not bona flde
gales. A similar judgment was ente'red
in the case against the Providence
Washington Insurance. Company,
which was also sued by Rigby.
Cannot Recover Insurance.
ARMY OFFICER
IS DISMISSED
ended, but engaged in a controversy
with Colonel Miner as to his conduct
while a student officer. He was order
ed ¦ to return from the Philippines to
face acourtmartial when. the addition
.al charge of duplicating his pay check
turned up.
The unfortunate man was knocked
down and run over. Gregory stopped
the machine and conveyed the injured'
man to the Harbor Hospital. James
sustained a severe laceration of the
scalp, contusions of the arm and leg
and was injured about the abdomen
and internally.
Although his condition was serious
James refused to remain at the hos
pital and was taken to \ his home by
Gregory. .
Frank James, lieutenant of fire
patrol No. 1, was run down last night
by an automobile run by Fred W.
Gregory of 1878 Market^street. and
owned by the White Automobile Com
pany. James was alighting from a
Market street car at the corner of
First street and did not see the ap
proaching, machine.
Frank James Alights From Street Car
and Is Struck by a Speeding
Automobile.
LIEUTENANT OF FIRE
PATROL IS RUN DOWN
Park Superintendent McLaren has
been given a leave of absence to visit
his old home in Scotland. His friends
have decided that he should have an
auspicious start on his long- Journey,
and accordingly have planned to ten
der him a farewell reception. The date
for the affair has not yet been set.
Will Honor McLaren.
Lawrence Lindsay, a soldier, was
arrested at the Presidio yesterday by
Detective Bailey on a warrant from
Police Judge Fritz's court charging
him with burglary. It is alleged that
on the night of May 3 the defendant
entered a room at 45 Stockton street
and stole a revolver. This was booked
as evidence against him. Lindsay says
he went to the room with a woman
and gav^her a $5 gold piece to buy
some liquor, but as she did not return
he took the revolver in payment of
his coin.
Soldier Accused of Burglary.
W. B. Forman, who had been for
3'ears a salesman for the Dunham-
Carrigan Company, died yesterday as
the result of poisoning from illuminat
ing gas, at his residence, 790 Lyons
street. He had been under medical
treatment for the past two years for
nervous prostration and had recently
been an inmate of a private sanita
rium. He was also subject to spells
of melancholia.
Mr. Forman's wife left home last
Monday at 11 a. m. She returned at
1:30 p. m. and found the door of the
front room locked on the inside and
'detected a strong odor of illuminating
gas. Mrs. Forman sent her 13-year
old son, Harold, after assistance, and
the door was then forced open. For
man, fully dressed, was lying on the
floor, alive but unconscious. Gas was
escaping from an open burner.
Dr. Thomas McDonald, the family
physician, and another doctor were
summoned and worked upon -the un
conscious man until 8:30 o'clock yes
terday morning, at which hour For
man died. He never recovered con
sciousness.
Forman was a native of New York
City and 50 years old.
W. B. Forman Turns on the Gas and
Medical Skill Falls to Counter
act the Poison.
ENDS HIS LIFE WHILE
TEMPORARILY IN'SAXE
President of the Republic Telegraphs
to Washington That There Is >"o g
Fear of an Uprising.
v WASHINGTON, May 11.— Minister
L*ger of Hayti this afternoon com
municated the following statement to
the press:
"According to a telegram just re
ceived from the President of the re
public there is no trouble in Hayti;
there is not even any fear of an up
rising in the country, which is per
fectly quiet."
DENIES TRUTH OF STORY
OF TROUBLE IX HAYTI
Though the members of the Retail
Florists' Association met with defeat
in their efforts before the Board of
Supervisors to prevent the establish
ment of flower marts and the sale of
buds and blossoms on the streets, they
do not intend to accept the decision of
the board as final. This Is evidenced
by the filing yesterday by Frank P.
Shibeley of 311 Sutter street, a mem
ber of the association, of a suit for an
injunction permanently enjoining the
Board of Public Works from issuing
the permits to street peddlers of flow
ers. Shibeley holds that if the ped
dlers are allowed to take up three feet
of space-at the outer edge of the side
walk for a display of flowers the rights
of pedestrians will be Interfered with
in an unwarrantable manner. Shibe
ley says he is a taxpayer and a law
abiding citizen and he protests against
the alleged infringement.
The suit was assigned to Judge
Sloss. When Shibeley's attorneys pre
sented a temporary restraining order
to Sloss for his signature "the Judge
refused to sign it, holding that he
could not Issue the order on the com
plaint filed. He promised, however, to
give them a further hearing to-day.
Frank P. Shibeley Applies for- In
junction Preventlns: Works Board
From Issuing Permits.
LEGAL FIGHT AGA1XST
-FLOWER MARTS STARTED
Disheveled and tearful, her skirt torn
to shreds and her feet through the soles
of her shoes, the forlorn woman applied
this afternoon to the County Commis
sioners for a ticket to take her to her
home, where she has four other small
children. Her husband was killed in a
mine a year ago, and she has since
made a living by raising chickens and
selling eggs.
OMAHA. Neb., May 11.— Mrs. Emma
Smith, a widow of Helena, Mont/ ar
rived in this city to-day penniless, hav
ing been put off a train in Iowa,
with her baby, after she had been
robbed of her pocketbook containing
her ticket home and 55 in silver.
Two weeks ago she started for Can
ton, Ohio, where she arrived in time to
bury her father. The expense of the
trip had consumed practically her en
tire savings. After she boarded the
train at Chicago she showed her ticket
to the conductor and went to sleep.
Early in the morning another con
ductor called for the ticket, and it was
gone, and she was put off the train.
She walked ten miles through the mud
to Missouri Valley, carrying her baby.
A freight train conductor there picked
her up and brought her to Omaha and
gave her Jl to buy food.
Special EMspatch to The Call
¦ - ' ' . ]
•Powder Explodes in Drift;
at Herrin, Illinois, and]
A Sends Five Men to Doom!
•: :. ¦ — —
I CARBONDALE, 111- May 11 —In an j
.'explosion to-day in the shaft of the Big i
. Muddy Coal and Iron Company, in
'H.errin, five men were killed, five seri
"ciusiy injured and twenty others
Vlishtly hurt. The dead:
• "JitHX MILLER.
DICK REINS.
FK1TZ SEIBERG.
' EVAN WILLIAMS.
- .THOMAS GREEN.
. Fatally injured: John Swofferd, ¦
Frank Lazonia, Angelo Scaronia.
£ix keps of powder had been placed in ]
•the mine during the time intervening j
"»»etween the night and day shifts for ;
distribution to the men in the morning.
3ohn Sillier, a driver, had charge of the
distribution of the explosives. Ten j
•-minutes alter Miller was supposed to !
•have accomplished his task the electric j
current which runs the mine machines
was turned on and the explosion fol- j
lowed. It is supposed that through some j
' .mistake the current was switched on j
hf foro Miller distributed the powder j
paid threw a spark into an open keg.
Bobbed of Ticket on Train,
She Is Compelled to Walk
Ten Miles Through Mud
MINERS MEET
AWFUL DEATH
MONTANA WIDOW
HAS HARD TRIP
The recognition involves the protec
tion of this property by the United
States Government in case of need.
The Belgian stockholders, it is said, are
very desirous that the United States
shall assume this attitude toward the
road, as there is some danger that the
property may come into conflict with
the interests of son»e European nations
which are extending their spheres of
influence in China. It is said there is
precedent for the manner of action de
cided on in the case of the Panama
Railroad Company, organized under an
American charter, but the control of
%vhich passed into French hands for a
term of years, notwithstanding which
our Government regarded it as an
American corporation.
WASHINGTON. May 11.— The ad
ministration has concluded to continue
to recognize the Canton railroad .as an
American institution notwithstanding
the fact that a majority of the stock
of the corporation recently passed into
the hands of Belgian capitalists. This
company was organized under the laws
of New Jersey and a majority of the
original stock was held in this country.
The line Is to run from Canton to Han
kow and will connect with the railroad
from Peking. It is understood that
about ten miles of road have, been con
structed.
Protection Will Be Given
Should ail Occasion Arise,
as Precedent Is Extant
PRESIDENT IS CITED
United States to ' Recognize
Company, Though Bel
gian* Own the Stock
CANTON ROAD
IS AMERICAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. MAY < 12; 1904.
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
soap in stick form; con-
venience- and economy in
f Itfis the best and cheap-
est shaving soap.
j Bold all over the worW.
DARTLETT
There are springs at Bartlett whose
waters are more valuable than these
at some of the noted resorts of Cali-
fornia, and much that is on the mar-
ket, but they do not compare with
the water from the great BARTLETT
SPRING. 2
If you, are planning for a vacation,
seeking health and refireation. take a
trip to Bartlett. where the health-
gfving waters are- furnished' free,
with all kinds of amusements to en-
tertain the guests. . ¦
•VRates— Hotel, $12 to $17.50 per
week. Housekeeping cottages, $3 to |
515 a week.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bartlett
Springs, Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter
street, San Francisco.
¦
["NEW" SANTA CRUZ |
CONTINUOUS ENTERTAINMENT
DAT AND NIGHT.
JUNE. JULY, AUGUST and
¦ SEPTEMBER;
Something* Doing- All the Time.
New mammoth casino and bathing: pa-
vilion; the finest in the West.
New tent city on the beach.
New 500-foot pleasure pier.
Daily military band concerts.
Dances every evening.
Brilliant electrical illuminations.
New and novel water sports, boating and
flshlne;.
Safest and best surf bathing on the
Coast; no undertow.
Finest climate; grandest drives; largest
trees.
'Most amusement* of any resort on the
Coast.
Special excursion ticket? at reduced rates
from all points by S. P. Co.. to
1 "NEW" SANTA CRUZ~}
M ARK WEST
•"¦«!?¦• SPRIN6S
Mrs. J. D. Drcsl and Mrs. H. Koemer will
manage the springs; many improvements; new
cement bathhouse and gas -alt over place; $2
day; $10 and $12 week. Office 833 Larkln .St.,
cot. Geary, or Mark West Springs, Santa Rosa.
Rural No. 6. "
Harbin Springs
Most desirable in Lake Co.; contains sulphur,
iron.' magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney. liver and stomach
troubles: new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, home dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Round trip tickets, S. P. office, $7. J. A.
HAYS, Proprietor.
nil IV A II Hot Sprlnes; on line South-
My II I I Bl ern Pacific; 2tf hours from
K I K I I Ml S an Francisco: .'! trains
111 111 dally; luxurious mineral
LI I I I \J I 1 and mud baths; hotel
unique In cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau, 613 Market St., Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery et., or H. R. ."WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs, California.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to the
mest picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line .n the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays exceptcd) at 11:30 a. m.,
direct to Harbin, Seigler, Adams. Howard, An-
derson, Hobergs, Spiers, Astorgs and Glenbrook;
half hour for lunch at Calistoga; also to M)d-
dletown. Lower Lake, Kelsey ville ami Lakariort.
Livery In connection. f WM. SPIERS,' 1'rop.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Extensive improvements thia year. A new
spring found which will effect more cures In a
day than the other waters In a week; 15 miner-
al springs. We guarantee cure for dyspepsia,
kidney, liver, stomach, rheumatism, blood, skin
diseases, etc. $10 to $16 per week. Information
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.. or J. ?dAR-
TENS. Batchelor P. P.. Lake County, Cal.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Mountains,
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau,
; II Montgomery, or S. P. Co.. 613 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prpp.. Ben Lomond, Cai.
BOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S ?{« t h u St
No fog. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tonic and Invlgorator. Residence 29 years. $7
per week. Woodworth & Muller. St. Helena. Cal.
DEDfiCH EIM ' Delightfully attuated In the
DCKUjUCliU Santa Crux Redwoods. Rates
|7 and $8 per week. For circulars address O.
'K. BIEDENWEO. R. D. 121. Santa Cru», Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/pips BOYS'
Jlr SCHOOL SHOES
JlSil^iSy THIS IS BOYS' VVEIiK AT THE
*^"$$&L. PROFIT-SHARING SHOESTORE.
Sspg£&x V " E WANT TO GET ACQUAINT-
ffi¥SR 3 ir*8£\ Kl) WITH EVERY HOY IN TOWN
~<^s^^S^\M*l§kv AND IN ORDER TO DO SO WE
ARE OFFERING SOME SPECIAL
VALUES THIS WEEK.
TUST LIKE THE PICTURE, SIZES 8 TO n 31.OO
SIZES 13H to 2 $!.!<?
SIZES 2Yt to 5 9f»25
A DRESS SHOE FOR A LITTLE HIGHER PRICE.
MANY GOOD VALUES FOR GROWN PEOPLE. SEE OUR
WINDOWS.
PROFITS SHARED WITH OUR CUSTOMERS.
(^$tf*&Kl£!f^h BUCCESSOB TO
JW^^^^l NOLAN BROS.
SHOE v*J- V
r-mUI-"I imditii rMlVTiT 812-814 MARKET ST.
PHELAN BUILDINQ 9-n ofarrell st.
CAZADERO
Til* Oexn of All STortatrn aatreat*.
Orovt, Toreat. Olade and D«U.
•Creat. Canyon, Kill and Oal*.
Knoll. Xnob, FMk and Mountain.
The home of the trout and th* baunt of th»
deer. Reached over the North Shor» Ry.. TU
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ago I leaaed thi.i resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
tell you that, owing to last season's big and
unprecedented patronage. I have purchased t!»t»
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties, insur.'ne the beet of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreatioa
a new building containing a bowling alley has
been added, also a new t-nnls court, and boat-
ing and bathing on the river, all free to guests.
Free camping-grounds in the Cazadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must be compiled with.
Lota, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $10*
up. and cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Sausalito Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip, good for six months, $3 73.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. $3; no stag-
ing: depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages. $2 per day; $10 'to $14 per week; spe-
cial rate by the month.
• For partienlars other than herein given writ*
J. J. THIRION'. owner and manager. Hotel d«l
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Snore
R. R. office. 628 Market St.. San Francisco.
VACATION 1904
IS NOW BEADY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"VACATION" is -ssued an-
nually by the
"""¦¦-¦-.'".'<'-. '¦¦ j" '.'¦""'' "'¦ "•-,¦ *.¦'•¦*' "."."'
California Northwestern R'y
3HX nCTTOISQTJE BOUTS 0T CAUrOftKIA
and is the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for Informa-
tion regarding
i
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN. AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS. .
This year's edition. "Vacation -1"'
1904," contains over 150 pages,
beautifully Illustrated, and is
complete In Its detailed Informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc.. with
terms from $7.00 per week up.
' ¦
T© be had at Ticket Offices. €30 Marine
Street (Chronicle Bulldisg). and Tiburon Ferr7«
foot of Market Street; General Office. Mutual
Life Bulldlsg. .corner of Sanaome and California
Streets, San Francisco; -in Oakland at 973
Broadway.
Applications by Mall Will Eecelre Zm-
mediata Response.
H. C. WHITINO. GenT Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Cen'l Passr Agent.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guerneville in a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam In the river; 4 mile*
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults $2 per day. $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special ratea for fami-
lies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CXO-
PIUS. Camp Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. Cal. »
OwnSummer He? 5 'gssfo* CaiDMeefcr
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $10
up; cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; depot;
¦torea: restaurant; hotel; post and express:
telephone; sawmill; 900 lots sold; 300 coUit-t
built. Sausallto ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C
MEEKER. Camp . Meeker. Sonoma County.
Napa Soda Springs.
- The famous mountain health and plsaaur*
reaort la now ooen for the pmtronare of tn«
pnbllc Addreea JOHN JACOBS:
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Improved alnee last eeasoa.
Opens April 1. THOS. U BELL, Mgr.. Feltoa.
Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge.
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00.
LOS GATOS. :
HOTEL LYNDON — Modern lmprovementa,
extensive grounds; popular amuaementa; lawa
tennis, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Opposite
depot. J. P. MOGENSOX. Prop.
H. 8. B. ». TOCrt LOW\M Maria C».
Bert rand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
special rates for families and parties; fishing,
hunting boating, bathing; beautiful drives to
Bear Valley: telephone. , JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Bulletin Office, every Thursday. 2
to 4 p. m. ¦ ¦ -. ¦ .. • " .
PrSCADZBO.
Swanton House, under new management.
popular hotefof San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages ' beautiful grounds. - famous pefcbl*
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Phoo*.
Rates, $S and $10 per week. C. C. LUCK.
Proprietor. • ¦ . .
LISTDITEB'S PASX, OnernertUa,
A resort for your family. Partly furnlshnd
cottages. $12 per month and up. Tents and
platforms. Near Russian River. Board and
room at $7 50 per week. See PECK'S. IX
Montgomery st. ¦ ' ' - j
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable In Lake
Co.; contain sulphur, iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, paralysis, dropsy, kidney, liver and
stomach troubles; new gymnasium, bowline
alley handball court and billiard room. Round-
trip tickets. S. P. office. $8. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
_ 5^ -
MOUNTAIN TTETT XA2ICX HOTSXi
and cottages, in the mountains, near Sant*
Cruz. First-class table and accom.. gaa, baths.
pr.cne. dally mall bowling, croquet, amuse-
ments: terms, $9 up. Campers to Glenwood. inc.
carriage. $3 "5 round trip. FR.CSK R- DAMN.
Santa Crua- Fredertcksen A Button. Managers.
OCClDilJTAI. HOTXTXn HAYWASDS,
First-clasa resort; tennis, croquet, bowltns.
amusement hall. etc. Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. OAUDARD. Pro*, phone
Black 141. - ¦¦ ¦ ¦
lEBWOOD TO<U XXSOXT.
Excellent board. hom« cooking; tent grouncj.
If desired, with board. $3. Room and board S3
to $10. ¦ Best hunting and fishing. JIR& A. fc.
ACKERMAN. La Honda. San Mateo County.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located In
redwoods 5 miles from Santa Crua. Sprtns
water, fruit, inilk. excellent tabte: daily mall;
free conveyance: $7 week; phone Suburban 87.
MRS. W. CRAXDELL. Santa Cruz. Cal.
B££Xj£VTTE HOTX1. El Vsrano. So-
noma Co.. Cal Terms.. $l ; day and up: hot
mineral springs near by. Lowe distance tale.
Phone! daily mall. JOHN SERRES. Proprl«tor.
SCKAErER'S OSOTS- BOSS TAUET.
Private boarding: terms reasonable. Teaa»
me«ts Sunday morning trains. Address MRS.
MATT LINDSAY. Rosa Station.
TO MT — Cottage of 4 furnished rooms
for housekeeping at Camp Meeker: grsrid
i view above lake. Call or addreas J. A. H..
1720 Leavenwortn sfc
' . i i it i ri" <ii"-|riMiiiifTi'MM>a>l^^r
WHY NOT TRY .
Highlar)d
iFYOUARECOINCTOTIIE
Sprlpgs
WE OFFER YOU THE BEST OF MINERAL
waters, accommodations and - service.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. • Buildings - newly ¦ painted.
All the popular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, teleobone and postofflce.
Shortest ' route and cheapest fare i to Lake
County. -Most centrally - situated. Delightful
excursion! on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now,-
TERMS— $10 to $17 50 per week.. For Book-
let, etc.. call on jaur agent, 'H. R. DUFFIN.
838 Market- street, or address • -
CRAIG & KERR,
• . . ¦ •• . Highland Springs, Cal.
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2Q at '
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs saa u £ l 0l>lip<>
The most ideal reaort for pleasure and
health on th«. Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San Luis
Obispo, Cal.. and return. Including stage
to and . from springs and one week's
board for $20.00 to 932.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and a com-,
modations $O.OO to 912.00 per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing,
boating and flshinr on arrounds. Fine
shady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dancq pavilion, for guests. Fin* sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springa.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stace meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:15 d. m.
every day (except .Sunday).
-' This la do hospital or sanatorium.
(\lf m f\f\f\ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
LSK MUUO COUNTY; enly 4^ hour*
W*l#l y%* w fn)m gan Fr andsco and
«^""^™^"^ — "^™" but 9 miles staging; wa-
tera noted for 'medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State; boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek: good trout
streams ;. telephone, telegraph, dally mail, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; botb morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 SO. Take
Tiburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week.' References, any
gueet of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. . Information at -Tourist In-
formation Bureau. 11 . Montgomery St.. or .of
J. F. MUIjGREW. Skaggs. Cal.
PARAISO SPRINGS
-' .California.
The leading: summer resort of .Call-
fornla. Hot- soda and sulphur batha.
Excellent table. Concert by Bro-
haska's Band every day. Send s for
beautiful booklet and rates to
j T. W. SCHgQEPEB, MgT.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE 8BA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Crux County.
' REGULAR SEASON.
Will open May 15th under entirely new man-
agement. Round 'rip tickets from 8an Fran-
cisco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery at., S. F.. or to WILLIAM i*.
DODGE. Lessee. •
j ".. . ¦ ~ y.
i CAMP CURRY |
!' THE BEST ?
WEATHER FINE J
t FALLS FULL {
\ YOSEMITE {
SEIGLtR Springs
Natural Hot Baths. Positive cure for rheu-
matism asthma. - Wonderful waters for liver,
kidney and all stomach troubles. Swimming
pond, gymnasium. ' Orchestra. Hard-finished
rooms. Fare $9 return trip. Electric lights.
Arsenic beauty baths. Dairy. Rates $10 to 112
per week. Baths and amusements free. Address
H. H. McGowan. prop., Seigler, Lake Co., CaL
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland , of America. - The only lak«
resort that has its own. mineral aprlnga. Boat-
ing, swimming, | fiahing and hunting. EDGAR
DXJRNAN, sole proprietor. Laurel Dell I P. O..
Lako County. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles. from Uklah. Mendocino • County.
Natural electric waters. cbamoaKne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting;- crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
• J. A. REDEME YER, Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. • Two* miles from Hopland.
Tine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
GXtAZTD CEITTKA.lt HOTXXi.
Felton. Cal. Rates reasonable.
j -. - . MRS. L; N. HAYE3.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12:30;
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-passenger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Ban. I
let* Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. ¦¦¦ Tickets can be purchased at office
of California .N. W. Ry.. 650 Market St.. br
at Tiburon ferry.
• / • MILLER A HOWARD. Propa.
WHITE SUX-PHtTB SP2UNQS, VaUeJo,
CaL — Most accessible springs to San Francisco;
round trip $1. no stage fare; only 2% hours'
ride: 5 ' jnllea from Vallejo; hot. cold - and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and
stomach diseases.. Beautiful grounds and lake
for boating and bathing: . , Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle > board. - Rates.
$10 a week, including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID, Vallejo. CaL
. - 1 FOB - KENT— Nice 4-room cottage on
ranch, furnished ¦ for housekeeping. Address
MRS. E. SURRYHNE, Santa Rosa. Route 2,
Sonoma County, Cal r _ ,
,-»^i^2^3**^^—^^^55255^5^^*^^^^B^^^^^i5/f^HSwlBto'^ * ¦ •- "™^*gs^^ m^^*^^ c s *^^^^*^ -— — % / i \ § t-mm^^ J-*** k _'£_"'**^^^^^—^^^^ wfcifyBj mT w r? i^^Rk >\\ • y^ «
THE GEYSERS
The Most ramons Health and Pleasure
Resort la California. -
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged th*
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming: lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing,
dancing, ehuf He-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES, havt bNS
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will b« a zully equipped dairy and 11t-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. Ttaa
hotel, cottages, bath bouses and grounds ar«
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with th* beat the
market affords. Rates. $10. $12. $14 and $18
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers.
Sonoma County. California.
Agua Caliente
Springs
We have added many NEW,- attractions to
thi.i beautiful and romantic spot: open all the
year round: the nearest Plot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare fl 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st.',
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Callente
Springs, Sonoma County, California.
' We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can reat 400 guests.
&JrCAJ\CJUww
Situated in Vendome Park of 12 S
acres, a charming summer resort;
-both city and country advantages:
automobile garage on the grounds
; free to guests. Bathing pavilion,
howling alley?, tennis, etc. New au-
1 to road map of the county mailed on
application.
, J. T. BROOKS, Manager.
BL UVE
Ideal summer resort. hunUng, boating. fish-
Ing. Wustc every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O WEISMAN. Mldlake P. O..Lake county.Cal..
or call onDr. Happersberger.1104 Market. S. F.
LAKES
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Sltuated\on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boating, 'launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser In bathhouse, club-
house etc. increased accommodations, mxl-
ern conveniencea. Scenery unsurpassed. Table
a specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $16. Photos
and information at Chatfleld & Vinzent's. 22S
Montgomery st., or Capt. F. W. CLOUGH.
prop.. Soda Bay, Kelsey ville. P. O., Lako Co.,
Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswick. Slsklyou County. California,
Write to EPSON BROS, for Booklat.
PAPK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. J. D. CELLA, Mgr.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect: IB miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. For Information inquire at Traveler
office. 30. Montgomery -st.. Peck's Information
Bureau,' or Mrs. H. M. demons. Truckee, Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved; 1900 feet altitude; no
fcg: climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths: spring water; cement
swimming tank, 40x80. Rates $S week up; etaga
meets train. Schuler & Scheben. Napa. Cal.
IrjkJ^lSBra Awning's. Hammocks,
GfcSPII&gSgg^] W. A. FLvkHEB.
Tel. Main 549. Ill Clay at.
JOHANNISBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences ; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBTIRO JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
Fashion stables
GILROT, Cal. Direct line to Gilroy Hot
Springs. All open carriages; first-class turn-
outs; best stock In State; telegraph and phone
orders promptly attended to. H. T. MAYOCK,
Prop.
ADVXEXISEMENTS. j
Electro- Chemistry
CURES
When All Other Treatments Fail
Mr. J. C. rmnham wr*: "After all other
tr*2tn:?-nt6 had failed I have be«n perfectly
/¦Jrtd cf a constitutional catarrh that affected
•very crjan in the bo<Jy by Electro Chemistry.
Js tfcreo. month* time I have pained Zo pounds
in weight and I now feel perfectly weli iu
lejViy resj>ect."
. X (£:rn«Hl) J. C. DUNHAM. Rio Vista, CaL
• . ELECTR0-CHEM1C SPECIALTIES:
- • Electro-chemistry cures quickly, paln-
*¦ Jetsly and cheaply Cancers. Tumors, Old
. T71cers. Eezesia, Eheuaatitm. Weuralria,
Xrccomctor Atari a. Paralysis, Deafaess,
¦ - Eead SToises. Insomnia. Goitre, Brisrht's
"2Disea.se. Diabetes, Dyspepsia, Piles, all
diseases of the Stomach. Ziiver, Kidneys.
331ader and Ecvrrls, all XTervous Disease*
and Special Diseases of Men and Women.
- Prre examination, diagnosis, advice
<&d trial treatment.
EECTRO-GHEMIG INSTITUTE
118 GKAKT ATE, Cor. Post St,
SAN FRAKCISCO.
. OfCre hour* — 9 a., m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 6
j\ re. <Jally- Fundays — 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Berarat* apartment* for ladles and gentlemen.
ONLY A FOOL
W"ill take chances with his laun-
- -diy. bundles ' when our collection
service is always ready to call for
• and deliver them in a condition
pleasing to the most critical taste.
.UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1CO4 MABtET ETEEET.
Telephone Sontn 420.
*Weak Men aDd Women
SHOULD USE DA MI ANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; rives /health aai
»trt-C£is tu sexual crfiaita. Depot. ZZi ilfcxk*u <
ADVERTISEMENTS.
flavor anu *^
\ delightful fragrance •
Golden
Gate
Coffee
distinguish it from" j
, all others. It has the
j true flavor of rare
* old coffee. '
j 1 and 2 lb. aroma-tight tins.
' At high grade grocers.
\ J. A..FOLGER QCO.
¦ San Francisco ;
• Importers of Fin* Coffees ?
iMitii'rtimin ' ' ' *
¦ '¦''[¦¦ iOAKLAND, May 11.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Milton R. Can
non, over 21 years old. and Katharine
F. Baker, over, 15, both of. Oakland;
Patrick Crowley. 21, and Martha Col
lins, over- 13, .both of San Francisco;
Homer F. Pitman. 26, and Victoria
Cuka, SO, both of San Francisco.
Marriase Licenses.
OAKLAND, May 11.— The charge of
criminal libel preferred against Q.
Leidecker, editor of the Fruityale
Progress, was dismissed by Justice of
the Peace Quinn to-day.
Leidecker accused J. T. Grubb. a
Fruitvale school director, of having
collected commissions . on the school
printing: he had to give out- V. Me
dina, the printer * who did the work,
testified that Grubb had griven him
two different jobs and after getting
his figures had nearly doubled the
bills and pocketed the difference. Upon
this showing: Qulnn held that a charge
of libel against the. editor would * not
•Hick.
C. Leidecker Makes His Word Good
Before "Justice of tbe Peace
Ouinn.
DISMISSES CHARGE OF
OBEL AGAINST EDITOR
BERKELEY, May 11.— Veterans of
the Spanish war living in Berkeley
took the first steps last night to form
a permanent organization. They met
In _the offices of Newton & Needham
and temporarily organized by choos
ing August Vollmer chairman and W.
S. Wilde secretary. It was ascertained
that ISO veterans of the late war re
side ln Berkeley and these will be in
vited to join. Those present were
August Vollmer, W. S. Wilde. W. G.
Needham, P. A. Mix, H. W. Jones. B.
P. Baker, J. W. Annia. W. G. Dandy.
F. B/Begley and Payson Riggs.
Spanish War Men Organix**.
Mr. and Mtv Frank r>eanlorf and their
daughter. DcrstSy. have retarr.ed from Santa
Barbara, where tftey passed the winter a^d
spring seasons. The Evardorfs wl'.l leave the
latter rait of this month for China.
ALAMEDA. May 10— Professor C. D- Fer
rlne of Lick Observatory return** ts-dar t •
his post on Mocnt Hamilton, after ¦ vis:t
with his parents. Mr. and Mr*. Peter Fema
cf Alameda avenue.
Martin C- Bl*chcp of Kobe. Japan, will leave
ta-xnorrjw fcr hia hprre- in the Orient. H> *»*¦»
l»«s the ratst of tiv» family of J. C. Kifl-in
cf 141 1 * Cottage street few a ratmth past ¦
In her aUdrem before the Ebell Club yes
tert'ay in Oakland Mrs. Kale Bulkeley d«
vcted fivj n.'.nutes to the tubject of a club-'
house loaa tund. which.. It is proposed that
the Federation of Women's Clubs shall raise.
The Plan Is to gather $1000 and lend, the
amount to a tlub of fifteen university women,
who will :urnlsh a clubheuse according^ to
their own l.i.a.-. The sum will be rev-aH in
Installment* wull tbe whole Is returno-1 and
then the money will be lent to another -Mub of
women. There are 900 members of the federa
tion and Mrs. Bulkeley suggests ihat earh cf
these be assessed 10 cent* in order to ralsr
the sum necessary. Four women's clubs al
ready exist in Berkeley three of which were
founded w»th the aid of funds loaned by Mr*.
Hearst.
Professor TV. S Blasdale of the chemistry
department has b«jen granted a Hr» of ab
sence for a year during time he. will
devote hir;»*lf to research vrork at the Uni
versity of Berlin. His studies will be con
cerned rrincipa'.lr with electrolysis and quanti
tative analysis.
BERKELEY. May 11.— The members of the
senior class will hold a picnic next Tuesday
ln Co-ed Canyon. ThU outing Is designed to
take the place of the trip ta Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst's hcrne at PI«asantcn. a trip to which
the class would have been inrlted had Mrs.
Hearst been ln California. A caterer has been
engaged and luncheon will be served, besides
which there will be an Impromptu programme.
The committee in charge consists of William
\V. Mott ichalrman). Eugene S". Kllgore, Rolph
Thelen George S. Young. Jerome B. White.
Miss Margaret Henderson. Miss Dorinda K
¦\Vhitten. Edna E Reichenbach. Miss Virginia
IVhitehead MUs Talullah Le Cocte and Miss
Susi* M. Daniel.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The wedding of Ml*s Julia Ethel Muagrove.
a searfor at the University i of California, an-!
Wilrr.er Glascock took place Tuesday exeaisj
at the home of the bride. 1*V> I!.:-, ia «tr*»:.
The cereincnv was performed, by tfce R*t C
K. Jennes*. pastor of the Trinity M»:» .• -•
Church. Th» young couple left after th* eer»
mony for a wedding trip and their Csal desti
nation ts Oalveston. wher? the groora is con
nected with the Santa Fe Railroad.
Miss Inc* Shippee of the class cf "01 ot the
University of California will entertaia ,'th<«
members of the Gannsa Fhi Beta scrwity at
the chapter- house on Ckassirg way Saturday
afternoon of this week. Fifty guest* hav«
been invited.
Irene Coil. Ethel Anglyn. Jessie Clark. Mag
gie Clark. Alta McConville. Ernlth M^Convin*.
Mazie Thompson. Alice Gallagher, Ma Turner.
I^t-* Chase. Mary Armstrcnc. Louis- French.
Frances McGill. Mabel Janes. Ethel Mcra'i
yen Esther Stevens. Lena Schumaa. Niaa
SchBTiian. Mrs Whitley Mr. «ad Mr». H»n*y
Whltley. Mr. and Mrs. Fre1 Clark. Mr*. Cofl.
Dr. May Morgan. Harry McConville. Alfred
Thompson. Jack Gallagfter. Frank Lincoln.
John Chase Deb Green. Charles Pond 1 . Charter
Avers. Fred Rockwell. Luk- Cannon. Ralph
McFadyen. Tern Neighbor. "Will Turner, Alfred
Holmes, Uoy Burke, Jchn Hlc*.
OAKLAND, May 11.— The first car
load of freight over the new transcon
tinental Santa Fe line was received by
a local merchant to-day.
The car will be on the aiding near the
new freight depot and appropriately
decorated and Inscribed and will play
its part in the festivities which will
mark the opening of the new road.
First Santa Fe Frrfcrht.
M!« Mabel Clay entertain^ 4 nuniN-r of her
young friends last FrMay evtntag at her hone
C«5 Bancroft w«y. The Urn* was pa_«ej £
dancing and afterward a supper was served.
Xae fuests were the Mlwca *i\n* Whltler
BERKELEY. May N.— Th* m*O4*«* ivf
Mlsa Cassle Darrah and Sstwanl J, Wr** win
take place on June » at St. J**«i*y» Cnurvh
It will be a society #v«nt th*i will t* Ur«*Jr
attended. The bride has already «ao*eo h* r
maid of honor in Mlsa lioae M.-tw-.»u. J I
Brosan of Saa FrancUco will be th* b^» t „,'„;
To-day Is th« golden w*«l.$tng an&iv*r*arv «vf
ex-Mayor and Mr*. Ansoa U*.-*j,>* . •
«tow haa be«a suffering for »oro» r.tve rrw«
the effects ©f an accident. *o ih* owmjUco %»*
rather -a sad than a Jorws* <.>«*, Vvvi>.>.» h*a
not forgotten, however. »n.| «ov-»e tuuiini)
roses delighted the tmalU.
Mrs. M. L. Broadweli er.tmaia*3 th# H*»s.
mony WMn Club last w««k — sh# l«*t r>«-tlr>4
of the season, br th* way. Mrs. IUrt v ->.!..«,ow
and Mrs. Joseph Hunt w»re «a» Jurfcj rri*«
winners.
Mi5* PhyDi* Mather, who has been visiting
Miss Ruth Kalea for some time, is preparing
to leave for h«r home in Providence, R. 1.,
next Wednesday. Miss Mather has b*-»n wkjt.
ly entertained daring her stay la OakJ*nd.
and now her last few days hers ar* being d«~
Toted to i merry round of slghtseeiag. Tv>-Uay
she and Mies Kales werv measbers cf aa *u
tcmobile party that crossed the- bay.
The week following Miss Mats«r'a arrival ta
Providence sue will leave for a trio atroikvL
OAKLAND. May 11— If there is one thing
on earth about which there is a h&lo of. never
lessening Interest It is a wedding— «sp«clally
whtn the wedding is of two clever and popular
young people. The nuptials of Miss Ella
Goodall and Dr. Cfcarles Miner Cooper this
evening were' of more than ordinary interest.
Not only because the wedding was a brilliant
social event, but because the bride" ¦ family Is
kite wn 'the length and breadth of the Pacific
Coast, her father. Edwin Goodall. being a
member of the pioneer steamship firm of
G<<Kiall. Perkins & Co.
The bride is an only daughter axd an un
usually charming girl, vivacious. aa*omplishs<3
and cultur-d. having spent much of her time |
in travel abroad. <
About two hundred guests witnessed the
ceremony this evening, the Invitations having
been limited to relatives and intimate friends.
TtH? appointments of the wedding were un
usually elaborate, especially the floral decora
tions which were, however, in excellent taste.
The 'stairway and hall »t« festooned with
garlands and empire wreaths of laurel. whl:e
In the rear drawing-room was a glowing mass
of golden and purole Iris.
The prettiest spot and the c«nter of at
traction was the great round window In th«
front drawing-room, which had been trans
formed into a rustic bower. Boughs of haw
thorn lined the window and interlaced their
blossom-ladea branches overhead. A low.
runic weed railing formed a gateway and
gave a pleasing rural touch to the- picture.
Within this bower the bride and groom
pledped their troth and received the nuptial
becediction of Rev. C. R. Brown, pastor of
the First Congregational Church.
It is impossible to do justice to the beauty
of the bride's sown — it can only, be described
an exquisite combination of chiffon cloth
and carraKh ma cress lace. th« berthe and
flounce* sleeves being of the rar* old Irish
lace. A tulle v*ll covered the bride" ¦ dark
hair and the brtdal bouquet waj a shower cf
white orchids and lilies of the valley.
Mrs. W. H. Skene of Portland. Or., was
a charming matron of honor in a gown ©I
pink embroidered creD*. She carried aa
annTull of pink American Beauty roaes. .
One of the prettiest features of the bridal
procession was »;e_n In th* six little flower
bearers. Dressed - in the daintiest of white
frocks and bearing garlands of Duchess rose*,
the sextet of little girls — Helen Goodall.
Susette Greenwood. Margaret Moseley. Helen
Breck, Margaret Adams and Elizabeth Ad
am* — preceded the bride through the aia>.>
formed by ribbon* in the hands ot Char>s
Fields and Fraak Owens. Dr. Cooper was at
tended 07 his brother. Edwin T. Cooper.
Slipper was served in the billiard-room cp
stalrst Twenty-six were seated at the brida'a
table, which wa« beautifully • decorated wiii
Duchess roses and white Iris.
After a short honeymoon Dr. and Mrs.
Cooper will spend the summer at the Gootiall
I home la Oakland, pending the furnishing cr
their own residence, la Saa FrancUcc^
Dr. Cooper has built up quite a successful
practice across the bay. althcug h he has beea
in this State only a f«w years. He ia a na
tive of England and a graduate of the famous
University ot Edinburgh. Scotland.
By Zoe Breen RadcIIfTe.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The present action looks to reach
them in another way. Joseph Folcia
and W. Grondona own a tract of land
in West Oakland upon which they al
low dumping. The injunction is asked
for to restrain them and about forty
scavengers from using these grounds
for this purpose. It is set forth that
the decaying of vagetable and animal
matter is a menace to the health of the
community, and if the injunction Is
granted this will stop the dumping of
garbage within the city limits.
A writ of injunction has been asked
for restraining the scavengers of the
city from dumping garbage 'within the
city limits. Suit to this end was begun
this afternoon by Health Officer von
Adelung and is a step toward putting
the scavengers out of business. The
city has given the Pacific Incinerating
Company a monopoly of the garbage
business in consideration of the fact
that a crematory be established. An
ordinance was passed making it un
lawful to dump garbage inside the city.
Notwithstanding this, the scavengers
have continued to do business, and
after a score or more of them had been
arrested prosecutions were discon
tinued.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 11.
Blanket Injunction Asked
For to Restrain Scavengers
From Operating in City
After hearing the testimony Judge
Melvln said that while the girl was not
of a$e he believed that the husband
had the prior right to the care of the
girl and ordered the father to let her
go. Aa soon as John Bamber, the
father, stepped outside the courtroom
he was arrested by a deputy constable
on the complaint of Attorney Russell
on a charge of disturbing the peace.
The forcible abduction of Jeanie De
souza, a 17-year-old wife, by her father,
and the hearing of the habeas corpus
proceedings instituted by John Desouza
this afternoon, developed the fact that
the girl is a prospective heiress. The
dramatis personae include a young
country girl, Jeanie Bamber, from
Guerneville, who falls in love with a
waiter, John Desouza, and marries
him. She has a rich grandmother by
the name of Catherine Griffin, who lives
in Santa Rosa, and who promises to
leave the girl her money. The girl tells
her story to two attorneys, who secure
a contract from her to get her estate
for her when her gradmother dies for
one-half the property. She thinks the
matter over and believes she has made
a bad bargain. She tells her story to
Private Detective Erwin Frost, who
finds the girl's father and helps him
abduct the girl and lock her up in a
room for two nights. They are forced
to bring- the the girl into court to-day
and she is released from the custody
of the father and given back to her
husband. v
The hearing of the matter this after
noon filled the courtroom with attor
neys. Jeanie Desouza, the stolen girl,
was placed on the stand and told how
her father came to her home with
Detective Frost and took her in a
buggy io Frost's office, at 55 Broadway.
That night the father slept in the same
room with the girl ln Order to see that
she did not run away. The next night
they went to the Hotel Touraine and
the father rocked his daughter in her
room and kept the key.
John Bamber testified that he and his
¦wife had separated in 1SS7, six weeks
after their marriage, and the girl in
court was the issue of that union. He
said that he had always been willing
to take carepf the child, but when the
mother died several years later he con
sented to the grandmother keeping the
child. Within the last month he heard
that his daughter was living a vaga
bond life and he came here to get pos
session of her*. He said that she would
not be IS years of age until May *2,
and that he had never given his con
sent to her marriage.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 11.
Plot for Jleloilraina De
velops Out of Alxluction
of 3Irs. Jeanie Desouza
OAKLAND. May 11.— The trial of
Otto Simon of Lorin for assault with
intent to murder Meinrath Alselts was
begun before Judge Melvln this morn
ing. A Jury was secured this afternoon
and the taking of testimony -will begin
to-morrow morning. Simon shot Alseit3
New Year's night in a dispute over
unionism. The wound was not fatal.
Alseits will take the stand against
Simon.
Simon on Trial.
GIRL RETURNED
TO HE R HUSBAND
SAY THE DUMPS
ARE A MENACE
MEMBERS OF OAKLAND'S MERCHANTS" EXCHANGE WHO WERE PARTICI
PANTS IN THE FESTIVITIES HELD LAST NIGHT THAT BROUGHT TO
GETHER PROMINENT. MEN OF ALAMEDA COUNTY'S METROPOLIS.
- e dlreclors °r the company are
\\ ilham H. Davis. William Lair Hill,
oK-,v rank Pierc<? ' Albert Brown, J. W
Phillips. W. B. Hamilton. S. P Chan
nel A. W. Burrell and A. Ray BurreH
William R. Davis and William Lair
?,!i~ r p., alt0rney8 for the companv:
Judfre Ellsworth will hear arguments
Friday for a permanent restraiSSJ T
der against the bank.
Thomas Prather. president of the
Lnion National Bank, explained that
the bank is not interested except as a
Colonel Irish declares he had full
charge of the company's case through
55^2£?1 Praeedlags, and he believes
SjO.OOO of the". $60,000 awarded by the
fQr coaasel fee « >s his fair share.
**-£? third counl covers a claim of
J-o.OCO as a fee for resisting the at
tempt of the Government of Salvador
to reopen the claim matter, after refus
ing to. accept the arbitration award A
settlement was effected on the basis of
a payment of $42S,OO0 to the Salvador
Commercial Company. The three
counts total $100,000
Item two of the complaint recites
that Colonel Irish was retained by the
Salvador Commercial Company to rep
resent it in negotiations with the Sal
vador Government. Colonel Irish avers
ihat he caused the claim finally,
through a treaty between the United
States and Salvador, to be submitted to
a court of arbitration, composed of the
Right Honorable Sir Henry Strong,
uhivf Justice of Canada; Senor Dr. Don
Jose Koca Pacas, Salvador's Minister
to the United States, and Hon. Don M
Dickinson. United States Minister to
balrndor. This" commission found for
i he ?* h l ador Commercial Company for
Colonel John P. .Irish has filed suit in
the Superior. court against the Salvador
Commercial Company to recover $100,
000 alleged to be due for services ren
dored the company in a successful con
test to gain nearly $500,000 from the
Government of Salvador for seizure of
El Trifuno Company's properties, in
which the Commercial Company was
chief stockholder. On petition of
colonel Irish the Union National bank
has bt?en temporarily restrained from
disposing of bonds and certificates the
bank holds as trustee for the Salvador
Commercial Company pending the liti
gation. Judge Ellsworth made that or
der to-day. Colonel Irish's counsel is
uiney & Olney.
Colonel Irish's suit grows out of a
failure to effect a satisfactory settle
ment with the Salvador Commercial
Company for his work in negotiations
over the corporation's claim against
Salvador. This company pressed its
demands for damages out of the seiz
ure and confiscations of valuable
concessions, frachises and other rights
granted to- El Trifuno Company, which
were to develop enormous shipping and
other interests in Salvador. The Com
mercial Company, holding the chief in
terest, it is averred, employed Colonel
Irish in 18S9 to present its claims
against Salvador before the State De
partment of the United States and to
pracure its intervention in behalf of
Colonel Irish's clients. This, his com
plaint alleges, was done, and the serv
ice, he declares, requiring high skill
and knowledge, was worth $25,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 11.
Dr. C. La Verna Carvin, the young
meaical graduate of the University of
Michigan, who was acquitted yester
day ori a charge of " practicing medi
cine without a license, has opened flre
on the State Board of Medfcal Exam
iners. She "has selected Dr. Dudley
Tait, president of the board, as the
first target in her Contest.
Dr. Carvin to-day directed her at
torney. E. M. Gibson.' to file a suit for
$10,000 damages against Dr. Tait for al
leged malicious prosecution. The young
woman eays this suit will speedily be
followed by an action to compel the
State Board of Medical Examiners to
grant her application for an examina
tion, that a license to practice . medi
cine may be issued to her.
The suit will be directed against ur.
Tait, who swore to the complaint as
president of the State Board of Medi
cal Examiners, upon which Dr. Carvin
-,vas prosecuted in the Police Court.
In accordance with his client's instruc
tions Attorney Gibson has begun the
preparation of papers. The attorney
said the suit would be filed to-morrow
in the Superior Court.- ¦ -
"Following this litigation, said At
torney Gibson, "we expect to find a way
to re*ach the State Board, which has
refused to allow Dr. Carvin to take
the examination, although she is a
graduate from one of the leading medi
cal colleges of the United States, name
ly the University of Michigan Medical
Department. , "
"Dr. Tait swore to a complaint di
rectly charging Dr/ Carvin with prac
ticing medicifae without a license. \ve
say he had 'no right to swear to tne
complaint because he was not In a
position to know of his own knowledge
that it was true. He relied entirely
upon statements • of a- hired spy. a.
woman, and that is entirely insufficient.
We denounce the arrest of Dr. Carvin
as outrageous and the prosecution aa
a disgrace. Dr. Carvin-.- as the evidence
clearly showed yesterday, had follow
ed to the letter every preliminary re
quirement-of the State Board ?ouch
ing her application for a license. She
had deposited her examination lee of
520 and had been told that everything
would be'all rieht. • 'he had not ac
cepted a penny for fees and was wait
ing" for the examination day, when her
arrest came." ' . - ¦. - *
Dr. Carvin declared positively that
Dr. • George G. Gere, secretary of the
State Board, told her that in case any
complaint were made at the office no
attention would be paid to it as she
had met all of the requirements pend
ing the date of holding the examina
tion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
•1118 Broadway. May 11.
OAKLAND. May It.— Untied States,
Senator Georse C. Perkins returned to
nipht to Oakland from Washington.!
having stepped en route at the St. Louis
tvpositl«rn. The Senator is elated over
v-altfornias rxhibit avA declares that
It is one of the tinest displays of agrl
cultuml. horticultural and ruineiai
wealth ew tnnde by any community
la the irortd. Senator jRerWM
highlv vi the work by Cousrcss and
Mid « c^npUment to his Republican i
ODtletsnef from ra!if«-Tnia. Ut le«s>- .
lation the Senator pointed particulars
to the .'nacwYent that will continue to
bar Chinese coolie jminigration. TD»a
v af . a Herublican measure, prepared t»>
a Republican IKiiartmeni. in
dorsed by a Kepubluan Attorney cen
tral, introduced into the House b>
CtohtfCSSXnaa Httl.' chairman .rf the
Comwlttee tax. Poreich IWatlona, and
an the Senate by 1>. rkinp. also a I.e
poMlcan. ai:d Hffaed by a Keinibhcan
President,- said Senator Perkir.*..
"Thoueh the Treaty with * hma lapses
in December this law will do the wont
' Th* Coa«rSVrt»k* '&* h« «*•§
that ¦or.math. «l»cn y«irJ> l««'~ »£
moi-e extent in th* Kej.ublicai, r«n> a* Jt is
called K»on U> consiUer guewtoiw ot f^**
and «rratcr lmj^rtanc*. That *^^P?TJJ
t.rr* tn ir.crew!B= is only MW*j;W>«
P»>lr^ that our country Is V,^*"
laiici. and blUSBM. With C^* 1 *^*^
..oil* ,»ur n.-rU* Jnirea?e. acd lb«=* "i-" 51 ,?".
arU chaure* lor ti;arp« or fslra^is-."^
l *^r n rrcf^iwfr.s *uihrr!i^ t > the ww.ot. just
$!s3.30I>*3 was for deSoiewies for ihf '^
»«Q within tb* mtmated rerenM ¦¦%?***?,£:
,J*r.dTtrre S ab«U5 »r »at Jt« than
if PESf^SKiaS
•will herr t* a surpltt* of "b 0 " 1 t-^.^***"-'- Pr
?•<>-.;. -n-A:, 8 n deflciendw arr mcr* than
lkeJy tc t* ta**n4 by that *ura. anJ a. largf
air.cu!Tt Icrt tOt the-*i=kfn« WA
LARGE APPROPRIATION'S
8^gu0.w» and tfce l*"cr by abv-ut |?-^^-.
The artr.r ecUaatM »«¦«> cut down >. w.KU«X\
about C3LO0O.00O; !<-«ii'.at'.v«. f 1.20c. «W. na\->.
SS»iStt.M The rrar-4 total cl *«ti»ate 6
Tians »«* JTM.S74.6r>-* reduction of *50.».^.-
WX It mill be noit-A that th* ai rrrpriaticr.j tat
V& nmi these of U» «aw«Bt«jrttr t>
Sc«rsa«O ««eb pronto toe «»;•*£*•
¦Jr. S frr.de eftMM • D»
m ftitrxnon rUr.t CMti&C l»f«r!y $1.00o.O<0 a..J
t Bur.mr.1 bS*»r:
»1 (k«MXV: triSitarj- academy. »275.0W>: navj.
»16.00U.CCO. or Vhkk |7.CtX».OOO is for now
rwililWllwi CSLBOft/M for ntw building at
Naval Aca<5«n:y: «.te3.«» fcr j.ut.ic works s-t
n ~.,~ clerk* at *ub-«»t:or.» and rural free
«e : i%e^»" »frvtc*. Ttert i». aiw an apparent
iR <-rea« c; JW-.o-i sn permanent ap-.'^prla
tkMi* but this if on V*r*r rractical.j mc»t
nt xt.it turn beir.p i.r the nstional nute reUen-.p
ttrm awunt. a. is a flir.pW bodkkWPtaC
rr-aver There 1» another tr.creaM cf 13.-5*,
»ix." <r. the reclamation <un4. uhich *oe* for
ncUraation i>crr**»«- There 1* a'-so an item
of I75S.OO »fcivh rejire»ent« the ir^r»afe ror
tS* tmntr oi «rc« tj the natio-.ial cusr.1 anj
rr-ihUa Tr» >ur.i of thr«* •.r.or«-E»s. le»s the
rHjuotisn* n«.«,ie. civ»» the net inore*s« Tor
the next fi»ea! i«ar. It WtB be noted ttat the
1 nccipil lf«*Bi of Jncr^as* re*er to the navy
a-<5 the i»:««icJfic» — :»j br*nche« cf the pub-
Uc wnJce mhi.h «r* cf th« groatesl Irapor
tar.cr to cut »Kl-bcir!C-
Tfc« pri=ctn»i ne» l»«i*l«ticn for aiprc-pria
iK»r.» la C*UTe>rnia and th« Pacific Coast is ••
rfeswm-fcoue, San Franc»»«> J10«X«W0
LJrfct »tatk>n. P<j:nt «\>?scep<lca 1>*
F"l»herk». Alacka «U«W
N*rrr.»l r«^» l l-*'5
• r.iucit as Alaska, eattvr* Ci>«,ow
• lrr.rT<»v}ti» rivet* an-3 harhors. Cal
tcsrsia 441.000
I>r;ilic- ClbhMII and rr-^m*» 2".(*W
itrhri* O»ar.ir.iwl<.-B 1X.UW
Mail »»TVice. Tahiti 45 OX)
Barty e.f iiaiifrrp.ia (tr»P« ««vk»....~. li" u*j
timmmaai *asar baet 10,000
Na»-al tratr.!?.* *:«tion M.«J00
Msr« Iflufcl Nax-j-rrrd 2?*.4'.v
<>»J!i«r. t«» be c^r-struetf 4 CJ.V«X»
rHfc»e» and r»a«l* At.rka 37«Uisj3
Tramfer cf Sijht fhi»» to fariftc 2" ."•»>
R?r«ir» to .V!t»trea* IP.Oftj
Cnfc-rceaa^nt «T^a*te exrlu»i-a ..... «"O,O*^>
Inc:«r. »er\lce 13.<X<>
Keladeer for Alaska ».<v.O
'¦[ T«al .' J2.733.S.VJ
-Iovr*tiir»ttfB fcr itcmUtnint ttstl^n author
*".!Se-i1. tn^^ert^atit»n for < •*l£!f.4 harNjr atthcr
l»e<l. and ir.\e*ti£«ticn of. condition of land
lea* Indian* Ut OaUfcrcia ikuthrrite-d.
Ir. «d<i:::cn to the arprppriation trills. ther«
h«a beea much »<er>" tap«rt*ai lests^atK* tf^r-
JMT^lfc* r«*t e-«jv.R. The trei was that crani
:n« re-rirrotity to Ojba. «h»ch «as rrtMa:tfrd
bj u». ar-a »h:ch »* »»r* tn i-aij boari^. to
crmct no fir «» it jdf>e* cct tntcrftr* with aaj
.oj our &&m*u: rrwSucrrs. The treaty as ar
r*ji«f-J i». and ¦HI |*»v« to be. of nsutual
«¦.•«_-:.••.• *rfcile at tb* -. ¦ r. tin;* it plares
ct:r n»tirhbor;ns rer^blic en a rare ftnarcla!
rrondaticn. thui rftfevlns u» <»r the <!aE»er of
darc?rett« t-oTt.p'ilratJcas which «c-!d hav«'
:..'»>: if the island had :a'.!ra tnt» difSJ
>c- ."¦ We bat* al»« ;,--»'. !av« that will
be Jn*-a!raHe to the ji*e»i.l«> or th* rh;lipr«Ine»
:» e«t*hU»h;r.c a «ah!e pov^rr.meat. which la
now cr.:y a raitttrr ol e-J wcation and of tisi*.
* JT1JPINOS ARE LEARNING.
• Ttoe Phii:rrif« PMvta bav« rhown the»*cl\-«»
t» b« tractafcJe. ambitious of bw>:r .:-$: tt'.i
irj«n<!«;i. and *tpahi« of essiissilaUr.K c-r
e»"B ::'*> wtsch lead to pro»r«riiy and ¦mtll
t».ivK and OozutreH has taken »t« p« in the
><(.*.$¦.:.-•-¦; to •»!•..•;. :> '• n r. ¦. u isade to as
«*>• them a* fan a»d as f«r ar cJrrumytcnm
warrast. Th« work cf dcveler-rsg the re»tHirt-ea
«tf tb* isJasd* Mia nooa bectn to rlv« re*u!t«.
xari the IMtrftx" «"ill ** fnrnarxgr-i and «*-
BisiM by alt n*^ie<J lejitJatlcn to mak« th«
be?t u»e cf ti» eourcea of wealth which an*
abuaKlast. During the " rasl resflon the
great project fit an i^trrr.U:. canal fcKg b*>»)
«aot into rhape fcr the fcmmfawmw of actual
»«rtu " The tran*fer of th* property at th*
F>eT«r>» ifgr^iiiv h«» b»«T» ira^y creitml of a
ISays Republipms Have iiade
(iood Laws and -Kept Na
tion in Advance of World
Litigant Declares He Won
- -Half a Million for His
Clients in a Hard Fight
Papers Prepared Claiming
| §10,000 From Dr. Dudley
Tait Because of Arrest
¦ Frederick William or wr.liaci and Ar.nie
R!»d (Brehant> ta H. Pauline Dtnan fslntrie>.
lot on SW corner of San Jose avenue axil
Willow street. W 5«> by S. 15O lot i(>. ln TZ
half «f block N. lan-33 a4Jae»nt to Er..:-.v.
Alarceia; SIO.
- State Savings .Bank to Adeline L. Myers
(wife of -Charles A.), lot on NE corner of Stu
art and Grant streets, E ?) by N" 110. portion
lots 29. SO and 31. . block 2. map Grove- street
Line Tract.' Berkeley; S10.
N line of Wools^y iKent) street. 200 W of
Tremont, N 1(X» bj" E «\ let 1« and porticn
lot 17. block Q. amended map Newbury Tract
ln p?at 31, Ranches V. and D. Peraita, Berke
ley; 510.
Walter and Fannie E. Frear to George t».
Hutchison. S 37 :« of lot 3. block B. Eurek»
Homestead. Berkeley; $10. ¦
R. W. and Cassi* M.. Roble to Golden G*t»
Real Estate Comuany. lot on SW corner or
Virginia and 'Walnut street*. S 4O. W 85. N*
to S line of Virginia, E to beginning, portion
lots 16 and 17, block B, plat Percy Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Alice C. and Charles A. Bailey (by Raymon 1
H Bailey, attorney) to Kathertce O. Minors
(wife of J. J.) let on S line of Virginia
street, 72.2ft W of West. W 42. 3 133.60. tt
ll.SO. N r 35 «O E 27.80. N 10O. portion l^ts
A -13 and lire cf lot 14. block 11, map block 11.
Curtis Tract Berkeley; S1O.
H B. and Susie U Belden to Jtslras Abra
haK9on lot on W line of Madison street. 60
S of Fourteenth. S 40 br W 100. block IX.
KeUerv^erger's map Oakland; $10.
MelUcent K- or Miliwnt K. Blalce foy Mrs.
12 H Havens attorney) to Ernest V. Barr>-.
tft on S line of Parker street. 125 E of Fu'
ton. E 3.1:4 by S 135. portion of let 13. blcnk
T453. Berketey prorerty. maps 1 and 2. Blake
Trart. Berkeley : Sift.
Alameda County.
TUESDAY. MAY 10.
Henrietta O. U Bruaimund to A. Boyenra!.
lot on E line cf Echo avenue, at intersectioa
with l!n* dividing: lots 2 • and 3. £•?»-*?
119. NW 33:41,. SW to E line of Echo ave
nue. 8 3«~to beginning, portion of lota 3 ar.i
4. fcioek 16. map No. 3. Glen Echo Tract, re
corded May 1». 19C4. Oakland: 110.
George and Elizabeth X. Knight to Ersest
O. and Mary J. Jeffress <w1fe>. lot on S l:r.e
of Thirty-eighth street, 385 E of Market. E
41 by S US. recorded May 9, 19°*. Oakland:
. 1 Harrison W. and Ella S. Pine (Smith> to
George Budd. lot on SE line of Webster stree.
(now Piedmont avenue). ICO 8W of Oak ave
nue. SW 25 by SE 125, portion of subdivision
12 cf lot 3. map- of subdivision of lota 2. o.
4 and 42 ot map 2, Glen Echo Tract, Oak
land; flOs
Sarah A. Stone to A<U S. Bartlett. lot «n
SE corner of West Fourteenth and Peralt*
streets, S 37.31. E 101-90. N 55. W P3.42. lots
19 and 20. block oS>" A, map of Peralta arvl
Center street lands, warranty deed. Oakland;
Patrick and Ann E. Swift to John Lacoste.
lot 3. block U Kllnknervllle Tract, val rec d.
Oakland: * .
Jacob F. and Catherine Keller to Margaret
Scully (wife of M.). lot on SE line of Willow
street. 27 SW of Taylor. SW 27 by !>E S'\
portion of lot 9 block «97. Caaserly Tract a'.
Point. Oakland; Jit 1 . _
Ira and Charlotte- A. Vaughaa to JIary C.
Wilson cwlfe. of J. I*>. lot on N line of Cha.«<»
street. 102:B W of WH'ow. Vf 75 by N 135.
lota 2S to «<>, block 606. same. Oakland; $10.
Mary and Daniel Reynolds to Minnie Rey
nolds (daughter), lot on N line of Third street.
25 W of Chester W i3 by X 75. portion of
lot 2. block F. Eay Vie* Homestead. Oak-
Undi sift.
Lewis C. Harmon to David Sleburtr. lot or*
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
DE. CAEVIN ATTACKS
for itt
Itxprtae will be well under wa*\vs.t tt?"
m. aC! to the Pacific Coast .*££ pr^cVr "d
rnerxhart well understands. It will vir- u »Mv
ntarvr thi.se who raise our t>ulfcy and rhM»
products and the result cannot fa"l to be
fUtnuUting to the business of our "arnUra
f^^u^ti^" Wfc ° P-P- ou r r f^u7e
in i*ie appropriation bills are found rnanv
appropriation, ia which our agriculturist S-j
hortlcuiturlsts-es^i.ny thoj of CalifcVnia
nre immediately interested. Money arpropri
at^l for the usa of the Agricultural D-part
r.ie=t r-roJures a return which grows Kr4it"r
m*« V^ '"?.' r f rt!cl^ t '- >t *s perhaps the
meft lmm.-4ia:ely u?efu! of all th» denart
ment. of the government, and comes 3S&
to the people. The study of pUnt llf« u,!
S2&5? t ii t $& >I g: by lhe Bur *- U ot «-" "
dustry. by th? Bur»au cf SolU, etc has bwn
or inestimable valus to our farmed, and its
uses heooce m-.r* varied and valuable as
knowIMge is gained through the experience
of trained observer,. We have established a
seed gfcrten at Chlco for the study and de-
TO STVDY VIXES,
v ' ? . app . rt>I ' r1l>: ' 3<1 "x^v for the study
of California vine stocks with a view of «e-
Cttrtas a vine that win resitt the phllloxera.
w !? t-l U fKf X! ' lU ' R •*•**•»*•* »hlU render
ing It possible to plant others. What that
rifLJ,'!. * l i" d *' * a!ttVl »<» B"«P* f-mure
rZ &!2fIJ^ e * d W 1P iMf ™*4 re«U«e.
T..e secretary of Agrlcujture Is tUo about to
1 *k.'». U *? lhe K-ientif.c- study of the sugar beet.
C JV V, ¦¦VT* <**"¦«« Front to the fanner
aca the roundsmen of « great growing interest
The variety of be« best ,ulted for the rur^e
1 will, be actually created by scientific
ir*th*ds beyond the reach of the farmer, and
.^i 1 r £f lv ', fr T aI i the beiM>t * t « * h *h im
%-. Th * , etui , r ot *»*»«1 "fe tn health
and ««sea.«e i* also beir* probated scien-
USoally. and.lu result* are fully appreciated
by tho»e who i-^>« cr raise stock. Scien
tific «tudy U al« given to means throuch
which crcj* may b« arotected frora Injury- ty
their mttay enemies; orchardtm are asfisted
in making* th» trees more profiuhle; even the
veather U studied with a \1fw C f ben«fltlr»
the farmer through a knowledge of dtff*r*c:
cfittdiUcR* ard their bearirg en growing cror*
And in connection with this the Interior De
rartroent Is manifesting great erlerjcy in studv
lag the irrigation problems m different States
which is cf i'«r:uul*r tmportanir* to California
«nJ is re^Uimlng lands that are now barren
for Uck of water. It Is also very actrv« in
> going 'to the original aourccti of our ctrearna
protectlcr thtra from destruction by the estab
liibraent of forest reserves and national parks
Without »uch care net many year* would e«
cap* before Irrigation would be impossible and
regicca now fertile would be turned again to
<i**<rts.
Nwtssary »uthortxatlcn has been circa u>
extend cur rystexn of fortifications, which are
as rfr.--s.iry to our safety as is our navy arj
In Use He ihail be protected on land by ad
juncts to our r".r»i. which is our first line cf
defense against an eaeajy — for there will i be
tone from the land side. In consequence aa
thertzaOcn for adequate Increase cf our navy
is yearly given. At the last cesuktn «n« flrtt
cla*> batt:e»hip, two flrrt-clasa armored cruis
er*, three »««ui cruisers and two collier* we;*
authorized. The California delegation U pleased
ta having **cure<l one of the*e colllera for con
riracUcn at a navy yard en th« Pacific Coast,
which will undoubtedly , b« Mare Island. Aa
our army U needed for hardly ar.ythtns e.la«
lhaa police <Jwty ta'osr outlytn; possession*
and for tfce preservation of Uoveroraer.t works
at hoae. It has been reduced to about 57.0ft)
taea. . ...
On the whole. In r.-.y cplnicn. the work of
the session Just ended Is of the greatest im
l<ortaace ad is taken on line* ir.vclvlr.it the
l-reatest well being of our people as a whole.
I thick that htgh purpose and good Judptsent
err ts&ciff*ted in what has been don* ar.d an*.
| ccsviscci that tfct peoplf are well sauced.
The motto of this evening ia expressive of
the nin-.s and objects of our work and pur
poses. Our motto this evening is "Progress,"
and rrcjrrey* is what has always cumulated
our ambition as merchants and citizens of
this glorious country, of this progressive
State and of this growing city.
And I am Klad to be able to ctate, in the
name of our entire membership, before the
chief magistrate of our State and before the
father of our city, thai the Merchants' Ex
change has contributed net only to the ma
terial growth, but also to the moral progress
of Oakland. The exchange has helped to bring
Oakland business men to a better under-
Ftanding with each other and to a closer re
lationship.
' The Merchants' Exchange of Oakland has
ajready paesed through its trial period. Its
position is a permanent one. and any one who
ha» heard its voice or has 'read of its enter
prise must regard it as an indispensable In
stitution to the welfare of Oakland.
As president of this institution 1 wish to
put particular stre<«s on the statement that
our ambitions and work are not selfish. We
simply strive' to become a benefiting factor
in the promotion of Oakland's common good
and in the progress of Oakland's general in
terests. It ia our ambition to help to bring
Oakland to the front, not only among Amer
ica's progressive business cities, but also
among America's wideawake and enlightened
communities.
PRESIDENT GIER'S REPORT.
After the service of the menu Past
President Theo. Gier read his report for
the year past, which was in part as
f ollo-ws :
Oentlemen: At the close of another year in
the history of the Merchants' Exchange, I feel
that I can truthrully soy that It has t*en the
niost s>ucxessiui ana useiul year that we have
k::own. At our !.«»( annual meeting we looked
Krward with a great deal of hope to all that
might be accomplished during the coming year.
To-night I feel that not only have we accom
lliibeo All that w« anticipated, but that we
fchve done even better. Several important mat
ter* havs been taktn up by our exchange and
have been carried to a successful conclusion,
end other matters of which we had no thought
at that time are now under your direction be
ing cartd tor in the most gratifying way.
One or the most gratifying tasks carried to
a successful conclusion by the Merchants' Ex
change is the completion and opening of the
tunnel road into our .sister county. This work
has engaged our attention for some years, but
with a tenacity worthy of the cause; your ex
change has stuck to its task and ¦finally ac
|,ci>mx>Ushed everything that It started out to
i do. It 1* proper at this time to express our
, thanks to Supervisor Ro«*«, who worked so
i hard on this side, and to Mr. Stowe, who did
equally gi>od service on the Contra Costa side.
For several years past this exchange has
na4e it its duty and. although a hard onf.
none the less pleasing, to carry out a fitting
celebration on the Fourth of July. Last year
| the demonstration on the national holiday wn
j a!l that It shuuld be, and I have no doubt that
this year we shall again succeed in bringing
many thousands of people to our rapidly de
veloping city and Impressing upon them the
fact that we are still going ahead building for
all that will help the making of Greater Oak
land.
Last fall, at a time when circumstances
were decidedly against us because of the late
riwt of the date at which the affair was held,
we prepared and maintained a most creditable
county exhibit at the State Fair at Sacra
n.ento and succeeded in carrying ofT third pnz»
in the contest for the best county exhibit. This
was doubly gratifying because of the difficul
ties under which the exhibit was prepared. "V\>
were aided substantially In this effort by the
Supervisors, and the report of Qur special
rceetinj to ths .County Board of Supervisors
was characterized a* beinp most satisfactory.
The Merchants' Exchange is now engaged In
cuptrtntendtng at the World's Fair at St.
Ixjuis the most representative exhibit ever sent
from Alameda County. More than a year ago
your exchange undertook to agitate the ne
cessity cf and to undertake the carrying out
so far as lay within its -power of the improve
ment of Telegraph avenue. Much personal
work was done by your secretary and by In-'
dividual' members of the exchange. Interesting
rroperty owners, overcoming protests and en
couraging in every way this great work 1
am pleased to be able to report that at this
time m A *t of the contracts have been let for
Improving this important highway, which con
nects Oakland with the State University, and
that much of the preliminary work has been
done.
I cannot, however, close these remarks
without jnyirg a f*w wt>rtls on the tremendous
Impetus with which Oakland Is now pressing
forward In her commercial and civic career.
It needs but a casual glance to prove that
there was never anything like the amount of
building going en in this city that there Is to
day — perhaps there was never half so much
going on tt one time. And yet we have not
sufficient residences to accommodate the new
people that are flocking Into our city. This
development Is not confined to any particular
section — It is general: It extenrts from the bay
to Frultvale. and from the foothill* to the wa
ter front. AH of this acttvlty has stimulated
every branch of trade, and I may say that en
the whole Oakland ts as prosperous to-day as
ar.y city !n the Union. Nor Is there anything
to suggest that this prosperity will not con
tlr.ue. for years to ccme.
The Merchants' Exchange and •¦.<• Oakland
Board of Trade are eo-or«ermtlnr to carry out
a fitting welcome next week to the first Santa
Fe train to come to our city. The making of
its terminus In Oakland by this great trans
continental system l» an event of importance.
It will give Oakland prefttire and w-Ui rai«* Its
value as a commercial center throughout the
entire cocntry. Several of our directors are
or. the exerutlv* committee of thla celebration,
and I Tcost earnestly rajyest every m»mber
of your exchanre and everv citizen of Oakland
t» do everything within their power to make
this occasion worthy of the event which has
called it forth.
A few weeks aco we voted to issue school
bonds acd we are »oen to have an opportunity
to vote CTi a bond Issne for eeneral Improve
ments. It should fc* our duty to supocrt any
legitimate bond proposition that will- assist
in the develorment of cor city.
BAliANCE IX EVERY FIJNT).
Wilbur Walker, the secretary, report
ed, showing a balance In every fund.
Mayor Warren Olney delivered a
! brief address on "The Progress of the
| City of Oakland." The other speakers
i and their subjects were: "Progress of
I Alameda County," President of Board
of Supervisors John Mitchell: "Munici
pal Progress," President of Council
George \V. Dornin: address, President
of Board of Trade H. C. Capwell; "The-
Press." E. A. O'Brien: "Progress of the]
Merchants* Exchange.-** George W. Arp
er. It was* expected that Governor
Pardee would be present at the ban
quet, but at the last moment the Gov
¦ ernor found that he could not attend
and sent the following telegram of re
gret:
Theo. Gier — Dear Sir: I very much regret
that It w-ill be Impossible tor me to attend the
anuual banquet of the Merchants' Exchange,
owl&jc * * lrri onact public duUes necessitating
lay presence elsewhere. Allow me ¦ to offer
you and the Merchants' Exchange my congrat
ulation* for the results attained by them !n
i tlvtr cfTort for th» progress of Oakland and
Alameda County. GEORC5E C. PARDEE. 9
A telegram was received from.W. H.
Weilbye, the treasurer, who ts how in
St. Louis installing the Alameda Coun
ty exhibit, wishing prosperity to the
new administration.
Members of the Merchants' Exchance and
dlstinKuUhed visitors: It afford* me much
pleasure, and I ltel It a treat honor, to ex
tend to you a hearty and cordial welcome
to this, the annual banquet of the Merchants'
Kxchange. I feel myself especially privileged
to huvt been chosen to fill the office of prtsl
dent at this time, when our organization has
reached its present imi»ortant and auspicious
emlner.ee. from which It can look back with
prida at what has already been accomplished
and can look ahrad with encouragement to
still greater accomplishments in the advance
ment of the civic welfare of Oakland, the
fairest, the mo6t beautiful and the most prom
isinr city on the Pacific Coast.
OAKLAND. May 11.— The annual
banquet of the Merchants' Exchange
•was held this evening at the Hotel Met
ropole, and nearly 100 members and a
number -of-- invited guests, including
Mayor Olney, Councilmen George \V.
Dornin and Walter Meese and Super
visor John Mitchell, gathered to hear
the reports of the officers of the or
ganization on the last year's work. A'.
Jonas, the newly elected president of
the exchange, welcomed the members
and guests in a brief address, saying:
ITEMS FOOT UP $100,000
— — ? — —
TELLS OF LEGISLATION
California ' Exhibit at St.
Louis Fills Him With
Great Hope for the Future
New Officers of the
/ Exchange Are
Installed.
Young: Woman Doctor Has
Suit Begun Against Head
of State Medical Board
Colonel Irish Invokes Law
to Kecover for Services
iu Salvador Claims Case
PERKINS HAS
STATE PRIDE
BRINGS SUIT
FOR HIS FEE
HEAVY DAMAGES
ARE DEMANDED
OAKLAND MERCHANTS MEET
AT ANNUAL BANQUET BOARD
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -.-..THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1904.
6
? APVEBTTSEMTINTa. ,
GOT A TOOTHACHE?
iwn't »tt«cart t»» cur* it with any of
»h<>. sw»c*U<\l toothache cures. Better let
the
DENTISTS
Kx»mln« the tooth, locate the trouble
-v.u'. remove the cause.
EXAMINATIONS MASS FKEE.
All our work is hlsh grade. Tft^ teeth
made tn our laboratory are perfect ia
•ppraranc* and nctlca.
Plate.. Fun Set. S3. Bxidg* VTork. $5.
POST-GRADUATE OEHTAL COLLEGE
j 3 TATLOX ST, SAN TMXSCX3CO.
973 WASHiarOTOS ST^ OMTt.ATO.
SA2T joss. • • sAC&Axsarro.
OAKLAND-
1118 Broadway. .
Telephone 3fain 1083.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street-
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4o»—
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IS
ALAMEDA COUNTY
GBAPE-2TUTS. ; '. J
(rich j
j • in the Phosphates |
I] necessary to rebuild |
g wasted Brain and |
j* Nerves g
j Grape=Nuts I
|{ Oet the little hook. "The Hoad to £
¦ Wellvili*," ineach.pkg. »Yosemite Amazes Them.
t No sight in the world is now grander
than the Yosemite Valley, y The seven
great waterf alls are . at ' their . best. Thou- '
sands of ¦ wild flowers are in blossom.
Song birds are in . every tree and shrub.
Those who have been to. the Valley bring
back glowing accounts of its beauty.
The Santa Fe is the beautiful way and :
lies through .blooming 1 meadows - and j
giant forests. Santa Ke: stages are the
only .ones, that. pass through the- famous
California* Big" Trees on the way without
extra (expense or 'side. ride. TheSantav
Fehas also the lowest faro, of $28.50 for
the round trip..
Full . particulars and the new bolder
may be had at 641 Market street. •¦
The Glories of Yosemite.
AN*. 'INSPIRING SIGHT.
Rider Haggard and his daughter
are now in Egypt.
The British military force now In
South Africa costs $400,000* a week, it
is officially stated. ;i-^V" r ; ;'.
Officer McCurrie of the Humane So
ciety' arrested S. Miller yesterday for
driving crippled horses. S. G. Mack,
a coal wagort driver, was arrested yes
terday for brutally beating one of fiia
horses. The men were released on
$10 cash bail each. ¦
Arrested for Cruelty.
The . appointment, by President
Schmitz of W. J. Holman as elevator
inspector was ratified by the board.
Bids were opened from Flinn &
Treacy, the City Street Impovement
Company and C. S. Harney for the Im
provement of Duppnt street, from
Montgomery avenue, to Vallejo street,
and from .Owen McHugh. McHugh &
Sheerin and John R. Blanchard for«the
construction of a roadway on Nine
teenth , avenue, from' Trocadero culvert
to Ocean avenue.. The contracts for the
work will.be awarded to-day.
'.Commissioner; Schmitz was directed
to look into the application of the Cen
tral Light' Company to hang, arc lamps
from Kearny to Powell, streets.
Commissioner Woodward requested
that the Supervisors be asked -to ap
propriate funds to enable the assign
ment of a larger force for making sur
veys for the establishment of street
lines and grades.
The Bureau of Engineering reported
that it will cost $30,450 to repave with
bitumen the streets surrounding the
City Hall.
The petititrrfof property owners that
buildings maintained by the San Fran
cisco Brick Company be removed from
State street was filed, as there are no
funds to make the necessary surveys.
The . obstructions on Duncan street,
between Dolores and Church, were or
dered removed.
The Bureau of Engineering reportgd
in favor of . the extension of Hoffman
avenue, but suggested that the prop
erty owners interested or'ng the matter
to the atention of the Supervisors, so
that provision may be made In the ne::t
budget for the improvement.
Darby Martin, who bid $1730 on a lot
of old junk belonging to the city and
afterward regretted it, was released
from his bid yesterday by the Board of
Public Works on his agreeing to forfeit
his deposit of $100. The money was
confiscated by the board, who will ask
the Supervisors for authority to sell the
junk.
The Bureau of Streets was directed
to investigate the complaint of C. R.
Pechin, principal of the Rincon Gram
mar School, regarding the bad condi
tion of Vassar place.
The Board of Election Commission
ers occupied the time of the Finance
Committee of the Supervisors all yes
terday morning in going over the ex
pense accounts of the last year and
explaining the necessity for the pro
posed expenditure during the current
year.
The total amount asked for by the
t:iection Commissioners is $122,556, $5000
of which is to cover the salaries of the
Commissioners; $2400 for the Regis
trar's salary; $37,000 for the deputies;
$17,750 for the expenses of the coming
precinct registration; $12,606 for the
primary elections; $46,300 for the-gener
al elections, and $1500 for incidental
and sundry expenses. In addition to
these amounts they ask for $5000 for
erecting new booths, $10,000 for bond
election and $11,000 for an auxiliary
water supply!
The entire morning was taken up in
going over the figures and everything
was found satisfactory until the ques
tion of salaries was brought up by
Commissioner Voorsanger. A^oorsanger
said that for two months prior to elec
tions there are at least seventy men
working in the Registrar's office and
that the regular office pay roll is raised
from • $18,900 to $33,700. Supervisor
Brandenstein, Who was in, the chair,
asked if,, the men employed tempor
arily were civil' service men.. .
Registrar Adams said they were not,
and- a heated " discussion between Su
pervisor Brandenstein and Devotoof
the commission followed.
"Why did you not engage civil ser
vice men?" asked Brandenstein. /
- "Because we havt; , found that their
services are unsatisfactory."
¦ "But" by what right did you employ
these men, contrary to the charter,
wkichi' provides that all deputy regis
trars be chosen from the civil service
list?" ..
TOOK ADVANTAGE OF WORDING.
"We base our claim upon the broad
meaning of the, charter. The clause
referring to the appointment of civil
service men in % our office is unconsti
tutional." :
| "What is your objection to the civil
service system, Mr. Devoto?" *
yi have no objection' to it."
. '.'Then-why didn't you do all in your
power to see that none but civil service
mefuwere appointed?"
"Because. the other member^ of^the
board, wanted it the other way."
'¦ ,"I; think," interposed : Commissioner
'Roberts,; "that Mr. -Brandenstein is
casting insinuations upon the honesty
of the Board of Election Commissioners
and* that he ' has far 1 surpassed, the
bounds of his jurisdiction."
. Brandenstein* replied that ' he was
yery' sorry to -see that the conditions
were marching back furiously to the
old days. He explained, however, that
he : was merely investigating the re
quirements of ithe various departments
and that he .must do bo :even > to the
great" displeasure of his. fellow politi
cians. . The /matter iwas finally dropped
and will . be taken /under, advisement
The committee adjourned until 2
o'clock. ' \ .-..:. -\ ,
The Board of Education was' again
At a meeting of representatives of
the commercial bodies held yesterday
the following working committee was
appointed to arrange a suitable pro
gramme of entertainment: Governor
Pardee or representative. Mayor
Schmitz or representative, Major C. A.
Devol, Rear-Admiral Kempff and the
presidents of the Chamber of Com
merce, State Board of Trade, San
Francisco Board of Trade, Merchants'
Exchange, Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association and Merchants' As
sociation. The party of visitors will
consist of the following named: ?••;-
Hon. T. H. Pardo de Tavera Philippine
Commissioner, Manila ; Hon. Benito Legarda,
Philippine Commissioner, Manila; Hon. Caye
tano H. Arellano. Chief Justice Supreme Court,
Manila; Hon. Vlctorlnb Mapa, Associate Judge
Supreme Court, Hollo; Sr. Don. Tomas Ar
guellc-s, Manila; Hon. Julio Ageaolli, Pro
vincial Governor. JIlocos Norte; Sr. Don Lu
ciano Almeida, Union; Sr. Don Alejandro Al
bert Manila; Sr. Don Juan Arar.eta. Occiden
tal X^gron; Dr. Arlston BautUta. Manila; Sr.
Don Marcfa! Calleja, Provincial Fiscal Albay;
Sr. Don Alfredo de Castro, Municipal President,
Antimonan. Tayabas: Hon. Juan Climaco. Pro
vincial Governor. Cebu; Sr. Don Juan Dang
nndang. Municipal' President, Leyte. l>yte;
Sr. Don Uamon Genato. Manila; St. Don Gull
lermo Gomez. Iloflo: Sr. Don Manuel de Irlarte,
Chief Bureau of Archives, Manila; Sr. Don
Ceferlno de Leon. Bulacan; Sr. Don Juan de
Leon, Municipal President. Iloilo, Hollo; Hon.
Petenciano Ltsaca, Provincial Governor. Zam
bales: Sr. Don Leonieo Gonzales Llquete, ed
itor Le Democracta, Manila; fir. Don Vicente
I .lamas Laguna; f-r. Don, Jose Loyzaga y
Ageo,' proprietor Et Comfrcio, Manila; Hon.
Kimeon Lust, ex-Provincial Governor, Hatan
sas; Hon. Bernardino Monreai.. Provincial Gov
ernor. Sorsogon; Sr. Don Kuseblo Luzuriaga,
Occidental Xerros: Dr. Manuel Gomez Mar
tinez, Kcrftaiy Hoard of Health, Manila;. Sr.
Don Alejandro R. M'ndoxa, Municipal Presi
dent, Blnalonan. Pangaslnan; Sr. Don VI
crnt«? Nei>omuceno. . Provincial ! Fiscal, Gaga
yan; Sr. Don Vicente Noel. Cebu; Sr. Don
I>'on Novenario, Batangas; Hon. Joaquln Or
tega, ex-Provlnclal - Governor. Union; Hbn,
Ulcardo Paras. Provincial Governor, Tayabas;
Hon. Juan Plmentel. -Provincial Governor,
Amtxi Camarinea: Sr. ?. Don • Hilarion Itai
muado. Kizal; Hon. Alfonso Ramos. Provincial
Oovernor, Tarlac; -Sr.-Don Rafael Ramos.
Oriental Ncero»; Sr.,"-X)on' Jose -Rivera. Pro
vincial Secretary. Laguna; 8r. Don Alejandro
ftoccs. Laguna; Sr.' Don Nicolas Roces, Iloilo;
Dr. Baldomem P.oxas. Assistant Police fiur-
R«>on, Manila, Balances; Sr. Don Vicente Slng
wn, Provincial Fiscal, Ilocos. Sur; Hon.
Thomas G. del Roftario, Provincial Governor,
liataan; Hon. Eplfanin ¦ los. Santos, Pro
vincial Governor. Neuva., Urlja;. Sr. Don Juan
Sumnluiic. Rlzal; Hon. Mnrlano Trias, ex-
Prcvincihl Governor, Cavtte; Hon. Juan -Villa
mor, fx-Provlnclal Governor, Abra.
-In charge— Hon. Arthur \V. Ferguson • Ex
ecutive Secretary, for the Philippine Inlands
Disbursing officer— Captain T. II. Hardeman
Provincial Treasurer. Pangaslnnn. '
The commercial men of San.Fran
cisco have undertaken the task of en
tertaining the brown men when they
disembark from the, Siberia. There
will be banquets, drives and boat rides
for the visitors.
President Roosevelt has invited fifty
leading Filipinos to visit the World's
Fair and the principal cities of the
United States. It is proposed to treat
the visitors with the utmost courtesy
in order that they may carry back to
their island home the best impressions
of their new guardians.
The last named jurists state that
Mahoney has left his office and that
his successor has been installed. Such
being the case, the taxpayer can get
no relief as the election has- been held
and the money he sought to save has
been - spent. The question then is
"purely abstract and moot." The ac
tion is dismissed in the following
words:- "The demands of actual prac
tical litigation are too pressing, to per
mit the examination, or discussion of
academic -questions such as this case
in its present situation presented." For
how long a term are San Francisco's
county officers elected is a question not
yet settled.
About a year ago it became appar
ent to Mahoney and his masters fthat
there was no chance of re-election.
There had been many disputes between
members of the. legal, fraternity as to
whether the County Clerk's term
should be of two or four years. It
occurred to Mahoney or some of hla
confreres that if the case should be
brought to the attention of the courts
a decision might be secured in favor
of the proposition that the county offi
cials should hold offie'e for four years.
Richard Bradley, a taxpayer, there
fore brought suit to restrain the elec
tion commission from proceeding with
its preparations for the election of No
vember, 1903. The plaintiff's plea was
that unnecessary expense would be en
tailed by holding biennial instead of
quadrennial elections. Able attorneys
were secured and civil case fees,
amounting to a considerable sum, were
paid before the matter was finally
brought to : the attention of the Su
preme Court. The court , passed the
case to the commissioners. ¦! ;.; '.:. :.":¦•
The Supreme Court sent Ex-County
Clerk Mahoney a rare specimen of ji
legal gold brick from Sacramento yes
terday. It cost a considerable amount
of money at that. The court decides
that Mahoney is no longer County
Clerk, but neglects to state whether
he is entitled to the position or wheth
er the term of office should be two or
/our years. Many public officials were
awaiting the court's decision in this
matter and yesterday afternoon when
the result of the litigation became
known, there * was much laughter at
the erudite joke of the State's highest
tribunal.
Two Departments Are Baked
Over the Coals for Not
Complying With City Law
Supreme Court Evades Point
in Injunction Suit Filed
by the Ex-County Clerk
Board of Works Releases
3Iartin From His Bid on
Junk Sold by the City
"It has b*»en definitely decided by the)
•"Association for the Improvement and •
of San Francisco that D.
; H. Burnham of Chicago shall be invited
to make a pra"* : ~al and comprehensive
Ipiaxi for the improvement and adorn- I
•¦ment of this city. The directors of the I
association have passed resolutions to j
• t hat and hav*» also resolved that i
Mr. Burnham be urgently requested j
to have the plan completed within :
twelve months of May 1. 1904, also that !
V report be filed, if possible, within the |
prriod mentioned, of all matters direct- •
ly or indirectly relating to the subject
"matter. '--
'T.he directors of the association have
likewise resolved that one-half of the j
rnst for the plan to be prepared by Mr. I
.Burnham shall be raised by private !
Subscription and that the other half, if !
possible, shall be provided by the city, j
The resolutions do not fix the expense j
to be incurred in the preparation of a
plan. The total will probably be less
I han was originally in view because J
Mr. Burnham has said it will not be
.necessary for him to visit Europe. I
something like $20,000 may be expended
for the plan and report that Mr. Burn- j
ham will supply, i
•.The Improvement and Adornment Afl- !
relation, at a special meeting of the I
«J>oard of directors, elected Claus
Sprcckels as Its first honorary life
member. In a communication to Mr.
-Kpreck'els the directors of the associa
tion expressed their appreciation. A
part of the communication is as fol
lows:
Havinr signally «»rve<J our beloved city j
t itro'ugh your vast enterprise* and (what Is |
ingrr in the or<J«?r of the work which we are 1
s E^utiritt through th* <*r»-rtion of handsome j
t.ufMiriFs, thereby t-ncrurtxinis; a taste for '
hrchitectur* in thin community a* well as
through your beautiful rift to Golden Gate
I'&rk, we take a rpecia! pJearure in thus notl
i>lnc jou of jour elprtlon to the first place
on "ur honorary llrt of members.
. The communication is signed by Al- j
!an. Pollok, James D. Phelan, F. W. (
Doljrmann. Wiiliam Greer Harrison. T. I
dxy Friedlander, Leon Sloss and Her- J
b^rt IS. Law as directors and T. Me- i
I aleb as secretary. ;
Association to Improve and
* Adorn San Francisco Votes
to Employ Noted Expert
Commercial Bodies of City
Are Preparing to Honor
Fifty Leading Filipinos
ASKS BURNHAM
TO MAKE PLAN
WILL WELCOME
ADOPTED SONS
MAHONY GETS
A GOLD BRICK
District ' Health Officer Adler and
Special Inspector M. J. White will in
a few days present the report of their
investigations of maternity homes,
foundling asylums and baby farm3. It
is stated that the investigations have
revealed a startling condition of af
fairs in some of the homes run by pri
vate parties. Sensational results ire
predicted, but the officials will not
make their findings public until they
are filed with the Health Board. '
- The Board of Health will resume
publication of the monthly health bul
letin beginning with the current
month. The. Bertil lion system of clas
sification of disease has been adopted
and' will be" incorporated in the bul
letin. "•- • :.."-
Board Will Shortly Receive Sensa
tional Report on Maternity Homes
Vl&A ;an«l Foundling Asylums.
RESUMES " PUBLICATION
: OF HEALTH BULLETIN
Supervisor Braunhart arrived late'
but just in time to hear a discussion on
the employment of non-civil | service
service men. He joined in vigorously
and maintained that the Board of Edu
cation, having willfully broken the lay.
should not- be allowed to employ any
men other than teachers and those con
nected with educational matters, and
that all other, men, such as painters
and carpenters, should be employed
by the Board of Works. '.;:/>
The trouble arose through the testi
mony of Inspector of Schools Me-
Sheehy, who said that of the eighteen
men under him, there are several who
are not civil service men. •
School Director Roncovieri testified to
the effect that at the time the men
were employed, there were no eligible
carpenters or painters on the civil serv
ice list, and that the youngest painter
on the list was more than 62 years of
age.. He was known as "the Kid" and
was too old to climb a ladder.
The meeting adjourned and the mat
ter was taken under advisement.
BRAUNIIART JOINS IX.
under investigation yesterday afternoon
and the figures presented the day be
fore were again checked over.
CIVIL CHARTER
AGAIN IGNORED
CONFISCATES
HIS DEPOSIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12; 1904.
Xcw Fostofliee Station.
Postmaster Fisk announces that'
postofflce station' 3« in.the Mills build
ing will ' be. open for businss May 16. J
San Francisco Veterinary. Colleee.
Next session will begtn June 6th. Catalogue*
by applying to Dr. E. J. Creely, 610 G. G. av«.*
• ¦" Cremation establishments, under the
control of the. Government, are to be
found in the. chief cities of Japan. ,'¦'
The May edition of the Merchants'
Association Review, which was pub
lished yesterday, contains many bright
article's of particular interest to busi
ness men. The leading feature of the
issue is Frank Morton Todd's / "The
Awakening of Central California."
Contains Much of Interest.
Travel is heavy over the Raymond-Wawona
routes of the Southern Pacific to ••Yosetnlw
This oodular route . takes in the finest grove
of big trees, pawing through grand " old -WV
wona over an oiled stage road. Every trav
eler la delighted with this rout* and amazed
by the wonderful valley. Ask. for > rates and
details at 013 Market street. •
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. i
SPLIT, BSITTLE, DULL HAIS .
All • Coxae Trom Saadrcff, Which . Is |
Caused hy a Germ. \
Split hair. ha - d hair, lusterless hair. ¦
brittlo hair, falling hair, all owe their |
•<;rlprin to dandruff, whicli is caused by a. j
rncafdy little microbe'that burrows Into j
J"*te scalp, throwing uj) the <*uMc!« into i
<;<n<lrurr mcalem and sappine the vitality I
->f tho Imir at thf-root. «uiHirg the sev- 1
< ral dlsoasod conditions of the hair tllj it
liiNilly falls out. Modern jjclencc^has dls-1
pover*d a rrm«-<ly to destroy tiio dandruff j
microbe. w!»ir-ii is combined in NV-v. bro's I
M..riikid«». th* <3cllRhtful hair drcxslrg.
MIhvs itrliing inxtantly and makes hair
"a.s silk, .Take no substitute; noth-
iiip '"just as Kf*«\." Sold by Iftadtnp drug-
jcists." isrnd lOr in Ktamps fur sample'to
The Hcrpiclde Co., Detroit, Mich. .
- ! ADVEBTISEMENTS.
: _ . ! r . —1 , — , _ _ . . — •
. • ¦•. - ' /ADV£aTTF.F l MENTS»
! SOUTHERN QR I
I SCENIC ROUTE- x I
H "57 y HICH will it be ? y
|j My Choose the Southern Route and you |
q make the trans- continental trip under w
U conditions that leave nothing 'to be desired g
S • — blue skies, bright sunshine, air that is a con- p
I stant invitation to outdoor life. The service? |
H ' It is as good as the climate. Through trains y
U daily, San Francisco to Kansas City and Chicago ; U
H standard and. tourist sleepers, 1 ; chair cars, diner. t\
% Scenery is, of course, the. great attraction of jJ
a the Scenic Line. Leave* San Francisco any fl
|i "Wednesday, Thursday or Friday morning in a r]
U n Rock Island tourist sleeper and you will see II
|| almost- everything worth seeing .between the U
0 Golden Gate and Lake Michigan — the Sierra 9
n Nevadas, the Rockies, the great plains and M
II rivers of the Mississippi valleys. And it is all y
« done in a few days. ; . . *|
if \ Standard sleepers for Chicago, via Colorado ||
H Springs, leave San Francisco daily. y
p Full information on request — call, write, H
|| " telephone or telegraph. - |3
I l^^^^M c# A * rutherford » 1
n ff^!^4iT3 iMitgi District Passenger Agent, ||
H 623 Market St., San Francisco. ?JHE BURST INTO WHAT WAS EVI
DENTLY FROFANITY IN THE
JAP LANGUAGE.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cat
ilornia street. Telephone Main 1043, •
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Dr. Thomas Herran, formerly in charge of the Colom
bian legation at Washington, is suffering from nervous
prostration. Can anybody blame him? After his strenu
ous endeavor to make his mercurial and mercenary gov
ernment appear reasonably decent in the Panama Canal
affair, it was to, be expected, that the privilege of be
coming ill would be his by simple justice.
The rescuing party had landed on the
cannibal Island. "What "has become of
the editor that was wrecked here some
months ago?" they demanded.
"Oh, he's been promoted," chuckled
the savage in the tall hat.
"Promoted?'' i£@£|£8§|
"Yes; he's editor in chief now."—
Phlladelphia*Record.
A CALL is out for a State river convention, to meet
in Maple Hall, Palace Hotel, on' Monday, May 23.
The convention will be composed of delegates of
representative organizations from the counties of San
Francisco, Alameda, Contra Costa, San Joaquin, Solano,
Sacramento, .Yolo, Colusa. Sutter, Yuba, Glenn, Butte
and Tehama. Among those chosen as delegates are the
Boards of Supervisors, representatives . from each^ recla
mation district, and prominent citizens generally who are
interested in the subject of guarding against the injurious
river floods that have been experienced in .California's
great central valley region this year. The convention
will discuss the matter of taking whatever steps. under all
Premier Balfour has given public utterance to his con
fidence that the future holds-much of promise to Britain
and her dependencies. .Progress and prosperity are what
he saw in the mystic signs of theidays and years to come.
And yet in his prophecy he said nothing to indicate that
he would not be the guiding, genius of state;' leading her
on to the good things hoped, for and to be realized only
by stubborn intelligence.
STATE RIVER CONVENTION.
WIFE'S SISTER— P. N., City. The
English law that prohibits a man
from marrying his deceased wife's
sister is: Elizabeth Cap I. which rec
ognizes the Levitlcal degree as gov
erning marriages. These degrees are
set forth in various chapters of Levit
icus. The verse bearinc on marriage
with a wife's sister is Leviticus xviii.
18. These rules were followed by
church and Court and accepted, by
them. The chief argument In favor
of repealing the Elizabethan' act is
that the interpretation of , the verse
referred to Is wrong, for the verse for
bids a man to taka his wife's sister to
wife during the_. first wife's lifetime.
The limitation expressed in the verse
is ignored in the law.
A son of Joseph Chamberlain, on inquiry bent, has
come among us, scrutinized our political theory, and
practice, bothered his inquisitive brain and in sheer ex
haustion exclaims that he can neither understand us nor
our politics. Let us offer a suggestion to the investigat
ing visitor. Remain with us a little longer, choose your
company with discretion and learn that neither bluff,
bjuster nor buncombe counts true in the good will of the
American people' even in politics. % f
The Board of Supervisors is still talking of the ne
cessity of remodeling our theaters to reduce the danger
of fire and panic which lurks in most of them as a
menace to thousands of lives. It is many months since
the Chicago horror forced this matter into public notice
and still nothing has been done. The Supervisors should
stop talking. Every word they utter now on the subject
is an indictment of their neglect arid apparent contempt
of the welfare -of the public.
Native pearl fishers in the Gulf of
Panama and the Gulf of Mexico al
ways carry a long, keen-edged knife
in a leather belt when they go down
into the water, and they are ready at
any moment to make a desperate fight
for life. Unless taken unawares, the
chances are that they will come off
victorious.
"Many a fight have I had with the
shark, senor," said Juan Encisco, one
of the oldest and best of the Mexican
divers, "and only once have I been
bitten. That was when I was a young
man, unused to the business and ner
vous. If a man is quick at dodging
in -the water and keeps his knife
handy he need not be afraid of a
shark. Usually sharks are too timid
to attack a diver — but not always,
especially If the diver happens to
come down on them when they are
chasing a school of fish.
"Some divers wait for the shark to
turn on his- back and then rip open
his belly as he comes up through the
water to "seize them. I never do that;
it is too risky. I always swim under
an enemy and cut him open before
he has time to attack me. The shark
is a very slow fish in the water and a
good .diver can swim and dodge
all around him. .
'.'Last year a man Who went down
from my canoe was seized by a shark
Fighting the Shark.
PLAID — A. O. S.. City. Plaid, pro
nounced plade, not plad. has no ref
erence in the strict sense to the check
ered pattern of a fabric, though the
word is commonly used to express
such. In Popular Ballads the" editor
says In the glossary to his work: "This
¦word in the Gaelic or In any other
language of which I have any knowl
edge means anything broad and fiat,
and when applied to a plaid or blanket
signifies simply a broad, plain, uni
formed piece of cloth." Tennent, an
other English •writer, says: "The
brechan or plaid consists of twelve or
thirteen yards of narrow stuff wrapped
round the middle and reaches to the
knees."
FARMERS' ALLIANCE — Student.
City. The "Fanners' Alliance which
was organized in the seventies" was an
anti-secret' national organization of
agriculturists, founded in New York
in 1873, for mutual Improvement and
furtherance of political ends.
start.
With the joy of my love. The Spring
beats strong ¦ V'.-
In my blood, till it throbs with a
rhythmic song.
O sing, my heart, as the wind-harp
sings,
Thou race-harp, tuned by a thousand
Springs!
— Edna Kingsley Wallace, In The Critic.
When Spring sweeps blithely down the
world.
In covert whistling, in leaf-bud curled.
The sky hath laughter, the brown pool
thrills.
And cloud-shadows purple the wakening
hills.
O slngr. ye winds in tne vibrant pine;
O sing, ye birds, and your song be
mine!
For love wells up in my sleeping heart.
And tenderness blooms, and sweet tears
Love in Springtime.
WASHINGTON LIFE— Subscriber.
Creston, Cal. Any first-class book
seller will furnish you with books de
scriptive of social life and incidents in
the city of Washington, D. C., during
the incumbency of President Lincoln.
Answers to Queries.
Sharing her husband's tastes for a
country life, and aiming in all things
10 be a companion to him, Mrs. Car
regie cares little fer the allurements of
eociety and, save when dispensing the
generous hospitality of Sklbo Castle
to its fortunate guests, is little seen
by these who figure most conspicuously
in the London whirl of wealth and
fashion.
Probably few persons apart from
the Carnegies' intirr.ates realize how
much the Laird of Skibo is assisted by
bi£ wife in working out the details of
his various schemes. Some of them
are said to be suggested in the first !
instance by her. Before her marriage !
the former Miss Louise Whitfield was, |
of course, personally concerned with
many New York philanthropic socie
ties and a we!l known worker among ]
The Door of American cities.
• Although an American woman, Mrs. !
Carnegie is almost as enthusiastic as !
her husband In her admiration for j
Scotland and things Scottish, and finds ;
an outlet for her artistic tastes In j
embelHFhinpr her residences here and ]
in America with those decorative
ffhemes and ornamental devices which
impart to them a distinctive Scottish
atmosphere.
Among the recreations in which she
delights almost equally with Mr. Car
negie is golf, and the vigorous exercise
she thus obtains accounts in no small
.measure for the excellent health she
enjoys. The Carnegie golfing box at
Cnauncey, near the famous links of the
St. Andrew's Golf Club in Scotland,
was designed by her and first led to
the discovery that she possessed rare ;
architectural talents which she has
since been at some pains to cultivate.
Mrs. Carnegie is an ardent believer
in her husband's doctrine that the pos
session *jt wealth carries with it an ;
.obligation to help others rise above '¦
the obstacles of poverty to careers of
usefulness and happiness. Probably, ;
-however, she would hardly subscribe
to his declaration, made, by the way,
before he was married, that "the man
who dies rich dies disgraced," for it
is certain that their one child. Mar
garet, will never be left dependent on
her own exertions for a living. But
it is well known that Mrs. Carnegie
has more than once avowed her pur
pose of doing her best to train her
daughter to- spend money wisely, that
others may profit by it, and not de
vote it to indulgence in selfish luxur
ies. Apart from participation in her
husband's charities, Mrs. Carnegie de
votes much of her private purse to
beneficent objects, both here and in
America, but this is done so unosten
tatiously that the world hears nothing
of It. v
I London Stagcland.
Special Correspondence.'
HEADQUARTERS. OF" THE CALL.
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON. May t— There
who, like Robinson Crusoe's henchman,
was named for the day on which she
was born. Like* the imp in"" When We j
Were Twenty-One," too. Sunday has |
been brought up by four comrades, !
rough miners, who have not failed
among other things to teach the girl
how to use a six-shooter. Moreover,
they have advised her to use her
knowledge in case of insult.
To the town there comes a handsome,
devil-may-care Englishman, named
Brlnthorp, who makes love to Sunday.
But when he declares himself the girl
finds that marriage is not included in
his scheme. The two are in a mountain
pass and imagine themselves alone.
Sunday has her hand on her revolver
and is ready to shoot down the man
who has insulted her in such deadly
fashion when there is a report, and the
man falls, the victim . of the gun of
one of Sunday's four protectors, who
has overheard the interview and taken
it upon himself to avenge the girl. The
body is buried and the incident closed.
Then, through circumstances which
need not be described in detail, this
Western girl is taken to England by a
woman of title and Introduced in so
ciety there. Eventually she finds her
self a guest at the baronial hall of a
certain Colonel Brinthon>, who she dis
covers Is the brother of the man whom
her foster-parent, Towzer, had shot.
Colonel Brinthorp loves Sunday and
she returns his love, but in a morbid
way she considers herself the cause of
his brother's death, and so she repulses
him, and, unwilling to explain her at
titude, puts England behind her and re
turns to her first home — Silver Creek.
But Colonel Brinthorp follows, and one
night turns up in the little cabin
where Sunday and her four protectors
are sitting In the twilight, the girl try
ing to respond to the men's cheerful
ness. Brinthoro begs Sunday to marry
him, and she responds by telling him
the story of his brother's death, but
leaves the inference that he died by
her revolver. Towzer, however, hastens
to clear uo the situation by confessing
that it was he who shot the English
man. The end is prettily pathetic. In
the gloom of the cabin room it is im
possible to see from Colonel Brinthorp's
face what effect the revelations have
bad ui>on him. But evidently Sunday
has no doubt. Sadly she picks up her
candle and going up to each of her
j friends says "Good-night," but when
she turns to. the man she loves it is
"Good-by, Colonel Brinthorp." But the
man rises and says, "Good-night, Sun
day," and the curtain falls.
THE WIFE OF THE GREAT FINANCIER AND PHILANTHROPIST WHO GIVES
UEB RRAINS TO THE PROBLEMS Off HER HLEUANDS ACTIVITIES AXD
IS HIP UKPT ADVISER.
takes a good sized drink of whisky and
walks out and over to his shop. There
he writes a notice in his own language
conveying to the world the fact that
the little brown men have been once
more successful in battle. This no
tice he pastes in his window and to
each and every customer who comes
in during the day he explains its
meaning.
The other morning he waited on the
steps of his little shop as usual, made
his usual purchase of a morning pa
per and his usual rush to his friend
the "barkeep." .
"Japs win?" he asked before he was
fairly within the saloon, and without
giving his friend a chance to look at
the paper.
"No, lose 'em," replied the saloon
man, thinking to tease the little fel
low.
The cobbler almost fell to the floor
the shock was so great. He looked
at the barkeeper, burst Into what was
evidently profanity in the language of
the Japs and ran out of the place. He
took the first car that came along
bound downtown. That* night the
bartender went to the Hall of Justice
in answer to a summons from a friend
of his and put up $5 to get the disap
pointed and very much intoxicated lit
tle brown man out of jail.
THE Board of Supervisors are now busy preparing
the budget of municipal expenses for the ensuing
year. This budget is based upon an estimate made
by the Auditor of the expenditures of the city and county
government for the next ensuing year. The Auditor, in
making this statement, specifies the amount required to
meet the interest and sinking funds for all outstanding
funded debts and the wants of all the departments of the
municipal government, and he also estimates the amount
of income to be 'derived by the-city from fines, licenses
and other sources of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
property and the probable amount required to be levied
and raised by taxation.
After the Supervisors have determined the amount re
quired to pay the expenses of conducting the public busi
ness of the city and county for the next ensuing year
and thus determined the amount required to be raised by
taxation they must then proceed to levy the taxes for
the ensuing year.
Owing to the rapid gro'wth of the city the necessity for
larger Police and .Fire departments and the increased ex
penditures that are necessarily required in all the depart
ments of the city, government the taxes for the next year
will be as high as the law will permit.
Notwithstanding this an effort is being made to have
the Supervisors include in this budget a sum large enough
to construct'and equip a modern electric road on Geary
street.. - a / :
This cannot be done without taking the money from
the estimated expenses of running the various depart
ments of the city government. It cannot be done except
at the expense of the schools, streets and sewers, the
Police and Fire departments.
The charter provides that a public utility cannot be
paid for by the city and county out of its annual rev
enues unless these annual revenues are sufficient to pay
for this public utility in addition to the other necessary
expenditures of the city and county. The Board of Su
pervisors have twice declared by ordinance that the cost
of this particular public utility is too great to be paid
out of % the ordinary annual income and revenue of the
city and county, and therefore have twice submitted to
the people the question of determining whether they
would authorize the issuance of bonds in order thereby
to raise the money for this purpose. At both elections
the electors voted against the proposal.
If the people had indorsed these bonds payment would
have been extended over a period of forty years; but
even this mode of payment for this public utility was
twice rejected at the polls. To attempt now to impose
this entire burden upon thetax payers of the city at one
time, and take this entire amount, which was then esti
mated at $750,000, out of the pockets of the tax payers
in one year, and only then by curtailing the usefulness
of probably every other department of the city govern
ment, would be an outrage upon the entire community.
The tax payers of San Francisco at this time, when the
city is developing rapidly and splendidly and is more and
more attracting the attention of the world, are willing
and anxious that all proper demands from the various de
partments for increased income for the ensuing year
should be granted by the Board of Supervisors. They
want to see their city well managed, well policed and
amply protected from fire. They are not willing that the
usefulness of a single department of the city government
be impaired for want, of income in order to try an experi
ment in municipal ownership which has in one year been
twice rejected by them at the polls.
THE NEW BUDGET.
Another important document, upon which in the law's
devious course the distribution of more than a million
dollars may depend, is missing from the County Clerk's
office and everybody in authority is in blissful, careless
ignorance of where the paper may be. When the law
assumes to govern the affairs of the living ajnd of the
dead it should also assume the responsibility of absolute
protection. Criminal proceedings against the careless
might prove a corrective.
The automobile has come to stay
and let us not be such Silurians as to
try to hold back this Infant but rap
idly growing industry. The writer
knows that your paper stands for
progress and the advancement of this
city and State. San Francisco to-day
Is the only large city which prohibits
automobiles from its best roads in the
parks. Knowing, as we do, your in
terest in everything that will tend to
make San Francisco an up-to-date
city, we feel that you will Join with
us in looking toward the opening up
of all the drives in the park to the au
tomobile. "With you, we would Ilka to
see a reckless driver punished, but not
the entire automobile public prohibit
ed. Very truly,
SCOTT & BLAKESLEE.
San Francisco, May 11, 1904. a
Editor San Francisco Call — Dear Sir:
In response to your editorial under the
head of "Automobillng" in this morn
ing's issue of your esteemed paper. I
would like to have you publish the
following, viz.:
The sport of auto'mobiling is at
present undergoing the same troubles
in introduction into our parks as the
bicycles had in their early days. We
all can remember the great prejudice
created against the "scorcher" by his
own reckless riding. Of course, the
same is now true of the reckless auto
mobilisL There is no reason, how
ever, why the many innocent ones
should suffer because of the faults of
a few bad ones. The accident which
recently occurred in Golden Gate Park
was caused by reckless handling of a
good machine in the hands of a man
who had already had one accident and
had not profited by that experience.
He tried to make a difficult turn in
the road while going at a too high rate
of speed, and it is a well known fact
in professional automobile circles that
he was racing at the time of the ac
cident. A day or two after this acci
dent a youthful (and therefore irre
sponsible) chauffeur ran his machine
over the bank of the Ocean boulevard.
Both of these accidents were caused
by improper handling of the ma
chines. No one was to blame for
these accidents save the men who
were operating the machines at the
time.
If the park were properly illuminat
ed, as was the original intention of
the Park Commissioners, the license
number on the different machines
could be detected as well by night as
they could by day and a mounted po
liceman, would not have to give chase
to automobiles, but simply note the
number and could, the next day, swear
out a warrant for the arrest of the
holder of such license.
In Defense of the Automobile.
liE-VDQl'ARTERS OF THE CALL.,
& HENRIETTA STREET, LONDON.
iMay 1.— Mrs. Andrew Carnegie sat.
quite recently, for the accompanying
j'lhotograrh. which her friends consider
one of the best she has ever had taken.
Sj>cc:*\ \yisv*lcb I* Th* Call
Carnegie's Helpmate.
just as he came up to the surface of
the water. The shark pulled him down
and we never saw a trace of him
again.' I have seen many such deaths,
senor, during the forty years I have
been a pearl diver, but more of us
die through remaining too long under
water."
One part of Mr. Hearst's article is to be highly com
mended, for he admits that Christianity has merits while
declaring that very few work at it. After all, he thinks
that it teaches "abstract unselfishness," while he insists
that: "If some able man will give a great boom to the
theory of reincarnation, making every man" believe that
a few years will perhaps find him in the place of the most
unfortunate of mortals we may get results." We are
charmed with the modesty of this. Is not Mr. Hearst
already booming reincarnation and is he not an able man?
Behind his article is a deep political significance that
far outruns the tenacious purpose of Mr. Bryan. He is
desirous of achieving the Presidency. If he can't get it
in his present body/ which his campaign biography as
sures us is six feet long, forty years old and of command
ing aspect, he proposes to keep it up by dodging into the
bodies that stand in line for the office.
When the ticket sales open for a first night at the opera
it is the custom of the offensive plutocrats, referred to by
Mr. Hearst, to hire messenger boys to hold places in the
line for them that they may secure seats. Mr. Hearst
lives and learns. He proposes to achieve the Presidency
now, if possible; if not, with a perseverance that outruns
that of the saints, he proposes to have an option through
all the future as tenant in the body of some one who is
near the prize.
The gentlemen who run his headquarters here will
hope for the same indefinite continuance. Mr. Tarpey
has probably already staked out the managerial form in
which he will reappear to run that distant campaign. .It
is undoubtedly Mr. Hearst's view that "when he makes
that far try for the honor Barry and Leake will either be
scrubbing offices as char-women or catching cold in de
collette dress as the jaded leaders of fashion. -
AFTER his second defeat Mr. Bryan said "They,"
meaning the wicked Democratic reorganizes,
"are not going to get rid of me. I am young, ex
pect to live a long time and will always have something
to do "»ith politics." That projected trouble far into the
future, but after all limited it to the brief tenure of one
life.
Mr. Hearst is the logical successor to Mr. Bryan and is
seeking the Presidency by methods that are, in a cer
tain sense, an improvement on those of Mr. Bryan, who
made money running for the Presidency while Mr.
Hearst is spending it. Mr. Bryan said that his two can
didacies improved his earning power. Mr. Hearst's can
didacy has greatly improved his spending power. In the
midst of all his activities as a candidate Mr. Hearst finds
time to write editorials for his several newspapers, and
recently has served notice on the public that he may have
something to do with politics for an indefinitely pro
longed period.
This editorial is on the subject of the transmigration of
the soul, its repeated reincarnations in a job lot of
bodies and its recurrent revisiting of the glimpses of the
moon. This doctrine of metempsychosis is an old, a ven
erable, doctrine. Mr. Hearst writes about it with the
zeal and enthusiasm of a recent convert. He prefers it
to what he calls "the Jewish conception of Heaven." He
reminds the man who has got rich out of public utilities,
such as railroads, that when he dies and loses a grip on
his soul, which "going out of the back door may re
enter at the front door" in the body of some hectic and
underfed person, perhaps destined to be run over and
smashed up on his own railroad. Rich women are also
warned to look out lest they get a ticket on this everlast
ing round trip that will r.»ake them the tenant of the body
of some worker in a sweat shop.
But the most interesting part of Mr. Hearst's belief in
reincarnation is the statement that very wicked men
are especially punished in his system of waking up some
fine morning to find themselves sentenced to a long term
in the body of a woman. We are surprised at tins. Why
does Mr. Hearst regard lovely woman as a sort of San
Quentin or Sing Sing? In the name of that fairest and
finest fleshly tabernacle of the soul we protest against
this. In the first place no lady likes to think that she is
inhabited by the coarse soul of a bad man,' or a good one
cither. She wants her own and should have It at what
ever cost. We are sure that all right thinking men will
stand picket to prevent such an unutterably unpleasant
case of housebreaking as it would be to let some porch
climbing and burglarious male soul, with an appetite for
whisky and tobacco, break into such fair and unmerited
quarters.
No doubt Mr. Hearst, pressed for an explanation of his
theory, will insist that the advocates of woman suffrage
are ladies who have the misfortune to have concealed
about them the souls of repeaters and ward healers. He
would insist that Miss Shaw is probably tenanted by Cap
tain Isaiah Rynders, and that Tweed is addressing legis
latures in behalf of suffrage as some fair young thing
who feels a mission to vote and is urged on by the dis
embodied chief of Tammany. Of course Mr. Hearst's
blameless and beautiful life is the result of his determi
nation not to have to wear corsets and hold up his skirts
in his next reincarnation.
Continuing Mr. Hearst carries^ his doctrine into the
probate court by declaring that the selfish plutocrat who
leaves his money to his two or three children, "tying up
his fortune to keep.it from the" mass of the people,"
would do quite differently if he realized that he was like
ly to be a gutter snipe as soon as the undertaker had
flourished his melancholy screw driver over his coffin for
the last time.
"Yep," replies the bartender, glanc
ing hastily at the paper. "Kill lots
Russians."
"Good; much good," the cobbler
shouts, laughing heartily and caper
ing about in front of the bar. Then
he places a 10-cent piece on the bar,
"Japs win?" he asks, his little eyesj
snapping and his hands trembling
with suppressed emotion.
Out in the Mission is a little cobbler
shop presided over by a very small,
very old and very garrulous Japanese.
He is also very patriotic, though of
course this trait in his character did
not become manifest until the open
ing of hostilities between his country
and Russia. He has a peculiar way
of showing his patriotism. Every
morning shortly after sunrise he ap
pears at his shop door. He makes no
effort to open the place for business,
but calmly takes his seat on the steps
leading into the shop and waits until
the morning papers are delivered.
Just as soon as he spots a carrier he
rushes up to him, buys a paper and
then hastens to a nearby saloon. The
bartender is a great friend of his and
to him he hands the paper.
Japanese Patriotism.
"Sunday" is exactly the 6lmple sort
of play with a happy ending and no
ambition to teach anything, which the
public on both sides of the- water in
sists upon liking best in spite of the
folk who think it ought to like some
thing else. Its heroine is a foundling,
seems to bf no doubt that "Sunday."
the romantic play produced at the
Comedy Theater, is what every London
manager ha* been seeking— another
"Mice and Men." with a Ions run here
in front of it and favor In the United
States as well. This is the piece upon
which three young members of Wilson
Parrett's company collaborated under
the name of 'Thomas Racewood."- Its
atmosphere is largely American, two
cut of the four scenes being: laid in a*
Western mining town. Fred Terry and
his wife. Julia Ncilson, produced the
play, and its success or failure meant
a lot to thorn. These two capable stage
folk made an uncommon success in
Paul Keeter'? "Sweet Nell of Old
Drury." but since have come croppers
with two unsuccessful plays, with the
result that they have been rather un
der a cloud. This, by the way. was ex
actly the position of Forbes Robertson
and Gertrude Elliot before they hit on
"Mice and Men."
of the. circumstances may seem best and will arrange for
concerted action by all interests, commercial, agricultural
and governmental, to provide a remedy against future
damage by floods. V
The injury ordinarily done by overflowing rivers in this
State is exceedingly small in comparison with what is suf
fered in many other States, both in point of pecuniary loss
and the extent of territory submerged, and occurs- only
in occasional years when the rainfall is excessive and at
mospheric conditions are peculiarly favorable to floods,
yet it is well to be prepared against all occurrences that
tend to reduce the steady earning power of the soil.
While the inhabitants of the Sacramento and San Joaquin
valleys arc the ones immediately, interested, the question
concerns all residents of the State. Leaving out of the
discussion any general financial depression caused by
floods in a given locality, the partial or entire destruc
tion of those products that are raised only in that locality
brings to a certain extent a hardship upon all, not only
because of a decreased supply, but because of the in
creased price therefor, consequent upon 'the disturbed
condition of the market supply.
The matter is important and it is to be hoped the con
vention will successfully solve the problem, as that part
of the State tributary to our great rivers is rich and fertile
and every safeguard should be taken to make, its annual
output a fixed asset.
ANOTHER CAMPAIGN.
THE SAN FRANCISCO/ CAi:U:;THURSDA^VMAY^ 12/; 1904.
THE; MN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPFECKELS, Proprietor . , . . ? . ... . . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office , <s^^^^^ > * Third and Market Street*. S. F.
THURSDAY . . . . . . . .:.... .MAY 12, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8J5EEL.ET 6UES FOR |05O0.— E. A. Seeley
yesterday filed a suit to recover from L. - L.
Mundy the sura of $9500 he alleges Mundy bor
rowrd from G. G. Hunt. He trices the suit
as asrlcn'.-e of Hunt.
The entertainment that was recent
ly given in aid of the Little Infants'
Shelter by the Beehive Circle was
puch a great success that the circle
will in a short time hand the institu
tion a. check for $500.
For Little Infants.
Samuel J. Mack, a teamster for
Stafford & Co., coal merchants, was
arrested yesterday by Officer McCurrie
of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals on a charge of
cruelty to animals. Mack was driving
a team on Seventh avenue and it is
alleged that he jabbed one of the
horses so fiercely with the end of a
broken whip that the animal's sides
were covered with blood.
Chnrced With Cruelty.
The Best Way to the Exixrcirlnn
Is to take a Southern and Union Pacific tourist
car which will carry you straight through
without change. Parties specially conducted
with porter In attendance. New windows new
upholstery, new lavatory appliances and' spe
cial rates. Write or see S. P. Booth General
Agent, U. P. R. R.. 1 Montgomery »t. •
Tickets are on sale at the Gaelic
League heado^iarters, room 23, Mur
phy building, from 7:20 to 9:30 p. m.
and may also be obtained at 4 Hayes
street and 33 Fourth street.
The O'Carolan Choral Society of
Oakland will sing an ancient Gaelic,
war song. Four and eight hand reels
¦will be danced by members of the
tiaelic Dancing Club and an exhibition
of step dancing will be given by the
juvenile class. Judging by the sale of
..tickets a goodly sum will be placed to j
«he credit of the educational fund* of
the Gaelic League. !
The contest is open to men and
v.omen and the best dancers of both
sexes will be declared champions of
tire roast. Medals will be awarded
•the champion dancers. Many entries
Kave been received from various cities
on -the coast. The test dances are Jigs
and reels for women, hornpipes and
'jigs for men.
* An excellent and entertaining pro
gramme has been prepared by the
committee. The address by Rev. P.
C. Yorke will be of special interest.
He will speak on a particular phase
of the present Gaelic movement.
The Pipers' Club will play a selec
tion of ancient Gaelic musical num
bers which have never been heard on
this coast.
<¦' Under the auspices of the Gaelic
League in California a dancing contest
for the championship of the Pacific
Coast will be held in the Alhambra
Theater on Friday and Saturday even-
Ings of this week.
Thr Gaelic League In California Pre
pares to Award Championship of
the Pacific Coast.
PAXCERS WILL COXTSST
FOR HANDSOME .MEDALS
The Rebekahs,
At the morning session of the Cali
fornia Assembly of the Rebekahs in
Golden Gate Hall yesterday the report
of Miss Fannie Benjamin, president of
the Board of Trustees of the Orphans'
Home at Gilroy, was read and dis
cussed at length, but action was de
ferred. It was decided that xin en
larged portrait of Mrs. Caroline A.
Hoxett of Gilroy, who donated the
land upon which the home stands, be
procured and placed in the institution.
During the afternoon there was
some routine business and then there
were addresses by Mr. and Mrs. Bulen,
the husband past grand master and
his wife past president of the assem
bly of the jurisdiction of Iowa; Past
Grand Master Karl Brueck, Past
Grand Master L. L. Alexander, Grand
Master C. W. Baker and Grand Treas
urer J.VW, Harris, for the good of the
assembly and the order.
The assembly also heard the report
of the committee on laws for Rebe
kahs and the reading of telegrams of
congratulations from a dozen other
jurisdictions. ' ,-
Medical College Graduates.
The forty-sixth annual commence
ment exercises of the California Medi
cal College will be held m Native Sons'
Hall next Tuesday evening. The or
der of exercises includes an overture,
the "Faculty March," by the orchestra;
invocation by Rev. George Greenwell;
soprano solo; Mrs. Gertrude M. Mills;
selections. M. J. Hynes; conferring of
the degree, by D. McLean, M. D., presi
dent and dean of the college, and an
address by Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz.
Professor Henry M. Owens will be the
master of ceremonies. The programme
will be followed by dancing.
Every One Knows.
Thousands are asking for the reduced
rates to the St. Louis 'World's Fair. Ev
erybody knows the Santa Fe- is the short,
quick way. Inquiries addressed 641 Mar
ket street, San Francisco, will be
answered at once. •
WOMAN LEAVES LARGE ESTATE— The
estate of the late Emily F. Pope, widow of the
late Thomas Pope of the firm of Pope & Tal
bct, was appraised yesterday at $1,860,687. It
consists of $133,708 cash, stock In the Pope
Estate Company worth $966,406 and stocks and
bcnd3 of the value of $469.513. ,
According to reports received from
Southern Pacific agencies in the East
the sale of tickets for the Methodist.
Grocers' and Locomotive Engineers'
conventions, held during this month
in California, numbered 2740, all of
which include San Francisco in the
routing, either westbound or on the
homeward trip. The Methodists and
locomotive engineers are still In ses
sion at Los Angeles and will come to
J?an Francisco after their adjournment.
The grocers met here and have since
been doing Southern California, so that
both ends of the State have enjoyed
about an equal share of the benefits
accruing from this class of travel from
the East. These figures, of course, do
not include the same kind of traffic
handled over the lines of the Santa
Fe. which brought a large proportion
of the Methodists and engineers to
the coast.
Southern Pacific Company Handles
Nearly Three Thousand Delegates
From the East.
CONVENTION BRINGS t
MANY TO THE COAST
The election of grand officers for
the ensuing term will begin immedi
ately after the reading of the minutes
to-day and will be contfnued until all
the officers are chosen. J. W. Llnscott.
at present deputy grand master, will
undoubtedly be advanced to the posi
tion of grand master, while- W. W.
Phelps, the grand warden, will stand
a good chance of being advanced to
second place. There will be several
candidates for grand warden, but the
most prominent named. is W. I. Bro
beck of this city. Grand Secretary
George T. Shaw and Grand Treasurer
J. W. Harris are reasonably sure of
being re-elected. •
The Grand LodgeW the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows met in second
day's session in Native Sons' Hall yes
terday morning, but owing to the fact
that the various committees to which,
were referred the several reports of"
officers at the previous day's session
very little was done.
There was an Informal discussion
on the question of securing water for
the White tract in Santa Clara Valley,
on which it is proposed to build a new
home for the Odd Fellows, who in
time will come under the care of the
order. The water which flows in Pen
etencia Creek was analyzed and pro
nounced so strongly Impregnated with
mineral as to render it unfit for do
mestic use. The same report was made
as to water taken from a well on the
land. . . ** "
ODD FELLOWS WILL
ELECT NEW OFFICERS
On Monday night, May 1G, Mr. Mans
field presents his great production and
character of "Ivan the Terrible," writ
ten by Count Alexis Tolstoy and first
performed in English by Mr. Mansfield
at the New Amsterdam Theater on
March 1 last, with the most pronounced
triumph of any event of many seasons.
A critic cabling his London paper went
so far as to say "there have been only
two things on the New York stage this
winter— 'Parsifal 1 and 'Ivan the Terri
ble.' " Other opinions were in accord,
and the impression has cemented itself
that this la one of the greatest per
formances of the modern stage.
The Richard Mansfield dramatic fes
tival at the Columbia is only one week
distant. The sale of seats begins to
day and the indications point to the
largest sale in the history of coast the
atricals. Orders are coming in from all
California cities, for Mansfield does not
appear in any other California city
than San Francisco. These orders will
not be filled, however, till the sale
opens, so that the purchasers in line
shall have every opportunity for first
choice of seats.
Count Alexis Tolstoy's
"Ivan the Terrible"
to Be Seen.
RICHARD MANSFIELD, WHO WILL.
APPEAR HERE IN TOLSTOY'S
"IVAN THE TERRIBLE."
The heads of. the various departments
of the Southern Pacific Company are
discussing a rumor to the effect that
a new title Is soon to be bestowed by
President Harriman upon Chief Coun
sel William Herrin.
According to the information that
reached the various offices Chief Coun
sel Herrin will soon be officially des
ignated as the chief executive officer
of the company on this coast, with the
title of either "assistant to the presi
dent" or vice president. These two
titles are now held By Director of Main
tenance and Operations Julius Krutt
schnitt of the Harriman lines, who is
soon to leave for | Chicago. His titles
of assistant to the president and vice
president were conferred on him in or
der that the head of the big railroad
system might be relieved . of much of
the tedious work of signing papers and
documents in this city.
In the departure shortly of Julius
Kruttschnitt for Chicago, President
Harriman has realized the need of an
other representative here and has, in
the minds of the majority of the rail
road officials here, justly selected Chief
Counsel Herrin as the most available
man for the responsibilities of the local
executive position. It Is generally con
ceded that no one here in the employe
of the Southern Pacific Company is
more in the confidence of President
Harriman than Attorney. Herrin, a fact
that has often been remarked when It
has become known that President Har
riman has telegraphed for the lawyer
to meet him on his way to this city
and very frequently the lawyer is in
vited to accompany the president east
ward so that they may, while enjoying
the extreme privacy of their- car, dis
cuss railroad matters in so far as they
apply to the Western interests of the
Harriman syndicate. According to the
best advices received at the railroad
building the order announcing Herrin's
appointment will make its* appearance
in a few days.
Suits for divorce were filed by Eliza
beth Williams against C. J. Williams
for desertion, Elizabeth Price against
John W. Price for neglect. Nettie L.
Trimpler against William F. Trimpler
for- neglect, Mathilda Olson against
Gustaf Olson for desertion, Mary P.
Fowler against Herbert F. Fowler for
neglect, and Charles G. Jarmon against
Ira J. Jarmon for cruelty. Mrs.. Jar
mon alleges that her husband attempt
ed to drown their infant child in a
sink.
During the trial of the contested di
vorce suit of John J. Rutherford
against Mary M. Rutherford yesterday
in Judge Graham's court Mary M.
Croll was a witness on behalf of the
defendant. She testified that Ruther
ford had brought his seven-year-old
daughter, Amelia, to her delicatessen
store on Folsom street on February 22.
This was emphatically denied by the
defendant and Judge Graham sent for
the little girl, promising that in the
event that her story did not coincide
with that of Mrs. Croll a rigid investi
gation for the purpose of determining
whether perjury had been committed
would be made. The little girl's story
did not coincide with that of Mrs..
Croll, but the Judge took no action.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Frank E. Davidson from Anna David
son for desertion. Mary A. Paddock
from Herbert Paddock for neglect, and
Ella McKeany from Andrew McKeany
for desertion.
Ernestine Wiehn wants a divorce
from Jacob Wiehn on the ground of
cruelty, alleging that her feelings have
been hurt because her husband per
sists in throwing candles and spoons
at her. She also complains that he
frequently threatens to choke her.
Edwin J. Schaller apparently thinks
more of his typewriter than he does of
his wife, Florence. He once told Mrs.
Schaller that he would rather choke
her to death than discharge the young
lady. Evidence to this effect was fur
nished by Mrs. Schaller and a friend
in Judge Hebbard's court and the
court promptly granted her a decree
of divorce.
Judge Murasky granted decrees of
divorce to Isadore Labell from Chris
tie LabeVl and Lillie Bernzott from
August Bernzott. Mrs. Labell was
cruel to her husband and Bernzott
neglected his wife.
SUSPICIOUS EVIDENCE.
Florence Schneider, wife of William
C. Schneider, a commercial traveler in
the employ of the Lloyd Scovel Iron
Works, tells a pitiful tale of woe in a
complaint for maintenance filed yes
terday. She says shells nearly heart
broken' because when she called her
husband to the deathbed of their little
son at Santa Rosa he would not obey
the summons. She says he received
the message while he was at Pasadena
and paid no attention to it, but con
tinued carousing about the southern
town in the company of dissolute com
panions. She further avers that; she
has suffered because of his neglect and
hardheartedness, not only during the
trying times before . and after her
child's death, but also because, though
he earns $350 a month and has a bank
account of $5000, he does not provide
for her, and that he even compelled
her to defray the burial expenses of
the little one. She asks for a division
of the community property and such
monthly allowance as is necessary to
supply her needs.
QUEER WEAPONS.
• Prince Karl von Ratibor, convoy to
Prince and Princess Hohenlohe-Schil-
HngFfurst, who are visiting the St.
"Jxmis exposition, arrived • here yester
<!»y accompanied by his wife, Princes/3
Elizabeth RatJbor, and Victor, Duke
• of Ratibcr. The distinguished party of
German nobles Is making a hurried
trip across the continent with a view
oi petting a glimpse of the country.
Thoy will remain here until to-morrow
:<:id then go to the Ytrsemite Valley
under escort of Thomas Walton, and
from there they will hasten eastward
By way cf Ogden to join the Prince
and Princess Hohenlohe-Schillingsfurst.
who expect to embark on their home
.iva'rd journey on June 9.
The Hohenlohe-Schillingsfurst and
Jlatibor families are among the oldest
in Germany and are closely allied by
marriage, the Princess Hohenlohe-
S<hi:iingsfurst being a sister of Prince
Karl von Ratibor. Prince Hohenlohe-
being a son of the eldest
Njn t'f the late German Chancellor and
the general manager of the Hamburg-
American line cf steamers. He came
i<> this country on April 26 for the pur
.PQse of attending the opening of the
Louis exposition. His party in
cluded a number of distinguished Ger
, rr.ans besides those who arrived here
yesterday- ; .
PARTY DIVIDES.
•Immediately after the exposition was
formally opened the party divided, the
Prince and Princess Hohenlohe-Schil
•jlngefurst and several of their com
panions going to Cincinnati, while
Prince and Princess Ratibor and the
."Duke of Ratibor came West by way of
Los Angeles. In discussing his trip to
.California yesterday Prince von Rati
b*T-said he had been greatly pleased
vith what he had had a chance to see
during his rapid transit. The democ
racy so noticeable among the people
throughout the United States had im
pressed ail the members of the party.
'/Prince Hohenlohe - Schillingsfurst
had hoped to come this far west." re
, marked Prince von Ratibor, "but un
fortunately he had made other engage
ments and so we came to the shores of
The Pacific without him.
WANT TO SEE YOSEMITE.
"Our greatest desire after reaching
this country was to see the beauties of
the Yosemite Valley of which we have
always heard eo much, and we hasten
ed to the Pacific Coast as fast as we
. tould come. What little we have seen
of California has surprised us a great
deal. It is undoubtedly a very produc
tive section and is being developed in
a very systematic manner. One of the
great reliefs experienced by the visitor
¦to your country is the marked absence
cf continental forms of address and the
free and easy rrianners of your people,
whu are unquestionably a race of pleas
ure lovers."
One thing that Prince von Ratibor
does not like, although he would net
admit it for pubiicaiion, is the Ameri
can hotels, the customs of which are
- strange to him and caused no end of
confusion to Prince Hohenlohe-Schil
lingsfurst and himself during their stay
in New York, Washington and St.
Louis. Nothing, however, he remarked,
surpasses the hospitality of the Amer
ican people, and he added that this
• ehould include the hotel managers,
¦who. seemingly appreciating his em
barrassment at times, had afforded him
• f : very possible comfort for enjoying
himself. While in St. Louis the Ger
man noblemen and their ladies occu
lted apartments at the same hotel in
•which was Prince Pu Lun of China,
to whom they were formally intro
duced and were invited to partake of
the Oriental representative's hospital
ity at the exposition on their return
there.
It took more of the same hard work
on Heney's part to get from the wit
ness admissions as to his attempts to
influence the President and Secretary
Hitchcock in Hyde's interests. The let
ters sent to each, however, were finally
introduced In evidence, and It thus ap
peared that Bailey had given the Sec
retary a batch of testimonials in Hyde's
favor from leading Californians, in
cluding Senator Perkins and Governor
Pardee, and that he had written Roose
velt that the troubles over the land
cases and the prospect of radical leg
islation regarding the forest reserves
were liable to imperil Republican pros
pects in this State during the Presiden
tial campaign. The witness did not
claim that he succeeded in producing a
panic at the White House.
Other witnesses of the day were S. S.
Morton, receiver of the local land of
fice, and two of the office clerks. Miss
Ethel L. Cumbers and Fred D. English.
They were called to prove that Hyde's
clerks were busy last year in guiding
some of his white and colored purchas
ers of school lands to the office, where
they made affidavits designed to repair
the defects in his titles and thus aid in
lifting the suspension order issued
against all the Hyde lieu selections
pending before the Interior Depart
ment.
D. E. Tennyson, a San Jose notary,
was the last important witness of the
day. He told how Hyde had commis
sioned him to get some of his "reliable
friends" to take up school lands. He
spent a good part of last year in this
work and got $4 a head for all the ap
plicants he got to sigrf the blanks Hyde
provided him with. The applicants
themselves got nothing for the surren
der of their school land rights unless,
perchance, one might plead that he
needed a meal. "In such case," said
the witness, "I gave him four bits."
None of the forty or more applicants
who were thus induced to take up
school lands without compensation for
Hyde's benefit had ever seen the lands
described by them under oath as from
personal knowledge.
This morning at 10 o'clock Attorney
Knight hopes to have Mrs. Belle A.
Curtis in court for further examination
connected with points in the anonymous
letters. He says she has been evading
the service of a summons for a week
or more, but said yesterday that he
had finally succeeded In locating her..
TRIED TO SCARE ROOSEVELT.
Gilbert E. Bailey, a mining expert,
who has been employed during the last
year by Defendant Hyde, was next
called by Heney. who Questioned him
at length regarding his mission- to
Washington last year, when Hyde paid
him $150 a month, as he said, to keep
an eye on proposed legislation hostile
to the speculator's Interests. Bailey was
a reluctant witness, and only after
many evasive answers did he finally
admit that Hyde had sent him the $20,
000. This he deposited with the surety
company that furnished a bond of
equal amount for Hyde's codefendant,
Joost H. Schneider, when he was ar
raigned in the Supreme Court of the
District of Columbia.
All testified to the care taken to keep
their investigations from public notice
—a precaution that succeeded as to al
most all the details, although many
rumors, largely inaccurate, found their
way into the newspapers. The only
serious leak the Government witnesses
were willing to admit was that which
led to Hyde's office. Because of the
evidence that the speculator was fur
nished by his tools in the land office
with secret information regarding the
investigation and that Hyde communi
cated this to his attorney, Dimond, the
Government claims to have shown con
clusively that the anonymous letters
were the product o* Dimond's pen and
typewriter.
Just one witness was called by
Knight of Dimond's counsel. This was
ex-Senator C. N. Felton, who, sum
moned before as a witness for Dimc-nd,
had given damaging testimony by
denying that he advised the defendant
to "bone" Hyde for further compen
sation and declaring that he could not
definitely recall having seen the anony
mous letter Dimond said he had shown
the venerable statesman. Felton yes
terday modified his farmer testimony
to the extent of saying that, on later
reflection, he believed Dimond had read
a letter or parts of one to him at their
interview, but that he had paid no at
tention to it.
SKCRECY OXLY PARTIAL*
"This hearing must end not later
than Friday, gentlemen, argument or
no argument." So said United States
Commissioner Heacock to the lawyers
In the land frauds case at the close of
yesterday's session. The attorneys'
promises to complete the testimony
had not been kept, owing to the finding
of new witnesses and the failure to
find others. His Honor's peremptory
warning may be taken as an indica
tion of the limit of proceedings before
him, but it is admitted that the attor
neys for the defense, anticipating the
possibility that Heacock may hold
their clients for trial, are preparing
for habeas corpus and other proceed
ings before* Federal Judges de Haven
and Morrow. These may take much
time and defer the removal cf Hyde
and Dimond to Washington indefi
nitely.
Most of the day was occupied by
Government Counsel Heney in calling
out testimony from Federal officers and
employes to show that their investiga
tion o-f the Hyde-Benson transactions
in lieu lands was carefully kept secret
from the public until after the indict
ment was returned. This evidence was
designed to meet the allegations of
Dimond's counsel that the facts set
forth in the anonymous letters were
known to many persons when these
epistles were written and, therefore,
that Dimond had no exclusive knowl
edge that wc/uld connect him with
their authorship. The persons exam
ined were William J. Burns, the secret
service man. and Judge A. B. Pugh,
the attorney of the Interior Depart
ment, who were engaged in gathering
the evidence and preparing the case
for the Grand Jury of the District of
Columbia; Irvin Rittenhouse, Burns'
secretary and stenographer, who took
down the confessions of Harlan and
Valk, the land office clerks who de
clare they were bribed by Benson, and
Oliver E. Pagin. Assistant Attorney
General of the United States, the ex
pert who wrote the long and compli
cated indictment against .which the de
fendants have been battling during
seven weeks.
Julius ivruttschnittY Pro
motion Places Lawyer in
a Position for Advance
Are Members of Hohenlohe-
SchilJingsfurst Party on a
Trip to the Exposition
Avers He Was Carousing
While She Sat at Death
bed of Their Little Boy
Effort to Influence Roose
velt on His Behalf Is
Admitted by His Agent
MILL GO TO YOSEMITE
TESTIFY AGAINST HYDE
ORDER DAILY EXPECTED
TELLS A PITIFUL TALE
Florence Schneider Sues Her
Spouse to' Compel Him to
Provide for^ Her Living
Prince and Princess and
Duke von Ratibor Making
Flying Trip Over the Coast
Commissioner Is Exhausted
by Unexpected Delays in*
the Land Frauds Hearing
Report Says Chief • Counsel
Is to Be Made Harriman's
Executive Official Here
HERRIN TO GET
ANOTHER TITLE
SAYS HUSBAND
NEGLECTS HER
HEACOGK SAYS
CASE MUST END
GERRMAN NOBLES
VISITING CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; MAY ' 12, 1904.
MANSFIELD
WILL PLAY
IN CITY
9
I I VU LI HOUSE.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT.
Superb Production of the Greatest MuaJcal
Comedy
I I Detljrhtful 1
Received * Singers
With A Clever
Enthusiasm X*. Actors
I runaway!
Immense \J( X.X\lU Girt
Success !«¦¦¦¦¦¦¦«««» _ _ ml Chorus
Usual Tlvolt Prices— 25c 50c. 75c
MME. SLAPOFFSKI,
England's Greatest Frima Dona* So-
prano; SUdffley tad Carlisle; Clara
Ballerlnl; Georg-s R. Wood; Ballerial's
Bo?i; and Orpbeum Motion Pictaroi;
last times of Davis, Macaul*? and Com-
pany; Sisters Gasch; Kal Merritt and
Brandow and "Wiley.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 23c
and 50c.
ALCAZAR B :« W
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— Mats. Thursday and Saturday.
Piquant French Comedy by Alfred Capua.
-pup ,
~r \ n I •-x SUCCESS OP
I 1A/\J two coirrorEirrs
SCHOOLS
"It Is brimmlnjt with fun." — Bulletin.
Thursday Matinees Besomed To-Day.
Ev*.. 25c to 75c: Mats. Thur. & Sat.. 23c to 50e.
Next Monday — Julia Marlowe's Succaca,
— — — CO1JXJI JJTTJH
A Comedy-Drama by Henry Guy Carleton.
Market st, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
Magnificent Production of the Celebrated Ro-
mantic Drama.
TUE TUDCC
Int Inntt
MUSKETEERS
PRlfF^ Evening....: 10c to 50c
rnlVCJ Matinees lOc. 13c. 25c
Next week— DOWN BY THE SEA.
Kirn-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Xrenmir in th« Tneater.
TO-NXQKT — — -,
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
—Concluding With— —
NEW LIVING PICTURES '
Take a Ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
VISIT CABARET DE LA MORT.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN 3c
I When Phcnlns Ask for "The Chutes."
i ... .. . =a
Paiarp D °N' T fail to !
r U1UIC gee ' thc beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/¦fill room, the EMPIRE
ttlIU parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
liniflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOR^ Mnd the l^
U *~l~ DIES* WRITING
Hotels room
WeeMy Gali $1.00 dbf Year
ADVERTTSEJISNTS.
HI I THREE-PIECE PARLOR SUIT. Mahog-
gM I any-finished frame. Panel back prettily carved.
pi I Th e g race f u l curves of the frame give an excep~
fM I tionally pleasing effect. Suit is upholstered in
Wk / an exce^ ent grade of velour. ti+f%f\
||a I Has best steel springs. Thorough- J%r\y £ j
fia/ ly wcl1 made - Price 4*« * • « "^
kBI We show a magnificent line of Parlor Furniture.
L^j Chairs, Suits and Davenports at prices that cannot fail
.^^^^ to please.
Draperies Carpels
We show a magnificent Hundreds of beautiful Spring
line of Curtains, Portieres designs ready for your inspec-
, ~ . , / -.,» ,, tion. Nothing goes so far
and Couch Covers as well toward finishing a home as the
as a carefully selected stock floor covering. Our department
of yard goods. » s in the hands of experts who
ail-»,t ,.o ?«. fi^,,r-^ are competent to carry out any
Allow us to figure on color sc^ eme# no m / tter how
Cozy Corners. intricate. V
AD-j-^1 D**i*4«s> w iH make your home complete — cut.
IVCgcH tVUll§g your friel bill in half. We guarantee
Terms: DOLLAR DOWH AND DOLLAR A WEEK
Ha (S^T IB * Ja f I *%b*L
AMTJSEMENT&
COLUMBIA lwisTSjI
Last Four Xlghts Matinee Saturday
LAST LAUGHING NIGHTS.
Klaw & Erlanger I'resent
Iflsi ROGERS
in John J. JIcNally'a Latest
TBE ROGERS BROTHERS IN LONDON
Seats Now Ready for All Appearances.
MR. RICHARD
Mon. May lfi. Sat. May 21. Tues. May 24.
IVAN THE TERRIBLE: Tues. May 1". Frt.
May 20. Mon. May 23. Thars. May 26. Matinee
Mar' 28. OLD HEIDELBERG; Wed. May IS,
A PARISIAN ROMANCE; Thurs. May 19. Mat.
May 21. Wed. May 25. BEAU ' BRUMMEL;
Fri. May 27. DR. JEKYLIi and MR. HIDE;
Sat. May C8 (farewell night), a scene from
each of five plays.
Prices—Gallery 50c & 73c; Balcony $1. ll.aO
& $2; Lower floor $2.50^ Boxes and Loses $15.
MATINEE SATCRDAT.
IAST THB3BE WIGHTS. ¦¦
I MELBOURNE j
MacDOWELL
In a Magnificent Production of Sardon't
| CLEOPATRA |
. Next San. Mat.— EMPRESS THEODORA
~ PRICES — 15c. 25c, 50c and "5c.
CALIFORNIA
JSSk EVERYBODY TA&XX2TG BK.
g^ ABOUT XTl
a THE PUKWIEST SHOW XH ||
I our NEW MINISTER I
If THE FAMOUS ALL-STAR CAST. W
H Ernest Hastings. Joseph Conyers.' K}
H Charles Stedman. John Barker. |j
n I.ottls Fierce. Fred Mower. R
¦' * John P. Brawn. Grant Foreman. ||
ff Gertrude Perry. W. C. Tanner. fj
H Clara Ralnford. Phlla May. |j
m Seats now Falling for second and last M
week.
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION
APRIL 30 to Mai 15.
fraternal Societies and Retail
Clerks To-Night
SPECIAL FEATURES.
CONCERTS DAY AND NIGHT.
SOUVENIR FANS TO ALL CHILDREN.
Afternoons, 1 to 5; evenings. 7:30 to 10:30.
OPEH STTWDAYB— —
anscEi.iAirEq tT8 AargSEMEirr s. >
FLORAL EXHIBITION
—OF THE—
Pacific Coast
Horticultural Society
TOrtY 12, 13. 1-*. IQO-*.
GRAND NAVE. FERRY BUILDING. !
CONCERT EACH EVENING. •
SPECIAL FEATURES DAILY. . - -
ADMISSION... ..23 CENTS
BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Oakland vs. Los Angeles
THURSDAY and FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY. 2:30 P. M.
SUNDA Y.- 2:30 P.M. -
LADIES' DAYS "TO-DAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance gaJ» of seats at 5 Stockton at.
'/ft OTUH4 /I To " t * Jr <5n»d- cam» m.
/l\ I n^l/l moved. Health rwtor*t
MV7 I I II vlrl No mora Asthnu or Hay
rijppii ?^ - * Fr ~
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ¦_ ,
IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA BfJRBARfl;
RATES— American plaQ— From May I, 1904, to January I, 1905:
One person occuplng roon), witbout bath, $2.50 to $3.50; with bath, $3.50 to $5.00.
FOSTT7M CERT! AT..
COFFEE
AILS
I GONE WHEN
•YOU USE
POSTUM
-THERE'S A ILEASON."
• Ott Vu little beck "TIE ROAD TO WILL-
VXLLE" is cub pig.The first circular ever issued referring
to commercial use of the telephone. was
that at Gardiner G. Hubbard In. Cam
bridge, Mass., In 1S77. • - -
VON TIEDEMAN OBJECTS.— Carl W. vow
Tledeman, who has been arrented many times
on -a charge of practicing medicine without a
license, and. who Is defending himself against
a charge of practicing without a license, asked
the Superior Court yesterday for a writ pro
hibiting the Police Judge from proceeding with
his trial. He says his arrest la without war
rant and a violation of his constitutional
rlfihU. ¦¦¦ .'•¦ , -
OAKLAND, May 11.— Joe Rosen
berg, Charles E. Quigley.V T. H. B.
Rosenberg, Michael ' Hayes, •> Marlon
Hughes, N. Clausen, G.. T." Kaiser, E.
A. Jones. C. H. Rosenberg and J. G.
Bennett have been arrested on charges
cf selling lottery tickets, ,
Alleged Lottery Men Arrested.
The monthly exhibition of the Lin
coln Athletic Club will be held to
night nt the Mechanics' Pavilion an
nex. There , will be six four-round
bouts between well-known boxers.
George Murray of the Olympic Club
and William Stuart of the navy will
furnish the main event. The rest of
the card will be as follows: -Abe Label
vs. Al Elkirm, Walter- Needham vs.
Jack Brown, James Linegar vs. ¦Harry
Brown. Tony Rugguera vs. Ivan As
klns and Mike Kutchos " vs. William
tfale.
Amateur Boxers to Meet.
NEW YORK, May 11.— Boxing
bouts, which the sporting - element
here has been denied for three years,
are being planned by a new club at
Union Hill, N. J., about half an hour's
journey from Upper Broadway. The
promoters promise to give their first
entertainment •within ten days. L The
bouts will be limited to" six rounds,
with no decision, as prevails in Phil
adelphia. ' . , *•¦
Six-Round Bouts for \ew Yorkers.
NEW YORK, May 11. — For the first
time since his battle with Young Cor
bett Jimmy Britt discarded to-day the
plaster cast in which he has . carried
his arm. When the cast was removed
the arm showed a slight swelling, but
the champion was able to move his
hand with the same. freedom he used
before the accident. He believes he
will be able to do some light sparring
in a few days. , -, - *
Britt's Ann Out of Plaster Cast.
Forty members of the Pacific Coast
Motor Cyclists' Club met last night at
304 McAllister street and reorganized
for the coming season. The motorists
plan a race meet at^Ingleslde on June
2 and 3. Another- meeting will be held
on the 25th inst. at the same place
and all riders of motor, cycles are re
quested to be present. At the meeting
plans for the races will be outlined
and other work accomplished.
Motor Cyclists Meet.
By the New York Telerrai^i.
First Race— Reliable, Sovereign,
Robin Hood.
Second Race — Tanra, Blandy, • La
lite.
Third Race — Reliable, Broomstick,
Montreson.
Fourth Race — Bobadil, Greencrest,
Divination.
Fifth Race — High Chancellor. Red
Knight. Buttons.
; Sixth • Race — Roselint. Melster
singer. Major Dningrerfleld.
3IORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
¦.'. NATIONAL LEAGUE. *
PITTSBURG. May 11.— Clarke's muff of Dil-
Ion's fly In the sixth Inning resulted in the two
(NATIONAL.) I (AMERICAN.)
W. I* Pct.l W. L. Pet.
N'ew York.. .1-4 5 .73tl ; Boston ......10 4 .800
Cincinnati.. ..15 8 .tS52{Phl!adelph:a.l;< <J .«isr»
Chicago 10 !» .520'New York. ..10 8 .53tt
Boston .....W 11 .47'-., Chicago 12 10 .S4S
Brooklyn ... » 11 .450 {Cleveland..'.. » 9 .000
Kt. Louis !• 11 .450!St. Louis.... !t 10 .474
Pittsburgh.. 7 13 .350|Detrolt 7 12 .368
Philadelphia. 5 15 .250) Washington.. '2 17 .105
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. May lli— The home team
deleated Chicago to-day in a . hard-hlttlns
twelve-inning game. The feature or the»con
test was the terrible hitting of Murphy. Three
times his batting; enabled Philadelphia to tie
the score. Out of six times at bat Murphy
made five hits, three of them being two-base
hits. Attendance, 520O. Score:.
/ R. H. E.
Chicago 5j 12 3
Philadelphia ••••>" 18 3
Batteries — Patterson and McFafland; Wad
dfll and Schreck. nwurm
BOSTON. May 11.— Boston won a brilliantly
played contest Jrom Detroit by bunching; ¦ three
hits in the fifteenth inning of to-day's game.
The fielding: on both sides was of the finest.
Young was wild in the early part of the
game, but steadied down and was almost In
vincible in the extra Innings. Attendance,
4500. Score: . .
R. H. E.
Boston .'. 1 10 0
Detroit '. 0 ' 5 2
Batteries — Young and Crlrer: Kllllan and
Wood.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— The "Washington
players took a sudden . brace to-day, knocked
Howell out of the 'box and defeated St. Louis.
Patten kept the Browns' j hits well scattered.
Attendance. 2000. Score:
**Wat<**aS35a3gf , R. H. E.
Washington .'. *. .,- ......... 7> 11 0
8t. Louis ...3 8 4
Batteries— Patten -and Kittredge; Howell.
Morean 'and Surden. - ¦
NEW YORK. : May 11.— The New Yorks
played their first game of the season against
a Western team to-day, defeating Cleveland
4 to 3. It was a pitchers' battle, Hughes hav
ing a shade the better of it. - Turner's errors
proved costly. Attendance.' 5000. Score:
New York ...........: . . ..... . . . . . "' "' E i
Cleveland 3 8 ¦ ' , 8
;.•;¦ Batteries — Hughes and . McGulre; Bernhard
and Abbott." ,
Lone Tally of Great Came Results
From Three Hits in the
Final Round.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
BOSTON TAKES BRILLIANT
FIFTEEN-INNING CONTEST
" SEATTLE, Wash., May 11, — San
Ffancisco tied the ecore in the first
half of the eighth to-day, but Seattle
•went to the front again in her half,
scoring three runs on Brashear's home
run. With three on bases in the ninth
ar.fl two out Barber saved his own
•jame by t a clever one-hand stop. The
fcore:
• Seattle — ! San Francisco —
A.B. R. H. P.A.! A.B. n. H. P.A.
V«r. H.cf 4 0 0 2 o'lHHtb.lf 3 2 13 1
Moblr.2b 4 0 O t 2<W!<Jrn,cf 4 1111
Delah.Sb SO11 O.Meany.rf 5 0 2 O 0
Frisk. If. 4 2 2 2 OTrwin.Eb S 1 1 1 1
fcmKh.rf. 4 2 2 0 0 Masey.lb 5 0 1 7 0
Br*sh.lb 3 2 ?. 10 O;Re|ts.2b. 4 0 2 3 1
llill.t'.. .10 3 1 1 J'!!i'T.i! 5 0 0 4 3
"Wiltcn.c. 3 0 <t 6 riy»a».y.c. 4 115 0
Bajber.p 4 0 10 5 Kncll.p. 3 0 2 0 6
Tctals 32 C 32 27 u\ Tcta!* SS S 11 24 12
JICNS AXD HITS BX»IXXIN*GS.
6oatU« « 2 0 O 0 1 0 3 x C
R*t* hit* 0 4 1 ] V 3 0 3 x— 12
J-iin Francifcco... 100O00 11 2 r»
Use* fc'.ti 12. 001022 3— 11
SUMMARY.' •"¦"
Errors — Vr.n llaltren. Mohler. Delahanty.
• Pn-lth. Brashear. Waidron. 'I>«by.' Earned
runt— -flattie 4. Ksn Francisco 2. • Two-bare
Yf.t — Bra«hear llt-any. Home run— Brashear
f=U>lcn bp.se« — Drlahauty. Frisk. Krashr>ar. Hall
*acr!ftvc bits — Hall. Wilson. Waidron. Knell.
"Ocuble plays — Mohl«r to Hall; Waidron to
T^eahv. Easrs on ballst— Off Barber 3. off Knell
2.' Struck out— By Barber 4. by Knell 2. Passed
b.-i!! — By Leahy. I/»>rt oa base* — Seattle 5,
h?n Praric!sct> 11. Tin.* of came — Two hours
c.d trti minutes. TTravire IIu»tcn.
SEATTLE RALLIES IX EIGHTH
NEW YORK, May 11.— Major Dain
gerfleld. carrying a heavy impost,
meets Oarsman, Rosetint. Gettysburg
and Meistersinger to-morrow at Morris
Park at one and one-sixteenth miles.
The complete entries are*
First race, eclipse course, hlghwelght handi
cap — Reliable 14", Soverei&n 127. Hippocrates
117 All Gold lift. W. R. Condon 115, Divina
tion 115, Robin Hood 1U. Athel 111. M&rjoriam
103. Lady Mirthful 100.
Second race, four and a half furlonsp,
eclipse course. two-year-o!ds — Niblick 107.
Susanne. Rocamora 107. Dulcibella 107. Mon
Amour 107, Highborn 102. Tanya 107, Lalite
107. Fancy Dress 102. Blue Coat 105. Blandy
110.
Third race seven furlongs of Withers mils,
thrte-year-oids and up— Red Knight 113. Rim
nells 114. Jocund OS. Montreson B". Sheriff
Bell 113 Reliable 113. Shorthose 108, Broom-
Ftick OS. Lord of the Valley 08. Runnells and
Jocund. Drake entry.
Fourth race, six and a half furlonrs of
¦Withers mile, the Van Nesg. selling — Gold
Dome 96 Bobadll 06 Tol Pan R:i, Greencrest
!W. Kohi'noor 101. Buclileya 105. Divination
103 Inquisitive Girl »«, Gananogue 80, Cham
plain OB, Rob Roy 00.
Fifth race Withers mile, four-year-olds n".A
up— High Chancellor 10U. Red Knlxht ICC.
Buttons 103. y
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, over
the bl'l handicap — Major Dalngerfield 122.
Oarsman 116. Rosetint 107, Gettysburg 101,
iJ*l»ter*in_er 101.
Weather clear; track fast.
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
• Th/» first American Waterloo Cup. the
• most sought after trophy offered for
. competition among greyhounds. ha«
-just reachf-d its owner here. It was
von at Oklahoma City last November
hy Rubber Ankles, the nomination of
-J. H. Rosseter of thi«= city.
Mr. Rosseter has been a consistent
supporter of the coursing classic since
; its inauguration in 1S95. He has won
' the stake three times in all, but last
• year was the first time a trophy ac
<ompanied the purse. His first repre
sentative was the mighty Emin Pasha
' which was beaten in a fluke. Five years
later this same greyhound divided the
Ftake with May Queen at Sherman,
Texas. Tnder the rules of coursing
when a stake is divided it counts in
tho records as a victory for both grey
hounds.
Mr. Ro?seter was socond for the
"Waterloo in 1901 with Rocker and won
•it In 1S02 with Roman Athlete at St.
Lou!*'.
The challenge cup stands nearly
twenty inches in height and cost $350.
It must be won twice to become the
property of any leashman. There is
• great rivalry for this year's meeting.
Chicago. Butte and Oklahoma clubs
all desire to promote it.
¦ • Rubber Ankles, the winner of the
<up, meets Barge at Union Park on
Sunday in the semi-final round of the
<lrand National Champion stakes. The
•Trinner will meet Poeatelli a week
later for the final honors. In addi
tion to this there will be a sixty-four
dogr open stake. The draw last night
, resulted as follows:
• Ilcnest Jchii vs. Friendless Boy. McVey vs.
Ro«* of Geld, DuhsJlow vs Atnandan. Peter
Mclntyr* vs. Rural Artist, Holling Boer vs.
Pigiiaecl. General Dewet ve. Hudson, Aggie
¦W vs. Concord Bey. Lo*t Chord v*. Golden
Fortune, Tobasco Bob vs. Rich Array. Quita
v«. Raby Aurora. Frisky Barbara ve. Palo
A lie. H«l Brfk vs. Gold""*! Links. Reta S vs.
, H:Eii Born. Font^noy vs. Renegade Apache.
• P.*cr»atlve v». Tral** Boy. Adtator vs. Matter
T'.oclcet. John He«iian vs. Mickey Free. Old
Jrccaiae* vs. Foxfcunter, B*!> Fre» vs. Yankee
J'.oy. Toanr Jrhriny Hex vs. Rich ArgOfy. Rac-
Jnf Atito v«. Little Plunder, Rapid Water vs.
Kalr Trale*, Lord Braaen vs. Texas Hoo Hoo.
Pnepper Garrison v». Hapbaear Our Motto
* n R*« Rock. Aeolus vs.* Ruby Sackey. Don
r.vbrook n. Vtnda!. Duct Olnir rs. Plougrh
iri«.Ti, Rartime v »- Mrfllawood. RocfcJin Boy vs.
Fit* Brick. Texas J'.Il vs. Sacramento Lass,
fcempler ve. The Referee.
Californian Wins First
Trophy Offered in
This Classic.
FIRST TROPHT OFFERED IX COX
ICECTIOX WITH AMEUICA.X WA
TERLOO WOX BT CALIFORXIAX.
"W. J. RODEXBACH. MIDDLE AND
HEAVY WEIGHT AMATEUR
CHAMPION TO MEET BERGEE.
Berger-Rodenbach Match
Promises to Be a
Fast One.
LONDON, May 11. — A sensational
liber suit, brought by the well-known
race horse owner R. S. Sievier against
Sir James Duke, also well known on
the turf, was concluded to-day with a
verdict for Sir James. Sievier charged
the latter with calling him a thief,
card-sharper and murderer, and also
that Sievier caused his famous mare
Sceptre to be pulled In the Derby. Sir
James pleaded privilege, as the state
ments we re made within the Raleigh
Club, but he endeavored to show that
Sievers' character was such that he
could not be libelled. The jury de
cided that Sir James had not commit
ted any libel and mulcted Sievier in
the costs of the suit. •
Justice Graham, in summing up, was
severe In his strictures on Sievier. He
said the late Queen Victoria would al
most rather have given up her throne
than have such a man presented to
her.
The case attracted continued interest
owing to, the fact that Sievier's past
life was probed with a minutenesa
scarcely ever equalled in a similar case.
H»,* confessed to hnving been three
times bankrupted and to being sev
eral times in police courts, but for
trifling assaults at card games and bil
liard matches. Bets running into thou
sands of pounds were recounted from
the witness stand with a frankness and
in numbers that somewhat amazed the
hearers. In the long run, Sievier de
clared, he was a heavy loser in gam
bling transactions. One game in partic
ular, when the Duke of Braganza lost
about $25,000 while playing with Sievier
at Monte Carlo, caused much cross
examination. r.'S'A:
On another occasion Sievier won $80,
000 from a friend at cards. The loser's
wife wrote him a pathetic letter and
Sievier accepted $12,500, "a pretty large
sum for a card sharp to let anybody
off." remarked Sievier on the stand.
After his return from Australia
Sievier was presented at court to
Queen Victoria, but some months af
terward the court circular announced
that the presentation was canceled.
This Sievier attributed entirely to the
fact that he had been a bookmaker in
Australia.
Through all the phases of his check
ered career,' from the tirre he "smacked
Lord Deerhurst's face" in a Melbourne
racing; club (the same Deerhurat who
married Miss Bonynge cf San Fran
cisco and r.ho was then aid-de-camp
to the Governor) up to the present day,
Sievier'B life was mercilessly dissected.
Sir James Duke's counsel did not put
forward any evidence tending to show
that Sievier was guilty of card-sharp
ing, pulling Sceptre or other horses,
thieving or murdering.
Sievier married Lady Mabel Bruce.
sister cf the fourth Maquis of Ayles
bury. She had arranged to marry an
other man. but two days prior to the
wedding she ran off with Sievier.
Sievier. who was the former owner of
Sceptre, is classed as the most daring
speculator ever seen on the English
turf.
W. K. Vandorbilt in May, 1902. was
reported to have offered Sievier $210,000
for Sceptre, winner of the 2000 guineas
stake and of the 1000 guineas stake, and
a leading candidate for the Derby that
year. Sievier is well known and well
educated, and has been in turn a book
maker, an actor and the manager of a
betting agency. He has been stranded
financially, but is now a wealthy owner
and possessor of the best horses on
the turf, all acquired with the results
of sensational plunging.
DELMAR PARK ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. May 11.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar are:
First race. flvr» *..J a haU prlon" three
year-otJ flUIea seUir.s-Short Cak- *«• M°«^
»5 PilPTim Girl 104. I*<ly B-lair JC9. Chrfs
tele 100. Always Faithful 5 5 -,^ al * e /m_hcar
Sadie Burch 105. Bird Pond lOo. Syrnphcny
1OT.. Myrtle White 6.V Minnie Johr.on «f-
Swond race, six furlong*. U»^S?^fS5w
up sellin*-Nan Dora Otf. St'nr OS. >£*»«£
l!,h 10S. Moroni 112. Anxelgir m. A ?f !^:
Velasquez 1«). Dr K!er 10*. ThM* W. fawcet
Dr*ara 107. Lady Ray 89. E. C. Runte 9O.
Third race, four and a. half f«-lor.«. two
year-olds— Gascop_ne 109, Joe Kelly 112. Paul
Revpre 108. Princee* Orr.a 105.
Fourth race, eeven tuTlong*. »«*^'**J"
olldB and uo— Kindred 100. Llcht Opera 1<M.
Frank Colllns'02. Pe DD cr Die* 1W «««•*«
05. Lord Cresslngton 10<3. King Eltsworth 05.
Ol Flft t h 00 race. one mll». r / < S*iv!Su
up. Eelling-Velos 100. Irbr Benn^ t _ 10S * ranx
Rice 102. Outlaw 112. Lynch 10.J. Bard of
A -°lxth CS Vace one mile and seventy yard..
thrce'year-oLI. and up. «lUn»--I^n Doyle
91 Semper Vtvax 100. Murmur *Jb. I^ord Ha\en
OS biwron 11*. InsoUhrlfrOC. Pathos 101.
Weather clear. Track s'.ow.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
First Race — Wallerni. Short Cake,
Sadie Binvh. -i * -
Second Race — I^ady Koj"» Sting, v a-
Third Race— Princess Oraa, Joe
Kelley, Gasconne.
Fourth Itace — Kindred, Harmakls,
Light Oporn.
Fifth Race — Velos, Lynch, Frank
Sixth Race — John Doyle, Semper
Vivax, lngolthrift.
A treat Is in store for the lovers of
boxing when Sam Berger, the pride of
the Olympic Club, and William J.
Rodenbach.* the American champion
amateur heavy-weight and middle
weight, clash in Mechanics' Pavilion
some time this month. The date of the
contest has not been decided upon, but
it will probably occur during the last
few days of the month.
Rodenbaeh will settle down to hard
work to-day. He has not as yet select
ed his training, quarters, but he likes
the Beach Tavern and it is expected he
will begin his work there this morning.
He visited Croll's Gardens, Alaraeda,
yesterday with his trainer, Paddy
Powers of New York. He inspected
the place, but went away without de
ciding as to where he will train.
In the meantime Berger is roundin*
into condition at the OlympiQ Club un
der the watchful eyes of the veteran
trainer of boxers, De Witt Van Court.
Berger is in fine trim at the present
time. The men will meet at catch
weights, so neither will have to worry
about taking off flesh. Rodenbach is
said to weigh but 152 pounds now.
Vfhlch gives Berger quite a pull in the
weights.
The men will meet under the auspices
of the Hawthorne Athletic Club, and
the winner will receive a handsome sil
ver cup valued at $250. The contest will
be given under a sanction from the Pa
cific Athletic Association, that body
having made an exception in this in
stance and granted the club a special
sanction to offer a trophy of that value.
Preceding the Berger-Rodenbach fight
there will be several other amateur
contests between well-known boxers.
Jack Hughes of the Haw-thorne Club
and Bob Lundie of the Olympic Club
are to do battle for the lightweight
championship. Bob Cairns and Bert
Marsh of the Olympic club have also
been matched.
Anrelio Herrera Defeats Lonz.
BUTTE. Mont., May 11. — Aurelio
Herrera of Bakersfield was given the
decision to-night over Louie Long of
Oakland after twenty rounds of the
fiercest fighting ever witnessed in this
city. Several times it appeared a knock
out was imminent, but each time th*
Oakland lad came gamely back at the
Mexican, showing remarkable recuper
ative powers. While Long showed the
cleverest footwork he lacked the hit
ting ability of the dark-skinned fight
er, who bored in particularly during
the infighting, raining blows on Long.
The Mexican, while exercising every
caution, went after Long viciously
throughout the fight, sending him to
the floor for the count of nine In the
sixth round. The gong saved Long
from a knockout in this round.
Elliott Defeats Fossil.
KANSAS CITY. May 11.— Elm Ridge sum-
First race, four furlongs, purse — Chicago
Lad won. Mary Prlmm second. Huxie third.
ri Se^l°rlce. for; maiden three-year-olds one
mile and seventy yard* P ur9e r:. I n r^, ft,™
won. Charles D second. Golden Mineral third.
'raei; for three-year-olds and up six
furlongs, purse— Clowrton wen. •?•**• . Ma > -
bury second. Stumptown third. Time. 1 .14%.
Fourth race, for four-year-o.d*, one mile
puree— Elliott won.. Fossil second. Injunction
Ul KKth a quarter mile, hurdle.
— roorlands won. Galba second, John E.
§S?xtV£a£ T s!x e> FurUs. ".aidens-Rebo
won Ala Mansor second. Monchere third.
Time. 1*1494: ,
OVERALL. GETS A DRUBBING.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 11. — Over
all, the big college pitoher with the
Tacoma Tigers, had nothing to deliver
to-day that puzzled the Browns. The
local players swatted the ball about at
will to the great delight of the faith
ful fans. Castro made four errors and
received official credit for three, but
no runs resulted from his mishaps.
The score:
Portland— 1 Tacoma—
A.B. R. H. P.A-I A.B. R. H. P.A.
Drnan.cf 4 2 12 0 ; Ca»ey.2b 4 0 0 2 S
8pener,2b 4 3 12 liHanvn.cf 4 0 0 3 0
Nadeu.lf ft 3 3 4 0 Nordy.lb 4 11 4 0
Castro.ss 4 2 10 '.' B;an.r«. 4 0 '2 3 3'
Beck.lb. » O 2 B 2!Lynch.3b 4 0 0 10
McCrcib 3 0 3 1 OjMcLgn.lt 4 0 10 0
Frncs.3b 4* 0 1 1 1 Grahm.c 4 0 -O 10 4
Stelmn.c 4 119 2*Hogan.rf 4 0 110
Ibers.P-. 3 2 0 2 2 Overall, p 4 0 10 1
, Totals 3C 13 13 27 10 ToUls 36 1 6 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 3 0 0 0 0 2 4 4 x 13
Base hits 4001014S x— 13
Taooma 0 0 0 0 0 1 O 0 O— 1
Base hits 0002 1101 1 — 6
SUMMARY. - -¦,-/-¦
Errors— Spencer, Nadeau, Castro (3), Beck
Hannlvan (2). Nordyke. Overall. Stolen bases—
Hogan. Castro, Nadeau. Bases on balls Off
Overall 5. Struck out— By Iberg 5, by Overall
i>. Two-base hits — Drennan. Beck (2), Nordyke
Nadeau. Overall. Three-base hit — Castro"
Double play— Egan to Casey to Nordyke. Left
on bases — Portland 4, Tacoma ». First base on
errors — Portland 8. Tacorna 6. Earned runs— 4
Wild pitch — Overall. Time of game — One hour
and fifty minutes. Umpire — CConnell.
Churchill Downs Racing.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. May 11.— Churchill Downa
'Tim^race. four t^™**^ 0 * 1 *™^}??
won. The Pet second. Green Gown third. Time.
«i«erad See" seven" t^loaeB sellinir-Moren
won, Ohnet second. St. Here third Time. 1.30
Third race, handicap, one and a sixteenth
miles— Prince Sllverwlnss won. Fore and Aft
Kprnml Fonsoluca third. Time. 1:48.
Fourth rSce four and a half furlongs selling
—J°e Adams won. Lorrt Dlson second. J. L.
M Fi«h th rac.; 2?^ni 8 «' eighth miles-Lons
dale won, Ed Tlerney second. Proof Reader
th s£th T r«.: one°'an.l a sixteenth mll«-Bell
The Cat won. Warner Burke second. Alee
third. Time. 1:49%.
runs that won the game for Brooklyn. At
tendance. 3300. Score: •*_ „ fl "
PltUburB •••••• 2 1J> *
Brooklyn ........•• * I" *
Batteries— Leever and Smith; Jones and Ber
gen. Umpire — Zlmmer.
CINCINNATI. May 11.— All pitchers were hit
hard to-day, but those for the local team
Buffered most. Attendance. 7000. Score:
. . ¦ ~ R. If. K.
Cincinnati ••- •••••J? \\ f
Now York.. ....." ....14 -is l
' Batteries— Ewlngr. SuthofT and Schley; Tay
lor and Warner. Umpire— Emslie.
••- CHICAGO.'. • May 11.— The locals played a
perfect and brilliant game to-day and outbat
ted the visitors two to one. but failed to score.
Philadelphia's one run was made on Wolver r
\on's double, a eacriflce and a long fly. At
tendance. 1000. Score: " r. H K
Chicago... « -* J
Philadelphia ••• ••• • l ». z , . *
Batteries— Lungren and Frazler: Duggleby
andDooln and Roth. Umpire— Johnstone.
-ST LOUIS May 11.— St. Louis. won the first
game of the' Boston 'series to-day by a score
of 3 to 2 The. visitors outhit the locals, but
Nichols kept the safe ones scattered. Attend
ance. 3400. Score: r h E
St. Louis. • 2 j j
B °BatterlVs^-'Nichols" and Gra'dy; WUhelm and
Moran. Umpire— Moran.';-;;.
Ktflly and Sullivnii/Fijcht a Draw. *
INDIANAPOLIS, May 11. — Hugo
Kelly of Chicago and Jack (Twin) Sul
livan of Boston' fought ten fast rounds
to a draw before the Auditorium Ath
letic Club to-night. Kelly 1-ad the bet
ter of the: fighting in the. critical pe
riods, but .Sullivan outclassed him in
the slugging.. -'
That made the score read 4 to 2 in
favor of Los Angeles. The Angels' half
of the ninth passed without event, but
Oakland created a sensation. Dr, Mos
liiman led off with a stinger to right.
Hey*rad just landed on the bag when
Schafly, who had struck out three times
during the day, landed out one to the
extreme corner of left field for three
bases. Moskiman came tearing over the
rubber, and Sehafly arrived with the
tieing run a moment later when Streib
punched the leather out past Smith.
Oakland qu't right there. They could
not bring In the other run, try as they
would. The game then went Into tlie
extra inning stages and entered upon
an epoch of sensations. More hair
breadth plays were made during the
rext four innings than happen on some
ball fields during an entire season.
In nearly every inning Oakland got
men on the bases, but the masterly
pitching cf Baum kept them far away
from the home plate. In the thirteenth
Schafly hit safely, but Baum struck
Streib out. Schafly was caught trying
to steal second, completing a great
double play.
Los Angeles eased a man over the
plate in *he fourteenth, and it looked
good enough to be a bread-winner.
Smith smashed a ripper out to right
; field and stole second. Boettiger failed
to hold tine next thrown ball, and Smith
pulled xh< at /third. Bernard manipu
lated a timely one past Francks, and j
Los Angeles had apparently won the |
great struggle. j
"It's all over," shouted the wise con
tingent. "The Angels won. but Pete put
up a game fight." Haijdly had the cry
ceased when Devereaux sent a two
bagger disappearing through the fog
In center field. Boettiger sacrificed, and
every one waited to see Oscar Graham
line out a long fly, for that was all that
was needed to tie up the score.
The first ball was pitched and no
damage resulted. A dull thud was heard
as the next one came shooting over thy
plate. The fans watched Cravath as he
gazed hopelessly at the center field
fence. The fans looked that way also,
and as they did they espied the ball as
it dropped Into Mrs. Blibbets'. back
yard. Then a cheer, and a mighty one,
was sent up as Devereaux came In, and
a tiger was given with a vengeance
Yhen Graham, the hero, the man who
broke up the greatest game of the sea
1 son, planted his foot on the home plate.
The score:
Oakland — 1 Los' Angeles —
AB.R. II. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganly, rf.tt « 2 4 o.Rymnd, s.6 0 0 4 4
Frar.ks, s.5 0 2 3 5! Flood. 2b.7 2 2 2 4
Krusr. cf.6 0 « 7 OJSmith. 3b.fl 2 3 2 2
Mkn-.n, lf.« 1 1 1 0 Brnrd. cf.5 0 1 6 1
Shafly, 2b.« 12 1 l'Crvtli. rf.7 112 0
Streib Ib.S «» 1 15 lfRo«s, If...* 0 12 0
Devrx. 3b.» 2 3 1 2,rtraRe, lb.» 0 O 12 1
Lohmn, <\.T « 1 R 2'Spies. C....3 <» 2 9 1
Gramn, p.5 2 13 4'Caum. p..($ 0 0 12
Botiger. c.2 0 O 2 1; .
! Totals. 51 0 10*40 16
Totfclf .49 C 13 42 l(i
•One out when wlnn'.ng run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY IN.VIXGS.
Los Angeles. ..2000100100000 1 — 5 1
Base Hits ...3 100200 2 00000 2—10
Oakland 000000022 0 000 2 — fl
Base hiU ... JOO11OO2 3O111 2—13
SUMMARY.
Home runs— Flood, Graham. Stolen bases-
Bernard 2. Lohtnan, Itoss. Smith 2. Streib.
Three-ba*e hit — Sehafly.' Errors- -Devereaux
Schafly 2. Lohir.an, Kruger. Boettiger. Two-
I bas« hits — Smith. Lehman, Francks, Dever-
I eaux. Sacrifice bite — Bernard, Itoss. Boet
tiger. First base on errors— Lcs Angeles 3.
First base on called balls — Off Graham 6. oft
Baum 3. Left en bases — Oakland 8. Los Ange
les' 12. Struck out — By Graham 7. by Baum
8 Hit by Pitcher — Spies 2. Double plays —
Bernard to Ch«.«e: Spies to Raymond. Passed
ball — Boettiger. Time of game^-2 hours and
j 40 minutef. Umpire — McDonald.
(PACIFIC <X3A5T LEAGUE. ¦>
W. L. Pct.l W. L. Pet.
Tacomi. 2.1 1« .filu'Peattle 21 17 .552
Oakland ....24 17 .f.MS'San Fran.. ..IS 24 .420
L,o« Angeles. 25 1* .SSl'Poilland .... » 30 .211
Oscar Graham, southpaw pitcher and
erratic ball player, laid his bat against
the ball yesterday at Recreation Park
end knocked out a home run hit that
will go down in the pages of baseball
history as the greatest feat that an in
dividual has performed in years. When
the blonde-topped twirler hoisted the
sphere far above the fence that sur
rounds center field the sun was low.
for it was the fourteenth inning. Los
Angeles had five runs, Oakland four,
and BUI Devereaux reposed on second
base. Score Oakland 6, I^p Angeles 5.
Such an ending to a game full of sen
sations Is seen but few times in N the
lives of baseball fans. From the start
till the glorious finish one sensation
after another happened. In quick suc
cession. There was nothing lacking in
the game- to make it wonderful, and
when the end came those present were
bo much surprised- that most of tham
knew not 'what had happened.
Los Angeles played the full fourteen
innings without making the slightest
semblance of an error. Young, Charley
Baum pitched a game that will win
him glory wherever baseball is talked.
Toward the end he began to' grow
weak, yet he kept up his wonderful
front and fooled batter after baiter as
they approached the plate to take a
swing at the ball.
In fact, Baum pitched absolutely per
fect ball, till the eighth inning hove in
sight. It was then Brick Devereaux
coaxed in a hit to right field. Graham
was passed by the youngster and Gan
ley died easy. It looked as though the
youth would pass the eighth without
allowing a run, but Buck Francks laid
up against a fast one and sent it soar
ing away out to center for two bags.
Both runners came in and broke up the
long cipher string, which un, to this
time had been their lot.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
¦ ¦?
Angels Score in Last Round,
but Great Drive by Blonde
Pitcher Ends the Contest
His Past Life Probed With
a Minuteness Scarcely Ever
Equaled Before in a Court
1 MORRIS PARK, May 11.— An unac
countable plunge on Gettysburg in the
last race to-day had an unsatisfactory
sequel to his backers. Just as the
horses began to parade from the pad
1 dock to the starting point, which was
directly in front of the grand stand,
Illyria kicked Gettysburg, cutting the
bone a few inches above the Knee on
the near foreleg. The animal's hoofs
also landed partly on the left foot of
Hildebrand, who . had the mount on
Gettysburg 1 . For a short period it
seemed Hildebrand was so seriously In
jured that he could not ride, and he
was lifted out of the saddle.
F. R. Hitchcock, one of the stewards,
! walked to the, spot and saw that Get-
I lyeburg was bleeding. He was assured
j by Hildebrand that he was not injured
sufficiently to prevent his riding. J. E.
Madden, after a hasty look at the
wound, decided it would not affect his
colt's chances. The racer joined the
others and a chorus of hisses saluted
the decision to start him v He ran fair
ly well, but finished unplaced. The raee
was won by Honolulu, hitherto regard
ed as a mere selling plater. It was the
alertness of Cormack. Honolulu's rider,
to which the horse's victory must be at
tributed. When the barrier was re
leased his rider was so quick to take
advantage of it that he shot his horse
to the front and was never headed.
Summary:
MORRIS PARK RESULTS.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
feilfng; three. v»ar-olds and up.
Betting. Horse, weight jockey. St. *i Fin.
It to ft — f=hrin*« 106 (Cormack)... 4 3 3 irk
11 to 6— San Nicholas, 111 <Trvr»). 1 2 J » 2 3
6 to 1 — King Peppi-r, 110 (Sliaw). 2 1 h<J 3 o
Time 1:07 1 4 5. Start fair. Won drlvine.
Winner. H. C. Schulfs c. 1. by Atheling-Pil
| grimage. Oay Lothario, Gold Dome, Prineelet,
Vagary. Foxv Kane. McGrarhiana Prince,
Q\if*-n Elizabeth, Hopeful Miss, Burning Glass,
Girdle and The Elf also ran.
SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
purre; for maiden two- year-olds.
Betting. Horse, weight Jockey. St. %i Fin.
3 t » 1— Bellatrix. 10» (Shaw) tj 3 Vi 1 1*
1* to 1— Th» Cla'nrmt, 112 (Redfn). 2 1 % 'I «,
6 to 1— Bank, 112 (J. Martin) 3 2h 3 * 4
Time, :52 :;-5. Start tad. Won driving.
Winner. J. G. Follansbee's b. I. by Ossary-
Rnr.ta UelU. Antimony, Metropole. Sportsman,
Drone, Esterre. " Mussulman, Liberty Star,
Warrior, Lilac. Hot Shot. Bltssinita, Last,
Britisher and High Life also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; the Laureate
stakes; for two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse, weight, Jockey. St. *; Fin.
C to S — Song & Wlne.125 (Rdfrn) 113 1 2'«i
10 to 1— Pasadena. 115 fShaw)... 3 41 2 lVi
6 to 1 — S. Catalina, 107 (Burns) 7 3h 3 3
Time. :58 3-r.. Start had. Won easily. Win
ner. N. Bennlneton's c. by Goldfineh-AVIdow
Cliquot. Elegant. Red Friar. Golden Sunpyes.
Stimulant, Amber Jack, Otsego and Masss.
•also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs-:
selling: three-year-olds and upward; appren
tice riders.
Batting. Hors». weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
3V* to 1 — Florlzel. 1)3 (Fischer).. 2 311 1^
3*i to 1 — S. Arabia. HJ« (Holmes) ,"> 1 h I2i,
oi^ to 1 — Ascetic, 108 (Collins).. 3 4 1 3 4
• Time. "1 :3<J 3-5. Start ' fair. Won driving.
Winner, T. Monahan'x b. g. by Juvenal-Flor
entina. Daisy Green. Silver Foot. Xeeburbar..
Gavlota, Communicant. Orloff and Dark Plan
et s!so ran.
FIFTH RACE — Aboi't two miles; selling:
steeplechase: four-year-olds and ufc>:
Bettlnjr. Horso. wr-ight. Jockey. St. a; Fin.
?5 to ft — Fulminate. 135 (Ray)... 3 3 >± 1 h
20 to 1— Hark Forward. lKWJ.Ob.) 7 2 3 2 3
30 to 1— Black Death. 14S(Helder) 1 3 3 3 12
Time, 4:02 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Wlr,ne»\ Mrs. Cotton's b. g. by Rayon d'Or
.Feu Follet. Manlllan. Billy Ray. Phllma
Paston, Tireless. Emigrant. Glenvarloch,
Fanners Foe. Yelp. General Douglas. Confed
erate Grey and "Walter Cleary also ran.
SIXTH' RACE — Mile and en eighth; handi
cap; thre»-year-olds and up:
Bettln*. Horse, weight, jorkey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Honolulu. 97 (Carmack). 2 12 11
13 to ft— Lord Badge. Ill (Shaw) 0 3 li 2 1 Vi
4 to 1— Ilyrla. 92 (D. O'Connor). 3 4 2 3 2
Time. 1:56. Start fair. Won easily. Wlnn»r.
H. C. Schultz's b. g. by t-'tar Ruby-Baby.
Stonewall. Gettysburg. Himself, Kais and Fort
Plain also ran.
Weather clear: track fast.
By thp Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Rnce — Clara -Berry. Lillian
Ayrrs. Charley's Aunt.
Second Race — Trinity Bell, Allo
path, Watertower.
Third Rncc — SHvertkin, R. L. John
son. Arthur Stilwell.
Fourth Race— Port Royal, Ink.
Tosean.
Fifth Race — Beau Ormonde, Big
Ben, Frontena.
.Slxili Race — Giis Ilcidorn, Thane,
Van N.'es.s.
WORTH SELECTIONS. .
CHICAGO. May 11. — Don Domo,
with a strong pull frr the TveigrhH,
meets Beau Ormonde and others to
morrow at Worth. The complete list
of entries follows:
Fim race, four and a half furlongs two
year-clds—Dixie Andrews 100. Revlana 100.
Low Merrill 1C0. Lady Fashion 105. Lillian
Ayree 110. Stella Allen 110. Clara Berry 110,
Charley* Aunt 115. • •
S»cond rap*', mile and reventy yards, selling
— Loui; Kraft fc'J. Faierlan 04, Great Eastern
5C. Rival '.«;. Falkland «7, Sarilla 100, Alma
Girl 10O. Coir.pa** 1(K>. Paiamourit 105. North
wlr.d 105. Marcc» 1C5. Give All 10". Water
tower 107. Trinity Bell 108. Lingo 10S, Allo
path 1CU.
Third race, four furlong*, two-year-olds —
Arthm StUlW«lI 105. Butwell 105. Yada 108.
Michael Byrnes Its. Terwyburn 108. Sllver
skln lOS. fl. L. Johnson 108, Uatllng Gun '112.
Hopcl'ns 111*. AJplcne! Preston 116.
Fourth race, rclle and a sixteenth, handicap
— Baywooi '.«, Katie Powers 5)4. Rankln 92,
Hu/r.-ih flt». Little Boy t*5. Ink 91. Albula 8S,
Toscan 10U. Dan MrXenna 108, Pert Royal 100.
Rar.ki:i and Huzzah. Arthur entry: Ink and
Albula, Lomasney entry.
Fitth car*., ,lx furlongft — Don Domo 92, Dela
goa 104. Sconr.o i0«, Frontenac 107, Beau
Ormonde 109. Hlg Ben 114.
"lxth race. M>vfn furlongs, selling; — Arab »7,
Giis Holdorn VH, Karly Eve 102, lampoon 102.
Barkelmore 104. Tederal 1CS. Van ?«*e«* 10S.
Censov 109, I. Samcl«on 1C9. Thane 111, Colonel
Tyler 112. Ty phonic 112.
Weather clear: irack slow.
ENTRIES AT WORTH.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-oldt
and up; Bellinc:
BfrtMng. Horse, weight, jockey. St. % Fin.
•"> to 1 — Dusky. U0 (Xicol) 6 1.1 1 nk
10 to 1— M., Man'rs. 1C« (Sh'han) 4 3 nk 3 1
Time, 1:15 2-5. Start rood. Wen handily.
Winner, W, P. Reed' 8 b. f. by St. I«eonards-
Dusk. Zyra 100. Sol Smith 100, Emma A M
104, Mlmon 81 and Soufrlere 101, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three
year-olde; pur»e:
B<"ttins. Horse, weight, j^rkey St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Gilfain. 100 (Nlcol) 8 4 lljl %
loto 1 — Albulo, 1C6 (t>h?ehan).. .% 1 1 2 2W,
11 to 2o— Handsacro»s,107 (Hnry) S !i g 3 H
Time. 1:20. f-tart good. Won driving. Win
ner B. J. Cunnintham's ch. g. by Locc
hatrher-Dolore?". Kmperor of India »3,
Schwalbe 100 and La Chaperone 90, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
BettlnK. Horse, weight, jockoy. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Stroller, 1C7 (Ollphant).. 2 12 13
7 to 1— Mauser. 1C4 (Harris) 1 22 2 3
6 to 6— Potheen. 110 (Sheehan).. :: 3 8 3 10
Time. 1:56 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. H. T. Griffin's fcr. g by Ornam?nt-
Promenade. Little Elkin 101. The Way 10»,
Leu Woods 101 end Plautlcs 00, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five fur'.ongs; two-year
oIue: furse:
Betting. Horse, weight, jockey. St. «; Fin.
7 to 5— Kings Trophy, 103 (Sh'n) « 3 u 11
.-to 1— Mcdredlaw.lH (Landry) 2 14 2 4
20 to 1— Seaworthy, 106 (Dean). .". 4 V 2 3 3
Time, 1 :t,2 2-0. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. G. G. Bennett & CoSr ch. e. by
Kings Counsel-Tin Cup. Voltrlce 107. Hadrain
110. Broadway Girl 102 and St. Kosolute 105
aleo ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
o:ds; purse:
Betting. Hor»?. weight, Jockey. l?t. % Fin.
7 to 1— Floral King, 110 (Larsea). 7 1111
t-ven— Monastic 11, 110 (Hsnry).. 4 31 22
7 to 1 — Komombo, 08 (MclntyreK 1 43 3 4
ti?' lnie - ' 1:li -' 5 - Start cood. Won handily.
Winner. H. Gardner's b. c. by Gigantum-Hosa.
Rtgina. ForeHlght l*/6. Alllsta lOo, Lucy E S
98, Wenrick 1»«; Testimony US, Frances Yowel)
0'J, also ran.
CHICAGO. May 11.— The sensation
at Worth racetrack to-day was the ac
tion of the Stewarts in indefinitely sus
pending Jockey Henry for his alleged
poor rides on Monastic and Hands
Across. It Is a question in the minds
of. many spectators if any jockey could
have won with either horse.
Neither horse showed the least dis
position to run and to all appearances
Henry did everything possible to get
them to show some speed. Many be
lieve Henry will, be reinstated in the
course of a few days. The other races
were devoid of feature, the fields be
ing of the ordinary kind. Outside of
the fourth race, when Gilfain won by
a head, the finishes were not exciting.
The track was in gbod condition, the
weather perfect and attendance good.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-old 3
ami upward; Belling;
Betting, liorif, weight, jockey. St. *i Fin..
I'aJla. 1)5 (Ollphar.t).. 112 11
7 to 1— I-v Klnnejt. in (Landry). ft 8 1 2 4
4 to 1— Montamc. 114 (Prior) 4 ft 3 US '
Time. I:i5 a-6. Start good. Won handily.
Winer. K. 1. Weil & Co.'s or. f. by hiMKK
peare II-Pau!a. Irtna's Choice in» Joe r.Iar.in
1H. Just fco l»4. Banana Cream loT. Keeves.ll.'.
Folk liiller. O\aca U5, Annie ll)r;, Jaubert lv*.
Nannao 90. also ran.
SIXTH RACK— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds ard no: '¦' _.
netting. Heree. nf ight.. joekry. St. \ Fin.
:i to 1— Pengal 111 (Wallace).... 2 2 1 14
fi to 1 -Tlclcfuf. 1CI (Plunkett).. 1 1 •< -' -
13 to 1— Potente, 1C1 (W. Davis).. 4 3 4 3 4
Time, 1:351^. Start Rocd. Won easily. Wm
r-r. C. K. Burnett & Cc.'t ch. B.. '•.by Ben
Etrome-BeBum. Four Leaf Clover 107. also
rec. •
Time, 1:2114- Start poor. Won clever. y.
Winner. F. Einstein's b. *.. 3j by L'.ule Mlncn-
Lemon Blossom. One More 102; »¦"? Miracle
IC7, Vuic8n-107. Knowledgs bS. also ran.
FIFTH r.ACE — One and an e!s;h»ii miles;
three-year-olds and up; Belling:
Betting. Horse, weight. Jockey. Ft. 3 i V in.
1 to 2— The Bobby, 109 (Cocolo). 1 2 1 1 &
30 f> 1— N'.Woodc'k: lG7(Abfch*r. 3 1 *i 2 >?
S to 1— Hucena, 102 (W. DavUK. 2 3 4 3 U
Time, 2:C6Vi^ Start good. Won easily, win
ner, J. J. Ogle's ch. g. by Inspector B-rar.sy
Blossom. Bourke Cockran 10O. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— SU furlonjrs; three-year
olds; selltnr : . _., '
Betting. Mcrse, weight, jockey. St. \ Fin.
8 to 1— J. Doyle HI (W.Davis;.. 1 IS' '¦»
2 to 1— Radium. 80 f D.Austin). . . » 3 2 --
T to 1— Alfio. 103 iHaynor) "t 5 <* «»
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling::
Bitting. Horse, weight, jockey. St. «i Fin.
» t» 2— t,. Humer.103 (D.Austn) 2 17.12:
4 to 1 — Kingstelle, HX> (Perk'r.s) 1 21 2 ns
13 to &— Sid Silver. ICO (Cocoloj. 4 H 5 3 8
Tims. J:20>i. , Start good. Won handily.
Winner Gaffney & Aliens b. m.. ¦*. by I-on*-
Street-V'aroaour. Uranium 1C3, Lady KaJnor
100, also ran.
: SECOND RACE— Four "furlonts; two-year
old*; tellinc. ••
Betllner. Horse weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to fr— The Lioctress.yri (Davis) 2 18 1 1*»
2Vi to 1— Sonya. 9i (McMiillen). . 1 27 2 8
4Vs to 1— T. O'Hara. »s (Sp;are> 3 41,34
Time, :o5«4. Start poor. Won clerverly.
Winner. Stubbs Bros', br. f.. 2, bv Dr. 3am-
Paullne M. Vlrrle Withers 95, Miss Layman
90, Gcoree T 103, /also ran.
ST. LOUIS, May 11.— Carnelian. . aa
goo'dTas 40 to 1 in the betting ring,
came within a whisker of winning the
first .{event to-day -at Delmar track.
Jockey Abscher's . incompetent finish
prevented a .coup, as" the ' horse was
backed down several points in the bet
ting.' . -/^C- . .:-. v .. $xx
. Well-played horses captured the
card;; The match race between Rain
laml-and Bugler was declared off this
afternoon. The track is improving,
but: is still slow. Summaries:
¦ FIRST RACE — Six furlonz*; selling; three
year-olds and 1 upward.
Betting. Harm, weight, jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 to 1— Gctche!, »3 <W. Blake).. » 3 2 1 ns
3o to 1 — Carnelian. lott (Abscher) 4 2 nk 2 •_'
4 to'l— Second Mate,108 (Walce) « 5 7 3 2
, Time, ':1:21ft. Start good. Won driving.
Winner.' J. C. Uhlo's b. g.. 3. by Oovernor For
aker-Parlasa. Hickory Corners 10... Bodul 1W,
l-xly ben fed. Duplicate 105. Galiowater 103,
Caybon 'M. also ran.
SENSATIONS C03IE FAST
IS MULCTED LY COSTS
Graham's Home Eun Hit
Wins a Game That Will Go
Down in Baseball History
English Turfman Is Called
Harsh Names) but Gets
No Satisfaction in Court
Son of Hamburg
Starts but Is
Unplaced.
Bad Horsemanship
Spoils Betting
Coup.
Racing Stewards
Suspend Jockey
Henry.
STRIFE CEASES
IN FODRTEENTH
SIEVIER LOSES
LIBEL ACTION
GETTYSBURG IS INJURED
ON HIS WAY TO THE POST
WATERLOO
CUP IS IN
THIS CITY
OAKLAND TAKES A SENSATIONAL FOURTEEN INNING GAME
THE sVN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY- 12, 1904."
AMATEURS
PREPARING
FOR BOUT
10
SORESandULCERS JT%
SHOW A BAD CONDITION OF THE BLOOD f|^ W
When the blood is in bad condition a braise cut ISLv W
scratch, or any slight injury to the flesh, is apt to become y>3
an ugly-looking sore or ulcer. Sometimes a boil blister J^L^/^A
or pimple is the beginning of a large eating ulcer or open S£JmzkjF£\
discharging sore Often the blood is naturally bad, and iH|i^
is that way from birth, and such people suffer with van-
ous kinds of sores from infancy through old age. "The
blood may become so weak
and watery from the effects of Hmbf^K5?dS2 t?SK e il oa the calf of m^ rt f ht
malarial sickness, debility or P»»oe rt^ea to hea? p The°S^rf^ ledl T es bn V h 2
someoldchronictrouble, that ffi™'?^^^
the impurities break out in l^ro°ed S&gfbat tfeiSi/^i 1
bad sores on the lower ex- KS«* »« *& origiaU «« laMmWekwr
tremities or other part of the %STS£»^JS»^
body. There is always some • WiskaSW
morbid, unhealthy matter in «*w Castle, Peu 2w"Waahln»ton St.
the blood that keeps the sore dis C h^ging;and must begotten out before it
/2«^. /J^ /#^ ; *\. Washes and salves, while cleansing, sooth-
VSJvSJvSv ~f Md helpful, mil not do it, because they do not
tS^ rS^^S^ •« th l P°i? oned bl <xxi; but S. S. S. cleanses and
-52/ ti/ P^fies the diseased blood, and when this is accom-
/¦ -~a -^ *¦¦' P lls hed the place heals. Where the health has been
impaired it restores strength and vigor to the system, improves the appetfte
and digestion, and tones up the nerves. Purifying the blood is the surest
way to get nd of an old sore or ulcer. Medical advice is free. 5UIW
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GkmTO SAIL.
On • Friday. May 13, a special train, with
diner. : composite car and observation car,' will
leave San Francisco over the Southern and
Union' Pacific and run through to St.' Louis '
without ' change. A few reservations still re- t
main. Call early to-day on S. F. Booth, Gen- '
eral Arent, U. P. R. R.. 1 Montgomery st. • '
Special Train to . St. . Louis.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heightof High and Low Waters
at Fort Point.' entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front fMUsIon-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide ii« the same at both places.
.THURSDAY. MAY 12.
Sun rises ..." .'...... s :C2
S un sets ."...; 7 : io
Moon rises '. 3 ;20 a. m.
0 Time Time) Timel Timel
S ! Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
? H W L W| H W| L ,W|. >
12 3:20 1.0 10:00 4.4 3:12 2.0 9:40 5.2
13 4:02 -0.5 10147 4.5 3:50 * 2.2 10:06 5.5
14 4:38 0.0 11:34 4.4 4:27 2.3 10:39 5.5
15 5:20^-0.3 12:21 4.6 *5:06 2.5 11:10 6 6
16 6:03— 0.8 1:10 . 4.U 5:47 2.7 11:48 5.7
17 6:45—0.6 1:57 -. 4.6 '6:32 2.8....
18 0:36[. 5.6 7:33 0.6 2:47 4.7 7:27 3.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
tho early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tida of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition .to the soundings of the United States
i Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( >
; -Steamer. . - . -.., For. Sails.
Cottage City. SkagwayA Way Ports. May 13
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. May 15
Corwm Nome ; May 15
City Seattle. . i Skagway & Way PorU. May 16
Al-KI......'..) 8kagway A Way Poru. May 1«
Santa Ana... Valdez & Way Ports.. May 18
Dirigo. ....... Skagway & Way Port*. May. 19
J. Dollar Valdea & Seward.. May XI
Nome City... Nome May 23
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. May 11.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, 14 bour* from Fort
Bragg.
Etmr F A Kilburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodrers.
Stmr Spokane, Nopander 17 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. 58 hours from
Victoria and Pu^et Sound ports.
Stmr Alcazar, Wtakel, 14 hours from Green
wood. . '
Stmr Cella. Norbenc, 18 hours from Albion.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorrenson. 22 hours from
Eureka: bound south; put In to land pas
sengers. ¦ • ¦ - .
Sunr South Bay, Jamieson, 45 hour* from
San Pedro.
Stmr Asuncion, Bridge tt, 2 daya from Ven-'
tura.
Shipping Intelligence.
FROM SEATTLE.
The engineer was requested to make. an es
timate or the cost of. a spur track or switch
from the Belt Railroad to the- store of Well
man. Peck & Co. The length of the proposed
switch to COO feet. The engineer figures that
the cost will approximate $0 a running foot
and $500 extra for a street crossing.
W. M. BanK. In a communication to th«
board, asked that damages to a ferry' slip
in the «uni of S421 25 charged against the
North Shore Railway be remitted. The Com
mlwioners denied the request and also declined
to allow any reduction for rental of the ferry
clip, oa the (round that the company Is doing
At the meeting of tho Harbor Commissioners
yeeterday th« Chief Engineer estimated that
the three new dolphins between ferry slips 3
fend 4, 4 and> 5 and 5 and 6 would cost $70,000.
Harbor Commission Meets.
Captain J. F. Andersen of the Pacific Mat)
Crmpany left yesterday Tor the 6t. Louis Ex
position. While at the World's Fair Captain
Anderson expects to review the Jefferson
Guard*.
The liner Siberia left Yokohama yesterday
for thi« xort.
The Koeinoft liner ' Abydos left Hamburg
May S. for this Dort.
The Japanese steamship America Maru will
sail to-day for the Orient, carrying a email
cargo and few passenrers.
Water Front Notes.
Sun, Moon nnd Tide.
A well-dressed man. who gave the name of
Sam Frank*. Natotna street, had his nose
broken yesterday at the ferry depot by a man
said to" be his brother-in-law. Policeman Mc-
Oormack. who took the injured man to the
Hurbor Hospital, tried the case bimself and
de-clded that *.% Franks did not care to prone
cute and a* he. klrCormack. did not see the
fight, the breach of the peace, which scared
we men and children and rent a dozen citizens
In search of the police, did not matter. He
£!r>mls»ed the case and sent Franks home in
a heck. *
The vessels of the salmon fleet are beginning
to arrive at their northern destinations. Word
was received yesterJay. that the steamer Jennie
reached Cooks lnt*t April 22 and the Unimak
arrived Arri! lti at Kodiak. The ship Cen
tttinial arrived at Cooks Inlet the same date
th? Jennie en th»re and the ship L. J. Morse
arrived at Port Wrangl# April 23.
?
Sustains Broken Nose.
Reach Xorthern Ports.
The following affects the list ¦ of Lights,
Buoys and Daymarks^ Pacific Coast. 1904:
OKEGON*.
Columbia River, pages 59 - 60 61 and 62 —
The following fimt-rlats spar buoys, odd num
bers black and even numbers red, .have been
discontinued durlnr the present freshet :
Ccttonwood Island Shoal Buoys, Nos. 1
and 3.
Martin Island Bar Buoys Nos. 2 and 4.
Reeder Crossing Buoys. Nos. 1, 2, 4 and 6.
WASHINGTON.
Juan de Fuca Strait page 74, Heln Bank
Bouy — On or about May 10 a B. & II. first
class nun will be established to mark this
SOUTHEASTERN ALASKA.
Chatham Ftrait. page 32. Tenakee Inlet
Beacon— On or about May 25 an Iron spindle
will be established on the rock, bar© at 3-4
ebb. about a mile northerly of the southerly
side of the entrance to the inlet.
Sitka Harbor and Approaches, page 03, Har
bor Rock Buoys — On or about May 30 a red
second-Wars nun and two black second-clasH
cans will be established to mark the channel
on the easterly fide of the rock.
Rocky Patch Buoy — On or about May 30 e
red first-class nun will be established to mark
this patch. • •
Makhnatl Rock Buoy — On or about May 30 a
R. & It. eecond-class nun will be established
to mark tM* rock.
By order of the Lighthouse Board
C. G. CALKINS, Commander, U. S. X..
¦ Lighthouse Inspector.
Notice to Mariner*.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. May 11. — John
D. Rockefeller has made an uncondi
•> tional Rift of $200,000 forth" building
. cf laboratories of physics and of min
l ing engineering in connection with tho
' .C8i*e of Applied Science in this
city.
JtockefoIJfr Makes Present.
Steamer.- Destination. Sails. Pier..
May 12. - ->.¦¦ -
Newburg... Grays Harbcr 4 pm Pier 10
State of Cal San Diego * Way. 9 am Pier 11.
; porno Pt Arena A Albion 6 pm Pier 2
i G W Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
I Arner. Maru China * Japan 1 pm Pier 40
G Lindauer! Grays Harbor 5 pm|Pier —
gequola. ... I Wlllapa Harbcr 12 miPJer 20
;G Dollsr..') Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pier 2u
' May 13. . |
I Eureka....-' Humboldt 0 amjPier 13
1 Spokane....? Humboldt l:30p'PIer 9
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pm|Pier 8;
i Kay 14. J
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm|Pler 2
Argo i Eel River Ports... 4 pro! Pier 2
Pt. Arena..! Point Arena 4 pmlPier 2
Alameda...! Honolulu 11 amIPier 7
Jtanle ' Seattle 4 Taconvu 5 pmiPler 20
i San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 amfPler 2
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier . 2
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River .A. 0 pmlPier 20
ArC ata Cooe B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pmlPier 13
May 16. I
8 Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am!Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way.. 8 am I Pier II
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 ami Pier & I
... May 16. I
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 piPier 9
. « - May 17. If
Columbia.. , Astoria A' Portland 11 amjPier 24
- May 18. I
North Fork Humboldt . - 5 pm Pier 20
Nome City. Nome via Seattle .Pier —
May 19. I I
Rainier:... Seattle & BTgham 4 pm Pier 10
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
China China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
S. Cru« San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier 11
. May 20. . i
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am]Pier 9
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pmlPier 16
May 21. j f»
Peru....... N. Y. via Panama. 112 mJPier 40
Portland.-. Nome & St.Mlchael[.. (..;<..-.
SALT LAKE CITY. May 11. — A Fpe-
.from Collinston, Utah, says that
.'-a. Boat containing Lorin Bassett. his
•. Richard and a grandson, name
*r:ot learned, was overturned in Bear
, "Rrver. near here. Richard Bissett
and the boy were drowned. I>orin es
• capod by swimming 1 ashore. The
bodies have not been recovered.
Mrct Death in Utah.
. M.-in Who Introduced Into United
Jtatrs Sy-toni of Measuring Crim
inals A<-cu*etl of Embezzlement.
CHICAGO. May 11. — George M.
ikPqrteooS, for three years pupil of Ber
".illon in Pari* and the man who in
"tr^duoed into the United States the
•'Hertillon system of measuring crim
: i:*a!s=, has bef-n arrested here on a.
"cjutrgre of embezzlement. Hildaro G.
; Ord'oii declares Porteous retained J64
.'white enVployed by him as a real e5
•. tjite and insurance arrent.
PUPIL OF BKKTII-LO.V
IS ARRESTED IN* CHICAGO
. The steamer Curacao, which sailed en Sat
urday for Guaymas, carried a general mer
chandise cargo consigned to the port of destina
tion and other Mexican ports valued at $72,
s24 and including the following: M bbls flour,
"55 pkga potatoes. 2<j pkgs onions, 12.870 lbs
625 bxs paste. *«<> lbs raisins. 22.700 lb» rice.
4501 lbs sago, 06 cp canned salmon, 23 cs table
preparations, UiM lbs 0 eg spices 3100 lbs tea
3260 lbs batter, 12.f>17 Ib3 cheese. 27S1 lbs 2
cs bread 13 ce baking powder. 301 cs canned
goo«!s. :5O0 lbs codfish, M-J2 lbs 6 pkgs dried
fruit. 718 lbs cocoa. 12CO lbs 44 cs meals,
71)00 lbs coffee. 15 bales hay. 3 <-s honey 480
lbs lard. 3« ca olives. OKi lbs nuts. 1OJ 'pkgs
groceries and provisions. 4700 sals 13 cs wine,
ira cs whisky. SB cs glnsrer ale. 131 cs mineral
water, 14 cs liquors. .'! cs brandy. 3 cs cham
pagne. 25 pkgs ncid, 3 cs arms and ammuni
tion. 127 bales bag?. 2254 lbs bluestone. 1230
!bs copper. 71 sks coke, 24 ska coal. 12 pkga
car wheels. 5(5 pkgs candles, 201 colls cordage
25 pkgs drugs. IS pkgs dry goods, 10 bales
duck. 20 pkgs electrical supplies. 12 cs fuse, 7
c» hats. 10 liales hose. 2325 ft hardwood. 25.2<I9
ft lumber. 12.724 lbs hideu, 212 pkgs 567 pra
iron. S pkga leather. 08 kegs nails. 02 c«
.jiis. 8 bales oakum, 11* pkgs paints. So pkgs
paper, 139 bdls .14 pc* pipe, 46 bdls paper
bag?. 20 sks plaster, .!00 flasks quicksilver.
500 lbs res'.n. 150 bdls shakes. 18,403 lbs soda,
2750 lbs sulphur, KM pkgs 140 pes steel. 35W
bd!s ehookg. 62 pkgs red and white lead. 42S0
1b* seed, 17 cs tar, 12 pkgu fiO peg tubes. 1160
lbs tin. 25.704 lbs tallow. .139 lbs tobacco 45
bx* tin plate. 1« pkga vehicles. 16 pkg* wind
mills. 2* pkgs wai?on material. £1 pkgs wire,
5 coi!» wire rope. 15 bales waste.
The Curacao's Cargo.
Steamer. From.. I Due. \
"W. Kruger . . . San Pedro :May 12
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.lMay 12
Elizabeth Coqullle River May 12
Del Norte Crescent City May 12
Doric..: China & Japan May 12
Coronado San Pedro May 12
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena'May 12
EantaRosa.. San Diego & Way Pts.|May 12
Bonita j Newport & Way Ports. I May 12
J. S. Higglns. Port Los Angeles May 12
Argo ! Eel River Ports . . May 13
Pomona Humbo'.dt May 14
S. Monica San Pedro May 14
R. Dollar San Pedro .- May 14
P.ainler StatUe & Belllngham.. May 14
Wellington... Oyster Harbor May 14
Portland SeatUe !May 14
Edith i Tacoma 4May 14
North Fork.. Humboldt i [May 1j
8 Barbara...' Seattle & Olympla May 15
State of Cal..i San Dlfgo & Way PorU May 16
Umatllla Puget Sound Port* May 16
Sonoma Sydney * Way Ports. May 11
Peru New York via Panama. IMay IS
Eureka Humboldt IMay 16
SerapU ' Hamburg ."c Way Pts.iMay 17
Pomo I Point Arena & Albion.. !May 17
Spokane Humboldt ..(May 17
; Tltanfa Nanaimo (May 17
I Ban Juan . Ne%- York via Panama. May 18
'Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma...... May 18
Alliance Portland A Way Ports. May 18
O W Elder.. Portland & A«torla May 10
Centralia Grays Harbor May 19
Marlposa.... Tahiti (May 21
Hermonthls.. Seattle May 21
i Senator ...... Puget Sound Ports . (May ,21
' Nevadan ..... J Honolulu & Kahullu.. -|M«y '^2
Movements of .Steamers.
TO ARRIVE
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. <¦¦., at noon of the 120th meridian or at H
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. 1*. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
• May It. 10C4. ¦ ¦ • , ¦ -.
for Second Time In One Monti l Pa
tient Appears In Bellevue
! Hospital.
NEW YORK. May 11. — Edward
?.Iorre Field, son of the late Cyrus W.
Fjeld, is again in the alcoholic ward
at ft- Bellevue Hospital for treatment.
He went to the hospital himself and
Tvas examined by Dr. Richards. A
,",month ago he was in the hospital for
the same complaint, at the request of
his son. Dr. Cyrus Field of the Board
of Health. At that time he was ex-
HzrAr.ed as to his sanity and pronounc
ed s'ane. He grave his occupation as a
broker and said he lived at 40 Eighth
avenue.
'•EDWARD M. FIELD SUFFERS
RELAPSE FRO3I ALCOHOLISM
sign precedes the helgW. and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
ST. LOUIS, May 11.— At the World's
Fair to-day Holland's art exhibition
was informally opened to the public.
The exhibit includes a beautiful dis
play of pottery and delft ware, which
occupies nine rooms in the *art pal
ace. The collection of water colors is
said to be one of the finest ever ex
hibited.. ~*
Show Holland's Art.
i a large business and pays only $600 a month
;_rent. -.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French l>ark Marechal de Noaillcs is
chartered for wheat from Portland to Europe
at 15s.
The British ship Donna Francisca is char
tered for luml>er from British Columbia to
Callao at 37s »5d. ¦ . '
The schooner J: A. Campbell, at . British
Columbia, will load pules there for Sunta
Ho^alia. ¦ ¦ .
The bark Mohican returns to Honolulu with
general cargo. ¦•• . ' '" ." ' ¦' f ; r .-'-
Lumber for England.
T,he British ship 'Aiiglf-sey was -cleared yes
frrlay for I-lveYpool. England, with. T>06,778
ft-et of lumber, valued at $:.'7.2U3.
Exports for the North.
• Tfc* steamer Senator sailed on Tuesday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise eargu
consigned to the port of destination and the
principal British Columbian ports. The cargo
included the following: . 23,6-SO lbs raising,
57,545 its dried fruit. :570. pkgs fresh fruits;
07 pkgs fresh vegetables. '2i,ii)O lbs mall. 701)
lbs chocolate. 462't lbs meals. 255 cs canned
goods. CS cs syrup. 8ul*lb« ham and bacon. 5
j.kgs paste, 710 gals wine, 45'il lbs butter,
C'57 lbs coffee, lo sks hop roots, 5 pkgs pro
visions. 1380 lbs dried fish. 1H4U lbs leaf to
bacco. 2S0 cs matches, ;55 pkgs 11 pes steel,
11.915 lt>s bitnmea, ."0 rolls paper. ;t2 rolls
roofing. 11S.0 lbs tallow. 92 bdls Iron, 2<> bales
cotton. 1* cs arms and ammunition. 7 nkzs
machinery. 12 pkgs drugs and sundries, 8 pkgs
paints and oils.
STEAMSHIP CONEMACGH, FOR
THB SAFETY OF WHICH GRAVE
FEARS AHE ENTERTAINED.
The Brltifh *hip Anglesey, which cleared
yesterday for Uverpool. arrived at this port
November 30, 1902. and ever since has b«»en
I«i<l up awaiting a charter. She is now loaded
with heavy elab<. of redwood. Since her ar
rival here the has changed owners.
Idle for Many Months.
For iea?nn of *uch uns=kijlfulne?» and vio<
lction of section 7 of rulp X cited. In navigat
ing th<» fteamer Mary Oarratt en April 1*.
1»Q4. we hav^ thin date miypended his license
bs master and pilot for sixty day*. Damage
to rteanM-r estimat»d p.t S400Q.
After a <-ait»fui oor.sH«»ration of the evidence
m% f.r.ii that Captain McNulty wa» unskillful
iri running the steamer Mary Garratt at full
rpf^d so near to th«» line of wharves when
ptfpir.fr through Otrqotoei Strait, and thai
hi violated section 7, rule X of the general
rules and regulation?, in not having a look
out Ptationpd at th<» bow on April 18, 1904.
Captain McNulty, finding the steamer leak
ing badly, beached her at Dillons Point, on
the cpi*ii5lte side ot th*> strait, where tem
porary repairs w»re made and the steamer
then proceeded to Stockton. We alfo flnl
there was no watchman on l<xikout at the
bow of the itfamer.
Captains O. F. Bolles and John K. Bulger
handed down the following decision yesterday:
In the matter of the steamer Mary Gar
ratt striking the wharf near Crockett, Cal..
while I8*?ing through Carqulnei Strait about
1«:UO a. m.. April 18. 1904. upon investigation
thereof and testimony taken, we Jlnd that the
steamer Mary Garratt. C. A. McNulty master
and -pilot, was on her way from San Francisco
to Stockton. The night was dark, but clear,
wind light, and strong flood tide. When near
Crockett Captain McNuhy, in trying to clear
a fishing boat, the light of which suddenly
flashed up. nearly- ahead, ported the helm anl
altered the course to starboard, and before
h» could change, the course again or back the
tttamer sJi* collided heavily with the wharf.
.iamaeing the bow of the eteamer and break
in* the pile* of the dock-
The rate of reinsurance on the French
ship Lamoriciere was advanced to 90
per cent. She is out 190 days from New
Caledonia for Glasgow. The Lamori
ciere is still on the board at 90 per cent.
Captain's Licence Suspended
The American bark Carrolton, Cap
tain Gordon, now out 103 days from
Newcastle, Australia, was quoted for
reinsurance yesterday at 15 per cent.
She was placed on the board at 10 per
cent, but the rate was advanced to
15 per cent a few hours later. She is
bringinc a cargo of coal.
The Austrian ship Alba, which was
reinsured at 10 per cent, arrived yes
terdav at Brisbane from New York.
The Conemaugh traded on this coast
for a number of years and was well
known at this port. She is owned by
the International Mercantile Marine Co.
She was built in 1SE2 at Sunderland and
is an iron vessel of 2121 tons net reg
ister.
The anxiety felt for the safety of the
steamer Conemaugh found expression
yesterday in the appearance of that
vessel's name on the overdue list, quot
ed for reinsurance at 20 per cent. The
Coneraaugh left Honolulu for New
York with a cargo of sugar 107 days
ago. Thirty-three days later she reach
ed Coronel, renewed her coal supply
and resumed her voyage. Since leav
ing Coronel, 74 days ago, nothing has
been heard of her and grave fears are
freely, expressed that the Conemaugh
has foundered at sea.
' Stmr Eureka, Jes?en, 24 hours from Eureka.
Bark Servia. Nelson, £2 days from New
castle, Acs.
CLEARED.
¦Wednesday, May 11.
Br stmr Wyefleld. Watson, 'Nanaimo: West
ern Fuel Company.
Stmr G«> W Eider. Randall Astoria: Ore
'¦ eon Railway and Navigation Company.
| Br ehlp Anglesey. Jones' Liverpool; J J
> Sloore & Co.
Stmr State of California Thomas San Di
fgo; Pacific Coast SteamFhip Comcany.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 11.
Stmr Arctic. Nelpon, Eureka.
Stmr r A KMburn. Jahnsen. Port Rodders.
bchr Bender Brothers. W'etze!. Slu!>law River.
Stmr Iarjua, JorKenson. San Pedro.
.Stmr Wyefleld. Watson, Nanalmo.
Schr \V F YVitzemann. Peterson, Astoria.
SrOKEX.
April 27— Lat 27 north. Ion 20 west, Fr bark
f:»neral Melllnet. from Swansea, for San Fran,
ciaco.
i-it lark Servia, Hay 5 Lat :5« 32 north.
Ion 136 45 west, schr V«ga, h?nce April 23, for
Golofnin Bay
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LO BOS. May 11, 10 n m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; vefcwlty U niiles per hour.
L-OMKSTIC PORTS.
I'MPQITA— Arrived May 10— Stmr San Ga
briel, from San I'edro. .
SEATTLE-^-Arrlvfd May 10— Schr Snow &
BurjresF,- -from Manila. May II — Stmr-Centen
nial, hence May ,7; .stmr Santa -Ana, from
Valdes: stmr Bertka, trom Valdes.
Sailed Mcy 11 — Schr Emma Claudina, for
Alaska.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 10— Stmr Empire,
hrnce May 6. ., . .
COOKS , INLET— Arrived April 22— Stmr
Jennie hence March 31;- ship Centennial, henci
March 2fi.
KODIAIC ISLAND— Arrived Anril 16— Stmr
Ur.imak. hence Acril 7. •
PORT WRANGEL— Arrived April 23— Ship
Llewellyn- J Morse, h'nee April !».
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed May 11— Slmr
Bonlta. for San Francisco.
Sailed Mav 11— Stmr Santa Rosa, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived May 11— Stmr Mlneola.
hence May 7.
Hailrd May 11— Stmr Edith, for San Fran
ciju'o: hark Haydn Brown, for San Francisco.
BANDON. ORE— Sailed May 11— Stmr Eliz
abeth, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES — Passed May 11— Stmr
C»lia, from Albion, for San Franci«co; BUnr
Iaqua. from Eureka, for San Pedro; Btmr
Noyo. from Eureka, for San Pedro.
TATOOb'H— Pasyrd In May 11— Br stmr-MJo
wera, from Sydney, for Vancouver
TORT LtJDLOW— Sailed May II— Schr John
G North, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed May It— Bktn Newsboy,
for San Francisco;- s^hr Sophie Christem>on,
for San Francl«^>
Arrived May 11 — Stmr Alliance, hence
May «.
Sailed May 11— Stmr Oregon, for «an Fran
cIbco.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed May 11— Schr C T
Hill, for Sf,n Francioco.
PORT LOS ANGELES—Sailed May 11—
Stmr Jam«s S Hlsfrins. for San Francisco,
WILLAPA HARBOR— Sailed May 11— Stmr
ClwhaliB. for San Pedro-.
EUREKA — Arrived May 11 — Stmr. Pomona,
hence Mav 10; May 10 — Stmr Wettport, henc- 1
May f>. and not i-tmr Newsboy, as previously
reported. ?
ISLAND I'OnTS. .
HONOLULU— Sa^ed May 11— Bktn Coro
nado. for San Francisco; U S, itmr Thomas,
for Manila: stmr Sierra, for Australia.
Arrived May 11 — Stmr Sierra, hence May 5,
for Sydney.
Arrived off port May 11 — Schr Edward R
Wtst, from Newcastle, Ahb, and was ordered
to proceed to San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 10— Stmr Segu
ranca, from Colon.
Sailed May 11— Stmr City of Washington,
for Colon.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Sailed May
10 — Ship Ersklne 21 Phelp«. for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MOLLENDO — Arrived April 22— Ger bark
Ali>ten-chwan, hence Jan 21.
• MOJI— Sailed April 27— Stmr Lyra, for Ta
coma and Victoria.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed May 7— Ger ship
Bertha, for PukU Sound.
In port April 10 — Fr bark Guethary. for San
Francisco. ' ' , ¦
HARWICH — Arrived , May . 10— Ft bark Jane
Guillon. hence Dec 27.
LIMERICK.— May II. in Scatery Road*—
Fr bark Marechal de Vllarg, hence Jan 8.
SYDNEY— Arrived May 11— Ship Fort
Georpe, from Melbourne.
BRISBANE— Arrived , May 11— Aus ship
Alba, from New York.
HUNGKNESS — Passed May S— Ger bark
Paul Isenberg; from Hamburg, for Honolulu
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to May »— Stmr
Pleiades from Seattle.
Sailed May H— Stmr Siberia, for San Fran-
KOBE->6ailed May 11— Schr Forester, for
Port TcvnM.nd.
VANCOUVER— Sailed April 28— Br ship
Belford. for Sydney.
HAMBURG— Sailed May S— Ger stmr Aby
des. for San Francisco. . , .
relieved from duty at the Presidio to
. take effect upon the arrival of Cap
t'ain Rand, and he will then proceed
to Ord Barracks. Cal., for duty. Con
tract Surgeon H. Xeuton Kierulff is
relieved from duty at the Presidio and
v.ill report to the commanding officer
of the cantonment for duty.
,. Recruit Thomas R. Carter, now at
Tvenicia Barracks, is transferred to the
signal corps for duty at that post.
"At the request of the Governor of
Washington, under provisions of an
act, of Congress approved January 21,
1 SOS, entitled "An act to promote the
.ef!icienc3es of the militia and for other
. purposes." Captain John Kinzie. U. S.
. -A., retired, will report to the Governor
of Washington at Olympja for duty
¦with the organized militia of that
iJ^tate for a period of four years. Cap
• tain Kinzi**, while on duty, is entitled
" To the full pay and allowances of his
grade. T*nder the same act of Con
press and by the request of the Gov
" *rnor of Oregon. Lieutenant Colonel
James Jackson. U. S. A., retired, will
report to the Governor at Salem for
duty with the militia of Oregon.
Oiar;r<-* Are 3Iade In Medical Depart
tnent of the Presidio by
General Orders.
WASHINGTON. May 11. — Francis
A- Deguire ha-s been commissioned
postmaster of Hemlock. Cal.
Contract Surgeon Frank H. Titus is
OP PVTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
DENVER, May 11.— -The semi-an
nual meeting of the executive board of
the Western Federation of Miners be
gan at headquarters in this city to
day. Vice President John C. Williams
of California will preside at the ses
sions because of the absence of Presi
dent Moyer, who is being held as a
military prisoner at Telluride. The
board sent a message to Moyer ex
tending him its "profound sympathy
and earnest support" and received a
reply from the imprisoned official
acknowledging receipt of the message
to him. Vice President Williams an
nounced that the only strikes in the
jurisdiction of the federation were
those in California and Colorado. The
principal business to be transacted by
the board is auditing the books of the
secretary-treasurer and fixing a time
and place for holding the next conven
tion. \
Message of Sympathy Is Sent to Presi
dent Moyer, Who Is a Military
Prisoner at Telluritle.
MIXERS' EXECUTIVE BOARD
IN SESSION AT DENVER
CHICAGO. May 11.— Five firemen
narrowly escaped death in a burning
building at 51 Institute,. place, early to
day. When the men arrived the three
upper floors of the structure, which is
tenanted by cabinet and piano makers,
were blazing hotly. Three pipemen
climbed ladders to the third floor and
forced their way into. the center of the
building. Finding the heat top great
they tried to retreat, and then discov
ered the door had been caught by fall
ing wreckage; When ten minutes
passed and the three men did not ap
pear other firemen went to the rescue
and carried them from the building.
They were soon revived.
A few minutes later two pipemen
were on the roof when it gave way.
They saved themselves by clinging to
the wall until ladders could be run up
to them. The loss is $50,000.
Two 3Ien Hang on to Wall
Until Taken Down on Lad
ders Placed by Comrades
a beautiful contrast to the background
"of ivory white buildings.
The lagoon was dry to-day. It was
discovered that one of the walls of
the lagoon wag caving in and the water
-would thereby be turned into the un
derground course of the River Des
3'eres. In order to make the necessary
irpairs the water was drained from
The Jagoorj.
The official tour of inspection of the
exhibit palaces will be made to-morrow
.*>; the officials of the exposition. This
.tour will indicate that the majority of
the exhibits are fully installed and the
? will be declared ready for
.bringing- in visitors from al parts of
i h*> coutnry. No effort has been made
U» bring in outside visitors up to this
time and no f-xrursi<->ns have been run
' fey the railroads.
ST. LOUJS. May 11.— With the advent
of 'warm weather following the heavy
s-hcivers of several days ago. the
World's Fair grounds have begun to
assume the garb of summer. The
¦venues that two weeks ago were de
void of color are now fringed with
prass and trees in foliage, presenting
Officials of the Exposition
Will Make a Tour of the
Exhibit Buildings To-Day
ASSISTANCE IS SENT
LAGOOX IS DRAIXED
Avenues That Two Weeks
• Ago Were Devoid of Color
Xow Fringed With Grass
Overdue Steamship Is Quoted for Reinsurance at 20 Per
Cent— Is Out 107 Days From Honolulu for New York
With a Cargo of Sugar and May Have Foundered
Door Closes on Five Chicago
Fire Fighters While at
Work in a Big Building
FIREMEN HAVE
NARROW ESCAPE
CONEMAUGH'S LONG VOYAGE
CAUSING MUCH UNEASINESS
NATURE ADORNS
FAIR GROUNDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1904.
11
ADVEBTISEMENT&
; t^MARKET !
': " Fonnerly Fproafs Market.
Opposite Jcnes and McAllister.
1049 MA3KET M.
Phone South 894.
t Specials For Thursday, Fri-
day and Saturday.
H-g^l bcttle CHOW CHOW . ; . . . 1 ,*»c
TABLE EELIBHES, Teg. 10c 5<!
3 cars IMPORTED SA&BXJTSS.25C
OEIBABSEZiLI'S COCOA liOi!
1-lb can GEIBABO£LX.:'S CHOCO-
LATE iT."5c
6 lbs LAESE SAXTTA CLARA
P2UKES H.jC
9 lbs EO*,LED OATS (Best Eait-
era)
lU-lb square GOOD CB&AMEBT
BUTTSX HOC
4-lb caa of MOCHA and JAVA .
corrrE 85c
If a brick weirhs 7 pounds and a
half a brick, what will a pound of
76c tea cost at Saratoga Market?
/Why. that's easy — 50c of course.
Full line of Heinz Pickles. Chow
Chow and Catsup in stock.
Freigrht paid within 100 miles of
San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PositlTel y cored by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Dnnrsl-
i twss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
! Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. They
1 Regulate the Bawds. Purely Vegetable.
I Small PHI. Small Dose.
! Small Price.
j . _ • ¦
: h visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
! dHUSEUi3 OF AHATOHY#
\ Q G& 1C51 1U2ZZT S7. lit. 6: a «7A , ir.Cii. h
A The Lar^ett Aauoisucsi MuMiania tke \
l) ij.'fcj IVcrid. »ea<£ei^« or *..y coauacled Q
i. jLjJ S» di«»5? *»»i«i»^ly e«r»< hy the old«t Y
O JS^I 1 iper.a.'is: on :h= Coiri. En. jiytui. O
A a%jg>h DR. JOROAN-O'SEASES OF MEN 0
9 A V»*L i T/iataeni p?r»or.*)ijr or by !*:ttr. A Q
'¦ \ly M fmovn Cnrtiae»ery caicoadertakea. T
V • J n* aanniASE. mailed fksx. uf
"S (* u* T1 '<>*ble book for mm) \
V Cn.J»nDlX *t'4».. 1C31 MariptSt..8. F. ('
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
I The Only Double-Track Railway Between
1 the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
!
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smcking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Soathern Pacific, 1
Union Pacific and |
Chicago & North' Western Rys. I
Leaves San Francisco daily it 10 a. re. j
Two other trains dally at 9 a. m. and
0 p. m., ¦ •
For tickets, slfeptn? car reservations and
foil information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co.. or
R. R. RITCHIE. ;
General Ageat CMuzo Si North- Western R*n»» jr.
617 Market Street.
SAX FRASCISCO, CAL. I
I CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI3
! bajlwat compaztt.
! Tlbnxon Perry . Foot of Market Street.
SAN P3LA.ITCISCO TO SA5T EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS- 7:3O, »:WU. tf:0«. 11 :W a. m. ; I
• 12:35, 2:30. 3:4U. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30 i
p. m. ;
Saturdays — E^ttra trip at 1:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS — 7:30, 8:tK> 9:30. ll:0Oa. m.: 1:30.
2:S0. 3:40. 5:10. 6:36..11:30 o. m. .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FBAVCXSCO.
.WEEK UAYS — 0:05. 0:5U. 7:35, 7:5O, \t:2v.
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. t2:00. 3:40, 5:0u. 5:W.
6:25 p. m. Saturday* — Extra trip at 1:43
I p. tn. -
• SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:4O. 4:50, 5:00. 5:20. 6:25, 7:50 p. m. tEi-
! cept Saturdays.
i Leave I In Effect . I Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 19O4. ( San Fran.
W«ek I Sun- I Destina- MBun- J W«rt
Daya. | dayg. | tlon. | days. | Daya.
! 7 :30 a 7:45 al 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a - s< *:4Oa 8:40 a
' 8:00 a 9:30 a ¦ Ignaeto. 10:20 a 10:20 a
! 2:^0p-2:3Op 6:00p rt:l'i> p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:35 p
7:25 p
3:45 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:43a 7:45a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:S0p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p) 2:30 p and 7:25p]7:25p
I 8:10p fanta Roaa. 8:40 pf
7:30 a 7:30 al 10:2O a!10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a] Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p! S:45 pj 7:25 p
Windsor. T ~.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg, [10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton, I
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyrervllle. 7:23 p 7:25 n
aovf rdal«. \ :
7:SOa|7:30a| Hcpland 110^20 allO"^ a
2:30p|2:30p| andUMah. ( 7:25 p( 7J25 p
I J WHllta. j '- T~
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 p[ 7:25 p
8:00 at 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 a!1020 a
2:30 pf 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pj 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 a 8:40 at 8:40 a
0:10p 0:30a Sonoma. 6:C0pi6:20p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:43 pj
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 aJ10:2O~a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| SebastopoL ( 7:23 p] 0:^0 p
STAGES connect at Santa Roaa for Whit*
Eulphur Sprint*: at Fulton for-Altrurla and
Mark Weet Springs; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs: at Gjyservllle (or Skars* Springs; at
Cloveidalo (or the Geysers. Booneville and
Greenwood : at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs.. KelaeyvUle, Carlsbad*
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and BarUett
Springs: at Uklab for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Luke. Pcmo, Potter ValUy
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's Baknell'a
Sanhedrin Helchts. Hullvllle. Orr"s Hjt
Springs. H»Uway House. Comptcne. Cans
etev«ns. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brag/
Westport, Usal: at WHllta for Fort Bragg'
Wegtport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cum.nlns, Bell's Springs, Harris. Oi-
aena. Dyer, Garbervtlle. Pepperwood. ScotU.
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced latea. • ¦ * .¦ -
On Sundays— Round-trip tlcketa to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. -
- Ticket offlca. C50 Market street. Chronicle
bull Jinc ¦ -
H. C WHITING. H. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
IWt. TAMALPA19 Railway
1 "" Leave Tk tntthu twrj ' Arrive "*
; fl—Frandac» h* d Markat a Saa Fraadaq.
! W«dt| Su»- - - jam ¦ "~ "Son- |W«V
Da>-». days jC^W^L. , I>»rv
Mi» * *«:OOa &^aKBS^S itio*, ffi;4CJ
•l:40r OiOOa W^S^^ l:2ArsTsuV
8»lftrlO:OOa Wm^^ •:»O|. 5:»o»
., l:45r yjSSy 5tOO? ; j
,. . ¦ l'3;10H /^PT »iam. . j
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
XOx<TTT>>> >k Train* leave and »r*
/Q/5^<s> tf <^A <^\ duo to arrive at
I / sufwir" \«*i
((AbcMaTcMASTA JU SAN FRANCISCO.
\ * A J-^T — /# » / Fxo* Amu. 10. 1304.
N^ Q | lyS (Foot of Market Street.)
| ; »am - MAIN LINE. -a»i»t»
74)0* VwaTlUe. Winters. Kamsey 7&Qr
7-00* Benleta. SaUna. Klmlrs *nd 8«cr«.
mentu 7-ZBf
7J0a Vallejo. N«pa, C«lUtoga. SanU
. Hoit. Martinez. Sto IUmoa 6 20r
7J0a Klles. UTermore. Tracy, L»ta.-op.
Stoctron 720^
8X0* Shasta KxpreM— (Via Darls),
WluiiiB* (for Btrtlett SpriogsX.
.- Willow*, trruto. lied BluST.
*•' '* ¦ PQrtl*aii. Tseoraa. Seattle 7.50*
800* D»ris. WooUUnd. Kni^hU Landing;. '
-•- .. ; Jl»rr'sT!ll«. Owflli*..., 730^
8 J0i .roit .£4.»ta. Martinez. AatloeX . .
-¦^-Byrpa, Traer. Stocktoiu. X«w-
¦-- - num. Loo IUnos. Muadot*.
" . ." Annona. HiaforO, VUnlln,
- s- • Pwtenria* 4.4ftr
8-50* Fort " Cotuf ' Lath rop. M o U e 1 1 a,
- ' ¦ Jf'rced. Fre«ao, Go*&sa Jaac-«
¦ ,-;>; t:i>c. .H«Bford. VUaiis, Baier*-' .
¦„ - «58r
- BJOi Hilt*. S*a .Jo«». I.tr erm ore . Stock- -
• , ••*".- Mb; (tMHtoa). l«ne. SM^rameato.
- . ' -fjicertllte. Mary*Tlll«,, CJIlco. .
I .'-.'IhNllB&ff...' :....% *.. 420f
1.30* Oakdale. Calnese. J»rnesa-wa. So-
I : .'•'¦-" nora-Tuolimine »ftil AngsU J.... 4 20r
1-00* At<«r.ilc F.i?rr»i— Oslen -tai £.*«;. 11.20 »
i 9 30* . KtehuiOBd,' M»r tla«* - sad >V»f '
- . .-.'. ftttttods ...* ,ri £3 B50f
' 1000* The. Orerl-und Limited — Ojdea, -
' - Dearer. Omaha, CbtUMto. ...' 8 20r
10.00a- VHUJ* ...i 12M»
10-00* U>* Angeles Passenger — Port \
'Costa, Mart'.nei, Byron, Tracy,
i^f**" 1. at* tap, Stockton. Mjcreed.' •
I lUy cnoad. f retao. Gosbeif Jnac-
Hob, Hsnford, Le.T.oore. Vtaatta.
- '• -.. H»Keri2f!d. Lot Anu'.fi ....... 7 23r
lf.COM H«yw»rd, Nlles »nd Way Stations. 3-20f
tVOQj* .Sncrsiueato Rlrer Steameri. ti 100r
3JOr Bentcla... Wlnti*i.- Sacrajpeattv
. Wyodliuid,. Ka.'gbti Laodla?,
- tM»ry«v:iie. OraviUe and way* "
. i »UUon». » ..19-504
3SQr n«yw»rd.M!ea »ad W»y quttoa*.. 750r
J.30r I'ort Costa* Mwtiaei. • Byron.
• i- Tr»ey, 'L»lQrop, Medeiio. ,
Merced,' Berenda, Fresno and
V.-ay sut'.ons beyond Port Costa 12 2>
3 ZOr Tosemlta Valley. ¦* 9.20a
3-30r Martinez. Trsrr. stoctton. tMI... 1020a
4 COr Martinez. Saa lUinoa. V«i :ajo.:; »?«,
Callatogk. Santa Roaa 9 20*
4 OOr X!!e». Tracr. Stockton. Lodt 4-20r
4-30r Hayward. Niies. IrTiagtoo. San » t8.S0«
Jose. L(T«rmore ( $1 1.50*
BOQr Tha Owl Limited— Kewmaa. Lot
Baoot. Mendoia. Fresno. TuUr*.
Bskersfleld.LosAng8les 9 20*
§4)0r Port Costa. Tr»ey. Stockton 12-20p
f& iOr Hayward, Kllei and £»n Jok« 7 20*
6.00r 11 ay ward. Nilciand San Jote 9 5C«
6 -00p Eastern Express— Ogdea. DenTer,
~ '¦ Otnaha. St. Loni*. Chicago sail
i-ast. Port Coata. Beclcla, Sul-
san. Elmlrs, DbtIs, Sacrameato,
Rocklla. Auburn. Colfax,
Truckee. Boca, Reno, Ka4*
worth, Winnemncca 5 23'
• .00* Vallejo. dally, except Sundsy i •» KA _
700r Vsllejo, 3undsy only .....f /ou
J.COr Itichtnoad, 9>a P»blo. Port Costa,
Marttaei sod Way SUtloas 11-20*
t-CBf Oregon A California Express — Sac-
ramento, MarysrlUe, Beddtnx.
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8-50*
9.10i" Hajward. Nl!ea sndSaa JoteOnn-
m d»yonly> 11-604
COAST LINE <.1«rrow (iai«.>.
. ; (Foot ot Market Street )
7.45a SanUCruz£xcur!ton(Saaday0nly) 8-IOr
8.15a Newark, Cenrervliie. tan Jo««.
Fclton. Boulder Cree», Santa
Crai and War Stations 5 55f
t2.1Sr Kewsrk, CeoterTlIIe. San Joaa.
New Alnxtdeo. Loa Ga:o».Fe:toa,
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cru» aad
Principal Way Station* ftO.55*
4.167 Newark. San Joif. LotGtto* aad » t8.55 »
way utatloni .''. lt10 55*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FIU.Nt'irtu. Foutvf Market St. (S;!p«>
-t::15 *:00 IUWa.u, 100 3 00 5-iorn
From PAKLAXD. Foot of Broadway — 1«:(» »:0H
t8:05 Kf.oaAM. 12 00 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE <uro»4 t-«u>«>.
tW~ (l&lrd »nd l'uwnaend Street*.)
f.10* San Joae and Way Stations 8 30r
.00a San Joae and Way Stations 5-40p
7.15* Monterey and S kct* Crux Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30?
• 00* Kew Almaden (Tnes.. Frld., only). 4.1 J.»
I-OOa The Coaster — Stops only Saa Jote.
Gllroy (connection for Bollls-
ter). Pa]i«X>. CattroTllIa (coa-
aection to and from Montarey
and Pacific Grove). Saltcas, Saa
Ardo. F»so Robiea. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lais Obtspo, principal
stations thence S a rf (connection
for Lompoc). principal station!
taence danta Barbara,San Baena-
?entnra, B<ir!)an'<c. Los Acgeiea . 18.41*
9. CO* San Jo*e. Tres Plnos. Capito'.v
SantaCrnz.PaciseOroTe.Sallnaa,
8an l.uU UbUpo and Principal
Way Stations 4.18*
1030* E»n Jo»e aad Way Stations 1-29?
11-30* Santa Clara. San Joie.Xoa Gatoa - •»;
and Way Station* ...'. 7.30p
1 3Qp San Jote and Way Stations ....... 8 38*
• OOr p e | Mccte Rtprens— Santa CTara,
Sin Jo**. Dei Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa
Cruz. Boalder Creek and Karrov
Gauge Points) at Gllroy for Hoi-
llstrr. Trea Plnoa. at Pajaro for
Sinta Cruz, at CastrorlUo for
Salinas 12-18*
3-30r Tres Plnos War Passenzer.. ....... 1045*
4 30p fan Jo«e and Way Stations 18 00*
tS 00 r Santa Clara, iua Jote. Lot Gatos,
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) t3.00a
l5-30r SanJoteandPrtneipalWaySUtlons {9. 43*
6 43'" Sunset Limited.— Kedwood. San
Jose, Gllroy.Sallnas.Paso Kobles,
San i.u!s Ublspo, Santa Barbara.
Loa Aagriea, Vtmtag. El PaaOw
New Orleana. New York. Con-
* nects at Pajaro for Santa Crua
and at Cattrorftle for Pacific
GroTeand Way Stations 7.10a
19 Mr EattUateo.Beresford.Belmont.Baa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alto tS 4?»
6 30r San Jcse and Way Stations. 6-33a
8 OCp P«:« Alto and Way Station! 10.15a
II.SQp bouthSanFranclscouMlllbrae. Bnr
linstme. Saa Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
Mcalo Park, and Palo Alto 9 43?
• 11-30P SIiyfieM. Mountain View. Snnny-
-vaie. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jose tg-43>
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSnnday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
tfetop* at all stations on Sunday.
nr^Ocly trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
ar«S:lu a.m.. 7:00 a.m.. JrfS a-m.. U:30a m.. S:30i>ju
l:aar.it. andS.COxji,
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO i
I LEAVES UAILY M
. I at O:3O a. m., througrli la 3 day3, 1
I witb diner and all trapping*. >|
Other Santa To Trains:
I:*?*" ™-\ for 8tockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8 :00p! m. J M «rce«l. Uanford and Vlaalta.
4 :C0 p. m. for Stockton;
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Cacyca and
Chicago.
TICKET orricrs— €41 Market St. and
Parry Depot. SV r. Also Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 Soata Tlrst St-
San Jose.
H" TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
. Via Sansalito Terry.
Suburban Service. Standard Uauge Electr.c —
l.'epart from San Francisco Dally "i-.iXK ».w>,
8-.W). 10:00. 11: CO a. m.. 12:20. 1:«. 3:1». 4:13.
3:13. 0:15. 7:00. 8:45, 10:^*0 11 :15 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO' SAX FRANCI3CO
—Dally. 5:25. 8:S3. 7:40. 8:33. 0:33. 11:0*
a, no 12:2U. 1:13. 2:55. 3:43. 4:43. 3:43. «:*3.
s:45. 10:20 o. m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN" FRAN-
CISCO — Daily. 3:45. C:55. 7:32. !»:33. 0:35.
11:2© ». tu.. 12:33. 2:00. 3:13. 4:03. 3:00. «:C5.
":C3. 2:00. 10:H5 p. tn.
THROUGH '1-RA1NS.
8:00 a. rn. dally — Cazadero ami way stations.
ft:13 p. m. week daya (Saturday excepied> —
Touale* and way stations.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. *-'«. :
¦ Sundays only — 10 a. ra.. Point Reyts and
way staticcs.
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market st.
FERRT — Cnion Depot, foot nf Marfcft st.
The Weekly Call
61 per Year*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .THURSDAY, MAY 12. ; 1904.
12
spikitcalism.
*"™"" retubned! ~~~—~~ --
mrs. j. j. whitney.
Clairvoyant, trance business medium and Ufa
reader; also communications from you? de-
parted friends. ' Hotel Netnerland. IS Turk
et.. near Market, room 17. elevator.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
& business med'm. read dally $1; dev'p'g class
Thurs. 8 p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;tel. Jessie 3436.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
night, 10c. 619 McAllister. Come, skeptics.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis St.. readings
dally: phone Sutter 3094.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
¦ tlate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy St. Z'hon* Scott 8S7.
CLAIKVOYAiSI.S.
THE FUTURE REVEALED. THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
Ths Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarlon's treatise that is
so electrifying the world to-day. He 1« no
imitator. His work Is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works In the open
light.
Ho is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he Is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
is of little value; when the mind is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This Is just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on him for a first- (
class clairvoyant reading. >!
He asks you no questions, but tells you
'What you wish to know. .
He doee not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of; trouble and
suggest thfl remedy.
Permanently located 428 Eddy St.; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. . Lady attendant.
Hours. 10. a, m. to 8 p. m.
ASSURED success for you. '.\;V
Call at oryre and rave $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult htm.
\ ;,'• r : PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and.
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
mako no charge If I fall to tell -your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tel". you if
1 husband, wife «r lover It true or false; who and
when you will marry: how to gain the love of
the one you desire: "In fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself: his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable: he Im-
proves your character so that you will : reach
the highest possible development in mental
vigor health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: tho controlling power implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality: gives advice on
mining and burled treasures: gives you success
In life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services. ¦ r
10 a, m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday. •
326 O'Farrell St.— 326. . . >"
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card; reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and -future; 1.
fiflc, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
elt.v. $1 00. ' ,'312 Maacn st.. near Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted, clair. and palm.;
has, second sight; a - wonderful . prophetess;
names; 1. 50c, g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
1 A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25c, up.. 17 3d. next Exam.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmist. clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me.good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tcl. Larkin 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; buslneea ad-
vice: names given; 25c up. 835 Howard iL
MME. WALTERS, great. card reader: la. "25c:
gents . £0c. 051 Mission St., nr. Oth; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader tn city.'
,265a Kearny, -room 20; ladies 25c; gents 50c.
LOUGl.NU HOl'SliS FOR SALK— Con. ,
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst ' building, over "Examiner" en-
Corner 3d and Market ets., San Francisco. Cal.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black 3607, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract with every sale. ,
trance.
We make any sale on our installment plan.
Hotels, rooming and apartment houaes for sale.
ANOTHER high-class proposition; 82 rooms,
very expensively furnished by a connoisseur:
rent only $451; long lease; electric elevator;
private bath with each suite: everything Al;
exclusively for sale by MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT-HOUSE full of tenants who
do all their own work; landlady only sweeps
the halls; 24 rooms, air light and sunny; near
Market and Van Ness; you pay $1000 down and
borrow balance of MARION GRIFFIN.
50 room*; new building; new furniture; sanl-
U.ry enameled beds; rent $200: 6-year leas;;
electric lights; price J3500; profit depends on
ability or manager; exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.
BEAUTIFUL" furnishings are appreciated by
ladies of refinement in all civilized countries,
but In none are the connoisseurs more critical
tl'an those In this city, and none could find a
defoct in th» exquisite draperies, golden oak,
blrdseye maple and rich velvet carpets In this
sunny corner house of 37 -spacious rooms, fur-
nished in Feb.. 1004; $2000 Is required as 1st
payment; exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
EXCHANGES.
Exchanges of All Kinds Made Dally.
40-room house, worth $11500; clears $175: to
exchange for a smaller house. ¦
Also 20-room house, worth fl.VK). clearing
$72 monthly, to exchange for smaller house.
Also a swell 17-room house, clearing $S0
monthly, to exchange for about 30 rooms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
. 63 LARGE, well-furnished rooms In a corner
house: thoroughly clean; painted new inside and
outsldt: 27 big windows: rent only $225. with
a transferable lease that runs 5 yearn from 12th
of next August; guaranteed to be clearing $200
per month; price $4000. MARION GRIFFIN.
FLAT of 8 rooms, newly furnished; rent $25;
5 rooms rented for $36; price $250.
.¦ " . MARION GRIFFIN.
10O ROOMS; sunny corner;~rent $125. .. .$4500
100 rooms; clears $350; low rent..... $6500
80 rooms: furniture nearly new $3800
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
'40 rooms: In Oakland;, new; rent $60 $2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent ...$G0O
Money to loan ¦ on ¦ furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
MUST Mil. going away 2 weeks— 14-room
rooming house at 815 Twelfth St.: look at
this If you want to buy; no agents, deal
with owner. „_
80 ROOMS; elegant new apartment house. 3
and 4-room suites ;' 60 rooms, -furnished; rea-
sonable rent: charming location; sunny.. Box
3548. Call office. ¦»... f : \\
14-ROOM house; rent $45; near Larkin and
Hyde sts. ; full of roomers: owner will sell
for H650; this week. Box 3522. Call office.
21 ROOMS; lodging-house: nice location. In-
quire grocery store. 1030 Folsom Bt. •
NINE rooms; all full; ' must sell, on account
of s'ekness Inquire 212 ""* fth st.
CAPEXOME.
TICKET office for all points In Alaska. C. F.
MOORE, 027 Market St., room : 300. First
steamer May 24; $75 first class.
COXABCTXOX OFFICES. >
, BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
" Montgomery, roomw .9-10: -tel." Main S5B0.
COTTAGES FOR SALE.
COZY cottage ; « rooms, bath : modern ; warm
belt: lot 30x122:0. Call: 1016 Shotwell st. v
CLOTHING SEKOTATIirO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed," $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St.. -room 14;
1 phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver iree.
CI.AIKVOYAXTS Contlnnetf.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et., cor. Turk; private readings dally. IO a.
m. to 0 p. m.; readings by mail aa satisfac*
tcry as in person; 3 questions answered, fl;
full life, $5: eend lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency ;send postofnee.
Wells -Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — Miss M. Wllle, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon. names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
Mme. Odell returned; clairvoyant, card reader;
tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. S32 Ellis st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names date
and facts; readings dally. 917 Market at.
MRS. BROWN. clalr\oyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23% 6th; 1. 23c. g. 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortant.
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader slt-
tlngs dally. 448H Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
A "WEEK'S news for B cents — The Weekly Cull
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, n per year.
CA It Pi; T DKATIXG _A?IP CLEAfnXG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
fUx>r without removal; carpets and rugs are
also cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co.. 3OS Market St.; phones Main
152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
<" send for SPATT^DING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat.
Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St., clean-
lng^& laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74
WESTERN Carpet Clean In x Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.;-Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 22ft.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 12S.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 804. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH * CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. M lesion 263
CBEDIT^ OTOCTTRM. *
C F. ADAMS CO. ~~— ~~~ ~
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
¦ We clothe the whole family from hat* to
¦hoas;' everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 31S Mason st.
CTJB.ES KTJPTTJBE.
WHO?— Hunt fr, 1206 Market st.: $100; rupture
cure for $10: circular explains; send for one.
~~ SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 8, 1002.
Mr. A. Hunter — Dear Sir:
For 10 years 1 was afflicted with scrotal 1
rupture. I used all kinds of trusses. Your
rupture holder has cured me. My health is :
better than It has been for years. Yours '
truly,
DEIDRICH BENECKE.
2CO5 Mission st.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot lireak"'
warranted 20 yrs. : crown, $3 5O - fillings 5<v'
plates, $5: full »et; all work painless." and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 2* Sixth
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new Wth
' from $S per set; extracting 5Oc: gaa given!
Pa o rt f , De . n K ta «f P » rl0r8 ' Kearn >'- cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 30 up: crowns. $2 up;fminBs,2TK:.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist r 14 \«t
floor. Phelan bid.. 80tt Market, cor! O'FarreU.
GOLD fillings. 7r.c; silver. Xf.cs crowns. *2- no
pain: open i-undayg. Dr.O.BHewltt.204 Suttr.
l " tK - 5 * 31vKI::KS A1>u '^AiisrKr:wt..,
ACCORDION, sunburst and kmife-VlaUlnV
jsK^isr factory - ™
JOKZT X>. SPEECKELS, Proprietor.
W. -J. MARTIN Business Manager
TEX DOLLARS KEWAUD.
Sultry The Call Office If Yon Miss
Your Pai>cr.
* Xf for but cause THE CALL Is not de-
livered regularly to sufctxriber* please
• call up "CAI.I. EXCHANGE- and notify
Gutoscripticn Clerk In efcarsre. Tour com-
CUlnt wiil receive prompt attention.
• . A ctatdlnsr reward of Ten Dollars
. J-310.C0) is offered ioi the arrest and
rcaviction cf aar one caufffct steaLnr
TELEPHONE.
*• AfJc fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
'nect You With the Department You >Msn.
Publication Office Market anci Third. 6. F.
• E<!:torial lioon.t 21T 10 £21 Stevenson «t. j
• Demered by Carriers, 20 Ct*. Per 75
CtJ. Per Month. Siaf> Copies 6 Cts.
Tenr.* by 3iall Including Poetage iCaih "i«
Order): ._ M
TAILY CALL (inc'.urt. Sunday), 1 year... .$5. 00
'DAILY- CALL (i:iclud. Sunday). 6 mot..-. •£»
• DAILY CALL— By Single Month '£
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year -•£* |
. WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 10 °!
T r»a!lv...$S.<*0 Per Year Extra j
rOKEIGN J j^ndav. 4.15 Per Year Extra I
POSTAGE. [_ Weekly. 1 .00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSntASTEBS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eangfte Cer-ie* •»"•! be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mai! Kttbscriben la entering ci-.anjre of *a-
£r<*> ftboeld I* rart.K'u!"'" to Five both NEV>
AND OLD ADDRESS in crder to insure a |
prang* and correct compliance wilb their re- j
BUCK.
OAKLAND OFinCE:
1118 Brcaiway Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
CHS> Cc=ter fcireet Telephone North . «
• ' * Washington correspondent:
. SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Bartcn
. . NEW TORE NEWS STANDS:
".' IValScrf-Aftoria Hotel: A. Brtnuno, ol
. Cation limy HOT Hotel; Fiith-ive-
¦csc Hct-i and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fherrean House; P. O. News Co.; Great
,* *Ccrthem liotW: Trcmont House; Auditorium
' H.v-!; PabBer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KKO'JNESS. Marauettc Eui'.dmg
*. <L- i.s Distance XfclepboBe. "Central *Jtil9.'">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
. ETEPllEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
. NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
'C C. CAP.LTON Hera!d Square
BISINESS OFFICE cf th* San Francisco
•: Call, corner Market and Third Ftreets; open
" ur.t-1 o'clock every r.icht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
HJOfe Market Eireet, opposite Fifth; open until
.11 t. m.
. Tl'T Montgomery etreet, corner Clay; open
until 'j/M p. m.
:.0<t Haye* rtreet: cp»n until !):30 p. m.
t'.T» McAllister street; open ur.til 9:30 p. fn.
CIS Larkin ftre*>t; open ur.til 9:"0 p. m.
13(1 M:*s:on street; open until 10 r- rn.
"'Ji'l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until i< »¦ tn.
Ifki Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
:<"1'!, V«!»r,ci! ytreer: nr>en until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church an£ Duncan etreets;
cp»n until 0 p. m.
KcrthwcxS cerner of TwrtUy-Frernfi and Ken-
loeky *rreeif; or>en ur.til 9 p. m.
"2 r >'< Kiiimcrt- «trfet; op«>r. urtil » p. m.
till 1:01 SERVICES.
CHARLES T. RUSPELL. the eralrect divine
at the Bible Hnus*?. Alleph»ny. Pa., and au-
thor ct ' ¦Millennia I Dawn," »-i!l lecture In
Fiatemal Hali. Alcazar building, at 7:3«>
o'clock to-r.i£ht. ' Subject. "The Oath-bound
¦Covenant." All Invited. Seits free. No
collection. Undenominational.
MEV. DK. CARIIADINE. holiness evangelist,
. will hold a series of meetings at Penlel Mls-
*i'r. Hill, 4P Thir<1 ft. (entrance on Ste\ensOn
*:.». May <5-li;. Services 2:3O and 7:30 p. m !
HEKTI>ti NOTICES.
A SPECIAL meeting cf San >fcT\Aflf>A
- *¦ " » Ccn*lstory No. I, A. /Pj/^wA
sn-i A. ¦'¦• .0 .': ¦•¦¦¦ will b* f\ >y3ji'jiJ£Ul '
hel-i in Curr.mandery Ha!!. Ma- tt rVft I
toni'- Templf. THURSDAYS' _j£A£_^T '
•EVENING, May 12. lftfU. at J^TgKT^r I
t> »"c -jck. Sj>eeia! burins?*. * ;< <.***j*/
HENKY BUHNER. Uegiftrar. lt^
A' SPECIAL meetins of Yerba Busr.a m, j
Bu^r.a Ixxlge of Perfection No. 1, A. JJT
' :.:. 1 A. Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, f\
Kill J* h'-ld In Corr.rr.an'5» > r.v Hall Ma- JSV»
wmlc Tenvte. on THUBSDAT EVEN- V— ~r
ING. M*y 12. 15H4. at 8 o'clock. ' Special
" tJ*:r»i* HENRY BURNER.
MISSION Chapter NoT 79." R. a7 M.— "«
Sr*c;aJ n;^ting THIS 'TUUKSDADVY
J>'ENlN<i at 7;.1'i o'clock. Koyal /V\
Arch ljesr^e. By orrfer of the H. 1*.
JOHNR. HILLMAN, Secretary.
" CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. & A. «
M. will raert 1HIS (THURSI»AV) W
EVENING at 7:50 o'clock. Third de- /V*
• er«. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
Fir/El7iTY~L~odse~ No! 12i7~r"7~and~lT o
ML— Special mating THIS (TKl'ns-YY
r>A7> EVENING. at 7 :.'50 o'clock. /V\
Third d'Cfe. Master Masons cor-
tlla'.Iv invited. By order «>f the W. M.
._ FREDERICK BAIIRY, S*cretary._
SOL'TH fan Francinco Lodge No. 212. g
1'. * A M.. u^ftt THIS (THCKS-VV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, for /^S
J::rt »>eree. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
IX'.RIC L<**£«» No. 2167~F. an4~A7ll.- n
Ftrrt decree THIS (THURSDAY* N>V
EVENING. T:.Trt o'clock. Masons or- /^\
*iia'ly invited. By <»r<lpr of th«> Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
BTaHb KING Ij^irf No. 341. F. and m
A M. :U7 I>PviK?d*-ro rt. — Sm/nd VY
fltpree THIS iTHCBEDATI EVEN- /V\
INO. at ~::m> o'clock. Master Masrin»
cordially Invited. By onl^r «.f th« W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
CANTON San Francisco N'o. 5. -- •-
Patriarch Militant. I O. O. V.—/§gSBii&£ z
Fp*cial -.-'¦'• rr 'Iiil> 'T H! r.^-"-,*ff.V^V«
t>AY> EVENING. Uniform. *2it4.i*& F
7'- C. L ZIEGLER. Camain.
- GEO. H. WILSON. Clf-rk.
TTIE San Francirco Scottish Thlrtle v v.
<~lub tn^«"t5 THIS tTTIURSDAY)^, >>^
EVENING ir. Frairrnlty Hall. 32 >\xS?
O Farrr II St.. at o'clock.
OEO W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA H«rbor No. IS. j^
.-.-¦': member* uv< ¦'•-»'•> jr. | g|'*^ fo?i sJl^ '
. ; -i»Mrd U> atfnd tl> funeral .Sfff^^
til ' our late brother, v^
CHAHLES A. DOBK. fn m the undertaking
parlor* of J. God^au SOS Mnnttoraery ave-
rur. THIS DAY <THtTKSDAY). at 1 p. m.
JOHN McFATtLAND, CapUin.
• H. N. P1PPEY, Secretary.
EKKVIAN Benevolent Society—
OfBCTS and membfri arc re- -^ 4
i«r»ectfuliy requt-fted to as- 4t JcS. j(
rT-ible st the lod^e roome. 102
TFarrell «.. THIS DAY at vHfffic
7:30 p. m. tor the purpose of 1
tis2ctlr.K official buelnc»s. l^^gf
JOHN A. LJUBIERATICH. President
RA1XK3EVICH. Secretary.
;AL MEETING — The regular annual
ling: of' the Mockholderg cf the Olynipie
Water Cotcpony will b* held at the
¦e of tbf <-oror«ry. 327 Markrt rtrept San
ocli"o. Cal., oa Mcnday the 23d day of
•. iy<34. at the hour of. 3 o'clwjc p. m.,
th» purpose of electing a board of <J|I
i>rs to p«rrve for the ensuing year, and
transaction of t-uch other burinens a* may
c- before the meeting-. Transfer booke will
e on Friday. May 13«h. 1JKM. at a </cloclc
, .j.. CHARLES A. GIBSON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re.
tf ivfd application to mine by hydraulic pro-
«e»» from Vacinda Mlnir.s Company in Va-
c'nda mln*. near Indian Dlcsings. El Doradj
County. C8i.. firaininc Into Cedar Cr»ek.
which re»che« CoEumnft River, trivo* nctice
tfcat vnerUnK will he held at room 91. Flou-1
Irjl'tfinif, San Francieco. Cal.. May 23. 1904.
e1 1 :3fl p. tn. -
AaTHMA^aEagED'g. '
A Dl Nola's Asthma Heiaf-ay relieves lnetant-
Jy; 10c. 25c. 60c 1C«2 Market. St. Nicholas.
AtTTOMOBILES :^ FOR V SALE!!
tS:b:.*X>- H AJf D automobllea In f.rst-cl»»»
»r<ir» tor «ale <*eaj». Inquire at 20 Goldeo
Gat* ave.; phon« Howard K71.
V.' ANTED— An automobile, to seat 4 persons.
Ir. firrt-Hafs runnir.s ord«r; ft«te make,
»xiwer. price a^ked. t-tc Box 1S50. CalL
AGENTS WA.VfBD.
WANTED — Men and women to represent a
Chicago house; established routes of trado.
etc.; experience unnecessary; salary »5o P«
mo. *nd all vxper.se*. Address L.. 911 > a»
N>?s ave., San Frar.cUco. Cal.
AGENTS— An sgency tor a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Partott building.
ADTT2T73EME^T VmiTTSO^
HAVINlfrecenUy acquired through exchange
of property three »4O scholarships in the best
College of Advertising in the United Statcti.
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for |
earn: the co!I«>ee teaches advertising writ- i
Ing by correspondence and assists. Its grad-
uates " to secure positions: catalogues fur-
nished on application. Addrefs box 3026. »_all.
ATTH R .M3 V *»- A T-L A W.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
See me and save money; no ray In advance.
G. W HOWX ATTORN EV-AT-UW.
Established 22 .vis ; rnu. I. 2. 3. 4 & 5.1st fl..
1111* Markft *t.. between Mascn and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
~~ ADVICE FU.EE
Columbian Law & Coll. 'Agcy.. r. S5. 9!6
Market; phone John 6226: open evenings;
transacts at most reasonable rates all legit-
imate law buslnrss; bends furnished In crim-
inal and civil cases: small collections taken.
R W. KING, Attorney -at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advante or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE frte: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law butiness;- office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r. 31.
DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly: call on up
'er» golnc elsewhere .Phone Jame» (££21;
room 41. B18 Market St.; oppolte Emporium.
DIVORCE— Costs %1'2: ¦ quick, quiet; advice
free: open evenlnrs. 927 Market St., rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a six>iialty; no publicity; advloe
fr?K>; cost* S12 Ad. H.A.f 5 ., P.O. box 2K<9, S. !•*.
L. B. CLARK, :C7 Market et.; consultation
frf«>; no fee* in advance: o!*n evening?.
BCSISKSS CHANCES.
A — $1000; BOABDXXG and rooming hous?; 30
room*-, kitchen and dining-room. .'i7 beds,
fowl furniture, lease, place luiying well. See
It. «J. WILKE. 26Va Kearny st.
A— ?500; PARTNER want?t! in chophouge and
coffee saloon: o;>en day and ni?lH; a first-
<laM* proposition. See R. «. WILKE, -»*-,
Kcarny st.
A — (2S00; DAIRY depot and route; daily spies
5f» cans; S horses. 4 wagon*-, etc.; most pri-
vate customers: business kept l>y owner 15
years; a good-iiaylng Investment. Call R. U.
WILKE, 20' 2 Kcarny st.
A-JMiO; BUTCHER shop; eetab. years; all
cas-h trade: $10 pir day; rent $20; beet lo-
cation: a bargain: owner must leave. See
R. G. WILKE, rt>4 Kearny «.
A — }SW; branch bHkery and delicatessen
Ftore wit:> 4 rooms; rent $-5: fine location;
pood business. See R. G. W1LK1E, 2ti}*
Keamy s.t.
A— $3500; ONE of the best meat markets In this
city; 5 years' lease; rent $50; weekly pales 5
cattle, 5 calves, 5 hogs. 25 sheep: a splendid
location. Call R. G. WILKE, 1'6>4 Kearny.
A— S20C0; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton Ets.; rent $1J>W;- lease; place estab-
lished years; fir«t-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^i Kearny *t.
A^$300: SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk sts.;
tent $50; this is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a workingman's place;
rare chance. See R. G. WILKE, 2t>>i K^jrny.
53OOO — GROCERY and bar, on Fourth st., about
1 block from Market *t. : lease; good paying;
years; sickness only cause of
sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny Bt.
A— $1000; RESTAURANT In San Rafcel; daily
receipts $25; rent $30; must he sold at once;
Good place. See R. G. WILKE, 26 1 ! Kearny.
A— $1000: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; close to Market St.; dally receipts
about $40; rent $45; good business; value In
eight. R. G. WILKE. 26<* Kearny st.
A— $0000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business: store receipts about 500 per day:
bar receipts about $20: owner will sell for
cash or ¦ trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 2ti>-i
Kearny *t.
A— $2C00; CORNER grocery and bar. on PotobJI
Ft.; 5 years' lease: rent £40;. business estab.
years and first-class paying: value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, l"6»i Kearny St.
A — $5000: THE leading ealoon in manufacturing
town of about 3<kiO inhabitants: 5 years'
lease; rent $*»0; full value in sight; first-class
paying busings: about 25 miles from S. F.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2C'i Keainy «t.
A— $750; SALOON on Montgomery St.; place
established yeare; owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate: a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26^8 Kearny st.
A— $3000: CORNER Ealoon; close to Call bldg.;
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the best saloon locations In this city, and
a live man can clear $5C0 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26'.i Kearny st.
A— $1100; SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Ke-arny and Hush sts.: rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 i>cr month: nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26> 3 Keamy st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 ca«h and service secure Interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly' as-,
surrd: hlghett references givrn and required.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., !)27 Market st.
A^VrUNlTURE BUSINESS.
A fcupiness man with <frcm $2000 to $3000 can
secure !>artn«?r£hii> la established business in
thts city nn<3 take charce of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. U27 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE
Ft sal* 1 : a high-t-Iacs business: long estab-
lished and centrally located: owner desires
tf> retir-*-; will invoice about $5CO0.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A^RARi: OPPORTUNITY.
$"UO cash and wrvlces secure interest in es-
tablished office business paying $15 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple aceyuntF.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A^ THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest investment and most
profitable enterprise in the city. We repre-
sent t»'o of the largest incorporated companies
In S. F., and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and office men who can invest a
small amount of rash with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. S27 Market it.
A GOOD OPENING
Fnr a young man who can Invest $500 in a
high-class real estate 01 flee and fill position
of cashier: experl p nce not necessary: invest-
ment nfcured and $2O weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 81T7 Market «t.
GRAND opening for right man; general mer-
chandise store; except groceries; out of this
city; sales $R00 to $300 monthly, profit 35 j
per cent; price $2500. or will Invoice; well
established: fin* location: low rent.
MARION GRIFT"IN. room 400 Examiner bid.
WANTED — Partner In a very rapid growing
business; no experience required; must be
ratisHed with $100 a month: amount required
$r.f;O. Apply bet. 10 «nd 12. California Alr-
Llcht Co.. St. Ann's building, 0 Eddy st.
WANTED— Party to Invest from $5000 to
$f»OCO In established manufacturing food bu6-
lne»»; money required to handle Increased
business; will pay over 1 per cent monthly
on ln\eitment. Address box 7963. Call office.
I J350 — INDUSTRIOUS worklngman to take ln-
1 trrest in manufacturing, business; duties,
overce help, attend shipments, keep plain
accounts. Room 104. 1170 Market st.
FOR sale — Grocery ttore; good family trade;
onn*r retiring from business. Inquire of
owner at 1231 Park st... Alameda, Cal.; rent
rtnsc-nable; 15 years In business.
FOR SALE — Half Interest In a well establish-
ed real estate business In a small city In
California: want a good working partner.
Box 1063. Call office.
FOR SALE — Half Interest In a good contract-
Ing business where you can deal with half
the property owners In the city; price $500.
Box- 1876. Call office. -
$T5,0C0 FOR whole or will sell half Interest
In a contracting business In one of the larg-
est cities in California; large stock on hand.
Address for particulars/box 1S52. Call.
FOR SALE — About $2250: on* of the best
pajrtag grocery stores in San Francisco; large
trade :^ horses and wagons, etc.; stock new
anl clean. Box 323S. Call office.
RESTAURANT, delicatessen and liquor store;
3 Hi ire rooms; yard; must V><* sold; owner
has oth«r business; clears $150 month; rent
$20; will etand Investigation. Box 18*0. Call.
FOR eale — Corner cigar etand: doing good bual.
ness; no agent*. Apply 1103 Dupontst.. cor.
Pacific.
WANTED — A partner in dry goods, dothinff
ab* shoe business with $2.VtO. In a thriving
town In California. Box 1915. Call' office. •
$3000— GENERAL merchandise store In amall
town In ¦ farming community, near coast.
Particulars box 1768. Call office.
FOR SALE — An established picture framing
business In city across the bay; good trade.
Box 1S41. Call office.
, . EJt>CCATlo :I^, 1 !L~~-~
lighted "tf^*%?if£ P n>w complete,
study in the f ntire \N e>t J. h ±f!J; lnnTlrln*
ext?r.slvt; departments. Thor.Ji.n. »" v
instruction. "-V^" S^wS !°?GE Wl-
CAUrORXM BUSINESS CULLfc.CE. wi
!C5 flclden Gat? ave. .
WKALl/3 BrSINESS COLLEGE =» P^S T 3.
K.-BookkeepSr-g. shorthan-I. J pin*,
lansu-se*. i^Iegraphy. Ens"** ht^^l'u^
and night sessions; illustrated cataloguejtrt^.
ATRCS, tho leadlns business »--oIl»>ge. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years: the s iIum. ! tn at
secures positions for sraduatcs; just ad.led -J
new typewriters: catalogue_ir^
ALARGEft and bitte'r school
ct once If you desire a good s^ lon p J?,^
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping, b. F. Business
Collese. l?:;tj Market _st.
HEALD-S School of Mines*Klectriclty '-'* Post
et S Fa practical school of engineer!™?,
complete equipment. Special catajoguejjrej?.
KXGINEKRIN'G — Civil, elec. mln.'. mech., sur-
vey. a.«say. cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1*M. % a ..
der Nalllen School. If. f.ilton. nr. llty Hal..
ATTEND GallaKher-Mar3h Business College on
advice of official coTzrt r*-Dnrters *uid be com-
petent stenographers. VS2 Market; catalog-
¦VVESTEP^N* Business ColIese:Oild Fellows' bid.;
bookkeej,lng, ghorthand. touch typing, amn..
spelling, writing, etc.: day, eve.; >4 mo. eve.
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened Ms
Juvenile classes at Findlay^s Hall. lTth St.;
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally.
SPANISH— A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO. KJO California St., r. 4.
GUITAK, mendolin and piano. *•'> per m<x;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. S28 Haight st.
PIANO 1-srons 25c half hour. MRS- PECK.
experienced teacher, iota Mlsaien. nr. gixth.
E.MPLO«IE.\T OFFICES.
GEORGE~"aOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese - Chinese employment office: fur-
nlshts best help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A--OIJPHEI'JI Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. tX Powell st. Tel. Main JT.'.J.
GKAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
office. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant ltW. -j
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
l.^on Seuns's. 4H'j O'Farrell :tel. East t^«.
RELIABLE Japanese-" hinese Employment Of*
Be; sU kinds heir. -'IIS Stockton; Main _51Vv
CHINESE ami Japanese hi\w. C3tab. 20 Jttl*
T?l. Main I'.fJl. BRADLEY & CO.. >:»'> ''lay
EMPLOYMENT WA.XTED— FKMALE.
EMPI.'iYlIENT want»d by a middle-aged iady
to do upstairs housework and sewing, or
would take a position as working houa»-
kteper in widower's (amity. Address box
A. Call office. San Jose :
STRONG, willing American woman wants
laundry work; flannels a specialty; $1 35 for
washing and carfares some cleaning. G43A
Jesaie st.. downstairs^
EASTERN trained nurse wishes engagements:
reasonable; convalescent cases half price;
b€st references. Phone Polk 470©.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to da
light housework by the month; references.
3lX)l Twentv-sixth st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day,
washing and Ironing, or house-cleaning; ref-
erences. 3S-t Twentv-flrat st.
COLORED woman wants place aa cook in pri-
vate family or any small place. 915 Jackson.
A COMPETENT woman wants washing or
housecieaning by the day. Call at 732 How-
ard st.. down stairs.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position In prlvata
family; city or country. 2248 Bush »t.
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do general
housework; wages S25. 71 Pierce st.
A MIDDLE-aged woman of refinement desires
position as housekeeper to one or two adults;
good home main object; town or country;
good cook and manager. Address or call be-
tween 10 and 4, Mrs. M. Beck. 70O Post st.
GERMAN girl wishes to do housework in
omall family; no washing. Address MISS
MARIE SCHWARTING. Twenty-first »v«..
near K at., south.
YOUNG lady, experienced, stenographer, wits
knowledge of bookkeeplnr. desires a posi-
tion as office assistant. Box 3407. Call.
A SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to do second
work or general housework In a small fam-
ily. Call at 1355 Stevenson at.
WOMAN good worker, wants work by ths
day; house cleaning and washing; $1 35 a
day. Call or postal S2S Folsom st.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes s situa-
tion at housework and cooking; wages $23.
Please call 1074 Howard st.
A PLEASANT young lady with best refer-
ences desires care of invalid or sick person.
Box 3453. Call office. ¦
YOUNG girl wants situation to take care oi
children. Address box 1164, Call office. Oak-
land. ' -
MOTHER and son wleh positions as cook and
waiter or bandy man. In city or country.
Box 3392. Call.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
$1 per day and car fare. 946 Harrison at.,
room 9.
YOUNG lady will tak« car* of children even-
ings in exchange for room and board. Box
339O. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER, capable of transcribing
shorthand notes accurately, desires position;
salary moderate. Box 3445. Call offlce.
A GOOD Japanese girl wants positron aa school
Rirl in a small family. MISS TAKA. 1323
Pine »t.
A LADY barber wishes position from 12 to 8.
Apply at 537 Ellis st.
A' SWISS girl wants a place to do general
housework. Apply at 127 Third st.
A WORKING housekeeper wishes position in
hotel ; references. Box 3452. Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. ti33 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENT'S, subscriptions received at
Call Brunch office, cor. Duncan A Church atm.
EMPLOYMEST WANTED — MALK. •
COUNTRY work wanted— Young- married, re-
liable N. Y. State. American couple; good.'
steady place; wife light housework, good
seamstresa, private family; man help milk,
small dairy, no teamster; will aid oth?r
work; beet habits and references. Box 310S
Call.
WANTED— Situation by a first-class all
around German; able to drive and take care
of .fine horses>, carriages, greenhouse, propa-
gation, treating Insects and diseases of
plants, and all work connected with house,
garden, lawn and stable; best of references.
Box 3449. Call.
DRYGOODS. notion and hosiery salesman d?-
sires a permanent position with wholesale
jobbing house; 5 years' experience: reference
furnished. F. L. LAWRENCE. 2024 Wool-
acy St.. Berkeley. Cal.
DRUGGIST would like position in wholesale
drug house In laboratory: have been In re-
ta!l business 10 years: graduate and regis-
tered In four States. T. P. LAUFFER. :M24
Woolsey st.. Berkeley. Cal.
POSITION wanted to care for Invalid or as
companion ; can give massage; sanitarium ex-
perience and references. A. V. NORLING.
general delivery, city.
MAN and wife would like a place; woman to
do housework or upstairs work: man good
J all around worker; understands horses. Box
3414. Call.
MECHANICAL engineer, technical S years' ex-
perience, desires .position with machinery
company as salesman: will consider anything
a» start. Box 3453. Call office. .
GERMAN, experienced bartender, also good
all-around man, wishes a position: city or
country: give beat of references. Box 3407.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED woodturner, very handy with
bandsaw and sticker, wishes situation. Box
3413. Call office.
WANTED— Employment by a competent per-
son as hostler in a private stable: references
given. Box 3544. Call office.
STEADY, sober young man wishes position as
bartender: country hotel preferred; refer-
ences. Box 3*ei>. Call office.
WANTED — A position by a Iand3cap« gar-
dener and florist: used to tw» head gardener
of the flower paradise, of Paul de Longpr*.
king of the flowers; best of references. Box
.3366. Call office.
A MAN would like to work on private plac«
to take care of horses, cows, lawn and poul-
try; good driver; wages I".O to $35 and found.
Box 1162. Call office. Oakland.
A GOOD barber, union man. married. wouM
ltke position in country. Inquire at Will
& Flnck's.
SOBER, steady man wants position as watch-
man; can give best references*. Box 3450
Call office.
j POSITION by a trustworthy man to take c*.-e
Iof gentleman's residence during absence ot
Party; good references. Box 3347. CM1.
r=3 L)) r=° [=3 \r =^ L_J) \r =^ r 310
OOO O> >^ 1!' ' •~Q C —Q 00 * O O O (s> N^> <L "J J.' 0 O O
TO WANT ADVERTISERS .
IN.NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL
COLLAPSIBLE CUP
Just the Thing at a Btibbling Spring. A Necessity to Picnickers and School Children.
Makes a Cooling Draught Taste Sweeter. A Convenience to Travelers and Trampers.
¦',.v. '>:':'*'¦¦• r . " ¦ ' , "~\ . rrJ y^'.: . '' ~ . w ¦.' !""Tr.T."' rv ". * .."*.* ~T*T.",, : ._V". -_..;. / -T" * .¦¦ .~. ... '•'' ..[... .~ * TT-T 0 *' '. ,.¦ "**..*. ... "*"** <^ Jm !,' T'""'*' JVP *"*•*'* *" ~C\*'. .
:. : :W. ';¦¦ :¦ ¦:. :¦: : ¦ . .¦' : ¦: '¦': :'. y | ¦:? ' i (' if. ':;?¦ ': v> ' ' :'' '' :."¦'¦ :': '•.:'¦•"•¦•' .': ':';:.. : ..¦ ¦•'¦>«,;.;¦.: ': . '¥v : '.J : ': |>: • " S- : "ft ':¦''<':'¦:-¦.¦:¦ '.'': ¦" '¦¦'¦¦ J : : - :. ' :-i ':::':. ' ' - \ : i " ; ' " ". : V :' ."¦ ;' .. ' y : ¦- :'. : " -¦¦'¦': " ¦ ¦ "¦ : ' .. s.'!" ¦' ¦ -'.. \ ''• ¦ '•: ".: V S ":":" :": W;.£ >¦:¦* V-fiy: '"¦" ' .
' J . COLLAPSIBLE CUP.
* • ¦¦ %
';g/A' ! i —
1 he cup is full size of standard gaug? metal and will not tarnish nor rust.
You will appreciate its full value on your next outing.
Premiums can be obtained FREE by bringing a WANT AD THURSDAY, FRIDAY or
SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
1 BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets:
open until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until. 11. p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p.m. . .
629 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
, 615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m_
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. »
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opan until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. j
3=5 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; opeai until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second t»nd Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
111S Broadway : .Telephone Main 103 J
• BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store '. Park Street
BCSIXBSS CHANCES — Continued.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor all kinds of business chances.
O>Eter and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors. $300 to $1500
Harber shops $•">•» to * 2300
Cigar stands W50 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $50u0
Saloons $ SUO to $10,0.)0
Restaurants ?3W) to $20.t(X>
Kruit and vegetable stores $300 to $10i,0
, Drugstores $-'000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
For sale — First-class legitimate mining
proposition that will bear stjlct investiga-
¦ lion.
BEAUTFULLY located summer resort; nn*
Rroves; 30-room hotel; all furnished anc*
equipped for business; 20 acres land go^s
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables; i.\l
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity, in
this $:50O; death in family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Well-lo*>ated bazaar and furnishing
Koods business; cheap rent; 6*i years' lea*e;
*ne of the best transfer corners In city; do-
ing fine business: other Interests cau»e sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospoct:
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trad*
. for rmg-hse or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR eale or will trade — 6 acres inside city
limits; one of best interior cities in Califor-
nia; house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruii: beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house 1 : price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established » years; rvnt
J30; clears $ao to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy at.
FOR sale — Weil-located grocery and bar; rent
only $25; sales $30 to $40 per day; price
$2000: snap. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$550— HALF interest In the manufacturing of
a:i article that all windows need; big profits.
Address box 1864. Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery business In a prosperous
bay city; splendid trade and increasing con-
stantly; good, clean stock. Box 1781. Call.
$~150— RESTAURANT In fine location; good
trade; ur wli! ulce a partner for $225. Ad-
dress box 19S3, Call office.
WANTED — To buy good saloon not over $1000;
no a^ent. Box 3425, Call.
RESTAURANT, averaging $15 a day: selling
on account of sickness. Box 3424. Call.
ENERGETIC office man with $5(H); can make
money easy. Box 3423. Call.
FOR sale — Morning paper route; over 500. Ap-
ply B.. box .".173. Call.
WANTED— Middle-aged rerson. some cash;
Investigate this. 1934 Market st.
$1200 — A FINK grocery and bar: account of
Eickness. 1229 Ccrtland ave. ; Mission cars.
FOR sale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town; B^r.lcla. Cal.
FINE r.fwtpaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
FOR SALE: — A small brewery plant In this
city. For particulars address box 1974. Call.
DELICATESSEN and small grocery, on main
etreet; low rent; a bargain. Box 3255, Call.
SALOON— Wholesale district; lease. Apply
Anchor Brewery: snap.
BUTCHER shop for sale. Apply 423 San Pablo
ave., Oakland.
$600 — HALF interest In a good business pay-
Ing $1 75 per month. Box 1981. Call office.
BAKERY and lunch room for sale In a live
Nevada town. Address box 1S20. Call office.
FOR SALE — Coal and feed yard In East Oak-
land. Box 1S31. Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at lOuS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
JLUUUl.NCi-liUL : M::» VUU SALK.
A. CAMERON & Co!. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy bt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per ir.unih: to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be said out of the house; other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
90 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture: swell downtown location; everything up-
to-date and flret-cluss; fine opportunity to se-
cure high-grade proposition; must gv. Kxat.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; u»w and
up-to-date house; all men; electric *-.evator.
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $.*oO per
month; one of the best buys in the c.ty.
18 roome; rent only $100; well furnisher:; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms; beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments: grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnl&hed house
in city; call for terms and particulars.
9 rooms; sunny flat; rent $50; oak, mahogany
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease; paying $50U to $600 per month;
close in? full nice people; bargain if taken at
(¦net; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $60; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $$50.
1C2 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
rr.ent-house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing S40O per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry fur.;
fine carpets; closs in; fine money-maker.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Kill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
¦ 7-roora flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
138 rooms; downtown commercial hotel: 8
years' lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best oppdrtunltleB to secure first-
class hotel; owner has other business; part
cash; balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
11 rooms; rent $40; close In: oak. cherry fur-
niture. Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all ex-
penses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany . furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $250 per month; clOBe In; fine buy;
price $6000.
18 rooms; rent $85; north Market: clo*e In;
sood money-maker; reduced from $1600 j to
$1100.
' 128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; | well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 psr month; murt sell on
account of othe/ business; only with us.
20 rooms; rent only $100; all new furniture:
doctor pays $95: clearing over all expenses *10O;
best street Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house. .
24 rooms: rent $14"5; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
sood leaBe.
75 rooms: grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years', lease; close In:
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum: departure.
S3 rooms;' cheap rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished; new modern building: very central;
all full: little gem of a house; leaving city.
• 126 rooms; fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances:
takes in ?30 to $4O per day transient, besides
regular -roomers; will bear Investigation.
' 21 rooms; corner: rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpet*, housekeeping; all full: clearing
$7(» over all expenses: 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600. ;- r y,- . . .
60 room*; n«w,' modern apartment-house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central: first-class proposition.'
17 rooms: Ellis et. : rent $70: oak furniture,
Axmlnnter carpets; fine condition; clears $80;
fine little buy.
8 rooma; fine upper flat: rent only $30: can
be had by: paying $150 down.' balanca time:
$450.
For rent — 4-room suite, furnished, In ' (\>f
arar*n-.ent-hou«e. 4 to 6 months: rental $45 pet
rtonth: references; no small children.
For" rent— 8-room modern furnished flat, for
summer: elegantly fur.: references . required;
rent $60 per month.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy at. 'THE SAN .-FRANCISCO: CALL 1 , THURSDAY, MAY 12. 1904.
13
HELP WANTKn— -FEM ALE — Con.
WANTED — Compet'tit women as alteration
hands on women's coats, suits and skirts;
apply before U a. m. to superintendent. R.
P. DAVIS & CO., Grant ave. and Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced cloak and suit sales-
woman. Apply at HALE BROS.' bet. 0 and
11 a. m.
YOUNG girl. 15-16 years German preferred, to
help In bakery store. 2439 California st.
WANTED— Body ironer. The French Laun-
dry Co.. 3372 Mission et.
YOUNG ladles to train for nurses In sur-
gical and medical hospital. Box 3404, Call.
WANTED — t good finishers, coats; high wages;
come ready to work. 1J29 Stevenson et., r. 5.
GIRL for general housework and cooking.
3(S39 Seventeenth st., j>ear Dolores.
WANTED — Young girl for cooking and light
housework: small family. Apply HIS Fell.
WANTED — Waist and eklrt Improvers. 1414
Bush st.
WANTED— Button hole makers; come ready
to work; $15 week. 223 Stevenson, room 6.
WANTED — Good finisher on pants; steady
work. 104 Kearny St.. top floor.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan St Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. oppoett* Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
' HELP WAKTKIJ SIALZZ.
AT^^?iE^CAir^>m~AGENCY[ — ~—
14 Third st., near Call bldg.; phona Bush 405
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teamsters, 07 50 a month.
15 laborers, ?C0 a month.
10 drillers, rockmen, hammermen, $75.
2 men to cut pine wood. 4 feet. $1 25 a cord.
FOR THE SAWMILLS.
4 lumber pliers and yardmen. $30 a month
and board; Americans preferred.
J4 general sawmill and yardmen and men
for the wood% $30 to $60 a month and board
10 laborer*. $175 to $2 a day.
0 ranch hands, Sonoma County, $26 a month
and board.
2 drillers, free fare. $2 25 a day.
3 laborer?, $2 a day.
Shingle Joiner, north, $45 a month and board.
A treater of California lubricating oils; must
have experience: $100 a month up.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 14 Third fit.
A— CONTRACTORS' EMPLOY^'T~AGe7TcY,
635 Washington St.; phone James 3301.
We «hip to Nevada: Government ditch work;
8 hours; laborers, $2; teamaters, $2 25;
cheap fare.
General blacksmith, ranch. $50 fd.; chp fare.
Ranch teamster, drive 2 horses, $1 25 fd.
2 Swies milkers, country. $35 fd: cheap fare.
Wheelwright, ranch. $40 and found.
Door moulder, factory. $2 50 to $J day; fac'y
Cook for hotel. $40 found; cheap fare.
4 boys, sath and door factory; cheap fare;
$1 25 to $1 50 day.
Lots other jobe.
L. H. CUTTING & CO.
WINDOW dresser and card writer, $25 week:
hcrsefhoer. $4 day: 2 Jobbing blacksmiths.
$2 !>O and *3 day; blacksmith's heli>er, $1 5O
day and board; circular sawyer, $75 to $'JO
and board; carriage setter, $3 day; door
molder. $3 day: 2 wagonmakers, $2 50 and
$3 day; 3 farmers and wives, $47 50, $50 and
f.15 and found; 3 choppers. $1 15 cord: 2
Portuguese milkers. ?40; 3 milkers, $35 and
found; farmers, $30 and $40 and found;
Ironrr for institution. $40 and found; cooks,
waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C2S Sacramento st.
RED "CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
tif>2 Clay st.: phone James 2476.
R. R. WORK— CALIFORNIA.
10 2-hnrs-e teamsters ." $2 day
f> laborers $2 day
Hay hands. Sacramento Valley, 51 50 day
and board
Doer moldtr $3 day
Ditch Work — N>w Work — In California.
.'{ Fcruptr teamster* $1 25 day • - board
Plenty of other work. Call at
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
COS -Clay ftt.. near Mor.i~ompry.
~ AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
P5 Third st. Telephone Main 5521
Nevada, teamsters. $2 2T>; cheap fare; s hours
Nevada! laborers, $2; cheap fare: 8 hours.
Bench hands, cabinet makers", nr. city. $3 50
Woodchoppers. $1 25 and $1 50 cord. pine.
Orchard man. Santa Hara Co.. $35 fcund.
Railroad teamster*. Cal.. $2 25; long job.
fh'.r.gle bolt cutters. Sonoma Co.. (I SO cor. .
Cooperf. 5- 75 per day; steady work.
Teamsters. Cal., railroad. $2 25; steady work
ilORD & SMITH.
RED CROPS EMPLOYMEXT~AGENCY. ~ I
<V2 Clav st. Phone Jame« 2176.
Ditch work California New work.
5 scrap«-r teamster!". $1 25 day and board.
Door moldtr. $3 a day.
Hay bands, Sacramento Valley. $1 50 day
and board.
<:ook. country hotel, $40 month and found.
R. R. work, logging road. $2, 25 per day.
Plpnty of other Job?. Cal! at
RED CROPS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
002 Clay Ft., near Montgomery'.
WANTED — An elderly man to take care of a
couple' of horses and do light work; must be
bobcr. Call at l'»i<: Howard St.. 7 a. m.
MEN and women wanted to Jearn the barber
trade, free of charge. Western College, of
Barbers. €47 Commercial B|.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
ta'rker. eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 47S. Parrott building.
J A CtXTTEB for a cheap. line of men's cloth-
ing: elderly man preferred. Apply Box 3411.
• 'all. .
WANTED— Paying country barber shop; good
climate; price no object. Address box 3412,
«'all office.
PHOTOGRAPHER — Wanttd. operator, one
who can r'-louch preferred. !•-'!(> Market Kt.
BOY to learn printing business: BoOd chance.
EPW. S. KNOWLEP. 24-2G Second «t.
FEEDER for Prouty prefc*. EDW. S.
K.NOWI.ES, 21 Second st.
COMPETENT, reliable watcli repairer wanted.
U. D. HOWARD. Eureka. Cal.
A FIKST-CLAPS. allround machinist. 220
Frtmont St., city.
WANTED — First-class coatmaker to work in-
fe!d». LINDNER BROS. 208 Sutter Bt.
CYLINDKR pressman. R. R. PATTERSON,
425* Montgomery st.
WANTED — General blacksmith. Fourteenth
ave. and N at., South.
WANTED — A handy man about place. Apply
1443 Harrison bt.
FIRST-CLAPS barbe? for Saturday. 505 Four-
teenth St., Oakland. '
ELEVATOR boy. 29 Stockton st.
BEER drawer wanted. 1C53 Market et.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman"
Apply at HALE BROS', between » and 11
a. in.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS',
between tt and 11 a. m.
— __ __
M*n to leam the BARBER TRADE; only
« Ight weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLEn SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
HONEST man for plain accounts and collect-
ing, etc.; permanent; references aad sjme
cash necessary; salary and commission: no
trlflere. 14 McAllister St.. suite 10.
BARBER for the country; wages thirty ($30)
dollars per month, board and room. Addrena
stating age and experience. Nelson Hotel
Co.. Olema, Marin County, Cal.
WANTED— A bey about 16 for office work:
reply in own handwriting. Htating age, expe-
rience, salary expected; give references and
particularly !a« position. Box 3401. Call.
TO tailors, cutters; first-class man of ap-
pearance; Fteady position to right party.
S. N. WOOD CO.. 740 Market st.
"
BARBERS — M Interest In a strictly first-class
rhop, running 3 chairs steady and cne extra,
for sale cheap. 416 Hayes st.
WANTED— Flrst-claes cook for logging crew;
wages $U5 per month and board. Box 3303.
Call. ¦ , ,.;. , .
W^VTED — A man. upholsterer^ preferred, to
take Interest in furniture etore. Inquire 629
East Main st.. Stockton. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO pair; foot-form shots at $2 fiO; we pay
exprers or mall charge*. 11 3d «t.. Exam, bid.
WANTED— Operator cn coats; call ready for
work. 229 Stevenson et, room. 5.-
BARBER shop for sale cheap. 629>4 Kearny
«t.; owner going to Alaska.
BARBER shop for sale; clears $25 per week:
sickness cause of sale. 3147 Twenty-fourth.
WANTED — Strong boy to learn carriage black -
Emlthlng. 828 Harrison st.
OLD established 2-chair barber shop- living
rooms. 1938 Mission st.
I LOST AM> KOUXD — -Continue j.
I LOST — Saturday, May 7. going from Laguna
and McAllister sts. by McAllister and Third
Et. cars to Third and Townsend st. depot, a
purse containing $105' In gold coin. Return
to 747 Laguna st. and receive reward.
LOST— About April 25, a white bull terrier
with two. black spots on each ear; answers
to name of Hector; suitable reward will be
paid for return. Apply subscription window.
Call business office.
LOST— Sunday. May S. on 1Q:3O train to Moun-
tain View, an open-face silver watch with
fob: natr.e. "Delgrer Trowbridge," on inside
case. Return to 1241 Ellis st and receive $5.
LOST — April 24, 3-year-old mare; blue gray;
scar on hip: one ear split; -white spot on
forehead; 750 pounds; $20 reward. LOUiri
CASSEN. Sliver ave.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernta Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of LEILA E. WARREN, No. 244-1SS3.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Silver medal with gold Initials "I. R,"
going from San Francisco to Shell Mound
Park. Return to 1467 Fifteenth st. San
"Francisco: reward.
LOST— A large maltese cat having name on
collar. Return to 3038 Washington st. and
receive reward.
LOST — Ladles' gold watch; name "Ruby" en-
graved; fob, R. E. M. Reward it returned
to 781 Sutter St. -
LOST — Purse containing diamond and ruby
rings and brooch near Webster and O'Farrell
sts. 1623 O'Farrell St.; liberal reward.
LOST— Foot of Broadway, Oakland, chrfteiaine
purse containing check $21 and $47 cash. Re-
, turn to 2208 Enclnal ave., Alameda; reward.
WHITE fox terrier, brown ears, email scar
under neck; lost In forest east of Affiliated
Colleges. Reward $25 at COO Leavenworth st.
I.APNCHES FOB HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business: tel. Bush &34.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co., Unlon-st. wharf ;boat-
ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ; tel. John 2C88.
"~ medical! ;
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
am painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience in all
female'disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8. <
MRS. DR. WYETH, ipeclallst for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
Uef guaranteed.' 1008^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPKAU'S female pill3; best regulating pills
spld; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DrTo.'W. O'DONNELL— All who are Hick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
cpectallst; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at 511 A
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TO5H & WOLPMAN, 105-U/7 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? —
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or chinxles; best for new roofs.
ELATEHITE ROOFINO CO.. 713 Market st. .
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought. sold,
rented acj exchanged; fee Sunday papers.
H, S WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roof* with Asb<stos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stoo all leaks In the one and preserve th»
n«w. COT. Front St.: tel. Main 1428.
A— FINE suit*. $7 b0; dress pants. $2 50. Orlg-"
Inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 233 Kearny at..
near Bush; open to 0 p. tn.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, chatting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Lpear at.
ONE typewriter, standard make.: must sell at
once; leaving town. Box 11C5. Call office,
Oakland.
GENT'S full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTEXSTKIN BROS..
25 Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry for gale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton *t.
J. COOPER, gent's full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hutel to 21 Stockton
Bt.. upstalm.
ALTEIIATION pale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 CO.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to Up. in.: Sundays to noon.
TRY our mfirV shoes tit $1 and $150 pair;
foot-form sboea at $2 50; m pay express
charges. .11 3d «t.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
BTAQK dresses vaudeville, amutl sizes ;< home
till 3. 1)17 Market st.
YOUNG and talking parrots for sale cheap.
GEORGE NICHOLAS. Fruitvale. P. O.-
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baclgalupl.
moved to 78U Mlsxion st.
GOOD brlckiraking machine with 29 molds.
ChrUtman Bros.. 11th & St,. Jpmes. San Jose.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55; 00- Inch desk. $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 181C Market st.
GRAND Imported tumbler pigeons (rollers),
cheap while they last. Wilson. 229 Stevenson.
IMPROVED Wood printing pre5ses, gasolin*
engines. Boyer Machine Workn. 40 Spear st.
ROUND camoinc tents for cale; cheap: some
new; 16x16. 31D Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hend typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mrkt. Tel. Bush w58
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Boolfrtore. til McAllister at.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN^. H(Xi Hayward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. 1. FREEMAN. .1329 Market tt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck &.Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
' MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING plcturer, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post St.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ¦¦
GA5OLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sites. J. n. POAK. 4C. Fremont ft.
U AVrs! ~
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealsR^js. dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. L1CHTENSTE1N BROS., 25
Stockton st. * ' ?
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
highest . price for buildings and will remove
the largest building In 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
gents' castoff clothing: postal. 943 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing, and
theatrical goods. 154 Dth st.; tel. Jeasle 2S51.
DESKS bought. 6Old and exchanged. , T. D.
McCarthy Co., 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
WANTED— A Century Dictionary; state price.
Box 3412. Call office. . '¦ ¦ .
SHOES wanted: misfit & castoff; highest prcs.:
new-fc'M-hwnrt i>hfte» for «ale, 74» M'««1"n.
MONEY TO LOAM.
SAV1NGsPbANK.~~
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY V OAKLAND.
TOWN and COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates in probate," undi-
vided Interests Jn .real estate, property in
trust; loans closed ' promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
-CROCKER BUILDING.
POST AND MARKET STS.
SALARY LOANS— v"^ ~
j ' Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment?
'. call and get terms. ; Drake, -453 Parrott, bldg.
MOXE1 TO LOAK — Continued.
AAA~dKKMAN MUtlxftfi.
' tS01-6U2-ti03 Examiner Bnildln*
Quick settlements: no dUnppointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided lnter-
' ests; assignments of rents; property In trust.
<tc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in ¦ property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
- Chattels. In city, town
or country. '
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or. chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 403. Call Office.
A. A . DO YOU NEED MONEY? T 7 ~~
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval- lewest rates and easiest plan In city;
don't hesitate to call; Information cheerfully
given: nc publicity: reliable and-«quare deal-
lnr. PEOPLE'S TRUST CO..
S25 MARKET ST.. ROOM 462. PARHOTT Bldg
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 6S Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain,
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market: tel. Main ;C44. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY leaned. on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fiieproof vault is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 28 Stockton :phone Bush 404
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcardlng-houses. without
security; easy payment*, large business In
4fl principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
at. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 1103ft Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policier, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton sL
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. lOOtf fOKal
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
m Per cent on furniture and piaros; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 61C Hearst b.dg.. Ex. ent.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. P. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. COO Examiner building.
mps1cal ix8trcments.
a^f^w^GaIigaInTTjTTprights!
One Era rd; nice condition $50
One EnBll t( i Le Blond: good order.. $.5
One Sterling; cost $325; new $1U5
One Lelr.s, walnut case; fine order $175
Om. Chlckering; mahogany case $250
One Knabe, used one year, latest style; one
Steiuway. used 2 years, latest style; one
Vose mahogany case, used S months; also 1
new piano, mahogany case, three strings, lat-
est style, upright grand, $147 50.
$10 Squares $10.
Emerson, Kurtzman. Cummings. Hallet & Da-
vis. Steinway. Kranich Sc. Bach. Hainee and 40
others from $10 up; easy ypayments — guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16. O'Farrell.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to Select
frcm; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5C0-O4 Hayes St.
¦ RENTING is our specialty; $2 up; apply cn
purchase; - installments' $4 up. HEINB
PIANO CO . 235-237 Geary st.; Oakland. 1252
Broadway. . t
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs. $25. BYRON
MAUZY. Poet st.
TREMENDOUS slaughter storage pianos and
fur.; dirt cheap. Whltehead's.lti3C Market et.
IF you want* bargains come now; pianos almost
given away. HORNUNQ. 210 McAllister st.
$165— STEINWAY .upright; private party; no
reasonable rash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shoninger. littie used. KeefTe's. 2S5 O'Farreil.
SOHMEH, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The WeeXly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
OFFICES AM) STORKS TO LfcT.
FOLSOM. t»:»5 — Large, airy store; well lighted;
alHr. :t large rtjoms; yard: will lease.
FINE hall for ledges, meetings, etc. ;I to 4 times
u week: cheap. Room C. Odd Fellows' bldg.
PEKSOXALS.
A fresh, nmooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the, name, M ELLA HARRIS.
The number. 781 O'Farrell st.. near Larkin.
Call or write for book. free.
¦ "Hints on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, ¦top* falling, cures dandruff
und itching sculp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blocd (affecting
rktn, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily, cured by
tklDed specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy., 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest !
. rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth..
AT less than cost; uncalled fcr su.'ts. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
A GUARANTEE TO. GROW HAIR '
On the worn bald head. Call or writ*. DR.
O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell gt.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugi dis-
eases positively cured by Wlllowt Bark Co.,
SI 2 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.A.V.Dr.Travers,1170 Market
"VITAL- 1 Ring".' cures weak men- $2 50, po.«t
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary. S.F.
i SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
Actina restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh., A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist.' 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes play books. Trigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dross pants $2 90.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptlon Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at all druggists'.
PALMISTRY. ~ ~~ ~~
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 613
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAIWTUTQ._ PAPEBgAWQIBTO. ETO.
Painters, paper-hangers, slgnwrlte;^ • -in t work;
prices mod. 1272 Folsom; phone Mint" 131.
•» PATEHTS. \
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEON*. ¦-.
DR '• C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence^
1021 H Market St.. bet. Oth and 7th; particu-
. lir attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all : diseases of the human body; (or
i past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
• cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth. „ •
DR. TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. - LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG .WOO. «he famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 748-8 Clay »t.
Box 1821,
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALC.
• s ~~-"""-~'-~*- Speck & co., ~*~
208 Montgomery st. '
2ou Mcnt.omery.st.
. . 2OO Montgomery st.
' REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selllns. ' Leasing.
Rents collected. Insurance.
$100,000— Rents $9600; cash security en lease;
investing $50.0U0 cash and assuming bank
mortgage of $50,000 will pay 12 per cent net;
lot 55x137:8. . ¦:».%
$50.000 — NW. 'corner; l:*7:6xl37:8; Golden
Gate ave.. east of Scott St.: good Improve-
ments; mortgage $30,OUO. at 5^ per cent can
remain; reasonable offer entertained.
$45,000— Vicinity Bush and Kearny; stores
and three floors above; brick building; lot
fronts 35 feet; rents $285.
$35,000— Howard St.. near Third; 50x160
feet; 8000 square feet; key lot and 2 frontages;
this lot on 3d st. would be worth $100,000.
I ....
$25,000— Corner; new building; rents $22«:
lot 36:6x100 feet.
$21,000— Larkin-st. business corner: lot S5
feet frontage; rents $lisOO annually.
$20,000— Polk -st. business property: 2 stores
and lodging-house; lot 30x95 feet: rents $145;
1 $10,000 bank mortgage can remain.
$18,500— Post St.; lot 62:0x124 feet; 2 front-
ages; very good Improvements; rents $140.
fl3.000^-Rent $130: good fiats: vicinity Van
I Ness and Grove; lot 27:6x120 feet; th!3 bargain
Is hard to beat. *
$12,000— ITnion-st. flats; new; lot 28x100
feet; rents $112 50.
$11.000 — Corner 7th at.; 55 feet frontage;
fine building site. *
110.500 — Pine St.. bet. Mason and Taylor;
lot 20x137:6 feet; three-story improvements.
$8500 — 2 stores and 4 flats: corner north ot
Market St.; 43:6 feet frontage; yearly rents
$96<5; paying 11^4 per cent.
$5000 — Mission business corner; 3 stores;
rents $4SO yearly; lot 43x80 feet.
RESIDENCES.
$80,000— Magnificent residence. 15 rooms and
baths; Interior mahogany wood; most costly
finish throughout; .lot 125x137:6 feet; pano-
ramic view of city and bay.
$15,000 — Callfornia-st. residence: 12 roomc
and bath; lot 33x137:6 feet: choice block.
*1^O(> — I- room cottage; lot . 27:6xlCO feet;
Mission warm belt.
CHOICE LOTS.
$15,000— NW. corner; 50:6x137:8 feet; unsur-
passed marine view; must be sold this week.
$8250 — Broadway: north side and best resi-
dence block; unobstructed view; lot 27x137 :C
feet. '
SPECK * CO..
209 Montgomery St.; opposite Mills building.
EASTON. : ELDRIDQE * CO.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
TO
RENO.
NEVADA.
ALONG THE BANKS OF THE TRUCKF.E
RIVER
AND
SIERRA NEVADA MOUNTAINS.
WE WILL SELL TOWN LOTS AT
SPARKS CEASTItENO)
$9 55 $9 55
ROUND TRIP TICKETS.
' FIRST-CLASS PULLMAN TRAIN
Will leave Market-st. ferry -Friday.
May 20. at 8 o'clock p. m.. arriving
In Reno at 8 o'clock Saturday morning.
AUCTION SALE TO TAKE PLACE
same day on the property to be sold,
where an elaborate collation will be
served, returning by daylight Sunday.
Tickets will be good to and including .
Monday, May 23.
Double berths $1 each way.
Special reduced round trip tickets from
Intermediate points. For further par-
ticulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
$1.23 PER 'WEEK, no Interest. Lots la the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level: no
grading to do; ready to build your little horns
on; close to electric cars and school. -
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. room 5.
COTTAGE of 5 r. and b. on 26th St.. near
Sanchez: modern ImDrovements; $25OO; cn
get loan of $1800 if wanted.
$250 down for new cottage on San Jose
ave. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
5.1000— MODERN cottage, ft rooms and bath,
bet. ICth and 17th sts.; Mission warm belt;
fine location; easy terms. Apply 3316 Mis-
sion st.
BUILD your unimproved realty: we loan, full
cost improv. and part lot at 6%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class hy ALH-
BACH A MAYER. Plumbers. «36 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE Conntrr For Satei
GREAT bargain — Rich. Irrigated farms; bin
-canal; free water right: xtry cheap: easy
terms; homeseeker** opportunity. C. If.
WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st,
5-ROOM cottase at Larkspur; almont new;,
modern; Mm for summer residence: *i mile
from Ftaticn: $1100: $100 cash, balance $12
per month.
W.. N. RUSSELL.
301 California et.. San Francisco. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
Jogues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $t per year.
POINT RICHMOND RKAL ESTATE.
LAST chance — $5 monthly; lots any tract: first
price, first choice: near sites bought for fac-
tories, etc. A. W. -BELL. 211 Montgy.. S. F.
4 CHOICE lota, cheap. 328 Bush St.. 3d floor,
room 4. ¦
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
ailLL^VALLEY REAL KSTATM.
TAKE a delightful trip to-day— Go to Mill
Valley: see the lots right at the station we
are selling so fast.
* Prices $400 to $800 each.
Terms 10 per cent cash; balance $10 monthly.
All the lots are large; none less than 50x120;
grand home sites amid pleasant surroundings;
(beautiful views of mountains and bay; the cli-
mate unequaled; splendid opportunity for an
investment; land values bound to increase, as
Mill Valley 19 rapidly coming to the front;
the new eiectrlc road has shortened t^« time
to 40 minutes from the city; Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; fine supply of
pure "mountain water, good sewerage and
drainage, electric lights, stores, churches and
schools, and, In fact, all conveniences; lots
beautifully wooded; send for our new Illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley. Agents
on ground Sunday. LYON & HOAG,
<'-' -'-'+ ¦ i 116 Montgomery st.
BONDS POB SALE.
BONDS for sale — Notice is hereby given that
sealed bids will be received until 2 o'clock
p. m.. Saturday, May 28, l»04, by the Board.
of Control of the Territory of Arizona, at tha
office of said board In the City of Phoenix,
Arizona, for the sale of Ten Bonds of tha
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each
.bearing date January 1.* 1004, due and pay-
able January 1. 1954. bearing interest at the
rate of five per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five years, issued by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona. In accordance with the
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-sec-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act has been approved by . the
Congress of the United States. Interest on
said bonds will be paid- semi-annually on
the first day of January and Jury of eacn
/ear and both principal and Interest payable
In gold coin of the United States at th* of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible bank for i
per cent of th* amount of the bid. payable
¦ to the order of E. E. Klrkland. Territorial
; Treasurer, and a copy of this advertisement
must accompany each bid. „ Failure of bidder
* to make payment In full upon allotment and
- tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid' and forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and : addressed to the Board
ef Control. PhoenU. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
-Bond*." ;.'.-,
BEBKELEY ADVEBTS'M'NT9
BERKRLGT URAL EVTATTB.
AN OPPORTUNITY.
Nearly new cottage- of 5 large rooms. v!«.?
Reception and dining room, polished floors.
marble fireplace. 2 bedrooms, bath, kitchen,
pantry, etc.; gas throughout: high basement
with stationary tubs and photographic dark-
room: lot 40x122:6; street work and cement
sidewalks: on Oruve st.. 1 minute from Ashby
station; $2500; easy terms. Sole agent.
II. I>. 1RW1N. Lorin Station. Berkeley; open
Sundays. "
FRUITVALE ADV'KT'S'M'NT9
FnriTVALE HBAL ESTATE.
W. E. RUDELL.
Corner Fruitval,, «fve. and Washington St.
DON'T THIS LOOK GOOD TO YOU?
$17<";0 — A house and lot that cannot tx» du-
plicated In Fruitvale for less than $2500; «
nice rooms, bath, pantry, stationary wash-
tub?, toilet and porch: near schoolhouse ami
station; terms, $250 cash, balance same as
$2,V»— Here Is another bargain; 2-storT
house. 8 room*, bath, high haaement. sta-
tionary wash trays, hot and eold water, coori
well. *tabt*. chlck»n houses and yards, fruit
trees and vegetables; corner lot. 133x145.
come and b« convinced that this is a special
I bargain.
For rent — House, 7 rooms (Upper Fruit-
vale); rent $ltf per month.
W. K. RUDELL. Fruitvale ava.
OAKLAND AD VEETISEiLENTS
OFFICE, 1113 BK0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BELDEN'S BARCAn\3.
$1050 — An elegant elevated *ite for a home;
se» that choice lot. 40x115. in o«autlful Coll«g-»
Heights. 34th and Webster sts.
$4400 — Pretty S-room borne in Linda Vista:
all new and lot 371119.
$3C5 and $-"?2 CO monthly — Handsome new 7-
room house, now beins completed, on lot 33:4x
10O; on Sycamore st.. near Telegraph ave.: In
the beautiful Merrell property; to be finished
. in curly redwood, whttewood and birdseye ma-
pl». with tiled bathroom: electric service and
everything up to date and price low enough to
surprise you.
$3250— Nice 7-room cottage and lot. 41x123.
on Filbert St.. near 12th. .
$3100—11 per cent income Investment and
good speculation: fine flats with 50-foot lot:
splendidly located: near San Pablo ave.; la
rapidly advancing district: rent $27 and can bt»
Increased: might consider good lot in part oay-
raent.
$1500 — Executor's sale; good 8-room cottage
and lot. 23x115. on Chestnut St., near 10th-
worth $20C<i easy.
I $25C0 each — Only 2 more left of those Jones
•state cottages on Jonea st.. bet. Telegraph
ave. and Grove st. : right In heart of city; 8
rooms and bath; lots 30x100. and the best bar-
gains ever offered. BELDEN, real estate. 1112
Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS. "
$5 cash. $2 50 monthly; fine level lots; soil
and location superb; price $75.
$10 cash. $5 monthly.: level lots in new set-
tlement: soil and location the best; 50x145;
price $150.
$25 cash. $7 50 monthly; extra fine lots. lOCi
132:6; 75 homes Just gone up; has a great
future; see them; price $U0O; will build yni
a home.
Near two electric lines, school, church. wid»
boulevard and adjoining East Oakland; section
building up with good, substantial people.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh st..
Oakland opposite Broadway station; carriage
free. II. Z. JONES, owner.
$3C0 CASH buys; balance payable after 5
years; a wll-bullt new house, 6 large rooms,
bath. ecc. verythlne complete and up f>
date; lot ilOO: excellent location; high
and near church, school, stores, hank, street
cars. Key Route and Santa Fe stations;
now open for inspection. S«7 37th St.. Oak-
land: take Key Route from San Francisco.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALIC
TO-MORROW th* day for bargains In furni-
ture H. Scballbaas.llth rt.. cor. store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisnrts.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL sunny; best in city; 3 or 4 ran.; furnished.
or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS. 1560 Sacramento St.. near Larkin.
FELL, 222 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms.
FOURTH. 146 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms.
GOUGH, 211 — Three sunny corner unfurnished
rooms ; gas. bath, phone, etc. ; adults.
GUERRERO, 54S — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms,
partly furnished.
: HOWARD, 1550^ — Large sunny front *lcov«
room, suitable for housekeeping.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny; furnished 3-roem suites; steam hea. -
ed, electric lighted: fre« baths: rate $30 up.
LARKIN. 817 Va— Nicely furnished sunny frot.t
room; folding bed'; gas- stove; reasonable.
TO let — 2 housekeeping rooms, nicely furnished;
parties going away: will rent very cheap tt>
right party, livto Howard st.. first floor.
TURK. 1025ti — Floor of three sunny room*,
complete for housekeeping and home-making;
every convenience; adults: call 10 to 3.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Dunc&n and Church sts.
A BRANCH ofJlce of Tile Calt for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St. oddosIU Fifth.
Op»r. until 11 p.~ m.
APAKTMEST gQTTSXa.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
10M SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKTM ST.
Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms anj
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST.CEC1LE. 115 Fell. above Van Ness ave.— Th*
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments. with private baths.
steam heat, electric Urfht. elevator, gas ranges:
$30. $35. $37. $10. $45. $47 SO. iZQ. $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson sL — MocTern 3-4-S
rooms; furn. or unfurn. ; refs. Tel. East 1350.
KOOMS TO LET — Farn. and lifirit.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st. — Room*
25c to $t per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
lisht housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 2jc. Stic. $1, $1 SO nlgat:
$1 50 to $10 K-oi-k; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 13«4>— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 22S4 — 2 connecting unfurnished house-
kpg. rooms; sunny: gas. running water; $1*>.
CLIFFORD. 2ft* Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEGANT and reasonable transient room.
Address G.. box 3260. Call.
FOLSOM, 647 — 4 rooms and bath, complete;
piano.
GEARY. 40S — 3 sunny, clean, nicely furnished
rooms. .---
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 23a
to $1 25 night: $1 SO to $8 wk. ; reading-room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
ni."hi d suites and single rooms.
HOWARD. 9-'55 — 2 clean, sunny rooms, bath.
$12; others $1 5O and $2 per week.
POST. 389. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room: bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gent*.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent light*,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 33o to $1 90; week, ti
t</$3; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: batha.
TAYLOR. «24, cor. Sutler — 2 housekeepins
rooms, $18; 2 single rooms. $10 each; all
sunny.
THE ST. KATHRYN, NE. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms in the city: new
hotel; just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses in every room: also hot and cold
water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern convenl-
ence; rooms from $3 per week up. ••
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms 35c to -$1 night. $1 73 to $8 wesic; elec-
tric lights (no gas>. running water In «v»ry
'room; tlevator.read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS a vs.. 51»— Elegant front parlors
aad adjoining suite' for of nee or dub.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
35c to $1 BO night: $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggac*.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth St.— Rooms from I3o
to $1 per nleht and from 90c to $3 per week.
Continued on Page Fourteen,
HELP WAXTKD — MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and 036 Clay* st.
Phone Main .VMS.
We Speak
Oerman — Greek — Italian.
Spanish — Swiss — French.
Your fare free. Look— free fare
to State of Nevada
If you stay four months; that's all.
U. S. Government Work.
265 two-horse teamsters. $eo.
1«>> laborers, you'll suit, $60.
95 drillers, rockmen. hammefsmrn. $75.
Eight hours' work dally; hundreds going.
C carpenters, city Jobs, $4 day.
4 carjienters, fare $1 40 $3 50 day.
3 paper hangers, fare $1 <H> $4 day.
2 painters, fare $1 50. $3 50' day.
4 plumbers. far« $1 80. $5 day
2 tinsmiths, fare $1 30, $4 day.*
Wheelwright, operate wheel machine fare $1,
$3 day.
Boiler-maxer. fare 60c. $3, $3 50 day.
Blacksmith, stage company, Mendocino Coun-
ty. $50 and found.
Wheelwright. 50c fare. $50 and found. '
10 coopers, slack work; steady.
2 cornlcemen. exceptionally good Jobs, $3 50
day.
4 plasterers." fare $1 50, $5 day.
Carriage painter, sticker hand, country, $4
day.
. Molder and sticker hand
Gang edgerman. fare $1. $55 to $70 and fd.
Double-cut band sawyer, ?5 day.'
Screw turner. Santa Clara County. $75.
5 shingle packers, different places.
Double-tree shapcr and spindle shaper. $3. »
4 spool tenders, lumber company, $50 fd. up.
Cut-off sawyer; 4 fihinglrrs. $1 per 1000.
Edgerman. fare $1 CO. $45 and found.
LOOK.
12 horseshoers, city country. $* $3 50, $3,
$2 50.
14 blacksmiths and helpers, $4. $3. $2 day. -
4 laborers to Irrigate orchard, fare $1; $20 fd.
STABLEMEN.
2G stablemen, city, country. $75. $C0. $."0 fd.
4 harness cleaners, extra good Job. $75.
4 hostlers and floor men, extra good job, $75.
HAYMAKERS.
25 haymakers, mower», $1 25 day and found.
26 vineyard and orchard hands. $20. $30 fd.
.'-Mi milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30
and $50 and found.
lTchoremen and boys. $15 to $30 and found.
10 boj'E. box factories. $50.
5 boys in machine shops, etc., $4 week up. !
1 MINES.
12 machine miners, $i»0.
10 single and double hand miners, $S2 50.
186 woodchoppers, all over California. •
MEN AND WIVES.
Milker and wife. *10 and found.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
2(J cooks. $::o. $40. $50, $60, $70 and found.
16 waiters, $25. $.".0, $40 and found. - • -
15 dishwashers. $20, $25, $.J0. $35 found.
12 porters, bell and elevator boys, $30-$15 fd.
LAUNDRY. ¦
26 laundrymen, different departments, $15
and $22 week.
BAKERS.
2 first, 4 second on bread, 1 second on cakes.
Beet Places at MURRAY & READY,
Biggest wages at C34-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS, ' ' ~~
TELEPHONE AND LETTER ORDERS.
Milker and wife easy good Job, south, $40 fd.
AT ONCE.
Blacksmith, ranch, $40 and found.
Circular sawyer, boss here, $75 to $90 found.
Setter, screw head blocks, boss here. $3 day.
Door molder, 55c fare, $2 to $3 a day.
Lather and whingler. &0c fare, $4 a day.
Driver and solicit bottle beer, city, $25 fd.
L'ellboy. city hotel, $15 and found.
Blacksmith, sharpen drills, $1 75 day found.
Farmer and wife, exceptionally good job
and WBjrc-s.
8 Italians for irrigating orchard, fare $1,
$20 and found.
BOSS HERE— LUMBER CO.
Edgerman, $3; Bcrew turner. $3.
Dogger, *3; hook tenders, $3.
I'lanerman, fare f2 50, $60 found.
Screw turner, fare $2 5<>, $50 found.
Cattle herder, fare $1 25, $30 found.
Stableman, private residence, 60c fare. $30
found.
Cheesemaker. 20 cows, $40 found.
Fireman for a dredger. §40 found.
Fireman and wife, wife cook 0 men, dredg-
er, $75 found.
12 teamsters, city and country*. $2 and $2 25
day.
— LOOK—
2 ironers, country' laundry. $35 found.
Washer, understands oil burning laundry,
$2 50 day.
Butcher shop, fare fl, $35 found.
Butcher, shop, etc., 50c fare, ?50.
Cook, lunch counter, $40 found.
Polisher, north, laundry. ?15 week.
Assistant baker, city, little experience, $25
found.
Pantryman, country hotel, fare $1 50, $25 fd.
l-OOK.
2 machinists, . factory, fare $1 80, $3 day.'
B carpenters, factory, fare $1 5O. $.'{ 50 day.
'& carpenters, factory, fare $1, $3 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and G3C Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Ro'kln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third et.: 250. rooms; 2."Jo to 50c per night.
CARRIAGE painters; steady Job to good men.
LARKINS & CO.. C51 Howard st.
FOR sale, cheap — 2-chalr barber shop; going
north reason. 921 Harrison st.
3-CHAIR barber shop; flrst-class business; a
good chalce. 1S94 Folsom St., cor. 15th.
TWO - CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap.
WILL & FINCK. 21 OFarrell st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 'Steuart st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 323 Montgy.. r. 415.
YOUNG man to leern barber tradt; wagei
uhile learnlne. 741A Howard st.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bids.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet. O. A. R.
SAILORS and young men (creen hands) for
ships. HALLBKRT. 517 Jackson Bt.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third «.. ntar.Mar-
¦ ket — 700 rooms: 35c nleht: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and ba^gag* to and frcm ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 MarUet su. opirjslte Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
A I ) V E RTISICMENTH, subscriptions received ac
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price, fj'i'l Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. r.C.'t Minion at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WANTED— SOLICITORS.
PORTRAIT solicitors; Installment plan; excel.
proposition to get orders. 525 Valencia st.
HOUSES A.VU WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND Toomey pneumatic cart.' rub-
ber-tire phaeton, platform gear fulltop su ¦-
rey, open hack, rubber-tire coupe, tandem
cart pneumatic and solid-tire ball-bearing
buggUs, cheap at O'BRIEN'S. Polk et. and
Golden Gate ave.
A WELL-MATCHED bay team, 0 and 7 years
old, 15-'t hands; fine drivers; aaddle broken;
price $500; a bay single-footer S years;
1000 Geary st.
One 3-ton platform wagon, one 12-foot platform
furniture wagon and three spring wagons of
all kinds. 1501-15C3 Folsom at.
: FOR sale — First-class suddle horse; 16 hands;
brown: 7 years old. Linwood Hotel, San ilu-
tt-o. Cal.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
rcund: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson.' S. F.
£AN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
f »nicn begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 610 Golden Gate ave.
GOOD horse. $15: pair mules. $35; bay team
for any work. $75. 2728 Bryant.
WANTED— A good delivery horse. Box 1821,
Call office.
FOR sale— A horse; gentle. Box 3239, Call
office.
CAMPING wagon: great for theatrical travel-
ere. 127 Turk et.; owner at 640 Howard st.
HORSES of all grades bought, sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. 65 Hermann st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons har.
r.ess. work and driving horses. 15th-Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET. ~ ™
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN Sc CO.. 20 Montgomery
PERRY. 204. near Fourth — ?7; house of 3
rooms; water free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN-
6 CO.. 20 Montgomery >t.
HU..SES TO LK'i — F1;h.\ 3 SHED.
COMPLETELY furnished' house; 7 large *unny
rooms: bath, large yard, basement. 104 Pierc-
st., nr. HalKht; references required Inquire
9-12 a. m., 5-7 p. m.. or 207 Examiner bldg.
LOST A.VU FOUND. : '.
LOST— Pocket bock bet. 3 and 4 p. m., from
Cliff House Llf» Saving Station to Cliff
House; return keys and - keep money. 4075
Seventeenth st., near Castro.
LOST — Purse containing money on Market St.,
between Joe Rouen berg's and the Lick House.
Return to Lick House and receive reward.
LOST small white dog with black spots on
side and on tall. Return to 640 Green et.;
Kcward.' u
'kmi'i.<i\ mi;\t waxtkd — male.
HANDY all-round n-.an. Oerman. wishes a
pepitien a* Janitor; Ftrictly sober and re-
liable; exrx»ri*n<-e<i. B"* 3381; CalL
YOUNG nu»r> with experience in growing veg-
etables carpenter work, otr., wants situation
on private nlace. Box o441. Call.
VOING n-.an of 23 would like to leam the
• • carpenter*' trade. Box 34<)2. Call office^
WANTE1> — Good position us Janitor, porter
or wstttr. L1NSON (colored), 1013 Clay.
• A FirU5T-c!ass barber wants short Iiour work;
r*c*<ir. Addret-s BARBER, box 34CO. Call.
rTOUN'O man of education desire* work even-
ing*; hifhet-t reference*. Box 3451, Call.
yul'XO man. experienced accountant, desires
. position: references. liox Xit9. Call.
. HItlCKLAVER. y.iung man. German, non-
union, (rants work. I»ox .'J-'HS, Call.
'BAKER'S helper wantF position. Box 33SG.
Call office.
A RELIABLE Japanese boy wants position as
• office boy in any kind of store; speaks Eng-
• lish well. Address PA WAI 807 Polk tt.-
apbone ;>02.
FLAT* jro_LKT.
AAA— HOUSE KENTINO DEPARTMENT.
. Ail desirable vacant noun-i and Cats are Mat-
ed in cur free reniinr department; over 1000
in number; a combined lint from all agencies;
¦• Jet uk give you a list and help you to find a
p!kce; we never fail; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
103a MARKET ST.,
i OPPOSITE McALLIBTER.
•"A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; ta k e advantage of
this department; it will cave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 G«ary
¦ . et., on the square.
¦ NKW: run in every room; modem 5 roome;
yard. 1006 Capp St., near Twenty-fifth;
•* • rent reasonable.
t!jn.w flats. 5-« r.. basement, yard: rent rea«-
orable. 1454. 145*; Eighth ave.. Sunset;
>outh Golden Gett Park.
Bl'NNY flat of 3 rooms, yard and cellar In
rear of 911 Filbert St.; $D. Inquire baker
• «hop. 811 Filbert st.
._ Fi'LTON. 91«. near Fillmore — FVont and rear
*ats; new; 3 and 4 rooms; bathe.
GHOVE. *>. few stops from C!ty Hall— Flat of
*." 5 rooms and bat*i; rent $23.
L*YON. 734. near McAllister— Nice modern flat.
<; rounif and bath; rent $30.
LAKE, 74A-742— New flats, 6 rooms each;
' . rent $25-$30.
' MASONIC ave.. 7H17. near Park— Elegant,
-sunny, up-to-date upper flat.
..A frcXV modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; rea-
sonable to responsible party. S2S Harrison et.
ELLIS. S2S — Parlor floor, kitchen, etc.; separ-
ate entrance :all conveniences for dressm'k'rs.
IS0XMER3C upper fiat, attic. 9 rooms; sun every
• " room; $C5. 27S Ninth ave., Richmond Dist.
'.Nl'^D modern corner flat: 7 rcomi and bath.
Tl> D< visadero si., corner Fultx>n.
- P^LK. 2SMA — New. sunny flat of 3 rooms and
- bath; rest $15.
$l«s — BCKVT flat. 3 rorms, bath, basement.
" 130 Eureka st.. near Eighteenth.
¦*.S35— CPPEB flat of H rooms: modern. 1303 4
• Waller st.. near Masonic ave.
«* , ,
. A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
14 rajj" in wrapper, for -inillnr. $1 per year
FLATS TO LIST — FCR.MSHED.
GP.OVE, 145S — Upper *unny n«»wly furnished
flat of 6 rooms, pian". etc.; near Park;
adults or.'.y; $4.'.; from 10 to 3.
BELVEDERE, 341. ofl" Haight— Flat of 5
rooms; newly furnifh*-d; bath: garden; ch«?ap.
• FLAT of 7 rooms; <~oal and gas stoves; placo
• Ti3 G.-ov» st.; call 11 to 3.
n\'E har.dscme sunny roomf; $.'(0; splendid
view. 423U Twentieth St.. near Castro.
BELVEDERE. 141. off ILaight— Flat of 5
ro^m?: nt-wly furnished: bath; garden; cheap.
FLAT rrf 7 room*; coai and pas stoves; piano.
713 Grove at.; call 11 to 3.
• ILAT* FOK SALE) FLUMSHliU.
.t25C^FrRNnPH^D~h^^^7T~ro^mT"ba7h'.
gas; rooms all rented- rent paid to June 1:
rent ?3S. 315 Je«;ie *gt.
-_FOR sale — 2 cczlly furnished flat*. Apply 213
Thirteenth srt.
Fl'RNITUKE and piano. 6 rooms: cheap; run-
ny flat nr. Park; rent $.'15. IJox 3405. Call.
rjr.EGANT furnished flat for sale; open ?or in-
spection from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. 1427 Oai.
t'AN NESS ave.. 607 — For sale cheap fur-
niture of a 7-roorrj flat.
F-CIt.-VITL UK FOR BALE.
. FCRXrrriiE for rale; »75 worth for $7 50
down and $1 50 per wtek. BRILLIANT'*
• 340 Pott Et. near PowelL
KlttMTlKE WASTED.
ABE LKVV.
• *-alcsroom. 1135 Market et. Tel. Jessie 7<J1.
lWr.t sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
• tillure. ftc. until you get hi* eKtimale.
• CHA>'. LEVY &. CO. pay hlgh^t pricTVor fur-
Tilture.caipets, etc. 7S2 Motion; tel. Hu?h 4<;7
A. L. PTORRS pays highest cas-h prices furnl- :
u.'i-». tan^ts. etc.: tH. I^trkln :'.CSI. Ci4 Kills-.
HELP WAXTGO KE>ULa
. \\" ANTED— German <r Fram h co^jTToT^liort
sUwtawne uut of city, no washing, $.i5 i^e j
Udv this morning eariy; tl-.-rman cr S.andi- ,
•• navian girls for huu^work. Mavhi County, 1
$¦:«. :t in :.<:. . ; \ ¦ rim-class cook, no washing. |
*.'{."•: rim-cuts cook, city, plain washing. %:'.:>; \
'.'. (iirman and Scandinavian cooks. plain
•• 'jft-at-hintr. %-M; German girl, general housr-
»o:k. Santa Clara Valley, family of 3 no
" »;->hiriK, VH>; 4 second glris for city and
country, $25; 5 hrst-class nurv«- girls for city
*Tid short fllifttWf out <»f tov.n at $25 anil
%'H): 2 Germau nerse eirls, $2j and $;u>;
fl . laundresses for country hotels. $iv,
I.i>-Ti :.-<.-.-. private family. Menlo I'ark. Wi);
* waitresses, for city, country resorts and
- _ hotels, i25 each; chambermaid and liiinilri«ii.
<30; also a large r.uml^r oi girls for general
Lousewcrk in city and country, $25 and $;;o
t.«-r month. Fee J.F. CROSETT. 334 «.
A'- -TWO fjret-class chambermaids for flret-
viass ref-ort: no waitlne at table: $23; call
*arly. MISS PLfNKETT. 4l'5 Powell st..
n- ar Powell
A— WANTED— Oirls to' learn hairdresulng.
manicuring, etc; trade taught frcm A to Z
. in 2 weeks: $5 to thow entering now; 3 jkj-
b.'. ¦ r.i- to fill immediately; iM^Uton? guaran-
teed, at $10 ner week ui>: I^adfng s'-hool in
West. 233 Grary St., room 13. •
A — Oirls to learn millinery now for spring s*a-
«on; both wa«on? taught from Mart to finish
in 1 rnor.th for $15; potion* as trimmers.
salesladies, etc., Kuarant«--.j et $lo p.-r wk up,
» day and «>venln«r class. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
A— I-ADIKP to learn all branches hairdreKsing
trad*, manicuring, masKage. ?.(<.. j^; Mar-
ket ft., cor. Jones, room S»<; portion* secured
at htth'Ft wag's; day and *-ve. cla?s^ call.
A PROTESTANT cook for first -class family
in the country; see party here; best of
" wa«rec; good place. MISS PLUNK ETT, 425
Sautter et.. near Powell.
~ '
WANTED — Operators, on custom pants; must
b» fast and well experienced; no otJu-rs ap-
ply; 22k to 35c per pair. Golden Gate Co
751 Market et.
A LADY to canvtw: b*-«t sellinr and most
attractive article; $1 25 vr day and per-
centage: call after 2. MRS. AL'ER. Hotel
Hex. 242 Turk st.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for lace and
fancy goods depte. MARKK BROS. 122U
Market St.
W'AKTED — Young woman who is experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.',
between, ft and 11 a. tn.
WANTED — Working housrkeeoer for old gen-
tleman; references reauired. Call 1331 Gough
st.. 10 and 12 a, m. -
YOUNG woman for dishwashing and scrubbing
at Hebrew Orphanage. COO Devltadero St.;
. good wages.
WANTED — Alteration hands on suits and
klurte. at STKAUSS & FROHMAN. 107 Post.
EXPERIENCED knit good* mender. Apply
J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Pfikst.
PANTS finisher; also apprentice; paid while
learning. IIP Kearny st.. room 32.
BY leading firm. 2 traveling ealeswomen for
State*. Box 8459. Call office.
Vi' ANTED — Toung girl; general housework;
urper Ca.t. 723 Bryant Bt. : call mornings.
APPRENTICE eirl minted to learn tailoring.
835 llEiict «., room 4. ,
THAN ANY OTHER NEDIUH i^i™ IN 5AN mANCISCOQ. W. or Gcorre W. Mensor and wlfa
(ownere) with W. B. Flynn A Co. (eontract-
r '". architect— All work for a three-ntory
frame building (flats> on 20 Car! »trt«t; $1130.
Security Savings' Bank (owners) with Par
cells-Greenwood Company (contractors), archi
tect same — Vault work for a two-«tory and
basement brivk building: on lot on E line of /
Montgomery street, 137:6 S of California B>
68 :» by S 4Or-$C210. ft
A. Plevln (owner) with Theodore Lutge (con
tractor), architect Charles Haynes^ — All work
for a two-story frame building on lot on W
llnp of Castro street, 100 S of Fourteenth.
U5 by 127; $4073.
Elizabeth II. Davenport (owner) with Cools
& Young (contractors), architect F. D. Boese —
Carpenter and plaster work for alterations and
additions tt» a two-story frame building on lot
on S line of Pacific avenue. 75 E of Octavla
street. E 25 by 3 87:«; $2520.
Schmledell estate (owners) with George and
Sidney Walker (contractors), architect Nathan
iel Blalsdell — Removal of old work, brick work,
excavation, concrete work, cementing struct
ural steel and cast Iron flre escape, carpenter
and mill work, tinning, galvanized Iron, lath
in,,-, plastering, glazing, stairs, marble and In
side finish for alterations and additions to
make a six-story brick bulldlog on lot on NB
corner of Montgomery and Clay streets. 13
97:0 by N 68:8; $47,949.
Same owners with William S. Snook & Son
(contractors), architect same — Plumbing, gas
fitting, sewering, draining and marble worlc
for same on sarr.e; $<Sri4.
(contractor), architects Martin and Coftey — Alt
work except .plumbing, painting, mantels,
shades and gas fixtures for.a three-story frama
building (Hats) on 3 line or Green street, &4:$
W of Polk. W 25 by S 117:8; $5321.
William Bosta (owner) with L. B. Perra
mont (contractor), architects P. Riglettl and
H. Kuhl — Carpenter and mill work, tinning,
plastering, hardware, glazing, marble worlc
and mosaic for a three-story frame building (4
flats) on a line of Bush street. 171:10»-i E" of
Webster, 34:4Vj by 137:6; $9200.
street, W 40 by N 120; $10. -
Louis and Jennie Frledlander to Morris
Levy. lot on E line of Webster street 87:6
N of Post. N 25 by E 112:6; $10
Laussat R. Rogers to Andrew J. Cunie, lot
on NW corner of Haight and Fillmore streets,
W 137:6 by N 150:6; $37,000
Edwin C. and Eila R. Young to Isabella S.
Boyd, lot on N line of Vallejo street, 110 W
of Stelner, W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
John, Lewis and Louisa Bradbury. Rosario
Winston and Minerva Polk to Bradbury Estate
Company, lot on S line of California street,
1J7:U W of Scott. W 100 by S 137:6- $1
Theresa A. Oelrichs and -Virginia Vanderbilt
to Joseph Harvey, lot on NW corner of Sutter
and Devlsadero streets. N 40 by ,W 100; $10.
Mary M. Yancey to Ephraim E. Enlow lot
on S line of Vallejo street, 62:6 W of Brod
erlck, W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
J. F. and Clara Turner to Merton S. Price,
lot on S line of Page street. 11S:9 W of Cen
tral avenue, W 25 by S 137:6; $10
Charles L. and Tina Hlnkel to Patrick H.
McCarthy, lot on W line of Cole street. 25 3
of Beulah. S 25 by W 80; $10
Henrietta Slttcnfeld to Stephen A. Born, lot
on N line of Fulton street, 303:10 W of Parker,
W 25. N 122.79. NK 25:01. S 121.9S- $10.
Same to Robert T. and Mary M. McGInnea,
lot on N line of Fulton street. 203:10 W of
Parker avenue, W 25, N 119.77, NE 25:01, S
Same to Richard and Katie E. Scandrett,
lot on N lino of Fulton street, 110:3 W of
Parker. W 25, N 116.81, NE 25:01, S 116.07;
$10. \ _
Henriette N. Hobbs to Elvira W. II. Percy,
lot on N line of Clay street, 102:9 E of Locust
E 27:3 by N 127:8%: Kl".
William J. Campbell to Margaret Campbell,
lot on NW line of. Laurel street. 200 SW of
First. SW 25 by NW 90; $40.
Sarah B. Melone to Harry SIpple. lot on E
line of Valencia street, 250 S of Fourteenth S
25 by E 100. N 2:4%, NE 22:6 to line 100"W
of Julian avenue, N along said line to point at
right angles from Valencia street. W 115; $10.
Henry W. and Emma L. Burmester to Wil
liam and / Antonia Spiegel, lot on E line of
Church fltreot, 219:6 N of Sixteenth N 25 by
E :?5; $10.
Joseph A. and Elizabeth Oliver Richard C.
or Cyril R. and Joseph O. Tobin to Marshall
and fcja.ile T. Fairfleld. lot on N line of Eight
eenth street. 235 W of Church, N -135 :5% W
37:6. N. 123:3%. nw 62:7^, S 167:1; $10 ¦
Christopher C. Lily A.. Thomas W and
Katherine A. Rivers to Mathilde Use. lot on N
line of Fifteenth street, 23 E of Castro E °"»
by N 90; $10. •
George S. Crim et al. to Conrad Motzer lot
on W line of York street. 218 N of Twenty
first, N 25 by, W 100; $1100. *
Lucretla M. Gray to James Rolph Jr lot on
NW corner of Twenty- fifth street and San
Jose avenue. N 79:11%, W 168:6 S 6 W 110
S 73:111*. e 298; $10. . '
Annie M. and James Rolph Jr. to Charles
Nanman. lot on NE .corner of Twenty-uft!i
and Guerrero 'streets, *N 73:11U E 100 S
73:11^. W 100: $10. / -""V;-1
Charles and Rose Katz to Abraham Becker
lot on N line of Pacific street 57:0 E of
Hyde. E 20 by N 60; $10
William Musso to Gust and Elise Gustafson
lot on W line of Morse place, 120 S of Broad
way. S 17:6 by W 60; $10.
Mary V. and Frank S. Malone to Henry E.
Bothin. lot on SB line of Tehama street ISO
NE of Second. NE 20 by BE 75; $10.
Samuel and Robert S. Knight to James H.
Mahony. lot on SE line of Bryant street. 301
NE of Third, NE 25 by SE 80; $10
George B. Rosewell to Jeremiah and Mary
A. Aher. lot on E line of Twentieth avenue.
224 N of California street, N 26 by W 100; $10
William A. : and Janet MacRae to Jeremiah
Coakley. lot on W. line of Nineteenth avenu«-.
100 S of California street. S 50 by W 1 120- $10
: Edward and Laura M.Carvill to John n"
and- William MacMuIIen. lot on W line of
Fourteenth avenue. 275 S of California street
S 25 by W 127:6; $10.
- Charles and William T. Smalridge and
Grace Bartthum to Catherine Stevens lot on
W line of Ninth avenue, 315 S of California
street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Hind Estate Company to, Mary E. .Daley, lot
on E line of Fourth averrtfe, 200 S of Clement
street,. S 25 by E 120: $10. - ., . •
Alfred ,T. "and" Jamie J. . Morris to Barbara
Lampert, :lot on S line of Clement street, 57:6
W-of Fourth avenue. -W, 25 by S 100; $10. • -
\Willlam J.'j and Emma C. ¦ Gunn • to Eliza
beth M. Robinson (wife of Edw. W.), lot on
W.llne of Twenty-first avenue, 125 S of Point
Lobon, S 25. by W 120: $10.;
Same to Lacy K. Fiske (wife of Harold B.).
1
Henry and Pauline Myers to John L. Has
keli, lot on NW corner of Vallejo and Laguna
WEDNESDAY. MAY 11.
City and County of San Francisco to Elis
abeth Rawlinson. lot on S line of Lombard
street. 1C5:9 W of Larkin, W 50 by S 137:6;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
A. XV. Wilson (owner) with City Street Im
provement Company (contractors), architect C.
A. Meussdorffer — Excavation and concrete for
a five-story and - basement brick building on
S line of Sacramento street 137:6 W of Octa
via. WMby S 132:8%. Western Addition 19C;
v "•
Same owner with Fred C. C Andersen (con
tractor), architect same — Brick work, exterior,
cementing and ornamental cast cement, pat
ent flues, mantels. »teel and Iron work for
same on same; $3724.
Same owner with C. P. . Moore (contractor),
architect same — Carpenter, mill work, mantels
rough hardware, galvanized iron, tinning, com
position roofing, glazing, lathing, plastering,
tiling and * marble work for same on same*
$28,050.
Same owner with J. Looney (contractor) ar
chitect same — Plumbing, gas fitting, aewer
work, hot- water piping for same on same
$4721. -
¦ Same (owner) with same (contractor), archi
tect same-^Cement floors and steps for same
en same; $520.
F. E. Peterson (owner) with John Stierlen
(contractor). architect— All work for re
pairs to building burned on lot on E line of
Clayton street, 100 S of Frederick. S 30 bv v
,101:3; $1500. I y **
J. Walther. or Walter (owner), with John
Westerlund (contractor), architect owner All
work except excavation, patent chimney and
painting for a two-story and basement frama
building on lot on E lln$ of. Harrison strepf
208 N of Twenty-fifth. N 26 by E 100; $3503
Robert L. Taylor (owner) with Val Franz
(contractor), architect William H. Armitase—
AH work except grading and concrete founda
tion, plumbing, painting, mantels, gas fix
tures and window shades for a three-story and
basement frame building on lot on V tin* r»r
HaiBht street. 137:6 W of Baker. W "7-6 hv
N 137:6; $7800. ~' -o Dy
William H. Demlng (owner) with Burton
C. Allyn (contractor), architects Meyer &
O'Brien— All work except plumbing gas fit
ting -and stand pipes for a four-story and
basement frame apartment house on lot on m
line of Ellis street. 150' of Lurkin C
120. W 30. S 120. — 30; $20 865 rKm . «
Same owner with J. Looney (contractor)
architects same— Plumbing. - Kasfittlng and
stand pipes for same on same; $393**
James West (owner) with XV. O. Peterson
(contractor), architects same— All work -or a
two-story frame building (Rats) on K line of
Fillmore street. 74 — of Grove, E 46:3 N 6,
E 22:6. N 20. S 6S:0. S 26; $SCCO. •
Charles Schlesslnger (owner} .with M. Loflus
lot on W line of Twenty-first avenue, 150 S
of Point Lobe?. S 50 by W 120; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Henry C
and Sarah A. Walker, lot on E liDe o* Second
avenue, 225 N of C street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
ritt, executrix) to Jacob Heyman lot on NE
corner of Forty-seventh avenue "and Fulton
street, E 32:6 by N ICO; also lot on N line of
Fulton street. 22:6 N of E>, E 25 by N 10O;
also lot on W line of Fcrty-slxth avenue 125
N of D street. >' 25 by W 120; also lot on
S line of C street, 57:6 W of Forty-sixth ave
nue. W Co by S 100; also lot on S line of C
street. S2:G W of Forty-sixth avenue. W 25
by S 1C0; also lot on S line of C street 57 :B
K of Forty-seventh avenue, E 25 by 5> 100;
also lot on S line of C street. 32:6 E of Forty
seventh avenue, E 25 by S 100; also lot on SE
corner of Forty-seventh avenue and C street,
E 32:o by S 100; $5110.
Same to eame. lot on SW corner of Forty
sixth avenue and C street, XV 32:6 by S 100'
56U3.
Jacob and Bertha G. Wefssbein to Jacob
Heyman Company. lot on S line of C street.
.12:6 W of Forty-elxth avenue, W 25 by S
1C0; 510.
Jacob Heyman to same, lot on SE corner
of Forty-seventh avenue and C street S 100
by E 82:6; 'also lot on S Una of C* street,
57:6 W of Forty-sixth avenue. W 50 by S 100;
also lot on SW corner of Forty-sixth avenue
and C street, W 32:6 by S 10O: also lot on
NE corner of Fulton street and Forty-seventli
avenue. N 100 by E 57:t>: also lot on W lino
of Forty-sixth avenue. 123 N of D street. N
25 by W 120; $ .
Robert and Teresia Trost to Margaret Mc-
Conalogue. lr>t <n S line of Army street,
34.":,6^ K of Mission as widened, W 25:0% S
115. E 25:0ii> N 115, Preclta Valley, lots SS
to 90; $10.
Charles A. Peters to Edward Bailey, lot 15.
block C, Park Lane Tract; $10.
Julius E. Petera to Frank E. Hills, lot 17,
block Ci Park I .ane Tract, map 1 ; $10. •
Jenny F. Coordt (Stone) to Geza Szanlk. lot
on SE line of Madrid street, 137:4 NE of
Amazon, NE 25 by SE 100, lot 2, block 41,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Marcelllne RafTestin to Harry and Clara M.
Heeder, lot on SE line of Palmer street. 205
NK of Chenery, NE 40 by E 81. SW 40, W 68.
lot 4, block 15, Falrmount; $10.
Granville B. and P. Carrie Oilman to Anna
Hinrichsen, lot 30, block G, French & Oilman
Tract; $10. t
James Daley to Givachino Greco, lot on W
line of Tehama street, 225 N of Norwich N
25 by W SO. Prec'ta Valley, 124; $1300.
Mary R. Clark (Hayden), Annie M. and Car
rie — or Carrie E. Hayden to RJbert C. Clork.
lot on NK corner of Twenty-second and Worth
streets, N 120 by E 125. lots u and 6, block 4,
Noe Garden Homestead; $10.
Anna D. Jocwt. J. Frank and Mari.i Walters
to William Eisele, lot on S corner of San Bruno
road ar.d Visitacion street, SE 106 by SW 51,
lot 38. Visitacion Valley: $10.
Mary E. Doyle (wife of Edward) to Anna D
Joost. lot fin K line of Thornton street. 35O X
of Sherman. N 50 by K 100. lots 19 and 20.
block 4, City Land Association; $60.
William A. and Lydia A. Sangster. lot on
NW lino of Madrid street, 150 SW of Russria
avenue. SW 150 by NW 100. lot 7. block 26,
Excelsior Honiestetjd; $10. f
'Builders' Contracts.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 11.
Stmr San Mateo. Roes. 91 hours from Ta
coir.a.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 11.
Stmc Greenwood. Swanson, Mendoclno.
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson. San Pedro. *
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 11 — Stmr Humboldt,
for Skagway.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Fischer Thtr — 73c S OATgbt C.123 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — Swieo-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con As. — 22 Truckee Elec 12^ 12%
Hono P Co.. — 14H UR In Co pfd 45 —
Lon&S F Bk — 60 Do com.... 9 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
$6,000 United R R of S F 4 79 25
Stre«t —
$10,000 United R R of S F 4s 79 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$2,000 United R R of S F 4s 79 25
Street—
$15,000 United R R of S F 4s 79 23
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the eales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 20 100 Mexican ISO
100 Belcher 2(5 100 Ophir 5 25
100 Belcher 27 100 Savage 32 1
100 Challenge Con 23 000 Scorpion 10
6"0 Chollar 17 100 Utah 08
a00 Exchequer . .. 30 1W0 Yellow Jacket. 20
200 Justice 10]
Afternoon Session.
GOO Belcher 31| 500 Overman 30
200 Challenge Con 1!4 300 Savage 34
400 Crown Point." 221 100 Savage 35
100 Exchequer .. 21t| !>00 Seg Belcher .. 10
100 Halt & Norc. 57| 500 Sierra Nev .. 45
200 Justice Ill 100 Silver 'Hill .. 57
300 Mexican 185 100 Union Con .. 67 i
100 Mexican 1 80 1
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific '
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 201 800 Chollar IS '
400 Belcher 27 100 Con C & V.I 47 V,
200 Belcher liD! 550 Crown Point. J 20
200 Belcher 30! 4. r >0 Crown Point.. 21
400 Caledonia ... Oil 100 Mexican ...l"7Va
100 Caledonia ... C4| 100 Overman 28
100 Caledonia ... «.">| 100 Scorpion 10
300 Challenge Con 241 U00 Silver Hill .. 67
i Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ... 64| 100 Potosi 17
100 Con C & V.I 47 Vi CCO Union Con 68
200 Mexican 180 600 Union Con . . m
600 Overman .... 30 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following .were the eales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
BOO MacNamara . 10| 500 Ton Belmont.. 73
500 MacNamara . 201 400 Ton Belmont.. 72
1300 Mont Ton ...1 65| 500 Ton Midway.. 39
500 Mont Ton..l 62Vi| 100 Ton of Nev... 9 25
100 Rescue 071
• Afternoon Session.
100 Mont Ton..l 62 }i| 500 Ton Gold M. . 20
BOO Ray & OBrlen 041.100 Ton of Nev ..!) CO
900 Rescue 07| 200 Ton of Nev ..8 75
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. May 11—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha 10 11 Justice 10 11
Alta 07 00 Kentuck VI 03
Andes 20 22|Keyes Graea.. — 1 00
Belcher 31 321 Lady Wash .. — 06
Best 8s. Bclch.l 45 1 351 Mexican I 80 1 90
Bullion 08 lOJOccidental ... 79 SI
Caledonia ... 04 C'lOpnir 5 12>i 5 \15
j Challenge Con 23 1!">I Overman 'J» :\0
Chollar 19 -OfrPotosi 16. 18
Confidence ...1 20 1 2.">| Scorpion ..J.. 10 14
Con C & Va.l 45 1 M>! Savage 37 38
| Con Imperial. 01 (>2|.Seg Belcher .. 00 11
I Con NY 02 OSTSierra Nev ..45 46
Crown Point. 21 23jt5ilver Hill. .. 57 RS
East Sierra N 06 — St . Louis .... 00 lo
Eureka Con.. — 5O[ Syndicate .... 04 06
Exchequer ... 29 30| Union Con . . fi7 68
Gould & Cur. 19 20! Utah 08 09
Hale & Norc. 57 601 Yellow Jacket. 21 23
Julia 05 071
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.| Bid.Ask.
Colehan — 07|Ton & Cal... 10 —
Esperanza ... — 01 1 Ton '"ash Boy <« —
Oold Anchor. 25 31|Ton Kxten ..I 12^1 20
Gold M Coi 02 0«5|Ton & G W.. 03 —
Hannapah ... — I'M Ton Gold M. J4 20
Little Ton .. 25 — Ton of Nev.. 8 62}£ —
MacNamara . 10 20 Ton N Star. . — 30
Mont Ton.. 160 1 62 '.i Ton Midway.. 38 40
Ray Ton ... 11 15 Ton & Salt L 21 —
Ray & OBrien 0.1 04 Ton Superior. . — 11
Rescue 06 071 United Ton .. 14 —
Ton Belmont. 72 ".^West End ... 10 —
California Stock and Oil Exchange
\
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo ,.. 46
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 20
Caribou 4 30 5 00
Central Point Con .... 70
Chicago Crude ' 20 21
Claremont 62 ....
Four (!(> 62
Fulton 3 75
Giant 1.1 ....
Hanford 100 00
Home 1 TiTYj 1 60
Imperial 18 00
j Independence 26 27
'Junction .........< 12 15
Kern River 10.10 ....
I Lion I Ol
j Monarch lof Arizona) 40
I Monte Cristo -V 70 75
Occidental of W Va 12
Oil City Petroleum -.." 48 4I>
Peerless .13 25 14 00
1 Senator . . . . • 07
I Sovereign • ¦' 45 ....
! Sterling 2 50
Superior • 04 ....
Thirty-three S 25
Twenty-eight ». 7 00 S 00 •
Associated Bonds . ; . . 79
Wabash Oil ...<. • 45 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp .... 150
Cal Gas & Elec Corp ; . 38 00
Cal Shipping Co 20 00 ... _
Chutes Company 7.10 ....\
Cj*ree» Lawn Imp Co...-. ..5 60 7 00
"Fischer's Theater .... -40
Northern Cal Power ..' 1100 ll'CO
SALES. *; 1
Morning Session. <
Board —
200 Montp Cristo 68
.' r>100 Oil City Petroleum, s 3 4S
' 1000 Associated 19 :
700 Monte Cristo 70
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Oil City Petroleum 48 :
2f»0 Oil City Petroleum '¦ r.O
500 Claremont ........ .............. (!2
300 Independence : 28 ¦
8000 Independence 27
• 200 FiKCher's ' 40,
- Street— .
( 200 Fischer's 10
There will be Ascension day service
at 11 o'clock this morning at Grace
Church, California and' Stockton
streets. The exercises will be In the
form of a choral service, in which the
ladies' choir wilj participate. The Rev.
David J. Evans, the rector, will deliver
an address. Organist William Holt
•will direct the. choir.
Ascension Day Service at Grace.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Quietly and unostentatiously Mrs.
Mary Jones, known as "Mother Jones,"
the champion'of the striking miners of
Colorado, has come to town for rest
after the strife attendant upon the
labor difficulties that now beset the
Rocky Mountain state. Mrs. Jones ar
rived in this city Sunday from Salt
Lake City. She took up quarters with
friends at 1122 Market street, and has
been in retirement ever since.
This remarkable woman, whose name
is well known to every newspaper
reader throughout the United States
in connection with the strike of the
Western Federation of Miners in Colo
rado, certainly belies the accepted con
ception of her appearance. Three score
years and four have whitened her hair
and left their trace on a face that is
kindly yet withal_atern. She has an
affable manner, and looks anything but
a leader of men.
Mrs. Jones was not' averse to 'being
interviewed. "You can quote me aa
saying," said she, "that I consider af
fairs in Colorado a disgrace to any
civilized nation. I witnessed more
brutaUty there than I conceived that
any human wretch could exercise over
another. I was detained in Price, Utah,
for eighteen days by the authorities
on the pretense that* I had been exposed
to smallpox, but it was only a subter
fuge to keep me from my work."
In speaking of the action of Gov
ernor Peabody in calling»out the militia
Mrs. Jones gave it as her opinion that
the chief executive would live to regret
his hasty action. Mrs: Jones intends to
remain here for ten days and then re
turn to her field of labor. The cogno
men, "Mother Jones," was given to her
many years ago in the cotton mills 'of
the South, where she secured employ
ment in order to study the condition
of the workers in that Industry. The
children always called her "Mother
Jones," and the name has stuck to her
ever since that time. Mrs. Jorjtes is a
former resident of this city, where sha
lived many years.
It was the clam in the chowder that
led to the arrest of "Lucky" Smith in
a wineshop on Sacramento street.
According j to the -statement of the
complaining/ officer, corroborated by
Mr. Smith himpelf, the latter had earn
ed his sobriquet by his phenomenal
luck in drawing the clam almost every
time the chewder urn was placed upon
the free-lunch "counter ? and ' the com
petitive angling ensued. Day after day
he triumphantly .forked and dragged
forth the much coveted j morsel ' from
which -the liquid "decoction- derived: its
title, but riot Its flavor, while a horde
of disappointed rivals for its posses
sion prodded and stabbed the depths
in\ vain. There were fourteen entries
for the clam last Tuesday— expert
* ¦ .¦• * •
Pending completion of his mental re
habilitation, William Mulcahey will
remain in the City Priso-n. When his
memory has been perfectly clarified a
charge of vagrancy against him will
be disposed of by Judge Mogan.
Mr. Mulcahey was arrested last Sun
day for drunkenness at the northern
end of Kearny street. He appeared
in court Monday and declared that the
last thing he remembered having done
prior to finding himself a prisoner was
taking a drink at the southern extrem
ity of Third street. The case was con
tinued twenty-four hours to afford him
opportunity to remember. On Tuesday
he reported that he had succeeded in
advancing his recollection as far north
as Third and Mission streets, where
it again 1 balked.
"Well, you got it started going, any
way," said the Judge, encouragingly,
"and perhaps another night of intel
lectual travail will get you across Mar
ket street. Go back and try it."
There was exultation in Mr. Mul
cahey's features and tone when he
faced the bench yesterday mornUig and
announced' that > he had spurred his
memory until it landed him at Kearny
and California streets. ,
"Ah, .that's going some," exclaimed
the court, approvingly. "There is ; a
void of about a dozen blocks yet tO/be
accounted for, however, so you must
resume memory-raking. Go: to it and
come back here to-morrow."
Mr. Mulcahey's brow instantly be
came corrugated as a zinc roof, and
his eyes saw not the immediate en
vironment: as Bailiff Hickey tenderly,
led him away as one leads a blind
man.
Tomaso Tomazo, a recent importation
from the Grecian Isles, refused to move
his peddler's cart from Market and
Beale streets when commanded to do
so by a policeman, and in defense of
his declination he defiantly flourished a
Tiawker's license in the face of Judge
Mogan's court ad declared that the
document qualified him to sell fruit
when, where and in such manner as he
pleased within the city limits.
After he had been pronounced guilty
of violating the ordinance which pro
hibits street obstruction by stationary
fruit stands, the fiery Greek was in
formed that so long as he chooses to
remain in this country he must respect
that section of the constitution which
prescribes equal rights to all and spe
cial privileges to none. He will be
sentenced to-day.
"No, sah; yo' persumpshun am erro
neous. De wud 'buttin,' as preshiated
by me, means erbrupshun. I did not
go in erbruptly, but jes aidged in
cahmly."
"The court stands enlightened, and
in gratitude for your' v«ry lucid ex
planation will allow you to go free.
Signor Boccacio is also restored to lib
erty. If any of the roysterers who
started the rumpus had been arrested
there might be a different ending to
the case."
Daniel Boccacio, of Italian ancestry,
and William Evans, of African descent,
were engaged in amicable converse at
5 o'clock last Sunday morning on Du
pont street, near Vallejo, wh«n a crowd
of gay revelers jostled them oft the
sidewalk. Boccacio's torrid Latin tem
perament impelled him to instant re
prisal, while Mr. Evans, of cooler blood,
"jes aidged in." as he described his re
taliative movement to Judge Mogan.
"You mean to say that you butted In,
I presume?" his Honor ventured.
Irene Davis was cruising along the
Barbary Coast at 4 o'clock yesterday
morning when she sighted Private
John Homer, U. S. A., tacking up Pa
cific street with evident intention of
swerving into Kearny. Press'ng on all
available sail, Irene overtook ihe ron
of Mars at the intersection of
thoroughfares named and implored him
to protect her from a man '.vho was
leaning against a nearby telegraph
pole. Ere the soldier could respond to
the appeal for aid the man abandoned
the pole and was advancing toward
Irene, when there was a flash and a
sharp report. The man staggered back
with a bullet wound furrowing his side.
Private Hprner stood dumfounded
and Irene calmly walked into a drug
store, where she was arrested by Pa
trolman Brown, who also sent the
wounded one to th- Receiving Hos
pital.
All the parties were before Judge
Fritz later in the day, but no complaint
had been filed and no prosecution could
be forced, so the woman was dis
charged. The man whom she shot
turned out to be James Halliday of 558
Stevenson street. He resolutely declined
to prosecute. Private Homer knew
nothing of the parties or the cause of
the shooting, nor had he seen the pistol
in the woman's hand. Officer Brown
merely saw her enter the drug store. If
the bullet had struck Mr. Halliday a
little more to the left there would have
been work for the Coroner.
Mrs. Bingham was among the in
mates of a disorderly house on Taylor
street when she was arrested for va
grancy, and then came the disclosure
that for years she has been devoting
her shameful earnings to the mainten
ance of her husband and two daugh
ters, the eldest of whom is fourteen
years of age. When asked why she did
not aesert her wifely rights and force
the man to support the family, she re
plied /hat he was an invalid and un
able to work. This statement has been
proved false, however, several persons
who know the couple testifying that
Bingham is big, strong and worthless.
"Why did you try to defend this
man's cruel treatment of yourself and
your children?" Judge Mogan inquired.
"Well, he started to search for work
just as soon as he heard of my arrest,"
was the answer.
A warrant is out for Bingham's ar
rest, and the charge is vagrancy.
It will not be any fault of Mrs. Jane
Doe Bingham, alias Crossley, a de
scendant of oife of the oldest Spanish
families in California, if her husband
is punished for compelling her to sup
port hint! and their two children by
leading an immoral life, for in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday she showed
unmistakable inclination to shield the
man from pursuing justice. But it is
the hope and ambition of Officer Young
of the Society -for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children to convict Bing
ham without the aid of the woman. /
Judge Cabaniss dismissed Joseph
Egan and Thomas J. "White, striking
stablemen, charged with having dan
gerous weapons in their possession
while doing "picket" duty at a stable
on Polk street. White had an iron
wrench in one of his pockets. Robert
Hayes, who was arrested at the same
time and place,, has been given further
time to plead satisfactory reasons for
his being equipped with brass knuckles.
* • «
Assault with a deadly weapon is the
charge against Santo Moscow, who
thrust his stiletto into the neck of
Giuseppe Blandi, where it remained
sticking until a citizen withdrew it. The
case will be heard by Judge Mogan on
next Tuesday.
The stabber, the stabbee and another
Italian are partners in a garbage haul
ing enterprise, and were riding upon a
wagon which is their joint property
when a three-cornered argument over
business matters resulted in the stiletto
play by Santo. The vehicle was at the
intersection of Cole and Frederick
streets, and a number of persons who
witnessed the murderous act will be
called as witnesses. Patrolman Rorke
arrested Moscow and had Blandi sent
to the Receiving Hospital, where he is
still confined.
"No, we are not the original lumber
yard kids," said John Smith and Ber
nard Bolenburg In response to a judi
cial request for information.
The policeman found them asleep,
with a pine plank for a coverlet, in a
lumber yard at Spear and Folsom
streets, and* when he awakened them
and inquired aa to their purpose in be
ing there they answered that they
were in search of comfortable slumber,
as the sultry weather made the hay
bales on the wharves too warm for
human-habitation.
They wooed morpheus last night in a
nice, cool steel tank.
• • •
John Coughlln said he was awaiting
a friend with whom he had an appoint
ment when a policeman arrested him
at Jackson and Kearny streets.
"He had been standing upon that
one spot for hours," complained the
officer, "and would neither move on nor
explain why he wanted to stick to that
spot. When I first spotted him he was
acting suspiciously. I had seen him on
that spot many times before."
"Mr. Coughlin, you are accused of
being Johnny on the spot," said Judge
Mogan, "and after I have learned some
more about your character — which I
hope is spotless— you will receive (en
lightenment as to your immediate fu
ture."
Bailiff Hickey murmured something
about the leopard changing its spots,
and Clerk Grey opined that it was not
the leopard, but the chameleon, that
undergoes the remarkable" transforma
tion.
lunchers all of them— and although
Mr. Smith's fork was the last one to
grope for the prize it was the one that
captured it. The defeated contestants
might have gulped their chagrin, as
they often did before, if the winner
had not held aloft the dripping clam
and tauntingly twitted them as to their
incompetency. But he did that very
thing and the thirteen fell upon'him
as one man and maltreated him sorely.
In the scuffle the clam disappeared and
the police suspect that the bartender
got it.
"As you seem to have been more
sinned against than sinning," said
Judge Mogan to Mr. Smith', "and as I
do not desire to shatter your reputa
tion for good luck, you may go hence
to freedom.'.'
Champion of the Striking
Colorado Miners Is in
This Gity Seeking Best
Forced to Lead an Immoral Life to Support Him
and Their Two Children, She Falsely Informs
Judge Mogan That the Man Is Too 111 to Work
MOTHER JONES
COMES TO TOWN
WIFE SHIELDS HUSBAND
FROM PURSUING JUSTICE
THE SAN -FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1904
14
ROOMS AM) HO.VltD.
."~~~ HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1C1* VAN NESS AVE.. NEAil OEART ST.
6ELECT AND FIRST. CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1224— Elegant large
front alcove room: gas. bath, running water,
with board: suitable for 2: private fsmlly.
HOWARD. MIA— First-class board & room.
elnglc or double. $5 A »0 week; Amff. family.
A WEEK'S new* for 0 cents— The Weekly Call.
• 16 tjsrw. Iti wrncrxT. for Tn»fi)nr : _>1_P£r_J£*r.
UOUMS 1^--
"(VanteD — *">"<• or two wc " furnished rooms
with rrivate bath, by single gentleman; ;
etate price and locaticn. Box 3454. Call.
I'AUT.VEBS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner fcr established planing
mill ar.d rablret shon: email caaltal. .52
FranMin et.. Oakland.
STOIIAGI? AND WAREHOUSE*.
jT^EMPORICM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
tiouseboid roods rtored. mcved. shipped. 713-
731 Howard et.. nr. Third: phone Grant ICU
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage.
rackinp. shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
' Ness; pflto 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South 760
PjrnCK-ROPOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Poft and Powell »ts.; tel. PtIt. Ex. 3.1.
COJSKLTN'6 Storage — Furniture and merchan-
• <jlee. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East UW.
GOLDEN Weirt Storage; advances made. 840
Mission Et.: tel. Howard »41. F. W. Zebfuss.
•PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
rany. 2320 FlHmore st. ; phone Jackson 28L
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgome~T
tt.- trt. Mr.ln 1<40 fhlprrinc it cut rate*
tEWISC MACHINES •*^PJ*"*5*3'"^Jl
DOMESTIC— The machine for family u«:
best is cheapest; second -band all makes at
. any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic efflce. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: elirhtly used; $10 $15. $20; tecond-
. hand. $3 $5 $9: a!! styles; rnar*3t*«l. New
Hem* t>w.rqr Marirtn* Co.. 1061 Market St.
SPECIAL NOTICES. )
' Lfcdie*' Chichester*s English Pennyroyal Pills j
• arc best: eafe reliable; take no other. Send 4c j
' r;amrs toe particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
'n letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Ch Ichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment Tr«-» Dr Cottlngham 204 Sutter st.
frTlTTEBIXG AA'D STAMMEIU.XG.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness & Market,
prom 1 e*» cure If in fair health; hours 1 to 5.
T1PKWRITEHS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Fmlth Premier $25; other typewriters at
' hlster and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Tb«
Typewriting Exchange. 638 California st.
A FEW good typewriter* at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. * M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
JDHAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter In*pec. Co.. 308 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
6AN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Baild-
ir.g Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
buildin* 708 Market St.. opposite Third — 1
For the half yea- 31st of December, !
lfW.C a dividend has been declared at the i
rate' per annum of <12> twelve per cent on I
•• . capital stock and participating certificates. I
' free cf taxes, payable en and after SATCR- j
DAY .Tar.uary 2." 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON- |
AUI', Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary, j
DIVIDEND No. 9, 5 per cent, now due and pay- i
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
' coraery et.. room fi. J. HOWARD BARNARD, j
ruorusiLS. j
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of :
Soppllea and Accounts. Navy Department, !
Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon, !
May -4. 11H34. and publicly opened immedi- '
ately thereafter, to furnish at the navy yards, j
Mare Island, Cal.. and Puget Sound. Wash., j
its specified, a quantity of arc lamps, car- (
bona, tape, incandescent lamps. t-Iectric fans |
end exhauFters, conduit and fittings, trans- j
. former, rubber insulated copper wire, knife j
' f v.itches. bait? and nuts, lag screws, wash- ;
ers, rivets and burrs, eand. fire clay, broken ;
*tone. Portland cem«nt. cotton sheeting, tick- |
liig. flax twine, burlape, twist drills, files, ;
steel discs, screws, copper tacks, chest locks, j
emery wheels, miscellaneous hardware and j
" hand tools, stakeholder, etc., ash. Pert Or-
- ford cedar, hickory, Oregon pine, .redwood, ;
epruce, oak pipe staves, oak. poplar, phos- i
piwr-bronze. Norway iron, pig iron, sheet '
zinc, shellac, chemicals, lye, geld lacquer, j
brass pipe, iron pi;>e. brass and iron pipe fit- I
tings, valves, blueprint paper, drawing pa- |
per, toilet paper, miscellaneous Htationery, 1
corn brooms, window glaee. magnesia pipe i
covering, rubber packing, seaming palms, i
candles, beeswax, and fir piling. Blank pro- \
T>oF.als will bt furnished upon application to j
the navy pay o'fice*. San Francisco, Cal., j
and Seattle Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS, Pay- '
master General U. S. N. 4-18-04 i
*. Office of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks, ;
TVai-h.. May 10, 1904. Sealed proposals. In >
"triplicate, will be received here until 11 a. m.. 1
June 9. i&rt4, and then opened, for construct- |
. jng Electric Lighting Bystesi at this post. !
For full lr.forniatlon apply at this office, or ]
.to the Chief Quartermaster. Pullman Build- •
ing. Chicago, cr Depot Quartermaster Army '
Building. New York. U. S. reserves the right '
to reject any or all bidp or accept any part ;
thereof. Envelopes containing should '
be marked: "Proposals for Electric Lighting j
lit Vancouver Barracks, Wash.," and 'add rested j
.to undersigned. F. G. HODGSON, C. Q. M.
SEALED proposals will be received at the I
oltiee of the Lighthouse Engineer, 91 Flood
" building, San Francisco, Cal.. until 12 i
» o'clo'k m.. June 2. 1904. and then opened,
fcr building a fireproof oilhouse, 33 by 70
feet. Including the preparation of the ground
End the erection of a retaining wail, at
Yerha Bucna Island. Cal., in accordance with '
t-pf-citications. copies of which, with blank i
rixposals and other information, may be had I
upon applicaticn to THOS. H. HANDBURY,
Lieutenant Colonel. Corps of Engineers,
• I". P. A.. Enpineer.
LEGAL ADVKirriHEMUNTS.
NOTICE — Office cf Insurance Commissioner
Han Francisco, Cal.. May II, 1!*H— Having
fcsryrtalnfrd that th* capital ptook of the
JJeir-n Surety and Guaranty Company has
•eoome impaired, and that said company has 1
IK^-onie insolvent within the true Intent and i
m^aninc of the insurance laws of th" State
•if <'aliffirni», I have this day revoked its
-«-ertificat«> of authority, previously pranted
35 :irovldPd in KfH-tion OK) of the Political
*. Code, *nd notif-e i? hereby (riven that said
«(,mian> is no longer authorized to transact
• '.Ijo b"5inr-fs of incurs n<-p within this State.
• M MYRON WOLF. Insurant Q)mmi?slonT.
MAI1I1IAGE UCEXSE&
i ' Th" following marriage licenses were iroued
* jes-tcrday:
I l^oui* Fr&n<-i*. 2fl, Petaluma. and May Bap-
t*ta. 16. Petaluma.
Ourlland L. Walker. 25. !)R» McAllister
etrft«t. him? Zada H. Millar, 2*. 1097 McAllister
John M. P.oberts. KO, Pott»r Valley and
Catherine Bus< h. 20. Potter Vallev. :
Frank Morriocal. 37. »:{;! Elltu'etreet and I
Kva I-.brf». 27. 4111 F*vcnt«»n!h street 1
IVnJamin Ar.Ixter. 21, 1422 Devisadcro street.
an<1 Henrietta Maslin, IS, 1510 Geary street
Giovanni Pizzigoni, 37. Oakland, and Luigia
, I* lucchi, 22. city.
Jose Cardenas. 2<. 2.%R Brannan wtreet and
Toniasa Henrlqut-x, 25, 20 Shipley street.
lyeonard K. Jackson, 25. Denver, and Hilda ;
Anderson, 21, «-!ty.
William BhlDsy. 29. San Jcsa, and LJda L.
1^, Rembert. 25, city.
Bertram V. Alien. SI. 3.T9 Bush street, and
•***oui8* E. Glees, 22. 1071 Pace street.
¦ John Gavalva. :K». 345 Fifth street and
.VrroTia Kavucki. S2. 117, Farallones street
William M. Maas, 22, Napa, and Dollle E.
H'-nry. l'.«, Nana.
Thomas F. Riley. 21. 42 Gilbert street and
Aiariia Cesislle. 13. 63S Bay street.
*"VVIIltam Blank. ?2. :S4 Mlwlsslr>pi street, I
s *nd Beatrice Tesohout, IS. 324 Mississippi.
' EIEIHS-MABBIAGES^DEAm"
Birth, marrisr* and death notices sent by
ma.1! » ill not be Inserted. They mun be handM
at clt^eT of the publication offices and be
-indorsed with the name and residence of per-
••ons aothorii*d to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
"of the event are published once In this column
irer of charge. ¦"
BORX.
KLf-TER— In Alameda, May 2, 1904, to the
. prize cf Ualoh IS. Easter, a eon.
tlHBBINI— In this city. May II. -1804. to th«
wife of Lawrence Giubbini, a eon.
#IENCKEN— In this city. May 2, 1904, to the
*ife or II. Tlencken. a daughter.
MARRIED.
ANDERSON — OWENS — In this dtjr. May 7,
I'J©4. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Frank H.
Anderson and Maude Owens.
Ct;LTER— MARTIN— In Santa Cruz. April II,
l»04. by the Rev. F. K. Baker, Herbert H.
Cujter of Tuxedo and Georgina L. Martin of
Ran Franclfico.
HAMILTON— VON KASSINGER— In this city.
• Jiay 7, 1904, by the Rev. George W. .White,
ADVERTISEMENTS
V- Wi/mWr AfMtMnO" Vmf'm'SI
a ?^3a Glass SS O *0
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ op* tub ¦
PROVIDENT LIFE AND
TRUST COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IX THE STATE O?
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day; made to th« Insurance Comm.ssioner ot
the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of Section 613 of the Political Cod*
of said State.
CAPITAL.
"S?%£ .^f. 1^.?!!^ .??.?. 11.000.000 g
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate Owned
by the Company I3.808.9T8 23
Amount of Loans secured by
Bond and Mortgage on Real
Estate 14.134.M3 »*
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 5.192.390 tit
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken In payment of prem-
lums on policies now in force.. S.033 a*
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com- • _^ „
pany 22,872.820 00
Amount of Cash on hand la Com- .„.„„_
pany"s Office 160.43T 03
Interest due the Company and un-
Interest accrued but not due 3T7.663 43
Net amount of premiums In pro-
cess of collection and of de-
f erred premiums 882,»33 1*
Cash loans to Policy holders on *
this Company's policies assigned '
as collateral 4.418.894 39
Rents due and accrued .......... 27.533 7T
Total Ass«ts $51,131,561 09
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
paid 141.020 27
Claims for death losses and ma- .
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due XL688 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Ex-
perience Tables of Mortality,
with four per cent Interest 43.440,738 00
Amount of hU unpaid dividends
to policy holders 73.077 5S
Present value of unpaid amounts
on matured Installment policies. 303.8*3 00
All other Liabilities 635. lid s-i
Total Liabilities $44.5:5.941 ij
j IXCOME. ~
' Cash -received for premiums on
new policies during the year... $733,308 1»
! Cash received for renewal of
premiums -luring the year .... 5,607,913 40
! Cash received for sale of annu-
ities 48.854 00
Cash received for Interest 2.081.973 7t
Cash received fcr rents 121,222 S3
Cash received from all other
sources 182,027 9*
Total Income $8,757,108 54
EXPENDITURES. -
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $3.I69,9«7 44
Cash paid to annuitants 74,454 03
Cash paid for surrendered policies 322,705 S3
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders 813.024 43
Commissions paid to agents 581.529 20
Salaries and other compensation
of offlcers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners. 279,83? J3
Salaries and traveling expenses
of managers of agencies 20,230 33
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries 30.014 73
Cash paid for taxes 107.858 U
Cash paid for rents 21.377 33
1 Cash paid for commuting coramis-
¦ sloes 354.337 S3
Total Expenditures during the
year <S.M0.C7 It
PREMIUM NQTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of th«? year $3.2Sf 6«
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
i ceived during the year... 803 90
Total W.OsTm
Dtducttons during the year,
as folios:
Amcunt oi notes and other
premium obligations used
In payment of dividends
to policy holders $1,037 OS
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations re-
deemed by maker In cash. 19 24
Total reduction of
Premium Not* Ac-
count *. $1.05* U
Balance note assets at
end of the year $9,032 2t
SAMUEL R. SHIPLET. President.
C. -V. BORTON. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before roe. ttl»
ISth day of January. 1904.
SAMUEL R. REED. Notary Public
VAIL & ELDRIDSETeenera! Agents,
801 and 824 Hayward Building, S.P.
402 Trust Building, os Angeles.
paetor of Central Church, William Hamilton
of Ventura, Cal.. and Lillian von Kasslnger
of San Francisco.
SCOTT— PROCTOR— In this city. May 8. 1904.
by the Rev. George W. White, pastor of
Central Church, Harry C. Soott and_ Eva
Proctor, both of 5an Francisco.
DIED.
Baumhoer, Bernlce J. O'Connell. Tfcomas
Campbell, William J. Patton, Josephine M.
Carstens Franclsca Peetz. Johanna M.
Davison.' John A. Powers, Mary
Dorn, Charles A. Samuel, Caspar
Forman, William B. Shaw. Clara
Gleeson William Shufelt.' Lizzie C.
Grimm. Mary Smith. Francis L.
Hoffman, Charles Smith. John
Jeffer*. EUen Tlngley Nancy XV.
Kresteller, Dora Walsh, Julia
Macdonald. A. B. West. Almeda B.
Mangan, Clare R. Woithe, Marie
McBrlde. Ellen Toung, Cyrus
BAUMHOER— In this city. May 10. 1904,
Beralce J. beloved daughter of Josle and
the late Frank Baumhoer. a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 11,1
Mls«on stnwt, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city. May 10, 1904, Wil-
liam J.. dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Campbell, and loving father of William J..
Margaret L.. Elsie A. Holland and Bernard
Campbell, a native of Newry. County Down,
Ireland, aged 5S year*.
JC/Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May 13. at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 22 Laurel place, off First street, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul. at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Croes
Cemetery.
CARSTENS— Entered intd r*st. In this city.
May 1L 1904. Franclsca Carstens, dearly be-
loved mother of Mrs. Leonora Welke, and
sister of J. P. and J. J. Meurer. Mrs. Eliza
Wolf and Mrs. A. Schweteert. a native of
Germany, aged 6S years 7 months and 15
days. *
DAVISON— In this city. May 9. 1904,
John A. Davison, husband of Mary Davl-
Bon. and brother of Mrs. J. M. Walker,
Mrs. William Walker and Mrs. Barsaloax.
and the Rev. R. A. Davison of Falls Church,
Iowa, a native of Ohio, aged 60 years 2
mont/is and 1 day.
E7Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thurfday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, under
the aueplces of I. O. O. F. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eichteenth and Guerrero streets.
DORN— In this city. May 10. 1904. Charles A.
Dorn, beloved husband of Mrs. A, Dorn. and
father of Frida. Tessie, Carl and Elsie Dorn.
a native of Norway, aged 44 years and 2
months.
C7"FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. May 12. 1904, at 1 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau. 305
Montgomery avenue. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
FORMAN— In this city. May 11. 1904. William
Bishop beloved husband of Minnie Forman,
and father of Marie and Harold Forman. a
native of New York City, aged 50 years.
(New York and Humboldt County papers
please copy).
dTFrifnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), May 13. at 2 o'clock, at
his late residence. 790 Lyon street, corner
Golden Gate avenue. Interment private.
GLEESON — In this city. May 10, 1904, Wil-
liam, beloved brother of Mrs. Margaret
Healy, and uncle of William H. and Alfred
J. Healy. Mrs. H. L. Cowles and Mrs. Ma-
ricn Creelman, a native of Ireland, aged S4
years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
May 13, at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, cor-
ner of Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell street,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be j
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com- ]
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Please omit flow-
ers. Interment private. ,
GRIMM— In this city. May 10, 1904, Mary.
Grimm, a native of The Dallee. Ore.,
CTFricniis ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May IX, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of J. j
S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. Inter- I
rcent St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 I
o'clock cr^ek boay
HOFFMAN— In this city. Mar 9. 1904.
Charles H. Hoffman, a member of San Fran-
cisco Typographical Union.
JEFFERS— In this city. May 9. 1904. Ellen
C beloved wife of William Jeffere, a native j
of Wilmington. Delaware, aged 44 years and j
11 months. i
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May 13, et 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1138 Turk street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will 1
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, at
1 J:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem^- j
tery.
KRESTELLER— In Santa Cruz, May 10, 1904,
Dora, beloved wife of Kdward Kresteller,
and mother of Morris E. and Mark Kres-
teller.
MACDONALD— In Oakland, May 11, 1904,
Alexander Bruce, Infant son cf John A. and
Lucy B. Macdonald. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aired 3 montlia and 9 days.
CTFrit-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday afternoon. May 13, at 1 :30 o'clock,
at the residcace of the parents, 1012 Seventh
avenue. Ea=t Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
MANGAN— In this city. May 11, 1904. Clare
Rose, dearly beloved daughter of William
J. and Kate K. Maruran, and lovins: sister
of Jos?t)h. Mathew and Madeline Mangan.
a native of San Francisco, aged ? years 8
months and 8 days. j
C^TTh-: funeral will take place from the '
renidencf of her parents, 425 Cole street, be-
tween Oak and Paee. to-morrow (Friday),
at 1 :30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
McBRIDE— In this city. May 11, 1904. Ellen,
beloved wife of the late Michael McBrlde,
nnd loving mother of Matthew J., Lizzie F.,
Elsie E., Michael J. and Louiss I. McBride.
Mrs. MamV» Lewis and Mrs. O. Walton, a
native of County Kerry, Ireland, aeed 51
year?. (Vtrsinia City, Nev.; Butte City,
Mont., and New York City papers please
copy. »
; ' £y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
; dence. 38 Uinggold etroet. thence to St.
Joseph'* Church, where a requiem high mass
Tv-ill be celebrated for the repose of her «oul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
«"*ross Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In this city. May 10, 19M,
Thomas, Ix-loved husband of the late Nellie
A. O'Connell, father of John O'Connell, and
pon of Mrs. Ellen Burdett and the late John
O'Connell, a native of San Francisco, aged
45 years 5 months and 10 days. ¦
ttC^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully irfvit«»<1 to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) May L3, from his late residence,
TkiG Chestnut street, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
<-elebrate<l for the repose of his soul, com- j
mencinu at 9:30 o'olocfcr Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PATTON— In this city. May 9. 1904, Josephine
Mathilda, beloved wife of John L. Patton,
mother of Edward Lawrence Patton, daugh-
ter of Christine Anderson, sister of Charles
and Albert Anderson, and niece of August
Anderson, a native of San Francisco, aged
"<> yptLTn and Ti days.
(D^Fricn'is and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviiod to att<nd the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2 Hayward place, off Harrison streeti
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy^
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
I PKKT/C — Entered Into rest, in this city. May 11.
1U04, Johanna M.. ilearly beloved mother of
. Mrs. Tony Horstmann, and beloved slst?r of
Herman. Christopher and the late George
Besthorn, a native of Grmany, aged 60 years
4- months and 27 days.
r3*Fn*-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlte-1 to attejid the funeral to-morrow-
(Friday). May 13. at 1 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1)2 Klllott Park, between
HteJner and Pierce and O'Farrel! and Geary
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by elfc-
trlc funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero atreetsJ
POWERS— In this city. May 9. 1904. Mary,
beloved wife of the late H<!mund Powers,
and beloved mother of Mary c. and William
J. and the late Eugene F. Powers, a native
of County Waterford. Ireland, aged 54 years
E7"The fi-ner»l will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 1":Zf> o'clock, from the par-
lors of J.-C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street thence to St. Patrlek> Church for
services at 12:45. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SAMUEL— In Chlco. Cal., May 10. 1904, Cas-
par. b«?lov»d husband of Annie Samuel,
father of Hyman Abraham and Mrs. Bella
Brown, and brother of Mose and Benno Sam-
uel of New York, Wolff Samuel and Mrs.
Raphael Jacobs of Janowltz, and Aaron Sam-
uel and Mrs. MaA.us Simon of this city, a
native of Jar.owitz. Prussia, Germany,
aged 56 years an<l 2 months. (Grass Valley
pa|K>rs ulease copy.)
E7"Frl«nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atund the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock; from the residence
of fcls brother, Aaron Samuel, 242K Market
street. Interment Hills of Eternity. Ceme-
' t»ry. by train teaving Third and Townsend
streets et 11:30 o'clock. Please omit flowers.
SHAW— In this city. May 10. 1904, Clara, be-
James McGinn. Henry Hansen. I
JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn Bros., I
——Funeral Directors and Embalmen I
g!4 Eddy St.: Tel. South S76. |
F. J. Monahan. Manager. . Tel. Mission 3L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & 00.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEKS,
£339-2341 Mission ft., near Nineteenth.
San Francisco
loved wife of Fred E. Shaw, and mother of
Edith and Harry Shaw, and daughter of
Mrs. Ernestine Starke, and sister of Henry.
May. Ernest and Frea Starke. a native of
Germany, aged 28 years 1 month and 1 day.
ICFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors ot Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SHUFELT— In this city. May 11, 1904. Lizzie
C, beloved wife of W. J. ' Shufelt. and
mother of Warren L. Shufelt. a native of
Vermont, aged 56 years 2 months and J
days.
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, May 13 at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence. 1163 Valencia street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. >
SMITH— In .this city. May 11. 1904, Francis
Leroyal Smith, beloved husband of Catharine
Smith, and beloved father of Frank and
Alice Smith and Mrs. William H. Flaherty,
a native of/Providence, R. J., aged 50 ytars.
(Providence, R. I., papers please copy.)
CyFuneral strictly private.
SMITH— In this city, .May 9, 1904, John
Smith, beloved husband of Mrs. Annie Smith,
and father of G. W. Smith, Mrs. A. B. Gib-
son Bnd Mrs. Gertrude Tyree, a native of
Michigan, aged C8 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully irvlted to atund the funeral to-day
(Thursday), May 12, at 12 o'clock, from 911
Hyde street, between Pine and Bush. Inter,
ment Cypress ' Lawn Cemetery. *>>' carriage.
TINGLEY— In this city. May 11, 1904, Nancy
Walker Tingley, wife of the lute Judge
George B. Tincley, and beloved mother of
•Margaret Mr-norab Ludlaw and Mary Violet
Lawrence, and grandmother of Alice M.
Ludlaw and Constance Violet Lawrence, a
native of Kentucky, aged 90 years 6 months
i and 26 days. /
WALSH— In thlo city; May 11. 1904. Julia, be-
loved wife of William P. Walsh, and mother
of Sadie Adams, a native of Ireland, aged 47
years.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co.. 1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
WEST— In this city. May 8, 1904. Almeda B.
West, beloved wife of John West, and
mother of Mrs. Mlnie M. Sterling and Frank
and Henry West, a native of Tennessee,
aged 79 years and 5 days.
WOITHE— In this city. May 10, 1904, Marie
Woithe, dearly beloved mother of Eugene
Woithe, a n8tive of Forst, Germany, aged
56 years 6 months and 25 days'.
TOUNG — In this city. May 10. 1904, Cyrus
Young, a native of Kansas City. Mo., aged
04 years. A . member of Golden Gate Lodge
No, 6«, O. P. I. A.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.Future Grain and Provisions.
Receipts of Produce.
' FOR WEDNESDAY. MAY 11. j
Flour qr sks .. 5.505] Feed, sks ....... 22 "
Wheat.' ctla .... 3.7»7|Tallow. ctla .... 2»*
Barley, ctls .... 8,S04| Hides. No. ..... 33S
Oats, ctls ..... 77|Pelts. No. .... • 15O
Beans, sks 2C0i Paper, reams .. <T«
Potatoes, sks .. 2,2T8jLime. bbls C03
Continued on l"a;e Fourteen.
WHEAT— There was no foreign news worthy
I of note. •
1 Chicago was lower on the day. The private
wires of Mitchell, Mulcahy &. Co. from there
•said:*- "The Government report Indicates a
winter wheat crop of 60,000,000 bushels below
last year. This may be modified by present
improving conditions and the increased acre
age of spring wheat. It still leaves us an
exporting country, and the question remains,
Will Europe come up to our prices or must we
go down to theirs? St. Louis reports very fine
advices from the Southwest, and says . that
there/Will be 25 per cent more wheat tributary
to St Louis than last year."
The' only noteworthy change in .this market
was an advance In Northern Club, which is in
especial demand '¦ for mixing . with ¦ California
Club, which enables It ¦ to command, a higher
price ¦ than the latter. The tfvde report • quo
tations for White Australian nominal, as there
is practically none in the market., Futures
ruled firm. , , '-' . 7 ¦
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, fl 2301 32»4; California
White Australian. $1 G2%01 57%; Northern
Club.rfl 3081:37^4; Northern Bluestem, SI 50
01 55 per ctl. ' -
FUTURES.. 1 ::*/;,-• '
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ....... |1 28 ?1 2S $1 28 ?1 28;.-
Wheat and Other Grains.
Receipts of Butter are still running large
and the' market continues weak and quiet,
though quotations are no lower. All houses
are well supplied, and most of them complain
of the poor demand. Some of the arrivals are
soft, owing to the recent 'hot weather.
Cheese is declining, and most dealers quote
8%c as the top. with sales of very fair old
down to 6c. The market is in a bad way,
and overburdened with stock.
Eggs are again lower, and dull and plenti
ful at the decline. Store are much weaker
than heretofore, as the hot weather in the In
terior Is Impairing their quality. Most of, the
Eastern now rolling this way a:e seconds, and
are' offering at the quotations below, though
there are more or less firsts coming along, too.
Receipts were 04.6OO lbs Butter, 1711 cases
Eggs and 24,700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 18@lRi,4c
for extras and 17@17^Ac for firsts: dairy 15^
17%c; store Butter. 13@14c;'cold storage, nom-
CHEESE— 869c for good to choice new
and 6tf7c for lower grades; Young Americas,
0@0V6c; Eastern, 15@16c; Western, 14@15d
per lb. : .
.EGGS— Ranch. 10@20c for fair to choice;
store, 16® 18c; Eastern, 18@10c per'doten.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Spelter declined 2s 6d In the English mar
ket, closing at £22 Cs, but remained unchanged
at $5 20^3 25 here.
Iron closed at 44s 6^4d in Middlesboro
Locally Iron wan quiet and easy. No. 1 north
ern, foundry. $15@15 50; No. 1 foundry, south
ern. *J4@I4 25.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Lead was unchanged at £11 17s 8d In Lon
don and at $4 00#4 65 in the. New York
market. . t
NEW YORK. May 11.— Tin had a partial re
action in London, spot closing 12s 6d hlKh»r
at £123 7s Od and futures 5s higher at £l"4
The local market responded slightly to the
better tone abroad, closing at $27 50@27 C5
Copper declined 3s in London to £57 10s
for spot and to £57 11s Cd for futures The
local market remained quiet and unchanged
I^ake is quoted at J13- 50, electrolytic at
$13 12H013 25 .and casting at $12 SJWip
New York Metal Market.
Recent Enormous Increase in the
Circulation.
• The N>tt York circular of Bearjr C:<ws says
pf 4he financial sttukUor.:
'The most e'rnificant feature in the finan
cial situation iuj-t new ts congestion in tnt
vneoey market B0U1 call and time "money
• r« siirerabun<iant and in M-:te of the record
brf-»is»n#- bank loans, surplus reserves Have j
b»-«-n *ie«di!y riM!:g. and are DOW many r.Ui
fe..r.« **ev« previous years at this period.
' This congffticn '.* not to be attributed to tl-.e
.* Wtenfd demand for monty from either MBJ
beta or speculative source*: the diminished
Inquiry simyly agjrravsUnc a diffi.-uity which
• r ust bt directly traced to our inrlastic cur
¦ j.jn-'.v aycU ir. The amount of money now in
•Mrculstion is $2.TC.2.t*)O.<"*t. an i:icrea><- in
twelve months o* $15*.«0u.000. The*e Ugure*.
bowerer five only a i artial idea of the tre
n:\ndou* rxj an.-ion in our circulation which
tr.s lately t*k.n plaoe. During the Ust : thre»J
j . ars our currency Increased nearly $33«',00<\-
V " while in the last seven year? the increase
j-qt t^cn fM7.oit.»>uo an<1.our r*-r capita cir
rV.aticn has r^en frV.m *23 to $31 in the last
.. fcvfii year?. In other words, in this short
iVpiPd « have a<Mcti $«W.«i0O/"0O to our «=to<-k
"*f gold and ahnut -^"O.OOO.OOO to our supply of
Vark nnies. What in to be the effect of such
tii 'ccumoDS addition to our currency at a
'thnt Kites it is not needed? Is it likely to
]f»jM to n"l*ri-1 «t inflation? It Is to.be ho^ef!
rot: and ir. riew of the oon.«en-ati> e terr.per
v -hl'i'h prevails in financial circle? no such
"i"-f:;f»n-y is tr. siKht. althcush. surh an cx
.. j* rt r«-i' n a? ;Mf rnurt Inevitabjr rxert an im
• j~j»:ant InflueiKSe u^on va!u<*. Such cons-*«
timi would be in.r-wsible ha«l. »e an elastic
tairrenoy i>iltn car>able of exrar.ding ar.d con
kMctlBC automatically accorciir.g to the coun
try's warns. Duriwt the last two Presl-len
tiil- carr.j.aigr.e currency reform on these ltr.f-s
••'-.»>* loudly promised, but Congrefs haf ad- j
jou*!»ed once more without action, and In the
<«--ntin« election the currency qu^tion .«eems
:';-»!\'to bf- pu?heil es=ii>. Forturattly. vr? can
raterc ¦ redundancy 0* r°' A currency much
\*h+t tiian «!<¦ of fllver; r.everthelcBs.
t-ie-.nt? of expansion or ccntractlon do not
trr-A to develop bus!ne«» stability.
* HEAVY FINANCIAL OPERATIONS.
"Gold export" continue heavy in volume, and
thue far over $23.<»m»,«M> have been shipped to
•Kucope which turn has bwn more than offset
»-y arrivals frcm Jupsn. More gold yeenns like
ly u. Coliosr. The Panama payment* are. cf
course, an txnrtwtaet element, but this trans
action baf been tkUlfu'.ly haniled wiih a view
t" .<Jirturbin»r the international markets a* lit
tic * as t>o*?ib!e. l^Hiis nee*1s goid in any
?vent to raeet the strain innpn«ed thTe by the
decline in Russian bon.l* and to prortde for
the ot-v »«r Uacs. Beth Russia and Japan
• have commenced to borrow on an *jct»nsive
scale and such operation* will be en impor- ]
tant factor in the foreign money markets until !
'the war i* over. Japan's early victories will
vting Russia Into more de*r«erate efforts for
recovery. boT»isoevc-r remote the chances of *ue
,"*. F te«m now. Our c*vn market has been
or.'y fliEhtly afTectrd by these movements, ovr
fr.R-fo our 'large gold supply and the lessened
Jemand* cf bosh trade and Fpecu'.ation as
Fta;ed BtK)ve; but th»- placing of a portion of
't'**e loan= here t' a signlflr-ant movement ar.d.
i' «ucocv>=ful likely to cxter.d. Another im
portant factor in the l-»ral money market just
¥)•>«• i* the financial nrwrations connected with
¦ f*c s;Sft «'mo "00 t-on<1 sale* with payment
roc 92Q Q0»i.(**> ofT'l'i'hcin 1 notes and with
finding up of the Bterf F>-n<licate. etc. Evl
«i. — ,1v importiint calls are likely to be made
upon ear money ir.ark'-t— though the project*
«r» . for continued ea^e until crop d»manii«
. a.-strt therasclves.
. . CROPS AND ELECTIONS.
•• *'Murh acperAr upon the cominir harvest.
>*IJast year we had fhort cros>s of cotton, v. heat
*tid hay Only a h:«r corn crop mvk! us from |
m<r< Eerious= reaction. As it Is. the \Y<»-t |
rcotUlBes fairly prosperous, the South is en
" *»>Ji}g man activity than urual. Bttfl It Is the
'}:m\ that fuff»n> inoj=t from reaction. Ihe cur
tai'.inent of industrial ojierations being mark
• % an-1 i-»rsj«ent. Wall street Is facing two
ImstfTtant uncertainties— the crops and the
!*f>tecttoBS. In Auiruxt *e may be able to an-
C'cipjrte *wth with some certainty, but not
* ¦oooer. Af for the election, that promi^s to
t, t . leg? txci'.inK and less dicturblng than U5nal.
"•w "h Abe taiifT the < hlrf subject cf <ontrov«r*y
•'*en1 concerntr.p uhlr-h little if likely to be
done. Meanwhile, fluctuations in the stock
' "r;a-ket will probably he oonflred to moderate
Imitp Ttier» i E a stCStOjr demand for good in
¦C'*tn:er.ts when prices are marie attractiv.
tfje rei-ent city bond offering beinj? hemily
• t ivf>n=uhecrib«xl. V'Ut the prtce not altogether
(Stiefactory to' the authorities."
•. . Russian and Japanese Bonds.
The r'riva.te wires of llitfheil, Muicahy k
• «'"o frcjn.New York yt»«t«rday reported Rus
..fUn bond? % point lower at 6«>i. en the re
r«.rt<?<J lan-1 reverses to the Russian ami*.
«h?'.e «I! J*r«^ese issues were % jp>jint higher.
•"a Ix,:idon sjtacial reported that the Japanese
loan ha*l been owcnMUaaerftad at leaft ten 1
times already, and that It »a« still quoted at'
S% pVr cent prtmiuni.
Weather Report.
' -
niOth il'-rifli»n— Pariflc Time.)
• ;T SAN FRANCISCO. May 11—5 p. m. '
The followii:g the the seasonal rainfalls to :
./--.','. as corcparrd with thoye or eame date last
-"« <r and \.:--..' b'.\ in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last.
Stations— 24 lours, season, gfasoit
.Vureka 0-<"0 «3.27 5«.4li
IU'd Bluff 000 81. CW 23. JO
. (,i»Ys:r.«r.to 0-00 16.79 K>.«:2
<«'. i-rar.Clsco 0-00 20.50 lS.i'S
t Krctr.o fl-GO ".!<« 8.50
Iniepenflcnce O.00 2.57 2.3*
Ssj Luis Obispo 0.00 16.O> 18.49
Ixh Angeles 0.C0 S.ra 19.23
Diego ... 0.00 4.2S 11. €4
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. J 55^3 £3 §"* p
: I 2 \ : :
Bakor :i6.10 C2 20 NW Pt.Cldy .TO
C«.rson ZB.K2 78 42 NW Cloudy .<>0
purckj a».!»2 «0 4ii NW Clear .00
•""Fresno ." ia.7«"« 9!> OS N Clear .00
S.It K»ralion.2».»l ' S7 So . NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 2:). 70 70 40 SW Pt.Cldy Tr.
Pdca.te.lo 2H.«6 C4 41 \T Pt.Ody .00
Inae^Ciirterr* .iTJ.74 fc<> 5« M r Clear .u0
Im Arcele...2Jt.:»2 70 50 \V Clear .00
• Mt T£malr»is.20.5O 7u «0 W Ck-ar .«iO
North IIead...30.0S CO 4«5 N Cloudy .00
Pb'oetsix 2l».ao H2 70 W Cloudy Tr.
Point Reyes.. 2J». 85 01 48 NW Clear .CO
. l-ortUni) SO. 02 7* 40 NE Clear .HO
:*r0 Bluff 2».76 P4 C2 FE Clear" -.00
- JU^burK ».M 76 42 N Clear .00
• Sacramento ..2».7S M« GS S Clear .00
5;ift Lakc....2«.9fi «4 44 N Cloudy .00
Hpn Francmco.2».00 <» .'<4 W Clear .00
<iin L.Obispo.^.W W « S Cloudy .00
Pah D:ejo....2«.!*O 04 .'.S (SW Clear >'.00
Poattle 30.14 C4 44 NW near .CO
Spokane 33.1R «4 3K N PtlCldy.OO
Tptoosh •"«>. 1« «« 42 NE Clear .00
UnlU Wills.. -0.14 «S 42 i: Clear .OO
*V«MDa 23. SO f>2 C4 Clear .00
W'BATHEE CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOUECAST.
The jjre-«ure has fallen slowly over the north
ern half of the Pacific Coast, and has risen
fiT>T») Pan Francisco southward. Cloudy
v.-«-atli< r pi»\"All# In Arizona and » trace of
ml- If- >*port«d El Phoenix.
W*rni westher prtvaiis In the Interior of
Yotz muy •« expected Tfjunday afternoon
• Icr.p 'he coAt-l.
r«>rj<«st made ut San Tranclsco for thirty
ijrtTf enemg tnidnlsht. May 12:
Northern CaliJornif — Fair Thursday, con-
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..' — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7%
8t«rllnK Exchange, cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight....... — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce '....;. — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal'. 45 © 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were about CO
ooops and there was plenty of old stock offer-
Ing that had been carried over from the pre
ceding day. ' Hens, old Roosters and small
Broilers continued to drag at unsteady rates,
while Fryers, large Broilers and young Roos
ters, which were In limited supply, cleaned
up readily at firm figures. No Western came
In. Game continued to arrive in poor condi
tion and sold slowly.-
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@15c per lb;
Geese per pair, $1 50Q2: Goslings. $2 Soij.'J 50;
Ducks. $5®5 50 per dozen for old and $5 50®
0 50 for young; Hens. $0@6 50 for large and
S4 60(35 for small; young Roosters. >7 r>0«
8 50: olaVRoosters, $4 50® 5; Fryers, $&3i;
Broilers, $J*50@4 50 for large and- $203 for
small ; Pigeons, $1 25© 1 50 per dozen for old
and$l 75<§2 for Squabs.
GAME— Cottontail Rabbits. $1 50®2 per
dozen; Brush Rabbits, $1 23; Hare, f>Oc@$l.
Poultry and Game.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $3: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $B 50; Bea
ver Hill, $6; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 00; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cannel. $3 50 per ton; Coke. |U 5O@13
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks;' Rocky Moun
tain descrlpticns. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrel!; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 40c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 10$?l 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
an.1 43c fur raw; China Nut. 60970c per gallon r
Cocoa nut Oil In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 35c
for* Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 63c; natural winter Sperm Oil. OUc; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whale
Oil. 62c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. C3c; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c: light Herring Oil,
42c; dark Herring Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil. .lie:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 2O%c; Astral. 20%c:
Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24%c: Elaine. 2«%c;
Eocene. 23%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c; In cases. 22%c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases, 10%c: 86-degree Gasoline. In
bulk.' 25c; In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon in casea and
7Bc In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Prices have
been advanced. Red Lead. 7V407%c per lb:
White Lead. 7U®7%c. according to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes aw follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 8.85c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 3.70c;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry ' Granu
lated coarse. 6.60c; Fruit Granulated. O.MOo;
Beet' Granulated (100-lb bags only). r».90c:
Confectioners' A. B.COc; Magnolia A. -0.20c:
Extra C. 8.10c: Golden C. 8.00c: "D."
4.90c; barrels. 10c more: half barrels. 25c
more: boxes. BOo-more: BO-lb bags. 10c more
for all kinda. Tablets — Half barrels. 6.10c;
boxes. 6.35c: H. A E. Crystal Domino*. S.«0c
per lb. No orders taken for less than seventy
five barrels or its equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5%c spot and 5%c June-
July; San Quentln. $5 40; Wool Bags. 32333c;
Fleece Twine, 7S8c.
General Merchandise.
LIVERPOOL. j
Wheat— M «y- JuIv - Sept.
Opening 8 3% «5 « 6%
! Closing «3% <J4% 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat — Ma >'- Sept.-Dec.
Opining 2110 2O5O
Closing ••• 2105 20 45
Flour — ¦
Opening 27" 27 60
Closing *« <55 11 &»
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS, May 11. — WOOL — Active. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 17®21o;
light fine, 14@17c; heavy fine. 12<814c; tub
wa»hed, 20Q31C. .
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. May 11.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 14.7OO
balett. There was a strong competition for
good greasy, half-bred combing and medium,
New South Wales scoured and extreme rates
were paid. French buyers purchased greasy
pieces eagerly. Crossbreds. largely medium
sorts, were In a spirited demand at steady
rates. Americans bought a few lots and also
nome good to fine Merinos. The offerings of
Cape Of Good Hope were chiefly low greasles.
I'unta Arenas caused a good competition and
they were Rlso sold at prices unchanged to
H'l advance.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 11.— WHEAT— Wall*
Walla, 73c; bluestem. 81c; valley. 81c.
WASHINGTON.
1 TACOMA. May 11. — WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue«tem. 84c; club. 74c.
Northern Business. ,
SEATTLE, May 11. — Clearings. $777,281;
VaCOMA, May 11.— Clearings. $344,208; bal
* n p0RTLANl> May 11.— Clearings. $532,995;
balances, $96,964.
SPOKANE, May 11. — Clearing!), $429,650;
balance*. $24,655.
The following quotations are for Rood, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, lea* 50
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 7%@H%c; Cows and Heif
ers, «%Cf7c; thin Cows, 4JJ5c per Ib.
- CALVES— 464 %c per. lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3»4@4c; Ewes. 3@3Uc
per lb (grosa weight).
LAMBS— $2 60ig2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 6Hc;
over 200 lbs, 5»4c; aoft Hogs. 4%<g5c;
Sow*. 20 per cent off; Boart. 50 per cent off,
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
rtEEF_7)g7%c for Steert and SHS6^c p*r
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%©«c: small. 8%G0c per
— Wethers, 7%®8c; Ewes, 6%f?7%a
per lb.
LAMB— fi%"80e per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%©9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
As foreshadowed several days ago Hog*
have again declined. Too many are coming in
and the Eastern market la %c lower than
this. Soft Hojm are not wanted. Th* other
Meats continue to shade off. and dressed Ewea
and Lambs are still lower, while live Ewes.
Steers and Cows are also selling at reduced
prices. Receipts are larger and Increasing.
Meat Market.
Foreign Futures.
Miscellaneous Markets.
WHEAT— Receipts. 1000 bushels. Spot, easy
No. 2 rod. $1 06 elevator; No. 2 red, $1 07®
I |) f. o. b afloat. No. 1 Northern Duluth,
69%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba
nominal f. o. b. afloat. The crop report
while bullish, had little effect on wheat owing
to a general desire to get profits, the result
being a weak and lower market. Fine weather
West and bearish crop news from Kansas al«T
Influenced sentiment. The close showed %7i>
&c net decline. May closed 92Hc; July closed
»0 l-10»c: September closed 83Hc: December
closed 83% c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet; fair refining,
3»4c; centrifugal. 90 test, 3V4c; molasses sugar,
Sc; refined, firm. The market for coffee fu
tures closed steady at unchanged prices to a
decline of 5 points. Sales,' 32,750 bags, In
cluding: May, 5.:M>1J5.35e: July. 5.60®5.55c'
September. 5.75i55.80c; October,' 5.85c; Decem
ber, C.05@6.1Oc; March, 0.30<&.0.35c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market
¦hows no quotation change, holders still being
confident, while tho volume of demand is
small. Common are quoted at 4^OV4c: prime.
5%«f57ic; choice. 6>4«6%c: fancy, 7&7%o.
PRLNE3 — Show some - improvement in tone
In the absence of selling pressure and rule
about steady at prices ranging from 3c to 3-iic
according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are quiet, but not being urged
for sale show a generally j firm undertone
? h , 01^,^ O" 01 " 1 « O'/iSlOc; extra cholee at
loy«Q10%c and fancy at ll@13c/
PEACHES— Are In practically. the same po
sition as of late. Choice are quoted 7 1 4®7V,c*
extra choice. 7«4g8c; fancy, 0@9%c. '
NEW YORK, May II.— FLOUR-Recelpt*
6f>00 barrels; exports. 2100. Steady at old
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. May 11. -The cotton market
closed steady at an advance of 10^15 points.
New York Cotton Market.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short tills is ZO31.14 ner cent and for three
months' bills 2 l-10@2«, per cent.
Cons for money.. »0%|N Y Central 117
Con for acct 907-lfi'Nor A Went 5S
Anaconda 3*, Do pfd 9<i
Atchison 73% Ontario A West. 21 »4
Do pfd n.-nj Pennsylvania PO'i
Bait & Ohio K0<fc|Rand Mines 10%
Canadian Pac 120^1 Reading 'n.K
Ches A Ohio 31 Do 1st pfd 40 '
Chl Great West.. 1« | Do 2d pfd...: 33
C. M A St P 14«VJ!Southfrn Ry 2m
De Beers 19 I Do pfd «8
Den A Rio G 20i&lsouthem Pacific. 4S',«
Do pfd 71 I Union Pacific S5%
Erie 21^1 Do pfd 9»
Do 1st pM 134 |U S Steel 10%
Do 2d nfd 3M4I Do pfi 5(i*i
Illinois Central... i:a>i|Wahash is%
Louis & Nash.... 11VJI Do pfd .".SU
Mo. Kan A Tex.. 17H!Ppanlsh Fours M*4
Bar silver— Quiet; 23V,d per ounce
Money— 1*4 <32^4 per cent. •
London Closing Stocks.
Oregon Burbanks continued to arrive freely
by rail and the market had an easy ton", as
buyers were operating cautiously and sellers
were lift as firm In their views as previously.
Pliers had a sharp decline, but trade continued
•juttt. even at the revised quotations. Receipt*
of r,fW Potatoes are steadily Increasing and
this has a tendency to weaken the market for
oil! stock. Small Oregon seed Potatoes were
lower, es the demand was less urgent. The
quotation.) tor Garnet Chiles and Early Rose
are. omitted, as the demand for them is about
satisfied ar.d there are very few on the mar
ket. Australian Onions were firmly held at
previous prices., while new Green and Red
were lower under Increased receipts. Arrivals*
of new HeJ were over »!00 sacks.
Prices of miscellaneous vegetables had a
downward tendency, as there was very little
Inquiry for sli;rment and receipts of mont kinds
wire toe hea*> for the market to absorb.
The receipt* of Asparagus included much poor
am" sun-cooki'<l stock, which had to be dis
posed of quickly. The canners paid 4%fj5c
per pourd during the early trade, but reduced
fheir LI<1 to 4c for all grades later In the
day nnd secured large lines at that figure.
Fancy lots of Tomatoes were. In good request
at steady rate*, but everything else In the
vegetable line was weak.
Receipts ot vegetables Included 1585 boxen
of AMurspus. 429 boxes of Rhubarb and 927
sacks nl Peas. »
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, $1 35
©I 50 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 40<Rl C5
per ctl: River Reds.' $1«J1 10 per ctl; mnall
Oregon Burbanks for seed, $1 254/1 35 per ctl;
new Potatoes. 1%©2Hc per lb.
ONIONS— Australian Yellow. $4 50>S5 per
ctl: new Red. $1 WX&1 75 per sack; new Green,
40050c per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 4©Cc per lb;
Rhubarb. 25'3'40c for bay and 50©C5c per box
for San Jose; Green Peas, V.'cfill 25: Garden
Peas. 2®2%c per lb; String Beans. 5@7c per Ib:
Wax Beans, C<?JSc per lb« Tomatoes. $1 600
1 75 per box or crate for L03 Angeles and
$1 50®2 25 for Mexicans; Summer Squash, $1@
1 50 per box: Cabbage. $1 f)0 per ctl; Cftrrots.
60c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50ciR$l 25
per dozen; Garlic, nominal; Egg Plant, 15@20c
per lb; Dried Peppers, 8@10c for sun-dried
and 12%ftl3c per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra 12%@15c per lb; Green Peppers, 6#10c
per lb for Los Angeles and 12%@15c for Mexi
can; Marrowfat Squash, Jobbing at l%@2c per
pound. n\ ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CHICAGO. May -11.— CATTLE— Receipts.
IB 000 Steady to strong. Good to prime
steers $5fj5 70; poor to medium. $42(4 90;
stocke'rs and feeders. $3#4 40; cow $1759
4 35' heifers. $2 2564 M; canners. $1 toti2 60;
bulls $2 25<34; calves. $2 50@5; Texas fed
steers. $*«* CO.
HOGS— Receipts, to-day. 27,000; to-morrow,
25,000; 5c lower. Mixed an*Mwtrtiers'. $4 »i5»r
4 85; good to choice hfeavy. $4 75iQ4 »0; rough
heavy. $4 i:0®4 75; light. $4 00@4 75; bulk of
sal<>*. $4 C5«4 W>. ' :" =;
SHEEP— Receipts, 12,000. Sheep and lambh,
steady to stronr. Good to- choice wethers,
$4 r.u^r, 25; fair to choice mixed. $3 40S4 40;
Western sheep. $405 40; native lambs. $4 50©
5 70; Western lambs. $4 50®5 75; Western
lamb's, wooled, $5 7566 75.
CHICAGO
Livestock Market.
There is not much change In the B»an sit
uation, the market for most kinds continuing
quiet. Pinks are ."till In demand for shipment,
with the supply small and being rapidly re
duced.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40B2 55; Pea. $3; But
ters $303 25: small White. $2 90»3 10; large
Whfte, $2 30412 50: Pink, $3 40^3 50; Red.
$4 25; Lima. $3 25fj~ W; Red Kidneys. $1 75^
5: Blackeye. $1 UO®2 10 per cU; Horse Beans.
~SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4^4 25; Yellow
Mustard. SS'Sfl 25; Flax. $1 S0S1 ftO; Canary.
5%fi5=4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%tJltie; Rape,
l«i"€2c: Timothy, 0®«%c: Hemp, 3%®4c per
lb: Millet. 3<g3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $l'O4f21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Niles.
$3 25; Green Peas, $3$3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
A local hous* says of Wool: "For the past
t*-o weeks business In the Interior ha* been
very brisk, and close clearances of all shorn
Northern Wool have been effected. The bulk
of the U-jrl Bluff Wools have been sold at from
l«'.'U17%c. There was a good attendance at
! the Marysvllle sales on Monday and good
I prices were realized for selected lines. Th«
• Han Joaquin and middle county Wool* have
i been pretty well cleaned out at satisfactory
! figures. The San Francisco market Is quoted
i strong but quiet, and Boston reports firm and
j quiet conditions. In London all good Wools
are riunted strong."
HIDES AND SKINS^ — Culls and brands **15
about %?ilc under quotations. Heavy 8altr<l
Steers UV-t: medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hldfs 8c for heavy ard 8c for light: i*tag».
6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salte4
Cair lie; dry Hides. lCc; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf! ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25©3Oc each;
short Wool. 40>&«5c each; medium. 70©90c: long
Wool $11/1 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $292 5O for medium. $1 2TM t 73 for
small and 50c for Colts. Hors* Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $IfH 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican SOc: dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
1 Central ' American. 30*?32%e. Goat Skins —
i Prime Anroras. 75c; large and smooth, 50^:
I medium 35c; small. 20c.
i TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4H@4%c per lb:
No 2. 3%S4c: grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL — Spring clip — San Joaquin and South
ern 12 months'. 9811c; do 7 months', agioc
per" Ib- Middle Counties. 12Q16c for free and
11614c for defective: Northern. 15©17e for fre«
and 13815c for defective; Nevada. 12815c. ac
cording to condition.
HOPS — 24327c per lb for California. 1903.
and 17%S20c for cfop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO. May 11.— On the Produce Ex
chance to-dav the butter market was steady;
creameries. 133l«%c; dairies. 13®17c Eggs,
steady; 15'4^15%c. Cheese, easy; 8%@9%c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was not much doing on the exchanges
yesterday, and changes w-re few and generally
narrow.
Recent oil dividends are: Oil City Petro
leum, regular monthly, of %c per share,
amountmg to $2T>0o, payable June 1; Twenty-
Elzht Oil Company, regular monthly, of loc
per share, amounting to $«of<». payable June 1.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 60
cents per share on May 2o.
The California-street Cihle Railroad Com
pany paid a regular monthly dividend of 73c
yesterday.
The Bank of Nevada of Reno, Nev.. recently
declared the usual divtdeml of $tf per shars
from the profits of the pant flucal year and
placed over 545.0UO in the reserve fund Th
net earnlnrs of the .year, it is reported, were
over Sxv.ijuu. The j-aid-up capital Is $»ij«>.o»w.
The old directors have b*^n re-elected, consist
ing of Daniel Meyer. A. G. Fletcher, P. L.
Flanigan. Henry Ander.on. M. Scheeline ar.<:
C F. Turrittln. It. L. D»uglaas was added tu
the boar'l.
It Is reported that' the Kan Francisco Htock
Exchange, on the expiration of Ita i.-»-»
of Ua old property on Pine street ta July
will remove to »» I,i-.!~. ! . r T street mow occu
pied by the Central Grain an4 Htock Exchanc*
for two years from July 1 at a reported rental
of |15u per month. an<i It is likely to occupy
those quarter* aQ ouM no Matisfactury arrange
ment b* made with the owners of the pln+
strect building. A rumor \* current that tne
Central Grain and Stock Exchange had 1-n -1
the boardroom now occupied by the Han Fran
cisco fc'tock and Exchange Eoard for lioo ocr
month.
STOCK A.VD ROM) EXCIIAXGK.
WEDNESDAY. May 11-2 p. «.
UXITED .STATES BONDS.
nid.A«k.l Bld.Aik.
4s qr c»up..ln;i 3 |n;: 1 u «jr cp now.ia^> s i:C(> a
4s qr reg... 107 107 'j \r,n qr coup.. — 107
Mlfc'CELLANEoU:* BONDS.
Ala A W 5s — — |oak T Co tJa.m 120%
Hay CPC 5».1O1 — 1» 5« Ill 1121,
Cal C G !». — lOS Do an 5s.. mill _
Cal O & E K Oceanic S Urn. C5' .
m & ct 5s. XI 14 *2% Om Cable fi*. — 1:2
Cal at C Ss.llfi-%117 | Pac G Im 4a — —
C C Wat 5a. — lol I P E Ry 5*..IO4*41C3
EdL&PBs— — IP * C II «». ll»4* 4 —
F & C II «s. — ll*i IP A o R 6«.ll« —
Oary-st 5s. — — IPowell-st r.n. — 114
H CAS 5%s.H)O — |sae EC*R 5s 97 —
Do 5s 07% — 'SFASJV .*.¦>. 1 1«%1 17
Hon n T «s.lt>4>, — ISierra Ry «». — 115
L A Elec 5». — 109 |S P of A «»
L A Ry 5s.lll%112 (in»n» lfW ir»U
L A L Co 6s — — »!D10> ..^.109 —
Do gt>i «s. — — S P of C (to
Do gtd.5a.102 105 (10C5)Hr A. 101% —
LAP lem 5s. 101 — | UJKif>)Sr B.102>-i —
Mkt-st c ««. — natii (jfK^ um^kht;
Do lem 5«.113% — I <mi2) — 11«
MVAMtT 59.101 — SPC 1 eg 5a. 110
N n of C 6«.1O7 107'i) !>,> stamrxi. 107^41081:
Do 5s IH.i.jIIT |S P B R Cs.132 —
N P C R 5s. — 107 |3 V Wat ti9..104'£
N C Ry 5s.. 109 — 1 Do 4s 2dm. — 89 li
N C P C 5s. 00 102 I Do 4» 3dm. — !>»*!
N 8 R R 5s. 9«» 100 |Stkn G*E fti 95 97U
O O L&H 5«.10e»;i07Vilu G A E 6s. — 105
O W gtd 3s. — — 1
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 40 | Port Costa ... — —
Martn Co — Cl \s V W Co.. SS% 3SU
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP3 — SFGAE. — «%
Mutual EL.— 12 stkn G A E. 4 Ht-
Pac L Co... 56 — V O A E Co. — 33
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd — 340 |
BANK STOCK3.
Ana Ntl Bk.r25 — |L P A A 152% _
Anglo-Cal ..83 87 Mer Trust. . .197'
Bank of Cal. — — Mcrch Ex... 55 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 a F National — —
First Natlonl — — :i
SAVTNGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22C0 2350 Sav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 430
Mutual Rav.100 — Union T Co. —
S F Sav U.625 — . »,
STREET RAILROADS. O *
California .. — 200 [Presidio 39% 40
Geary - 80 |
POWDER.
Giant 60% 61"»,ilVigorit 4^ 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 40c (Kllauea S C. 3
Hawaiian C. 49* SO Makawell C. 2t>T» —
Honokaa S C 11% 12 |Onomea S C. 24 27 ti
Hutch SPC Ofe 9UlPaauhau S C 13 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 140 141 Oceanic S C. — v. 4K'
CalFCA..— 100%i Pac Aux FA. 5 6
Cal Wine A. — 82 Pac C Borax. 165 167
MVAMt Tm.100 — |
Morning Session.
Poarrl — - 0 ' ' / •'
25 Cal Wine Association.. 01 37»»
5 Mutual Electric Light.' 11 5<>
20l> Spring Valley Water Co 3S Co
50 Spring Valley Water Co. b 5.. 38 on
$11,000 S V 4s (2d mtge) 09 25
$1,000 3 P of Arizona (1010) 109 CO
Street—
15 Alaska Packers* Assn 1J0 50
60 Spring Valley Water Co 08 00
Afternoon Session.
' Board —
10 Makawell 21 0O
$1,000 Market-st Ry 1st con 3s. s 10. .114 00
$1,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 110 23
$3.CO0 Pacinc Electric Ry 3s Itt5 C«»
$3,000 Sacramento Elec Gas A Ry 5s. 07 50-
Unlisted Securities.
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Ask.| Bid.Afk.
Bay CPC 6s. — 99 3 P C Ry 4a. — loo :
B L Wat 6s. — 117%!9 P Co 4%».I0O% —
C NW Ry 3« — 112 Sun Tel 6a.. 113 —
Marin Co 5s. 100 — Do 5s — 1C5
RIh I W 5». — 107% Sutter-st 58.. 108 11.:
SF Drydk 6s — H3Vi|UR of SF 4». 7954 —
SF & NP 5». — 111%!.
MISCELL.VNEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 24% 27%|M«t Nav Co. — 00
Am BU Co. - - I Mm* Nil Dk. - -_
Cal Cot Mils 99 — fNev Ntl Bk.. — 2CO
Ca) GAE Cor 43 - )N S R R... »>i -
C Jockey C1.1SO 150 IN C P Co.. — 11 »«
Cal Powd»r.l.a> - lOak Bk Sav. 122% -
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 I O»k T Con. 71 . .— .
Ca T 1 & T. - 135 IIOOF Hall A G —
Cen Bk Oak. 60 65 lOrpheum Co. l!»i 16>;
Chute. Co... TU TV 4 !PCCa»Co..iai -
Slty & C Bk - 112 I Pac S Tel... - W J
Cyp L Imp- C — I Pac Srty Co. — —
Ea-t Dynm.. — 25«» tParaf Paint. S3 —
D«P Pilr pfd SO W IK F Dryrfocfr C> _
D^ ( corn -• — 50 ' SFASJV Coal 25 S2V,
FN Bk Oak.120 — IS J Wat Co. — 100.
Few Fluctuations.
Business Quieter "Again, With
! CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
: heavy 10c for light medium 12c for light.
! 13%c for extra light and 15@16c for sugar
j cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12Q:12%c; Mess Beef. $10®
10 50 per bbl; extra Mess. $11 till SO; Family.
i $12ffl2 50; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$24: Mess. $1S; Dry Salted v Pork. 10c; Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tlerres quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
\*%c; 10-lb tins, tV4c; 5-lb tins. 9%e; 3-lb tins.
! 0%c.
! COTTOLENE— One half barrel. &%c; three
: half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. h%c; two tierces,
j 8%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
The market continues dull and unsatisfac
tory everywhere. The Chicago wires of Mitch
ell, Mulcahy & Co. yesterday said: "It is the
same dull, dragging market, with poor support.
Packers generally expect a free run of Hogs
the last of this month, and do not seem dis
posed to accumulate the product In the mean
time." •
Provisions.
STOCK 3IAEKET.
NEW YORK. May 11.— Close: Money on
call, easy, !'«.©; per cent; closing bid, l"i;
oR^red at 1&4.
Time loan?, easy and dull; sixty day*. 2 per
t-rnt; ninety days. 2>-4g2% per cent; nix
months'. oQ3?4 I>er cent.
Prime mercantile paper, S?4®4>4 per cent.
Sterling exchange, heavy, with actual busi
«!py? in bankers' hills at $4.fc«95 for demand
aji.I at 54. N5 for sixty day bills.
Posted rates. $4.S5i-,!<74.M; and $4.8S.
Comrrprcial bills. $4".S4»4.
I'ar silver. 55;ic.
Mexican dollars. 44 l 4c.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
irreguler.
Xew York Stock Market.
KEW TOP.K. May 11.— There were periods
of tevday's tradirg that were much more
•ettre than the recent average, but in the in
tervals the maikct showed the same profound
condition or lethargy that has characterized it
for some time. X«ws developments were not
la-king, but the response to them was very
si'.ght. The Government crop report was rt-
Kardrd as decidedly unfavorable in the amount
Of the prob.ible yield indicated of winter
v.h^at. But the showing had been discounted
I aj.par.-r.tly. both In the stock and the grain
marttftj. neither of which was appreciably
afTfctf-d. Another nfws development to which
p.-n*ral importance Is attached, although long
*xpect"d. ia the proposed issue of debenture
bonds by the N<=w York Central. rei>orts of
which were generally credited, although not
officiary confirmed, before the market clos»d.
Tl-e ii«5ue of a bond for a moderate term and
at a rate of Interest above that recently paid
by that company was variously interpreted.
With both ttock and bonds authorized and
not issued it Is evidently an admission in effect
of the impossibility of issuing these on favor
able tcnr.s in the present market. On the
other hand, the plat-ing of the debenture
issue with a syndicate Is evidence of some im
provement in the absorption power cf the
bond market. The conspicuous feature of the
<Jay"» stock market was the selling of United
States ?:eel stocks, which carried the com
ir.cn stock to O'c a level never b?.'or«» touched
The telling nai attributed to feeling on the
I general cotlook »n the trade. Reports from
j th» trade were of declining demand for iron
and expanding facilities for output by the
United States Steel Corporation's iron depart
ment with resulting discontent by Independent
pixxlueert and suggestions cf plans for steel
works to provide consumption for their prod
uct. But by far the most notable develop
ment of the day was the enormous gold move
ment. Total engagements for shipments by
t'l-mnrrow's yteamer reached $9,000,000. This
concentrated movement is so little in accord
with the intimations of those having the
P.tnema payment in charge that the transfer
would b? made gradually and In comparatively
small amounts, that there was room to ques'
tion whether the. movement was not In large
psrt rfue to othrr causes than the Panama
payment. While the subtreasury paid out
yesterday $ir,.00O.0O0 on the Panama Canal
payment to Morgan i- Co.. the depository
banks were called on at the same time to pay
over about $li:,00<),or;0 of Government deposits
eo that there was little net Increase In th»
available Mjpply to provide for to-day's heavy
I exjK)i-tf of gr Id. The market closed steady.
j bu'. n^.t far from the lowest, a rise of 1% in
Amalgamated Coi r*r helping to steady' the
clo><\
Thu bnn<i market became irregular, in sym
pathy with (he late weakness m stocks. Total
sa|.-«. fl.h-J5.000.
United States bnn4s were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stook* — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison «,i*O0 72Vi» 71% 72
Atchison jifl 400 U2% 92% »2>i
Baltimore & Ohio.. 2,300 76% 78 U 7»i;
Bait A. Ohio rfd .... oi
Canadian Pacific .. 500 117 lifl'ri n«s;
Central of N J '* J57
Che« & Ohio 100 30 % 30U CO
snti&ra^ . 2r> ° 3s 38 %*,
St9iS-.f% *'™ !*K $* i 4 - 1^
Chl Term & Trans .....' t W
chi t * t pfd ;•;• |f«
C C C & St Louis - O if
SK o ,s s t ou pra:: n : .. 1C * £* "* g«
Colo So 2d ptd 100 21 % 2l T i 21%
Del & Hudijn aw 157 15C^ , M iJ
Del Lack & West "ftti*
..Denver & Rio Or.. loo 20 20" 2(>' 4
Den & Rio Gr pfd.
Erie 11,7(K» 23^, 23V4 23%
I>le 1st pfd 1.40O «2i' C2 6^
Erie 2d pfd 300 37% 37% 37«i
Hocking Valley .. 800 1,1; (55 qq
Hoclung Val pfd.. 9OO 78% 7% 78li
Illinois Central ... 400 130 129% 123<l
Iowa Central \"tL
Iowa Central prd '. \\" 34
K C Southern * ""'" 171/
K C Southern pfd "** J41?
Lculcv & Na>hv... COO 108% 108 108
Manhattan L 2.000 143% I43V 143
Metropo! Securities 100 77% 77% 73
Met Street Hailwy 4.900 100% los*; 109
Mexican Centrtl .. 2,400 "T4 GV, 7U
Minn &. St Louis 4"i™
M St P & 8 S M.. 500 62 61% 61 U
M SV 4c S S M pfd no
Missouri Pacific .. 1.000 01>4 90% 91
Mo Kans & Texas ie%
11 K 4 T pfd 351I
N II R of Mex pfd 36
N Y Centrsl 1.000 113% I1SV4 113%
Norfolk & West... 100 5«% 50% 66%
Nor & Wc-.-t pfd... 200 89 S8 87
Ontario St. Western. 300 2H4 21% 21 %
Pennsylvania 25,400 114»4- 113% 113%
P C C & St Louis 6B
Reading 2,500 43% 43 43
Reading 1st pfd... 100 7S% 78% T8
Reading 2d pfd COO 62 rtl"; mYi
Hock Island Co.... 4.400 22>4 21% 22
Rock Island Co pfd 1.G00 C5% 65 65
f t I. A- S K 2<1 pfd. 100 48 48 40Vj
Pt Loul« P w.... 18
Ft Ixiuls 8 W pfd 32V4
Kouthern Pacific .. 6.000 /47% 4«Ti 47V,
Fouthern Railway . 700 '20% 20^4 20%
Southern Ry pfd... 100 83% 83% 8.1W
Texas A Pacific... 400 22% -22\{ 22
Tol St L & West.. 100 25% 25% 25
T fit L & W pfd... 300 38 33 37U
1'rlon Pacific .... 17.6C0 83% 83% 8S%
1'nion Pacific pfd .... fll
Wabash 200 17% 17% 17U
W»it,af.h pfd 1.400 37% 37 . 37%
Wheel A I^Ute E lfl
Wlwonsin Central. 100 17% 17-14 '7H
Wisconsin Cen pfd .... 31%
Express Companies —
Adams 203 225 223% 222
American \... 1IR0
United States 103
Wrlle-Fareo "03
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copier 2S 300 49 47% .49
Am Cur & Foundry 300 16% 16% • IB
Amer C & F pfd * 70
Aroer Cotton Oil... 100 , 2S% 28% 28*4
Amer Cot Oil pfd
American Ice 300 6% C% - <i%
American Ice pfd. 700 27% 27t4 27U
Amer Llnseerl Oil ,. g 7 "
Amer Mn Oil pfd or
.Vmer Locomotive . flOO IR14 1914 jg
Amer Loco pfd ... 100 82% 82«i 82
Amer Pmelt & Ref- SOO 4014 48% 40U
Amei K fc Ref pfd 3f<0 t»5U 95 05li
Amer Sugar Ref .. 900 127% 12C% 127%
Anaconda Min Co. 7.-}
Rrocklyn Rap T... 3.700 46% 45% 46
Cnlo Fuel & Iron 31 •
Consolidated Ga« .. lfi.f?no 207 203V, 204
Corn Products ..;. 1,500 11% ' 10% 11H
Nctv York Money Market.
Onions, sks ... 4781 Leather rolls .. 72
Bran, sks 150t\Vine. gals 75.2OO
Middlings, sks.. 40' Sugar., ctl» .... 4.3t:i>
Hay. tons 54«; Quicksilver, fiks. 13
Wool, bales .,. 6471
Flour, qr ska .. 1.64<»!
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 21.45MJ Potatoes, sks .. 1 ST.7
Wheat, ctls .... 17,ts»;nran «k.<« 1 34i»
Beans, sks 6| Shorts, sks .... 2.253
TOO MUCH MONEY.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Unucd w*rm wrsther In the Interior, fog along
t!if coisst ; light nurth winds.
•¦^uthr-rn California — Cloudy Thursday; fresh
¦cnthw«Kt winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
S*n FrauciFco and vicinity — Fair Thursday:
ll»r*it inuth winds, changing to brisk westerly
with fog.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
December ... 1 28 1 23 1 27% 1 27%
Session 2 p. m*.
_ '- Open. High. Low. I Ciose. |
December ...$1 27% |1 2,"% $1 27% $1 27%
BARLEY — Although futures were stronger I
the caeh grain was easy, with $1-10 asked for I
choice. brlEht, but not obtained. .There were
sales at $1.OS%- The market waa quiet.
.CASH PARLEY.
-Feed. $1 07%«l 10; Shipping and Brew
ing, $1 12%&.l 15; Chevalier. $1 10©l 20 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :3o a.^m. -
Open. High. Low. Close.
December , v $. 05% J 05% $-95% $ 95«i
Session 2 p. m.
December ...$ 95& % 05% $ 0.">Vi ? 93% !
OATS — Black are quoted at a fraction lower,
but the other descriptions remain unchanged.
The market is quiet at present.
White. $1 3(xyl 40; Black. $1 22%@1 27%:
Red, $1 27%(g)l 35; Gray, 1 32%^1 3/% per
ctl.
CORN — Rules firm at the recent advance,
with small stocks.
Western sacked. $1 4,*@1 47% for Yellow and
White and $1 45 for Mixed; California large
Yellow *l 47%@1 52%; small round do. $1 5.'r«*
1 «i0; White, $1 45<B1 47% per ctl; Egyptian.
$1 4<J@1 50 for white and $1 27%®1 30 for
brown. ' :
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl. I
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®2 per ctl.
Flour and Mills tuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. ?1 80® !
, 6 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5; j
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5@4 25 :
per bbl. :
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are aa |
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs; '
Rye Flour, *3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
|T; Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. ?4 50; Hominy, »4@4 25; Buck-
I whvat Flour. $4 75; CracKed Wheat. »4;
1 Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75:
Rolled Oats, bbls, |7 25QS tO; In sacks, $t> 75^p
8 10; Pearl Barlet, $U; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Grten Peas. *5 Cu per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
Hay continues soft, but prices are main- |
tained. Bran and Middlings continue very !
firm and, the trade look for very stlft markets !
when the green feed dries up, as stocks are
slender and promise to continue so for some
time to come.
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"Arrivals of hay show a still further in
crease for the week, a total of 2050 tons as j
compared with 2850 tons for the week preced
ing; this shows arrivals of about 500 tons dally,
which is exceed lnfc'ly heavy for this season of
the year. Although matters have been rather
depressed, yet we can ivport n ° further de- !
i cline in prices, chiefly because of the fact
that the Uovernment has again advertised for
quite a quantity of hay. about 3SOO tons,
which, it is reported, will . be called for in
June; in all probability no new hay will be
accepted on this delivery, so at present there
is a good prospect of present pricea- being
maintained for old hay, no matter how soon
some of the new crop makes its appearance.
The San Francieco Hay Association has just
compiled its account of stocic throughout the
sections contributary to our market, which
shows a total of something over 22,000 tons as
compared with 17,000 tons for last year. This
has come somewhat as a surprise to many, for
it was generally believed that the total would
not show over 15,000 tons; it has been shown,
however, that the invisible supply waa consid
erably heavier than was anticipated, and it
was from this source that the market has been
chiefly supplied during the past month.
Crop prospects continue very promising In
most districts and it is generally conceded
that the yield will be considerably heavier
than that of last year. Shipping trade remains
very dull, but of late many local consumers
have shown a disposition to stock up a bit
with hay. so as not to have to feed new hay
at too early a date."
BRAN— $21<322 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — 127 50020 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21^22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Roiled Barley. $23 50@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2» 5O>@31:
: jobbing. $32; Coooanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
; Meal. $30 60<831 50: Cracked Corn. $3iero*2.
! Mixed Feed. $21022: Horse .Beans. $30®
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $11^15: Wheat and Oat, $11@
14; Oat. juwii:; 50; Barley. $10® 12; Stock.
$10@ll; Alfalfa. $9fill per ton.
STRAW— 50®70c per bale.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8%@10%c for Royals and
0@12c fcr Mcorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4>40
6c; sun-dried, 3@4%c; Peaches. 6£Se;
Pears. 8®ll%c; Figs, white. 2%-ff3c In boxes;
black 4^4c; Plums, pitted, 5@7%c per lb.
PRUNES— 19O3 crop. 2@2^4c for tha four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 190.1
crop (subject to change without notice) are aa
fallows: CO-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4V4c; 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown, 4c; 2-crown, 3»4c; Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless' Sultana9. 3%c; Seedless
Muscatels. 3^c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. 5%c; choice, 5«4c;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4%c; In
bulk, fancy, 5^4c; choice. 5c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Deheaa. $2 50: fancy. 12: London
Layers. 3-crown $1 35; 2-crown $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%<8!l4c;
No. 2. mi«12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No. 2. ll(gll%e; Almonds ll%c for Nonpa
reils. 11 %c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 0'4c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6<f?7c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll©13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50^5.
HONEY— Comb. 10@ll%c for white and »%
@9%c for amber; water white extracted. Z> r i$
5Hc; light amber extracted. 4%ig4%c; dark.
3%#4e. .
BEESWAX— 27@20c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
SUMMARY: OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks unsettled. Cotton firmer.
J.oral Stocks and Bonds much quieter.
Silver a fraction lenccr. Exchange unchanged.
Russian Bonds favcr and -Japanese Bonds higher.
Wheat, Barley and hiker Grains about the same?
ifav still zreak and Feedstuff.; firm.
¦'Beans and Seeds about as before quoted.
-Oregon Potatoes Ionrr again iunder free arrivals.
Km 1 Onions and Vegetables generally lower.
Supplies of Poultry continue plentiful.
Cherries and Strawberries weak. Oranges firm and active.
'Provisions dragging in alt markets.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs plentiful and the latter lower.
• Wool still moving off well at Iteady prices.
-Another decline in Sheep, Hog s and Cattle.
¦Red and White Lead marked up.
Money— U S Steel 9U
Call loans 2fi.°,% Do pfd 63V4
Time loans...... 3^4% Wrpt'house Com.. 78
Bonds— Mining—
Alchlson 4s 1(XH« Adventure .. l"i
Mexican Cen 4s.. «l»4lAlIouez 5
Railroads — (Amalgamated .... 4S T *
Atrhison 71^|Amer Zinc »%
Do pfd »2>,!Atlantic 7%
Boston & Albany. 245 iBlngham 21%
Boston ft Maine.. iftS ICalumet & Hecla.495
Boston Elevated.. 140 (Centennial 20
Fitchbursr pfd.*. ..138 I Copper Range •*•
Mexican Central.. »;%!Daly West.. , 22*:
N Y. NH & H...l«.7%i Dominion Coal.... 6.1
Pere Marquette... 78%|Franklin *. 7%
Union Pacific &3<£|Urancy 3«i
Miscellaneous— lisle Royale 7
Am Arge Chem.. 14»4 'Mass Mining 3»:
Do pH 72%IMi<-hlgan 4
Am Pneu Tube... 4U! Mohawk 41
Amer Sugar 127 I Mont Coal & Coke 2%
Do pfd 124 Old Dominion 12^
Am Tel & Tel. . .lSO^iOsceola 5<|%
Amer Woolen . 10y I Parrot o-ji •
Do pfd 74%!Qulncy s
Dominion I & S.. 11 Hi Shannon -t'.
Ed Elec Ilium... 233 ITamarack 90
General Electric. .15« Trinity 3*;
Mass Electric 18% U S Mining 19*4
Do rfd 70 r s Oil ou
Mass Gar ::n\ | Victoria ::iZ
I'nited Fruit 10914 Wlnona 6
Un Shoe Mach... 50 I Wolverine ..... 71
Do pfd 29 I
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
ecrn Products pfd. 1,000 CG% 6»!H 66Vi
Distillers' Sccur .. 200. 22 21% 21 *i
General Electric . 300 157 150 ' 158'
Inter Paper n
Inter Paper pfd... 200 CO 68 60
Inter Pump sgi^
Inter Pump pfd _ 78
National Lead ..*.¦- 200 17% 17V4 1S?4
North American ..'. ¦ '. ' 82
Pacinc Mail 100 20>,; 2«Vi 25^4
People's Gas 400 07% 97 97
Pressed Steel Car ' 25
Pressed S Car pfd. »;9
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 211*4 211?i 211
Republic Steel ..., 400 G%, «'<, 0>4
Republic Steel pfd. 6,100 40% 30 ' 30%
Rubber Goods 200 1G 1(1 15Vi
nubb*r Goods pfd. 100 7714 77>i 77>4
Tenn Coal and Iron 1,100 34*' H 3tV 4 34>i I
U S Leather KK) 6-i «)». H"i 1
U S Leather pfd .. 200 70»i 79«i 70V»
U S Realty ::C0 7V t 7V* 7 "
0 S Realty pfd ... 1.G00 5!)% r>i>% 60% I
U S Rubber 100 15% 15% 15'i, \
V S Rubber pfd ... C4%
U S Steel 19,400 10 DH 0»» I
V S Steel pfd 73,100 55% 53% 5:»y a !
\Veetinghouse Elec. 200 155 155 155
Western Union ... 100 89 SO 88%
Total sales 281.800 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, May 11.— Bond transactions
of the United Railroads of San Francisco were
$13,000 at $7S 87% and $32,000 at $7S 75,
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4, asked 4'i: preferred, bid
25, asked 35%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg...lO5 |L & N unl 4s 101
Do coupon 105 Man con golil 46...103 8 4
Do 3s. reg 105»i Mexican Cen U... CGU
Do coupon 106 Do 1st inc 1314
Do new 4s; reg. 132%^ Mlnn"& St L Is.. I).")'
Do coupon 132%|M. K & T 4s 100%
Do old 4s. reg.. 107 | Do 2ds 78^
Do coupon 107 jNtl R Mex con 4s. 74%
Atchison gen 4s.. 101 N Y Cen gen 3%s. 99%
Do adj 4s 91U N J Cen gen Bs..l:H
Atlantic C L 4s. !i5?i Northern Pac 4s.. 105
Bait & Ohio 4s... 101% Do 3s .' 72«4
Do 3%s 05 Nor & W con 4s. 08 -
Central of Ga 5s.l()«U|OSL 4s and panic 04%
Do 1st inc 72 |Penn conv 3W.S... 05V t
Ches &. Ohio 4%s.lO:;i^! Beading gen 4s..0S%
Cbi & Alton 3%s. 7S%jStL & IM con 5s. 114
C. B & Q new 4s. !U%| StL & SP fg 4s.. 82 '4
t\M&StP gen 4s.lO9»i!st L SW ls«ts 94%
C & N W con 7s.l27T«|Seaboard A L 4s. «*¦;
C, RliP RR 4s. 70 Isouthern Pac 4s., 92^4
Do col 5« 79% Southern Ry 5s.. 116 '
CCC & 8L gen 4s. 101 | Texas & Pac lsts.llSU
Chi Terminal 4?.. 80 IT. St L & W 4s. 70
Con Tobacco 4s.. M%\ Union Pacific 4s..lO5V4
Colo South 4s S49s| Do conv 4s 07H
C F &. I conv 5a. 71»~jU S Steel 2d 5s.. 71%
Den & Rio G 4s. US%|Wabash lsts 11BU,
Erie prior lien 4s. 9S 7 *| Do deb B 60%
Do gen 4s SSfiT Wheel & L E 4s.. 89V4
Ft W & D C lsts. 10744 1 Wisconsin Cen 4s. 83%
Hocking Val 4%s.l07%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 30| Little Chief 05
Alice 35 Ontario 3 £0
Breece 10! Ophlr 4 00
Brunswick Con 04IPhopnix 00
Comstock Tunnel. lOjPotosi 12
Con Cal & Va 1 60! Savage 2S
Horn Silver 1 3r.;Slrrra Nevada 40
Iron Silver 2 20 Small Hopee 1,1
Leadville Con 02!Standard 2 00
CHICAGO, May 11.— Cash quotations were
aa follows: Flour, dull and steady; No. 2
spring wheat. 00©fl5c : No. 3, 87©93e; No. 2
red $1 04® 1 OG; No. 2 corn. 40c ; No. 2 yel
low r."c- No. 2 oats. 4U;<3-41%c; No. 3 white,
4<Hi'<a44c- No. 2 rye, 71@73c; good feeding
barley 35033c ; fair to choice malting. 45®50c;
No 1 flaxseed, ?1 01>i: No. 1 Northwestern.
*l 09%: prime timothy seed, *2 00; mess pork,
per obi. Ill 1O0U 12%; lard, per 100 lta.
(G 37%@B 40: short ribs sides (loose) $«©
6 12%- short clear sides (boxed). *« 25®G 50;
whisky, basis ot high wines. $1 28; clover,.
*" "*' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbl, .-. 31.800 21,300
Wheat bu 51.00O 5 (.000
Corn bu . 132.«» M°^00
OatS" bu ... l^-" 00 1021CO
Rye bu llr ' 00 H-™
Sariey. bu 83J00 15,900
eained %<B?ic. Provisions closed from a
shade higher to 10c lower.
Notwithstanding the bullishness of the Gov
ernment crop report the wheat market opened
barely steady.. July being a shade higher to
%c lower at &5%@80&c. Many traders
were apparently of the opinion that the ex
cellent weather of the past ten days had
wrought material improvement In the con
dition of winter wheat. As a consequence
they were not disposed to buy heavily. On
the other hand offerings were rather light,
tlrm cables and small receipts having a ten
dency to check free selling. Under a lair
demand ¦ from pit- traders a firmer tone de
veloped. July advancing' to 8UV4'S8C»&e. As
the session advanced there was more dis
position to sell manifested and prices began
to decline. The change in sentiment was due
largely to reports as to the condition of the
crop, A Kansas City dispatch claimed that,
taking Into consideration the present outlook
in that section, the Government report was
altogether too pessimistic. According to a re
port from Montreal thei wheat crop in Mani
toba will be the largest In the history of the
country, an estimated yield of 80,000,000
bushels being given for that province and tho
Northwest Territories. Influenced by these
advices the pit crowd commenced to hammer
the market and caused a quick decline. A
lot of lone wheat came out on the down-turn,
commission houses selling heavily on stop-
Iosb orders Before the decline could be checked
July dropped to 84Ti®»5c. Shorts were fair
purchasers late In the day on an improved
cash demand. Part of the loss was regained,
but the market closed weak, with July at
80 *i 085 tic.
Considering the weakness In wheat the corn
market exhibited decided strength. The mar
ket closed at about the highest point of the
day. July opened a shade to %tBic higher
at 4S%c to 48'»c. wold between 48&c and
4S»i04S T fcc, closing at 4S9ic
The feature of trading in oats was an
urgent demand for the May delivery from a
prominent commission nous*. After opening
MUMc lower at 3S%c, July ranged between
SSVic and 39c. closing at 38%c.
Provisions were easier on selling supposed
to have been for outBide account It was a
va*e of free liquidation of July products. The
market received fair support at times, but
the demand was not sufficient to prevent small
looses in pork and lard. July pork closed 10c
lower at $11 27%. July lard was down 5c
at $6 47'4. July ribs closed a shade higher
at *0 37% 06 40.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. Hleh. Low. Close.
May hpa \?.°'. 2 .~ 91% ' «% «>% • »H4
5 U ly "oM 87% 87% 86V4 86%
Juv' new-. .. RfiVi «*.% 85 .85%
Se&mber. old- 82 «2</ 4 81% 81%
September, new. 81 SI 70% S0«s
Corn. No. 2 — - - _
July ... *W *V* «K 48 %
September ..... 4S* «« 43 48%
Ma?"V*f,\f~ 40*4 41% «40% 41%
T*Z ..... 3S-% 30 38V; 38%
September 30% 31 U 30% 31 *
Mess- pork, per bbl — ';
Tuly . .. ....11 40 11 40 11 22% 11 27%.
September 11 45 11 S5 11 42% 11 50 "
3*$"' ™.:"Vm .«»* 6 45 6 45
September 0 65 6 65 6 60 ' 6 62'i
Short ribs. Der 100 lbs—
July ... 6 37V- 8 40 6 35 B 40
September .'.... 6 55 ' ft 57% 6 52 % 6 65
Cash Grain and Frovisions. \
APPLES — $1©2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, ft 750
2 25 for fancy. $1 "T.fil 75 .or choice and $1®
$1 25 for standard: Tangerines, nominal: Lem
ons. ?2 6002 75 for fancy. $1 M<B1 75 for
choice and t\®\ 23 for standard: Grape Fruit.
$1 25@2; Mexican Limea. nominal at |5SG per
case; Bananas. $2*Kt per bunch for Central
American and *1@2~ for Hawaiian; Pineapple*.
$2@3 per dozen.
The Orange market continued firm and ac
tive despite the increased competition of other
fruits. Small and medium sizes of Navels
were eagerly sought after and some fine lots
were held at a premium. The- bidding at th«
auction sale was spirited, desirable sizes being
keenly competed for. ¦ Ten cars were sold as
follows: Fancy, $1 3o©2 30; choice. 85c©
*1 «5; standard. 73c@?l 35. The other Citrus
Fruits were unchanged. The steamer Alameda.
which arrived from Honolulu on the preceding
day, brought up 4577 bunches of Bananas and
142 crates of Pineapples.
STRAWBERRIES— $4#8 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50@5 for the larger varieties.
CHERRIES— 75eff$l 35 per drawer.
APRICOTS— $1 5O®» 25 per crate.
and sold at wide range as to nuallty. Re
ceipts were 4*55 drawers and Included much
small and unripe stock. Loose lots were offer
ing in small quantities and sold at Me per
pound. Strawberries ruled weak, aa receipts
continued heavy and the berries still showed
the effects of the hot weather in the interior.
Prices of Lon^worths had a wider range and
."(¦me badly sunburned lots sold bklow the min
imum quotations. The top quotations for both
kinds were obtained only in a peddling way,
the ruling prices for round lots being $1 per
chest less. A few odd lots of crated Strawber
ries came in from Vacavllle and vicinity and
sold at 65@73c per crate. Raspberries from
I-os Anselea sold at 25c and Dewberries from
tlie same section brought 15c per basket. Two
crates ot each came in.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1904.
Several consignments of Apricots came in
from Southern California and Arizona, | and aa
most of (the stock' was soft and overripe pricea
had a weaker tendency. Cherries were easier
Deciduous, and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO, May 11. — Improvement in condi
tion of the growing grain in the United States
and prospect* of - an enormous yield in th«
Canadian Northwest caused liquidation ¦ of
wheat to-day. Final quotation* on July showed
• 1Mb of %9%c. Corn wa« up • %c. ¦= Oata
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
UOTICE.
,By virtue of an ord-.r is«ued out cf the Su-
perior Court of the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, on the 7th day
of May. 19O4. , notice Is hereby given that we
will sell at public auction to the highest bid-
der for caah. subject to confirmation by th«?
court, payable 1O per cent of the purchase
price on the fall , of the hammer, and tha .
balance upon confirmation of said sale by tha
court, on Wednesday, the lSih day of May.
1904. tft 2 o'clock p. m.. In front of the Mer-
chants' Exchange, situate at the corner of
Sansome and Sacramento streets In the City
and County of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, the steamers' Napa City and St.
Helena, their enirin-s. boilers. machinery,
boats, tackle, apparel, appurtenances and fur-
niture with the warehouse belonging to H. O.
Bell, J. M. Graham. A. Hatt Jr. and Gustava
H. Munk. situate In Napa City. California.
The said steamers are stern whe»I steamers
and of 178.S7 and 344.98 tons register respect-
ively. EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auc-
tioneers.
AUCTION.
*?$*& Holstein-Friesians ?*gg§
BULLS. FRESH COWS. CALVES.
From th* celebrated prize-winning LA
SIESTA HERD, the GolJ Medal Champions.
MONDAY EVENING. May 16. 1804. at 8 p. m.
By Electric LIsht.
F. H. BURKE. Proprietor.
30 Montgomery st.. San Francisco*
FRED M. CHASE & CO.. Auctioneers.
1732 MARKET 3T..
San Francisco. CaL
Send for « talomies
Cattle at yards May 11.
fe fe
Horsemen, Attention!
25 FINE DRIVING and WORK HORSE3
will be on sale TO-DAY and TO-MORROW"
at OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE 2t!>
THIRD ST.Stock certificates .and seal presses at short
notice. Ed w. S. Koowles, Cl Second st. •
Jump hard'on, the grocer. who does not
bring Hills Bros.y Arabian Roast. •
P. Marsicano, owner of the buildings
at 11 29 Dupont street, was arrested
yesterday/ on a warrant from . Police
Justice | Cabaniss* . court charging him
with unlawfully renting houses for im
moral-purposes. He was .released on
JjjOO, bonds. The complaining- witness
is -Policeman George Collins. The ar
rest:is-rmade under : the -ordinance
passed by the Board of Supervisors on
ApririSY ¦
Police Prosecute Owner.
The wise seldom' Blve advice. If a friend
says drink 'Old Gilt Edi?e Whiskey." know It
Is an exception to the rule. Wlchman. Lutgen
& Co., sole proprietors. 29-31 Battery st., S. F.»
"A. .'Abrahamsbn,*, proprietor V of -the
Richelieu. -Hotel; ;Van;Ness avenue and
Geary street; * swore to ! a; complaint be
fore , Police Judge 'CabanissVyesterday
charging ! S.'"P. Wen tzer with burglary.
Wentzel j is the | you ng. man -who called
at the-' hotel'on 5 Monday; representing
himself as | av private ¦„ detective and
about half an*hour. after being ordered
away was 'found by, Abrahamson, going
through : the bureau - drawers, \ in " his
room. The police; have. found. that in
1903 7 Wentzel- was arrested , for j bur
glary in' Martinez, : but the charge was
reduced "to 'petty larceny and he. was
sentenced^ to; serve six monthsTln, jail.
About j five, years ! ago : he i was | arrested
in this . city; for. stealing ¦ bicycles, "¦;. but
the case against him ; was not : prose
cuted; : -•, ¦ ... '
' .Charged ; \Vlth ; Burglary;
The writ of possession .wa« issued as
a result of a judgment obtained by. C.
Coney of : Coney Bros, against A. E.
Lovett for, $50 back rent of the prem
ises at. 18 Ellis street, and there are
complications- involved which will re
,quire the ingenuity: of the courts to
unraveL » __
Deputy Sheriff Jesse Galland and a
corps of fifteen -men took " possession
of Batigor House, ~183ElIis street, yes
terday afternoon, : and in the presence
of three : contending 1 , attorneys, a cou
ple of disputing tenants and' a land
lord, put' the contents of twenty-four
rooms on' the sidewalk.- A large crowd
witnessed •: the eviction.:
Trouble had • : been - expected, but
Sheriff Galland carried out his part of
the performance without", hinderance
or argument. • - ¦ -.
Eviction Is . Accomplished Quietly by
Deputy Jesse Galland and. a Force .
of Fifteen. Men.
SHERIFF TAKES FURNITURE ,
FROM THE BAXGOR HOUSE
A case which had been forty-nine
years on' the flies of the United States
Circuit Court was decided yefeterday
in favor of the complainant by Judge
Morrow. The suit was filed in the
United States . Circuit Court June 4,
1855, by Edwin G. Adams against
Charles D. Carter and others to deter
mine the tVJle to the flfty-vara lot 226
on the north side of Vallejo street.
The matter was settled out of court
in 1857, but the judgment was neces
sary in order to clear the title.
Ancient Case Decided.
- A special exhibit for the San Fran
cisco building: at the St. Louis Exposi-!
tion is now on disjjlay at the Hum
•fcoldt Evening High School.' The pu
pils, under the supervision of .Princi
pal Taafe, were commissioned to pre
-pare samples of their work for.the ex
hibit, which will include ' a model
yacht and other interesting features.
Special School Exhibit on Display.
tot Cabin! "Tiie bread «-ith a flavor." Ask
feu;- dealer— wholesale — 900 Dolort* it. *
United States Commissioner Morse
yesterday filed his report in the su^t
of EKizabeth J. D. Johnson vs. the
steamer F. M. Smith to recover dam
jlrVf alleged to have been sustained
by the schooner Solferino in a colli
sion with the steamer in Suisun Bay
September 27. 1902. The Commis
pjoner estimated the damages at
$466 42 and recommends its allowance
by the District Court.
Damajjes for Solferino.
n«d Eyes and EyelJds. Granulated
Eyelids and other Eye troubles cured by
M urine Eye Remedy. •
An almost unprecedented thing hap
pened in Judge Dunne's court yester
day. Five prisoners waiting trial, one
having two charges of -burglary against
him, withdrew their former pleas of
not guilty and pleaded guilty. William
Connolly, an ex-convict, was "accused
of burglary for breaking into the Wil
merding School on February 14. He will
be sentenced to-morrow. Charles John
son, an ex-convict, faced two charges
of burglary, one for entering the
premises of Cohn Brothers, 1034 Market
street, and 'the other for entering the
room of F. D. Freeman, at 1032 Market
street, on / March 7. He will be sen
tenced on May 17. Joseph Murphy,
alias Frank Carroll, an ex-convict, and
George Garran were charged Jointly
with robbery for holding up Joseph
Joyce, of 319 Minna street, on February
25, and taking $20 from him. They, will
be. sentenced on May 18. James Show
was accused of grand larceny for steal
ing,, a silver watch and j fob from C.
Nielsen, of ; 533 Sacramento street, on
March 25, • and -was allowed to plead
suilty, to petty larceny. He wijl be
sentenced , to-morrow. .
On the night of January 10 the de
fendant .and a companion held up
Eugene Cerf of 1155 Octavia street, at
Post and Franklin streets, while he
was on his way home. They took a
watch and $o'60''from h|m. The follow
ing night the defendant and two com
panions held up Frank O. Heissner of
1716 Bryant street at Fell and Laguna
streets, just after he had left his
mother-in-law's residence, and after
taking $3 from him, struck him on the
head with the butt end of a revolver,
knocking him down.
Fred -Raabe Jr., who pleaded guilty
in Judge Dunne's court r to. two charges
of robbery, 'appeared for sentence yes
terday. The Judge sentenced him to
serve ten years on each charge in Fol
som penitentiary, making twenty years
altogether. When sentence was pro
nounced the defendant, who is scarcely
out of his teens, burst into tears and
was. led from the court room in a nerv
ous condition.
A new and more strict medical cer
tificate for the use of physicians while
examining candidates for admission
was adopted.
The high chief ranger was given
power to grant dispensation to courts
to reopen their charters for such time
as he may fix in order to secure new
members at reduced initiation fee, but
in no case shall the fee be less than
55. .
It was decided that no court shall
offer any premium or pay any bonus
for securing candidates without the
permission of the high chief " ranger,
who may withhold such permission if
in his judgment it is not advisable to
grant it.
"It was decided to appoint a commit
tee of one to codify the laws of the
order. •
The executive council was directed
to regulate the office expenses of the
secretary.
To-day the election of officers of the
high court will be held. It is stated
that : the present high chief, ranger, J.
B. Sanford, will be a candidate for re
election. Should he decide not to run
O. M. Goldaracena, the high sub-chief
ranger, is in line for promotion. John
Falconer, who . for \ more than fifteen
years* has held the'offlce'of permanent
secretary, not requiring, election and
who has given i general', satisfaction,
had : upto lastuiight no opposition for
the office of , Secretary, notwithstand
ing the fact that the general impres
sion, was that the abolishment of the
pe.rmane.nf secretaryship had' been
broughtabput to' run some one against
him. The talk last evening- was that
Mr. Falconer would be the unanimous
chbic.e of the', delegates in; recognition
of ; his ! long service in the interest . of
the order.., George /W.^Lunt, the high
treasurer, will "be re-elected if 'he
wants , the, office.- .*. . '.,""¦ -.-¦ ..
The grand officers and delegates to
the Subsidiary High Court of the An
cient Order of Foresters were busy in
Foresters' Hall yesterday discussing
the report of the committee on
supervision and laws. A ; number of
amendments were buried and others
were adopted. The principal ¦ ones
adopted are:
That each State within the jurisdic
tion of the Subsidiary High Court may
within its territorial. limits establish a
district court subject to the subsid
iary court. •
Sentence Passed by Judge
Dunne on F. Kaabe. Who
Entered Plea of Guilty
Candidates Will Now Have
to Undergo Stricter Medi •
cal Examination in Future
The singing of the boys was much
appreciated and the band made a de
cided hit? The entertainment was un
der the direction of Sidney S. Peixotto
Ani the heads of the various depart
.m^nts.
. Th* exhibition will be continued to
day.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club gave
its annual exhibition last night at the
club house, 318 Seventh street. The
various club activities were investi
gated by the visitors, who went from
room to room, from the departments
set aside for drawing and painting, net
weaving, brush and toy making to the
rooms where most admirable specimens
< f illuminating: and high class printing
vp're tn be found. ..
Columbia Park Boys' Club Gives Exhi
bition Which Proves Capable Work
manship With Artistic Bent.
TWENTY YEARS
FOR ROBBERY
FORESTERS
REVISE LAWS
The order of Judge Graham is the
final chapter in a sensational case. The
first trial resulted in a disagreement,
as did the second. . Between the two
trials and during the progress of the
second a hoodoo seemed to hang over
the case. Deaths innumerable occur
red In the families of the attorneys,
both for the prosecution and for the
defense and in the Knowlton family
and the families of Ira Doolittle and
his brother, for whom Knowlton was
working at the time of the alleged em
bezzlement. The jurors selected to try
the case also suffered, for a number of
them were taken ill within a few days
after the second trial of the case com
menced.
Because of the failure of the Dis
trict Attorney's office to appear and
prosecute the charge of embezzlement
against Joseph Knowlton, former cash
ier of the Hotel St. Nicholas, who for
the last two years has rested under,
a charge of appropriating more than
$25,000 belonging to his employers, the
action has been dismissed and Knowl
ton is free. The dismissal was ordered
yesterday by Judge Graham on motion
of the attorneys for Knowlton, who
held that the action should be dis
missed because the prosecution had not
appeared -within sixty days after the
last trial of the case, which resulted
in a disagreement of the jury, and re
newed the prosecution or taken steps
to re-try the case. A dismissal of
prosecution under such conditions is
provided for in section 1382 of the
Penal Code. -and this section was cited
by Knowlton's attorneys when the mo
tion for a dismissal was made.
The order made by Judge Graham
reads as follows: ¦«> ; ,;.
in this case the defendant. Jos«ph Knowl
ton. moves for a dismissal of the prosecution
against him under section 1382 of the Penal
Code, on th« ground that more than sixty
days ' have elaosed since the laat trial of the
defendant and the discharge of the jury. The
record discloses that from time to time the
cause was continued at the request of the
people over the objection of the defendant;
that on the second day of May, 19O4. that be
ing the sixtieth day, the defendant and his
counsel being present personally In court, and
the case of the People vs. Knowlton being
called, the defendant answered that he wan
ready for trial and that at said time no one
appeared on behalf of the people and no good
or any j cause being shown that said cause
should not be heard and tried. It therefore,
iollowa that under section 13S2 of the Penal
Code, subdivision 2 thereof, and in re Blgerow.
133 Cal.. 349. that thla motion pust be granted,
and it Is therefore ordered, • adjudged and de
creed that the prosecution against Joseph
Knowlton be and the same la hereby dismissed.
YOUTHS SHOW ABILITY
tS VARIOUS BRANCHES
Failure of District Attorney
to Appear Ends Prose
cution of Hotel Cashier
Petitions in * insolvency- were filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follows: Edwin J. Moore,
plumber. Eureka, liabilities $8916 and
no assets; Charles J. Periam, dealer
in safes, San Francisco, liabilities
$2932, assets $.500.
Petitions in Insolvency.
KNOWLTON CASE
IS DISMISSED
The teachers of the third grades of
the public schools met yesterday in
the City Hall to discuss the proposed
revision of the course of study as con
templated by the Board of Education.
A lengthy discussion was held and the
findings will be submitted to the board
when it take"3 up the matter.
Duscuss Course of Study.
Dr. JohQ I. Stephen was appointed
chief emergency surgeon yesterday, to
succeed Dr. G. F. Bracket t, who recent
ly resigned under fire" for exacting an
outside fee from M. Fleishhacker while
in the discharge of his official duties!
Stephen's appointment was made by
Dr. J. \V. Ward, president of the Board
of Health, and it will be ratified at the
meeting of the board to be held May IS.
Health Officer Ragan introduced Dr.
Stephen as the new chief surgeon to
the health officials. Stephen^ assumed
his duties at once, replacing Dr.C. F.
Millar, who was temporarily in charge
of the emergency hospitals.
Dr. Stephen was acting chief surgeon
during the month of January last,
when Brackett, who was appointed
chief emergency surgeon at the time,
went East on a leave of absence. Dr.
Stephen organized the . new emergency
staff) of surgeons, but when Brackett
returned to assume his duties Stephen
resigned because he could not get along
with ihs superior. '
The appointment of Dr. Stephen was
foreshadowed in these columns at the
time Brackett was under investigation.
Dr. C. F. Millar was a strong candidate
for the position, but Mayor Schmitz
was practically pledged to give the ap
pointment to Stephen. In fact, the
Mayor said that Brackett would have
only held on until June anyhow, even if
he had brought no scandal to the office,
and Stephen would have then displaced
him.
Dr. Stephen graduated from the King
and Queen College of Physicians in Ire
land on July 23, 1S86, and came to this
city on October 5, 1887, where he has
since engaged in the practice of medi
cine and surgery.
Health Board's President
. Names Chief Emer
gency Surgeon.
PROMINENT PHYSICIAN. AP
POINTED CHIEF SURGEON OF
EMERGENCY ' HOSPITALS.
Captain James T. Deane, with the
First Battalion, Tenth Infantry, re
turned yesterday from the Rodeo rifle
range. Twenty-one of his enlisted men
qualified as marksmen during the prac
tice. Major Robert C. Van Vliet, with
the Third Battalion, Tenth Infantry,
went over to the range yesterday.
The court-martial, appointed to try
Lieutenant George S. Richards Jr.,
which was to have convened to-day at
10 o'clock to look into the documentary
evidence from Manila, will not meet
until next Monday, as the expected tes
timony has not arrived.
Major John R. Williams will sail for
Manila on the transport Sheridan, leav
ing here June. 1. .
The court-martial appointed to try
Lieutenant William D. Aiken convened
at the Presidio yesterday morning at
10 o'clock. The charge against the
young officer is breach of arrest.
The prisoner sat beside his counsel,
Captain Harold B. Fiske of the Twen
ty-eighth Infantry. Captain John • J.
Bradley. Fourteenth Infantry, Judge
Advocate, opened the case with evi
dence for the Government. Among the
witnesses examined were Colonel Wil
liam I* Pitcher, Lieutenant Thomas J.
Rodgers, Captain John J. O'Connell and
Dr. Titus. 'All of their testimony tend
ed to establish the fact that a breach
of arrest had been committed by Lieu
tenant Aiken. From the general tes
timony offered the facts were deduced
that the defendant, after he had been
placed in arrest for three days, had
sent word to his commanding officer
asking for information as to the exact
status of his arrest. It appears that
he was informed that his arrest com
pelled him to remain inside of his quar
ters, except that he was permitted to
go to the mess hall for his meals. These
orders, however, he did not obey, and
he was found outside of the post. This
was reported by two soldiers of his
regiment. At-the conclusion of the tes
timony the court adjourned; to meet
Friday morning at 10 o'clock, when
Lieutenant Aiken will bring forward
testimony in his own behalf. It is un
derstood that he .will claim that his
disobedience of orders was caused by
his mental .condition. That at the
time he was accused of breach of ar
rest he was verging on a state of
mental collapse superinduced by the
use of intoxicants.
All these stories will be told the
guests in the future, but the picture
will be impressed upon their faculties
that the Fairmont Hotel was con
structed by a daughter in memory of
her father.. That,, in a nutshell, is the
final settlement of the Fair estate.
A deed was placed on record yes
terday in which Mrs. Theresa Oel
richs and Mrs. Virginia Vanderbilt
convey to Joseph Harvey the property
at the northwest corner of Sutter and
Devisadero streets running 40x100
feet, the consideration being given as
$10. The deed is signed by Virginia
Vanderbilt, both for herself and as
attorney-in-fact for her sister.
As guests stroll along the corridors
that are to be in that palatial hostelry
of the Pacific Coast, they .will be able
to look upon the reclaimed land
which James G. Fair took from the
bay when he had the advancement of
San Francisco in his mind's-eye.
In one sense there will be a finan
cial consideration as a contiuous mo
tive, but it will be a monument to the
man who made the'millions and inci
dentally to the daughter who hopes to
perpetuate her father'" name.
Documents have been recorded, as
stated in yesterday's Call, which show
that Mrs. Herman Oelrichs had agreed
to transfer to a syndicate of, San Fran
ciscans the property she received from
her father . and the interest divided
with her brother and sister, for. the
sum of $2,600,000.%
The average reader concluded that
Mrs. Oelrichs was about to abandon
San Francisco and. take the millions
derived from her father's property to
a different clime.
Such construction is - wrong. Mrs.
Oelrichs loves San Francisco. In fact,
she loves ¦ it to the extent of putting
almost the entire amount of the for
tune derived from, her, father and her
demised., brother's interest in the es
tate into the Fairmont Hotel, iwh'ch
is to be a landmark to the memory of
James G. Fair. •. • >
Whether Mrs. Oelrichs will receive
dollar for dollar, in her effort to per
petuate the name of her father re
mains for financial accountants to de
cide, but the fact is apparent that ev
ery, visitor to San Francisco, by boat
or train, will see the giant structure
standing out in bold, relief against the
hills to the west and! will inquire.
Tobin & Tobin are attorneys for
Mrs. Oelrichs. Knight & Hegarty
have acted for Mrs. Vanderbilt, who
was Birdie Fair, and in one instance
there has been an understanding be
tween the members of the bar.
The late United States Senator
James G. Fair, who made the Corn
stock, mine famous; ¦ who invested in
outlying property in San Francisco,
and who died a multi-millionaire, is to
be honored by a : monument.
Defense. Will Claim Diso
bedience of Commands Due
to Aberration of Mind
Future Guests Will Know
Why Great Structure Is
on Site/ of - Old Homestead
CAUSES FOR SELLING
MAY MEAN; DISMISSAL
Young Lieutenant Accused
• of Breach of Arrest Is
Now Before Court-Martial
Fairmont Hotel Will Be
Monument to Man Who
Made Comstock Famous
AIKEN TRIAL
COMMENCES
MRS. OELRICHS
HONORS EITHER
STEPHEN
SUCCEEDS
BRACKETT
THE SAN FRANCISCO j CALL, THURSDAY. -MAY 12, .1904.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIANOS
GIVEN AWAY
FREE
More Pianos for the ask-
ing. We have just received
from our San Jose Store
eight second-hand square
P i a nos—a 1 1 s ta n d a r d
makes. .We value: the
space more than the
Pianos.
few Curtaz sSon
(6 O'FARRCLL ST.. S. F.
' Pifcoot. Hutica.2 InstnuneBts, Shett iiusla '
- .' -
_ AjDVEKTISZIIESTS.
39 STOCKXOX STEEST,
Telephone Haia 6522.
TVe ar» fully prepared to get up your
outlnj or quick lunch party delicacies at
a moment's notice.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS
Creamery Batter, per square. .32Hc
Made from sweetest cream at the clean-
est creameries. Rear. 33c.
Fancy Ranch E??s, per dos.....2-Hc
The very best. Reg. 25c.
Vlanaa and English Sausage, per
tin 10c
Doz. $1.10
Armour's famous lunch sausage.
Peaches and Apricots, 2 cana..25c
Rec. 3 for 6Oc.
Selected fruit In heavy syrup.
Canned Tomatoes, per dos OOc
. Hesperian brand. Reg. 10c can.
Canned Salmon, per can lOe
Blood red. Key. loc.
Costa Bica Coffee, per Ib 20c
Cheap and good. Re«r. 25e.
Corn Heal, white or yellow. In
10-lh sacks 25c
R»g. 33c
Graham Rye or Whole Wheat Flour.
Peerless Icecream rreezers—
1-qt. 2-qt. 3-qt. 4-qt. »-qt.
Special .51..-5.-. . Sl.TO. <1. !»r.. f^^.t $2.SO
Reg. $1.70 $2.20 $2.60 $2.95 $3.75
Bock Salt, 50-lb sacks 23c
For your new Ice cream freezer.
Ideal Flavoring 1 X^tracts, 4-os:
bottle 2Oc
Lemon. Vanilla. Raspberry. Strawb«5rry.
Orange. PmeaDDle. Almond. Res. 23c.
Family Bourbon, per bottle (>Oc
Gallon 82.50
Rfg. 75c and %i.
Splendid value at this popular figure.
Bye Whiskey, full quarts 90c
Our fine old Rye. Reg. $1.25
Zlnfaadel — Reislinjr — Per gal 6Oc
• "Well a«red wines. Reg 73c.
Iiemp's Beer — Quarts, per doz^<2.15
Pints, per doz .T$H.4O
Reg. ?2.35 and $1U
j To keep cool this hot weather.
Pale babies become rosy and
pretty babies when fed on
Mellin's Food. Mellin's Food
strengthens.
70 beautifully printed pages of helpful hints
about "The Care and Feeding of Infants,"
bound in cloth, will be sent you free if you
ask for it.
MELL1NS FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS."
$200 Reward
For th* arrest and conviction of any ©n»
assaulting members or employes of th!a
association or destroying PTOnerty b#lon£-
tn: to them.
}
IciTIZE^S ALLUMCel
Report promptly to the Lavr Departinsat.
CttUena' Alliance. 217 Crossley buitdlag.
w EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
CITIZENS- AIJJANCB.
___JggWMjgUl-LK iVD; SOX .
Kcanj a»4 Satter Sts. |H^
Store Opens 8:30 fl.M.; Closes 5:30 P.M.
Some Special Values for
To-morrow = Friday, May 1 3
We will offer such unusual values to-morrow that it will repay the
investigation «f alJ who wish to anticipate their summer wants.
FRIDAY'S SPECIAL IN
Ladies' Black Lisle Hosiery
3Oc • P«ir For Regular 5Oo Quality
(Main Aisle Ke*rny St.)
This is an entirely new lot of Hosiery which we shall place on
special sale for to-morrow only. They are exceptionally fine
quality Imported Black Lisle Thread, in rembrandt
ribbed, with double soles, heels and toes— the kind Xlj^
that always sell at $oc pair — sale price..............
Towel Specials— Friday
(Second Flow Kearay St.)
If you have need of Towels, it will pay you to take ad-
vantage of this offer. We have determined to give our cus-
tomers to-morrow some great values:
Hemstitched Bleached Linen Huck- Extra heavy Bleached Linen Huck-
aback Towels, size 18x36-^ aback Towels, size 20x40,
stron* "»d durable, worth -|r* with rcd or white borders; *<s
25c each, sale price Friday YSC. real value 30c each— Sal- /-/(*
enly • AUV price, Friday only """
PRICE REDUCTION // FRIDAY
In Ladies' Neckwear
(First Floor Kearny St.)
Marvelous reductions have been made in Ladies' Summer
Neckwear, comprising Collar and Cuff Sets, Stocks and Turn-
over Collars — many are all white, others in pretty Persian
colorings, in both hemstitched and embroidered — the entire
lot on sale, Friday, at the following closing-out prices :
25c Neckwear on Sale at 10c
35c Neckwear on Sale at 15c
Read's Lansdowne $1.00 Yard
FOR. FRIDAY ONLY
(First Floor Ke«ruy St.)
As a great special for to-morrow we offer about seventy-five pieces of
Read's Genuine Lansdowne — an exquisite Silk and»Wool fabric,
specially adapted for Summer Shirt Waist Suits— 41 inches d»| nn
wide— over 20 popular ..olors to choose from, sold every where. Ik I II II
at I1.50 yard — Priced for Friday enly at v v
Belt Pins, 1 5c Each
Special for Friday Only
(First Floor Sutter St.) ,
A manufacturer offered us his entire stock at such a liberal price con-
cession that we could not resist. They are large, oval shaped Belt
Pins, the kind worn on the belt instead of buckles— come in
pretty gray finish silver effects, in a great variety of classical -jr_
head' designs— regular 25c and 35c values, on sale Friday while !*)£
quantity lasts, each * vw
Ktil Crteri RiciiiB Prempt Attention — Stmplit sent to anj Address.
MARKS BBOS.
WRAPPERS
That's the Leader in
To-Day *s Big Sale.
There are equal values - in all De-
partments. Don't fall to tee them.
ALWAYS SOLD FOB 75c. CC[C
TO-BAY . . . . . -J -J
This serviceable Percale WRAPPER as
pictured is tastily trimmed with novelty
braid. Cut extra full and wide. A large
assortment of pleasing: patterns to • select
from in all the desirable colors. .This
Wrapper will give you good wear.
ALWAYS SOLD FOB $1.25. Q RC
TO-DAY. .....•• -.- • • • .••*-• -*
When -we say this is a $1 25 WRAPPER
:¦ you can ' rely upon it. This .Wrapper i as
t pictured jIs made .from' a: fine quality -of
percale in Persian striped designs. - Hand-
somely styled. Pointed bertba; extra full
< sleeves ¦ and ; soft - turnover' collar, • trimmed '
;ln fancy braid. -Deep, flounce. -
BIO SALE OF LACES-LESS THAN OWi-HALl 1 .
¦ For dressmakers * milliners. " for • the pub- ;
- He ' at , large. '. this Lace ; Sale ' will ; be the
Money-Saving Lace i Sale of the 'Tear. Such
"values only to he found at Marks- Bros.'
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Valuei.
1220-1332-1224 ' Marlcet Bt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" Promoted .by ' v
s Shampoos; of
And light dressings
orGUTICURA,the
great Skin Cure and
sweetest of emollients.
This treatment at once
stops falling hair, removes
crusts, s'cales, /and . dandruff/
destroys hair parasites,
' soothes irritated, Etching sur-
faces, stimulates the- hair fol-
licles, loosens the scalp skin,
supplies the roots with energy
and nourishment and ,makes
the hair grow, upon a .sweet,
wholesome, healthy scalp,
when all else fails.
N. B. Complete . External and Internal
Treatment for every Humor: from Pimplei'to
Scrofula, from Infancy : to Age, consisting of
CUTICUR A Soap, Ointment,' and Pills," may
now be had of all Druggist* for One Dollar.
Gold throughout the world. - Cutieum 8otp, 35c, Oint-
ment, 80c., ReiolTrat, S0c (in form of ChocoUte Coited
PUli, 2Jc. per *ltl of SO).. Depot! : London, 27 Ch«rter-
kouw Sq. ; Pirli, 6 Rue At la Ttiz ; Boston, 137 Columbul
At*. Potter Drug fc Ch*m. Corp., Sole Proprietor!.
tO" 8ena tor " now to Pruerre, rurif j tod Beautify
taaSkla, Sc.Ip, Btir and H»Ddi." - ¦ . : . -¦« .
- . MALE'S.
HALE'S. I xx T±Zl
birthday cake to-day — short hours. Open \Sfe>**^3«i5^^
at 9 and close at 6 every day. It meant a
good deal to sav that and do it two years C-3
ago. We stood out aJi alone. We knew deal a
we'd have fresher, better help. We knew that trading was a B" ha9
matter of habit, and that women would get used to the new waj.
proven us right. ________ — — —
Great Time To-Morror,^- Jubilee Day.
Percales==No One Should
Miss To=Day==10c
Factory ends — up to 20 yards each.
Maybe 75 different patterns and colorings — staple ideas.
But it's the quality we are proudest of and that makes the bar S^"
so extra— it never sells regularly under 12 %c, usually more. • lo-day 10c
Of course we'll cut. them for you in any length.
Come to the Jubilee To-Morrozv.
Decorated Dinnerware
Of special anniversary interest this morning.
20c — Meat platters, fine semi-porcelain, with floral, gilt tracings, fancy
shapes; value 45c. . _ .
20c— Salad or berry bowls; those large 8 in. ones; tinted and with floral
sprays. Best grade semi-porcelain; usually sold at 45c-
13c — Sandwich trays. Carlsbad china, oblong shapes, tinted, floral
sprays and with fancy scalloped edges; regular 30c value.
But the one item above all others just now is this 44-piece COT-
TAGE SET, $3.33; best grade semi-porcelain in plain white with neat
embossed designs; just enough pieces for light housekeeping or to take
camping. . .
White Teacups and Saucers GSc Dozen
We don't know where else you can get them under $r.io, and even tt
you paid that price you could get r.o better quality. So who doesn't
want to share in such an offer?
To-Morrozv Jubilee Day. Sample Portieres.
2 — \ Couch and Table Covers
The Newest In Tapestries.
Shirt Waist Sets 25c or rU T^
Some are oxidized. \ ¦ morning.
Some are silver gray. m o ,..|,, U^lf Priro <1 AS
Some gold-plated; even a few of Near IV Halt YX\Ce — M.63
them are pearl — the cleverest sum- Reds and greens as well as some
mer novelties we have seen and all e ry^s V^?n^U\^i A l
of them at 25c. T. hat s where the heavy knotted overthrow fringe. They
Anniversary spirit shows itself. make splendid hangings for single
Chatelaine tablets in oxidized, with chain -^° r ft s or couch coverings. $2.30 and
and class, that you can wear on the 5300 regular prices. The anniversary
belt. 23c. . price, $1.65.
Car fare holders with a chain, gun metal "
Men's silk, watch fob*, jrold plated swivel 5^C_WJ__'^^ J _. rT^^ •$' 1 - :m^ Oh — =»»
and rinir with which to fasten on a 5 /?*/ /?f/A *^4^p^.
To-Morrozv Ju bike Day. --^^^!£9J^2SSS>^