Continued on Page ' 2, Column 6.
LA CROSSE, Wis., May 6. — Oscar
Millard, a clam fisher, to-day captured
a strange animal in the Mississippi
River near here. The creature is the
size of, and much resembles, a small
dog.' It has a long silk-like ear. head
and face like, a walrus, six webbed feet
and a fish -like tail. It makes noise
much like the bark of a dog. It has
been examined by local scientists, but
no one Is able to identify 'ita ap«cies.
Creature That Resembles Doj, Wai*
ma and Fish Is .Discovered by
a Clam Fisher.
FINDS.STRAXGE ANIMAL
IX THE 3IISSISSIPFI
~ EVERY DEFENDER MAY DIE.
Lieutenant General Stoessel will have
supreme command at Port Arthur.^He
is described as a high-class command
er. His recent proclamations show
that- he Vis -'Imbued with a determina
tion, to: hold Port Arthur until the last
man is. killed.
Officers of the general staff say that
the J landing of the Japanese army on
the" peninsula and the investment of
Port Arthur clarify the military situa
tion and the problem . which General
Kurdpatkin must solve. Had Kuropat-
'While the outer, line of fortifications
extends to Kinchow, - unquestionably no
determined effort will be made to hold
them, nor Is it expected that a des
perate, attempt to retain Dalny . will
be . made.". The main defense will be of
Port Arthur,- where, since the harbor
has been occupied by the Russians,
steady-work has progressed to com
plete, the. system of defense, which 'ia
just as effective on the land as on the
seaside. - . '<» - ''•'.
Ten thousand, men were put ashore
Thursday, and , the debarkation; was
proceeding yesterday at the time that
communication ceased. It is believed
that' there are more than 20.000 men
now. on land -preparing for a forward
movement' • '
Two Japanese regiments were hur
ried -westward ; yesterday morning:" to
cut the : railroad and telegraph commu
nication. * One , of these, it is said, fired
on a train conveying .wounded from
PortArthurv / ,
While 'the landing r was! proceeding on
Thursday' the"' Japanese* battleships
TEX THOUSAND LAXDED.
ing. to land immediately under the in
trenched position, from the Rus
sians could inflict severe injury on
them.
Complete details of the landing are
lacking, owing to the interruption of
communication..'. No resistance was
made, the few Cossacks who observed
the movement retiring when. the war
ships shelled the shore preparatory to
debarkation. . . ,;' , ¦ *
; The ; strength^ of :the" garrison fat^Port
Arthur is'^f hot > revealed ' by"' the 'authori*
Mikasa, Hatsuse, Shikiehima, Yashima
and Fuji and .the cruisers . Iwate,
Idsumo,. Adsuma' and Asamao made a
demonstration off- Port-,- Arthur to pre
vent the possible egress of Russian
torpedo-boats. A* number of Japanese
torpedo-boats 'were • also' observed 'off
Pigeon; Bay. . ; . : ; / :
It was : because, he was convinced that
Port Arthur/ was about ., to , be cut ; off
that Viceroy^ Alexieff, j accompanied by
his. staff" and \ Grand Duke . Boris,.- left
hastily., | On | Thursday _ several ; ¦¦; train
loads of sick and wounded and other, in-',
effectives -were . dispatched • northward.
It is reported that the Japanese; ships
bombarded Port the
morning fof 'May." 6 -and succeeded,"/ at
last, In closing; up the "entrance, butno
official confirmation > of , : the i blocking
report 'can- be"- 1 obtained. '-¦ The \exact
hour at which communication' with -,the
Russian' stronghold; ceased ' ; has-- not
been established.; ;.' ¦ . ¦>; V i
FORCE AT'PORT "ARTHUR^
ties, „ who .will only say that it. Is ade
quate for defensive purposes. -It is not
believed that the force there exceds
10,000 soldiers.' A -large force is. not. re-'
garded ' as -¦ necessary,- as . was shown
from the recent -withdrawal of some, of
the troops, who were simply a drain on
the resources of the garrison.' The fleet
;must : now, :take; a! secondary position,
and the sailors will be used'to man the
shore guns if necessary. . . ¦> . . .
,: Vice . Admiral. Skrydloff and Vice Ad
miral Bezobrazoff ¦ cannot now. reach
Port; Arthur and jrlll probably go to
Vladivostok . to "'join the cruiser squad
ron there. Rear, : Admiral Wittsoeft,
who was" left In charge of the '• fleet* by
Viceroy Alexieff, will , direct 'operations
at" Port; Arthur. Wittscaft ' Is . a ; good
officer : and it'is believed ' he will render
excellent' service.' ¦ .•"„•;
' • Despite. thV greater number of Japan
ese, the general staff believes that their,
formidable fortifications still • leave 'the*
defensive-.-; superiority, ywith & the .:'¦ Rus
sians, •'.; whose .. staying; qualities. ' It . is'
confident, 'will [insure their holding out
as -longlas* necessary.-; ; ¦"¦¦ !'•.,',
ST. PETERSBURG, May 7, 2:28 a. m.
Japanese troops swarming across the
narrow neck. of the Liaotung Peninsula,
the railroad and telegraphic communi
cations cut and Port Arthur isolated
and left to its own resources are condi
tions which the Russians seem to ac
cept with great stoicism.
These events have been anticipated
since the outbreak of the war, and the
authorities in a sense appear to be re
lieved now that the blow has fallen.'
They assert that* the fortress is im
pregnable and amply, provisioned to
stand a siege for a year, and that it
can hold out until the time comes to re
lieve It. . — ?>'- : :':-^':..'-'.' ' ' ¦ . '¦¦¦ .
According to official information the
landing of troops from sixty, transports
began simultaneously at PltseVo and
Cape Terminal on the morning: of May
5. It is also reported that' troops are
landing at Kinchow, but this »i3 not
credited, as the -Russians are known; to
have fortifications there and- it is not
believed that the Japanese had the dar-
WASHINGTON. May 6. — The Acre
"dispute, supposed to have been ad
justed, has broken out again and a
crisis" is threatened. Ordinarily a con
troversy between three nations — Bra
y:il, Peru and Bolivia — for the owner
ship of a large triangular tract of rub
ber lands, situated where the three
countries adjoin, Bolivia was elimin
ated* by an agreement satisfactory to
her and it was supposed that Peru's
ctaim also had been met It appears,
however, that Peruvian troops remain
•in the territory claimed by Brazil and
•to. day Minister Thompson cabled the
t-'tate Department from Rio as fol
•lows:
**'If Peru refuses to withdraw troops
from the disputed territory inhabited
by Brazilians, pending negotiations
which «re to be followed, if necessary,
'by arbitration. Brazil will immediate
ly resort to force to expel the Peru
vians and will proceed to reprisals."
In official circles apprehension is felt
ts to the outcome of the sharp clash
between Brazil and Peru growing out
of the dispute over the territories lying
in the valleys of the Alto Jura and Alto
I'urus.
The Brazilian legation has made the
following statement:
. "The assertion of right made by'Bra
zil over the territories claimed by Peru
hs not a fact of to-day. This right is
a long-standing one and was. besides,
• recognized by Peru herself in the treaty
of 1831, which settled the boundary
"question between the two countries.
1 he title is now as valid as it was on
the occasion of that treaty. Now, as
then, it is the principle adopted by
Peru, as well as by the other South
American republics for the settlement
of their boundaries with Brazil, name
ly, the principle of the uti possidetis, a
•principle which in the case in question
is the exact application of the rule es
tablished by Pinckney and Monroe in
the. note of- April 20, 1805, and conse
crated by Phillimore and Hall/*
SEOUL, May 6., 2:30 p. m.-- A dispatch from Antung says that it is rumored there that the
Japanese captured .Fengwangcherig May 4, after fierce fighting, and that the losses on both
sides were very heavy.
ST. PETERSBURG, . May 6.(10:05 p. m.) — A dispatch received to-night says that Port Arthur is cut off from all communication by land, the Japanese
having debarked in its rear, occupied the railroad and cut the telegraph. -Vice Admiral Skrydloff, who is -en route to Port Arthur to take command of the naval
forces in the Far East, will be unable to reach his destination. Viceroy Alexieff has arrived, safely at Mukden.
The Ministry, of War has . received the following telegram from Major 'General Pflufc, chief of the military staff :
"According to the information I have received seven of the enemy's transports— and. afterward about forty — appeared opposite. Pitzewo on the evening
of May 4. On the morning of May. 5 the Japanese began to land at Pitzewo and on .the coast, near Cape Terminal" (about fifteen miles southwest of Pitzewo)
under cover of artillery fire. At this moment about sixty transports were, observed bearing down -upon the whole front, and our posts retired from the shore. All
papers in the postoffice at Pitzewo were removed, and the Russian inhabitants abandoned the town. \ - ' -
"According to Chinese reports, by evening of May 5 about 10,000 of the enemy's troops had -landed and taken, up quarters in the Chinese villages near
the points of debarkation. The enemy sent two columns of about one regiment each, one in' a_i westerly direction. and the: other to the southward.
"A passenger train from Port* Arthur was fired on a mile .and a quarter oiitsjde Polandien (about forty miles north of Port Arthur) by a hun
dred Japanese infantry occupying the heights east of the railway. The train carried •many passengers, 200 sick occupying the ambulance carriages flying Red Cross
flags. Two of the sick were" wounded. The train succeeded in reaching Polandien. Tranquillity prevails in the maritime province and in Yin Kow."
FRESNO, May 6. — Three days ago
five highbinders from Bakersfleld
came to this city and one of them
called upon Wong Wo Chong. one of
the oldest merchants in Chinatown,
and demanded $1000. The demand
was refused and • the highbinder
threatened to kill Wong Wo Chong,
who became frightened and called
thirty of his friends to his house and
armed them to the teeth. This morn
ing at 4 o'clock the highbinders fired
five shots into the back of the mer
chant's house to show that they meant
business. A meeting of all the mer
chants in Chinatown was held tp-day
and it was decided to turn the case
over to the police. Officers are now
searching for the highbinders.
Fire Fire Shots Into House When He
Refuses to Submit to Betas
Blackmailed.
HIGHBINDERS THREATEN
TO KILIi CHINESE MERCHANT
Acre Dispute Threatens to
Involve Two Soutli Ameri
-can Republics in War
ACTS OF PERU
ARE ANNOYING
Russian Stronghold Is Now Cut Off From All Communication by Land.
Rumored Capture of Fengwangcheng After Fierce Battle.
Kaiser Overrules His Chief Official
2nd Rivals of Von Eulow Are
in the Ascendency.
The general staff Is at loggerheads
and the air is full of Intrigue. The ut
niost pessimism prevails in official cir
cles with reference to the West African
•situation. The Hereros are proving
Ftubborn enemies, outbreaks of other
tribes are reported as imminent and
th" Raiser's dream of a German colo
nial empire has received a blow from
svhich it will take a long time to re
cover.
. "Count Haezler's latest triumph is the
cpPjCrtHttne^fof "tJeheraT vonTrbtha as
.commander in chief in West Africa.
Count von Bulow, as well as General
von -Einen. Minister of War, opposed
•the deduction of Colonel Leutwein,
Governor of the colony, to the status
cr£a : mere civil authority. The unex
pected seriousness of the Herero rebel
lion has provoked an ugly departmental
FQuabLle in the foreign, war and colo
nial forces.
..BEPJ..IN, May €.— Circumstantial re
ports are being: circulated to the effect
that a coolness has arisen between the
'Kaiser and Chancellor von Bulow over
the Hcrero rebellion in West Africa.
,The Chancellor, it is said, is irritated
•by the increasing influence of Count
Huelsen-Haezler, chief of the Em
peror's military cabinet, in whose favor
It is alleged the Kaiser has overruled
:the Chancellor on several recent occa
eions.
Bpfdh.1 Cable to The CaJl and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1904. bv the New York
» Herald Publishing Company.
During the recent Boxer troubles in
China, the Dowager Empress came to
the conclusion that her army was not
up to the standard of other civilized
nations, and of all the countries in the
world she decided that the United
States had the most efficient troops. A
general reform of the Chinese army
was decided upon, and agents were sent
to America to enlist enough soldiers to
officer the entire Chinese army.
Headquarters of the Chinese imperial
reform army were established in Yank
ton, S. D., several months ago, and
Edmund F. English, an army captain,
is said to have been given a commis
sion as brigadier general in the Chinese
army and placed in charge of the re
cruiting office.
A secret agency for securing enlist
ments, it is understood, was long ago
established in Louisville, and up to
the present time the following men
have been slated for good offices in the
imperial army of China: Captain Clar
ence E. Grinstead, a captain of the
legion, will be a colonel; Captain
George D. Lee will be made a major;
Captain J. R. Clements of C company,
artillery, will be made a captain; Cap
tain "Wallace Morris of Company F will
be a captain; Clarence B. Jeffries, sec
ond lieutenant of artillery; Charles C.
McMahon, first lieutenant of 'the quar
termaster's department; Wolsey M.
Caye. second lieutenant of infantry; R.
W. Richardson, second lieutenant of in
fantry; James H. Con way, captain of
infantry; Edmund T. Meriwether. sec
ond lieutenant of light infantry; H. M.
Lawson, captain of artillery; Thomas
W. Beard and David »M. Baird will both
be made second lieutenants.
In Chicago, Cleveland, Cincinnati. In
dianapolis, and, in fact, all the cities
of any size in the central West, agents
are working assiduously.
a few days, it is understood, several
of them will arrive in Louisville with
the commissions of fourteen or fifteen
well-known citizens'" who have signed
for service. -. '"' ¦.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. May 6.— It is re
liably reported that agents from China
have been in this country for the last
two months quietly securing enlist
ments from soldiers of the United
States for three years* service with
the Chinese reform army, and within
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Profitable Positions Declared to Ba at
the Disposal .of Emissaries
of the Empress.
Oflicers' Commissions Are
Said to Have Been
Distributed. I
Discontent and Intrigue
Disturb the Peace
in Berlin.
Reform Army Agents
Busy in Tills
Country.
;West Africa Trouble
" Excites German
Cabinet. .
AMERICANS
WILL SERVE
IN CHINA
EMPEROR
MAY OUST
CHANCELLOR
JAPANESE ARMY ADVANCING
TO LAY SIEGE TO PORT ARTHUR
VOLUME XCV— NO. 159.
roreca*t mad* at San Pran-
Cisco _ for tWrty hour* 'eafliar
.midniariit. aoiy yp**£%
San rruicisco and vicinity—
Pair Saturday; fresh werterly
wiade. A. O. McADEE.
District Per ©caster.
THS WE A.TKEB. ,
Alc*2*r—"Th8 ProflUrat*."
Alhambra — Seiabricli Concert.
'(Matinee Only.)
Calif oral* — "Tom'i Weddlaar
out."
Central — "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyfl*." .
Chuto — "Vaudrrille. ./,
Columbia — "Bofftrs Brothers ia
Iionlon."
Grand — "l,a Tosca."
Orpaenm — Vaudavilla. -
Tlroll— ""Wben Johnny Cornea
Marchiae Home."
Matinees at AU Theater* To-Day.
, the TggAtreas.
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, ;MAY 7, y 190£
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VIEW OF a HE LIAOTUNG PENINSULA, SHOWING GROUND OVER WHICH ARMIES ARE FIGHTING.tional "Tht in the Chicago courts.
SAN DIEGO, May 6.- — There was a
wedding In the Aryan Temple at the
Point Loma homestead this evening,
the contracting parties being- Mrs.
Grace Bohn (nee Green) and J.
F. . Knoche. formerly of Kansas City.
Both have long beep students in the
TheoBophScal community. Mrs. Bohn's
first husband securdd a divorce from
her about a year ago after a sensa-
Wed in the Aryan Temple.
STOCKTON, May 6.— The city enu
merators /appointed to take the school
census have reported that within the
past year. Stockton has gained 570 in
population, it has built seventy-six new
residences, fifteen new business build-
Ings and one high school, the value of
the new structures being $608,000.
Stockton Gains in Population.
LISBON, May: S.-^The German' mail
steamship 'VKurfufst, which went
ashore four miles northward of Sa
gr'es, in the extreme southwestern part
of Portugal, is a total wreck. • Her
passengers and crew are safe. ' '
STEAMSHIP KURFURST v :
IS A TOTAL WRECK
. WASHINGTON,. May. 6-— George
Hiries Gorman, a' special attorney for
Well-Known Attorney Dies.
, LANCASTER; Pa., May 8.— Rev.
Samuel Vogel Gerhart, :D. D., LL. ; D.;
president of ; the .Theological' Seminary
of the Reformed Church of the United
States.died to-day, aged 87 years.
Rev. Samuel d'erharl Dead.
; SAN JOSE, May 6.— Joseph Mortier,
a pioneer erf California and for the past
years a resident of Mountain
View, died last evening in ; this city.
He was a: native of -¦: France and 65
years' of age. Deceased came to Cali
fornia in the ' early " 50s and for a" num
! ber of years resided at Livermore. He
was the inventor of the Mortier ladder,
which was' greatly used, some 'years
ago.V A : sc-n and daughter survive
hirri.X ; ¦• ' - *¦¦•;. v '->--> :
Another Pioneer Passes Away.
LONDON, May 6.— The Mail's Simla
correspondent says that 800 Tibetans,
coming from the direction of Shigatze,
attacked the British mission^, at
Gyangtse at dawn on April 5. The
Tibetans were repulsed . with lieavy
losses and fled. The British loss was
two Sepoys wounded.
TIBETANS ATTACK • 1
THE BRITISH MISSION
Former San Franciscan Kills Himself .
AUBURN. May 6.— E. P. Gates, son
of Justin. P. Gates of San Francisco,
shot himself this' evening at Applegate.
The young man was in the"last stages
of •jbnRumption and had been a great
sufferer. He and his family came to
Auburn about t two years ago for Gates'
health. 5 The funeral will be held in
San Francisco. , .
RENO. May 6. — Matilda Shaw to
day..filed a suit asking for damages in
the sum of SI 1.000 from John W.
Storer for breach of promise. The
plaintiff until a few months ago made
her home at San Francisco and Is
quite well known there. Storer is one
of the proprietors of the Palace, the
largest gambling house in Nevada.
The plaintiff alleges that Storer prom
ised to marry her and has since re
fused to do so. She had been living
in Tononah of late, but came here to
day to commence the suit
Asks for $11,000 Damages, Alleging
That Defendant Failed to Keep
Promise to Marry Her.
MATILDA SHAW FILES SUIT
AGAINST JOHN W. STOREIt
LOS ANGELES, May. 6. — Jacob E.
Waldeck, manager of the Casino The
ater, and formerly treasurer of the
Orpheum, died to-night, ' aged 44
yea^rs. A week ago Waldeck broke
down mentally under the strain of
business troubles and wandered away.
He 'was found Sunday night in a lone
ly canyon, ; nearly dead from hunger
and exposure. Waldeck was in the
wholesale mercantile business in San
Francisco until fifteen years ago,. when
he came -here. He leaves a**w.lf e . and
three children. "
Death qt a Theatrical Manager.
I»ro«i>rr-tor K Burned to Death.
CHINESE CAMP. May 6.— Alfred
Rockv.-ell, an old prospector, who re
sided across the Tuolumae River from
the village of Jacksonville, four rniles
from here, was cremated In his cabin
to-day. How the fire originated will
always remain a mystery. Rockwell
lived ah/ne and was known to be de
pendent on his neighbors for support.
He was a native cf England, aged
about 75 years. He had resided rn this
county for thirty years.
* STOCKTON, May 6.— Willie tfumelty,
son of D. Tumelty arid a brother of City
Surveyor Tumelty, was drowned in the
San Joaquin River at Tretheway Land
ing, five miles below this city, this
afternoon by the capsizing of a boat in
which v he and his brother Hugh had
gone out to assist in raising the anchor
of a pile driver.
Boy Is /Accidentally Drowned.
POSEN, Prussia, ' May 6. — Warsaw
newspapers say that 200 persons were
arrested and one student kilted in the
streets on M*.y 3, the anniversary of
the promulgation of the Polish con
stitution.
Chief of Police Likhaeheff has been
dismissed for ir.competency because of
the disturbances. Polish secret or
ganizations have -recently been show
ing great activity.
MANY RIOTERS ARE
ARRESTED IN WARSAW
Arthur Stone, foreman of the Bunker
Hill mine at Amador City, was killed
yesterday by being struck by a timber
that fell down the shaft. — _
3ACKSOX. May 6.— The strike at the
Fremont Consolidated mine has been
settled. The union men have accepted
the terms offered by Superintendent
GoodaM. and ell qf them wjll be taken
back on the same terms as to hours
and wages as prevailed before the
strike.
Strike at Fremont Is Settled.
OAKLAND, May 6. — John H. Ba
ker, for nearly twenty years a special
officer in this city, died at his home,
1375 Eleventh street, this evening.
Death was due to dropsy and heart
failure. Baker's father at one time
owned what is known as Bakers
Beach In San Francisco, but lost it
through litigation. The special of
ficer came with his father to the coast
in the early '50's and waa 61 years
of age. He leaves a wife, Mrs. Eliz
abeth Baker, and four sons, John H.,
George, Adam and David Baker, and
three daughters, Katherine and Emma
Baker and Mrs. H. Remsen.
Aged Special Officer Dies.
BAKERSFIELD, May 6.— W. S. Mor
ton, one cf the best known oil ope
rators in the Kern' River fields, his wife
and sister-in-law, Mrs. Iver, and Iline
Chase, a ten-year-old girl, are in a very
dangerous condition at the Grand Ho
tel as the result of eating castor beans.
Yesterday afternoon while they were
at the oil fields the child found some
beans, tasted them and declared they
were good. The others tried them,
liked their taste and ate about a dozen
each. Before they reached home they
were seized with severe pains in the
stomach and vomiting. Physicians
worked on them all night and all day
to-day, so that to-night they are some
what improved and hopes are expressed
that most of them at least will recover.
Physicians Who Are Attending the
Sufferers Express Hope That Most
of Them Will 'Recover.
FAMILY IS POISONED
BY EATING CASTOR BEANS
LOS ANGELES, May 6. — Mary
Catherine Sanger, mother of . Mrs.
George M. Pullman of Chicago, now
occupying a mansion on Grand ave
nue, Pasadena, died this morning of
heart disease. Mrs. -Pullman and her
mother came from Chicago early last
winter and Mrs. Sander was then. sick.
Mrs. Sanger was aged 86 and a native
of Pennsylvania. The remains will
be taken to Chicago. . ?¦:'/';'¦¦
YOSEMITE, May 6.— At noon to-day
tiie residence and photographic studio
of George W. Fiske, the pioneer pho-
Icerapher of the Yosemite, was burned
# to the ground. The negatives that
• Fiske had guarded for thirty years and
from which all the famous photographs
of the Yosemite have been taken were
destroyed. The loss will be very heavy
to both Fis-ke and the State.
Studio of George W. Fiske, Pioneer
Photographer of the Yosemite, Is
Burned to the Ground.
VALUABLE NEGATIVES
ARE DESTROYED BY FIRE
SAN DIEGO, May 6.— There was a
mass-meeting at the Isis Theater this
evening for the purpose of discussing
the Colorado River problem in its re
lation to irrigation and particularly to
the Imperial colony. Governor Pardee
was present and was warmly received.
The Governor's address was very brief.
He declared that the success or defeat
of irrigation means the life or death of
San Diegq County. William E. Smythe,
the principal speaker of the evening,
took the ground that the Government
should take over the Imperial system
and' operate it in connection with other
irrigation work* along; the Colorado.
Discusses the Colorado River Problem
and Its Relation to Irrigation' and
the Imperial Colony.
GOVERNOR ADDRESSES
MEETING AT SAN DIEGO
MRS. SANGER
PASSES AWAY
AT PASADENA
HARTFORD. Conn., May 6.— In one
of the stormiest gatherings the party
ever held in Connecticut the Demo
cratic State Convention to-day chose
fourteen delegates to the St. Louis
convention and instructed them to
vote as a unit for Alton B. Parker of
New York as the Presidential nom
inee. A climax came at the end of two
hours of angry debate between Hearst
and Parker delegates in which there
escaped by a hair's breadth being a
personal encounter in full view of the
convention between former Governor
Thomas M. Waller of New London and
Dr. F. J. Brothers of New Haven. The
question being detiated was the substi
tution of the minority report of the
committee on resolutions for the ma
jority report. The former report fa
vored an unpledged delegation, the lat
ter a pledge for Parker and the unit
rule. Personalities were bandied back
and forth, the attack on Governor Wal
ler accompanying charges that he had
deserted the party in 1S96. Much of
the actual debate between the chief
participants in the incident was un
heard in the uproar, but their actions
could be seen. They were forced al
most Into personal combat "by the del
egates crowding round! The incident
was quickly smoothed over. The mi
nority report was refused substitution,
366 to 186, showing that the Hearst del
egates were outnumbered.
For first delegate at large Homer S.
Cummins defeated Alexander S. Troop
by a vote of 331 to 127. /
Bryan F. Mahan was chosen as the
other. delegate at large by acclamation.
The convention then adjourned.
Democratic Convention One of the
1 Stormiest Known in State.
CONNECTICUT FOR PARKER.
SPOKANE. Wash.,* May 6. — Pretty
little 16-year-old Viola Fenn is about
to become the bride of James H.
Barkley, 40 years old, and V brother
of the girl's stepmother, who to-day
secured guardianship papers over the
child. When the application for
guardianship was presented the Judge
granted the petition after a few per
functory questions, the girl nodding
her head when asked if she was will
ing her stepmother should be her
guardian. Then the marriage license
was procured, the guardian giving
written consent. The child's mother
is dead and her father has not been
heard from in three years. Viola is
(undersized for her age. Her pros
pective husband looks his forty years.
He declines to be interviewed.
Mother of Child Is Dead and Her
Father Has Not Been Heard
From in Three Years.
YOUNG GIRL TO MARRY
BROTHER OF STEPMOTHER
•A-LTURAS. May 6.— Another whole
tale slaughter of sheep has taken place
in Lake County. Oregon, and 2300
sheep, the j property of S. Chandler,
have been put to death' by a half doz
en masked men. Rifles and knives
were used by the perpetrators of the
outrage. The killing was the outcome
of the long-existing quarrel between
the sheep and cattle men. The slaugh
ter toek rilace at Benjamin Lake, at
the edge of what is known as "the
.desert." No arrests have been made.
"Rifles and Knives Are Used by the
PerjHtrators of n Daring Crime in
JI ASK ED MEN SLAUGHTER
A LARGE BAND OF SHEEP
SAN DIEGO, May 6.— As a result of
the conference at Miramar last evening
regarding the relationship of the, San
Diego Biological Association and the
State University it was decided to in
corporate the association at once, and
that it shall be affiliated with the uni
versity for the first three years and
shall then become a part of it.
The association has funds for the
first three years' operations, and work
will begin hefe on May 16 on a biolog
ical and hydroRxaphic survey of the
waters of the Pacific Ocean adjacent
to this coast. A public aquaTium and
museum will be established.
Will Establish a Public Aquarium and
'Museum nt San Diego nnd Carry
on Important Surveys.
BIOLOGICAL ASSOCIATION
IS TO BE INCORPORATED
Traveling Salesman of Cleveland Ends
His Life in the Presence of.
Passengers.
ST. LOUIS, May 6.— In the presence
of a score of men and women, Paul
Moore, a traveling salesman of Cleve
land, Ohio, to-day shot and killed him
self in a street car at* the Intersection
of two of the' busiest thoroughfares in
the city. He was despondent.
SHOOTS HIMSELF ON
A CROWDED STREET CAR
POMONA,4 May\ 6.— Frederick. H.
Bristol; sdenuty sheriff, in the beet
sugar : town of Chlno in Pomona Val
ley, • was stabbed to death late last
night by a Mexican; Bristol. had been
threatened with assassination by a
band of lawless Mexicans who live in
the foothills south of Chino. The Mex
icans visited the town last night and
when Bristol attempted .to quell a row
8mong them one of the party, Fran
cisco Ortez, secreted himself near the
Southern Pacific -station, where he
awaited jj Bristol's advance. Without
warning Ortez sprang upon Bristol and
stabbed -him In the left temple and
through the. heart. -.
The .whole town. was roused by the
ringing of fire bells and a posse of
men and horses took after the fugi
tive murderer through the foothills in
to Riverside County. Had the murder
er been caugbJ^before dawn, when all
Chino was "criicdd .>with angfcr and ex
citement, he wmld- have, been lynched.
The rope was : on hand arid dozens of
men were ready for the work. Ortez
was not captured until noon to-day
and by that time Sheriff Ralphs had
arrived. He succeeded in dissuading
the pursuers from lynching their pris
oner. Ortez was taken to San Barnar
dino under strong guard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Springs Upon Victim and
Without Word o£Warning
Stalis Him in the Heart
LOS ANGELES, May 6.— The Tolice
Department has been asked to find
Vandal Griffith, the 14-year-old son of
Colonel Griffith J. Griffith, who recently
was convicted of assault v.-ith a deadly
weapon u!»on his wife and is now con
fined In the County Jail pending an
appeal of his case. The missing boy
has been living with his mother in thi3
city since ?he obtatned a divorce from
Colonel Griffith. Mrs. Griffith this
morning notified the Police Department
that her con had disappeared from her
home last evening and Fhe was unable
to learn anything regarding his where
abouts. She said she feared he had
been abducted.
Colonel Griffith when seen in his cell
at the County Jail was very much sur
prised and distressed to hear that his
son was mitring, and asked the police
to vse every means in their powjer to
¦find him.
MoOirr Iltlirvc-s That ChiM Has Been
Abducted Jiml Enlists Aid of Los
Ai«2flcs Police.
MJX OF COIjOXEL GRIFFITH
>l VSTKRIOUSLY DISAPPEARS
Owing to a sudden rise in the Hun
ton River seven horses connected with
the White Pass mail stage were
drowned at Yukon crossing and Driver
Burwash and four passengers barely
escaped with their lives. The river be
came Jammed with ice below the cross
ing in the canyon and rose twenty feet
in a few hours, flooding the low ground
around the road house. The people in
the road house awoke at daybreak with
water running into their bunks. By
great effort all in the road house were
saved by a canoe.
The Yukon and other .streams are
now impassable and the entire mall
service is demoralized. No more mails
will get through until the Yukon opens.
The river is higher that when the ice
broke last year, but still the ice re
mains solid here, although the river is
open for a long distance fifty miles be
low Dawson.
VANCOUVER. B. C, May 6.— A
special frc-m Dawson to the Province
says:
Horses Are Drowned at Yukon Cross
ing nnd Driver and Passengers
Barely Escape With Lives.
WHITE PASS MAIL STAGE
MEETS WITH DISASTER
LOS ANGELES, May 6.— The execu
tive committee of .the El Camino Real
organization, perfected at the recent
Santa .' : Barbara convention, held its
first meeting" to-day and appointed a
committee to perfect the work of local
organization throughout the. various
counties of v the "State. Chairman
Fleming ateo appointed eight vice pres
idents, who will assist in forwarding
the work of the organization. They are
Walter H. Bacon, Joseph R. Knowland,
Mrs. Caroline M. Severance, David
Starr Jordan, Bishop Joseph Johnson,
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Mrs.
John F. Swift and Right Rev. Arch^
bishop George Montgomery. A coni^
mittee on legislation was also named.
Eight Vice Presidents Are Named by
Chairman Fleming of the El
Caniino Real Organization.
WILL AID IN PERFECTING
WORK OF THE MOVEMENT
This action was taken for the purpose
of giving the Government cases against
Hays precedence, as they are consid
ered to be much stronger than the
State cases. The Government cases
charge embezzlement of public funds
and falsification of the records of a
national bank. Hays was immediately
rearrested by Deputy United States
Marshal P. M. Coburn and taken to
Los Angeles for arraignment in the
Federal court. He subsequently se
cured his release on bail pending trial.
RIVERSIDE, May 6.— The State cases
against former Cashier H. T. Hays of
the Orange Growers' National Bank,
who is now held on charges of embez
zlement, were dismissed in the Supe
rior Court here this morning on condi
tion that new warrants be issued and
placed in the hands of the District At
torney for immediate service in the
event of Hays' acquittal by the United
States court.
Defunct Rank Are Dismissed in
the Superior Court.
State Cases Against Former Cashier of
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
IS TO PROSECUTE HAYS
MEXICAN KILLS
DEPUTY SHERIFF
"Against this extraordinary expense
we may have certain economics, name
ly $30,000,000 on the ordinary budget;
$27,500,000 on. the extraordinary budget
% PARIS, May 6.— An authoritative
statement was given to the Associated
Press frpm the highest Government
source concerning the details and cir
cumstances of the new. .Russian loan,
as follows:
"The situation ¦ has been much
changed since your interview with M.
Mleczislas de Routkowsky, the Russian
financial agent in London, April 23.
The conditions to-day on which the
loan is based are as follows: .
'"The cost of .the war for the first
five months up to June 1, including
$22,500,000 for railroad equipment, is
$125,000,000. After June 1 the monthly
cost of the war will be $3,500,000 for
the navy and $15,000,000 for the army at
the front, making the total war ex
penses about $245,000,000 for the year
closing January 1 next. The first part
of the war was more expensive thaji
the latter, owing to the cost of mobil
ization and the general expenses in
cident to setting the machinery of war
in motion."
and $9,500,000 on previous budgets,
making the total, economies $67,000,000.
"When the war began the Russian
Government had between $150,000,000
and $200,000,000 to its credit in the'Bank
of Russia and with foreign bankers.
According to the monetary law.'of 1897,
which made gold, the standard for Rus
sia, there was a stock Of gold amount
ing to ; $475,000,000 and a note issue of
$350,000^000. Therefore Russia could
still have placed in circulation* $200,000,
000 to ..$250,000,000 in notes without im
pairing in the slightest the gold law of
1S97. However, by so doing the.mone
tary situation after, the war might
have been' less satisfactory than at
present. .
"Accordingly for the purpose of pro
tecting the internal monetary, situa
tion, trie Russian Government has lent
a favorable ear: to the proposals made
by French bankers and has opened
negatlatipna at St. Petersburg "with
Joseph Hoettinger of the house of
Hoettinger & Co., and with M. Noetz
lin, one of the directors of the Banque
de Paris et des Pays Bas. They have
made, twp visits to St. Petersburg and
are .leaving there" to-morrow for Paris.
The purpose of their visit is to 1 ne-
"The fir^t fleet of transports, on see
iTiz our liaRs displayed on an eminence.
i»ogar. landing troops at 8 p. m. The
troops, who v ere forced to wade ashore,
v.ere in high Fj.lrits. In order to facili
tate the further landing of troops,
fiers are bf-ing: erected. Our division
'.The sunkoats Amagai. Ofhima and
Chicok&J were employed to distract the
« n rriy's situation. They discovered
100 of tht enemy and shelled them,
killing several.
. TOKIO, May 6.— The report of Ad
miral Hosoya. received to-day, gives
details of th? landing of Japanese
troops ou the Liaotung Peninsula, sup
pressing the location of the landing
place. The admiral says:
"Our Seventh Division, with torpedo
l/oata and the Hongkong- Maru and the
Klppon Maru. arrived at the advance
J.»as?e off the Liaotung Peninsula at
~<:?>Q |>. in. May 5. Discovering a nuin-
Uer of the enemy's patrols, we bom*
!;:trd< <] them for a short time and then
a Jafidini? party of sailors. Captain
Xoirjuto leading-, was ordered ashore.
IX being low tide, it was impossible to
use the boats, and[ tht sailors plunged
i:U<> tin.- water, wad'.-d breast-deep for
about lOuO yards and reached the beach
at 7:?>> i>. m. Immediately advancing,
they took possession of a rangre of hills
without firing a shot and planted our
flag on the fcilis.
is assisting in the work."
The report of Admiral Kataka, com
mander of the third squadron, gives
additional details of the landing. The
admiral reports that his squadron con
voyed the first batch of the second
army to the Liaotung base and adds
that the Kara Maru grounded near* the
base at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
She was assisted by the protected
cruiser Akitsushima, was floated, and
reached her destination safely at 5
o'clock the same evening.
Beyond the announcement that a
certain force of the Japanese army ef
fected a landing- at an unnamed place
on the Liaotung Peninsula yesterday
ami the report of Admiral Hosoya, the
Government absolutely refuses to dis
cuss the nature of their operations or
its plans. General Fukushima of the
General Staff made the announcement
of this movement to the foreign cor
respondents here. He said:
"On the 5th of May some strength of
the "'panese army began to land on
the Liaotung Peninsula."
"Where and in what force?" asked
the correspondents. V- * >!>'
General Fukushima smiled in answer,
but .'-¦aid nothing.
"From the east, west, north or
south?" asked the correspondents.
"Out of the skies from heaven,"
answered the general, and the interview
ended.
army begs for the Immediate installa
tion of an extra hospital with 2000 beda.
Here an office has been opened to give
all information with reference to the
dead, wounded and sick.
gotiate the issue, of treasury bonds,
running five years; at 5 per cent. These
are", going to be offered - to customers
of the big French financial houses at
near, par. By so doing the Russian
Government reserves the right after
five years to make use of its internal
credit to convert or consolidate these
five-year bonds into a funded debt
bearing a lower rate of interest. The
amount likely to be taken up at once
in Paris' will be $100,000,000 and the is
sue can' go up to. $180,000, 000. Already
the contracting houses are sure to
place the full amount they underwrite
among their customers. Therefor* no
public issuance is to be made and the
public subscription at a fixed day will
be 'dispensed with, the issue being sold
by bankers privately."
The" foregoing: differs from other re
ports concerning the amount of the
loan, but owing to the authoritative
source it can be accepted as- final. It
is understood ¦ that the terms will be
signed •' before : MM. Hoettinger and
Noetzlin depart from St. Petersburg to
morrow or thereafter. The signing by
the French banks will take place next
week, the issuance. of the loan follow
ing immediately. '.''
kin had his way before the war, it Is
said he would have abandoned Port
Arthur, withdrawn farther to the
north and waited - until his army had
become overwhelming in its strength,
when he would have moved forward,
but this was made impossible as a
consequence of the injuries sustained
by. the Port Arthur fleet and the im
possibility of the departure of the fleet
from Vladivostok with a superior Jap
anese force outside that port. There
fore the commander in chief is waiting
at Laioyang until the enemy's plan
shall have developed sufficiently to
show just what line it is proposed to
follow.
Caution forbade an attempt in force
to prevent General Kuroki's passage
of the Yalu, as the troops landed at
Pitzewo might have been diverted to
take the Russians on the flank or In
the rear.
Now that the uncertainty Is partly
dispelled General Kuropatkin, from the
inner lines, is free to act.' That he
purposes to move energetically is
shown by the fact that he has sent re
inforcements to Fengwangcheng.
The Indications are that he Intends
immediately to assume the aggressive
and to strike General Kuroki's army
before the latter can be reinforced
through Korea. Should the Japanese
landed at Pitzewo begin a northward
movement enough Russian troops, it is
said, are in the vicinity of Newchwang
to hold the Japanese in check until
conclusions have been tried with Kuro
ki. It is not anticipated, however, that
the Japanese will march northward,
but it is believed they will devcte their
energies to effect the fall of Port Ar
thur. The receipt of news at any time
of a decisive battle near Fengwang
cheng will not come as a surprise here,
and already rumors are circulating in
the city which, however, lack verifica
tion and are believed to be untrue, that
a. battle has been fought, that the Jap
anese have been defeated with heavy
loss and that General Kuropatkin was
wounded. Another rumor is in circu
latitm that Port Arthur hag been cap
tured, but this also is scouted in re
sponsible quarters.
PRAISE JAPANESE STRATEGY.
British Applaud the Achievements of
the Little Browa Men.
LONDON, May 7.— The British press
is loud In its expressions of admiration
for the brilliant Japanese strategy in
dealing in rapid succession three great
blows— the battle of the Yalu. the seal
ing of Port Arthur and the landing at
Pitzewo— and the development of the
opening moves is awaited with the
greatest Interest. It Is Delieved to be
not unlikely that the primary object
will be an asault on Port Arthur and
an endeavor to capture the Russian
fleet there. This idea is favored by
Henry Spencer Wilkinson in the Post,
a Journal generally well Informed on
Japanese affairs. Other Journals be
lieve that the Japanese have been
contented to place a small force as a
mask at Port Arthur and .will send
their main forces from Pltzewcr to co
operate with General Kuroki's army,
in which case, if the Russian asser
tion that large reinforcements have
been sent to Fengwangcheng is true,
a great land battle is imminent there
or at Liaoyang. It is believed that it
is Japan's second army that landed at
PitzeVo and the destination of the
third army is still to be revealed.
No further news has reached London
beyond, belated dispatches from cor
respondents with the Japanese army
on the Yalu detailing events preceding
the recent battle.
The Chronicle's Tokio correspondent
asserts that simultaneously with the
attack on Port Arthur the Japanese
laid cables between one of the islands
and the mainland as a protection to
their landing place.
The Telegraph's correspondent at
Tokio says the nine sunken fire ships
at Port Arthur were laden with a mass
of stone and cement.
The correspondent of the Standard at
Tientsin cables that Viceroy Alexieff
has called on the Tartar General and
all of the officials at Fengtien to quit
that place immediately.
COMRADES THE VICTIMS.
Russians Mistake Their Own Men for
Enemies and Fire.
WASHINGTON, May 6. — The Jap
anese legation has received the fol
lowing cablegram from Tokio, under
date of to-day:
"General Kuroki, commandant of
the First Army Corps, reports that on
May 3 our mounted scouts, after a
severe hand-to-hand fight, drove back
the Russians toward Fenghuangcheng.
Chinese say that on May 1 about 2000
infantry, posted on a hill east of Feng
huangcheng, fired upon 300 comrades
retreating from the Yalu, mistaking
them for the enemy. They wounded
100 and killed seventy. The rest of
the body fled in disorder, abandoning
commissary carts.
"A Russian officer- captured there
states that the only bodies which re
treated in order on May. 1 were five or
six infantry battalions and two artil
lery companies. Two hundred more
Russians killed and wounded were
found on the field and others are be
ing discovered."
ZASSULITCII MUST SUFFER.
Russian General to Be Isolated for Ills
Disobedience.
PARIS. May 7.— A St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Echo de Paris
sends the following under date of
May 6: { ,.\
"The general staff believes that the
Japanese landed at Pitzewo a number
not less than 40,000, and says that the
bulk . of General Kuroki's army was
this morning about nine miles from
Fengwangcheng. ¦ The army was ad
vancing in three columns, the third
column following Ihe coast, probably in
order to communicate with the troops
landed 1 at Pitzewo. All the reserves,
provisions and ammunition were land
ed on Elliott Island.
"A 'staff officer said that Lieutenant
General ZassalUch would be kept in the
background during the remainder of
the war, and it is believed that Gen
eral Kuropatkin will personally direct
operations.
"I am positively able to deny the
statement that Port Arthur is bottled
up. The passage is still free.
"The telegraph office has received in
structions not to accept messages for
Port Arthur.
| "Vice Admiral Skrydloff and Vice Ad
miral Bezobrazoff have been ordered to
proceed to Mukden, whence they will
probably go to Vladivostok."
The correspondent repeats the report
that the Japanese have occupied Port
Adams, and says they are advancing
on Po"rt Arthur, the garrison of which
is expected to matfe a sortie.
JAPAN'S NOTES 3IARKETED.
Financiers Make a Deal for a Million
Pounds Sterling*
NEW YORK. May 6. — Kuhn, Loeb
& Co. announce that the Hongkong
and Shanghai Banking Corporation
and the Paris Bank, Limited, of Lon
don have purchased from the Japan
ese Government 1.000,000 pounds ster
ling seven-year 6 per cent treasury
notes,, redeemable after three years at
the option of the Government and se
cured by an exclusive first lien on the
customs. Kuhn, Loeb & Co. have
agreed to Join and a simultaneously
public issue will shortly be made In
London and New York. It is under
stood from outside sources that Kuhn.
Loeb & Co. take half of the notes and
will form a syndicate which will pur
chase, them. .
Representatives of Powers Urjce the
Observance of Strict Neutrality.
MINISTERS ADVISES CHINA.
PEKING, May 6. — The Ministers of
the powers, according to good author
ity, without exception, are seeking to
make the Chinese Government observe
strict neutrality. . «-
BOSTON. -May 7. — Flr» this morning de
stroyed the wharf property of the Central
Wharf Corporation, causing a loss of $1 Cut. 000.
JAPANESE TO ADVANCE.
Oku Will Send Three Divisions
Agnlnst Russian Main Force.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 6.— It is un
derstood that General Oku is landing
three divisions on the Talu for the pur
pose of advancing against the Russian
main force. A military writer in No
voe Vremya says:
"Possession of the Talu is a great
advantage, enabling' the Japanese
freely to land troops and provisions and
to bring ships to carry away the
wounded." ; ¦- -..\» i
He thinks Japan will hurry up and
complete all those operations which
they consider necessary to success be
fore the rainy season sets in. Up to date
no actual returns have been made of
losses. The battleship Oren has been
floated and has gone to Cronstadt.
Prince Vesslllshikoff. director of the
Red Cross, telegraphs from Harbin that
the commander of the Manchurian
Russia's Tremendous New Loan Ex
plained by One of the High Authori
ties of Czar's Government.
Admiral Hosoya's Report Relates
How the Immense Force
Disembarked.
TROOPS DASH THROUGH WATER AND TAKE POSSESSION OF THE PENINSULA HILLS
Garrison at the 'Imperiled Town
Ma v Withstand a Siege
for Months.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CAJ.L, -SATURDAY^ -MAY--7, 1904.
Continued From Pace 1, Column 6.
- r PHILADELPHIA, May 6.— -<V cable
from "Paris ¦ to-day "announces th»j
death 1 of .- Professor Max Sorrimerville
of 'the University"" of Pennsylvania;
aged 75 years, from heart disease.
University Professor Dies.
SEATTLE, May 6.-fA San Fran
cisco machinist named T. Lathouse
committed suicide by Jumping 'from
the" 'steamer Rainier on her up 'trip
from San Francisco. '.'-
San Franciscan Drowns Himself.
>I.V-- .- / ARRIVED. .' '-'¦
'¦'.- •¦*•> Friday.' May ' 6. - '
Schr Ida Sehnaur.' Holler, 6 days from As
toria. . . <
Hk Prussia/ Jensen, 7 days from Fort
niakciey. Urtnr iiiitmT ffiiliip » "PWMMliiC
Sttnr Santa Monica, Olsen 07 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Late : Shipping Litelligence.
PARIS, May 6.— The 'condition of
M.J Waldeck-Uousseau 'is'*< reassuring.*
He Bleeps much and has .no '"pain.
WalticckrRousseau May Recover.
the United States in the drydock cases
at San Francisco and other . places, is
dead; aged* 42 years. "'¦• He has prac
ticed': law in Portland, Ore., and had
been ah attorney in the Department
of Justice. s~
2
GET
IS&rsaparHla
Get it To-day
A.DVEBTISEMENTS.
APVKRTIS-FTVrKTJTS.
2b7L>\ Baked Beans. fri |
O^r—^l '11 (£ I Materials: — One quart pea beans, X^L
half, cupful, molaues, one table- '!&£&'¦"
«*£~fcLgfc?( •poonful salt, half pound sale pork,
quarter teaspoonful dry mustard. iSSil]
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning :~Baked beans are equally good hot or, cold, but how-
ever served they need the piquancy and zest quickly \
- imparted by pouring over them a few spoonfuls of %
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, A 8 «it», NEW YOWLSALIDA, Colo., May 6.— Raymond
Zooks, a young-miner, was burned, to
death arid six other persons had a nar
row escape from being cremated in, a
fire that destroyed Hotel Turret, a two
etory wooden structure at Turret,, a
mining camp, twelve miles north of
Ealida.
One Is Burned to in>at!i and Many
Have Close Call at Turret,
Colorado.
FATAL RESULTS OF
FIRE IN A HOTEL
KALAMAZOO. Mich., May 6.—
George W. Parker of San Francisco,
president of the Pacific Coast Gypsum
Company, was run down by an auto
mobile a»d probably fatally injured
to-day. His shoulder and three ribs
were broken.
George W. Parker of San Francisco
Probably Fatally Injured in
Kalamazoo.
CALIFORNIAN IS HURT *
BY AN AUTOMOBILE
Cannon indulged in'a few adjectives,
then smiled at the thought of the loss
of his Vice Presidential boom and pro
ceeded on his way. w
CHICAGO, May 6.— The Cannon
Vice Presidential boom is lost. "Uncle
Joe" himself is authority for this.
Two of- the Speaker's trunks are also
on the missing list. Speaker Cannon,
before leaving Chicago this afternoon
for his home in Danville, discovered
that his two trunks were gone. Search
of the Auditorium baggage-room and
inquiries at the depot and transfer, of
fice failed -to give a clew as to their
whereabouts. As he was : hurrying •¦ to
the train he was asked for an ex-'
pression :on the political' situation. . •.,
/ "Not a word," answered the Speak
er with emphasis. Then he added:
"I've lost my two trunks. That. Vice
Presidential boom is in one of them."
"Uncle Joe" Cannon Says His Vice
Presidential Prospect Disappeared
WiUi His Baggage.
POLITICAL BOOM LOST
IN A- STRAY TRUNK
LEXINGTON, Neb., May 6.— Joseph
Gibbs, a passenger on a Union Pacific
train, was killed to-day in attempting
to board the train. He was on the way
from his California home to Pitts
burg.
Californian Killed by a Train.
WATERTOWN, N. Y., May 6.— At
Thousand Island Park, in the St. Lawi
rence River, a fire raged to-day for
several hours, destroying nine cottages,
badly damaging six others and threat
ening large hotel properties. Loss $50,
000.
Fire on Thousand Islands.
DENVER, May 6.— Arguments in the
habeas corpus case of President Moyer
of the Western Federation of Miners,
who is held by the military at Telluride,
were concluded In the Supreme Court
to-day. Attorneys for both sides will
file supplementary briefs early next
week and the court will. take the case
under advisement. In the usual course
of proceedings a decision can be ex
pected In about ten days.
TOPEKA. Kans., May 6.— The strik
ing Santa Fe machini#ts will be given
until Monday morning to resume their
places with the company. Notices to
this effect will be posted at all the
shops in the Santa Fe system to-mor
row, on the order of General Manager
Mudge. J. D. Buckalew, third vice
president of the Machinists' Union, to
night offered to submit to the Santa
Fe management a new set of rules
adopted by the executive committee of
the union in Washington. He was in
formed that the Santa Fe would have
no dealings with the union whatever.
Mudge absolutely refused to consider
any proposition Buckalew had to of
fer.
Santa Fc Officials Will Not Consider
Any Proposition Machinists
May Offer.
STRIKERS GIVEN UNTIL
MONDAY TO RETURN
NEGAUNEE, Mich., May 6.—Exten
sive damage is being done throughout
the Upper Peninsula by forest fires.
If rain does not come soon the losses
will be enormous. Loggers are out day
and night trying to save the product
of their winter's labor.
Disastrous Forest Iires.
J. P. Morgan S«ids Two .Millions and
Other Firms Almost Double
the Amount.
NEW YORK, May 6.— A shipment of
$2,500,000 gold by Saturday's steamer
was announced to-day by J. P. Morgan
& Co. One-half of that amount was
ordered at the assay office and the bal
ance Is in gold coin.
Lazard Freres engaged $1,000,000 gold
for shipment to Europe Saturday.
An engagement of $1,000,000 gold by
Goldman, Sachs & Co.. also for Sat
urday, brought the total thus far an
nounced for shipment to Paris on Sat
urday up to $4,500,000.
HEAVY GOLD SHIPMENTS
ARE MADE TO FRANCE
The committee on itinerancy con
vened in its first business session dur
ing the afternoon and listened to the
memorials from the various district
conferences to the General Conference
on the subject of restoring the minis
terial time limit. , Ten memorials were
read and referred to a sub-committee
of fifteen, which will hear all memori
als on this subject and report to the
main committee next Friday with their
recommendations of action on the sub
ject. The committee then adjourned
until next Monday. «
A series of lectures by visiting
church dignitaries are a feature of
the evening entertainments at the Pa
vilion and at Simpson Auditorium. The
speakers include half a dozen' of the
Bishops, Dr. J. M. Buckley, Dr. T. B.
Neely and others.
The committee on episcopacy held
an executive session late in the after
noon, but nothing of an important na
ture transpired. The committee will
meet again next Monday afternoon,
when, it is expected, the question of
new and additional Bishops will be
taken up.
The proposal to combine the three
book concerns of the church will claim
much attention as soon as the book
committee gets to work. It was said
by one of the members of that com
mittee to-day that it appears now that
the committee will recommend that th^
proposal to combine bo referred .to a
special commission.
Pentecostal meetings are being held
daily at the Temple Baptist Church.
These meetings are of the revival kind,
addressed by well known revivalists,
including several Bishops, and attended
by great crowds of church people.
Bishop C. C. McCabe is one of the
leaders of these meetings. .
COMMITTEES IN SESSION.
not until it has had time to digest the
situation.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, May 6.— The
Grandon Electric Power Company's
$100,000 dam on the Saskatchewan
River has been washed away. The
power house is in danger and the
Eighteenth street bridge and the city
.water ' pumping station may also be
swept away. The flats are flooded ami
several Industrial concerns are at a
standstill. .
Other Property Is in Grave
Danger.
Expensive Dam Is Washed Away and
WINNIPEG IS DAMAGED
BY HEAVY FLOODS
DISTINGUISHED ECCLESIASTIC
-WHO IS ATTENDING THE
METHODIST GENERAL CON
FERENCE IN LOS ANGELES.
Utah senator I* Confident That He
Will IV' Able to Retain His Seat
in the Senate.
SALT LAKE. Utah. May 6. — Sena
tor Reed Smoot returned from Wash
ington to-day and went at once to his
home in Prove. In an interview Sen
.ito.r S,moot expressed ontire confi
df*:V«e that he would be allowed to re
tani his sent in the Senate. "I have
rot ihe least doubt in the world that
I jrt'ill be seated, " Senator Smoot is
yuoted as saying. "There is nothing
To prevent my beinp a good American
• itizen. If the time ever comes when
I can't be a good citizen of the Unit
%*<i States I am groing to leave it. I
dp not want to live in a country where
I_cannot be a good citizen."
.BRED SMOOT SAYS' HE
IS A GOOD CITIZEN
NEW YORK, May 6. — The expulsion
of three members of the Consolidated
Stock Exchange and the Petroleum Ex
change was announced to-day. The
expelled members are W. Grant Hoage.
who is said to have been connected
with the firm of Longley. Hale & Co.;
M. E. Halley and A. H. Page. The
expulsions were made on charges that
these members had engaged in irregu
lar transactions.
Three Men of New York Ousted Be
cause of Irregularities in
Transactions.
MEMBERS ARE EXPELLED
.FROM TWO, EXCHANGES
Opinion on the subject of the number
of bishops that probably will be elected
at this conference can scarcely be
gauged so early in the session. There
are advocates of more missionary bish
ops, v/hich would mean a less number
of superintendent bishops • and vice
versa. Then, too, there is the question
of a negro bishop to be taken into con
sideration. There are at present three
vacancies in the list of active bishops,
two by death and one, that of Bishop
Merrill, by reason of retirement. The
committee on episcopacy, before which
the very important subject of additional
bishops will be referred, probably will
cot take it up for several days, at least
After debate as to what' should be
done with this resolution had dragged
along for more than an hour, some ono
suddenly discovered that there was a
specific rule of the General Conference
which provided for its reference to ihe
committee on boundaries, and it was
so ordered.
"Resolved, That a committee of fif
teen be appointed, to consist of one
minister and one layman from each
General Conference district and one at
large, whose duties shall be to report
back to this General Conference not
later than May 16 a regrouping of the
annual conferences in- the General Con
ference districts, so as to secure, as
nearly as may be, equal representation,
having due regard, however, to prox
imity of territory and similarity of in
terest."
BISHOPS TO BE ELECTED.
The only other important subject
considered by the General Conference
to-day was the resolution: offered yes
terday by Dr. J. F. Goucher, as fol
lows:
The aged Bishop was given a warm
reception when he came forward to
read his address, and upon its con
clusion the audience arose, gave the
Chautauqua salute and sang "Blessed
Be the Tie That Binds."
Bishop Merrill referred feelingly to
his relations with the ministers of the
church during his general superintend
ency, and declared that he relinquished
his place as an active worker "free
from bias or prejudice against a living
soul."
"I began my official service to the
church on April 5. 1S15, at Greenville,
Ohio," said Bishop Merrill. "I am now
in the seventy-ninth year of my age
and the fifty-ninth in the service of
the church. If the General Conference
should meet a year hence I would
have been able to round out sixty
years of active service. But as the
conference does not meet and as I do
not care to face the responsibilities of
an active Bishop for the next quad
rennium, I deem it wise to ask the
General Conference to place me in su
perannuated relation to the church
and elect a younger and more active
man to take my place."
This, in brief, epitomizes the work
done by the conference and committees
to-day.
The request of Bishop Merrill to be
placed on the superannuated list was
not unexpected by the delegates. In
presenting his request for retirement
Bishop Merrill read an interesting pa
per to the delegates reciting his ex
periences as minister during the com
paratively early history of the church
in this country and later as a member
of the Board of Bishops.
MAKES FEELING ADDRESS.
LOS ANGELES. May 6.— Very little
progress was made by the Methodist
General Conference to-day, but the
business is being so shaped and sys
tematized that with a few more ses
sions to clear away the vast quantity
of preliminary matters the work will
proceed smoothly and rapidly. The
various important committees held
their first meetings this afternoon at a
half-dozen different churches and
made a fair start in the business be
fore them. The resignation of Ser^R"
Bishop Stephen M. Merrill of Chicag*
was presented to the conference and
referred to the committee on episco
pacy, with instructions to report to the
General Conference, with resolutions
commendatory of the great service
Bishop Merrill has rendered to the
church in his fifty-nine years as min
ister and Bishop.
Washington Departments Make Postal
Changes and Issne Orders for
Army and Navy.
WASHINGTON, May 6. — Postmas
ters commissioned — California — Henry
F. Rock, King River; Viola Beckley,
Paradise.
New offices — Washington — Lincoln
J. Meserve. Globe. Pacific County:
William A. Frank, Warwick, Klickitat
County. Alaska — A. Charles Williams,
Catalla.
Changes — Fourth-class postofflcea —
Spanish Ranctf, Plumas County,
Charles A. Sheldon, vice William M.
Cleaveland, resigned.
Navy orders — Captain B. D. Pender
is detached from the naval station at
Honolulu, H. T., and will continue
under treatment at the naval hospital.
Mare Island, Cal.
Edward L. Rogers of California is
appointed a forest ranger.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
•'Detailed dispatches to Bradstreefs
j show a dispositon to conservatism in
: buying both for reorder purposes and
I for fall delivery. Eastern jobbers are
\ inclined to take a more favorable view
i of trade, now that good weather is
! stimulating the retail demand.
"Hides are firm. Labor troubles cur
¦ tail activity in lumber and building
materials in some centers. Copper
¦ tends downward on enlarged produc
i tion and less eager demand.
"Wheat, including flour, exports for
[the week ending May 6 aggregate
! 1,192,718 bushels, against 1,101,950 bush-
J els last week and 3,201,680 bushels this
j week last year. From July 1, 1903, to
j date, they aggregate 122,899,855 bush
i els, against l&0,095,165 bushels last year.
"Failures in the United States for
| the week ending May 5 number 176,
I against 188 last week and 175 last year.
j In Canada failures for the week num
j ber IS, as against 24 last week and 15
i in this week a year ago."
R. G. Dun &- Co.'s weekly review of
trade to-morrow will say:
I "Somewhat better retail distribution
! has followed improvement in tempera
• ture, but it seems too late to recover
j any large part of the tardy season's in-
I jury to spring trade. Quiet conditions
j are noted in practically all lines of
! wearing apparel. Operations for fu
! ture requirements are carried on with
| caution, and this disposition to avoid
j excessive commitments will do much
j to reduce the number of failures. Some
I improvements in collections, particu
i larly £t- the. South -and .West, will
| strengthen weak concerns. The per-
I centage of idle factories has increased.
: especially in textiles and footwear, and
; a change in style has rendered una
: vailablo much silk machinery. Struct
\ ural work is increasing, but dealers
j had accumulated large supplies or
! building materials, and prices lack
; seasonable firmness. Commodity prices
I declined slightly during April. Rail
| way earnings in April were 5.8 per cent
j lees than last year.
"Recovery in iron and steel indus
tries is again retarded by the unexpect
ed dissolution of the ore association.
"After • last week's exceptionally
heavy transactions it was natural that
j the Western hide markets should be
; come inactive. Prices remain firm,
; however.
"Commercial failures this week in the
i United States are 206, against 202 last
\ week, 241 the preceding week and 176
i the same week last year. Failures In
: Canada number 17, against ' 16 last
\ year."
NEW YORK, May 6.— Bradstreefs
to-morrow will say: "The expected
good weather has at last materialized
and has helped farmers and retail trade
in seasonable goods. Crop prepara
tions and planting has made especial
ly good progress, the present outlook
being that while the winter wheat crop
will be short, the acreage in spring
wheat, oats and corn will be heavily
increased.
"Retail and wholesale trade, how
ever, has not experienced the stimula
tion earlier looked for, there being a
disposition so far to regard results as
below expectations. The iron trade is
quieter, with prices distinctly weaker.
On the other hand, less than the usual
number of May day strikes have oc
curred, and this year so far makes a
more favorable showing than did 1903.
Failures are little more than normal
in number. 0
A wreck train .was blown from the
railroad track near " Crescent and
George Sommers and William Apple,
negro laborers, were drowned. Twenty
houses were wrecked at Moran and
half a dozen at Putnam. Hundreds of
head of livestock are reported killed in
Shackleford and adjoining counties.
Crops were badly injured by the wind,
rain and hail. Wire service is still
badly crippled and reports as to further
fatalities to-night are still incomplete,
but it is believed that lives were lost in
isolated places that will swelljthe total
number to twenty. Railroad property
has suffered heavily in the northwest
Texas storm area. '
ST. LOUIS, May 6.— A special to the
Republic from Houston, Tex., says:
Storm news Is coming in very slowly,
but it is certainly known that there
have been many deaths in different
parts of the State. Among the known
dead are Will Perry at Harrisburg,
killed by lightning; Mrs. Allen Dennis,
G. /W. Mason and a child of S. T. Har
per of Goldthwaite. Luther Rudd, Al
len Dennis, Mrs. S. F. Harper and
child and Joe Griffith are also badly
hurt at the latter place.
The damage to cotton and corn crops
will be heavy. The damage to property
will run into the hundreds of thousands
of dollars. \
At Ruby, John Mullen's house was
wrecked. Mr. and Mrs. Mullen were
carried nearly 100 yards by the wind
and Mrs. Mullen is beHeved to be fatal
ly hurt. W. Spurlock, 14 years of
age, was killed.
At Sunset nearly twenty buildings
were wrecked, but no person was fatal
ly hurt.
HAMILTON, Texas, May 6.— A tor
nado near Star Mountain, in Mills
County, destroyed five houses, killing
George Mason and blowing away one
of his children. The child is not ex
pected to live. Dr. E. Bekooker's house
was demolished and one child killed and
other members of his family injured.
The house of a Mr. Rayburn was de
stroyed, injuring four of the family. ;
. WICHITA FALLS, Texas, May 6.-A
tornado at Holliday station to-night
demolished the echoolhouse and many
other buildings. Sam Horton, teacher
of the public school, was fatally injured
and Henry RIggs suffered a broken
arm.
ST. LOUIS, May 6.— A special to the
Republic from Dallas, Texas, says:
The tornado in Northwest Texas last
night killed Mrs. Mary Wagley, her
daughter Anna and George Anthony,
at Moran. A dozen persons were se
verely but not fatally injured.
At Putnam one man was killed and
one woman was injured. Their names
have not yet been learned. A negro
cabin was swept into the Brazos River,
five miles above the Texas and Pacific
Railroad crossing and three negroes
were drowned.
"DENVER, May 6.— The Republican
£tat« convention to nominate a delega
r.on to the National Convention at Chi
¦ cago to-day laid aside all personal and
factional differences which have div
ided the party in the past and agreed
upon a list of names as delegates and
'•'alternates which is equally divided
amoT.g the Wolcott and anti-Wolcott
vnr.gs.
The platform adopted is a complete
¦ indorsement ef President Roosevelt
.and upholds the law and order policy
¦ of Governor Peabody. Old time Re
publican principles, such as protective
.tariff, etc.. are strongly reaffirmed.
At the afternoon Fession Lieutenant
jGovernor Hoggett, an adherent of the
Wolcott wing of the party, was chosen
permanent chairman. He addressed
trie delegates briefly, confining his
• remarks to thanking the convention
. for the honor of presiding- over its de
liberations. The convention then pro
. cfeded to the selection of delegates and
aiierr.ates to the National. Convention.
They, were 'chosen without the sem
'blance of a contest and are equally div
ivK-d arr.org the Wolcott and anti-Wol
. eott factions. The resolutions commit
tee then reported a platform, which
\ v as adopted.
The delegates: Ex-Senator E. O.
WjT'cott, Governor James H. Peabody,
A." M. Stevenson, Thomas F. Walsh,
• N. W. Dixon and S. S. Downer.
Alternates: D. M. Sullivan, G. L.
; Hodges. Iff. O. Lefevre, Spencer Pen
' rose', E. M. Eldridge and W. B. Gol
; inp.
The platform indorses the adminis
tration of President Roosevelt and con
tinues:
• Wo commend President Roosevelt
for his fearlessness, honesty and cplen
&.d abilities in the performance of his
fc'.ph duties. We indorse his adminis
tration in every respect. His devotion
19 the interests of the American peo
•pi-*, his statesmanship, his courage and
his wisdom entitle him to be his own
(^accessor and we instruct the dele
. pafes from this State to- the National
<_'onvention to use every honorable
• •means in their power to secure his
Domination."
'.The platform further endorses the
present Republican State administra
tion and approves the course of Gov
ernor Pea boo" y "in maintaining law
and order in Colorado"; expresses
especial gratitude to John W. Spring
i t-I'tt standing as the standard bearer
*"f the party Jn the coming city elec
f?>m in Denver and. should h» wish it,
bfrrf^ the delegates to the National
*>-nvention to use their best efforts to
-p^rure for him the nomination for the
Vice Presidency.
SACRAMENTO. May 6.— Seated to
a ward in the County Poorhouse,
George Miller was kept busy to-night
answering telegrams from his lawyers
with reference to the affairs of the
million-dollar estate in Brooklyn, N.
Y., of which he discovered last night
he was an heir. Miller was visited to
night at the County Hospital, as the
home for the sick and indigent 13
called, and to The Call correspondent
'told his story
"A month ago to-day," said Miller,
"I arrived in Sacramento without a
cent of money and stopped at a cheap
lodging-house. I had been ill. but had
apparently cured myself with simple
remedies. But soon after I came to
Sacramento I found I was afflicted
with typhoid fever and that unless I
received care I would die. An ac
quaintance told me I should apply to
Supervisor Brooke for a permit to en
ter the County Hospital, and I did so.
I had a terrible siege, but although
I was without a friend or a cent of
money the doctors and nurses were
good to me and you see I am well
again, though a trifle weak. I learned
last night through a telegram received
by Superintendent White that my
father, Charles Miller, had died in
Brooklyn. N. Y., leaving a million
dollar estate, of which I as his only
son am one of the heirs, with my.
mother and six sisters.
"I have read in the dispatches to
day that I had a. falling out with my
father. That is not the case. I was
an entry clerk and tea taster In my
father's great wholesale house in
Brooklyn. In June, 1900. with my
father's consent, I started for San
Francisco on a steamer by way of
Panama. I landed in San Fran
cisco with $2250 In my pockets. I
will not tell what I did with the
money, but I spent much of it and
later in San Luis Obispo I was robbed
of the rest. I was ashamed or rather
too proud to write to my folks for
help. I went to work as a track
walker for the Southern Pacific at
Santa Barbara at $1 50 a day. Then
I worked for contractors as a laborer
on railroad construction work and
afterward as a miner In Mariposa
County. I have worked very hard, but
I never asked my relatives for a cent.
It always was my intention to return
home, but after I was robbed in San
Luis Obispo I resolved to earn my
money by my own labor, but it was
no easy matter, I tell you. I suppose
my folks would not have heard from
me for some time if it had not been
that a friend of mine in the East, to
whom I recently wrote, told them of
my presence here. I shall return
East, probably Wednesday night. My
father expected^to retire from business
in January, and so until I return East
I cannot tell whether I shall take up
his business or what I shall do."
Miller is 31 years old. He shows
the eftcts of his long siege of fever,
but is rapidly regaining his strength.
Special Dtsuatch to The Oil.
The rainfall along the Kansas River
Valley has been comparatively light,
and as the fall north of here was not
great, it is believed that the Missouri
River will carry off the excess water
and that no flood damage will result
along that stream.
The rainfall in this vicinity for the
past twelve hours amounted to slightly
over four inches. The rainstorm extend
ed from Brunswick, Mo., to Wichita,
Kan., but was most severe around
Kansas City.
At Rosedale many persons had to b»
rescued from their homes, but no one
was drowned nor was any one hurt.
Train service was demoralized on
several railroads and one train, tho
Southeastern Limited on the Frisco
road, southbound, was stalled for eigh
teen hours.
KANSAS CITY, May 6.— The flood
situation here was greatly Improved
to-day, although a steady rain contin
ues to fall. No further damage is ex
pected. The city's water supply, which
had been materially lessened by the
breaking of a big water main and the
damage done to another was practi
cally restored to-day and street cars
are again running. At Rosedale. Kan.,
a suburb, the several hundred families
who were driven from their homes re
turned to them to-day, the water ha\*
ing receded and the bridge connecting
the stockyard district with Armour
dale, which was threatened, is now be
lieved to be safe.
Tornado Sweeps Train From
Railroad Track ajid Two
Negroes Lose Their Lives
Denies That He L«ft pome
After Having Had a Fall
ing Out With His Father
Convention Lauds Governor
' - • Peabody and Instructs
• Delegates for Roosevelt
Conservatism Is Noticeable
in Buying, but Prospects
Are Reported Encouraging
In Some Places Many
Persons Were Imperiled,
but No Casualties Occurred
CROPS BADLY DAMAGED
JOBBERS ARE SATISFIED
HONORS ARE DIVIDED
WILL RETURN TO EAST
TRAFFIC IS RESUMED
Two Wings of Colorado Re
publicans Unite and In
• dorse the Administration
Many People Are Killed and
Drowned in Fierce Hurri
cane in Northern Texas
Flood Situation at Kansas
City Is Improved, but
the Kain Has Not Ceased
Good Weather Helps Farm
ers, but Business Fails in
Exceptional Stimulation
Heir to Share in a Million
Dollar Estate ' Still Too
Weak to Leave Hospital
BOTH FACTIONS
ARE PACIFIED
STORM LEAVES
TRAIL OF RUIN
TRADE SHOWS
MILD ADVANCE
HIGH WATERS
ARE RECEDING
MILLER TELLS
STRANGE STORY
Resignation of Senior | Bishop Stephen M.
Merrill of Chicago Is Presented and Re
ferred to the, Committee on Episcopacy
METHODIST GENERAL CONFERENCE
IS SYSTEMATIZING ITS BUSINESS
;HE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1904.
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
' JZAIB NATURALLY ABUWDA2TT.
-W&jea Zt Is Prs« of Dandruff Zt Grows
Luxuriantly.
Hair preparations and dandruff cures.
ri 3 :«ii^. n;v sticky or irritating affairs
thai do no r-artlily t:oc»J. Hair, when n<it
dis^apf-d. Rrons naturally, luxuriantly.
Dandruff is tii* cause of nine-tenths of
.-¦-U fiair trouble, and dandruff is caused
by* a, germ. The only nay to cure dan-
•riruff is to kill the germ; and. «o far. the
# orc3y hair reparation that will positively
.destroy tii* perm '.s Nowbro's Hcrpicide
— absolutely harmless, free from j?reas»,
.sediment. Aye matter or dangerous
drugs. It allays itchir.R instantly;
makes hair glossy and soft as silk. "De-
stroy th» cause, you reniove tbe effect."
*{*ol<J by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Tfetroit, Mich.
Tooth Powder
-IJew Patent Top Can- Compare quantity and
finality with others. Sozodont is economy.
$200 Reward I
T>>t tb* arrest «n4 conrlction of any on* !
¦ ccsultln* (Bembers or employes of ;»;¦» ;
association or destroying property belong. '
. tnc to them.
• icmzri^SALLIANCEl
Report promptly to the Law Department.
Cttiren*' Alliance. 217 Crosstey bulldlnc
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
CITIZEXS- ALLIANCE.
Money goes further ir
Schilling's Best, a great dea-
further ; besides the comfort o
feeling safe; you know youi
SJesafe-
2»*EW ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 is held in the highest esteem by critical :^
I coffee drinkers. It has that distinct flavor and VI
I aroma obtained only from the- perfect blending
I of rare old coffees, properly aged in the country where y
I the v coffee is grown. If
1 gggfe^gll^^t Only the highest grades*of coffee are'sefected |
I rnLDE^CA1>£ for this brand and the greatest care and |
La^^^ytl «^ skill exercised in blending and roasting. |
&5bj&J||||iK£^ 1 * anc * lb* aroma-tight tins. y
jjL ; • - : M& I Grind fresh each day— not too fine. |
Sp|f|i!j DH CH * ot *\ifi B J* A* FOLGER CD. CO.* Sun FrtndK* ||
H Import*!* and Roasters of Fin* Old Coffee* £|ST. LOUIS, Mo.. May 6.— The Board
of Lady Managers of the .World's Fair,
LADY. MANAGERS ACTIVE.
Washington Hotel, to. which more than
1400 guests were invited, including ex
position and city offlcials.State and for
eign commissioners and prominent
social personages. The entire first floor
of the hotel had been reserved for the
reception. •
Prince Pu Lun was assisted by Sir
Cheng Tung Liang Cheng in receiving
the guests.
Prince Pu Lun and his party will re
main in St. Louis and visit the expo
sition until May 14, when they will
leave for Chicago and Indianapolis,
after o whlch the Prince and Sir Cheng
.will. make a tour of the country. .
ST. LOUIS. May 6.— One of the most
notable functions that has taken place
at the World's Fair, informal In nature,
but gorgeous' ir» appointments, was the
dedication' and opening of the Chinese
Pavilion to-day. - • \ ' V ;
' President ' ;. Francis and Prince Pu
Lun, the Imperial Chinese- Commis
sioner, exchanged . sentiments of good
will, between ctheir nations. Many
Chinese" dignitaries, , Including the Chi
nese, Minister,; Sir, Cheng,' were pres
ent at the dedication."", To-night Prince
Pu '¦ Lun V tendered - a. . reception at the
Chinese Pavilion Is Dedicated by an
Elaborate Ceremony.
PIUNXE PU IAJN ENTERTAINS.
SANTA CRUZ. May 6. — A franchise i for a
coast railroad waa granted from Santa Crus to
the north-fn boundary line on th<? coast of this
county to J. Q. Packard by th« Board of
Supervisors- to-day. '
Bohemian Club Jinks.
The' university high jinks. Dr. Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler sire, will be held In
the jinksroom of the Bohemian Club
to-night
NEW YORK, May 6.—The,follow
ing Californians have arrived:
[ San Francisco— D. E. I Eralick. at
the New Amsterdam; L. A. Hagy and
wife, at the Hotel York; J. Lecker, at
the Continental Hotel; G. Marcum and
wife, at 'the .Wellington; A. Merrifleld,
J. Rose, at the Hoffman House; H. G.
Springer, at the Herald Square; M.
Bell, at the Grand Union; W. Hugh
son, "at the Herald Square. | "''
Los Angeles— J. «A. Henderson, at
the Herald Square.
Californians In Xew York.
Emery P. Gates, a well known
young druggist of this city, died yes
terday afternoon at Applegate. Placer
County, after an illness of four years.
Mr. Gates was a prominent Native
Son and Mason. He is survived by a
wife and 12-year-old daughter. The
remains will be Interred In this city.
Well* Known Druggist Dies.
ST. LOUIS, May 6. — The works of
six I California artists will be hung
among the paintings of the world in the
Fine. Arts building* at . the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition. There are four
San Franciscans 6n->the list. The six
and their subjects are: Ben C. Brown
of Pasadena, "Mount Lowe at Sunset";
Granville Redman of- Los Angeles,
"California Landscape"; Matteo San
dona of San Francisco, portrait of Mr.
linger; 6. F. Piazzonl of San Francisco,
"The End of Day"; J. M. Gamble, of
San ;Francisco, : "The Golden Poppy";
Miss Laura Prather of San Francisco,
miniature of Miss Nina" Clay.
There is great complaint among Cali
fornia painters and those of other
States at •¦ the Alleged discrimination
shown by the committee In 'favor of
foreign work. The reply made is that
so many paintings .were .put in com
petition from all over the.. world that
more space could -riot be 'given to the
Americans without "treating the for
eigners unjustly.
SLx California Painters Have Exhibits
at St. Louis Fair.
ARTISTS ARE REPKESEXTED.
Mrs. Cor.nell Gets Estate
Mrs. Harriet Connell can secure the
J2500 estate left by James Miner ac
cording to a decision rendered by the
Supreme Court yesterday. Miner died
in 18T5. His property was turned over
to the State in 1879. as no heirs could
be found. Mrs. Connell appeared in
the case in 1899. The State Controller
opposed her suit on the ground that
action was barred by the statute of
A. A. Paton of Liverpool, a director
of the English branch of the Diamond
Match Company, is at the Palace with
hi3 wife and daughter.' He has just
returned- from a visit to the Yosemite
Valley and from here he goes to Chico
and Stirling to inspect the match com
pany's new plant.
Commander C. P. Perkins of the
United States steamer Concord is at
the Palace.
John Bradbury, a well-known capi
talist of Los Angeles, and wife are reg
istered at the St. Francis.
J. Frltz-Brind, well-known In Den
ver mining and commercial circles, is
a guest at the St. Francis.
O. J. Smith, a capitalist of Reno,
who is building an electric railway
from that town to Sparks, is at the
Palace.
A. J. Fairbanks, proprietor of a
hotel at Willits. is at the Lick.
Daniel McFarland, a mining man of
Los Angeles, Is at the St. Francis.
E. T. Earl, a fruit man of Los An
geles, arrived at the St. Francis yes
terday.
R. A. Moncure, a stockman of Reno,
is at the Lick.
Dr. W. Friedman of Xew York is
at the St. FranciB.
L. Ransohoff has returned from an
Eastern business trip.
George Nunemaker, a mining man
of Visalla, is at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. G. C. Simmons of Sac
ramento'are at the Grand. "
PERSONAL.
The board adopted a resolution to
tender a reception in honor of Miss
Alice Roosevelt during her intended
visit to St. Louis. A resolution, intro
duced by MIes Helen M. Gould, was
adopted to tender a reception in the
Woman's building during the" latter
part of May to the officers of the army
and navy who are affiliated with the
exposition.
has decided unanimously that the pic
tures of prominent women of the Uni
ted States shall be hung on the walls
of the Woman's building. This decision
was reached with the provision that the
pictures collected must be those of
bona flde prominent women, and that
they must pass an inspection to be
made by a specially appointed commit
tee, the personnel of which is not to
be revealed. About 400 pictures have
been collected, all of which had re
ceived the approval of the former
president of the building, Mrs. James
A. Blair.
our new citizens looked and were
greatly impressed with the evident
friendliness of the acquisitions and
their simplicity of dress.
A Sioux chieftain and some of his
family called on the Igorrotes yester
day. The chief wasn't half as much
impressed with them as they were with
him. He said It was positively shock-
Ing and that if he had known the, true
state of affairs he wouldn't have
brought his wife along. The people
from across the Pacific wanted some of
the native American's beads . and
feathers, but the Americans saw noth
ing around that they wanted and de
parted as soon as courtesy would per
mit.
One of the most interesting exhibits
in the Igorrote, quarter Is a true model
of the sleeping apartments used by
them in the islands. Tnls is a struc
ture about as high as an average coun
ter. It has a hole in the side big
enough to admit the passage of a hu
man body. This is the only opening
in it. Fires are built inside and after
the Interior is well heated the fires are
extinguished and the "natives crawl in
to "slumber. ' Thirty-seven Igorrotes
have been sleeping, packed closely, in
one of these structures here during the
cold weather. They come from elevat
ed portions of the Philippines, where
the atmosphere is at times very cold:-
The raising of Alaska's totem poles
is another sight that draws crowds.
These hideous relics, which bear' on
thefr surfaces the history of families
who won fame In thefr native land by
deeds of valor and in their interiors the
ashes of departed warriors and mighty
hunters, have a strange fascination for
visitors to the fair. Governor Brady
is asr proud of them, as he Is. of the
rhubarb crop of Southeastern Alaska,
which he says is immense. He worked
hard in" securing the totem poles and
has shown that he knows something
about the exhibition business. A single
totem pole is something that attracts
the eye and a forest of them certainly
makes a unique sight. -
* Just to show the incorrectness of
the statement* made at the time that
America was only- getting an ice box
from Russia when it purchased Alas
ka and that no good would accrue to
this country from It, Governor Brady
has had prepared a gilt -.cube repre
senting the $22,000,000 gold output of
Alaska, and this is displayed promi
nently in comparison with the $7,200,000
paid for the northern territory. The
gold output, together with that of fish
and furs, and not counting: the. rhu
barb at all, make a story of Alaskan
riches that is opening the; fcyes of the
world to the possibilities of the. land
that .was contemptuously, called an ice
box, but which has proven; Itself-, a'
treasure chest. ! '--* -; .
A biff and much prized consignment
to the St. Louis Exposition left Mark
Hopkins Art Institute yesterday and
will be given a prominent place in the
literary department of the San Fran
cisco building.
The works are by the young Cali
fornian sculptor, Robert I. Aitken.
and consist of five bas-reliefs which
have the merit of excellent workman
ship and, besides, four pieces represent
that number of San Francisco's poets,
namely, George ; Sterling, Louis A.
Robertson, Charles Keeler and Her
man Scheffauerv ¦•: :
A remarkabljf fine bit of work, too,
is a bas-relief of." San Francisco, an
ideal suggested by Bret Harte's poem
of v'San. Francisco From the Sea."
Aitken has been extremely happy in
his allegorical subject, which is
bound to win recognition. *
The sculptor is busy on a portrait
of Lloyd Osbofne, stepson of Robert
Louis Stevenson, which will be sent
when finished to St. Louis.
A BRET HARTE IDEAL. THE WORK OF SCULPTOR ROBERT AITKEX. WHICH f
•WILL, BE EXHIBITED AT THE WORLD'S FAIR AT 8T. LOUIS AS ONE OF A
THE PRODUCTS OF CALIFORNIA. . . ........ £
Preparing to Celebrate the Fourth.
NAPA, May 6.— The celebration of
the Fourth of July in Napa this year
will be in the nature of a general gath
ering of companies of the Uniformed
Rank Knights of Pythias. Four com
panies from San Francisco and one
each from Berkeley, Alameda and East
Oakland and two from Oakland have
decided to come to Napa. The Vallejo
canton of the I. O. O. F. and several
others will come. Large purses hare
been hung up by the committee for ex
hibition drills.
The Congressional Commission that
came down . from . Washington on the
opening day went over to look at the
Philippine exhibit as a matter of duty
an 1 education. The .members called on
the Ifforrotes-Just'to Bee r how some of
The Igorrotes from the Philippines
are a star attraction. Their "corral,"
as it is called, lies in a forest of maples
at one corner of the Philippine grounds.
Their World's Fair home consists of a
number of thatched huts inside a bam
boo fence. They seem pleased with
visitors, though they refuse to dress
much to receive them. Their lack of
wearing apparel has not attracted the
attention of any organization, but their
penchant for roast dog has awakened
the Humane Society. The Igorrotes
love dog and any pups that wander out
toward their, inclosure never see mama
again. The Humane Society has been
thwarted up to date throusrh the fact
that the Igorrotes are just outside the
city limits. The yelp of the disappear
ing pup is still heard in the night and
the Government meat bill is lessened
thereby.
FILIPINOS ARE ATTRACTIVE.
"I intend that those who are really j
interested in the industry ehall sample
our best wines, that they may learn, if
they do not already know, that no spot
on earth produces any better wines than
those of California. For those who love
good wine there can be no stronger ar
gument made for California's product
than its sampling. Those who visit the
temple will also be instructed as to
prices, shipping, production and every
thing else that may be of interest to
them and of aid to the industry. Cali
fornia's wine producers, are going to
reap much benefit from the actual dem
onstration that will he made here."
SHIPMENTS ARRIVE SLOWLY.
No wine shipments have yet been
made for this exhibit, but the material
will be sent on Ifs soon as the structure
is ready. All varieties and grades of
wines will be shown.
San Joaquin and Los Angeles counties
were the first among those represented
in the Agricultural building to be ready.
Both had their displays completed
before the opening day.
The crown xvaM placed on the tower
of San Francisco's building last Thurs
day, and the structure now stands
completed in outline. The painters are
at work. Without any unforeseen draw- j
backs the building will be ready very j
soon after the middle of the month, j
Some delay has been caused by the i
failure to arrive of the redwood, of i
which the £*tair railings, baseboards, I
doorE and window casings are to be i
made. This material has been on the
road two weeks, and the carpenters are
ready for it now. Outside of 'the work
that is.to be finished with this redwood
thoy are practically finished.
The staff workers have nearly all the
ornamentation ready and much* of it
is up.
Architect Newsome left here three !
weeks ago, and since that time there
baa been no one here to represent San i
Francisco. The work would have been
facilitated had there been some one
from San Francisco in charge. Con
struction has gone ahead steadily,
however, the contractors keeping a
large force of men at work.
From the tower of the San Francisco
building, which rises 100 feet from the
ground, a panoramic view of the
grounds can be obtained. A flagstaff
will surmount the tower. The San
Francisco building will be a prominent
object, visible from every direction.
CALLFORNIANS STARTLED.
The interior finish, owing to the lim
ited aroount of money subscribed, will
not be as handsome as could have been
desired, but it will look very well. The
rafters are left uncovered, but they
wi^l be painted. A K tongue-and-groove
pine ceiling would perhaps have en
hanced'.Xjie interior view.
Califomians were surprised to hear
the other day that the first fresh
grapes at the fair would be shown
by New York State. They were re
lieved, however, when they learned
that these grapes had been In cold
storage all winter. Refrigerator grapes
do not alarm the Pacific Coasters.
Throngs hang about the displays of
fruits made by California and many
heads are shaken in wonder. Many
would be shaken in doubt if only word
of mouth told of these marvels of hor
ticulture, but with the tangible evi
dence before their eyes the strangers
to California must cast all doubt aside
and eive expression to admiration..
"Mine will be a campaign of educa
tion," said Mr. Haber to-day. "I want
to teach the people from sections where
wine does not flow as it does in Cali
fornia that the Juice of the grape does
not produce intemperance. Statistics
show that less drunkenness exists
among wine-drinking people than
among those of other sections. Wine
drinking in moderation is beneficial,
and crime and degradation never thrive
where the grape purples under the sun
of autumn.
EDUCATION ON WINES.
ST. LOUIS. May 6.— Work on the Cal
ifornia wine display structure In the
Agricultural building of the World's
Fair is in progress, and with any sort
of luck the gorgeous golden temple of
the grape that is to represent this won
derful California industry will be ready
in about three weeks. Ferdinand A.
Haber, chief of the Department of
Viticulture of California, who has
charge of this display, has worked en
ergetically, but has met the same ob
stacles that have confronted all
exhibitors— scarcity of labor, inability
to get material delivered and the bad
weather. The staff work is nearing
completion and the various parts of the
temple are well under way. Mr. Haber
thinks California is going to be finely
represented in this line and is confident
that great good will result to the wine
industry from the exhibit given and
the sampling that will be done.
By Paul Edwards.
Supervisor Brandenstein proposed
that a commission on the adornment of
the city be elected, the officers of which
receive no salaries. Dr. Taylor of the
Board of Freeholders" made .a strong
address upon the ugliness of telegrraph
poles. and wires, the ununlform manner
in which houses are placed beside the
sidewalks and suggested that the tele
graph companies be forced to lay their
wires underground.
Yesterday morning Mr. Burnham was
entertained at an informal reception
given by the San Francisco Chapter of
the American Institute of Architects.
He was the honored guest at a luncheon
at the Pacific-Union Club, at which
William Bourn, was host. The luncheon
was attended by several friends. „
Major Randolph suggested that the
Presidio be Improved in order that it
may be a pleasure ground for the peo
ple of the city. Mrs. Baldwin of the
California Club maintained that more
attention should be given to the streets
and that better schoolhouses be built-
Supervisor Braunhart said that the
beauties we already possess should be
preserved before other plans are made.
Mr. Stader of the Fairmount Club sug
gested that the city start a zoological
garden in the city, as there is none ex
cept that at the Chutes.
' Mrs. Wagner, representing the Out
door Art League, reported that her as
sociation was enthusiastic over its re
cent victory in the "preservation of Tel
egraph Hill, and promised that in all
resolutions adopted for the adornment
of the city the Outdoor Art League will
be ready to give assistance.
received. * .
Daniel Burnham next took the floor.
He'" explained that in order to make
any headway in the beautifying of the
city public spirit and enthusiasm must
be aroused, and that all citizens should
do their, utmost toward carrying out
the good work. He said that no artist
could be Inspired into doing his best
work unless indorsed .by public sym
pathy and enthusiasm. Burnham ex
plained that he was not present to
speak, but to hear suggestions from
those assembled. .
The Maple room of the Palace Hotel
was crowded with representatives from
the various improvement associations
of this city last night to offer and re
ceive suggestions that may lead to the
beautifying and adornment of San
Francisco.
Daniel H. Burnham of Chicago waa
the honored guest of the evening and
he made the opening remarks.
James D. Phelan acted as chairman,
and after introducing Burnham read a
communication from Bruce Porter.
Porter was unable to be present, so he
sent a letter in which he suggested that
Pierce street, from Bay to Haight, be
converted into an avenue between the
succession of small parks and squares
of which it forms the main axis, and
that trees be planted on both sides;
that hills too steep for traffic be made
into observation points and resting
places, and that there should be more
parks and playgrounds south of Mar
ket street. The communication was well
"Four counties are receiving the praise
of Manager Briggs of the California
State Board of Trade for the part they
took in providing edibles for the enter
tainment given in the rooms of tho
State Board of Trade and in the great
nave of the ferry building to the visit
fng delegates to the National Grocers'
Association and ladies. Butte County
sent down to the city for the delegates
a larjje quantity of prunes. Santa Clara
County forwarded prunes and pears.
Fresno and Sacramento counties were
represented by a variety' of home pro
ducts.
The California State Board of Trade
ua5 not only active in entertaining
on its own account the delegates to
the grocers' convention who visited its
exhibition hall and rooms. It also fur
bished the trained skill that was em
ployed in the decoration of the great
nave, and aderne-d its own quarters
handsomely.
TOUR COUNTIES All).
While the California State Board of
Trade special train will go through to
St.- Louis without change, after the ex
tursionists reach the exposition they
will not come back in a body, but will
return home by the various routes.
Reservations on this train should be
made as early as possible, as the time
is now very short, through the Califor
nia State Board of Trade, ferry build
ing. Secretary L. M. Fletcher will of
ficially represent the California State
Hoard of Trade on the train and at St.
Louis.
St. Louis will be reached at 8 a. m %
Monday. May 16. This special train of
California citizens visiting the exposi
tion in a body will be of great value to
this State, for the excursionists can
do considerable missionary work while
ia St. Louis. The California State
Board of Trade for a number of years
lias done and is doing a valuable work
in the way of bringing the desirable
class of people to California.
The California State Board of- Trade
excursion to the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition at St. Louis will leave San
Francisco at 11 a. m. next Friday in
one of the finest Pullman trains that
hsu? ever left this State. L. M. Fletcher,
secretary of the California State Board
cf Trade, who has just returned from
a trip throughout the central and
northern rortions of this State, where
he has been interviewing ihe Chambers
cf Commerce and Board? of Trade, as
veil as prominent business men . and
citizens, reports that a number of the
Chambers of Commerce and Boards of
Trade will send official representatives
on this train to represent their cities
;xnd counties.
While it was recently reported th^t
the exhibits would not be in position
until the latter part of May, more re
rent advices state that nearly all will
l»e placed by May 12. The California
>*:ate Board of Trade special train will
make an exceptionally fast run.
DELEGATES -FROM INTERIOR.
* Stops will be made at Sacramento to
receive a delegation from that city and
the northern part of the State, and at
Colfax. where the citizens from Nevada
Oiiy and Grass Valley will board the
train, and at Reno to receive a delega
tion from that city. After that the
train will make no stops excepting at
division points where engines and
crews are changed and at the larger
cities en route.
A score of Questions met the same
fate, and Schlesinger had to give It
up. Leon Samuels, Herbert Clarke and
Walter K. Slack were brought back by
Heney for further cross-examination.
The additional point was brought out
that envelopes of the sort used for one
of the anonymous letters to Secretary
Hitchcock were lying about the Hyde
offices in quantities when Dimond took
desk room there. Knight made another
effort to implicate Samuels and Slack
with, the 'anonymous letters and there
oy provoked some angry answers from
each. No new evidence, however, tend
ing to show that they wrote the letters
or that Dimond did not, was brought
out. Both of them testified that Hyde
had told them that he engaged Di
mond as "a confidential man."
"How many witnesses have you in
terviewed in the State of Oregon while
you were working up this case?" the
famous secret service man was asked.
"I decline to- answer." snapped Burns,
tired of saying the rme thing so
often.
"Your Honor, we ask that the wit
ness be Instructed to answer."
"We object," shouted Heney.
"Objection sustained," said the com
missioner.
Schlesinger made, the next move, re
calling the three Government witness
es, William E. Valk. Woodford D. Har
lan and Benjamin F. Allen, who told
the Grand Jury at the Federal capital
that they had been bribed to further
the Hyde-Benson land transactions.
Each admitted in answer to the ques
tions of Hyde's attorney that he was
still in the employ of the Interior De
partment, but each denied that he had
any understanding with his superiors
as to retaining his job. Then Schlea
inger called Detective Burns back to
the stand, where he had already a doz
en times refused to give information
as to what evidence the Government
may have besides that presented to
the Grand Jury.
BURNS IS XOT TELIJNG.
Bert Schlesinger, of Hyde's counsel,
asked a few questions to show that
Dimond, while acting as Hyde's attor
ney before the General Land Office,
had not sought to expedite any Hyde-
Benson lieu selections that he knew to
be based on fraudulent State titles. To
all these queries the witness made sat
isfactory answer and then with an aud
ible sigh of relief left the stand, where
he had been testifying for nearly three
weeks. Knight announced that the fol
lowing well known citizens were ready,
if called upon, to swear to Dimond's
good reputation: James P. Langborne,
Henry J. Crocker, Ex-Judge C. W. Van
Fleet. William R. Wheeler. Edwin New
hall. Charles L. Patton, Willis G. Dodd,
Curtis H. LIndley, J. B. Stetson. Al
fred Stillman. Thomas Cole, Wilfred
B. Chapman, William M. Pierson, Sam
uel B. Welch, -George R. Shreve and
Morris U. Bates.
DIMOXD IS RELIEVED.
The business at bringing the land
frauds hearing to an end is proving
almost as long as the rest of the case
has been. With attorneys anxidus to
get away to other matters, however,
the question whether Defendants Hyde
and Dimond shall be held for trial at
Washington will probably be finally
submitted to Commissioner Heacock
early next week. An indication of Hea
cock's diminishing patience was shown
at the close of yesterday's session when
he announced that on Monday he
would sit at 10 o'clock instead of his
usual hour of 10:30.
The lc-ng ordeal of Henry P. Di
mond's cross-examination ended yes
terday. On returning to the stand he
answered "No" to Heney's question
whether he had read the account of
the hearing on May 2, printed in The
Call of the following morning, which
exclusively reported his errors in writ-
Ing "ownes" for "owns" and "dummys"
for "dummies." The question suggest
ed a possible reason for the witness*
improved spelling the next day. DU
mond, however, dropped the admission
that on leaving -court after his first
writing exercise he had said to his
counsel, Wheeler, that he believed he
had misspelled "owns," and that this
must have been due to" the deep im
pression left on his mind by ttie same
misspelling in the anonymous letter to
the Secretary of the Interior. He had
previously testified that he had merely
glanced over the epistle in question.
PARIS, May 6.— The French Govern
ment has decided to reject, both In sub
stance and In form, the note of protest
agrainst President Loubet'a visit to the
Quirinal at Rome, sent by the Vatican
to all the Catholic powers.
The French Embassador to the Holy
See has been instructed by Foreign
Minister Delcasse to notify the Papal
Secretary of State to this effect, and to
decree that France considers the pro
test to be null and void.
.strong Party Organized That
Represents Every Section
and Very Many Industries
Says That the Public Must
Be Enthusiastic Before
Any Steps Can Be Taken
Philippine Natives a Great
Attraction and Are Active
Rivals of the Poundnian
Defense Makes Another
Unsuccessful Attempt to
Get Government Evidence
Embassador From Republic
Instructed to Inform the
Papal Secretary of State
BURNHAM GIVES ADVICE
INTERIOR'S DELEGATES
FIXE SHOWING OF WINE
CLOSE OF CASE IS NEAR
MESSAGE SENT TO ROME
Citizens Assemble in Maple
Room to Discuss Subject
of Beautifying the City
Business 3Ien Make ; Ar
rangeinents to Tour With
Trade Board to St. Louis
Defendant in Land Frauds
Case Believed at End of
Three Weeks' Questioning
Vatican's Note to Catholic
Powers EegardingLoubet's
Visit to Quirinal Is Ignored
Preparations for Califor
nia Exhibit Are Slow,
but People Are Interested
TRAIN TO RUN
ON FAST TIME
IMPROVEMENTS
ARE SUGGESTED
DIMOND LEAVES
WITNESS STAND
FRANCE IGNORES
POPE'S PROTEST
COAST DISPLAY
MAKES A HIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1904.
Bas-Reliefs of Well-Known Poets of the City
by the Golden Gate; Together With a
Bret Harte Ideal, Go 4o thei Exposition
CALIFORNIA SCULPTOR'S WORKS
SHIPPED TO THE ST. LOUIS FAIR
4
ADVERTISEMENTS*
Few people know the
comfort and beauty of
perfect natural skin.
Have you used Pears*
soap?
- Sold all orer the world, - .' .
iBe Trsisg Time
& a yctEsr girl'a life is reached when
-Nature leads her uncertain steps across the
• line which divides girlhood Jroai woman-
hood. Ignorance and neglect at this crit-
•iral period are largely responsible for
ccch of the -*— . .._¦_
ir.:-ery cf woman- -&$ir
hood. Sot only v!2r .-»__ N§<nj
coes Nature often >V **2&$*\ \^vi
need help in the Sf Gr* 5^!! \!#3
regular establish- V Wf. * T? «3
. meat of the woai- J fL >y W wj
aaly function, bat 1 s-'iA}^ w
there is almost al- ' <vJv~{>-' /"\f|
ways need of soae /p |f £/ / ~<^\t
rpfe, strecgihesing /v">^' 5? *^^r-^" \|
tosic, to overcoat fc^ J^ /'***^ >^»5^3fr' tl
the languor, nerv- $ m
©nsae*s ar.d Treat- I SE53^» n
ness, coinmcnly ex- 1 S§5^,Ti'4f \t }l
perienced at this R gg t|
If there is an ia- \ |f »5^ J£
valid woman, suf- ft pi j£w ** A
fering froni female ?4 L\ jrt •£&
. weakness, prolap- g\ liV' /&&
«is. or falli&gr of %2k Sf >h4Hi
wopb.'or froni leu- S&Q?r .£&2c3
corrhea who has Bcr?o»g>K- c j£r&%&
used Dr. Picrce's
Farorite Prescription without complete
etxecess, D» Pierce would lite to hear from
ench person — end it will be to her advant-
age to write as he offers in perfect rood
faith, a reward of $500 for any case of the
above maladies which he cannot cure.
«I w»h to tell yon the benefit we hare
received from osjbx vour remedies," writes Mrs.
Dea Hfcll of Brodhead. Green Ca. Wls. "Two '
¦ vears ago try daughter's health began to fail.
feverrthiBK that could be thought of was don/?
to help her but it was of no use. When she
began to complain she was quite ctotit ; weighed
170. the picture of good health, until about the
Bgc of fourteen. tb«?c in six months she was •»
nm down her weight was but no. She kept
failing and I pare np. thinking there was no
cse, the must die. Friends all said, ' Yon will
lose your daughter.' I said I fear I ahalL I
must *ar. doctor, that only for vour * Farorite
Prescription • inr daughter would hare been in
her rrave to-day. . When she had taken one-
half bottle the natnral function was established
and we boncrht another one. making only two
bottles in ail. and she completely recovered.
Since then she is as well as can be.'/
Doctor Picrce's Comaon Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one<ect stamps to pay ex-
- pease of mailing orJy. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Eaffalo, N. Y.
DE. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
BORAXOLOGY
Everybody who has been
a boy — and most of us
have, except the girls — re-
. members now he looked
upon the bath much in the
nature of an enforced
ducking, with an unpleas-
ant soapy flavor. »
And a bath in hard city
water isn't much more than
a good ducking, really.
When you put BOKAX
in the water you get a
bath that really cleanses
— that rids the pores of
waste matter — auicken3
the circulation ana stimu-
lates the entire body. Try
it — and you'll find the
difference. Just ask for
20-MULE-TEAM
BRAND—it's pure. Sold
by Druggists and Grocers,
\ y \ and 1-lb. packages.
The famous "AMERICAN GIRL.- PICTURES
FREE to purchasers of " ao-Mule-Teaa " Boras.
At stores or sent for BOX TOP *nd 4c. ia stamps.
Pacific Coast Borax Co, New Ycri, Cfccaj a. S&a
Francisco.
¦ •o-MsJe-Team — Our Trade Mark.
COPY W* 1^ *
••It Is Hard to Teach an
Old Dog
New tricks." and it would b« hard to
teach one of our patrons to wear linen
laundered at any place but the United
States Laundry". The contrast in the
work done by us and by any other es-
tablishment in town is like comparing:
black and white. When you want your
linen artistically laundered bring It to
the very best laundry.
UNITED STATES LAVNDBY,
10O4 &UUK3CST STSXXT.
Talrphon* South 430.
DIRECTORY
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
dialogue and Frico List* juallai
on Application.
rszsa ajti> salt msats.
jas. eoyes & ca fy^^xis
onus.
LUBRICATING; OILS; LEONAJtD A ELLJ3.
418 Front tc. S. F. Phon* Mala 171*.
* rexHraro.
F.C.BUOHE& mwJSS^kw.
ASVZBTISEMZ2ITS.SAN JUAN, May 6.— The combined United
Btatea squadrooe. which are bound for Europe,
Hear Admiral Barker commanding, arrived
fcere to-6&y.
: ' Frank L» Beggs. 334 5 Twenty-fourth
street, secured a warrant from Police
'Juijge- Fritz yesterday for the arrest
cf JoKn R. .Harder on a charge of
irraad larceny. Beggs says that Harder
¦«.nd he were roommates and that
.JCirder- disappeared on May 4, taking
v.-ith him Beggs* gold watch, overcoat
."and vso suits of clothes, of the aggre
f:$te value of $135.
Wants His Property Back.
Povioflice to Be Investigated.
. PORTLAND, Or.. May 6. — Because
postmaster Bancroft withdrew money
CtO'nj the various funds in hfs care an
investigation has been ordered by
P/jsimaster General Payne. The meth
ods of the Portland office are said to
be. remarkably unbusinesslike.
Kun Over and Killed by a Train
. . SANTA BARBARA, May 6. — The
southbound coast limited train ran
over &nd killed Patrick Hastey near
Arroyo Honda, about thirty miles
rorth of this city, this evening. Has
fey, who had been employed on the
road as a laborer, was lying across the
trnck and was not seen by the en
gineer until too late to stop the train.
Militia Bill to He Amended.
• "VANCOUVER, B. C, May 6.— Sir
.Frederick Eorden, Minister of Militia,
tyin amend his militia bill so that a
council of seven will have control of
I4ie Canadian militia. This council
¦will comprise four officers of the head
quarters 6Laft" and three civilians, vice
Minister of Militia, the deputy min
ister of militia and the accountant of
t-he Militia Department.
•• .FRESNO, May 6. — Pinioned to the
:grour.d by the limbs of a felled tree
arid dyins while his crew of men were
struggling to rescue him, was the fate
of Jack Ferguson, the head swamp
er at the shaver at Pine R.idge. The
accident happened shortly before noon
fo-day. Ferguson was superintending
.tke feljing of a tree when it fell rather
unexpectedly and caught and pinioned
Jiim to the earth. His comrades work
•ed'hard to cut the limb away, but Fer
guson died a few minutes before his
body. was dragrged from under the
tree.
Killed by a Failing Tree.
HORSESHOERS OPEN SHOPS
TO RIVAIi OLD EMPLOYERS
Sixty Metal Roofers Quit Work Be
cause Their Demand for More
Pay Is Refused.
The members of the Horseshoers*
Union who are out on strike in sym
pathy with the stablemen have started
several horseshoeing shops about town
and are. conducting them in opposi
tion to their former employers. From
all accounts both the men and their
old employers are doing a rushing
business.
Sixty members of the Metal Roofers'
Union quit work yesterday because
their employers refused to raise their
wages from $4 to $4 50 a day. It is
thought that a general walkout of all
metal roofers will follow shortly.
there is a standing reward of $100 in
Amador ; County. , The . next . crime
charged to Gates occurred November
IS, 1902, at Bishoar Junction, Colorado,
en the 'line of "the Colorado, Southern
Railway. With two : other ' men ' he is
accused of having attempted to hold
up a train, but the plan, was, frustrated
by the determined stand taken by. the
messenger, who killed j one 1 of j Gates'
companions. * For the arrest- 6* "Gates',
who is known there as elsewhere, un
der aliases, there is a reward of. $600.
Yesterday Agent Crowley and his as
sistant, Patrick, Kindelon, were busily
engaged in-telegraphing descriptions of
the Gates boys and Arnett all over, the
State and later the country will be
flooded with photographs of . George
Gates^ taken at the time he graduated
from a local mining school.
TRAILED INTO OREGON.
For the arrest of each of the men
accused of complicity in the* Copley
robbery, there is a reward of $850, of
which the State offers $300. the South
ern Pacific Company $250 and Wells,
Fargo & Co. $300. The descrip
tions of the three men as furnished
by the railroad detectives are as fol
lows:
George Gates — Twenty-seven years of age,
height 5 feet 11 inches!- weight. 185 pounds. He
is gquarp-phouldered. stands erect, has a full,
round, dark complexloned, clean-nhaven face,
brown eyes, black hair, a short neck and his
left eye protrude* somewhat. The Index finger
on both of his hands is bent and stiff. . He is
known under many aliases, among them Guy
LeCroix. Guy Williams, Guy Edingscourt' and
Bruce Van Drake. The fact that he : so fre
quently, concealed his Identity' under names of
Scotch origin Is attributed to his knowledge
of Scotch novels, of which he Is very fond.
Edwin Vernan Gates is a few months past
his majority, weighs 145 pounds and stands
5 feet 7 inches. He hae light complexion, gray
eyes, light brown hair and a round face. He
Is slight in build 'and Is familiarly known in
different parts of Northern California as Ed
Lee, Ed Wallace, Ed Williams and Arthur
Reid.
Arnett is a good miner, and In well known
in Trinity. Shacta' and Siskiyou counties and
in Southern Oregon. He has followed gam
bling a- great deal. He is 24 years old and
5 feet 5 inches In height. There is supposed
to be Mexican blood in his veins,- to which Is
attributed his exceedingly black complexion.
He Is squarely built and weighs 150 pounds.
His eyebrows are thick and Join above the
nose. His eyes are dark, and he squints no
ticeably.
After locating the cabin of the rob
bers at Nigger Hill. Crowley secured
the services of Indian trailers, who
traced the three men across the coun
try back to the railroad and later
through Oregon. They are now sup
posed to be in the Northwest.
Will Give Half Holiday.
The following real estate brokers
have agreed to close their offices at
2 o'clock on Saturdays during May,
June, July and August:
G. H. Umbsen &,Co.; A. J. Rich & Co; Bo
vee. Toy & Co; Hooker & Lent; Thomas Ma
gee & Sons;. Guy T. Hayman; H. E. CofTcy
& Co.; R. D. Cranflton & Sons; B. P. Oliver;
Lyon & Hoag; United Bank and Trust Com
pany; F. B. Surrj'hne; Boardman Bros. & Co.;
Real Estate Security Company: R. S. Brown
& Co.; Nelson. Johnson & Co.; Rivers Bros.;
Burnbam Marsh & Co.; Speck & Co.; David
son & Leigh; Shalnwald. Buckbee & Co.; Ea»
ton, Eldridse & Co.: Baldwin & Howell.
The cartoon in this week's News Letter de
ptcts Brisbane with a burden of Hearst In the
form of an ass' hide. This is made up of the
fact as published in many Eastern publications.
Its biography is of the highest order, and Its
editorial on Cornelius is a master editorial.
Some facts in regard to the "Pure Kood Ex
hibition" are of Interest to all consumers. The
other departments are unusually bright.
The "Typewriter Girl" has something: to say
of the confluences imposed upon her. •
VISALIA, May 6.— The Board of
Supervisors of Tulare County to-day
passed an ordinance prohibiting the
use of slot machines in all parts of
the county outside of incorporated
towns. There are three incorporated
towns in the county, Visalia, Tulare
and Porterville. The Trustees of these
towns will probably be asked to pass
prohibitive ordinances.
Slot Machines Arc Prohibited.
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT. — I. W.
Kane, 416 Sacramento street, secured a warrant
from Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the
arrest of R. H. Love on a charge of misde
meanor, embezzlement. The amount alleged In
the complaint Is $16 50. but it is said that the
total amount embezzled Is much larger. Love
was formerly employed by Kane and had been
collecting money without authority.
SANTA CRUZ, May 6. — A project to
build an electric railway from Santa
Cruz to Sempervlreris Park is on foot.
The projectors are now securing 1 a
right of vi-ay from Boulder Creek to
the Big Basin.
Propose to Build a Railway.
-RENO, New, May 6. — Extreme cru
.'«J'ty and other charges are made in a
.E'ensatiohal complaint for divorce filed
by Alberta L. Bishop against Harry
\V. Bishop, both formerly of San
Francisco. The complaint alleges that
the- couple were married at San Fran
jcisco last October. Ten days after
nrard. it is alleged, the defendant se
'cure'a the plaintiff's money and tak
ing her to Denver deserted her. Since
£hat time Mrs. Bishop has taken up
her residence in Reno for the purpose
"cf bringing the present suit.
'; The whereabouts of the defendant
ie unknown. The plaintiff is said to be
.t-he daughter * f a prominent San
Frar-ciseo family.
AIlc^e« That Her Husband Secured
, Jf er Money and Deserted Her Ten
'".-. . Days After Their Marriage.
\VIFK OF HARRY W. BISHOP
, ' ; TILKS SUIT TOR DIVORCE
WALLA WALLA, Wash., May 6. —
James Champoux was hanged in the
State penitentiary at 5:11 o'clock this
morning for the murder of ? Lottie
Brace, a- variety performer, in Seattle
November 6, 1902.
The execution was the first under
the new' law requiring that capital
punishment be inflicted at the State
penitentiary only.
Champoux's trial was dramatic. He
feigned Insanity, fought his jailers and
acted in every way like a madman,
but the jury declared him sane. He
was subsequently found guilty of mur
der in the first degree. Champoux's
relatives in Eastern Canada made a
hard fight to save him from the scaf
fold.
James Chnmpoux, AVho Killed a Va
riety Actress in Seattle, Is Hanged
in Washington Penitentiary.
PAYS THE DEATH PENAI/TY
FOR MURDER OF A WOMAN
AI-LEGED LEADER OF COPLEY
TRAIN'- ROBBERS- FOR', '.WHOM
DETECTIVES ARE .SEARCHING.
. /The newly elected officers were then
!in'sta'Ued and the Grand Court ad
•jbiii'r.ed.
• ; ' TtiP delegates and visitors were en
¦Jtertained to-night at a banquet.
' HANFORD, May 6.— The Grand Court
*of Foresters of America this morning
.a£c?ptS-d the report of the finance com
.-jnitiee fixing the per capita tax for the
Ensuing: year at 95 cents.
_ '.'U'atfonville was unanimously select
jefl as the place for holding the Grand
.Court, in 1905.
'•¦¦The election cf officers resulted as
•fellows: J. B. Foley of Los Angeles,
igrand chief ranger; Charles A. Rector
ci Sacramento, grand sub-chief ranger;
"Frank Conklin of San Francisco, gTand
treasurer; John J. Cordy of San Fran
cisco, grand secretary; Dr. Charles H.
Txcpptr.an of San Francisco, grand re
cording secretary; Harry Simon of San
Fr^-ricisco, grand senior woodward:
Dartisil Lear of San Francisco, grand
¦Junior woodward; Leo Kauffmann of
]-I?alo-'Alto, grand senior beadle; John
"Foppiano of San Francisco, grand
ivnicr bea<Jl»; grand trustees — W. H.
.D-onahue of Pleasanton, M. F. James of
•S-j:' Jiise, F. A. Parker of Lompoc. C.
S'ecord of Napa ar.d John G. Chase of
£ran Francisco.
Sp«cla! IXspstch to The Oil!.
Peaches — Early varieties, such as
Alexander, Hale's Imperial and St.
: John, show well generally, crop fair.
; Early and late Crawfords, Foster, El
; berta, Susquehanna and other similar
! midsummer freestone varieties are very
light, not more than a third of a full
crop. Yellow midsummer clingstones,
such as the Chili, Lennon, McDevltt
and Orange, will not produce a quarter
of a croj. Levy, Phillips and George
! late clings, varying reports^ the last
being almost entirely short and the
others about half a crop or less. Sal
ways (late freestone), usually heavy
bearers, may produce about one-half a
full crop. •
Pears— Generally full.
Grapes — Never looked better. Crop
seems to be assured.
Olives — Blossoming fully.
Oranges — Trees just coming into
blossom. Their late bloom always se
cures a good crop here, and the early
ripening of Washington navels (the
only kind now being planted here ex
tensively) always secure good prices.
It may be judged from the above that
the California orchardist who is within
easy reach of a good market may rea
sonably expect fair profit for the sea
son's work.
The season's shortage has been
brought about by the sterilizing of the
blossoms by the recent long-continued
storms. If an expanded fruit blossom
catches and holds a drop of water for
several hours the moisture destroys
the pollen and prevents pollenization,
or if the fruit forms it will not mature.
When an orchard is In blossom long
continued rain is worse than a frost,
as the latter may catch one or more
varieties, but seldom destroys the en
tire crop— in fact, it has never done so
in the Newcastle foothills.
Cherries Are Shipped From Placer.
AUBURN, May 6. — The first box of
cherries from Placer County this sea
son went forward Thursday from Loo
mis. The cherries were of the
Knight's early black variety and were
grown in the Pine View orchard. The
cherry crop and pear crop in Placer
County promises well, as do also
early peaches. Plums and midsum
mer peaches, however, were badly
hurt by the recent long cold rains. The
apricot crop is also short. The grape
and olive crops will be large. Grain
of all kinds is looking well and never
before was grass more abundant.
PEACH YIELD LIGHT.
Cherries— Early red varieties good,
but plantings limited. Black Tartarian
crop medium; Knight's early black, fair
crop; Royal Annes, Centennial, Bing
and Advance, not short, but a little
light; black Oregon, full crop.
Plums and Prunes— Very full crops.
Hungarian or Gross prunes and ogohs
are full; Tragedy prunes, usually light
bearers, show good crops in many or
chards; Bur banks (a favorite), light in
many places; Diamond plums show
well, not many here yet; WIckson, Bur
bank, Diamond, Satsuma, Botan, Kel
seys and others very light— probably on
the whole there is one-third of a crop.
Apricots — Hardly an eighth of a crop.
Berries— Production of strawberries
has nearly ceased. Japanese competi
tion st Florin and elsewhere has nearly
killed the industry for the present.
Respberries, dewberries and blackber
ries, excellent crops.
The present condition of the fruit
crops is shown by the following report
received here:-.
The crops are already beginning to
move and in a few days shipments will
rapidly increase. Before the berry and
cherry crops are gone apricots, plums
and peaches will be on the road In car
load lots and the shipments will in
crease steadily until the daily output
will amount to entire trainloads.
CROPS BEGINNING TO MOVE.
The shortage seems to be general,
j but there are some exceptional cases.
Newcastle produces Ad ships to the
East a greater quantity of fresh de
ciduous fruits than any other section
! in California. The condition of orchard
| matters at this point can be regarded
; as reflecting the condition of the
'• Northern California orchards as a
I whole.
j The Newcastle orchardist is fortu
! nate in having at his door a splendid
' market, as- all the leading fruit ship
ping houses of the State are repre
sented here, as well as some of the
largest local dealers of fruits in the
State. In seasons like the present the
leading canneries are also in the field
therefore the grower may sell at
home at the highest prices every
pound of fruit he grows, or if a sea
son promises to be a good consignment
year, he mav^take chances and ship
his produce to the Eastern cities.
NEWCASTLE, May 6. — The orchards
In the Sierra Nevada foothills in
Northern California are among the
most fertile and productive in the
State. From that section the bulk of
fresh deciduous fruits of the State are
shipped to the East and elsewhere.
The- crop of 1903 from that section was
about one-half in quantity compared
with the crop of 1902, but the present
season's output will fall far below that
of last year. There doubtless will be
some consolation to the producers and
fruit shippers in the knowledge that
reports from the Eastern, Middle
Western and Southern States indicate
that there will be a good demand for
California fruit this year and that re
turns from either f. o. b. sales in Cali
fornia or In the Eastern .auction mar
kets will be of a satisfactory nature
and that the less than one-half of a
full crop will net a larger profit than
was realized from the full crop of
1902 and possibly nearly or quite as
large a profit as in 1903.
SHORTAGE IS GEXERAIa
BpeclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
ENTERPRISE, Or., May 6.— The two
desperadoes, supposed, to be Dick
Barkley and William Gale, who robbed
the Imnaha Postofllce and then sur
rendered to a lone sheepherder, under
thG v deluslon that he was the leader of
a posse, are still at large. sThe bandits
were encamped in the brush Thursday
at midnight when a , band of cayyses
stampeded and rushing through the
brush made the robbers believe they
were^ being . surrounded. When the
sheepherder appeared the desperadoes
tamely. gave, up their rifles. He con
ducted them to his camp, where their
suspicions were aroused and, after a
few questions, they learned that no
posse was * about. The sheepherder
thereupon was forced to cook a supply
of food for the bandits, after which
they; tied him' in his cabin and fled
( toward Snake River. Barkley and
Gale served time in the penitentiary
for . train robbery, but were pardoned
by Governor Chamberlain. ¦ ( . ,
Watsonville Is Unanimously
"Selected as the Place for
'.: Holding the Next Session
Believe That the Increase
in Prices Will Cover the
Falling Off in Quantity
Learning of Their Blunder
They Their Cap
tor and Again Get Away
GROWERS ARE HOPEFUL
It was only after a hard eearch and the
running down of many clews that Constable
Krum and Deputy Sheriff Cooper of TCeswick
and myself located the cabin at the mine oc
cupied by the robbers. There we discovered
evidence of the fact that the men. while In
hiding, had stationed lookouts to watch every
approach. It was shortly after finding; the
cabin that we got our clews that led to the
Identity of the three men and verified suspi
cions that we had entertained for some days.
Since them w e have vigorously pursued
them, and all but had them In our grasp on
April 28, when George Gates got a tip that
we were after him. In the meantime, through
the assistance of Sheriffs and their "deputies
and constables in various sections of that part
of the State and. my own force of men, we
have been rapidly accumulating evidence which
shows that for nearly eight months these men
had been engaged in hold-up work. They were
involved in the holding up of a saloon at Edg
wood in February, and the same month • they
robbed a saloon In Kcnnett.. Further Infor
mation we have received regarding their ope
rations farther north convinces us, as well
as the Oregon authorities, that ¦ two ! of the
men, one of them George Gates, were the same
that robbed an electric car In Portland some
time ago. ..when two* passengers were killed.
We have" also traced them to Seattle, where
another robbery occurred. The descriptions in
each instance compare accurately with those
of the men we are now looking for. .
CHARGED WITH MANY CRDIES.
According to the information in the
possession of Agent Crowley, George
Gates is badly wanted in Amador
County on a charge of robbery in Jack
son on April 11, 1902. On that night
a merchant, returning home from his
store, was held up by a masked man
and escorted back to his place of busi
ness, where It was , the evident inten
tion of the robber to compelrfkim to
open his safe. -. . .
Unfortunately for the plans of the
robber the merchant's partner was still
in the store and when the partner saw
his business associate enteT, quietly
with a masked man he reached for ; a
shotgun and sent a charge of shot into
the side of the robber, who, however,
managed to escape. For the capture
of Gates in connection with this crime
IDENTITY IS COMPLETE.
We have followed very closely every clew
In this case and have ample evidence to fully
establish the connection of the Gates and Ar
nett with the robbery. After blowing: up the car
and k'llinsr the messenger the three men
forced the engineer to carry them on his en
gine to Keswlck, where they left the engine
and crosxed the river. They Immediately doubled
back a few yards below, crossing the river
acain en a pipe line to a point on the river
side, where their tracks were lost the follow
ing mornlnff. We afterward found that they
had proceeded along the outskirts of Keswick
and finally reached a rendezvous in an aban
doned mine at NlBBer Hill, quite remote from
civilization. At this place they had previously
camped at intervals during a period of more
than three months, and from there, we will
be able to show, they went out on different
jobs, amoge them several robberies, Including
the hold-ups on two different occasions of the
Wcavervllle sta~e.
Of their connection with the Copley
robbery and the killing of Messenger
O'Neil, Agent Crowley said yesterday
that there is not the slightest doubt
that the Gates boys and Arnett com
mitted the crimes and will be conviced
when captured. Crowley and his as
sistants, William Ahern of Sacramento,
Patrick Kindelon of this city and
Sheriff J. L. Richardson of Shasta
County, have been working constantly
on the Copley robbery since the night
of its commission and it !s mainly due
to their untiring efforts that the crime
was finally traced to the Gates boys
and Arnett and plans for their capture
devised. Discussing the affair yester
day Crowley said:
TRACED TO LOXELY CABIN'.
Edwin Vernon Gates is 21 years of
age and was raised in Alameda County;
but, owing to his waywardness, he has
become well known in Chlco and Shasta
and Siskiyou counties. Arnett is only
24 years old, but more of a hardened
fellow. He was born in Modoc County,
was raised at Klammath Falls, and is
well known throughout the upper sec
tion of the State from Shasta north
ward and in Southern Oregon. He
began his career as a r.iiner. but soon
drifted into the habits of the lower
order of gamblers, and is regarded as
a thoroughly bad man.
The last seen of the trio was in Jack
son County. Oregon, April 22, where
they were "hoboing" along the route of
the railroad In the direction of the
northwestern boundary of that State.
On April 2S Special Agent Crowley and
several of his assistants planned to
capture the three men, but George
Gates, in some mysterious manner, be
came advised of the fact that the pur
suers were close on his trail and he
and his companions disappeared.
The Gates are brothers and the sons
of.G. G. Gates, a prominent mine
operator In Amador County, who is a
highly respected resident of Alameda
and a man who has long suffered hu
miliation by reason of the wayward
careers of the two young men. George
Gates Is the elder of the two and
possesses a high degree of intelligence.
He has been identified with mining in
Amador County, where he spent the
early part of his life, and is well known
in Oakland and Alameda, where he has
taken an active part in athletics and
earned for himself the reputation of a
clever boxer.
BROTHERS ARE SUSPECTED.
Three men are wanted for the Copley
robbery, and while the search for them
is proceeding the detectives of the
Southern Pacific Company are piling
up evidence of a most damaging char
acter, which not only connects the trio
with the affair of March 31, but with
previous robberies that occurred in
Northern California and in Oregon dur
ing a period of many months. The men,
for, whom nearly every peace officer, in
Northern California, Oregon, "Wash
ington, Montana, Wyoming, Nevada
and Utah is now looking, are George
Gates, Edwin Vernon Gates and James
Arnett, all of whom have been more or
less identified with crime in this State
and Oregon for several years, but who
have so far escaped imprisonment, al
though badly wanted in a number of
sections.
The identity of the men that held up
the southbound Oregon express at
Copley, Shasta County, on the night
of March 31 and, after killing Messen
ger W. J. O'Neil, blew^up his safe and
demolished the express car with dyna
mite, has finally been thoroughly estab
lished. Yesterday, through the medium
of C. C. Crowley, chief of the railroad
special agents, the Southern Pacific
Company, with which Wells, j Fargo &
Co. is co-operating, inaugurated over
the entire coast a hunt for the robbers,
which is expected to soon result in their
qapture and punishment for the many
crimes of which they are strongly sus
pected.
Delegates baxqueted
GIVE UP THEIE KIFLES
Surrender to Sheepherder,
Believing Him to Be the
Leader of Pursuing Posse
Yield in Northern Section
of California -Will Be Far
Below That of Last Year
Foresters of America Elect
Officers and Fix Per Capita
: .Tax for Ensuing Year
Sleuths Preparing to
Fasten Crime on
Three Miners.
GRAND COURT
ENDS LABORS
BANDITS SHOW
WHITE FEATHER
BIG SHORTAGE
IN FRUIT CROP
COPLEY TRAIN ROBBERS KNOWN
TO THE RAILROAD DETECTIVES
THE SAN; 1 FRANCISCO 'GALL; ; SATURDAY, MAY 7^
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEME2JTS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AHEJUCA2V LINE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg- — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at U:Ul> a. m.
St. Paul May 14 St. Louis May 2S
Philadelphia ...May 21i Germanic June 4
ATLANTIC TBANSPORT LINE.
New York — London Direct.
Minnehaha May 14, 4 p. m.
Minneapolis May 21. 10:30 a. m.
Mesaba May 2S. 9 a. m.
Mlnnetcnka June 4, li> a. m.
Only first-class passengers carried.
SOMTHXOir X.ZNE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Southwark ....May 14j Labrador May Zi
Canada May 21 1 Kensington ...June 4
HOLLAND-AMERZCA LINE.
New Twin-Scrtw Steamers of 12.000 Toes. '
New Tork — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Potsdam May 10 Ryndam May 21
Rotterdam May 17, Norlam May -il
yrvn STAR LINE.
Hew Tqrk — Antwerp — Paris.
From New Work Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Kroonland May 14 Vinland May 23
Zetland May 21|Vader!anrl June 4
WHITE STAB LUTE.
Sew Tork — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Teutonic. May 11.10 am.: Majestic. May 25,10 am
Celtic. May 13, 4 p.m.! Arabic. .May 2T. 4 p.m.
Cedrlc.May IS. 7 a.m.! Oceanic. June 1, 8 a.m.
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric May ID. June lti. July It
Cretlc June 2. June 30. July
Republic (new) June 0, July 7, Aug. 11
BOSTOXT MEDITERRANEAN SERVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar. Naples, Genoa.
ROMANIC May 14, June IS. July :tO
CANOPIC May 2S. July 2. Aug. 27
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
—AND—
STs MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. SX. RAUL
CAPTAIN C E. LIXDQUIST.
(Caxryln* U. S. Malls.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JUNE 2t 2t F>. A\.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Steamers
for Fairbanks and ill points on KOTCKUK.
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NOBTHEXST COiniSECIAL CO-
623 Crosslry building. Cor. Mission and New
Montgomery sts.. Sa'h Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA
-y .*« "(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
B 8. AMERICA MARC
.....Thursday. May 13. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Coin.
rany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
¦ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. May 14. 11 a.m.
g' S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Syndey, Thurs.. May 2B. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahltlt. May 20, 11 a. m.
I D.SPRICXELS & BSOS. Ca,HB.,TiClBt (MC3 643 Hll-
UtSL. rreiflu (fflcs 329 Mar&t si, Fig 7, h:&i ?l
Kara Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejc*
T a. m.. 12:30 and « P. nu. except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Far* SO c«ar<.
Tel. Main 15CS. Pier S. Mlssioa-st. dock.
HATCH BRO3.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
>n^ Steamers leave Broadway
/£vi5s-&£v wharveB. piers 9 and 11.
tV 1 /^ "¦ >S^ San ¦ Francisco.
/lT'Tn>» «fc ViA For Ketchlkan. Wrany?!.
I I Vt*r«a I I Juneau. Halnes, Skagway.
\ I \VmiJ / p tc. Alaska— 11 a. m.. May
\*\ V, Veil 5. 10.. 15. 20. 25. 30, June *
\V^*J_y<jJ Change to Company' s steam-
« rs at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port lowhsssd. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, B«l-
Hngham — 11 a. m.. May 5. 10. 15. 20, 23. 30.
! June 4. i Change at Seattle to this company's
sttamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to
1 C. P. Ry.
For Kureka (Hutnboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m. May 4. 10, 16. 22. 2S; Spokace.\ 1:30
p. m.. May 1. 7. 13. 10; Corona. May 23. 3L
For Los Angeles (via Port Lou Angelas and
Redondc). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anreles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mou-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3»n
Luis Oblapo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. May 7. 15. 2.1. 31, June 8.
Santa. Crux. 0 a. m. (freight only). May 3, It.
For Ensenada,- Majrdalena Bay. San Jose <lel
Co bo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Gu*ymas (Mm.). 10 a. rn.. Tth of each
month. - For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET Omens — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace HotelMO Market st. and Broad-
: way wharves. Preiglit Ofilce 10 Market st.
C. D, DUXAN'N, General Passenger Agent.
• 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. wilt
¦ call for and check bagnrage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
'Azores. Gibraltar, Kaples, Genoa,
"ROMANIC" May 14. June IS, July 30
"CANOPIC"......May 28, July 2. Aug. 27
These - steamers are the largest in the
Mediterranean service. First class*. $S0 up-
ward. Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.
boston to Liverpool q^o™
"CYMRIC" May 19. June 18. July 14
"CRET1C" ~.June 2, June SO; July- 28
"REPUBLIC" .June 9. July 7. Aug. 11
First class. $eo and JOS upwards, accord-
Ing to steamer.
For plans! etc.. apply to
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific
, Coaet. 21 Post st.. 9an Francisco.
jfamburg-Jkmerican.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Servic*
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG, HAMBURG.
THE GREAT OCEAN PI.TZIB,
S. S. Deutschland
- 6S8& ft." long — 23VJ knots average speed.
Sails May 12. June 9. July 7. Aug 4.
t*Moltke .......May CjPatrtcU May 21
Bulgaria ......May 7fPalatla May 25
•DeutchIand:...May 12:t*Bluecher .....May 2t5
Pennsylvania ..May 14 Belgravla ......May 23
K "Has grill room and tgymnaslum on board.
. HAMBTJBG-AMEBICAW I.IHE.
Offices 35 and 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. R. St N. CO.
OREGON sails ' April 27, May T. 17. 27. Jun»
9, IS and 26. GEO. W. ELDER sails May 2,
IX 22 June 1, 11 and 21. Only steamship Una
to PORTLANDS OR., and short rail Hue from
Portland to all ~ points East. - Through ticket*
to all • points. Steamer tickets ' include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. <u
II a. m. . S. F- BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.: C CLIFFORD, den.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
COIPiSNIX OIHXRAU TBAlf aATLAirTIQir&
DIRECT LINE TO . HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday instead of *&&»*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •¦«*»«£••
North River, foot of Morton st.
| First class- to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buildings.
New Ycrk." J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. I
Tickets sold by ail Railroad Ticket Agents.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
PULPIT ROCK.
BEAUTIFUL SIERRA MOUNTAINS. Pj^^^^^SM^a
ECHO CANYON {S^ST
WEBER CANYON %?// £?^^|j!Sft!§i
DEVIL'S SLIDE ¥lj jSS^j&&tt
Southern -Union Pacific L^^y
FAST TOURIST CARS UPSIlilJfi!
ST. LOUIS and return - - $67.50 II^^^B
CHICAGO and return - - $72.50 WfimSIm
•DATES OF SALE TO EXPOSITION [,^^^^^^^^S
JUNE I, 2, 15, !6, 22, 23
Later Dates Will Be Announced. *•«£-' J??.4c!» il^n
S. F. BOOTH, GENERAL AGENT, U. P. R. R.
i Montgomery Street, y^jj^^SBte^t^^
Or any Southern Pacific Agent. f J S^liiilr^y'
5/fo/tr <c*5&> Ar
5mok£ *&? 5/ir/sms.
jg —^r
E:XI5 DTFlf ffWo KpPMp 50* •^8£ 5127?
Carpet remnants, Serged ends. In lengths up to a yard and a half. Ax-
. minsters, Body Brussels and Tapestry Brussels. Oriental. Floral and Per-
sian effects. Some very choice designs. Your choice while they C(\f%
last, to-night only OUtr
j| A MILLION KOMPING, ROY- g
i Jl®&@^et<&&}^ STERING AMERICAN BOYS,
H fWw^ * ho kind VSsX eat too much pie
ft W& Tv^w^afc -whenever they ffet a chance,
ll *!m* roMa know that thero's a sweet little
m g\7% JSJlOl fraarrant medicine tablet — a
U !rTr .^^"^ JP*lf pleasure to eat it— that cure3
¦ LJ&ta&.'V W&V that torture of childhood —
i MlSi^W 5 I SMALL BOYS' OOLIO. Some-
I \R&a&ES®F> f <2 times the little jrirla get it too
M Wg&E$r*/ \& —but OASOARETS Candy Ca-
ll ¦¦' W^-"^ Ju* thartio, the perfect bowel and
A la^: liver medicine and preventive
1 ° f childhood's ailments, keep E
2 (ialfirfKTsllff^^^^^^ tho chUdren's stomachs and EN
J . '^^^ systems always in perfectly g
« y^>ii*B«BHHK§B* healthy condition. Wise moth- I
1 f era always keep a box handy in g
H fs JWtafiBMmiJEl^niifr- the house. All druggists, lOc, |
a 25o » 6Oa Be sure Yon gret the K
1 fjBiawMtiffiSm > genuine —each tablet marked
1 /fWu&'Trvrm J¥ O.OO. . Sample and booklet
I / (to ' ~^^^L a "TAit« BTERUrTO RlUMTimv <1<^ .
I [to m?u£i Chicago or New York.
I ANNUAL BALE^-TEW MILLION BOXES 1
|; Greatest In the World , « JHOLLISTER. May «.— Carl E. Jefferson the
wen-year-old *on of Attorney L. W. Jeffer
son, was run over by a team to-day and re
ceived a serious fracture of the skull, necessi
tating the removal of «om« of the bone* vi
the forehead.
• :. .BERKELEY,, May.; 6.— The Univer-.
pity-avenue -line; of 'the Oakland Tran
sit Company hits been completed from
San Pablo avenue • to ; the bay and cars
were run over the . line i for the first
time to-day. The .'new College-ave
nue lljne ' was finished, yesterday and
cars began to run at once. •
Finish University- A venue Line.
An orange measuring twelve inches
in diameter and weighing nine pounds
has been grown by F. Gerber of Braam
River, Kouga, South Africa.
OAKLAND. May 6.— A new trial
was denied John Neeley, a Berkeley
nurseryman, to-day by. Judge Ells
worth in the suit brought against him
by Mary Lanigan. in which she was
awarded $11,000 damages by a jury
for. his failure. to marry her after.hav
ing agreed to do so. Thie case. will be
appealed to the Supreme Court.
Denied u New Trial.
Aiitoinoblll>ts Are Jailed.
ALAMEDA. May 6. — Harvey H.
Dana, a local capitalist! and Robert
¦Elliott, chauffeur for E. J. Dodge;
were arrested to-day and Jailed at the
City Prison for violating. the automo
bile ordinance. Dana failed to toot
his horn . when turning corners and
vras arrested by Policeman Keyes.
Dodge was making a speed track out
of a public street and was taken into
custody a little later. Both were re
leased on baiL
Mrs. C. U. Brewster. 'Miss Addie Blood Miss
Emma Davles. Miss Henrietta Frear. ' Miss
Florence French. Miss Linda Kemp, Mia* Mary
MaVsh. Mrs. T. J. McMannls. Mies Louie Pierce
Miss Edith SchnUe. Miss Faith Sturtevanti
Mlrs Edith Swain. Mrs. J. P. Van*. Mlsa Vio
let Wakeneld. Miss Clarlbel Williams, Miss
Edith Williams. Ml«» Lucia Ollrer. Miss Alta
Donahoo. Miss Mary Rum. Mlsa Minnie Sareve
Mlsa Xeal.
The society will also hare charge of the
merry-go-round, and among those that will be
In attendance there are:
The souvenir programmes, which wlU be sold
by the Cast Oakland Kindergarten, are filled
with half-tons Illustrations of the grounds. In
teresting data ccncernleg each charity repre
sented and a shcrt history of how the annual
garden party came to be. . - , __
Margery Cocgan. Helen Cooran, Helen Lowden,
Lottie Morrison.
Mis* Ueorgie Cope and Miss Margaret Knot —
of recent "Geisha" fame — will ass 1st Bernard
Miller In his vaudevyie shew, and If they are
as clever to-morrow as they were at Mlsa
Cope's musical they will certainly be strong
attractions. Hartley Peart has also prepared
a specialty for the vaudeville and there are
still "others," exceedingly clever others, it is
said. - ,
OAKLAND, May 6. — Suit for divorce
¦u-aa begun to-day by Fred Miller
against Rosa Miller on the ground of
habitual Intemperance. They were
married in 1884 and have tvro chil
dren.
Says Wife Drink-.
OAKLAND, May 6. — City 'Auditor
A. H.. Breed has rejected the demand
of J. H. McMenomy for salary as City
Councilman from April 1. 1901, to
March 21, 1903. McMenomy contested
A. S. Ruch's seat and won in the Su
preme Court, but a decision was not
rendered until March of this year.
Ruch served the term and drew the
salary McMenomy claims from the
city. The claim was referred by Au
ditor Breed to City Attorney McEIroy,
who decided, that Ruch. was entitled to
draw the salary and. that the city, of
Oakland Is not responsible to Mc-
Menomy. , , ,' .
Rejects 3lc3Ienomy's Claim.
OAKLAND, May 6,— Constable Ed
Weidler, who has, had charges of mal
feasance in office filed against him by
the United States; Fidelity and Guar
anty Company, which acts as a bonds
man for himThas not yet been found
by the Sheriff's deputies that are look
ing for him In order to serve him with
a summons to appear in court and an
swer ' the charges. He, however, has
ten days in which to make an appear
ance and no action can be taken be
fore that time. •
Wchller Not .Yet Found.
The great Floto circus continues to
attract large crowds and the last per
formance will be given Sunday night.
At the matinee to-day the smallest
pony In the world will be christened
"San Francisco." The ceremonies will
take place in the menagerie and •will
be a great event for the children.
To Christen Pony.
OAKLAND, Way 6.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Macpherson
Harrison. 27. and Eliza E. Hoffmann,
20, both of West Berkeley: Domingo
S. AllegTe, 25, and Franclsca B. de
Azevdo, 18, both of Alvaraflo: Wil
liam D. Prescott, 25. and Nellie M-
Hinkley. 23, both of Oakland: Charles
M. Cooper, over 21. San Francisco,
and Eleanor F. GoodalL'over 18, Oak
land.
Ma rriaje Lleeniw^
OAKLAND, May 6. — The funeralof
the late Edward C. Hagar, assistant
cashier of the Oakland Bank of Sav
ings, was held this morning from the
family residence on Prospect Heights.
The Rev. C. R. Brown, pastor of the
First Congregational "Church, 'of
ficiated.. The pallbearers were R. C.
OUphant, George Hawley. E., B» de
Golia, L. F. Cockroft, John G. Hoyt
and R. B. Thompson. The body was
Incinerated at the Oakland Crematory-
E. C. Hagar*s Funeral.
Miss Marti struggled and fought so
desperately that she managed to free
herself from the choking hold upon
her throat- With one scream of ter
ror the girl sprang away from her as
sailant and ran. Still crying for help,
the attention of a passing pedestrian
was attracted. The newcomer, a man,
ran to the terrified girl's assistance
and escorted her out of harm's way.
Her assailant disapoeared. '.V'-'C:
HA Y WARDS, May 6. — Norma Mar
ti, 16 years of age, was attacked last
night shortly after sundown in the
public park while on her way home.
The girl was seized by a man, who
suddenly caught her by the throat
from behind and attempted to drag his
victim Into the underbrush off the
main walk.
Strange Man Assaults Norma Marti
.While She Is on Her Way Home
nt Hay\rardH.
, OAKLAND, May 6. — At a special
meeting of the Board of Fire and Po
lice Commissioners to be held on Mon
day afternoon the charges preferred
by John J. Mulvey, a crippled news
boy, against Patrolman John P., Scan-
Ian will be heard. The charges grew
out of an alleged assault made by the
policeman on the newsboy on March
24 and have already been disposed of
in the Police Court, where Scanlan
was ordered to pay a fine of $25 for
battery. • . .
The Commissioners heard the
charges read at their meeting this af
ternoon, but as Mulvey alone was
present and no witnesses had been
subpenaed they decided to set the
ense for a future hearing.
Fire and Police Board Sets Monday as
the Day for Final
Hearing.
ATTACKS YOUNG GIRL
IN A PUBLIC PARK
OFFICER SCANLAN'S
CASE IS CONTINUED
Although every possible effort has
been made to keen the fact a secret,
''it leaked out yesterday that the trans
continental Inspection committee, con
sisting of representatives of all ter
minal lines, has been holding a secret
meeting in Monterey during the last
three days considering different mat
ters relative to the transcontinental
freight tariffs. One of the most im
portant questions to California ship
pers to be reviewed at the meeting will
be the advance of 20 cents on the rate
for canned corn, many shippers having
protested against the increased tariff
fin the ground that ft! was excessive.
The Southern Pacific Company is be
ing represented at the conference by
General Freight Agent Luce and the
Santa Fe by Assistant Traffic Manager
Blssell and General Freight Agent
Chambers. The Canadian Pacific,
Great Northern and Northern Pacific
are also represented by their general
freight agents.
Holding: Secret Conference.
OAKLAND. May 6. — Officials of the
Santa Fe Railroad, Including Presi
dent E. P. Rioiey. General Manager
A. G. Wells. Chief Engineer W. B.
Story and Division Superintendent
Walker, made an in?r>ecting tour over
the new line from Point Richmond
into Oakland last night. They re
mained in the president's private car
-•over night and this morning went to
8as Francb»eo. v'v
Effort is being made to Induce Pres
ident Ripley to remain on the coast
and attend the opening celebration on
May 16 in thi* city, when the first
regular passenger train is booked to
arrive.
Oakland Over Road and Vicw
Tennlnus.
Pre*dd«-nt Ripley and Other* Ride Into
SANTA FE OFFICIALS
INSPECT NEW LINE
OAKLAND. May 6. — Mrs. Mattie
McGinnis, residing at 508 Telegraph
avenue, reported to the police to
night the disappearance of her 10
year-old daughter, Birdie! during the
morning hours. The motner left the
child at her store and went as far as
the express office to transact some
business. When she returned a short
time later the door of the shop was
open and her daughter gone. A num
ber of articles of clothing belonging
to the latter were also missins.
Mrs. McGinnis says she then visited
the home of Mrs. McComb at 812
Sixteenth street.- where the child had
been in the habit of going. Mrs. Mc-
Comb told the anxious mother that
little Birdie had been there and stated
that owing to trouble between her pa
rents she was going to her father, who
is in Fresno. Mrs. McGinnis said the
story of the parents' separation is
true, but whether the child went to
Fresno the mother has not ascer
tained.
Mrs. Matlle McGlnnls Returns Home
to Find Ten-Year-Old Daughter
Gone.
"I am greatly pleased with my
classes as a. whole, but there is one
thing I cannot stand, and that is the
continual buzz of talk that goes on
in the back of the room while I am
giving my lectures. Now, I think it
Is a lot of girls from Oakland who get
together there to discuss the latest
styles in dress who are responsible for
most of the noise. I am going: to take
stringent measures next term to pre
vent any more of It."
BERKELEY, May 6. — Professor H.
Morse Stephens, the historian, devoted
a part of his lecture In history at the
University of California this morning
to co-ed delinquencies. It seems that
the srirls have not listened to Profes
sor Stephens with the rapt attention
that should be theirs and really have
turned his classes into a sewing bee.
This, of course, is all very annoying
and when the historian could stand It
no longer he burst out with these
words:
Professor H. Morxo Stephens Says
Their Shirtwaist Dlseus*ions in
Classroom Annoy Him.
LECTURES CO-EDS WHO
TALK DRESSMAKING
CHILD'S DISAPPEARANCE
CAUSES MOTHER ANXIETY
Progrcv Federation Rpcommend<
That City Conncil Make the Call
!Wor»- June 18.
OAKLAND. May 6. — The Progress
Federation, composed of delegates
from the Improvement club?, has vot
ed in favor of the submission of the
bond election scheme to a vote before
June 18, the close of the school term.
If that date be impossible the feder
ation mill recommend to the City
Council that the election be held dur
ing the last week in August. The
Letter Carriers' Association has noti
fied the federation that it favors
bonds. ,
Standing committees of the federa
tion have been named as follows:
Membership— T. W. Jeffrey. H. B. Belden.
Frank C. Farr. A. G. Taft. Fred Gtrtner and
X. Dodge Coplin.
Pre*« and Literature — John T. BclL Charles
& Green*. W. G. Hawes. M. M. Barn«?tt, Rev.
J. B. MrNally.
Camr»iirn— H. B. Belden. J. C. Bullock, A.
V. Fetgfcl- Carrtaln C. P. Welch and George
Fi i 'r
Finance — John Tule. F. A. Steam*. V. L.
Kortln. D. C. Brown and Georre fi. Eva na.
Execotlie — Wilbur Walker, Jamrs g. Nsl
emtth. A. V. Fe'.rht, B*n O. John*oa and W.
E- Gibson.
Auditing— H. C Ir.rr«m. W. H. Erslth and
U\ H. K1al:e
I'KGES EAKLY DATE _.
FOR BOND ELECTION
Arbor Villa ha« been the scene of great activ
ity to-day, and now everything Is -In readiness
for the day of day*— the long looked for May
fete. Of the hundreds of society girl* who will
willingly work for charity to-morrow at least
half a hundred will be found . at the Central
Kindergarten's. icecream booths... A mons the at
tendants there will be Misses Helen Nelson.
Alice Nelson. Helen Crane. Nina Dyer, Alice
Pcorman, Mabel Cooley. Carolyn Palmanteer.
Lucy Shlnn, Marie Plaw. Jean Downey, Edith
Beck, Carolyn Williamson. Kittle Stone, Lout**
Stone.. Ruth Kale*, Jessie Fox. Dottle Evercon,
Lucretia Hurnham, Alice Conklin. Martha Cof
fin. Jane Orellin. Margaret Sinclair. Mary
Meux. Ethel Creilln. Mollle Mathes. Ethel Sims
Myrtle Slais. May Coogan. Gladys Brlgham.'
Heulah Brlgham, Gladys Coffin, Edith Coffin.
Madalir.e. Clay. Susie Harrold, Elizabeth Or
rlck, Alice Earl. . Muriel Kelley. Isabel Scup
ham, Amy Hill, Vera Cope, Enid Lawton, Laura
Haven. Nettle Jordan, France* Williamson,
Alice Shinn. Mary Englehardt, Edna Whitney
Ethel:: Johnson, Ella ; .Thayer, " Irene - Farretl,
lX>rot hy Taylor. • Harriet - Stone, < Marlon Stone,
Mr*. Guy Gould Is vice president cf the
King'* Daughters' Circle and chairman of the
reception committee. She was assisted In her
hospitable duties last evening . by Miss Janet
Hnight. M!ss Elizabeth Thoma*. Miss Louise
Franck. Mlsa Harriet N'ye. Miss Lucy Coe. Mrs.
Ray E. Gilaon. Miss Mary Fort In. Miss Henri
etta Simpson, Mrs. G. Erwln Drlnckerhoff. Mis*
Pearl Klncsland and Mr*. E. n. Baker. '
Clement Rowlands Is director of the choir,
which is quite a large one. and the other solo
ists are Mrs. C. B. Dexter. Miss Ruth Water
man and Frederick Veaco of dan Francisco.
Miss de Frrmcry 1* the organist.
One of the largest and most interesting church
affair* in months was the reception given by
the King's Daughters of the First Presbyterian
Church to the members of the choir last night.
Fully two hundred guests were crowded into the
elaborately decorated parlors of the. church, and
as the ladies to the assemblage all wore pretty
evening gowns the »c*n- was an attractive one.
A delightful prcgramme of vocal music was
rendered hj. the Athenian Club Quartet —
Mes«T8. Crvhdell. McCandlich. Redfield and
Lloyd — and;by Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter and
the Mlsees SValerman.
The Monday Evening Five Hundred Club en-
Joyed a pleasant reunion this week at the home
ot Dr. and Mr*. Boyes. R. C. Craft and Fred
L. Button carried off the prlies.
To-morrow evening this club, which generally,
contrives to have the merriest kind of a time,
will form ft box party to »e<» the Nclll com
pany in "A Ollded Fool" at Te Liberty Thea
ter, and on the evening of May 11 the mem
bers will give a dinner at urae prominent San
Francisco grill. This will close the season
for the club, as many of the members are pre
paring to leave Oakland for the summer. The
Monday Club Includes In Its membership: Mr.
and Mrs. R. C. Craft. Mr. and Mr*. Gilbert L.
CurtlM. Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Laymance. Mr.
and Mrs. E. B. Davis Dr. and Mrs. H. B.
Mehrmann. Dr. and Mrs. E. J. Boyea. Dr.
and Mrs. E. B. Itoye*. Mr. and Mrs. Fred L.
Button. Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Schrock. Mr. and
Mrs.W. F. Burbank. Mr. and Mrs. J. Walter
Scott.
• • • V
The first of a serle« of Infonnal concerts
which the Hughes Club is planning to give
took place to-day at Kohler tc Chase Hall, anil
the Innovation proved to be very pleasing to all
concerned. The first Friday of every month
the club programme will be, devoted to solo
work entirely, the participants changing with
each Buecermlve recital. Some very Interest-
Ing numbers were rendered to-day by Mra. A.
J. Bradley, Mrs. Charles Schaffer. Mls» Alice
Drennan. Mrs. E. W. Campbell. Mr». Otto
Relchel. Mlrs V. B. Mllledge and Mi«« Emma
Oripp. D. P. Hughes |« director of the Hughes
Club, which Is the largest organized choral
of women's voices on the coast.
OAKLAND. May 6.— Two very charming
glrU are to be the honored guf-sts of an equally
charming young hostess to-morrow afternoon
at the home of Miss A Ida Laymance, who will
entertain for Miss Edwina Crouch of Sacra
mento and Mi?s Alice Brltton, who Is prepar
ing to leave Oakland for S»n Francisco, where
she will reside in future. The hoBteaa" mother,
Mr». M. 3. Laymance. always entertain* with
lavish hospitality and an originality that is re
freshing, and the card party to-morrow prom
ises to be fully as enjoyable as those older
guest* have frequently enjoyed.
. A few of Mn. Laymance" s friends will assist
In entertaining, but" the majority of the gue«ts
will be members of -the younger aet. Among
those Invited are: Mr». Eugene A. Crouch.
Mrs. Job Wood, Mrs. A. L. Tbye. Mrs. Gilbert
Curtlss Mr* Perclval Walker, Mr«. Charlet
Lathrop of San Francisco, Mrs. George Darit,
Mrs. Walter T. Kellogg, Mrs. John A. Brlt
ton. Mrs. Hammer. Mrs. Lawson Adams, Miss
Alice Brltton Miss Edwlna Crouch. Ml*a Busie
Herstand. Miss Alice Angus, Ufss Rheta Kahn.
Miss Mabel Peterson. Mln Maud Howard. Miss
Anna Leimert. *MIm Ethel Johnson. MU» Elva
McCluhan. Miss Kate Van Duien. San Fran
cisco: Miss Winifred Combs, Miss Edna White.
Miss Carm«Uta' Hollls. Mies Kathryn Kuti.
Miss Sue Baldwin, Ml."* Alice Dabney, Miss
Dale Haitley. Mis* Lucy Fennewy, MIm Ada
Clark, Mies Jennie Morgan. Miss Elsa Ames,
Miss Clara Norrls English. Mlie Rosebud Hey
denfeldt. Mis Marguerite Vesper. Mies Ella
Wight. Miss Alice and Miss Lucy 8hinn. Ml*s
Anna Munger, MIsw Zuelettla Geary. Miss Ma
mie Stroud. Miss Marietta Edwards, Miss
Sophia Faull, Miss Mabel Siller. Sacramento;
Miss Alma Htrtman. Sacramento; Miss Loretta
Chlpman. Mlsa Winifred Fredericks, Miss Ha
xel. Daly, Ml»s Anna* Alberger. San Fran
cisco; Mis? Marion Vpson. Miss Elma Harmon,
MUs Alice McCord. Mies Dorlce Grayson, Miss
Alice Meaner. San Francisco; Ml*s Laura Nor
rls. |Miss Helen Hill. Miss Alma Perkln.*. Ml.<-
Florence French. Mlrs Huston Bishop, Miss
Matin Waterhous*. Miss Catharine Shannon,
Miss Eva FosBlng. Miss Vera Allen, MIm Win
ifred Otboroe, MIhs Wardlne Ellis, Miss Vtda
and Mlf« Edna Loggie. Miss Alice Pontera.
M!?« Helen Hartley. Miss Edna Dradley, Miss
Gertrude Holme*, Miss Mary Craig. Mies Mil
dred King. Miss Ethelwynne Gardener, Miss
Mabel Cooley, MIm' Maud Jackson. . Mios Es
telle Kleeman, Miss Minnie Summers. Mil's
Olive Brunlnr. Miss Ruby. MIm> Rachel and
MIh« Julia Williams. Miss Frankie Daniel. Mies
Irene Melvln and Miss Ethel Mott.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
All craduatea or former students of th£ uni
versity will be welcomed at the monthly
lunc!i»on of University of California men under
Qu auspices of the University of California
Club of Kar. Francisco, to be held at 12:15
o'clock to-morrort'* at the California Hotel.
The boatinr crew that defended the univer
sity f> succejjfully against Stanford and
Waphir.gton fc/»« elected Edward A. Bannister
captain for ihOTi. Bannteter was chosen to the
place made vacant by Captain Sterllnr Bun
ikII. whose term In collece will expire this
y»ar.
BERKELEY. May C— The memory of John
Mitchell. !»te armor-r for the cadet regiment,
I* to be perpetuated by a 8'Jitable monument
to he erected on the campus. A movement
h»« already been started to ral*e a consider
able turn ior the purchase of a tablet appro
priately inscribed. Sub^crlDtion lists are be
ing distributed, and that all may have a ahare
In the exi>»n«e of thli tribute to the revered
eoldler's memory, nabscribers have been lim
ited to contributions of 25 cent*. Hundreds of
names have already b:en appended to the
lists.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Clerk, M. L. Hurlburt; treasurer of
expense fund, Calvin O. Esterly; treas
urer church building fund. Arthur
Barllett; treasurer missionary fund.
Homer Beedle: trustees, H. L. Whit
ney. W. A. Shlppee, C. O. Esterly, W.
L. Beedle. L. S.' Geer, R. R. Bixby, H.
A. Johnston; deacons, F. W. Bartlett,
E. R. Barnes. N. P. Williams.
Arcangements have been made to
hold the first meeting at the Pacific
Theological Seminary on Sunday next
and future meetings at Stiles Hall until
a church building Is secured.
"I did everything In my power to
reconcile the factions," said Dr. Coat3
to-day, "but there are some things
that never can be mended. Each side
thinks it is conscientiously right! We
have not questioned the right of any of
the others to think as they please. No
harsh things have b»ert said and there
will be no open quarreling. It Is mere
ly a difference of opinion."
In the meantime the old church. Is
not without a pastor. There are now
two "ministers among the congrega
tion, the Rev. John Barr and the Rev.
CM. Jones,, who will supply the pulpit
until another pastor Is called. The
leaders of the majority faction refuse
to talk about the affair, preferring that,
'the troubles be ended with as little
talk as possible. Dr. Gilbert Shepherd,
a deacon of the church, ; said to-day
that there was no need for discussing
the affair and therefore declines to
talk, a position which he ' declared
would be assumed by. £11 the other
"prominent . members of the congrega
tion. - i+ : M ' - ;*' -^
Cards of withdrawal were asked for
by the minority, composed o( some
fifty members. Wednesday evening of
this week and last night a new con
gregation was formed at a meeting in
the home of E. R. Barnes of 2220
Bancroft way. Dr. Coats, having cast
his lot with the minority, was called
as pastor, the following o^her office™
being elected:
The factions first manifested them
selves four years ago, but the differ
ences became more acute a year ago
when the minority sought the removal
of the pastor, the Rev; R. Lv Halsey.
on the ground that the church was not
making progress. But the majority
prevailed and Jhat led to the Informal
withdrawal of the minority. Dr. Hal-
Bey remained as pastor until last No
vember, when he accepted "a position
as Government interpreter at Hawaii.
After Dr. Halsey's withdrawal the
minority returned to the fold and
sought a voice In the policies of the
church. It sought most of all for the
recall of two Sunday school classes
that had withdrawn with it from the
church at the time of the quarrel over
Dr. .Halsey. But the majority refused
to accept the classes so that there was
nothing else for the minority to do
but to take permanent leave. The
Rev. A. S. Coats, who had been acting
In Dr. Halsey's place, bent his efforts
toward a 'reconciliation, but met only
with failure.
BERKELEY, May 6.— Months of
quarreling have ended at last in a com
plete schism in the First Baptist
Church. The final step was taken last
night when the minority faction met
and formed a separate congregation.
It was all done very peacably, however,
and with the knowledge of the major
ity. Neither side Is so bitter that it
steks to disparage the other and the
factions deplore the whole affair, while
still maintaining their positon. The sum
of it all. is that the congregation was
not compatible and amicable disagree
ment was considered more appropriate
than open warfare.
Minister C^sts Lot With the
Minority and New Con
gregation Forms.
| PASTOR WHO HAS SECEDED
' FKOM THE FIRST BAPTIST
! CHURCH OF BERKELEY. ;>;i I
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1115 Broadway, May 6.
Charges that a husband's brutality
had caused the insanity of Mrs. Cor
nelia I-enx led the Lunacy Commission
ers t<> postpone the hearing to-day un
til children of the unfortunate woman
can be called before the commission
to testify.
T. K. Taylor, Mrs. Lenz's brother,
was responsible for the accusations
against the husband, who is Louis L-
Lcnz, en employe of the Alameda
Street Department, with residence at
540 Palace court, Alameda. Taylor re
taineti Attorney E. M. Gibs»on this
morning to handle his interests, and to
the lawyer he declared that Mrs. Lenz
had been driven mad because of her
husband's ill treatment. Taylor pro
duced a leather thongr, which, he said,
had been used in beating the woman.
Attorney Gibson said: "Further than
the h.isty conversation I had with
Taylor. I am uninformed about the
case. He was very anxious to have the
three Lens children taken before the
Commrssione*-', claiming they had fre
quently 5ntt4fered when the father
was attacking the mother. I made
representations to the Commissioners,
and the Sheriff was directed to pro
duce the children to-morrow morning."
Taylor resides In San Francisco.
Lenz a?5erts that the story of cruelty
i« made out of whole cloth. He tells a
story of domestic suffering borne of his
wife's mental disturbances that is far
from indicating brutality.
The accused man declares that for
many months his wife's mind has been
failing, but because of affection for
her he hesitated to have her taken from
home.
Lenz for six months had been com
pelled, after a hard day's work, to
attend to all of the household duties,
cook meals and care for {he children.
His nif* continued to prow worse, and
he moved to his mother's home that
she might assist in watching over the
demented woman.
Lenz had Dr. T. P. Tisdale to at
tend h!s wife. The physician bears out
the husband's statements.
Comi+r.r A irtll set a lunch a? its armory,
corner Twelfth and Harri*on *tre*Ka. en Me
r=f>ri«l -ley at 1:30. to Appotnatt-iX Tort.
Jc* H<v7k<»r Pci>t. Lookout Mountain Port. Ap
- ¦*¦•••? Relief Cnmr *n& Lookout Mountain
Relief Corr* •** irrit^d.
Revelli* fcy Bugler* MlJler ar.d Harris *A
i\ rapany A. V. R. N. G. C; "Star-Spangled
fc*naer." by the band; Introduction ef presi
dent of the day br J. Wtnk>r: remarks Ly
caairaan of the d«y. J. E. McEIroy. City At
torr.ej ; ucfuriirg of flag, band playing "Amer
ica," by RtjTncnd Tracer*. . grandson cf a
veteran, asrieted by Sergeant Fherwond ej;C
Cvrporal Du"*ler; reading Lincoln's Gettys
burg a-: -:-•-> by Prcrf*-«*or T. O. Crawford;
eatut* M th» flag by Company A. Veteran Uc
•erves. N. O. C. ; oration by Rev. J. B. Me
r.'aily; "Red White and Blue" by the band:
Menioris! d«y thought* by a graduate of ct.
M*ry» O:ieg»; "Taps." by Buglers Mili'r
aM Htrrlf. Cosinanv A. V. R. X. G. C.
The general committee lia« refused
to invite the Veteran Reservs to take
prut in its ob»«rvance of the day.
This action follow? a period of Ill
feeling that has existed for several
years among *ome of the Grand Army
\,o*ts and kindred organizations. So
the reserves, backed by Appomattox
Post, have arranged an independent
celebration, which will take place at
£t. Maryu Cemetery after a parade in
the morning. The reserves' pro
gramme for the day follows:
Metncriel <J«y er?min:ue« — J. Winkler <cha:r
tcani R Reynolds. F. W. Byrod.
Parade in Oakland tt 1» a. ro. by Company
A V. R N O. C\. Captain C K. King corn
trand'.ag; Appocsattcx Post. O. A. R.. Captain
tv R. Thomas eommanfling: A!axa»<ia Hospital
Ccrj* Captain J. Campbell commanding: Joe
Hoeker Po»t. G. A. H.. Alameda.
Oremonle* et <*:r.etery at II a. m.
Veteran* of ihe Grand Army of the
Republic have fallen out over the
celebration of Memorial day. As a
result there will be a double celebra
tion in Oakland. One will be conduct
ed by the regular Memorial day com
r.-.;tt«»e and th<? oth*r will be in the
liar.ds «f Company A, Veteran Re
crrves. and Appomattox Post No. 50.
G. A. R.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
HIS Broadway. May 6.
With him when Dasha died were his
wife and hJs sister, Mrs. Ward, resid
ing at 1266 Kirkham street. The body
was taken in charge by local under
takers and will be remc-ved to-morrow
to San Francisco, where the funeral
will be held. Dacha repided at 43 Ritch
street, San Francisco. He was 46 years
old, a native of Vermont.
Every attention was given Dasha at
the Receiving Hospital, but It was
foregone when he was put In a ward
yesterday that the end wa*s near.
Oakland Office San Francisco C;all,
HIS Broadway, May 6.
Wiliam F. Dasha, the San Francisco
dep*uty sheriff convicted of conspiracy
in Chinese substitution cases, died at
8 o'clock to-night at the Receding Hos
pital, where he was taken yesterday
afternoon from the Alameda County
Jail suffering from acute heart trouble,
the effect of pneumonia.
Dasha failed rapidly from the time
he began his term of one year's im
prisonment a week ago to-day. He
was so tar gone last evening that the
jail physician, Dr. C. L. Tipdale, said
there was no hope for the patient. At
the hospital to-day oxygen was used
constantly to stimulate respiration, but
the sufferer grew weaker and weaker
until death ended his pain this even-
Ing.
Mrs. J. C. Heacock, a young married
woman, turned heroine this morning
and paved her home at 213S Woolsey
street from destruction by fire. With
an Intrepidity born ef a desperate de
eire to '. prevent the destruction of
treasures she had taken years to gath
er she seized a red hot cpal oil stove
that threatened- destruction and hurled
it. through a window into the open air.
She. was rot a moment tc-o soon, for
Just as the blazing furnace of oil struck
the grouri$ it exploded.
Mrs. HeicockVect of heroism follow
ed the sudden Ignition or the oil atove
while she was engaged in cleaning it
this morning. A spark frc-m a match
fired the oil and suddenly a sheet of
flame shot high into the air. The flame
burned the young woman severely and
almost blinded her, but she did not lose
her presence of mind.
First snatching up her baby that was
playing about the floor, Mrs. Heacock
ran to an adjoining room and placed
the infant out of danger's way. Then
she grabbed a blanket from a bed and
hurriedly running back threw it aver
the burning stove. The names were
already licking the woodwork near by.
but they were Instantly smothered by
the blanket. And although the stove
was red hot, Mrs. Heacock picked it
up and threw it into the back yard of
her home, just in time to prevent its
exploding In the house: The fire depart
ment was summoned, but by the time
it arrived there was no fire to put out.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, May 6. *
I made the accusation charging Supervisor
Rowe with misconduct In office in behalf ot
the taxpayer* of this county who wont good
government and a Ju»t expenditure of th«
moneys they pay as taxes. While the char;-s
In my accusation cite but few cases of over
charges and in the aggregate do not amount to
much, still it remains a fact that this Super
visor's overcharges reach away up In the hun
dreds of dollars, and It Is a fact. also, tnat
his mileage overcharges are trifling compared
with some of thtse of ether members of this
board. During the past year Supervisor Rowe
claims to have made and taxed the county for
fifty-nine trips of from twenty-two to thirty
eight miles each In length In going to and
coming from Claremont Road District, which
adjoins the city of Oakland, and for slxty
s« ven tr!p«. from twenty-six to forty-two miles
each to Piedmont Road District, which also
adjoins this city. He charaed and collect-i
for eighty-two visits to the tunnel, which Is
by road seven and a half miles distant from
ths City Hall, for from twenty-four to thirty
eight miles each trip, and for h!s slxte-n
trips to San Francisco, which we all know is
but eight miles from Broadway, he charged
and collected for from twenty-six to thirty
two miles each. His charges for mileage are
mtstly all fabrications, though sworn to. Ail
I care further to «ay Is that this ts the first
of a " series of prosecutions to be launched
against local malefactors In office, both city
and county
Until the charges can be compare*
with the itemized bills no one can
say whether they are corrept or not.
It is known, however, that C. S. Mac-
Muilan has been going over the expense
items of the Board ft Supervisors.
Besides overcharging in the number of
miles alleged to have been traveled, a
number of charges aggregating $5 60
are enumerated where he has charged
for traveling from his home to the
Courthouse In excess of the number
of meetings allowed to be charged for
by law. It sets forth that the board
is allowed meet but five times in
each month, while he has charged for
as many as eight trips.
In addition to the charges, Gull
bault makes the following statement:
An accusation was filed this after
noon with the Coanty Clerk against
Supervisor H. D. Rowe charging him
with having overcharged the county
in his mileage bills to the extent of
$38 50 within the year and asking for
his removal from offlce. The charges
are made "by J. E. Guilbaalt. a tax
payer. v.ho Bays that his only purpose
in bringing the action Is for the good
of. the public. Supervisor Rov.e is out
of town and a statement could not be
obtained from him. Attorney Reese
Clark represents Guilbault-
Guilbaclt begins his complaint by
stating that in August, 1903, Rowe
charged' mileage to .Sacramento and
return, placing the distance nt 102
miles, whereas the distance is but IS 2.
His bill was allowed for $19 20, where
as it should properly have been for
$16 80. the overcharge being $2 40.
Twenty-seven instances of the same
sort are enunfferated where the over
charges run all the way from 60 cents
to $2 40 and aggregate a total of
$3S 50.
Friends of Rowe state that the ac
tion is begun by political enemies of
his with the intent to do him harm
in the coming election, Rowe having
announced himself a candidate for re
election. It is also said that Rowe
aroused considerable antagonism by
his action in fighting against the prop
osition to put in an expensive vault in
the Treasurer's office at an exorbitant
figure and that this has been taken
as a means to get revenge upon him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 6.
Strenuous Denial of Allega
tion Made by Husband and
the Woman's Physician
Leah F. Mott (single) to Katheriae and Jo
seph R. Murphy, lot on ' S line of San J^«<«
avenue. «5«".:S E of Resent street. E .1X:4 by
S 73. pcrticn of lot fi. map of part cf Hasttnga
Tract. Alameda: flO.
Alice Klngxbury Cooley (widow> tr» Earl K.
Cooley < married), lot on S line of ftailrcttd
nvenue. 173 E of Willow street. E 2o by 3
y»7:«. rortlcn cf lot 15. block 20. lands ad
jacent to Encinal. Alameda; $10.
John "M and Emma S. Foy to «ame. lot on
N line of Durant avenue. 375 W of Fulton
street. N ICO. W 4S». S ICO. E 5M. portion bC
lots 7 to 10. block 14. same man. Berkeley: $lv.
Robert A. and Carrie M. Rose, et alt., to
Commercial Building and Loan Association. lj,t
on E line of Moxart street. 230 3 of Railivad
avenue. S 37 :« by E 130. bflng 3 H of lot 2"J
and N l i of lot 2S. Encinal Park Tract. Ala
meda: *2«77.
RE.\L ESTATE TRAS TSACTIOX3.
Alameda Coanty.
Andrew Lan* <*in*» *nd M«^ G It*** y
?5*feet Sf lot* W. L^-ley *suar e . OtkU.*:
mmmm
Kennedy Tract (recorded May -. \*^>- "*i
W?5 U«k T B.P or Tract B. B«keJ-y
Laid and I Town Improvement Association.
C5 same map. tfcrlceley; rift. B u"diiK
i»a«-i«io State* Savings'. Loan ana Bu..ain$t
Vine V O by E 1-^:7. let 12 and portion of
lot 11 * block 1. r«uMW«on of portion of T.
M Antisells map Villa I»ta. Berkeley: »»**-
TOimF and Nir.a G. Green to Harry v, .
X*^. loVo* W line of St Charle, street
173 2 Set Kings or San Antonio avenue SW
b» \V 12tJ 54. portion of let 3. land* of Teu
tonla Park and Homestead Association. Aia.
ffi : S, h $ F 0 Mott (single) to E»«^ h « tnkn
(wife of William), let on TV line of t n ion
17 in E half of block B. lands adjacent to En
cinal. llaraeda: also lot on N line of AUnwd*
avenue 2Zo W of Willow street \V OWN
150 portion of lot 4. In E half of biock L.
JSerSS lot on N U™***!™**^????.
aoo W of Walnut street >* by N loO. lot ...
In E half of block B. same; *1O
W. V. and Helen F. Wiicher to Lillian Lecn
bart <wi>*>f Otto B). lot on S line of Albion
¦trV-t : 227:7 E of Grove. E 4*. 9 1W.4, W 4».
N 110:1V,, being W « feet of lot 30, Alcitn
Tract etc.. Oakland; lift.
John Martin or 1. M Schaeberle jainsi-> I*
John Fryer, lot on E line of W *rr£ff_»tree^
40f> N of Channlnic way. N M. E 14*. .« to v*
line of Prospect street, thenc* en curve S alors
"aid lait uSTsO-M. .«c. W 130. lot 21. map
Benton property. Berkeley; »10
Judaon and Catherine W heeler to «-. B.
Crane Grace E. Mortimer (wlf» of MV. J.) and
Jacuues l>">eb. releaiin* and discharging seconu
parties herein from covenant and condit.on
contained In 7tt D. SZi. to far as s am* affects
lot =8 and N 10 feet of lota 1. 2 and ... .tuoclc
3. Wheeler Tract. Berkeley; »1«-
Jacques and Ann* Leonard L*>eb to Mary
GraTton Camrhtll. iot on N line of Ceu^r
street. ls3:lli_W cf Euclid avenue. N UO^frorn
point of bejTnnin*. E IMUW, N 5'ij* «
112.5O S ZS lot 2H and N 10 feet lots 1 to ...
block 3. Wheeler Tract. Berkeley; *lu.
Henry Albaeh to Alexander Wachter. lot on
«E corner of Wheeler and Rassell street*. S>
101 CO by E 125. lots J» and 9. block A. Subur
ban Tract. Berkeley; $1#X>. l
George knd Stella* Hewlett. Frank «<1 E::
abeth A. Teichmann to Julia. A. Conw.IV lot
on W line of Telecraph avenue. G7.£ 3 •>.
Hew* Street. S «T.7.». W »«-«tf. X «**. n
134.3S. lot 11. Mock D. gnbur^n Tract. Berki
" Frank" and Ellxabeth A. Teichrnann. George
E. and Anna R. WeJllnston to Horace A.
Johnson, lot on SW corner of Russell and E.U
worth utreeta. W I.t3 by S 101. •». lots 1" and
11. block C. »ame. Berkeley; *10.
Horace A. Johnson <wMower> to W. O. BHtt
Ioi on SW corner of Russell and Ellsworth
street* W 90 by S 101. t». portion lota 10 and
11 blcCck C. same. Berkeley: $10.
Charles E. and Mary L. Palmer to Benja
min Bang*, lot on N tine of Durant avenue.
330 W of Fulton stwt. N 1^0. "W 74. S Mfe
E S3, portJon of lots 7 to 10. block 14. m»? «.f
block 14 College Homestead Tract, deed given
to determine grantor In 38l» P. is sarnt
party as grantee In 311 D. 48. quitclaim deed.
B«rkeley; *3
Regular Comraitteemen De
cline to Invite Company
A to Act in Celebration
of a Year's Imprisonment
Survives Only Week After
Beginning to Serve Term
RESERVES ARE IGNORED
SINKS RAPIDLY TO END
EXAMINATION DELAYED
Mother Carries Her Infant
to Safety and Then Goes
Back to Fight the Blaze
S3I0THERS THE FLAMES
Friends of the Official Say
Accusation Is Work of
His Political Enemies
ASKS FOR HIS REMOVAL
Employe of Alameda Street
Department Accused of
Driving His Wife Insane
Double Observance in Mem
ory of the Dead by th»
Yetmns of Grand Army
William F. Dasha Dies at
the Oakland Receiving
Hospital of Heart Disease
3Irs. Heacock Saves Home
From Fire by Hurling
Burning Oil Stove Away
Taxpayer Avers That the
Supervisor Has Over
charged in Mileage Bills
OLD SOLDIERS
ARE AT OUTS
SERIOUS CHARGE
AGAINST LENZ
YOUNG WOMAN
PROVES HEROINE
DEATH CLOSES
HIS SENTENCE
FILES CHARGES
AGAINST ROWE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,,' MAY 7, 1904.
DIVISION ENDS
QUARRELING IN
BAPTIST CHURCH
6
GRAPE-NUTS.
IT SETTLES AN ANNOYING
HOUSEHOLD PROBLEM.
Sec Ad on Classified Page.
Classified Advertisers in Next
SUNDAY CALL «ECEIVE
FREE— FREE— FREE
THE SIX-IN-ONE ICE PICK.
Cracks Ice on . Scientific
, . Principles.
BRING YOUR WANT AD
THURSDAY, FRIDAY 'OR
SATURDAY.
BKAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALA3IEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broad tray.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North "7.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alaroeda 4592.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1^1 II 1 HT>
Art You lnt» rested in tbo Condition of Your
TEETH?
Do you want them to look well and
work well? To be free from pain? To
be out of your mouth If they have
passed beyond usefulness? To be filled
with a permanent composition if de-
cayed? Do you want to have the neces-
sary
OEISTTMt- WOR1C
Done at Moderate cost? If you do,
come to
Fost-Graduale Dental College,
3 TATZ.OS ST.. SAN rSASCZSCO.
973 WASHrjTQTOar 8T- OASLA1TD.
SAX JOSE. - • SACSAmJTEO.
One can work the
Brain hard and
keep strong if
fed on
Grape-Nuts
The Brain food
Get the little book, "The Road
to Wellville," in each pkg.Movements of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
SATURDAY. MAY 7,
FROM SEATTLE.
Water Front Note*.
The Xonregiaa. rtearaer Terje Viken has
been chartered to load ccal at Mojl for this
Tt? Occidental and Oriental . Steamship
Company's liner Coptic arrived yesterday at
ficnglccng.
•The tug Sea. Rover left on Thursday f w
Seattle. She will tow a dredger from the
Puret Sound port to San Francisco.
The schooner Defender Is now cot 37 days
from HonoJpu for this pert and as she has
a reputation for sreed some anxiety Is felt
for fc*r safety.
The steamer CQnexnaugh. which belongs ta
the Empire Transportation. Company of Se
attle, is z&aklsg a very long voyage frcm Hon-
Rrnair* to Bear Finished.
The United States rrrenue cotter Bear left
tte shlcbuiMlcg yard of W. A. Boole A Son
yestertixy *ad ascscred la the stream. Th*
Bear has beea thoroughly overhauled and !s
tn KVd enniitioc for any kind of service that
may be demanded cf h«r. Wnlle a.t Boole's
yard the Bear's .eld bridge was torn dawn
and replaced by a new structure.
.Fire Marshal To-src and Detective
'•^i -Glfcjon are investigating a s-ds
• *.ous fire that^ occurred about 4
.ock yesterday morning in the rear
• - 0& saloon of I- Oppenheirner &.
y<-.. J>SO Sacramento street.
"»"Pe_UcemaaJJ. E. Read saw Ernoke
.- -:r.sr from the transom, and, forcing
• ectrzoce, discovered some burning
•" per In the rear. The flames were
*pe*ffiljC extinguished and then ft was
itfced that :the paper had b€«n
• Mped in five other places without
**' - n .? any material damage.
'LcViis Gory, ttie bartender, was
-*'-.vi and he said he had locked up
> !^* place ci 10 o'clock the previous
;.^.:.snd everything was all right.
Ai h? could not give a satisfactory
t-r.Fiie? zs t. o where he had been after '
Ita\^r.g the saloon he was taken to
ttt C»ty Prison and locked up in "the
tezizM.': After being questioned by the
F:re Marshal he was released from
custody.
Sun rises 5 : 07
Sen sets 7:05
Mocn rises (third quarter) ....0;48 a. m.
-3 ]Time| ITlme |Time| Tinw ~
2. { 1 Ft. [— — ( Ft. {— ~ Ft. Ft.
<* ;H W» |L W |H Wj L W]
7 14:481 4.C'U:29| 1.0| 6:40! 4.6! I
L W H W |L W H W
3 O^Ot 3.0i 6.C3 3.9;i2:17 1.3 7:26{ 4.9
9 1:25 2.7! 7:12 3> I 1:101 1.5 8:051.5.0
10 2:101 2_lt *:H . 3.81 1:54! 1.7! R:40t 5.1
11 2:52! 1.5i 9:07 4.2 2:351 1.9F 9:lBf 5.2
12 i 3:29! 1.0!10:00 4.4! 3:12| 2.0! 9:4O' . 5.2
13 : {-4:021 0.5'10:47! 4.5; 3:50f 2.2;i0:0^ 5.5
NOTE^ — In the abov* expositicn of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tne
day tn the order of occurrence as to time:' the
fourth time. column gives the last tide of the
<iay. except when there are bat three tides, as
sometimes • occurs. The h-irhts given are In j
addition to the sounding of . the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when & minus C — )
sign precedes the height, and then **? number
given . is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the -lower low waters.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants* Exchange. San Francisco, CaL.
May 6. 1904.
The time ball .' was - not "¦ dropped to-day
through failure of noon signal to trip the
] mechanism. . . . J. C. BURNETT. :
Lieutenant. U. S. - N., In charge.
Time Ball.
Steamer. . . For. r t »J Sails.
Farallcn..... Skagway * Way Ports.lMay 0
Bertha ... Valdex & Way Port*.. IMay IP
Humboldt.... Skagway * Way Ports. (May 11
Corwln Nome ;.-... May 12
Cottage City. Skagway * Way Ports. (May 13
Santa Ana... Valdei &Way Ports — IMay 1<
Dtrigo. ...;.. Ska<rway & Way Ports.lMay 1»
NomeClty... Nome ..: ...... ....(May 23
FIRE OCCURS
• IX REAR OF SALOOX
A barrel of skid rreaae broke loose on th«
•teasi schooner Santa Barbara, daring her last
trip from San Pedro to this port and until tn»
barrel smashed itself against an, iron bit all
hands or. deck had to do some lively dodging
to avoid Injury. Tfce breaking of tie barrel
released the cily contents and converted th*
schooner's deck into a skating rink. Dodging
the tarrel and chasing It in a vain attempt to
recrre it had left «H hands tired cut. trot
eiidic: arocsd on the grease proved even
mere exritlnjr. The »*a was very stormy and
water *x>ured over the sides In as almost
steady itream "Washing off sJdd grease even
with unlimited sail water H a slow process and
daring the few hour* the grease retained pos
sess! cs. walking tb* Santa Barbara's deck was
an acrobatic feat which even sure-tooted rall
orafa found almost Impossible.
Deck Was a Skating Rink.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey
Tim* and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Ray. Published by official authority or
the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hign and low waters cccur at
the city front fMf3sicn-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide U the same at both p'aces.
San," Moon and Tide.
Sttamer. Destinatioa. Sail;. I Pier.
May 7. j
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
S. Monica.. Los Angele* Ports. 10 amiPler 2
Spokane. -i Humboldt l:3Op,Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle t Tacoma. 5 pm'Pier 2O
Pt. Arena... Point Arena '.. 4 pmJPier 2
Bcnlta Newport & Way.. 9 amfPier 11
Oregon Astoria. & Portland 11 arc Pier 24
Mongolia... China & Japan....! 1 pm'Pier 40
Curacao Mexican Ports ....HO amtPicr li
.. Stay 8. II
Eureka..... Humboldt ........I 9 amjPier 13
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way.} 9 am: Pier 11
M»y 9. j - j
Acapalco... N. Y. Tta Panama. 12 m.Pler 40
Argo Eel River / Ports. .. 4 p3i|f*ier *
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pmjPier to
; May 10.
Newburg. ..{ Grays Harbor ....! 4 pmjPier 10
Pomona j Humboldt 'l:20p ; Pier 9
[ Arcata -Coos B. & Pt. Orfdil2 miPler 13
Senator....' Puget Sound Ports. 11 am'Pier 9
\ . - May 11.
Sequoia ! TVillapa Harbor 4 pm'.PIer 20
Arctic I Humboldt 9 ara|Pter 2
G. Dollar.. I Grays Harbor. I 4 pmlPier 20
S. Cr:z...., San Pedro * Way.t 9 am'Pier 11
May 12. I
Elizabeth.. CotraiUe River \ R paifPIer 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way.; 9 am Pier 11
j Porno Pt. Arena & Alblcn' 6 pm'Pier 2
G. "W. El<!« Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Axner. Mara China & Japan.... 1 psa Pier 40
G. Llndaaer Grays Harbor Pier —
\ May 14-
Alameda...'- Honolulu 1 1 am Pier 7
Jear.ie ' Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am! Pier 2O
San Pedro. .! Humboldt 4 pm'Pier 2
'¦ Aurella.... { Astoria & Portland 12 mlPier 2
May 15. I {
Oty Puebia Peget Sound Pcrts.dl am Pier 9
j May, 18. . |
. Nome City. Nome via Seattle. . f ; Pier —
Friday. May «.
Stmr F A Kilburn. Jahnsea, Port Rodgen.
Ptmr Noyo. Jchnson. Ecreka.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick, Eureka. Coo* Bay
and Portland.
Stmr Aberdeen, Daniels. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Phoenut, Odland. Shelter Cove.
Stmr Montara. Rellly. Seattle.
Sunr Glcsy, Lelaad. Santa Cruz.
Stxar Emoire, Macgenn. Coos Bay.
Stmr Iaxpia. Jorgensea. Eureka.
Stnar Scotia. Johnson. Port Rodr*r».
, Ger «blD Alsterufer, Jensen. Callao.
'. Br shl» County of Kinross, Collins, Van
couver.
Schr A M Baxter, Isaaeksoa, Everett.
Stmr MandaJay, Smith. S5 hcr^rs frcm Cres
cent City- ~ - " .
Stair F A Kilburn. Janr«en. 7 hours from
Port Rcdrers.
Stmr Greenwcwd: Swanson.. 14 hsurs from
Mendocino.
Stmr Socth Ccast. Olsea.^ 14 hours from
Caspar. . ¦ .
Ptmr Senator. Patterson, CO hears from Vic
toria.
Stmr Gualala. Ha r. sen. 15 boar* from Al
hlcn^
Stmr Newbarg, Anilndsen, 67 hocrs from
Grayc Harbor.
Stmr Ia<;tja. Jorreoson. 3 hocrs from. San
Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia. McClements, 73 hours from
Willapa. Harbor.
Stmr Nortli Fork, Nelson, 23 hours from
Ecrtka-' .
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 24 hcurs from Eureka.
Schr Lily. Bottrw. 3 days from Umpqua.
Schr Fannie Adele. Fllscher. 6 days - from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Friday. May t
Stmr Santa Rcea. Alexander. SaA Diego: Pa
dOc Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Bonita. Gfclow. San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Cfcllkat, . Hyvarinen. Ccrr.ei. B C;
Al«ska Packers' Asociation.
Stmr Orfgoti. Doran. Portland aad Astoria;
Oregon Railway and Navigation Company.
Fr bark Amlral de Comuller, .i •Humbert,
Qaeen«town; G W McNcar.
Schr Rosamond. FYrnald. Har.clulu; Wll-
Uams. Dimcnd & Co. "••.•..
SAILED. ct^-'ii*^
Shipping Intelligence.
Tie steam schooner Fulton, which was pull
eri oi! the rocks at Port Orford by the rteasi
jchoooer Disj.-atca and towed to this pert, ar
rived late Thursday eight; tie «u rslaced hn
tb* Sixteenth street drydock yesterday to b«
rtr*lred- The Fulton went ashcre February
6. dorirjr a heavy rale. When she struck her
mainmast went overboard and big seas swept
away the deckload. In trying to get ashor? j
the secc-rid officer and a sailor were drowned. I
All efforts to g»t the schooner aSoat failed i
until April 2i>. when the Dispatch, which had
been t*z:t frcm h»re fcr the purpose, pulled
her cff. ,Tti^ ttig Sea Rover was sent fj i
a»rirt ti".e D;tpatch with her tow, but failed !
to Cnd ber.
Fulton on Drjdoc-k.
Exports From tlie North.
The steamer Umati"a sailed en Thursday
fo- Victoria, with an assorted cargo consigned
to the; port of destination and other British
Co:urcbian pcrts. valued at J12.61?, and In
cludiKjr the following: €70 pkgs fresh fruits.
1C2 r«tgs fresh vecetaMes, C3.593 lbs malt.
12 §00 lfc* rai«inf, 19.0.V 1 lbs dried fruit. J1543
lb«" butter.' 72f>7 lbs meali. IS pkgs fruit jaice.
4*20 Ib» .chocolate. 4O» lbs itigar. 1SS gals 1
cs wine.. W cs canned goods. 11 c» syrup, 5
pkgs table preparations. 9C5 lbs 4 cs cheese.
§35 pkfs paste 353 lbs ccfTee. 1S4 lbs hop?,
24 pea steel. 10 bbls plaster, 73 rolls rooHnjr.
Pl*9 !bs pig tin. 1 pkg machinery. % cs paint«,
23 cs matches. 4 pkg» acid, 1S.13 lbs asphaltum.
4 rolls leather. C53O lbs scda 5 cs arms and
jmmucltion, 13 bdls wire. 13 cs drugs arti
sundries.
The PaciS* Mali Ccinpacy's Hn^r Moocnlia,
»hich eails fcr the Orient to-day, ru visited
yesterday by a l&rx» crowd of people upen,
wheni the big steamship, cow ready to re
c*i\-» pa»s«ngers. made a rood Impressl'-n. Sh?
ts larger than any vessel ever Sn this port
a=d has cor=?crt2b'.e aeccrtmodatlcTis fcr many
pa5s«r.gers. f-he will take about 150 cabin
rarsen^er* en t*r first tra ns-Paciflc vorage
asd nearly %CO0 tons of freight, racst of wnich
is fcr Jar^r,
Morurolin Soils To- Day.
Th«» !«chocner Rosamond was cleared yes
terday for Honolulu with an asserted merchan
dise cargo va!u~l at $10 T.«9 and includir.^ the
fc'Towirg: 2121 cO« barley. 125.ff>O 'lb« bran.
520 bales hay. 21T3 lbs beans. :2.5O0 lbs salt.
616 e» asserted canned roods. 120 casks bcv.led
be»r. 2«S> lbs tobacco. 63 bales pap*r bmgs. 50
r« rear. 25 r» match's 150 c» candles. 12 car
boy* acid. *Zi*> lb» tin plate. 22 bd'.« lrcn anl
4 bdls wirr.
A Carpo for Honolulu.
TO ARRIVE.
Ste&cer. j From. | D"«-
V.vefield i Nanalino !May T
Chas. Nelson-! San Pedro tMay <
G. Dollar i Grays Harbor {May •
S Monica i Grays Harbor [May T
I Centralla i San Pedro |May 7
Argo ; Eel River Ports .(May 7
Nome City. .. f Pan Pedro !May S
O. LicUaaer. J Gra yi> Harbor : May S
W. KragtT..\ San Pedro May S
Arcata *; Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordiUay h
Pomona f Huaiboldt 'May S
Santa Crm.-l San Pedro & Way Pts.iMay 8
M. Dol'ar San Pedro (May 9
O W. Elder..! Portland A Astoria :May 3
Arctic- Humboldt jMay 9
State of Cal.. s «^ Diego *: Way Pis. 'Mar u
Mackinaw... ( Tacoroa IMay 10
Elisabeth.... Coqallle River .'May 10
jeanle Seattle &. Tacotna iMay 10
Tellu*.. '..... Oyster Harbor iMay 10
Auretia Portland & Astoria (May 10
p 0IC o Point Arena £ Albion. (May 10
San Pedro Grays Harbor I May 10
Alameda Honolcfn SMay TO
Eureka Humboldt 'May 11
Spokane I Humboldt iMay 11
CltyPu«bl*-- Paget Sound Peru tMay 11
Point Arena.. Meadocino * Pt. Arena' May 12
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. May 12
Bonlta Newport * Way Ports. ,'May 12
Peru New -York via Panama. May 13
North Fori.- Hnmboldt IMay 14
Doric China & Japan (May 14
Oregon Portland & Astoria IMay 14
Ratnfer Seattle & Whatcom 'May 14
S Barbara..- Seattle & OJympla .May 15
Umatilla Pa*et Sound Port*.. ..[May 16
Pocoma Sydney & Way Ports. lMa>» 16
Serapls ...... Hamburg i Way Pts.iMay 17
Alliance I Portland & Way Pts.'May 17
The French bark Arnirai de Cormulier was
cleared yesterday for Queenstown. • for orders.
wftb 5*5,^21 <••}« barley, valued at $67.fCS. and
II 2^0 ct!- wheat, valued at fti.SW. The ves
pH also carried 2Z.000 fe« lumber as ducnage.
valued fct 1315.
Grain for T^rope.
3Iatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Mercliants.
Th» latMt himber charters- -reported are:
Ship Henry Failing, from Puifet S'jund to
Sydney at 33* Od: ship Emily Rwi. from
Pusret Scun4 to Sydney at 33s W. with option
cf Melbourne -:r Ade'.arte at 4Cs or Cap* Town
or De.'aeoa Ea-r *t 58? 0.3; bcrker.tlne Lahatna.
«rom Portland" to Shanghai or Kalchou at 40?.
with ojiticn cf Manila at $10 50: schooners Mi
fcukcnr and Kcna, frcm Puret Sound to Shang
hat at *fs. with option of coastwise to San
Francisco at J4 or «outh-rn California at *5.
The bark Kaiulazi return* to Honolulu with
general cargo. .
XE\VS OF THE OCEAN.
olulu to New York. She is cut mere than lOO
days and owners and underwriters are be
ginning to fear that some mishap has te'ailen
the- vessel.
The navy collar Saturn. Captain FeweU.
sailed yesterday for Ki«ka Is'.acd, Alaska.
Th* coast and ireodetic survey steamer Ged
rer hauled into the stream yester-iay and will
rhcrtij- sail t«r Davidson Bay. where her of
ficers will take un the purvey work at the
place they left eff last year.
The committee decided to meet
Wednesday next at 10:30 a. m. to con
sider the appropriations of the De
partment of Elections and on Tuesday
at 1:30 p. m.. when the Board of Edu
cation, will be heard.
Braunhart also took the commission
to task for buying desks without au
thorization from the Supervisors.
Commissioner Devoto said the desks
would be returned to the seller and
the Supervisors would be asked -for
the necessary permission to purchase
them.
The entire appropriation asked for
by the Department of Elections is
$253,056, of which $130,000. is for vo:
ing machines, $127,556 for salaries and
conduct of elections and $1500 for in
cidentals.
Braunhart hinted at the recent vio
lations of the civil service law by the
Election Commission by urging the
committee to require the commission
to file a list of its employes and that
no provision be made for them unless
they are on the civil service list.
Supervisor Braunhart called atten
tion to the fact that a special election
would probably be held this year for
voting on a bond issue for an auxiliary
high pressure salt water system, the
expense of which election would be
$12,000.
FOR SPECIAL. ELECTION".
The Election Commissioners urged
the committee to provide funds for
200 voting machines in the conduct
of the elections. It was figured that
twenty machines Would effect a saving
of $7600 yearTy and forty machines
would save $11,200 in salaries of 400
election officers, reduction of precinct
registration- and other items every
year.
put you out. "We have every con
fidence in Mr. Fay and will stand by
what he does."
7 STRANDED STEAM SCHOONER
FULTON WHICH HAS BEEN f
FLOATED AT PORT ORFORD. J
Postmaster Fisk has appointed W.
G. Geddes from the substitute list to
the regular list as a clerk at a salary
of $600 a year, vice J. C. Field, who
has been appointed a policeman.
Postoffice Appointment.
Captain H. Z. Howard, superintend
j ent cf the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany, who was recently complimented
by being^ selected to act as Jtdg« in a
matter in which he was financially in
terested, has returned a verdict by
[ which he virtually orders himself to
pay out a substantial sum of money.
A few weeks aro a launch belonging
j to W. a. Boole & Son. Incorporated,
! ran into and sank a launch belonging
j to Thomas Crowley & Bros. The Crow-
I ley launch, badly damaged. Tras lo
! cated by a diver, raised and is now be
ing repaired at considerable expense.
The men running the launches blamed
i each other for the accident, and the
I owners, net caring to take the matter
j into ccurt. asked the United States In
i specters to make on investigation.
j These gentlemen, however, have all
; they can attend to keeping track of the |
I troubles of vessels within their juris-
I diction. They refused to make the in- j
j vestigation.
Crowiey said he would be willing to
! accept the ruling of any' responsible.
experienced man. and when Captain
Howard"* name was suggested declared
himself satisfied if Captain Howard
j would consent.
>>"ow. Captain Howard is a stockhold
er in tfce Boote business, but when this ¦
| was called to Cro-svley's attention the '
I launch owner said that he had every
confidence that the captain's integrity
was of too sterling a stamp to allow
j personal interest to interfere with an
i honest judgment, and that by Captain
I Howard's decision he was prepared to
abide.
Captain Howard has handed down j
his decision. He reached the conclusion !
that each boatman contributed a share
of the carelessness which caused the
! collision, and ordered that the cost of
repairing the CrowJey launch (the Boole
launch was uninjured) be divided
equally between Thomas Crowley &
Bros, and W. A. Boole & Son, Inc. This !
virtually gives Crowley a verdict for |
half the amount he would have claimed I
and part of the assessment will come J
from the j>ocket of the judge.
OCEAN STEAMERS.*
ROTTERDAM— Arrfved May 6— Itmr Noor.
dam. from N«w York. •
GLASGOW — Arrived May 6 — Stmr Siberian,
from Bcston-
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 6 — Stmr Lauren
tian, Trom G!a«foT. •
NAPLES— Arrived May 6 — Stmr Keenig-en
Lculss. from New York.
SPOKEN".
April 21— Lat * north. Ion 30 west. Br ship
Waivcha! Suchet. h«ac* J»a 5 for Queenstown.
April 20— L*t 51 north. !oa 13 west. Or bark
Anra. from Hamhurs. for Oregon.
April 29— Lat 51 ncrth. Ion IS west. Fr bark
C«nerai UcUinet. from Swansea, lor. San Fran
cisco.
May 1— Lat 45 north, len S west. Br ship
ITatterhorr., frcm Antwerp, fcr San F*rancisc<3.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POrXT LOBOS. May 0. 10 t> m— Weather
hajy; wind NV. ; velocity 24 -mills p»r hour
- DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Sai>d May < J— Schr Goldea
Share, fcr Manila, and not San Franel*?o. as
pr»viously reported. May C— Schr Bertie
JViror. for Honohilit: eclir Olga. for San
r rancisco.
fcKATTLE— Sailed ' May 5— Stmr James
Dollar, for Vtld«i.
SailMJ May 6— Stmr City of Seattle for
Skar^ay; «t?iir Jeaai*. fcr Saa Frar.ci«co
Arrived May 6— Stnr Rainier, hence May -
AsTORIA-Arrivtd May 6-Stmr Chico, from
Ladysrcith.
Sailed May 6— Stmr Premiss,- for San Fras
cfsco. -
Sailed May 6— Stmr Homer, for Alacka- Br
strnr rndrasaraha. for Yokohama; schr J H
Laasnan, for Hankow
j PORT TOW.VSEXD- Arrived May 6— Sch J
Sequel, from San P»dro; echr Snow & Burse*/,
3ll3"' l^ Scl ' r WiI!lasi S ham,
j* E^¦ERETT— Sailed Mar ft— Schr Wilb-rt L
j for San tfitgiy.
- TATOOSH— Passed out May V— Br *hia
Austrasla. from p.>rt Btskeley. for Valp»
raLso: Br shio Xetherby. from Port Blak«!ey
KH-f&rrcth Alrica,- Kr ship Ltsmcre, frcm Port
Uidlo*. for Australia: Itsz Mackinaw, for
San Franclato. * '
i « r**** 1 May *— Strnr JUlnier. hsaee May
I Z lot &e&ttic
. -Paajed b Mav 6— Starf Fan Mateo. Renew
May S for Tacoaia; schr Wtuiam O!s-n hence
April 26 for . Port Townmead.
rassed out May 6— Stmr AJaskaa, for Hono
j lulu, from Seattle. -
SAN PEDRO-Arriv«d Mar &_Schr Maid
oi Orleans, from eeattle; . t:mr South Bay,
from Santa Parbara; strcr Robert Dollar, from
Anacortea.
Sailed May 5— Stmr San Gabriel, for Cmp
qua. May *— Schr Melroee. for Grays Har
. bor; bktn Willie R Hume, for Bal'ard
SANTA BARBARA— Arrivtd May «— Stmr
Jas H Hisrfns. hence May 4; stmr Slate of
California, hence May 5.
Sailed .May 0— Stmr Jas H Higxins fcr San
Pe<Iro: stmr State of California, for San Di»go
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived May 5— Bktn
Rerriever. from San Diero.
/JRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 5— Bktn
Wrestler, henc* Aoril 10.
TUXBAXi — Arrived Mar 4 — Stmr Portland
from V'aldes, to salt. same date for Seattle
SOUTH BE.VD- Arrived May «— Stmr Che
halls. li*nce May 3.
EEULXNGHAM — Arrived — Schr Fearle«s
from San Diego.
Sailed — Stmr Shssta. for San Pedro
PORT U'DLOW- Arrived May e— Schr R
W Bartlett. hence April 23. ' "
ISLAND PORT?.
HONOLULU— Arrived . May 6— Br stmr
Doric, from Tok&hama.
EASTERN PORT.
C .M E T J°»K-SaiIM May 4-Br itmr
Sikh, for Manila.
Cleared May it— Br stmr Knight Commander,
for Manila. '
FOREIGN PORTS
MOJI-S«iIed Asri! 27-Br stmr Caittmew.
for San Francisco. •
HONGKONG— In oort April 20— Br »tmr
Clavertng'. for Oreron.
Arrived May S — Br tttnr Coptic, hence
April 2.
COLON— Sailed May 4— Stmr Se^uranca.
for Ntw York. May 3— Stmr Aiiianca, for
New York. .
DOVER— Pa«e<l May 6— Ger ship Christel.
from Oregon, for Queenstown. •
IPSWICH— Arrived May 5— Fr berk Amiral
Haisran. from Oregrcn.
GLASGOW — Arrived May* 5 — Br- bark An
r.as-nj, from Eureka.
MANZANILIX) — Arrived May 6— Bark Chal
lenger, from Newcastle. N 55 W.
.. WIFE GETS AU3IOXY.
p Judge Murasky has made an order
.-¦:r«rcting Thomas C. McKay to pay
•to LrCinia McKay 560 counsel fees and
-T60 a month alimony pending the trial
ol hef suit for divorce.
• . In Judge Grahams court yesterday
.Joseph P. Corcoran agreed to return
to Ethel R. Corcoran, who is suing
.him for divorce, her diamond engage
teent r;n«r, to pay her $60 for coun
.«>> fees and to give up his claim
c gainst their household furniture. In
return Sirs. Corcoran waives all her
'r.rhts to alimony.
- £uits for divorce were also filed by
' ". L Roberts against J. M. M. Rob
/;:? for desertion. Tessie Downing
• ;^;nst W. J. Downing for neglect, and
, Kir. * D. Taber against W. L. Taber for
- :ction of felony.
., Dr. John M. Dunn, a member of the
J&ptt* Board of Dental Examiners, ia
"»-«. defendant in the suit for divorce
.fried, yesterday by Emily Frances
D-r.r., to whom he was married eix
'/"-r. years ago. The suit is brought
.<£? the ground of cruelty, Mrs. Dunn
alleging thst for the last six months
'i".*r husband has treated her eo cruelly
tBxt-che has become almost a nervous
•reck. She says that he curses and
:t^£:« htr and frequently comes home
ir;ioxicat^d. She also complains that
fkooch she is an invalid he never
/empathizes with her, but constantly
•iivfin her regarding the expense her •
illness incurs. In addition to a di
•"•"orce'M-rs. Dunn asks to be awarded
5C00 a month alimony, $1000 counsel
"ive? and $250 costs of court.
called and a decree was awarded Dr.
Kim'm:s on his cross-complaint, in
,VfcIcJl cruelty r.as alleged. Dr. Kirn
_!v..s wa* awarded the custody of their
one child and he agreed to pay Mrs.
fCimrr.i? 525 a month for her support.
* Judge Kebbard pave Clara Lubin a
divorce from Samuel Lubin for
cruelty.
.or cruelty, the alleges that she has
suffered intensely because her husband
*.{j«ys too much attention to one Edna
Montgomery. She says he spends all
.his- money on Miss Montgomery |r.d
t.s'kes her to public places and Has
•-v*r-. gore so far as to take his w-fe's
.rirtp. exchange i: for another, and
after" pawning the latter for $20,
'spent the money in entertaining the
• Montgomery woman.
' ' Btta Luke Kiramis, who sued Dr.
•Bruce D. Kimmis. proprietor of an In
•Jiiar! dr~yig store, for' divorce on the
.fedOuxife of cruelty, did not appear in
c<;urt yesterday when the case was
J*hn D. Grant has answered the
suit fbr divorce brought against him
by >:a Grant with a general denial
cf her charges. In a cross-complaint
he al.eges cruelty and accuses her of
iTT-r.g to kill him. Pending the trial
cf the suit Grant will pay Mrs. Grant
¦515a month alimony.
Martha Ediestain <.;jee Perkins)
wants a divorce from Harry Ediestain,
per whom she v.-as married at Los An
g-ele-s in October. 1301. on the ground
GRANT CHARGES CRUELTY.
"Fritx, go home and take your wife
».th you."
~ The above comnand was given to
".-John R. Fr:iz yesterday by Judge
: .<jr*fcAia at the close of the hearing of
' Esillle Frtt*'» motion for alimony
-peicir* the trial of her suit for dl
vcrce. The command fell upon vrlil
. :r* ears, for Frit* walked over toward
. >-is wife, & timid little woman, spoke
" *-o her in a low tone of voice, and then
. .-?-itii • i«r walked from the courtroom.
. In. the corridor Mrs. Fritz broke into
•titri,- said something about his
"prosiise to be good," and then, lov
•'•^riy grasping her husband js arm.
c'onter.tediy 1-ft the hall with him.
-Thus, by the tact of Jud^e Gratuun.
3"k£ ;re*-»nted the breaking up of
¦»;ha.t for years up to a few w*eks ago
.'¦its a h.apjpy home. The Fritres are
¦*e,U" endowed with this world's goods
arid are more than middle-aged. Ten
<i«ys ago Mrs. Fritz filed a su:t for di
'•crce agaznst Fritz, allegir^ that he
' !\5.d treated her harshly. She com
j-Iaia^d that he used abusive language
.toward her ar.d also said that he did
xict y?ive her enough money for her
. £<*"ls.
, T- 2t the quarrel that led up to the
Kr.p^al to the divorce court was but a
\<rmj>crary rift in the lute of matri-
: .-rr.rr.:aJ happir^ss became evident yes
• t^rday when the couple appeared in
coiyt knd Judge Graham took advan
•V-^ge ©f a display of tenderness on the
Z-zrz of Mrs. Fritz to persuade them to
c&k* up.
At this point Chairman Brandenstein
asked E. P. E. Troy, who was present,
if he had any requests to make.
"Well, I would like the committee to
appropriate about $2,000,000 to buy the
Geary-street railroad," said Troy.
"Well," said Brandenstein. "that is a
subject that should be considered some
day by itself. If you will arrange for
the conference we will be glad to meet
you."
"Well. I would do so." said Troy, "if
I was assured that I would . not be
•jobbed.' "
"What do ycu mean by that?" asked
Brandenstein.
"Well, I received notice one day that
a meeting of the Judiciary Committee
would be held on a Friday, and when
I came here I found it had been
changed to Thursday by order of the
clerk of the board," said Troy.
"Why, that is not true," saia Clerk
Fay, rising excitedly. "I ought to
tweak his nose for that.'!
•"I want you to - understand." said
Brandenstein- to Troy, "that you can
not come here and make, a scurrilous
charge in the way you have. If you
do we will have the sergeant at arms
TROY IS SQUELCHED.
Favorable consideration was taken on
the estimates of $4000 for printing
transcripts of judgment; $25,000 for jury
and witness fees; expenses of juries.
$S00; $76,600 for salaries. Including a
janitor-messenger at $1200, which 13
outside of the charter provisions and
fixed by ordinance.
City Attorney Ltong said he could get
along with $21,750. An extra expense
incurred Is the defense of the present
Spring Valley Water Company litiga
tion relative to water rates. Of $25,003
appropriated last year there remains
$10,000, and the committee agreed to set
aside ?25,OOO additional to continue pro
ceedings in the case. The City Attorney
will also be allowed $1000 additional for
law books.
The office of the Clerk of the Justice's
Court was allowed $14,500, the Treasurer
$14,S00 and $300 for transportation, and
the Law Library, $4550.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday resumed its hearing of heads
of. various municipal departments for
the purpose of framing the new city
budget.
County Clerk Greif asked that pro
vision be made for ten book typewrit
ing machines, which would cost $1750.
The loose-leaf system would entail a
cost of $1000, but the committee prac
tically decided to reject the system on
account of the danger of manipulation
of the records, although it Is more
economical. The committee will visit
the County Clerk's office to de
termine the necessity of having the
records copied Cy machines.
Fodera's financial straits are said to
be due to his having taken over the
Clarendon Hotel, which recently failed
and closed its doors, and also engaging
in the restaurant business in addition
to his poultry business.
It is claimed that Fodera will pay
cne hundred cents on the dollar if
given time to do so and his creditors
may deem it advisable to consent to
that proceeding.
The fact that Antone Fodera, a prom
inent dealer in poultry and game at
526 Montgomery street, Is in financial
difficulties and may fail was divulged
yesterday as the result of a writ of
attachment served oa him at the in
stance of D. A. Curtin, who Is acting
for a third party. The amount of the
attachment was $375 ST and represented
the sum of a check signed by Fodera.
payment upon which was refused by a
bank because he had no fund3 on de
posit in the institution.
The attachment was served in the
absence of Fodera and a keeper placed
in charge. It was given out that the
total liabilities of Fodera will aggre
gate a sum in excess of $5000, but that
he had $7500 outstanding on personal
accounts. Some difficulty, however,
would be experienced in collecting the
full amount cf outstanding debts.
A meeting of the creditors of Fodera
was called for next Monday at the
Board of Trade rooms when some set
tlement will probably be arrived at in
order to allow Fodera to continue busi
ness. Fodera's bookkeeper was anxious
that the attachment be not served ass
it might result in other creditors tak
ing the same action • and result In
forcing his employer into the bank
ruptcy court.
Outstanding Accounts Ex
ceed Liabilities and He
May Continue Business
Commissioners- Ask for Ap
propriation Which Will
Lessen Cost of Elections
r^Spys He Is Xot a Cruel Hus
band and Avers That His
Spouse Tried to Kill Him
.WANT VOTING MACHINES
CKEDITOES WILL MEET
GBA>T DEXIES CHABGE3
Finance Committee Hears
Requests From Heads of
Municipal Departments
Captain H. Z. Howard Sits as Arbitrator in Matter of
Collision Between Launches, in One of Which He
Holds Interest, and Decides Against His Own Purse
Persuades Emilie and John
Fritz to Make Up and
. Forget Their Differences
Poultry Dealer Is Served
\TVitk Writ of Attachment
Upon a Protested Check
STILL FRAMING
CITY'S BUDGET
DIFFICULTIES
BESET FODERA
JUDGE GRAHAM
A PEACEMAKER
PART OF DAMAGE ASSESSED COMES
FROM POCKET OF THE TRIAL JUDGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY;.-' MAY 7. 1904.
7
ADVERTISEMEHTi
THE "5IX-IN-0NE" ICE, PIG W FREE WITH A WANT AD. TO-DAY
' f^SX/\XEA\ElNT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
PROVIDENT^UFE AND
TRUST COMPANY
CF PHILADELPHIA. IX THS STATS OT
Pennsylvania, en Use Slat, day of Dece;nbw.
' A. £>. 1203, and for Uie year escls:? on taat
•lay; csade to> t!i« Insurance Coninilsaioaer of
tfce State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of Section «13 of tae Political C.Jj
of said State.
CAPITAL.
Amcant o* Capital Stock paid up
; In Caslx ; Sl.OOO.oeOjW
A3SETS.
Net raJae c! Real Estate Owned
by the Company S3.508.9T8 3
Amount of Loans secured fcy
Bend aid Martgags en Real
i-atai* 1 1. 134.99S *4
As;o«5t oT Leans securer by
p.ed«» cf Bo=4j. Stocks aad
other nr»rkeui!:> securities aj
collateral S.132.300 «
Prea'am nctts and leans ta a=;'
fora takea !n payneai oi prem-
iums on pclicte* now in force. . 9.032 J4
Ca?h market value of aU Stoclc3
«t>d Baads owsed by th« Cqss-
pa=y ....:... 22.6J2.!» 00
Aiaouat cf Cash oa fcaaa la Cos>-
F«=rs Of-c 9 13X437 03
Interest dae tie Corccany aad oa-
. t*W 19.32T <»
Interest accrued bu: not due ' 2TT.663 *;
Net aracuat m cremiusis in pro-
cess of coUect:s a a=d of de-
ferred srejsltiiEs SS2.S3J !.>
Cash lcars la Policy holders ort
tnis Cc=panys policies assigned
•s coIUtera! 4.1K5M Tt
Rests due acd accraed 2~ "~~. Tt
Total Assets Jii.lC!.5«l M
LIABILITIES. ' ~"
Clatass fcr death losses iri raa-
tared eadowniesta. iae aad un-
raid |i:.32O CT
Claiss for death losses aad raa- ; ¦
. tured ez'iowrrwats Ja croc*s3 of
adjustment, cr adjusted but not
<5ue tl.33dOO
Nf- pr»9»ct vaiue of all the ont-
ztandtcs couciea. conrpuiid ac-
ccrdir? to the Combined Ei-
perteace Tables cf MirtaUty.
with foxir per cent interest 43. tt©.73« PO
Amount of at! uaoaid diridenda
to poIScy hsrders ,. . . 73.977 59
Present ralue of unraid aniouata
on matured iastaJlraeat policies. 3fi3.«S3 fiO
AU ether Liabilities «35.US vj
Total Liabilities Wl.SIS.OU ~.Z
INCOME. ~~ ~
Cash received fcr rrensi'^rs ca-
new poUctes durlnj the year... $733,-353 13
Cash received for renewal of
prensiaas daring the year 3.607.013 10
Cash received for sale of aasa-
i!i*3 45.--.--t '.)
Caaa received for interest i,«»l.!>r-J 71
Casii received for rents - 121,2^2 «
Cash received from all ©tier
sources 1 63.027 M
Total Iaeotse J3.737.1C6 M
EXPENT5ITTRE3. ~~
Cash ralJ fcr losses a=d nsaturrd
endowments $3,153.9*7 44
Cash paid ta annuitants 74.434 OR
Cash, paid for sarreadered potletes r_2. T ¦'.*. Si
Ca»b oaid fcr «tlTti-ec.ia to policy
holders S19.BZ* Vt
Cctnn-.issioas paid to i: ::¦ SSl.5^3 3i
Salaries aad other compeasatloa
of ofScers aad employes, except
a^»at3 aad medical examiaers. 273. S57 99
Sa!ar!w asd traveling expenses
of masas-rs of ajeccles 20.230 33
Medical examiners' fee» aad sal-
aries ¦- — »,et* 75
Cash paid fcr taxes 107. SX* 41
Cash raid for rents 21.377 33
Cash paid far'conimutir:*" comails-
sicas 354.557 13
Total Exyete^hires <iur!2j t5»
y-ar *5.5«C.6rrT ir
PREMrClT NOTTS ACCOCNT.
Preminni noten aad otaer
begianiry pf th- yeir...."xs,2»* CS
Premium note* and other . •»*
crercium cttlgarfcas -r«-*
celved durtns tie year... SC3 90. - -
Total ¦ 33.CS3 34
Dtducttons dsrtng the year. '. ¦ •
as follcws:
Aecsnt «! notes aad other
premium oblisaUoa? iis#«i ?
fa payment of dirideeds
to policy hrlijeri S\,tG% C8
Amocat of cctea anj ctaer
preaiJaa obligations re-
deemed by icaier ia cash. 13 •*.
ecaat - S1.0G4 13
Ea:i-c» acts a«3»ts at
«ad cf the year 1S.0S2 UI
SAMUEL R. SHIPLEY. Presidtrr.'.
C. W. BORTOX. Secretary.
Fubscrlt*! and sworn to before me. : .-. s
ISta day of January. 19O1. - ¦- :¦
SAiJUEX. R. REED. Notary Public.
VAIL & f ELDRID6E~6en8raI Agon,
801 and 824 Eaywara Building, S.P.
402 Trust Building 1 , i os Angeles.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat a
HIUSEUH OF *HfiTOBTf
A 63^4 M - -23DAX-C3EASE3 C? HVA A
\ I /MB fmtnu Cm ,a mry case accmaJt-a. T
APfl VlK^ *f:ref«r »^c F1XlLa*araTar A
Y J \i 'Aiiaucc. >-»:l.o mi. / a x
X (J It, »Mtlt Doe* Vt B^S) \
V DJB. jusd i> & vo.. ;::: SbrKM «t.«. r V
US02SESA AJO CBZ5A tT I13CX121XL
a cmxE ps *a eocrs.
Every Woraan
BBSS^flM MARML Whirling Sprar
i.»w4fM»'.ifvtt.\ "SB .yr^ —
yt %n\ tl,. accept do >*»^, v -¦¦¦ t->-x»-.
ether, but lead «am 9 for. f^*Ajf\s
ll>ast!atedbook-*r«t«c hp"» Vv / 4 "JT
fall partictilsrs aad A3*rt:mrs ta- b?j / J
vah»b> to Utf.es- 1HRVfLCO..^J Jf
41ParkK««,.1enl*rk. r
152 N«« Mcnteomery. Son FraayCtsco. UL
"Winiam Hatteroth (Ladies' DepU, *3* 9utt»r.
Vsjoo Drug Ca.,214 Keamy A Vaa X«ss tk. S&t.
Osjood Brothers... 7th aad Bread way. Oazlaad
Baidwta Pharmary 119 Ellis
Sj^^kJl MEBAMDWO.MEfc
CnBliClbtBsainnl
AWu8r*-i-i**r3a *U«aan»Jaaaaisx»'Joa«.
ESS CtvuM li lrru*nsa« or c'.«r»Ooas
Jfttf iMMRtotn." cf taueoas a«aiir»a*w
P> 4 mi— ¦ C—is»l» ?iU>*», aad sat a*trta-
K - T3l£li5»C a r»CliGj. g«at or pcUoaoas.
Ian. OKaun,tSHB »«m ky Dnsiit%
«HEk c.i.A- *J3S* or —at fa »!xia wt«gp«f.
jBBBk. by «X3T»«». pr^aio. U*
II t»J». or 3 bottf-9 *2.:k
~* Qrcds/ tsz\ oa t*QU(t>
ABB lit fl^^U^f^tf \§ v\^^^^^^^^^^Q
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
»5:rf T-fn»t epperts3^5es for. »a
ecegotr.ical a.nr1 sa?nf*ctcrjjauzmcj ta
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday."
Thursday. Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
. For til tsfbmutiow apply ts or tii-ss
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK.
CesenJ Aa-it. Col A j r-it Paas'r n«[f,
>Gducaft>orta-W«acrBRy. fsd^a Piciic R. K_
617 Market St. No. 1 Moatgomery Su
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
ADVEBTISEMESTSLAll for Iko.
Lieutenant Fasaki of a Japanese war
ship writes to his wife: "After all there
is plenty of luck in battle, and a fellow
of good luck cannot die even if he wish
to. For instance, a sh*ct or ball cannot
hit a lucky dog like me. On the occa
sion of the fight of February 9 the only
things I had in my bosom were the
charm, you sent me and a photograph
of Iko (the lieutenant's "eldest son).
During the fight I took my post on a
barbette and directed the flre of the
broadsides; but when the range had
increased I ordered to cease firing.
Then I t*ok out Iko's photograph and
turned its face toward the scene of the
battle, addressing it as if it were Iko in
person. 'If as a result of this war.' I
said to it. 'the situation of the Far East
is firmly fixed and no war should occur
during vour lifetime, then you might
think yourself born in vain as an of
ficer's son. Therefore you should care
fully observe this scene even from
your photograph, so that the' sight may
inspire in you the proud warrior spirit
worthy of a«man. , If. however, fortun-i
favors you a chance of being un
der fire, as I am now. then there is all
the more reason to observe the scene
carefully for your future benefit.' "*•—
Omaha Bc»
MALT-1L F. O-. City. Malt Is made
from barley. Its manufacture Involve*
several processes — namely, sleeping,
couching, sweating and flooring
and kiln-drying of the grain. For
steeping the grain is put into large
wood2n or cement cisterns and covered
with water enough to allow the grain
to swell thoroughly. The steeping
las^s about sixty-five hours, or until
the grain is well swollen and soft, when
the water is drawn off and the grain
is thrown on the couching floo'r in a
heap. There it lies for twenty-six
hours or more, until the temperature
rises to €0 degrees and the grain begins
to give off it3 absorbed water. This
is called sweating. The point of germi
nation is at that time,' but it is soon
checked by flooring the grain, which
is spread and respread upon the floor,
turned with a spade and spread out
more and more at each spreading. It
is then spread in a kiln bavins a per
forated floor, through which & current
of hot air rises. There it remains tea
days., the temperature being increased
from 50 to 140 degrees, and is turned
over frequently, or every hour or two*
This stops the process of rermtnatioa
and the malt is ready for use In tha
brewing process.
Harnessing Lightning.
To harness the electricity on Pike's
Peak and by means of a metallic cir
cuit conduct it to the base, there to
be stored for use as motive power for
the cog road — that is the scheme of
the Manitou and Pike's "Peak Railway.
The proposition, according to the
general manager. Mr. Sells, is feasible,
and affords the only practical means
of , employing electricity on the cog
road. aVV.'^K:/
The one obstacle in the way of car
rying out such a plan Is the static
electricity with which the air is
charged * above the 12,000-foot point.
The fact that Pike's Peak overtops all
the surrounding mountains makes it
the natural grounding spot for elec
tricity that would otherwise be dissi
pated over a large area.
In the ordinary trolley line power
comes along the trolley wire from the
power station, thence into the motors
under the cars and returns to the
earth, completing: the circuit.
The heavy currents on the - >ak
coming so quickly and so violently
would, if applied direct, tear the ma
chines to pieces within a week after
operations were begun. The thing to
do then is to harness this power and
make it usefuL
They propose, therefore, to make a
complete circuit of trolley wire and
a circuit which shall contain
all the power needed to operate the
cars and at the same time keep it from
ripping up the motors in its desire to
get to earth.
This double trolley circuit will be
complete in itself,'' starting • from the
JOHNSTOWN FLOOD— P. J. H.. City.
The town of Johnstown. Cambria
County, Pa.; on the Conexnaugh River,
at the junction of Stony and Coae
maugh creeks, 39 miles southwest of Al
toona and 79 miles eaat of Pittsburg.
was almost totally swept out of exist
ence by a flood caused by the breaking
of a dam on South Fork Creek. May 31,
1SS9.
GENERAL KUROPATKIN is still explaining the
Russian reverses on the Yalu. Even from the
meager thus far given out no military
training is required to make it plain that the battle was'
one of the great actions at arms that will, figure in his
tory. The fact that the Japanese carried completely a
Russian position of first importance is proved by the
elaborate works and entrenchments in which they found
and from which they drove the enemy.
Kuropatkin takes -pains in every report and explana
tion to dwell upon the Japanese superiority in numbers.
But he does not emphasize the other fact— that the
Japanese crossed a river to assault a force protected
behind vast works and with its- artillery permanently
mounted and capable of instant and deadly service.
When an 'army is behind protective works, with artillery
light and heavy, one soldier is equal to ten in a force
that makes the assault. In fact, from a military stand
point, the advantage was with the Russians.
One feature that persistently recurs in Kuropatkin's
reports would be amusing if anything so grievous as war
can furnish amusement. He puts blame upon General
Kashtalinsky, whom he says he directed to retire with
out fighting. This is echoed by the' Novoe Vremya's
military expert, who says Major General Kashtalinsky's
report proves clearly that the Russians should haveTre
tired. "Retire" is a military euphemism for "retreat.?
AH critics will agree that the Russian army would hot
have been whipped if it had not fought. "But why had
months and money been spent in works to protect its
position on the Yalu if it was not the intention to make
a stand there?
The Japanese desired to cross the river in force at that
precise point. The Russians had foreseen/this and made
costly preparations to prevent a crossing/Why, then,
should they retreat without firing a gun and let the
Japanese cross in^ peace? .There is no^doubt that the
generals who opposed the crossing and opposed it
bravely and vainly were acting upon the original "plan to
defend that part of the river where the Japanese
cross, if at all. It is useless to palliate what happened,
nor is it brave -or wise to minimize the action of the
Japanese by harping upon" their superior numbers. "They
KUROPATKIN'S TACTICS.
DIVORCE — Nevada. . Carson City.
Nev. A person divorced In California
cannot marry again until one year
after the court has decided to grant the
divorce, for the reason that the decree
is not entered up until twelve months
after decision.
MEXICAN WAR— Subscriber. City.
During the war with Mexico. April 24.
1S46, to July 4, 1S4S. the number of
troops engaged on the side of the
United States was 30,954 regulars and
73,776 volunteers.
The Empress Dowager of China has decided to give
to the American Government the only portrait of her
self ever painted by a foreign artist, who, in this instnace,
h a clever and ambitious American woman. We may
look upon this as a double concession from the strange
ruler of Peking. She probably wants us to know that
slie doesn't look as bad as' she acts and that our artistic
sense is equal to the task of presenting her favorably
at least on canvas.
Answers to Queries.
A NOTE— A. H. T., Taylorsville, Cal.
A promissory note executed in the
State of California holds for four years.
The Modem Baby.
They say that I must not be rocked
Because my brain might addle!
If I could speak, they would be shocked;
I'd call that fiddle-faddle.
And yet. of course, they ought to know —
Still. I can't help but wonder
If some one rocked them years ago
When folks were apt to blunder.
They stand around me. looking wise.
And say they must not pet me;
A pentle pat to soothe my cries
They claim would further fret me.
My raising must conform to hiw
Down to each jot and tittle —
Did people hold them off with awe
When they were bald and little?
They say that bouncing me is sure
To make me very nervous.
That children's frames cannot endure
Such sadly thoughtless service.
Yet these phlegmatic scientists.
Ere they began to toddle
Were bounced until their chubby fists
Played tattoos on the noddle.
When I stretch out my willing arms
Inviting them to frolic.
They rise in wondering alarms
And talk of croup and colic —
It's hard to be a baby now;
They will not pet or Jump us.
And when I sleep, my peaceful brow
Must lie straight with the compass.
When I grow up, of course I'll be
A triumph scientific;
But really it seems to me .
My hard luck is terrific
If I could only speak my* mind —
But then they would not thank me,
One unbanned custom they would find —
They still think they may spank me:
— Chicago Tribune.
For Creditors.
A Parisian who has been much an
noyed by duns has connected his bell
handle with a powerful electrical bat
tery and switches on the current at
psychological moments. So far the po
lice have declined to interfere.
Going Some.
Mercantile clerks with many letters
to write to India tradesfolk are to be
pitied. The following, picked at ran
dom from the books of a London firm
doing business in India, are not at all a
bad specimen of the general run of
names throughout the empire:
Jogavajala Seethasamachendrudu.
Manthri Pragada Suryanarayana.
Vangar Pathangy Vi jayaraghavachar
riar.
Conjeeverara Muttukumaraswamy
Mudliar.
Poonamalie Shunmugasundaram Mud
liar.
Keduramangalam Subramanist Chi
dembera Iyer.
Peruvayel Coomaleeswarenpettah Ra
jaruthna Moodliar.
Thus put, the names do look strange
and savor something of being a terror
to the English man or woman who tries
to pronounce them. But if words were
divided— divided as they rightly may
be— instead of being run together, there
would be no confusion. "Muttukumara
swamy" is an* awkward word to pro
nounce, but "Muttu Kumara Swamy"
has nothing to cause any one any trou
ble. Again. "Vijayaraghavacharriar"
seems a jaw-breaker of a word; it Is
euphony Itself when properly divided
into "Vljaya Raghava Charriar." Why,
I wonder, d6 not Hindu gentlemen in
Southern India help the foreigner to
understand and to pronounce their
names by writing them in the way I
have indicated?— United India.
r A Colonial Calf.
In 1631 Thomas Dudley, deputy
Governor of the colony it Massachu
setts Bay. wrote the Countess of Lin
coln a letter of nineteen pages. In
which he tells her an incident in the
early history of the colony that would
otherwise have been forgotten. It
goes to show that the Puritan fore
fathers, even the staid magistrates,
had some humor. The matter was
fresh to the mind of the writer, for he
closes his letter by saying. "I am now
this 28th day of March, 1631. sealing
my letters."
"Upon the Twenty fifth of thia
March, one of Watertown. having lost
a Calf, and about un of the Clock at
night, hearing tne howling of some
Wolves not far off, raised many of hi*
Neighbors* out of their Beds, that by
Discharging their Muskets near about
the place where he heard the Wolvesi
he might so put the Wolves to flight.
and save his calf.
"The Wind serving fit to carry the
Report of the Muskets to Roxbury,
three miles off, at such a time; the In
habitants there look alarm. Beat up
their Drum, Armed themselves, and
sent Post to us to Boston to Raise ua
also.
"So in the morning the Calf being
found safe, the Wolves affrighted, and
our danger past, we went merrily to
breakfast." — Youths' Companion.
Regenerating Egypt
"Egypt." says Lord Cromer in his
annual report on that country and the
Soudan, "is in a state of transition and
the problem of adapting the whole
machine of government to meet the
wants of a society which is almost be
wildering in the variety of its com
ponent parts becomes daily more com
plex."
There is, however, nothing bewil
dering or complex in this report,
which is a fascinating and lucid sum
mary of the economic and social con
dition of Egypt to-day.
Lord Cromer has not only in hand
the financial regeneration of a coun
try which Ismail Pasha left burdened
with a debt of £100,000,000. but the
task, which requires far more adroit
ness, of transforming the vacillating
Egyptian into a good citizen.
The bond which united the former
rulers and the ruled in Egypt was, on
the one hand, reliance on superior
force, and, on the other hand, the
fear engendered by the abuse of that
force.
"Stated in the most general terms."
says Lord Cromer, "the main object to
be pursued was manifestly to substi
tute another bond in i>lace 6f that
which had existed. The new bond had
to consist partly in the contentment
of the mass of the population, partly
in the gradual growth of confidence in
the intentions of the rnlers and partly
in the establishment of the conviction
that the Government was strong."
This has been the basis of British
policy in Egypt. an d Lord Cromer can
now say with confidence that "at no
former period in their long history
have the. people been so prosperous or
so contented as at present."
The official body as a class have yet
to become accustomed to the use of
the weapons which a civilized system
of government has placed in their
hands. They have yet to learn that
there is a middle term between the
exercise of unbridled authority and
the weakness which shuns all respon
sibility.
"Time, patience and the application
of sound, just and reasonably liberal
principles should enable all the dif
ficulties which may arise from these
and similar causes to be solved with
out resort to any heroic remedies. On
this solid basis the superstructure
can now be improved and completed
in such a manner as time and experi
ence may necessitate."
How exceedingly sound the financial
management of the Khedive's admin
istration has been may be judged by a
glance at the illuminating and under
standable figures which Lord Cromer
has incorporated in his report.
Every penny of the eight millions
which have been spent during the last
eigtueen years on canals and irriga
tion has-been charged to revenue, and
the Suakln-Berber Railway, estimated
to cost one and three-quarter millions,
will be paid for out of the accumula
tions of past years. ,
An interesting sidelight on the so
cial life of^the country is afforded in
the section devoted to marriage.
The great facility for divorce al
lowed by Mohametan law tends more
than any other single cause to under
mine family life in Moslem countries.
I am inclined to think that the prac
tice of divorce, equally with that of
polygamy, is diminishing, but that
large numbers of Moslems still avail
themselves of the provisions of the
law to get rid of their wives cannot
be doubted.
During the past year 176,474 cer
tificates of Moslem marriages were
registered. There were 52,992 cases
of divorce. In other words, for every*
seven women married there were
rather more than two divorced.
In a great many cases, however, the
husband takes his wife back again
after divorcing her; and as in these
cases a new certificate of marriage is
not necessary, the reunion does not ap
pear in the statistics. — London Ex
press.
power-house in Manitou and return
ing without going- through the earth.
The pole of the car will take the
power In the ordinary way and trans
mit to the motor, but It will return on
the other wire to the power-house and
not through the earth, thereby pre
venting 1 ' the burning out of the mo
tor.
The poles which will &g*y these
wires will each have at the top a
lightning-rod designed to attract elec
tricity which plays around the peak
so fiercely. The theory is "that the
poles will catch the "juice" and trans
mit it through the rails of the cog
road to the power-house in Manitou.
where it will be transformed and
stored for use. They will take the
electricity off the peak and transmit
to Manitou, where it can be used for
driving trains up and down.
The cog road management have al
ready begun upon plans and specifi
cations. — New York Herald.
Ail Explorer's Book.
Sp»>cl«.! Correspondence.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
.• Z HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
• GARDEN. LONDON. April 25.— For
•three months A. Henry Savage
1-andor has been in London, and
. 'yet not cne of his large cir
' rte of friends has known of his
*-• "w hereabouts. At a Westminster hotel,
' -*\ here this grandson of the poet. Walter
Savage Landor. always lives when in
the metropolis, he has been shut up,
• * denying himself all social pleasures, so
- .that he might write his long projected
• • book on the Philippines in peace, undis
turbed by callers. "Gems of the East"
.. "is to be the title of this book on the
• . •PhiHppiiics. where Savage Landor has
•. "just soent a whole year, living among
.' the most savage trilx>s to be found in
the islands.
. " Now that I^andor lias emerged from
' •". lws seclusion he lets little bits of his
-experience? in the archipelago, where
'; . he had several close shaves, escape
him. and is especially loud in his
praise* of the courtesy of the United
• States Government, which not only
placed a vessel at his disposal, but
every facility for the explorations
' vhlch occupied him for the year.
• Experienced in dealing with savage
• tribes. Mr. I-andor got on wonderfully
. well with those of the Philippines, and
' • returned to London looking as youthful
*• as ever and confessing that he thor
oughly enjoyed his adventures. He says
; that though he let the savages see that
they conMnt scare him. he did not
' bully them, and only were they In d«?s
" perate fright of him when he wanted
-• to measure their heads. Then they
' thought he was trying to work a spell
on them. But in the end he succeeded
'.'in disarming their fears, and has, be
*Sldes many meapureme nts. brought
. ' back a number of skulls for anthropo
logical purposes, which are to be pre
*. 'Fented to the natural history section of
tbe- British Museum. Besides the book,
•• -.*>\hich is to have a red cover, adorned
. with the Stars and Strides, and which
' : *is.'to be published simultaneously in
• Lon'don. New York and Berlin. Mr.
•; l^andor Is compiling no less than thirty
*.' dictionaries of the words used by thirty
\ different tribes in the islands. This ex
plorer. «h<J is a wonderful linguist in
European languages, can pick up one
of .these primitive languages in an un
¦ commonly short time and thus make
,• 'himself Quite at home with any savage
tribe.
•. Mr. Landor sj>eaks English with a
. " s!ight foreign accent, for his mother
S. v.as an Italian, and it is from her that
.he ha« inherited a charming little es
tate in Italy, with vineyards and
olive groves, n^ar Florence, tn which
•city dwell his father and mother, one
• sister and two brothers, all quite un
.- touched with the spirit of adventure
, . ;tha't excites the author. It Is to this
estate, his real home, that Mr. Landor
. -will repair later this month.
*. Landor never smokes, never drinks
alcoholic liquors and hardly knows the
.meaning oZ fatigue. As one example
i»f his endurance, when the war be
tween China and Japan broke out the
. "explorer fulfilled a publisher's sudden
• demands to complete the writing and
.Illustrating of a book on Korea, from
•whence he had just returned, within
" • pne'rr.onih. That month he had prom
" ised to stay in Scotland with Lc-rd
- Glenesk and. as there was royalty
.'Staying in the house, he was not only
• * unable to cancel his engagement, but
Jie had to join in everything that was
./ going cv all day so that his writing
• haul to be done during the hours of
night. He only allowed himself three
] tumtV sleep each night and at the end
* .cf twenty-eight days his work, includ
ing the illustrations and covers, was
¦¦, completed and in the publisher's hands.
Guy Thome's novel. "When It Was
.Dark." reviews cf which I see are
now cpp<?aring in the United States,
get a handsome "^er.d off" at the hands
t£ of the Bishop cf Li.-ndon the other day.
"" It is seldom indeed thct reference to
• a modern work of fiction is made from
T the pulpit here, and the compliment to
- •. Guy Thome was the greater from the
fact* that the Bishop of London praised
hts work in a sermon at Westminster
.. Abbey.
. ; -I wonder." said Mr. Ingram,
. '" *'¦« hether any of you have' read that
kemark&ble wprk of flctlcn. 'When It
Was Dark?' It paints, in wonderful
colors, what it seems to me the world
would be if for six months, as in the
. Clcry it is supposed to be the case.
• owing to a gigantic fraud, the Resur-
: i>ctlon might be supposed never to
" have occurred."
'Although in her time Frances Powell
Ccbbe both wrote and spoke on the
*• s.ubjett of woman's rights with the
energy of Sasan B., Anthony herself,
the wide attention which her death
". attracted the other day was due prin
cipally to the unusual commands con
tained ,ln her will. She evidently had
• a horror of being buried alive, for she
.• left .strict instructions that Dr. Had
«en of Gloucester, a former co-worker
• in her anti-vivisection campaign,
should perform on her body "the oper
ation of completely and thoroughly
severing the arteries of the neck and
windpipe, nearly severing the head al
together, eo as to- render any revival
tn the grave absolutely impossible."
Miss Cobbe. went further, however, by
declaring that if this operation was
not performed and at its completion
v;itnessed by one or the other of her
executors and testified by the same, all
the bequests in her will were to be.
made null and vc-id.
VARIOUS and numerous stories have been pub
lished of the fight between the Japanese fleet
and the two Russian ships bottled up in Chemulpo
harbor, but the Sunday Call to-morrow will contain, ex
clusively, the first official report that has been received
in America. v
It was written on the day of the great one-sided
fight immediately after the sinking of the Variag and
the Koreitz, by* W. A. Marshall of the United States
steamship Vicksbtirg, senior officer commanding, who,
with his ship, was stationed in the harbor at the
time and was, therefore, a keen and critical eye-witness
of all that took place.
In it he tells how* Captain Roudnoff sailed out with
band playing to meet, the whole Japanese fleet of two
battleships, six cruisers and twelve torpedo craft, and
was battered to pieces in one of the most heroic naval
battles in all history, of the damage done by the Japanese
fire and later by the Russians themselves, and how the
"men of the" foreign fleet went to the rescue of the
Variag's survivors after they had been abandoned by
the Koreitz before, she herself was blown up. *
This long and minute report was sent to the com
mander-in-chief of the United States force on the Asiatic
station, and besides being official makes ifp one of the
most interesting accounts ever written of a modern
battle viewed from the calm, cool, unexaggerating stand
point of one who is himself versed in the science of
the terrible game.
As to the awful havoc wrought the photographs, which
were taken immediately after the battle, exclusively for
the Sunday ¦¦ Call, show how one of the finest warships
ever built, and which had seen only eighteen months
of service, now looks, lying near the torn and battered
hulk of her sister ship, the Koreitz.
Taking the war zone in a sweeping circle there is
also an article in the Sunday Call to-morrow written
by Eli T. Sheppard, former United States Consul Gen
eral to Chinkiang during the Chino-Japanese embroglio,
who writes of "Port Arthur, the Tragic Monument of
Li Hung Chang's Diplomacy," which gives the secret
history of the forts that are now holding the Japanese
at bay with such grim tenacity.
Following the zone still farther round the circle there
is a story of the Philippines from the pen of Albert
Sonnichsen, who served with the American forces, and
therefore knows. of what he writes at first hand, entitled
"When Lawton's Charger Ruled Vigan."
Swinging back around the circle the Sunday Call will
present the first installment of three full illustrated
pages of Headon Hill's exceptionally powerful nove[ of
Russian life, entitled "By a Hair's Breadth," which
rather sensational title gives no idea of the sweep and
strength and serious revelations of the story itself. It
is indeed a novel of rare interest just at the present time,
while the eyes of the whole world are focused on St.
Petersburg, for it tells of the plot and counterplot that
keep the Czar in constant jeopardy and how marvelously
be is safeguarded by the dreaded "Third Section."
Switching off * at a slight tangent there js an article
from the pen of Maynard Shipley on the "King of
Kings," on justice and crime in Abyssinia, under the
all-powerfuj Menelik II. This article is especially im
portant in view of the negotiations now being conducted
with the United States.
Making the circle of the world complete and coming
much nearer home, the Sunday Call to-morrow will
print an article on "Record Breaking Automobiling in
California," which not only tells of a remarkable feat
just accomplished but illustrates it with one of the most
striking photographs ever taken. It is so large that it
fills up the whole page from -top to bottom and from
corner to corner.
And, in the line of summer fashions for men and
women, which is quite apropos, there is a lull page on
the correct dress for gentlemen, illustrated with a full
list of photographs, and a full page for the gentler sex,
in fact two full pages, both completely illustrated with
the finest half-tones ever reproduced in the West. One
is "The Picture Veil/' which is a chic and sensational
novelty, ,- and the other, under the heading of "What
Women Want to Know," is "The Sweet Scented Satchet
Bag" — how to make it and how and when to use it and
when not to use it. .
And on page 15 Jerome K % Jerome has one of the
cleverest articles that ever came from his pen. entitled
''Beauty by the Bottle," which will create no end of dis
cussion between men andVomen for obvious reasons.
Pictorially and artistically the'Sunday Call to-morrow
will be of unusual interest. There are two full page
multiple color pictures that will find their way into
frames on the walls of manv homes.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
The harbor police are having considerable difficulty in
suppressing that peculiar parasite of seaports, the bay
pirate. Fortunately there is very little of harm left in
the wharf pest except the romance of his name, and that
is not even formidable enough to inflame the imagina
tion of a small boy. And there is not a small compen
sation in the fact that the "pirates" give the police an
excuse for exercise.
THE feeling of public anxiety that existed during
the pendency of the issue between the Carmen's
Union of San Francisco and the United Railroads
was caused not only by past experiences here, but by a
knowledge of the- losses caused elsewhere by long, and
bitter strikes. This feeling of anxiety was shared by the
carmen themselves. What we escaped may be measured
by the results reported by the New York State Bureau
of Mediation and Arbitration on the strikes of 1903.
These numbered -192, against 142 in the preceding year.
The losses far exceeded those of 1902, when they were
572,285 working days. In 1903, the number of employes
affected was 117,000 and they lost 3,900,000 days' work
and wages. In the building trades strike 37>O37 em
ployes lost in wages $6,754,751. In all the disputes and
consequent idleness of the year, workmen lost over
$10,000,000 in wages. y
The loss to business is incalculable. The delay, in
building, loss of rents and interest, the extra insurance
risk, the slower movement in real estate, the insolvency
of many enterprises and the effect of doubt and uncer
tainty that pervaded, business and industry made it a
year of stress and tj&l in New York. It is no wonder
that out of it all conservative men, like. John Mitchell
and Mr. Buchanan, are led to declare that the economic
loss of strikes far exceeds the advantage usually gained
by them. The experience of New York was nearly
duplicated by Chicago, where, it is said, the loss in
wages and other collateral sacrifices have made a deep
and damaging impression upon the progress of the city.
Looking upon the record of these distant disturbances
and counting up the losses under which other cities
wince and flinch, and making a study of the causes :Qf
it all, we may see how near San Francisco came 'to letd
ing off the industrial year by a similar experience.- But,
instead of that we have led off in a condition of fair
industrial peace, brought out of a situation which threat
encd-a prolonged and costly war.
It mny be expected that other cities will be attracted
by our success in escaping causes which have made
them suffer so bitterly. Capital, which is timidly in
flight from storm centers where its investment is unsafe,
will be led to investigate the better conditions* which
promise safety for it here. All interests, of labor and
capital alike, are safer where there is industrial equilib
rium and a degree of freedom under the law. It 'is
fortunate for San Francisco that the streetcar issue was
so long pending that it attracted attention throughout
the Union, and that other cities, judging by their own
unhappy experiences, were confident that a peaceful issue
was impossible.
When peace did come, on terms honorable and satis
factory to both sides, those who had expected the oppo-
Mte result were informed and educated as they would
not have been if the matter had acquired only local
notoriety. The contrast is so marked between what
was peacefully settled here and the carnage and de
struction that raged around the streetcar systems of
Chicago and St. Louis that investors are sure to be at
tracted to this city, where reason and right thinking
are in control of employers and employes.
Disorder -is infectious. Man is an imitative animaj,
and methods good or bad adopted by masses of men
infect other masses, leading to widespread disorders.
The streetcar men, by keeping the middle of the road,
using their own common sense, and the officers of the
United Railroads, by showing a rare capacity for looking
on both sides cf an issue that' so mightily concerned
them, have set the pace for the year. When that pace
has become custom and habit to those who take it, a
great example is set, making for the peace and pros
perity of other years to come.
We do not hesitate to say that the settlement was
worth millions to San Francisco, , not " merely by pre
venting the sad waste of a strike, but by the good repute
with which it invests the city.
No Room for Him.
In replying * to the toast. "The Pro
gressive Jew," at a banquet where sat
a mixed assemblage of Jews and gen
tiles the other night, John Rosenfeld
amused his hearers with the following
anecdote:
"A few days ago," he said, "a can
vasser called at my office and urgently
requested an interview. The man was
well dressed and had the gift of gab
in fact, he was «n artist in his line. He
bowed himself in, and without waiting
to be invited seated himself in a chair.
After the usual Inquiry on my part as
to what I could do for him, he said:
" 'Mr. Rosenfeld, I am a canvasser
for a new work that is about to be
published in New York by an eminent
scholar from Poland; it is on the life
and history of the Wandering Jew.
The publishers are very desirous of
having the work introduced In San
Francisco among the more enlightened
Hebrews, as it will in a measure do
away with considerable of the prejudice
that exists against our race. The sub
scription is only a matter of $5. and to
such a public spirited Jew as yourself
it will have interest. "What number of
copies will I put you down for?'
"I was astounded at the man's gall,
and before waiting to hear further from
him I rang for the bookkeeper, and
when he entered the room I said, 'Give
this man $20. and see here.' I said to
the canvasser, 'keep that book In New
York, and keep that "Wandering Jew
on the move until doomsday. We
Jews in America have no use for any
more wanderers; we are happy and
content, and have found the. happy
land long promised to Moses. We have
no room for wanderers, but plenty of
places for industrious Jews.' "
Her last instructions were to this
curious effect: .
••1 desire that my coffin be not made
of oak, or of any durable wood, but,
on the principle of earth to earth bur
ials, of the lightest and most perish
able materials, merely sufficient to
carry my body decently to the grave,
and without any ornament or inscrip
tion whatever. I desire to be carried
to Llanelltyd Cemetery, not in. a fun
eral hearse, but in one or other of my
own carriages, driven by my coach
man, at his usual pace. And I desire
that neither then nor at any other
time may my friends or servants wear
mourning: for me."
Apropos of this strenuous woman's
death, a literary acquaintance of mine
recalled a use of her name by Darwfn
to which Huxley often made laugh
ins reference. Speaking of some man
who had just perpetrated a screeching
anti-vivisection pamphlet, Darwin re
marked that he wrote "like a female
Frances Cobbe."
crossed a river fighting, assaited and carried, a strongly
fortified position, and by storm, captured thirty of the
forty guns mounted to defend it.
WHAT WE ESCAPED.
T HE:- SAN ' FRAN;GJSCQ GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Propricto: . ....... . . r Addre»-, - All Commonicatioas to JOHN McNAUGHT. Manage:
Publication Office ....'...' <^%^^^^ > Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY .\ . . f ; . ; . .~. . .... . .MAY 7, 1004
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. MAY 7, 1904.
Special Information SBtfPlted dally to
business houses and public xaea by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), ~ 1* Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 10 4 J, *
Townsend's California GIac* fruit* In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 7:3 Market at.'
This week gen. eyeglasses, specs. SOc-»
50c SI 4th. front Key "West Oys. House."
The Chinese in Honolulu appear to have been far
more receptive than their fellows here in absorbing the
principles that actuate certain unlovely classes of "Amer
icans. Two coolies, sentenced in the island capitaL to an
imprisonment of fifteen years ~at hard labor, begged to
he put to death' rather than be. made suffer the indignity
of hard work. Their viewpoint is distinctly Occidental
father than Orientals " " * \ ' _
A woman suing for twenty-five thousand dollars dam
ages for lacerated affections was awarded in compen
sation by a jury the other day the modest sum of one
dollar. It would have been cheaper had the lady become
a devotee ofthe faith cure. Then she would not have
been forced to suffer the harrowing comparison be
tween what she thought was hers and what a jury in its
diverse wisdom sometimes thinks.
A Baron from the Netherlands on adventure bent and
seeking Indians to slay pursued his hazardous journey
recently as far' as Chicago, where in disgust he gave
up the chase. The Baron is no true sport. He should
have possessed himself in patience, waited for the St.
Louis convention, and spotted game that will make
Indian chasing a child's play. A glimpse of the Tam
manyites there to be assembled would fire anybody's
blood. s
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
8
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES$100 Rupture Cure for 110 by Hunter, 1200
Markat *£. ii-nA far circular. •
Santa Fe Enjoins Ottinger.
An injunction was issued yesterday
enjoining A. Ottinger and other ticket
brokers from handling the tickets sold
by 1 the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railroad-during the conference of the
Methodist Bishops at Los Angeles. A
similar injunction was issued on com
plaint of the Southern Pacific a few
days ago.
If not in a sealed carton, then it is not
Hills Bros." Arabian Boast. •
National Guard Ball To-Nlfiht.
Company A, First Infantry, X. G. C,
will give an exhibition drill and ball
at the armory. Page and Gough stretse,
this evening. The hall has been dec
orated with great streamers of bunt
ing and the national colors. The com
mittee of arrangements has left no
stone unturned to make the event a
success. ¦•'• ."."
Poes Not Know His Home
- Samuel Handley. 51 years of age,
tfaa found wandering about on the
Broadway wharf yesterday by Police
man McGreevey. He said he had ar
rived on a steamer, but he did not
know where or when and he was also
unable to say where he had come
trom. He was taken to the City Prison
and will be detained pending an effort
to discover something definite about
him. i ¦¦¦.",-
XRIAL.OF LIEUTENANT AIKEN'
AVILL COMMENCE NEXT WEEK
¦Depute Influence Brought to Bear.
" I.*; Young Officer Mu~t Answer
Before Court-Martial.
• .The approaching trial of Lieutenant
"VtiiKam E. Aiken. Twenty-eighth In
fantry, who is accused of disobeying
t£e orders of his commandins officer,
i£ causing much comment at the post.
¦ .Great inf.uence has been brought to
.'bearjto have the tria.1 indefinitely post
po'ned. Captain John J. Bradley, the
Judge advocate of the court, however,
{tfpects to open the court-martial on
or 'about next Wednesday la the li
"rfcary building at the Presidio.
1 • .'Colonel Alfred C. Markley, Thir
teenth Infantry, is president of the
The Twenty-ninth Infantry. Colonel
B." F. Lockwood. which sailed from
51a^ii!a for this port on April 15. will
1> due to arrive here next Saturday,
the J4th.
• " The Third band, artillery corps,
irav'e the usual -weekly concert at the
;>ost yesterday afternoon.
. Colonel Thomaa McGregor. U. S. A.,
retired, registered at headquarters
yesterday.
WOULD BE ADMINISTRATRIX.— Agnes B.
Ahem yesterday applied for letters of adminis
tration upon the $15,000 estate of her sister.
Mary A. Ahern. She makes the application on
request of Anne Ahern, mother of the de
ceased.
Awards Printing Contract.
The Supervisors* Printing Commit
tee yesterday awarded the contract for
the printing of the law and motion
calendar and the journal of proceed
ings of the Board of Supervisors to the
Recorder Publishing Company for
$275.
Marine Fireman Drowned.
Early yesterday morning the body of
the man that fell from the gangplank
of the steamship Centennial at How
ard-street wharf and was drowned
was recovered floating in the bay near
by. There was nothing in the cloth
ing that would give a clew to the iden
tity of the unfortunate man, but it is
believed that his name was John Cun
ningham . and that he was a marine
fireman.
Positions for Navigators.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion on- June 4 for the position of mas
ter, quartermaster's department at
large, to fill seven vacancies at $1600
p*er annum each. Age limit, 20 years
or over. Applicants must submit .with
their applications ocean master's li
cense and should be skilled licensed
coastwise pilots and navigators. Apply
to the United States Civil Service Com
mission, Washington, D. C, for appli
cation form 1093, amended. No .ap
plication will be accepted unless filed
with the commission at Washington
prior to the hour of closing business
on June 4.
PRISONER ARRESTED FOR
Bl'RGLARY MAKES ESCAPE
*riirou?h Blunder of Some Person
'.John Williams Alias McDonald.
'I* Now IZnjojing Uberty.
"Through somebody's blunder a man
a^-cused of burglary is now- enjoying
l.\is liberty and the police are making
. s^ieriuous efforts to get him behind
fifiSbo bars iigain. He is John Wil
liams, alias John McDonald, a former
,;>tiJriUst. _ He »as arrested on April
£2 for breaking into the Mission Buy
workshops of the Southern Pacific
. Corrvpi^iy and there was a strong case
against him. as he was caught in the
The c-tse vras assigned to Police
Jodge Fritz s court and when Williams
ajjpeareU for arraignment he played
the insanity dodge so successfully that
Uie-Judge ordered him sent before the
Commissioners for examination. He
was -taken to the Central Emergency
Hospital by Detective Taylor.
When the case was called on Thurs-
Cay. Williams failed to make his ap
pearance and an inquiry developed the
fact that the Insanity Commissioners
had. decided that he was not insane
arxd Williams was allowed to walk out
«f the hospital a free man. Judge
Fritz at once issued a bench warrant
tor Williams* arrest.
The fault lies either with Detective
Taylor or the hospital authorities and
en investigation is being made to place
the -blame upon the proper person.
Burglars in Butcher Shop.
Denis Gallagher was booked at the
City Prison yesterday morning by Spe
cial Officer R. T. Harvey on a charge
of burglary and Paul Durney, a boy
11 years of age, was booked for a pub
lic institution. Harvey found the boy
hiding in an icebox in the butcher
shop of Fred W. Held, 1303 Buchanan
street. The boy confessed that he and
Gallagher had broken into the place
and Gallagher had tried to force open
the safe. Gallagher was found later.
The most important matter for dis
cussion at the session of the Grand
Jury yesterday afternoon was the un
lawful selling of liquor by saloon-keep
ers whose f places of business are in the
neighborhood of the Presidio entrance
on Baker street.
The saloon-keepers of that, neighbor
hood are only licensed to do wholesale
business, but it is said that a retail
trade is openly carried on in all the
shops. Soldiers in uniform can always
be seen" loafing in the many barrooms
or lounging about the tables and bar3
Inside. It is said that they are given
all the liquor they want, but should a
well-dressed citizen ask for a drink he
would be told that the house was not
allowed to retail liquor.
The state of affairs was made known
by The Call several months ago, but
though the police have been informed
time and again of the unlawful trade
no effort has been made to. put a stop
to it. -," v.t V;
Several members of the Grand Jury
that were told of the retail business
being carried on dressed themselves in
shabby attire and visited several of the
bars in question. In all of them they
were served drinks in glasses. The
Grand Jury will submit the matter to
the Police Commissioners, with instruc
tions to investigate.
At the suggestion of the Board of
Public "Works the Grand Jury yester
day Instructed the Department of Elec
tricity to repair the electric wiring in
the Almshouse, as the present wiring
is extremely dangerous.
The Grand Jury also approved the re
cent action of Judge Conlan and the
Fire Commissioners in the matter of
Thomas Commins and William Mur
phy, two firemen charged with bur
glary. The case was dismissed.
Police Commissioner H. W. Hutton
Is fighting hard to free himself from
punishment for the alleged violation
of the injunction issued to Jean Pon
restraining the police from interfering
with his restaurant business at 1129
Dupont street.
When the contempt proceedings
against Hutton were called before
Judge Cook at noon yesterday his at
torney, HJ^Tm Johnson, Interposed a
demurrer to the effect that the af
fidavit of Pon did not state facts suf
ficient to " constitute contempt and
that the court had no jurisdiction in
the matter or over the person of the
respondent.
Johnson argued at considerable
length in support of the demurrer. He
said it was evident on the face of the
petition and affidavit that the respond
ent was hot a party to the injunction,
nor did it run to him as a servant or
employe of the-'party or parties en
joined. As the respondent was not a
party to the, injunction nor described
in the injunction he could not be held
in contempt for violating it.; The per
sons enjoined were the Chief of Po
lice, a captain, of police, a sergeant
and all policemen. It did not run to
any Police Commissioner. He quoted
a Nebraska case. where the Mayor, al
though knowing that an injunction
was In force, Instructed city employes
to violate it and was purged of con
tempt.
Attorney Collins replied that the
Nebraska case referred to did not ap
ply, as the Mayor did not advise any
of the parties enjoined to violate the
injunction. In the Hutton case the
respondent was being. prosecuted for
aiding and abetting those enjoined to
violate the injunction and this made
him an accomplice.
After further argument the Judge
asked both sides to submit authorities
and he would render his decision on
Monday morning. The other contempt
cases were continued till that time.'
Police Commissioners Howell. Drink
house and Reagan were in court to
testify as to the proceedings at the se
cret meeting when it is alleged Hutton
was made "special Chief of Police for
1129 Dupont street," and they were
told to return on Monday morning.
Two Firemen Charged With
Burglary 'Dismissed \nd
Conlan's Action Approved
Avers She Threw Carbolic
\'Uid in His FaTce Because
.'lit- Had Parted With Her
liicfcaid Graves was the victim c" a
varr.en Fcurned yesterday afternoon,
ar«i :t ivis his proir.pt act in covering
t . hi£ face with his hinds that saved him
'Crorr. r>trii:ancrit disfigurea-.ent- He se
cured a warrant frcra Police Judge
Fritz . for the arrest of Jennie L.
for throwing carbolic
**acld it Lis face with the intent to «iis
• f.gure z.nd injure him.
Oraves is employed by Wells, Fargo
o£.» Co. -aJ 1 a freight fcandier at the ferry
und lives at 6*- 5 Sacramento street. For
the last two or three years the woman
. has lived v.ith him as his wife, but en
>!arch 2S he told her they would have
• to. part, as he was tired of givfng her
nil tbe money he earned.
. Th.e woman visited the different of
. f.cies . Qf Welle, Fargo & Co. making
. cobcplaints against Graves, and on May
L .Superintendent Thomson at the ferry
depjot geve her S10 from Graves on her
¦"•^remise- that she ivould not molest
Graves again. She wrote a receipt for
the money, in which she made the de
:j5.re<i promise.
. Yesterday when Graves went to hii
¦ lodging-house he discovered that thl
V.imia was lying ia wait for him. She
pulled a mustard can from under her
• jacket and with an offensive remark
threw tiue contents at Graves' face. In
stiSclively he threw his hands up to
."his. eyes, end the liquid, which proved
.to *be carbolic acid, burned his hands
f*vf-re!y, but his eyes were saved. The
acid was also scattered over his shirt
• fwet and his vest.
Tke wociii dropped the can and ran
av'ij;. and Graves was too dazed by
. TEe- uhc-xpected attack to follow her.
lie picked ui> the can and brought it
V-ith him to the Hail of Justice, and it
ivill be used as evidence against his
assailant. She lives on Fifth street, be
tv.een Howard and Folsorn.
Numerous Authorities Are
Submitted and Decision
Is Eeserved Until 3Ionday
the man took the money from her lap
as she sat in an invalid's chair and
then hurried away. An. effort to con
vict him of grand larceny was frus
trated by his pleading guilty to petty
larceny. .
Amos Buffum, chauffeur, was without
license to run his automobile, the Scar
let Scorcher, when he left the vehicle
standing on Bush street, between
Kearny and Dupont, and entered a
saloon to refresh himself with a drink.
But that was only one of the charges
connected with Amos Buffum's name
on Judge Fritz's calendar. "Another one
was "malicious mischief," and it Is the
text {of the story.
No sooner was Amos comfortably
leaning u£>cn the bar and pouring out
his drink than the machine at the door
suddenly snorted and started .ferry
ward at a fifteen-mile-an-hour clip. Its
speed was accelerated by the steepness
of the declivity and as it crossed
Kearny street it was like unto the
proverbial streak of greased lightning.
Not until it neared Montgomery did it
swerve from the straight and narrow
asphalt, and then it abruptly switched
into the tailoring shop of J. R. Smith,
damaging the front of that establish
ment and injuring its own gear. There
It coughed and sputtered until Patrol
man Skelly rescued it and arrested
Amos Buffum as soon as he appeared
to claim his property.
Amos Buffum failed to appear yes
terday morning before Judge Fritz and
his $30 bail was ordered* forfeited. The
Scarlet Scorcher is undergoing repairs.
Sergeant L. H. Hoffmaster, United
States artillery, was fined $20 for dis
turbing the peace, while Private W. H.
Miller of the same corps was taxed
treble that sum for the same offense.
Judge Cabaniss heard the cases.
The defendants were among the pas
sengers on an inward bound Hyde
rtreet car, , and engaged in an
altercation with GriDman Jackson
that resulted in their expulsion
from the vehicle by a police
man called for that purpose. They were
landed in the heart of the tenderloin
district and Jackson triumphantly re
sumed his journey. On his return trip,
however, the car was boarded in mili
tant fashion by the two defendants
end several other sons of Mars, and
when the gripman endeavored to re
sist the invaders he was roughly hand
led by them. Then the two arrests
were made.
Private Miller was fined $60 because
it was proved that he had hurled a
brickbat at the gripman's head, and
that the missile missed its target by a
hair's-breadth. Sergeant Hoffmaster
utilized nothing more dangerous than
his hands anfi tongue during the at
tack.
Nicholas Kelly's ingenious plea
failed of intended effect upon Judge
Fritz and a sentence of three months'
imprisonment for pettty larceny was
handed down.
Mrs. Jette Weinstern was removing i
her household effects from a house on
McAllister street when Nicholas picked
up her coat from the sidewalk and
walked off with it. To the policeman
who arrested him Nicholas declared
that he was merely searching the •
pockets of the garment for a screw- |
driver which he had lost and had no !
intention of stealing it. This explana- |
tion he repeated to Judge Fritz. '
"If my memory Is not at fault," said I
his Honor, "you were once convicted
of stealing a bicycle and I gave you six
months." * i
"That's what you did. Judge,"
cheerfully confessed Nicholas, "but I
was as innocent of that charge as I am
guiltless of this one. The bicycle was
standing in a hallway when I stumbled
over it and as we rolled out to the
street together a policeman arrested
me for stealing it."
"If your ingenuity were honestly
exercised it would bring you vast
wealth," said the court
Mary Quinn. her husband and their
two children occupy the second story
of 28% Geneva street and the first
floor harbors the \ household of Mr.
Burke. Between the two families
there has been unkindly feeling for
some time, the cause of which was
Variously explained to Judge Mogan.
before whom Mrs. Quinn stood ac
cused of disturbing the peace of the
Burkes, with Mr. Burke pressing the
charge. He stated that Mrs. Quinn
was given to frequent overindulgence
in intoxicants and while under their
influence did everything she could
think of that might annoy him and
his family. A favorite act of hers was
to drop ashes from the rear balcony
of her domicile upon the garments
which Mrs. Burke had washed and
suspended upon a line to dry in the
yard below.
"The old man is all right, your
Honor," said Mr. Burke, alluding to
Mr. Quinn, "but the old woman is a
howling terror."
Mrs. Quinn instantly bridled up and
denied the impeachment "My old
man's an old soak," she shouted, "and
I'm a good girl."
"Guilty of peace disturbance and
passing of sentence deferred till Mon
day," said the Judge.
Parental neglect was never more un
naturally exercised than by Ole Go
gadus and his wife Georgie toward
their five-year-old boy. They left the
child alone at their home. 1063 Howard
street, on the morning of Friday, April
2S. and did not return again until last
Thursday evenics, when they were ar-,
rested on Harrison street for drunken
ness. For six days they had evidently
been oblivious of their offspring's ex
istence. The little one had not eaten
anything for three days when his con
dition was discovered by neighbors. He
was almcst famished, and his prompt
removal to the City Receiving Hospital
probably saved bis life and averted a
charge of infanticide against his par
ents.
Policeman Kruger told the story yes
terday to Judge Mogan. and Officer
Young of the S. P. C. C. corroborated
It in every detail and added that Gk>
gadus and his wife are habitual drunk
ards and had previously neglected their
child in a shameful way. The man is a
plumber and receives good wages when
he is sober enough to work.
"I was in the country," whined Go
gadus to the Judge, "and thought
child was being cared for by it? moth
er." \^
"I was visiting a lady friend of
mine," whined the woman, "and
thought the boy's father was looking
out for him."
• • •
"You were both drunk and apparent
ly careless of what became of your
child when the officer found you on
Harrison street last evening," said the
Judge. "I will continue this case till
to-morrow."
Lottie Gonzales, pretty of face and
picturesquely costumed, stood before
Judge Mogan and declared she was not
a vagrant. Her raven coiffure was
surmounted by a milliner's creation of
rakish shape and garish colors, a scar
let cape draped her shoulders and her
arms were akimbo and her head sauc
ily btrbbing as she addressed the bench.
"Well, did you ever?" she exclaimed
when Patrolman Reed had told of how
his investigation of her character had
led to the arrest.
"Did I ever what?" inquired his
Honor.
"Did you ever — why, mercy! Don't
you know what that means?"
The court's head wagged negatively.
"Mercy! Why it means that — that
I ain't that kind of a lady. Mercy! I
suppose if a lady doesn't tell all she
knows to every cop she meets she's
to be run in? Mercy! Did any one
ever?"
Senorita Gonzales was given till next
Monday to prove her accuser a falsi
fier and, with skirts aswish a la Car
men, she strode from the tribunal.
H. W. Meyers waxed wroth when
Judge Fritz sentenced him to three
months' imprisonment for assaulting
Mrs. Warner when that lady tried to
persuade her 16-year-old daughter,
Alice, to abandon him and return
home.
"Well, this is a nice thing!" ex
claimed Mr. Meyers. "Didn't I offer
to marry Allie, and what more could
I do?"
There was no response from th<*
bench and the prisoner fairly fumed
as he was led away by the bailiff.
A charge of vagrancy has been
filed against the girl and she is detain
ed in custody until the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children can
arrange for her proper care until she
attains woman's estate. Her parents
are divorced.
"I have been drunk four weeks,"
said Pat Coleman to Judge Mogan,
"and as I've had a good time I'm will
ing to be sent to jail."
"Money all gone, I suppose?" ven
tured the court-
"Every cent of it," replied Pat;
"but I've had a lively run for it and
have no kick comin*."
Mr. Coleman came down from the
mines to have his good time and says
that as soon as he is released from
prison he will resume drilling and
blasting until he has earned and
saved enough money to pay for an
other season of the metropolitan de
lights that lurk on the Barbary Coast.
He will be sentenced to-day for drunk
enness in a public place.
Danny Smith's mother declared that
his sister Mabel had no right to have
him arrested and charged wth dis
turbing, the peace because Dannie was
perfectly justified In resisting Mabel's
effort to exDel him from the maternal
roof at 96 Harrison street inasmuch
as Mabel was recently married and
has a home of her own, while Dannie
has no other abiding place than the
one he declined to leave. v
The defendant, a bright looking
lad, stated that ever since Mabel be
came a bride she has been afflicted
with an annoying h^bii of returning to
the home of her girlhood and "boss
ing" it. Just as she did for a long Mme
before she changed her name. . So
long as she had nobody else to "boss"
Dannie did not seriously object to be
ing nagged, but with a husband to
manage she might, Dannie opined, be
overworked by attempting to retain
her former domestic authority. This
consideration was partly responsible
for his revolt when she visited her
mother last Thursday evening and
with old time tyranny of tone and ac
tion bade him begone and never re
turn.
Judge Mogan confessed inability to
convict Dannie so long as his mother,
the real "boas" of the Smith house
hold, defended his resistance of Ma
bel's effort to evict.
David de Costa, barbed, elinkingly
confessed that he had systematically
swindled Mrs. Rosa Latimer, widow,
of 415% Natoma street, out of JS on
the 22d day of last February, and
Judee Mojan has the confession under
advisement.
Mrs. Latimer «stad a room to let
when De Costa, who resides with his
mother at North Beach, engaged it
and gave her in payment of %2 rental
a $10 Confederate greenback, accept
ing eight genuine dollars as change.
Tbe woman was HI at the time aud
< HAKGED WITH FELONY
BOTH SIDES AEE HEAED
Attorney of Police Commis
sioner Interposes Demur
rer to the Proceedings
Grand Jury Finds That Many
Saloons Near the Pre
sidio Do illegal Business
ACQUITTED OP THEFT
j I hey Leave the Little One Alone £t Home
and' After Six Days He Is Found by
Neighbors and Saved From Starvation
WOMAN SCORNED
SEEKS REVENGE
L'iriiani Graves Swears Out
p. Warrant for Arrest of
'Jennie L. Kleiriicnliagen
LIQUOR MEN
IGNORE LAW
HUTTON FIGHTS
CONTEMPT CASE
PARENTS CAROUSE WHILE THEIR
FIVE- YEAR- OLD BOY IS HUNGRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1904.
9
THE
GREAT
The Circus
Beautiful
TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT, A Z$. A Z?
- Cnder Mammoth Tents.
; Comer Eleventh and 3£ar£«t Sts.
Admission : Adults. 50c; C&ilton, 25c
TENTS PERFECTLY WATERPROOF.
STREET PARADE AT 10 A. M. TO-DAY.
| .
TWO! |° re R*
MVULl house.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
POSITIVELY LAST TWO NIGHTS
Of the Spectacular Military Comic Opera.
WHENJOHNNYCOMES
MARCHjNG HOME
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
2S5S? (runaway Sf doa
Come<ly Uii- c|RL _i_l wo^
I I New York
PRICES— C5c. 50c. 73c.
Bex and Mezzanine Seats. $1.00.
ALCAZAR
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MAT& TO-DAY AND SUX. .
LAST SUNDAY MATINEE TO-MORROW.
TU C Artiur W. H^
II L Plnero'« I j
i Great Play. «¦
„ PROFLIOATL
"A performance perfectly rounded, polished
and sincere." — Bulletin.
Er<.. 2.V to "5c: Mats. Sat. A Sun.. 23c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— First San Francisco Pro-
duction of the Rkc^edinx-ly Funny Comedy,
TILE TWO SCHOOLS.
As criginally played at the Madison Squar*
Theater. New York.
Market Street, near Elshth. Phone Scath 332.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TV/O NIGHTS.
MATDfEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Tbe Celebrated Crarr.a.
DR. JEKYLL
AND MR. HYDE
HEP.SCHEL MATALL ia the famous dual rol»
First Appearance in This City of
JAMES H. MONTGOMERY AND
OUVE G. SKDTXER
DDirrC Eventairs 10c to Me
iftlUCJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 23o
n Tr' * T— .**!' R~R V H I* *} rt MU8IL H'^'KfTBit.*
FLO ADLER
And a Great Show Erery Aft«raooa aa«
, Sttabuc la the Theater.
TAKE A RXDE OX THX
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
Eszieralda and Her BABY MONKEY la Ui»
Zoo.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIHROR MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT. „
CIRCULATE on the FERRIS WHEEL.
Admission. 10c; Children. 5c
When Phonic*. Ask for "The Chutes.** ¦
MISCELLANEOUS A3TOSKM HLNT3.
STEAMER H. J. CORCORAM.
Fastest ca the bay — Daily to VALLEJO and
MARE ISLAND — a fine trip any day. SPECIAL
SUNDAY EXCURSIONS, including lour hours'
stay at Glen Cove Villa aad two hours at Mar-
tinex where picnickers will find numerous
she'teivd nocks for luachtn*. WEEK DATS—
Leavr- San Francisco. Washington St.. pier N<k
3, »:."J0 a. m.. 3:CO p. m.. »S:0O p. m. Leav*
Vallejr- G:SI> «. rn .. 12:20 p. m.. *3:3O p. rn..
W:IO p. m. (*Saturday excepted. tSaturdar
only » SUNDAYS — l^av« San Francisco »:.¦»
a.n- . 8:00 p.m.. leareValleo 4:CO p.m. Fare 3Oc.
Rfiind trip, rood for SO days. 73c Special ex-
cursion rates Saturdays and Sundays, round
trip, 50c. First-class disisc serrice on board.
PIPER. ADE*. GOODALL CO..
Phcne Main tttl. 21 Clay ttreet.
SEMBRIGH
Assisted by RUDOLPH GANZ. Planhrt.
ALHAMBHA THSATXOL
OSXY ICATXSSS TO-DAY. 330.
SeaU. $3 and $2— Boxes. $3 30.
At Sherman. Clay * Co-'«-\
BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
SUN FRANGiSCO is. LOS AfiSELES.
' TO-DAY 3:0O P. 3C '
SUNDAY....... 2:30 P. M.
A Ivance £a!e of Seats at 5 Stockton St.
Weekly Call Jluer 1m
POSTTJM CZHEAI*
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Davis. Macaaley and Company: Sisters
Gasefc; Hal Merritt; Brando w and Wi-
ley, and Orpietun Motion Pictures.
Snowing; the XAUZTCSnVO OP THE
CAtirOBHIA. Last times of M. 7.
Snmoad'i Parisian Minstrels; Lev
Sully; Wilfred Clarke and Company,
and I. a Petite Adelaide.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c, 25c
and 50c.
AXN'OUXCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY'
Commencing SCN'DAY MATINEE.
First American Appearance of >
MME. SLAPOHFSKI
* England's Greatest Prtma Donna Soprano.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST NIGHT.
PUR, Famous Play
MELBOURNE La .
MacDOWELL TOSCa
To-Mor row Matinee, "Cleopatra"
Popular Prices — 15c, 25c. 50c. "5c :•'»
vUlBVifiOlM IL'llH VOXEL
THIS WEEK ANl) NEXT WEEK.
NIGHTLY, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATKTEE TO-DAY- — ;
KLA^V and ERLANGER Present
& ROGERS
(Themselves)
and 110 ENTERTAINERS— 110.
In John J. McNalIy*s Latest Vaudeville Farce.
"THE ROGERS BROS. IN LONDON."
May 16— MR. R&CHARD MANSFIELD.
CALIFORNIA
fsj TO-SIOHT E>v
tom;s wedding gift!
-V By Du T. CALLAHAN. M
TO-MORROW NIGHT jj
Return of Last Season's Biz Hit. ||
OUR NEW MINISTER |
¦ The best play and the best com- r
pany to visit the coast this season. H
EK2TEST HASTOTOS fl
_ And the famous original All-Star Cast. 2
B . Don't mis* the glorious welcome. B
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION
APRIL 30 to HAY 15.
Olympic Club Night
To-Night.
SPECIAIi FEATURES.
CONCERTS DAY AND NIGHT BT BEN-
NETTS CONCERT BAND.
SOUVENIR FANS TO ALL CHILDREN.
,;v . * open suajjats. .>¦;,
Bating IglSi^lkinT!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Radag each week day. rain or shine, except
Monday. May 2. Season closes Satur-
day. May 7.
Six or More Kaces Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track talc*
8. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12: JO
1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking la last two
cars, which axe reserred for ladles and their
escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 ana immediately after the last race.
THOMAS It. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. . " ¦ '.' .
PaiW D °N' T FAIL TO;
raidte sce b€amiful
j COURT Lounging
flfi/l room, the EMPIRE *
ailu Parlor, the
n \ PALM ROOM, the !
11 rand louis xv par -i
U1U1IU LOR. and the LA- !
U~J.~1« DIES* WRITING
• Hotels... RooM ;
•j — ¦ -+
SEE THE PHOTOGI1APHS OF
THE SOCIETY MEET.
Record Breakins Autoniobllins
in California.
XEXT SUXDAY CALL.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mnst bear
Fac-sMIe Signature of /^^T^z^g
*/m L-kT CONSTIPATION JsJsSi jfiBSk
iB s3& DIZZINESS ssftjjijt3j«KjiJSSTIOMA5!LC!^3?jrT^iwre*«3B»i
: ._- sallow skin tBmsMmtBSUS&mSaeaBUm
They TOUCH the L»i \f IE, R tatf Prka '
Genuine Wrapper Printed on —
ADVEBTiszanarrs.
AlCTTSEMEirrS.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
know I
& ffc j gJJ*^ piano ' K
JByi (*f PIANO >y | t j s wor thy of your I]
QB 1 is approved most intimate acquaint- ||
IH wherever heard anceship. Jy
H wnereverneara Jo knQw thg PACKARD AM
g ana PIANO is to desire to own I
from the Atlantic Jt possesses every desir- f|
to the Pacific able C 5 uallt y In a P lano and M
aiauLijMiiiii^a^'" 1 "" has no undesirable ones. / 1
j|§iTill THE PACKARD TONE is H
>&|ffiH fllll distinctive in every high- jjj
/wgjjllli ff&jg grade musical essential. fl;
||H| WM Our Easy Payment Plan A!
\v^lllilf HHl w^ enat)le vou *° buy a [v
\5§lf7 gig Packard so that you will IM
IbB «a» not ee * *^ e ex P en< 3iture. lu
jgv m¥& ywpk C a *l at once, or write if you M
W/j 931-933 Market Street San Francisco, Cal. u
Hi Other Stores: Oakland. Saa Jose, Sacr*m«nto, Eureka, Tremo /in
/f aad San Dieg-o. //I I
f/fl ' Tli* Kauvais Xusio Co. is now wrtabliahed in our building 1 . Ill
uf\ - For Sbetft Music, Books or small Musical Instruments, can on n\&
i^sjJn or address them, \\Ja
• Hard to quit "
COFFEE?
Not if you use
POSTUM
) FOOD COFFEE
"THERE'S A REASON"
AMT7SE21E2»TSThe' First and Fifth Teams
Are Separated by but
Six- Games at This Time
Eastern Kennels Are Being
Rapidly Eeplenisiied by
Fleet Foreign Stock
PENNANT RACE
GROWS WARMER
ON THE COAST
LEASHMEN DRAW
ON ENGLAND FOR
NEW PERFORMERS
WOULD ADOPT LITTLE GIRL:— George H.
Brewer and bis wife. Roberta, yesterday kskeel
leave of the Superior Court to adopt Lora Es
telle Williams, a little girl whom they took
from the Maria Kip Orphanage. The little one's
motber is dead and ber lather baa abandoned
hmr. ... '- - - ¦- ¦• • •-.-.*'• -.,
Thomas Morton, executor of the will
of E. B.* Koons, yesterday applied to
the Superior Court for a- citation- di
recting Joseph Moy, W. W. Chase, J.
L. Egan and W. L. , Egran to appear
and show cause why they have not
turned over to, him certain- properties
he claims ; .belong to the estate of
Koons. Morton 'says the respondents
have "embezzled, smuggled and _ con
veyed away the properties in * ques
tion." . '..¦¦' - ' ¦-.'
Executor Slakes Serious Charges.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that "Lucky" Baldwin must pay
Albert Roche, as assignee of Henry
Hlghton, the sum of $6727 10 In re
turn for legal services rendered by the
last named in the damage suit brought
against the capitalist by Lillian Ash
ley. Baldwin claimed that he and
Unruh. his secretary, had made a pri
vate agreement with the attorney in
regard to remuneration for Mrvlcea
rendered, ¦
"Lucky" Baldwin Must Settle.
Francis W. Kehoe filed a suit yes
terday against his brothers. Charles
and Robert- Kehoe, to set aside deeds
made by Margaret Kehoe, their moth
er, conveying to the defendants prop
erty, south of Market street and in the
Potrero. The plaintiff claims that
shortly before Mrs. Kehoe's death, at
a time when she was mentally In
competent, the defendants, by malign
ing him, prevailed upon her to trans
fer to them all her realty. .
Wants Deeds Set Aside.
•The principal creditor is William
Ellcry. on a promissory note for $5000.
payable July 1, 1901, with Interest at
8 per cent per annum. Hochheimer
ha* a claim of 3 £55 for goods delivered
and the claim has been assigned to
Brocl .
William Ellcry of San Francisco and
A. Hochheimer and M. Brock of Wil
lows petitioned the United States Dis
tVict Court yesterday to declare the
McCloud River Electrical Power Com
pany of Shasta County an involuntary
insolvent. They allege that the com
pany owes them more than 56000 and
that George H. Proctor, the president,
and H. B. Twombly, secretary, have
absconded from the northern district
of California and that the company
has no business manager, cashier or
other representative upon whom pro
cess can be served.
Allegation That President and Secre
tary Have Abscgndcd, leaving
'J\ - / Corporat ion Unrepresented.
Notwithstanding the peace compact,
that has .been observed to the letter by
the coast league, ' St. Louis is making
claim for. Jake Thielman of Portland
on the ground of a prior contract. Pres
ident Bert is' determined not to accede
to the' demand for Thielman, and St.
Louis ' is - barking j up j the wrong tree.
Under the same plea Harris could . re
tain Danny Shay, who has made a
great impression with fans of the
World's -Fair, city, but all such deals
were closed, when ..the coast gave up
Dillon. Castro and Damman. As a mat
ter of principle, Thielman should not be
given up: and Bert's contention is Just.
¦ | Massey.V came here with the reputa
tion of being a producer, of long hits,
and the fans know now that .the name
was earned in the harness.. During the
.week "Big Bill" has been leading the
outfielders a merry chase,* and his bat
ting has won the locals a couple of
games. IS&Sb -'•'¦;••'• >: '•'''.'.'¦''¦• ;
yet made up his "mind to sell. Mar
shall's reason for not reporting here
was alleged illness!
McCLOUD RIVER POWER .
'; .:'£/¦¦ OOM1WXY IS BANKRUPT
R. Saling, H. Saling, W. Chalfant
and E. Sorg have been arrested by
deputies of the Fish Commission in
Merced County for killing plover dur
ing the close season. J. E. Begarma
and J. W. Galpin have been arrested
in Butte County for using set nets.
Justice of the Peace Masterson of San
Pablo has fined A. Cluna, P. Kosich.
J. Claire and S.- Bassl $20 each (or
catching undersized striped bass. 'C.
Baldocchl and A. Craviotto, pro
prietors of a McAllister-street mar
ket, have been arrested by depu
ties of the Fish Commission \ for of
fering undersized bass for sale.
Fish Commission Is ActlVc.
On the ground at Webster street,
Alameda, the opening match of the
cricket season of 1904 will be played to
morrow between the'Alameda and San
Francisco .County . elevens. •, The. first
match is set down on the schedule for
the 1st inst., but that contest, which is
between the • Alameda and Pacific'
teams, was postponed till, the 22d.
The Alameda eleven will be selected
from the following players: G. Harold
Ward (captain), F. J. Croll, F. A.
Stahl, W. H. McNaughton, F. Bennion,
G.:I. Baugh, John U. Buchanan, S. M.
Foster, W. J.' Richter, W. G. Fortmann,
C. C. Y. Williamson, J. Brown, Edgar
Ward, R. B. Hamilton, C. Banner and
W. E. R. Rooker.
The San •Francisco County team 'will
be chosen from the following players:
H. B. Richardson (captain), T.. J. AS
Tiedemann, Henry Roberts, B. Kort
lang, E: G. Cloman, E. W. Peterson, P.'
R. John, C.'W. Irish; W. R. Stewart,
A. E. J. Chivers, H. Dixon, J. McCul
lough, R. Shand, J. Greer < and- A.
Weaver. A strong team can be made
up from the foregoing fifteen players/
Alameda Eleven to Try Their
Strength Against Winners
of Championship of 1903
CRICKET LOVERS
IN FIRST MATCH
. Knight;& Kentof Butte have import
ed Mischief, by Corhishman-Baadwln
Maid,' which was bred by T. Webster.
She will be tried in the Butte stakes.
, JV W.. Black of Sheepshead Bay, N.
Y. f imported the dbg Spring. John
Charlton &¦ Sons of Minneapolis; Jesse
D. K. Cartter of Cottonwood Fall3,
Kans., has purchased from J. M. Baum
of England the three-year-old grey
hound Patched Up, by Sir Geoffrey-
Causeway Girl. He was considered one
cf the fastest greyhounds in England
last season and was a keen contender
for the Waterloo cup.
sections of the country at present, and
there is a corresponding demand for
greyhounds with sufficient class to win
a fair average of stakes.
The leashmen of the East have awalc
ened to the fact that it pays to breed
thoroughbred, coursers/ and they are
gradually eliminating the short-bred or
"cold-blooded" ones. Many of the best
young English dogs are being import
ed. -They will be coursed for a time
and then retired to the stud.
may change the entire complexion of
the pennant race, which Is the closest
In the history of baseball on this coast.
The teams that started with a rush
through advantage of good weather at
the training grounds are grubbing to
stall off the remaining clubs, that have
reached their true form. San Francisco
is in fifth place, but is less than six
games in the rear of Tacoma, which
perches on the top of the. ladder.
Bunched in between are Oakland, Los
Angeles and Seattle, in the order
named, but none Is secure in its posi
tion, because even the despised Port
land Browns have awakened to the
fact that they can play the game.
Seven weeks of good baseball has
failed to show the ultimate Winner. A
• little good fortune, such as has 'not
been encountered to date, will put the
home team up where it belongs, and a
break for Tacoma will, thrust Fisher's
Tigers back into the rear, ranks.
Stanley Yerkes has given his hoodoo
the icy stare and is- winning his games
with regularity. Yerkes says Manager.
Harris . never . upbraided . him for his
lack . of success, ; and that ¦ he would
willingly pitch] his arm off for such an
employer. Talk is' not the long suit of
the. local magnate, but he knows a ball
player v/hen he sees one, -and he has
always intimated that Yerkes would be
all right wh^n' things began "to come
his way. " ',
: "Dopey", Gorton has outlived his
nickname and is as live a catcher as
. any in - the ! league. Clever ¦ as Tommy
Leahy, is known to be, he is not missed
.to. any. great extent when Gorton dons
the big mittl ,At present, Gorton is hit
ting much better, than ..Leahy, who
lands oh the ball hard but fails to. get
it safe. ; ¦ '
.Harris has not heard directly from
Secretary Farrell on the subject of. the
suspension placed against • Joe . Mar
shall and' John Gochnauer, who ; took
French leave, but the matter' has evi
dently, been attended, to. A. telegram
from Boise CitVt asking for j a j price on
Marshall's - release j shows j Farrell . has
notified the management, of that club
to cease playing "Home Run"- Joe.-The
I deal may be made,' but* Harris has not
Frisky Barbara, Palo Alto. Duhallow,
Wedgewood. l>ear Gaston, Richard Anton.
<"ubancla. Tobasco Bob, Sacramento Boy,
Tralee Boy. Kural Artist. Mickey Free.
Rector S*a T.Ion. Cloverdal«\ Honest John.
Homer" Boy. Roy Hujchie. The Referee. Real
Article, Renegade Apache. Master Rocket,
Rich Argosy. Free Born, Teran. Haphazard,
Plr Wlnton, Friendless Boy. Joe Pasha, Rocker
Arm. Amandan, Real Pasha.
The star course of the first round In
the stake at Ingleside Park to-morrow
is expected to result from the meeting
of Young Fearless and Prompto. Among
the other entries are. Quita and Black
Coon. The likely winners look to be:
VJklng. Pepper Hill, Yellowtall, Northern
Alarm, Sofala, Young Fearless. Wattles.
Prometheus, Mark Twain, Tralee Lass. Pasha
Pleasant. Liberator, Young Johnny Rex, Black
Coon Luxury, Apple Blossom. Helen Hayes,
Colored , Lady, Quita. Commercial Traveler.
Ragged Actor. Fiddler, Firm Fellow. Toronto.
Jerry Wright, Fenll. Concord Boy. Glancing
Pasha. Vina, .Maid o' the Glen, Orsina. Craw
ford Belle.
The coursing at Union Park to-mor
row will commence upon the arrival of
the 10:15 o'clock train. The stake has
an unusually classy look. Pocatelli and
Fair Tralee will meet in the semi-final
round of the Grand National Cham
pion stakes. While Pocatelli will be the
natural favorite, the Cronin represe
sentative has many friends. The likely
winners in the big stake look to be:
Coursing has been commenced by the
Chicago Coursing Club at Mount Green
wood, outside that city. The park em
braces forty acres and Is equipped to
promote coursing In up-to-date , style.
The club officials Intend to bid for the
Waterloo and for other big American
stakes.
James O'Leary, the bookmaker, was
represented in the first stake by Trou
blesome, a son of St. Clair and by Yan
kee Dime. Amonsr the other owners
represented were J. M. Crennan, John
Russell, Thomas McCarthy, C. E. Root,
J. D. Cunningham, Allen & Wilson, P.
Loftus and J. J. Galvin.
Ed Neaves, who was here with Rus
sell, Allen & Wilson's dogs some years
since, was the judge. William Dunne
handled the slips.
Myers of Marysville, Kans.; H. C. Lowe
of Lawrence, Kans., and J. J. Lavin of
St. Louis have all added English dogs
to their kennels recently. . .
CALIFORNIA'S CLEVEREST TWO BrLLIARDISTS. WHO RANK WITH THE MOST EXPERT WIKLDERS OF THE CUE IN
AM' LAND— THEY ARE PLAYING FOUR CLASS B MEN AT THE PRESENT TIME IN A . FOURTEEN - INCH BALK .
LINE TOURNAMENT. " r :
Beauty Is the least recommenda-.
tion. Redwood is practically inde-.
structlble. Of. all lumber it 13
best adaptad for the outside finish -of
buildings. It is largely used for that
purpose in the various forms known aa
siding, rustic shingles, etc., for the
reason that when seasoned it is not
affected by any change of condition
liable to be brought about by weathec
influences.
When dry it will neither shrink,
swell nor lose its evenness of texture.
Buildings where it is used are not
easily susceptible to danger from fire.
It contains no pitch nor resin and
when ignited is at once extinguished
by the use of water and it does not re
ignite. This makes it safer for out
side construction of buildings, or for
other purposes where wood or similar
inflammable material must be used.
All this should appeal strongly to
owners of buildings.
For the first time millions who ar«fc
visitors to St. Louis will have an op-«
porfunity of seeing California redwood
displayed in all its beauty. The lasc
shipments were made a few days agro.
Some of the specimens are worth $10 G|
a thousand feet.
Entire Exhibit Is Now In St. Louis,
Where It Attracts Attention of
3Iultitudes Daily.
CALIFORNIA'S REDWOOD
IS FINELY REPRESENTED
The charm of billiards is not a fleet
ing one, as evidenced by the lasting
hold it has on its devotees. The ma
jority of the players attain their best
form after they have passed the. 40
year mark. The veteran among, the
players of this coast is William Ter
rill, known to his intimates as "Uncle
Billy." He blushingly acknowledges
his 71 years and has wielded a cue for
pastime for sixty years. He played in
his first tournament in 1860. ]
The fourteen-inch balk line tourna
ment now in progress at Morley's has
brought out some clever playing. . In
this tournament Messrs. Wright and
Sigourney are opposed to Dr. Burns,
James F. Morley, Frank du Bois and
Frank Coffin. The two class A men
play 300 to their opponents' 150.'
Mr. Sigourney was a competitor in
the national championship meeting at
New York two years ago. He tied for
first place and was then beaten In the
play-off. He played under marked
disadvantages during the trip, as he
was ill. He lost eighteen pounds in
weight, but was still able to play in
championship form.
, James F. Morley, who is interested
in the game both as a promoter and
a player, is endeavoring to - bring
Ferdinand Poggenberg-, the American
champion, to this city for a series of
games. Failing in getting him to come
West he will try to secure Wilson J?.
Foss, the Mayor of Haverstraw, N. Y.,
an ex-champion and one of the world's
greatest players. He is also endeavor
ing to match Spinks, the Californian
professional, with Fred Ames of Den
ver. . ¦- ' • ¦
Three players, Wilson Sigourney,
"Chick" Wright and Al Mitchell, are
in class A and rank with any amateurs
in the world. Mr. Mitchell is never
seen in tournament play. To qualify
for this class a player must have made
a grand average of six in a tourna
ment. * Div O- B. Burns, the Olympic
Club champion, was just outside this
average in a tournament game during
the week and may attain the highest
honors in billiards at any time.
One may go through the entire cal
endar of sports and pastimes only to
find that Californians stand at the top
of the list whenever they enter the
competition. Billiards is no exception
to the rule, an unusual number of
Californians showing great skill in this
gentlemanly recreation for mind and
body.
"Chick" Wright and
Sigourney Are
Champions. .
This month will be a record breaker
in the number of tennis tournaments
to be played on the courts of this city.
Four events are scheduled, three of
which will be played on the California
and one on the park courts. The fact
that the park. tourney is divided into
classes and a Sunday is given to the
first and second and one to the third
and fourth classes wijl crowd the pub
lic courts for several weeks to come.
On the California Club courts the
more important events will be held.
Two are annual championships. The
first will be the Academic Athletic
League singles' and doubles. One will
be played on the 14th and the other
on the 21st Inst.
Ten schools will be represented and
the competition will be the most in
teresting ever held by the "prep"
schools. In the singles three players,
two from San Francisco schools and
one from a Berkeley school, are by
far the best and. one of them is sure
to win the championship. They are
Herbert Schmidt of Boone's. Herbert
Long of Lowell and Marius Hotchkiss
of Lick. The last named player won
the singles championship last year,
but can hardly hope to beat either
Lonsr or Schmidt. Cong is playing
the best game at present and | unless
he suffers his usual attack of "rat
tles" should win. Schmidt at his best
can probably beat Long, but he is so
seldom in the best of form that his
chances of winning are not better than
fair. '. . . '
In the doubles the Long brothers of
Lowell and Schmidt and Cunha of
Boone's probably stand the best
chance to win. The schools will be
represented as follows:
Woodland, Clarence I* Potter and Harold
Everhardt; Lowell, Herbert Long and Mel
ville Long: Alameda, Raymond Gott and Har
old Medcraft; Berkeley. Raymond Clinch and
Powell; Boone's, Clarence Cunha and Herbert
Schmidt; Lick. Mariua Hotchkiss and Naylor;
Hitchcock's, TaJlant and Barrett; Oakland
High, Lloyd Roberta and Curtlss Hayden; Pan
Jose High, S. McGraw and V. A. Partor; "Wil
merdlng, Harold Gabriel and Ed La garde.
The other championship tourna
ment is the first big event of the year.
It is the San Francisco championship
and is held annually on May 30 at
the California Club courts. Drum
mond MacGavin is the present cham
pion, and, outside of Percy Murdock.
who is in poor form, .is the only cham
pion player in the vicinity of San
Francisco.
There will be .a handicap, doubles
tournament for the directors' cup on
the California Club courts to-morrow.
The Wright & Ditson Official Guide
for 1904 is at hand and considerable
space is devoted to Pacific Coast ten
nis. Some player has had the temerity
to rank the ten leading players on the
coast. This is almost an impossibility
and a task that such experts as the
Hardys and Whitneys never could be
induced to undertake. The players
are too widely scattered and too few
tournaments are held to permit of a
ranking. The first five players are
fairly well ranked, but some of those
in the second five surely do not belong
there. Such men as Whitney, Collier,
Overton, Britton, Sinsabaugh, Wiehe.
Variel. Hart, Mitchell and other
prominent players are not given a
ranking. The players are ranked as
follows: 1— A. E. Bell; 2 — L. R. Free
man; 3 — Grant Smith; 4— Dmmmond
MacGavin; 5 — Percy Murdock; 6 —
Will Allen; 7 — Archie Way; 8 — George
Baker; 9 — Charles Dunlap; 10 — Clar
ence Griffin.
The question of the propriety of lady
golfers having their clubs carried at
championship or prize meetings by
professional or expert male friends has
often been discussed, both in the United
States and in Great Britain. In the
case of first-rate players the identity of
the caddie does not matter. Indeed, a
crack player would probably be dis
concerted and put oft his game by ad
vice, however sound and well meant.
In the case, however, of players of less
skill and knowledge, the friendly coun
sel of a crack player who knows the
game cannot fail to be valuable. A com
petitor helped in this way in an im
portant contest would certainly havo
an advantage over others who had to
depend on the ordinary caddie. Though
it seems inadvisable ,to interfere with
the freedom of selection of golfers, it
appears better that in competitions
where prizes or honors are at stake,
lidies should not be permitted to avail
themselves of the services of male rela
tives who are expert players, but should
be obliged to select from the caddiea
employed on the links where the tour
nament iS~playecL
Dr. Bruce Goff, who Is well known to
many of the members of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club, having played over the
Presidio course several times. Is back
in London, England, Having arrived
there from South America about April
20. He found some good golf courses
in and. around Buenos Ayres. He holds
the golf championship of Sussex, Eng
land, but was greatly handicapped In
this year's competition, which took
place in the last week of April, by the
lack of his favorite clubs, which he
left at the Presidio clubhouse. He in
tends to write an article descriptive of
Californian golf courses for the Illus
trated Sporting and Dramatic News.
The article -will be illustrated with
photographs by Clute. Taber, Arthur
Inkersley and others, which were pre
sented to Dr. Goff by J. W. Byrne of
the San Francisco Golf Club.
Promptly at 9 o'clock this morning
play will begin on the links of the San
Rafael Golf Club In the annual tour
nament for the men's amateur cham
pionship of the Northern California
Golf Association, The contest -will ba
over 36 holes, medal play. The com
petitor who returns the lowest score
will earn the title of champion of the
Northern California Golf Association
for 1904 and the gold medal of the as
sociation, while the runner-up will re
ceive the silver medal of the associa
tion. *
The holder of the championship la
A. G. Harvey of the San Rafael Golf
Club, who won It from nineteen com
petitors on the Happy Valley links last
year. W. P. Johnson of the Oakland
Golf Club was the runner-up. The San
Rafael course is in excellent condition,
being covered with good turf which la
still perfectly green and springy. It
was Intended to hold this year's con
test on the Presidio course, but the
frequent drills of cavalry have cut up
the links so badly that it would be
Impracticable to hold a championship
tournament.
The South Bay Yacht Club's first
cruise of the season will take place to
morrow, beginning at 9:13 a. m. Dum
barton Point is the rendezvous.
A yacht built for Peter Ahern at
George Farmer's yard at East Oakland
was launched last week. She Is 37 feet
2 inches long over all, with a beam of
12 feet 4 inches and a depth of hull
amidships of 4 feet 10 inches. She has
jj centerboard and is rigged as a yawL
Fhe is lying in Sessions Basin and is
expected to prove an able cruiser.
. The fleet of the Corinthian Yacht Club
will cruise up Petaluma Creek Miis
aTternoon and evening, dropping anchor
near the drawbridge. To-morrow the
fleet will return to its moorings in
Tiburon Cove.
•The schooners Aggie and Chispa, the
yawl Tramontana and the sloop Chal
lenge are at scratch, the other boats
receiving the following allowances:
fkrop Nellie, 10 minutes; schooners
White Wings and Virginia, and sloops
Annie and Sappho, 15 minutes; schooner
M'artha and sloop Minnetonka, 30 min
utes; sloop Ariel, 33 minutes; sloop
Thetis, 45 minutes; yawl Wave and
sloop Halcyon. 1 hour; sloop Curlew,
1 ht/ur 5 minutes-; yawls Royal and
Hippie and sloops Surprise and Juanita,
1 hour 20 minutes; yawl Witch and
s'.oop Mistral, 1 hour 40 minutes; sloop
Alice, 2 hours; sloop Zada, 3 hours;
Eloop Violet and Marianne, 3 hours SO
.minutes. The regatta committee in
charge of the event consists of ex-Com
modore R- S. Bridgman, Roy C. Ward
and Charles M. Gunn.
At S o'clock to-morrow morning the
l^eet lying at moorings off the clubhouse
¦will make colors and at 9:30 captains
•wjll report on board the flagship Idler
for further orders. Promptly at 10
o'clock, on sipnal from the flagship, the
fieet will cast off from the moorings
and cruise in squadron down Oakland
¦Creek. At the entrance of the estuary
the yachts will box around until all the
Beet is out of the creek, when the
<«jurse will be indicated by signal from
the flagship. As the tide is running
.out all morning, the fleet wi'^cruise
rflong the vator front toward Fort Point
and will return on the flood tide. It
is low water at 12:1T p. m. at Fort
.Pcfint. The afternoon tide will make
, It ca^y for the fleet to get back to its
•Tr.or'rinps in good season.
. The fleet of the San Francisco Yacht
C!ub will cruise to Vallejo this after
noon, owners being requested to leave
•Sausalito at 3 p. m. To-morrow there
t-iU be a handicap race from Vallejo
to'Sausalilo, the start being at 10:15
a. m., on gun signal from the flagship
'across an imaginary line drawn from
thts float of the Vallejo Yacht Club to
.the nearest point on the shore of Mare
.Island. Owners must announce the
..name of their yacht to the timekeeper
t'n the float as they cross the line. The
starting time of each boat will be taken
on shore. The finish will be^ across an
imaginary line drawn from 'the club
house wharf at Sausalito to a stake
• boat anchored about COO yards to the
. easrU the stakeboat to be left on the
starbuard hand. Arbitrary handicaps
based on their performances have been
allotted the boats and a copy of the
""handicaps will be cm board the flag
¦ >hip v.t Vallejo. In determining the re
'.fetfUs of the race the handicaps will be
deducted from the actual sailing times.
•Vups will be awarded to the boats tak
ing* first, second, third and fourth
"places.
The third of the yacht clubs near San
Francisco will formally open the season
of I3C4 to-day. General order No. 1,
issued by Commodore George M. Shaw
of the California Yacht Club, directs
the owners of boats on the roll to hoist
the ciub pennant and salute at 8 o'clock
ihis mc-rning. The yachts are then to
dress ship and remain dressed until
signal from the flagship at 6unset. The
• yachtcm ners have been busily engaged
lor several weeks past in overhauling
tBeir craft and putting tnem into trim
f'jr the season. Nearly the whole fleet
is in commission on Oakland estuary
and will follow Commodore George M.
Shaw's yawl Idler in the opening cruise
to-morrow.
This evening an entertainment, strict-
Ty for members, will tie held in the
jcjubhouse. The entertainment commit
tee has arranged a good programme of
isiusie specialties and speeches. Supper
will' be served during the evening in
the upper room of the clubhouse oppo
site the foot of Webster street, Oak
land. The- committee has secured the
services of the Elks' quartet and
there will be an exhibition of moving
pictures. Members are requested to be
'in' the clubhouse promptly at S:SO p. m..
as the programme does not admit of
de^ay-
San Francisco Yachts Sail
to Vallejo To-Xiglit and
llace to ?Sausalito Sunday
High School Boys Will Com
pete for Honors in Both
the Singles and Doubles
Dr. Bruce Goff Back in Lon
don, After Visiting Many
Courses in South America
Amateurs of California Club
• Will Enjoy Gay Times at
House on Oakland Estuary
Four Tournaments Sched
uled Embracing Various
Qualities of Players
Tournament of the Northern
California Golf Associa
tion to -Be Played To-Day
CREEK SAILORS
ARE EAGER FOR
OPENING JINKS
TENNIS EXPERTS
PREPARE FOR A
MONTH OF GAMES
GOLFERS READY
FOR THE ANNUAL
CHAMPIONSHIPS
CALIFORNIAN BILLIARDISTS RANK WITH WORLD'S CLEVEREST PLAYERS
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO ¦; CALL, .SATURDAY, MAY; 7, 190*.
A wild throw or a long hit to-day
Coursing is being. promoted In many
Services of the Portlander
Are Claimed by St. Louis
on a ' Prior Contract
Sport Is Started There With
Strong Backing and the
Promoters Are Sanguine
10SAN FRANCISCO, CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
SENTENCED FOR BURGLARY.— Ernest Gib-
Mjn, alia* Williams, ' who pleaded puiliy to-a
charge of burglary In Judge Dunne's court,
appeared for sentence .yesterday. ..' The Ju«lg«f
sentenced him to ser\ f e three years ; In/. San
Quentln. He broke Into the room of Flllp Lov
rlc 411 Pacific street, pn February 18. *
CINCINNATI, May 6.— The Nation
al Baseball Commission has decided
that Frank E. Dillon belongs Mr tmT
Brooklyn National League club on
claims prior to those of Los Angeles.
Dillon Case Is Deeided.
The executive committee of the
Gaelic Athletic Association met last
i^Cht and made final arrangement* for
the Gaelic field day to be held at the
UresMio athletic grounds to-morrow
;;*ternoon. A feature of the occasion
ivill be the hurling match between the
5':£eDendenti? and «he Emmet?. There
many other sports on the pro
srrimm». including a football match.
•T h * s»m»s will commence at 1:30
o'clock.
Gaelic rirld Ihiy.
CAMBRIDGE SPRINGS. Pa., May
6.— As the result of to-day's play Mar
shall, the American player, is tied for
first place with Janowski, each having
"seven points. To-day's play: .Marco
and Janqwski drew; "Napier and Sho
walter drew; Fox lost to Hodges; Mar
shall beat Teichmann; Piilsbury "and
Schlechter adjourned their game after
eeyenty. moves; Barry .and Lawrence
drew; Mieses lost to Lasker, and Tschi
gorin beat Delmar.
Cliessmasters Are a Tie.
OMAHA, May 6. — A new world's
record for a five-m^iK team, three
games, was made on' the Omaha Bowl
ing Association alleys to-night in a
contest- The ; winning team scored
3232 pins on a regulation alley.
World's Ifcnvllng Record Broken.
SAXTA CRUZ, May «. — The funeral
of William Klelbrr, the ball player,
was held this morning from the
Church of the HoJy Cross. The '_
esters of America attended in a body.
The pall bearers were Robert Wil
liams. Ralph Bradley, Richard Case,
Joseph Nolan. Edward Handler and
Harry Snibley. &¦£
"Chick" Wright defeated Frank. du
Bois In the fifth game of the billiard
tournament at Morley's last night by
a score of 300 to 77. Wright had a
walkover and played a. great game.
HIh average was 15^ and his high run
101. Du Bois averaged '3% and made
a high run of 21.
Wright Defeats Du Bois.
•;cjmitnts of the Pacific Mutual In
fe^ranoe Company will take place at
XXf^'Preri&lo athletic srrounds this af
terrioon at 2:30 o'clock. The teams
"» ijl-line u;> as follows:
.. A.-cidcnt. Positions. Life.
f.'.H«ore Pitcher C. P. Kennedy
*'<--T*r!n^n Catcher A. Braunagrel
F.'H. Eleter Tirst base G. P. Lowell
" • G. H. Ir»-lni? «capt.»
*V. Dunean S.cond b»se..E. L Hankett
W. V. Kearni,
B PecnVld «c«pt.)..Fhortrtop.... A. E Haynen
F. L. Clark
I-.Durkw- Tblrd bare-.F E. Carlisle
E H. McCanilUn
:'*. Kioan-R. Whltr. Right field C. H. Eaton
[ - .Ptfnbotaie Jr..
.n..McF*4deit Crntcr field. T E. Johnston
5* .--P.. Gleason
<-:.rt!»-£ L. Otto Left Odd.. R.. B. Elstrr
.Tl?e annual baseball game between
Tht- clerks of the accident and life de-
liisordrxce Men on tl»«r Diamond.
The Ladles' Make, four furlongs, purse .$500.
to be run May 17— Howard Vance. Mabel
Slmms, Hcrpcla. Pearl Waters. Slofrregor,
Mcada. Sea Air, Light of Day, Hooligan.
George P. McNear, Kteel Wire. Herthus. Bon
Ami, ' Cardinal Sarto, Bob .Kairon. Grenore,
Gild. Iron Klnr, David Roland, Lady Mlnora.
Anita Knight, Cloud Ltslit. *
The Petaluma stake, one mile, purse ?300, to
be run May 25 — Byronerdale, Harry Beck, Col
onel Anderson. Lady Atheling, Step Around,
Dr. Shorb, Colonel Van, Oro Viva, - Mocorito;
Red Crops Nurse. Lady Kent, Harka, Nullah,
Mimo, Pl<rce J. Hulford, The Lieutenant/ Illo
waho, Chickadee, Lacobn. David 8,; Flourish,
Golden Light. Heather Honey. Northwest ' The
Fretter. Fort-st King, The Pride, Mr. Dingle,
Pospart, Lansdown, Hinsdale, Whisky King,
Virginia Boy, The Stewardess Halnault, Ma
rclo. Illllouon, ficherro, J. V. Kirby, Crlss-
CroE«, . Florcstan. . , , •
The meeting to be conducted by the
Kenilworth Park Association will open
at Petaluma on Saturday, the 14th
insL The pick of the horses now rac
ing at Oakland will be seen there.
The three stakes to be decided closed
with the following large list of en
tries:
' The American Hotel stake, purse $500. six
furlongs, to be run Hay 20 — The Pride, Flor
?stan. Lady Usk. Mimo. CrUs-Cross. Misty's
Pride. Money Muss, Rowena, St. Philippine
I Know, Nullah. Gibraltar, Kvea D, Itiesca)
Sehcrto. Titus. Juan Belaroo, Rustle GIr!, Al
bemarle, Hatnault, Bummer, Suburban Queen,
Lftnsdown. Hoceo, Northwest, Golden Light,
Step Around. Potencla, Nanon,* Andrew B.
Cook, Ocyrobe. The Lieutenant, Hulford,
Pierce J, Illowaho. Mocorlto, Lady. Kent Red
Cro*s Nur«E, Colonel Van, Oro Viva Estado.
Harry Beck.
Pick of the Horses Xow Racinsr at
Oakland Will Go to Petaluma
Jleetin^. )
LARGE STAKE ENTRIES
AT KJEXILWORTH PARK
Twenty-six entries were received
yesterday by Secretary G. E. Starr for
the championship, tournament of the
Northern California Golf Association,
which takes place to-day on the links
of the San Rafael Golf Club. The en
tries from the San Francisco Golf
Club are R. I. Bentley, L. F. Alont
eagle, J. W. Byrne, Perry Eyre, A. S.
Lllley, H. C. Golcher, R. D. Glrvin
and F. H. Beaver.
Oakland Golf Club — J. H. Ames, J.
O. Cadman, F. S. Stratton. W. P.
Johnson, M. W. Kales and Dr. W. M.
Carpenter.
San Rafael Golf Club — W. J. Casey,
Carleton Curtis. R. J. Davis, A. Guth
rie Harvey, E. J. Hooper, G. M. Plnck
ard, R. G. Brown and D. H. Hardy.
Linda Vista Golf Club of San Jose —
Edward Carev, Dr. A. Don Hines, H.
Spens-Black-and F, A. Snyder.
Tournament "bf Northern California
Golf A.ssocia^ion Takes Place To-
Day at San Rafael.
' First race — Nanon, Educate, Yel
lowstone, i
Second race— Cwcar ToDe, Gold
Finder, Tlloa.
Third race— MlsSy's Pride, Ocyrohe,
Mimo.
Fourth race — Summers' stable, Illo
\*-aho. Forest Kins.
Fifth race — Seiirciier, Expedient,
Rio Shannon.
Sixth race— Retlwald, Northwest,
Isnbcllitn.
PROBABLE WIN/NERS.
•Apprentice allowance.
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and up; selling:
6«S7 •Polonius (Stewart & Co.) 97
(67i:t)Redwalc! (Magran e) 10«
6732 Past Master (Boughsman) 1CI
(W584 Anirad (Coffey) W
67»^ Golden Light (Oulhrle) K*
6732 'Iaabelflta (McNamara).... 9«
673S J. V. Kirby 'Strot*!) 1C3
6723 Petrolla (McCarty) 9t>
6710 DavH S (Stanfleld) 1CU
(«703)San Lution (Robt4ns) lot
(67T?2)Northwe«t (Clifford).. »?
ff!28 Invictcs (Gabriel) 10«
Fifth race — Two mi'.es; four-year-olds anrl
up; selling:
6732 Searcher (Romtgh) 1'3
671!> Expedient (Smith) 102
K723 »Colonel Van (Fountain) 101
€«9S R'.o Shannon (Coffey) 10;)
6732 Mr. Dingle (Tlerney) 10T.
6734 Possart <Casa) 1L9
6719 Harry Beck (Lynch & Co.) 0*
6(»5 Pr<»stoius <Devin) 102
8714 Grafter (Blarfngame) l(tt
C714 Colonel Anderson (McLaughlln) 87
6720 Caronal (ChappeU) 11-»
C738 Jack Little (Fine) XI
6702 Heather Honey (Iieach) 0;:
«720 Joe Lesser (Beams) 1C"»
(673."i)Illowaho (Stover). S>*
0711 Veterano (Vivell) 11«
672fi Gateway (Lottridjte) 9.
(«738)Illowaho (Stover) ". 03
(C72S)Forest King (JoneO 10«
672S G. W. Trahern (Summers) 101
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. May 0.— For the fourth time
thi« week the St. Louis team started with »
lead and for this many times the locals over
took P.nd defeated them. Attendance. 2800.
Score : ,
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 7 0 0
St. Louts .....4 6 - 1
Batteries — Ewlng and Schley; Bechols and
Byern. -¦ Umpire — O'Dajv -
PITTSBUBG; May «. — The game throughout
en both sides was poor, with Plttsburg - out
doing Philadelphia in poorness. Attendance,
3500. Score: /
, R. H. E.
Plttsburg • 7 10 i
Philadelphia '¦ ........15 15 4
Batteries — Miller. CamnlU - Smith an-J
Phllllpa; Fraser. Dooin and Roth. Umpire —
Kmslle. '.^M?WOTHBWyiM lf WMHBSK%393?
Score a Total of Thirty-One Huns
Against Washington and Pitts
burg Respectively.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(NATIONAL.) I (AMERICAN.)
, W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
New York. ..11 4 .'XS'Bogton .....14 3 .821
Cincinnati.. ..11 7 .Cll-Phlladelphla.10 « .025
Chicago .... 8 0 .571 St. Louis 9 7 .562
Drooklyn ... 8 7 iSAJNew York... 8 7 . 5:1-1
Boston 8 8 . Jit "0 Chicago 10 0 .620
tit Louis 7 0 . 4-'J7 Cleveland ... 7 8 . 107
'Pittsburg ... 5 11 .312 Detroit ..... 7 9 .437
Philadelphia. 3 13 ..1*7 Washington. . 1 15 .002
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND, May 0. — Donohue's' pitching
was too much for Detroit to-day. Attendance,
4700. Score: •
It. H. E.
Cleveland 3 7 1
Detroit 1 7 1
Batteries — Donohue and Bemls; Etovall and
BOSTON, May 6. — Tannehills superior sup
port was chiefly responsible lor Boston's vic
tory. Attendance. 47M>. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 5 8 1
New Yor;-. !* 2 S 2
Batteries — Tannehill and Farrell; Hughes
and McGuire. < ¦ '
CHICAGO, '.May (>. — Chicago scored three
runs In the first innins. after which Slevcrs
held them down to two hits. . The visitors tied
the ncore in the eighth and won out In the
tenth. Attendance, 30CO. Score :
. > R. H. E."
Chicago 3 3 3
St. Louis .... 5 a A
BatteriPS — Donahue, Flaherty and Sullivan;
Sievem ftr.d Sueden.
PHILADELPHIA, May C— In the second In
ning- Patten was knocked off the rubber and
Mason, who replaced him, was batted all over
the field. Attendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia .16 22 4
Washington 0 10 '1
Batteries— Henry and Schreck; Patton, Ma
son and Drl'l.
TWENTY-SIX GOLFERS ENTER
• FOR ANNUAL CHAMPIONSHIP
Ocean Dream, Wins at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. May a— summary:
First race five furlongs — Stumptown woji.
Jcsette second. Vlrdettj third. Time. t:U5V».
Second race, four furlongs, purse — Useful
Lady won. Bologna second. Mary Prlra thirl.
Thi'rA race, one mile, selling — Mainspring
won. Fbncasta second. Liberto third. Tim*.
' Fourth race, flve furlongs, selling — Ocni
r>cam won. Th* OoM Finder second. Elfla
Kin? third. Time. 1:<O.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Henry of
Franstamar wen, Ben Heywood second. Black
thorn third. Time. 1:13. ,- %: ,~iv a
Sixth race, one and *n eighth miles, se^lln?
Miss Betty won. Jlngler second, Barney
Dreyfuss third. Time. 2:02.
PHILADELPHIA BALL TEAMS
PROVE IN RARE FORM
Harry Stover annexed another purse
with Illowaho, "which, captured the
mile arid a sixteenth '' selling number
at odds of 6 and > 7 to ; 1. Golden Light,
the mount of Joe^ Jones, was Installed
favorite;, and, though "showing speed,
failed to get a mark. ' Fitzpatrick on
Merwan, a SO to 1 shot, made the run
ning for nearly a mile, with J. V.
Kirby fit his heels. .Then Crosswaite
came through with Illowaho, disposing
of Kirby by a couple of lengths.
In the concluding, mile and seventy
yard event" Ada N, with j Crosswaite up
instead of McBride^ who rode the; mare
on Wednesday, displayed marvelous
A world of money was bet on "Wilna,
from the stuble of Bianchi & McGovern,
to. win the opening five-furlong sprint,
for which a field of thirteen faced the
barrier. The mare broke first and dis
played plenty of speed, but lacked stay
ing qualities. At the paddock it seemed
the second choice, Lizzie Rice, would
win", whtn suddenly she began backing
up. Crosswalte, on Harry Stover's
Penzance, a 30 to :1 shot, slipped
through on the rail and, in a driving
finish, beat Partifag Jennie a head.
Edra, another outsider, ran third.
Jerry Roach had the leg up on Head
Dance, favorite for the two-year-old
scramble, and scored a win. The
Torso colt outstepped his company
from the start and at the wire won
cleverly from Velna and Marie J.
5 Torn . Rytn had Flyer in the six and
a half furlong selling event, and as
the gelding won, backed from threes to
11 to 5, the Chicago turfman must have
cleanefTup. My Surprise, the 6 to 5
choice, cui.out the running to the
stretch, where he began slacking up.
Jones then went to the front with
Flyer; leading outvthe favorite four
open lengths. Carilee, a 20 to. 1 shot,
ran into the show. •
ILLOWAHO A WINNER.
• Miety's Pride, the Oregon whirlwind,
ridden by Joe Jones, possessed too
much speed for her field in the Futurity
course handicap yesterday at Oakland
track. Royal Rogue, the entry of James
Kealon, was the one selected to do the
trick and, at 8 to 5, received strong
support. Misty s Pride was not slow
in getting to the front and, while the
favorite closed some ground in the run
home, the Oregon mare defeated him
with apparent ease, covering the dis
tance in 1:09%. John A. Scott ran dis
appointingly, finishing third, in front
of Olympian.
Although Head Dance was the only
successful favorite, three heavily
backed second choices led their fields
out. Penzance, at 30 to 1, proved the
only rank outsider to earn brackets.
The attendance was again large.
WILNA FAILS TO STAY.
First race — Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up: selling:
C016 Tom Klngsley < Winter & Johnson)... 101
0733 Yellowstone (Fine) 110
U737 Meehanus (Rector) 107
6735 'Estraza (Chlopek) 92
B737 Rollick (Jones) 107
C734'»Consrer (Kirke & Co.) 94
•:."*:« tProfltable (Winters) «3
5000 tEvander (Cooper) .....107
t>7(» Nanon (Polk) 109
67.17 »Benlash (Jeuness) 94
6(U11 Dr. Sherman (White) 101
U7C9 E.Iucate (Hegarty) 102
tLos Anxeles Index.
tLos Angeles Index 6541.
Second, race — One and a sixteenth miles;
three- year-old* and up; selling:
0731 Keogh (Hlldreth) 02
(J737 The Toller (Jones) 09
C733 Constable (Stockton stable) 09
C734 Gold Finder (Lynch) 09
C719 Dr. /Shorb (Oy:l stable) ; 09
6723 Oscar Tolle (Klunder) 104
(1737 *Carilee (Appleby & Co.) ............ 02
6731 Resigned (Coffey) ; 90
6618 "Augle (Chappell) 91
11708 Tanhauser (Hayes) 92
6720 Toto Gratlot (Thompson) .102
.6308 •plloa (Tlerney) ".. g9
Third race — Futurity course; three-year-olds
and un; sellinx:
«7:« J T S (Herzojc) .i©j
(6723)*Fair Lady Anna (Figaro stable) 97
?>71« Andrew B. Cook (Stanfleld) . lot
6731 Dollle H (Hart) V ''.] 94
BST! : H •Maxtress '. (Johnson) . ; . . .85
6tiS0 Georgie Black (Spratt) 105
(B73a)»Mi»ty'« Pride (Jcnes) io«
(rt"2U)Clausus (Ryan) ..-........:........ 107
t!7».{ 'aiiBio (Sheridan) .:........1C2
6715 Hoceo (Photo stable) '. .;. PO
(J715 »Ocyrohe (Coffey) ...... v 03
Fourth race — One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and up: nandicao:
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
The racing season closes at Oakland
track this afternoon. A card of un
usual attractiveness, composed almost
entirely of distance events, sho-uld
draw a bis crowd. A splendid field will
start in the handicap.
Ada N,^ winner of the last race, was
bid up - from $600 to $1000 by C. "W.
Gould, the former trainer of the mare.
Harry Robinson responded with the
customary $5. On Wednesday Ada N
was claimed from a race by J. Guthrie,
the owner of Glenrice, and came out
yesterday in the colors of D. F. Blake
man.
Little CrosBwaite carried off first
saddle honors by piloting three winners,
all at remunerative odds. Joe Jones
was not far behind, for he landed two
winners." ,
Presiding Judge E. C. Hopper and
Handicapper W. R. Letcher leave to
morrow evening for Latonia. Each of
ficial departs with the best wishes of
turfmen in general, for they possess the
confidence and esteem of the California
race going public. -: :
improvement. At one stage -of the bet
ting 10 to 5, her price was forced down
to 2\i to 1, and she won with something
to spare from Solon after making near
ly all the pace. The latter horse, play
ed from threes to 6 to 5, finally closed
at 2 to 1. Rey Dare, which at first
enjoyed the call, receded to 3%, and ran
a good third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK. .
SEATTLE, May 6.— Seattle batted
Bobby Keefe out of the box in lepa
than one inning, making eight runs.
St. Vrain did better until the eighth
Inning, when he was touched up for
five hits, netting six runs. Score:
Tacoma — 1 Seattle —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Ca*ey. 2b.2 0 1 5 3jVnHlt. cf.C 2 4 3 0
Fhehn. 3b.O O 0 o OiMohlr, 2b.« 2 14 5
Hcjn, 3b.3 0 12 :5'Bmith, rf.5 2 3 0 0
Xdyk, lb.3 10 0 OjFrlsk. lf..5 2 3 2 1
Egan, ».:.4 0 10 "4D«lty. 3b.4 2 3 10
Lynch, cf.3 111 0 Brsftr, lb.5 1 2 11 0
McLln. If. 3 0 0 1 O'Hall. S....4 114 5
Hnivn, rf.4 0 110 Wilson, c 5 2 1*2 1
Grahm. c.4 0 15 2 Wiilms. pA 2 0 0 2
Keefe. P..0 000 1:
St.Vm, p.4 0 1 0 3 Totals. 41 16 18 27 14
Totals. 30 2 7 24 10
RUNS AND HITS By- INNINGS.
Seattle 8 0 01 0 0 1 0 x— 10
Base hit* 701102215 x— 18
Tacoma 0001000 0 1 2
Base hits 1 02 1 0001 2— 7
SUMMARY. •
Errorr — Van Haltren. FViHk, Delahanty.
Casey. Sheens n. Hogan, Egan 2. Hannlvan 0,
St. Vraln. Earned runs— Seattle 4^ ;t off
Keefe and 1 off. St. Vrain. Two-base hit*—
Van Haltren, Smith. Stolen base— Williams.
Sacrifice hits — Frisk, Delahanty.. Brasheur,
Hall, Sheehan. Double playe — Mohler to Hail
to Bnwhear: Hall to Mohler to Brashear: Friak
to Hall to Brashear. Bases on balls — Off Wil
lipms 5. on" Keefe 1, off St. Vrain 1. Hit by
ball — By St. Vrain 1. Struck out — By Wil
liams 1, by Ht. Vraln 4. Passed ball — Graham
V.ild £ltch— St. Vraln. Time of game — 2 hours.
Umpire — O'Connell.
¦:. PORTLAND. Ore., May 6.— Dr. Mos
fcim'iin cinched the victory for his
pitching to-day by lining out a three
•bagper in the sixth inning, cleaning
' the bases. Three singles in succession
had* b<-fn made in this inning off
_'lb<?rg't delivery, blasting the hopes of
the Portland fans, who, before that,
•paw- chances of a victors'- Francis
.threw the ball to the bleachers in the
•next inning, allowing Francks to score.
Two singles and aa infield error gave
Oakland the sixth run in the eighth.
.I?uck Freeman caught his toe in the
•"nshiop at second bag in the sixth
: irihing. In falling: his leg was twisted
janfl his right ankle was broken. The
Portland— i Oakland—
A. R. H. P.A. A. R. H. P.A.
"Dman.ef 3 10 1 0 Ganiey.rf * 0 2 4 0
MoOr«.rf 4 12 2 0 Frncks.s. 5 112 3
i!r;,hy,Jb 1 0 03 0 Krujrr.cf 5 1110
•KYejnn.lb 3 12 3 2 M-kmn.p 4 12 0 2
.C*«r.o.«. 3 0 0 3 2,SchSy.2b 5 0 2 2 6
fcd*au.cf 3 0 11 O;*Urelb.lb. 3 2 2 12 0
Spncr,2b 4 0 15 2 ; D*-vrx.3b 3 10 0 1
Irncie.Sb 4 0 0 0 llLohman.c 4 0 15 2
i5h«a.,c.: . 3 0 0 9 2jSch»s<It,lf 3 0 0 10
»'tplnjn,p :: ii <.•<»::
Totals 07 6 11 27 14
.. Total* 31 3 € 27 12
•• .nt;XS A.VD HITS BT IKN'IXCS.
¦Jutland 1 0 O I O 0 O 1 0^ — 3
v fca** hits 2 10 2 0 0 0 1 0 — 6
<#sHan'l ..0 0 0 0 0 4 I I 0 — 6
"••Hesehlt* 1 1110 4 0 2 1—11
SUMMARY.
• ilrrorf — Dr^nnar. Fre*raan. Castro. Francis,
Ki*<:-ji. . fc'teelman. Morkima.n, Ptreib. SacrifK-e
Jut* — Captro, l>evr-reaux. Schmidt. Earned
ruw,— JVwaI»n<l .1. Oakland 2. Stolen bawrs —
Pp«n~*T 2. * Firpt ba>-f on c»ll»d ballr — O!T
SCetimvi 2." off Moekiman 2. Struck oat — By
iJi.'-eiman C. hy Mosklrr.an 4. Two-base hits-^
I^hroari. Mifklrnan. Doub'.o play — Castro to
>j*no*r'to Shra. Left on basrg — Portland 4.
i'sklsnd *. Firft bas<> on errors — Portland 1.
<M»kJsnd 3. Tim*- of frame — Two hours and 10
n:^nut'--s Urr.;iir€ — Hurton.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Semper Vivax won. NVverauch second. South
Breeze third. Time. 1 :ri5%.
Sixth race, six and a half furlonsts, selling —
Lasso won. Velaaquea x icond. Tim Crabb third.
Time, 1:28%.
ST. LOUIS, May 6. — Oelmar results:
First race, four furlinj.-s — Joe Kelly won. An
lmos second. Passvie third. Time. :Xi%.
Second race, flve and a half furlongs, scll
ing — Shortcake won.. Lady Ray second. Fero
nia third. Time. 1:14.
Third race, six furlonr;s. purse — Lucian won.
Gay American second. Lower third. Time,
1:20. ¦"¦;¦ "'•¦¦¦•¦.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, purse — V>lo»
won. Fickle Saint secoml. Murmur third. Time.
1:»-
St. Louis Race Results.
Tacoma T wirier Is Bombard
ed for Eight Kiiiis During
Initial ""Hound, of Contest
AUBURN'. May 6.— The Placer High
School of Auburn at Marysvflle won
the interscholastic high school track
meet last Saturday by a score of 3S
points to 34 for Woodland, 17 for
Marysville, 17 for Sacramento, 1 for
Dixon, 1 for Chico High and 0 for
Chlco Normal. Placer's individual
scores were as follows:
Roy Cowles— First in pole vault, 9
feet 6% inches; first in 120 hurdles, 18
seconds; second in broad jump, 18 feet
11% Inches; third In high Jump, 5 feet
4 inches.
Ed Freeman — Second in shot put. 42
feet 5 inches; second in hammer throw,
124 feet 2 inches.
Tom Scadden— First in half-mile run,
2:15; third in 440-yard, 55 seconds.
Elon Flint— First in mile run, break
ins high school record, 5:04.
Jack Barnlcott— First in 220 hurdles,
SO seconds.
Clark Gester— Third In mile run.
Ed Kendall— Third in 100-yard dash,
10 4-5 seconds.
;iledieal Pitcher Clinches His
Game VuthaThree-Bajrger
I That Clears the Cushions
TotalR.31 7 12 27 13! Totals.28 4 . 7 24 14
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. ,
Les Angeles. ... . . 0 1 • 1 •; 1 0 "1 0 0 0-^ 4
Base hits...... 1 2 110 10 1 0—7
San Francisco. ..1010 0 10 4 x— 1
Baa* bits 3 0 2.01 21.3 x— 12^
SUMMARY.
Stolen base* — Waldron. Miller, Toman, Flood,
Irwin. Errors— Flood. Toman, Chase, Miller.
Two-base hits — Irwln Smith. Hildebrarul (2),
Wheeler, Flood (2). Sacrifice hits— Smith <2),
Knell. Flood. .Toman. First base on errors —
San Francisco 2. Los Angeles 2. First base on
called balls — Off Knell. 2; off Gray. 4. Left
on bases— San Francisco 7, Los Angeles . 2.
Struck out— By Knell. :t; by Gray 2. Hit by
pitcher — Anderson. Double plays — Meany to
Irwin; Smith' to Flood to Chase; Cravath to
Spies; Flood to Toman to Smith. Passed balls*
Gorton, Spies. Time of game— Two hours.
Umpire — McDonald. .
SEATTLE LANDS
ON BOBBY KEEFE
MOSKIMAN LINES
OUT TIMELY HIT
Creditable Records Are
Made in Various
Events.
• ATH-LKTIC YOLXG 8TCPEXTB CF PLACER HIGH SCHOOL OF AUBURN WHO WON THK ANNUAL INTERSCHOLASTIC
CXXAMPIOKSHXP MEETING HELH REfENTLT AT MARYSVILLE. BEATING WOODLAND OUT FOR FIRST HON
CIIS—THE PERFORMANCES WERE EXCELLENT FOR BOYS STILL IN THE HIGH SCHOOL.
Second race,' flve and 1 half furlongs — Beil
Toone won. Anora J second. All Gold th:.- 1.
Time, 1:08 Vi.
Third race, flve and a half furlongs^ — Apple
won. Brand New second, Melita third. Time.
l:0»%.
Fourth race-, handicap, six furlong3 — Th*
Ciisls won. Bad News siecond. Columbia Girl
third. Time. 1:14.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — Weber
fleld won. Fredreka seccod. Foxhunting third.
Time. :56.
Sixth race, one and ait eighth miles — Discus
won. Trocadero second. Balrd third. Time,
1:56.
LOUISVILLE. May 6.— Results
First race four furloni;s — Lady La sea won.
Kitty Belle second, Erla Erna. third. Time.
:49*i.. :
Racing at LouisTillC
OAKLAND RACETRACK— FRIDAY, May 6.— Weather One. Track fast.
6735. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs;: selling; mares; 4-year-olds and , up; to first, 1325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlStJ &{ &. %. Str. Fin. I" Jockey. Op- Ct.
C4C0 Penzance. 4(H Stover). ..... 1C5 2 ... 5 1^3 1*»2 1 lh Crosswaite "20 25
4671 Parting Jennie, 4 (CoAlter)... 100 6 ... 7 1 6 14 1%2 2% Frowen ... 15 15
(5448 Edra. ;4 (MM. Rowley). ..... 110 3 ... 4 2 7 2 7 1 3 V, A. Powell.. 20 30
6645 Lady Rowell, 4 (Klmwood F.) 110 7 ... 6 1 4 1 . 6 % i h Vlckery ... 8 8
(4€(!2) Lizzie Rice, 4 (G. Miller) 110 5 ... lh 11 lh 5^ Fltxpatrlck . 2 13-5
(5042) Wilna. 4 (Blanch! & McG.)..110 l" ... 3 1 2 1 8 1 «2 J. Jones.... - «-5. 3-2
C71T Friponne. 4 (Alhambra Stable) 110 11 ... 9 2 9 2 8 1%7 2 Holbrook .. 80 40
6067 Estraia. 4 (V. Chlopek)...-... 105 9 ... 11 I 10 2 10 2 8 2 Roach ...... 23 ..O
50CG Virgil D. a (A. Xeal). :...... HO 10 ... 81 81 91 93 Llnton 20 30
6610 Cathello. 5 (Clayton & Co.).. 110i 8 ... 10 1 11 2 11 2 10 3 - Reed ...I,- 13 20
6731 The Stewardess 5, (Winter).. 110 12 ...12212213 112 McKlnnoB . • T *
3665 Spry Lark, a (M Qulnn)..... 110 -4 ... 2 2 3 1%5 1 12 3 W. Xarvtaez 30 30
6C9P Mordente, 4 (J. C- McClary).. 110 13 ... 13 13 12 2 13 J. T.. Shehn B 10
Time — :24, :4S?i. ¦1:02% At post 5 minutes. Oft at 2 :20. Penzance. place. 10: show.
5. Jennie; place, 6; show 3. Edra show 7. Winner, blk. m. by Pirate of Penzance-
Song.. Trained by H. Stover Scratched— 'Miss Vera, . Start perfect. Won first four
driving hard. Crosswaite on winger slipped through on th« rail. Parting Jennie
would have won in another stride. Lizzie Rice looked a winner at the paddock, vvllna
- blew up. " Spry Lark also quit. - _- _¦¦_ ¦_ ¦ - ¦ ' , ~ ~rw>-~-^->,
OT.'tC. SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs; gelling; 2-year-olds; value to first, |325.
Index . Horse and Owner. : Wt St. tf . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C718 Head Dance <EI Prlmero Sta.) 100 1 ...12 12 11 11 Roach y ... 2 8-5
C718 Velna (G M, Van Oordonl.. 97 4 ... 3 1 2121 2 ns Fitzpatrick 6 9
0718 Marie J (M Jones) 100 3 ... 4 1 5 1%4 1 3h Herbert ... 4 9-2
6706 Bob Ragon '(Summers & Co.) 112 6 ... 5 2 4n 5 1 4 1 J. T. Shehn 4*,.^tt
670O Mogregor (Bianchi & Co.)... 108 2 ... 2H3h3n53 J. Jones.... 5 7
C7O0 Edcobosa (Stewart &>Co.) 107 5 ... 6 }i 61 62 6 2 F. Kelly 15 2t>
B718 Cedarburg (Carroll & Co.) 102 7 ... 7h 8 73 74 Reed 15 SO
6682 Pearl Waters (O. F. Waters). »9 8 ... 8 7 18 8 Croaswalte 15 15
Time — :23^i. :48^4. . :55%. At post 3 mlnutes. v Off at 2:45. Dance, place, 7-10: show, 1-3.
- S Velna. place 3; show, 3-2. Marie J show, 3-2. Winner, ch. c. by Torso-Hula.
Trained by C. Winchell. Scratched— Anita Knight. Plrella. Edith Vice. Tar Flat. Start
good. . Won ridden out. Second and third driving Head Dance outbroke his field.
. .Velna a. clever filly. Marie J stumbled just after the start or she would have been
second. ., Mogregor gave , it up. Pearl Waters fractious afthe post.
O737. THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlo*ngs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. M- %• ft. Str.^Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6723 Flyer; 4 (T. H. Ryan) 100) 7 4 1 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 4- J. Jones.... 3 11-5
C727 My Surprise. 4 (Mounce) 103 5 1^11 1 1%2 2 2 3 Holbrook .. 8-5 6-5
6714 Carilee 6 (Appleby & Co.)... 83 6 3n 414S 32 3n Cro«swalte 15 20
6711 Rollick. 6 (M. Jones) 109 2 2h 2h 3 1^4 1 4 % J. T. Shehn 4 8
6663 Vasallo. 5 (Piedmont 8table) 02 8 82 83 62 6252 J. Kelly.... 15 30
«703 Benlash 4 (L. Jeuness), .100 4 515151 51 61 Reed ...... 15 20
C649 Meehanus a (T T. Rector) . . 107 1 6 n 6 % 7 2 7 h -7 3 F. Kelly.... « 10
«707 The Toller. 4 (F. Jones) 100 99 9 9 8283 T. Butler... 20 CO
6675 Floreetan, 4 (F. N. Hayes).. .|IO1 3 lh 7 !j 8 \' 9 9 Roach 20 30
Time— :24H. UkW, Utfl 1:20^. At peat 2 minutes. Off at 3:07. Flyer, place. 4-6; show,
' 2-5. Surprise, place 1-2: show. 1-4. Carilee show, 3. Winner. . b. g. by Dundee-
Running Maggie. Trained by T. H. Ryan. Scratched— Blondura. Montana Peeress.
Murat. Start good.:. Won galloping. Second stopping. Third driving. Winner best.
Too far for My Surprise. Carilee ran out. but made a clever showing. Rollick quit.
Meehanus ran poorly.
U738. FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; Belling; 3-year-olds & up; first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. J /i. Vi. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
<6725) Illowaho 5 (H. Stover) .."106 4 4 1) 4 1 4 3 MJ1J Crosswaite '4 6
6722 J V Kirby. 5 (G. Strobel)... Ill 2 3 •% 3 2 2 1^2 >/i 2 •% J. T. Shehn 4 13-2
fiO72 Merwan 4 ( J Guthrie) 09 5 14 11 l^lh 3 2(4 Fitzpatrick 20 30
6725 Golden Light 6 (Blanch!). : . 108 3 21 21 31 42 4 1^4 J. Jones 6-5 6-5
671C Jack Little, 3* (W. P. Fine).. 100 6 52 52 5h 52-5 2 T. Clark... 6 8-2
6605 Invlctus 6 (Mrs. Gabriel) 103 7 61 73 6h71 6}£ Roach 20 40
(it»2 Theodora L. 4 (P. E. Smith).. 07 1 84 6h 73.62 73 Reed 15 20
67CS War Times 3 (J. N. Mounce) 81 89 81818385 R. Butler... 20 20
0617- ConstabU, 5 (Stockton Stable) 103 9 7 h 9 9 9 0 Holbrook ... 30 30
Time^— :24%T :49. 1:15 1:41 V«. 1:47^. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:30. Illowaho. place. 2:
show 4-5. Klrby." place. 2: show. 4-5. Merwan. show, 6. Winner.- b. h. by Iroquois-
Slf Jr Trained by H. Stovejr. Scratched — Anirad Byronerdale, Dusty Miller. Start
good. Won handily. Second and third driving. Illowaho well ridden and best. J. V.
« Klxby ran his race. Too much early use made of Merwan. Jack Little could not get
' \up. Theodora L ran away a couple of miles after the finish.
.0730. FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; hancicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $400.
Index | Horse and Owner. Wt|St. VL. Vi- %• Str. Fin. Jockey, j Op. Cl.
6721 Misty'a Pride 4 (Jones & Co.) lftt 4 ... 13 12 12 1 3 J. Jones.... 3 5-2
6727 Royal Rogue, 5 (J. <:. Nealon) 107 2 ... 4 1 4 3 4 3 2 1 F. Kelly 8-5. 7-5
6727 J A. Scott 4 (M Jones).-.*.. 109-5, ... : 5 5 5 3 1 J. T. Shehn A3 16-5
(6733) Olympian. 6 (J. F. Schorr)... 103 1 ... 3 3 1 % 2 1 4 2 Reed 4 8
(G727) Louis Wagner. 5 (Blakeman) 110 3 ... 2h 3 2 3%5 Vlckery ... 6 15
Time— :23% :47 1:09%. At post 5 minutes. Off at 4:00. Pride, place. 4-5; show, 2-5.
*- Rogue place, 3-5; show. out. Scott, show. 2-5. Winner, ch.-m. by Handsome- Misty
•**"*• Morn. ' Trained by S. J. Jonea. Start , good. Won easily. Second and third driving.
" * Misty' s Pride outfooted her field from start to finish. Royal Rogue no excuse. John
_' A. Scott not at his best. Olympian quit. Too fast/forLouls Wagner.
«74<V SIXTH RACE^ — One mile and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt!St. &• Vi- %• Str. Fin. Jockey. ¦ Op. Cl.
,6725~Xda N 6 <D. F. Blakeman)... 1001 7 2 1 1 % 1 1%1 1%1 5 Crosswaite 3 5-2
0728 Polon a (T H. Ryan) 104 3 6h 6h 6 3 4 3 2 Vi J. T. Shehn 3 2
(6720) Rev bare 6 (J. C. Nealon).. 107 9 3 % 2 1%2 3 2 2 3 .1 F. Kelly.... 2 7-2
6662 Oro Viva 4 (D. S. Fountain). 110 6 4 h 5 2 4 1 3 h 4 h T. Butler... 5 6
«72" Col Ballantyne. « (Ronatdaon) 110 2 5 1H4 h 3 h 5 »» 5 3 W. Narvaez 15 23
6720 Leash 4 <L Levy).....- «7 5 1%3%51 S3 6 2 Earnshaw . 30 80
6720 Moor '5 (V.Gilbert) 104 8 7 1*7 3 73 7 2 7 3 jj. Jones.... • 10 12
•5301 Homage 6 (Stephenson) 105 4 8384 84 85 85 T. Clark... 20 100
0725-111 Clay Rye. a (T. Crysler) . . 107 10 9 9 9 9 JMcKlnnon . 30 100
Time— -25 :50 1:15^4. 1:41%. l:45Vj. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:2a Ada. place. 1;
show "l-2 ' Solon, place. 4-5; show, 2-5. Dare, show. 3-5. Winner, b. m. by Herald
«anta Rosa Trained by H. Robinson. Scratched — Augte. San Lution. Winner bid up
?rom $<5U0 to $1000 by M. Gould: retained. Start good. Won ridden out. Second
and third driving. Ada X had plenty of speed and Crosswaite took no chances. Solon
ran his race. So did Rey Dare. Oro Viva closed well. Moor outclassed. 'Los Angeles
index C661.
Sixth race, one mile — Hands Across won.
Forehand second. The Conqueror II third.
Time. 1:41.
Third race, four and a half furlongs—Lil
lian Ay res won, Dundall sticond, Azelina third.
Time. :55.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles—
Sptncerlan won. Last Kni.yht second, Compaw
third. Time. 1:49 1-5.
Fifth race, six furlonj;s — Van Ness wup,
Zyra second. Marco third. Time. 1:13 1-5.
CHICAGO. May t>. — Worth results:
First race, six furlon (a — Freckman won.
Glen Gallant second. Emperor of India third.
Time. 1:14.
Second race, flve and a. Half furlonirs — Ann*
Beall won. Miss Manners second. The, Ken
tucktan third. Time. 1:07 4-5.
Winners at \l*orth.
NEW YORK. May 6.— The feature
event at Morris Park race track this
afternoon was the Larchmont Stakes
for 3-year-olds. It was won by the
Goughacre stable's Bryn M.'iwr, which
beat Gettysburg a head, after a soui
stlrring drive. It was a good d^y for
long shots, two at better than twenty
to one flashing first past the Judges.
The weather was balmy and the track
lightning fast.
"When the barrier was lifted in the
stake race Bryn Mawr was in a good
position. Fine Art essayed to cut out
the pace and led until the stretch wan
reached, where McCue took command
of affairs and pinning John Madden's
colt Gettysburg in on the rail, his
mount lasted just long enough to win.
Thompson was not able to arouse the
sluggish Gettysburg sufficiently to en
able him to win. The colt met with
repeated interference, but closed reso
lutely at the end. Just aa the 'winning
post was passed he had his head In
the air, while that of Bryn Mawr was
down. It was the margin of a noa»'
by which the latter won. Summary:
First race, five and a half furlongs — Up
masked won, Louise Elston second. Mexnphian
third. Time, 1:OSV«.
Second race. Eclipse- course — Toupee won,
Champlain second. Girdle third. Time. 1:12.
Third rac!». Larchmont stakes, seven fur
long* — Bryn Mawr won. Gettysburg second,
Buckleya third. Time. 1:28.
Fourth race, half a milt — Glorifler won. Sal
vage second. Thirty third, lime. :47*4.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Runnells won,
Hippocrates second. Illjxla third. Time.
1 :2ti 3-5.
Sixth race. Withers mile — Honolulu won, Ella
Snyder second. Stonewall th trd. Time, 1:40%.
Gray kept getting into bad holes all
through the game! and got, out' of five
of them without much damage being
done to»his curves; But the sixth was
the limit. Jt proved the real fatality.
When the home players started to get
runs they kept right on and broke the
game up as it should have been broken.
The Angels were without Bernard
and Ross, but this did not hamper them
to any great extent, as 'Wheeler, who
played the right garden, slammed the
ball safely four times out of four at
tempts and figured in the scoring' of
two runs. Cravath ;did some great
throwing from left field and cut off a
couple of runs in!this manner. The
sqore: '.. ¦•' V. ' . '--
V-&U» J Francisco— ' i Los Angeles — ¦
¦¦"' . AB.R.'H. P.A.I . . AB.R. H. P.A.
Hlldbd lf.5 1 3 2 1 Tomany s.l 1 0 2 ;4
YViarn." cf.4 1 '20 0 VVhter. rf.4 1 4.20
Ueany. i rf-t .11 2 1 Flood, 2b.3 I ; 1 1 ' ,8
lrwln. 3b\4 0,-1 2-"»»niltti. 3bv2 1—1' 3,-1
(Jorton. c.3 l.-'-l 5 " 2<*aVth. lf.4" © r 0 1* ; 2
Ma»sy,-lb.4 1 1 C -1 Chase, lb.4 O 10 vO
Adr«n. 2b. 2 1 0 2 1 Rymd. cf.4 0 0 2 0
Miller, S. 4 1 2 1 : 1 Spies. C..3 0 0 4 1
Knell, p. ,3 0.1.1 4Gray, p..3 0 0 2 1
Up. to the eighth the Angels had a
lead of a run and it looked good for
them. Irwin, the first man up for
Uncle, went out. easily. Gorton was
passed by Gray, while Massey hit a
soft one to Flood that should have
been a double play.. ..Instead,. Tim
floundered around the lot f or_ a minute
or so and both men were safe.
"Dolly" Gray ascended long enough
to walk Anderson "and fill 'em all up.
There were shouts and shouts of glad
ness when VRabbit" Miller rubbed
some earth into his mits and, still more
when he whirred the ball out to left
field and brought in Gorton and Mas
sey. Knell fanned, but- then "Dolly"
made a wild .pitch which let Anderson
arrive. Hildebrand bit off a two sackgr
and in came the "Rabbit."- Waldron
also banged it safely, but Hilde was
nailed at the plate. . %
"Rabbit" Miller has become one of
the -greatest men- south- of the slot
within the last few days. The fans
expect him to turn all kinds of tricks
and many times he is right there.: He
was there with a hit yesterday after
noon at Recreation Park in the eighth
round when the -bases were all occu-.
pied by Uncle's "own. It:brought; two
In and. started ai; rally ; that put; the
Angels down for the. count. Score 7
to 4. ¦'.'¦¦ ; '':' •..>''..• ¦¦¦•¦¦'.• ;
W. L. 1'Ct.l W. L. Ptf.
Tacoma 23 13 .039!Seattle ...,.18 15 .342
Oakland 22 15 ..VIS Lan Fran. ...18 21 . 47a
Los Angeles. SI 17 .353liorUand 7 28 .200
(PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.)
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
"Dolly" Gray Succeeds in
Getting Out of Five Bad
'Places, but Loses at Last
Thompson, Who Bode Mad
den's Colt, Fails to Arouse
Sluggish Hamburg Horse
With the Base's All Filled,
He Lines Out a Hit That
Puts Uncle in the Lead
The Bay Son of Atheling
Wins the Feature Event at
Morris Park in a Drive
"RABBI T" MILLER
STARTS A RALLY
IN EIGHTH ROUND
LARCHMONT GOES
TO BRYN MAWR IN
NOSE DECISION
JOCKEY CLUB SEASON ENDS WITH TO-DAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
ROYAL ROGUE, A WARM FAVORITE,
EASILY BEATEN BY MISTY'S PRIDE
Penzance Takes the Opening Event Across
". the Bay at Odds of 30 to I— Flyer Wins.
Crosswaite and Jones Ride in Great Form
AUBURN HIGH SCHOOL'S CLEVER ATHLETES
ARE VICTORIOUS IN INTERSCHOLASTIC MEET
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1904;
11-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; MAY 7, 1904.
12
CUIHVdVAXTS Continued.
A — MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
dium and card reader, born witb a double
veil and second sight, tells past, present and
future; 1. 00c, g. by cards $1;- palmistry and
. clairvoyant sit.. $1 CO. 312 Mason, nr. Geary.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenbers.palmlst, clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me .good readings
10c 721 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave.Tel. Larkin 4207.
A MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice: names given; 25c up. S-i5 Howard »U
Mme. Odell returned; clairvoyant, card reader;
tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 532 Ellls^st.
SUSS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date
and facts; readings dally. 017 Market at.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26V4 Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
movtd from 132 .to 23% <ith: 1. 25c. g. 50c.
MRS BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. MARSAX. card reader; ladles 25c; gents
60c. 120 Sixth »t.. room 15.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
tings dally. 448% Jessie st.. bet. Oth and Cth.
CAUPI2T HKATING AND CLEANING..
COMPRESSED air and vacuum system now
universally UEed In cleaning cansets on
floor; without removal; price moderate. S.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. 30S Mar-
ket st. Tel. Main 152. Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth' St.. clean-
lng &. laying done reasonably. Tel. Mitwlon 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rlson St.; Al cleaning; 3c.Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard jtei.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 HarrUon St.: tel. Mission 2«3.
COTTACiUM TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL modern cottage. Presidio Heights,
210 Locust st., near Washington; very sunny,
all windows facing south: large lawn, gar-
den and conservatory: fine , marine view.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220
Montgomery st.
$11 — NEW cottage; 5 r. ; 17 Roscoe st. Mission
cars to Crescent ave.. flret street to right.
CAPE NOME.
TICKET office for all points in Alaska. C. F.
MOORE. 927 Market St.. room 309. First
steamer May 21; $75 first class.
i : _ jcojj^^c^^w^rriCEjB.^^^^
BAD tenants "lected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, roonm ft-10: tel. Main 55S0.
OBEDXT C&OTKXXJKS.
C F. ADAMS tX>. ™*
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the. whole family from hats to
shoes: everything up to date at cash prises.
Credit for all. 318 Mason gt.
CLOTHIJTO SXSXTOVATXXQ.
SUITS cleaned ana pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
5 ENTI 3_ r _^_ „
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for' extracting when plates- are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
Pans Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth,' $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up:fllltngs,25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM surgeoa-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 808 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: oren Sundays. .Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
l)ltt-:s> \l AKRIISAXD SICAMSTKKSSKjl
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng; double
stamps on. dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 6121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1018 Mkt.
EMPLOYMENT AVAX _T^Pn!!^i5L^.
MAX speaking 6 languages desires position as
Interpreter or courier to Europe; traveled
principal cities in Europe. II.. box 1.H3.
Call office
FIREMAN, steady, sober, wants position; best
references furnished. Box 70. lOOH Market at.
JAPANESE boy wants situation cooking or to
do all kind of work: has 10 years' experience;
good private family in city or country. T.
KEN, box 32T.7. Call. |
GOOD Japanese cook wants situation in _
family. Address GEORGE. 917 Wetwttr St..
Oakland.
FI-ATE TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT
All desirable vaci.it nousn and flat* are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 100O
in number; a combined list frcm all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fail; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
US» MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage o.
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-259 Geary
St.. on the square. '.'.''
NEW fiat to rent; one of the nicest flats in
the Mission, with 7 sunny rooms and bath:
latest improvements. No. 3629 Twenty-flfth
St., b-tween San Jose ave. and Guerrero; reat
reasonable.
NOE. 157 to 1€5. 1 block north of Market St..
near Henry — Elegant new t> and 7 room flats:
sun all dajN
TWO sunny flats, 5 and 6 rooms. Just com-
pleted; open Sundays. 1310-1323 Pine St.,
between Lyon and Central avenue.
ELLIS. 828 — Parlor floor, kitchen.' etc. : separ-
ate entrance ;all conveniences for dressm'k'rs.
$25 — NEW. up-to-date, 5-« r.. sun. light, fine
view. Le Roy place, nr. Sacto and Jones.
$3S-$42 50^ — 7-8 r~ fine views and neighborhood,
light and sun. 25o0 Van Ness and Union.
FLAT. 1337 Ellis St.. bet. Laguna and Eu-
chanan; 5 rooms, bath; rent $20.
JUNIPER. 33H. bet. 10th and 11th. off Fol-
scm — Flat of 4 nice rooms: sun all day.
$16 SUNXY flat. 3 rooms, bath, basement.
. 130 Eureka st.. near Eighteenth.
POLK. 2526 — New. sunny flat 4 rooms and
bath: latest improvements: $21 60.
FLAT H large rooms and bath: SE. cor. Jones
and Broadway; good marine view; sua all day.
KkATSTOLKT— PCTIISISHBD.
FLAT of 7 rooms: -coal and gas stoves; piano.
713 Grove st. : call 11 to 3.
FLATS FOR SALE KLU.NbllCD.
5-ROOM flat, furnished: will sell for $250.
parties leaving city: rent $20; rooms rented
pay rent and gas. Box 1976. Call.
ELEGANT furnished flat for sale; open far in-
spection from 10 a. m. to I p. m. 1427 Oak.
VAN NESS ave., S07— For sale cheap, fur-
niture of a 7-room flat.
A BARGAIN— 7-rooms, bath; completely fur-
nished; cheap rent; So. Park. Box 3259. Call.
NEW. sunny flat, furniture almcat new. Call
10:3O to 3:3(>, 242 Noe St.. near Market.
KLK.MTIKE \VA.\TKU
" " AB j_ LEVY. " " •"—-- ~— —
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 78L
Don't sell your furniture, carpets. of3c« fur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest prlc» for fur-
niture, carpetc. etc. 7S2 Mission :tel. Bush 487.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices fural-
ture. carpets, etc. : tel. Larkin 3ttt!. 634 EIIisl
B. T. SCHELL. 2412 Mission, tel. Church 5570.
pays best price.* for furniture, caroets. «:r.
HCLP tVAXTEP KUUALC
COOK, country hotel *:;5
Cook, sanitarium $35
Cook and second girl, same house, Ross Vat-
ley J : £)0-$2U
Cook, hotel, city $40
4 nurse ffirls, city and country. . . .$2O$2u-$.">i)
Young nurse girl, sleep home $25
3 waitresses for country hotels fare paid..
$2O-$-.*3
2 chambermaids and waitress, country ho-
tel $li>
Housework, 3 family. Res* Valley $30
Housework. San Rafael ' $:;o
Housework. 5 family. Palo Alto 125
Laundress, orphan hom<* $;y>
Bellgirls, small family hotel $15
Waitress, lunch cafe; no Sunday work.... $7
Maid, sleep home $ji>
50 general house girls, city and country.
»2«>-*25-ir.rt
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
WANTED — A neat waitress fcr nice country
hotel; fare paid; go to-day; also waitress for
cafe; no Sunday work; $7 a week; hours 7o0
to 4:30. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
A SECOND sirl for small family in the coun-
Uy. $23: a woman cook on a ranch, one
child no objection: a cook for summer re-
sort, short distance from city. $33: a first-
class French cook for small hotel in th*
city. $40. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell
A— WANTED — Girls ~~t(> learn hairdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 2
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week uo; leading school ij»
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
sen; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers
•alesladles. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up-
dey anl evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.*
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslnr
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket «t.. cor. Jones, room »4; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
WANTED— Experienced alteration handi on
skirts and jackets. Apply at HALE BROS '
between 9 and 11 a. rn.
WANTED — Experienced corset saleswoman
Apply at HALE BROS.' between a and li
a. m.
WAIST hands — Competent waist and nklrt
handd at once. Apply forenoons, LIVIXO-
STOX BROS.. Post st.
WANTED — A head nurse and three staff
nurses for private sanitarium. San Krancuco.
Address, stating experience, box 3301. Call.
TAILORESS. experienced hand, wanted to work
on^coat*. J. T. ENGLISH. Point Richmond.
W MlvS ER 107 W p n oVt d st at STRAU5S * "O 5 "-
A GOOD buttan-hole maker on coats- $15 n e r
week. 223 Stevenson St., room 5. . .
GIRL for general housework: small famllv
must understand cooking. 1323 Stockton st.
MACHINE operators wanted. II. ANDERSON
20 O'Farrell st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan St Church st*.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr th« reception
01 advertisements and subscriptions has been
JET"** 1 !?, J? 08 Market »*•• opposlt. Fifth.
Open until 11 o. m.
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third St.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush id.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED '
V. S. GOVERNMENT WORK."
23 teamaters. $67 50 a month.
15 laborers, $6O a month.
10 drillers, rockmen, hammermen, $73.
2 men to cut pine wood. 4 rest. $1 23 a cord.
FOR THE SAWMILLS.
4 lumber pliers. $3 a day. ship to-day
4 lumber pilera and yardmen. $35 month and
board. American preferred.
4 mill hands. $-13 a month and board.
3 teamsters, sawmill 'company, Sisklyou Co..
$66 a month and board.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
A— CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT AGCT
635 Washington st..
Phone James 3301.
1 We ship to Nevada daily: Government
ditch work; 8 hours: cheap "per 1*1 fare.
Laborers, teamsters. $2 to $2 25 day.'
Camp cook for S or 6 people. $30 found.
Carriage painter; stripe and varnish; $3 5X>
day; cheap fare.
Teamsters: new electric R. R.: free fare. |2.
5 woodchoppera ; cheap fare; $l'7<5 cord.
Porter, city restaurant; $23 and board.
Man to make beds and wash few dishes: $20
and found; near city. -
Lots other Jobs.
L. H. CUTTING A CO.
AT CONTRACTORS* AGENCY. "
W THIRD ST. Telephone Main 5321
NEVADA. XEVADA. NEVADA.
U.S. Government Work. Cheap Fare. 8 Hour/
Ttanssters $2 23. Laborers... $•»
Drillers. tunr,«l. Cal.: $2 5O-$2 75; free fare"
Laborer?, tunnel. Cal.: $2; free fare.
Ranch hands. Sonoma County; steady work.
Coopers. Santa Cru»; piece work.
Railroad teamsters, Cal.; $2 23; Ions lob.
HORD & SMITH.
LODGIXG-HOESES FOR 9ALB.
A. CAMERON & CO.j Phone South 103CL
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-Houses, Hotels and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance:
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
cf departure.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date roomlng-houae: has fine
bar; can be run tn conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other business in-
terests demand Immediate departure!
90 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture; swell doH-ntown -location; everything up-
to-date and first-clas": fine opportunity to se-
cure high-grade preposition; must go East.
12C rooms; rent only Jl per room; new and
up-to-^ate house; all men; electric elevator,
! lights; lo^g lea?*; clears $400 to $500 per
I month; one of the best buys in the city.
I 19 roums; rent only $100; well furnished: lit-
tie apartment -house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms; beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house ;
in city; call for terms and particulars. j
9 rooms; evrny flat' rent $50; oak, mahogany
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $<55O.
ISO rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $000 per month;
close In; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $00; oak furniture; good
carpets; part i-ash, balance time; price $850.
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San- Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance, cheap rent; clear-
ing $4Co per month; 0-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry fur.;
fine carpets; closa In; fine money-maker.
2S rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Noh,
mil; doing fine business; will trade for large
I apartment-house ami pay cash difference.
1 7-rocm flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good car-
| pets; slcknes*; price $350.
13S' roon<s;. downtown commercial hotel: 8
years' lease; cheap rent: elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure flrst-
class hotel; owner has ether bueiness; part
cash, balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent: cl&« In: thoroughly
respectable; all Cull; clears $100. part cash.
Jl looms: rent $40; close In; oak, cherry fur-
niture, Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all ex-
penses; $?C0 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms: elegantly furnished; rent enly $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $250 ;>er month; close in; fine buy;
price $0000.
15 rooms; rent $S5; north Market; close in;
good monty-maker; reduced from $1600 to
$1100.
12S rooms: cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $000 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
20 rcoms; rent only $100: all new furniture;
doctor pays $05; clearing over all expenses $100;
best street Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house.
24 rooms: rent $145: nerf and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
niehrd; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears 1400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
33 rooms; cheap rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished; new modern building: very central;
all full: little gem of a house; leaving city.
12C rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances:
takes in S30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $85; oak fur.:
good carpets, housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
sieoo.
f.O room?; new. modern apartment -house: 10-
year lease: cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
17 rooms; Ellis St.: rent $70: oak furniture.
Axmin^ter carpets; fine condition; clears $80;
fine little buy.
5 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can,
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
For rent — l-rcom suite, furnished, in fine
apartment-house. 4 to 6 months; rental $45 per
month; references; no small children.
For rent — 8-room modern furnished flat, for
summer; elegantly fur.: references required;
rent $C0 per month.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125 $4500
10» rooms; clears $."J50: low rent $6500
M rooms; furniture nearly new $3800
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. I10OO
4<S rooms; in Oaklnnd; new; rent $U0 .$23<K_»
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
80 ROOMS; elegant new apartment-house. 3
and 4 room suites; «JO rooms, furnished; rea-
sonable rent: charming location; sunny. Box
254S. Call office.
TEN large rooms; nenr Fourth and Howard;
$.TO over rent; very chenp. Apply after 12 m.,
b23 Howard Bt.
14-ROOM house; rent $45; near Larkin and
Hyde stB. ; full of roomers: owner will sell
for $C50; this week. Box 3522, Call office,
NINE rooms; all full; must sell, on account
of s'eknes*. Inquire 212 Fifth St.
FOR Bale — Lodging house. 25 rooms, on Sutter
et. Ilox 1^13. Call office.
LODGING house. 27 rooms, for sale; down-
town locatlcti. Box 3249. Call office.
BOARDING and lodging house for sale; 20
rooms. Inquire MRS. WILSON. Belvedere.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion o" adverrlsemmts and subscriptions has
lx-en owned at 10(iS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Ouen until 11 p. m.
IP1KITDALI3U.
*~~~~^ — RETURNED.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance business medium and Ufa
reader; also communications from your de-
parted friends. Hotel Netberland, 18 Turk
St.. near Market, room 17. elevator.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
6 business med'm, read daily $1; dev'p'g class
Thurs. S p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;tel. Jessie 3436.
EDWARD, EARLE. 1052 Ellis St.. readings
dally; phone Sutter 3304.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
ilate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8S7.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED success forp'ou.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell /our name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tel: you If
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; who and
when you will marry: how to gain the love of
the one you desire: "In fact," I will tell you
every hoi>e, fear or ambition better than you
can tell youreelf; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable; he im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development in mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth;- the controlling power implanted in your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and burled treasures; gives you success
in life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing fcr bis services.
10 a. ,'m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
32« O'Farrell Et.— 326.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Bt., err. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. tn.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, ¦ $1 ;
full life, $5; send lock of hair,' date of year
of birth; don'tsend currency ;serfd postof flee,
Well«-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — Miss M. Wille, 4«0 Geary, . clairvoyant crysi
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion, cames given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your Ufa correctly,
advice <;lven on nil affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25c" up. 17 3d, next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted, clalr. and palm.;
, **has second eight; a wonderful prophetess:
Barnes; 1. 00c, g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
AUTOMOBILES FOR SALE.
EECOND-HAND automobiles In flrat-clam
shape for tale cheap. . Inqulr* at 20 Golden
Gat* ava.; phon* Howard S71.
FOR sele — A White Stanhope In good running
order: will bell reasonable. Box :'-245. Call.
BU91XKSS CHANCES.
$3000; grocery and bar. on Fourth St.. about 1
block from Market »t.; lease; good paying;
established years: sickness only cause of sale.
Call R. G. WILKE. 20V* Kearny at.
A— $1000 — DAIRY produce route: butter and
eggs; established 5 years; 2 horses, 1 wagon;
owner clears above 5150 i*:r mo; good cash
buainees. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 V, Kearny.
t A— $5000; HARDWARE store; specialties
locksmith, electric bells, model-making, ma-
chine work etc.; estab. 20 years; located
Sixth st.; large stock. See R. G. WILKE.
2C',fc Kearny »t.
A— $1000; RESTAURANT In Son Rafael: dally
receipts $25; rent $30; roust b* sold at onc«:
good place. See R. G. WILKE. 20-4 Kearcy.
A— SIOCO: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; close to Market St.; dally receipts
about $40; rent $45; good business; value in
R. G. WILKE. 20Vt Kearny st.
A — $550; OYSTER and chop house; close to
Ellis and Mason «ts. ; rent $35; worth at
' least SsxiO: rare opening. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $0000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business; store receipts about JOO per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny et.
A— $2C0O; CORNER grocery and bar, on Powell
ft.; 9 years' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and first-class paying; value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2t>Vi Kearny st.
A — (5000; THK leading saloon In manufacturing
town of al*out f>ouO inhabitants; 6 years'
leace; rent !-U; full value in sight: first-class
paying business; about '+* "ill** from S. F.
Call K. G. WILKE. 26U, Kearny st.
A— J2200; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
etore; established ytars; rent $55; monthly
tales about $1500; a first-class paying busl-
Dess. (fee R. G. WILKE. 2*M Kearny St.
A — $750; CIGAR stand on Market St.; rent $06;
one of the bett-located stands and a business
where fullest investigation in solicited; «
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 2UV4 Kcarny.
A— $S0O0; CORNER grocery and bar with 3
years' leare; rmt $T5; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
average cash Mere trade $2500 per month;
dally Lai receipts $25; full value In sight;
location the b. >t in the city. Call K. G.
WILKE. 2tiH Kearny st.
A — $450; PLUMBING and casflttlng shop on
Fillmore ft.; rent $-0; owners must sell at
once, as they are engaged In another busi-
ness. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— S30O0; GROCERY store; established many
years and doin«r a lare? cash business:
located close to Market and Sixth ets. ; a
good paying business; investigate and you
find a very rare business opening. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26Vj Kearny E t.
A — $750: SALOON on Montgomery st. ; plac<-
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate; a bargain. Call li.
G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny ft.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon: close to Call bldg.:
8 years' lease; ret rent $120; thU Is one of
the tx>«t ea!oon location* in this city, and
a live man can clear $C00 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— $1100"; SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to i
Kearny and Hush sts.; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures. ;
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26 '-4 Kearny st. .
A— $12C0; COFFEE taloon and bakery in
cholceet location; rent $s0; daily receipts
about $70; a good business but sickness of
owner compels htm to retire. Particulars R,
G WILKE. 2t>% Kearny st.
A — CAMERON & CO. x'hene South 1C50.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters fcr all kinds of business chances.
__^
Oyster and chop houses $r>jO to ?ir.r.Q j
Candy and icecream parlors $:!< O to $2500 j
Barber eheps $500 to $2500 .
Cigar stands $359 to $2000 !
Groceries and bars $.100 to $5000 I
Saloons W) to $10,000 '
Restaurants $350 to $20. 0i K) !
Fruit and vegetable stores $.100 to S100O !
Drug stores $2OuO" to $r.(X>0 !
Delicatessen stores $250 to $ »5G0 j
Wood and coal yards $2.")0 to $10u0 j
For sale — First-class legitimate mining <
proposition that will bear »trict investiga*
tlcn.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: fine
proves; Stj-room hotel; all furnished «uid
?-quipped for business ; 2 ( > acres lend goes |
with lease; raise own hay. vesetables: all j
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity 111 !
this $2500; death In family cause of sale. '
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — One of the bf-st restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 daily: will
bear investigation; price $15C0. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnisning
goods business; cheap rent: CVi years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
ing fine business: other Internals cauee of s^le-
price &5000. .<ee CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.'
FOR sale — Well located and equipped family
liquor store; rent only $:;5; fixtures $200:
stock will Invoice between $40O and $500;
must be eoIiI by 1st: other bueiness. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-hge or buslnesw. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or will trade — C acres In9lde city
limits; one of best interior cities In Califor-
nia; hnuee. barn, other outbuildings; plenty '
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for '
rooming-house; price $40tX». CAMERON* &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$350 SECURES Interest in light office work
where party can easily clear $125 monthly
references exchanged ; experience not neces-
sary; live man wanted: txma fide proposition
Particulars 100714 Market ct.. room 1. ;
FOR sale — Grocery store; good family trade:
owner retiring lrom businefs. Inquire of
ownrr at 1231 Park St.. Alameda. Cal.; rsnt
r«;;iscnable; 15 years in business.
BESTA I-RANT. delicatessen and liquor more;
.5 living rooms: yard: must he sold: owner
has othpr business; clears ?I5O month; rent
g.'t'; will stand investigation. Box 1S.SO. Call.
LODOPgQ-HOCSg. 24 rooms; Eddy st. ; well
furnished: all housekeeping; leaxc; sell clmap
B r ox x s s Ca u r oS' farm la bay count ; e *
ROADHOUSE and hotel near city: first-class I
p. ace; well equipped and clearing $200 mo.-
rent $40 with lease; $25C0. Box 1854. Call
office.
FOR sale or will take partner In a light busN
ness, paying handsome prorits; average
monthly receipts over $300; expenses $S5 for
; Particulars, address box 1752. Call office.
FOR sale— Grocery, candy, notions cigars and
branch bakery; all good etock and will sell
reasonable; established 10 years; low renf
living rooms. Box 1KQ8. Call •office.
CARPENTER-SHOP for sale; old established-
low rent: large place. Apply box 3209
Call Office. '
FOR sale— 2-chalr barber hhop; 0 living-rooms
>adk; estab! Uhed 10 years; selling account
ill health. C42 Main st.. Stockton, Cal.
FOR sale — Rertaurant and delicatessen com-
bined. clearing $175 per month: low rent;
good location. Box 1026. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a good hotel or boarding
house in city or country. Address, with par-
ticulars, box 1973. Call office.
WANTED— To buy half or whole of a furni-
ture store; state full particulars; no agents
Box 1962. Call office.
WANTED— To buy a stock of general meVchan-
¦ dise in country town In a good healthy lo-
callty. Box 1735. Call office. l
$375— DELICATESSEN and lunchroom- good
trade and fine location for meals; rent low
$27 50. Address box 1993. Call.
WANTED — Partner In light manufacturing
business; must have $150 cash. 7CG Folsum.
CARPENTER shop, Al location: good bus.;
cheap rent; owner going East. Box 1098. Call.
FOR rent — Cigar stand; suitable for bootblack
Etand. 219 Mason rt.
FOR sale — The , Union Hotel; manufacturing
town; Benlcla. Cal. .
HGMK bakery for sale; very reasonable. Call
at 1550 Church St.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
$1500— GROCERY end bar In Park district.
Box Ib52. Call office.
WANTED — A cigar stand. Box 3233. Call
office.
W r ANTED— A cigar stand; state location and
price. Box 18S9. Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
. CUKES BTJPTTTBE.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market st.; $100; ruptura
cur© for $10; circular explains; send for one.
EMPl.OTVE.Yr \VA.\TKP FGHALB.
FEW more families' wash to take home; card
or inquire; prompt attention. 2819 Baker ot.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. ti.T; McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, ror. Duncan St Church sts.
KJH-I.OUIK.Vr WANTED MALE.
1 AN Italian young man wishes employment
with a good firm as assistant bookkeeper, of-
fice or shipping clerk, or to start at the bot-
tom for a chance to better position; quick at
figures; good pencian; salary no object. Box
32tK), Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Englishman, well educated,
speaka and writes German and French flu-
ently, business experience, seeks work, cleri-
cal amanuensis, wait on invalid, about place,
anything; small wages. Box ISM, Call.
WANTED — By a teamster, lately over from
New Zealand, a Job; used to road haulln;;
j country preferred; references is required.
Box 32C3. Call office.
MECHANICAL engineer, draughtsman, desires
situation and evening work In any line in
engineering; competent detaller; many years"
shop experience. Box 1SS4, Ctni.
; ; —
' YOUNG married man. Danish, wants position
as driver, in country or city; understands
care of horse* and cows. Call WILLIAM!
WESTERGAARD. 612 Taylor st.
DRAUGHTSMAN, mechanical, graduate. 7
years' experience, wants position; also em-
ployment during leisure hours making nice
drawings at reasonable rates. Box 18S3, Call.
A FIRST-CLAPS frameworker desires position
as a fitter or any position requiring the use
of tools; 7 years last employed. Box 71. 1008
Market sL
GENERAL middle-aged competent reliable
German would like a situation on ranch or
vineyard; understands milking or can do any
kind of work; city or country. Box 3259, Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller, IS years' experience, mining,
stationary, marine work, wants oosltion or
work at home. Box 32C8. Call office.
EXPERIENCED and reliable bartender wishes
steady position; country preferred. Uox
3267. Call office.
SOBER young man. German, like to drivs
butcher wagon and help in shop. Box 3U00,
Call office.
— — - — ¦
MIDDLE-AGED man, German, wants work In
private house; can handle horses and milk
cows. Box 326*. Call.
MAN desires place to do chores; understands
horses and housework: can milk: small
wages; good home preferred. Box 3307. Call.
GROCERY clerk, with some city experience.
wishes a position. Address Clerk. 036 Larkin.
WANTED — Position as night watchman; best
references. Box 1870. Call.
WANTED — Situation as hostler. Box 3208,
Call office.-
YOUNG man wants position; will do any kind
of work. Box 1900. Call.
BOOKKEEPER or traveling salesman; best of
experience and references. Box 3306. Call.
HOTEL clerk wants position, city or country;
best of references. Clerk. 1165 Mission st.
GARDENER, married; wife can do housework;
able to take full charge of place; flowers,
greenhouse, etc.; want situation. Box 1S71.
Call office..
AN honest young man. who supports parents,
wishes a position; no less than $60 per
month; can read, write and count. Box 19S5
Call office. '
BRIGHT young man would like a position as
stenographer, assistant bookkeeper or office
work; wages- (50 to start with. Box 1988
Call office. • *
GOOD all-round man wants position in pri-
vate place; understands care of horses gar-
den; good driver; can milk; good references.
Box 3C54. Call office.
GOOD, reliable man wants position- good
wages; Eastern man. E. T. LIN'SON (coi-
ored). 1013 Clay st. ~™
YOUNG man, experienced machinist, with
technical education, desires situation with
wholesale machine flrm. Box 1901, CalL.
A YOUNO man recently from the East would
like a situation; has had good experience In
the dry goods business. Box 194S. Call.
A YOUNO man who can drive wagon "or~do
anything else would like work of any kind;
grammer grade education. Box 1080, CalL
YOUNG man. German, wants work~aa~porter
In saloon or hotel. Box 2000. Call.
A' FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady, short-
hour work. Address Barber, box 1887. CalL
EpUCATlUXAt.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 0CI-
025 Golden Gate ave.
PAOLO LA VILLA of Florence. Italy. Just ar-
rived; singing lessons, pure Italian method:
opera, oratorio, ballad, glee; accompanist for
concerts and drawing-room; special terms for
professionals. The Roosevelt, 540 Sutter st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 123« Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electriclty, 21 Post
St., 8. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1SG4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of. official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographer?. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business ColIege;Odd Fellows' bid.:
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, etc.; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.
DANCING — Professor Findlay has reopened his
Juvenile classes at Flndlay's Hall. 17th St.;
Saturday 2 to .'.; private lemons dally.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO. S30 California, r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club, fl per mo. P2S Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day "and
PARTINGTON'S. 424. Pine «t.— Night class.
PIANO lewons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEOROE~Aokl, 421 Post St.; tel. BusjTlia^
Japanese-Chinese employment office! fur-
nishes bt-st help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A — ORPHEUM \ Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42G Powell st. Tel. Main 0752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Loon Seung's. 4114 O'Farrell; tel. East 420.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like position
n« cook or take charge of child with party
who is going to Santa Cruz for the summer;
best of references. 1S27 Market st., room 5.
AN expert stenographer desires wfcrk all or
part of time; or will take charge of office for
privilege of taking in outside work. Box
1878. Call office. .
GERMAN girl wishes to do housework In
small family; no washing. Address MISS
MARIE SCHWARTING. Twenty-first ave..
near K et., 'Bouth. . .
YOUNG woman. . skilled in all lines of office
work, also experienced as manager, desires
responsible position. Box 1882, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress ' wants situation;
would take care of grown children or do
chamberwork. Address box 3304, Call office.
A YOUNG girl wishes place to do housework.
Call 1122 De Haro st.. Saturday.
RESPECTABLE ' woman wishes a position
In a private American family; good cook and
laundiess; likes children; moderate wages;
will give references. 204^ Tehama st.
WANTED — By middle-aged woman, work as
second cook, plain ror k or chambermaid;
' wages reasonable; understands all ' kind of
hotel work. Box 3252, Call.
SITUATION wanted by. middle-aged woman as
traveling - companion or nurse to one going
East via St. Louis;* reference*' exchanged.
Address box 1833.- Call' office. '¦ .
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and ironing by the day. Tuesdays. 1203 Val-
lojo st. ; no poatals. .
EXPERIENCED housekeeper; best references;
hotel; no objection to leaving the city. Box
4769. Call ofnee. ¦•¦¦¦". ¦'¦-.•.
TWO Scandinavian , girls desire situations at
1 .. general housework. Address 243 Steuart at.
THE CALL
JOKB P. SPBECgEIiS. Proprietor.
• ktsms Ccismcaiicis ia JCEI McSADGHT. Kanagsr
W. J. MARTIN ..Business Manager
TEX IXJLLAKS REWARD.
Notify Xtie Call Office IT You Sllss
Your Paper.
XX for sst cans* THE CALL Is not de-
tlT»r»d rernlarZr to subscribers please
call tip "CALL EZCEASGE" and notify
• Bubscrlptton Clerk In cnaxsr*. Tour com-
clalat will receive prompt attention.
A •tmdlntf reward ot Ten Dollars
<£10.00> is offered lor th« arrest and
conviction oS any on* caturnt steallnr
.SXE CAI.L.
TELEPHONE.
Aek for TB"E CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department Tou Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
" EdltorUi Booms 21 • to ~1 Stevenson et.
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week, 73
O*. Per Month. Sing-le Copies 6 Cts.
Tersa by Ma.ll Including roetage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILT CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year JS.OO
DAILT CALX> (includ. Sunday). 6 raoe 4.00
DA1LT CALJ^— By Slr.jrle Month T5c
SUXDAT CALX. 1 Tear 2.50
„ "REEKLT CALL, 1 Tear 1-00
r Daily... fS. 80 Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN J Sunday. 4.J5 Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. (^ Weekly. 1W> Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copn* Will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change cf ad-
tfress should lie particular to Bive both NEW
- AND OLD ADDKEfS in order to insure a
prompt and CL/rrect ecmjjliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broad way Telephone Main 10S3
BEF.KELET OFFICE:
C14S Certer 6tre*t Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Hott- 1 Barton
NEW -XOHK NEWS STAXT>S:
WeJdorf-Artor-.a Hotel: A. Brentaao. 31
'tCtSaa Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
cue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICACO NEWS STANDS:
, Sherman Houtt: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremcct House; Auditorium
» 2ictel; Palmer H'ouse. •
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXESS..Marq-jeite Bulldins
(Lofiff Distance Telephone. -Central 2C19.")
NEW TORlv REPRESENTATIVE:
" STEPHEN B. SMITH 'M Tribune Building
NEW YOVUZ. CORRESPONDENT:
C. C, CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
uctll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRA!CCH OFFICES:
. 30Os Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
31 p. m.
.127 Montgomery street, corner Clay; opea
until 9:30 r. m.
SOU Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
£33 McAllister Ftrettt; open until !>:30 p. m.
615 Larkin ttrert; orwn until 9:30 p. m.
- JJMl Mission street; open ur.til 10 p. m.
t~'"l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 'J 9- tn.
lf>6 Eleventh 5tr**t; open until 9 p. m.
JOTW; Valencia streel: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner '"fcureh and Duncan streets;
. oj>en ur.til 9 p. ra.
• Xrrthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets 1 ; cj"tn until 9 p. xn.
2200 Fillmore street.; open until 9 p. rn.
TO SUBSCRIBE :i?S r,KAVTXG TOWN
FOR THE SCSOIKH.
CALX, subscribers contemplating a
cnanre of reeilei ce during: the summer
months can have their caper forwarded
'. by mall to their aew address by notify*
Inr TEE CALL Business OSee. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
Skireat In all towns on the coast.
CIllKfH SERVICES.
REV. DR. CARRAIHNE. holiness evangelist,
will hold a series of meeting* at Penlel Mls-
" Bion Hall. 49 Tliird St. <entrance on Stevenson
"St.). May 6-lti. Sei-vice* 10:30 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. week days, 2:30 and 7:30 p. m. Sun-
days; firtt service Friday p. m. All invited.
MBJ2TU ti NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Cb&ptCT No. r.. R. A. M.. O
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN-"V\f
ING. May 7. at 7:?'» o'clock. M. M./V\
Decree. By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
MOUXT Moriah Lod-re No. 44. F. and ®
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (SAT- yV
I'RDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o # clock.
Third Decree.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodpe No. !O. F. and A. M. q
Called mfetlnr T3IIS iSATVRDAV) VY
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First De- /^^\
tiee. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
6T: ANDREWS R-K-iety — Annul,. X? *-
picnic to Fa'rfax Park on SATVR- 5^ (&Cf/2
DAY. May 7. Herat* will leave ferry TXXVjS
¦t * and 10 a. m. and at 1:45 p. m. st i?S.
t-'pe/clal returning: train leaves Fairfax at
S:30 p. m. Tickets for round trip, including
admission to the park, adult? 50c. children
2Sc. can be obtained from Messrs. John Reid
& Son. 7*« Geary Et.. and from John M. Dun-
can, !'.:¦¦• MlFsicn St.. or at Sausalito ferry
on date of jilcnlc.
P. LIVINGSTON Dt:NN. President.
J. BLACK. SecreUiT.
THE California Del;rig Commission fcavlnp re-
ceived application t<> mine by hydraulic pro-
rets from Vacinda Minine: Company In Va-
rinda mine, near Indian Dicg-lr.Ri'. El Dorado
Oour.ty. CaJ.. draining into . Cedar. Creek,
which reaches '"ofumnff River. £l\'f*s notice
that meeting will b* held at room ?*?> Flood
buildlnr. San Francisco, Cal.. May 23, 1004,
( at 1:30 p. m.
A WEEK'S newi for 5 cents— The Weekly Call!
¦ v 16 paces, in wrapper, for Railing. Jl per year.
ADOHTIO.f.
A. KgW-BOBM ha by boy for adoption. Call at
MRS. EATTLEU FIMOXP, 1713 Powell st.
AGICXTS WANTED.
WANTED — Men and women to represent a
Chicago house; esuiblisherl routes "of trade,
etc.; «-xperl*nre un:.«-<-e*sary: salary $C5 per
mo. and all «:*!;fi«. Address L..~ 011 Van
Ness ave.. San Fraacisco. Cal.
LADIES — For Gem raassage device and co«-
,. metlcf; city and country. 517 Taylor «t.
WEmstt. ~
HAVING recently acquired through "^xchanjjo
ot property three $4* scholarships In the best
. College of Advertising In the United States.
I m-lll tell them at 25 per cent discount for
cast; the college teaches advertislnc writ-
ing by ccrrefj^ondetice and asclsta its grad-
. - uate« to secure petitions; catalogue* fur-
nlthed on apMIcatloa. Address box 30M. CatL
ATTOK.MSVS-AT-LAW;
A PRIVATE, quick 4ivorc* for small fee
Eee me and «v» money; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
EftablUhed yrs.; rmt. 1. 2, 3, 4 & 5 lst't'
111:2 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor
Advice fre« all matters. Detectives employed]
ADVICE FREE ¦ "
Columbian Law i: Coll. Agcy., r. 85 S>"1
Market; 1 hone John C22e; open evenlni ¦
transacts at most reasonable rates all legit-
imate law boslnesa; bonds furnished in rlm-
lnal and dvtl ca»es : email collection* taken.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg
Cth floor, entrance room 611: established 20
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice: no fe« in advance or for consultation-
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 360L
ADVICE free; divorce costs J12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; efnee
open Eaturday evenings. 619 Market et.. r. 31.
DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly: call on us
'ere going elsewhere. Phone James 6221;
room 41. 910 Market st.. opposite Emporium.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
free ; open evenings. 927 Market st.. rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a rpeclalty; no publicity: adrlce
. free; cost* $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O.box 2199. 8. F.
I*' 6. CLARK. U27 Market St.; consultation
fret: no fees In advance: open evenings.
ASTHMft aaO3>T.
A Di Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly; 10c. 25c. Sue l<02 Market. St Nicholas.
Herald Square
Hotel Barton
Telephone North 77
A r y-x f r S~\ A IV T A T'fc A TV T T~N /~\ IV T A / /"~\ 1 TniirAnniPP WHEN YOUR
YOU CAN ABANDON YOUR WORRIES -wants—
....BRING YOUR WANT AD TO....
FOR INSERTION IN NEXT SUNDAY'S EDITION
1 THE S1X-IN^QN£1CE~PICK1
Cracks Ice on Scientific Principles. All Trained Nurses Use It and They Should Know.
SIMPLY PRESSING WILL DO IT.
> „ - > ' • - - - . - • ¦ • - * - - {
¦¦ ;.V->:::;: :;¦.; V;:X>:>i ; ;;::¦;, ¦¦•.¦¦/:•¦;:¦;. ;>;¦. //".I;.--: ¦¦ ,7 .¦ :¦ :'\ .;; :. -.4 V/- ¦rrivOi-.V*:.'^ • . ¦ .¦ 'Si* K- .-.'"i ; ' '. -^ ¦ '¦¦: ¦ : ' '¦¦¦¦'¦ '¦¦'¦ ¦¦ •¦': :¦ : V ¦¦¦¦ ¦'. ¦'-<¦ ' ¦:¦:'.'.'¦ : : :-:-:x : ¦;..: : . ¦ . ¦• :. ¦¦.. .::,.¦ :¦¦: - ¦ ' ' . . i
I
SIX-IN-ONE IGE PICK.
Like the Walker Cork Puller IT SETTLES AN ANNOYING HOUSEHOLD PROBLEM.
Its sharp, properly shaped, tempered steel point cracks ice as desired without noise or waste.
IT WILL ASTONISH YOU.
. Six extra points are contained in the handle. When the point becomes dull, put in another.
. . . IT IS EASY TO CHANGE POINTS . . .
This Useful Fremium Can Be Obtained by Bringing a Want Ad THURSDAY, FRIDAY or SATURDAY
for Insertion in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night In the year. ¦
' BRANCH OFFICES:
I . 1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m
uOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p.m.
, ' 639 McAllister street; op«n until 9:30 p. ra.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Marketstreet. corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. to.
I 106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m. mE==^
I 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second :«ad Kentucky streets; open until Sp.cn.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
I 111S Broadway Telephone Main 1083
' BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEOA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1004.
13
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. nnil Uafnrn.
FOLSOM. lixKhi. near Sixth — Room in prtv&ie
family. $4 50 per month. _
GEARY, 408 — 2 sunny, clean, nicely furnished
room?. t
GEARY. 660 — Elegant sunny frcnt bay-window
rooms; piano; other rooms: kitchen; reaaan.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission-^Rooma 33c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $8 wk.;- reading-room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
MISSION, 5ta— Front room, with double bed
, and stove: $5.
MISSION, 1232 — One lars?. sunny room: suit-
able for 2 men; also 1 single room. Inqulra
at grocery.
O'FARRELL. 126— Large sunny well furnished
front room, suitable for 2; also single room.
POST, "889. near Hyde— Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 ge^ts.
ROYAL House. 12tt Ellia— Incandescent lights.,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, ."^c to $1 60; week. $2
tt $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. '
THE ST. KATHRYN, NE. ccr. LeSvenworth
• and Ellls^ — Sunniest rooms In the city;' revr
hotel; just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses In every room; a'.so hot and eold
water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rooms from $3 per week up.
THE Mayflower. 308 Third— Nice quiet family
house; elegant rooms: 25c, SOc, 75c, $1 night.
TREAT ave., 816 — 3 rooms, pantry, closet, etc.,
for housekeeping.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In ever/
room; elevator.read.-rcom; free bus; baggage.
UNFURNISHED rooms, suitable for drejs-
making. ladies' tailor or light manufacturing.
Apply A. ROY HARRISON. 140 Geary st. ¦
VAN NESS ave.. 619— Elegant front parlor*
and adjoining suite for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable- 700 rooms:
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth St.— Rooms from 15o
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until H p. m.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
¦~"~ w HOTELr^ATTIMOREr ~ r ~ x ~ nwu "
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVAT5 EXCHANGE 70«.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1224— Elegant lares
front alcove room ; gas, bath, running water.
with board; suitable for 2; private family.
VAN NE£S ave.. 944— Board; room, table
board, sunny rooms; rates reasonable. Ellis
and Geary sta. cars; phone Hyie 4348.
HAWTHORNE. IS, off Howard, nr. 3d— Front
room with board: American fam.: $4 50 week.
HOWARD, 841A — First-class board & room.
slngla or double, $5 & $0 week: Amer. family.
HARRISON. ' 500. cor. First— First-class table
board; excellent cooking; $4 to $3 week.
ROOMS A.\n BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG man of good character wants fur-
nished room, with or without board, with re-
fined private family; congenial home desired;
t»rm«i mod.; give particulars. Box X2SH. Call.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ,
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
lns; Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market St.. opposite Third—
For the half yea- fudtng 31st of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at th<*
rate per annum of (12) twelve p«r cent on
capital stock and participating" certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIQ. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 63, of fifty cents
(50c) per shara on the Issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
2O«. Hayward building. San Francisco, on
May 10, 1904. Transfer books close May 3.
1904, at noon. C. C. QU1NN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 9, 5 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors or Pacific Cank at 405 Mont-
gomery St., room 6. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
SEWING .MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
AT half or one-third price you can buy a new
White sewlag machine that Is sllshtly shop
worn, at our city offices. 300 Post it.. 1841
Fillmore and 70S Valencia st.
ItENT the best: we have 100 new White sew-
ing machines for rent at $2 per month.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO.. 30© Post
st.: telephone Black 1106. |
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use;
best Is cheapest; second-hand all make* at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Pomestlo office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our new triple- feed ma-
chines: sllgbtlT used: $10 $13. $20: second-
hand. $3 $3 $3; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home S«wlng Machine Co.. 1031 Market su
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method*: 1 week's treat-
ment free Dr. Cottingham 204 Sutter st.
—^"*™ -~~— ' "™ — — — ~™~^ — —^_g
ITORAGP. AND WABEHOCSM^
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van'
Ness; office 1236 Market, r. 84; tel. South 730l
A— EMPORIUM Storage St Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723>
731 Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Grant 16L
PJFRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell »ts.: tel. Prtv. Ex. 57L
CONKXJN*8 Storage — Furniture and merchau-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12ft. ,
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgome-y
St.; tel. Main IMP. Shipping at cut nta*.
STUTTERING A N PST A ¦¦*****£**£•
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness * Market.
promises cure if in fair health; hours 1 to 3.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were tisrueii
yesterday:
Jacob S. Hermann. 21, city, and Marian
Livingston. IS. city.
William Brooke. 47. San Jose, and Mary A.
Gordon. 88. Seattle.
Walter F. Axford. 29. 1MO Noe street, and
Alma Lindo, 2S. UDO Noe street.
Louis D. Soencer. 24. 87* Halght street, and
Pearl K. Lane. 2O. K2S Geary Mreet.
EIBTHS— MAEEIABES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the Dubllcatton offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of chant*. .
BOK.\.
KREISS— In this city. May 5. 1004. to the
wife of Edward C. Kreisa. a son.
MARRIED.
COLEMAN— COLEMAN— In this city. May 2.
1904. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. John W.
Coleman and Fredreka Pylad Coleman, both
of this city.
KOEGEL— McDERMOTT— In this city. May
5. 1004. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. J. Clar-
ence KcH-cel and Clara XcDennott, both of
Sacramento, Cal.
REEVE— GRAVES— In thi« city. April 3t>.
l!»04. by the Rer. D. J. Evans, C. C. V.
Reeve and Ella B. Graves, bath of Alameda.
died;
Baker. John H. Jelinski. Aaron
Bradley, Sophia LarRey. James
Buzzini. Joseph Lowry. Isabella -
Condrey. John B. Mahoney, Richard J.-
Corthay, Anita L. McAuliffe, Jamn
Creighton. Thoa. F. McCarthy, Joseph
Damon. Anna A. McNamara. Tlrrotny
Dasha. William F. Muller. Henry W.
Davidson Thomas Smith. Edwin T.
Drummond. Stephen Souper-. Eliza
Eby. Eleanor M. Tannlan. Ann
Fauss Otto Trencuth. George J.
Flnlc Frtddle Truff. Daniel
Fos Isidore Valentine. Susannah
Glrvin , Charles Watkln*. Lloyd P. :.
Greer. William J. Zimmerman. Mary
BAKER— In Oakland. May 6. 1004. John U..
beloved husband of Elizabeth Baker, and
father o* J. H. and George Baker, Mrs. H.
- Continued on Page Fourteen.
9IISCELL WKOCJi — KOK. SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN ¦
TOSH A WOLPMAN. VP5-1U7 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOK LEAI<1 ™ ~~~~*
Repair'U with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or F.hinjrle?; beat for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, «haftin£, etc., etc., bought, sold,,
rented aiii exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal ftod shingle
rcof» with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; ;el. Main 1428.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orlg-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, chatting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear- at.
CLOSING out entire stock wood novelties and
fixtures below cost. R. DUNNING. f57
Geary st.
FOR eale — 10,000 square feet of corrugated gal-
vanized iron and all kinds of building lumber
at 105 Steuart Ft., near Mission.
FOR pale— 100 H. P. firebox marine boiler in
flae condition; cheap. Bay City Iron Works,
Oakland.
ALTERATION sale— Bv-st $2 50 hats, ?1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 30 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
changes. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SIX H. P. uas engine for sale. BAY CITY
IRON WORKS, Oakland;
SHOW case, plate glass, 7 feet, cheap; circle
frcnt dentist's display case. 10 Mason st.
FINE freeh cow and calf; very gentle. 409
Clipper st., near Castro.
EDISON. Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacigalupi.
moved to 786 Mission st.
GOOD brickitfaking machine with 28 molds.
Chris-tman Bros.. 11th & St. James. San Jose.
SECOND-HAND cafes. $55; 60-lnch desk. $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market Bt. _.
GRAND Imported tumbler pigeon- (rollers),
cheap while they last. Wilson, 229 Stevonson.
PIPE, eecond-hand, ail sizes; brass and Iron
fittings. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
IMPROVED Wood printing pres«es. gasoline
engines. Boyer Machine Works. 46 Spear st.
ROUND campinc tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x10. 319 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on pecend-hand typewriters ;* all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mont.'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mrkt.TeI.Bush 838
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. 01 McAllister st.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN, 803 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, new and eecond-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st.
SOME good Eecond-hand gasoline engines, 1 to-
12 h. p.. cheap." E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second- hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard.i Breck. 131 Post_#t.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ••
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
INSURANCE agencies (every class of risk)
wanted by thoroughly competent real estate
agent; excellent references. Address E.
COWPER-THWAITE, Stockton.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building in 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
MORRIS gives hlgnest prices for ladles' and
gents' casteff clothing; postal. 943 Foisom.
SHOES wanted: misfit Sc castoff; highest prca.;
row <r ?rt-han<1 shoes fnr nal*. 74!) Ml^lon.
3I1IXKV TO 1MAS.
AAA— HERMAN M URPHY,
COl-602-603 Examlner-Baildlnic.
Quick cettlements: no disappolntmenliT
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; alignments of rents; property In trus>t,
tic; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property parchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY/
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 6V4 AND 0 PER CENT
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on city, Oakland, town
and country real estate.
Second mortgages, estates in probate, undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property la
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
107-8-9 crocker building.
post and market st3.
wFll~loan
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or "A ,
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, , town
cr country.
Low rate of. interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
A. A DO YOU NEED MONET? 1 1
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval; lewest rates and easiest plan In city:
don't hesitate to call; information cheerfully
given; no publicity: reliable and square deal-
ing. PEOPLE'S TRUST CO..
625 MARKET ST.. ROOM 462, PARROTT Bldg
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Piirrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry 'store,
84« Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
it. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskin*
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton ;phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant?, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In
40 principal cities. Tolman, S53 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
•t. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prjvacyjno commlEElon;installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St., no. 7.
MCNEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HEETHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. .
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103% Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL I/JAN OFFICE. 103~ Grant a~e..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW* easy method — To wage earners on untn-
dcrsed notes ; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bid*.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
1 PER cent' on furniture or plr.no. 1003 Mutual
•Savings Bank building. 708 Market st. v
IVi per cent on furniture and pianos; no con.
charged. ELFVINOreiO Hearst b!dg.. Ex. ent.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2' per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. CSS Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on not«s without
lndorser. MORELL. 609 Exam'ner building.
MUSICAL IXSTKUMKXTS.
A FEW* BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
One Erard; nice condition.. $50
One Engllth Le Blond: good order........ $75
One Sterling; cost $325; new $163
One Leins, walnut case; fine order. .....$175
On«. Chlckeringi mahogany case. ....... .$250
One Knabe, used one year, 'latest style; one
Stelaway. used 2 years, latest style;' one
Vose mahogany case, used S months; also 1
new piano, mahogany case, three strings, lat-
est style, upright grand, $147 50.
$10-t — Squares $10.
Emerson, Kurtzman, Cummings, Hallet & Da-
vis. Steinway, Kranlch & Bach, Haines and 40
others from $10 up; easy payments — guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 10 O'Farrell.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con. "
PIANOS for rent: $3. per month; the largest
and best stock* in San Francisco to select
frcm; pianos from$UO upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
I PIANO CO.. fJeO-C4 Hayes st. ,
RENTING ia cur specialty; $2 up; apply on
purchase; installments $4 up. HEIND
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.; Oakland. 1252
Broad way.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$.5; uprights. $100 up; organs, $23. BYRON
MAUZY, 303 Post st.
j IF you want bargains come how; pianos almost
given away. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
$165 — STEINWAY .upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister St.
3-PEDAL Steinway up: Checkering baby grand;
Shonlnger, .littie,used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY 30S-312 Post st
OFKICEJT-AND STOKES TO LET.
DENTIST'S office for rent: $20; established;
common reception-room with physician. 1508
Market st. \
FINE hall for lodges, meetings, etc. ;1 to 4 times
a week; cheap. Room/C, Odd Fellows' bldg.
rj^^s^PA*. ----
CHIEF of Police Wittman has received the
following dispatch: "Advertise in all papers
until located for HOWARD FILIATREAU,
age 20, well dressed, nice looking-, dark .com-
plexion, small scar left cheek, emerald ring
second fingsr, baggage,' steamer trunk, suit
case; engaged room -about April 18. Hos-
pitals take notice. Phone any, information
to Chief of Police. Ask your special atten-
tion. Wire me results. N. I. NEARING,
Chief of Police. Grand "Junction, Colo."
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The num,ber, 781 O'Farrell st.. near Larkin.
Call or write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
rleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1838 Polk.
A — MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh,
' cold In the head, hay fever, headache and all
"•s. bronchial affections: send tor free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 9th.
ATTENTION — Cut this out; superfluous hair,
moles, warts killed by absorption; $1; per-
manent. B. ST. JOHN, hair, face speciailbt,
631 Sutter st.
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood (affecting
. ekln, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for su.'ts. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugi dis-
eases positively cured by WJllow Bark Co.,
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 50, pojt
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary. S.F.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (inc.), tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 10th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes play books, trigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.'
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyption Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
PAIi-MISTHY.
H. JEROME F'OSELLI, scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black Bfil.
PAINTIK0-. PAPEaHANGIKG, ETC,
PAINTERS, paper-hangers, signwrltcrs want
work; prices moderate. 1272 Foisom Et.
Phone Mlr.t 131. _^^
FATEM'TSr^ ~
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
FHYSICIAXS AND Sl'ItUEOX*.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 V, Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD . skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 607 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Hay and Oats, Office Depot
Quartermaster, San Francisco, Cal., 36 New
Montgomery St., May 6, 1904 — Sealed proposals
In triplicate, subject to the usual conditions,
will be received hero until 12 o'clock noon,
June 4, 1904. and then opened, for furnish-
ing and delivering at San Francisco. Cal.,
Seattle, Wash., and Portland, Ore, thirty-
eight hundred and seventy-six (3876) tons of
hay, fifty-six hundred and twelve (5612) tons
of oats, subject to an Increase or decrease ofj
26 per" cent. United States reserves the
right to nccopt or reject any or all bids, or
any part thereof. Further information and
blank proposals furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be marked
Proposals for Hay and Oats No. "3607" and
. addressed to Major C. A. Devol, Q. M., U. S.
Army. Depot Quartermaster.
OFFICE of C. Q. "M.. Vancouver Barracks, -
Wash., May 3, 1904— Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until H
o'clock a. m.. June 2, 1904, for furnishing
forage and bedding at ' posts In Alaska for
year ending June 30, l»05. Information fur-
' nis-hed here or by quartermasters' at posts.
U. S. reserves the right, to reject or accept
,any or all proposals or any part thereof.
Envelopes containing proposals should be
market! "Propoeals for Fftrage and Bed-
ding at i 7" and addressed to undersigned.
F. Q. HODGSON. C. Q. M.
SEALED proposals will be received at the
office of the Lighthouse Engineer, 01* Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., until 12
o'clock m., June 2, 1904. and then opened,
for building & fireproof oilhouee, 33 by 70
feet. Including the preparation of the ground
and the erection of a retaining wall, at
Yerba Buena Island, Cal., in accordance with
specifications, copies of which, with blank
proposals and other Information, may be had
upon application to THOS. H. HANDBURY,
Lieutenant Colonel, Corps of Engineers,
U. S. A.. Engineer. : - . . ¦¦
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the Lighthouse Engineer, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock m., standard
time, June 8, 1904, and then opened, for the
construction of a steel tower upon a concrete
base Xor a light and fog signal station on
Mile Rock, entrance to San Francisco harbor,
Cal. in accordance with specifications copies
of which, with blank proposals and other In-
formation, may be bad upon application to
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Handbury,
Corps of Engineers. U. S. A.. Engineer.
BONDS for sale — Notice is hereby given that
sealed bids will be received until 2 .o'clock
p. m.. Saturday, May 28. 1804, by the Board
of Control of the Territory of Arizona, at the
office of said board In the City of Phoenix,
Arizona * for the ' sale of Ten Bonds of the
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each,
bearing date January V 1004, due and pay-
able January 1. 1954. bearing interest at the
rate of five per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five , years. Issued by the Ter-
ritory : of Arizona, In accordance with the
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-sec-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act' has- been approved . by the
Congress of the United States. Interest on
said bonds will be paid seml-annually on
the first day of January and, July of each
".-year and both principal and interest payable
In gold coin of the- United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible bank for S
per cent of . the amount of the bid, ¦: payable
to the . order of E. . E. Klrkland, . Territorial
Treasurer, - and - a copy of this advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment In full upon allotment and
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of. the check'
accompany Ing. the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must.be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Rnnrt*"- . ¦:-.-..- ,,¦•;.•¦-,• .-.«.-¦:• •;.;.->-¦ ••- - .
HKLP WAKTEP — 3IALK — Con.
A— PA CI KIC E1IPLOYMENT AGENCY?
«J3J< Commercia! st. — CIS.
I'hone Main 11B1 — Near Kcarny st. \
NEVADA— Free fare !f you stay 4 months.
cheap fare, fee $1— <Jo laborers, teamsters and
nrkmrn, $2 to $2 25 day. ship to-niRht—
NEVADA. FREE FARE, neer city, S hours
—20 laborers, long: job, S hours, $2 day.
FREE'I-'ARi:. nrar city, R. R. work. FEE $1
— 1<> teamsters. 10 laborers, FEE $L Hun-
dreds of other jobs; see us. 2 tunnel men,
north, co. work, $SK).
j WANTED — Young man who U thoroughly ex-
perienced In mendlne jewelry, watches and
clocks, also corr.twtcnt to SsU: state age. ex.
perlonce and salary expected. Apply box
J'oSO. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers nnd mechanics to know
that Ed Ro'kin. R«=no House proprietor, has
added ICO new rooroa to the Denver House.
217 Third et.; 250 rooms; 25c to GOc per nipnt.
GENTLEMAN to solicit for weekly paper In
licrthern part of city. Apply 519 Filbert fct.
BUSHELMAN wanted. J. T. ENGLISH. Point
Richmond, Cal.
OLD established two-chair barber-shop for
sale. DECKEU1A.\ BROS.. 100 Ellis st.
3-CHA1R barber shop; first-class business; a
good chance. Apply Call office^ .
SAILORS ar.d young men (jrreen hands) for
Khlpa. H A LLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected: euits. attachments.
Law ar.d Adjustment Co., S28 Montgyyr. 415.
YOUNG man to learr. barber trade; wages
while iearnln*. 741A Howard Et.
Pension Atty., E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Pheian bldg.
P8St Com! Geo. H. Thomas Poet, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hote!. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 70t» rooms: 35c night: reading-rooms;
free 'bus ar.cj bacrage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr the reception
cf advertisement* end subscriptions has be^n
opened at 100S Marliet st., opposite Fifth.
Optn until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ac
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shews half-soled while waiting: 25c
to Me. Cfi3 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOUSES AM) WAGO.MS.
SECOND-HAND Toomey pneumatic cart, rub-
ber-tire phaeton, platform gear fulltop su •-
rey, open hack, rubber-ttre coupe, tandem
cart, pneumatic and solid-tire bail-bearinj,'
buggrits. cheaji at O'BRIEN'S, Polk st. and
Golden Gate ave.
A CARLOAD* handled geldings, weight 1000
to 1350, from Churchill Company's ranciiea,
at CHASE'S, 1732 Market st.
BARGAIN — Rubber-tired runabout, with, um-
brella top; also rubber-tired surrey and sln-
K'.e set harness for sal?. Box 1S70. Ca!I.
One 3-ton platform wagon, one 12-foot platform
furniture wagon and three spring wagons of
all kinds. 1501-1503 Folfom et.
FINE river bottom pasturape; green feeii. year
rcund: near Black Diamond, Contra Xosta
County. Nucleus Stables. J90 Stevenson. S. F.
SAX FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
eesticn begins June fi. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELET. 610 Golden Gate ave.
4 TRUCK horses cheap; seen any time corner
Army and Mlssruri sts.
CAMPING wagon; great for theatrical travel-
ers. 127 Turk it.; owner at C40 Howard st.
ALL kinds of buggies, surreys, wagons, carts,
new ar.d old. cheap. 1504-8 Foisom st.
HORSES of all grrades botUEbt, sold and «i-
1 changed. H. ATKINSON. C5 Hermann St.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
r.ess. work and driving horseg. lfith-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
PERRY. 204, near Fourth — J7; hcuse of 3
rooms; water free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO.. 20 Montgomery ?t.
ItOv>!£!» TO LKT — Kl KNiMlISn.
MAGNIFICENT marine view; eight rooms,
bath. bi!llard-room, large garden, low rent;
block from Hyde-street cara. See SHAIN-
WALD. BUCK BEE. Mill* building.
COMPLETELY furnished hou?e; large, sunny
nxires; bath, large yard.basement. 104 Pierce,
nr. Haight; references required. Inquire a-12
& ra.. -i-7 p.m. .cr .207 Examiner building.
DESIRABLE 2-Etory furnished house. with
baseir.ent and attic; sun all day; rent $75.
M5 Ashbury Bt.
TO rent — Whole or part nicely furnished house;
8 rooms; all sunny. 1015 Gough st.. U to 5.
HOUSES FL'IIMSUEI) — FOR SALE.
7-ROOM house; newlv furnished: all roomi
sunny: no agents: price $7>K>. 312 Mason st.
X.AUBTCSE3 FOB 2XXGE.
C. A- McNEILL LAUNCH~c6TrfooTorCTay'
et.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. M'chaeliB Launch Co.. Unlon-st. wharf;boat-
lrg fc excursions. 5 Steuart st.; tel. John 2'^S<>.
LOST AMI I'OU.MJ.
LOST — In vicinity or Golden Gate Park a lady's
1 gold watch and pin holder in shape of a
peacock; diamonds on each. Return to 2.'J5
Kearny et., room '.'.2, before 12 m. ; no ques-
tions asked: liberal reward.
WILL gentleman who found small purse on
seat of McAllister street car between 11:30
and 32 p. m. Wednesday. May 4. on way
from Chutes kindly return to widow, 3364
Seventeenth st. and receive reward.
LOST— About April 25. a white bull terrier
with two black spots on each ear; answers
to name of Hector; suitable reward will be
paid for return. Apply subscription window,
Call business office.
$50 REWARD; diamond stud; lost near corner
Eddy and Powell ets., Monday. Return to
room 308. Adams House, 2U Eddy St.; no
questions asked.
LOST— Thursday, gold medal Inscribed A P
P. B., on th<? front; it has a'.so A. M. Car-
valho above the medal; reward. Return 5S
Jackson tt.
IF the messenger boy does | not return the
bicycle taken from 307 Sansome st. he will
be arrested.
$25 REWARD: pair round cuff buttons, black
enameled, inlaid with' diamond stars. Palace
cf Art, IS Poet st.
LOST— Diamond ring on Market, near 8th; $20
reward by returning to CHARLES THOMP-
SON. 225 Crossley building.
' LOST— Gold garter buckle. Initials M. S. B.
Suitable reward at 252 Leavenworth st. .
! LOST — Paper wallet: papers of no value only
» to owner. Liberal reward, return 67 Eighth.
LOST — Diamond bar pin. Finder will t>e lib-
crally rewarded by returning to 2120 Jacksun.
FOUND — Llewtllyn setter - dog; owner can
have came by paying expense*. 21S Day st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, rent to any address In the
United Staten cr Canada one yg»r for ti.
/ MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant feee. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all
female disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
7«;2 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH, Epeclallst for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years* experience. S2o Post st.
MRS. LR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male trouble* and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1OO8V4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are tick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market et.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
tpeclalist; a private home before and during
coancement: be«t medical care; low fees. .
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetric*, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 8;'23 yrs. exper.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
Premises, is permanently located at 611 A
.eavenworth st.. bet. Geary and O'FarrelL
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded; confidential.
DR. EMILIA FUNKE. 141tt 8th st.,: Alameda.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folscm St., corner
26th: ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
yon can obtain relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market «t.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1, j
postage paid.
. > ¦ ¦- " '¦ ' . ¦ - ¦
¦ • ?* ELI * WASTED — MALE— Con.
'. *A'— MURRAY & aCADY. ««4-<-JC Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WB SfEAK
• . • SPANISH. SWISS, FRENCH.
GEHMAN, GRliKK, ITALIAN.
' Your iare free. Lwk— Free fare.
TO STATE OF NEVADA.
If yuu ttay lour months THAT'S ALL.
,.\ r l ~ £ - GOVKRXMENT "WORK.
2<^5 iv.-o-hor*e teamsters $0"-'.
150 laborers, you'll suit. (<M.
!'j» drillers, nv?km<n, hammersmen. $75.
Eight hours' work; hundreds gc:ng.
IN CALIFORNIA—
»5 labor»-rF big mine company, $75, .*G7 50.
TO FARMS, DAIRIES. ETC.
12t> farm, on-hard and vineyard hands, u!l
nvtr California. $25, $2»3, S'J'f. $ ; >5 and founi.
Si> good teamsters. $_<i. $3it and found.
50 milkers located eveij m1tet% $30, $o5 fd.
MECHANICAL.
ti ocojier*.
11 tallymen, luralrf-r.ocmi.any. $3 a day.
12 blacksmiths different jobs.
WOODCHOPPERS.
—5 men to cut w.vxi all over California.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
IS cooks for hotels, saJoons. mines, cafes,
.ram he* and |-»-™~- resorts, $3'», $40, $50
and $'¦<> and found.
IN waiters, diffirvnt Jc4». $2Ti. $30, $35 fd.
12 dishwashers. S2'\ $¦-."> and $30 and found.
.3 hotel porters $20 t'~'< and found.
LAUNDHYMKN.
• - l^undrym-in. city institution. $35 and found.
" CarrinPf painter; sticker hand, $4 a day.
" . BOYS.
.12 boys, box factories, $50.
Doable-cot band tawyer. lumber company,
- ' " MURRAY & READY, C34-C5r, Clay s'_
BEN'"" ta*D4s; planer hand.
Moli'er and sticker har.d; door molder.
6 onouera. 9c barrel.
* G- .is edfcrmaji fare H 25, $55 to $70 fd.
SPECIAL.
« plumbers, fc hours, country. $4 day.
. 3 plasterers, S hours, country. $."> day.
. _5 oErpenterp, K hours, country, $3 N) day.
"• -T psperhangers. fc> hours, country. $4 day.
' # 1" iainU-rc. S hours, country. $•'< W) day.
' fhir.jrl* packer, boss here. $40 found.
Tinsmiths city, $3 to ?4 day.
.• Hlar-k*mlth, no shoeing, fure $1 25. $3 day.
Farmer and wife. San Mateo Co., $40 found.
• ''2 <1oor moMerf, L. Co., boss here. SOc fare,
• ' J?_ 50 to $3.
"•Screw turner. S. C Ov. *75.
LAUNDRYMKN.
* . 2 markers, country. $1S «<v;k.
Second markfr. country, f IS week.
Polinher. cour.tr>'. $15 »'eek.
Ptlrker harrtn. <v>untry mill: blacksorith,
• country «=hop; 3 bemh hands, country plan-
ing mill.
" bnya. work in machine *hop, $4 w«k.
- IS haym'akers. $32 SO found.
-. <"nrr;are painter, country.
Milker ?5c fare. f.",5 found.
, Doub>-ti*e fhaper and epindle ehaper.$3 day
Milker. r!ty dairy. ?4<> found.
3 hor*e*hr*>n«. city and country. $4 day.
Carriage painter, fare $1 50. plain work.
$-1 56 day.
Coachman. $.10 ar.<1 found.
. 'fWond r.«ker. bread Santa Cruz, $35 found.
Porter. nr*t-rIaRs city hotel. S25 found.
Butter-maker. chee«*>maker. $40 and found.
. • Grrmftn baker's helper. $_."» and found.
• Cut -oil sawyer, $2 "5 day.
1 rioj-teylioers. camp, 5iV\ $3.
2 blacksmith helpers. 35c far*. f2 50 day.
• • 2 ~podtet>ders, lumber company. $50 found.
Shinpie packer: machinist, country factory.
•$:{ day: 14 porters*, hotels. «*alrHifi!=, S2O to J35
*s«ifl found; IS haymakers, fare $1. $1 25 day.
2 dopgers for mitl. boys here.
. "* P< rf w turner. Preseott, f.sam swift mill.
r • Sawyer, pine. Mill Hill. r.iKger surf rig band.
Edirerrnnn. fare $1 CO. $45 and found.
P>!ackyrr.Un heliier. Alameda County. $2 to.
il 5o day.
>Ian understands pipe insulating, asbestos,
f2 r>O to ?2 TS day.
. Machinfrt. lathe hand $3 <3ay.
• 4 hhir.rlers, *1 /p^r lOOO. .'..-«• fare.
15 HAYMAKERS,
$4 -'5 to $1 50 day and found.
• I.etterer end stri;*r. Monterey County,
.^"h^elwripht. 5<ic fare. $. r .O found.
. 'Ptableman. vineyard company. $.'55 found.
•' Vaquero. fare $1 5". $30 found.
Blacksmith. mar.f. co.. fare $1 50. $3 SO day.
LOOS'
Bartender, y-mrur man. fare $3. $50 & found.
Your.c man. procf ry store. $ 15 to 820 found.
Plain cook. camp. city. $40 found.
„ rain?«-r. cjty corporation. ?2 25 day.
Clinch man. fare 3fte, $30 found.
M1RRAT & RKADT. C34 and <T>« Cay et.
¦GnXDOV dresp'r and card writer, for country
.-tcTf. ?2."i a »wk; rt millwrights, Boir.g
was'*, see noFS !n city to-day: 2 wat'on.
*" makers. ?2 W» end $3 day: man handy with
tT'ls. for ctuh. $r.O ; 'j farmers and wive*.
$47 50 a.r.d S5<i and found; S farmers. SI 25
«.':&y. pee iiosc h»re: laundry man. for country
InsUtBtJoB, poirg' wages: carriage black-
smith, country: <!oor molders, and others.
J. F. CROSETT &. CO.. «2S Sacramento et.
WANTED — Cook and wife, for Interior hotel.
• "$7<i: ctjok. $40; cook. $10 a wctk: bread-
maker $15 a week, country: kitchen m'n
. and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., *S2S
taoranunto st.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCT.
T>5 Third st. Telephone Main T.521.
•~ Nevada; teamsters $2 25; cheap fare: 8 hrs.
Nevada: laborers, t'2: cheap fare: H hours.
• FirFt-ciafs sash and door machine man $3 50
Uenrh hand* and cabinet makers. S3 50.
'. KtaMemcn. eitj\ $2 5O: coopers. $2 5O, nr cty
•Shic»r> bolt cutters. Sonoma Co.: $1 SO cord.
Voodobonpers, $1 25, $1 fl<> cord; flr, pino.
Blacksmith. Mendocino Co.; ?3.
. Cook and helper, ?rtS; cook. ?4."5.
.Prillers. tunnel, Cal.: $2 &0. free far?.
• Ranch hands. Sonoma Co. : $1 and found.
Railroad teamsters, Cal.. ?2 25; lorsr Job.
HORD ft SMITH.
A— L U
• Men to !*arn the barber trade !n two months i
and rr <-;-*¦ good positions; catalogue and full
•' lrfortratlon mailed free. MOLER System
C«!I*«;e. e35 Clay et.
'HONEST man for plain accounts and coMect-
•. inr. etc.; permanent; references and some
¦ • .ca*h nec*s*ary: ' alary and commission; no
• trlflers Call or adJress 14 McAllister et.,
', ' -'euite 10.
'GOVERNMENT porlUcns— Call at 825 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free informaticn as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
.or c: enines.
SV ANTED — Experienced fumlihlnr good*
••• Fal<y-m'n. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 74O
• Market st.
• "WANTED — A man. upholsterer preferred, to
*sk«> interest In furniture store. Inquire 629
Eart Main «.. Stockton, Cal.
tVANTED— A tood military tailor on blouses;
«eady work the year round. 916 Market St.,
Room F2.
— An experienced wrapper. JOE
• ROSENBERG, The Price Cutter. 616 Market.
CAKH bovs want'-d. Apply superintendent's
-oiflce, the Emporium.
. .COLORED ley to work In store; $8 CO weeku
;• WOLF A FRANK, 232 Kearny tt.
JVAREER want<-d Saturday and Sunday. 252
¦ •' Elite st.
T5ARBER for Sat-jrday and Sunday. 1357 Du-
• pont rt.
y>' A NTEL*— Barber. Faturday afternoon and
¦•• • Sunday. 237 H, Fifth tt.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and J?«#day.
. * S02 Ssmome st.
A WOD harbr for Saturday and Sunday.
. -5_* Broadwfav,
FAILORfc' and ordinary sraroen for all parts of
.the world at HERMAN'S. _7 Steuart et.
M.EN for deep-water ehlpt . come early to
HERMANN'S. 27 Pteuart st.
WANTED — Firet-clats iu>hc>!»t«»rers C HAY-
. ' N*ERT. 40 I-lMn et.. fourth floor.
. 'JX'FHWASHER wanted. -W~McAlUstet~st~
. . sbove Hyd*.
• OfOK. short order, for saloon. CLACK'S
• Market and Gouf?* sts.
•TO let for barber-shop; nice room; good loca-
tion; cheap. Inquire f»GO Shotwell st.
• FOR sale— Gtxid paying barber-*hop. 3147
ct.
FOH pale at 1007 Howard et.. city, two barber
•hairs; cnaD.
WANTED — Experienced wachgoods salesman
Ayply at HALE BROS.', btt. U and 11 a. m.
• •'WANTED — Cashboys from 13 to 15 years of
• • are. A 1 1 ly at HALE BROS.', between 3
II ». m.
WANTED — A competent hotel clerk for first-
T cites country hotel; state experience and sal-
cry <xpecttd; references required. Box l!nK>,
• -__C*H ofnoe.
THOROT'GHLY practical cloihinr sale-man
warted; none other need aoply. fi. N.
' Vt'OOD A CO.. 740 Market St. "
. WANTED— Tour* man to work in grocery.
.HOFFMAN EROS., cor. Twenty-fourth and
Ch*fch rts.
' Mf:N and women - -anted to learn the barber
trade, frt* of chare:.-. Western College of
Harbert. fc47 Comerclal st.
FOR ea.:e— Barber ehop: 3 chairs; rood bu«l-
riftfj ; fine location; lease; no snide business;
• fsap 211 Sixth st. .
t^(Y cur men's ehoec, union tnade, at $1 and
fl 60 pair; foct-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
• «»prt-ts or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
KAKTED- Blacksmith to repair wagons, etc.
>ouneetith ave. aad N et. south.
t75— MAN wanted; 90 night er Sunday work.
Call 229 Fifth St. '
SAT^p IED . THE GALL CAN RtNDCR YOU THIS SERVICE
real estate—city for sale.
wTjTgunn! . •
630 california st..
Savings Union building.
CHOICE CORNER LOTS IN WESTERN
ADDITION.
$10,000— Webster-st. cor.. 110x100; well located,
marine view; east side street; cars pass.
$2.100— Webster-st. cor.. 25x100.
$2.500 — Union st., NE. cor.; 25x100; very
' cheap: in Installments.
$4.000— Scott-st.. cor.; €8:9x122.
$13.000 — Scott-st. cor.; 137:«xI2«.
$300 per foot — Green St.. NE. cor.; 42x137:6.
CORNERS NORTH OF THE PARK — THE
CHOICEST IN RICHMOND.
$3.000— Tenth ave.; NW. cor.; 57:6x100.
$3,400— Seventh ave.: NW. cor.; 57:6x100.
$1.800— Lake st.; SW. cor.; 32:6x100.
$0,250— Clement and Eleventh ave.; SW. cor.;
75x120.
$4.250— Clement and Twelfth ave.: NE. cor.;
50x120: Just offered for sale, and a great
many inquiries have been made about it.
which goes to show that a NE. corner
located like this will be a good Invest-
ment If improved with flats; a sunity
corner, with pretty marine view; go and
examine it and take your architect along.
$3 650— Clement and Tenth ave.: NE. business
corner, 32:6x100. offered for the first
time; just go and look at this lot; satisfy
yourself; a grand sunny corner: good for
steady Income; store and sunny flats
above; 12 Inquiries In 3 days; there must
be something attractive about It.
$5,000— Clement St.; NE. business comer; 32:6
xlOO; the best business corner in Rich-
mond and well worth the price asked;
we almost had It sold this week, but
the buyer wanted It at just a. little less.
LOTS NORTH OF THE PARK.
$3.750— Clement st. ; 3 business lots, 26x113;
a fine buy; very cheap.
$1.600— Sixth ave., r.ear Lake; 25x120
$950 for botli — Twenty-second ave., W. side,
225 S. from Point Lobos: 2 lots.
¦ $1,100 each— Eleventh ave.. near Clement; 2
lots. 25x120.
$l.GT>0— California st.: 25x100.
$250^ — Twenty-seventh ave.; 23x120.
We will submit any offer that may be made
on any of the above properties.
W. J. GUNN. 630 CALIFORNIA ST.
REAL ESTATE — Coantrr — far »•!»,
5227 ACRES, Merced River, Merced County.
Cal.. appraised by court at $71,000. assessed
by County Assessor at $40,000, offered for
$50,000; 1 to 4 years' time, 6 per cent; 900
acres level grain, fruit and alfalfa land: 4327
acres rolling, grazing and grain land; Mer>
\ced River passes through land; 900 acre* can
te Irrigated, water free; no royalties; Im-
provements good: school one mile, church
and town three miles; on direct road to Yo-
semite; must be sold to close estate; a bar-
gain; the profits from these lands made the
former owner rich; fine rains, everything
green and growing now. See maps and pho-
tos at Punnett Bros.. San Francisco. Address
J. W. KNOX, Attorney-at-Law, Merced. Cal.
GREAT bargain — Rich. Irrigated fsrms; big
canal; free water right: very cheap: **»r
terms; homeaeeker*s opportunity. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market St.
1400 ACRES at $6 50 per acre; only 90 miles
from San Francisco; to close up an. estate;
see owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
INGE, 108 Jessie St., San Francisco.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
vineyard! 1 : inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logu$T «ent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 643
Market st.
FOR sale or exchange: '2-story cottage and
grounds; 30 miles from city. 632 Broderick.
ALAMEDA ADVEBTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES.
$2650^HOUSE "of 7~rooms; Iot~50xl50; street
work and sidewalk complete. J. H. YOUNG,
1243 Park St., Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
\A. SNAP in Linda Vista Terrace; lot 67x125;
street work, sewer, gas, water all done: $2000.
How is this for choice lots on Piedmont ave. ;
$900 each; street work, sewer, gas, water all
done.
On Telegraph ave. I have a good lot, 50x100;
street work all done; $3750.
Now is your chance to buy a home where
one has left never to return, house being too
large now; beautiful terraced lawn, flowers and
a view that can hardly be beaten; 10 rooms,
bath, all the modern conveniences of a fine
house; price $5200; call and let me show you
this.
A beautiful home on Fifth ave.. East Oak-
land; 8 rooms, bath; terraced lawn; five min-
utes to local and right near car line; flowers
fruit trees; lot 40x140; this i« a bargain: price
$4000; a better location you can hardly find.
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway.
• A SNAP.
$1050 only for a 6-room cottage with bath,
etc. In East Oakland: easy terms. P. C. LAS-
SEN & CO., 466 Tenth st., Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND PtRJTITURB FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW tha day for bargains In fumi-
ture. H. Schellhaas.llth st. .cor. store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS FOR llOUSEKEEPHO.
ALL sunny; best In city; S or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS, 1560 Sacramento St., near Larkin.
VELL, 222 — 3 sunny housekeeping, rooma.
FIFTH. 348 — Suite of rooms complete for
housekeeping.
GUERRERO. 548 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms,
partly furnished.
KNICKERBOCKER Anartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
LYON. 1810—2 front rooms, grate, bath, con-
necting; unfurnished; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 533— Sunny suites, $15-$?; gas
range; hot bath; laundry; phone; adults.
OAK, 117— Sunny suites. $16-$20; single rooms;
complete housekeeping; $5 to $10; adults.
O'FARRELL. 12« — Large sunny housekeeping
rooms; well furnished; gas range; run, water.
STOCKTON. 1206 — Model house; newly fur-
nished; slnzle and double- housekeeping
rooms; bath; gas; $5 to $12. *
Twenty-eighth. 313 — 2 sunny, furnished house-
keeping; water; separate entrance; $6 month.
VALENCIA. 1103 — 4 unfurnished housekeep-
Irg rooms and bath. Inquire 9 a.m.-5 p.m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recetved at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of Th« Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Op°:. until 11 p. m.
APAaTlCCHT HOTT3XS.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15. /
1CS4 SCTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
- Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 room- and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 SO to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST.CECILE, 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave.— The
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments, with private bath*,
steam heat, electric llght.elevator. gas ranges;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 50. $30. $33.
$27 50—3 ROOMS and bath. furn.. $33; 4 rooms
and bath. $30, furn. $37 50: sun In every
apart.; new house, beautifully finished; gas
ranges in unfurn. aparts. The Malken, 31
Central ave., near Halght st.
ST. LOUIS, 1573 Jackson st. — Modem 3-4-5
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone East 1330).
ROOMS TO I,ET— Fnra. nnd Uafura.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all- night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st- <or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 23c. SOc. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
l nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLEMENTINA, 310H. near Fourth — Room for
2 gentlemen; French private family; all new.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
¦, opened; desirably located; sunny single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room: elevator. Phone East 1317 if desired.
EDDY, 110, opposite Tlvoll Theater; "The
Ijaunstoa"; nrat-clasa rooms; special rates.
ELEGANT ' and reasonable transient' room.
Address O.. box 3260. Call. ¦
KEAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
thomaTmAgef "&~soneT "
real estate agents.
6 montgomery st.
/ ' i
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
$5000— Spruce st.. in best portion of Presidio
Heights; fine residence locality; 27:6 ft. front.
Only $7000 for corner, 50 ft., with fine view
of Presidio and bay: this lot gets sun on three
sides; only $140 a ft.
$5000— 27 ft., looking ln£> the* Presidio.
$13,000-^56 ft. front on north side, with
fine view of Presidio; extra . lot to another
main street. - . ,
- $6500— For 32:6 ft, front by 127:8 ft. deep
on north side of Jackson; magnificent, unob-
structed and panoramic view from this lot of
the Presidio and bay, and Marln County hills.
West corner on Washington st., 137:6x120;
or will sell inside half; a fine buy for investor
to hold and subdivide later.
$200 a- ft. — Washington st. ; north side, with
panoramic. view of bay, Marin County hills and
Presidio; 65 ft. front.
$5000^ — Washington St.; very fine view of
Presidio /and of the bay; excellent residence
locality.
$S750 — Jackson st.; 50 ft. front, with extra
depth running back to Presidio wall. Fine
view of Presidio, bay and Marln County hills.
$4700 — North side of Jackson St., with view
of Presidio and bay; neighborhood first class;
street work alt done.
$3750 — 30x114. on Washington »t. ; an ex-
ceptionally cheap lot.
Only $2000 for fine building lot on west side
of street: sun front and back.
?6C00— Corner Pacific, near Laurel, with un-
obstructed view of Presidio and bay, 33x88.
* $4500 — Pacific ave. lot. In very select resi-
dence locality. 33x91.
$20.000 — Jackson st- cor., 60x145; back to
and overlooking Presidio. *
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOTS.
$25.000— Green st.; magnificent view; 137:Cx
137:6.
$15,500 — Fell St.; fifty vara, fine building
lots, with good southern exi*>«,ure; land cloyes
toward south; will sell uny size at $120 a
front foot.
$14,000— North side of one of the beet "West-
ern Addition 6treets; nearly 70 ft. front; or
will sell either half.
$12.5C0-r-Almost 75 ft. front on Broadway;
can be made to pay an excellent rent by im-
proving with small flats.
$12,000 — Golden Gate ave., north side; nearly
45 ft. of frontage; excellent site to improve.
$9C00 — Very large lot on Fulton »t. ; ready
for building and renting purposes.
$9000— Green St.: north side. In best portion,
with fine view of bay and surroundings.
$9000 — Hayes stl lot, close to Laguna, with
fiats in rear of lot paying $44 a month.
$6700— Powell st.; with 2 frontages; fine
building location.
$5000 — tO ft. Union St., north side, with fine
view; choice residence locality.
$4500— McAllister st. ; over 30 ft. front; fine
building lot for 3 choice fiats. ..
$4350— Green st.; 34x137:6 ft. deep; fine view
of bay.
$4200 — Laguna et. lot; good lot for 2 fiats.
We have adjoining corner for sale, making 2
fine lots.
$4000— Halght et.; facing Park; 23x100;
street work all done; north side of street.
$3750— Jackson St., for 25x137:6, or any size
at $150 a ft. •
$3500— Filbert St.. north side; 27:6x193, with
fine marine and land view, street work all
done.
$3250 each — For lots 25x137:6 on Page st. ;
street bltuminized; artificial stone sidewalk;
electric cars passing.
$3300— Filbert st.; 27:6x137:6, with fine ma-
rine and land view; street work all done.
$3000 — Lyon st. : fine building lot: sun front
and" back, with 20 feet of permanent space
toward north.
$2750— Page St.: 25x137:6; fine building lot;
street bitumlnized; artificial stone sidewalks;
electric cars passing.
$2500— Filbert St.; 25 ft. front, with" L run-
ning to side street.
$23M) — Masonic ave.: 25x112: street stone
blocked; electrlo cars passing; block all built
up with flrst«class houses.
$2300— Broderick St.; 2 fine lots; each 27:6x
97:0; cable cars at the corner; good residence
locality.
$2150— Fulton Bt., north side; care passing.
$2000— Golden Gate ave.; 2 lots, each 25x
137:6; street bltuminized.
$2000— Greenwich st.; 37:6x137:6.
$1850— Filbert St.; 26x120. to rear street;
street work all done. Next to -fine new build-
ing. A fine lot for 6 good flats. Will always
stay rented.
$1750 — Fillmore st.: 24x100; 2 lots; street
stone blocked; electric cars passing.
$1C"O— Fillmore et.; 20 ft. front; street stone
paved; electric cars passln;.
$1050 — Chestnut st.; half-block to electric
cars; 27:6x137:6.
$S00 — Ashbury St.; 2 lots; 25 ft. front each.
$500 — Uranus St.. on Ashbury Heights; 2 lots,
THOMAS 1IAGEE & SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY STREET.
COMPULSORY PARTITION SALE.
Grand marine view lots, $1250 and upward,
on Green, Baker and Union sts.
One-third less than adjoining lots are selling
for. Lots are selling fast. -
' Streets sewered and all lots on the grade.
Right on car line and in improving neigh-
borhood. '
Peremptory offering. Easy terms If desired.
O. H. FERGUSON.
409 California st. Tel. Exchange 409.
11.23 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level: no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room 9.
REMOVAL NOTICE.
The office of the Jacob Heyman Company has
- been removed to office of OSCAR HEYMAN.
14 P0«t st. .
BARGAIN — Cottage, 5 rooms, bath and pantry:
corner lot, 50x100. at Ocean View. I Apply 41
Crescent ave, or phone Capp 1869.
$1500— New modern cottage: 4 rooms and bath;
good .location; $200 cash, balance $12 per
month'. ; ApDly 3310 Mission st.
BUILD your unimproved ..realty; we loaa full
cost lmprov. and part lot at 6%. MANHAT.
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
2931-35-37 PD3RCE St.— Lot 50x112 :6; will sell
for cash. Address box* I860. Calt office.
ALL work guaranteed first , class hy ALH-
BACH tt MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
. POINT RICHMOND J REAL ESTATE.'
LAST chance — $5 monthly; lots any tract; first
• price, first choice; near sites bought for fac-
torleg. etc. A. W. BELL. 211 Montgy.. 8. F.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
A GOOD lodging-house in San Francisco to ex-
change for: Oakland or - Berkeley property.
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St., Oak-
¦ land. Cal.' - ¦ '¦¦« - ¦ .
j TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
, Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 30. The
, "/Typewriting Exchange.' S36 California st -v
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
'.. ; gomety .' st. ¦ -'-" .v : -\ ~- ¦'.¦>. v-v><\ .. : *.;
2D-HAND typewriters /sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 608 Market., .' CALL ' subscriber* contemplating; a
chance of residence during- tha summer
month* can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify
ing TBS CALL Business : Office. This
paper will ' also be on sale at all summer
resorts end is represented . by • a local
agent in all towns on the coast.'
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
?FOR THE SUMMER.
Accuses Creagh of Embezzlement.
SAN JOSE, May 6.— John Creagh, a
representative of the Conservative Life
Insurance Company, has been charged
with misdemeanor embezzlement by E.
M. Rosenthal, another insurance man
of this city. A complaint filed with
Justice Wallace charges Creagh with
misappropriating about $30 belonging
to Rosenthal. Rosenthal is the dis
trict representative of the Mutual Life
of New York. There has been ill feel
ing between the men.
Clilco to Pass Sew Saloon Law.
CHICO, May 6.— The City Trustees
of Chlco by an- ordinance Introduced
this evening propose to restrict the
number of saloons to be licensed in the
town to twenty; also to raise -the age
limit of restrictions to minors • in sa
loons from 18 to 21 years. .The ordi
nance is advocated by the saloon men
here and it will meet with no opposi
tion an the board.' .
100 Belcher 241 ."00 Overman 29'
150 Best & B*lch.l 50i 100 Potosi 15]
100 Caledonia ... 6fl| 100 Potoel v 16 I
JO5O Con C * Va.l 501 .".00 Yellow Jacket. 2')
200 Crown Point. 1S»! 200 Yellow Jacket. 21 '
200 Gould & Cur. 19]
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Mornii.g Session. ¦ |
100 Mont Ton ...1 55! 400 Ton Belmont.. 70 j
1000 Mont Ton..l 67«<iillOO Ton Midway.. 38
Afternoon Session.
100 Ton Belmont. 7011000 Ton Midway.. 30
1100 Ton Midway. 38|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, May 6 — 4 p. m. .
Bid.Atk. Bid. Ask.
Alpha <» 10 Justice 'O» 10 ,
Alta 07 (19 Kentuck 02 04
Andes 21 22 Keyes Graes.. — 100
Belcher 24 25 Lady Wash .. — ' . Ofl ¦
Best & Belch.l 50 1 (i0 Mexican 1 ftO 1 95
Bullion OS <:!t!Occldental ... 7» 80
Caledonia «5 «7lOphlr 5 25 5 37%
Challenge Con 1H l!)!Overman 29 30
Chollar 20 2llpotosl 16* 17
Confidence ... "5 1 «;5! Scorpion 14 15
Con C & Va.l 50 1 551 Ravage 31 32
Con Imperial. 02 03|Seg Belcher .. 09 10
Con N Y 02 04|Sierra Nev .. 49 .W)
Crown Point. 18 20!silver- Hill .. ftd r>7
East Sierra N 06 — |St Louis .... 09 10
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... 04 06
Exchequer . . 28 30| Union Con . . 71 72
Gould & Cur. 18 19! Utah 07 OS
Hale & Norc. 55 60 Yellow Jacket. 20 21
Julia 05 06
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask.! ' Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 071 Ton Belmont.. 69 71
Eeperanza ... — 01 Ton Jfe Cal .. ,10
Gipsy Queen. — 30!Ton Cash Boy 08 —
Gold Anchor. 25 40 Ton Exten ..1 00 1 50
Gold M Con. 02 07 Ton & G XV.. 02 —
Little Ton . . 25 — Ton Gold M. 14 20
MacNamara .18 19 Ton of Nev«. — 0 50
Mont Ton..l 65 1 57'4 Ton N Star.. 27 31
Pine Grove .. 50 — Ton Midway.. 38 39
Ray Ton — 15iTon & Salt L 10* 18
Ray & OBrien 04 OfllTon Superior.. — 11
Reecue ; 06 07i United- Ton ...10 —
DEMURS TO ROONEY'S COMPLAINT. —
Hermann Oelrlchs, executor of the estate of the ¦
late C. L. Fair, demurred, yesterday to the i
complaint of T. H. Rooney*; Fair's uncle, for j
money alleged to be due him for services ren- :
dored Fair during the last five years of his life.
The demurrer is made on the ground that Roo- j
ney's complaint does not state sufficient cause ¦
of action.
CONVICTEDOF BURGLARY.— Arthur Risher f
was convicted by a jury in Judge Lawlor's :
court yesterday on a charge of burglary. He '
entered the room of Millie Clarke at 315 O'Far- >
re\l street. Millie received a lecture from the I
Judge for coming to court on Thursday after- j
noon in an inebriated* condition. There is an- i
other charge against Risher. and the case was
Continued till to-day to be set.
There will be a bicycle race meeting
at Ingleside track on June 5. In ad
dition to the wheel events there will
be automobile and motor races. The
cycling numbers will be two and five
mile handicaps; one-mile novice;
three and five mile motor cycle handi
cap. The automobile events will be
announced later.
Klcycle Races nt Ingleside.
Afternoon Session.
1 COO Alpha 10| 100 Justice 10
1OO Andes 221 loo Mexican 1 95
UK) Caledonia ... fc»| aoo Mexican .V.I 97%
100 Caledonia ... r>0| 300 Mexican 2 00
100 Caledonia ... t:2! 200 Ophir 5 2»
100 Caledonia ... «'5I 200 Ophir 5 37%
r.0O Chollar 20 100 Overman 2S
100 Choi la r 21 1 500 Savage 30
JO0 Con C & Ya.l 45; :S00 Sierra Nev .. 5O
100 Con C & V.I £2^1 200 Sierra Nev .. M
100 Con C & Va.l 501 100 Sierra Nev .. 4'»
200 Crown Point, 171 800 Union Con .. 70
100 Gould & Cur. 17' 300 Yellow Jacket. 20
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. .
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
100 Belcher 24 1 200 Seg Belcher .. 10
200 Caledonia ... C(i 100 Sierra Nev .. 50
200 potoM 16j
Afternoon Session
Oil Stock*— Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Cert 19 ! 20
Caribou 4 25 ....
Central Point Con <i0 70
Chicago Crude 21 ....
Claremont 60 ....
Four 60 61 .
Fulton S 75
Giant 15 ....
Hanford 18100 200 00
Home 1 57«4 1 «O
Imperial ,. 18 OO
Independence 25 26
Junction 13 -, ....
Kern B 00
Kern River 10 .V) 12 00
Lion 01
Monarch of Arizona 38 40
Monte Cristo 7.'t
Occidental of W Va 11
Oil City Petroleum 43 47
Peerless 13 0« 14 00
S F & McKittrick 4 00
Senator 67
Sovereign 45 ....
Sterling 2 50 ....
Superior 04
Thirty-three 8 00
Twenty-eight 6 87»4 8 00
Miscellaneous —
Abby I^and & Improvement 1 50
Cal Gas & Electric Corp 38 00
California Shipping: Co 20 00
Chutes Company 700 800
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 7 00
Fischer's Theater 25 40
Northern Cal Power 11 00. 11 60
SALES.
Morning Session.
10 PcerlcM 13 00
100 Wolverine 40
?MXK) Independence 2t>
Afternoon Session,
l'joo Independence .26
r.o Peerless. l> 00 14 00
MJO Junction 14
45 Junction 12
S0O Twenty-eight Oil 7 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
COO Andes 21| 100 Mexican .....195
400 Belcher 22 300 Mexican 1 !<O
100 Caledonia ... St. 100 Occidental ... 71»
600 Caledonia ... B7 700 Potosi J5
100 Caledonia ... 60 100 Savage 30
100 Caledonia ... 61j 100 Scorpion 15
2»K) Chollar 21 1 200 Seg Belcher .. Oft
."i!0 ChollRr 20| 100 Seg Belcher . . OS
200 Con C & Va.T 4. r .| 100 Sierra. Nev .. 4!)
200 Crown Point. 18| 400 Cnlon Con .. 70
100 I'rown Point. 17! 50 I'nion Con .. 72
200 Gould & Cur. 1«! 600 Yellow Jacket. 18
100 Justice 15[
SAN JOSE. May 6.— William J. Sin
gleton, the civil engineer, who has been
on trial for the killing of Simon Bo-
Jorques in November last, was to-day
found not guilty, the jury accepting his
defense that the shooting was acci
dental. On the former trial the Jury
failed to agree*
Singleton Is Acquitted of Murder.
Durnford (contractors), architect C. A. Meuss
dorffcr—All work except painting,, plumbing,
gas fitting, sewer work, electric wiring, gas
fixtures, mantels and enades'for a three-story,
basement and attic frame building on N line of
Bu*b street. 110 E of Scott. E 27:6 by N 137:6
Western Addition 427; $9673.
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architect' same— Plumbing, gas fitting and
sewer work for same on same; $944.
Amelia M. Me Williams (owner) with Carl
Pchutt (contractor), architect T. P. Ross — All
work except. plumbing, gas fitting and sewering
for alterations and additions lo a two-story
frame building. No. 2291 Sacramento street;
$sr.2T».
Eame owner with John A. O'Dea (contract
or), architect um« — Plumbing, gas fitting and
sewering for same en same; $1280.
E. Jr. Ztmmer (owner) with Currie & Currle
(contractors), architects Coxhead & Coxhead—
All work except plumbing, painting, electric
work" and heating for a two-story frame reel
aence on N line of Green street. 137:6 E of
Broderick. E 34:4H by N 137:6, Western Addi
tion 492: $58&8.
Edward B. . Hindes (owner) with. J. Llewel
lyn (.contractor), architect N. J. Tharp— Paint •
Mary A. McQuaide to JoReph P. McQualde, I
lot on E line of Franklin street, KjO S of Oak
S SS by E !*7:9: rift.
City and County nf San Francisco to Al
fred Solaii. lot on S line of Geary street, 60 £
of «Jough. E 27:6 by S 120; $ .
Mary McWuaide to Joseph McQualde. lot on
S line of McAllister street, 52:6 E of Octavla
E 22:6 by S 70; gift.
City and County of San Francifco to Alexan
der Bond, lot en X line of Post street 62:<J W
of I-aguna. \V 62:6 by M 125: $ .
Anna M. von Staden to George von Staden, [
lot on SW corner of Bueh and Scott streets, a '
25 by W h":«; $10.
hamuel Hlnsmore to L.irtie B. Clark, lot on
E line of Broderick street, luO S of Fulton 8
25 by B 112:«; gift.
Same to Anna A. Woodward, lot on E line of
Brodf-ruk street, 125 S of Fulton S 25 by E
112:«; gift.
Richard M. and Selina L'jlow to Archibald
H. Turnbull and Hugh W. T. Williamson, lot
on K line ol l> I>ong avenue. 81« S of Fred
erick street. S 30 by E 85; 110.
Pficinc Improvement Company {corporation)
to Jessie W. Hamilton, lot on W line of Clay
ton street. 225 S of Frederick, S 25 by W
100; »10.
Isabella and Donald Curria to Julius C.
XathanKon. lot on N line of Waller etrect,
1*1.% E of Cole. E 25 by N 100; $10.
John F. and Mary A. Byrne to Henry Spier
ing, lot on W line of Dolores street, 25:11 N
of Twenty-second, N 26:1 by W 95; $10.
Augu«tus J. Ranken to Jeremiah Looney,
lot on W line of Sanchez street, 28 N of Four
teenth. N 27 by W 100; $10.
Mary D. Pierce and Blanche and I-ola Davia
to George T. and Orac e Davis, lot on E line
of Harrlscn Ffre*t, 203 S of Twenty-fourth,
S .12 by E 100; $10.
J. Cuneo Company (corporation) to Hugo A.
and Sarah M. Cuppers, let on N line of Oregon
street. U5 E of Front. E 30 by N CO; $4500.
Florence Gossot and Francoise Gome to Oscar
C Cappelmann, lot on S line of Washington
street. 23 E or Dunbar alley. E 20:2^ by S
BBS ami all Interest in 50-vara lot 19; $10.
J. Henry Meyer (guardian estate All M.
Blgarel) to same, lot on S line of Washington
street.- 23 E of Dunbar alley. E 20:2^ by S
68:9; ?10.
Teresa I,. McKinnon (wife of Alexander) to
Giufeppe Cadenasso. lot on 8 line of Lincoln
street. W of Taylor. W "2:6 by fi 61:3; $10.
E. A. and l>aura Bridpford to Andrew .1.
Clunie. lot on S line of Pine Ftreet, 137:6 W
of Taylor, W 43 by S 137:6, quitclaim deed; $1.
Andrew J. and Hellen ClunJ* to Ella H.
Arnold, same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Kate C. Perry to Edward H. Perry, lot en
EE line of Natoma etreet. 275 SW of Seven:h,
SW 2T» by SE 75, quitclaim de«d; $1^5.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L.. Mer
rltt executrix) to D. Wlinsaratos. lot 21,
Outside Lands block 225; $305.
Same by «am<» to same, lot 20, Outside Lands
block 225;'S305.
Bay District Land Company (corporation) to
Arthur ti Thomas, lot on S line of B street,
85 E of Fourth avenue, E SO by S 100; $10.
American I^and «nd Trust Company to Ada
C. Friend, lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue,
100 s of N street. S 75 by E 120; $10.
Edward A. and Isabella Janssen. to C. T.
Spencer, lot on N line of Elizabeth street.
100 XV of Hoffman. W SO by N 114. lots 201
end 202, Herman Tract; $10.
Anna D. Joost to Eberhard I.. Ast. lot on
STC line of Falcon avenue. 227:1 NE-of Moss
alley. XE 25. SB 113:7, SW 25. ND 114:5. Jot
21. Mountain Spring, also block 3, Market
Street Homestead: $10.
Edward J. and Emma Price to Harry Witts,
lot 32. gift map 1; ?10.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco Irrllglcua
i corporation sole), lot on SW line of Francis
: street. 650 NW of Mission. NW 25 by SW
150. Academy Tract: S10.
Stat* of California (by Edward J. Smith.
Tax Collector, property assessed to I. L*vy)
to M. McCann. lot 193, block 34, Mission and
Thirtieth Street Homestead Union; $54.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(religious corporation sole, by Patrick W.
Rlordan. !nrumbent> to William C. Hamerto-i.
lot on SW line of Francis street. 250 XW of
Mission NW 25 by SW 150. Academy
Tract; fl.
Maria Holtz to Jacob Ilauarr. lot on X line
of Alvarado Ftreet. 175 W of Douglass, W
2> by N 114. lot 13. Herman Tract; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
I Benjamin Mayers (owner) with Chesney &
FRIDAY, May G.
fCrocker) Estate Company <a corporation) to
Southern Pacific Company, commencing 'at a
point In Vlsitacion Rancho conveyed by
Charles Crocker to La Soclete Francalse May
27. 18S.\ being I02S SW along center line of
railroad from N line of tract as above. W "0, S
to S boundary line of said tract at a point ISO
along line- of said S boundary line from said
center line of railroad, E 240, N to point SO
from Station B S16, W SO. containing thn-e
acres; also, commencing at point where center
line Of Bay Shore branch of Southern Pacific
intersect!! N boundary line of portion conveyed
as abo\>'. which N lin* is al?o £ boundary line
of San Bruno road, SW to point 50 W from
center tine, S to point opposite center line at
engineer survey station No. B E 100. N to
lan<l conveyed to Crocker, SW to beginning,
containing 2.."i5 acres, also property outside of
county; recital that this vacates grants made
March 21. 1W>5. and July 29, l«>h; also map at
ta< hed showing line* of property hereby grant
ed (recorded May ft. 1904 »; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Isldor
Lipman. lot on P line of California etreet, 114:8
W cf Larkin V IM by S S0:6; $ .
lt£AL KSTATE TRANSACTIONS.
GREAT FALLS, May 6.— George Hli
boka, convicted of murder in the first
degree, was to-day sentenced by Judge
Leslie to hang June 15. Hliboka mur
dered and robbed his companion.
George Sedlack, securing about $800.
He was captured at Grand Forks, N.
D. On the stand his defense was that
Sedlack had thrown whisky in his eye3
and made him crazy.
Murderer Must Hang.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
LONDON, May 6. — The annual
demonstration of the Primrose League
attracted an enormous gathering at
Albert Hall to-day, being the centen
ary year of the birth of the late Lord
Beaconsfleld. The decorations were
more elaborate than usual.
Premier- Balfour's address was not
of much interest Internationally. He
took a roseate view of Great Britain's
foreign relations. The foreign affairs
of this country were, he declared. In
a happy and prosperous condition.
Balfour attached enormous value to
the Anglo-French agreement, because
he believed it was going to prove a
permanent arrangement.
Foreign Secretary Lansdowne and
Foreign Minister Delcasse had done
work which was not only beneficial to
their respective countries, but to the
whole world. Balfour referred to the
Far Kast as the "despair of European
statesmen," and pointed out that the
Government did not purpose to play
into the hands of revolutionists, "who
would rather see genuine reform fail
than succeed if it did not cover all
their demands."
The Premier closed with lecturing
the opposition on their attitude, to
ward the colonies, especially in regard
to Chinese labor, and declaring
that nothing but the unity of the
Unionist party would finally lay the
specter of home rule or protect great
imperial Interests from the injury with
which they were threatened.
Statesman Attaches Much
Importance to England's
Agreement With France
In estimating the value of tin ores In this
northern region several facts should be borne
In- mind.'- The region is utterly without tim
ber and Is accessible; by ocean steamers anty
from June to the end of October at the longest.
Harbor facilities are poor, and all supplies
and wages 'are high. On the other hand tbe
construction v of . railroads and wagon roads is
not difficult and will require comparatively
small outlay. All of the occurrences described
are within a- few. miles of tidewater.- Freight
rates to Puget Sound. ports should be very. low.
ax the large fleet of ocean steamers whlcti
run to Nome return empty. Last summe •
upward of 98,000 tons of freight were brought
to Alaska by vessels that called at Nome.
It Is fair to say that these tin deposits are
well worth careful and systematic prospecting.
- The facts show cassiterite to be rather
Irregularly distributed - through an area I of
about 450 square miles, embracing the western
end of Seward Peninsula. At three localities —
Anikovik River, Buhner Creek and Buck Creel*
— Its occurrence Vln placers has been verified
by the Geological Survey, and lode tin has
been found by the survey at Lost River and
at Cape Mountain. There are a number of
other places wh^ere prospectors report Its oc
currence In lode* or placer : form. ¦
; The tin ore la almost all cassiterite, though
a little stanntte has been found at one- locality.
Its original- source Is In deposits of at -least
two essentially different types. In the one
It Is In quarts veins, which cut phy lines or
metamorphlc slates; in the other the cassiterite
is disseminated, through more or less altered
granitic rocks. This second type of lode de
posit-Is the one which gives promise of com
mercial importance.
Prospectors have reported the discov
ery of small amounts of stream tin in
a great many streams In the York re
gion, among them' being the Baituk and
Kigezruk creeks, flowing into Bering
Sea; Banner Creek, a tributary of the
Anikovik River; several , small creeks
flowing into Lopp Lagoon; Clara Creek,
a tributary of Mint River, andjYork
Creek, a tributary of Pinguk River.
Stream tin has been reported from
all parts of the Seward peninsula,
where gold mining is In progress, but
the Geological Survey says that except
in respect to the York region these re
ports have generally been found to be
without foundation. Tin ores in in
considerable amounts have been dis
covered by the Geological Survey to ex
ist at Brooks Mountain, near the head
of Lost River and four miles north of
the Lost River tin deposits; the hills
east of Don River; Ears Mountain,
about fifty miles north of Port Clar
ence: Asses Ears, about twenty miles
south of Kotzebue Sound, and the Dio
mede Islands, In Bering Strait, about
thirty miles west of Cape Prince of
Wales.
-The conclusions reached by the Geo
logical Survey from a review of the
discoveries of tin are of interest. They
are given in full as follows:
Buck Creek is the scene of the first
attempt at tin mining on a practical
scale in Alaska, so reports the geo
logical survey. It Is the present cen
ter of the tin placer mining activities.
The settlement is on the Arctic slope
of the Seward Peninsula, about twen
ty miles northeast of York and four
miles from tidewater on Lopp Lagoon,
an inlet from the Arctic Ocean. \ It is
reached by wagon road from York
that follows the bed of Anikovik Riv
er for ten miles, then crosses a low di
vide to Grouse Creek; then follows
down the bed of Grouse Creek to its
junction with Buck Creek. -Lopp La
goon is not navigable for deep-sea go-
Ing vessels and will not, probably, be
used as a means of transportation of
ore from the Buck Creek diggings.
The evidence regarding < the Buck
Creek region can be summed up
briefly.
. Tin ore has been found In Buck
Creek from its mouth to within a mile
of Its head. The creek is a small stream
about five miles in length. The pay
streak is confined to the present stream
bed and flood plain deposits, and prob
ably varies from ten to twelve feet to
150 feet in width. In the present creek
the* ore is found from the surface down.
Outside the creek bed there 1 is a cov
ering of moss and muck above the
gravel. No ore Is known to have been
found on the hillsides surrounding
Buck Creek or on the plateau surface
in which Buck Creek is incised. The
thickness of the tin-bearing gravel va
ries from a few Inches to /four or five
feet. Estimates of the tin ore In the
gravel vary from eight to twenty-seven
pounds per cubic yard. Probably the
former amount is more nearly the
average of the creek.
Tin v ore %vas discovered on Buck
Creek in the fall of 1901, and some min
ing for stream tin was performed in
the summer of 1902. As a result of this
work several tons of ore were shipped
out to the States. During the summer
of 1903 several companies were exploit
ing claims on the creek. The methods
of mining and sluicing stream tin were
all modifications of somewhat primitive
methods of gold placer mining. It is
reported that considerable ore was ob
tained and hauled to York for ship
ment.
The first discoveries of tin ore in the
York region were made on the Anikovik
River and Buhner Creek. Anikovik
River enters Bering^ Sea at the town
of York. It is about~flfteen miles long.
It flows in a comparatively broad val
ley cut in the York plateau. In the
lower part of the Anikovik Valley there
are rather extensive gravel deposits.
The bedrock consists for the most part
of slates, that break up into pencil
shaped fragments. Since 1901 the work
ings on Anikovik' River and on Buhner
Creek are reported to have been aban
doned. Specimens of cassiterite were
discovered in the sluice boxes while
sluicing for gold was In progress. The
Geological Survey reports that there are
extensive gravel deposits on Anikovik
River that might be made to yield fair
returns, either in gold or In tin, If
economically worked on an extensive
scale by the hydraulic process. Suf
ficient water for this purpose is to be
obtained from the head .of Anikovik
River or from Kaiiaguk River.
GENERAL- CONCLUSIONS.
ACTUAL MIXING OF TIX.
on the surface of the mountain. Mr.
Colliep reports that much of the sup
posed tin ore contains a great many
dark minerals that have been mistak
en for cassiterite, but are simply tour
maline in slender black and brown
needles. ,
Cape Mountain is composed almost
entirely of granite in the form of boss
or stock intruded in /the limestone/
The granite cuts across the stratifica
tion of the limestone. Specimens of
tin ore were secured by the geological
survey from the granite of the moun
tain, . but the ore was not definitely
traced to its position in -the bedrock.
It is reported that tin ore has been
found in at least three 'distinct points
in this mountain and'that it, occurs in
somewhat irregular deposits that have
an eastward trend. Several tunnel3
have been driven Into the mountain.
It. was 'not learned that ore bodies
were found in any of the tunnels. The
report does not contain 1; any definite
estimate concerning the probable val
ues of the Cape Mountain tin ores.
They differ ' In general- appearance
from that seen on Lost River. Large
pieces of nearly" pure cassiterite, one
of which weighed about nine pounds,
are. reported" to have been discovered
The tin ore in this deposit is. in
part at least, an altered granite-por
phyry or "greisen," having crystals of
cassiterite disseminated through it.
The greisen forms a dike that has
been followed eastward from Cassiter
ite Creek to Tin Creek, a distance of
about 6000 feet. Specimens contain
ing cassiterite have been picked up at
both ends of the dike.' The tin ore
discovered on Tin Creek was about
?half a mile south of the main lode.
Stanniteor tin pyrites was discovered
in mineralized granite, together with
other metallic sulphides. The ore is
probablv of little value except as in
dicating a wider distribution of tin
through the granites. Tin has also
; been discovered in the bowlders in Tin
Creek, but not in large quantity.
The Cape Mountain tin deposits oc
cur in a high peak that marks the
: most western point in America. A
j settlement called Tin City has grown
up within a year oh the. southeastern
side, while on the northwest side, fac
ing toward. Bering Strait, the old Es
kimo village of Kingegan is situated.
East Cape and other points on the Si
berian coast are plainly visible on a
clear day from the summit of this
mountain. On the west and south
sides the mountain slopes down to
bluffs that drop almost perpendicu
larly into the sea. On the southeast
side, where Tin City is situated, there
is a small bight in the coast line that
affords some protection from west
winds, but for the prevailing south
winds of summer the . harbor is prac
tically an open roadstead and affords
little, if any, better landing facilities
than are found at Nome or York. Tin
City is forty miles distant and north
west of good anchorage on Port Clar
ence.
LONG DIKE OP GREISEX^.
Lode tin deposits were discovered be
tween four and five miles from the
coast on Lost River, which enters
Bering Sea ten miles west of Point
Clarence. Lost River is about ten
miles long. It drains the central part
of the York Mountains. Its two tribu
taries^Tin Creek and Cassiterite Creek,
enter from the east about three and
four miles, respectively, from its
mouth. Tin ore has been found on
both of these creeks. Between Tin
Creek and Lost River there Is a white
porphyrltlc dike, cutting the limestone
four or five mHes from the coast. This
forms the present focal point of inter
est to the tin miner. This dike, which
has been traced from Tin Creek on the
east to Cassiterite Creek on the west,
a distance of about a mile, is about
100 feet wide. Tin ore has been found
on the croppings of this dike and
strewn over its surface along its course,
varying in general appearance and
character. The value of the lode must
be left an open question until excava
tions have been made sufficient for
systematic sampling.
Since then, according to the Geologi
cal Survey, tin ore has been found both
in lodes and in alluvial deposits in a
number of widely separated localities.
In 1903 Mr. Colliep and Frank L. Hess
visited, for the Geological Survey, the
Lost River. Buck Creek and Cape
Mountain , localities, the two extreme
points being twenty-five miles, apart.
These are the places, so it is reported,
that gave the most promise of the pro
duction of tin.
After the discovery of gold at Nome,
prospectors in 1898 rapidly extended
their search to all parts of Seward Pen
insula arid, as early as the fall of 1899,
found placer gold in the Anikovik
River. In 1900 Alfred H. Brooks of the
United States Geological Survey vis
ited the JTork region and found, in the
placers of Anikovik River and Buhner
Creek, one of its tributaries, some
specimens cf stream tin. The general
interest in the tin deposits of the York
region. dates from that time.
"Tin," so says the Geological Sur
vey, "has~ been reported from several
localities in the United States, but has
never proved to be present in com
mercial quantities, A lew years ago,
however, stream tin was discovered by
a survey party in Alaska. This discov
ery attracted much attention. During
the season of 1903 a discovery of lode
tin was made in Alaska."
At the outset it is declared by
the Geological Survey that the
known occurrences of tin are in
what is called the iork region of
the Seward peninsula. This region
derives its name from Cape York, an
ill denned promontory on the Bering
Sea, about ninety miles north
west of Nome. It extends northwest
ward from this cape and Includes Cape
Prince of \ Wales, the most western
point of the continent. The region has
the general form of an isosceles tri
angle, with its apex at Cape Prince ot
Wales and its two sides formed by the
shores of the Arctic Ocean and the
Bering Sea.
THE EARLIEST DISCOVERY.
That tin exists in Alaska has long
been known. It has remained for the
United States Geological Survey to em
body in a pamphlet having Govern
mental sanction the available testi
mony relative to the extent of a coun
try that is enriched by tin. Arthur J.
Colliep is the author of a paper which
is indorsed by publication through Gov
ernmental sources.
SAYS OUTLOOK IS GOOD
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$4,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 79 00
Street—
$37,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 79 00
Ala S Co... 24 — I Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 8tt — |Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G&ECor. 45 — |N S R R Co. 8% —
C Jockey C1.130 180 N Cal P Co. 11 lltf
Cal Powder.. 125 — Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T 1 & T — 135 • IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk Oak 62 65 Orpheum Co.. 14' —^
Chutes Co .. — 7U Pac C Oas..l20 —
City & C Bk — 112 I Pac S Tel.. — 102
Cyp L Imp.. 6 — IParaf Paint.. 88 —
Kast Dynm.. — 250 IB F Drydock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — DO BF&SJ Coal.. — 30
Do com . . — 60 I S J Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk. Oak.120 — ISO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — 75c Swlts-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — Truck Elect.. 12 % 12 &
Gas Con A.. — 22 ] UR InC pfd. 45 —
Hono P Co. — 14^4 Do com ... 9 —
Lon& SF Bk — 00
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6i. — 09 ISF & NP 6s. — 111%
B L Wat 6s. — 117H B P C R 4a. — 100
Cal N\V 6s.. IO8&U0& 8 P Co 4Hs-l«>?sl01 1 /4
M C Wat 5s. 100 — Sun Tel 6s.. 1 13 —
RIs I Wks.'s — I07H Suttr-st R5s.lO6 113
SF Drdk Ss — 113^|UR of 8F 4s. 78%
Unlisted Securities.
Premier Discusses National
Events on Centennial of
the Birth of Beaconsfield
Deposits of York District Are Declare^ Offi
cially to Be Well Worth the Most Careful
Prospecting Where Finds Are Verified
BALFOUR TALKS
OF THE FUTURE
20 S F Gas & Electric 6150
40 S F Gas & Electric. 61 25
$3,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5i...l01 00
(6,000 Los Ang'eies Ry C per cent.... Ill 75
$9,000 S P Cal 1st con Cs (stamped). .108 00
SEWARD PENINSULA TIN ORES
INTEREST GEOLOGICAL SURVEY
lna;, etc.. for an eiarht-story and basement brlelc
hotel on 6 line of Butter street. 164:0 E of
Taylor. E 60:0 by S 137:6; J4075.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pace Fifteen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU, SATURDAY/; MAY 7, 190*.
14
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. \
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFia
1 KAIL WAT COXSTAZnr.
Tiburon Terry. Toot of Market Street.
SAN TBANCISCO TO BAH KAFAEL.
WEEK PAYS— 7:30, 3:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35, 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30:
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:S0. ll:0O a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40, 5;10. 6:3d. 11:30 ». m.
SAW RAFAEL TO SAW TBANCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 6:50. 7:35, 7:50, »:2»».
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. f.*:0O. 3:40. 5:0«>, 5:2O.
6:25 d. rn. Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45
p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:60, 5:00, 5:20, 6:25, 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays. ¦
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 19O4. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- j Week
Days. I days. | tlon. [ days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a' 8:4Oa
8:00 a »:30a Ignaeio. 10:20 ailO:2Oa
2:.\0p 2:30 p 6:00 p> 6:2Op
6:10p 6:10p 6:20pl7:25p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:0Oa , Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma «;20p A:20p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 pt 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p|
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00a 8:00a Fulton. 7:23p 8:20 p j
2:S0p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p j
Windsor. I
7:30a 7:30a Healdsburff. (10:20 a l»:20a
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, 7:25 p 7:25 p
I Cloverdale. | '
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. j 7:25 p| 7:25 p
j ¦ j Wllllta, j ~~\
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. J7:25pr7:25p
8:00 a | 8:00 al Guerneville and 110:20 a'10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p[ Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 a 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10p 9:30a Sonoma, 6:0OpT6:20p
5aO_p Clen Ellen. | 8:45 p[
7:30 a! 7:30 al ir0:~20"a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p[ SebastopoL [ 7:25 pf 6:20 p
I STAGES connect at Santa Roea for White
Sulphur Spring?: at Fulton for Altrurla and
Mark West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Goyserville for Ekagga Springs; at
Cloverdale- for the Geysers. Booneville and
Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springe. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's BukneU's.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle Orr's Hot
Springe, Halfway House. Comptche, Camt>
Stevens. Hopklnsy Mendocino City. Fort Brar*
Westport Usal; at Willlts for Fort Brag**
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
vllle, Cummins, Bell's Springs, Harris oi-
sens. Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia.
: and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced lates. .
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all point*
; beyond San Rafael at half rates. U
1 ""cjtet " ofCee. t£* =rket street. Chronlcl.
bull a ins:.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
IYIt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave " Tk Snalito tm *„!», "*
eaaPrasd^ J^ettoJT Is-jgg^
Week San- jm i««. W~T
P«y*. «Uys £yt S^
¦¦¦ i:aof St8#* _¦
— — hanaA y& »»»oJllIZ
.•Ihejsst^aestttr T sliiro,^
HOH | •» Majuest ST^CNorti. Stem R*dz£&
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
netn*en and Adam. David. Kathrens and
Kmaa. Baker, a native of New Orleans, aged
«l years 5 montha and 4 days.
BRADLEY— In thla city. May ». 1004 Sophia
E.. beloved wife of Oeorge J. Bradley, and
motlier cf Mrs. Linda Stewart and t»«orge
<Je Courcy. a native of Tralee. County Kerry.
Ireland, aged 54 years.
. {ErFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral »°-<lay
'Saturday), at 2 o'clock Tom the funeral
rarfora of liunker & Lunt. 2CC« Mission
• atreet (Mission Masonic Temple), between
Twenty-second and Twenty- third «-r ?ma "
tton Cvpress Lawn Cemetery, via electric
funeral* car from Eirbte«nth and Guerrero
BUZZDff£-4a this city. May €. l»04. Joseph
W dearly beloved hufbarid of Nellie Bux-
*inl ani father cf Joseph Francis Buirinl.
and brother of John. Martin. Salvador.
Theresa and tie lat* Israel and t^orK;
liurslni. a native of Switzerland, aced S7
CyFri'nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) ot 12:.'J0 o'clock, from his late
residence' Tliirty-seeond Ftreet and Railroad
avenue South, thence to All Hallows Church
for eervlcr* at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
CONDRET— Jn this city. May 4, 1904. John
B dearlr beloved husband of Marpuerit*
Co'ndrey snd loving father of Julia Condrey.
jicd brother of Pierre Condrey. Mrs. Tieou-
let, Mrs. Nepert and Mia. .lacquemet, a na-
ti\« of France, aged 55 years.
C7"r"rlfn<Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
May 7, st VMQ o'clock, from htF late resi-
dence. 2T Lisbon street, near Mission road,
thence to Church *f St. John. St. Mary
avenue, where a requiem high mats will be
• elebrated for The re»o*e of his soul, com- |
menclng at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosi (
Cemetery.
COHTHAT— In this city. May 6. 1WM. Anita
Lillian Corthay. beloved daughter of Charles
• William an<i Mcna V. Oorthay. and etster of
Willie Corthay, a native of San Francisco,
eged 6 months and 17 days.
CTThe ianeral will take place to-morrow
-Sunday;. «t 1i> o'clock. Iroin the parent*
re*i<3en*c«". 33 Perry street, off Third, between j
Harrison and Brjant. Interment Holy Cross i
Cemeterj'.
CP.E1*«HTON— In this oity. May «. l«i»4.
Thomcf F-. bt-loved husband pf Annie Creigh-
lon. and father of Walter and the late Ilay-
mcr.d anfl May Creighton. a native cf Mas-
sachusetts, r.f c, M \ears and 6 months.
DAMON— In this city. May «. 1SMM, Anna A..
belo.ed wife of tlie late tteth T. Damon, a
' native or Massachusetts, aped 73 years and
. 2 days. ,
C7"Fri*-nds end acquaintances are reypeet- |
fully invited to atTend the funeral services |
«'-morrcw i Sunday t. at 2:30 o'clock, at the
•¦ren:atory cha:»el In C»<ld F*-11owa\Ometery.
Remains at the Jun'ral parlors of Hunker
A- Lunt. 2t'.C« MiMlon etrect (Mission Masonic
Temple*. between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third. l'i»-aw omit flowets.
CAfHA-In Oakland. May C. l»O4. William F.
Dasha. dearly bt-loved husband of Margaret
Dacha. *nd brother of Mrs. Peter Ward of
Oakland, a native cf Brattleboro, Yt.,
an'* 45 years 11 months and 6 day*.
ETNctice of funeral hereafter. ;
PAVIDSOX— In the City and County Hospital.
May 6, 1901, Thomas Davidson, a native of I
Scotland. ngeA f>4 years.
CBl'MMOSD- In this oity. May 6, 1904,
Stephen, beloied husband of Viola Drum-
mor.d, son of Maria and the late Joseph H.
Drummond. and brother of Jc*eph Drum-
mond. Mrs. Maria Ault and Mrs. John
. Shear.on, a native cf Han Francisco, aged
; SO years 4 months and 10 days.
CTFrirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to au^nd the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday*, at 12 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, S09 Clementina street, tnence to St.
Patrick'? Church for services at 12 :."!'-» o'clock.
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Pleaee omit
, flowers. A requiem mabs will be' celebrated '
f»>r the repose of his soul at St. Patrick's
Church Monday, May !*. at ft o'clock. Fr^nda
:•. r.d acquaintancrs are invited to attend.
EBY— In this city. May C. l'.MH. Eleanor Mon.
i^gue, dearly belo%*^l wif» of James W.
Eby mother ot William, Jame*. «"har!es.
lister. Richwrd and Harel Eby. Mr». William
.loft of Antlooh *nd Mr*. George Jeffrlrs of
Kast Oakland, and Bister of W. F.. K. J.
«nd W. de Sanur and Mrs. J. C Buck, a |
native of Pennsylvania, aged «il >«-ars » j
months and 29 days. < Stockton, Oakland.
Asliejo and Harrisburg uapers please copy.)
C7Fri«nds and acquaintances are re*p*ct-
fully Invited lo attend the funeral to-morruw
• fSuncayt, hi l«t:3« o'tlf<ck, from her late
resid-nct. f»t2I H>v>s street. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery-. Plcaw omit flowers.
FAUSS — In this city. May 3. 3»O4. Otto, be-
kved husband of Mary K. K&usf. and father i
of Albert. L.»o and Madeline Fau?s, and son I
of Mrs. Katherine and th* late Otto Fauss. j
a native cf >=an Francisco, aged 32 years 11 i
months and « days. A member of Precita j
Parlor No. 3h7. Native Sons of the Golden
V\ «-st.
C^Fyionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tlie funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), May 8. at 2 o'clock, from Mission
Masor.Ic Hall, 2UCS Mission street, between
Twer.ty-second and Twenty-third, whtre
trvtcei will be held undn- the a-jsDices nr
Ppecita Parlor. N. S. G. W. Please omit
f.owcrs. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Precita Psrlor No. 1S7. N. S. G. W. —
Officers and members of Precita Parinr Nr».
1S7. N. F. G. \\\. are hereby notified to
ussemble st our hall of meeting to-morrow
• Sunday*. May 8, at 1 :3it o'cliK-k. to at-
send tb* funeral of our late brother. Otto
Faust. By order of
JAMES .T. RYAN, President.
FINK— In this city. May 6. lt»O4. Freddie
Fink, dearly beloved and only son of Martin
and Johanc* Fink, a native of San Kran-
ci?"O. aged 4 years 2 months and "4 days.
IT^FrKnds and acquaintances are respect -
telly ln\ited to attend the luneral to-morrow
• Sunday), Hay t<. at 1 o'clock, from the
ie«i<j«ice of hi* parentF. 120D Juniper street.
*«>Tween Ttntb and Eleventh and Harrison
and Bryant. Inf"nr"iit Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero Ftrr-ets-.
POS— In Alrca. May 3. 1904. Isidore Fos, b«- '
loved husrtjar.d cf Mrs. Josephine Fos. and j
brother of Reymorid Fos. a native of France, |
aged 64 years and 20 da>s.
CTFri»nds and acquaintances are respect-
' fuliy invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
Hay *. at 12 o'clock, from his late residence,
1313 Hayes etreet. thence to the French
Church <Nctre Dame des Vlctolres), where
services will be h*-ld, commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Ooss Cemetery.
QIRV1N— In Berkeley, May 5, 19CM. Charles, j
beloved husband of Hannah JS. Ginin, and
father of Ernest A. and I^awrenc« J. Glrvin,
a native of Brantford, Canada, aged *&
>ears.
CTTureral services Sunday. The hour j
will be' sriven in Sunday's pap'r.
CREKR— In this rity. May 4. l«04, William
J. Greer. beloved father of Florence 1a. and
Alice Greer. aired «2 years. A member of
. "Verba Bueaa Lodre No. 14. A. O. V. W..
* *nd Montezuma Tribe No. 77, Improved
Order of Red Mea.
Cy Friends snd members of Montezuma
Tribe No. 77. Improved Order of Red Men.
art respectfully invited to attend the funeral
Sunday. May *, at 12::a» o'clock, from the
parlors of McFaddcn, McBrearty & Gretn.
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eiirhth. thence to Pioneer Hall, Fourth
street, where services will be held under the
auspices of Verba Buena Lodge No. 14, A. O.
I*. W. Interment Cypress l^awn Cemetery-
JKLINSKI— In this city. May 4. 1904. Aaron,
beloved husband of Ida Jellnski, beloved son
of Mrs. F. Jel:nskl and beloved brother of
Charles, Mendle. Sadie, Mary and Coleman
Jelinski. a native of New York, ased 34
years. (New York. Chicago. Seattle and Du-
buque. Iowa, papers please copy.)
ETFrjends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Punday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother. :iC'-A Howard street. Interment
Home cf Peace Cemetery', by car from Elght-
¦ tenth and Guerrero streets.
Officer* and members of Golden Gate
Council No. Ml, National Union — You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
deceased friend, Aaron Jelinski, Sunday, May
| f. at 1:45 p. m. sharp, at 1165A Howard
etreet. By order
W. ALEX SMITH, President.
J. H. BAKER. Secretary.
LiATlKET— In this city. May 6. 1904, at the
residence, 21(>0 Filbert street, James be-
loved husband of Mary Larkey, and father
of John J. and Frank X. Larkey and Mrs.
M. Carroll end lh» late Charles H.. William
.1. and Daniel E. Larkey. a native of County
Donegal. Ireland, seed 73 years.
liOWRT — In this city, Thursday. May 5, 1904,
Isabella Glendcnninr, beloved wife of the
Jate William J. Lowry. and mother of Keilla
. M. Lowry. Mrs. Milan Souie and Agnes and
W. G. Lowry, aged 76 years l month and
23 days.
C7"FuneraI «erv1ces will be held at her
late residence. 64S Van N»es avenue, on Sat-
• urflay. May 7. et Jl o'clock. Interment
private.
WAHONET— In this city. May 6. 1904. Richard
Joseph Mahoney. dearly beloved son of Cor-
nelius and Hannah Maboney, and brother of
JIannah A.. Cornettvs, Wilflatn aad Ana*.tasi;>
Mahnney and Mrs. S. Bernstein, a native of '
San Francisco. A member of San Francisco
Parlor No. 49. N. S. G. W., and Beer Bot-
tlers' Local No. 131.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitM to attend the funeral 1
to-morrow tSunday), st 1 :30 o'clock, from
bis late residence, J7.VSA Howard 'street
thenr-e to Ht. Charles Horromeo's t;iiurch tor
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McAULIFFE^ — In this city. May 6. 1904 Jamen
McAuliffe, a native of Ireland, aged 58
yar.v
McCARTHT— In this city. May 6, 1804, at the
rr&idencf of his daughter. 236 Elsie etreet,
Joseph McCarthy, beloved husband of Han-
rmh McCarthy, and father of Mrs. John
Lonjr. Mrs. C. Karney and George McCarthy,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, atrrd 6S
year*. •
McNAMARA— In this city. May «. I»04. Tim-
¦ «thy, beloved son of the late Michael and
Hancra McNamara. and brother of John and
Mstthew McNamara and Mrs. Michael Don-
i m-in. and the iste Junrt and Patrick Me-
i Kamara. a native of County Limerick, Ire-
? land, aged B0 year*. ,
CT K« rr.alr.e at the parlors of Care w A
Continued From Page Thirteen.
DEATH NOTICES.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the oarlurr of the Western Addition
Kuneral Directors, 1724 Devisadero street.
between Sutter and Bush.
WATKINS— In this city. May 5. 1904. of diph-
theria, Lloyd P., beloved eon of J. P. and
liianche Wutkinp. and brother of Harold and
Fred Watklns. a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 years 4 months and .9 days.
ZIMMERMAN— In Oakland. May <i. 1904.
Mary, beloved wife of Jacob Zimmerman,
and mother cf George H. Zimmerman, a na-
tive of Connecticut, aged 75 years and 8
months. •"
tC7"Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at Ll;80 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hl» aunt. Mrs. M. Lane, 2W2 Mar-
' ket street between Fourteenth and Klf-
tfenlh. th^nre to St. Paul's Church. Twenty-
nint'i and Church streets, for services, com-
mencing at 12 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Ometrry.
TKLTF- In this city. May fi. 1904, Daniel
Truff, dearly beloved husband of lrma
Truff. a native of France, aged 46 years 6
months and 3 day*.
CTFriMids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May S, at 12 oV!ook. from his late residence,
M7 Jackson etreet. between Stockton anil
Powell, thence to Notre Dame des Victolrea
• French) Cwurch fi»r services, commencing at
12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
VALENTINE— In this rity, May 4, 1904.
Susannah E.. beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam Valentine, and mother of Mrs. O. W.
Kverson. Mrs. E. C. Dudley and William L.
Valentine of I .oh Angeles, Cal.. a native of
Scotland. a?ed 09 years 4 months and 27
days.
English. 29 Van New avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
MCLLER- In Burke. Sonoma County, May 4.
l»O4. Henry W. Muller. beloved brother of
William, August and Georce Muller, Jo-
hannah Gerbrand, Marie. Suchtlns and Caro-
line Meissn«r. a native of Germany, aged
46 years 7 months and 17 daye.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. May 8. at 1:30 o'clock, at I. O. R.
. M. Hall. 320 Pot t street. Remains at par-
lors of California Undertaking; Company.
405 Towell street, near Post. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. .-.'..:
Chiefs and members of Modoc' Tribe No.
17. Improved O. R. M., and Pocahontas
Council No. 3. D. of P.. and visiting
brothers and sisters— You are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
Henry MuII«r. from Red Men's Hall, 3-0
Post street. Sunday. May £, at 1 p. m.
M. V. SffAGER, Sachem.
JOHN L. GLENNON. Chief of Records.
SMITH— In this city. May 6, l»O4, Edwin T.,
beloved husband of Olive Smith and father
or Alfred E.. Elbert W.. «'harl.s U and Alula
E. Smith, a native of Connecticut, aged .3
vears and 9 days. A member of Samaritan
Lodge No. 2 of Portland. Or.
SOUPKR— In th!« city. May 6. 1804 Eliza
Soupor. a native of England, aged SO years
10 months and 9 days.
TANNIAN— In this city. May C. 1804, Ann.
twloved wlf# of the late John Tannian. dearly
beloved mother of Mamie and Annie Tannian
and Mrs. William Golly, and ulster Of Mrs.
Mary Ward, a native of Ireland.
ICTFrlEnd* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 723 Waller street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Fillmore and Fell
streets, for service?, commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Ooss Cemetery. A requiem
high maps will be celebrated Monday. May
8. at 9 o'clock, for the repose of her soul.
THEXOLTH-ta this city. May 5. 1904.
George Judson, only Fon of Richard H. and
Elizabeth M. Ttvnouth, a native of West
Bt-rltelcy, Cal.. aced 10 years 4 months and
« days. » .
HATLWAY TRAVEL.
Train* leave and ar»
due to arrive aft
SAJ* JTIANCISCO.
F.OMA^ri.10.1904.
FSBST DW0T
(Foot of Market Street.)
~ 7.00a V»c«TllIe. Winter*. Bumsey... 7.50*
3\00a Benlela. Saiion, Elmtra aad Sacra-
mento • '¦*'"
7.30a Vallejo. K»p». C»l!itoz», Santa
Rota. Martlnex. San Bamon..... 6 20p
7.30a Niles, LlTermore, Tracy, Latnrop.
6tock:on KrdlV
8.00a SUasta Express - (Via D"*»>.
"WfllUmi (for Bartlett Springs),
Willows. tFrnto. Ked Blafl.
Portland. Tkobii, Seattle 7-9VT
800a D»Tis.Woodland. Knlgbu Laadlag.
MaryiTlIle. Oro»IUe ;—,'z- 7oOe
8.30a Port Cotta. Martinet Antlpch.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Lo* Bano*. M«ndota.
Annona. Hanford. VUUta,
porterrllle ;;'VV
8.M* Fort Coita. Latnrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno. Uosaen Junc-
tion, Haaford, Vlsalla, Bakers-
840a 5nei. 6*.n Joii." LirerinoYe. Stock-
ton. (tMilton). lone. Sacramento,
rucerrilla, MarysTllle. Chlco.
Red Bluft — *-20r
8 30a Otkdale. Cblne»e, Jamestown. So-
nora. Tooluuane »nd Angels..... 4 2Br
900a Atlantic Express-Oeden»ndEa«. 11.20a
830 a Richmond, Marttnex and Way
Stations •¦por
10.00a The OrerUnd Limited — Ogden.
I>«n»er.Oui»na.Ch!c«is<>. ,522?
10.00a Vullejo •¦•-• »220»
10.00a Loa An«ele» P»»»enger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
l.nthrop. Stockton. Merced.
IUymond. Fretno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Usnford, Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Dakersfleld. Los Anpeles Wi?
12.00* Hayward. Niles and W»y Stations. 320p
ti-OOi* 8«crstnento River Steamers TII.OOf
3J0p Benlcls. Wlnt&r«. Sacramento.
Woodland. Kntgbta Landing.
MaryiTllIe. OroTille and way 1(J 5flt
f.30* Hayw»°r"NHe»"a"adW"«y Stations.. 7S0p
30p Port Costa, M«rtlne*. Byron.
Trucy. Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
W»y Stations beyond Port Cost* 12 20*
SZOr Tosemlte Valley. Mon.. Wed., frt. 9 20a
3.30i« Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 20a
4 OOr Martlnei,S»n i:amon.ValleJo,N ae«.
CalUtoga. S«nt» P.o»« 9 20a
4 OOr Nllea. Trac». Stockton. Lodl .-... 4.20P
4.30P liaywartf. UHea. Irrlngton, 8an» tg.|0A
Jose. LlTermore ) tii.oOA
6-COp The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Itanos. M>mloia. Fresno. Talare,
Buiertfleld. Los Angeles 9 20*
SXOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12-20/
fS 30r Hayward. Nllea aud San Jose 7.20a
6. OOp Hayward. Ntles and San Joie 3 i0*
S.QOr Eaatern Expreas— Ogrden. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Fort Costa. Benlela, Sul-
aun. Elmtra, Davis. Sacramento.
Rockltn, Auburn, Colfax.
Trucker. Boca, Reno. Wads-
worth, Winnemacca .... 5 20'
•.OOp Vallejo, dally, except 8und»y....» 7 BQ _
7.00r Vallejo, Sanday only f
7 OOp Kirbni.mil. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Marttnes and Way Stations 11.20a
I.06p Oregon * California Kzpre**— Sae-
ramento. Marytvlile, Redding.
Portland. Paget Sound and Eaat. B-50*
fl.iOr Hayward, Nllea and Saa Jose (Sua-
dayonly) 1150*
COAST LINE (."Urrew U»i5«).
(Toot of Market Street.)
746a Santa Cruz Excurslon(Sanday only) 8 IOr
8.16a Newark. Centerrllle. San Jos*.
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 SSP
t2.16P Newark, CenterTlIle. Saa Jose,
New Almaden. Loa Gno«.Fe;ton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crus and
Prtnclpsl Way Stations MO S5a
4.1 Sp Newark. Sas Jose, Lo» Ottos and jj *8 65a
* way station* 1 tiO 55 4
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From HAN i KANCISCO. Foot or Market Si. (SltpO
-tv.is »:0O no.) a.m. 1.00 300 6.15 r.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Ilroadway — tS-.OO £3:00
18:<tt 10:00 A.M^ 12.00 200 4 OS P.M.
COAST LINE <»«««« Haage).
< PT~( third anil lo\Tn»end Streets.)
8.10a Ban Jose and Way Statlont 8-30p
!7 00a San Jose and Way Stations 5 43?
7.16a Monterey and Santa Crux Excur-
sion (Sanday only) 10 30 p
1.00a New Almaden f Turs., Frtd.. on!y>. 4-19P
8 00a The Coatt^r — Stopa only San Jose.
Gllruy (connection for Hoi lis-
ter). Pi|:«'. CastroTllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific liruvr >. Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Kobles. Santa Mar-
garita. Sao Luis Oblipo, principal
stations thence Surf (connectloa
fur LompoO. principal stations
tbence Santa Barbara.Saa Bnena-
Tentura. Burbanlc. Loa Amr<".e» . 10-48*
8.00a Ean Jose. Tres Plnos. Capttola,
SantaCruz.PaelflefiroTe.Satlnas.
Ban l.uis Oblspo and Priaclpa;
Way Station* 4.10»
10.30a San Jose aad Way Stations 1.20r
1140a SsDta Clsra. Sun Joie. Los Ga:o« _
and Way Station* 7.30>
1-30P San Jote and Way Stations 8 38a
3 OOP Del Mocte Kxprevs— Santa Clara.
San June. Del Monte. Monterey.
PacISc Grore (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa
Cruz, Boulder Creek and Narrow
Gauge Points) at Gtlroy for Hoi-
lister. Tres Plnos. a: Pijaro for
Eanta Cruz, at CastroTllle for
Salinas 12-15i»
3-30p Tres Plnoa Wst Pastenger 10 45*
4.30p Baa Jo«e and Way Stations 1800a
t5 OOr Santa Clara, Saa Jose. Lo» Gatos.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) ?SCO*
I5-30p SanJoseandPrincipalWayStatioos J340*
§45' Sonset Limited.— Kedword. San
Jose, Gllroy.Salinas.Paso Kobles,
San I.h'i Oblspo. Santa Bar tiara,
Los Angeles. Demtni.% £1 Paso,
New Orleans. New Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crus
and at C»»tr>vl:>. for Pacific
OroTe and Way Stations 7.10a
1% .1 6> Sa a M ateo. Beresf ord.Belmon t. Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
MenloPark. Palo Alto 16 48*
5 30p San Jose and Way Stations S 38*
J I.QOp Pal* Alto and Way Stattmt 10.15a
11 .iOr South San Francisco. MUlbrae. Bar
Itngarae. San Mateo. Belsiont,
San Carlo*. Redwood. F*tr Oaks.
Mrnlo Park, and Palo Alto...... 9.45?
«11.30r MayCeM, Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose J3-45P
A for Morn:n{r. P-for Afternoon. .
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
i Stops at all stations on Sunday. I
EF~Only trains stopping at Valencia Susontbhoond
are(:10A.v.. 7:00 a. h.. 7:13 *-M., U:30> "u.. 3:G0r.M.
1:30 T.M. and 8: 00 r.M.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
•t O:.1O a. m., throog-h la 3 flays
with diner and all trapping**.
Other Santa Te Trains:
9-SOa! ml for stockton . Fresno. BakersflessV
8:00 p. m'.J Merced. Hanford and Visaiia, 1
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canycn aa9
Chicago.
TICXET OPPICXS— 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot, 8. F. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South Tlrst St..
San Joae.
H_ 1 TOSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausalito Terry.
. Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:0©, 8:00.
8:CO. 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. i:t5, 2;ij, 4:13.
5:13. .6:15. 7:00, 8:45. 10:20 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCTSCO
— Dally. 5:23. 8:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:C3
a. m.. 12:20. 1:£>. 2:33. 3:43. 4:45, 5:13. «:13.
8:45. 10:20 o. ra.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Dally. 3:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:33. 0:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:33. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 5:05. «:05.
7:06. »:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
S:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way sta^ona.
5:15 p. m. week day» (Saturday exceptejj—
Toinaleit and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. n>.. Point Reyes and
way stations. * . .
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market st
FEHRT — Union Depot, foot of Mtirket st.
Tie We^jCaU
I>1 per Year*DRESSED MEATS.
* Meat Market.
-¦¦ Conditions remain unchanged. There la no
lack- or supplies -and the general tone of the
market Is weak. . •"¦ '¦¦ ¦ : -
Silver advanced %c. Exchange was un
changed.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 85U
Sterling Exchange. . sight ' 4 gju.
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 88%
New York Exchange, Bight..... .. — •¦' 02%
New Yqrk Exchange. - telegraphic. 05
Silver, per ounce. •'......... 65V4
Mexican Dollars' nominal 45 @ 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
Fwicy offerings of Oregon Burbanks were In
good request and> met with prompt sale at the
top quotation, .but such stock was In very
light • supply - and sales at the top rate were
few. $1 U5 being about the top for the general
market. River Burbanks. which were In light
supply, sold slowly •' at : easier prices, aa the
trade was running almost entirely on Oregons.
The demand for Garnet Chiles and Early Rose
for seed purposes is- about filled and they are
quoted lower. Receipts of h«w Potatoes were
increased to 421 sacks and prices had a wider
range.. Australian Qnlons -were firm at an
other sharp 'advance, and one dealer was ask
ing 5c per pound.' but no Bales were reported
at that figure.:" •
Trade in miscellaneous vegetables was quite
active '' and prices : of most kinds stood as pre
viously ¦ quoted. ¦, The usual - quantity - of , As
paragus, came In and cleaned up quickly, sur
plus stock going to the canners,, who paid 4c
for ? No. 2 and ¦ Bo per 5 pound for No. * 1 stock.
Receipts: of String Beans from the south were
over 100 sacks • and . prices were ¦ shaded. : Egg
; Plant, too, was. easier and Green Peppers sold
slowly. • ¦ > . .
Receipts' of vegetables included 939 boxes
of : Asparagus. 5<JS . boxes of • Rhubarb and »i.M$
sacks -of Peas.- v ' -
- POTATOES — Burbanks from the river.- $1 35
@1 50-per. ctl ;. Oregon- Burbanks, :$IBO©1 75
per ctl; River .'> Reds, $1©1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks "for seed, $1 25@l'5O per ctl:
Garnet Chiles. $1 2501 50 per ctl: Early Rose,
$1 '2591' 40 per ctl; new Potatoes, 1%©2c per
Australian Yellow. $3 50©4 50 B«r
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEATTLE, May 6. — Clearings, $552,915: bal
ances.* $108,532. -. - •..'<:-
TACOMA. May 8. — Clearings, $308,253; bal
ances. $39,559. "
PORTLAND, May 6 — Clearings, $490,043:
balances, 852.553... . , ' '
SPOKANE. May 6.— Clearings, $307,771:
balances, *27,327. "•;.'--;..;¦
LOCAL MARKETS.
Northern Business
— :
Dealers continue to report a quiet and un
changed _market for both Beans and Seeds
Some assorted cars of Beans are still being
eent forward, however. . . . 7
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35@2 50; Pea. $3<33 23;
Butters. $3 50@3 75; small White. $2 90@3 10 :
large White; $2 40@2 65; Pink. $3 35«3 50 :
Red. $4 50: Lima. $3 25©3 30; Red Kidneys'
$4 50®5; Blackeye. $1 90@2 10 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2@2 50. - ; „ .
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $41? I 25; Yellow
Mustard. $3@3 25; Flax. U SOftl 00; Canary
6%«i594c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%@16c; Rape'
1% ©2c; Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp. 3%fi4c per
lb; Millet. 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®21
per ton. ~ . > .
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles
$3 25; Green Peas, $3®3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. May 6.— WHEAT — Unchanged.
Bluestem., 84c; Club, 74c.
PORTLAND, May. 6. — WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 73®74c; Bluestem, 84c; Valley,- 83c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
ST. LOUIS, May 6.— Wool— Steady.' Medium
grades, combing and clothing, 20y.@21c- light
fine. 16©17%c; heavy fine, 14®l4%c; tub
washed, 20®31c. .- . I-".
St. Louis Wool Ma'jtket.
7CEW YORK. May «.— There %a« no eijrn of
•rcnial lif* In the «ock market t»-day, and the
feeble drtft of prlc-m never rot far from last
nirj>t'» level, or from last week's level. There
V-as eome heailness early, but the level of
price* cam* up later In the day. The early
h<*av^ner« was in *yrnpsthy with the sharp de*
cl!n« In Metropolitan Street Railway. The
weakTiess of thlt stork ha* been a . disturbing >
**len>ont for tome time, but to-day's selling
fi-cn,«iJ based on State railroad Aatlstlcs pub*
•lished j»rttrday. shewing the passenger traffic
of. U>* Metropolitan Company practically «ta
tlanary for the l»«t year. The Reduction waa
"drawn thul the rystem had reached the praeti
rtr limit of its carrying capacity. The heavy
•jolii outrro, the day'f fngasoroentB reaching
••H.fiOO.WKi. caufod oorne attention to be riven to
the' bsnk *tatemt-nt prospects. A large loan
<-xi*afisJon i- takrn for granti*d. There was an
eriprec'iabl> firmer tone to call money to-day.
K cnnF!d*rab!e Impetrment of the vurplua would
"¦nrt-*t»fi a eurprl-* In to-morrow'e bank state
ment. The rtatement of Secretary Shaw re
jsarrtlnir the Panama Chnal payments was ac
ce-ited to mean that $25,000,000 remained to b«
rnr.-jded. which to-morroWe gold shipment of
S4..v>o.<;<xi Fhould ko to reduce. The day's triv
ial -chancres were mostly fralnv.
T.'nitM State* J»t**l Kecond 5s were heavy en
Mi*- <rupposi:.on that the dissolution of the stock
"¦Jivernton ryndlcate will bring offcrtnes on the
nurket.
Toul ratev of bon<".K, par * r alue. f2.0fi5.000.
Vniw-d fit*tef beads wer* unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LI»T. -
:-:.,cks— Ralffi. Wtti. Low. Clone.
t f h!«r>ti 3.400 72% 72*4 72%
A«-*J«SJ1 |.M -T«l f*3 ¦ lH*i »«-%
»<jlf «• Ohio 1.400 7» 78% 73
l «al( A- tr.:'o |ifi« •. JW»iJ
' "y»<2Uin Pa"lft>. . . 3rio 117>4 117%-I17H
-£*>•.,. &oh'.o .... 100 :a)H .ton :w^,
rvf* -Alton 103 3S 38 37%
' ,^ * 'i WWi-m.. 300 iC 15% 1S%
*> ?,« Nr>rthwr<^ tn • - • • • • • • 17 °
/J Uat a j.,^,. 1#wo 142 t 4 ; U25, ll2%
* JTH irssini -HiasTnfa iKlssisisii isMUMsh l^as—i 1
Kczv York Stock Market.
• NEW YORK. May ©—Close— Money on ca!L
c*>ry, 161% per cnt doelng: bid 1. offered
1J.J.'- Tlree loons, e-asy and dull; sixty and
nirifty day*. 2V«@2% per cent; six months.
Prfme mercantile paper. 3%e4»J"P*r cent.
" "Eierlir.g exchange, neady. with actual busl
•*?**»¦¦ in banker*' bill* at $4.Stt>uQ4.WI05 for de
uaTid ard at $4.W for sixty day bills.
Torted rates. $4.S5H©4.M$ and $4.88.
«-omrnf-rclal billf. $4.Mi
llar silver. U^c
"Mexican dollar*. V.\c.
' Government bonds, Meafly. Railroad bonds.
" JrreSBlar.
iYt-rc/ York Money Market.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $23 60024 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50031;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal, $30 50@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31(332;
Mixed Feed. $21@22; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl
HAY— Wheat, $ll<gl5; Wheat and Oat ill©
14: Oat, $10@13 50; Barley. $1O@12; Stock
$10(811:- Alfalfa. $9©11 per ton.
STRAW— 50@70c per bale.
All descriptions under this head continue un
changed, Feedstuffa being in light supply and
firm and Hay In ample receipt and easy.
BRAN— $21®22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 50©29 SO per ton.
SHORTS— $21 @22 per ton
Hav and Feedstuff s.
LONDON. May 6.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 13,025 bales
There was a large attendance and bidding wax
animated. Victoria greasy combings were In
strong demand and several lots were .taken
by Americans, who also purchased some greasy
half -breds at full rates. Scoureds were firm
and unchanged. <.,•..-
London Wool Sales.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %<?lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c; medium. 8%c: light. 8c: Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy and 8c for light; Stairs.
6c: Salted Kip, 9a; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie: dry Hides, 16c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25®30c each;
short Wool. 40@65c each; medium, 70@90c: long
Wool $1<H 50: Horse Hides, salt, $2 75 for
large and $2@2 50 for medium. $1 2501 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 00 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium.
35c; small. 20c.
- TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4U©4%c per lb:
No. 2. 3%@4c; grease. 2%@3c. -
WOOL— Spring clip — San Joaquln and South,
em. 12 months', 9©llc: do 7 months'. S@lOc
p«r Ib; Middle Counties. • 12816c for free and
ll@14c for defective; Northern, 15@17c for free
and 13313c for defective: Nevada, 12@15c. ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— 24©27 per lb for California, 1903,
and 17%©20c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hams are %c higher, heavy and medium
Bacon %c lower, while sugar-cured Bacon, on
the contrary, la higher. The market Is gen
erally dull and the Chicago market Is slow
and weaker.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium. 12c for light,
13 lie for extra light and 15® 16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sug»r-cured Hams, 13c:. Cali
fornia Ham*. 12612%c; Mess Beef, $10 50®
11 per bbl; extra Mess. $1150(812: Family.
$12 5(XS13; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear.
$24; Mesa, $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig
Pork. $27: Pl«»' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef.. 14c
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 8%c f6r pure: 'half-barrels, pure.
8%c; 10-lb tins; »%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
oi^c * *
COTTOLENE— On« half barrel. 8%c; thr««
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb. ¦-->/*
Provisions.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — May. July.
Opening 03^ 0 4^
Closing 6 3% « 4%
PARIS.
.Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 95 20 35
Closing 2100 20 35
Flour —
Opening 27 70 27 35
Closing 27 80 27 45 -
Foreign Futures.
si-m - — —
FLOUR — California Family Extras $4 80O
6 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70©5-
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 S5®4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are aa
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs*
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do $4 25 :
Oat Groats.' $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25;' Buck
wheat Flour. $4 60@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75'
Rolled Oats. bbU. $7 25@S 60; in sacks. $6 75®
8 10; Pearl Barley. $C; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lba.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Miscellaneous Markets.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 30-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 4-crown.
4c per lb: 3-crown, 4$4e: 2-crown. 4c: Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c: 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%c; Seedless
Muscatels. 3Vic; do floated, 3%c; Seeded Rais
ing 16-os cartons, fancy. 5%c: choice, 5Uc;
12-<:s cartons, fancy, 4%c; choice, 494c; in
bulk, fancy. 5*4c; choice. 6c; Imperial clus
ters, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $2; London
Layers 3-crown, $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%'S14c;
No. 2 ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No 2 11©11%c; Almonds, ll%c for Nonpa
relis, ll%c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9 Vic for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6<fi7c for
Eastern: Pecans. 11013c: Coeoanuts, $4 50S5.
HONEY — Comb. 10@ll%c for white and 8%
(SOHc for amber: water white extracted. &Q
6M'c; light amber extracted. 4%^l%c; dark.
3W@4c. • ,
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
FRUITS — Apricots. 8%©10%c for Royals and
9S12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4%©
6c; sun-dried. 3©4%e: Peaches. 5%@7%c:
Pears, 8®ll%c; Figs, white. 2%@3c In boxes;
black 4Uc: Plums, pitted. 6®7%c per lb.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2£2Uc for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
CHICAGO, May 6.— CATTLE— Receipts,
12,000. Steady. Good to prime steers. $5 10©
5 45; poor to medium.- $3 00@4 85; stockera and
feeders. $3@4 60: cows. $1 4062 40; helfern.
$2 25® 4 75: cannery. II 50@2 50; bulls. $2@
4; calves, $2 KOftS; Texas fed steers, $4<Q4 60.
HOGS — Receipts. 10,000: to-mOrrow, 10,000.
Strong to lOo higher. Mixed and butchers',
$4 60@4 85; good to choice heavy, $4 70@4 90"
rough heavy, $4 60@4 80; light, $4 60®4 75;
bnlk of salen. $4 7004 80.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000. Sheep and Lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. $4 6O@4 85;
fair to choice mixed, $3 75@4 50; Western
sheep, clipped. $4@4 25; native lambs, clipped
$4 25@5 75; Western lambs, clipped, $4 50®
5 75; Western lambs, wooled, $6@0 85.
CHICAGO,
Livestock Market.
. UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.* Ask.! Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. .107% — 1 Is qr cp new.132%133%
43 qr reg...lO7 107% ,3a qr coup... — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5a. — — JO T Co 6s.. 119 —
Bay CPC Cs.101 101 Vii Do 5s Ill —
Cal C O 5s. — 105 Do con 5s.101%10.1iJ
Cal G & E g I Oceanic S 5s. 62% 7S
m & Ct 5s. 81V. 81%|Om Cable C«. — 1C2
Cal-st C 5s.ll6%117iilPac G Im 4s. — 90
C C Wat 5s. — 101 |P & Ry 5s. 104% _
EdL&Pes— — P*CH 6s. 104% —
F & C H 6s.H4%115%lp ft O R 6s.ll8 —
Geary-st 5s.. — — |Powell-st 6s. — 114
II CAS 5%s.lOO — Sac EG&RSs. »«% —
Do 5a 97% 98% SF 3c SJVSs.lie'S -^
Hon R T 6s.l04% — Sierra R 6s... — 115
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5a. — — . <18fl9) 107^1C8Vi
L A L Co 6a — — (1910) .....108%10D
Do gtd fis. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6».102%lC5 <liX»5)Sr A.101?4102i;
LAP lem 5S.101 — (19O.'.)Sr B.102% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — H9',4 <19O«> — 1C3
Do lem 5s. 113% — I (1012) — 113?;
MV& MT5s.l01%lC8%'SPC 1 eg 5a.llf» —
NRR of C6S.107 107Vl! Do stmpd..lO7T» —
Do 5s ....11«%117 IS P B R 63.1.°,2 —
N P C R 5s. — 107 S V Wat 6s.lC5 —
N C Ry 5s. 109 — Do 4a 2dm. SO 99H
N C P C 5s. W» 102 Do 4s 3(tm. 9!)% —
N S R R »3. 95 — Stkn G&Efis. 95 97%
O G L&H 5s.l06%107 V O A E 5a. — 105
O W gtd 5a. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 40 jPort Cos**... — —
Marin Co... — 61 |S V Wat Co. 38% 38%
• GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 3%|S F G & E. 61 —
Mutual EL.12 12% I Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pao L Co... 6« 60 JU G & E Co. — 33
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 \
. > BANK STOCKS. /
Am Ntl Bk..l25 — |L P & A....152% —
Anglo-Cal .. 82% 87 jMer Trust.... 2C0 —
Bank of Cal. 427% 4-10 iMerch Ex.... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 130 is F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — I -
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22C0 2330 |Sav & L So. — 10O
Hum S & L. — — ISec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — j Union T Co.. — —
S F, Sav U.625 — I
1 STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2C0 (Presidio 30% —
Geary — 80 I
. POWDER.
Giant ...... 60% 61%!Vlgorit 4% 4U
Hana P Co. — 40c tKilauea S C. t 4
Hawaiian C. 49% 5i> IMakawell C. M 22
Honokaa, S C 11% 12 |Onomea S C. — 27%
Hutch SP, C »* 9%iPaauhau S C. 13% 13%
. - MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P,A.140,140%iOceanlc S Co. — 4%
Cil F'C A.' — lf.OVilPac Aux FA. 5' n
C-; Wlne"A.-91% WVilPac C Borx.165 ' IOT
MVt MtXm.lOO-. — (••:'" .
*,W/. Morning Session.
Board—
$2,000 Sacramento Elec Ga» & Ry 5a. 97 50
$1 000 S P Of Arizona (1910) 108 73
J7.C0O S P of C 6s (l»Hi) 1O4 «J%
$1 OCO United States «3 (coupon). . . :llHt 25
$.<00O Spring aVlley 4s (3d mtge) 100 U>
il'TOO Spring Valley 4« (2d mtse)... . 0» VSV.
$ll|0CO Cal G * E een M * CT 5s.. 81 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Mutual Electric Light 12 25
25 Paauhau S P Co 13 25
Continued on Page Fourteen,
FRIDAY. May 6—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 20c
per share, payable May 10.
The Alaska Packers' Association has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of $1 per
share, payable May 12.
The Port Costa Water Company will pay
the usual monthly dividend of 30c per shar«
on May 16.
Ex-divldend yesterday: Imperial Oil Com
pany, a regular monthly cf 20c per share,
amounting to $20,0»JO. Thlrty-Thre« Oil Com
pany a regular monthly of 10c per share,
amounting to $10,000.
The Chutea Company paid a monthly divi
dend of 5c per share, -amounting to $3000, on
the 5th.
There was a good movement In bonds yes
terday on the Bond Exchange, but stocks were
dull. United R. R. 4a sold freely at $70. There
was no change worthy of note in oil and min
ing stocks.
The Sierra Nevada Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 10c. delinquent
June S.
Bonds Again in Demand, but
Stocks Inactive.
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 0.— On the Produce Exchange
to-day the butter market was easy. Creamer
ies, 14@20c; dairies. 13%fl>18c. Eggs, easy at
mark, cases included, 15K@lB?4c. Cheese
easy. 8%@10%c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
EASTERN MARKETS.
= 2 K 3 2 7
£ •-:* — ~ c ~ <o r.
- Stations. | I||g S I |- p
• ¦ i = = •--: ?
• « '. ' '
Hsker 30.04 5O 44 NE Cloudy .10
<"ar»cn 2y.M <* 4<» W Clear .00
Hurcks :t0.21 52 50 N Clear .00
Fre*Tic 30. <* KS 60 SW Cl&ar .00
S. E. Fara!lon.:tO.i« 82 r>0 NW Clear .00
Flarstafl C9.7<S 7J S4 SW Clear -00
Poc«tello 29. SO «2 4« W Pt.Cldy .04
Independence .29.72 M 54 W Clear .00
Lo* An«o;ts...2M.KS «a 50 W Clear .00
Kt T«nialpais..10.03 «3 64 NW Clear .00
North Head... :at. 24 M 44 W Ooudy .10
Phoenix 2».7o 96 56 W Clear .00
ft neyes Lt..2».!W R2 47 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.20 60 40 W Cloudy .06
Red Bluff 29-»4 82 «0 E Clear .00
Raeebur* SO.22 «0 4« NW Pt.Cidy .01
Sacramento ..ZU.bl 80 64 SW Clear .00
Pa It Lake 29.74 72 44 NW Pt.Cldy Tr.
?an Francisco. 30. 04 «4 50 SW Clear .00
Van L. Obispo.29.94 74 44 W Clear .00
San Diego 23. W «4 M W Cloudy .00
battle 30.14 S4 42 SW Pt.Cldy .02
Spokane 2».»2 58 40 W Cloudy .01
Tatoosh 30.12 !*> SS SW Cloudy .22
Walla Wa'.la..30.02 fi4 4S NW Pt.Cldy .04
Wliinctnucca .29.00 70 3ft NW Clear .00
Tun* 29.70 96 58 W Clear .00
wgAlfega t cuitmiiOKS iajto general
FORECAST.
Tne pr*»s ar* ha* riaen stowly along the coast
from Pan Francls<-o to Cape Flattery.
Light showcm have fallen In Washington
s>n'i". • Northern Oregon. The temperature con
, t;n'je* about normal Sn California.
High north winds prevail at «ea.
"" The following maximum wind velocities are
rationed : ' Point Reyes. 70 miles, northwest;
fiontteast Faralion. 44. northweiit; Eureka. 28.
"f.frth; Modena, SO, southwest; Wlnnemucca, 26,
¦ tu rthwf-Ft. " •
. Ff-rerant made at San Francisco for thirty
h'-ur* midnight. May 7:
. -"Northern California— Fair Saturday, contin
ued ftarra: fr*»h north winds In the Interior;
tr:sk westerly winds on the coast, with fog.
- Bootbera California — Fair Saturday; light
west winds.
¦ Nevada— Fair Saturday; brisk northwest
w5t:<J«.
- San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday:
fresh, v-steriy winds. . /." '.'.¦ _-
v A. G. Me AD IE, Dletrict Forecaster.
THE COAST RECORD.
Flour, qr ska .. 7,5-HO Screenings, ska.. VQ
Wheat ctls .... BRSiFeed. ska *. 73
Barley ctls 3,808 Hides. No 434
Corn ctls «3I Pelts. No 362
Bran", ska 2.590; Tallow, ctls ... 2O
Potatoes sks .. 1.2.N7 Leather, rolls .. 145
Middlings, sks.. 971 Lime, bbis .... 317
Hay. tons Ml I Wine, gals M.20O
Wool, bales ... l.OlllPugar. ctls l,ti)l>
Shorts sks ... 400! Quicksilver. ' flks. 1
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks .. 12. 6»W| Potatoes, sks ... 771
Wheat, ctls 11,0771
FOR FRIDAY. MAY 6.
Receipts of Produce.
2 p. m. Session.
December— No sales, 94% bid.
OATS — Continue steady and unchanged, with
ample offerings.
White, $1 30@l 40; Black, $1 25®1 30; Red.
$1 27%©1 35; Gray. $1 32%®1 37% per ctL
CORN — Samples on the tables are few and
the market Is still quoted steady.
Western sacked. $1 42%®1 45 for Yellow and
White and $1 37% fpr Mixed; California large
Yellow. $1 40@l 47%: small round do. $1 55®
1 60; White, .$1 45®1 47% per ctl: Ef. ptian.
$1 40@l 60 for white and $1 27%<gl au for
brown. *-
RYE— $1 30@t-32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl. 1
Feed, $1 Or.fll 08%: Shipping and Brew-
Ing, $1 12%@1 15; Chevalier. $1 10@l 20 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
- Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 94% 95 94% 04%
Open. High. Low. Close.
May— No sales. ' .
December ...$1 26% $126% $1 26% $1 26%
BARLEY — There was no further change yes
terday either in cash' grain or futures, the
market being quiet.
jf?.t/>\ : ' CASH BARLEY.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 30<f?l 35: California
White Australian. $1 52%<fjl 57%; Northern
Club. $1 30® 1 35; Northern Bluestem $1 60®
1 55 per ctl.
' FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. • High. Low. . -. Close.
May.... $127 $127 .$127 $127
December ... 1 27 1 27% 1 26% 1 26%
2 p. m. Session.
Valley, and the acreage is a little in exceea of
laBt year. -
The feature of the day was the shipping
of Argentine Wheat to America.
This market . was firm as to futures and
steady as to cash grain, with quotations show
ing little change.
CHICAGO. May «.-^Cash quotations were as
follows. Flour, quiet and easy; No.- 2 spring
wheat. 90i@94c; No.. 3, S0<S93c: No. 2 red $1 02
«1 04: No. 2 corn. 48H@-lS%c; No. 2 yellow,
52%e53%c; No. 2 oats. 41%<j341%c; No. 3
white, 42%6?44c; No. 2 rye. 71c; good feeding
barley, 32{?37c: fair to choice malting. 45@."»6c;
No. 1 flaxaeed, $1 07; No. 1 Northwestern,
$10S%; prime timothy seed. $2 90; mess pork
per barrel. $11 40S11 50; lard, per 100 pounds!
$6 47%66 50; short ribs sides (loose). $6 12%O
6 25; short clear sides (boxed), $6 25© 6 50:
whisky, baslo of high wines, $1 28; clover con
tract grade. $10 75. ¦ . • • - - -»
Articles — Receipts; Shipments.
Flour, barrels 16,700 11,300
Wheat, bushels 2S.00O 24,900
Corn, bushels. 237,600 125,600
Oatu, bushels 92.800 116,400
Rye. bushels. 3,000 2,600
Barley, ..bushels.... 41.400 2,300
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Weather Report.
O20tli Meridian— Pacific Time.)
• " SAN FRANCISCO. May 0— 5 p. m.
• ""The fonowir.g are the seasonal rainfalls to
' £«te as compared with those of same date lart
-stason and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
«?»tton» 21 hour*, season, season.
" T^rekw , O.O0 63.27 SO.46
• ri^ d ,Wff ' «.O<» 31.0H 23.15
.Sckm^Io- :::::::::: «.«> i«.7 9 w.«
«sn Fmnclwo O.00 20.M 18.28
Fr**no : 0.00 7.89 £.50
lo'tejwnderre O.00 2.5. 2.34
• £-J* Lulf Obl*po 0.W 16.89 18.49
.'Ix* Ar. B ele» ©-00 8.K3 19.29
' t*:fDleKP 0.00 4.28 11-62
The flrit Apricots of the season .appeared
from Indio. Riverside County. A crate con
taining four baskets of small but choice and
well-matured fruit of the Prlngle variety was
received and sold for $3. Fifty-eight small
boxes of Purple Guigne Cherries came In from
various points on the Sacramento River and
sold -at Irregular prices as to size, quality and
color. One lot of five boxes brought $2 per
box. while the balance of the receipts sold
from $1 15 to $1 75. Telegraphic advices from
Chicago say that the first box of Cherries to
reach that city from Sacramento County sold
for $25. The box contained eight one-pound
cartons.
The- consumptive demand for Strawberries
showed considerable Improvement, and, al
though receipts continued liberal, the market
cleaned up well and prices showed more
strength. The top quotation for the large
berries was obtained only for a few varieties,
su-jh as the Sharpless and Brandy-wine, $5 per
chest being the highest for the Mallndas,
which constituted the bulk of the offerings
of the large varieties. Receipts were 92 chests
of Longworths and 221 chest* of the large va
rieties. Dew Berries from Los Angeles sold at
15c per basket. One crate containing 30
basket* came In. The Orange market was in
good shape, as receipts were light. Old and
trashy stock was pretty well cleaned up and
there waa a good demand foreman sixes of
sound fruit. Prices were better- and haa a
wide ranee as to size both In the open market
and In the auction rooms. Only two cars of.
standard and choice Navels came in to the
auction company. The standards sold.atOOc®
$1 05 and the choice at $1 05 and $1 65.
STRAWBERRIES — $7Q10 per chest for Long,
worths and $3 60<g6 for the larger varieties.
APPLE?— $1©2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 SCO
2 25 for fancy. $1 25©l 75 for choice and 90c@
$1 15 for standard: Tangerines, nominal: Lem
ons $2 &0@2 75 for fancy. $1 50<81 75 for
choice and $181 25 for standard; Grape Fruit.
SI 25©2; Mexican Limes. $4 50®5 per case;
Bananas $2<7.'i per bunch for Central Amer
ican and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2$4
per dozen.
Deciduous'and Citrus Fruits.
• Total* 72.705 J1O1.U18
•The «Xfortn In April. 1»», were lSS.Vi-i
r«-"tals valued at ?2fr»S.91&. of which 158,078
LtVtals. valued at $265,240, went to South
ATf'.ca.
"The exports of Vrtieet from San Francisco
r> eea tn April were as follows:
•*- To Centals. Values.
Oreat BrIUin . 71.721 $100. 4f<0
Hawaiian Islands »47 1.458
Tshiti 37 60
" Wheat Exports in April.
Exports of Barley.
The fol'.owlns shows the exports of Barley
*Trom £tn Francisco by sea In April:
.. To Centals. \ alu^s.
Jf. Mt p : 10«.02t> $119,005
Hawaiian Is^nds 3i»..'.»4 35.7M
.Tustralla 8.175 11.O5O
Tahiti =•"« 304
*>ntral America 1C2 190
Mexico »» - 15
" r TotcJs 145.203 $16«.4S3
,. In April. 1903. the export* were 29.177 cent
' sj». valued at ( 33.««2. In that month all but
2*2 cental* r.ent to the Hawaiian Islands.
Adam» Con ..... 20 Little Chief 05
Alice / JSS"^ 10 -.3 75
Breece 10|Ophlr- 6 12
Bruns Con 03 Phoenix (n
Com Tunnel 14 Pqtosl 15
Con Cal A Va.. 1 60|Savage 30
Horn Silver 1 SS'Slerra Nev.....,,. 45
Iron Silver 1 76 Small Hope« .... is
Leadvllle Con ... C2|Standard 2 00
Chi Mil & St P pfd 176
Chi Term & Trans SV4
Chi Term & T pfd. .... .... .... 18
C C C &. St Louis. 100 70H 70 l i 70%
Colo Southern 100 16% 16% 1<J
Colo South 1st prd 52%
Cclo South 2d pfd. 100 22 U 22 M 22
De; & Hudson 15«
Del Lack & West 2«U%
Denver i R G 20V4
Denver & R G pfd. .v .... tJ9'.»
Eric 5.800 24% 24% . 2IT»
Erie'Ut ptd 200 63?i 03% 63%
Erie 2d pfd 100 3S*i 38^ 3S 1 *;
Hocking Valley 66
! Hocking Val pfd... 200 78 79 78%
! Illinois Central ... 600 130?, 130 130
Iowa Central iV' 17%
Iowa Central pfd.. . 100 34%- 34% 34
K C Southern 18
K C Southern pfd. 31%
Louis & Nash 400 107»i 107% 107%
Manhattan L 4,000 143*4 H-% 1«H
Metrojwlitan Secur. 200 7«U 76 76
Metropolitan St By. 10.000 10»?» lOSVi ll»
Minn & St Louis 42
M StP&Slt Ste M. 100 62 62 «12
M StP&SItSteM pfd 200 118 110 118
Missouri Pacific ... SOO 91*4 "1% &1%
Mo Kan & Texas.. .... 17
Mo Kan & T pfd 36%
Nt RR of Mex pfd 34%
N Y Central 100 115% 115'* 115
Norfolk & Western. 200 57 56% 56%
Norfolk & W pfd.. 100 88 88 S5%
Ontario & Western. 3O0 21 S .21% 21 %
Pennsylvania 25,700 114% 113% 114 V4
Pitts C C & St L 66
Reading 700 43% 43V4 43&
Reading 1st pfd :. 78
Reading 2d pfd .• ' C2
Rock Uland Co... 6.800 23>4 22% 22%
Rock Island Co pfd 5.5UO 67% 65% 66%
St L & S F 2d pfd. 700 4S 47% 47 r ri
St Louis S W 13?4
Pt Louie S W pfd. .TOO S2% 32% 32 H
Southern Pacific .. 1.10O 47% 47Vi 47%
Southern Railway.. £00 21 21 20%
Southern Ry pfd... 500 83% 83% S3',4
Texas & Pacific... 100 22% 22% 22%
To! St L t West 25
Tol St L & W pfd. 100 3S% 38% 38
Union Pacific 9.700 SI** 84% 84%
Union Pacific pfd . -•¦-•. 91-
Wabash ,18
W&bash pfd 37%
W & Lake Erie 16
Wisconsin Central. ' '. . 17H
Wls Cen pfd 300 40 39% 3S*i
Mex Cen 200 "V4 7>i 7*i
Express Companies —
Adame 220
American... ¦ . ...% lbo
V. S 103
Wells Fargro 205
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 3.400 48 47% 47*4
Amer Car & F 300 17% 17% 16%
Amer C & F pfd 70
Amer Cot Oil 29VI
Amer Cot Oil pfd 88
Amer Ice 100 6% 6»4' 6%
Amer Ice pfd 27%;
Amer Lin Oil 8
Amer Lin OH pfd 28
Amer Loco COT) 19% 18% 18%
Amer Loco p'd 1,000 84 62V4 83 V 4
Amer Smelt & R.. 1W 49 49 4*%
Amer S & R pfd... l.O<to !>5% 05 ft5%
Amer Sug Ref 300 127% 127 127%
Anaconda Min Co. 2<K> 76^ 7fii,4 77
Brook Rap Tr&n... 10.700 46% 45% 46%
Col Fuel & Iron... 1.000 32>i 30% 31 Vi
Con Gas 1.700 206*4 208 208%
Corn Products 12%
Corn Products pfd 70^4
Distillers' Secur 22^4
General Electric 157 >i
Inter Paper 800 11% 11>,4 11%
Inter Paper pfd 4 65 -
Inter Pump 38%
Inter Pump pfd 70
Nat Lead 2.400 18% 17% 18%
North American .. 100 P4 84 84
Pacific Mill 100 27 27 26
People's Gas 200 97% 97V4 97
Press Steel Car 100 27 27 26%
Prees Steel Car pfd 68%
Pull Pal Car ..... 100 211 211 210
Republic Steel 6%
Republic Steel pfd. 500 41% 41 41%
Rubber Good" 16
Rubber -Goods pfd • • . . 77
Ten Coal &. Iron.. 100 35»4 35 U 35^4
U 8 Leather 1OO 6% 6% ««4
IT S Leather pfd... 1O0 7f>% 79% 70%
TT K Realty «*X> 7% 7 7
IT S Realty pfd 1.900 CO% 59% 50%
U S Rubber .- . 16%
IT S Rubber pfd... 600 C6% 66 f.5%
i: S Steel 3.7O0 10% 10% 10%
TT S Steel pfd 11.700 55% 55% 55%
West Electrc 15.V
West Union 3.600 89% 86% 80
Total share* i>old. 30.300.
TJNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. May 6.— Bond transactions of
United RaJlroads of San Francisco: 1000 at
$78 37%. 10.000 at $78 62%. 45,000 at $78 60.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common — Bid. $* 25; asked, $4 37%. Pre
ferred — Bid. $35 SO; asked. $36 25.
v NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO5 LAN unified 4s. 101
Do coupon 105 Man con gold 4s.lO3%
Do 3s reg 106 Mex Cent 4s .... 68
Do coupon 106 Do let lnc 13
Do new 4a reg.132% Minn & St L 4s. . 95
Do coupon 132%:M. K & T 4s 100
Do old 4s reg.107 ? Do 2ds 78%
Do coupon 107 NR of Mex con 4s 73%
Atch ren 4. 100% N Y C gen 3%s.. 93%
Do ad 4s 07%|N J C gen 6s. ...130
Atlantic C L 4s. »4%|Nor Pac 4s 103%
Bal & Ohio 4s,...10r Do 3s 72%
Do 3%s 0*% Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Central' of Ga 5s.lO7 OSL 4a A partlc. 64%
Dol*t lnc 71% Pa conv 3%s.... »4*I
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lf2% Reading gen 4s... 99
Chi & Alton 3%s. 77% SL & I M con 5s.ll3%
C B & Q new 4s. 64% S L A S F fg 4s. 82%
C'M & SP Rn 4s.lO9 St LOuls SW lsts. 94%
c' & N*W con 7s. 127% Seaboard A L 4s. C8%
C R I & Pac 4s., 71% So Pac 4s 91%
'Do col 5s 80% So Railway 6s 115%
CCC A BLgn 4s.lC0% Tex A Pac lsts..H8%
Chi Term 4s .... 80% T. St L A W 4s. 69%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 59 Union Pacific 4s..jo.V%
Colo A So 4s.... 84% Do conv 4s.... 87%
CF A I conv r.s. 70H U S Steel 2d 5s.. 72
Den A Rio G 4s. 99 Wabasb 1*U ....115%
Erie prior lien 4s. Q*% Do deb B 61%
Do pen 4« 87 W A L Erie 4s.. 90
F W A D C lsUs.107% Wls Cent 4s 90
Hock Val 4%s...lO7' I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. ~9
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7g7%c, according to
quantity.
SUGAR — Tho Western Suear Refining Com
pany quote* as follows j..-r lb. In IRO-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine ' Crushed. 5.S5c;
Powdered; 5.70c: Candy Granulated, 5.70c;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.6i>c: Dry Granu
lated, coarse. 5.t»0c: Fruit Granulated. 5.HOc;
Beet Granulated (lWl-lb bags only). 5.r.0c;
Confectioners' "A. S.t'Oc; Magnolia A. 5.20c;
Extra C. 5.10c; Golden C. 5.00c: "D."
4.90c: barrels. 10c more: half barrels, 25\j
more; boxes. 50c more; 30-lb bags, ldc more
for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels. 6. 10c;
boxes. 6.35c; 1L & E. Crystal Dominos. !«.6:)c
per lb. No orders taken for less than seventy
five barrels or its equivalent.
COAL Oil,— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 2O%c; Astral. 20%e:
Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24»»,c; Elaine. 2fiV>c:
Eocene, 23%c; Deodorlied. Stove Gasoline, "in
bulk, 16c: in cases. 22 % c ; '" Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases. 19 %e; 86-degree Gasoline la,
bulk. i5c; In casts. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic P3r callow In cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5-^c spot anil 5 ; «4<x.June-
July; San Qu<?ntin. $3 40; Wool Bags. 3U:»:^ic;
Fleece Twine. T%69c.
COAL— Wellington. *S per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. $« ;rf!; Bryant. $0 DO: Hea
ver Hill. $6; Stanford $7: Roslyn. $7; Cooa
Bay. S3 50; Greta. $7; Wallsenii, $.': Rlchmoii-J.
$7 50; -Cumberland. $1U In bulk and SI I -•"> in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. *'*:
Welsh Anthracite Kgg. S13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannei, $8 50 per ton; Cek<\ *U 5»"?* M
per ton in bulk and $13 in sai-ks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per -UK> lba and $12 S'J
per long ten. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cas»a,
adit 5c: Linseed, 41)c per gallon for bailed ancl
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, TCc:
Bakers' A A. $1 ltV&l 12: Lucol. 45o for boiled
ana 43c for raw; China Nut. CUJmuc per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels; 5£c fur C»ylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached wint'r Sjtiij
Oil. 85c; natural winter Sperm Oil. S«c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. C5c; natural What*
OH. 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 60c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot •¦Oil. two: light Herring OIL
45c; d%rk Herring Oil. 4;lc; Salmon Oil. 3Sc:
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. boiled
Paint. OH. S5c; raw Paint Oil. 3:k\
General Merchandise.
The weakness In Butter Is more pronounced
and quotations are slightly lower. Stocks are
too heavy and there Is a general pressure to
sell, which buyers are taking advantage of.
There is no chance in Che*se.
•Eggs have turned very weak during the past
twenty-four hours, and. though some of the
outside houses, such as the fruit and poultry
firms, are still getting 22 %c for ranch, the
large handlers, almost without exception, are
offering their very best brands for, less money.
Close buyers found little difficulty In fllllrfg
their wants yesterday at 21©21%c. The com
mission houses, even those which have hitherto
been persistent bulls on the market, have all
turned sellers and ar» making concessions to
work off their stocks. A line of 200 cases
from. Santa Rosa, which has been on the wharf
trying to find a buyer for several days, was
offered all around, but could, not be sold. The
situation is being further weakened by liberal
offerings of Eastern at 18*J19c and by the filling
of all the northern orders which have lately
helped the market. There are now no outside
orders for anywhere on the market, and the
local demand will have to absorb the heavy
stocks If it can.
Receipts were 63.500 lbs Butter. 1306 Oases
Eggs and 31,500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands lS^glSVic
for extras and 17917%c for firsts; dalr>, l.V<?
17%c; store Butter, 13314c; cold storage, nom
inal.
, CHEESE — 8@9c for good to cSoic- n«w
and 7tf$7%c for lower grades; Young Americas.
9%@10c; Eastern. UQltoc; Western, li'plAc
per lb.
EGGS^ — Ranch. 2(Kj22c for fair to choice;
store. 17$ 20c per dozen.
Butter^ Cheese and Eggs.
The following table, compiled by Bradstreet,
the bank clearings at the principal
cities for the week ending May 5, with the
percentage of Increase and decrease as com
pared with the corresponding .week last year:
Percentage.
Cities — Amount, Inc. Dec.'
New York $1,130,380,264 17.5
Chicago 205,500.653 11.6 ....
Boston 140,834,699 .... 1.8
Philadelphia 109.670,260 .... 10.6;
St. Louis 47.687,<M4^ 10.1
Plttsburg 45,250,622 16.0
San Francisco ..'. 30,404,054 2.9 ....
Baltimore 20,501, 192- 15.0
Cincinnati 22.811,400 3.6 :
Kansas City .... 19.745,373 2.8 ....
New Orleans ] 4,471,585 12.7
Cleveland 14.623,052 14.1
Minneapolis ' 17.774,015 .... 4.8
Detroit 10.291.302 9.4
Louisville 12.517,566 9.4 ....
Omaha 8,317,553 3.3 ...'.
Milwaukee 7,070,053 7.5 ....
Providence 6, 780.600 .8
Buffalo 7.3.S0.215 .... 3.2
Indianapolis r>,«60,140 .... 12.8
St. Paul 6.520.225 10.2
Los Angeles .... 6.823,1S6 13.6 ...:
St. Joseph 4.985U17 ' 4.6 :
Denver 4.517.4S7 8.3
ColumLus 4,595,700 9.2 >....
Memphis 4,111,293 11. 0
Seattle 3,870,725 .8
Richmond 3.718.284 21.8
Washington 4.478.53*? 3.4 i
Savannah 2,621.718 .... 50.1 i
AUiany 3,946,788 .... 16.1
Portland. Ore.... 8,106.678 7.0 .'... i
Fort Worth 2,840,614 4.2
Toledo, Ohio .... 2,814,250 25.0
Salt Lake City... 3.040.716 10.6
Peorla ,. 2.454.004 11.1
Atlanta • 2,748,847 1.1 !
Rochester 8,417.451 7.2 ....
Hartford - 3.555,451) 2.5 ....
Nashville S.60O.2S9 3.7
D*s MMnes 2.7M.OH7 .... 8.1
Spokane, Wash... 2.273.705 .... 4.1 !
Tac-oma '.. l,li(»».ft40 6.6 ....
Grand Rapids ... 2.103.403 ,30.2 ....
New Havsn 2.321.079 1.2
Dayton 1,406,674 20.2
Norfolk 1.840.574 10.1
Pprlngfleld, Mass. 1.6S2.S75 .... 12.4
Worcester l,r»00.8U4 .... 24.6
Portland, Me 1.407,713 .... 4.6
Augusta, Oa 1.183.H34 17.2 i
Topeka ; 917.812 29.7
Sioux City 1.417,471 15.0
Syracuse 1, 503,981 9.4 ....
Evansville 1.2)!5.042 19.2
Birmingham 1.326.60D 10.7
Wilmington, Del. 1.2S5,77« 5.8 .... i
Knoxvllle 1.227,763 12.3 .... \
Davenport 1,0*11,768 2.S
Little Rock 764.374 17.4
Wiikffbarre 005.026 11.5
Fall River 709,047 44.1
Macon 1.100,000 61.0 ' '
Wheeling, W. Va. 77«.11« 12.1 !
Wichita l.nio.KSO .25.2 ...:
Akron 566.000 \. .. 28.0
Chattanooga 745.173 3.3
Springfield. III... U72.481 10.4
Kalamazoo. Mleh. H91.606 8.6 ....
Youngstown HR2.150
Helena ' f>*6,ftU .... 24.9
Lexington 859,530 66.2 ....
Fargo. N. D 352,255 . . .*. 32.0
New Bedford 547,21!» .... 2.1
Canton. Ohio .... 544.000 .... 18.2
Jacksonville, Fla. 853,731 116.4 ....
Lowell 409,561 .... .7
Chester. Pa 472.071 .... 10.7
Greensburg. Pa.. 462.832 .... 7.4
Ro<kford. Ill 392.1S7 4.5 ....
Blnghamton 512.600 11.1 " ....";
Springfield. Ohio. 383,413 .... 27.6
Blocmlngton, 111.. 414.516 .... U.2
Quincy. Ill 347.253 .... 3.0
Sioux Falls. S. D. 253.771) .... 17.0
Mansfield, Ohio... 174.314
Dccatur. Ill 321,631 12.2' ....
Jacksonville. 111.. 410.774 12.0
Fremont, Nebr... 1S2.6R7 .... 21.5
•Houston 11.104,836 3.1
•Galveston 6.641,000 .... 19.3
Charleston. S. C. 1,210,437 24.2 * ....
••Guthrle. Okla... 501,754 ....
Totals. U. S.. $2,053,213,123 .... 11.4
Outside N. Y. 872.832.859 .... 2.2
CANADA.
Montreal $20,837,689 ..'..' 19.3
Toronto 15,164,362 .... 0.5
Winnipeg 6,394,972 13.0 ....
Ottawa 2,489,317 6.4 ....
Halifax 1,884,750 1.4 ....
Qutbcc 1,758,173 8.7 ....
Vancouver. B. C. 1.356.305 5.4 .... '
Hamilton 1,326.432 13.3 .....
London. Ont S72.523 .... 3.0
St. John, N. B... 1,117.51)9 16.2 '. . .
Victoria. B. C... 500,550 .... 5.8
Totals. Can.. $53,807,677 7777 "7^9
•Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings. »*Not included In
totals because of no comparison for last year.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. May 6.— To-day's treasury
statement: Available cash balance, $217 -
189,546; gold, $118,020,385.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. May 6.— The cotton market
closed easy at a net decline* of 3<g6 points on
the 'old crop and an advance of 6@12 points on
the new.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, May 6. — FLOUR — Receipts,
89<K) barrels; exports, 22.000 barrels; steady
WHEAT — Receipts, 1000 bushels; spot,
firmer. No. 2 red. $1.06 elevator, $1 07@l 11
f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 0,1%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal.
Th* option market to-day was strong and
made substantial gains. The close was %$£%c
net higher. May closed 91 Vic; July. »0%c:
September, 84 %c.
HOPS— Steady. .
WOOL— Steady.
HIDES— Quiet. - .
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 Invoice.
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 10#13c. The market
for coffee futures closed steady, net unchanged
to ft points lower. Sales were reported of
f#.C0O bags, including: May, 8.45c: June,
5.50c; July, 5.fiO<S5.C5e; September, 5.85@5.95c;
December, 6.15@6.20c; January. 6.20c; May,
6.40c. ..¦¦¦,
The Coffee Exchange to-day voted May 28
an extra holiday, that day being the Saturday
before Decoration day. , ¦ •
SUGAR— Raw. firm. Fair refining. 3 3-1 6c;
centrifugal, 9« test. 2 23-32c; molasses sugar.
2 15-16C Refined was firm. ...
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPl.ES— The market shows
no improvement in point of demand, but hold
ers show confidence. Common, 4@5Hc: prime
5%«5%c: choice. 6H®«%c; fancy,, 7@7%c.
PRUNES — Continue to show easiness but
the range of prices remains unchanged at from
3c to 5%C, according to grade,
APRICOTS — Meet with -a moderate request
and rule firm. Choice, 9%@10c; extra choice.
10\4@10%c: fancy.- llfel.'Jc.
PEACHES— Quiet. Choice. 7%©7%c; extra
choice, 7%68c; fancy, 9%@10c. j
Bank Clearings.
Cons for money.. 89% |x Y Central 118^4
Do for acct 83%iNor & Western... 58%
Anf.eonda 4 I Do pfd 00%
Atchison 74%IOnt & Western... 22
Do pfd 05% I Pennsylvania C0V t
Bal & Ohio 80% Hand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 120%tReadinK ...-. 22»4
Chf« ft Ohio 31V4I Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West... 16 Do 2d pfd 31
Chi. Mil & St P.146»i|So Railway 21%
De Beers ........ 10M.J Do pfd 80%
Den & Rio Q 20%) So Pacific 48%
Do pfd ........ 72 I Union Pacific 86%
Erie 25%| Do pfd 0*
Do. let pfd 65%IU S Steel 10%
Do 2d pfd .-40 Do pfd BO*
111 Central 133%iWaba8h 1*%
Louis & Nash...ll0'4! Do Pfd 30
M. K & Tex.... 17%|Spanlsh 4s 82H
Bar stiver— Firm, 25 7-lOd per ounce.
Money— l©Hi per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bill* is 2 1-1«'S2% per cent and for three
months' bill* 2%©2% per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
WaU-strccl Stocks firm on the day. Cotton weak.
Bonds actk-c, but Stocks dull on the local exchanges.
'Silver. l /iC higlicr. Exchange rates unchanged.
Western Wheat crop returns shoiving impaired conditions.
Pacific Coast Wheat crop prospets reported brilliant.
' Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
: . Iran arid Middlings firm and Hay still zvcak.
-¦Leans avd Seeds quiet at previous prices.
Potatoes plentiful and easy. Australian Onions sliil higher.
Vegetables in fair supply and active demand.
Xo change in Poultry and Game.
" "First Apricots in from Riverside County.
¦ .Sacramento Cherries bring $25 per box in Chicago.
Strawberries firm and cleaning up well. -
Oranges in light receipt and firm.
"Hams V 2 c higher and most kinds of Bacon ]/ 2 c lower.
¦Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
\ Butter, Cheese and Eggs in large supply and weak.
Two more cars of Western Hens were mar
keted, making four for the current week. The
stock was offered at $6 COST per dozen and
met with a brisk demand at those figures.
Catlfornian Hens were very weak owing to the
competition and comparatively low prices of
the Western article.- All other kinds of do
mestic Poultry. I particularly young Roosters
and "Fryers. ¦ were quoted steady at the pre
vailing prices. , Game ruled steady under light
receipts and a fair demand.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 15® 17c per lb:
Geese, per pair. $1' 50®z: Goslings, $2 5D03 50;
Ducks. ?:><gr» 6o per dozen for old and $etf6 SO
for young; Hens.- $t ; ©0 5O for large and
$i 5CCij tor small; young Roosters. $7 5uQ
8 50;. old Roosters. $4 50t@5; Fryers. $tf«7:
Broiler*, $3g4 for large and $2£3 for
small; Pigeons. $1 25® I 50 per dozen for old
and $1 7562 for. Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geese, S3 50@4 per dozen;
White Gtese. $1 2501 75; Brant. $1.5O®2 SO;
Honkers, 84@5; English Snipe. $4; common
Snipe.. $1 76©2; Cottontail Rabbit*. ?1 7&&2;
Brush Rabbits, $1 SO; Hare. 81 5o®l 73.
Poultry and Game.
Amer Woolen ... 10 iQuincy 81
Do Pfd 73%| Shannon 7%
m Iron & 8... 11% Tamarack 00
Ed Elect Ilium.. 235 Trinity ...:. 3T4
Gen E^ctric ....156 u S Mining 20
M« 3 Electric 1914IU-S Oil 9V4
M D <> PM 72 |Utah 33%
Mass Gas ....... 39% | Victoria 3 1-18
United Fruit 110 jwinona 6%
Ln Shoe Mach... 49% j Wolverine 71
Do pfd 29%i
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO. May 6.— The Ohio crop report was
perhaps the chief factor in causing a strong
wheat' market to-day. At the close the price
of July wheat showed a gain of T4@lc. Corn
Is down %6%c Oats are oft Vfcig'Vic. Provi
sions closed 5c to 22%c lower.
The opening In wheat was firm under the In
fluence of small receipts and higher prices at
Liverpool. July at 85^@85%c. Immediately af
ter the opening there was a short period of
hesitation in the minds of many traders, dur
ing which time the market assumed an easier
turn. July celling off to 85%c. The «llghtly
bearish sentiment soon ' gave way, howeVer, to
a preponderance of bullish crop advices, the
first one of which was the Ohio. crop report.
Statistics in regard to the condition of winter
wheat In that State showed marked deteriora
tion, the figures being 53, compared with C7
last month. Shorts and commission houses be
came active buyers and-the market soon devel
oped decided strength. Some impetus was
given the upward' trend by the strength of the
Northwestern market, notwithstanding the shut
down of the flour mills at Minneapolis. A gen
eral report on the condition of the winter crop,
iwsufd by, a well known Chicago authority, was
decidedly bullish. According to this expert, a
heavy falling off 'in winter wheat conditions
was manifested in all States east of the Missis
sippi River and north of the Ohio. Some States
were said to show a decline of 10 to. 15 point*.
The loss In the Ohio Valley. It was claimed,
was the heaviest in many years.. A partial con
firmation of this figure was given In a report
from St. Louis by . another crop statistician.
Under this superabundance of adverse news the
market continued to gain in strength until late
in the session. During the last half hour real
izing sales checked the advancing tendency, and
the market reacted slightly In price.' but the
close wa» FtronK. After selling up to 8C%c July
closed at 8«H©S(J%c.
During the early part of the session . shorts
were active purchasers of corn, and In conse
quence the market ruled strong. The market
closed near the low point. - July opened a shade
to We lower at 48%c to 48|«i@48%c, sold be
tween 48W@-* fi^»c and 48%c and closed at 48%c.
In sympathy with other grains oats were
strong early In the day. After opening %@$ic
higher at 3»V6c, July ranged between 38%c and
31) Uc and closed at 38% c. ¦
lieavy celling by packers and outside Interr
estfl caused weakness in provisions. The mar
ket was firm early in sympathy with higher
prices for hogs at the yards and on the strong
grain markets, but sentiment soon changed, the
market becoming weak on poor support. At the
close July pork was down 22%c. • July lard was
7V4c lower and July ribe were off 5@7'iC
The leaSing futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May ©Otf 91^ 00 • -. fllt^
July (old) 87 «7ft 86% 87%
July (new) 85% 66% 85H ; ' 8«U
Sept (old) 81% 82K 81% 82%
Sept (new) 80% 81 % 80 V4 81 H
Corn No. 2 —
May 47% *7% 47 • 4T£
July 4«% 48% 48*4 4HYt
September 48*b 48% 47% 48
Oats No. 2 —
May 41«4 41% 41 41
July 39% 39% 38%" 38%
September ' 30% 30% 30% 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl — ¦ .v.. r
May ...1142%
July 11 95 1197% 11 62% 11 67%
September 12 00 12 00 11 82% 11 85
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May... 6 47% 6 50 6 47% 6 47%
July « 07% 6 67% 6 60 6 62%
September 6 72% 6 62% 6 82% 6 75
Short Ribs, per 10O0 lbs—
May .... 8 25
July B S5 . 6 55 ,6 42% 6 45
September 6 62% 6 65 6 57% 6 60
Future Grain and Provisions.
' Heavy purchasing of Eggs by speculators
for storage -purposes has caused wholesale
rates to. advance and:.' prices axe higher at
retail in consequence.. Supplies in the whole
sale market are commencing to accumulate,
however and prices are expected to drip
again before long. Butter and Cheese ar«
\ plentiful and unchanged. >
' Vegetables are becoming more plentiful j
every day and several kinds are lower. Straw,
berries are abundant and cheaper and Cherries
ar« added to the list of Fruits, • „
There is nothing new in Meats. Poultry or
FIth. ,
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$—010 00 New
Seattle $— @ 8 50j Wellington $— «10 00
Roelyn $ — 0 » 00| Wellington
Richmond ..$— © 0 B0| Nut .. '.8 — ® S CO
Greta $ — @ 9 00|CoO3 Bay %— @ 7 50
DAIRY PRODUCE- ETC.—
Butter cholce,sq.40@-»5! Cheese. Swiss ..250S3
Do good- .... .—^35iEggs. ranch. doz.2of{i30
Do packed,lb22«@25[ Do common. .20i@ 22 H
Cheese. Cal 10@15 Honey, comb. lb.lD<32i»
Cheese Eastern.20«25t Do extracted... 8@l0
MEATS. PER POUND—
Roant Beef. | Mutton Chop* ..15(gl*S
choice cuts ...15@20| Pork Chops — ©15
Do plain ....10®12'4|Veal Cutlets ....10©18
Roast Veat ...12i4@15|Corned Beef .... — 88
Roast Pork . . .12^®15:Beef Stew 8«IO
! Foreqtr Lamb.l2Mi@lI> Mutton Stew ... 5«g» 8
Hlndqtr Lamb.. .18Q20 1 Veal Stew 10@12'-i
Foreqtr Mutton.. SfglOJSoup Meat 5®10
: I^g Mutton ...— @12^fSoup Bones 4ft—
I Tndrloln Steak.l2%@15|Hams 15@l«
Portrhse Steak.. .l§@2n Bacon 16®20
Sirloin- Steak.. 12>4@15 Pork Bausage..l2Vifil5
Round Steak ..10012% Chipped Beef ..20© —
Lamb Chops . . . 18©20| Lard ..12&@ —
POULTRY AND GAME-'/
Hens, large. ea.75c@Sl Pigeons, pair ...— ®50
Do small ....60@60 Squabs, per palr.«30<g"0
Young Roosters. Rabbits, each ...20(^25
each .; 75c@$l|Hare, each ;— ©25
Old Roosters. ea.50®«5iEnjrlish Snipe. doz..*5
Fryers, each ,...65075! Jack Snipe, dox 8-1
Broilers, each ": .30@50!Gray Geese. each.40(@3O
Turkeys per lb.25©37| White Geeee. ea.20Q25
Ducks, each . ..75c^$l Brant, each 20@40
Geese, each.. — ©$1 50 Honkers, each ,.40®fi5
Goslings — «?$2 50
FRUITS £ND NUTS—
Alligtr Pears. ea.20@35 Limes, do* ..'... 10®15
Almonds 15020 Lemons, doz 15@:$0
Apples 5@ 8|Orangep. choice, dz2545. r >0
Cranberries qt.. — ©25! Do common l">f?20
Cherries, lb 25ig30| Pineapples each.25<850
Pecans —©20! Raisins, 1b ..10015
Brazil Nuts ....20® — IRf spberries. per.
Bananas, doz ..40@60! fcasket — @40
Chestnuts 13020! Sfrawberrie*.
Cocoanuts. each. — «U0! per basket lC®20
Dried Figs." lb.. e^lOlTangerlnes doz.. 15(820
Grape Fruit. dz.75c@$l| Walnuts, per Ib.l5@20
VEGETABLES — . •
Asparagus,-' lb...*6@10 Mushrooms. lb..50c<f?$t
Artichokes. V doz.lt">@30 Onions, per lb... — @ 5
Beets, dozen 10©-^ Okra dried. lb...20@ —
Beans, white, lb. B© — Potatoes, old. lb. 2® 3
Colored, per lb. 5® — Do new.' lb 4@ 6
Dried Lima; lb..— <S 6 Parenlps, per dz.lS^O
Cabbage, each... 5$10 Radishes dz bcb.l5@20
Celery, head ... 54U0 Rhubarb. lb # ....3@5
Cress, d* bunch.l5@ — Sage, dz bnches.'J.Vti —
Cucumbers, each. 10« 15 String Beans. lb.lO@15
Garlic 20(f?25 Summer Sfjuash. -¦
Green Peppers,lb.l5@30 per lb ...:.. .12^-815
Dried Peppers... 10«20| Spinach, per lb..'5®6
Egg Plant. lb..25@30rThyme, dz bnchs.25@30
Green Peas, lb.. 3<JS 5 Turnips, per doz. — tf?15
Lettuce, per doz. 153,30 Tomatoes. Ib...l2tt@15
Leeks dz bunch.l5@20
FISH—
Barracouta ..... — «S15|Rockcod ..'. — ©15
Carp 10®12iVSea Baas — @15
Catfish — «?12V4 Smelts .—©15
Codfish — @12% Soles 1O@15
Flounders 1CKS — Skates, each ....10015
Halibut 15@— Squid — @—
Herring 8#10 Tomcod 12«4®—
Mackerel — @ — Turbot f .. 20@—
Do horse 15@— Trout — @60
Rockflsh" — P12H Brook Trout 75@80
Salmon fresh . . 15(820 Whlteflsh 10«j —
Do smoked . ..15<5r25 Clams, gallon ...60$ —
Sardines 10@— Do hardshell.lb 8010
Shrimps — ® 10 Crawfish ....... .. — <U —
Shad 10^— Crabs each ..-..15025
Striped Bass ...15020 Mussels lb 12H015
Perch 10®— Oysters. Cal. 1QO.4O«5O
Pomplno ........ — @ — Do Eastern. dz.30@40
Family Retnil Market.
ctl; new. Red. $1 7382 per cU; new Green.
60c per- box. -¦•-'• - ¦¦ •. • ¦ v
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 4%©7c per lb:
Rhubarb, 85<?5Oc-for bay and 60075c per box
for San Jose; Green Peas. »1©1"3; Garden
Peas, 2!i«:fc per lb: String Beans, W
7c per lb: -Tomatoes. . $1©1 50 ' p«r
box or crate for Los Angeles and $1 25«1 M
for Mexican: Summer Squash. $1 25@1 SO P«r
box; Cabbage, $1 00 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per
tack: Hothouse .Curumb-n. 75c@$l 25 per
dozen; Garlic, nominal; Egg Plant, 15<820c
per lb; Dried Peppers, 8@lt)c for sun-'lr'.ed
and 12HC13c per lb for evaporated: Dried
Okra. 12HO15c per lb; Green Peppers, SeiSVjc
per lb for Loa Angeles and lS@20c for Mexican;
Marrowfat Squash, jobbing at ltt@2c per lb.
15 7C; No. 0- foundry, Northern,: $14 75@15 25;
No. 1 : foundry,-- .Southern and No. 1 foundry.
Southern, soft. *14®14 50.
Chicago Board of Trade.
THE- SAN FRANCISCO v GALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, -190£-
¦ WHEAT— Chicago , v was 1c higher. . and al
though cables wsre Indifferent, the specula
tive sentiment was bullish on the crop pros
pects, as all currant estimates are agreed that
the - crop has suffered a marked diminution
during the'past month. The Ohio State report
gives -a condition of 53. - against 67 In April,
and the Kentucky report CO, araln»t 75 last
year.-- Snow'a report, - issued yesterday,- was
very : bullish, giving : the . average condition ¦ at
74.5, against 80.1 a month , ago, the lowest
May average Since 18S8. ¦ By States the esti
mate was: . Ohio, ¦ 57:: Michigan, CO; Indiana,
53; Illinois. 77; Mlwmrl.' Kansas and Nebras
ka, 81 ; Oklahoma. . 68; ' California. - 00; " Oregon.
90. and Washington. 100. Spring seeding' Is
t radically finished. -< except In « the" Red River
Wheat and Other Grains.
. Spelter was unchanged at £22 7s 6d in Lon
don and at $5 20@5 25 in the New York mar
ket.- . ¦.¦-.: - '.< ¦-¦--¦>- ¦ . . ;:¦-, .;.
. x lron closed at C2s . In Glasgow and . at . 44s
"i^d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron Is' quiet.
No 1 foundry. Northern, is auoted at S15 23©
NEW YORK. May 6.— Tin was a little lower
In the London market with spot closing at Ioh
lower at i*27 6a. -while futures declined 7s «d
to £125 12s 6d. Locally. the market was in
fluenced somewhat by the ~dt-cllne abroad, clos
ing easy at $27 75628.
Copper also was lower In the English mar
ket. Spot closed at a decline of 2s 6d to
£58 Cs. while futures lost Is 3d and closed
at the same figure. Locally copper was un
chanKed.' Lake, $13 CO; electrolytic. $13 12'4@
13 25: casting. *12 87%«tl3 12%. • ;*'¦¦.¦
Lead advanced 2s 6d to £12 In London,- but
remained quiet here at $4 <WH 65.' - >' ..
New York Metal Market.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— US Steel ;... 9%
Call loans ...... 2©3% Do pfd 68%
Ti.t.- loans 384% Westing Common. 78
iv./jos — Mining —
Afhlfon 4s 100% Adventure 1*4
:; o f 4s 91 Allouez -6
Mex Cent 4s 08% Amal Copper .... 47?;
I;al!«oad«— Amer Zinc .9%
Atcb'zci- 72*, Atlantic 7%
To pfd »2% HlnRham 21%
Uc*ton & Albany.240 Calumet &'Hecla.465
lioston & Malne.l«7% Centennial ..;.... 20ft
Boston Elev HO Copper Range ...'43.
FKchbunc pfd....l38 ' Daly West;..: 22H
Mex Central ..:.. <"«% Dom Coal ........ 85
N T-N-M & H..ISS Franklin ..,....„ 7%
Pere* Marquette... 1S.U, Grancy ......'.;.. 4
Union Pacific... .84% Isle Royale ...... 6J4
Miscellaneous — . Man Mining . . . .' 4
Amer Arge Cbem. HSiiMlchlgan 4
Do pfd *42%!Hohawk V.; r 41«
Amer Pn*u- Tube- 4% Mont Coal & Coke ?%
Am*r Sugar 127% O!d - Dominion:... M2%
Do pfd :.....'.". -1?«U OsopoU '..:......'. 67W
Amer Tel * Tel. 12tf 141 Parrot -a*
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers.. 8® 9c; Cows and . Heifers.
7@8e; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb. ¦ - - -
. -CALVES — 1@4%C per lb ' (gross ¦ weight)
SHEEP— Wethers. 3*;©4c: Ewes. 3ViC3Uc
per lb (gross weighb. .»*.ti
LAMBS— $2 60@'^r5 per head
IIOGS— Live Htgs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5\c;
over, 200 lbs. 6%©5%c: soft Hogs.' 4^e52<T
Sows. 20 per cent oft; Boars. 60 per cent-off.
and; Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tion*. ~ ¦ *«Kiig|feB.'r - .... .
Wholesale rates from! slaughterers to dealers
arc as follows: / - . , ..
-BEEF— 7©Sc for St«feri and 667c per Ib for
Cow«. . . /- . .
VEAL— Large. 8©9c; .¦mall. 8%®9%c per
pound. .•¦- ¦ • ' » -
MUTTON — Wethers. 8©8%c: Ewes. 7%C8c
per lb. . • - •
LAMB— 10#10%c pe^-Ib. - v
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%©9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SAIL
*B> 5^ &>
AUCTION SALE!
FIFTY-FIVE HEAD MARES AND GELD-
INGS, broken and halter-broken, ages U to s.
weight 10CO to 1400 pounds. Matched. i;ai.'.
Consigned by C R. SUGGETT. CoUeste City.
*Also a number of SHETLAND PONIES an4
a PERCHERON STALLION, black, 4 year*
Old. 17G0 pounds.
Sale takes placs
Monday Evening, May 9, 1904,
At 8 o'clock, at
Salesyard 1732 Market st., cor. Van Ness
ave., San Krar.ctseo.
Horses at yard Sunday. May 8.
FRED II. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Killip & Co.,
j.. -¦'>'.¦ Livestock Auctioneers.
at Auction.
On MONDAY.. May 9. at 11 o'clock.
• At JOHN SOUTH 1 S STOCKYARDS.
TWELFTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
Ey order of S. Harris of Modcc County 1
Will sell «5 head of choice, sound young horse*
that welch from lloO to 1 I'm; blocky and
heavy boned: are all in good condition, and
have been driven. Any one wanur.s to pur-
chase good sound young borsea at his own
price ' should be sure and attend this sale.
The above stock are on the way and will ar-
rive at the yards Saturday morning, and must
and will be sold. S. W ATK1X*?. Auctioneer.
Office. 122 Grove 8t.Olympic .Club Night.
The Pure Food and Industrial Ex
position at Mechanics* Pavilion was
thronged last night by members of the
Olympic Club and their friends. Sev
eral boxing bouts between well known
amateurs were pulled off. for the edi
fication of the large crowd. .
To-night the commercial travelers
will hold forth at the fair and a grand
prize cakewalk has been arranged.
Sewer in Bad Condition.
Property-owners filed a petition yes
terday with the Board of Works that
the" sewer-.in Bryant street, between
Fifth and 'Sixth, be cleaned, as the
health of residents is endangered by
its present choked condition.
. wife-^Dld doctor prescribe Old Gilt EdguT
Husband — No; < be . said get the best whiskey.
He > knew . that ¦ I knew and now you know
which is the best. Wholesale at 29-31 Battery
St.. S. F. Wlchman. Lutgen & Co." •
The bulk of the fruit shipments orig
inate in Northern California at points
along the Southern Pacific, and efforts
to change the routeing of these ship
ments from over the mountain road to
that of the Santa Fe, even had the lat
ter carried out its plan to invade the
Sacramento Valley, would be regarded
as improbable. Instead of a third of
the business, which i^ has been getting
in the past. local railroad men, believe
that the Santa Fe's future share of
shipments will, if the Southern Pacific
maintains its new position, be less than
750 cars from this State. A chance to
retaliate in the citrus fruit shipping
business in Southern California Is
hardly within reach of the Santa Fe,
for the reason that the territory is
about equally divided between the two,
which are now dividing the traffic.
Before further business can be con
tracted for by Eastern road repre
sentatives here the Transcontinental
Freight Bureau will have to pass upon
the action of the Southern Pacific and
fix a new rate.
ern Pacific, and it is expected that the
Santa Fe will make, a hard fight to
capture this business, although many
railroad men theorize that the shippers
will object to taking a chance with
their fruit over the long southern
route in the hot season of the year.
Honolulu Collector Resting.
E. R. Stackable, Customs Collector
at Honolulu, is taking a vacation in
this city for his health.
The overworked Eye. the faded Eye.
the red and inflamed Eye, the Eye that
needs care, relieved by Murine Eye
Remedy. No smarting. •
FOUND OX SIDEWALK. — John Hayes, a
machinist, was found unconscious at Eight
eenth and Kentucky streets early yesterday
morning with a fractured slujll. It is thought
he fill and struck h'.z head against the Dave
merit.
Locs of hair, which often mars the prettiett
face, prevented by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Parker's Ginger Tonic alleviates suffering. •
PORTER FATALLY HURT. — Matthew
Moran, a Dorter, fell from a window at 102
Jones street yesterday morning: and received
injuries that will result fatally. «
Many see Indian pueblos from the
windows of the "California Limited,"
but few realize that they are centuries
old. Through New Mexico, Colorado and
Kansas, where now speed the Santa Fe
trains, once roamed Kit Carson the
Scout, with many another border hero.
If interested in going to the World's
Fair the Historic Way. ask about the
Santa Fe at 641 Market street, San
Francisco. . •
The Historic Way.
profits.
. A trip was made through the exten
sive plant. Everybody ate prunes,
cooked ones were on the table for lunch,
dried ones were stacked to the ceiling
in bins. Each of the guests was
handed a sample package. Points of
interest were visited throughout the
city and later through Stanford Uni
versity at Palo Alto. v.
As the visitors entered the^ waiting
train to return to San Francisco good
bys were said to the San Jose commit
tee, and from now on every delegate
to the seventh annual convention of the
National Retail Grocers* Association
who was on the excursion yesterday
will be a walking advertisement for
California and Santa Clara Valley
fruits.
- F. W. Crandall, manager . of the
Sorosis Fruit Company, said he
was glad of the opportunity to talk to
the men who have the handling of the
Santa Clara Valley fruits in their
hands in the East, as he desired to call
their attention to the fact that at
present they are charging prices which
give them from B0 to 100 per cent profit,
and that fact retarded the demand for
the goods. He appealed to the grocers
to push the fruits from that section
of the State and to take a hint from
what he had Just told them about
A. W. Farlinger, the new president
of the association, responded In the
name of the association.
I Los Gatos was reached about noon,
and the guests were given ample time
to take in the sights of that pretty
town. Returning to Sorosis the guests
were directed to the building of the
company known as "social hall," where
a bountiful lunch was served.
Speeches were made by C. H. Teb
betts of Chicago. W. P. Lyons of San
Jose, A. W. Farlinger of Atlanta (Ga.),
A. J. Ross of San Jose and C. R. Lott
of Chicago. In behalf of the Chamber
of Commerce, Mr. Lyons welcomed the
association.
D^elegates to the National Retail
Grocers' Association are full of prunes.
They are also full of facts regarding
California, which they will use in their
conversations for years to come. Many
of them have started fot their Eastern
homes and the others will leave to-day.
Yesterday was spent in the vicinity of
San Jose, and it was there they got
the prune habit and facts and figures
to astonish their neighbors when they
go home.
A committee of fifty, composed of
members of the San Jose Chamber of
Commerce and the . Grange, was on
hand to extend the hospitality of the
county to the visitors. Interurban cars
were in waiting, and the start was
made for Los Gatos. Many of the dele
gates had taken the regular train in the
morning and were also on hand to join
In the trip, there being more than 200
in the party.
Of the entire deciduous fruit district
in. this State the only portions tribu
tary to the Santa Fe are the vicinities
•of Vlsalia, Bakersfleld, Fresno and
smaller points along the Santa Fe road
in the San Joaquin Valley, j which are
a!so touched by the lines of the South-
"Manager Leeds of the company's re
frigerator car service is now here work
fhg- on these plans, but he has barely
entered into the details of the scheme
tfel&re Traffic Director Stubbs, with no
doubt the approval of E. H. Harriman,
'has thrown a serious obstacle in his
way by declaring off the existing Joint
rate which has governed the cost of
shipments of fruit over portions of the
Southern Pacific to transfer points of
the Santa. Fe.
It v.as declared yesterday that the
Santa Fe would accept the notice as a
challenge for a fight and would proceed
to give its rival a fierce one, but among
railroad men it is generally conceded
that the Southern Pacific has its com
petitor at its mercy and that the trou
ble will end by the Santa Fe abandon-
Ing its Sacramento River- Antioch pro
ject.
SANTA FE IN A BAD WAY.
The annual shipment of deciduous
fr-uits from California is about 7500
cars, of which the Santa Fe has been
getting about one-third, handled by
way of Pueblo over the Southern Pa
cific and the Denver and Rio Grande.
Recently the Santa Fe conceived the
pJan of establishing a steamer service
along the Sacramento River, connect
ing with Antioch, and thereby bid for
a greater proportion of the fruit ship
ment business.
' Yesterday the representatives of the
various Western lines in this city re
ceived from Robert H. Countlss, local
agent of the Trancontinental Freight
Bureau, a formal notice to the effect
lha^ the Southern Pacific Company
would henceforth refuse to join with
the" Santa Fe in the prevailing through
rate on deciduous fruits, and the agen
cies of Eastern roads were instructed
to cancel all contracts for shipments
made under the abolished rate.
The announcement caused consider
able comment and was accepted in the
light at a direct slap at the Santa Fe
for its recent temerity in planning to
invade that portion of Northern Cali
fornia tributary to the Southern Pacific
liftes in search of fruit shipments.
FIGHT MAY ENSUE.
Following closely on the announce
ment that the Southern Pacific and
the' Santa Fe roads have entered into
an alliance in so far as their Northern
California coast counties interests are
concerned comes the news that the
traffic director of the Harriman line is
prepared to freeze the Santa Fe Com
pany out of a share In the deciduous
fruit traffic in California.
The announcement was made at the
meeting yesterday that A. B. Spreckels,
president of the commission, would
leave the city for Europe next Mon
day. Commissioner Altman is prepar
ing to take a vacation in June.
The subject of a site for the monu
ment in honor of the volunteers in' the
Spanish war was incidentally discussed
yesterday. Ex- Mayor Phelan recom
mended that the monument be placed
at the intersection of Market street and
Van Ness avenue. Commissioner Alt
man was requested to confer with
Sculptor Tilden.
On competitive bidding the contract
for supplying 2000 feet of VA inch four
ply rubber hose at 17 cents per. foot
was awarded to the Gutta Percha Rub
ber Manufacturing Company. The con
tract for 3000 feet of 1 'nch four-ply
rubber hose was awarded to the West
Coast Rubber Company at 12 cents a
foot. Other bidders whose figures were
a little higher on both sizes of hose
were the Gorham Rubber Company,
Revere Rubber Company, Pacific Coast
Rubber Company, Goodyear Rubber
Company and Bowers Rubber Com
pany, i
The contract for paving the new ten
nis courts with bitumen was awarded
to the City Street Improvement Com
pany, the lowest bidder, at 4V6 cents
per square foot.
BIDS ARE LET.' — .
The board, on motion of Commission
er Dingee, and by unanimous vote
granted Superintendent John McLaren
leave of absence for three months with
pay to enable h v i~ to visit his mother
near Edinburgh, Scotland. The Super
intendent's mother is 87, years of age.
Twelve years have passed since he has
had a vacation. ¦ •
At the request of James D. Phelan,
chairman of the San' Francisco .Com
mittee of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position, and on the consent of Com
missioner Altman, the curator of the
Park Museum, C. W. Wilcomb, was
given leave of absence for two months,
with pay, to enable him to visit' St.
Louis and install the exhibit in -the
San Francisco building. Mr. Wilcomb
will leave here next Monday.
The profits of the children's play
ground for the month of April amount
ed to $884 94. The Japanese tea garden
for the same month returned a profit
of $103 64.
At the meeting of the Park Commis
sion yesterday afternoon at the office
of Reuben H. Lloyd, representatives of
assc-ciations interested in the proposed
new athletic grounds and speed track
in Golden Gate Park were clearly ad
vised that work of construction could
not begin until the outside contribu
tion of $25,000 was available. Commis
sioner Lloyd, who presided in the ab
sence of President A. B. Spreckels,
stated distinctly that $25,000 of public
money had been set aside for the en
terprise and that work would begin &s
soon as an equal amount was placed
at the disposal of the commission. The
work, when once begun, would be push
ed to speedy conclusion. Commissionern
W. J. Dingee and A. Altman concurred
in the sentiments expresed by the pre
siding officer. I. L. Borden, F. J.
O'Kane, A. W. Morganstern and oth
ers of interested delegations will pro
ceed with renewed vigor to raise the
money. Mr. Borden announced that
the horsemen had $10,000 In bank. He
desired that the work should begin
on the assurance that the remaining
$15,000 be raised, but the commission
declined firmly but courteously to en
tertain that proposition.
I LEAVE FOR McLAREX." -V
Park Commissioners Beady
to Receive the Promised
Cash for Athletic Field
Two Hundred of National
Members See Great Fruit
Valley and Its Products
Southern Pacific Cancels
Joint Kate on Deciduous
Fruit Shipments to East
GROCERS VISIT
SANTA CLARA
Commissioner of Public Works
Woodward recommended yesterday on
the part of the Bureau of Engineering,
of which he is in charge, that Har
rison and Florida streets, from Army
to Precita, and Bryant street, from
Twenty-sixth to Army, be filled in and
graded in order to get rid of the ob
jectionable morass near Twenty-sixth
and Army streets. This recommenda
tion is contingent on the cost of the
grading not exceeding one-half of the
assessed valuation of the surrounding
property, according to charter require
ments. The building of a sewer in
York street, from T-r/enty-sixth and
Army, will also be included in the
recommendation.
Engineers Propose Plan to Fill in
Morass on Twenty-Sixth and
Army Streets.
FREEZING OUT
THE SANTA FE
RECOMMEND GRADING
OF VARIOUS STREETS
MONEY MUST
BE PRODUCED
Before Judge Cook dismissed the
Jury he warned, them" that .nothing
which had, been said by Assistant Dis
trict Attorney -Ashe was to beconsid
erd;in the light of evidence, and that
the jurymen were expected to Judge
the facts solely from the evidence of
the witnesses and riot from the state
ments of counsel^on either side.
When the afternoon session convened
General 'Salomon announced that, in
view of the court's instructions to the
Jury, h? had determined to await un
til the opening of the defense to make
his preliminary remarks to the jury.
The prosecution then proceeded to in
tr6duce*te«timony.
. ; JURJl' WILL VIEW SCENE.
Corporal <George W. Russell of the
Police Department, who made a topo
graphical chart of the neighborhood
where the body of Blaise was found on
the .morning of .January 11, was the
first .witness. He testified that the ob-,
servations upon which the map ; was
based were made on January. 13.. At
that time he found a pool of blood.be
low a retaining wall on Russian Hill
in the Taylor-street cut, and explained
fully the relative distances from vari
ous points of location, the height of
the hill and - other data tending to
prove the place of crime. His observa
tions will be more fully gone Into- after
the jury has visited the neighborhood
where the body, of Blaise was found.
James W. Fowler, employed , as so
licitor for the Pacific Mutual Insurance
Company, was the next witness. He
! testified that on the evening of Decem
ber 23 he visited the room at 827 Jack
son street, occupied '. by. Soeder and
Blaise in response to a letter signed by
Soeder and given to the solicitor, by
the manager of the company.' Soedfer
was not at home at that time, and
Blaise could riot talk English.
Accordingly Fowler returned the
following evening, arid, was met by
Soeder outside the entrance toj-the
house. The- two entered together and
found Blaise there. After some dis
cussion an application ' for an accident
policy for $3000 was written in Blaise's
favor, the beneficiary being his wife.
Then Fowler. urged Soeder to take out
a similar ¦ policy ' for himself and • the
; latter, finally agreed, suggesting at the
; same time that Blaise's \ policy should
be changed so as to make Soeder. the
beneflciar'y and Soeder's ' policy should
name Blaise as the beneficiary. The
applications .were filled. out according
ly, and at Soeder's request; the policies
were mailed to ' him ; the day • following.
£...iMiuii^> «i ¦ -iii -.1 !¦¦¦ ¦ <mi ¦!¦ j Mtiim. .iinni ii1W» j tn iii yrtr»a«inrTfiniT"M-r it a
General Salomon, chief counsel for
the defendant, stated to the court that
he desired to enter a general objec
tion to the opening statement of the
prosecution, as portions of it had dwelt
on matters that could not possibly be
accepted as legal evidence in the
charge. Judge Cook overruled the ob
jection on the ground that it should
have b<;en made specifically at the
time the alleged violations were made.
General Salomon then announced that
he desired to make his opening state
ment to the Jury before the prosecution
started to introduce testimony. This
ended' the morning session. -
The' Assistant District Attorney was
particularly insistent on the contention
of the prosecution that Blaise^had -no
money of his own, and therefore could
not have been killed for motives of rob
bery. He also promised to prove that
Soeder was absolutely without money
until he had obtained $130 on the watch
and ring which he had claimed to have
been robbed of while on his way East,
and on which pretext he secured $100
from Miss Flatley by telegraph just
before he sailed for Europe.
At the conclusion of the opening
statement Judge Cook suggested that,
as it would be necessary for the jury
to visit the scene of the crime,, it
would be proper on the part of the
prosecution to introduce only, such wit
nesses as could testify to matters pre
liminary to such inspection. District
Attorney Byington asked the in
dulgence of the court; on .' behalf of
James W. Fowler, a solicitor for the
Pacific Mutual Insurance Company,
who was compelled to leave the city
to be at the deathbed of his mother,
and the court*, readily granted, the re
quest.
OBJECTS TO STATEMENTS.
He reviewed in full the circumstances
of Soeder's trip to Germany, his alleged
decoying of Blaise from his home and
the attempt to secure large amounts
of insurance on the latter's life by
Soeder. • As a motive he described the
defendant's infatuation for Miss Cath
erine Flatley, who is one of the strong
est witnesses against Soeder and whom
he had promised to marry as soon as
he had acquired an alleged estate in
Germany, which he said had been left
him.
REVIEWS SOEDER'S LIFE.
AH the testimony introduced yester
day in the trial of Leon Soeder for the
muKler of his brother-in-law, Joseph
Blaise, on the night of January 10,
when the latter's throat was cut, con
sisted of two witnesses who have been
on the stand in the preliminary'exam
ination. The first of these was Cor
poral George W. Russell, official topog
rapher of the Police Department, and
James W. Fowler, a solicitor for the
Pacific Mutual Insurance \ Company.
Their testimony was about the same
as they gave at the preliminary hear
ing.
The panel was completed at 11 o'clock
yesterday morning by the acceptance
by both sides of J. C. Pascoe.'who is a
manufacturer of chronometers and
nautical instruments at 305 Battery
street and who resides at 305 Steiner
street. It was fortunate from a point
of expedition that he proved accept
able, as he was the last remaining
talesman out of a list of forty sum
moned, and another venire would have
been forced by his dismissal.
R. Porter Ashe, who is assisting Dis
trict ¦ Attorney Byington, made the #
opening statement. He spent exactly
an hour in addressing the jury and did
full Justice to himself and his cause.
Briefly reviewing So'eder's birth and
previous manner of life, he plunged
into the chain /of „; circumstantial evi
dence that has been forged around the
defendant in connection with the mur
der of Joseph Blaise, his * brother-in
law. / ¦/'.'. -J .
Judge Cook announced, when the
witness had concluded, that an ad
journment would be taken until Mon
day afternoon at 2, o'clock, when the
jury and himself would view the
premises surrounding the place where
the body was found. As he expected
this would consume most of the after
noon he excused all other -witnesses in
the case until Tuesday morning at 10
o'clock. '. . \
As far as intimated in the opening
statement by Assistant District Attor
ney Porter Ashe there has been no new
evidence developed for the prosecu
tion since the preliminary hearing of
the defendant. In police circles, how
ever, it is steadily rumored that de
velopments are at hand that will posi
tively connect Soeder with, the murder
of his brother-in-law. It is claimed
that during the eight hours' freedom
Soeder enjoyed between the discovery
of Blaise's body and his final arrest he
made efforts to secure an alibi and in
one of. these attempts he practically
admitted his connection with the mur
der. Detective Tom Gibson and other
officials connected with the case will
neither deny nor confirm these rumors,
but they are so persistently circulated
as to give belief Ahat at least one new
and important witness has been se
cured. .
At this visit some conversation was
indulged in "between the witness and
Soeder regarding an endowment policy
for $10,000 on Blaise's life. Fowler
told Soeder that he could not write that,
as his duties were confined to accident
and health policies. He promised to
notify his company of Soeder's desires
and on the following evening called
at Soeder's room with W. Osbourne, a
solicitor in the life insurance depart
ment of the company. Soeder -made
a request for a $10,0 00 'straight life pol
icy for Blaise and the application was
made out; Osbourne asked for a deposit
and Soeder gave him $50 to bind the
contract in case the risk should be
assumed by the comr/any.
On the following evening Fowler,
Osbourne and Dr. Mizner, medical
examiner of the company, called on
Soeder and Blaise. Osbourne told
Soeder that the company refused tWe
$10,000 risk, but was willing to grant
one for $3000. Soeder appeared much
put out at this news, but finally ac
cepted the $3000 policy, and between
him and Blaise the' balance of the
money, was paid In cash.
At this time Osbourne told him that
he might be able to get the additional
insurance from some other company
and promised to try to secure it. He
made an engagement with Soeder, but
Fowler could not state for what time
or , what place the engagement was
made, as he had not paid much atten
tion to the conversation. The cross
examination did not affect the wit
ness' testimony in any particular.
JURY WILL VIEW SCENE.
WANTS LIFE INSURANCE.
The policies ran until January 16 and
Soeder paid $10 to Fowler as premium.
Though Surprises Are Rumored, None but
Old Witnesses Testify and State Gives
No Hint of Sensational Developments
JURY SECURED IN SOEDER MURDER
TRIAL AND PROSECUTION OPENS
the- san francisco; call, Saturday, vmay^t, 1901.
Duane was booked at th4
Southern police station last night on
a charge of robbery. It la alleged that
he robbed Reuben Oberwell of So at
the corner of Fifth and Mission
streets.
Charged With Robbery.
WOULD COMPLETE STOCK DEAL.— Henry
Voorman yesterday filed a suit against W. O.
Kerckhoff and A. O. Balch to compel each ol
them to pay htm $18,025. alleged to be the bal
ance due on the purchase price of 142 shares of
stock In the Fresno Railway Company, pur
chased by the defendants. He also asks > for
Interest from November of last year,' the time
the sale was made.
16
pVERY one of thc four hundred % vehicles in
our store is new since January 1st. The fire^
last July took all the old ones. You will be in-
terested in seeing the finest assortment of Car-
riages ever shown west of New York City
ftTUPERAKmlteos. Company
OF CALIFORNIA.
Carriage RepairingProperly Done.
Market and Tenth Sts.
Catalogues Furnished.
25c Stock Collars IQq
Every Collar in this lot is positively
worth 25c, Made of white pique and
la wn piped in contrasting colors.
Several styles to select from.--^:: : r :
FLOWING MESH VEILS, f)C n
USUAL 50c KIND......* 0 *' : '
This is a manufacturer's safe of
handsome veils in blue, brown and
black. These new veils are 1 1-2 yds.
' long, are regularly worth 50c each,
you have your choice to-day O/T«.
for ".... £U Y
'. USUAL ¦ IQ*
35c BELTS I O C .;
A snap for To-Day's Shoppers— The
season's fad in black, red, tan and white
crushed leather belts.
15c POLKA r
DOT SILK RIBBON %J C
A better ribbon value has never been
offered. 5000 yds. of ribbon 3 1-2
inches wide in every new Spring color,
including white. Ribbons bought to retail
at 15c, and good values at that. r~
TO-DAY ONLY :,. °C
CARRIAGE BAGS "7 JT~
$1.25 VALUES A T / OC
They're all the rage now and are hav-
ing quite a brisk, demand. Your choice
to-day in tan, gray, brown or black "JE^
at. ../ U( *
CHILDREN'S NARROW- •//)/
RIBBED HOSE. Always 1^ V f n f*
25c To-Oay ... .... * 2*f :
.500 pairs to go at this price. That's
all. They have double heel, etoe and
knee; a quality worth 25c. . 1O 1 n
Special at...... ' * 2%
MARKS BROS.
The Home af Honest Values,
1220-1222-1224 UarkefSt .:>
Busy Yesterday. -:;¦. • .
What a hearty, joyful birthday party this -is-who .be ttcr
deserved it than Hale's with their record of 28 years in Cahfor-
nia and 12 years in San Francisco?
Let all be on hand to-day.
Special Stocking News
Women everywhere will welcome.
50c Outside Stockings at 25c.
25c Full-fashioned Stockings at 14c.
20c Fancy Stockings at 15c
Call or write or telephone— let every one share them.
Stockings most wanted of all at the present time and
cheapest of, all.
50c lace and gauze lisle stockings at S5c.
14c— Regular price 25c; those tine imported ones, ixl rib, full lasn-
ioned; sizes for misses and women, 8*s to io's. m
15c— Regular value 20c; the black body ones with red, pink, blue or
cerise, or purple tops; Rembrandt ribs. .
" 25c— Regular price 50c; outside stockings; imported lisle with Kem-
brandt ribs, small white .-tripes rvnninK around.
35c— Regular value 50c; g-ttuc lisle »nd allover lace stockings, many
Saturday Ribbons. Folded Chiffon Hats
Three Anniversary fliers. (Center of anniversary interest in
•?n« At ¦ t. 1. li 1 * r thc saIon to-day.)
*wc — A four-inch heavy black taf- a + *•*» pa
feta for neckwear; one of the At >u «
brightest values we have had. That's less than it cost to make
ISO-Pure white ; t ripcd . a ffe.a: gggg» l&TtTi °andV°.Se
loc — A French novelty ribbon; a o f blacks.
beauty with large coin dots, gut to' make it better vet. we'll
colored satin edge, every color. o fj er to sew the flowers on free of
' charge. We are not leaving an anni-
~ ) versary stone unturned.
Men's $1.0.0 Shirts More Wire Frames '
It's all we can do to get them fast
#if* enough.
ui A/l/v* Plenty for to-day and in every
Half-price to double Anni- sh£ P e » cven French sailors. Shapes
versary P interest.; ' Sg^£|±S " f, f !
They're fancy stiff bosom per-
cales, made right up to the mark HER LADlYSHIP CORSET—
in every way. No shirts could be The corset for comfort and
n-ore satisfactory than these to- beauty. The new models have
day at 50c. The only drawback many admirers.
is in the sizes. Only four of them, ~^
l,i, 14^, 15 and- 15%. . t^MLMr *W a^-m,
Come by all means if your size d$w /ffl^ 4$** fife
is here. Separate cuffs to match MSy J$ Jx~**** '*&& <^3* 9 '
every shirt. J^^^^jSSoo ooof>*^^
HAJLE'S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HARKS BROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE TAI.X OT THE TOWNI W
THE GREATEST HATS F
EVES DESZGXrSSI ~
A Triumph of Home Zsdnstryl B
$2.50. j
Only at (J
LUNDSTROM'S ?
I4S8 MARKET STREET, A
Opp. Central Thetter. J£
And 605 XEABITY STSEST. R
Exchange Your
Hew One.^^
I'll give you a liberal allowance for
it on a new one. I have good Razors
as low as Sl.OO This la your op-
portunity to get a fine Razor for little
money.
My Cutlery is all hlRh grade.
Pocket Knivea that are dependable
every day as low as r»O<«.
Scissors. ;;:>«? up. Razor Strops,
25c upward. Two bars Williams' 10c
Shaving Soap. 1,'c
Mall orders promptly filled.
inft visiting em
l\J\J CARDS S2tt OUt
COWICCT STYLES -AMD SIZC*. Ak«O
•USINCS* AMD MorttllONAL CMOS
THAT MAN PITTS
~ •F £ W > P1TTS-T1»» atatlanav .
1008 Market Street- .(RS11
Son rVartciaco>
SATUaDAT — MONDAT — TUESDAY.
BUTTER. Finest Made. 3 sq.$1.0O
Fancy Creamery Butter, sq. joe
SUGAR. Best cane.. 20 lbs. $1.00
(With $2.00 grocery order.)
PRUNES. Santa Claras. 8 lbs. 25c
SALT. Table 10 5c sks. 25c
COCOA. Walter Baker's.. can 20c
SARDINES. Imported. 3 cans 25e
TOMATOES. Cutting's Best
2 cans 15c
CASTILE SOAP. Imp.2 bars 35c
TOILET PAPER. Rolls or
squares. .Reg. 10c 4 for 25c
CORN. Sweet and tender. can 10c
C.O.D. GROCERY CO., me
JOHN ROBINSON. President.
313 OTarrell St. Near Mason
Telephone rolaom 318.
ASTH (VI A 5E ¥ 2^ I 5S5&/Ka
niPFn w5£> B80 * * **-
That Boy of Yours Needs a Spring Suit
The Spring values we're showing to-day for boys and
children have everything in town backed clean into
the bay. They are the realest of the real ones.
2-Piece Suits Norfolk Suits
$3-^ $3*^
Ages 8 to 16 • 8 to 16 Years ;'••
Strictly all-wool, built on the In the newest desigffs and
smartest, manly lines. In Grays, smartest fabrics. Charmingly
LJlues, Browns, Mixtures and fashioned and displaying re^.
Blue Cheviots. Pants * lined * markable distinctiveness. In
throughout. A great big Brown ' • Spring colors and fabrkrs. •
value. . • Pants lined throughout.
RIGHT SUITS AT RIGHT PRICES MAKE RIGHT PURCHASES
HAIiE»S.