Milcs for President.
TOPEKA, Kans., May 12. — David
Oyermeler, ", one of the - delegates at
•large from.. Kansas .to the National
Democratic convention,- announced to-
Continued : on Page 2, Column < 4.
The, Shanghai correspondent of .Ithe
Standard, reports that a "Cossack pris
oner* who was taken at Anju " says ; the
Russians! have organized a complete
coast guard system from Kiung ; Sunn,
in;. Northeastern Korea, through i Pos
.sletBay to .Vladivostok. .
be 'proud to send* them ".with : you. , You
go • to show" the *world the . courage or
the t Samurai, in the "> land of the rising
sun."': ' ;;' . ¦". - : ".: '¦„" -\\; ¦" . ,"' ; ' : :t ¦
Appreciates Service.
LONDON, May 12. — King: Edward,
'in a. letter to Lady Stanley intimating
that he will send a representative to
the funeral of her husband, alludes
gracefully to the great services ren
dered by Sir Henry through his explo
ration in South Africa.
TACOMA. May 12.— The trustees of
Whitworth College yesterday re-elected
President - Gault and . reinstated . two
other members of the faculty, who were
deposed two weeks ago. At that- time
the trustees took exception to the fact
that students of this strict Presby*
terian school had been permitted to
dance in private homes and even dance
the Virginia reel at college. The stu
dents! announced that they would de
part in a body if President Gault left
the college. To-day's -eetlng has har
monized everythiar
FACULTY REINSTATED
AND STUDENTS PLEASED
Son of Nebraska University Chancellor
Is Victim of Dipsomania in
Serious Form.
LINCOLN. Neb.. May 12. Guy E.
Andrews, son of E. Benjamin An
drews, chancellor of the University of
Nebraska, was brought back to Lin
coln to-day in the custody of the
Sheriff on allegations of insanity.
Youns Andrews has developed a
mania for petty theft, caused by al
coholism. It is claimed, but it was not
until he had forged his father's checks
that the latter was compelled to place
his con under restraint The young
.man has been committed to a private
asylum and will be treated for dipso
mania. » ;¦•<;¦ ...
ARREST GUY ANDREWS
ON INSANITY CHARGE
SANTA BARBARA, May 12. — The
last' day's session of the convention of
the city and county school superin
tendents was devoted almost exclu
sively ttr routine work. Papers that
had been prepared and read by prom
inent- superintendents related to or
ganization of union high school dis
tricts and favored the passage of law-t
to put this section of the educational
system on a more popular and general
basis. " *
The superintendents concluded their
labors to-night and adjourned, the
meeting having been called rather
than extend sessions until to-morrow,
as was planned yesterday.
SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENTS
CLOSE THEIR CONVENTION
N. J.. Hay J, JWM — Mr A
1 rlf '"w^ 9 8t Channel" street. Stlx*:
ton. Cat.— My Dear Sir: I have received your
recent letter, accompanied by the extract from
y , < J U fJ'. aper deallnfr **** the nation of my
eligibility as a possible candidate for the Presl
dency. Tou know. I «uppo«*. that It Is lm
ross.bls for me to agree with your opinions on
that subject, as expressed in the article re
ferred to, but I cannot refrain from saying to
you. that. I am exceedingly gratiHed by the per
•onal friendliness and esteem of which your
article Is evidence. It would certainly be great
affectation on my part If I were not willing to
conf«» s that such expressions &s these on the
part of my countrymen afford complete com
pensation for much that Is printed of quite a
different character in these days of free and
liberal discussion. The photograph which you
request will be forwarded In one or two davs
Your* very truly. GROVBR CLEVELAND '
STOCKTON. May 12.— A. C. Oullahan.
editor of Buzz, a monthly publication
of this city, published in a recent num
£if .K.,f 4 tr ?. ns: artIcl e on "Cleveland's
Eligibility," in which it was urged that
the former President again be made
the Democratic standard-bearer. Oulla
han sent a letter and the editorial* to
Cleveland, and to his surprise promptly
received a reply, together, with a pho
tograph of the former President. The
letter is as follows:
Does Not Agree With Editor Who
Urges Him for Standard-Bearer.
CLEVELAND DISSENTS.
A statement issued to-day by Sen
ator Caldcron.', the Peruvian Minister,
says, in part: "Brazil's attitude Is un
justifiable, also in '*" its pretension
that Peru, previous to the initiation
of negotiations, should , evacuate the
disputed zone. That would mean the
voluntary abandonment in favor of
Brazil of the land, the" occupancy of
which has been admitted as legitimate
by his Excellency Magalheer, a prede
cessor of Baron de Rib Branca (Bra
zil's Minister for Foreign Relations)
with regard to the headwaters of the
Yurua' River.
"The • conciliatory policy of the
Peruvian Government with regard to
the dispute may be easily ascertained
by its two recent proposals to Brazil's
Foreign Office, which were, unfor
tunately, rejected by the latter. One
was- the determining of points and pro
visional : possession in the disputed
river, and . the other unconditional ar
bitration.. In view, of the rejection of
the proposals just mentioned, it has
finally 'submitted plans! of neutralizing
the , disputed zone, pending: an under
standing or award of , ah arbitration
tribunal that should decide upon 'its
Ultimate destiny, and- it is hoped-that
this . conciliatory effdrt ; on the part of
Peru shall • meet- with .> the approval of
the Government at Rio de Janeiro."
WASHINGTON, May 12.— Instead of
tending tc.tvard an amicable settlement
by arbitration of the dispute between
Brazil and' Feru over the sovereignty
of the Acre territory, the question is
growing more bitter and is likely to
result, in a prolonged war. Peru now
doubts the expressed intention of Bra
zil in the Acre territory and bitterly
resents the Brazilian demand that
Peruvian ' troops within the disputed
zone immediately vacate. The nearest
Peru has come to a compliance is to
suggest that the territory be neu
tralized.
NEW YORK, May 12.— Cramped into
a chimney in a building adjoining the
one in whiqh,was her home, the body
of Josephine McCahlll was found to
night. Opinion; Is, divided as - to -the
cause . of the child's j death. Was it
murder or accident is a question which
remains for the police to answer.
Of the thousands who have taken a
deep interest in the, fate of the child,
who disappeared -. from her home ten
days ago, a great majority believe that
a crime has been committed. The.feel
ing against .the Chinaman who has been
under suspicion was so intense to-night
that Captain Herlihy provided a strong
guard to see that no harm befell him:
All of the time that the police of
this and , adjoining cities, assisted * by
hundreds of private and thousands of
amateur detectives have been search
ing for Josie McCahill, and while her
mother and her brother and sisters
have been grieving over her disap
pearance, only a "thin -brick wall di
vided her from the '.-home which her
loss desolated. ¦-. "~ , ¦, \ . ;
Just at^the moment that her muti
lated body was drawn from its strange
hiding place a mass-meeting was gath
ering In Terrace Hall. ' Great crowds
had already assembled and It -was ap
parent that an overflow meeting 1 would
have to be held, when word was-re
ceived that the child's body. had. been
found. ' "." .'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Trouble Between Peru and
Brazil May Mean a War,
Which Will Be Prolonged
Corpse of Missing Child
Was Within a Few Feet
of Her Parents' Dwelling
SANTA MONICA. May 12.— A pufT of
ignited gasoline and a stiff shore sale
made a clean sweep this afternoon of
nearly a score of cottages. The loss
aggregates $25,000. .
The explosion occurred at 2:43 o'clock
in a cottage on Sunset beach, near the
Arcadia Hotel. The wind was blowing:
strong from the west when the blaze
started and an hour and a half later
everything had been burned off smooth
back to the steep bluff. To the> south
the fire ran the distance of a block,
and to the north it burned up to within
six doors of the Arcadia Hotel.
Score of Cottages Are Burned to the
Gronnd and Arcadia Hotel Nar
rowly Escapes Destruction.
SANTA MONICA SUFFERS
A HEAVY LOSS BY FIRE
General Wade Notifies War Depart
ment of Disaster to Officers of
the Seventeenth Infantry.
•WASHINGTON, May 12. — The War
Department has received from Gen
eral Wade, commanding the United
States troops in, the Philippines, the
following: cable report of the ambush
ing of a detachment of Company F.
.Seventeenth Infantry, in Mindanao.
dat£d Manila to-day:
"While on a reconnaissance to lo
cate Datto AH, who had been 'sending
In threatening messages and trying to
Etir up trouble, a detachment of Com
r»kny F.- Seventeenth Infantry, consist
ing: of thirty-nine enlisted men. was
attacked by Moros near Lake Llgua
san. Mindanao, on the 8th instant.
First Lieutenant Harry A. Woodruff
Second Lieutenant Joseph H. Hall and
fifteen enlisted men werr killed and
fivfe enlisted men wounded.
"General Wood has ordered troops
to proceed and recover bodies and
arms of our killed and to punish the
olTendere. No further details have
been received."
XELLS STORY OF KILLING
OF AMERICANS IN MINDANAO
DISPUTE GROWS
MORE BITTER
FIND A BODY
IN A CHIMNEY
State Chairman Rowe presented as
temporary chairman of the convention
Hon. Joseph G. Cannon, Speaker of the
National House of Representatives.
With a unanimous Bhout of aye the
convention approved the nomination.
Chairman Cannon spoke briefly." ¦
"It goes without saying," -he re
marked, ."that the man - selected ' as
CANNON AS CHAIRMAN.
The committee to select delegates at
large to the natiorM convention se
lected Senators Cullom and Hopkins,
Speaker Cannon and Governor Yates.
There were contests in several of the
district caucuses before the convention
was called to order separate sets of
committeemen being named. In calling
the Second district caucus to order a
prominent Louden adherent, T. N.
Jamieson, Naval Officer of the port of
Chicago, who as a political leader was
given a sensational defeat at the,Chi
cago primaries, said: "We who are
about to die salute- you." -
. The Twelfth and Twenty-second dis
tricts indorsed Congressman Hitt of
Illinois for Vice President. Several
other districts indorsed Senator Fair
banks of Indiana.
Governor Yates was. the first of the
prominent figures" to arrive, at the State
convention. He was given a royal ova
tion by his friends. Then came Attor
ney General Hamlin. whose followers
attempted .to outdo the . demonstration
of the Yates men. When Senators Cul
lom and Hopkins and Speaker Cannon
came in arm in arm the convention
arose with one accord and shouted un
til tired. . .
DELEGATES AT LATIGE.
The committee on credentials spent
the whole afternoon in hearing the
county contest cases, deciding two
cases in favor of its own members.
The Lowden-Yates combination, aft»r
unseating the Dineen members from
the Fourth District and the Hamlin
member in the Twenty-flrst District,
had the committee by a vote of 16 to 8
on all questions, and the Yates and
Lowden delegates seated by the State
Committee were given seats In the
convention. For a time the opposi
tion made a fight, but it finally-recog
nized the inevitable and the various
contests were decided by viva voce
vote.
The convention reassembled to
night, but as the credentials com
mittee was -not ready to report, the
convention adjourned until to-morrow.
When the committee on resolutions
met the resolutions adopted by the
district caucuses Indorsing Senator
Fairbanks for- Vice President were
presented, but were subsequently with
drawn, it being stated that Congress
man Hitt would accept the nomina
tion if tendered to him. This was
taken to foreshadow instructions for
Hitt by the convention.
SPRINGFIELD, Ul.. May 12.— All
indications to-day pointed to a big
fight over the seating of . contested
delegates in the temporary organiza
tion of the Republican State Conven
tion. The plans of the anti-Yates-
Lowden forces were carefully guarded.
Appearances seem to show that Yates
and Lowden would be able to control
the organization.
The policy of the Republican party,
he said, was to uphold this system as
against the systems of all other na
tions. • The ' Speaker's peroration in
cluded a recital of the deeds of the
great Republicans of Illinois. The
Speaker coupled the names of Oglesby
and Palmer and the great war Gov
ernor, Yates. which were received with
deafening cheers.
"When the report of the caucuses had
been submitted the convention took a
recess until 5 p. m.
A sensation was created by the dis
covery that a large number of tickets
of admission to the convention hall had
been forged. It is charged that this
was done by the Hamlin men.
Then Mr. Cannon, resuming his formal
speech, defended the policy of protec
tion. His reference- to the late Presi
dent McKinley in" this connection was
loudly cheered. The currency system
perfected by the party he declared to
be better than any save that of France.
The internal commerce of the United
States, he said,; was worth more than
"all the commerce of all the nations of
all the world."
"I would rather have that,"' he re
marked,-"than the yellow jacket of a
Chinese mandarin." (Laughter and
cheers.) •
PROTECTION' DEFENDED.
chairman of this convention whose
breast would not swell with pride
would be. less than human."
At this Juncture the Speaker was in
terrupted by Secretary v Hay, who pre
sented him with a handsome silk badge
of ofttce.
'• DALLAS, Texas, May 12.— There was
jb sensational shooting affray to-day oh
an eastbound Texas and Pacific Rail
road train, near Texarkana, between
Bevs J. B. Cranf.ll and S. A. Haydon,
¦both of Dallas. Mr. Cranflll fired two
tfbots from his pistol at Haydon while
the latter was struggling for possession
tof the weapon. Neither shot took ef
fect. Both men were en route to the
Southern Baptist Convention in Nash
ville. Tenn.
Th? Rev. Mr. Cranflll was arrested
en hi? arrival in Texarkana and ar
ra'igned before Judge Henry on a
charge of assault with intent to com
mit murder. He waived examination
and •nas released on $1000 ball. The
Rev. Mr. Haydon appeared to prose-
» 4 cy.te him. Both continued their jour
. .ney to Nashville this evening, but on
<ifferent trains. Messrs. Cranflll and
.Haydon are the best known Baptist
preachers in the South. Both are edi
tors. Mr. Cranfill was Prohibition
*c?ndidate for Vice President of the
United States in 1892.
At the recent meeting of the federa
tion the matter of filling the vacancy
caused by Senator Hanna's death was
delegated to a = nominating committee
composed of Bishop Potter and Presi
dent John Mitchell of the United Mine
"Workers.
PHILADELPHIA. May 12.— It has
been learned that Judge George Gray
has been chosen by' the nominating
committee of! the National Civic
Federation to succeed the late Senator
Marcus A. Hanna as president of -the
federation. ,
WILMINGTON. Del.. May 12. —
Judge Gray' when informed to-night
that he had been agreed upon for the
National Civic Federation chairman
ship, to succeed the 'late Senator
Hanna, said that he had notsjieard of
his selection and declined to discuss
the matter.
The election of Judge Gray is to be
deferred until after the National
Democratic Convention in St. Louis
for fear It might seem that the federa
tion is aiding in making a possible
Presidential candidate conspicuous or
important.
• 1:20 a. m.— The fire spread to the
Multnomah Trunk and Box factory
and Jones* lumber mill, both of which
will be totally destroyed. The loss will
exceed $250,000.
PORTLAND, Ore.. May 13, 1 a. m.—
A fire which broke out about midnight
and is still burning destroyed the mill
of the Day Lumber Company. From
there it spread to the Ira F. Powers &
Co. mill, which is now burning. Other
mills located near by are In danger of
destruction. The mills are located on
the river front at the southern end
of the city.
Fire Breaks Out In Mill of Day
Lumber Company' and Spreads
to Adjoining Property.
FLAMES ARE SWEEPING
PORTLAND'S RIVER FRONT
Fairbanks' Name Taken From Commit*
tee Prior to the Organizing.
Nominating Committee Names the Emu
nent Jurist for Honors.
SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. THE GOVERNOR OF THE
STATE OF' ILLINOIS AND A DISTINGUISHED SENATOR. WHO WERE
.CONSPICUOUS AT THE SPRINGFIELD CONVENTION.
PROMINENT' EASTERN" JURIST, WHO HAS BEEN SELECTED AS THE SUC
CESSOR OF THE LATE SENATOR HAXSA IN THE CHAIRMANSHIP OF
THE NATIONAL. CIVIC FEDERATION. -
Bev. J. B. Cranfill and Eev.
S. A. Haydon Have Fight
on Texas Pacific Train
FIRES SHOTS
AT MINISTER
Mrs. Francis Gay is the wife of
Charles Gay, a wealthy Hawaiian
sugar planter, who last year became
sole owner of the entire island of Ba
mdi, which contains 100,000 acres.
Captain McDonald says that his life
has been threatened frequently and
that a short time after he arrived there
he was fifed upon at close range by an
ex-convict In Polk County. He returned
the fire, wounding the man, and effect
ed his capture.
AUSTIN. Texas. May 12.— Captain
W. J. McDonald, the commander of a
company of Texas Rangers, arrived
here to-day from a section of East
Texas, -where he has been for the past
five months running down murderers.
In that time he and five members of
hfs company arrested fifteen men
charged with murder. They are all In
jail and under indictment for the
crimes.
Captain McDonald reported to Gov
ernor Lanaham to-day that there is
enough work in the four "counties
where he and bis men have been to
keep the whole ranger force of the
State busy for several months. He
states that he never saw such a disre
gard for human life as exists among
the people of Trinity, Walker. Madison
and Leon counties. Men are shot down
from ambush upon the slightest provo
cation and the local peace officers have
been powerless to put a stop to the
carnival of crime which has disgraced
that section for many years.
In his Investigations in Trinity Coun
ty, Captain McDonald says he learned
that more than thirty murders had
been committed in that county during
the last few years, very few of which
became publicly known. M»n of prom
inence and wealth are involved in these
crimes. They seem to be good citizens
in every respect except that they seem
to care nothing for shedding human
blood.
Special Dispatch to The Cull.
PARIS. May 12.— Mrs. Grey, an Amer
t<Tan, arrived at Cherbourg from New
York on Monday last. On obtaining
possession of her baggage on her ar
rival in Paris she missed a valise con
taining $20,000 worth of jewels. The
.police are searching for the thief.
¦JCEW YORK, May 12.— The North
German Lloyd steamship Kron Prinz
which sailed hence on May 8
for Cherbourg, Plymouth and Bremen,
got intcv Cherbourg on Monday morn
.i*ig;. She carried a large and distin
guished number of cabin passengers.
There was no Mrs. Grey on the list, but
•jhe.namep of Mr. and Mrs. Francis Gay
of Honolulu appeared there.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"My Dear Children: I am sending
you to; the most terrible spot • in " the
right. You are victims promised to
the enemy's guns. 'Had I sons 1 should
"On the day that communication
was .cut off crowds of people listened
to a band concert on the boulevard.
The last attack of the fireshlps v/as a
wonderful sight. The fireshipsand Tor
pedo-boats moved . swiftly. The - long
streaks of light from the searchlights
lit up the sea, and the vivid red 'lasnea
of the guns of the. batteries and thoae
far out at sea cut the darkness every
second, as though a Juggler were play
ing with fire. The crews of the fire
ships took to the boats, tjie search
lights were turned on them and i the
guns sent them to the bottom." .-".y
The first distribution was made to
day of crosses of the Order of St.
George to the men of the Elevehth'and
Twelfth regiments for bravery dis
played at the battle of Kiulien
cheng. The following order of the day
was read to the soldiers: •
"The commander of the-Manchurlan
army sends these decorations - for dis
tribution to the men who showed great
bravery at the. battle. Every/one who
receives • the cross of - St. George must
wear it with honor .and try? to. be
worthy of this reward of the Em
peror.
yWear it, and if.; with God's "grace,
you return to your family, tell • your
children and in old age your- grand
childreu.-how you fought on the
heights -of. 'Kill. -Lien Cheng-^one
against six." ¦..., . , ,' ,--..•
LONDON, i May 13.— The Daily News
states that Vice Admiral *Kamimura
addressed the men who were going to
bottle up r Port Arthur* as follows: :';
Further progress of the Japanese In
Southern Manchuria is reported in the
following dispatch given out last night:
"The position of the division which
Is following the direct road to Haicheng
has not been disclosed, and caution is
also apparent in the operations on the
peninsula of Liaotung, where 20,000
Japanese are seeking to render them
selves secure in the western section of
the peninsula, and in the A'icinlty of
and below Pitzewo, before inaugurat
ing the operations which have been
planned." *
Nothing has been given out regarding
the raid of Cossacks at Anju. There
is no such general in the Far East as
Mandaritoff, of whose force the raid
ing: Cossacks were said to form a part.
Vice Admiral Chouknin, it is an
nounced, has been appointed to com
mand the Black Sea fleet.
LIAOYANG. May 12.— The train
which left \ Port Arthur at the time of
the resumption of communication ar
rived here to-day. A passenger said:
"Life at Port Arthur goes on quietly,
and there are . plenty of provisions
there.
Nearly 25,000 men were employed
daily on the work of constructing the
port and town. The total, population
had been estimated at about 60,000,
mostly' Chinese, Japanese, Koreans and
Russians.
Viceroy Alexieff has telegraphed to
the Emperor announcing that the Rus
sians have blown up the docks and
piers at Port Dalny, Liaotung Penin
sula, presumably to render more dif
ficult a Japanese landing at that point.
Later telegrams received indicate
that the whole of Port Dalny has been
destroyed by the Russians.
Port Dalny, on Talienwan Bay, on
the east coast of the Liaotung Penin
sula, was Intended by Russia to be the
chief commercial emporium of its east
ern dominions. An edict providing for
its construction was issued by the Rus
sian Emperor July 30. 1899, and Port
Dalny, fully equipped with all modern
improvements, docks, warehouses and
railroad facilities, was opened to com
merce in December, 1S01.
Talienwan Bay is one of the finest
deep-water harbors on the Pacific. It
is free from ice in winter time and
ships drawing thirty feet of water
can enter at low tide without difficulty
and without the aid of pilots can sail
or. eteam alongside the immense docks
and i)lers, whero,., their cargoes can be
leaded into railroad, ckrs 'and. run .di
rect for 6000 'miles into the. City of St.
Petersburg. Five large piers had been
constructed, each supplied with nu
merous railroad tracks and Immense
warehouses and elevators, gas, electric
lights and water and. a large break
water was being constructed bo that
ships could lie at the piers and load
and unload regardless of weather.
Docks for foreign vessels, steam and
sailing, extended between the piers and
along the shore for two miles. There
were two first-class dry docks, one in
tended for ordinary oceali . steamers
and the other designed to accomodate
the largest vessels of war or commerce.
Over $6,000,000 had been expended on
the harbor system before the end of
1902, and it was estimated that the cost
of completing the works would be near
ly 520,000,000. but this does not in any
way represent the total . cost of the
erection of this great commercial port,
which.with Port Arthur, distant about
twenty miles, was leased by the Chi
nese Government to Russia in 1898. -'
ST. PETERSBURG, May 13.— An
attempt to send a response to a pri
vate telegram from Port Arthur re
ceived yesterday, May 12, failed, the
postofllcc officials refusing to accept it.
Troops of the Battling Empires As
semble Cautiously Before a De
cisive Engagement.
Prominent and Wealthy Men Said
to Be Implicated in Numerous
Mysterious Tragedies.
"•Police of Paris Are Informed of Theft
- 1 on ArriTal of the Steamer and
: - • ... • Search for Culprit.
Improvements in tlie Sea
port Destroyed by
Thirty Lives Are Taken by
Settlers Engaged in
Feuds.
•\Twenty Thousand Dollars'
• / : Wortli ol Gems Dis
..";• appear on Voyage.
Woman Loses Valise
{ ' on an Atlantic
5. Liner.
Muscovites Fearful of
1 Advance of le
Japaise,
Wholesale Murder Is
Done in Four
Counties,
RUSSIANS
MAKE RUIN
OF DALNY
FORTUNE
IN JEWELS
IS STOLEN
CARNIVAL
OF CRIME
IN TEXAS
CIVIC FEDERATION
MAKES JUDGE GRA Y
HANNAHS SUCCESSOR
HITT MAY BE CHOICE
OF ILLINOIS PARTY
FOR VICE PRESIDENT
TBS WEATEEB.
Forecast made at San 7ran
cisoo lor thirty hours ending:
midnight, stay 13:
San 7randsco and vicinity—
Cloudy rrlday; brisk westerly
winds, with tog.
A. Ct. MCADIE,
District roreeaster.
THE xacATJIM. <>N „
Alcaxar — "The Two Scliooij». f ?
California — "Our Wew Klfnmiir.^
Central — "The Tirea «ai«
l:etccr«."
Chutes — Vaudevllla.
Columbia — "Roger* Brother* ia
London." .
Grand — "Cleopatra." .
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Mechanic!' Pavilion — Industrial
Exposition.
TItoII— "A Runaway Girt."
The San Francisco Call
PRICE FIVE CENTS-
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY; 13, 1904.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 165.
War News Continued ¦ on Pago • 3.DENVER,',- Colo., May 12.— Justice
Hynes to-day ; discharged William D.
Hay wood, secretary of the Western
Federation, of l Miners, who was
charged with.', desecration of the flag.
The, charge whs 1 " based on the Issuance
of a circular" bearing a ' picture of the
flag and headed "Is Colorado In Amer
ica?" ;- ¦¦• ¦'¦'-'. v \ \.
Man Chnrged With Desecration of
Flag Set Free by Court.
MIXER IS RELEASED.
Locomotive Engineers in Convention.
LOS ANGELES, May 12. —The sec
ond day's session of the Blxth biennial
convention of the International Broth
erhood of Locomotive Engineers con
vened promptly at 10 o'clock this
morning. The session was executive.
More than 200 delegates are In attend
ance at the Ladies' Auxiliary conven
tion, the largest representation in the
history of the auxiliary.* A reception
was given to-night to the visiting la
dies at the women's clubhouse bv the
grand officers.
i WASHINGTON, May. 12:— The British
Government has become Involved in the
labor troubles In Colorado. That Gov
ernment makes it a point to look after
the humblest British subject, so when
It happened that In the troubles at Tel
luride, Colo., Launcelot Collins, a Brit-'
Isher and a non-union miner, was killed
by strikers, aB It was alleged, the near
est British Consul, at Denver, started
an investigation and reported the case
to the British embassy here. Sir Mor
timer Durand, finding , that one of the
allegations was that the man was kilted
for lack of proper protection by the
authorities, called' the, atetntion of the
Stale Department to the matter.
The. department' In turn forwarded
the Embassador's note to the Governor
of 'Colorado, and the latter has now ex
plained that owing to the existence of
martial-Jaw in Telluride it Is not pos
sible; to make the legal investigation
required to develop a satisfactory an-
Bwer to the .British note. It is expected
that further proceedings will be taken
when the labor troiibles in Colorado are
at an end, and if It should appear that^
the British complaint is well founded
an application will be made to Con
gress bj» the State Department for v a
suitable indemnity for the killing of
Collins. . ¦¦ .. -
Attention of State Depart
ment Is Called to Mur
der in Telluride, Colorado
BRITAIN TAKES
UP A KILLING
hours' tour of inspection of the World's
Fair grounds by the different officials
and heads of departments comprising
the entire management of the exposi
tion, the following statement was given
as expressing the sentiments of all:
"The National Commission, the offi
cers and. directors, the board of lady
managers and the foreign and domestic
commissioners have just completed a
five hours' Inspection of tho twelve ex
hibit palaces. We wish to announce
to the public that the exhibits are in
stalled In all exhibit palaces and pre
sent the most marvelous collection of
the accomplishments of mankind ever
witnessed
"DAVID R. FRANCIS,
"President Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition.
"THOMAS H. CARTER,
"President National Commission.
"M. MARGAHETTA MANNING,
"President Board of Lady Managers."
Heads of Departments Make Inspcc
- tion :iiul Issue Statement Regard
ing Their Conclusions. . —
ST. LOUIS, May 12.-rAfter a five
WORLD'S FAIR IS MARVEL
, . . IX WAY. OF EXHIBITS
WASHINGTON. D. C.. ( May 12. —
The following changes in fourth
class postofflces have been no
ted: California — Waterman, Amador
County, William T. Randall, vice Ed
ward H. Archerj resigned. Nathaniel
Perry and Eugene R. Lock have been
ftppoiifted letter carriers for Los An
fjelea'. - ¦ -¦ ¦
Application is approved to organ
ize the First National Bank of Chico,
with a capital of $50,000. . ,
"The following orders have been is
sued by the War Department: Private
Will Trantiiam, hospital corps, Fort
Logan, Colorado, will be sent to Fort
McDowell, California, reporting on
arrival to the commanding officer of
the company of instruction No. 2,
•hospital corps, with the view of as
signment to duty aboard a Govern
ment transport, if his services are
needed thereon, on transportat'on
duty of the Philippine division, trans>
port leaving San Francisco June 1.
Orders from the Navy Department:
Chief Carpenter L. L. Martin detached
from the Illinois to duty in the office
of the inspector of hull material for
-the Eastern district. Philadelphia, Pa.
Xathnniol Perry and EiiRcne R. Lock
Arc Appointed letter Carriers
in Los Anffeles.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The following reception committee
has been appointed: J. J. C. Leonard,
H. S. Wanxer. D. W.. Johnston; S. A.
Palmer. Charles Younger .'Jr., W.'H.
Galbralth. . J. D. Wright. George
Pratchner. C. E. Lilly, Charles M.
Cassin, C. Hoffman. A. Cohen. B. K.
Knight. Hon. W. T. Jeter, T. W. Kelly.
Charles Steinmetz. H. J. Leask, R. S.
Miller. R. H. Prjnsle, M. Leonard. F.
W. Swanton. Dr. W. A. Phillips. D. E;
Irish. J. S. Collins. W. Ware, James
McNeil and H. F. Kron
The convention committee is non
partisan and Is composed of former
Lieutenant Governor Jeter, Frank K.
Roberts, chairman of the Democratic
County Central Committee; L. J. D'ake.
chairman of the Republican County
Central Committee; H. F. Kron,
Charles M. Cassln and Frank Matti-
Bon. Joseph Nolan, W. H. Bias and
George Staffler, who are on the finance
committee, are meeting with generous
responses to their appeals for funds^to
entertain the visitors. Carl C." Kratz
ensteln is chairman of the hotel and
accommodation committee. The Ho
tel SI. Gedrge has been secured for
the general headquarters and the
pres* will hnve quarters at this^hotel
and at the Sea Beach. - ¦ . .
SANTA CRUZ. May 12. — Great
preparations are being made for the
reception and entertainment of the
delegates to the Democratic State Con
vention, which will meet here on Mon
day. The convention will be held In
the Armorv, which will be handsome
ly decorated for the occasion. The
celling of the convention hall !¦ to be
covered with a monster fishnet can
opy filled in with thousands of small
Hags. The galleries and walls are to
be draped with red. white and blue
bunting and redwood foliage. Quanti
ties of ezalea blossoms 'are to be
brought from the woods for the floral
decorations.
.Santa Cruz Makes Elaborate I*rcpara
tlons to Entertain Delegates.
— •
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
Resolved. That we. the delegate* from the
Thirtr-fourth Assembly District to the State
Republican Convention take this opportunity
In Fxpre^nlnK our confidence In the able man
afemrnt of our national affairs In th» hands
of Theodore Roosevelt, and we further Indorse
the bu*lne*!t!ike manaKentent of our Rtate af
fair* by our honorable Governor, George C.
Tardee.
J. H. Norton, Los Anpeles.
Eighth District— Ed Roberts, San
Bernardino; M. L. Ward, San Diego, or
Frank Burke, Santa Barbara.
The Fourth district delegates will be
chosen at a separate convention In this
city next Wednesday evening, and a
similar plan applies to the Third dis
trict.
The following: members of the Phoe
nix Republican Club were at the last
meeting selected as delegates to attend
! the convention of the California State
I League of Republican Clubs, to be held
\ at Sacramento on Monday, May 16:
Charles F. Curry, delegate at large;
I Thomas D. Riordan,. Thomas F. O'Neil.
¦ M. H. Smith. A. L. Hart. Thomas V.
! Cator. Charles W. Kyle. William Howe,
. Thomas C. Maher. William H. R. Mc
i Martin. Thomas W. Costello. Isadore
; Erb, John Hoesch, Charles Clear and
1 Thomas McDermott. Thomas D. Rior
¦ dan is president and Thomas F. O'Neil
secretary of the club.
Delegates to the Republican State
i Convention from the Thirty-fourth As
i sembly District met at Twin Peaks
| Hall last night and elected F. D.
! Ritchie chairman and Albert Merrill
: r.c-crctary. The following resolution was
i adopted:
C. L. Pardee and Charles WaS'mire of
the commission on 'lunacy ¦ have also
returned from Highlands. Pardee said
it would be " several weeks yet before
they straightened out the affairs of
Secretary A. C. Clarke, who committed
suicide when Pardee and Waymlre ar
rived at the hospital to expert his ac
counts. . . .......
SACRAMENTO. May 12.-Governor
Pardee has returned from a meeting of
the board of managers of the South
ern California Hospital at Highlands.
In an interview this afternoon the Gov
ernor said that Medical Superintendent
M. B. Campbell resigned because he
was disappointed with the way mat
ters at the hospital had been going
under his administration. The Governor
said he" had no Idea who would' bo
elected id succeed Dr. Campbell, who
has consented to serve Urttil his suc
cessor is chosen. * .1.-" ..- •
.Says He lifts So Idea Who Will Suc
ceed Dr. Campbell at Southern
California Hospital.
GOVEKNOIl RETURNS .
TO STATE CAPITAL
The President not only has approved
the report and its recommendations,
but he has directed that the recom
mendations be carried Into effect. He
will not remove Postmaster Van Cott.
as It is not regarded that the investi
gation has shown that ground for re
moval exists. Whether Van Cott will
be reappolnted at, the expiration of his
term, about ten months hence, will be
determined at that time.
Richard Van Cott. a son of the post
master, the investigation showed, prac
tically has been directing the affairs
of the New York poBtofflce. His con
nection with the office is considered in
the report at length. Robb recom
mends that'hls services in the office be
dispensed with. Although it is not al
leged that he has been guilty of ab
solute wrongdoing, it is deemed wiser
that his connection with the office
should cease.
The report shows that Postmaster
Van Cott himself has been entirely, in
nocent of any intentional wrongdoing.
Some administrative defects which
have been continued from the last ad
ministration of the office were discov
ered. They have been corrected. It Is
said authoritatively that no evidence
of criminality was disclosed by the
investigation. Such irregularities as
were discovered — and they did not, it
is said, involve the integrity of Post
master Van Cott— are presented fully
In Robb's report. Recommendations
are made which will prevent; the re
currence of these Irregularities and ad
ministrative defects in .the future. -
• The report - disclosed (! the -fact.- that
Whitfleld Van *Cott, a brother of the
postmaster, was employed five years
ago as an examiner or inspector of
mail boxes. His employment, the In
vestigation showed, .was illegal. The
salary paid him for his services In such
capacity has been refunded to the Gov
ernment. • ' •'••'•¦
WASHINGTON, May 12.— Exhaustive
inquiry into the affairs of the New
York City postofflce recently was com
pleted by Charles H. Robb, Assistant
Attorney General for the Postofflce
Department. Robb made his report of
his investigation through Postmaster
General Payne to the President. It
contains a full explanation and* makes
several recommedations. The report,
including the recommendations, has
been approved In its entirety by Presi
dent Rt-osevelt.
Many Irregularities Are
Found in New York, but
• ,No Criminality Exposed
* Dies at Leper Colony.
HONOLULU, May 12.— Thomas
Kaiaiakwaha Nathaniel, district mag
istrate of the, leper settlement, is dead.
He was 53 years of age and had been
Judge at the settlement since he went
there in 1893, having been deported ..as
a leper. He was a full-blooded Ha
waiian.
• WASHINGTON, D. C, May 12. —
Arrivals: New Willard — Aliases B.
Kohler, G. Buline and L. Buline, San
Francisco. Raleigh — J. W.* Heianer,
and wife, San Francisco; W. A.
Sutherland and wife. B.. W*. Hunt and
wife, Los Ansreles. St. James — W. R.
Cole, Stanford. ;
Califorhhi^s In the Must.
ROBB REPORTS
ON POSTOFFICE
SACRAMENTO. May 12.— The Su
preme Court, which has been in session
all week, adjourned for the term at
noon to-day, to meet again in San
Francisco in July. Toward the close
of the session Associate Justices Shaw
and Angellottl strolled down to the Su
perior Court to see how justice is dealt
out here. The Harry Eldrldge murder
case was on, and some point of law
arose which caused Justice Shaw to
express a view, from which Justice An
gellotti dissented. The two Justices
were absorbed in their contention when
Bailiff WIttenbrock turned around and
rapping loudly on his desk Warned the
learned jurists that if they didn't keep
quiet he would put them out. The Jus
tices ,were subdued by the command,
and then being recognized by Presiding
Judge Gaddls there was a general ex
change of greetings.
Promptly Calls Them to
Order for Talking During
Trial of a Murder Case
COURT BAILIFF
WARNS JURISTS
LONDON. May 12. — he elimination
tests on the Isle of Mnn to decide
which cars will represent Great Bri
tain in the race for the James Gordon
Bennett international automobile race
cup ended to-day with a serious acci
dent. During the final speed trials a
car driven by C. Earp, one of the
prominent competitors, collided with
a wall iind was completely smashed
up. Earp and his brother -were se
verely injured ~nd some of the spec
tators sustained bruises. Earp's broth
er, who was acting as machinist, frac
tured his skull and i3 believed to be
fatally injured.
Later advices say that Arthur
Earp*? condition is not so serious as
at first suj^posed. The doctors believe
that he will recover. The judges se
lected as a team to represent England
S. F. £dge. Sidney Girling and Charles
Jarrott. The committee announced
that Clifford Earp would have been
selected if there had been no accident.
Edge filed a protest against the dis
qualification of Earp and announced
that he would resign from the team
unless the Judges reconsidered their
decision.
Automobile Trials for Bennett Cup
Result In Accident" on Isle
of Man.
TE57T RACES IX EUROPE
MAY HAVE DEATH RECORD
t KANSAS CITT. Mo., May 12.— The
Mexican Government has issued an
order.' for the payment of $700,000 as
a subsidy to the Kansas City, Mexico
and. Orient Railway, promised when
the road should have completed the
first 10\) kilometers of the line in Mex
ico, which has been accomplished, ac
cording, to a telegram from President
Arthur E. Stillwell, who Is now in the
East. President Stillwell has called a
meeting of the directors of the rail
road to met in Kansas City on May
21 to .make arrangements for receiv
ing the subsidy:
Kansas City, Mexico and Orient to Get
Jionjey Promised for Pnrtial
. !• Completion of Line.
3tEXlCO ORDERS \ SUBSIDY
1 • rAID TO RAILROAD
SAN JOSE, May 12.— The new Union
High School at Campbell, erected by
the districts of Campbell, Union, Cam
brian and Hamilton, was dedicated this
afternoon. Citizens and pupils crowded
the .building to witness the dedicatory
exercises. A fine musical programme
was rendered and Dr. Benjamin Ide
Wheeler delivered the dedication ad
dress. The Rev. J. F. Jenness asked an
invocation. Contractor George Whit
ney then turned over the keys of the
building to Dr. M. J. Gates, the presi
dent of the Board of Trustees, who ac
cepted them in a short speech: Dr.
.Charles N. Cooper, in a few appropri
ate remarks, presented the school with
a flag, and this was accepted on behalf
ot the school by Professor Bennett of
the State Normal School. The subject
of Dr. Wheeler's address was "The
American High School," He treated it
1 in relation to the university and the
grammar school and claimed that it
should be made a preparation for life
rather than for college. A palm' tree
was planted by Dr. Wheeler after the
ceremones were completed.
The new building will occupy an en
tire block. It will be within a short
distance of the court house, only a few
blocks from all of thS bis banks and will
permanently bring business to a sec
tion which, in former days, was the
center of the business part of the city.
As a result of the decision to accept
the site another $1,000,000 building will
be erected Just across the street. The
triangular Temple block is to be razed
and a husre office building, similar In
shape tcr the famous Flatlron building
of New York, will be built.
LOS ANGELES, May 12.-On recom
mendation of Supervisor of Buildings
J. W. Robe*3 of San Francisco, Secre
tary Shaw of the Treasury Department
has formally accepted the offer made
by a syndicate of Los Angeles capital
ists to give the Government a free site
fcrr the proposed new postofflce build
ing for Los Angeles, which, now that
the purchase of a site has been elimin
ated, will cost in the neighborhood of
$1,000,000. The site offered to the Gov
ernment is that of the old "Downey
block at Temple and Springs streets;
one of the oldest business buildings In
the city. Opposition to this selection
was made by persons who desired the
new postofflce to be placed farther
south in the line along which the busi
ness section of the city appears to be
expanding. Other free sites were of
fered, but none of them were as fav
orable as the one accepted.
WASHINGTON, May. 12.— The
Democratic convention of the District
of. Columbia to-day defeated an effort
to Indorse Hearst and elected the' fol
io wing v delegates to* the * national - con
verition at St. Louis, who -go unin
atructed: James L. Norris, Edwin B.
Hay, J. P. Keller, W. C. Mclntyre, J.
F. Monahan and J. G. Campbell.
Six alternates also were selected.-
A plank against instructions was in
cluded in the platform, as also were
demands for economy in public ex
penditures and for home rule in the
district. Every, mention . of Senator
Gorman's name was loudly cheered
by the delegates.
Almost at the beginning of the pro
ceedings of the convention there was a
DcmoVrntK 5 r of *DIst rict of - Columbia
- 'Semi Uninstnictcd Delegation. ,
HEARST ; LOSES CAPITAL.
President' Wheeler of the
. State University Delivers
an: Interesting Address
Government to Erect Hand
some New Building at a
Cost of One Million Dollars
night that he would make every effort
to. have r the -Kansas delegation sup
port General Miles' for the /Democratic
nomination -for. President. -
¦split" following a determined but un-
Buccessful effort on the part of Hearst
followers to enforce a certain, rule
.which they claimed had been altered
.after the" recent primaries had been'
•held. The entire -Hearst 'contingent,
led by. Harry W. Sherman, president
jOf the Central Labor Union, thereupon
; bolted -and a rump convention was
: held _and. six delegates and, alternates
[were elected and instructed for
Hearst.
: ; A platform "was adopted declaring
'for anti-trust' legislation and con
'demnlng the Republican party ..and the
i present administration. '
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. May 12.— The
most interesting -Democratic State Con
vention since 1892, when Cleveland and j
Isaac P. Gray contested for control ;ofj
the Indiana delegation to 'the. National
Convention, was held to-day. The,, sole
purpose of the convention was to elect
delegates to the National 'Convention;
the State Convention for- the nomina
tion of candidate for State offices hav
ing been called for July $0. when thej
delegates that were in the convention,
to-day will return. A platform vrili then
be adopted. " '..'•'. ' . .
The feeling of the delegates: was in
tense when the donvention' opened to
day. The Hearst followers had been
wrought to a high pitch of determina
tion by rousing addresses beforehand
In the Claypool Hotel 'assembly-room
by Rev. Sam Small of Georgia and C.
j-A; "Svindle of Chicago. Small advised
against voting for Parker If he were
i nominated. - .' '
i. ..The convention instructed the thirty
I delegates to the, National Convention
ftw vote as a unit- for Judge Parker of
KewvYork rfor President, and. indorsed
Thomas .Taggart for national commit
'teT?man and recommended him to the
national cpmmittee as Its chairman.. .-.
- Th^ first vote showed ¦• the Parker
j forces to number 1094 and the- Hearst
{following 469. The vote on instructions
¦for Parker wns. PD4 to 5S2, many, dele
gates being In sympathy with the plea
of -the Twelfth District that its two
delegates lie allowed to vote their serf I
timsjnts for Hearst, the plea being that
otherwise it might endanger the seat
'of Representative Robinson, Demo
cratic Congressman from the district.
This was the only district of the thir
teen carried by the Hearst following.
FLAG IS PRESENTED
ENDS ALL COXTEOVEKSY
New Educational Institution
at Campbell Is Turned
Over by the Contractor
Secretary Shaw Announces
His Decision in Matter of
Los Vni?eles Postoflice
Parker Gets Indiana's Delegation to
Democratic National Convention.
Fifth District— George H. Pippy, San
Francisco; O. H. Hale or E. A. Hayes,
San Jose. • «
Sixth District— J. C. Needham, Mo
desto; Frank H. Short. Fresno.
Seventh District— Oscar Lawlor and
First District— J. C. Bull. Eureka; E.
C. Voorheis, Sutler Creek, or C. W.
Clinch. Grass Valley. .
Second District— W. P. Hammon. Oro
ville; Joseph Steffans. Sacramento.
Third District— W. L. Crooks. Beni
cia: George W. Reed. Oakland.
Fourth. District — Moses Gunst and Jo
seph S. Spear Jr.. San Francisco.
The State Convention will be called
to order at 2 p. m. Wednesday. May
18. In the Assembly chamber. Sacra
mento, by William M. Cutter, chairman
of the State Central Committee. For
delegates at large mention Is made of
Governor George C. Pardee, John D.
Ppreckels. J. W. McKlnley and George
A. Knight Among those mentioned as
district delegates are:
It is expected that Sonoma County
will give McKinlay a record-breaking
majority next November. There win be
a straight out party contest in the Sec
ond. Republicans will support McKin
lay and Democrats are already lining
up for Bell. • ._ . .
COXVILYTIOX PROGRAMME.
All Bigns point to smooth sailing of
the Republican • craft at Sacramento
next week. Judge A. G. Burnett of So
noma will probably be chairman of the
convention. He was slated for delegate
from the Second District to the Na
tional convention, but ' In order to
smooth the way for the nomination of
Duncan E. McKinlay of Santa Rosa
for Congress in that district he surren
dered all claims to represent the Second
at Chicago.
There is gossip to the effect that M.
F. Tarpey of Alameda, Frank H. Gould
of San Francisco, Joseph Simons of
L.os Angeles and James II. Budd of
Stockton will be chosen as delegates at
large to the Democratic National Con
vention. Among others mentioned as
available for a trip to St. Louis are H.
N. de Witt. Yreka; Thomas Bair. Eu
reka; Judge Prewett. Auburn; Thomas
Fox. Sacramento; J. B. Sanford. Ukiah;
Thomas J. Geary, Santa- Rosa; James
Keyes. Suisun; John J. McDonald. Ala
jneda: Jasper McDonald and \V. J. Mc-
Gee. San Francisco; B. D. Murphy. San
Jcse; M. T. Dooley. Hollister; R. F.
Johnson and T. C. Butler. Monterey;
James F. Peck. Merced; Isidore Dock
weiler. Los Angeles; Captain Murray
Taylor, San Simeon; R. F. Ga'rner. San
Bernardino, and Alfred Harrell, Bakers
f.eld.
Isidore Dockweiler is due from the
south with a fresh coat of warpaint
without a yellow streak in the red
tlnpe. He b«-ars a commission from the
vinterrifled Democrats of his district
to njjht Hearst to a finish.
A- Ccminetti occupies a comfortable
"but not conspicuous seat In the Hearst
band wapon. Ed Leake of Yolo has
rolled ur< his trousers for a long walk.
Others of the Yolo delegation are In the
Hearst wagon or climbing to pet in.
Gavin McNab so far has done nothing,
and Tom Geary has been helping him.
GOSSIP OF DKl.EOATES.
Barney Murphy and ex-Governor
Budd are in the Hearst band wagon,
and Frank Gould is looking wistfully
at a vacant seat alongside of Tarpey.
Franklin K. l^ane will walk rather than
ride in the. wag-on. James D. Phelan
has already taken a section in a Pull
man car and will be 2000 miles away
when the Democratic forces clash near
the old battle-ground of Tripe Hill.
Disinterested spectators would not be
surprised if a rlash between Gavin
Mi Nab and M. F. Tarpey should take
place at Santa Crus. Politicians can
not believe that McNab. whose control
of the local organization can hardly be
QueFtioned. will surrender everything
to the Hearst forces. Tarpey surely ex
pects the San Francisco delegation to
fall into line for Hearst and will hard
ly be satisfied with a simple resolution
commendatory of Hearst. -
CIJVSH IS DUE
There Is a wide diversity of opinion
fonctrnlnK the outcome of the fore
shadowed contest in the Democratic
State convention at Santa Crux.
At Hearst headquarters In the Grand
Hotel word Is Riven out that the reso
lution instructing the California dele
gation to support Hearst at the St.
I^iuis convention will not encounter
formidable opposition. In other camps
ot the party the assertion is made that
u majority of the delegates will resist
lnstrurtkn. The peculiar attitude of
the San Francisco delegation of 1C8
TvembTs enpage special attention
Leaders of the local organization who
made up the list nf delegates in each
Assembly district are confident that the
delegation cannot be stampeded or per
suaded to the Indorsement of any pol
icy that would work injury to the par
ty in the coming national contest.: In
• •ther words it lx contended that the
San Francisco delegates are goinj? to
Spr.ta Cruz with a firm determination
to maintain the principle? of the party.
It Is said that a caucus will not be n»
<;ulrfd. as each district has a leader
and every leader knows his business.
Politicians in the Dark
Concerning the Purposes
of the City Delegates
SANTA CRUZ CONVENTION
Attitude of Able Democratic
Leaders Causes a Deal
of Gossip in the Banks
VACANT SEATS
IN BAND WAGON
DEMOCRATS OF INDIANA INSTRUCT.
ILLINOIS REPUBLICANS MEET TO-DAY
Hitt. May Be Chosen as Candidate for
Vice President by Republicans.
HIGH SCHOOL
IS DEDICATED
ACCEPTS OFFER
OF FREE SITE
rtfE SAN FRANCISCO ,GALL, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
ROCHESTER. N.Y.. May 12.— Robert B.
Haakett' of fe>attle»waa 'elpctert • to-d«y a .vice
pre»ldent' of the -Hotel and. Restaurant- Em
i lcyeb" International Alliance and [ Bartenders'
International league. . -
2
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
VERY ANNOYING.
This Hardly Expresses What San Fran-
ciico People Say cf It.
Any ltchiness of the skin Is annoying:,
Kit tie dancer in itching skin diseases,
Hut they make you miserable.
Doan's Ointment Is a nover-faillng
cure
For Piles. Eczema, all itch'ing troubles.
¦ San Francisco citizens Indorse It.
Thomas Christal. inspector, of 426
Twenty-seventh street, says: "I know of
a case of eczema, or skin disease where
Doan'a Ointment undoubtedly cured. It
broko out on the back of the ears and on
•the scalp "and' It resisted thQ treatment
of several doctors who tried unsuccess-
fully for a year and a half to stop" it... In
addition to physicians' treatment every i
thins said to bo good. for such ailments
was used, in fact all the knowledge = of
every one aware of tho eczema was ex-
hausted. Ddan's .Ointment acted" Just as
represented. In a comparatively short
time the area of the sores commenced to
contract, and by and by they completely
dried up."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo.- N. Y... sole
agrents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's. and take
no substitute. '
ADVERTISEMENTS. . !
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 /-;ii '¦}' s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Stare* .Vo Accnts. ' .
YOU CAN ERE C T
AN ELEGANT EDIFICE
IF YOU DON'T CONSIDER COST.
OUR CLOTHES ARE BUILT
UPON MERIT AND HONOR,
USING THE BEST FABRICS
AND TALENTED ARTISTS.
K e a rn y S t r e e..t
Thuriow Bio c k
jgfpw To-day we start a sale of
ffP^) young men's blue serge suits for
" ft'-^$ $6.80* The suits have been sell-
J||||^' ing for $10.00.
e reduction ou §ht to con-
'm^KB^^^^U^M^^^^SM t0 the x alues y° u
J&$%ti^ ,,; q .| are getting.
fm .& For further proof look in our
iPS :^^^m^ll s h° w windows. There you will
w4^- v ' '--'IIk see the suits.
But a better* way is to bring
your son in and try a suit on him.
Then you will realize tjjat you are
actually saving $3.20.
m^^^^^ . The suits are made from fast
p^^^B dark blue serge in single and
pM^^I I double breasted styles for youths
ttS^^^i of 12 up to young men of 17 years.
ililSf fill|; : The price has been reduced as
fiSW-^tt § we claim - M° ne y back to any
fl§§p pS customer wanting it.
imff pilW They are just the suits for dress. Do
z; j^S you want Qne for :
U ¦ .; Sailor Suits mpmr ¦
We have not forgotten your smaller son. ii^Sb^^
We place on sale to-day some pretty little blue >Jfeiii§b^
serge sailors for boys from 3 to 8 years.
Each suit, is elegantly trimmed. The serge
is fast blue. You get our guarantee. V^^^^^^M'A
To eivi you an idea of the values,^ve state most
emphaticaliv that the suits are as good as you see else-
where at $5.00. Our sale price is ; M^S^&W^^^^K
The goods are on display in our windows. See W:v^C^y^^3
Wash suits, absolutely fast colors, ages 3 to 10
Khaki suits, made with Norfolk coats and long ''^'^kB5§^^11
pants,. ages 4 to 17 years, $1.50 a suit. ° WMJf^ySSBm
Cinvas leggtns, to wear with khaki suits, 40c ' , IWSBg tosIhII
Good steel pocket knives free with every suit in "^S^ till
our boys' and youths' departments. * 1111? 'iil
Mail orders filled for any of these goods — wnie at once. Please &$!r& lw?!NEW YORK, May 12.— Kuhn, Loeb &
Co., the National City Bank and the
National Bank of Commerce announce
that . the Imperial Japanese Govern
ment 6 per cent sterling loan has al
ready been heavily over-subscribed,
but that.' to accommodate out of town
subscribers the subscription list will
be kept open until 11 o'clock to-mor
row morning.
LONDON, May 12.— Subscriptions to
the Japanese loan of $50,000,000 closed
at 4 r». m. It was estimated that the
loan was over-subscribed twenty times.
There was a great rush to subscribe,
there being an enormous number of
applications for small amounts.
Xcw York Banks Extend Time for
. Getting Japanese Bonds.
? ¦ —
LOAX IS OVER-SUBSCRIBED.
According to an official report the
Russian casualties in the fighting at
Anju cm May 10 amounted to over fifty
men. One officer and twelve men were
killed; the others were wounded. The
Russians engaged numbered 700 and
were from the Fifteenth Cossack Regi
ment. They reached Liaoyang by train
and marched thence to Anju. "A ma
jority of the enemy disliked fighting
the Japanese,", the official report says,
"and their morale is low."
TOKIO, May 12.— Official inquiry
shows that Viceroy Alexieff 's report
that railroad communication with Port
Arthur has been restored since Monday
is untrue.
Viceroy Alexieff's Report Regarding
Situation Is Denied From To'kio.
PORT ARTHUR XOT OPEN*.
SEOUL, Korea, May 12, 1:30- p/m.
According to the latest official reports
received here the Russian force which
attacked Anju - was part of General
MandaritoffB flying column of 600
Transbaikal and 100 Ussuri Cossacks.
Russian Forces in' Battle of Anju
Spoken of in Dispatches.
? ¦
TROOPS ARE IDENTIFIED.
SHANHAIKWAN. May 12.— A report
received from London that there has
been fighting at Wufungtien Is dis
credited here. It is reported that there
is only a small Japanese force in that
vicinity. The main force of the Japan
ese is said to be concentrating near
Port Arthur, with siepe guns, and
their intention is believed to be to at
tempt a repetition of the strategy of
the naval and military forces of the
United States before Santiago, and to
drive the Russian fleet out to battle.
There is no news here of the where
abouts of the first Japanese army
corps. •
Three hundred and fifty Russian sol
diers are at Newchwang and that city
Is quiet. Most of the white women who
resided at N'ewchwang have gone to
Tientsin.' but the white men remain
there.
The .censorship at Newchwang is se
vere. United States Consul Miller has
not been allowed to answer Minister
Conger's request for a statement as to
the local rituation.
Firing is reported to have been heard
to-day south of Newchwang.
Story of Battle at Wufunartien Xot
Believed In Shanliaikwan.
REPORTS ARE DISCREDITED.
SEOUL, Korea, May 12, 8:30 p. m.—
A junk that has arrived at Chemulpo
brings a report that heavy explosions
.were heard at sea early this morning.
It is believed here that these explo
sions occurred either at Port Arthur
or Dalny.
,An American miner who left Anju
on May 8 has «arrived here and re
ports that a force of 2900 Russians re
cently spent the night at Unsan. He
says also that large bodies of Russian
troops were reported to be in that vi
cinity.
Reports of fighting were received
here to-day, but they lack confirma
tion. _,,_
Junk Brines in News to Chemulpo of
Sounds at Sea.
REIH3RT HEAVY EXPLOSIONS.
'CHICAGO Mav :3 — The plant of th» Ar
mour Soap Work*, at Thirty-first plar* and
* Jir-nton street, was <V«roy*d by fire to-nljtftt,
tauitog a loss ot $200,001.1 oa building and
content*
TO FORTIFY SESTOBETZ.
BERLIN. May 12. — According to
advices from reliable sources Russia
will in a short time strongly fortify
the town of Sestobetz. on the Gulf ot
Finland, eighteen miles from St. Pet
ersburg and opposite Kronstadt. On»
hundred and twenty guns will be
mounted. Sappers are at Sestobetz
preparing this work for the protection
of the Neva and the capital.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 12.— Grand
Duke Cyril's nervous system and his
heart are somewhat seriously affected
as the result of his experiences at the
time of the blowing up of the battle
ship Petropavlovsk off Port Arthur on
April 13. The official report of his med
ical attendants says the Grand Duke
will require the closest attention and
most careful treatment. His cure, the
doctors say, will be a difficult and
tedious process.
GRAND DUKE CYRIIi ILL.
Increasing hardships and very real
distress are the portion of the unfor
tunate'foreigners who elected to remain
in the vicinity of Vladivostok, accord
ing to P. Crompton of that city, who
was among the passengers on the Em
press of India, which has Just arrived
here. All foreigners were requested to
leave at the outbreak of the war unless
thoroughly well provisioned. Quite a
number, including many Japanese, re
mained rather than sacrifice their busi
ness Interests, but quickly learned that
their proven possession of sufficient
supplies to meet the governmental re
quirement was but regarded as an in
vitation to the Russian troops to plun
der, them wantonly.
Virtually all the Japanese, with many
others, were forced to flee to Hab
orovsk, the manager of the Russo-
Chinese Bank of Vladivostok leading
the exodus. There the little colony of
refugees is facing slow starvation, such
food supplies as are available being
held for military uses and only secur
able by civilians at fabulous prices.
The Haborovsk unfortunates have re
cently sent representations of their
condition to the Japanese and British
consular representatives, with requests
for immediate aid.
PORTLAND. May 12.— A special to
the Telegram from Victoria, B. C,
says: .... 4
Foreigners in the Vicinity of Vladivos
tok Are Short of Supplies.
FACE SJX>\V STARVATION.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 12.-— -;The
following statement has been officially
communicated to the press:
"The war which' broke out in spite
of the peaceful Intentions of Russia
found the finances of the empire, in
a satisfactory position. The effective
capital of the exchequer, which at the
beginning of the year amounted to
182.000,000 rubles, has been more than
doubled up to the present by reason
of the diminution of the budget ex
penses. Now the whole sum at the dis
posal of the exchequer exceeds 300,000,
000 rubles. t
"Despite this, the war expenditure
must be very considerable, and on this
account it has been thought prudent to
discover a new method for providing
funds. These funds might be borrowed
from the state bank to the extent of
Official Statement Issues From St.
Petersburg: Regarding Amount.
RUSSIA WANTS LOAN.
GTANGTSE, Tibet. May 10 (de
layed In transmission.)— The Tibetans
have taken the offensive against the
British mlsaion camp here. From a
fort about six furlongs away they are
steadily .bombarding the camp with a
half dozen guns carrying solid cannon
balls of a pound weight.
Another large gathering of Tibetans
Is reported from the Rons Valley, and.
although the British communications
In the rear are still open, the mission
is practically besieged..
Bombarded From Distance.
British Mission Camp of Gwanjrtse Is
TIBETANS. rSE SOLID SHOT.
VIENNA. May 12.— Nothing is known
here of the reports, published in the
United States yesterday, of an alleged
anarchist conspiracy to blow up.Rus
sian fortresses and military depots, a
plot against the life of M. von
Plehwe, the Russian Minister of the
Interior, of a plot against the- life. -of
the Russian Emperor. Possibly the
reports originated in the vague rumors
of anarchist plots which were circulat
ed here last week and which have since
been contradicted. •. ' .
DENY ANARCHIST PLOT.
During the engagement Japanese
sharpshooters picked off several Rus
sian officers.
These troops came from Liaoyang nnl
were^covering twenty-five miles a day.
Prisoners say that the force had pro
visions for only twelve days and thai
half the men refused to fight.
It is learned from the highest source
that the Emperor Is exceedingly anx
ious to go to the front. To his inti
mates recently he has spoken much on
the subject, but he realized that condi
tions of state demand his presence at
home. Nevertheless, it is now not con
sidered impossible that he will follow
the example of all the Romanoff dynas
ty during this last century and un
dergo his baptism of fire. To fight with
th" army is one of the traditions of his
housp. Should he finally conclude .to
go, the Emperor, would not assume
active command of the troops, but
would have an imperial headquarters,
taking with him all the members of
his military cabinet. Being on the spot
the Emperor would more easily advise
General Kuropatkin In the event of
any question of great military moment
which he might desire to submit to his
Majesty.
The Emperor will go to Moscow Sat
urday to pray for victory at the Trin
ity Sergius Monastery, and thence,
after a few days, to Kharkoff, to bid
farewell to the Tenth and Seventeenth
Army Corps, previous to their depart
ure for the Far East.
A general attached to the head
quarters' staff, whom I asked to-day
what another defeat for the Russian
troops would mean, replied:
"Merely prolongation of the war."
The Bourse to-day took a roseate
view of the situation. There was a
brisk rally. Four per cent funds jumped
a point. This unusually cheerful spirit
Is shown In spite of the knowledge that
a Japanese division is nearing Hal
cheng. and heavy artillery Is being
landed by the Japanese with a view to
the bombardment of Port Arthur,
while Russian artillecv is being rap-
Idly removed from Newchwang and
Yinkow.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 12.— A mys
tery which the most skilled military
experts have been baffled to solve is
how it was that the Japanese cut off
Port Arthur and how soon after com
munication was again opened. The
matter has been explained to me by
an officer of the intelligence depart
ment who said It was simple.
The railway was never cut by the
Japanese. All the force were occupied
in carefully completing operations for
a difficult landing under adverse cir
cumstances in a typhoon at Pitzewo.
Meanwhile Hunchuses. who appeared
on all sides, made 'a raid to cut off
communications. The damage they
were able to do was slight and was
Quickly mended. A wonderful tale on
this, published In the Journal, is a pure
invention in view of the fact that a
military train full of important muni
tions got to Port Arthur.
Officer in Czar's Army Sheds Light on
a Port Arthur Mystery.
"On May 9 a squadron of the
enemy's cavalry approached within
fifteen miles of Wufungtien, but turned
back on meeting our scouts.
"The village of Tantsiafang was
found occupied by a detachment con
sisting of cavalry, artillery and infan
try. Cannon fire was opened by the
Japanese on coming into contact with
our small detachment, which had
penetrated within three miles of
Pitzewo." "
"A Japanese detachment of four or
five companies on May 9 attacked our
posts near Shihei, killing four of our
frontier guards and wounding eight.
"On, May 8 the Japanese left the
railway line and communication with
Port Arthur was re-established.
"According to Chinese information
20,000 Japanese landed east of Pitzewo
with field artillery and siege guns and
Pitzewo was occupied by 1500 men.
"Our detachment having covered
seven miles northwest of Pitzewo, ad
vanced to within three-quarters of a
mile of a fortification under con
struction, which was occupied by a
Japaneese infantry company. During
a fusillade one of the guards was
killed.
kept watch and passed the night east
of the railway. They then proceeded
southwest.
"Japanese detachments consisting of
one to one and a half companies each
"Japanese scouts appeared at 8
o'clock on the morning of May 6 at
Polandlen and then Japanese Infantry
came up and opened fire on a mail
train bound north, but without result.
"The Japanese evacuated Polandien
May 7, probably because a great storm
began to gather" and also because they
feared being cut off.
"A small detachment of Russian cav
alry effected a reconnoissance toward
Sanchilipu. Pitzewo and Wufungtien,
covering sixty-five miles. The railway
if? still free of the enemy.
"The Japanese on the evening of May
5 sent two regiments toward Tansia
fang and also two detachments south
and west of the points -of disembarka
tion. ' "- ' • : ¦ ' ! • ,- .
"Having fulfilled its task our Bmall
detachment retired on the evening of
May 5, but met en route a superior
force of the enemy and took another
road. The detachment was pursued by
the Japanese for a distance of six mlle3
and our casualties .were one sharp
shooter wounded.
"On May 4 some sixty Japanese
transports and warships ..appeared at
sea between Pitzewo and Cape Termin
al. Detachments of sharpshooters were
sent to reconnoitre and a small detach
ment of infantry was sent., The troops
sent to reconnoitre announced that the
Japanese were landing In KInchau Bay
near the mouth of the Tchengyu River
and were posting a division of 10.000
men in the neighboring -villages. The
Russian population was withdrawn
from Pitzewo.
ST. PETEP.SBURG. May 12.— Gen^
eral Karkevitch, in a dispatch to the
general staff, says that on May 8 part
of the Japanese vanguard appeared in
the valley of the Sedzo River and that
a copsiderable body of the enemy con
tinues to occupy Do-uanmyo. Another
detachment, composed „ apparently of
one battalion of infantry and half a
squadron of cavalry, is situated about
five miles north of Takushan.
Other information indicates, that on
May 10 a Japanese force of 100,000 in
fantry and tifty guns, chiefly of the
mountain type, halted for the day at
Hungkiapuszo and advanced on May
11 toward Siuyen. Another telegram
received by the general staff from Gen T
eral Karkevitch says:
100.000,000 rubles, but in order to avoid
expanding the effective capital at the
risk of a disturbance of the money in
circulation and, as the Government
wishes to see Russia at the end of the
war in the same financial position as
before the outbreak of hostilities, the
Finance Minister has considered "it
necessary to have recourse to an ex
ternal loan.
"By Imperial order of May 12 for an
increased war fund the issue of a 5
per cent external loan for a short term
has been decided upon with a nominal
capital of 300,000,000 rubles, or 800,000,
0P0 francs, under the title of 5 per cent
stated exchequer bonds of 1904, free
forever from Russian taxes. On May
14, 1909, these bonds will be redeem
able at the issue price and must be
presented for redemption in Paris.
"The flotation of the loan is entrust
ed to The Netherlands Bank, the Credit
Lyonaise and Hottlnger & Co. of
Paris."
The statement published in the for
eign press that after this loan another
will be issued In Germany is officially
declared to be without foundation.
One Hundred Thousand Japanese With Fifty Guns
Reported on the March to Town of Siuyen.
VIEW <>F THE PORT OF DALNY, NEAIJ PORT ARTHUR. WHICH HAS BEEN DESTROYED BY THE RUSSIAN'S TO PRE
1 VENT ITS OCCUPATION BY ADVANCING JAPANESE COLUMNS. THE ILLUSTRATION SHOWS THE SHORE FRONT AND
DOCKS AND CHIEF EASTERN TERMINAL OF THE TRANS-SIBERIAN RAILWAY.
"Up to the present time there has
been discovered at Kwan Tien Sien ad
vance guards consisting of a battalion
of infantry and three squadrons of
cavalry with a mounted battery.
"According to reports received, the
Japanese troops who before May 7 were
In the neighborhood of Fengwang
cheng were disposed of in two sections,
the first a day's march to the south
west . of Fengwangcheng road and
the second on the lower course of the
Tayang River. The latter commenced
to cross on the same day.
"There la no precise Information yet
to hand regarding the enemy's forces
which have landed at Pitzewo."
He said the fortress was practically
impregnable, adding that there was a
triple row of forts around the Port Ar
thur glacis, each position being fronted
by a moat, with a hedge of barbed wlr«
beyond, with bomb-proofa behind all
the batteries. The officer further de
clared that they had plenty of supplies
and ammunition and that the garrison
was In excellent spirits and confident
of being able to hold for nine months or
a year against any number of the
enemy, even if they possessed siege
guns. General Kuropatkin offered
General Stoesael reinforcements, but
the latter declined them, saying he had
enough men and did not care to run
the risk of an epidemic as the result of
overcrowding.
Information reaching the general
staff indicates that there is much sick
ness among the enemy's troops in Ko
rea; typhus, especially, is said to be
rampant.
The Ministry of War has received
the following dispatch from Major
General Pflung. dated May XI;
" "According to information received
May 10 from Fengwangcheng, one
of the guards divisions advanced alunpr
the Haicheng road and about a divi
sion and 230O cavalTy were to advance
by the Fengwangcheng road to Sa
matra.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 12, 9:50 p.
m.— It Is evident from a private letter
written by an artillery officer at Port
Arthur, dated April 20, that General
Stoessel, the Russian commander
there, was then daily expecting the cut
ting off of his communications. The
officer reported that everything was
ready to withstand a siege, and ex
pressed surprise that the enemy hail
delayed so long.
WASHINGTON. May J2. — Several
days ago th* 1 Chinese Government.
through Mr. Conger, gave notice thit
it could not permit a ship belonging
to the American Trading Company to
pail from Shanghai for its branch in
Yokohama carrying tin plate tad tea
lead, on the ground that this would
be a violation of neutrality as the ar
ticles were contraband. The State De
partment instructed Mr. Conger to en
ter a vigorous protest, pointing cut
that neither tin plate nor tea lead ap
peared in the list of articles described
r* contraband by the proclamations of
Russia and Japan. The Minister ca
lled the State Department that the
protest had been effective and the
5hip v/ill be allowed to sail.
Tin Plate and Tea Lead Are Not Con
traband of War.
*
RULING PROVES WRONG.
Changes Are Made at Request of Rus^
sia to Avoid Capture.
WASHIXGTOX, May 12. — Appar
ently to avoid the risk of Russian mail
falling into the enemy's hands the
. Russian Government has requested
'the United States to change the
route of all mails sent from or
through this country for Manchuria
;ind Siberia. In accordance with this
notification ih«? following general or
der, addressed to postal employes
throughout the country, was issued
• to-day by the Postofflce Department:
"Hereafter and until further orders
• mails destined for Siberia and Man
churia should be forwarded to New
York, to be included in mails for Rus
elac inkdp ud at the Xew York office."
The sisrnificance of this action lies
in the fact that until now the mails
for Siberia and Manchuria have been
. sent over the Siberian railway, going
first to San Francisco and thence via
Chinese or Japanese ports to a Sibe
rian railway point.
ROUTE FOR SIBERIAN MAIL.
CHICAGO, May 12. — The Daily
JCetvs correspondent sends the fol
lowing to-day under a Chefu date:
* After a cruise along the eastern coast
of Liaotungr Peninsula, the dispatch
t>o«t Fawan returned to port this
morning:. The whole of the coast in
the vicinity of Port Arthur is carefully
patrolled by the Japanese fleet. Tor
pedo-boats are protecting the landing
.Of troops.
The Fawan was stopped three times
by Japanese cruisers. Officers were
eert on board and th«* dispatch boat's
papers were examined. The boarding
officer invariably acted with the great
est courtesy, and. having satisfied him
tell that all was correct, Immediately
released the boat.
• Transports are still engaged In
landing- details of the second army
r.'-ar Pitzewo. It Is estimated that
¦4 1.000 men have already disembarked.
The Fawan was forbidden to approach
" the coast and warned against floating
mines. Six of these'dangerous neigh
bors were sighted.
Fighting is in progress daily on the
peninsula, but the details are kept
secret. It is said, however, that the
. Russians are offering very ineffective
resistance. One of the Japanese of
ficers who boarded the Fawan said he
understood from some of the army
mrr, that the Russians showed poorly
as fighters.
••We are amazed at the Russian
nrmy." he said. 'It is no better than
the Chinese."
A joint naval and military attack on
.Port Arthur is expected about May 16.
«
Sl^rciaJ DUpateh to The Call
Stoessel Thinks
Fortress Is Im
pregnable.
Japanese Amazed
at Foe's Poor
Fighting. .
Fleet of Mikado
Close to Port
Arthur.
General Declines
Offer of More
Troops.
WARSHIPS GUARD VESSELS LANDING TAPAN'S SECOND ARMY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY. MAY 13, 1904,
3
A D VEB.TISEMEUTS.
t
Did you ever play with
a burning glass ? It
doesn't make the sun
. any hotter. It just brings
the rays to a point, so
they sizzle.
Same with thinking.
Weak, spread-out
thoughts get nothing
done.
' "FORCE" makes your
thoughts come sharp to
a point— and burn a
hole in things.
0
What makes the world, gc
found in business ; almost the
most serious work of man h
business; and business aver-
ages rather crooked. There i
no straighter thing in th<
-world than Schilling's Best; a
your grocer's. \
ADVEBTISJEMENT3. . '
Two Garments for Summer Wear
. ¦ ¦ •
„ ¦••' "'S^^S\ ere are t wo garments for sum- ,'. j|§l||k
, { in a two-piece suit of homespun or j^. .-^yr
-flannel. Besides, Fashion has se-
<^i^ lected this suit as the proper sum- Vf^SK *%*
//T;*/- / In San Francisco the weather -^i0^S^ : :-^:^\
&&+$&' '.' '"'• *a^^^ grows cool in the evening. Then iS^^^p^^^S^'^rt
#@S^5-"'- : 'vKS^vf^ you want an overcoat— not a heavy l^^p^|H> :^^l^^''1
'./0$^%^: : {\ : '-;'.; -isf^^KS^ You should have these clothes — both /^^vS^^^fe^^-P| %'/s.'-S
F%y3? . SSfe^N^-^^^g^ for comfort and style. You can buy ? l£ • * :^ '
?|&p< ; .; V -^W" here from the makers and save fully JS^^E^^Rpi^iv^l^- - ; - :^
We show a splendid assortment of ;^ w'S
VW& '¦'¦'¦ .'I^Sv- ¦' •.'•••/: We have swell tan top coats for $8.50.« \ -fetBffij IMiMBE
fM'-!: : Wi^S0 : '' : \ Tne y w ou!d cost you at least $12.50 TO^^S W§PS
W-^<^0'^&^^'-- :^ elsewhere. Investigate for yourself. %'$WmF slliiil
it^W fe'Sf terns of all shades, latest cut, single- 'iifiH Jr leH
: .|F ¦ : :/:J&p' breasted, concave shoulders, long, €81/ llilt
W\''SW narrow lapels and close-fitting neck; WeBM/ sHH 1
¦%•!• SPSS regular $12.50 suits for $8.50. ''^'wK Wif
3*etcho> /miffz^^ 740 Market Street ci^S:ART ASSOCIATION' "TO
EXHIBIT AT ST. LOUIS
MYSTERIOUS WOJIAX AFTER
/ THE WINDMILLER ESTATE
for perusal his client's petition for dis
tribution to her of the estate.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that the annual
examination for, the customs service,
San Francisco, will be held at 301
Jackson street,, commencing July 11.
Age limit, 20 years or over. Apply to
the secretary of the Board of Civil
Service Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
for application form 101. which should
be properly executed and filed with the
secretary prior to 4 p. m. on June 13.
Persons applying for more than ono
grade will be required to file an ap
plication, properly, executed, for each
grade. . -
Customs Examination.
T. K. Williams, a miner, testified that i
he worked in' the Old Glory mine, and !
once or twice saw nuggets in. the drift
worth $40.
The trial will proceed to-day.
As part proof that George W. Rumble
had made false representations through
the United States postoffice to stimu-
I late- the sale of stock of the Sunset
Mining Company, the prosecution
placed Mrs. Cornelia Brown on the wit
ness stand yesterday In the United
States District Court; Mrs. Brown was
formerly the wife of Joseph Haile, a
Justice of the Peace at Vacaville. She
met Rumble in March, 1900, and . he
induced her to buy fifty chares of
Orange Mining Company's stock., He
represented to her according to her
testimony, that accrued dividends of
2 per cent per month, amounting to
$60, would be paid to her. She there
upon handed him $100 in. gold and he
Immediately returned $60 to "her. She
subsequently exchanged the fifty shares
for 100 "shares of Sunset Mining Com
pany's stock. In July, 1901, ehe ac
cepted employment in Rumble's office
as a stenographer and received .month
ly dividends regularly of 2 per cent
on her stock up. to and including Janu
ary, 1903, after which date she left
his employment. After she left
Rumble's office the dividends ceased,
for what reason she did not know.'
There was an agreement between her
and Rumble whereby she was to re
ceive 10 per cent commission on all
stqck sold to persons with whom she
corresponded. She ' sent " about 900 .
letters through, the mail and made only
one sale, that of 200 shares to H. A.
Gloudeman or Uttlechute, Wls., at $1
per share. ' , ' ' .
With reference to the Alliance Bank
incorporated by Rumble, March 4, 1903,
during the "interregnum in the State
banking' laws, the witness stated that
she never knew that any meeting of the
board of directors had been held.- The.
maiden name of Mrs. Rumble was.
Mary Francis. Rodgers and Frank.
Rodgers was the name" of one 1 ot the ;
directors. j
Christine Jorgensen,' who had been '
Rumble'*' stenographer, testified that/
the only book of account that she ever
saw In the office was the stock- ledger.
The names of the directors of the bank
were George W. Rumble.Jra A. Pease,
Frank Rodgers, Henry Armstrong and-;
Christine Jorgensen. She wag /down •
for two shares, valued at $200, but had
never received the stock. The bank
had never opened for business and she j
had never seen the'eashier or any ; of
the directo'rs.
BIG NUGGETS
IN OLD GLORY
From Sacramento — Hon. Joseph Steffens and
wlfp. F. W. Keisei, A. B. Oreertlaw and wife,
J. VV. Creor and wife:
F. Mast and wife of Woodland, F. O. Webb
of D«vl»vlll«\ R. B. Oullahan of Stockton, O.
W. T. Ogilvlc of Bakercn>ld, D. E. Morgan
and wife of Nevada City. E. T. Root and wife
of Grass Valley. B. W. Sloan and wife or
Berkeley. F. Uakewell of Oakland, M. L. Mc-
Donald of Santa Rosa, William Wiener and
wife of San Jose, J. F. Mclnerny and sister of
San Jose, C. A. Evans and wife of Napa. J.
M. Roberts of MendccinO County; W. J. Casey,
wife and daughter of Sun Rafae!.
The California State Board of Trade
excursion to St., Louis will start this
morning. The following is a partial
list of the passengers who will make
up this excursion. It has been' Im
possible to get the names of all the
parties throughout the State, espe
cially from Southern California: V
From San Francisco — Captain R. L. Batch
elder. K. Batchelder. G. M. Batchelder and
wife. Miss Batchelder. Mr. Goodwin, Ada M.
Goodwin. Norrls Gocdwln, .K. G. Allen Dr
Edwin S. Brayfdgle and wife Hon. Benjamin
Edson, L. M"Kibbon. II. L. Wilson, J. M
Roller and wife. F. F. Wear and family, S.
Lackey and wife. M. Morgan. J. M. Brown.
J. F. Murray. A. C. Campbell and mother. Mr.
and Mrs. Payot, R. H. Sterling and wife Miss
Florence Hayes. Miss Gertrude Allan, T. R.
Chase, A. Bettman, F. E. Brady. W. Bancroft.
F. Q. Miner. J. \V. Barber, L. M. Fletcher, F.
W. Smith and wife of Honolulu.
From Palo Alto — Dr. Howard Black. Miss
Black. Miss Barrett. Miss Clock, E. D. Lakin
and wife, .Miss Lakin, J. W. Wella and wife.
Mrs. Dr. Mayhew. ' ¦ - •
From Fresno— J. F. Hlxson and wife. Dr.
J. W. Baker and wife, Mrs. J. C. Roedlng, H.
C. Rrlgle and wife, J. R. McKay and wife,
John Bonnar. ••
Train for Su Louis Will Carry Pas
sengers From All Over /
the State.
STATE BOARD OF TRADE
EXCURSION LEAVES TO-DAY
Arthur M. Burns, a newspaper re
porter, was called to identify scraps of
paper he had found in front of the res
idence of Mauritz Meinenberg, at 4800
Mission street, and pasted together.
Pieced out. the letter bore the address
of .Leon Soeder, and the Maier girls
testified that it was the front of an
envelope addressed to the defendant at
the number of Meinenberg's residence.
They said he called at 10 o'clock on the
morning of January 11. when Blaise's
body, was found, and told them that he
was worried about his brother-in-law,
because Blaise had not come to the
room on the previous night. About 5
o'clock on the 7 same evening Soeder
THOSE MISSING LKTTERS.
The tv.o Maier girls, who crossed the
Atlantic with Soeder and Blaise, were
pifcturesque but rather unimportant
witnesses. Mies Annie Maier could not
talk English, but her sister, who ha3
been married since her advent to this
city and whose name Is now Mrs.
Hencer. dispensed with the aid of an
interpreter. During Miss Annie Maier's
examination Judge Cook, who Is thor
oughly conversant with the German
language, frequently interrupted the
intrpreter and corrected the purport of
the questions and answers.
Both young women testified that they
crossed from Havre to New York on
the steamship La Touralne in company
with Soeder and Blaise. On board
Soeder was esteemed a wealthy man,
and it was understood that he was
bearing all of the expenses of Blaise's
passage. At the same time Soeder
never claimed to them that he was
other than a cook by occupation, and
he told them that he expected to take
Bfaise in a kitchen with him and teach
him the business of cooking.
against the defendant because of his
failure to make good his promise of
securing $10,000 or more from the estate
of his uncle in Germany.
called again at the house and the en
velope was delivered to him. It was
suggested by Miss Annie Maier that it
might contain news from Blaise. Soeder
tore the envelope open and found three
letters contained in It. He declined to
read the letters at that time and put
them away in his pocket. The envelope
he threw in the yard and the scattered
bits were subsequently collected. • The
prosecution purposes to show that the
address was in Soeder's handwriting
and that he wrote the letters himself
and addressed them to. himself. What
became of the inclosed letters has never
been ascertained.
Other witneses examined were Mau
ritz Meinenberg, uncle of the two young
women who crossed the ocean with
Blaise, and Soeder and at whose home
they stopped in this city; J. N. Kll
gariff of the Pacific Mutual Life In
surance Company and Dr. William R.
Kreusess of the same company. The
testimony of the latter two was simply
in corroboration of other testimony in
troduced regarding Soeder's applica
tions for insurance on the life of Blaise.
The hearing of the case will continue
at 10 o'clock this morning.
MISS CATHERINE FLATLEY. THE YOUNG WOMAN, IN ORDER TO OBTAIN
MONEY TO MARRY WHOM THE PROSECUTION CLAIMS LEON SOEDER
MURDERED HIS BROTHER-IN-LAW. JOSEPH BLAISE.
Trusting that your disinterested work will
be crowned with success, we await with pa
tience tht day when the feeling for beauty
will be paramount to apparent commercial
necessity p. s. HEAL.Y,
Secretary f f the . Fnirmount Association.
A wise oollcy would and will preserve these
boautiful elevation* by an artistic and scien
tific system of street outlines, so that the
curved lines — the line of beauty — which gives
reel to the eye, would alao give the easiest
acc*s« to the territory that awaits and yet
repels the home -builder.
Now that your association has had the wis
dom and enterprise to invite to our city the
enlightened architect whose experience In
rectifying the mistakes of the old and hap
hazard builders of Kastern cities, let us hope
that he may do for San Francisco what an
other architect, secured by the enlightened
liberality cf Mr*. Phebo Hearst, has done for
our Stoto university, viz.: that he formulate
a comprehensive plan for- the realignment of
our streets, wherever it In found that their
pr«B«nt lines' Interfere with the natural beauty
and accessibility* cf the land. Mr. Burnham
should be asked to select sites for aquariums,
auditoriums, mus:ums, parks and other im
provements for the recreation and enlighten
ment of the people. • And these improvements
and civilising Influences should not be exclu
alvcly conlined to the districts north of Market
*tr«-et. There are things of morw'preMlng need
than a triumnhal arch at ..the .park entrance.
Small parks and breathing places are now con
sidered of absolute' nectsilty in every large
community. They- are onses of health and
safety th.it the people will have if their mu
nicipal afTalra are wisely administered.
. We may say here in passing that in th» dis
trict from which this communication emanates
la situated the most available and perfect site
for an outdoor theater existing on the whole
I«-uln*ula. We refer, to the depression that is
situate on the northeast slope of Fairmount
Hill, Just wi>st -of the corner of Castro and
Thirtieth street*. The Indenture In the hill
side at the point named - forms a natural
amphitheater. We respectfully ask your asso
ciation to visit • th» loculltv referred to and
confirm by observation what we have barely
outlined.
In this connection we deplore the mercenary
vandalism that has obtained in the past under
tha. guise of public . improvements — Improve
ments that were made for purely commercial
reasons. We now see that those improve
ments ara as useless as they are unsightly;
that they are defacements of the city's con
tour; made by people who had no conception
of esthetic needs and the injury that they
were Inflicting upon the fair outline of the me
tropolis of the Pacific Statm.
} They wero ijtnorant.of the value, of beauty
as a financial asiet even In the life of a mu
nicipality. As examples of this thoughtless
mutilation of our landscape, we refer to tha
Second-street cut, the destruction of the east
ern slope of Telegraph" Hill, the eyesore at
Sixteenth street And the, hideous excavation at
Twenty-sixth and Dome las street*, and last,
but not least, the -proposed mutilation of the
beautiful contour of Fairmount Hill by allow
ing the location of a quarry and the erection
of a. rock-crufchlnir*plant on the south line of
Thirtieth street. Immediately w*st of Castro.
These mutilations of a city's outline would
rot be allowed In any Eastern city of similar
population, area and metropolitan aspirations.
We dealr^ especially to call the attention of
your association to the range of hills that runs
nearly the whole length of the peninsula upon
which our city is situated. Street lines have
b:?n run on most of these hills as If they were
prairies,- run at right angles without regard
to rradient or beauty, thus hindering settle
ment and destroying the natural outlines of
these beautiful elevations.
To the DreBident and members of the Citi
zens' A«s.jciation for the iniDrovcment and
Adornment of 8an Francisco — Gentlemen: We,
the member* of the Fairmount Dl»trlct Prop
erty Owners' Defensive and Improvement As
sociation, do hereby heartily agree with your
purpose of beautifying and adorning San Fnui
cisoo, and desire to .co-operate with you to the
end of creating- a public sentiment favorable
to the maklnjc of San Francisco not only the
commercial metroDoiln .of -th« Pacific States,
but we also dtslre- to have San Francisco
luiown aa the moat beautiful city on the con
tinent, which It should be by virtue of lta
climate, configuration and geographical posi
tion. .... .
The Fairmount District Property
Owners* Defensive and Improvement
Association, in the Interest of the
movement for obliterating such land;
scape blots as now exist within , the
city limits and generally beautifying
the metropolis of the West, has sent
to each of the improvement clubs of
.the city. the following communication:
Association' Sends Compre
hensive Communication to
Local Improvement Clubs
Defendant's counsel gingerly handled
Miss Flatley and forbore to question
her regarding the relations existing be
tween herself and Soeder. Soeder
sneered several times while Miss Flat
ley was testifying, and frequently gave
& movement of the throat that indi
cated his disappointment in the
woman's hostile attitude toward him.
General Salomon succeeded in bringing
out some fans that tended to show
that Miss Flatlev had an animus
She also testified that he had tele
graphed her from New York in the
latter part of October, 1503, stating
that he hnd been robbed and asked for
$100. which she sent him. A letter fol
lowed from Soeder a few days later,
detailiEj? the circumstances of the al
leged robbery, saying that a watch was
taken from him on a lonely road "Hear
Rochester. N T . Y., and a diamond ring;
which the prosecution claims was
pawned at a local - pawnshop after
Boeder's return from his trip to Ger
many, the pn,-ceeds of which were used
in th? payment of the insurance on the
life of Blaise.
HIS CLAIM OF ROBBERY.
Mis? Catherine Flatley was the main
witness in the hearing yesterday. She
was called to the stand An the morning
and told of her acquaintance with Leon
Soeder. She met him in March, 1903,
ar.d saw him frequently from that time
until he went to Alaska the summer
following. A desire to marry Miss Flat
ley is one of the alleged motives that
prompted Soeder to kill his brother-in
.l?.w after he had secured $13,000 insur
ance on the latter's life. Miss Flatley
toM of- the presents she had received
from Soeder. consisting c-f a diamond
ring, a breastpin and earrings, valued
at ?T00.
"There is a threat of the prosecution.
That was published in The Call, to the
effect that a cellmate of Soeder had
olicited a confession from him. I cmly
hope that the prosecution attempts to
introduce such evidence. It may be a
u>rpedo-boat for them, but I have a
torpedo-boat destroyer in waiting to
blow it up."'
"I Khali move for a dismissal of the
entire proceedings against Leon Soe
ccr," said General Salomon, "but in
ih«_face of public opinion I scarcely
t-xpect my motic-n to be granted. Be
fore a jury of unprejudiced men I shall
submit the fate of my client. All the
testimony I expect to introduce is that
of Coi!ins, Parker and Leon Soeder. I
am proingr to put the defendant on the
stand and make him tell every act of
his on the night that his brother-in-law
«vas murdered. I do not expect that
Judpe Cook will dismiss the case at
the conclusion of the prosecution's tes
timony. I have purposely given the
District Attorney every latitude In the
introduction of testimony in order to
s-how the jury how utterly baseless the
charge of murder is against my
client.
At the lamp post on the corner of
TaykTar.d Union streets Collins is said
to have observed a man. He wore a
full beard and in no way bore a re
sembJanci? to Soeder. Apparently he
understood what Blaise said to him
and the two engaged in conversation.
GoHirs took no- further notice of Blaise
;:nd did rot know whether or not the
two proceeded through tho cut on Tay
lor &trrft. Another tritnesa Salomon
intends to call tu- the stand is W. F.
1'arker. connected with the Hartford
Insurance Company. He speaks Ger
man fluently and held a personal con
versation with Blaise regarding: the in-
he desired to take out. Both of
these witnesses were summoned by the
prosecution, but were not put on the
Ftar.d Curing the preliminary hearing
befcfe Judge Cabaniss.
SOlTDKIt WILL TESTIFY.
General Edward Salomon, chief coun
sel for the de'er.Ee of Leon Soeder, ac
cused of the murder of Jtrseph Blaise,
his bruther-in-law, on tlie night of Jan
uary 10. developed his theory yester
day. It was to the effect that Soeder
wtis as innocent of the crimo as a new
bora babe and that the murder was
cone by others for the purpose erf rob
bery.
Salomon does not expect to prove an
alibi, in the large sense of the word.
He admits that he has no corroborative
-witnesses tu testify that Soeder wes in
another place at the time the crime
was committed. He only intends to
ircpe^rh the testimony of the prosecu
tion. To <Jo this he expects to call to
the stand, Leon Soeder, the defendant
oa the murder charge, and ask him to
tell abc-ut his movements on the night
cf the murder. Then he will call Divi
sion Superintendent Collins of the
Union street lire to prove that he ac
t-osted Biaise at the power-house and
directed hi:n to Jacksoa street.
Will Put Alleged
Murderer on
the Stand.
OUTDOOR THEATEll SITE
Fairmouiit Property Owners
Offer Plan for Adorn
ment ofv San .Francisco
WOULD HELP
BEAUTIFY CITY
CHIEF COUNSEL FOR SOEDER
GIVES OUTLINE OF DEFENSE
THE SAK FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 1904.
HONOLULU, T. H.. May 12.— Fred
Young, physical -director of the Hono
lulu Y. . M. C/A;, died last Tuesday
after a three weeks' illness of tuber
cular meningitis. He "wag 30 years of
age and a native of England. The de
ceased was soon to have been married.
Y. M. C. A. Director Dies.
The committee in charge of the lo
cal exhibition at the St. Louis Expo
sition has obtained from the San
Francisco Art Association a very in
teresting display for' the San Fran
cisco building. It consists in part of
elaborate collections of photograph?,
showing interior and exterior views <">C
the' Mark Hopkins Institute and also
of the various classes of the School of
Design; a number of colored poster*
done for past exhibitions by student*
of the school; plaster medallfons antl
a frame of- sample pages of the "Ra
view of Art," published by the asso
ciation. AH of these productions are
appropriately framed and will pre
sent a most artistic effect when place*!
upon the walls of the alcove specially
prepared for their reception.
Will Send Interesting Collection of
Photographs of San Francisco
Buildings and Interiors.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that Isadore J. Proulx was prop
erly appointed Justice of the Peace in
one of Glenn County's Judicial
townships In 1900. Two townships,
each having a Justice of the Peace,
were consolidated and Proulx was ap
pointed to fulfill the duties of the two
men. The men who were out of a
job declared the consolidation uncon
stitutional and had Proulx's salary
held up- The Supreme Court says
Proulx can collect his pay.
Proulx Gets Salary.
Lola I. Singleton i8 to the fore with
a'claim that she is entitled to have
distributed to her -the $12,000 estate
b£ Henry J. Wlndmiller, a miner who
died in this city a few'months ago. and
whose estate has since been in the
hands;; of the Public Administrator.
The appearance of the woman claim
ant , is mysterious' in that.. her op
position to the distribution oC the
Windmiller estate to the three heirs
of the* deceased, who reside in Ger
many, is based, on-the claim that she
is the miner's widow, a statement.dis
puted by ; the hejrs, !whrr_say that'the
deceased was. never married. ; Attor
ney Holllster, who represents the Sin
gleton * woman," will T - not * discuss the
case. ..When questioned about the mat
ter ;-¦ yesterday he simply contented:
himself with looking wise and offering
Ixila I. Singleton, Claiming to Be the
Widow of Miner, Asks Court to
Give . Her His Property.
4
financiaia --- — ' — ~~" — ""~~
IMPERIAL JAPANESE 0O\liIlNT
6% STERLING LOAN, DUE APRIL 5, 1911
With option to the Imperial Japanese Government to redeem all or any part after April 5. W. «P°n
giving six months' notice. v
. Secured by ; a first charge on the customs receipts of the empire.
Created under the authority of Law No. 1. dated March 29, "1904. and of an imperial ordinance of His
Majesty the Emperor, No. 138, promulgated May 10, ioo4- %
Coupon bearer bonds in the denomination of £100 and £200.
Semi-annual interest payable April 5th and October 5th at the office of the Yokohama Spede Bank Ltd.
London, and at its agency in New York.
, , Principal and interest payable both in Lo'ndon in sterling and in New York in United States gold dol-
lars at the fixed rate of exchange of $4.87 per pound sterling.
" ¦ Paris Bank Ltd., the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation and the Yokohama Specie Bank
Ltd. are authorized by the Imperial Japanese Government to issue the above £10,000,000 bonds; of tn»
amount £5,000,000 is being offered for public subscription in London by the above mentioned banks and
£5,000,000 has been taken under the authority of the Imperial Japanese Government from the London is-
suing banks by Messrs. Kuhn, Loeb & Co. i
The London issuing banks make the followinars statements in their prospectus, which Kas been approved
by Korekiyo, Takahashi, Esq., Vice Governor of the Bank of Japan, the Imperial Japanese Government's
duly authorized special commissioner in London:
"The Imperial Japanese Government reserves the right to redeem at par all or any of the bonds at
any time, after April 5, 1907, on giving six months' notice. Partial redemption to be effected by drawings
at the office of the Yokohama Specie Bank Ltd., London, and the New. York agency of the same bank, in
the usual manner". The bonds will be secured both as to principal and interest by a first charge upon the
Imperial Japanese customs receipts, and. the Imperial Japanese Government will pav each month . one-
twelfth part of the sum required annually for the interest payable on this issue to the Hongkong and
Shanghai Banking Corporation and to the Yokohama Specie Bank Ltd., as representatives of the bond-
holders in Yokohama or in London, at the option of the Imperial Japanese Government. Coupons and
drawn bonds of this issue will be receivable for their full face value in payment of customs duties at all
the custom-houses of the Empire of Japan at the fixed exchange of two shillings one-half penny per yen.
"The average annual yield of the customs receipts of the Empire of Japan, as shown by the Financial
and Economical Annual of Japan, number three, issued by .the Department of Finance, was £1,484.612 for
the five years 1898-9 to 1902-3. The yield for the year 1902-3 was £1,740,071. Since the close of the last
financial year the tariff of customs duties has been increased on certain articles."
Referring to the above, the undersigned are authorized by the Imperial Japanese Government to is-
sue the above loan and hereby offer for public subscription £5,000,000 of the above bonds at the price of
£-9iV2 per cent and accrued interest. l'£li. ... . - •_
The subscription list will be opened at 10 a. m. on May 12, 1904, and will be closed . on or before
May 17, 1004. The undersigned reserve to themselves the jight to close the subscription list at any time
without notice apd to reject any subscriptions and allot smaller amounts than. applied for.
All subscriptions, which should be made on the form which can be obtained from the undersigned,
are to be accompanied by a deposit of $25 in New York funds per £1 00 bonds. . .
If no allotment be made the deposit will be returned in full, and if only a portion of the amount
applied for be allotted the balance of the deposit will be appropriated towards, the amount due on May 25,
T904. If any .further balance remains, such balance will be returned. Failure to pay any installments at due
dates will render all previous payments liable to forfeiture.
The rate' of exchange fixed by the undersigned for transmission to London and at which payment
will have to be made by subscribers is $4.88 per pound sterling. Payment for bonds allotted is to be
-made in New York funds as follows:
On application. $25.00 per £100 bond on May 25. 1904; $25.00 per £100 bond on Tune 30, 1904; $413.18
per £100 bond. Totall, $463.18 per £100 bond, which is the equivalent of £93^ per cent and accrued inter-
est. Temporary certificates to bearer will be delivered by the undersigned in exchange for allotment let-
ters indorsed, upon payment of final installment. A coupon for payment of the semi-annual interest due on
October 5, 1904, will be attached to the temporary certificates. "
Payment in full. may be made on May 25, 1904; under discount at the rate of two per cent per.annmn.;-
.The bonds will be delivered by the undersigned in exchange for'tHe temporary certificates as soon as
practicable.
' •• ._ ¦' V'V-'-
KUHN, LOEB 5 CO., William and Pine Sts. NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE IN N. Y, 31 Nassan St.
New York, May 10, 1904. NATIONAL CITY BANK, 52 Wall St.
WOMAN TO-DAY \vfK%{ ' - V.*^ iJl/x COMPLEXION AT
-HAS HER OWN \S^Y I Jp WKQretv' HER FINGERST'EHDS
Personal Beauty"
has been much written of, constantly thought of nine women out of a hundred who feiTm becom*
— but hitherto never really taxxghil - ing beautiful because they do not kn&w turn/
The magazines of America and Europe have to make tkemsefoes so I
published endless chapters on the subject, con- Beyond all question the most notable series of
taining something of interest, little of scientific papers on Personal Beauty wfiich have ever
truth, and less of practical value to the individual. appeared in a magwrine are those by Dr. Grace
The newspapers with their extravagant parade Peckham Murray.now appearing mThe DeEne-
of omniscience have done far more to mar than ator under the title of "The Fountain of Youth.**
mate for personal comeliness. The subject this month is **The Neck and
There are but two ways for a woman to be Arms," profusely illustrated with photographs
beautiful; she must be born to it, or acquire it from life.
— and the most famous beauties of the world had No woman young or old can fail to read this
no more given mem by Nature than- have ninety- series with intense interest and personal profit.
CX rcw mrwidraler or «nr Buttmck »fn»t. « of ihs pdU»Iiet». at Fifteen Grnh • copy ; Ooe Dollar a year
THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY. Lmriied, Buttariek Bu&&*. N«w York
FKEE! FREE!
AN ALUMINUM
COLLAPSIBLE CUP.
You Will Appreciate Its FULL
VALUE on Your NEXT
OUTING.
'•We offer this premium as. an
Inducement for you to test the
pulling power of our classified
columns.
Free 'Friday and .Saturday for
SUNDAY WANT ADS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft mmvL\vi\i "ffi 0^^^* 0 ?^? 33 *
¦1 Mate's Banner BreFI
W^f%*> * l * Sn>t ta^' 1^ iat c ° unts - lts quality — Qual- (jj
v|F?>^ Jty that stands pat at all times, for honest K
Vv^^i criticism. The unprecedented popularity of B
ft \2l Blatz Wiener is due to its pronounced in-. &|
K\ \*^» dividuality — that indescribable, honVst-fla- ||
Yl \ *7 vor that ahva}*s means "Blatz" — that de- [I
« /M, lightful Blatz Wiener "smack" that goes y
J\ *\n3 straight to the spot. Drink it for beer char- 11
f \^^\Y\ acter; for health's sake drink it. Ask for KJ
I ' >^*tf^^ it downtown and send a case home. M
\ k \BW ALWAYS THE SAME ||
A V> COOD OLD Sj
fL^!gg^> "BLATZ," I
/^jr^' BLATZ MALT-VfiViNE I
EM (NON-INTOX.) TONIC R
W» DRUGGISTS OR DIRECT. £1
ilk VAL BLATZ BREWING 110. ;¦ Milwaukee. I
NapfpUifc CAU RIDH £r P0 WHOLESALE DEALERS. 2**> BATTEBTBT' H
OAM OiDU * UU^ tuIniMte. Tel. Mala 6359. HHermann Sons Elect Officers.
SAN JOSE, May 12.— A masked
man attempted to hold up the saloon
of Tierny & Dalton on Santa Clara
street, near Orchard, late last night.
The stranger entered the place a short
time before and asked for a drink of
whisky, saying he was sick. He was
ordered out of the saloon and left,
only to return a few minutes later
with a handkerchief tied over his
mouth and nose. He went behind the
bar and when within a foot of Albert
Dalton drew a large revolver and
pointed it at the saloon-keeper's head.
Dalton put his hands on his hips and
the fellow, believing Dalton Intended
to shoot, backed from behind the bar
and ran into the street. Dalton noti
fied the police and Officer Guerin ar
rested a man who answered the de
scription of the would-be highway
man. The suspect is being detained by
the police pending an investigation.
Becomes Frightened When Proprietor
Makes a \HJp Pocket 3lovement
and Rons Into Street.
MASKED MAX ATTEMPTS
TO HOLD UP A SALOON
SACRAMENTO, May 12.— Ed Goepel,
a local'plumber, who" is alleged to have
committed suicide in San Diego, is in
this 'City, alive and;well.
'-Goepel thinks, that the San Diego sui
cide Is W. J. Smith, formerly plumbing
inspector of Sacramento/ — ;
Mistake in the Suicide.
Kicked onTOie Head by a Colt.
yiSALIA,' May. 12.— Earl Daggett
Jri; grandson of Attorney Alfred Dag
gett of this city, was kicked, on the
head : by a . colt .' this morning and
prdbably fatally injured. ! His skull is
badly fractured and -. there is ? small
hope for his recovery.
SAN JOSE, May 12.— The gradua
tion exercises of the department of
elocution of the University of the'Pa
cific were held this evening ' and
diplomas were granted to Miss Jessie
Ward, Miss Catheryn Potter, Miss
Edith Dixon and Miss Marie Ruff. : A
fine programe of instrumental and vo
cal music .was rendered by students of
the Conservatory.of Music.
Receive Their Diplomas.
LOS ANGELES, May 12.— Business
moved very slowly in the Methodist
General Conference to-day, and the
events of the day's sessions were dull
and uninteresting to the crowds that
filled the galleries, arid at times failed
even to hold the attention of the dele
gates. The entire morning hours were
taken up in a tiresome discussion of the
report of the committee, on rules of or
der, which occupied part of yesterday's
session. Only once did the delegates
take notice with any degree of unanim
ity, and that was when the two great
est debaters of the body, Dr. J. M.
Buckley of New York and Dr. T. B.
Neely of Philadelphia, exchanged rhet
orical thrusts. 1 It was all over the meth
od of constituting the Judiciary com
mittee. Dr. Buckley wanted power
given to the Bishops to' name five . of
the nineteen members of that important
committee, which was in opposition to
the recommendation of the rules com
mittee, as reported by Dr. Neely. The
committee's report on the section final
ly prevailed. •
Immediately after, recess Joseph C.
Hartzell, missionary Bishop to Africa,
read his report to the conference. It
was full of • interesting details of his
work in the "Dark Continent" and
made strong>appeal for additional funds
to prosecute his labors in the Christian
izing of the natives. Statistics showed
a membership of 5000 in Africa. There
are 114 schools, said Bishop Hartzell,
with 650 teachers and 5000 scholars. The
total value of the Methodist church's
property In Africa is $320,000, an- in
crease of $150,000 In the last quadren
niirm.
Bishop Hartzell paid an eloquent
tribute. to the character of the late
Cecil Rhodes. .
VI once. asked Mr. Rhodes," said the
Bishop,: "what was his ambition. He
replied: 'My ambition is to do the
greatest thing for barbarous humanity,
and to give all my power to the uni
fication of the English-speaking world."
Dr. J. M. Buckley, chairman of . the
committee on episcopacy, made a par
tial report to the conference, which will
come up for. discussion to-morrow. The
report relates to, a. passage in Bishop
Merrill's request for retirement. The
committee recommends that superan
nuated general superintendents be re
lieved of the obligation to travel at
large; and may choose their own place
of residence; that they shall not be as
signed to an annual .conference, .but
may, take , the chair at an annual or a
general conference upon request of the
president; that they be placed In an
advisory relationship to the body of
Bishops and become members of the
different boards • of which Bishops are
ex-officio members. :.
A committee was. named to carry the
greetings of the conference to the con-'
ventlon of locomotive engineers, now in
session in this ' city, and k the conference
adjourned for ; the : day t " -~r~^ ' r - :/:
VICTORIA, B. C, May 12. — Mis
sionary passengers by the liner
Empress of India bring advices of an
atrocious massacre on the west coast
of British North Borneo. On March
31, at 10 o'clock at night, aband of 150
rebels from the interior, armed with
guns, parangs, spears and blowpipes,
swept down* upon the little colony at
Kawang railway station, midway be
tween Jesselton and Papar. The band
divided Into two parts, one of a hun
dred remaining concealed as a reserve
on the top of a hill, while the other
rushed down upon * the settlement,
butchered the Inmates of the Chinese
smashed the telephone and killed the
wife and child of the station master,
the latter saving his life by hiding in
the brush.
The murderers then turned their at
tention to the coolies, . killing and
wounding right and left., The English
railway driver was among the victims,
a speedy and terrible end coming to
him and his wife. The carnage then
became general, males, females and
innocent babes being butchered. The
houses and huts in Kampong were
on fire and when nothing was left but
dead bodies , and cruelly wounded peo
ple, ashes and desolation, the murder
ers went their way.
The survivors, one native fireman,
the station master, and a few of the
wounded coolies, ran down the line in
the direction of Jesselton for their lives.
By. putting all steam on the construc
tion engine stationebd there, the ter
rible news was carried to Jesselton.
The total number of killed was one
hundred and thirty. No record Is avail
able of the number of
Commit an Atrocious Massa
cre on the West Coast
of British North Borneo
Business Moves Slowly and
at Times Fails to Hold
Attention of the Delegates
At' the annual business meeting of
the Association of Veteran Rebekahs,
held last Tuesday night, Mary A. Haw
ley was elected president; M.
Adams, vice president; Ella Van Court,
secretary; Lizzie Berry, treasurer, and
Mary Warner, marshal. The associa
tion has by election made Mary E.
Donoho, secretary of the assembly, a
member. Last evening the association
met in the Encampment Hall of the
Odd Fellows 1 building and there en-
Joyed a banquet and speechmaklng.
Veteran Rebckalis.
DULL SESSION
OF CONFERENCE
REBELS WIPE
OUT A COLONY
OFFICIALS OF VALLEJO
SAID TO BE INELIGIBLE
Point Is Raised That Several of Them
Are Drawing Salaries From the.
Federal Government.
VALLEJO, May 12. — There Is a
strong probability of trouble for many
officials of this city who also
hold positions In the Mare Island
navy yard. The charge was made
before the last election that
Mayor Roney, the successful candi
date, was ineligible because of a rule
of the Navy Department that no em
ploye shall hold a salaried office In the
civil government. Mayor Roney is
now said to be. in receipt of a letter
from Congressman Metcalf to the ef
fect that the department has taken
this view of the matter officially, It
Is likely that the Mayor and several
other officials will be forced to give up
either their offices or their positions at
the yard. In the latter event the city
would be put to the expense of an
other election. ;-'-' • * ¦¦_ .'. .
New Power Company Incorporates.
SANTA CRUZ. May 12. — Articles of
incorporation of the Watsonville
Light and Power Company were filed
to-day with the County Clerk. The
stockholders ' are Fish M. Ray, Oak
land; Joseph C. Love, Berkeley; David
H. Foote, San Francisco; Charles W.
Waller, San Francisco; A. W. Linforth,
San Francisco.
Jury In Murder Case Disagrees.
WOODLAND, May 12. — The Jury In
the Wood murder case was unable to
agree and was discharged, late this
afternoon after eight hours' delibera
tion. The defendant was remanded to
the custody of the Sheriff.
The employes of the local freight
office of the Southern Pacific Company
have arranged for their eleventh an
nual outing, to be held at Sunset Park!
in the Santa Cruz Mountains, on May
30. The arrangements for the event
are in charge of the following commit
tee: C. J. Jones, honorary chairman;
W. J. Hardy, chairman; R. V. McAllis
ter, L. E. Myers, A. W. Marshall, G. J.
Strong. A. J. Kasten, J. P. Freeland, C.
A. Muller, W. B. Faulkner. C. 'L.
Herbst, John Edwards, L. H. Fortune,
manager of affairs.
Ominc of Railroad Men.
Among the delegates in attendance
upon the assembly is Mrs. Clara Crow
hurst of Brooklyn Lodg'. who was the
first woman in the State installed noble
grand of a Rebekah lodge. She was
installed July 3, 1878, by the late
Walter B. Lyons, for many years
grand secretary of the Grand Lodge.
A resolution was presented looking
to the establishment of a National Re
bekah Assembly. This will come up
to-day. It Is probable that it will be
adopted and referred to the Sovereign
Grand Lodge.
During the afternoon the assembly
was addressed by Grand Master-elect
J. W. Linscott and Past Grand Master
Gill. yl;
The California Assembly of Re
bekahs was in session yesterday In
Golden Gate Hall and almost the en
tire day was taken up in the election
of the officers for the ensuing term.
Mrs. Dora L. Gardner of Xapa was
elected president; Jennie Katzenstein
of Xewcastle, vice president; Jessie W.
Fargo of Santa Cruz, warden; Mary E.
Donoho of San Francisco, secretary
(fifteenth consecutive term); Anna M.
Howe ' of Oakland, treasurer, and
Marion A.. Greenwood of Stockton,
trustee for the Orphans* Home.
Rebekah Assembly.
Yesterday was a busy day with the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows in
Grand Lodge session in the Native
Sons' Hall.
A proposition as to the right of
lodges authorizing their trustees to
loan funds on real estate, as security
was discussed and It was decided that
lodges have such right.
A proposition to fix $500 as the initia
tion fee for applicants over 47 years of
ase was brought up and voted down on
the ground that It is unreasonable and
prohibitory.
The grand trustees were authorized
to procure a new flag for the use of
the Grand Lodge.
The action of Grand Master Baker in
the matter of resignations, appoint
ments, dedications, proclamations,
special sessions, visitations, dispensa
tions and permissions was approved.
Anderson Lodge and Santa Paula
Lodge were donated certain supplies
to replace those lost by fire.
The election for grand officers result
ed in the choice of the following
named: J. W. Linscott of Santa Cruz,
grand master; W. W. Phelps of River
side, deputy grand master; Congress
man Theodore A. Bell of Napa, grand
warden; George T. Shaw of San Fran
cisco, grand secretary; J. W. Harris of
San Francisco, grand treasurer; C. O.
Burton, John Glasson and J. F. Nich
ols, trustees of the Grand Lodge; H.
C. Howard of Woodland, trustee of the
home, vice Flint, who declined. The
other officers will be appointed Just be
fore the installation.
An appreciative letter from Miss Ida
F. Fox relating to the funeral of her
deceased father, Charles N. Fox, past
grand master, was read.
During the recess of the Grand Lodge
the grand master had to take away the
charter of Fruitvale Lodge. The lodge
applied for reinstatement. The report
of the committee on state of the order
that the lodge be reinstated on cer
tain conditions was adopted.
The matter of the home has been
finally settled. The proposition to pur
chase certain water rights for the.
White tract was withdrawn, and a
proposition to repay all money sub
scribed'for the White tract and author
ize the trustees to dispose of- the prop
erty was adopted. The money to be
returned is to be taken from the "new
home fund."
It was ordered that a hospital be im
mediately erected at the home in Ther
mal! to at a cost of $3000 and the trus
tees were allowed a sum not to exceed
$2000 for necessary improvements at
the home. >
The grand body then adojurned un
til to-day.
In the evening the high officers, «ld
and new, and the delegates, In all
about 200, assembled In A. O. F. build-
Ing, formed in procession and preced
ed by the Foresters' Juvenile Band un
der the direction of Willie E; Falconer,
the twelve-year-old leader, marched to
the Lick House and into the banquet
hall, which was decorated in profu
sion with patriotic emblems and colors,
and partook of an elaborate supper.
John Henderson of Court Occidental
was the toastmaster. and though there
were no set toasts he called upon all
the high officers and the following
named to say something appropriate
for the order: Dr. E. G. Case, P. H.
C. R.; R. A. Meehan of Fresno. E. C.
Purrtngton of Vallejo, E. Ai Freeman
of Jackson. Past High Chief Ranger
McMullen, Congressman W. J. Wynn of
Court Star of the West, R. E. Cannell
of Court Ivanhoe and L. T. Stephen
son. During the evening the Juvenile
band furnished the music between
speeches and M. Evans of Court Occi
dental rendered vocal solos.
At the opening: of the session of the
Subsidiary High Court of the Ancient
Order of Foresters yesterday morning
In A. O. F. building, congratulations
were . read from the Grand Lodge of
Odd Fellows and from the Supreme
Grand Circle of the Companions of the
Forest. The high body also accepted
an invitation to attend a grand ball to
be glren in Golden Gate Hall next
Monday night by the Companions of
the Forest.
The temporarily organized district
court of the State of Washington was
recognized. •
It was decided that the next session
of the High Court in May, 1906, shall be
held at San Jose.
The entire afternoon session was tak
en up in the election of the high 'offi
cers, with the following result: J. B.
Sanford of Ukiah, high chief ranger;
O. M. Goldaracena of San Francisco,
sub high chief ranger; George W. Lunt,
San Francisco, treasurer; William
Wallace, San Francisco, secretary of
the High Court; Frank W. Hogan, San
Jose, senior, and George F. Brown, San
Francisco, Junior woodward; Joseph
Hagan, San Francisco, senior, and T.
W. Matteson, Stockton, Junior beadle;
John Falconer, San Francisco, perma-\
nent secretary (by acclamation); George
J. Monck, William Claws and A. E.
Craig, all of San Francisco, auditors;
A. Woodward, Fresno; M. C. Pacheco,
Honolulu; W. N. Simpler, Tacoma; E.
C. Alken, Los Angeles, and W. E.
Smith. Redding, trustees; E. C. Pur
rlngton, Vallejo; W. F. Jones, San
Francisco; H. W. Beaver, San Fran
cisco: Charles Sutherland, San Francis
co; E. W. Cowper, San Francisco;
George Nesbit, San Francisco, and M.
Grace, board of arbitrators.
Busy Day's Work Is Fol
lowed by a Banquet at
the Lick House at Night
California Eebekah Assein
biySelects Its Officers for
fhe Xext Twelve Months
THE THEEMALITO HOME
FALCONER EE-ELECTED
Those Who Are to Fill
High Court Stations Dur
ing the Ensuing Two Years
Other Grand Officers Are
Also Chosen for the En
suing Term of One Year
NEW OFFICERS
FOR FORESTERS
ODD FELLOWS
ELECT MASTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; FRIDAY, \ MAY 13, M904.
PETALUMA, May 12.— The conven
tion of Hermann Sons was concluded
yesterday. The following list of officers
were installed: Grand president. A.
Pagedorn; first vice-president, A. Lun
denberg; second -. vice-president, F.
Kern; grand secretary, E. Brugge:
grand - treasurer, F. Michelsen; grand
trustees. O. Hocks, F. Reisch,- O. Elster;
grand, guide, F. Voigtlander; grand
guard, la. L. Gross; grand outside sen
tinel, J. Wolff; grand finance commit
tee, E. Wilklns, H. Willweber and W.
Rose. .It was decided to hold the next
session of the Grand Lodge at Stockton
in May. 1905. v " ;
5
:./,v ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Mahoganized birch
or birdseye maple
As large anassortment of high grade chif-
foniers now' on our fourth floor as can be
found in any retail furniture store in the '•>
United States. Exquisite creations in rich
mahogany, birdseye maple, .mahoganized
birch, natural birch and golden oak. The
chiffonier pictured above is shown in mahog-
anized birch and birdseye maple. Height, 74 >
inches ; width, 32 inches. Price, $27.50.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary Street, at Union Square
- THE EMPORIUM j .THE EMPOBIXTDI | THE EUFOBimi' | THE EMPO3HTJTM.
8 f±4t For Jesse Moore **//?** /P^ )'^ j+ Our Best Creamery
I %C'I(T AA Whijk yi. tod *y and . j6&r>Jd&4^J+*n2s**rMk* Butter— t** ch«« st
2" «H H| .Saturday only; 'many itores ask money can buy; regular size A Ka H
| \%}y. ,;.. t b«.i.,' I y^£i£^^^£*sii^ I .*»...,<¦>«-.££. . . I
8 Ladies' Outing Hats ; 1% V . A -^gBBP 1 *^* America's grandest stors Sales Misses' and
J vacation Hau— Made of Pampas grass; just ".¦" . , ""*. ; ' ' '...'_.. .- Children's Dresses
jfc* the thing !or camping and outing; each . 25o Pf\f r/\ry SQC fti? #0 \f&$ 2&C Wc hjve rcceived a »»raple line of Children*! and
5 ' Lartfe Brim Sailors— With large crowns; nil fi U * \^ *k '-v- ¦ Mi?scs * Wavh DreMM * midr of Budna •. cham ;
h . • A l L, n j ._j kA . r , . , fN r I Onother Of Our Amazing brays and linen*, in tailor, Uouss, Rutsian. Grecian and
J trimmed with band and bow of velret; in the I Special Glove Sales '-? or short waist effect,; in «c from 6 to , 4 ,-««;
j. split braid . . . . $1m5U *l\ J; \ ?rim nflirc wnmpn'c ?-rb<;n anj of them nice school dresses, many dressy enough for
5 Canvas and Crash HatS -In white and grass (\ £££ =¦. . WOITien 5 u Cld .jP Sundays. We hav: dWidel them inta four lots and they
g linen, in the new waiking and French sailor \\ pieSn ;glOVeS, With 3. hand- are marked at an areragc oflen than half price, for Friday
| .fleet,. . . . ... . 75o -d $ tm2 5 ' V . |l some silk open: work hand and SSS^^iSiSS?. sao
S Large Garden and Shade Hats — Of Cuban >|Jljf ijjjgjni wrist— : modes, graVS, beavers,* Dressei worth $i. 25 and S1.50 for 98c
jf braids, b;*ck»nd. white ... ... . . S5o 111 s~i white and fast black— cor"rsct styles, per- Dresses worth f 1.75 «d $*. 00 for £!'££
J Poppiw-In «U the new- shade,; hvth: X| gg| fit, popular and teasonable-Frida. and O 7 Ch^n? ReeVeri Jchefio^n!
K wresth eriect . ... . . . . . . . 25O Bi Xgy3C Saturday only, instead of COC •****¦ serges, bhie, brown or tan; siies 1, 3, 4 and 5 years.
si ncautifu! SilK Popples— Bunch of six; either / q3t» i E^S ' 29C f *.«> styiei . . .$1^5 S 3 S="'y'« • $2.35
ti blue, white, pink or red BOo titlJ *!™n& P alr • • • •*^*^ $2.75 styles. . .$1*65 55.00 styles . . $3*35
$ — — — .. — ± ==- 1 — :
* Lace ami New Waists Extra Values in Clothing
| New Pleated and Voile Skirts For Men and Boys &S&
"I ' t^s^ Ladies, making preparation, for sommcr Trousers Sate Friday and Saturday T Mo n |cW
» «J(r5ca. ¦ . • . .,, r r , r , , , . . of thoie good trousers that went sj quickly at J1.95 a ra:r a >«. .'f
t\ - S^^S* vatfftion trips wiil find remarkable stvirfgs -in few weeks a S o; the same attractire iVles; the same good quaU- J&&*.
S. hc^fe**k the various lines of correct dress wear dis- ties; on'y trouble not quite 10 many of them this time, but per- if^CT'C^^*"'-^-
If . C ®WS& played by this San 'Francisco's leading cloak hips enough to last, an to-day and Saturday at f o — §&ffij?^\\-:/%
it X, *jK j - J / ._ aPfrn ._ f . ' . . the ipecial'iale price • %&§*&•* ti£>'' f -^ : '*"'i : £'-'%-' : ' : '-''i
$ ¦ ¦nciuitacpanmcm. ;,;•-.., .. Men's Suits for $16.00-i6 of the wy latesc styles of \^*^43$fi§*feM
* /nvJv&fiK rarticu ar attention Is directed to the com- fU - ldtt tnd nobby m bctures-in the wanted shades of gray \^^:^^ f W^l$:'M
** A^W/^j^^^ 1 !!!^ •. plete and very reasonably priced ¦ showing of summer and brown and dressy light and dark effects— whether you want y/-v.-:*^ v^*v^^?f^
\> S — Wjg^^^^^^^TS drts« waists and skirts; miny styles hire been added in a suit for half dress or business wear you can find something in jC.^ \ ,*'"'*'•';
fc° Ui 'y%^A^^^^^' /*^^ii the past lew days. this assortmtnt to plea«e your fancy. Also a rery fine quality ¦ '¦¦ " ¦' ¦'¦¦ ?*c : ¦;¦*?'§¦'
tf W/' i^MWM i^l P'etty Net Waists -With round yoke of Val lace tnd navy blue serge that will stay blue. Cbme in and try mm • : '^'^^%J^^
S if/ Jfi$ flSffOPAlli fagoting, button, back, net lined . . . .$5.00 on one of these suits for. . . . J. &IO v:-V:> ':&fm£
i \ jSwi^Jw %& '$k All-Ovtr Lace Waists- China silk lined, V yoke of Men's Suits for $10.00— Still good chociin? among th: fe^ukmy^ .^;
•i 1 I n^Sj^ strapped ribbon, a very good vilue indeed at $B*5O J 10.00 suits— stylishly cur, they fit as well as th- higher priced i|r''^^i^i£i!«^
S»* \>^ AJT^S // Fi S urcd Cream Net Waists— China silk lined, front ones (many of them wrre intended for our Jl*. 50 lines), light
* if mil ornamented with me-iallions, very hanisome; price medium and dark shades. A goodly lot of them left -, " eS^^^JW-^
£ *^^>&iff ™ JM ' • • • • -• • •'• • • • • ¦ • $7.0O . . for Friday and Saturday selling, while quantities last &1O
tf qffffifgT I'!/ nin « Silk Waists— A full line of the latest conceits Men's Outing Su'ts— Chevicts, flannels, crashis and f^'^^^?'--:'>
* sfm' /-'^v^^"*«sT are shown; each > Scotch effects, in brownsand grays— natty suits for the young : *vr 0^V : - \;
\ . . M|| *ra $2m50 tO $18.00 bloods and some sedate ones for the older men— K^ :^
t£ H|( 'W China Silk Waists — Tailored side pleated, very full and $7.^0, lio.oo, #11.50. . . ...... 9m S \%0i fp : >'*v>
3i k!A ffl stylish, good quality siik, just the waist for traveling Youths' Suits for $5.00 — Sires for IS to 19 years; U'.^i t^'^-X
*t n\» • * or day wear, either black or white. ; . $4*OO splendid suits for so little a price; mad« from desirable cheviots, L'-'.'-Ki j^j-""?
*" Dress Skirts— Of black Mistrel, two new styles, neatly trimmed; skirts that would in light or dark shadings, plaids and mixtures; '" *•-»' i...^ £§>£&}
J certain'y sell e sewhere at $ 10.00, for which our ver> reasonable price, is. .. $6.78 trousers have loops for belt ......... 90<UV ¦ Y^ j
S»* Dress Skirts— Of Panama doth, new effect in taffcu trimming, and a rery exceptional TWO Biff.Suit BarffSSHS for . i^y'i $gj
$ valueat • • • ¦• • ; $W.OO Boys 2 A (o- 16 Years of Ago M M
J," Accordeon Seated Skirt* -Shirred yoke, made of fine Henrietta voile, in all the new. hades Lot J_ Are our specul| 5 .oo suiu, made to order from depend. Mf" %!
* -blue, brown, gray, champagne; also wh.te and black-our exclusive model, $12*50 able doth; se.rns are strongly sewn and wUl stand hard usage; ©
If Pretty Wash Suits— Lawns, percales, charobrays, linens the assortment includes Russian suits, 1%. to 10 years; sailor *^
Jj] . . ... ...... .... . $2*5O* $3.75 and upward to $38*50 suits, 3 to 10 years; Norfolk suits, 7 to 13 yean; z-piece suits, 7 to 16 years; a— g%0%
X C-afllol Cola n Mn Qlflm,4c * " nd 3-P' ccc ™ lt h 8 to 16 years; all st &5.UU
V special oa/e UrOp ISKiriS |_ ot 2-Cons'sts of, four good styles of Boys' Suits at {2.95, a price which is small for ths
Si To-Day and Saturday Only-Oar regulir $c,.oo ta ff eta .ilk drop skirt, made of Foorelt one ;„ t jj e i ot; ma ny of them have been reduced from*5.oo and J6.00. Don't blam-:
*•! heavy quaity tarFeta—very tull - ready for adjustment to any skirt; & *g Cl gt us if you don't find your boy's size bv Saturday afternoon; they will go quickly;
j£ onl y ... . mfJv9m&f%mW Siilor Suits, Ru«s : an Suits, 3-piece Su'ts, for ages 3 to 12 years; all at S2.Q5
ti 1
i Sales Golf Shirts, } $8, $10 Chatelaine Bags $3.95 Ribbon Sale
jj> HOSCm Sweaters Ciojed -out with the balance of this particular style of extreme high-grade m9Bm%JMm %r€mM%*
a' Men's Madras Golf Shirts— At a savin* of Chatelaine Bags from one of the leading bather novelty manufacturers at less than halfreg-. 40c. 45C, 50c Qualities
£ onr-half , new summer patterns; to-day^and ul ". pr IT 8ealio " "<\?**\ mounted in G « m « &£i 8 un «««» «* To-Day and Saturday
f» c . j RRr> oxidized frame; to-day and Saturday only, each S3. 9 5 "*
K remnants of gqods used for the 50c style.; Safe ClOttl-BOUHtl BQOliS 18C £%3%M ¥ SMrU
•f new up-to-date patterns;- to-day and Satur- -_,, - _- . , . . jt»» ' *'«."•'• * -' «i'."^ ' x .'»"¦' > .. '-'~— -
J day. . . . . ... . ..23o The famous Cosmos series, cloth bound, good white paper, well printed, It is satin Liberty Ribbons to-
J Sale of Half Hoje-Anothet lot' of the 50c y°" r cliwce of these and a hundred other good titles; to-da 7 and Saturday, day— the beautiful, soft-finished,
8" and 75c styles; lis!e and balbriggan; 20 dif- Bonnie Briar Bush I « nsxn • I English Traits — Emerson |,,.i rn ., c f,;,,^- f nr *,,:„„ *
K . ferent pattern, to wear withlow shoe,; 3 pair. Beulah. by Evans lOOOCOpiCS Twice Told Tales lUStrOUS kinds for tying all SOrtS
$ *1.O0; AH. pair. .350 T^Bo^dmkn^ircaine Owen Wi.Yer's l^-nZ^cT^ 1 *" of b ows; 4, 4# and 5-inch widths
J S&S$Sl#^^2^Bi -.fflSfflgrsSffir^..- fi^ibook Fg^FjMs^j-tt te select from; in cream, pink,
J ti^0^^±i^Sni_ SSoS^iSSSja Trail „, T . He . gar^Xorle^n^^Ull blue > mais » Cardinal, tur-
$ Wlr Z l ™l n > gSSVirfl^SS 1 .? 146 quolse.navj-.royal.helio.oldrose
Ji* Men's Handkerchlefs^-Union linen, full size, Crucifixion Philip Strong m P tLI Hunchback of Notre Dame an3 black; for the two days Only
J nicely nn-shed regularly , 5 c each; 400 g-mst er-H^U Calne. To^ay, InHl^teps-Sheldon at the exceptionally low O^
?. dozen on special tale to-day and Saturday, East Lynno— Mrs. Wood #OCr John Halifax— Mnlock ,,^ r A JlZCSC
2* each. .-. . ,. ... . . . . . . 7O Emerson's Essays • - .' Knight Errant— Edna Lyall price, yard mm*w
* AD VEBTTSEMEUrTS.
•I ¥~~~
* «• ' «• 1 I i
BORAXOLOGY
0 m wmi^m*Wmm^*%***Wm^m,*m*m*^^m***m^m*^mw**m^mm*^m^m*******^*^*^m*m
1- ;The Boraxologist is not
' # a complexion specialist,
•but a soap and water spe-
. * * cialist. A good complexion
• depends more upon the
" proper washing of the face
than an)-thing else. If
you could examine your
sivTn under a magnifying
j>Iass after you've washed
i it clean — as you suppose
•*-7-y<m'd b e startled to see
"the dirt left in the pores,
• aiid likely some of the very
•soap you washed with.
' * In other words, it's impos-
sible to wash the face prop-
•/ erly in hard water. If you 11
• • wash your face every night
in warm BORAX water
••vou'll soon notice the dif-
ference in the softness and
- -clearness of your skin and
• tije pinkness of your com-
plexion. Be sure you get
• pure BORAX. Ask for
: 2G-MULE-TEAM
*> BRAND. For sale at
drag and grocery stores
everywhere in J, £ and
.1 lb. packages.
°The fnaoui "AMERICAN GTRL." PICTURES
yREE to psrcfctien of " 20-Mnle-Teus " Borax.
At storn or tent far BOX TOP and 4c. in ttaxnps.
, ° FaH&c Coast Borax Co, New York, Chicago, Saa
Tnadsco.
«;*" •o-Mule-Teaja— Onr Trade Mark.
TEETH MEED FILLING?
¦'HBP SIMPS0N
•liilV Dentist-
¦ J^^^y^ Can Ml t«etti
/ % **SJ m wltt out pata. En-
r ! :tVw'^ tlrely new meth-
V ' r 'V^ o<L Investigate.
ofi-ice
&£¦'. ;$£t\ 12C6 M a| M street
OCBAIT TRAVEL.
° • J *"5TF~5l>w EteamerB Ie*.v» Broadway
/tSi^-^SV wharves, piers 8 aad 11,
f*r/^ 6an Francisco.
LKnt& m m*\ V*\ ror Ketchllcaa. Wranrel.
1 1 \lT»$Vi \ 1 J-neau. Haines. Ekig^ar.
I I \TS^d / / «c. Alaska— 11 a. m.. May
\#\ \l^i/W/ s - 10 ' 15> 2 0 ' 30# June *¦
\<5vU yw/ Change to Company's eteatn-
*&\tmTa!tS «r« at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Pert Townsend. Seattle. Taooma, E*rett. B«l-
lirj*am— 11 a. m.. Mar 5. 10. 13. 20. 25, SO,
June 4. Chanre at Seattle to thl« company*
etAftm«« for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle
©r Tacoma to U. P. By., at Vancouver to
C P. Ry.
For. Eureka <Humbo!<Jt Bar) — Pomona, 1 :S0
:¦ m.. May 4, 10. l»>. 22. 28; Spokane, 1:30
¦ jj rr... Mcy 1. 7. 13. 19; Corona, May 23. 31.
f ' t Los Anrelea (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondc), Sejx Diero and Santa Barbara—
(Ssr.ta I'.rftt. 8unda>-8, 9 a. m.
State ct California, Thursdaya, 0 a. m.
ftr 1/ ? Acs«le* ' 'via San Pedro and East
Ean- Pedro). Santa Barbara, Eanta Cruz, Mont-
.'Itrei;, San Simeon, Cayucoa, Port Harford (San
Xm's Obiepo). Ve-ntura and Huenexne.
• Bonlta, 9 a. rr... May 7, IB, 23. 31. Jnne 8.
Banta Cruz. 9 a. m..(.'re!«rht only) May 11. IV.
- } ¦¦" r Ensenada. llspdalena Bay, Ean Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Ro-
*i"\'.r>r Gjsaymac illn.j, 10 a. m.. 7th of each
* nionth. For further Information obtain folder.
« Ij-rr-.t Is reserved to ccanr* ateazaers or eaillnc
iates. ' '-\y..Sfi,
TICKET OmCZS — ( New Montgom-
cry st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market it. and Broad-
"U'ay .•w-harves. Txtirht O 21c ft, 10 Market at.
Q D. DUXAN.V. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. Ban Francisco. . - -
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
jci'.i for 'and check bajrgage from hotels aad
* >**idencf8. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
% -. —AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
"S. S. ST. RAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LTNDQCIST.
(Carrylnr D. S. Malls.)
• FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JU1NJE & 2. F». M.
Connecting * rth the Company's Steamers for
All BERINO SEA POINTS, and at SI
Mic.ha<*l with the Company's Rlrer Steamers
• fci- Fairbanks and all points on KOTUKCK.
TATA'S Jf and TTKON RIVERS.
• Frr Frelrht and Pmware Apply to
jrroBTKTKir comxoe&cxaxi oo,
VJ-. trnliy bulldlnc. Cor. Mission and New
Montccmery ets.. Ean Francisco.
;» o. R. & n. co.
ORE*GON vails April 27, May 7. 17. 27 June
- e.»l« and 28. GEO. W. ELDER sails May 2.
12: 22. June 1. 11 and 21. Only steamthlp H n »
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Pertlar.d to aU points East. Througrh tickets
to all points. Steamer tickets Include berth
*Dd moli Steamer calls foot of Spear st. at
•lK.a. m. f.. r. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pas"
,X>«pt.. I MontKorr.fry e t. : C. CLIFFORD. G«n.
A«er.t Freight TVpt.. 3 Montgomery st.
uCC&liICdeSXO* «*"*« «» 0 «*td*[?
«!._--.- W *OIKCJUMloUMir.
B. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. May 14, 11 a.m.
*• C " 6. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Syndey. Thurs.. May 20 2 p. m.
BT6. MARIPOSA, for TahlOt. May 20 11 a. m.
c I.B.SPEECEELS 4 BROS. CO.,A£ts..TjCftt OSss 613 Mir-
ftlSL. rri3gllIOaC8 323K2fC!SL, Pifj/. Pa;il5 ft
ttKrAOSIE GESEKALK TaAH3ATLiMTIQtTi
DIKKCT LINK TO HAVliE-i'AiUS. ,
fcaillaK every Thursday Instead of jf.u&fi,
fcaiurtiay. nt lt» a- m.. from Pier 42. --v»i*Jlf.Jr
N^rili i;l vrr. foot of Morton st.
Ki»t cl&M to ilavre. $70 and upward. Seo-
w.d cla»>> to Ha^-re. $43 and upward. GE.V-
KHAL AGENCY FOR UNITED BTATER AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlar>.
Mew York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa«:
Arenta. 3 &lcr.teomery avenue. Saa Francisco.
f :eV ft* i^.Vi *' v «H Railroad Ticket A rents.
Uara Island and Vallejo Steamere. .
"atca^eT'OEN. FIUSBIE or MONTICELLO—
t:4.". a, m.. 3:JS and %:%0 p. no., except Sunday.
Sunday. »:<5 a. m.. S:JU v- =». I<eaves ValiOo
7 a. tn., 12:30 and * p. n».. except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a m_ 4:16 p. m. Fare SO cent*.
Tel. Main 1308. Pier 2, lUutOB-Cb ' dock.
HATCH EROS.
¦; . ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bplpiii I H W \\WmI So not l8t tbe he ** "VoU your milk, if
fMFEBrc^QRwragfifflf VKlI|1 II meat, etc., these warm day*. Take ad- / H
B^v>>/.-.-.- j i^rtlj/KSl^* 11 *** 8 °* t** 1 * "* l9 °* Befriyerator*. (iM
i ||^i; Automatic J
T llw&*!^l A splendid cooler at a moderate pricf. /H
Hal " d WO ° d - S°ldei> pak Rntsh. white IM
I— '' ni0 ||= lf^^^ ==^^^^^^^^i Smaller size, without cooler. .SI 7.. "»O ( H
flnnMMMSkBSuKnMBBaaMMHMHBZMOrtnRBU VTatcli OU7 Bu»li-Street 'Windows. 7J9
f ll j- l , j?.i^,,^,^,i^,. n s.y.iXJ>i E1^ 7OAKLAND. May 12. — The Young
Men's Republican League* to-night
elected the following officers: Presi
dent, Everett Brown; first vice presi
dent, Raymond T. Baker; second vice
president, Harry Anderson; secretary,
John S. de Lancey; treasurer, Phil
Krepper; sergeant at arms, Louis
Asher; executi%-e'committe»— John W.
Stetson, George Samuels, Al Williams,
George E. Jackson, C. F. Plaut, Frank
Barnett, George S. Pierce, Al Marks,
Clarence Crowell, Bert Hempstead,
John J. Burke, Joe Mills. Joseph
Knowland Jr., E, J. Ryker, Dr. D.
Crosby. T. W. Harris, Thomas Knox,
T. F. Ferrier. Fifty-two delegates to
the State Convention _ of Republican
Clubs at Sacramento were elected..
Ixmjjiie Elects Officers. /
OAKLAND, May 12. — The taking of
testimony in the trial of Otto Simon,
charged with assault to murder Mein
rath Allseits, was begun to-day before
Judge >Ielvin and a Jury.
The young 1 men scent New Year's
night at different saloons. They met
shortly after midnight and engaged in
an altercation over unionism, which
ended in Simon drawing a pistol and
shooting several times at Allseits. The
complaining witness was on, the stand
the. entire, day and recited-^-the story
of that night's occurrence.
Melnrath AHselts Recounts How He
Was Wounded by Otto Simon
Xew Year's Night.
TELLS THE STORY OF
SHOOTING AT LORIX
Itou lands Goe^ Abroad.
OAKLAND. May 12. — Clement Row
land?, the popular and capable direc
tor of the First Presbyterian Church
choir, has been granted a year's leave
of abst- nee and he will spend his vaca
tion in Europe. While there he will
familiarize himself v.-ith the latest
methods in conducting and with Euro
pean choir work generally. The trus
tees were reluctant to spare Mr. Row
lands fcr fo long a period, as his
magnificent barytone voice has always
be*n the chief attraction of an excel
lent choir, but -he is in need of a good
rest and h«» is a!co v^ry anxious to re
visit hi* old home in Wales. Mr. Row
land? will be accompanied by his wife
and young son and expects to leave
Oakland about the latter part of July.
City Employes Want 3Iore Coin.
ALAMEDA, May 12. — Three em
ployes of the municipality have filed
requests with the City Trustees for an
increase in their salaries. They are
Street Superintendent V. M. Frodden,
who asks for <125 a month; Engineer
Joseph Messer of the municipal light
plant, who desires . an addition of
$10 a month to his present salary of
$90. and Assistant City Electrician A.
J: Quast, who would like to receive
more than $80 a month.
Form .Mining Company.
OAKLAND, May 12. — Articles of in
corporation of the Duchess Mining
Company were filed with the County
Clerk to-day. The principal place of
business of the company is In this city
and the directors are: C. J. Heeseman,
II. E.'^Maglll, J. W. Qulnn. George D.
Callahan. J. C. Hanna and K. L. Sar
geant. The car>ital stock of the cor
poration is $25,000 and is divided into
shares of the value of SI each.
Objrit to Unsightly Shed.
ALAMEDA. May 12. — Because J. T.
Hardin. a carpenter, hs$s erected . an
unsightly shed in the fashionable resi
dence district of Encinal avenue and
Lafayette streets protests have been
filed with the Alameda Advancement
Aesociation and a committee from that
organization will wait upon Hardin
and endeavor to persuade him to re
move the obnoxious shack. William
E. Pettca. whoso home is within one
block of the shed, heads the list of
prot^-stanis and has addressed a vigor
ous communication to the Advance
ment Association.
Louis H. Eaton will give his twenty
fifth free organ recital, assisted by
M!?s Millie Flynn, soprano; Chester
Rosekrans. tenor, nnd Samuel Savan
nah, violinist, at Trinity Church. Mon
day eVening. May 16, at 8 o'clock.
Thl* is the lnst recital of this season.
Katon'ff Frw Recital.
Mnrriaffe Licenses.
OAKLAND. May 12. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Roy R. Read,
27, Oakland, and Leota L. Lynch, 21,
San Ramon; Ferdinando Delu, 27,
and Emma Gorrla. 22, both of Oak
land: William A- Bennetts, over 21.
a'nd May D. Hambley. over 1 8, both of
Fresno.
Divorces Granted.
" OAKLAND, May 12.— A decree of
divorce was granted to Martha Al Ed
wards^, from Thomas Edwards on the
ground of desertion. They lived to-,
gether but one month. ,
Georgia 'A. Dobbs was granted a
divorce from Gilbert Dobbs on the
ground of desertion. She was left des
titute in Sacramento.
Attempts to Plunder Store.
ALAMEDA, May 12.— An effort was
made by a burglar, last night to enter
the store of Mrs. J.W. Dill, 2311 Cen
tral avenue. While working on the
door lock with a skeleton key and
jimmy. the thief was scared away by
the outcry of a clerk sleeping in the
rear of the building.*^^^a»
Father McSweeney Goes Mast.
OAKLAND. May 12. — Rev. Thomas
McStveenejv pastor of St. Francia^de
Sales Church, has gone East on a
business trip in connection with pur
chases of further equipment for- the
new Providence HosjpltaL
OAKLAND, May 12. — The City
Council to-night resumed the water
rate fixing inquiry. A. L. Adams, for
the Contra Costa Water Company, filed
a detailed statement showing his val
uation of the Oakland division of the
company to be $6,212,500. He fixes
the valuation of the entire plant at
$7,100,000 and took seven-eighths o'f
that for the Oakland division. Engi
neer Adams argued in favor of re
enacting the present rates. Such ac
tion, he maintained, would avoid con
troversy and possible litigation. The
inquiry was to Monday
night
A. L. Atlanis of Contra Costa Com
pany Files Detailed Statement
Showing Valuation.
- OAKLAND, May 12. — The Butchers'
Exchange* of Alameda County, com
posed of all of the employing butchers,
has decided upon a permanent policy
of "open shop," putting 1 all employes
on the Bame basis. To" this end the
exchange has ordered that no affiliated
butcher shall employ any member of
the Butchers* Union who has not filed
a resignation from the union with the
exchange.
This resignation must be witnessed
by the employer. Action on the part
of the union as to dispensations to
members to return to work will not
be recognized by the exchange. At to
night's meeting of the exchange it was
, announced that 100 members of the
. Butchers' Union had jflled .their resig
nations, with the exchange and had,re
i-turned to their former places.
Employes Must Resign From Union,
. .Whose RUrht to Interfere Will
Not Be Recognized.
CITY COUNCIL RESUMES
WATER RATE INQUIRY
ALAMEDA BUTCHERS" WILL
MAINTAIN' "OPEN SHOPS"
BERXHLEY. May 12. — The Ropub
licap Club has chosen the following
namM Republicans tu represent
Berkeley at the big convention of the
.State Le.ig-ae of Republican Clubs to
be held in tfacrarnpnto next Mond^':
Charles H. Rlohn. Thorn?.? Dowd. Ar
thur Elston. Frank Fowden, Francis
Forrj«»r. Dr. C. F. G lidding:. Luther
Havre?? H. D. Irwin. Harry H. John
son. \V. E. KnowJe?. James Kenney, J.
B. L^ndlieid, C. D. Maloney. D. W.
ilcLaughlin. L. L* Nelson. A. L. Ott.
Walla.-e R. Pond. J. T. Uenas. Thomas
Rickard. Dr. H. X. Rowell. H. J.
Squires, E. A. Shaw. Charles E. Thom
as. Thomas Turner, Henry \V. Taylor
nnd James iJ. Oliver.
Delegate at large — Charles H. Spear.
"Alternate? — M. P. \V. Albee. D. S.
Adams. Dr. P. C. P. Hiehl. Fred \V.
Foss. M. E. Jaffa, Dr. J. E. Kelsey, E.
J. Martin. Leo S. Rodger?. H. J. V.
£wain. Joseph L. Scotchler. R. C.
Staats. \V. K. Weir, W. H. Waste and
Georpe Pv. Weeks.
Prominent Men Will Go to Sacra
mento to Represent Berkeley in
Gathering of the Clans.
NA*;i; DELEGATES TO BIG
BEPUBLJCAX CONTENTION'
A big •¦C" has been granted by the execu
tive committee of the Associated Students to
Joseph P. Loeb. who, as coxswain, piloted the
varsity crc-w to victory In the reef nt races
against Washington and Stanford. Loeb is the
smallest athlete In the university, weighing but
105 pour.da in costume.
Dr. Carlos Bransby. lnstruMor In the Span
ish language, will spend his vacation this year
traveling and studying in Spain. He will leave
to-morrow for that purpose and will return in
time to resume his work at the university.
BERKELEY. May 12.— THshop Charles Henry,
Fowler. D.D.. LL.D., of Buffalo. New York,
will preach the baccalaureate sermon in the
Greek Theater on Sunday afternoon next. The
exercises will begin at 3:30 o'clock, when the
following rroeramme will be carried out: Se
lection. Glee Club; prayer, the Rev. E. L. Tar
pons, pastor of St. Mark's Episcopal Church;
srlwtion quartet; reading cf Scripture. Presi
dent Whaler; selection. quartPt;. sermon,
Uishop Fowler; selection Glee Qub; benedic
tion, the Rrv. E. L. Parsons.
Thomas W. Ilasklns. '03, and Julian II. Ar
nold T2. 'have received promotions from th*
position* of student Interpreters at the United
Ptatets Legation at Peking to those of Vice
Consuls in the United ftates diplomatic ser
vice.' Hn skins will *er\v nt Mukden and Ar
nold at Dalny. On .account of the- Russo-
Japanese war Russia has refused to op«n Dalny
to tho United States consular service, so that
Arnold will be required to remain at his present
post In Peking until the privilege Is granted.
Misa Ethel Chapin. a juntor in the college of
natural science; fell from the concrete wall at
the back of the Greek Theater vhlle. going to
linen to the music last Sunday and sustained
a fracture r.f the two bones of her left forearm.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Berkeley Offlce Sarv Fraiicisco Cal'.,
21 48 Center Street, May 12.
Not being familiar with street cars.
Prank Elmlng, 13 years of age, walked
off the platform of a Shattuck-avenu*
car when' it did not- stop in front of
his uncle'e - home last night and re
ceived a fracture of the skull that may
result in his death. The boy is now
lyinff In a semi-conscious condition at
the Fabiola Hospital and the doctors
are awaiting more favorable aevelop
ments before attempting to operate
upon him. The fracture Is in a dan
gerous place on the left side of the
head above the ear.
Only lately the little fellow cam*
from Wayman, Xeb., to take up his
residence with bis uncle. August Elm
ing of 6669 Shattuck avenue. He was
altogether unused to big cities and
whirling electric cars and became con
fused when he took his first trip to
Oakland yesterday afternoon. On the
return trip he asked the conductor to
stop at his house, but the car kept
forging ahead and. not realizing the
danger, he stepped off the platform
into space.
The momentum threw the boy heav
ily against the solid street and the
contact broke his skull. He was re
moved to Fabiola Hospital. .
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, May 12.
Walter E. Hawley, a sophomore in
the College of Commerce at the Uni
versity of California, confessed to-night
that he was an embezzler of $500 be
longing to Mikkelsen & Berry, mer
chant tailors of this city. Hawley had
been for two years in their employ as a
clerk. He made- his confession to John
C. Berry, a member of the firm, in the
presence of Deputy Town Marshal
George Thompson, irr~whose charge the
young man was placed to-night. Haw
ley has not been arrested, but is under
surveillance pending the arrival of his
mother from Los Angeles. She was tel
egraphed for by her son.
Hawley's peculations cover two years
and include petty thefts, largely of col
lections made, on acct-unt of goods he
delivered. His practice had been to de
stroy delivery tags for garments re
paired or cleaned, and thus remove evi
dence of money due the firm on his col
lections. He received $6 a week and
the wages were not sufficient to meet
his ideas of dress and life in the college
town.
LONG SUSPECTED. .
For a long time the firm had realized
something was wrong, but It was not
until two. weeks ago that suspicion was
directed toward Hawley. One Monday
morning S125 was missing from a safe,
where It had been placed the previous
Saturday night. A watch was put
upon Hawley, and the members of the
firm discovered that he had been liv
ing beyond his means. A few days
ago $~3 in marked coins disappeared
from a cash drawer in the tailor shop,
but none of the coins were .found in
Hawley's possession to-night.
Hawley was Feen in the store at 2
o'clock in the morning by Deputy Mar
shal Thompson. Thompson was . on
watch there, peeping through the holes
he had bored through the rear board
ing. Eerry took his suspected clerk
in hand to-night and flatly accused
him of theft. The answer was a com
plete confession of wrongdoing.
AMOUNT MAY BE !LARGE.
Though Hawley will admit to only
J300, the firm believes that the total
amount may reach $1000., Neither Mik
kelsen nor Berry would talk about the
case to-night. Berry said it was a
personal matter between themselves
and j .Hawley. When Deputy Marshal
Thompson was questioned he said that
Hawley was not under arrest, but was
to be kept under. watch .until his rela
tives had made arrangements to settle
the affair. Hawley's residence here is
at 222 i Center street, In rooms over
his employers' store. His home is In
Los Angeles, where his parents re
side. He is about 22 years old.
The town police have begun an in
vestigation concerning the student's
recent action. Suspicion has been di
rected against him as the burglar who
has been operating among stores in
town. The police say Hawley has been
gambling.
Cornell lot on N line of Dwtsht way. ICO
E of Bowdltch street, E 75 by N 150. portion
of lots 1 and 2, block 8. property of Collega
Homestead Association, deed given to correct
description In former deed between same par
ties, dated April 14. 1904. Berkeley; $10.
' Jane. Watson Thomas (widow) to Walter E.
gchott. X 40 feet of lot 12 and f 40 feet of
lot II, La Loma Park. Berkeley: $10.
' f JZ!\ THURSDAY. MAY 12.
JV C. and Pauline Rued to Standard Realty
and" Development Co.. lot on SW corner East
Tw«!fth street and Twenty-second avenue. W
150, 3 140 W 75. S to right of way of S.. P
R. R., E.' to West Twenty-second avenue, *J
to beginning; block 7, San Antonio. East Oak
land: $10. -
J. H. and Luella Lange to T. W. Lange Sr..
let on SE line of Nineteenth avenue. 7i> SW of
East Twenty-sixth avenue: SW 35 by SE 117 :»5;
portion lots 1 to 5, block M. map Northern ad
dition to Brooklyn East Oakland; $10. -
Hugh and Anna S. Hogan to Seymour W.
Stone (single), lot 13 and E half lot 12. map
resubdi vision portion block D and portion block
E. Carrison tract. Berkeley; MO.
Adeline F. Clsh (single) to Jean Campbell
Root lot on KE corner College avenue and
Rut*. N 120 by E 135: lot 10. block 4, property
of John Kearny, etc., Berkeley: $10.
Helen S. Ooodall (wife of Edwin) to A. G.
Fnet.itneer. lot 4* map of Eleetrlo Heights
tract Brooklyn Township; $10.
Wlillam J. and Katie Yore to Joseph Lan
caster.- tot on NW corner Thirty-seventh and
Grove: N.1|C:O by W 150; lota 14 to ltt and B
half lot «, b.ock B. Apgar tract. Oakland; $10.
Grac* •'.raham to I.ui^l Aramanlno. lot be
ginning at a point 10O from NW line of Birch
and Maple, then parallel with N line of Birch
W 100 by N 50. being N SO feet of lot 56 anil
N* 50 feet of lot 57. Temescal Park, Oakland;
$10. - ;
G. and Mary Peladeatx and Isabella A. Beau
dry to Mary I. HarTigan. lot 1. block 20. map
of property "of L. M. Beaudry and O. Peladeau,
Oakland: $10.
Elizabeth M.. Maria M. (or Maria) Mercer
and Margaret J. Jones (and as their attorney
Edward B. Jones) to Harriet M. Clark, lot
on 8 line of Jones street. 2M.45 B of Grove.
E 31.55 by S 100. corrected map of Jones
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Virginia It. and William J. Dinree (hu«
band. and as attorney) to Thomas Pu.Ty. lot
on N line of Elm street, distant 8E 212.5Ofrom
E line of Valdes Btreet. SE 105 NE 100. NW
157.60. NE 120 to 8W line of Bay place. th«nc»
NW on curve to left 1032.9 feet, radius 229. W
feet, thence on tangent to aald curve 29.04 to
E line of Webstar. Twenty-foarth and Valde*
streets proi>erty. thence SW 162.23. SE SJW.C7
to beginning, being portion of plat 13. Wa!s
worth lOO-acre- tract. Oakland: aljm lot on N"
line of Elra street, distant 1» SE from V lire
of Valdex street. NE €2.<W. etc.! SE <8.4O.
NW 27.5, to beginning, being portion of lot 7.
block B. Webster. Twenty-fourth and Valdtj
streets property, Oakland; $10.
William Bell to Elizabeth T. Ben. tot on
SW llti« of E. Twenty-second street fH:*'j
SE of Twenty-fourth avenue. SE 40 by RW 150.
being portion of lots 1 and 2. block N*. map
cf subdivisions 5O Associates' Tract. East Oak
land; $10.
T. M. (or Theodore M.) and Esther ' Tracy
to Lillian J. Eastman, lot on NW corner of
Oreron and Recent streets. N 60 by W 140.
lot •"». block F. map of Berry-Bangs Tract So.
2. Berkeley; $10.
George Crai* (sfngle) to Lizzie D. Schraob
"(wife of PhlKp). rer-cord 83«> D 330. of lot on
S'llne of Webster <Tyl«) street. V».0*l 'E of
College avenue. XE 00. SE Sni.4.«. sw 9O.
NW 3C1.17. being portion of plat 75. Kellar
berrrr'a map of ranches V. and D. Peralta.
BeTkdey: $10.
Nannie E. and O. M. Jonea to Melissa A.
Sessions, lot on N line of Vine street. 45 E
cf Louisa. N SS. W 4. a to beginning, portion
of lot in. block 3, Graves and Taylor. Tract,
Berkeley; $1.
Alleged Deserter Arrested.
OAKLAND. May 12. — Raphael
Scott, 18 years old. charged with ? de
sertion from the United States steamer
Albatross, was arrested to-day by De
tectives Shorey.and Holland.
Alameda County. •
WEDNESDAY. MAY 11.
HEAL ESTATE TRAN^iCTIOXS.
Vlck Brltz to Paul Schultx, lot on X line of
Bonton avenue. 160 E of Tenth street, E BO
by N HO, lot 6, block C. Kllnknervllle Tract.
° 8 J 1 o l hn d litudwu« (widower) to Caroline N>l»on
(wife of Peter C). lots t> to 10. block 2. Saa
At.tonlo. East Oakland: $10 "V. V T "
Charles A. and E. F. *» ¦*• £-
Scb«y lots 6. 7 and 25. block 2 of the Hlgh
ltnds? beirg a rasubdivislon of blocks 1 to 3.
Tuohy Addition to Berkeley, Oakland Town
'^Herbert P. Johnson to same, lot on W line
of Le Roy avenue. 62 N of L* Conte avenue
N tt.1 by W 10O. portion lots 17 and 19. block
13 Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley: 110.
A. L. Soby to G. 8. WhlUey. same. Eerke
0> Henry and Dora C. Brown to John H.
Hopps. lot 18. block F, amended map Salinger
"Horace "of "arid Carrie M. Irwin to John
Wickstrom. lot on E lin* of Ellis street. 165:9
S of Russell. S 10 by E 120. portion lot 09,
block 10, lands Regent Street Homestead As
"isssr-sar?' '^d <%«*« r. H^on
Executors estate of Edward D. Harmon) to
K D Irwin lot on S line of Prln«?e street.
llo W cPca-lals. S 135. W 105:11. N 135:1*.
E 10S:ll. lots 12 and 13, bl<>ck G. mw S
portion of Harmon Tract. Berkeley: $1000.
II G and Bertha Mehrtens to L. E. Probst,
lot on S line of Halght avenue. 1 «T» E of Sixth
street (or Third avenue), E 36 by S 103:9. Ala-
m Henry n V F. 1 Gerald to Eliza F. Oerald.
Interest acquired under will of Eieklel F. Ger
ald, deceased. In lot on S line of Central ave
nue 1»» W of Grand. W 101 by S 1»O. Ata
med'a- also all Interest of first property In fur
niture household furnishings, etc.. acquired
under "will of Ezeklel F. Gerald, deceased or
otherwise, and ccntalned In house. 1620 Cen
tral avenue, and directs distribution by Supe
rior Court S of Alameda County of' said real
and personal property, $10 and other value.
Lydla *A. (or Lydla Anthony) and Margaret
J. Funston and Edw. F. Oerald to same, same,
Hwne* Investment Company (a .corporation)
to L ' W Burnham and Mat Bo<T?m. lot 0,
block'fl map of blocks 3 and 4. Berkeley Park.
nnrtion' plat 5K etc.. Oakland; $10.
Nolan (widow) to Urmia SwlM (wtTe
nf Peter K ). lot on N line of Park (or Twenty-
Seventh) street. 1W> E of West, N 1(0 by W
£>) lots W and 54. block 2«24 map No. 2 of
Whitcher Tract, etc.. Oakland: $10.
F E and Elizabeth F. Gordon to N'aiu
ttuckner (wife of Charles), lot on NW line
of Seventh avenue. 110 SW . of East Ninth.
NW lCOby SW 33.15. block 2. Clinton. East
°Vuilafn B Gav to Susan Frances Lewis,
lots 1 and 2,"block F, amended map of Chris
tiana Tract, Oakland Townships $250.
Mary M. and Oscar O. Dornin to F. D.
By Zoc Green Radcliffe.
OAKLAND, May 12.— The little Thursday
Dancing Club, which was organized early this
season by Mrs. Robert Duncan, gave Its closing
party this afternoon, and the fifty or more
children who were present will have something
to talk about and remember for many a day.
From 4 to 7 o'clock Maple Hall resounded
with the laughter of the merry band, and the
mothers . who looked on seemed to enjoy the
occasion fully as much as the children.
The early part of the afternoon was devoted
to a vaudeville programme, the first half of
which was given by several of the club mem
ber* and the second half by professionals from
Peck's Theater. These last were secured
through the g^neronity of Mr. Ghlrardelli, and
Included Morris Jones. Miriam Mar, Douglas
and Fletcher and Mr. and Mrs. Beverly. Th«
children enjoyed the "coon songs" and dancing
immensely.
Phyllis Capwell gave the opening number
on the children's half of the programme ami
made a "hit" In her very first song, "Ken
tucky. Babe." .. Her "babe" was a tiny black
puppy. Her next song was "Bedella" and,
with jockey cap and whip, she executed a sort
of Irish-coon Jig-step that was most amusing.
One of the prcttitst features of the after
noon was tba fair}' dance by little Flosie
Duncan. Light as a thistle on her small
slippered feet and clad In a fluffy white lace
frock, she truly resembled a dainty inhabitant
of fairyland.
The Highland fling by Bobbie Duncan and
Jeannette Hoagland and another dance by
Carmen Ghtrardelll and Flosie Duncan were
pleasing numbers. The programme closed
with a song and dance — "My Alabama Coon" —
by Phyllis Capwell. accompanied - by fifteen or
twenty children swaying • to the- music and
waving red . lanterns... The effect was very
prettv. ¦¦ ¦ .
General dancing and a delicious supper oc
cupied the remaining hour. The long table was
beautifully decorated In pink and green, and
bonbons and favors were to be found at each
place. • '¦ '' "* ¦". - '¦":
Mrs. Duncan was assisted In the role of
chaperon and hostess to-day by Mrs. H. C.
Capwell and Mrs." Joseph Ghirardelll.
Among the children who enjoyed this unique
and delightfur affair were: Claire and Helene
Bond Flosie and Bobble Duncan, Carmen,
Juonita and Elva Ghlrardellf. Hope Matthews.
Ruth Burchard, Bertha Galloway. Marion
Clark, Carlton Wines. Willie West, Phyllis
and Dorothy Capwell. Etta Schrock, Jeannette
Hoagland Ruth Vincent. Rosalie Ogden. Vera
and Alfred von der Ropp, Dottle Egbert, Bes
sie Broadwell, Ruth Burchard. Adele Scott,
Margery Cogswell. Lorna Williamson. Sleburt
Capwell Nora Martin. Eleanor Clark. Edith
Pelton, ' Bernice Collins, Irma Kendrick,
Thomas Hogan and Carol Fish.
' The ladles of St. Francis de Sales Church
are planning a whist tournament fdV next
Wednesday evening In the hall adjoining the
church. The tournament Is for the benefit of
the church fund, and a» the congregation is a
large one the affair promises to be well, at
tended. Miss Theresa Uusseau Is chairman
of the committee of arrangements and Miss
Laura Kelly secretary. - Others on the com
mittee Are Mrs. M. Gallagher. Mrs. T. J.
Ryan and Mrs. James Coakley.
Mr». Ro«e W. Pilcher and Miss Birdie
Pllcher of East Oakland have returned from
Los Oatos and Misa Pilcher's many friends are
congratulating her on recovery from her re
cent long and severe Hints*.
BERKELEY. May 12. — A tea given at the
Gamma Phi Reta Chapter house recently was
the medium for the announcement of the en
gagement of Miss True Alken and Charles
Frank Stern. Miss Alken Is a member of the
senior class at the University of California
and will graduate at this commencement. Her
home Is In Fresno. Mr. Stern was graduated
from the universfty with the class of '03 and
is now engaged in business In Eureka. While
a student Mr. Stern was active In the affairs
of the college, having been a Carnot debater.
an officer In the cadet regiment and a member
of many committees. He Is a member of the
Delta Upsllon fraternity and the Winged Hel
met. No date has been set for the
The Holly Club, a society of young people,
gave a leap year dance this evening In the
Town and Gown clubhouse. It was strictly
a woman's affair and the men were forced tc
cubmlt to all the limitations that come with
leap year. The young ladles chose their part
ners . and any man found walking . across the
floor' unaccompanied by one of the fair sex
was fined 10 cents. Mins Olive Shirk and Mis*
Lulu Oarrett were the floor manager* and Mls.»
LUa 'Shirk led the grand march. They were
assisted by Miss Mabel Gerrlne and Miss May
Behm. . . --s-'-I'
ALAMEDA. May 12. — Mrs. M. J. Wall of
Ltffayette street and Santa Clara avenue will
leave to- morrow for a tour of the Eastern
States. She will go to New Orleans, then to
St. Louis and later to New York. t
Yosemlte Council. Degree of Pocahontas. Im
proved Order of Red Men. presented the farde.
"A • Box of Monkeys, " In Armory Hall lart
evenlnff. Included In the cost were Frank J.
Bima Mrs. ' Marlon M. Seagrave.. Harry Gale
and . Mi«s Lillian Forsythe. Musical numbers
were rendered by Mrs. A. J. Budd, Miss Clara
Le Mundtand Arthur Alvarrz. -
MIm> Florence I»abelle Druton 'of this city
and George E. Middlemass. formerly of Ala
meda were married this evening at the home
of the groom's mother In San Francisco. MJss
Alma Koordt and Mls« Louise Frier, both of
thla city, attended the bride, and Stewart Mld
dlemass; supported the fcroom. Mr. and Mrs.
Mlddlemass will realde In San Francisco. -¦•;- .
VICTIM OF COLLISION
IX CRITICAL CONDITION'
Mrs. O. Ii. . Jordan, Who Was Injured
; Internally in'Smnsh-Up at Los -
. Nietos, May Not Recover.
VL.OS ANGELES, May 12.— Of the
twenty-three, persons who were in
jured in yesterday's collision at Los
Nietos between. the Santa Fe passen
ger train and the Pacific Electric trol
ley car, it is believed all will recover
with the possible exception of Mrs. O.
L. 'Jordan of Whittier. who sustained
internal injuries and is in a critical
condition. Sixteen passengers on the
trolley car were injured and seven irt
the smoker • of the passenger train.
The crew of the trolley, car charge
that the accident was due to defect
ive brakes on their carJ
Miners M cct in Denver.
•DENVER, Colo., May 12. — The ad
journed . annual convention of. the
Western Federation of Miners will be
held in Denver, .beginning May 23.
This decision .was : reached to-day."
Youth's First Trip Over an
Electric Street Eaihvay
May Have a Fatal Result
LIES IX A HOSPITAL
Frank Elming's Unfamil
iarity AVith Rapid Transit
Ends in Fracture of Skull
Mayor Olney to-day approved the
first ordinances that have been sub
mitted to him In connection with the
proposed bond issue for general munic
ipal improvements.
One of. these ordinances provides for
the purchase of the land lying west of
the ; City Hall to Clay street, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth streets. The
other. covers the proposed construction
of boulevard along Cemetery Creek,
to 'cost about $80,000. . (
To follow these ordinances will be
enactments covering the park projects
and 'such other of the bond issue ltema
that require acquisition of land by the
city. ¦ The preliminaries, are being
shaped: up as rapidly as possible. Much
data has been prepared by City Engi
neer. Turner and will be submitted to
the City Council Monday night. Every
effort Is being made by the city of
ficials to. complete the legal formalities
that the bond election may be held by
June 20.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'' 'i'v-'- 1118 Broadway, May 12.
W. J. I,aymance, on behalf of the
Oakland Real Estate Association, has
announced that the real estate offices
of Oakland will" remain closed all day
Monday. Mr. Laymance has also an
nounced that the Real Estate Associa
tion will enter a float In the parade.
-Miss 12. Ferrln,
Burros—
Pair hoiw carriages — John P. Maxwell, Louis
Shorter. William T. Harris. Mr. and Mrs.
J. S. Emery. Dr. G. B. Brlnkerhoff, John
Nicholl. Charles Butters. « l
fMx-taor)>e tally-ho— Bell Theater.
Four-horse tally-ho — Went End Improvement
Association of Alameda. Henry A. Butters.
Floats — Board of Trade and Merchants' Ex
change, Oakland Boosters, Judson Manufactur
ing Co.. Pi<»dmont District Improvement Club,
float with band, Thomas Rlckanl.
Saddle horses-Phil H. Rescnhelm. ' J. T.
Doyle. P. G. Lynch S. M. Dodge. Arthur
HnmHn, Wesloy Adorns. D. II. McLaughlin.
Dr. E. II. Woolsey. Charles Butters.
Trnps— W. N. Jenkins. J. Q." White, F. F.
Porter. V
• Pony carts— »L. A. Stephenson. " *','.i v V-'
Single Horse Carriages— Hugh Hcgan. J.
Tyrrel. Dr. W. R. Mehrmann, James P. Tay
lor. William J. Laymance, D. Edward Collins
R. P. M. Greoley. Oscar I.uninc, Dr. G. H.
Derrick. G. Russell Lukens. J. R. MacGregor,
9. J. Bruce. Dr. C. C. Bhtnick. Mr. and Mrs.
H. A. Randlett. Fred J. Stoer. Mr. and Mnc.
H. C. Bruns A. J. Snyder, Arthur H. Breed,
H. P. Bancroft. Henry A. Dodge, A. K. Per
clval. H. M. Cameron, J. J. Kennedy, D. T.
MacArthur, T. P. Hogan. Mrt. Hugh Hogan,
M. "J. Keller, Wm. E. Greer. Charles But
ters. Samuel Hubbard E. J. Stewart, William
C. McCutcheon. John Bo*well, A. Rlttlgsteln,
W. W. Hunt, Dr. R. L. Hill.
Automobiles — C. J. Heeseman. Hugo Muller,
Alameda County Retail Grocers' Association,
John Conant and paity. Dr. A. L. Cunning
ham. Charles F. Flatter. L. A. Stephenson.
F. F. Weston, R. J. McMullen.
¦ Bicycles — Oakland Wheelmen (30 wheels), W.
N. Kidwell.
The complete list of entries for the
parade is as follows: ,r .<>->;
A committee from Berkeley hag been
appointed to act with the general Santa
Fe day celebration committee of Oak
land, and the members of this commit
tee have already secured a number of
entries for the floral parade. The mem
bers of the Berkeley Committee are T.
W. Rickard, W. H. Marston, R. C.
Staats, H. B. Griffith and A. S. Blake.
Thomas Rickard has entered a float
for the floral parade and he will also
furnish a band.
THE FULIi PARADE.
The first regular Santa Fe train to
enter Oakland will be known as No. 41
Regular, and will leave Point Rich
mond'on Monday'at 10:20 a. m. At
tached to this train will be the special
car of the directors of the Santa Fe
Company. The first regular train to
leave Oakland for the East will be
known as No. 42, and will leave at 4 p.
m. Monday.
The public schools of Emeryville will
be closed on Santa Fe day. and {he
children of the schools will be sta
tioned along the track at the new Santa
Fe depot to pelt the incoming train
with flowers. It is also likely that the
Oakland schools will be closed on that
day, as a special meeting of the Board
of Education has been called to con
sider the request of the committee.
The stores of Oakland, and Emeryville
will close between thehours of 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m.
Charles D. Bates Jr., who has been
appointed grand marshal of the flora!
parade, has. already appointed his aids.
Ray Baker will act as j chief of staff
and the other aids "are:
W. Hubbard, A. S. Hanks, Guy Smith. Or.
Shannon. Dr. Gaskill. O. Engs. Harold
Havens. Paul Miller. Dr. Reinle. Dr. Curdts,
Dr. Walker. A. B. Fateley Dr. W. I>. Dunn,
Dr. W. J. Smith. F. DIeckmann. 3. W. Stet
pon. Fred Seulberger. Charles F. Pugh. Fel
ton Taylor. C. H. Hawbaker, Dan Hallahan,
V. H. McLaughlln. J. F. Rooney. Judjre Quinn.
John P. Maxwell. J. F. Reynolds P. N. Walsh.
Paul Carrol, J. M. Kelley. E. K. Taylor. A.
W. Feldler. F. J. Lfla. George de Golia, H. L.
Davtn. Phil Ropenhelm, H. Frienton, W. J.
Haccus, A. Gard. Dr. Pcrtf. Oscar Lunlng.
Dr. H. P. Travers, Jack Mathewa.
TIIK FIRST TRAIN*.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 12.
One of the features of the floral pa
rade on Santa Fe day will be the float
the Board of Trade and the Merchants'
Exchange, which will be in the form
of a locomotive constructed of flowers.
The members of the two commercial
bodies are at work collecting" flowers, a
great many of which will be necessary
for the decoration of the float.
More than one hundred entries have
been received for the parade, and the
members of the committee are confi
dent that the total will reach 250 by
Monday. Among the entries received
to-day were a four-horse tally-ho by
Henry A. Butters, and a phaeton and
pair, a single-horse carriage and a sad
dle horse by Charles Butters. The
tally-ho entered by Henry Butters Is
the same that won the prize at Burlln
game. --The entries of Charles Butters
are Velocity III, single harness, a pair
of imported English colts driven to a
Stanhope phaeton, and geyyid, an Im
ported Arabian stallion, ridden under
saddle. All these horses are from Mr.
Butters' stable at Claremont.
'. Another feature-of the parade will be
the entry of a* pair horse carriage by
John Nicholl. who In 1856 bought' the
land on which Point Richmond now
stands and several years ago sold to
the Santa Fe Company its present
holdings in that town. Mr. Nicholl was
one of those who welcomed the Santa
Fe to Point Richmond, and on Monday
he- will be on the ground to welcome
the company's first train to Oakland.
Chapter three in the triple party con
test over Mrs. Jeanette Desoza, reputed
heirecs, was added to-day when the
young Vicman caused the arrest of Er
win Frost, a private detective, on a
charge of malicious arrest. Frost had
been instrumental, it Is charged, in the
detention of the bride after locating
her on behalf of her father, Charles W.
Bamber.
Frost was released in bonds of $1000.
His arrest followed closely upon that
of his client, Bamber, who was. taken
into custody yesterday on complaint, of
Attorney F. J. Russell. The lawyer who
represents Mrs. Desoza asked a, dis
missal of the charge of disturbing the
peace he had lodged agalnsi his client's
parent and the request was granted by
Police Judge Smith this mc-rning.
Mrs. Desoza appears willing to re
main with her husband despite all of
her father s efforts to win her away.
The halo of a legacy from a grand-'
mother glitters about the girl, who has
not yet reached her majority.
Bamber's Jlght is said to be based on
the averment that Attorney Russell
htrlds a contract with me girl concern
ing her interests in the prospective leg
acy, though the father insists she is
not of legal age and could not sign a
binding contract. •¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 12.
"What do you want here?"
"Where is Alice street?" queried the
Ftranger. who backed away rapidly
jind headed toward the front yard. He
walked quickly -across the street,
where Miss Eva Yo -ker saw the in
truder join another man, who appar
ently had been waiting in the shadow
of the trees. Miss Yorker -heard the
stranger say, "Let> get away from
here." With that the pair hastened
away, and disappeared.
OAKLAND, May 12. — Mrs. E. D.
Yorker, residing at 1383 Harrison
street, surprised a burglar early last
evening on the back :>orch. Barkinff
of a dog attracted Mrs. Yorker's at
tention and she stepped to the rear
door and saw a man, who started
away as Mrs. Yorker asked:
Mrs. K. I>. Yorker Comes I'pon StraiiR
cr. Who Takes to Flight.
SEES BIRGUR ON PORCH.
\\>n I reached him I was en excited that
I*, caught him by the arm and said: "You
come along row and get out of here or I'll tele
phrne for the notice; they an* always looking
for «u~h m«>n as you." When 1 said this he
brgan to Ug me not to do that and raid he
woijld bo at once; so I followed htm to the
back door bp<1 I ut out. I was not
frightened until it was all over.
The pluck of .Miss Frances Donnel
lan, a nurse !n the employ of Mrs. Rob
ert J. Duncan, in driving away a man
•who had entered the house on the pre
tense of being an inspector for the gas
company, saved the house of her em
ployer from ¦ being robbed yesterday
afternoon during the absence of the
family. Miss Donnellan is very modest
in her account of the experience.
The man gained entrance by telling
the Chinese cook that he was an In
spector employed by the gas company
and wished to look over the gas fix
tures in the house. The Celestial ad
mitted him through the kitchen door
and the man immediately went to the
front of the house and started upstairs
to the second floor. Miss Donnellan's
attention was attracted by the bark
ing of the little house dog and she came
to the head of the stairs and was very
much startled to find the roughly
dressed man coming up. Miss Donnel
lan said: • '
When T saw tlip man oomiiiK up th« etalr*.
I M HOrpriwU nnd a- litrl* rrlgluened to ftnd
:\ !Vrans*-r in th«> house during Airs. Duncan's
absence, and I know that he was not there
for any rojJ purjwe. I am not naturally *
coward. a:id my first thought wait to get him
out of tbf house, and I »tartwl down th»
Ktuir* toward him. As I did so 1 paid: "You
bed better gel out c*. this house, for I don't
beli<>w you are here for any good."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadwuy, May 12.
BOY WALKS OFF
CAR PLATFORM
City Officials Make Prog
ress in Preparing the
Election Preliminaries
Complications Increase Over
the Contest for Custody
of 31rs. Jeauette Desoza
Bogus Gas. Inspector Fails
in Attempt to Rob Home
of .Mrs. Robert J. Duncan
Ennis had n wife and family living
ia Columbia. Tuolumne County, and it
Uf alleged that the old man was told
by the fortune teller that his wife no
loi'jrer Joved him and was conspiring
to pet his property away from him and
that this was the reason why he wished
to have the deeds in another's name.
Ennis' ocsmfnation will b<? continued
in the horning.
George Ennls said on the witness
stand In the Superior Court to-Jay that
he had been defrauded by Joseph Bet
tCBcbutt and of Berkley <Ait cf
deeds to real estate to the- value of
J2000. Ennis told the court that upon
a fortune teller's advice he had deeded
the lU-ttenrourts realty to the value of
ccoriy $SG fi O f but they had given most
of it back to him with the exception
of money to the amount of $2000. !
Ennls is nearly 70 years of agre and
a Portuguese. For fome months he
lived with the Betteneourts at Berke
ley and while th^re fell heir to about
Jj-000 worth of real estate from his
brother's estate. He talked poorly and
toid h's Ftory in broken English, but
«*ys that be'i* sorry that he met th?
Bet ten court!", whom he says were ex
pensive friends.
In their own behalf the Betteneourts
state that Ennis came to Berkeley to
be near the city, where he was to go
for medical treatment. He lived with
th-^ni fur nearly a year without giving
them anything, but when he fell heir
to the property he said that he would
buy them a JlOiK) hom«>. This they say
he did and put another $1000 with it on
account "f work that they did for him
In helping him dig in some lots in which
It was said thf deceased Ennis had
buried monpy. They set forth thai
they worked hard for him and are en
titled to the $2000.
Enni? had deeded them all of his
property, they state, because he was
afraid to have it in his own name.
They held thr> deeds for him. but finally
pave them back to him. The $2000.
however, they retained.
Oakland Oflico San Francisco Call
1118 Broadway. May .12.
Claims That the Seer Was a
Confederate of Joseph Bet
teucourt.WhoGot His Coin
Thefts Covering Two Years
Are Admitted When He
Is Charged With Crime
Emeryville Children Will
Greet Cars With Bombard-.
. lrieiit of Spring Blossoms
RAPID WORK TO FOLLOW
MAKES PROWLER LEAVE
SCHOOLS WILL CLOSE
SAYS IT WAS A PLOT
¦ - ->*
RECORD AS A GAMBLER
George Ennis Wonld Recover
pOOO That a Fortune Tel
ler Told Him to Give Away
Legalizes Plans to Submit
City; Hall Site and the
Cemetery Creek Boulevard
Miss Frances Donnellan Dis
covers Daylight Thief in
Hei* Employer's Residence
— ?
FATHER IS DISCHARGED
Prospective Heiress Blanies
Private Detective FiW
for Her Detention in Jail
Walter E. Hawley, a Berke
ley Sophomore, Confesses
to Embezzling Collections
Citizens of Oakland Make
Great Preparations to Wel
come First Santa Fe Train
SPINS A WEIRD
TALE OF FRAUD
YOUNG WOMAN
ROUTS BURGLAR
MANY ENTER
FLORAL PARADE
CAUSES ARREST
OF A PURSUER
MAYOR SIGNS
BONDING LAW
STUDENT ROBS
HIS EMPLOYERS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 100*.
Scavenger Acquitted.
OAKLAND, May 12. — Antonio Man
gini, a scavenger, arrested for alleged
violation of the . • garbage . crematory,
ordinance, was acquitted by a jury last
night in the police court. 1
OAKLAND, May 12.— F. S. Kings
wood, a marine engineer, residing at
131 South Park, San Francisco,, was
run down by a wagon to-day while
riding a motor cycle and had his left
leg fractured. The injury was tre.ated
by Dr. J. M. Kane at -the- Receiving
Hospital.'
3Iotor Cyclist irfjnred.
OAKLAND, May 12.— The Butchers'
Union, through its executive commit
tee, has removed all of the pickets sta
tioned at the markets of Linderman &
Lutz, Young, Vincent, Breiling and
Loher. The officials of the union deny
that this" means a cessation- of ' the
boycott against these markets -but re
fuse to state the reas<*3 for the action.
Union Removes rickets.
" GILROY, May 12.— S. ' Rodriguez,
the seven-year-old - son of Joaquin
Rodriguez of Santa Cruz, died here
this morning from scalds received yes
terday by falling into a kettle of boil
ing water in a slaughter-house. The
unfortunate lad xVas on" a visit to his
grandparents, who are residents of
this city.
Young Boy Is Fatally Scalded,
6
ADVEBTISZMENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach trouble*.
<juickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
This scientific germicide is abso-
lutely harmless : itsubduesthe
hitlammation of the raucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by rc-
rno%iag the cause, effects a cure.
LV-d and recommended by~ leading phy-
s!c!.ir.s. Take no substitute and f-re that
each ho:t!e bears my siruaiure. Trial size,
• IjOO, at <lr2££isis or by mail, from ,ri '„ -
tlO Prince 5U - . • NcwVork.
StMdJur Jtuottct Boteta Trrat Dutasn.
ADVEBTI££1£E1?TS.
JJPX Piv --—. H^nm> Every mother feels a
• of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its' use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and tho
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's Qfl /v ftBv Afl\9i^
Friend. "It i3 worth its weight in gold." raaaiiBaM ! V
says many who have used it. $i.oo per lgfl vSluwl
bottle at drag stores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to all women, will SCnTiS /fMTh /H
be 6ent to any address free upon application to fi B Bfl Sail
BRADHELD RZQULATVR CO., Atlanta, 6a. E I IVIl^i
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone 3Iain 10S3.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone North IT.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA3IEDA COUNTY
FREE! FREE!
A>' ALUMINUM
COLLAPSIBLE djP.
You Will Appreciate Its FULL
. VALUE on Your NEXT
OUTING.
. Wo offer this premium as au
. Inducement for, yon to ' test' the
pr.llins power of our classified.
colunuis. ,.
Free Friday nnd Saturday for
! SUNDAY WANT ADS.M. F. Morrissey. a longshoreman,
was arrested yesterday by Policeman
Dowd and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of passing a fictitious
check. # It is "alleged that on Tuesday
Morrissey cashed a -check with L. Hln
rickson, saloon-keepepr, 2S6 East
street, for -? 32 63 on the Canadian
Bank of Commerce purporting to be
signed by R. M. Lynes, and that no
such person has an account with' the
bank. • •
Check Was Worthless.
Unknown Man Drowned.
Frank Travasallo and Domenico
Monchello, fishermen, found the body
of an unidentified drowned man r float
ing in the bay yesterday morning near
Fisherman's wharf. The body had
not been in the water more than
twenty-four hours, j It; was that of a
nian about 65 years old, with gray
hair, chin whiskers and gray eyes.
All the upper teeth were missing and
two in the ; front of the lower jow.
The Satisfactory Way.
"The pleasure is mine," said the engi
neer, as -he brought the train into Chi
cago on time to the second. - •
"From San Francisco here the pleas
ure has been mine." said the merchant to
his son. "The 'California Limited', is the
finest train I have ever traveled on." •
Moral: The Santa Fe Is the Satisfac
tory Way. If interested, ask about it at
641 Market street, San . Francisco. •
.Turkish women eat rose leaves with
'butter to secure plumpness.
A monev lender's clerk, asked in a
London court what his occupation was,
said: "I am a financial surveyor."
The Supervisors' Light Committee
decided yesterday to prepare speci
fications and to invite bids for the
lighting of streets and public buildings
on Monday, May 23.
To Invite Lighting Bids.
Firemen to Be Appointed.
The Civil Service Commission yes
terday certified the names of twenty
eligible firemen and ten truckmen for
appointment by the Fire Commission.
Horseshoers have settled their trou
bles' with the masters and will go to
¦uoi-k -this morning under an agreement
f4>r ore rear. This result was brought
about bv various conferences between
the- .officers of the union and the mas
tfrs' association. Both tides wished to
get -together for the best interests of ail
,-cpncerhed, and the agreement signed
j/rsterday is inetnded to embody those
¦ m cicsires. .
The stablemen are involved in the ac
tion cf the horEeshoers, as they took
thelside of the men who lift the hoof
* and drive the nail. The signing of the
* agreement for one year by the two
F.;des- of the controversy will have con
siderable weight with the stablemen.
Mow far that influence will reach re
mains to be seen, but boycott banners
on jwrade in front of "unfair stables"'
. dTwwped yesterday afternoon, and it is
expected that within a few days they
•wjll-be relc-gated to the ash heap and be
carted away by the Scavengers' Union.
•The, hackmen are Ftill on the outside.
Automobiles, with their hospital rec
ords, ere doing business, but within the
next four or five days and nights the
•familiar hack or coupe, with dim lights
* and- mysterious occupants, will be jolt
ing: across the car tracks. At least that
.is what Secretary White of the Stable
aTitl Carriage Owners' Association says,
and he knows. He puts the matter in
. rhi£ way:
•We' intend to ¦wait a reasonable length of
t«fhe fcr the men to eceept the conditions
, «l*»re<J and ti they dr> not do po every hack
:> tt» city w!U run. We want to be fair and
wH! be, but it is the same sort of a case
«-' the •h^rsf-shrfr* ar.d th* masters. If the
rrxn are willing to &zree to terms they can.
crime bs<"k to work, but It mu»t be within a
ri*;scr.abl«> time. There will- be no discrim
ination ajraintt the union, but agreement or
w -agreement ewefT hack Jn the city wi!l
.t*-. maBtag within the next few day*.
"The Hackmen's Union has the mat
ter under consideration, as also has the
Stablemen's Union. A settlement of all
difficulties is looked for by Monday.
The committee recommended, the
passage of the resolution granting* per
mission to the Santa Fe Railway sys
tem to close Eighteenth street, from
Minnesota to Iowa streets, for one year.
In order to build a viaduct, on condi
tion that the company build a tempor
ary road over which fire department
apparatus, could reach Southern
Heights. .
The committee reported In favor, of
street . and sewer work on Park Hill
avenue. Tilden street, J street between
Fourteenth and Sixteenth avenues,
Pennsylvania avenue between Nine
teenth and Twentieth streets and the
acceptance of Greenwich street between
Gough and Octavia, Merchant street
between Kearny and Montgomery and
Gough street between Greenwich and
Lombard.
The petition of Islais Creek property
owners to construct a drawbridge over
Kentucky street at its Intersection
with the creek, and also to open Illi
nois street, was taken under advise
ment.
The committee reported In favor of
requesting the Department of Elec
tricity to grant permission to the Cen
tral Light and Power Company to
maintain poles for the stringing of elec
tric wires on Geary street, between
Powell and Stockton, for a period of
thirty days. The poles were erected in
violation of an ordinance on a permit
signed by President Schmitz of the
Board of Public Works. Messrs. Levi
son and Vaughan of the Geary Street
Improvement Club explained that it
was intended to improve the condition
of the thoroughfare, and urged the
granting of the privilege. They will
confer with Chief Hewitt of the De
partment of Electricity and some agree
ment will be arrived at to Insure the
placing of the electric wires under
ground, the poles being used for the
arc lights only.
The committee ordered paid the de
mand of J. G. Harney for $16,445 12 for
sweeping the streets during April. Some
question was raised as to the correct
ness of the bill, because It far exceeded
the sums paid for the work during pre
vious months in spite of the fact that it
rajned frequently during April. In
spector Cowden testified that the
sweeping was done according to con
tract, and remarked that the appro
priation is not sufficient to do the work
as it should be done.
TO CLOSE THOROUGHFARE.
POLES OX GEARY STREET.
The committee reported in favor of
the indefinite postponement of the res
olution granting permission to H. E.
Holmes to blast for grading purposes
at Green and Sansome streets. The
property . owners who successfully
fought the blasting operations of Gray
Brothers on Telegraph Hill renewed
their protests before the committee.
Holmes admitted that he did not in
tend to build on the lot for some time
to come, and the committee thought
the matter should lay over until the
bond issue involving the improvement
of Telegraph Hill has been settled by
the courts.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday recommended the passage of
an ordinance providing for a grant to
the Southern Pacific Company of the
right to construct twenty-seven spur
and connecting tracks with the ter
minals of its bay shore cut-off line at
the county line. Jere T. Burke, on be
half of the company, agreed that all
the terms of the ordinance would be
complied with, these including the pav
ing of the roadways between the tracks
and the erection of such bridges across
intersecting streets as may be deemed
necessary.
There were large congregations at
St. Mary's Cathedral and at St. Dom
inic's Church. St. Ignatius Church and
St. Mary's (Paulist) Church and the
services were profoundly impressive.
The Rev. W. M. Reilly conducted the
services at St. Paul's Church, Califor
nia street, near Fillmore, and at all
the Episcopal churches the day was
observed.
For a simile the reverend gentleman
said that "John Brown may lie amould
ering in his grave, but his soul goes
marching on." This, he said, is seen
in the political world, from where great
men disappear, yet others always arise
to take their place, even with a double
portion of their spirit.
There was an evening service at
Grace Church at 4 o'clock.
At Trinity Church the Rev. Frederick
W. dampen. D. D., officiated at the
Ascension day service and at St. Luke's
the Rev. Burr M. Weeden, the rector,
officiated at each service.
Last Sunday the rector, the Rev.
David J. Evans, reminded his congre
gation to observe all the great holy
days of the church and the members
were in attendance in goodly number
at the service yesterday.
In an impassioned sermon the Rev.
Mr. Evans said that the man who is
left in the world is in far more serious
position than the man leaving it. Great
and good men. he said, really never die
because the real part of them, which
is the spirit, is always bequeathed to
a successor.
Ascension day was observed in many
of the churches of the city yesterday
and the congregations were generally
larger than In previous years. At
Grace Church, California and Stockton
streets, the first service was at 6:30 in
the morning and at the 11 o'clock ser
vice there were beautiful and impres
sive numbers rendered by the ladies'
choir under the direction of Organist
William Holt.
The flag was ordered displayed from
schoolhouses Tuesday, June 14, 1904,
this date being the one hundred 'and
twenty-seventh anniversary of the
adoption of the Stars and Stripes as
the national emblem of the American
States. \\ .
State Controller Colgan notified the
board that the amount now in the
State school land fund is $754,275 74.
Chief Census Marshal Atkinson in
formed the -board that 'the work -of
compiling the school census is pro
gressing and that it will show an in
crease over 1303. , The cost of tire
work so far aggregates $6800.
The board is now issuing pamphlets
containing the plan of appointment of
teachers in the competitive examina
tion to be held June 11, 1904. The
plan was formally adopted at the
meeting and is identical with that of
last year, except that it provides for a
morning and afternoon session, at each
of which five questions will be pro
pounded. , The oral examinations of
those who take the written test will
begin June 13. Several applications
wore filed.
BOARD ISSUES PAMPHLETS.
Resolved ' The Board of Education shall con
duct annually a competitive examination for
appointments to the substitute list. Alt teach
ers desiring to enter snch examinations shall
be required to take both a written and an oral
examination on the practice and theory of edu
cation and such other topics as may from
time to time be announced.
As the system of appointing teach
ers to the graded classes of the San
Francisco School Department for the
past two years has through the
medium of civil service examinations
proved an unqualified success, - the
board decided to make it a permanent
feature and adopted a resolution as
follows:
Resolved. That Arthur W. Scott. M. D., be
and he Is hereby appointed principal of the
Girls' High School, subject to two years" pro
bation, the tame to take effect upon the con
ditions contained in the resignation of Elisha
Brooks, as principal of said school, becoming
operative.
NAMES SUCCESSOR.
Resolved That the resignation of -Elleha
Brooks, as principal of the Girls' High School,
be and is hereby accepted with regret, the
same to take effect July -25. 1804, subject to
the condition that Mr.- Brooks be placed on the
retired list In order that he may avail him
self of the provisions of the act to create and
administer a public school teachers' annuity
and retirement fund.
Whereas. Mr. Brooks assumed said prin
clpalship July 1, 1892. and has since that
time by his scholarly attainments and the
exercise of ability of a iiigh administrative
order not only entrenched himself in the af
fection of the scholars who attended his school,
but also commanded the respect and confi
dence of all with whom he came In contact
as principal of said school; therefore be It
The Board of Education yesterday
formally accepted the resignation of
Elisha Brooks as principal of the
Girls' High School and- appointed Dr.
A. W. Scott to the vacancy, as, already
announced., The proceedings of the
board on the matter are contained in
the following resolutions:
Whereas Elisha Brooks, principal of the
Girls 1 High School has submitted his resig
nation of said position to this department, and
Braunhart hotly told • Schmitz to
keep a civil tortgue ,in his head; when
further argument was; prevented by
Chairman Brandenstein, who called
the. men to order. , ,,
Braunhart said later that the Board
of Public Works had prepared 'its
requisition in better style than any
board that, has yet come .before the
committee and that only in the one
case '¦' regarding the civil service mat
ter had he any cause to find fault.
The committee adjourned the meet
ing until Monday morning, when the
subject will again.- be taken up. •
Supervisor Braunhart strongly de
nounced Schmitz for employing the
men, and, > after considerable arguing
from both sides, he said:
"Of course, Mr. Schmitz, I know
that the violation of the charter Has
been purely accidental on your part,
and I know, sir, that you would not
engage for. a moment in any political
scheme — Oh, no!'
Schmitz said: "Well, never mind
about that. Wa all know what you'd
do; what you always have done, and
what you will do when given the
chance. I think it would be a good
plan if you would change the brand
of your cigars."
OFFICIALS QUARREL.
Michael Casey on being questioned
said that civil service had not always
proved a success and that in many
cases it has been little more than a
farce.. ¦ . .-.; --cK-iA
/ It developed during the investiga
tion that three men were employed
on the Fourth and the Sixth street
bridges in the roles of assistant engi
neers, but that. their work consisted of
"bridge tending." There is no list of
assistant engineers on the civil ser
vice list and in this way the Board of
Works avoided employing civil ser
vice men.
Supervisor d'Ancona suggested that
if the entire Department of Public
Works should be consolidated into one
large office the expense might be de
creased, as one force of office em
ployes might then attend to all the
business of the department. The idea
was quickly /cast aside after a strenu
ous objection from Commissioner
Casey.
No further work was done in the
morning session and the committee
adjourned until afternoon. The after
noon session opened with a heated
argument upon the merits of the civil
service charter.
The first step taken yesterday morn
ing toward the investigation of the fig
ures was a close study of the payroll
of *the Board of Works. Supervisor
Brandenstein found that a resolution
of the Board of Supervisors to the ef
fect that the salaries of office employes
be reduced had been entirely ignored
and that in several cases the salaries
had been raised. . In one case the
salary, of a bookkeeper had been raised
from $1800 to $2100 per annum.
Schmitz averred ¦ that he had at the
time of the change strongly opposed
it, but that his voice was overruled by
a large majority.
A recent raise of the salary of
Morris Levy, secretary of the Board
of- Public Works, caused considerable
comment from Brandenstein, who
said: "Personally I have nothing
against Mr. Levy, but time and again
I have seen him hanging around the
Supervisors' office during office hours
waiting for a permit to give a prize
fight."
WOULD CONSOLIDATE OFFICES.
Herbert Schmitz. president of the
Board of Works, maintains, however,
that there are many permanent im
provements that are sadly needed in
the city, but. that have been neglected
through lack*. of funds. He says that
$2,300,000 was asked for last year,
while only $769,867 was given the
board. '.-.;...- . -
The Board of Public Works/ repre
sented by Herbert Schmitz, Michael
Casey and Thomas P. Woodward, ap
peared before the Finance Committee
of the Board of Supervisors yesterday
morning to submit their money requi
sitions for the following fiscal year.
The total amount require'd by the
Board of Public Works this year is
$2,846,541 50, while the Auditor has
recommended that it be allowed but
$ # 924,122, an increase of $154,255 on
last year's budget.
HOSTS OBSERVE
ASCENSION DAY
BOARDS CLASH
OVER CHARTER
SPUR TRACKS
TO BE BUILT
SCOTT TAKES
BROOKS PLACE
SIGN CONTRACT
WITH BOSSES
Wants Rafts and Bathing Cabins.
* Warner Temple - petitioned the
Board of Supervisors yesterday that
provision be made in the next budget
for the placing of three floats or life
rafts about 100 yards from the low
water mark of the tide on the ocean,
beach opposite K street. Temple de
sires that the life ' rafts be provided
with lines so that the people who may
enjoy surf bathing and wading may
have some protection from the under
tow. Temple also requests that he be
granted a permit to have bathing 1 ma
chines on the beach, such as are used
at the seaside resorts in England, for
the use of which he proposes tocharge
a small fee.
No sicrht in. the world Is now gTander
than the Yosemite Valley^ The seven
great waterfalls are at their best. Thou
sands of wild flowers are in blossom.
Song birds are in every" tree and shrub.
Those who have been to the Valley bring
back glowing accounts of its benfuty.
The Santa Fe is the beautiful way and
lies through blooming meadows and
giant forests. ' Santa Fe stages are the
only ones that pass through the famous
California Big Trees on the way without
extra expense or side ride. The Santa
Fe has "also the lowest fare of 42S.5O for
the round trip.
Full particulars and the new folder
may be had at 641 Market street. •
The Glories of Yosemite.
AN INSPIRING SIGHT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' FRIDAY, 31 AY 13; 1904.
"- The Supervisors'- Electricity. Com
mittee yesterday reported in favor of
granting permission to the Knights
Templar, to illuminate .Market 'street
during: its forthcoming, conclave. For
that 1 purpose, .the, committee ordered
the purchase of 100 additional poles
to extend the : scheme , of illumination
from Second streetto the ferries.
To Illuminate Market Street.
The TraVeler's Comfort First.
That is the motto of the Union and Southern*
Pacific in the equipment and operation of their
tourist cars, which go straight- through, to
Chicago or 8t \ Louis without change. ¦• If you
take one to the Exposition you will; arrive fit
to enjoy yourself. S. F. . Booth, General Agent,
U. P. R. R..-1 Montgomery street. •
That this is an age of condensation is further
proven by the popularity of the Pocket Direc
tory of the American Press. Issued annually
by Lord & Thomas, the famous advertising
firm of Chicac© and New Torlc.
The 1001 issue is <just out. It contains an
amount qf Information t concerning the publi
cation* of the United' Statas, Canada, th»
Philippines, etc.. that would ordinarily require
a volume as' big as Webster's Unabridged, con
densed to nt Into a pigeon-hole-size book, con
veniently, arranged and classified. ':¦££?£*
Systematic , boiling down has not lessened Its
completeness. . ; .*•* ¦ . .
¦ Thin work should , prove Invaluable to all
general advertisers.
A Book Worth Having.
7
ALUMINUM COLLAPSIBLE Cms MREE T^
; . ", , "^ jrv^ ADVEBTISEMENTa / , [¦ . '¦ * "" - ¦ - }[ ¦ ./ f' )\ ¦ ; - ¦ v .• .-' ¦ . / v -:. . .,M
III Requires Treatment Which Acts in Harmony with the Female System. /--^Sv^lRfi II 13
Wt n©w 1 LydSa E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound]
1 ADVEBTISEMEinS.
1 iiiliilii KtrnluLnAIUnO
-f*^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Will keep Provisions longemrod ,
1 \\\ \ 1 \ 1 \\\ iWW^Sk. 1 1 1 i I i //
\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\w l ?N*1iSiflS'K8^^
I f • A NARROW ; fi^ni V f
1) V.% ANDA>STRAIGlITrONE / |.
'a M JBL® JS^^r J^^V-i, llfflk *b?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
cirid pattern?. .\o
{ ¦ Consequently we wish to close
them all out right now, while
there is a demand. ,w\
I The vests have sold at $2.00,
32.50, $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00 each. yTfc^^t^^W^F'
I They comprise piques, mercer- W^^^i^r^X^f^i
1 ized silks, linens, marseilles, bas- IS^II^P
ket weaves and mattings in white, n2^^^^^L^<^i
¦ plain colored and fancy patterns. '^^I^^C/'' 1
They are made with three or ' * *- t l,_
ri four buttons, with or without
collars, in sizes from 33 to 46.
.. The colors are woven in the fabric— they are absolutely
f While the vests last the sale price is $1.00-
Remember we have them in double-breasted style only.
The early buyers get the cream of the assortment.
Mail orders filled— write at once, stating size and color wanted.
sn\V(kw$co
/ 740 Market Street.In" the mint * at Philadelphia twenty-four tons of - gold
are now under the process of speedy transformation
fromjbullion to double eagles of the coin of the realm. It
is always well to know that there ig plenty of money in
Yhe country. --This knowledge fortifies our endeavors: to
secure some of it. '
Townsend's California Glace fruits ta
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st."
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public raen by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 10 4 J. •
Scholar — Professor, j your mnemonic
system is wonderful, and I am sure
that any one, after mastering the rules,
ca.n learn to remember anything.- .But
I am handicapped by one difficulty.
Professor— What is it?
. Scholar— I can't remember. the rules.
—Town and Country.
ON Sunday last .The Call '' published a significant
dispatch from St. Petersburg ;jn which Sergius
Volkhpffsky, a correspondent at the CzafV capi
tal, tells at length of the blows thit have been" deliyered
at thc'stability of the Russian empire! by the. nimble Jap
anese in, their surprisingly successful campaigns .both on
land and sea. - "It is an open secret here,'': writes, the cor
respondent, "that the situation, in the Far East has in-
THE PERILS OF RUSSIA.
The Iroquois Theater pf Chicago is to be remodeled
in accordance with municipal regulations and reopened
for public;: patronage.^ AH the architects in- the country,
however, will never be. able to make the 'place anything
but a 'house of horror in the memories of the American
people. Commercialism cannot yet so completely over
ride sentiment -in the United States,
Ernest Terah Hooley, hero of a host of scandals and
shady finance, is under arrest in London on a charge of
conspiracy to defraud. While this predicament is nothing
new nor startling to Hooley the experience of Whitakcr
Wright may be expected to throw a gloomy shadow of
uncertainty on the situation. British justice is appalling
in its primitive and uncompromising conception of what
constitutes guilt.
"Yet' the work of this marvel, fixing
for a moment the attention of the
world, is only the work of the train
dispatcher, who, sitting under his night
lamp, blindfolded by four white walls,
his right hand on the key and his eye
fastened on the figures of a train sheet,
forces his mind, when other men, are
asleep, to visualize the long, winding
miles of his division— its trains, its
passing tracks and curves. Its towers
and stations, its semophores and
switches. At twenty points In th«j
darkness of his night, and depending
for safety on the clear, instant work
ing of his mind, are swiftly, moving
trains of. Pullman "cara " loaded with
sleeping pen and"women whose waking
Few travelers realize what energy
and. nerve are, put into the labor that
makes their travel comfortable. Mr.
Spearman, in his article on "The Nerves
of the Road," In the May magazine
number^ of The Outlook, likens the
train dispatcher to the chess-player.
He writes:
The Nerves of the Road.
Wonders will never cease even in San Francisco. It is
hardly credible that the president of the Board of Educa
tion has suggested an increase in the salaries of public
school teachers to a sum commensurate with the.impor
tance of the seryices'rendered to the community, but the
interesting, fact remains that the recommendation is of
record in the proceedings of* the Board of Supervisors.
If this wave of suggestion continues we may even come
to look upon pedagogy as skilled labor.
"Regarding the question as to wheth
er an officer once placed upon the re
tired list, as colonel, for instance, can
be commissioned as major, captain or
in a lower grade, will say that I ara
aware of no law .on the subject. As
there Is no law against it. there would
seem to be no law to prevent its being
done if desired. The only question to
be considered would be as to whether
the colonel desired to accept such a
commission. In other words, your cor
respondent's idea seems to be that it
would be all right for a man to accept
a higher commission, but there must
certainly be something against his ac
cepting a lQwer. I Imagine this feel
ing only occurs from the fact that it
Is such an unusual proceeding for an
officer to descend In* the scale cf mili
tary rank."
ON THE RETIRED LIST—Subscrib
er, Sausalito. Cal. The question of the
appointment of officers on the retired
list to position of lower rank than the
one upon which retired was forwarded
to the office of the Adjutant General
at Sacramento and the reply of Briga
dier General Lauck is as follows:
POSTAGE STAMPS— S. J.. City. If
you will look in the classified part of
th^ city directory you will find the
names of those who, in this city, deal
in eld postage stamps. This depart
ment cannot advertise any one engag
ed In business. Correspondents who de
sire business addresses should always
enclose, with the question, a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope.
JEWISH POPULATION— A. S., City.
It is estimated that the Jewish popu
lation in the United States aggregates
1,127.268. That is according to the
American Jewish Year Book edited by
Dr. Cyrus Adler.
LICK OBSERVATORY — W. F. R.
City."" The Lick Observatory on top of
Mount Hamilton, Santa Clara County,
is 4209 feet above the sea level.* The
top of Tamalpals, In Marln County, Is
2375.
The best emeralds of modern times
have been taken from the mines about
eighty miles northwest of Bogota.
These mines were discovered in 1555
and were worked by the Spaniards in
1558. Until recently they were worked
under a Government 1 - concession to a
French syndicate.
The method of mining is crude and
has made little progress in the past
half dozen centuries. This is due
largely to the. fact that the natural
wealth of the various mines has not
made it advisable to introduce ex
pensive machinery.
A good emerald Is worth several
times as much as a diamond of the
same size. General George W. Mlndil,'
precious stones expert for the United
States at the port of New York, says
that fewer emeralds, have . come into
the country during the past year than
ever before, and that the importation
of them is diminishing yearly. Precious
stones merchants say that they are
unable now to obtain good emeralds,
and the price on them has advanced
more than 100 per cent in the past
three or four years.
London is the market, center, and the
tan-colored royalty of India, and the
Orient is the source of supply for
emeralds. .The goods purchased repre
sent the labor of months and often
times years In the* collecting "of them.
As there are none being mined, the
only way to get them is to send out
agents among the natives. But the na
tives are slow to surrender their
wealth, and if the agent, after weeks
of travel and living among them, re
turns.with 75 or 80 karats, he is doing
extremely well.— Boston Herald.
Emeralds have been discovered in al
most every country In the world, but
there is not an emerald mine being
•wcrked to-day. The reasons for this
are manifold, but the principal one^is
that there Is only one, mine in the
world to-day that is worth the ex
pense of operating. This mine is tied
up realise cf the political disturb
ances,ir Colombia.
Scarcity of Emeralds.
PHELAN FOUNTAIN — Constant
Reader, Elmira, Cal. The fountain and
statue presented by ex-Mayor Phelan
to the city of San Francisco stands on
Market street, opposite Mason.
Answers to Queries.
Galen Clark, custodian of the Yo
semlte Valley, the discoverer of the cel
ebrated Mariposa grove of big trees,
has taken up the cudgels in behalf of
the despised "Digger" Indians of Cali
fornia, and in a little book published
by himself, with the title of "Indians of
the Yosemite Valley and Vicinity," ap
pears as the unyielding champion of
much-wronged peoples. His work is
something more than an addition to
controversial literature, however, for
it embodies many facts of especial in
terest to the ethnologist and abounds
in suggestions to the prospective tour
ist. Mr. Clark's writes from an ac
quaintanceship of half .a century's
standing, having made his home in Yo
semite since he emigrated thither from
New York in 1853. Perhaps the most
interesting chapters of his book are
those giving details of the "Diggers' "
industries and paraphrases of their le
gends and myths. His "Hints to Yo
semite Visitors" contain some good
specimens of unconscious humor:
Men will find flannel or negligee
shirts the most comfortable.
Short skirts are most convenient.
Something absolutely soft for neck
wear will be found a great comfort,
both by men and women.
Smoked glasses will sometimes save
the wearer a headache.
Take a little more money than you
think will be needed. You may want
to prolong your stay.
There is a laundry In the valley.
There is a barber shop.
Yosemitc Indians.
ALL over the United States the public school teach
ers are the poorest paid of all^the servants of the
public. Indeed, the same thing is true about all
educators, and college and university professors are no
exception. We pay our other civil servants and the offi
cial grades -in the army. and navy much more liberally.
Yet it may be said with confidence that public school
teachers are the most useful and important of all who
serve the public for a salary. It is their work that
economizes all the other expenses of government. . If
it is well done there is less cause for spending money
on courts, almshouses, jails and penitentiaries.
The public school is where character is developed and
determined. There are laid the foundations of citizen
ship and there the lessons of patriotism are taught. The
schools prepare our citizens for the practical duties of
life. The schools are the nurseries of freedom, of civil
liberty, of the public welfare. When the teachers are
poorly paid, subjected to erratic and mutable political
control and disturbed in their poise of mind by financial
necessities due to poor compensation their work is im
pressed by these conditions and its defects are stamped
upon the future citizenship of those in their care.
It is a brutal view to take of their compensation and
work to say, as is often said, that they work onlyjfive
days in the week. We affirm that in those five days they
do more work, more important and more exhausting,
than any other'public servants do in ten days. Yet their
pay is the poorest of all. At the present scale of wages
a hodcaYrier in San Francisco, makes more than the
principal of one. of our schools. A stable hostler makes
more than the average teacher in the grades. Yet the
teacher has expenses for dress and living that are not re
quired of the hodcarrier and hostler.
.'In another view of it the high wages paid in the vari
\ous productive callings work out in the cost of living.
The teachers' incomes remain stationary while the cost
of living increases. Their incomes are fixed incomes
and. inelastic. They are fixed, too, not by any scale of
living at all. ...They do not expand as the .necessaries of
life rise in price, nor contract as they fall. They now
represent a wage adjusted to the minimum cost of living
under conditions long obsoleted. The average margin of
savings; possible for teachers has become very narrow,
and, we have reasons fot believing, has disappeared en
tirely in a large number of cases.
¦' A movement has been. started to increase the compen
sation bleachers in this State. It .should have general
encouragement. We can better afford to reduce other
salaries than we. can afford to keep teachers' pay at its
present level.
THE PAY OF TEACHERS.
"Being impressed with their blissful
ignorance of the responsibilities of
married life I married the couple, and
being resolved that such self-sacrifice
should not go unrewarded I not only
remitted the fee, but gave the German
an order on my grocer for $10 worth
of household necessities."
" 'Oh. dat's all righdt. We'll get
along/ for you see Wilhelmlna earns
$15 a month and I make $25, and both
salaries -will be sufficient.* "
"A young man, evidently of German
extraction, entered my courtroom" one
day last week," said Justice of the
Peace Lawson, "accompanied by a nice
looking girl. Both appeared to be
rather bashful and it was only after
diligent coaxing on my part that they
informed me .that they wished to get
married. I told them I was ready to
proceed ..with the ceremony, but the
prospective jrroom blushed and hesi
tated."
• ;" 'You see, Chudge, I yust bought de
marriage license and to tell you de
truth I have riot any money to pay
your fee.' "
" 'Well, don't you think it is a rather
risky thing for you to get married and
not to be able to pay the fee? How do
you expect to live when you are mar
ried?'"
Fearless.
¦'Under the benign influence of American institutions
and the patronizing effect of American methods Hawaii
may now be regarded as safe within the protected sphere
of twentieth century political civilization. The former
chief clerk of the Honolulu Water Works Bureau was
recently indicted on thirteen charges of embezzlement.
Can anything more distinctly American be suggested?
About four weeks afterward Mc-
Gregor came to Gaffey and. holding
out $5 said, "You win. Gaffey; the
eggs didn't hatch;* but now, old man,
I wish you'd tell me how you knew
they wouldn't."
"Well, Mac, if you want to know
I'll tell you. While you were asleep
that night I boiled the eggs at the
same time with my coffee."
"Oh, I'm Just taking a setting of
thoroughbred e&srs to a friend of mine
down south," answered his partner.
Gaffey took one of the eggs out of
the box,and held it up to theiight. He
shook his head and, In answer to an
inquiry as to what was wrong, said:
"Those egr^s will never hatch, Mac."
"Won't hatch! I'll bet you $5, the
price of the setting, they will," said
McGregor.
"All right; I'll take you," answered
Gaffey.
Nothing more was said and soon
afterward McGregor turned in for the
first watch off.
Several years ago, before the "Owl"
train was run between Oakland and
Los Angeles, Thomas Gaffey and W.
C. McGregor, two of the oldest rail
way postal clerks in the service, were
together on the night run through
the valley. As was then the custom,
the watches were "split." After the
train was fairly on its way one man
would stand' watch while the other
slept, and it was incidentally through
this /fact that McGregor became the
victim of a Joke at the hands of Gaf
fey, which has not yet been forgotten
among the employes of the postal de
partment.
Just before going out on one of the
runs McGregor had secured a setting
of thoroughbred eggs to take to a
friend in" Los Angeles. He took them
to the car, carefully packed In saw
dust. Soon after leaving Oakland
Gaffey's attention was drawn to the
box, which was set aside in the car.
"What have you got there, Mac?"
asked Gaffey.
Why and Wherefore.
rests with him alone. Thi3 man is no
genius; he Is the plain, everyday Amer
ican that one meets In the street car
of in the crowd. He .c anr.ot choose hia
days for playing his games: he plays
every day from 8 a. m. till 4 p. m., or
from 4 till midnight; or he takes his
transfer at midnight and sits In his
chair through the last watches of the
night. He cannot play twenty games
and rest; he must for eight hours be
ready steadily for every game that
comes over the wires against him,
whether of "storms, blockades, break
downs or wrecks. He cannot load up
with coffee or strong cigars for the
strain of one night, because he must
meet the same conditions on the next
night and on every night. No one mar
vels concerning^ him; no one coddles
him; no one pays any attention what
ever to him, until, after perhaps a
thousand or five thousand such nights
successfully passed, he makes one
night a mistake, a fatal mistake, and
from those people who themselves
never forget anything a cry for venge
ance goes up. Other men may make
mistakes; not the dispatcher. His
nerves must be iron and must never
fag, never wear. Sitting in his den.
he directs his train- movements every
day, and his life, burned out like the
electric current at his key, Is one of
the little sacrifices we exact as the
price of our living: in the country and
doing business in the city, of crossing
a continent in days instead of weeks,
of getting our letters with the speed*
of telegrams and our papers and maga
zines wet from the distant press.
"What puzzles me," remarked the
Judge, "is thul anybody should keep
Buch rubbish." ,
**I always keep my letters,*' replied
Xlre. Frasier, innocently.
"Yet roil wanted your letter*
burned?" inquired Mr. Dickens.
"Yes. because Mr. Spindelow > left
them lying about on the office -table,"
answered the ready-witted widow,
tritfa a coy glance at the Jury.
\ It did not take the. Jury long to as
«>-s the damage to the widow's affec
tions at 13003. Assuming that Mr. Spin
dplov.- personally delivered only 5 per
cent of the 4(MNX>,000 Jkisses which he
consiffutd to her" by letter, this, works
The story of the Idyl which termina
trd so unfortunately Is almost as fun
ny ae the means which Mrs. Frasier
has taken recently to make still more
money out of it. To begin with, it was
in the unsympathetic guise of rent coir
lfctor that James Outrldge Splndelow
first entered Mrs. Frasier's shop and—
to use his own expression — began buz
zing: around the "Jam pot." As a mere
ordinary, everyday rent collector Mr.
Ppindelow would have received any
thing but a warm welcome from the
widow. But as he speedily disclosed to
her he was an individual of much
greater importance. He is, in fact, a
species of parochial "Pooh Bah." In j
his own person he united the func
tions of parish constable, sexton, ver
ier, vestry messenger, sub-inspector of
nuisance. Coroner's officer, licensing
clerk asd clerk to an important firm
cf solicitors. Probably, however, what
more than this dazzling array of of
fices inclined Mrs. Frazier to encourage*
his "buzzing" was his statement that j
his income from these various sources
amounted to considerably over $5000 a
year.
Fpindelow acknowledged that there
existed an. impediment to speedy mar
riage in the shape of a wife. Mrs.
Frasier says he told her that he could
get rid of his wife by means of a di
vorce, but intimated that such a course
might give offense to the church peo
ple and especially the vicar on whose
Eood graces he was dependent for some
of his numerous offices. Besides, hia>
wife was sickly and likely to be re
moved by some dispensation almost
any time. The widow concluded that
15000 a year was worth waiting for. As
a p'edpe of good faith, to be redeemed
when nature had removed the legal ob
stftc'.e, Spindeiow went through a form
of mock marriage 'with her and drew
up this extraordinary document: -~*j.\
•"L James Outridge Splndelow, do
take cath that I love you, Georglna
and no other, that I love you sincerely
end devotedly and no other, and that 1
thill be kind and loving to you always,
sharing with you your Joys and sor
rows, and shall keep to you and you
only as long a* we both shall live."
This wa« in 1S9S. Mrs. Spindelow did
not die until three years later, and
th«n the fly that had so pertinaciously
uuzzed around the "jam pot" ail this
time began to fight shy of it. Finally.
Kays Mrs. Frasier. be tola her that she
r.:ipht shoot him if she liked, but never
would he marry her.
But a widow over 40 never seeks so
lace In gore for blighted affections
when the man in the case is worth
(5000 a. year and the inevitable breach
of promise *uit followed, after Mr.
Splndelow had married somebody else,
perhaps it was the belief that Henry
Fielding Dickens, as the 6on of the
great novelist, must be possessed of
prt-at hereditary talent for- exposing
the ways and wiles of artful widows,
which induced Mr. Spindelow to place
his difecse in the har.ds of that clever
Kick's counsel. It availed him nothing,
hownver. The widow was good-look
ins and the Jury Impressionable. And
with an eye seemingly to possible fu
ture contingencies she had faithfully
preserved til bis letters.
"I want to bo your silly little baby
and* spoiled darling." cried out the
love-lorn Splndelow in one missive. In
another he sent Mrsr Frasier, "40,000.000
kisses."
The Jam Pet and the Fly.
8peci*l Ctorm^>ondenc«.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
6 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, May 2.—"Be
vare of vidders." The wisdom of that
memorable riece of advice given by
.the elder Weller to his son is strlfcins
]y exemplified in the etcry that lies be
hind the display made in the window
of a feminine tobacconist's shop in
Fhaftfsburjr avenue of a huge Jam pot,
a round which a big artificial fly is buz
zing together with '"Breach of Promise
Cigars, " which at present are selling
like The proverbial hot cakes at six
pence each.
The proprietor cf the shop. Mrs.
Georgina Ada Frasier. is a widow. The
Jam pot typifies herself. The fly stands
for the man from whom she obtained
J3000 the other day for breach of prom
ise. The particular appropriateness of
tije allegorical Illustration of the case
lies in Us reference to a letter which
tvas read in court wherein the victim
of her ripe charms had likened himself
to "a fly buzzing about a Jam pot and
occasionally getting a bit." The cigars
At sixprnce each represents the price
which those who see the Joke are ex
ptcted to pay for it. Evidently Mrs.
Frasier*^ wits have been considerably
sharpened by over forty years' experi
ence of life's Joys and sorrows. And
though age has ripened, it has not
diminished her beauty.
"In view of this state" of affairs, and
being: anxious to remove all that, at
the present difficult moment, might
disturb the normal course of life in the
interior of the Empire and provoke, in
a number of cases, discontent among
the population.' I consider it necessary
tcr suspend, till peace is restored, the
expulsion from their actual places of
residence of those Jews whom the local
authorities have reported as living il
legally in localities where they were
formerly authorized to settle."— London
Times.
An official circular recently issued in j
Russia manifests a more lenient dis
position toward the Jews. It is a "Con
fidential Circular" Issued from the Min
istry of the Interior, Department of
the Police, Sixth Section, on March 19.
1904, and numbered 723. The circular
is addressed to the Governors of prov
inces and towns, and the chiefs of po
lice, and says:
"The measures that have been taken
at diverse epochs by the Minister of
the Interior for the purpose of expell
ing Jews from the localities which they
Inhabited, and which are outside the
zone established for their residence,
caused different local authorities to
adopt various dispositions that were
more or less rigorous. Their object was
to bring the Jews once "-more within
this zone. The very numerous corn
points sent by these expelled Jews
to the Ministry, and also the informa
tion Bupplied in regard to this matter
by the local authorities, all went to
show that the measures taken by the
Governors and the authorities under
them to enforce the laws confining,. the
Jews within their residential districts
sometimes entailed painful conse
quences to individuals. But it is evi
dent that, in certain cases, it is neces
sary to endeavor to discover the cause
which led these Jews to live where
they had no legal right of residence.
The law on this head is so. far recog
nized as defective by the superior au
jthorlties that preparatory studies have
been made with a view to revising the
restrictive laws to * which the Jewish
population of the Empire is subjected.
The lack of precision in these enact
ments gives rise to most 1 varied inter
pretations and this occurs even in the
superior institutions of the State. It
was, therefore, inevitable that the
measures taken in virtue of these laws
by the superior authorities, and more
especially those taken by the inferior
authorities, Bhould be lacking in that
regularity and uniformity necessary to
produce a favorable effect.
"In these circumstances it would
seem scarcely in harmony with the
principles of Justice to throw on the
Jews all the responsibility for the con
sequences resulting from their illegal
residence- outside the zone where they
Bhould be confined. This Is especially
the case at the present time, when the
unhappy situation' -of the expelled
Jews" is aggravated by ' the military
events occurring in the Far East —
events which have rendered mobiliza
tion necessary in certain military dis
tricts and the calling up for active ser
vice of the reservists, among whom
there are also ' members of families
which have been expelled from their
homes. ¦ '•
Peace for the Jeivs.
By 1S96 the full effect was upon the country. The
people, the owners of the money invested in enterprise,
were in distress. Their income had ceased; their securi
ty was destroyed; their trustees, the banks, were insol
vent. Mr. Bryan proceeded to organize the resulting
discontent and make the Democratic party its exponent.
As good times have followed bad, work idleness, and in
dependence dependence, the causes of discontent have
decreased. Democratic expediency requires that they
shall increase. Therefore the whole strength of the De
mocracy is invested in the manufacture of discontent and
¦accusations against the money power are the means
A small part. of the party is trying to be conservative
and is reinforced by another element that wants to win.
These two influences support Judge Parker. The Sun
says that there must be a reason for the prejudice against
the Judge, "and it can only be found in the determina
tion not to have a man who will lie still under the pres
sure of a. privileged class. We are not prepared to be
lieve that'Judge Parker will do this, but it will take some
explicit declarations to get the people out of the idea
that he might do it." v^
"That is to say, that the party demands a candidate
who will repeat the experiments that caused the panic of
1S93, and will take Judge Parker only upon an explicit
declaration to that effect. 'It needs no seer to see that, if
Parker were nominated and elected the party will do
just as it did to Cleveland. He opposed destructive
measures and had much constructive statesmanship.* But
great as was his strength the party broke, from his lead
ership "and- turned its guns upon him and all who sup
ported him. . .T; -•
It should be understood that the lessons of the past
move the .thoughtful voters, who elect Presidents,, to
look past the candidate to the,party. The country ,h'ad
confidence in Mr. Cleveland; but when he attempted to
invest his party with that confidence it refuied it and
spurned him. The Sun- is not the only witness that
proves that the spirit of the party is .unchanged and it
deserves the confidence of the country as little now as
it did in j8o6.
SOME time ago we noted the. criticisms of, Hearst by
the Colusa Sun, the leading Democratic paper ot
the State, but predicted that the Sun would finally
shine 00 Hearst and would support him if nominated.
This prediction is verified by a recent editorial in the Sun,
in which'it'is admitted that Hearst's nomination would be
the death of the party, but there were reasons given for
his nomination, which were in the prejudice of the rank
and file against Judge Parker. .,- *. . ' • *'. ?~ ". : ••
This prejudice is declared to have its. origin in the.in
stincts of the people against the , money .power. "Then*
follows an indictment, cf the money power, which is
charged with "the -crime of 1873" in demonetizing. silver
and giving control of the volume of. currency to the na
tional banks. "The policy of a protective tariff - is also
charged up to the same influence-and the Democracy is
declared to be for free trade, intending, however, to ap
proach it- gradually.-; The conclusion from the {editorial is j
that the Democracy should take a. strong position rfor I
silver and greenbacks against the national banks and for
ultimate free trade. Then follows the admission that:
"It would requife great statesmanship , to carry out this
policy without breaking down thebusiiiess of the coun-.
try. Any sudden change of any system is bad for the
financially weak." * . : :'I; : J -: : -
We accept this statement as a frank declaration from
an able source which represents the intentions ; of .'the
party,*that those intentions arc dangerous to the couri- !
try's interests and especially to those who are .financially
weak. That means the enterprise of the country, which
is always in the hands of those who borrow capital. 1
Every important railway system is a large borrower and
all of the great activities of the country are promoted bys
borrowers. Who are the lenders? AVhere does. the bor
rowed money come from and who are its owners?. It
comes out of the savings banks and financial trust com
panies and belongs to the people.- It is^mostly the sur
plus wages of labor, deposited with trustees in'ordcr to
secure interest as income. It builds railroads, factories,
ships and the great buildings in cities. It is the arterial,
blood that nurtures the country and symmetrically de
velops all of its resources.
It is the^money persistently referred to as "the money
power" by that class of- Democrats who have taken
counsel of socialism, and by advocating legislation inimi
cal to this money' power are the proponents. of the level-"
ing programme of the socialists. They mistakenly'"con
sider the visible properties and activities created by the
people's money/ as the money power, when "it is all. the
creature of that power which is merely the surplus gains
•of labor. Acting upon that error it is proposed to destroy
Ihe power of the creature to pay interest to the creator.
When this occurs the people who own the money not"
only lose their income from it, but' their security is-im-'
paired and their capital is lost to the extent of that im
pairment.
The Democratic position seems not to have changed'
since Mr. Bryan dictated it in 1896. For three years
prior to that date the country had been in the grim grip
of a panic, the worst ever suffered by any country. It
certainly had one cause, established by Democratic tes
timony, and that was the Democratic tinkering with- sil
ver.* Mr: Cleveland has clearly stated this in his recent
article on the bond issues. From the Republican side an
other reason appears in the assault upon the protective
system. It is evident, therefore, that just what is now
stated to be Democratic policy was the cause of that
panic, and the Sun admits that the same cause will pro
duce the same effects again, but insists that it shall be
tried gradually.
"I never fully -appreciated the real
valuS of the close attention to detail
that railroad systems give until an ex
perience in the claims department con
vinced me that nothlng.should be over
looked, no matter how minute," said a
Southern Pacific Company department
head the other day. \
("A heavy claim for damage to dry
goods wet by rain In transit came to
me," continued the S. P. man. "It came,
too, from a large wholesale house. The
usual routine was _ followed, and we
traced the car that had contained the
so-called damaged freight through a
dozen States. In fact, the matter was
resolved down to a question of weather.
The claimants declared flatly and posi
tively that rair. had done the injury-
We prepared to combat the claim on
the absolute proof that the car had not
been rained on since it was loaded and
left the East. --,-•• 1
"How do you imagine we could make
such a showing? First, we followed by
the records every day's movement ot
that car. We knew precisely at every
hour where that car was en route. Then
we -referred to the very elaborate me
teorological reports that' every railroad
carries, and we demonstrated by chron
ological comparisons that not a drop of
rain had fallen over the country dur-
Jng the transit of this car.
"The clatm was rejected by the de
partment, and after we made our show
ing the merchants withdrew their de
mands."
System.
out at about 1 cent for every 126 oscu
lations which she failed to receive. Or
figuring it the other way about, he
was taxed at the rate of 1 cent for
each six and two-thirds of a kiss which
he had presumably delivered. Either
way the tariff was not a high one.
Mrs. Frasier is reported to have re
ceived twenty-nine offers of . marriage
since *he won the ..case. But for the
present she prefers to devote her at
tention to business at the sign of the
"Jam Pot and the Fly." It is fast mak
ing her rich.
spired the Czar, the imperial family and the members of
the with grave fears .for, the future of the
Russian empire."! .
It needs not the correspondent's further description of
how two Finnish regiments at Viborg and Sveaborg had
to be deprived of their, arms and marched to the .train
for Manchuria at the point of the bayonet to assure the
world of what has^lready been guessed, while the stories
of the scores and even hundreds of young Russians who
have fled'the country to escape the military draft' do but
add confirmation to the opinion already formed concern
ing^the morale of the Russian -arnjy. and the* sentiments
of the people from which that army is drafted.. Before
the present-war broke forth The Call showed, both edi
torially, and through l^s press dispatches;, the alarming
rate at which disaffection had been growing, in the Rus
sian army, both through the spread of radicalism and as
a ' result of "the oppressive measures' pursued by
the Government itself in Finland and elsewhere. That
the bitter bread. cast. upon the. waters has returned to the
Czar is. due to. nothing but the : workings' of the inevitable.
Scarcely a difficult thing is it to figure before the mind
the state; of sentiment that must exist in the hearts of
thousands who pay grudging allegiance to the Czar, when
now their blood and their treasure is being -requisitioned
relentlessly in order that the -double eagle may not fall
in tttter ignominy away off somewhere on the other side
of Asia. In Russian Poland, for instance, or in the more
lately "assimilated" Finland, where in.. both iristr#es
every effort has been made to stamp out the last vestiges
of ' a national entity," evert- to the "interdiction of the na
tional tongue, can it be imagined that the ".Czar's mis
fortunes are to be regarded in anything but the light of
a present opportunity for fanning into flame the latent
spirit of revolt. cannot .look for undivided
patriotic support to the peoples, who have been subjected
to his bitter tyranny. ' ..'.,. . .
Anything in the" nature of a revolt on the part of any
one of the Czar's subject. nations cannot be a probability
yet awhile! The fear of that blind force that has crushed
thousands in the prisons of Siberia still holds and will
hold unless greater disaster comes to Russian arms than
has yet been scored. But this truth is manifest: that the
strength of the great empire of the north, which has so
long been a matter of awe and fear in the eyes of the
nations, has been so suddenly, unmasked and the cankers
in the system so thoroughly revealed that the world may
see the plight of the Muscovite and cease to fear him.
OBJECTIONS TO PARKER.
THE SAN- FEA N C 1& G Q C A L,k
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor , •'. . . , . . ? ? v Address All Commtmlcations to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Ofllcc <^^^^^ > * Third and Market Street* S, P.
FRIDAY I . . .-. .............: . : . .......... . . .....: ;.-;;. . . . . . .": '.'.... ."Y. .': MAY 13. 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO J OALfe: FRIDAY; vMAY .13, 1901
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORD AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Ninety members of the University
of California Club met thia week and
formed ; and adopted a new constitu
tion and elected, the following tem
poraary officers :. A. J. ' McCloud, '00,
president; James P. Booth,; '88, 4 vice
president; Frank W. Aitken, '00/sec
retary-treasurer. The other directors
are: Benjamin • Ide • Wheeler; — : Frank
Otis, mrLw Van Orden. D. D/S.; Wil
liam *D. . Armes. Charles S.
¦Wheeler, '84: James K. Moffltt..'86;
John«D. Hatch, '97: Lawrence Arn
stein. '00; an& H. L. Paddock, '01;^:;;
Club .Adopts New Constitution.
FasteT~Timc for Cars.
, A new time schedule Is to go into
| effect on the Ellis and O'Farrell street
I electric lines on Monday. By adding
to the lines a few moreof the new
cars recently received here the United
Railroads purposes to shorten the
'running- time and give the patrons' of
; those lines a better service. New cars
are also to be put on' the Eddy and
Fulton street lines with "a view of im
! proving the service along those routes.
j These changes are part of the general
j plan of the company, announced sev
eral days ago. for the betterment . of
the street car service of this city, and
I will be followed by a cutting down of
1 the time of the Howard-street line and
j placing of larger cars on the Folsom
'' street road, which will relieve., the
! congestion on the Mission-street sys
! tem. * . L
Thomas Guido. Harry Fisher, Ray Sweeney.
Gerald Kennlff, Fred Therkleson. Frank Sulli
van Philip Smith. Charles Wardell. Lawrence
Swe'itzer. Prosper© Mortalo, Henry Field*.
Richard Rahwyler; Joseph Fautz. John Nelson.
James Carty. Arthur Marshall. George Frlg
onovtch. WtUle Mooney. Antone Miller, William
Hcuer John Wllllg. Allen McCormsck John
McDonald. Henry Moyce. William Engelke. Se
bsstlan Rom. Albert Hobbins. Paul Nobll.
Thomas Kennedy. Merwyn Hoar. John Me-
M&hon, Manuel Brown.. ~.
Girls — Annie Krausse. Dorothy Fisher, Edna
Wrixon Isabelle Sylvia, Frances Binarl, Ethel
Ravannl May Clark. Anita Degan. Agnes
Wiseman, Gertie Engelke. Louise Kelston, Eva
Garrigan, Edna Johnson. Mamie Ward. Grace
Stanley. Gertrude Harnmon, Edna Gallagher,
Grace McFeeley Edith Page. Florence de An
dres Nora Sullivan. Geneviero Rooney, Clare
Kennlff. Carmellta Daly. Aloysle Daly. Nellie
Kelly, Julia Grosskoph. Margaret Roach, Maud
Roberts. Clara Dowd, Irene Dake. Esteile Finn,
Elvira Davis. Flora McCormack, - Dora Berco
vtch. Ancle Pettlngill. OUra . Novack, Marion
Devlin. Sarah McNaraara, Joele Murray. Katie
Whltworth Delia Granucci. . Annie Salzman,
Mamie Keegan. Irene Bennett. Jenny liowrte,
Alice Hannlgan. Sophie Schnell. Florence
Shaw. Mary Farrell. Amelia Miller. Nellie
Donovan. Madeline Watts. Adele Landresse,
Mabel Puccini. Reglna Machi.
The spring floral exhibition of the
Pacific Coast Horticultural Society was
opened yesterday in the grand nave of
the ferry buildings To those who at
tended the show was a marvel in point
of beauty and perfection. Critics say
that the society has never before dis
played such a wealth and variety of
floral products. The exhibition will
continue to-day and will end to-mor
row night. Musical programmes will
be presented during each evening and
visitors will find it a place of more
than passing interest, a revelation of
the floral wealth of the State.
The section of the nave in which
the exhibits have been placed has the
appearance of a beautiful garden. The
stands against the walls are heaped
with the rarest of flowers and the
decorative plants, such as ferns and
grasses, fill the floor space. The
choicest offerings of nurseries and
country gardens find a place and -the
collection of wild flowers can scarcely
be excelled. The exhibits are in four
classes, comprising cut flowers, plants.
floral designs and amateur exhibits, j
Each class is complete "and arranged !
to the best advantage. Everything !
I from roses to the flowers of the fields j
I and waysides may : be found some- !
jwhere In the inclosure and the stu
dent of nature is in his element.
Yesterday afternoon committees of
floral experts awarded prizes for the
: exhibits. John McLaren, superintend
ient of Golden Gate, Park; S. Clack of
j Menlo Park and George Walters made
the selections of cut flowers and plants
as follows: •
Best and largest collection of roses grown
under glass— P. C. Meyer, first prize: Ferrari
j Bros., second prize. - Best and largest col
| lecticn of field-grown roses — Pacific Nursery.
! first prize; California Nursery, second prize.
J Best vase of rows grown under glass — Ferrari
I Bros. Best > vase of roses grown In field —
| G«org e A. Pope. Best and largest collection
] of carnations— P. C. Meyer, first prize; Henry
j L. G&eruhain, wcond prize. Best vase of
I carr.ati-ns — John • H. Slevers & Co. Larrest
Sand best collection of sweetp*a s — C. C. . Morse
Company. Best display of iris — Ferrari Bros.
I Beat display of clematis — California Nursery
Company. Largest and best collection of Pel
argoniums — Sievers & Co.. firrt prize; George
A. Pope, iweond prize." Best and largest col
lection of pan*les— George A. Pope. Best col
lection cf flowering shrubs— W. H. Crocker,
first prlxe; California Nursery, second prixe.
Beet peonies — CaHfornia Nursery Company.
Best collection of decorative plants staged for
effect — John H. Slevers, first prise; H. Plath,
second prize; Gurtave Gaene. . gold medal.
Best and largest collection of ferns-— H. Plath.
Best specimen of fern— H. Plath. Best col
lection of flowerins plants — P. C. Meyer. Best
collection of panstes — H. Plath. .: Best collec
tion of orchids— P. C. Meyer. Largest and
best collection of wild flowers— W. Walters,
first prize; Mrs. ! Rawel. second prize. Best
and . largest collection of garden flowers —
George A. Pope, j Gold ¦ caTla lily— T. Thomp
son. Best coleus — J. W. Hajrco. Special car
nations — Miss F. Goldstein. Double calla Illy
— Mrs. Drew.
The prizes for the most artistic floral
designs and for the best table decora
tions will be awarded ? on Saturday.
The officers of the society are: H.
Plath," president: Thomas A. Munro.
vice president;- X. Peterson, secretary;
M. Borkheini, financial secretary; F.
Cleis. treasurer"; A. Tymciow, librarian;
Otto Niedermuller and John Martin,
ushers;. J. W. Bagge. J. Atkinson and
William Krabbenhoft, trustees. The
committee of: arrangements for the
floral show consists of H.. Plath, man
ager; Thomas A.- Munro. secretary;
William Eldred, ! Charles Fick. . P.
Roc"k, J. W. Bagge, F.-Pelicano and
N. Peterson.
One hundred and eighteen boys and
girls marched in procession up the aisle
of St. Francis Church yesterday morn
ing: at 7:20 o'clock and received at the
altar rails their first communion.
The Rev. Father Terrence Caraher
was celebrant of the mass and the Rev.
Father William E. McGough directed
the children throughout the ceremony.
A number of the Sisters of the Holy
Family, who have been instructing the
children for some months, were pres
ents-
Each boy wore on his right arm a
white silk bow and the girls were at
tired in pretty white frocks and wore
long, flowing white veils.
The high and «ide altars were beauti
fully decorated with the choicest flow
ers cf the season and were, besides,
ablaze with lights.
Father McGough read during mass a
number of prayers alternated by hymns
rendered by the choir.
The address was delivered by the
Rev. Father Caraher, who said in part:
My dear children, you this day should feel
greatly honored on account cf the truest you
are to receive. If you were to be visited by
eoroe kins. «aaperor or prince, cr by the Presi
dent of the United States, you would feel hfpli
i It honored and the Joy would be exceeding great.
j But you are to receive now a visit not frcm
any earthly ruler, but from the King cf Kings
and Lord of Lords, and therefore your Joy
should knew no bounds.
Ore of the objects of the institution of .the
Blessed Eucharist by cur Lord was to unite
: ue to himself and to nourish us with hit body
and blood. Now. when you will receive holy
communion yon will be united most closely
and Intimately with Tour Savior.
When on earth Christ said to him followers
"I an the vine, you the branches." therefore
our union with him Is like that of the branches
with the vine.
On this bright May morning of your first
communion and the Feast of the Ascension
of our Lord, you should resolve to avoid mor
tal ein. to shun bad company, which corrupts,
and hear rr.aps Sundays and holy days and re
ceive the sacraments of penace and Holy Eu
charirt. frequently ; then you will be leading
holy lives pleasing to your Lord and after
deatb you will be happy with God and his
saints and angels.
Following are -the names of those
who received their first holy commun
ion:
Boys — Ellwood Brown, Philip McCormack,
Harry Williams. Edward McDevitt. Charles
Down*. Ernest Ctuua. Eugene Aavannl. Jo
»eph Delaney. George HagRettl, Harold Hilde
brandt. James Rob!. Melvln Beyle. Emeric
SeJma. Stephen Rossi. Arthur Bering. Frank
Leone. Thomas McS'tman, Clarence Everson.
Joseph O'Hara Willie Shea. Raymond Vlscari.
David Wallace Frank Relly. Alfred Frelus.
TWO Of THE MOST BEAUTIFUL EXHIBITS AT THE ANNUAL SPRING SHOW OF THE PACIFIC COAST" HORTICULTURAL
SOCIETY WHICH OPENED TE8TERDAY IN THE GRAND NAVE OF' THE FERRY BUILDING AND WHICH WILL
• CONTINUE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Ber. Father Caraher Speaks
to Bright Boys and Girls
at Their First Communion
GIVES ADVICE
TO CHILDREN
THE SAN FRANGISCO GALL;- FRIDAY; MAY 13; T1904;
Pacific Coast Society Gives a Flower Show That Is a
Marvel in Point of Beauty and Prizes Are Awarded
for the Best Offerings of Garden; Field or Nursery
HORTICULTURISTS BEGIN
THEIR FLORAL EXHIBITION
9
¦ . BEQAL SHOES.
Jfs a story of ten years' steady,
• r natural, inevitable growth. From
one store to seventy-two — not Ah.
. suddenly, but as fast as Regal ,^§11^
•Shoes became known, one store after >JS|lr S»
airather has become necessary. Fifteen /£3j0& : »
•new stores so far this Spring, and JgB§jf SM l
. snore coming. f^^M
-* ..The reason is the very e*0jl^fr ASak
¦ simplest and strongest We V0&§8li!iJS -^MSi&
-actually do moke the best §hoes
in- the world, and we sdl W^^J\^W^t
.them at $3.50 per pair. /mgi!S! M&
TTiat is easy to say and you >»^^^^^»
• could pass it by as mere /^^^@® 1^^
•^vords M — but yon can-
.•not brush away these
.seventy-two stores — 22 fflW J^s
of them in the Metro- i|P l >w i i i 8§l'
politan district of New JP^g^^liPil '1
York, where people, M tannery
style tasutney co^ny- siw§r Cf*O CA
¦• wl^crc else. iipO.OU
• * YOU CannOt igUOre mmm^^mmmmm^mm
- tbe foct tliat the^Regal *.X0.
is/'The Shoe that but before
you buy it. Ninety per cent , of aB --.ofcer; shoes sold at
$3-50 haa^e hemlock taniasd sd£k. Kc^ab bave oak
tanned sdes, aod'we want^iatib \£pcm : it, ix^we put on
each sole a detachable (^ v *^indcwbf'tne Sole.")
Uift it up and see ti» > cle^iaablsckehed I^ve-oak
leatheT-teyoaraelC f
Sead far Style Book. Mlfl*ocd<«' Promptly 43I«d. "
There are 72 Regal Stores. 25 of them in Greater New York, where the styles
arigizizU. The new styles are on sale at our San Francisco Store at the same
time as in the New York Stores. j
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORK.Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DAJTDBxrrr bout wash out.
TIi* Germ Tbat Caniei Zt Eu to B« D«- j
¦trayed'to Care Dandruff.
Many a woman spends an hour twice a |
week scourins her spalp. thinking that by j
scrubbing off the scurf she will cure the j
dandruff. Two hours a week, at the age
of 40 years, she has spent 260 days of 12 ¦
hours each, or two-thirds of a year of!
her life. In that vain hope; vain because '
you can't cure dandruff .without killing;
th*' dandruff germ, and the only hair j
preparation on earth that, will do that is
Newbro's "Herpidde," tJso a delightful j
hair dressing, and thorough antiseptic
afrainst all contagion 1 " from use of
other"* hair brushes. Sold by leading
druggists. B«md 10c in stamps for sam-
ple to The Herpidde Co.. Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
Tor Infants and Children.
the Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tlie /Tof S/tfPj J* "
Signature of Uk«^Z J-C6C6&A4
COLUt^BI A LEADUI3 IBUia
«» „. . -¦ . - ¦
Last Three Nlphts Matinee Saturday
LAST LAUGHING NIGHTS.
Klaw 4b Erlanrtr Present
cub i?onFi?s
In John J. McNally's Latest
THE ROGERS BROTHERS IN LONDON
Seats Now Ready for All Appearances.
. MR. RICHARD
MANSFIELD
Mon.. May W. Eat.. May 21. Tues.. May M.
"IVAN, THE TERRIBLE"; Tues.. May 17,
FrL May 20. Mon.. May 23. Thurs.. May 26.
Matinee May 2S. "OLD HEIDEEBERG":
Wed.. May 18. "A PARISIAN ROMANCE":
Thurs.. May 1». Mat. May 21. " Wed. May 25.
"BEAU BRUMMEL": FrL. May 27. "DR.
JEKTLL and MR. HYDE: Sat.. May 28 (fare-
well night), a scene from e«ch of five Plays.
Prices— Gallery SOc & 75c; Balcony $1. $1 50
& 12; Lower floor $2 50; Boxes and Loges $15.
CALIFORNIA
jm EVEBTBOBT TAXXXXQ ¦- stt^
MT- : ABOUT ITI
M the rmnfmsT bkow ts m
| TOWS! II
Iour NEW MINISTER 1
If THE FAMOCS ALL-STAR CAST. H
9 Ernest Hasting*. . Joseyh Ccnjers. ||
B Oarles Stedmaa. ' John Barker. S3
O Loul» Flerc«. ¦: Fred Mower. Q
B John P. Brawn. Grant Foreman. m
Gertrude Perry. W. C Tanner. . H
Cm Ralnrord. Ptlta May. tl
NEXT WEEK— S<»cond and positively H
m last week of "OUR SEW MINIS- n
Seats now selling. 9
¦ AT «T1 i FT 1 T^ Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR £s%s
General Manager.
' TO-NIGHT— Mab. Thursday and Saturday.
Piquant French Comedy by Alfred Capus.
THE TEE TtAUOEnro
<^~™™~" gpcossa or
1 l/V/C_^ TWO COUTOTEICrS
SCHOOLS
i "It U tMtomln* with fun.;;-BuUetln
k "Company plays admirably."— Chronicle.
EV*.. 25c to,75e: Mats. Thur. & 3at.. 25c to SOc.
Next Monday — Julia Marlowe"s Success.
~^^^ftT»xiPf Y*y fir ™ — *
A Comedy-Drama by Henry Guy Carleton.
U&bBv S B a^^Ssa props
Market st. near Eighth. Phone South 523.
I TO- NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS. g
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY. |
Macnlflcent Production of the Celebrated Ro-
. manUc Drama.
TUC THRPC
I nil I Mill
MUSKETEERS
DDirEC Evenings..*. 10c to 50e
fftiWCj Matinees.. 10c. 15c. 23c
Next we«k— DOWN BY THE SEA.
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION
APRIL 30 to May 15.
To-Night— Scotch and Irish
jyiight
SPECIAL FEATURES.
CONCERTS DAY AND NIGHT.
SOlTVENrR FANS TO ALL CHILDREN.
Afternoons. 1 to 5;. evenings. 7:30 to '10:30.
. ' -- — Qgggr smtPAYS- — —
MISC£L1*AJNEOU3 A3&TJSE3£E2ttSL
FLORAL EXHIBITION
r —OF THE—
Pacific Coast '
Horticultural-Society
* /nAY!l2V-l3.'M, ; l0O4.
GKAND NAVE. FERRY BCTLDINQ.
CONCERT BACH EVENING. >
SPECIAL FEATURES DAILY.
ADMISSION. . . . . ~~. ...... • . - • . - 25 CENTS
BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison " Streets.
Oakland vs. Los Angeles
TO-DAT. tiiti P. M. :
i SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
i SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE TO-DAY.
Adr»nce-8«»e oT^Beats at 5 Stockton Street.
A >rrrap. t/i v. t*|,
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
I.AST TWO JIQHTS. ."'¦":.
I MELBOURNE
I MacDOWELL
In a Magnificent Production of Sardou*s
| CLEOPATRA |
Nut Son. Mai.— EMPRESS THEODORA
- PRICES — 15c. 23c. SOc and 75c
MME. SLAPOFFSKI, I
England 1 ! Greatest Pxlrn* Sona» So-
prano; XlOglaj aad Caxllal*; dan
BaJlerinl; O*ors;* S. Wood; BaJl«rlara
Doe's; and Orpheum Motion Pictures:
last times ot Dan*. M*caal«y aad Com-
pany; Slater • Gasch; Hal Merrltt aasl
Brando-v aad WUejr.
Reralax Matlne. Every Weda«dar. Thurs-
•**!• .5* turdajr and S *°**T- Prices. 10c. 23«
tod oOc,
TIV0LISS5&
MATINEE TO-MORROW."
TO-XIGHT— EVERT XIGHT.
Euperb Productloii of the Greatest Musical
Comedy
Enthoriainn | ±\. | Actors
LRunawaF]
Usual Tlvo» Prlces—25c, 50c. 75c
BARR AND EVANS, FLO ADLER
Ajxd a Orcat Show Every AXtaxnoaa aaA
Srcntar la th» Theater.
TAKE A RIDE OX THE
MIH1ATUEE EL£CTSIC EAI1BOAD
Esroeralda and Her BABY MONKEY In tbe
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
• * - Look oBt for the
PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Admission. 10c; Children. 3c
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMZNT3.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE
Corner Sacramento and Webster sts.
LAIME LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING. MAY 13.
at s o'clcck.
DR. GEORGE BLUMER.
Subject. "GERMS AND GERM DISEASES."
ADMISSION 13 FREE.
BAJA CALIFORNIA .
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORa-
tor aad Nenrlne.
The naost woaderful aphrodisiac and Spevuu
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes
' The Mexican Ilen-.^y for Diseases of :a»
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
SABER, ALFS & BRUNE. A cents.
223 Market St.. B. T. — <Ser»d for Circulars.)
fV FAVORSTE
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
t°* barbers, p.v.
WllUWlliJU boosea. WllUnl t»M«a,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, earn*-*,
dyerm. flour milJa. toundrUa, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, tnoe faeta-lca.
•tablemen, tar-ronfers. tann»r«. taUara, «cc
BVCSJUTAV B3O3.
BraaH gaanlactnxCT*. 809 Sacramento W.
\A/; t:hess.
Votary Pnbllo aad Attorney-at-3^iw. '
Tenth floor. Room lull tldj.
Telephone - Main 983.
Residence. 1602 McAllister St.
; * Reaidenc* Telephone Pas* SML
Weekly Call $1 per Year
--•••'._._;•"'• '¦ ' ADVEBTISEIEENTS.
mrt ¦ H 3 B fa ¦ m^ J*^l * ' m 8 ¦ 5 m >W^4 fl ft as^ssk MM I
/B**^ — ***^* J "* il »**"»^*»****«»»"»^*^^^jiJia&^ B^ i Tpy 1 1 r^^Ts*^*^^— »^ Vc r -^j^, ' t «-^j^ >> -^^^»" > »b^^^^sssI
PSAQESS
— , ~~ ; .--• —
_ ¦- - ¦ ~ ¦ ¦ ¦ _ - . ¦ * ¦ -
• Something Doing
PRAGl£ix.S
DON'T MISS IT. I
pjT AlSWXStS RELIABLE M
j /* 1238-1250MARKET ST.o& T B | §
Saturday the Bulletin's Paris Gowns will be fl
on exhibition in our Cloak and Suit* Depart- |
ment*. Every woman should see them. [
RIGHT <
.... _jd Francisco Official
!-. Street Railway Directory
Wyi tell you all about them.
• Pxice EOc.
X-y Test Pocket XCaps of the City.
15c
' - Dt-Witfs latest Kap sad
. • Onld*. 33c
* Calircrrta Sonreslr Books,
60c, TSe. S1.00.
\ Calif oxaia Soavezilx Pl*yiar
Cards, per pack. fUDQ.
Mali orders promptly filled.
That Man Pitts-
F.W.PJUs.thcJti(ioner
' Vm Marjtet Su Above Powell Sl
.A visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
JafUSEHH OF flfiATOar<
7;.. Cb l'.ZlXHXXZa.tn.i:U7H.:t.T.ti:. { <
"' **C}f " t« Lvrcit Auttcia! MasctiB is the
A . JVi,. Vt'orid. wntuiMt sr it-y caatr*cte4 I '
tg CP« «-*<¦*»* S"^«»l»»->7"»r«*^th»»Uleit '
}:AZ£*l OR. JQECAN-D'SEASE8 Of MEN A
C I A#\t P Tr«»rn>ert pmor*: y nr bjr irrtrr. A A
i S M V r *" n " O"i* •¦ crcfy case OB^rrtakaa. \
Avn 11 & v% >-« '" B^ k rniLoturBirf A
" A 1 HiBBUCK, MAtLCS MZX. (AY
A fl Or ** i * t!e book tor nrTi >
V f(niOP.DiN4«O.]KlM»rt»tSt..<,F.P
* HOTELS A.VD RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
; SEATTLE.
*
KCUODELED AND RKBUILT &t expense of
1 200. 000— New iUr-*eeraeot— ENTIRELY riRE-
LOCATION — Very accessible to street car
lioe«. tto«JtteTB. etc. EUIJOPEAN PLAN.
223. EOOSIS »-lth LUXURIOUS BATHS—
prtv-a.te rooras in astlQue decorations.
Tu'k-.ph Fiatht fn Mot#l.
tTNSrRPAPSBI* KESTAURANT. De Stei-
»er. Chef, formerly cf 1VaJ<3orf>Astorla *ad
*O*# to Prince cf TTaiea.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions Id every room: lose distance cocnectlczu
r. *¦'¦'- with a:.y part of the Coast.
*\Vir* for rewrvatlons. at our expeas*.
HOTEL BUTLEH. Seattle. tVaeh.
Pilarp D0NT f ail to!
. rdidu: $ee besutiful
x COURT Lounging
¦i^fin room, the EMPIRE
UIBU Parlor, the
T-^-4 PALM ROOM, the
I 'UftinQ LOUIS XV PAR.
yiUUU LOR, and the LA-
If^x^f^ DIES' WRITING
room-
i-
JHRE GTORY
'LF KESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
uijfclo.ae and Frlce Lists iaaliei
• . • on Application.
. '- rXESS 4JTO 6AZ.T JffXATS.
OZZ.8.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS.
*U PVowt mu S. r. Phoa* M«la 1711.
LC BCGfiES. «x hSRir. IEngan's Timely Drives;
/PORTLAND; Or., May 12.«— ; "Tfuck"
Eapran won ¦¦ the * game*' for the ' Tigers
to-day by a double "in the eighth and
a three-bagger to; the 7 fence : in "the
tenth. Druhot was batted i out of the
box. Thielman, 'who succeeded: him,
nve-^nie Record for Shrubb.
LONDON. Mmy 12.— On the Stam
ford Bridge uronnds this afternoon
» Arthur .Shrubb broke .the five T mile
asiatenr runniryr record- Time, 24
tnloutes 23 2-5 recond*. «_j
• LONDON*. May 12.^— In the .fourth*
round of the ladies* golf. 'championship
contest at Troon 1 to-day Miss May Haz
lett," former champion, defeated. Miss*
JRhona^Adair, the hofder of the title;
by 4 up, 2 to pla>\ v ~ ¦
Golf Champion Is Defeatetl.
can:* and won with ease. Home runa by
Stahl and ColUns were features. Att«nd«nc«
5000. Seere: >'•' ' . « *
_ : . R. H. E.
Boston «. j« 1
Detroit ; I 8 i
Batteries— TKnnebJU and Farrell; Donovan.
Ferrin and l»uelow.
NEW YORK, May 12,-CleveUtul P Uy*d «U
around New JTarfc to.day, *huttin« out th»
Uxal men O««s«bro wan hit hard. tM!<
Donohu* kept th» hit* w«U tcatUwST Elbirt
feld.and Lajote cnllMM In th, Jventhf «nd
th« former wm forc^J to r»tlr«. 'Attfndanc*
two. Scor« : • ,- *
N>w York ;,V; $' »" *£
CJrx-eland .........;.-.„.,...,.,;, r. 15 • i
Battcr«#t-Cl»«br«>o4 Ma«ulr«; Deaofeu*
axA'jitnus.
.Art Simms Indicted.
AKRON. Ohio, May 12.— The Grand
Jury to-day returned an indictment
against Art Simms,.the, pugilist,;on a
charge of criminal assault. Simms. a
few years ago, gave promise of be
coming champion "lightweight- of , the
world. , •
Harinc «t Cfcurchill Downs.
LOUISVILLE. May 12.— Churchm Dowaa
. results:
Fir*? nr*. ft*»e furionn — Lady Baror won,
IJlfs Inez second. Aunt Katnertne third. Time
, l.-ei!4.
Hecond race, rix furlour* — Bad Newg -won
M^fbe^ Wlnn »econd. . Red Raven third. Time,'
Third race, seven furlon**. veillnx — Mariuna
rrvn. Quiz II second. Amorous third. Time,
"*l:30. VB0VB * *'i~^.
Fonrtfi race, the Bashford Manor' *take«.
Tnur and a talf furlDnrs— Ols»au won, '¦ Flnren
.tlr*" oecond. Rebounder third. Time. . :54«i.
Fifth rare. steeplechase, handicap. *bort
wiu »e — rr."e:a w<ai. L«o Planter second. Fara
«ay Jr. third. Tim*. 3:02. ¦ ;-• - ¦
¦ ! SIrfh race, one mil* Mnji twenty yard*. »ell-
Inr — Ei.lnJ w-oa. Mandamus second, ' Mil's He
* third. Time. 1:45. ,••
No One Blamed for Boxer's Death.
FRESNO. May 12. — The jury sit
ting on the inquest over the body of
Johnnie Bryant, who died this morn
ing from «.~e effects of injuries receiv
ed in his fight with Walter Robinson,
brought in a verdict of death from
hemorrhage of the brain caused by
the striking of his head on the floor.
No blame attached to the officials
Billiardist Wricht Beats Burns.
"Chick" Wright defeated Dr. O. B.
Burns. 300 to 113, in the billiard.tour
nament last night which is in progress
at Morley's. Wright played 300 to
the doctor's 150. Wright's high run
¦was 95, with an -average of 15 15-19.
Burns' high run was 18 and his aver-'
age> 5 18-19. Sigourney (300) will
play James Morley (150) to-nighL ' ?
BUTTE. Mont.. May 12.— Th« lnqaiwt ¦ <w«
the remains of Frank Trttesi, who wa« shot
by hl« wife durinc a scuffle last . Moadar
evenlri. was held to-day, resultlar In t!»
woman belnc exonerated.
Martinmas Beats Ocean Dream.
. KANSAS CITT. Slay 12.— Elm Rid*re re
e/uJU:
First race, one and a quarter miles, seliinir—
I»on won. Kor.carta e»cond. " Jlnrler third
Time. 2:121$.
Second race. e!x furlongs — J. p Mayberry
*-on. Trj-on second. WJnnlf reda thlrf. , Time I
I:15?».
Third race, four and . a half furlonrs—Bo
jTrji won. Airship record. John Smulskt third
.Time, :G5&. : .., . . r!-,
Fourth race, seven and a half furlonrt
eeHlnir. Kaazaa City World stakes. JIJOO a<«<Jed
— Martir-ir.tj won. Ocean Dream second Crolx
d'Or third. Time, 1:33 ii.
Fifth race, seven furlor.Rs. sellinff — McGee
¦wen. Brarr second. St. Tammany third Time
I:?* 1 *.
Sixth race, four furtoEt* — Adare won
Oeauer •*«»«. I> Grammont third'
Time. :£0.
In the Sporting Spot Light.
Manager Harris of the San Fran
cisco baseball team has sold his claim
on Joe Marshall to the Boise City club.
He received telegrams from the* man
agers of the Toledo and Columbus
nines yesterday asking his price for
Shortstop Gauchnaur, but he refuses
to sell his claim on the man who dis
appointed him.
Captain Pete Lohman of the Oak-"
lands fears that Dunleavy's playing
days are numbered. The fast / out
fielder is suffering from water on the
knee and a bad sprain of the knee
cap. Pitcher Buchanan was hit on
the nose with a batted ball while prac
ticing yesterday and may also be laid
up, for some time.
. Pitcher Oscar Graham is one of the
most dangerous hitters in this or. any
other league. His thrilling home run
on Wednesday is but a reminder of the
many games he broke up 1 last season
with timely, hits. On one occasion,
when his two-bagger in the ninth beat
Los Angeles, he was showered with
gold and silver by admiring fans.
The .members of the Olympic'; Club
will : tramp across country next Sun
day. There will be two divisions, one
for the fast walkers and Another for
those who prefer a" slower , pace. It
will be in the nature of a blind run;
the route not . being: given out, - but '• it
is safe to say the start will be made
from Ross Valley. -« • ';
Jim< Jeffries is taking things easy; at
Harbin Spring. He. contents; himself
with a little road work and handball
in the afternoon. He looks in the
pink of condition. and - is not worryfng
about his coming battle with Munroe.
He.will settle'down to" regular exercise
in a few days. • _^
UNCLE'S TOSSERS BUNCH HITS.
Seattle Nine Goes to Pieces When Op
./¦ ponents Swing Their Bats.
SEATTLE. Wash., May 12.— Seattle
bunched her errors at the same time
San Francisco bunched her hits. - The
result was a walkover for the visitors.
San Francisco outplayed Seattle fat
every point of the game. ' Yerkes held
the*Seattle sluggers at his mercy ex
cept in the fourth inning, when four
hits, one a double by Brashear, gave
the locals three runs. Score;
Seattle— . i San Franclsct) — '¦
A.B. R. H. P.A. A.B. R. H. P.A.
Van H.cf 4 0 0 1 OIHildeb.lf 6;2'2 4 0
Mohlr.2b 4 0 2 1 2,Wldrn,cf 4 11. 2 0
Delah.3bR 1 2 3 2 Meany.rf 2 0 ¦ 1 3 0
Frlsk.lt. 2 112 0 Irwin 3b. 6 2 10 0
Smlth.rf. 3 0 0 2 0 Reitz,2b. 6 1 1 2' 6
Brash.lb * 1 1.10 l'Masey.lb 5 2. 2 13 0
Hall.ss..-4 0,1 0 2 Andsn.ss 4 . 2 0 1 3
Blankp.c 4 0 2 6 l,Leahy.c. • 3 2 1 2 1
Wlllms.p 4 0 0 2 4 Yerkes. p 5 12 0 2
Totals 34 3 8 27 .121 Totals 3» 1.1 11 27 12
RUNS AND- HITS ..BY-INNINGS.
Seattle ...... .J.4O' 0 0 3 0-000 0—3
Base-hits., .j.. 1 0 0 . 4 1-10 1 1— B
San' Francisco... O 4 "0 O'Y.'l. O >7 1 — 13
Base hits. ..;.. 0 2 0 0 0 1 0 5 3 — 11
SUMMARY. .
Errors— Jlohlcr, Delahanty (2), Hall. Blank
enrhlp, Williams. Earned runs — Seattle 2,. Han
Francisco 2. Two-base lilt* — Brashear, Massey,
Irwln. Stolen • bases— Blankenshlp ! (3),. Mean y.
Sacrifice hits — Mohler. ¦ Smith. .Waldron <2),
Mt-any (2). Anderson.- Leahy. ' Bases on balls —
.Off Williams 5. off Yerkes 2. Hit by ball— By
Williams, 1, by Yerkes -3. uitruck out — By
Williams 3. by Yerkes 1. . Time, of game — Two
hours. Umplw — Huston.
Vcquitted of Charge of Poaching.
PET ALUM A. May 12. — G«org»
Brown was acquitted in Judge Parkin
son's court at Penns Grove by % jury
to-day on the charge of poaching. He
was accused of entering the duck
shooting preserves of Carroll & Me-
Arthur on the. marsh lands below
town. John Lop us, who accompanied
Brown, was convicted In a local court
and paid a fine of 530. : f*>^
Olympians Want* to Be at the Ring
side When Benrer Meets Cham
pion Rodenbach.
President William Greer Harrison
of the Olympic Club has acceded to
the requests of members and has post
poned the amateur championship
wrestling bouts until the 26th inst.
in order .that they may not conflict
with the boxing contests to be -held in
Mechanics' Pavilion on the 25th.
The wearers of the winged *"O" are
anxious to be at the ringside when
Sam Berger. the amateur heavy
weight, boxes four rounds with Wil
liam Rodenbach, the champion mid
dle-weight and heavy-weight boxer of
Canada and the United States. Rodeh
bach is training at the Beach Tavern.
He boxes daily with ••Battling" Nelson,
Billy Otts and Tom McGreal. The lat
ter will meet Al Young of the Haw
thorne Club. Jack McCarthy, the
Olympic Club lightweight, who was
matched to fight Bob Lundy. the
lightweight champion, has withdrawn
and Jack Hughes will take his place.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
Fir«t race — Mineoto, ¦ Ort Welles,
Lord of the Valley.'"..'..
Second race — Stuyre, Youn~ Henry.
De KeszLe.
Third race — Dolly Spanker. Savable.
Ortrich.
Fourth nice — Highborn, Raiment.
J>ans«*u«!e.
Fifth race — Bank. Elegant, Drone.
Sixth race — HurRtboume, De Reszke,
Kins: Pepper.
WRESTLING TOURNAMENT
POSTPONED ONE NIGHT
SACRED HEART COLLEGE -
NINE WINS BY DEFAULT
Athletic Representatives of St. Isjnn
tiu.H Fail to Appear on Presidio
Grounds.
The Sacred Heart College baseball
team won the second of the series of
championship games from St. Igna
tius College yesterday by default.
Many devotees of the national game
assembled at the Presidio grounds
yesterday afternoon in anticipation of
the game to be played beteen Sacred
Heart and St. Ignatius. When the
latter failed to appear it as decided
to pit the crack team against the
Lick High School team, which
is in the race against Palo Alto for the
Academic League championship. The
teams lined up:
Sacred Heart. Positions. Lick.
Favor Catcher : Hall
Thcall Pitcher Uastick
Smith 3d base" Hctchklss
O'Connor •• Shortstop Naylor
Boady V. 1st base Heltmuller
Kennedy Cent, field Dearin
Garibaldi Left field Barrieau
Callagnan ...... 2d base Anderson
Hougaard Right field Magerstatlt
Score— R. H. E.
Pacred Heart 1* • 17 5
Lick ••••j- * * *
BROOKLYN MEN REACH THIRD
. ON BUT TWO OCCASIONS
PhilHppl of Pittsburg Pitches hi Great
Form— Brown Shuts Out
Philadelphia.
NATIONAL.
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York ..14 6 ."OOBoston 10 12 .4.W
Cincinnati ..10 8 .«07Brooklyn .... ft 12 .42n
Chicago 11 9 .SSOPittsburg ... H 13 .3S1
St Louis 10 11 .176Pniladelphla. 5 1« .233
. AMERICAN.
. W. L. ret. W. L. Pel.
Boston ...7..17 4 .MOChlcago 12 11 .522
Philadelphia 14 6 .700St. Louts 10 10 .SCO
New York... 10 0 .. r >2«Detroit 7 13 .350
Cleveland 10 0 .526Washtngton . 2 13 .100
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG, May 12. — Cronln was easy to
day and Plttsburg batted itself to victory.
Phllllppl pitched in fine form. Brooklyn reacH
ed third base but twice. Attendance, 3200.
The score : :
R. H. E.
Pittsburg « 10 ' 1
Brooklyn • 0 « 2
Batteries— Philllppt and Phelps; Cronln and
Bergen. Umpire — Zlmmer.
CHICAGO. May 12. — Brown held Philadel
phia down to five scattered hits and backed
by excellent support; easily scored a shut-out.
The Chicago team made their first two runs on
a base on balls, followed. by two singles, and
the other runs on a j two-bagger, a sacrifice
and a single. Attendance, 2500. Score:
H. 1 H. E.
Chicago 4 9 1
Philadelphia 0 5 # 2
Batteries — Brown and Kling; Duggleby and
Roth. Umpire — Johnstone.
CINCINNATI. May 12.— Poor fielding and
almost equally *poor pitching marked the game
between Cincinnati and New York to-day.
Harper became steadier and received perfect
support in the closing innings. .Attendance.
6300. Score: ,-'". - : ,:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 13 13 B
New York : 7 7 6
. Batteries— Harper and Schlel: Matthewson
and Warner. I'mpire — Emslie.
ST. LOUIS. May 12.— The St. Louis Nation
al League team took ¦ the second game of th«
.Boston series to-day. .The visitors again outhlt
the local*, but were unfortunate In not being
able to -bunch their . safe ones. Attendance.
3100. - Score: .
fit. Louis 2 5. 6
Boston :.......... :.- 1 * -1
. Batteries— Taylor and Grady; Willis, Moran
and Needham. - Umpire — Mcran.
-.. AMERICAN. LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. May 12.— Mason pitched
splendid ¦ bair^ for for four innings
and then went to pieces In the fifth, St. Lout*
ucoring six runs before being retired. Attend
ance 2C0O. "The ecore:-- . •
\ ' , , ¦ - -R. H. E.
Washington .:.;....-.; ...7 15 -4
8U Louis .......................... S 8- :0
.Batteries — Mason. ¦ Jacobson and iKittredge;
Sudhoff, ' Glade -and Sugdert. • . ¦ ¦
PHILADELPHIA; May 12— Heavy hltUns;
*>y "the locals rtsulted «ln -another defeat for
Chicago. to-day.'. t Both teams fielded fast, and
; tie -game was Interesting. Attendance,- &SOU.
! Score: ; - - < , - . . ' . ' '~r . ¦ • ;
" - ' R. H. E.
Chicago. "....' 3 4-1
; Philadelphia'. ........ s..... v.... :. 6 14 i
; , Batteries — White, Walsh and Sullivan; Hen
; Uy; anil, Powers. ¦ : . •
i .BOSTON. -May 12.— Boston batted Donovan
i .out < or the bos Id the sixth inning of . to-day**
SCOTTISH BOWLING CLUB
ENJOYS MUCH PROSPERITY
Nearly One Hundred Names Are on
the Membership Role of the
Association. . - v v-.
The regular quarterly meeting of
the San Francisco Scottish Bowling
Club was well attended Wednesday
night. The reports of the different
committees showed the park green to
be In the be3t possible condition and
also an increase in the treasury. There
was also an increase in the member
ship list, which includes nearly 100
names.
¦Two new members were elected and
no resignations were tendered. The
new members are A. E. Lovett anfl
Rolih Rintoul. A motion was unani
mously carried to the effect that the
date for the closing of each round of
the singles tournament be extended
two week?. v V*,;' ","*.--
All of the bowls have been tested.
About six pairs do not meet the re
quirements as to bias. Those that do
have been "stamped with a small "T"
and an arrow.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocjan
First race— Wadn, Kid Weller, Ray«
xnond K.
Second race — St. Cuthbert, Mon
tanic. Joe Martin.
Third race — Sincerity Belle, Dun
dally, Mildred B. .
Fourth race — Forehand, Bnnter, Al
bula.
Fifth race— Black Wolf, Potheen,
Speneorinn.
Sixth I race — Marco, Anna Hen II,
Miss Ma'nners.
Schafly made Oakland's two errors and both
on easy chances. A
NOTES OF THE GAME.
T. Streib's clever throw caught Chase trying
to stretch a single into a double In the ninth.
Newton forgot to use bis high ball and kept
'cm low all the time. Oakland likes the low
boye .
Buchanan seemed due for a beating every
inning, yet he was ever steady and kept out
of bad hol?«. He walked no one and. kept the
ball over all the time. ¦ -,
Louis Jeuness. owner of. a couple of horses
which won oncei tried the umpire's Job yes
terday. He was right there all the time and
worked well. He deserves another try.
Young Streib proved a sensation. He was In
the game all the time and never overlooked a
trick. He made two runs and as many hit.*,
and in the field he behaved like a .veteran.
Pete .will probably give the youngster a fair
trial and he and Julie will then have a chance
to do the brotherly act every once In awhile.
An unusual play was made In the -third,
when Bernard dropped Devereaux's fly. Kru
ger was on first and started for second. Ber
nard threw the ball to Flood, whp dropped It.
Kruger made the base, but slid over it. H?
came near getting back again, but was caught
be'tween the lines.
A little dummy work on the bases and great
throws by Ganley and J. Streib let the Angela
down without a run in the second round. Ber
nard hit it out safely «and Cravath followed
with a drive to the rlghtfleld fence. Bernard
got as far as third. Ganley*s throw to thlri
wan perfect. Cravath in the -meantime was
several feet off first base. Francks threw to
Streib and the latter made a great one-handed
stop. Bernard tried to get home on the play,
but Streib recovered himself and made a per
fect throw to the plate, cutting oft the run.
Otts Will Try Out Kubr Smith.
Rube Smith has been winning his
spurs at San Rafael this week by box
ing all comers, irrespective of size, and
beating them at all points. He has
had visitors of the middle-weight divi
sion and exponents of even greater
bulk, but the Colorado fighter has
played no fa^ cites. He is a deceptive
man in build, looking like a 130
pounder, while - tipping the beam at
fully twelve pounds less, but no mat
ter how big his opponent, he asks no
odds. Smith might be termed a mys
tery locally, as he has won his con
tests so easily that no one can class
htm where he really belongs. Billy Otts
will show how good a fighter Smith is
at the Reliance Club next Monday
night, when they furnish the main
event of fifteen rounds at 142 pounds.
Otts weighed less than 140 pounds
yesterday when he came in from the
road. He will build up from now on.
DEL3IAR SETjECTIOXS.
First race — Barnacle, Cressida, Fer
ronla..
Second race — Passive, Savior Faire,
Liddon.
Third, race— Tower, Trapsetter, Gay
American.
Fourth race — Paul Revere, John
Randolph. Laurel L.
. Fifth race — Lasso. Broodier, N'o
wetn.
Sixth race— Kxnpo. Uranium, Wall.
MOIUXIS PARK ENTRIES.
'NEW YORK. May 12. — The fields at J
s Park continue large and of
" marked class. Ort Wollep. the brother
of Dick Welles, starts in the first race.
• carrying the colors and the hopes of
1he Drake stable. The entries:
Kir^t race, six and a half furlong*. Withers
mile, threr-year-pltis and up — On Welles 106.
llepid Water 106. Fine An 101 Witchcraft
1"1. Oriskany 100. Hippocrates 1<*5, Lord of
"tb«- Valley lOfi. Judge Periton 106. Mineola
101. lOrt Welles and Rapid Water Drake en
try-)
Second race, seven furlcngs. Withers aile.
• -.three-year-olds and up. selling — Witchcraft 103.
¦Stays* IPS, Lord Advocate 111 Go Between
' Ift3, Young Henry 115. l>e Reszke 10S. Tepe«
». Kilogrsm 11«. Baikal 104. Tantalus Cup
" ill. Hyisr.d 1^7. Neither On» 103. Tithor.Ic K7.
IZ!!a Baydcr 97." Ixird Melbourne 101.. Harbor
t>7. Clear the Arena Si.
¦ Third rare, pevtn and a half furlongs. With
ers iu;le. New RorheUe i.ar.<1 leap— Save ble 123.
Pujesman 11?, Lux «'atJa 113. Dolly Spanker
iW. Cckms«y 1<». Ostrich 100, Brigand »7.
Four-.h race, four ar.d a half furlongs, of
Kc'.irre course, maidens, flllie* and geldings
. twt»-yc-«r-cl'Jc— Madam Santa 105, Raiment 10S.
Wcfsinps Last 1<«5. Lerida 1C5. Chieftain 105.
High Born 1CS. Belle Strome 105 Wayward
Jjg.e* 105. Idle Hour 1C5. Lucy Young 1C5" Veto
1<;.">, Actimony 105. Como 105. Salt and Pep
per 105, D«n*eus« 1<T5. Ilace Queen 103.
Fifth race, five furlongs of Eclipse cour»\
¦ maiden eolta t«f>-year-olde — Migrete 10S. Brit
isher 1CS, Drcne 1OR, Tommy Waddell 1CS,
King Thorpe 1CS. Red Friar 10S, Otsego 1CS,
.ns-mtrheon l^s. Elegant 1CS. Invader las
Marricr 1CS. rar.k 108. Leyden IDS Only One
10^. Hildebrand 1<* .."V,
• . Sixth rar*. r.c'.:r»e r!ourt>e handicap
Hur»ttxmm« 126, Gay Bey 122, De Reerke 1P2.
K:n*r Pctt-t 1(>". Di\-inati"n 97. 'Thistle
Hrather 96. Topee 85. Toupee 94.
Wea'fcrr c'.car. Track fast.
The management of Ingleside Cours
ing Park has announced a two-day
meeting for this week. A 112-dog
stake was drawn last night at Pythian
Castle. The first round will be run to
morrow, commencing at 11:30 o'clock.
The stake will be completed on Sun
day. The draw resulted as follows:
Fenil vs. l,*na; Geld Lily vs. Lamperell; Sum
mer Girl va. Manru; Cosrtte vs. Cbnroy; So
fala vs. Toronto: Red Pepper v». Sir Winton;
Fancy Free vs. Bob R; White Stockings vs.
Our Myra; Gold Chain vs. Texas Black Lip;
Intruder vs. Real Pasha: Mark Twain vs. Bud
ding Rose; Doc Burns vh. Dorothy M: Nellie
M vs. Lucky Shamrock; Bella B v». Balendine-
Vina vs. Silent Water: Hera vs Proper;
Queen's Motto vs. Firm Fellow; Gotd as Gold
vs. King's Pride; Creole Belle vs. Real Duch
ess: Glancing Pasha vn. Helen Hayes: Pasha
Pleasant vs. Wedgwcod; Flaunt vs. Northern
Alarm; Frank Dunn rm. Little Sister; Pepper
Jack v«. Meddlesome: Beauty Gold, vs. Articu
late; Belfast vs. Krishna; Imperious vs. Equa
tor; Frisco Lad vs. Golden Garter: Medley vs
Hauchty Helen; Ml Grafter vs. Colored Lady;
Black Coon vs. Idaho Boy: Terra Cotta \».
Lady Royer; Thetis vs. Glaucus: Humbug vs
Lily Wrlsht: Ragged Actor vs. Texas Mamie':
Evil Eye vs. Bright Columbia: Miss Brummel
vs. YotT.s Kerry Pippin; Haddir.gton vs. Jeasi-
Dear; Lily York vs. Young Johnnie Rex: La
boring Boy V9. Luxury; Commercial Traveler
vs. Star Sylvanus; Homer Boy v». Mirage;
Lone Mountain v*. Little Lucy: Frisky Boy v».
Silver Cloud; Aurelia vs. Flower of Kerry"
Pure Pearl vs. Prometheus; Don Pedro vs
Sllevanair.on: Reckless Acrobat vs. Prnmpio*
Hermit vs. Orstna: Fiddler vs. Royal Friend-
Humboldt vs. Apple Blossom; Trlxey vs. Roy
Hughle; Lulu Girl vs. Jerry Wright • Royal
Spirit vs. Walt For Me-: Chips vs. Wattles;
Doreen vs. Trrlee I-as.«.
ENTRIES AT WORTH.
CHICAGO. May 12. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track are:
First race, four furlongs, maiden two-year
old? selling— Butwell P6. Yada 93. Raymond
K V9. Stearlln* Price 09. Kid Weller 102. Mart
Gentry 109. The Trlflef 10&. Gatling Gun 109.
Bernie Cramer 109. Glencreith 112.
Second race six furlongs, selling — Frances
Yowell SS. Ghats 90. Arthur »O. Erlcula 92.
Triumvir 94 Nannan 98, Glen Gallant 99, Arab
101 Allte Virgie 102. Annu 102. Irma's Choice
109* St Cuthbert 109. Eleven Bells 109, Jove
110. Joe Martin 112. Montanic 115.
Third race, four and a half furlonrs, two
year-olds, selling— Clecna 95. Gretchen Hope
»5 Fincerlty Belle 97. Dipper t«S. Mildred B
OS Dundall 0&, Midalma 100, Broadway
Girl 1U2. / '- r -'"¦
Fourth race one mile — Forehand S*. Jerry
I^>-nch B8, Ahoia 05. Albany Girt »5. Postman
V<7 Banter 97 Chambiee 100. Action 100, The
Regent 110. Albula 113.
Fifth race one ar.<1 a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Spenceiian SO. Blackwolf 92. Emperor of
India l<5. Mamselle 97. Mauser 101. Early Eve
101, Potheen 104.
Sixth race six furlongs, selling — St. Merry
!egj« SS Mimon 92. Dusky 94. Sol Smith 100.
Redman 102. Jun<> Collins 102. Marco 102.
Weird 104. Anna Beall 105. Miss Manners 106.
Presentation 107. Zyra 107. Emir 10S, Zibia
110. Censor 112. Frank Kenr.y 112.
Wetther clear; track slow.
Coursing Management An
nounces Return to 2-Day
3Ieetings So Long in Vogue
received a terrible drubbing. Seven
errors by the home team lost the • big
lead they gained in the first part of
the game. The score:
Portland— j Tacoma.—
AB. R. H.P.A.j AB. R. H.P.A.
Drnan.cf 6 12 1 0 Casey.2b 5 2 0 4 2
Spencr.2b4 0 1' 4 0, Hnnrn.cf 6-3-3 3 0
Nadu If 4 0 1-0 ONrdke.lb 6 1 2 10 0
Castro.ss 5 114 "i Ea(fan.«» 5 2,3 13
Beck lb 6 2 2 10 2 Lrncb.3b 5 O 1 1 1
McCde.rf 4 13 0 OMcLhn.lf 5 O 3 1 0
Mrphy.rf 1' 0 1 « 0 Grahni.c 5 1 3 8 3
Frncis.3b4 0 2 3 1 Hogan.rf * 0 | J 2 0
Stlman.c 3 118 4 Thmas.p 4 0 J>
™man P p3 0 0 0 I Totals^*! T i7 30 13
Totals.39 7 14 36 101
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 5 0 0 2 0 0 0 0. 0-7
Base hits ..0 4104111° 2—11
Tacoma 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 3^
Ba?e hits ...112101133 4—1.
SUMMARY.
Sacrince hits— Nadeau. Steelman. Graham,
HoVan. Errors— Castro. Beck (2). McCreedie.
Francis, Druhot (2), Casey. Nordyke. Eagan.
Earned runs— Portland 3, Tacoma 4. Bases on
balls-Off Drufcot '-', off Thleiraan 1. oil
Thomas 4. Stolen bases— Druhot, McCreedle.
Francis Struck out— By Druhot 4. by Thiel
man 2 by Thomas S. Two-base hits— Ea&an.
Castro McLauRhlin. Three-base hits—Steel
man. Spencer. EaRart. Double playe — Francis
to Steelman to Beck: Graham to Nordyke;
Castro to* Francis; Casey to Eagan to Nor
dyke Hits— Off Druhot 5, off Thielman 12. off
Thomas 14. Left on bases— Portland 0.
Tacoma 13. Hit by pitched balls— By Thiel
man 1 by Druhot 1, by Thomas 1. First
base on errors— Portland 1, Tacoma 4. Wild
pitch — Druhot. Passed balls — .Pwelman
\2); Time of rame — Three hours. Umpire —
0"Connell. . r_
112-DOG STAKE
FOR INGLESIDE
Forty- Xlne Contestants Enter in Four
Divisions of the Class Singles
Tournament.
The drawing for the class singles
tennis tournament to be played on
the Golden Gate Park courts on the
15th and 22d insts. was held last night.
Forty-nine players entered the event,
nine each In the first three classes and
twenty-two in the fourth. The first
and second classes will be played on
the 15th and the third and fourth on
the 22d. The drawing resulted as fol
lows: ¦
Finrt class — Preliminary round. O. K- Bates
vs. F. N. Baker. First round — C. J. Grltfia
vs. C. J. Dunlap: O. L. Baker, a tore; J. A.
Cod* t». W. C. Allen; J. D. McGarvln t». H.
E. Routh. ...
Second-class — Preliminary round, H. Lon*
t«. E. P. Finnegan. First round — Miller
Hotehkisa vs. G«orge Janes; N. W. Andersen,
a bye; S. C Gay ness vs. A. H. Brabant; C. E.
Fcley v*. Marlus Hotrskiss.
Third class — Preliminary round, J. R, Rj-aa
t». L C Bczarth. First round — R. Droll*
v«. H. Gabriel: C. C. Eayr*. a bye: J. F. Bra*y
vt. F. C. Adams; J. M. Baker v*. D. M.
Lemon.
Fourth class — Preliminary round. G. M. Gur
rin vs. H. T. Miller; M. V. LlttJ* t«. S. R.
Marvin: T. A. Allan vs. L. S. Howell; M. A.
Edwards v». C. E. Allan: F. Glyrni vs. J.
Davis; F. Wolfson v«. W, L. H^well; N. H.
Martin v*. W. A. WIIjus; L. Gunst vs. M.
Lcng. First round— E. H. Price rm. O. L.
Hall; C. E. Saul m C. S. Quick: F. W. Kerns
vs. L. Joseph: H. Help vs. Dr. Lovegrovt.
DELMAR PARK ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, May 12. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar Park
follow:
First race, six furlonge. three-year-olds and
up. selling- — Charley's Dream 107. Barnacle 101.
John 100. Caelana r»fl. Cressida »6. Feronta 101.
Dagger 102, Graden 10S. Curd Gillock 100.
Wissendine 9S. Harplithe DS.
Second race, four furlongs, two-year-old
maidens— Savctr Falre 108, Arlena. 112. Passive
1CS. The Druggist 10S. A Lady Fafr 112. Wll
lowdine 113. Liddon 115. Braden 115. Sharoa
Springs 115, Inflammable 108. Peach Bloom lid.
Third race, six furlones. 'three-year-olds —
Tower 107. Potter 110, W. P. Palmer 107.
Harry B. Hawes 102. Trapsetter 110. Gay
American 107. Snow C«D 105.
Fourth race, four and a half furlong:?, two
year-oids — Paul Revere 107. Laurel L 103. John
Randolph 100. Varietes 103, Dameron 104, Joe
Graham 100. •• ¦ < -
Fifth race, seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and up selling — Lasso 106. Broodier 107 Now
eta 0t*. Daddy Bender 100. Khaki 110, "dales
lt-2. Sweet Dream 105. La Amanda 0$.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yard*, three
year-olds and up, selling — Pyrrho 10.1, ITranJum
102. Exaco 09. Wall 103, Hucena 101. Otis
Skinner 09.
Weather clear; track s!ow.
TENNIS PLAYERS TO 3IEET
IX TILE PUBLIC COURTS
BATTLING NELSON. WHO 13
~ MATCHED TO FIGHT MARTIN
CANOLE AT WOODWARDS.
Martin Canole, the clever Boston
lightweight, and Battling Nelson of
Salt Lake are training carefully for
their meeting one week from to-night
in Woodward's Pavilion. The former
is at Croll's "Gardens, Alameda, and
the latter at Sheehan's Beach Tavern.
Canole, who made such a wonder
ful fight* with Jimmy Britt at Colma.
Is said to have the best left hand of
any boxer since Jack Dempsey was in
his prime. .
Nelson Is 'more of a fighter than a
boxer- and. from his rugged build and
determined appearance it is evident
he can both assimilate and deliver a
lot of punishment. The styles of the
rival lightweights are so different that
a lively fight is sure to result from
their meeting. It -Is expected either
Jack Welch or Billy Roche will ref
eree the contest, which is being pro
moted by the San Francisco Athletic
Club.
\ The big Doc got his yesterday at Rec
; reation Park. He manged to sail safely
along o'er the stormy seas of many
innings and many games for the past
few weeks, but yesterday it was-cur
tains. The Oaks had a bunch of clubs,
each of which contained one or more
good, honest base hits and of course
the Doc was the fall guy when they
i began to land. Score, Oakland 5, Los
Angeles 1. , \,' # -.->;.;
Oakland let the big' fellow alone for
the first inning, but in the second the
music began to play. With two gone,
Julie Streib swatted for a swei-sacker
to center. Then along v came his kid
brother just from the bushes. He was
nicely received by the fans and every
one wished him well. but. when, the
youngster tore off a hot liner to left
and scored brother Julie, the fans were
ready tobuild him a monument.
The Angels got the run back in the
third, the only tally they cbuld nego
tiate. The big Doc responded with a
double to the score board. Raymond
laid down a bunt and- Flood produced
a single over f second that made the tal
ly possible. -
Newton's real woe did not show till
the next two. spasms. Ganley, partook
of a pass in the third and Buck
Francks pushed out one of his- ancient
doubles to center that scored Bobby.
Then Kruger hit to short and Francks
went as far as third. Devereaux pop
ped a high one to Bernard, who: pro
ceeded to drop the fly and let the run
in. He recovered the ball and' Kruger
was finally caught as he- was trying
to get to- third.
In the next "two rounds they kept af
ter the big fellow and gave him the
wallop regularly. In the meantime,
Buchanan was being hit hard, but not
safely. The Angels got to him- nine
times. In several innings base hits
would have proved to be runs, yet the
Southerners could never come through
when a run was nejeded.
Streib's brother was the great kid
of the game. Besides hitting it out
safely twice, he made a fine catch of
New.ton's fly to short left in the fifth
and during the mixup in the same
round, he cut third base and came in
on a short single without the umpire
seeing him. Wheeler pitched the last
two innings and allowed/ no .hits or
runs. The score:
Oakland— | Log Angeles —
AB.R: H. P.A.i AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganly. rf.3 112 KRaymd, t.3 0 0 0 2
Franks, s.4 1 1 • S '1'FltfwJ. 2t>.4 - 0 1 1" 2 '
Krugr, lf.3 0 13 O.Smith. 3b.4 0 110
Devrx 3b.4 0 1 1 IJBmrd. cf.4 O 1 3 1
Phafly. 2b.4 0 0 2 2 Crvth. 1*4 0 2 10
J. Strb,lh.4 117 2jRoss, lf..:4i O 11 0
T. Strb,lf.3 2 2 4 ljohase, lb.4 0 2 10 0
I»hmn, c.2 0 0 5 VBpies. C...4 0 0 7 0
Bnchn, p.4 0 1 0 S Nwton. p.2 1 1 0 2
Wheler. p.l 0 0 0 1
Totals. 31 5 8 27 12
Tota!s.34 1 9 24 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lo« Angeles O 0 1 0 0 0 O 0 0—1
Base hits 0 22 1 0 1 1 I 1—9
Oakland 0 1 2 1 0 1 0 0 x— 5
Base hits 0 2 2 1 1 20 0 x— 8
SUMMARY".
Hit* off Newton 8. Stolen bases — Kruger.
Cra\ - ath, Devereaux. Errors — Raymond. Schaf
ly 2. Bernard. Two-base hits — J. Streib, New
ton, Francks, Bernard. Ganley. Sacrifice hits
— Raymond. Lohrcan.- First base on errors —
Oakland 1. Los Angeles 2. First ba^on called
halls — Off Newton 2. off Wheeler 2. Left on
hasts — Oakland 7. Los Angeles 5. Struck out —
By Buchanan 3. by Newton 4. by Wheeler 1.
Hit by pitcher — T. Streib. Time of came — 1
hour and S5 minutes. Umpire — Jeuness.
George Murray, erstwhile Olympic
Club welterweight, gained a decision
over "William Stuart, the deep sea box
er, last night at the Mechanics* Pavil
ion Annex. The verdict gave Murray
the fight, but It carried no glory with
it, for the alleged victor was all but
gone when the bout came to an end,
while the sailor lad was fighting his
best and landing rights and lefts at
will.. ; *i'-'''~$,
Murray had the better of the first
round, but in the next two little fight
ing was dene. Murray did not like to
mix with the brawny mariner and kept
away, Jabbing at long range. Stuart
made a hurricane finish. He started
in during the fourth to rush his man
all over the ring. Murray was ready
to quit, for he was getting a severe
beating. The judges disagreed, po
Milton Hayes brought down the wrath
of the house on himself by deciding
In favor of Murray.
The next best bout on the card was
the mixup between Al Elkins and Abo
Label. Label knocked his man out as
they were going into a clinch In the
last round. He got him with a right
swing squarely on the jaw. Elkins
went down and was out for ten min
utes. ¦"•-*"
It was a hurricane fight from the tap
of the bell. Both boys were out for
vengeance, but Label proved the clever
er and the harder hitter of the two.
Many times he shook up his husky op
ponent with right and left to the head
and body, while Elkins found it hard to
land an effective punch.
The rest of the card was at an or
dinary character. James Linegar fin
ished Harry Brown in three rounds.
Ivan Askins succumbed to the blows
of Kid Vedo in two rounds. Jack Brow n
secured the decision over "Walter Need
ham and Mike Kutchos outpointed "Wil
lie Dale. The fights were held under
the auspices of the Lincoln Club.
Julie, Streib's Brother Gets
Into the Game and Does
a Few Startling Stunts
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
"wV L Pet. VT; L. Pet.
Tacoma 2fl 16 .filfiSeattle ......21 18 .338
Oakland .'. ..25 17 .SOBSan Franciscl9 24 .442
Los Angeles.. 25 19 .56SPortlar.d .... 0 31 .225
Abe Label Finishes Al Elk
ins With a Eight Swing
to Jaw Before a Clinch
NErvv- YORK. May 12.— "Wagers were
paid to those who backed Buckleya in
the fourth race to-day, but few of the
. thousands who taw the finish thought
the decision of the Judges correct.
tTThere seemed no doubt but James
It. Keene's Kohinoor won by three
parts of a length, with Champlain sec
ond, a head in front of Buckleya, and
• Xlob Roy fourth, a. neck behind the lat
ter. To the astonishment of nearly
•very spectator the Judges, C. McDow
ell and C. H. Pettingill, ordered up the
„ cumbers of Buckleya, Kohinoor and
Slob Roy in the order named. They
j <Ud not place Champlain among the
first three.
Kohinoor. the favorite, as his prev
ious form warranted, showed a turn of
speed for the first three furlongs, which
Avere run in 26 1-5. seconds, the fastest:
of the day. not even Broomstick mn-
Cing as fast for that distance in his
race. To tho dismay of all good judges
of pace, HUdebfand permitted Kohinoor
to open up a big lvad.- As they neared
the finish Kohinoor appeared to get
straight once more under Hildebrand's
i;se of the whip, and with Champlain
as his n:ost dangerous opponent the
public looked on, confident that the
favorite would last' long enough to win.
According to their eyesight and to that
, of hundreds in a good position to see,
he did win. The summary:
. FIRST JIAjCB — Eclipse course: highweight
JisniJiosp lor-thrf -yrar-i>l<l* «a<i up:
Bettlnir. Horw. Wclcht. Jockey St. \ Fin.
30 to 1— Marjoriam. 103 <liildebr).2 1 • 1 2
7 to 5 — R*liabi«-. 1^* -(ShawJ 6 3 2 2 2
SOtol— Athel. Ill «MoCaGerty). 443 32
* Timt-. 1 :CJ 3-5. Htart' good. Wen cleverly.
; Wliner. .Albcmarle Stable's ch. f. hy Hastlngs
£l«tfy Marian. Sovereign, Lady Mirthful and
|>!1 Go.d also ran. £
S-ECCrCD IIACE— Four and a fcalf furlongs:
¦•in:?-** 1 : two-year -olds:
BPttir.g. Horse. Weight. Jockey St. % Tin.
7 to l'i — Tanya. 107 <t?haw> 3 In 1 Mi
2 to 1 — Blandy 110 UliMebrd) 2 3^21
3u to 1 — Lalite. 107 iH. Phillip*) 1 '- h :> 10
• Time. .M s-r>. Ptan ¦ cood. Won easily.
TVlnner. II. B. rhiryea's ch. f. by Meddler
• Vsnd^run. Slue Coat. Suzanne. Rocamora,
I>ulc(bclla and Fancy Dress also ran.
" THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; purse: for
three- y*-ar-o!<l* and up:
P.euing. Horse wrlght Jnckev. ft, ~ t Fin.
Even— RroomsticK. 9« (Hildbr) 1 *1 H 1 3H
¦ .» to 10— Runnrllc. 114 <Sha«)... 2 3 1 2 3
«. to If)— Joeur.d M <H. Callahitn) 3 2 13
• Time. 1:20 1-5. Start trivid. Won easily.
" W'taner. S. S. Urotvn's h. c. by Ben Brush-EU.
FOtTRTII RACE— Six «n1 a half furlongs:
•«h» Van Nets Selling Stakes for three-year
*»W»:
Betting Horw. Weight. Jockey St. Fin. "
9 to 1— Rurkleya. H'i <Burnst.. 1 3 1 lh
« to 5— Kohinoor. 101 (Hildbr" <5t. 3 16 2h
COtol— Rob Rcy M4B. Fifher). « S 3h
Time 1:121 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
¦Winner. R. H. McC Potter" t> c. e by Buck
. Slassie-Tendrosse. Chamr'.ain. Gold Dome.
iXSobadil. lnquifitii-e <Jirl. Gananogue. Gre<>n
Crvst asd Toi San also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Withers mile; four- year-olds
•nid ur: port*:
J>tt«r.g. Hjr**. 'Weight. Jockey. St. »* Kin.
•*>tf»5— H. Cfc*nw;!or, 1<1C «H!dbd) 1 In IS
«t(i»l — Huttons. !« fRedfemK.. 2 2 2 2 2
6t*'S — R«"d Knight. 106 (Shaw).. 3 3 3~
Time. 1:41. Start good. Won «tsity. Win
der. J. A. r>rake"(5 b, c. by Odd - F*;tow-Leo
r.:'. ¦ ¦¦¦'¦ "aad Mar* II. Only three starters.
PIXTH nACE— Or.e asd a sixteenth mile*.
#>vpt the hill: three-year-olds ar.3 up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
"Siol— M. Dngrfic'd. 122 <J.i!rtn> 2 4 In
2 to 1 — Oarsman 11<» iltedfem)... 3 31 2 4
'e toi— Ros*tint. 107 (Barr.F* I 11 3 12
Tisr.e. 1:4'! 4-5. Start grr>d. Won driving.
TVlnner. W. B. Leeds* ch. h. by Haadjprlni?-
Mcr.aroit. Me'.Elfrringer also ran.
QUITS IX THE SEVENTH
CHICAGO, May 12.— A fast track
with clear, hot weather, together with
a fairly good card, xlrew a big crowd
to-day to Worth track, Oliphant won
his third race of the day on Toscan in
a mile and a sixteenth handicap, the
feature event of the afternoon. Toscan
was at the good price jn the ring of 6
to L Port Royal was favorite at 3 to
2 and was well played. He was beaten
a neck at the wire.
Little Boy went to the front with
Port Royal second and Toscan and
Dan McKenna next. They held these
positions lo the quarter. Then Port
Royal took the lead. On the stretch
turn Toscan moved up and Dan Mc-
Kenna was third. Toscan and Port
Royal fought it out through the stretch,
the former winning.
Four fa\'orites won. No action was
taken in the case of Jockey Henry, who
was suspended yesterday for a poor ride
on Hands Across. Summaries:
FIRST RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-old fillies;- purse: '
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 5 — Clara Berry. 110 (Olphnt) 5 2 1 >4
5 to 1— Lou Merrell. 100 (Xicol). 3 12 2 1%
10 to 1— Lillian Ayres. 110 (Larsn) 4 42 3 2
Time. :55 3-5. Start good.- Won driving.
¦Winner. J. F. Newman's ch. 1. by Rancocas-
Dead Cicch. Dixie Andrews 100, Lady Fashion
105. Ravlana 10O. Stella Allen 110. Charley's
Aunt 115. also ran.
SECOXI> RACE— One mile and seventy
yard*; three-year-olds and upward: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Falkland. 97 (Fischer). . 2 2 nk 1 1
13 to 1 — Sari! la, 100 (Johnson) 5 3 3 2n
0 to 1 — G. Eastern, V» (Oliphant) 1. 12 3 V»
Time. 1:47 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. G. C. Bennett & Co.'s b. c. 3, by
Falsetto-Fright. Ryevale 96. Give Alt 107,
Crmpaas 1C0. Lingo 108, Allopath 109. North
tvind 105, Paramount 105, Louis Kraft S9,
Falernlan 94. Water Tower 107, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Four fu»»ongs: two-year
olfls: purse: i
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 2 — RL.Johnson.10S <Olip't),4 11 13
8 to 5 — Mich'l Byrnes.lOS (Dean) 3 5 3V4'- *?
15 to 1— Vada. 1CS <Coburn> ' 2 3 H 3 1H
Time. :M< 2-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. James Blunte's ch. c. by Bannock
bum-DlsprC'Of. Arthur Stilwell 1C5. Butwell
105 Hopeless 112 and Gatllng Gun 112 also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Mile and a sixteenth;
three-year-olds and up: handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. •; Fin.
r> to 1— Toscan. 10.6 tOlipnantK. 6 2 h 1 n
7 to 5— Pert ItoyaU 10» (Larwn) 3 1 U 2 1
0 tol— D.MeKer.na.lCS(Sheehan) 2 3 2»j3 6
Time. 1:47 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. James Blunte's ch. c 4. by
Hastines-Tcscanna. Ink 93. Huzzah 97. Little
Boy 95, Katie Powers 94 and Rankln »2 also
ran.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
o'fls and up; curse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 1— Bis Ben. 114 (Prior) 3 2 2 Ink
5 to 1— Frontenae. 107 (J.Mathw*) 4 3 4 2 Vj
9t->r> — B. Ormonde. 100 (Fisher). 1 4 2 3 1
Time 1:15 1-5. Start gt>od. Won driving.
Winner". S. W. Street & Co.'s br. gr . 4. by Ben
Strome-Mint Julep. Delagoa lOi and Don
Demo 92. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olif and up; FelUns:
Benin*. Horw. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
.1 to 2— Van Ness. 106 (Fisher). 4 12 14
7 to 1— Early Eve. 102 <Jenkin*>. R 22 2 H
23 to 1— TyphonJe. 112 (Conwiy) .3 SI 3 nk
Time. 1 :27 3-P. Start rood. Won easily.
Winner. 3. W. Schorrs br. K-. 5. by Loyalist-
Ada B. Barkelmore 1<M. Federal 105. Than*
111. Gus HHdorn PS. Colonel Tyler 112, also
ran. -
JUDGES BO NOT AGEEE
ST. LOUIS, May 12.— Frank Collins,
at 20 to 1, surprised the Dookmakers
and the talent by winning: at Delmar
track to-day with such good ones as
Light Opera and Harmakis behind him.
Paul Revere, an outsider, also scared
the form players by running Princess
Orna. to a head in -the two-year-old
event. The biggest crowd of the year
saw the races run.
The weather was clear, but the track
was slow from recent rains. Sum
mary: t >
FIRST RACK— Five , and a halt furlongs,
three-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. 8t. ?i Fin.
5 to 1— S Burch, 104 (MMullen)2 3 6 13
30 to 1— Bird Pond. 95 (Spears).. 1 1 3 2 H
30 to 1—Myrt White, 95 (Barron)5 2^3 1
Tim* 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mre. W. ( Weckherlin'e ch. f. by Silver
Fox-Scarlet Letter. Chrigtelle 100, Symphony
OS. Lady Belalr 100. Pilgrim Girl 104. Mordella
95, Waltcrin 104, Short Cake 112, also ran.
SECOND RACE? — Six furlongs, three-year
olds and upward.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Lady Ray, 89 <Howell)..4 14 12
7 to 2— Stlnr, 08 (Plunkett) 9 5 4 2 10
12 to 1— Thisbe, 9S (Vanderbout).T 4 h 3 %
Time l:20V». Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. R. E. Watklns & Co.'s ch. f., 3. by Lord
Esterling-Glanee. Nan Dora 99, Nabocklish
1OS, Angelo 103, Moroni 112. Velasquez 109,
Dr. Kler 106, E. C. Runte 90, Sweet Dream
107. also ran. .
THIRD RACE — Two- year-olds; four and a
half furlones :
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. % \ Fin.
4 to 1— Prin. Oma, 105 (Austin). 2 2 3 1 h
11 to 2— P. Revere, 10S (Watnon). 3 12 2 8
3 to 2 — Gasconne, 109 (Troxler). 4 3 1 3 S
Time. :SO\. Start t poor. Won driving.
Winner. P. Hayes & Co.'s b. t. by Ornament-
Princess Over. Joe Kelly 112, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Three-year-olds and up;
seven furlongs:
Bettlntr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. Fin.
20 to 1— F.Collins. 92 (Hennessey) 3 12 1 1»4
0 to 2— Light Opera.104 (Mullen) 5 4 6 2 6
13 to 10— Harmakis. B5 (Rice)... 6 6 >a 3 h
Time. 1::«»4. j Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Mrs. Anna Given' s br. B. 3, by Joe Nor
wood-Lady Glyde. Orient 90, Pepper Dick 106.
King Ellsworth 95, Lord Crcssington 100 Kin
dred 1CD. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up: .
Betting;. Hor*«. Weight. Jockey. St. '% Fin.
11 to 2— Frank Rice. 102 (Cocolo) 4 12 15
3 to 1 — Irby Bennett.lCS(D.Aus-) 3 2 8 2 l\i
8 to 5— Velos 100 (Rice) 5 5 31
Time. l:47»i. Start good. Won easily. "Win
ner, Mrs. W. B. Freeman's b. h.. 4, by Dr.
Rice-Francis D. Bard of Avon 108 and Lynch
103 also ran. . <
SIXTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horw, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
6tol — Samper Vivax.tOO(Cocolo) 5 3 2 11
5 to 1— John Dovl». 06 (Davlf).. 3 1 1^2 4
6 to 1— InRolthrift.96 (J.Henn'y) 6 2 2-3 1)4
Time. 1:528;. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. 3. Ogle's b. *.. 4. by Rosslngton-
Scmper Vivent. Lord Haven 9J*. Pathos 101.
Murmur 96 and Dawson 114 also ran. .-
The Big Doc Gets in Wrong
and Peter's Stars Take
Advantage of His Curves
Spectators Think
Keene Colt Is
First.
Eeferee Makes a Serious Mis
take by Awarding Decision
to the Vanquished Boxer
OAKLAND FINDS
NEWTON EASILY
MURRAY BEATS
SAILOR STUART
JUDGES OVERLOOK KOHINOOR
IN A MORRIS PARK RACE
Oliphant Scores
With Toscan
Cleverly.
Long Shot Lands
at the Delmar
Track.
LITTLE BOXERS TRAIN
FOR A SHARP BATTLE
Martin Canole and Battling Nelson, the Light
weights, Are Widely Different Types of Fighters
and Should Give an Interesting Exhibition
PITCHER NEWTON LOSES HIS FIRST GAME IN THE NORTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALt,tFRIDAY#:MAY-13, : 1904.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[EROYtlTTLE
CIGARS
Packoscftpi ¦ f*^!/'
BOX OF FIFTY *
MAUiQPCSTaUOSOt
U8K Sin Tit
LMlltER 1 50MS IS3TWgST SLNY..The, second day of the Columbia
Park Boys' Club exhibition passed off
successfully. The clubhouse at .318
Seventh street was crowded last night,
when a concert was given by the club's
band. • '
Exhibition u Success.
C. La Verna Carvin. the woman
physician of Oakland who \v ar
rested ""on complaint of ~ Dudley
Tait of the State Board of Medical
Examiners on a charge of practicing
medicine without a license and; who
was subsequently acquitted by a Jury,
flled «uit against Tait yesterday for
$10,000 da:.. -.ges. She says her arrest
was an unwarranted Interference with
her rights. Dr. Carvlr i an ' oste
opathist.
Sues Dr. Tait for Damages.
In a suit flled yesterday by Mary
Dolan. aged 60, she asked the court
to compel her niece, Mary.E. A. Flood,
to reconvey to her n piece of realty' on
Howard street, near Twenty-fourth'.
She says Mrs. Flood obtained the
property from her by taking advant
age of her age and inexperience '> in
business matters and deceiving, her.
She al: - asks that Mrs. Flood be com
pelled to account for the receipts from
the property since March. -1903, the
date Jt was deeded to her.
Mrs. Dolan claims that Mrs.
Flrtod ¦ asked her to purchase the
property. She had $2100, and Mrs.
Flood advanced her the other .$500
necessary to complete the purchase
price, promising to give her a home
fo.r the reet of her life. Later Mrs.
Dolan found it necessary to be absent
from the city for some time and be
fore going she put the property in her
niece's name, the latter promising to
account for the receipts therefrom,
which amounted to about $55, a
month. Upon her return to the city
Mrs. Dolan says she asked for an ac
counting, but It was denied and she
therefore filed the suit to recover the
property.
Sues 3Irsf Mary E. A. Mood for Re
conveyan:3 of Realty on
Howard Street.
AGED MARY/dOLAN SAYS
» HER XIECE AVAS DECEIVER
Property-owners yesterday peti
tioned the Board of Supervisors to
open to public use that portion of Lo
cust avenue, lying between Franklin
and Gough streets, as the: same is
delineated on the city's official map.
Want Locust Avenue Opened.
Supervisor Eggers and the Mer
chants' Association, propose to recom
mend to the Board of Supervisors that
provision be made for the erection of
a public station under the sidewalk at
the corner of Mint ayenue and Fifth
street. The station will be larger than
the one in Union Square and will cost
49000.
New Public Station.
The petition of Mrs. La Grande for
distribution to her of half the estate
of her father, Leon P. .Pinchon, creat
ed quite a sensation In Judge Kerri
gan's court yesterday. The petition
for distribution contained the request
that $750 of the J1600 coming to, Mrs.
La Grande be distributed to H. S.
Bridge, who at the request of Mur
phy only a month ago advanced $400
to the petitioner. • The loan was made
to Mrs. La Grande to enable her to
get married, and she gave Murphy a
note for the amount and an assign
ment of her interest in the estate as
security. For the use of 5400. for one
month she would have had to pay
$350 but for the fact that her attor
ney learned that of , the $350 the sum
of $200 was to go to Murphy for his
services in negotiating the loan, and
took steps to prevent Judge Kerrigan
from affixing his signature to the de
cree of distribution.
Judge Kerrigan took the matter un
der advisement, but before doing so
expressed himself rather forcibly on
the methods of money lenders. He
said: "I think it is about time that
something should be done to prevent
people from taking advantage of the
necessities and inexperience of per
sons -who happen to -be, in the need of
a little ready money."
Mrs. Ln Grande Borrows Money on
Prospective Inheritance at High
Rate of Interest.
AGREES TO PAY $350 FOR
A MONTH'S USE OF 5400
. The Sixty-sixth and Sixty-seventh
companies, Coast Artillery, are also on
the Sherman. They will be stationed
at the Presidio.
The Sherman, with the Twenty
ninth Infantry, is due here on Sunday.
Colonel Devol thinks she will arrive
late In the afternoon. The Twenty*
ninth will only remain at the model
camp at the Presidio for a few davs.
It will then go to its respective sta
tions, as follows: Headquarters, band.
Second Battalion and Company L will
go to Fort Douglas, Utah; First Bat
talion will go to Fort Bliss, Tex.; Com
pany I to Whlpple Barracks, Ariz., and
Companies K and M to Fort Duchesne,
Utah. - ¦-' -V .
Major John H. Williams has gone
to San Diego to inspect the gunners
stationed there.
Colonel H. C. Ward, Fifteenth In
fantry, called at headquarters yester
day and spent an hour in conference
with General MacArthur.
Major Samuel W. Dunning, adjutant
peneral of this department, received a
cable from Honolulu yesterday stat
ing that the body of Henry Voelker
had been recovered. Voelker belonged
to the Hospital Corps and was a pas
senger on the Thomas. He fell over
board from the transport while it
was lying at Honolulu and was
drowned. The remains were buried at
that place.
AIKEX'S TRIAL RESUMED TO-DAY
The trial of Lieutenant W. B. Aiken
will be resumed before the court-mar-
Ual at the Presidio at 10 o'clock this
morning-. It is reported that strong
testimony will be brought to clear the
young lieutenant of the serious charge
pending against him.
The Third Artillery Corps band will
render the following programme on
the post parade ground at 3:30 o'clock
this afternoon under the direction of
Chief Musician Armand Putz: -
Medley march. "Sergeant Kitty" (Sloane);
overture. "Light Cavalry" (guppe); novelette,
"A Whispered Thought" (Charles, Johneon); ee
lection. "Faust" (Gounod): duet' for flute and
clarionet, "Lo! Hear the Gentle Lark," with*
original cadenzas as performed by Ollmore's
band, rendered by Corporala Leroy and Stasi
owski; popular two-step.. "Dora" (Lee John
son)
I am greatly annoyed by all the publicity
which has been given to this affair. I am a
eoldler and have been for thirty-two years.
For the last ten days I have been so harassed
by this affair that I can hardly do Justice to
my work here, and I have plenty of wo fit to
do In this camp.' I can assure you. I was en
gaged to Miss Harold after the very ehort
courtship of ten days. I found soon after the
engagement that neither of us could be happy
when married, and I deemed It my honorable
duty as an officer and a gentleman to so In
form the lady. A matrimonial alliance be
tween us would, have been positively devoid of
any happiness. The matter has been all stirred
up In Washington by people who I presumo
think they are doing a friendship to Mii« Har
old. They are certainly doing an unwise thing,
to bring the lady's name before the world at
large. I am a friend of Secretary Taft, and I
do not think for a moment that he believes that
I am painted in true colors in these charges.
The next time I see a petticoat coming any
where near me I shall feel like running and
jumping Into the bay.
Colonel Pitcher does not deny that
for a short period he was engaged to
Miss Caroline Harold; he does deny
that he ever jilted her. Colonel Pitcher
said yesterday:
AXXOYED BY PUBLICITY."
I do not wish to make a direct charge
against Colonel Pitcher In regard to his having
Jilted ill* s Caroline Harold, because It would
bring the lady's name into too much public
prominence, but I wish to show the authorities
at Washington what sort of a man Colonel
Pitcher is. I simply want to brlcg to the no
tice of the heads of the Military Department
this afTalr of the colonel's with Miss Harold.
I think the Government should, be Informed
as to the doings of Its servants. ' >j', ~ ? ¦•¦;;
Colonel William til" Pitcher "is wroth
over the unpleasant' notoriety which
has been forced upon him", and. which,
says he, he In no way deserves. He
blames Colonel Stephen C. -Mills, an
inspector, general at Washington, D.
C, "for all the trouble in bringing a
matter entirely of- a private nature
before the public gaze.
Colonel Pitcher says "that Colonel
Mills, for some reason unknown to
him, _and. without consulting. him, ad
dressed communications to General
Adna R. Chaffee, chief of staff, and
also to Secretary of War Taft upon
the subject in question.' ';.'%%
In his communication to the chief
of. staff Colonel Mills is reported to
have stated as follows: '/^r ? A
Drowned Soldier Buried at
Honolulu— General News
a nd Movement of, Troops
VOEfcKER'S BODY FOUND
Benson further stated to me that he- was
going to call on certain Senator* this after
noon (naming Senators Perkins and Foster)
and have them «ee the President In reference
to this same subject (the 8000 lieu selections
and the 27.0C0 timber and stone entries sus
pended by the department In connection with
the Investigation of alleged frauds). Benson
satd there were a . number or selections, made
by C. W. ClarKe which wore absolutely- cor
rect, and that he wan going to have his.at
torney*. Brltton. and Gray, make an effort to
get these. Clarke cases relieved from suspen
sion.' He said he - was going , to have these
Senators (Perkins and Foster) ' see the Presi
dent and. uscertaln If he would stand for .these'
suspensions. He wanted to know whether . the
President would stand ¦ by this ¦ order of sus
pension and thereby affect ths political aspects
of the two State* of California and Oregon.- .
Benson •*. ahw stated : "There are - many
pointers that I don't talk to you about. - I'm ft
pretty foxy old man.' ¦ -, •»•<•> - v -
Benson told me that he and Hyde were not
partners in this matter. ;: ,
• The only other Important testimony
of the day was that of Colonel Benja
min F. -Allen, ; forest superintendent at
.Los Angeles. . . Heney brou ght o.ut the
fact that the reports the witness sent
to the. General Land Office recommend-'
irig the creation of forest • reserves In
Southern California were the work 'of
Hyde." Allen furnished Hyde with a
Earlier in the day Heney read in evi
dence the following extracts from the
confession of Woodford D. Harlan of
the General, Land Office, made under
oath on December 19, last:
"Who .was it that was behind the
scandalous Oregon bill you referred
to*" DimohdvWas asked.
"I don't remember," he replied.
BENSON SAYS HE IS POXY.
In reading the last letter, which Di
mond admitted he wrote on his type
writer, 'Heney commented significantly
on the '.fact that the noun "advice"
was misspelled "advise," just as in the
anonymous letters which Dimond de
nies he wrote. ?i/>
(1) From letter, Dimond to Browne, Feb
ruary 13, 1903 — I have even had an Interview
with the departmental gentleman (Steece)
which will result in the greatest- benefit to
Hyde. In the few days I have been home I
have put him so well over on the safe side
of the danger line that if I were permitted
to work my plans out to a conclusion I am
willing to snap my fingers at anything the
department may do. S
<2) From letter. Dimond to Browne, February
20 1903, relating to the death of Miss Far
well — In view of the condition this left Hyde's
affairs in I could not but feel In spite of
the views he has expressed that I should
modify ray leaving so he would suffer as little
from the los^ as possible, and with that end
In view I* proposed to him that Instead, of
mcvlng I would for the present remain and
rent from him my present offices, engage my
owi. clerk and procee«l to build up my. own
business, only using his clerks for his work,
which I would continue to supervise and at
tend to reducing the compensation therefor
to conform with his statement that his re
quirements were to grow less and that I would
continue to reduce It from time to t-ime as . his
business Uecieased. • • • The Inspectors
hav e Jeft and again the conditions have
changed, for they went away with nothing
that can help the Government and very much
disgusted with the results of their, investiga
tions. The bill in Oregon failed, but fortu
nntely no one learned who was behind It. so
no scandal will result therefrom, as I had
feared. I must withdraw the advise to let
tho business alon* so lar aa the standpoint
of safety is concerned, and barring any other
reasons, therefore, you can. ; I think, feel, at
liberty to take .any business that may be sent
on. It Is this situation that Justifies my de
laying my move so as to make the most ad
vantageous arrangement possible.
Dimond testified that he had received 11000
from Browne In Washington and hence did
not press Hyde ."or money between March 1,
when he claims to have left his service, and
December 22, when he called ht» former client
to his office and "boned" him for cash. . The
letter*, however, show that he received only
$400 from Browne early in the year, and that
he never *ot $1000 from him.
Dimond said that, because of Hyde's irregu
larities, he had made up his mind before
March 1 to leave htm. and that his demand of
$5C0 a month was made because he knew Hyde
would refuse . It. and thus eive him a good
excuse for getting- out. I asked him whether
he had not offered to remain at a lower, sal
ary when Hyde's clerk. Miss Farwell, died
and he denied it. The letter* contain his ad
missions to Urowne, that he used every en
deavor to remain In . Hyde's service, even
offering to accept a descending scale of
palary -
He denied that he used the fact of Benson's
arrest to hold up Hyde, and that he had never
threatened to take a fee from the Government
for prosecuting his former client. The tetters
enow Just th« contrary.
The letters read by Heney were in
part as follows:
"For what purpose a these letters
offered?" demanded night. •
"To show that Dimond's testimony
Mas false," answered the Government
lawyer, and. forth with he furnished the
following bilh-tDf particulars:
The production of these letters by
Heney Is one of the surprises of the
case, but its explanation, is simple.
Throughout Dimond's testimony Browne
has been quoted constantly In justifica
tion of the acts" of the witness: It was
on Browne's suggestion, Dimond said,
that he had written Hyde the letter of
January 22, 1903, telling his client that
he had made money so fast and grown
so careless that he was in danger of
criminal prosecution for offering the
Government California and Oregon
school lands obtained by the use of
fictitious names and other Irregular,
methods. It was Browne's advice, he
added, that led to his .break with Hyde,
after the latter had failed to prove his
school land titles Tood by ¦ means
Browne and Dimond had dictated. Thus
Dimond and his counsel have constant
ly argued to Commissioner Heacock
that Dimond was no more culpable than
Browne.
"If that is so," said Heney ten days
ago, "Mr. Browne will hear from us."'
§ The publication' of this • remark
brought a vigorous protest in the shape
of a telegram from Browne in self-de
fense. He objected to • being used as
a stalkln^ horse. In due time Judge
Pugh, the Interior Department attor
ney, who is aiding Heney i.i the case,
received a bulky package J containing
all the letters that passed between Di
mond and Browne.
The letters were not read into the
record without vehement protests from
Dimond and his attorney, Samuel
Knight. Their surrendi • to the Gov
ernment was denounced as a breach of
friendship. •
WHAT THE LETTERS SHOW.
Francis J. Heney, special "counsel for
the Government in the land frauds
case, yesterday threw a bomb into the
camp of the defense by producing a
mass of correspondence 'between Henry
P. Dimond and his friend A. B. Browne
of the Washington law firm of Brltton
& Gray, tending to. contradict Dlmond's
testimony as to his relations with his
codefendant and former client, Fred
A. Hyde.
Browne's firm had acted ae Hyde's
counsel in many cases before the Gen
eral Land Office' at' the capital, and on
going to Washington in the summer
of 1901 Dimond was instructed by his
client to obtain and follow their ad
vice in prosecuting the Hyde-Benson
lieu land selections. - This arrangement
led" to an intimacy between Dimond and
Browne, and finally to a series of .let
ters after Dimond's return to San
Francisco. These faithfully reported
all the attempts to extract additional
compensation from the unwilling Hyde.
Browne was told of the anonymous
letters which Dimond says he re
ceived. Browne was i informed that
these letters had been shown to Hyde,
and he was also consulted as to the
possibility of Dimond's receiving a
Government retainer to join, in .the
prosecution of the land frauds, con
cerning v.hich he reminded Browne
that he was fully posted.
BROWXE REPUDIATES DIMOXD.
supply of his official paper and Hyde
had drafted the reports, at the same
time - preparing the maps that went
with them to Washington. Allen said
that he provided some of the data for
these reports and Hyde the balance.
The school sections, 16 and 36, were
always included in the areas recom
mended for withdrawal. Hyde and
Benson operated in school lands.
"It was a general opinion among th«
land agents,": said Allen naively,
"that it was a good thing to be on
friendly terms with Hyde."
Knight, asked for a writ of attach
ment to compel the attendance at Mr*.-
Belle A. Curtis, whom he charged with
evading the service of a summon*
since his attempts to connect her with
the authorship of the, anonymous let
ters. The, commissioner refused to 1«
sue the writ, but Marshal Shine will
make every effort to have the lady In
court this morning. ¦
Judge Cabanlss' courtroom was
crowded with striking stablemen and
their sympathizers while the charge of
carrying dangerous weapons against
Thomas White. Joseph Egan and Rob
ert Hayes was being heard. The de
fendants were arrested on complaint of
a non-union hostler, who alleged In
timidation, n Hayes' possession was
found a "knuckle duster," while White
had an iron wrench in one of his pock
ets. The case against White was con
tinued till to-day, Egan was dis
charged and Hayes must show cause
why he was equipped with the "knuckle
duster."
"At any rate." said his Honor, "the
claim of marriage would not make
your reckless pistol practice less rep
rehensible, for husband-shooting" Is
specifically prohibited by the statutes.
And ev»n irit were not so. the hand
ling of a pistol by a woman must al
ways be regarded as a menace to pub
lic safety."
Ella Beatlle. who discharged a re
volver indiscriminately from the win
dow of her boudoir at Mason and Ellis
streets last Saturday night, pleaded
neglect by a man to whom she bore
hymeneal relationship, but her inabil
ity to prove wifehood resulted in Judge
Mogan pronouncing her guilty of dis
turbing the peace and postponed sen
tence' till to-day.
Jane Ba*llnger, who has spent about
eleven and a half of, the past twelve
years in Jail for vagrancy, was give.i
three months more yesterday by Judge
Mogtm, before whom it was proved
that she had been helplessly drunk in
front of a public Fchoolhou.se at Fourth
and Clara streets.
This woman is the most pitiable spec
imen of her sex in San Francisco.
From respected' wifehood she has,
within a dozen years, fallen to the very
lowest depths of degradation, and it
is a matter of a very brief time until
death from alternating dissipation and
imprisonment will relieve the commu
nity of her presence. There are many
homes in the city in which she was
once a welcome visitor, but her hope
less depravity has outworn the char
ity of the most patient Of those who
were her friends.
Mrs. Bingham, who is held for vag
rancy, shows evident reluctance to
prosecute the fellow who vowed to
cherish her. but the Society for. the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children had
taken un the case and will press the
charge that Is likely to result in Bing
ham's incarceration for a long term.
Not long ago Judge Mogan disposed of
a somewhat similar case by sentencing
the defendant to terms of imprison
ment aggregating eighteen months.
Bingham's trial is set for to-day.
It was a sickening story of masculine
depravity that Judge Mogan heard
while issuing a warrant for the arrest
of Abe Bingham on the felony charge
of permitting his wife to be an inmate
of a disorderly house. The woman,
who is known- also as' Pearl Crossley.
reluctantly told how Bingham had
forced her to lead an immoral life to
support him and their two children,
and -of how he -had thus been main
tained for years, although he is sound
of mind and body. He made all the
arrangeme'nts for her sojourns in sev
eral bagnios and has kept the two
children, little girls, where they could
not avoid cognizance of their mother's
shame.
. James Leahy was In Jocular mood
when he boarded an Ellis-street "owl"
early yesterday morning, and after he
had vainly endeavored to find a
kindred spirit among the other pas
sengers he espied the conductor's
lunch basket and resolved to have
some fun with it. So he raised the
lid and extracted the^ edibles, fa
cetiously commenting on their quality
and holding them up for inspection
until their owner entered from the
rear platform and angrily denounced
his conduct. Mr. Leahy tried to con
vey to the indignant transfer puncher
a share of the sense of humor that
possessed himself, but without success,
and theri he, too. became angered and
indulged in language and actions that
provoked arrest.
"And yet." said Judge Fritz, survey
ing the* rather sober^ visage of Mr.
Leahy, "the laugh-loving public is
yearning for fun and the theater man
agers are pleading inability to pro
duce it, while you, s=ir, are wasting im
promptu comedy upon the sleepy in
mates of 'owl' cars. The stage is hun
gering for you, Mr. Leahy, and after
you have paid a fine of $5 you will be
at perfect liberty to drive away dull
care at a fabulous salary per/*^-
But the woman's face did not sub
stantiate Mr. Griffin's airy plea. Both
eyes were discolored and swollen and
her nether lip bore a fresh scar. Mr.
Griffin smiled serenely as he glanced
at his handiwork, but the smirk sud
denly faded- when Judge Mog^n held
him in $500 bail to "reappear to-day
and instructed the officer to bring
more testimony.
So spoke M. Griffin, -who- keeps a
saloon on Taylor street, between Turk
and Eddy, when asked to say some
thing in response to a patrolman's
v-'harge that he had battered the coun
tenance of Mabel Edwards, his con
sort. .
"Xothin* to it — little tiff — merely
shoved her face— didn't hurt her a
bit."
although she was not licensed to sell
spirituous liquors. It was not so much
r«? PO»ceman's charge, as the un
,v i 1 ? le ligilt in -which its publicity
would place her before her neighbors,
that piqued Miss Wilson, she said,
inaeed, she considered the officer's
charge too silly for anything.
let, according to . the. officer's tes
timony, It was those same neighbors
"If, 1 first called his attention" to Miss
Wilson and informed him that she
was violating the municipal revenue
jaws. Acting upon this information,
ne donned plain apparel and called
°" the lady and she fairly flew to pro
vide iiim with and ¦ accept payment
for the w-hisky he ordered.
Miss Wilson was too deeply shocked
by the officer's disclosure to prepare
a defense instanter and Judge Mogan
gave her till May 19 to recover
equanimity and prove character.
*. V'rS e Pearson, who shot William
"""~v '"" *he head and then endeavored
-.* ¦-. ; :>e arrest by leaping: from" a
• • ;?fy window ot the Carroll
,.::£(• on Sixth street, was held by
•Ji.ii.ce MoRan to answer in the Superior
;¦*'."• with bail fixed at $2000.
occurred on the night
"-."'. urday, April 16. In the apartment
._ i" woman named Alice Evans, who
".- ix-Se under $500 bond as a witness.
,>he" v-as tete-a-tete with a naval fire
:-*an* named. Baine, from Vallejo, when
VgkteOn entered the room and In jeal-
.< us -rage struck her face. Her cry of
.y.>.rra. attracted Ford and when he en
• . red -the apartment Pearson shot, him,
the bullet entering his cheek, where it
m.-,< remains. Then the would-be mur
u<.rer Van to a window and leaped out,
;.:isrhtins Upon a shed forty-five feet
below and sustaining severe Injuries.
BotTi men were taken to the Receiving
Hospital, while the woman was jailed
to serve as a witness for the prosecu
•non, .a,s she showed unmistakable re
..iuotance to prosecute Pearson. She
has a husband somewhere and cheer
«fully -.ackncrwledges possession of a
;.irga".Etaff of masculine admirers. In
ciijdin'g the two men who so nearly
me* death through her frivolity.
° ¦- .*" ¦> • • •
"•^V-agrancy was the charge against
.^hnrr.as McQueen, of middle age and
£^iz£ied. countenance, but he proved
. possession of ability to "•hustle" when
,net ; 4s-rnust.
•"If.you let me go," he said to Judge
•Frftz, .'Til swear off drinking for as
•jo>»g-.as you may suggest."
". ">£ake it a year," was the response,
• "«nti I'll give you exactly fifteen mln
bXe* to return to this court with a no
.taf.y.s?. certificate that you mean busi
bfHK. : Now skip!"
". 2'^iii«tias skipped and twelve minutes
•latf*-.rke reappeared before the bench
•tyhV.the dc-cument demanded and a
4:leirn-Ehaven face,
•."^housht I'd get a chin-scrape, as I
•had six minutes to spare." he explaln-
o ed: -.fondling a shiny Jowl.
• "&r: 'McQueen, you're a wonder."
, said n"i» Honor, "and your barber's no
slouch himself. Go home."
-. ¦ • • •
— £<3n1und Leighton, longshoreman,
•failed- to orovide for his motherless
.cr,K-aren. and his lJ>-year-old daughter
complained that she Is compelled to
• £u*ppo.rt two younger sisters, a little
brother and herself and to keep house
fo? the family at 1403 Montgomery
etrtej. The neglectful parent spent all
'fcis earnings for drink and did not hesi
tate i.0 eat the bread provided by the
riard'toil of his first-born.
., After he had heard the girl's story
a«u the defendant's miserable excuse
and apepal for mercy. Judge Mogan
"precsril»ed a sentence of three months
; William Mulcahey despairingly con
"fes'sed failure of the memory test to
which he had been suggested by Judge
Jlogan. He was arrested last Sunday
afternoon at Kearny street and B.road
• x\|ay • for drunkenness, and when he
seated in court on Monday that he
cculd not tell how he got there, as
r&eo^ecticn left him on Sunday morn
ing* at the foot o* Third street, the
Judge continued the case from day to
; to see if the defendant's recreant
memory could not be persuaded to fill
.th* void By hard straining Mr. Mul
cah£y gradually remembered his north
• ward rsrctfrreFS until he arrived at Cali
fornia and Kfarny streets, but past
•tha.t_ point his mind could not convey
him., although he lost much sleep In
• mental wrestling.
"N'o use trying any more." said Mr.
sorrowfully, "for my brain
Is about played out."
• "Jt's too bad." was the sympathetic
'response." "that a seven-block blank
must ever remain on your life. Better
go hack to the tanks and give your
JbVain a twenty-four-hours rest."
;-¦*. „ • • •
' fhe Insanity Commissioners will ex
amine Denis Gallagher, a 19-year-old
lad. who was arrested for being unable
to* satisfactorily account for his pres
ence! in the house of Fred Hall, at 1303
Bush street, on the night of May 5.
•As' he sat among the prisoners In
Judge Mogan's courtroom Gallagher
emlled in a silly way at every one
**hose glance he caught, and when
placed -before the bar he chuckled audi
bly'and made wry faces at the Judge.
It was reported that during his incar
ceration in the City Prison he had act
ed lffce a thorough imbecile, and the
policeman who arrested him also con
f^kted doubt cf his sanity.
-" . ,¦¦•...• • ¦
TTHh much Jndignation Bessie Wil
pon denied the statement of Police
•m«n J. A. Reed that she had sold
v hlsky in her flat at .603 Jones street.
Colonel Piteher Is Wroth
Because Affairs of Heart
Become Public Property
Correspondence of Defendant and His Washington
Friend Is Heney' s Last; Surprise to Defense in
Land Frauds Case — Reports Drawn by Hyde
-H-dd in $2000 by Judge Mogan for Shooting Wm
- ; ;Ford in the Head in Sixth-Street Lbdging-House
;;. s While Frenzied by Jealousy Over a Woman
BROWNE SENDS LETTERS
RECEIVED FROM DIMOND
BLAMES MILLS
FOR PUBLICITY
GEORGE PEARSON MUST
FACE SUPERIOR COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL,, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 1904.
11
/FREE! FREE!
AN-ALUailNCM
qUP.
You Will Appreciate Its PULL
VALUE on Your N^XT
OUTING.
We offer thls^premlum r.s an
indncement for you to test the
pulling: power .of our classified
COlUKJUS.
Free 'Friday nml Saturday for
SUNDAY/WANT ADS.
RAIIAVAY TRAVEIi.
CALIFORNIA
L IMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 0:30 ». m., tajrott^h 2a 3 days.
wltli dinar and an trappings.
Other Santa T* Trains:
Vani" S"l for 8tockton. Fresno. BakenSell.
lloopi m.} Merced. Haatord and Vlaalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kaaaaa City. Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Tenrrr Depot. S. F. Also 1113 BroAd-
wmy. Oakland, Cal. 37 Sontu Tixnt St,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
• SAN FRAN01SG0 AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COMPASTT.
Tiburon Terry. Toot of Marirt Strtet.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAW KATAE1.
WEEK DAXS— 7:3O, 8:W, ».0O. 11:00 a. m. ;
12:33. 2:30. 3:40. 6:10. tt:S0. «:30 aad U:3O
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip tt 1:30 p. ra.
SUNDATS— 7^0. 8:00. 9:3f>, U:00 a. m.: 1^0.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:36. 11:30 o. m.
SA2T RAPAEL TO SAN FXAWCI3CO.
WEEK OAYS — 6:««. 6:50. 7:33. 7:30. 9^2uL
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. 12:0O. 3:4a 5:0O. 3i2O.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43
P. nu.
SUXDATS— «:3O. 7:35. B:2O. 11:13 a. m.; 1:45
3:40. 4:50. 5:00, 5:26. 8:23. 7:50 p. m. tKx-
cept Faturdays.
Le**i j la Effect 1 Arrive.
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- . I Sun- I Week
Daya. | days. | Uon. I days, f Day*.
~~ 1 :J S.* ' 7:45a 7:43a
13°. * S :^* 8: *O* »-'40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignaefcx 10:2Oal0'2Oa
2:SOp 2:3frp «:00p «:2t> p
0:10 p 6;10p «;20p 7^3 p
7:25 p
- j 8:43 p
7:30al7::»a 7:43 a 7-43 a
8:0Oa~:POa N'ovato. 10:2O»10-2Oa
2:30 p 8:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p «:2J>p
5:H).p 2:30 p and 7:23 p] 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa, Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30a^7:30a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 6:0Ua Fulton. 7:23 p «20p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:43 p 7:23 p
Windsor. j
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburr. 110:20 a 10-20 a
Lytton. I
2:S0p 2:30 p Oytervllle. 7:23 p 7:23 o
Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 7:30a| Hcpland 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| andUklah. I 7:25 p| 7:23 p
I I WllliU. " j T '
7:30 a| 7:30at Sherwood. | 7:23 p( 7:23 p
8:00 al 8:0O a| Guerneville and 110:20 a!10-20 a
2:30 p( 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:43 p| «:20p
»-?0» 8:0O.j [j 8:40alS:4O»
6:10 p 9:30 a] Sonoma. «:0ODfe:2t> 3
5:10 p| Glen Ellen. 8:45 p|
r-S*II : S a l - jioT2oV;io:2o *
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. f 7:23 p( «:so p
STAGES connect at Santa Hoaa for WnTT*
Sulphur Spnnss: at Fulton for Altrurla an.|
Mark We«t Springs: at Lytton for Lytt >u
Springs; at Goyserville for Skarsa Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boonevllla 'and
Green* ocd: at Uopland for Duncan Sprlnxi
Highland Srrlnsa. KelseyvUle. Carlsbad
Springe. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlnt-
Sprlngs: at Ukiah for Vichy Sprloys. Sarato«^
. Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel D«ll Laie. W«tt^ r
BprlnK*. L'pper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Rlrerslde. Llerley'a Buknell*.
1 Eanhedrln Heights. HuUvlUe Orr'a U-t
Spring*. Halfway House. Comptche, Carna
Bievjns. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brag •
Westport Uaal: at Wllllts for Fort Brag X *
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytoul
vllle, Cum.nlns. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ot-
sen*. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwofid. ScotU.
and Eureka.
Saturday 'O Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced tates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C30 Market street. Chronic!*
bulldlns.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A«t.
1^^^^^ ROSS VALLEY.
CAZADERO, Etc.
Suburban Service. Standara Uau^e Klsctna—
l.'cpart trotu San Francisco Dally 7:00. «.0l>.
»:GO. l0:t0. ll:0o a. m.. 12:2(1; 1:45, a:13. 4:15.
&:15, tf:15, 7:00. »:45. 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 5:23. 6:33. 7:40, 8:33. 0:33. 11:03
a. m.. 12:1*0. 1:45. 2:53. 3:43. 4:43. 5:45. «:43.
8:43. 10:2O o. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Daily. 5:43. 6:53. 7:32, *:53. 9:33.
1t:2O a. ru.. 12:33. ?:0O. 3:15. 4:05. 5:03. «:03.
T:CV tf:0a 10:33 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
S:V0 a. rn. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
6:15 p. ra. week days (Saturday excepted)—
ToinuWx and way stations.
:i:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
•tat tons.
i>.iniay<> only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyea and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE — «20 Market rt.
FT*RHY — ttnton Depot, font f>f Martc»t «t.
j^SSa^Ji MENANDWOMEK.
Cm Bt j O for onnatnrai
> t. h4Mti?(M dlschargss.lnflaaimatlona,
fiutuuiTl trriutlaas or ulceratioa*
pi&f MtmiriMn." of mucous msmbraaea.
F> *j ptmwIb Ce»u«w«. palaisM, Aad not astrla*
ffTTlrHEETMSCMEMIWlCl tsat or poltonous.
«2kai«UATi.l4ng WibyDnutUU,
TKfiHSX. ILB.A. jSSC •' »*Tit In plain wrapper,
*W^&wT ZJGrSA *>* exprMS. prepild. fai
VVraSmSafirrrfB ij.oo. or * botUes *2.7A.
H Clrcola/ sent on taaaeafc
fl Patents* j
MA/WET ST. 5p^SS^
RAILWAY TRA\-EIi.
/Q/^^^-^v/^X d ue to arrl t* •«
I f iumir i"*i
I"* r* Bf i!<&TO* TA ] I 8AN >"RANCISCO.
A^VS/W FacMAr^lfcMOi.-
I \ \s (Koot of Market 8tre«t)
! J->*^« - MAIN LINE. -A»aiT«
700a Vaca»llU. winters Hutntej 760r
700* Beniclit, Solian. Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 7-20r
7 JO* Vallejo. Kapa. Callitofn. Santa
Kot«. Martinez, 3»n Ramon 6 20r
7-30* Nllm, Llrermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7.20'
800a Ehatu Exprett— (Via Darla),
Wtlilamt (for BarUett Spring*).
Wlllowa. trruto. Ked Bluff,
Portland. Taeoma, Seattle 7.50'
8-COa D»Tl».Wood]»od. Knlichti Landing.
Maryinile. Orovtlle 7-50»
8S0a Port Costa. Martinez. Antioch,
Bjron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Lo» Bxnoa. Mend ota.
Armona, Hanrord. Ylialla,
Porterrllle 4J2Q*
850 a Port C«»ta. Lathrop. Mod en to,
Merced, freino, Uoihen Junc-
tion, Uanford, Vlsalta, Bakert-
fleld ' 4.50*
•40a Klles, San Jo«e, Ltrermore. Stock-
ton, (tMllton). lone. Sucraroento,
riacerrllle. Marjsrllle. Chtco,
Ued Bluff 4-20'
8. 50a Oakdale. Chinese, Jameitown. 8o-
nora. Taolumne and AnreU 4-20r
9.00a At'antlcExpreM — OKdeaandEatt. 11.20*
8-30a nichiison.l. Martinez aad Way
Stations 8.50P
1000a Ths Orerland Limited — Ugden.
Denrer. Omaha. Chicago. S.20p
1000a Vallejo.. 12.20*
10.00a Lot Anitelea Paaienger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron. Tracy,
I-nthrop. Stockton, Merced,
Kayuond. Fretno. GoiIipd Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lerooore. Vlsalla.
BakersQeld. Los Angeles 72Jr
i IS.OOm H»j ward. Niles an<i TVny Sutlona. J-20r
ti-OOr Sacmracnto Utter Steamers tit.OOr
3.30r Benlcla. Ulnti". Sacramento.
Woodland, lintRbts Landing, "• ¦ „
Maryi vllle, OroTlIle and way ¦¦''
-¦: '¦¦>¦:--.¦¦ stations 10.B0*
3.30*- nsyward.Nllet and Way Stations.. 7.60r
S-SOr Von Costa. Martinez, liyron,
• ' Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20*
330p Toseralte Valley; *• 9.20a
3 30k Marttnes. Tracy. StucktOo. Lodt... 1020a
4.00r Martlner.Snn lUmoa.VallcJo.Napa,
CalUtoga. Santa Rosa. 9 20a
400r Klles. Traer. Stockton. Lodl 4.20r
430p Hayward. Nlles. Irrlngton. San I t8.50A
Jose. LlTertnore ) til. 60a
BCOr The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Bsnos. Mendoia. Fresno. Tutaxa.
BakersDeld.Lo*Anf«les 9-204
6-COr Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton 12-20r
f5 30p Hayward. Ktles and San Jose 7.20a
6.00r Hayward. Nile* and Saa Joie 9.S0*
• .OO** Eastern Express— Orden. Dearer.
Omaha, St. Lonls. Chlcairo aad
> East. Port Costa. Bentcla. Sul-
inn. Elmlra, OaTls. Sacramento,
Kockltn, Auburn, Colfaz,
Trnckee. Boca. He no. Wads-
worth, Wtnncmucea 5 tOr
t.OOr Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I ¦• cn _
7.00r Vallejo, Sunday only f /ior
7X0r hlchmond, Han Pablo. Port Ccila,
Martlnes and Way Stations 11.20a
B-OBr Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, KlarysTllle. Reddlag.
Portland, I'cset Sound and Knst. • S0»
9-10r Hay ward, Nlles and San Jose (Snu-
dayonly) 11. SO*
COAST LINE <."Urr«w Ua.git).
| (Kootuf Msrket Street.)
7.45a Santa Crai Excurslon<Sanday only) 8-1 Op
8.16' Newark, OenterrlHe. San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek. Santa
Crua ami Way Stations SMr
tZ.IBi- Newark, Centrrrllle, Saa Jose,
New Almadea. L»a GMo«.7eItoa,
Boulder Cr*«k. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Buttons f!0 55*
«-16r Newark. San Jose. Lot Qatos and I t8-65A
way sutlonn.... ) $1068a
"OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN * UANClSLU, >'oot or >Mrket St. (SUdO
-T7M5 »:u0 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 SAir.m.
Jrom OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:U» U:W
. 18:03 10:00 a.m. 12.00 200 4-00 p.m.
COAST Ll N E <»™»* ««¦*•).
< £f* (flilrd and Tuvrnsend 8treets.)
6.10a Saa Joie in! W»y Stations 6.30r
17 00 a San Jose and W»y Stations. 6.40r
7.16a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10 30p
1.00a New Almaden (Tups.. FrW.. only). 4.\Qr
t 00a The Coa«ter— Stops only Sac Jose,
Cllroy (connection for Ilotltt- \--
ter), PaJi«i. Castrorllle (con- ' ,..
nectioa lo and from Monterey
and Paclttc Urore). Salinas. Saa
' Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
Kartta. San Lnls Oklspo. principal
stations thence Surf (eonnectioa
for Lompoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara,San Bueaa-
ventura, Burbank. Loa Angeles . 10 45'
8.00a San Jose. Tret Plsoa, Caplt?la,
SmnmCrui,P»ci0cOroTe,Srt]Inas,
San Luis oblspo and Principal
,_ „ Way Stations 4.10»
10.30a Bsn Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
II 10a 8anU Clara, 8au Jose, Loa Oatos ' .
' ._ and Way Station* 7.3BP
I Sue San Jose and Way Stations 8 33*
SOOr Del Mrxate Kxprew-Santa Clsrs.
- 6an Joso, Del Montt. Monterey.
PactDe Grove (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa *. .
Cruz, Bonlder Crrek and Xarrow
Gauee Points) at Gllroy for Hol-
llster, Tres Plnos. at Pajaro for
Santa Cruz, at CssirovUle for
Salinas 12.15P
SSOr Tres Plnos War Pasgcnzer 10 45a
4 30p Pan Jose and Way Station* 13.00a
tSOO* Santa Clara. s»n Juse. Los Gatos.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
- „ __ ceptSanday).. / f8C0»
I5-30P BanJosenndPrlnclpalWayStatlons 18.40*
6 48' Sunset Limited.— Hedwo»d. /San
Jose, GlIroy.salinsa.Hftso Kobles.
San Luis Oblspo, Saota BAtbara,
Los AnKeles. l>emln»;. Kl T»$o.
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cruz
- and at Ca«tror|»i« for Paclflo -,
Gror* and Way Station* 7.10*
t|.1C> SitiiMateo.Bereiford.Uelniont.Saa «
Csrlos. Uedwood. Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8.««
6 Sup San Joee and WaySutlotu. 6 38a
8 0-3r Pals Alto aad Way Stations 10.15a
11 .cOf South SanFrandsco. MUlbrae. Bar
Ilngame, Saa Mateo, Belsiont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and f »Io Alto 9 4Sr
«11.30r Mayneld. Mountain View, ftsnay-
vsle, Lawrence. Ssnta Clara and
San Joae r9-45r
A for Morning. P for A I lernooo.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday onlr
a Satnrda j only.
" I Stops at alt tutlons on Snaday.
s3r~Only trains stopptnr ot Valencia St. suutbhound
ares: TO a.m.. 7:t» a.m.. 7:13 «_K.. U:30t M.. 3:Mr.H.
t-.SOr.u. and 8:00 Pj.Jt.
Mt. Tam alpais Railway
S— rwuwfco tWiafltetatfc 1— Pr*ad>m
Week I S«». - mm -¦¦ .»» |W«e7
Pays. day* #fflKk 4*7* D»yx
SiBol •sjooa €3@a&r$3 i*to»» fO:4(a
•IrtSF »:OOa I) Ii3ftrt:aof
«jlftr 1O:OOa *:*Or &.6O,
— — 11:OOa 4i3Or ttffe
t— <»fl»»ta;»>r - »%»» mt ¥Hhw ta»»
""tlCtir J CIS Miun ST,(North Shore Itailrc«4r
•SUM I aad Samji jto Fkaat. Foot aUrfcat to.
j r \^& How to Judge Beer I
WM ™YF0AM J
8 ISE^ An infcllibla indication of 11
jj t^^^I solid, creamy foam is the invariable |l
U R^^^^a^^l indication of body, age and excellence of IJ
A li^^liilllil© brewing material in beer. Unless the X
1 1 bcSt rades of barle 7 and hops, selected l]
¦ I ¦- extreme care, are nsed in sufficient I I
ll quantity, hrewed so as to give the beer I I
¦ I the proper strength and body, and after* I
51 ward the beer is thoroughly ripened and aged, it cannot f
U . show the solid, creamy foam always found in the famous C5]
A ABC BEER (^y
I "The only beer bottled exclusively at the Brewery " jUgj
THE AMERICAN BREWING CO. is^*^^^^^^l I
ST. LOUIS. U. S. A. r
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO., it&ljfoSrtfljfrt SlB^P I
Wholesale Dealers. I
• . ' ' . ADVEKTISEMENTS.
I. • SNAP
!! -All teavy trais trimminjrr., tsro
; * extra trays, double strcppel; an
;-*. exceUcct value at S3.50; BE-
*..' DXJCED rOB ? PEW SATS TO
$6^0
I A. B. SMITH CO. j
** - -
Por the Ladies. .;
To the girl attaining u'omanhood, the
* . 3'oung u-oman, and those of maturer
j-eirs, during the recurring times of
' depression and discomfort, when Na-
• ture requires a little assistance, ? .
Beecham's
Pills
are a special boon. See special in-
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c and 25o.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ii Brand |i
a Evaporated El
H Gream ll
bears the above cap label, rag
III Contains fully as much fa!
Kl| food substance per can as
Wk thewatery imitations ln Si
It is smooth and perfect ¦£!
because skillfully pre- &&I
>^M pared. Its purity is
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by. all dealer's and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St.", S. F., sent by
mail or express. , People cured
free of. charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
$200 Reward
: For tb* ftrfest end ; conviction of any bn*
¦ seaultlng -members or employes . ot' tA!»
' a«sociat Ion : or destroying property . belong -
.Ins; to them ¦ -'- * • ¦ ,:
Report, promptly to the Law Department.
Citizens' Alllahce, 217 Crossley bulldlnf.
" EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.'
CITIZENS' ALLIANCE. :THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, -MAY 13, 1904.
12
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL
TflLUWU/1 COLLAPSIBLE W]
1 Just the Thing at a Bubbling Spring. A Necessity to Picnickers and School Children*
Makes a Cooling Draught Taste Sweeter. A Convenience to Travelers and Trampers.
• ~ ' i • --' • _ ¦--.-...jg-— - .,—
I J~__ „ __ _ _/_ i_
COL_I_AP^1BL_E CUP.
'1 he cup is full size of standard gaug^ metal and will not tarnish nor rust.
You will appreciate its full value on your next outing.
Premiums can be obtained FREE by bringing a WANT AD THURSDAY, FRIDAY or
SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the S_n Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: '
I 100$ Market street, opposite FifOi; open until 11 p. m.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m»
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p.m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkln street; open until 4:30 p. m. , 1 :
1941 Mission street; open until 10- p. m.
2241 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. to.
ju , I 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. in.
I] 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. •—=?—-
Northeast corn«r Church and Duncan «tr««ts; open until S p. m. • ¦-
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. n_ |
2200 Filimore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICES: !
! lilt Broadway Telephone Main 193 J j
- BERKELET OFFICE:
214« Center Street , Telephone North- 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store .....Park Street
' v» EDtJCATlOJfALw
AT^home irPour~new quarters, the largest, best
B__«£!s^S5_3gg
CALIFORNIA BUtfXNESa COLLEUL. 901-
JCS Golden Gate ave.
HEA LD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F —Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
languages., telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading buslnesa college? 7£l Mar-
ket st; established 19 years: the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added _s
new typewriters: catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever: enter
at once if you desire a good position: Greg*
shorthand; Ellis bookkeeping. 3. F. Business
College. 12.:0 Market »t. ________
HEALD"S School of Mlnea&Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING. English, math., etc.. day or
eve. individual instr. Rm. 2. 305 Larkln. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly of Pac. Bus. CoL
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. «v. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be coni-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College:Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith..
spelling, writing, etc.; day. eve.: $-4 mo. eve.
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened his
Juvenile classes at Flndlay' s Hall. 17th ft.:
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California st. r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.)
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 823 Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS, PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission. t>r. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT O FFlCga.
gTEoROeTaOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese - Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for fa— a help; etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chln'se help. 42ti Powell st. Tel. Main 3752.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
office. 413 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Loon Soung'B. 411^ O'FarreM;tel. East 429.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flc?; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5133.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1037. BRADLEY & CO.. 64O Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WA5TED FEMALB.
WANTED^-By a young German woman, plae*
for general housework and cooking, or sec-
ond work; best references: wages $25, $30;
small family. Box 1969. Call offlce.
A SWEDISH woman wishes to do general
housework In small family: good cook: wages
from $25 to $30. 508 fr Jeeale st. near Sixth.
YOUNO lady, experienced stenographer, with
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a posi-
tion as offlce assistant. Box 3407. CaU.
A SWEDISH girl wants a position in a small
family. Call at 1 Folsom are., between
Seventh and Eighth st«.. off Folsom.
SITUATION wanted by refined youns; Gern saa
girl to care for children in private family.
Box 2174. Call branch. 220O Filimore st.
A MIDDLE-aged woman ot refinement desires
position as housekeeper to one or two adults;
good home main object; town or country;
good cook and manager. Address or call be-
tween 10 and 4. Mrs. M. Beck. 709 Post st
GERMAN girl wishes to do housework In
small family: no trashing. Address MISS
MARIE SCHWART1NG. Twenty-first av»..
near K at. south.
EASTERN trained nurse wishes engagements;
reasonable; convalescent cases half price;
b«st references. Phone Polk 4700s. •
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day.
washing and Ironing, or house-cleaning; ref-
ertnees. 3324 Twentv-flrst st.
YOUNG lady, experienced, stenographer, wttn
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a post,
tlon as offlce assistant. Box 3407, Call.
A SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to do second
work or general housework in a small fam-
ily. Call at 1335 Stevenson st
MOTHER and son wleh positions as cook and
waiter or handy man. In city or country.
Box 3392. Call.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
$1 per day and car fare. 946 Harrison st.
room 9.
A GOOD Japanese girl wants position as school
¦ jrlrl in a small family. MISS TAKA. 1323
Pine st
A SWISS girl wants a plac« to do general
housework. Apply at 127 Third st
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan A Church *:»
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A YOUNG roan wants a position as assistant
bartender, city or country, for small salary;
best of reference. Box 3429, Call offlce.
A GOOD painter, paperhanger and tlnter wants
work; tools furnished. Box 3427, Call offlce.
COUNTRY work wanted — Youns married, re-
liable N. Y. State. American couple; good,
steady place; wife light housework, good
seamstress, private family; man help milk,
small dairy, no teamster; will aid other
work: best habits and references. Box 3403.
Call.
WANTED — Situation by a flrst-elass all
around German; able to drive and taka car*
of flne horses, carriages, greenhouse, propa-
gation, treating Insects and disease* ot
plants and all wcrk connected with house,
garden, lawn and stable; best of references.
Box 3449. Call.
DRYGOODS, notion and hosiery salesman de-
sires a permanent position with whoieaal*
jobbing house; 5 years' experience: rsferaoc*
furnished. F. Lv LAWRENCE. 2024 Wool-
sey «t. Berkeley. Cal.
DRUGGIST would like position in wholesale
dm? house in laboratory: have been in re-
tall business 10 years: graduate and regis-
6-red in four States. T. P. LAUFFER, 202*
Woolsey St., Berkeley. Cal.
WANTED — A position by a landscape gar-'
dener and florist: used to be head gardener
of the flower paradise of Paul de Longprs,
king of the flowers; best of references. Box
33C6. CaU offlce.
POSITION wanted to care for invalid or aa
companion; ran give massage; sanitarium ex-
perience and references. A. V. NORLING.
general delivery, city.
MECHANICAL engineer, technical 8 years* ex-
perience, desires position with machinery
company as salesman: will consider anythlsr
as start. Box 345S. Call offlce. 1
GERMAN, experienced bartender, also good
all-around man, wishes a position: city or
country; give best of references. Box 3457.
Call office.
A MAN would like to work on private plac*
to take care of horses, cows, lawn and poul-
try; good driver; wages $30 to $35 and found.
Box 1162. Call offlce. Oakland.
' WANTED — Employment by a competent per-
ron as hostler tn a private stable; references
Blven. Box 3344, Call offlce.
STEADY, sober young man wishes position as
bartender: country hotel preferred; refer-
ences. Box 34BO, CaU offlce. .-<....>
A GOOD barber, union man. married, would
like position tn country. Inquire at Will
& Fl nek's.
SOBER, steady man wants position as watch-
man; can give best references. Box 313O.
Call office.
I POSITION by a trustworthy man to take care
1 of gentleman's residence during absence of
party; Bood references. Box :>347. Call.
HANDY all-round man. German, wishes a
position as Janitor; strictly sober and re-
llable; ext>erlenced. Box 3391. CaU.
YOUNG man of 23 would like to learn th*
carpenters' trade. Box 3402, Call offlce.
A FIRST-cIass barber wants short hour work;
. steady. Address BARBER, box 34CO. Call.
YOUNG man of education desires work even-
ings; highest references. Box 3431. Call.
BRICKLAYER, young man. German, noa-
unlon. wants work. Box 334S, Call.
BAKER'S helper wants position. Box 339C.
CaU offlce.
A -JAPANESE boy would like a position as
schoolboy: understands cooking; speaks good
English; best references. H. G. 1543 Larkln
. street.
A RELIABLE Japanese boy wants position as
office boy In any kind of store: speaks Eng-
lish well. Address SAW AI S07 Polk »t :
Phone 3802. .
JAPANESE student wants a position as who<M.
807 VolW *2 week. KANTE K. AOYAOI.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmora.
L.OUU1.NU HOUSES FOR SALE Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst building, over "Examiner" en-
Corner 3d and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal.
Modern business methods In flne front offices.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4 th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract with every sale.
trance.
We make any sale on our Installment plan.
Hotels, rooming and apartment houses for sal*.
ANOTHER hlgh-claas proposition; 82 rooms,
very expensively furnished by a connoisseur:
rent only $451; long lease; electric elevator;
private bath with each suite; everything Al;
exclusively for sale by MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT-HOUSE full of tenants who
do all their own work; landlady only sweeps
the' halls; 24 rooms, all light and sunny; near
Market and Van Ness; you pay $1000 down and
borrow balance of MARION GRIFFIN.
50 rooms; new building; new furniture; sani-
tary enameled beds; rent $200: 6-year leas;;
electric lights; price $3500: profit depends on
ability of manager; exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.
BEAUTIFUL furnishings are appreciated by
ladles of refinement In all civilized 1 countries,
but fn none are the connoisseurs more critical
tl>an those in this city, and none could find a
dfefect In the exquisite draperies, golden oak.-
blrdseye maple and rich velvet carpets In this
sunny corner house of 3" spacious rooms, fur-
nished in Feb.. 1904; $2000 Is required as lf,t
pfcyment; exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN-
EXCHANGES, fl
Exchanges of All Kinds Made Dally.
40-room house, worth $3500; clears $175; to
exchange for a smaller house.
Also 20-room house, worth $1500,; clearing
$72 monthly, to exchange for smaller house.
Also a swell 17-room house, clearlne $S0
monthly, to exchange for about 30 rooms.
MARION . GRIFFIN.
53 LARGE, well-furnished rooms In a corner
house; thoroughly clean; painted new inside and
outside; 27 big windows; rent only $225, with
a transferable lease that runs 5 years from I2th
of next August; guaranteed to be clearing $200
per month:, price $4000. MARION GRIFFIN.
FLAT of 8 rooms, newly furnished; rent $25;
6 rooms rented . for $36; price $250.
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125.... $4500
100 rooms; clears $350; low rent $rt500
80 rooms: furniture nearly new .$3S0<>
40 rooms: flne location, north of Market. $1000
4(J rooms; In Oakland; new; rent $6O. .. .$2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $600
, Money to loan on furniture. EITEL A
CARROLL, 212 Kearny at.
MUST eell, s;oln«; ' away ". 2 - weeks— 14-room
rooming house at 315 Twelfth St.; look at
this If you . want to buy; no agents, deal
_with owner.
80 ROOMS: elegant, new apartment , house, . 3
and 4-room suites; 60 rooms; furnished: rea-
sonable rent: charming location; sunny. Box
3548, Call office. .
21 ROOMS; lodging-house; nice location. In-
qulre grocery store, 1080 Folsom at. '
NINE rooms; all full; must' sell, on account
of sickness. Inquire 212 ~ fth st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
, of advertisements and subscriptions has been
. opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. •' . -''
-._-')¦'•¦;¦' CAPE NOME. -
TICKET office for all points In Alaska. C. F.
v MOORE, 027 Market St.. room 309. First
steamer May 21: $75 first class. '
\ ¦' OO-.I.ECTIOH OmOGS.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. | Pacific Collection' Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. Main 6580.
¦ COTTAGES FOtt SAJLE. ' . .
COZY, cottage; 6 rooms, bath; modern; warm
r belt riot 30x122:6. Call lOltt.Shotwell st. -
CXOTHIBTP -UBgOYATI-Q.
SUITS cleaned and | pressed, $1 ; : scouring and
; dyeing. Bon Marche, . 40 Ellis st, room. 14;
, phone Drutnm 44. . Call for and deliver tree.
CI-AmVOYAXTS CnnllnnX.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
•C, cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a,
m. to S p. m. ; readings by mall aa satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. «;
full »lfe, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency;send poatofflce
w ella-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted, clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 60c. g. <1. 714 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant card
reader; when others fall try me.good readings
25c. 1 21 Franklln.nr.O.G.ave.Tel.LarKIn 4207.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader rel
moved from 132 to 23& Cth; I. 25c. g.*50c.
°^?,? S J lady P* 11 " 13 ' and card reader in city
2t>Vi Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
Mme. Odell returned; clairvoyant card reader-
-i! a j! aves: 25c "P- Lower flat. 532 Ellis st.*
MISS WARD, clairvoyant gives names date
and facts; readings dally. 917 Market'st,
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellla st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader sit-
dally 44S14 j eiWtc st .. t^. 5th and ' <tfl
G A.\D CLEANUP.
COMPRESSED" Alr'andTvacuum Process now"
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rug» axe
also cleaned by compressed air at shop-
prices moderated S. F. Compressed Air
U2 a a n n n d C B^h Sj ***" M ~ n
ing Works. .'{5j>-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELLS. 240 Fourteenth st.. clean-
. ing &. laying don* reasonably. Tel. Mission 74
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S0O Har-
_rlsgnjst 1 ; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225
WW~UTTa Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
Aj.i Golden Gate. ave. Telephone East 12t».
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tregsea made over. M32 Howard;teI.South 21«
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.,402 Sutter st •
Jj- Main 39 1. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.'
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works! prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 26a
A BRANCH efflce of The Call for th? reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1OOS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ""a-
: ~— ¦ — "-————— — _,^
CBEDIT CI.O~~~RB8.
C F. ADAMS CO. ~ ~~ jp~~~
SPECIAL CREDIT- STORE.
We clothe the whole family .from hat» »a
shoes: everything up to date at cash di-1 -e*^ i
Credit for all. 310 Mason »t. P»-e_. |
CT~_ES "-VXTPTUaB. ' ~~~
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market st.; $100; ruptur.
cure for <10: circular explains: send for one
UE.XTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalcbono — ca7TnoTl>i^j»ir. :
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. X3 5O; flninn •££'¦ ¦
.-plates. ?5; full set; all Work pilnle"' _Si
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlora. & | lx _?
DR LUDLUM HILL, mi Market.nr.Elevenik
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new • te«h
. |8 per set; extracting 50c '"aa gVven!
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny cor n.,.K —
Set teeth, fl So up; crowns.^a^p^;^"',!!-
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. *urgeon-dentut r n V 1
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market" gggfijjg*
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crown* «->• ri£
pain; open Sundays.- Dr.O.B.HewUt!^ Suttr?
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The ~ 'eekir Call"
"! tEy^^ E '!i^ D SEAMSTIt_sis_*
ACCORDION, sunburst and
CPiniTTJAXlSM.
--^££. RKTUR jj ED ~~™~-~~~~ ~
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant.- trance business medium and Ufa
reader; also communications from you.- de-
parted friends. Hotel Netherland, 18 Turk
tt.. near Market, room 17. elevator.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
& business med'm, read daily (1; dev'p'g class
Thurs. 8 p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;tel. Jessie 34oO.
MRS. CONNOLL, 14S 6th st • meeting every
night, 10c; ladies' dr. every Wed., 2 p.m., 10c.
ELSIE REYNOLDS— Materializing seance Fri-
day eve.. 50c. 328 £]lls »t.; sittings dally.
SUSAN H. DENTON'S memorial seance; per-
sonal friends only; 8 o'clock. 10S4 Bush at.
EDWARD EARLE, 1032 Ellis st;. readings
dally; phone Sutter 31)94.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant an*
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy «t. 2'hone Scott 887.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. Call. 16 pages, sent to any "address in thi
. United States or Canada one year for $1.
~\ CLAlUVOVAi\'l>.
THE FUTURE REVEALED, THE PAST
DISCLOSED,
The Present Analyzed ty .Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are Hke
a living page of Fiammarion'a treatise that is
so electrifytnt the world to-day. He is no
imitator. His work ' is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you. <iet Ire to know and -works in the open
light.
' He I.h as conspicuous for hie Wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he Is for his original ex-
and vivid truthfulness."
v A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
• give you a full Ufa reading for SI. A test
ia of little value; when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on him for a first-
class clairvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He d«« not mention all the Ills and mls-
1 fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analyze the mutters that are
s troubling ¦ you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Permanently located 42S Eddy st.; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to S p. . m._ ¦ ¦
¦ASSURED Euccees for you.
Call at ence and nave $4.
. His famous $5 readings this week for
*1 «1 $1 $1 *1 $1 *1.' «1
No charge — No charge . "
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE. <%
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tel'. you If
.husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire: "In fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can- tell yourself; his advice is -reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development' in mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implantel in your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures: gives you success
in life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to S p. m. — Closed Sunday.
' 326 O'Farrell «U— 32S.
MME.PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
50c, g. by cards $rT palmistry and clairvoyant
elt.,' $1 R0. 312 Maaon st., near Geary.
A — Miss M.' Wllle, 460 -Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life, reader. . will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking .a ques-
tion ,'. names given ; special, $1 ; hours 10 to 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
'advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion 'guaranteed; 25c up. ' 17 3d, next Exam.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
- names Riven; 25c up. 835 Howardjbet.4th_5t_
JOB.tr D. SPH ECKELS, Proprietor.^
/I^Tui-Stic^ FrfflMKciTro Ma_a_sr
"VV. J. MARTIN Business 'Manager
TEX DOL.LAKS REWAHD.
Notify The Call Office ir You Miss
Your Pai>cr.
ir for any cans* THE CALL Is not de-
livered rernlarly to oubscrlbcr* plea»e
cell up "CALL EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk In cna—re. Tour com-
' rlai-t will receive prompt attention.
A standing reward of Ten Dollars
" < 810.00) is offered for the arre«t and
ccnvlcticn of any on* caut-t gtealin*
SHE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
A«k fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You Wish.
rubileatlon Office Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Eelivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 78
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cta.
' Terns by Mall Including Postage (C&cn Wltn
Order): .. „
EAILT CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year.. ..tt.OO
DAILY CALL (ir.clud. Sunday), 6 mos 4^00
PAILY CALL— By Single Month „«»«
6UNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2 -£>
WEEKXY CALL. 1 Year 1 - 00
E25FS5 "f Sunday .'*4.'lS Per Ye_£ Extra
POSTAGE. L Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Ea-ple Copies will be forwarded whea re-
quested.
Mall subscribers Ir. ordering change of ad;
tfress ehould be particular to give both NL\»
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their r«-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: __
214S Ccr.ter Street Telephone North . <
WASHINGTON* CORRESPONDENT:
EAMVEL \V. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walderf-AFtcria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
."•rt.ion Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhcrman House; P. O. Ne«» Co.: Great
JCerthcrn Hotel: Tremont Hou»e; Auditorium
Uctei; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
.C GEORGE KROGNESS..Marquette Buildint
tLcng Distance Telephone. --Central 2619.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
' STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
. C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BISINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
tirtil 12 o'clock every nicht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100% Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. rn.
C27 Moctco— ery ftreet, corner Clay; open
until S»:30 p. m.
•SO«t Hayes Ftrert; open until 9:30 p. m.
¦ C33 McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. tn.
615 Larkln ureet; open until 9:30 p. m.
. J941 M:«smn street: cpen unt!! 10 p. m.
• 22tl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
-• until 9 p. tn.
. 10« Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
J09C Valencia street; oj»en until 9 p. m.
• Northeast corner Church and Dcncan streets;
op«-n urtil 9 d. m.
Ncrthwett corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
• tucky streets; open until P p. m. !
S200 Fillmore street: cpen until » p. m.
to scBscnmrRs leamnt. town
FOK TIIE SUMMER.
C_XZ 1 subscribers contemplating a
chtLs.ee of residence dnzinsr t_e summer
months can have their paper forwarded
j by mall to their new address by notify-
ing TEX CA.Z_Tj Business Office. This
racer will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local
. are— t in all tew ns on the coast.
CUCBCU SERVICES.
REV. DR. CARRADINxTlhonness evangelisC
will hold a berlts of meetings at Peaiel Mis-
• *i<-<n Hall. 49 Third st. (entrance on Stevenson
tt.). May C-1C. Services 2:30 and 7:30 p. m -
_J MEKT1.NC NOTICES.
.CALIFORNIA Com mar;d«»ry No 1. K. . ¦»•-
T.— Regular assembly THIS EVEN- jSUr
ING at 7:30. Order of Temple. All U
'raters courteously invited VP
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
• T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
GOLDEN 'JATE Loige No. 30 F and ®
. -A. M. — Called meeting THIS (FRI- VV
DAY> at 7 o'clock. Third /^\
degree. By order of W M
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
•PACIFIC Lodge No. 136 F. and A. M., O
will meet THIS EVENING at 7 YY
o'clock. Third defrree. /V\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
.ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57. I. O. _^ _,
§O F. — Special meetir-jr will be held *V^*
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING for the' y\
Iiurpcf e of conferring three degrees. / \
By order R. U. DOWNIE. Chief Patriarch.
PAST GRANDS' ASSOCIATION.
I O O. F.. meets to-fligiit at <£>C~S*<to^.
I " O. F. building. P» \ . r.th and
Market cts.. at h o'clock. All
Past Grands and visiting brothers Invited to
attend. W A. S. NICHOLSON, President.
\V. I. KROBECK, Secretary.
'6AN FRANCISCO Ledge No. .1. v *-i£t"/v
I O. O. F. — Initiation THIS -^^B*JS-.
f FRIDAY) EVENING. -May I.!. ~-5^S~!_8?
. Odd Fellcws cordially Invited. •SJrSf--* 5 '
H. C. MADIGAN, N. G.
GEO. L. IVANCOVICH, R. S.
CALIFORNIA L<x!ce No. I K. of P.. -fit*
meets THIS FRIDAY at S o'clock,
Pioneer building. 24 Fourth et. 7a_i5
Visitors invited. Jt^H^C
F. O. MOLL. C. C.
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
FAN FRANCISCO Tent No. is. v5%5^V
K. O. T M.— Review THIS £2?— -iirtfl*.
'FRIDAY) EVENING, at 8 Oj3 £) £-2«S
o'clock. Pioneer Hall. 24 \%\ l\\H!vJ
«¦ \j. B. RICHARDS,
Ii.er.r6 K«>«per.
TO the Officers and Members of the -»
Riggers' and Stevedores' Union Lo- ai
caJ 222. <: the I. L M. and T. - A.— >E_
You ar; hereb? notified to attenfj a JEsSf
«-;•• tai meeting of this union to be 'uEjSa
h*ld at our hall. 121 New Montjrom- J?**r
ery et.. THIS DAY (FRIDAY) May E2_~>
IZ. 1&0*. at 8 p. m. Business of frreat lm -
I>ort_nce to coro e b*rore the meeting By or-
der of HIGH KEON, First Vice Pres
HENRY JEND. Rec. Cor. Bee.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
m 'etir.g_ of the stockholders of the Olympic
Salt Water Company m-M be held at the
otflce of the company. 327 Market street. San
Francisco. Cal.. on Monday the 23d day of
May. iyO4. ot the hour of 3 o'clock p m
lor the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to aerr« for the ensuing year and
the transaction of tuch other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
clone on Friday. May :3th. VMH, at 3 o'clock
p m. CHARLES A. GIBSON. Secretary/
THE California Dfbris Commission having re-
cei\-ed application to mine by hydraulic pro-
<*ts from Vaclnda Mining Company In Va-
einda mine, near Indian Diggings. El Dorado
bounty. Cal., draining ir.to Cedar Creek,
which reaches Cosu— nes River, gives notice
that roeetinr will be held at room 9*5 Flood
building. San Francisco, Cal., May 23 1D04
et 1 :30 p. tn.
CHEAPEST and bent In America— The Weekly
Call. 1« pages, eer.t to any address In the
fnlted States or Canada one year for SI.
' ACEXTS WAKTEd!
WANTED — Men and women to represent 2
Chicago house; established routes of trade
etc.; experience unnecessary; salary $65 per
rr.o. »nd all expenses. Address L.. 011 Van
Nf-ss ave.. Fan Francisco. Cal.
*Wt INVESTED In stock will give profits of
f\(*> i*r month. rtf:i Keamy St.. room 21.
ASTKMA __ei_CPT.
A. Dl Nola's Acthrca Remedy relieves inttant-
Jy: 10c. 2. r .e. &0c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas
~AL'TO~Mb*BIL.Efs FOR~SA__7
tECO.'.'D-HAND automobiles in nnt-cla»
thjpe for cale cheap. Inquire at SO Golden
Cat# ave.; phou* Howard 871.
WANTED — An automobile, to seat 4 persons,
in flrst-clats running order; state make,
power, price asked, etc. Box IS50, Call.
ATTORXnY»-AT-i.AW.
A PRl'.'ATK. quick divorce for small fee.
£«-¦<> mo anil >ave money; no nay In advance.
- G. W. HOWK. ATTOKNKY-AT-LAW
KetaWiFhed 22 yrs.; rm«f. I. 2. ». 4 _ 5.1st fl..
1122 Mark.t rt.. between Ma?on ami Taylor.
Advk? free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Attorney -at-Law, Exam, bldfu
Cth floor, entrance room «11; established -0
years; ali cafes, general court and office prac-
tice; no tee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red iiGOl.
ADVICE !W. divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. M'J Market st., r. .>!.
DIVORCE chP.ip. speedily, quietly: call on us
'ere golns elsewhere. Phone James ti22I :
room 41. »1<5 Market St.. oppolte Emporium.
DIVORCE— Co*t« $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; ojirn even— U~. 027 Market St., rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity: advice
frae; costs $12 Ad. H.A.S.. P.O. box 2UK>. S. K
L. S. CLARK. !»27 Market st. ; consultation
free; no fees in advance: open evenlng<
BUSJNKSH CIIA.XCKS.
A^$roobT~BOARUING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen a»d dinins-room. 37 beds, :
gcvd furniture, lease, place paying well. See
U. G. WILKE. itS'/fr Kearny st.
A — $500; PARTNER wanted In chophouse and
coffee saloon: o^en day and night; a first-
class proposition. See R. U. WILJCE, l:u"-i
Kearny *t.
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
60 cant; 8 horse* 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; buslnen kept by owner 15
years; a good-raylr.g Investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26# Kearny st.
A— $500: BUTCHER shop; eetab. years; all
cash trade; $40 per day; rent $20; best lo-
cation; a bargain: owner must leave. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A — $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
1 etore with 4 rooms; rent $25; flne location;
good business., See R. G. WILK1E, 2CVS
Kearny at.
A — $3500; ONE of the best meat markets In this
city; 5 years' lense; rent $00; weekly 6al«*6 5
cattle. 5 calver, o hogs. "5 Kheep; a splendid
location. Call R. G. WILKE. 2<3Ji Kearny.
A— $2«K); SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stockton ste. ; rent $150: lease; place estab-
libhed yearn; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20i<. Kearny et.
A— $900; SALOON, vicinity" Taylor & Turk sts. ;
rent $50; this is a good paying and old es-
tablished business; a workincman's place;
rare chance. See EL G. WILKE, 2CI5 Kearny.
$3000— GROCERY ar.d bar, on Fourth St., about
1 block from Market et. ; lease; good paying;
established years; sickness only cause of
sale. Call R. G. WILKE, 2tiVi Kearny st.
A — $10CO; RESTAURANT in San Rafael; daily
receipts $U5; rent $;J0; must be told at once;
KOckI place. See R. G. WILKE, 2t>4 Kearny.
A— $10u0; DAIRY produce and delicate«sen
store; close to Market »t.; dally receipts
about $40: rent $45: good business; value In
eight. R. G. WILKE. 2U^ Kearny s t.
A — $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
bUBinefs; store receipts about $C0 per day:
bar receipts about ?-0; owner will sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call It. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny Et.
A — $2CO0; CORNER grocery and bar. on Powell
et. ; 5 years' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and first-clas9 paying: value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny et.
A — $50C0; THE leading saloon In manufacturing
town of about 60«>0 inhabitants; 5 years'
lease; rent $S0; full va'.ue In sight; first-class
paying buFlness; about 25 miles from S. F.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2<5'/i Kearny et.
A — $750; SALOON on Montgomery St.; place
wtahlished year*; owner clearing about $125
per month: Investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE, 2CH Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon: cloee to Call bldg.:
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this is one of
the best raloon locations In this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Keamy St.
A— $11CO; SALOON, with 3 rooms; cloee to
Kearny and Bush its.; rent $75: lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest ivtock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE, 2«Vi Kearny st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and service secure Interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market tt.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS. ~ '
A buFim-Es man with from $2000 to $:>000 can
(-•-cur*- partnership in established business in
this city and take charge of store.
~ GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. U27 Market St.
A— HARDWARE STORE — - - ~
For sale; a high-class business: long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire; will invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., S27 Market St.
A — RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$300 cash and services secure intsrest in es-
tablished office business paying $15 weekly;
experience aot necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. U27 Market st.
A^ THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest Investment and most
profitable enterprise in the city. We repre-
sent two 01 the largest incorporated companies
in S. F., and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and office men who can Invest a
Email amount of cash with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market *t.
~~ A- GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 in a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience- not necessary: invest-
ment secured ar.d $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market et.
$1500— FOR sale — Berliner Cafe, 466 Ninth St..
near Washington. Caktand; one of the best
located and well-furnished cafeg in Oakland;
reasons for sale, inability to give necessary-
attention to business; refused offer of $2C00
less than two months ago for place; elegant
chance for right party; first come, first
served. Only principals need apply to M.
MARCUSE. 81S Broadway, Oakland.
RESTAURANT furnished; excellent chance
for energetic. I first-class caterer with some
means; references required; present lessee
ill; board taken for rent. Address 1 week or
call Park Hotel. Alameda, H. H. TODD,
proprietor.
GRAND opening for right man: general mer-
chandise store; except groceries: out of this
city; sales $S00 to $800 monthly, profit 35
per cent; price $2500, or will Invoice; well
established: flne location: low rent.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 40tf Examiner bid.
WANTED — Party to invest from $5000 to
$S000 in established manufacturing food bus-
iness; mon»y required to handle increased
business; will pay over 1 per cent monthly
on Investment. Address box 7963, Call office.
"WANTED— Partner In a very rapid growing
business; no experience required; must be
Batisfied with $100 a month; amount required
$500. Apply bet. 10 and 12. California Alr-
LlRht Co.. St. Ann's building, 6 Eddy st.
$250 — Well-established business chance office;
will clear more than that amount In first mo. ;
no experience necessary; will stay with buy-
er till familiar with business. 935 Mrkt, rm.l.
BARBERS. ATTENTION! ¦ T~
For sale — Barber shop In San Jose; two
chair, hydraulic; pood location. Inquire at
BECKEL & PRESHER'S, 3C7 12th.Oakland.
?350 — INDUSTRIOUS worklncman to take In-
terest in manufacturing business; duties,
oversee help, attend shipments, keep plain
accounts. Room 106. 1170 Market st.
FOR male — Grocery store; good, family trade;
-¦ owner retlrinc from bu/iness. Inquire of
owner at 1231 Park St.. Alameda, Cal.; rent
rtnscnabte; 15 years in business.
FOR SALE — Half Interest In a well establish-
ed real estate business in a small city in
California; want a good working partner.
Box 1063. Call office.
FOR SALE— Half interest in a good contract -
ing business where you can deal with half
the property owners in the city; price $500.
Box 1876. Call office.
$15.cj00 FOR whole or will sell half Interest
In a contracting business tn one of the larg-
ot cities In California; large stock on hand.
Address for particulars, ¦ box 1852. Call.
FOR SALE— About $2250: one of the best
paying grocery stores In San Francisco; large
trade; horses and wagons, etc.; stock new
and clean. Box 3238, Call office.
RESTAURANT, delicatessen and liquor store;
3 llvine rooms: yard; must be eold; owner
has other business; clears $150 month; rent
$20; will stand Investigation. Box 1880, Call.
SMALL, good-paying country hotel; a bargain.
Diamond Hotel, Black Diamond, Contra
Con a County. Cal.
$250 BUYS \"i interest In established commis-
sion business clearing $225 a month. Box
.-J4t2, Call office.
FOR rent — Charming mineral springs resort
hotel; furnished; lovely grounds; white buI-
phur baths. Box 3418. Call office.
BAKERY; new each register; stock and flx-
( tuxes; good store trade; $350. 2757 21th' st.
nt'MXKSS CIIAXCES — Con*lnne«V.
A— CAMKUO.V kLU- i'hone Soutn 105U.
3 Kddy st., cor. Market and Powell. , ..
Headquarters tor all kinds ot business chances.
Oyster and chop houses..."..^.. $350 to tlOOO
Candy and icecream parlors $200 to S2500
Barber ghops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands J350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $.100 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drugstores $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
"Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
For sale — First-class legitimate mining
proposition that will bear strict investiga-
tion.
BKAUTFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 36- room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for .business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables; all
kindg or fruit; rent $500 per year; equity in
this $2500: death In family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO. 1 , .
FOU sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6% year*' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city;, do-
ing fine business; other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON. & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospoct:
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-hEe or business. . Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR nale or will trad« — 6 acres inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities In Califor-
nia; house, barn, other outbuildings; .plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rcomins-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account other business. CAAI-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located ' grocery and bar; rent
only $25; sales $30 to $40 per day; price
$2000; snap. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
ART store; flagrant location; fully equipped for
framing; nice steady business; $1800; no
agents. Box 3479, Call office.
FOR sale — Corner cigar stand; doing good busi-
ness: no agents Apply 1103 Dupont St., cor.
raciflc.
WANTED — A partner In dry goods, clothing
and .-lice business with $2fi00. in a thriving
town in California. Box 1915, Call office.
$C(K)O — GENERAL merchandise store In email
town in farming community, near coast.
Particulars box 1TC8. Call office.
FOR SALE — An established picture framing
business In city across "the bay; good trade.
Box 1S41. Call office.
$550 — HALF interest In the manufacturing of
an article that all windows need; big profits.
Address box 1SI.4. Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery business. In a prosperous
bay city; splendid trade and increasing con-
stantly; good, clean stock. Box 1781. Call.
$450— RESTAURANT In fine location: good
. trade; or wiH take a partner for $225. Ad-
dress box 1963, Call office.
CARPENTER ehop: flne trade; good location;
low rent. 1522*4 Bush st.
FOR sale — Morning paper route; over 600. Ap-
ply B.. box S373. Call.
$1200— A FINE grocery and bar; account of
sickness. 1229 Cortland ave.; Mission cars.
FOR sale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town; Btnicla. Cal.
FINE newspaper route tor sale. Inqulrt at
this office.
FOR SALE — A small brewery plant In this
city. For particulars address box 1974. Call.
$600 — HALF interest in a good business pay-
lng $1 75 per month. Box 19S1. Call office.
BAKERY and lunch room for sale In a live
Nevada town. Address box 1820. Call office.
FOR SALE— Coal and feed yard In East Oak-
land. Box 1S31. Call office.
LUU(,l.\(,-IIUlSi;s FOR SALfi,
A. CAMERON _ CO., Phone South 1060.
a Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms; cew and ujy-to-date apartment-
bouse; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
10S rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has flne
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part c_sh. baJancu
can be said out of the house; other business
Interests demand Immediate departure.
90 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture; swell downtown location; everything up-
to-date and first-class; fine opportunity to- se-
cure high-grade proposition; must gu East. .
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; _*w and
up-to-date bouse; all men; electric *-.evator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $.\;0 per
month; one of the best buys In the cry. 1
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnlshec; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms: beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout ; v most elegantly furnished house
In city; call for terms and particulars.
9 rooms; sunny flat; rent $50; oak, mahogariy
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $050.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: flne lease; paying $500 to $tKK> per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $00; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $850.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month: 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry fur.;
flne carpets; close in; flne money-maker.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; gx>od
carpets; sickness; price $350. t
138 rooms: downtown commercial hotel; 8
year** lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure first-
class hotel! owner has other business; part
cash; balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close in; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash. 5
11 rooms: rent $40; close In; oak. cherry fur-
niture, Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all ex-
penses; $400 cash, balance time; snap: $700.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders -
clearln. $250 per month; close in; fine buy;
price $6000. /
18 rooms; rent $85; north Market; close In:
eood money-maker; reduced from $1600 to
?1100.
128 rooms; cheap rent: long- lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
20 rooms; rent only $100; all new furniture;
doctor pays $95; clearing over all expenses 1 100-
best street Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
cood lease.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10 years' lease-; close In:,
dears $400 per morith: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
33 rooms: cheap rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished: new modern building; very central-
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
126 rooms; fine, downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances-
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
i regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rooms: corner: rent only $85: oak' fur.:
good carpets, housekeeping; all full: clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; prlco
$1000. ,
W rooms; new. modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent: clearing $250 to $300*
very central; first-class . proposition. v
17 rooms: Ellis et. ; rent $70; oak furniture
Axminfter carpets; fine condition; clears 180-
flne little buy. * '
8 rooms; flne upper flat: rent' only $30' can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time-
5450. ¦ , y; . '• . '
For rent — (-room suite, furnished, in flne
apartment- house. 4 to 6 months: renti.1 $45 per
n-onth; references: no small children^ ;•• ¦
For rent — 8-room modern furnished flat. : for
summer; elegantly fur. : references required-
rent $60 per month. * . , '
A. CAMERON ft CO.. 3 Eddy st
14-ROOM house; rent $45; near Larkln and
Hyde sts.; full of roomers: owner will sell
Xor $650; thla week. Box 3522. Cair office.
YOU DON'T NEED A . FORME- TO PLACE AN AD IN THETHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 1904.
13
HELP WANTED MALI:. /•;*'."
AT THE cX_rEMpTAGE7?CX ~
14 Third st.. near Call bid*. : phone Bush 405.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE — REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teamsters, $67 50 a month.
15 laborers, $60 a month.
10 drClers, rockmen. hammermen, $75.
2 men to cut pine wood, 4 feet. $1 25 a cord.
FOR THE SAWMILLS.
4 lumber pliers and yardmen. $30 a month
and board; Americans preferred.
14 ceneral sawmill and yardmen and men !
for the woods, $30 to $60 a month & board.
SAW MILL. AND WOODS CREW.
Screw turner. $55 a month and board.
Head trimmer, $50 a month and board.
Second trimmer, $40 & month and board.
Slab sawyer, $45 a month and board. - ,
Shingle Jointer. $45 and board.
10 yardmen. |S5 to $40 and board.
Man on bull wheel. $40 and board.
2 men on landing, $40 and board.
WOODS CREW.
2 crosscutters, $45 and board.
2 barkers. $45 and board.
1 fireman. $45 and board.
2 swampers. $eo a month. >' VV:
2 wheel teamsters $65 a month. >
Edgerman. $00 a month.
Milker, ranch. $30 and board.
Choreman. ranch. $25 and board.
10 laborers, $1 75 to $2 a day.
6 ranch hands, Sonoma County, $28 a month
aad board. -v -
2 drillers, free fare, $2 25 a day.
3 laborers, $2 a day.
A treater of California lubricating oils; must
have experience; $100 a month up.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY.- 14 Third SU
WANTED for U. S. army; able-bodied un-
married mea, between axes of 21 aad 35;
citizens ct the United ¦ States, of good char-
acter and temoerate habits, who can speak,
read and write Emrllzh. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building.
New Montgomery t-t., San Francisco, or 1C— )
Second st.. Sacramento. Cal.
TO tailors' cutters — First-class man of good
appearance; steady position to right party.
Apply S. N. WOOD A CO.. 740 Market et.
TAILOR wanted — Steady position. Apply at
ence. S N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
BOY wanted — Bright, gentlemanly boy. 14 to
16 years of a*t«. fie errand boy. Apply be-
fore 9 a.m.. CORDES FURNITURE CO., 245
Geary st. - ¦ •
A YOUNG man for office work, about 21 years
of age; cne accustomed to sales segregative
department; permanent position. Address box
34-31, Call. . • ¦£*?
ENGINEER — Refrigerating engineer for 35-ton
Ice makir.K plant. In city near San Francisco;
state experiece and give reference. Address
box 3420. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced foreign shipping clerk;
rr.ust be able to operate typewriter; state ref-
erences and salary expected; permanent po-
sition. Box 34US. Call. ' .•
BARBER ?hop across the bay; the only shop
in populated vicinity; cheap rent; splendid
opportunity for young couple; price flOO. 723
Market st. •
WANTED — Non-unicn boilermakers, black-
smiths and machinists. Call at room 25, 239
Powell St., 2 to 4 p. m.
CHAUFFEUR wanted — To run a private car;
must be experienced; state experience; ref-
erence required. Address box 3428, Call.
GOOD first-class barber for Saturday and San-
day; steady. _515 Hayea et.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 218 Mont-
gomery ave.
WANTED — Good steady barber. 804 Folsom
street.
FOUR capable representatives for a growing
business. San Bruno House. 116 Fourth st.
NIGHT cook and 2 waiters: union house.
Cross' Bakery. 517 Montgomery st.
EXPERIENCED' b£dmaker; $9 per week and
. room. 1045 Market et.
TWO boys w_ntea. about 17. DECKELMAN
BROS.. IOC E21ls_st ;
WANTED — First-class coachman.:- city. Ad-
dress box 2170. Call branch. 22uO Fillmore st
WANTED — Ftrrt-clase upholsterer. WAKE-
FIELD MNFG. CO.. 461-463 4th ft.. Oakland.
WANTED — A steady baker; good place. Ad-
dress P. O. box 223. Sebastopol, Cal. ' '
THREE-chair ba bershop for sale cheap. "H.
BERNARD. 1C4 Seventh st.
. ~" " ' jill : "~~ '
Men to learn th« BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured: coa-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay sC
HONEST man for plain accounts and collect-
ing. «tc. : permanent: references and some
each neceesarv: salary and commission; no
triflers. 14 McAllister ft., suite 10.
BARBER for the country ; wages thirty ($30)
dollars per month, board and room. Address,
stating age and experience, Nelson Hotel
Co., Oicma, Marin County, Cal.
WASTED — A boy about 16 for office work;
reply in own handwriting, stating age. expe-
rience, salary expected: give references and
particularly !ast position. Box 3401. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Roikin. R*no House proprietor, hat
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third et.: 250 rooms: 25e to SOc per night.
BARBERS — *£ Interest In a strictly flrst-clasa
shop, funning 3 chairs steady and one extra,
for sale cheap. 410 Hayes st.
WANTED — A man. upholsterer preferred, to
take Interest In furniture store. Inquire 629
East Main St.. Stockton. Cal.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Western College of
Barbers. 647 Commercial st.
TRT cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
SI 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay
exprers or mail charges. 11 3d st.,Exam. bid.
BARBER shop for sale cheap. 829*4 Kearny
st.; owner going to Alaska.
BARBER shop for sale; clears $25 per week;
. sickness cause cf sale. 3147 Twenty-fourth.
COMPETENT, reliable watch repairer wanted.
U. D. HOWARD, Eureka. Cal.
WANTED — General blacksmith. Fourteenth
ave. end N st.. South.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday. 505 Four-
teenth St.. Oakland. •
CARRIAGE painters: steady Job to good men.
LARKINS & CO., 651 Howard st.
3-CHA1R barber shop: first-class business; a
good cbalce. 1894 Folsom St., cor. 15th.
TWO - CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap.
WILL _ FINCK. 21 O'Farre'.l st.
SAILORS f nnd ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
LABOR debts collected; cults, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy., r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade: wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
Pemlon Atty.. E.'A. Bullls, r. 40. Phetaa bldg.
Pitt Com. Gto. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson St.
WINCHESTER Hotel.- 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c nlrht: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The- Call for th« reception
of advertisements and aubscrlptlons has beea
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Op«n until 11 p. rn.
ALL rises men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. -. VH Mission it* bet. 1st and I'd sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc. f.r.3 Mission, st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WASTED— SOXiXCZTOaS.
SOLICITORS and acents desiring a good sal-
ary t and commli'sion will call forenoon or
address C. D. CHADD. rm. 1. Brooklyn Ho-
tel. Bush St.. bet. Sansome-MontKOmcry.S. F.
UOKSKS AND WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND Toomey; pneumatic part, rub-
ber-tire phaeton, platform gear fuiltop su*-
rey, open • hack, rubber-tire coupe, tandem
cart pneumatic and solid-tire ball-bearing
buggies, cheap at O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and
- Golden Gate ave. '
A WELL-MATCHED bay team. 6 and 7 years
old, 15-3 hands; fine drivers; saddle broken;
price $500; a. bay single-footer. 8 years;
1000 Geary st.
One 3-ton platform wagon, one 12-foot platform
furniture .wagon and three spring wagons of
all kinds. 1501-1503 FcUom st.
FOR sale — First-class saddle horse; 16 hands;
brown: 7 yeara old. Lin wood Hotel, San Ma.
t»o, Cal. ¦ * . ' .
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
Ccunty. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevens**; S. F.
EAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
•ession begins June C. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELKY. 610 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES of all grades bought, sold and tx-
changed. H. ATKINSON. 65 Hermann si.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, bar.
Bess, work and driving horses. 1 Jlh- Vaiencl*.
HOUSES TO LET. I
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
PERRY, 204, near Fourth — 57; house of 3
room*; water free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
* CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
HO. M-...N '«:• ¦ eli— KI : K.\iSHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house; 7 large, sunny
rocms; bath, large yard, basement. 104 Pierca
St., nr. Haight; references required. Inquire
0-12 a. m., 5-7 p. m., «r 207 Examiner bi«Jg.
FURNISHED 10-room house to rent for three
months cr longer; Baker St.. near park: $75;
references required. Box 3421. Call office.
HOUSES "WANTED — FCRXISHED.
WANTED— Comfortable house In M151 Valley
for June and July; state price and location;
references exchanged. 1001 San Antonio
ave.. Alameda. '
__amc-txa roa _oy_7 ~
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
•t.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co.. Unlon-st. wharf ;boat-
tag & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ; tel. John 2680.
' LOST A.\U FOL.MJ.
LOST — April 24, 3-year-old mare; blue gray;
scar on hip; one ear split; white spot on
forehead; 750 pounds; |20 reward. -OUIS
CASSEN. Silver ave. . .
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society- of San Francisco in the
name of LEILA E. WARREN. No. 244-SS3.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Purse containing money on Market st..
between Joe Rosenberg's and the Lick House.
Return to Lick House and receive reward.
LOST sinalf white dog with black spots on
side and on tall. Return to WO Green St.;
Reward. ' ¦ ¦*.*;
LOST— A large" malteee cat having name on
collar. Return . to 363S Washington su aad
receive reward/ ¦ . -
LOSTV- Foot of Broadway, Oakland, chatelaine
, purse containing check $21 and £47 cash. Re-
turn to 22C8 Enclnal ave.. Alameda; reward.
PIN: lady's head, pearl border, , diamond leaf;
dead nueband'a gift; lib. reward. 25C6 Pine.
LOST — Tuesday, a bunch of keys. Return to
cashier, 725 Mission St.; reward. • -
LOST— Lady's gold watch anq" brooch. Finder
. please return to 307 Call bldg., reward.
FOUND — Llewellya setter. Inquire 581 Eighth
street. .. . '¦'."- *
MEDICAL. \
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me: my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
' orbitant fet*. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all
female disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
¦
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
ccmplaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S2S Post st.
: MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected ; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market si
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: lust, relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. DR. GWTEK. having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at 511 A
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O'F_rrelL
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 yeara' ex.;
private. Or. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded : confidential.
DR. EMILIA FDNKE, 1416 8th st.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folscm St.. corner
- 26th: ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
YOU can obtain 'relief ; wemea only. DR. R.
H. WESTON. 805 Kearny st.
DK. and MRS. ; DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
- origin— t'method of treatment. 1129 Market at.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB, SALJ.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH -SWOLPMAN. 185- lt/7 Fremont sU
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite: In rblls easy to lay;
needs no palatine or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shineles; beat for new roofs.
ELATKRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys. «hafting, etc., etc., bought. sold,
rented aiij exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint: guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.: tel. Main 1428.
A — FINE suits, $7 00; dress pants, $2 50. Orij-
lnal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 239 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to ft p. n>.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-265 Spear at.
GENT'S full dress. Prince Albert and 4 Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS..
25 Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry fpr sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gent's full-dress rental parlors,
moved .from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton
st., upstairn.
ALTERATION* sale— Best $2 00 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st., near
P— tef open to 0 p. ra. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes, at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shots at $2 B0; ws pay express
charges. 11 3d ft.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
PIGEONS — All the leading, varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
FOR sale — 2 larue bed*: cheap. Apply between
1 and 5, J.15 Twelfth *t.
GOOD pool and billiard table; cheap; complete
outfit; Brunswick's. Inquire 7C6 Folsom 6t.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupl.
moved to 786 Mission st.
GOOD brlckznaklng machine with 28 molds.
Chrtfttman Bros., 11th & St.- Jp.mes, San Jose.
SECOND-HAND safe* $55; 60-Inch desk. 427.
RICHARDSON BROS., 1616 Market st.
IMPROVED Wood printing presaes, gaaolln»
engines. Boyer Machine Works, 46 Spear st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; -some
new: 16x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
AEK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER _ CO., 110 Moatg*y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT A AWNING CO..35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush 8M
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister St.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches:
easy payments. GARIN. S03 Hay ward bldg.
SAFES and' cash registers, new and secoad-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck _ Co., 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictiirer. magic lantern*, sale, rental;
bargains. Hullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFEfU-Xew and second-hand. E. B. . BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st. .
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all KUe*. J. K. DOAK. 48 Fremont «t.
JI»CKM.A>Kni)S WAVTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, 'sealskins, dia-
monds, gents* full dress suits etc; send-
postal <v»rd. LICHTENSTEIN' BROS., 25
Stockton st. .
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. paya the
highest price for buildings and will remove
. the largest building In 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
BABY girl. IS months old. wants a home and
a. mother. Box 8432. Call office.
MORRIS gives - highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castc(f clothing: . postal. 043 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical Bocds. 154 Oth st.; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, eold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co..' 782 Mission: phone Bush 407.
SHOES wanted: misfit — castoff; highest prea.;
now *• ?d-han<1 nhfw»« **r ¦«!«. I T4» Ml"!"!!.
MONEY, ro LOAN.
V MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,"*
IKTEREST 5H AND »J PER: CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY," OAKLAND,
TOWN and COUNTRY real estate. - .
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided-Interests in real estate.^, property In
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
CROCKER BUILDING. »
PPST AND MARKET ETS. . . .
S S Tiff i lTTTii_ii f w — - - • " ¦ ¦-"- .-.— ii---.*''— - ->-*. «-— — -Ja- _,„.,.. .fe&iaaL aW-ta. .
REAL E8JATE^ITV-.FOR g A *f l; -
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lota In the
.Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level; bo
grading to do; ready to build your little horn*
on; close to electric ears and school.
"W. J. WHITE.
j 26 Montgomery St.. room ft.
— .«» - ¦
COTTAGE of 5 r. . and b. on 26th St.. near
Sanchez: modern Improvements; $£5<)U; can
get loan of $1SOO If wanted.
$250 down for new coua«re on San Joe«
ave. D. COFFIN * CO.. 3303 Mission st.
$3000 — MODERN cottage. 5 rooms aad bath,
bet. 16th aud 17th sts.: Mission warm belc
fine location; easy terms. Apply 3316 Mis-
sion st-
BUILD your unimproved realty; we loaa fall
eost improv. and part lot at «%. MANHAT.
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class hy ALH-
BACH * MAYER. Plumber- S30 Howard »t.
REAL ESTATE Cenntry— For Sal*.
GREAT bargmla — Rich. Irrigated farms; bit
caosl; free water right; very cheap: easy
.terms; hemeseeker'a opportunity. C — L
WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market •—
6-ROOM cottage at Larkspur; almost new;
modern; fin* for summer resldeace: % mile
from station: SU00: $100 cash, balance *l-
per month.
W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California at.. San Francisco. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent tree. C, M. WOOSTER CO.. «4S
• Market st.
I'OI.NT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
LAET chanee — $3 monthly; lots any tract: first
.. price, first choice; near sites bought for fac-
tories, etc. A. AT. BELL. 211 Montgy.. S. F.
4 CHOICE lots, cheap. 32S Bush st.. 3d floor,
room 4.
KBA— i ESTATE TO EXCUA.tOS.
A GOOD ranch in Napa County to exchange
for a rooming-house or hotel worth from
$2500 to fJOCO. P. C. LA3SEN & CO., 468
Tenth St., Oakland. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE-
AN OPPORTUNITY.
Nearly, new cottage of 5 large rooms, viz.:
Reception and dining room, polished Cocrs,
marble fireplace, 2 bedrooms, bath, kitchen,
pantry, etc.; gas throughout; high basement
with stationary tubs and photographic dark-
room; lot 40x122:6; street work and cement
sidewalks; on Grove st.. 1 minute from Ashby
station: $2500; easy terms. Sole agent.
H. D. IRWIN*. Lorln Station. Berkeley; open
Sundays.
OAKLAND ADVEBTISEMEtfTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
¦ OAKLAitD REAL ESTATE.
THE RUSTIC BUNGALOW, so odd and eom-
plete that It Is the talk of the city: NW.
corner of 13th ave. and E. 2Sth St.; 8 rooms
and 2 batha: exterior finished la redwood
logs and clinker bricks; large let; beautiful
marine view; space too expensive to extoll
lts**nany different qualities: seeing Is be-
lieving: open for ln!»pection dally; terms only
$10CO caeh: balance mortgage.
J. S. MYEBP, ..
- 1002 BROADWAY.
C. K. MARSHALL NOTARY AND REAL
ESTATE.
HAS REMOVED TO 1070 BROADWAY.
y i - A !^ LA -?'".*- i !'5 ; '- KX - i -Ty- RE - _yi oit salb '
TO- MORROW the day for bargains In furat-
ture. H. Schellhaas.llth st..cor.store.Oaklan—
San Francisco Advertism'ts.
ROOMS FOR HOOSEKEEPno.
ALL sunny; best la city; 3 or 4 rms.; furnished
or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
- MENTS. 1500 Sacramento St.. near Larkln.
FOLSOM, £47 — 4 rooms and bath, complete;
piano.
GUERRERO. 5JS — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms.
partly furnished.
HOWARD, 1550 — Large sunny front alcove
room, suitable fcr housekeeping.
KNICKERBOCKER ADartmeats. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up
LARKIN, S17H— Nicely furnished suncy front
room; folding bed; pa.« stove; reasonable.
POLK. 101S — Sunny suites, 2 and 3 rooms, $12
month up; gas, bath, phone, etc; also single;
no objection to children. }*
TWO large eunny rooms furnished for house-
keeping: gas ransre, laundry, phone; rent $15.
Apply 2133 Mission st.
TURK. If— 5Vi — Floor of three sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping and home-making;
every convenience: adults; call 10 to S.
APABTMZHT HOTT3S1.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
10S4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 roo— is and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST.CECILE. 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave.— Th»
acme of perfection In modern, elegaatly fur-
niched 3-room apartments. with private baths,
iteam heat, electric llght.elevator. gas raages;
f30. $35, $37. $40. $43, $47 SO. $50. $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — MoCern 3-4-5
rooms; turn, or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
HOU.11S TO LET— -Furn. and Infant.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week aad
I'sht housekeeping rooms: open alt night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 2oc. SOc. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT 1120 Market fold No. 1364) — Fur-
, nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 22S4 — 2 connecting unfurnished bous«-
kpg. rooms; sunny; gas, running- water: $10.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GHAXD Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 748 Ellis— Elegaatly Mr-
- nifhtd suites and single rooms.
HOWARD, PV. — 2 clean, suncy rooms, bath.
$12; other* $1 60 and $3 per week.
MARKET. 1004 — One room to let; $1 25 per
week. ' '
POST, 8S9. near Hyde— Large furnished front
room: bath: gas; for 1 or 2 gent—
HOYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
rta. ding-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50: week, $3
to fS; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot aad cold water; bath*.
THE ET. KATHRYN. NE. cor. Leaveaworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms in the city; new
hotel; just furnished fresh and clean; hair
mattresses In every room; also hot and cold
water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern coavenl-
ence; rooms from $3 per week up.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy/ near Market — »0O
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $» week: ele»-
trrc lights (no gas), runalng water In evury
room: rlevator.read.-room: free bus: baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. S1&— Elegant front parlon
and adjoinlnc suite for office or club.
VAX NESS ave.. 512— New. elegantly furnished
suite fot 3 gents, doctor or dentist; corner
house; modern; also one single room.
WIN'CHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd st.. near Mirlcet—
Most convenient and respectable: 70Q rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $3 week; elevator:
elee. lights; reading-room: free bus: tasri*;
WOLF House. 202. Sixth st. — Rooms from 15o
to $1 per night and from SOc to $2 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan * Church in
A BRANCH office Of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at lOOS Market it., opposite Fifth.
' Open until 11 p. m.
ROOM* A\t» IIOAHD.
HOTEL BALTIMORE?^" -¦
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1224— Elegant Urge
front alcove room; gas. bath, running water.
with board: suitable for 2; private family.
HOWARD. 84lA_Fim-class beard A room,
•taste or double. 13 & SS week: Amer. family.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— One cr two well furnished rooms
with private bath, by single gentleman;
state price and locatlcn. Box 3454. Call.
STORAGE* A.VD WAREHOCSBI.
X^EMPORJU— T Storage * Van Co.: furniture,
bcusebold goods stored, moved, shipped. 7_*»
731 Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Grant 1«*L
A— GILBERT A STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. aad Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South 750
P1FRCE-RODOLPH Storage - Moving O_. of-
fice Post and Powell «t_: tel. Prlv. Ex. 871.
CONKUN- S Storage — Furniture and merehaa-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone E- st UML
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. S40
Mission St.; t«L Howard Ml. F. W. Zehfasa.
' PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
P»ny. _CQ FV.l— .ore «t-: phon* Jackson 23L
KEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgo— «e—T
St.: tel. Main l»40 fhrpprnc »t cut r«te»
8EAV1SG MACH1XM ASP SCPPLIIJS».
DOMESTIC— The machine for family us*;
best la cheapest; second -har.d all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest ratesu.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOMG — See our new triple- feed rn.i-
chlaes: silently used; $10 $13 $20: second-
band. $3 $3 %3: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machtn. Co.. 1051 Market at.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS "and" NOISE3 In EARS
positively cured: new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free Dr Cnttlnrhara 2Oi Sutttr st.
STVTTERIXO A.\D ST.l.HMERI.\(J.
MELBOURNE Icstltu7eT~v1ia^N^wis~_^MlirkelC
promises cure If In fair health; hours 1 to 3.
TYPEWRITERS ASD SUPPLIES.
AS exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. t
Emith Premier. $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 30. Ta»
Typewriting Exchange. S36 California si.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. - M. ALEXANDER. 110 Moat-
gomery st.
ZD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired. ,
Webster Typewriter Inipgc. Co.. 5ft« Market.
BOTTDS TO^SAJJS.
BONDS for sale — Notice Is hereby glvea that
sealed bids will be received until 2 o'emcJc
p. ra L. Saturday. May 23. 1&O4, by the Boar I
or Control of the Territory of Arizona, at th»
office of said beard la the City of Phoenix.
Arizona fcr the sale of Tea Eonds of ta»
denomination of One Thousand Dollars cub.
btariDg date January 1, 1304, due aad p_y«
able January 1. 1954. bearing Interest at in*
rate of five per ceat (5%) per annual, optional
after twenty-five years. Issued by the Ter-
ritory ot Arizona, la accordance with _te>
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-s«c-
end Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act has been approved by th»
Congress of the United States. Interest or»
said bonds will be paid setal-annually on
the first day of January and July of (ten
/car ar.J both principal and interest payabi*
In gold cola of the United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible baak for 5
per cent of the amount of the bid. payable
to the order of E. E. Klrklaod. Territorial
Trea. surer, aad a ccpy of this advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment ia full up ,n allotmeat aa4
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserv«a
the right to reject aay aad all bids. Bxds
must be sealed and addressed to the Boarl
ot Control. Phoenix. Arizona, aad marke<i
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylu— t
* Bonds "
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th Soor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market St.. opposite Third—
For the half yea- »ed:ng 31st of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at ta«
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
' capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable oa and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 8, 5 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 4O5 Mont-
gomery St.. room g. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
PRUHUS.D.S.
PROPOSALS fcr mineral oil — Office Depot
Quartern—— ter. 30 New Montgomery st., San
Francisco. Cal., May" 13, 1&O4. Sealed pro-
posals, la triplicate, subject to u*ual con-
dltioas. wil\ h« received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Friday, May 27. 1904, and then opened
for *urni»hlnff and storing of 2C0.C00 gallons
mtneral ell. 135 degree flash test. In cases of
five gallons each. Preference will be glvea
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, condition- of price and quality being
e<}ual (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence given t.» articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the Pacifle
Coast to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by th» public service there. The
United States reserves right to accept or re-
ject any or all proposals or aay part thereof.
Information and blank proposals furnished
on application. Envelopes containing pro-
posals to be marked "Proposal for Mineral
Oil No. SS03." and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL, Q. M., U. S. Army, Depot Quarter-
— mster. ;
XRE~VSURY Department, office of the Super-
vising Architect. Washington. D. C. April
2s 1904— Seal proposals wiu b« received
at' this office until 3 o'clock p. ra. oa th»
Sth day of June. W04, and then opened, for"
th« tanks, puraps. piping, etc.. for a crud»
petroleum burning plant for the boilers in
the U. 8. Postoffice. Courthouse, etc. at
San Francisco, California, In aecordanc*
with the drawings and specification, copies
of which may b« had at this office or at
the ofnee of the Superintendent at San Fran-
cisco Cal- at the discretion of the Super-
vising Architect. JAMES KNOX TATLOR.
Supervising Architect.
Offle* of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks.
¦Wash., May 10. 10C4. Sealed proposals, la
triplicate will be received here until 11 a. m..
June 8, i9O4. and then opened, for construct-
ing EK-ctric Lighting System at this post.
For full Information apply at this office, or
to the Chief Quartermaster. Pullman Build-
ing Chicago, cr Depot Quartermaster. Army
Bulltiing, New York. V. 8. reserves the right
to reject any or all bids or accept aay part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals should
be marked: "Proposals for Electric yLlghtlng
at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.," and addressed
to under»lgn»d. F. G. HODGSON. C. Q. M.
LEGAL ADVERTISE— ETTS.
NOTICE — Office of Insurance Commissioner.
8an Francisco. Cat- May 11. 1904 — Having
ascertained that the capital stock of ths
Union Surety and Guaranty Company has
become Impaired, and that said company has
become Insolvent within the true intent and
meaning of the Insurance laws of the Stata
of California. I have this day revoked Its
• certificate of authority, previously irraiited.
as provided In section 6<X> of the Political
Code, and notice Is hereby given that sal*,
company Is no longer authorized to transact
the business of Insurance within this State.
E. MTRON'WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
£ MARRIAGE LICENSES^
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: *
Ern-st D. Colburn. 21, city, and Emily M.
Egan. 13, city.
Hiehard J. Shane, 42. city, and Alics Muutz,
**8 city
" Glenn V. Bell. 21. 16 Elliot Park, aad LUxU
Lagomarslno. 1». 8« Elliot Park.
. Mllo.J. Glllett. 59. 2310 San Bruno avenue,
aad Stella F. MaUvena. l". 2314 Saa Bruno.
Pletro -Boaaia. 21. Oilrr*. »nd Nina. K.
Martorell*. 2O. 1C5 Heron avenue.
Alfred E. Dlllinc. 2«. 31* Hyde street, and
Margaret Rother. 28, 314 Hyde street.
Henry T. Larkln. 21. 42* Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Mary R. Brooks, 21. 105« Geary street.
Isaac Wolrt. 23, 1457 Buchanan street, and
Hattle Simon. 24. 42> Franklin street.
George E. Middleman. 25. city, and Flor-
eac« I. Bruton. 2tt.» Alameda.
fttfano T— ivento. 2». 4.TS* Greenwich street,
and Rosa Baache— ). 21. 4.T9 Greenwich street.
John T. Klnkaii*. 21. «C1 Hsyen street, and
Gertrude A. McCarthy. 1«. 64S Hayes street.
EIRTHS—MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, rt»rrta*« and d«>ath notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at elt»»er of the oublicatton offices and ee
Indorsed with tfce name and residence of per-
sons aut_crix*d to have tha same published.
Notices restricted simply to the * nJ \° unc *, m _"
of the event art published on« la this comma
free of charge.
ANDERSON- In this city. May ». WM. to the.
wife of James Harlow Andersen, a son.
EKLUND— In this city. May 0. 19W. to to*
wife cf C. S. Eklund. a son.
GRIFFIN— la this city. May 6. 190*. to th«
wife of John Griffin, a sob.
WAIT-— In this city, May 10. 190J, to th«
wife of H- R- Wait*, a daughter.
_ 3IARRIED /
COLBURN— EG AN— In this city. Hay tt.
Continued on Pagtj Fourteen,
WONKY TO -PAN — Contlnned.
AA A— HKK—AN UUtlfHX,
".->v-j. .. 601-602-t>03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no dl^ppolatments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,'
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. -¦
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidentuj.
Whea You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
— __________
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
i Mortgage, on real estate or -
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Lew rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattel-
Location, etc
Box 408. Call offlc-
A. A DO YOU NEED MONEY T T T
" Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval :.lc west rates and easiest plan In city;
den't hesitate to call; information cheerfully
given; xu. publicity: reliable and square deal-
¦•- lor. PEOPLE'S TRUST CO.. -
625 MARKET ST.. ROOM 4C2. PARROTT Bldg
SALARY LOANS— ~~~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone: confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; so com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 63 Doaohce bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; teL Main 1844. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskiai
and valuables: our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton ;phone Bush 4it
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payment*, large, business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs). loans money on diamonds, jew-
J elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
• bsolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy;no commlssion;lnstallments accepted.
J BONELLI. 3C1 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, ccnfidentlal. 26 Montgomery St., rtn. 7.
MONEY to loan oa low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls -and precious stones bought
at W.-J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. • of Wyoming leans money to
ealeried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103V* Brdwy.. suite 1-3.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Great av»..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy, method — To wage earners on unla-
dcrsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Ccmpany, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg. .
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed cotes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chatul mortgages,
life insurance policier, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Saving's Bank building. 708 Market it.
lhi per cent on furniture and planes; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bldg.. Ex. ent.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
rmo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. K38 Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indoreer. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
-' Mf'SICAL IXSTKVMfiXTS.
One Erard; nice condition , $50
Ofte Engll«h Le Blond: good order $75
One Sterling; cost $325; new $165
One Lel&s, walnut case; fine crder $173
On>. Chickering; mahogany case $250
One Knabe, used one year, latest style; one
Etetuway used 2 years, latest style; one
Vote mancgany case, used S months; also 1
new piano, mahogany case, three strings, lat-
est style, upright grand. $117 50.
- ' $10 Squares $10.
Emerson, Kurtzman, Cummings, Hallet _ Da-
vis. Stelaway, Kranlch _ Bach, Halnec and 40
others from $10 up; easy payments— guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SOX, ltt OTarrelL
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month: the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30. upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
- PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes at. ,
RENTING Is our specialty; $2 up; apply on
purchase; Installments $4 up. HEING
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.: Oakland. 1252
Broadway.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs. $23. BYRON
MAUZT. 803 Post st.
A NEARLY new upright grand, fine tone,
,ch-?ap: owner going away. 337 Clement st.
TREMENDOUS slaughter storage pianos and
fur. ; dirt cheap. Whitehead's.1636 Market et.
$165 — STEINWAY upright; private party: no
reasonable cash otter refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos eold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. BCHMITZ & CO., 1« McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Steinway up; Checkering baby grand;
Shoclnger. little osed. Keeffe's. 2S5O 1 Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan plaao
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st
OFFICES AM) STORKS TO LET.
FOLSOM. 935— Large, airy store: well lighted;
also 3 large rooms: yard; will lease.
PEKSOXALS.
A fresh smooth and young looking face.
\V ith a real, genuine "baby skin." .
Don't forget the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 7S1 O'Farrell St.. near Larkln.
Call or write fcr book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
tkln, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A FINE scflt to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT lees than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st. ______*
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugi dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.A.W.Dr.Travers,1170 Market
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 50, pojit
paid. DR. BURNARD _ CO.. 140 Geary. IF.
SUITS to order en Installments of $1 per week,
NEUHAUS - CO. (inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton.' electric needle specialist. 363 Sut-
ter, r. M)0. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, trigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptlon Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at. all druggists'.
————————————————
H. JEROME F08ELLI. scientific palmist. 51S
Taylor >t.. near Gearvj Phone Black OKI.
PArarrrwo. PAPEBHAargrtrQ. eto.
Painters, paper-hangers, slgnwrlte; ant work;
prices rood. 1272 Folsom: phcne Mint 131.
PATEirrsr"
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 332 Market st.
FBYSICIAXS AXD SimtiEOJi*.
_ff~C~C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skla and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR. FALL. 1073H Market st. -
REMOVED— DR. WOSO HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason;' now lo-
cated at 667 Geary ¦_; near Leaveaworth.
DR. TONO PO CHT. successor to Dr. U Po
Tat. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
<¦ by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WOSO WOO. the famous herb doctor — AH dls-
«»»» cured fcr Chinese herbw.' 748- S Clay St.
PAUTXEHS: WASTED.
WANTED— Partntr for established planing
'. mill and '• cabinet «hoD; amall capital. 752
Franklin St., -Oakland.
TLATg TO LET. .
T.f^HOrSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
_ deslratle \tc_ct aaan acd fiats are list- i
', j ; r. . or Jree — iaung cepartmeat; over 1000
ursber: a combined list frcra all agencies;
• If F' v e >"°*» a lift and help you to find a
««. ct-ver fall; e«rviee free.
- rTKIU-ING FURNITURE CO '
1O» MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
3 and fiat* to let; an Immense list;
•-:uu:y free; take advantage of
: ..i-.r-.ect; ft win save you time and
C.i its Furniture Co.. 245-258 G«ary
. _m sauare.
1 Si'if*. near Fllhnor* — Lower flat, three
. b— B_? racna; bath, modern taprove-
. -_ - no children; $13.
¦-r :n every rorm; modern 5 rocms-
• l«M Capp «.. near Twenty-fifth;
reasonable.
• - ' '¦/-*. 5-« r .. basement, yard: rent reas-
r_b"« • U54. ur* Eighth ave.. Sunset
1 ¦¦¦ :_'.tn Gate Park.
pi \\T fiat of 3 rooms, yard aad cellar In
. - et i'll Filbert st. : $9. Inquire baker
' '(MJ Filbert rt.
¦' - . TON" place. 5. off FWscm st.. nr. Third
- :•- "at. 3 bay-window rooms; rent $12.
rtcjJ-U 26, near Fourteenth — Sunny mld-
:^t: * roo-re. bath and yard: $20.
N. ?:6. rear Fll! mere— Frcnt and rear
Jtr: r.tw; 3 and 4 rooms; batha,
; • • VE. S, few steps from City Hall— Flat of
:• rocrr.g ar.4 bath: rent $23.
.•:.*V N. 734. near McAllister— Nice modern flat.
., • rxji ana bath; rest $30.
«?¦ $_5$SO 2 ~ NeW Cat "' ' ""^ •*-* =
MASONIC Jite.. 1C;7. near Park— Elegant.
up-to-date tipper fiat.
NEW «r.oierr. Cat cf 6 rocms and bath: rea-
f-r.ab> to responsible party. g-JS Harrison st.
'.: < _:^ 'C'i— Perlcr fk<r. kitchen, etc.; separ-
•e entrance :all conveniences for dregsm'k'rs.
_ ; ::i:N upper flat, attic. 9 rooms; sun every
-. . $55. 27S Ninth aw., Rlchmcnd Ditt.
n: ?.* jr.od^m 'ccrafr flat; fS^co—;* and bath
• T2> .Devisadero st., comer Fulton.
J' LK. :¦ a — New. sunny Hat cf 3 roexss and
bat-; rtr.t $15.
*^ — UP.FER flat cf 9 rocms: — todera. 1303%
'¦'¦>:>r n.. n«*»r Masonic ave.
Vl.ATS X° IET KLRMSHKU.
Five iar.dscme sur.ny roomy; $3o7^sriendTa
.\.tj-. 4230 Twentieth rt.. near Castro.
1'tlX-tDEF.E, 141. t«T Height— Flat of 3
rttcs ..£_: farsisfced; bath; garden; cheap.
I'LAT <•' 7 rotims: coal and gas etovts; piano.
. 713 Grcve gt.: call 11 to 3.
• e»LATS I'OIt *_LK FUKXISHEU.
• J2C-— FURNISHED hou&e" f 8 rooms, bath.
gas." r_as^ ajl rented; rest paid to June 1:
"rent $35. 215 Jessie «t.
FTH lt!#— 2 orc'iy furnished fiats. Apply 213
TS.irt^er.th st.
FVRNITURE and piano. C roor.s: cheap; sua-
r.X f-£t r-r. Park; rect ?S5. Bex 340g^ CalL
EXXGANT furnished Cat fcr s— !e; open for la-
f-y-V.r. from lo a. ra. to 4 p. m. 1427 oL _,
VAN* NE^S ave.. S07— Fcr sale cheap, fur-
r:rcrt cf-a 7-rocm flat.
FlltMTlttE KOn SALE.
rCRSOTCBE for sale; $75 worth for $7 50
; dewn "ana $1 50 per week. BRILLLVNT'fi.
340 near Powell.
—AHOGA'Nr aad rosewood wardrobes, bureau.
•hall y>-aj.de»k.n.e..for saie chfar.lt»42 TOImore
. »- C It X I Tt RE WASTED
AEE LEVY. "'
Se^earoosj, 11^5 Market st. Tel. Jessie 7C1.
Df-nt sell yo-ur fumltur*. carpeta, office fur-
n:tare, etc., ur.tli you get his estimate.
CHj-_»USVT - O". pay highest price tor fur-
rV.ure.c-rpeig. etc. ~i2 Mlftlas; te_ Bush 467
A. _ STOKES pays highest caEh prices fuml-
- -t-rt. cfcrj-ets. etc.; tel. Larkia 3C31. CC4 Ellla.
. ll__i« \% A.M-_U 1 t;_A_t_
• —-»¦-- - -..-.¦ -U-. .- -¦-¦_. -,,-, -i i- .. ,. .rij. - ,-ir i- |.,,. -a/vmrw .
WANTED — First -class Oerau cock, no wash-
t'-i£. fehort distance ia country. $35; first-
• ciacs cock for Arr:erjcaa family, in city, no
washiEjr. $25; German gtri. housework, no
v.a*h:ng. 8S_nt_ Clara Valley. <35; girl for
cock:ng .a_d a«stft housework. 3 in taicliy.
for B«tte County. $35; chambermaid and
laundress, short distance In country. S.TO; 2
l_8ndretses fcr countrj" hotels, $25: waitress
and cstaibenn-id. cocatn' hotel. $25; wait-
* r*-Mi«for reacrt. $25: 4 second girls. i2t and
$!¦*»; 1 45r*t-cl_ss nurses, with references. $23,
S_5 *.~ : * • • and a. la rg* number cf girls for
housework, city cr country, too numerous to
mention $—5 and f3>). Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CT>.. 22* Sutter st.
W^.NTEP — First-class lady's maid and sea— i-
.• r'r^fs. hours frr>— i S a. ra. to <i p. — i.. for
lisj- bcarcUsx at hotel; references requirM
ar.d r>p«t cf wages paid. Apply J. F. CROS-
~*KTT tk CO.. C.-H4 gutter ft., city.
WANTED — For tummer resort. 2 girls at $25
. *ac£ to <Jo tb# waiting, chamber work and
srrce washing; not a large place: 2 persons
(*. eiperteace will find it a fin* locatlca
<Sar.ta r.: Mour.u ilns) and «— sy work. £ee
i. F. CRQgETT i CO.. 334 Butter et.
WANTED — -'A German woman to assist with
•cveral works about a sanitar:um. $30. See
• J F CP.O5ETT — CO.. 354 Sutter St.
. V. ANTED — A firrt-clats nurse to care for
t»;r.s. 3*s years DM. and go with fa_!ily to
S*s Gatrrs Jor summer KT.thi, $25. J. F.
. CT.'iPETT & CO., S34 Patter st.
A— VaNTED — Girl» to learn hairdressiag.
• Jr.ar,4^irir4r. etc.; trad* taugbt from A to Z
in 2 -tfeekv. $3 to those entering now; 3 po-
? . •* 't;- fill t~sm#dl«.telr: poaitians guara n-
;+*4 at >!<> oer we<tk up; leading school In
'¦¦•-• _9 <S«at— et., roo— i 13.
A^Gtris to le_ra raiilinery now for spring «a-
¦ce: tpth reasons taught from start to finish
;n Y month fcr $1£; poeitionc as trimmere.
• »aifs:a<!i*s, «tc. guarante'-d at $10 per wk up.
* oiiV Mtf'«r«__— clafs. 143 Stockton st,, r. 13.
*— ' — LAUIEsi u> learn all branches halrdressing
" tra<3*. jr-_nicurir.g, — ;aes£g«, etc. 1239 Mar-
ket rt.. cor. Jeo«<. room S»4; positions secured
et hlsh'rt *¦«{«; day and «ve. class: call.
WANTED — Young lady as stenoprapber.
• _T KWrttW end to asr'.st bockkeejier; salary
•2£ and tzpward. according to experience;
?tate, as*. .xp*ri»"nc*s and references. A<J-
<Jre»f> brx S41S*. Call office. ;-
WaNTHI> — Mi<i<SJe-ar»d wocaaa for gen. hoas«-
B *ork; 4 ndulrr. '2 _t_ Mresi in family: wash-
:r,g wrt out with "xr^jrticn of baby clothes:
•><-0tncn__ M. C. AMt;y. Grants Pass. Or.
VANTEIW'Experier.ced ralcsiady for lace and
fancy rfxxU de^ts. MARKS BROS.. 1220
Market tt.
YOUNG woman for dishwashing and scrubbing
* &\. Hebrew Orphanage. WI0 Devisadero st. ;
rood «ic_.
.TRAY ciri wanted: n-jn be c!un; sleep home:
fi-rt a DBflB— I and .boer«l. California General
HoFpitfcl. 2."<> :>•¦•.. t-'i»f st. #
AN experienced wrapper. JOE ROSENBERG,
MC'Mnrket ft.
WA.KTEIJ— Pants finishf— t. Apply at once, S.
TC. WOOD & CO.. 43 Geary »t.
. ¦ — .^—^^ — — -— — _ ™__^__ __
CIRL,.-n*:« ccntrel hou«»work. rooking, light
wa*hinr. f;5. Call Saturday. TCI Cartro st.
WAITRESS 5 wanted: !*>. « days work Capital
. Itet-tsLC—tat, 20ft McAHUter tt.. above Hyde.
TVAKTEU — Ojieratcrs en eustom pants; musst
be :-.»;.*-¦. »ell ejrperienced; no others fcp-
rJy; £2o to _5c per pair. Golden Gut Co..
7tl SlaPket wx.
*A LADY to csr.va?*; b«*t exiling ar.4 most
•.ttractive article; $1 25 per day and per-
«*rtagr: call afur 2. MRS. AUER. Hotel
Rex. 242 Turk *!. . .
•"*WANTT_>— ExperieEff-d rloak and pult aalej-
woman. Apply at HALE liROS.' bet. S and
11 a. m.
WANTED — Young woman who is «xperieneed
• dry fkj&a wr*;r*r. Ai>ply at HALE IiROS.'.
between 9 »nd II a. m.
WANTED— Altrratlcn tsn^s ca "Hits and
rklrts, at STRAUSS fc FROIIMAN. 107 Post.
J?T leading firm, 2 traveling saleswomen for
' Ftat<-«. Box 8<SP. Call office.
ATrREVTICE girl wanted to learn t_ll/-ing.
¦_35 M«rlrft rt.. room 4. •
- Body lroner. The French Laon-
'*7, Co.. S372 Mission «t
TOUxc ' t-dirs to train - fcr rur»c» la ror-
' '•?(»! and medical hotplUL Box 3404. CalL
v -'.STKt>—4 good finisher*, coata; high wages;
_°bbs* reafly to work. 22* Stevenson St.. r. 5.
girl for cooking and light
small family. Apply 1116 Feil.
-t>v_P.TlS£_XNTS. rabscrtptJons received at
Caii braaca oiflct, cor. trjacaa 4k Chorea rU. 1
If you .tl? , STATE OF NEVADA
•»C5 twft-r,.?- GOVE RNMEXT WORK,
i^rt J £* hor "* tea«-ters. $co
C5 rf hV? 1 "'"'' J ' 0U ' U 6nlt - *<»'
E_ht if r '- f 05 * 13 **. h-mxnersmen, $75.
3 r^* 11^™- fare J1 *° $3 50 day.
1 £*?«• hangers, fare $1 60. *4"day.
4 plumbers, fare 8150. 55 d-yT
$4 daT^ K *• ovtnt * whe «l machine, far* f 1.
Boilermaker, fare 60c. $3 and $3 50 day
?V**22?- th> et ** e company. Mendoclno Coun-
tj. $50 and found
W heelwrtght. 50c fare. $50 and found.
16 coopers, alack work: steady.
- coral camen, exceptional good joba. $3 50
4 piaeterera. far* fl 50. $5 day.
Carriagt painter, sticker hand, country. $4
flay. -; _.;-~ -,.
MoJder and sticker hand; 2 door molders.
Gang edgerman, fare $L *55 to $70 found.
Double cut band sawyer. $5 day. "
Screw turner. Santa Clara County. $75.
Double -tree shaper and spindle shaper 13.
4 carriage painters, different jobs. $3 50 day.
4 spool tenders, lumber company $50 fd. up.
Cut-o2 sawyer; 4 shlnglers. $1 per 1000.
Edgerman, fare $1 CO. $45 and found.
LOOK.
12 horseshoers, city and country, $4. $3 50. $3
$2 ro day
14 blacksmiths and helpers. $4. $3, $2 day.
LAEORERS.
4 laborers to irrigate orchard, far* $1. $20 fd.
STABLEMEN.
29 stableman, city aad country. $75, $60, $50
and found. .
4 harness cleaners, extra good Jobs, $75
4 hostlers and floor men. extra good fcbs. $75.
3 coachmen, country jobs. $30 and found.
HAYMAKERS.
25 haymakers, mowers $1 2i day and found.
26 vineyard and orchard haada. $2tJ. $30 fd.
SC milkers and t-jticr and cheese makers,
$30 to $50 and found.
16 choremen and tooys, $15 to $30 and found.
16 boys, box factories. $50.
5 boys In machine shops, etc.. $4 week up.
MINES.
12 m_chlne miners. $<X>.
16 single and double hand miners, $S2 50.
ISC woodchoppers, all over California.
Milker and wife, $40 and found. *
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
-•-. cooka, $30. $10. $50. $60. $70 found.
16 waiters. $25 -'SSO, $40 and found.
16 dishwashers. $20. $25. $30. $35 found.
12 porters, bell and elevator boys. $30 to $15
and found.
LAUNDRY.
26 laasdn — aen. di-erest depart— tents, $18 to
$22 week.
BAKERS.
2 first. 4 second on bread. 1 second on cakes."
Best places at MURRAY & READY'S.
Biggest wajt? at 634-C36 CUy St.
MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS.
Telephone and Letter Orders. v
YES.
Milker and wife, easy, good job, south. $40
and found.
AT ONCE.
Blacksmith, ranch, $40 and found.
Circular nawyer. boss here, $75 to $90 found.
Setter screw head blocks, boss here. $3 day.
Doer molder. 65c fare, $2 to $3 day.
Lather and sfciracler, ROc fare. $4 day.
Bellboy, city hotel. $15 found.
Blacksmith, sharpen drills. $1 75 found,
6 Italians for irrigating orchard, fare f 1, $26
found. -
BOSS HERE— LU"MBER COMPANY.
Screw turner, fare $2 TO. $50 and found.
Cattle herder, fare $1 25! $30 and found.
StaMeman. private residence, SOc fare, $30 fd
Cheesemaker. 20 cows; $40 and found. >
12 teamsters, city, country, $2 and $2*25 day.
LOOK.
2 Ircners, country laundry. $35 and found.
Cock, lunch counter. $40 and found.
Polisher, north, laundry. $15 week.
Assistant taker, city, little experience, $25 fd.
LOOK.
2 machinists, factory, fare JIM. $3 day.
3 carpenters, factory, fare $1 Vf. $3 50 flay.
35 HAYMAKERS.
$1 50 _ fd. a day. $1 50 4 id. a day.
Blacksmith, no shoeing, fare $1 25. $32 50
and found.
10 cocsers, slack work, 10c barrel.
Painter, carriage works, fare $1 50, $50 fd.
Foreman, mine company, south.
Logger, understands rigging-, north. $00 fd.
Trimmer, small L. mill. *45 and found.
Screw turner, small L. mill. $55 and found.
Handy man with tools, club, $40 and found. .
Gardener, $30 and found, private family.
Coachman. 10c fare. No. 1 job^ $35 found. '
Young man, city wholesale house, $7 week-
Young man. cine* work. $6 week.
Driver, solicit bottle beer. $25 aad found.
Second butcher, ranch, fare $1 25, $50 fd.
Cook and wife, hotel. San Mateo Co., fare
si. $50 and found.
Faroi'r and wife, fare $1. exceptionally good
job $50 and found.
TOGETHER.
Screw turner, south; edgerman, south.
Hock tender, south.
ti labcrers. free fare.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
LOGGER, $60 and board: laundryrr.an, $40 aad
found: coachman and tarder.er. $35 and
found; assistant gardener. ?25 and found:
10 men to cut brush. $50 and board; miner
aad wife to board men; 4 farmers and wives.
$50 and $55 and found; farmers, $30 and $40
month and $1 25 day; milkers, $35 and $40
ar.d found: ranch chorrman. $23 to $30 and
found: 2 blacksmiths. $2 50 and $3 day: black-
smith's helper. $30 and found: wagonir.aker,
$2 50 day; * woodcheppers, $1 15 cord; cir-
! cular sawyer. $75 to $0O and found: shop
bakers fcr cottotry. $15 week and found and
$50 month and found; porter for resort. $25
and found; colored houi-eman, $20 and found;
chophousc cook; waiter, country hotel. $30;
ard others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
A— CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
6S5 Washington et. ; phone James 3301 — We
?hip to Government ditch work. 8 hours,
fheap fare, labcrers. teamsters, $2 to $2 25
day: teauuters. new electric R. R.. free fare.
$2 day; blacksmith for a ranch. $50 fd.. cheap
fare; wbtt»wriKht, ranch. $40 fd.. cheap fare;
door molder. factory. $2 to $3 day: 2 Swiss
milkers.$35 fd.:eheap fare; boys.sash and door
fac.,$l 25 to *1 60 day.chesp fare; marble pol-
isher, city. $2 50 day. L. H. CUTTING & CO.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. Employment Office
429 Bush et. 642 Clay st.
Chef. t«5 country hotel: 2d cook, country
hotel, fare paid. $<"J>; pastry cook. lst-cla?s
hot*!. Honolulu, fare paid, go to-day, $75:
waiters, country hotels. $25, $30. $40; lunch
man. cafe. $35: Pantryman, $35. summer re-
sort; head waiter, summer resort. $50.
Government Work State of Nevada.
T»arr.sters labcrers. rockroen. f2, $2 50.
Ship daily; bros here.
Tunnelmen, muckers, near city. $2 50. $2.
Screw setter. $3 day; circular sawyer, $75 to
tSO and found.
Milkers, ranch bands, $30 found.
Man and wife, cook and choreman. 2 In
femily: when family goes away full charge,
$50 to $55: party here 10 a. m.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Office.
429 Bush tU 642 Clay st.
AN erraad~"boy for this office: call early. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.,_429 Bush st.
A_PACIFIC~EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
C*5 Commercial st. C3<».
Phcne Main 1131 Near Kearny St.
4 carpenters near city, rough work. 8 hour»,
$3 SO day; coachman, city, private. $75:
bridge carpenter; 2 carpenters who can do
some calking: trirnraerman. ecrew turner,
"'free fare— r.' r. work— fee $l
- 2« teamsters and laborers. $2 day.
NEVADA, your fare returned. Fee 1.
¦SO teatmstere, laborers and rockmon, X hours;
pai-try cock city hotel. $60 to $70 fd. ; cook
B. U-. $35 fd.: typewriter and stenographer.
city; machine driller for quarry, $3 day.
RED CRO^EMPLOY^ENT~AGENCY.
V2 Clay et.; phone James 24iG.
RAILROAD WORK— CALIFORNIA.
10 labcrers. $2 per d*Y.
2 and 4 hor»n> teamsters. $2 to $2 25 day.
IN THE SAWMILL AND LOGGING COUN-
TRY.
Ditch Work — All Summer's Work,
a scraper teamsters, $1 25 day and board.
Door rroMer: hay bands; milkers.
Cooks end other places at
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
602 Clay «t.. near Moatgomery.
AT CONTRACTORS* AGENCY.
OT Third «t. Telephone Main 5521
Nevada tea— isters. $2 25: cheap fare; 8 hours
Nevada, laborers. $2: cheap fare; 8 hours.
Bench hands, cabinet makers, nr. city. $3 CO
TToodchcppen $1 25 and $1 60 cord, plae.
Orchard maa, Santa Clara Co.. $35 found.
Railroad teamsters. Cal.. $2 25; long job.
Shingle bolt cutters. Sonoma Co.. $1 SO cor.
«'ooi:*rs. J2 75 per day; steady work.
Teamsters. CaL. railroad. $2 25; steady work
HORD & SMITH. .
WANTED — Cash boys and stock boys. Apply
at HALE BROS. Inc.. between 9 and 11 a.m.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply at HALE BROS*, between 8 and 11
a. m. •
WANTED — Young man who Is an experieaced
dry goods wrapper/ Apply at. HALE BROS',
between 9 aad 11 a. — i. "¦' t
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave. room T, for free Information as
to positions, ealarles, age limits, etc; day
or •««_»«¦ J
WANT COLUMN OF THE CALL, BUI YOU HAY GAIN ONEThe American bark Servla.-, which arr\'led
Wednesday _jnlght» from Newcastle, : Australia,
was 82 dayo" making the passage, during which
she encountered eome heavy weather. V Neither
the .William- Bowden nor the 7 Carrollton, , both
of which nailed, irom-^the Australian 1 port
Scrvla lias Rough Passngo.
Henry. St. Clalr, a member of the crew of
the /British ehlp Donna Francisco,'.' which is
lying at Lombard-street wharf, was held ¦ up
?•arly yesterday morning at t3reenwlch and
Kast streets. He offered . resistance > to . the
footpads, but his . physical protest ¦ availed not
to save hl« watch and money and cost him
a sorely battered face and head, subsequently
patched up by Surgeon Millar at the- Harbor
Hospital. . ' ; '-•... :¦¦.'"
Sailor-Minn Held Up and Beaten.
Kate on Conrmaugh Advances.
The British bark Lurlel. out alxty-slx days
from. Port Stanley for Callao, was quoted for
reinsurance yesterday at 10 per cent. The
rate on the Conemaugh was advanced to 40
pt-r cent, and will probably go higher with
*ach additional day she remains out and un
heard from: The Lamorna and Lamorlclere are
quoted at 0O per cent. ,
WASHINGTON. May 12.— The -Navy De
partment has been Informed that the flagship
Kentucky, with Admiral Evans on board, lett
Funchal for New York this morning.- H?*>.<
ARRIVED.
Thursday. May 12.
Br stmr Doric. Smith, 26 days 2O hours and
3 minuttB from Honskone. via Yokohama 15
<".aje IS hours and 16 minutes, via Honolulu
v days 17 hours and 53 minutes.
Stmr F A Kllburn. Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodgers.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Acme. Lundqulat, 37 hours from Ven
tura.
Stmr Point Arena. Devltt. 14 hours from
Mendoclno, via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, 24 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. 4S hours from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 41 hours.
Stmr W H Kroner, Bowdlck, 40 hoars from
Port Lcs Angeles.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 38 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
. Stmr Olympic, Haneen. i 58 hours from Ho
quiam.
Stmr Gtosy. Lcland. 22 hours from Mon
terey and way portsi
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4, hoar* from Half
moon Bay,
Shipping Intelligence.
The conl bvge Mclroae with more than a
thousand tons of coal on board, sprung a leak
Wednesday night and sank yesterday morning
at Mission-street wharf. When the leak was
discovered an effort was made, to keep the
hull clear of water by the use of the pumps
on the barge. The Inflow was too great, how
ever, and two Sprcckels tugs were sent for,
They were -made . fast on each side of the
waterlogged barge and will hold her up until
diver Roach has patched up the leak, when
the tow boat pumps will make short work* of
clearing the Melrosc of water.
Sinks Alongside Wharf.
Steamer. Fcr. I Sails.
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 13
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. May 15
Corwin:......! Nome May 15
City Seattle.. I Skasrway & Way Ports. May 1«
Al-Kl Sksgway & Way Ports. May ltf
Santa Ana... Valdex &. Way Ports. . May 1«
Dirlxo Skagway A Way Ports. May 13
J. Dollar Valdes & Seward ilay 22
Nome City. .~- Nome May 23
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height ot High and Low Waters
¦ at ; Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Hay. Published by official, authority or
the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. MAY liT" ~-~'
Bun rises. 5:01
Hun sets 7:10
Moon rises........ .................. 4 :12 a. m.
D LWI |H W* L~~WI . |H W J
£ Time ITime • Time ITlme
<* Ft. I Ft. — — Ft. I Ft.
13* 4:02 0.5110:47 4.5 3:60 2.2 10:061 ' 6.3
14 4:38 0.0 11:34. 4.4 4:27 2.3 10:391 0.6
IS! 5:20—0.3 12:21 4.6 6:0fi 2,5 11:10 B.«
1(1 6:03— 0.5 1:10 4.6 5:47 2.7 11:48 5.7
17 6:45—0.6 1:57 4.6 6:32 2.9 ..........
; . H W L W H W L W
18 0:36 5.6 7::i3 0.6 2:47 4.7 7:27 3.0
IS) 1:20 6.4 8:20—0.4 3:38 4.7 8:20 3.1
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning . tides ; are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of .the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time : coiumn ' gives the last tide oX the
The Time Hall on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1, p., at. noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p.,m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
:: \U Lieutenant. ¦ II. f>. N'., in charge.
*
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal
May 12. 1004. . - '
FROM SEATTLE.
(List of Lights, Buoys and Daymarks, Pacific
Coast. 1004, page 18.)
Notice Is Jnercby given that buoy No. 1.
marking the end of Pillar Point Reef, Half
momi Buy, ' California, heretofore reported
adrift, has been replaced In its old position.
Buoy No. 2, erroneously reported drifted out
of position, is in its proper place.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. l\ DAY. Commander. U. 8. N..
Inspictor 12th Lishthouse District. (
Xotlcc to Mariners.
HALFM0ON BAY — CALIFORNIA
Steamer. 1 Destination. Sails. Pier.
_ __~ May 13.
Eureka 1 Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Ppokace llumboldt l:30piPler »
Czarina i Coos Bay direct... 5 pmlPter 8
Kay 14. J
H. Monica.. < Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Argo I Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena., i Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Jeante Eeattle tc Tacoma. 5 pm Pier SO
Ban Tedro. . Humboldt f 10 amlPier 2
Aurella Astoria A Portland! 5 pm!Pier 2
Elisabeth., i Coqullle River 1 R pmjPier 2O
Arcata i Coos B. & Pt. OrfrdilO amJPier 13
M*y 15. I
1 R. Roaa t San Diego & Way.] 9 arc Pier 11
I Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
CltyPutbla Puget Sound Ports. ill am! Pier 9
May 16. *|
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 pj Pier 9
May 17.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amjPler 24
May 18. | (
North Fork Humboldt 5 pin; Pier 20
Nome Cltv. Nome via Seattle. . 5 pm Pier 18
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
May 19. |
Rainier.... Seattle & BTghaxn 4 pm Pier 10
' S. Barbara- Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 3
China China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
5. Crua Ban Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
State of Cal Ean Dlero & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena -A Albion 6 pm Pier 2
May 20. ) |
Umatilla... Puget Sojnd Ports. ill amjPier 9
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay! 5 pmjPier 1«
, May 21. | |
Peru.... ... N. Y. via Panama. |12 miPler 40
Portland... Nome & St.Mlchael! I
May S3. t |
G. W. Elder' Astoria & Portland 11 am! Pier 24
May S3. ( t
Centennial, f Seattle & Tacoma.. I 5 pmjPier 20
The Japanese »t<amar America Maru, which
Balled yesterday for Hongkong via Honolulu
8nd Yokohama, took cut a small cargo valued
at $7."»."»9. . exclusive of treasure. The cargo
consisted of 33 cs cartrldg-er, 152 cs detonators
and 25 bxs lemons, valued at 471OS fur Japan,
6 rolls leather valued at $332 for China. 32
cs canned sroodB valued at $105 for Aden,
Arabia, and 1 pkg canned «yrup valued at $14
for Korea. The treasure shipment consisted
of $ir»O,'vi(> in Mexican dollars and was con
slrned to Kobe.
The British »hlp Marathon is chartered for
flour from this port to Coik. United Kingdom,
at ISa. •.«•-¦ .-::•. '~.fj? :
.Small Cargo for the Orient.
The French ship I«aennec. at Portland, Is
chartered for wheat or flour, thence to Europe
at Us 3d.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The French bark Jean Bart, bound from
thle port for the United Kingdom, has
anchored eft Qulriquina. Her rudder Is dam
aged and, according to a cablegram from
Conception, by way of London, she will go
into Qulriquina for repairs.
French Hark in Distress.
Olive A. Wheeler (owner), with Cameron &
Dinsion (contractors), — architect — All work for
a two-ntory frsm<' residence on E line of Sec
ond avenue. 150 8 of California street, S 25
by B 120; $2015.
A. U. McCreery (owner) with Robert De
war (contractor). William Curlett (architect)
— Ktone and Iron fences for branch Public
Library building on BE corner Sixteenth and
J'ond atrfftta; E to W alone Prosper, thence
8 i:i7:0; W to E alonir 1'ond; thence N to be-
Klnnlng; $1835.
Charles F. Oofz fowner) with Manuel Lucas
(contractor). — architect — All work for a one-
Btory and attic frame building on the N line
of A streoi, — W of Blxth avenue; $1400.
Fannlo I*. -Farnnworth (owner) with: Cahlll
& Hall Elevator Company (contractors), archi
tects; New*on & Newson — Three elwtrlc ?»!«•
vators and one hydraulic ram sidewalk lift
for a brick warehouse building on W line of
Third utrfet, 137:0 N of Tcwnttend, 137:0 on
Thlr.1 by 1<»; $5478.
Kdward B, Hlndes /owner) with Floodberg *.
McCaffrey (contractors); architect Newton J.
Tharp— Plau'erinj; for an HKht-atory and base
ment brick hotel on the fl line of Butter street,
164:(rE of Taylor. E TO:W by S 1.17:0: $11, COO.
Mary C. Hears to Kmm.i F. Dunnell*. lot on
W line of Forty-elKhth avenue, 112:6 N of M
¦ir'et. N 25 by W 114; $10.
Emily JM. Keddy to J. Josephine Coleman,
all property; kIH.
William F or William and Nellie Prydz and
Kate C. Millar to Anna Brough (wife of
.Tames), lot on RW line of Fourteenth avenue,
275 SB of P atreet. HB 25 by SW 100, lot 12,
block 281. O"N. & H. Tract; $10.
Baldwin tc Unwell to Anna S. Swanion. lot
11, block 1, subdivision Castro-street Addltlqn;
$10.
William Hale to Joseph H. Coryell lot 4.
blrvk 1, Sunnyvale Homestead Aflaoclatlon; $10.
Thomaa K. Davis to William Hale, same:
$10.
Fredorick W. Bailey to Philip J. Bailey, lot
35, block 11. tract A. People's Homestead; $10.
JiuIIders' Contracts.
LONDON. May 12. — Indian Secre
tary JSrodrick Informed the House of
Commons to-day that the Government
had decided that recent events in Ti
bet made it inevitable that the British
mission must advance to Lassa. the
capital, unless the Tibetans consented
to negotiate at Gyangtse within a
given date. The Chinese Amtaan had
been notified to this effect. At the
same time, added Brodrick, the Gov
ernment do*s not intend to depart
from its policy regarding Tibet, as
previously announced. All the neces-
Hary measures will be taken to secure
the lines of communication.
tot on SE rorrer Twenty-third and Point Lobo«
avenue*. & 1W:S, H 100, K 13:4, 8 50, W 120,
N J50; $10.
Kdward W. Hobtn»on to Elizabeth M. Rob-
Jnaon. lot on \V ILne of Twenty-first avenu*,
12.'. S of Cliff, fi 25 by V, r 120; gift.
Harold H. Fl»ke to Lrficy K. KlBke, tot on
W l!n>? «f Twcnty-flmt nvenu«, ICO S of Cliff,
8 25 by W 120; Rift.
J. Frank and Mar^a Walter* to John Curley,
lot on N lln«- of I street, 107 :fl W »f Forty-
HM avcnur. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Wlnnefr»d and John Sheeny to Emma Har
rington of A.), lot on W lln« of Ninth
¦v*nu». 125 N of J «tr*<»t. N 25 by W 120; *10.
Emma F. Dunnello to Solomon O«tz, lot on
W Jlnc of Forty-»-lRhth avenue, 87:0 N of M
•tr»-et. N 2ft by W 114; $10.
Mission* -Must Advance U> Laxvi Un-
Ie*H Negotiations Arc Completed
at GyanjrtKe.
HKODKICK STATES POLICY
FOR FUTURE I.V TIBI7T
The Japanese Liner America Maru, Captain
Greene, sailed yesterday for the Orient. She
carried about a rcore of passengers and a
small cargo. Among the passengers was
A. H. Wlthan, a newspaper man from Lon
don. J. J. Carl, en iniular employe of the
L'nlted States Government, also sallfd on the
America.
4
America Maru Depart?.
The British ohlp Anglesey, which sailed yes
terday for Liverpool, has been Idle at this
port Blnce November SO. 1SC2. During her
etay here she changed owners, and after dis
charging the cargo of redwood ciabs she Is
carrying to England may change her flag and
name.
Sails After a Long Rest.
ahead of the. Servla. have yet be«n reported.
The Carrollton, now out 110 days. !¦ quoted
for reinsurance at 15 per cent. The Servla
spoke the schooner Ve?a on May 5 In latitude
86 Z2 north. lcneJtu<!e 136 45 west.
Stsamer. i From. Dae. j
Elizabeth CoquUle River. , . <-. May 13
Del None Crescent City May 13
J. S. Higgles. Port Loa Anr»!es May 13
Argo Eel IUver Pcrta May 13
Pomona lllambo'.dt May 14
6. MonJca....'! Pan Pedro - May 14 .
R. Dollar \ Ban Pedro May 14 !
Rainier ' S»a;t!e * Bemcgham..|May 14
Portland ; Seattle :May 14
Coronado • San Pedro !May 14
North Fcrk..j HumboKU !May U
S. Barbara... 1 Seattle & Olympia. (May 15
Wellington...' Oyster Harbor iMay 15
Edith.... JTacoira |May 15
State of Cal. . | San Diego * Way PoruiMay ta
UmatKIa I Pujfet bound Ports {May 16
Sonoma '.Sydney A 'Way Ports. !May 11
Peru I New York via. Panama. iMay 18
Eureka ! Humboldt May 1«
Arctic Humboldt |May If
Chlco j Portland & Astoria !May 16
Nome City... j Portland & Astoria !May 18
Arizona ! New York |May 1$
Serapis > Hamburg: & Way Pts.!May IT
Porno • Point Arena * Albion.. IMay 17
Spokane j Humbo'.dt iMay 17
: Tltania ! Xanalmo |May 17
! San Juan ! New York via Panama- i May 18
I Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma May 18
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. May 18
O. W. Elder..l Portland & Aatorla May 1»
Arcata... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May 1»
Point Arena.. Mendoclno A Pt. Arena. May 19
Santa Rosa.. \ San Diego & Way Pts.. May 19
Centrai.'a j Grays Harbor '..(May 1»
Bonita Newport * Way Ports.; May CO
Marlpo«a.... Tahiti iMay 21
Hermonth!*.. Seattle May 21
Senator Puget Sound Ports iMay 21
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahnlul. ..[May 22
BRITISH BHIP ANGLESEY, WHICH
SAILED FOR ENGLAND AFTER
A LONG REST.
TO ARRIVK.
Movements of Steamers.
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's liner Doric arrived in
port shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon and landed her passengers
at the Pacific Mall wharf. She left.
Hongkong April 16. At Honolulu two
cabin and 295 Asiatic passengers were
landed, and seventy-seven cabin, ten
steerage, ninety- three Japanese, one
Turkish, one Tahitlan and 150 Chinese
passengerg arrived here on the liner. .
The Doric brought an unusually val
uable cargo, including seventy-five
treasure . boxes containing 4,550,000
Japanese gold yen, worth $2,259,000. Of
the 2954 tons of cargo there are 1202
bales of raw Bilk, varued at about
$650,000; also twenty-two packages of
assorted silks; 1385 boxes of tea, sixty
two bales of gunnies. 4931 bales of
matting and 5032 bales of hemp.
The Doric called - at Manila, prob
ably for the last time, owing to the
fact that American vessels only will
be permitted to carry on trade between
here and the Philippine Islands after
next July.
Excellent weather was experienced
during the entire voyage and a good
time was had by the voyagers. The
Bhlp was full to the point of refusing
passengers at every port.
On board was Earl 13. Shaw, son of
the Secretary of the Treasury, who
went'^to the Far East some time ago
on a Government mission. As soon
as the Doric dropped anchor Shaw
was taken aboard the Golden Gate and
hurried to the Oakland pier, where he
caught an overland train. Hon. C. A.
"Wlllard. Justice of the Philippine Su
preme Court, and Judge F. G. Walte,
a Manila Jurist, were also on board.
A. A. Williamson, civil engineer in the
Hrltish navy, lately on duty near
Hongkong, crossed on the Doric. H. F.
Merrill, commissioner of the imperial
Chinese customs, lately of Wuhu and
Nanking, was on board and will go
with his family to Boston. Edward L.
D. Boyle, engineer expert for the great
Armstrong works, England, who went
to the Orient with the new Japanese
cruiser Kasuga, is on his way home.
Other notables were Captain Fick of
the Siamese navy, Th. Wesel and J.
Polglase. merchants of Singapore and
'Bangkok, and several employes of the
Philippine civil service. The complete
list of cabin passengers is as follows:
Mrs.C.S. IJarff. I>juIs Baseh. C. Bernard. Ed
ward L. V. Hoyle, MlHt F. B. Urustgruen,
Mrs. B. Byrneii, J. Connor. Mrs. A. R. Cock
rill. Captain A. Kick (It. 8. N.). C. H. Full
away Mm. G. W. Gilbert, Miss J. Harris.
Miss I. K. Henderson, Captain H. names,
Mlzs L. I>ecrort. lllzs M. Honaall, L. Bram
¦en, Lleuttnant H. Buchholz (I. O. N.), Mi**
K. S. Cole, C. Cm!*, Miss Helen Edgerton,
Lieutenant Max For«tmann (1. G. N.),.O. W.
Gilbert, J. llammernik. A. W. Hastings, C.
iBono". E. V. Jeltes, Mrs. E. E. Jones. Mrs.
L. H. Keith. J*. Lallouett", G. H. Mnllory.
Mrf. G. B. McFarlane. Mrs. J. Meurer. Mrs.
H. F. Merrill Minn F. Myers. Walter Moller.
Hev. C. B. Newton. II. Nalto, Miss M. E.
Pratt, Miss Alice Robb. Ml»s L. R. Rogers.
Ml*s Klong- 8nnltwoonz«p, Mrs. D. M. Kcott.
R. M. Shearer. Earl B. Shaw, Mlrs J. H.
Torrence. Judge F. G. Walte. Mrs. Tt • W.
Wells and lnfnnt,ijHonorablfc C. A. W Hard,
Mrs. A. A. Williamson, MIm V.^..William
son Mls« A. IJ. Jones. Master Preston Jones,
D. 'Kerr, Mr*. J. J. Losulus. DivG.'B. Hc-
Karlane. J. Meurer. H. F. Merrill. Mlta H.
Merril!. Ml«s U. Moller. Mm. C. A. Melvln.
Mm C. IJ. Newton. J. PoUlaae, Hev. A. I.
nobb and infant. Master Remo Kobb. Mrs.
M M. Rudd. D.'M. Scott. R. H. Schneelock.
Mrs. R. M. Shearer. ilr». K. Soraern, T.
Takeda. ¦ -Tt. - W. Wells,' Th. W r cssel, A. A.
Williamson, MaFtor L. A., Williamson.
Cay. except wban there are bat tsre« tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heiehts a~tv«a are la
addition to the aoondlcrs of th« United Statea
Coast Survey charts, except nbea a mlnss < — >
sign precedes the helrht. and then the number
riven Is subtracted from the deptb given by
the charts. The place of referenc* U the meaa
of th« iowcr low waters.
The French line steamer La Ix>raine
nailed for Havre to-day with $3,300,000
In gold bars and specie In her strong
room, the most valuable shipment of
gold that has ever gone out of this
port. Considering the value of the
ship herself at $4,000,000. her general
cargo at $1,000,000. and adding these to
the sums represented by the gold, I^a
Ixiraine as she sailed to-day is the
most valuable chip that ever put out
of New York.
NEW YORK. May 12.— J. P. Morgan
& Ca to-day engaj^ed $3,000,000 In gold
at the aenay office for Hhipment to
Paris on Saturday's steamer.^
I^atPr In the day the shipment was
Increased to JS.DOO.OOO. It was said
that a portion of the present gold ex
ports by J. P. Morgan & Co. repre
»entB the company's shipment to ,ihe
KuHnlan loan. Engagements of J1.400,
000 by I-azard Freres, $1,000,000 by
Goldman, Hachs & Co., and Jl.000,000
by I^denburg, Thalman & Co., brought
the total shipments for Saturday on the
steamship St. Paul up to $7,000,000.
Ecbr CcrSanzs. Jct.r.am, 10 bours froci
Waist* lAr.i.~z
Schr /«cnie GritZn. O'.isos. 3 boom frosi
Boltaav
CLEASED.
Tharafiay. 34ay 12.
Jap star America Mara. Greene. Kocolsm.
Yokohama an<J Hcrsk'.rg. "W H Avery aarear.
Stmr Axascloa. Brtdxett, Portland; Pacific
Coaat Oil Company.
3AIUD.
Thur*iar. Mat 12.
Etmr Mascle. Ccrnlcg. Halfmoon Ear.
Btmr T A Kllborn. Jahn!««a. Tart Roit-Tt.
6tmr Btata.of California. Thosaaa. Saa Dlera.
Stmr Geo TV Elder. Rasdail, PortlacA aad
Aatorla.
Etmr Se-v-eia. MoCIeisents. Wt:iapa> Harbor.
Br abip A=«V«»«y. Jones. Uvcrpoo!.
Jap etrr.r Amerira Mara. Greene. Hansksac.
j rim. Tckcharr.a and Hooc!u!-x
8tn^ Acme, LandqulJt. Eureka.
Etmr Prentins, Ahlatrom. Eureka.
Etxar Newbanr Anflndsen. Grays Harbor.
Etmr Pcnv*. A&lia. Albion River.
Stmr O C Lln<lauer. Allen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Brooklyn. Johssoa. Mendoclao.
Bkto> Tub O'Shanter. Slsmie. Coo* Bay.
Echr Mary C. Cinobell. Bodea-a.
Echr Glen. Olaen. Men«Jo«U»o.
Scfcr Jennie Waad. Chrtitlansea. Gray*
Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 12. la p ta— Weaiher
f.o»Ty: wind SW; Telocity 20 mtlea per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 11 — Stmr drift*
from Ska^wtr: etmr Dolphin, from SVaff-way.
Sailed. Mar 13 — Strnr Tremont, tor Manila.
China and Japan.
Airired May 12— Stair Oreron. from Astart*.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 12— 3tnsr N*ons»
City, hence May 8. May 11— Stinr D«*patcJ»,
hence May 7.
Sail*d May 12 — Bar'* H«»r«r. for Saa Pedro;
Aus ahta Fraaclaco Gulseop* I. for Valp»
ralao.
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed May 11— S«nr Ma
riel. for Redondo;: bkta Kaxl« B".lckla«er. tor
San Pedro. _
Sailed May 12— Schr A J tCest. for Baa
Francisco: schr A M CampbeU. for Saa P«dxo.
\XNTURA— ArrlvetS Slay 12— Stmr Cor>
r.ado. from Redondo.
REDONDO— Sailed May 12— Soar CbraeadOk
for San Francisco, via. Ventura.
Arrived May 12 — Stinr Jtfflti S Hlcztnav
from Port Lo« An«*les.
Sailed May 12 — Stmr James S Hlaslua, for
San Francisco.
Arrived May 12 — Stmr Lalcrae. from Eareka.
BEIJJNGHAM — Sailed May 12 — Stair
Rainier for San Francises.
EUREKA— Arrived May 12— Stmr Xararro»
hence Mav 10: stmr North Fork, hence May
10: stmr Arctic, hence May 11.
Sailed Mar 12 — Scar Jennie Stella, fsr Saa
Francisco.
Arrived May 12 — Stmr Manrtalay. hene*
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 12 — Stair Shaana,
benoe May 10.
Sailed May 11— Stmr Samoa, for Saa Fran
cisco. Mar 12— Schr B B Jackson, for Oray»
Harbor: schr James A Garfield, for Wlllapa
Harbor; schr Azalea, for Eureka: stmr Alca
traz, for San Francisco: achr E K Wood, for
Betlingham:
TATOOSH — Passed in May 12 — Stmr Ore
gon, from Aatorla. for Seattle.
Passed out May 12 — Stmr Be«, for Saa Praa
' Passed out May 12 — 6tmr M!n«o!a. from Tav
corca for Ban Francisco. t *
Passed in May 12— Stmr Chas Nelsoo, heaca
May S.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed May 12 — Star
Bonlta. for San Francisco.
Sailed May 12 — Stmr Santa Cms. tor 8*a
Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed May 13— Stmr Mlaeola,
for San Francisco. A x
PORT GAMDIX-=?aJ>d May 12— Bkta Jaa*
t, Stanford, for Shanghai.
rORT LOS ANG21£S— Arrived May 12—
Stmr Whiusboro. from Greenwood.
Sailed May 12— Br silo Beacon Rock, tor
Portland.
PORT TOTfNSEND— Sailed May 12— Stmr
Tremont. for Honrkonc and Manila.
COOS BAT— Sailed May 12— Stmr Emptr*.
for San- Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed May 11— Ship Henry
VUlard. for Eleele.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Sailed May 11— Stmr Eraprws
of Japan, for Vancouver.
Arrived Mav H — Br stmr M S Dollar, from
Sourabaya.
PORT PIRIE — Arrived May 11— Br ahip
Bidsron Hill, from Port Gamble.
ADELAIDE — Salic* April 28— .Br ship Pen
th«sl!ca. for Newca* ie. Aus. and Panama.
CADIZ— Sailed Aortl »— Ger stmr Totmes,
fcr Kan Franrisco. ¦ ••
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 6— Fr ship Cril
!on. for Portland. May 7 — Fr bark Brean, for
PLYMOUTH— Railfd May 10— Fr bark Babia
Cheva>e. for Ipswich.
BHEST— Arrived May $»— Fr bark Chain
piirny. from Swansea, for San Francisco.
LIMERICK— Arrived May 12 — Fr bark
Mnrechal de VlUars. hence Jan 9.
HULL— Arrived May 12— Br ahip Strath
£ry e. f hence Dec 29.
LONDON— Sailed May 12— Br ship Black-
I braes, for New York.
GUAYMAS — Sailed May 4 — Schr Fred J
Wood, for Grays Harbor.
IQUIQUE — Arrived May 10— Br ship Mo
zambique, fmrn Olympia
NEWCASTLE. AUS— Sailed May 12— Br
ship Llndfleld. for Pan Francisco.
Sailed April 27— Schr Lyman D Foster, for
San Francisco. May 11— Bktn Puako, for San
Francirco.
LADYSMITH— Sailed May 12— Stmr Port
land, for Kan Franvis.-o.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YOHK— Sailed May 12— Stmr La
Touraine. for. Havre: stmr Prim Adelbert. for
Naples: stmr Laurentian. for Glasgow; stmr
D«utschland. for Hamburg.
Arrived May 12— Stmr Cedrlc. from Liver
pool and Queerstown.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 12— Stmr Ma
jestic, from Liverpool, for New York: stmr
Westernlanrt, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
MANCHESTER— Arrived May IS— Stmr
Ivernla. from Boston. .uBB&d
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 12— Stmr Haver
ford.- from Philadelphia; stair Rmmnm Cran
. Boatoa • »~— -^ »«>•
COLD MILLIONS
GO TO EUROPE
$10.
Annl» I-. G!<»«ion.an<l Michael F. Slatt*ry to
Tfcomaa K. HIattrry. lot on N line of Tw*nty
«-!*hth «tre»t. 175 K of Dolorea E 2.*5 by N 114;
$10
Dora K«-«(e'!V.»n to ChrUtlan Krik»f-n. lot on
n line of Cburch atreet. C2 H of Army. 8 60 by
K 03; $10
Michael r/T>onn«.ll to Edward E. Sullivan.
lot on NW corner of Vlckabura; and J*r»ey
atweta. N 25:4 by W 100; $10.
Charles A. Fl«hi?r to P.plle A. Ix>clce fwlf« of
Wiiiiatii U) and Annie K. Andr«wa (wlf« of J.
1»>. lot on "W line of Front «treet, 01:8 S of
California. B 30:« by W 137:C; Rift.
liiadford InvMtment Company to Henrietta
filttrnfeld. lot on HB corner of Pacific and
K«>arny HT**t* H 27.81, BK 142.84, K 40.09 X
137:6. W 137:6; $10.
Kimf to Kame, rame; $10.
Iirnjamln W. and J.ylla C. Fabian to Clara
II. Wlii> lot on Zi line of Pine utreet, 77:8 W
of fitockton. W 41 :S by N' M:U; $10.
Charltta and Mab*l IJ. f-'t hl< n^lnKT to Key
alone ln\>«tm«"i)t Company, lot on 3 line of
Po«t street, 02:10 \V of Taylor, W 44:8 by 8
<>:••<; $10.
• Cliarlca A. Fluher to Helle A. l.nrV- (wlfm of
tVllllam Lt.) and Anna F. Andrew* (wife of J.
I,.), lot on W line of .Tone* street »7:« N of
Kri'ly. N &0 by W 137:fl; gift.
William and Sarah A. Unint to Oliver H.
Martin, lot on 8W corner of Hyde and Oreen-
Wlrh mr»-et«, W !I2 by H 40; $10.
Snrt.m I J. and. lizzie IIayr« to Federal Securi
ty <>mpany. lot on HE line of Nntnma atreet,
tMM NE of Krrond. XE 2 by BE hO; $10.
-Catherine Cantwell to Mo«eti Fl*her. lot on
NW line of Howard street. 120 NE of Third.
I.B 20 by NW rS; $10.
J. W. and lizzie Johnaon to aama lot on
HK line of Hunt atreet. 120:0 NE of Third. NE
v.i <; by si: r.5; $10.
Karah Kilday or KIMey to J. W. Johnaon.
lot on SE line of Hunt street. 1TO:O NE of
Third. NE 0:0 by BE W; $10.
Anna Maarulre to Monei Kixher. lot on N'W
line t,t Howard ?iicfi, 140 NE of Third NE 20
by NW 65; $10. .
Catherine and llurh Smith and I.nurn I*.
maanty alia* I^marnle to tame, lot on 8E line
of Hunt utreet. 140 NE of Third, NE 20 by
KB C5; $10.
Jonr-ph A. McOcjry to Mary McGeary i o t on
BE line of Mlnvlnn street. 323 SW of Heventh.
RW 25 by Si: (<:<•; aUo lot on H line of Minna
atrett. 215 BW of 'Third. 8\V 20 by RE 70;
al»o lot on H line of Jenal* Ktrcet. 125 NE of
Fifth. NE 23 by HE 70; atao e»tat« of John
MrGeary, 2<:.fM7; $10.
I). A. or Daniel A. McColgran to aam«, eame;
$io. . , _
Mary and I'atrlck M. (TDonnell.to Dledrich
and Marie Tholkw, lot on 8 line of Twenty
nefond street. 100 E of Vermont* E 25 by 8
ion; «10. . '
Heal Estate and Development Comoany to
Anna A. Mart»n», lot on NW corner of Klffht.
renth and Texaa atreett, N CO by W 100;
i srant.
J. H. and Cora W. Morton to Joaeph P. and
Mirearet L. Olndloe. lot on W line of Thirty
fourth avenue, l&o h O f clement atreet, H W)
by W 120; fio.
Mlcbatl Ityan (Itync) to Elizabeth Stanton,'
THUBSDAT, MAT 12.
fi'jsian IJl*t<Jv to Jobs Ctsd'jl'o, lot on K '.'.:»
of Vt.'X urttt. S7:«J H or Vallejo. 8 '^> ty K
1C«»; flft,
:.¦¦¦•¦'¦. ll,. i .«-* .>-'¦» IS . SiMSiff to J'.r.n Me-
Ccrmt'.k, lot ca >iU coro»r or I-i*u£.a tx.d
t'rat, ttrr*-tji, K tiibr H 25; |1«.
lixrtu*.:, ao-i '.a/olit* K Tfilta. Jarnn M.
ar^l 14*r/ W. Patrick t<^ John H. *". U<-r.«- - .
l«i ca r. vl" corO'r of. I^rntard aAl IlucbarxeA
»iJM<«. ¦« »> b> VV JJi/; $1«.
«.f»*.nr» A. rtaber to DeU* A. laocke <wi?e
of tfllllsfll J-.; >-•: Lnmit V. Andrews <»lfe
of .'..• V.), . ,< oa S Jl».« or i;r-.* j «•«>.
3«J:1«3 K «; mizaor* a'r*«i, K 3I:«^» by .%•
157:*; ciri.
<". d. .N«!:ii to Ctartbue W. l^rta- «»t aJ.,
l« oo H£ >.. r.-' of Hc*tt ar.4 Waller nrteti,
M 1-7 ;0 t»>" K 1V7:<; $10.
l**jjr* a.'xi Mau-Je <iouUt t» W. II. U.
Naah. i'.t 'jo H line et ffilii^u Oat« a/enuc,
*— • W W I'itr«.<B atr«tt. W 2j l/ H I«7:<J; 1;'i
Al»si»-r r!. «r.'i A!!c« K. Uann lo atfar:^»Re:'l.
let «o .V . ::.- of MrAIltct«r »t— :t. «7:<J W of
IJr'^ieritk. '»* 25 r<y N Ui.e; $ji*.
J'jfcn J. I»rT»r!l, Edwin *tj<l eiiubetb tiaio-
Bior. Uj •¦•:::¦', rn.» Sa/« If-p'tu.i ar.4 Truit Coa<
l«l on « line of )'a<» ttreet. i« W of
i>ror.. vv a ty tt, no; na
Mary fo«art/ to r. W. Haciea, lot on N
Y.i*: ',! i!'A,;,pur «tr«r»t. JTJ;« B or C«ntra;
ave&uv. E ii Ly ;; 77:5; $10.
«*. W. »{*.-,•?;. to '.nr'.lif.f: M HinKO t»m<
ri't.
>¦«»*¦ I>*vy u, PV»nk C. Andrewn. lot on H
lifj- of I'jMft etr«»t. 143 M W o f '>ntra.l ( v»u«
W 2i l/y H U7:C; $10.
fcalrrj «tat« tj Jollua Mtrerstcla, lot on
Ti |tM '>f Jialfht atrwt, 152 :« W of Aihb-jry
W 25 l;y N 1^7 .fl; $10.
HeTir»«rtt* 81M»-n>ld t» Jam«t H. B»rynwAir,
lot. on x line «>f KuIUjd .atreH. ZIH.IU W of
H«irk»-r fcv.nur. W 25. N IZl.fc*. NK 25:01 8
121 I:'.. $10.
«">r»-« I. Hatlclch to John 1^. and OUv;*
I'lrint/. lot en HM Qoa of F'lrpt av«nufr KXMH
H\V o r Turk «rr.-et. SW I«.lw l/y K 1V>- $10
Juhn L. ar;<l Oin«» J. Plraty to Q«ann J
iJithi'.ib. lc/t on KK lino of Kimt avenue
123 «^ h\V of Turk «tr*«f«. SW lfj W) by K
ICW; fio. - .'./-ft*
John f.'i>j<^o to Elfra M\t;ptr>n. lot on' W
llr.,. r.f Col« Ktrtet, f,2T, N >cr I»w. N 2.1 »,y
W V>. aJx/ lot on KK Iln» Ot Tw^nty-wv-nth
avtro*. ISO NW of I Mr»M. NW 7S by KK
1O<). biaeJc «a«. IJay Vjew Hf,rn*iit^a>1 ¦ fl
mzAr«eth A. Vizard to Carolina iwlfe of
J'.»«-pn l'n»-uf>. lot on a l!n* «>.' Oary »tre«t
17« \V f.f Pint.T, W 22 ty K 82:0; $10.
<'ar<,lin<- and Jiiv^h Prirur to OotlW«
M"rari'j. u&dlvlded on»-half Inln^nt In «tm>'
rl'i.
VM%*-T.f. and Olla I>gnohu» to Frani-mco
Fanu'.-'-U an-1 Aniflo Puccln»lll. lot on XK lln*
"'.. J "t r * »lr«rt. i'1.1 HE of Ilryant, KIJ 20 by
«:arl.' J. E. and Olivia JJa.t»rluii to Sw«-d!i.h
KvaRff'-llral I.uthfmn Kl*ii<-i»r f:hur<-h, Jot f.n
W lln« of \x>\t,rr% »trw-t, 41 fi of Fifteenth
h Zft. VV M.*.. N 20:10. K H'.IO. N 7:C, K 14:m!
N 1:«. E t«:>^; $WXXj
U'UJlain and Ada Havard fo Mir>' J. Ht*el«-,
lot on K 1ln«- of Cboreb utr'-'-t. SO 8 of I-Tf
t»-»-oth. H U by K T.'i; $10.
John Ii. «nd Martha hi. Knudion to J. n.
i-'.t. .¦:¦> ¦¦:: \'\v Company 'Wyrxxjratlon; lot on N
l!n* of l» :!wi.-j »tr<*t. .":20 W or Church N
113. v,' ry». h 112. i; 00; $io.
Jamm Jl. l>ai»y to Jam"» N. and Mary C,
Roctafort, lot on K lln^ of f/lb»rty »trt-fct, 2W
W of X<*. W 2A l/y » 314; $10.
U'.bert T. end Hannah «'. iJWano to John
«'. H'>-d. lot on \V llrjo of HarrUon rtrwt. 270
N of Twwity-rourth. N :«» by W 122:C; $10.
Alfxani3»r .1. and Elizabeth I>r«;» to Wlll
l»tn I.. Ik far., lot on .\V lln» of Fair OakN
r.tr«:»-t. 21 N ut Tw»-nty-Iourth. N' 24 by W SO:
»1O.
l^r»-tta Dwj>r tml Fannla Jj. McN»-vln
njwyert to Thoman K. and Mlrha'l K. Hlat
tei7 and Arinl* I.. O^'-ron. lot on N* line of
Twnt>'-»!i!l;ih »t»<-ft. 12r» K of l>olore«, E 75
by K IH. quitclaim 6**4: $10.
Anr.l* L. <»U-«»on nnd Thomaa V. Flatfry
»o MKha.l K. Klattery. lot on N line of
T«»ntv-clKhth atrfet, 125 K ot JuAortm, 12 25
by K 114; $10.
Ram» lo tJivnr-, lot on N' lln» of Twpnty-
Hrhth atrtrt, 150 E of I^olorea, E 25 by N 114;
ItKMi ISTATK TKANSACTIO.VS.
Chamberlain spoke for an hour and
a half, devoting his speech almost ex
clusively to his proposed fiscal policy.
He repeated mont of his former ar
guments and appealed to the patriot
ism of the people for the preservation
of the emj/Jre.
After paying a tribute to the late
Joseph Hoivc-il Williams. Metr-ber of
ParliatnpRt for South Birmingham,
who died !aj»t February, Chamberlain
plunged Int«> h£s fiscal policy. lie satd
the question coyJd not be disposed of
by waring oid rags or by the clatter
lr.R cf worn-out cans, but that It would
remain until It wjls no longer a ques
tion but a fact. The Unionist party,
he said. wt« pledged to the policy of
retaliation ar.d already the fiscal agi
tation was having Its effect. He had
m»-t men abroad who
h*d paid that if h!s policy was carried
out they would be obliged to remove
th^ir business to <»reat Britain.
Chamberlain ?aid there had been
Ie*:» "dumping" recently, but he could
not rest satisfied until the fiscal policy
became effective. He Raid he wisbfrd
he could have a referendum to-mor
row on th» question, which he believed
would be favored by a large majority
of the pecpic. A general election would
rot come *oon. but it would come in a
reasonable time and might go against
the Ur.ionixtji. Perhaps, however, the
cause would not suffer if the scene
should be cHanged, Chamberlain said,
ar.d a new piece produced which would
6O*>n be hissed off the stage.
BIRMINGHAM, Mar 12. — Jr/seph
CbamberJalD made bin first speech
Rlnce his return to Knrfand at a meet''
lnjf of the- IJberaJ-lJnlooist Associa
tion h?re to-night and received a mag
rJflc«st r»-cei/tl on-
«
British Statesman Declares
Fight Cannot He Won by
Clatter of AVoni-Out Cans
Liner Experiences Excellent Weather and Makes Good
Time, Carrying an Unusually Valuable Cargo of Gold
and Raw Silk and a Number of Notable Passengers
QUESTION XOW SERIOUS j
Fdniier Colonial Secretary*
Speaks at Blrrainghain
About His Fiscal Policy
CHAMBERLAIN'S
FRIENDS CHEER
STEAMSHIP DORIC ARRIVES
FROM PORTS IN THE ORIENT
THE SAX FRAXaSCOGALC FRIDAY. MAY 13, 190-1.
TQ SAIL.
14
EXTRAORDINARY
CREDIT SALE
•y mrdmr of
HIBERNIA BANK
W« will «ff»r a ehele* list »f
Investment, Residence and Un-
improved Properties
At oar salesroom
Monday, May 23rd,
1904
at 12 o'clock noon
Terms! Only I /g Cash
For catalogue and farthar parti©*
nlars, applj
G. H. Umbsen & Go,
20 Montgomery Street
MARRIED.
C'CTmlnortl Vram f»aff»- Tftiru-rn.
. Era*** tX. (UJn*trz **a tUzMj Jt lx»s- «^* i
?'(*jt; ftea Tttsrfoa
ismmrTKn~*-usmirv.-i% a^« cur< **r I
11. tv« ».r OW B«*» Vr^>ri-* A. ''**?>*¦ >
• <»u*-<»'s» i, Wxi****r *?-'• Kd*? **- **'¦ ''-"• ;
Mdt 9% f«<? Tntr-'-* •-' -,'
rvr^-irKn— t-A.rsr>-ir tn* *-«?. x»r it. t*°»-
tt l!tl#r« li**rz£ iff «»« K*^- l"T»:**yV* A-
iMtiN, *,sr-.'w lt, tv»tx** tsA V"*ti K- I-«*n
'SUrt&ra. TMbcrt HU Sl4*»J>r <Jef»»t>
i re* Kmf A. Ultt€**f. *****
', Cmsttpimi'J. W01«a»=. i- U*i***. JtMWbiu*
¦ «'ar»uxs, >*r»»«a*'-» f/CitscU. TSwisa*
'2**~mstm», Atttut K~ YnT*rrtt '5r.f«s.ti
• taatfa. WCXSiasi }***£*. J t tf>hTt?& M-
JrZ-t* r. -¦ rt&'.'H. ESUabrtb E.
. l/ws. Mf***J T»J4f^y. Mf». Xmnrr •
M»J--r*r.. ClatW '.».'* • i^tltr
14-t.rsd*. 1^*** W#-!i», !£*/*!**
ttzxxvrrr-iK o»«a»«, Jtmr :r. \v+. R****
U. tomars- U*Un*a~t*tS*r *4 M«. X. A,
,*-*-» *rrf r: II, IPtrsnsrt ir,. m. rj»'.»r» *A
:.+ timor*. M-J ... ***** ~ y***» • »«.?*« *'. ; ¦
; . :> . A sHoamtr «f CaJirflnria. tti*M' i
mat* »< - r*:*T« t>*** f«rr»
CTrri*i*1i »ei •'-ftswJiitax*** are r«*^*"- ¦
• ts«ila4 to mllrtt£ Uw f3S»r«l »*t«l«f« '
raffia, nwrslsff, J**y 14. *t 11 </«***, ;
M tt* rrxJ-J*r^» *t fcH <4«arfct«r. Mr* .%. A
AfW, I7CJ T*«wr-*U:» »»•«»•. Vjaa\ '/»»- .
Jwy) bi'rsfs 1 prv.st*.
BTUGG*-^A1 Vs!* \U'm 1ic.ft.tUa tMj.i
::*) 5!. ;v.4. ic»^ as»»:u. i*ricx». *ir* « ;
. t>PVs»r*J Krvlar. May. 12, «t,Il-^W
¦-. «^rvK"««od isttnwwr in -•«
CJ>WilKlA*-it. tM* rt:r. May Vh YSAJ WB-
' IUK i r 4*»1r U*w»»4 fco*t«»c4 ut MJr»a'«t
• *r;*M'. *n4 Wniex f*lb»r of VCllVjtm J-. ;
a«».-a*>*»t I- . iT<»i* A., ftoUa&4 ««H U^roar-t ;
'mr^yt^M. ¦ Mtiif «f ?»«arry. O.«fcty I>/*6. i
% \r**tA, ***4 Z* rcsrsv
C-rrr\vrA» a«»4 */*»t*:i;ts»?*» «r<« /• *p*ct- <
%l*r 13 a? *,:2ft u'rhMic, from t»Js U;^ r— i-
<•*¦». Tt I>«(»rrl pSa^». «C «r« »t/»*t, 1^- •
t«wm Y'Ar'm aad MarriM.fi. :***** iw *•?- ;
UmA*** Cktrntt, »fj»f»- a fjslra tslx»* ;
tr*»» ».;« t* »*l»t/r»i»4 f«r tis*- t~va*» «f kit •
> .. ...i. Is-.trr-'tt UUj « : «
CfiK??ES*~E*.fr»4 l«U* t~n. Jn tlu» titj,
liny ji \-j*n. rt±i*>\*:» Cam***. 4*»m .
• » . #4 'mmher <A Lit* l^nnuf WHV- aad •
pltu-r ,-f ir V, tivS'J' J J*«»»wr. **/». &i»*
I'iKb&iU* a * !.«* rt»t. » »»il*« '-£1
*¦ . •,;*!¦-- >*ar« 7 man>ha at4 Ii }
««j»«- ¦•.• •
tTlTf.tt^a «s!i arr^*r»'J»nc*« ar» rwpii. •
:r.ti «<jto at»*»4 t»s*ioB»r»l t«-morr«w i
•.-•*•». Hay It, *« lOttftiotki from hrr .
lu-r f**.J-- ' • ¦ •'I'mrr *\r**l, beitrtf! ,
Z**^^i U'X* unS T*ratymtti 'an4 J»!>r-»
*M '.tsurrh. tmtrrmrt.i UwRt Oltvti Ctt.. |
CATTriv— *t t*m:, tr. MiU Val'^-y. May 12. I
'.mi, Arfti 31 . »rtd»w ut J. <:. UUon. •
r*ti*« »>f l*«<J<ai, KjskImxA.
fcAVlS-Jt th!» rf:>. U*> 1W. iy>4, WlilUa '
U*\:r. ittfovrd ttitJ^ «f WlUiam E-. Atn— .
J5», J>.tti» «nd <"i*ra tmr't. a native cf %'lr- |
i. . ms>-a 'A »»a?a
Crrr««*4* aad a<?ra»t3taft'»a ar« r»*t^^- j
. it»i«»1 m m-.frA %b* tut*rm.'. a«rvir*»
»*-«x**r. May Ii, at 12 o'clock, at 7.\^n .
< I .r-h 't> xtorxmc *ir*U ft»ar Sacramento. ;
I«Ktt»M *'y*jf-x» U«fl C»rc»-t«rry.
trokiiKS—ln tt.U ci'y. Uzy 11 Jy>i. WtllUra i
I5!«!*n> b»-lf>v»^l !iu»Lajji ' f MicnV F'tnasn. .
and fatJjer c'. Mar»« *»1 IIaro.4 Korman. ¦ •
.... : -C^» y,ntt CSSf. »rrt S*t ytara.
«N»w Tork *r.1 lluisV>t«t County t*^r»
t5TKri'r.'J» aauS ¦'^u«Sn*an'-'» a-t- rvip^c:-
ft.J!y lavsr»<l tt •ti«-r>'l th» funeral »»rvlc»» I
tr>-4*r ¦ <VtiAay>, Uay IS. a- 2 o'clock, at j
h:» .«te. r»«l'J»-w». 1» i.v*a »tr**t, corner j
• <itA&*n <Sate •»»*u» JciTrrsert »»rlva?».
cijkksc?'— Jy< *W" ' ! 'r. M*y 10, i>4. wn- 1
Dam. b«1or«d kr</tb»r »• Mrr.. i£trfr-f
llMtty. an4 un<:l« of WdlUtc II, ana AJfrwl ,
J H**\y. Ur* H. I- C»srJeS and Urn. M»- >.
ncu Cr#»Srn*n. a. c»rlv« of Ireland, afwl »sl !
laura
. £7Tr>n4* «r.<l a<~qo»lsta»oe« arm r*«p*<-f. .
?«;!y invite in att<n*i! tfct fun«T»l Trjaay. ,
tJ»y 13 at 9 '/civ*, from th* foreral pat- ¦
lora of iVirttr A Wbl»*, <» O'.l-l'.* « r iai« :
a*€irfl*. tb*r-r» to Kt. M*ry'« Cath»1r»l. ocr- ,
tvtr of Van K»*» »v»r.t)» aj-.n OTsrr*:i *«r»»i. ;
vh'f a »^;IMRn r«j-Jl*rr. Wrb roam wSil t>« I
'?>lyr«lAd Icr fbf r+lrn*z oT hHi SOBO. rotn- I
nrtrt'.Tig; at »:S» w'dork. VU*m omit flow- #
"K". *t». Ini*nt»i>i j.-r1v«t«.
BOUUS If. -M» 'ty. M»y 12. ZVA. 'i*-.r K -
W. Hi,lmrr. lrli,-r*4 baibaaS of 1U-. |
:'.''.rr.<-? «i>i beloved fa»h*r t.t Mm M.
y»>-r-r»,' i'.tt. n,,.r.f* fer.l n.». ;«:• <h-i,nc-.. .
A-AW- «B'l Tr.'rrr.ta H'.irs.ea.
1: -:rri:ii»— in tM* «-*«r. M*r 9. i>f>4. Kii»n \
''.. t*tlt.v*6 wife >.t WUUam J«-fTrr». a n^tlv* j
• ' .' w::rr.'.r«st'-tj. l>«lawar«-. a£*4 44 y««rs and ,
1 J iroTJtba.
C^yrumi* an4 mr^vatataoc** ur* f-*:** t-
fuUy inv)t«a to attt>4 !b* t-Hfrral Frlda>, j
May VL. at 10 o'rlork. fr-,m ber late fjn-
<rnrr. U'A T\irk tW-n. itfttr- Vt Ml. Mary'a •
?.**!b*4ra!. »h»-r# a r—iv'.+.m blgh me«a will 1
»y <^:«i,rt!M f«r \h* r*i*** ot ber aotil. at ,
IUM ocit*k. lnt*ns»r.t Holy Croaa <>m«-
t»r,
KKUXKKS— In t.'tlca. N. Y.. M*y 12. 1»H. <
«'h«rV« C. :*¦ • ut Mm H. t U. Van i
V. ir.ki- tit Han yra-nrim-tj »fi<l Mary it.. Vr»4 •
P. end fjrt*»T K-JI9KK at UUca. N. V . ajc^l .
. T5 y*«ra.
I;,<;aN In ibis rlty. May 12. TV*. MlrbaH. i
UlovH feoxbaj*) «f ib- late ElitabKb Locaa.
ft r.-.uv»: i.t 'V/unty Oalway, Ireland, agrd ,
a ;*srs.
• t?TVr\*r>A* an4 acquaint »n«M ar» r^r^ot-
'. . :>¦ invl»»«J Hi nVtwi th»- fun»-ral ivrn'-rruw
<f!atur4ay) •« *;W» o'clin-M. .from th«? \at-
»or» of MrK»<JJ»r.. M':rsr»ar*y *. C,t*»tx. 1171
MitKlod «trs«C l>«»*»-*"n H— .»-nih arwl Eighth, i
ibtUt* \'i Kt. IU#»'« «"tmrrh. «rli»i» h r^i'JlTm
to*.** tn«»i will »*¦ ff>rir»itrd for the rri*!*e
of Ma «/ul at » o'clock. Invnnent • Holy
Cro»s i'Axmxan. '
MANCAN-ln 4b!« dtf. M«T 11. 1J<H, Clar*
H-,»»- C,*-*r\y bttcjymji .:;. .i»'i-r of Wllllara
J. •r>i K»i' K M».nr»n. and lovlnit *l«1»-r
I o( Jr«>Mi, i*. ••-•'• and .".! !!'!••:;.>• MiinKtri,
a Dative of Han rraariwy,. -¦•%¦.'. 7 >»-»r» H
n».mha arid ft <J»y«.
t7Tiif ruri«-ral will tak»- r>la«~e fr'/m the
rufino '.f hrr i/»T«-nt», 425 •>>!« rtr»»f. b*—
iw#-.r '»ak arid l'«r«-. t'»-day 'Friday),
fct I.Mo'dMli. IfiWment Holy <^roiea Ceo*
*-«ry.
McBRIDE— In this rify. May 11. IIKU. r.lLn.
Ww«1 wl^ of t>e !st#- Ml'hafl i/lrV.r\A*.
• n'l .- t moih»r of Matthew J., \Azz\+ K..
JJr> K.. Mlrha^l J. «»;<! I^/ulae I. i/l'-liri'i".
Mr* :.:«••¦ Ix-wta ;, ¦. : Mm. O. Walton, a.
oatlv* of County K'-rry. frftland. ««»<] r,i
. rrart. «Vlrrtr.!a '.'Ity. NVv.; Uatte Clly.
MOM., and .NVw York Cl:y »*wra pl-a M
., t7l / Tl«-r<d« and »''io»intan'«-s are r«-»!j>'-'t-
l«IIy Invited to att»f>'l ihr- fun«ral to-day
'Kr)da/(. at h.ao oVlofk. from her late r*«l-
de»oe, 2M IllnrCbld «;r«-t. •!.•!,'- to Kt.
Jr». ; • ¦ fhurrn, *li/ri- a r»-qul»-m high nun
*lil »>» rcl»tirat»-<1 rfrt- '.hm ifftm- ot li»r aoul,
uommawdna; at • o'clock. Iutertn«nt Holy
«>..»» '--mHrrr.
MrNAMAlsA-ICniered Into re«t. In this city.
!.!»> 12. I'<"M. Natino McNamara, dearly 1<»-
l<rv#d •:.•!• »•¦•.¦'• of Ann and the lat* Hucli
Ur.Namata. and «l«t»-r rf Hugh, J-Icjrrnf.",
T«»m. ti'>a.<iy and I'mma M<-Naina:a and Mr*.
Mary Troita ->•¦• Mrv. K. Kam^y. and b1«C«
'/f Mr*. It. flaf-ry and ifi'lia^l MoNarnara..
, a. native or \V<-»tfort. l/l*n<\<irlxi>> County,
mtr+*t 21 -.'.••» 7 njor,th» and 27 Cay:
t^rt-mair-ji tt th» fun»-ral t/arior* of
Jn.rr.'-ii M<~<;inn 4r •*/.., 21* Oldy etreet.
NotKe r,f funeral l;»pr»f!er.
MOKLl.KH-ln thl» rlty. May 12. i:»O4. Infant
rtaurbter of >.¦> t:,v<- nna Annie Moeiltr. a
natl*«- cf ran Kran"laco.
iMriy;/HY-~»;nt«-r«'d ir.tu rest, May 12. l»04,
.(:. r; • - tlul^kfiy, t*-lov»d huobaAd '<f lirldgrt
Mul'-ahy. a nailvo of city of WaUrford,
lr<tarwl. «r"! G* yar» an<1 9 months.
Z-jriif fun-ral will :,,y.- place to-morrow
-¦ .•.••.»•>¦ at !' o'clock, from hi* ut« re*l-
rt'-nw, Iti3 Kills fctrfi, tb«-n'« to Holy Cross
Ohunh. wh»re a r'i!»mn requiem mass will
. !«• ««-lfbraird f<>r th*. r»r«>se «if his aoul, «-om-
ni»-«rirr at !»:S0 o'clock. Intermeent Holy
«>or» Oanctary
NI.LWN -In this <ity. May 12. 1904
J<ja»T>ninr. bekn-«d wife of I.ouls W.' NVlnrjjj'
ar.d mother <,t l^tiir).. and Alma Nelson.
*->«1 Oaucf.trr .,r th^ lata John bt>4 Mary
'f«an*. <.•-! rut^r t.r J.m«, John and
VMUiurn *» Katir. Mrs. J. J. Orirfin and i)n>
Kr*n<»^ Hulllvan. a rifitive of Han Francisco.
CyKrlmdg rnd acquaint snrfs are recutrt.
fully In vli.tl 1<» attend the funeral to-narrow
(riaturdax, at U o'clock, from hrr lair rrsl-
:.IT. K»U rtren. tbrnre to Hacn-d
*««¦« < bur.h. wh<Tf n r*<juifra hljrh rum
• v 111 tr ««-l«-riritt«d for Hie rrpoao of h'r aoul
<*imnin.|i.ir«t W:3O o"<lock. Interment Holy
''rtimn Orwlfrj'.
«r>'<-yjNNKLt<— In this dty, May 10 1904
Thumar, lM-!rr\«-d husband of the laie Ncllitt
A. CfConnHI. fnth^r «.f John O'Conne|| » n< i
- r/.n of Mrr. KlUti liurdrti and tlie late John
O'Connell m r.tlvc of Fan FYanclsco. agt-d
*S years B tnontha and 1« days.
¦ t-T Krii-ntiH and arqualntano-s are ri»i.<-«-|.
fully Invited to ii"' r.-i thf luneral to-day
• iVriCmy) Mny 13. rrom hla late /residence
ST.C <"b«rtnut *lr«-et, »b»-n<-»; to Bt. Kranrla
<:burcb, wfc^re a tviuit-m high mass wtti b«
< < Iri.ti, 11 <\ tor the rrwjue of* his aoul, com-
m«-ni:ns at V.'VJ o'clock. Intermem Holy
<!r<>rs Ometerj'.
VT.KT7.— Knlered Into r»-*t. In this city. May 11
11*04. Johanna M . dratly beloved mother of
HENRY J. CALLACHEft CO.
<Succ**aors to Plannagan & Oallagber.)
DANIEL T. IXiNOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL. UIRKCTOKS ANU KM1IXLMER&
at rtrtb «t . oppoatte Lincoln Uchoot.
SESS T< lfllmnp 1-outli 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. ¦ Kun»-ral\ Directors and Embalmers -
yiTti.-rly in Metropolitan Templa.
NOW at *0« MISSION. *icl. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Klfth su
r.txu Equipments at Moderate Rate*
Mr*. T>xt n«r»tss*sa, «»» be!«*«4 «Ut'r d
W*rp*a f3n*,nns/b*r zrA is* !**« OMUC"
n**teartL. a rm'Jir* nf flrr&tsr. *TH » f*»»
4 ¦¦ -r -¦ ? *- •: Tt ;»»'
%3rPr*"tA* msA a.w*»*lB»J«w»« ar» »«j>»rs-
railr tsrttra t» «w»»4 tb» fja*rsl t»-<£*r
t^rizrr .-.: V**r*<t «»4 If F«rr«.'l aa4 Geary
frt<* fTt>rsl rar ff»«o ETtct«r9»it a»5 (mrc-
?zrtTms*iX—itt tt» «^»y, ujj ;x t»«. j»-
f*r~', 4*9*1*'*' tt J»»i» *r< Ionium. J*t*rr*x&.
&Xtli.l.T.P.— In <};•» rfjy. Zii.7 tS. Z'SA*
rrUetU* T.. t^lrr 4 t^***n<j r>t tjv Ut»
;.E=* ¥-i'V~r, ««« »iffc«-r fit Mr*. Js. C
l*r>r. Mr* 'i~.*%* U Axtt'.U HctxrT
XmSaOMrJs *%4 >.-»> fr£JVl»r. a r»i!t« «.f
»a4 24 da?« A ca»«.i*r at Pa/*iAc Sramrr;.
V. a, 1j- a.
CTTrn^rjti *rA •ir»aiistJis:-^« *-•» J**T'ci-
f'SJly itiriTra to aJ».»^S tfc* ft;3er«! ta- merr*. w
ilntMHtan. idir m •« i*-** *"««*«< tTr$:m
I t*rw«*t> V*VsvrtJi *»4 tlzirrv:. Cr«&at!«n
aUEHKZTT—ia V>* tSXy, 1A*.T tt. I'**. •* £**
rmrV>nnf. O* T« *«t r-rt-rtJt *:r**l. 1*K*.
trU*f4 wltt fS. Th-ira** SfcTT*tI, ao4 Btf,tH»r
Tot 0. T ,'W. H/ a»4 t>e* 84«:rT«tt. a »«ti««;
»f O«B-> K*rry. ir*:*aJ. ax»4 71 7*ar» 2
1 I UrLVtiJi *J*4 Z "Jays-
*HVrKJ.T—ln IW» rtT7. May 11. V**. UxtU
C-. l#lv\'4 «ff» of W. J. EwW:. ao4
r.---h*r «»f TTerr»n f_ fXvUit. • catlr* ©f
•Venscst. ag«3 M >»«x» 2 taw&tfc* mrA 9
Any*.
t7rrtr^» ».-. . i//ja»ls'ji»f« are r»n>«t-
faHy tsvifcd t* a«-*^J ifc* fene-ral »#ttI<-«*
Friizy. 3t*r \%. nt 1 o'riock. at htr l»t«
f+M-w*. lid VmUmdM aw**!. icwrai'Bt
fytlTU-l? Tartrr*. WnS. XI>y 12. JV'*-
K»;jM»th E. tmlih ttarx*t\y tt Kan Frsr.-
ruc*,. Cat i. b«VrT#d «if» tf \'j>x-er. Slwmam
timith. «J»4 K»At*r M Mr*, f'.. I*Mr!«u Mr..
;.•¦>¦• 1~ r<*»i<er. Mn E. Tartor. Mrs. H.
*•>*%>* -A a »4 <«J-.e ft. 1rax«, Kranfc W. aa-1
f.iy ii, arsftb. <Kasta CUra. <ni£*i>* a*<J
i'fmlutr.* '^n.l'^rt fA'mvr e*Vf.)
EM1TJI-I-. tMa *«y. May II. 1X>». FrtJ«ris
I^-ruraS Htr.tr.tt. b*«o«»--} raalieoJ of •.'a'.fcarta*
Ksi»»J» asJ t^Iere-l fatb»r of rrack htA
Atit* SmMt *t*i XT*. W'Ulsnv H. V*±*nr.
S3 ra \*~ r* yn,vUUtac». B- I- «Pror1O«>CT.
K, I.. (»>r« :»**•«* rot<y.)
I TVvnrT*\ c.Tieitr tnvate.
TIN«XXT-ln U»!« city. May 11 1>H. Mrs.
Statr Wai*er Tlsgl^y. wife U the Iat» Jwigi
«>-j.-»:» I*. Ttt*»*y. an'l I«l</vt4 mither tA
Mr*. XtrvtT*'. Mocora-'J l^cdicm ».*»i Mr*.
%U.iy Vlai-t LawT»-t«». ar^l gra»/inv/:n*r <-f
Aiir*- M. LwJjura and »Vj!«tjtnw Vlotet I-a'»-
r^rttr. m C4ilt» v! K^at«ck>. ag»d >> ytars
t;7Vuum.\ #rrrJc*» a: '"yvr*»» Iawd
rvtn*t*ry «r^a» 1 aJ 12 b'cloek. Haturlay.
Mxy 14. Ki+r.fie cam t»a\« KlgMttntn and
fits*rt*t'^ einwta a' II o'c'ork.
W.'.IJ-lCB- la tfcta Ma/ II. 1VW. Ei'.f-r.
u.'.tr.f wjx tf Jk1l>m K. *uA May Vtmtlmc*.
• R*m« «f fcaii Vna"iw.
Wi:LlJ»— !o lu-rk»lt~r. Har 12. 1VA. Martfca
•»>lt«, r .->.-. tA >l; A. Wr!:« of «C l>wu.
Mn. h*rah 1!- Il>«Jley. Sirs. Mary W.
Bpriagajr. afcil s^trr of Mr*. Jlary J. #\*k-
n-an. of Pu'ax Rl-rtaj'/ft-l ar>4 Mi a Karah .*.
/i'.-:*5'.ni» Of Jfar-raox-afj. % i»aiiv« cr 'JhUt,
ages) t? y**j* 4 mnntha a&4 7 day*.Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
-More narrow Variations tn; Beans, both up
and down, are noted. , With '- the exception of
Pinks, which continue .In demand for ship
ment, the market is quoted quiet and steady.
1 BEANS — Bayos, $2 40f?2 55; Pea $2 90®
3 10; Butters. $3@3 00; email White; $2 90©
Beans and Seeds.
New Hay it> on the market. A car of new
volunteer Wild Oat, of very good quality has
been received from Alfred' Ekenberg, Byron
Station, who has sent Into this market the
first new Hay for three consecutive years ¦ it
was held at $11 per ton. A car of new Al
falfa wa4 also received from ¦ Byron, selling
at $7 per ton. " The • Hay market continues
•oft, with Oat quoted lower, and stock selling
down to $8. The other grades are unchanged.
Feedstuff s continue firm. .... ., .
BRAN— $21022 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 50029 50 per ton. ¦•«
SHORTS— $21®22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 00^21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 50331:
Jobbing. $32'. Cocoanut Cake. $22323: Corn
Meal. $30 50@3I 50; Cracked Corn. $31@32;
MUed Fe«d. - $21@22; -Horse Beans.- $30©
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl. -
HAY — Wheat. $11015; Wheat and Oat $11©
14; Oat, $9@12: Barley, nominal. Stock
$8@10; Alfalfa. $9©11 per ton. -..,..,•
•- STRAW— 50©70c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
N*EW YORK. May 12. — Close — Money on caJl
was •"-*» t- ;- at l\'/2 T>er cent; closing bid, 1%
jjer* cent : offered 2 i*t cent.
. Time locnr were slightly firmer, with sixty
<Uyf at 2V- P"" cent: ninety day*. 2%@3 per
ceiit; eix rnc|ths. 3^4 per cent.
Prime mercantile pap<r. S%^ti% per cent.
Sterling exchange wa> eteadyr with actual
Irjslnem In backers' bills at " $4. R4&0S 4.8435
;for deo-and, and at $4.£43lig4.S5 for eixty-day
bill*.
9 Posted rate*. t4.S5%A4.S6 and $4.68.
« OommeTcial Mile. f4.S4%.
Rar silver. W5%c.
Mfxlcac dollar*. 44%c
Boritts — Oovernments, eteady; railroads, lr-
New York Money Market.
EASTERN 3L4RKETS.
Weakness and dullness characterize the
markets everywhere. Prices remain unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
12%c 'for extra light and' 15#16c for sugar
cured;-Eastern -sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Call
fomla'Hams. 12<Sl2%c: Mess Beef, $10@
10 50 per bbl; extra Mess. $ll«ll 50; Family,
$12f?12 50; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear,
$24: Mess, $18; Dry Salted Pork, lflc: Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb. ' ,
LARD — Tierces quoted at 0%c per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
8%c: 10-lb tins. 9Vic; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
9%c. '
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. S%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces. S%o per lb.
Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S3@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 60; Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; 1 Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 5OU4 75; Cracked Wheat, $4;
Fanna, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, > $3 75:
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 (JO; In sacks. $6 75®
8 10; Pearl Barleys $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Pea*. $5 50 per 100 lbs. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO. May 12. — A firm undertone, due
to heavy rains and low temperature in the
Northwest, prevailed In wheat at the opening
to-day. Initial sales of July were unchanged
to a shade higher at 85%c to 85%@S5%c. A
report- that flre at Fort William had de
stroyed a large elevator full of wheat brought
out enough buying orders from pit traders to
advance the price to SOiic. Receipts were ex
tremely small, and this fact also exerted a
bullish Influence. But trading in <rener.il was
light. The market lacked any outside sup
port, and with a continuance of offerings the
price rradually weakened. A number of bear
ish reports were received during the day, in
creasing the weakness. Advices from Russia
stated -ihat the surplus of wheat for export
was : till laree and that the weather was
favorable for rrowln*- wheat. The condition
of wheat fields In the Southwest was reported
to have shown considerable improvement. An
Influential selling: motive was the lack of out
side demand, the supposition being that if
there Is no foreign demands between now and
harvest, time stocks of wheat In Chicago wlfi
show a big Increase. The market closed weak:
with July at 84*ig84%c after the price had
declined to 84%©84%c. • •
Corn was moderately strong on light re
ceipts and on covering by shorts. July closed
Viifr'/ic higher at 4»c.
In symDathy with corn, oats ruled firm
the entire day. July closed unchanged.
Provisions were firm on strong hog markets
early, but later there was some oressure to
sell, and Drices settled to a little below. ye»
terday^s final quotations.- Pork was down
2%c. lard waa off 2%c and rib" were a shade
lower. ' . ?
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
.Wheat. N6. 2—
May •••• »1% 02 91% 91%
July old f>~ 87 85% 86
July new ....'. M% 85% 84% 84%
September, old. SI 1 * 81% 80ft 80%
September, new. 80% S0% 79% 79%
Corn. No. 2 —
May 47% . 48U 47% 47%
July 48% 49% 48%, ,49,
September ..... 48% 49 '4S% 48%
"*¦ Oats. No. 2 — - ¦ . .' . . . .
May 41% 41% 41>i 41%
July ........... 39 39'i 88% 33 ,
Future Grain and Provisions.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4}«c; 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%c; Seedless
Muscatels; 3Vic; do floated. :i%c; Seeded Rais
ins. 10-oz cartons, fancy 5%c; choice. 5V«c;
12-oz canons, fancy, 4%c; choice. 4%c; in
bulk, fancy. 514c; choice. 5c;, Imperial . clus
ters. $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. $2; London
Layers. 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshellj 13%(3l4c;
No 2 ll%«?12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13©U%<?:
No! 2. 11©11%c;' Almonds ll%c for Nonpa
reils. ll%c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and IHic far Languedoc; Peanuts. C@7c fo>
Eastern: Pecans ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50^5.
HONEY— Comb. 10@ll%c for white and 8%
@9%c for amber; water white extracted, Mi
5V4c- light amber extracted. 4%@4%c; dark.
3%jT4c.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
FRUITS— Apricots.' 8%5?10%c for Royals and
9#12c fcr Moorparks; Evaporated Applss, 4\i<$
Cc; sun-ilrled, 3@4%c; Peaches, 6@Sc;
Pears. 8©ll%c; Figs, white. 2%@3c in boxes;
black 4Hc; Plums, pitted. 5@7%c per lb.
PRUNES— 19U3 crop. 2Q2J4C for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits,Niits,Raisins,Honey.
Yesterday was another very dull day In |
stocks and there was nothing: new to report 1
In price changes.
(The frcat of A. L. LanKerman on the Stock
and Bond Exchange has been bought by E-, H.
Rollins & Sons for $12,000. It was necessary
to amend the by-laws in order that & cor- ;
poration could be admitted to membership.
Ex -dividend yesterday: Alaska Packers' As- i
sociation regular monthly. $1 per share. !
amounting to $48,000; Central Eureka Mining i
Company of California, regular monthly, 3c
per share, amounting to $12,000.
The Palermo Nursery and Citrus Association
of Butte County has levied an assessment of j
$50 iier share, delinquent June 13. J
The New York Cotton Exchange has decided |
to make May 2S, the Saturday preceding Deco- I
ration day. a holiday.
The directors of the Humboldt Savings- and
Lean Eocietv have petitioned the Superior
Ccurt of this city and county to change the j
name of the corporation to the Humboldt
Saving's Bank. The bank contemplates making
an active campaign for business and among;
Its plans Is the erection of a ten or twelve
story modern building: on the lot it now oc
cupies on Geary street.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
THURSDAY, May 11—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES EONDS.
". Bld.Ask. VXv . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lOfi%lC7i4 4s qr cp new.1.12%132%
4s qr res... 107 107% 3s qr coup.. 106 106%!
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W r>s. — — Oak T Co Cs.119 120% i
Bay CPC. Ss. 100% — Do 5s Ill U2& '
Cal C G os. — 1C5 Do con 5s. 101% — !
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. «5 75
m & ct.fis. S1VI 82% Om C Ry 6s. — 122
Cal-st C .">s.ll6%ll7V4lPac O Im 4s. — _
C C Wat 5s. — 101 |P E Ry 5s.. — 105
EdL&POs— — P&CH 6s. 104% _ ;
F & C H Ps.114%116%!P & OR 6s. 116 —
Geary-st 5s. — — { Powell -st 6s. — 114
H C&S 5%s.lOO — |Sac EG&R 5s 97H 97«4
i Do 3s 97% 98% SF & SJV 5(..116%U7
Hon R T e«.104% — Sierra Ry «s — > 115
LA Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L, A Ry 5s.lll%112 (190») 108 10814
L A L Co 6s — — <1910) 109-109%
Do Ktd 6s — — S P of C 63
Do Ktd 5s. — 105 (190r.)Sr A. 101*4102
LAP lem Ss.100 — . (1905)Sr B.102% —
Mkt-st C «a.<-— 110%! (100ft) 104%104Ti
Do lem 5s. 113% — ! (1912) ..\.. — na
MVAMtT 5s. 101% — (SPC leg 5s. 110 —
N R Of C 6s. — 107%| .Do stmpd.107%108
Do 5s .116%117 |S P B R 63.132 —
N P C R 5s. — 107 iS V Wat 6s. 104% —
N C Ry 5s.lOO" — Do 4s 2dm. 99 —
N C P C 5s. 99 102 I Do 4s 3dm.'— 100
N S R R 5s. — 10O |Stkn G4-E 6s 95 97%
O OLAH 5s.l06%107%JU G & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa '38% I Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — «1 IS V Wat Co. 3S 3S%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L i P. ,T — |S F G ft E. 61% 82
Mutual EL. 11% 12 IStkn O & E. 4 ¦%
Pac L Co.: 56 — 'IlIG&ECo. - 33
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. 125 — |L P & A 152% —
Anglo-Cal .. — 87 Mer Trust. ..19rt 223
Bank of Cal.42ff%4.V> |Merch Ex... 55 —
Cal Safe Dp- 130 S F National — —
First Nationl — — *, I «¦
SAVINGS BANKS. . :
Ger S & L.226O 2350 |Sav ft L So. — 100
Hum 3 & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 430
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 (Presidio 39% 40 /
Geary — 80 I /
* . . POWDER.
Giant 60% «%iVlKorlt ...... 4% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana F C. — 40c Kllauea SC -J 4
Hawaiian C. 49% 51 MakaweU C. 20% 21
Honokaa S C 11% 12^ Onomea SC. 24 27%
Hutch S P C 9% 9%|Paauhau S C. 13% 13%
MISCELLANEOUS. •
Alaska P A. 139 — lOceanlc S C. — 414
Cal F C A.— 100% I Pac Aux FA. 6 «
Cal Wine A. 91% 92 I Pac C Borax. — I67
MV&Mt Tm.100 — f
Morning: Session.
Board — * . . .
75 Hutchlnson S P Co.........' 0 00
$3000 North Shore 5s. ..... 93 5©
- Afternoon Session.
Board —
.10 Honokaa S Co 12 00
¦150 Paauhau S" P Co.............'...; 13 50
I 10 Spring Valley Water Co.... 3S 12%
$3000 S V 4s (2d mtge)...... 09 00
$SO0O aacramento Elec Gas & By 5s.. 97 W
Iroh closed at-62s In Glasgow and at 44s
1 V 1 In Middlesboro. Locally Iron shows rather
an easy tone. No. 1 foundry, northern, U
quotetl at $15@15 50: No. 2 foundry, northern.
$14 7r>5?15 25; No. 1 foundry, southern, and
No. 1. foundry, southern, soft, $145*14 25. Pig
iron warrants are quoted dull, with sellers
at ?9 55.
Chicago Board of Trade.
I Lead was unchanged at $4 6fUSi 65 In the
local market and at £11 17s 6d In London.
Spelter also was unchanged In both markets
closing at $5 20@5 25 in New York and. at
£22 6s in London.
Copper was steady but quiet In the local
market. Lake Is quoted at $13 50; electrolytic.
$13 12%^" 25; casting $12 S7%B13 12%. Lon
don, however, was a little lower. Spot de
clined 2s Cd to £57 7s 0d and futures lost
le 3d. closlns: at £C7 lCs.
NEW YORK. May 12.— London cabled an
other slight advance In tin, the Rain belnp a
matter of fid. with spot closing at £125 15s
and futures at £124 7s fd. Locally tin was
quiet, but responded to the- advances abroad
clotinK about 20 points higher at $27 00@27 CO
for Fi>ot.
New York Metal Market.
(120th Meridian— -Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. May 12. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate.. os coir.;>ared with those cf the same
dtte itFt f-easor:, an<J the rainfall In the last
twenty-four hours:
Last This Last !
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 63.27 60.47
Red BlafT 0.00 31.12 23.15
¦Sacramento 0.00 lfi.Rii 16.fi2
Pan Francisco 0.0<> 29.99 IS. 2$
Tresno «.00 8.04 £.50
Independence 0.00 2.57 2.34
Fan L. Obiepo Trac* 1«.S5 IP. 40
Loe Angele* O.ftt 8.72 19.2!»
San Diero 0.00 4.30 11.41
THE COAST RECORD.
" • = 2 k g 5 r
:ffff§ - l
. ETAT7ONS. y 5 2 33 I* £ *
¦ c 2 : : I
'.}•'¦': '•
f'.aker S0.08 66 Zd EE Cloudy .00
J-»^13 29. Vj 7« 44 W Clear .00
Kureka .4 30.*j« «o 50 NW Clear .00
•Fresno 23.92 98 60 NW Pt.Cldy .00
K E Farallon :u>.<*» 50 51 TfW Cloudy .00
' ri6.gft*fl 2a. 76 74 40 P Cloudy .CO
Po^atello 30.12 CO 2S N Cloudy .VO
Independence. 2S.78 KS C2 W Pt.Cldy .00
Loe Angel«e ..2a.»4 C8 r,2 SW Clear .<*i
llt.Tamalpais 23.87 O0 W! NW Clear .00
North He*d....2».94 "<J 64 FE Pt.Cldy .uO
Pho^r.ix 29.76 90 60 W Cloudy .«0
•P. fleves L't».M 56 49 NW Cloudy .00
IVirtland 2t».M 82 M E Clear .00
.jied Bluff 29. S4 Kb 62 SE Clear .00
RoseburK 29.W *2 40 NW Clear .00
F»<-j>mrnto ..Tt.HH 72 54 S Clear .00
"Fait I-ake 3O.OO fi« 44 N Cloudy .00
K Frar.cl«co...S0.00 t8 R2 W CJear .00
.••L Obispo..2fi.08 €2 52 W T Cloudy .00
Ean Dic«o ...2»-92 m 6C NW Clear .00
Seattle 29.92 60 42 NE Clear .00
Fpokaiie ''-0.12 «• 4<) NE Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 29. »4 c-4 4«! E Clear .00
V.'alla V»*aila..3it.<!0 78 42 N Clear .00
Yum* »• TO «0 C2 B Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha* risen elowly along- the
.coa»: of Northern California. It has fallen
'rapidly over Washington. A moderate depree- !
tir> 1 overlie* the vailey of the Colorado, and
clepdy wtather is rc-corted generally in Arl
iora. '
• \tarm weather continue* in Oregon and :
Washinicton. with afternoon temperature* of
ab«ut bif <5e«T»*s.
Foe prevails along the California cocict.
J-'crccaft n-.a<1e at San Francisco for thirty
ho»rs. e«*lnF midnight May 13:
Northern California — Cloudy Friday; fresh
southerly winds in the Interior; brisk westerly
minds on the coast, with tog.
.. Southern California — Cloudy Friday; fresh
•outhwojrt wind*.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday.
* Arizona snd Utah — Fair Friday and Satur
day
San Fram-iW) and vicinity — Cloudy Friday;
tirlrk westerly winds, with teg.
' * A- O. McADIE. Dlstrtct ForecaMer.
WHEAT — The markets everywhere contin
ued about as before. Chicago was several
fractions lower on the day and Minneapolis
reported good sales of Flour.
In this market futures were lower, but cash
grain remained as before.
' CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $,1 25®1 .12%; California!
White Australian, $1 52%@1 .17',!,; Northern
Club. $1 SO&l o7%; Northern Bluestem, $1 0t>
61 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
: Open. High. Low. Clost.
May $127 $127 $127 $127
December . .• 1 27 1 27% 1 26% 1 20%
2 p. m. Session.
December ..$1 20%.
BARLEY — Both cash grain and futures were
lower, with quiet markets.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 C5 1 CS*i; Shipping and j Brew
ing. $1 12%@1 15; Chevalier, $1 lOtjl 20 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 8 to 11 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December .. 94 li ' V*M «3«i 03%
• 2 d. in. Seseion.
December ..' 93%.
OATS— There la no further change to re
port In any description. The market continues
quiet.
White, $1 30@l 40; Black. $1 22%ei 27%:
Red, $1 27%j?l 85; Gray, 1 32%<&1 3i"% per
ctl. ¦
CORN — Firmness, light stocks and a good
consumptive demand are still the features of
the market. Prices remain unchanged. ¦
Western sacked, $1 45(ffil 47% tor Yellow and
White and $1 45 for Mixed; California large
Yellow $1 47%®1 52%; small round do, $1 550
1 HO;' White, $1 45®1 47% per ctl; Egyptian,
$1 40@l 50 fur white and $1 27%©1 30 lor
brown. ¦ - '
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
The America Maru took out for Kobe
$150,000 in. Mexican dollars.
Silver was Vic higher. Exchange remained
unchanged. v
Sterling Exchante, sixty days.. — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 "*7^,
Sttiilnic Exchange, cables — 4 SS%
New York Exchange, sight — 02»j|
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — . 05
Silver, per ounce — 56%
Mexicaa Dollars, nominal 45 @ 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
Another Very Quiet Day on the
Local Exchanges.
Weather Report.
STOCK MAEKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
. EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues firm, notwithstanding the lipht demand.
Common. 4<g5 I 4c: r>ri"ne. 5S.- C; choice. QK®
C%c; fancy, 7®7%c. •
PRUNES — Are moving In small lots only
and appear rather unsettled, with prices rang
ing from 3c to 5*4 c. according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are in light request, but with
stocks small and rule firm In the absence nf
gelling pressure. Choice ere quoted at 9'4Q>
10c: extra choice. 10'4«HO%c. '
PEACHES— Rule quiet. Choice. 7>4g7%c;
extra choice. 7»»@8c; fancy, 9%@10c. v
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK. May 12.— FLOUR— Receipt?.
7354 barrels; exports, 9900 barrels ; market
featureless, but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 67.100 bushels; exports,
1000 bushels; spot, barely steady; No. 2 red.
$1 C6 elevator and $1 07gl 11 f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 99c f. o. b. afloat.
Options were quiet, but steady all day. closing
Vi@%c lower: May. :»2e: July, 8»%c; Sepfm
ber. S2"4c: December. 82^.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair reflnlnr. 3Hc; cen
trifugal. 06 test. 3»4c; molasses sucar. 3c.
Refined was firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
6»ic: mild, quiet; Cordova, 10$13c. Futures
closed steady, ' net unchanged to 10 points
higher; sale*. 61.500 bass; July. 5. 50^5. 55c;
September. - l ;.75'g5.M>c; December, «1.05e; Jan
uary, 6.10@6.15c; March 6.3O@6.35c.
A 7 e7v York Grain and Produce.
APPLES— $162 50. per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 ".Iff*
2 50 for fancy, $1 25®1 75 for choice. and $1@
$1 25 forb'andard: Tcncerlnes. nominal: Lem
ons, $2 5002 75 for fancy. $1 60©l 75 for
choice and $1®1 25 for standard: Grape Fruit.
$1 25@2;-Mexlcan Ltmes. nominal at $5®6 per
case; Bananas. $2f?3 per bunch for Central
American and $1®2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$2@3 per dozen.
The demand for small sizes of Navel
Oranges ' continued brisk and offerings of 176s,
which had the most call, were -• held at a
sharp advance. Larre sizes were plentiful
and rather dull, with dealers offering con
cessions to large buyers. The other Citrus
fruits stood as previously quoted. Only five
cars of Oranges were in sight for the auction
up to the close.
STRAWBERUIES— $4tr7 per chest for Long
worths and $3475 for the larger varieties.
CHERRIES— 50cf?$l 25 per drawer.
APRICOTS — $1 00 per crate.
Several -consignments pf Apricots came in
from Arizona and Southern California and
prices declined sharply, as' the fruit was gen
erally unattractive and dealers were obliged
to cut in order, to effect sales. Cherries wera
plentiful and lower despite a fair Inquiry for
shipment on the Portland steamer. Receipts
were 4S.5 boxes, a email portion of which were
shipped direct to Oakland. Well colored lots
sold from &5c to $1 25 i>er drawer, the latter
being an extreme fleure. white the small
white variety dragged at 50©75c. Arrivals of
Berries, were heavy, aggregating 915 cheats,
and as the receipts were too heavy for tin
market to readily absorb prices declined and
there were a great many chests of the largs
varieties, stfll unsold at the close. The top
quotations for both varieties were extreme and
obtained only for small lots of favored brands.
Raspberries from Los Anieles sold at 25c
per small basket and I>ewberrles from the
same section brought 10f£12%c per basket.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK. May 12.— The cotton market
closed steady. 5 points lower. , :
New York Cotton Market.
Flour qr sks .. 5,f>2.% Feed, sks 52
Wheat ct!s 9«O! Hides, bdls 130
Barley, ctls lO.4no|Pelts. bdls- 75
Oats ctls .. 1.035'SuKar. sks 2.0CO
Potatoes sks .. 2.9S2|Qulcksllver flks. 3O
Onions sks ... 508 ! leather, rolls .. 84
Br?n. sks 3f)0iWlne. pals .... 67,9r.O
MldillnKs. sks.. . 706!Llme. bbls ...¦. 503
Hay tons ' 4"OChieorj' ] bbls \ /'., ' ,10
Wool sfc* 3*1 Tallow, ctls .... ! " 25
Shorts eks .... 170|
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks . . 408|
FOR THURSDAY. MAY 12.
Receipts of Produce.
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
. Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6a. — 99 jS P C Ry 4s. — 10O
B L Wat «s. — 117%: S P Co 4%s.lOO% —
C NW R 5s. — 112 (Sun Tel «s..ll3 —
Marln Co 5s. 100 — Do 5s — 105
Ris I W 5s. — 107%'s'utter-st 5»..1O5 in
SF Drydk 5s — 113U|L'R of SF 4s. 79 T9Va
SF & NT 53. — lll%i
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 24% 27% (Mat Nav Co. — 90
Am Bis Co. — — i Mills Nil Bk. — —
Cal Cot Mils S3 — JNev Ntl Bk.. — 20©
Cal O4E Cor 45 — N S R R... 9% —
C Jockey C1.13O 150 N C P Co. . 11 11%
Cal Powder. 13O — Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Co... 75 —
Cal T I & T — 135 IOOF Hall A 6 —
On Kk Oak. — 65 |Orpheum Co. 15 18*4
Chutes Co... 7»i 7%|P C Cas Co. 120 —
City & C Bk — 112 I Pac S Tel... — 102
Cyp L Imp. 6 — I Pac Srty Co. — —
East Dynm.. — 2r>o i*Paraf Paint. 38 —
DuP Pdr pfd 8O CO IS F Drydock. 60 —
Do com... 40 50 SFASJV Coal 25 32%
Fi> Bk Oak. 120 — JS J Wat Co. — 10*
Fischer Thtr — 75c IS O&Tgbt C.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — (Swiss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con As. — 22 ITruckee Elec 12% 124
Hono P Co. . — 14 IUR In Co pfd 43 —
L & S F Bk. — 60 j Do com.... 9 —
SALES, i ¦- , \
Morning Session.
Street —
($2(300 United R R of S F... TO 25
Afternoon Session.
i Street—
JI3CC0 United R R of S F 4» T3 23
California Stock and Oil Exchange
1 Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 4«
! Associated Trust Certificates. < W 20
I Aztec I..." 6O
Caribou 425 45O
Central Point Con BO 70
Chicago Crude 20 21
Claremont 62 **
Four €0 *1
} Fulton 3 T5
|Hanford 105 00
Home 162%
Independence W ZT
Junction 12 14
Kern River 10 5O
Monarch «of Arizona) 3»
Monte Cristo «6 70
Occidental of W Va 10
Oil City Petroleum 45 49
Peerless U 09
Reed Crude 1 50 ....
Senator 67
Sovereign 45 ....
Sterling 2 50
Superior 03 ••••
Thirty-three T 75
j Toltec 21
I Twenty-eight 8 0O
iWest Shore 2 60
j Teck 110
! Miscellaneous —
j Chutes Company 7 00 ....
1 Cypress Lawn Imp Co T 00
¦¦ Fischer's Theater 35 5O
I Northern Cal Power 11 00 11 50
i SALES.
I Morning Session.
Board—
I 200 Monarch • 37
,. Afternoon Session.
Board— •
I 500 Claremont 63*
: 500 Claremont. b CO 64
I lOrt Caribou 4 50
! 600 Home 155
SCO Monarch 35
Strtet —
j 100 Oil City Petroleum ? 4»
Mining Stocks.
i SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE,
! Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
50O Andes 2ft| 300 Crown Point.. Tt
1 500 Belcher 35 1 S»iO Overman 31
! 100 Belcher 3H| 20O Overman 32
100 Caledonia ... ««! 100 Potoei 16
100 Caledonia ... 701 100 Savage 55
100 Caledonia ... 69| 5<>0 Scorpion in
500 Challenge Con 23i 100 Sierra Ner . . 4-V
500 Challenge Con 24i 300 Utah f»
100O Con Imperial. «12! 000 Yellow Jacket. 25
500 Con NY.... 03!
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ... 63? 10O Overman SO
10O Exchequer ... .ID; 1<<O Savage 34
100 Ophir 5 25! 10O Union Con .. 68
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
i Stock Exchange Jesterday:
: Morning Session.
200 Alpha Ill 100 Mexican ...187%
5OO Andes 20' 100 Mexican 1 «
COO Belcher 3:1) 40«» Seg Belcher .. 11
50 Best & Belch. 1 50 1 loo Union Cob .. «J>
9«O Con C & Va.l 501 ICO Union Con . . «a
200 Crown Point. 22| 100 Union Coa .. «T
10O Crown Point. 231 200 Yellow Jacket. 24
100 Crown Point. 24 1
Afternoon Session.
400 Alpha HI 200 Gould A Cur. 20
100 Con C & Va.l 501 10O Mexican ...1 83«i
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
100 MacNamara '. 20| 2fO Ton Belmont.. 71
700 Mont Ton.. 1 62% t 500 Ton Midway.. 40
60 Mont Ton . . .1 60| 200 Ton N Star . . 28
Afternoon Session.
'230 Mont Ton.. 1 62% t 500 Ton Belmont.. TO
1000 Ray 4 OBrien 04! 500 Ton Midway.. 38
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. May 12—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10 11 Justice 10 12
Alta 07 09 Ke&tack 02 03
Andes 20 2l!Keyes Graea.. — 1 CO
Belcher 33 341 Lady Wash .. — OS
Best & Belch. 1 45 1 5.*' Mexican 1 85 1 SO
Bullion 08 COI Occidental ... 79 81
Caledonia ... «4 65lOphlr 5 23 5 37%
Challenge Con 23 24 Overman 30 31
Chollar -.. M » Potosl 16 IS
Confidence ...125 1 30 Scorpion 10 13
Con C & Va.l 50 1 55!Savage 35 36
Con Imperial. 02 OSISeg Belcher ..09 11
Con N Y 03 04|Slerra Nev .. 4« 47
Crown Point." 22 23,SUver Hill .. M M
East Sierra N 06 — St Louts .... 09 10
Eureka Con.. — 50| Syndicate .... 04 06
Exchequer ... 29 30! Union Con ..69 70
Gould & Cur. 1» 2WUtah 08 09
Hale & Norc. 55 601 Yellow Jacket. 23 21
Julia 05 07)
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Colehan — f-7!Ray A OBrien 03 *S
Esprranza. ... — OlIRescue <M 07
Gold. Anchor. — 30|Ton nelmont.. 70 71
Gold M Con. 02 OKlTon & Cal ..' «l —
Hannapah ... — lOlTon Cash Boy ©«i —
Little Ton .. 25 — ITon Gold M. 15 —
MacNamara . 1« 20|Ton of Nev.. 8 OO —
Mont Ton . . .1 «O 1 65;Ton N Star.. 2S »
Pine Grove .. 00 — ITon Midway.. ZA 40
1 Ray Ton ... — 15! Ton & Salt L. 20 —
Th« report of Edward A. Reals. Section Di
rector. United States Weather Bureau, for the
Ctr^fon Crop Bulletin for the week ended May
10. 16 as follows:
"The pa*t wef-k has been cool and fhow
«?ry. n-ijh several frosty mornings. It was
favorabie for advancing farm work, but too
.cool for rapid growth. Fail wheat and fall
barley are everywhere In excellent condition,
and b) some localities early town fall barley
Is beginning to head. Spring seedinr is nearly
finished except on the low. h^avy lands, and
t#w rcriy seeded wheat, barlej- and oat* have
«il c^^rne up to good stands. Pasturage. pras»
<<s sni Fuch forap? plants as vetch and cheat
axe doing e^Jtndldiy. Stock continues improv
ir.g and the Sew of milk in the da'.ry herds
Is excellent. Sheep shearing Is well under
way. with the indications that the clip will
be an average one.
" "In a few localities hoi* have be?n injured
fcy froet. and the vine* everywhere have not
done so we'.] as they did the previous week-
Trie cu?tlvation of the hep yards for the first
Time has been practically completed, and the
Jsops are now nearly to the top of the pcles.
or twir.e. a* the case may be. Gardens are
backward, and some tender varieties of vege
table* have been slightly Injured by frost.
Late parpens and late potatoes are being plaflt
&' u and cnn«!d<rab!e land is being prepared
for corn, but not much has yet been planted.
FVosts Save badly damaged Italian prunes.
Vi<l Royal Ann ch«TU-8 are reported to have
,V*»n »<»vere!y injured in many localities. Pe
tite prune* *n<i r-ear-hes have set well and
th#r* is a profueion of appie bloom*."
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
CHEES&— ?Q9c for Rood to choice new
and tSQTc for lower grades; Young Americas,
tfl&OVic; Eastern, 15gl6c: Western. 14@l5c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, . 184j(20c for fair to choice;
store, lC^jlSc; Eastern, lS@10c per dozen.
Receipts of Butter are getting excessive, as
will be seen, but the market seems to be tak
ing care of them, although the feeling is
very weak. All dealers are carrying large
stocks and report the market in poor shape
for sellers.
Cheese is getting demoralized and anything
over 8%c ie now especially choice. Close buy
ers ' will not pay this figure any longer, ex
cept to fill seme particular demand. There Is
far too much on the market.
Most cf the ranch Eggs are now selling at
19c and some houses are no longer asking
above this figure. There are still sales at 20c.
however, but this figure is the extreme top of
the market. Receipts and stocks continue
large.
Receipts were 101. 1P0 lbs Butter, 1787 cases
EgKS and 03,300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at firs', hands. lS@18%c
for extras and 17@17%c for firsts; dairy. 15^j>
17%c; store Butter 13@14c; cold storage.'nom
inal
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Foreign Futures.
.1 , ' . LIVERPOOL.
. Wheat — : - May.'- July. ' Sept.
Opening ii V.% -._ 6 4-V' 6 5%
Closing ...63% '6 4% 6 5^;
PARIS. .
AVheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening '. Holiday.
Closing
Flour— .
Opening <
Closing
London Wool Sales.
• LONDON, May 12. — The offerings at the
1 wool auction sales to-day amounted to 14.0S3
; bales. Victorian sold at the highest price of
! the series. Germany bought Merinos and
' crossbreds largely. Americans secured mod
erate lots of Merinos and fine croBBbreds.
; Scoured, broken fleece, was in strong demand
i and realized extreme rates. /
; SL Louis WoqI Market.
ST. LOUIS, May 12. — Wool active; medium
grades, combine and clothing, 17@21c; Ustht,
tine. 14® 17c; heavy, fine. 12gl4c; tub washed,
, 20@31c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. ,
PORTLAND. May 12.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la 73c; Bluestem. Sic: Valley. Sic.
; WASHINGTON.
1 TACOMA, May 12.— WHEAT— Steady ani
'unchanged. Bluestem. 84c:- Club; 74c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, May 12.— Clearings, $733,789;
balances. $133,907. ¦ •
TAC0MA. May 12.— Clearings, • $321,307;
balance?, ?2O,3lfi.
PORTLAND. May 12.— Clearings. $4S8,615;
balances. .561.104.
SPOKANE. May 12. — Clearings, $402,607;
balances, $34,907.- •¦». . . :
Cash in Treasury.
WASHINGTON. May 12.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $177,671,167; gold $77 -
3C7.197.
The rate of discount In the open- market for
short bills is 2^2 1-16 per cent and for thr»e
months' bills 2 l-16@2%"per cent.
Con for money.nO 7-16|New York Cen... 116*1
Cons for account. .00% I Nor & Western.. R7%
Anaconda 3%! Do pfd.. 89%
Atrhison 71% Ontario &.West.. 21%
Do pfd 95H Pennsylvania 68%
Bait & Ohio .80% Rand Mines...... 10%
Canadian Pacific. 120 Reading 22
Ches & Ohio 30% Do 1st pfd 30
Chi Great West. 15% Do 2d pfd : 21%
C. M & St P 143V« Southern Railway. 20%
De Beers. 1914 Do pfd SC
Den & Rio O.. .. 20% Southern Pacific. 4S%
Do pfd 71 Uhicm Pacific tt%
Erie 2fl% Do pfd 94>,C
Do 1st pfd 64 U S Steel 9%
Do 2d pfd 3R% Do prd 54'i
Illinois Central.. .133^ Wabash 1«%
Louis & Xash... .11114) Do «t>M 3« '
Mo. Kan & Tex. 17 (Spanish Fours Sl%
Ear silver — Steady; 25-15-16d per ounce
Money— 1>4<J?1% 'per cent. .
London Closing Stocks.
The rrivat* wires of Mitchell, Mu'.eahy &
Co. from WaJl street yesterday reported ehip
nipr.fs of $11,500,000 In gold to Europe, this
I>e-?r.K the heaviest single day's shipment ever
fcjiown. la addition $7,000,000 is reported en
eased for Saturday. Money is ehowing more
flnr.rifs>5 and food Judges look for higher rates
wttiiln the next month. The continued export
or told and the Inability to measure Its prob
*blo extent, with the decline in general busi
ness throughout the country, is undermining
public confidence in the stack market to com*
<3«-»re«. The recent selling of Steel Is re
ported to represent Schwab holdings. Steel
ummon Is now down to $9 12%. About a
rear- e.go it was t*id that the Interests having
jh* control of it would net allow it to get
below $1'» and this was the bottom figure until
**v«ra! <jajs Ago. The Bank of England rate
iw-Kfeinetl uncharged.
The Dax in Wall Street.
tamed level of the foreign exchange rate makes
it evident that the movement has -not lost its
force, and estimates vary widely as to Us
limits. wMch have already reached over $40,
0t».(ioo since Its Inception In April. A large
portion of the Panama canal payment remains
to be provided for and the current outgo evi
dently is to meet other requirements than the
l'ar.ama payment. For one thing..--' It Is ad- i
imtted that to-day's enffapement j s j n part
against a subscription to the Russian loan,
which was taken yesterday. The steady In
flow of Japanese gold t<j o,ur Pacific Coast has
been an Important offset to New York's ex
portf. The point ; Is made, however, that th«
sub*crlrtlons to the Japanese loan here will
check the Inflow of gold at San Francisco by
providing funds here for Japan to draw upon,
while drafts may be made also upon that
fund for payments In England, thus adding
to the demand for gold exports. Meantime
the Treasury Department ha* sent notice of
the withdrawal of the final 10 per cent ln
ttallment of 4<> per cent of Government de
r>o*its with banks on May 25. These with
drawals, when completed, will have taken
something like $50,000,000 from the banks.
The rold movement shared Influence with the
continuing effect of the crop conditions and
Ceclinini? tendency of the iron and steel trade.
United £tcte* Steel common established a new
low record to-day and the preferred stock
suffered acutely from the discussion of its
prospects for maintained dividends. Further
reports were received of decreased railroad
i earnings. The feeling of genera! distrust over
the stability of the market led to free throw
ing ever of stock* and the eharp breaks in
prices on the day. Late covering by room
shorts steadied the cloMnsr.
Bonds wer* Irregular. Total sales, par
value. $l.S90.000.
United Etat»s bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
.. . . Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 21.9(>0- 6tt»i 6S»4 €8*1
Atchisca pfd • 400 U2% 92% 92vl
Baltimore & Ohio . 5,100 783i 77^ TltL
Baltimore & O. pfd .. 91
Canadian Pacific .. 900 116"W 110% llfl«i
Central of N. J .... 15 5
Chea & Ohio 600 SO 29% 29*i
Chicago & Alton ... 200 3S 38 38
Chicago & A pfd $0%
Chicago & G W..V. 2,700 15% 15 15
Chicago & N W ica
Chi. Mil & St Paul 14,700 141% 140% 140%
Chi. M & St PpM. '.... ' . 175%
Cht Ter & T "V't 300 -•'"&*' 8% 8
Chi T & T pfd.... 200 1%1J is£ 18%
C C C A St Louis. ¦ " . . 70U
Colorado So. 2.000 15% 15 13
Colo . 60 1st pfd ¦.. .v. 52
Colo So 2d pfd 100 i.1% 2i% 21*4
Delaware & Hud... 400 15CH 15C 156W
Del. Lack & West. 200 2«Sli 208 U 2CS%
Denver & Rio G . . too 20 20 IS?
Denver & R G pfd. 100 C8« C8K esw
grie I6.fioo 23% 23 23
Erie 1st pfd . 1.9'JO 02% 61*4 61=i
Erie 2d pfd 2 200 .'tTH 37 37
Hocking Valley .. Jj/jix
Hocking Val pfd... 300 78% 78>£ 79
fSS%£SS*£. .. :o ° 129% 129^ '?»
Iowa Central pfd ; 34^"
Kansas City So . . i~\l
Kansas City Eo pfd. 400 35 34% 34 u,
Louisville & Nash. 87.0iK) 10S 107% 107
Manhattan L .... 4oO H2!i 142?i 142%
Metropolitan Secur. 100 76 76 7"i2
Metropolitan St Ry 5.100 110 10S% 109U
I Minneap & e Louis 42
i M. St P&SauIt S M «ii/
M.stp&s st m pm :: •¦¦ ua*
j Missouri Pacific ... 7.N00 WOT, S0% «)%
M^T^pVd. .. 40 ° 16% 16^ if!
Nationl of Mex pfd ' "" a e
S y..^" 1^ 1 ••• 52O ° ***?4 1J3V4 114"
Norfolk & Western. 100 50* 56-68
Norfolk & West pfd «
Ontario & Western 800 21 'i 21 ii 21 U
P^bg'c^VstL 37 ' 700 "** U3^ »«?
5U2IS5 i«"ird:r: 3 :°°° 4 ' v: «** s»
Reading- 2d pfd " " " in V
Rock Island Co... 3.900 2"" 21 i', "1st
Bt Louis R W .... 106 i.| * [3'' ti s ,
St Louis S W pfd. 100 82 U 32U 32*
Southern Pacific . 13.100 47 1; 45a? Ai'
Southern Railay .. 'soo 20<i 20U 20U
Southern Ry pfd... 100 Kt &* fV^
Texas & Pacific... 200 22 22 21 U>
Tel. St L & West.. 100 25U 23V I'
Union Pacific .... 27.500 sh'sZ l^'-u. oAwv
Union Pacific pfd. '*% o? % |f* «'•
2<k) 171^ Vi u Vi
Wabarf. pfd 3,000 37 lip «si
Wheel & Lake Erie . . . <Jl "** f>*
Wisconsin Central. * ,-?*
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 3t)6 39% 30" 3ft H
Mexican Central... 300 7»i 714 7
Express Companies — '
A^rcan-::::::::: .. 10 ° - c K6 «=
%%£££?.¦.:•:.: ~ «£: >«V E
Miscellaneous— """
Amalg Copper 26,500 43% 4S»i »rtz
Amer Car & Found 100 igu i«u ?«u
Amer C k. F pfd... 300 70' 69U (&v
Amer Cotton Oil w * Sg
Amer Cot OH pfd " .:J"
Amerlc- \\ h i*.
Amer Ice pfd 300 27T4 27%i 2<S
Anior Linseed Oil ™ *'J$
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. ., 2 ojf
Amer IxJC'jmotive . 300 ls>% is" {a
Amer Locomo pfd go
Amer £m!t & Rttg Io S -
Arcerfi & R pXd... 200 &5>i 95" 94 if
Airer Sugar Reflg.. 1.300 127% 12(1% 12HT*
Aniwonda Mln Co.. 4CO 76 76 74
Brooklyn Rap Tran 8,500 46 45 idX'.
Cola Fuel & Iron 301J
Consolidated Gas... 44,000 210 203% 207W
Corn Product* 11
Corn Products pfd. 300 C6% 6C»4 6«
Dl«tlller»'8«uiitles 21
General Electric. V l<»0 155% 155 154
Interntl Faper V» 11 11 u .
Inlerntl Pump 35%
IntemU Pump pfd. 100 , 74 74 70
Nttional Le%d 1.100 1*% 17% 17^i
North American .... 83
Northern Securities ««8
Pacific Mall 100 25«i 25% 25
Pecples C!«s • 400 97% 96% m%
Prc«eed Steel Car.. POO 25 24% -2t%
! Pr Stfcfl Car pfd... 100 09 69 68%
Pul'.man Pal Cal.. 100 212 212 211%
Republic Steel 1.700 6V «% 6%
Republic Steel pfd. 8,200 39V4 37% 30
Rubber Goods 15%
Rutb«-r Ooods. pfd. 77Vi
TennCoa; & Iron.. 7.C00 3*% 32% 3SV,
¦ t: S Leather 200 6% «9i 6%
UKL*ath*r pfd •• 1.200 79% 79% 79%
|UJn«altv 1.100 7 6% 7
il'S Realty pfd .... 3,800 59% 68% 58%
ICSRubber ••• •»•• »5^b
IT B Rubber pfd ... 100 65 64% 64%.
lusst'*! 15,700 9U 9 9
IT T SPteAj pfd ..... 81.S00 6.1% 51% / 51%
WestlMThouse Klec. 400 153 154 1M%
Wertern Union 700 S9 . 88U S8%
Total sales ". ..415.7C0 shares.
UNITED RAILROAD8 OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. May 12.— Bond transactions of
the . United Railroads of San Francisco were
$25,000 at $78 75. • '>- .
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Commn- bid 4. asked 4 %; preferred, bid
25, asked 35%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. r*g...lC5 II, & N un! to..... 101
Do coupon 105 (Man con gold 4s.. 103%
Do 3s. reif 105% Mexican Cen 4s... 65%
Do coupon 10t$ Do lit lnc 13
Do new 4s. reg.132% Minn & St L to.. 05
Do coupon 132% M K & T to. ...100%
Do old 4s. reg.107 ¦ Do 2ds..... .'78%
Do coupon ....107 Ntl R Mex con 4s 74
Atchlson gen 4s. 101 |N Y Cen gen 3%s. 89%
Do adj 4s 90 IN- J- Cen ren Bs..I.tO%
Atlantic C L 4s. .95% Northern Pac' 4*. .104
Bait & Ohio to.. 100%) Do 3s. ...... 72M
Do 3%s 85 |Nor & W con to.. 07%
- . - • ¦ ' ¦
The Poultry market continued quiet and
weak except for'good young stock, which form
ed but a very small percentage of the supplies.
Yesterday's receipts were only. 36 coops, but
the market was overloaded with undesirable
lots of o'd stock, -. which was hard to sell, al
though offered at libe: aI concessions. No West
ern came In and it is ! not likely that there
will be any more marketed this week. The
quotations for game are omitted, as nearly
all of the receipts came to band in very bad
condition. ¦ '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15c per lb;
Geese, per pair. $1 5C<52; Goslings. $2 5w^:i 60:
Ducks. S5©5 50 per dozen for old and $5 50«r
6 50 for young; Hens, $5 50@U 50 for large and
54 50g5 for small; young Roosters. - $7 5U'.«
8 50: ' old Roosters, $4 5C@5; Fryers, $6<g7;
Broilers. $3 5CQ.4 50 for large and $2@3 for
sm.ill: Piston*. $1 25$fl 50 per dozen for old
and $1 7502 for Squabs. V
GAME: — Arrived in bad condition and could
not- be sold.
Poultry and Game.
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO, May 12. — CATTLE— Receipts,
5500. Steady. Good to pf Ime steers, $5 10®
5 C5; poor to medium, $4 lC<f5: sttakers anj
feeder*. $1@4 40; cows,, ?1 5C@4 35: heifers,
$2 25@4 60: canners Jl 6(Xff2 60; bulls. $2@4;
calves. $2 50^5 00; Texas :cd steers. $4 5005.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 20,00): to-morrow.
18.000. Steady. Mixed and butchers'. $4 60©
4 80: gcod to choice heavy, $4 70®4 85; rough
heavy, $4 R0«T4 70; light. $4 60@4-70; bulk of
sales-. . $4 05(^4 75. . ' .....
SHEEP— Receipts.. 10,000. Sheep and Lambs
strong. Good to choice 'wethers, $4 60@5 50;
fair to choice, mixed, $3 75@4 60; Western
sheep, $4 5O<55 50; native lambs, clipped. $4 50
(36 05, Western .lambs, clipped,' $4 75(g'6 10;
Western lambe, wooled, | $6 SOift'6 90.
CHICAGO
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. May 12. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter mnrket was steady;
creameries. l.W18%e; dairies. 13@17c. Eirgs,
steady; at mark, cases Included, 15V«@15%c.
Cheese, easy; 8%<g9%c. \ -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%<9
7?ic per lb; White Lead. 7U@7?4c, according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes a« follows. p«r lb. In 10O-lb bags;
Cubes A Cru*htd and Fine Crushed, 5.85c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.60c: Dry Granu
lated, coarse. 5.60c: Fruit Granulated. 3.60c;
U-et Granulated (100-lb bags unly). 6.50c:
ConfecUoners' A. S.COc; Magnolia A. 5.20c;
Extra C. 5.10c: Golden C. 5.00c; "D."
4.90c: barrels. lCc more: half barrels. 25c
more- boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more
for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels. «.10c;
boxes. 6.35c; H. & E. Crystal Dorrllnos. S.60c
per lb. No orders taken for less than seventy
flv» barrels, or Its equivalent.
CANNED SALMON— The market rules quiet
and fifm. The London Grocers" Gazette says
the consumptive demand for salmon continues
cooil. There is a firmer feeling exhibited in
Liverpool, with particular Inquiry for best
tails and best flats, especially the latter.
Stocks of the finest grades of salmon are
rapidly narrowing into small compass, and
there is every prospect of a famine In these
goods Jr n few months* time.
CRACKERS — The war In the Northwest it
getting pronounced and the combine has re
duced prices from %c to 2c per pound. The
Inland Cracker Company of < Spokane has in
vpded the field and the Western Bakins Com
pany of Portland is expected to follow shortly.
SHINGLES — After a close dow^ of two
weeks the shingle mills of the State of Wash
ington, over S5 per cent of which Joined in
the agreement, resumed operations on Monday.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, S3: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $8; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond,
$7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
W<-lsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 -per ton: Coke. $11 50@13
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
per long ten. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' A A, $1.1001 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
an.1 4.Jc for raw: China Nut. 60<970c per gallon;
Cocijanut Oil In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. fiSc; natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra
bkachtd winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whale
Oil, ESe; extra winter strained Lard OH. 75c;
No. 1 Lard OH. 65c; pure Neatsfoot OH. 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil,
42c; dark Herring Oil, 40c; Salmon OH. 34c:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil, 31e.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20%c; Astral. 20%c:
Star, £0%c; Extra Star, 24%c; Elaine. 26%c;
Eocene. 23»4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c; In cases. 22%c; Benzine. In bulk.
I.ij; In cases. 19 %c: S6-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags, i%e spot and 5%c June-
July; San Quentln. $5 40; Wool Bags. 32335c;
Fleece Twine, 7QSe.
General Merchandise.
Very heavy Gold shipments from New York to Europe.
Sihcr }4c lozecr. Exchange rates undisturbed.
Shipment of $150,000 in Mexican Dollars to Kobe.
Wall-street Stocks lower, with Steel common at $9 12^.
Scat 011 the Stock and Bond Exchange brings $12,000.
. Local Securities continue inactive*
WJisat and Barley futures and cash Barley lower.
Oats, Com and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay weak, zvith first car of new crop on the market.
Bran and Middlings firm under continued slender stocks.
Additional narrow fluctuation* in Beans.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still in heavy supply and weak.
PrffZ-isions continue to drag in all markets.
Hogs still lower and other Stock zvcak.
Canned Salmon firm here and abroad.
Cracker war getting fierce up north.
Sort hern Shingle '.mills start running again.
Potato market overloaded with old stock. Onions still lowqjr.
Poultry market generally quiet and weak. Game arriving tainted.
-. Straziberries and Cherries lower. Fine Oranges firmer.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Money — |U S St»el „.- 9
Call loans 2$?3%i Do pfd 51%
Time loans 3@4%jWe!«t'houi<e Com.. 78
Bonds— I Mining—
Atehtson adj 4s;. 91%; Adventure 1%
Do 4S 100\|Allouei ; SA%
Mexican Cen 4s.. 64\ I Amalgamated .... 49
Railroads— Amer fclnc ,. 9%
Atchlson 6S»4 Atlantic 7%
Do pfd......... 92 tfingham , 21%
Boston & Albany. 244 |Calumet & Hecla.465
Boston & Maine.. 16<5% I Centennial 19%
Boston Elevated. .140 lOopper Range....: 42 •
Fltchburg pfd 138 I Daly West 22
Mexican Central.. f>% [Dominion Coal.... 65
N Y. NH & H..187%|Franklln 7%
Pere Marquette.. 7S%IGrancy 3%
Union Pacific 83 |J*le Royale 7
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .. ,3J4
Am ArgsChem... 14%|Mleh!gan 4
Do pfd 72% I Mohawk 40
Amer Pneu Tube. 14% I Mont Coal & Coke 4
Amer Sugar 127 (Old Dominion 12%
Do pfd 126\4iOBceola 50
Am Tel & Tel.. .12t?U! Parrot 23
Amer Woolen..-.. lO'^JQulncy 80
Do pfd 74 Shannon 7%
Dominion I & 6.. 11 -JTamarack 94%
Ed Elec Ilium. .235 Trinity 3%
General Electric. .154 (tj S Mining: Y. 20
Mass Electric 1S%UT S Oil... fiVi
¦¦ Do pfd 70 "Utah ..'........... 33'i
M«»« Gas 3S%|V!ctorla ;... .1
United Fruit. 103%!Winona 6
Un Shop Mach... 50 jWolverlne 71
Do pfd 29 I'
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief 05
Alice 25| Ontario 3 50
Breece lOiOphlr 4 80
Brunswick Con.... 05 j Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel. . iy|Potosi 14.
Con Cal &. Va....l COiSavage 34
Horn Silver 1 35iaierra Nevada 40
Iron Silver 1 00; Small Hopes 15
Leadville Con 02|Standard ..2 00
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Central cf Ga 6s.l06%IOSL 4s and partic 94%
Do 1st lnc 75%[Penn conv 3%«.. 05
Ch*e & Ohio 4Hs.lO3%|R«adlng gen 4s... 90
Chi & Alton 3%s. 88 StL & IM con 5s. 114
C. B & Q new 4s. 04%|StL & SF fg 4s.. 82',i
C.M&StP gen 48.109 |St L SW lets 95
C & N W con 7s. 12»V« | Seaboard A L 4s.. 70
C,RI & P RR 4s. €9% Southern Pao 4s.. 02 U
Do cole 5s SO Southern Ry 5S..115S4
CCC & SL gen 4.sl01 Tex & Pac Ists..ll8%
Chi Terminal 4s. 79%' T St L & W 4s. 70
Corf Tobacco 4s.. C9V* Union Pacific 4s.. 105
Colo & South 4s.. 84 Do conv 4* 87%
C F & I conv 5s. 71% U S Steel 2d 5s.. 71%
Den & Rio G 4s.. 98?4 Wabash lsts 115
Erie prior lien 4s: 88% Do deb B 69t#
Do gen 4s 86«i Wheel & L E 4s. *9Vi
FtW & DC Ists..lu7% Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90Vi
Hocking Val 4%s.lO7%
CHICAGO, May 12. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour waa steady: No. 2 spring
wheat. 60@95c: NO. 3. 85®94c: -No. 2 red,
$1 04«?l 06; No 2 corn. 49%@50c: No. 2 yel
low, 52',<iS53c: No. 2 oats. 41%®42%c; No. 3
white. 42igr44%c: No. 2 rye. 72c; good feeding
barley 35038c;- fair to choice malting. 45@5flc;
No. Tflaxseed. $1 01%; No. 1 Northwestern,
$109V*: prime timothy seed, $3; mess pork.
per bbl, ?11 10©ll 12%; lard, per 100 lbs,
$0 32%Q6 35; snort ribs sides (loose), $6 10@
6 20- short clear sides (boxed). <$G 25@6 50;
whisky, basis of high wines. $1 28; clover;
contract erafie. $10 76. /
Articles — Receipts.. Shipments.
Flour bbls '. • ¦ 10.700 . • 23,100
Wheat, bu ¦•• 20,000 33,100
Corn bu ....." ••• 84,600 146.700
Oats" bu 101,500 86.100
Rye' bu r. 2,000 4.000
Barley bu 31,900 - 4,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, lees 50
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, »%&S%c; Cows and Heif
ers, C%*&7c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4g4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%©4c; Ewes, 3®3Uc
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS- — $2 50®2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live- Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 5%c;
over 200 lbs, 5%c: soft Hogs, 4^4%c;
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent oft from above quota
tions.
DRESSED MEATS.
/Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF— 7<87%C for Steers- and 5%Q6%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%®8c; small, 8%69c per
Wethers." 7%©8c; Ewes, 6%§7%c
per lb.
LAMB— 8%ff9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%©9e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. . \-«y3
; Soft Hogs are quoted still lower and neg
lected, and even the hard grain-fed are- weak.
All other Meats continue to show an unsteady
tone, with . a tendency toward still lower
prices. Receipts are more thafc ample.
Meat Market.
September . . ... ', 31 % > 31 % > 30%\, 31 '
Mess Pork. i>er bbl— ¦ . Nit"
July Jll 301 11 37*i 11 20 11 2* ¦
September .....11 50) 11 57% 11 42% 11 47%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July « 50 0 62% 6 42% 8 45
September 6 65 6 77% 6 57% 6 60
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 6 40 6 45 6 37% 6 37%
September 6 57% 6 60 6 62%' 6 62%;
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1 35
@1 50 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 40@l 60
pvr ctl; River Reds.^£l®l 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed. $1 25® 1 35 per ctl;
new Potatoes 1%@2%c per lb.
ONIONS— Australian Yellow. \$4 50@5 per
ctl; new Red, $1 40@l CO per sack; new Green,
40<S5Oc per box. ,
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 4@6%c per lb:
Rhubarb 25@40c for bay land 50®B5c per box
for San Jose; Green Peas, 85c@$l 25; Garden
Peas 2@2%c per lb; String Beans, 5@7c per lb;
Wax' Beans, ti©8e per lb;. Tomatoes, 4l 50*3
J*7S r>er, box or crate for Los Angelas and
$1 50@2 25 for Mexicans; Summer Squash. $1©
1'25 per box; Cabbage, '$1 50 per ctl; Carrots,
50c per sack: Hothouse Cucumbers. !iOe<Jl$l V5
per dozen; Garlic, nominal; Egg Plant, 10c
per lb; Dried Peppers, fc@10c! .or. sun-dried
and 12%©13e per lb for evaporated: Dried
Okra 12%@15c per lb; Green Peppers, 6@10c
per lb for Los Angeles and 12U@15c for Mexi
can; Marrowfat Squash. Jobbing at 1%®2c per
pound.. . „ »
The Potato market Is overloaded with old
Potatoes and is decidedly weak. The daily re
ceipts of Oregon Burbanks are heavy, and
poor stock, which constitutes the bulk of these
receipts. Is steadily accumulating. New Pota
toes are coming forward freely and Jobbers
are purchasing sparingly of old stock. Re
ceipts of new Red Onions were 636 sacks and
prices had a further decline. $1 50 being the
ruling price' on the wharves. Australian yel
low were firmly held.
Nearly all descriptions of miscellaneous vege
tables were in free supply and prices had but
slight variation. 'Asparagus was held steady
by liberal purchasing for canning account at
4%@5e per pound. Some very poor lots of
green Asparagus sold down to $1 per box. The
canners were also In the market for Peas and
were cleaning up surplus stock at 85c per
sack. Los Angeles vegetables arrived freely,
but prices were well maintained under a good
demand for shipment to Portland. .
Receipts of vegetables Included 1457 boxes
of Asparagus. 514 boxes of Rhubarb and 1050
sacks of Peas.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
3 10; large White. $2 5O®2 63: Pink, S3 450
Z 65; Red. $4 50@4 75; Lima, $3 25@3 30; Red
Kidneys. $4 50@4 75; Blackeye, (1 9002 10 per
ctl; Horee Beans, $2#2 50. ' •'
8EEDS — Brown Mustard. $4@4 25; /Yellow
Mustard. $303 25; Flax, $1 S0@l 90; Canary.
5%®5 : J4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%@16c: Rape,
l%@2c: Timothy, 0@6%c; Hemp. 3%®4c per
lb: Millet. 3@3 Hd Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per ctl ; Nlles,
% 25; Green Peas. $3@3 25.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY : 13/ 1904,
NEW YORK. May 12- — There was a further
expansion In the volume of dealing* In the
'stock market to-<lay, due to the increased pr*s-
Ftrr* to sell ttocks. th* weakness being- more
Slirtrfbuted than was the case yesterday. Much
Influence upon (wntiment was produced by the
imposing dimensions of the cold movement.
The May shipment* and engagements for Sat
urday aesresate more than . $25,000,000. Tb«
lar**>Ft amount of cold ever before exported, in
m. full month from New Tnrk was in May,
VSH, when f27.4O.000 went out The tus-
Nczv York Stock Market.
A warrant was secured from Pol'ce
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest
of Earl E. Waterman, a house
mover, living at Twenty-first avenue
and J street, South San Francisco, on
a charge of threats against life. The
complaining witness is his wife, who
alleges that on Wednesday night he
drove her and her children out of the
house and threatened to kill them.
She said he had done It befor* and
she was afraid.
Threatens His Wife.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %tfnc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 9»*c: medium. 8%c; light. 8c: Cow
Hides.' 8c for heavy and - 8c for light ; Stags,
flc; Salted Kip, Oc: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf lie: dry Hides. lCc; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf, l^c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@3Cc each;
short Wool. 40@t>5e each: medium. 70®9Oc: long
Wool $1@1 50: Horse Hides, salt. 12 75 for
large and $2©2 50 for medium. $1 25©1 75 for
small and . 50c for Colts. . Horse Hides dry.
$1 75 for- large and $1 50 for medium. $l@l 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 30c: dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30#32%c. Goat . Skins—
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium S5c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No.- 1 rendered. :4UG4%c p er lb;
No 2. 3%©4e: grease, 2%©3c. -..
WOOL — Spring clip — San Joaquln and South,
ern • 12 months'. 0©llc; do 7 months'. S@10c
per" lb; Middle Counties.. 12©16c for free and
11©14«: for defective: Northern. 16@17c for free
and 13® 15c for defective; Nevada. 12@15c ac
cording, to -condition. . -.'..•
-. HOPS— 24«i27c per lb for California 1803.
and' 17^6200 for crop of 1004.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
NOTICE.
By Ytrtne of an ordtr Issued out of the Su-
perior Court of the City and County of Baa
Francisco, State of California, on the 7th day
of May. 1904, notice Is hereby given, that w»
will sell at public auction to the highest bid-
der for cash, subject to confirmation by ta»
court, payable 10 per cent of the purchase
price on the fait cf the hammer, and th*
balance upon confirmation of said sale by th«
court, on Wednesday, the 18th day of May.
1904. at 2 o'clock p. m.. In front of the Mer-
chants' Exchance. situate at the corner of
Sansome and Sacramento streets in th» City
and County of San Francisco. Stat» of Cali-
fornia, the steamers Napa City and St.
Helena, their engines, boilers. machinery,
boats, tackle, apparel appurtenances and fur-
niture with the warehouse belonging to H. O-
Bell. J. M. Graham. A. Halt Jr. and Gustav*
H. Munk. situate In Napa Ctty. California.
. The said steamers are (tern whe*l steamers
and of 178.S7 aa<i 344.98 ton* register resj>««t-
; ively. EDWARD S. SPEAR Sc. CO.. Auc-
tioneers. . '> i.
fe fe
Horsemen, Attention !
25 FINE DRIVING and WORK HORSES
will be on sale TO-DAY and TO-MORROW
at OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. 24«
THIRD ST.
&* Auction Sale.
Property belonging to estate of G. GR1S-
WOLD, deceased, consisting of his BUSINESS
at 2123 MISSION ST.. between 17th and ISth —
HARNESS. WHIPS ROBES. SADDI ES and
HARNESS TOOLS; also FIVE GOOD HORSES.
ON/; FINE LIGHT POLE CART. ONE SCIi-
REY and several other articles too numerous
to mention. ' Sals at 11 o'clock SATURDAY.
May 14. lbO4.Californians in New York.
Gregorlus Chutak, a Russian priest
of Odessa, arrived at the Palace yes
terday on his way to the State of
"Washington, where he has been as
signed to church duty.
tired, was among: the arrivals from
the Orient yesterday. He served In the
navy of Slam for four years and Is now
returning: to his family In England.
Dr. John Gallagher left this city last
Wednesday night for a two months'
trip to New York. He will stop over
at the St. Louis Fair on his way home.
Earl B. Shaw, son of the Secretary
of the Treasury, who has been visiting
the Orient, returned on yesterday's
steamer and departed on the evening
train for the East.
F. H. GUnian. Pacific Coast repre
sentative of the American Lumberman
is at the Palace.
R.B. Burns, chief engineer of the
Western system of the Santa Fe. Is up
from Los Angeles and la at the Palace.
Lieutenant Goalsby, U. S. A., who is
on his way to, the Philippines, arrived
from the. East yesterday and Is at tho
Occidental.
Captain A. Ftck, commander In the
royal Slam navy, who recently re-
Dr. David Powell of Marysvllle Is at
the St. Francis.
C. H. Starkey of the Stockton Record
Is at the Palace. • .
Fred G. Walte. an attorney of Manila,
is at the Occidental.
George W. Root, a mining man of
Grass Valley. Is at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Robertson of Llv
ermore are at the California.
C. M. Oddle, a well-known mining
man of Tonopah, Is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. L. F. S tend man of Ho
boken, N. J., are registered at the Pal
ace. ,
PERSOXAIj.
Now, these are the little maids from
school who are going to bring you with
them into the Garden of Arden and tell
you anew the sweet story of Rosalind
—at fifty ce.nts per ticket And remem
ber, the proceeds over expenses goes to
the library for the blind.
Here's a clever thing— and a kindly
thing — for a bonny bunch of high
school girls to do! There is, as every
one knows, a library In this city for
the blind, they whose eyes lie in their
finger tips. Now, that library — made
possible by Mrs. Josephine Morris de
Greayer and other kindly people-^needs
more point books, and needs them bad
ly. That's the only way our blind
brethren can know the written
thoughts of their fellows, and how
they crave that bit of knowledge gain
ed so painstakingly! But more books
cost money! I mentioned the matter
to a few healthy, happy, hearty high
school girls— and the riddle waa soon
solved. "We'll give a performance of
the play we're studying," said they,
all In a chorus; "we'll give 'As You
Like It' and Paul • Gersoif shall train
us— if he will." Well, Mr. Gerson was
promptly persuaded and the drill has
been gcrlnrr on quietly but diligently for
two months; the maids go through
their paces In admirable style — in as
tonishing style^ — unless you have Ellen
Terry in your mind.
The final performance will take
place on May 20. at 8:15 p. m.. Native
Sons' Hall— tickets, 50 cents. And
herewith it might be worth noting
that Christopher Buckley has taken 250
tickets. Many other prominent folk as
sisting in encouraging fashion.
The maids have declined to wear
tights, but look awfully fetching in
their little knickerbockers.
Herewith is a cast of the characters:
Rosalind .•• Maud Gray
Orlando Henrietta Tucker
Banished Duke Gertrude Roxburgh
Oliver Alma Lubbtn
Cella '. Helen Parrott
Touchstone Merrit Madd?m
Audrey Miss Carty
La Beau Pauline Lunstrom
Amiens Belle McMasters
Sylvius.'.' Miss Cremln*
Jaquea Ml»« Randall
Fhoebe Pearl Puffleld
The decorations, exquisite in detail,
were designed by Mrs. H. L. Seager,
chairman of the committee.
Miss Jennie Partridge served as
toastmistress in right clever fashion,
assigning to the following ladies the
pleasant tasks of replying to the toasts,
"Social Ethi"s," Mrs. William A. Rut
hauff; "Anecdotes," Mrs. W. H. Dal
ton: "Home-made Hash," Miss Hettie
Corlett; "The Strenuous Life," Dr.
Crete Crockett; "Man's Inconsisten
cies," Mrs. Clive A. Brown? "Up-to
date Heroes," Mrs. George Fredericks;
"The Point of View," Mrs. A. L, So
bey; "The Problem of the Future,"
Mrs. M. B. McKay; "Literary Wit."
Miss Laura Collins; "Woman In Poli
tics," Mrs. B. R. Keith; "Positivism."
Mrs. Robert Wallace, the Incoming
president. One hundred and fifty
guests were entertained at seven dain
ty tables.
Some exquisite music was rendered
by the Ccrona octet during the feast of
wit and wisdom, which contributed
greatly to the pleasure of the passing
hours.
The Corona Club held its annual
breakfast yesterday In the clubrooms
in the Mission Masonic Hall, Mrs. E.
G. Dennlston presiding.
The luncheon was distinctly a smart
affair, the decorations, the toasts and
the gowns distinguishing the function
as the most important event of the
week In clubdom.
By Sally Sharp.
CORONA CLUB
BREAKFASTS AT
MASONIC HALL
.WASHINGTON, May 12.— Secretary Taft
to-day left here for a vacation of ten' days In
the Adirondack^. ,
. The last of the series of the star
course entertainments given , by -the
Young Men's Christian Association
will take , place this evening. Miss
Clara Morris was. to .have , ap
peared, but a long and serious illness
has prevented her coming to the coast.
The De Koven Club of Berkeley has
been secured to appear in Miss.Mor
ris* place. ¦ : '
last Entertainment of Series."
Judge Coffey made an order yester
day denying the application of' E.
Algeltinger and D. B. Faktor for a re
vocation of thr order admitting the
will of John Wolf to probate. He held
that the petitioners did not present
sufficient evidence to support their
claim that Wolf is alive. Wolf was
formerly a member of the liquor firm
of Wolf, Wreden & Co., In 1889 he
disappeared and it was charged that
he had misused the funds of an estate
placed in his care. Several years
after his disappearance Mary Wolf,
his wif 5,^offered hiswill for probate,
claiming that she had proof that Wolf
had been drowned at Seattle. The will
was admitted and the estate of Wolf
was taking the usual course of estates
when Aigeltinger and Faktor came
Into court, asserting that, they had
ample proof that only a year, ago
Wolf had been seen on the streets of
Seattle and in Nome.
Judge Ooffey Considers That lie Has
Xo Proof That Merchant Is
Alive.
COURT WTLIv NOT REVOKE
PROBATE OF WOLF'S WILL
A number of the smaller shippers
along the river have been In this city
lately conferring with the Santa Fe
officials, and have admitted that their
visit was in connection with the plans
as mentioned above, which are being
carried out under the direction of Man
ager Leeds of the Santa Fe refrigerator
car department Leeds has lately made
several trips to points along the river,
and it Is said that he will In a few
days formally put into execution hi3
scheme for combating the Southern Pa
cific. The Santa Fe purposes to operate
three steamers on the Sacramento, at
the start, and it is claimed that the
company has secured a light draught
boat that will navigate a number of
miles above Sacramento. These boats
will travel from place to place at the
beck and call of shippers, gathering
freight and taking It to Antioch or to
this city and Richmond. The / flfht
threatens to become a warm one and
will be watched by all railroad men
concerned in the handling of the North
ern California fruit crop.
The Southern Pacific Company has
announced that it will furnish a service
to Chicago this year within 168 hours,
and the Santa Fe has responded that It
Is prepared to guarantee a similar
schedule. . ,
pany claim that a rebate system Is the
means by which the refrigerator car
service keeps a firm grip on the bulk
of the business in Northern California,
and the Santa Fe purposes to a'dopt a
similar system to encourage the move
ment of fruit over Its line. In this way,
it is claimed, the small shippers along
the river will Increase their business,
and once on a footing with the larger
concerns, which have practically dom
inated in the distributors' association,
they will be able to force the latter to
fully recognize the Santa Fe.
FIGHT IS EXPECTED.
To crush a ha'.f-ineh cube of granite
requires a weight of eleven tons.
Robert McKay, a cripple, 17 years
of age, who pleaded guilty before
Judge Dunne to a charge of robbery,
was ordered sent to the Whittier Re
form School and sentence was sus
pended. On the night of March 1 he
and another boy snatched $4 from the
hand of Dennis Haley of 349 Minna
street, on Third street, near Market.
Sends Youth to Whittier.
Fuchs annulled, claiming that at the
time it was performed she was the
wife of another man from whom she
had never been divorced. She proved
this in court April 8 last, and five min
utes after the marriage was annulled
Fuchs took out a marriage license and
wedded his stepdaughter. Judge Ker
rigan performed the ceremony. He
also officiated in the, annulment pro
ceedings. .
Now Huso ' and Selma are In court
again and the law will be appealed to
for a severance of the Fuchs' matri
monial knot. Yesterday Hugo Fuchs
filed a suit for divorce against his wife
and stepdaughter on the ground of In
fidelity, alleging that on May 1, Just
a few weeks after she became his wife
she misconducted herself with one Wil
liam Spanuth.
Emma J. West, who is suing Joseph
West for divorce on the ground of
cruelty, yesterday answered his cross
complaint, in which she is accused of
misconducting herself with John F.
Nellson, a Mlddleton, Lake County,
gallant, by making a general denial of
his charge. She says West brought the
charge against her merely to cause her
humiliation and to disgrace her, and
she wants It to be considered by the
court as but an act of cruelty on his
part. .
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Fannie E. Lockwood from George T.
Lockwood for neglect, Minnie A. Rich
ardson from Frederick T. Richardson
for desertion. Sarah E. Madden from
John E. Madden for neglect, P. J. Wal
lace from Lulu Wallace for desertion,
Josie Goldman from Louis Goldman for
cruelty. Elizabeth Helpe . from Adolf
Helpe for neglect. Belle Crawshaw
from George Crawshaw for intemper
ance, and Harry M. Saunders from
Eleanor Saunders for infidelity, the
name of the co-respondent being M.
Kemper. SaunJers is a prominent
labor leader being a member of the
Building Trades Council.
Suits for divorce were filed by Anna
Hennessy against W. H. Hennessy for
neglect. Emily A. Haywood against
Frederick Haywood for desertion, and
Philip Schneider against Bessie Schnei
der for desertion.
Dr. J. A. Noble, who was married to
Elizabeth Noble at Santa Clara in Sep
tember, 1889. has filed suit for the an
nulment of his marriage. He says that
when the marriage was performed
Mrs. Noble was insane and that in
January, 1901, she was committed to
Agnew.
Hugo Fuchs and Selma' Fuchs lived
happily together when they were not
bound by matrimonial ties. They were
happy even though two children were
born to them, and they were happy
even in the-face of the fact that Fuchs
was his consort's stepfather, and that
her mother, who had been married to
Fuchs some years ago, when her
daughter was a mere child, lived in
the same house with them. Then for
the sake of the children Mrs., Fucha
filed a suit to have her marriage to
Everett Abbott, the absconding treas
urer of the American Marine Transpor
tation Company of Boston, Mass., was
arrested at Market and Powell streets
yesterday by Detectives Gibson and
Bunner and locked up In "the tanks"
at the City Prison. The Boston au
thorities were notified and a reply
was received that an officer would bo
sent on at once with the necessary
papers for Abbott's extradition.
Abbott absconded on March 15 last
and an examination of his books, It 1m
alleged, showed a deficiency of $5852.
The American Surety Company of New
York had given bonds for Abbott to
the Transportation Company and the
surety company issued circulars con
taining a photograph of Abbott and a
full description and asking for his ar
rest. In the circular it was stated that
Abbott was fond of playing billiards
and pool and also j playing the races
and speculating in stocks.
It was his fondness for billiards and
pool that led to his arrest. The police
became aware of the fact that a man
answering his descriptidn had been for
.the last two or three days visiting bil
llard-robms at Powell and Eddy streets.
When the detectives went there yes
terday Abbott had Just left the placo
and they caught him at . Market and
Powell streets. He did not deny his
Identity and said he would be willing
to go back without the necessity of
extradition proceedings. He said he
was not the man responsible for the
defalcations and was not afraid of the
consequences. After leaving Boston he
went to Mexico and arrived in this
city a few days ago.. He is 28 years
of age and of. gentlemanly appearance.
Numerous other messages of a hu
morous character were read from
prominent State and National officials.
Each created much laughter.
One of the brightest speeches of the
evening was delivered by Judge Mogan,
who responded to the toast "The La
dles." He was applauded again and'
again.
Among the other speakers who made
happy hits were Thomas F. Boyle,
School Director; Alfred Roncovierl,
president of the Board of Education;
George B. Keane, secretary to the
Mayor, and Dr. Joseph F. Pohelm of
the- Board of Health. Altogether there
were more than 300 present at the ban
quet.
Judge Cabanlss: If you will let me out on
my O. R., I will be pleased to Join you to
night at the festivities.
GARIBALDI FLYNN. .
ADDRESSES BY OTHERS.
Hon. Bob Wall, • President of i Newsboys*
Union of San Francisco: As this banquet
will probably bust the treasury I decline to
participate, but thank you Just the same. -
TOMMY RIDGE, Treasurer.
Newsboys' Union of San Francisco: Feelfhg:
that you elected me and Mayor Schmitz and
Judge Cabaniss I would certainly have
been present at your banquet to-night If I
had known about it or been asked.
v O. C. PAUDEE, Governor.
Kins Leo de Bernardi: I yield homage to
your most royal nibs and regret that I can
not be with you. as I was not invited.
. * . Ti ROOSEVELT.
Mayor Schmitz's address was the
gem of the evening. He told how thirty
years ago he fought for a corner on
Pine and Montgomery streets from
which to sell papers. Then he saw
many famous men, many of whom
have since passed away, and he won
dered then if there would ever come a
time when he, too,' might be known
outside of his narrow sphere as a news
boy and have an opportunity to extend
to the struggling urchins the kindness
and encouragement he had received
from those noted customers. The time
had come, he said, when in his official
capacity as Mayor s ot a great city he
was enabled to tell the newsboys that
In everything they did rightly he would
stand by them, and that their delin
quencies, due to youth and exuberance,
would always be considered from his
standpoint with leniency.
Among the funny stunts introduced
during the speeches by Toastmaster
Ruef were the following supposititious
telegrams:
SCHMITZ'S GREAT SPEECH.
NEWSBOYS ARE IIAPPY.
Dougherty and Bernardi were indus
triously happy' In caring for their
guests. The banquet was spread in
the main dining hall of the restaurant
and a view of the room showed many
incongruities from a society standpoint.
Famous men in literature were chaffing
with equally famous newspaper ven
dors. High public officials chatted over
the- striped bass, with boys from whom
they bought papers. Toasts were passed
between the sometime delinquents in
the courts and the police judges. Abe
Ruef presided as toastmaster. Mayor
Schmitz sat at the head of the table.
Altogether it was . one of the most
democratic and enjoyable events that
has ever been witnessed in any city.
Ruef was an ideal toastmaster, witty
and opportune in every Instance, and
with the saving grace of not laughing
at his own jokes. One of the best he
passed out happened while he was in
troducing Police Judge Cabanlss. He
said he was about to present a man
who could deliver a long sentence in
two words. Cabaniss made an extreme
ly happy address in response 'and had
the newsboys on their feet before he
finished.
• Official dignity was chaff in the wind
lust night at the complimentary ban
quet tendered by the newsboys of San
Francisco to Mayor Schmitz. The ban
quet was given at Jules' restaurant'on
Pine street. The Mayor made the best
speech of his life and then he sang the
chorus of "My Own United States."
Guests and hosts r^se to their feet at
the beginning of the strain and re
mained standing until he had finished.
It was the second time the Mayor ever
sang In public and his effort was for
the pleasure of the boys who peddle
the daily papers. He developed a
splendid barytone voice and every one
present was fairly carried off his feet
by the melody.
There were other picturesque features
of the banquet. Nearly every prom
inent municipal officer of San Francisco
was present, flanked on every side by
newsboys. For the most part the offi
cials 4 were the speakers. "Happy"
Dougherty, who finally owned to the
fact that his initials were "J. H.," and
Leon de Bernardi, "king of the news
boys," as he is called, were the only
members of the newsboys' union who
took the floor, except one kid named
Hogan. Early In the evening he sang
a sons entitled "Please Save Mother's
Shoestrings From the Sale." When he
reached the emotional part his pipes
got clogged and he begged the ban
queters. to excuse him. They insisted
on him proceeding and he 'finished ' in
fine style.
Disappears From "The Hub"
% on March 15 and His Books
Show Shortage of $5852
Court Is Once Again Asked
to Come to the Aid of a
Queerly Mixed-Up Family
To further this scheme it is said that
the Santa Fe refrigerator car service is
prepared, if necessary, to make special
concessions to these shippers in order
to stimulate business. The Inducement
offered is said to be in the nature of a
rebate on icing charges in addition to
an assurance of Quick service to Chi-
C *fh"ose who pretend to be thoroughly
acquainted with the relations between
the big shippers and the Armour Com-
KEHATES OX ICING.
The hand of the Santa Fe 1b begin
ning to show Itself In the plan of the
company to Invade the deciduous fruit
territory of Northern California In com
petition with the Southern Pacific.
When the latter several days ago an
nounced that It had severed relations
with Its rival In so far as a division of
fruit traffic was concerned the news
was accepted b'y the majority of the
lecal railroad representatives as the
signal for the withdrawal of the Santa
Ffc's plans for operating steamers on
the Sacramento River and handling the
fruit by way of Antioch over Its own
line into the markets of Chicago. It
has since developed that the Santa Fe
Is at work in the Sacramento River
district on an entirely new plan, which
Involves the establishing of shipping
agents at every important point along
the river, with a view of not only
handling through freight, but every
kind of commodity that its boats can
transfer to Antioch, or even bring di
rect to this city.
It Is charged by the Santa Fe people
that the majority of shippers in the
Sacramento River district have become
so closely allied with the Southern Pa
cific Company and the Armour Refrig
erating Car Company that they cannot
well afford to give the Santa Fe a
share of their business. Accepting this
as the correct situation, the agents of
the Santa Fe are now engra-ged in nego
tiations with many of the smaller ship
pers, who have heretofore cut little fig
ure In the fruit traffic, with a view of
havinp them enter into an alliance
with their road.
May Cut the Charges for
Icing and Precipitate a
War With Competitors
Speeches Sparkle With Wit,
Schinitz Sings, and Gen
eral Good Humor Prevails
CLAIMS HE IS INNOCENT
HAPPY HITS ARE MADE
TIES BRING HIM MISERY
BACKS SMALL SHIPPERS
Many Prominent Officials
Attend Banquet Tendered
to Executive, of the City
Man Who Married His Step
daughter Six Weeks Ago
Is. Now Seeking a Divorce
Everett Abbott, Wanted in
Boston for Embezzlement,
Is Arrested in This City
Santa Fe Inaugurates New
Scheme for Capturing a
Share of Fruit Business
SEEKS FOOTING
IN THE VALLEY
NEWSBOYS H A VE
NOTED GUESTS
POLICE CAPTURE
ALLEGED THIEF
PEACE LEAVES
FUCHS ' HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; FRIDAY, MAY 13, 1904.
INJURED PAINTER SITES EMPLOYER.—
Cornelius Gunderson. who while at work paint
ing the Palace Hotel last month waa severely
injured by the breaking of the scaffolding on
which he was standing, sued his employer.
John Quadt. yesterday for $10,200 damages.
He says Quadt is responsible for the accident,
haying failed to supply strong scaffolding.
SMALL. SUM FOR MIDDLEMEN.— Judjw
Beaxrell yesterday gave P. H. "Webber Judg
ment for |C 30 In lieu of $506 SO bo elatmetl
he was entitled to for his efforts In effecting
the sale of a saloon at 252 California street.
"Webber brought the suit against Tuttlch &
Watson as assignee of. Kredo & Co.. who had
a contract with the proprietors to sell th«
saloon.
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla Is ttM
best, perfectly pure, highly concentrated. •
NEW YORK, May 12.— The following
Californians have arrived at the ho
tels: San Francisco— G. A. Flelsner at
the Park Avenue. F. G. Gould at the
Murray Hill, J. W. Pettit at the Grand
Union, Dr. Mancus at the Belvidere
and Mrs. J. "W. Owen at the Imperial.
Los Angeles — P. M. Chapman. Mrs.
TV. Chapman and Mrs. G. F. Miles at
the St. Denis and A. C. Kennedy at the
Herald Square.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS* j
\ttBdf \K3 B 8 *W la Bel Vbi
20c TABLE FRUITS— 2 Cans 23c. ~
SXTOAB COEH 3 cans 2oC
Where else can you do so well? Usually 1-Hc
10c TOMATOES— 5 Cans Friday 38c.
GROUND CHOCOLATE eaa 24c
V«nard*3 best. Full pound stze.
15c BOTTLES QUEEN OLIVES 10c.
KEBJEAH TBEaCE SABDXOTBS
3 tor 25c
In wire Olive OU. Dozen, 85c.
25c size HIRE'S ROOT BEER EXTRACT. ISc.
DEVILED KAit, I.ibTay'B Be«t 6 tta« 25c
Ready for sandwich or lunch.
VAN CAMP'S BEANS— 3 Cans 23c. T
Fresh Butter &£ 30c
Now Is the time to pack butter for winter.
Price will advance.
WALNUT CREAMS or FIQ BARS. Ib. 15cl
OLD QOTESinUiaT WKXSX2T
Best Whisky and best price.. Usually $1.
50 1b. aack BEST ROCK SALT. 28c.
BEST BACOS poTUld 1 5c
Armour's Finest Sugar-cured; boneless.
Usually 20c.
SOc PORT or SHERRT. bot. 35c.
jcoxa corrEE a ib«. 35c
Genuine Hawaiian. Usually 25c 1b.
$1.75 DOMESTIC PORTER— do». 00c.
EUtFANDSi. -wmfE r&llon 43c
Rich, red wine. Usually 65c.
RASPBERRY STRUP. quart bot.. 33cT~""*
Conatry Orders Padced aad SMpp*d Tr«».
1 19 TAYLOR STREET.
1001 FILLMORE ST.
I "VanVroom'* I
fj DENTAL PARLORS ||
1 1 SIXTH and MARKET [j
Q r\ 0 W Outfits, Guna, Ammur.l-
R " «1 Blfa I tion - Ft'htnc «°d OuUn«
I . f 1 III B ¦• Oooda. Tents «nd Gut.* u
||&4|«ll Krnt CATALOG FREE.
unifii fs^s.f. B t. ABBitRco -
* ' ADVERTISEMENTS. ____^___^
THREE EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD
Specials for Friday
and Saturday
Children's Days at Magnin's
t Special Safe of
Small Women's
and Misses' Suits
Same style as illustrated; made
of all-wool English cheviot; fan
kilted skirt jacket, trimmed with
solid color French cloth, silk
braid and brass buttons, and lined
with Skrnner's guaranteed satin;
colorings navy, brown and red;
sizes 14. 16 and 18. $22.50 value —
positively for
Friday and Sat- JKiy fBl
urday only *
f Special Sale of
Children's
umiuiuii u
Russian Dresses
CHILDREN'S RUSSIAN
DRESSES, made of pure linen;
hand-embroidered anchor; color,
natural linen; sizes 2 to 7 years.
See illustration. Regular $2.50
value — special for g _ ' '
Friday and Satur- N^j
day only *r ¦ • VF VF
Children's and Misses' Millinery
CHILDREN'S SAILOR HATS, made of plain and fancy
straws; 50c and upward.
CHILDREN'S FANCY WASH HATS, made in our own,
workrooms, and are copies f;om" imported models; made
of fine lawn and neatly trimmed with lace, embroidery and
ribbons; $1.00, $1.50 and upward.
CHILDREN'S and MISSES' FANCY STRAW HATS; a
-»S; large variety of all shapes; prettily trimmed; $2.50 and up-
ward. ..V^
A complete line of LADIES' GARDZN HATS and
; CHILDREN'S" SUNBONNETS, both machine and hand
made; trimmed with real and imitation laces.
918-922 MARKET STREET
Our new 64-paire Spring and Summer Catalogue will be sent
tree to out-of-town customers.
We are exclusive PaciJle Coast agents for the "ARNOLD"
« goods, formerly sold by Mrs. Ober.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lassTsiEs
Awful Suffering of a Boy
from an Itching
Humour.
CURED BUUTICURA
Not One Square Inch of Skin od
His Whole Bod; Wa?
Unaffected.
" Mj little son, a boy of fire, broke
6ct with an Itching rash. Three doc-
tors prescribed for him, but he kept
getting worM) until tre could not dress
Lira aaj raore. Thej fiuaily adriced
xre to try a certain medical college, bat
Its treatment did not do any good. At
the time I was induced to try CnUenra
l>m^diefl he was so bad that I hail to
cut his hair oS and put the Coticora
OintiueDt on him on bandages, as It wu
impossible to touch him with the bare
liar.d. Thero was not one nqaare Inch
of itkin on hia whole bodr That was not
«JTr-cted. He was one mass of sores.
The bandage* used to stick to his bkin
at:d In rt-moTJng ihom it used to take
tho t>iln off with them, and the screams
froia the poor child were heart-break-
ing. I »H?gan to think that he would
nrvn set vrell, bot after the second
application of Ciiticnra Ointment I
began to see flc'i* <jf improvement,
and with the third and fourth appl.ca-
ti<iis the norefl commenced to dry up.
lii> *fc!n prt-ied off twentr times, but It
flaallv yielded to tie treatment. I used
the Cutfcura Resolvent for hlg blood,
and now I can say that he is entirely
cored, and a stronfrer aad healthier boy
you never saw than he is to-day."
ROBEitT WATTAM.
<9?2 Center Are., Chicago, 111., Dec.
SO. 1687.
No return In six years, Mr. Wattaia
writes, Feb. 2S. 11*03.
" Tonr letter of the 21st In regard to
the case of my little boy at band. I am
truly thankful to 6ay that the cure
cCecied by the Caticara Remedies has
been a most thorough and sneccasful
cure to date."
*nM tfcnmrtx-wi Qw vnrld. CnUevs Hwv'rwot . /Tie.
0a tnm •* < bwMli ChwI TCi*. St. prr «»J of 60),
l!ir:mrev. r*.. !»» Mr frrpM*: Ufldoa. V Ckerter>
ho««**«.i rmrm.l K*a«*L> rmixt Somob. 1ST Uuibn
in fujit Drat *ud Jirei > nrp.. !So.« Prapnswn.
¦V~**ad lor •¦Ilr.w to <-'«r» Inrr lltBMr.'
APVER'nSEMEgTS. .;...
TO THE FIRST TEN WOMEN
Calling at This Store After 8:30 This
Morning This RocKer Will Be Given
ABSOLUTELY TREE!
TO THE g g ; • * AND THE
NEXT 20 3§££L ' REST OF
MEM AND jplSl^ THE
WOMEN ( J|§lii PEOPLE
It will be &S§lb*S*l: fc Are welcome to
given for one- I »*, or to the
half of its orig- I _ : __ 1 = thTec 'S iC u\ S ! !
inal manufac- fef^Sfe %£%*>£
turer s cost, or I r^tyCS cnn= ; par t of the settlor
$1.25. (None %\ pBs r " _j>\Jcp-l just what it costs
but grown peo- y/^ =^- ir^Sl( u --" iig^ us wholesale —
pie will be al- l j? « t . Roc 1 | cc . r '
lowed these \S^ $2.oO; the chair,
iowea tnese X^|A 92.1s: the Sct-
pnvileges.) tec, $4.C5.
We make this offer simply to introduce and create comment
upon our hundred odd summer chairs and rockers, our divans, settees
and couches. We have everything for the summer home, whether jhat
home be a campstool under a tree or a twelve-room cottage by the
"The Credit House," 233-235-337 Post Street.
MARKS BROS.
=S)OUBLE=
VALUE DAY
ALWAYS SOLD FOR $1.50. m 7lZr%,
TO-DAY /Ob
WHITE PETTICOAT, as pictured, made of
good serviceable cambric. • Deep lawn
ruffle, tastily trimmed with two rows
of Torchon Insertion and Hemstitched
Tucks. An extra deep dust ruffle.
ALWAYS SOLD FOR 35c. |Q~
TO-DAY \ IOC
Sizes 4 -to 14 years.
CTRLS' WHITE LAWN APRON, like
picture, neatly trimmed with embroidery,
lace and Insertion. Your choice IQn
to-day *O^
ALWAYS SOLD FOR OO ff A
S5.00. TO-DAY.... x^.OU
We've Just 100 DRESS SKIRTS like illus-
tration to sell to-day. "So come early;
lfH a fair warning." . :'
They're perfect fitting:. Cut in the pre-
vailing full-flare.- Handsomely trimmed
! with tailor-stitched folds. •• ;
[MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1222-1224 Market Street,
¦ APVEE,TISEMEMTB>.-
R Special Sales Ji
Every Week
China
Crockery
' Glassware
Enamel Ware
Household Goods
o Watch Our >
r Stores. jM.
Prices: Talk. ||
It Pays to Trade J
Great American Importing Tea Co's
. Stores m Third
861 Market 210 Grant are. ' 1419 Polk
140. Sixth 18 ID Devisadero 705 Larkin
475Haight 8006 Sixteenth . 355 Hayes
8285 Mission . 521 Montv'y are. 62 Market
2008 Fillmoro 2516 Mission 146 Ninth
866 Third 469 Fourth 2732 24th)