SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MAY 23, 11)04.
.VOLUME XCV— XO. 175.
Torecast made at San Fran
cisco fcr thirty hcuri ending"
inidrisrht, 3Cay S3:
S&n Francesco aad vicinity —
rair Monday, except togry in
the sicrniasr; fresh Ve»t wind.
G. H. wiz.i.sorr.
Local Forecaster.
TEE WEATEEB.
The Weather Barcau will soon be able to
receive wireless messages from vessels at sea at
¦II of Its many marine reporting observation
stations on the Atlantic aad Pacific Coasts
way to equip T*tocH!h Island and North Head.
Messages were received yesterday from the
Lnited HUtes navy's hospital ship Solace
sixty mile* or more off rbon and after the \-es
¦el was out of sight of the Farallones for an
hour and h quarter.
WILL ESTABLISH COLONY
OF NEW YORK HEBREWS
NEW YORK, May 22.— Rev. Dr. L.
Zinsler, president of the Free Loan As
sociation of Manhattan and of the
Utopia Land Company, who bought for
$200,000 a tract of 170 acres between
Flushing and Jamaica, has planned th*?
establishment at that point of a large
colony of east side Jews. There are
2400 building lots in the purchase.. It is
the idea of Dr. Zinsler to solve the so
called easf side problem by giving the
working people of that congested
neighborhood an opportunity of buy
ing lots at a low price, say an average
of $200 each, and help will be given
them to put up moderate priced cot
tages.
. The Free Loan Association has loaned
east side Jews $100,000 at low rates of
interest.
SKIRMISHING NEAR HAICHEN.
Japanese Column Is Not Advancing
Against JIukden From the East.
MUKDEN. May 1 22.— The Japanese
army is : engaged in concentrating'
south of Ogaliaschyang. A ..little
skirmishing' is taking place, about ( a
half hour's march from Haichen, but
it is not likely that the. Japanese can
attempt serious operations against
Liaoyang for several weeks.
The idea that a, Japanese, column
is advancing : from the east against
Mukden is ', exploded now. It is pos-
Russians Reoccupy Siuycn.
FUSAN. Korea, May 22.— From Chi
nese sources It ¦ is" reported jj that '. 2 0 00
Russians have reoccupled ¦ Siuyeri.
Cossacks have been seen near Kaoli
man and thirteen miles west, but none
have been observed on . the main f road
to Liaoyang. The Russians are scout
ing on all sides, but are, disinclined to
fight unless they are ; in far. superior
numbers. The recent ; landing of 'the
Japanese force at Takushan "--'guarv
Burt owns two theaters here and is
the lessee of theaters. at Lima, Youngs
town and Bowling Green. Ohio; Fort
Wayne and Evansville, Ind.; Erie, Pa.,
and Wilmington, Del.
TOLEDO. Ohio. May 22.— Frank Burt.
a theatrical manager, was shot by his
wife last "night. The alleged jealousy
of Mrs. Burt and- domestic difficulties
had led to a separation. Burt was
standing in front of Burt's Theater
when his wife appeared, drew a re
vclver and fired, the bullet entering his
cheek. His sight will be affected, but
his recovery is expected. Mrs. Burt
was arrested. - ¦.>-:-¦>
THEATRICAL MANAGER
SHOT BY HIS WIFE
NEWCHWANG, May 22, midnight.
— -The Russians are; reoccupying this
place with a fair force of artillery and
mounted infantry. The Russians, are
constructing slight entrenchments
south of the town. ;
- Steamships from Chef u report that
they passed quantities of .wreckage,
and it is supposed here that the Rus
sians have been blowing up- the ob
structions at the entrance to Port
Arthur.
Russians Reoccupy the Town and
Construct Entrenchments.
WILL DEFEND NEWCHWANG.
LONDON. May, 23. — The Daily Tele
graph this morning prints the follow
ing, dated May 19, from its corre
spondent at the Japanese headquar
ters, which the dispatch does nottlo
cate:
"There has been no change in the
position here for the past ten days.
Our advanced division is in touch with
the enemy near Maotien Pass, where
the Liaoyang road traverses the de
file. The Russian line 'extends from
Haicheng to the west of Maotien
Pass." :?¦'/¦ '¦; r: ;^.- * .
Japanese Advance Lines Face the Foe
Near Maoticn Pass.
IN TOUCH WITH RUSSIANS.
The Japanese cruisers reported as
being between Gensan and Vladivos
tok have not been sighted. The open
ing of Vladivostok to trade has as yet
had no effect in reviving business,
which is at a complete standstill. The
town is in an excellent condition and
the general health of the people is
good.
Entering the town, the admiral
drove to the pier in an open carriage,
escorted by Cossacks, and boarded the
cruiser Rossiay, on which a short ser
vice was held. The chaplain sprinkled
and blessed the admiral's flag before
it was run up to the. masthead, where
it .was greeted, with a salute from all
the cruisers in the harbor. Admiral
Skrydloff then visited the other cruis-
VLADIVOSTOK,* May 22. — Vice
Admiral Skrydloff arrived here this
afternoon. He was met by Major Gen
eral Voronetz and deputations of the
military, naval and municipal authori
ties, as well as • by an enthusiastic
crowd, and was presented with bread
and salt. .
Religious Services Aboard Cruiser Fol
low Admiral's Arrival.
SKRYDLOFF AT VLADIVOSTOK.
The ship was raised this morning and
was found to be undamaged sa.ve that
her interior was filled with dirty, salt
water. An examination showed that
her Kingston valves had been opened,
permitting the water to rush in. It is
suggested that the carelessness of a
workman might have been responsible
for the opening of the valves, but an
Investigation into the affair is pro
gressing.
While proceeding from Galernii Isl
and, St. Petersburg, where she was
built, to Kronstadt, the Orel grounded
in the the Neva and was hauled off
after considerable trouble. Some of her
plates were damaged. -
ST. PETERSBURG, May 22.— Private
advices received from "Vladivostok con
firm the report that the cruiser Boga
tyr was run upon the rocks. Officials
claim that they have no intimation re
garding the incident.
KRONSTADT, May 22.— It is official
ly announced that the battleship Orel,'
which was brought here some days
ago to receive her main battery and to
be given the finishing touches before
going into commission, suddenly sank
at her anchorage on the night of May
20. Vice Admiral Rojestensky, cora
mander-irf-chief of the Baltic squad
ron, was instantly called from St. Pe
tersburg, and under his supervision
the work of pumping out and raisins
the Orel was begun.
sible that no operations on a large
scale will be carried out before wet
weather begins.
The Chinese magistrate of Haichen,
who is suspected of giving valuable
information to the Japaneese, is un
der arrest at Liaoyang.
antees the Japanese lines of communi
cation.
"War News . Continued on Page 2.
Czar Returns to His Capital.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 22. — The
Emperor and Grand Duke Michael
have arrived in St. Petersburg.
MUKDEN, May 22.- — News of the
Japanese naval disasters was received
here only to-flay. It is considered
that this accounts for the mystery of
the Japanese halt and it is believed
it completely changes the military sit
uation, rendering the Russian posit'.on
much more favorable.
Hears of Japanese Disasters.
"Welcome to Naval Heroes.
ODESSA. May 22. — The crew of the
gunboat .Manjur and one wounded
midshipman of the Variag arrived to
day and were welcomed by a large
crowd with much enthusiasm. The
breech fittings of the Manjur's guns
were brought home. The officers and
crews of the Russian merchant steam
ships captured by the Japanese at the
outbreak of the war, to the number
of 500, also arrived to-day and were
warmly greeted. TV
FILIPINOS
MASSACRED
BY MOROS
MANILA, May 23.— Fifty
three Filipino men, women and
children, employes of the military
government at Malabang, were
massacred by Moros at midnight
on the 1 2th inst.
TIBETANS DESPERATELY
RESIST THE BRITISH
YounshnsbancTs Losses in Recent
Fighting Total Fifty-Seven
¦ ¦-.;:::.: Men.
GYANGTSE. May 22.— A small Brit
ish force moved out yesterday under
Colonel Brander to clear the line to the
scuth. After capturing and burning
three farmsteads, then or previously
occupied by the enemy, the colonel »a»^
turned.
Two Sikhs were killed and Lieutenant
Hodgson was wounded, though not se
riously, during the blowing in of the
doorway of a house on May 13. The
Tibetan losses were about thirty. The
total British casualties since crossing
the Tangla. excluding injuries not re
ceived in action, amount to fifty-seven,
which will perhaps surprise some in
clined v> underestimate the military
importance of the present operations.
The temper and self-conSdence and
actual military capacity of the Tibet
ans have much Increased lately.
MEXICAN CIGARETTE
. FACTORIES CO3IBINED
Fletcher S. Heath Organizes a Trust
and Will Raise Prices in
United States.
CHICAGO, May 22.— Fletcher S.
"Heath of Chicago has organized all
the cigarette factories of Mexico into
a v trust and the general effect will be
the advancement of prices on all lines
of "paper cigars" on sale in the United
States. ..¦* „
' The increased demand for Mexican
cigarettes is at the bottom of the new
move, which has resulted, in a con»
solidation of Mexican factories. The
old-fashioned mild cigarettes of Amer
ican make have been passing out of
public favor for years. The" growing
popularity of the Mexican cigarette
prompted Heath to seek a consolida
tion and now it is declared that this
market will be flooded with the for
eign product.
* Fletcher" S. Heath is a brother of
Perry S. Heath, recently First Assist
ant Postmaster General.
Pioneer Xapa Woman Dead.
NAPA. May 22. — Mrs. N. Cook, one
of the well-known pioneers of Xapa
County, died yesterday and the funeral
was held this afternoon from her late
residence near Napa. She was 86
years of age and a native of Tennes
see. She crossed the plains and came
to Napa County with her husband la
1S56.
College Engineers in Session.
; SANTA CRUZ, May 22. — The sum
mer school of civil engineering of the
University . of California has been
established at - Liddell Creek, about
eleven miles up the coast from Santa
Cruz. One hundred students arrived
last* ..evening. The school will be In
session for a month.
Disaster to Russian Battleship Orel at Kronstadt Probably
Due to the Carelessness of Workman.
He soon collapsed and died.
His wife was found in bed at her
boarding place and arrested. She pro
tested her innocence. In Taylor's
rooms in another part of the city arti
cles of agreement i between him and
Lillian Taylor, whereby he promised to
care for their child. Ralph, were found.
Nothing is known here of Lillian Tay
lor.
Police Chief McCIoud says that
several weeks ago an unknown wo
man asked for an officer to shadow
Taylor. She said she was his wife and
she wanted him watched because he
was paying attention to another wo
man. She has not been seen since.
A revolver with two empty chambers
and a woman's storm coat were found
near the scene of the tragedy. The
rear door to the store was open.
Mrs. Grace Taylor is a daughter of
wealthy parents at Ashtabula, Ohio,
from whom she became estranged
when she married Taylor. Her mother
arrived to-night to see. her.
CANTON. Ohio, May 22.— George H.
Taylor was shot and killed at an early
hour this morning. His wife, Grace
Battorf Taylor is held on a charge of
murder, pending an Investigation.
Taylor was manager of the American
Woolen Mills Company's tailoring es
tablishment. He came to Canton
about a year and a half ago. Taylor
and his wife did not live together, al
though she was a helper at the store
and associated with him. Other em
ployes of the store say that Mrs. Taylor
told them that Taylor had "thrown
her off." He said he was never legally
married to her. but that a fake mar
riage was performed in Cleveland in
April. 1S03, at the HoIJenden Hotel, by
a friend who posed as a minister.
This morning Taylor went into the
store to get his overcoat. A few min
utes later shots were heard and Taylor
staggered from the store with blood
streaming from a bullet hole through
his stomach and back. He cried:
"I'm shot! Grace shot me!"
Special Dispatch to The Call
Running into the door of a tene
ment house, Gotshall was suddenly
halted by shouts from the chauffeur.
He turned to see a half-dozen men
and boys endeavoring to climb Into
the automobile and reach the side of
his wife. The crowd about the auto
mobile had evidently caught sight of
the jewels worn by. Mrs. Gotshall and
tried to reach- them. Shouts from
Gotshall as he came running- toward
the machine frightened them away,
but a few of the older ones remained
to bar his progress. He pushed them
aside, and, jumping Into the automo
bile, ordered the chauffeur to make
rapid speed. The automobile was
pursued by the hoodlums until it out
ran them.
NEW YORK, May 22. — Struck by a
rock thrown by a member of an
east side band, who attacked her and
her husband as they rode in an auto
mobile in One Hundred and Sixth
street to-day, Mrs. William C. Gots
hall, wife of the president of the New
York and Port Chester Railroad Com
pany, was so seriously injured that it
Is feared she will not recover. She
was delirious and suffering from con
cussion of the brain this evening.
Gotshall and his wife, with a chauf
feur, started from their home early
to-day for the Oakland Club, Bay
tside, L. I. The start for home was
made in the afternoon. Choosing a
route by way of the Ninety-second
street ferry, Mr. and Mrs. Gotshall
reached Manhattan at 4; 30 o'clock.
Gotshall noticed that the streets of
the east side were crowded with men
and boys, and instructed the chauf
feur to operate the machine slowly to
avoid accidents.
, Notwithstanding the care taken,
there were sullen mutterlngs from the
crowd when the automobile neared
the middle of the block between First
and Second avenues. A shower of
sticks and stones was aimed at the
occupants df the machine. A boy
hurled a large stone, which struck
Mrs. Gotshall with great force. She
uttered a faint cry and fell to the
bottom of the car.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WARSHIP OP THE MIKADO HIT BY A SHELL AT PORT ARTHUR, NAVAL C^ NDER IN CHIEF WHO REPORTED THE
DISASTER AND RUSSIAN BATTLKSHIP WHICH SANK AT KRONSTADT. EITHER BECAUSE OF A WORKMAN'S C\RE- '
LESSNEES OR THE ACT OF AN AGENT OK THE TOKIO GOVERNMENT. j
Tragic Sequel to a
Fake Marriage
Ceremony.
Wile oi a Millionaire
Is Critically '
Injured,
HOODLUMS
ATTACK AS
AUTO CAR
DISCARDED
WIFE FIRES
FATAL SHOT
Dr. -Bucklin holds that it takes six
years to tell- whether the cure is com
plete or not.
Dr. Bucklin has undertaken a
paper to be read before the County
Medical Society next fall, to give pro
fessors the benefit of his researches.
He does not claim absolutely that he
has discovered a "cure." He does
profess that his operation has bene
fited nineteen cases of advanced
tuberculosis.
One operated upon In 1902 had had
twenty-five hemorrhages and seemed
to be near death's door. After the
operation, -which "raised hi3 altitude
5.4 miles." his bronchitis ceased In a
Week, and in five months he had
gained twenty-two pounds.
-\EW YORK, May 22. — Dr. Charles
Aubrey Bucklin of this city has a
new cure for consumption. His tuber
culosis patients stay in New York,
yet they breathe the atmosphere of
the Rocky Mountain plateaus and
gain weight.
Dr. Bucklin claims that all that is
necessary is to have the prominent
lower turbinated bones removed.
They are close to the outer surface
of each of the nostrils. The turbinated
bone Is about one and a half inches
long and may be as thin as a lead
pencil. Taking out the bone Increases
the faculty of breathing.
The bones are removed with a saw.
The operation is nearly painless and
the wound heals quickly. The con
sumptive begins to take on weight
almost immediately.
Dr. Bucklin explains the theory of
this operation by means of a machine
called the respirometer, which meas
ures the relative change In altitude ef
fected by the operation. He cites the
oases of several patients cured, or. as
he says, "apparently on the road to a
complete cure," through this simple
operation.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
telegraphy on this coast has !
proved to be a complete success as was i
"cemor.srrated by the transmission of j
messages between the station on the j
top at Yerba Buer.a Island and the i
steamer Solace when the vessel was \
Ksventy^-dx miles cut at sea. The
r.avy transport Solace sailed from port
Saturday morning en route to the Ori
t Dtl She -w as fully equipped with the
system. From the moment
j-he leit the heads she commenced send
ing telegraphs to the island. The com
. mnnlotiOB b«twe«o the two points was
absolutely perfect. At 8 o'clock in the
evening the tk-iace sent the following I
•jjcstjon to the island: "Will ,. .you i
kindly give us the result of the base- j
ball score of the game played to-day
on the lilar.d between the navy ap
prentices and the commercial nine-"
The lolloping answer was immediately
j sent back and was understood and ac
knowledged by the Solace: "The com
mercial ream won by a. score. of 6 to 4."
• At 9 o'clock Commander Bull of the
Solace sent the following communica
tion to Admiral William H. Whiting.
' corrmandant at the island: "We are
now seventy-six miles from the Golden
Gate. We have communicated suc
cetafuUy with Farallone Islands. We
are using full power and can hardly
hear you. Good-by."
ADMIRAL WHITING SATISFIED.
Admiral' Whiting, who had charge of
the 'construction of the station at Yerba
liuena, is greatly pleased at the suc
cess of the new invention. It has taken
sonie time to construct the station, but j
it tiiig been in good working order for i
tHe last two weeks. Mare Island has I
been • very frequently communicated !
"-with. Since it commenced operations •
ft has never been closed night or day. '
ar.d an operator is always there ready I
lo receive communications either from
* points about the bay or from the deep- i
sta-guing vessels. Admiral Whiting, !
in .speaking of the result cr the experi- i
nrat, said:
Tt # oan be readily understood that I j
am greatly pleased at the magnificent j
-. results of this trial. It has exceeded
anything that has heretofore taken j
place tjn the Pacific Coast. The com- j
munication was distinct, and the regis- j
tratior.s were absolutely perfect- There |
* v.an not the slightest trouoie in under- j
•fcta-njiing the communications. The ma- j
<)iine we are using is the Slaby-Arco.
•With thts instrument, which has been
greatly improved since the Navy De- j
paftment took hold of it, we can send i
rijspatches to and communicate with i
any system of instruments used in j
-wireless telegraphy. This is where we I
have the advantage over the Marconi j
machine.' The greatest distance that
' baa yet been observed in this country
en the Atlantic Coast is 112 miles. The
me'ssage was sent out from Navesink
no some vessel out at sea- The Xan
tucket lightship has been able to com
municate with a vessel at sea at a dis
tance o-f 100 miles. If we could have a
station^ somewhere at Point Bonita,
Vith the instruments we are now using,
»e would not have the slightest diffi
culty in communicating with a vessel
Stf miles off this coast. As it stands
row the tall buildings of San Francisco
•or steel structure naturally interfere
¦rttfr the transmission, but notwith
t landing this the work of Saturday
has proved an unqualified success."
: 'The United States cruiser Boston is
t-hortly due from Panama, and we nat
urally are waiting with much expec
tancy to see the results of communica
tion, with her. as she is fitted with a
• wireless machine. In the experiments !
in this line of communications
. throughout the world the United States
Is* at present somewhat ahead. We
are. however, working in unison with
• different European countries for the
benefit and improvement of this mar
velous invention. On Saturday night
<1ur machine here used 80 amperes and
2<fj.<m volts."
The Solace is in charge of Com- I
ma'nder Bull and Lieutenant George C. ,
Sweet has control of the wireless tel
egraph communicator on board. The
Solace is taking telegraphy masts to
Honolulu. Guam and Olangapo. and
Lieutenant Sweet intends io establish
stations at these different places.
The news of the performance of the
was received with much gratl
*fi>ation by Secretary* of Agriculture
Wilson, as attested bv the following
.telegram, which was received in this
city yesterday by Local Forecast Offi
cial McAdie:
TJ"«shiapt4n. May 12. — In accordance with
F'vrrtary Wll»en'» premise to the Pacific
O>a*-t. the »ir*l»ss station* of the Weather
T.'iT*mu observatories it Southeast FaraUou
7>i»nd and at Point Reyes are being 1 equipped
*1tfc the raoyt approved appliances to receive
»*?««£•*£ from incoming and outjrotng vessel*
cf ctsssxrtt. *ad the instrument* are en the
Admiral Whiting Is Fully Satisfied.
• Secretary Wilson Keeps
His Promise.
Nineteen Cases of Advanced Tubercu
losis Are Successfully Treated
in New York.
Removal of Tnrbinated Bones
From tbe Nose Relieves
tfle r&iienL
.Communications Are Sent a
Distance of Seventy-
Six Miles.
Surgeon's Saw Stays
Consumption's
Ravages.
Test Is Made From
\ the Solace Out
at Sea.
SAVES LIFE
BY SIMPLE
OPERATION
WIRELESS
EXPERIMENT
A SUCCESS
TOKIO, May 22/ — During the reconnaissance of Port Arthur made by Vice Admiral Togo on Friday of last week a shell hit the torpedo-boat destroyer
Akatsuki, killing one officer and twenty-four men.
SHELL STRIKES A JAPANESE TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYER,
KILLING ONE OFFICER AND TWENTY-FOUR MEN OF CREW
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
California — ""When V7« Were
Twenty-One."
Central — "A Great Temptation."
Chute*— Vaudeville.
Coltrnbia— "Old Hcidelbsr?."
Grand — "Pedora."
Orpneuzn — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "A 4 Runaway GlrL"
A!c«ar— "A Possible Caie."
.THE THEATERS.
The San Francisco Call"missionaries speak » ,
at student conference.
Master of human destinies am I!
Fume, love and fortune on my footsteps wait.
CHle* and firHs I walk; I penetrate
Inserts and »««e remote: and. passing by
Hove! and mart and palace — eoon cr lat* —
I knock, unbidden, once at every gate!
If flttpinjr. wake; if feanting. rise before
I turn awey. It If the hour of fate.
And they who follow me rfach every state
Mortals <!es!n\ and conquer every foe
Pave death; but those who doubt nr hesitate.
<'(ndemnnl to failure, rtrnury. and woe.
i'-fk me Sn vain, and u*ele«rly implore.
I answer not, and I return — no more!
Following is the poem referred to.
first published over Senator Ingalls'
name ln the Saturday Evening Post
of Philadelphia:
Dr. Gigliotti says that he reprinted
the poem in La Giustlzia, published in
Denver, and sent Ingalls a copy of It,
with a rhythmic translation made
him and revised for an English part
by Martin Battles, a distinguished fol
lower of the late Henry George.
CHICAGO. May 22.— In the June
number of Suggestion is a communica
tion from Dr. Nicoll Gigliotti of Erie.
Pa., ln which he claims that the world
famed sonnet "Opportunity." attributed
to the late Senator John J. Ingalls, was
written nret by him. Gigliotti, in Ital
ian, in 1SS7, and was successively print
ed in La Svegrlia at Naples, Italy;
Mlgnon of Naples. Flora Mirabilis of
Turin and Le Conversazioni Delia Do
mtneia of Milan. He gives the poem
in Italian as he wrote it, and a rougii
English prose translation of it, and
with the exception of the conclusion his.
potm and Ingalls' are wonderfully sim
ilar.
Dr. G^rlfotti o*" Pennsylvania Claims
Authorship of the Famous
Sonnet. . ..
SAYS IXGALIjS DID NOT
WHITE "OPPORTUNITY."
PETER O. ELLIOTT ENDS
HIS LIFE BY HANGING
Man AVho Was Suspected of Design
to Injure President Is
Found Dead.
MINNEAPOLIS.- Minn.. May 22.— The lifeless
bedy of Peter O. Klliott. the man who was ar
•rested several months ago ln Washington, D.
C. on suspicion of being a lunatic with prob
ably murderous designs on President Rcosevelt,
was found this morning suspended from the
girder of a railroad bridge ln South Minneapo
lis. It was evidently a case of suicide.
AUTHORITIES MAY
DESTROY VILLAGES
CONSTANTTNOPLE. May 22.— It is saM
the authorities cotitemnlate destroying all
Armenian villages, ln the Sassun district of
Asia Minor, in order to prevent the concen
tration of insurcents in the mountain** am[
the Installation of the villagers on the plain,
whore thev ma.v hn hot tor «iimrv>— <<.
Secretarj* Sutherland Arranges to Es-
PLAXXIXG EDUCATION
• OF THE FllilPlXOS
tablish Natives ln Various
'; Universities.
LEXIXGTOX, Ky.. May 22.— William A.
Sutherland, secretary of the Flllpir.o student*,
left for the University of T.-nneaaee after
making arrangement* to plaro four Filipino
students ln Kentucky University to complete
their education. He has visited Harvard.
Cornell and other large American universities.
He has 10O Filinlnos ranging ln ase from IS
to 21 yeara at San Francisco. They will be
exhibited in St. Louis this summer and will be
educated by their Government in
colleses.
WASHINGTON, May 22.— Naval of
ficers, in view of the recent heavy
losses of naval vessel3 through the ex
plosion of mines near Port Arthur, sug
gest • that the subject of regulating
the use of such mines j by international
agreement may come up at the next
meeting of the naval board for consid
eration. The movers in thlS" matter are
looking to the protection of the vessels
of neutral navies and merchant ships
rather than the vessels of belligerents.
Recent advices are to the effect that
under the influence of the tremendous
tides that ebb and flow in the Gulf of
Pcchili submarine mines cannot safely
be anchored except in shallow- water.
They are torn away from their moor
ings and drift off with the tide, consti
tuting a menace to neutral ships.
It is believed in naval circles that
this matter ultimately will be brought
to the attention of The Hague tribunal.
TOKIO, May 22.— A supplemental re
port was received here to-day covering
the opposition encountered by the Ja
panese force • which landed at Taku
shan, about fifty, miles west of the
mouth of the Yalii, on May 20. The
Russians consisted of a squadron of
the independent Transbalkal Cossacks.
They vigorously resisted the Japanese
advance at a bridge, and retreated only
after one officer and nine men were
killed and a number of men were
wounded. One Russian officer and four
men were captured. The Japanese lost
one man killed. The Russians retired
in the direction of Siuyeri and Shali
chai.
After repeated conferences , between
the bankers, the Ministers and the
Elder Statesmen of Japan, the bankers
have accepted the, terms of the new
popular loan of $50,000,000. It will be
issued at 92, bear 5 per cent interest
and run for seven years. *£he former
loan was issued at 95 and is to run f Or
five years.
DROWNED IN CROSSING
A SWOLLEN STREAM
Accident in Colorado Resnlts ln the
Death of Two Children.
DENVER. May 22. — A special to the Repub
lican from Sterling. Colo., says that Edward
and James Cant, aged 9 and 3 years respect
ively were drowned ln Pawnee Creek to-c!ay
while' driving with their parents. An attempt
was made to ford the creek, which was swollen
by the recent rains. The vehicle in which
they were riding was swept alonsr with the
current and the occupants thrown into the
water. The father. Frank Cant, succeeded in
rescuing his wife and one child.
NEW YORK TRUCK
DRIVERS MAY STRIKE
Organization Will Decide Whether It
Will Act in Sympathy With
S ' Freight Handlers.
NEW YORK. May 22.— The truck drivers of
this city held a meeting to-day to • consider
whether the 33,000 men . whom their organize,
tlon controls are to strike in sympathy with
the freight handlers of the New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railway, now on strike
here. After a heated discussion It .wan decided
to postpone action until to-morrow, when an
other meeting will be held. .
GERMAN KOYAIj - PARTY .
TARRIES IN DENVER
Distlnguishcd Foreigners Will Spend
Several Days In
Colorado.
DENVER: May 22. — A German royal party,
headed by Prince Philip Ernest Furtzu Hohen
lohe-Schilllngrafurst. arrived In Denver to-day
and will remain in Colorado several days.
In the party "besides Prince Hohenlohe are his
sister, the Princess Elizabeth; Mrs. Borglns of
Frankfort-on-the-Main ,and her daughter, and
Count Graft Rumerskleff of Vienna. Prince
and Princess Ratlborls are expected x ,to arrive
here to-morrow. They have been with the
party until leaving them to go to San Ftan-
Aged Man Burned to Death.
VINELAND, N. J.. May 22.— Alfred Mor
can, aged 75 years, said to be a relative of
J. P. Morgan, was burned to death at his
home here early to-day. His house was dis
covered on flre and an attempt was made to
rescue him, but the flames spread so rapidly
that this was Impossible.
NEW YORK. May 22.— The Arctic Club gave
a farewell dinner here last night to WV S.
Camp, who. with several associates, will sail
on Wednesday in search of the exploring party
commanded by Anthony Flala, which was sent
out by William Zeigler. The Fiala party was
last heard of a year ago. Camp will go to
Norway, where he will take command of the
Pclar steamship Frigoff.
Anthony Fiala Expe
dition.
W. S. Camp Starts in Search of the
ARCTIC CLUB GIVES
BANQUET TO EXPLORER
"I am informed on good 'authority
that Viceroy Alexleff tendered his res
ignation to the Emperor, giving ill
health as the reason for his deeire to be
relieved, but that the Emperor per
puaded him in a gracious telegram to
remain at his post."
"Addressing a meeting of financiers
to-day on the importance of securing
the sympathy of the civilized world in
the present momentous crisis. Marquis
Ito strongly urged the importance of
Japan being contented to enforce her
legitimate claim?, never for a moment
wavering in a frank and broad-minded
recognition of the legitimate claims and
interests of other nations. This speech
is considered sifmiflcant as foreshad
owing Japan's future policy with re
gard to Manchuria and Korea,"
A dispatch from St. Petersburg to
Reuter's Telegram Company says that
the report of a sortie by the Port Ar
thur garrison h.as not been confirmed.
It appears, says the dispatch, to have
originated ln the receipt of Lieutenant
General Stoessel's report of the fight at
Kir.ehcu. This, together with the fact
that General Stoessel commands at
Port Arthur, grave rise to the rumor
that the garrison had made a sortie.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph says:
•Realizing that they were isolated,
the Port Arthur Russians made their
desperation an excuse for sowing the
.whole Gulf of Pechlli with floating
"blockade mines. It is reported that
they sent launches and junks to drop
mines in the paths of the Japanese
v.-arehips and transports. The mines
drifted to the high seas and to Chinese
.waters, constituting the gravest dan
ger to neutral shipping. Yestreday the
Ualnrun passed two floating mines
within six miles ' of "Weihaiwei. Even
a? the act of a desperate garrison, this
must be in violation of the law of na
tions."
' The Standard's correspondent at To
]<io, telegraphing under date of May 21,
eays:
¦ LONDON. May 23.— The correspond
ent of the Daily Mail at Kobe, Japan,
cables the following:
• "Returning from Korea through the
Yellow Sea this (last) week, I saw
Japanese transports in every direction.
They were traveling without escort.
Sometimes es many as ten at a time
were counted." .
The correspondent of the Times on
board that paper's steamship Halmun,
which is still excluded from the 'real
theater of war, gives a review of the
present position of affairs and says:
"Reserves from Japan are being
"brought to reinforce General Kuroki's
line of communication, which is being
harassed by Cossacks. General Kuroki
appears to be waiting for the landing
and co-operation of a third army. It
vas while holding the Mlsotao Straits
against torpedo attacks from Port Ar
thur for the passage of a third army
th.it the HatEuse met with disaster.
'"Our patrols and cavalry detach
ments are reconnoitering this side of
the Kinchou range, 73 miles northeast
of Fengwangcher.g. The Japanese
cover their dispositions by small ad
vance guards, consisting of as much
as a regiment of infantry, with artil
lery and- cavalry posted along the high
roads, and as little as two companies
at important points. Japanese cavalry
is seldom seen.
"From reports received yesterday I
have concluded that the first Japanese
army is concentrated as follows: Two
divisions at Fengwangcheng and its
environs and one division at Habalin,
half-way between Siuyeng and Feng-
"The newly created knights of the
military orders and all of the wounded
officers and men of the regiment pres
ent were then called out. and the troops,
headed by myself, marched past these
brave men."
A second dispatch from General Ku
ropatkin to the Emperor is as follows:
ST. PETERSBURG, May 22.—Gener
al Kuropatkin to-day sent the follow
ing telegram to Emperor Nicholas:
*"To-day, in the presence of all the
troops here, forming the chief force of
one of our divisions, a thanksgiving
service in honor of St. Nicholas, the
Miracle Worker, was celebrated. After
a te deum I thanked the troops in be
half of your Majesty for their valiant,
self-denying services and personally
communicated to them the tenor of
your Slajesty's dispatch of May 20.
The troops replied with a hearty cheer
to the wishes I expressed for your Ma
jesty's health and long life.
Cisco. Mrs. Wibcrg of Cincinnati, a friend of
the Prince, is also traveling with him.
wangcheng. It is stated that Feng
waugcheng is being fortified."
Cossacks and Jap
anese Battle at
a Bridge.
Kuropatkin Reports Whereabouts of
Japan's First Army.
Derelict Mines Menace the Shipping
of Neutral Nations.
Kuroki Awaits the
Arrival of Rein
forcements.
TAPAN STILL HURRYING TROOPS TO THE MAINLAND
TPIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1004.
BERKELEY, May 22, — At 9 o'clock
this evening: Mary Curtis, an aged
woman residing: on Union avenue, near
San Pablo, was viciously assaulted by
an. unknown man. She was in front
of h«r house when a stranre man
eei2ed her by the hair. Jerked her to
the ground and gave hera severe beat
ing. Her screams attracted two men
whose names are not known. The
brutal assailant of. the woman fled,
pursued by the two men. They caught
him, but hearing the screams of the
woman, let him bo and ran to her aid,
thinking she was in need of immediate
help. No motive for. the deed i»
known. Mrs. Curtis' face was much
bruised.
Woman Brutally Beaten,
LODI. May 22.— An extra freight train on
tb« Valley Spring narrow gauge line ran Jnto
an cr*n switch here this morning and the
engine and tender and one car loaded with,
lumber were derailed. Traffic was not r«t
suxned for come time. No persons were hurt.
Open Switch Derails Train.
LOS ANGELES. May 22. — How well the
Brotherhood cf Locomotive Engineers loved
their late grand chiefs, P. M. Arthur and A.
3. Toungjston. was demonstrated at the
memorial exercises of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers, held at the First Con
rr^atior.al Church this afternoon. When Rev
Warren F. Day ftnithed his address of tribute
to the memory of P. M. Arthur there was
hardly a dry eye In all that large assemblage
Grand Chief Warren S. Etone also gpoke of 'the
x'xtues and of Arthur.
SANTA CRUZ. May 22.— Willis Hotchkiss.
a noted missionary platform speaker, was
prerettt to-day at the conference at Capltola.
In hie afiiirefs he told of his experience in
Africa in 1886. The morning service was large
ly attended. Miss Cole, State sec
retary of niinpiE, presided. Miss Bertha
Conde of Chicago led ln reading- the Scrlptui-e
and Miss Helen Barnes of New York led in
prayer. Thtt afternoon denominational rallies
were held. At the Presbyterian rally, held in
the Auditorium. Mrs. MtnAora Berry Goodwin,
formerly a missionary ln China, presided. At
the Conrrerational rally Mrs. C. Bradley, wife
of Profesfor Bradley of the State University.
l>rre!ded, and the tnaln addresses were by Mrs.
Charlws Halford, wife of Professor Halford of
th* -Univernity of California, and Miss Ger
trude Barker, a missionary from India. Miss
Oarlotta Meyer, -secretary or the Sacramento
Association, presided at the Methodist rally.
Engineers Hold Memorial Service.
nonilnntions Entertain Delegates
, .''; at Capltola Session.
Prominent Members of Several De-
2
ADVEBTISEIOZNTB.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Faint Spells
Are very often attributed to biliousness
and the stomach is treated to cathartics.
That's wrong.
Faint spells are often accompanied by
biliousness, but you will also notice
shortness of hreath. asthmatic breathing,
oppressed foelins in chest, weak or hun-
gry spells, which are nil early symptom*
of heart weakness. •
Don't make thn mistake of treating the
stomach when the heart is the source of
the trouble.
Dr. Miles'
New Heart Cure
"Will strengthen the- nerves and muscles
of the heart, and the fainting spells, to-
gether with all other heart troubles, will
disappear. t w .
"Four years asro I was very low with
heart trouble, could hardly walk. One
day I had a fainting spell and thought I
would die. Soon after I began using Dr.
Miles' Heart Cure, and after taking
three bottles I feel that I am cured. —
MRS. EFFIE CLOUGH. Ellsworth Falls,
The' first bottle will benefit, if not, th«
druggist will return your money.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PARIS. II* THE REPUBLIC OV
Frar.ce, on the 31st day December. A. D.
1003 and for the year ending on that day. aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and I'll of the Political Ccxle.
condensed aa per blank furnUned by the Com-
mlsnioncr:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up \
in Cash $1.250.0C0 00
ASSETS. ~
Real State owned by Company.. $530.J02 Xi
Ca«h Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,007. «J2S .*2
Cash In Company's Office 9S.231 «:S
Cash In Banks 131. (Ul 4t>
Premiums jn due Course of Col-
lection 620,386 40
Bills receivable. not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine
Risks 3.49« 9%
Rents due and accrued ' 13,302 SO
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 415.873 80
Total Assets $3,372,062 «
LIABILITIES.
Los3es adjusted and unpaid 1
Los«es in process of Adjustment
or ln Suspense \ $3(53.601 74
Losses resisted. Including ex- I
ptnsen J
Gross Premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks, $ :
reinsurance H>0 per cent 846,070 M
Gross premiums on Marine Tim*
Ri«ks, $ ; reinsurance 50 per
cent 346.070 C8
Cash Dividends to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 4.346 OS
Due and accrued for salaries.
rents, etc 7,0€6 «8
Due and accrued for Commissions
and Brokerage 4O.W9 "S
All other Liabilities SS0.603 38
Total Liabilities $1,647,727 70
IN-COME.
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 91.699.503 03
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ; 83.113 05
Total Income $1,781,623 14
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Marln*
Losses (Including ? . losses of
previous years) $1,027,893 12
Pa!d or allowed for Corcmmlsston ?fl
or Brokerage 263.683 13
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 191,693 *O
All other payments and expendi-
tures 11.101 19
Total Expenditures $1,404,379 SO
G. ROBERT. President. *\
EUGENE SERIS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to befor* . me. this
12th day of April. 19O4.
JOHN K. OOWDT,
U. S. Consul General at Paris (France).
MANX k WILS0X. Managera
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
SAX FR.OfCISCO. CAI*.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
L'UNIVERSO MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILAN, ITALT. ON THE 31st DAT O?
December. A. D. 19<W. and for the yexf
ending on that day. if* made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and (Sit
of the Political Code, condensed aa per bUn*
furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash -_ J3QO.00O EO
ASSETS. ~
Cash Market Value of all Stocks \
and Bond* owned by Company... $25-TSCfl c<\
Cash In Company's Ofnce 82.933 5*
Cash in Bank* 123,719 45
Pr-miums ln dua Cours* of Collec-
tion 279.647 77
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire nnd Marine Risks 7.S17 0©
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 4O.13S ."I
Total assets $7S7,B73 Ug
LIABILITIES. ~ " '
Losses adjusted and unpaid.! \
Losses ln process of Adjustment I
or ln Suspense \ $133.87* 5<J
Looses resisted, including ex- I
penses J
Gross* Premiums on Marine T!m» .< .
Risks. $ ; reinsurance 50 • -
per cent.: 217.43123
Due and to become due for Com-
missions and Brokerage 23. SOS IS
Total liabilities $430.20129
INCOME. ~~ ""
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $1,086,936 53
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 9.S94 94
v Total Income.. $1.00C.S31 43
EXPENDITURES. ~~~
Net amount paid for Marine
losses (Including $ , losses
of previous years > $704,52S 21
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. ..21.731 93
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 4.56372
Total expenditures $833.831 95
Marine. "¦
Losses Incurred during: the year... ._ $704.823 2 1
L. LORIA. Vlc« PrenldTnt
CH. VUILLIOMENET. Secretary.
Subscribed and swern to before me. this OtS
flay of April. 1904.
HARLAN W. BRUSH.
U. S. Consul at Milan. Italy.
MANX & WELSOX, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
8AX VrAXCI^CO. CAU >
j->@S£!&|isr MENANDWOMEIT.
«wSL#vUa£v<Ha| U«« Bif O for unnatural
/Ka'i.iusditvtfl dlich»r««s.laflawmat»o»i.
Aa&7 0wut<«4 TH irritation* or ulcentloai
HI bm to (trlctan. of nocoit membrane*.
m fl rmMk ftiiKi-- Pftin'isu, *od not aitrio*
KZlTHEEmSCHH.VICUCa. cent or poiionoo*.
M«&V SlS3l»!UTi,0.K!^3 told by Dro»*lstJ.
u.».a. *S2| or i8Ot ln pIain W^ PP ?^!
VSsfci&K^ -dfirPl *>T •x?ri«». prepaid. I<*
ASBS^GS^^ffll •!•<». or 3 bottle* I2.7X
m Circular test oa r»«wn.
Weekly Call $1 per Year
B f^^^S Beer as Opposed to Patent Medicines. H
M M^S^^l . j, Of course, a pure, wholesome beer m
B I^^^^^^S n Edward Bok, editor of The Ladies' Home ||
P Journal, in a page article in the May issue gives ||9
m jfc i T^?T^ J^ ? st °^ 3^ medicines with officiafranalysis assert- pf
M ing them to contain 12 to 47 per cent, of Alcohol ! M
H " In connection with this list, think of beer, which i*
K * contains only from two to five per cent, of p|
IP 1111111 !• 8 ii^S%feSl^K^ ten times as^much, making them stronger than ||j
fel \hMm3*<^«™ ' horror at the thought of her child drinking a glass • • [<ji
\>M K^'fi xM^^^^S^y vJ 1 iv^^^^>.^wj • • • ' .¦ °f beer, which contains from two to five per cent, of fcqj
id ''^^^^T/^^^^^^^l^^^^^l . '¦ patent medicine that contains from seventeen to . |||
p iP^Pv z=^^ . C^m\ * It is better than pure water because of the nour- M
H if^^^^^^^^^^^l^ii ishing qualities of malt and the tonic properties SI
p| B^lvlg/J^^^^ pudweiser is pre-eminently a family beverage; |§
m its use promotes the cause of true temperance— it PI
H ' guards the safety of health and home. Budweiseris Mi
H 1Btc| ill!! W^^^^m^^ Bottled only at the home plant of the - 11
pi -'^^^^^^^^^^^^ » Anheuser=Busch Brewing Ass'n, St. Louis, U. S. A. ||Mrs. A. H. Donnelly, who lives at (
466 Minna street, attempted suicide
last night by taking carbolic acid. No
reason is assigned for her action. Her
husband states that about 11 o'clock,
after he had retired, his wife came
to his room and said good-by and
added that she had taken poison.
He immediately had her taken to
the Emergency Hospital, where every
thing was done to relieve her. She
was unconscious and in a very critical
state at midnight- Very, little hope is
entertained for her recovery. She is
23 years of age. Her husband states
they have been married three years
and have always been happy. . ;
TRIES TO EXD LIFE BY
TAKING CARBOLIC ACID
SANTA ROSA. May 22. — Miss Freda j
Schairmberg, 17 years of age, was
frightfully burned last night and died
this afternoon after suffering: agony |
for over twenty hours. Miss Schaum- j
berg's parents reside four miles from !
this city on the Guerneville road. The
young lady was dressing to attend a
party to be given as a finale to the !
field day of the Lowell and Santa Rosa !
High schools. Her dress was of light !
material. As she stood before a mlr- !
ror a tumbler fell from a shelf and j
struck a lamp, which exploded. In
an instant the girl's dress was ablaze.
Her father and a girl friend were se
verely burned in endeavoring to ex
tinguish the fire. When her dress
caught fire Miss Schaumberg ran from
the house to the front lawn at her
residence.
LLXPLOSIOX OF A LAMP
CAUSES GIRL'S DEATH
Body of Explorer Hubbard Arrives.
HALIFAX. N. S.. May 22. — On beard the
•«rr.sh:p SUvra. which arrived here to-day
:czn EC Johns, N. F. was the body of Lola
. Fiubt-arC 3t. who perished in the interior
' Labra-lcr last October. Dillon Wallace and
>-.Tre Ellrcn two of the survivor* of th; ex
etf&losi of which Hubbard was the leader, are
• < rnrmrHinc the body.
•fAF.AT-AS. Venezuela, May 20 in
-. £r:tn::fsior.). — The Government has expelled
• . rr. J!ar2_.-s.ibo twelve Spanish monks who
c.-.T* iron-, the Philippine*. The action ef the
O ifrr.rr.ect was taken on the ground that the
.-'...- of The monks U incon:patible with the
fittirnrr ©* modern eoclety.
MONKS AltE EXPELLED
.* „ FROM MARACAIBO
KINGSTON. N. T.. May 22.— Th« Ulster
County Poorhouse. near New Paltz, waa de
stroyed by flre to-day. All escaped In safety.
Loss, S5OJ5CO.
MEXICO CITT. May 22.— The Superior
Board of Health reported that up to Friday
evening there were in the republic outside of
Yucatan six cases of yellow fever, two at
Vera Cruz and four on the Isthmus of Tehuan
tepec.
the eight-hour law passed at the com
ing session of the Legislature. Steps
will be taken by the convention to
•work for the election of such legisla
tors as are favorable to such a law.
Trio of Women Who Claim to Have
' JLav/fuIlv Wedded Follow Body of
Man to the Grave.
. FES MOINE*. Iowa, May 22. — When the
tcdy of the late E. L. Dubot* of this city was
< arried to the cemetery to-day it was fol.
lowed by thrfe women who claim to be hi*
lawful widewy. One cam* from Denver. giv?s
vlif-r.arre of Mary E. L»uboi« and clainsi that
Fhe wa* ma.rTl»'<i to 'be .-:>¦', mun in 1SS0 la
.' ¦¦; ::r.. Mo... and that rt.~- had three children
,tj' him. The second. Mr?, if. Dubole. came
from New Oxieana sir.d refused to talk of
h*T claim*.- The third woman was married
ta Dvbriit at Vest Union, Iowa, and has lived
ben with h!m for rcrae years. There were
ro ,»c«5"s at the funeral, the v.-omen pledging
'rsvids -of the dead man not to ir.tke a dls
•.¦jrdfence. *r*d th'oy massed therretlv^s cST a&
:<-:a?.!ve«. riutKii* ha* had a notable career.
".• la ¦ Fr»-r. :hrr.ar. cr.6 »is an efficer in the
Frasfco- Prus? tar: war.
THREE WIDOWS MOURN*
• ' AT THE SAME BIER
CHICAGO, May 22. — Diamonds, emeralds
and other jewelry amounting to $13,000 were
stolen to-day from the residence of John "W".
Kiser, 3357 Michigan avenue. The Jewels
were placed In a chiffonier Saturday night and
locked up, but to-day when Mrs. Klser went to
set some of the gems she discovered that
they were gone. No clew to the thieves has
been found.
From a Residence In
Chicago.
Gems Valued at $18,000 Are Stolen
DIAMOND THIEVES
MAKE BIG HAUIi
SACRAMENTO. May 22. — Mrs.
Mamie Syce, a middle-aged woman,
was this morning found dead in her
room In a local hotel by a maid. She
was sitting in a chair in a natural
position, with most of her clothes re
moved. She called in a physician to
attend her yesterday and while he was
there she discontentedly remarked
that she wished she were dead.
The cause of her death is. not
known and Coroner Gormley has or
dered an autopsy. The husband of the
dead woman has been away from the
city for some time, but so far as
known there had been no strained re
lations between them.
Life Ends as She Sits in Her Room
and the Canse Is Unknown.
Coroner Orders Autopsy.
WOMAN DIES IN" CHAIR
" IX SACRAMENTO HOTEL
While the miners are striking for an
eight-hour day the federation will
make another determined effort to have
In the absence of President Moyer.
who »s still detained by the military
in Telluride, Vice President J. C. Wil
liams of Grass Valley, California, will
preside over the gathering, which will
be in session ten days.
Perhaps the most important matter
to be discussed will be the question of
open meetings of local lodges affiliated
with the federation. For years. It is
claimed, detectives have either joined
the unions themselves, disguised as
miners, or have sent miners into the
meetings to see what has been going
on, and in this way learning the work
of the organization. In order to pre
vent this the executive committee has
decided to recommend to the conven
tion that meetings of local unions
hereafter be open to all who choose tor
attend.
DENVER, May 22. — To-morrow will
mark the opening of the twelfth annual
convention of the Western Federation
oi Miners. This will probably be the.
most important convention ever held:
by the organization.
More than 250 delegates, representing
locals scattered throughout Colorado.
Arizona, British Columbia, Montana,
Idaho, Kansas, Minnesota, Michigan,
New Mexico, California, Oregon, Utah,
South Dakota, Washington, Wyoming
and Alabama will be in attendance.
TANGIER, Morocco. May 22.— The
Shereef cf Wazan left this morning to
meet Ralssouli, the bandit chief, who
is said to be at Benairos. Mohammed
El Torres, representative of the Sul
tan of Morocco at Tingier, has em
powered the Shereef to say that the
Government will grant all of the de
mands of Ralssouli if Ion Perdicaris,
the American, and Cromwell Variley,
the British captive, are handed over
immediately. The soldiers already
have been withdrawn from the dis
tricts where the bandits are located.
WASHINGTON, May 22.—Negotia
tions for the ransom of Ion Perdicaris
and his stepson. Cromwell Variley,
'have been opened by the bandit chief
tain Raissouli.
American Consul Gummere at Tan
gieri in a cablegram received at the
State Department this afternoon, re
ports that Raissouli has communicated
with the authorities in Tangier and
that a message has been received from
the captives stating that they were
well treated". Gummere does not say
what, If any, figure of ransom Rais
souli demands, but the bandit intimated
that he expected an offer to be made
quickly for the release of the cap
tives.
A line of communication between the
authorities and the mountains where
the bandits are supposed to be con
cealed has evidently been established.
Special Dispatch to The Call
GREAT ISSUES
TO BE DECIDED
BRIGAND OFFERS
RANSOM TERMS
,FINDLAT. Ohio. May 22.— As the
rveslt of an explosion in the drying
joomi of -th,e Lake Shore Novelty
Pi^nt here to-day, seven persons are
.own to be dead, five are so severely
: at that recovery is impossible and
twelve or fifteen are injured slightly.
r-orrk Deports of the physicians ten
» I tfce less seriously injured may die
i? «• result of blood poisoning on ac-
C^-nt'of "the potash that was driven
• 'to their bodies. The dead:
•• JOSEPH SHERWOOD, aged Z\.
.JAt SHERWOOD, aged 24.
: KDITH DILLON, aged 17.
DEAN «HAW, aged 18.
•>UARY SNIDER, aged 22.
. STELLA DECKER, aged 15.
-F.RANK GRANT, aged 21.
: The -injured who it is believed can
noC recover are: Maggie Logan, 19. in
:/.r*d by flying debris; Thomas Bock,
VrKis and legs broken, internaly in
. :red; Claude Shaw, twin brother of
Dea.n. back severely injured and ankle
•roken; Effie Peterman and her
brother Roy. caught in falling debris
Bad internally injured.
Two employes are missing and are
s=::ppe»sed to have been blown to atoms.
The plant covered nearly ten acres
of ground in the southwestern part of
The city and employed nearly 200 men.
vomen and children. Railroad tor
: -does and Fourth of July explosives
v.ere manufactured.
This morning two explosions that
shattered windows throughout the city
startled the citizens. The concussion
v.'^ felt for miles around. Two maga
zines in separate rooms had exploded
The exact cause of
the explosion is not definitely known.
Huma.n forms were strewn consider
;-'.'!e distances apart on the factory
Bite.
The remains of the Sherwood
brothers were found in drying- room
No ; 1. mangled and almost unrecog
nizAble: Their clothing was blown
Trom their bodies, save a stocking on
the right foot of Jay Sherwood. The
*ody «f Edith Dillon was picked up
*-*i0 yards from where the explosion
occurred.
The. immense plant was shattered
Into fragments and not a single wall
remains standing. Bricks and timbers
\v<*r^- scattered for half a mile around.
PORTLAND. Or., May 22. — The of
ficial call of the seventh annual ses
sion of the American Mining Congress
has been issued by Secretary Ir'win
Mahon. The congress, which will
meet in this city August 22, is ex
pected to draw a large attendance,
not only from constantly increasing
interest in mining, but because of the
scenic beauties of this State and the
perfect climatic conditions prevailing
here during the summer. The dele
gates are to be entertained by excur
sions which will enable them to view
the beautiful scenery in the vicinity
and every effort will be made by Port
land to give them a royal welcome.
Many questions of national interest
will be acted upon during the session
and the benefit to be derived from the
Lewis and Clark Exposition will be
discussed. There will also be an ef
fort to establish permanent national
headquarters for the American Min
ing Congress.
Addresses will be delivered by men
of national reputation and especial at
tention will be given to the discus
sion of the subjects of "The Relation
of Mining to the Industrial Develop
ment of our Country" and "The Crea
tion of a Department of Mines and
Mining by Our Government."
This latter question has long been
agitated and for several years great
influence has been brought to bear
upon the President and Congress to
authorize the establishment of such a
department, but so far without avail.
RENO, Nev., May 22. — Lost on the
great Tonopah desert for two days,
without food or water, either for him
self or his horse, almost exhausted
from thirst and\hunger and about to
give up all hope of escaping alive —
such was the condition of Carl Stod
dard, one of Nevada's best known
metallurgists.
He left Tonopa^i early last week,
riding a horse, and bound for Reno
on a visit to his parents. Some miles
out he became bewildered, lost the
road, and for the next two days was
lost upon the desert. It was yesterday
morning when an Indian prospector
found him. Stoddard was out of his
mind. He was leading his horse and
walking about in an aimless manner.
Every few steps he would fall to the
ground, but he would not give up,
and continued until at last he fell into
his rescuer's arms and was carried
to Gardnerville, where medical assist
ance succeeded In reviving him suf
ficiently to allow his friends to bring
him to Reno. He arrived here to
night, weak and exhausted, but will
recover.
The distance from here to Tonopah
is not more than 300 miles, yet Stod
dard covered 450 miles of the most
barren country in Nevada.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Nearly all of the Bishops filled pul
pits to-day, either at the morning or
evening services, in this city and In
near-by towns.
While Monday, May 30. is the date
set for final adjournment of the con
ference, it Is believed that practically
all the important business will be com
pleted before the end of the present
week. Some of the delegates have left
for home already, and so many more
were seeking to be excused that the
conference became alarmed yesterday
lest the quorum would be broken and
made a rule to refuse further applica
tions for leave until a special commit
tee shall pass upon them.
Two subjects will doubtless cause a
spirited , debate during the next few
days, namely, the amusement question
and the relations of capital and labor.
The latter was made the subject of a
special report from the judiciary com
mittee last week. In which vigorous de
nunciation is made of "the greed of
corporations and their indifference to
the welfare of their employes." It was
sought to have the conference pa3s the
resolutions reported by the judiciary
committee as the expression of the
body, but strong opposition developed,
and it was made the special order for
Tuesday morning, when it will be dis
cussed.
LOS ANGELES. May 22.— It is unof
ficially stated to-day that the ballot
taken by the Methodist General Con
ference Saturday for missionary Bish
ops, the result of which will be an
nounced officially Monday morning, has
resulted in the election of Dr. I. B.
Scott of Louisiana (colored) as mis
sionary BIshOD to Africa and j Dr. W.
F. Oldham and Dr. K. E. Robinson as
additional missionary Bishops In South
ern Asia. Dr. Scott's election caused
some surprise, as it was thought that
Dr. Camphor of Liberia would be the
successful candidate.
COLUMBUS, O., May 22.— There are
more early visitors here than usual for
the Democratic convention next Tues
day and "Wednesday. This is due to
contests In many county delegations
and the desire of contestants "to be
heard"* as soon as they can meet dele
gates and leaders.
There have been fights in most of
the 88 counties for Hearst delegates.
All who are opposed to Hearst are
called Conservatives. As the latter
have a majority of uncontested dele
gates, titey will no doubt decide the
contests against the Hearst contes
tants and control the convention. The
Conservatives, however, are divided in
their political preferences between Col
onel James Kilbourne of Columbus,
who was the Democratic candidate for
Governor three years ago; Judge Jud
son Harmon, who was Attorney Gen
eral under President Cleveland, and
Joseph Folk of Missouri.
Previous to his defeat for Governor
last year and his loss of control of the
State committee this year, Mayor Term
L. Johnson of Cleveland was considered
a candidate for the Democratic nomi
nation for President, but he Is now
heading the boom in Ohio for Folk.
Johnson, who was the candidate for
Governor last year, and John H.
Clarke, who was then the Democratic
candidate for Senator against Hanna,
are delegates from the Twenty-flrst
Ohio district to the St. Louis conven
tion, and neither has been mentioned
for delegate at large. There was a
proposition to make the last four Dem
ocratic candidates for Governor,
Horace Chapman, Jonn McLean,
James Kilbourne and Tom L. Johnson,
the delegates at large, but all declined.
Chapman. McLean and Kilbourne also
declined to serve as district delegates.
There Is no doubt that the Conserva
tives will name the "Big Four" and the
State ticket, as well as dictate the
resolutions. No Instructions for any
candidate are expected, but either Kil
bourne or Harmon will be indorsed as
"the Ohio favorite," and the delegates
will be instructed to "vote as a unit
whenever a majority of the delegation
so elects."
ST. LOUIS, May 22.— When Joseph
W. Folk was asked to-night whether he
was In sympathy with Tom L. John
son's proposition to secure the Indorse
ment of Ohio for President, the Circuit
Attorney said:
"As I said a few weeks ago, I am
under obligation to the people of Mis
souri; this obligation Is so definite that
I cannot consider the nomination or
even the suggestion for any office other
than that of Governor of Missouri, for
which high place the rank and file of
the people in my party have so gener
ously conferred on me."
Rev. H. Whittle, S J., Rev. Philip
O'Ryan, Rev. P. E. Mulligan and Rev.
Father Morgan assisted Archbishop
Montgomery in the confirmation exer
cises. Miss Kate Rattigan presided at
the organ.
Marguerite Eleanor Rospllle, Maria Marcella
Canty, Mary Agness, Amelia Catherine
O'Brien. Annie Iroelda Van Noetrand, Ethel
Margaret Smith, Frances Paullr.e Cassinelli,
IM.th Leoncre. Mary Elizabeth K>nny. Mary
Oioysla Sheehan, Adele Philomena Godfrey,
Mary Constantine Reynolds, Mary Margaret
Noosan. Anita Maria Hall. Elma Claire Ge
arcn, Mary Phllomcna Reiliy. Agnes Cosalotta
Francis. Julen Nazareth Colwell, Ruth Ce
cilia Weaver. Elizabeth Cecilia Angelo.
Rote Gertrude Casey, Helen Frances Mur
ray. Christina Angela Austin. Gertrude Imclda
Frances. Rose Agnes Fox. Malvlr.a Imela Ca
vasto. Mary Berenice Weddell, Irene Maria
Meehan. Eihel Alice Clausen, Ellen Mary
Dempsey. Evangeline Marion Lennon, Elvera
Ruth Scbultz, Isabella Marcaret Warnock,
Margaret Catherine Tautphau?. Rose Eliza
beth Clauss, Eva Marion Gibbons. Juar.lta
Maria Berenice Harris, Maude Aloysius Good
ban, Lena Sarah Browne. Isabelle Katherine
Deuchy. Belinda Eleanor Mullane, Lucy Maria
Blake. Anita Agnes Greenan. Mary Agnes Gen
«-vJeve Hums, Johanna Catherine O'DowJ,
Marxarct Catherine Henz. Irene Ber
nadette Donahue. Alice Frances Mulligan
Nora F. Mary Keith. Annie Maria Warnlk,"
El!e«»n Emelda Dorgan, Ella Madeleine Clancy,
Catherine Marcelia Crlbbln, Gertrude Berch
rr.ar.s Campbell. Agnes Claire MeCloskey. Ethel
AgTtes Palin, Marion Agnes Trumpour. Camilio
Teresa Pa^quale. Pattle Margaret Swift, Mary
Aloysius Palin. Hilda Aioyglus Schroeder, Ty
rer Madeline Bond. Helen Mary Turner and
Lcretta Teresa Tralnar. ,
GIKLS CONFIRMED.
Leopold Aloysius La Vtolette, Bernard Her
bert Barnett, John Aloysius Howe, Edgar
lienediet Spooler, George Aluyelus Nelson. Ar
thur Maximilllan Ruiz, Joseph Aloyslus Queen.
John Ignatius ilagarty, Francis Anthony Tal
bot, Harvey Jtmes Cunningham, James An
thony McMahon, Gerald Joseph Montlle,
George Edward Lloyd, John Joseph Schappl,
James Aloysius O'Brien, James Henry Heaton,
Jeremiah Joseph Ma'oney. George Michael
Xewson. Edward Aloyeius Bo!and. Joseph Cor
nelius Connell. William Aloysius Keliy, Antone
Jost-ph Hiw«n»t. George Aloysius StocWfleth.
Albert Joseph Kearr.y. A.Ian Daniel O'Brien,
Raymond Joseph Golden. Anthony James
Hu«.gle, Harold AugUfctine Lane. Henry Ig-
Bftttm B.'nien. William Patrick Kiordan. Rob
ert Joseph FlooJ. Thomas Joseph McCarthy,
Bertram Cecil Cfcllopy, Mario Julius Martina.
Jame* Aloyt>ius Rionian. Thomas Francis Rush.
Charles Anthony Fowler. John Charles Tracy.
George Aloysius Brmierick, Philip Victor Van
dor, John Alfred Gallagher, Leo John Kearns.
Oment Joseph Maruffo, I^eo Lawrence W1L.
!iame, Joseph Victor liacitalupi. Francis Jo
seph Chapman. Joseph John Aloyisius Boglio,
William Ignatius Nichols, William James
Kelly. Harry Ligori Flatley. William Daniel
Wa&ius Prince, Joseph Edward Tracy, John
Peter t'heehan. Edgar Ignatius Gamble, Fran
cis Vincent Ebr.er. Oliver Joseph Lupton.
Charles Aloysius Eaton. Frank Alcvilus Mc-
Aninery. James William Grace. Louis Joseph
Irigcyen. Cyril Lawrence Wuill. Jasper Aloy
cius O'Farrell. Joseph Al-.-ys.ua Collins.
Frank James Sandy, Gerald Marion RouIIier.
Robert Matthew Reagan. George Aloysius Bar
nett, John Alcyslus Sullivan, James Charles
Reilljr, Harold Maurice Casey. E.irl Thomas
Roulllier. Timothy Charles Bowen. Ernest Paul
Watsca. Bayard Joseph Miller. Leo Joseph
Kieran. Joseph James Bur-dick. William Felix
Nicholas. Ignatius Hubert McCarthy, John
Aloycius Moscrop. James David Murray.
I>orj.ld John Stlmmel, Kenneth McK. Leo
Ham. Arthur Andrew McCcrmlck. Henry I*"
natlus Wleboldt. Arthur John Watson. Harry
Valentine Flynn. Frederick Michael Cordtr,
Charles Douglas Barnett, Thomas Edward
Twohig. Prince Joceph Scbetzei. Ado.ph
Joseph Wehner. Francis John Mclneray, An
drew Alfred Baldt- ¦cchl. Eugene James Ker
rigan, Edwin Patrick Coll. William John Con
nolly, Vincent Ignatius Vaughan. Gec-rge James
L>le. Albln Richard Murrick, Lawrence Berch
maus Burns. Reno Thomas Bacisalupi,
John James McCarthy. Garrett An
thony O'Brien, Eugene Louis d'Artenay,
Percy Aloysius McCann. Sydney Aloysius
H»ger, William Aloytius Lafferty. Robert
Anthony Tobin, Clyde Edward Owens, John
Joseph Ryan. Frederick Joseph Grazer. Charles
A!o;-sius F.ush. Charles Patrick Overstreet.
Igr.atlui> Alo'sius Richardson. Henry Andrew
Kinz. > Louis Clement Baccala. David Charles
Barry.
If, he said, it was true that drink
ing on the part of women exists and
!• growing as described, then the time
would come when it would be neces
sary to give the temperance pledge to
girls as well as to boys.
Archbishop Montgomery called
on the conftrmed boys to stand and
give a pledge of temperance to be
kept until they shall reach the age
of 21.
The following were confirmed:
BOYS CONFIRMED.
One of the old women told how she
lost $75 on one day. but made it up
the next day.
Such a condition, said his Grace, is
a blot on society. Betting is not a
legitimate way to make money, but is
a degradation both to body and soul.
His Grace gave an Illustration of
two old women on a boat while cross
ing the bay, 6peak of their losses and
winnings at the races.
At St. Mary's Cathedral there was a
large class confirmed by Archbishop
Montgomery yesterday afternoon, and
in the course of his address to the
boys and girls his Grace spoke of the
power of. prayer and advised his hear
ers against carelessness in the observ
ance of their religious obligation.
The Archbishop, in laying before
the boys the evil effects and the con
ditions that arise from intemperance,
sa.id that he had read in the press of
a growing intemperance among wom
en, and especially, he understood, was
it the case among women of leisure.
If such were true, lie said, of condi
tions in San Francisco, then it was
time to blot it out.
» ¦ .
uildings Are Blown Into
Fragments and Bodies of
the Dead and Maimed Are
Strewn Over Great Area
MMENSE PLANT IS
COMPLETELY WRECKED
Establishment of a New Gov
ernment Department to Be
. Foremost Among Themes
Dr. Scott of Louisiana Re
ported to Have Been
Made Bishop to Africa
Bewildered and 'Exhausted
Traveler Found Wander
ing in a Barren Country
Tom L. Johnson's Faction
Favors the Missourian's
Nomination for Presidency
His Grace Says Gambling Is
Degrading to Body and
. Soul and a Blot on Society
JOSEPH FOLK'S BOOM
Catastrophe at the Lake
/Shore Novelty Works in
Findlay, Ohio. Results in
Death and Injury to Many
INDIAN THE RESCUER
NOTED MEN WILL SPEAK
SURPRISE IN ELECTION
BETTING IS A MENACE
Preparations Are Made for
the Seventh Annual Ses
sion in Oregon's Metropolis
Metallurgist Has Xarrow Es
cape From Death While
on His Way to Eeno
Archbishop Montgomery
Hears of Drinking Habit
Among Women of Leisure
Conservatives Assured of a
Majority in the State Con
vention of Ohio Democrats
Methodist Conference Dele
gates to Discuss the Rela
tions of Capital and Labor
EXPLOSION
IN FACTORY
IS DEADLY
CALL IS ISSUED
TO THE MINERS
LOSES TRAIL
ON A DESERT
BRISK DEBATE
IS PROMISED
HEARST'S FOES
WILL CONTROL
WARNS AGAINST
INTEMPERANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1904.
3
A Few Facts About* Clothes to Order
Your purse determines what you can afford
ili^llil v fliliil * f you pay al3ove £50, go to some exclusive
/dlliP^^* tJjPJjHL^ tai!or and P a Y him £65 or possibly $100. Can-
mljSf <&\ -*- lF*^i5f| didly speaking, you cannot do better — you will
8EST v '¦^j S'??4— /7 S et y° ur money's- worth',' if you can afford it.
V%** "v^fe/ 1 If you pay under $50, this is the place to
/^J^W?' " I^Q^, buy your clothes. There is no question about
-^\^^^^w — Under $50, no tailor, can give you the
\^C \P' :^^^^M We bu y cloth direct from the mi ! ls - other
P^^p^B^^^^^^tt tailors are compelled to buy through jobbers.
Sjl^^^S^^B^® We have a large busmess and necessarily
-M^S^^^^^S^I X^^i^^^S^^^ smaller running expenses, in comparison, than
the tailor who makes one suit wnere we make
'^S^^^^^^^^^ In ty P e we can onlv ar § ue - In the store we
' yy^Bm^^^^^^^ can convince you, for here is the merchandise
/y Wf^^^^SBm' that speaks for itself. You can see the value
WM^^^S^^^^m // in tne goods. We will make you a suit for $20
$M¥M^m^^^^%i (\ ft^^^^l^^ that wil1 cost vou ever Y cent °f S30 in any tail-
'^^^^^^^W can P rove tn ' s to y° u anc * m finding it
S^^^fe J Llst t0 mves^§ ate - If vou are no J satisfied you
ilfe^i^ WSiiliSi The above are absolute facts and we expect
t^SSM ti|^WI|? y° u t0 believe them because every statement is
• ¦ ; • • - r" - - ¦'.'¦'.- . ¦ • • . - j .¦-¦"-. -, , . y^rt ¦ r^nflroT' Qti*oof. /inn
%--¦ - • *V\I , iTial fvx?L» oiiccu uiivi
. , Comer Powell and Eddy StreeLs
ADVEJRTISEMENTSw
STATEMENT
OF THE
COXDmOX AXD AFFAIRS . *
OF THE . _v!
Hartford Steam
Boiler Inspection
ANO INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAJtTFOKD. IN THE STATE OF COJ7-
aectlcut, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
! 1903. and for the year ending on that day. as
* made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
' State of California, pursuant to the prortslona
; of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
! condensed as per blank furnished by th« Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
' Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Caah 1300. COO 00
\ ASSETS. — — — — —
, } Real Estate owned by Company.. $19. COO CO
I Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 717.520 Oi
* Ca*h Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.012.434 97
¦ Cash in Company's Office 6.75S 23
. Cash tn Banks 131.709 05
. Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 17.314 14
' Premiums in due Course of Col-
I lection 218.T7T ««
\ Total Assets (3.122.163 10
LIABILITIES. "~
Losses in process of Adjustment or
1 tn Suspense |2O,4I3 03
> Gross premiums on Risks running
; one year or less. $109,363 21; re-
insurance SO per cent 54.8S2 60
' Gross premiums on Risks running;
: more than on* year. $3,412,-
S32 10; reinsurance pro rata 1.736,473 IS
, Due and to become due for Com-
missions and Brokerage 32.516 64
: Total Liabilities $1,904,237 43
INCOME.
. Net cash actually received for
, premiums $1,304.234 39
• Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 31.374 01
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 99.453 94
Received for Rents 783 47
, Received from all other sources.. 2S.247 83
Total Ineoa*. $1,404,313 63
I =====
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses $137,134 67
Dividends to Stockholders 60.000 00
i Paid or allowed for Commission
• or Brokerage 336,503 63
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
j charges for officers, clerks, etc. 37.900 00
I Paid for State. National and Local
, taxes 39.S9S S7
I Paid for Inspections 4A0.724 10
I All other expenditures 1SO.9«1 53
Total Expenditures $1,313,142 87
" Losses Incurred darin*; the year $33,323 CO
Risks and Premiums — Premiums.
RISKS AND PREMIUMS. PremiumsT
' Net amount written during; the
year $1,461.385 59
Net amount expired durlnsj the
year L29S.111 23
Net amount In force December 31,
1903 3.522.14731
CHAS. M. BEACH. Vlc« President.
J. B. PIERCE. Secretary.
Subscribed a-d sworn to before m«, talj
23d day of January. 1904.
L. F. MIDDLEBROOK. Notary Publla.
MAJS^ & WILS0X, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts.
SAX FRAXCISCO. CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THE
COXDITIOX AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
METROPOLITAN
PLATE GLASS
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day ef December, A. D.
1903. and for the year ending; on that day. as
made ta the Insurance Commissioner of th*
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by tha Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash .1200,000 00
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $497,355 00
i Caab in Company's Office 8.161 6O
i Caah in Banks 28.443 19
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 3.414 65
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 33,434 11
Plate Glau on hand 1.S71 39
Accounts due for Glass sold......... tot) 10
Total assets $366,903 24
LIABILITIES.
Losses tn process of Adjustment or
In Suspense : $4,472 97
Grczs premiums on Risks runnlss;
or.e year or lesa. $355,980 34; re- *
insurance 60 per cent 177.990 17
Total liabilities .$152.463 U
INCOME. ~ — ~
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $343,136 30
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks Loans, and from
all other sources 18.291 71
Total income $361.445 01
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Losses $116,041 4;
Dividends to Stockholders 'JO.OX" CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 129.663 91
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for otflcert, clerks, etc 42.500 40
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes 10. 097 73
All Oder payments and expenditures. 29,407 3H
Total expenditures ..* .$333. nT 10
Losses Incurred during th# year $114,970 92
E. H. WINSLOW. President.
a W. BUHTON*. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 7ta
day of Jan«ary. A 19£^ T
MAjSN & WILSON, Managers
NE. cor. California and Sansome Sts,
SAX FRAXCISCO, CAL.
ALWAYS TIRED.
Few Ean Traaclsco Peo-pla Polly Under-
stand the Cause.
That never-rested feeling.
Tired day and night
Most times 'tis the kidneys' fault.
Doan's Kidney Pills cure every kid-
ney ill.
Cure backache, urinary, disorders, dia-
betes;
Are indorsed in San Francisco.
Mrs. C. Demell (C. Demell. employed
on the wharf), residence II Alaska
place, says: "I have had more or less
trouble with my kidneys for fifteen
years, my back aching at times so that
I could neither sit. stand nor lie in any
comfort. When in the acute stage I had
sinking spells, was weak, lacked energy
end often felt as if I would totally col-
lapse. If I stooped for a few minutes,
when I regained an upright position I
grew so dizzy I could scarcely stand, and
despite the fact that I was continually
taking medicine from physicians and
using standard remedies I grew worse in
place of better. I had very little fatth in
Doan's Kidney Pills when I first com-
menced their use, but after a few days
of the treatment they must have acted
on my nervous system as well as th«
kidneys, for I was able to sleep at night
peacefully, something I had been unable
to do for a long time. I most heartily
recommend Doan's Kidney Pills.**
For sale by all dealers. Price- SO cents.
Foster-Mllburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y.. solo
agents for the United States.
Remember the name. Doan's. and tak»
no substitute.
ADVEBTISEliEirrS.
Some grocers sell Schilling's
"Best
•*¦ baktnf-powder ' wpvex*
wCb» • ftr»orraf extracts »c4a
inoneyback ; some don't.
- They have their reasons
toth V/ays.
DOAJI'S KIDNEY PUXS.
'iifJllDweloping
&=5^ Printing
pOCT CUT RATES
I can save you money and time on
'.hit work. I've the tx«t equipment
* for :t on this coaet. You'll find xny
Kodak Developing and Printing work
' perfectly eatlrfactory In all respecta.
Ucrc are a few prices:
DEVELOPING.
Roll of alx. 10c; roll of twelve, 15c.
PRINTING :
So!l» finish. 3c to Be; relox finish,
."•c to 6c.
. * DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS In
¦ ' all r*pu!ar sires at lowest prices.
Camera* repaired at moderate rates.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAIM PITTS,
F. V.'. PITTS, Tb« Stationer..
IOCS MARKET ST.. Above Powell it,
". * EAN FRANCISCO.SCENES AT CAMP AT TRESTLE GLEN. WHERE THREE OAKLAND' COM- I
PANIES OF NATIONAL GUARD AND FOUR COMPANIES OF CITIZEN
• SOLDIERY OF SAN FRANCISCO ARE PRACTICING THE ART OF WAR,
ST. LOUIS. May 22.— Not a wheel was
turned and hardly a sign of life was to be
seen about the World's Fair grounds to-day.
For perhaps the first time since the fair was
projected and the present site chosen was
there a strict observance of Sunday. At the
Indian building there were snort religious ser
vices for the wards of the Government and a
Sunday-school for the -little Indians. Then
there was a native marriage. '
Excepting Relljtfous Services There
Are Few Sljns of Life at
Exposition.
SABBATTI IS OBSERVED
AT THE FAIR GROUNDS
NEVADA. Iowa, May 22. — Pr«f«rrtn«; death
to being returned to Sins Sing to finished aa
unexplred term, Joseph Pankusch. an Austrian.
leaped from the overland limited of the Chicago
and Northwestern road while the train was
traveling sixty miles an hour. His head struck
the rail of the west bound track and death
nurt have been Instantaneous.
Pankusch escaped from Sing Sins two months
ago while serving a term for assault. The de
tectives soon got on his trail and he was fol
lowed to Reno. Colo., by two prison officials.
They arrested him there, where he was work
ing with a construction gang, and started back
with him to New York. On the train the of
ficers took turns at sleeping and watching their
man, and Buring a momentary lack of vigil
ance the prisoner crawled from his berth, his
legs shackled, made his way to the vestibule
and leaped from the train. The remains w«r»
brought back here and inquest held, the Jury
exonerating the railway company and the two
prison official!*. The officers continued their
journey this morning with a certificate of th<»
prisoner's death, the remains baring been
turned over to the State.
Eludes Officers and Jumps
From Train.
Captured Convict on Way to Prison
DEATH PREFERABLE TO
life rv sing srsa
Holmes Lime Company to John F. Cross, lot
on NW line of Twelfth avenue, 121.85 9W of
East Twenty-eighth. 8W 50.27. NW 113.80. SH
60.07. SE 116.29. lot IS. Templeton Tract. East
Oakland; $10.
Robert B. and Ella. Moorehead to Ia 9. and
Emnut L. Hagyarty. lot on line beginning 10O
W from intersection of W line of. Shattuclc
avenue with S line of Ruas*H street, W 100
by 9 S6.42. lot 15, block B, Adeline. Tract,
Berkeley: $10.
Anna C. Barkley (widow) to Ann!* Carieton
(wife of S.). lot on NW corner of Moulder
avenue and Ralston street. N 149:6. W 103:11.
8 152:2H E 104. lot 11. block 8, map Uni
versity Homestead Association No. 3. Berkeley;
Samuel Barkley to James C. Znck, rereco*4.
126 D. 858, asm*, Berkeley; $230.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Mary 8.
Bovo. lots <i to 8. block 13, McGee Tract, por
tion plot 67. etc., Berkeley; $10.
J O and Cella A. Davenport to Frank L.
Carpenter, lot on SE corner of Benrenti* »T9
nue and Derby street, S 50 by D 148^ lot 24.
Mock A, Berry-Bangs Tract No. 2. Berkeley:
Mary C. and James L. Barker (husband and
as attorney) to Jacob Kunzelman. lot on E line
of Harper st 50 fe of Mason. S BO by B
122.01. being S 50 feet of lots 15to 17. map
subdivision block 7. Central Park Tract. B«rka
leJ San Francisco Savings TTnion to GotOleb
Boger. lot on S line of Railroad avenue. 100
W of Verdi. W 82 :S by 9 125. portion lot IT.
map Encinal Park Tract. Alameda: $10.
Adna A. and Adrienne M. Denlson to Louis
I>. Reeb. lot on E line of Olen avenue. 12* 3
of Linda avenue. S w by K 1W, betns subdi
vision ¦» of lot 3tf, map 3, Glen Echo tract. Oak
land; $10.
Hiram R. Hatch to H. W. France, lot on
S line of Chaae. 135 W of Willow street. W 15
by S 07:5. thence E to point l>l:5 S from S
line of Chase, thence N l»l:5 to befclnnln* lot
9 and W portion lot H». block tWT. Caa*»rly
Tract at Foint. Oakland; $ll>.
Andrew and Kraely Anderson to Louis L-
Borg, lot on N line of Fifteenth street. 57 :3
W of Kirkham. W 25 by N 10-4 :». being lot
16, block 583, Scotchler Tract. Oakland; |5.
William B. Bosley to George E. Falrchlld.
lot on S line of Thirteenth street. 145 W of
Oak. W 5 by 8 1W, block 16S, Kellersberger" a
map. Oakland. $1O.
Joseph and Truey A. Zens to John H. Hopps,
lot on XE corner Oregon and Sacramento
streets. E 40 by N 135, lot 30. block 30. map
of Smith* subdivision of part of Mattaewa
tract. Berkeley: $10.
Martin Dwyer (single) to Julia T. Jennings,
lot 21. map In partition lands of Ann Dwyer.
deceased. Berkeley: $10.
Magdelena and M. Kattenbach to F. Donald
(slcgle), lot on W line Walnut avenue, 138:8
3 of Alameda avenue. S 3S by W 100, portion
lots 8 and 0 in E half block E. Pioneer Home
stead Association, Alameda: $10.
F. Donald (single) to David W. Gillison
(married), same; $lo.
Leah F. Mott (single) to Annla B. Week?.
lot on E line of Broadway, 195 :d >.' of Santa
Clara avenue, N 50 by E 20*. lot 6. block 5,
map part Hays and Caperton property, Ala
meda; $10.
Fred W. and Mabel Hambeltoa to Edward
P. Flint, lot on SE line of Fairmount avenue.
3." KE of Stanley place. SE 104.95. XK 32. BO.
NW 115. SW S2.5O. portion of lots 1 and 2.
block C, map of resubdivlslon of blocka C anj
D, Flint Tract. Oakland; $10.
Annie Sullivan to John Desmond, lot on N
line of Lydia street, 75 W of Curtis. W 25 by
N 80:4, portion of lots A and 10, block H. Cur
tis A William Tract. Oakland: $1.
Karl H. Nickel to Holcomb Land Company,
lot on N line of Oakland avenue (or Seventh
street), 155:7*4 E of Cedar street. E 25 by N"
100 :4£. lot 12. block 37. land on Oaklanu
Point Railroad Ferry Landing, etc., Oakland;
$10.
Earl P. Jackson to A. W. Johnson, all In
terest, being an undivided one-tenth Interest
In lot on E line of Majmolla street, 106:4 N
of West Third. M 75 by E 128:3. lots 11 to Z31
block 477. map Xo. 2, Biiggs Tract. Oakland:
also lot on S line of Short street. 80:7^ E oJ
Cedar. E 25 by S 10O:4 *i. lot 25, block 3B.
Harris man of Land of Oakland Point (Rail
road Ferry Landing) Tract 4Ot$, Oakland; also
all interest in personal property acquired by
grantor under decree of distribution of estata
of Francis H. Page. 26,849, San Francisco.
Oakland; $10.
Flora B. Phellenlac* to sajne, all Interest,
being an undivided one-tenth Interest in sam*.
Oakland; ?1O.
Leila K. Burjfss to same, same. Oakland; $1.
SATURDAY. MAY 21
Alameda Cotmty.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLANP, May 22. — Mrs. Louise
Menges, widow of the late Adam
Menges and one of the best known
women of the Oakland German colony,
died to-day at the ripe age of 84 years.
The funeral will take place Wednes
day morning at the Oakland Crema
tory. She was -a native of Germany,
but had lived In this city for many
years.*. _V.<
. Mrs. Eleanor T. Hemenway, widow
of the late Sylvester Hemenway, died
this morning at her residence, 665
Eighteenth street, at the age of 76
years. She leaves one daughter. The
funeral will take, place Tuesday after
noon from her home.
Oakland Deaths.
OAKLAND, May 22. — Friends of
Archie Jeffreys, an Iron molder of San
Francisco, who disappeared a month
ago from the Receiving Hospital in
this city under peculiar circumstances,
fear that his body Is the one found
Thursday on the Peter Thompson i
ranch near Lafayette.
Efforts will be made at once to de
termine definitely whether the decom
posed remains at the Morgue at Mar
tinez can be identified. The body was
found lying on the ground with a rifle
near it and In such a position as to in
dicate that the weapon had either
been used for suicide or had been
accidentally discharged. Jeffreys came
to Oakland four weeks ago and cut
his throat in an attempt to commit
suicide.
The wound was merely superficial.
After it was dressed at the Receiving
Hospital Jeffreys was put to bed. He
appeared to be slightly demented. In
the night time he left the Institution
and has not been seen by his friends
to this day. Members of the Order of
Odd Fellows have taken charge of the
inquiry. r -'A/' ; ;. .-;¦
Friends of Missing Iron 3Iolder of
Opinion That Remains Found Near
Lafayette Are His.
FEAR UNIDENTIFIED BODY
MAY BE THAT OF JEFFREYS
The Realty, Bond and Finance
Company reports an excellent week
and many sales of residence property,
and J. H. Macdonald & Co. report
many inquiries for improved and un
improved property in Berkeley and
Alameda, as well as in Oakland.
Conditions in Fruitvale real estate are bet
ter than they have ever been before, and tnli
year will see a larger growth in this part
of Alameda County than has ever before been
known The increase of railroad facilities
with this point has resulted already In an
Increased demand for homes, and many of
the homeseekers are securing property in this
vicinity. The improvement of Oakland s water
front and the consequent increase in business
will also prove a good thing for the real
estate business in general, and there is no
doubt that Fruitvale will receive Its full share
of the general prosperity.
The resource* of this city have almoat treb
led within the last two years and prospective
Investors and owners of real estate In Oalc
land feel confident that the present values are
•ecure from the fluctuations so often noticeable
in other cities. Teople outside of Oakland are
beginning to notice, and to talk about this
city, and tht» in turn is attracUmr new capi
tal and new people. This condition Is one
that affords the greatest possible satisfaction
to Property owners and real estate dealers
alike for it proves that outsiders are waking
up to the Possibilities of Oakland real estate
as an investment, and also that the people
of Oakland are awakenins to the Importance
of. their home city.
W. E. Rudell, a prominent dealer
In Fruitvale real estate, said to-day:
Local real estate dealers are well
satisfied with the condition of the
market and expect the year to be one
of the best in the history of Oakland.
William J. Laymance of the Laymance
Real Estate Company says:
DEALERS ARE SATISFIED.
The most important of these new
structures is the # four-story brick
building which is" to be erected on
the northwest corner of Twelfth and
Harrison streets, on the site of the
old Club stables. The lower floor of
this building will be devoted to stores
and the three upper floors will be oc
cupied by the Polytechnic Business
College. The dimensions of this new
structure will be 95x95 feet. The
work of excavating for the founda
tions has already been commenced.
Another project which is of great
importance to this city is the proposed
erection of a large tourist hotel at
the corner of Twentieth street and Tele
graph avenue. Plans for the building
have been submitted to the Oakland
Board of Trade by Mrs. Isabella Rich
ards, who proposes to build the hotel,
and the approval of the board ia re
quested for the proposition. The
property on which it is proposed to
erect the hotel is 200 feet square and
is owned Jointly by Dr. W. D. Hunt
ington and Dr. R. T. Stratton.
Several other new buildings are in
course of construction in other parts
of the city and among them are two
which are being erected at Twenty
third avenue by the California Bank,
and a number of homes which are to
be put up on the tract at the head of
Twenty-third avenue, which is owned
by the heirs of Mrs. Sarah Wakefleld.
The Oakland Water Front Company
is bulkheading a portion of its prop
erty at the west of the entrance to
Lake Merritt, preparatory to filling It
In as a site for factories and manu
facturing plants." The Increasing de
mands for sites of this kind make it
imperative that more space be secured
at an early date.
A steady, healthy activity in Oak
land real estate has marked the last
week, and from the reports of dealers
in Alameda, Fruitvale and Berkeley
the same conditions have prevailed in
those places. The summer market
has now fairly opened and everything
indicates that, while there is in no
sense a boom, this year will be one
of the best ever known in the history
of the city.
The next three months will witness
a great change in the business portion
of the city and where at present the
commercial center is practically con
fined within the district bounded by
Seventh and Fourteenth and Franklin
and Clay streets, by the end of Sep
tember several large business struc
tures will be erected or in course of
erection well outside these limits.
SOME NEW BUILDINGS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 22.
NEW HOTEL PROPOSED
Board of Trade Is Asked
to Approve Plans for a
Large Tourist Hostelry
Oakland Real Estate Men
Think Present Year Will
Be an Unusually Good One
SUMMER MARKET
OPENS STRONG
Miss Ruth Kewnlg and her sister-in
law, Mrs. Lizzie Kewnig, fought a" des
perate battle ' yesterday afternoon at
their , residence on Prospect avenue.
Officers Folsom and Hill arrested the
women and- took them to the Seven
teenth-street station. They were re
leased on ball. -f t ?
Women Fight Desperate Battle.
OAKLAND, May. 22. — The voters of
Alameda County are registering so
slowly that County Clerk J. P. Cook
has visited every section of the county
with a force of -deputies for the pur
pose of giving those who live in the
interior a chance to get on the Great
Register without being compelled to
come to the county seat. This has
proved a help to those living In the
interior, but even with all of this work
only about 60 per cent of the voters
in the interior have registered, while
in Oakland less than 20 per cent have
placed their names so that they can
vote this fall.
The last Great Register has been
canceled and every one who wishes
to vote this fall will have to take the
oath anew before, a Deputy County
Clerk. Mr. Cook announces that he
will mail a notice to every voter, in
the canceled Great Register, and, be
ginning with June 15, the County
Clerk's offlce "will be kept open every
evening from 7 until 9 o'clock.
County Clerk J. P. Cook Makes a
Tour of the County to Stir
Them Up.
VOTERS ARE REGISTERING
VERY SLOWLY THIS YEAR
LIVERMORE, May 22.— This town
will be the center of a great celebration
of the Fourth of July, in which all of
Livermore Valley will take part. The
Board of Trustees, augmented by a
committee of citizens, has taken the
arrangements in hand, and the pre
liminary outline foreshadows' a splendid
observance of the national holiday.
Business men In large numbers have
taken hold. At their meeting last
week, with Thomas Knox as chairman
and James W. Clarke secretary, a com
mittee of three, composed of George
Beck, W. H. Wright" and Frank Fen
non, was named to canvass for sub
scriptions. At the outset $572 was
raised. This, with assurances of at
least as much more, impelled the com
mittee to organize for a celebration.
The general committee on arrange
ments is composed of Thomas Knox,
chairman; James -W. Clarke, secretary;
D. McDonald, D. J. Murphy, F. Mathle
sen, Theodore Gorner and William
Lowenthal. Money will be raised for a
flag pole fund.
Trustees and Business Men Unite for
Success of a Grand Celebration
of National Holiday.
MVERMORE PLANS BIG
DAY OX THE FOURTH.
OAKLAND, Mav 22.— Four batteries
of artillery and three companies of in
fantry of the National Guard of Cali
fornia spent last night and to-day in
camp at Trestle Glen, in East Oakland,
and the routine of the day was the
same as that in time of war, including
guard mount this morning at 8 o'clock
and dress parade this afternoon at 2:30.
The organizations which took part in
the encampment were Batteries A, B,
C and D of the First Artillery of San
Francisco and Companies A and F of
Oakland and G of Alameda, these be
ing a part of the Fifth Regiment of
Infantry.
There were about 300 men in camp,
none of the companies being complete.
The men left Oakland at 10 o'clock last
night in heavy marching order, carry
ing shelter tents and blankets, as well
as cooking utensils and one day's ra
tions. On reaching the Glen the tents
were pitched and guard posts estab
lished and a few moments later the
command was in regular war time
bivouac.
This morning reveille called the men
out at &:45 and the rest of the day was
spent in drill and the ojntertalnment\ of
visitors. The afternoon was enlivened
by a band concert. Camp was broken
at 4 o'clock this afternoon and by 4:15
the guardsmen, headed by the band,
were marching out of the Glen.
A feature of the camp was a fully
equipped hospital tent in charge of the
Hospital Corps.
• The men were commanded by Major
Poulter of the Fifth Regiment.. The
company officers were: Captain W. S.
Grollon, commanding Battery B; Cap
tain George Petty, commanding Bat
tery C; Captain F. V. Kusling. com
manding Battery D; Captain Edward
Hunt, commanding Company A; Cap
tain George W. Wethern, commanding
Company F, and Captain J. W. Gillog
ly, commanding Company G.
The troops were accompanied by the
Second Artillery band of twenty-two
pieces.
Bishop William Ford Nichols de
livered the anniversary sermon at the
Cathedral Mission,. Second street, yes
terday morning- The day marked the
tenth anniversary of the founding 1 of
the mission and, -there was a larg-e
"attendance at the religious exercises.
After the service the congregation
went through the social rooms, which
is a distinguishing feature of the
Cathedral Mission. The church was
beautifully decorated with flowers and
the full choir was in attendance at
morning and evening services.
Observe Anniversary.
Civic Improvement Club Meeting:.
*
OAKLAND, May 22.—The Woman's
Civic Improvement Club will hold a
meeting on Monday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the Chabot Observatory
HalL
A pretty feature of the commencement ex
ercises at Miss Head's school this week was
the battle of flowers by the graduates and the
other students in the school. Thousands of
blossoms were banked high In strategic and
objective points and these served to bombard
every one who passed. The class tree was
planted by Miss Leslie Da**ett and the com
mencement address was delivered by the
Riffht Rev. William Ford Nlcols. Diplomas
were . granted to the following named young
ladles: The Misses Alice Andrews. Elsa
Schilling. Leslie Daggett. Minnie Gardner,
Imogen* Hoska, Mary Ingram. Katrlna
Kron. Gladys Weeks. Emmeline Nlelson. Julia
Phillips. Theo Barr. Beatrice Simpson, Mildred
Stewart. Dorothea Van Orden and Georgia.
Wlntringbam. ."
Mr. and Mrs. George Morton Robertson an
nounce the engagement of their daughter.
Miss Ethel Robertson, to Hyer Whiting of
1'er.facola, Fla. The interesting news was
Ziven out at a small gathering of friends at
the Robertson home on Hawthorne terrace this
afternoon.
BERKELET, May 22.— College society will
be greatly Interested In the announcement that
has just been made of the engagement of
Miss Inez Shippee of Berkeley and Francis
Damm of San Francisco. Miss Shippee waa
graduated from the university with the class
of '02 and Is a member of the Gamma Phi
Beta. Sorority. Mr. Damm took his degree
trom the university in 1896 and after a course
spent at the Hastings Law School entered upon,
the practice of the law, in which he has been
very successful. The wedding will be cele
brated In June.
A very pretty wedding was that of Miss Flor
ence Phillips anfl George W. Avan. which took
place at the Elsbth-avenue M. E. Church in
Kaet Oakland last Wednesday evening, the
Rev. O. E. Hotle officiating. The church was
prettily decorated and well crowded with
friends of the family. The bride looked beau
tiful in a gown of white crepe de chine over
white taffeta. The bridesmaid, who Is twin
f Uter of the groom, was dressed in pale green
silk mull over green taffeta. Dorothy Faunt,
who was the little flower girl. looked very
sweet in a simple dress of Persian lawn. Mr.
Wilson, who was the popular first mate of the
steajner Colon, that was wrecked down the
coast, acted as best man. After the ceremony
a reception was held at the home of the
bride. A wedding cupper wae served, after
which the happy couple departed on their wed
ding trip. On their return they will reside
In East Oakland.
OAKLAND, May 22. — Granvllle Dexter "War
ren was the guest of honor at a dinner at the
Hotel Mfctropole Saturday evening, the 14th
Inst. An excellent dinner wa* Interspersed
and followed by eparkllng; repartee and witty
toasts and all bore testimony to the popularity
of the gruest of honor. A unique and very
tntertalning feature of the occasion was fur
nished by Harry Warren, the well-known
caricaturist, brother of Granville Warren. In
the shape of a dinner card embellished with
wonderfully clever caricatures of the guests..
The following are the gentlemen that assem
bled to do honor to their guest: Lee S. Gris
wold. L. C. Leet, Arthur Corder. R. H. E.
Espey. Frank Dingley, W. H. Wakefleld, Sam
uel I>nnetU. Harry W. Keller, Ben Heath. E.
T. Thureton Jr., George Mason, Robert Mc-
Mullan. Arnold Hunter and Bryan Bradley.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Livermore Parishioner* of the Rev.
' Patrick rower. Give- Testimony of
Their Affectionate Regard.
LIVERMORE. May 22.— The twenty
*fth anniversary of the pastorate of the
Rev. Patrick Power of St. Michael's
Church was celebrated Thursday by the
parishioners with much rejoicing. Many
* clergymen from other cities of Ala
meda County find from Sa-n Francisco
attended the various functions, relig
* ious and secular, that marked the day.
In the morning high mass was cele
brated at the "church. The officiating
clergymen were: Father. Power, cele
* brant; Father Lynch, deacon; Father
O'Ryan, sub-deacon; Father Coyle,
master of ceremonies.' The music was
by a. choir composed. of Miss Kate Mc-
Keany, soprano; Mrs. L. A. Leonhart,
• alto; A. Tisset, tenor; Fignor Dominico
Bcrghese, basso, and Mrs. D. Geukers.
organist. The Rev. P. C Yorke
preached the sermon. Following the
pervices a banquet in honor of Father
Power was served at St. Michael's Hall.
¦During the afternoon an entertain
ment was held at Sweeney Opera
house. M. C. Callaghan, past president
of the Youns Men's Institute, was
* chairman The Elks' quartet, com
posed of Charles Learn, Everett Dow
dle. Frank Ay res and Charles Hart,
gave numbers, as did Signor Borghese.
* . On behalf of the parishioners Father
Yorke made a presentation of a purse
« yf gold to Father Power in token of
affection and appreciation of the
priest's quarter-centenary in the ser
vice .of religion. Father Power made
feeding- response, expressive of his grat
itude for the exhibition of good will.
CELEBRATE A PRIEST'S
QUARTER CENTENARY.
ALAMEDA. May 22.— Hans P. Nell
son and his daughter, Augusta, of this
city while climbing the Redwood Can
yon road in an automobile this morn
ing were toppled over a steep gulch
through the breaking down and back
ing uo of the machine.
Miss Neilson landed on a shelf in the
bank ten feet below the road, and her
father was hurled forty feet farther to
ward .the bottom of the canyon. He
Vent over with the machine, and how
he was not killed he is unable to ex
plain. After turning two somersaults
in the automobile Neilson brought up
against a wire fence, which cut into \
his right shoulder and loft leg and pre
vented him being precipitated fifty feet
more over a sheer brink. The machin
ery of the automobile continued to run
"after capsizing and wrecked the vehicle
so that it will practically have to be
rebuilt.
Miss Ncilson escaped with a few
bruises, and her father attributes this
'to the presence of mind displayed by
the young woman when the automobile
became unmanageable and started to
back x>ver the precipice. " Just as the
machine reached the edge of the em
bankment Miss Neilson jumped from |
the seat. She quickly recovered herself
and bravely went down into the gulch
to the assistance of her father. He was
junable to move for a time, but soon re
covered from the shock and made his
way up the incline to the road. Several
farmers living near by were notified of
the accident, and after providing for
Neilson and his daughter pulled the
demolished automobile out of the gulch
and loaded it on a wagon. In relating
his experience Neilson said:
My ilau^htpr and I started from Alameda In
my 'automobile, which is a light machine cf
five horsepower. \\> intended to go over Into
lU'dwood Canyon, whrre I was to repair a
.Kieam enjrine. We tcok the Redwood road
."nnd were goin* alone well until we passed the
Uc^hmer place, back of Laundry farm, and
struck what is known as the "Clue road."
There is u. very euep grade there and the
road Is narrow. The automobile slowed down
considerable, but It se*m«i that it would be
s-tronir enough to clior.b the Incline. As we
near»-<l the top the acentric slipped and the
•machine befraii to run backward. I applied
th«- brake, but this would not hold. 1 then
«>n^-:avore«i to =t?er ihe marhlne Into the bank,
but could not control it. When I Faff that the
automobile was certain to plunge over the
grade I ordered my daughter to jump. I
staxed with the automobile, and together we
tarried ovt twice U-fore coming to a stop
flay fert dewn the canyon. I could hear and
!»ri the machinery buzzing around me, and
feared there would be an txplosion.
V.Tien the machinery stopped running, after
rlprlne it« insides out. I polled myself clear
or the wreckage. I wa* then lying a*?alnst a
I »rb-w ire f .nee and the barbs had cut through
my heavy suit and into my right arm. My
light leg vras also injured and it was only
with th<? h*lp of my daughter that I managed
to reach t*e road. Had the eccentric not
•¦lipped I do not think the accident would
have happened, a* I ara satisfied that the
automobile wag powerful enough to have
<-l!mbed to the top of the grade.
Neilson is a machinist with a shop
here, and is regarded as an expert me
chanic.
The Rev. A. K. Murphy of Ohio
preached to-day at Golden Gate Baptist
Church.
The Rev. Owen Hotle, pastor of the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Church, gave
a discourse this evening on the work of
the General Conference touching
amusements.
The Rev. W. M. Jones of Spokane oc
cupied the pulpit -to-day at the First
Unitarian Church.
During the summer months a vesper
service between 5 and 6 o'clock in the
afternoons will be held in place of the
Sunday evening services at Trinity
Episcopal Church.
The Rev. Robert Whitaker, pastor of
the Twenty-thlrd-avenue Baptist
Church, gave a discourse this evening
on "The Better Side of Unitarianism."
The Rev. H. W. Davis of the San
Francisco Young Men's Christian As
sociation preached to-day at the Tenth
avenue Baptist Church.
Dr. P. A. Baker peached this evening
at the First Presbyterian Church.
The Rev. William M. Brooks, D. D.,
preached to-day from the pulpit of his
son, the Rev. Raymond C. Brooks, pas
tor of Pilgrim Congregational Church.
The Rev. J. O. Wilson, D. D., of New
York, a delegate to the Methodist Gen
eral Conference at Los Angeles,
preached this morning at the First
Methodist Church.
Special meetings for children will be
held on Monday, Wednesday and Fri
day afternoons. I. N. Halliday will give
a blackboard talk Monday afternoon.
Wednesday afternoon pupils from the
Occidental Chinese Home of San Fran
cisco are expected to take part in the
programme. H. H. Gribben will give a
phonograph entertainment on Friday
afternoon. Mothers' meetings will be
held on Tuesday and Thursday after
noons.
A men's meeting was held this after
noon. Professor Frank Dlckson sang
'The Holy City" to-night, with an il
lustrated accompaniment.
Tent meetings at West Oakland will
be conducted during this week in con
nection with the house-to-house can
vass which is being conducted by the
pastors of the West Oakland evan
gelical churches. Last week the Rev.
Dwight E. Potter, pastor of the Union
street Presbyterian Church, and the
Rev. M. Slaughter, pastor of Calvary
Baptist Church, addressed the evening
meetings. The stereopticon views used
by the Rev. W. J. Speers were of much
service.
The New Era Club of the First Meth
odist Church has invited all of the
men's clubs in the churches of Oakland
to attend a meeting on Tuesday even
ing at the First Methodist 'Church,
when two prominent Eastern church
men will deliver addresses on the gen
eral subject of the relation of men in
the churches to civic affairs. The speak
ers will be the Rev. P. A. Baker, D. D.,
of Washington. D. C. and Judge Yv\ II.
Anderson uf Chicago. Topics in which
the Oakland Common Good Alliance is
interested will be discussed. During
the evening there will be mus=ic by the
Young Men's Christian Association or
chestra. .
Oakland Offlce San Francisco'Call,
111S Broadway, May 22.
3Iachine Becomes Unman
ageable and Plunges to the
Bottom of Deep Canyon
Pastors' Campaign at West
Oakland to Continue With
New Programme for W r eek
BREAKS DOWN ON GRADE
TENT' SERVICES GO ON
Leaders in Keligious Club
Affairs to Address Union
Meeting of Organizations
Hans P. Neilson and His
Daughter Augusta Nar
rowly Escape Death
OVER A BANK
IN AUTOMOBILE
WILL LISTEN
TO CHURCHMEN
MONTROSE, Colo.. May 22.— A. J. " -Walker
and his wife, an aged couple living on a ranch
near here, were fatally ' Injured in a runaway
accident on a road leading Into the city to-day.
The horse they , were driving became fright
ened and overturned the buggy, throwing the
occupants Into an Irrigating ditch. Walker's
skull was crushed | and Mra. Walker's skull
fractured./ , ,
Aged Couple Fatally Hurt.
WASHINGTON, May 22.— The De
partment of Agriculture has issued a
report on "The Nation's Farm Sur
plus," prepared by George K. Holmes,
chief of the division of foreign markets.
It gives $4,500,000,000 as a conservative
estimate of the value of the farm pro
ducts of this country not fed to live
stock in 1903, on the basis of the cen
sus valuation. The value of the ex
ported farm products of this country
was in 1903 5878,479,451, and the highest
value reached during the last eleven
years was $951,628,331 in 1901, due
chiefly to cotton. The value of , the
exported farm products of this coun
try is concentrated mostly in a few
principal products. Of it in 1903 cot
ton constituted 36 per cent, grain and
grain products 25 per cent, meat and
meat products and live animals 24 per
cent, these products equaling over 85
per cent of the exports of farm pro
ducts last year.
Adding tobacco, whose exports were
valued at over $35,000,000, oil cake and
oil cake meal. $19,839,279, fruits and
nuts . over $18,000,000, and vegetable oils
over $16,000,000, gives a total of eight
classes of products, each with an ex
port value of over $10,000,000, that com
prise almost; 96 per cent of the, farm
exports of 1903.
The fraction of the wheat crop ex-
Department of Agriculture
Prepares Report on the
Excess of Year's Products
ported in the last dozen years has been
about 31 to 41 per cent, and the ex
ported wheat and wheat flour have
yearly averaged somewhat more than
200,000,000 bushels since 1897.
Only a small portion of the corn crop
is exported, as corn, the highest per
centage, 1J. per cent, being for 1898.
Notwithstanding the small percentage,
the exported bushels reach 100,000,000 to
200.000,000. The beef exports weighed
385,000,000, pork exports 551,000,000, lard
exports weighed 490,000,000, oleo oil ex
ports 126,000,000 pounds and tobacco
368,000,000. Butter and cheese exports
have decidedly declined within two or
three years. —
Taking up the destinations of the sur
plus, the report says the United King
dom takes about one-half, Germany
about one-sixth and France, the
Netherlands, Belgium, Canada and
Italy from 3 to 5 per cent each.
To-morrow morning 1 the glee club of
the University of California will start
on its 5000-mile tour of the East, plans
for which have been maturing for a
week. "With but one exception this is
the longest trip ever undertaken by a
college glee club, the exception being
the Yale club that came to California
several years ago.
A special car will take the college
singers over the route. They will leave
early on Monday morning on a Santa
Fe train for the south. Four Southern,
California towns will be visited before
the singers leave the State. The itin
erary includes visits to Arizona, New
Mexico. Colorado and then in places
eastward on the way to Chicago. From
Chicago they will go to St. Louis, where
a series of concerts will be given in the
California State building at the World's
Fair under the auspices of the Califor
nia Promotion Committee. The entire
trip will occupy six weeks. The club
will be composed of the following: First
tenors— Charles Elston, Russell McCo
mas, Nathaniel Eddy, James Rhea and
A. S. WIester; second tenors — Fred L.
Johnstone, Hubert Baugh, Ray Cohen
and Warren Allen: first bassos— R. A.
Waring, J. I* Dobbins, Eugene Steb
inger and Raymond Squires; second
bassos— F. H. McConnell. Thomas Am
brose, Frank Robinson and Walter
Gabriel.
The mandolin club, which will assist
the glee club, will be composed of three
members of the glee club — Squires, Ga
briel and Robinson. The other mem
bers are A. W. Black, A. R. Traphagen,
Lester Steinfeld, W. A. Wilcox, F. E.
Kilgore, Matthew Reese and J. A. Po
helm.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, May 22.
FOUR BILLION
SURPLUS VALIE
The body was taken in charge by the
Coroner. Paris was 62 years old, a na
tive of France and was a widower.
He resided with a daughter, Mrs.
Croon, at 1571 Filbert street.
Eugene Paris, an aged winemaker
formerly of Livermore, died at the Re
ceiving Hospital at 4 o'clock this morn
ing; from injuries he sustained by being
struck by a Seventh-street local train
last night at the Webster-street cross
ing.
The old man was walking across the
him. Paris acted as if he did not see
or hear the, puff ing locomotive.
At the hospital, where the injured
man was speedily removed, his injuries
were examined by Dr. Emerson and
pronounced fatal. Besides fractures of
three ribs, right arm and right leg
with a dislocation of the right shoulder
there were internal injuries which
must have ended the sufferer's life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 22.
3Ian Who Was Struck by a
Train on Seventh Street
Tracks Dies at Hospital
College Singers to Represent
the University of Cali
fornia at St. Louis Fair
GLEE CLUB MEN
GOING TO EAST
DEATH FOLLOWS
ENGINE'S BLOW
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1904.
Second Artillery Band Accompanies Soldiers and the Hospital Corps
Carries Tents Fully Equipped— Visitors Are Entertained by Drill
While Militia Are Put Through the Same Routine as in War
NATIONAL GUARD WELCOMES
PLEASURE AT TRESTLE GLEN
4
On June 1st the Oakland
agency and news headquarters
of this paper will be removed
from 1118 Broadway to 1016
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
CALL AGENCY REMOVAL
NOTICE.
OAKLAND.
JUS Broadway.
Telephone 3Iain 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center StreeC
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA-
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4503.
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
BRANCH OFFICES
ADVEBTTSE3£E1»TS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach trouble-*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
t$ t 1f
This scientific germicide fe abso-
lutely harm less : it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trialsize,
Sl.OO, at druggists or by mail, from
61OPrrDC«5t. - - NewYoriv
Send/or BooUet Eorato Trtat JHteiuea.
KEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
» A POSSXBXUTT
That Became a Pact and Pleases Many
Feopl*.
A. R. Le*is. M. D., in a lengthy article
5n the columns of the American Journal
¦ of Health, says concerning hair: "Its
deterioration Js a constant source of wor-
rtment to humanity, consequently Jjald
people are readily deceived by 'fake'
hair restoratives. The wish that a hair
preparation will fill the bill' is father
to the fancy that it is likely to do so.
A rare case in point is that of New-
bro's Herpicide. which actually does *flll
the bill.* It destroys the parasite that
attacks the hair root and prevents dan-
druff, falling hair and baldness." Sold
by leading: druggists Send 10c in
stamp* for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich. "^
CASTOR I A
Tor Infants and Children.
He Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears th« rf-SZfT^ZTHonor llevered Priest.
The. feast of Pentacost was cele
brated with special solemnity at,. St.
Mary's (Paulist) Church yesterday at
the 10 o'clock mass. ;"--; ;
They who put pleasure first are the
last to find it. ¦ •
The detection of escaping gas in his
cellar led William C. Morrow of 1909
Vallejo street to start on an exploration
yesterday. Going into the ' cellar he
struck a match and started to examine
the pipe line. His expedition was
more successful than he expected, for
the gas found him full In the face
with a flash.
The discovery was communicated to
the Fire Department, which responded
in time to save the building from de
struction. Mr. Morrow's face was
dressed at a neighboring, drug store.
Morrow Fonnd the. Gas -Leak.
Looking is the parent of longing.
WASHINGTON. May 22. — The fol
lowing Calif ornians are registered
hf-re: At the New Willard — H. G.
Mines of Los Angeles, Mrs. John J.
Valentine of Oakland, Miss J. K.
Rianchard of San Francisco; at the
Raleigh — S. Royal Scott of San Fran
cisco.
Californians In Washington.
Lamar Sexmith, a lumberman of
Warsaw. Wis., who. with his wife, has
been visiting Southern California, Is
registered at the Palace.
J. R. Foster, proprietor of a hotel
at Marysville, arrived at the SL Fran
cis yesterday.
James D. Lacey of Chicago, one of
th^ prominent timber land agents In
this country. Is at the Palace.
Dr. B. Williams of Fresno is at the
Lick.
. G. W. Adams of Santa Cruz is at the
Grand.
Dr. C. Herrick of Jackson is at the
Grand.
Dr. C. L. McCracken of Pescadero
is at the Palace.
J. H. Budd. a wholesale lumberman
of "Chicago, is at the Palace.
W." H. Bray, a mining man of Ne
vada City, is at the Palace.
I Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwin
of Marysville is registered at the L'ck.
. R. H. Herin, a prominent oil man of
Los Angeles, is a guest the SL Fran
cis.
• Tormer State Senator A. F. Jones
and wife of Oroville are staying at the
Palace.
PERSONAL.
NEW YORK, May 22.— The United
transport Kilpatrick arrived to
day from Manila, via the Suez Canal,
with ninety-eight cabin passengers and
r.inety-three Government employes,
discharged soldiers, civilian employes
and enlisted men. She also brought
the. bodies of sixty-four soldiers who
died in the Philippines.
Transport Arrives at New York.
Home Parties.
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest J. Goggin cele
brated the first anniversary of their
wedding at their home, 62 Prosper
street, last Saturday evening. The time
was passed pleasantly with music and
games, supper being served at mid
night. Among those present were Mr.
and Mrs. W. T. Leaman, Miss Hazel
Pow. Miss Mae Garrick, Miss Maye
Sullivan, T. Sullivan, Sim Fuller and
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Goggin.
. The leap year birthday surprise party
given to Miss Nellie L. Malley at her
home, 56 Haight street, last Saturday
evening was a happy affair, and the
young lady was the recipient of many
beautiful offerings. Music, dancing and
games were indulged In. Songs were
rendered by Misses Emily Wand, Alice
Gorham and Maggie Donahoe, Mrs. Phil
Wand, T. B. Slevin, Robert Alrth and
James McCullough Sr. Piano selections
were given by Misses Emily Wand and
Lillian Carty. James McCullough Jr.
discoursed on the violin. The follow
ing were present: Mr. and Mrs. M. C.
Gorham, John Pierce, James McCul
lough Sr., George Lewis, John Malley,
John O'Brien and T. B. Slevin; Mes
dames Phil Wand. L. T. Carty and
Mary Moore; Misses Maggie and Cora
Donahoe, Stella and Lillian Carty. An
na Rykken, Emily Wand, Dolly Pierce,
Lillie Leonard, Nellie Moore and Alice
Gorham; Messrs. William Gorham,
James Graham, Percy McPartland,
Charles Murphy, Robert Alrth, W. F.
Gleeson. William Servos, George Rober
son. Edwin Campsie, James McCul
lough Jr., John Kenealy, V. Doyle,
Thomas Maloney and John Pierce.
Mrs. Clarica Lazansky (nee Hunter)
proved herself a charming hostess on
the evening of May 17 at an evening
set aside In honor of the twenty-third
anniversary of her birth. The charm
ing home, lately presented her by her
husband, was a profusion of beautiful
roses and greens. Covers were laid for
twenty-four.
Personals.
Mrs. George G. Gaul of 3009 Sacra
mento street will discontinue her day
"at home" after the end of May untjl
after the summer holidays.
"W. R. Whittier and wife, E. W. Pur
ser and William O'Connor are sojourn
ing at Gilroy Hot Springs. " •
Arthur Lee and wife, also C. Dudley
C. Steinfels and daughter Maye will
leave for the East during the early
part of June, to-be gone several months.
They will visit the St. Louis Exposi
tion and also all the large Eastern
cities. Before their return they will
visit Washington.
failed to make its contract speed, has
been taken possession of by the Navy
Department and a heavy forfeit is
due from the bondsmen of the con
tractor. The other two boats* are the
Nicholson. and O'Brien, built by Lewis
Nixon, which have remained at 98
per cent, completion since September,
1901. i\s in the caseof the Tingey,
the navy., would better not acquire
such additions of dubious value. Tears
of natural" deterioration \ increased by
lack of proper care must result i in
greatly impairing the hulls and ma
chinery, and they will -only prove ft
source ;of expense without being of
any service. ;
Trains on Carson and Colorado Railroad run
dally between Mound House and Kecler, with
out stopover at Hawthorne as. formerly. Leave
Mound House 11:00 a. rh., arrive Keeler 7:00
a.- m. - next day: leave Keeler:.7:20 p. m., ar
rive Mound House 4:45 p. m., 'connecting at
Sodaville for Tonopan. ' •
¦ ¦¦..., ' _ ¦ ¦ ¦ .1
>; w Schedule, Carson and Colorado
Railroad.
At the Resorts.
PARAISO SPRIXGS: From San Francisco —
Mrs Mathew Noonan. daughter and grandchild;
Charles E. Hart, Mrs. W. McCormlck. Miss
McCormick. Miss Emma Grenlnger, Mr. and
Mrs. Hugo' Duvoneck. Louise Duvoneck. Elso
Duvoneck. Emma Duvoneck. Dora Duvoneck.
Hans Duvoneck, Fred Cox, George S. Page and
wife, E. A. Holmes. M. L. Farley, Mr. and
Mrs F. W. Fink Mr. and Mrs. L. C Murphy
and wire, J. Sllverman, Mrs. Mary Luca, Leo
F. Volz. From San Jcse— Miss L. Miller. E.
A Grau Mrs. XV. XV. Grayson. From Ala
meda—Mrs C. H. Shattuck. From Oakland —
Miss Helen E. Jones. From Salinas — Charles
I. IModa and family. B. F. Arendt.
SWAXTON HOUSE. PESCADERO: Charles
Simmons. Santa Cruz; R. S. Love. H.
XV. Chappel and wife. Palo Alto; H. C.
Ranson. J. Martyn. Purissama; C. C. McCray,
P. K. Paul. II. Hlskins. Dave Sellg, J. Y.
Carroll. William A. White. Leslie H. Fentress.
Fred C. Peters. E. G. Moyes, B. E. Mott. A.
Brown, F. G. Schiffer. Joe P. Martin. A. W.
White George A. Blackaller, A. Harley and
wife. A Levy. W. G. Day. Miss Ada Wil
liams. Mrs. A. F. Dlxon, M. J. Bluel. J. F.
Cutshall San Francisco; Dr. H. C. Bowie, C.
Culler H. Underhlll. Cole Stafford, B. Werder.
W. S." Gilbert, C. B. Lockwood, R. E. Ehr
hart. Miss Etta M. Tllton. Charles McFadden.
Redwood City: Victor E. Armour. Chicago; T.
O. McClure. Mrs. K. L. Loomls. San Mateo: W.
S Williams Oakland; Y. H. Atkinson. Run
ning Water, S. D. ; Mark S. Gunth, Stock
ton; Walter Knight, Wayside; Mr. and Mrs.
L. R. Lenox, Palo Alto; Misses Susan and
Clarice Adams, Colma.
MARTIX HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS: From
San Francisco : P. J. Stupartch. A. J. Plsckstone.
"W. H. Cameron and wife. Mr. and Mm. H.
F. Mann. O. 11. Schons. Preston Morris, Grace
Pcheffler E. K. Darrin, Dick Adams. Mrs.
Bahls, Mrs E. Hassler, Ira G. Betts. Colonel
Brady, Mr. and Mrs. Sol Levin. Edith Baker.
II H. Bernstein, Charles Harris, A. Thomas.
Sam Bosevantry, Lazar C. Churlch, Mrs. Dr.
Anthony, A. A. Palmer. XV. E. Lee, E. A.
M. Owens. James Nolan, L. Alexander. Anton
Tukle. George T. McComb. Rudolph H.
Schlueter. Robert F. Gallagher. From Oak
land — Eugene Van Court and wife. Thomas
Barnes and «vtfe. From Vallejo — B. W.
Acock and wife. \V. H. Halford. From Vaca
ville — W. I. Dobbins and wife. From Napa —
C. R. Dlttmar and wife. From 1'kiah — H. H.
Elliot. C. A. Owens. From Nape — H. Moser.
T. R. Parker and wife. From Oaktand — George
P. Wlnchesta and wife.
|v . * . ¦
¦ KLAMATH SPRIXGS: From Fruitvale — A.
M. Cummlng and wife. From San Francisco —
J. Perrow. George XV. Myers, G. W. Halllday,
Mr. and Mrs. M. B. Rosenberg. S. S. Stiles.
M. A. Furst, P. Bauer. H. S. Keller. M. Pos
ner. Joe Schloss. Charles L. Levy. From Sac
ramento — W. E. Price, Fred R. Remell. J. D.
Sivlls. From Marysville — A. P. Llpp. From.
Etna — H. A. Eaton. R. Harding. From Seattle
— R. Petko\ - its. From Oakaloosa. Iowa — Mr.
and Mrs. G. W. Supencer. From Jacksonville,
Ore. — A. Learned. From Klamath Falls. Ore.
— L F. Wmtts, I. J. Strau. Mrs. X. M. Strau.
From Prlneville." Ore.— Z. M. Brown.
SIEGER HOT SPRIXGS: From San Fran
cisco — J. F. McGeough. W. S. Crandall. Mrs.
Michaels and daughter. Robert F. Gallagher.
R. H. Schleuter, George S. McComb, Marie
Coan. James P. Mulhern. A. C. Lederne. Mr.
and Mrs. William Cameron, James F. Martin,
William M. Burness Georre W. Day, Frank
Darling. E. E. Conn. B. J. Ward. T. M. Gil
more. Bert Thorpe. From Stanford University
—Miss W. R. D. Randall. From Oakland— E.
E. Baxter. George T. Winchester and wife.
Miss M. Ellis. Miss A. Peterson. From Rio
Vista — Wilson Stephens. From Stockton — Dr.
E. E. Crandall and wife, Ed W. Smith.
CAMP CURRY— Miss Wentworth and Miss
Amy Wentworth. Chicago; Mr. and Mrs. John
Jay, Kokoroo, Ind.; Georce Stubley. Kate
Flemlnc. Jackson, Cal. ; George Stadler. Deldes
helm. Rheinpfalz, Germany; J. Koch. Landau.
Rhelnpfalz, Germany; Erich Koflmaher.
Vienna. Austria; Julius Wennet. San Fran
cisco; T. S. Fetter. Leon B. Garrison. Phila
delphia, Pa.; Louis J. Sawyer, Miss T.* Alice
Brown. San Francisco: Grace F. Klrkpatrick,
Palo Alto; F. May Brown, Hattle L. Brown,
San Francisco: Mrs. L. A. Tarkhurst. Clrcle
vllle, Ohio; Mrs. Mary Townsend, Brookings,
R. D.; John R. Adams. Albion. N. Y.: Benton
M. Clark, Bath, X. Y.: Mr. and Mrs. Frederick
Breaks. Emma M. Richardson. M. D.. R. I.
llalns, M. D. Camden. X. J.: L. H. White
house. Somerville, ilAss.; George K. Mathes.
Boston, Mass.; L. X. Buck. Kansas City, Mo.;
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Banner. Louis Lass,
Edward Combs. San Francisco; P. C. Knapp.
Mrs. P. C. Knapp. Marysvllle. . Cal. ; Mr. and
Mrs. R. S. Douglass. Arthur I. Douglass.
Gordon C. Douglass. Auburndale. Mass.: L. F.
Gucdet. Joseph H. Uuedet. San Francisco: Leo
A'. Xlles. C. H. Stackpole. Boston. Mass.;
Remsen S. Mills, H.-W. Sterns. Brooklyn. X. Y.;
Mr." and Mrs. Thomas Alderson. Pans. III.;
XV. T. Eustln. Marcer. Idaho; H. V. Buck. St.
Louis. Mo.: Mr. and Mm. • Frederick Hill. Will
iam Henning. Morton B. Connelly. Xew York;
A. M. Gibson. San Francisco; Mra. B. A.
Xlchola, Kast Greenwich. R. I.; Miss F. M.
Farmer. Boston, Mas*.: John Argall. San Fran
cisco; C. E. Fry. Middlesex. X. Y. : Wtlllan* J.
Le Roy. Phelps, X. Y.i E. B. Bonstell. Eureka.
Cal.: Mr. and Mrs. £>. E. Dougherty. Phila
delphia. Pa.; F". A. Hills. Oregon. III.: William
Williamson. Honolulu; Mrs. Mary McClellan.
R. B. McClellan, San Francisco;- Clifford Me-
Cl«llan, Sonora, Cal.: Mrs. «M. I* Frazer, San
Francisco; Dr. A. W. Collins. Mrs. A. W.
Collins, West Point. Cal.; F. C. Meyer. Chicago;
Xat Berge. H. A. Pless, San Francisco: C F.
Stoodley. Boston. Mass.; H. W. Hargett. Ports
mouth. Ohio: Mr. and Mrs. K. : F. Edmonds,
Meadvllle, Pa.; William J. Kennedy, Phlla-
Hon. A. F. Jones. San Francisco; Hon.
Grove Is. Johnson, Sacramento County: M.
Jongenecl. Vorden: Frank W. Johnson Marys
ville: a. Jonas. Oakland: R- P.- Jones. Mar
tinez; George H. Jackson, Yuba City; Rufua
" W. X. Btrry. Vorden; Morris Brooke, Sacra
mento: David BIrler. San Francisco; J. Dalzell
iirown, Kan Francisco; A. C Blngham, Marye
vllle; C. S. Brooks. Marysvilfc; CUne Bull,
Maryeville; C. V. Boardman. Marysville; W. A.
Beard. Sacramento;. P. V. Berky, Colusa; M.
J. iioggr. Colusa; J. W. Browning. Grand Isl
and. Cclusa; Joseph Boedefeld, Colusa: J. H.
Belsdon. Grime*; U. C. Brown. Oakland; F. P.
Bell. Knights Landing; James Bandy, Wood
land; C. W. Buth, Woodland; R. H. Beamer,
Woodland; J. £. Bush. Red Bluff; C. M. Bel
fha*, Antloch; H. F. Bude, Antloch; J. Rio
Baker. Antloch; William Buchanan, Black Dia
mond; John Bermlnfrham Jr., Pinole; Alvln
Best. Yuba City; C. R. Boyd. Yuba City; Ar
thur R. Briggs, San Francisco; Hon. C. M.
BeUnaw, San Francisco; Oakland Board ' of
Trade, committee, on - rivers and harbors; W.
E. M. Beardslcr Yolo County; A. X. Bridges,
Brentwood; R. B. Bums, San Francisco; Wil
liam H. Btatty. San Francisco; William Bab
ccck, San Francisco; Colonel ,' Bendel, San
Francisco: Anjos Brown. San Francisco; Thom
a« J. Barbour. San Francisco; Fred W. Brad
ley. San Francisco.
W. A. Curtl». Sacramento; O. Coleman, Sac
ramento; C. W. Clarke Sacramento: rtev. M.
Coleman. Marysville; H. Chelm. Marysvllle;
H. Cornforth. Maryevllle; C. J. CovIIand,
Maryeville; H. C. Coward. Oakland; George
Colby. Clarksburg; George Cornish, Clarks
burg; Harry Cowell. Perkins; Jo« Craig. Wood
land; Peter Cook. Rio Vista; General K. P.
Chipman. San Francisco; C. D. Clark. San
Francisco; Andrew Carrigan. San Francisco.
R. T. De\-lln, Sacramento; P. Drescher,
Sacramento; M. L. Durbln. Walnut Grove; M.
J. Dillman, Sacramento; Gillls Dotty. Elk
Grove; George DIUler, Butte County; C. L..
Donoho*, Willows; Russell Dunn. San Fran
cisco; Marshall Dikes, Marysville: Wallace
Dlnsmore, Marysvllle; D. P. Durst, Wheat
land; C. K. Dam. Wheatland; E. A. Davte.
Kan Francisco; J. B. de Jarnett, Colusa; John
F. Davis. San Francisco; L. L.. Bennett. Mo
desto: A. M. Drew. Fresno: F. E. Dunlap.
Stockton; Fred Dodge. Han ford; Alfred Davis,
Sycamore: W. P. Dwyer. San Francisco; A.
Dunkel, Martinez; C. H. Dunton, San Fran
cisco; W. C. Daggett. San Francisco; F. S.
Drum. San Francisco.
Albert Elkus. Sacramento County: Scott F.
Ennla, Sacramento County: P. O. Elbe. Wil
lows; Mayor George R. Eckart. Marysvllle;
Alvln Egbert. Rio Vista: E. L.. Emerson,
Brcntwood: M. D. Eaton; Mr. Elliott. Depart
ment of Agriculture.
J. W. Ferris. San Francisco; Captain J.
Rupert ' Foster,' Marysvllle; E. A. Forbes,
Marysvllle; John Fairweather. Reedley; F. W.
Farnsworth • Colusa ; John Flnnell. Tehama ;
J. C. Frank* San Francisco: I-. P. Fanner,
Tudor; Tlrey t>. Ford. San Francisco: T. C.
Friedlander. San Francisco; M. J. Fontana,
San Francisco: Charle« Fay. Kan Francisco;
C I>. Flack San Francisco; Louis H. Frank
enheimer, San Francisco; Samuel Franken
helmer, San Francisco.
Alex Gordon. Sacramento County; P. B.
Grten. Sacramento County; J. H. .GIMe Jr.,
Clarksburg: P. H. Gardiner, I«lcton: Ulmer
Green Courtland: W. R. Green. Colusa: J.
Orover Colnsa: Glon Gibson. William*: Theo
dore Gter Oakland; O. B. Green. Courtland;
T. L. Gates Vacavllle ; Charles Gordon. Brent
wood; E. D. Grigsby Brentwood; Irvln Grif
fith Sutter City: Alonzo Graffis. Yuba City;
Mark Girdner. Grimes; G. A. Guernsey, San
Francisco; J. W. Glenn. San Francisco.
B. XV. Hale. Sacramento County; F. H.
Harvey. Sacramento County; Lester J. Hlns
d&ile. Sacramento County; A. C. Hlnkson, Sac
ramento County;' P. J Harney. Sacramento
County; Charles Holllster, Courtland: A. Hen
nlng. Willow*: .George W. Harney. Maxys
vllle: P. L,. Hutchlneon Wheatland; W_ G.
Hatetead. Wheatland; L L. Hlcok. Colusa;
W. H. Hubbard Princeton; W. J. Herringer.
Clarksburg; L. s. Hlnsdaie. Clarksburg: Sam
uel Halnes Woodland; William Hoffman. By
ron: R. Harkinson. Antloch; R. K. Hansen.
Cornwall: C. A. Hooper, San Francisco; John
Herd. Kan Francisco: Vincent Hook. Mar
tlnex; W. F. Hoke, West Butte: T. B. Hall.
Yuba City; W. H. Heuer. San Francisco; L..
J. Hohl. San Francisco; John J. Hamlyn. San
Francisco; IV. P. Hammon. San Francisco;
D. C. Henry. Black Diamond: W. H Healey.
San Francisco: M. C. Harris, San Francisco;
J. M. Howell. Ban Franrlrto: Edw F Haas,
San Francisco; M. V. Hartranft San Fran
ol*co: Francis Hodgklns. San Francisco: J R.
Hlckmott. San Francisco; F. II Harvey, San
Francisco; William Hood. San Francisco
A..C. Irwln. Marysvllle; John P. Irish. San
Francisco; M. J. Ivory. Brentwood: Dr W P
InglUh. Vacavllle; John D. Isaacs, San Fran
cisco.
The country drained by and affected
by the Sacramento and San Joaquin
rivers will be largely represented at
the River Convention to open to-day
in this city at the Palace Hotel.
Among the delegates who have been
appointed are many prominent men.
As supplied by the general committee
the list Is unclassified by counties or
by bodies that are represented. The
names of those who have been request
ed to be in attendance at the delibera
tions are as follows:
C. B. Amdrose. Marysville: G. H. Abel. Max
well; G. W. Allgaicr. Coluia; G. P. Ahlf. Co
lusa; Gecrge W. Arp«r, Oakland: P. N. Ashley.
•Woodland; Hon J. P. Abbott. Antloch; Edw.
F. Adams, San Francisco; Charles S. Alken,
San Francisco; William C.- Allberger. San Fran
cisco; A. H. Ashley, San Francisco; George A.
Atherton, San Fraiicioeo.
List of Delegates Is Long,
Including Man}' Who Are
Widely Known in the State
On Saturday evening, May 14, the
Romitaa gave their ninety-seventh par
ty and also their fourth anniversary
assembly at upper Golden Gate Hall.
It was largely attended and many of
the old members of the club were pres
ent. The german, under the efficient
direction of Frederick K. Blue and the
leadership of E. D. Eddy. Vincent Hol
land, H. C. Jagger and the Misses Car
rie Strong, Mae H. Snyder and Georgia
Braun, was carried out successfully,
the figure "heart strings" being danced.
The club will meet again on Saturday
evening, June 11, giving in the mean
time a private outing to Redwood Can
yon^ near Mill Valley, on May 30, tak
lAg the 10 a. m." boat. ,
Club Parties.
RIVER PROBLEM
TO BE PROBED
WASHINGTON, May 2 :•<— Changes
r.f fourth-class postmasters — Califor
nia — Ogiiby. San Diego County, Walter
F. J. Shelley, vice James Keane, re
signed. Washington — Goshen, What
* com County, Philetus G. Cooke, vice
T. H. Burtenshaw, resigned; Tulalip,
Siiohomish County, A. A. Caisse, vice
H. Xewmark. resigned.
Orders of the War Department —
First Lieutenant F. S. Burr, Fifteenth
Infantry, will report to Lieutenant
Colonel Ed B. Pritt of the Fifteenth
Infantry, president of the examining
board convened at Ord Barracks, Mon
tf-fey. at such time as he may be re
quired by the board for examination
as fitness fpr promotion.
Washington Departments Make Sev
eral Postal Changes and Issue
Army Orders.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
P. Jennlnps, San Francisco; Ellii Johnson,
tan Francisco.
J. W. Kaerth, Colusa; P. A. Krull. Clarks
burjt: Mr. Kauffman. Cornlnfr: B. F. Keller.
Courtland; J. f. Kimball. Yuba City; W. F.
Kawell. Grimes; W. S. Killingsworth Vaca
ville; J. M. Kile. San Francisco; A. G. Keagle,
San Francisco.
H. M. La Rue, Sacramento County; W, E.
Lovd'al. Sacramento; O. A. Lovdal. Sacra
mento T. F. Laugenour. Woodland; Ed E.
Leake, Woodland; H. D. Ixiveland. San Fran
cisco; A. S. Luce, Santa Rosa: M. S. Laven
»on,. Sacramento County; William Leaman,
Clarksburg: James A. Louttlt. F. B. Lane. R.
P. Lane, Charles A. Laton. j. B. Lipplncott,
IT. S. engineer; Charles Llpman.
Samuel A. Moss, San Francisco; R. Moore,
Freeport: P. H. McGrath, Sacramento; Wil
liam McLaughlln. Sacramento; Hon. E. A-
Meister. Sacramento; Duncan MeKlnlay, Santa
Ro«a; J. A. McClurge. Willows; -E. T. Man
ivell. MaryevlUe: W. H. Moor, Merced: Wil
liam It. iloutout. Williams; L. F. Moulton,
''o'usa; B. F. Mumma, Dunnlgan: W. L.
Mumma, Dunnltran; J. J. Merkley. Broderlck;
J. McConnell, Woodland: L. R. Mead. Byron:
Roy McCabe. Brentwood: George Mlnaker,
Black Diamond: G. E. Milne. Martinez; R. \V.
McLauphltn, Tuba CTty; John Markley, Marys
ville: William H. Mills. San Francisco: H. D.
MathewF, San Jose; A. E. iluenter Lathrop:
F. B. McKevltt. Vacavllle; A. G" McAdle,
chief weather bureau; Charles "C. Moore. John
Martin, C. H. Markham. Georfre F. McXoble.
W. B. Matthews, August Muentner St.
J. H. Neff. San Francisco: E. C. Niestrath.
Ryrfe; George A. Newhall. San Francisco; N.
V. Nelpon. Marysvllle; Charles Nelson. Wocd
land; David Nason. Durmlg-an; C. H. Nelstrath.
S. W. Newell. J. C. Needham, Bartholomew
Xoyeg. . - ,
William Pringle. CourtlaniJ: .lames D. Phe
lan, San Francisco; John Parrott. San Fran
cisco; A. J. Pillsbury. Oakland; Jesse Pound
etone. Grimes;. B. G. Peart. Knights Landing:
Andrew Portman, Brentwood; A. Plumley By
ron; Frank Pierce. John M. Perry, Henry F.
Pierce, Lee A. Phillips.
W." C. Ralston, San Francisco; J. B. Rich
ardson. Oakland: A. T. J. Reynolds, Walnut
Grove; N. D. Rldeout. San Francisco: Oscar
Robinson. Coluca; T. H. Ramsey, Red Bluff;
J. W. Rodffers, Vacavllle; F. Ryan. Rio Vista;
J. E. Rodpers, Martinez; F. D. Ryan, Sacra
mento County; Mrs. Sol Runyan. Courtland:
Chester Rowell. Fresno; P. C. Rossi James
Rolph. D. S: Rosenbaum. S. V. Ryland'.
P. J. Shields. Sacramento County; H.- 1. Sey
mour. Sacramento County; T. W. Sheehan. Sac
ramento County; William Schaw, Sacramento
County; J. Stern. Rio Vista; W. J. Smith Vor
den; E, M. Sheehan. Sacramento; Georre Swan
son. Sacramento; G. W. Scribner. Clarksburg;
Thomas Stephenson, Courtland; A. W. Stuart
Courtland: G. K. Smith. Blggn; Frank J. Sulli
van. San Francisco; Thomas Sherwood. Marys
ville: J. E. Strain. Marysville: ' H.
C Stiles, Chlco; J. L. Swank. Colusa;
F. W. Schutz, Arbuckle; J. D. Sherer Ar
buckle; Trecor . Sulllnger. Grimes; Fred' Sin
clair. Oakland; Cralgfe Sharp, Oakland; A. H.
Schlueter. Oakland; J. F. W. Sohst, Oakland;
G. W. Swingle. Davlsvllle; T. C. Snyder, Brod
erlck; A. .Simpson. Tehama; George Sellers,"
Brentwood: William Shafer, Brentwood; F. J.
Stabler. Yuba City; T. L. Smith. Yuba City;
John Schlag. Yuba. City; Claus Storm. Nlco-
Iaus; L. Sammy, Meridian; Edwin Stearns.
Oakland; Harry C. Stile*. Chlco; Charles
Schrelner. Sacramento: Harry P. Stowe. San
Francisco; Frank J. Sollnsky. San Francisco;
Charles H. Spear; Andrea Sbarbaro, J. P. Sar
gent. . XV. P. Steinbeck, L. D. Smith L. D.
Storey, J. W. Snowball
Leonard Thisby, Walnut Grove; George
Thresher. Gridley, Butte County; C W.
Tuttle. Colusa; H. V. Traynham, Arbuckle;
Lloyd Tabl«r, Knights Landing: J. Thomas,
Rio Vista: V. Taylor, Byron: John Trythall,
Antloch; R. Trembath. Antloch; Louis Tarke,
West Butte: J. B. Tlsdale, Cranmore; William
Thomas; A. Thornton.
J. M. Upham. Rio Vista.
E. C. Voorhels, Henry Vail, San Francisco;
Henry Voorman. Bouldin:- C. F. Vehmeyer,
Sacramento: E. B. .Vann. Grimes: R. R. Veale,
Martinez; Ellwood Varney. Western Sutter.
Hon. Victor H. Wood*. Sacramento County: A.
F. Williams. Freeport: Jam«» Whitaker, Gait; J.
Parker Whitney. Rocklln: R. M." Welch. J. H.
Wallace, Thomas H. Williams, Luther Wagon
er. San Francisco; V. M. West. Stockton; G.
A. Ware, Williams; J. S. Wlxson. *Wllber
Walker. Oakland: W. S. Wright. Davlsville;
W. S. Wells. Martinez; B. F. Walton. Yuba
City: B. J. Wesslng. Nioolaus; C. M. Wooster,
San FVancInco: Henry West. College City;
.lohn D. W r rlghtman. Oakley. Contra Costa
County; Judge W. A. Waymlre. Paris P.
Woodward. E.A.Walcott, Hon. William J.Wynn,
E. W. K. Woods. C. K. Williams, W. H.
Wright. E. L. Wllhoit. O. Y. Woodward. C. M.
Weber, John M. Woods. R. E. Wilhoit.
Charles G. Yale, San Francisco; H. H. Yard,
Orovil:t*.
Frederick W. Zelle. San Francisco.
The marriage of Louis Moses of Pen
dleton, Or., to Miss Fannie Fleisher
took place at the residence of the
bride's mother, Mrs. E. Fleisher, 823
McAllister street, in the presence of
the relatives of the bride and a few In
vited friends. After the ceremony din
ner was served to all those present.
Rabbi Myers conducted the ceremo
nies.
Mr. and Mrs. Moses will make their
future home in Pendleton.
Wcddinjss.
The torpedo boat Tingey, the con
tract, for the building of -which was
signed October 1, 1898, has at last
been completed and accepted by the
Navy Department' The boat was to
have been completed by October,
1899, but the builders failed, and for
upward of four years no' work was
done on the boat. She was 64 per
cent completed in October, 1901, and
remained at that stage until Decem
ber, 1902, when the bondsmen for .the
defunct- firm concluded to complete
the craft. The contract price of
$168,000 would barely cover the
penalties - for ¦ non-delivery on time,
but It is not probable that the Govern
ment will depart from its usual prac
tice of remitting penalties.
There are four more torpedo boats
contracted for years ago .still incom
pleted. The Goldsborough was con
tracted for July 30. 1897, to be com
pleted January , 30, 1899. After nu
merous breakdowns of the machinery
and accidents to the boat, the builders
despaired of completing the boat and
the Government • has had the boat ' In
hand for over two years, making but
slight progress. The. unfortunate ves
sel has .remained stationary at 99 per
cent j completion "¦ since October, 1902.
The Stringham, having repeatedly
The United States collier Nanshan
has made a record in putting on board
the battleship Kentucky 1480 tons of
coal in ten hours by winch work. The
best hour's work was 187 tons, and the
coal was ' taken from the hold,
no extra preparations having been
made, such as getting, a lot on deck
in order to make a record. One and
a half hours were lost owing to an
accident to one of the men working
in the main hold. The coaling took
place in Hongkong harbor in February
last.
The Austrian battleship -. Erzherzog
Friedrich, laid down at Trieste In Jan
uary, 1902, was launched on April 30
last. She is of the same displacement
as the Oregon class In the United
States navy, a type and size which is
favored by many naval experts In pre
ference to the huge and costly battle
ships now building.. The Erzherzog
Friedrich is 390 feet 6 inches in length,
72 feet. 3 Inches breadth and, displaces
10,430 tons on" a mean draught of 24 feet
6 inches. The armament will consist
of four 9.45-inch .guns in turrets of 8.27
inches thickness; eight 7.5-inch guns in
citadel, four of these firing on line with
keel and broadside; six 5.9-inch guns in
single casements of 5.5-inch armor;
fourteen twelve pounders, twelve one
pounders, four automatic rifles and two
torpedo tubes. The 7.5-lnch guns can
fire four rounds a minute. The water
line and : citadel armor is 8.27 Inches
thick, the belt extending from forward
to after turret. Within this citadel the
protective deck is 1.97 Inches and out-'
side of the citadel 2.76 inches In thick
ness. The total weight of armor is
2922 tons, or 28 per cent of the normal
displacement. Twin screw engines anC
Yarrow boilers of 14,000 horsepower are
calculated to give a speed of 19 knots.
Three ships of this class are under
construction, the third not yet
launched, and the estimated cost of
each is about $4,500,000.
A permanent submarine depot is to
be established at Portsmouth dock
yards, the headquarters of the flotilla,
but with the increase in numbers some
will be stationed at each naval port.
Six submarine boats of improved de
sign are to be built at once for the
French navy. They are to be of 422
tons displacement, 136 feet in length
and 12 feet diameter and propelled by
twin screws. The motive power is elec
tric and explosive motor, collectively
of 600 horsepower, calculated to give a
surface speed of 12 knots. Each boat
will be fitted with six torpedo tubes.
RECORD OF A COLLIER.
Plans for two battleships are being
prepared by Philip Watts, Director of
Naval Construction in Great Britain.
It is not believed that they will be as
large as the latest ships, but that a
displacement of 15,000 tons will be
found sufficient. Their main batteries
will consist of four twelve-inch guns,
placed in pairs in twelve-inch bar
bettes, and eight 9.2-inch guns. The
armor belt is to have a maximum
thickness of eight inches, the speed is
calculated at nineteen knots and the
full coal supply 2000 tons.
The battleships Triumph and Swift
sure, recently purchased from Chile
for the British navy, have had their
trials with satisfactory results. The
speeds attained were 20.17 and 20.5
knots respectively; the horsepower ex
ceeded 14,000 and the coal consump
tion was only 1.73; pounds per unit of
horsepower an. hour. In December
last, when the ships went through
their contractors' trials, the Libertad.
now named Triumph.- made six runs
over the measured mite at 20.17 knots
and. averaged 20.12 knots during a
continuous run of six hours. Prior to
these runs the vessel steamed twenty
seven hours at a speed of 17^4 knots,
consuming 1.71 pounds of coal per
horsepower an hour. It will be noted
that the results of the builders' trials
were duplicated during the Govern
ment speed trials, and even exceeded
in the Swiftsure, which was built at
Barrow, while the Triumph was built
at Elswick. Tha total coal capacity
of these ships ia 2000 tons, sufficient
to cross the . Atlantic at a speed of
nineteen knots • and still . have a re
serve of coal. . At ten knots the radius
of. action is about 12,000 miles.
BATTLESHIPS FOR AUSTRIA.
BRITISH DIRECTOR OF NAVAL
CONSTRUCTION, WHO IS DE
SIGNING SMALLER WARSHIPS.
The marriage of Miss Edith M. Ea
ger, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. T.
Eager, to Mr. Joseph M. Argabrite of
Ventura will take place at St. Paul's
Episcopal Church on the evening of
June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. Bacon announce the en
gagement of their daughter Elsie to
George Bensen.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Powell announce
the engagement of their daughter.
Nita Farmer Powell, to Jesse .C. Green
field.
The engagement of Miss Edith
Faulds Crawford to Theodore Johnston
Ludlow has been announced. Miss
Crawford is the daughter of Mrs. John
Crawford and the late John Crawford
of Piedmont avenue, Berkeley. Mr.
Ludlow is the son of Mrs. J. P. Lud
low and the late James P. Lud
low of Seattle, Wash. Mr. Ludlow took
his B. S. degree from the University of
Washington in '97. For- several years
afterward he held a responsible posi
tion with the Northern Commercial
Company, leaving its service to take
his degree In mining in the University
of California in the class of '94.
Mrs. Louise Gleim of Norristown.Pa.,
announces the engagem nt of her
tdaughter Leontine Lone Gleim, to
George Korner Aggers of Seattle,
Wash. Miss Gleim is the granddaugh
ter of Professor T. 8. C. Lowe of Pas
adena, Cal. Mr. Agcors is the son of
George L. Aggers, president of Aggers-
Wilson Company of Seattle, and ex-
County Assessor of Arapahoe County,
Idaho.
EnjcaKements.
Mrs. E. G. Denniston, president of
Corona, entertained the club Thurs
day most delightfully at her home, 3454
Twenty-first street, from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Nearly 200 ladies thronged the house,
which was attractively decorated. Miss
Corlett contributed some readings, and
the Corona octet rendered some musical
selections. Mrs. Denniston was assisted
in receiving by Mrs. Robert Wallace,
the newly elected president, and her
sister, Mrs. J. D. Jessup, Mrs. Charles
Polonaise C minor (tThopin). Mis* Viola Tru
rnau: reading. Samantha Allen. Mr*. Gilmore;
Jndian song*. MUs Roeckel: whistling solo.
Miss Gertrude Judd: Lasca, MUi Aimee Moore;
selections from "Carmen." Miss RoecUel.
The Forum Club had a merry day
on Wednesday last, when Mrs. Thom
as Morffew' directed proceedings. As
would naturally be expected of Mrs.'
Morffew. who is a distinguished enter
tainer at her own fireside, the pro
gramme was exceptionally clever.
And a famous feature of ,the after
noon was some excellent punch —
home-made, to be sure, brewed by the
hospitable hostess of the day. •
The following programme was
given:
It is to be hoped that some of that
unprotested tax fund might be used
in carrying out the new law that cre
ated the Juvenile Court, and the com
pulsory education law with which it
is inseparable. May the club con
tinue in its good work.
vironment, the greater part of them
are saved tt/ good citizenship. And is
it not worth the effort?
Therefore a plea has gone out from
the California Club for more truant
officers, more probation officers. a
decent place to house the young of
fenders awaiting trial, a parental
home, where children of vicious sur
roundings may be placed — and then
let us wait for a few years for the
principal to bear interest. With such
men on the bench as Judge Murasky.
and such probation officers as Miss
Stebbins, with additional officers as
are now detailed for the work, the
interest will come back a thousand
fold. Fewer jails, fewer charities and
a lesser police protection would con
stitute the fund.
. Crystallization is the keynote in club
,dom as in society. Much discussion is
crowded into the few remaining club
cessions. th<? humorist notwithstanding,
and much good work is resultant. No ,
Oner phase of activity can be men
tioned than the campaign carried on
by the California Club and irther un-.
a'llied pood men and women, who have
labored earnestly in behalf of the de
pendent and delinquent children of the
city in rhe creation and maintenance
o» the Juvenile Court,
Last Tuesday Mrs. Wallace P. An
gelo read a paper before the California
t_"lub on the larr.entab;e neglect of the
Fpirit of ihe new law, exposing in
terms all too tender «.he scandalous in
difference cf the municipal depart
rnents in the housing of the little
prisoners of the Juvenile Court pending
their iria! before Judge Murasky. And
more ihar. that, in providing but two
truant officers for 65.000 children, and
.only one probation officer. Miss Londa
Ftebbins, who performs tne duties with
hcrtiic effort, is paid by a per capita
tax of the women's clubs of the city,
and is de/ing the work that should be
ehai-eU by at least two assistants. And
to the shame of San Francisco be it
said, that while there are miilions for
police protection, there is not one dol
lar* for the saving of these children
fro-m depraved and dependent lives.
In Chicago, where there \v t re but four
limes the number of children brought
before the Juvenile Court last year
: that came before Judge Murasky. there
, are }.wcnty-four regular police officers
(plain clothes men) assigned to the
service of saving ih<: tykes of the to-wn,
besides forty probation officers. Now,
"mon and women of San Francisco,
:«hat have you to say for yourselves
, fcrr permitting every city in the State
and in the country to give a decent
"attention to their youthful delinquents,
' whfle you stand idly by and await
their development into criminals and
.vagrants, fes- which negative growth
you will be called upon some day to
pay for an enlarged police force. These
Children can be saved to-day under
intelligent care and supervteion from
becoming birds of prey. Hy educating
them under fit teachers and fit en
«
The Laurel' Hall, Club distinguished
itself once more for cleverness. On
Wednesday last Mrs. Ella Sexton's
play, "Twenty Century Lady Helps,"
was presented, and truisms it
satirized were all obvious to the la
dies. The play, is: an embodiment of
clever dialogue and is quite in keeping
with the reputation of the author.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press As
sociation will meet to-day in Century
Hall for the last meeting of the club
year. In the absence- of Mrs. Pinney,
Miss Ina Coolbrith will preside. The
scuvenir magazine will be presented to
the guests and members.
The Century Club has applied to the
Superior Court for permis'sion -to issue
$5000 worth of bonds, the funds to be
used in their proposed new/ clubhouse
on Sutter street, near Franklin.
Apropos of clubhouses, the plans for
the California clubhouse are complete
and can be seen at the clubrooms.
In acknowledgment of the musical
pleasures Madame Tojetti had given
the club during the year, she was pre
sented with flowers. A pleasant recep
tion followed.
Introduction — Life and music of Hugo Wolf;
sougE. Hugo Wolf: <a) Bitterorf dm. Lager
von Akkon 11^0) .poem by Scheffel: (b) "Zur
Ruh\ Zur Run 1 '.', (To Rest). Kerner; (c) "Auf
dun Grunen Balkon" <On the Leafy Balcony),
Htyse: (d) "Er Ists's" CTls' the Spring), Mor
ike; (a) l>r Musicant (The Strolling Musl
cUn). Von Elchendorft: »b) Verbcrgenheit
(Secrecy), Mcrlke;(c) Anakreon's Grab (Ana
crc-f n'B Grave)' Goethe; (d) Verschwlegene
Li«?be (SlUnt Love), Von Elchendorff; (a) Ge
sang 'Weyla'g (Weyia'g Chant), Morike; (b)
"Auch Kle!ne Dince" (Some Little Things),
lleyse; «c) •Alle GIngen, Herz, Zur Ruh' "
(They are S»eeplr.c). Hey?e; (d) Fussrelse' (A
Walking). Mcrlke. Mme. Emilia Tojetti. Fred
Maurer Jr. pianist.
The musical section of the California
Club, Madame Tojetti leader, presented
a programme on Thursday of such
nierit as to place it among the finest
recitals given during the season. The
following numbers were heard:
Ham, Mrs. Norman Martin, Mrs. Clive
A. Brown. Mrs. George H. Fairchild
and Mrs. W. A. Ruthrauff.
BRITAIN WILL
DECREASE SIZE
OF BATTLESHIPS
LAURA] BRIDE POWERS.
Now ' is the merry wedding time.
June with its roses, its balmy days and
elysian nights, appeals to the lovers as
a fit setting for this exquisite romance,
for each pair think theirs the rarest
sort of a devotional ecstasy. And so
be it. The philosophy will come later
and if the love survives it all is well.
May those of June survive it. V<
Mrs. B. Kraft leaves to-day on a visit
to relatives at St. Albans, England. It
is possible that she will visit Berlin be- %
fore her return.
The following students were gradu
ated from St. Matthews' Military
School May 17, 1904: Ernest B. D.
Spagnola, Jackson. Cal.; H. D. Knud
sen. San Francisco; L. L>. Greenwell,
Hawaii; F. C. Smith, Pleyto, Cal.; Wil
liam Pinkerton. Monterey, Cal. .
Dr. and Mrs. Charles C. Mohun leave
Wednesday for New York and Eastern
cities. They will b<- absent six wovks.
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Morse of the
Alaska Fur Store left for an extended
trip to the East, and on their way homo
will v.sit the exposition at sit. Louis.
A jolly crowd of San Francisco boys
and £ir!s have rented a cottage at Old
Sausalito for the summer, which has
been renovated and was christened
Sunday. May 15. "The Aerie." The day
was spent in dancing, singing and boat
ing, and at 6 p. m. a delightful dinner
was served, with Miss Annie P.o«3 as
hostess, assisted .by the Misses Irene
Walsh and Belle Rennlck. Amon?
those present were the Misses Weng'jr.
Elizabeth Walsh, May Todd. Alma
Birth and Blee Smith; Messrs. George
Ohnimus, Aliste'r Ross. William Krel
ing. Frank Pope, T. Noreiga, Jame?
Ross, Harry Smith, Mrs. Ross.
Mrs. J. W. Denning and Mrs. Fred
Doherty entertained Mrs. J. W. Altken
of Re.io, Nev., at luncheon on Friday.
Mrs. M. S. Badt and children of
Wells, Nev., are here on a visit to
Mrs. Lina Badt, 1307 Gough street. Mrs.
Badt will be pleased to see her friends
the first and last Thursday of the
month during her stay.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Abraham will be
pleased to see their friends at 945 Fill
more street.
Mrs. Frank E. Mason left last
"Wednesday for a three months' trip
through the Eastern States.
Mrs. A. Hamburger and Mrs. Harry-
Marks have removed from 1455 Buch
anan street to 1939 Ellis street, and
would be pleased to see their friends.
William E. Cunningham, from Warm
Springs, is registered at Gilroy Hot
Springs for the summer.
Chief Denis Sullivan and wife are
also enjoying the pleasant weather
at Gilroy Hot Springs.
• • •
William F. Hopkins and wife will
spend the summer at Gilroy Hot
Springs.
Dean and wife, have just returned af
ter a two months' pleasant stay at Gil
roy Hot Springs.
Arrivals for the past tveek at Riverside Hotel.
Santa Cruz — Mr." and Mrs. Edward Rueb. Miss
Edna Rueb, H. O. Green and wife. Grac
Ellsworth. Chicago: J. T. Morton andl wife.
Cleveland. Ohio; £ M. Byerly and wif^.
Owasso. Mich.; Henry F. Gillig. New York;
A. C. Ritchie arid wife. Mis* Ritchie, Barnet.
Vt. : F. B. Hatfleld and family. Palma. Iowa:
Mrs. K. L. Kraker ami daughter. Rochester.
N. Y. : Louis Metzger. Walter Fox. P. J. Ryan.
R. O'Connor. Mrs. Selden C Smith and chlH.
Mr. and Mrs. 1^. P. Eaton and child. Mr. and
Mrs. C. R. Bacon and '•hlid, D. A. Whit^.
Sidney M. Van Wyck Jr.. E. M. Kildare. K.
Baker, San Francisco; W. II. Logan and fanvly.
Redding. Cal.; Mrs. I. O. McCain. Seattle.
W'a^h. : Thomas F. Faw, Los Angeles; W. E.
Hanson. Pasadena. Cal.: Mr. and Mrs. J. .V
Caley and child. Eacalon, Cal. : Mm. Slough.
Jliss Slough. I>r. Max R. Slough, Easton. Pa. :
E. Richardson. Los Gatos; A. Anderson and
wife. Nelson. Ga.; SUM A. M. Cooks. Miss C
Mytlnger, Washington. D. C. ; George W.
Klnnison and wife. Goshen. Ind. ; D. M. Kirnr
(f. S. A.). Benicia. Cal. ; R. B. Smith and
wife, Iowa City, Iowa; D. C. Ayres. Mattie W.
House O. W. Fentnn and wife. Mrs. P. A.
Miller. Mrs. B. M. Hazard. Miss Ida Hall-tt.
Mrs. "Mary K. Prise. F. J. Olmstead. Perm Tan.
N. Y. ; J. C. Wenman and wife. Galveston.
Texas; Vircent Bower". Providence, R. I.:
M. Kampf Stanford. 111.; L. E. Brown and
wl>. Miss Edith Brown. Mr3. M. H. Ander
son. Colorado Springs, Colo.: CJ. A. Senhauser
and wife. New Philadelphia. Ohio; »>. C. Hyait
and wile. Winston Hyatt. Mr». A. J. Kennard.
St. Joseph. Mo.; Mis« Flora Bradley. Mrs. H.
Fay. Santa Cruz: May Williams. Gustavis,
Ohio; Mrs. L. M. Nelaon, Grace Nelson. Spring
field. Mass.: Mabel Kinsey, Pauline Kinsey.
Clay pool. Ind.
The following are visiting at Lytton Spring*:
Mrs. L. Bertelsen, Miss Pauline Conn, Lcs
Angeles: Mr. and Mrs. E. Llchtenberg. M!s«
Helen '-•ichtenberg. Master Llchtenberg and
nurse. Mrs. E. M. Hay. Miss E. Hay. San
Francisco; Mrs. J. Schloss. M!ss Ruby Schln?.,
Mr?. M. A. Wildersin. Joseph Schloss. Ala
meda: Mrs. and Miss D. M. Maclntyre. Mon
sieur Maurice Bondaux, Edmonton, Canada: L>.
M. Heagetty, Master Dave Heagerty, Fruitvale.
r .."°.T EL DEU MONTE— Mr. and Mrs. E. M.
v < X. ' J" tr - arui Mrs - Willis Polk. William
« £• an Fr »ncisco; C. rf. 3. Miller. Mrs.
hurah M. David. F. H. David, W. D. Martin.
£ew \orjt; Mrs. l\ C. Knapp Miss Francs
Knapp. Nebraska; Mr. and AXr3. Carl Froecne.
Misa Ana Froeche. Milwaukee; Mr. and Mrs.
L i.. •,. "' MlB * Kenton Warn? Philadel
phia; Mrs. K. R. Kobertson. Miss F. German.
Miss tdita Finn. Mr. and Mrs. F. U. Clark.
k- £" "P" 3 * 1 "- Mr »n'l Mrs. J. H. Lynch. New
Jerk; H. E. O'Brlen. B. C. Clark Mr. and
Mrs C K. Ilarley. J. a. Ilothschlld. Mr. and
M ". T. H. Hill. Mrs. E. C. AlUn. Mis., Kmma
Allen, F. Woodward. San Francsisco; Mr. and
Mra J F. Gerhart. UeadlnK: Mr. an>l Mr*.
Burke Hooper. Ueaumont; ilr. and Mra C
H. Parsons. Connecticut; W. E. Bartholemew
New Jersey; Mr. and Mrs *E. O Graves Se
attle; A. I'. Burton. Erie; Mr. ami Mrs. Low
den. Belfast: Mr. and Mrs. Merrill. Miss Mer
rill. China; A. H. Atherton. Bos;on; Mr and
Mr*. Z. M. Delland. Norfolk; Mr and Mr-
H. E. Fish. Erie; W. J. Dee, Mi.«» Sawyrr.
Chicago; Mia* Dee. Detroit; P. S O'Reih.
Bernard Conaty. Worcester Mass.; Mr. anJ
Mrs. K. E. Heck. Pittsbur?. Pa.; Hev an. I
Mrs. J. Vf, Campbell. Newcastle, Pa.; Mr
and Mrs. G. B. Pulfer and Master Pulfer De
troit: \V. P. Hansrl. Putsburg; Dr. and' Mr-*.
W. R. Stephen. Pittsburg: Mr?. J. S Cook.
Iowa; Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Stonewijg New
Zealand: F. Hayden and Mrs. ilayden ' Wa! ¦
tham; Miss Written, Uurlinsamc: Mr. and
Mrs. J. Duncan. Mr. and Mri. J. O. Duncan.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Duncan. New Zealand- E J.-
Watt. H. E. Tyser, England; H. Meyer.
Ki.iueh'iu, China: Mr. and Mrs. Peters, i'htna ,
Mr. and Mrs. R. F. Ham New Jersey; Dr.
Alice M. Gcss. Miss F. A. Cowley. R. Malr
tens. Dr. and Mm. F. H. Van Tassell. San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs C. C. CurtU. Denver;
Mrs. O. H. Slmmoncls. Duluth; Mrs. E. D.
Bennett, New York; Mrs. I. 1'. Brown. Phila
delphia; Mrs. Sarah Brown Cox, Pitt?bur;c;
Mrs. L. B. Purnall. Mrs. II. P. CJoing, Misj
Fannie Prentz. Baltimore; Myron P. Brom
ley, Boston; H. Glld»-meister. Drrmen. Ger
many: Mr. and Mr?. W. F Keller. San Fran
cisco; W. C. Bliedinjr Milwaukee; Mr. and
Mrs. Frank P. Ranch. Reading. Pa.: Mrs. K.
A. Grozin. Boston; Miss E. A. Grozin, W. 1:.
Wilson. F. D James. New York; G. V. Wlnk
ler. Grand Ranida; Mr. and Mrs. Fricdlander.
New York; Charles E. little Mr. and Mr?.
T. V. Johnson. New Jersey: Mrs. J II. Price.
Mr. and Mra. J. W. Edd. Maryland: Mr. and
Mrs. N. A. Dora. Miss Ethel Dorn. San Fran
cisco; Mr. and Mrs. E. Robinson. Pennsyl
vania; Mrs. J. R. Cook.' Spokane; Mr. ani
Mra. A H. Dickey. Kansas City; Mr. and Mr*.
G. U knight. Philadelphia; Mr. and Mrs. A.
H Carpenter, Howard Carpenter Cleveland-
Mrs. C. M. Harris. Mrs. M. S. Harris, U>*
Angeles.
delphia. Pa.; Mrs. J. E Y.T.son. Miss Dorothy
JJtiswn. Alarm-da. Cal.: Mrs. I.. M. Derby.
Lleiridge. Cal.; R. B. Lherington. Mrs. R. B.
Chertn?ton, Kenwood. Cal.: Miss M. t\ Will
lams. Oakland; Mrs. J. K. Hoak. J. A. Vin
cent, s«n Krancifro.
Merrily Ring the Wedding Bells, While the Coming Month of Roses
Promises a Harvest of Bonny Brides and Tidings
of Betrothals Are Abroad in the Air.
The California Club Enters an Earnest Plea for a Better Com
pliance With the Spirit of the Juvenile Court Law,
Likewise of Compulsory Education.
CLUBDOM AND SOCIETY PREPARE FOR SUMMER VACATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY! MAY 23, 11)04.
Principally because it was the
twenty-fifth anniversary of the first
mass of the Rev. M. P. Smith, C. S. P.,
late superior of the Paulist Fathers of
the Pacific Coast, the celebrant was
Father Smith himself, who was as
sisted by the Very Rev. Father Wibert,
president of St. Patrick's Seminary at
Menlo Park, as deacon and Rev.
Father Harvey, professor at .the semi
nary, as sub-deacon.
5
\ wise Indiana physician cur^d twen-
ty years' elomach disease without any
;ti^dicin«», as his patient tells:
.*.:•;! had stomach trouble for twenty
•y^ars. tried allopathic medicines, pa-
ter:! medicines and all the simple reme-
dies suggested by my friends, but grew
norm* al! the time.
"Finally a doctor who is the most
prominent physician in this part of the
State told me medicine would do me no
good, only irritating: my stomach and
making it worse — that I must look to
diet and quit drinking coffee.
"I tried out in alarm,'Quit drinkjng
coffee! why. what will I drink?"
•• -Try PoEtum.' said the doctor. 'I
drink it and you will like it when It is
made according to directions, with
(•ream, for it is delicious and has none
Of the bad effects coffee has.'
"Well, that was two year* ago and I
am still drinking Postum. My stomach
is right again «nd I know doctor hit the
na.il on the head when he decided coffee
v.as the cause of all my trouble. I only
wish I had quit it yeans ago and drank
Postum in its place." rcame given by
Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
* Never too late to mend. Ten days
trial of Portumin place of coffee works
. venders. There's a reason.
Look in each pkg. for the famous
little book, "The Road to Wellville."
,Cur«*d a Twenty Years' Trouble With-
out Any Medicine.
CLEVER DOCTOR
POSTUM CEEEAX.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ip*C35*OCERIi:3 *^fe^
iiir r n Have taken Cur- §1
I Pi L L U tin's store next |3
m iinnr d°° r * • • ¦ • a
|| !V!l]Hr Look for some js
I! IIIW|11 - Extra Specials M
B DDHM before moving a
| nUUlfl time I
|| TEL. SOUTH 1082. p
i| 2TEW XASTISlf CODFISH.^., j
1 3 Boneless Middles. Reg. 10c. — * *M
Eg XiOG CABXXT MA.PU SYRUP. . . j
H \i-fallcm can <{|)r B
II Towle's — J10CO guarantee ror its tt
m purity. Reg. 73c. f.j
Hi PUEE LEAP TiAKT> fl
0 5-lb. can -I ."» tr H
f jj Armour's kettle rendered. Keg. 63c. H
| COLOMBO C2TXXOR TEA j
§-f pound paciar* ."Oc fcf
Li In original lead foil package. Un- I
I'l surpassed quality. Free samples al I
|S our demonstration counter. If
19 STANDARD TOMATOES ' H
|'l 4 can i 2oC I
¦ EASTEHH COSH MtttTr .^ . B
KJ 10-lb. sack 20c R
fj Gold Dn»t. Rear. 3oc. M
9 WHOM WHEAT AND OKA- 9
M EAMPLOUB 10-lb. sack j
H BBEAKPAST BACON. . . Ib. 1 .%«• !
S3 Eastern select sugar cured. K.xint f|
1 j lean. Hammond's special. Reg. 2Uc. j
a T7NCOI.OEED JAPAN TEA./.; is]
la "spider Leg." . Res. 50c. £,|
3 CAROLINA RICE... '4 lbs. 2.*»C B
fcj Extra fancy. I>a me kernels. Key. We S3
I PTTRE CALIFORNIA OBAPE H
f] BBANDY bottle «oC* 1
M Distilled at Aurora Vineyard. 8 ||
|« years old. Res. $1.-3. U
fl IMPORTED SHERRY . •""'••£ Gi
H Duff 'Gordon! family pale. Tteg. *3. 11
M ITALIAN OB PMSCH 7?B- ||
t| MOUTH bottle uOc | J
S3 Genuine «t«r>le brands. rf
I OM TOS1 . C . POS^So?^i-.o6 I
eI PriVate stock. Amber color. Rich 5|
H delirious flavor. 10 years old. Reg. flAccording to the Westminster Ga
zette, the Emperor Of Austria Is one
of the most accomplished royal lin
guists in' Europe. It is told of him that
at one of the great military reviews
he addressed five different regiments —
German, Italian, Hungarian, Bohemian
and Wallachian— each . in its own
tongue; and Hungary will never forget
how, fifty-seven years ago, the youth
ful Archduke Francis Joseph, when inr
stalling the Governor of Prest, . elec
trified his audience by addressing it in
purest . Majyyar, a tongue no > other
Two more members of the local brotherhood of burg
lars have pleaded guilty before a 'court of justice and in
due time will be punished for their crimes. They are set
ting a wholesome; example to their interesting and dan
gerous fellows. Ifc is high time that the thieving parasites
among us realized that the community is at least entitled
to their suppression after they have been caught.
. TOLL ROADS— Two Readers. City.
In the early days of San Francisco
there were toll roads leading out of the
city. When Colonel Wilson bujlt the
Mission plank road in 1S51 there was a
toll house on Mission street near Sixth,
and one near Fourteenth. The first
was to catch the teams going out to
I the Mission Dolores, and the other
j those coming in, which could have
used the _plank read as far as that
point and "turned off to the northward
and by driving through the sand in the
valleys reach Sutter and Stockton
streets. When the Folsom street road
was built, 'also running to the Mlstlon
via Folsom to Sixteenth, and out that
street to the church, there were toll
houses. There were also toll houses on
the San Bruno turnpike and on the
Ocean View road.
Totrnsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic *e-etched boxei 715 Market st #
Special information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by tt»«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cal*
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042, •
SUN IN A FOG— A. B. C. Ukiah.
Cal. The following Is given as an expla
nation why the sun appears red in a
fog: "When there is a mass of vapor
floating in the air, as in- a fog, the
orange and red rays of the light alone
are transmitted through it, and that
gives tl\p sun its red appearance when
viewed through the moisture-laden air.
All other tints are refracted and dis
persed, the atmosphere, when moist,
acting in the same manner a3 a prism.
Our Per Capita Tax.
A table has been prepared and issued
by the Department of Commerce and
Labor indicating that, despite the great
size of the appropriations, this country
is per capita more cheaply maintained
than any other in the world, with the
exception of China and India, and pos
sibly Russia. It costs, according to this,
Just $7 97 a year for each man, woman
and child in the United States to. run
the government, as against $9 80 for
Canada, $9 45 for the German empire,
?3 54 for Sweden, $10 09 for Spain, $11 45
for Portugal, $11 40 for the Netherlands,
$12 40 for Cuba. $12 68 for Argentina,
$14 27 for Austria-Hungary, $17 30 for
Paraguay, $17 40 for Belgium, $17 84 for
France, $21 39 for the United Kingdom,
537 69 for Australia and $38 38 for New
Zealand. Russia's per capita expendi
ture is approximately the same as that
of the United States.
June.
Come, with thine old-time witcheries of
life.
Oh, thou full-breasted mother, hasten
thee.
Lest on some winter-weary sense there
fall
Too late thy rose, and humming of
thy bee!
So late thou art! Through many pulsing
days
We heard thy tread in heart of earth
and tree.
And felt thy breath until each leafing
vine ¦;•'" •"¦¦
Teamed for thy - sensuous touch to
make It free.
Through barren months, all bleak and
cold and gray, '::*$ > '-
We watched, like children through the
muffled pane. . : ;
A tender signal from a beckoning hand.
But only saw frost-flowers through the
. rain.
Come, coax the shyest blossoms of the
year!
Bless us. sweet mother! Make the
palest smile,
And, with our storm-roughed cheeks
against thy breast.
Give us thy beauty for a little while.
No changelings call thee, for our hearts
are thine; i
Thou boldest that wh'lch keeps all
things in tune —
Rose i leaves and kisses, love and life's
red wine — '!
Oh, golden-hearted, peerless, perfect
June!
—Virginia- Frazer Boyle, in the Century.
THE ROSETTA STONE— Subscriber.
City. The Rosetta stone was found by
M. Boussard, a French officer of engi
neers. In 1799, in an excavation made
near Fort St. Julien, Rosetta, Egypt.
It has an inscription in three different
languages, the hieroglyphic, the de
motic and the Greek. The Importance
and value of this stone lies in the fact
that it furnished the key for the deci
phering of the Egyptian hieroglyphics.
GOOD TEMPLARS— Y.. City. If you
will look in the San Francisco direc
tory, first part, under the head of "In
dependent Order of Good Templars,"
you will find a list of the several lodges
that meet in San Francisco, together
with the time and place of meeting.
THE Los Angeles Times estimates that the value
of city property in Los Angeles has grown $20,
000,000 in the past twelve months. The figures
of the City Assessor reveal that the increase on assess
able property is $13,000,000. There were in progress on
March 1, the date when property values were reckoned,
improvements that are worth between $4,000,000 and $5,
000,000, but they were not taxed, being incomplete. The
advance in the total valuation is less than it was in the
preceding twelve months, when the figures showing the
gain were $23,000,000. The visible addition of $13,000,000
will give $180,000 more to the revenue of the city. The
Assessor finds that the slight horizontal rise in valua
tions throughout the business section is warranted by
the facts. This amounts to a gain of $2,000,000.
The bulk of the improved values is reported to be in
land subdivided and sold in city lots, together with the
improvements. In this direction the accretion of wealth
\s greater than in any previous year. Horizontal appre
ciations where there are no new improvements are few.
In 1903 there was a revaluation of nearly all the property
in the city. The; reassessment is practically confined
this year to the business district between First and Tenth
City Assessor Wismer makes a statement that shows
how sensitive realty is to improved conditions. "I have
been reliably informed," so he . tells the Los Angeles
Times, "that property near the site of the new postoffice
went from $50 a foot to $300 within twenty-four hours
after it was known where the postoffice would be lo
' cited." ¦ ¦¦'.•¦-:.
As usual the taxpayers are hoping that the larger as
sessment will bring *a lower tax rate, while, on the other
hand, the city departments are figuring what they can
do with the more bountiful supply of money in salaries
and improvements.
GROWTH OF LOS ANGELES.
QUARTZ MINING— J. W., City.
Quartz mining in California was car
ried on as earfy as 1S30. The first mill
for crushing quartz In this State was
erected in Quartzburg, Mariposa Coun
ty, in July of the year named.
'Ansivers to Queries.
A BACK DATE — A. S., City. No
vember 6, 1850, fell on a Wednesday.
Considerable agitation has been displayed in the North
west over an uprising of the Columbia River Indians, who
have begun hostilities among themselves and threaten to
carry the fight into isolated white settlements. To an
ordinary observer the situation seems to afford no oppor
tunity for trepidation. It looks as if the time had c<Jme
for the making of a few more good red men.
Broad Churchmanship.
The Rev. V. B. Carroll, a Southern
clergyman, tells the following story:
"We were driving out one Sunday from
Decatur, when we came upon a negro
with a club in his hand and a freshly
killed 'possum on his shoulder. We
stopped to examine his prize, and the
colonel said:
" *My friend, do you know It is Sun
" 'Sartin, boss.*
" 'Are you a religious man?*
" I are. I'se Jlst on my way home>
from church.'
" 'And what sort of religion have you
got that permits you to go hunting on
Sunday?* -. • _',.
" 'ReHgion? Religion?* queried the
man, as he held the 'possum up with
one hand and scratched his head with
the other. 'Does you 'spect any black
man in Alabama is gwlne to tie his
self up to any religion dat 'lows, a 'pos
sum to walk right 'cross the road ahead
of him an' git away free? No, sah! A
religion which won't bend a little when
a fat 'possum heads you off couldn't be
'stablished 'round yere by all the
preachers in the universe.' "
Friday, Thirteenth.
"Only four licensed to-day, boys,"
said Cupid .Danforth last Friday to the
newspaper men who came into his of
fice, as is their daily custom, to get the
names of those who had secured legal
permission to wed. "This is the quiet
est day I have had in the fifteen years
that I have had charge of the mar
riage license business."
"How do you account for it?" asked
the scribes.
"Just take a seat," smilingly an
swered Cupid. "It will be explained,
I am willing to wager, by the next
couple that comes in."
In less than five minutes a hand
some young girl, evidently an Ameri
can, accompanied by a good-looking,
well-dressed young fellow, entered the
office. The young man displayed none
of the bashfulness that is usually so
apparent in an applicant for a mar
riage license; neither 'did the young
lady. They were both business-like
when they approached the desk, and
they maintained that air during; the
entire time that it required to fill out
the necessary blank. They answered
Danforth's questions without any hesi
tation, and cordially thanked Cupid
when he handed the prospective
groom the paper that meant so much
to him and the young woman.
"You are not very superstitious,
I am glad to see," said Danforth, aa
he took the fee from the young man.
"How's that?" said the young fel
low. "What has superstition got to
do with a marriage license?"
"It really has nothing to do with it,"
smilingly answered Danforth, "only
there are a lot of people who would
not take out a license to get married
on Friday, the 13th." As he spoke he
pointed to a large calendar on the
wall. Sure enough, it read "Friday,
May 13."
The young man seemed to lose his
courage the moment his eyes lighted
upon the big black letters and figures.
As for the girl, she seemed Teady to
faint. For fully a minute they gazed
blankly at each other, and then the
girl managed to gasp out something
that sounded like "to-morrow." The
young fellow nodded affirmatively,
smiled a weak sort of smile, and
handed the license back to Danforth.
"It's too much for me, old man,"
he said. "I guess we'll drop in to
morrow."
Mormon Growth.
According to the Mormon authorities
upward of 2000 missionaries are con
stantly in the field, most of them young
men, and all under the supervision of
experienced leaders and directed from
headquarters established at central
points. Hardly a week passes that the
newspapers do not contain some item
concerning this invasion: Mormon eld
ers stoned in Ohio, a rich convert in
New Yo •. a new Irrigated valley
opened and settled In Wyoming, a
strong, new church organized in Illi
nois. Utah ia, of course, under Mor
mon political control, but it is not so
generally known that the Mormons
also control, or at least hold the bal
ance ot power. In Idaho, in Nevada
and possibjy In Wyoming and Colo
rado, with a strong following in Ari
zona, Washington and other States,
thus electing, or at least influencing,
not a' few United States Senators and
Representatives. Nor has the growth
of the church been confined wholly to
the United States. The Mormons ars
migrating in considerable numbers to
the newly opened Alberta country in
Canada, and they have taken up for
Irrigation considerable tracts of land
in- Mexico.— The Century.
Archduke had ever taken the trouble
to learn. They sprang from their seats,
waved their swords in a frenzy of en
thusiasm, and almost lifted the root
with thunderous shouts of "Eljen!"
The Emperor speaks both English and
French as fluently almost as his own
tongue.
Some interesting experiments have
Just been conducted at Bienne, France,
for testing the practical utility of cap
tive military balloons against infantry
or machine gun fire. The Paris corre
spondent of the Newcastle Chronicle
states that at a height of 800 yards a
few rifle volleys sufficed to shatter the
balloon, the range, it should be stated,
being known in advance. At an un
known altitude varring from 1100 to
2000 yards no fewer, than twenty-two
trial shots were needed to fix the range.
It was only the sixty-fourth volley that
hit the balloon, without, however, do
ing it any apparent damage. The ex*
periments are regarded as showing
that rifle flro Js not very effective, even
against captive balloons, at uncertain
ranges, and still less so against bal
loons that are not captive. J
The Balloon in War.
Aristocratic Dazy.
Special Corr< > »ro n< ' ence
DUBLIN. May 11.— If Davy Stephens
ever writes a book undoubtedly it will
be called "Royalties and Other Dis
'tinguished Folk Whom I Have Met."
In case cables have not reached Amer
ica of the rather considerable fuss
that has been made over Davy
Stephens since he passed his sixtieth
• > irthday. it may bo explained that he
is the ol^ newspaper seller of Kings
town Pier. Ireland, whose list of ac
quaintances made in the way of busi
ness is so extraordinary a one. Crown
• ed heads, titled aristocrats and illus
trious fommoiif-rs have joined in the
birthday congratulations that have
• reached Stephens from all over the
*orld.
Davy has been selling newspapers
*>nd periodicals for fifty-four years, the
deyth of his father before he had
reached his sixth birthday having
compelled him to make an early start
in helping support the family. Pos
sessed of unfailing pood nature and a
ready Irish wit. he soon became popu
lar with his patrons, and. as increas
ing years developM his ptnver of
humor and genial qualities he won the
• friendship of many distinguished men
nmong them. His customers, many of
v ho;n he can claim as more than ac
quaintances, have included the King,
the Emporor of Brazil, Queen Victoria,
the Prince of Wales, the Princess of
Wale?, Prince Bismarck, the Duke of
Connaught, the Duke of Clarence, the
Duke of Cambridge, the Duke and
Duchess of Teck, the Crown Prince of
Austria, the Shah of Persia. Napoleon
III. the Prince Imperial, Lord Bea
consneld. Lord Charles Beresford.
Lord Ormonde. Lord Castletown, Lord
' Duncar.non. Sir Henry Irving and a
host of other notables.
Among his most treasured souvenirs
1* a sovereign which was given him by
Queen Victoria on the occasion of her
last visit to Dublin in 1900. He first
met the late Queen, when, with the
Prince Consort, she landed at Kings
town over forty years ago, and in all
of her subsequent visits she invariably
patronized his stall and spoke some
kindly words to him. which were far
more highly prized than her liberal
payments. He first made the acquaint
ance of King Edward when he was a
very youthful Prince of Wales and has
met him bo often since and received
fo many gold coins from him that he
preserves only one as a souvenir of
their -acquaintance. The King loves a
pood joke and a good laugh and was
. invariably assured of both when, in
stepping ashore from the royal yacht,
he stopped at Davy's stall.
Of Prince Bismarck, who visited Ire
land twenty-five years ago, Davy does
not entertain particularly kindly recol
lections, for the "man of blood and
Iron" tossed him a handful of French
coppers in exchange for the newspapers
he bought, and passed grimly on his
way. Of a different sort was the un
fortunate Emperor of Brazil, who after
listening to some of Davy's funny
Btories offered him the post of court
Jester. Familiarity with statesmen en
ables him occasionally to venture on
Jokes at their expense, and he tells with
high Rlee how in the days of the Land
Leagne he frequently slipped extreme
Nationalist newspapers containing
•caricatures of Gladstone, Forster and
Balfour Into the hands of these gentle
men after they had crossed the Irish
Sea.
Sometimes Davy is called the "um
brella knight," and thereby hangs an
amusing story. He was selling news
papers one evening in the saloon of the
trail boat when she got under way
and was rounding the pier head when
he reached the deck. Not wishing to
CO to Holyhead Just then, he took a
header overboard, intending to swim
ashore. But some of the passengers
raised such a hubbub, fearing he would
l>e drowned, that a boat "was lowered
and he was unwillingly brought back
to the steamer. When he had been pro
vided with a dry outfit he set about
characteristically making the best of
the situation, and sang and danced in
the saloon for the amusement of the
dejighted company, which included the
then Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. The
latter declared he would reward Davy
•with knighthood, and Davy' obeyed
with alacrity the command to kneel.
Taking an umbrella from an adjacent
rack the Lord Lieutenant administered
a hearty whack with It across the
rtewsman's shoulders, exclaiming,
"Arise, Sir Davy!"
Stephen's news stall has long placed
him in comfortable financial circum
stances, and for the last twenty-one
3'ears he has crossed the channel regu
larly to see the Derby and exchange
greetings with some of his 'illustrious
customers. On this occasion he dis
cards his sou'wester and working out
fit for a silk hat, frock coat, white
¦waistcoat and patent leather boots. Sir
Henry Irving gave him a dinner on one
of these annual visits at which several
notables were present, and Lord Arthur
Hill introduced him to the Lord, Mayor
of London.
In a letter wishing him many happy
returns of his birthday Lord Charles
Beresford deplores the fact that they
are "both beginning to suffer from
Anno. Domini." But Davy still rises at
4 o'clock every rooming, winter and
summer alike, to meet the incoming
ronir boat. The gallant admiral he
counts amonj Ills best friends, and he
trappists in England.
When the French Government ex
pelled the little community of Trap
pist Brethren from the Abbey of Mel
leraie, near Nantes, where this rigorous
order first established itself in the
twelfth century, they involuntarily did
a good service to one of the prettiest
agricultural districts in Devonshire,
England.
It is marly two years since a band
of strange-looking, silent men, clad in
waist-girdled rabes of somber hue and
forbidding cowls, came gliding through
the quaint little market town of Kings
bridge. *
The inhabitants gazed with astonish
ment, possibly not unleavened by a
stnse of awe. The newcomers were
Roman Catholic toonks; this much they
understood. But whence did they come,
and what did they want?
Then gradually their story was
pieced together, and it became known
to the wondering yeomen and gossiping
lassies that this band of Cistercians
had come from France to settle down
in the traditional land of freedom;
that they had acquired the big estate
at Wood Barton, Lcrddiswell, with its
six hundred acres of fat soil, and that
they meant to live In this pastoral
retreat.
The Order of La Trappe is one Of the
most rigorous in the Papal faith. Its
members literally consign themselves
to a living death s</ far as communica
tion either with the outer world or
with themselves is concerned. The sol
itary exception, when they break the
mournful silenca is at the morning
Sieeting, "Memento mori!"—"Remem
ber death!"
They sleep in their own coffins upon
straw. These coffins are placed slant
wire. A Trappist monk never knows
the bliss of slumbering supine, unless
he be ill.
In the gray of the dawn they steal
forth like shadows, for manual labor
forms one of the great ethics of their
creed. A long spell of inarticulate
prayer heralds in the mute tasks of
each day. A frugal breakfast is fol
lowed by one of the sternest of the
daily obligations— each man digs one
shovelful of earth from out of his fu
ture grave.
And when the Trappist monk
breathes his last he is laid to rest in
the same robes in which he passed his
everyday life. Their habit consists of
a dull white robe or casscrck, a black
scapulary (the cowl can be pulled up
over the head), and a woolen girdle.
Yet, watching the members of this
devoted band at their toll it is impos
sible not to believe that they are -hap
py in their intense self-denial. An in
describable air of peaceful serenity
seems to rest upon the features of one
and all. They believe that the most
austere abnegation is the surest road
to eternity, and they live up to their
simple ideal earnestly, perseveringly—
but always silently.
Most usefully do they fill their place
on earth, however, despite the almost
incredible self-containment of their
lives. They not only support . them
selves by the honest sweat of their
brow, but they give abundant alms to
the poor who present themselves at the
monastery gates. Surely an order to
admire and respect by men of all creeds
are these monks of La Trappe.
The transformation they have effect
ed in their Loddiswell estate is a
source of marvel even to the sturdy
Kingsbridge husbandmen themselves.
When they took over that demesne It
was wild and neglected in the extreme.
The restoration of and additions to
the buildings will not be quite com
pleted until about July next. Mean
while the gloomy old manor now looks
like a typical monastery.
But it is mainly in the lands sur
rounding th^ir abode that these ever
silent, somber-looking men have
wrought such striking changes. No
model farm can compare with the per
fect order and high state of cultiva
tion which marks every rood of those
six hundred acres; and they have re
claimed tracts which throughout liv
ing memory have been waste and bar
ren.—London Daily Express.
AN effort is being made by some of the commercial
organizations of the West to take advantage of the
meeting this year in St. Louis of three hundred
or more conventions and induce them, if possible, to con
vene next year in some city in the West. The matter
was favorably discussed at the Trans-Mississippi Com
mercial Congress held last year in Seattle and later was
taken up by the Denver Chamber of Commerce. The
plan to unite for the -purpose has been already indorsed
by the active officers of the commercial bodies stated,
the National Irrigation Association and the heads of the
passenger departments of several Western rjfitroads.
An idea of the importance of the matter may be gained
by noting the following list of some of the meetings
that will be held this year at St. Louis: Good Roads
Congress, International Congress of Electricity, Inter
national Congress of Lawyers and Jurists, congresses on
engineering,' temperance, Sunday rest, instruction of the
deaf and an international library congress, National
Federation of. Musical Clubs, Federation of Day Nurs
eries, National Co-operative Congress, National Eclectic
Medical Association, Sons of the American Revolution,
Railway Clerks of America, Music Teachers' National
Association, American Neurological Association,. Ameri
can Congress on Tuberculosis, National Educational As
sociation, American Library Association, American
League of Civic Improvement jointly with the American
Park and Outdoor Art Association and the League of
American Municipalities. "
It is intended at all times during the existence of the
St. Louis Exposition to have a delegation of active West
ern representatives attend, every convention and advocate
the interests of some city previously decided upon and
to have all Pacific Coast and Western -cities interested
join in backing such action. It has been suggested that
to promote unity an advance conference of those cities
be held in San Francisco, and the details of a working
plan adopted.
Portland, Oregon, is particularly interested in the
movement in view of the Lewis and Clark Centennial
Exposition to be held there next year, and the Portland
Commercial Club has already engaged a manager to
work for the proposition.
The movement is a good one and the exceptional
chance offered at St. Louis for concentrated effort
should stimulate to action those cities that will profit by
it. The United States is pre-eminently a convention
country. There is a growing recognition here of the ad
vantage to be derived from a general discussion by rep
resentative people of trade, finance, social, religious and
fraternal matters. The city that can gain a reputation
as a successful "convention city" is fortunate. It has
the opportunity of entertaining those people who, as a
rule, are prominent in their respective communities at
a time when they are enjoying themselves by combining
pleasure with business and are therefore in a favorable
mood to be impressed.
For our Western cities there is more than a temporary
financial benefit to be obtained by entertaining such peo
ple. In their travels they cover pretty thoroughly al!
points of interest and thus see and become familiar with
our great undeveloped resources, gaining a knowledge
of them which could not otherwise be obtained. The
dissemination of such knowledge to the greatest number
should be our aim, and the plan to use the fair to that
end should be heartily encouraged.
CONVENTIONS INi THE WEST.
Conclusive.
A certain city official, whom for ob
vious reasons we will designate as Mr.
Blank, is an ardent admirer of prize-
IKshting. while his better half is vio
lently opposed to it and has no liking
for those who attend pugilistic events.^
In order to keep peace in the family
Blank tells his wife that he never
attends Boxing .contests, and with that
declaration Mrs. Blank, is satisfied,
having the most implicit confidence in
the veracity of her liege lord.
Blank is, however, put to the
trouble of sometimes making explana
tions, for, being a popular official, he
is always mentioned in the newspaper
accounts as "among those present" at
the ringside. He generally manages to
appease his wife's wrath by telling
her it is a mistake, that he was not
at the pugilistic battle and that she
must not believe everything she reads
in the, newspapers.
Now It happened that there was to
be a championship contest one evening
and Blank was especially desirous of
going, but his wife insisted that he
accompany her to the theater. Blank
did so, and was miserable all evening.
The next* morning he picked up the
newspaper to read the account of the
fight' and there, staring him in the
face, was a caricature of himself as
large as life with the caption: "Blank
was on hand as usual."
With a smile he handed the paper
to his wife.
"Now, my dear," said he. "you can
see for yourself how unreliable these
accounts are. We were at the theater
together last night, were we not?"
"We certainly were, John," said
Mrs. Blank, as she glanced at the
caricature. "I never again will be
lieve whai the newspapers say." And j
Blank, being wise in his generation,
laughed Inwardly. •
is very fond of relating how on one
occasion his Lordship seized his papers
and ran down the platform selling
them. Davy admits that he never
found a better deputy, and thinks that
if Lord Beresford had stuck to selling
newspapers he would have proved a
very formidable rival.
TRADE conditions continue as reported for several
weeks past. The slow but steady downward ten
dency in prices is still perceptible, and the usual
commercial figures, on which the state of business is
largely based, still run rather against the mercantile sit
uation all over the country.
¦ The bank clearings last week showed a loss from last
year, of 8.7. per cent, with all but two or three of the
largest cities on the wrong side of the exhibit. Even St.
Louis, which ought to be stimulated by the exposition,
which is bringing a large amount of cash into the city,
showed the insignificant gain of only 1.2 per cent, which,
in view of the exceptional conditions existing there,
really amounts to a loss compared with 1903. The loss
at Pittsburg, the seat of the iron and steel industry, was
27.4 per cent; at Philadelphia, distinguished by its textile
industries, 14.2 per cent; at Chicago, tl.e center of the
grain and provision industries, 1 1.2 per cent, and at New
York, the center of everything American in the aggre
gate, 9.7 per cent. There was a sharp loss of 25.8 per
cent at Cleveland, which may be partially attributed to
the serious strike of masters and pilots of lake vessels,
which is greatly hindering transportation in the lake
region and is said to be the most damaging labor disturb- 1
ance of the year. Minneapolis, the seat of the flour trade,
lost 7.6 per cent. Even New Orleans, which for several
months has been showing large gains over 1903 owing
to the cotton boom, has at last turned and is now found
in the loss column, with a decrease of 11.5 per cent. San
Francisco about held its own.
The above figures give a very fair idea of how general
business is running throughout the country. The fail
ures for the week numbered 236, against 191 last year,
and the railway earnings thus far in May show a falling
off of 6.6 per cent from the same week in 1903.
The dullness and continued decline in the New York
stock market are ascribed to the above conditions, with
the added adversities of a depressed iron and steel mar
ket, which has-been sending in poor returns for^ some
weeks, remarkably heavy gold exports and the natural
dullness characteristic of a Presidential year. All at
tempts to organize a "bull campaign" in stocks have ap
parently been abandoned, in spite of the recognized
cheapness of many of the standard stocks. It is the be
lief that the time for any extensive bull movement has
gone by, if indeed there lias been any such time this year,
which is extremely doubtful.
However, a bank statement better than expected on
Saturday imparted a very bullish aspect to -the market,
which responded by advancing a point or so. This might
have been a flash in the pan, but it was sufficient to drive
some of the bears to cover and cause more or les's pre
dictions of a better market from now on. The summer
vacation peiiod, which is much longer and more pro
nounced than it used to be,' is not far off, and the Presi
dential election will follow closely in its wake. This
brings us up to about the Christmas holidays, wh'en the
wholesale trade of the country comes to a standstill for
the usualstock-taking. Hence no marked revival in gen
eral business is expected until after, the, turn of the year,
seven month's at least from now. ',
It is perhaps as well. It is a question whether a good
lull and some further recession in prices will not be the
very best thing that could happen to the country. The
great financial interests seem to think so, for they are
agreed that the recent wave of unprecedented prosperity
had begun to make the American people a nation of reck
less spendthrifts, fond of luxury and accustomed to an
unlimited fatness of everything. A little economy from
now on will not hurt us in the least. A few yards of
sackcloth in place of the rustling silks may do us good.
Our brains and stomachs will get a rest and we will get
a chance to chew our cud awhile and think the matter
over. The bankers say that the current recession is "re
storing business to a more normal basis," to repeat their
very words, and if they, with their enormous interests,
are content with the drift of affairs, why should not the
*rest of us be?
As far as the great staples are concerned there have
been no violent fluctuations during the week. Money,
which showed signs of getting harder a week ago, has
turned easier again and continues in ample supply for
all current' needs. The turning over of $9,000,000 in coin
to J. P. Morgan & Co. by the Government in partial
payment of the Panama account considerably offset the
drain upon the cash reserves of the banks due to the
withdrawals of gold for export to Europe and imparted
a different aspect to the financial situation. The move
ment of cash from the interior to New York, which has
been heavy of late, has also proved an important factor in
checking the incipient hardening in funds. For the
moment at least the equilibrium has been largely re
established and the money market is again on an even
keel, with the great body of metropolitan capitalists
resting on their oars, neither adding to their holdings
nor liquidating, neither selling nor buying on any unusual
scale. . Y-r
All commercial reports agree that stocks of almost all
staples are considerably, larger than they were some
months ago and that they are steadily increasing. Promi
nent in this respect are iron and steel, provisions, live-,
stock of all kinds and textile goods. Some are showing
an accumulation which is weakening prices. The flour
and textile mills are frequently closing down for a few
days to allow the consumption to overtake the produc
tion. But the most pronounced inactivity is reported by
the iron and steel trades.
The weather is still rather against business. There
have been several periods \>£ fine weather over the great
cereal belts of late, but as a rule they have been brief.
The average has shown too much dampness of air and
soil and too low temperatures for crop growth or
distributive trade. In consequence the usual spring busi
ness has been a disappointment arid has brought the
country up to a summer which promises to be quiet.
The Pacific Coast continues to send in the best com
mercial^reports. Our newly developed Oriental com
merce is'helping the three. States out wonderfully. We
are selling a large quantity of farm produce to the
American, Russian and Japanese Governments for their
armies and navies in the Orient. Our supplies have been
so reduced that we are going into the new crop year
with our warehouses practically bare of everything, and
is our crop prospects are excellent we are justified in
looking forward to another good year. Hence there is
an air of. confidence and cheerfulness throughout the
whole coast and no complaints of any consequence are
heard from any quarter. . . " ' '.-"¦..
ber of licenses, but to increase it and to flood the city
with more groggeries. To an ordinary observer the Po
lice Commission is frantically enough liberal in its grant
of licenses to satisfy even those that want everything in
sight. -<-.. ;. ,. 1
TRADE SITUATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor '..-.. Address AH Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office .< ...... ..........* .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY '.......„: .MAY 23, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, MAY 23, 1904.
An effort is being made to make the Board of Super
visors a final court of appeal in the granting, of saloon
licenses. As a matter of course -the endeavor to clothe
the board with this new power is not to restrict the 'num.-
"One hundred" thousand copies of the annual report of
the State Board of Trade are to be issued and circulated
where, in the judgment of the board, they will most ma
terially aid the State. It is the boast of California that
she asks only to be known to win' favor from men arid
women seeking what is best in; the world.
L4 Royal Linguist.
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6PALO ALTO'S BOARD OF TRADE GIVES
MODEST ACCOUNT OF UNIVERSITY TOWN
fall from his saddle. Time was called,
and though another player took hia
place . Babcock remained on' the. field
until the end of the game and went
home unassisted. It wan not until sev
eral hours after the accident that the
serious nature of the Injury became ap
parent. He died while surgeons were
preparing for an operation.
Babcock was 20 years old and the son
of Henry D. Babcock, a member of tha
brokerage and banking firm of Hollis
ter, Babcock & Co. of this city.
LONDON. May 22. — Owing to the
approach of the Whitsuntide holiday,
business in the Stock Exchansre last
was slack. The enormous suc
cess of the Japan loan was of absorb
ing Interest, the premium being at
from two to three per cent on the
is5ue* price. Most gilt-edged stocks
were still in favor and the tone of the
market was fairly good with the ex
ception of* the American branch,
¦which, following Wall street, was
beavy.
FXJNDON STOCKS IN
HEALTHFUL CONDITION.
The top of the caldron is more likely
to be scum than cream.
NEW YORK, May 22.— Harry D.
Babcock Jr., a member of the freshman
| class of Yale and a player on, the polo
; team, died at his home here to-day
from the effects of an accidental blow
on the head from a polo mallet in the
hands of a fellow player, W. C. Deve
reaux. The accident occurred Saturday
afternoon in Van Courtlandt Park, In
this city, during the last half of the
first intercollegiate polo game ever
played In this country. The accident
occurred about the middle of the last
half of the Yale-Princeton game. Both
Devereaux and Babcock went rushing
after the batt, which was dangerously
near the Princeton line. They reached
it at precisely the same moment and
each struck at the ball. Devereaux'a
mallet swung through the air first,
however, and caught the Yale player
on " the left temple before he could
dodge under it. Babcock reeled slight
ly, but his pony turned and ran swiftly
.up the field, and the crowd thought he
had not been seriously hurt. A few sec
onds later they saw him half-slip, half-
Yale Freshman Dies From
Effects jof an Accident
in Intercollegiate Game
COLLEGE POLO
PLATER KILLED
NEW YORK. May 22. — To determine
whether subsidies or discriminating duties will
best promote t)»e growth or American mer
chant marine Is the real purpose of an Inquiry
which will begin to-morrow, in the rooms of
the New York Board of Trade and Transporta
tion, by a Joint committee named by the last
eesplon of Congress. Senator Jacob S. Galllnger
of New Hampshire U chairman of the com
mittee, which Includes Senators Lodge, Martin,
ilallory and Penrose and Keprcsentatlves
BpiKht, Humphrey, Minor, Grosvenor and Me-
Dermott. Senator Galllnger dined to-night at
the home of Wilbur F. Wakeman. secretary
of the American Protective Tariff League. He
said the committee would hold two sessions
in this city, one In Philadelphia and one In
Baltimore, before going to Lakeport. The
committee will then divide Into three sub
committees, which will continue the investi
gation of conditions In the North and South
and at Pacific ports. Only 7 per cent of the
commerce of the United States Is carried. In
American bottoms, and It is to find some plan
that will restore American shipping . to -Its
former rank that tbe committee was named.
It Is to make its report on the first day of
the next regular session of Congress.
ConKWs«ional Committee Will Devise
Method to Revive the Mer
chant Marine.
PLANNING TO RESTORE
AMERICAN SHIPPING
Several influential Agrarian leaders
criticized the Chancellor in debate,
but absolutely nothing has occurred
Fhowing that he had lost the favor of
Kmperor William. Both the Emperor
and Count von Bulow attended the
wedding of Count Eulenburg's son
yesterday at Liebenburg. Official
business interviews are occurring as
usual between the Emperor and the
Chancellor. The idea of making Gen
eral Budd<», Prussian Minister of Rail
roads, the successor of Count von
Bulow, is regarded as ridiculous, his
political experience being considered
inadequate.
• BERLIN, May 22. — There has been
considerable vague talk in the news
papers representing the opposition
since the recent debate In the Prus
sian House of Lords that the position
Of the German Imperial Chancellor,
Count von Bulow, has been shaken,
but so far as is ascertainable there is
no foundation for it.
COUNT VON BULOW
STILL IN HIGII FA VOK.
This Is a clean town for a refined and whole
some family life. In a non-commercial atmos
phere. In the classic (hades of a twentieth
century university. This is our message.
This modest description of Palo Alto
is signed In behalf of the Palo Alto
Board of Trade by the board's secre
tary, C. C. Downing.
On the whole we can say to all modest home
seekers — h«re Is the place you have been seek
ing. If. after you have educated your children,
you think best to sell and go away, you will
find your investment here has incrja«d in
value; but more and more of our people con
tinue here after the children are gone. About
onp-third of the students live in town and
find board and rooms in the homes. Im
proved facilities for reaching the university
will increase thl» number. The gate of the
university is but three minutes' walk f.-om the
center of business, but the grounds are large
and the distance to the university is one mile.
Carriages and wheels make the trip easy and
In the near future an electric car service *'iU
make the' pittance from any purt of town in»
considerable.
In January 1890, there were ten Inhabitants;
in January. 1901, a little less,than 2000; in Janu
ary. l«01, closely approaching 4000. The as
sessed value of the town is. $1,750,000. The ed
ucational facilities are the best, from primary
Bchools to graduate departments in the univer
sity. The grammar and high schols are the
pride of the city, and there is a general agree
ment to epare no expense upon them to make
the placa Absolutely unique as a center of edu
cation for the youth of all ages.
The town Itself has no palatial grounds.
Citizens who desire such places can find them
within three mikrs In great variety. It Is the
ideal place for modest homes of from $1500 to
$10,000 each. The lots are 50 feet by 100 to 200
feet deep. Of 125 houses built last year ths
average cost was $3300. This fixes the modest
character of our town. The tendency to vulgar
display is absent, and by many this will be es
teemed most highly.
As a place of business Pala Alto, like i other
cities about the bay, has no large future.
While it Is likely to have a population of 15,000
Inhabitants, It Is certain that a larpe fraction
of Its citizens,wlll do business In San Francisco.
The time Is being gradually reduced, and the
freedom from delay by fegs and the safety of
the trip from Palo Alto to San Francisco will
givr. it a distinct advantage over its education
al rival, the city of Berkeley.
Other advantages are its homogenous pop
ulation and Its rapid growth and civic enter
prlw. Palo Alto Is already the second city In
Santa C'ara County; has excellent sewer, water
•nd electric systems owned by the t:wn; is
Junt completing a library building, the gift
of Mr. Carnegie: has opened a public gymnasi
um and baths, Which are well managed under
the auspices of the wide awake Woman's
Clul. Pa.lo Alto.
ADVANTAGES SUMMED UP.
The growth of Palo Alto is pictured
by the Palo Alto Bbard of Trade in
substance as follows:
The moral atmosphere of the place i« felt at
once. There are no saloons, and landlords are
strenuou? on this point with all tenants lest
tha property revert to the original owner. The
churches ar« numerous and well supported.
Palo Alto is the most conspicuous example of
Central California that it pays a town to be
clean. There are clean streets, clean city
government, clo.-in business and clean people.
Kor these reasons the town grows.
The rural beauty of the place Is marked, and
few places are (superior In this. Our climate
Is mild at all seasons, and peculiarly free from
extremes and disagreeable winds. It Is not as
well adapted to lun£ and bronchial troubles as
are the foothills of the San Gabriel Valley In
Southern California; otherwise there is noth
ing to be defllred that Is not supplied In physU
cal conditions.
The Palo Alto Board of Trade has is
sued some literature to describe and
advertise. A pamphlet has Just been
put to press entitled "Palo Alto, the
Town of the Leland Stanford Junior
University." Therein are given some
reasons for the growth of the town and
some facts relative to its progress. Ex
tracts are given as the official utter
ances of the body whose duty it is to
promote* the interests of Palo Alto:-
In 1894 Palo Alto was incorporated.
Since 1897 municipal progress has been
rapid. J. J. Morris says that the first
important step was the acquirement of
a municipal water system, from which
ample water is derived for the uses of
the town. A * sewer system followed,
and then a municipal lighting plant.
Then followed a time of street im
provements, that still continues. Miles
of cement sidewalk have been laid. The
bases for sure and continued growth
were securely laid.
Schools have been provided, with
good instructors. Churches of many
denominations have been founded, with
handsome structures in central loca
tions. The buildings are used to show
the general architectural characteris
tics of Palo Alto as they are. developed
in buildings for public uses. More than
$100,000 r>er annum has been expended
for new buildings.
Since the settlement of the Govern
ment suit against the Stanford estate
the progress of the university construc
tion work has been steady, arid Palo
Alto has shared largely in the benefits.
The town has other attractions, not the
least of which is an excellent climate;
but the seal of the university is on all
of Its life, as the Impression of the
University of California is upon all
Berkeley, as a leading Influence. ;
present size and finished aspect are the
more remarkable.
PUBLIC UTILITIES.
tages with modern improvements as to
make of Palo Alto one of the prettiest
places in the United States.
In general characteristics Palo Alto
would seem to the casual visitor to be
strikingly similar to Berkeley. The seat
of the University of California has al
ways boasted that there was a mile
limit about the university grounds in
all directions within which intoxicating
liquors could not be sold. This has
preserved the same character for all
the immediate neighborhood of the
great institution of learning at Stan
ford.
In the deeds to lands that were cut
up for the original lots in Palo Alto
was a provision that no intoxicants
were to be sold thereon. There is not
a barroom in Palo Alto, either in res
taurant or hotel. In both Berkeley and
Palo Alto there has been rapid and
steady growth of homes, and the home
| spirit In both the university towns is
marked.
One of the leading members of the
Palo Alto Board of Trade related with
pride to a writer for The Call that the
original sales of lots for the town site
date back only to 1891— less than four
teen years ago. After that date came
the suit against the Leland Stanford
estate brought by the United States
Government to recover 515,000,000 for
money loaned during the construction
of the country's first transcontinental
railway. This suit was filed in 1S93.
Some progress had been made toward
building up the town of Palo Alto in
1891-92, but the suit, rendering uncer
tain for a period of four years the ex
istence of the Stanford University and
the concurrent value of the land in
Palo Alto, put a stop to progress very
largely. When the settlement of the
issue with the Government was reached
In 1837 confidence returned. Practically
Palo Alto as now visible has been about
all built since early in 1897. Hence its
towns and cities. Refinement and love
of trees are to be found together. By
keeping the oaks and by placing among
them artistically designed homes and
by cultivating flowering shrubbery and
plants assiduouely, the people of Palo
Alto have so coupled natural advan-
. The college people and those who
have come to dwell in their neighbor
hood have wisely refrained from cut
ting down the oak trees. In fact, such
trees are to be found in places In the
sidewalk areas, throwing their grate
ful shadows for the benefit of passers
hf. the fashion of tfe great elm trees
that may still, after the lap^e of a
%-entury. be found in the middle of
sidewalks in certain New England
. At first the population of the new
town was almost exclusively engaged
in providing for the wants of the stu
dents and faculty of the Stanford Uni
versity and those who came to Palo
Alto in connection with the university
work. Rapidly, on the site of what
was, acreage property only a few years
a^o, a community claiming to have
4000 population apart from the univer
sity has grown up. The scholastic at
mosphere common to all university
towns has accompanied the develop
ment. The site of Palo Alto was very
beautiful before it was ever considered
as the home of a large collection of
people. On its level area there was a
vigorous growth of oak trees that dot
led the landscape picturesquely. The
two -divisions of the Coast Range
'Mountains loomed up handsomely in
the foreground. Its lar^e percentage
of bright and pleasant days every year
made it desirable as a place of homes.
' TOWN FULL OF OAKS.
\ Palo Alto has a Board of Trade that
is headed by a member of the faculty
of the Stanford University as presi
denf — Professor Fernando Sanford.
The vice presidents are George R.
Parkinson, a banker, and J. J. Morris,
a. real estate broker. » C. S. Downing,
the secretary, is a banker, and A. S.
Ferguson, the treasurer, is a merchant
atid is chairman of the Board of Trus
tees of Palo Alto. The Board of Trade
in the university town is a vaJuable
a'djynct to its progress. Palo Alto has,
Uuring the first few years of its ex
istence, developed upon practically the
same characteristic lines as did the
other Northern California university
seat, Berkeley.
Solid Attractions Are Set Forth So. Truthfully That Sincerity Appears in Official Narra
tive and Makes Story of Rapid Growth Pleasing.
EXA3IPLLS OF CHURCH ARCHITECTURE AND SURROUNDINGS IN GROWING UNIVERSITY TOWN OF PALO AX.TO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1904.
7
RAILWAY TRAYELw
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
Skil FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF13
BATLWAY COXPAJrr.
Tlburon rarry. Toot at MuJcet street.
sab rsAircxsco to sax kapaei^
WEtK DAYS— T:iO, 8:W. 8:w>, 11.* a. m. .
12:33, 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 8:60. 6:30 aad 11:33
p. m. . '
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. «:0O 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: l:SOt
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:3d. 11:30 a. m.
SAH BAPAI1 TO SAW 7BAVCXSCO.
\VKKK 1>aYS — 6:W5. O:aw. 7 :M, 1 :3U. »:i"W.
11:15 a. in.; 12:30. n-.vo. 3.-UK S:OU. i:M.
«:-5 d. m. Saturday*— Extra tri» at l:i>
p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:50. 7:33. 9:20. 11U3 a. m.; 1:4*.
8:40. 4:60. G:0Q, ft:20. 8:23. 7:30 p. m. tE»-
cept Safardays.
Leave 1 i n Eff.ct I ArrlT*
Ban Fran. | May 1. 19O4. f San *'ran.
W*«.k I Sun- I DesUna- I Sun- | W»»*
Days. ) days. I tlon. | diys. | Days.
7JW. Jim* I 7T«» 7:43*
7:30a «:0Oa 6'40a S:*i> <.
fi'^t* S :^» lanado. ]jO:;-O a loiat) *
6:10 P 6:10 p « :2 o? t-Ml
I a:43p
7:30 a 7:.-»a 7 43 al 7-4»a
8:COa 8:00 a Novato. 10:2O a'l0 : 2O »
2:30 P 9:30 a P«talun»a «:a»p! •:»>{?
B:19p 2:SOp and ¦ 7:23nl7-23»
ftilOp EanU Rosa. f8:43p/
7:30 a 7:30 a • 10:20 a;lu:2t> »
8:00a 8:COa Folton. 7:25p «ao>
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:43 p| TM p
Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 110:20a 10:20 a
Lytton. I
t:30p 2:30 p OyservlUe. 7:23 p 7:23 a
CloT«rdal«. |
7:3Oal 7:30 al Hcpiand 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:8Op! 2:80 p| and Cklah. [7:23p( 7:23 9
j j ' WlllJts. j i
7:30 a| 7:30 m\ Sherwood. 1 7:2S pf 7:23 p
8:00 al S:Ortal Guernevllle and [10:20 aJlO-20 a
2:30 pf 2:30 pf Camp Vacation. | S:4Jp[ 8:20 o
8:00 a 8:00 a 8:40 at 3:40 a
6:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma, 6:00 p[ 6:20 a
3:10 p Glen Ellen. f 8:43 p[
7:30 at 7:30 a) |]O:2O a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30p| SebastopoL f T:23 pi 6:20 j>
6TAGES connact at Santa Rosa, for Watis
Eulphur Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and
Mark Wett Spring*: at Lytton for Lyttoa
Springs; at OvyservUl* for Skag*s Springs; at
doverdal* lor the Geysers. Boon«svii:« 434
Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Hlghlacd Springs. Kelseyville. CarlsljaJ
Spring*. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Baru.tt
Eprlnss; at T.kiah for \ »chy Springs. Saratoic.
bprlntfs Blu« Lakes. Laurel Dell Lnite. Witter
6prlng«. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s Buknel;*!
Eanhsdrln Height*. Hullvllle. Orr-a HjI
Spring*. Halfway House. Comptche. Cacio
bievjn*. Hopkins. Mandodno City. Fort Brag/
Westport. t" 8 *': * l VlTIUits for Fort Br*<"'
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. LaytonI
vllle. Cum-nina. BeM's Springs. Harris. 01-
sens Dyer. GarbervlUe. Pepperwood. Scotu.
and 'Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rcond-txip tickets at r*.
duced ts>tes.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all polau
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
.Ticket office. 630 Market »tre«U Chronicle
building. ,
H. C WHITINO. R. X. RYAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
TO SAN RAFAEL
i^H^^p CAZADERO, Eta
l^i^t^ftl&^iEi-a* TU Sansallto 7*ttt.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GACCJS.
L'epk;' Irwti 1**1 FfalMacr, \\*ik slay* at
6:30 7:10, 7:45, 3:30. 9:15. 10:00, 11:00 a. m.
111:40 a. m.. Sausalito only). 12:20, 1:43. 3:13
4:00. 4:33. 5:15. 3:3w. «:23. 7:13. 9:00. 10:20.
11-35 p. m. Sundays anJ legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:43. 8:30. 9:15. 10:0O. 11:00. 11:40
a. m.. 12:20. 1:00, 1:43. 2:30. 3:13. 4:0O. 4:3S
5:15. 5:50. 8:23. 7:13. 8:13. 9:00. 10:20. ll:^i
p m. \
Arrive at San Francisco, w*«k days, C:17.
700. T:33. 3:15. 8:45. 9:33. 10:20. ll;05 a. m..
1205 1:25, 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. 6:13
6 55 '7:53 10:03. 11:23 p. m. On Siri.Jays tnj
legal holidayj extra trains arrlva at 12:45. 2:03.
8:50 p. m. o-
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. m.
3:15 p. m.. 3:15 p. m. >'ei. Sat.) On Sundays
and legal holidays, at 7:43. 8:30. 9:13. 10:w>
U:C0 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:3a T:i»
and S:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN3.
7:43 a. m. dally — Caxadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:13 p. m. daily except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyea. eto.
7:15 p. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:15 p. m. Sundays only — For Cazadero etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market St.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchiban. Wrangel.
Juneau. Haines. Skagway.
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. May
5 10. 15. 20. 25. 3O. June 4.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Taeoma, Everett. Bel-
lingham— 11 a. m.. May S. 10. 13, 20, 23. SO.
June 4. Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers fcr Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattla
or Taeoma to N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver ?«
C. P. Ry.
For Kureka. (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. May 4. 10, 16. 22. 28; Spokane. 1:30
p. m.. May 1. 7, 13 19: Corona. May 25, 31.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m. .
State of California. Thursday*. 9 a. ra.
For Loa Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mont-*
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Louis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
BoniU, 9 a. m.. May 7. 15. 23. 31. June <?.
Santa Craz. 9 a. m. (freight only), May 19, 27.
For Ensenada, Majrdalena Bay. San Joss del
Cabo. Mazatian, Altata. La Pas. Santa, Ro-
salia. Guaymaa (Mex.). 10- a. m., 7th of eaeh
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or milling
dates.
TICKET OFTICHS—4 New Mont?roin-«
err st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Trelfffct Office, 10 Market st,
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler st.. wtlJ
call for and check baggage from hotels aa4
residences. Telephona Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
COLUMBIA satis May IS. 27. Jons 6, 18. and]
26. GEO. W. ELDER saila May 22. June 1.
11 and 21. Only steamship lino to PORTLAND,
OR,, and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points.
Steamer tickets include- berth and meals.
Steamer satis foot of Spear st. at 11. a. m.
S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Paas. Dept. 1 Mont-
gomery st.: C. CLIFFORD, G«n. Agent Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
occanics.s.co.s«M«
S. 8- SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and* Sydney. Thurs., May 28, 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, May 29. 11 a. ra.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Juno 4, 11 am.
LLSPUCKELS 4 B20S. Ca,A2tS.,TiC*K QICB 643 tor
tit, IttiZHt 03C3323MimtSl, PiiT 7, ftfll; it
# PASSENGER SERVICE —
Through without change. S. S.
"Serapls 1 ." from San Fran-
cisco on or about Junt 3, 1904.
for Hamburg and principal
ports In Mexico. Central and
South America. For rates and
particulars apply at 641 Mar-
ket st., or to LENDAL M.
GRAY. Manager. 323 Marktl
..'?' St., San Francisco.
C0MP1ONIS 6Z5ZAAZ.S TlUXSATLASTiqffi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAJUd. --.._
Sailing every Thursday Instead at
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, >
North River, foot of Morton st
First claw to Havre. $70 and upward. S19.
end class to Havre. »43 and upward. OEM-
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED 3TATE3 ANC
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Ycrlt. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pactfle Co**i
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenue. Saa Frandaca
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To tT. S. Wavy Tard and VaJleJo.
STRS GEN FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
AHItOW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:30 noop. 3:13 P. M..
tt-oo P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays,
9-45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Vallejo. 7:0«
A M 9T0O A. M.. 12:30 NOON. 3:13 P. M..
CCO P. M. <ex. Sunday). Sundays. 7:00 A. M.,
4-13 P. M. Fare one way, 50c Landing and
office Pier 2. foot Mission st Phone Main
1303. HATCH KROa
WGi $1.00 mr'Tn
I "I V V LI house
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THIRD AND LAST WEEK
' Of the Delightful Musical Comedy
A RUNAWAY /> I Ol
RUNAWAY \gl [ft L
CATCHY MUSIC— PLENTY OF FtTN.
Charming Singers — Clever Comedians.
HANDSOME QIRL CHORUS.
BEGINNING ii._i u Hn i %v M*tin.»
DECORATION DAY W8ai mOllQJJf IRillflM
Grand Revival for One Week Only.
The Great Musical Comedy Hit.
I THE TOYMAKER |
TOY MATINEES MONDAY * SATURDAY
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c. 00c, 75c.
MATINEE SATURDAY
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLT
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELL
In Sard ou's Intense Drama
[FEDORA
\NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE— GISMONDA.
SPECIAL MATINEE DECORATION DAY.
POPULAR PRICES— 13c 25c, 50c, 75c.
I* ULUWljESlA iuui mm
UiBT 0 EIGHTS— MATINEE SAT.
MR. EICHABD
MANSFIELD
To-night— OLD HEIDELBERG.
Tuesday— IVAN THE TERRIBLE.
Wednesday — BEAU BRT.'MMEL.
Thursday — OLD HEIDELBERG.
Friday— DR. JEKYLL and MR. HYDE.
Matinee Saturday— OLD HEIDELBERG.
Saturday Night— IVAN THE TERRIBLE. .
e Beginning Next Monday,
MAUDE ADAMS
In "THE LITTLE MINISTER."
Sale of Boxes and Seats Begins Thursday.
CALIFORNIA
GLORIOUS WELCOME '•
Return of* the Favorites, H
TUB NEW U
NEILL-MOROSCO COMPANY I
Greatest Stock Organization -In ||
Existence. ¦ Eg
Presenting the Delightful Comedy, fl
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE |
Special Summer Prices — Orchestra H
Seats. 75c; a few front rows, $1; choice B
Balcony Seats, SOc; Bargain Matinees 2
Thursdays. 25c and 59c. B
NEW^S's,
SENSATIOMS!
Burke, £a Bne and the Inky Boyi; Colby
Family; Al Lawrence; Bell* Gordon;
Alfoni;
Marcel's Living Art Studies;
. * Charles D eland and Company and
Home, Boit and tewii.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 25c
and 50c.
ATPA7A T}3elasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR e Tssr
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. THURS. AND SAT.
First Time Here of the Screamingly Funny
Comedy,
I A POSSIBLE CASE]
By Sydney Rosenfeld. adaptor of AT THE
WHITE HORSE TAVERN*.
Evgs.. 25c to 75c; Mats.Thurs. & S.it.,25c to 80c
NEXT MON.— Commencing with Extra HOLI-
DAY MAT.*. MEMORIAL DAY,
¦. The Picturesque, Romantic Play,
TOLLGATE INN.
In Preparation— LOVERS' LANE.
Market st., near Eighth. Phone South B33.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Owen Davis' Magnificent Comedy Drama, *
A GREAT TEMPTATION
A Gorgeous and Costly Production.
First Appearance at This Theater of the
• San Francisco Favorite,
JULIA BLANC
flTITI "Down the Mississippi." Sunrise on
VuL| the Old Plantation. Ruined Mill by
II Pi Pi Moonlight, Spectacle Of the Charcoal
UJJU Kilns.
DDirEC Evenings 10c to 50c i
rlilVCJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
Starting May 30 (Matinee)—
"A CELEBRATED CASE." ¦
WIL.I-* I YOU
I RBMBMBBR
That on Next Sunday occurs the REOPENING
of this theater.
Enlarged and Beautified.
\bssb»** • s^ssi^ssJ •
A lip-roaring burlesque, absolutely new.
An entire new burlesque company, in-
cluding: Yorke and Adams, Al Fields. Edwin
Clark, Caroline Hull. Edna Aug, Garrity Sis-
ter*. Ben Dillon, Roy Alton. "Star" Chorns of
forty voices, the "Radium Girls" — 20th century
sensation, a world of new songs, dances, spe-
cialties. . - '
Seats on Sale Wednesday Morning at the
theater. No advance In the prices.
__ • ~ T~ .
•V MOVING PICTURES, showing tha
GREAT TRAIN ROBBERY
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
' and Evening is the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE .
MrmATTTOE EX.ECTRX0 BAI£B0A3>
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY in the
Zoo.
, INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AMATEUR N IOHT TBTTBSD AT.
Admission. 10c; Children. 6c.
,W T.HESS,
' ¦ XTotary Putollo and Attorney-at-£aw.
Tenth Floor. Room 101 J. u s c^prccKau bidg.
Telephona Main 8S3. '
Residence, 1802 McAIllstui st.
Resldeace Ttlephoot Put SOU. _;'
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
DON'T FAIL JO
see the beautiful
COURT/ Lounging
room, the EMPIRE
parlor, the
PALM ROOM, the
LOUIS XV PAR-
LOR, and the LA-
DIES' WRITING
ROOM.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense of
$200. 00O— New Management— ENTIRELY FIRE-
PROOF.
LOCATION— Very accessible to street car
lines, theaters, etc EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms in antlqut decorations.
Turkish Baths in Hotfj.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT, De Stei-
t;er, Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales, ;-
HOTEL. ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions in every room: long distance connections
made with any part of the Coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
AMUSE3IENTS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
' >v^ *O5V Tr * llw 1 «»*« »¦«* »r« da*
A%$£S& to.rrWe.t
LjUa^JZj SAN FRANCISCO.
W^iV F*s«t Depot
\H_S-^ (Foot of Market Street.)
L»ATm - MAIN LINE. -a»«iv«
7-00A Vkoavllie. Winter*. Iiamiejr.. -7.60P
7.00A Bcnicia. Sulian. Elmlra aad Sacra-
mento 7.20P
7.50a Vtllejo. Naps. C»ll*ice». SaaU
Kosa, Msrtlnez, San Ramon 6-20p
7.30a Klles, Llrermore, Tracy. Lathrop.
Stockton 7.20P
8.0CA 8a»«t» ExpreM— (Via Davis).
Wliiifimi (for Bartlett Sprlngi).
Willows. tFratO. Ked BlaS.
Portland, Taeoma. Seattle 7.S0P
800A nuTid.TCooillitnd. Knlchti Landlttg.
Mary«Tille. Oroville 7-50P
I Ma Tort Costs, Martinez. Anttoeh.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Loa Hnno». Mendota.
Armona. Han ford. Via alia,
Portrrvllle 4.?0»»
P.30A Port Co»ta. Lathrop. Modesto,
. Merced. Frenno, Goshea Junc-
tion. Haaford. VUalla. Bakers-
field 4 BOP
8 Sf A Nile*, San Jose. Llrennore. Stock-
ton. (t.MHton). lone. Sacramento,
Placervine. Jiarysvllle, Chlco.
Bed Dluff 4.20P
• •30a Oakdale. Chinese. J a aim town. So-
nora. Toolumne and Angeli *-tS p
9-OCa AUantlc Express— Ogden and Eatt. 11.20a
8-30a Richmond, Martinez and Way
Stations B-50P
ItCOAThe Overland Limited — Og-deo.
Denver. Om»ha. Chlcaga 8 20P
1000a Vallejo 12-20«
10.00a Lot AneWei Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Dyron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Kaymtnd. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore, Vlsalla.
Bakemfleld. Lot Antcele* 7-SOp
12.00m Hayirjird. Nlles and \7*j Station*. 320p
11.00P Sacramento River Steameri tii-00"
S-30P Bentcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing,
Maryivllle. Orovllle and way
fitatton* 10.B0A
30p Ilayward. Nile* and Way Stations.. 7-50P
¦30p Fort Cost*. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lfithrop, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way SUtlons beyond Port Coita 12-20f»
A-aOp Yosemite Valley, via Berenda tad
Wawena 850a
3-30p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20a
400PMarttacz.8iinKamon.ValleJo.Napa.
Callitog-a. Santa Itu«a 9 20a
4^0p iritea. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
4-3CP Hayward. Nile*. Irrtngton. San I t8.5(lA
Jote. Llrermore | til. 50a
S40P Tbe Owl Limited— Netrmaa. Los
Bam»s. Mrndou. Freino. TaUre,
... l!»lter«l)eld.LoiAnicsIe* 8-50A
6.00p fort Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12.20P
tS 30p Hayward, Sites and San Joie 7.20a
•¦OOP Hay ward. Nile* and 6an Joae S. 50*
• 00p Eastern Expre** — Ottden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
Kast. Port Coat*. Rrulcta. Sal-
• un, Elmlra. l>a*]«, Sacramento,
Kocklln. Aubarn. Col fax,
Truckee, Boca, Reno. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemncca &.20P
I.OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 e n -
»7-0Cp Vallejo, Sunday only f ' 0UP
7-00P Klchmond. Han Pablo. Port Coata,
Martlaes and Way Station* 11 .20a
7-COp Oregon A California Kipresn— Sac-
ramento, Maryirllle, Bedding;
Portland, Puget Bound and Bait. 150a
S.OSpReno Pa»»enger— Trackee, Lake
Tahoe 7.50a
I.10P Uay ward, Nilei and San Jose (Sun-
dayonly) 11-BOa
COAST LINE Wr*w«uM).
- (Veot uf Mtrket Street.)
7.46a Panta>CruiKxcnrslon(Sun<]ayonly) 8.1 Op
8.1 6a Newark, Centerrllle. San Jose,
Felton. Moulder Creek. SaaU
Crnz and Way Stations 659P
12.16P Newark, CenterTtlle, San Join,
New Almaden. Lox Gato*.7elton,
Boulder Crnek, Sanu Cruz and
Principal Way Station* tiO 55a
4.16p Newark*. SaaJose, LoaOatos aad I rS.SSA
way nation* '. . I t10 55a
' 4.15P Wrleht, Felton. Boulder Creek and
Santa Cruz, Saturday and Sunday
' only 55a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
* real b AN t KAN CISCO, Foot of Market Bt. ( Silffft
. -n:W »:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 P.it '
tnm OAKLAND, foot »f Broadway — 1«:00 {3:0
1t:U 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 200 4 00r.it.
COAST LINE "(Kroaa Caaxe).
tST (ThlTi and fownneni Street*.)
8.10a Saa Joac asd Way SUtion* 6-30P
t7.00A San Jo«e and Way Station* 6-40P
7.15a Monterey and Santa Craz Excar-
ilon (Sunday only) 10 3Cp
8 00a New Almaden (Tue*., Fr!d., only), 4.10P
t 00a The Coaster— Stop* only Saa Jot*.
Ullroy (connection for Hollli*
ter). Pajaro, Cajlrorllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Paulnc Grore). Salinas. 8an
Ardo, Paao Roble*. BanU Mar-
garita. San Lni* Oblipo, principal
. atatlon* thence Surf (connection
for Lorapoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara.San Buena-
ventura, Burbank. Lou Angeles . 10-45*>
9.00a Ban Joie. Tres PI not, Capltola,
Bant* Cms, PaclflcGrore.Sallnaa,
Sao Lai* ObUpo anil Principal
Way Station* 4.10p
10.30a San Joie and Way Station* 1.20P
11 -30a Santa Clara. San Jose, Loa Gatos
and Way Station* 7.30p
1-30p San Joie and Way SUtlons 8 38a
SOfip Del Monte Kxprem— Santa Clara,
Sta Joie, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa
Crnz, Boulder Creek and Narrow
Gauge Poinu) at Gilroy for Hol-
ll*ter. Tres Ptno*. at Pajaro for
Sanu Crnz. at Castrorllle for
Salinas ...» \ 12-15p
3.30p Trei Plno« Way PM»enger..t 10 45a
4.30P Kan Jo*e and Way Stations t8.03A
to OOP Santa Clara, San Jo«e, Los Oato*.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) +9 00a
|5.30p Ban Joae and Principal Way Station* {340a
5 45p bun.ct I.linltol.— Krdwoid. San
Joso.GlIroy .Salinas, r"a«o Kolllea,
San Lul* Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Lo* Angeles, Demlnr. El Paio,
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nect* at Pajaro for Sanu Craz
and at Cistrovllle for PaclQc
Grore and Way Stations 7.10a
I6 -1 5 p San M ateo, Bere*f ord, Relmon t, Saa
Carlos. Redfrood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t6-48A
6 30p San Joie and Way Stations 6-36a
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Station* 10.154
11 .30p South SanFrancUco. Mlllbrae, Bur-
Ungame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, FMr Oak J,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto S 45p
j11.3Cp Mayneld, Moantatn View, Sonny-
Tale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Joae t9.4Sp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only
o Saturday only. b Monday only.
1 6tops at all station* on Sunday.
f*"Only train* (topping at Valencia St. sonthboand
»re«:10 a.m.. 7:00a.m.. 7:15 a.m.. 11:30a.m.. 3:3)r.M.,
*:» TiM^p&i a:OOr.¥.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
»t O:3O a. m., tlurongh 1b 3 days.
with diner aad all trapping*.
Other Saat» 7* Trains 1
• •ftn J" SJ"V for Stockton. Freano. Bakers^ekt
8 :0O p. m. J Merced. Hanford and VUalla.
t:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canytm aad
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. aad
Terry Depot, S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Oal. 87 South Vlrst St.
San,, Joae.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leare ?i» Siisalit* F»rrj Arrive
San Francisco l'»«t sf JAtltt St. San Francisco
*Week Son- er»a Sau- Week
Days, dayg. _ d l>'^- _??I S 1.
.... 8:30 a fe^fe&gy^g 12:43 r* 8:4B\
. 10:00 v \?*£(2$£|£?y 2:05 r *1 1:05 a
10:00 a 11:00 a TS^aHy 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:45 r 12:20 r >^^S' 5:40 r 6:16 r
»:15r 1:45 p 6:'5 r 10;0S r
4:35 r »:SOr
* Tl» CrtTlty far. J Taaalatls U 1111 Ttlity.
Ticket )626 Market St. (North Shore Railroad)
OrriCES land Sahsauto Fkkry, Foot Market St.
DIRECTORY
Ot RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
caialccue and Price Llsti Juatldi
on Application.
TBSSB A2TB SALT MEAT3.
Fl^ BftVP^ ft rft Shipping Butchers. 10S
JAj. DUIEO (I W. clay. T«i. Mala 1284
- : OXZ.S.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEON AltD & EIAJ.3.
*I« Front at.. & F. Phone Main 1719.
PKI2TTXHO.
Es Cs HUGHES, 6J1 Eao»om« at, sV •*.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 23. 1904.
8
1 x T r T' HP T XT' iPSW T A TVT r T y O M /^Y XT' HP T7 1 TST
•<&*$>' JL1 I I -Li Jli W -A. in 1 Jb Ur I JtL IN
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and . profitable
business opening in San Francisco? ' If so,
we can offer you any number requiring an
Investment irom $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office must stand the closest investigation,
and we can place you In a store, factory,
hotel, mill, otflce. or, in fact, any business
i you may prefer.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— BANK and COMMERCIAL REFERENCES.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 1)27 Market st.
A— TEA AND COFFEE STORE.
$.1500 wilt buy this store; well stocked with
tea. coffee and goods in that line; good loca-
tion; doing Kood business; established for
years; full investigation invited.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., «27 Market st.
A— . PICKLING WORKS
For sale; factory completely equipped for
the manufacture of pickles, mustard, sauer-
kraut, olives, salad oils and table condi-
ments; product sold In all parts of the
United States; plar.t originally bought by a
gentleman of means for his son, who has
been found incapable of managing the large
business; coct $15,000, but no reasonable
offer will be refused.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA 1NVKST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 rhares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co., $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market it.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— 5100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof shbwing that
any person ever lost a dollar who invested
any money in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANT,
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock $50,000.
927 Market St.. rooms 321. 322, 323, 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern: 60 rooms: richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room and 10 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver serv-
ice; 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A — WE refer to 1000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— . A NEW THEATER. .
A gentleman with $5000 cash, capable of act-
Ing as cashier, can secure half Interest in one
of the best small theaters on the Pacific
Coast; will pay him $W)0 monthly; particu-
lars only at personal interview at office of
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure interest and
office of treasurer In' an incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership In established business in
this city and take charce of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For eale; a high-class business; long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire; will invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$300 cash and r-ervlces secure Interest in es-
tablished office business paying $15 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market. Bt.
A— THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest Investment and most
profitable enterprise In the elty. We repre-
sent two of the largest Incorporated companies
in S. F.. and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and office men who can Invest a
small amount of cash with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 In a
high-clacs real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; Invest-
ment pecured and ?20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
FURNITURE business for .gale; good place live
man; will sell stock at invoice; located about
25 miles from S. F. Box 3940. Call.
FLORIST business; old established: flne loca-
tion: rent $35; 3 living rooms; falling health
caune of selling; a genuine bargain. Box
34S0. Call office.
A— $50C0; BEST Investment in State; very
large returns on perfectly valid business; no
scheme. BROWN CO.. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — 1 or 2 men to learn a good trade;
can j;et employment the year round'; $25 re-
quired. oH)V< Folsom Rt., upstairs.
A NICE restaurant; In good location: must be
sold; cheap; closed now; owner sick. Apply
127 Second ft.
DAIRY for sale: well stocked: horses, wagons,
cows, etc.; with an 85-gallon milk route.
Address box 181. Call office.
FOR sale — Store fixtures, with or without
Ktock; fine living rooms. 10S Turk at.; phone
Howard 845C.
HOTEL and dining-room In thp growing town
of Point Richmond for sale; flne trade. Box
3971. Call office.
NOTION, ttatlonery and cigar store for sale
tn country town In California. Address box
150, Call office.
. _______—__—— _______________
$850— SMITH'S candy kitchen and factory,
best-paying "retail candy business south of
Market st. F. A. SMITH, 241 Eiehth st.
NO agents wanted; flne paying saloon; must be
solrl; good reasons given. Inquire at 66S
Mission at.
FOR sale — Corner grocery with bar and 4 liv-
ing rooms; lease; good for man and wife. 231
Fourteenth St.. corner Minna.
FOR sale — On account of sickness, the old-
established corner grocery and bar. Apply
* to the owner. 2<--2S 24th st. and Pctrero ave.
J400O— GOOD retail 'business on Market St.;
no nleht cr Sunday work. Address box 92,
Call office.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman with $500 to
take half Interest in a canvas show. Call
at 1172 Harrison st.
FOR sale — Dairy and delicatessen store, in
good business locality; must be sold at once.
Box 81. Call.
ANSWER this If you can Invest $500 or more
with a prosperous company; position if com-
petent. Box 101. Call office.
WE start you In mall order business; particu-
lars and samples free. American Special
Agency, Milwaukee, Wle.
A— $500; PARTNER wanted in light business.
Particulars at 25 Geary st., room 5.
GOOD barber ship fixtures for sale; reasonable.
1133 D"Dont ct.
OYSTER and chop house for sale; no reason-
able offer refused. 603 Vt Post st.
MAN with $1000 to take interest In new busi-
ness. Box 17, Call.
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister et.
ESTABLISHED hotel business and bar for
sale: good proposition. 14 Washington st.
$1060— CHOPHOUSE: established 8 years; good
business: 3 years' lease. 419 Bush st.
$300^ — PASTRY and candy;, electricity:" cen-
tral: 3 finely furnished rooms. Box 390, Call. |
SALOON; downtown; no agents; old estab-
lished place. I Address box C40. Call office. '
FOR eale — Delicatessen store; fully equipped;
good location. Box 198, Call office.
DELICATESSEN store for sale, $300: living
rooms, furnished. Box 193. . Call office.
HOTEL bar, etc.; lease 3 years; rent $200;
value $3000. Box 230. Call office.
HORSERADISH grinding and delicatessen bus.
cheap; good reason for selling. 2401 Mission.
FINEST fruit and vegetable route In the city
cheap. Call to-day,. 229 Hayes st. .
SALOON for sale cheap; piano, refrigerator;
three living rooms; must sell. 813 Howard.
FOR sale^ — Cigar store on Kearny . it. ; good
location. Box 3839, Call.
WANTED— Grocery and bar. Box 174. Call
office. .'¦¦.,•:".' *'''¦
RESTAURANT worth $1000; $45 daily; half or
whole; cheap; easy terms. Box 294, CaJJ.
SALOON, with Uase: fine location; good pay-
Ing and old-established place. Box 207, Call.
" ¦ * . ¦ i i
$2000 — RARE chance: business man with above
amount to make $25,000 easy. Box 299, Call, j
EDUCATIONAL — Continued.
PAINTING lessons, oil and water color, by
Gordon Coutts. studio 303 Larkln . st. ; ex-
hibitor Royal Academy, Paris Salon ¦ and
gold medalist; pictures now on view at Ken-
nedy & Co. 'a. 10 Post ct.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions: illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years: the school that
secures positions for graduates: Just added 23
new - typewriters; catalogue free.
PRIVATE' lessons English, shorthand, etc.. $4
mo. Western Business College. -1107 Market.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electrlclty. 24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. 8peclal catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1S64. Vac
der NalMen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market: catalog.
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened his
Juvenile clarses at Find lay's Hall. 17th St.;
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per -mo.:
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 82S Halght st.
KENT Law School; day and night; lend for
particulars. 635 Parrott building.
PIANO lensons. 25c,jhalf hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFlCSa.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Fost it.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help: etc.
i A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
' Chinese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Mala 8732.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
office. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Loon SeiMig's. 411% O'Farrell ;tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flcf : all klcda help. 315 Stockton; Main 3183.
CHINESE and Japanese h»lp; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRAP1.EY & CO.. OiO Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FKHALH.
A— A NUMBER of reliable cooks, second girls,
waitresses, laundresses, nurses, maids, seam-
stresses, hotel help and housework girls are
now registered for work. We can fill any or-
ler we may receive entirely satisfactorily at
the present time, as a number of desirable
help are coming from the East. Address,
call or telephone to MISS PLUNKETT'S
EMPLOYMENT REGISTRY. 425 Sutter St..
near Powell; tel. Main 5472. N. B.— Office
hours 8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
VERY nice working housekeeper wishes ilt-
uation to do cooking or other work for
men; 2 years in last place; also 1 German.
1 Scandinavian, superior cooks, wish sit-
uations. Can be seen at J. F. CROSETT &
CO.'S. 334 Snttcj»*gt.
A HOSPITAL nurse will care for invalid, city
or country; will travel: please state case;
$3.-> per month. Box 907, Call office.
WAITRESS, experienced, wants position hotel
or restaurant, city or country. 324 Mason
St.; phone Black 2396.
A GERMAN woman with a child, good cook,
wants work, country. 324 Mason st. ; phone
Black 2306.
ELDERLY German woman wlehes situation
light housework; small wages. 3U23 Six-
teenth st., near Mission.
A TRAINED nurse going East will give her
services for expenses. Box 917, Call office.
RELIABLE woman would take charge of
house during absence of owners; or would
do cooking and housework In small family
of adults; best of references. Address or
call 515 Ninth st.. Oakland.
DRESSMAKING and ladles' tailoring done by
the day; cutting and fitting; only flrst-class
work done; suits made at home. MISS
BARSS. Sherman House. 28 Eighth st.
1 EDUCATED ! young lady wishes position a_
nursery governess; willing to assist with
upstairs work; country preferred. Address
A. B. C\. 2292 Mission st.
A WOMAN with a little boy wants house-
keeping position, city or country; home more
and object than wages. Address five days.
MRS. E. BELL. 834 Page St. .
SITUATION wanted by a neat. middle-ag*d
German woman to do washing or house-
cleaning .Tuesday and Wednesday. Box 171,
Call office^
WANTED — Unlncumbered lady wishes posi-
tion as companion to lady to travel to
World's Fair; references given. 320 Eleventh
st.. Oakland.
RESPECTABLE younff woman I wants steady
plac* as laundress by the day. Call 2325
Lombard St., hear Broderick; no cards 'an-
swered. • . -| ¦
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants housework. $20
to $25. Address 309 Sutter st.; phone Black
4240. ¦ _- "
GERMAN woman, good cook, wishes position
in small family to do light housework; coun-
try only. 234 Minna st.
GERMAN woman with a child, good cook,
wants work; country. 324 Mason st. ; phone
Black 2TO6.
POSITION wanted by an experienced nurse
or '¦ housekeeper: good references. Address
1 Helen 8t., off California, near Leavenworth.
REPRESENTATIVE position with responsible
house by experienced business woman. Box
50. 100S Market st. .
ELDERLY German lady wants position as
housekeeper for one or two gents. Address
MRS. P. R.. box ltSO. Call office, Oakland.
BY lady of 'refinement as working housekeep-
er; city or country. Address box 2163. Call
branch. 2200 Fillmore st.
A RELIABLE girl desires engagements to
stay with children when parents wish to go
out. Call or address 346 Fifth ave.. near
Point Lpbos. .
YOUNO woman wants situation to mind chil-
dren or assist in housework or In delicacy
store; call afternoons. 613 Larkln st.
POSITIONS by man and wife as Janitor in
small office building. Address R. J. S.. 4
Chesla place.
«
A CAPABLE woman wants washing or house-
cleaning by t li— day. Call or address MRS.
L. LEECH. 148. Sixth st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. washing
or housecleaning; willing to work. F. WAITS.
43 Minna st.
AN experienced nurse wishes work; can give
references If required. . 1162 Washington St.,
room 20, Oakland;, phone Black 3376.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker by the day; fitter,
designer and remodeling. 550 Stevenson st.,
near Seventh.
ITALIAN lady wishes position In private fam-
ily tn Instruct children In Italian language.
Address box 27C2. Call branch. 2200 Flllmore.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes
housekeeper's position; small family; city or
country. Address A. N.. 02 Fourteenth st.
SI1 UATlDN wanted by flrst-class fitter for
cloak and suit house or flne dressmaker.
Box S2. 1008 Market st. ___^
AN accomplished young lady elocutionist ac-
customed to travel desires situation as com-
panlon to refined lady. Box 3020. Call.
YOUNG woman wishes work by day. washing,
house-cleaning or cooking.- Phone Scott 1324.
WANTED— Position by respectable young
lady; references. Address Box 349. Call.
WOMAN wants work . for Monday. Call or
or address MRS. H., 540 Minna, st.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes a situation
In a private family. 2207^ Pine st.
LADY to go out washing by the day. Call at
273 Natoma St.- -
WANTED— Position as stenographer or book-
keeper: city or country. Address box 24. Call.
WOM \N wants work by the day; house-
cleaning, etc 108 Alta at.
WOMAN wants work: by the day. ; washlnr.
ironing and cleaning. 318 Jessie «t. •
A LADY would like housecleaning. 441 Third
street. (^ • 'V
WANTED — A competent woman wants work
by the day. $1 50; call or phone. 148 Sixth.
POSITION as waitress small restaurant In
Oakland. Box 1177. Call office, Oakland.
LADY stenographer wishes position; best ref-
erences. Box 291. Call.
A, WOMAN wants work. 73^ Natoma st.
A YOUNG girl would take a place tn a bakery.
Address 27.10 Twenty-fourth it.
GIRL wants ' position - at - chambermaid. ' Ap-
ply 309 Sutter st. , ¦
A GERMAN' woman would like work .from -9
u> 2 in boarding-house. Call at 0 Tehama st. ,
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
WOMAN wants mending t» do by the. day.
2024A Bryant st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wlshe» ¦ttuatlon aa
flrst-class cook:dty or country. -*1 Minna it.
A LADY wishes to go out washing; by th«
day. Apply 258 Bryant st.
STENOGRAPHER wants «ltuatlon: beet ref-
erences. Boot 38S. Call.
WASHING. Ironing and nouse-cleanln*. 150T
Mission st. .
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper or offlc*
work; references. Box 344. Call.
WISH a position as housekeeper or take charo
of ranch. Box 106. 1008 Market st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Baiaar. 633 McAlU-ter at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recerved at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Chnrch at*
•EMPLOYMENT WAX TED— MALB.
MAN*. 35. wants Job; no objections to small
wages; employed evening's. Box 30, 10*
Eleventh st.
ELEVATOR operator, man 34. recently from
the East, desires employment tn hotel or of-
fice building-. Bex 020. Call office.
MIDDLE-aged barber wants Job la small coun-
try town. Address BARBER, box 903. Call.
A FIRST-class wood turner and band sawyer
wants Job. Call 313 Minna st.
A GENTLEMAN with 30 year*' experience aa
bookkeeper and office manager, lately ar-
rived from the East, but who Is now occu-
pying; a rood position as bookkeeper tn this
State, U op<n for a good and permanent po-
sition; mg* 47; highest references. Address by
letter. GEO H. HICWIE. Colllnsvllle. Cal.
STEADY, reliable man desires employment of
any kind; would like a position as delivery
wagon driver; understands horses; can fur-
nish cash security If required. Addresa
O. L. E.. 174 Fourth it., room SO. city.
A BRIGHT younr man. rood all round cleric,
some exi>erlence in -underwear business. 4
years last olace. wants any position where
advancement could be had: best city refer-
ences 1 . Box 391. Call office.
A MAN of invincible Integrity would like po-
sition as bodyguard or traveling companln.
to some good and true mortal who la In need
of such an aid. Address K. L. G.. 601 Oc-
tavla st.
COMPETENT young man would like to run.
clean or repair automobiles at any time.
Address F. I. MASLIN. 182tf San Jose ave..
Alameda.
ASSISTANT chemist, assayer and bookkeeper,
experienced man, with college- education;
has excellent references: will go anywhere.
2239 Blake st.. Berkeley. Cal.
TOUNG man, 22. speaks and writes English.
Spanish, French, wants position In a store,
clerk, office work or anything else; can fur-
Elsh references. Box 370. Call.
A STRONG and reliable young man, 23, wishes
a pos'tion to do general work about whole-
sale or retail store; country preferred; caa
also drive team; references. Box 339, Call.
A MAN would like to *av» work on private
place to take care of horses, garden, etc.: a
good driver; wages $3O to $33. Address box
1174. Call office. Oakland.
A TEMPERANCE young coachman, gardener,
milk cows, wants wcrlc In private family;
good references If required. J. JONAS,
Berkeley, Cal.
POSITION to take care of country place by so-
ber, steady married man: reference* given;
' call after 6 p. m. Addreas "SCOT." 733
Folsom st.
HONEST, steady, temperate man. middle age.
experienced driver, good horseman, wants
employment; stage line or resort; references-
Address box 107. 1008 Market st.
ACTIVE, capable man. middle aged, strictly
temperate, would like situation to care for
gentleman's country place; could handio
small datrv. Box 902, Call.
COMPETENT and experienced orchardlst
wishes to take charge of large property; best
¦<r references given. Address F. FRANK.
P. O. box 271. Led!. Cal.
YOtTNG man. 11 years' experience In groceries
with one firm, speaks German and English.
with gilt-edge reference. Address W. J. B..
112." A Howard st.. city.
ALL-AROUND laundryman. at present em-
ployed, desires position to take charge cf
Institution laundry. Address A. M. C, 304U
Seventh st.
DRAUGHTSMAN, mechanical graduate, de-
sires situation and evening work, making
nice drawings; Q?asonable rates: competent
detailer and chequer. Box 39. Call office.
A MAN. with some experience wants to ac-
company camping party as helper or nurse.
Box 3. Call.
A STUDENT (young" man) will do choree; ob-
ject home more than wages; Al references.
Box 39.. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced gar-
dener in wealthy family: wages $30. Ad-
dress 21C7, Call Branch, 22CO Flllmore st.
GROCERY clerk desires place In country
store: 3 years experience. Address Grocery
• Clerk. 655C Minna st.. S. F.
SALESMAN wants connection with a reliable
house; no house-to-house canvassing. RUBIN.
3S1 Fifth st.
PANTRY man. thoroughly experienced, wishes
situation; country; references. P. B.. 317
Stockton st.
COMPETENT man wants position as marine
or stationary fireman. J. SMITH. 16 Ship-
ley st.
YOUNG man wants place to work a few
hours each day for room and board. Addresa
J. G. BROW. Waldo House. Mission st.
EXPERIENCED office man seeks position as
bookkeeper; is also competent stenographer.
' Address box 231, Call office.
YOUNG man wants a position to make himself
generally useful. Address box 79. Call of-
flre. 1008 Market it.
A STRONG youth (20) of German parentage
wishes Dosltlon in grocery or as porter; had
experience. Box 345. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman with steady position
wants to rent room with workingman's fam-
ily. Address box 3S1. Call office.
YOUNG, experienced man wishes position as
guide for tourist in mountains. 637 Mc-
Allister st. "
FIRST-CLASS cake baker wishes steady em-
ployment. Address 2763 Call branch. 2200
Flllmore st.
A YOUNG man. 20. who has served 2 years at
machinist trade chance to finish tha
trade. Address "V..B., CO4B Seventh, st.
ALL-ROUND bookbinder, finisher _nd gilder,
speaks very little English wishes steady po-
sition: $12 a week. Box 83. IOCS Market st.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern bartender, city or coun-
try; best references. Call or addresa ~2i El-
lis st.; phone Sutter 1S21. .
BRIGHT boy 12 years old wants position where
be can advance himself. Address 13 Tbirri.
HOTEL clerk wants position: day or night;
references. Address Clerk. 1163 Mlsalon st.
, EXPERIENCED mechanical draughtsman
wants situation. S. ANITA. 60 Natoraa at.
BLACKSMITH'S helper wants position. 677
San. Jose ave.
WANTED— Situation as ranch foreman;, ex-
perienced. $30. 578 Hayes st.
SITUATION as blacksmith's helper. Apply at
142 Minna st.
WANTED — Situation as rardener; 10 years'
experience. Box 303. Call office. j
YOUNO man would like work. B. T. FLAN-
DERS. 11 Natoma st.
JAPANESE, honest boy. wants position as a
•chocl boy. 4C0 O'Farreil st.
WANTED — Position as steam fitter. 130» Lar-
kln st. •
MACHINIST wants situation. Addresa J. J.
CHAUDET. 1214 Alabama st. '
PAINTER and paperhan-er wants work In ho-
tel or Institution. 36 Mary st.
SITUATION wanted as errand boy after school
hours. 36 Mary s». \
WANTED — Situation as butler. 33A De Long
ave. *
WANTED — Work aa hotel porter. O. WIL-
COX.- 347 Kearny st.
SALOON porter wants place. G. FARGO. 8G7
Market st.
PLUMBER'S helper wants a Job. Addresa E.
H. K.. 34 Prospect ave.. B. H.
WANTED— Work as night watchman. O.
FULLER. 347 Ellis it.
LUNCH waiter wanU Job. H. J. I.TON8,
, .467 Mission it.
SPIRITUALISM. :
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
ALMEP.'S materializing seance to-night; 8
o'clock eharp, 50c; readings dally. 457 Eddy.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
¦late-writer. 1112 Eddy et. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYASTj*.
ASSURED success for you. .
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings thii week for
U $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
- PAUL DESTINE. ,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Fran:iscc.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
- (You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for: I teK you if
husband, wife nr lover Is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "in fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable: his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, • health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power lrnpla-ted In your
nature. w> you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lest vitality; rives advice on
mining and burled treasures: gives you succesa
In life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. ra. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell St.— 326.
THE FUTURE REVEALED.
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
A — For a reliable and intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 428 Eddy st.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know. •
i He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
. with the facts In your case. Let PROF.
1 LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
| troubling- you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he Is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulnees.
A lest reading- Is not a life reading When,
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
elve you a full life reading for $1. A tent
is of littlo value; when the mind 13 troubled
ycu need mure substantial aid and advice.
Permanently located 428 Eddy Et. ; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. in. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
• bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
dUcontented, cr not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles,' con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed: readlnKS by mall. Tel. Black 43C9.
ELLSMERE, greatest clairvoyant and psychic
palmist; If In trouble or doubt consult Mm;
better than Chelro or San Germalne: original,
exact, reliable: each line and mark of the
hand explained as never before; teaches and
develops others by an unfailing method: .his
clairvoyant work is unequaled; advises on
mining, law. love, marriage, health and all
affairs of life. Parlors 2 and 3. 10O7«i Mar-
ket St., near Sixth. '
MME.PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
Me, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
lit.; $1 50. • 312 Mascn st.. near Geary. .
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal n*er and life reader, will tell ypu exactly
' what you called for without askins: a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1 : hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 60c; G., $1. 7U Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and' bus. medium, read dally $1: develop-
ing class Thursday S p. m. »>12 EJdy st.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card |
reader: when others fall try me.good readings
25c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln4207.
BOOKKEEPING. English, math., etc.- day"cr
eve. individual Instr. Rm. 2. 3C5 Larkln. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly of Pac. Bus. Col.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice:
names given: 25c Up. S.15 Howard. bet. 4th.i5th.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2tiVi Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c: gents 50c
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, give names, date
and facts: readings daily. 017 Market st. .
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23 H «th; 1. 25c.. g. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 2.'c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
Mme. Odell returned: clairvoyant, card reader;
tea leaves; 2.">c up. Lower flat, 532 Ellis st.
MME. MASEAU. card reader: 1. 25c. g. 5Oc;
Wednesday only, 1. 10c, g. 25c. 120 6th st.
SPIRITUAL healer: successfully treats all dis-
eases; 2 treatments. 038 Golden Gate ave.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress, will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis St.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card' reader. «lt.
ting? dally. 44SU Je«»le nt.. bet. Sth and 6th
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally u&ed for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
aleo cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co.. 303 Market st.; phones Main
152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. -240 Fourteenth St.. clean-
- Ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 18CO Har-
rleon st. ; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating -Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BPOS.: excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 218
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison >t.: tel. Mission 26.1
CAPE NOME.
TICKET^Tflce for all points in Alaska. C. F.
MOORE, 927 Market st.. room 309. Next
steamer June 2: $75 first class, i
CO-LECTION" OmCES.
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4: collections m-de:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, room* fl-10: tel.- Main B580.
CLOTHING SENOVATINP.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CUBES RUPTTJUE.
WHO? — Huntfr, 120B Market st. : $100; rupture
cure for $10: circular' explains: send for one.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 60; fillings, COc;
plates, $5: full set; all work- painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates . made over like new: teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
Paris .Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;filllngs,23c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist.r.U.lst
floor, Phelan bid.. S0« Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Suttr.
UKKN'MAKEKS AM> SKAJIMRKSSEJ
ACCORDION, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng.
Stewart's button and buttonhole tactory. 110
Taylor *t.; tel. Folsom 2121. '-
LESSONS In dressmaking Sats. or evgs. by ap-
polnlment.MISS CAMPBELL.flo» Clay.st..r.ll
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery school — i
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.*
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful, place of business
•tudy in the entire West. New. complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on' request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
¦ Golde H Gate ave. ' . '." •- '
A BIGGER school than ever. - On June 1 we
move to new fireproof building, -73S Mission
st.' near Third. More, tpace,- finer, rooms,
better light. Finest In the West. Come and
see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE, now at
1236 Market st. t
¦ BPSI^SS^ CHANCES-— Owtlnwed^^
$3500 — FINE saloon; -downtown. - Inquire E. A.
KOLB CO.. 410 Montgomery st.
WANTED— To rent, hotel furnished. Address
with particulars box 1842. Call office.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inqulr* at
this office.
A BRANCH ornce of The Call for the reception
of.advertisemerts and subscriptions has been
opened at 100$ Market St.. opposite Fifin.
Open until 11 p. m. ___^^^^^^_>
liODUlMi-HOUSKSt KOR SALE.
'ArCAJIERoTr&Tb .,'¦'¦ ~ ' Phone "SouthToiiO.
3< Eddy, st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters ' for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to ?<i00 per month ;
clcso-in; full nice "people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 ro&ms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, "balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent: flrst-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room-; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month, one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house: reduced to $1100.
150 rooms; beautiful corner; -3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished houae
in city; call for terms and particular*.
8 rooms; flne upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450. - ¦ -
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent: clear-
ing $4<jO per month; fi.year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $330.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1000.
50 rooms; new, modern apartment house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-claes proposition.
28 roome: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything h.
flrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition In city; price $3200.
138 rooms; , downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' lease; cheap rent: elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure first-
class hotel; owner has other business; 'part
cash; balance time.
63 ropms; best downtown transient house In
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; flne little apart-
ment- house; sickness; must sell; snap; $600.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $50o to $600 per month; must sell un
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $410 per month:, $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms: rent .$145: new and elegantly fur-
nished:" oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
rood lease.
220. rooms;, naw , and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished: grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $50")
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.'
126 rooms; flne downtowh corner house; pri-
vate, baths; beautiful furniture: 2 entranced;
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
10S rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has flnt
¦bar; can be run In conjunction if «i^wlred: rare
chance for right parties: part cash, balance
fan be paid out of the house: other business
interests demand immediate departure.
Large \ltt of real estate, rooming-houses and
bUFlntss. for exchange or tradfe, always on
hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bid?., over Examiner entrance,
cor. Third. and Market sts: phone Black 3607:
hotels, rooming and apartment houses for
ealeT
1. Cut out this 10-line ad.
2. Would vou like a business location?
3. Would you like a respectable house?
4. Would you like a hou»> clearing
5. $175 aer month, over all expenses?
<>. We can show you such a. house.
7. A house that we can recommend.
8. You need only pay $1500 down. '
>?. Call and we shall show you the houo?.
10. MARION GRIFFIN. 40fi Examiner bldg.
SUTTER Bt.. 23 r.: rent $75; clears $38 month;
all men: respectable; a bargain: $1500; well
furnished. MAR10X GRIFFIN.
NEAR Market: 31 rooms: price $1300; cleaia
$100; lease; rfnt .$110. MARION GRIFFIN.
LOW rent: only $38 for 23 rooms: 3 floors;
Income $S5 over rent: near Mark«; price
$1500; part cash. \ MARION GRIFFIN.
LOOK at the price — $750 — for \\ rooms, near !
Eddy and Van Ness; on sunny side of street; :
It's a snap. MARION GRIFFIN.
N. B. — That wo can sell you r 2r-room house
full of roomers (clearing $72 a month) for
$1200; that you need only pay a* little money
down: we lend you the balance, payable In
installment!). MARION GRIFFIN.
SICKNESS compels sale of a 3 1- room house in
which the profit for 1903 was $2550 over all
expenses: price $2000; nice looking bay-win-
dow house. . MARION GRIFFIN.
HAVE We" a hlch-class 100-room hous;# Yes.
two of them; one is downtown and one near
Nob Hill; both strictly flrst-class; both
buildings new and modern: the business of
each will bear the closest Investigation; both
elegantly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.
TWO SWELL 50-room houses; one full of m?n
roomers clearing $300: cne a 6 well family
hotel clearing $450. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT: " EXTRA well furnished: quiet:
30 room3: loase: clears $250; could be made
to clear $500; price $35O»: -part rarh.
MARION GRIFFIN.
I0O ROOMS; sunny corner;* rent $125 $4500
10i> rooms; clears $350; low rent $6500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new $3S00
I 40 rooms; flne location, north of Market. $1000
40 rooms; in Oaklund; new; rent $80... .$2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. , .
A— QUICK SALE. —A
New landlady wanted: $050 cash; elegantly
furnished ,10-rocm. corner, transient house;
must sell to-day to close estate. KREDO &
CO.. 0G3 Market gt.
50 ROOMS; sunny corner house; all outside
bay-window rooms; east, south' and west ex-
posures; with lease: rare opportunity; lnves-
tlgate. Box 3481, Call office. ¦
LODGING-HOUSE of 23 rooms for sale; well
furnished; all rooma full; price $2700; rent
frWO; Investigate this. Bux J5S3S, Call.
SNAP— 10 rms.. elegantly furn.; Van Nes3;
going. East; offer wanted.. Sklrm. 6 Eddy.
SNAP— Corner; 2 floors; bus. location: folding
beds; must be sold; gas ranges. Box 341. Call. !
$450— 7. ROOMS; newly furnished house; cheap
rent: going East. 312 Mason st.. near Geary.
. LODGIXG-HOUSES WANTED.
"WANTED— Lodging-house to rent of about 15
or Id rooms, not to exceed $50. Address H. i
P. LATHAN. 1255 California st.
• COTTAGES TO LET.
OCEAN Beach , Boulevard— Furn car cottage.
$12; larger house. $15. Inquire 515B Taylor.
COTTAGES FOtt SAL—.
ELEGANT cottage. 6 rooms~and bath ; sun on
all sides; high basement. Call : 4011 Nine-
teenth st,, corner of Noe.
* 40O 5r" FOR eale — A cottage. 6 rooms and bath.
102!).Capp st.:, call from 9 a. m. to 2 p. m.
3-ROOM cottage, furnished. In beautiful Camp
•Meeker. Inquire 715 Castro sL
, [}.\ COTTAGES; WASTED. *
WANTED by man and wife, furnished cottage
-or flat; summer months only;' good location.
Address box 266.^ Call. .. , tv i
JOHN D. SPBECXEI.S L T*opirletor L _
litiix ccm-saUas 13 3SHS KgiDEHTjjaMgr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TEX DOLLARS IUSWARD.
Notify The Call Office if You Miss
Your Paper.
If lor any canae THE CAM i» not de-
livered reimlarly to -ub-crlber- please
call op "CALL EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk In eaarre. Tour com-
. plaint will receive prompt attention.
A staaaing- rewari of Ten Dollar*
(S10JO0) is offered lor the arrest and
conviction of any one camrht stealing"
Tin: call.
TE1.KFHONE.
Atk ior THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
• nect Tou With the Eepartrnent Tou Wl«a.
Publication Office Market and Tnlrd. S. F.
• Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per T^?« k - 7S
Ct». P*r Month. Slrgle Copies 15 <£•!_.„,
1>rxn« by ilali. Including Poetage (Cash vwta
Order) : .„ „«
I2AILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year «.oo
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday) « nsos * ; w
IJAILY CALL— By Single Month •**;
FCNIXAT CALL. 1 Tear *™
"WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year V-
r Eai:y...?8.80 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J Sunday. *. 15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ \vUkly! 1.00 Per Tear Extra
Ai.L. POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£-_ple Ccpses wll! be forwarded when re-
Mall «ubscrlbers in ordering ebange «**£-
drese fhould be particular to give both r»fc.w
AND OLD ADDRESS in orcer to lnrure a
prcic^t and correct compliance witn their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
J116 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
n« Center Street Telephone I^ortB 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
•AAlUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TOKK NEWS STANDS:
WaSdorr-AFtcrta Hotel: A. Erentano. 81
Cuicn Square: Murray Hill Hotel: FUU»-ave-
CUe HottJ and HcSman Houmi.
. •' CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehenr.sn House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House: Auditorium
• Betel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATrVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquetta Building
CLong Distance Telephone. "Central -619. )
XEVt YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FTEFHEN-B. SMITH. ...3U Tribune BuUdia*
' NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
• C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Square
EfSINESS OFFICE cf th» Ran Francisco
Ca!l. corner Market and Third streets; opea
vr.til 12 c'cJocl: every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
J00> Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. r...
t27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 9-.ao p. tn.
80<i Hayes street; cpen ustll 9:30 p. m.
«-T» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*15 I.ftrkin itreet: cpen until 9:30 p. tn.
"1W1 M:f5ion etrwt: open until 10 p. m.
t-'Cl M_rket street, corner Sixteenth; opea
until 9 p. b. . •
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
"I0?ii Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan etreeti;
cr^n until S p. m.
Northwest corner nf Twenty-second and Ken-
¦t-jcky etreets: open until 9 p. ra.
»20p F'.l'.rnore street; cpen until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOW> T
ron the soimer.
CAX_L subscriber, contenplarln? a
chance of residence daring the «ui nraer
months e&n have their caper forwarded
by a ail to their new address by notify-
ing- TEE CALL Business OEce. This
paper wll] also be en sale at all summer
ecscrts anl is represented by a local
agent in all towns on the coast.
.MEKIIM. XOTICES.
AEXtXm of Goldc:; Gate Commar.dery . y_
No ¦• !¦:. T.. f£5 Putter Bt.— Special Tf3~
aa-einbly THIS EVENING at 7 EJ
o'clock. Order of f.r-4 Oofs. All
iruttr* are courteously invlu-d. By
order cf the «.'r>mn".ander
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO <Tiaptcr No. 1. fi
. Ro-ml Arch Mason*, meets TUWVy
. EVENING. Fourth deere*. /V\
II. G. PBIKCG. Secretary.
'OCjXPEVIIUUU I^oizr No. -J2, F t A. Q
M.— THIS <MUNI)AY) EVENING, atW
. ~:M o'clock. Third De_ref Master /VN
;.5aF<mE cordially invited. By order
.,f the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMONS Lodge No 2GO. F. »
and A. M.. 1839 Fillmore «. Third W
d'-gn* TH1P (MONDAY) EVENING /^\
at 7:00 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
HKKMANN Lodpe No. 145. I. ow_v*_,
• ¦- O F- — Officers and m< mt'-r* .-•. j«aJ34ii*i
• .-:.!¦>¦ rf-quested to a'l':.']v^<K*1
the regular meeting on MON- ¦^?P^r*G s *
DAY. May 2-'5. DouHe initiation and first
nomination of officers. Visitors welcome.
MAX BORCK. Noble Grand.
sieofbied <x>hn, Secretary.
THE Caledonian Club will hold Its . _? >,
ihir:y-elghth annual gathering and ii£l/7
pair.es at Ehrll Mound Park. MON- VVTtgt
DAY May 3ft 1904. Renowned
fathlctes of the Pa-.iflc Coast, from the Ea.n.
als« -from Australia, will compete. Ov«r
S3 1 XX) will b*. . distributed in prizes. In ad-
dition a gold medal valued ct $200 will te
aw.rded to the bt-?t player on the bagpipes
c'f Scottish national aJrs. Highland dancins
on p!-tform by lad? snd lassk-s in costume.
Programmes drycribing over forty events
will be distributed in the city; also across
the. bay; get on*. Full bands for the pa-
vilion*; dancing in the pavilions until 8 p.
.m. Visitors will be accorded a genuine
• Highland welcome. Buy round trip tickets
for Shell Mound Park. Admission to grounds
—Adult*. 50c; children -5c.
A. M MACPHERSON. Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
'. };U anuual meeting of the stockholders of
the fcierra Railway Company of California
v.'l!I be held at the office* of the company
No. _5» Crocker buildine. City and County
> f San Francisco. State of California, on
MONDAY, the sth day of February. 1904. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
of electing directors fcr the ensuing year
and the transaction of euch ether business js
may come before said meeting. Dated at
-an Francisro. Cal.. January 23. 1904. S.
l>. FRESHMAN. Secretaiy.
The ebu\e meetinc adjourned until April
lltli. II* 4. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Feb. 8. 1004. S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
"The above meetinr adjourned until Ju.y
Uih. li»04. at 11 o'clock a. ra.
April 11. 1904. S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
ANNUAL MEETING — The i-ecular annual
mettinjr cf the stockholders of the Olympic
£*lt Water Compar.y will \>e held at the
f>:fice cf the company. C27 Market street. Ban
Francisco, Cal.. oa Monday the _3d day of
May. 1U04. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. tn..
let the purpose of electing- a board of di-
rectors to serve for the enduing year, and
tb« transaction of tuch oth«r business as may
com* be'ere the meet:nfr. Transfe- books will
close on Friday. May 13th. 1»')4, at 2 o'clock
V m. CHARLES A. GIBSON. £>rcretary.
ACKMS WASTED.
WE want # number of live, hustling men at
once .•¦> canvatj in the city; liberal terms.
A:>i;ly tc V.'hite Sfw:ns Machine Co., 300
Post et. and 1S41 FIDmore ct.
INDUSTRIAL and intermediate insurance
a rente; best policies In market. Call morning
cr:<l evening, rooms 219-KO. Emma Spreckels
building.
A FEW pood hustlers to canvaes from wagons.
A. F. ADAMS CO.. 018 Mafon Et.
ATTOII.VKVS-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE. <juick divorce for email fee.
S*=e me and eave money; no oay tn advance.
<5. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
I>!ab!i!-a"d 22 yrs.: rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5.1st fl.,
1122 Market *t.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free ell matters. Detectives txnployed.
R W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor, entrance room fill: established 20
years; all ca«s, general court and office prac-
iice: no fe» In advance or for consultation;
evening- by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
• "ADVICE free: divorce cost* *12; no fees or
cotts in advance: all law business ; of flee
open S&turtiay evening*. S19 Market St.. r. 31.
DIVORCE— Coets, fl2; quick, quiet; advice
.irr*; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; cpen evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no puDliclty; adv'S."
tree; costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 21»9.' S. *.
L. S. CLARK./ 027 Market St.: consultation
free: no fees in advance: open evenings.
ASTHMA JgMgPY.
A Dl Kola's Asthma Itemedy~7ell«ves Ins tan t-
'ly. joe. 2Sc. 60c 16(G Market. St. Nlchota*.
atjtomobh.es.
A RAMBLER automobile for sale. Address
box 3766. Call office.
AUTOMOBILE wanted; Stanhope preferred.
Box ::S40. Call office.
I DOAIIDIXC KOR CHILDREN.
A GOOD home for small 0^^"
care; teru.» reasonable. 2ir_3 Buena Msta
ave.. Alameda. _^
WANTED — By an experienced woman, an In-
fant to board. 212 Seventh st.
BOS1XKS9 JCHAKCE9.
A— «2S00rSALOO*r; choicest location on Mar-
ket st : low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a flret-class paying business. Call
R, G. WILKE, 204 Kearny et.
A— $250- BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R*. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— 52760; CORNER saloon on Market at., in-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $80;
lease; a first-claes location and well estaD-
plished place. See R. G. WILKB. 26% Kear-
ny it. ___________
A— 4950: CIGAR stand, with 4 yean' lease;
rent $20; one of the best transfer locations
in this city: place easily clearing $100 per
month. See R- O. WILKE. 26K Kearny st.
A — $2000; BOAP factory; a splendid and well-
establlihed business; also manufactory of
washing powder; owner will allow buyer to
Investigate business for 14 days. See R. G.
WILKE. 26>j Kearny Bt.
A— $700; SALOON with long leaae In choicest
part of this city; rent $40; a good paying
business. Call R. O. WILKE. 28 H Kearny.
A — $600 — CHOPHOUE15 and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place eatab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
' $175 per month. See B. G. WILKE. 2«H
Kearny »t. r-'-/
A— DRUGSTORE: — drugstore — drugstore; price
$4500; established 27 years; lease 6 years;
rent $60; one of the best paying stores in this
city; own«r to retire. Call K. G. WILkt.
¦ 26 Kearny -t.
A— $600; BUTCHER shop on Mission St.; rent
$16; dally recelDts $55; kept by owner »
years; proprietor to »ee exposition in St.
Louii cause of .ale. R. O. WILKE, 26 V4
Kearny ' Et.
A — 1100; CORNER saloon with 7 rooms on
' Bryant et. ; rent $50; place surrounded by
factories and warehouses; a good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26',-fe Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
good furniture, lease, place paying welL See
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $500; PARTNER wanted in chophouse and
coffee saloon; cpen day and night; a first-
class proposition. See R. G. WILKE, 2o»4
Kearny st. ___
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; daily sales
60 cans; 8 horses 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers: business kept by owner 15
years; a good-p«ying investment. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny it.
A— $500; BUTCHER shop; eetab. years; all
cash trade; $40 per day; rent $20; -best lo-
cation; a bargain; owner must leave. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny St.
A — $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
ttore with 4 rooms: rent $25: flne location:
good bu-lness. See R. G. WILKIE. 26H
Kearny et. |
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stockton us.; rent $160; lease; place estab-
lished years; flret-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $900; SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk sts. ;
rent $50; this is a good paying and old es-
tablished buslnese; a worklngman's place;
rare chance. See Et. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny.
$3000— GROCERY and bar. on Fourth st.. about
1 block from Market et. ; lease; good paying;
established years; sickness only cause of
tale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H: Keatny st_
A— $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business ; store receipts about $60 per day:
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 2ttH
Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON en Montgomery st.; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: Investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarter* for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: flne '
groves; 36-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for busimss: "<i acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per 'year; equity In
this $2500; death In family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR 6ale — We-Il-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent: 6Vi years' lease;
one of the b*st transfer corners in city; do-
ing flne business: other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect:
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rrcg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 1> acres inside city
Iimit6; one of best interior cities In Califor-
nia: house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-houw; price $4000. CAMERON &
"CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; ren..
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Carrla-e and wagon- factory and
general JobMne: established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.: full investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. . CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 8 EDDY «t.
PARTNER wanted — $2000; half Interest in
manufacturing business; a staple article in
daily demar.d; 2 retail stores and 2 wagons;
doing a cash business; would like to enlarge
plant to supply wholesale trade; references
t exchangtd; positively no agents. Address box
1173. Call office, Oakland.
SEE BROWN CO.. 1221 Market st~for quick
sales and bargains; phone Howard 2925.
$225 — Bakery, oven, groceries, milk; bargain.
$175— Partner take cash. large rest.; snap.
$250 — Partner, coast monoply; big money.
$00 — Saloon, bar. back bar, pool table. ¦
5300 SECURES half Interest Jn commission
office whereby party can easily clear $125
rsonthly; murt have references, also mean
business: experience not necessary. Particu-
lars 1007 ',4 Market St.. room 1.
FOR sale — General merchandise store In Wash-
ington; small town In agricultural and min-
ing locality; good substantial trade; will sell
stock and lease buildings. Address for fur-
ther particulars, box 187, Call office.
$1100 — HOTEL in northern part of State for
sale; everything in first-class, running order;
good trade; live town; must sell or will take
a partner, one that can take charge of the
business. Box 2767. Call office. •
$t500— ALL or part of a popular cash retail
business for sale; doing $40,000 per year; 25
per cent profit; owner compelled to leave
State. Address WILL M. BEGGS, attorney.
San Jose. Cal.
AN old established good paying bakery for
sale; a flne opportunity for a practical
baker. Inquire bet. II a. m. and 1 p. m.,
H. G. MEHRTENS, cor. Webster st. and
Railroad ave.. Alameda.
A— T. J. DUNN A CO. Phone Howard 3468.
1312 Market st.
We have all kinds of business places for
sale. Call on us for Information. '
A— $5000; INVESTMENT will yield 20 per
cent; gravity system water works for thriv-
ing mining town. For particulars address
box 222. Call.
$lfi.f)CO— GENERAL merchandise store in Cen-
tral California doing a business of $40,000 per
year. Address for full particulars, princi-
pals cnly. box 144, Call office.
$500 WILL buy a good-paying, well-located,
old-established - meat market; fine family
trade; a bargain. Apply H. S. MEHRTENS.
Railroad ave. and Webster it. Alameda. .
FOR eale — General merchandise and forward-
Ins business In northern country- town of
growing Importance on 6. P. R. R. ; splendid
opportunity. Box 138, Call office.
A— SNAP; 6-chalr barber shop: cost $1500; go-
Ing East; payments; $750. Sklrm. 6 Eddy. 'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY, MAY 23. 1904.
9
HEl*^XVJMTRJ^MATLlS~^onUnueil.
CONTRACTORS' Employment and Labor Agcy.
. (135 Washington st. ; phone James 3301. t
Laborers, teamsters and rockmen. . U. 9.
Government work, Nevada, 8 hours' work.
$2 and $2 25 day. cheap fare; 30 laborers,
large lumber Co., north, $40 and found; 8
teamsters, new R. R. work. $2 day, free
fare; 3 woodchoppers, $1 CO cord; night cook,
city, $8 week; cook, city restaurant. $16 week;
woodturner, near city, $3 to $3 50; 3 car-
penters, city. $3 50; blacksmith, country, $3;
blacksmith for dredger, $15 and found;
blacksmith's helper. $2 25; cabinet maker,
- city. $3 50 to $4; glazier, near city, $3 60;
shearman, near city, $3 50; boy to learn
trade city, small salary to start; 6 boys,
sash 'and door factory, $1 25 to $1 CO day;
wheelwright for ranch, $40 and found; 4
marble poll""*™' city, $2 (50 day; 3 men for
orchard and vineyard work, $30 and found:
tinsmiths, $3 50 to $4 day; sheepherder, $30
and found, and lota of other Jobs.
L. H. CUTTING _ CO.
. _ __ i
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks requtred; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free,
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
UNCLE SAM wants help: examinations for
custom-house positions will be held in July:
apply for our free catalogue giving par-
ticulars Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldg., cor. Market and Seventh sts.
WANTED— Three first-class carriage black-
smiths and three flrst-claas body makers:
good wages and steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. MEISTER _ SONS CO.,
Sacramento. Cal. %
BARBER shop; 3 chairs, bath and bootblack
stand; also household effects; good business;
In lively mining town; cheap rent; snap.
Box 3, Placervllle, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new roome to the Denver House,
217 Third st. : 250- rooms; 25c to BOc per night
TRT cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
exprers or mall charges.. 11 3d at, Exam. bid.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wagts
while learning. 741A Howard st
SAILORS and young 'men (green hands) for
ihlps. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40, Phelan bldg.
¦ Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet G. A. R.
WANTED — Japanese porter. 70 Third st
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite rift-
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor.Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 663 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25o
' to BOc. BK3 MlfFlon at., bet. l»t and 2d »U.
HEIiP WANTED — SALESMEN.
WANTED — Salesman and solicitor. Mutual
Investment Co., 4C7 Parrott building.
BOUSES AND WAGONS.
9. 12 AND 14 passenger 4-seat surries, second-
hand Toomey cart, low phaeton, platform
gear surrey and oak trap, hack, coupe, pneu-
matic buggy. 2 bikes and tandem cart
O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave. and Polk at
FOR sale — High-class saddle mare, sired by
hackney horse out of thoroughbred mare;
sound; 0 years old; gentle; drives single or
double. 1611 California st.
BAY horse. 6 years old, good driver; second-
hand Petaluma cart; made to order. Inquire
309 Telegraph ave.. Oakland. • , >.
FOR sale— $175; mare, 7 years old, gentle in
every respect, safe for woman to drive; will
go double, trot or pace. Box 25, . Call.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S. F.
FOR eale — A black horse; a good driver. Box
173, Call offlce.
WANTED — A good sound horse; broke to drive
and to the saddle. Box 155, Call.
DRIVING horse for Kale; black: 6 years old;
sound and gentle. Box 143, Call office. ¦ . • ,
TWO second-hand platform spring wagons, one
3-ton, one 4^ ton, one truck. 223 Beale st
FOR sale — Youns horse; good driver. Box
3970, Call offlce.
A BLACK horse for sale; 7 years old; gentle
and sound. Box 3765, Call.
BUGGY horse for pale, young and gentle.
Box 3837. Call offlce.
WANTED — Cart or sulky; pneumatic tiree.
Box 314. Call.
FOR sale cheap — 100 kinds of surreys, camp
wagons, rubber-tire buggies. 1503 Folsom st
ONE pony and buggy or cart and harness for
sale cheap. 1504 Folsom and Eleventh st.
HORSES' of all grades bought, sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. 05 Hermann st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagrons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
BOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — KUHNiSHED.
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms, will rent for 2
to 4 months. $50; call or phone In forenoons.
2S22 Pine st. ; phone Pine 501.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
HOUSE. 12 or 22 rooms, for sale, very cheap.
118 Jcnes st, between 12 and 3.
_AP»c_:_B roa. ____.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
•t.; for pleasure and business; teL Bush 534.
j J. MIchaelis Launch Co.. Union-st wharf ;boat-
lng A excursions. 6 Steuart fit. ; tel. John 2688.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savins
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of ANNA E. STREICHER. No.
200-001 The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST — Pearl brooch, diamond center, Shell
Mound or on train or boat; $20 reward if re-
turned to 267 Thirteenth st, bet. Mission
and Howard.
LOST — Thursday, the 19th. heavy band ring
set with two diamonds and emerald. Finder
will be liberally rewarded by returning same
to E. Reed. 865 Market St.
LOST — Gentleman's gold watch, key winder,
ladles' chain attached; between Kearny and
California and Dupont and Clay. Return
1122 Larkin, r. 5; liberal reward; keepsake.
LOST — A Kold link bracelet set with irregular
pearls; liberal reward. Cashier, 205 Samp-
son st. .
LOST — Diamond horseshoe, on Sutter st.. bet
Hyde and Powell. Return to Hotel Granada,
room 9. and receive reward.
LOST — A hand-painted muffler, with the In-
itials E. O. R.. In San Mateo. Sunday,
getting off cars. 3822 Army st.. 3. F.
$75 REWARD — Heavy ring, 2 diamonds and
emerald; keepsake. Box 918. Call office.
LOST— Llewellyn setter; white, with black
spots; name Deacon. Large reward 309 Jones.
FOX tyrler bitch, near Waller and Central
ave. Return to Terminal. Hotel; reward.
LOST — May 18, Irish setter dog; heavy feath-
ered; liberal reward No. 3 Grand et.
LOST — Fly casting club medal. Reward for
return to 9 Montgomery st.
. MCATB— -O_TA_.
AMERICAN widow. 40. wants to form ac-
quaintance with tradesman. Address . box
1179, Call offlce. Oakland.
GENTLEMAN, 32. Independent circumstances,
good appearance, desires acquaintance with
unincumbered lady of good appearance; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 317. Call office,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call." 16 pages, sent to any address in, the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick reliet
from Irregularities consult me; ray methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fee*. -CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE:' 17 years' experience in all
female disorders; can or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS DR WTETH, specialist tor all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 yean 1 experience. 828 Post ¦_
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% ¦ Market st, opp. itkv
HELP WANTED — MALE — Con.
A— MURRAY & READY. 631-638 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
PHONE MAIN 5S1S.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH. SWISS, FRENCH,
GERMAN. GREEK, ITALIAN.
Your fare free. Look — Free fare
TO STATE OF NEVADA
• If you stay four months THAT'S ALL.
V. H. GOVERNMENT WORK.
205 tr.-o-horte tcamstars. $C0.
106 laborers, you'll suit. $60.
I>5 drillers, rockmen, hammersmen. $75.
Eight hours' work dally; hundreds going.
6 carpenters, city Jobs. $4 day.
Wheelwright, operate wheel machine, fare
i $1. $3 day.
Boilermaker, fare 60c, $3 and $3 50 day.
¦\V_eelwrieht, 50c fare, $50 and found.
16 coopers, slack wcrk. steady.
2 cornicemen, exceptionally good Jobs, $3 50
day.
Carriage painter, sticker hand, country. $4
day. \
Molder and sticker hand.
Ganjr edgerman, fare $1, $55 to $70 found.
Screw turner. Santa Clara County, $75.
5 sh:ngle packers, different places.
Cut-off sawyer; 4 shinglers, $1 per M.
Edgerman. fare $1 (10, $45 and found.
4 laborers L. Co.. $C0.
10 carpenters' helpers, $3 and $2 60 day.
LOOK.
12 horseshoers, city and country. $4, $3 50,
$3, .<2 50 day.
14 blacksmiths and helpers $1, $3, $2 day.
STABLEMEN.
26 stablemen, city and country. $75, $60, $60
and found.
HAYMAKERS.
25 hoymakers, mowers, $1 25 day and found.
20 vineyard and orchard hands, $25, $30 fd.
36 milkers and buttermakers, $30 to $50
and found.
lii choremen and boys, $15 to $30 and found.
MINES.
12 machine miners, $00.
186 woodchoppers. all over California.
MEN AND WIVES.
HOTELS AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
'-'«; ccoka, $30. $40, $50, $00, $70 and found.
16 waiters, ?25, $30 $40 and found.
18 dlshwaehers, $20, . $25, $30, $35 found.
12 porters, bell and elevator boys, $30 to $15.
Baker, country shop, $50 and found.
LAUNDRY.
26 laundrymen, different departments. $15 to
$22 a week. •
MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS
TELEPHONE AND LETTER ORDERS.
Door molder, 55c fare, $2 to $3 day.
35 HAYMAKERS.
$1 SO. $1 50 and day day. $1 SO.
Painter, carriage works, fare $1 50, $50 fd.
Logirer. understands rlgginp, north, $60 fd.
Screw turner, email L mill. $55 found.
TOGETHER.
Screw turner, south; edgerman, south; hook
tender, south.
2 brick loaderR, country. 25c M.
Vegetable gardener, $30 found.
Edgerman, lumber company, boss here, $50
and found.
3 plumbers, $4 a day.
Coremaker, city, good Job, $3 day.
6 carriage pulntere, $12 to $15 week.
LOOK!
Foreman molder. Iron worker, $4 to $5 'day.
Boy learn trade. Weavers on blankets.
FREE FARE TO ALL. •
9 boilermakers. boss here, $3 50 to $4 day.
time and a half overwork, including board
and lodging.
Roller tnnder for flour mills.
5 laborers, lumber company. $35 and found.
LOOK!
Polisher, northern laundry, $15 week.
Ironer, charge of country ironing. $75.
Roustabout, musician preferred, springs, $30.
6 section hand/;, fare 50c, $1 60 day.
10 farm hands, southern town, $1 25 to $1 50
day.
Best Places at— MURRAY _ READY'S.
Best Wages at— 634-636 Clay st.
BUTCHER, all round man. fare $1. $35 found.
Second cook, $45 found.
Chef cook, $(5O; second cook, $25 found,
steamer, together.
5 laborers. Swedes, Danes or Norwegians, for
big lumber company, $35 found.
6 drillers, city Job. $G7 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
CARPENTER, foreman. 80c fare, $4 day.
Bench hand, planing mill, fare $1, $3 50 day.
Bandsawyer, city mill, $2 50 day.
16 miners, gold gravel mine, $75.
25 laborers, gold quartz mine, $67 60.
3 machine miners, $£K).
Paiiiter and tinter. city Job.
Man and wife; man help In kitchen, buy for
b. h.; wife wait on table; mine; $60 fd.
Ironer. country, fare $1 25, $2 50 day.
Woodturner, 55c fare. $3 to $3 50 day.
Teamster, city. 3 horses, strong, stout man,
$:j day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 day st
MANUFACTURING CO."
12 laborers, fare $1 50, $00.
Laborer, city manufacturing company, $2 25
day.
12 laborers, 25c fare. $2 day.
LOOK!
2 bricklayers, free fare. $4 day found.
LOOK!
4 carpenters, DOc fare, $3 50 day.
2 stablemen, mine town, $35 found.
Teamster, city, light wagon, $12 week.
2 helpers In city mill, you'll suit, $9 week.
Stableman, milk 1 cow, $35 found.
LOOK!
Cook, institution. $50 found.
Helper on bread, city Job. $15 week.
2 waiters, fare $5, tray work, $30 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
95 Third nt. Telephone Main 5521.
Men for pipe line, south, $2 25.
Milker, north, $30 and found.
Man and wife In dairy, $50 and found.
Man generally useful, wife to cook.
AVoodchoppers. north. $1 50 cord, oak.
Ranch hands. $30 and found, north.
Cabinet-makers and bench hands, $3 50.
Coopers, piece work, south; no strike.
Cook, mining camp, few men, $35 and found.
Nevada teamsters. J2 25: laborers. $2.
HORD & SMITH.
ANDRE'S Offlce. 317 Stockton st. — Cooks, wait-
ers, pantrymen, dishwashers and potwaahers
for summer resorts and springs; relief cook
$"<>; third cook. StiO; cook on 1 vineyard. $30;
kitchen boy, private place, $25; German
young porter for saloon, $10 week; bedmaker
$20 and found; elevator boy. $25; waiterl
plain hotel. $25 to $30; farm hand. $35; sta-
bleman, private place, $30; teamster, private
park, $26. etc.
WANTED for U. S. army; able-bodied un-
married men, between a*es of 21 and 35;
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temt>exate habits, who can speak,
read and write Enxlich. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer, Rlalto building.
New Montgomery bt., San Francisco, or 1029
Eecond St., Sacramento, Cal.
BOY 16 to 18 years old to attend to soda foun-
tain; wages $(> a week to begin; must live
at home with parents. Inquire 810 Market
St., 9 a. m.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7, for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
cr cvenincs.
BARBERS wanted — Meeting of great Impor-
tance; it affects you, so come, by all means
and take part. JOSEPH R. BLEILY. Sec-
retary^
WANTED — Good house painters at 142 Steiner
street.
A FIRST-cIass- coatmaker wanted. Palace Ho-
tel, rooms C and D.
WANTED — Dishwasher In restaurant 113
Turk st
WANTED — Blacksmith for repairing and horse-
shoeing. Fourteenth ave and N st. South.
A GOOD barber wanted at 509 Montgomery
avenue. .
BARBER wanted at 751 Mission st.
MAN wanted around house. 1443 Harrison st.
SHOEMAKER with tools' wanted on repair-
inc; steady work. 621 Sacramento st
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman
Apply between -9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS/ .__
YOUNG man; experienced clothing stock clerk-
must furnish Rood reference. PAUSON &
CO., Sutter and Kearny sta.
YOUNG man for offlce and errand work, about
10 years old; apply In own handwriting
Box 89. Call offlce.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Western College of
Barbers, 647 Commercial st.
EXPERIENCED wrapper wanted. Apply at
6. N. WOOD CO., 740 Market «t ~
WANTED— Printed book forwarder. F. MAL-
LOYE, 422 Sacramento at
WANTED— A painter. 22 Third st
CAKEBAKER (foreman), must be first class-
Bcod wages; references required. Box 903,Cali
W ANTED — Solicitor for Berkeley; good pay
right man. Box 20. Call offlce, Berkeley.
DRUMMERS wanted for merchant tailor. 1125
Market st., between Seventh and Eighth.
THREE-CHAIR 10c barber-shop for sale. '229
r«urth ft.
$110 BUYS good 2-chair old-established barber
•hop; 2 furnished rooms. 892 Dolores st
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts, of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
MEDICAL— Contlpped.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the moot difficult cases, treated;
advice free.- Offlce. 1018 Market st
Drs. Goodwin, 733. Turk, nr. Van Nes»— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; inst relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 3; 25 yrs. exper.
DRS. LAMB have moved from Murphy building
to the Mulrhead building, 15S4 Market st.
corner Larkin. •
"EZE-MENSA" cures Irregularities in three
daysj $1 per bottle; $1 25 by express. C_N-
TURY REMEDY CO.. 405 Montgomery st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, ia permanently located at 611A
Leavenworth at, bet Geary and O'FarrelL
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded: confidential.
DR. EMILIA FUNKE. 1416 8th st, Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st, corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market
LADIES' Irregularities cured r 18 years' ex.;
private. Dr. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st
MI-T-S AUTO Mr-TEfffJ.
A GILT edge chance for mining Investment: a
limited number of shares of the Osceola Min-
ing and Developing Company (incorporated)
will be sold at 25 cents per share; this stock
will go to par ($1 per share) within one year.
For full Information, call or write Osceola
Mining and Developing Company. 414 Cross-
ley building, San Francisco. Cal.
$U*> — SART gold mining; rich placers; long
lease; new machine; great opportunity.
HALL. 691 Sutter st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALH.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN*
TOSH & WOLP1LAN, 195-197 Fremont 8t
STANDARD oil rig. fuUy equipped, and 1500
feet of casing. 11% In. to 7% in.; also 1500
feet of 8 and 6 inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars GAFFE Y A MAHON. &0& Cali-
fornia st.
___________________
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin cr ehlrgrles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 200 Front St.; tel Main 1428.
A— FINE suits, $7 50; dress paints. $2 50. Orlg-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny et.,
near Bu9h; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, aell» or rents pear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR sale — Cal. motor bicycle, first-class order,
or exchange for a second-hand piano. Inquire
at .33 Welch st, near Bryant, off Fourth.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to Op. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
PIPE—-Second-hand; 3, 4 and 6 Inch.; good
condition; braes and iron fittings, all sizes.
THOMPSON. 40 Main st. ¦
GAS engines, 6 horsepower. Bay City Iron
Works. Oakland.
FOR sale — Elegant 60-llght bath cabinet; rea-
sonable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis St..
FOR sale — A good upright piano; German
make; cheap. Apply 1104 Harrison st.
FOR sale — Great Dane pups, 4 months. 640
Stanyan st.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT _ AWNING CO. ,85 Mkt. Tel. Bush 858.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllister St., nr. Market.
LAUNCH: half cabin; new Racine engine. Ad-
dress 1435 Park st. Alameda.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, offlce 229 Stevenson.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Bacigalupi,
moved to 780 Mission St.
SECOND-HAND safes. $33; CO-lnch desk. $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 816 Market st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new: 16x16. 319 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. QARIN. S03 II ay ward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p., cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING picture.", magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines. autor-"biles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents* full dress suits etc.; send
postal 'card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castoff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
WANTED— Second-hand dynamo, 80 to 100
light capacity. T. J. DUNN & CO.. 1312 Mkt.
A FOOTPOWER screw-cutting lathe; give
price and swing. 1534 Folsom st.
HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothing. Tel.
. Davis S25; 6B0 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
SHOES wanted; misfit — castoff; highest prcs.;
new tc 2d-hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
; MONEY TO LOAN.
AA-V— H_rT_AN MUkjeHYT""
601-602-603 Kxamlner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, .undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents;- property In trust
etc; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 6% AND « PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN and COUNTRY real eatate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property In
trust; loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
CROCKER BUILDING. ' -
POST AND MARKET STS.
*~~~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or . 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Lew rate of Interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
; Box 408. Call offlce. ¦
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
(.-•states In probate, undivided interest In
estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of interest _-
,. RIVERS BRO3.. 205 Montgomery st
SALARY LOANS—"
Money loaned salaried people without «ecur-
ity or Indorsement knowledge of employer or
anyone: confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get tern-. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or plana.
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. .68 Ponohoe bldg- 1170 Market st
BIGH—Y respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances! on diamonds. Jewelry, at 3
per cent > Interest Baldwin Jewelry Store.
Mfl Market; teL Main 1044. Branch. 18 Tbird.
MONET loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect.
* ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton ;pUone Bush 43V 1
FLATS^JTO^LKT — Continued.
NEW. comer, upper flat. 8 rooms, bath; ma-
rlae view; reduced. 2294 Filbert st.
NEW modern 7-room flat; sun in every room.
:<25 Bartlett street.
SUNNY C rooms and bath; rent $22 50. Walnut
Bt. between Sacramento and California.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. N.E. cor-
ncr Broadway and Leavenworth «t.
TO let— Runny flat of C rooms and bath. 1730
Ellis Et.. near Steiner.
UPPER flat of 7 rooms and bath to let: sun-
ny and modern. 136 Belvedere; rent $45 mo.
FLATS TO LET-— FURNISHED.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat of 7~rooms~to
rent for a months at $75 per month: north-
east corner; sun all day; private entrance;
refs. required. Ad. 207 Sansome. rooms l-'l.
SUNNY furnished floor; Drivate residence;
adulU; rof. Bcx 124, Call office.
5- ROOM sunny flat: healthy location. 4230A
20th St.. near Castro; $20.
DIAMOND. • S19 — Sunny furnished flat of 3
rooms for housckpg; hot and cold water; $16.
FURNISHED flats-^-4 rooms; rent $16. 154
Tehama st
GROVE, 71S— Flat of 7 rooms; coal and gas
etoves; piano; call 11 to 3 o'clock.
HELP WANTED— PE3IALE.
WANTED — Waitress for springs. $25; 3 wait-
resses for resorts, $25; waitress and side
work, Santa Cruz Mts., $25; waitress and
wash difhes for mining camp, $25; 4 chain.
brrmaids and waitrepyes for country hotels.
$25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 334
Sutter st
WANTED — Scandinavian eecond girl. $30: sec-
ond girl and reamstres?, $25; nurse and sec-
ond girl. $_0; cook, short orders. $10 week;
girl, general housework. 2 In family, Mari-
posa, $25; cook, no wash.. Contra Costa Co..
$30; 14 young girls for general housework
In city. $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 234 Sutter %t.
A HOUSEKEEPER. $20; 2 second girls. $25;
chambermaid. $30; 2 cooks. $30 and $40;
ranch cook. $25; 10 hcuseglrls. $25 and $30;
nurse girl $25; woman for light housework,
$15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
A MAN and wife for a farm; wages $50; see
party In city; offlce hours, 8:30 a. m. to
5:30 r>. m. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
St., near Powell. •
HOUSEKEEPER In Berkeley; teach little girl
music; wages $20 and found; American lady
preferred. California Employment Agency,
14 Third gt.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
la 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary st, room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
ealt«iadies. etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk up,
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdreesing
trade, manicuring, ma.esa.ge, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WAITRESS wanted. Capital Restaurant, 206
McAllister st
A— OPERATORS en ladies' walsta C56 Mis-
sion St., third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladies* underwear. 656
Mls»icn st., third floor.
A— GIRLS sranted to sew by hand. 656 Mis-
sion s f . third floor.
A— IRONER wanted. 650 Mission St.. third
floor.
YOUNG girl for light second work; 3 in fami-
ly. Call 10 to 12, 2203 Buchanan st.
WANTED — A middle-aged woman to do light
housework for one person. 417^2 Third st.
A GIRL for general housework. Apply at 1S10
Sutter st
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted. 71 Ninth st.
WANTED — Mlddle-ag*d lady for light house-
work. Apply 329 O'Farrell st.
A GIRL wanted for housework and cooking.
1542 McAllister st.
BRIGHT active girl wanted for a bakery. Box
919. Call office.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m, Wednesday: salary no object
EXPERIENCED girl finisher: one who has
worked In clothlag store. PAUSON & CO.,
gutter and Kearny Bts.
WANTED — Experienced Jacket and skirt al-
teration hand. Apply at HALE BROS.' bet.
9 and 11 a. m.
GIRLS for plain machine sewing. 1817 Devisa-
dero St.; call after 9 o'clock.
WANTED — Experienced union waitresses. 20
Third street.
WANTED — Young German woman as house-
keeper for small family. Box 357. Call offlce.
WANT good lady •olicitor for advertising busi-
ness; good proposition. 36 Geary St., room 1.
WANTED — Hairdresser and manicure; also
an apprentice. 503 Larkin st.
LADY traveler tur business house; permanent
position. Box 3C0. Call office.
DRESSMAKER'S helper and apprentice. L.
NORTH RUP'S. 220f Post st.
A YOUNG girl for housework and care of
child; good references. Call at 127 Oak st.
PANTS finishers and operators wanted. 673
Geary st.
6TRONG Christian girl for general housework;
wagea $25. 2712 Folsom st
MILLINERY makers and trimmers. North
Beach Wonder. 1411 Stockton Bt.
YOUNG girl from the country, refined, ex-
perienced, wishes light housework; sleep
home. Bcx 2&G7. Call office.
Experienced 2-needle operator. Singer; steady
position. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church ets.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st. opposite Fifth.
Oner, until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED MALK.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
F. M. GUNN. C38 Commercial st.
Phone Main 1191; near Kearny at.
To the sawmills, north, by rail, -20 railroad
graders. $60; company work; water, climate
and company good.
Nevada. 8 hours' work, see boss here; team-
sters, laborers and rockmen, $2 to $2 50 day;
ship to-day.
10 more quarrymen, near city. $C0.
6 Italian quarrymc-n, steady Job, $C0.
10 ranch hands, cheap fare, $30 and found.
& haymakers, south, going wages.
Young men to learn barl>er trade, city.
Woodturners, sec boss here, $3 50 day.
Baker, small hotel, city.' $50 and found.
Choreman, south, milk 3 cows. $25 and fd.
2 woodchoppers, large L. Co., north, $2 25 cd.
10 R. R. men. free tare. $2 day.
S yardmen, lumber Co.. $30 and found.
£aloon porter, city; cooks, waiters and dish-
washers; lots of other Jobs.' Call and see
our fre* bulletin.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third «t. near Call bldg. : phone Bush 405.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teamsters, $67 &0 a month.
18 laborers. $60 a month. •
10 drillers, rockmen, hammersmenj $73,
10 tunnel men. $3 a day.
WOODS CREW.
2 barkers. $15 and board.
2 wheel teamsters, $C5 a month.
Edserman. sawmill, east $3 25 a day and
board.
3 teamster?, city, $2 CO a day.
S woodchoppers, pine. 4 feet $1 25 cord.
Wood turner, near city, $3 50 a day.
10 builermakers. $3 to $4 a day, board and
lodging; steady Job guaranteed; free fare.
Man and wife, prune ranch, Sonoma County,
wlfa to cook and board men; man. foreman,
must bt experienced packer; wages 500 a
month.
CALIF. EMP. AGENCY, 14 Third »t
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
W2 Clay et — Phono Jamea 2476.
3 sawmill laborers. $40 month and found.
Scraper teamsters. $1 25 day and found.
Wood turner, planing mill. $3 50 day.
Milkers, country $30 to $35 mo. and found.
Hay hands, $1 .'.0 day and found.
Nevada; Government work; »b!p daily.
Cbeeremaker. $40 month and found.
Plenty of work at 602 Clay et
A— HOTEL Gazette. 26 Montgomery st., r. 12—
Porter and bus driver. $30: bar porter, coun-
try. $25; hospital cook. mine. $40; ellverman,
resort, $25; bell boy, $22 5».
i HEAL
=
ON THE PANHANDLE BOU_EVARD.
A modern 10- room house- and 50- foot lot!
large lawn and beautiful outlook; the best
value ever offered. Inforaiation of H. R.
COOPER. T78 Market st
' " "^ ' $17 000
$1 25 PER week: no interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level: no grad-
lns to do; ready to build your little horn*
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
23 Montgomery st., room 5.
r — *
INVESTMENTS; large or small; Hat free.
$4_0C — I flats; new; rented low. $430.
$4700— « flats. $2T.OO— 2 flats.
Lets — 8th ave.. near Transrer cor.: $1250.
Near 17th and Castro sts: sunny: $SCO.
Get list. A. W. BELL. 211 Montgomery »t.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR MALE.
$12.000 — NOT yet completed; rent* $1320 per
year; 3 marine-view flats; N. line Green St..
1S04-66-8S Green ft., E. Laguna; every room
Is and will be sunny; evet> possible latest
improvement Apply at the premises from
2 to 5; lot 25x137:6.
GREAT bargain: $3250 for comfortable sunny
house: fi rooms: new plumbing; Presidio
Heights; large lot. 30x112; stable, loft, etc.;
suitable for teamster or ttarlener: easy
terms. Apply to P. J. RYAN, southeasc
corner Sacramento and MaDle sts.
FOUR elegant sunny flats; finest in city; fine)
location; S-9 rooms: rents $215 per month:
don't miss thin opportunity; party going to
Europe. Box 230. Call.
COTTAGE — Modern 7 rooms; finished base-
merit; block foundation In good condition;
cheap. See owner. 223 Third ave., Richmond.
Bl'ILD your unimproved realty: we loan full
cost lmprov. and part lot at 6%. MANHAT-
. TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
$4250— NEW flats; Income $40 month: lot 23jb
120; N. Market. HUN9AKER. « Eddy st.
FINE cor.. 75x*O. nr. Slarket St.; « block*
' west City Hall. Room 217. Parrott building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH — MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — Country — Fer Sal*.
WHITE & BAYLEY!
Successors to
W. J WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12,500 — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 2U0O acres; 4 miles from courthouse.
Mendocino County; 2C0 acres tillable: 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings: well supplied wlthj
water and an abundance of live oak timber;
tht-re are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
$H000— Only 31, miles of Geyaervllle. the Gen»
of Sonoma County; l i mile good school: rural
mail delivery; 50 acres; 30 acres rich botton>
land; 2 acres orchard: 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; 5 acres alfalfa; well fenced and crosa
fenced; 5- room house. 2 good barns. nlc«
spring; have other bargains in this superb see-,
tion. <
$2500— 15 acres level land. 7 miles ot Sa»
Jose: all in vineyard: house.
$2.0<V) — 40- acre ilairy and poultry ranch, t
mile of town; hill land: 2 houses: barn; corral;
poultry houses: 2 Incubators; 2 brooders: farm-
in? tools; fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens; fine market
$SCK> — J.acres In Fruitvale: lease 4 years: $1T
per month; nice 5- room cottage; 25 poultry
houses; yards fenced 6- ft. wire netting; brood-
ers; incubators; 5oO chickens; mostly bearing
orchard
$a_0O— In city limits of Petaluma: 2H acresj
neat cottage; barn; 5 poultry houses: 2 brood-
ers: 1 incubator: 2 wagons; harness; horse j
Jersey cow; 450 chickens; all In beating fruit |
see photos of select Petaluma homes at thl_
offlce.
$::000— 3 miles of Santa Rosa; 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; 5<x> cords of wood; house;
barn; running water: 10 head of cattle; 23 head
of hogs; other bargains in this superb section.
$800— Only 1 mile ot town: SO acres: hou**.
trees vines, berries: 15 acres bottom land:
placer and quartz gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range tools, furniture; forced sale.
$10W>— Near Merced City, en main road; 4(3
acres rich land: 5 acres bearing, olives. 10
acres alfalfa. 5Va acres bearing orchard: 2
wells; all under ditch: fine cottage; 5 rooms;
steel windmill and tank; good barn: toolhouse;
granary; poultry houses; Incubator houses; nlc«
Income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided la
small tracts at $U5 per acre; one-third of crop
with place
Adjoining the town of Lodi. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under dltca:
$125 to $1&> per acre.
$50 per acre; 10 acres up: under ditch: 4>t»
miles from Lodl, on main county road; also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low aa $15 aa
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
I have several parties with good income prop-
erty to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging -houses; many cash buyers; list your
property.
$2.~>00 — 60 acres; 5 miles from Santa Crux; 2O
acres under cultivation, balance rolling an65
some steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $50<> down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$50tX) — Best ranch In Southern Oregon: 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvements; well fenced:
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools: otslde range.
$4500—30 acres close to Morgan Hill. 8anta
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hartt
finished cottage of 5 rooms: outbuildings; fln«
income; would trade for Income city property.
$1100 — Only 6 miles from courthouse; SO
acres; orehartf. vineyard, house, outbuilding* ;
part cash; near Red Bluff.
$17.C0O— Finest ranch in San Joaquln County,
between Stockton and Lodl; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras Rrver.
en main read; mortgage $9000; would trade foe
first-class property near city.
$4500 — Near Newcastle; 21 acres: oranges.
' cherries peaches lemons plums and apples;
small but nice house: only $1500 down; hav»
bargains In t_ls vicinity from $1000 up.
$__."«> — 10 acres, all In apricots just com-
1 mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home: half cash.
$1700— ia Sonoma City: ZM acrea; all level;
good house, barn, windmill, tackhouse: 13 poul-
1 try houees and yards: some alfalfa; sprint:
wagon: 5OO chickens: feedhous*.
$.1500—136 acres east of San Jose; 125 acre*
in hay; good soil.
Serd stamp for printed list.
WHITE A BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery St.. Room S.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
FOR sale — 1S0O acres of fine land; all under
Irrigation; 700 acres of alfalfa land, "fenced
and crossfenced. Inquire of MATT a SUL-
LIVAN, room 610 Parrott bulldin*. or th«
Lasslng ranch. 5 miles soutn ot Newman.
GREAT bargain — Rich, irrigated farms; bl*
canal; free water right; very cheap; easy
terms: homeseeker's opportunity. C M.
WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market st
GOVERNMENT homestead for sale cheap; 160
acD— '. San An tone Val.. Santa Clara Co..
back of Mt Hamilton. For Darttculars apply
2016 Lake st- Richmond district. 8. F.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «43
Market st. -
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In taa
United States or Canada one year for $_.
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated lands, dairy
farms, stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mines. S. C. TRAYNER. B04 Kearny.
$4500—800 ACRES stock ranch. 70 miles of
city; house, barn etc.; fenced.
DONXE—.T CO.. 832 Market st.
$1000— 80 acres, near Lakeport: healthy homo
place. See owner. 203 Noe st.
A WEEK'S news far 5 cent*— The Weekly Call,
t» narx. tr wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
E8TAT— .
FOR eale — Beautiful home In San Mateo: hous«
8 rooms and bath: larg« grounds; lot lOO-lSO;
stable and outhouses; on car line; in center
of San Mateo. _. COFFIN _ CO.. 8368 M_-
Eion at. '
E^*" It;RST ft gA1 * ESTATE.
INVEST $2 50 monthly in fine suburban lota
on the line of tfcBk Haywards local train;
only $75 each. OslfR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE!.
4 CHOICE lots cheap for cash. Apply 324
Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
Continued on Paje Ten.
M OXEY TO _O AX— Con finned.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*, teamsters, boardlng-housea, without
security; easy payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
it. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 434.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
pr!vacy;co commlsslon;installments accepted.
BON ELXJ. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, stiver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland offlce. 1103V* Brdwy.. suite l-X
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave^.
LOANS FROM |1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
doned notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loaa
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; oa furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. B . 9.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loaa and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 MutuU
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st
1% per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. C16 Hearst bldg.. Ex. ent
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoreer. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $2000; ono or two years. Box 0*.
Call offlce. -. :
Ml'SlCAL INSTRUMENTS.
A SENSATIONAL fire— Storage pianoa and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned if not sold In a few days; this
means storage places and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
moved. Whltehead's Storage, ltttti Market.
¦
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock in San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 660-64 Hayes st .
RENTING to our specialty- $2 up; apply ca
purchase; Installments $4 up. HJEINF3
' PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st ; Oakland. 1233
Broadway.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs. $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 303 Post st
A BEAUTIFUL Stelnway upright grand, as
good as new; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
WANTED — Second-hand sewing machine. Box
305. Call office.
$165 — STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay*
ments. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-FEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerin*: baby grand;
Ehonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farr«ll.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cectlian plaaj
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st
OFFICES AXD STORE!) TO LET.
STORE. 4 living rooms; rent $35. Twelfth
and Bernice.
LARKIN. 418 — Basement suitable shoemaker, i
paint shop, upholsterer, second-hand store.
PERSONALS.
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A wrinkled
face positively restored to its former contour;
Fimpie, harmless, scientific method shown on
the llvin? face; permanency guaranteed. Call
or write for book. "Hints on Beauty," free.
M. ELLA HARRIS. 731 O'F-rrell st
THE Stac Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' : ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1328 Polk
"VITAL RING" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocele,
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recommend them. DR. BURNARD CO,. 140
Geary st.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
SCALP treatment given by a lady to produce
growth of hair; hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
and evenings; best of references. Hotel
Atlanta. 452 Ellis st
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMO9. 1127 Market st.
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st
ASK your druggist for the Marquis Hair Tonic;
It is the best.
: SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
. trie needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers, 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants $2 ?0.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (inc.). tailors. 729 Market
Actina restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catanh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 13th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Mlsa Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1. at all druggists'.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. SIS
Taylor »t.. near Geary. Phone Black SCI.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED — A partner with $3000 to buy half
Interest In sawmill: lots of timber; Inquire
at this offlce for address. Box 3829. Call.
PAT_-TT_.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
PHYSICIANS AND BURttEON*.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence,
1021% Market st. bet Cth and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 & Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cure 9 all diseases of human j
* by use of herbs and t;as. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
POULTRY, EGGS, ETC. — For Sale.
100 GALLONS fresh milk dally; test 4 per cent
butter fat Apply R. E. ROWLAND, Ortnda
Park, -or FRANK ESMOND. 2520 Shattuck
ave.. Berkeley. j
BONDS _ O» SAJLE.
BONDS for sale — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed bids will be received until 2 o'clock
p. m., Saturday. May 28. 1904. by the Bo_rd
! of Control of the Territory of Arizona, at the
office of said board In the City of Phoealx.
Arizona, for the sale of Ten Bonds of the
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each,
bearing date January 1, 1904. due and pay.
able January 1. 1954. bearing Interest at Uie
rate of five per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five years. Issued by the Ter- i
ritory of Arizona, in accordance with U_
provisions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-sec-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act has been approved by the
Congress of the United States. Interest oa
said bonds will be paid seml-annually oa
the first day of January and July of eacn
year and both principal and interest payable
In gold coin of the United States at th« of-
flce of the Treasurer of said Territory, a
certified check of a responsible bank for 3
per cent of the amount of the bid. paj_t>U I
to the order of — ¦ B. Klrkland. Territorial
Treasurer, and a copy of this advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment in full uptjn allotment aad
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Blda
Bust be sealed and addressed to the Boari
of Control, Phoenix. Arizona, and marke<i
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Aayl— a
Bop<>» " ¦ - —
WAREHOUSES.
FOR SALE OR TO LEASE.
Lot and 4-story warehouse. 45:10x120;
short block from S. P. freight sheds; apply
oa premises.. 13 Bluxome st. bet. 4th and &t_.
• r.wt.n van-XT wasted — mali:. i
OOOD evale wants position. G. LEVISON, 17
Market st.
A TAILOR wants uttuatlon. 17 Geary st
W A NT_D— Poclticn e> gardener. 14 Turk st.
WANTED — Position cs 1-artoer. En_ 143. Call.
WANTED— Any k'.ifd of work by young man.
J. II.; 304 Seventh Vt.
YOl*N<5 ninn wants position as porter In hotel.
Address bcx 10b. 10C8 Market st.
AI> writer (e_i«rien«>d) desires position. Ad-
dress box 109. l>. >s Market st.
WANTED — Situation cs Janitor. JAMES
HARRIS. 744 Howard ft.
•WANTED — Job a- porter. E. J. STTLLMAN.
. 30 E_st et.
WANTED — Positlcn as porter In wholesale
I house. AdJrcss Box 23, Call office.
*WAN«TEn— Work as porter. T. J. LINTON.
• 15 Third «t.
BOY wants to work on farm. 1105 Gough St.
OL.D nan v.ants l_ht work on farm for hie
board. JOHN BOCKMAN, 232 Stockton st
EOY withes position a* wrapper. 620 Baker
street.
BARBER, first-elavs. want* steady position.
Acdrres J. A. WEBB. 1023 Buah St.
A GOOD boy wants a position as errand boy.
Box 3097. Call.
BOY wants work In store. Box 80. 1008 Mar-
ket rt.
V." ANTED — Situation for a first -class harness-
mi_or. Addrese Bo* III. 1008 Market st.
WANTED — Situation for a good gardener. Ad-
dress Box 110. 1C0S Market Ft.
MAN wants place In bakery. Box 84. 1008
Market Bt.
TOl'NO man mishes position In store. 325
Taylor st.
Him >LE-AGED roan wants place in whole-
«ale houre: good at firuree; handy at any-
. thing. Bnx 14. Call.
TOVNO man wants position of any kind. 11
Naton-.a st.. upgtaira.
IUTLER wants work. 834 Howard st
WANTED—PoBitlon a_ elevator b<^. J. V.
M.. 1310 Pierce st.
GOOD butcher wants work. B. STEVENS. 347
Kearry st.
EXPERIENCED elevator operator wants posi-
tion. N. G., 12 Geary court.
' TOCVO man would like position as clerk In
hardware store. Box S2. Call.
BOY wants position. Apply 1991 Howard st.
AP collector, a young man thoroughly ac-
quainied in city, also Oakland. 259 Turk st
TOTTNQ man would like position of any kind.
FRANK HfBER. 310 Filbert st
MAN wants to work In barroom. TOM
t^LOAN. 845 Geary st.
MAN wants to work in dairy. W. HAAS.
• 1641 Sutler st.
TWO carpenters from Vermont want work.
Pr««cot Hotel. San Francisco.
HARNESSMAKER wants a situation. 49 Ross
street.
ELEVATViR operator: rltoation wanted, town
or country. Address F. STEELE. 37 Second.
WANTED— A roeit'en as shipping clerk. JOHN
. _6MITH. 82« Market at.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wants position. Box
"2SC." Call offlce.
MAN wants place as butler. L LEWIS. 702
McAllister ft.
BI'TLER wants place In private family. H.
SMITH. 405 Minna st.
BOY wants to work in a barber chop. Box
106. Call offlce.
OFFICE boy wants a position. Box 107. Call
efflce.
¦WANTED— Place as bill collector. 2024 Powell
Ftroct.
TO— VQ man wishe* position as paper-car-
rier. Box 199. Call office.
YOt'NCJ men wishes position of any kind. 513
T'nion street.
POSITION as porter either saloon or hotel.
T. W. DAY. 6fO Bu*h et.
TOl'NG man wishes position cf any kind. €23
Filbert st.
GOOD German sausage maker would like posi-
tion in cttjr. Address Turk «t.. Park Hotel.
WANTED— A position as cannier; best of
inferences. Address box 03, Call offlce.
PAINTER will work reasonable; has all tools.
Address Painter. 1210 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED candy helper wants position;
retail work. A. BL. 569 Geary st.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwriter, wants work;
"tools Turn. 1272 Folsom st. ; phone Mint 131.
GOOD Japanese f young boy) wants a position
t < do housework or etore work, wash dishes.
YOSHIOKA. 4O Jpssie St.; phone Mint 591
• JAPANESE boy wants position to do cooking,
housework or general help. KAWA. 1611
' '.' ¦ i ave.. Alameda.
CHINESE boy wants position In private fam-
ily; firet-class cook. 807 Washington st
KlIt.MTLHB IOII SALE.
THREE rooms; finely furnished; $85; cost
t_£; Mission and 30th; cottage. flO. Box
34. '"all offlce.
EfREAUS. $4 60; matting. 10c; Iron bed*. J2;
H. W. beds. ?1; woven wire mattresses from
t : so -; . Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk.
FtTRNlTVHE for sale: $73 worth for $7 SO
dewn -nd Jl :.O per week. BRILLIANT'S.
340 Poet st. near PowtlL
FCRXriUB-E. 5 roorra. for sa e. 1211 La-
rcca st.
' frtlt.MIl It_ \VA.\T__.
_________
6-learocm. 1125 Market st Tel. Jessie 761.
Ixn't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur- [
tUuie, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WANTED — Tw buy furniture for a 7-room
flat; must be in good condition; state kind
i-.i.i price asked. Box 157. Call.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
ulture, carpets, tic. 782 Mission; teL Bush 413.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc. ; tel. Larkin 8631. C34 Ellis.
' . yLATS TO LET.
>AA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT!
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
id "!n our free renting department ; over 1000
• In number: a combined list from all agencies;
l-X us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSCS and fiata to let; an Immense list;
service ab*o!ut»)y free; take advantage of
tills department It will eave you time and
trouble. CordM Furniture Co., 245-25*
Geary st. on the square.
OAK. -027-87. facing Panhandle — Six elegant
new fiata: sun. light; Just completed; 0-7
loams and bath; rent reasonable; on prem-
ises from 2 to 4 Sunday. Agent, G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., SO Montgomery st
CENTRAL ave., 71, near Ilalgfct — Cheapest
sunniest, up-to-date fiat 6 large rooms and
bath; must be seea U be appreciated; rear on -
fi bU > to good tenant.
ELEGANT new modern fiats; C-7-7 rm«. and
k_tb: finely finished; gas and electricity: 2
toilets. 2351-5-7 Bush. nr. Pierce; are to-day.
MASONIC ave.. 1317. near Park — Elegant sun-
ny up-to-date upper Cat; reasonable rent to
the right party.
FOURTEENTH, 1C2A — Nice furnished fist for
housekeeping: 4 rooms, bath; sunny eide of
etroet; rent $27 50. Call titer Sunday.
AT 428 Third ave.. corner Geary st; new 5
» rooms; sunny; $20.
CAPP. 100C, nt*r Twenty-fifth — New eunny; 9
rooms; modern ; yard; rent reasonable.
COLE. 4_C. near Pace — Elegant 7-r. upper flat;
every room runny; overlooking G. G. Park.
_EVlSADrRO. 72S. cor. Fulton— Modem cor-
ner flat. 7 room* and bath.
1.AKE. 740-7 12— New Cati, 9 roomi each; rent
t2S-»30; fine view. •
_ARGE_T list of house* and fiats to iet Call
cc LTGN _ H'JAG, 118 —ontjromery st 1
TELL OF GREAT NEEDS <e_>Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season. »eason
Eureka 0.00 <«.79 51.14
Red Bluff 0.00 31.16 ".65
Sacramento ..0.00 16.86 16.62
San Francisco 0.00 20.50 18-28
Fresno 0.00 8.04 8.50
Independence 0.00 2.5. -.*?
San Luis Obispo .... O.OO 10.59 1S.49
Los Angeles O.0O 8.72 19.^
San Diego 0.00 *-"° u - w
THE COAST RECORD.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
MONDAY. MAY 23.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic -Survey —
Time ?jid Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
' NOTE — The high and tow waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; ths height
.of tide Is the same at both places.
Steamer. For. Sails.
J. Dollar Valdes A Seward May 22
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. May 24
A1K! Skagway & Way Ports. May 25
Nome City.... Nome May 2&
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. May 26
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. May 2»
Farallon. Skagway & Way Ports. May 2d
Sun rises 4:52
Sun sets 7:19
Moon sets 1:15 a. ni.
O jTimel Prime) iTlmel JTimel
m Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
g |L -Wl |H W| |L W I |H W|
23 0:14 2.2 6:07 4.2 12:12 1.1 7:02 6.4
24 1:20 1.5 7:26 4.3 1:11 1.4 7:50 B.«
25 2:12 1.0 8:40 4.6 2:00 1.6 8:35 5.8
26 3:04 0.S 9:47 4.6 2:48 2.1 0:20 6.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tided
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. Tha heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
«i£n precedes the height, and then th« number
FRIDAY. MAY 20.
REAL- ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to John
D. Spreckcls. lot on SE corner of Pacific and
Laguna streets, E 87:6 by S 115; $ .
Same to Florin L. Jones, lot on S line of
Vallejo street, 137:6 E of Buchanan E 27:6 by
S 137:6; $ .
. Golden Gate Syndicate (corporation) to Wil
liam J. Walker, lot on SE corner of Chestnut
and Buchanan streets, E 6 by S 137:6; $5.
William J. and Mary A. Walker to George
D. Grayblll. lot on SE corner of Chestnut and
Buchanan streets. E 137:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Bridget McCarthy to Caroline Bausch. lot on
S line of Sutter street, 87:6 E of Scott. E 25 by
S 137:6: $10.
Susanne and George H. Richard to Matilda
Brutscher (wife of A. M.). lot on E line or
Devleadero street, 107:6 S of Waller, S 25 by
E 116:3: $10.
.Morris and Emma SlminofC to Irene How.
ard lot on S line of Oak street. 80 E of Ma
sonic avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Thomas T. and Anna L. K. Sawdon to
Frances Zoberbler. lot on W line of Ashbury
street, 129:9 S,of Waller. S 30 by W 10t»:3; $10.
Louise Hokum to Catherine King. lot on S
line of Frederick street, 150:714 W of Cole
W 25 by S $137:6; $9000.
Amanda Rhoads to William and Jane Man
ning, lot on E line of Noe street, 26:6 N of
Nineteenth. N 25 by E 105; $10.
James II. Johnson to Guadaloupe C. Johnson
(wife), lot on W line of Noe street. 123 N of
Twentieth, N 25 by W 125: gift.
Gulseppe and Marie Solar! to Eugene M
Cressena. lol on S lino of Fifteenth street 100
E of Castr<T. E 25 by S 115: $10.
Estate of John Malone. by James Malone
and Robert Richards, executors, to Claudia
Arata, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street
50 E of Bryant. E 25 by E 104; $2800.
Annie E. and William H. Lambert to An
gelo Papale. lot on NW line of San Jose ave
nue. 55:4>.4 NE of Thirtieth street NE 28-10U
W 96, S 25. E 87: $10. ' & *»- lu H.
Estate of George Brown, by Clara S Brown
executrix.- to Mary Llnehan. lot on W line of
w mfefS. 60 N of Twent J r -« 11 "J. n 25 by
Margaret Stoll et al. to Michael and Kath
erlne O'Brien, lot on S line of Twenty-slxOi
street. 240 E of Sanche*. E 26 by S 114 $ l0
o Same to George J. and Ida Mlchelson lot on
8 line of Twenty-sixth street. 213:4 E of San
chei. B 26:8 by S 114; $10. l b * n "
E C. Irving, by Murray F. Vandal!., com
mkwioner, to German Bavlngs and Loan So
ciety, lot on SW comer of Twenty-seventh and
Castro streets. W 560 by S 228- $8fiOO
t 5°t h i? End "L 08 * 111 * **¦ Isaacs. H. J. Solomon.
?^o£.S^ 8 , 1"? 3 <V«P s ?n <»>y Commission*?)
to Occidental Loan Association lot on E line
by B°M?Wraa et> 67:8 S ° f Sacram «tof8 20
Thornas Howell to Cesare Masoero. lot on N
l^A Of .?n erby itreet « 67:6 E « Tay°r. B 25 by
A i«? . Aherl l V* Guat » v> and Frieda Splrz. lot
r^rSE^^y^VS 1 : JST" 1T5 SE *< Har :
Michael and Mary McLaughlin to Argonaut
Steamer. ' Destination. Sails. Pier.
May "23.
Chehalts.... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & B'l'gham 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos B. A Pt. Orfd 12 in Pier 13
KureKa Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 6 pm Pier 20
May 24.
Elizabeth. .. Coqutlle River 5 pm Pier 20
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 10 am Pier 8
Montara.... Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm Pier S
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
May 25.
Spokane.... Humboldt l:S0plP1er 9
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Sequoia Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Hermonthls. Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19
Senator Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 26.
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 amIPIer 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor Pier —
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7 I
May 27.
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Argo Kel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
S. Cruz San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
. May 28.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan.. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Nevadan.... Hono. & Kahulul. 3 pm Pier 16
May 29.
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
May 30.
Aurella..... Astoria & Portland Pier —
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 31.-
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Jtuis 1.
Doric China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
June 2.
St. Paul.... Nome & St.Mlcbael 2 pm Pier 20
Steamer. | From. Due.
Hermonthls... Seattle May 23
Arctic Humboldt May 23
DelNoite Crrscent City May 23
Is. Lindauer... Grays Harbor May i'i
Sequoia Willapa Harbor May 23
San Mateo. . . . Tacoma May 23
Spokane Humboldt May 23
Kevadan Honolulu & Kahnlul. .. May 23
State of Cal... San Dlrgo & Way Pts. May 'Si
E.Monica.... Grays Harbor May 24
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. May 24
EantaCruz... San Pedro & Way Ports. May 21
North Fork. . . Humboldt May 24
Columbia Portland & Astoria May 24
Eureka Humboldt May 25
Aurella Portland & Astoria May 25
City Peking.. New York via Panama. May 25
Argo Eel River Ports May 2S
Wyeflf.-M Nanalmo May 26
Pomona Humboldt May 26
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. May 26
Santa Rosa... San Die*o & Way Ports May 26
City Puebla. .. Puget Sound Ports.... May 26
City Sydney... New York via Panama. May 26
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orford. May 27
Curacao 1 Mexican Ports May 28
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma May 28
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. May 28
Siberia China & Japan May 28
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 29
Alameda..... Honolulu May 31
Umatilla Pupet Sound Ports May 31
Newport New York via Panama.] June 1
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Xevadan Due To-Day.
The American-Hawaiian Steamship Compa
ny's steamer Nevadan. from Honolulu via Ka
hului, la due to-day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamship
Sonoma will sail for Honolulu, Pago Pago,
Auckland and Sydney on Thursday. She car
ries an unusually large passenger list.
Will Sail Thursday.
Laet week a Utle baby seal was washed
ashore near the training-ship at Goat Island.
The cadets Immediately took charge of it and
built a tank for Its convenience. They fed it
from a nursing bottle until yesterday, when it
died.
Baby Seal Washes Ashore.
LIZARD — Passed May 22 — Stmr Statendam,
from Rotterdam and Boulogne, for New York;
stmr Vaderland from Antwerp, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 22— Stmr Um
bria. from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed May 22 — Stmr Lucania. from Liver
pool, for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 22 — Stmr Celtic,
from New York, via Queenstown.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived May 22— Stmr St
Paul, from New York, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg.
NEW YORK — Arrived May 22— Stmr Colum
bia, from Glasgow and Movllle; stmr Bluecher,
from Hamburg, Southampton and Cherbourg;
stmr Arabic, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
VICTORIA-^Salled May 21— Stmr Hyades,
for Tacoma
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS,
HONOLULU— Arrived May 21— U S stmr
Buford. from Manila.
Sailed May 21 — Stmr Siberia, for San Fran-
MAHUKONA— Sailed May 22— Brig Geneva.
for San Francisco.
Arrived May 22 — U S stmr Buffalo, from
cruise.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 22— Bark Hes
per. from Portland; stmr Centralla. hence
May 20
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed May 22— Stmr
State of California for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 22— Stmr Melvetl
Dollar from Tillamook.
ISLAND PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed out May 22— Bktn Re
triever, from Port Hadlock. for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 22— Stmr Iaqua,
hence May 21.
Sailed May 22 — Stmr Spokane, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 22—
Stmr San Pedro, hence May 20; stmr Whltea
boro. from Greenwood.
Sailed May 22— Ger ship Relsbek, for Port
land. Ore.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 22— Stmr Aurella.
for San Francisco; schr Manila, for San Pedro.
REDONDO— Arrived May 22— Schr Annie M
Campbell, from Gray* HartTor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. May 22. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind calm.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Alcazar. Wlnkel. Greenwood.
Stmr Pomona. Swansen. Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick. Ellcfsen. Fort Bragg.
Schr Marlon. Topfer. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Sunday. May 22.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Jahnsen, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. May 22.
Stmr Marshfleld. Dettmers. 30 hours from
Eureka; up river direct.
Stmr South Coast, Oisen. 15 hours from
Caspar.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen, 40 hours from
Bandon.
Stmr Brooklyn. Johansen, 15 hours from
Mpndocino.
Stmr Chico. Martin. M hours from Port
land, via Astoria 71 hours.
Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen. 62 bouts from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 23 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Westport, Smith, 26 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, McClements. 75 hours from,
Willapa Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
The yachting season was in full blast yester
day, and nearly every sailboat In the bay was
brought into commission. The wind was fa
vorable and sportsmen considered it a fine day
for cruising.
Yachts Are All Out.
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The tug Governor Irwln was utilized yester
day by a number of photographers who are
making an extended and elaborate succession
of panoramic views of the water front. The
pictures Included practically everything on the
water front from Folsom street out to Melggs
wharf. These will be lent to the exposition
at St. Louis and will be exhibited in the Cali
fornia building there.
Take Photographs of Water Front.
Governor Pardee with a party of friends, Jn
cludlnf#members of h!s staff and other public
officials, made an extended tour of the bay yes
terday on the tug Governor Markham. They
left the foot of Mission street at 10 o'clock, and
It was nearly 5 before they returned. Several
points of Interest were visited. Beautiful
weather added much to the enjoyment of the
occasion. '/
Governor Entertains Friends.
Partly cloudy weather prevails over the
southern portion of the Pacific Slope and
Rocky Mountain region, and fair weather over
the northern portion of the Pacific Slope.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the conn
try west of the Rocky Mountains.
There has been a slight fall In temperature
over Washington and Oregon and a slight rise
In other districts. Along the west coast of
California the temperature Is nearly normal,
while It is from 18 to 22 degrees above the
normal throughout the Interior.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 23:
Northern California — Fair Monday, except
foggy along the coast In the morning; fresh
westerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Monday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday,
except foggy in the morning: fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot on
W line of Iowa street. 350 S ot Nevada. S 25
by W. 100; $10.
David R. McCallum to Henry A. Whltnev.
lots on W line of Kentucky street. 445:7% N of
Twenty-third, N 62:4%. W 100, N 5S. W»l-7»i
NW 9:5^. S 81:5. SE 143:6, NE 57:6. SE 5u!
NE 25:8<H. and all interest In P. N. blocks
303 and 3»4: grant. u«^«
Eliza L. Dodge to Harry H. Reigle. lot on
W lln« of Eighteenth avenue, 150 N of Lake
street. W 120, N 85, SE 125. S 75; $10.
K. B. and Emma C. Hallett and W. S. and
Vesta L. Gee to Leon Nonlman. lot on B Una
of Sixth avenue. 225 S of Lake street. S 23 by
E 120; $10,
Edward 'and Agnes Ginley to John 3. and
Katherlne Robison. lot on E line of Sixth
avenue. 225 S of Clement street. S 23 by E 12U;
$10.
Jennie and M. A. Smith to Edith MerricU.
lot on E line of Clement street, 57:6 W of
Twenty-seventh avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Joseph P. and Margaret L. Gludlce to Benja
min M. aj;d Mary F. Fcss, lot on W line of
Thirty-fourth avenue, 175 S of Clement street.
S 25 by W 120; $11).
C. K. liar man to Anna E. Fiske. lot on N
line of B str**et. 63:9 E of Fifteenth avenue.
E 63:» by N 06; $10.
City Realty Company (corporation) to Oscar
Heyman. lot on E line of Third avenue, 35 S of
Hugo street. S 75 by E 95; $10.
Same to Frederick Staude, lot on NE corner
of Third avenue and I street, N 35 by E 05; $10.
Annie and Malcolm C. Whyte to Nell A.
Whyte, lot on W line of Eighth avenue. 3".f>
S of J street. S 25 by W 120 gift. :
Peter Craven to Julia Craven, lot on 8 lin»
of M street 82:6 W of Eleventh avenue. XV
25 by S 100; lot on W line of Ninth avenue,
100 S of N street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
John C. Brlckell to Johanna Hansea. lot
on E line of Twenty-seventh avenue. 100 8 of
West Clay street. S 37:6 by E 120; $10.
John C. Brickell to Jacob Heyman Co., lot
on W line of Twenty-sixth avenue. 250 N of
Lake street. N 50 by W 120; $10.
John C. Brlckell to Marguerite da Chantry
Bardet. lot on E line of Twenty-seventh
avenue. 137:6 S of West Clay street. 3 37:9
by W 120: $10.
David R. McCallura to Henry A. Whitley.
undivided half of following: Lot 15. block 363;
lot 15. block 1030; lot 14. block 159. South San
Francisco Homestead; grant.
H. W. and George F. Gray to Gray Bros.
Crushed Rock Co.. block 13. map A, Castro
street addition: $10.
John W. and Nannie Truitt to Mary A. Ny.
lot on N line of Newman street. 131:10 W of
Andover avenue. "W 25 by N 87:6; lot 22. bloclc
10. Fair's subdivision Holly Park tract; $10.
Charles McCarthy to McCarthy Co. (corpor
ation), lot 16. block 2, Lakevtew; $10.
McCarthy Co. (corporation) to Henrietta
Schneider, lot 18. block 2, Lakevlew; $10.
Mathilde Benkelmann. Lena Clees<» (Ben
kelmann). wife of J. P., to Christina Peterson.
1st on NW corner of Railroad avenup. 55 gW o'
Eighth avenue. SW 25:4. NW 122.4M. S3
24:6. SE 113.754. block 184. CN and H tract
$10.
City and County of San Francisco to John
and Mary Pera. lot on N line of Eddy street,
25 W of Steiner, W 27 by N 75; $ .
Builders' Contract*.
A. Hilson (owner) with Alfred Legault (con
tractor), architect J. F. Dunn — All work es
cept mantels, shade*, finish hardware and g—
fixture!* for alterations and additions to make *
three-story frame building (three flats) on lot
at 1316 Ellis street: $4340.
William F. Inselmann (ownfrt wtth Eureka
Building Company (contractors), archi
tect — AH work for a one.story frame cottaga
on lot on S lino of Eighteenth street. 375 W
from E line of Clover alley. W 25 by S 121.
specifications read lot on S line of EiRhteeafu
street. ICO E of Danvers. 25 by 121: $1700.
Pabst Brewing Company (owners) with M.
F. Gale (contractor), architect E. Kollofrath —
All work #or alterations and additions to re
model basement and portions of first story In
a four-story and basement brick building on
lot on NE corner of Powell and Ellis streets,
115 on Powell by 65 on Ellis; $11,300.
Amy C. Booth (owner) with Cox Bros, (con
tractors). — - architect — All work fcr a two
story basement and attic frame building on S
line of Fell strwt. 100 W of FUlmore, W Z3
by S 137:0; $7300.
Mrs. Dr. W. I* Moore (owner) with J. P.
Ho'mslster (contractor). architect — All
work for alterations and additions to two two
story frame buildings (two fiats) on N line of
Fulton street. 57 E of Webster. No. 7S2 Fulton
street; $2C66 75.
H. F. Cleveland (o— ier> with same con
tractor. architect — All alterations and
additions to four one-story frame cottazvs Into
six flats, on N line of Fulton street. «7 E of
Webster. Nos. 768, 774 and 776 Fulton street:
$«200 25.
H. H. and Matilda G. Bancroft imn»n>
with P. N. Cuss (contractor), architects Cun
ningham & Politeo — Pamtlng for a seven
story and basement brick buildinsr en S Una
of Sutter street. 109 E of Van Ness avenue.
(3:9 by S 120; $3111.
Same owners with William Bateman (con
tractor), architects same — Interior woodwork
for dining-room for game on same: $2:;0O.
James L. Flood (owner) with Henshaw.
Buckley & Co. (contractors), architect Albert
Plssls — Heating and ventilating plant for build-
Ing on NE corner of Powlt and Edily street*.
K 22:8 T -i. NR 187:6%. NW 62:S*i. N 114:11'%.
W 137:10. S275; $->SCO.
Alfred Phepharcl (owner) with Pettemon &
Persson (contractors). architect— All work
except plumbing for a two-story frame buildlnsr
(four flats) on S line of Seventeenth street. 50
E of Collinswood.- 50 by 75; $81SO.
Marie »E. McC— a (owner) with C M.
Depew (contractor), architect Albert Farr —
All work for a two-stary attic and basement
frame building nn line comDienclng at it point
343:4 W of Broilerlck street en S line of
Vallejo. S to point 1-17:6 S of VaPeJo an1
M1:11K VT from Brodtrick. W 1!»:R^. N to
Vallejo. thence 37 to beginning: $3711.
Grace B. Mort*nson (owner) with C. XI.
Depew (contractor), architect Albert Farr— All
work for a two story baaement and attic frame
bulldin* on lot on S line of ValleJ* «tr#et.
312:6 W of Broderick. S 137:0. W 17:3*. NW
IZa. E S2:10; S5C97.
The new steamer General Mlfflin,
which belongs to the quartermaster's
department, made her trial trip yester
day afternoon. She met the expecta
tions of her builders, the Risdon Iron
Works. She averaged eleven knots an
hour. The Mlfflin is to be employed
running in conjunction with the Gen
eral MacDowell. She will carry passen
gers, freight and water. Her tanks
have a capacity of 130 tons. She Is 130
feet long, 27 feet beam and draws 12
feet. Her engines are 700 horsepower.
Among those on board yesterday were
R. Moore, superintendent of the Risdon
Iron "Works, and John Donnelly of the
transport service.
1 fill % il 1
STATIONS. ; ?s?3 33 £ »
? 5 s . r i
'. * ? ' • '.
Baker 80.04 74 60 N Pt.Cldy .00
Carson 29.84 82 44 N Clear .00
Eureka 29.96 64 60 W Clear .00
Fresno 29.68 102 66 N Clear .00
B.E-Farallon .29.86 60 60 NB Fog*/ -CO
Flas.taff ....29.82 68 SO SW Cloudy .CO
Pocatello 29.84 78 42 W £t-Cldy .00
Independence .29.76 88 62 E Cloudy •«>
Los Angeles.. 29.80 70 66 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Mt Tamalpais.29.S7 85 70 W Clear .00
North Head... 30.24 56 50 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.68 94 62 W Clear .CO
Potnt Reyes.. 29.81 66 60 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.08 78 62 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.74 100 70 N Clear .00
Roseberg 30.06 82 82 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..19.72 96 66 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.00 76 50 NW Pt.Cldy .00
San FTanclsco.29.82 66 62 W Clear .CO
San L. Obispo.29.82 74 48 N Clear .00
San Diego 29.82 66 54 W Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.16 70 46 NW Clear .00
Spokane 29.96 74 58 NW Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 3O.24 86 48 SW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 29. 98 68 66 W Pt.Cldy -0O
Wlnnemucca .29.94 82 4« N Clear .CO
Yuma 23.70 94 C2 SE Pt.Cldy T.
Governor Pardee on the Tug
Markham Visits Points
of Interest on the Bay
ENTERTAINS FKIENDS
Quartermaster's Boat Meets
Expectations of Her Build
ers and Makes Good Time
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 1 22—5 p. tn.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date jaai
season, and rainfall In last twenty -four hours.
WEATHER EEPOET.
NEW STEAMER
IS A SUCCESS
10
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1904.
APARTMEITT ~OT~BS. '
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
1084 8UTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKTN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 CO to $40.
Make reservations now.
BT.CECILE, 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave. — The
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished S-room apartments. with private batha,
steam heat, electric ll«cht,elevator. ga« ranges;
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 50. $50. $50.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson et. — Modern 3-4-tt
rooms; furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
APAKTMEITTS WAJTEP.
4-ROOM apartment wanted, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. Addrecs box 105,
Call office.
WANTED — An apartment of Z furnished rooms
for housekeeping. Box 158. Call office.
ROOM!* TO I. ET— Kuril, wnrf Unta~u
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. 11. $1 60 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
••ALDINE," 404 Turk — Sunny rooms, $10 and
$12 month; one $6; running water in all.
BRYANT. 770 — 1 large front and 1 back room;
sunny; bath.
BUCHANAN. 847— Front eunny alcove and
kitchen; bath and phone; rent reasonable,
BURNETtT~H26 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 806 — Sunny alcove room for two; also
single room: references. '
BUSH. 1183—2 furnished rooms; hot and ©old
baths.
CALIFORNIA, 1331% — Two neatly furnished
rooms; gas and bath.
' CLAY. 1005— Furnished rooma to let; back or
eunny front room.
' CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furuiEhed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 722. bet. Polk and Van Nes« ave. —
Newly furnished minny room: hot and cold
water, bath, telephone: reasonable.
EDDY. 8-4 — 3 connecting sunny parlors: will
be fittrd to suit gentlemen or a professional.
EDDY S7» — Newly furnished and partly fur-
nished eunny cor. rooms; centrally located.
EIGHTH, 10^4 — front room; also bedroom and
kitchen.
ELEVENTH. 230— Sunny single rooms, $6 and
f6 a month: quiet house.
ELLIS. 655A — Nicely furnished front parlor
room. $15 per month.
ELLIS. 835— Single room, folding bed. |5.
FOLSOM. 813 — 2 neatly furnished front rooms;
double and Einsrle.
FOLSOM. 1220 — Nice light sunny rooms; from
$1 a week up.
FRANKLIN, 429 — Furnished rooms.
GEARY, 579 — Newly furnished front room in
private family for gentleman; $10.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
HAIGHT. 920 — Handsomely furnished sunny
alcove front room.
HARTFORD. ie3 — For rent, 3 sunny basement
rooms.
HOTEL DUKFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
r!thc-d suites and single rooms.
HOWARD. 2400. corner Twentieth— Large,
ranny, furnished bedroom; large garden.
HYDE. 407 A — Sunny front room; reasonable;
one or two gentlemen; outside room.
JONES. 1004 — Elegantly furnished front room,
running water, large closet; low rent for
summer.
LEAVEN WORTH, 71 ISA — Sunny furnished
rooms. Phone Larkin 4739.
LILY ave.. SOS 1^. near Laguna st. — To let,
tunny front for working girt.
MARKET. 1032 — A very reasonable price; 2
or 3 housekeeping rooms.
McALLISTER, 511 — Sunny furnished rooms;
gas and runnlnc water.
McALLISTER, 1312— Suit or single, -breakfast
if desired; bath; phone Page 104. ;
MISSION. U13& — Furnished room, $7 month;
urper bell.
MISSION. 2562— Furnished room in private
family.
NATOMA. 460H— Nice room: private family;
for gentleman.
O'FARRELL. 459 — Neat front room; private
J family; suitable for one or two persons ; ~rea».
O'FARRELL, 776, near Larkin — Sunny pleas,
ant slr.cle room; $10.
O'FARRELL. 1424— Large, bright unfurnished
room.
OUTSIDE room; $2 per week; rooms to let.
Box 123. Ca'.l.
PIERCE, 10C1 — Sur.ny, furnished rooms; pri-
vate family: reasonable; light housekeeping.
PINE. 222V^— Furnished suite and rlngle rooms.
I PINE, I07C — Large sunny furnished room with
I running water; suitable for two.
: POLK. 917 — Sunny furnished room. 1 or 2
gentlemen; also hall bedroom.
; POST, 889. near Hyde — Large furnished front
; room: bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
i POWELL, 208 — Large furnished room for 1 or
2 gentiemrn; rent reasonable.
POWELL, 006— A nice single room for gentle-
man.
I ItOYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms oer night. S5c to $1 00; week. $2
to $S; rconth. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; -rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SCOTT, 1810 — Laree furnished room; bath;
gas; $S
SECOND, 62— Furnished rooms.
! SOUTH Park. 1I5A— Nicely furnished front
parlors: suitable for gentleman; bath, gas;
reasonable.
I EUTTKU. 152ft— Handsomely furnished suite.
: suitable for doctor or dentist.
! TEI1AMA. 22—2 larse front sunny furnished
! housekeeping rooms; private.
THE ST. KATHRYN, NE. cor. LeaveDworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms in the city; new
hotel; just furnished fresh and clean; hair
mattresses In every room; also hot and cold
wster. baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence: rooms from $3 per week up.
THIRD. 75 — Furnished rooms.
TWO unfurnished rooms. Box 132, Call office.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market^400
rooms. 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator.read.-room ; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS. 312— Very desirable furnished
room: large, quiet, with nun all day.
VAN NESS. 512— Elegant parlors; suitable for
3 gents; doctor or dentist; mod.; cor. house.
WILLOW ave.. 8, oft Larkin. near Ellis— 3
rooms, complete; sunny; no children.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from lfio
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
— — — • V
3 UNFURNISHED rooms. Box 110. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
KOUMS AM) BOAKD.
CALIFORNIA. 1711 — Large, sunny furnished
room with board; suitable for two.
PRIVATE; no cblUSren: nice front sunny room,
with good home cooking. Box 343, Call.
HOWARD, 841A — First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
HOTEL L'AIGLON, 601 Geary— Family rooms
and board; entirely renovated: reas. prices.
O'FARRELL. 010 — Sunny rooms, first-class
board ; reasonable.
! YOUNG msn to take room and board In prl-
vate family: Wegtern Addition. Box 21)6. Call.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED. .
GOOD board and suite of rooms wanted by
married couple and one child; give rates.
Box 197. Call office.
ROOM and board, with use of parlor, wanted
by motl~ir and daughter; - state rates. Box
170. Call office. .
WANTED — Room and board for gentleman m
easy walking distance of Fourth and Market
•U. Box 153. Call.
SUITE of rooms and first-class board' wanted
for man and wife. Box 16<?. Call office.
ROOMS WANTEd7~
3 ADULTS would like 2 furnished rooms; will
¦ take flat with young couple; ref. -2578 -Mission;
SKWirVG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SERVING MACHINE BARGAIN OPPORTU-
TITY — This week we are cleaning house and
Fhall sell about 60 New Whites that are
slightly shOD worn, at 1-8 and regular
prices. Thla is the btst opportunity ever of-
fered In San Francisco to get the best sewing
machine made at little price. "When you buy
or rent a White you get the best sewing ma-
chine on earth. Telephone Black «L06. City
offices, 300 Post st.: 1841 Fillmore st. and
708 Valencia st.
DOMESTIC! — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10, $10. $20; second-
hand, $3, $5. $8; p!1 styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
STORAGIS AND WAREHOUSES.
A^E^PORIUar^torage & Van~Co7Tf^irnitur«T
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Nees; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.: tel. Priv. Ex. 67L
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. S33 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126..
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 231. J
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SrKCI ALISTH.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Butt— st.
tTl'MEKIXC AM) STAMMKHIMf.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness~&~Market^
promises cure if in fair health; hours 1 to 9.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPl'LIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Emltb Premier. $25; other typewriters at
. higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th»
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California St.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gemery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Welnster Typewriter Ingpec. Co 50R
UIVJIHS.VJL* NUTIC&S.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, Cth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market St.. opposite Third—
For the half year fading 31at of December,
1003. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certlncaUs.
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 9, 5 per cent, now due and pay-
- able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
gomery st.. room 6. J. HOWARD BARNARD. '
LKtiAL AD\ I2IITIJSKMKXTS.
NOTICE — Office of Insurance Commissioner,
San Francisco. Cal., May 11, ltHH — Having
ascertained that the capital stock of the
Union Surety and Guaranty Company has
become impaired, and that said company had j
become insolvent within the true intent and
meaning uf the insurance laws of the State
of California. I have this day revoked its
certificate of authority, previously granted,
as provided in section CuO of the Polltlcp.l
Code, and notice is hereby given that scad
company is no longer authorized to transact
the business of insurance within this State.
E. MYRON WOLF. Insuranc-e Commissioner.
l'KOl'US.W.8.
PROPOSALS— BIDS WANTEDy-NoUc* la
hereby given that sealed pruposala will be
received by tie board of directors of the
Veterans' Home of California, at its office,
room 13, r.ltu Sansome St., San Francisco,
Cal.. up to 11 o'clock a. m., Saturday, June
4, 11404. and opened immediately thereafter
in the presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering quartermaster and commis-
sary supplieb, etc., for the Veterans' Home,
Napa County, California (railroad station
Yountvllle), f. o b. for six mouths, com-
mencing July 1, 10O4, 'and ending December
31, 1904. Schedules with information and in-
structions lor submitting bids will be fur-
nished upon application by the undersigned.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules, and no bid will be consid-
ered unless it is in accordance with such
schedules. Bid* on tea, coffee and sugar
must be made on samples submitted.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check u^on some well-known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to C.
Mason Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter Into a good and valid
contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. The board reserves the right
| to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over or under the amount of spec-
ified. Address John F. Sheehan, secretary of
the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, room 13, 320 Sansom*
St.. San Francisco. Cal. By order of the i
board of directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN,
Secretary.
NOTICE to bidden) — Sealed proposals will be
received until June 21, 11MH, at.7:30 o'clock
p. m., by the Council of the City of Eureka
lor $5000 4V4 per cent Forest Park improve-
ment bonds; $100,000 4«.j per cent City Hail
bonds; $15,000 4>i per cent fire apparatus
purchase bonds, and $35,u00 4 >j per cent '
sewer completion bonds, issued by the city I
of Eureka under the act of the Legislature
of the State of California of February 25,
1001 (Statutes 1901, page 27). They will be in
denomination as follows: Forest Park Im-
provement bonds, $125; City Hall bonds.
J500; fire apparatus purchase bonds, $:J75.
and «wer completion bonds, $875; said bonds
will be dated en or after July 1, 1U04. Prin-
cipal and interest payable at the office of
the City Treasurer of the city of Eureka.
Interest payable semi-annually, one-fortieth
of principal payable annually, all in United
States gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check for 5 per cent ot
the bl<l payable to the Mayor of the city of I
Kureka, State of California. The city of
Eureka contains a population of 11,000. as-
eeEsed valuation $5,S00,0O0. with present
bonded indebtedness of $100,250, incurred in
1902. J. P. WUNDERLICH. City Clerk.
SAN Francisco, Cal., May 19, 1904— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. June S, 1004, and then
opened for construction of addition to wharf
and erection of coal shed thereon at Pre-
sidio of San Francisco, Cal. . Government
reserves the ripht to reject or accept any or
all bids in whole or in part. Information
furnished on application to WM. S. PAT-
TEN, Assistant Quartermaster General,
Chief Quartermaster.
U. S. ENGINEER Office. Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., April 21, 1904.— Sealed pro-
posals for dredging in San Pablo Bay, Cal.,
will be received here until 12 noon, Tuesday,
May 24. 1804. Information on application.
W. II. HEUKR. Ll<-ut. Col.. EngrB.
BIRTHS— MABB1ABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In u.1 either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.'
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. '
BORN.
SUHR— In thie city. May 17. 1904, to the wife
of Fred Suhr Jr., a daughter.
MARRIED?"
STOKES— GREIG— In this city. May 22. 1904,
by the Rev. T. M. Eoyd, John W. Stokes
and Amelia A. Grelg. - .
DIED -
Arnhold, Wilhelmina McGary. Alice
Barker, Frieda L. F. Menses, Mrs. Louise
Berry, John Mtsple. Jeanne A.
Best. John Nealon, Thomas F.
Daniels, Adlla Nunes, Lulz A.
Drewes. Herman O'Nell, Mary
Drews, Gustave , Phillips. Mary
Gordon, Thomas G. Quinlan. Daniel P.
Hansen, Jena Sanders Charles
Harkins. Charles B. Seller, Jacob H.
Hemenway, Mrs.E.T. Stone. Leonard L. —
Hovey. Fred Tiernay. Thomas
Johnson, J. Kelsey Voll, Allco' A.
London. Johanna Woltz, James A.
ARNHOLD— In this city. May 22. 1904. Wil-
helmina Arnhold. dearly beloved wife of
Eugene M. Arnhold, and beloved mother of
Robert Claus Arnhold, and sister of Mrs.
Johanna Brandt, a native of Germany, aged
25 years 7 months and 15 days.
CT Remains at the parlors of Gantner
Bros.. 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth.
BARKER— In this city, May 20, 1904. Frieda
L. F. Barker, dearly beloved wife of Ed-
ward Barker, a native of Germany, aged
2» years 1 month and 17 days.
E7Frlendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock from the parlors
ot H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. • Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. * : •
BKRRY— In this city. May 22 1904, John, be-
loved son of the late Michael and Alice
Berry, and brother of James. William" and
Mary Berry and Mra. E. Duffy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 24 years.
BEST— In this city. May 21, 1004, John, dearly
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION.
150 Head of
Trotting Bred and
Other Iforses,
Young Stallions. Registered Mares.
Standard Bred Mares and Gelding
Bred by the
Rancho Del Paso Land Co.
To be Sold at Auction at
AGRICULTURAL PARK. SACRAMENTO.
TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1904
Commencing at 10:30 a. m.
Horses will be at the Park Sunday and Men-
day before the Sale.
SALE POSITIVE. TERMS CASH.
JOHN MACKEY. Superintendent.
& „
50 AUCTION SALE 50
Of 39 head of DRAKT HORSES, including
PURE BRED NORMANS and SHIRES.
Also 11 head of STANDARD BKED COLTS'.
FILLIES and ROADSTERS. Including a tm-
ter than can show a mile in 2:30. weight 120O.
and gentle, sired by Diablo. GosaJper. Falroaw
and Alex Button. This consignment Is a grand
1 lot of choice, high grade animal?. The draft
I horses weigh from 14C0 to 1800 pounds; th«
wagon horses from 12C0 to 1400 pounds. an<t
all are fat and ready for Immediate use.
These horses are suitable for ranchers, orchard-
Ists. breeders, wholesale butchers, draymen.
: brewers, etc. In this lot are a number of purw
bred Shire and Norman fllltes that are hard to
excel. An Inspection by prospective buyers I*
Invited. This stock Is from the well known
ranch of 'William Brockman. Susanville. Lassea
Co.. Cal. Sale takes place
TUESDAY EVENING. MAY 24. 1904.
At 7:45 O'clock.
At Salesyard. 1732 Market st.. near Vaa Ness
ave.. San Francisco.
Horses at yard May 21. Send for catalogue,
FRED H. CHASE & CO.
Live Stock Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE
The Public and Buyers of San Francisco:
Buy to-night's Post and read my advertise-
ment; then come to my sale
TUESDAY, JUNE 14. 11 A. M.. RUSS HOUSB
Yours under the hammer.
V. H. L. WOOD.
"Good Goods."
AUCTION SALE
3-& £* 3*fc
at ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH ST.
"WEDNESDAY". May 23. at 11 a. ra.
I will sell 50 GOOD WORK HORSES weigh-
ing from 100O to 1500 lbs.. 6 to 8 years old.
ready to go to work. This stock Is the prop-
erty of MILLER & WRIGHT railroad con-
tractors
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
Jp»_^ By order of WILLIAM ALENDER of
San Jose. I will sell 2 carloads of GOO1>
ALL-PURPOSE HORSES, also CAMP. EX-
PRESS and PEDDLING WAGONS all kinds
of SURRIES. BUGGIES. CARTS, and 60 SETS
SINGLE and DOUBLE HARNESS, at 1U0
FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAY. May 24 11 a. m.
WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
**C0UXTRY hotel for eale'or exchange for city"
«,« ocur.try property. List of Oakland, Berke-
ley end Alameda property for sale or «x-
• cliange. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVEETIS'MENTS
AI.AMEDA BEAI. ESTATE.
SUOO — Lot 30xir>5; terms; $2550; good house
of 7 rooms; lot 110x150. J. H. TOUNG. 124S
Vark Et.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA "t~t~IS_EP HOUSES.
SUNNY well furnished <-ottage; beautiful
grounds. Apply 2065 Alameda ave.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
TO let — A suite of 2 or S rooms, with gas and
water; euit3t>le for a doctor or a married
oou'>!»; on Park St.. Alameda. Inquire ot
HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1420 Park et.
NTWLY furnished sunny rooms with board.
1541 Central ave.. Mortot. station, narrow
pau— .
BERKELEY ADVERT' S» M f NTS
BFRKELET REAL ESTATE.
12900— A ERY pretty cottage of 6 rooms: lot
f>rtxl25; on the eunny side cf street and near
the station.
(€500— Do yon want a first -class Investment
paying 9 per cent?
I have for sale a warehouse built of atone
and brick; fitted with compartments and ele-
vfifor; in an lmprovinir neighborhood; leased
for 5 years: a good Investment.
JOSEPH J. MASON. R*al Estate.
SE. cor. Khatturk ave. and Center rt.
BEnKEI-KY HOUSES TO LET.
I-ROOM Swiss chalet on University Terrace;
c funitehed for two months from June 1. or
unfuniiehed for 15 months; redwood flni«h*S
throughout: living room 30 feet long with 22
fp*>t of windows on south and west; gas and
c electricity; excellent view. Call either nt 2433
barring et.. the owner, or at 2111 Shattuck
ave.. P. L. JUNGCK. agent.
Fr>fP.-ROOM modern cottage in Berkeley. In-
quir* 100" Mlat-lon St.. S. F.
BEBKELEY rUBNISEED BOOKS.
TO let — A nicely furnished room, suitable for
man and wife or two gentlemen; 10 minutes*
walk from university. Apply 1882. Univer-
sity ave.. Berkeley.
UNIVERSITY ave, 1996. 1 block from Schat-
tuck ave.. IV*rkelry — New furnished room.
• OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
OAKLA\D ItEAI, ESTATE.
A SNAP.
51050 cnly for a G-rooxn cottage with bath.
*te- in East Oakland: easy terms. P. C.
LASSEN & CO.. 406 Ter.th st.. Oakland. Cal.
F. F\ PORTER.
8500O— 12-room modern house: beautiful yard;
barn: carriage house; lot 40x140; near 27th
St. and Telegraph ave.
NEW 7-room furnished house; 5 minutes' walk
from Key route depct. Apply S31 Thirty-
flTtl' ft.. Oakland.
OAKUM) HOUSES TO LET.
MAGNOLIA, near Ter.th — Two eleirant. sunny !
flats: reasonable rent. Key 749 Magnolia st. j
OAKLAND FCRMSHED HOUSES.
" 1
CHOICE residence for rent; handsomely fur- j
nished house. 12 rooms: desirable neighbor- \
Jfood: on car line; to rent for six months, 1S5 ,
per month. MEAD & BELL. 1223 Broad- i
way. Oakland.
OAKLAND KlUMTtHB FOtt SAI.K.
TOMORROW tr» day for bargains la funl-
t—e. H. 6chelihaaa.lltb «t..cor ¦tore.Oaklaad.
..San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS ' FOR HOUSEKEEPING..
CALIFORNIA. 1335. near Gough— Unusually
desirable unfurnished rooms; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 300S — Lovely sunny room for
light housekeeping; gas; running water; i
garden; reasonable.
CLAT. 1823 — S rooms and kitchen; new and
beautifully furnished; view; $30.
CLAT, 1R35. cor." Polk — Two front rooms, with |
use of kitchen. |
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — 1
EDDY, C17— Sunny room; running water: j
phone; housekeeping allowed; suitable for
1 or 2.
ELEVENTH. 106 — Two large, sunny front bay-
window and connecting rooms: gas stove.
ELLIS. J457 — Furnished and unfurnished
room*; cultable for housekeeping; reasona- J
_ blc. I
FIFTH. 353—2 and S furnished housekeeping j
rooms. ?12 and $13 60; single. $4 to $6. !
FOLSOM. 754 — Large bedroom, with kitchen; j
eom-Mii~t; reasonable. j
FRANKLIN. 117— Neat housekeeping rooms. J
furnished: very 6ucny; rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 4':3— Two parlors fur- |
niched for Trmieekeeping. I
GOUGH, 7ifc— 2 nice large attic rooms; run-
ning water; ea* ramje; rent $10. j
HAIGHT. 3—2 rooms, front, furnished for
heekpg-; folding bed; gas range: run, water.
HOWARD, 1C04 — 2 front rooms, connecting.
complete for housekeeping: private; cheap.
IVY ave.. 24J— 3 rooms furnished, 51" 00; 2.
$15;. sink and gas; adult*.
JESS1K, S23 — t=unny room, furnished; light
housekeepinir: for one: gas stove; SI 75 week]
JONES. US — 3 fjnny basement housekeeping
rooms: also others. j
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine— j
Bunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat- j
ed. electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up. I
LARKIN. S17% — Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed; gas stove; reasonable.
MARKET, 2u9S — Two large well furnished
rooms for housekeeping; $18.
> MrALLIFTER. 511 — Two large connecting
rooms for housekeeping.
MrALLISrER. VA — Sunny 2-room suite; $7.
9\2. *!•">: cas range: hoi bath: adults.
MrALLlSTER, »C3. cor. Laguna. first floor —
One houwke^ping room; large and sunny;
running water.
IS — 2 runny housekeeping rooms;
rent reasonable; private family.
OAK. *0 — Two roonrn fumishesd complete for
housekcfj>im?: use of piano.
OAK. 1IT — Kxtra eunny 3-room suite; $20; 2
rooms f i2; single $S; cas range; adults.
OAK. 1529, on Panhandle— 2 or 3 eunny fur-
nished rooms for housekpg. ; bath, laundry.
O'FARRELL, 1127 — One or two furnished
rooms for light housekeeping: bath; phone.
OFARRELL, 1395— Nicely furnished, sunny
front housekeeping suite; $16.
PINE. 1S00. cor. Hyde — Sunny basement; 3
furniEhcd rooms ; range; gas stove; yard; $1C.
POLK. 1402^ — Bonny housekeeping room*; gas
and bath free; reasonable.
IOfc'T. 824 — Handsome parlors, dlnlnr-room
and kitchen; 2 single rooms; sunny; modern.
TOST. 1S»4 — Spacious gunny rooms, housekeep-
ing-; othrr rooms; bath, phone; references.
POWELL.. 208 — Housekeeping rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
625— Light housekeeping rooms to
let- ¦ ¦ . ¦¦
SAX' JOSE ave.. 578 — 3 unfurnished sunny
room*, with bath. $Ji
SHOTWELL. 822 — Two sunny rooms for light
hounekeeping.
SIXTEENTH, r.078 — 3 tinfurnished rooms to (
let for houseke«ping; front and back parlor.
EDTTE8J 2170—2 or 3 furnished roc^ns: sunny;
housekeeping; bath and phone; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 504. near Geary— Nice clean sunny
room*; housekeeping: corner house; cheap.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367— 2 housekeeping rooms
in the MUMon warm belt.' J
VALENCIA. K22 — 2 sunny.furnlshed house-
k<-rj.ir.K rooms; running water, gas and elec-
tric Iisrhts^
VAN NKSS ave.. 706 — Fr~l basement suite of
3 roonis; complete for housekeeping; $22.
WEBSTER. 1229. near Eddy— Three very nice-
ly furnished housekeeping rooms; phone and
bath. ¦ ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaU branch office, cor. Duncan & Cfaorch «ts.
beloved husband of Elizabeth Best, and
father of Mrs. S. Thompson, and John E.
Llllle E., William G., Alfred E. and Violei
Best, aged 68 years and 6 day«.
Court Hayes Valley No. 59, F. of A.—
You are hereby notlfled to attend the funeral
of Brother J. Best, from hia late residence,
653 Castro street, Monday May 23, at 10
a. m. By order of
HARRY SPRAY. Chief Ranger.
DANIELS— In this city May 22. 1304. Adila.
relict of the late William Daniels, and
mother of Henry. Ella. Ethel and George
Daniels, a native of Ireland, aged 48 years.
CRemalns at parlors of McFadden. Mc-
Brearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be- '
tween Seventh and Eighth.
DREWES — In this city. May 22, 1004, Herman,
beloved husband of Mathilda Drewes. and
father ot Rudolph Drewes. a native of Han-
over. Germany, aged 25 years 11 months and
24 days. A member of Court Stanford No.
27. F. of A., and United Brewery Workmen's
Union. Local No. 227.
DREWS— Entered Into rest. In this city. May
20. 1904, Guetave Drews, a native of Pom-
men, Germany, aged 77 years 2 months and
24 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Paulus
German Evangelical Lutheran Church, cor- |
ner of Eddy and Gough streets. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eiehth.
GORDON— At Veterans* Home, Napa. May 19.
1904. Thomas G. Gordon, aged 74 years. A
member of George H. Thomas Post No. 2.
1 G. A. R.
! HANSEN— In this city, May 20. 1904, Jens !
Chris Hansen, beloved brother of Hans, j
Louis and Captain Anton Hansen, a native
of €annea. Trama, Arendal, Norway, aged
36 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlted#to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), ot 10 o'clock, from the parlors •
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, j
betwuen Seventh and Eighth. Cremation I.
. O.' O. F. Cemetery. !
HARKINS — In this city May 21. 1904. Charles ]
B.. beloved husband 'of the late Elizabeth j
Harklns. and father of C. B. Jr.. John P. 1
and Peter Harkins Mr3. William J. Rick- |
ards. Mrs. Thomas Sterling, Mrs. Frank 1
Walthour and the late William T. and Jamea I
J. Harkln8. a native cf Ireland, aged 74 |
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock.* from the resi-
dence of his daughter. Mrs. William J.
Rickards, 216 Elm avenue, off Van Ness
avenue, between Golden Gate avenue and [
Turk street, thence to St. Ignatius Church, j
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery. !
HEMENWAY— In Oakland. May 22. 1004. Mra. '
Eleanor T. Hemenway, widow of the late
Sylvester Hemenway, and beloved mother of
Eleanor F. Hemenway, a native of Lynch -
burg. Va.. aged 70 years 1 month and 27
days. (Los Angeles papers please copy.)
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fu'.ly invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at her 1
late residence. 665 Eighteenth street. Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery. '
HOVEY— In this city. May 22. 1904. Fred, !
beloved infant son of Fred and Martha Hovey,
brother of Gladys and Marguerite Hovey,
and grandson of Martin and Annie Freuden- (
- bergr and Mrs. Jennie Hovey. a native of San
Francisco, aged SO days. •
JOHNSON— In Sacramento, Cal.. J. Kelsey
Johnson, infant son of John T. and Leva M.
Johnson, and brother of Mildred L. Johnson, |
a, native of San Francisco, aged 6 months
and 23 days. !
LONDON— In this city. May 22. 1904. at her !
residence. 299 Lassat avenue, Johanna, be- !
loved wife of the late Louis A. London, and j
mother of Mrs.*-" G. Victor, Mrs. Edward I
Mil-hales and the late Minna London, a na-
tive of Posen. Germany.
McGARY— In this city. May 22. 1904. Alice,
beloved wife of the late Edward McGary,
an<l mother of Mrs. Samuel Poorman, James
and Charles McGary, 'Mrs. W. H. White,
Mrs. J. Uhler Hastings and Edward McGary. j
a native of Ireland, aged ?0 years.
C? Notice of funeral hereafter.
MESPLE— In this city. May 2U. 1904. at her
residence, 310 Montgomery avtnuo. Jeanne
A., dearly beloved daughter of Mrs.Ursule
MeSple. and beloved sister of Lawrence and
Lucia Mesple, a native of France, aged 18 j
years 1 month and 8 days.
MENGES— In Oakland. May 22, 1904. Mrs.
l^oulso Menges, widow of the latt- Adam
Menses, a native of Bielefeld, Germany,
aged 84 years. '.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. May 25, at 10:45 o'clock, at i
the Oakland Crematorium. Mather and Howe
streets. Oakland.
NEALON— In this city. May 21. 1904. Thomas
F., son of the late Patrick and Deborah
Nealon, and brother of Kathryn M. and John
P. N*alon, Mrs. George Horn and Mrs. Mar-
' tin. a native of Redwood City, Cal.. aged
33 years and 1 month. A member of San ]
Francisco Typographical Union No. ' 21. !
(Scranton, Carbondale and Wllkesbarre, Pa.,
papers please copy.)
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), from 1225 Pierce street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, Menlo Park, by »
a. m. train from Third and Townsend
street?. A requiem mass will be celebrated ,
for the repose of his eoul at 10:30 o'clock
at Redwood City.
NUNES— In this city. May 20, 1904, Lulz An-
tonla JJunes, beloved hunband of Narciza
Florinda Nunes, and uncle of Mrs. Mary
Jerome, a native of Portugal, aced £>S yeais |
and 1 month. A member of Memorial Lodge j
No. 174, A. O. U. W., and Portuguese Pro-
tective Benevolent Association.
CT'Friends'Rnd acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral >ilonday, I
May 2.'{. at 9 o'clock, from his !al* reai- j
dence, 79 Jackson street, thence to Iglesla
de Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe. on Broad- I
way, near Mason street, where a high mass i
will be celebrated for the reoose of his soul, j
comr.iencln? at 10 o'clock sharp. Interment I
Hf'ly Crosa Cemetery, by carriages.
O' NEIL— In Berkelty, May 19, 1904, Mary,
widow of the late Michael O'Nell, In her
eighty-seventh year, a native of County
Cork, Ireland.
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May 23, at 10 o'clock, from the residence of 1
her daughter, I4fi9 Clay street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
thence to Holy Cross Cemetery, by funeral
train leaving Valencia-street station at 11:30
o'clock.
PHILLIPS— In this city. May 22. 10O1. Mary,
beloved wif.? of Walter Phillips, and mother '
of Walter J. Jr.. and sister of John P. and
Thoma« J. Smith, a native of San Fran- 1
cisco. aged 36 years 9 months and 29 days. |
ETFrlends and acquaintances arc respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Tufsday). May 2i. at 8:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Peter's Church. Twenty -fourth and .
Alabama stroetF, where a requiem masa will
.be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at S) o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery. ;
QUINLAN— In this city. May 21, 1904, at his '
residence. 482 Eighth street Daniel P., dear- 1
ly beloved husband of Mary A. Qulnlan, and 1
dnvoUd father of May and Josephine Quin-
lan and Mrs. J. O He.isch of Sacramento,
a native of Ireland.
E?'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BANDERS— In this city. May 21. 1004. Charles
Kandors, a native of WaKenfelt, Germany,
aged 5S_»-ears <i months and 1 day. (Brook- ;
lyn and New York papers please copy.)
K~ Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). May 24, at 1 :."0 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F Suhr & Co.. 11"7 Mission ;
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter- !
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. j
SELLER— In this city May 21. 1904. Jacob j
H., husband of the late Sophie Seller,' and j
beloved father of Fred Henry, Sanford,
Arthur, Estella and '. Florence Seller. Mrs. !
Alex W. Well, Mra. I/Ouls Feigenbaum and :
Mrs. Maurice K. Frank, a native of Bavaria. '
Germany, aged 78 years 8 months and 15
days.
tCTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
-fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-<iay (Monday) at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, 421 .Van Ness avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Ometery, by special train
leaving Third and Townsend streets depct
at 2:15 o'clock.
STONE— In this city. May 22, 1904. Leonard
Ligurd. dearly beloved eon of Charles and
Edda Stone, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 months and 27 days.
TIERNAY— In this city. May 21. 1904, TJhomas
F.. dearly beloved son of Mary and the late
Bernard Tiernay, and brother of Mrs. F.
Gorman. Mrs. J. Powelson. Mrs. V. Hoff-
man, Mra. E. Johnson and Mrs. C. Perry, a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years 11
months and 5 days. '
~*"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 78 Clara street, thence to St.
Patrick'a Church."' where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his eoul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme.
tcry,
VOLL— In this city May 21 1904. Alice A.,
beloved wife of William Voll.. daughter of
Lillie and the late Joseph Artega, and sister
of Lena Solomon and Annie, Ada and George
Artega. a native . of Gllroy. Santa Clara ¦
¦ County, aged 10 years 2 months and 25 days. J
E7"Frlends and acquaintances. are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). May 24, at 11 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. V. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Crema-
tion Odd Felows' Cemetery.
WOLTZ— In this city. May 22 1904. James A.,
beloved son of John P. and Mary Agnes
V/oltz, and brother of Vera 'C. and Lloyd
Woltz. a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 4 months and 14 days. '¦
FUNERAL MUSIC VOCAL' .
Singers supplied for funeral services. Either
solo, duet or . male quartet furnished at short
notice. Had ' much experience. Address . Di-
rector. D. M. LAWRENCE, 641 Turk street.
; Phone East 1079.JOE CORRETT SHUTS OUT
THE STARS FROM BROOKLYN
to-morrow's races at Hawthorne track
follow:
First race purse, maiden two-year-old fillies,
four "furlongs— St. Bonnie. Cernova. Pedesla,
Fallona Isabella B. Racena May, Cherrybird,
Monogram. Raviana, Dixie Andrews. Mrs. Bob,
IU i?eoond'race. •elllnif. three-year-olds one mile
— Freckman 08. Falkland 101. Sweet Tone 101,
Ben Heywood 101 Falernlan 101, Schoolmate
101. Mohave 105. Creole Jim 100, Watermelon
Third race, puree', • three- year-olds^ and up,
one mile end a furlong— Jerry Lynch 02, Rough
and Tumble 02, Bantor 105. Bad News 105.
Huxzah 108. ,. '
Fourth race purte. three-year-olds and^up,
five and a half furlongs— My Alice 107, Pre
cious Stone 10!» Burlelgh 109, New Mown Hay
115. Mlndora 124.
Fifth race, felling, , four-year-olds and up,
cne mile ar.d swenty yards— Maud Muller 00,
Peeper 9S Louinville 102. Nlaxu* 105. FlorUar
107, Federal 108. Havlland 10S, Gloriosa 109,
Ilabunta I0!» Cornwall 114.
Sixth race, puree, two-year-old colts and
geldlnrs five furlongs — Allen Avon 107, Drexel
lcs. Dixie Lad 10S, R. L. Johnson 110, Macic
110, Luzarion 113 King's Trophy 113. Vldalla ,
US. ; •.../;
Stolen bases — Ganley. FTancke, Devereaux.
Errors — Toman, Ross, T. Streib, Eager, New
ton. Spies. Three-base hits — Schlafly, Frnncks.
Two-base hits — Francks. Cravath, J.- Streib.
Sacrifice hit — Kruffer. First base on errors-
Oakland (1). First base on called balls-rOft
Newton, C: off Schmidt, 1. Left on bases — Log
Angeles 4; Oakland 12. Struck out — By New
ton, 4; by Schmidt, 3. Hit by pitcher — Qan
ley. Schmidt, Kruger. Time of game— One
hour forty minutes. Umpires— Perine and Mo-
Donald.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 O O 0 0 — 0
Base hits 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1—4
Oakland 0 2 0 1 1 0 0 4 x— 8
¦ Base hits 12112004 x— 11
SUMMARY.'
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS,
Doc Newton came in for his third
beatingr at the hands of the Oakland
clouters during the morning 1 struggle.
The big medical twister was walloped
hard all the time, eleven hits in alj,.
Including several for extra bases.*
Schmidt could not he approached by
the Angel stickers, and, backed up by
j*reat fielding,- the shut-out act was
easy for him. The double umpire sys
tem was tried and it worked so well
that both Perrine and McDonald held
their jobs for the afternoon. The
score:
Los Angeles — Oakland —
AB.R. H. P.A. I AB.H. H. P.A.
Pomn, s..4 0 12 ljGanly. rf.2 2 0 3 0
Whir. 3b. 4 0 10 ljFrncks, s.5 1 3 2 8
Flood, 2b. 2 0 0 1 OKritr, cf .3 1110,
Uernd. cf.4 0 0 5 0 Pchlf, 2b. 4 0 12 4 I
I'ravt rf.3 0 11 O Devr. ' 3b. 3 2 0 13
Ross. If. .3 0 0 2 O'JStrb, lb:« 1 2 13 O
Thase, lb.8 0 0 5 1 Byrns, c.5 1 2 4 0
Hpies. C...3 0 0 5 1 Hchmd. p. 4 0. 1 0 1
Kewtn. p. 3 0 0 0 1 VStrb. If. 4 0 1 1. 0
Eagr. lb..l 0 13 0
Totals.30 0 4 24 5 TotaJs.33 S 11 27 11
Newton Gets a Beating:.
Sacrifice .hits — Drennan. Massey. Earned
runs — Portland .4. Stolen . bases — Waldron
Drennan. - Errors — Cartwrlght - 2. Masaey.
Reits. Waldron,, Drennan. \ .Bases on balls
Off Thlelman 1, off Whalen 1. Two-base hit*
— Beck,. Hildebrand, Murphy, Irwln, Miller,
Drennan. Home runs — Whalen, Reltz. Double
plays — Waldron to Massey, Miller to Reltz to
Massey. Left .on bases — Portland 0, San
Francisco 5. Hit by pitched ball — By, Thlel
man 1. First base on errors— Portland 2. San
Francisco C. HiU— Off Butler 10, oft Thlel
man 5. ¦ Wild pitch — Whalen. Time of game,
1:05. Umpire — O'ConnelL • ,
SUMMARY,
Portland ..'. .....0 1 2 02 000 0— a
Base hit* 12 4 0 3 1.1 0 . 1— 13
San Francisco ...0 3 0 10 0 0 2 0 0—15
Base hits.. 2 10 8 10 1 0" 2— 15
Totals. 35 5 13 27 16j Totals. 44 18 15 27 12
RUNd AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland Titchers Hit Hard.
PORTLAND, Or., May 22. — The San
Francisco balltossers would have
broken the heart of the best man to
day that ever stood In the box and
put twists on a ball. They sent Ike
Butler to the bench In the fourth and
had little less regard for Thielman's
feelings. Whalen and Reitz each made
the circuit oh smashes from their own
bats. Doubles were lined out by Ir
wln. Miller and Hildebrand. The
score:
Portland — i San Francisco—
AB.R. H. P.A.1 AB.R. H. P.A.
prhan.cf 4 0 11 0 tflller.sa 4 2 10 2
McCde.rf 5 O 0 4 -0 Andsn.ss 10 1 2 2
Nudau.If 5 12 1 O'lUdbnd.lf 6 1 3 1 0
Ueck, 2b 6 2 2 3 5 Wldrn.cf CO 14 1
Frncls.ss 5 1 4 2 4 Meany.rf 5 1' 1 l o
Mrphy.lb B 1 3 12 (I Irwln.Sb 5 3 2 2 1
Ctwht,3tr 4 0 11 8 Massy.lb 4 2 1110
l ; tlman,c 3 0 0 3 3 Relt*,2b 5 2 2 2 3
Putler, p 1 0 0.00 Leahy, c 4 2 1 1 0
Thlmn.p 3' 0 0 0 1 Whaln.p 5 2 1 0 3
The sloop Challenger, flagship or the San
Francieco Yacht Club; the schooner White
Wir.jjs and the launches Rob Roy. Edwinna
and Kittie M cruised from Sausalito on Satur
day tvenir.g anU dropped anchor in Paradise
Cove. Tbry ivere Joined at about 11 p. in. by
R. S. Brlilgman's bloop Thetis. Yesterday the
Kloop Surprise and the launches Olive. HuiJa,
Sski;» and Sequoia made 1'aradlto Cove'
Yeru-rday the yawls Tramontana, Witch and
Royal, the »loo;i* Annie, Mischief. Neille,
Sa;>plio and Curlfw left Keusalito about 11:30
a. m. The sloo»< Artel and V/awl Witch went
out to the channel, where a. strong, steady
br*N?ze vie blowing. The others cruised up
Raccoon Strait*, or round Aneel Icland; but.
getting caueht In calms, were unable to r?ach
the rendezvous at Paradise Cove. The sloops
JeFEle E and Elthe of the California Yacht
Clnb rrt-re hurg up for nearly two hours under
the l*o of Ar.grel Island. The wind was ex
ceedingly light In the upper bay and, the tide
being foul, the yachtsmen had a bard time to
triRkc their moorings. Up to <5:30 p. m. the
launch** were the only craft that had returned
fj-oin Paradi>>« Cove, the eloop Challenger being
to flcbt in Raccoon Slreits.
\ clambake was held en the b^ach at Para
dise Cove yestrrday. and was much enjoyed
by those who were able to reach that favorite
rendezvous of the yachtsmen.
The Corinthian fleet cruised to Vallejo on
Saturday and returned to moorings .yesterday.
Few Yachts Reach Paradise' Cove
Where Clam Bake Is Held
on the Heaeh.
LIGHT BREEZE INTERFERES
WITH AMATEUR TARS' PLANS.
Lucy Clair, a young greyhound from
Fresno by St. Clair-Lucllle, surprised
the talent yesterday at Ingleside
Coursing Park. She won cleverly, mak
ing all her trials short ones. She" met
and defeated Prometheus in the de
ciding course.
A match race has been arranged be
tween Miss Brummel and Snapper
Garrison for next Sunday. A 16-dog
puppy stake and a 112-dog open stake
will complete tl\e card. The day's re
sults with Judge Thomas Tierney's
official score follows:
Miss Brummel beat Budding Rose, 6-3;
Snapper ! Garrison beat Conroy, 14-8; Lucky
Shamrock beat Cossette, 41-4; Lucy Clair beat
Red Pepper, 4-0; Glaucus beat Frisky Bar
bara, 10-7; Bright Columbia beat Glancing
Pasha, 3-2; Idaho Boy a bye; JJartaway beat
Roy Hughle, 8-1; Humboldt beat Homer Boy.
G-2; Ragced Actor beat Mark Twain. lo-O;
Colored Lady beat General Dewet. 6-1; For
tuna Angel beat General Fremont. 8-0; Pure
Pearl beat Black Coon, 7-0; Luxury a bye:
Prometheus beat Aggie W, 4-0; Golden Garter
bent Real Duchess, 11-5; Bob It beat Helen
Hayes. 4-2: Apple Blossom beat Little Lucy.
5-1: Jerry Wright beat Lulu Girl, 4-1; Rich
Argosy .beat Concord Boy. 3-2; Northern
Alarm beat Frank Dunn. 13-1; Little Plunger
beat Golden Feather. 4-2; Sir Winton beat
Rolling Boer, 18-2: Haughty Helen beat Young
Fearless, 0-4; Mo«e beat Sofala; 0-3:
Third round— Miss Brummel beat Snapper
Garrison, 8-0: Lucy Clair a bye: Bright Co
lumbia beat Glaucus. 13-11; Idaho Boy beat
Imperious. 12-9; Fenl! beat Honest John, 8-0;
Humboldt beat Dartaway. 0-2: Ragged Actor
beat Colored Lady, 15-7; Pure Pearl beat For
tuna Angel. C-1: Prometheus beat Luxury.
to-4: Golden Garter beat Bob R. 8-4: Apple
BlOBsom beat Jerry Wrteht. 12-0; Rich Argosy
a bye: Little Pluncrer a bye.- "
Fourth round— Lucy Clair beat Snapper Oar
rlson. 0-0; Idaho Boy a bye; Fenil. beat
Humboldt. 7-4; Pure Pearl beat Ragged Ac
tor. 7-3; Prometheus beat Oolden Garter, 10-8;
Rich Argosy beat Apple Blossom, 13-10; Mose
b?nt Little Plunger, 8-4.
Fifth round — Lucy CJalr a *— e; Fenil beat
Pure Pearl, 6-0; Prometheus' a bye; Mose a
bye. .
Sixth round — Lucy Clair beat Fenll, 14-6;
Prometheus beat Moee, 42-0.
Decldln? course — Lucy Clair beat Prome
theus, 6-2.
Fresno Hound Defeats Prometheus in
Ingle-side Park Stake.
LUCY CLAIR VICTORIOUS.
Seattle team from the second shut=
out of the day. The score:
Seattle — Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
f. nHtn.cf 4 a 0 3 0 Doyle.rf 5 2 2 3a
Hhler,2b 3 0 0 2 4 Shehn.3b 3 0 0 5 2
r>lnty,3b 4 0 113 Nrdyk.lb 4 0 19 0
Frisk. If 2 0 1 2 1 Egan. s. . 4 0 2 0 4
te'mith.rf 4 0 1 1 OLynch.cf 4 12 10
BrRhr.lb 4 0 0 11 l;Car.ey,2b 4 0 12 2
il.Hall.ss 4 0 12 2jMcLln,lf 3 0 0 10
Wilson, c 4 0 0 4 OGrahm.c 4 0 0 6 0
C.Hall.p 2 0 11 2;Ftzgrd,p 4 0 10 1
•BInkshp 10 0 0 Or
r ! Totals. 35 3 9 27 9
Totals. 32 0 5 27 13 1
•Blankenshlp batted for C. Hall In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BV INNINGS.
Seattle '. O 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0^ — 0
Base hits 0 0 0 0 1 2 1.1 0 — 5
Tacoma 1 0 0 1 1 o O o 0 — 3
Base hits 1 0 0 2 3 1 2 0 0— 'J
SUMMARY.
Errors — C. Hall, BraFhear. Earned runs
Tacoma 2. Two-Pnse hlta— Doyle, Fitzgerald,
R. Hall, Delehanty, Frisk. Stolen bases-
Casey, Mohler. Sacrifice hits — Sheehan 2
Bases on balls — Off C. Hall 1. off Fitzgerald 4
Struck out— By Hall ft, by Fitzgerald 3. Left
on baaes — Seattle 0, Tacoma (J. Time of game,
1:45. Umpire — Huston. Attendance 1000.
Tacoma — Seattle —
AB.R. H. P.A.J AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rf. 4* 12 2 0 Vanll, cf 4 0 1 3 0
BhChn; 3b 4 0 1 0 2 Mohlr 2b 3 0 0 2 2
NMyk. lb .1 1 1 13 0 Dlhty." 3b 3 0 l 2 0
Egan. s.. 4 0 1 0 7 Frisk. If. 4 0 11 1
Lynch, cf # 0 0 2 0 Smith, rf .1 0 10 0
Casey. 2b 3 0 12 3 Brshr lb 3 0 O 5 0
MLffn, If .1 1 1 O 0 Hall, ss. 4 > O 5 1
Hogan. c: 2 0 0 8 0 Illkahp, c 3 1 16 2
"Dverall, p3 0 0.0 2 Willma, p 3 0 0 0 3
Totals. 30 3 7 27 14 1 Totals. 20 2 ~5 24 ~0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle . . . : 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—2
Base hits 0.0 2 10 1 0 0 1—5
Taccma 10 00 0 1' 1 o x S
Base hits 2 0.0 0 1 1 2 1 x 7
SUMMARY.
Errors^ — Mohler. Hall. Struck out— By Over
all 7. by Williams 0. Bases on balls— By
Overall 4, by Williams 2. Hit by pitcher— By
Williams -1. Wild pitch-Overall. Stolen
bases — Egan, Delehanty. Two-base hits— Ca-
Bcy, Van Haltren. Three base hits— Sheehan
McLaughlln. Home run— Blankenshlp. Sacri
fice hit — Brashear. Left on bases — Tacoma .6
Seattle 7. Time of game — One hour and flfty
flve minutes. Umpire — Jack Huston.
Exciting Game of Lacrosse Is Played
for Benefit Before Larjfe Crowd i
at Presidio Grounds.
The San Francisco Lacrosse team de
feated the San Mateo team at the Pre
sidio athletic grounds yesterday after
noon by the score 10 to 4.
Up to the forth quarter of the game
the visitors from San Mateo had scored
but one point, though their playing was
but little inferior to that of the home
team. In the fourth quarter, however,
their luck seemed to change and they
scored three goals in rapid succession.
E. Peterson, defense for the San
Francisco team, played a fine cool
game, but was injured in the third
quarter and was obliged to retire from
the field. .
Renwlck,' Scanlan and Darragh did"
most of the star playing of the match.
Scanlan scored fl\e times, Darragh
twice and Renwick twice.
The game was played for the benefit
of the Park Amphitheater fund and
financially should prove a success as
the attendance waa large.
The lineup was as follows:
San Francisco. Position. San Mateo.
niackwell Goal J. Pea««
W. Degan roint M. Lyons
F. Burden Ctsver point W. Tobln
F. Beardmore Defense J. Ross
E.Hughes .Defense ....E. GUligan •
E. Peterson Defense Doc Si.sson
C. Renswlck Onter J"<» Lyons
F. Scanlan Hr,m« field H. Contts i
H. Judge Home field E. Myers
J. Darragh Home field. .:.. .Fred Lynr>h
J Crilly Outside home. . .Mike Lyons
Fred Minto In»i''e home.F. Mt-Laughlia
Millwood Gun Club's Shoot.
The members o^the Millwood Gun
Club held their regular bluerock shoot
on their grounds near Mill Valley yes
terday. Following is the result of the
shoot:
Twenty-bird race — Van Ncrdcn 9, Ashlln 14.
Price 14, Wauman 15 Newlands 12. Shreve in.
Collins Jr. 12. Kewell 15, Haas 17, Collins 16,
Wayman 14, Wagner 11. _
Flf teen-blrd race— Shreve 0. W agner 10. Col
lins 13. Mersfelder 9 Ashlln 11. Van Norden 11,
Price 14 Collins Jr. 0. Newlands «, Haas 11.
Franzen' 13. Kl«ve«ahl 13, King 8. Johns 10,
Mersfelder 10. Norerove 7.
Fifteen-bird race — Wagner 10. Price 13, Van
Norden 12, Shreve 9. Haas 13, Wagner 12.
Kewell 6. Ashlln 12. Collins 12. Newlands 12.
Collins Jr. 9. Klevesahl 14, Franzen 13, Nor
grove 5. Mersfelder 12.
Club badze race. 25 b'.uerocks — Van Nor
den IS. Wagner 11. Turpin 15, Collins 21.
Kewell 12. Bhreve 18. Price 20 Ashlin IS,
Wayman 10. Mersfelder 11. Haas 19. New
lands 14, Collins Jr. 16. Klevesahl 20. Fran
ren 23, Cuthbert 12. Turpin 11, Black 8.
Shreve 15. Haas 15. Norgrove 12.
SAX DOMINGO. May 22. — The Dominican
Government has obtained from the Italian Min
ister new terms for the payment of Italian
claims under the protocol, i The arrangement
stipulates that the payment shall -begin after
$25,000 has been produced and applied to the
exterior debts.
Horseman Frank Phillips Dies.
CHICAGO. May 22.— Frank Phllliya. the
well-known horso owner and bookmaker, died;
suddenly here to-r.lsht at the Palmer Houre.
Phillips who had been suffering from_
Bright"* disease for several years, arrived in..
Chicago on Saturday from the Pacific Coast'
and appeared to be much improved. The,.
strain or the trip was too severe, however. *nd.. .
to-day he suffered a relap*? from «rhich he ¦
never rallied, dying at « o'clock to-night.
Phillips who had several fast horses.. In his.,
ntrlns 'amens them being Sam Fullen, was
recognized as authority on "future" book
making. He was 42 years old.
Captain J. Altendorf -Captures the
Qpcnlns Event of the California
Yacht Club's Season.
OAKLAND. May 22. — Captain J.
Altendorfs yawl Pilgrim won the
handicap sup race of the California
Yacht Club to-day, defeating the yawl
Iola,- Captain Robert Vincent, and
Commodore George M. Shaw's yawl
Idler. The Polywog and the Sham
rock started, but the heavy wind in
the channel caused their skippers to
turn back and neither finished.
The Pilgrim had thirty-two minutes'
handicap over the Iola, which was
the scratch boat. The Idler's handi
cap was twenty-eight minutes. Cor
rected time gave the Altendorf yawl
the victory by 3 minutes 25 seconds.
The results:
Sailing
time.
Yacht— h.m. s.
Pilgrim, yawl, Altendorf 3:22:(rt
Iola, yawl. R. Vincent 2:53:30
Idler, yawl. G. M. Shaw 3:3<S:00
YAWL l'lLGKIM WINS
1L\XI)ICAI J CUP RACE
HOME PLAYERS DEFEAT
TEAM FROM SAN MATEO.
BERKELEY, May 22.— The College City Gun
Club lost the second of the series of team
races In contest with the Empire Gun
Club by a. score of 14'J to 135 this afternoon
at the North Berkeley traps. It was to have
been a twelve-man shoot, but the failure of
two or three men to appear reduced the num
ber to eleven on a side. Unfortunately for the
College City shooters three of their 90 per
cent men— Leavel. Chick and Swales — were
among the absentees. The score In the team
race was as follows:
Empire Gun Club — Cullen 13, Webb 19, Allen
Xf>. La Motte 17. Haupt 12. Roman 12. Dr.
Gcer 10. Sweeney 14", Peltier 9. Hauer 14. Payne
13; total. 14U.
College City Gun Club — MeClaln 16. Rouble
12. Schtnldt 11. Searles 10, R. Ualrd 15.. New
comb 10, Juster 17, Reed 20. L. Baird 7,
Solinsky <!. Jacobsen 11; total, 135.
This wag also the- regular monthly shoot of
the College City Club, the following scores
having been made in the series of eight events:
Ten-Mrd shoot — Reed 10. Juster 4, Seartes 10.
Jacobsen 0, Newcomb 7, Witter 3. Sollnsky 1,
Payne S, Peltier 3, Sweeny 7. Cullen 9. I*
Balrd 5. Lewis 4. Allen 7, Haupt 0, Webb 8,
Sylvester 8, Schmidt 8. La Motte 0, Hauer 8.
Ten-bird shont — Juster 5, Jacobaen 7, Payne
5. Peltier 3. Sweeny 7. Haupt 5, Webb 7.
Sylvester 5. ¦ •
Ten-bird shoot -<- Jacobsen 5, Payne 8,
Peltier 7.
Flftpcn-bird shoot — Reed 14. Juster 13,
Searle3 8, Jacobsen 0, Newcomb 8, Witter 4,
MeClaln 9, Sollnsky 8, Payne 10, Cullen 8.
Dr. Ge»x 7. L. Batrd 8, Lewis 7. Bradshaw 14,
Allen 13.
FJfteen-blrd shoot — Reed 13. Juster 13.
Searles 10, Payne 7. Peltier 4. L. Ualrd 10.
Chick medal, fifteen birds — Reed 13. Juster
13, S?»rles 8. Jacobsen 9. Newcomb 7, Witter
6, MeClaln 0. Solinsky 5. L. Balrd 12.
Chick medal, twenty-flve-blrd shoot — Reed 21,
Juster 21, Searles 14, Jacobsen 12. Newcomb
12 Witter 7. Sollnsky 11, L. Balrd 15, Schmidt
15! Ruble 17.
Cup race, twenty-birds — Reed 18. Juster 12,
Jacobsen 14, Payne 10. Lewla 8, Bradshaw 18.
Berkeley Organization Is Sadly Handi
capped By Loss of Two of Its
Crack Shots.
EMPIRE GUX CLUB BEATS
COLLEGE CITY SHOOTERS.
Hits— Off Hall. 8; oft Wheeler, 5. Stolen
base — Bernard. Errors — Francks, Chase' (2)
Flood. Two-base hits — Cravalh, Graham, Kru
ger. Schlafly. Sacrifice hit — Froncks. First
bas* on error* — Oakland 1, Los Angeles 1. Flret
bas=e on called balls-i-Off. Graham 4. oft Hall il,
off "Wheeler 2. Left on bases — Oakland 7; Los
Angeles 5. Struck out — By Graham 2*. by
Wheeler 1.. Hit by pitcher — Devereaux (2), To
man. Bernard. Double play — Toman to Wheel
er to Flood. -Punned ball— Eag-ar. Time* of
(fame — One hour and forty minutes. Umpires —
McDonald and Perrine.
SUMMARY.
Wheeler got into the box in the
seventh, when Hall was beginning to
get his a little stronger. Wheeler had
nothing which could stop the commut
ers. In fact, they liked him better than
his fellow slabman and therefore the
runs came In just the same. Frahcks
did some great fielding and his throws
to first bape made the bleacherites howl
with delight many times. Schlafly
made the circus catch of the occasion
in the fourth Inning, when he went up
in the air and gloved Bernard's drive
with one mitt. The score:
Lob Angeles— Oakland—
AB.R. H. P.A AB.R. IT. P.A.
Toman. s2 0 1 2 f, Ganly. rf 5 2\2 1 0
Wlr. 3b-p 3 0 0 14 Frncks. s 4 1 3 2 0
FM.2b-3b 4 0 111 Krugr. cf 5 1 1 2 0
Brnrd. cf 3 0 0 2 0 Schfly, 2b 4 3 2 0 2
Crvath.rf 4 0 12 OjDevrx 3b 2 3 0 2 2
Ro«s. If.. 3 0 0 2 O'j.strb.lb 4 1 1 11 0
Ch?.lb-2b 3 0 0 10 0 Grahm. p4 1 S 0 4
. Enjrar, c. 4 0 O 2 0 Byrnes c4 0 1 2 2
Hall. p..l O 0 0 4 T.Strb, If 5 0 0 10
Spies, lb. 10020
Totals. 37 12 13 27 16
Totals. 28 0 3 24 15
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 00000000 0—0
Base hits 10 1100000— .1
Oakland 0 3 0 0 3 5 0 1 x 12
Base hits 11004511 x— 13
After that inning it was nothing
but runs for Oakland. Every man on
the team with the exception of "Bush"
Streib had a hit In his club and every
man was willing and. ready to unbottle
thfr bingle at the right time. Los An
geles was mystified by the way Gra-*
ham unwound his left. The southpaw
pot wild and erratic every once in a
while, but when men were on bases he
was there and pretty strorig. The An
gels really never had a chance to make
runs.
That was all till the fifth. Then
Ganley beat out a bunt and gave a
clever exhibition cf footwork by going
away around to third on Franck's
sacrifice.. Schlafly sent him In with a
drive to right and Devereaux again
managed to collide with a slow shoot.
Schlafly arrived on Streib's nice one to
center. When Graham responded with
one of his slashing two-base clouts to
the left garden it brought Devereaux
over the jumps.
Oakland got a start in the second in
ning of the conflict at the Eighth
street lot. Schlafly walked and Dev
ereaux collided with a shoot in the
ribs. Graham was purposely walked
by Hall, filling 'em all up. Byrnes also
partook of Hall's generosity, forcing
Schlafly In. "Bush" Streib soused one
to Toman. Jimmy winged the ball to
Flood, who dropped It, letting the red
one come home. Ganley brought in the
third tally with a bingle over Wheeler's
h^ad. v
In both games the Oakland pitchers
had concealed on their persons an as
sortment as varied as it was bewilder
ing. Schmidt acted as he was wont to
do In Brooklyn . while the morning
struggle was waged. Graham was the
big chief in the afternoon and on both
occasions the fielders handled prac
tically everything that happened to roll
on the diamond.
It was all the result of the wallop —
the solid wallop that never fails to
bring runs over the plate. Three pit ti
ers were made to suffer— the wondrous
and ponderous Doc Newton, "Rusty"
Hall and "Flop" Wheeler. It was a
day of beatings — one of the best of the
year. ' .
Los Angeles is a champion baseball
team ; also a fall team. As a reward
for eighteen rounds of toil yesterday
the best the Angels got was a bunch of
round boys. In the meantime Peter
was spurring his iads on to make a
few runs. They did make a few—twen
ty in all — establishing a record for this
season on the Pacific Coast. Scores:
Morning game— Oakland 8, Los Angeles
0. Afternoon game— Oakland 12, Los
Angeles 0.
Final round Grand National Championship
Stakes — Gecrge Nethercott's Barge (Sylvanus-
Freda C) beat George Nethercotf* Pocatelli
<Emin Pasha-Little Wonder). 9-3. 3-1, 4-0.
Open etake— Sacramento Boy beat Kocklin
Boy. 7-4; Gea Lion beat Royal Spirit. 4-3; Rec
tor beat Hudson. 5-2; Rural Artist beat Ag'ta
tor. «-4: Dorothy M beat Rusty Ax «-0; Real
Pasha beat Terra Cotta, 8-4; Palo Alto beat
Mlt»s Lucille. 6-2; The Referee beat Gambit,
3-2; McVey beat Silver Tips, 0-G; Lost Chord
beat Ruby Pankey, 4-3; Pasha Pleasant beat
Charter Member, 5-4; Raby Aurora beat Merry
Go Round. C-3; Mickey Free beat Ploughman
3-2; Rapid Water beat Our Motto 3-0; Papli
accl beat Golden Fortune, 10-8; Friendless Boy
teat Thelraa. ..*-l; Aeolus beat Texas Mamie,
7-0; Fontenoy beat Rich Array. 2-1: Ragtime
be^t T^xas Jill. 7-5; Rubber Ankles beat Old
IronVldes. 0-0;.Tralee Boy beat Master Rocket
3-1; Hlph Born beat Medley. 4-0; Haphazard
beat Foxhunter. 3-2; Amandan beat Vandal.
7-0; Tralee Lass beat Yankee Boy. 7-0; Rose
of Gold beat Concord Tralee, 4-2; Beluga beat
Cubanola. 4-1; Richard Anton beat Renegade
Apache, 7-1: Lord Brazen beat Red Rock,
5-0; Rocker Arm beat Melllnwood, 12-1; Texas
Hoo Hoo beat Fair Glen, 3-2; Fair Tralee beat
Racing Auto, «-2.
Second round — Sacramento Boy teat Sea Lion
0-7; Rector beat Rural Artist, 4-2; Real Pasha
beat Dorothy M, 5-0; Palo Alto beat The Ref
eree, 5-3; McVey beat Lost Chord. 4-0; Raby
Aurora beat Pasha Pleasant. 6-0; Mickey Free
beat Rapid Water, 5-0; Friendless Boy beat
Pagllaccl. 7-2; Fontenoy beat Aeolus, 8-6; Rub
ber Ankles beat Ragtime. 5-0; High Born beat
Tralee Boy. 5-8: Haphazard beat Amandan,
tt-5; Roee of Gold beat Tralee La*s. 4-O; Rich
ard Anton beat Beluga, 7-1; Lord Brazen beat
Rocker Arm, 6-1; Fair Tralee beat Texas Hoo
Hoo, S-4.
Third round — Sacramento Boy beat Rector,
2-0; Palo Alto »>eat Real Pasha, 3-2; McVey
beat Mickey Free. 0-6; Friendless Boy beat
Raby Aurora. 6-5: Rubber Ankles beat Fonte
roy. 4-2; High Born beat Haphazard '8-1:
Richard Anton beat Rose of Gold 5-3; Fair
Tralee bent Lord Brazen. 4-2.
Fourth round — Palo Alto beat Sacramento
Boy. 4-3; McVey beat Friendless Boy. 7-5:
Rubber Anliles beat High Born, 0-0; Richard
Anton beat Fair Tralee. 5-2.
Fifth round — Palo Alto beat McVey. 3-2;
Richard Anton beat Rubber Ankles. 7-3.
Deciding course — Palo Alto beat Richard An
ton 0-5. /
George Nethercott's Barge, pro
nounced the finest looking greyhound
in all America, surprised the followers
of coursing at Union Park yesterday
by defeating his kennel mate Pocatelli
in three straight courses.
The up-country greyhounds were the
survivors of the best available eight
hounds which have been competing for
some weeks in the Grand Nation"*.!
Champion stakes. The trials were
short yesterday, the longest being for
ty-nine seconds and the others eleven
and fifteen, respectively. Barge Jed by
a slight margin each time, Pocatelli
failing to show the electrifying .burst
of speed for which he was famous a
year ago.
Eugene Geary's champion Palo Alto,
the hero of many sensational trials,
won the open stake from a "classy"
field. He met Richard Anton in the
deciding course and won by the close
score of 6 to 5. He had considerable
good fortune during the day, being led
to the hare bv. J. Dennis' The Referee
in the second round. He also had a
close race with McVev in the semi
final round, the score in Palo Alto's
favor benig 3 to 2. The day's results-,
with Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores,
follow:
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. j W. L. Pet.
Tacoma 31 21 .0S>»> Seattle 27 23 .540
Oakland 81 22 .583 San Fran 22 80 .423
Los Angeles. 30 25 .04jportland ....14 34 .202
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Boaier. Balls. Mdn.». Runs. Wkts.
Crol! K>4 3 ;J2 5
Foitmann IS 1 8 0
Ward Jr »6 3 •?: 2
McCuMorh IS <> 8 «
Foster 3fJ 2 0 2
Total 73
Runs at the fall of each wicket: One for 12.
two fcr 12. three for 88, four for 42, five for
4(J. six for 4i». eeven for 5S, eight for 3S>. nine
for W. ten for 78.
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
J. Myers, run out 3
A. W. Wilulng. c. Carroll, b. -Crcll 4
W. Petherick, c. and b. Croll IS
>«. Logan, c. McNaughion, b. Croll J)
II. D. Bowly. not out 20
O. N. Taylor, b. Ward Jr .'. 1
E. H. 11. Lannowe. b. Crcll 0
K. Reed. 1. Foster 3
J. J. TheobaM. c. Stun], b. Foster 0
H. N. £torrs>. c. Fosier. b. Ward Jl 2
H. C. Casidy. c. McNaughtcn b Crol! 3
i<i« 1
Bowler — Balls Maidens. Runs. Wickets.
Taylor 120 b 2\> G
Casidy OC 3 16 0
Bowly 7'J 1 23 3
Lannowe ....:»« 4 7 O
Petherick ... 30 1 » 1
Stcrr? 24 1 7 O
Casidy and Potherick bowled one wide ball
each.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING
Total 104
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for
24, two lor Ii". three for 37, four for CO, five
for So, six for UH, seven for 100. eight for
103. nine for 103. ten fur 104.
F. Ftahl, c. Myers, b. Taylor 31
W. H. llcNauphton c. Wilding, b Bowly. It
J. Foster, c. Wilding, b. Petherick IS
F. J. ("roll. c. Bowly, b. Taylor I 0
O. I. Baugh. c. Petherick, b. Taylor 14
C. H. Ward. b. Taylor 13
G. Carroll, c. Taylor, b. Bowly 7
¦U\ Mc^ulloch, net out 4
F. J. Bennion. b. Taylor 1
W. G. Forunann. b. Taylor 0
J. Brown, b. Bowly «»
Byes leg bye 3. wilds 2 7
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
. The Alameda cricket team Seat the
Pacific eleven on the Alameda ground
yesterday by twenty-six runs. The
Alameda men went to the wickets
first, but Dr. Taylor and H. Bowly
were in good form with the ball and
the whole team was out for 104 runs,
to which total Stahl (31), Foster (IS),
Baugh (14) and Harold Ward (13)
were the chief contributors. Dr. Tay
lor took six wickets for twenty- nine
runs and H. Bowly captured three
for the same number of runs. Against
this moderate total the Pacific team
were able to make only seventy-eight
run3, the chief contributors being
Bowly (29 not out) and Petherick
(16). The full details follow:
The first set of the final match was
the longest of the day and was the
only one Gabriel won in the match. In
the second set Gabriel faced a lead of
4-0 and pulled up to 4-4. but a mistake
by the server in calling the score 4-2
instead of 4-3 probably cost Gabriel the
set. Adams played a clever game in
ail of his matches and his victory was
a popular one. Drolla, the cup holder.
was badly beaten by Gabriel in the •
first round.
In the fourth class Dr. LoveRrove
was the surprise c-f the day. By win
ning two matches and both in straight
sets the Doctor obtained a place in the
semi-finals. His peculiar service,
which he has been practicing dally, -
was a puzzle to his opponents and un
doubtedly was the means of his win
ning. Lovegrove had a close call in his :
match with Josephs, but won two sets
both of which were long and close.
As was expected Guerln. the winner
of the last tournament, had little dif
ficulty in reaching the finals.
The tournament by rc-unds follows:
Third class: First round — H. Gabriel b»>at
R. Drolla «-*> 6-2; Sayre beat Ryan, C-2, «-'-;'
Adams beat Brady, »-«. 7-3; Lemon beat J. M.
Baker, 6-3 C-4. Second round — Gabriel boat-
Sayre, 6-0." «-l; Adams beat Lemon, 6-2. 6-^.
Finals — Adams beat Gabriel. 10-12. 6-3. 6-4.
6-3. ' -
Fourth class: Preliminary round — Guerln
beat H Miller. 6-3 C-2; S. Marvin beat Llule
by default; Allan beat Howell. 4-6. «-2. 6-4;
C. E. Allan beat M. Edwards. «-O. «-O; J. Da
vis beat F. Glynn by default; W. Howell beat F.
Wolfson by default: Wilgus beat Martin by de
fault: M. Long beat Gunst. 6-4. 6-3. First |
round— G. Hall beat Price. 6-0. 6-1: O. Saul
beat Quick by default: Guerln beat Marvin, by ¦
default: E. Allan beat C. Allan by default;
Davis beat Howell. 6-4, R-4; Lons beat Wilifua, -.
0-2. 6-1; Josephs beat Kerns. 6-4. 2-«. 6.1; Dr.
Lovesrove beat H. Help, 6-0. «-0. Second
round— Hall beat Saul. 6-0, 6-1; Guerln beat
Allan. 6-2. 6-1: Lens beat Davis, 6-1. 6-1;
Lovesrove beat Josephs. 10-S; 8-«. Semi-finals
— Guenn beat Hall. tt-1. 0-6. 6-4; Dr. Love
grove vs. Long.
Outside of the final3 by far ths best
match in the third class was that be
tween Jules F. Brady and Fred Adams
in the first round. Adams won both
sets but they were extremely long and
close. Brady played a clever game and
made the class winner play his beat to
beat him.
The third and fourth class players of
the Golden Gate Tennis Club struggled
for the class cups yesterday on the
public courts. . The third clasa was
finished and resulted in a victory for
Fred Adams, who defeated Harold Ga
briel after a hard struggle in the finals.
The fourth class was tinlsned du-wn to
the finals in one half and the semi
finals in the other.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition: Rifle scores, r«?-rntry match — H.
P. Nelson. 203, 203; silver medal. H. P. Nelson
203. Revolver re-entry match— F. V. Klnffton,
s:>. 81. 81. Military revolver, re-entry—Will
iam Proll. 89, 80. 85, 83. Pistol — Bronze
medal— J. Kullmann, SS. 84: E. C. Cardell 70.
Re-intry match— F. V. Kinjtton 71.
Practice shoot. Norddeutscher Phootins Club
— John Wotbcke 327 rlncs; nrst beat shot.
Louis Brune 24; best last *hot. H. Munster 23.
-Monthly medal «hoot — Champion class,
Charles Oldag 411; first class. J. A. Mohr 301;
second class. Henry Schulz 322: third clasa. D.
Tamke 310; fourth class, H. Klcolal 822. Best
lact shot. J. A. Mohr 24.
Company prize shoot — Otto von Bomel 66
rinnn. Captain Charles Oldag 64, John D.
Felderman 63; Herman Schuldt 6.1.
Redmens' Shooting Company, monthly bulls
eye shoot— Captain Charles Oldag: 173. William
Dressier 016. J. A. Mchr 032. John D Felder
mann 1001, Henry Schuls 14!*3
The most Important part of the day's
proceedings was the forty-fifth anni
versary outing of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein.
On Wednesday the San Francisco
Schutzen Verein will hold its most im
portant event of the year, when the
members will take part in the eagle
shoot. The scores:
The Golden Gate Rifie and Pistol Club
held its monthly competitive meeting
and the Norddeutscher Schuetzen Com
pany held a practice shoot.
The target ranges at Shell Mound
Park were not busjly engaged yester
day, for the reason that the San Fran
cisco Schuetzen Verein held its^innual
family outing and devoted most of the
day to providing entertainment for its
guests.
The Red Men's shooting company
held a prize contest for members, to
gether with a medal and" bullseye
shoot.
Mr.- Macdonough's' offer, finally pre
vailed, and the horse was said to have
cost him $150,000 landed at Menlo Park.
Ormonde reached this country by a cir
cuitous route. It was necessary in or
der to get him suitable accommoda
tions to send him first to England,
thence to New York and thence to this
city. He traveled in the most luxu
riously furnished apartments, and at
every stopping place crowds turned out
to pay homage to the famous horse.
It was t>artly on this account that
the Duke of Westminster sold him to
Senor Jose Bocav of Buenos Ayres,
for $70,000, and all England mourned
for their favorite, which was sent to
the Argentine Republic. The strug
gles of Ormonde, Minting and Bendi
go had provided some of the greatest
sensations in English turf 'history. A
syndicate of English' sportsmen made
a bid of $100,000 for Ormonde and-
Charles Reed, the famous Tennessee
turfman, raised this to $135,000.
Ormonde, the horse of the century,
owned by "William O'Brien Macdon
ough, died on Saturday at the lat
ter's establishment at Menlo Park.
The great horse, which was the idol
of the British public for years, seemed
in robust health up to a. recent date,
when signs of paralysis appeared. This
finally carried him off.
When Mrs. Langtry was In thl3
State some months since she made a
pilgrimage to the home of the turf
celebrity. At that time Ormonde was
as spry as a four-year-old^
Alter leaving England Ormonde was
a , disappointment in the stud. He
leaves out few sons and daughters in
this country to perpetuate his mem
ory. Beau Ormonde, owned in this
State and now racing in Chicago, is
one of the best of his sons. ]yir. Mac
donough leased the breeding qualities
of Ormonde for a time to James Ben
Ail Haggin, master of Rancho del
Paso, Sacramento, but this turfman's
clever grooms were no more success
ful with Ormonde than were his other
attendants -and no foals were secured.
Ormonde's early days in the stud
were crowned with success. Among
others he begot the sensational Orme
which sired Flying Fc-x. The latter
was Bold to the Russian Government
at a record price.
Ormonde was a bay horse and stood
16:1 hands in height. The late Fred
Archer rode him in his principal races.
Ormonde was bred by the Duke of
Westminster and was foaled in 1883.
making him 21 years old. He was by
Ben d'Or, out of Lily Agnes, she' by
Marcaroni. He won the "triple crown"
in his three-year-old form, these races
including the Thousand Guineas, the
Derby and the St. Leger. His total
windings on the turf were $145,000. W.
O.B. Macdonough opened negotiations
for the great horse in November. 1892.
but did not finally secure him until
September of the following year. Or
monde reaching this city on September
4, 1893. Ormonde became touched in
the wind in England and it was
thought removal to a warmer clime
would alleviate this trouble.
Po.«!c» 107 Happy Ho"l!gan 00. Matt . 'Wad
l»Ipli 90. Tcllraantown 88, Prince Hoa<:i«y 103,
Alesotts 03.
TWra mce, four «nd * htlf furlor.r«, two
<"CT-bid f511!e»— All ni«rk If:.". Violin 105. Lndy
Mercurj* J"& T>eihabl!le ' 100, Au Revoir 1C3.
A La«y I(». Herrain lftS.
Fourth race, rix furlong* three-year-oldi
¦ r.d ttji— Elastic 124, Dolly O ray 109. Maggie
Felix 111. Operator 11C Dr. Stephen* 103.
Ftfth race, mile, three-year-olds and tip,
»ellln* — Hewile McCarthy 10», Never5iicli 102,
Harv-rfter 104. Flora Bright 0".
Klxth race. m!> and a sixteenth, three-year
oia» and up. sclilnc — Murmur 07. Nath Wood
rr*k f*0. Judge Car.trlll ftO, Blrdwood 104. MIm
TZon 97. Edranlo 90. Hucena 101, Getchel 87,
TrJo 1(»4. Blocker 103. Khaki 1C2.
Tl'taUier clear; track tmmu
msideat nclMni— P«fldy Fr«>:rhn 115. fan
Feilciu ICO, Francolx M, Valiant 101. Dr.
Ottta 101. A iM6y Fair 1M. The Drorpist 8S.
Settle Grel« »5. Om»h J 05, fiylvan JJclie 103
Alrelh* 101. \\okeful 106.
fie^'nd r»~«v five and a half furlonjrs. three
*••."-¦:.:- and up. ec!!Sng — Sharp ElnJ 113,
<">n4.nn*-tta 1CT. Hook Se Oka 100. .Sweet Char
ity 1CS Major Carpenter 00, Tom Kiley 03.
ST. LOUIS. May 22. — The entries.
for th* races at Delrnar track to-mor
row are:
" First race, tour furlongs, two_year-old
JiKLMAR TRACK ENTRIES.
first ruct" — Niskaynna. Dapple Gold,
I lag Officer.
bTond race — Pink Garter, Khora
san. Sportsman.
Thiri race — Oriskany, Ijady 3IIrlh«
rnl, BmCaO.
Poortb rac<*^I)aroon, Hurst Park,
I*i\ f'nsta.
: 4'ifih race — Falmfnate, Mauilian.
<<«'; P.obin
" • c i\th raro — Hermis, irarstbourne,
I»i!U( of Kcndnll.
By the Mnrnlni- Telegraph
.MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
rar*-. ¦Wither* mile — Red Knight 111,
r-Trcie UHt. Hurvtbourne 10G. Athel 100. Duke
¦ K<*:<lal lW:. Buttons 103. (Hermls, Duke of
:-r:dal and Duttow. Thema* entry.)
T«;?.ih»r clear; track fart.
Kcur»h rtt.'*. seven furlongs of Witllere mile.
*«r. <"ourtl«B«3t handicap — Hurst Park 1C-I,
:*:,zziiiig i.if.'. Hur«tx-urr.r 130. Lux 'af.a 117,
'Z S.T.Z Hrnrv itM. Oreless 107. Damon 102.
!">ivin&ti-n V~. Jllyrla D8. Tom Od h". <Hur«
lv»k and Daixlinr. Oorbctt entry. Illyrla and
; m Opd. Daly ontry.)
•Klfth race, al>out two m!le?, eteep!etha».
•••' :::ri— Cock H'jfcln Kw, Howard Gratz 155.
T^;' Hidler 1«*. Oiikrrei-t 1^4. Fulminate 155,
I..*ck Orath 14S. Tt3p irw. Manllian 155, Roy
allrt 134.
• -Thinl race. Eclif** course . selling— Baikal
K.7, L,Schtrh:p K^. Widow's Mite 103, Thistle
iirathor Ml. Apolllnaris M. Lady Mirthful 03.
Tol Kan !•". Meiniih!* 1 ST. Champlaln 08, Dap
j-le On.ld *». Orlriany 101. E!olm 09, Vagary
'.*'. tJar.anogue Mi.
Second r*<?e, fosr anj a half furlor.F*,
T^ciitMie course. two-ycar-old», selling — Pink
Outer 1 (| U. Fi!lgr«-e J<>7. Cuckoo Iu3. Jack Mf
l?<*rn 101. Fiat 9!». Fr»<:)rt»man 95). Laura i>S,
?slt and Pepper 90, Khurasan- 0«, Faver-
First race. s=even furlongs, maiden «elllng —
fiiverfoot Jts, Flag Offlcir ««. Cfitallne «5,
t)ajrple Gold 'Jj. Bolina 103, Khlf^hape fcS, Nl»
kayuna ••-.
NEW YORK. May 22.— E. R. Thom
as is apparently going to give Hermis
considerable of his work in actual
competition. The big: horse is in the
laPt race to-morrow and has only 109
pounds to carry. The entries are:
MOnUIS PARK EXTR1KS.
The meeting at Petaluma has been
such a pronounced success that Harry
Stover has made application to the Pa
cific Jockey Club for an extension of
his racing dates. With the service of
tfie Sausalito poolrooms in an uncer
tain condition, turfgoers have been
locking to Kenilwonh Park. Manager
Stover thinks he could play to another
week with good pecuniary results.
Five bookmakers laid odds last Sat
urday end had r.o complaint to make
of the betting. George Ro.se quitting
the biggest winner. The odds have been
fully as good as were offered at Oak
land and the horses have run remark
ably true to form.
This only serves to illustrate the fact
that thoroughbreds are consistent if
given the opportunity, for fashinable
Jockeys at Petaluma were conspicuous
by their absence. The entries for to
day are:
First race, five furlor.*r*. maiden thrw-year
oVifc — StaxtRM MB Oejrrle lilack 105, Joeila
110. f=ir Apploby 122. Pachuca 11". L'.zzie Ward
110 <.Y:n!»tanza 112, Fr!voloui> UW. Targcite 112,
Meyriar/I 112. Brown Pat5y 110. ReiJ Bird 117.
St?cond rac>». s'.x furlong*, throe-year-olds and
up. filing — Hremus lutl. K«*o«rh 91. Anlrad irs. i
Ntlt Holton 102 Tom Kinptley 1U> Breton Iu7,
•';-. ;t!in Girl DS. Kr. Birdcall PI, Frank Pearce
• it'.'. JJv.apala 90. Eva 1) a:t.
Th'rd race, five furionp*. thr^e-ycar-old? and
np. s. Uinit— rtsigriarok II 122 L'Rht Braid 12<>
luO. Juan Bellardo 11!». Mary Dunn 100.
Ma-Jje Browne 100. Decimo 114. Tom Fox 114,
r TeTiRon Hit. Pfrian-e 112. Ooniolus 114.
•POurth race, on* mile. sthree-y«-ar-olde and
• u}.. «»c-l!inp — Duke Rlch^ieu *V*. Vasalla HIS.
. K.ourish 113. Young: Mcrello HKJ, Assessment
UN Florianna Bt-ll fcl lnvietu* ll>:i So'inus
IOS. Lady Kent ICC, Pencil Me 103. MifS Vera
'•A. Ttie Ooeaarlor Wt
• Fifth race. Fix furlongs, thre«->"ear-ol(J? and
uj>. seHins — Our Pride 1<*.i. Northwert HO, Caza
•Hr-r HT.. Ree Il*ev.iiter litt. t?t«-;> Aniund lc.%,
Nrllie 3a wn IDS. Xiinon 1C4. Ji hn Bosbs 104. I
Er-jcyment 104 Sir Preston IOC. L^ash 104. AI
iKms* 111.
«• Sixth rao«>, one naile, threr-year-oMs and up,
puree — CanUe 101. J. II. Bennett 1C4. Judge
VoorhiPs 107. Cailiello 101. All About 1OS,
Reola II M Kyl> II St. Kctrara 107. Red Tip
lOti, ECervesrerce M. Chlieno 1CS.
XOTKS OF TirE TRACK.
\Villi» See. who won the California Dwbr
with Bombardier. hat> retired from the saddle.
The rlcnpated rider recently lost a. brother by
d'f.th :n Southern ralifornia. and as It was nn I
effort for h!m to ktey down to riding weight
r«» has concluded to become a walnut rancher.
G. Bullman. a younger brother of Jchn Bull
rV.ftn. Kt the maiden clase at the Pet^luma
•meeting and now has three wlnnir.g mount*- to
?V creJlt. On Saturday last he landed Mimo
r.!*t by a head, carrying out his Instructions to
th* letter.
Bookmaker Georjre Ruse, who if extensively
interested in the Aser.t Park track. Los An
g.e\ef. istates that overturtt have b^fn made to
-•lartin Nathanson cf Chicago to accept the po
fitlon of racine "ecrerary and aF!«ociate Judge
next t»aFon.
The Rof» S/rllinr Fttkcs ¦n'ill be among th«
r«-w features at the southern meeting the corn
ing winter.
Ei I.i' -c i-i r-a* much eiatrd ov^t th» cap
ture of the Ga'.ety Slakc-s at Morri? Park last |
Friday by the fleet two-ytar-old Czaraphlne. i
¦ The local politician *s the ewner of the filly's i
e:re, Rubicon, and the handfome btg ihestnut
i* lirmill llfpfT**^T des=tlned to ptrpetuete his
fame in the Ftud. «'xa~:rhine defeated a clever
fl«-ld ."k'.^.mir.g <">ff f'">ur ar.d a hell furlongs In
:52 4-5. Ehe i» owned by gidney Paget.
Attaches of the Ranch Are
All Lamenting and a Mon
ument Will Be Erected
Dr. Lovegrove Furnishes the
Surprise of Day, Puzzling
Opponents With Odd Serve
Eugene Geary's Veteran of
the Field Shows His Old
Time Speed and Gameness
In Two Games They Land on
Newton and Hall for a
Total of Twenty Tallies
Stahl Plays Best Innings for
Winners and Bowly Makes
Highest Score for Losers
Members of San Francisco
Schuetzen V.erein Enjoy a
Pleasant Day's Outing
(I'ood Cards Are Offered and
Odds Prove as Liberal as
Those Posted at Oakland
TWO EVENTS UNDECIDED
LARGE CROWD AT PICNIC
TAYLOR BOWLS WELL
OAKLANDB SCORE OFTEN
PALO ALTO A WINNER
PASSES AWAY SATURDAY
BOOKMAKERS SATISFIED
Regular Cricket Game Ends
ill a Victory for Eleven
Captained by Harold Ward
Famous English Stallion
.Which Cost Owner Fortune
Succumbs to Old Age
Defeats 'Fast Pocatelli in
Straight Courses in the
Rich Champion Number
Graham and Schmidt Toss
Up Twisters That Batters
From South Cannot Wallop
Redmen, Golden Gate and
Norddeutscher Marksmen
at SheU Mound Park
lVtaluina Races Have Been
So Successful Manager
\sks for One More AVeek
Adams Wins Tennis Honors
in Third Class by Defeat
ing H. Gabriel in Finals
ORMONDE DIES
AT MENLO PARK
TRIO OF CLUBS
AT THE RANGES
ANGELS SUFFER
TWO SHUTOUTS
BARGE SCORES
STAKE HONORS
PARK PLAYERS
OUT FOR CUPS
ALAMEDA TEAM
BEATS PACIFIC
STOVER WOULD
EXTEND MEET
ORMONDE, THE FAMOUS HORSE OF THE CENTURY, IS DEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. MAY 23. 1005.
SEATTLE, May 22.— Fitzgerald had
the Seattle team at his mercy to-day,
and at no time were the locals In
danger of scoring, except in .the sixth.
Overall had the Siuashes on his
staff up to the ninth inning. With
two men out and one on bases. Blank
enship knocked a pop fly over -the
fence for a home run, saving, the
Tigers Win Both Games.
DFXiMAR SELECTIONS.
. First race — A Lady Fair, The
ITrujjgrfst. Franco.
Sfteond race — Sweet Charity, Sharp
RJrd. Ponca.
Third race — Violin, A -Jjady, Iler
salh-
. Fonrth race — Operator, Elastic
Maggie Felix.
• Fifth race — Neversuch, Bessie 3Ic-
Carthy, Harvester.
- -Sixth race— Getchel. Trio, Ilncena.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
(By the Chicago inter Ocean.)
First race — Fallona, Raviana, Isa
bella.
Second race — Sweet Tone, Falk
land, Schoolmate.
Third race— Bad News, • Huzzah,
Jerry Lynch.
F6urth race — Burlcigh, Xew Mown
Ilay, Precious Stone.
Fifth race — Haviland, Cornwall, I
Xlaxus. • ' . I
Sixth race — LuzurJon, King's . Tro
phy, K. L. Johnston. • J
., HAWT11ORXE ENTRIES.
* CHICAGO, May 22.— The entries for
Chicago 3 0 4
New York .......... . ......1 2 2
¦ Batteries— Brown . and Kilns: • Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpires — Johnstone and Emslle.
ST. LOUIS, May 22.— St. Louis took thn
third successive game from Brooklyn this aft
ernoon. A feature was the pitching context
between Corbett and Cronln. In the eighth
inning St. Lout* secured three hits oft Cronln,
which, with a passed ball, save the locals two
runs. Attendance 18,uu>. Score:
R. H; E.
St. Louis " 3 7 I
Brooklyn 0 5 1
. Batteries — C/>rbett and Byers; Cronln and
Bergen. Umpire— Moran.
CINCINNATI. May 22.— Every run scored
to-day was »>iistfd across the plate by one. or
more error*. Kellum pitched a better game
than Fraser. the latter receiving the better
support. Attendance. 12,000. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 8 . 4
Philadelphia ' S 6 2
Batteries — Kellum' and Peltz; Fraser and
Roth. Umpire — Zlmmer,
CHICAGO, May 22.— Chlcaeo defeated New
York to-day before a crowd numbering dose
tr> 28.000 perrons. All the runs were made In
the ;. fourth inning. Chicago scoring three* on
two sincles, a triple, and an error, and the
.visitors one on a fielder's chance" and errora
by Kllng and Wicker. Brown pitched a heady
game, holding his opponents down to two sin
gles, and with the right kind of support he
would have scored a shutout. Score:
R. H. E.
Twenty-Six Thousand Fans Witness
Downfall of New York Giants on
the Chicago Diamond.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
11
ADTTEBTISOIENTS*
I Union=Southern i^^S
jSj T Ol|«* Travel in Peace. P|| 17^ Bjgi
ftp Ready to Enjoy Every Minute. *§S»I k H Sal
| Through Pullman Cars S J Bj
g S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. U. P. R. R. Jj ||] P»
*H DIRECT LINE- g
aY3 «,iBW OSPEM. UWIOM PACIFIC ' .OMAHA. * t lffl
\|| ft<££^~""~" \ SALT lake TCHEYENNE V CHICAGO g|Daniel Adams of 625 Third street
was arrested late last night. by Patrol
men P. F. Flood and H. W. Crowley.
The two policemen were notified that
the man had threatened to kill his
wife and immediately responded to the
call. "When they arrived at the room
they heard Adams' voice through the
door, telling his wife to say her
prayers, as her last hour had come.
Threatens to Kill Wife.
John Ryan, a laborer, was arrested
about 6 o'clock yesterday morning at
Pine and Stockton streets by Police
men Dougherty and Prowse and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of petty larceny. He had stolen thirty
eight copies of a morning newspaper
belonging to Melton Peterson, a car
rier, and had them In his possession
when arrested. William Field, a boy,
13 years of age, was arrested about
the same time on Polk street by Po
liceman F. A. Mahoney for stealing a
copy of The Call. He was sent to the
Central Emergency Hospital, to be
taken before the Juvenile Court. '
Newspaper Thieves 'Caught.'
American self-acting couplers are to
be used on Bavarian railways.
Pickpockets Rob Tailor.
Jacob Cohen, who conducts a la
dies,* tailoring: establishment at 622
Laricin Rtr.at, was the. victim of bold
pickpocke.ts on a Market-street car
yesterday morning. Two men, who
Cohen swears' he can Identify, delved
into his pocket and extracted his wal
let containing $422 In currency and
coin. The daring robbery occurred
about 10 o'clock. '
Trapper's Oil cu>-ea rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
Mrs. Collins was taken . from the
water and later sent to the City and
County Hospital, as the fright and
submersion had caused considerable
shock.
"While attempting to cross on the
foot-walk over Islais Creek last eve
ning Mrs. Collins of 1719 Mission
street lost her balance and fell Into
the water. ' Frank Reardon, who was
in a boat, accompanied by his wife,
saw the woman fall and went to her
rescue. ¦''¦¦{.;
Woman Falls From Walk Into Islals
Creek and Is Sent to Hospital.
FRANK REARDOX RESCUES
MRS. COLLINS FROM DEATH.
James Cromwell, a barber, was ar
rested last night and charged with as
sault with a deadly weapon. In com
pany with several others he was act
ing in an objectionable manner on an
Eighth-street car. The motorman, E.
J. Griffin, remonstrated with him,
whereupon Cromwell pulled a pen
knife and cut Griffin on the leg.
Pulls Knife on Motorman.
William L. Wilson, night drug clerk
at 1016 Market street, went into the
saloon of P. J. Dunne at the corner
of Eddy and Market streets about 7
o'clock yesterday morning and began
using abusive language to William
Winthrop Jr., the bartender. Wilson
pulled a revolver out of his pocket,
pointed it at Winthrop and threatened
to kill him. Winthrop ran down the
stairs leading to the basement, escaped
Into Eddy street and told Policemen
Carr and Hutchings what had oc
cured. They went to the saloon and
arrested Wilson, who was taken to the
City' Prison and was charged with
threats against life and carrying a con
cealed weapon. When searched a pair
of steel knuckles was found In his
pockets. He must answer for carry-
Ing them. He threatened to have the
whole police force dismissed and be
came so obstreperous that he had to
be put in the dark cell. He was evi
dently bordering on mania.
William L. Wilson Flourishes a Re
volver In a Saloon and Is Arrested
on Three Charges.
Baggage transferred to and from 'all trains,
steamer*, etc., at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip 60 cents. Morton
Special Delivery, 808 Taylor, C5O Market, Oak
lard Ferrv Denot. Phone Exchange 46. •
. Notice to Passengers.
DRUG CLERK THREATENS
TO SHOOT BARTENDER
Four men held up and brutally beat
Chris Orffsan and William O'Connor
last night on Beale street, near How
ard. The thugs secured a watch from
Orffsan.
O'Connor and Orffsan were walking
along Beale street. When they reached
a dark spot near Howard street they
were set upon by four men, who were
ar/ned with clubs, and frightfully
beaten. Orffsan's nose " was almost
severed and had to be sewed on at
Harbor Hospital. The cries of the two
men brought Special Officer Beatty to
scene, but the thugs made good their
escape.
Orffsan resides at 240 East street
and O'Connor lives at the City Hotel
on Howard street.
Chris Orffsan and William O'Connor
- Badly Beaten by Thieves on
Bealc Street.
Mrs. Bridget Daniels committed sui
cide yesterday by taking a dose of
carbolic acid. She was employed as
housekeeper for Police Officer Peter
Whalen, who resides at 2932 Pine
street. Mrs. Daniels' daughter, Ethel
Daniels, who resides at ' 1425V& Mis
sion street, says. that her mother had
been despondent for the last year. The
dead woman was 65 years of age and
a native of Ireland. Besides her
daughter she. leaves a son, who lives
at 124 Sixth street.
Ends Life With Carbolic Acid.
TWO MEX HELD UP
AXD ROBBED BY THUGS
For visitors to the World's Fair to see
the East. Reduced rates to New York
and other Eastern cities are now in ef
fect, via the Pennsylvania Lines, through
either Chicago or St. Louis. Tickets to
New York and Philadelphia are good via
.Washington, allowing ten days at the
national capital. Stop-overs are also al
lowed at Baltimore and Philadelphia.
For particulars, ask E. M. Pomeroy, P.
C. A.. 621 Market street, San Francisco,
Cal. •
An Excellent Opportunity
The question as to how L'Humanile
of Paris became possessed of the note
of protest addressed to the other
powers, which varied from that sent
to the French Government, is daily be
coming more interesting.
ROME, May 22. — Vatican authorities
continue' to be agitated over the con
flict with the French Government
growing out of the protest against
President's Loubefs visit to Rome and
the recall of M. Nizard. the French
Embassador to the -Vatican.
The Pope said mass this morning: In
the presence of sixty-four Italians and
foreigners, and gave up the rest of
the day to the consideration of the dif
ficulties with France, reading clippings
from the newspapers on the subject.
The Vatican hopes that M. Nizard
will soon return to Rome, being Influ
enced by the fact that his family is
still here.
. "Up to the present the Nuncio has
received no orders to take his leave,
although the state of his health might
make it desirable. As Rome has no
taste for replying to provocations,, but
Is conscious of her rights and duties,
Monslgnor Lorenzelli does not regard
the eventuality of his leave as proxi
mate."
The tone of the socialist papers in
dicates that that powerful element has
urged the Government to take more
extreme measures.
Th» more moderate elements appear
to be satisfied with the course of the
Government,, while the reactionary
clerical papers express regret.
Little is heard directly of the senti
ments of the clergy, who are practically
muzzled by their official positions under
the concordat.
The Embassador is expected to arrive
here to-morrow morning, when he will
confer with Foreign Minister Delcasae
and go over the details of the rup
ture between France and the Vatican,
preliminary to the meeting of the
Council of Ministers on Tuesday, when
a further line of action will be deter
mined upon.
Contrary to general expectation Mon
signor Lorenzelli, the Papal Nuncio at
Paris, will not leave his post. The
Nunciature has given out the follow
ing statement:
PARIS. May 23.— The Ministry of the
Interior authorizes a denial of the
statement that M. de Navenne, first
secretary of the French embassy to the
Vatican, will act as Charge d'Affalres
at the embassy, stating: that the Gov
ernment considers that his selection
would attenuate the Importance of the
action taken in the recall of Embassa
dor Nizard.
Vatican Is Not Influenced
by Action of France in
Recalling Her Embassador
PAPAL NUNCIO
STILL IN PARIS
Mrs. Victoria' Alice Murphy Stan
leigh, who attempted suicide by in
haling illuminating gas from a tube
at 706 Vallejo street last Thursday,
died at the Central Emergency Hos-.
pital yesterday morning. Illness and
despondency prompted the deed. Mrs.
Stanleigh claimed she was the daugh
ter of Captain Francis J. Murphy of
the Royal Fusiliers and spoke during
her lifetime of a fortune that was due
her from Australia. She came to this
city from Los Angeles, last December,
and since lived on charity. She claims
that her husband, Stanleigh, was a
physician and died in Montreal about
eight years ago. Her strange reti
cence regarding names and events in
her past caused the Associated Char
ities to abandon interest in her.
Succeeds In Ending Life.
"The Silver Moon" is one of the
brightest comedy sketches produced at
the Orpheum in many moons. It intro
duces four people — Charles H. Burke,
Grace La Rue and two colored lads —
and it is their individual and collective
work that makes the piece so radiant.
Mr. Burke is a laughmaker despite
himself, Miss La Rue is both pretty
and clever and the Afro-American ju
veniles act .as well as sing and "rag."
The first-nighters would not let the
quartet depart ."until . the Caucasian
adult delivered a neat speech of appre
ciation. "
The Colby family repeat the big hit
they made on the same stage last sea
son, "their pew songs and instrumental
selections being every whit as enter
taining as their discarded stuff. Al
Lawrence is a young man of rare vocal
versatility, whose songs, stories, imita
tions and ventriloquisms consume twen
ty minutes of unflagging interest. Al
fons, a trapeze equilibrist, enlivens a
threadbare act with new and daring
features. Belle Gordon punches a bag
in divers ways and with unfemlnine
vigor. The motion pictures are scenes
from the career of Christopher Colum
bus.
Marcel's art studies are the stellar
feature of the holdovers, and the plaud
its that follow each picture are thun
derous and spontaneous. Mr. Deland
and his four merry maidens continue
in their musical comedy sketch, and i
Hume, Ross and Lewis open the per
formance and have it over and done
with before two-thirds of the audience
are seated.
"Fedora" was on the boards at the
Grand yesterday afternoon and last
night. The audiences were well pleased.
In the part of Loris Ipanhoff, Mel
bourne MacDowell is strong and is well
supported by Ethel Fuller, who gives a
brilliant impersonation of Princess Fe
dora. Aside from the principals, how
ever, the cast is decidedly lacking in
motion. The closing scene of the play,
in which Fedora dies an excruciating
death in the arms of her husband, is
exceptionally' well enacted and might
work strongly on the feelings of an
audience were it not for the presence
of a number of giggling servants, that
change the scene from one of tragedy
to one of comedy. As a whole, however,
the play is well put on.
It was Amelia Gardiner's night at
the California. The opening of the
Morosco stock company's season pre
sented a finely finished piece of work
in Henry V. Esmond's "When We
Were Twenty-One." with credit due to
many on the but Miss Gardiner's
Phyllis was pre-eminent in depth and
charm.
And this is saying much. The com
pany is an excellent one and well bal
anced. Howard Gould's Richard Carew
is admirably conceived and done with
sympathy and strength — never over
done. But those who saw Nat Good
win in the same part missed something
of the latter's complete absorption in
the- character. George Woodward,
Frank McVickars and Harry Mestayer
furnish competent support, especially
in .the first act, where the scene with
the Imp is worth going to see. Thomas
Oberle finds little room in Hirsch for
his well-established ability, but makes
good use of what there is. Theresa
Maxwell as the Firefly triumphs over
an unsympathetic part and compels
applause. Phosa McAllister as Mrs.
Ericson fills a difficult role acceptably.
But the honors of the play belong to
Miss Gardiner. Her command of emo
tion, her natural transitions 'from sim
ple pathos to hysterical laughter and
tears and withal her unfailing sim
plicity and naturalness won her a host
of admirers and rounds of genuine ap
plause.
• In closing he quoted the condemna
tory sayings of famous men of all ages,
and ended with a strong appeal to his
congregation to shun the temptations
the theater affords.
Every available seat was filled last
night, at the Howard-street Methodist
Episcopal Church. There was a de
nunciatory sermon by Rev. A. C. Bane,
who chose for his subject, '"Should
Christians Attend the Theater?"
Stating that having once been a re
porter on one of the papers of a large
city, he knew the subject thoroughly.
He first arraigned the theater as im
moral and appealing to the passions,
as of the world, and therefore leading
away from godliness. He said that by
ridiculing the divinest passion, love, the
theater was responsible for divorces
and unfaithfulness to marriage vows.
He held that it Jests with all the seri'
ous things— with truth, with Scripture,
with life and with death; it teems
with licentiousness and .phrases of
double meaning, so that a pure woman
dare not listen even to the best plays.
He further stated that the moral men
and virtuous women of the. theater
were the very great exception, and that
the greatest playwright, Shakespeare,
was a libertine. The following ex
tracts are from his sermon:
Another evil connected with the theater Is
the over-expenditure of money In the pursuit
of pleasure and In the selection of pleasures
detrimental to health A worldly man meet-
Ing- a profesed Christian at the theater will
ridicule him and comment on his presence.
The 'heater, with its heathen origin and then,
a religious significance, has come down the
ages, becoming more and more corrupt and
demoralized. The church recognizes the evil
Influence of the stage upon life chiefly because
It plays upon the comic and tragic emotions,
making a fal&e representation of life, exag
gerating the passions of love and hate, and
Kmoothing over vice. No church member would
feel pride In having a eon or daughter keej.
company with an actor or an actress, or even
being seen in public with them. Behind the
scenes are seen lewdncss, viclousness, sin,
degradation and diabolical wickedness. An
other strong objection to the theater Is Its
connection with the saloon, and there Is no
theater In this city to-day that has nof a bar
attached. A clergyman on seeing the greatest
actor in the greatest play — Bqoth In one of
Shakespeare' 6 — remarked, "I might possibly
take my wife to see it. but never ray daugh
ter." It has been demonstrated In America
that clean plays will not go. and It is "like
fishing down In a swill barrel to" grasp a
nickel with a hole In it" to find a moral In
the modern play. Music is divine, but the
character of people who sing on the etage is
not above that of those who npeak on the
stage. The theater is retrograding and is de
clared immoral by the secular press, and
shame is cast on the Methodist church to-day
because one of Its eminent workers perished
In the Iroquols Theater fire.
It is proposed to raise these funds
(1) by contributions from members of
the Graduate Association: (2) by con
tributions from outside persons who
recognize the practical usefulness of
this system; (3) by entertainments, and
other similar means devised by the
Graduate Association.
The first of these entertainments will
be given on next Saturday evening,
May 28, at Steinway Hall, in this city.
It is a farce entitled "The Chaperon,"
for which a graduate caste, under di
rection of Mrs. Adele Belgarde Butler,
has been preparing for several months.
The graduates who will take part are
chiefly teachers in the public schools
of the bay cities, as follows: Misses
Clarkson. Levy, Grant, Harrison, Duf
flcy, MacGowan, Tessmer, Flatow,
O'Donnell, Meredith, Mary C. O'Con
nell, Berg, Hopkins, Parker, Lynch,
Irene Carroll, Haynes, Parker.
Through the kindness of Professor
Charles F. Graeber an orchestra will
render selections during the perform
ance.
WAYS AND .MEANS.
No fund of similar character offers
such certainty and quickness of realiz
ing its goals as a fund under these con
ditions. It is not a charity, but a sim
ple business procedure to help tempo
rarily those who are strong and
wealthy in undeveloped capital.
Xo graduate of the San Francisco
State Normal School has never been
without a position if she would accept
one. There are constantly more ap
plications for its graduates than the
school can supply. Consequently, with
good health, a graduate who has bor
rowed enough to carry her through the
school may begin the payment of her
indebtedness immediately upon her
graduation, and thus be furnishing the
means for another student of the same
character to gain the-same foothold.
Therefore a fund of $300 or $500 quickly
becomes a revolving fund, and in the
course of ten or fifteen years one single
fund may be relied upon to have served
in turn several students.
The loan fund ijlan is extremely prac
tical and certain in its results. No
class of scholarships or loan funds in
colleges has the same certainty and
promptness that a dollar invested will
serve its purpose. In two years from
entrance to the normal school, if the
student has the necessary ability to
graduate, it is a practical certainty
that she will be earning an independ
ent livelihood.
The schools of the State need this
type of intelligent and ambitious wo
manhood, and experience in the prep
aration of teachers is showing that the
very best material comes from the
class of young women who have been
obliged to struggle for their education
and opportunities in life. It is to ex
tend at a critical moment a helping
hand to this class of eager self-helpers
that the Gradu.-te Association has de
cided to exert its energies.
The Graduate Association of the San
Francisco State Normal School has un
dertaken to establish loan funds for
the assistance of students without the
necessary means for their support dur
ing attendance at the normal school.
There are constantly being graduated
from the high schools of the State,
particularly in the smaller rural com
munities, bright, ambitious young wo
men, anxious to become trained and
qualified teachers, but who are with
out the $300 to $500 necessary to carry
them through the two years' course. of
a State normal school.
* Some are without relatives and have
managed to struggle along through
the schools in the communities in
which they are known. Others have
widowed mothers or other relatives
who by various devices have managed
to provide food and clothing, but are
unable to furnish the ready money
to pay the expense of living in a
distant city. Instances of this kind
which have been called to the
attention of the authorities are nu
merous, and in many cases pitiful and
pathetic. There are many occupa
tions which a young man may
enter, but the occupations which yield
an independent livelihood for in
telligent young women are few, with
the exception of .teaching, offer
ing generally a mere pittance to be
ginners, and are not as a rule fields
inviting to intelligent and cultured
young women.
VALUABLE MATERIAL.
"Fedora" ; at the
Grand and "Silver Moon"
Holds Orpheum Audience
An Entertainment Will Be
Given at Steinway Hall
to Start the Enterprise
Clergyman Says Playhouse
Is No Place for Women of
Good Character to Go
OTHER BILLS ARE GOOD
HARMFUL TO MORALS
TO ASSIST THE WORTHY
Her Fascinating Work Wins
All Hearts at Presenta
tion of Esmond's Drama
Rev. A. C. Bane of Howard-
Street Methodist Church.
Arraigns All Theaters
State Normal School Gradu
ates Will Found a Lib
eral Fund for Pupils
MISS GARDINER
SCORES TRIUMPH
TAKES A STAND
AGAINST STAGE
TEACHERS PLAN
STUDENT AIDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. MAY 23. 1004.
They ordered him to open the door,
which he did, and found him armed
with a razor. He was booked on a
charge of threats to kill. Th«
Adamses have been married four
months.
Yale spent last year for' intercolle
giate athletics on football, $28,471; basj
ball, $14,712; boating, ' $16,167, and on
track, $9476. t
12
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S orcatJ
4MUSEUN OF ANATOBY^
\ Cf^ "^e Larrett Anatomical Mu<»um in the \
A Jtj; World. Wc*kaes>9* or any contacted A
7 E'SSl di««e cared .syth- oldejt V
Q /Steal aa tae Co »«- Ett-36yc»rv O
A j»S*A DR. JQKDAN-D'SEASES Of MEM d
\ »^fS?^8 Comulritioo fr»e and jftktly private. \
A I jS^X H Tr*»rn.nt r^'»on»Py nr br IfTtrr. A m
T H <Jr TJ» U Aaku Car. ia every cast nadamlfen. \
Aftn II «P Wrtefnr Bv>lt. Pnil.O*«PB1( of X
V u II™ Htn»i.tr.£, mailed r*ea. ( a y
X A JJ, »»iuabl« book fat am ) \
Y DC JUHDA.M A CO., 1051 Market. St.. S. F. V
I iriKl 9$9 KjflMt.',* BpS ESS! fl- B8h K§I gSte&'< |
THE NATL^^p^ClRtE FOR £
YDfi/jyXXWAJM^^ \
\OF SANTA BARBARA Mf/YfRAL WATER.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Burnett'* Extract of Vanilla— In
purity and Etrength pre-eminently superior. •
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
TEUTONIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW ORLEANS. IN THE STATE OF
Louisiana, on the 31st day of December.
A. X). l'J(XS, and for the year ending on that
day, t- mad? to the Insurance Commissioner
erthe State cf Cil'.fornla, pursuant to the pro-
vision* of section* 6U> and 611 of the Political
• Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
C<cr.m'.zt loner :
CAPITAL.
Asiount of Capital S-tock, paid up In
Cash J250.000 00
ASSETS. ~
Real K.sta.tc owned by Company $40,(XK) VO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bond* owned by Company 621,835 O0
Cash in rompany's Office ;133 OS
Cash In B«r.ks 40.9(9 17
I'remlums In due Course of Collec-
tion 86.982 85
Total aeeeti $790,100 10
LIABILITIES. ~~ ~~"
lx>E»e« In process of Adjubtinent or
• tn Suspense (UT, 120 50
• Lo»*t rteiFtcd. including expense*. 2,500 Ol>
-•Grows premiums on Fire RiFks run-
. nine one year or less. $l:>~,41'J 22;
. re-lnfurance 50 per cent.. 248,709 66
Grots t""t"'iunig en Fire Risks run-
. uing more than one year. $-13,-
323 09; re-insurant-« pro rata 118.5S3 60
Cash Dividend to Stockholders t+-
rr.B.:r.:r.gr unpaid 13,130 00
Dii' and to become due for Consnila-
eions and Brokerage 2.000 00
'. * Total lUbllltlea *435*O43 76
INCOME.
Jf»t eath actually r*cel\-ed for Fire
prtaiuaia $653,026 06
r«*t rath actually received fcr
Marine premiums 20,772 72
Received fcr interest and dividends
en Bends, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 20.947 74
Prr.St en Bale Ledger Assets 8.402 56
Total Income $6S3,239 08
EXPFNDITtrRES. *
Net amount paid for Fire Loseei (In-
cluding Mil's.', .V), losses of pre-
vious years) $352,964 28
??et c mount paid for Marine Losses
S . losses of pre-
vious years) 2,774 03
TMvid'.rds to Stockholders 25.045 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Ilrokerage $133,537 65
Paid for HaiarieF, Fees, and other
charge* for officers, clerks, etc... 21,119 34
Paid tcr Etate. National, and Local
taxes I7.7S7 88
All oth<r payments and expenditures. 42.944 IS
TotsJ .expenditures $604.172 46
Loc««s Incurred durtnc th* year $.1C5.973 31
Ritks and Premium*. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
BM amount of Risk;
m-rltten during the
year *5«.333,C36 JS64.216 00
Net amount of Rinks
«-xpfred during th«>
year 82.155.280 78S.711 96
Net amount la force
I»r»mb*T 31. li>Q3..\ 50. 754.709 711.742 41
Hicks nnd Premiums. jMarine Risks Premiums.
Net amount of Risk*
written during tb»
year $4,675,364 $21,622 72
N<"t tmour.t of Risks
rxpirt-d riurine the
year I 4.678,364 21.622 72
ALBERT P. NOLL. President]
FRANK UNGBEHN, Secretary.
Subscribed and nivom to btfore me, this 22nd
«?ay of January, 1004.
M. C. SONIAT.
CommifElr.ner for California tn New Orleans.La,
3rAXX & WILSOX, tfanagers
KLcor. California and Sansome Sts.
SAX FRAXCISCO, CAL.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD CSE D AMI AN A BITTERS. THE
Crent Mexican Remedy; rives health and
•trrcftb to ctxu&l crsaus. Depot, 323 Market,
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
60c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. n,.
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
¦Hnfants JC invalid?^
3'El BC99 4C( fig eg\ fag Ek vrca
t£s3 p*Jm n B &3 kS Ei EsJ
Baby's bright eyes, rosy
cheeks, firm flesh and sound
limbs are the results of using
Mellin's Food.
You will be glad that you sent for a sample
of Mellin's Food when you see how eagerly
baby takes it.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
if Jj Perfect Fitting (TV
Ky Eyeglasses £M
j At Moderate Cost |\
V 642
K1IE!€E'S
1L-^ FAVORITE
IfESCWPTON
H FOR WEAK WOMEN.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUBE FOB MEN.
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. HO OTHER TREATMENT
EEQXTIBED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. KELLY'S PHARMACY, 102 Eddy.
Al||n Outfits. - Guns, Ammunl-
8 fllUBDV "JoodB. Tents and Gum to
BI»4RtfBR 1> '"' t - CATALOG FREE.
. Will W II SHREVE & BARBER CO.
. "•» Market .st.
_ 521 Kfarny *t.. 8. K.
SADWArs BEAST RELIEF has stood
unrivaled beiure the public lor oU years aa a>
Pain Hemedjr. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throata. Influenza. Bron-
chltts. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralpla.
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Pain. All drugjtiu.
Special Values in Our
Colored Dress Goods
Department
This week we will have on sale a Iarrj3
Importation of NEW SILK and WOOL, aqd
ALL WOOL DRESS MATERIALS, In Fancu
Voiles, Chiffon Samite, Granites, Albatros,
Chiffon Voile, Silk and Wool Crepes, French
Serges, Cheviots, Wool Crepas, Nuns' Serges,
Sicilians and Brilliantines.
Prices 50c to $2.00 uard.
We will also have on sale another ship-
ment of 5B-In- WEST-OF- ENGLAND TAILOR
SUITINGS, In Invisible Checks, Small and
Medium Stripes and Mixed Colorings. Theje
goods are all pure wool, come in a great vari-
ety of colorings and are ths Fabrics so much
in demand for traveling dresses.
Price $1.50 u^rd.
SPECIAL!
50 pieces Cream Etamins Voile, 38 inches
wide, warranted all wool --SOcuard
NOTE-Our Special Sale of HIGH-CLASS
NOVELTY SILKS and COLORED TAFFETAS
will be continued all this week,
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
4^-4KPi B eSt.,S.nFrancUco Fbone rrirate E,«*an^l f()UR Bill
:: flUAIITV STORES
Cor. ISih and Clay St., Oakland *¦ Main 1 ALII I •31UBLJ
Arrived — Nei£ Season's Teas
Basket Fired Japan — Bee Brand Ceylon— fragrant as
rfesh cut flowers— Ready for delivery by Wednesday, j
\ As usual we are first in the field with New Crop
JjpanTea— it takes but just a little and Oh I So good.
Place your Camping Order with us, we have the
irin^s to please the inner man.
Quality with us is a "Leading Feature.'* r
Quality and Price Sale For 3 days
HONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY
Ferris Bacon— Unexcelled-reg'ly 23c lb 20
Good Coffee— Crescent blend or Guatemala— 20
Reg'ly 25c lb — roast or ground 5 lbs 90
Sublime Lucca Oil— Table oil— Reg'ly 66c qtiart bot 50
PicKles— Onions— Crosse & Blackwtll 20 35 60
Gherkins-mixed-chow chow— walnuts-rcg'ly 25c— 40c— 70c
Sardines— Boneless— French— La Dianl— reg'ly 30c— lge can 25
Nabisco Wafers- Ramona— Athena— Champagne— reg'ly 30c can 25
Grape Nuts— 4 pkgs 45c— H. O. Oats 2 for 2o
Frtiit Coloring Price's— reg'ly 35c bot 20
For confectionery— custards— ice cream— cake frosting
CatStxp— Blue Label— reg'ly 25c bot 20
Beef E-XtraCt-Liebig's-regMy 2 oz-40c— spc'l 35c reg'ly 4 oz-75c-spc'l 65
Cherries— World brand— white and black — reg'ly 30c can 2"i
Toilet Ammonia— Greer's— violet— lavender— reg'ly 30c bot 22^
rti'Jy pts spc'i r^ g'ly <l*s spc"!
Everard Malt Lager Beer— $1.55— 1.35 *2.35— 2.10
WhisRy — Old stock — bourbon — hasn't varied for years 1.15
Reg'ly f 1.50 bot-$6 gal " 4.50
Claret — V Zinfandel — pure table wine — reg'ly 50c gal 40
Garden Hose — A ?°- d one— not the best— reg'ly $3.15 2.45
Japanese NapRinS- A«sorted deigns— not less than 100 lots— rcg ly 60c 30
Tooth Powder- Listerated — reg'ly 25c 20
Candy— French mixed— bon bons— chocolates— reg'ly 40c 35c — 3 lbs JI
See our windows for other specials
Ask for circular of our complete sale at the counter —
. 35 more articles at Special Sale to interest you
Shipping groceries to the country
our particular hobby — The best foods here — never the cheapest-
experienced packers guarantee sate delivery — prompt and reliablt
service — send for illustrated catalogue.
Hawaiian Beauty — Coffee from the oldest plantations in Kon;
Kona Coffee hand picked — free from sour berries —
unsurpassed in flavor — a treat to fastidious coffee drinkers lb 30
La Ricosa — Our own brand- — made in Key West of the choicest
Cig'ars Havana tobacco— popular sizes
Proprietors of— Early and Often cocktails— 6 kinds-
.Wm. Penn— Medicinal Malt Whisky— finest made
Pacific Coast Agents— W. A. Gaines & Co. Frankfort, Ky
Old Crow and Hermitage Rye Whiskies
Direct Importers— Henkell & Co.— Germany
Rhine and Moselle Wines
Noilly Pratt & Co. — Marseilles & Co.— French Vermouth
A. Legrand — Benedictine
Marie Brizard &: Roper — Bordeaux Cordial?
ADVERTISEMENTS. '_
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xi the only cure for Nervous anl
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 538 HAIGHT 91*
Saa Francisco. C*U J
t
R Special Sales Ji
Bvery Week
China
Crockery
Glassware
Bnamel Ware
Household Goods
o Watch Our 9
r Stores.
Prices Talk.^^W
It Pays to Trade I
Great American Importing Tea Go's
Stores
861 Mazfcrt C10 Grant ava. 1419 Polk
140 Sixth 1819 Derisadero 705 Larkia
475 Haizht 8006 Sixteenth 355 Hayes
3285 Mission 621 Montff'y are. 52 Mark«t
20C3 Flllmore 2516 Mission 116 Ninth
966 Third 469 Fourth 2732 34th