Muscovites Hurry
Northward for
Safety.
SOLDIERS OF THE MIKADO
PRESS FORWARD TO BATTLE
UNITED STATES MINISTER TO CHINA/WHOSE DUTIES HAVE INCREASED WITH. THE INVASION OF MANCHCRIA BT [
OPPOSING ARMIES COMMANDER OF THE JAPANESE LAND FORCES AND THE CHIEF OF THE RUSSIAN MXLITART
STAFF IN THE CZAR'S STRONGHOLD OF PORT ARTHUR. ' "
appointed general manager. He Is
chairman of the advisory board of
joint track elevation in the city of Chi
cago.
The successor of Wallace as general
manager of the Illinois Central wjll
be either A. W. Sullivan, I. G. Fawn
or W. J. Haraha/
LONDON, May 11. — The corre
spondent of the Daily Mail, It Is an
nounced in that paper this morning,
has been expelled from Belgrade for
bis. severe comment on the con
spirators who planned and executed
the assassination of King Alexander
and. Queen Dra;a.
Is Expelled From Belgrade.
War News Continued on Pace 2.
PROFESSOR SMITH HAS -
} RESIGNED' FROM STANFORD
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 10.
Professor Albert William Smith, .head
of the department, of mechanical ; en
gineering at Stanford University, has
resigned from the ' faculty, to accept
the position of dean of Sibley College
of -Mechanical Engineering at Cornell
University. .. *^-
Professor Smith -has been at -Stan- ;
ford since . his department .was opened
in and his departure is a heavy
loss as well as ; a surprise to the uni
versity community.
WORLDS FAIR GUARD
TAKES HIS OWN" LIFE
Brother of Mississippi Commissioner
Commits Suicide While DesfKrad
cnt Over III Health. ,
ST. LOUIS, May 10.— Captain Wal
ter Allen of St. Louis, connected with
the World's Fair Jefferson Guards
and a brother of "Private" John Al
len, national world's fair commission
er from Mississippi, committed sui
cide late to-day by shooting himself
through the heart in a room in the
dormitory of the Washington Univer
sity, now utilized by the exposition.
He left a note stating that ill health
had driven him* to commit the act.
TIBETANS BUTCHER EIGHT
BRITISH MISSION SERVANTS
New "Arms Are Betas Secured and a
General Outbreak Is
• Feared.
LONDON. May 11.— The Times
publishes a dispatch from Gyantse,
Tibet, which reports the butchering
of eight servants of the British mie
• sion by Tibetans. The dispatch says
that the Tibetans are constantly get
tingbetterarms and ammunition, which
are manufactured at Lassa and that
it is clear the Tibetans contemplate a
* combined move to overwhelm the
•mission.
'FATHER AN*D SON SUICIDE
- RATHER THAN DIE ALOXE
Two Men Vac Gas to End Their Lives
in a N'fw York Lodging- .
House.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Their love
for each other and the fear that they
might be separated by death is be
lieved to have led Conrad Hauenstein,'
59 years of age, and his son, Conrad
Jr.. aged SS, to take their own lives.
The bodies of the two men were found
.to-day In a room in East Twenty-fifth
afreet, where they had lived together
for several years. Each of the men
>»»id the end of an open gas tube.
The Daily Telegraph's Shanghai cor
respondent; says that according to pri
vate reports from Kwangsi the rebel
lion there is more threatening than
ever.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 11, 3:05 a.
in.— The most important official news
" The Daily Chronicle's Tokio corre
spondent .-declares that Port Arthur
will >be bombarded with heavy guns
and .that a .concentrated assault will
be made on a well-known vulnerable
point in the, defenses. The correspond
ent adds that the Russians' have cap
tured forty-six junks on" the Liao Riv
er laden. with Chinese Government rice,
which was destined for Tientsin, and
that Viceroy Yuan " Shal Khai has
strongly, protested against* this action.
According to telegrams from Shang
hai, General Kuropatkln is making a
general concentration of troops at
Maotienling Pass, where the next great
battle is expected to take place. . -.
" GUNS FOR' BOMBARDMENT. ' •
SHANHAIKWAN, ' May 10.— The
Japanese first army, vigorously follow
ing up its first victory at the Yalu, is
already threatening the Russian posi
tion at Haicheng. The army is march
ing in three divisions. The second army
pushed quickly up to co-operate with
General Kuroki's force and jointly.de-,
feated the Russians near Wafungtien
yesterday. The Russians suffered great
loss. The Japanese artillery was splen
didly handled. The Japanese dragged
their guns up heights the Russians
thought to . be insurmountable. After
the fight the' Russians ; resumed their
retreat north.
LONDON, May 11.— Thus far no con
firmation has reached London of the
reported battle near Liaoyang. One of
the explanations of the restoration of
the Port Arthur, railroad \ suggested
here is that the landing of the Japa
nese at Pitzewo was interrupted by a
gale, which compelled their temporary
retirement to the coast, or that the
Japanese are allowing, the line to re
main open- for the removal of non
combatants from Port Arthur prior to
a bombardment. •
"There is no reason to keep the
strength of the garrison at Port' Ar
thur a secret," said the informant of
the Associated Press. . "The Japanese
know It because of their perfect In
formation. We have 20,000 soldiers
and 10,000 sailors there. The latter
will not be used on the fortifications
except as a last .extremity. The Jap
anese will not obtain possession of
our fleet even if they capture Port Ar
thur. The orders to the commander
there are that he shall, when after all
Is inevitable, put to see and engage the
enemy. We do not propose for the
Japanese to find in the harbor a num
ber of valuable warships which they
can s«>ize and add to their fleet. More
over, in battle. the Japanese will suffer
as well as our ships, and those of the
latter which do not escape win go to
the bo^om."
The suggestion of another Japanese
debarkation Is generally discredited.
The force acting independently Is be
lieved to be attached to General Kuro
ki's army. Whether or not an army
was landing, the fact was impressed
upon the Associated Press by a mem
ber of the general staff that the Jap
anese are placing Southern Manchuria
absolutely under control before be
ginning a forward movement, thus
guaranteeing against threatened Cos
sack raids. Whether General Kuroki
intends to move on Liaoyang and Hai
cheng has not yet developed, though
action agaitfst the latter place does not
now appear so probable. In view of
the dispatch of a force to Kunaginsin.
a third army had landed at Takushan
it could have moved to Fengwangcheng
and flanked. the Russians in case Gen
eral Kurokl had encountered strong
opposition.
There .has -. probably _ been some
fighting, but whether with Japanese
vessels or with troops north. of Pitzewo
Is not known, nor. has tne whereabouts
of the Japanese landed on the southern
part ' of the Liaoyang peninsula been
definitely ascertained. It is safe to
say, however, that no engagement of
importance has occurred to re-estab
lish communication. Undoubtedly ne"ws
of. such a victory would: be made pub
lic promptly owing to the state of the
temper of the people to-night. -All-im
patience arising .from General Kuro
patkin's gradual withdrawal has dis
appeared. The Japanese, seeing that
the - withdrawal . was thorough, ; . and
with. the care that .has distinguished
their past operations, after •¦ making
sure that no- Russians -w;ere left be
hind, cut the vital line of communica
tions. ¦ . . . t ¦ • .¦ . "
: The Japanese division operating May
5 and 6 east of Tayangho.must not be
confused ¦ with ;the " army at Pitzewo.
because the latter debarked May - 6; > If
from the front up to this hour is that
telling of the complete re-establlshment
of railroad and telegraphic communica
tion with Port Arthur, though how it
was brought about and whether a bat
tle was' necessary to accomplish it are
mysteries which Viceroy Alexieff failed
to clear up.
• The elation of the authorities over
this achievement is sobered by official
dispatches showing the activity of the
Japanese in Eastern Manchuria.
Kuanggensiang (Huangtlangsal), fifty,
miles northeast of ¦ Fengwaagcheng,
was occupied by the Japanese May 5.
This enables an advance along the bad
roads to the flank either at Liaoyang
or Mukden.
The territory between the main road
to Fengwangcheng and the river Ta
yang has been penetrated by such a
strong force of Japanese as to lead
to the suggestion that another army
has landed at Takushan, of which the
outside world has not before heard.
The Japanese have been expected and,
therefore, it has not diminished the
satisfaction felt at the opening of com
munication with Port Arthur. ¦ *
RUSSIA AWAITS NEWS.
OMAHA, May 10. — James Bates of
Benson, a suburb of Omaha, has filed
a claim against the estate of his uncle,
Benjamin Bates, for salary at $5 a
week for forty years, amounting to
$23,040, including interest at 7 per
cent.
The claimant worked on his uncle's
farm all these years without reward
and alleges that he was promised that
he would be named as beneficiary in
his uncle's will. The uncle died re
cently, leaving his entire estate, valued
at $25,000, to a neighbor, Judson E.
Shepard.
Shepard to-day told the probate
Judge he was not justly, entitled to the
bequest and that James had worked
and waited for it and ought to have
It. Shepard will not fight the claim.
The claim was put In the form of a
bill because attorneys thought it
would be difficult to prove relationship
and an attempt to break the will
might mean long delay.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LONDON. May 1L— The morning pa
p"ers published editorials expressive of
deen regret at the death of Sir Henry
11. Stanley.
• The.premature death of Sir Henry is
attributed to seeds of disease which he
contracted in the African swamps.
'King Edward and Queen Alexandra,
as well hs the King of the Belgians.
have written sympathetic letters of
copflolence to the widow of Sir Henry,
" and innumerable expressions have been
• received from personages of note.
.There is a very strong feeling In fa
vor of the burial of Sir Henry in West
minster Abbey. It has been learned
that Sir Henry had a stroke of paraly
sis thirteen months ago, from which he
was steadily recovering, when he
caught, while out driving, the chill
which developed into pleurisy.
mous Dead of Westminster
Abbey.
Ilrj^ain- May Be Placed Among Fa-
.EXPRESS REGRET AT DEATH
Ul' EXPLORER STANLEY
Nephew of a Rich
Man Will Collect
Thousands.
ASKS PAY
FOR FORTY
YEARS' TOIL
RAILROAD 'MANAGER WALLACE.
APPOINTED ENGINEER OF THE
. - ISTHMIAN CANAL.
Special Diar&iefe to The C*l
LAKEVIEW, Ore., May 10.— War be
tween cattlemen and sneepmen has
c*us«r a reign of t«rror in Lake Coun
ty % The perpetrators of a numLrrf of
outrage* have given notice that-o* re
vrardc can be issued for their arrest
ipr capture. Sheep driven from Cali
fornia upon the Oregon cattle ranges
.ttaited the trouble. jf! .
•*J» Creed Conn, a wealthy rancher, a
brother of the prosecuting attorney,
'was found dead after being missing
tor -several weeks. Ever}' evidence
•pointed to deliberate murder. The Cor
oner's jury, <jf necessity, announced
that Conn had died of self-inflicted
wounds. Conn's barns and wagc-ns
had been previously burned.
•' Thus far Ji^.000 worth of property
fcas been destroyed. On February 2.
' "2000 Ehe*-i> v.ere killed. On April 2S.
2700 she_-p were slaughtered. Silence
hangs over the county, none daring to
ltli what he knows.
Conn was believed to have told his
brother of the identity of the outlaws
In whose neighborhood he lived.
; Smyth formerly lived for fifteen
years in Pasadena, and left Hotel
Green but a few days ago for the
East. He took nearly a score of friends
into his confidence, told them of the
happiness in store for him and* said
Mrs. Singer will follow him shortly to
\ his country place in the White Moun
tains. There the marriage will take
place. •
The friends of \he couple do not
question for a moment that the mar
riage is to take place shortly after
Mrs. Singer goes East, and mention
many things which point toward the
culmination of the happy plan. It is
stated that her property in Pasadena
is for sale, that she has been interest
ing her capital in Smyth's latest in
vention, that the groom-to-be has sold
his big ranch on Lake avenue and his
home in North Pasadena, that he has
bought Mrs. Singer a large diamond
ring and that both are leaving Pasa
dena for good.
Smyth has recently invested much
money in a book gathering machine
which is the combination of many of
his patents. His Inventions in con
nection with the book sewing machine
revolutionized that branch of indus
try- He Is accredited with the Inven
tion of the gimlet screw, on which a
patent was never taken out, Smyth
giving it to the world. The method of
decorating shoes with fancy stitching
was made possible by a needle which
Smyth devised.
Smyth had four sons and a daugh
ter, the latter c'ying a few years ago.
She was a beautiful girl and Mrs.
Smyth built the Seventh Day Advent
Church of Pasadena to the memory
of her.' The sons are all living in the
East. Mrs. Smyth died about seven
years ago., Mr. and Mrs. Singer were
next door "neighbors of Mr. and Mrs.
Smyth in "North Pasadena for a num
ber of years and were close friends.
.Shortly before his death Mr. Singer
built a mansion there. Smyth's pres
ent permanent home is Hartford,
Conn.
"They, were simply trying to steal a
march on ur." said one of Mrs. Sing
er's intimate friends yesterday, "but
the dear old man just could not keep
it any longer and when he left the
Green he ;gave his pictures to all of
his friends and told us that we must
say nothing ,untll the announcement
cards came from" the East." , "
LOS ANGELES,' MayjLO.— D. -M.
Smyth, a noted inventor, aged 71 years,
has created a '^ocia\ sensation in which
Interest will be taken' all over theUnit
cd States., by 'announcing the engage
ment of himself and Mrs. H. M.
Singer, the widow of the famous in
ventor and sewing machine magnate,
whose name is^ a household word in
Europe and America. Mrs. Singer,
who is aged 65 and possessed of.mil
lions,- tacitly admits the engagement,
while cleverly avoiding direct answers
when questioned.*
SDecUl Dlssatch to The Call.
Fiance Is Past Three Score and Ten
Years, but Is Wealthy and
* Distinguished^
Deliberately Murdered.
Creed Conn, the Stockman Found Dead,
Is !<cw Believed to Haic Been
People Are Awed by the
Outrages and Crime Is
Unpunished
Widow of Sewing Machine
Magnate Admits En
gagement.
SouttiernCalifornians
Have a Social
Sensation,
Reip oi Terror Ex
ists in Part ol
Lake County.
On January 1, 1891. Wallace was em
ployed by the Illinois Cent ral to as
sist in handling the World's Fair
transportation problem amd submit
plans for taking care of ; this travel
and the improvement of the terminals
of the : Illinois Central. These plans
were finally adopted by the railroad
company, and Mr. Wallace > was ap
pointed chief engineer of -Oie Illinois
Central. During the seven ; years he
occupied this position the Illinois Cen
tral property was practically rebuilt.
January 1. 1S38, he was appointed as
sistant second vice * president. While
still retaining supervision over; the
engineering department, he was call
ed upon to assist the second vfee pres
ident' In the general supervision of
matters connected with the operation
of the railroad. On January 1. 1901,
Wallace's iitle was changed to as
sistant general manager, and he was
placed at the head of the operating de-
DartmenL In September, 1902, he was
"There is no profeesionel engineer
in my acquaintance who, I think,
has in a higher degree than
Mr. Wallace the special commer
cial and diplomatic tact which I con
ceive will be required. He not only
has commercial sense, knows the value
of money, but also has a very rare
capacity in dealing with men, whether
they be above him, bis peers, or under
him. It just goes without saying that
he is upright and downright."
Wallace was born at Fall River,
Mass.. and educated as civil engineer
at Monmouth University. Monmouth,
111., of which his father, the Rev. D.
A. Wallace, was founder and first
president. In 1S69 he entered the ser
vice of the Carthage and Quincy Rail
road as rodman. In 18TO he was as
sistant engineer . of survey for the
Quincy, Alton and St. Louis Railroad.
From 1S71 to 1S76 he was assistant en
gineer of the United States Engineer-
Ing Corps at Rock Island." 111. During
this time he excavated a channel
through the St. Louis chain of rocks
by machinery of his own design.
CHICAGO, May 10.— During the re
cent trip of the Panama Canal Com
missioners to the Isthmus one of the
subjects of discussion was the appoint
ment of the chief- engineer. It was
agreed by every one that the man
selected must possess exceptional qual
ifications; must . be not only an en
gineer, but an administrator and ex
ecutive: must have mature judgment
and yet energy of accomplishment;
must be well known and favorably
known, as a larce proportion of the
success of the commission would de
pend on the chief engineer.
While the commission was at sea on
the way to the isthmus a letter was
written to Wallace, asking him to
meet the members in New York on
their return and talk over the matter.
Subsequently there was correspondence
with Stuyvesant Fish, president of the
Illinois Central, who thus spoke of Mr.
Wallace:
PRAISE FOR WALLACE.
In regard to the*' salary to-be paid
Wallace. Admiral j Walker 'said,, that
when a man undertakes, to direct the
construction of the Panama canal pro
ject it is necessary for nlm to burn
his ships behind him, and that 525,000
is not too high for a man competent
for so important a trust. .
"Whoever undertakes that task gives
up his business in',' this country, for it
wi!l require all his .time on the isthmus
for an- indefinite period," said the Ad
miral.
NEEDS THE SALARY.
"Mr. Wallace has been considered for
some time by members of the canal
commission for the position of chief
engineer." said Admiral Walker. "No
one stands higher in his profession or
Is better equipped to take up the work
mapped out than he, and the commis
sion is to be congratulated on secur
ing the services of such a man."
Wallace will take up hte work with
the commission on June 1. He will ar
rive In Washington on or before that
date and for the present will have his
offices at the headquarters of the
commission in this city. It has not
been determined wlien he will visit the
isthmus, all matters of detail being
left for a future conference with the
commission.
WASHINGTON'. May 10.— Admiral
Walker, president of the Panama Canal
Commission, received a telegTam from
John Findley Wallace of Chicago, gen
eral manager of the Illinois Central
Railroad, accepting the appointment of
chief engineer in charge of the con
struction of the canal. Wallace will re
ceive a salary of $25,000 a year.
John F. Wallace of
Chicago Accepts
the Honor.
MRS. SINGER
IS TO WED
AN INVENTOR
CATTLEMEN
WAGE WAR
IN OREGON
RAILROAD MANAGER
NAMED AS ENGINEER
OF ISTHMIAN CANAL
PARIS, May 1 L— The Matin's St. Petersburg: correspondent says it is persistently rumored that there has been a
big fight near Maotienling Pass between the Russians and General Kuroki's army. The Russians, he says, lost heavily,
Lieutenant General Zassulitch being among the killed. \ . .
LONDON, May U.— The Tokio correspondent of the Morning Post cabling under date of May 10 says a high
angle bombardment of Port Arthur is proceeding.
JAPANESE FLEET BOMBARDS PORT ARTHUR FORTRESS;
RUSSIANS LOSE HEAVILY IN DESPERATE LAND FIGHT
VOLUME XCV— NO. 163.
7oreeast made at San Pr*n
el»co for tMrty hours eadlna*
mldnlrht. Kir XI:
San Francisco and vicinity —
7alr Wednesday; V^tt north
winds, chanrlnr to fresh west
erly. A. O. XcJLSSB.
District roreeaster.
TBS WZATZXX*
TXS^TKSATBSS. r _
Alcatar— "The Two ' Saiocls." '-
AHuuabra ntmbrlch C«ro«rt.
C»lif oral* — "Oar H«w Minister."..
Central — "Tie Three Was* -
heteers."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Bogrers Brothers In
X« option. "
Grand — "Cleopatra.'*
Orphetun — Vaudeville. Jffatiaee
To-Day.
lCechanica' Pavilion — Industrial
Exposition.'
Tirol!— "A Runaway Girl."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN- FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1904.
Brown Men Han
dle Artillery Ad- -
mirably.
The San Francisco Call.H ABK FOR NEW TRIAL.— Counsel for Quan
Quock convicted of the murder of Tom
Wyck. presented argument* last night In Judjre
T,awler*s court in support -of- a- TO otfort i for a
new trial. The case waj continued until Sat-
SAN JOSE, May 10.— J. W. Leiben
good, parole officer of the State Indus
trial Reformatory of Kansas, to-day
started back with Harry Ford, who
broke *is parole while serving sen
tence for forgery in that State.
Paroled Forger Captured.
SAN DIEGO. May 10. — All arrange
ments have been completed for the
opening this evening of the Panama
Canal Carnival > week, under the aus
pices of the Knights of Pythias. The
main features will be the big parade
on Friday and the reception to the
visiting members. of the Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers and their
wives, numbering about a thousand,
on Saturday.
Parade and Receptions -to the Visit
ors,. Will* Be Features of
i- 'the. Fete.
SAX DIEGO 'PREPARING
K _; \. ".]: 1/ FOR \ CAN^li CARXIVAIi
VANCOUVER, B. O, May 10.-A
special from Dawson says:
The Yukon River is now 'clear with
the exception of two Ice jams, one at
Selkirk, the other at Five Fingers. The
White Pass Company's steamer Co
lumbian will probably leave for White
Horse on Thursday. The Thistle is
on the way down from Hoflnqua. The
ice broke down on the front of DawJfk
son on, May 7, the earliest known since
white men came, to, the country. It. Is
believed boats will arrive from While
Horse by May 25. y,
The town of Fortymlle was. flooded
and the people left 1 for the hills, leav
ing, their goods behind, owing to the
great rapidity of the rise! The oper
ator had to leave the telegraph office
owing to the breaking of the dam be
.low herei r.The water fell ten feet in
six hours, leaving many steamers and
scows stranded.
• Huge masses of ice are stranded on
the bar at the mouth of the Klondike,
which will remain most of the summer.
Silas Campbell, a veteran Klondiker,
was r killed --In ¦ a 1 drift- on QuartV'R'bck
yesterday owing to a fall of rock.
ICE IS BREAKING • ;
. - EAKLY AT- DAWSON
SAN LULS OBISPO, May 10. — The
Sunset Telephone Company will begin
to-morrow on the' rebuilding of their
entire system at this point,' involving
an expense pf about $20,000. The
whole exchange, consisting of about
500 phones, will be replaced with new
material, introducing ' the multiple
switchboard and central energy' ays-'
tern in place or"the old-fashioned one.
now in use. ( The work. is to be com
pleted by August' 1.
Will Rebuild- Telephone System.
Edward Crawford, a marine fireman,
of 572 Folsom street and Charles Trul
sen of 334D Bryant street called at the
Morgue last night and identified the
body of the man that was found un
der the cars in the Southern Pacific
freight yards last Sunday morning as
that of Conrad Jacbsen. They assert
ed that they believed he had met with
foul play. They stated they saw him
last at 6 o'clock Saturday night— the
night preceding the * discovery of his
mangled body. When they last saw
Jacbsen he was in the company of a
lottery ticket seller named Glen, whom
they think lived on Bryant street. The
dead man at the time had $20 or $25 on
his person.
When the corpse of Jacbsen was
found Sunday morning under a car at
Fifth and Townsend streets the skull
had been crushed in. Search through
the dead man's clothes failed to revear
any property. To all appearances the
man had been run. over by a train of
freight cars and dragged for a block.
His clothes were torn into shreds and
his body horribly cut and "bruised.
Crawford and Trulsen say Jacbsen
was a Norwegian sailor, 25 years of age
and lived at 754 Folsom street. Last
Saturday night he was at Crawford's
house, at 572 Folsom street. About 6
o'clock he. left. About 8 o'clock on the
same night they saw him with Glen on
•Bryant street. Jacbsen had been drink-
Ing heavily and was under the influence
of liquor at -the time. Trulsen formerly
roomed with Jacbsen.
V Deputy Coroner Brown reported th§
matter" to Captain Martini and detec
tives will be detailed on the case. The
pockets were in such a torn condition
at the time of the discovery of Jacb
sen's body it is possible that any money
he. may have -had on his' person at the
time of his death was lost when his
body was dragged beneath the cars.
THINK FRIEND
MET FOUL PLAY
WASHINGTON, May 10.— Carrying
his quarrel with Commissioner of Pat
ents Allen directly to President Roose
velt,. Thomas A. Edison, by the Presi
dent's- orders, has been given a hear
ing. In this case, which promises to
be one of great importance among in
ventors, the Commissioner of Patents
is indirectly involved,- and the good
faith, if not the honesty, of one of his
examiners.
"Mr. Edison," the President is re
ported to have said, "makes no unrea
sonable demand. He occupies a pecu
liar position in this inventive age, and
he shall be given an opportunity to be
heard."
'The order of the President that a
hearing be granted was given after
the Commissioner had refused to take
up the case. Mr. Edison, who has taken
out more patents in this country than
any individual in the .world, made ap
plication for a device to be used in
connection with his storage battery,
which he has said would revolutionize
motor carriages and " greatly benefit
consumers of electricity. It .is charged
that while this application was pend
ing the examiner In the case permitted
an inventor who was operating along
the same lines to withdraw his applica
tion and insert in his specifications
facts which were covered in the Edison
patent.
President Issues Order After Commis
sioner Allen Had Refused to
Grant Request.
EDISOX TO HAVE HEARING
REGARDING HIS PATENTS
.The. cuts in salaries ot Territorial
employes, made- in the recent 'special
session of the Legislature in acts to go
into effect July 1* are tp be made effec
tive at once. The Legislature passed a
Joint resolution authorizing Governor
Carter to put laws Into effect imme
diately, as far as he^depmed advisable,
and the Governor is acting under such
authorization. : '\ ' : , '.*:'*¦,¦ '
A strike occurred on Monday among
the Japanese laborers on Waipahu
plantation. About 1300 of them made
threatening demonstrations near the
manager's house and one of the fore
men was attacked, but made his es
cape. The Japanese demanded the
discharge of the head foreman. They
refused to listen to a representative of
the Consul sent from Honolulu. A force
of Honolulu police was hurried to the
scene and kept the peace. The foreman
objected to has resigned and the men
are expected to return to work at once.
. Mrs. Ida Mooney, the young woman
who was taken off an Australia-bound
steamer here on a writ of habeas cor
pus, o^a claim that she had been kid
naped at San Francisco and placed on
board to be sent to New Zealand, Kas
started back. She is a passenger for
San Francisco on the barkentine Irm
gard. - .
HONOLULU. .May 4.-E. Vivian
Richardson, former chief clerk of the
Honolulu Water Works Bureau, has
been indicted . on J thirteen charges of
embezzlement or funds of the bureau.
Richardson was'removed by order of
the Governor-some weeks ago, when
he was alleged to. be short. The head
of the bureau 'was also removed.
Governor Carter has obtained from
the Interior Department leave of ab
sence beginning May 21. He will leave
on that date for Washington and will
attend the Republican National Con
vention as a delegate from Hawaii,
also the St. Louis Fair as a delegate
of the Sons of the American Revolution.
HONOLULU, May- 4.— Irregularities
in the method of. handling Government
moneys en the part of land agents on
the island of Hawaii have been un
earthed by Land /'Commissioner Pratt
and Deputy Attorney General Peters.
Three months ago Governor Carter re
quested the resignation "of Land -Agent
E. D. Baldwin, but it was only last
week that he squared up his accounts
with the Government- by paying "over
two checks amounting to $4716 26 and
a further sum of $1200 in cash.
"vVilliam K. Ragsdale. another land
agent, also had to 'account for collec
tjons that he had made. He had been
la the habit of treating fees and rentals
I»aid to him as if they were his private
funds, depositing them In bank to his
personal account and without entering
.the payments in the office records.
" He tried to justify his action by rep
resenting that he was only following an
old custom in withholding the money
until the land patents were obtained
# from the head office in Honolulu. The
Attorney General's department is, con
sidering whether it! has sufficient
grounds on which . to base criminal
prosecutions. <_. .•
Special Correspondence.
HAVRE, May 10. — A committee rep
resenting the striking officers of the
merchant marine, after conferring with
representatives of the French Trans
atlantic Steamship Company, decided
that the La Savoie will sail on her
regular trip Saturday next with the
usual staff of officers. Members of
the committee Bay that this decision
is Intended to show the moderation of
the strikers by which it is hoped that
a final settlement of the difficulties
will be facilitated.
French Liner La Savoic Will Sail on
Saturday as Result of
Conference.
STRIKERS MAKE CONCESSION
TO A STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Irregularities in Hawaiian
Methods Cause Governor
to fiemove PL D. Baldwin
Thirteen .Charges of Embez
zlement Are; Made Against
Richardson ¦ in Honolulu
BUREAU CLERK
IS INDICTED
LAND AGENTS
FIX ACCOUNTS
On Mav 5 the Slav-Americans of
San Francisco held a meeting- and a
telegram- "was sent Count Cassini, Rus
sia's Embassador at Washington, ex
pressing love for Russia and en
couragement with her in her conflict
with Japan. Count Cassini in acknowl
edging the receipt of the message sent
the following reply by telegram yes
terday:
The Rev. Sebastian Dabovlch, president Slav-
American Committee, Pan Francisco: I bejc to
thank the Slav-Americans of San Francisco
and you most sincerely for your expression of
kind feelings for my country. CASSINI.
His Country.
Russia's Embassador Acknowledges
Slav- Americans' Goodwill Toward
CASSIXI IS GRATEFUL
WASHINGTON, May 10.— The atten
tion of the Bureau of Navigation of
the Navy Department to-day was call
ed to the official report of M. Pavloff.
Russian Minister to Korea, which was
gazetted In the Official Messenger;
stating that the commander of the
Vicksburg refused, after the engage
ment at Chemulpo, to take aboard thft
vessel wounded men from the Russian
warships Variag and Korietz. Th«
bureau produced the following extract
from- the report of- Commander W. A.
Marshall, commanding the Vicksbur?
at Chemulpo, which the officials re
gard as a complete rebuttal:
"About 12:30 p. m., February 9. both
Russian vessels, Korietz and Variag.
headed . in toward their anchorage at
full speed and j as they approached it
was seen that the Variag had a list
to port and appeared to be on fire aft
on the port quarter,* a number of Jap
anese in pursuit, until about a mile
inside of Yodollm, but not firing, ai
the foreign men-of-war were directly
in Jine of flre. when they gave up the
chase and rejoined their squadron out
side.
At 12:50 the Variag anchored about
400 yards to the northward and west
ward of • the Talbot, with the Elba
about 600 yards to the southward of
her. On learning that she had quite
a number of. wounded nven I sent our
medical officers on board to render
assistance. 'The same was done by the
Talbot, Elba and Pascal. A little later
on, on its being reported that the
Variag was In a sinking condition, two
of our cutters and the whaleboat, with
boats from the other cruisers, assisted
in taking off her personnel and put
ting them on board the Talbot and
Elba. Two Russian engineer officers
were brought on board the Vicksburg
and taken care of for some time and
on my offering to have the Zafiro used
as temporary quarters, they were
taken to the Elba, where their captain
detained them and declined my offer
with thanks."
It is pointed out by the chief of the
,Na\'igation Bureau that the Zaflro,
which was tendered as a hospital ship.
Is a roomy naval transport and was
much more suitable for the accommo
dations ot the wounded than the little
Vlcksburg vhh her cramped quar
ter*. ;;•;_ - ', 'V'. 1 . .
;*;***ijBaLSE*oAiiLs reserves.
Russian Sovereign Orders the Muster-
Ing of Troops In Districts.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 10. — An
imperial ukase issued to-day calls out
the reserves of several districts In the
governments of Poltava, Kursk, Khar
koff, Ryazan. Kaluga and Tula, with
the view of the completion of the unita
to be sent to the Far East from the
military districts of Kieff and Moscow.
Alnmetla County Deaths.
OAKLAND, May 10. — Mrs. Johanna
Doran, aged 76 years, died yesterday
at her home. 1178 Eighth street Tha
deceased was a widow, and leaves two
daughters,. Mrs. William. Christen and
Mrs. Charles Helinke.
Manuel Gomez, a well-to-do farmer,
aged 72 years, died yesterday at hij
residence near San Pablo. He leaves
three children.
Chinese Bandits Engage in
the Strife and Attack
the Russians.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 10. — The
general staff has received a dispatch
from Major General Karkevitch, dated
May 9, which says; ,
, . "On May 5 our roouts discovered at
Liaoyhalpuzo, fourteen miles north -of
Takushan, on the .. 'left bank of the
Talinhe River, a Japanese detachment,
one regiment strong. During a fusil
lad* with a line of Japanese sharp
shooters one Cossack, was killed.
• "At Luan Myako,. eight miles north
of Takushan, on the same -bairtfof the
river, our scouts were .. fired . upon on
the right bank. The enemy's force
was composed of 200\ Korean "soldiers
aj^d 200 Japanese wjearing ..Korean
uniforms. After a we&l sustained fire
the enemy withdrew \ to UJan. The
Russian casualties were one soldier
killed and four wounded and several
horses killed. • * " v ¦
"On May 2 eight Cossacks recon
noitering between Sin Sin Ting, forty
miles east of Mukden. , and Tsian
Tchan, thirty mites southwest of Sin
Sin Ting, were attacked at Tchan
Seflgon by a band of well armed rob
bers, apparently ChJxiese bandits.
During the fight one Cossack . was
wounded. A guide and; a Chinese in
terpreter were also killed." *
FENGWANGCirEN'G QCCUPIED.
Russian Commander . Notifies . St.
Petersburg of Jap. Movements.
ST. PETERSBURG* May. 10.—Lieu
tenant General SakharoAT, commander
of the First Siberian. Army Corps, in
a telegram to the general staff dated
May 8 says that the Japanese, hav
ing occupied Fengwangcheng, are
remaining there and are making
reconnoissances of the main road to
Llaoyang and both flanks of the road.
On May 5, General Sakharoff says,
the -Japanese occupied Huanglianff
sia, fifty miles northeast of Fengwang
cheng.
MAY REACH PORT ARTHUR,
Russian Vice Admirals Are Notified
That Communication Is Open.
PARIS, May 10 fc — The St. Peters
bury correspondent ojL^thft,, Echo de
Paris says: Vice Adrnaraii0krydloff and
Vice Admiral BezerfHLzon! i ,-}iajve' -.been
notified of the res'ijunption t of com
munication with P6« :AxthuV so" ? that
they may attempt tof TefiejbL.tnat-pJace.
Military circles afllrm that the rela
tions between ViceiToy \Alexieff : arid
General Kuropatkln ? are'.strtiined, the
former wishing to "share in: the plan
ning of future operations. ; •
TAKES RED CIROSS FUNDS.
Russian General I<i>st\s in Speculation,
but Empress Makes Good.
BERLIN, May 10i — Die Post i>ub-
lishes a news agency dispatch from
St. Petersburg which says that Gen
eral Schwedoff lost| over half a million
dollars through srje<;ul4tion in stocks
and took the moin^y from the Red
Cross treasury. \In ord«r to avoid
scandal the Empress Dowager, who is
the protectress ojf the Red Cross So
ciety and a frien<d jof ' General Schwe
doff, reimbursed ih.5 sum. .
The dispatch further says that
Prince Galltzin and Count Lansky
have also been guilty of irregularities
in connection with the. Red Crosa
management. / -' v
HONOLULU,. May 10.— Tha United 8tat«9
crui««r New Tork. with Rear Admiral Henry
Glass en board, and the gunboat Benniortoa
have arrived here from. Panama.
LONDON. May 10.— Baron Suye
matsu, son-in-law of Marquis Ito and
former Japanese Minister of the In?
terior, who lately arrived here by way
of the United States, in the course dt
an interview to-day with reference to
the fears expressed on the continent
as to the effect of -Japanese successes
on Japan's policy after the war, de
clared emphatically that Japan's pol
icy is well defined and her success will
make no difference. The future status
of Korea would be that of a Japanese
Cuba or a Japanese Egypt. Russia
will not be allowed the least, political
or territorial hold there. Regarding
Manchuria, Japan desires no rights
there beyond what are enjoyed by the
other powers.
Manchuria will be given back to
China under conditions^ Possibly Man
churia may be made a buffer State
under China's sovereignty. Discussing
China's neutrality, M. Suyematsu said
the chief danger was Russia, which
was either willingly or unconsciously
irritating the Chinese, thus tending to
a breach of neutrality. He did not be
lieve that any change in China's at
titude would involve France or Ger
many In the' issues of the war, and
concluded with declaring that Japan's
aims were perfectly legitimate, her
policy being to Insure absolute-freedom
for all the powers in the Far East, and
no Occidental power need' have the
slightest anxiety that Japan will suf
fer from "swelled head" as a result
of the conflict.
Russian. Embassador at Washington
Learns of Situation at Port Arthur.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— Count
Cassini, the Russian Embassador, has
received a dispatch from St. Peters
burg saying that Viceroy Alexieff tel
egraphed the Emperor that railroad
communication with Port Arthur was
restored during the night of May 9-10
and that the telegraph line is being
repaired.
NEWS REACHES CASSIXI.
The same correspondent says that
the sole object of the Japanese foreign
loan is to secure a gold currency sys
tem and to maintain the convertibility
of notes. The loan will not be used
to finance the war and, therefore, the
entire proceeds will be kept as a cur
rency • reserve, probably in London.
The Standard's correspondent at
Tientsin considers that the procedure
of the Chinese Government requires
careful observation. He says he does
not desire to appear as an alarmist, but
he thinks that China's military activity
and .the accumulation - of -,• funds at
Peking are not entirely upconnected
with the Russian scare, and that the
powers *would be .wise '.to, strengthen
their "positions unobtrusively and' to
watch every movement closely, i
I LONDON, May 11.— The Shanghai
: correspondent of' the Morning Post,
¦ under date of May. 10, says that the
, Japanese army is advancing in three
I divisions— the first from Fengwang-
( cheng toward Liaoyang, the -Seco-nd
from Poladien and Chuchon to Yung
yaocheng, and the third from Kujien
cheng to Kuliensin with the object of
severing communication with the rear
of Llaoyang, where only small prepar
ations foT defense have been made.
Spenser Wilkinson, .in an article in
the Morning Post, thinks there is iio
.inherent probability in . the foregoing
suggestion. Two armies are advanc
ing against General Kuropatkln from.
Fengwangcheng and from Port Adams
1 via Kaiping and the third to Kuroki's
right with a view of turntng the Rus
sian left, but Mr. Wilkinson adds it is
impossible to say whether the Shang
hai dispatch is based on guesswork or
on authentic information.
The correspondent of the Times at
Tokio says it appears that the capture
of Fengwangcheng.; was effected, not
by the troops which fought on the
Yalu, but by a mixed brigade under
Major General Sasaki, which, march-'
ing eastward, on April 20,' crossed the
Yalu at Chengseng ana moved on
Fengwangcheng by a mountain road.
The correspondent says that General
Kuroki has issued a general order re
minding the troops that they were not
fighting against the Chinese, but
against the Russians, and insisting on
the utmost consideration for the
Chinese, who had been reduced to a
pitiable condition -by the presence of
the Russian forces %nd were now
obliged to endure the passage of , the
Japanese army.
WASHINGTON. May 10.— Russia's
protest to the United States against
the action of the Japanese in firing on
the Red Cross train from Port Arthur
May 6 and striking two of the 200
wounded aboard, was sent to the State
Department to-night by Count Cassini,
the Russian Embassador, in a note to
the Secretary of State. Similar pro
tests have been addressed to all the
powers signatory to The Hague ' and
Geneva conventions. In his note Count
Cassini merely states that- by direction
of his Government he respectfully calls
to the attention of the Washington
Government this action of the Jap
anese, which the Russian Government
is compelled to regard as an open vio
lation of the Geneva and The Hague
conventions.
"There are some cases of dysentery
and smallpox and several cases of ty
phus in the Mukden hospital, but there
has beemno application for more sur
geons nor for special remedies or ser
um, and it is entirely misleading to
say that epidemics exist. Smallpox and
typhus are endemic in. Manchuria and
dysentery is inevitable where . large
lodies of men are crowded together.
There is nothing alarming in the sit
uation."
ST. PETERSBURG, May 10.— Russia
has protested to the Powers signatory
of The Hague and Geneva conven
tions against the action of the Japan
ese in firing on the Red Crosa trains
from Port Arthur May 6, when of 200
sick and wounded on the cars two were
struck by the Japanese bullets.
The general staff is authority for the
statement that the health of the Rus
sian troops is exceptionally good,.con
sidering: the filthy Chinese hovels along
the line of march, which it is some
times impossible to keep the men from
entering. The total number of cases
in the hospitals does not exceed 1 per
cent of the Russian forces. The con
dition of Mukden Is no worse than
other places.
The following statement was made
to-day regarding the reported epidem
ics at Mukden:
Japanese Troops Cautioned
Not to Fight Against
the Chinese.
Former Minister of the In
„ terior Speaks of the Is
. sues at Stake.
Record of American Com
manding Officer at Che
mulpo Given to Public.
Soldiers of the Czar Are
Declared to Be in Splen
did Health.
Skii'inish on Bank of a River
Gives Opportunity to
Sharpahooters.
GfeneralV Object to Sever
," Communication With
, v. l\eaT of Liaojang.
Success Will Not Change the
Present Purpose of Mi
kado's > Go vernment. • /
Firing on Red Cross Train bj
the Japanese Causes a
Protest, y
Bureau of Navigation Takes
Notice of lieport of Kus
sian Minister.
KUROKI'S
PLAN FOR
SUCCESS
KOREANS
FIRE UPON
COSSACKS
JAPANESE
POLICY IS
CLEAR CUT
RUSSIANS
COMPLAIN
TO POWERS
VICKSBURG
INCIDENT IS
EXPLAINED
THREE JAPANESE DIVISIONS ADVANCING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, 'MAY 11, 1904;
"The only means which the coun
tries of Latin America have of sav
ing themselves from dismemberment,
such as Colombia has suffered by the
separation of Panama and of nullify
ing the danger . of falling victims. to
"manifest destiny," proclaimed by
President McKinley and realized by
President Roosevelt with universal ap
plause, is to put an end once for all,
as Chile, Brazil, Mexico and Argentina
have done, to civil war.
"With these ideas in view I have
avoided war in Panama. I a/n now
going to my country to work for its
reconstruction on a serious and re
spectable basis and to aid in the con
struction of the isthmian canal. This
canal is of greater interest to Colom
bia .than to the United States."
CARACAS, Venezuela, May 10. —
Much satisfaction is expressed at the
results of the recent visit of General
Rafael Reyes, President-elect of Co
lombia, to Venezuela. Besides being
about the resumption of consular re
lations between Venezuela and Colom
bia, which have been ruptured' for
several years, General Reyes sounded
a note of, warnjng against the United
States.' A notable incident of the visit
was the dinner given by Mr. Herbosa,
the Chilian minister ' at Caracas rto
General Reyes. While other nations
were represented,, no member, of the
United States legation was present.
When General Reyes arrived at
Macuto he said:
REYES DECRIES
UNITED STATES
2
ADVERTISEiEENTS.
NEW ADVEBTlSEJtEKTSb-' •
UISCALLr D . "KAIB TOXICS."
Xort Hair Preparations ' Arc. Merely
Scalp Irritant s.. of JS"o Value.
Most hair preparations are merely
Fscalb irritants, miscalled "hahv tonics."
When hair is brittle, lusterlees and be-
gins to fall out. the dandruff germ is
ffetttr.g in its deadly . work at the root,
sapping: the vitality. Since science dis-
covered that dandruff Js a eerm disease
there has been only one. preparation put
on the market that, will actually destroy
thc dandruff perm, and that Is Xewbro's
Iterpicide. . It quickly reduces scalp
fever, destroys the germ; and the falling
hair stops, and hair prows luxuriantly.
Ask your dru^ist for Herpicide. It al-
lays itching instantly and permits the
hair to crow. Sold by leading druggists.
Send 30c in stamps for sample to The
Horplclde Co.. Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
Jf or Infanta and Children.
The Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Bears the /T?
glgTxatare of fitc&&/bZ
I
the
It "is a fact, generally
conceded by physicians,
pharmacists, and even bv
competitors, that Hood's
Sarsaparilla is the most
effective medicine ever
devised for the complete
purification of the blood,
and the complete renova-
tion of .the whole system.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
SoM everywhere, get it:to-day.
. —————
Don't waste money am
don't take chances in buy in <
promiscuously. Schilling's Be; \
are entirely safe; at your gro-
cer's ; ypjur money r goes f farther.",
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ARE YOUR JODNEYS WEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It*
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
/ It used to be considered that only urinary j££$$&$&!^
... srA bladder troubles were to be traced to :he
kidneys, 1>;U now modern science proves that j|||!trrt^gj?'
nearly al] diseafes have '.heir beginning in *C!&jlj&j#S|%
thc disorder of these most important organs. f^'Wjl
The kidneys filter and purify the blood— ||w$!
that is their work. P^ifrly
Therefore, when your kidneys are week or '?M?*i§:
out of order, you can understand how quick- |l|Ii|Ni$&
ly your entire body is affected, and how ev- J&|^£*ns£\
fry organ seems to fail to do its, duty. , ' „ i(llP^P^Il^
If you are sick or "feel badly." bej?in taking
the err,-.- kidney remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- J^^^^^^^^SS^^^.
Root, because as soon as your kidneys begin • jjJ^^^BMBp^a|ft^^|^
to frel Setter they- will help all the other or- I !
pan' 10 health. A trial will convince any one. r ; ti'T'.i;raS§ {a?
I cheerfully recommend and ladorse. tb« Great Egm! I JT^ t - tt mi?»-c liipsl
Semedy. Dr. ICUmtr'i Svunp-Scot, fcr kidney |fsSl OK. MUWK a » U
trouble and bai liver. I have u»ed it and derived j20m OWAHfn DAAW $$%£¦
prest benctt from it. I Delievt n hei cared xa« ||ft3 S W AMf-KUlJ 1 P <«
*-*:.-e:y ct kidney and liver trouble, from which Bs3§ u "" lu * "vv* &^
I suffered terribly. bUsI Kldnay.Ltnr & fcjajdsr m*
Mcst ffratcftOly youri, Erasl ""CURE. &'*>
A. E. Heyaold*. Chief of Police. ($£$1 directions. » •$
. Columbus, QtL. fesX*! »iT»ioir, t»oer tw» k? >«j :
Weak am! unhealthy kidneys arc responsible &*£& ZZfcTJX'ftiZtfZ* 9 '- * f '"' m $ * i
for many k::id'? of diseases, and if permitted R§a|I ckM.i4Ji«»»rcordio*tei>r». « £ :
to continue much suffering and fatal results §j||3 u fbiu» Mm \
are sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates Kt§8i ¦•' •"••*• •*•** "" "°° w £ fe ]
. the nerves, makes you diz7y, restless, sleep- PPm "**?**" ** I f
I<«s and irritable/ Makes you pass water often HgijSl tS*.^|5Ti, l S^fJ'i-*" §§
during the csv and obliges you to ft,et up jtfrafl Ac *' imhfn »»4 <i»»rd>rr| e ||
maay tirr.es durmg" the "night. Unhealthy kid- Pj§' ™.".*hTuhi*Ji!S!E:£™? II
-revs cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of thc !§|lj§ 2^Si"."wiJ."™ t ?rk *"* iSI '
•bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints tij£|« ••>-«forniiifkMee»<ii>e«i«. fflm '<
zv.d mu<=clesr make, your head ache and back fcfli '"UlT^.W'w B !
ache: cause indigestion, stomach and liver glfa DR. EIMER l Jk*CO. f If $ i
trouble; vou pet a sallqw, yellow complex- B^» binciu.mton. n. y.*' m.% j
i°::: make roii.feel as though you had heart |||]§1 SoM by all Druggist*. || |^ |
trouble; you nay have nlenty of* ambition, br.t gii! — j| *k j
no strength: get weak, and. waste away. l^^^^^^»l^^|gp#^fJ
• cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's ' HH^Bf^^^^k ;
• Swamp- Root, the world-famous kidney rem- i
edy. In takirg Swamp-Root you afford g^^^C^^g^l^^^^ I
natural help, to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the a— iMItf hWtiitXRManmritr .
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- «fiw»njp-Koot i» pir*s*nt to t»ke.>
. neys that is -'known to medical science. ¦ '_'
How to Find Out ." j&JSS aIready con "
•Tf there is any doubt in your mind as to Tmccd that Swam P- Root IS
Votir condition, take from your urine on ris- what you need, you can pur-
inc about fonr ounces, place it in a class or l .1. 1 rr»
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours If chaSe thc re * ular fift >- cent
on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there and one-dollar size bottles
is a bnck-dust settling, or if small narticlec t- a
flcat abort in it. your kidneys are in need of at the d ™* StOr " eVCry *
immediate attention. where. Don't make any mis-
, Swsmp- Root is pleasant to take and is used take , but remcrn ber the
m the leading hospitals, recommended by
physicians in their private practice, and is name t Swamp-Root. Dr. Kil-
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- mer ' s Swamp- Root, and the
ney ailments, because they recognize in it the
jrreatest and most succersful remedy for kid- address Binghamton, N. Y.,
ney. liver and bladder trouble?. " on every bottle.
• \h™™°*£Z e S?^7^otk)AV£ n ili' Swam P-R°<* in promptly curing even
/wnr^rfLlmlrltivmimnJ h«vi « «vi£ er .. Or b^dder troubles, that to prove its
v?luV and *™« of "iS™ n£? received from men and women cured. The
SSdS^M Y - The T °? til* ™* *er™£l 'offer^n TheTan Kran-
. thli oftvr. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness of
DB. KIL-dEB'S SWAMP-BOOT,
Doings at ROOS BROS:
Special Values in
Children's Wash Suits
C These nobby Sailor Suits are now thc most season-
able togs for the little ones of 3 to 10 years. . .
Unusually attractive lines in Crash, Ducks and Gala-
teas; all the; latest spring novelties; washable colors.
f50c 75c $1.00 $1.50
Higher priced ones, too, of. course.
AjSPECIAL LINE OF
Pants Suits
I At H0.00
O. One of our strongest and most attractive lines for
boys and young men of 1 2 to 19 years. Suits with
vests* also Outing Suits without vests. . ..•.-• .
C-In Fancy Tweeds and Homespuns; snappy effects;
mannish styles; broad shoulders; both peg top and
regular trousers. Some with turned-up bottoms.
KEARNY AT POSTTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1904.
3
fF YOU do not have us make your clothes you are paying more
1T*~\ . f e a^ove statement is convincingly proven by the
c^^^^^^^^^^i if e a " our c ' ot^ direct from the largest woolen mills *
in America. We are the only retail firm on this Coast who can /^^^^^m^
buy direct from the mills. No tailor in the West can buy as we • pM J i|p^B f
. t^^^^^^^^^^^^ I do. His business is not large enough. He must buy from the J M^-MM^^^
: k^ I e save you t ' le twent y^ ive percent the other tailors
j-^^^^S^^iif )l are forced to pay the jobbers before they can get the cloth.
i I Through a large volume of business we can operate with 1^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
l^^^^^^^^^dl less running expenses than a small establishment. The profit of
i other tailors is fully ten per cent more than ours.
In ordering your clothes here you save thirty-five per cent. , "'' ':^^^ ; '^,^\
' Think of it! You save a third. The suit we make for $20 will JiEaS
I Suits to Order $ 10.00 I iil^^^i
/^^jn M0^W I^J^^ as to e em P'°y 8^od cutters and tailors and they ||||
5§f1i 1^ work under our supervision. Not a garment goes outside .^^d^^^fcu &*&*&*
L il^^Pl suit at no extra charge or refund your money if preferable to you. ; .^^^^^^ftBiil S
l^^^^S^^^^^H ments in repair free. Furthermore, we will sponge and press the fl 1
V^==3^B 1^^^^ assortment of materials comprises every .weave known f^aMrBI
\]~^^^B«^^sP to woolen fabrics. Just now we are showing hundreds of Us^^Sp^p^^p
• • ®^^^ pretty patterns for spring and summer wear. Selecting a . m
fir J^^^P pattern is easily done — in such an assortment you are sure to HtepfiN «R
find just what you want. We have a number of salesmen and lift
Taking the measure. CUtterS, SO that no CUStOmer I*S Unnecessarily detained. . Trying on the coat
: t^w^/^. . The p rjces mnge from $[0 t0 $35. In this range every & f^****-*.
' man's price is represented.
I i-'^^l Let us again ask: Will you buy your clothes from S. N. _^_ . (^a^— »
'P ! I Wood & Co., or will you go elsewhere and pay more money? U Es^^. ffl •iTijjij L^ 5^
JS^^^^^s^S Ck^' T^ satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers by
»^^^^^M.. Ci our self-measuring system. Write for blank and samples. S^^^^SM^^^
We have plenty of light patterns suitable for wear in the in-
. terior whei *e the weather is warm. In writing please' address M^^^^B
. : • • : Cor; Powell and Eddy S£s. T^£^^
ADVEBHSEMEina% NEW ORLEANS, La., May 10.—
Probably the \ first direct "develop
ment' effect" to be made in the-. Louis
iana territory as a result of the Lousi
iana Purchase Exposition is the «emi-,
official | recognition given by* the Jap
anese commission to the immigration
movement from Japan' to' the rice 1
Japanese Are to Establish Colonies in
Louisiana and Texas.
EXPOSITION BRINGS RESULTS.
Tucson Hotel Burned.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 10.— Fire to
day destroyed the Ramona Hotel and
damaged several -adjoining . buildings
here. The loss is $20,000. with lnsur
jance on the buildings and contents
, amounting to J14, 000. '
HONOLULU, May 4.— Uncle Sam
has just lost about $4000 in customs
duties through a decision by the board
of general appraisers.- About two
years ago a Japanese imported some
jelly in tins, which- the customs of
ficials classified as confectionery, sub
ject to a duty of 4 cents a pound and
15 per cent ad valorem. The importer
contended that it was an article for
which no provision had been made in
the tariff schedule and that it should
be assessed only at 20 per cent duty.
An appeal waa taken and the importer
has been sustained.
Special Correspondence.
Honolulu Appraisers Decide Against
. Custom Collection on Jelly.
GOVERNMENT LOSES REVENUE.
BUDAPEST, Hungary May 10. —
Finance Minister de Lukacs presented
the budget for 1904 in the Diet to-day.
The expenditure is estimated at $238,
016.924. or $21,580,000 above that; of
1903. The revenue is estimated at
$238,138,389.
Hungary Budget Increased.
¦At a meeting of the California State
Board of Trade yesterday Secretary
Fletcher reported that 100 tourists,
representative of business interests in
all sections of California, will start on
the Board of Trade's excursion to St.
Louis by special train of Pullmans
next Friday.- Secretary Fletcher also
suggested that it might be well to run
additional trains to the exposition at
St. Louis next fall. This has been sug
gested by business men. no
difficulty in filling two trains.
"l^It'has been aimed at to have arep
resentatlve business party and not to
overcrowd the cars, but simply to
have everything as/ comfortable as
possible. The special train will- -be
decorated with banners. It has been
thought possible to make even better
time to St. Louis than waa at first
proposed.
Secretary. Fletcher was instructed to
go to St. Louis -.with' the 'special party.
Manager Briggs was notpresent at the
meeting and several matters went over
until : the next regular meeting of the
board for action.
Large Party of Business Men. Joins
Board of Trade Excursion to ,.,-
St. Louis.
PARIS. May 10. — The Redemptor
istfl, one of the few remaining religious
congregations, were expelled to-day
from their monastery here. A com
pany of firemen had been assembled to
scale the wall in case of resistance, but
no opposition waa made! The authori
ties occupied the building and the
members of the order retired.
Firemen Ready Execute Order
if Redemptorists Offered Any
Resistance.
RELIGIONISTS AltE EXPELLED
FROM FRENCH MONASTERY
BERLIN, May 10. — Captain Danne
hsker, the correspondent in German
Fouthwest Africa of the Lokal An
zeiger, cables from Windhoek that the
number of soldiers suffering from
typhus fever in the hospitals at Otji
hainena. Windhoek, Okahanya and
Karihib is 173.
Typhus Fever in Afriea.
CHICAGO, May 10.— A special
train on the Northwestern Railroad
carrying a party of business men from
Lincoln, Neb., "on a tour of the State,
made a record run to-day between
Fremont and Norfolk Junction. The
distance is eighty-one mile3 and th»
actual running time was sixty min
utes.
Business Men Touring the State Travel
at Rate of More Than a Mile
a Minute. .
NORTHWESTERN TRAIN MAKES
RAPID TIME IN NEBRASKA
DUBLIN. May 10.— Richard Croker,
former boss of Tammany Hall, New
York, is now a familiar figure at the
Irish race meetings. He informed his
friends at the Cork Park meeting that
he intended to end his days as a Dub
lin man. He has almost completed
the purchase of the late Judge Mur
phy's handsome residence, about four
miles from this 'city. '» : '
Former Tammany Boss Is Arrang
ing to Purchase a Home Near
City of Dublin.
CROKER ATTENDS ALL RACES
AND WILL STAY IN IRELAND
World's I 'air Ambulance Attendant
Roughly Handled and Sent to
Hospital.
WORKMEN ATTACK SURGEON ¦
WHO REFUSES TO TAKE BODY
ST. LOUIS, May 10. — A bar of iron
fell from the top of the Ferris wheel
at the World's Fair to-day, striking a
laborer on the head and kiliinsr him
instantly.
Dr. Edward Lewis responded from
the Emergency Hospital in an ambu
lance and upon arriving, finding the
laborer dend. refused to take the. body
to the hospital, suggesting that th«»
Morgue wagon be called. This anger
ed the laborer's 100 fellow workmen,
who knocked Dr. Lewis down and beat
and kicked him. He was taken away
as a patient in his own ambulance.
Yukoner Under Arrest.
ST. LOUIS, May 10. — Deputy Unit
ed States Marshal Louis Wild and W.
H. Walsh, chief of the mounted Do
minion police of the Northwest Ter
ritory, arrived in St. Louis to-night
with Isaac Burpee, who was arrested
in the Western part of Gasconade
County on a charge of larceny and
embezzlement preferred by a former
partner named Ernest Schoff, with
whom Burpee, it is alleged, did busi
ness in Duncan Creek, Yukon Terri
tory, near Dawsbn. v .*.
General Sanborn Is III.
ST. PAUL, Minn., May 10. — General
John B. "Sanborn, brother of Judge W.
B. Sanborn, United States Circuit
Court of Appeals, is critically 111.'
Will Demolish Castle.
BELGRADE, May 10. — The Gov
ernment has decided to demolish the
old palace which was the scene of the
murder of King Alexander and Queen
Draga.
ANNAPOLIS. May 10.— The Naval Examin
ing Board has accepted James N. Sutton of
Oregon for cfldet at the Naval Academy.
FLETCHER REPORTS THAT
ONE HUNDRED ARE GOING
cided that the great. bear banner, that
was to float over one end of the Cali
fornia wine exhibit cannot be permit
ted, as it would obstruct the view.
Commissioner Haber is satisfied with
the verdict, as he acknowledges the
banner would have been an obstruction.
It is forty feet long and ten feet wide,
and bears on its golden surface a huge
brown bear done in silk plush. Instead
of this banner will be used the grape
garlands, which will extend from the
top of the central column to the corner
pieces and bear clusters of every va
riety of grapes grown in California,
with gilded Chianti bottles hung among
the foliage Mr. Haber is now prepar
ing a pamphlet on the grape industry
of California, which will be printed
with ornamental covers in San Fran
cisco and be distributed at the fair.
Samuel Butler, who has charge of
Nevada County's beautiful mineral dis
play, has received a letter from Wil
liam Loeb Jr.. the 'President's secre
tary, to the effect that the cabinet of
nuggets and gold quartz presented by
that county to Mr. Roosevelt on his
trip to California has been shipped.
This will be known as the "President's
Cabinet," and it is thought it will .be
come one of the proper things to see,
because of the fact that it is of great
beauty. That county will show .a nug
get worth $340. Nuggets and quartz
studded with gold make up the "Presi
dent's Cabinet." It is a. creditable dis
play of one section of California's min
erals. • -v -;i ¦
growing country in Louisiana and
Texas. About the 1st of Jun^ a num
ber of Japanese now in St. Louis will
leave for Louisiana and Texas for a
trip through the. rice country. About
the same. time a party of more than
100 Japanese who are now en route
from Japan for San Francisco will
reach Houston. The latter will settle
in the rice country and become Vice
farmers. Two members of *hls part}*,
it is said. ( are bringing with them
more than $100,000 each to purchase
rice lands and start Japanese colo
ries.
RErnofitHrrcoN oF'.oamfornia'S^cai'itoi.. at sacramen^o on the
i WORLKS FAIR GROUNDS IX ST. LOUIS. WHICH IS ONE OF THE FEAi
TURKS OF THE STATE EXHIBIT. • •. . . •
ROME, May 10. — Cardinal Satolli.
former papal delegate to the United
States* leaves for America on May 27.
Speaking to-day he said:
"I have always desired to revisit the
scenes of my early career. I love
America like a second fatherland, I
desire to announce that m>\ visit is
unofficial and that I have no mission
of any kind. The Pope has merely
granted me a leave of absence for two
months."
Cardinal Satolli Has Leave of Ab
sence, but Trip Will Be of Un
oflicial Nature.
FORMER DELEGATE OF HOME I
., JS TO REVISIT, AMERICA
NEW YORK, May 10. — H. K. Pom
eroy, the new president-of the Stock
Exchange, took. his office to-day.- In
his inaugural address he touched upon
the alleged Improper relations of some
members with outside houses. He,re
gretted tha't among the large- member
ship were some men who seemed to
care more for private gain than for
the good name of the exchange and
their own integrity. He calls upon
the members to eradicate this evil.
President Pomeroy's speech was re
ceived in silence and created a pro
found impression in many quarters.
Although nothing was said by him re
garding an investigation into the op
eration of offending members, it is
known that an inquiry is in progress.
Improper Conduct of Members in New
Yoxk Commented on by New
President.
STOCK EXCHANGE MEN
MAKE SECRET INQUIRY
CHICAGO, May 10. — After nearly
forty years the Palmer House has
passed from the hands of the Palmer
family into the control of the Chicago
Hotel Company, recently incorporated.
Mrs. Potter Palmer and the other
heirs to the estate will have an inter
est in the corporation.
The transfer of control of the hou»I
itself in no manner affects the real
estate. The company merely lease*
the hostelry. Its officers are Willj*
Howe, president, and Edwin Palmer,
a distant relative of Potter Palmer.
who is secretary and treasurer. Both
have been connected with the man
agement 6t the hotel for a long timm.
Forty Years.
Well Known Chicago Hotel Trans«
f erred to New Owners After
PALMEIl HOUSE PASSES
OVER TO CORPORATION
LONDON, May 10. — The question of
the domicile of William Lewis Winans,
formerly of Baltimore, Md., who died
In London on June 25, 1S97, leaving a
large fortune, was decided to-day by
the House of Lords in favor of the
family.
It was appealed from the decision of
the lower courts, that Winans was a
British subject, and that the authori
ties were entitled to collect a death
duty on his estate. The House of
Lords in giving t judgment expressed
doubt as to whether Winans intended
to abandon his American domicile, but
said the. crown certainly had not made,
out a conclusive case.
House of Lords Gives Judgment in
Favor of the Family of
the Deceased.
PEEKS OF BRITAIN
DECIDE WINANS CASE
CHICAGO, May 10. — When the
committee on credentials recommend
ed the unseating of a delegate to-day
at the General Conference of the Afri
can Methodist Episcopal Church half
of the members of the conference
jumped to their feet demanding the
floor. The committee on credentials
recommended that C. S. Lone of Or
lando, Fla.. be unseated as a delegate
from the Windward Island Conference
and that Richard E. Moore of Chicago
be seated. Bishop C. S. Smith ob
tained the floor and attempted to
make an explanation, 'but was hissed
and cried down by the delegates.
••W-; are acting like a lot of mon
keys." shouted J. I. Lowe of Arkan
sas, "and I think it is tim* tha negroes
v or? i*iirnlnir sf'Hie s»»s»"
The confusion became great, but
the chairman by vigorous use of his
gavel restored order. The question
presented by the committee on cre
dentials was referred to a special
committee for consideration.
African Branch of Creed lias Tem
pestuous Session During Cliioago
Meeting
DELEGATES HISS A BISHOP
OP 3IETHODIST CONFERENCE
Count Oriola thought that the fact
that only seven of the thirty-six pic
tures taken from the galleries and sent
to St. Louis were painted after 1892
proved that the Government had not
been successful in filling the vacancy
caused by slighting the impressionists.
BERLAM, May 10.— The Reichstag to
day again intervened in the long quar
rel of the German art factions which j
the preparations for the. art exhibit at !
the St. Louis Exposition forced upon
public attention. The impressionists
have ajways bitterly resented the Em- |
peror's partiality for the classical
school, but lacked the occasion to ap- .
peal to the Reichstag until, as they
claimed, the action of the Government j
rendered their participation in the St. |
Louis exhibit impossible. i
There have been many debates in the j
Reichstag on the subject, but until to- j
day no opportunity was found for ac- j
tion. A resolution adopted almost urian- :
imously demanding funds voted for art ,
purposes be expended among the repre- j
sentatives of the various tendencies >ac
cording to just principles. ;
Deputy Arendt criticized the sending '
to St. Louis of a picture by Frank Stuck i
after the Reichstag had refused to al- ¦
low It to be hung in its precincts.
Count von Posadowsky-Wehner, the :
Home Secretary, answered amid laugh- j
ter that the picture cost $7500. and he
hoped it would find a. purchaser in the j
United States. "
•A receiving order in bankruptcy was ¦
i*-sued against Ernest Terah Hocley j
Jun* 8. lbSS. Hooley at that time was j
the biggest company promoter in Great j
Britain. He was prominently inter
ested in bicycle, land and meat ex
tiartion concerns and was supposed
t» bo a multi-millionaire. He reached
the pinnacle of his prominence in 1896, !
jvhen he promoted a tire company, as I
the result of whU-h he was supposed j
to have cleared Jir.500,000. At that j
time he was living a sort of Count of
Monte Cristo existence, buying yachts
"and race horse? and a number of his
toric country soats.
The announcement of the banferupt
•cy proceedings against Hooley caused
a gx<-at sensation in London, though in i
rhe best infer med quarters his failure j
had been expected for some time, ow- j
ing to his inability to float a large j
Chinese loan. Eventually Hooley was i
formally adjudged bankrupt. The cap
itals of the companies promoted by
Hooley up to 189$ aggregated sixty mil- '
lion to sixty-five million
On. Auerust 10 last application was j
made to a*Ix)ndon magistrate for "a
warrant for the arrest of Hooley on
the charge of frauulently and by false
pretenses obtaining signatures to :
checks and bills of exchange amount- '
ing to over 8650.000. The magistrate re- !
served his decision. Previously, on Au- i
gust 5, the directors of public prose- :
cutions had been instructed to inves- j
tigate some of the transactions of Hoo- j
ley in connection with a sapphire mine j
situated in Canada,
Hooley and Lawson were subsequent- !
!y brought u^i at Bow street Police •
Court, counsel for the prosecution, j
which is undertaken by the Public Pro- •
pecutor. saying the prisoners werj j
charged with defrauding A. J. Prine j
of $50,000 by selling him sharesof Si- !
berian gold mines and other worthless j
concerns. Further charges, counsel I
added, would probably follow. The j
magistrate offered to accept bail in
$60,000 each, but that of Hooley was
finally fixed at $40,000. Lawson's bail
was fixed at $50,000. with three sure
ties, who have not l»»en found, so Law
eon remains in custody.
•BOSTON, May 10.— Ernest Terah j
Hooley's enterprises at one time ex- I
tended to this State. He established j
branch factories of his extensive Eng
lish bicycle manufacturing plants in •
Worcester County about a dozen years J
ego to supply the American trade. !
When the bicycle business was at its j
b^st Hooley's concerns were run /light !
and day. but eventually they were in- |
volved in the general collapse.
LONDON*, May 10.— Ernest Terah
Hooley, whose meteoric carper and
company promotions a few year* ag<>
astonished the financial world, was ar
rested in London to-day on a charge
of. conspiracy to defraud. Hooley's co
loFsal bankruptcy and the proceedings
j=iis:ng therefrom were the sensation
of 1S9S. Since then he has been con
nected with various promotions, some
of which led to court proceedings.
Hfnry J. Lawson. another company
promoter, was also arrested to-day in
connection with the Hooley charges.
A violent tumult among the soldiers
at Port au Prince resulted in a genera!
panic and the rumor was then circu
lated that a revolution had begun.
President Nord has decided to resist
energetically any movement looking t<*
a revolution and strong measures have
been taken to this end. There is n
panic in general business circles ami
several larjre houses are likely to sus
rend.
ST. THOMAS. D. TV. I.. May 10.— The
German cruisers Vineta, Gazelle. Falk
and Panther, which tvere to have sailed
to-day for Newport Nv.vs, will leav
instead for Port an Prince. Ilaytl.
WASHINGTON. May 10.—Confirma
tion of the reported movement of thff
German war vessels has reached here
from S*t. Thomas, it being stated that
one vessel already has departed for
Port au Prince and that others were
coaling for the same trip. This move
ment was made on advices that hart!
fighting was going on in Haytl, but n-/
particulars are furnished.
CAPE HAYTIEN. May 10.— While the
rumor that a revolution has broken
out in Haytl is false, there is gen
ersJ discontent in the republic and a
revolution is momentarily looked for.
General Albert Salnave. notwith
standing the warning given him by
the Dominican Government, has not
withdrawn and continues to gather
many followers on the frontier
the Haytian Government has ordered
a heavy concentration of forces. Many
partisans of General Ftrmln. the head
of the last revolution, who is in Paris,
have crossed the frontier and combined
their forces with those of Salnave.
Companies With Many Mil
lions Capital Organized,
but Later Are Failures
German Cruisers Hasten to
Port au Prince to Be on
Hand in Event of Trouble
PARIS. May 10.— Le Patrle to-day
publishes the text of the Pope's letter
to President Loubet, in which his Holi
ness takes exceptions to the President's
neglect of the Vatican during his trip
to Rome. The letter is an energetic
and dignified protest against Loubet's
neglect of the Pontiff as Christ's Vicar
on earth. Continuing, his Holiness de
plores the anti-clerical movements in
Europe and expresses the hope that the
church's prestige will be restored. The
letter concludes with an exhortation to
Loubet as a "dear son in Christ," to
use the r>ower of his authority and his
personal magnanimity to maintain
"concordant integrally."
President of French Repub
lic Is Exhorted to Use
His Personal Magnanimity
Picturcs Sent to St. Louis
Are Ridiculed as Not Be
ing the Best of Classics
. BEAR FLAG; IS. BARRED. ..
The fair management has finally de-
Harry Reynolds, the well-known San
Francisco detective, Is here to keep
the St.' Louis Police Department post
ed on the bad men of the California
metropolis. From every big city of
the country is sent to the fair a de
tective who haB earned a reputation
for keep work in rounding iip crim
inals. Each^of . these Is paid by the
exposition company, and a close track
is kept of the men of evil deeds who
have become sufficiently proficient in
their calling to be subject to police
surveillance.* Detective Reynolds has
already been of service to the St. Louis
police, many crooks from' all over the
country being known to him. The main
body of criminals who will dishonor
the fair with their presence Is not
here yet, and San Francisco will have
a creditable lack of representation in
that line, owing to distance and ,the
fact that the greater centers of popu
lation maintain more of the class who
live by criminal methods.
Senator Perkins has been among the
' California exhibits every : day 'of '-his
stay here,- and is thoroughly; pleased
with the showing made.- He says Cal
ifornia will reap great benefit 'from
the advertising received at this .'expo
sition. •¦¦¦.:-' : '
ST. LOUIS. May 10.— The people of the
¦world, and of the Eastern States of the
American Union especially, are going
to learn before the fair at St. Louis
comes to a close' that there is such a
place an Sacramento on the map: that
it is the capital of the State of Califor
nia and a bustling, growing commer
cial city and that it is the center of a
region that for fertility and variety of
products is not equaled anywhere out
side "of California. Satisfied with her
great resources and the wealth of her
surrounding territory, Sacramento has
not heretofore pursued to any great
extent the policy of heralding to the
world the story of her own importance
and th» riches that lie in all parts of
the great. valley that bears her name.
Settlers have come and a prosperous
growth has been experienced by the
city and valley, but now both are be
coming more ambitious and desire a
development greater than any hereto
fore experienced and ' commensurate
with what they have to offer to settlers.
There are thousands of acres of land j
becoming too valuable for cereal grow
ing, and the small farmer and varied
crops are needed. .
J. H. Divine and H. P. Rowley, rep
resenting the city of Sacramento at the
Worlds Fair, arrived here during the
week to co-operate v/ith Judge Wills,
Dr. Green and General Martine, who
represent the Sacramento Development
Association. All are now .energetically
at work for their section of the Stat».
TALKING ABOUT SACRAMENTO.
"We are for the whole State and for
the whole of the Sacramento Valley,"
said Mr. Devine, "but we are especially
going to let the world know that Sac
ramento is on the map. We have a
fine lively city that thrives and increas
es her business every year without any
particular boosting, but we want to
get all there is coming. Why, I've
met forty Eastern people here in two
days who had visited California but
had never Been Sacramento. We want
everybody who goes out there to see
the State's capital and if they knew
just what a fine city it was and what
a wonderful section surrounded it, they
wouldn't . miss going there. We will
talk to visitors to the fair and give
them literature and teach them what
a splendid home and business city we
have. ; If Sacramento can do it, she is
going to attract to herself the atten
tion that she deserves as the capital of
the State and one of the most prosper
ous cities in the United States. We
have a great future before us, but we
must cause people to come and see
what we have. Their common' sense
will.do the rest. No one can view the
riches of our section, without being im
pressed. The capital of California will
be' better known after this fair!"
M. Juwasky, a prominent merchant
of- Ventura, who has- been spending
seven months in Germany with his
daughter, passed through here last
week and visited the fair. He was
shown the Ventura display, which is
under the supervision of- George C
Dennis, a newspaper editor of that
county, and was delighted with it.
Mr. Dennis has arranged his exhibit
well and the principal feature, beans;
of which seventy-five varieties are dis
played, looms up in a manner that con
vinces visitors that Ventura cannot be
beaten in the growing of that article of
food. .. ¦•'. . . .
PROMINENT PEOPLE PRESENT.
Frank II. Ames, of the Ames Mercan
tile Company o£ San'. Francisco, is. here
with his wife. Charles «E. Benedict,
well known in Los Angeles and San
Francisco, is Introducing "a California
mineral water to the St. Louis public
and, the world, and is meeting with suc
cess. Carl E. Bundschu, son of tHe
San Francisco wine man, is also view
ing the fair.
Caiifornians here are wondering
whether San Francisco is -going to
open her building in the model city
with fitting ceremony, and are hoping
that the far Western metropolis will
give an opening that will be of benefit
to -her and the whole State as an ad
vertisement. . The other cities . having
buildings here are going to throw them
open with plenty of fanfare, accord
ing to present reports. Mayor Mc
j Clellan is scheduled to come down
when the New York structure receives
its first guests and the New Yorkers
have -, prepared for an elaborate cele
bration. Something will probabjy be
expected of San Francisco in this line
I by the fair visitors. A reception of a
| very creditable nature could be given
without great expense. Those, inter
ested in the city by the Golden Gate
are of the opinion, that money she aid
be raised to provide special features
in this building to attract visitors and
thus make the most of the opportunity
offered.
WATCHING FOR THIEVES.
BY PAUL- EDWARDS.
FUNDS TO BE DIVIDED
PANIC NOW PREVAILS
HISTORY OF HIS dvSE
DEPLORES CONDITIONS
Visitors to St. Louis Exposition Will Know More About
' California's Capital Than They Ever Suspected
Before Their Sightseeing at the Fair Is Ended
.Charges of Conspiracy to
Defraud Are 3Iade Against
Famous English Financier
Impressionists Take Excep
tion to Emperor's^Stand
and' Pass \v Resolution
His Holiness Takes Excep
tions -to Neglect of Holy
See While He Is in Kome
General Discontent Is Ap
parent on All Sides, but
Fighting Has Not Begun
ERNEST HOOLEY
UNDER ARREST
ART QUARREL
IN REICHSTAG
LOUBET HEARS
FROM THE POPE
RECOGNITION IS EXPECTED
FOR SACRAMENTO EXHIBITS
WAR THREATENS
HAYTI REPUBLIC
¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. MAY 11, 190^.
4
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
REGAL Dressing is a
two-minute shine. And
the lustre stays.
The heat of the foot evap-
orates the natural oily moist-
ure of the leather.
The torong dressing is the
turpentine-loaded paste the
boot-blacks use. It parches
and burns out what little life
the leather may have left.
The right dressing sinks in
and renews it — And it takes
a, brilliant burnish.
At all Rer*l St*r<«— 35 Crate.
pressing
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE,
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE,
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
2©©O©CO©d0COOO«O3lOO®OOO?)t)©*©OCOOO5O®O«OO©SeOd©*O©®e9O3OOeC^6OS3OOOftQ
8 Always aching — hard to find relief — sometimes ¦ sharp, J
• "^^^^^^^C^^^T s h°° tin g pains, other times dull, steady ache— makes you ©
| --i-^^B^^«Hft : weary and worn out.. Little rest day or night. Kidneys %
° jjifilfMBK™^ cause it all. Kidneys keep the back bad when they get out of g
% l^^^^^a^^^gl . order. Backache is first symptom of kidney ills. Relieve the o
• SffHHMliBaHiB^f kidneys when they call for help or dangerous dropsy, Diabetes, %
•;."-: Rheumatism, Urinary disorders, Bright's disease come quickly, J
o fejsr SOlii' |f anc * then it's a struggle between disease and cure. Take •
\ W ««• Doan's Kidney Pills before it is too late. |
S &Q&a^&am^& A TJJlfll CDCC S
8 %&m&&®&^^ Readers. •
•. - \ : ' ¦¦¦¦¦'• ' .¦.',.''"• ' " ¦' rvr": : *
e J. A. r Kell (retired) of 605 Broadway, says : "For a year 1' - — " 1 ©
• or more riiy back was weak and ached continually, not se- 1 11 \frt*l > > 2
q verely enough -to lay me up, but it certainly was very dis- Kl^^^f^^^k^^k •
§ agreeable. J knew the cause of my trouble from the action fit/ «f?£f /^^"S^ cliiil O
% and condition of the kidney secretions, but what to do to stop wl _^.J P///S, «
g it was -a mystery; : I came to California in y 1853. The greater Vv Ti»t.t?T""U* '^tt' %
% part of my life has been spent in mining, an occupation de- n f mm trrrftrn^' o
• cidedlyhard'oh the "constitution,. and when attacks of kidnev * «am T •
% complaint affect, a man it is more difficult than ordinary to p o ' %
• ''remove. Doan's Kidney Pills certainly, stopped my backache. * " •
S It is now some seven or eight months since I stopped the *?*** ~TZ " — 2
•• ¦ •"•.•:•¦ '1: /.if ¦ - • ¦ \. v ¦ T f ' " • • - • K " . • ¦ Far tm» trtal hex. m.fl ffeis eonpm to 5
• #< treatment, and at the present time I have not a siern of anv- T—f*.natmn c*. auan*>, ». t. u «w« , o
J thing'wrong with my kidneys. , frf^ | O
ADVEBTISEMENTS.The attendance at the present con
vention is the largest since the organi
zation of the Superintendents* Asso
ciation.
The convention was opened shortly
before noon to-day by Thomas J.
Kirk. Superintendent of Public In
struction, who delivered a brief ad
dress on the work already accom
plished for the advancement of edu
cation in California and on the neces
sity of reforms In the present system.
One of the most important topics to
be discussed during the convention is
the movement to bring about an in
crease in - the salaries of teachers
throughout the State.
SANTA BARBARA. May 10. — Fol
lowing: the first day's sessions' of the
convention of County and City Super
intendents of schools of the State, now
in session in this city, a reception was
given at the Potter Hotel to-night,
which was a most brilliant affair. The
reception was in charge of the local
superintendents, teachers, members of
the Chamber of Commerce and citi
zens, who had provided an elaborate
programme.
at Santa Barbara.
Issue Will Bo the Feature of Con
vention of School Superintendents
TEACHERS "WIUJ FIGHT
FOR HIGHER SAIjARIES
CHILDREN TO ENTERTAIN.— The chll*
dren of Mary Booth of St. Charles Fair are to
Rive an entertainment at Elntracht Hall.
Twelfth street, near Folsom. on Friday even-
Ing, May 13. The price of admission will be
25 cents.
UKIAH. May 10. — Mervin M. Mer
rill, a brakeman on the Elk Creek
logging road, met a frightful death*
Monday. He was engaged in coupling,
cars and did not notice a, log extend
ing beyond the draw head. He was
caught between .the log and car and
crushed. Medical aid was summoned,
but he died a few hours after the ac
cident. He was a popular young man
and leaves relatives in Oakland.
Brakeman Crushed, to Death.
Garred's Trial Begins.
SANTA ROSA, May 10. — The trial
of Anderson Garred, who murdered*
Andrew J. McKinnon at Guerneville
last September, was begun to-day be
fore Judge Emmet Seawell, sitting for
Judge Albert G. Burnett in depart
ment two of the Superior Court. Gar
red was an escape from the asylum at
Ukiah when he committed the crime
and it , is contended that . not having
been discharged as cured by the medi
cal superintendent, he should still be
regarded as insane.
SAN DIEGO, May 10. — A young
man registering from Sacramento as
M. Smith was found dead in his room
at a hotel in this city this morning.
He had been here about eight days.
Last night he went to his room and
apparently turned on the gas, commit
ting suicide. He was about 35 years
of age, five and a half feet tall, weight
150 pounds, black hair and sandy
mustache and gray eyes.
Stranger Turns On the Gas.
SANTA ROSA, May 10.^ — The execu
tive committee, having in charge the
arrangements for the State Convention
of Young People's Societies of Chris
tian Endeavor, which meets here June
29 to July 3 of this year, will hold
meetings three times each week hence
forth until the date of the convention.
Dr." D. P. Anderson, chairman of the
committee, has called a meeting for
Tuesday evening and from that time
thfngs ..will go with a rush in the work
of preparation for the convention.
J. Fred- McMinn is chairman of the
music committee and the great chorus
will be directed by Professor Carl
Sawvell. "At the second rehearsal over
seventy, choristers were in attendance
and it Is expected that more than 100
trained voices in the choir will furnish
music for the convention. Miss Alice
G. McMullin, sopraijo, and Miss Ger
trude 'Freltag, contralto, both of San.
Francisco, will be soloists at the con
vention. The Mandarin Male Quartet
of Sah. Francisco will add musical
numbers to the programme. A grand
sacred concert is to be given on the
opening evening of the convention.
On July' 4 suitable entertainment
will be provided for such of the dele
gates; as desire to remain in the City
of Roses and observe Independence
day. , ' ¦' '. ¦'.'•'•
Santa Rosa Will Arrange Elaborate
Programme for Entcrtninment of
Visitors at State Convention.
PREPARING FOR THE
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS
San Francisco Lad In Trouble.
SANTA ROSA, May 10.— Arthur
Smith was sentenced this mominsr to
serve five -months in the County 'Jail
by Justice A. J. Atchinson. The yduth
came from San Francisco and left that
city because of the- .theft of Jewelry
and "coin amounting to $300. These
were purloined from his sister, Mrs.
Hill, Smith having entered her apart
ments during her absence..
Official Dies of Heart * Disease.
VICTORIA, B. C May 10. — Captain
Richardson,, secretary of the Provin
cial Bureau of Mines, died suddenly of
heart failure this morning. . .
SAN JOSE, May 10.— The annual com;
mencement exercises at tkfi University
of the Pacific, the leading Methodist
educational institution on the Pacific
Coast, will begin to-morrow evening
with a grand choral and orchestral
concert in Conservatory Hall. A fine
programme will be given. Thursday
evening the department of elocution
will hold its graduating exercises, when
diplomas will be granted Miss Jessie
Ward. Miss Catheryn Porter, Miss
Edith Dlxon and Miss Marie Ruff.
The Emendian Literary Society will
hold its anniversary exercises on Fri
day evening. Rev. Isaac Crook, D. D.,
of Chillicothe, Ohio, will preach the
baccalaureate sermon Sunday in the
College Park Methodist Episcopal
Church. A special musical programme
will be rendered. The Sopholechtian
Literary Society will celebrate its anni
versary Monday evening, and on Tues
day evening the annual reception will
be held at President McClish's home.
The board of trustees of the univer
sity will meet Wednesday morning. In
the afternoon will be held the gradua
tion exercises of the academy and com
mercial college. President McCllsh will
deliver the- address. The alumni re
union and banquet will be held in the
evening.
On Thursday the college of liberal
arts, the conservatory of music and the
art department will hold their gradua
tion exercises and diplomas will be con
ferred. Rev. Homer C. Stuntz, D. D.,
of Manila will deliver the commence
ment address.
Ei*eiaJ Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, May 10.— More than 100
prominent fruit growers from different
parts of the State attended a meeting
In this city this afternoon called by A.
E. Sprague of Sacramento as chairman
of the special committee appointed by
the recent fruit growers' convention at
Fresno to put in operation plans for
the co-operative organization of the
dried fruit interests of this coast. The
plan proposed is to organize neighbor
hood associations in each district and
pool their product and hold it In bulk
to sell to the packers through a central
agency if prices are not satisfactory.
Then the heads of the different organi
zations will confer and fix a price to be
universal. Among those favoring this
plan were Colonel Phllo Hersey, presi
dent of the Santa Clara County Fruit
Excange; George H. Hooke of the Los
Gatos cannery. Professor Jenkins of
Stanford University, A. B. Sprague, C.
W. Childs and J. D. Radford. Another
meeting will be held here next Thurs
day morning at 10 o'clock. f
Growers Discuss 3Ieth/)d of
Putting Their Co-opera
tive Project Into Effect
Fine Commencement Pro
gramme Will Be Held at
University of the Pacific
WASHINGTON. May 10. — Secretary
Taft was detained at his hotel to-day
on account of Illness. He is experi
encing some trouble with his throat
end has a slight fever.
Secretary Ttif t Is III.
TERM CLOSES
AT SAN JOSE
PLAN TO POOL
FRUIT PRODUCT
' SAN RAFAEL. May 10. — A large
fellow dog jumping In front of a bi
< ycle nearly caused fatal injuries to
Hermann Oelrichs this afternoon,
oelrichs was out on his ¦wheel In Ross
•Vajley and was riding along at a lively
rlipi-when opposite Mulhern's place, in
Kentfield, a dog ran out from a grate
way. Oelrichs swerved to one side
and kicked at the dog as he passed.
T.liis infuriated the canine and it
ir.ade for the cyclist. The front wheel
£ir-uck the dog and Oelrichs was burl-
Vd- violently to the roadway, striking
ork his head. He was given assistance
r*i''.Mu!hern and taken into a house
f.rar by so that his Injuries could be
fi.ftsf.ded to. Later Oelrichs went to
til's summer home In Ross Park. He
n:as' badly cut about the face and
hands, but not otherwise seriously In
jured.'
D05 Causes Wheel to Upset and the
RJder Is Badly Hurt About
Face and Hands.
HERMANN OELRICHS HURT
BY FALL FROM BICYCLE
When the Sheriff was notified he
parted In pursuit* and not knowing the
man passed hirn on the road. The com
rr.arJdinp officer was informed and re
iiivri&a with the Sheriff. He identified
the. man as Rice. When told he was
tinder arrest Rice blurted out in negro
.jfiialect that he had never seen Henry
end wanted to know how he could have
killed him under th<?se circumstances.
The. accused accompanied the officers
to Salln?.s and was locked up in the
county Jail. Henry is well liked by his
jentire regiment. At last reports he
**>-as unconscious and slowly dying.
"Henry was walking in company with
four other white soldiers when he was
ehot' In the back, apparently from an
RUey. near the Washington Hotel. Rice,
•tvhq then secured a horse, did not re
port this morning when the troopers
i<?sufned the journey to Yosemite, but
pc/?s?d through Salinas after'the troop
tj-?' l<acrgarre and park trains left.
. SALINAS. May 10.— Private Rice of
Company A. Ninth United States Cav
£«->• ( colored), has be^n arrested for
¦shooting Regimental Sergeant Henry
<tf the Fifteenth United States Infan
try, in Monterey last night. The paxtlcu
"Jars received fhow that the attack was
£eliber;ite. R!ce left the hors'e camp
when the troopers started for Yosemite
and -followed: In a buggy. He was sent
back" by- train last evening to get a
hcrce. When seen in Monterey he had
s-n arrr.y piFtol in his hand and in re
•rly to questions said he was looking
fir: Henry and that he intended to kill
him, when he came across him.
The colored delegates, through Rev.
Mr. Hammond of Tannessee, put them
selves , on record in -a- strong -protest
against the action of certain Los An
geles hotels and restaurants in refusing
to entertain colored guests. Rev. Mr.
Hammond presented a resolution con
demning the attitude of these places,
which was adopted by the conference.
The public school question was again
brought up in a resolution by Rev. W.
P. Haylett of Mississippi asking that
the General Conference petition Con
gress, and that all other Protestant de^
nominations be asked to join in the
movement, to secure the enactment of
an amendment to the constitution "for
ever prohibiting the use of the public
school fund for sectarian purposes."
"This great question depends for the
proper settlement upon the united-ef
forts of Protestantism," asserted the
speaker. .The matter was referred to
the committee on state of church.
Rev. T. B. Graham of West Virginia
desired the conference to request the
committee on episcopacy to formulate
and submit a plan by which retired
Bishops might be encouraged to con
tinue activity, giving them the right to
preside at district conferences, church
dedication ceremonies, etc. His resolu
tion went to the episcopacy committee.
The final report of the book commit
tee shows the total sales of the Book
Concern of New York for the past four
years to have been $3,597,692 16, and of
the Western Book Concern for the same
period $4,650,800 51. The Episcopal fund,
created for ministerial support, shows a
cash balance of $127,131 77, a substan
tial increase over the total at the close
of the previous quadrennium.
Brief addresses were also made by
Rev. William/ Dobson, D. D., of Cana
da, and Rev. J. C. Kilgore of the M. E.
Church South, president of Durham
College. •
A few of the more important commit
tees held meetings this afternoon, but
the great majority of the delegates
took advantage of the afternoon's leis
ure to visit points of Interest in the
Immediate vicinity of the city.
COLOR ISSUE RAISED.
The Rev. Charles H. Crookshank,- M.
A., of Ireland, spoke for the Irish
Methodist church. His talk was witty
and full of point. Frequent laughter
and applause was evoked. The trials
sustained and hardships endured by the
pioneers of Methodism In Ireland were
powerfully portrayed. In contradiction
to the claim that all other denomina
tions in Ireland have lost steadily in
membership through the depleting ef
fect of emigration,. Rer. Crookshank
asserted that the Methodist church
has gained: numerically. In an elo
quent peroration he dwelt upon the
fact that Irishmen have been the fore
runners of Protestant evangelization
in nearly all the Christianized nations
of the earth. He closed with an' earn
est prayer that the .Irish- nation will
"burst the bonds of religious supersti
tion and stand forth in - the light of
the truth."
WITTY IRISH CLERGYMAN.
LOS ANGELES, May 10.— English
profundity and Irish wit graced the
sixth day's session of the General Con
ference of the M-ethodist church. Ad
dresses by. fraternal delegates occu
pied most of the time between 9 and
12:30 o'clock, no business, other than
the presentation • of a few resolutions
and their reference to committees, be
ing taken up. Rev. Waddy Moss, D. D..
of Dldsbury College, Manchester, Eng
land, came before the .conference In
behalf of the English Methodist church.
He held the large assemblage for three
quarters of an hour with a succinct
and scholarly synopsis of Methodlstic
conditions, in England to-day. He pil
loried the prevalence ' of mystical .ten
dencies in the church abroad and drew
attention to the inclination of Metho
dist teachers and preachers to depart
from materialistic tenets to idealistic
doctrines. \
Sixth Day of Conference Oc
cupied hy Speakers on the
Welfare of the Church
BOOK CONCERN'S REPORT
NEW YORK, May 10. — Mrs. Her
mann Oelrichs, to whom the foregoing
story was referred to-night by a re
porter, said she had heard nothing of
any such transaction. "It could not
have occurred without my knowl
edge," she said. "It is probably just
a story, such as is circulated every
little while. I know nothing that
could give rise to It.
The purchasing syndicate consists of
Rudolph Spreckels, James D. Phelan,
William A. Magee, Thomas Magee Jr.,
Frederic E. Magee and Gustay Sutro.
Mrs. Oelrichs has received the* sum of
$150,000 on the purchase money to bind
the bargain. An agreement was filed
yesterday in the Recorder's office in
this city. This pledges Mrs. Oelrichs to
give ninety days' time In which to
search the title to the various proper
ties, and the seller agrees to correct all
defects in title. If thece is any final
defect the agreement to sell and pur
chase is void only as regards such prop
erty as cannot show clear title. The
final payment of $2,450,000 is to be made
at the expiration of the period allowed
for search. This makes a cash trans
action of the great deal.
In the syndicate Rudolph Spreckels
is holder of seven-twelfths interest,
James D. Phelan three-twelfths, Gustav
Sutro and the Magee brothers each one
twelfth. No serious trouble in furnish
ing title is anticipated, as the claims
of the Nelson heirs to the estate of
Charles Fair have been finally com
promised.
PURCHASING SYNDICATE.
There are also included the south
west corner of Pine and Taylor streets,
a flfty-vara, on which is the family
hotel known as the Bella Vista; the St.
David's lodging-house property, on the
south line of 'Howard street, 135 feet
west of Third street, with 40 feet on
Howard street, 160 feet depth and 80
J^eet on Tehama street; the northwest
corner of A street and Twenty-seventh
avenue. 120x195 .feet.
One of the important properties is on
the south line of Sutter street, 25 feet
east of Powell, 137:6x137:6, with extra
lot connecting to Powell street, having
twenty feet on Powell street. Included
in the purchase of this property was
the taking over of the southeast corner
of Sutter and Powell streets, 25x56:6
feet, owned by William A. Magee,
Thomas Magee Jr. and Frederic E.
Magee. This gives the syndicate 77:6
feet frontage on Powell street and 161:3
feet on Sutter street.
produce and commission houses: lOOx
119:6 feet on the north line of Sacra-_
mento street, 120 feet east of Front
street; lot 45x50 feet on the west line of
Davis street, 40 feet north of Sacra
mento street, and all interest in the
block bounded by- Davis, Front, Com
mercial and Clay streets.
Among the properties sold by Mrs.
Oelrichs are included the northeast
corner of Ellis and Taylor streets, 275
feet on Ellis street by 137:6 feet on Tay
lor street, with an extra lot 23x60 feet
in the rear, connecting with Dikeman
place, covered with frame buildings;
55x137:6 feet on the north line of Golden
Gate avenue, 137:6 feet west of Taylor
street, covered with frame Improve
ments; the southeast corner of Fulton
and Franklin streets. 166:9x103:1^ feet,
with frame buildings; the southeast
corner of Front and Oregon streets,
60x90 feet, with six-story and basement
brick building; northwest corner of Pa
cific and Davis streets. 183:4x137:6 feet,
improved with three-story and one
story buildings; southwest corner of
Vallejo and Davis streets, a fifty-vara,
Improved with one-story frame; south
east corner of Jackson and Davis
streets, 120xS0 feet, on which are one
story frame buildings used as fruit and
Mrs. Theresa A. Oelrichs has sold to
a local syndicate all her San Francisco
real estate with the exception of the
Fairmont Hotel and some outlying
vacant properties the syndicate did not
want. For her holdings Mrs. Oelrichs
gets $2,600,000. Involved is the transfer
of more than five acres of real' estate,
nearly all of it in the very heart of the
business section of San Francisco. The
negotiations were carried on by Thom
as Magee & Sons, who put the deal
through. The transaction is the largest
ever recorded in San Francisco. The
highest previous sale. was that of the
BIythe block to the Hellman syndicate,
known at the Bankers' Investment
Company, the consideration for which
wa« 12,255.000.
The' sale by Mrs. Oelrichs ha« noth
ing to do with the Interests of Mrs.
Vanderbilt, who segregated her proper
ties from those of her sister soirfe weeks
ago.
The principal property sold by Mrs.
Oelrichs Is the Lick House and the
ground upon which it stands. This has
a frontage of 200 feet on Montgomery
street, running from the Masonic Tem
ple property, at Post, to the southwest
corner of Sutter and Montgomery
streets. The frontage on Sutter street
is 315 feet from the corner of Sutter and
Montgomery streets, and runs to within
97:6 feet of Kearny street.
The frontage on Post street is 115
feet, which includes Lick place and ex
tends from thV Masonic Temple to the
Heald's Business College property. The
Lick House Is too well known to need
description. The ground space of the
Lick House property amounts to nearly
70.000 square feet. On the ground floor
of the Lick House are stores. The
structure is of three stories and base
ment, the hotel being above the stores
with the exception of the offices, etc.
BLSIXESS LOCATIONS.
Methodist Colored Delegate
Complains of the Los An ;
geles Hotel Restrictions
*
Assailant Had Previously
: Threatened to Slay the
; : Officer at First Sight
VKTI.M OF FOUL DEED
Bdrgeant of Fifteenth In
fantry Fatally Injured
:• on Street of Monterey
Lick House, Bella Vista and Other Properties Are
Taken by Syndicate for $2,600,000— Payment of
$150,000 Binds Deal Pending Search of Title
NEGRO SHOOTS
WHITE SOLDIER
NEGRO DIVINE
HAS GRIEVANCE
MRS. OELRICHS DISPOSES
OF VALUABLE HOLDINGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. MAY -111, 1904;
LITTLE CHILD 11ANGS
' ITSELF ACCIDENTALLY
SAN LUIS OBISPO. May 10. — Little
Clara^ Stroble,. scarcely more than a
year'old,' met death at Arroyo Grande
at 11:30 this forenoon by accidentally
hanging herself in a swing on the
porch. - No one saw or knew of the
accident until the child was dead. She
was fpund, her body still warm, hang
ing by trie neck . In the swing, where
she .had accidentally caught herself.
She was the ' daughter of George
Stroble. — ._
5
The Beverage of '
The American Home
BBUDWEISER is served
in more American homes
than all other bottled beers
combined. Unequaled as a
table beverage..
100,402,500 Bottles of
BUD WEISER sold in 1903.
The Product of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louie, U.S.A.
Visitor* to the World's Greatest Fair shonld not fan to visit
the World's Greatest Brewery.
. V . Orders l*rom plly Filled by n, -^
TILLMANN & BENDEL. Distributors. San Francisco. Calif.
0SJ ¦ -^l- v' : —
• Parlor Table, golden oak finish,
with double top, 24x24 inches. Spe-
' cial for this week, $1.25. This is
only one of our special attractions
, for the week. Call and get our
prices. Homes furnished complete
on small weekly or monthly pay-
ments.
A. B. SMITH
FURNITURE CO.
128 132 Ellis St.
visit DR. JORDAN'S MCftrt
J^USEUg OF AHATOHYf
\ <Cf The L»iyeit» Autw «! Mtwcun in tk« \
O M*ttB~*. Wor>d - **«^««i«» t i«y ccBtraoed A
' C«T ttf, ! <««*•»• rmmtttwml, mr«i h y tkc ,| 4el , ¥
O f^S Spea»l«t«««tieCoi«. £it3t,mi A
•0 t*^^* ft DR - J2RDAN-DISEASE8 8F MEN 4
A I jk^'if I T'**"™" 1 ' r^finr.llijr nt bj letter. A 1 I
\ 8 tf il I 1»«n»»« CW« In «T»r7c»stond»TUkeo. T
nPIl 119 ¦«>•' int n-«k. rBiLo»ur>nv*( , I
* T 1 OAnnUGE, MAtLKO rut. fxl
' / il ti- nl >*' >1 ' baok (at mrn) ¦ \
V »C JoBDARACO..10tl Market (St.. S.r. V
r\ ~_i ~li Ti ~| Tl.i ~.| ~".i T> %;_ *^_ 0*1^
¦I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
i FOR TMfZ
j eSLOOD. LB VER. LUNGS;
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
' GUARANTEED CURE rOB ~«£V.
3AZ.SXI.rSS IITJECTIOH. Cures ordinary
rp.scs In a tf*r days. Warranted to cure
tvcrFt cases. JSTO OXHES TME ATM.jmi T
HEQUIEED. Frexcnta and Cures Strlo-
torcK PEETTEHTS COSTAOXOK. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both 'bott*£s. For ««le only
r.-^KEiirS PHAEfilACY. 102 Eddy.
Cn n n ETT4 <~<utfitz. Guno. Aminuni-
Ma n{381 ticn, r»"hins »n4 Oullne
Ji C>?9 U i;<v«3f. T«-nls nnd Our,« u>
B%s Kmmm «'"«. <"atjii/)'I krke.
il fc £ S E B PHREVE & EAHBEn CO..
T.'KI Market «t.
.. t£l Kearny »U S. F. ...
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
THE EWTOBIUII
THE EMPOErUM
THE EMPOBrUM
ADVEBTTr.F.irF.NTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
20% Off Any Furniture in Stock I
Our great offering continues. A discotmt of so per cent from tn article would not ordinarily be a "great** discount, but in this case it it a •'
great d : scount, because— our regular price* are from 15 to io per cent lower than exclusire furniture house* ask, and it it from these regular low jj
prices that we are offering a further reduction of ao. per cent. ... • Vv; %
Bedroom Suit, Blrd.tye Wl* Curly Gold .Armchair, fin. « g
Birch. OXahonnv. also Golden Oak. satin uamasK, up- ¦ •£
Table °..? e reg. 7.50. now 6.00 " l!0 00 nowSMOO Hi -/'AW & ¦ tl S
Chevalle Mirror ..rel. 32.50. now 26.00 *>'*' 48 ". ln - *?*>• • ''fcf 400 °- now » M - 00 Si f 4$^ J? f if 5
:h",:^ : - - «• SHf' k«& "&'¦ r- - m -°° w f // is
OI S£».r t °....r?!W .I.T.I.now «0 H £?»ffit r t ~iiii "'"'¦'"" " M W W. '
ElPgant Brass Bed. reg. 55.00, now 44.00 ] , p , La /" r ; K - tn gJL^-^^^^^JsSB-? > *
Best prade Gray "J* d * ( P aril > in ' ,, 50 _ ow 14 £Q «
Hair Mattress... reg. 20.00. now 33.00 ch V n Tc a b!neV "(YaVtice jl .^ !^^ '^ *?
Parlor Snlt, Fromei made of Mahoflr- door> 37.50. now 30.00 48KT»3^j»' 1 ~i^"'.ILTlIi^; " '^JiJJKi %
any. Popular Napoleonic Design. ' V\- OO d Saddle Seat Din- OmB^lmmnBmmSMwilSSfl^fSlZi '<•
Highly polished, massive three-piece suit ln K Chair, each 6.00. now 4.80 C^OD^VtmSAm \\ WlW*MiMvJ*TaA '*
with wooden Rides. Settee. Armchair Den Pnrnlture "In Weathered Oak. ¦SKaWiffiffltmttiVMi 'I IMM i'l/ffl//ifiwS .**
f>nd Reception Ohalr.$115.0a, now $92.00 Davenport. 6 feet long. , ' T^B^^L'lwwSJIiflS/li \\'<M 'affp93l ¦*
Window Ohair to Spanish leather $73.60. now $60.80 HffiSwiwWw«HUM \M\ \M PflMiSH *
match Suit 30.00. now 34.00 Arm Chair, very large. ISMM^MJ^3SSiM^?Wm9lS3a *
Bric-a-Krao Cabinet with high back 27.80. now 33.50 G^nm^mn^' ' %
(mahogany) 47.50, now 46.00 Arm Rocker (loose- Fjf8rrwm!wWiMY 3a lw^''T£}i$% ti rfj* Tm '5
Martini 47.50. now 38.00 ediy comfortable 18.50, now 13.00 'm
Dec. Rockwood Pedes- Round Shape Corner W» ¦T^' 1 *^*iSsiCiSlfll£![-*' J^i£uttJ m
tal 22.80, now 18.00 Chair, broad arm 7.50, now 6.00 %f *" l^^ lSon *5
Dec. Rockwood Ta- Weath. Oak Pedestal... 7.50, now 6.00 £2 *Sr «
bourette 17.50, now 14.00 Weath. Oak Tabourette. 8.50, now 3.80 ¦ JJB S
Large finely carved Weath. Oak Costumer. . 12.60, now 10.00 J
Arm Rockers 28.50, now 32.80 Weath. Oak Lib. Table. 25.00. now 80.00 j*
Sao of I Sale of Whisk I Safe Cut Giass \p^ r U S%2 I
.Spool Broom Holders 29c gg* Peppers and uflo.d.fc .»« on. : J
Silk, 25O About 4OO unusua ll y pretty xvhisk (itiSfa Salts, 63C of thfi bej ? f J* ic : J
Black Seeing broom holders, of velour and burnt /IMLnl We picture one of the -ever.l W?\™ W *A *
Silk, bet qaahy. 'ether, in - .variety of artistic de. «^8 1 P^. (abo'u: ,oo J
letters A, B an! C, ,,gns; an article regularly 75c each; fBgRj f fsrllng .Uver top,, regularly >hcet ')' tc-d.y.per X
.fe«joining8 ? nfach O n ipecial sa'c Wednesday O O^ ATMlMll * •• 0O P l!r 5 t0 - dav 4?O« ST? " * ? S
spool, on sp:c-a! fa!: , Y i Z9C ) nnlv ' faiSG EnTe!o ? e » t0 mi * ch . *«
at ... . . 25o onl >' * * • * *"*"*" .... .www 3 pa ckaget . . 2Sc %
Sale of . I Sale Combs I 68 I
Kimonos %*% tg*oc v*i»es £x£3^^£rtt |
35c „ 48c. 57c *c, 14c, 28c Arrnour - S C om B««f-«, £*.". .200 5
" " An immens: purchase from the American dot. . $2*39 '2
Women's Kimonos of fine figured Hard Rutber,Co., New York, of dressing Deviled Ham or Tongue— 3 tin,. . . tOc x
. li j u 1 r m aR d " ne combi at about half price, on dot. ... 37 O M
lawn, yoke front and back, ru.I Ipecial Mle WednewJay and Thuridly: Soups— W G. M.. I X L or Campbell'.; or *
sleeves and white lawn rolling collar; i_ioc and 1 5c Pare -T^ B«nsin tomato uuce, 3 tins 24c4ox&4o J
colors biack and white, blue and Para Rubber Dressing and Fine Combt « *^ Carnation or Lily Cream— 3 tins . . 2SO X
white and pink and white; 55c Lot 2 — 25c Pure Para Rubber 8- Oysters— Standard, choice, tia •• • • 9o -*
Sr ": !°: d ' y . " d . Th °": 3So Ba Sf r ,r^r.^f " b " %ss •?
Women's Klm0n0S'-O^»ncy striped U * y ' " ' _ _ Tomatoes— Hesperian brand; 3 tins . 24C 5
lawn, yoke effect, gathered full front Lot 3-Big ...ortmentof Pure Para te f. . QOc .{
-ill/ 11 1 £*lj '.l Rubber Combs; not one worth lesi than Hunt's Tomatoes — Extra .olid pack; large %
and back, full sleeve,, finished with Wednesdl ' y , nd Thurt . O jj Tn . tt O do,. . . * $1.25 |
white lawn rolling collar; large day... ......... . Manxanillas-Or Stuffed OUtm, 3 boo 2&O J
variety of colors; 75c ¦"¦"¦—"¦ " Emporium Best Family Flour— Sk S1.2O x
values, for . . . , *Tm$C 35cVeHintiSm 16C Corn Meal— Ben California. io-!b sk..23o -J
w . » ji, ¦ ui t ! tfs r n j "¥' J Nelnz'i Mixtd Pickles-O- Chow Chow; J
Women's HandKerchie! Kimonos— To-Day and fnursday t^^ . . . #4© ••
Finest quality lawn, dainty neat pat- A specia i sale o f 18-inch Tux- Sardinei-Choice Imported, 3 tin* . 3OC X
tcms, finished with white border; c do, criss-cross and spider web „ tu „ . . in \-3 1mO £ i
another r.yle women's lawn kimonos, v/ ,nino« hlarl^- anH hlarU and Port or S'-« r »y- Good wine 5 5 bottle* . $f %
, -l ! l in • -j veilings, DiacK ana DiacK ana F jt svruos— au flavon; gallon, $1.25 -x
made with yoke.^ full .:eevcs, wide white combinations, some plain, Qngei ¦ Ah-Imperia!; do«n. . . 8O% I
shawl collar; a dainty striped material ot h ers w jth large and small Porter- Guinnen' White Label, McMuUen'.; -J
with corded effect; color. bTue and white, rhpn :ii- HotV 2<>r and "?5c val- iozea S1*90 x
pink and white and blaclc and white; 85c and CnenillC °° 15 ' " C ana J3C vai p,,,^^ B i ue flag Whisky— Bottled in X
o;c vaI U »; Wednesday and g^V^ "PS, forthe tWO days ffig*' bond; full quart, regularly Si. 25 •• 99O *
Thursday %JT M %* Only, yard . y ... . »***«* Mirgeau Cabernet or" Burgundy; g.il. . 8 9 n *
Sale Tailored Suits I D 7?,*f?S" I
and Silk Safes «
, Unprecedented sellings, lowest prices on record, $12.50, *
$15. and! $25 for suits worth. up to $32.50, at the regular low fancy Corded Wash SHKs — Handsome x
prices of the Emporium. goods, a quality never sold less -JJ
The women who have bought these »tle suits have been favorably sur^ t^ aQ ?oct yd., now special. 3P© •*
prised at the values we have given them. The reductions ¦ will remain in k peau flc s^J c _ 2O inches* wide, 'J
force until closing time this evening. While we have told nearly all of the a jj an( j a splendid $i.f °'
original quantity many new suits have been taken from stock and added in auaHtv now yard . . . S7c *
orVler to keep up the assortment and interest 'to-day. , . 50c Canvas SuilingS—j finches wide, '{
Suits at •? 1 5, $17.50, *5io, reduced for the &fO £ZQ :igh: weighr, witab'e for knockabout %
three dtyi to ........'.. . . , %fP mmmm%J%0 «;ts, walking skirB, etc.; now yard.34o \
Suits at $22.50, $23.75 and £25, reduced for the three &1 P* fbffl 50c Black Voile Etaminei— Good qua'.ity, \
.days' to *P"***U*J fashioaaWe febric; now yard . . . 3SO £
Suirs at £27.50, $30 and $32.50, reduced for ths three ****[£ #)#) * L0 ° EnjHsh Mohairs— For shirt waht %
1 M\fv suitf, outing and t ravelin 5 ccstumts, b'.ack %
y , ' '¦-' ' ' ',' '..' ' • * • • :,,*.••* and colon, 54 inches wide; yard . .7SO 5
Alterations on above wtll be extra. J x
,r<~\ EWi:EBZm***m*mm Immense Cuts x
millinery In Jrimmea Hats .«
figsm^^^^^Si^^^^:^: Every trimmed hat tha: was 58.50 or more now radically reduced in %
§&/Pf^ifap^^L^<- '•*¦-¦• VLIr ' price for immediate Ji'.e. We have divided th:m into four groups as follows: *
• •i'i®*^ Group 1— A very large assortment of stylish, nobby and exclusive walking and dress hats, also x
ib^^^r^'^^^nt^ a few evenln K ha:s « thlt wtrc S8 -5°» ? IO0 °i S12.50 and S15.00, now. . . .£6.85
S^FT^h lh£&&nVroup 2— Comprise a large assortment of stylish drew hats, all shipe?, colon, patterns, sizes and trimmings— -J*
'••'/^i/. • WfSusZyZ&l hatj that were tormtrly $10.50, $12.50, 5l4-o°. 5'5- co U P t0 Ji0 - 00 ' now $8*85 *
G'P'fc'' :: 'W&ffl^'^\ Group 3 — Dresi-hat-, turbans, street hats, walking hsts, foliaje hats, flower hats, plum; trimmrd hits, that .J
i^l''*Ei5^^? f* were formerly 5:4.00, J16. 00, 518. co, and jfii. 50; now . . $10*85
{$82£§efi&rtk 1 Group 4 — Pattern hits and our own exclusive novelties, chiffon trimmed, evening hats, street costum: hat?, etc..
thit were marked fzo.OO, «22.so ani up to S35.OO; all now $15. OO X
. '^pT/ i • S7^ Children s Sailor HalS"~" 2
Red Poppies 85c, 35c >V^>^ S/**^/Ls*jf'f**Z44'' pretty "J
Forset-Me-Nots. bunch.. i5c &^J4 F j^Qffl/UltjlJLIJLfff mixed braids; were *
Silk Poppies, blue. pink. red. 10^ M M M^TL ' M M&f±y %S ±^WMf r %
etc ,.50c CAUFORNIAS LARGEST- _^^ ,^.5O, §J.DU; nOW X
roppy wreaths .35c ¦¦uiiiHHHiffWilH'- " ". _._¦¦¦ $2.50 and $1.95 :**
Rose Foliage. 8 sprays.. 20c -^WygggZ^"*^ AMERICA S GRANDEST STORE X
,*'«**** ******
MARE YOU THINKING Y~l^/\ /VKlr* I NCi *P I ¦
I ABOUT GOING J *>-~+J~*>* ? >* fli tr
111 -^'e can save you a jcreat'deal of time and worry by buying one of our \ '
I o^i^Fiisra- outfits 31
I Camp Stove — Cooking Utensils — Knives — Plates— Cups — Pans — In fact..] '
\' everything necessary for a trip to the country — Nothing breakable. 1 '
t Enameled tin anil woodenware a '
V Outfit 1 — «8-Plece Sll).."ll ] ,
f Outfit 2 — 90-Piece »lf».f»l> 4 i
J Outfit 3 — 107-Plece #*i4.CM) J ,
#/ Send for a complete list of articles. See our Bush-st. window for display. 1 (
SO 122-13^ SUTTER ST;
VWWJW^atfWB^rtfWl^tfnti^t¥TlMJBttYilMlir?tfciPrtf>^>rrlTfTTiTf^tf¥M^*wT^f*T> 4Ti fSit IALAMEDA, May 10.— Mrs. John Dickson
and Mrs. J. W.«. Hand with Herbert Hand
and Jack Holt left last evening for.Carme!
by-th«-Sea. near Monterey, where they wfl.1
spend two months.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Smith and child de
parted yesterday for Sacramento. Mrs. Smith
will remain there "ar two months for the
benefit of her health.
The union meeting of the Adelphlan Club
will be held next Saturday afternoon. Guest
tickets may be obtained from Mrs. H. M.
Pond. Central and Alameda avenues.
BERKELEY. May 10.— The three-act farce.
"A Pair of Papas," which was written by
Emll Kruschke for the last Junior day play
at the university, will be -presented for the
benefit of the organ fund of St. Matthew'.*
Church on May 14 In Shattnck Hail. It will
be given by almost the entire original cast
that performed on Junior day. the exception
being Miss Eduarda Howard, who is now
tilllr.fr a profes* ional engairement with the XeiU
Company. Milton Schwartz will act as stage
manager. -
The Catholic Ladles' Aid Society will fire
a musieale next Saturday afternoon In Wood
man's HaU. The piw««d3 will . be for the
benefit of the Girls', Home fund of the »o
ciety. 1 .
OAKLAND. May 10. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Joseph Manas,
40. West Berkeley, and Rosle C.
Manas. 35. Emeryville; Melbourne P.
Graves, over 21, and Osie Slaughter,
over IS. both of Oakland; Charles D.
Olney. over 21, Oakland, and Edith L.
Newcomer, over IS. Chicago; Leonard
L. Cain, 33, Buffalo, and .Mae T. An
derson. 25. Oakland; Charles S. Roth
ensteln. 33. and Mary Thomas. 26,
both of San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND," May 10. — A sneak thief
in the guise of a telephone Inspector
stole a -diamond from the residence of
Mrs. Emma L. Gardiner, 1447 Webster
street, yesterday, according to a report
filed to-day with the police. •¦;
Sneak Thief Steals Gem.
ALAMEDA. May 10 — St- Joseph's
Church fair closed in Lafayette Hall
la*t niKht. It was opened ten days
a*o. In the election for the most pop
ular little cirl Nellie Quill was the
dinner, with *45 votes. The proceeds
of the bataar were upward of $1600.
St. Joseph's Fair Closes.
ALAMEDA, May 10. — Officers -were
elected by the Associated Students of
Alameda High School to-day as fol
lows: President. Roswell Dagxte; vice
president, Jerome Politzer; secretary.
Miss Dean Tisdale: executive commit
tee. Frank O'Brien, Norman D'Evelyn.
Chester Jamieson, Ralph Marx and
Miss Hazel Binder.
Students Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, May 10. — The manage
ment of Ye Liberty Playhouse has ex
tended an invitation to all the car
riers of the San Francisco Call to be
its guests to-morrow evening at the
production of Oulda's famous drama,
"Under Two Flags," which is being
presented this week at the popular
theater by the Neill company. The
cast for the piece is a strong one, and
James Neill in his portrayal of the
character of Bertie Cecil handles the
difficult part in a masterly fashion,
while Edythe Chapman, as Cigarette,
leaves nothing to be desired.
The play is one that is especially
attractive to young people and there is
no doubt but that the boys that de
liver The Call each morning will thor
oughly appreciate the courtesy of the
management of Ye Liberty in extend
ing to them the hospitality of the
theater.
the Performance of "Under Two
Vlags" Tills Evening.
Management Invites Them to Attend
CALL CARRIERS WILL BE
GUESTS AT YE LIBERTY
OAKLAND. May 10. — The Society of
California Pioneers and the Masonic
Veterans' Association will lay their
memorial stones in the Sloat monu
ment at Monterey next Saturday after
noon. On the stone which will be laid
by the former, organization is en
graved: "His fame is spotless and im
mortal." On June 17, the one hun
dred and twenty-ninth anniversary of
the battle of Bunker Hill,- the Sons
and Daughters of the Revolution will
lay memorial stones in the same
monument.
Will I^iy Memorial Stones.
' OAKLAND, May 10. — City Auditor
Bred has rejected claims of Charles
Burkhalter, Walter A. Tenny, A. J.
Sturgeon, S. G. S. Dunbar, I. D. Mar
.tin, B. F. Allison, Robert Caldwell,
Henry G. Goff and C. E. Blanchard for
$4 each as election officers at the
school bond election. They are mem
bers of the Oakland School Depart
ment and as such the Auditor says
they cannot draw two salaries at the
same time.
of the Central Free Kindergarten : . . ¦
The ladies of the Central Free Kindergar
ten of Oakland offer their sincere thanks to
all ot those Woo assisted In any way .in mak
ing the garden fete held on the grounds of
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Smith a success. Many
thanks are due to Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Smith
and all of the members of their household
for doing everything possible for them to do
and far leaving nothing undone that could in
any way add to the pleasure of the many
guest's or to the profit of the beneficiaries.
Thanks are also due to Thomas H. Williams
ior furnishing a band of music, to A. Schill
ing Frank Havens. J. C. Klein and Harmon
Bell for donations of money, to George Halla
han for chairs, tables and glassware, and to
the public generally for generous assistance
and patronage. E. T. S. WHEATON.
Corresponding Secretary Central Free Kinder
garten.
Rejects Election Claims.
According to the father's version of
the affair. .his drtughter is under. age
and he never consented to their mar
riage. He found De Soza and his
daughter living in a tent and last night
went there and in the absence of the
husband took his daughter away.
OAKLAND. May 10. -va writ of ha
beae corpus was sued out this after
noon by John de Scsa in an effort to
ITPt possession of his wife. Jennie.
» horn he claims John Bambor. the
woman's father, and Irwin Frost forc
ibly kidnaped last night from his
home at «5S Vernon street. The writ
was iFsued by Judge Melvin and tht
men commanded to produce the
voman in court to-morrow afternoon
st 1:30 o'< look.
\\« Kidnaped Sue* Out
a Writ.
Hn-han<I <rf Woman Tliat Claims Wife
3TUST BRING JENNIE
DE BQZA INTO COURT
BERKELEY, May 10. — The Street
Committee of the Board of Trustees
last night recommended to the Trus
tees that the name of Telegraph ave
nue be changed to Berkeley avenue
and that the co-operation of Oakland
be secured to have a like change made
in Oakland. As Telegraph avenue is
the main thoroughfare between the
two cities it is desired that it wear a
more appropriate name* Berkeley al
ready has a Berkeley way, but the
committee recommends that this be
changed to some other name.
Suggest Change of Name.
"Neither your family nor this com
munity needs you. Riley." said his
Honor. "The fifty days* limit for
drunkenness does not meet your. case
at all. My regTet is that I can only
deprive you of your liberty for that
comparatively short SDace of time on
this charge."
OAKLAND, Jlay 10. — Fifty days'
imprisonment in the city jail, the
maximum punishment, for drunken
ness, was the sentence imposed to-day
upon Edward J. Riley by Police Judge
Mortimer Smith. Riley's examination
on the charge of assault to commit
murder, growing out of his action in
trying to burn his wife to death by
firing her coal oil soaked garments,
was set for May 13. Judge Smith
fixed bonds at 510,000.
Riley pleaded guilty amid much
tearful begging for mercy.
"My family needs me," sobbed
Riley.
'Edward RHey's Sobbing Has No Effect
and Limit of Punishment Is
Imnosed.
BRUTAL HUSBAND MAKES
A PLEA FOR MERCY
OAKLAND, May 10.— Mrs. Jennie
Page of San Leandro was granted a
decree of divorce to-day from Rufus
B. Page on the ground of cruelty and
was awarded J4 500 in a lump sum as
her share of the property. Page was
conceded by both Bides to the suit to
be worth $13,000. but it was shown
that his money had all been accumu
lated prior to his marriage to the
plaintiff and was therefore his sepa
rate property. Mrs. Page's attorneys
asked for one-half of the sum. but
expressed themselves satisfied with the
judgment. - .
The Pages were married eleven
years ago, when she was 21 and he
nearly 60. After living together for
ten years their disagreements ended in
her leaving him and bringing the suit'
just decided. It was shown that he
locked her out of the house when she
went to parties at night and made her
live for a week at a time on vegetable
soup.
Separated From Aged Spouse, With
Whom She Lived for a Period
of Ten Years.
Mrs. Look Is a widow and says she
had intended to become Sidler's bride.
Yesterdny morning- her prospective
husband's brother. Mnx Sidler, took
the widow out for a streetcar ride.
"\Vh«n she returned to her apartments
at the St. Charles Mrs. Look inquired
for Joseph, in ho occupied rooms in the
same house, and learned that he had
packed his trunk and departed with
her* coin.
OAKLAND. May 10. — Mrs. Melita
Ivook. 30 years old and prepossessing,
complained to the Chief o'f Police to
day that Joseph Sidler. whom she ac
companied from Salt Lake City, had
disappeared with S150 she had loaned
him to invest in a ladies* tailoring es
tablishment. ¦
Melita Look of Salt Ijike Appeals to
Police for Assistance to Find
Missing .Man.
WIDOW LOSES COIN AND
A PROSPECTIVE HUSBAND
MRS. PAGE IS GIVEX
DIVORCE AND MONEY
Ezra Deeoto. graduate manager for the As
sociated Studpnta. left for the East xeaterriay
?o make arrangements for the Eastern trip of
the Glee Club. There is some talk of sending
the baseball team East. too. and in anticipa
tion of such a trip the men are practicing daily
on the campus.
Jackson Gregory., editor of the 'W Blue an<i
Gold, has appointed Charles Duncan, president
of the Associated Students at the Mark Hrm
kins Institute of Art. head of the art staff for
the annual. Thia Is the first time a atudect
at the art school haa been chosen for this v - ; -
tion.
Colonel Henry <I» H. Waite. military instructor
for the Catlet Regiment, to-day appointed Cap
tain Arthur W. Foster senior colonel of th»
regiment. It was Captain Foster's company
pthat won the distinction of belngr the» r»st
drilled in tne command at th<> military field
day on Monday. Howard T. Wayne was ap
pointed colonel of the First Regiment anil-1**
lie W. Stocker colonel of the Second Regi
ment. The following named were appointed
to the of flee of major: George S. Younjt. Otis
E>. Baldwin Frederick S. Ray. John W. Geary
Elmer M. Brown. Roy J. Somers. Edward j".
Martin. Edward S. Abenhelm. Eugene C. La
Rue and Thomas Williamson.
The Civil Service Commission announce*
that an examination for the appointment of »
toed inspection chemist will b? held on June 4.
To the successful candidate will be given *
salary of S2CC0 a year. Application must b«
made to the commission at Washington for
information.
BERKELEY. May 10. — Profusor John,
Fryer of the department of Oriental Languages
was a passenger on tho China steamer leaving
Saturday for the Orient. He goes to settle up
his business affairs, which will include a sev
erance of his relations with th* Chinese Gov
ernment. En route he will visit Manila, gotng
then to Hongkong and later to Shanghai.
where he will meet his son, Georye Fryer, ua
employe or the Government. Profeasor Fry*"'"
will return to Berkeley in tim* to resume n:.*
work a£ instructor in Oriental languages.
The final examination of Charles Gardner
RoKei-3 for the degree of doctor of ihilosophy
will be held in tae lecture room of th» physio
logical laboratory on Thursday afternoon n«\;.
Professor Jacquea Lceb is chairman of thu
committee in charge.
The announcement is made of ttm death -if
Miss Anna Taber, a member of the »*nt->r
class. She passed away at her home In Nap*
and the funeral was held Sunoay in that cif.
Miu Taber was a native of Plumas County. Ti
years old and a graduate of the Xapa High
School.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLJAND. May 10. — A jury this
afternoon awarded' J. Antone Andrada
$5000 damages against Dr. A. J. Dean
of Haywarda for malpractice. Suit
was brought for $10,000.
Andrada alleged that he had called
In Dr. Dean to attend to a broken arm
and* a dislocated shoulder and that
the bandages had been . so tightly
bound as to cut off circulation and
cause mortification. The arm must be
amputated.
Jury Says Dr.* A. J. Dean of Haywiirds
% Must Pay A. Andrada
$5000.
GIVEN DAMAGES AGAINST .
DOCTOR FOR MALPRACTICE
Tb« following has been issued by the ladles
Mrs. T. P. Hogan and Miss Katherine
Maher were made honored guests at a recep
tion which the Catholic Ladles' Aid Society
gave last Monday afternoon. U was . the
generosity of these two ladles that converted
the old and unlovely headquarters of the so
ciety at Eighth and Grove streets Into a coxy
and comfortable meeting place. About fifty
ladles were pres«nt' at the reception. .'Includ
ing Mrs. Marraret -Dean- of> San Franclaco.
Mrs. Hogan and Miss Maher were the sub
jects of a complimentary . Uttle speech ; roado
by Miss Etlsabeth Garvey.
. * • •
Every little while a new woman's club bobs
up serenely and takes Its place In the ranks
of organised femininity. The latest U a
musical club, comnosed of thirty or mow
ladies, and, unlike other organisations of the
came kind, they have decided to fight thslr
way to fame under the leadership of a woman.
Mrs. Oracp Davis Xorthrup. the well-known
•oprano. They style their club the Eurydlce.
Their first nubile appearance" was at Maple.
Hall recently, when they presented 'a very
creditable programme, assisted by outside
talent In thr- rtersons - of William Lelmert,
celll*t. and Willard Younsr, barytone.
The club"* of flc«rg -are: President. Mrs. L
A. Beretta? vie© president. Mra. Adelaide Pal
mer: »ecretary and treasurer. Miss Ltona
Shaw; librarian. MUs Mildred Denny.
Mrs. Welles Whltmore was chairman of the
music committee at Ebell to-day and she suc
ceeded in arranging a very pleasing programme,
as follow-: Piano j-olo Miss Edith Bonnell;
select readings. Miss Clara Louise SafCord:
sofas. Charles H. Smith. Mrs. R. H. Auer
bach accompanied Mr. Smith in her usual de
li-htful fashion.
Mrs. Kate Bulkl«y gave a little talk on
the clubhouse fund, which has been | estab
lished to aid In furnishing clubhouses for
women students of the University of California.
The fund Is administered by a permanently
organized board of trustees, which Includes
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Mrs. Wheeler.
Professor W. C. Jones, Professor C H. Rieber.
Warren Olney Jr., Dr. Jessica Pelxotto, Mrs.
¦Ifc J. Richardson, Mr*. May I*. Cheney, Pro
fessor J. T. Allen. Professor G. C. Edwards
and Dr. Mary B. Ritter. The wonwn'i club*
of California are trying to raise $1000 toward
the loan fund and Mrs. Bulkier closed her
remarks to-day with an. appeal to Ebell to
help In the good work.
Mrs. C. .W. Klnsey hag b«en Acting president
slr.ee the rectnt resignation of Mrs. J. B.
Hume and will probably be selected by the
board to ill I the vacancy if *h« desires to do so.
Mrs. ' Klnsey has many warm admirers in the
club wbo are delighted with the opportunity to
place her in the presidential chair.
Mrs. G. A. WUlard was nrei<idlng hostess at
the luncheon to-day, assisted by Mrs. Rees B.
.Thompson. Mies Annie Vandergaw, Mrs. J. P.
Vane, Mrs. C. D. Vincent. Mrt. Mary B.
Wadsworth. Mrs. A. H. Ward, Mrs. J«hn C.
Walker. Mrs. F. A. Webster, Mrs. E. F.
Weihe. Mrs. F. W. Welle, Mrs. W. S. Wells,
Mrs. Welles Whltmore. Mrs. F. E. Whitney.
Mrs. N. J. Wilcox. Mrs. WUlard F. William
son. Mrs. Francis . J. Woodward. Mrs. B. F.
Woolnor. Mrs. W. W. Word;n. Mrs. E. D.
Yorker, Miss Bertha Young,- Mrs. John Yule,
Miss Emmabelle 11. Zucker, Mrs. Frank Titus,
Mrs. Rupert Whltehead, Mrs. Jamea H.
Wright.
Mrs. Vandertfaw, Mrs. H. C. Capwell. Mrs.
Harmon Cell and Mrs. E. N. Eng'ehardt were
responsible j O r the decorations to-day and the
attractive appearance of the tables and audi
torium was due to th'elr good taste. . Pink
roses adorned the tables and were twisted into
garlands that were festooned acrofs the front
of the stage and about the adjacent pillars.
.An umi.-ually large number of special guests
swelled the list to-day, among the visitors be
ing Mr*. Walkley. wife of St. Paul's new pas
tor: Mrs. Charles Wl*e, Mrs. Ellis, Miss Lou
I>tnison, Mrs. D. V. Ayre. Mrs. S. Leavttt.
Mr?. A. j». Peck. Mrs. W. A. HouU, Mrs.
George Child?, Mrs. Pierce. Mrs. F. M. Rob
inscn, Mrs. A. IX Wtlder. Mrs. W. F. Frear.
Mlvses Saflonl. Miss Bonne]!. Mrs. II. U. Mehr
mann, Mrs. Porter, Mrs. Shelden Davis. Mrs.
Blrnle, Mrs. Smith, Mr*. Greenwood, Mrs. A.
11. Dabney. AUss SturUvant. Miss He^en
Urooks. Mrs. B. C. Roberts, Miss A. Smart.
Mrs. R. T. Hardy, Mrs. Henry Bull. Mrs. Mar
tin of the Mill Valley Club. Mrs. N. S. K<1
inger. Mra. H. E. Jewett, Mrs. Wlckson. Mrs.
K. G. JlMlicwf. Mrs. John Bralnerd. Mrs.
Palm. MUs Edna Kitter. Miss Belle Kallack
of San Frr.ncisco, Mrs. George Williams, Mrs.
Anton McMillan, MIkb C. Clark, Mrs. W. Mer
riman, Mrs. A. J. Samuels, Mrs. Herbert
White and Mrs. John Chart's Adams.
OAKLAND. May 10.— -When a woman is well
gowned and conscious of looking her best, rhe
contributes very materially to the enjoyment
of any gathering of which she may "he a fac
tor, which is a plausible mason why the
Eboll luncheon to-day was an exceptionally
pleasant affair.
It was certainly a well-dressed crowd that
filltd the rose-garlanded clubroom. The Ideal
spring; day had brought out scores of white
gowns and the i>opular silk shirt waist suit
with Its 1830 yoke and full trklrt was much in
evidence.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. May 10.— William Roche
McStay of Alameda Is announced .as
the winner of the coveted Cottle elocu
tion medal of St. Mary's College. This
medal, which is awarded yearly, is the
prize for elocution, for which the en
tire college competes. It Is given by
the Rev. J. E. Cottle of San Francisco,
who graduated from St. Mary's Col
lege with the class of '77, and it Is one
of the most important and most sought
after rewards offered during the col
lege year.
The . contest for this medal extends
over a period of several months. This
year it started with 171 contestants.
These were narrowed .by degrees until
the final effort was. between eight stu
dents — James Francis McCue, William
Roche ilcSjay, Andrew Francis Burke,
Vincent Charles Derhdm, Walter Ber
keleyHinkle. Thomas William Lundy,
Thomas % Joseph Trodden and Chris
topher Joseph Conner. Each of these
young men chose his own subject, that
of Mr. McStay, the winner, being scene
2 of act 4 of "VIrginius."
It was not without difficulty that a
decision was reached by the judges.
This body consisted of Superior Judge
H.' A. Melvin, who was elected chair
man. State Senator G. R. Lukens, City
Attorney J. E. McElroy, B. P. Oliver,
F. J. Kierce, F. J. Sullivan. C. D.
McGettigan and Dr. T. H. Maher. Mr.
McStay was awarded the medal, but a
second choice was so difficult that it
was decided to be a tie Detween Vin
cent Charles^Derham and Thomas Jos
eph Trodden. Mr. Derham chose for
his. subject Wolsey's "Soliloquy" and
Mi*. Trodden for his, "Cataline's De
fiance."
But I'itle routine work was trans
acted. President Jonas, however, an
nounced his appointment of thirteen
delegates to the River and Harbor con
vention to be held in San Francisco
May 23. as follows: G«orge W. Arper,
D. C. Brown, F. M. Farwell. Theodore
Gier. A. Jonas, F. J. L«a. A. H. Schlue
ter. Fred Sinclair. J. F. W. Sohst, J. S.
Wixson. Wilbur Walker and Craigie
Sharp.
Speeches were made by the newly
seated officers. The annual banquet
of the Exchange will be held to-mor
row evening. The reports of the offi
cers show that the Exchange Is in a
.most flourishing condition and has
passed one of the most successful
years in its history. • - . . .
OAKLAND. May 10.— The annual
flection of officers and a directorate of
the Merchants' Exchange of this city
was held this evening in the Merchants'
Exchange rooms In the Central Bank
building. A. Jonas was elected presi
dent of the Exchange. A. H. Schlueter
vice president, W. H. Wellbye treas
urer r.nJ Wilbur Walker secretary.
The members of the board of direct
ors elected are: George W. Arper, R.
M. Briare. D. C. Brown. J. I* Champ-
Iln. H. C. Coward, F. O. Eiben. F. M.
Farwell. Herman Gard. Theodore Gier,
George Hoffman, A. Jonas, F. J. Lea,
K. F. Muller. H. M. Sanborn, A. H.
Schluoter, Fred Sinclair. J. F. W.
Fohst. W. H. Weilbye. H. G. Williams,
J. S. Wixson. E. A. Young and Wilbur
Walker.
Father Cottle's St. Mary's
Prize Is Won by an
Alameda Boyv
A. Jonas Is Elected to
Lead Oakland's Big
Association.
WILLIAM ROCHE McSTAY, WIN
NER OF THE COTTLE MEDAL
FOR ELOCUTION.
A JONAS. NEWLY El-ECTKD
PRESIDENT OF MERCHANTS 1
EXCHANGE OF OAKLAND.
the Share of the Proceeds
Given Her Invokes Law
Womnn Dissatisfied' • With
"There is some money due Mrs.
Kane, but not what she demands and
if she will not be satisfied we are will-
Ing to let the matter go Into court
and be decided there. Since her hus
band's death she has taken none of the
responsibility of the business, nor has
she done a*ny of the work. Hence she
is not 'entitled to a strict division 'of
the -proceeds*."'
Suit for an accounting was brought
to-day against J. J. Hanifin, head of
the well known liquor firm of Hanifin
& Co., by Mrs. Louisa Kane, widow
of Hanifin's late partner, who died a
couple of years ago. At his death Mrs.
Kane succeeded to hlB interest in the
firm and she now alleges that she has
not received her just portion of the
proceeds of the business and asks that
Hanlttn be cajled into court and com
pelled to make an accounting and that
the business be divided between them.
The firm has been established for
many years and conducts two places of
busjness; one at the northwest corner
of Seventh and Broadway and the
other on the south side of Fourteenlh
street, between Broadway and Wash
ington streets. Mrs. Kane alleges that
the proceeds have been $1000 a month,
but that she has only been given $125
a month up to November last and $75
a month since that time.
In regard to the issue between Hani
fin and Mrs. Kane, Attorney George
W. Reed, speaking for trie former,
said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
HIS Broadway," May 10.
LIQUOR FIBM INVOLVED
Mrs. Louisa Kane, Widow
of Jlis Former Partner,
Wants Business Divided
Equally positive are the members of
the board that Dr. Carvin has a fight
on her hands. Secretary Gere asserts
that the reason the application was
rejected was because Dr. Carvin had
b*«»n iMegraKy practicing before a li
cense had been issued to her, and that
«he had not asked for an examina
tion until after a warrant of arrest
had been served on her. The prosecu
tion was one of a number that have
been instijrated by the board in Oak
land.
"1 shall get a license." avowed Dr.
Carvin. with a determined set of her
mouth, "and with this acquittal I shall
b« in a position to make another de
cvand for one."
Attorney S. C. Tait, representing the
board, of which Dr. Dudley Tait is
president, stood upon the proposition
that Dr. Carvin- hud failed to pro
duce the required license to practice
and had unlawfully practiced. Attor
ney E. M. Gibson, -for the pretty de
fendant, insisted that she had shown
Co intention to violate the law.
There the cane rested pending the
<late in April when the board's exam
ination should be held.
Meantime Pr. Carvin made prepara
tions to begin practice, but she swore
to-day that she had never actually fol
lowed her profession except in the
case of a Mrs. Sampson, who had se
cured from her two bottles of heart
tonic. This Mrs. Sampson, it devel
cped to-day, was a private detective
In the employ of the State Board of
Medical Examiners. But Dr. Carvin
In hrr testimony said she had been
riven to understand by Secretary Gere
that when she filed her application
there would be no further trouble. This
testimony was contradicted. At all
events. Dr. Carvin made such a dis
play Of candor concerning: her dealings
with the Board of Medical Examiners
that she won the twelve Jurvmcn and
they returned a verdict of "not guilty"
In two minutes.
Denied a license by the State Board
of Medical Examiners and acquitted
by u Jurv to-day in the Police Court
on « charge of practicing medicine
uithout * license. Dr. C. la Verna
Carvjn. a younK and far from unat
tractive uoraan. declares she will
compel the physicians of the State
board to issue her a document that
fchall entitle her to practice medicine
and surgery in California.
Dr. Carvta is u graduate of the Uni
versity of Michigan. She came to Cal
ifornia laet December and established
herself at f 51 Sixty-Jifth street In this
vil.v. The monlh following Dr. Carvin
filed an application, she claims, with
tht- State Board of Medical Examiners
to tak.» the examination required ny
lavs before It should issue the cer
tificate to practice that the statutes
require.
Th* young wnmun met delay in the
preliminaries, as sh»« waus compelled to
send Kast for character references.
Thcco Mit filed with Dr. George G
il*re. Rwretatj- of the State board,
and t.lso deposited $-0 at 5 an examina
tion fee.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Droadway, May 10.
A meeting of the floral and parade
committee will be held to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock at the office of
Grand Marshal Bates, and the next
meeting of the general committee will
be held at 4 p. m. next Friday.
Carriages — Two-horse. John P. Maxwell;
one-horse. Hugh Hogan, J. Tj-rrel. Dr. II B.
Mehrmann. James P. Taylor W. J Uymanc«
D. Edward Collins. Jt. P. M. Greelcy Oscar
Lunlng, Dr. Derrick, G. Rus.«ell Lukens and J.
R. McGresor.
Tally-hos and four-ln-hands — Bell Amute
ment Company, six-horse tally-ho; West End
Improvement Association of Alameda, four-in
hand.
¦ Float* — Board of Trade and Merchants' Ex
change. Oakland Boosters, Polytechnic Busi
ness Collie*.
Automobiles — C. J. Hfwtn.m. Hugo Muller,
County Retail Grocers" Association, John Con
ant and I'r. A. s*. Cunnlncham.
A. Jonas reported that he 'had can
vassed the principal merchants and
that nearly all had agreed to close their
places of business between the hour*
of 10 a. m. and 2 p. m.
Walter B. Fawcett, chairman of the
athletic committee, reported that the
programme had been arranged as fol
lows :
Foot races < 100- yard handicap) — Handicap*
of lJi yards, 10 yards. 5 yards; 220- yard handi
cap, handicap!* of 15 yards, 10 yards. 5 yards.
Kive-mtU automobile race.
Thre«-mlle lnterclub relay bicycle race.
The parade entries received thus far
are: t
The general committee has been ln
rreased by the addition of the follow
ing business men of Emeryville: J. S.
Emery, P. D. Smith, C. G. Mayborn,
Fred H. Haack, James Mallock and
John C. Coburn..
Grand Marshal Charles D. Bates re
ported that he had secured a number
of aides and requested that the parade
committee decide as to the formation
of the procession as soon aB possible.
Plan* for the Moral parade in honor
of the arrival of the first Santa ,Fe
train were completed this afternoon.
The sub-committees have been working
i-teadily to perfect arrangements and
reports show progress. Entries in th<2
parade divisions have been coming in.
steadily, and a part of the athletic
programme has been arranged. ¦
The uaradf will form in the vicinity
of Seventh and Broadway and the lin>>
of march will be up Broadway to San
Pablo avenue and out San Pablo to
the new Santa Fe de"pot, where the
first train will bo welcomed. The pa
rade will then march to the Oakland
race track, where a review will be held
and the prizes awarded, after which
the athletic programme will be car
ried out. This included field and track
evfnts and there will be an automo
bile race, a three-mile interi.lub relay
bicycle race and horse races for men
riders only. In the automobile race th*
machines must be driven by their
owners.
Oakland Otllee San Francisco Call
1118 Droadway, May 10.
Miss Edith Hatfleld of California is
chairman of the athletic committee,
and Miss Mary Page, also of California,
will lead one of the Bible classes.
In numbers and enthusiasm the con
ference of young women affiliated with
the Young Women's Christian Associa
tion, to be held at Capitola thia year,
is expected to eclipse the records of all
previous gatherings of the kind. Not
only will the associations of the uni
versities of California and Stanford be
represented, but all the smaller schools
and colleges In the State. California la
going to send seventy-five people, and
Stanford sixty more, so that there i.s
already the nucleus for a big gathering.
There will be some notable people
present at thia conference. Stanford
University, will send President Jordan
and Mrs. R. L. Green; Mills College will
send Mrs. T. C. Mills; Occidental Col
lege. Dr. Wads worth; the San Jose
Normal School. Dr. Bailey: the Univer
sity of the Pacific, Dr. McClish: the
University of Nevada, President
Stubbs; the University of California,
Mrs. Cornelius Bradley. Dr. Mary I».
Ritter, Mrs John Fryer, Mrs. Thoma3
Addison and Mrs. McLaughlln.
The conference will open In the Capi
tola Hotel Saturday evening next and
continue for a week. Miss Bertha
Conde, national secretary of the College
Young Women's Christian Association,
will deliver the opening address then.
On Sunday S. Earle Taylor, secretary
for the Young People's Missions of the
j Methodist Church, will preach at the
morning and evening meetings.
Real work will begin on Monday
I morning, when there will be in
| augurated a series of discussions of
j three cardinal subjects — the Bible, mis
' sionaries and student conference?.
These discussions will be conducttd
every morning of the week. The aftei
j noons will be spent in recreation, a
| number of outing trips having already
I been arranged. In the evening twilight
J meetings will be held.
The special features will consist of a
reception to the delegates on Monday
¦ afternenn by the Stanford women, a
| missionary tea on Wednesday afternoon
by the Pomona women and the annual
cQlIese day on Saturday, when there
will be basket-ball and baseball games.
The conference will end with a sermon
on Sunday morning by Will's R. Hotch
kiss of Africa."
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street, May 10.
ACCOUNT ASKED
FROM HANIFIN
Athletic Contests, Automo
bile and Bicycle .Races at
the Oaklaud Kacetrack
Universities of California
and Stanford and Smaller
Schools to Send Delegates
Mr. Rowe went before the Grand
Jury to-day and told them all about
his collections of mileage, and he de
manded that it call witnesses against
him in order that it might substantiate
or disprove the charge against him.
In reply to this request the Grand
Jury decided to continue its sittings
for a week longer and issue a sub
pena for Guilbault.
Upon the eve of the approaching
election nearly all of the Supervisors
have been subjected to some attack
and it is generally charged to politics
and to C. S. MacMullen. who tried to
trap the Supervisors into paying him
an abnormal commission for alleged
services in discovering unassessed
properties. MacMullen's claims were
thrown out by the board and he has
been searching county records ever
since, and in his efforts to secure re
venge he is believed to De at the bot
tom of some if not all of these at
tacks.
Briefly stated the charge against Su
pervisor Rowe Is that he has charged
mileage for obeying the summons of
the State Board of Equalization. Su
pervisor Talcott is being attacked be
cause he made some road inspections
and charged mileage therefor. Super
visor Mitchell was followed for three
weeks by a detective 'in the hopes of
discovering something. Supervisor
Kelley has been charged with putting
a heating apparatus into the Court
House in place of the antiquated sys
tem formerly in use.
All of this matter has been sifted by
the Grand Jury at different times, gen
erally upon the request of the Super
visors themselves. The source of these
attacks has not always been inquired
into. ; The report of the Grand Jury,
however, will deal with the matter as
it finds the facts.
Supervisor H. D. Rowe has deter
mined to have a complete investiga
tion into the charges of collecting il
legal mileage that have been made
against him by J. E. Guilbault.. In,.
stead of allowing Guilbault to go be
fore the Grand Jury with his charges
the Supervisor reversed the '¦ usual
method of procedure and took the mat
ter before the inquisitorial body him
self. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 10.
Kevenge Is Said to Be the
Motive for Attacks Upon
3iembers of County Board
C. La Verna Carvin Insists
Sbe Will Enforce Her De
mand for a State License
EXPLAINS HIS ACTIONS
STORES- -TO BE CLOSED
NOTABLE PEOPLE TO GO
DENIED A CERTIFICATE
Young Practitioner Acquit
ted of Unlawfully Pursu
ing Her Chosen Calling
Celebration "Committee Ar
ranges for Grand Floral
Pa rade to t h e New Depot
Student Christian Associa
tions Plan for Big An
nual Gathering at Capitola
Supervisor Carries Charge
Against Him 'to "Grand
Jury for Investigation
WOMAN FIGHTS
MEDICAL MEN
ROWE SEEKING
A VINDICATION
COLLEGE WOMEN
READY TO MEET
EXCHANGE
NAMES NEW
OFFICERS
ROYAL WELCOME
TO SANTA FE
ELOCUTION
MEDAL GOES
TO McSTAY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1904.
Raid White lx»ttcry Peddlers.
OAKLAND, Muy<10. — The police be
gan raiding white sellers of lottery
tickets to-day.
OAKLAND, .May* 10.— The local
Butchers' Union has granted permis
sion to one of its members to* go to
work for T. H. Novin and issued a
withdrawal card In order that he
might do so without antagonizing the
boss butchers' association. George L.
Lemmon, a member of the executive
committee, stated that Nevin had
proved himself a friend of the union
and that he could have ten men If he
needed them.
Union Allow s .Man to Work.
OAKLAND, May 10.— The Board of
Healih has decided to file an lnjunc-
Uort suit to compel the permanent
closing of all dumping places ' for grar
bnge In this city. The enforcement of
the garbage- crematory ordinance will
be prosecuted vigorously, according to
an announcement made to-day by
Health Officer Dr. Edward' von' A de
lung.
Will Clos»e Garbage Dumps.
Eczema
Salt Rheum. Ringworm, Itch,
Acne, or other skin troubles,
promptlyrelievedand cured by
Thissdentific germidde. which
b harmless, cures by killing:
disease germ*. uVed and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
Qj. <&x£ZGZtZ*>"° Prto«-
*" ~»_ , L i New Yark.
- — »« rm rvialMfel* B««Vlft •¦ t h<-
£($&$$$ s<m*. gaKjgu ra _ F3 Every woman coveti a
loss of their girlfsh forms
Wjjj*]k£¥ -osfe.-. ' after marriage. The bearing
All of this can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from tho
use of this wonderful
book, telling all about
this liniment, will be sent free. JP Bg M ,^^ £i^^"
Tie Bnffleld RegsUtw Ci, Aflat*, fc. m |f®f|o
OAKLAND.
1118 Hroadu-ay.
Telopbone Main 1083.
BEKKEIjKY.
2118 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street. •
Telephone Alumeda 4502.
BRANCH OFFIQES
OF THE- CALL'IN
ALAJMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEJCENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.M. D. Hyde was recalled for further
testimony as to the Wells-Fargo en
velopes formerly in his desk, one of
which was apparently used to inclose
the anonymous letter to Secretary
Hitchcock of the Interior Department.
He denied, however, that any envelopes
just like that one were among those he
was preserving as curiosities, the latter
all having the direction for return to
sender printed on them, and thus dif
fering from that used by the anony
mous writer. The Government, however,
claims to be in possession of several
envelopes from Hyde's stock that are
exact duplicates of the one received by
Hitchcock.
The rest of the day was taken up
with minor witnesses. The hearing will
continue this morning at 10:30 o'clock,
the attorneys on each side promising
to. endeavor to close to-day.
Philip N. Ldlienthal of the Anglo-
Californian Bank said that his institu
tion acted as agent for the Seligmans
in the Aztec land deal, they sending on
the deeds for as much land as Benson
wanted at any one time and the bank
turning them over to him when he paid
down the purchase price. Benson had
not had any such sum as $60,000 on de
posit at any time during the progress
of this business.
THE AZTEC DEAIi.
ment, but declared he was still in Ig
norance whether Hyde and Benson bad
made a cent out of the transaction. He
could recall no conversation whatever
with Dimond on the subject.
Henry Eickhoff, attorney, testified
that Dimond came to him some weeks
after Benson's arrest for advice regard
ing the possibility of his (Dimond's) be
ing compelled to give evidence against
Hyde. At that time a portion of an
anonymous letter was read to the wit
ness, but he could not identify the
passage in any of the letters shown
him by Heney.
Norwegians Will Celebrate.
The Norwegian Club will celebrate
the Independence day of Norway at
Glen Park next Sunday, May 15. A
committee has been preparing for the
event for some time, and, as it will
be first festival of the kind given by
the club, extra energy has been thrown
into the work of arranging the enter
tainment. Popular Norwegian na
tional airs and songs will form part of
the programme.
Frank J. Sramek. a cook, who was
found in the room of Miss N. Goley,
309 Sutter street, on Monday morning
and was arrested by Policeman I*ar
kin on a charge of burglary, is also
wanted in San Mateo County on a
charge of petty larceny.
Manager McLeod of the Burlingame
Club read in the papers yesterday
morning of Sramek's arrest and he
called at the City Prison and at once
identified Sramek. He said Sramek
had been employed under the name
of Schwerin by M. Sheehan, chef at
the club, as an assistant. Sramek dis
appeared last Saturday night. Next
morning the chef reported that Ir.s
watch and three purses containing $50
were missing. ¦ "v
A Justice's warrant was served upon
Sramek at the prison yesterday after
noon and he was booked on the
charge. «
Accused of Stealing Watch and Coin
Belonging: to the Chef at the
Burllnsame Club.
SRAMEK IS NOW WANTED
IN SAN 3IATEO OOCXTT
Judge Cook yesterday afternoon dis
missed the charge of contempt against
Police Commissioner Harry W. Hut
ton, who was cited to answer for hav
ing violated an Injunction issued by
the Superior Court In Department 12
against the police force of the city.
The Injunction prohibited them from
entering or interfering with the prem
ises at 1129 Dupont street. In the same
decision Judge Cook - acquitted Police
men Keohane and Orr of having vio
lated the provisions of the injunction
by climbing over roofs and descending
into the court of the notorious resort
by means of a rope. This was on May
2 and they arrested four Inmates of the
place on misdemeanor charges. ¦
Attorney George D. Collins, on behalf
of the applicant, Jean Pon, who osten
sibly runs a restaurant in front of the
place where women ply an illicit trade,
fought with every legal pretext to have
Police Commissioner Hutton and the
two policemen adjudged guilty of con
tempt. His contention was that the
policemen were acting under instruc
tions from Hutton, delivered to Captain
of Police Duke, and that the arrests
were unlawful because the policemen
were not armed with warrants and
that a certain period of time elapsed
between the commission of the alleged
misdemeanor and the arrest.
RESORT OF VICE.
The premises at 1129 Dupont street
are devoted to fallen women. In front
is a restaurant through which is the
entrance to the women's quarters in
the rear. Judge Cook's injunction for
bade the police to interfere in any way
with the restaurant business unless a
crime was being committed within
their view. Accordingly the police
found a window in the building at 603
Broadway, where they could view the
court in the rear of the restaurant.
They saw the inmates of the cribs ac
costing men visitors and overheard
their solicitations. Then they climbed
over the 'roof of the resort and de
scended into the court, arresting four
women on misdemeanfir charges.
Attorney Collins contended that in
asmuch as the police officers had lost
sight of the defendants during their
descent from their point of observation
they had no right to make arrests and
consequently violated the provisions
of the injunction. In support of this
contention he cited a decision of the
Xew York Court of Appeals, which co
incided with his view. Judge Cook de
clared that he did not agree with the
decision and did not consider it good
law. He held that the officers were
properly in pursuit of a crime they
had witnessed and that the fact that
they had lost sight of the criminals for
a brief time was not sufficient delay to
prevent them from being Justified in
making an arrest on a misdemeanor
charge without a warrant.
HUTTOX IS CLEARED.
As regarded Hutton there was no
testimony to show that he had In
structed Captain Duke or the police
men to violate the injunction. Duke
testified that he and Hutton had con
sidered the provisions of the injunc
tion and Instructed the officers that if
they could witness a violation of the
law they were entitled to enter the
enjoined premises and make arrests of
the violators. Even in. the event that
the policemen had infringed on the
provisions of the injunction, said Judge
Cook, it was clear from the testimony
that Hutton was not amenable, as in
such case the officers had acted be
yond instructions. The citation against
Hutton was dismissed and after Po
liceman Keohane had testified both he
and Orr were purged of contempt.
Among the witnesses during the
hearing were Police Commissioners
Drlnkhouse and Regan. Both declined
to testify regarding the instructions
and power given Hutton In the matter
on the ground that such were given
In executive session of the Board of
Police Commissioners and were privi
leged communications. Both had writ
ten statements made out by their coun
sel and Judge Cook -sustained their
contention.
Hiram Johnson, at the opening- of
the morning session, read the answer
of respondent Hutton, making specific
denials of the charges in the complaint
and then denounced the resort at 1129
Dupont street in unmeasured terms.
Attorney Collins moved to strike out
that portion of the answer as irrele
vant and Judge Cook granted the mo
tion. Johnson made an impassioned
plea for retaining In the record that
part of the answer, because, he said,
the restaurant business conducted *by
Jean Pon was notoriously a sham and
fraud and intended solely to protect
a resort that was one of the most im
moral spots in the city.
CHARGED WITH PERJURY.
During the morning session a woman
named Rosie Miller, who had been ar
rested for vagrancy by Policemen
Davids and. Barry, testified that she
had never entered the premises at 1129
Dupont street, except on the occasion
of her arrest. As soon as she reached
the corridor she was arrested for per
jury at the instance of Captain Duke
and booked at the City Prison. A writ
of habeas corpus was sued out before
Judge Cook and she was brought Into
court during the afternoon. In the
meantime the Judge had ordered her
testimony stricken out as being; not
relevant.
At the close of the contempt pro
ceedings Judge Cook ordered the re
lease of the Miller woman on her own
recognizance, because in no case could
she be convicted of perjury, as she
had not testified to any material . fact.
The contempt proceedings against
Policemen Davids and Barry, charged
with having violated the'injunction on
two occasions, will be heard on Mon
day morning next.
" Tee firplication fc^ a writ of habeas
corpus fcr the- release from custody of
' Hennas SeSuxtoich. charged -with ob
taining money by false pretenses, was
Ersutd before Judge Cook on Monday
and the Judpe granted the writ and
.e'dcred tte prisoner discharged on the
&rc^r.d tfcat the evidence at the pre
liminary hearing before Police Judge
.•Conlan Tras insufficient to hold the de
iecdant
The case had been assigned for trial
•isL Lawlor's court and yesterday
mcrr.ing the Judge dismissed the in
5cr^:ation in view of the action of
Judge Cook, but he made an order that
If *as done without prejudice to the
; .<-op:e *o that If at any future time
additional evidence could be procured
•Ibe' defendant could be rearrested.
Schubach is a young ticket broker
ih St. Lou'.s and last January, while
ceznlss to this State for his health, he
met on the train E. F. Holmes. When
'faey reached this city it was alleged
that th«?y conspired to pass a "ringer"
ticket on lottery* ager.ts for the capital
"prize of iTLOO for that month's draw
ir.g. The ticket was passed and the
T-nofiey paid. Holmes fled from the
¦ y after dividing the money with
¦ Bcljubach. who was arrested on a war
;srt charging him with obtaining tnon
ry by fal?* pretenses. He was held to
iassT er last March and his bonds were
Hied in 510.000.
The police had information from Mrs.
"i^-r.ie Patton that while she was em
ployed in the establishment of the Aug
ust Gast Bank Note and Llthograph
•.';- Company. St. Louis, she was in
duced by Holmes to steal some of the
.i;nr.« rr.bered tickets of the lottery com
pany" which were printed there so that
rap could carry into effect his scheme
by printing on one of the tickets the
¦winning number, but her evidence was
not -lakcn at the preliminary hearing.
• Unfortunately the question as to
v h?-th«>r a lottery ticket after drawing
p. "prize is in the sense of the law
¦property" was not made a part of the
prour.«Jp for the writ and rtlll remains
unsettled.
Gixc Two Days" Concerts.
, Columbia Park boys are going to
give two afternoon and evening enter
ttgnments at their hall. 318 Seventh
1>; reet > and -aill begin this afternoon at
.jt o'clock and apain in the evening at
' V.'SO. Th^ir programme to-morrow
• will be continued in th*» afternoon at
4 o'clock and in the evening' at 8:30.
• There will be an exhibition of the're
sults • of manual training, art, music.
• gymnastic work, military discipline
.a'nd -commercial training. The club's
specially arranged concerts will be
given in the afternoons and evenings
ifnder" the direction of Sidney S. Piex
• oifo. *
Luthcran Church Picnic.
'The annual picnic of the First Eng-
!:?h Lutheran Church, to be held at
* v"amr> Taylor. Saturday, May 14. prom
ises to be a most popular affair. In
caticipation of a very large crowd ar
rangements have been made to assure
ihe '.comfort of the picnickers. The
• Jioat.will leave at 9 o'clock a. m. from
the S^usallto ferry. Tickets, which
are $1 for adults and 50 cents for chil
drer. may be obtained at the church
or thr' ferry.
For holding up a Chinese opium den
at 717 Sacramento street at 6 o'clock
yesterday morning and robbing the
proprietor and three of his white pa
trons Alexander Wheatley was ar
raigned before Judge Mogan and or
dered to appear for examination next
Monday, with ball fixed at $3000. He
was positively identified as one of two
masked men who committed the rob
bery. The other is believed to be Jack
Ramsey, and the police are on his
track. His wife, Rose, has been arrest
ed and is detained as a witness.
It was a bold crime. In the place at
the time the robbers entered were Ah
Cheng, the proprietor: William Sykes,
Harry Emridge and Edward Preston.
At the point of revolvers the quartet
v.ere commanded to throw up their
hands, and In that attitude they were
ranged against the wall and systemat
ically plundered. From Sykes one of
the robbers took $31 50. and Ah Cheng
was relieved of 60 cents. The other vic
tims decline to state -how much they
lost. After being robbed the four men
were bound with ropes and warned to
make no outcry. Then the marauders
retired. It was Sykes who first man
aged to work his hands free from their
shackles and give the alarm.
Wheatley was arrested at 21S Mont
pomery avenue by Officers Brown and
Holmes. He gave his occupation as
bartender, but the police say he Is a
professional thief. It was the descrip
tion of him furnished to the police by
Sykes that led to his arrest, and
his Identification promptly followed.
Wheatley'g mask dropped off while he
was at work, and Sykes caught a
glimpse of a peculiar facial scar before
the disguise was resumed.
• • •
Alice Evans, in whose apartment in
the Carroll House, on Sixth street,
Charles Ford waa shot in the head by
George Pearson on the night of April
19. was a reticent witness at the pre
liminary hearing of Pearson yesterday
before Judge Mogan. She swore that
Just prior to the shooting she swooned,
and was restored to consciousness by
the sound of the pistol shot, fo that
she did not see Pearson with the
weapon in his possession. Her evident
inclination to shield the defendant at
the expense of her veracity brought
sharp reproof from the bench, but she
could not be induced to alter her story.
The testimony of Ford, in whose
head the bullet still nestles, was
straightforward, and a sharp cross-ex
amination failed to shake it in any par
ticular. The case will be resumed next
Thursday.
• • •
Two 12-year-old girls. convent
pupils, were the accusers of Joachim
Thorde and their testimony prompted
Judge Mogan to increase the defend
ant's bail from $10 to $100 cash.
While they were walking on Eddy
street, near Mason, at 8:30 o'clock
Monday evening, the girls stated, they
were accosted by Thorde, who ad
dressed them with undue familiarity
and said he would like to have one of
them accompany him to the St. Louis
Exposition. When they attempted to
escape he detained them and finally
they called a policeman and had him
arrested.
Thorde's defense was that he had
been drinking and only intended to
joke. He was released from the army
on April 29. he said, and since then
has been residing at 569 eary street.
The case was continued to enable the
police to investigate the man's record.
Harry Clark, a student, stood simi
larly charged in the same court, his
accusers being two young girls, who
alleged that on Monday night while
they were returning from a theater
to their home in the Western Addi
tion the defendant followed them un
til they told Special Officer Helbush,
who arrested him at Sacramento and
Scott streets. Their testimony was
corroborated by the officer, who had
watched Clark follow the complain
ants.
The case was continued till next
Thursday for investigation of char
acter and the defendant's bail fixed
at J300.
It was a social club, with respect
ability vouched for by Chinatown's
elite, that Ah Son victimized when he
stole three opium pipes, and several
members of the organization were in
Judge Fritz's court to swear, if need
be, that no "dope" was ever smoked
under the club auspices or even with
the club's sanction. Ah Son himself
swore that his plunder was not club
property, but belonged to one of his
Innumerable cousins, who owed him
money and refused to pay. With the
club's skirts thus cleared of suspicion
of sheltering a "Joint" the remainder
of the trial was unprolific of Interest.
It was proved that Ah Son pawned the
pipes for $5 and then sold the pawn
ticket for II and he will be sentenced
to-day for petty larceny.
John Hayes, professional mendicant.
committed the indiscretion of his life
when he wandered from his usual
haunts and attempted to ply his call
ing at the main entrance to the Palace
Hotel, for Judge Mogan Is noted for
protection of the guileless tourist from
the local beggar. Six months was the
sentence promptly prescribed for
John.
• • •
Mrs. One Gogadus was given . thirty
days in the County Jail for cruelly
neglecting her five-year-old son, and
twenty-four hours In the City Prison
was the sentence received by, her hus
band, George, It having been shown
that he was out of town at the time
the babe Va« left to starve by its
mother. Judge Mogan supplemented
the sentences with a scathing arraign
ment of the woman, in which he dwelt
upon the fact that drink had quenched
her natural love of offspring.
William King's morbid curiosity led
to his arrest, and Judge Fritz fined him
IS for neglecting to curb It.
While the remains il a man who
had dropped dead were lying at Third
and Mission streets awaiting transpor
tation to the Morgue the policeman In
charge was annoyed oy Mr. King's
Importuning him for permission to look
at the deceased's face, which was cot
ered with a cloth. The officer repeat
edly informed Mr. King that nobody
would be allowed to touch the corpse
until the Coroner had taken charge of
it, but while his back was momentar
ily turned Mr. King slyly removed the
cloth and peered at the dead face until
he was caught in the act. He could
not explain to the court his irresistible
yearning to gaze upon grewsome sights.
"We have already found six previous
convictions of James Turner (colored)
for vagrancy," said his Honor, "and
the clerk will continue his search of
the records until he finds ten more, for
the police say thaf the total is six
teen."
"Guess dey am right, yo* Honah,"
said James Turner (colored), "an" ef
'twill save yo' clehk enny trubble I'se
will confess to sixteen."
"Xo' trouble at all for the clerk,
James," was the cheerful response; "he
is paid for ; searching the records,
among other things. Meantime, as the
quest proceeds, you can go up to the
County Jail for thirty days, and by
that time. I guess, we will have the
count completed."
. Alexander McDonald and Patrick
Lyons were building bridges and sav
ing money in Arizona when they de
cided to take a vacation and separate
themselves from some of their hoard-
Ings in this city. When they were
arrested night before last for fighting
on Howard street they were drunk and
had about J200 apiece.
"Of course we're guilty," said Mr.
McDonald to Judge Fritz, "and I guess
we're able to pay what you're goln*
to fine us."
"I'll let you down easy," said the
Judge; "by paying $5 apiece you can
go. If you desire to do any more fight
ing hire a hall and battle where you
will not be Interrupted and put to the
inconvenience of arrest."
John Anderson, arrested for vagrancy
in Portsmouth square, bitterly in
veighed against the way in which he
was treated by the gardener of that
oasis In the north-end Sahara.
"Wese a sittin' on a bench, me an'
anudder gent." said Mr. Anderson, "not
doin' nottin* to nobuddy, but jlst dis
cussin' some perlitical matters. Wen
dis fresh guy comes along an* turns
de hose on us. Den, w'en me friend an'
me purtests, he calls de cop an' wese
pinched. I now charges him wid bat
tery."
The complainant did not deny the
hose incident, nor did the court seem to
consider it offensive.
"From your general appearance. Mr.
Anderson." the court said. "I feel jus
tified in opining that the hose-playing
did you more. good than harm. And
this opinion is formed with full appre
ciation of your aversion to water, either
as a beverage or a cleansing fluid. Five
dollars or five days."
"An* yet de parks are maintained fer
de use of de people!" indignantly ex
claimed Mr. Anderson.
"That's what." acquiesced his Honor;
"but they are not maintained as loafing
places for vagrants."
Mrs. Angelina Melanasi and Mrs.
Beatrice Sicca. with the aid of an Ital
ian interpreter, told to Judge Mogan
their respective versions of that memo
rable unpleasantness a few evenings
ago on Cortland avenue which resulted
in the arrest of Mrs. Melanasl for the
alleged brandishing of a knife and a
hatchet and the threatening to bespat
ter a sidewalk with the gore of Mrs.
Sicca. The versions were widely at va
riance, or course, as were the state
ments of eye-witnesses.
Once upon a time the Melanasis and
the Siccas were partners in the retail
fruit business at 215 and 4S0 Cortland
avenue, and when the Siccas retired
they left some of their personal prop
erty in the two stores retained by the
Melanasis. When the Siccas called at
215 they were told by Mr. Melanasi that
he knew nothing of their left-behind
belongings, and referred them for fur
ther enlightenment to Mrs. Melanasi,
who was presiding at 420. There they
were received in open hostility by Mrs.
Melanasi, who, the complainants aver,
chased them from the store by flourish
ing an ax around their heads. When
the weapon was wrested from her hand
by a gentleman who happened to be
present she seized a large and sharp
knife and hurled it at Mrs. Sicca, but
with such truly feminine aim that at
three yards' range it missed its in
tended target by about three feet and
stuck quivering in the wooden side
walk.
The defense not only denied the
hatchet and knife practice, but tried to
make It appear that Mrs. Melanasi's re-
Bort to the deadly use of those weapons
would perhaps have been justifiable,
inasmuch as Mrs. Sicca had more th^n
insinuated that Mrs. Melanasi's rela
tionship with Mr. Melanasi was not
sanctioned by either State or church.
This provocative phase was under dis
cussion when Judge Mogan abruptly
ordered a continuance of the hearing
till to-day.
Nineteen-year-old Sophie Leighton
accuses her father, who resides at 1403
Montgomery street and works along
shore, with neglecting to provide for his
four children, of whom she is the eld
est- Since the mother, died Sophie has
been the housekeeper, and she alleges
that unless the natural guardian of her
brother and little sisters is compelled
to mend his ways the household will
go to ruin. Judge Mogan will hear the,
father's defense to-day.
Xotice to Passengers.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, etc.. at low rates. One trunk (sin
pie trip) 35 cents; round trip SO cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 308 Taylor. 650 Market, Oak
lacd Fernr Dew*. Phone Exchange 48. •
ARROWSMITH LOSES SUIT.— Judge Heb
bard yesterday non-suited G. E. Arrowsmltli In
his suit t» recover from Emma F. Sides, ad
ministratrix of the estate of B. T. Sides, his
former business associate. $750 he claimed he
advanced to Sides ehortly before the latter'*
death.
Susan Dickinson, Hyde's comely
stenographer and bookkeeper, was next
called by Heney. Schlesinger objected
on the ground that any information
obtained by her from her employer was
privileged, .but he was overruled. Miss
Dickinson admitted that she had sent
affidavits and deeds to the notaries to
be completed with Jurats or acknowl
edgements-when the persons purport
ing to execute them were absent. She
had written a letter on the subject of
Schneider to Hazzard, Hyde's Tucson
attorney. She could not recall its sub
stance. It might have been something
about keeping Schneider from talking.
BARNES GOT HYDE'S MONEY.
The most important witness of the
day was James Jay Barnes, a vener
able clerk in te General Land Office
at Washington, whom Heney called
for the purpose of showing that Harlan
and Valk were not the only employes
of that great department bribed by the
alleged conspirators. Barnes said he
had been in the land office for nearly
forty years and that he had been re
ceiving money from Hyde in driblets
since 1S95.
The witness avoided direct answers
as much as possible and showed that
he felt the humiliation of his position
deeply. But it gradually came out
that the money was paid for extra
work in furnishing Hyde with advance
Information regarding State school
lands and indemnity lands, matters not
directly Included In the Indictment.
Barnes was the man to whom the now
famous "Dear Sir" letters were sent by
Hyde, who had paid him about $550 in
all, he said.
John D. Ackerman, the land and min
ing attorney, contradicted Dimond on
an important point. The defendant tes
tified that Ackerman had told him that
Hyde and Benson had divided $60,000
as their profits from the Aztec deal.
Ackerman not only denied such a state-
When the three women left the com
missioner's stuffy little room, Joseph
B. Frontin, the breezy cattleman from
Tucson, was recalled for cross-exam
ination. He started many a laugh
among the spectators by his positive
answers, but added nothing to his
previous story regarding his relations
with Defendant Joost H. Schneider
and Schneider's disclosures to him re
garding Dimond and Hyde.
Bert Schlesinger, of Hyde's counsel,
then moved to strike out all the testi
mony in the record tending to show
that Elizabeth Dimond was a myth, on
the ground that it rested on Schneider's
declarations made after he had left
Hyde's employ. Heacock denied the
motion.
Government Counsel Heney beg^.n
the day by bringing to tne stand \all
the other members of Banker Morris'
Oakland household, where Hyde's lieu
land selector, Elizabeth Dimond, waa
alleged to have been employed as a
servant at the time he was sending
documents purporting to have been
executed by her to Washington. Mrs.
Mary P. Morris, Mrs. Mary E. Morris
and Mrs. Caroline Morris Burdick, re
spectively the wife, daughter-in-law
and daughter of Henry S. Morris, who
testified on Monday, each took the
stand and gave exactly the same testi
mony the banker and his son bad
given.
They never knew a woman named
Elizabeth Dimond, but they distinctly
remembered that at some indefinite
time in the past a "girl" called Lizzie
had worked for them. They did not
remember whether she was in their
home during 1S97, when her name was
being used on the papers in Hyde's
office. They never knew of her signing
any papers. Of course, like other
"help," she had her day. off each week
and might have employed it in teal
estate transactions with their kinsman
Hyde over on this side of the bay.
They had never heard of one H. M.
Morris, who is alleged by the Govern
ment to be another of Hyde's fictitious
selectors of public lands.
FROVTIX ON'CE MORE.
Yesterday's hearing In the land
frauds case was devoted to gathering
In stray Items of evidence not yet on
the record and otherwise preparing for
the close.
Officers May Enter Enjoined
Premises After They See
a Misdemeanor Perpetrated
John D. Ackerman Declares
He Never Told Defendant
of Benson's Aztec Profit
Jrid^e Cook Holds That the
Evidence at Preliminary
Hearing Is Insufficient
DIMOND CONTRADICTED
POLICEMEN DISMISSED
James J. Barnes, Aged Gov
ernment Clerk, Says He
'Was' on Hyde's Payroll
ft. Schubach. St. Louis Brok
er Charged With Swind
• ling Lottery Men, Is Free
illSCHAKGED OX A WRIT
Court Holds That the Police
Commissioner Has Not In
fringed on Pon Injunction
They Rob and Bind the Proprietor of the Place
and Three White Patrons and the Face Cover
of One Thief Drops Off and Discloses Identity
GAINS RELEASE
FROM CUSTODY
MANY TESTIFY
IN LAND CASE
HUTTON PURGED
BY JUDGE COOK
TWO MASKED MEN HOLD
UP CHINESE OPIUM DEN
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. ;- MAY ,11, 1904.
7
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
prpvidentIjfe and
TRUST COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on tbe 31st day of December.
A. D. 1003, and for the year «ndlne on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant t» the re-
quirements of Section 613 of the Political Cud»
of said State.
CAPITAL.
Aroount of Capital Stock paid up
la Cash $1,000,000 C*
ASSETS. ~~
value of Real Estate Owned
ty the Company $a.S08.97« 3
Amount of Loans secured by
Bend and Mortfaje ca Jleal
Eetate 14.1S4.S33 M
An.ount of Loans secured by
pleoge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 5.192.333 «
Premium not*s and loans In any
rorm taken in payment of pr-na-
lums on policies now in force. . 3.032 21
Cash market value of a:i Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com-
pany 22.872.S2O CO
Amount of Cash oa hand in Com-
pany's Office 160.497 0a
Interest due the Company and un-
paid 19,327
Interest accrued but not due 277,tS63 H
Net amount of premiums In pro-
cess of collection and of de-
ferred premiums 8S2.833 l>
Cash loans to Policy holders on
this Company's policies assigned
as collateral 4.41«.6»4 3S
Rents due and accrued 27.533 7T
Total Assets $31,131,581 9*
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma- * *
tured endowments, due and un-
paid $41,520:7
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due .., ". 21.5M Oft
Net prevent value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Ex-
perience Tables of Mortality,
with four per cent Interest 43.440.736 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends
to policy holders 73.077 M
Present value of unpaid amounts
on matured Installment policies. 3C3,SS5 O
Ai: other Liabilities 6S3.11S sS
Total Liabilities $44,315,941 13
INCOME. '
Cash, received for premiums oa
new policies during the year... $735,309 Vi
Cash received for renewal of
premiums during the year 5.607.919 40
Cash received for ssle of annu-
ities 4S.654 5l»
Cash received for Interest 2,0*1. »7.1 7t
Cash received for rents 121.222 S4
Cash received from all other
sources 162,027 99
Total Incoms $S.737.1C»M
EXPENDITURES. " ~
Cash paid fnr losses and matured
endowments $3,169.9*7 44
Cash paid to annuitants 74.4S4 0A
Cash paid for surrendered policies 522.703 S»
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders - 819.024 V,
Commissions paid to agent* 281.329 20
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners. 279.S37 £3
Salaries and traveling expenses
of managers of agencies 20.230 32
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries 30.014 73
Cash paid for taxes 107.95.9 41
Cash paid for renta 21,377 32
Cash paid for commuting commis-
sions ?54,557 M
Total Expenditures during the
year $3.980.<37 41
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium obUwttons »* ' » 4.V
beginning cf the year $3,2*4 69 -«.
Premium notes and other "
premium obligations re-
ceived daring the year... 893 90
Total in.W&T*
Dtductlons during the year.
aa foUows: >¦ - *
Amcunt or notes and other .» •
premium obligations used
In payment of dividends
to policy holders $1,037 C8
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations re-
deemed by maker In cash. 13 24
Total reduction of
Premium Note Ac- VCV"''
count $LC3S »
Balance note asset* at
•cd of ths year $8.083 3«
SAMTnEX* R. SHIPLET. President.
a TV. BORTON. Secretary.
Subscribe* and swora ta before me. tola J
lStb day of January. 19C4. 5*i»a
SAMUEL R. REED, Notary Fnbll*
VAIL & ELDRIOSE, 6en3ral Agents,
801 and 824 Hayward Bnildlngr, S.F.
402 Trust Building:. Los Angeles.
MARK FT ST. * F .
DIRECTORY
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists MaUrt
¦ on Application.
7SSSS AUTO SAXT KBATS.
jas. boyes & ca ss^fffig-a
oils. ;. .
LCBRICATTXO OILS:.LEONAR1> * EL1I3,
41« rroat «t^ S. V. Phone Mala 171*.
pxnrrnio.
. C. nLUOfci. 611 6aaaome«U d. T.
INLAID LINOLEUMS
Come in Carpet, Tile and Hardwood effects and
are very appropriate for Kitchens, Bathrooms,
Vestibules, Offices^and Stores. The ¦ colors and
patterns extending'through their entire thickness
insures many years of service. Neither our im-
mense display nor our reasonable prices can be
matched elsewhere in this city. Special —
INLAIDS, $1.25 a square yard, laid.
W&J SLOANE&CO.
•FURNITURE -CARPETS - RUGS -DRAPERIE5-
114-122 POST STREET
"Congo Bongo," Latest Musical Novelty of the Year, With Next Sunday's Call
gSrv9 *^"^ *% • ]^&LtBi4!3[£ ——
* \~\ Iff
BORAXOLOGY
Three - fourths of the
earth is water. If the
....other fourth was Borax
we could wash the uni-
verse cUan.
BORAX cleanses be-
- rond the power of Soap
. and water.
In the bath, toilet, laun-
dry — erery place soap and
water are used — you dou-
• "ble its power to cleanse,
purify and whiten when
you add BORAX.
If you would be sure
to get it pure ask for
20-MULE-TEAM
BRAND BORAX. Sold
by Druggists and Grocers
everywhere, £, \ and 1-lb.
packages.
TV iiirw -AMERICAN GIRL- PICTURES
•TREE to ?crcksaez* of " ao-Mulr-Tctm ". Borax.
At ttores or aest for BOX TOP ted * c. ia (tamps.
H'.£- Coast Borax Co, Xew York. Quest; &**
Firr irnr
•ft-Unlc-Team— Otxr Trade Maxk.
A T> TJTTR.TTft'FM V. Tf*.
ATluK.rtTTKHMPUJ'I'H
ADVERTISEMENTS.
raj Highest in Public jgft
jPff Estimation. Wk .
|JL Hartshorn dL-l
tt Shade^RoIlers |i
M * r * ierc js a best in everything." In \
m shade roflers it's a Hartshorn. No first-class •
Eg, dealer will offer you any bxxt a Hartshorn. ||
I [ To be sure you get the genuine, look on the I
I label for "the script signature of Stewart f
¦ Hartshorn, "Improved" requires no I
S. Wood Roflers. Ttn Rotters. MGEORGIA DIVORCE— J. K.. City. In
the State of South Carolina there are
no divorce laws. If a party went from
that State to Georgia in order to ob
tain a divorce such party would have
to reside in the last named State one
year before commencing an action for
legal separation. The concurrent ver
dict of two juries at different terms of
court must be obtained before an ab
solute divorce is granted in that State,
and in addition the Jury fixes the disa
bility, which, however, may by a court
be removed on presentation of proper
testimony to warrant the removal of.
such disability. When an absolute di
vorce has been granted to- the wife that
terminates the marital relations be
tween the parties, and there is no rea
son why the husband should "com
'mence an action to be divorced from
the wife who was divorced from him."
THE CABINET— The members of the
Cabinet of President Roosevelt are;
Secretary of State, John Hay of Ohio;
Secretary of the Treasury, Leslie M.
Shaw of Iowa; Secretary of ¦War, W.
H. Taft of Ohio; Attorney General.
Philander C. Knox of Pennsylvania;
Postmaster General. Henry C. Payne
of Wisconsin; Secretary of the Navy.
William H. Moody of Massachusetts;
Secretary of the Interior, Ethan A.
Hitchcock of Missouri; Secretary of
Agriculture, James Wilson of Iowa:
Secretary of Commerce and Labor,
George B. Cortelyou of New York.
The visit of King Edward and Queen
Alexandra to- Denmark recalls the fact
that in 1700 an act was passed prohib
iting the British sovereign from being
out of the three kingdoms without the
consent of Parliament. No such con
sent is now necessary. The act of 1700
was repealed In 1715. It Is noted by
the *Pall Mall Gazette that the first two
Georges were frequently out of the
country. George III was never more
than 100 miles from London. George
IV was abroad In 1821. William IV
never left the realm. In pursuance of
an old law, the King was required to
appoint a commission of the lords Jus
tices, or a guardian, to exercise royal
authority during the King's absence.
In 1845, when the late Victoria was
about to orisit Germany, the opinion of
the law officers was taken as to wheth
er the law still required the appoint
ment of a commission. The officials
decided that inasmuch as there had
been no commission since 1821, the
practice had become obsolete. "In the
debate of 1845 It was pointed out that
the great facilities for travel had re
moved the expediency of such a pro
ceeding. This, of course, is even truer
to-day."
When a King Visits.
THE grocers' convention and pure food show in this
city have drawn attention to our rivals in wine
making. Tnese rivals are not all in Europe. The
Monticello Wine Company recently held its annual meet
ing at Charlottesville, Va., and declared a nine per cent
dividend. Other Eastern wine companies seem to be
thriving, though not a grape grown in the East contains
within itself the elements necessary in £. sound wine.
Those wines are all stretched with cane sugar, tartaric
acid and grain alcohol. Mr. Allen, secretary of the Pure
Food Association, in his last report says that sixty per
cent of» the French still wines and eighty per cent of
French champagnes are adulterated, though the French
grape crop of the last two years has been large and na
tural wine very cheap. Much of the wines* in the sixty
per cent of adulterated product never saw a vineyard and
grape juice forms no part of their composition. The
still wines and champagnes are adulterated with new
grain alcohol and acids deleterious to health. The use
of cane sugar in French wines is encouraged by the Gov
ernment. The consumption of such sugar in the wineries
of that country amounts to 80,000,000 pounds per year.
In 1884 the French Government began a system of re
bates on sugar used in wine. The law recognizes "sue
rage" of wine. True, it pretends to prohibit their expor
tation, but examination of French wines imported to this
country proves that this prohibition is ineffective, as it
was probably intended to be.
The marketing of these mixtures, domestic and im
ported, directly affects the wines of California. The final
effect upon our vintage will be that our vintners, com
pelled to compete with these stretched wines, will begin
to stretch their own. Weak musts will be sugared, their
color brought up with drugs, and tht vinous effect forti
fied with tartaric acid, while the strength will be forti
fied by grain alcohol. If a vintner can use cane sugar in
his must he will pay Ies3 ; for grapes that show the re
quisite quantity of grape sugar in' the sacchrometcr, and
OUfc WINE RIVALS.
CEILING— A. O. S.. City. Ceiling
Is not derived, as you suppose, from
coelum, the canopy of heaven. It 1*.
from seal, to close . up, and was for
merly used to describe wainscotlnt?
generally. That which we now call
the ceiling was in the long ago called
the "upper seeling." to distinguish ic
from that which "seeled" the sides of
walls.
SCRIPTURAL. MONET— A. H. T..
Taylorsville, Cal. A silver talent. Jewish
money, mentioned In Scripture was
$1707 United States value, and talent of,
gold was $27,320.
Public interest was noticeably excited recently by the
announcement that a judge, sitting to determine the equi
ties of a case, so decided as to inflict upon himself heavy
financial damages which by his own decree he will pay.
The wonder lessened, however, when it was known that
the judge was an amateur in the law, a man of the sea
and not of Blackstone. He knew so little of law as to
be inspired by an instinctive sense of justice. .
A VERDICT-^J. B. R.. Conejo. CaL
A verdict rendered by a Jury In Califor
nia is not invalid because the Jury was
a mixed one composed of Christians
and Infidels.
'Answers to Queries.
IT is reported from the California exhibit at St. Louis
that the principal business of our officials is telling
Eastern people the names of our fruits and other
products. Many varieties of our plums are not grown
nor known there. The East does not know the loquat,
kaki, pommegranate, guava, sinshiu orange, medlar nor
hundreds of our varieties of grapes.
It stares at our silk cocoons, our fiber plants and our
peculiar varieties of vegetables. It is amazed at string
beans with pods three feet lone and at cucumbers with
a longitude of two feet. In the mineral department it
is up against alabaster, mica, asbestos, rare crystals of
enormous size and rocks colored like sunrise and sunset.
The proper knowledge is put abroad Dy our exhibit.
The people will learn once for all that ro other part of
the earth produces as great a variety of the things useful
to man, and ornamental, as California. It is told that a
California girl, expatriated by an Eastern marriage, had
besought her husband in vain to visit California. She
took him to St. Louis and turned him loose in our ex
hibit, with the result that he is hurrying home to pull up
Stakes and come here. Our native daughters may do
much missionary work by going East and marrying hus
bands who can be induced to make a home in California.
We suggest that our State building at St. Louis is a good
headquarters for that kind of missionary effort. Eastern
people who go to Europe every year because they want
to spend time where the olive and the orange grow and
the sun shines warm at the winter solstice will look upon
us at St. Louis and spend their next winter here.-.
The first reports of the effect produced by our exhibit
are most satisfactory. As the season advances and our
fresh fruits are added to the exhibit in jars, the Eastern
eye will open wider and wider. It is already apparent
that California carries off the honors, in the exposition
and our people will see to it that we hold the lead we get
at the start.
OUR FRUITS AT ST. LOUIS.
farewell, sweetheart." y
— Dan McLaughlin.
Naught do I ask for my journey, only
one simple plea,
Midway in maddest revel, sometimes
you'll think of me.
Back to our crimson garden, with bleed
ing feet I part;
Only one simple message. "Farewell,
The memory of you is fainter and I
place no blame on you.
You were led to your kin by remem
brance, my memory dies with our
love, ——
But I always ask benediction on you
from my God above.
We ere alien in language and color, but
once our hearts spoke true;
I have traveled to this strange country,
with much of rebuff and pain,
And my tender feet on the trallways
were cut and cut again.
Think not, my love. I seek you, to burst
in a bitter swell;
'Tis only to graze on your face once
more, only to say farewell.
life that was once serene.
But the years that have slipped and tha
silence of you, with a world be
tween.
Have sent me upon a journey from a
The odorous foam of the fountains in
this garden of yours and mine.
In the light of a lucent moon shining,
forbade me to grieve or pine.
We met in a garden of crimson; it was
ages and ages agone,
As measured in aeons of misery by one
left to suffer alone.
Each blossom that budded and faded.
each rose with petals outcast.
Was a sign that reunion was advent.
that pain In my heart would not
last.
Renunciation.
E, H. Harriman was ejected from the New York build
ing at the St. Louis Exposition a few nights since by a
watchman who didn't know the railroad magnate and
who evinced every indication of an emphatic refusal to
enlarge his sphere of acquaintances. Mr. Harriman is
probably philosophic enough to reflect after all that en
vironment makes the man. In these hurly burly days of
modern progress we have to label even our men of note.
Although the production of india
rubber has largely increased during
recent years, the demand still ex
ceeds the supply, owing to the ma
terial having come into use for many
fresh purposes. Prices consequently
continue to rise, especially for the
finer qualities from the Upper Ama
zon. But the inferior sorts share tho
appreciation to a sufficient extent to
stimulate those engaged in the indus
try to put forth fresh efforts to aug
ment the supply. Some idea of the
inflation of consumption may be
formed from the quantities sold at
Antwerp, the chief European market.
Public sales are held there at month
ly intervals, and, in spite of higher
prices, between 300 and 400 tons
change hands, being considerably
.more than in that "palmy" year,
1899. At present the Congo State fur
nishes by far the largest quantity,
thanks mainly to the pressure of
ficially applied to the native collectors
to accept starvation prices. But it
cannot be long before Europe will
have to look elsewhere for a supply
commensurate with its ever-growing
requirements. Here, then, a most
promising opening' presents Itself for
our African territories within tha
tropical belt. There are several in
which both climate and soil are in
every way suitable for scientific pro
duction on the non-exhaustive sys
tem, and it is gratifying to learn that
steps are already being adopted in
some Instances to establish the highly
profitable Industry on a permanent
footing. — London Globe.
Rubber.
It is a favorite idea of many that ah
ordinary piano is quite good enough to
be worn out in practice. So it is if one
chooses that view of it. It is also true
that a really fine piano shows the ef
ftct of practice very soon, rather soon
er I think than an ordinary instrument;
the reason, however. Is entirely cred
.i table to the fine instrument, for Its
beautiful tone at first was due in part
to a fine relation between the strings
\and the hammers, and by practice the
hammers get pounded down and strike
the strings in a longer surface, which
grives rise to different harmonics. Thus
the tone gets sharp. The poor piano
had the bad harmonics all the time.
The difficulty with the view that
anything is good enough to practice
-upon is this, that the object of prac
tice is to acquire the art of producing
music, which means the art tot pro
ducing tonal Ideas and forms complete
in all their beauty. There are three
strategic points In the transaction:
First- to conceive the musical idea;
secon%. to place the fingers in the
proper places at the right time and
with the right force, and third, to
hear that the musical Ideas have been
properly expressed. It all comes back
to the ear; no 'hear, no music. This
is as eure as sure can be. Now, no
matter what the fineness of concep
tion, if the tone does not answer, the
ears cannot hear it, and as the ear is
the most central part of all in recti
fying: the practice and beautifying the
playing, it follows that those who
practice upon poor pianbs will remain
permanently deficient In hearlnir ca
pacity. This will Bhotv- in a very
marked manner in their progress in
taste, and in their being unwilling to
devote practice to tonal refinements,
in placfi of thinking only of power
und speed. Therefore It Joes make a
creat difference whether the practice
Piano making has now reached a
state of advance where any piano in
the market will sustain its warrantee,
at least the legs will not fall off, the
varnish nctf crack too soon and the
hammers and things will continue to be
operative for years. Yet in many of
them the tone will become impover
ished—at least will become harsh and
unmusical in a very short time — a few
months at most. When this happens
the piano falls to gcive a good account
of the finer things in the music.
The prcat majority of music teachers
are unable to discriminate between
pianos of very different quality when
the makers" names «re concealed. This
J think, and not personal dishonesty, is
the reason why in Chicago, for Instance,
upward of CCK>0 piano pupils take their
lessons downtown ¦upon pianos many
of which are incapable of art treatment
— i. e., incapable of the fine distinctions
belonging to the fine are of playing
choice piano music in a musical way.
Teachers who really knew these differ
ence* would be annoyed so seriously
and so hampered in their work by try
ins to force incapable instruments to
art uses beyond their capacity that
they would not lend themselves to this
very doubtful practice. They need a
Hebrew prophet to get after them, as
Elijah used to get after the weak
kneed preachers of Israel, who now and
then "bowed the knee to Baal."
nr W. S. B. MATHETWS.
(AutUor of "The Great in Music." "How to
Vn-jTstand Music," etc.)
1 ( "of yrigbt, 19C4, by Joseph B. Bowl**-)
Pianos ought to be sold upon the
individual merit of the Instrument, as
violins are, and not as at present by
an arbitrary scale of prices, regardless
of the merit of the individual instru
ment. Anybody can see that this
i« true as soon as it is men
tioned. Yet there are difficulties in
coming round to such a state of
thinps. The piano trade is in a state
of transition. It costs quite a little
more, on the average, to sell a good
piano than it does to make it. In con-
Kfquence of this the makers of the
really superior pianos have not got
rich in proportion to their business;
several of the makers of commercial
jiianos, almost destitute of art qua.li
tfea, are far richer than the most cele
brated of the art makers. The late
J. P. Hale, in New York, got rich by
telling commercial pianos with a
profit of perhaps $10 an instrument.
He sold them by the hundred and
thousand to jobbers. AM the dealers
who handle first-class pianos make
their money by selling cheap pianos.
The first-class pianos are a good thing
to have in the store and to brag about
' in advertisements, but the money is
made on the lower priced ones.
Never until recently, and not uni
versally now, by any means, has there
been a one-price system applied to
the piano trade. To mark an instru
ment in plain figures and to take that
lirke and bo other is something which
Very few doalers have the nerve to do.
The abuses in this direction fire shock
ing ;o a sound commercial sense. The
tmall country agent is very glad to
place n flm-class piano with his cus
tomer if he can make a profit of $25.
«. hich upon a trade aggregating nearly
or quite $500 is absurdly low. The
same dealer will not hesitate for a mo
ment to ask $400 for a piano which
cost him not over $120. In this case
there is a highway robbery amount
ing to upward of $200. Two different
customers, of different buying ca
pacity, get pianos of equal value from
the same dealer at prices more than a
hundred dollars apart.
Selecting a Piano.
are to be opened at Santiago in May.
1904) for the building of the one re
maining link necessary to connect the
Chilean lines with the Argentine rail
ways, which now are reported com
plete to the boundary. The section
to be let by Chile is about twenty-five
miles in length, but a considerable
part of this distance must be in tun
nel. It extends from Salto del Sol
dado (4100 feet above the sea) to th»
"cumbre," or summit (12.8C0 feet).
The Transandine Railway proper la
the entire stretch between Mendoza
and Los Andes, but the line is built
from Los Andes eastward to Salto del
Soidada, and from Mendoza westward
to the "cumbre," the route being 1 that
known as the Uspallata Pass. When
this last link is closed the Journey
from Buenos Ayres to Valparaiso will
be made in forty-eight hours, though
differences in gauge of. various por
tions of the line will necessitate two
or more- transfers en rout». The lino
Is expected to be a paying one. paa
senger traffic being an important item
and the cattle business very profitable,
th§ movement being westward into
Chile from the Argentine pastures. — i
Engineering Magazine.
WITH the advent of the automobile there has
conie a new problem for society to deal with. It
is, moreover, a problem that grows in complex
ity with the growing use of the machine by the public
and with the rapidly increasing cheapness of its use.
Unless something be done to check a tendency which has
already gone so far as to be clearly apparent it will not
be very long before the "automobile for hire" will be a
favorite with the denizens of the tenderloin, and night
time drives taken through the park by more or less reck
less and sometimes drunken "sports" will make our
nights both hideous and dangerous, adding a new and
formidable factor to the evils of the town.
The speed and smoothness with which an automobile
can be driven over a good road and the resulting exhih
ration constitute an almost irresistible temptation to rapid
driving whenever even a seeming opportunity is offered.
The effect of that temptation was shown almost from
the very first appearance of the new vehicle as a practi
cable pleasure carriage; and while its use was still con
fined, by reason of the great expense, to a few very rich
people, it became noted as a danger on country roads
and a menace in public parks. At present the automo
bile for hire is ready for the use of almost any one who
wishes to have a frolic, and as the roads are freer for
speeding after dark than they are by day the natural con
sequence has been a rapid increase in the number of
after-dark rides and midnight misadventures.
It is quite true that many most excellent people in*
dulge in the new sensation and delight in it. It is also
true that some of those who indulge it are so very re
spectable and arc so careful of their respectability that
under no circumstances would they willingly permit it to
be known that they ever indulge. That much was shown
on a recent night when a young girl seriously hurt by the
upsetting of an automobile was abandoned on the dark
roadside by her two companions, a man and a woman,
who ran away and left her in her pain, careless of what
became of her, but very anxious that no one else should
know they had been with her for a harmless starlight
ride.
From such respectables no great harm will come to
the public. They will disturb nobody, fof they love
quiet as a clam loves it, and they will keep it as far as
possible even if like a clam they have to bury themselves
in mud to get it. There are, however, others. To some
of these others notoriety has no terrors. They are will
ing to drive their automobiles through the night at the
utmost speed careless of consequences, and as their num
bers are rapidly increasing it is inevitable we shall ere
long be confronted with an irruption of the tenderloin
into the park unless stringent means be adopted to pre
vent it.
Just how the evil can be most effectively checked is
not clear. No policeman, even^though mounted on the
fleetest of horses, could overtake and stop an automobile
driven at a rate of thirty miles or more an hour.
Mounted upon a ponderous machine moving at such a
rate, a reckless chauffeur, backed by an equally Veckless
party, would be something like a demon of the road, and
hardly anything short of a bullet could Stop him.
Whatever be the difficulties in the way of dealing with
the issue it is certain something must be done. It be
hooves all who are interested in automobiling to assist
in the solution of the problem, for the evil concerns them
more directly than any other class of people. It will be
to their advantage if the use of automobiles can be so
regulated as to admit granting to those who use it right
ly the full freedom of the main driveways. It will be to
their disadvantage, if reckless driving of the machines
and their use by fast denizens of the half world be car
ried so far that the Park Commissioners in defense of the
rights of the public be compelled to virtually close the
park against all automobiles except under severest re
strictions.
To the owners of automobiles the issue is plain and
clear. It is for them to decide whether they will incon
siderately by their example and their influence encourage
the hoodlums, or by something in the way of united ac
tion assist the park authorities in checking the evil at
once and bringing to prompt and severe punishment
every offender against the park regulations.
The /agony, the rending torture of
that walk across the floor to the win
dow! Surely those streaks of blood
across the sky over yonder — those
streaks of blood that waver and shoot
— must be the coming dawn. Now that
the red feather duster is clinched be
low the lowered sash of the window it
will be a signal that will bring help.
When the long night is done and —
they see — they see — that signal — they
see that signal, help will come —
and
Two o'clock booms out from the
church tower. God! an hour of this
terrible burning at the heart, this
racking of life itself and yet the dark
ness — the terrible darkness — shutting
him in there alone — alone with death.
Slower, slower pulses the blood in the
vein pressed tight under his sentient
thumb. Like the beat, beat of the
paddlewheels out there on that belated
bay steamer, come those twinges of
agony at the failing heart. Alone —
alone in this great city, with thousands
sleeping all about him. and yet he must,
die there in the solitude of a wilder
ness.
Three times the bell rings — three
times and there is a lightening of the
pall of darkness at the window ledge.
But the agony of it! Will each breath
be the last and will the next five min
utes see him — where? — out there in
the . darkness, a shade flying upward
toward the great light as he had
once been taught to believe? One
two — three — four — five; the heart still
bounds against the burning ribs.
One— «-two — three — who would believe
that there could come a time when
each beat would sound the promise of
life or the black puzzle of death?
Yet if the morning does come what
sign can he make so that some blessed
mortal face may look In on his agony;
voice is gone, sight is going; how to
signal the world of his helplessness?
Ah! if he could only get to the win
dow and hang out that red feather
duster — the old lady down below had
given him that once and laughingly
said that it was a good danger signal.
It must be done.
Ah! there was the terrific wrench
at the heart again and the clock down
at the church had Just struck 1 — it
will be five hours before the light
comes, and with the light a possible
neighbor who will step in and sec
him there, suffering — see him and run
for assistance.
The pangs at his heart were grow
ing more severe every day; every
night was becoming more and more
an agony of blackness and terror.
Living as he did up there on the crest
of the hill in the little house, which
had known no occupant save him for
these many, many years, the old gray
beard was beginning at last to feel the
nameless dread .of the unseen thins
that was at his elbow day and night
without ceasing. It was the fear of
death — death stealing in on the wings
of the black night.
Pucr de la Mort.
Almost all the cheap pianos fall to
"damp" easily. If you sound the same
chord several times forcibly and then
stop quickly you will hear that the tone
seems still going on. The sounding
board is not properly damped. This is
universal among the poorer instru
ments. It is a very serious defect. The
probability is that to suppress this de
fect requires some of that high-priced
personal supervision which the com
mercial piano cannot afford.
There is nothing wrong in having so
many grades of excellence In pianos.
There was a time when we did not
have them: we stopped too low down
in the scale. And I admit that any
piano almost Is better than no piano at
all. It is therefore a question of means,
tastes and careful buying. The only
thing wrong is in pretending that the
low-priced piano is excellent when it is
not, or in selling it at a price above its
class. The department stores have a ,
chance now to improve this element. ¦
And In Chicago a modification of trade
conditions has taken place which prac
tically changes much for the better.
Almost all the really first-class pianos
(all but two or three) are now sold by
one single large house.- It is obviously
of no advantage to the house to sell to
a customer a piano of one make when
he prefers another. And he can be
given his choice, with no more than a
lair profit. >
In all piano playing of choice music
these resonances take place continually,
and the result Is to make the tone
more sympathetic. Along with what
you actually play you are blessed with
a lot of companion tones, which soften
the effect and make it more delicate
and musical. The problem Is to have
vibratory qualities of this kind— which
never come out delicately and easily in
the poorer instruments. Here is where
the first-class pianos show their qual
ity.
If you hold the chord C-E-G in the
bass staff (C second space) and sound
the octave above, or double octave
above, the chord will answer in the
bass strings — always the treble tone,
and never the bass one. No string re
sponds to a pitch below the one sound
ed. All resonance takes place In the
unison only.
All these resonances will answer only
in the opposite direction. If you hold
silently C (middle) and sound C for
cibly two octaves or one octave below,
your treble note will sound, rather
gently, its own pitch, being awakened
by the partial tone in the C sounded.
The same bass tone will call out any
of the Gs above, a few of the Es and
generally the ninths, i. e., the Ds. The
ninth is the "gamey" element in the
tone. All good concert piano's have
this clement.
In the same way all the fifths of the
baps note will respond, if sounded for
cibly, especially the twelfth, nineteenth
and twenty-sixth of the scale of the
bass key held. The third will respond
in the seventeenth and twenty-second,
but not generally farther and not
nearer. The third resonance Is weak
anyway.
• • ¦
There are two qualities in this hold
ing out of vibration which the good
piano has in the register I have men
tioned. The flfst way begins the tone
good and strtmg, and upon first hear
ing you think it holds out extremely
well; but if you listen more carefully
you will discover that the great bulk
of the tone is gone within the first two
seconds, and after that only a thin
thread of tone hclds out. If you will
try the same experiment upon a first
class grand piano you will observe a
vast difference, the fine instrument
holding cut the greater part of the vol
ume with which the tone began. Upon
the very best instruments the tone is
actually a little fuller about three sec
onds after it is sounded. The sound-
Ing board takes a little time to get to
vibrating.
The next point I would seek is the
ease and freedom of the sympathetic
resonance. All the pianos will respond
to such a very crude experiment as
that of holding a bass chord— C-E-G —
silently below the bass staff, and
sounding with the other hand the treble
notes C-E-G above the middle C. The
bass strings will continue the chord
quite etronsly, even upon indifferent
instruments, when they are in tune.
It is not po invariable when i single
notes are sounded. When you hold a
bass key silently the string should con
tinue any treble octave which you
strike strongly and hold about a sec
ond. It will respond better if you take
the pedal about a second; then when
you »et off the pedal and the finger
you will hear your treble note going
on in the bass key you are holding.
You can prove it by letting up the bass
key, when the treble tone immediately
stops.
I do not undertake in this article
to make the readers expert judges of
a. good piano. I will mention, how
ever, come of the qualities to look for.
The thing which costs money in mak
ing a piano is a long vibration in tones
lying above C of the third space of the
treble. • When you get above the staff
then the tone is ar>t to be too short
for singing effect. Therefore, when I
wish to examine a piano I go immedi
ately to this part of the treble and
eound one tone after another and hold
it out as long: as I can. If you go into
a selling ware room and listen you will
observe the crack salesman to attack
the piano in quick of
chords, taking an varied harmonies as
possible and an fast as at least two
chords per second. Nothing is better
calculated not to show anything about
the instrument All it shows is noise.
It demoralizes the eax to such an ex
tent that you cannot hear clearly for
several minutes, to distinguish the fine
qualities which the piano ought to
have.
piano is a fine one in good tune or a
shabby old thing, deficient in musical
qualities, often positively atrocious.
Any pinno finds friends in a family
when it Is once there. It is like a sew
ing machine; you get used to it
whether it is the best or less than the
best. You learn how to get the best
out of it if you can. It is at any rate
a good deal better than no piano.. And
one can concede this without going
so far as a certain eminent Chicago
teacher, who takes the ground that
'any piano is much too good for the
majority of people who have them."
the grape grower suffers just in proportion as the natural
elements of the grape can be replaced by sophistication.
It is also true, 'we believe, that these sophisticated
wines are easier handled and kept and marketed, than a
natural wine, so that every temptation of cupidity is
present to effect the degradation of our wine.
Mr. Bell, member of Congress from one of our wine
districts, proposed to meet the emergency by an act of
Congress imposing a tax on compound wines-. This
was met by the objection that a tax must also be put on
pure wines to meet possible constitutional^ objections.
The New York, Ohio and other Eastern winemakcrs op
posed the bill on the ground that they cannot make wine
without the use of cane sugar, and it was proposed to
compromise by an amendment permitting the use of
sugar. This means the beginning of Government au
thority for the making of compound wines and degrades
the whole industry to the French level. As for the con
stitutional objection, Congress found no difficulty in put
ting a tax on oieomargarine and other artificial butters
and compelling these to be labeled and sold for what
they are. With the grape growers of California lacking
a proper profit on their product and the pure wine mak
ers of this State suffering, it is not pleasant to, read ot
the dividends secured by the makers of sophisticated
wines in the East. It would seem that legislative wis
dom should be aimed at protecting the maker of pure
food products, and the protests of those who admit that
they make impure should have no weight. The Eastern
protesters who oppose the bill because they cannot make
wine without stretching with sugar and corn spirits
should be met by telling them that their product is not
wine at all. One of the great centers of that so-called
wine industry is at Hammondsport, N. Y., on Keuka.
Lake, using as a base the light grapes of Yates and sur
rounding counties. It is natural, therefore, that we find
the Hammondsport Herald protesting that the Bell bill
will give California winemakers a monopoly and that "it
behooves the Eastern people to get together and not
only defend their interests, but secure such favorable
legislation as the merits of their products so richly de
serve."
What the Herald really means is that the bill, in its
original form, was intended to give pure and genuine
wines a monopoly of the market for such wines. If it
be the good luck of California to be the only producer
of such wines, that is a natural advantage inhering in
our soil and climate, of which our wine growers should
have the advantage.
Already there are signs that our winemakers feel
driven to resort to the methods of their rivals. Low
grade Hawaiian sugar is available for use on pomace
which supplies the tannin. The mixture resulting is de
ficient in color and this is found in so-called "cherry
juice," an importation of which was recently refused en
try at the San Francisco Custom-house because analysis
showed it to be coal tar dye that had no acquaintance
with a cherry tree.
With foreign and Eastern competition of sugared and
compounded wines and the Mexican output increasing in
Aguas Calientes, San Luis Potosi, Zacatecas and Saltillo,
it is high time that our California winegrowers assert
their right to protection in the production and marketing
of pure, natural wines.
A GROWING EVIL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Prcpfietor ...«.,.-.«. .Address AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication OfUco < *^j$££J$~?* Tlilrd and Market Streets, S. P.
WEDNESDAY . . . . . • • ......,..!....... MAY n, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. MAY 11. 1904.
Special information supplied daily ..o
business houses and public men by th«*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cai
ilornia street. Telephone Main 1042, •
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st."
The California Promotion Committee has sent a repre
sentative to Germany to extol to the farmers and the gar
deners of the Fatherland the immense natural advantages
of the State. This step commends itself as a wise one.
Those that are to tell the glories of the Golden State
should talk only to men of. intelligence and of practical,
experienced good sense. And the societies of farmers
and gardeners of the Kaiser's realm have proved to be
such in every competition of methods or results.
Of the engineering enterprises in
Chile, other tl\an mining or the de
velopment of water powers, the most*
important and most immediate in in
terest is the Transandine Railway,
which after h'alf a century of stagna
tion or very slow progress seems at
last on the point of energetic prosecu
tion to completion. The Chilean Gov
ernment has called for tenders (which
Railroads in. the 'Andes.
In placing liability for the financial results of. the wreck
of the Rio de Janeiro the Circuit Court of Appeals has
enunciated a. law the tremendous value of which cannot
be overestimated. The court decides that tht. owners of
vessels employing crews which do. not understand Eng
lish assume all the hazard involved in such an imperfect
service. The spectacle of a shipmaster giving commands
to a crew of, coolie sailors that understand no English is
terrifying in conjunction with any danger to the lives of
passengers on shipboard.
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
8
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESIn the earning b of the Union and - Southern
Pfcctflc, because people are beginning to. re
alize that the traveler's wants are catered
to on the cars, and bis comfort considered all
tne time. All known improvements being con
tinually Introduced. S. F. Booth. General
4sent, U. V. R. It.. 1 Montgomery street. ?
Tourist Travel Is liecoming: a Largo
Item
Carnation - Lodge of the Degree of
Honor, .A. O. U. W., will celebrate the
second anniversary of its institution
by giving a ball "" to its members,
friends and admirers in the Laurel
Hall .of the Shiels building this even
ing. . ., ;
Carnation's Anniversary.
Knocked Down by Freight Train.
Frank McCafferyt a stonecutter of
147 Hyland street, was knocked down
by a freight train at Ocean View yes
terday morning. McCaffery was on
his Way across the railway track when
the misadventure happened. At the
City and County Hospital he was
treated for a scalp wound.
The Missouri Society of California
benefit took place last night, when
the Caldwell College . of Oratory and
Acting presented the play, "In Mlz
zouri," at the Alhambra Theater.
The performance ran along smoothly
and the audience was consistently ap/
preciative, acknowledging with much
applause the good efforts of the actors.
Present "In Slirzouri."
The wills of Isidore Fos and Helen
M. Rullnon were filed for probate yes
terday. Fos' will devises to his widow,
Josephine Fos, his entire estate with
the exception of a small annuity to hls
father and a small bequest to his
three brothers. The Rulison will gives
to Eugene and Jesse Ferris of Onelda,
N. Y. f cousins of the deceased, her
entire estate. Both estates are small.
Wills Filed for Probate.
The Tax Reform Society has issued
a strong statement addressed to or
ganized labor ( and citizens in general
in favor of united action regarding the
abolition of poll tax and urging proper
measures to that end at the next
meeting of the Legislature of Cali
fornia. The only reservation suggest
ed In the statement Is that aliens shall
be assessed the regulation head tax.
It is also proposed that personal prop
erty under the value of $200 shall be
declared exempt from taxation. C. F.
Jones is president of the Tax Reform
Society and Dr. A. J. Knox is secre
tary-treasurer.
Urges Repeal of Poll Tax.
A novel suit was brought yesterday
against the Board of Police Commis
sioners by Helen F. Burke, widow of
the late corporal of police, John
Burke. It is an action to recover $596
paid by Burke into the police relief
and pension fund. He died from nat
ural causes and the widow claims that
she Is entitled to have the money re
funded to her under a charter pro
vision covering death of an officer un
der such conditions. She has made
her demand upon the Police Board
and it has refused, hence the
suit. The action Is for a writ of man
date compelling the board to draw a
warrant in her favor for the amount
named.;; .
"Widow Files Novel Suit.
No Right in the world is now grander
than the Yoseraite Valley. The seven
great waterfalls are at their best. Thou
sands of wild flowers are in bloasom.
Song birds arc in every tree and shrub.
Those who have been to the Valley bring
back glowing accounts of its beauty.
The Santa Fc is the beautiful way and
lies through blooming meadows and
giant forests. Santa Fc stages aro the
only ones that pass through the famous
California liig Trees on the way. without
extra expense or side ride. The Santa
Fe has also the lowest fare of $28.60 for
the round trip.
Full particulars and the new folder
may be had at 641 Market street. *
The Glories of Yosenilte.
AN INSPIRING SIGHT.
The case of the afflicted John Con
nolly and his devoted wife has been
settled for the coming year at least.
Mrs. Andrew Welclr-came to the res
cue of the distressed couple. Yester
day she had them taken from their
old home, 50 Jessie street, from which
they had ben forcibly ejected, to 21
Federal street, where the rent has al
ready been paid in advance." The hap
piness of the old couple was simply
unbounded.
Connolly, who Is paralyzed and has
had to use crutches to assist him for
the last six years, has managed to
make a meager livelihood by selling
papers at the ferry. He barely could
make enough to supply food for him
self and wife. He was a year behind
with his rent, so the landlord ordered
him ejected.
Deputy Sheriff Jesse Galland, upon
whom devolved the duty of serving
the papers, was so moved by the plight
of the unfortunate couple that he set
about to devise wafs and means to
help them out of their predicament
and it was through his good offices
that the old couple's plight was made
known to Mrs. Welch and that they
are now comfortably housed.
Mrs. Wolch Comes to the Rescue of
Crippled John Connolly and
. His Wife.
George L. Reading of 1201 Laguna
street fell while attempting to board
_ a moVinjr Market-street car at Davis
Street yesterday and as a result his
right shoulder was dislocated. Dr.
Millar treated the case at the Emer
geacy Hospital.
Kf'ading's Bad Fall.
OLD COUPLE EJECTED BY
I*ANDLORD FIND NEW HOME
Justice of the Peace Van Nostrand
decided yesterday that J. N. Ross of
the National Collection Agency was
not entitled to $25 as attorney's feeu
for collecting $35 93 for Bacigalupl &
Rossi. The latter firm had sued Ross
to recover the money so collected less
the commission after Robs had re
fused to pay It over. Bacigalupl then
applied for a warrant for the arrest
of Robs, who thereupon Instituted the
suit to recover attorney's fees and to
save himself from arrest. Judge Van
Nostrand held that all Ross was en
titled to was his agreed commission,
$8 08, for which he received judgment,
and Bacigalupi & Rossi got Judgment
for the balance. $27 85.
Court Rules That .1. N. Ross Is Only
Entitled to Commission for
Ilia Labors.
COLLECTION AGENT GETS
NO ATTORNEY'S FEE
An apparently demented young
woman, who gave her name as Gene
vieve Washerman, tried to climb into
the bearpit at Golden Gate Park yes
terday forenoon. She had been watch
ing Monarch and his mate for some
time with evidently growing excite
ment. Then she went back to the
lawn 'and plucked a few handfuls of
graes and with this fodder in her pos
session she returned and attempted to
climb over the palings of the outer
inclonure.
Policeman A. C. Williams, who was
on duty at the park, was attracted by
the strange actions of the young
woman and when she attempted to en
ter the incloKure which guards the
public from the bears he Interfered
and placed her under arrest A short
conversation was sufficient to convince
him that the woman was demented
and he had her sent to the Insane
ward of the Central Emergency Hos
pital.
There she appeared more rational
and gave her residence number as 637
Devisadero street, where she said she
lived with her mother. A meesage to
the house was answered in person by
her mother, who was allowed to take
her daughter home. Before she was
discharged, from the hospital the
young woman had apparently regained
her reason and declared she had no
remembrance of having tried to enter
the bears' reservation.
Ml:-s Gencvlcrc Washerman Tempts
Dcutli lo Feed Grizzlies in Golden
Gate Park.
ATTEMPTS TO ENTER
INCLOSURE OF BEARS
Pythian Knights for Hakersfield.
• The Knighta of Pythias have made
special arrangements for transporta
tion of the delegates that are to at
tend the annual convention at Ba
kersfield. which la to open In that city
May 17. For the accommodation of
these and their relatives and friends
that will accompany them a special
train has been secured to connect
with the boat that will leave this city
at 8 o'clock on the morning of May
16.
Unusual interest is taken in the re
turn to this city of Ernest Hastings,
who Is playing at the California
Theater in the title role of
the reigning comedy success, "Our
New Minister." Hastings left San
Francisco last summer to accept his
present position. The role has proved
the best he has ever played, and dur
ing the recent long New York run of
"Our New Minister" he received far
more recognition from the metropoli
tan critics than ever before during his
long career, notwithstanding the fact
that he had played in many previous
big Xew York successes.
Outside of Hastings and the leading
lady, Gertrude Perry, the present cast
is the original one in its entirety, In
cluding all the fovorltes who made
such good imp,res?ions when the piece
was here last year. These, include
Joseph Conyers as the village Sherlock
Holmes, Darius Startle; John T. Brawn
as Skeezicks. Charles Stedman as the
ex-convict, John Barker as "Curt
Ho'ten," Fred Mower as the venerable
storekeeper, Louis Fierce as Obidiah
Blurton. Grant Foreman as the "wild
man," Clara Rianford as Dorcas Tat
tleby and Phlla May as the minister's
sister. ~ i
Title Role in "Our New
Minister" Suits Cali
fornian.
ERNKST HASTINGS, WHO IS
PLAYING LEADING ROLE IN
"OUR NEW MINISTER."
.* The Republican State Convention will
*neet at Sacramento on Wednesday,
.May IS, in the Assembly Chamber, as
th*' }»aviii«m is not in good shape.
.Ja«?ob St^ppaoher, who went to Sac
ra'mcnto last week to make preliminary
• jrrrangc/iientp for the convenience of
df-lfpate.P. returned day befare yester
• day.* The convention which nominated
H. H. Markham for Governor met in
• te he - Assembly Chamber. The number
«>f delegates to that convention was
-S30. • The convention next week will
of "24 delegates. The Senate
•C'fcamber. Supreme Court rooms and
'JX&nxj may be used for district con
tentions and committee meetings. The
bjrnnial convention of the California
•^asrue of Republican Club?, which
.. rrteets in Sacramento next Monday.
-Via hold its sessions in the Assembly
Chamber. The railroad rates from all
pojnts in the State to Sacramento have
bfffi reduced to one fare for the round
. trip to those holding credentials to the
conventions of the week.
The citizens of Santa Cruz, irrespect
ive of party, are making elaborate
preparations to receive and entertain
" d$teca£es and visitors to the Demo
cratic State Convention. The sessions
of th* convention will be held in the
i Armory.
The ndvaifre guard of the Democratic
Column will arrive in Santa Cruz next
¦Saturday evening, but the convention
- iviil. not be called to order until Mon
jS4>'- May 15.
According to many accounts from
the interior, the managers of the
Hearst campaign will be compelled to
-ffjntent themselves with a resolution
Fpeaking in complimentary terms of
tta'-ir candidate. The eentiment apainst
positive instruction of the delegation
to the National Convention jp quite ac
•tive. It Is the common impression that
"the leaders of the San Francisco dele
gation will oppose iron-clad instruc
tion.
The Fourth Congressional District
Republican Convention, called for the
• purpose of selecting two delegates and
two alternates to the Republican Xa
.tional Convention, will meet in Shiels
Hall. San Francisco, on Wednesday
"^evcr.'.r.fr. May if. The convention to
a candidate for Congress in
..this district will not assemble before
the latter part of August, as the dele
pa'.es thereto must be chosen at the
¦primary election on Tuesday. August 9.
The rapid gTowth of Palo Alto dur
fng the last fevc years has made it
• the second town in Santa Clara
•County. The Republican leaders,
recopnitinpr this expansion, have con
ceded to the town the right to name
the nominee of the party to repre
f^nt the Fifty-seventh Assembly Dis
trict in the L^irfFlature. It is under
stood that Fayette Mitrhelltree. a pro
gressive, capable citizen and a well
known Republican and native son,
will receive the nomination.
!. There are Republican complications
'in the Twenty-first Senatorial Dis
trict. Pan Francisco. When Arthur G.
Fi«k wag appointed Postmaster the
loading politicians of the Thirty-sev
enth and Thirty-eighth Assembly dis-,
• •tricts fancied that State Senator E. I.
Wolfe would enter the arena as a
candidate for Congress in the Fifth
District, but he gave them a surprise
.fcy announcing that he was a candidate
f<5r another term in the Legislature.
The Thirty-eighth Assembly District
has held the Senatorial prize for eight
years, snd now proposes to hold it four
•y>ari* lonper. It is said the residents
of the Thirty-seventh Assembly Dis
trict fancy that it is about time that
•their district should be recognized, and
they point to William J. Ruddick, C.
c fJ. PorkJns and Robert Dennis as capa
ble men, either one of whom would re
¦tiert credit on the district in the
Slate Senate.
A. W. Foster, Peter C. Yorke, John
A. Britton, l5r. C. N. Elllnwood, F. W.
Dohrmann, R. J. Taussig, John E.
Budd, J. B. Reinsteln and President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler attended the
meeting of University Regents at Mark
Hopkins Institute yesterday afternoon.
F. W. Dohrmann presided.
In the process of reorganizing the
medical department the board accepted
the resignation of Dr. D'Ancona and
appointed Dr. George F. Relnhardt
professor of hygiene and medical ex
aminer. The resignation trf Dr. J. M.
Williamson from the chair of anatomy
was also accepted.
The resignation of Dr. George M.
Stratton, assistant professor of psy
chology, was presented to the board
by President Wheeler. Dr. Stratton
has been called to the first place in a
similar department of Johns Hopkins
University. The resignation was ac
cepted.
The board was advised that Professor
A. A. Knowlton of the Chico forestry
station had resigned and that Profes
sor Helgard recommended the appoint
ment of J. W. Roper of Chico to fill the
vacancy. The board adopted tne recom
mendation.
The report on standing, committees
of the board for the ensuing year was
read. Charles W. Slack Is added to the
committee on buildings and grounds.
The finance committee Is increased
from three to five. The two new mem
bers of the committee are R. J. Taus
sig and F. W. Dohrmann. No other
changes were euggested.
The academic senate recommended
that the recorder of faculties be the
secretary of the senate. On motion of
John E. Budd the rules were suspend
ed and the recommendation was
approved.
The academic council recommended
that an adviser for freshmen and soph
omores be appointed. It was explained
that the adviser would receive a salary
and be expected to assist the president
and perform «uch functions as deans
now performed. The recommendation
was referred to the finance committee.
The finance committee, A. W. Foster,
John A. Britton and I. W. Hellman,
submitted the budget for the ensuing
year. The regents will meet in special
session Friday, May 13, at 3 p. m., to
consider the report. The budget con
templates an expenditure for the next
year of $417,000— an increase of $30,000
over this year's allowance.
. On the . recommendation ~ of the
finance committee the salary of John
Bruce McCallum was fixed at $1200 a
year. Frederick T. Bloletto was ap
pointed assistant professor of viticul
ture, salary $1800 a year.
This appointment Is in response to
the request of John Swett and other
*rapc growers that the university shall
have charge of certain vlticultural in
terests. The amount of money invest
ed in this industry In California is
$100,000,000. The annual product Is $14,
000.000.
The Lick Observatory committee.
Charles W. Slack, Peter C. Yorke and
C. S. Wheeler, suggested that the Legis
lature be requested to appropriate $10.
000 for the establishment of an elec
tric light plant at the observatory on
Mount Hamilton. The astronomers
want a better light than that imparted
by coal oil. Consideration of the sub
ject was postponed until the next meet
ing of the regents.
Captain Frank L. WInn made an in
spection yesterday of the new target
range at Rodeo.
General Avery D. Andrews arrived
in town yesterday and is at the Pal
ace. His visit here is one of business
and pleasure combined. He spent the
greater part of yesterday calling on his
old army friends. Captain C. G. Ly
man. Captain Frank L. Winn, Captain
Arthur Johnson and Captain C. C.
Ballou. Mrs. Andrews, who is the
eldest daughter of General Schofield,
did not accompany the general on his
visit here.
Mrs. George Leroy Brown, wife of
Colonel Brown, commander of the
Fourteenth Infantry, will also be a
passenger.
The Sheridan will also take 650 re
cruits and nine officers.
Among her passengers will be Gen
eral Frank M. Coxe, who is making
the trip by advice of his physicians.
His daughter. Miss Mabel Coxe. will
accompany her father as far as Hono
lulu.
SOME PASSENGERS.
The following is the detail for the
court: Colonel Alfred C. Markley.
Thirteenth Infantry; Lieutenant Col
onel Luigi Lomiii, Artillery Corps;
Major William Stephenson. medical
department; Major Alexis R. Paxton.
Thirteenth Infantry; Captain Samson
L. Faison. Thirteenth Infantry; Cap
tain Charles H. Hunter, Artillery
Corps; Captain Arthur Johnson. Thir
teenth Infantry; Captain Ira A.
Haynes, Artillery Corps; Captain
Marcus B. Stokes, Tenth Infantry-
Captain John B. Christian. Ninth Cav
alry; Captain James V. Heidt, Tenth
Infantry; Captain John J. Bradley,
Fourteenth Infantry, judge advocate.
Admiral Edwin Putraan, U. S. X.,
retired, arrived in San Francisco yes
terday. He is accompanied by Mrs.
Putman and is here on a pleasure trip.
It is thirty years since he has been in
San Francisco. On his last trip here
ho came as paymaster on the 1'nited
States steamship Benicia, which
brought King Kalakaua to this coun
try- He was retired as pay director,
having served as paymaster in the
navy for forty-one yenrs. He is stay
ing at the St. .Francis and will be here
for tin indefinite period.
The transport Sheridan, Captain
Young, will sail for Manila on June 1.
The court-martial of Lieutenant
George S. Richards Jr. will again con
vene to-morrow at the Presidio. From
all indications this is to be a hard
fought battle and will occupy the at
tention of the court for several
months. Depositions are riow being
taken in Mindanao and it will take
some time before these can be pro
duced here. Witnesses will also be
brought from the East to testify in the
young lieutenant's behalf.
Every effort possible will be used In
the esdeavor to defend the honor of
the accused. His father, who is one of
the powerful magnates in the Standard
Oil Company, is determined that noth
ing shall be left undone to preserve
the honor of himself, his- son and' his
family.
The court-martial detailed to try
Lieutenant William B. Aiken will meet
to-day at the Presidio at 10 o'clock.
The charges against Lieutenant Aiken
are of a serious character, being
breach of arrest. Should he be found
guilty of this. charge there is only one
sentence to be pronounced upon him
and that is dismissal from the army.
A breach of arrest in the army is con
sidered almost equal to defying the
order of the President of the United
States.
THE PERSONNEL.
Coal Oil Lamps Are Now
Used by the Astronomers
o at the Lick Observatory
City of Santa (ruz Makes
* rreparation^to Entertain
'Large Throng of Visitors
Lieutenant Aiken, Accused
of Breach of Arrest, to Ap
pear Before Court-Martial
h;ANS AT SACRAMENTO
WANT ELECTRIC LIGHTS
MUST ANSWER CHARGES
Republicans and Democrats
• Will Soon Meet to Elect
• the National Delegates
Special Meeting Is Called
to Consider the Annual
Estimates of University
Lieutenant G. S. Richards Jr.
Will Put Up Bitter Fight
to Retain His Commission
Mrs. California Newton has return
ed from a month's visit to her charm
ing country place on Russian River,
aptly termed Moscow Cottage. In a
few days she will go to Monterey
County, where she will be the guest
of Miss Jennie Dunphy and Mrs. Wes
ley Burnett on their famous old
rancho.
Mrs. Mayo Newhall was hostess to
day at a luncheon at her Post
street home, at which twelve guests
were entertained.
Mrs. W. J. Wayte, Mrs. Homer Boushey,
Mrs. Hlrschbers, Miss Laura Klmberley, Miss
Eleanor Geisnler, Mi«s Edna Locgles, Miss Vida
Loggies and Mies Zelma Hirschbcrg.
To-day and this evening Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Abbott Whitmore will
hold a post-nuptial reception at the
home of Mrs. and Mr. W. J. Wayte on
Van Ness avenue. In the receiving
party will be:
Mrs. ' Sanrael Hoard man. Miss Susie Blxby,
Miss Ethel Coop»r. Miss Louise Cooper. Mrs.
T. Danforth Bcardrn^n. Mrs. Alexander D.
Keyes, Mrs. James Ulnhop. Mrs. William Sher
wood and Ml*« Ardella Mill*.
Miss Louise Cooper of Santa Barbara
was the honored guest at a bridge
party given by Mrs. Thomas Porter
Bishop yesterday. Miss Cooper, who
is a njember of one of the oldest fam
ilies in the city by the sea, is visit
ing her cousin, Miss Ethel Cooper.
The ladies entertained by Mrs.
Bishop were:
Mrs. Edward Dimcnd. Mri. Tom Magee,
Mrs. Georro Martin. Mrs. Ryland "Wallace,
Mrs. Worthington Amca, Mrs. James PoIlU,
Ml«s Ella Morgan. Mrs. Latham McMullln,
Mrs. William R. SmedberE, Mrs. Horace Da
vls, Mrs. Timothy Hopklna. Mrs. B. B. Cut
ter, Mrs. James Carolan, Mrs. Gcorse Board
man. Mrs. William P. Morgan Mrs. M. P.
Jones, Mrs. Thurlow McMullln. Mrs. F. P.
Mcl>nnan, Mrs. F. W. Griffith, Mrs. George
Glbbs. Mrs. E. B. Rodders. Mrs. Edgar Pres
ton, Mrs. Pelham Ames, Mrs. .Hannah Gale.
Mrs. Frank Bates Mrs. George Shreve, Mlsk
Beaver, Mrs. H. Morton, Mrs. Wlllard Way
man, Mrs. Charles Deerlng, Mrs. Charles Far
quhareon, Mrs. 'De Witt McPlke, Mrs. Frank
Wilson, Mrs. Arthur Moore, Mrs. Kellogg and
Mrs. Mclvor.
The St. Francis was gay with stun
ningly gowned women yesterday after
noon, when Mrs. William Thomas en
tertained forty friends at bridge. The
banquet-room was radiant with spring
blossoms, where a smart buffet
luncheon was served.
The following fair devotees tried
their hand at the game:
Bridge is taking about all the wak
ing hours of our society maids and
matrons. .
By Sally Sharp.
READY TO OPEN
THE CAMPAIGN
REGENTS TALK
OF THE BUDGET
WILL STRUGGLE
FOR HIS HONOR
BRIDGE PARTIES
ARE FAVORED BY
LOCAL SOCIETY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. MAY II, . 1901.
HASTINGS
A STAR IN
NEW PLAY
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To select a "diet especially to keep
the Brain strong, keen and well
nourished ?
I Brain and Nerves arc physical—
wear away under use, just like
• ' _other tit-sue, and the more Brain
ttork one does the more nourish-
ment is required, or Brain win suf-
fer and grow dull.
"Gray Matter"
. of Albumen and Phosphate of Pot-
"a*h in the daily food, and these
elements are provided in better
• proportion and more easily digested
' form in Grape-Nuts than in any
- other food.
That** a solid, sturdy fact.
Grape-Nuts
POOD BUILDS BRAINS
.* Trial Prove*. There's a Reason.
Get^the little book, "The Road to
." Wellville/* in each x>kg.
GRAPE-NUTS.
AJ£U?Z3£E2rrSl
ADVEBTISEaiENTS.
fVf hwi You 6cft " ' ¦him 'in '" ; 5
V cT i? <tf3fr ff !< - * - m j^\ ,-¦ -^ i ¦.-•'. . t
W ,^ ,—^»» .. _. . #^ AC
Jj ,, Just as there are favorite singers and actors in the H
w world, so there are favorite pianos. The Ludwig is g
H most popular and a great favorite everywhere. It is a fj
ra choice product. No one was ever known to speak dis- B
S respectfully of the Ludwig Piano. It is loved and u
fj revered by thousands. Once hear a Ludwig and its j<j
n entrancing tone will remain with you. Its melody will |j
H reach your heart and its price will please you. Apply to A
H us for it. We are the sole agents. w
-1 931-933 Market Street, San francisco, Cal. |
MME, SLAPQFFSKI,
England's Greatest Trim* Donna So-
prano; Xldffley and Carlisle; Clara
BaUertni; Geortre H. Wood; BallertnTs
Beg*; Earls, Macanley and Company;
Bisters Gascn; Sal Mere-it*; Brandow
and VTUty. and Orpheura Motion no-
tares.
Regular Uattne* Hv»ry Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Trices. 10c. .*¦>
! ami COc.
CALIFORNIA
(B EVERTBODT TAI.XINO 12^.
v , . ABOUT XX t jB
TBS FTrarSXEST SHOW IN JJ
TOWS! 5|
OUR NEW MINISTER I
THE FAMOUS ALL-STAR CAST. J
Ernest Hastings. Jf>yej,h C'cnyers. ft
Oarlen £tedman. John Uark*r. il
I.«-.i:!« Fierce. Fred Mower. *•!
John P. Hrawn. Orant Foreman. H
tiertrud* Perry. W. «'. Tanner. ||
Clara. Ilainfonl. I'ht'a May- »«
M THREE LAUGHS TO TIIK &IIXUTE. A
MATINEE SATURDAY.
T0-NIG2IT — TSZS WEEK 0NXY.
I MELBOURNE
I MacDOWELL |
In a Magnificent Production of Sardou's
1 CLEOPATRA [
Neit Sun. Mat.— EMPRESS THEODORA
PRICE!*— 15c. 2V. 50c and "5c.
BARR AND EVANS, FLO AOLEfl
And a Great Show Svery Afternoon aad
Srenlnf In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MWZATUSE EMCTRZC &AXXAOA9
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY la the
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
CIRCULATE on the FERRIS WHEEL.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c; Children. 5c.
UZSCEXtXtAlTEOITS AJCgSXaCBji l L |i«
TloraT exhibition
—OF THE—.
Pacific Coast
Horticultural Society
AlrtY 12, 13. 1*. 1OO4.
GRAND NAVE. FERRY BUILDING.
CONCERT EACH EVENING.
SPECIAL FEATURES DAILY
ADMISSION 25 CENTg
BASEBALL
i ¦ AT RECREATION PARK, !
1 Eighth and HarrUon streets.
Oakland vs. Los Angeles
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY,
3:30 p. m.
SATURDAY. 3:00 p. m.
SUNDAY. 2:.1O p. m.
LADIES* DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance sale of seata at 5 Stccfcton at.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for th* Sexual Organs, for both sexe*.
The Mexican RemMy for Disease* of th*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market at.. S. F. — (Send fof^Clrculars.)
WWM $l.oo w. leaf
DR.A.LJ5IMPS0N
The Discoverer of a New
Method of Painless
Dentistry.
Dr. A. L. Simpson, who has offices at
1206 Market St., has, after two years' ex-
perimenting: and an - expense of several
hundred dollars, at last discovered a
method whereby teeth can be excavated
and filled and teeth ground for crowns,
etc., without any pain. His method In
some ways resembles Mr. Edison's meth-
od of short-circuiting the nerve, but varies
from this in that he combines electricity
and anaesthesia. The anaesthetic Is ap- ,
plied continuously by a current of com-
pressed air from the handpiece and is
carried by the electric current which
passes through the bur, thus conveying
the anaesthetic through the dentine to
the nerve and numbing or desensitizing j
It. The compressed air also keeps .the '•
cavity clean so that any part of the cav-
ity can be seen at all times. In connec- ¦
tlon with this the doctor also has all the
latest electrical apparatus, such as elec-
trie mouth lamp, electric sterilizer, an-
nealer and warm air and water.
All instruments are thoroughly steril-
ized by, new process.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense or
$260,000— New Management— ENTIRELY FIRE-
PROOF.
-LOCATION — Very accemlble to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN. ¦
223 ROOMS With LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms In antique decorations.
Turkish Baths In Hotel. *
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT, De Btei-
ger, Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone ¦ Connec-
tions .in every room ; long distance connections
made with any part of the Coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.'-
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash. .
Pfliarp D0N ' T failtfo
raiaww 8ee the bwratiful
j COURT Lounging
fl fl fl room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
P - - 4 PALM ROOM, the
UnUlU LOUIS XV PAR-
UlttMU > LoRf ari d the LA-
U %*£%£¦¦ DIES' WRITING
Motels
AJHTS£atENT&
Last Five Nights Matinee Saturday
THE GREAT FUN SHOW.
Klaw A Krlanger Tresent
anefi^nx ROGERS
In John J. McNitlly'a Latest
THE ROGERS BROTHERS IN LONDON
OCAT QAI C To-morrow, ©a.m.
OtHI O/ALL For AM Appearances
MR. ItlCHARD
Mon. May Iff, Fat. May 21. Tu-*. May 2*.
IVAN THE TFP.KIULE; Tue». May 17. Frt.
May 20, Mon. May XI. Thur*. May 26. Matin**
May 2S, OLD HEIDELBERG; Wed. May 1«.
A PARISIAN ItUMANCE; Thurs. May 11». Mat.
Mny 21. Wed. May 25. BEAU imUMMEI,;
Fri. May -27. DH. JKKYI.L and MR. HTDE: I
Sat. May 28 (farewell night), a scene from
ea'-h of five pHys.
rrices— Oallery OfV? A 7"c: TUIrony $1. $1.RO
tc $2; Lower floor *'J. ."•'•; Boxes and Lngea $15.
TIVOLira
ONLY MATINER SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY KIUIIT.
Superb Production of the Greatest Musical
Comedy
I | Delirhtful
Received A Singers
Wjth A Clever
Enthusiasm XjL Afters
i runaway!
riTT%T I Iland-
An I y I K I ' orr '
Immense VJ JL J!A 1-1 I Olr!
Success I I Chorus
Usual Tlvoll Prices— 25c, 50c, 73c
AT ft A 7 AD Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR ins?
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— Mats. Thursday and Saturday.
A French Comedy by Alfred Capus.
I i~l EL, . TUX JsAVaBJUQ
___ __ SUCCESS OP
T\A/O TWO COHTIM-UVrS
SCHOOLS
"A harmonious production." — Call.
Thursday Matlneea Eenuaad To-Morrow
Eva;., 25c to 76c; Mats. Thur. & Sat.. 23c to 60c.
Next Monday— Julia Marlowe's Success.
COHHETTE— —
A Comedy-Drama by Henry Guy Carleton.
Market St.. near. Eighth. Phone South S33.
¦TO-NIGH WPECIAL !
UNIFORM RANK K. OF P. PARTY.
EXHIBITION PANCY DSILL BY UNI-
rOEM RANK D3ILI. CORPS.
MagnlHcent Production of the Celebrated Ro-
mantic Drama.
The Three Musketeers
DD1PEC Evenings 10c .to'iiOo
IfilVrCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23<j
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION
APRIL 30 to May 15.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
AndALAMEDA GROCERS
TO-NIGHT.
SPECIAL FEATURES.
CONCERTS DAY AND NIGHT.
SOUVENIR FANS TO ALL. CHILDREN. "
' Afternoons. 1 to S; evenings, 7:30 to 10:30.
•^ OPIK 8UJMJJATB
BDTTQII17O FOR BAKBEB3. flA-
IJllUDJniuO kers ' bootblacks. o*t*»-
*****<— ***"* w boases. billiard Uto!«a.
brewers, bookbinder*, candy makers, emener*.
dyers, flour milla, foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers. ¦ printer*. .» painters.' shoe taetorisa.
¦ stablemen, tar-roofera. tanners, .tailors. *to
BVOZUTAV 8B0S.
Brui b Manufacturers, 609 Sacrasaaato St.According to a decision rendered
yesterday by Judge Seawell the Board
of Election Commissioners acted with
in its rights when it called for bids
for printing election affidavits on a
certain brand of paper. He ordered
judgment for the city in the action
brought against the municipality by
James A. O'Brien, who sought an in
junction preventing the payment of
the bill of Phillips, Smyth & Van Or
den, who were awarded, thj contract
for printing the affidavits, on the
ground that the Election Commission
ers exceeded their authority in calling
for a certain brand of paper.
Ills Right to Select Paper.
In a suit for $101,000 damages filed
yesterday by Adolph E. Brommer
against the American Milling Com
pany he alleges that his reputation
was hurt to the extent of the amount
sued for by his arrest a few weeks ago
on a felony charge preferred against
him by the defendant." He says his ar^
rest was due to malice. The charge
against him. which was that he
wrongfully procured from the defend
ant grain of the value of $5100, was
dismissed' in the Police Court.
Bronimcr Charges Malice.
The Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association is in receipt of informa
tion to the effect that some of the con
tracts for furnishing supplies to In
dian -agencies have been awarded to
California bidders. Haas Bros, of this
city have the contract to furnish 555,
000 pounds of sugar at 4V* cents. Ar
buckle of New York got the contract
for furnishing 204,000 pounds of cof
fee by bidding three-quarters of a
cent lower than local houses. Bids for
Pacific Coast supplies will be opened
In this city next month. The associa
tion is well satisfied with the awards.
California Gets Her Share.
NEWTON, Kans., May 10. — In an
automobile accident seven miles west
of Newton to-night Judge M.'P. Simp
son of the District Court was killed
and Miss Anna Lees, Mrs. M. P. Simp
son and S. Lehman were Injured. The
machine got beyond control and dash
ed off a bridge, falling fifteen feet into
a ditch. .^T^
Machine Becomes Unmanagablc and
Falls From Bridge With
Fata 1 Results.
KANSAS JUDGE IS KILLED
IN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 10. —
Pitcher Jack Hickey has been sold by
the American League team of this city
to the Columbus (Ohio) American
Association Club. . Hickey was signefl
by Cleveland this season ''from the
Seattle team.
Pitcher Hickey Goes to Columbus.
Pickets With Concealed Weapons.
Joseph Egan, Thomas J. White and
Robert Hayes were arrested last even
ing by Policeman S. G. Fella and
charged with carrying concealed
weapons. The men were acting as
pickets outside a stable and Fella con
sidered their demeanor was threaten
ing toward a Greek named Takien,
whom they thought was a strike
breaker looking for work as a stable
hand. On being searched Egan had in
his possession a joint of half-inch gas
pipe seceretd in his hip pocket and it
transpired that White had a heavy
wagon wrench and Hayes carried brass
knuckles.
Chief of Police George W. Wittman
will attend the International Conven
tion of Police Chiefs to be held in St.
Louis on June 6. At his request the
Board of Police Commissioners last
night granted him a leave of absence.
Patrolman George D. Mengola, who
stopped a runaway horse on McAllister
street on the afternoon of May 3, was
granted permission to accept a gold
watch as a token of his bravery.
Charge # s against Patrolman Charles
U. Ogdeii were dismissed. It was al
leged that he failed to report the
presence of a nickel-in-the-slot ma
chine on the premises of We Kee Toy
at 626 Jackson street. A report was
made and filed that liquor was being
given away in the rooms of the Cres
cent Club at 324 Grant avenue. The
board will act on the case later.
Charges brought against -Leo Marks,
an auctioneer at 510 Kearny street,
were not sustained, it being shown
that Marks gave full value on each
article he offered for sale.
Will Attend Convention.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race — St, Paula, Joe Martin,
Clonmell.
Second Race — Monastic II, Allista,
Foresight.
Third Race — King's Trophy, Hadri
an, Voltrice.
Fourth Race — Hands Across,
Schwalbc, Albula.
Fifth Race— Potheen, Stroller, Lit
tle Elkin.
Sixth Race — Zyra, Miss Manners,
Soufriere.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. May 10.— In the Louis
ville steeplechase stakes Golden Link. Tartar
and Volantlne fell at the second Jump.
Jockeys Johnson and Carter were painfully
injured. Results:
First race, one mile — Outcome won, Miss
Crawford second, Waln-a-Moinen third. Time,
1:41%:
Second race, four furlongs — Double won,
Whippcorwlll second, Swedish Lad third. Time,
:W>%.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Montpelier
won, Mizzenmast second. Two Penny third.
Time. 1:16.
Fourth race. the Louisville steeplechase,
full course, about two miles — Presgrave won,
Fallella second. Hand Vise third. Time, 3:59.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — Moor
ish Damsel won. Woodclaim second. Lamp
light third. Time. ¦ :56tf .
Sixth race, one mile and a quarter, selling —
Baird won. Mint Bed second, Trocadero third.
Time, 2:09%.
STEEPLEC1 LASERS ARE THROWN*.
The Holyrood, a family hotel at 820
Bush street, went out of business yes
terday after a series of financial re-r
verses. The house has not been earn
ing the revenue expected by its lessee,
Mrs. Wilson, and in consequence she
has been unable to meet her obliga
tions, which included, among many
items, an electric light bill and money
due a local furniture company which
furnished her establishment. Yester
day the light company turned off the
current and later the furniture com
pany demanded the return of its fur
niture, which was removed from all
the rooms except those occupied by
families and these were given one
day's grace in which to find other
lodgings. The house will be closed to
day until another tenant can be found.
Lessee Cannot Meet Her Obliga
tions and Is Forced to Retire
From Business.
First rat* — Hickory Corners, Second
Mate, Caybon. ¦
Second race— The Doctress, Tommy
O'Hnra, Sonya.
Third race — Sid Silver, Lady Rad
nor, Kingstclle.
Fourth race^ — Radium. Bine Miracle,
Alfio.
Fifth race^ — The Bobby, Hucena,
Bourke Coekran.
Sixth race — Four Leaf Clover, Tick
ful, Bengal.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
IIOLYROOD IIOTEL CLOSES
ITS DOORS TO THE PUBLIC
CHICAGO, May 10. — The following
are the entries for the races at Worth
track to-morrow:
First race, six furlongs, celling— Nannan 90.
Polk Miller 02. Just So «4, Oaxaca 95, St.
Paula 07 Annu 104, Pea Ridge 104, Banana
Cream 107, Jaubert 100. Irmas Choice 109,
Clonmell 100. Montanic 111. Reeves 112, Joe
Martin 114. Frank Kenny 114.
Second race, six furlongs— Lucy E S 98.
Komombo OH. Frances Yowell 98 Testimony
OS Foresight 103, Wenrlck 103: Alllsta 105,
Monastic 110, Bajrwood 110. Floral King 110.
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olds —
Broadway Girl 102, Seaworthy 105. St. Reso
lute 105, Voltrice 107. King's Trophy 110,
Hadrian 110. Modredlaw 110.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — La Chaperone
00 Kmperor of India 02, Gilfain 100, Schwalbo
100 Albula 105, Hands Across 108.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, selling —
Plautus £<3. Lou Woods 101. Little Klkin 101,
Mauser 104, Stroller 107, The Way 109,
"sixth" race, fix furlongs, selling— Dusky 90,
Mlmon 0*1, Preakness 05. Redman 00, Sou
friere 100 Sol Smith 100. Marco 104. June
Collins 10». Emma A M 104, Miss Manners
109 Zyra 1C0.
Weather cloudy; track heavy.
WORTII RACING ENTRIES.
The second day's session of the sec
ond biennial convention of the United
Brotherhood of Railway Employes
opened up at 9 a. m. yesterday. The
early part of the session was given
over to the appointment of various
committees. The report of the gen
eral auditor was read, which showed
that the organization was steadily
growing. The subject of the progress
of the Railway Employes* Journal
was next brought up. From a small
weekly it has now grown into a great
monthly magazine. Frank McCabe,
vice president of the Eastern district,
with headquarters at Philadelphia.
Pa., reported that his territory was
in a prosperous condition. Reports
were also made by C. J. Jones, W. J.
Bradley, J. E.' Fitzgerald, W. L. Hall,
W. R. Apperson and Dr. Edwin J.
Fraser, vice presidents of the different
districts they represent. The conven
tion will meet again at 9 o'clock this
morning.
Mecthig Is Devoted to Hearing Re
ports of Vice Presidents of
Different Districts.
RAILWAY EMPLOYES
HOLD SECOND DAY'S SESSION'
NEW YORK. May 10.— The grand
circuit of race tracks was organized
as a corporation at a meeting here
to-day of representatives of twelve of
the most important tracks of the coun
try. The object of the organization,
according to its secretary, Albert H.
Moon of this city, will be the "purifi
cation of the turf and the uplifting of
racing to the highest possible plane."
It will not interfere with the parent
bodies, the National and the American
Trotting associations, but will act in
harmony with them.
The twelve tracks incorporated in the
grand circuit will be Detroit, Cleve
land. Buffalo. Empire City and Brigh
ton Beach, N. Y.; Readville. Boston,
Providence, Hartford, Columbus, Ohio,
Cincinnati and Memphis.
The articles of Incorporation wer*
signed by Daniel J. Campau of Detroit.
James Butler of New York, C. K. O.
Billings of Memphis, John E. Thayer of
Boston, F. E. Perkins of Providence
and II. M. Hanna of Cleveland.
The six named were chosen as stew
ards of the grand circuit and the fol
lowing officers were elected: Daniel J.
Campau, president; John E. Thayer,
vice president; Albert H. Moon, secre
tary.
D. J. Campau, C. R. Bentley of Buf
falo and Albert H. Moon were appoint
ed a committee to draw up a consti
tution and by-laws for the organiza
tion. These will probably be similar to
those of the National and the American
Trottins associations.
CLEVER SPEEDWAY HORSES
TO RACE AT INGLESIDE
Meet to Be Held on Decoration Day
Is Planned by Two Prominent
Driving Clubs.
There will be matinee harness
races at Ingleside racetrack on Deco
ration day under the joint auspices of
the Golden Gate Park Driving Asso
ciation and the San Francisco Driving
Club. The committee in charge of the
affair met last night at headquarters
in the Palace Hotel and arranged final
details for the meeting.
There will be five events on the card
and each race will be best two in
three heats. About twenty-flve entries
have* been received already and it is
expected a large number will come in
before the list closes on the 20th inst.
The following officials will have charge
of the racing: Starter. T. J. Crowley;
marshal, T. F. Bannon; judges, John
Lawlor, J. Windrow, Dr. Williams;
secretary. T. J. Douglas; timers. T.
Vetters and L- E. Clawson.
In the Sporting Spot Light.
William Greer Harrison and Phil
Wand will Judge the four-round bout
between Sam Berger and Champion
Rodenbach. Eddie Graney will referee.
Young Corbett is due in New Yorlc
this week after a trip through Europe.
When he meets Jimmy Britt there will
be a lot of language in the air, espe
cially when he calls Britt's bluff in
the matter of fighting at 127 pounds.
The opening bluerock shoot of the
Millwood Gun Club has been ad
vanced from the 29th inst. to the 22d
in order not to conflict with the bis
tournament of the Pacific Coast Trap
shooting Association at Ingleside on
the 29th and 30th.
The Union Gun Club will promote
its annual live bird shoot at Inglesid*
on June 26.
The entries of the following Stan*
ford University athletes have been
telegraphed to Chicago for the West
ern intercollegiate championships on
Marshall Field on June 4: Walter F.
Dunn, 220 and 440 yard dashes; Freds
S. Holman, 880-yard and mile runs;
Norman Dole, pole vault and high
jump; R. F. West, broad jump and
high jump; O. E. Hyde, shot-puts
Harry Lanagan. low and high hurdles a
Jesse Beach, pole vault; W. E. Craw
ford, hammer throw.
The regular monthly meeting of th«
board of managers of the Pacific Ath
letic Association will be held on Fri
day night in room 620, Rial to build
ing.
The stewards of the Jockey Club
have notified Starters Cassidy and
Fitzgerald that hereafter they must
send their fields away from a stand
ing start with the horses lined up close
to the barrier. The "walking up" sys
tem proved a failure, a number of
horses being left at the post.
PORTLAND. Or., May 10. — When
Beck failed' to hold Spencer's toss of
Eagan's bounder and Drennan mis
judged McLaughlin's swipe to center
field, which was good for two bags,
Portland lost all chance to win to
day. This was in the ninth, and one
run came in. . Castro then failed to
handle Graham's easy swat and two
more Tigers crossed the plate.
The game was full of life and bar
ring the final errors was well played.
The score:
Portland — 1 Tacoma—
AB. R. H. P. A.i. AB. R. H. P. A.
Dman.cf 4 0 2 1 0 Casey,2b 4 0 0 4 3
McCde.rf 4 0 12 0 Hanvn.cf 4 1110
Xadau.lf 4 0 10 0 Krdyk.Ib 3 0 3 9 2
Beck.lb. 4 0 0 9 2 Eagan.ss 4 1 O ti 4
Spncr,2b 4 0 O 6 1 McLhn.lf 4 110 0
Castro, ps 3 0 10 2 Grahm.e 3 0 0 7 2 1
Frncis,3b 3 0 0 2 1 Hogan. 3b 4 o 1 1 1
Sheauc. 3 0 17 1 Overal.rf 2 0 0 0 0
Thelmn,p 3 0 0 0 1 Thorns, rf 2 0 0 0 0
Keefe.p. 3 0 0 0 0
Totals. 32 0 6 27 8:
1 Totals. 33 3 6 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland O 0 O O 0 0 O O O — 0
Base hits 11 0 1 1 1 •> J *>— «
Tacoma O OO O 0 0 O O 3—3
Base hits 1 0 Q 1 1 1 0 0 2—6
SUMMARY.
Errors— Beck. Castro. Francis. Eagan. Sac
rifice hits — Nordyke, Graham. Stolen bases —
NordyUe. Eagan. Hogan. Struck cut — By
Thtelman. 6; by Keefe. 7. Two-base hit —
McLaushlln. Double plays — Hogan to Xor
dyke; Francis to Beck. Left on Bases — Port
land. 6: Tacoma, 5. Hit by pitched ball— By
Keefe. 1. First base on errors — Portland, 1;
Tacoma, 3. Time of game — 1:30. Umpire —
O'Connell.
ST. LOUIS SLUGGERS LAND
ON MATTHEWSOX'S CURVES
NEW YORK. May 10.— Despite tb.2
rain and mist which prevailed to-day,
racing: at Morris Park was of a most
spirited character, several of the events
being won by short heads, while in the
last event the keenness of the strug
gle was accentuated by the Judges
announcing a dead heat between Colon
say and Hello with The Southerner
third.
Many who wagered on Hello were
confident they would cash their bets,
for they saw Colonsay continually In
terfere with Hello for a sixteenth of a
mile. As Hello was thus forced into
The Southerner, his rider was com
pelled to pull up about eighty yards
from the finish.
Hardly had the jockeys on the three
placed horses passed the scales than
Hildebrand, who rode The Southerner,
preferred a claim of foul against both
the others. The stewards then heard
what Michaels and Phillips had to say
and in a few moments the' numbers
were taken down and Hello was an
nounced as the winner with The South
erner second and Short Hose third.
The last named probably found, the
task of conceding twenty-six pounds
to Colonsay, of the same age, too hard.
He ran fairly well for a mile.
In the fourth race, the Harlem
Stakes, with selling allowances, there
was another extremely close finish.
Everybody in line with the judges saw
Sheriff Bell win by about twelve inches
and the stewards saw it that way. The
spectators at the left hand side of the
stewards' stand believed Unmasked
won. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs, purse, three
year-olds.
Betting. Horse, weight, jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— Ort Wells, 104 (Hild) 1 1 h 1 2
13 to 5 — Mercury, 101 (Cormack).8 3 4 2 %
40 to 1— Coppelia. 09 (McFadden).2 2 Vt 3 10
Time. 1:IX Start good. Won easily. Winner,
J. A. Drake's ch. c. by King Eric-Tea's Over.
Lord of the Valley also ran.
SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs, three-year
olds and up; selling.
Betting. Hcrso, weight, jockey. St. % Fin.
ft to 2— Trepan lo:j tH. PhHlipsH 2 Vi 1 n
7 to 5— Ella Pnyder. 101 (Hild)..4 4 h 2 4
25 to 1— L. Melbourne, 108 (Trbl)2 12 3 2
Time, 1 :2S 1-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. E. R. Thomas' b. g. Top Gallant-
Lacreola. Inquisitive Girl. Elsie L, Mackiy
Dwyer also ran.
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs; for
fillies and geldings: two-year-olds: purse:
Betting. Horse, weight, jockey. St. ' -?i Fin.
7 to 5— Thirty-Third. 107 (Hlldbd)2 1 :t 1 l'/i
30 tol— Men Amour, 110 (Fuller). 3 21 2 2
10 to 1— Lincroft, 107 (H. Coohran)l 3 li 3 VS
Time. :D4. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner, S. P. Brown's b. f. by Sir Dixon-HIgh De
gree. Bulwark and Court Plaster also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Withers mile; the Harlem
yelling stakes; for three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, weight, jockey. St. *$, Fin.
IS to 5— Sheriff Bell, 100 <Cormack>:» In 1 h
13 to 6 — Unmasked. Ill (Fuller)... 2 2 H 2 2
U0 to 1— Tol San. 03 (D. O'Connor). 1 4 2 3 »i
Time, ] :41 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, 11. L. Hayman's b. c. by Ornament-
Louise. Charles Elwood and Palette also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Hon>e. wclcht. jockey. St. ?i Fin.
3 to 1 — Monadnock.97 (H.Philps) 2 1 IV h 1 v,
8 to 1 — J. Denton, 91 (Crlmins) 5 11 2 5
20 to 1— J. F. Ahearn, 94 (Hensy) 3 2 1 3
Time 1:2ft 2-5. Start poor. Won ilriving-.
Winner, F. J. Farrell's b. c. by Locohatchee-
Dolorc?. Embarrassment. Nevermore and Rob
Roi' also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-ol-ia and up; handicap:
Betting. Horue. weight, jockey. St. »; Fin.
5 to 2— Hello. 99 (H. Phillips)... 3 2 I5M
3 to 1 — Colonsay. 101 (Michaels). 4 3 n »1
2 to 1— The Southerner.95 (Hldbd) 1 1 n 3 2
Time, 1:4I>. Start good. First two drtv-lng
hard. Winner, N. Bennlnston's b. c. by Pon
tiac-Salutation. Shorthose and Hiawatha also
ran. 'Dead heat; Colonsay disqualified for
foulinc
New York's Premier Twirler Is
Knocked Out of the Box in
One Inning.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
NATIONAL. I AMERICAN.
W. L. Pet. I \V. L. Pet.
New York. ..13 .% .722; Boston 15 4 .7SS
Cincinnati ..15 7 .<;«2] Philadelphia 12 « .«!«7
Chicago 10 S .556' Chicago 12 !) .571
Boston 10 10 .500! New York... '.» 8 .529
Brooklyn ... N 11 .42l:Cleveland ... fl 8 .529
St. Louis s 11 .421, St. Louis !» !» .500
Pittsbhrg ... 7 12 .3<WiDetrolt 7 11 ..TS9
Philadelphia. 4 15 .212' Washington . 1 17 .055
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. May 10. — The St. Louis National
team d"feated New York handliy to-day. !
Matthewnon was knocked cut of the box in the
first inning:. Brain pounded the ball to the
tcoreboa'rd for the first home run of the season
on the St. Louis grounds. Attendance, 340u.
Score :
R. H. E.
Pt. Lcnif= 14 17 fi
New York 1 C 4
Batteries — McFarland an"l Grady; Matthew-
Ron. Mllllgan. Warner and Bowerman. Um
pires — Johnstone and Moran.
CINCINNATI. May 10.— The Cincinnatis
drove Poole off the rubber in the second inning,
when three sinfrles. three bases on balls, a
home run by Huggrln? with the base» full and
a triple put wven runs across the plate. At
tendance, 4000. Score:
n. h. e.
Cincinnati » 10 6
Brooklyn 7 8 3
Batteries — Hahn and Schlel; Poole, Re!dy
end BerRen.
CHICAGO. May 10. — Boston won to-day's
(Tame by timoly hitting in the last three
ir.nings. Attendance, 1000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 1 5 3
Boston 7 11 '2
Batteries* — Corridon and Kling; Fisher and
Moran. Umpire — Zimmerman.
PITTSBURG, May 10.— Both pitchers did
excellent work. The only hit scored against
ililler was in the eighth. Both of Pittsburgh
runs were scored on errors. Attendance, ltiOO.
Score :
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 2 3 1
Philadelphia 0 1 6
Batteries— Miller and Carrlsch; Sparks * and
Dooin. Umpire — Emslie.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON. May 10.— Powell's clrver pitching
at critical times proved too much for Boston In
to-rlay's game. Attendance, 0500. Score:
R. II. E.
New York 2 8 3
Boston 1 6 1
Batteries — Powell and McGuire; Gibson and
Farrell.
STANDING OF TOE CLUBS.
Pacific Coast Lm|u«.
W Lt Pct.[ VT. 1*. Pot.
'Tmaoma 2* 15 .efyseattl* 20 17 .541
Z>» A«|rei«...25 17 .fWB San Frja. . . . 18 23 .4S9
OaJdand ....23 17 .ft75,Portl»nd .... 8 30 —l-
Oakland was nosed out at th© finish
5-eeterday afternoon at Iflora Baseball
Park. Oakland. Just because Pete and
hi« warriors could not eteal the seven
winks coming down on tBe train from
the wild northern region*. They were
shy Just a run and that cost them
.their position in the pennant race, for
they repoee in third place and the
Angels are e=econd. Scora 3 to 2.
"They have no cots for us," quoth
Peter, "and ho-w can you win ball
g-axnes when you hare to sleep in the
field? I could put the kids to bed
vhen they come in from the field, but
then they might dream or being beat
en, bo it would surely be off with any
thing like that going on. The best we
can do is to fight 'em to the finish and
plve the fans a gallop for their coin."
And that's the way it came to pass.
Oakland only recovered in two rounds—
the second and the last. In the latter
It looked like an old time rapid-fire
Vindup, but Schmidt was nailed as he
tore into third base after Ganley
scored Lohman wiih a drive to the
left garden.
Schmidt teas a little wild and did not
look just right. The Angels squeezed
a run through in the third. Ross hit
to left and got to second while Kruger
•was making up for some of that lost
sleep on the train. Chase sacrificed
bim to third and Eagar let him ar
rive by putting a long fly out to center.
\\"hich Kruger could not return to the
plate in time.
• That tied the score and kept the fans
thinking and yelling for awhile. Many
times runs were cut off by some great
work on the part of the outfielders.
The Angels came up strongly in the
eighth. Ross opened it with a clout to ;
left good for three bags. Chase hit to
Schmidt and Ross just beat the throw
to the plate. Eagar's out put Chase
up one r.otch and "Dolly" Gray's nice
wallop to left field let him in, though
Moskiman fumbled the ball.
With one gone in the ninth. Oak
land made a try at a great finish.
Devereaux worked Gray for a base and
Peter himself came up to bat for Boet
tigcr. He forced the red one at sec
ond and then Schmidt get a walk. Gan
3ey responded with his third hit for the
day and Peter hotfooted for the pan.
He arrived safely, but Schmidt was
pinched as he came sliding Into the
third bag. The score:
Oakland— ! Lot Ange'.es—
AB.R. H. PA I ABB. H. PA.
Oaniry rf 5 « 3 3 OTorain.fs :{ O 1 2 1
Franke.'ss 4 <• 1 « 7. Flood. 2b 3 O O 3 3
Krugcr.cf 4OO50 Smith. 3b 3 « 1 3 1
Msl£mr..lf 3 '• 1 2 0 Bernrd.cf 5 0 2 4 0
Schfly. 2b :5 0 0 <» « Cravth.rf 4 O o £ O
Rtrdb 1b " O 111 O Ross. If . .42241
Tiexrx Sb 3 1 0 O 3 Chafe, lb 3 10 6 2
Bnftpir.e 3 O 0 4 O Eagar. c. 4 O 1 3 1
pri;mdt.p 2 «» O 0 3 Gray, p.. 4 O 1 O O
•Lehman 1 1 0 0 « Rayir.d.ss 0 0 0 0 2
Totals. 31 2 6 2« 13J Totals. C3 3 S 27 11
•Batted for Boettlger in ninth.
IIC2CS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
lx-s Archies 0 0 O 1 O 0 ft 2 0—3
Bai*r htt* 0 0 0 11 1 1 2 2 — S
Oakland 0 1 O 0 O 0 0 0 1—2
. Base fclu 1 1 O 1 1 0 1 0 1— «
SCUMART.
Ptol'n hasry — Gray. Mcskiman. Ganley. Er
rors — MoEkJtr.an, Bernard. Kruper, Smith.
F^rmocks. Three-base hit — Rcss. Two-base hit
— Strcib. Sacrifice hit? — Chase 2. Flood. Cra
-*aih. First base on errors — Oakland 1. Los
"'ATiEfles 1. FirFt bare on called bally — Off
Schmidt 5. off Gray 6. Left on bases — Oakland
£. l>os Angeles 13. Struck out — By Schmidt 1.
.'by Gray 1. Hit by pitcher — Toman. Double
"t>l»y — Chape to Smith. Pass»1 balls — Boettl
. r*r (2). Time of game — 1 hour 53 minutes. I'm
p.re« — McDonald and O'Neill.
STUDENTS PARTICIPATE
IN ATHLETIC EVENTS
JfORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, May 10. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Morris Park
are:
First race, five and a half furlongs or With
ers mile — Oriskany 90. Prlncelct 101, Burning
Glass 110. McGrathiana Prince 107, Girdle 105,
Queen Elizabeth 102. Gay Lothario 102, Neither
One 102. Appollinaris 04, Toupee 88 Foxy Kane
lOtt Clear the Arena 8S. San Nicholas 111,
Eloin l»0. Hcpeful Miss S6. The Elf 92, King
Pepper 107, Vagary 100, Gold Dome 09. Shrine
10C.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds. Eclipse course — Hed Friar 112,
Golden Surmise 112, Mussulman 112, Metro
pole 112, Hotshot 112, Uritisher 112. The
Claimant 112, Drone 112, Bank 112, Liberty
Star 1C9, High Life 103, Blessings Last 10i»,
Bellatrlx 100, Lilac 109, Antimony 109. Esterre
109. Sportsman 112, Warrior 112» Invader 112.
Third race, the Laureate, five furlongs.
Eclipse — Pasadena 11I>, Masea 110, Amberjack
115 Stimulant 110, Red Friar 110, Otsego 110,
Santa Catalina 107, Elegant 110.
Fourth race, seven and a half furlongs of
¦Withers mile, selling — Communicant 01, Dark
Planet 111. Florlzel 9.1, Orloff 108, Stone Arabia
IOC, Gaviota 100, Ascetic 108. Sllverfoot 00.
Daisy Green 106. Xeeburban 106.
Fifth race, about two miles, steeplechase,
Belling — I'hllma Paxton 153, Manlllan 155, Wai.
ter deary 153. Morrellton Chief 150 Farmers
Foe 158. Glenvarloch 158, Fulminate 155,
Eephone 155, Tireless 155, General Douglass
155. Emigrant 148, Billy Ray 148. Confederate
Gray 148, Black Death 140. Yelp 155, Hark
Forward 155.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap. Withers course — Lord Badge 111, Himself
100. IUyra 88, Gettysburg 09. Honolulu 97, Sals
02. Fort Plain 00. Stonewall 88."
Weather threatening. Track fast.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
By the Kew York Telegraph,
First race — San Nicholas, Oriskany,
Foxy Kane.
Second race — The Claimant, Sports
man, Metropole.
Third race — Amber Jack, Elegant,
Pasadena.
Fourth race — Gaviota, Daisy Green,
Ascetic. *
, Fifth race — Walter Clcary, Cotton
entry, Farmer's Foe.
Sixth race— Honolulu, Sais, Himself.
Notes of the Game.
G*n!ey knocked out three of the Oaklanders'
eix hit*.
• Toman hurt himself eliding Into first bore in
the rlchth and retired la favor of Raymond.
Kruger saved a raft of runs for his team in
the third wh'n h« grabbed Cravath's sky
*eraper with men on second and third and two
tiut
The fielding honors cf the day went to Ross.
He accepted half a dozen seemingly Impossible
-• hances in left field and he also figured in nsak
'inr most of the runs.
Franckc made one of the most remarkable
play* ever seen on any diamond and It hap
jjesed to be the <*urtain raleer of the game. In
the first Inning Tcman shot the ball past third.
It was cr'.r.g out to left field when Francks
rr.a£e a scoop for It aad wlnzed it over to first
in time to catch the runner. Such plays are
peen but few times In a season.
Fcfcafiy refused to wesr the regulation Oak
land black cap. He says he can't play ball un-
W* his head Is decorated with a piec« of white
millinery. Strange to «ay he never had a
• •nance In the field yesterday, something un
usual for a record bag*man.
The clencymen of Oakland **#m to be fans
r.f the first water. Tout of them sat In the
•traad stand yesterday and rooted for the home
tram to win. Each wa« cf a different creed,
but they ail united in pulling hard for Peter
and hi* warriors.
The double umpire eystem was tried yester
•<5ay and It worked well, for not a. kirk was
resi*t«red during the gam*. McDonald was
not fefllnr well, so "Tip" O'Neill volunteered
to help him cut. "Tip" looked out for balls
und strikes and Jim watched the bases.
•Tip's" eyes werw unusually good and nothing
escaped him.
The Recreation Park management has at last
purchased the property In back of the center
licM fence and on npxt Monday the work of
•moving the hou*»>« and extending the center
field fence back fifty feet will be commenced.
Manager Harris has signed Heiny Ueltr,
mrtwhile king of second basemen, to play the
middle utation. Rcltz has been playing in the
Oregon "Hush League" for several weeks and
ii> reported to have kept Fober for some time
T»e is signed on condition that he will not
touch a drop of liquor, ar.d half of hl» salary
wfll be withheld till the end of the reason, ko
.that the temptation to ro on a spree will be
less alluring.
Annual Field Day of the Hitchcock
Military Academy Furnishes
Some Exciting: Sport.
SAN RAFAEL, May 10.— The Hitch
cock Military Academy held its annual
athletic field day this afternoon on the
school campus. The exercises com
menced with a battalion dress parade.
This was followed by an exhibition
drill by Companies A and B. The Fifth
Regiment band, N. G. C, furnished
the field music for the dress parade
and discoursed selections during the
afternoon.
George F. Barrett of Palo Alto, the
academy champion, played an exhibi
tion game of tennis with John Tallant
of San Francisco, also a student of the
academy. Barrett won the champion
ship cup recently by defeating Tallant
by a score of 6 — 1, 7—5.
The regular field day contests con
sisted of twenty-three events. The
Judges of the events were Evan 1 C.
Evans, S. J. Halley, E. P. Halley and
Major C. C. Cunningham. A handsome
cup was awarded to E. Evans, he prov
ing the best athlete of the day. The
summary of the events is as follows:
*" 100-yard dash — First heat, Stornebrinlc won,
Collins eecond. Stetson third: time, :11, Sec
ond heat. E. Bvans won. II. Evans second.
Menziea third; time, :10 4-5. Final, E. Evans
won. Stornebrink second. Collins and H. Evans
tied for third place; time, :10 3-5.
120-yard hurdle — Evans won. H. Evans and
Stornebrink tied for second; time, :17 2-6.
220-yard dash — E. Evans won. Stornebrink
second, Collins third; time. :24.
Broad Jump — Tallant won. E. Evans second,
Stornebrink third; distance. 19 feet 2 inches '
4tO-yard dash— E. Evans won, Stornebrink
second; time. :K$ 2-5.
Pole vault — Tallant won, Collins second;
heiKht 9 feet 2 Inches.
Half-mile dash — Tallant won. Evans second.
Boyle third; time. 3:15.
Shot-put — Collins won. Baldwin second,
Stornebrfnk third; distance, 4* feet 2 inches.
High Jump — Mills won: ¦ H. I'-rsns second,
Nance third: height. 5 feet l.lnch.
Hammer-throw— Baldwin won,- Collins eec
ond; distance. 143 feet « Inches. ,
Marshall Leads at Chess.
CAMBRIDGE SPRINGS, Pa., May
10. — At the conclusion of the tenth
round of the international chess
masters' tournament to-day Marshall
of Brooklyn took the lead by beating
Showalter, Janowski not having fin
ished his game with Fox. As this
game is at best a draw, Marshall leads
Janowski by at least half a point.
Laske/* remains in third place. The
results follows: Napier .and Delmar
drew; Fox and Janowski adjourned
after fifty-eight moves; -Marshall beat
Showalter; Pillsbury j ; and Hodges
drew; Barry ' defeated r Teichmann;
Mieses and Schlechter drew; Lasker
defeated Lawrence', and Marco beat
Tschigorin. ¦¦Vt-^ -. ¦'.": '¦'¦
Last Sembrich Recital.
The third, last and best .of the Sem
brlch recitals took place last night at
the Alhambra, with a large attend
ance. Several new songs were intro
duced by the singer by Strauss, Hugo
Wolf, Tschaikowsky, Von Flelitz and
Lubomirski, the .programme including
songs in no fewer than six languages,
In all of which Sembrich seemed at
home. ¦• • . : .
American Golfer Defeated.
LONDON, May 10.— In the ladies'
golf championship , contest at Troon,
Scotland, to-day Miss ;Higgins of the
Midlothian Club of Chicago, who ; drew
against the 1 international championi
Miss Rhena Adair, was defeated by
3 up, 2 to play.
Otts to right Rube Smith.
A battle that promises to be short
and to the point has been arranged for
the Reliance Club's monthly show
next Monday night. It will be be
iween Billy Otts and Rube Smith at
14 2 pounds, weigh in at 3 o'clock, and
has fight in every letter of the two
names. Good Judges say it may go
six or eight rounds, but can hardly
•last' longer, as each man usually winds
up with a knockout when meeting
one of hia own kind. Their styles
are similar. Ottsis a trifle more clev
rr. but Smith's ruggednes3 makes, up
for tha^ difference. The . similarity
lays inThe fact that they both bore In
and swap blows at all times and can
hit hard enough to win if they land
right ¦ " '- v*-i
. Fred Nutting, "from Australia," laid
down to Danny Sullivan after a minute
of fighting in a scheduled ten-round go.
Jack Evans secured the decision over
Fred Turner, colored, in four rounds.
Thurston recovered in the tenth
round, but was kept in bad shape by
Mike's repeated blows to the stomach.
In the fourteenth round McClure sent
his opponent through the ropes. After
the ninth round McClure was busy at
his man's stomach, and the fight ended
with Mike hammering away.
Thurston's blows were cleaner but
proved ineffective. There was no steam
in them after the eighth round. The
only time he seemed to affect McClure
was in the third round, when a couple
of rights and lefts shook up Mike. In
the rallies McClure had the best of It,
but the stronger. On the whole the
fight was slow.
Mike McClure won a decision over
Charles Thurston in a fifteen-round
boxing bout last night at the Sequoia
Club, Oakland. McClure had his man
in dire distress in the ninth round from
a terrific stomach punch. Only the gong
saved Thurston from going out. Thurs
ton's seconds yelled "foul," but Referee
Kckhart justly refused to recognize the
claim.
Vanquished Boxer's Seconds
I Say He Was Hit Low, but
* Referee Rules Out Claim
31essrs. Billings,ButlerXam
pau, Thayer, Perkins and
Hanna Are the Officials
Championship Ball Is Played
Until the Browns Commit
Costlv Errors at Finish
SCORE IS NEARLY TIED
Peter and His Warriors Try
for a Garrison Finish in
Ninth, but Quit Too Soon
ST. LOUIS, May 1.0. — The entries
for t he « Delmar races to-morrow are:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Bodul 100,
Ugly Ben 88. Duplicate 105, Gallawater 103,
Caybon 93. G«tchal 93. HJckory Corners 105,
Second Mate 108, C&rnellan 100.
Secund race, four furlongs, two-year-olds,
selling — Virgle Withers 05. Miss Layman 90,
George T 103. Tommy. O'Hara 98, Sonya 97.
The Doctreps 05.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Klngstella
100 Laura Hunter 103. Sid Silver 100, Uranium
103. Lady Radnor 100.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — John
Doyle 91 One More 102, AIflo'105, Blue Miracle
107 Radium 99, Vulcaln 107, Knowledge 88.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Nath Woodcock 107. Bourke Cochran 100,
Hucena 102, The Bobby 109.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Tickful
101, Four Leaf Clover 104. Potente 101, Ben
gal 111.
Weather clear; track heavy.
DELMAR PARK ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Hore, weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
16 to 5 — Lovable. 102 (Stovall) « 6 3 11
20 to 1— Sting. !(C (Plunkctt) 1 11 2 1
8 to 1— Echodale, 100 (D. Austin). 5 3 1 3 1%
Time, 1 :22Vi. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. Thomas & Co.'s ch. m by Birtlsslma-
Lucasta. Thlsbe 9S, Princess Me 94, Broodier
109, Potente 104. Flora I>evy 94, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. Horse, weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1— Frank Rice, 103 (Rice) 3 3 2 12
3 to 1— South Breeze. 101 (Perkins)? (5 2 2 1%
4 to 1—Deooration. 102 (Cocolo) 2 4 2 3 .1
Time, 1:57. Start good. Won cleverly. Win
ner, Mrs. W. B. Freeman's b. h. by Dr. Rice-
Francis D. Sister Lillian 102, Blrdwood 100,
Second Mate 110, Tickful 101, also ran.
"FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
11 to 5— Lucian. 101 (Wallace)... 3 3 4 11
2 to 1 — Kindml, 112 (Donegan). 2 12 2 V4
4 to 1— Fick. Saint. OS (D.Austn) 1 2h 3 1Vi
Time, 1 :1!2. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. L. Johnson's br. c. by St. George-
Mai Fai. Gay American 97 also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds; purse: |
Betting. Horse, weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5 — Tower, 102 .(D.Austin)... 1 2 'j 1 5
5 to 1— Shortcake. 105 (W.Davis). 2 3S 2 5
3 to 2 — Clarereont. 105 (Cocolo>.. 3 1 % S 1
Time. 1:24. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. N. J. Cattanott's b. g. by Bassctlaw-
Duchess of Tower. St. Asnes 100 and Lena
Weldon 100, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; two-year
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, weight Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 5— MaJ. Outlook, 100 (Trxlr). 2 12 14
lOtol— Lauree L. 112 (Shlckel).. 5 .In In
10 to 1 — Any Rags; 112 Monroe).. 6 64 3 >i
Time. :5ti%. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. James Kennedy's ch. g. by Outlook- Lutie
Longlver. John Randolph 113, Liquozone 109,
Inflammable 105, Wlllodene 112, Dromio 112.
also ran.
ST. LOUIS. May 10.— Well- played
horses almost swept the card to-day
at the Delmar racecourse, Frank Rice,
out of line at 9 to 1. being the only
outsider to win. Mattlngly showed a
first-class two-year-old in John Ran
dolph, which became mired in the mud
In the second race, was absolutely last
turning into the stretch and then came
like a wild horse in the end. He would
have won in a few more strides. The
track was slow. Attendance, 4000.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
18 to 5 — Lou Beach, 102 (Wallace) 4 In In
10 to 1— Nan Dora, 90 (P. Sly)... 2 2 3 2 8
16 to 1— Moroni, 115 (H. Gilmore). 3 33 3 1
Time, 1:24. Start' goo<l. except 1'atricus.
Won driving. Winner. H. T. Batcheler'a ch. rn.
by Bobby Beach- Kisseme. Garden lt.8,
Wellesley .100 Cressida 94 Illuminate 103, Gus
Dtx 96, Faquita 101. Patricus 95. Russiana 1C2.
also ran.
KEEFFS GOOD WOKK
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, weight. Jockey. St. ?« Fin.
7 to 1— Marcos. Ill (Sherwood) 3 2 Va 1 2'i
0 to 1— Chantrelle. 102 (Fischer).. 4 1 Vs 2 2%
5 to 1— Misanthrope. 91 (Nlcol) 7 3 ifc 3 4
Time. 1:46 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. H. Demham's b. h. by King Lee-
Espanola. Early Eve 113. Lampoon its. Benson
Caldwell 104. Soldier of Fortune 09. Star Gazer
109, Louis Kraft 91, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horpe. weight. Jockey. St. »* Fin.
3 to 1— Blackwolf. 90 (Hoffman).. 8 2 1 It)
4 to 1— K. Scruggs. 91 (Wilson). . .7 11 24
13 to 1— Plantus. 03 (Taylor) 6 4 4 J3( a
Time, 1:47. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner S. S. Tracy & Co.'s br. c. by Tenny-Belle
Amie. Alma Girl 102. Lord Touchwood 104.
Omdurmsn 107. Eleven B?Us 107, Miss Rtllie
SG, Cay 9<», also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and ud; handlcao:
Betting. Horse, weight. Jockey. St. »* Fin.
2 to 1— C. Wolsey.110 (Mclntyr) 3 1113
IS to 5— Chamblee. 100 (Fisher). 2 2 3 2 7
11 to 10— Suave, 10C (Henry) 4 3 2 3 4
Time, 1:17. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. S. W. Street & Co.'s br. g. by St. Leon
ard-Hampton Belle. Creole Jim 104 also ran.
THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year
olds; nurse:
Betting. Horse, weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
Even— Lazarion 107 (Nlcol) 6 67 11
G to 1— R.L.Johnson, 107 (Olphnt) 4 3 1 2 3
5 to 1— Lady Laaca, 100 (J.Boker) 1 14 3 3
Time. :50 4-5. Start bad. Won handily.
Winner, Fred Cook's br. c. by Cesarion-Lura
F. Charley's Aunt 109. Tada 106, Sterling
1'rlnce 10.5. Gertie Allen 100, Kid Weller 1W,
Jim Canale 107, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; four-year
olds and up-, selling:
Betting. Horse weight Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
3 to 2— Van Ness 100 (Fischer).. 3 14 1 2\4
3 to 1— Mayor Johnson. 105 (Nlcol) 2.21 21
12 to 1— Censor. 110 (Henry) K 32 3n
Time. 1:14 4-.V Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. W. Schorr's b. g. by Loyalist-Ada
B. Barkelmore 107 Postman 109. Anna Beall
08. Joe Martin 113, June Collins 106. Bab 100,
Colonel Tyler 10". also ran.
CHICAGO, May 10.— Van Ness won
his third consecutive victory at Worth
to-day when he cantered home in the
second and feature race of the day two
and a half lengths In front of Mayor
Johnson. Despite the fact that he ap
peared to outclass his field, he was as
good as 8 to 5 in the ring, at which
price he was heavily backed and went
to the post at 3 to 2. Van Ness jumped
to the front in the first few strides and,
with apparently no effort, went on and
with his head high in the air cantered
home the easiest kind of winner.
Fred Cook's American Derby candi
date, Father Tallent, is seriously 111;
The track was still slow to-day, but
it is. drying out rapidly and, barring no
more rain, will be fast on Thursday.
The weather was clear and the attend
ance good. Summaries:
FIRST IlACE— Four and a half furlongs; for
two-year-olds; selling. _
Betting. Horse, weight jockey. St. ?i Yin.
0 to R— Jade. 102 (Oli'pha'nt) 5 83 In
6 to 2— Pegpy Mine; 111 (Booker). 4 In 24
6 to 1— rhindall. 101 (Fischer) 1 2 1 3n
Time, :57. Start good. Won driving:. Win
ner. H. T. Griffin's b f by Henry of Navarre-
Lady Onward. Raymond K 101 Al Casey 100.
Midalma US. The Triner llw. Foxy. Grandma
100. My Eleanor 101 Gretchen Hope 08, also
ran.
PROMINENT- STEWARDS
CRY OF "FOUL" IS RAISED
Uses a Stomach Punch With
Telling Effect and Has a
Decided Lead Throughout
Misplays by Beck and Dren
nan Give Tacoma .-Tossers
Three Buns and the Game
Representatives of Twelve
Important Tracks Organ
ize to Improve Earing
John Randolph Is
a Clever Two-
Year-Old.
Colonsay Punished
for Bumping
Hello.
Van Ness Scores
Third Victory
at Chicago.
Angels Score Thrice During
Game and Thereby Man
age to Be in Second Place
MORRIS PARK JUDGES ALLOW
HILDEBRAND'S CLAIM OF FOUL
OAKLAND NOSED
OUT BY A RUN
M'CLURE WINS
FROM THURSTON
PORTLAND SHUT
OUT BY TIGERS
GRAND CIRCUIT
INCORPORATED
TROTTING CIRCUIT TRACKS UNDER ONE GOVERNING BODY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1904.
TRIES TO COMMIT SUICIDE.— Paul
Graves, residing at 1128 Howard street tried
to commit suicide last night by turning on the
gas in his room. He was taken to the Kmer-
Kencv HoaDital. where he «oon recovered.
CHINESE TO TEST ¦.'ORDINANCE.— Ah
Bang 1 and two other Chinese arrested at 118
Waverly place last March by Policeman J. E.
Robl - for vlsltlnff a gambling house yesterday
applied to the Superior Court for a writ prohib
iting their trial In the Police Court. A writ
returnable Friday was Issued by Judge Mu
rasky. ; The suit was brought to test the valid
ity of the gambling ordinance recently passed
bv the Board of SUDervlsors.
The Native Sons and i Daughters
made merry at the Pure Food and In
dustrial Exposition in Mechanics' Pa
vilion last night. This evening the
League of the Cross Cadets and the
"grocers of Alameda County are to be
the guests of honor.
Make Merry at Food Exhibit.
Michael and Joseph Branda, broth
ers, had a lively argument yesterday
with Santo Moscona, who was engaged
by them as a driver of their scavenger
carts, j The trouble arose over the al
leged bad treatment accorded a horse
by Moscona. As a r.esult of the fra
cas Joseph Branda received a deep
cut on the left arm with a knife al
leged to have' been wielded by Mos*
cbna,- who himself received lacerated
wounds during the conflict. After a
police investigation Moscona was ar
rested and charged with assault with a
deadly weapon. .,
Horso Cause of Altercation.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lEROYllTTLE
CIGARS;
Packets cf tem T^nS 5 ' '
BOX OF FIFTY • -•
mailed postpaid 50 *
Urge size 75<
L. Miller & Sons 153 Crosbt SUttTO SAIL
War Vesi»els lteach Honolulu.
The -flajr ship New Tork. m-Jtn Admiral
"H«-nry Glass, commander in chief of the Pa
cific squadron, on board, arrived yesterday at
Honolulu in company with the Bennington.
Th* vtrfl,iN S went to the South Sea po:i
direct from Panama. Mrs. Glass left on the
Mongolia for Honolulu «nd will remain theie
dur.r.i- the New York's ftay at that port.
Steamer. For. Balls.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. May 11
Cottage City. Skasrway & Way Ports. May 13
Dolphin Skagway tt Way Ports. May 15
Corwtn. ...... Nome May 15
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 16
Al - Kl Efcagway & Way Ports . May 18
Santa Ana V&ldez & Way Ports.. May 18
Dlrigo Skagway & Way Ports. May 19
J. Dollar Valdez & Seward May 22
Nome City... Nome May 25
Sun, Moon and Tide. ,-
United Statea Coast and Geodetic- Survey —
Notice to Mariners.
CAPE MENDOCINO— CALIFORNIA.
dfl^Wrftr »»>-n>ark 8 ; 'P.-
It is reported that Blunts Reef Whistling
Buoy, painted red and marked "Blunt" ln
The bark Diamond Head, now at Blakeley,
lg chartered for lumber, thence to Eten. Peru.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
The time ball was not dropped to-day,
through failure of the noon slgrnal to trip the
mechanism. j. c. BURNETT.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. In Charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrocraphic Office, United States
Navy. Merchants' Exchange, San Fran
cisco. May 10.
WiHlam H. Adkins, colored, con
vitted- of manslaughter for shooting
Vnd killing Muldoon McDonald, col
ored pugriiist, on December 25, was
sentenced by Judge Cook yesterday to
serve two years in San Quentin. The
Judge said the defendant'? character
was eKcellent while in the army end
he evidently did not belong to the
criminal class. On the other hand,
the murdered man's character wos
proved to be bad and he had commit
ted a robbery. ,when the defendant
followed him to have him arresteL
The defendant had apparently no in
tention of committing: murder and a
Ifght sentence would serve the ends of
jvrtlce.
Adkins Gets Light Sentence.
The British ship Howth, which left here
October 12, arrived May 7 at Plymouth^
The BritiBh ship Vincent, reported^ ashore
at Swansea, has been assisted off. ohe is
said to have sustained no damage.
No word has been received yet of the
rteamer Concmaucrh, which left Honolulu, for
New ; Tork 106 days ago and whose no«j
aireaii;ic« is causing grave apprenensloa for
b*.- sAK-iy.
The American ship Erskine M. Pfaelps sailed
May » from Delaware Breakwater for Hono
lulu.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's 'liner
Ventura, bas arrived at Sydney.
Water Front Notes.
The British bark Adderley. which arrived
Monday from Newcastle, Australia, outsailed
tlire* American vessels, none of which has
JrtwitJn an appearance. The Senia, Car
rollton and William Bowder sailed from New
castle for this port at intervals of from one
day to one «nonth ahead of the Britisher,
valch xnade the passage in seventy-nine days.
Far Behind the Britisher.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
tSay 11.
Kewbur^. . . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
G. Doll»r. . * Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
S. Cru* San Pedro & "Way. 8 am Pier 11
May 12.
Elizabeth.. Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
G. W. Klder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Amer. Maru China &. Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor Pier —
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
May 13.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am! Pier 13
Spokane Humboldt l:30pJPler 9
May 14. J
B. Monica.. Grays Harbor '4 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Fier 2
Alameda Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 0 pm Pier 20
San Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Aurelia.... Astoria & Portland 5 pro Pier 2
May IS. |
B. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 amjPier 11
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 ami Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am I Pier 0
May 16. |
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9,
May 17.
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 18.
North Fork Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
NoroeClty. Nome via Seattle Pier —
May 19. f
Rainier.... Seattle & BTgham 4 pmlPler 10
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pmjpier 2
China... ... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
May 20.
Umatilla... Puget Spund Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay S pm|Pier IS
May 31. I
Peru N. Y. via Panama. |12 m [Pier 40
Portland... Nome & St.Michael| |.......
Quoted for Reinsurance.
The vessels on the overdue list were quoted
for reinsurance yesterday as follows:
British ship Lamorna, out seventy-four days
from Tacoma for Queenetown. 90 per cent.
French ehip Lamoriciere. out 188 days from
New Caledonia for Glasgow feO per cent
Austrian ship Alba, out 1*8 days from New
York for Brisbane. 10 per cent.
Mrs. Stein placed the child in the
care of the family of Captain Varney
pf the llfe-eavingr station and three
wetfcs ago her divorced husband
called there and took the child away,
as he uas $60 in arrears for board and
losing;, saying: he would place it in
th.e care ot his mother in Fruitvale.
Since then Mrs. Stein had not seen or
'heard of the child, but she believes it
was with its father, either in St. Louis
or New York. The police promised to
assist her in locating the child.
Mrs. May F. Stein, 1402 Fillmore
street, called at police headquarters
>;esler<l3.y morning: and complained
thatvher baby boy. Charles M- Stein.
18 months old. had been kidnaped
t!hr.ee weeks a*ro. She said she had
obtained a divorce about nine months
2j?o ¦ from her husband. Charles M.
Stein., who ivas at that time employed
by his father, a sign writer at 30 Sac
ramento street, and the custody of the
c&ild had be«»n awarded to her.
Mr*- May Stein Applies to Police for
• . Help in Recovering Possession
of Her Baby.
The United 6tate« gunboat Petrel and the
navy collier Saturn sailed yesterday for
Alaska, where the Petrel vrill remain for
several months. Their destination Is Ktska.
one of the most western islands of the Aleutian
archipelago where Uncle Sam will establish
a navy coaling station. The water* ln the
vicinity of the ieland were surveyed last year
ana the officers of the Petrel will continue the
work The Saturn will discharge her cargo
of coal at Kiska. anfl during th* summer will
probably take a number of additional cargoes.
To EstabUsh Coaling Station.
WIFE ACCUSES fX)RMER
HUSBAND OF KIDNAPING
Steamer. From. I Due.
W. Kruger... San Pedro IMay 11
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May 11
Elizabeth Coquille River |May 11
Eureka Humboldt May 11
Spokane Humboldt May 11
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports May 11
Del None Crescent City May 12
Doric China & Japan May 12
Coronado ! San Pedro |May 12
Point Arena., j Mendocino & Pt ArenaJMay 12
Santa Rota. . San Diego & Way Pta.|May 12
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports.iMay 12
Ban Mateo Tacoma May 12
J. S. Higgins. Port Los Arnrele* May 12
Argo Eel River Ports May 13
Pomona Humboldt May 14
S. Monica San Pedro May 14
R. Dollar San Pedro May 14
Oregon • Portland & Astoria May 14
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom May 14
Wellington. . . Oyster Harbor |May 14
North Fork.. Humboldt IMay la
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla May 15
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports May 16
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. May 16
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports May 16
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. May 16
Peru New Torli via Panama. May 16
Sexapis Hamburg & Way Pts. May 17
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. May 17
San Juan New York via Panama. May IS
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma May IS
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. May 18
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 19
Centralia Grays Harbor May 19
Marlposa. . . . Tahiti iMay 21
Hermonthis.. Seattle (May 21
Senator Puget Sound Ports |May 21
Per stmr Alameda— May 5, 5:30 p m — In lat
25 17 N, long 101 22 W, stmr steering SW.
May 7. 11:45 p m— In lat 30 42 N, long 138 67
W, stmr Sierra, from San Francisco for Syd
ney. May 8, 7:42 a m-^In lat 32 30 N, long
138 00 W, three-masted schr steering NW by
W. May 9. 3:30 a m— In lat 84 42 N, lonjf
131 42 W, stmr Mongolia, from San Francisco
for China, steering 8W. May 9, 6:46 p m— In
lat 35 04 N, long 128 03 W, four-masted ship
steering S. .
April 1— In lat 20. S, long 33 W, Dan bark*
Sixtus. from Antwerp, for San Frand*co
May 5— In lat 44 S, Ion* 11 w. Br chip
Matterhorn, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, May 10, 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy; w-lnd NW; velocity 32 miles per hour.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, May 10.
Stmr Senator Cousins, Victoria, B. C. ; P C
S S Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; P C S 3 Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, May 10.
U S stmr Petrel, Sherman, Alaska.
U S stmr Saturn. Newell, Kiska Island
(Alaska).
Stmr F. A. Kilburn, Jahnsen, Watsonvllle
Landing. •
Stmr Senator, Cousins, Victoria, B. C.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Shasta, Hansen, San Pedro.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Gipey Leland, Santa Cruz.
Rtmr Mandalay, Smith, Crescent City.
Stmr (jualalo, Hansen. Benders Landing.
Stmr Navarro, Weber. Eureka.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Half moon Bay.
Bchr Sausallto. Dahloff, Grays Harbor.
8chr A B. Johnson, Segelhoret, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Coquille. Pederson, Coqullle 'River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 10.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, 6 days 5 hours from
Honolulu.
Nor stmr Telltis, Arntzen, 85 hours from
Ladysmith.
Stmr Porno. Ahlln, 12 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr Shasta. Hansen, 3*4 days from Bel
lincham.
Stmr Cxarlna, Johnson, 41 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Greenwood. Swanson, 18 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Navarro. Weber, 29 hours from Eu
reka <*) river direct).
Stmr Jeanie, Downing, 4 days from Seattle.
Stmr San Pedro, Rasmuseen, 60 hours from
Grays Harbor.
I Stmr P. A. Kilburn, Jahnsen. 7 hours from
Port Rocers.
Stmr Aurelia, Erickson, 72 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 60 hours.
Bark Coloma. Johnson, 34 hours from Ku
rcka.
Schr C. S. Holmes, Thompson, 4 days from
Columbia River.
Shipping Intelligence.
white letters, off Cape Mendocino California,
is not sounding. It will be repaired as soon
as practicable.
By order of the Lig-hthouse Board.
W. P. DAY, Commander, V. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
BRITISH BARK ADDERLEV. WHICH
OUTSAILED THREE AMERICAN
VESSELS FROM NEWCASTLE.
Mis*. Ix-ona Bonne Demands $100,000
Damages Because He Refused
to Marry Her.
Mis? Leona Bonne of Chicago avers
in a complaint filed yesterday in the
United States Circuit Court that Wil
liam L. D. Gary of Oakland owes her
J 100,0 00 damages for trifling with her
. heart and disdaining her hand after
he^ had promised to make her his wife.
:More than that, she states that when,
on February 23, JS01, in Chicago he
induced her to promise to marry him,
he was already a married man, but
falsely and fraudulently represented
to her ..that he was a bachelor.
Then she goes on to state that on
March 4, 1901, he was divorced from
his wife and since then married an
other woman, forgetful of his ante
xfivorce vows of fealty to the plaintiff.
•Since that event the slighted Leona
has^remained single, she says, and al
ways ready to fulfill the promise she
'made to Cary in Chicago.
. The plaintiff, who is a circus per
ff.rrrjer, first sued defendant in Chicago
and. again in Oakland, but lost in each
instance.
OAKLAND CAPITALIST
ACCUSED OF FLIRTING
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hijeh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about ,25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 11.
j
Sun rises 5:0.3
Sun sets 7:09
Moon rises 2:56 a. m.
t) iTlmel Time Time |Tlme
£. | j Ft. ¦- — Ft. Ft. Ft.
? |L W| H W L W |H W
11 I 2:6'.' 1.5| 9:07j 4.2 2:35 1.9 9:10 F^2
12 j 3:23 1.0 10:00 4.4 3:12 2.0 9:40 5.2
IS 4:02 0.5110:47 4.fi 3:60 2.2 10:06 5.B
14 4:36 0.0)11:34 4.4 4:27 2.3 10:39 6.5
15 6:20—0.3112:21 4.6 5:06 2.511:10 6.«
16 -I «:03i— 0.51 1:10 4.fl 5:47 2.7111:48 6.7
17 | 6:45)— 0.6| 1:67! 4.6| 6:32| 2.9) |
NOTE — In the. above, exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but, three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the aoundlngs of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
eign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of tht lower low waters.
NEW YORK — Arrived May 10 — Stmr Kroon
land, from Antwerp; etmr Kaiser Wilhelm II.
from Bremen. •
Sailed May 10 — Stmr Armenian, for Liver
pool; stmr Potsdam, for Rotterdam; stmr Nord
Amerlka, for Oenoa; stmr Prinzes* Alice, for
Bremen; stmF- Perurla. for Naples.
NAPLES — Arrived May 9 — Stmr Sicilian
Prince, from New York.
MARSEILLES — Arrived May 9— Stmr Cala
bria, from New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 10 — Stmr Re
public, from Boston-
Sailed May 10 — Stmr Saxonla, for Boston. ,
GENOA— Arrived May 9— Stmr Cltta di To
rono, from New Tork.
Sailed May 7— Stmr SIcilia, for New York.
BREMEN — Arrived May 10— Stmr Kron
Prlnz Wilhelm. from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS
PANAMA — Arrived May 1 — Stmr Newport,
hence Arr 9.
DOVER — Parsed May 9 — Fr bark Jane Gull-
Ion hanc* Dec 27, for Queenstown.
FALMOUTH — Sailed May 8 — Fr bark La
Tour d'Auvergne, for Lcith.
IPSWICH— Arrived May 6 — Ger ship Chrls
tel. from Portland.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 7 — Br ship
Howth, henc« Oct 12.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived May 9 — Br stmr Lo
thian, from Portland.
'Sailed May £ — Br stmr Athenian,' for Van
couver.
CALLAO — Sailed May 9 — Ger stmr Luxor,
for San Francisco.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior May 10 — Stmr Ven
tura, hence Apr 14.
SWANSEA— Sailed May 8 — Fr bark Mar
guerite Mlrabaud. for San Francisco.
ALTATA — Arrived Apr 28 — Schr Halcyon,
hence A or 8.
TAKU— Arrived May 10— Schr Annie E.
Smale, from Astoria.
VICTORIA— Arrived May 10— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Yokohama; Br stmr Mlo
wera, from Brisbane.
FOREIGN PORTS
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed out
May 9 — Ship Erskine M. Phelps. for Honolulu.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 10— Stmr Hawa
iian, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 10— Stmr So
noma, from Sydney; U S strar» Bennlngton
and New York, from Panama.
Sailed May 10 — Stmr Sonoma. for San
Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT— Sailed May 10— Stmr Arcata.
for San Franclaco.
Arrived May 10— Stmr Alliance, hence May
6,- via Eureka. •
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived May 10— Schr
John A. Campbell, from Redondo. Passed in
ward — Stmr Centennial, hence May 7, for Se
attle: schr Banror, from San' Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed out May 10— Br ship Cls
eie, for Fremantle.
Passed in May 10— Stmr Mlneola, from San
Francisco, for Tacoma. /
VENTURA— S| lied May 10— Stmr Acme, for
San Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived May 10— Stmr Edith,
hence May B. ¦
SAN PEDRO^ — Arrived May 10— Schr Lucy,
from Umpqua; schr Fred E. Sander, from
Grays Harbor. ¦ •
Arrived May JO — Schr Beulah from Umpqua.
EUREKA — Arrived May 10— Schr O. M. Kel
logg, henca May 8: stmr Newsboy, hence May
7. Passed— Stmr Charles Nelson, hence May
8. for. Seattle.
EVERETT— Arrived May 10 — Schr Admiral,
from San Diego; schr Salvator, from San Di
ego. May fr— Schr Ethel Zane. from San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 10— Schr
Bangor, from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 10— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence May 6; schr Falcon, hence Apr 27.
SEATTLE — Sailed May 10, 2:45 p m — Stmr
Portland, for San Francisco. . '
MULKILTEO — Arrived May 10— Schr C. A.
Klose hence Apr 26. .
PORT HA RFORD— Sailed May 9— Stmr
Asuncion, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES-^Salled May 9— Stmr
W. H. Krurer, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 10— Sehr
Fanny Dutard, from San Pedro.
Sailed May 10 — Schrs Defiance and w. H.
Smith, for San Pedro: stmr Olympic, for San
Francisco. ' •.
E. W. Giddings of Denver, with his
wife, daughter and son, returned on the
Alameda. Other passengers were: F.
L. Hoogs, owner of the Hawaiian Star;
Lieutenant Pender of the navy and his
wife; F. W. Smith, assistant manager
of the Alexander Young Hotel; W. E.
Pinkham, a Honolulu architect, and
many others well known here and in
Honolulu.
The Alameda's passengers included
the following named:
C 6. Barter, Mary H. Barrett. Mrs. J. R.
Btrirtrom Mies Blols. A. W. Carman, Mr.
Couen MUs Cowen, George Crow, J. K.
Dasmt. J. M. Dom, Miss C. L. Dowdle. C.
H Edward*, Mrs. F. Evlngr. Mrs. and Mies
Gj<3dlngs. E. W. Glddlnjrs and son. Mrs.
Gostick A Hemerlch. wife and daughter, I".
S. Hill' and wife. F. L. Hoots, Mrs. W. L.
Howard. Mr*. Larure. Mia» Urned D Uver,
A. E. Lutz. M. J. Laitz and wife, Vv C. Lyon
and wife. Mm. F. W. Macfarlane Mr.. D. O.
May M F. McDonald. B. S. McEihtnny, Mrs.
McPhetridK*. G. Mackintosh and wife. D. U
Meyer and three children. E. E. Millard and
¦bUc Mi*. MHlarf. Mrs. Myatt. P. O-Brteu.
K. Ohlanflt. C. H. Peirce. Mr. and Mr* Pen
der and child. W. E. Pinkham. Mrs. Roe«.i,
MUii E F. Smith. F. W. Smith and wife, J.
W. Steven, and wife. W. N. Stewart J. t.
Upson and wife. Ml.s Upwn. J. Wakefield. J.
8 Welfh and wife. Mr*. Jacques and two
daughters, J. A- M. Johnson. H. A. Peterson.
Mr. Kato and wife, G. Naeari.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, which arrived yesterday
afternoon from Honolulu, bucked head
winds nearly every knot of her Journey
from the island port, but, in spite of
the heavy and continuous handicap,
kept better faith with her schedule
than do the trains running between the
Atlantic and Pacific seaboards. The
Alameda came up from Honolulu In six
days, three hours and would have
docked an hour earlier than she diJ
had the Harbor Commission dredging
department not overlooked a bank of
mud which shoaled the water on the
south side of Pacific street wharf.
The Alameda brought 1760 tons of
freight and 229 passengers. Among the
passengers were many Eastern tourists
to whom the trip on the Alameda "was
not the least enjoyable part of their
South Sea vacation.
P. S. Moore of Lancaster, Pa., said
that he bought 2500 shares at $1 25 a
share, and that when he asked Rumble
to make him a loan on the stock Rum
ble replied that he was a miner, not a
lender.
Dr. H. E. Bliler of Chicago told how
he paid Rumble for S50 shares at $1 50,
and drew $100 in dividends.
Frank T. Terry, another Easterner,
identified circulars telling of the nug
gets that were being washed out of the
Old Glory. '
Gold nuggets each weighing an ounce
and crushing down the riffles in the
sluice boxes of the Old Glory mine, in
the citrus belt of Butte County, were
the golden bait used by George W.
Rumble to sell to optimistic Easterners
dividend-bearing shares of the Sunset
Mining Company, of which Rumble
was the head and the tall. Stacks of
letters and circulars were read in the
United States District Court yesterday
by Assistant United States Attorney
Ben L. McKinley which were go full of
chunks of gold (on paper) and 24 per
cent per annum dividends that the eyes
of the twelve jurors seemed to water
at the millionaire feast.
Despite the efforts of General W. H.
H. Hart and Judge Cotton for the de
fense to have the sanguine exhibits
ruled out, Mr. McKinley and his assist
ant, Postoffice, Inspector James O'Con
nell, succeeded in proving that they had
been perjt through the mails by Rumble.
The prosecution to-day will endeavor
to show that the representations made
in the, letters and circulars were false
and fraudulent.
Several witnesses from the East were
on the stand yesterday, the most in
teresting of whom was John Bull Jr.
of Elmira, N. Y. He swore that his
firm, Smith & Bull, sold 8000 shares of
Sunset for Rumble at $2 a share, re
ceiving $1 a share, or 58000, as their
commission.
" . Juse Franca, a Portuguese jeweJer,
' with a place of business at 67 Jackson
sireet, who. in a cross-complaint to the
.-max. for divorce brought against him
Jxy Anna Franca, preferred charges of
;i sensational nature against her, has
tailed to prove that Mrs. Franca was
•• .*nythir.g but a dutiful wife, and a di
.. vo.'ce has been awarded to her on the
prourid of extreme cruelty.
Judge Troutt signed the decree yes
.' i^ttlay. The trial of the case occupied
The attention of the court for eeveral
ciays. It was a. most sensational affair,
not only because of the nature of the
• h<*rges made by both litigants, but ;
because of their prominence in the
Vortu&uese colony.
f2va Wear, who was married to John ;
•J^ Wear at Hollister in 1S7S, is seeking j
;*..* divorce from him on the ground of I
.^¦tertlon. Che alleges that he aban- I
<ioned her without cause in 1SS9. De- I
• xrtior. is also charged in the complaint j
:<tf. -divorce filed by Sophie Olsen j
ajgtost Louie Olstn. Neglect is charged j
Is Che divorce action of Eloise F. Eaton [
.-.gainst Harry J. Eaton and also in the j
>^:t of Delta M. Myers against W. W.
.Myers. Robert McCord wants a di
vorce from Fannie McCord for deser
tion and Richard J. Shane is seeking a
divorce from Nellie Shane on the same j
ground. Cruelty is charged in the suit
i f Louise O'Brien against Edward j
«J'E>rien. 1
"3. " A. Noble wants his marriage to
Noble annulled because, he
alleges, in 1S39, the year she became his
. wife, she was insane and incapable of
•-muring into the married 6tate. She
is at. present an inmate of the Hospital
'for' the Insane at Agnews.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Henrietta Burns from Robert E. Burns
•f<;j - cruelty, Mary S. Dazzarewitch from
W. A. Lazzarewiich for neglect and
iA.ar r >ri Jeffries from Evelyn Jeffries for
neglect.
The suit for divorce brought by Cap
tain John A. Madden, United States
•arrcy. against Edith May Partello Mad-
Cen will be tried before Judge Heb
• bard. June 6. a stipulation consenting
to this date was filed yesterday by At
•tofney Charles K. Moser, attorney for
the. plaintiff. Captain Madden is ex
pected home from the Philippines next
Monday.
John Bull Jr. Tells How He
Made a Profit of $8000
in Selling Rumble's Stock
.Hebbard Sets June 6 as Date
for Hearing Matrimonial
'-.* Troubles of. Army People
MILLIONS IN THE DIRT
WILL TRY 3IADDEX SUIT
Wife of Prominent Portu
irnose Jeweler Is Given
Divorce Decree by Troutt
Uses Glowing Words When
Describing the Creaking
Riffles of His Pet Mine
Oceanic Steamship Company's Liner Alameda, in Spite
of the Opposition of the Trade Winds, Keeps Her
Faith With the Schedule on Which She Runs
BATTLES CONTRARY BREEZES,
BUT REACHES PORT ON TIME
FRANCA FAILS
TO PROVE CASE
RUMBLE TALKS
ABOUT NUGGETS
FROM SEATTLE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1904.
11
?D\T£BTIS£2£Birra.
CALIFORNIA »
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 9 -'30 a. m., througrh In 3 days,
with diner and all trapping*.
Other Santa 7a Trains!
9 -30 a' ml t0T stocktoa . Fr««»°. Eakersfleld.
8:00 p. m!j Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton. i
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. 7. Also 1118 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. 87 Sooth Pint St.,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF1S
BAILWAY COKPAVT.
Tlonron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAW BA7AS1V.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 8:40, 6:10. 8:60. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
BUNDATS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30.
. 2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 6:30. 11:30 d. m.
SAN K4PAEL TO SAW FBAMT CISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 6:«). 7:35v 7:50. »:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:C0, 3:40, 5:00 6:20,
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
SUNDAYS— 0:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40. 4:50. 5:00, 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
£*ave I In Effect j~" Arrlre
San Fran. | May l. 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Uon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 7:45a 7:45a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 0:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:SOp 2:30 p -8:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:2ttp
7:25 p
J | 8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45 a| 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p| 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 pj 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 pf
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:0Oa 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25p 0:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
"Windsor, |
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg, 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. I
2:S0p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdala. |
7:30 al 7:30 al Hcpland 110:20 a|10-20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:25 pf 7:25 p
j j Willits. j j
7:30 aj 7:30 a| Eherwood. l7:25p[7:25p
8:00 al S:0Oaj Guerneville and 110:20 a!1020 a
2:30pf 2:30 pf Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p[ 6:20 p
8:00a 8:00a 8:4Oat 8:40a
6:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma, C:OOp' t«:20 a
6:10 p Glen Ellen. | 3:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 1 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Eulphur Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and
Mark West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Gjyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and
Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs, Kelscyville, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's BukneJl'*!
Sanhedrin Heights. . Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Halfway House. . Comptche. Cans
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg
Westport, Usal; at Wllllts for Fort BragV
Westport, Sherwood. Canto, Covelo. Layton-
vlUe. Cummins, Bell's Springs, Harris, Oi-
sens. Dyer, • Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia,
and 'Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced latea.
Oa Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all point* i
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, C50 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
ROLL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Banaallto Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gaugs Electric —
Depart from Ban Francisco Dally 7:00. 8:00.
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m., 12:20. 1:46, 8:15. 4:15,
5:16, 6:15. 7:00. 8:45, 10:2O..ll:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 5:25, 6:S5. 7:40. S:35. 9:35. 11:05
a. m. 12:20, 1:45, 2:56. 3:45, 4:43. 5 At. 6:45.
8:46. '10:20 d. m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Dally. 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55,
11:20 a. ni.. 12:35, 2:00. 3:15. 4;05. 5:05, 6:05.
7:05. 8:00. 10:S5 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 turn, dally— Cazadero and way stations.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepteO—
Toinales and way stations.
S:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes ana
way staticcs.
TICKET OFFICE — 62<J Market st.
. FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
*jti8&^hM MEMANDWOMEH.
S^Sb^F^USES^^ Cm BigOforuonatnrsi
tSSSsT )¦ l to » <>n.>Ei dUchari«s,iaflsiumations,
jfzgvf oiuutn* 19 irriutioos or nlceratiom
gSf a*t u itrlctmr*. «( mo com tntmbrsaea,
I*- nl rmnti CMUrUa. Psiaisis, sod net aJtria-
RglrritETAHSCHEsimLCS. g.nt or pc4*ooou#-
J&A «MWIUTI.O.Bgia «•!« by DrnnrUta.
WJCTy. V.H.A. ssnt la plain wrapper.
¦aggros^ yfyffl by «xpre«a. preyald. lot
»i.oo. or s Dotttee I2.7S.
¦» Circular Met oa r«ant3t.
1A/. T. HESS,
Hotary Public and Attorney-at-liaw.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. CU us t^tirrckau Lldz
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, 1803 McAllister «t-
Besidence Telephone Pace 5641.
7.00 a
700a
740a
730*
/^X^Pov^vV Trains leave and sr«
t0b^5£_4^&\ duetoarrlteat
f f SUNSET \-»l
ly)ba«jnt u «f^STAJdC.j SAN FRANCISCO.
C \ (Foot of Market Street)
»AM - MAIN LINE. -amits'
7.00* V»caTiile.' Winters. Kumnrr.. '. 7 50*
7-OOa Beslcla, Sulsua, Klmlrs snd 3»er»-
mentu 7.2O
7-30* Va'.Iejo. X*vx CoUstoja, Ssats
Koas. Martinez, Saa Kamoo 620?
7.30* Nties. Ltrermore. Tracy, Lathrop.
Stock:on 7.20*
800* Ehnita ExpreM— (Via; Davti).
wuiiatni (for Bartlett Sprlogi).
Willows. tFrato. K»d BUS.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle.. 7-50>
8CQ* Darls. Woodland, Knights Landing.
XarysTllle. Oroillle 7-50f
850* Port Cotta. Martinez. Antloch.
Byron. Tracy, Stockton. Sew-
snan, Los Banoa, Mendota.
Armona, Qaaford. Vlislls. .
Porterrnie 4.28^
8-50* Port Cotta. Lathrop, Modesto,
Merced. Fresno, Goab«U Junc-
tion. Uaaford, VUalla, Bakers-
field 4S0#
8.30* KUes. San Jos«. LlTermore. Stock-
ton, (*M!ltoa). loae. Sacrameato,
Plscerrllle. MarysTlile, Chlco,
Red Bin. T 420'
••SO* Oakdale. Cblneie. Jamestown. 9o-
nora. Tuolumne and An«el» 4?0r
9.00a At.'anttc'Exprei*— Ogden and Ea«i. 11. 20*
8 30* Richmond, Martinez sad Way
Stations S BOp
10.00* Tha OTerland Limited — Ogden.
Denyer. Omaha, Chicago. 6 20 *•
1000a Vallejo 122O»
10.00a Los Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fremo, Goshen Junc-
tion, Uaaford, L«moore. Vlsalla.
Bakertfield. Los Angeles 7-20r
12.00k Hayward. Nile* and Way Buttons. 3.20r
fl-00* Bacraiaento Bl»er Steamers tii-OOr
SJOr Benlcia, Wlntbra. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MaryiTlUe. OroTilla and way
•tatfon. 10-JJ*
S30r Hay ward. Nlles and Way Sutlons^ 7 50?
S.SOr Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 122Sr
3-30r Towmlte Valley; '«», 8-20a
3.30p Mirtlnez. Tracy. StocTttbn. lo»!t... 10.20a
4.00p MarUnez,SanIUmoa.ValleJo,Napa,
CalUtoca. Santa Roia. 9-20*
400r KUes. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt 4.20?
4-30r Hayward. Ntles. Irrlngton. San I t8.50»
Joie. Llvermors I III.&Oa
BCOi* The Owl Limited— Xewmaa, Los
Bsaos, Meadoia, Fresno. Tulare,
Bakersoeld. Los Angeles 9-20a
B.COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stocktoa 12 20-
tSSOv Hayward, Nlles and San .lose 7- 20a
B.OOr Hay ward. Nile* and San Jose. 350*
fi.OOr Eastern Express — Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louts. Chicago and
East. Port I'.ul*. Benlcta. Sul-
• un. Elmira, DstIs, Sacramento,
Kocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Trnckee. Boca. Keno. Wads-
worth, Wtanemuecs — . 5 20i»
I.OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday • -, < n _
7.00y Vallejo, Sunday only f ' " ur
7.D0p bichmond. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Martlnes and Way Stations 11 -20a
8 C5r Oregon ft Callforala Express— Sac-
ramento, MsrysTllIe, Reddtae,
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8 50*
8.10' Hayward, NUes and San Jose (Sua-
dayonly) t150>.
COAST LINE (Sarr«w «»» M ).
< (Foot ur Uarket Struct.)
7.45a HantaCrni ExcD»ian<Sunday only) 8.10»
4.15a Newark, Ccarc.-Tl!l<. dan Join.
Felton, Boalaer Creek. Santa
Crnz and Way Station* 5 5Sp
t2-1B» Newark. Centerrille, San Jose.
New Almaden. Lus Gato*. Feltoa.
Boulder Creek, Ssnta Cru aad
' . Principal Way Stations ffO.S5»
4,1Er Newari, Saa Joie, LosUatos sad) *8.55 *>
way itattonR 1 tiO 55 a
; OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From &AN HiAN CISCO, I'golul Market St. (Slipo
-t7:15 »:u> ll:oo a.m. 100 3 00 BISr.M
From OAKLAKC. t out of Broadway — t«:i» J3 ;1 »)
t»:03 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4 00 r.M.
COAST LINE <»ro*«i ?.¦"»«..
CT (Third » ad l'awniend Streeta.)
6.10a BanJoieaad Way Station* 8 3<)r
t7C0* San Joa* and Way Sutlons 6.40?
7.15* Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 13. 3O
8C0a Vew Almaden (Tues., Frld.. only), 413i*
100* The Coaster— Stops only Saa J<>«e,
Gllroy (cunneclloc for HolJIs-
ter). Psjas»>. Castrorllle (con-
nection to sad from Monterey
and Pacific Grove;, Salinas, Saa
Ardo. Paso KoM-«. Santa Mar- .
f artta. San LnU obispo. principal
station* thence Sorf (cenneeUuB
for Lompoc). principal itatloas
thence Santa Barbars.San Bueaa-
Tentura, BuriMnk. Los An^cle* . 10 4Sp
8.00a 8so Jote. Tres Piacs, Capitol*.
SaataCraz,Pacl9c(>rofe.Sa)lnas,
5an Luis Oblspo and Principal
Way Station" ...; 4-19p
TO. 30a San Joie and Way Stations 1.20P
1140a Saota Clara, hnn Joie. Los Oatos _ _
. __ aad Way Stattons i... 7.30c
1-30r Saa Jcie »ad Way Station* ... J... 3 33*
I 00* Del Meats Kxpre**— Santa Clara,
San Juts, Del Moate. Monterey.
PsclOc Grove (coanects at Sanu
Clara, except Sunday, for Banta
Cruz. Boulder Creek snd Karrow
Gauss Points) at Ollrov for Hoi-
lister. Tre* Pino*, st Pajaro for
Cms. at Castrovlllo for
Satlnaa 12 15»
3 SOr Tret Plaos Way Paiaenzer 10 4U
4 30r f»a Jose and Way Stations... *S 00*
f5 00r Santa Clara, tian Jose. Los tiatos,
and prlactnal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) tSOOa
IS.30P BaaJossaadPrinetpatWaySutions 59 43*
6 45'" Boaiet Limited.— Redwood. San
Joae,611roy,Sallnaa.P/isoi:ob!es.
Saa Luis Ublipo, Santa Baiiiara.
Los Angeles. Uemtn,;. Kl P*io.
Kew Orlean*. New Tork. Coo-
necw at Pajaro for Santa Cruz
sad at Ca»troTt!l* for Paclflo
GroTe aad Way Stations 7.10a
tv -15* 6an Mateo. Beretford.Belmoat. Saa
Carlos, Kedwood. Fair Oaks,
M«nloPs»k. Palo Alto tfi.4«.t
6 SOr Saa Jo*« and Way Stations. 6 3fi*
800r pai* Alto and Way &tatloas 1015*
11. £0* bocth Sao Francisco. Mmt>r»«. Bor
Uagame. San Mateo. BelRiont,
Ban Carloa. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 9 45e
a11.30r May field. Mountain View, Sunay-
rale, Lawrence. Ssnu Clara sad
San Jose t9-4»r
A for Mora: a«. '• P f or Afteroooe.
ISunday excepted. J Sunday only,
a Saturday only.
I Stop* at all station* on Sunday.
Or* Only trains stopping »t Valencia 8t- aouthV>aad
are«:10 a^.. 7:00a. m- 7:15 a-M.. ll:30> »^ *:30rJU
*:S0 P. X. and 8: 00.^*. -
Wt. Tamalpais Railway
Lsbiv* Tis Snssiits Iszrj I .irrive
lsaiyraadMs> »»st rf aUrtst a Saa Praacisca.
Wack Son. ,*WB, Sssa- IWesiT
*lliO"ij"»:OOA figgl*S»&&g3| *»»O5wr5l4^i
•1:46r 9-.ooa BnagM li35r 3:5or
tllftP 1O:O0a %?3s8^*saSy a:ftOp r>:5O*>
11;OOa \BS&^F «:SOf liMv
_ 1i48p »;«•» ,
X ss»«ms^wHs>wtss»
~«CUf j 6H hlAAXXT ST,(Norti Soore ltailxoai^
mtUM {io4&4WAUraFKUiT. 9<x*bLu*M*+>
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
RAILWAY" TRAVEL.
"UNION" GAS ENGINES
¦ For all purposes, in all sizes, from f|~ ri -* q,
2 to 300 H. P. They run on gas, gas- jaJtJL^BL^HLfl
oline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. fc>J§|3^SS8HM§JH
Special fittings for kerosene and crude
oil. jaj SiSyB* F^TOtX^"
have been built in San »i^*fflIifiUjtL
Francisco for nearly JPJ^_
twenty years. Send for IvSbM^^^^^^^^X
catalogue stating re- *L t JtSS^KmSffm^^^
San Francisco, > Cal. -^^^^j^^^
7 g.'p. "uhioh 1 " marpte cygnra.
If y^^^^^^fe- A MILLION GOOD FELLOW3 havo |
0 Jtetir^ learned that "a CASCARET at nisrht \
H Szf makes you feol all right— in the morn- |
H mff \Vw3a And they have told other crood g
H JwsRSr'Tp*^ \v«& fellows, until the sale of CASCAR- |
H TrZriL mm ETS Candy Cathartic is over A MIL- |
1 fSs?S^«fcVsi-- I*rk LION BOXES A MONTH. Naturo f,
m fflPjHB-V *ytV) punishes every excess, and over-eat- m
II mL gWp^BjK^ST 2b yf l n e?i over-drinkinsr. under-sleepinc: H
B WSS&SsSSyfiiir j resu l t i* 1 stomach, liver, kidney and |j
m YLTTKm'' :^$Wlif tear * >o " w " e l troubles that aro liable to bo- H
P » MSfS^-^aw' sT fir COI Q© very serious. It is very un^viso S
fa R©K^^r /i 9 to wait until the digestion is stop- H
U '/ I ped » tbe bowels constipated, the ft!
0 / I tongue coated, the breath offensive, |j
a "They iffi%Z_ m^^^~~\ and the nerves tortured with a rack- I!
U maka X. ng siok headache. To prevent all M
I Tfei so Ml tMs> tako a CASCARET just before £}
fi good." /Sf-* \ going- to bed. and wake up in the ||
M : ''v .S W morning feeling fine and dandy, H
1 / readv for > work or play. Best a
for the Bowels. All druggists, ||
H JS&jSBm //(f Of c " ever s °l d i n bulk. The genuine ||
m B^BbSAiw tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or f|
mlr^W$££T your money back. Sample and booklet freo. O
M WsB&ir Address STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, H
Kt Chicago or New York. |i
l^bbi S £? NDY CATHARTI C
I Ai^^UAL SALE— TEfy mSLLBOFJ SOXES §
Greatest In the World ex ITHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1904.
12
CARPET IIKATIXG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED air and vacuum system now
universally used in cleaning carpets on
floor; without removal; price moderate. S.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Mar-
ket st. Tel. Main 152. Bush 479.
WHEN you become distrusted with your work
tend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.. clean-
lr.g & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlaon St. : Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.,
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating: mat-
tressee made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at. : tel.Mlsglon 263.
CAPE NOME.
TICKET office for all points In Alaska. C. F.
MOORE. 927 Market St.. room 309. F!r«t
steamer May 21; $75 first class.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No chance for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
Pans Dental Parlors. 235 ' Ivearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up;filllngs,25c.
ARTHUR 'CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.l4.1st
floor. I'hrlan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.He-nrltt.2Q4 Suttr.
IIHKS.'AiAKKKS ASH SKA.MS'1'KKJ»>K!»
ACCORDION, sunburst and knife-plaiting.
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory, 110
Taylor st.; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1019 Mkt
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 9C1-
$.'55 Golden Gate ave.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
thorthand. Ellie bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
BOOKKEEPING. English, math., etc., day or
eve.; individual lnstr. Room 2, 305 Larkin
at., Prof. T. A. Robinson, formerly of Pac.
Bus. Col.
HEALD'S School of Mines&Electrldty, 24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mm., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith.,
Fpelllng, writing, etc.; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.
DANCING — Professor Flndlay has reopened his
juvenile classes at Findlay's Hall, 17th St.;
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO. 630 California, r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. S28 Haight st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day "and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lespons. 26c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A BRANCH, office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ODened at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE A^Kir^r^Po^^sTT^teT^u^h^is*^
Japanese- Chinese employment" office; fur-
nishes b«'st help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell st. Teh Main 5752.
GRAND— Japanese and Chinese employment
pfflce. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 16S.
CHINESE Employment Office—^Best help at
Loon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A MIDDLE-aged woman of refinement desires
position as housekeeper to one or two adults;
good home main object; town or country;
good cook and manager. Address or call be-
tween 10 and 4. Mrs. M. Beck. 709 Post st.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman as a good
cook and for housework In small family;
city or country; car fare. 794 Folsom st.
YOUNG lady, experienced, stenographer, with
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a posi-
tion as office assistant. Box 3407, Call.
A SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to do second
-work or general housework in a small fam-
ily. Call at 1355 Stevenson st.
WOMAN, good worker, wants Work by the
day; house cleaning and washing; $1 35 a
day. Call or postal 82S Folsom st.
STRONG American woman wants any kind of
work by tho day; $1 and car fare. Address
box 344S. Call office. -
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a situa-
tion at housework . and cooking; wages $25.
Please call 1074 Howard st. x :
A PLEASANT young lady with best refer-
J ences desires care of Invalid or sick person.
Box 3453, Call office.
YOUNG girl wants situation to take care of
children. Address box 1164, Call office, Oak-
land. \-/C.
A LADY barber wishes position from 12 to 8.
Apply at 537 Ellis at. '
A SWISS girl wants a place to do general
housework. Apply at 127 Third st.
A WORKING housekeeper wishes position in
hotel; references. : Box 3132. Call.
STRONG, willing American woman wants
laundry work; flannels a specialty; $1 10 for
washing and carfare. 048A Jessie St., bet.
Seventh and Eighth, downstairs.
AMERICAN woman with' a little boy wants
housekeeper's position; city or country; home
more than salary. Address till 20th, MRS.
SCOTT. 834 Page st. •
A TRAINED nurse would like a position with
. family going to springs or resort; will take
, rare of invalid, or as companion; references.
Box 3444. Call office.
FIUST-CLASS young German ¦ nurse, full
charge infants; best references; wages $30,
$35; American family preferred. 606 Leav-
enworth 6t. '
GERMAN girl wishes to do housework in
small family; no washing. Address MISS
MARIE SCHWARTING, Twenty-first ave..
near K et., south.
GIRL wants place in small family for light
housework; references; no postals to see the
party. 2330 Larkln st.
MOTHER and son wish positions as cook and
waiter or handy man. In city or country.
Box 3392, Call.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
$1 per day and car fare. 946 Harrison ct..
room 9. •
TOUNG lady will take care of children even-
ings in exchange for room and board. Box
3390. Call office. | -
STENOGRAPHER, capable of transcribing
shorthand notes accurately, desires position;
salary moderate. Box 3445. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day ; good laun-
dress; $1 25 a day; no postals answered. 549
Minna st., between Sixth and Seventh.
A: COMPETENT laundress and house cleaner
wants work at $1 per day; references. Box
3447. Call office. •
WORKING housekeeper wishes position, city or
-country; references.- Box* 3448. Call office.
A GOOD Japanese girl wants position as school
girl in a small family. MISS TAKA; 1323
;.,-Plne st. . - ¦¦ -•¦-.'-'¦ - ' ' • 'I. ¦¦¦'¦:.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church its.
, EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
A~MAN~~would lifte to work on private place
to take care of horses, cows, lawn and poul-
try good driver; wages $30 to $.J5 and found.
Box 1162. Call office. Oakland. .
A GOOD barber, union man. married, would
like position- in country. Inquire at Will
& Flnck's. ¦ -
SOBER, steady man wants position as watch-
man; ' can give • best • references. Box C4S0,
Call office.
TOUNG man of 23 would like to learn the
carpenters' trade. Box 3402. Call office.
WASTED — Good position as janitor, porter
or waiter. LINSON (colored), 1013 Clay. I
A FIR'ST-class barber wants short hour work;
steady. Address BARBER, box 34CO. Call.
YOUNG man of education desires work even-
ings: highest references. Box 3151. "Call.
SITUATION wanted in shipping- (export and
import) Hrm by American gentleman, under
40 years, of correct habits, excellent r«er-
ences. financially responsible, bond if re-
quired; 5 years' experience as manager for
English firm In Japan and with business con-
nections throughout the Orient. Address box
3327. Call office. '¦
MIDDLE-AGED Englishman, well educated,
epeaka and writes German and 1 French flu-
ently, business experience, seeks employ-
ment; clerical amenuensls; wait on Inval.d
about place\ anything; small wages. Box
3367. Call office.
WANTED— A position by a landscape gar-
dener and florist; used to be head gardener
of the flower paradise of Paul de Longpre,
king of the flowers; best of references. Box
3366. Call office. ¦_
SCANDINAVIAN man (Danish) wants situa-
tion, gardener or man about place; fair
. wages; Oakland San Francisco references.
Address -ANDREW JOHNSON. 331 Kearny
at.. 100m 30. -
WATCHMAKER, first-class, with full set of
tools, expert In complicated jobs, chrono-
graph and repeater, wants position. Address
V. P.. box 3273. Call offfce 1 __
GARDENER (32). 18 years' experience In land-
scape and greenhouse gardening in Germany
and California, wishes engagement In private
place or nursery. K. L., box 32S5, Call.
RELIABLE, experienced house and window
cleaner wants Inside or outside work for
Monday and Wednesday weekly. JACOB
MEYER. 110 Hyde at.
MAN and wife (English), man experienced
coachman, etc., wife good cook; city or coun-
try; city references; $65 month. Box 335S.
Call office.
POSITION by a trustworthy man to take care
of gentleman's residence during absence of
party; good references. Box 334?, Call.
HANDY all-round man. German, wishes a
position as janitor; strictly sober and re-
liable; experienced. Box 3391, Call.
YOUNG man with experience In growing veg-
etables, carpenter work, etc., wants situation
on private Dlace. Box 3441. Call.
HOTEL watchman; good carpenter; no objec-
tion to working a little at the trade oc-
casionally; best references. 'Box 3397. Call.
BOOKKEEPER just graduated desires position
as bookkeeper; small wages to start. Ad-
dress G. S. G.. 217 Parrott bldg.
YOUNG man, experienced accountant, destres
position; references. Box 3349, Call.
BRICKLAYER, young man. German, non-
, union, wants work. • Box 334S, Call.
BAKER'S helper wants position. Box 3396,
Call office.
A RELIABLE Japanese boy wants position as
office boy In any kind of store; speaks Eng-
lish well. Address SAWAI. 807 Polk at.;
Dhone 3802.
YOUNG Japanese wants position as school
boy in family. Address TAKI, 514 Pine st.
JAPANESE first-class cook, wants a good po-
sition tn family. EMATO. 110 Golden Gate.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant noutrk and flats aro list-
ed In our free renting department; over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
.let us give you a list and belp you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
- lOffl MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
at., on tbe square.
NEW; sun In every room; modern 5 rooms;
yard. 1006 Capp St., near Twenty-fifth;
rent reasonable.
NEW flats. 5-6 r.. basement, yard; -rent reas-
onable. 1454, 1458 Eighth ave.. Sunset;
south Golden Gate Park.
SUNNY flat of 3 rooms, yard and cellar In
rear of 911 Filbert st. ; $9. Inquire baker
whop. 911 Filbert st.
LAKE, 740-742 — New ' flats, 6 rooms each;
rent $25-$30.
MASONIC ave., 1317, near Park — Elegant.
sunny, up-to-date upper flat.
A NEW modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; rea-
sonable to responsible party. S2S Harrison st.
ELLIS. 828 — Parlor floor kitchen, etc.; separ-
ate entrance ;all conveniences for dressm'k'rs.
FLATS on Perrv et.. near Third, 114. 118
and llSVi; also 37 Lantrton at.
MODERN upper flat, attic. 9 rooms; sun -every
room; $35. 278 Ninth ave., Richmond Dlst.
NICE modern corner flat: 7 rooms and bath.
728 Devisadero st., corner Fulton. ;
POLK. 2500A — New, sunny flat of S rooms and
bath; rent $15.
$16 — SUNNY flat. 3 rooms, bath, baaement.
130 Eureka at., near Eighteenth.
$35— UPPER flat of 9 . rooms ; modern. 130314
Waller St., near Masonic 'ave.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for -lalllng. $1 per year
FLATS TU LET FURNISHED.
GROVE, 145S — Upper sunny newly furnished
flat of 6 rooms, piano, etc.; near Park;
adults only.; $45; from 10 to 3..
FIVE handsome sunny rooms; $30; splendid
view. 4230 Twentieth st., near Castro.
BELVEDERE, I4T off Haight— Flat of 5
rooms; newly furnished: bath; garden; cheap.
WELL-FURNISHED flat; Pacific ave.; mag-
. • nlflcent marine view; references. 3311 Call.
FLAT of 7 rooms; coal and gas stoves; piano.
"13 Grove st.; call 11 to 3.
FLATS FOR SALE FUK.MSHEO.
$250 — FURNISHED house of 8 rooms, bath,
gas: rooms all rented; rent paid to June 1;
rent $35. 315 Jessie st.
A BARGAIN If taken at once; nice carpets
and furnishings of new sunny 6-room flat for
sale. 64 Walter, bet. 14th and Duboce Park.
FURNITURE and piano. 6 rooms; cheap; sun-
ny flat nr. Park; rent $35. Box 3405. Call.
AT a sacrifice — A newly furnished flat cf 8
rooms and bath. Apply 753 Eddy st.
ELEGANT furnished flat for sale; open for in-
spection from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. 1427 Osik.
VAN- NESS ave.. 807 — For sale cheap, fur-
nlture of a 7-room flat. - ~
FURNITURE FUR SALE.
• FURNITURE for sale; $75 worth for $7 60
1 down and $1 50 per week. BRILLIANT'S,
340 Post St.. near Powell.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale, cheap; go-
! ing East. Call at 3035 Twenty-third st.
FUU.MTURE WASTED.
. ABE LEVY. ~
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessto 761
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, ofac* fur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate. '
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest pric* for fur-
niture, carpetc. etc. 782 Mission .tel. Sush 467.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices rural
ture. carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3631. B34 EUia.
HELP WANTED — KBM.UR
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresam«
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now- 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary at., room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
icn; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmer*,
talealadles. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up-
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. li
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdreasins
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1228 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE— Con.
WANTED — First-class cook, plain wash. $33;
cook for family resort. $50; also waitress,
same place. $l'ft: 3 laundresses, country ho-
tel. $25; Scandinavian chambermaid, some
washing. $23; Herman or French waitress,
family. $25; :; tlrst-clara nur3egirld. $25 and
$::»>; chambermaid, institution. $25: S wait-
reases for hotels, springs and resorts, $20 and
$23; 4 second girls. $25; t> cooks. hoteU. deli-
eauasens, etc.. f.'IO to $40; kitchen, helpers.
$5 end $tt a week. We want a large num-
ber of persons to cock, housework, etc., in
city and country, at $25 and &»O per month.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Mutter St.
A COOK and second girl for family of 2. $30
and $20: a cook for small summer resort.
$."15; a plain laundress tor private family.
San Rarael. $23; «a waitress for boarding-
house. Alameda. $30. MIriS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter at., near Powell.
WANTED — Competent women aa alteration
hands qj^ women's coats, suits and skirts;
apply before l» a. m. to superintendent. H.
- D. DAVIS & CO.. Grant ave. and Geary st.
$1 EVERT hour you work, placing Allen's
Kushion Kcmfort Shoes; outsell everything
NO RISK. Call or write, Kushion Komfort
Agency. 12S5 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
WASTED — Experienced cloak and suit sales-
woman. Apply at HALE BROS.' bet. 9 and
11 a. m. *¦ -:.-^
EXPERIENCED wrappers wanted: none but
experienced need apply. MARKS BEOS.,
1220 Market st.
TWO lady compositors wanted at 818 Commer-
cial st. ; must canvass for St. Louis Fair
Club In mornings; steady.
EXPERIENCED wrapper wanted. Apply at
S. N. WOOD & CO.'S, 740 Market st.
SEAMSTRESS for dressmaking: well paid;
also apprentice, paid. 1S5 Geary St.. room 129.
WANTED — 2 lunch waitresses. 548 Ninth st.
TOUNG girl. 15-16 years. German preferred, to
help in bakery store. 2439 California st.
WANTED — Body Ironer. The French Laun-
dry Co.. So72 Mission st.
TOUNG ladles to train for nurses In sur-
gical and medical hospital. Box 3404, Call.
WANTED — 4 good finishers, coats; high wages;
come ready to work. 223 Stevenson st., r. 5.
GIRL for general housework; $20; sleep hom«.
2125 Union st.
WANTED — A girl for second work. Apply at
2623 California st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking.
3639 Seventeenth st., near Dolores.
TOUNG girl to do light housework and cook-
ing: small family; good wages. 2065 Bush.
WANTED — Touns girl for cooking and light
housework; small family. Apply 1116 Fell.
WANTED — Waist and skirt improvers. 1414
Bush at. ¦
WANTED — Girl to assist with housework.
Apply 892 Fulton St., near Fillmore.
TOUNG girl to assi9t in downstairs work and
cooking. 1207 Gough St.; call In the morning.
A GIRL for chamberwork and waiting; sleep
at home. 7C9 Bush st.
WANTED — Experienced help at dressmaking.
Room 66, 1236 Market st.
TOUNG woman (Protestant) to assist In house-
work; good home; 4 In family; wages $13.
Apply 231 Scott St., forenoons.
WANTED— Button hole makers; come ready
to work; $15 week. 229 Stevenson, room 5.
WANTED — Good finisher on pants; steady
work. 104 Kearny st.. top floor.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Churcn sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ho* been
opened at IOCS Market »t.. oppoait* Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MAI.::.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S Ernp. Office.
429 Bush at 642 Clay sC
Wanted tor first-class hotel. Lake Tahoe—
Washer, laundry. $50; also Harry Rlxon.
washer, please call; broiler, $50; fryer. $30;
vegetableman, $30; 2 dishwashers. $^0. _
Head pastry cook, first-class country hotel,
free fare. $75.
10 waiters; 10 dishwashers and kitchen
hands; 10 porters; 1O bellboys, different coun-
try hotels and springs.
C R. HAXSEN & CO. ..Employment Offlc«.
420 Bush st 642 Clay st.
AX errand boy; this office. C. R. HAXSEX
& CO.. 429 Bush at.
A— PACIFIC BMPLOTMEXT AGENCT,
63S Commercial st— 638.
Phone Main 1191— Near Kearny st.
Free fare — If you stay 4 months — to Nevada;
ditch work; to-night; fee $1.
30 teamsters, laborers and rockmen.
1Q laborers, north, ship to-night, $67 50.
2 milkers. $35 and found: 10 farmers. $oO and
found; 2 haymakers. $37 5O and found; third
cook, city $35 and _found; coachman, city
position, $75. prlyat»; typewriter and stenog-
rapher, city Job.
R. R. WORK— NEAR C1TT— FREB FARE.
20 teamsters and laborers, $2, fee $1.
Pastry cook, city hotel, $60 to $70 and found;
2 waiters, city hotel, $30 and found: handy
man. private place; 4 boy?, sash and door
works, $1 5O day and up.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCT,
95 Third st. Telephone Main 8521.
Nevada; teamsters, $2 25; cheap fare; 8 hrs*
Nevada; laborers $2; cheap fare; 9 hour*.
Bench hands and cabinetmakers. $3 50.
Stablemen, city, $2 50; coopers. $2 50. near
Shingle bolt cutters. Sonoma Co., $1 SO cord.
Woodchoppers. $1 25. $1 50 cord; flr. pise.
Blacksmith. Mendoclno Co.. $3.
Railroad teamster, Cal.. $2 23; Ions Job.
Ranch blacksmith. $40 and found.
Youngr man . for factory. $1 25 day; rood
chance to learn trade.
Ranch hand. Santa Clara Co.. $30 and foand.
HORD & SMITH.
A— CONTRACTORS' EMPLOTMENT AOCT..
635 Washington St.; phone James 3301.
Ship to Nevada, Government ditch work. 8
hours, cheap fare, laborers, rockmen and
teamsters. $2 to $2 50 day.
Door molder for factory, steady Job, $3 50
to $3, cheap fare.
Baker's helper, city. $10 week and board.
Swiss milker, near city. $35 and found.
12 teamsters, new electric R. R., $2 da?»
free fare.
Wheelwright tor ranch. $40 and found. ¦
Cook for hotel, near city. $40 and found.
4 boys, sash and door factory. $1 25 to $1 M
day. cheap fare. L. H. CUTTING & CO.
WINDOW dresser and card writer. $25 week:
laundry man. $35 and found: 3 farmers and
wives. $47 5O. $50 and $55 and found: farm-
ers. $30 and $40 and found, fare refunded:
2 Portuguese milkers. $40 and found: door
• molder. 12 BO to $3 day; 2 wagon makers.
$2 50 and $3 day; circular sawyer. $75 to
$90 and board; carriage setter. $3 day:
chore boy, $20 and found: handy man with
tools for club grounds. $50; 2 bread and
cake bakers, $15 week and found and $50
and found; cook and wife. $75: cooks, dish-
washers, waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. V2H Sacramento St.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
802 Clav st. Phone James 2478.
Ditch work California New work.
R scraper teamsters, $1 25 day and board.
Door molder, $3 a day.
Hay hands. Sacramento Valley, $1 50 day
and board.
Cook, country hotel, $40 month an<i found.
R. R. work, logging road. $2 25 per day.
Plenty of other Job^. Can at
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
602 Clay st., near Montgomery.
A CHAUFEUR for private family sarvfee:
must have experience and references: gcoil
wages to the right party. MIS3 PLUNKETT
425 . Sutter sty near Powell.
, WANTED— A boy about 18 for office work-
reply in own handwriting, stating age. expe-
rience, salary expected; give references and
particularly last position. Box G401. Call.
$1 EVERY hour you work, placing Aliens
Kushion Komfort Shoes; outsell everything-
NO RISK. Call or write. Kushion Komfori
Agency. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Non-union bollertnakers. boiler-
makers' helpers, blacksmiths, blacksmiths"
helpers and machinists. Call at room '3
239 Powell st.. 2 to 4 p. m.
TO tailors, cutters; first-class man of ap-
pearanre; steady position to right Dartv
S. N. WOOD CO.. 740 Market st. "•"*-
BARBERS — V, interest In a strictly flrst-cla*«
shop, running 3 chaira steady and one extra'
for sale cheap. 416 Hayes s>t. . '
WANTED— Punch press hand In paper can
factory. 27 Jessie st. ; see Mr. Bartlett.
LARMN3 & CO.. 631 Howard St.
TOUNG inan wanted, understands clotfc. «la
Geary «t.. Royal Tailoring Co- •
I LOUCl.AU HOUSES FOR SALE—Coa.
MARION GRIFFIN. . .
406 Hearst building, -over . "Examiner" en-
Corner 3d and Market st»., San Francisco, Cal.
Modern business ; methods In -tine front offices.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract with every sale.
trance. •• ._ . ,, ..
We make any salt on our Installment plan.
HotelF, -rooming and apartment houses for sale.
ANOTHER' high-class proposition; 82 rooms,
ve?y expensively .furnished by a connoisseur:
rent only $451; long lease; electric elevator;
private bath with each suiter everything Al;
exclusively for sale by MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT-HOUSE full of tenants who
do all their- own "work; landlady only sweeps
the halls; 24 rooms, all' light and sunny; near
Market and Van flle»s;'you pay $1000 down and
bcrrow balance of ¦¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
50 rooms; new building; new furniture; sani-
tary enameled beds; rent $200; 5-year leasj;
eltctric lights; price f350O; profit depends on
ability of manager; exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.
BEAUTIFUL furnishings are appreciated by
ladles of refinement in all civilized countries,
but In none are the connoisseurs more critical
than those in this city, and none could find a
defect In the! exquisite draperies, golden oak,
blrdseye maple and rich velvet carpets In this
sunny corner house of 87 spacious rooms, fur-
nished In Feb.. 1904; $2000 Is required as let
payment; exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
EXCHANGES. ~~
Exchanges of All Kinds Made Daily.
40-room house, worth' $3500;' clears $176; to
exchange for a smaller house.
Also 20-room house, worth $1500. clearing
$72 monthly, to exchange for smaller house.
Also a sw»ll 17-room house, clearing 1 $60
monthly, to exchange for about 30 rooms.
. MARION GRIFFIN.
53 LARGE, well-furnished rooms In a corner
house; thoroughly clean; painted new Inside and
outside; 27 big windows; rent only $226, with
a transferable lease that runs 5 years from 12lh
of next August; guaranteed to be clearing $200
per month; price $4000. MARION GRIFFIN.
FLAT of 8 rooms, newly furnished; rent $25;
5 rooms rented for $36; price $250..
MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS: sunny corner; rent $125 $4500 1
10!) rooms; clears $350; low rent..... $H500
SO rooms ; furniture nearly new $3800
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
46 rooms; In Oakland; new; rent $60 $2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL A
CARROLL. 212 /Kearny st.
80 ROOMS; elegant new apartment house. 3
and 4-room suites; 60 rooms, furnished; rea-
sonable rent: charming location; sunny. Box
3548, Call office. ' ¦
MUST sell, going away 3 weeks— 14-room
rooming house at 315 Twelfth st.; look at
this If you want to buy; no agents, deal
with owner.'. ¦ '
. SPIRITUALISM.
RETURNED.
MRS. J. J. WHITNET.
Clairvoyant, trance business medium and life
reader; also communications from you* de-
parted friends. Hotel Netherland, 18 Turk
Et., near Market, room 17. elevator.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
' & business me.i'm. read daily $1; dev'p'g class
Thurs. 8 p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;tel. Jessie 3436.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night,
8; $1 Children's Lyceum. 1084 Bush.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing; se-
ance Wednesday, Friday eves., 50c. 328 Ellis.
EDW*ARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis St.. readings
daily; phone Sutter -3994.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant' and
slate- writer. 1112 Eddy at. Phone Scott 887.
I CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE FUTURE' REVEALED. THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatise that is
so electrifying the world to-day. He Is no
Imitator. His work Is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works in the open
light. .. .. ?. • '-
He is as conspicuous for h!« wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on him for a first-
class .clairvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, ~ but tells you
what you wish to. know.
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Permanently located 428 Eddy St.: 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady, attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. va.
ASSURED succees for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 . . $1- $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge ¦
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first i registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San ' Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
s -' . (Tou to be full judge.)
* I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and .what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he im^
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and . capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power lmplantel.in your
nature, so you can control any one secretly:
cures disease and lest vitality; gives advice on
mining and burled treasures; gives you success
In life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his - services. . ¦
10 a. m. tV> 8 p. . m.— Closed Sunday.
. 326 O'Farrell St.— 326.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
ru. to 5 p. m. ; readings My mall a« satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency -.send poatofnee,
Welle-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME.PORTER. celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond, sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
50c, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
elt., $1 50. Re. 1-2. 1206 Market, cor. Taylor.
A— Miss M. Wille, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys.
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques*
tton. names given ; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted, clalr. and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c. g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on all affairs of life; satlsfac-
tlon guaranteed; 25c up. 17.3d, next Exam.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me.good readings
28c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A — MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
• vice; names given; 25c up. 836 Howard st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c;
gents 50c; hours. 1 to 9. 120 Sixth st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26% Kearny, .room 20; ladies. 25c; gents 5Oc.
Mme. Odell. returned; clairvoyant,' card reader;
¦ tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, ; 532 Ellis st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, " gives names, date
and facts; readings dally. 917 Market at.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23# 6th: 1. 25c. g. 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known rortune-
teller. la.now. at 317 Ellis at.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, alt-
tlngw dally." 44S% Jessje st. bet. Pth and fith
coLtECTioic ornoxss. ~
BAD tenants ejected' for' $4; collections made;
¦ city or country. . Pacific Collection Co.; 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. Main 5580.
CREDIT CI.OTBXEM.
C F? AD AMS ¦ COT ~~
SPECIAL CREDIT. STORE.
We clothe the whole family from Hats to
shoea; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 313 Maaon st. --
CI.OTHIWO SENOYATOTO.
SUITS cleaned ana I pressed, $1;; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st,: room 14;
phone Drumm 44. 'Call l for and 'deliver free.
. CUBES KUPTTJMJ. »
WHO? — Hunter, 1206 Market at.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send tot one.
JOHXT D. SPKECKELS, Proprietor^^
turn Ccsxuiaimi lolOEl BclAPGflEKaggr
V,'. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TEX. DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify Tbe Call Office If You Miss
Yoiir I*ai>er.
If for oet cans* THE CALL 1» not de-
Uveted recularly to subscribers please
call ap "CALL EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in charjre. ITonr com-
plaint -Kill receive prompt attention.
A standing: reward of Ten Dollars
fSlo.ooi is effcred for the arrest and
conviction of any one cau*ht stealia*
XSE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You W isn.
Publication OJfice Market and Tnlrd. S. F.
Editorial Booms 217 to 'J21 Stevenson et.
Delivered by Curriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Term* by Mail Including Postage tCash \\un
Order) :
DAILY CALL C.nrlud. Sunday), 1 year JS.00
DAILY' CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 men 4AW
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •£<¦ ' |
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year S-»M
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 100 i
f Daily. .,$8.8" Per Tear Kxira
FOREIGN J s un day. 4.15 Per Year Kxtra j
PUSTAOE. L Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Exttn
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TU RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
eaTr.jJe Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail mr^cnlxrf- i'.i nrdering change of ad-
dr^ss thould I*- particular to frive both SKW
AND OLD ACDBESS in order to insure a
rronij.t and correct compliance w:'.h their re- I
•yuest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1116 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214* Center direct Telephone North 7.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
•
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Aftcria Hotrl: A. Brentano. SI
"Vi.icn Scruar^; Murray Hill Hotel; Fluh-ave-
r.u*r Hotel and Hoffman House.
. CI1ICA<5O NEWS STANDS'.
Pl.ernian House; P. O.* News Co.: Great
Northern Hnte!: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotd; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KP.OGXESS. .Marquette Building
4ixmg Distance Telephone. ""Central 2C1».")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH,... 3i> Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BtTEXarESS OFFICE of the Pan Franeuco
Call, ccrner Market and Third streets ; opwi
ur.til 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IQOtf Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 r- ni.
F27 Montgomery street, comer Clav; open
umil '.t:'M d. m.
Hw Hayes Ftreet; open until fl:30 p. m.
*'.'l'-* McAllister ttrtet; open ur.til 'J.'M p. m.
015 Lai kin street; open until 8:H0 p. m.
3M41 Mmtion street; cpen until 10 p. m.
"2H1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until U c m.
506 Eleventh ptr^et; open until 9 p. m.
1<Xh> Valencia street: or>en until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
oii^n until S p. m.
Sfci til west corner of Twenty-weond and Ken-
tucky street*; op^n until 9 p. m.
22'-") Fillrnore street; open until 8 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIRFRS LEAVING TOWX
ror. the summetl
O.ZiIi subscribers contesrplatinff a
¦ cbaasre of residence dnrine the summer
sicnths can hare their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify-
'.=7 TEE CALL Business OSce. This
rarer trill also be on eale at all summer
resorts ar.d is represented by a local
ax est in all towns on tbe coast.
CBIRCH SERVICES.
KEV. DP.. CARRADINE, holiness evangelist,
will hold a series of meetings at Peniel Mis-
ficn H?.H. 49 Third st. (entrance on Stevenson
ft.). May 6-15. Services 2:30 and 7:30 p. m.
MKETUiU .NOTICES.
' A STATED session of Islam (&r£¥^'
lomijle. A. A. O. N. M. S.. »15
will be htld at Golden Gate Vf^>v < *
Hall. May 11 (WEUXES- AiSkN
DAVl at e o'clock p. m. I,/
J. W. ANDERSON, Rec. U( IV
CALIIOKNIA Lodse of Perfection No. ~O
1«, A. and A. S. R., 023 Sutter EU —
Called mating THIS 'WEDNESDAY) /V\
i:\ENINCi at S o'clock. Fourteenth
Degree. All hretfcren of the Rite cordially
.invited. CHAS. JELLINEK. Secretary.
MOLWT MORI AH Lodge No. 44 F. and m
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (WKO-»iv
NCEOATI EVENING at 7::i0 o'clock. /\^
* ~ THEO. FROLJCH. Secretary.
CKOC K E Ti Lodge No. l.Tj. F. and A. Z
ML— First Decree THIS (WED.N'ES- W '
DAY) KV i:\lNO at 7:00 o'clock By
craer o: ihe W. M
li H. MrPHERSON. Secretary.
EXCELS1OH Lcdre No. 166. F. and A. 9
M. - -Firt-i iH-siee THIS (V.XDXES-VV
DAT! IZ\'KS1S(J at 7:^0 o'clock.
II. J. OWEN. Secretary-
MISSION Lodge No. IK). F. and A. M »
Called ir.enir.fr THIS (WEDNESDAY^YY
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- Ar\
j--if<. 11. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
EXECUTIVE committee reception LLmtluj
h. G.' L.. 1. O. O. F-. will me. t <JS9feS^5.
1 •• ¦ : '>dd Follows' bulldlnz 8^
WEDNESDAY EVENING. May "^S^Tr^
-- 1 ' U _^ °' i:lock P- m - %VM - H - HARNES.Sec.
HOUBK I-xtec- No. 257. I.~O~O I^aSv
t'.—l: ¦ ¦¦ ¦ THIS 1 WK VSV<---}-UfiSiii]rkr
1>AY> EVENING. May 11. Other=*|33§i?S5
vrry important business. A full
attendance requested, visitors welcome.
E. V. SCOTT. N. G.
<;. I'I.JNxj. Recording Secretary.
IVAKHOE LODGE No. f., K. of P.,
wili confer tli. Knight rtnk (long ??**>-•
fcrm) WKDXKhDAY, May 11. I'KU S3*S
a< PythUn Cacti*. »u»u. Market ft., /S*5>
-it h::if> <r. m. Member* of oister *«&-**V
i'«"c.:- cordially invited. K.W. BANKS CC.
KO.-.XO&CBOSS. K. of It. and S.
ANNVAL — The regular annual
racetlnz C f Mk- *tockho!d«>re of the Olympic
. y»n \\2Ur Company will be hrld at the
nfftcc of iho company. :;27 Market street. San
francis-o, Cal.; oa Monday the 23d day of
Ma;\ 1:K»4. ct th?- hour of 3 o'clock n m
i< r iht j.u.posp o; elwting a txiard of dl-
ioci!»rs lo nerve for the enaatas year, and
th* iran^actkm of j.uch oth«r business as mav
. ome before thf m«>tinc. Transfer books will I
c V*-c on Kriday. May l.ivh. lftOJ, at 3 o'clock
t- m. vHARLES A. OISSON, Secretary^
TliK California Debris Commission having re-
<<-.vcc arbitration to mine by hydraulic pro-
«^--H from I'aci&da Mining Company in Va.
.;»<1a ro!ri». ricer Indian Dlpplne*. El Dorado
r*ount>". Cal.. draining into Odar C-wk
v.-hffh rf-a.- hf* Column*-* River piv^s not'eu
i!i*t rnectir.;.- will bo held at room 9(? Flo'od
l-uilfltng. Kan Francisco. Cal. -Mav 23 iini
rt 1 20 p. tn. ' ' 1JUI ;
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th» Weekly
Csil. 16 pagrs. pent to any addro's In th-
Vrtiti»<1 Ftn^rf or Canada on* year for if
poFtar* rmld.
AGKNTS WASTED.
WANTED — Mm and women to' rerrewu I
Chicago house; rstablishrd routCs of trai(1
He; experience unrecosrary: salary $f!5 pe f
mo. in<1 all PxnfnFe*. Address L.. Sll Van
Nets «ve,. Pan Franrjfcco, Cal.
ASVSRTXSXTMEIfT "VTRlTTBa.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
ot property three $4O scholarships tn the btst
College of Advertising In (he United State*,
I will wl| them at 25 per cent discount for
cafh; the college /teachet advertislnB writ-
ing by correrpondPnce and assists Its grad-
uates to pecure positions; catalotrues fur.
r.lrh»e on application. Address box 3026. Call.
AST3TMA JEKEDT.
A. Dl Ncla'e Arthnja Remedy relieves Instant-
iy. 10c. 25c. 50c. IC02 Market. St. Nlchoia*.
' ALTOMOBILES FOR SALE.
e£OO.*.'D-HAND automobiles In first-etas* |
•hap* for rale ch««p. Inquire at £0 Golden 1
Gate ave. : rnone Howard 671, ¦ . . J
d
:¦ ATTORNEY S-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE. Quick divorce for small fee.
See me and save money; no pay in advanqe
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yr*.; rms. 1, •£, 3. » & B. 1st 1.
1122 Market st. between Msson and Taylor.
Advice fre* all matters. Detectives employed.
ADVICE FREE
Columbian Law & Coll. A gey., r. 85. 91 «
Market; phene John 6226; cp?n evenings;
transacts at mo*t reasonable rate* sll legit-
imate law business: bonds furnished In crim-
inal and civil esses: small collections taken.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, pntranc*- room Cll; established 20
years; all caeen. general court and office prac-
tice: no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business: office
cpen Pnturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
DIVORCE cheap. «pe*dlly. quirtly: call on us
"«re going elsewhere. Phone James 6221:
rcotn 41. 910 Market ft., opposite Emporium.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evening*. 027 Market yt.. rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity: advice
free; costs $12. Ad. B.A.P.. P.O.box 2199. S. F.
L S. CLARK. 927 Market st.: consultation
fre«: no f>en In advance- open evenlnes.
BUSIMSS9 CHAXCES.
A— $25OO~DA1RT depot and route; daily sales
5o cans; t> horses 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 15
years; a good-paying investment. Call R. G.
\VILKE, 26',£ Kearny st.
A— $r.OO; BUTCHER shop; estab. years; all
cash trade: $40 per day; rent $20; best lo-
cation; a bargain; owner must leav»>. See
R. G. WILKE.- 2tt'a Kearny et.
i X ¦— |XH>; branch bakery an<i delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $2">: fine location:
P o,>d business. See R. G. WILKIE. 26V-
Kearay at.
A^-$SSO0; one of the best m««at markets in this
city. 5 years' lease; r$nt $5o; weekly sales o
rattle, ft calves, 5 hogs. 25 sheep: a splendid
libation. Cull R. G. WlLKlE; 2tt»a Kearny.
] A— flioOU; £al<x>n. vicinity market. Ellis and
Stockton BtB ; rent $150; lease; place estab-
Il5ht<l yoars: firet-clas* business. Call R. •¦
WILKIE. 2«>i Kearny st.
A — $'j0O; saloon, vicinity Taylor and Turk etB. ;
rent $50: thi» is a good paying and old es-
tablished business: a worklneman"s place;
rare i-hance. gee R. G. WILKIK. 2ti' g Keran.v.
$3000; grocery and bar, en Fourth st., about 1
Hock from Market St.; lease; good paying;
established yt-ars: sickness only cause of sale.
Call R. G. WILKE. -'64 Kearny st.
A— -$1500— DAIRY produce route; butter and
eggs; eFtabli^htd 5 .v«-ars; 2 horsee. 1 wagon;
owner clears above $150 per mo: good cash
bueinrse. Call R. G. WILKE. 2U^ Kearny.
A— $5000; HARDWARE store; specialties,
locksmith, electric bells, model-making, ma-
chine work etc.: estab. 20 years; located
Sixth st.: large stock. See R. G. WILKE.
2<J 1 -5 Kearny st.
A— $1000; RESTAURANT In San Rafael: dally
receipts $25; rent $30; must be sold at once;
good place. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $10CO: DAIRT produce and delicatessen
store; close to Market st.; daily receipts
about $40; rent $45: good business: value in
tight. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny St.
A — $5000; CORNER grocery end bar; ca«h
business; {tore receipts about $60 per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
each or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*»
Kearny et.
A — $2G00: CORNER grocery and bar. on Powell
Et.; 5 years' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and first -class paying; value In jlght.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $5000; THE leading saloon In manufacturing
town of at>out 5000 inhabitants; 5 years'
lease; rent J>0; full value in sight; first-class
paying business; about -* from S. F.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $«C00; CORNER grocery and bar with 5
years' lease; rent $75; 2 horses; 2 wagons:
average cash store trade $2500 per month;
daily bar receipts $25; full value la sight;
location the best in the city. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $750- SALOON on Montgomery st.; place
rctablished years; owner clearing about *I25
per mocth: investigate; a bargain. . Call R.
G^WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg.:
8 years' lease; net rent $120; this is one of
tte beet saloon locations In this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $1100; SALOON, with 3 rooms: cloao to
Kearny and Bush sts. ; rent $75; lease; plac*
caelly clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest ctock cf liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny tt.
A^ THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest investment and most
profitable enterprise In the city. We repre-
sent two of the largest incorporated companies
in f-. K., and have openings for chauffeurs,
machinists and office men who can invest a
5-.-r.iill amount of cash with their services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market =t.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 in a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; invest-
ment secured and fJO weekly guaranteed.
¦GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market et.
GRAND opening for right man; general- mer-
chandise store; except groceries: out of thla
city; sales $£00 to $000 monthly, profit 35
per cent; price $25C0. or will Invoice; well
established: fine location: low rent.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bid.
$350 SECURES Interest In light office work,
wberc party can easily clear $125 monthly;
references exchanged; experience not neces-
sary: live man wanted: bona fide projiosition.
Particulars 1007 1 ; Market et., room 1.
$1500— HALF interest in an established art
and decorating business In Berkeley; stock
alone will inventory twice amount invested;
sold on account of sickness. CHENEY &
BERRY, P O. Block. Berkeley Station.
$500 — FOR sale, a cood milk route In mining
and eawmilline town of over 2000 lnhabl-
t&nte; r2c<?ipts now over $200 cer month and
can ba Increased; will Eell or lease stock.
Address M. C. A., Call office.
BAKERY, doing good business; cheap rent;
thrte living: rooms furnished; at your own
price: must sell on account of sickness.
2%83 Sixteenth st.
FOR salt — Grocery store; good family trade;
owner retirinz from business. Inqulr* of
owner at 1251 Park st.. Alameda. Cal.: rent
reasonable; 15 years In business.
FOR SALE— Half Interest in a well establish-
ed real estate business in a small city In
California; want a good working partner.
Box 1063. Call office.
FOR SALE — Half Interest in a good contract-
ing business where you can deal with half
the property owners In the city; price $500.
Box 1876. Call office.
$Ts.000 FOR whole or will sell half Interest
In a contracting business in one of the larg-
est cities In California; large stock on hand.
Address for particulars, box 1WS2. CalL-
FOR SALE— About $2250: on* of the best
paying grocery stores in San Francisco; large
trade; horses and wagons, etc.; stock new
anl clean. Box 3238, Call office.
RESTAURANT, delicatessen and liquor store;
:» livir.c rooms; yard: must be sold: owner
has other business: clears $150 month: rent
J2O; will stand Investigation. Box 1SS0. Call.
$600; WANTED — Toung man or woman as
bookkeeper; legitimate fortune; sure; Inves-
tigate at once. Box 3106, Call office.
WANTED — A partner In dry goods, clothing
and shoe business with $2500. In a thriving
town in California. Box 1915. Call office. .
$30OC — GENERAL merchandise store. In small
town in farming community, near coast.
Particulars box 17C8. Call office.
FOR SALE— An established picture, framing
hr;;ine?s In city across the bay; good trade.
Box 1841. Call office^ .
$550— HALF Interest In the manufacturing of
an article that all windows -need; big profits.
Addr«.«s box 1864. Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery business in a prosperous
bay city; splendid trade and Increasing con-
stantly; good, clean stock. Box 1781, Call.
$150— RESTAURANT In fine location; good
trade; or will take a partner for $225. Ad-
dr«>Bs box 1983, Call office.
WANTED — To buy good saloon not over $1000;
no agent. Box 342.*). Call.
RESTAURANT, averaging $45 a day; selling
account of sickness. Box 3424, Call. '
ENERGETIC office man with $500; can make
money easy. Box 3423, Call.
FOR sale— Morning paper route; over 600. Ap-
ply B.. box S373. Call.
PARTNER by Alaska miner ;experl. not neces :
small capital; good prospect. Call 739 Hyde.
$1200— A FINK grocery and bar; account of
elcknesg. 1223 Cortland ave.; Mission cars.
"gf, 00 Hotel: «"»nuf«cturln,
I *"*££ o jfl*^ pap * r wul1 *<"• "ale. Inquire at
nrjSINESS CHANCES — Contlnnetl.
A— CAMERON & CO.- Phone South 1050.
a Eiidyst., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Ojster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors J2(K> to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands ......: .*350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $5W> to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
l-'mit and Vegetable stores $-*00 to $1000
Drugstores $L'000 to $0000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
I Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
' For sale — First-class legitimate mining
> proposition that will bear strict Investiga-
tion. -
BEAUTFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves: 36-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; ralw> own hay, vegetables; all
kinds or fruit; rent $500 per year; equity in
this $2500; death in family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business: cheap rent; 6^5 years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
ing fine business; other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
forTmg-hse or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or will trade— 6 acres inside city
limits; one of best interior cities In Califor-
nia: house barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $1000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business:
central location: established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located grocery and bar; rent
only .$25; sales $30 to $40 per «day; price
$2000; snap. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
T. J. DUNN & CO. 1312 Market St.
Phone Howard 34C8.
CIGAR store near new postoffice; $200; lease:
! snap. S»e DUNN.
CIGAI1 store down on Battery: no night or
Sunday work: a banraih; $S50. DUNN.
SALOON. Third St.. nr. Market, reduced to
$2200; least-: miehty cood off?r. DUNN.
BRANCH bakery, notions: test location in
Mission: rent $1'.; 4 lve. rms.; $400. DUNN.
CANDY — We got bargain, party understands
candy Icecream biz: small capital: lease;
Fteady sales; excellent location. See DUNN.
HOTEL — $1 h day house In best town In State;
elegant; catches share first-class trade; 42
rooms; lease: rent $100; Rood bar; always
full; $3,100. See DUNN.
FOR SALE— A small brewery plant In this
. city. For particulars address box 1974. Call.
DELICATESSEN and small grocery, on main
street; low rent; a bargain. Box 3255. Call.
SALOON — Wholeeale district; lease. Apply
Anchor Brewery; snap.
BUTCHER shop for sale. Appjy 423 San Pablo
ave., Oakland.
$6<X> — HALF Interest In a good business pay-
• ing $1 75 per month. Box 19S1. Call office.
BAKERY and lunch room for sale In a live
Nevada town. Address box 1820. Call office.
RESTAURANT for eale. 191 First st. ;
FOR SALE — Coal and feed yard In East Oak-
land. Box 1831. Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LOUGlftU-UUli'SUBi KOH SALK
A. CAMERON & CO., Phono South 105l>.
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-hcuses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
houise; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 -to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
10S rooms;* cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine'
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
90 rooms; beautiful new building and furni-
ture; swell downtown location; everything up-
to-iiate and first-class; fine opportunity to se-
cure high-grade proposition; must go East.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; Jong lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms; beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
In city; call for terms and particulars.
9 rooms; sunny flat; rent $50; oak. mahogany
fur.; obliged to leave city; "reduced to $650.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
14 rooms; rent only $60; oak furniture: good
"carpets; part cash, balance time; price $650.'
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry fur.;
fine carpets; close in; fine money-maker.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets: sickness; price $350.
138 rooms: downtown commercial hotel; 8
year*' lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secure first-
class hotel; owner has other business; part
cash; balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent; dose In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
11 rooms; rent $40; close in; oak, cherry fur-
niture, Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all ex-
penses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders;
clcarlnr $250 per month; dose In; fine buy;
price $6000.
18 rooms; rent $85; north Market; close in;
cood money-maker; reduced- from • $1600 to
?1100.
128 rooms: cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
20 rooms; rent only $100; all new furniture;
doctor pays $95; clearing over all expenses $100;
best street Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
76 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
A3 rooms; cheap rent;'good lease; beautifully
furnished; new modern building; very central;
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
'21 rooms: corner: rent only $85: oak fur.;
pood carpets, housekeeping; all full;" clearing
$70 over all expenses;, 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600. "
50 room*; new, modern apartme"ht-hous§: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central: first-class proposition.
17 rooms: Ellis st.; rent $70; oak furniture,
Axminster carpets; fine condition; clears $80-
fine little buy.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30: can
be had by paying $150- down, balance time;
$450.
For rent — 4-room suite, furnished. In fin*
arartment-house. 4 to 6 months: rental $45 per
month; references; no small children.
: For rent — 8-room modern furnished flat, for
summer: elegantly fur. preferences required 1
rent $00 per month. ¦ '
A. CAMERON, & CO., 3 Eddy st.
14-ROOM house: rent $45; near Larkln and
Hyde sts.: full of roomerB: owner will sell
for $650: this week. Box 3522. Call office.
NINE -rooms; all full; must. sell, on account
* Of sickness. Inquire 212 F.fthst.- •>;;•
¦¦.¦- --'.-'-¦ - .--.¦-V.: .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1904.
13
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1U7 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR BOOK LEAK? "
Repair :t with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no palntinc or coating; good over old
iron, tin cr thlngles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, 'hafting, etc.. etc.. bourht, sold,
rented aci exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front st.; tei. Main 142S.
A— FINE suits. $7 5l>; dress pants, 52 bO. Orig-
inal Mlsnt Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bu.-h : open to S p. m..' Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents "gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, chaftln?. pulleys,
etc. "WHlTELAW, 253-255 EDcar at.
GENT'S full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.,
25 Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches nnd Jewelry for sale on
j=niall weekly payments. United Loan and
>frust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gent's full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton
pt.. upstair*.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, $1 50.
! Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair:
fcot-fcrm ehces at $2 50; ws pay express
charges. II 3d St.. Exam, bid.: catalog fro».
YOl'NG and talking parrots for sale clreap.
GEORGE NICHOLAS, Fruitvale, P. O.
EDK-ON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacigalupl
moved to 7S«J Mission st.
GOOD brickmaking machine with 28 molds.
«7riri c lman Bro*>.. 11th & St. Jp.mes, San Jose.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55; 00-lnch desk. $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market st.
GRAND Imported tumbler pigeons (rollers),
cheap while they last. Wilson, 229 Stevenson.
; IMPROVED Wood printing presaes, gasolln*
rngir.es. Beyer Machine Works, 40 Spear st.
ROUND campine tents for sale; cheap: some
new; ICxl6. 319 Third st.; teL Main 413.
ASK for prices en second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO..35 Mrkt.Tel.BushJSM
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King'a
Old Bookstore, (il McAllister st.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
eapy payments. GARIN, 80.1 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 132!) Market et.
SOME good second-hand ensoline engines, 1 to
12 h p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
! SAFES? — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING plctiirec. magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bu'lard & Breck. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE tnginfs. automobiles and launches-
al! sizes. J. F.. HOAK. 4« Fremont «t.
MISCTCI-LAVKOUS AVAST5.
BIG nrfec-s raid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds Kf-nta' full dress suits etc.; nend
P<«tJiI card. LJCHTENSTEIN BROS., 23
Stockton *t.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
higheFt price for buildings and will remote
the largest building Jn 10 days.' Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.'
T1I.TON wants good second-hand clothing and
: theatrical goods. 154 nth st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 7R2 Mission; phone Bush 407.
WANTED — A Century Dictionary; state price.
Box Jii'J. Call office.
SHOES wanted: miufit & castoff ; highest prcj. :
r>w X.- •M-hnr'1 'or «al«. 740 M's*)'-n.
MOAESY TO LOAM.
AAA— HERMAN MUltPHY,
001-0U2-C0.1 Examiner Bulldlna
Quick settlements; no ditippointments.
Save expenses -by dealing directly.
Estates, tecond mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignment* of rents; property in trukt.
etc.; legacies, life eEtnte.4 and undivided in-,
teretts in prri,erty purchased. - • "?
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential '
When You Need Money
Eee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5H AND G PER CENT
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on city. Oakland, town
and country real estate.
Second mortgages, eetaten In probate, undi-
vided interests in real estate, property in
iruet; loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
107-S-'.) CROCKER BUILDING.
POST AND MARKET STS.
~~. wn_ loan
A reasunable amount on
let, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, en real estate or
Chattel*. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Gi\> full particulars
of property or chattel*.
Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call office.
A. A DO YOU NEED MONEY? ? ? '.
Loan* on furniture and pianos without re-
mcval- lewest rates and easlrsi plan In city;
den't hesitate to call: information cheerfully
given: no publicity; reliable and square deai-
in*. PEOPLE'S TRUST CO.
S25 MARKET ST.. ROOM 4C2. PARHOTT Bldg
SALARY I.OANH—
M'-ney Ioantd salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement., knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment'
call and get terni?. Drake, 4E.1 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com ;
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donohce bldg.. 1170 Market «t,
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
literal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry 'store
640 Markft^jeUMaln 1W4. Branch. 18 Third!
MONEY leaned un diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is prote-t-
e<J from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton :phone Bush 4*v
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcarding-hquses. without
security; easy payment*, large business In
4fl principal cities. Tolman. 533 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
•t. «upstalrs). loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prjvacy;no commli>«]on;lnstallments accepted
BONELLI. 3C1 Eddy. Conservatory building!
J PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; ao publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, ccnfldentlal. 20 Montgomery at., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bourht
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming leans money to
£ a L* ri A d "nPlcyt-i. R. 311. Mutual Sav Bk.
US.; Oakland office. 1103% Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. J03 Grant ave
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method— To wage earners on unln-
dorred notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-40 Chronicle bUJg.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S F
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages*
life insurance policler, etc United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
'H P««" wt on furniture and pianos; no com
charged. ELKyiNG. 61« Hearst bldg.. Ex. ent
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. S38 Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. COtf Examiner building.
MUSICAL IKSTHUME.NTS. .
A FEW BARGAINS JN UPRIGHTS^
OneErard; nice condition $50
OneEngli«»i Le Blond; good order.,.. $75
One Sterling: cost $:J25; new $ica
One Loins, walnut case; fine order $175
On«. Chickering; mahogany case $250
One Knabe. used one year, latest style; one
Eteiuway. used 2 years, latest style; one
Vose mahogany case, used S months; also I
new piano, mahogany case, three strings, lat-
eit style, upright grand, $147 5a
$10— r-Squares $1Q.
Emerson, Kurtzman, CummlncH, Hallet Sc Da
vis. Steinway, Kranlch & Bach, Haines and 40
others from $10 up: easy payments— guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell.
RENTING is cur specialty; $2 up; apply on
purchase: Installments .$4 1 up. / HEINB
PIANO-CO, 235-237 Geary tV; Oakland. 1252
Broadway.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianoi
$C0: upright*. *10Q up; organs. 825. BYRON
MAUZY. 303 Pott st
» ' ; I
MUSICAL. 'INSTRUMENTS— ¦ Con.
PIANOS for rent: $3 per month: the largest
and best stock in San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 6C0-G4 Hayes st.
TREMENDOUS slaughter storage pianos and
fur.; dirt cheap. Whltehead" s. 1636 Market et.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos almost
given away. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
$1CC— STEINWAY upright; private party: no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos aold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up: Chickering baby grand;
Shoninger, llttie used. Keeffe's, 285 O Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Hauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $l t
i postage paid.
OFFIC.EH AND STOKKS TO LET.
DENTIST'S office for rent: $20; established;
common reccptton-room with physician. 150S
Market st.
HOWARD. lOfiO — Large store with four rocms
for family; rent $32 50.
FINE hall for lodges, meetings, etc. ;1 to 4 times I
a week: cheap. Room C, Odd Fellows' bldg. j
OFFICES on Union Square; all light and sunny;
fixed to suit tenant. 2S3 Post st.'. cor.Stock'n
: I'EUSO.XALS^
A freeft. smooth and young .looking face.
With a real, genuino "baby skin."
'Don't .forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS*.
The num,ber, 781 O'Farrell st.. near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free,
¦ "Hints on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists.', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
ATTENTION — Cut this out: superfluous hair, i
moles, warts killed by absorption; $1; |,er- s
nianent. B. ST. JOHN, hair, face specialist.
Ml Sutter Ft. '
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market it.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT Ie6s than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market et. 1 :
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR ¦ - • •
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all druiti dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
?12 Shotwell: consultation free; call cr write.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by clec-
-trlc needle. Mrs. A.W.Dr.Travers,1170 Market
"VITAL King" cures weak men- $2 50. post
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary, S.F.
SUITS to order oti installments of $1 per week.
KEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors, 729 Market.
Actina restores lest eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 l!»th. nr. Valencia.
MRS5. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 363 But-
ter, r. POO. Miss Eaton. £3.1 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, r.-lgs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 fiO;- ilress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clcthing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S*. Egyption Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. SI: at all druggists'.
A BRANCTI office of The Call for th.» reception
of advertisements an<1 subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. '
~ iw'^iiMTnVT""
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific nalmiP*. 515
Taylor t-t.. near Geary. I'hc-ne Black SHI.
PAIBTTINQ. PAPEHHANGINO, ETC.
Painters, paper-hangers, slgnwrite: ant work;
prices "mod. 1272 Folsom; phone Mint 131.
~ "i»T\k'tx"eus "wax ted".""
WANtjcn — Partner for established planrng
mill and cabinet vhop;- email capital.' 752
Frnnlclin st.. Oakland. " '
PATEHTS. ;•£
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 0 llnbart bldg.. S-'!2 Market st.
PHYSICIANS A.VU SUKUEOX*.
DR C C. O'DONNELL— Office and re.Mdenee.
1021V4 Market st.. bet. fith and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skli: and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 K Market s'^
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor;
<r*ats all diseases of the human body; for
pa»t four year* at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DH TONO PO CUT. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal herb doctor, curea all tllveanes of human
by use of herbs and tens. 727 Washington «t.
WONG WOO. 'he famous herb doctor — AH dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
~ 1'H t»i't;'> a>.s :
ANNUAL supplies for United States Marine
Corps — Headquarters United States Marine
Corps, Quartermaster'u Office, Washington,
D. C. May 5, W04. Sealed proposals, In
duplicate, will be ' received at this dfflce
until noon en June 1, 1004. and then be
publicly opened. for furnishing rations,
laundry service, fuel and forage at Ports-
mouth N. H.; Boston, Mass.; Narraganactt
Station. R. I.: Brooklyn. N. Y. ; Philadelphia.
Pa.- Annapolis, iid. ; Washington. D. C. ;
Norfolk, Va. ; Dry Tortugas, F!a. ; San
Francisco. Cal., and Mare Island, Cal.; ra-
tions laundry service and fuel at Charles-
ton, 's. C. ; Port Royal, S. C. ; Pensacola,
Fla.; New Orleans. La., and Bremerton,
Wash.- rations and laundry service at'Iona
Island N. Y., and Ice at Washington. D. C.
during Ilscal year beginning July 1, 1004.
Proposal blanks and other information can
be obtained upon application to this office,
the commanding officers, marine barracks,
at the nbove named stations, the assistant
quartermaster United States Marine Corps,
Philadelphia. ' Pa., or the assistant quar-
termaeter United States Marine Corps. Kl-
alto Building. San Francisco, Cal. This
oftlce reserves the right to reject any or
all bids ' and to waive informalities. ! Blda
from regular dealers only will .be consid-
ered F L. DENNY. Colonel, Quartermas-
ter. United States Marine Corps.
TIU3A8URY Department, office of the Super-
vising Architect, Washington, D. C., April
•\s 100-1 Seal proposal will bel received
at' this office until 3 o'clock n. (1. on the
Sth day of June, 1004, and thin evened, for
the tanks, pumps, piping, etc., for a crude
pc'roleutn burnins Dlant for the bcilern In
the U. S. Postoffice, Courthouse, etc., at
San Francisco, California, • in accordance
with the drawlnRs and ' specification, copies
of which may be had at this office or at
the office of the Superintendent at fc'an Fran-
cisco Cal at the discretion of the Super-
vising Architect. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR.
Suptrvlalng Architect.
Office of C. Q. M., Vancouver -Barracks.
Wash.. May 10. 1904. Sealed proposals, in
triplicate will be received here until 11 a. m..
June 0. if)04, and then opened, for construct-
ing Electric Lighting System at this post.
For full Information apply at this office, or
to the Chief Quartermaster, • Pullman Build- ,
Ing Chicago, cr Depot Quartermaster,' Army'
Building. New York. U. S. reserves the right
to reject any or all bids or accept any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals should
1 be marked: "Proposals for Electric Lighting
at Vancouver Barracks. Wash.," and addressed
to undersigned. F. O. HODGSON. C. Q. M.
BONDS FOB SALE.
B0NDB for sale— Notice Is hereby given that
ttaled bids will be received until 2 o'ciuck
p. m.. Saturday, May 2H. 1U04. by the Board
of Control of the Territory of Arizona, at the
olnce of said board In the City of Phoenix,
• Arizona for the sale of Ten Bonds of the
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each
biaring date January I, l»O4. due and pay-
able January 1. IStM.. bearing interest at ihe
rate of live per cent (5%) per annum, optional
alter twenty-five yeara. issued by the Ter-
ritory of Arizona in accordance with -the
provisions if Act No. (.1 of the Twenty-sec-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act has been approved by the
Congress of the United States. Interest on
taid bonds will be. paid neml-annually on
the first day of January and July of eacn
year and both principal and. interest payabl*
In gold coin of the United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible bank for 9
per cent of the amount of the bid., payable
to the order of E. E. Klrkland. Territorial
Treasurer, and a copy of this advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
• to make payment In .full up.m allotment and
tender of bonds' will be . considered & cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the check
accompanying- the same. The board reserv«s
the right to reject any and all bids. .Bids
must be sealed ' ana addressed to the Board
o{ Control, Phoenix. Arizona. . and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane ' Asyla.n
•Bonds." ' ¦ '- •' - '• ¦' : ->~ ¦ ' • .
HEADQUARTERS F.OR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Easy Terms. I
New "Octanaide". Lots on Official Grade. |
Fronting and Unobstructed View cf Park
and Ocean.
Choicest and cheapest home sites ever offered.
All bargains'. See them to-dayl
"Oceantlde" branch office, cor. II street and
47th avenue.
Open Sundays and Holidays.
$73 to $250 — Near Park and Ocean — $5 monthly.
f>50 to $1000— Choicest Richmond lots — In-
*" stallments.
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Hd. Lota.
$1000 to $3500 — Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond, Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
stead. Easy terms!
Sunset Branch Office on 9th ave., near H st
SOL. GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54. fourth floor. Chronicle bidg.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO]
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION. SALE.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE.
TO
RENO,
NEVADA.
ALONG THE BANKS OF THE TRUCKEE
RIVER
AND
SIERRA NEVADA MOUNTAINS.
WE WILL SELL TOWN LOTS AT
SPARKS. (EAST RENO)
$9 55 $9 55
ROUND TRIP TICKETS.
FIRST-CLASS PULLMAN TRAIN
Will leave Market-st. ferry Friday,
May 20, at S o'clock p. m., arriving
In Reno at 8 o'clock Saturday morning.
AUCTION SALE TO TAKE PLACE
same <lay on the property to be sold,
where an elaborate collation will be
served. . returning by daylight Sunday.
Tickets will be good to and including
Monday. May 23.
Double berths $1 each way.
Special reduced round trip tickets from
Intermediate points. For further par-
ticulars apply .to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
633 Market st.
f 1.2.1 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level; no
grading to do; ready to build your llttie homi
or; clo»e to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montscmery St., room 5.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 03O Market st. •
«S54X» — Modern residence of 8 rooms; nicely
arrarured; high basement; key lot; opposite
square: fine view: bargain.
?12.0»Ki — NW. cor. Francisco et. : three 2-
Ftcry house3 and dwelling; pays U'j per cent
net.
$2500 — Lake st. comer; fine view of ocean:
57:GxlflO; 2 lets.
MAKE OFFER.
THOMAS MAGEB & SON?.
Real Estate Agents. 5 Montgomery.
COTTAGE of 5 r. and b. on 26th st., near
modern lniiirovenient.s $2&<*>; cm
get loan of $1KOO If wanted.
$250 down for new cottage on San Jose
ave. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
BUILD your unimproved realty; we loan lull
cost iiiiprnv. and part lot at 6%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker bulldlug.
ALL work guaranteed first class »>y ALH-
BACH & MAYER. Plumber*. 836 Howard it.
HKAL ESTATE — Country — Kor Swl*.
~~i W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES,
FULL CHAKG13 TAKEN OF PROPERTY. .
?l'-,ul<0 — Splendid stock ranch and gener^
farm, 2000 acres; 4 miles from Courthouse,
Mendocino County; 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied wuli
water and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are f-v.-rul patchev suitable for allalfa.
, *WitH>— Only .'I^, miles of Geysdrville. the O«n
of Sonoma County; 4t mile £ood school; rural
mail delivery; 3u acres; :tO acres rich bottom
! land; '1 acrer, orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; o acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
fenced; S-roorn hou?e, 2 good barns, nice spring;
have other bargains in this superb section.
$ooW>— Mile and a half of Jjt.' Helena; 1«3
acre?, I5O und«-r cultivation, U acres bearing
oithard, «i acres vineyard; water piped i'j
buildings; fine 2-story residence, stabie, baru.
carriuKt-houBc; once refused $!2,000 cash.
$«0O— Only 1 mile of town; SO acres; house,
trees, vines, berries; lu acres bottom land:
placer and quartz koM; 2 garden patches, out-
side rai'ge, tools, rurniture; lorcetl cale.
$t(X!U — Near- Merced City, on main road; 40
aciOK rich land; 5 acres bearing ollvea, lu acres
alfalfa, fl',i acres bearing orchard; 2 wells: all
ufder ditch; fine cottage. 5 rooms; steel wind-
mill and tank; good barn, toulhouse. granary,
poultry hounei-. Incubator houses: nice income;
cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black iand, near Stuckton. subdivided
In small tracts at >i.i per acre; une-tnird of
crup with place.
Adjoining the town of Led I, both bearing
vineyard land anJ unlmuroved under ditch;
$J2.» tn Site iter acre.
$50 per acre; 10 acres u»; under ditch; i\±
miles ironi Lcdi, on main county road; al.-a
Ian.! on the Stanislaus ditch as low as *li an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
j 1 have several parties with good income
I property to trade for cheap country homes; alto
j lodging-houses; many cash buyers; H«t your
property. \ . .
I $-'500— CO acres: 5 mtlus from Kanta Cruz; 20
I acre* under cultivation, balance rollmir and
some steep; small orchard and vineyard, u..ar.
ing; Kouii 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank loreclosure; ?5uO down and balance
monthly payments it desired/
?lu,uuo — In Kcnonin County; 800 acres' well
fenced in a fields; house; 3 large barns; dairy-
house; well watered: 200 acres tillable; all
level; 24 acres S-year-old orchard; 30 head cat-
tle; 20 hoss; farming implements, etc.; S3ouo
mortgage) trade for bay, property.
;;i2i<>— 2<> acres sandy {loam, only 214 miles
of Petaluma; house, 5 rooms and bath;part cash.
?5<KK> — llest ranch in Southern Oregon;. :\'M
acres; 2 set* eood improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 hurses; farming tools; outside range.
J45Q0— 30 ocres (loss to Morgan HIIJ. San/a
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard
vineyard, 10 acres hill pasture: nice hard
finished cottaRo of S rooms; outbuildings; fine
income; would trade for Income city property.
?1100 — Only 6 m!!es from Courthouse; 80
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
rart cash; near R«<l Bluff.
$17.000 — Finest ranch In Ban Joaquln County,
between Stockton and I.odl: water near aur-"
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals:
45>'» acres rich land, 1 mile of Calm-eras River,
on main road: mortgage ?0000; would trad* for
flrst-class property near city.
$4500 — Near Newcastle; 21 acres; oranges,
cherries, peachen. lemons, plums and apple*;-
! small but nice house: only $1500 down: have
! bargains In this vicinity from $1000 up.
1 fa25O-r-10 acres, all in apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; half cash.
fl700 — In Sonoma City: 3Vj acres; all level:
good house, barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13
pcuttry houses and rarrta: some alfalfa; spring*
wagon: T»oo chickens; fnedhouse.
J2500 — Only 2 miles from San 'Jose; 4 acres;
2'i acres bearing orchard: hard finished cnt-
ta^e, 5 rooms: stable,, windmill and tank;
cheap. , ;L'
$.t. r )00— 136 acres east of San Jose, 125 acres
In hny: Rood soil.
Fend ftamp for printed list.
W, J. WHITK. 20 Montgomery St.. room K.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
Full charge taken of property.
"1 . . ¦¦
GREAT bargain — Rich, irrigated farms: bill
canal; free water right; very cheap: e»»y
terms: homeseeker's opportunity. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. (54S Market st. .
6- ROOM cottate at Larkspur: almost new;
modern; fin* for summer residence: ?J mile
from station: $1100: S100 cash, balance $12
per month.
W. N. RUSSELL.
S01 California Ft.. San Franclico. Cal.
cottage, f> rooms and bath,
bet.' Itith and 17th stp.; Mission warm belt;
fine location; easy terms. Apply 3316 Mis-
sion at.
ALFALFA lands.' stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. -.C.-M.-- WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market st. '..'..
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
1f> tmeew. In wrapper, for mailing. »1 per vear.
POINT RICIIMOVD REAL ESTATE.
LAST chance— $5 monthly; lots any tract; first
. price, first choice: near sites bought for fac-
'turie*. ote. A.* W. BELL. 211 Montgy., S. F.
4 CHOICE lots, cheap. 32S Bush st.. 3d floor.
room 4. . - . , -^ -- ¦ --
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
positively cured; new methods: I week's treat-
ment free. Dr Cottinsham 204 Suttir st.
IBWI5G MACHINES A?" SUP~.Ig».
DOMESTIC— Th« machine for family use:
best Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1C21 Market, near 81ith.
NEW HOME— See our new trlple-fee4 ma-
chines: slightly used: $10 $15. $20; second-
hand. $t $5 $9: ail styles: guaranteed. Ketr
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 10S1 Market St.
; STtTTERIXG A.M> STAMMEKWO.
promises cure if in fair health; hours 1 to 5.
1 -— ' —
TYPEWRITERS A.VD SVPPLJKSw
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower pricks; rentals $2 50. Th«
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st.
A- FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par*
tlculars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, rwatred.
Welw'er Typ«writer Inspec. Co.. 80S Market.
OIVIDE.VO NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
I butldirtg. 708 Market st.. opposite Third--
For the half yea- eBdlnir 31st of December.
I 19U1. a dividend has been declared at tt>»
1 rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital atock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1004. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIO. Secretary.
, DIVIDEND No. 0. 5 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 403 Mont-
j gomery St.. room g. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
• yesterday :
Hermann Klei«t. 37. 127 Duncan street, and
Sofle Chmiel. 2H. city.
J. John Hachman. 21. 415 Turk street, and
Virginia J. Webb 21. 1321 Washington street.
Harry I. Allen."24. ir>.".l Sanchez street. anJ
Mary J. Coyle. 21. 371 California avenut.
Oswald t=. Mish, 2H. 1133 <iak street, and
Rose Lissner. 24. 7«rt Bush street.
Gustavus J. Loraheter. 20. 5»*'> Eddy street,
and Ethel M. Fletcher. IS. 374 Shotwell street.
Eugtne M. O'Neill. 2(5. 1419 McAllister street,
ami Martha Hair. 23. Oakland.
Henry P. Rnthermt-1. ¦ 21. 1S«W Howard st..
and Itorls A. Schlutiu». IS, 234 Twelfth street.
John von Slebenthal, 3.S, ctty. and Louise
Mczenen. ."2. city.
JBIHTH8— HABBIA61S— DEATB
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not b? Inserted. They must be handed
In at either o* the i>ublication offices and t-» |
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
¦ sons authorized to have the same published.
Notice* restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
I fr-Sf of charge.
BOK.V.
CROSS — In this city. April SO, 1904, to tha
wife of Herbert Cr<»?s. a daughter.
HOFFSES-rln thi3 city, to the wife of James
E. IIofTses. a s'-n.
HARRIED.
ANDERSON— MADDEN— In San Rafael. Cal.,
Alarcn 2J«. I006, by th* Rev. A. E. I'lrlch.
Michael Anderunn and Gertrude Madden.
hnth of f-sn Francisco.
DIED.
• Aub«»rt. L^ui3 H Tins. Charl«
Baumhoer. ISprnic J. Jeffers. Ellen C.
Bonner. John D. Kilborn. Joseph G.
Boucher. Sarah S. 1-a.throp. Agnes E.
Boyle Sarah K. Martnovlch. Mthovil
Campbell. Wm. J. McLeod. Sarah
• Davis William Morrell. Louisa M.
1 Pavl^n. John A. O'Connell. Thomas
Pay. ilary Patton. Josephine- M.
Dors. J"hn Powers. Mary
! Fagen Terry fWrty, Emily M.
Franko. Anthony Samuel. Casper
Glovanncnl. George Pievold. Julia
fileeson William Sousa. Louise 11.
Hammond. Edna M. Thomas, Rose H.
Hartwell, Jerry Wilkinson. Harry
AUBEBT—In the City and County Hospital.
May 10, i90«. Louis Aubert, a native of
, France, ased 41 years.
' BAUilHOF.U— In this city. May 10. 19O4. at
the residence 712 'j Natoma street. Bernico
J . beloved daughter of Josle and the lat»
Frank Haurohoer. a native of San Fran-
1 Cisco, aged 4 year*.
(ETTU-mains at the parlors of McFaduen,
McIIrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
1- BONNER— In this city. May 8. 1304. John
Praehbar Bonner. beloved brother of Cather-
ine Kelly, a native of Lancaster. Pa., aged
4; years. A member of San Francisco Brtck-
layers' Association No. 7. of California.
prThe funeral will take place to-day
1 (Wednesday), at 12 :3*v o'clock, from thj par-
lors of Monahan. O*Hara * CO.. 2339-41 Mi«-
1 sicn street, near Nineteenth, thence, to S:.
Anthony's Church for services at 1 o clock.
Interment private. Mats will be celebrated
'¦ for the repose of his soul Thursday. May l_
' at St. Anthony's Church.
I BOUCHER— Frien.la are respectfully Invital to
attend a requiem mass for the lata^ Sarah
Stanley Boucher at Sacred Heart Church.
Filloiore and Fell streets. Wednesday. May
I 11. at 9 o'clock.
' BOYLE— Friends and acquaintances are ie-
*;.«ctfully Invited to attend the anniversary
reiiuiem mass for the repose cf the soul c.
th« lat-i Sarah E. Boyle of Mill ValldT, Ma-
rin County, at ' St. . Mary's Cathedral. San
Francisco. Wednesday. May 11, at 10:-'J
o'cicck
CAMPBELL— In this city. May 10, 1904, Wit-
Ham J dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Campbell, and loving father of William J..
Margaret L.. ,£lsle A. Rolland and Bernard
Campbell, a native cf 'Newry. County Down.
Ireland, ased M year*.
|jy Friends and acquaintances are ivapect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
1 May 13, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
• dence. 22 Laurel place, off First street, •be-
tween Folsoni and Harrison, thence to Si.
Brendan's Church, -where a requiem high
masd will be celebrated for the repos* of his
soul, at U o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
I DAVIS— In this city May 10. 1901. William
DavW. beloved father of William E.. Ame-
lia, Lottie and Clara Davis, a native of Vir-
: ginia. seed tS4 years.
DAVISON— In this city. May 9. 1«M,
1 John A. Davison. husband of Mary Davi-
son ami brother of Mrs. J. M. Walker.
• Mrs. William Walker and Mrs. Barsaloax.
and the Re 1 ' R. A. Daviaon of Falls Chun.n,
Iowa, a native of Ohio, aged 60 years i
montus and 1 day.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances ara ; - esp*tt-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mommr
', (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from th« parlors
of Halsted & Co.. JW6 Mission street, under
the auspices of 1. O. O. V. Interment Cy-
presa Lawn Cemetery.' by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
! DAY— In Oakland, Cal., May 10. 1904, Mary,
I beloved wife of Z. Day. a native of Scot-
land, aged 00 years and 8 months.
. DORN— In this city. May 10. 1904. John Dorn.
beloved husband of Mrs. A. Dorn. and father
of Frida. Tessle, Carl and Essia Dorn. a na-
tive of Norway, aged 44 years and 1 month.
> FAGEN — In the City and County Hospital.
May 10, 19O4. Terry Fagen. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 42 years.
FRANKO— In this city. May 10. 1004, Anthony
Franko, a native of New York, aged :i\
years. (New York City papers please- copy.)
CIOVANNONI— In this city. May 10. 1904.
George dearly beloved son of Angelo and
the late Mary Ann Giovannoni. and brother
; of Angelo Giovannoni Jr.. Mrs. A. O. Rossi.
Mrs J. Pera nnd Mrs. R. Giovannoni. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 25 years 1»
months and 25 I'ays.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral lo-tlaj"
(Wednejday), at 1 o'clock, from the Italian
Church of Sts. Peter and Paul's corner of
Dupont and Filbert street* N. B.— At 8:S0
1 o'clock there will be celebrated at Sts. Peter
ar.d Paul's Church a solemn requiem high,
mass for the- repose of his soul. Remains at
! the undertaking parlors "of Iaccheri. Duclo*
Sc Co.. 629 Broadway. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
GLEESON— In this city. May \0, 1904, Wil-
liam. " beloved brother of Mrs. Marsaret
liealy. and uncle of William H. and Alfred
J. Healy.Mrs. II. L. Cowtes and Mrs. Ma-
rion Creelman. a native of Ireland, aged S4i
t I years.
! [£7-Friends and acquaintances are resp«ct-
j "" fully invited" to attend the funeral Friday,
1 May 13, at 1> o'clock, iroro the funeral par-
lcrs cf Porter k White, 4'iJ Golden Gat«
avenue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, cor-
! ner of Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell street,
where a solemn requiem hish mass will be
celebrated for the repose of hla soul, com-
Contlnaed on Paze Fourteen.
; HtNRY J. CALLACHEft CO.
• (Successors to Flannaran St Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mzr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBAUIEB3,
20 Fifth st.. cpposlt* Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
1 UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
" J, Funeral Directors and Embaimers • —
Formerly in Metropolitan Tenaplt,
NOW at Mi« MISSION. TeL South 1«T.
I Between Fcurth and Fifth, near Fifth »C
Finest Equipments at ModeraU R*Uf> ;
B KKKKLG Y ADVKRT'S^rNTS
IIKKKKI.KY IIKAI, ESTATE.
AN OPPORTUNITY.
Nearly new cottage of 5 large rooms, vrz. :
Reception and dining room, polished floors,
marble fireplace. 2 bedrooms, bath. * kitchen,
pantry, etc.; jra» throughout; high basement
with stationary tubs and photographic dark- i
room: lot 40x122:6; street work and cement •
eidewa'ks; on Grove st.. 1 minute from Ashby |
station: $25"0; easy terms. Sole agent, j
H. D. IRW1N. Lorin Station. Berkeley; open]
Sundays.
A SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK. ~
$2600 — New <5-room house, large lot. near car
ll>:e, schools, churches; ?5C0 cash, balance
$25 per minth: street work complete.
MORAN A SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVA1.E REAL ESTATE.
W. E. RUDELL.
Corner Fruitvale ave. and Washington st.
DON'T THIS LOOK GOOD TO YOU?
$1700— A house and lot that cannot b« du-
plicated in Fruitvale for leys than $2500; 9
nice rooms, bath, pantry, stationary' wash-
tubs, toilet and poTch; near nchoolhouse and
station; terms, $250 cash, balance same as
rent.
$2T>00— Here Js another bargain: 2-story
house. S rooms, bath, hiffh banement. »t«-
'tlonary wash trays, hot and cold water, good
well, stable, chicken houses and yards, fruit 1
trees and vegetables: corner lot. 1.15x145. :
come and be convinced that this Is a special
bargain. .
For rent — House, 7 rooms (Upper Fruit-
vale); rent *1« per month. *
W. E. RUDELL. Fruitvale ave.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) REAL ESTATE.
$300 CASH buys; balance payable after 5
years; a well-built nenv houpe. fl large room*,
bath etc.; everything complete nrnl up to
date; lot 04x100: excellent location; high
and near church, school, stores, hank, street
cars. Key ¦ Route and Santa Fe stations;
how open for Inspection. 8fi7 37th st.. Oak-
land: take Key RGufe from Fan Francisco
UAKLAM) KLK.XrriiRK KOK SALB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnt-
lure H. Kchellhaaa.llth »t..ror.store.Oaklan.4.
San Francisco Advert isnvts.
ROOMS I'ttti 1IOS SKKKKt'nfK.
ALL sunny; best In city: 3 or 4 rms.; furni«hed
r, r unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS. J5«0 Sacramento St.. near Larkln.
FELL, 222—3 sunny housekeeping rooms^
FOURTH. 145—2 sunny housekeeping rooms^
GOUGH. 211 — Three sunny corner unfurnished .
room*: gas. bath, phone, etc.; adults.
GUERRERO. 548—3 sunny housekeeping rooms,
partly furnished.
KNICKERBOCKER ADartmer.ts. 1340 Pinf—
Sunny, tarnished 3-room suites; eteam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $::0 u?
LARKIN. 817ti— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed: gas stove: reasonable.
STOCKTON. 1206 — Newly furnished single,
double housekpg. rooms; bath: gas:^5-$12.
TO let— 2 housekeeping rooms*, nicely furnished;
parties going away: will rent very cheap to
right party. 1040 Howard st.. flrs"t floor.
TURK. 10"-'.~'4-^loor of three sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping anil home-making;
every convenience: adults; call 10 to 5.
A L> V E RT1 S? EM E.S'TS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement* and subscription* has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Opt, ttntll 11 p. m.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
10H4 SITTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIX ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each: all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST.CECILE. 115 Fell.above Van Ne?s ave.— Th«
acme of perfection in mod»rn. elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments. with private baths,
steam htat. electric light.elevator. gas ranges.
530. $35, $37. $40. $45. $47 !0, »50. $55.
?27 CO— 3 ROOMS and bath. fnrn.. $33; 4 rooms
and bath. $30, firn. $37 5o; sun In every
apart.; new house, beautifully finished; gau
ranges in unfurn. apart*. The Malken. 91
Centtal ave.. near Haight st.
ST. LOUIS. 1573 Jackscn ft. — Modern .".-4-r>
rooms: furn. or unfurn.; refs. Tel. East 1350.
KUUaiJI Til 1.KT— Knrn. nnd Vnturn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to ?1 per night. $1 25 to S5 per week and
iisht housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." STi Market st. <or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 2.ic. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT 112t> Market lold No. 136O— Fur-
niehed rooms, suite, single; ilso unfurnisned.
BUSH, 22S4 — 2 connecting unfurnished heuj>e-
kpg. rooms: sunny; gas, running water: $li>.
CLIFFORD. 20-1 KUis. cor. Mason— Elegantly
furr.irhed sunny rooms: prices r°asonable.
CUMMINUS (The), tils Post. r.r. Taylor— Just
open«d: desirably located; sunny single roomt
ard suit's, with private bath?, hot and co'.d
water, eteam htat. electric lights, phone every
room: elevator. Phone East l:t!7 if desired.
ELEGANT and reasonable transient room. '
Address G.. box 32fiO. CaU;
GEARY, 4C8 — 3 sunny, clean, nicely furnished
rooms. .
GRAND Southern. 7th and .Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 nigh:: $1 50 to $e wk. : reading-room.
HOWARD. \>XO — Front nlcove room, suitable
1 or 2 uentlemen; gas. bath; private family.
HOTEL DUFFEKIN. 74a Ellis — Elegantly fur-
nlthvd suites an<1 single rooms.
JKSSIE. 323— Sunny, clean and neatly fur-
nished bedroom. $1 75 week.
POST. SSSt. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room: bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
KOYAL House, 12ti Ellis — Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
Icr: rooms per nljrht. 35c to $1 CO; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TAYLOR, C21, cor. Sutter — 2 housekeeping
rooms, $1C: 2 single rooms, $10 each; all
sunny.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 4W
rocms. 35c to $.1 night. $1 75 to $B week; el«c-
- trie liRhts <no teas), running water in every
room; elevator. read. -room: free bus; bagsase.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Elegant tront parlurs
and adjoining suite fcr office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d »t.. near Market—
Mcst convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF House. ' 202 Sixth , st. — Rooms from 15o
to $1 per night and from 00c to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscript Ions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has oeen
opened at 1009 Mnrket St., opposite Fifth.
Op»n until r>. m.
HOI, -US AMI HOARD.
HOTEL. BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
• SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70«.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1221— Elegant large
front alcove room; gas, bath, running water,
with board: suitable for 2: private family.
HOWARD. 841A— Flrst-class board & room!
single or double. $.1 Si $8 vreek: Amer. family.
ETOKAGK A?*D UAKEHOCSBI.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731. Howard »t , nr. Third: phone Grant 101.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage eo.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 7o0
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. -.f-
flce Post and Powell »ts. ; tel.- Prlv. Ex. 37i.
CONKLIN'S atnrage^ — Furniture and merchan-
dise. .13-1 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12ft
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. MO
Mission st.: f»l. Howard 9J1.F. W. Zehtut*.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com*
pany. 2320 Flllmore at.; phone Jackson 2SI.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. II Montgome-y
st.; tel. Main 1840. f hipping at cut rates.
HKLP WANTED— MALE Con.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY. ~~~"~~
14 Third st.. near Call bldg. ; phone Bu^h 405.
THE STATE OK NEVADA.
CHEAP FAltE-REFUXDEl).
V. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 tramsters. $07 50 a month.
15 laborers, $t><J a month.
10 drillers, rockmen. hammermen, $75.
2 men to cut pine wood. J4 feet. $1 25 a cord.
FOR THE SAWMILLS.
4 lumber piitrs and yardmen. &!0 a month
and board. Americans Dreferred.
14 general sawmill nnd yardmen and men
for the woods $30 to $W> a month and board.
10 laborers. 51 73 to $2 a day.
I t> ranch hands, Sonoma County, $2G a mi>nth
and board.
Cook and 2 helpers, sawmill co.. $120 a
month. 60 to Sf> men.
Man, wife and helper to cook, $120 a month;
Gus Natt cook please call.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY'. 14JThird st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikln. R*no House prourletor, has
added 10O new rooms to the Denver House.
517 Third *t.: JM) rooms; 2&c tojEOc per nlgat.
BARBERS— 3-chair~shop for sale; sickness th«
reason. _ 109'J Valencia ft.
J SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts or
i the world al HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart St.
GENTLEMAN to solicit for weekly paper In
northern part of rlty. Apply Mt> Filbert tt.
LABOR dtbts ccllected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montsy.. r. 413.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade: wages
mhlle learning. "41 A Howard st^
Pension AttyT E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Pbelan bid*.
Past Coin. Geo. H, Thomas Post. G. A. K-
SAILORS and young men ijrreen hands) for
thlps HALLEERT. 517 Jackson st. |
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms: 35c nicht: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggsge to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market at., owsite Fifth.
; Oprn until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received a<
Call branch office, cor. Injncan & Church gts.
ALL sixes men's t-hoe*. silently damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shews half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. r.B.1 Mlffion fl.. bet. 1?t ard 2d sts.
HELP WANTED— SOLICITORS.
mRTRAIT eollcltors; instalment plan; excel.
prppf'Sltlon to get on1er«. 52S Valencia si.
HOUSES AAD WAGONS^
•SECOND-HAND Toomey pneumatic cart, rub-
ber-tire phaeton, platform gear talltop s'-i "-
rev. open hack, ruhber-tire coupe, tandem
cp.rt pneumatic and solid-tire ball-beirln?
luggits, cheap at O'BRIEN' S. Polk st. nnU
Golden Gate ave.
One 3-ton platform wagon, one 12-fcot platform
furniture wagon anJ three sfiing wagon; of
all kinds. 15«n-1503 Folsom «rt.
FINE river bottom pasturage: ereen feed rear
round: r.tar Black Diamond. Contra Costa
Ccunty. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevtnson. S. F.
FOR «aJe — Handsome driving hcrre. Apply
between 2 and 4, room 411. Emma Spreckols
building.
6AN FKANCISCO Veterinary College — Neit
rersicn tK-gfr.e June «. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CKEELET. .'.10 CJolden Gate av*.
GOOD hnr«, 515: pair mules. £35; bay team
for any work. $75. 272S Bryant.
A GOOD horse Jcr fale: at present In Oak-
lend. Box ICC4. Call office.
WANTED— A' eood delivery horse. Box 1S21,
Call office.
FOR sale — A hcrs=e; gentle. Box 3233. Call
office.
CAMPING waccn; great for theatrical travel-
ers. 127 Turk st.; owner at C4l> Howard Ft.
HORSES of all graces btucht, sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. 63 H-rmann st.
WAGONETTES. surrey«. buggies, wagons, har-
r.e*s. wcrk and hnrfs 15th- Valencia.
UQUSKS T«* LET.
A— PRINTED list of hou?e« to let; send for clr-
cu!ar. G. H. ClfBSEW & CO.. 20 Montgomery
PEP.RY. 204. n-:ir Fourth — 'ST; house of 3
rtom«: whit free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO.. -'0 Mortgoircrr -«t.
K«». S'ir> TO I.K1 I'lKViMIKl).
COMPLETELY furnished house; 7 large. *unny
rocms; bath, large yard, baetment. 104 Pierce
ft., nr. Haight; refertnees reneired. In'juir^
'J-12 a. m., t.-7 p. m., or 207 Examiner bn!jj.
EUTTKR, 1C01*. near Hyde— Sunny furnished
7-rr>om huuf-e: all new: references.
LAuycacs res hibe.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
*t.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush W4.
J. Micha«lis Laurch Co.. Union-st. wharf-.boat-
in? &• ''xcurFicr.s. 5 Steuart St.: tel. .lohn 2<»«.
LOST A.\U 1'OL'MX
LOST — Saturday. -May 7 gcing from Laguna
and McAllister sts. by McAllister and Third
Ft. cars to Third ar.d Townsend "t. "depot, a
purse containing $1(5 in F')'d coin. Return
to 747 Lazuna st. and receive reward.
LOST— About April 25, a white bull terrier
with two black spots on each ear: answers
to name of Hector; ruitable reward will be
paid for return. Apply subscription window.
Call business office.
L">T — April 24, 3-year-f'Id mare; blue sray;
scar on hip; one ear split; white spot on
forehead; 7£><t pouncs; $L"J reward. i>-_»i. .0
CASSEJJ. Silver ave.
LOST — A pairbock with the Hiberr.ia Savings
and Loa» Society of San Kranclneo in ihe
name of LEILA E. WARREN. No. 2J4-SV5.
The finder will ple&3e return to bank.
LOST— Silver medal with gold initial*! "I. R,"
going from Fan Francisco to Shell Mourni
Park. Return to 14G7 Fifteenth Bt. San
Francisco, reward.
LOST— Thurrday. gold medal, inscribed A. P.
P. B., on the front; it has also A. M. Cat-
j vclho above the medal; reward. Return 58
Jackzon st.
I LOST — A large maltese cat having name on
cillar. Rtiurn to .'JO^S Washington st. and
receive reward.
LOST— W&difs' gold watch; name •Ruby" en-
graved; fob. R. K. M. Reward If returned
to 7fcl Sutu-r ft.
LOST — Purse containing diamond and ruby
nips and brcoeh near Webster and O'Farrell
Us. Ki'5 o'Karrcll St.; lilnral reward.
LOST— F«ot Ot Broadway. Oakland, chatelaine
purs« ccmainint cheiit $21 and *47 cash. Ro-
tjrn to 22i* Enclnal ave, Alameda; reward.
LOST— A gold headed one on McAllister *t..
coming frcm Golden Gate Park; reward.
Rr.om 02, Crocker buJMlnsr.
WHITE fox terrier, brown cars, email scar
under neck; lost in forest east of Affiliated
Colleges. Reward $25 at CCO Leavenworth St.
i LOFT— Whit? bull dog; female. Finder please
return to 1042 Golden Gate ave and receive
reward.
I LOST — At beach. Sunday night, black fur col-
lar. Liberal reward. 724'i Market, room 19.
UKDICAL*
LADIEs* deMring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities connult me; my methods
ai-i: patnlt*s and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fee*. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 yeare' experience in all
femele disorders; call or write. DR. WHIT.B>
702 Market rt.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. tpeclalist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 yeara' experience. £20 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
rr.ale troubles and irrecularitlen; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOS^ Market «t.. cpp. 3th.
DR. G. W. O' PONNELL— All who are tick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints ; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111H Market— Reliable ladles'
tpeclaiUt; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fee*.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Neil— Expert
In obstetric*, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to S: 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having eecured lease of
premises, is permanently located at 611 A
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary- and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Our monthly regulator never fails;
box free. VITA CO., Station A. Detroit- Mich.
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded! confidential
DR. EMILIA FUKKR. 141U 8th Ft.. Alameda.
LADIES'. Irregularities cured; IS years' ex.;
private. Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny st.
DR. ROSEX resides 25»5 Kolscm St., corner
2Ctfa: ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WEETON, 203 Kearny st. .
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market »t. |
BKI.P U'AVTED — MALE Con- I
• MURRAY & READY *Vt and 636 Clay st. I
Phone Main f«4S.
We Speak
«*Tir.an — Grc«k — Iiailan.
¦ . Spanish — Swiss — French.
Your fare free. Look — free fare
to State of Nevada
if you stay four months; that's all.
U. B. Government work.
„« 2*iS two- horse teamsters, $1R».
- 1.V5 lali^rers. you'll «uit. $t».
• !J5 driller*, rockmen. hammtrsmen. $75.
Kjght hours' wurk daily; hundreds going.
•i carpenters, city Jobs. $4 day.
4 oarpesten. fare tl4U. J3 5u day.
• "8 ra;«r hangers, fare *1 tX>. $* day. I
2 pairurs. lare $1 £><». *-'{ TA> day.
? plumbers, fare- $1 8i>. $5 day.
2 n.r.MnithE. fare fl «»». ?4 day.
Wheelwright, operate wheel machine, fare $1.
•> stay.
Ho'.Wr -maker, fare COc. ?3 $3 50 day.
?;«ck*mith. staee company. Mendocino Coun-
ty $.'»<» ar,d found
\v heel wright, 5<<c fare. $.*>0 and found.
• I->rft««er and Etriptr. Monterey County; call
early.
lt> c<K?r#r. slack work; steady.
.2 crrnlcernen. exceptionally good jobs, $3 50
-cay
4 plasterer*, fare ?1 .*><•. $r> day.
Carriage, jainter dicker hand, country. $4
• d«\ . -
"" V»'id fr and siicktr hand.
Ganc *djr*rman. fare $1. $55 to $70 and fd.
Doutue-cut band sawyer. $5 day.
•• Sr*^w turner. Santa 4'lara County, $75.
* packers, different places.
Do*;ble-trec ihaper and ej>indie shaper. $3.
•« srool tenders, lumber company. $50 !d. up.
cutoff sawyer; 4 tliinjtl^rs. ?1 per 1000.
"1-dgtrman. fare $1 «>. *45 Hnd fourd.
. • " LOOK.
. f2 hiMse'shoers city, country, $4. %:i 50, $3,
$:> 50.
14 blacksmiths and hHixrs. $4. $3. $2 day.
4 Jaborers to irrigate orchard, fare $1, $2t» fd.
STABLEMEN.
[ .2<> stablemen, city, country. $~5. t r *>, $^0 fd.
t 4 1-,arne*s cleaners, extra good Job. $75.
3 " 4 hortier* and floor men. extia good Job. $i5.
1 .1 cMichmfa country Joh. *.">'• and found.
HATMAKBKS.
V *-S haymakers, ir.owers. fl 25 day and found.
a<i \<ncy«rd and orchard hands. *2«:. $50 fd.
::>.-V.!!kers. tuttrr and cheese makers, $ :0
1 an(f $M> and found.
1 i6 choremen and hoys. $15 to $30 and found.
! 1'I.Bc^s. box fa'-toriee. $50
, ' -6 *><*; s in machine fhojis, etc., $4 week up.
( MINES.
1 -12 machine miner!". *'¦*".
; It5 Single and double-hand miner?, $s2 ft'».
1J>« wovriiht 'liters, ail over California.
MKX AND WIVES.
lliUer end wife, $40 end found.
<"ir. r/e'id wives for ranches. VUL $40. $60 fd.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
¦j* •»•<¦» ks. $30. $40. »5y. $«<), ?70 and found.
it, waipirrc $2i $3<J. $40 and tound.
is difh*ashers $30, $2.". tSO, *:» found.
12 r"""iers bell an»1 elevator boys, $3O-$15 fd.
LAUNDRY.
• 2»j . iaundrymen, different departments, $15
and ?;"- week.
BAKERS.
2 Bnt 4 pe^ond on bread, 1 s'^nd on cakes.
• . ii.s-t placrf at MURRAY & READY.
"liiFitest -...'- at C34-tj36 Clay tt.
Cll"'NlGHT TELEORAMJS.
THLEPHONE ANI» LfciXTKB ORDERS.
• <S 8k no baking. l.V rare. J^<> and found.
YES. t
Mli^er and wife, eaf.v good job. siiuth. $40 fd.
4 5-heP;i herders fare $1 i". $30 and found.
AT ONCE.
B!n<-k«mith. ranch, $4M and found.
i"ir«-ular sawyer, b^-^s here. f7-% ta *rx> found,
t-eiter, screw head blocks, boss here. $3 day.
.. l>o.ir molder. "»5c fare. $2 to $-'l a day.
. • La;h«>r and t hinr'-'-r. s "c fare, f 4 a dny.
Driver and solicit bottle beer. city. 525 fd.
' B;-y fcr office, ¦rbotetalc house, city. $<5 week.
. BeUbOT. c'.ty hottl. $15 and found.
Waiter for men. trine camp, fare $'t. ?25 fd.
HVustsbout. play piano, violin or accordion.
* W^etabieman mine. $S<* and found.
. .Blacksmith, tharj^n .iri!is. $1 7.'. day found.
J ranr-h hands, us* 1 pythe. multimillionaire's
r*.k fare We. ?2 day.
» farmer and wife, exceptionally good job
anc* na^ej.
v Italians .'<t irripating orchard, fare $1,
*2»; «r.d focafl.
3 Jtali.-.n laborer*, factarv. 2.V fare. $2 day.
" MURRAY & READY. «;:4-Ci'i Clay rt.
.•n'ANTED for U. S. arm); ible-bodied un-
• married men, t#tw«r. ac-« of 21 and .'S3;
cniiens of the Unitert Statts. of good char-
acter a-<J temperate habits, who can 5r*ak.
read -ar.d write Erjrllth. For information
"•eppiy to Recruiting Officer. Rialto building
New Montgomery n.. ban Francisco, or 1023
tfeysr.J st.. Sauramento, Cal.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
"Airly at HALE EROS'. t*>tween 9 «nd 11
a.m.. ....
Vt ANTED — Tonne man who is an experienced
rfry'F-x*!* wrapjxT. Apply tt HALE BROS'.
betwwa 'J and 11 a. m.
ALL
I'.er: to learn th» BARBER TRADE; or.ly
« !ght werks required: positions eecured: con-
•tr.rt practice ctid expert instruction; special
r>fler an.1 cetaloyu* mai'.ed :r?e.
MOHLKR BTBTB3I COLLEGE. C"5 Clay st.
O^'VKRNMENT ooalUoasj — <~»I1 at tC5 Goldtn
<>at» ave. room 7. fur free Information as
to'txjsitions. salaries, at* limits, etc.: day
• r '"¦ rr.ir.;*.
BARBER for the country; waire? tli'.rty <$.'5O)
dollars jwr month, board and room. Address*,
•tating a«t- and experience. Nelson Hotel
• '. o.. (H'oa, aiarin County. Cal.
M '<V"M)t> sobt-r barber evenirgs, Saturday and
• f^if\day: sttady. r.1.% Hays et.
t V> \NTi:i>— Barber. Wednesday eAen'r.g. Sat-
,u!<1»\ and Sunday. W£j Howard sU
: .i-... ..1 ;. at 104 ! » l.'nion Square ave.; also
boot black.
I*]J^T<"LASift t>arbw — Wrdnefday evening,
ijaiuiday and Suntiay. -<.r.<^ Mi£fion et.
ERRAND boy wanted. C41'i Stevenson st.
WANTED — Cook; Cbort distance in countrj-;
%3i found. NW. cor. Eaft and Clay «ts.
\VAr*T";D — '¦)r-rator nx\ coats; call ready for
work. 22i) SUTC9HM **-. room . 5.
CAKVABSSS8* wanted fcr St. Louis Fair
• <\y*. 51«i O'lr.mercial 5t.
V'AXTED- A ROcd tailor en coats. 3(Mli
Tii'i'S st.
rHOTOORAPHER— Wante.i. operator. one
*thc can -retouch preferred. 8.;0 Market tt.
IV ANTED— Military tailor. 2S12 Greenwich St.
WA-yftiD— Job press feeder. C.'«4 Hayes st.
EHpEBLACK wanted at 1 F"rank!in st.
. X'A liNISI'Jili f - r furniture factory. 2147 Fol-
fctn tt., near t:iR-hte<nth.
CIXAXEi:, clothing renovatnry; steady work.
<2»> Ninth st., near Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED— :;0 lath-rr*; |3 per day. ,"18 But:h
street.
tl.UVATOR br.v V.&V.UA; make h'miilf useful.
29 Stockton st.
• BARBKR Shop fcr Falf chf»r,. 823'4 K^arny
**:t ; owner gc-:nfr to A:..- ..;..
, BARBER fchop fur ?i>le; clears $25 per we^-U;
fci^ness i-«u» of Fale. 3147 Twenty-fourth.
)"<>f{ talc— 3 barber shop*; cheap. Apply 31
J' Eighth t,t.
iiONP^T man for p:ain accounts ond collet:-
„ inr. fie; permanent; reference* and i>jme
. r-ttrb rece»sory ; salary and ninmlwiOB: no
ttiflers. 14 McAlllrt^r *t.. 5Uite la '
'WANTfI> — First-class cook for logging crew;
* wage* $<:i [ , T tnor>tb and board. Bax Z'-'.'.fc.
' CaU.
WANTED — A good will man and ¦malga-
.n>;ittor; ¦?ate age. experience, reference and
salary «xp«cted. Box .::.:<*. Call office.
MnN fcnd »cir.fn wanted M learn the barb«r
tradf. free of charge. Western College of
a Barbers. C47 Commercial «t.
WANTED — A man, upholsterer preferred, to
take Interest in furniture t-tore. Inquire C29
Eart Miin St.. Stockton. Cal.
. TRY our men's eboen. union made, at $1 and
<1 to pair; foot-form shcx-s at $2 K>; we pay
. • i;-rej* or mail charge*. 11 3d iL.Eum. l>id.
• liOY to learn upholstering trade. 410 Devlsa-
dtro «t.
WANTED— Ctrons boy to learn carriage tlack-
2 •mlthlag. fc28 Harrison «t.
WANTED — A blacksmith. Fourteenth ave. and
X *t. South; Kestucky-stnret cars.
— 3 laborers. Fourteenth a\ - e. end N
«t. Stuth; Kertucky-street cars.
, —OLD established 2-chair barber shop; living
room?. 1<£S Mission ct.
WANTED — Kan to run branch store. Scotch
• . PiaiJ Tailors. I0C9 Market st.
TOR sale, cheap— 2-ch<Ur barber shop; going
worth reason 021 Harrison et.
3-CHAiR barber shop; first-class business; a
good chalce. 1K»4 Foloom «t.. cor. 15th.
2-f'HAIR barber ehop for sale; rent XI 50; 3
lining rooms; snap. 1547 Mission et.
T^ T - CHAIR barber shop for ea!e cheap.
WILL & FINCK. 21 O'Farrell st. .
' . . - *- •: ... ¦ .-; ... ' . •;. .¦ , . -V.* siPosition for Chemists.
Morris and Sarah Folk to Ellen A. Perry*
MONDAY. MAT 9.
Michael H. Gaffney to Mary J. Gaffney, lot
on XE corner of Polk and 'Jackson streets E
47:6 by N 97:2%: gift.
John LC Haskell to Robert Pieper. lot on
XE corner of Gr«?n street and Van Ness ave
nup. N 45 by E 125: $20,000.
Caroline J. Harrison to Fabian Joost Com
pany, lot on N line of Fulton street, 100 W of
Potk. W 50 by N 120; $10.
William and Caroline Ottenheimer to Charles
G. Minlfle lot on S line of Washington street,
C8:9 W of Webster. W 25:3 by S 127:S»4: $10.
It. Bpers and Minnie E. Loos to J. A. Hiero
nimtia. lot on R line of Union street". 168:0 W
of Klllmore. W 25 by S 137 :«; $10.
I Mary L. Lancaster to' Louise Lancaster, lot
! on SE corner of Golden Gato avenue and Scott
street. E 25 by S 10»:6: gift.
' Charles S. Neal to Theresa A. Oelrlchs and
Virginia Vanderbllt. lot on NW corner of But
ter and DevJsadcro streets, N 40 by W 1C0.
and interest In estate of Caroline D. Fair.
27.207: $5.
David U. Bcfcsions to Mary K. Sessions lot
on E line of Lyon streets, O2:S!4 S of Jackson
S Si by E 01 ; clft.
Emma F. MrGovefn (formerly Jessup) to
Frank T. Thunberg. lot on E line of Central
avenue 75 S of Turk street, 8 25 by B 100; $5
Baird Estate to Hugh Keenan, lot on N line
I of Hatgnt street. 118 :» E of Masonic avenue.
E 150 by N 137:ti; ?10.
HRXTj ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
CHERBOURG— Arrived May 10— Stmr Graf
¦\Valdersee, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 10— Stmr
Oceanic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
HAMBURG— Arrived May 8 — Stmr Bluecher.
from New York. \
ANTWERP— Arrived May 10— Stmr Monta
zuma, from St. John.
BOSTON— Arrived May 10— Stmr Romanic,
from Naples.
LONDON — Arrived May. 10— Stmr Mesaba,
from New York.
COOS BAT— Sailed May 10— Stmr Alliance,
for Astoria. ¦ •
EUREKA— Sailed May 10— Stmrf Spokane
and Eureka, for San Francisco; stmrs Noyo
and Iaqua. for San Pedro.
ABERDEEN— Sailed May 10— Schr A, J.
"West, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 10 — Stmr Montara,
hence May 6.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 10.
Stmr Maggie, Cornlngr, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
SAILED.
Tuesday, May 10. •
Stmr National City. Hammar, Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ,
Late Shipping Intelligence.-
NEW YORK, May 10.— The follow
ing CaUforniana have arrived at the
hotels:
From San Francisco — Mrs. Burns,
at the St. Denis; R. S. Sherman, at the
Imperial; J a S. Arquello, at the Cri
terion; M. Benquait and W. F. Board
man, at the Imperial; J. A. Cooper, at
the Astor; J. O. Gautner, at the Hoff
man; S. Lagan, at the Astor; O. V.
Mayne and M. Mazzanvelch, at the
Rossmore; E. W. Morton, at the New
Amsterdam: J. J. Pratt, at the Im
perial; T. M. Smith, at the Rossmore.
From San Jose — D. Palmer and
wife, at the Gilsey.
From Los Angeles — A. C. Kennedy,
at the Gerard. .
Californlans in New York.
Do (rtd 6e. — — |S P of C 6s
r>o 6s — 10.1 1 (H«fr;,,<= r A.lOISi
I.AP lcin 5s.ini _ j (U0S)Sr B.102'4 —
Mkt-rt C fio.115 119'4l <l»0G) HMH
Do lcin 5s.li::%114 ! '),( <1»12) , ' us
MV&Ml TIis.101 - ;SPC 1 eg 58.110 _
NRR of CGe.lCT 107%] Do stmpd. .107?; —
Do Cf II614117 |S P B R 6s 132
N P C R 5s. — 107 |S V Wat 6s!lO5 —
N C Ry bf..W9 — I Do 4s 2dm. 09 09*4
N C P C .'*. M KB I Do 4s 3(Jm. 99"4 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coeta 37 40 (Port Costa... _ __
Marin Co... — 61 is V TV Co.. 371$ —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. 3 - IB F Q 4 E fTK erxt.
Mutual EL. 11 12 Istkn G&E 4 52
I'ac L Co... 86 — |L'G4ECo. — C3
INSURANCE.
Fi.-em's Fnd — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Hk.125 — iLPi a. lCU -_
Anslo-Oal .. 82*4 W |M<-r TruM _ 02*
. Itsnkof C«J. — — (Merch E..." SO _
Ffm^N.tPo^i - *- ! S F X « tlon *» ~ ~
'.-' SAVINGS BANKS
Or S & L.2260 2350 jPav & t, S o _ loo
Hum S A- L. - - Sec 8«v Bk _ 1$
Mutu.I tav.jno _- union T Co _ _
e T Sav U.C25 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
< - «lifoniia .. — 200 | Presidio -314 _
rOU'DER.
CUtit C0'.4 — iViKorit o; 4 «
SUGAR. * » *
Itana P Co. — 40c IKilaura S C. .1 4
Hawaiian C 4»% 50 IMakawell O 20« _
Honokaa S C II Vi — lOnotnea S C. -4 -t\l
Hutch 6 P C 8 — IPaahau S C. 13 1314
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 140141*1 fOceanJc S C. 41; 414
Cal F C A. — lOO^IPac Aux FA. 5 «
Cal Wine A. fil'4 — llac C Borax. 1C5 1«7
MV&Mt Tm.100 — | »w» it,i
Morning Session.
Board —
SO Cat Wine Association.... 91 23
lu Ca.1 Win* Association 91 3714
ft Cal Wine Association 91 50
$34<00 Hawaiian Com'l & Surar 5s.. 98 00
M Hutchin»on S P Co...... 0 1214
165 Hulchlnson S P Co » (to
» Makawclf 20 25
94.0TJO Pacific Electric Ry 5s 10i 75
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Patents issued: California — Eben J.
Beane, San Francisco, means for sink
ing oil well casings; Edward Brooke,
San Diego, quartz mill; Louis Brand,
Los Angeles, picture frame; Larg G.
Calkins, assignor of half-interest to H.
H. Calkins, Santa Monica, oil burner;
Arthur M. Carrier, Fruitvale, lock and
latch; Martin Doerr, San Jose, mas
saging instrument; Thomas J. Gorman.
San Francisco, tool holding attach
ment; Stephen C. Hough ton, San Fran
cisco, telephone attachment; Millard F.
Hudson, Los Angeles, wrench; John D.
Isaacs, Oakland, and J. B. Speed,
Berkeley, piping fluids; Ernest W.
Jackson, Sausalito, oil burner; Freder
ick W. Jones, Santa Paula, casing
swage; John Korfel, Los Angeles,
doughnut frier and drainer; Henry A.
Kurlfinkle, San Francisco, holder for
belling hams; Timothy Mahoney, San
Francisco, •electric railway; Omer A.
Mann and W. J. Evans, Oil Center,
fishing tool for sucker rods; Dosier H.
Mosteller, assignor of half-interest to J.
Hoeges, San Francisco, oil burner;
Emphrey J. Rubstrom, Felton, plow;
Charles Schropke, San Francisco,
cigarette roller; Samuel T. Wallace, Los
Angeles, copper mill; William T. Wylie,
San Francisco, fruit jar cover holder.
Oregon— Max Terletzky, Goble, lock
ing garment hanger;' Charles D. Wil
liams, Dillard, attachment for, type
writers; Louis J. and L. U. Ward, Olex,
weeder and cultivator; Gustave A.
Sacks, Eugene, burglar alarm.
Washington— Charles Coleman and A.
N. Gregory, Index, door fastener;
James S. Hussey, Spokane, valve; Er
nest A. Jones, Sunset, grain briddle;
Frank McCowan, A. G. Loundagin and
W. A. Williams, Walla Walla, platform
attachment for harvesters; Henry G.
Rooslow, Spokane, exposure index for
photographic plate holders;* Herman H.
Sievert, Walla Walla, thermometer
case; ; Richard J. Weken, Everett, auto
matic train pipe coupling for air brakes.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— James B.
F. Millar of Dixon, Cal., is appointed
to the Indian school at Riverside.
Frank F. Hess of Stanford University
is appointed an aid in the Geological
Survey service.
Postmaster commissioned: Washing
ton — Jacob L. Phillips, Markham.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ment in the Riverside Indian
School.
James B. F. Millar Gets an Appoint-
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
GETS DAMAGES FOR INJURIES.— A Jury
In Judge Hunt's court yesterday save Angelo
Marcheslni a verdict for i-100 damages against
Rosa Scharetg. owner of a dray that ran over
the plaintiffs foot and crushed It. He sued fur
$15,000.
The county and Congressional cau
cuses which will select the delegates
to the National Convention will be
held to-morrow.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., May 10. — The
Republican State Convention for the
purpose of choosing delegates to the
National Convention at Chicago was
called to order to-night.
The committee on resolutions.draft
ed the platform, which is expected to
be an adaptation of that presented to
the Rhode Island Republican conven
tion.
Delegates to National Convention Are
to Be Named To-Day.
CONNECTICUT REPUBLICANS.
P. R. Lund, chief train agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, has gone
to Los Angeles to establish an inf6r
mation bureau there on lines similar
to the one in this city. The new de
partment will be in charge of D. M.
Calkins, assistant train agent, who was
recently transferred from Ogden.
William H. Snedaker, general agent
of the Illinois Central road, and his
wife leave Monday for a trip abroad.
They expect to be gone about three
months, during which they will visit
all the important points in Europe.
On their way home they will visit the
St. Louis Exposition. During the ab
sence of General Agent Snedaker he
will be represented here by James R.
Keith, local passenger agent of the
road.
George J. C. McMullin. with the
Grangers' Business Association, leaves
to-day for a trip through the Eastern
and Western States, to be absent a
month or two. .
Mrs. David Belasco, wife of the
playwright, and her two daughters are
here on a pleasure trip and staying at
the St." Francis.
Mrs. R. A. Donaldson, wife of the
assistant general passenger agent of
the Southern Pacific Company, has de
parted for Pittsburg to visit her
daughter.
E. W. Giddings, a capitalist of Colo
rado Springs, and family are at the St.
Francis.
Raleigh L. Barcar, newspaper man
and hotel proprietor of Vacaville, is at
the Lick.
W. C. Bristol, a merchant of Port
land, and his wife are registered at
the St. Francis.
W. D. Washburn of Chicago, who is
interested in mines in Arizona, i3 at
the St. Francis.
Dr. C. L. McCracken of Pescadero
and Dr. M. B. Coverill of San Diego
are guests at the Grand.
Bank Commissioner Guy Barham
and wife arrived yesterday from Los
Angeles and registered at the St.
Francis.
Charles E. Shaw, a prominent resi
dent of St. Louis, is at the St. Francis.
John A. Cisco, a retired merchant
of New York, is staying at the St.
Francis.
Dr. James T. Martin of Sacramento
is at the Palace.
George L. Hoxie, a fruit packer of
Fresno, is at the -Lick.
PERSONAL.
The members of the class attended
"The Runaway Girl" at the Tivoli
Opera-house and after the show re
paired to the banquet. Speeches were
rendered by Drs. Boxton and Bryant
of the faculty. These were fallowed
by toasts by the various members of
the class
The graduates were as follows: J. E.
Welder, H. C. Mentz, B. Blasser, A. J.
VechI, H. D. Smith, E. H. Alsberg. E.
L. Dornberger. A. A. Acher. Shirley
Ashby, G. B. Yount, A. Steinwand, R.
Moore, R. J. Blauer, A. F. Grittner,
Q. E. Wallace, E. Badgely, C. W. Scott.
L. H. Marks, C. H. Schultz. R. R.
Castle, F. G. Rees and Mr. Prince.
The annual banquet of the graduat
ing class of the dental department of
the College of Physicians and Sur
geons was held Monday night at a
downtown rotisserle.
Recipients of Degree of D.D.S. From
College of Physicians and Sur
geons Make Merry.
GRADTJATjIx'g CLASS HOLDS
ITS ANNUAL BANQUET
TACOMA. May 10. — The fight for
the Gubernatorial nomination at to
morrow's State Republican convention
is ¦ remarkable for its strenuosity.
There are eight or ten candidates. The
cpnvention will meet at 10 o'clock to
morrow morning.
The southwestern counties have
combined for Coiner of Lewis County
for Governor, with the exception of
Chehalis County, which refuses to en
ter the agreement.
The northwestern counties form a
Mead combination.
King and Pierce county steering
committees met at 2 o'clock. The Hc-
Bride delegates met this afternoon
and have agreed to stand pat with
their full strength.
Republican State Convention In Wash
ington Promises to Be
Exciting.
MANY CANDIDATES FOR
GUBERNATORIAL* HONORS
At the .conclusion of to-day's inquest
It was decided that nothing further
could be gained by holding the body
here longer, consequently the special
train which brought the brothers of
the dead man, physicians and detec
tives to the scene this afternoon- will
leave at 4 o'clock "Wednesday morning.
It was stated to-day by persons close
to the Wentz family that the question
of reward will be settled as to the
amount and time of payment after the
verdict is rendered. There is a great
difference of opinion as to the cause of
Wentz's death, whether accidental, sui
cide or murder.
BRISTOL, Va.. May 10.— The shrunk
en and decayed body of Edward L.
Wentz was literally taken to pieces this
afternoon by physicians and detectives
In the course of the Coroner's Inquest,
which was begun at i o'clock in the
dark cavern of Black Mountain and
was closed without a verdict by the
coming of night. Many now believe his
death was a case of suicide. At 7:20 the
jury adjourned until a: 30 a. m. to-mor
row, when another session will likely
be held at Big Stone Gap and many
witnesses will be heard.
A 32-caliber pistol ball was found In
the body, which might have been dis
charged from the empty pistol of the
same caliber found eighteen feet awa>
from the remains. The ball had passed
through the fifth rib, entering in front,
and had penetrated the heart. Several
holes were found in the clothing where
other bullets entered, but beneath them
the body was intact. A white pearl
button, which could not have belonged
to the murdered man, was found near
by. Many articles in his pockets were
found intact.
TRENTON, N. J., May 10.— In the Re
publican State Convention, held here
to-day for the purpose of electing dele
gates to the national convention, the
only hitch In the programme was an
unexpected objection to the election of
the four men who had been named for
the honor. These four were Governor
Murphy, United States Senators Kean
and* Dryden and State Assessor Baird
of Camden.
William Howland of North Plainfleld
objected to Mr. Baird in behalf of his
county, Somerset, but on the roll call
Governor Murphy and Senators Kean
and Dryden received every one of the
920 votes of the convention, and Baird
received all the votes except six of the
seventeen votes that were cast by Som
erset.
The alternates at large were elected
without opposition. These were Secre
tary of State Dickinson, Senator Me-
Kee, Clarence Breckinridge and Grif
fith Lewis.
The platform adopted by the conven
tion was a strong indorsement of the
Republican National and State admin
istrations and indirectly favored the
nomination of President Roosevelt to
succeed himself, although, in keeping
with the policy that has always pre
vailed in this Sta,te, the delegates were
not instructed.
Resolutions were also adopted as
suring "W. D. Mahon, president of th«
national organization of employes, who
participated In the deliberations, here
two weeks ago, of the gratitude of the
local members of the association and
thanking him for his services. i\ notner
resolution condemned the recent at
tacks made on President Cornelius and
expressing the confidence of Division
No. 5 In his integrity in following out
its wishes and instructions during tha
late trouble.
The members of the Amalgamated
Association of Street and Electric Rail
way Employes of America held a meet
ing last evening at which they fully
discussed the settlement of the recent
troubles with the United Railroads and
finally adopted the following resolu
tions calling on all members of the
organization to abide by the agreement
entered Into between the company and
Its employes:
Whereas, A satisfactory settlement has been
reached covering the hours of labor, wages and
working conditions between our organization
and the United Railway Company for the com
in* year: therefore be it
Resolved. That revision No. 205 of th« Amal
gamated Street Railway Employes, in regular
meeting assembled, does hereby call upon and
Instruct all of its members to do all In their
power to carry out the spirit of this contract
and promote peace and harmony between th»
company and our aMsociation by the perform
ance of their labor to the best of their ability
to the interest of the company and the w»l
fare of the puhllc and thus carry out the prin
ciples of our organization, which hold that
trade union men above all others should set a
jroo<1 example as good air! faithful workmen,
performing their duties to their employers with
honor to themselves and their organization.
Platform Contains a Very
Strong Indorsement of the
President . of the- Nation
SENATORS ON THE LIST
EXPECT FUTURE PEACE
Cornelius Receives a Tote
of Confidence and Mahon
Is Thanked for Services
Only One Bullet Is Found
in Body, but Clothing Is
Punctured Several Places
JURY INSPECTS SCENE
By Resolution They. Agree
to Carry Out the Spirit
of Contract With Company
Republicans Hold State Con
vention and Choose Their
Representatives^ Trenton
3Iany Believe Young Mil
lionaire Killed Himself
While Alone in Mountains
NAME DELEGATES
IN NEW JERSEY
WENTZ'S DEATH
IS QUESTION
CARMEN PLEDGE
THEIR LOYALTY
SO S V Gas and Electric C2 25
115 Spring Valley Water Co 38 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$2.tOO Hawaiian Coni'l & Sugar 5n 9S 00
1U Honokaa S Co...- U 50
5« Hutchlnson S 1' Co 9 00
US F Gas & Electric 62 00
2Oli S P Gas- & Electric 62 25
$2jtO<> t> P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). ..HIS 00
25 Sprlrg Vnlley Water Co 38 25
125 Spring Valley Water Co 38 00
J5 Spring Valley Water Co 37 87Va
$l.d|0 S V 4s <2d mortgage) 9i» 00
$3.«.l0 S V 4s <2d mortgage) W 25
Street —
$6,000 Northern Ry of Cal Cs 10. 2o
$5.0«n» SF & S J V 5s 116 50
| |45,OuO SP Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). .108 00
I Unlisted Securities.
i MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
J Bid.Ask.! Bid.Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 9W IS P C R 5s. — 1C0
B L Wat «s. — 117iilS P Co 4V4s.lOO9i —
C NW R 5s. — 112 ISun Tel Cs..ll3 —
'MCWatSs.lOO — I Do 5s — 105
.Rli»donIW6« — U7>4iSutter-st 6s. .105 UK
SF Drydk 5s — 113%iUR of SF 4s. 79>« "9^
KF &. NP 5«. — 111* 4 ]
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 6 Co... 24*i 27'^IMat Nav Co. — 90
Am Bit Co. — — (Mills Ntl Bk — —
Cal Cot M'.ls 86 — |Nev Ntl Bk.. — 2C0
Cal G&E Cor 43 50 |N S R R.. »\i —
C Jockey Cl. 130 150 IN C P Co.. 11 11%
Cal Powder. ISO — |Oak Bk Sav,112>4 —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 |Oak T Con.. 75' —
j Cal T I & T. — 135 IOOF Hall A 6 —
Oen Bk Oak. C3 05^ | Orpheum Co. 14 *4 16 &
I Chutes Co... — 7%iP C Cas Co.120 —
1 City & C Bk — 112 !Pac S Tel..— 102
Cyp L Imp.. 6 — Pac Srty Co. — —
East Dynm.. — 250 Paraf Paint. 38 — |
DuP P<Jr pfd 75 5>0 S F Drydock. 60 —
Do com... — 50 SF&8J Coal 25 32VS
FN Bk Oak. J 20 — S J Wat Co. — 106
! Fischer Thtr — 75c SO&Tgbt Co. 125 —
iFrnch-A Bk.105 — |Swlss-A Bk..ll5 —
! Gas Con A.. — 22 iTruckee Elec 12V» 12^
Hono P Co.. — 14«4|UR InCo pfd. 45 —
Lon S F Bk — 60 | Do com .... 9 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Street—
$12,000 U R.R of S F 4s 79 25
! Afternoon Session.
i Btr«et — ,
J $13,000 U R R of 8 F 4» 79 25
j California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 4fi
Af«<x-iated Trust Cert 19 'M
Caribou 4 30 fi Oo I
Ctntial Point Con 70
Chicago Crude 20 21
] t'lartmont CO («4
Four CO «2
Fulton 3 75 1
i Giant 15 '
, Hanford 190 00 i
'• Home 1 57>i 1 «0 I
'Imperial 16 OO
j Indejwndenee 2S 30
i Junction 12 15
I Kern 4 !«O 5 25
Kcm River 10 50
Lion 01 02
I Monarch (of Arizona) , 40
I Monte Cristo 6fl 70
Occidental of W Va 10
Oil City Petroleum 47 48 j
Peerless 14 OO
1 Senator t>7
'Sovereign 44
! Sterling 2 50
i Superior 03
Tblrtv-Thr**- ' 7 5'>
Twenty-Eight 7 00 7 75
Associated Bonds 7'.»
Monarch Pool S6
\Vnba«h Oil 48 60
i MiFc«llaneou!> —
I Abb? Land A- Inipt 1P0
! Cal Gas <& Electric Corp 3? OO
I fa! Shipping Co 20 00
i Chutes Company 7 50
I Cyr>ress Lkwii Impt Co 7 00
! FiEchrr's Theater 40 50
! Northern Cal Power 11 CO 12 00
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
j l«l Hi-mc 160
! 850 P^t Center 0.1
25 Peerless (b 90) 14 00
j 200 Oil City Petroleum 47
Afternoon Session.
Strtet—
! 500 Heine » 160
¦Board—
, 25<X) Independence ••• 2S
100 Hem.- 157^j
I 300 YVabesh 50
Mining Stocks.
I
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following werp the eales on the San Fran
| Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
I 500 Alpha 10) 800 Mexican 18a
| 600 Andes 21) 200 Ophlr 5 25
; 20O Caledonia ... 00! 100 Overman i9
i SCO Chollar 19! 300 Potosl 16
I 400 Con C & Va.l SO! 100 Seg Belcher .. 09
! 100 Confidence ...1 Or.T 100 Sierra Nev .. 45
1 Kfl Gould & Cur. 19| 100 Silver Hill .. 59
¦ ion Gould & Cur. 2(»l 300 Yellow Jacket. 2W
I ."00 Justice 10;
Afternoon Session.
, 000 Andes 21) ]0f» Ophir 6 124 1
! 10O Challenge Con 20! .TOO f-avasre .')2
i 5<>0 Chollar 1S| 300 Savage 31
f 200 Gould & Cur. If i 10<» Sierra Nev .. 45 (
; BOO Kentuck 103 100 Union Con .. «5
! 2C0 Mexican 1 80; 800 Yellow Jacket. 19 j
j 100 Mexican 1 S5|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wore the sales on the Pacific
, ; Stock Exchange yesterday:
Momlnjr Session.
t 500 Andes 22; 200 Crown Point.. 15'
i .Vio Andffi 21 1 100 Hale & Norc. «2
I 100 Belcher 25| 300 Ophlr 5 2s
j r.(H» Caledonia ... W>j 100 Savage 35
20<i Caledonia ... filt 300 Union Con .. 67
B00 Chollar 20| 100 Union Con .. 68
850 Con C & Va.l 50|
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 10| 200 Mexican 1 80 i
700 Andeg 21| 5O Ophlr 5 25:
WO Challenge Con 22; 100 Ophlr 5 12>4 !
i 100 Chollar l«i COO Overman 27
1 10<i Con C & Va.l TA\ 200 Overman 28
! 200 C C & Va.l 4741 100 Union Con 67
' 20«i Exchequer .. 32 2oO Union Con.... 66
100 Exchequer ... 3l| ZOO Yellow Jacket. 20
I 300 Mexican ...1 Sl^i!
'¦ TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
i Following were the sales on the San Fran
; Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
\f ' Morntng Session.
flDOO HacNamara . 18] 400 Ton Belmont.. 72
100 Mont Ton ...1 65| 200 Ton Midway.. 40
I 100 Ton Beknont. 71U900 Ton Midway.. 39
j Afternoon Session.
i^tooo "icXamara < 19! 500 Rescue 06
i 1000 Mont Ton..l 62%! 100 Ray tc OBrien 08
3T<0 Mont Ton ...1 6.">jls00 Ton Belmont.. 73
100 Rescue 071 500 Ton N Star.. 30
* CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. May 10—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask.; Bid.Ask.
Alpha 09 10;Ju«tic«s 10 ll
Alta 07 tt»i Kentuck 02 04
Andes 20 21IKeyes Graes.. — 1 00
Belcher 24 25! Lady Wash .. — 06
Best &. Belch.l 50 1 Sf.iMexican 1 80 1 85
Bullion C8 OHIOccidental ... 70 »»
Calrdonla ... 60 C2jOphlr 5 12^5 25
Challenge Con 22 23 r Overman 27 28
Chollar 17 l«|Pctosi 14 16
Confidence- ...I JO 1 l.MScorpion n 54
Con C & Va.l 4.'< 1 GnjSavage 31 32
Con Imperial. 01 02; Seg Belcher ..08 O»
Con NY 02 (X'SlSierra Nev ..43 44
Crown Point. 1» 20] Silver Hill .. 57 r.n
East Sierra N 00 — |St Louis 09 10
Eureka Con.. — K) Syndicate .... (VI 06
Exchequer .. -29 31 Union Con ..65 66
Gould & Cur. 18 19|Utah 08 09
Hale & Norc. 50 S9|Yellow Jacket. 18 20
Julta 05 071
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask. I - Bid.Ask.
Colehan — 07 Ton Belmont.. 73 74
ESp«ranza ... — 01 Ton & Cal ..10
Gold Anchor. — 32 Ton Cash Boy 08
Oold M Con. 02 06 Ton Ex ...1 1214 1 20
Hannapah ... — 101 Ton & G W.. 03
Little Ton ..25 — ITonGold M.. 15 _
MacNamara . 18 19|Ton of Nev.. .9 00
Mont Ton ...1 65 1 70 Ton N Star... 28 30
Paymaster ... 03 — Ton Midway.. 39 40
Pine Grove . . W) — Ton &. Salt L. 20
Ray Ton ... 11 lSITon Superior.. — n.
Ray & OBrien 04 OSlUnlted Ton ..13 —
Rescue 06 07|
Ephralm E. and Harriet Enlow to Mary M.
Yancey. lot on N line of Clement str»rt. 82:6 E
of Twenty-eighth avenue, E 25 by N 10O; $ki.
McEwen Brothers to Edith Merrlck. lot on
N line of Clement street. 110 W of Twenty
first avenue. W 25 by N 100: $10.
Mary EC Ball (wife of J. Frank) to Mary R.
McLay. lot on W line of Fourth avenue, 200 N
of Clement street. N 25 by^W.120; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Charles E. Thomas, lot on E line of
Fifth avenue. SCO N of Point Lobos, N 25 by B
120- $5.
Charles E. and Lucy Thomas to Manuel Gar
da. Mtn«: $10.
Frank J. and Clara I. Mayhew to Alta C.
Studley. lot on S line of B street, 32:0 E of
Tenth avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Sophie Helnecke to Jay D«mlng. lot on -K
line of Seventh avenue. 175 S of C street. S 25
by E 120; $10.
Susan. Emma F. and Mary, Elliot to Solo
mon Gets, lot on E line of Forty-seventh ave
nue. 50 N of K street. N 50 by E 107:0; $10
Solomon and Dora Getz to Ella J. Prondnr
gaet. lot on S line of K street. 57:6 E of
Twenty-third avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Eliza Stern to Edmund Dugan. lot on S line
of Rlchland street. 150 E of South E 25 by S
100. lot 3. block 8, Holljf Park; $400.
Gcoree and Kate Kv an ' to Alfred Hau&io. i—
lot on'W line of Tremont street, 106 S of Fred- ,
' erick S 44 by W 80; $10.
Ellen A. and M. D. Perry to Hartie R. Cai«. j
I same; $10 '
I Henrietta Sittenfeld to Louis G. Hartter,
I lot on N line of Fulton street, 28:10 W of Par- |
I ker avenue- W 25, N 114.5'J NE 23.01, S'
113.85; $10. ' I
Same to Daniel R. McNcill, lot on NE corner I
of Fulton and North Stanyan streets, N 125, SW •
5;j.0G. S 123.16. W 63; $10.
j Giles H. ana George 1J. Gray and as trustees
for Edward 1'. Gray and Emma G. Wright to
Mary K. Amps, lot ori N line of Sacramento
Blr.*>t. l«4:»i W of Cherry, W 27 by N 127:814.
quitclaim deed; #10.
Mary E. Ames to H. B. Pinney, Fame; $10.
Amelia F. and Adolph F. Hagemann to
Frank C. Heely. lot on N line of Fifteenth
street, 178:8 W of Guerrero. N 100, E 14:6,
sw 101:0 W: 5io.
Mary E. and Norman L. Woodbeck to James
H. Doran lot on W line of Capp street. 160
S of Seventeenth, S 25 by W 122:6; *10.
James H. and Ellen M. Doran to Mary El
Woodbeck. lot on W line of Capp street, 110
S of Seventeenth. S 50 by W 122:6; $10.
Bridget Clifford to Peter N. Melby, lot on
S line of Seventeenth street, 145 W of Mis
sion W 27 by S 1U0; $10.
W. E. Peacock to E. Cohn, lot on S line of
Liberty street, 135 W of Valencia. W 25 by
S 115; also lot on SE corner of Franklin and
Francisco streets, E 124 :.i by S «:S:9; also
lot on S line of Sixth avenue. 230 E of K
street. S 100. E 141:9. NE 10ti:l. W 106:10,
block 120, Clinton Park; also lot 807, gift
map 2; also lot on W line of Valencia street,
10T< S of Twenty-fifth, S 25 by W HO; also lot
on N line of Twenty-fourth street. 228:4 \\
of Ellen, W Bl:8 by N 114; also lot on N line
of Twenty-fourth street. 176 2-3 W of Ellen, 1
W 51:8 by N 114; also lot on N line of Fifth j
avenue, 431 W of JI street, W 81:1". N to
Fourth avenue, E. 131-.5, SW 205. block 82,
Potrero Viejo; alFO lot on N line of Fifth
avenue. 87:2 E of N street, N 205. W lOt, |
S 200. E 87:2: also all interest In driveway |
running o» Fifth avenue from Railroad to M
street: also lot 5, block 77, University Mound;
$10.
Anna M. Theuerkauf et al. to Lloyd and |
Mary T. Dibert lot on W line of Dolores
street. 240:10% N of Seventeenth, N 25, SW
at angle 105:1*4. S at angle 25. E at angle
104:30; $10. '
W. and Tlllie KHnger to Nettle Barnett. un
divided H of lot on SW corner of Market and j
Sanchez streets. SW 83:4, SE 87:6, N 128:3; i
! $10.
Catherine Jones to Francis J. and Victoria
Meyers, lot on W line of Guerrero street. 90
S of Twenty-third W 112:7%, SW to point 117
I S of Twenty-third. E 116, N 27; $10.
¦ Freddie Bellemere to Lulgl Cuneo. lot on
N line of Twenty-ninth street, 154:5 E of
Dolores. E 27:1 by N 114; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to James and
: Hannah Curtin, lot on NW corner of Twenty
fifth and Douglass streets, N S5 by W 125;
[ $1500.
PoOn Gay, Poon Chun Qul. Poon Shun and
Poon Leone She. by I). TV. Lorlng and C F.
Rlllet, trustees, to Continental Building and
i T^oan Association. lot on N line of Pacific
I street. 103:6 E of Stockton. E 34:414 by N
! 117.6; 51571.
Michar I H. Gaffney to Mary J. Gaffney. lot
on NW rorner of Lombard and Wlnthrop
! street* also distant 183:4 E of Kearny, W
40:7. N «S:9 W 51:1, N 21:8^, E 01:8. 8
90:5H: Rift.
L. S. B. and Clara M. Sawyer to Alexander |
G. Eells lot on W line of Hyde street, 74 8
of Post. S 20:1 by W 56; $10.
Thomas M. Matthews, Sarah M. Handy j
and Katherlne McClellan to Frank A. Meyer [
and Michael H. Dignan. lot on S line of Turk
street. 162:3«i» K of Larkln, E 66:10»«, S 137:6. i
W 67:3%. N 137 :»1: $10.
Jan»es McGregor to Mary J. McGregor, lot '
on SW line of First street. 80 SE of Bryant.
SE 80 by SW 54:2: gift. . •
Margaret Barrett et al. to Dominican Col- I
lege, lot on B line of Twenty-third avenue, !
200 S of California street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Dominican College to Bernhard Getz, same;
$500.
State of Cs.lifoi-r.ia by K. J. Smith, Tax Col
lector (assessed to F. A. Rouleau), to J. J. J
Dowlinjr. lot on SE corner of Forty-third and
Point Lobos avenues, E 23:10. SW f>3:5. N|
95:6; fl75. *
Jc-ppphin* P. Lull to Louis L. Lawton, lot
on SW cornpr of Twenty-seventh and Point
Lrbos avenues. W 0." by S 125; $10.
Mary. Elizabeth, Andrew and Amelia E.
MeKnlght and Agnes McK. Wilson to Samuel
J. McKnifht. lot on W line of Eighteenth !
avenue. 1"OO S of A street. S 25 by W 120, j
and property out of county; $10. |
Mary. Elizabeth. Samuel. FMlth E.. Andrew j
and Amelia E. McKnlgbt to Apnes MrK. Wit- ,
*>on lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue. 225 \
S of A street. S 26 by W 120: $10. \
Jacob Hpyman Company to Wallace C. Wise. I
lot on SW corner of Forty-pfchth avenue and
J street. W 47:G by S S7:6; 510.
American'Land and Trust Company to Mary
E. FordlnR- (wife of Isaac N.), lot on E line
of Forty-first avenue, 100 N of J street. N
75 by E 120; ?10.
Same to Catherine Repvey, lot on E line
of Forty-first avenue, 375 S of I street. S 25
by E 120; $10.
Albert Meyer to Sarah R. Nace, lot on S I
line- of M Ftreet. 100 E of Forty-sixth avenue.
E 40. S 100. W 40 N CO. W 100, N 25, E
100. N 27: $10.
Peter and Annie M. Jensen to Charles
Scliaufec. lot? 3*0 and 3»?. fdft man 1: $10.
Bernard and Felecine Casson to Joseph and
Agathe Marion, lot on W- l!nf or Exeter (Starr)
street, 50 S of Paul avenue. S 25 by W 100. lot
22. block 4. Garden Tract Homestead; $10. •
David A. Baum to Charles T. Spnder, lot 4,
block 2. Sunnyvale Hompstead Association; $10.
Thomas. P. H. and EHzabpth Whltelaw to
same. lot 5. Mock 2. Fame; $10.
J. T. Rlor>mfiel<1 to Joseph B. Coryell. lots 1
and 2. block 1. same; $10.
Same to same, lots S and 4 block 3, same;
$10. I
A C. Freeman to H. N. and George F. Gray,
block 13 map A. Castrr>-rtreet Addition; $5000. |
Emily' H., Eva M.. Walter I. and Ruth A. I
Brown, minors (by Emma H. Brown, guardian) ¦
to Annie G. Freeman, undivided two-fifteenths
of let on NE line of Precita avenue. :!00 NW ,
of Shotwell street. NW 24. N 157. NE 24. S |
I5T; also undivided three- thirtieths or lot on j
NE line of Precita avenue. 324 NW of Shotwell I
street NW 33X>. N 133 NK 40 S 157; $400.
Ella J. and William H. KniRht to David M.
Ahern. lot 9, block 34, Paul Tract; $50.
Edward Ewald to I.oul5a Malloy. lot at ln
i tersectlon of N line In NE '4 of Section 24. j
Township 2 S. R 6 W. and line of San Miguel '
Rancho. W 27 chains to Winters SW corner, i
S 40 chains, E 14 chains, NE to beginning;
$1200.
TUESDAY. MAY 10.
j • John W. Quick to Hugh Keenan, lot on N
line of Page street. 27:0 E of Webster, E 25
by N 05; $10. /
Estate of Ottilia Mau. by William F. and
Arthur H. C. Man, executors, to . James Otis, I
lot on*S line of Broadway. 137:tJ W of Web- J
ster street, W 50 by S 137:6; $21,500.
James Larkey, alias McLarkey, to Mary '
Larkey, lot on NW corner of WebEter and i
Filbert streets, N 30 by W 87; gift. I
Bertie, alias Bertha, and Sig, alias Slg- '
mund. Kaufmann to Richard Hutshlng, lot on \
S line of Sacramento street, 165" E of Baker,;
E 27:0 by S 132:7>4, quitclaim deed; $10. j
Richard and Margaret Hutshlng to Truman
H. and Elizabeth Harley. same; $10.
Frederick M. Voigt and Theodore F. Veghle
to Herman Neuhaus, lot on S line of Pine
street. 87 :« W of Lyon. W 25 by S 100; ?10.
Allen E. and Jessie M. Acheson to Joseph
and Helena Morath. lot en W line of Tre
mont street, 125 S of Waller. S 25 by W 80; '
$10. . • |
Cliza Stern to Charles* H. Sherman, lot on I
N Hne of Fell street, 131:3 W of Clayton W 50
by N 137:6; $9000.
Hennette SlttcnfeW to Maria Reid, lot on ,
I N line of Fulton 128:10 W of Parker, W 25 by '
: N 117.55, NE 25.01. S 116.81; $10. i
Same to Isaac and -Jennie Ryerson, lot on I
i N line of Fulton street. 153:10 W of Parker
avenue, W 25, N 118.29. NE 25.01, S 117.55;
$10. j
Same to James B. Mahoney, lot on N line of I
Fulton street. 328:10 W of Parker W 25 N
' 123.46. NE 25.01. S 122.79; $10.
Same to William B. Dowling. lot on N line
' of Fulton street, 178:10 W of Parker W 25.
N 119.03. NE 25.01. S 118.29; $10.
Daniel Einstein to LIda E. Hennessy lot on.
N line of Sacramento street, S7:6 E of Maple.
E 25 by N Ofi; $10.
• Standard OH Company to John Cassaretto, lot
on SW corner of Dore street, 175 NW of Fol
som. NW 75 by SW S5; $100.
* Rudolph N. Gschwind and Clara Richards to
Clara. Gschwind. lot on E line of Valencia
street. 205 S of Sixteenth, S 25 by E 70, and all
Interest In estate of Remlg Gschwind; quit
claim deed; $1.
Moses and Bertha Fisher to Abraham <"W.
Johnson, lot on N line of Fifteenth street. 30 E
of Noe. E 25 by N 105; $10.
Maria Elchel to Henry and Hermine Rltt
rpann. .lot on N lin« of Ford ttreet, 150 W of
Sanchez, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Joseph F. Dolan to John and Julia Kennelly,
lot on W Hne of Noe street, 247 S of Nine
teenth. S 25 by- W 125; $10.
Estate of Mary E. Hlckey (by Michael
Hlckey, administrator) to Augustlno Muzlo.
lot on N line of Elizabeth street. 125 E of
Guerrero. E 25 by N 114: $1000.
Michael Hlckey to same, same; $1000.
.lames and Mary McDermott to Rose Me-
Elparney, lot on NW line of Clary street, 247
NK of Fourth. NE 2R by NW 75; $10.
•WilllRm and Jane >H. Miller to John A. Mil
ler, undivided one-flftoenth of lot on W line of
Tpnnessec street, 25 S of Eighteenth, S 25 by W
100; $10.
Lyman and Sarah J. Allen to Theodore J.
Gamkaufer lot on S line of Francisco street,
173:3 E of McGee avenue. E 40 by S 135:4'4,
portion of lot 4. block 3. State University
Homestead Association No. 4. Berkeley; also
deeds and quitclaims for the 4^ Inches In rear
of lot above described,, quitclaim deed; $10.
James R. and Margaret A. Little to John
E. Merrlam. lot on E line of Spauldtn* street.
50 N from SW corner of lot 31. N 50 by E
120.25 portion of lots 31 and 30. block 1,
map property and location of Spaufdlng Tract,
Berkeley ; $10.
Ida H. and Ira Sorrlck to John E. BIgelow,
lot on N lino of Channlnjr way, 230 W of Shat
tuck avenue. W 75 by N 130. lot 13 and por
tion of lot 11. block 2 Barker Tract, portion
plat OS, etc.. Berkeley: $10.
I. M. H. Jarvis (femme sole) to Robert M.
Fitzgerald. 7.035 acres beginning at SW corner
of lot No. 2 thence NE .1173.18. SE 266.28.
SW 107S.50 to center of Hopkins street (60 feet
wide). SW 121.18 NW 100.38 to beginning,
being S portion of lot 2. lands Domingo Peralta
Homestead being also lot A. subdivision of lot
2 of same, exeppt .307 of an acre, being strip
30 feet wide, right of way of Santa Fe Rail
way Berkeley: $10.
California Home Building and Loan Com
pany to Lyman Allen, lot on S line of Fran
cisco street. 133:10 E of Hamilton (now Mc-
Gee). E 30:5 by S 135:4%. portion of lot 4.
block 3. State* University Homestead No. 4,
Berkeley: $10. *
California Chinese Mission (a corportlon) to
Frederick^. Dakln lot on W line of Shattuck
nvonup. 00.06 S of Berkeley way. S 49.20. W
]ft5 50 etc . N 49 E 100. portion of lot 57 and
58 College Tract'. Berkeley; $3250.
Same to samp. 901 D. 1 lot on N line of
Tompkins, 407:10 W of Dwinelle, W 42. N
106:0, E 40, S 1:05:4, portion lot 7. block 6,
same, trustee's d^ed, Berkeley; $1390.
Same to same 8!»S D. 112. lot on N line of
Tompkins stroet 365:10 W of Dwlnelle. W 42,
N 105:4. E 42, S 104:9. portion lot 7. block 0,
samp, trustee's deed, Berkeley; $1300.
George H. and Emma Harvey to Martha A.
Simon (widow), lot on SW line of East Twen
ty-third street, 150 NW of Thirteenth avenue,
NW BO by SW 150. block 139, Clinton, East
Oakland; $1150.
The Rfralty Syndicate to Charles L. Morton,
lot 25. Piedmont Tract. Oakland Township,
deed and agreement: *if>-
Berry-Banss Land Company (corporation), re
record 057 D. 2C7. lot on W line of Hlllegass
avenue. 50 S of Stuart street. S CO by W 148,
lot 2, block H, Berry-Bangs Tract, map No. 2,
deed and agreement, Berkeley; $10.
Same to Ida May Legal, lot on W line of
Benvcr.ue avenue, 200 S of Stuart street, S
50 by W 1 IS. lot 6.. block I,. same, deed and
agreement. Berkeley; $10.
Same to Henry and Eleanore C. Prosser,
lot on W line of Regent street. 60 S of
Stuart. S 50 by W 140. lot 2. block F. same,
deed and agreement. Berkeley; S10.
G. F. and Nettle Brown, by California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, trustees, to Con
tinental Building and Loan Association, 899
D. 60, lot on N line of Tompkins street. 240
W of Dwincllp. W 41:11. N 103:7. E 41:11. S
103. portion lot 4. block C. State University
Homestead Association No. 3, trustee's deed,
Berkeley: $1300.
Same to samp. SR.1 T>. 41R, lot on N line of
Tompkins street. 281:11 W of Dwindle. W
41:11, N 104:2, E 41:1, S 103:7. portion lot
4. block 6. same, trustee's deed, Berkeley;
$1390.
Same to same. OCS t> 3. lot on N line of
Tompkins street, 32.TM0 W of Dwlnelle, W 42,
N 104 :f>, E 42. S 104:2. portion lots 4 and 7.
block 0, same, trustee'* deed. Berkeley; $1390.
J. C. and Minnie N. Baker to Hyman Davis,
lot on N line of Third street, 75 W of Frank
lin. W 75 by N 100, lots 23 to 25, block 31.
Kellersberger'g map. Oakland; $10.
Samuel Dinsmore to Annie A. 'Woodward and
Lizzie B. Clark (equal Bhares), lot beginning
68:0 from NE corner of Twenty-sixth and,
Adeline streets, N 40 by E 122. lots 1 and 2,
block N. Northern Addition. Oakland: gift.
Plummer Improvement Company to Helen
R. Halnes (wife of Henry C), lot on W line
of Warring street, 60 N of Russ, N 60 by W
335. block 0, map property of John Kearney,
Berkeley; $10
Michael Dalton to Julia Magner. undivided
half of lot on E line of Willow street. 108 N of
Seward, N 27 by E 90 lot 6. block B, Toland
Tract, Oakland; gift.
John. Lewis and Louisa Bradbury Rosarlo
Winston and Minerva Polk to Bradbury Es
tate Company, all Interest In lots 22 to 20,
map subdivision of block 567 with Improve
ments, etc.. Oakland; also N 30 feet of lot 10.
block I, map Markot-street Tract. Oakland;
also 10.42 acres beginning In center of creek
that la N boundary of plat 25 at point which
is common corner lands formerly of Reed &
Walker, thence NW 713:8. SW 33«:6, SB 62.89.
SW 357:0. SE 587:3 to point In cenUr of creek,
thence along same etc., NE 80, NE 00:4, NE
J'JQ. NE »J:4, NB 159. NE 212 to beginning,
portion plat 24. Kellersberger's map, Hanchos
P. and D. Peralta. Oakland; also B.20 acres be
ginning at Intersection of center line of York
and Chambers (Prince) streets, lands of Oak
land Prospect Homestead Association, thence
NW 62t>. NB 35S:4. SE 667:6. SW 357:8 to be
ginning:, portion plat 24. Kellersberger's map,
Ranchos V. and D Peralta. Oakland; $1.
Mary E. Jones (wife of Charles). Benjamin
F. Harrison. Florence G. Hansen (wife of
Louis T. Hansen) to Russell W. Frlerson. lot
on NE line of East Tenth street. 70 NW of
Ninth avenue. NW 70 NE 150, SE 40, SW 30,
SE 30. SW 120. block 18 Clinton, East Oak
land; $10.
Martha L., Helen C. Burroughs and Emma
A. Henderson to Mary E. Baldwin (widow),
undivided H interest in following: Lot on W
line of Morton street. 225 N of Kings avenue,
N 50 by W 160. portion lots 4 to 7, block 2.
Fitch Tract of Chapman' 3 survey of Pacific
Land Investment Company's property, Morton
street station. Alameda; also lot on NW line
of Fontainbleau avenue. 140 NE of Bast .Four
teenth or Adams street, NE 60 by NW 109:9,
block 1, map Fontainbleau Tract. East Oak
land; also lot on SE line of Ninth avenue
(Clay) 125 NE of East Twelfth (Washington)
street. NE 25 by SE 125, block 43, Clinton.
East Oakland; $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Saint Jo
seph's Home tor Deaf Mutes (corporation), lot
en E line of Telegraph avenue 88.65 S of For
ty-first street. S 20 by E 140, block O, Central
Oakland Tract. Oakland; $10.
Brooklyn Investment and Loan Association
to Walter J. Ford, lot 28, DrexUr Tract, Oak
land; f 300.
Nora Ronayne to John Hawkins, lot on SE
lino of Webster street, 125 NE of Glen avenue,
NE 50 by SE 125, portion of subdivisions 12
and 23, map of subdivisions of lots 2, 3, 4 and
42 of Map No. 2 aieji Echo Tract, Oakland; $10.
George A. and Fortuna Lewis to George E.
Pratt, lot on NW line of Howe street, 50 SW
of Amethyst, SW 75 by NW 125, lota 8. 4 and
portion or lot 2, block C. Thermal Hill (for
merly Howe Tract). Oakland: $10.
George B. and Ada H. Pratt to Realty Syn
dicate (corporation), same, Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. and S*trah E. Bancroft to same,
besinnine at N corner of lot 5 block C. thence
alone NE line of said lot SE 40. thence W to
point on NW line of said lot 5 distant 15 SW
from N corner of said lot. NK 15 to beginning,
portion of lot 15. block C, same map, Oakland;
$10.
Akunetla County.
MONDAY. MAY 0.
Jacob Heyman Company to Alice V. McCall.
lot on N line of Crescent street. 075 B of
South. B 25 by N 100 lot 89. block 8, Holly
Park: $10. '
Jettle MeSteeh to Margaret McSteen. undi
vided half of lots 835 and 817, gift map :l: gift.
Carrie E. and Henry S. Hridge to Frederick
R. and Harriet Glbbs, lot on NW line of Pros
pect street, 251 SW of Coso, SW 30 by NW
122:6; $10.
Emlle. Marie A. Charles and Marie Serveau
to Frank D. Pelicano lot on SB corner of
Guttenburg and Brunswick streets, S 165. E
104:1 to Watt avenue N 185:1. W 70:11, sub
division 72. West End Homestead; $10.
on E line of Condon street 74 N of Peralta
avenue. N 25 by E TO lot 21 map 2 George
Ryan's subdivision of ' Precita Valley 234 to
23G: $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Kate E. Mockler let on W line of Forty
fourth avenue, 125 S of L street, S 25 by W
120; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1904.
LOS VANGEL.ES, May 10. — The
school census of Los Angeles, just
completed, shows a total 'of 44^214
children under 17 years of age, which
give's the city an estimated popula
tion of 160,000. '
Los Angeles School Census..
John McAIlen Brown, a barber, re
siding in San Francisco, filed a petition
in insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes 58463
and has no assets. His principal credi
tors are Alice Brown, Petaluma, $2768
on a note; Robert S. Brown. Petaluma.
$200 on a note, and Mary C. Leaven
worth, 12500 on a note.
Insolvent Barber.
Promotion Committee's Magazine.
The May number of For California,
issued by the California Promotion
Committee, continues the story of the
adventures of "the Brown family, an
article on the olive in California by
Ellwood Cooper, "The Summer Ses
sion of the University of California,"
by Victor Henderson; "Relations Be
tween City and Country," by William
L. Willis, . and "Triennial Conclave
Knights Templar," by Herbert Choyn
ski. The frontispiece is a handsome
silhouette of the live oaks on the Uni
versity of California campus. The
marginal illustrations are by Mary C.
Brady.
A United States Civil Service ex
amination will be held in this city on
June 4 for the position of chemist in
the Bureau of Chemistry of the De
partment of Agriculture in connection
with the inspection of foreign food
products. Apply to the United States
Civil Service Cpmmission at Washing
ton. D. . C, for application form 394
and special form.
14
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Halnes. Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. May
5. 10. 15. 20. 25. 30. Juno 4.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Bel-
lincham — 11 a. m.. May 5. 10, 15. SO, 23. 30.
June 4. Change at Seattle to this company" *
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattls
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. May 4, 10. 16. 22, 23: Spokan*. 1:30
p. m.. May 1. 7. 13, 19; Corona, May 25. 31.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
i State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mont-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita, 9 a. m.. May 7. 15. 23. 31. June 8.
Santa Cruz. 9 a. m..( freight only) May 11. 19.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata* La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of e»ch>
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OmCES — ( New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Txvlght OSce, lft Market st*
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market *t.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Cow. 2O Sutter St.. will
call for and check bagirage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAI. STEAMSHIP CO.> .
Steamers will leave wharf, cornwr First *n<J
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (H!ogo>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting .*e
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. N*
cargo received on board on day of sailinr.
S S. AMERICA MAR0
Thursday. May 12. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Cons.
paoy*s office. 421 Market street, corner Flr&U
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
O. /?. & N. CO.
OREGON sails April 27. May 7. 17. 27. Jon*
8. 16 and 28. GEO. W. ELDER sails May 2.
1A 22, June 1. 11 and 21. Only steamship lln*
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through ticket*
to all points. Steamer tickets Include be.-tn
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. .*;
11 a. m. fe. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. P»«^
Dept., 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. G»p,
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oceanic s.s.co. E^}s
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, May 14. 11 ant.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Syndey, Thura.. May 2tf 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahltlt. May 29. 11 a. m.
I.D.SFBICKELS k BH01 C0.,A2t3.,Titt!t Q3C3 643 Hif-
ket St., miznt Gmc3 329 Marat st, Pisr % Pacil; ;¦.
10HFA05IS GEHERAL2 TBAKSATLANTlQrU
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. „._
tailing every Thursday instead or
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -?**?
North River, toot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. (70 and upward. S-s-
esd class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building*.
New Ycrk. J. F FUGAZ1 * CO.. Paclflc Ort*
Atrents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Frane.jca.
Ticket* »"t<1 Mr *H natlmart Ticket A«»nt«
. Kara Island and VaUoJo SttastaT*.
steamer OEN. FRIStilE or MONTICELLO—
»:4& a. m.. 3:15 and 8:^0 p. m.. except SuaiUy.
Sunday. »:45 a. ra. 8:00 p. ra. Leaves Vallelo
7 a. m.. 12:30 and « p. m- except Sunday,
fiunday. 7 a m. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50 c«a-V
Tel. Main 1508. Pier S. HUdioa-Bt Aocfc.
•WATCH BROS. '; : *
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page Eleven.
jnendng at 8:30 o'clock. Please omit flow-
er*. Interment private.
HAMMOND-ln tine city. May ». 1U04. KJna
May Hammond, beloved wile ot R. E. «*«»;;
mend, daughifr of Mr*. W. M. Rw ¦*«*«:
of Mis. <:. V. Evan*, and niece of Mrt. F. J-
Campbell, a native of Fulsom. cal.. agsd
n ye«rs S months and 22 day*.
ETFrlende and acquaintances are respect
fui'v invited to attend the tuneral *«'*'«"
to-day (Wednesday*, at 3 o'clock, at her late
residence. s«25 Geary street. Interment Sac-
ramento, CaJ. . _,
California «-iicle No. ITS. W. O \\ -VI-
.-Wrs and members of -alifornia Circle No.
Ks W O W.. you arc hereby notified to
««end the fumral Ktvtees of our late neigh-
bor. j-Mna May Hammond, to-day •Wednes-
day*, at 3 (/clock, at her late r*-»Jdcnce. 8-5
Geary street. MRS. S. C. BUNNtH.
Acting Guardian Neighbor.
Mil?. M. O. KATZ, Clerk.
Martha Washington Council No. 2. D. Of
L. — Officer? and members are hereby notified
to attend the fun«ral of our late f later,. Edna
Hammond. f>2f> Gearj' street. Wednesday, 3
o'clock MRS. C MILLER. Councillor.
ISABEL M. STRONG. Secretary.
HARTWELJ.- In this «ity. May 10. 1004.
Jerry liar/well, a native of New Orleans,
aged' ~'J v*ars.
HERING— In Newman. Cal.. May 4, IBM,
Charles Hering, husband of Mary Hering.
and father of Jim. F. Walker, Mrs. H. Wei-
lard end Louis G. Hering.
JEFFEHS— In this city. May 9, 1904, Ellen
C. beloved wife of William Jeffers. a native
of Wilmington. Delaware, aged 41 year* and
H months.
WFriends and acquaintances are re«p«ci-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May ja, et 10 o'clock, lrom her late resi-
dence. 11SS Turk atreet, thence to St. Mary ¦
Oath«-dral. where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her aoul, at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
ierj\
KILBORN-In Oakland, Cal., May 9, 1904,
Joseph G. Kilborn. beloved son of John ana
Elisabeth Kilborn. a native of Victoria, Van-
couver If land, aped 44 years.
fcTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Thursday*, at 1 o'clock from his parents'
residrnce. 514 Forty-fifth street. Oakland.
Services at the «.Tiurrh of the Sacred Heart,
.r>rner cf Fortieth and Grove streets, at 1:00
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
L.ATHROP— At Burkes Sanitarium. Sonoma
<'ounty. California. May 10. 1904, Agnes E.,
bek>ved wife of R. P. Lathrop of Hnllister,
a native of Yolo County, Cal.. aged 50 years
»nd 20 davf>.
C3*Tlie funeral will tak? place to-morrow
• Thursday*. «t 1 o'clock, from Odd Fellows*
trematorium. Point Ixibpe avenue, San Fraii-
« isco. Take Gearj'-s'reet can*.
MARIXOVICH-Jn this city. May 8. 1904,
Mihovil Marinovich. beloved son of Maiin
and the late Ovleta Marinovieh. and brother
of the l«ue Kate and I'etar Marinovieh, a
native of Uubrovnik. Dalmatla, aged 32 years
ii nionih!= and 21 days. A member of the
C:-r>atian B. S.. Zvomnslr No. Cl. N. C. S.
tyFricnds and acquaintances .<rt rj<pect-
ful!% invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Wedrtrday). at 1 o'clock. Seirtces will be
held under the auEiM<" f * of the Croatian B.
S . Zvcnimir Nc. Cl. N. C. s?.. at the
k«Jce room, Pythian Castle. 909 Market
rtreet. Interment Cyrrese Lawn Cemetery,
nanisms at the parlors of McF»dden, Mc-
Urearty & Gr?en, 1171 Mission street.
Mr-LEOP-In th!s city. May f. 19M. Sarah
UxVetA, beloved daughter of Mrs. L. John-
son. mot!:er of Oliver J. and Irene J. Me- j
!>eod. und p;Mrr of J. L. Johnson, Mr?. C\
T. Gray and Mrs. J. L. Clark. « native of.
Xm i Scotia. Canada, aged 47 >ears 4 monthe :
*nd 0 da; ¦"*.
EJ^The remains may be viewed at the par-
lors of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 225 McAllister
street, until Thursday. May 12, at 4 p. m.,
when remain* will be shipped to Mendocino
City, at 6 p. m.. for Interment. Funeral ser-
v i<~e* will be held st the Presbyterian Church, ;
M'ndrxiiic, Friday, May 1", at 3 o'clock.
MORRELl^-In I.os Angele?. Cal.. May S, 13^4,
ivtJisa M Morr*ll. beloved mother of Alice,
Btonebc and Margaret Morrell. and daughter !
of Mrs. N. A. Hortzell. a native of Iowa. !
a«red 4<> years.
O CONNELL— In this city. May 10. 19<14,
Thomas, beloved husbar.d of the late Nellie I
A. CTOonaell. father of John O'Connell, a:;d i
»>on of Mrs. Ellf-n Burdett and the late John i
. iiConntll, a natl\-e of San Francisco, aged ;
45 years «> months and 10 days.
PATTON— In this city. May ». 1904. Josephine '
Mathilda, beloved wife of John L. Patton, j
mother of Kdward Lawrence Patton, daugh- !
ter of Chritt'.ne Anderson, sister of Charles j
and Albert Anderson, and niece of August |
Anderson, a native of San Francisco, aged I
SO yearR and 22 days. j
CTFricnd? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
• Thursday), at - o'clock, from her late reel- ]
<!r-nce, 2 Hayward place, off Harrison street. ,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy- j
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
POWERS — In this city. May 9, 19C4. Mary, j
beloved wife of the late Edmund Powers, ;
and beloved mother of Mary C, William J. ;
«nd the late Eugene F. Powers, a native of I
Ireland, eced 54 years.
C7Notlce cf funeral hereafter. Retrains !
8t the parlors o? J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7t37 ¦
Mission street, l^etween Third and Fourth.
RKDDV— In thie city. May 8. lf*04. Emily M. J
Kcddy. widow of the late Patrick Reddy. be-
!ov<d mother of Mrs. Sybil J. Coleman. and j
sistT of Judge N. H. Conklln of San Diego. ;
a nstive of New York, aged 79 years. j
C7"The funeral service* will take place to- :
day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at her !
lau- rtsldence. 2717 Pacific avenue. Inter- j
inent orlvate. !
EAMlEl— In Chico. Cal.. May 10. 1904. Cas- j
p*-r. beloved husband of Annie Samuel, j
father of Hyman Abraham and Mrs. B-lia :
Brown, and brother of Mose and Benno Sam- i
u<>l cf New York. 'Wolff Samurl and Mrs. j
Raphael Jacobs nf Janowitz. and Aaron 8am- ¦
u»l and Mrs. Marcus Simon of this city, a i
native of Janowitz. Prussia, Germany, aged ;
5* years and 2 months.
C?' Notice of funeral hereafter. '¦
FJKVOLD— In the City and County Hospital,
May 10. UOC Julia Sievold, a native of New
Yt-rk. Age<i ."» years. •
h'Ol'SA— In Alameda. Cal.. May 10. 10O4.
Lcuise Helen, beloved wife of Anthony T.
Snu»&, and mother of A. T. and F. N. Souaa, '
a native of Cfcloago. aged 27 years 10 month*
KBd 1" days. (Maukato, Minn., and Chicago!
papers please copy.)
CZFrlends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May XZ. at 9 o'clock, from her late, resl- j
d^nce. fc21 Central avenue, thence to '
.S4. Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass. I
•f'lrmenclng at 8:30 o'clock, win be saJd for j
the repose of her soul. Interment St. Mary's i
Cemetery. Oakland. " i
THOMAS— In this city. May 9. 1904. Rose Har- j
rl*t, beloved daughter of Charles and Rose
Thomas, and sister of Lillian and Mar-
currette Thomas, a native of San Fran-
cisco, agdd 1 year end 6 days. " i
CTThe funeral will take place to-day !
< Wednesday), at 11 o'clock from the resl- '
d"nr» of t!ie parents. SSS^ Clementina street.
Interment strictly private. Holy Cross Ccm-
cterr.
WILKINSON— In Oakland. Cal.. May 10 1!K>J
«t lf> Mather street. Harry, beloved hus-
r.p.nd of Amy Wilkinson, a native of Eng-
land. Hired S8 years 2 months and 28 days.
OCEAN TEAVEL.New' York Metal Market.
SEATTLE. May 10.— Clearings » $836,152;
balances, $136,050.
TACOMA, May 10.— Clearings, $355,454; bal
ances, $24,604. V
PORTLAND, May 10. — Clearings $614,478;
balances, $05,460. r -.
SPOKANE, May 10.— Clearances, $349,671;
balance?. $19,814. , f- ><;
Northern Business.
FRUITS. £ |" £ I
3 if" ! -U
Apples $1 55 $1 30'$l 20|$l 10
Apricots ,14011.30 ....
Blackberries :.. 1 60 1 40 1 30 1 20
Cherries R. A 2 IB 1 00 1 70 1 40
Cherries white... 1 75 1 «0 1 35
Cherries, black - 2 00 175 160 135
Grapes 1 35 1 20 1 10 1 CO
Yellow Free Peaches 150 130 ....
Lemon Cling Peaches... 2 00 140 130
Pears 2 00 175 *
Plums :.... 1 35 1 15 1 05 95
Raspberries 2 50 2 25 2 10 1 80
Strawberries 2 00 1 76 1 60} 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-lb
standard. 85c; Green Peas — Petlts pols. $1 35
©1 50; standards, 85c; standard, sifted, $1;
extra sifted. $1 15; marrowfats 82%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle, $6 60; Bryant, $0 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend, $7: Richmond.
$7 50: Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite ¦ Egg, '$14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke, $11 504113
per ton In bulk and |15 in sacks; Rocky Moua-
OREGON. , 'i'f^M
PORTLAND, May 10.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 73c; bluestem. 84c; valley, 85c.
' ' . WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 10.— WHEAT— Bluestem',
64c; club, 74c. -,¦ -"
Northern Wheat Market.
The reported arrival of a third car of West
ern-Poultry was an error. It has «iot y«t ap
peared, but is reported close at hand and due
at any time. Receipts of California Poultry
were moderate and there was ; continued firm
ness In young stock, such as j Fryers, young
Roosters and large Broilers. . Old stock, par
ticularly old Hens, was weak, owing to the
abundance of carried over stock and the heavy
arrivals of Western.
Arrivals of Game were mostly in poor condi
tion, owing to the continued hot weather, and
prices were lower. Only sound stock brought
the quotations.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 14@15c per lb;
Geese*, per pair. $1 50®2; Gosling*. $2 5O<&3 50;
Ducks, $5®5 50 per doien • for old and $."> 50@
6 50 for young: Hens, $6@6 50 {or large and
$4 50@5 for small; young Roosters, $7 50<f?
8 60: old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers, $6-G7:
Broilers," $3 50iS4 50 for large and $2@3 for
small: Pistons, |1 25J;1 50 per dozen for old
and *1 75®2 for Squabs.
GAME— Cottontail " Rabbits, $1 S0@2 per
dozen; Brush Rabbits, $1 25; Hare, 75c$$l -J5.
Poultry and Game.
LONDON, May 10.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales amounted to 15 000 bales.
Including a fine selection of Merinos. They
caused spirited competition and were - in de
mand for *.he continent. A ! few lots were
taken for America. Crossbreds were in good
supply and a moderate quantity , was taken
for An. erica.
London Wool Sales.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. May 10.— Wool, active. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 17@17%c;
light fine, 14@l7c; heavy fine, 12@14c; tub
washed, 2<i@31e.
BAGS — Grain Bags. S%c spot and 5%c June-
July; San Quentin. $5 40; Wool Bags. 32©35c;
Fleece Twine, 7«38c.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list:
General Merchandise.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market
shows no change from the general conditions
recently reported. Demand is inaetive. Com
mon, <t&ZV*c: choice, 5%@5?4c; prime. 0*4®
6%c: fancy, 7@7%c
PRUNES — Attract only a hand-to-mouth
demand and the general tone Is easy, quota
tions ranging from 3c to 5%c, according to
grade. *
APRICOTS — Are held well up to quotations.
Choice, 9%01Oc; extra choice. 10%®10%c;
fancy. 11613c.
PEACHES — Firm. Choice. 7%@7%c; extra
choice. 7%©8c; fancy. 9>4&10o.
NEW YORK, May 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13.600 barrels: exports, 1700 barrels; firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts. 1000; spot. barely
steady; No. 2 red. $1 05 elevator; $1 07@l 11
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 00%
f. o. b. Options were easy all day. closing
VJfiftc net decline. May closed O25;c; July,
OO'Ke: September. 84%c.
HOPS — Quiet.
¦ HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE — Soot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
C**ic; mild, quiet; Cordova; lOigllc. The mar
ket for coffee futures closed unchanged to 9
points higher. Sales, 04,000 bags. May. 5.30c:
June. 5.40c; July. ' 5.45@5.55c; September, 5.70
©S.SOc; December, 6c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 7-32c;
centrifugal, 96 test. . 3 23-32c; molasses sugar,
2 31-32c; refined, firm.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. May 10. — The cotton market
cloeed quiet, 12 points lower.
Neiv York Grain and Produce.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid Ask ) • Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lC«%i07 4s qr cp new.lS2%l-C%
4s qr reg... 107 107%!3s qr coup... 10b 106%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5a — - — O T Co 6s... — 122
Bay CPC 5«.100%102 Do 5s. .....— 112%
Cal C G 5s. - 105 Do con _
CbI r, & E e • Oceanic S 6s. fe5 «5
m & ct 5s. IMC *2»i Om Cable *,. - 122
Cal-at C 5s lie ! *4H7% Pac C Im 4s. — 10O .
C C Wat 5s — 101 P E Ry 5s..l«M% —
Fd L & P 6» - - P & C H 63.104% -
F & C H fis.114%115% P & O P. g.U« -
Oearv-st 5s- — — Powell-«t «». — 114
H C&S 6%T..10O — Sac EGARSa. 96% —
Do 5« ... • 97% - SF *. SJV 5«.116%117
Hon R T 6S.104V, - Sierra Ry 6.. — 115
T A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A Cs
L A Ry 5s..lll%112 <19Ca> .....1CS 103%
TL. A L Co 6s — — (1910) . - - ., 108% 109
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. May 10—2 p. m.
There was a very fair business in local
securities, with ' California Wine lower at
$91 25«i:»i 50 and Sprinr Valley Water lower
at $37 87%@38 25. There was an active move
ment In. bonds In the afternoon. The oil and
mining stocks were not materially changed.
Ex-divldend yesterday: Giant Con. Powder
Company, regular monthly, 50c a share,
amounting to $10,000; California Wina Asso
ciation regular monthly. c*c a share. amount-
Ing to' $26,071 20;. the Monte Cristo Oil Com
pany, lc per share, amounting to $3000.
The Daly-West Mining Company has de
clared a dividend I of 40c, payable May 16.
This Is a reduction of 25c from the previous
dividends. _
The California Combined Oil Company of
Kern County assessment of 2c per share fall*
delinquent June 3.
The Provident Oil Mining: Company of Kern
County assessment No. 5 of lc per share falU
delinquent June 4! - -
The Home Oil Company dividend of 2%c per
share amounts to $2500^ payable May 30.
The Four Oil Company .regular monthly lc
dividend. " amounting to $3030, is payabla
May 15.
Local Securities Sell Fairly, With
Wyomlng-'-Flne, 14%#15c; heavy fine, 130
13%c; fine medium. 15@15%c; medlum;**18@
19c; low medium 18® 19c.
Utah and Nevada— Fine, 14%@15e; heavy
fine, 13fi?13%c; fine medium, 15%@i6c; me
dium, 18<g>19c; low medium, 19@20c.
Montana — Fine average, 17©lSc; .fine me
dium choice. 18tf 10c; average, 10@17c; staple,
18(ffl!)c; medium eholce, 18@19c.
BOSTON, May -10.' — Unusual quietness pro
vails Jn the wool market. Some dealers say
that the situation is not only unseasonable,
but that from the manufacturers' standpoint
it nan not been so bad for years. Not only
have the mills not had the usual volume of
orders, but much dissatisfaction Is reported
with the quality of the goods delivered, and
there is a possibility of cancellation.
Territory wools are dull and weak.
Idaho— Fine, 14%@15c; heavy fine, 13i&13%c;
ilne medium. 15@iaVjc; medium, I«@l7c; low
medium, 17@lSc.
Boston Wool Market.
STOCK MARKET.
Old Potatoes continue to arrive freely from
Oregon by rail and the market is quiet except
for strictly fancy stock, which is in limited
supply. The top quotation is only obtained oc
casionally, $1 70 being the top for the general
market. ! Seed kinds are selling off well at
steady prices. Onions are flrm with the market
slenderly supplied. New Potatoes and new Red
Onions were wanted yesterday for shipment
to Puget Sound ports, and as receipts vwre
moderate prices did better. .
Changes In miscellaneous vegetables were
slight. Receipts of most descriptions were lib
eral, but prices held up well under a good de
mand, both for local consumption and shipping
account. Asparagus was rather weak than
otherwise, as the receipts continued to show
the effects of the recent hot wave. The canners
were rtill In the market at 4@5c per pound
and the regular trade paid 5@7c. Receipts of
Los Angeles vegetables were light, as usual
on Tuesday.
Peceipta of vegetables Included 1374 boxes
of Asparagus, 432 boxes of Rhubarb, and SOU
sacks of Peas. «
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, $1 35
@1 50 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 OOfjl 75
per ctl; River Reds, $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Bnrbanks for Beed. $1 25@1 50 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles. $1 25@1 SO per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 25<S1 40 per ctl; new Potatoes, 2@2%c per
pound.
ONIONS— Australian Yellow, $4 50<fJ5 per
ctl; new Red, $2@2 50 per sack; new Green,
50<Si<>0c per box.
. VEGETABLES' — Asparagus, 4!*t7c per lb;
Rhubarb, 30@40c for bay and 50075c per box
for San Jose; Green Peas, $l@l 50; Garden
Peas 3c per lb: String Beans. 6@Sc per lb:
Wnx Beans, 7@»c per lb; Tomatoes, $1 5t«S
.1 75 per box or crate for Los Angeles and
$1 50fi?2 25 for Mexicans; Summer Squash, $l@
1 50 per box; Cabbage, $1 50 per ctl; Carrots,
GOe per sack; HothouseJSucumbers. 50c@$l 25
per dozen; Garlic, nominal; Egg Plant,
per lb; Dried Peppers. 8@10c for nun-dried
and 12%©13c per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra 12%@15c p*r lb; Green. Peppers, «©12^c
per lb for Los Angeles and 15@20c for Mexican;
Marrowfat Squash, jobbing at l%@2c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening « 3»4 « 4% 0 5%
Closing 6 3% 0 43^ 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat — May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 20 20 50
Clorlng 2115 20 85
Flour —
Opening 27 80 27 60
Closing 27 75 27 65
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK, May ll>. — Only the special »c
tivit; of such an urually dormant stuck as
Cot.toHdated Gas saved to-day's stock market
from tho smallest aggregate of traneacHjn*
f.'r tli- >tar. On Mar< h ID. Vitttn il«> N. it -
e:-."» Securities decision was handed down, thtr
total sales for the day fell to 74,400 shares.
The assumption then wag that the urcertain
t--tatus< of a larc* mass of securities uy ifaso.t
of that suit was the cause of the iethnrgic
mo\ement and hopes were entertained that itt
deciHion would release the market frcn n
ftrair.t. The came delusive hope has been
entertained regarding ' successive factois rtit«*
pcecd to hold speculation in check. Bur the
eoliition of iwh succeeding difficulty leaves
thi!.p> in the same rut. The last "au* to
be removed Is the completion of the j'ananin
c&nal payment, which Is now practically
achieved, although the call of 10 per c«nt
of Gc\ernm<°nt depoelts In banks which fell
due to-day and the rurther call of 10 per cent
on June 1 are resulting operations Ircm tho
Panama payment and remain to be re:ko:ied.
Tl.! conviction i? growing, however, that the
cause of the stagnation in the stock market is
&(> 1 «r lying than any temporary factor and
ha*' to do with the gradual emerging of the
conditions of general contraction In business
and industry in all directions- An important
phBM of thin contraction Is the deficient wheat
crop promised The varying opinion of pros
pect* for the Remsen gas bill under consid
eration by the Governor of New York caused
the fluctuations in Consolidated aad Brooklyn
Union Gas. Some part of the present extreme
paucity of the dealings In stocks is undoubtedly
tfue to refusal of business from outside cus
tomers of a clars whose activities "have been
under reprobation of the Consolidated Stock
Exchange for several day*. The new president
of the Stock Exchange took the occasion of
his installation to-day to broadly intimate the
suspicion of the Stock Exchange authorities
of more or less Improper connection between
members and such outside sources of business,
a connection which the rules of the Stock Ex
change aim to forbid- li'Jjl ™«
Bonds wer* irregular. Total sales $1,820,000.
United States bonds were uncbanred.
NEW YORK STOCK LI3T.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Clo*e.
Atchlson 4,200 72% 72 72
Atchlson pfd 000 »3 92V4 »2»4
Bait & Ohio 1,200 76% 78% 7*»*
Bait & Ohio pfd... 00%
Canadian Pacific... M0 117«£ 117 llb%
Central of N J 157
Chesap & Ohio "W
Chi & Alton 200 38 37% :J7»i
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 81 81 80>4
Chi & G Weetern.. 100 15% 15% 13%
Chi & Northwestn. 160
Chi Mil & El Paul. 4,500 142% U2% 142'i
Chi Mil & St P pfd 175%
Chi Term Sc Trans 8%
ChJ Term & T pfd .... 18
C C C A St Louts 70%
Colo Southern 1C^
Colo South 1st pfd 52J/4
Colo South 24 pfd. .... 22
Del & Hudson 100 150 158 15U
Del Lack & West. 200 2<?S% 268% 2C8»i
Denver fc R G 200 20 20 20
Denver & It G pfd. ti*tf
Erie; 1,800 24% 23% 23%
Erie 1st pfd 1,000 63 «1% «2
Erie 2d Pfd 900 38 ; 87 37%
Hocking Valley ... . <»
Hocking Val pfd... 100 78 78 78
Illinois Central ... 100 130 130 130
Iowa Central •••• 1<}£
Iowa Central pfd.. ' 34
<K C Southern 17%
K C Southern pfd ' -*4%
£ouJs & Nub .... 2,800 10X% 108% 108%
Manhattan L 700.143% 143% 1«
Metropolitan Secur 75
Metropolitan St Ry 2.300 109 108% 109
Mlun & Et Loul».. ( 40
Nezo York Stock Market.
WASHINGTON. May 10.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance shows available
cash balance. $177,175,150; gold, $122,779,031.
Cash in Treasury.
Money — U S Steel 9 v.
Call loan* 203 •£ Do pfd 55
Time loans 3@4M. West'house Com.. 78
Bonds— I Mining —
Atchison adj 4s.. 01 I Adventure l»i
Do 4f 100%|AUouez 5
Mexican Cen 4s.. V2%\ Amalgamated .... 47%
Railroads — I Amer Zinc 0%
Atchlson 71%|Atlantlc 7V4
Do pM 02%;ningham 21
Bcston & Albany. 245 I Calumet & Hecla.4«2
Boston & Maine.. 167 ICentennlal 10«4
Boston Elevated.. 140 iCopper Range..,. 41
Fitchburg pfd 13S ]Daly West 22
Mexican Central. 7>41 Dominion Coal.... 6ti>,i
N Y. N H & H..lSS¥ 4 |Frar.klin 74
Pere Marquette... 78V2lCirancy :i%
Union Pacific 8314 1 Isle Royale.: 714
Miscellaneous — IMaxs Mining 3*4
Am Arge Chem.. 14-%! Michigan 4
Do pfd 72H'!Mohawk 41
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal & Coke 2*4
Amer Sugar 126*4 Old Dominion 12>i
Do pfd 12r,t4 Osceola KG
Am Tel & Tel...l2«H Parrot 23
Amer Woolen 10V4 Quincy SO
Do pfd 74Vi Shannon 7%
Dominion I & S.. lH4!Tamarack 00
Ed Elec Ilium... 2.*J5 "Trinity 3T6
General Electric. 157 I IT S Mining 10T4
Mass Electric... 18*4 U S Oil 0V,
Do pfd Tm Utah 3«%
Mess Gas M% Victoria 3
United Fruit 109^'Winona o^
Un Shoe Mach... 50 I Wolverine 70
Do pfd 29
Boston Slocks and Bonds.
The Bean market showed no further change
yesterday, large Whites being weak under re
cent heavy receipts. Pinks and small Whites,
firm with light and rapidly decreasing stocks,
and Limas steadily held. The other kinds con
tinue devoid of feature. There Is nothing new
In Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 4C(f?2 55; Pea, $3; But
ters $303 25: email White. $2 OO.33 10; large
White. $2 3062 W); Pink. $3 40#t3 CO; Red,
$4 25; Lima, ?3 25® 3 30; Red Kidneys. $4 75®
5; Blackeye, $1 90©2 10 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4«E4 25; Yellow
Mustard, ?3$j3 25; Flax, $1 80<gl 00; Canary,
C^ffiS-Tic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14"^(glt5c; Rape,
I%fi2c: Timothy, ¦ tJfeO'/sc: Hemp, 3V£@4c per
lb; Millet. 3@3V.-e; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Niles,
$3 25; Green Peas, ?3@3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO. May 10. — CATTLE: — Receipts,
2500; steady: good to prime steers, $5@5 50;
poor to medium. $4S4 90; stockers and feeders,
»3S/4 40; cows, $1 50fiJ4 40; heifers, $2 20®
4 tiO; cannery $1 50ft2 00; bulls, $2jf4 10;
calve*, $2 50fi5 25; Texas fed steers, $4@4 40.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 1S.000; to-morrow.
20.000; steady; mixed and butchers, $4 70i|»
4 02 Vi: Eood to choice heavy, $4 80(^4 02V4;
rough heavy, $4 «5«4 75; light, $4 «0®4 SO;
bulk of rales. $4 75®4 «5.
SHEEP— Receipts, 9000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $4 C0©5 25;
fair to choice mixed, ?3 50® 4 50; Western
sheep. $4(25 25; native lambs, $4 25^5 75;
Western iambs, clipped. $4 50<§5 75; .Western
lambs, wooled, $0@6 00.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO,
NEW YORK. May 10. — Money on call was
eaey at l'i&lVj per cent; closing bid and
ofltred at 114 per c*nt. Time loans were
ellghtiy firmer, with sixty and ninety days at
2^i fx»r cent; eix months, 3«i4 per cent. Prime
mercantile I«i]>er. :;* t (g4Vi per cent. Sterling
exchange was steady, with actual business in
bankers' bUl» at $4 S5 for demand and at
KL88KI for sixty-day bills. Posted rates,
$4 K3>4&4 m; and $4 Sis. Commercial bills,
$4 *4\. Bar silver, 5«Jc. Mexican dollars,
44 Vic. Bonds — Governments, steady; railroads,
irregular.
New York Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
last season and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 «53.27 50. 4«
Red Bluff 0.00 31.O6 23.15
Sacramento 0.00 10.79 1«.62 j
San Francisco 0.O0 20.59 IS. 28 I
Fresno 0.00 7.1H» 8.50
Independence 0.00 2.57 2.34
San Luis ObUpo 0.00 16.9'J 18.49
Los Angeles 0.00 8.60 19.20
San Diego 0.00 4.28 ll.<>4
• THE COAST RECORD.
!.;¦ g S 5 0 S ?
S 2E.2s"2 ?*» 1
3 Sl!f*l So a
STATIONS. j I|li 3§ ? s
? * £ ? ?, %
v. c c : a
\ • • • '. '
Baker 30. OS CO 44 NW Cloudy T.
Can-on 2"J.M) 7t> 42 W Cloudy .0O
Eureka 30.CS 5« 4S NW Clear .00
Fresno -.".t.74 9ti 68 NW Clear .(")
S. E. Fnrallon.29.Sti 59 f.2 NW Clear .0J
Flasbtaff -W.tsW 72 3S NW Pt.Cldy T.
Pocatello 29.88 Oi Cw SW Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .2:».7(» 84 54 S Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles . .29.80 72 56 SW Clear
lit. Tmmalpala^a:89 74 «1 NW Pt.Cldy .00
North Head 4<» 00
Phoenix 13>.7<» *>6 00 SE Cloudy T.
Point Reyes ..2U.77 61 47 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.14 CO 40 NW Clear .03
Itwl Bluff 29.80 Si 60 N Clear .00
Roseburg :£'>.<>»> 72 40 N Pt.Cldy .00
fc^cramer.to ..29.7S h2 «2 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake 2t».h4 7'i 52 NW Pt.Cldy .**>
San Francisco. 2ft. 84 76 54 W Clear .00
S L. Obitpo..ia.W) 70 4S S Clear .O0
S^n Ditto 23. SO «4 58 SW Cloudy .«O
Seattle 30.22 C2 44 W Clear .03
SjKikane 3<).O4 C2 44 SW Cloudy .04
TatooFh 30.2« 52 42 W Clear .»'¦)
Walla Walla.. 30. OS •¦« 48 SW Pt.Cldy .28
Yuma 2a. 04 VI 04 S Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rref=Fure ha? risen steadily over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. There has
bten a steady fall over Utah and conditions
are favorable for Fhowery weather throughout j
Arizona and alonir the Mexican boundary. \
The temperature' continues about 10 degrees
above the normal in the great valley of Cali
fornia.
A thunderstorm le reported at Flapstaff.
Forecast made at Saij Francisco for thirty
hour« ending midnieht. May 11: . |
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, con- :
tinued warm weather in the interior; brisk
north winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday;
fr**h southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day: light north winds, changing to Irish
westerly. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, lesa 50
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8ft0c; Cows and Heifers,
7©8c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — *©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%©4c; Ewes. 8>4©3Hc
per lb (gross weight). - .
LAMBS— $2 50® 2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5«c;
over 200 lbs. 5^€5%c; soft Hogs. 4*J4®5'4c;
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off,
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. '
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7®7Hc for Steers and 5%®6^c per
lb for Cowa.
VEAL — Large. 7K'<?8c; small. 8%@0c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7}i6Sc; Ewes, 7@Sc
.per lb. . •
LAMB— f*@10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, fiiifitlc per lb.
Beef, Mutton, Veal and Lamb continue in
abundant and Increasing supply and the trade
look for *tlll lower prices, as already men
tioned. Hogs, too, have become distinctly
weaker during the pant two or three days, and
the local packers and butchers are looking for
a decline In them also.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Reports from all Hop markets here. East
and abroad, quote a slow movement, with
prices steady and unchanged. The whole sit
uation is devoid of feature.
Hides rule steady at unchanged prices, with
no especial activity.
The situation in wool remains about as be
fore, the movrment Inward and 6utward being
fair at unchanged prices.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about '/ifHc under quotations. Heavy SaltPd
Steers OUc; medium. 8*ic; light. Sc; Cow
Hidea.' 8c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags.
«c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf lie; dry Hides l«c; dry Kip 13c; dry
Calf! ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25«."»0c eafh;
short Wool. 40®ti5&each; medium, 70ig90c: long
Wool $1«?1 50: Hor*e Hides, silt. $2 75 for
large and $2«2 50 for medium. $1 25^1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 76 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for ColU. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican 30c; dry Salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American. 30<Q32i/ic. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 5Oo;
medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4^;©4tjc per lb;
No 2. 3V6<B4c: grease. 2Vj!9'!c.
WOOL — Spring clip — Pan Joaquin and South,
em 12 months'. OS He; do 7 months'. 8@10c
per lb; Middle Counties. 12f?lGc for free and
ll®14c for defective; Northern. 15®17c for free
and 13@15c for defective; Nevada. 12@15c. ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— 2t@27c per lb for California. 1903.
and 17H@20c for crop of 1004.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The market for all descriptions is quoted
dull. Even barreled good?, which have hitherto
been meeting with a steady demand, are now
inactive, and barreled Beef is lower. Supplies
of everything are ample for all current needs.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9&C per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
13}ic for extra ilght and 15<??16c for sugar
cured; Eastern eufrar-cured Hams 13c; Cali
fornia Hams. IZXfVZVjc; Mess Beef, $10@
10 50 per bbl; extra Mess. $lliSll 50; Family.
$12^12 f>C; prime Mew Pork. $15; extra clear,
$24; Mee*, $1K; Dry Salted Pork, 10c; Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6^o per lb for
compound and S*?4c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
S^c; 10-lb tina. Oftc; 5-lb tins, 9«gc; 3-lb tins,
OHc. . ; ,
t?OTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8T-sc; three
half barrels. S%c; one tierce. S%c; two tierces.
8<^c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: SO-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 4-crown.
4c per lb; ;t-crown. 4Vic; 7 2-crown. 4c; Malaga.
loose. 3-crown. 4c- 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3>4c; Seedless
Muscatels, ii'ic; do floated. ;:V3c: Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. 5Vsc; choice, 5V»c;
12-oz cartons, fancy, 4Vic; choice. 4%c; in
bulk, fancy. 5t4c; choice. 5c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehe*a. $2 50; fancy $2; London
Layers. 3-crown. ?1 35; 2-crown $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. l.'J'.jOltc;
No. 2. liHQISe; No. 1 hardshell. 13013Hc;
No. 2. ll@ll\2c; Almonds 11 He for Nonpa
reils, lH4c for I X L lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9',4e for Langueooc; Peanuts. 6®7c for
Eastern: Pecans, llipirjc; Cocoanuts. ?4 50<g5.
HONEY— Comb. lCi^ll^c for white and f»4
©OHc for amber; water white extracted. 5<tf
BMc; light amber extracted, 4^'ffl^c, dark,
3«/.«4c
BEESWAX— 27@2ftB per lb.
The situation in Fruits remains as frequent
ly stated of late. All descriptions are w , II
flfaneU up except Prunes and Raisins, both
of which will probably show some carry-over
at the end of the season. There is nothing new
in Nuts and Honey, both being quiet.
FRUITS^-Apricots. S\j@10"4c for Royals and
9©12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4',i@
6c; sun-drl«d, Peaches. GigSc;
Pears. S@ll>4c; Flss. white. 2Vs®o'c in boxes;
black. 4V4c; Plums, pitted. 5#7^c per lb.
PRUNES— 1!A>3 crop. 2@2«4c for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits } Nuts,Raisins,Honcy.
"rn» FrajiOco Hay Association has is
¦aed ttor foSlo*-in« s-?rr.l-«nnuaJ account of the
••: ,li o? Hay:
•;>iauei*>nt of IUy in store in public ware
i'wu«» ahd In private barns on May 1. ISf*.
sr.owlng th« available supply and covering the
: . unties that send their Hay to San Francisco
"rrarwete. ' The ficures have been furnished to
a l>>' the jrarehousemen or other recognixed
Lutbocttlea at the various points.
' " \Ve give them to you as we have received
tivvn." ft* .follow*, viz: .
. P'icis— . Tons.
Men!o.P*xk 100
' Lrivesaacra 3(^rw
- i .;.-nnton 2WW
< ».*-oto. 'iirlnrton • 50
MOPIXMM .: 5<K»
;:;* ::;:a»a View 450
' " r^ ood 15«
V-aytield ••"•»
JIfflU«er ¦* B3»
" rf-t i'lTiO* 1*»
.. iHaole*- 30*>
• •Maitipex **^>
< •< ncord. Bay Point >"x>
..Uorcaa nil!. Sun Martin. Gilroy 3<x>
Salinas, Gonzalee. Chualar T><X>
Altimont wW
.Vntiooh .- * <>rt
h'iia Jose *W
Danville - '. '• 20ft
McA*oys •»'*>
• StodEtOD * If"
and Vicinity 2"0
, giflsutr .-., 2°**
Alvlap "'"*
Napa Val'ey »•
Reclamation «"<•?
Betahaaa ¦?•"'
V^jj Franripco I**" 1 '
San ItEmou 200
lif-thayy 220
•San Joaquir. Valley 250
Sunol • 50
*! Total 22.47i>
The »;ork ct the tame time laFt year was
•77.500 tons. From thlf= year's iftock th«> re
. rent Gov«-n;rr.er.t order for Manila muft b»
' -»Jt<5ucted.' as it is now being filled from current
riocfts. The trad> fay th«t with the Govern
ment order' deducted the net amount of stock
enviable for cnnsurr.rrtinn will tie about the
MM as tut year.
. • The Weather and Crops.
Tb^e-^eekly report of A. G. McAfiie, eection
tjrrexrrr of tht climate and crcp cervtce cf the
! Wetthef Bureau, i* as follows:
. •" GENERAL SUMMARY.
"fhe » r eather was considerably warmer than
•(urftifr the preceding werk and ircneraliy clear
In (¦¦', sections. Brisk northerly winds prevailed
t<»-ard the cloee of the week In the central and
norrtiern sc-cticr:*. The Edwards br«fek is nearly
" rlpsc«.
"Gniit. and h£y made rapid growth and are
in-vprj Rood condition except in those portions
' t>f the-eouthera districts where the rainiall has
, been and in the overflowed section
of '.be Hacrsraento Valley. Wheat if Heading
out rattier late, but appear* etronjr and healthy.
I!TfI<s. 'be&fts. su'par be^ts and irarden vegetahlen
er* Srjing well. Haying is !n progress in many
ri;'"'j.and the crcp Is rei>orted fair. Green
f«*> u abundant and cf eood quality. Stock
f.rf fr** from disease and do'.ng well. There
ftas. ix?«3> bo vc-riouc Injury to crops by the
bijrh n<.<rth< rly winds.
• -The fir*t.bax of cherrie* for the »eason was
fast from Vacaville April 30 and *old at
" hi*rh-pncft* in New York May G. Cherries are
IMW^SUas to market in considerable quantl
,.tie> from Vacaville. Stockton. Auburn and
Pitcxji-rniTHc. and strawberries are being shipped
Jn carload lot* from Sacramento. Reports con
tinue to chow tha poor condition of peachec.
axricota arJ eln:cnd* in many places, though
It! i^rtr.c- •»-ctif»!' pearhi^ are reported unusually
hill" eid iipriL-ots nearly average. Graphs are
!.. cxc»<Kn.t condltif.n in »!1 sections and ad-
Wnrins rapiaiy, with indications of a large
. ¦ raf>«> fitrut fruite art: in Uoom and the trees
v*~ Crusuiiiy hfavily laden In eotne efctlcn*.
tAcjtAMENTO VALLEY.— Warm, clear
»».-«(h<rr prevailed during in* week, with hifih
t rtherlr Kinds at the close. Deciduous fruits
m*\ej\"h njAiily and the eurly varieUes are
(''¦¦r:t!c. .-;..= ., lots of cherries were rhipped
*lr>--;r« f'iaoer aod Sacramento countlee and car-
I'jfciiVIJiptntisU of i«tra.m-b*rrlfci« were nmde from
V»- n»rr.«-rAo. It now wems probable that
'j*-**i*-*> apricot? and almonds will yield very
Utbt 's'cw, but other fruit* will be about av
#rfege Grartea are in excellent condition and
t> .<iufl(^4» is good for a large crop. Citrus
• U u*U''are In full bloom and unusually heavy.
' v fc'*t !» h^iuling out rather late, but Iook»
-»»ii «*-d in m«ny t>lace« will yield a. large crop.
as reported there ha* U*n no serious
! 4«8Mg* hy the high winds. Tne Edwards
fc'rrtk 4« f>ar!y clot^d.
¦ VOAFT AND BAY SECTIONS.— The weath
er during the wtk vif penerally clear and
• wi-rm, with tjorthertr ninds tn the northern
»*f»i(*, which tirt»-'i out the «oil considerably.
¦ A\f crop* made sood rruwth. Grain is filling
t,'( wrll and will yifid 11 larr? crop in most \
rl****--. ii»ving ha* co£nnv«moe4 In some section*.
*i«t* *in Kan lienito County arc doing well.
. li<'\rfnr and et-eding »ro progret=Flr.ic rapidly,
• la Humbcilt County, where tfce outlook la "rood
.-.•>t **!*.*• crop*. Deciduous fruit* in Bolapo
jsmT Sonoma counties ar« reported in rather
•i.oor condition, esj^-rlally ch«rrie«, prunes and {
. ; sh^ h: . ; - j-'sr Henlto and other southern
¦'•<mnt***' the prorpfcet i* much better, and apri
cots,- i*ar» en4 other fruit* will probably yield
h*«v!ly Chtrries in considfrable quantities
er# bring shipped from V«ra\1l!e. The first
bJk of the e*-a«in was por.t Eaft April 30.
• CAK JOAQUIN VALLEY. — Clear and pleas-
H*it. weather prevailed during the w«k. b*>
o'dcin* •warm Saturday and Sunday. These
.ondKtnnfc have be«-n excellent for all growing
<rop« f.tjd hay miking. Hay harvest continues.
• nnii-tb* »fir»t crop of alfalfa is e*"ner»lly re
¦prrnrA good. Grain i* growing rapidly and the
r^ndTlion i, eati*factor>'- Deciduous fruits are
makSnff excellent growth, and good crops are
penera'.'y anticipated. Peaches are being
tainted "in rorne actions. Grapes promise a
fcouA ¦MirxiV- TU* first ehipment of cherries was
m*<le.«fom Stockton on Tuoxlay. 3d; the firet
fliibincnt «f r*d onions wae made en the same
dete. Plowing orchards and vineyards is pro
*:-e*«£ng rapifily. Gre«-n f»*d U plentiful, and
•rtock 1b bealtfcy and In goM condition. Irfi- ;
c«tfbn w»tcr ib plentiful and belnir freely used.
CAUFORKIA.— The weather
,„ wa rm Jind jrT.Tally clear during the week.
<Jr«in on the high landF is condl
•J(«i. tout on-Uie lower lands It Is beginning to
',),„- .he effect of deficient moisture and the |
4> »1ZI b« very light. The bay rrop is in |
• ix'ut the «axne condition rs grain asid. In nrost
rdSeCa *ill be much below Avenge. B«-ans,
wGgto beets* aod potatoes are doln* well and
•sir crops »re expected. Deciduous fruits ar«
?Vttinir men and *-ith the exception of apricots
v.;il yield rood crops. Berries of all kinds
- r./miiV unuiually heavy yields. Walnut* are
to rpod,cr»4iUon. Citrus fruit trees are # heav
ily i»den-with blossoms. \in«yarts are thrifty
' f^'^^LE^^VMART.-Weathcr g;t-
Utsf warm enough t<a stimulate growth and fa-
rc«ul« er« elpected for fniit and hay.
.•Grain v filling out In northern eectlon; crop
w; hravv "but quality rood.
; ' KT'JREKA gCMMARY.— Farm work pro.
¦ ef*aa» raplCly. Grain sown «>arly tn winter
¦ '». 'x-xiiknt condition, end will be ready for
¦k*n*Vfc Uj July. Peae. potatoes and other
S"I* r.« being planted will need more rain.
• r • Weather Report.
, 'I2r»th .Meridian — Pacific Time.)
.* FRASCISCO, May 10—5 p. m.
" T bt trfymiTm arc the eeasonal rainfall* to
c * : * ••« <xnnp*TtA with those of the same date I
Stock of Hay.
Flour, qr sks .. 3.55* Wool, bales SH
Wheat cUs .... 1.547 1 Feed, ska .. .7t>
Barley, ctls .... 4.51S Shorts sks ..... "JO.
Corn ctls 4 1* Screenings, sks.. HO
Rye' -ctls 4S5iDats. ctls ...... ?.ns
Beans sks U4iHid«. No :;*.
Potatoes, sks .. 3. 7W Pelts. No ,25
Onions, ska ... 250; Leather, rolls .. K.
Bran ska 125lTaltaw. ctls ... STs
Middlings, sks.. fits; Wine, gals iJN»
Hay tons 2f:»i | r ; ugar. ctls _'...i'>
Straw tons ... 51 Quicksilver, flks. 33
OREGON. • _ : '.
Flour, qr sks .. 2,'.'14 i Bran. sks l.CC(>
Potatoes, sks. .. 1,531!
EASTERN.
Corn." ctl. J.«»
FOR TUESDAY. MAT 10.
Receipts of Produce.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14915c for fancy'
washed: 12'gl.*l 1 4c for prime to strictly prim"
washed: 11#11*>-jc for strictly good »a-hn;
10%c for go^>d washed: !> 1 i'S10',c for fair
washed; 8Vi«Sftc for medium; 7fj7 : «4c for in
ferior to ordinary; li»H<«7l2 1 2C for gorid to prime
washed peaberry; 9'jftlOc for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; S'-s'gOHe for good to su
perior unwashed. .
LEATHER — Numeross changes appear, gen
erally toward lower prices. Sole, hea»y, 2?>'®
31c; extra heavy, 3l*jXic per lb: medium. 2.M>
25»c; light. ilough Leather, Sl^ifk;:
Harness Leather, heavy. SUig.TDc for No. 1 and
;{0(fta3c for No- 2: medium. ;tU*?.T7c; light. 291»
35c; Skirting. No. 1. 40<&42c; No. 2. Zr.Q-lSc;
CoMar Leather, 15'glttc per foot; Trace Leather,
40©44c; Kip, unfinished, 40*f50c ppr lb: Veal.
fln'shed. 50^C0c per lb; Calf, finished, »55oft*l
per lb; Wax Sides, lH&l'c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14!§l«c; Rough Splits. SfrlOc per lb.
TANB<< T tK — la higher on th« inside quota
tions. Grrnind. $25i62» per ten; stick, $1« 50*»
IS per cord.
OILS — Fish Oils show considerable fluctua
tion. Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled ami
47c for r*w; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 HVBl 12; Lucol. 45c for boiled
an.1 4.1c- for raw; China Nut, 60^70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. «8c; natural winter Spfrm Oil. «.">c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 57c: natural Whale
OH, 52c: extra winter strained Lard Oil. 7.">c:
No 1 Lard Oil, 65c; pure NeatsfixH Oil. 7.'W;
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil.
42c; dark Herring Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil, 34c:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 33c;. boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Faint Oil, 31c
COAL Oily— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20ftc; Astral, 2<>^e.:
Star, 20'ic; Extra Star, 24^c: Elaine. 2«4c;
Eocene 23'>c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In.
bulk. 16c; in cases. 22Hc: Benzine, in bulk.
13o; in cases, 19Hc; Sti-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 2V»in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— Rlc per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, ~*»
7M,c per lb; White L?ad. 737>^c, according to
quantity. ! *
QUICKSILVER— $43 50«44 50 for local nso
and $41 25@42 per flask for export.
SAl/t Bales. 9(>c for common and
$1 10 for granulated: Dairy. 9GijJ7 rex
ton- Granulated $7 50-3S 50: Half Ground. 100
lb bags $3 25; do. 50- lb bags. $.: 75; Rock
Salt $2 85 In 100 and $3 25 in 50-lb bags';
Genuine Liverpool. $14. 115 and $16 per ton in
packages of 224, 100 and 50 lba respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflning Com
pany quotes as follows, pe* lb. in 10O-lb togs:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, &.Sfie;
Powdered 5.70c: Candy Granulated, 5.7tic;
Dry Granulated. fine. L«O«; Dry Granu
latid coarse, 5.00c: Fruit Granulated. S.mic:
Beet' Granulated rftO-lb bas? only>. 5.50c:
Confectioners' A. 5.TOc: Magnolia A. 5.20c:
Extra C. 5.10c; Golden C. 0.00*; "D."
4.90c: barrels. 10c more: half barrels. 25«
more- boxes. 50c more; 5»>-lb bags, l()c mon
for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels. «.10c:
boxes. 6.35c; H. & E. Crystal Dnminns. S.«qc
per lb. No orders tak«n for less than sev«»nty
flv° barrels or Its equivalent. ¦*
LUMBER— Pire, ordinary sizes. $15'iil9: ex
tra size^ hisher: Rwfwond. $19*?23: Lath. t
feet $3 7S<§4: Pickets S17K25; PMngles, $2 for
No 'l and $1 50 fcr No. 2: Shake*. $14 for
split and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $33(803.
Nicaragua — NonMnal; H'sfel-J'ic for prime to
fancy waahr-d; OftlO^ic for fair to strictly sooil
washed: 8"*©8%c for good to superior w.t
washed; 5)'j@10c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Salvador — H'gUVic for fancy washed: 12»-*r
13Hc for strictly prime washed ; 10H : '!?12c T'r
poofl to prime wa-htd; Oft tor for fa(r wa#he«f;
10©12V*c for fair to prime washed iieabeiry;
y'^filO'.ic for good to prime wmi - w<ished ; &*p
9Vic for superior i^ina'hed: N'^'r^S^c for <w» »J
green unwa»he<); 9-^?jlOo for gonti to suptnor
unwashed p*.aberry, 7'aSc for inferior to or
dinary.
CORDAGE— The local company quotes aa
follows. 6O days or *i p^r cent discount for
cash 00 sales under li>,(x>> lba; Manila ll'-jo;
Sisal. 10?i"; Duplex 'J\c; Bale lupe, 11 ',t?
ll\c per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14f*15">if > for strctlv
prime to fancy washed; H^'hlV-jc for prime
washed; UMjfil2V4e for gorxi washed: HWtfi'n.
for good to prime washed peaberry: tO*flIu for
good to prime peaberry: Utilise for ei\hI 10
prime: BfilOSc for fair; ¦"Va'WHic for eonrrTii-h
to ordinary.
tain desci Iptiens. $11 4.1 per 2<-W lbs ar.d $12 <f>
per long ten. according to brand. ¦ .
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bund!*-* per lb. 4%c:
cases, regular. 6%c; «¦»«•¦*. extra large. BUc:
Eastern style. d\c; bonele«» t>V,c; "Norway."
a'sic; •'Narrow Gauge.'" tt%e5 'Silver King."
7%c; blocks. "Oriental,'.* *Mi<; blocks. "S»a
bright," 0>ic; tablet* 7c: middles. 7^» 1 -4c;
fancy boneless. SV4 ft .134c:- pl«k><| Cml. hbls. $H.
pickled Cod. half bbla." $4 75: Pirate Cove C»l
Llvtr Oil. nrr dozen pints, $ti; per gallon. * ; -V
less 10 pft cent.
CHICAGO, May 10. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the' butter market was steady.
Creameries, 17$23<£c; dairies. 13@17c; eggs,
easy, cases included, ISUSIS^c; cheese,
weak bMsig'JMiC.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
CHICAGO. May 10. — Cash quotations were
fts follows: Flour, dull and steady; No. 2
spring wheat l>C#f>5c; No. 3. 91@ltl",bc; No.
2 red $1 03<Sl 04; No. 2 corn, 4SVt@48%c;
No 2' yellow 52c; No. 2 oats. 4O'/j,ftiJia(.c:
No 3 white, r^ar-iVsc; No. 2 rye, 71<S73c;
good feeding barley, 32837c; fair to choice
malting. 45«15flc: ¦ No. -1 flaxseed, $1 OUi; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 09; prime timothy seed,
$2 SO; mess pork per-tearrel,* $11 20<gll 25;
lard per 100 lbs, JO 42M.@O 45; short ribs
Bides (loose). $i» 12>4«?4; 25; short clear sides
(boxed). $1 25<gti 50; whisky, basis of high
wines, .?1 2»; clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23, 100 2O.00O
Wheat bushels 33,000 00,400
Corn, 'bushels 214, 500 234.U00
Oats, bushels .„ 153,700 19H.300
Rye, bushels 2.<>"« 4,000
Barley bushels 22,700 0.000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. May 10.— Under the influence of
flrm ' cables, small receipts and .a fair cash
business, sentiment in the wheat, pit at the
opening was steady, t initial quotations on July
belrj? unchanged to %c higher at SOV-c to
8e%c. • Excellent weather conditions through
out the entir* country, however, started some
selling by scalpers.. In anticipation of the
monthly Government crop report many trad
er* w.*re disposed to postpone any but incon
sequential transactions. The market soon as
sumed an faflcr tone. In addition to pit trad
ers a prominent operator was a moderate seller
early' in the day. Later this rame influential
trailer came to the support of the market and
caused a rally in prices. July advancing to
8t3?ic. During the last hour, of trading weak
neM again set in, the depressing Influence be
ing the Weather Bureau weekly summary of
crop conditions and the Illinois State report.
According to the Weather Bureau a general
improvment of winter wheat is Indicated for
th«" past week, especially over the western
parts of the belt and in the Middle Atlantic
States. The Illinois weekly bulletin was also
quite bearish. The market was without sup
port and closed at about th* lowest point of
the day. After selling at 85%gS0c July closed
at SOc.
The corn market \tas inclined to heaviness
throughout the greater part of the eession. A
weak tone prevailed at the close, and prices
were near the bottom. July opened unchanged
to a shade lower at 4S%<848*ic to 48%c. sold
between 4S 1 .i@48«4c and 4&?fcc. .closing ai 4SVife
48*ic ' — . * -
Oats were influenced mainly -by the action
of other grains. After opening unchanged at
3814c July ranged between 3SV»c and 38^0,
closing at 3SK>@38 l 4c. ; , ,
Provisions were weak on general commission
house selling, credited principally to small
holders. Pit traders hammered the market,
apparently doing all they could to assist the
decline. The demand came largely from
shorts The market closed at the W)w pofnt.
with July pork down 30c at $113. fc. J«J ly
lard was off 10c at $ti 52»4 and ribs lO^U^c
at $0 i"7V.. '-. „
The leading futures ranged as follows.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
! May h^.^. 2 T 91%. 02* 91% tt«
julv old 87'A 8S 8.'s 87%
July new N«% 86% 85$ 8B
September, old. *2',i . *-% oj% **
'. September, new 81 Vi Sl>» SO<h, h<i%
I Corn, No. 2 — _ ,_
1 Mav 47*» 47'i 4i 4i
' July :::::::::.: *s% ¦*»% «%
j September 48% 48^ 47% 48
i May' 5 ' ;.\". 41% 4Ui 401,4 40%
i July 38% 38%: 3S 38V«
! September 30% 30% 30% 30%
1 Mess Pork, per bbl—
July .11 62^ 11 65 11 37% 11 37%
September 11 82^.11 82Vi 11 6734 11 «J0
1 Lnrd, per 100 lba—
¦ j u iy (i K5 <? 65 « 52Vi G 52H,
j September 0 77 "4 C 80 0 G7*i p 1 70
i Short ribs, per ICO lbs—
• July 1147% 6 47% ft 37% C3i>i
j September 0_<J2% <J 02% « 52 "3 (1 52 Vu
Future Grain and Provisions.
Receipts of Cherries were 328 drawers, ten
of which came from Vacaville and the balance
from the Sacramento River districts. Price*
were well maintained, as there was a good de
mand for shipment to Puget .Sound ports, which
absorbed most * of the unripe stock. Carried
over lots of Apricots were offering at the pre
viously quoted rates and met with very slow
sale. Receipts of Strawberries were heavy,
aggregating 984 chests, and they still showed
the effects of the recent hot wave, being more
or less sunburnt. The top price of Long
worths was shaded, but the large varieties
stood as before quoted.
. The Orange market continued firm and ac
tive, owing to the warm, sunny weather, and
prices of all grades of Navels were firmer.
The small sizes still had the most call and oc
casional lotx of desirable sizes commanded a
small pn-mlurn. Ten cars are at hand for
to-day's auction sale. Mexican Limes are
largely nominal, as there are very few left
in first hands. Mexican and Cuban Pineapples
were Jn good supply and met with a steady
demand at previous prices. A car load of the
Cuban article came in on Monday.
STRAWBERRIES— $U^S ptr chest for Long
worths and $3 50tfJ5 for the larger varieties.
CHERRIES— $161 50 per drawer.
APRICOTS— $1 5C4|2 50 per crate.
APPLES— $1©2 50 Tier box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges $1 7.Tg>
2 25 for fancy. $1 :;.1fi 1 75 for choice and Mix
SI 25 for standard; Tangerines, nominal: Lem
ons, *2 50<g2 75 for fancy. $1 BOSl 75 for
choice and ?Krl 28 for standard; Grape Fruit.
$1 25@2; Mexican Limes, nominal at $5f?6 per
case; Bananas, ?2ft;i per bunch for Central
American and $K(- for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$2@3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 5O@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $:.••,> 50© Jt!
jobbing, 132; Cocoanut Cake, %?1<UZI; Corn
Meal, 430 50@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31@:j2;
Mixed Feed. $21022; Horse Beans. »,$0@
40 per ton: Broom Corn Fted. 90c per ctl. "
HAY— Wheat. *11@15; Wheat and Oat. $11®
14; Oat, $10<fU3 60: Barley, *10®12; Stock,
>10<gll; Alfalfa. $9igH per ton.
STRAW — 5U(§70c per bale. ¦
Though receipts of Hay were luch smaller
yesterday, the market was still depressed by
the 90 cara that came in on Monday, and was
quoted dull and soft, though prices were un
changed. Crop conditions are reported favor
able for a large' but not excessive production.
Feedstuffs rule steady to firm. Bran and
Middlings being particulary strong, with very
light offerings.
BRAN— $21@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $1*7 50®2!» 50 per ton.
SHORTS— taiig'.'L' per ton-
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
The millers continue to report a very fair
demand for Flour and cereal products at steady
prices.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 SC@
5 10. usual Urms; Bakers' Extras, $4 704*5;
Orfgon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5&4 25
per bbl.
Ml LLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, *3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $:i 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Oroats. $1 50; Hominy, ?4<g4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $1 50<ffl 75: CracKed Wheat. {4;
Fanna. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $J 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25(&8 t'(>; \n sacks, $0 75^;
» 10r Pearl Barley, $6; Split Psas, boxes, ?7;
Grten Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour 'and M illst u ffs.
RYE — With light offerings and steady holders
the market, though quiet, is in good condition
at $1 30ftl 32Vfr per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—?! *i5(g2 per ctl.
OATS — Offerings of red are ample for all
needs, but 1 samples of whites are few, and
grays and blacks are also apparently in light
supply. The market is Quiet but steadily held
at unchanged quotations.'
White, $1 aOfcl 40; Black. ?1 25©1 30: Red.
$1 273491 35; Uray. $1 3L'li<&l 37>i per ctl.
COltN — Both Western and domestic are high
er and very flrm, with moderate stocks and a
good demand. Very few eamples have been
showing on the tables- lately.
Western sacked. $1 4*;@1 4<& for Yellow and
White and II 45 for Mixed; California large
Yellow $1 47Vifel 52 l ,i; small round do, $1 5iig.
1 <H): Vthite, $1 451H 47V. per ctl; Egyptian,
51 40<Lj1 50 for white and $1 27'/a@l 30 tor
brown. ¦ "^
Feed. $1 07^61 10; Shipping and Brew-
Ing, ?1 12U©1 15; Chevalier. $1 lOfil 20 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
. Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $105 $107% $105 $1 07»i
December ... SMVi 95 »4 94 1.4 US
Session 2 p. m.
CASH BARLEY
Open.- High. Low. " Close.
December T..%\ 27Vi 81 2?% H 27«4 $1 27%
BARLEY— Futures advanced on a buying de
mand, owing to the hot drying weather. The
trade 'are already beginning to talk of less
yield than previously expected. It will depend
somewhat upon how m,uch ' of the overflowed
lands were got In, something which has not
yet be<»n definitely ascertained. Cash grain
wan unchanged, feed descriptions b=>ing very
steady, while Chevalier was neglected.
Session 2 p- m.
California Club, SI 25^1 .10; California
White Australian. $1 52ViCal 57«,4; Northern
Club, »l 25!t?l 30; Northern Bluestem, *1 50
©1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Seszlon 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 27Vi $1 27U $1 27^ $1 ZiU
December ... ,1 27 1 21% 1 27 1 27>>i
CASH WHEAT
The .Chicago- pit crowd bought on the Michi
gan report of 54. agalnct 79 last month. Min
neapolis wired a fair demand for cash Wheat
and reported .that seeding in the Northwest will
be completed by the 15th, including Manitoba
*nd the Territories. The acreage will be
larger than last year.
In this market futures were higher.- owing to
the hot dry wind over much of the State, but
'tie cash grain showed no further change. •
The Government report.- showing; the condi
tion of winter Wheat May 1, was issued ye»
terday. and was considered bullish. It gave
the condition at 7H.5. against »2.6 May 1. 19C3.
end 70.4 May 1, 1902, and a mean for the past
ten years of 84.2. The acreage abandoned was
15.4 per cent, and the total acreage under cul
tivation 27,C8.15<iO. This indicates a crop of
34O.CO0.0O0 bushels winter Wheat, against
401.C&3.000 bushels harvested In 1903.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Rates are nominally
unchanged at ltis 3d spot and 22a 6d new crop
loading. • The chartered Wheat fleet in port
has a registered tonnage of 5000, against 3954
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
64.000 ton*, against 83,000; on the way to. this
oort. 242.000 tons, against 3S7.520.
WHEAT — With abundant supplies all over
*.he world and crop conditions favorable every
where, the foreign markets continue unchanged
ind featureless. The London Statist estimate*
the surplus for export of South Australia at
44.0CO.OOO bushels and from India 48.000.000.
Recent rains In Roumanta have improved the
conditions there and from present Indications
'.here will be no lack at Wheat this year.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK, May 10. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad-
show the following changes in avail
able luppltes, aR compared with previous re
ports:
Wheat — United States and Canada. • east of
the Rockies, decreased 2,280,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increased 1,100,000. Total
supply decreased 1.180,000.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 1,551,000.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockiee, decreased 1,015,000.
Available Grain Supply.
-" ' SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. .
'"" Sets-York Stock and Cotton markets fractionally lower.
- Local Stock markets drjoid of feature.
Exchange end Silver as previously quoted.
government Wheat crop report considered bullish.
.Bdrlcv Futures higher, ozi'ing to changed iveathcr conditions,
Corn in light supply ca\d higher. Oats and Rye steady.
-Hay Exchange announces supply of Hay on hand.
FetdstutFs still in light supply and firm.
rXvfurther change in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes continue to arrive freely from Oregon.
',(^>itions higher. J'egetables in liberal receipt.
Poultry in ample supply. Game in bad condition.
, Orpnges firm and active. Limes ivcll cleaned up.
; ' Strawberries in heavy receipt and sunburnt.
Slitter, Cheese and Eggs continue plentiful.
" : Juried Fruits, Xuts and Raisins unchanged.
' Trcfoisiqns dull, with a decline in barreled Beef.
' -Wool, Hops and Hides steadily held at previous prices.
' •C'qttle, Sheep and Hogs continue to fend dcnvnivard.
. .P.rices for some descriptions of Leather lower.
' .Vrrc- Quotations for Fish Oils.
Broece 10'Ophir 5 00
Brunswick Con... 04| Poenix C6
Comstock Tunnel.. 13iPotosi 15
Con Cal & Va 1 tiMSavase 22
Horn Silver 1 35 1 Sierra Nevada 44
Iron Silver 1 C5i Small Hopes 15
LeadviUe Con C2;Standard 2 CO
M StP&Slt Ste M. COO 62 62 01*i
M EtP&SltSteM pfd 100 1M»- 11» 117
Missouri Pacific ... .1,500 01 & aiu »i
Mo Kan & Texas inn;
Ma Kan &T pfd .... 331Z
Nt K R of Mex pfd . 36
N Y Central 4,000 114% 113% ll^'i
Norfolk & Western. 600 67 66V, 5(5 * a
Norfolk &. W pfd.. , 100 88 8S 87
Nor Securities , 99
Ontario & Western. 700 21 >i 21 Vi 27 %
Pennsylvania 10,400 114»S 113T« 114
Pitts O C & St L 50
Reading 4,000 43% 43% 43%
Reading 1st pfd 777^
Beading 2d pid ... 300 U2*i 62 61 'A
Rock Island Co ... 1,300 22 H 22% 22
Rock Island Co pfd 1,500 <$«% 65% 65%
St L & S F 2d pfd. 200 48 48 47%
St Louis S W 13
St Louis S W. pfd 32%'
Southern Pacific .. 2,300 47% 47 47
Southern Railway.. 1,500 20*fe 2n>; 20%
Southern Ry pfd.. 200 84 83*4 83%
Texas & Pacific ... 400 22>i 22 22
Tol St L A- West... 20o 25 25 25
Tol St L & W pfd. 200 38% 3S 38
Union Pacific 13,100 64 ft 83% 83%
Union Pacific pfd. 100 niVi »l% »1
Wabash 100 18 18 17%
Wabash pfd 500 37% 37% 37%
W & Lake Erie ... 300 16"* 16 ]6
Wisconsin Central.. 300 171* 11% 17%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 200 40% 40 39
Mexican Cent 3.900 8% 7% 7%.
Express Companies—
Adams 220
American 180
United States 103
Wells, Fareo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 8,400 4Si* k 47% 47$* |
Amer Car & F 500 17 16% 18U
Amer C & F pfd 7 j
Amer Cot Oil 200 29 28«4 2**4
Amer Cot Oil pfd 89
Amer Ice 400 fi"i 6% 6Vi
Amer Ice pfd 300 27*i 27% 27%
Amer Lin Oil 814
Amer Lin Oil pfd 2S
Amer Loco ' 18 U
Amer Loco pfd 400 83 82 *i 82 »'»
Amer S & R 300 49% 49% 49
Amer 8 & R pfd 83 j
< Atne.r Sug Ref 600 127=H. \"*>'M 127^1
Anaconda Mln Co. «0C» 75"^ 74 72
Brook Rap Tran... 1,000 46 45% 4h% ;
Col Fuel & Iron... 100 31% 31% 30*4 ,
Con Gas 26.SIOO 2*>5 202H 203«i ;
Corn Products ... 1.1(«> lo'i K>¥x 10S |
Corn Products pfd. *5<X» 05 «5 «4Vs 1
Distillers' Secur .. 2a> T2 - 21% 22 |
Gen Electric 300 158 158 1157 j
Inter Paper lUi
Inter Paner pfd v »W
Inter Pump / 38>f
Inter Pumo Dfd 74 !
Nat Lead 5no 18% i~H 17%)
North Amor l(>0 S4 S4 84
Pacific Mail Hx> 2«U 2OV4 2C
People's Gas 5W »7^ 97 »7% i
Press Steel Car ". - 25 14 j
Press Pteei Car pfd 60"4 i
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic Stetl 100 G^ 6»i 6%
I Republic Steel pfd. 300 40-4 40H W l A
j Rubber Goods 16
Rubber Good? pfd 77 «/i
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 10<> S5M, 35 v» 35
U. S. Leather 4CO 6T4 (i% d%
U. S. Ltather rfd. 1"O 79% 79% 7OVs
\\ S. Realty 500 7% 7 «%
\XJ. S. Realty pfd.. 1,000 CO',4 58", 69«.J
I U. P. R'-bbor 15>M,
U. 8. Rubber pfd.. 200 65^ * «5% <*%
V: S. Steel 400 10 10 10
U. S. Steel pfd 9,000 . 55'/i 55 5T>t<i
Westing Elec 155
West Union 100 WJlj «>>4 Hi)
Total shares sold. 152,200.
i UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Bond transactions
j of the United Railroads of San Francisco were
150,000 at $79. COCO at $78 87%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4, asked 4>4; preferred, bid 35,
asked o5'~.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2a. reg.lCS |L & N uni 4s 101H
Do coup 105 IMan con ijold 4s. 103*4
Do 3s. reg 105% | Mexican Cen 4s.. b'S
Do coupon 100 I Do l£t inc l.'JVi
Do new 4*, rpg.l32%lMlnn & St L 4s.. 05 Vi
Do coupon 132V4JM. K &. T 4s 100
Do old 4s. reg.. 107 Do 2ds 79»i
i Do coupon 10" I Ntl R Mex con 4s. 74
I Atchlson Ken 4s.l00*ilN Y Cen gen 3^5. UQ%
Do adj .4s Ol^'N J Cen gen Cs/ilXOH
Atlantic C L 4s.. ©»> (Northern Pac 4s.. 104 .
Bait A Ohio 4s..liU'il Do 3s 72%
Do 3%s 95'^,|Nor & W con 4s. OS
Cfntral of Ga Ss.lOfJHIOSL « s and parUc 94%
•Do 1st inc 73 |X>enn conv 3>^s.. floV^
Ches Ik Ohio 4^*. 102*41 Rrading gen 4«... OSji
Chi & Alton 34s. 7**4 1 StL & IM con 5s..ll3v<i
C B & Q new 4s »4'*4 StL & SF fsr 4s.. 82%
C.M&StP gen 4s.lO 1 J«4!St L SW lsts fliiH
C fc N W con 7s. 127T* I Seaboard A L 4s.. «. ! 8'4
C.R I & P R It 4s 70 ISouthern Pac 43.. 01%
Do col 5s 80% I Southern Ry f»s...ll5*',
CCC & SL gen 4s. 101 IT«as & Pac lgts.llflTi
Chi Term 4s KO |T. St L & W 4s.. 70
Con Tobacco 4s.. 59 Union Pacific 4s..l<5 1 i
Colo A South 4s.. 84% Do conv 4« !>7%
f F & I conv 5s. 71 Vim 6 Steel 2d 5s.. 72%
Den & Rio G 4s.. 9SV.| Wabash lsts 115"-i
Erie prior lien 4s. 9S»4 Do deb B..\ «K>*4
Do pen 4s MJ'-J |\Vheel & L E 4s.. SI)
Ft W & D C lsts.lOS I Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90
Hocking VaJ 4»4s.lO7V4l
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con .101 Little Chief C5
Alice 3.*>!Ontario 3 75
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88 Vs
New York Exchange, sight....... — . 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, j>er «unce — 5(5
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... 45 <g> 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
CHEESE— S@9c for good to choice new
and 7@7%c for lower grades; Young Americas,
l»01Oc; fcastern, 15f»llic; Western, liaiJc
per lb - / "
EGGS— Ranch. l»621o for fair to choice;
latter figure extreme ;• store. .1 7fc l'Jc per dozen.
All three markets under this head continue
about as before. Butter rules weak, as sup
plies and receipts are too large for the market
to readily absorb, but there la no decline. Some
houses are reporting 8%c at the very top for
Cheese, with a weak, dull and overstocked
marRet and sellers making concessions to clear
oft the .surplus.. Eggs are In about the same
condition as Cheese, most houses finding, the
market depressed and dull, with close buyers
finding ilo difficulty in getting all the ranch
Eggs they want at 20c. At the same time
there are still enough sales at Sic to justify
this quotation, though it must be considered
extreme.
Receipts were -93,700 lbs Butter. 1863 cases
Eggs and 10,5«SO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery .at first hands. 1S@1S%c
for extras and 17®17%c for firsts; dairy. 150
17 %c; store Butter 13014c*; cold storage, nom
inal.
Butter, Cheese and 'Eggs.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
1 ."is for spot and futures, while ¦ in the local
market it remained quiet but steady. Lake,
113 50; electrolytic, $13 12%@13 25, and cast
ing. $12 87%@13 12%.
Lead declined Is 3d to £11 17s M in Lon
don, but was unchanged here at $1 t!0®4 65.
Spelter closed unchanged at £22 7s 6d in
London and at $5 20<35 25 in the local mar
ket. '
Iron closed at 57s in Glasgow and at 44s
6d in Middlesboro. Locally iron was quiet.
No. 1 foundry Northern, $15 25@15 75; No. 1
foundry Northern, $14 75#15 25; No, 1 foun
dry- Southern and No. 1 foundry i Southern
soft. $14614 50.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
NEW YORK. May 10. — Tin showed further
weakness. The decline abroad was a matter
of £1 for Epot and £1 5s for futures, the
former roltion closing at €124 , 15a and the
latter at £123 IT*. The local market 'was
•bout an eighth lower at f27.37%@27 62%.
Copper advanced Ss In London, closing at £37
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
ADCTION SALES
•> . - ;. notice.
By virtue" of an opd*-r issued out of the Su-
perior Court of the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, on the 7th day
of May. 19O4, notice Is hereby given that w»
will sell at public auction to the highest bid-
der for cash, subject to confirmation by tl»
'court, payable 10 p«r cent of the purchase
price ob tha fall of the hammer, and tii»
balance upon confirmation of said sale by th *
court, .on Wednesday, the 1-Sth day o< May.
1004. at 2 o'clock p. m.. in front of the Mer-
chants' Eichanic, situate at the corner o!
Sanaome and Sacramento streets In the. City
ar.d County of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, the steamers Napa City and St.
Helena, their ciuims, boilers, machinery,
boat*, tackle, apparel, appurtenances and fur-
niture with the warehouse belonging te> H. O.
Bell, J. M. Graham. A. Hatt Jr. and Gustave
, H. Hunk, situate In Naoa City. California,
The aald steamers are stern wbeM steamers
and o« 178.87 and 344.»9 tons register respect-
ively. EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auc-
tioneers. ,
£a <£*
/\T AUCTION
On THURSDAY. May 12. at 11 o'clock.
At J. B. KORAN'S SALES YARDS.
Corner TENTH and BRYANT ST8.,
I will sell •;."» head of broken an 1 unbroken
horses: they weigh from 1000 to 13»JO pounds;
from 4 to 8 years old; good, solid chunks: all.
1 in good condition and must be nold. S. WAT,-
K1N8. auctioneer: office 122 Grove st. ; phom
I South 20.
! AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET. 327 SIXTH ST., WEDNESDAY. May
11. at. 11 a. m; I will sell 40 good nor**-*.
JOHN J. DQYLE. Auctioneer.Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It Is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful Jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine* •
To Visit San Francisco
The Civil Service Commission has
ordered an examination for engineers
in the Fire Deoartment on June 4.
1904. ..The examination will • cover
technical knowledge, writing of re
ports -and experience as an engineer.
Examination for Engineers.
She looked so clean — so absolutely
spotless— that we .knew she had made
the journey on the Santa Fe.
"The oiled track and oil-burning en
gines make no dust, smoke or cinders."
she explained; "the Santa Fe Is the Clean
Way: I always travel Santa Fe."
Everybody should know about Santa
Fecheap rates to- the St. Louis World's
Fair. If interested, ask about them at
641 Market- street. San Francisco. ••
The Clean Way.
The amount set aside during the pres
ent fiscal year for street cleaning waa
$215,000, so it would appear that it will
cost something like' $27,000 more than
the contract cost. As the cost of equip
ment is $90,000, more, it Is hardly prob
able that the Supervisors* Finance
Committee will recommend that the
city undertake to do its own street
sweeping..
Another improvement projected by
the Board of Public Works is the re
paving of the streets surrounding the
City Hall, the cost of which is esti
mated at $30,250 by the, Bureau of En
gineering.
Continuing its crusade against con
cerns that obstruct sidewalks in the
manufacturing districts, the Board of
Public Works removed to the corpora
tion yard twenty-five pieces of timber
from in front of the Union Iron Works,
at 220 Fremont street; one boiler and
seven pieces of machinery belonging to
the Jardine Machine Works from 220
Fremont street, and one * boiler and
three .pieces of machinery from Fre
mont and Howard streets, In front of
the premises of Mclntosh & Wolpman.
The Bureau of Engineering, Depart
ment of Public Works, yesterday com
pleted its estimate of cost of the pro
posed municipal street cleaning system,
which has been under consideration by
the Board of Supervisors for some time.
Commissioner Woodward, who is in
charge of the Bureau of Engineering,
will transmit his report to the Board
of Public Works to-day. It is calcu
lated in the report that the equipment
of the proposed plant would cost $90,000,
which would purchase all the neces
sary apparatus for sweeping the streets
as they are being swept under the pres
ent specifications.
Tht> cost of maintenance of the sys
tem is figured at $242,000 yearly.
Engineers Keport on Funds
Required for a Municipal
Street Cleaning System
FIGURES COST
OF CITY PLANT
WARNERS -IN COURT AGAIN.— Mary L
Warner, from whom Mathew • T. Warner ee
curcd A divorce In Judge Hebbard's court a
few weeks ago, yesterday applied to be ap
pointed guardian of her 17-year-old daughter
Alice. Mre. Warner claims that the girl, who
was awarded to the custody of her father ' has
been allowed to run wild by him. *
Burnett's Vanilla Extract la sold
by all the best grocers everywhere, try it. •
DANBY OBJECTS TO SALE.— On complaint
of S. D. Danby. Judge Kerrigan yesterday is
sued a temporary Injunction restraining the
directors or the Danby Company from selllne
for non-payment of an assessment the 1200
shares of stock in the concern held by Danby.
This.lB but one of the many phases of the fli»ht
over the affairs of the Danby Company, the
concern having been In the courts for many
months. Danby has also filed a suit for $25,
000 damages for malicious prosecution against
A. M. Brunswick. ¦-. -
The report of the committee "on laws
took up nearly all the afternoon -ses-,
sion. The important changes adopted
were that hereafter no picnics or eri-'
tertainments in the name of the order
shall be given on Decoration day; mak
ing the election of high officers secret,
Instead of open ballot, and making the
office of permanent Secretary an elec-*
tive one.
An amendment having for its object
the prevention of "'a" retiring or' retired
high chief ranger again seeking nom
ination for that office was voted down.
The High Court will meet again this
morning. The election "for officers will
be held to-morrow.
To-night the high officers and the
delegates will, for the first time, wit
ness the* exemplification of "Through
the Woods." a new side degree sanc
tioned by the tenth executive council,
which will be introduced In all courts.
To-morrow night the high officers and
delegates will be guests at a banquet
in .the Lick House. They will leave
the hall in a body and be escorted to
the banquet hall by the Juvenile For
esters' brass band.
After the high chief ranger had ap
pointed the standing committees he
presented his address to tne high body
which covers the work of the order
for two years past. In ihis he states
that during the early part of the term
the State of Colorado was taken from
the Pacific jurisdiction and transferred
to the Atlantic Jurisdiction, yet, not
withstanding the loss of seventeen
courts, the order initiated, during the
two years, almost as many as were
drawn away and made a gain In finance
of $12,535, the greatest ever made- in a
single term. Since the last session of
the high body twenty-five new courts
were" instituted and the membership
now is 8791. He recommends a change
of the ritual, the fixing of the per
capita tax at $1, the codifying of the
laws of the order and the enlargement
of the social feature of; the organiza
tion.
" The report of . Permanent^ Secretary,
Falconer, which. gives the condition of
the order in detail, that of HighiTreas
urer Lunt and other hign officers , were
presented and referred.
» Greetings from; the High Court were
ordered sent to the Grand Lodge qf.ddd
Fellows in session.. ; ..;. ¦¦/ '; '•••'
The hours of the session were fixed at
from 10 to .12 In the forenoon and from
2 to 5 In the afternoon. / • ;-!
The subsidiary high court of the An
cient Order of Foresters of the Pacific
jurisdiction opened yesterday in the
Foresters' building on O'Farrell street
in Its eleventh biennial session, with
High Chief Ranger J. B. Sanford pre
siding. All the high officers and dele
gates, representing one hundred and
thirty-five" courts In the jurisdiction,
were present. One of these, M. C. Pa
checo, represented Court Cameos of
Honolulu. H. I.
Ancient Order of Foresters
Kespects Memorial Day
by Prohibiting Picnics
OFFICERS MEET
IN HIGH COURT
Several vocal and instrumental se
lections were rendered at the conclu
sion of the lecture.
John A. Hosmer of the Cymrodorion
Society of California delivered an In
teresting address last evening at Uto
pia Hall on Sutter street.
The subject for the lecture was
"The Laws of Hywel Dda/' which in
English means "The Laws of Howell
the Good." Howell was King of
Wales in the tenth century and his
life and history of good deeds were
well described by the speaker.
Hosmer said that Howell called his
noblemen together and before them
wrote the laws of the country. Three
copies of them were made. One copy
was sent to the western part of Wales,
one to the southern and the other to
the northern part. Mr. Hosmer saj's
these were the first laws of govern
ment that ruled Wales.
John A. Hosmer Delivers an Interest
ing; Discourse on First Civilized
Government lii 'Wales. •
LECTURES OX THE WELSH
LAWS OF KING HO WELL
"feAXDSOME NEW BUILDING TO BE ERECTED FOR THE SAX FRANCISCO
I NURSERY FOR HOMELESS CHILDREN AT FOURTEENTH AVENUE AND
1 LAKE STREET, AS IT WILL LOOK WHEN COMPLETED
Promises a Rarrel «»f Fun.
This evening the members of New
Century Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America will have an at
home entertainment and leap year
party In the social hall of the Alcazar
building, on which occasion, so the
committee announces, "there will be
a barrel of fun."
The dormitories will receive special
attention and will be . commodious
enough as to permit of ample space
between each bed. This arrangement
will apply to the boys' as well as the
girls' and babies' sleeping apartments.
The day nurseries are to have every
accommodation for the comfort of the
little ones and each boy and girl is to
be the possessor of a separate closet
wherein clothes must be neatly kept,
the idea being to place upon the shoul
ders of each child a domestic respon
sibility.
There also will be playgrounds, one
for boys, one for girla and one for in
fants, and here will the officers of the
institution take advantage to build up
for their charges a healthy and vigor
ous physique.
Among the recent donations toward
the building are 4*6,000 bricks, the gift
of Dr. J. W. Edwards. Dr. Hartland
Law and L. A. Steiger.
The women ¦ managers find that
there is a small -sum .over . $25,000
lacking to make up the $40,000 which
is required to complete the' institu r
tion's new quarters, but under no cir
cumstances will they be deterred from
going ahead with their laudable proj
ect, even though the full sum needed
should not be at hand Immediately. ¦
The rooms are to be so arranged
as to allow of complete light and as
perfect ventilation as human skill can
obtain.
The new building will be erected
from plans prepared, without cost to
the Institution, by Meyer & O'Brien,
architects.
With such a promise in view and
with the desire to have a commodious
and appropriate place wherein to
house and train homeless little, mites
of the city up to the standard of good
citizenship the committee in charge of
fhe project. Including Mrs. M. H.
Hecht, chairman; Mrs. J. Bertz, Mrs.
James Elder, Mrs. Herbert E. Law.
Mrs. E. F. Preston, Mrs. George Sper
ry and Mrs. William Thomas, set out
with a view to accomplish their ob
ject. To-day they are looking with
pride upon their efforts, since they
have obtained almost the sum stipu
lated by Mr. Law, which almost places
j them In possession of his generous of
!fer.
Some while ago Herbert E. Law
promised that If the directors of the
nursery could raise $10,000 he would
add to the amount $5000.
Within a month the good women
that direct the destiny of the San
Francisco Nursery for Homeless Chil
dren hope to break ground and begin
the building of the new nursery and
home on their newly acquired land at
Lake street and Fourteenth avenue.
Their hope to carry on the object
in view to a successful consummation
looks now very like being an accom
plished fact.
The subject of Introducing portable
schoolhouses was introduced by. Alfred
Roncovieri, who stated that, as the
houses cost but $550 each, considerable
money could be saved that is now be
ing expended in the renting of rooms
in different parts of town.
The meeting was adjourned without
the Supervisors having taken any defi
nite action, and will be continued to
day at 2 o'clock.
Maurice Reardon appeared before
the committee of . Supervisors to ex
plain his reaso"h for charging 90 cents
each for repairing picks that were
originally purchased for 65 cents. Rear
don said that he charged private par
ties $1 for the work, and that a pick
was no good until it had been
"steeled."
President Schmitz of the Board of
Public Works stated that he had in
vestigated, and that wholesale dealers
had all confirmed Reardon's state
ment. The question will be reported
to a committee next Monday morning.
Coroner Leland asked for $21,820 for
salaries and $4145 for expenses. He
wants provision made for an extra
deputy and an extra messenger to re
lieve the two messengers now employ
ed from working twelve hours a day.
An assistant autopsy surgeon was
also desired to assist Dr. Bacigalupi.
This matter also was taken under
advisement.
PORTABLE SCHOOLHOUSES.
The salaries paid grammar school
teachers in the past have been $50 for
the beginning, with a gradual increase
to $83, the maximum figure.
Roncovleri held that $50 is too small
a salary, as an applicant for the posi
tion of schoolteacher must have grad
uated from either a State university
or normal school, and that she must
have spent at least ten or twelve years
in her education. For that reason,
Roncovieri says, the returns for the
money she ' expended are insufficient,
and he made a motion that the mini
mum salary be raised from $50 to $60.
Roncovieri said: "Fifty dollars is
hardly a typewriter's pay, and, as we
expect our teachers to keep up a good
appearance, we should not hesitate at
the .expenditure of the $10 difference."
It was next shown by the Board oZ
Education representatives that, as the
attendance is increasing, so the num
ber of teachers must be increased.
Classes should average 41 pupils to
the teacher, and this would increase
the payroll $48,000 for regular teachers
and $23,000 for teachers who receive
from $50 to $60 salary.
The report made by the Board of
Education shows that it has $4,033,
200 now on hand, while the difference
of $966,800 Is needed for salaries alone.
The business of framing the city
budget was begun yesterday afternoon,
when the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors, with H. U.
Brandenstein In the chair, met the
Board of Education.
Though several hours were taken
up by. the investigation of the figures,
the work was not completed, and the
committees will meet again at 2 o'clock
this afternoon.
Charles Berliner, financial expert for
the Board of Education, proposed that
an appropriation of $1,100,000 be turn
ed over to the board, which is an in
crease of $441,000 over last year's ap
propriation. Berliner maintains that
the increase of attendance of city
schools is 1000 per annum, and that the
present attendance is 38,000 children.
There are 1116 teachers on the pay
roll, 17 of whom are specials, 78 prin
cipals and the remaining 921 are reg
ular teachers.
SALARIES TOO LOW.
The Association of Veteran Odd Fel
lows held its annual meeting: Monday
right and after hearing the reports,
which show the institution to be in a
flourishing condition, the following
¦named were elected as officers for the
current term: J. F. Thompson, presi
dent; Walter L. Potter, vice president;
."William H. Barnes, secretary (twenty
sixth year) ; Daniel Sewell, treasurer
. (twelfth year) ; F. J. Smithson, mar
shal; C. O. Burton, J. F. Crosett, L.
W. S. Downs and W. T. Galloway, di
rectors.
A number of the members paid trib
ute f.o the memories of the following
named veterans that passed away dur
ing the year. Daniel Xorcross, M. M.
Estee and Past Presidents Georgre W.
Dixon and Charles X. Fox. The speak
ers were Past Presidents L. L. Alex
ander, Samuel B. Smith, C. O. Burton,
President Thompson and Secretary
Barnes. \* -*.;.'
Last evening the members of the as
sociation enjoyed a banquet at the
California Hotel. •
There was also presented the report
of the trustees of the Orphans' Home
at Gilroy. which is under the care of
the assembly. The receipts for the
home amounted during the year to
$10,038, and the expenses for conduct
ing it to S8890.
. In the evening the work of the order
•was exemplified before the assembly
by Oak Leaf Lodge of Santa Rosa.
Veteran Odd Fellows.
The California Assembly . of Re
bekahs. the women's branch of Odd
Fellowship, opened yesterday morn
ing in Golden Gate Hall, with Presi
dent Mrs. Alma I. Jensen in the chair.
Not one of the officers was absent and
there was present a very large dele
gation of representatives, many of
them being strangers to the assembly.
The degree was conferred <Jn man;
delegates and visitors.
The report of the president, a
lengthy one, was read and then re
ceived. This shows that the order has
263 lodges, with a membership on the
1st of January of 23,33?. The net
gain in members for the year was
1770 and the number of new lodges
Instituted six.
The report of the committee on ap
peals was presented. The Judgment of
the lodge in the case of S. A. Silbertoh
itga&F t Canay Lodge was reversed, the
Judgment was affirmed in the case of
'JL B. Matlock against Red Bluff Lodge,
awhile that of the lodge in the case of
James A. Campbell against Montezuma
X«odge was reversed. In the case of J.
K. Flndlay against Santa Lucia Lodge,
which involved the right and propriety
cf lodges to appropriate moneys on cer
tain occasions, was referred to the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge. In the case of A.
G. Farnele against Orangedale Lodge,
Involving the appropriation of money
for entertainment purposes, the Judg-
Tnent was sustained.
The annual report of the trustees of
the Odd Fellows' Home was adopted.
This chows that the order has invested
in lands, improvements, fixtures and
other property at Thermalito $42,290.
The report shows that it is impossible
to secure water for the "White tract, in
Santa Clara Valley,* secured for a "home,
except at very great expense. What is
to be done with the White tract will be
fully discussed during the session.
The report of the grand master shows
that during the year eight subordinate
lodges were instituted, five were con
solidated and that the gain in member
ship was 134S, making a total of 35.3S6.
There are 364 lodges in the State. The
amount of money paid during the year,
according to the report of Grand Sec
retary Shaw, for relief and charity was
$290,199, and for current expenses $256,-
C38.
Rebckah Assembly.
More than 250 past pranda who never
before attended a Grand Lodge' session
xrere admitted and received the degree.
The reports of the grand master and
other grand officers were presented, and
those of the grand master and of the
grand secretary were referred to the
appropriate committees. The reports of
the finance commijLtee and the com
znlttee on correspondence were adopted.
The fifty-second session of the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows was opened yesterday morning
In Native Sons' Hall by Grand Master
.C. W. Baker, after a prayer had been
offered by Grand Chaplain R. B. Nay
lor.
Say Money Is Necessary to
Extend List of Salaries
With Larger Attendance
ltebekah Assembly Hears
Report of President—Vet
• erans Elect New, Officers
HOME TO BE DISCUSSED
NEEDS MOKE TEACHERS
Committee of Supervisors
Hears Keport of Depart
ment of Public Schools
Action Taken at the Grand
Lodge Session of the In
dependent Odd Fellows
MANY APPEALS
PASSED UPON
BOARD REQUESTS
APPROPRIATION
NEW ABODE FOR LITTLE
UNFORTUNATES IS ASSURED
San Francisco Nursery for Homeless Children to Have
a Commodious Building Out on Fourteenth Avenue,
Where Kindly Folk Will Provide for Their Training
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 'll, 1904.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL VALUES
THIS WEEK IN
Full assortment of "Fancy Twesls" an! "Scotch CheY-
lots," In mixed effects, small checks and norelto
cheyron weaves. . '
$4.50 Dress Pattern.
Good value for $3.00
A new shipment or 44-Inch "Chiffon Samlle." These we
now have In 16 of the newest shades; also White
and Cream. rt^ m , _,
$1.25 Yard.
r Bearnlar valua $1.73
Black Figured "Mohair Crispine," full U Inches wide.
1 These come in a good varletu of stules and are th3
new hlaGk material for shirt waist suits.
$1.00 Yard.
Black Noppe "Panama Cloth." ' This is an entirely new
fahrlc, 46 Inches wide, and comes In two prices.
$1.00 and $1.50 Yard.
COLORED TAFFETA SILK, full 21 inches wide. This is
a veru superior aualltu and is in shades of Navu,
Tan, GraUi Brown, Red, Reseda, Pink, Lavender,
Light Blue, Turauoise, Cream, Ivoru and White.
75c Yard.
BetruUr Tftlne $1.00 Yard
50-Inch Imported AMAZON CLOTH, a Yeru superior
duality and are in shades of Brown, Navu, Tan f
Green, Cadet Gray and Black.
$1.00 Yard.
Good vain 9 for 81.33
We have also received an elegant variety, of WHITE
FABRICS in all wool and silk and wool in the new
sbeer materials for summer wear.
Prices 50c to $2.00 Yard.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
Hi, 118, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
II Mr'V *^^ f r> iff bL^W "11 H ¦'
ijt Milwantees Banner Brew I
J^SSfiS^ It isn't talk that counts, it's quality — Qual- 8
>Sr^pV ity that stands pat at all times, for honest ||
ffpki criticism. The unprecedented popularity of B ¦
it V*SL Blatz Wiener is due to its pronounced in- H
Ka Y*P» dividuality — that indescribable,- honest fla- 9
11 ¦ i7 vor th ata l wa y s means "Blatz" — that de- B
)\ <#( lightf ill Blatz Wiener "smack" that goes B
J\ *v» straight to the spot. Drink it for beer char- B
f V^ill acter; for; health's sake drink it. Ask for ||
I >Ss 4^v ** downtown and send a case home. . B
I k^L. ALWAYS THE SAME ¦
I) \^\ GOOD OLD " «
(4r^— J^^^^ " BLATZ -" i
OT^ BLATZ MALT-VIVINE ii
W - : (NON.INTOX.r- TONIC" 1
V\W DRUGGISTS OR DIRECT. S
&» VAL. BLATZ BREWING GO,, Milwaukee, I
; 'Wei SAM BIBO & CO. ™&gUSS«* " 1
An IWiualetl Value
M * +
My Special Knife Offer Is one of th«
most liberal ones ever made here.
There are a number of styles and
shapes. Some have two, others three,
blades. ,. ¦;¦•'.
TOTJK OI.D EAZOS is worth some-
thing to me. I'll allow you a liberal
amount on it to apply on a new one.
SCISSORS, as low as 25c
RAZOR STROPS, 25c up.
Two bars Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap, 15e-
Mail orders promptly filled,
IVVCAROSKS OUT
COMKT STYLES -MID tilt*. ADO
•usiMts* amo PirorcftSioNAi. cmai
THAT MAN PITTS
•f-WPlTTS- TK. itHiMur .
1008 Market Street- -oSa.
3on Francisco.
I "VanVroom" I
I DENTAL PARLORS |
|| SIXTH and MARKET n
$200 Reward
For the arrest ani conviction of any oo*
assaulting members cr employes of tn's
association or destroying property belong-
ing 'to them. ¦
|CmZE>£SALLIANCEi
• • Report promptly to tl>* Law Department.
Citizens' Alliance. 217 Cross! sy building
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
CITIZENS' ALLIANCE.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is ta« only cora f or iTarvoui aal
BroacWal ASTB3XA.
Xeur DruKtiht vr at Ms HAluUT ST«
¦ - fc*a Francisco, C*i.
,™L */ $ 9 - 50 Jge box
|^ Y this week
T £y.*^a?t >^>> Here is the biggest
'¦ \^iLni»jtjh 1^f^TT. cu t ever made in any
i ;^SM% refriceratorjine. This
Ice Chest is la^e
! enough to hold all of
""s.^3te?2»5*i^^T? "*™^v e ' ce anc * a " °^ *' 1e
vJr^^'""^ S S > . perishables of any ordt-
ia3 nary home, or even
i^mmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmaaSat outing party!'..
We represent by far San Francisco's biggest/" Hne of
Refrigerators, Ice Chests. Ice Boxes, Qas Ranges, Gas Stoves
and Hot Plates. Summer Is here— the time when you
must have the coolest cooking and the most; careful pre-
serving of food. So be sure to manage a visit to our display.
"The Credit House," 233-235-237 Post Street.
ADVERTISEMZNTSL^